VOLUME LXXXI.-NO. 98.
GREECE IS NOT
YET READY TO
LEAVE CRETE.
Makes a Spirited Reply to the
Ultimatum of the
Powers.
PREPARING FOR THE CONFLICT.
iAs Soon as King George's Defiant Answer
Is Delivered the United Fleets of
Turkey's Friends Will Proceed to
Blockade the Piraeus.
LONDON, Eno.. March 7.— A dispatch
to the Central News from Athens gives
the following summary of the reply to the
ultimatum of the powers which Greece
will hand to the diplomats to-morrow
when the time expires in which a reply
can be made.
It will recall that Greece in 1896 in de
ference to the wish of the powers used her
influence with the Cretans to induce them
to accept reforms by Turkey. It will
point out that the continued unsettled
state <jf the island is a proof of the futili
ties of reform.
With reeard to the autonomy of the
island, the reply will state that it isfor the
Cretans to decide whether they will accept
it or not.
It will declare that the evacuation of
Crete by Greece is impossible, because
peace, to restore which Greek troops and
warships were sent to the island, remains
seriously disturbed.
FIRM IS Ut.K JitSCl.rt.
Greece ft ill Aot V*. if to the Mandate of
the I'otPfrm.
ATHENS, Greece, March 7.— The time
to' Greece's formal reply to the ultima turn
oi ihe combined powers is rapully diaw
ing nigh, and though it is generally known
that that reply will be a refusal of the
terms that are sought to be imposed there
is intense anxiety that the answer be de
livered. It is known that all Europe is
alert to hear the words of Greece, which,
perhaps, will mean much to the armed
millions who have never actually followed
the trade of war. It is believed that the
life or death of thousands of men hangs
upon the words that Greece will speak,
and these words, therefore, are not to be
lightly spoken.
But Greece is firm in her resolve not to
bow to the mandate of those so-called
Christian powers who have expressed their
willingness to go to almost any extreme
to support the rule of Turkey. The
hitherto impotent conce-t of Europe will
in a few hours find its embarrassments in
creased by the defiance of Gieece, and the
Greeks will accept the arbitrament of war
rather than drag their national honor in
the dust by submitting to the orders of
the aliies of the Turk.
It is evident that the power? intend to
carry into effect their threat to blockade
the Piraeus, the port of Athens, as soon as
Greece's answer is delivered to them. A
number of the warships of Great Britain
and the other powers are now in the
vicinity of the Piraeus, and it is believed
they are there for the sole purpose of
blockading the port.
The one bright spot in the situation to
day is that the enforcement of me recent
decree calling out the last two remaining
classes of reserves has been postponed.
In diplomatic circles this is taken to mean
that there will be afforded an opportunity
for further negotiations, though the tem
per of tbe people is against any further
dallying with words.
WA R CLOUDS G A TB EH.
I Bloody Strugale Inevitable Cities* the
1 Powers litctde.
I CANEA. Crete. March 7.— lt is believed
were that the reply of Greece to the de
mands of the powers will De a positive re
fusal to obey and that a bloody struggle
is, tliereiore, inevitable unless the powers
recede from their position. It is known
; hat colonel Vassos, the commander of
the Greek army of occupation, has re
ceive 1 instructions from King George to
hold all the posts in the isJand now occu
pied" by the Greek troops and to resist to
the bitter end any at.emp to dislodge
him. The information reaches here that
the Greek troops are enthusiastic over the
determination of their King not to order
their withdrawal from the island, and it
is believed it will take a far stronger force
than their own to dislodge them from the
slragetic positions they occupy. The
events of the next few days are anxiously
awaited.
Last night the insurgents, who are be
sieging the blockhouse at MaJaxa, made
an attempt to blow up the place with
dynamite, but were frustrated by the
vigilance of the Mo-lem defenders. For
several hours after the failure of tue at
tempt there was a lively fusillade, but the
resul.t is not known here.
A timiisr attempt was made on the
fort at Ktratini, and here the insurgents
were more successful. The explosion
made a breach iii the walls of the fort,
killing four Turks and - wounding many
pothers. The Turks, though brave fighters,
I .ive been made very nervous by .he use
of dynamite by the insurgents, this being
a method of warfare of wnich they have
bad no experience. '
LONDON, Eng., March 7.— The Daily
[News will tomorrow claim to be able to
predict that there is every hope of a
speedy and satisfactory as well as peaceful
solution of the Cretan' trouble. It will add
tbat Greece's reply to the note of - the
The San Francisco Call
poweis will, by statins her reasons, leave
the door open for further negotiations,
though she will not accept the conditions
laid down by the powers.
The paper gives discursively the prob
able terms of the reply, which are similar
to those contained in the dispatch to the
Central News.
A Constantinople dispatch to the Daily
News says it is understood that Greece i*
willing to withdraw her fleet from Cretan
waters, but suggests that her troops remain
on the island to assist in restoring order.
CONSTANTINOPLE, Turkey, March 7.
— The diplomats here have received the
answer of the Porte to the collective note,
presented on Tuesday last, setting forth
the desires of the powers regarding the
granting of autonomy to Crete under the
suzerainty of Turkey. The Ports assent>
to the terms ot the powers, and says it wilt
be a definite understanding between itself
and t He powers respec ing the detai.s of
the autonomy to be granted.
The reply bears out the statement of the
United Associated Presses that the Suitan
is rather glad than otherwise to have the
long Cretan question settled, even though
he loses the island.
While a number of Greek engineers
were engaged in repairing the main road
near Moluii, on the Greek frontier, pre
sumably tor the purpose 01 facilitating the
passage of troops, they were stopped by a
body of Turkish troops. A rumor reached
here to-day that a serious encounter be
tween Turks and Greeks had taken place
on the frontier, but though inquiries have
been made it has been impossible to con
firm the story. It is thought very prob
ably that t~e report originated in the
stoppage by Turkish troops of the work of
the Greek engineers a: Melun.
XTTJtKISH THUOm 3IOBILIZ ED.
German Officer* let Guide the J-orc** of
th .Suit an.
BERLIN, Germany, March 7.— The
powers are nowise agreed among them
selves as to the precise terms of an auton
omous administration of the affairs of the
island of Crete, nor are they in concert of
opinion as to how far Turkey shall be al
lowed provoke war in the Balkan pen
insula by massing troops on her frontiers.
Under the pretext of self-defense the
Porte is executing military plans which
no European Government would venture
upon without the backing of a plethoric
war chest, but the Porte's capacity for
military operations was manifested in the
case of the Turko-Russian war of 1876-77,
when, as now, '.he bankrup:cy of the
Ottoman empire was relied upon at) a
greater factor in the defeat of Turkey than
the cuns of the Russians. As things
turned out, though Turkey was defeated,
she found ample funds <o conduct a credit
able campaign.
STANDARD OF THE REGIMENT OF TURKISH LANCERS.
The Ottoman cavalry is a fine force, and the First Lancers is one of tbe smartest regiments in the service. They are
well mounted, drilled aud equipped, and in their general character rank with the average cavalry regiments of the great
military powers.
SAN FRANCISCO, MONDAY MORNING, MARCH 8, 1897.
THE SUBMARINE TORPEDO-BOAT ABOUT TO ATTACK A BRITISH BATTLE -SHIP
When Yondergoltz Pasha, the German
eneral who was lent to the Sultan, or
ganized the present Turki-h army, 1-ft
the Turkish service, it was understood
that he was thoroughly disgusted
with the way things were going, and that
the severance of his relations with the
Turkish military department was ap
proved by the German Emperor. The
Sultan has paid so hieh a tribute to the
services of Vondergoltz that he has re
cently besought him to resume his posi
tion, nssurine him that he would be the
virtual commander-in-chief of the Otto
man array. The German Pasha declined
to return, but in reply to the Snltan's in
vitation ha has sent a plan of operations
to oa put into force upon the Greek
frontier, based upon his profound knowl
edge of the conations under which a cam
paign against Greece must be conducted.
A-» Vondergoltz Pasha when he severed
his connection with the Turkish military
administration occupied the position of
second chief of tho general staff of the
Turkish army and was also a member of
the council oT the Turkish Ministry of
War, it will be seen that h ; s advice has no
small influence in th 6 military operations
which the Porte has ftndertnkui: within
the last month or two. Moreover, the
German officers who are siill serving in
the Turkish army are Known to be fully
capable of carry-ing Yondergoltz's plans
into «-ffect, and the fact that m;iny of the
important commands of the Thessalian
frontier are now in the hams of German
officers may thus be accounted for.
Advices from Constantinople, based on
reliable au hority, show that the Ottoman
troops on the frontier of Thessaly, as well
as a.ong the other TurKish borders, are to
act on the offensive, and it is asserted that
if the commander-in-chief wishes he could
within a week throw 75,000 well-armed
men over the Greek frontier, including
twenty-one batteries of artillery and ten
squa'lronsof cavalry.
The headquarters of the Turkish army
of "precaution" or defense are now at
Wonastir, in Macedonia, 400 miles west of
Constantinople, and a larce force of troops
under the command of Omar and Nuchan
Pashas is much nearor the frontier. \t\
addition to the mobilization of the regn ar
GUN CREW ON BOARD THE TURKISH MAN-OF-WAR
HAMIDIEH.
The Hamidieh is one of the most notable ships of the Imperial Ottoman navy.
She is an ironclad of 6700 tons, and was launched in 1885. The Turks are generally
good sailors, and are capable ot excellent things under good leadership.
forces, tho Mustafuz, corresponding to the
German landsturm or second draft of
those liable to military duty, have been
called to arms in several districts near
the Greek borders. The ostensible reason
for summoning this contingent is that
the ordinary red iff s or reserves which
were lately called out have been deficient
in numbers, but the summoning of any
part of the Mustafuz is regarded as omi
nous of the Sultan's expectations that
something of a very serious nature is im
minent.
The attitude of Servia and Bulgaria oc
cupies the serious attention of European
diplomacy, and it is the opinion in official
circles here that the conferences which
have laken place between King Alexander
of Servia and Prince Ferdinand of Bul
earia .>ave resulted in an agreement to
make a simultaneous attack upon Turkey
when the time lor such action shall seem
opportune.
Kouruama is looked upon as having the
intention to take an active part in any
scheme of rearrnngirip tbe Balkan boun
daries that may be nut into operation.
King Charles of Roumania, as a member
of the Prussian family of Hohenzoilern,
may be relied upon to have the support of
Germany. In view of eventualities, the
works at Kustendjio, on the Black Sea,
and the defenses at Gallatz and Braille, on
the Danube, are being strengthened and
extended.
The Berlin and Frankfort bourses were
depressed at tbe close of yesterday's mar
ket, and there was a aectine of 1} 2 in
Greek securities on both exchanges.
"BOX'T DJSORA.CB THE FLEET."
English Jtadieitls I'roleat Againtt Sup
porting the Turks.
LONDON, Esq., March 7.— A large
Radical meeting was held in Hyde Par*
to-lay to give voice to the feeling in favor
of Greece, which generally obtains among j
the masses of England. Among the
speakers were Joseph Havelock Wilson,
M. ±\ for Middlesoorough, and Edward J.
Morton, M. P. for Davenport. Resolu
tions were adopted amid much enthusi
asm expressing sympathy with the Cretan
Christians in their struggle for freedom,
congratulating Greece upon her firm re
solve to protect the Cretans, and protest
ing against the coercion of Greece by the
powers.
One of the resolutions urges Lord Salis
bury to refuse to disgrace the Brr.ish fleet
by lending its support to the Turks.
The weather was not favorable for a
large outdoor gathering, it being dull and
threat"nine, but nevertheless there were
fully 2000 persons in the park, including
the onlookers.
FIVE HUMtRKD GREEKS
Ready to Leave ■ Chienno If Traniportn
tinn 1m fit-cured.
CHICAGO, 111., March 7.— Five hun
dred Greeks in tim City are eager to
respond to the call to arms issued yester
day by M. Skouzes, Greek Minister of For
eign Affairs. A mass meeting was held- in
the Greek Church this afternoon, at which
fiery speeches were made. Father Fiara
bolis, who two weeks ago stirred the
Greeks of this city by an eloquent appeal
in behalf of their fatherland, presided at
to-day's meeting, rie told his country
men that it was first necessary to get
money, ns lack of means stood in their
way. Yesterday a telegram wai sent to
the Consul-General in New York concern
ing the matter of funds, but no reply has
been received.
The Greek headquarters on Dearborn
street was swarming with the Hellenes to
night, who are anxious to leave at once to
enter into the fight against the Turks.
Two huudrea and fifty have already en
listed ami stand m readiness to leave at a
day's notice if ihe necessary funds can be
s cured. Many are abU and willing to
pay their own wav to Greece, but the
great majority are without money.
It is iisserted that an army of £00 will
leave this city alone if the uorplexing
problem of lunds can be overcome.
** XOUR COVMIitI \Sl££T>ttXOU."
King George* - Call on . . Greek Rettrrea
:■••-.■ «■■ in ,J him Country.' !.';'■ ■'• i -
--■ NEW YORK, :N. V., March : 7.-The
Greek Church in his city was the center
of interest to-day to all the Hellenes in this
Continued on Second Pag*,
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
CAN SINK
MODERN
WARSHIPS
Most Terrible Engine of
Destruction to Be Soon
Launched.
DEADLY MISSION OF A
STEEL FISH.
It Is a Wonderful Torpedo-Boat
That Can B? Operated
Under Water.
THIS MONSTER TO BE BOBN AT
BALTIMORE.
With Its Scientific Appliances It
Will Be Able to Blow Up
Any Foreign Navy.
BALTIMORE, Ma, March 7.— Tbehoga
steel fish with lungs of bronze and elec
tricity in its fins and tail, which is to be
launched in this city in a few days, will
spit from its mouth while under water a
torpedo which will tear a hole in a man-of
war's bottom, or she can ram the enemy
witn a stout fin she carries on ber back.
She can see and breathe while under the
water. This new engine of destruction
can run on the surface of the sea at a
greater speed than most vessels; she can
hide herself and move along under the
water at any depth from an inch to seventy
feet, or can lay, if necessary, on the bot
tom for days. It is next to impossible to
sir.k this mechanical diver or drown her
crew. This 85-foot fish has a body shaped
like a cigar. It is 11 feet 6 inches in width
and depth. The hull has an inner and an
outer skin and on the bac£ of the craft
there is an armored turret.
This realization of Jules Verne's dream
of "Twenty Thousand Leagues Under the
Sea" is best described by sending her
forth to tight an imaginary battle with,
lbs E.ipli3h battle-ship Royal Sovereign.
The tiny submarine is manned by but ten
men and cost but $150,000. She weighs
only 138 tons. The RoyaJ Boven ign car
ries a crew of 500 men and cost $4,000,000.
The Britisher weighs 14.000 tons. Little
David has five torpedoes, while Goliath
carries four 13-inch guns, ten 6-inch guns
and twenty-eight rapid-fire guns about
her decks. About her sides is an armor
belt 18 inches in thickness. She is a float-*
ing fortress 380 feet in length and 75 feet
in width. The submarine is lying in the
harbor of some great sea coast city when
news is received that the British battle
ship is approaching the coast with the in
teniion oi bombarding the place and lay
ing tribute upon the inhabitants. The
petroleum tires under the boiler of the lit«
tie fighter are lighteJ — she does not burn
coal—^nd steam is up in a jiffy. She ia
soon steaming out of port with two sets of
quadruple engines backed by 1(525 horse
power, sending her skimming along the
surface at a sixteen-knot gait to meet the
dreaded thunderer from abroad.
Far out across the water there is a puff
of white smoke, a flash of red fire ana the
boom of a cannon comes in from the sea.
The Britisher has seen the little American
and has cleared his ship for action. The
shot dropped just ahead of the torpedo
boat. She was not yet within rango of
the big guns of the enemy. Scenting
danger the commander in the turret on
ihe submarine vessel touched an electric
button, t 1 c engineer obeys the signal,
opens a valve and fourteen ton* of sea
NEW TO-DAY.
"' iBB^. Even BTacksmlthjL
&£& who are supposed
jr>^?y to represent great
wtfJ?»y<k» strength and perfect
ra»*fc£>ft health, are likely to
ft^f! f\ die of consumption.
/' /^ Jkrx ' Mere muscularity
L^^4v\ * sn * always health.
I^^S^O> \\ / Disease will develop
y^_\jL_jMxl»^. rapidly once let the
& >*•- /-^£*'sftl ■"-*" germs of contump-
&' "" ft 1 * tion get into a man's
If*'' tv 'iSjSP^C stem > and it will
7Sh I^™*®===^ kill him certainly and
C«. I KEVr/PTm surely if he doesn't
V cf awl II I ill take tie P r °P e . r
/ '^'^StoU ' i'l I measures to get rid
(_ Vli^nHy !4I of it. Exercise and
VjL W'f/W" I/ I v.-ork and dieting aad
13S W'/i j" 1 1 all that sort of thing
Tgg&HriVtY * a Sam good enough in
' "*"' «- . B0»- their way, but con-
"° sumption is one of
the things that they won't cure. The bacil-
lus of consumption is a living organism. It
is infinitesimal, but it is alive. The only
way to get rid of it is to kill it. If it isn't
killed, it will develop and multiply. Germs
are wonderfully prolific. In the quickest
imaginable time, one becomes a thousand,
and a ; thousand a million. Dr. Pierces
Golden Medical Discovery is a germ hunter
and a germ killer. Wherever a disease germ
lurks in the body, the " Discovery" will
find it— will render it harmless. It doesn't
make any difference what you call your dis-
ease, or what kind of a germ it is. All germs
circulate in the blood. The '.'Golden Med-
ical Discovery," purifies the — purges
it of germs — enriches it with life-giving
'properties. It not only kills disease, but it
builds up health. It is a tonic, a nervine,
or nerve-food, or invigorator and blood-pu-
rifier, all in one bottle.
• : If you want to know all of the facts about
this wonderful remedy —if you want to
know all about the human body, and human
' ey^-^feL health, and sickness and how
l^jjjg^^^ to get rid of it, send for Dr.
pierces Common Sense Med-
' |pEo!faJ ical Adviser, a standard mcd- "
*"\.ti msn* ical work of 1008 pages, pro-
lm»B *2££ fusely illustrated, which will
■ Wo^^ be sent free on receipt of 21
I one-cent stamps to cover cost
L- H. -or. of mailing only. This work
''SjJ is ! a ; complete family doctor
book and should be read by
both young and old.' The profits on the sale
of 680,000 copies at $1.50 has rendered possi-
ble this free edition. Address, World's Dis-
pensary Medicel Association, Buffalo, M. 7.2
water are allowed to entar the tanfcs in
the sides of the hull between the inner
and outer skins. The c;aft imiredia ely
sinks herself to tha awash condition. She
now has three feet of water over her hull,
with only her armored turrat exposed,
and she is making 15 knots an hour.
There is a second puff and a liasii and a
boom and a shell shrieks past the Ameri
can. The brave little vessel is within tiae
range of the enemy's guns.
It is decided to dive, thus takine away
the only and very unsatisfactory target
the Britisher had. The commander runs
his fingers over his electric sig.nal-board.
First the petroleum fires are ordered ex
tinguished — the furnace doors are hetme^
cally sealed. Another signal from the
turret and the smokestack and the air
shaft adjoining it are automatically drawn
down into the hull and a water-tiglit cov
ering swings over and is clamped upon
the opening through which the stack rose.
One more ton of water is admitted to the
tanks, and the buoyancy of the vessel is
almost overcome. Next two horizontal
rudders on the right and left sides of the
stern are slightly inclined upward. This
drives the craft down head lirst, and in
thirty seconds she has disappeared from
view. The enemy has nothing to fire at
but a few ripples upon the water.
As the submarine craft has a constant
tendency to rise, or a reserve buoyancy
amounting to 375 tons, she has to be
forced below by her horizontal rudders.
For awhile she is operated by the steam
left in her boilers. When this is con-
Buraed a 70-horsepower electric motor,
dnven by thirty-two tons of storage bat
teries, are coupled to the screw-. When
she reaches a depth of thirty fact the ves
sel is headed toward the Britisher. Under
the water the craft makes eight knots an
hour. The little company under the sea
is drawing its life breath from air stored
in bronze tanks at a pressure of 2000
pounds to the square inch.
It has been demonstrated by the in
ventor, through tests wbicu he has made
under the water, that it ia impossible to
see a foot ahead of you when submerged.
To keep the boat on a straight course a
triangular drag is rigged over the rudder.
This is so arranged that if the vessel
deviates from her cours^ the drag ope
rates on the rudder, throwing it to the
right or left, bringing the cfaft back upon
her course again. Afier a run of a couple
of hundred yards the boat rises to the sur
face to observe ttie enemy and also to see
Sectional View of Submarine Torpzdo-Boat That Is to Be Launched at Baltimore
in a Few Days.
if she is headed directly for her. To do
this the horizontal rudders are slightly
inclined downward ar.d the porpoise rises
to witnin three feet of the surface.
While moving along in this position a
hollow tube, four feet Ion?, is run from
the back of the boat up through the water
and a foot above the surface of the sea.
In the side of this tube, near its top, there
is a hole, and in this opening there is a
mirror. The tube is revolved from the
turret and the mirror reflects a picture of
everything on the waters and carries the
image down into the turret. The com
mander of the submarine sees the officers
giving orders from the bridge of the
Royal Sovereign and the apprehensive
crew scurrying about the deck of the bat
tle-ahip. They are maiing haste to get
out the protective nets around the ship's
hull. The submarine now dives for the
attack. She passes under the spot where
the battle-ship was eeen last, but the ex
pected shadow of the hull in the water
was absent. The foreigner was constantly
changing his course in an effort to elude
the unseen destroyer.
The American arose to the surface
again for another observation and the
battle-ship was seen just a hundred yards
ahead. She dived again, and the two
men in the bow ready to fire the torpedoes
were signaled to "stand by" for action.
Soon there was seen dead ahead tne
shadow of the invader. The order to fire
was given, and from out of the bow of the
submerged craft shot a torpedo. It was
11 feet 9 inches in lensth and 38 inches in
width. Every inch of it was crammed
with explosives. It automatically pro
pelled itself by a scrr>w ana a rudder to
ward the shadow. There was a moment
of suspense, followed by a churning of
the sea, and the Americans knew they
had hit something. As they arose to the
surface again for an observation tuey
passed throu ;h troub.ed waters, and they
saw that the nots of tho ship had been
torn and were hanging to the ship's sideß
in an indescribable tangle.
The troubled waters through which the
small craft had parsed proved to be the
wake of the # L>attle-ship which was gath
ering headway and making ready to put
out to sea again. Quickly the Americans
got below again and found the Britisher's
shadow over tbeir hearts. A button wa3
pressed, a second torpedo left the bow and
disappeared in the gloom beyond. Those
■ board the battle-ship lelt their vessel
heave and raise beneath them. Water
■hot up fifty feet In thick volumes on both
bows of the big warship. Tue bow ro<e
»p, tottered and then fell back into the
Bea, while the whole ship labored and
trembled as if &he were in a gale. The
officers on the bridge stood still with
blanched faces. The crew were transfixed
at their posts. No one moved, no one
spoke. Then the engineers and stokers
Irom below rushed on deck with the news
that the ship was filling. Tbere was a
great hole in the ship's bow. "Clear away
the lifeboats!" rang out from the bridge
and was carried along the de<ks as the
magnificent vessel careened to one side and
settled by the head. While the men were
scrambling over the sides into the life
boats and the officers were still at their
posts on the bridge or deck the Royal Sov
ereign gave a lurch and went down by the
head. StruXglin men. floating wreckage
and a sea of troubled waters was all that
was Jeft of the mighty aeversary.
Should the little fighter lire all her five
torpedoes and not hit her opponent >he
ttill has her ram or armored turret with
which to tight. This turret is shaped like
an inverted boat on the vessel's back,
with a cutwater fore aiwi aft. The armor
is 4 inches in thickness and the turret is
9 feet long, 3 feet 10}£ inches in widih and
■1 feet high. This steel point may be
jam me I into the unprotected hull of a
vessel with disastrous effect Craft of this
kind can live where no other kind of
vessel dare show its nose — in the line of fire
between two hostile fleets. She could
cross the hre-swep: zone with no;hing but
her observation mirror above water and
attack the opposition while the big fellows
were too busy peppering one another to
waste time looking for a piece of pipe
sticking above the water.
Should the enemy entrench itself in
one of our harbors and protect itself by
laying an outer iineof anchored torpedoes
or submarine mines, this little wonder
would be used to find the obstructions
and blow them up. She may also be of
inestimable value in carrying messages
through hostile lines, for if she is at
tacked she jimply has to sink herself and
pass under the enemy. She can lay in a
channel leading to a seaport and defy any
invaders io pass over her. Aud if some
old hulks of vessels were sunk in a chan
nel to prevent the United States warships
from relieving a besieged city, the sub
marine could stenl in under the water and
blow the obstructions to smithereens.
The radius of action of this manufactured
fish is 1000 miles on the surface and 60
miles under water.
It will be remembered that the Monitor
burst upon the world as a realization akin
to the marvelous. In an hour the existing
navies of mankind passed away as a breath.
In the face of the new craft, taking its
success for granted, the monster steel-clad
battle-ship is as helpless as the improvised
iron-ciad was before the "cheese-box on a
shingle." It will be remembered against
what a head of opposition the creation of
Encksson'B -. enius had to fight its way.
The battle with the Merrimac was but play
in comparison to it.
I n addition to being able to dive like a
porpoise while running, the craft can be
sunk wh le she is at a standstill. This is
accomplished by admitting water to the
ballast tanKs which cover the bottom of
the vessei, which will nearly overcome ncr
buoyancy. Then screws on top of the bow
and the stern, revolving horizontally, will
drive the little fighter to the bed of the
waters. When on the bottom a mush
room anchor will be lowered from the
bow and fasten itself in the earth, thus
holding the craft to ihe bottom.
There are two methods of escape in case
the vessel goes to tt» bottom through ac
cident and refuses to rise again. In the
huli of the vessel and exposed to the pres
sure of the sea is a sensitive diaphragm. If
the craft sinks too deep the increased den
sity of the sea forces the diaphragm in
ward and it moves a piston-rod. This rod
opens a valve in a water-tank, when pneu
matic pressure will force out a quantity of
water ballast; air will take its place and
the craft will be forced to rise to the our
face. Should this method of escape fail
each member of the crew will dress in the
regulation diver's suit, the hull will be al
lowed to gradually fill with water, a hatch
will be opened and the men will be carried
to the surface by the buoyancy of the
suits.
The craft is to carry sufficient provisions
to remain on the bottom for three days,
and she cau also lie submergea for three
dsys without the necessity of coming up
for air. To accomplish the latter a coil of
hose attached to a flo tter is released, when
it will rise to the surface. Air is then
pumped down through the hose and
stored in tanks. The vessel has been con
structed to withstand the pressure at a
depth of eighty feet. She has frames t%
by 3% inches in thicKneas and the stvel
plaies on the hull frames are a half inch
thick. It is well known that a submarine
b?at must be a sensitive vessel. A man
walking about their interiors often affects
their trim. When a torpedo is fired irom
this craft a corresponding amount of
water will be admitted to the vessel to
equalize matters, and all fuel consumed
will also be compensated for. Further de
tails of the craft are explained by the ac
companying cut.
Submarine boats which did not po3sess
one-tenth of the qualities of this fighter
have sunk ships. David Bushneli, an
American, tried one on the 64-gun vessel
Eagle, belonging to the British, while she
was in New York Bay. The crtft dove
under the hull of the big fighter well
enough, but the attempt to screw the tor
pedo to the warship's hull failed, because
the effort drove back the sensitive sub
merged boat. When the attack was re
newed the Eagle had moved away. Rob
ert FuHop, the distinguished American
inventor, traveled under the harbor of
Brest, France, for hours, and offered to
"deliver France and the whole world
from British oppression" if Napoleon
would only give him a chance ai toe Eng
lish three-deckers. Napoleon let the
American experiment on au old ve»sel
and he promptly blew it up, but the Cor-
Bican gave him ho further encourage
ment. Then Fuiton went over to the
enemy, offering hi? boat to the British,
but Prime Minister Pitt, it is said, refused
to adopt a mode of warfare which might
rob England ol her supremacy of the seas.
FEDERAL APPOIN I MENTS.
California's Republican Difogation in Con
gress Will Make a Number of
Recommendations.
WASHINGTON, D. C, March 7.— The
California Republican delegation in Con
gress held a protracted meeting to-day at
the rooms of Senator Perkins in the
Maltby building, one of the Senate an
nexes, to further consider recommend*-
lions for Federal appointments. Thera
were present Senator Perkins and Repre
senta;ivas Loud, Birham and Hilborn.
The only other Californian preseni was
Major Frank McLaughlin, chairman of
tho Republican State Central Committee.
The «ession lasted from 10 o'clock till 3
in the afternoon.
A vast number of applications were
piled up on the table, but the net result
of the conference, according to one of
those who was present, may be sum
in ir. zed thus:
The de.egaiion decided to iudorse Frank
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, MARCH 8, 1897.
A. Leach of Oakland for superintendent
of the Mint at San Francisco, Julius
Jacobs for sub-treasurer, Cnptain Will am
L. M^rry for United States Minister to the
Greater Republic of Central America
(Nicaragua. Costa Rioaaml San Salvador),
Romualdo Pacbeco for Minister to Brazil,
Irving B. Dudley of San Diego for Min
ister to the Hawaiian Republic, Frank
Coombs for Minister to Japan (the post
formerly held by him), W. Ragsdale of
s Una Rosa as Consul to Hongkong,
Colonel Ellis of Alameda as Consul to
Yokohama and M. H. de Young as Minis
ter to Itnly.
It is the understanding that John P.
Jackson will be indorsed lor Collector of
the Port of San Francisco, although Joe
Spear is here on the ground and is making
a i.ard light for the place. It is under-
stood also that Senator Perkins favors
Jackson, as heretofore wired The Call.
Mr. Spear's friends say that the tight is
between these two men, but it is apparent
that Spear is losing hope.
There is a long list of candidates for
Collector of Internal Revenue. This ap
pointment is the most perplexing of all
and will he left to a future meeting of the
delegation for settlement. Neither the
Pan Francisco postmastersbip nor the
Pension agency were considered at to
day's meeting, the incumbents of these
offices having a year or more to serve.
It seems to be conceded that Colonel
Harrison Gray Otis, editor of the Los An
geles Times, will be appointed Assistant
Secretary of War. The Colonel is making
no effort to secure the appointment, for,
as Major McLaughlin said to The Call
correspondent to-night, "this seems to be
a case of the office seeking the man."
Colonel Otis' appointment will seriously
interfere with tue aspirations of two other
Caliornians of lesser note. These are
Stephen \V. Mosher of Del Rosa and How
ard Kutchin of the San Dieeo Tribune,
each of whom wants to be Fourth Assis
tant Postmaster-General. This is an im
portant position, for the Fourth Assistant
appoints all of the fourth-ciass postmas
ters. It is understood that Mr.Kuichin
relied upon (Senator Perkins and Senator
Spopner of Wisconsin to help him. but he
realizes that if Colonel Otis is appointed
Assistant Secretary of War his chances
will be slender. Mr. Mosher is willing to
accept a position of lesser importance.
The Call correspondent was reliably in
formed to-day that Frank P. Flint of
Pasadena will ba recommended by the
delesation for appointment as United
States District Attorney to succeed George
Denis, and that A. W. Francisco will be
made Collector of the Port at Ban Pedro.
The delegation has also decided to ask the
President to appoint Choplain Ames (now
at ban Quentin) as chaplain in the United
States army.
It seems to be the general impression
here that Colonel John P. Irish will be al
lowed to hold on to the naval office in con
sideration of the valuable service he ren
dered the Republican party in the late
campaign. Senator Perkins will try and
get this place for "Billy" Hamilton, but
the latter may have to apply for some
thing else.
The delegation, including Major Mc-
Laughlin, Colonel Otis and Mr. Hamilton',
will call upon the President to-morrow
morning at 10 o'clock. Later in the day
Senators Perkins and White and Colonel
Otis will see the President in the interest
of Judge De Haven for United States
Judge. It is the general impression that
Judge McKenna will favor United States
District Judge W. W. Morrow for the cir
cuit bench, and tuat President McKinley
will be asked to nominate De Haven for
District Judge.
Colonel H. I. Kowaiski is here, but if he
is a candidate for any office he has Kept ii
quiet. Major McLaughiin, Judge De
Haven and.Mr.|Ham:lton are at Willard's;
Joe Spear is ut the Shoreham, George
Stone is at the Congressional, Colonel Oils
is stopping with his brother on I street
and Mr. Kowaiski is at the Arlington.
The Call correspondent was told to
night that ex Representative W. W. Bow
ers will probably De appointed Collector of
the Port of San Diego.'
Major McLauehlin adheres rigidly to his
determination not to apply lor any offi ce
nor to accept any. He believes tnat the
appointment of Julius Jacobs as Sub-
Treasurer will greatly please the Hebrew
people of California.
At to-day's meeting of the delegation
Major McLaughlin urged that prompt
action oe taken, and tnat ail of the
appointments be tilled as soon as possible
so that the applicants will no' ba kept in a
state of suspense. Major McLaughlin as
well as others who were present at the
caucus to-day declared that all of the rec
ommendations made will be from the
standpoint of party welfare rather than
individual preference.
Kilifj Geora* Qrntrfu!.
LONDON, Ei»a., Marcb 7.— King George
of Greece has sent to Sir Charles Di Ike a
telegraphic message expressing his heart
felt thanks to Bit diaries and the 103
members of the House of Commons who
signed the message of sympathy sent re
cently to the King. In his message King
George says:
"In our struggle for humanity, faith
and liberty nothing could be dearer to our
hearts than such expressions of goodwill
from those who encoua^e our feelings."
»
STRIKING AGAINST CUT WAGES.
Between Three and Four Thousand Men
Are Expected to Go Out at
Chicago To- Day.
CHICAGO, 111., March 7.— To-morrow
morning a strike involving between 3000
and 4000 men will be inaugurated in this
city. Nearly 1500 piasterers and hod
carriers, who had been ordered to strike
at the close of work yesterday, have quit
with a determination not to return to
work until the old wage scale is restored.
To-morrow it is expected that many of
the all;, d trades will sustain the men in a
general strike to ficht the wage cut, and it
is argued by labor leaders that the em
ployers will not attempt to resist a com
bined movement and will retract their
demands for a cut in wages. It was
thought that the movement mieht be op
posed at a general meeting of the Chicago
Federation of Labor held this afternoon,
but no action was taken in regard to the
strike beyond tn» passage of resolutions
expressing sympathy with the strikers.
Meetings were held last night by the
striking plasterers and the hod-carriers'
council, and the action taken by the exe
cutive board in ordering the strike in
dorsed. The electrical mechanics and
bicycle workers have pledged their sup
port to the strfkers, ns has also the Car
psnters' District Council. Concessions
have already been made by employers in
several; cases, and the work on certain;
contracts will be continued to-morrow.
Some Vhink thai a settlement will be
speedily made.
ANOTHER TERRIBLE BUZZARD.
One Hundred Towns in the Northwest
Are in It — Serious Blockade in
South Dakota.
ST. PAUL, Minn., March 7.— Reports
to-ni^ht from one hundred towns in the
Northwest indicate that another great
snowstorm is raging, perhaps the greatest
A. GOUSTIAUX. Acting Greek Consul at San Francisco.
of the winter. A serious blockade is on in
South Dakota. No trains have been mov
ing to Wntertown, Huron, Milbank and
other points for the past twenty-four
hours. Members of the South Dakota
Legislatuie, which adjourned at Pierre on
Friday, have been unable to leave that
place owing to the blockade. General
Superintendent Russell Harding of the
Great Northern has just come in from
North Dakota and says:
"I think I would be very conservative
indeed to estimate the snow as being three
feet on the level of the plains. It is prob
ably nearer four feet on the level, and
telegrams received this afternoon indicate
another snowstorm."
Asked concerning the snow in the
mountains Mr. H irding said it had sur
passed ail previous records. In many
places it was far over the tops of the
telegraph-poles and so deep that the
rotary plows could do little better than
cut a tunnel rather than a swath. There
is so much snow on the ground that there
is grave fears of floods both in the Missis
sippi and Red River valleys. Everything
depends on the temperature of the next,
ten days.
Aijr-ft t.tijUih Ilirine Jiiei of Apopleatjf.
LONDON, Esq., March 7.— Rev. Cob
ham Brewer, L. L.D., died of apoplexy
yesterday, aged «7 vaars.
TO CUKE A COLD IN ONE DAY.
Take UiativeßromoQuinineTablets. Alldrug
tiisis refund the money It it tails to euro. Use
GREECE IS NOT
YET READY TO
LEAVE CRETE
Continued from First Page.
city. It was known that the call to arms
addressed to Greeks would be read at the
services. At the hour for the services the
priest read the message of Krouzes, Min
ister of Foreign Affairs, as follows:
Reserves belonging to classes of 1866, 1867,
1868. 1869, 1870, 1871, 1872 and 1873 are
called to their standards. The only ones ex
empted lrora militarry service are those be
longing to tho auxiliary corns and they are
exempt Ly law. Notify all the Hellenes
within your jurisdiction to present them
selves as soon as possible, and please com
municate the contents of this dispatch to all
Greek Consular authorities in the United
States. Recommend them to induce the re
serves to return to Greece.
Minister Botassi has issued a proclama
tion to his fellaw-countrymen and it has
been posted everywhere that Greeks are
likely to bee it. It is as follows:
In the name of King George I wish to offi
cially notify all the reserves of the Grecian
army who are in this country that their
fatherland calls them back to its ranks. And
to all Greeks, whether they have fought in by
gone days or whether they have not, I say, in
the name of my king, " Your country needs
you."
PHILADELPHIA. Pa., March 7.— A
company of Greeks assembled to-day and
earnestly talked over the situation. Every
one agreed that King George had adopted
the proper course. Many Greeks were
eager to go back and join the army, bui
most of the men in the classes referred to
are unable to pay their passage. When
the official order from the Greek Foreign
Minister wa9 received here a meeting of
the Greeks was called to devise ways and
means by which those whose presence in
Greece is compulsory can be sent back.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., March 7.— The Grecian
Vice-Consul in this c.ty announces that
every able-bodied man in the Greek colony
here wili answer the call of King George.
Greeks here are prepared to go to their re
serve commands at once.
CINCINNATI, Ohio, March 7.— Joseph
Costens, formerly of the Greek reserves,
now a prosperous merchant here, said to
day; "There are about thirty-nye Greek"
in Cincinnati, three of whom hay« ten
dered thei» services to King George, prac
tically, in a letter they wrote to the Con
sul-General of Greece in New York City
Friday."
PITTSBURG. Pa.. March 7. — The
Greeks in Putsburg and Allegbany to
aay discussed the call of Consul-General
Botassi, and eight signified their willing
Feed
fhe nerves upon rich, nourishing blood and
there will be |no more I nervousness. | Nerves
are made strong by purify ing the blood with -
Hood's
Sarsaparilla
The Best— ln fact The One True Blood Purifier. 1
; Hood's Pills cure L'ver Ills; easy to; take, '
easy to operate. 2So.
. • ■ ...■■■ . ■ .-- ■ . .-......■■ ;, 1
ness to leave at ouceto help King George.
There are fifty or more in this section who
will not hesitate to go forward as soon as
the result of the ultimatum is known.
LOCAL GREEKS RESPOND
One Hundrei aaJ Fifty Ready
to Return and Fight Against
Turkey.
All Ovr the United States Strtj cts
Promptly Volunteer to AU
Kiaz Gjorge-
From the Atlantic to the Pacific the
Greek residents of this continent are in
spired by one all-powerful desire, and that
is to respond without delay to their coun
try's appeal for the assistance of her sons
whether at home or abroad.
Nowhere, perhaps, are the Greeks more
eager to obey the call than in this City,
though as stated in yesterday's issue a
dearth of ready money prevents the ma
jority from immediately returning to their
native land. But the leading members
of the colony, in the persons of M. D.
Vanvales, f. Vrettos, Demetrak, Damiara
kis, Fundas, the brothers Demetriadis and
Kosta, as well as the Hellenic Society as a
whole, are determined to overcome this
seeming obstacle with as little delay as
possible, and the fact that yesterday was
Sunday did not deter them Irom taking
energetic action.
Early in the afternoon Messrs. Vrettos
and Fundas called upon August Gous
tiaux, the acting Greek Consul at this
port, and after a brief consultation between
these gentlemen it was determined tocom
municate with Hon. D. N. Botassi, the
Greek Consul-General at New York, and
inform him of the situa;ion in tiiis City.
Vrettos, who is a member of the Grecian
army reserve and a recognized leader of
the local patriotic movement, stated au
thoritatively that, in the event of trans
portation being provided, at least 150 0/
his countrymen in San Francisco would
j in the recruits who are hastening to New
York from all parts of the United States.
Acting Consul Goustiaux fully coincided
with the suggestions of Vrettos and Fun
da^, and ten minutes later the following
laconic but significant message was speed
ing along the wires to the Consul-General
at New York: ,
Hon. D. A". Bottassi, Greek Consul-General, New
York: About 150 Greeks intend to leturn.
■\Ynat do yoli advise?
Augcst Goustiaux, Acting Consul.
Vrettos feels confident that the Consul-
General will lose no time in arranging
with the railway companies to transport
the recruits to New York at special rates,
and that it sufficient funds cannot be
raised locally the home Government will
see fit to defray part at least of the ex
pense. If the assistance of the Greeks in
this country i 3 worth having at ali it is
certainly worth paying for, and there is
no logical reason to doubt that the home
Government is prepared for a contingency
of this nature.
The excitement among the Greeks in
this City is now raised to fever heat.
Vrettos, himself a man of massive propor
tions, weighing 265 pounds, and like most
persons of his avoirdupois ordinarily
rather phlegmatic, found it difficult to
express his feelings.
"Already," said he, "the Greeks in
New York have started to leave for
Greece and we chafe at the unavoidable
delay here. The Greek paper, Atlantis,
helped to defray the cost of transporta
tion by raising a special fund of $1000.
Unfortunately our countrymen here are
comparatively poor and we are likely to
experience some difficulty in paying for
our own Dassage. But lam satisfied that
the Consul-General w:ll act immediately,
because the number of recruits available
all over the West will certainly make it
worth his while to do so. We were pretty
well excited before, but a direct appeal
from our king has aroused us to a pitch of
enthusiasm which no temporary difficul
ties can quell."
Acting Consul Gonstiaux bag occupied
that position since 1894, when the former
Consul, Paviides. left San Francisco. Mr.
Goustiaux is a Frenchman by birth, but
is none the less ardently in symDathy
with the cause of the Greek and Cretan
patriots.
"I have just been reading The Call,"
he said yesterday, "and am greatly inter
este i in the news that the Consul-General
is communicating with the Greek Consuls
in every part of America. As yet, how
ever, I have not received any instructions
from headquarter--.
''NfC^sxarily, lam strongly in sympathy
with the Greeks in their projected strug
gle against Turkey and would like to see
Greece and Crete united. Several years
• . , STEW TO-DAT. ' *
WASTE OF _VITAL FORCE
TN MEN HAS DRAINIDTHE SWEETNFSS
X from millions of lives It nnhts men for busi-
ness or pleasure and makes lite loathsome to those
who suffer from it. If you would be strong in
mind and body; if you would throw off the fetters
of wreiciiedness camed by early abuse and the
mistakes of your life let us explain to you how it
can be done In Nature's own way— by rronenv
applied ELECTRICITY. - This Is the essence of
vital force, and when infused into the body b ■
DR. SANDKN'S ELKCTRIU BKLT it will re-
new the : vigor in the weakened functions and
restore manhood. -^ .' .
DX. S \ NJ) K.N S KXECTRIC BELT, with im-
proved electric Suspensory, cures Nervous De-
bility, Lame Buc;. Loss of Memory! Confusion of
Iduas. i.lieumuiiim and Kidney Troubles. Re-
stores vital power, stops air unii'mur*: waste, etc
Yon f el the current or we forfeit »5000.
A posttet edition of ; the cele rated electro-medi-
cal nork, '• • , • -
"THREE CLASSICS OF HEX,"
l l ™£ a Y "t?,*, free ' by mal • upon aDpication.
tVKRY Yii.NO. MIDDLE-AGr.U OR OLD
MAS. suffering th» : sll«£itest weakness should
read it It will, scow »n KASY, SURE and
JPKKDYWAY TO KKOAIN STRENGTH ANIT
HEALTH WHEN EVERYTHING KLSE HAS
* ailed. , Donhle power i.lectrio Suspensory free
with all belis., 'Address .. • ; v.-
-; BANDEN ELECTRIC CO., "
632 Market St., opp. Palace Hotel, San Francisco.
Office hours— B a. m. to 8 p. m : Sundays, 10 to 1.
Los Aneeles office. 204 South Broadway: Port-
lai.d, Or., '25 Washington Bt.; Denver, Colo
93s sixteen h st.
NOTE-Make No Mistake la the Number, 633
Market Stret- 1. Make note of it.
RUPTURE. DEN> . KljJß; , C ' rKlc TRUSS CUBES
DR.MGNDLTY7
m-^, nt % » f l vate,N>rvous,Ulofbd and Skin .
naewea of Me,, only - Mlllll y Power restore.!. Over
cure *t P Perie '% c - Send for Book - - i'atieuts
Tian •m l , om *,- Terms reasonable. Hours, uto 8
?inn^i2 :<<() to J W cv ss - Sundays, 10 to 12. Consalta-
tion free and sacredly conilUential. Call or address •
o«,, J* ROsroE Jiexiri/rv, m. ».,
86.^ Mcani.r Street, Man Franriicu, Cal.
/iWVDEWEV&CO^gV
ft .^patents! .:3.
ago I believed that this laudable ambuioa
was on the point of realization, but then
as now the great powers of Europe de
clared an ultimatum and Greece was com
pelled to submit. At the same time it y»
quits evident that the people themselves^
in every part of Europe would welcome '
the union of Greece and Crete.
"The various governments, however,
find themselves in an awkward position.
Should war ensue and the Turks be
driven from Europe, an attempt will
doubtless be made by oue or other of the
powers to seize a nortion if not all of Tur
key f<» itself. Now if the powers as
a whole do not protest again3t a war
which bids fair to hasten the parti
tion of Turkey, they can haidly ioifi
ally protest at a future stage of th;
game. They must put themselves
on record so to speak. So they now
feel called upon to protest against the
projected annexation of Crete by Gresce.
Perhaps, too, it is feared that the annexa
tion of Crete wouid indirectly tend to con
firm the English occupation of Egypt,
which at present is tacitly agreed to by
the powers.
"Of course these are merely my own
individual opinions. I have no other
sources of information than the general
public who read the daily papers."
Mr. Goustiaux is now awaiting a reply
to his telecram, which should ba acknowl
edged at an early date, though it will not
i>e possible for the Consul-Geueral to
make the necessary arrangements for
transportation without some little delay.
The Hellenic Society will hold an emer
gency meeting on Wednesday evening to
discuss the situution and contrive ways
and means to supplement if necessary the
action oi the authorities.
Seventy thousand vehicles enter London
in thf course of a <lay.
REV TO-DAT. \
Leaders
This Week.
Breakfast Sets
Very Pretty, and sach
r Cheap Prices.
EVERYBODY r\\ AFFORD O^E
M PIECES Pure White English A TP\
Porcelain, complete for six "I ■ I *-»
persons, quality warranted ' m
very be5t.......:....'. tm pr set
M PIECES Beautiful Summer-
time Decoration, Gold Enam- ■ C\C\
eled Handles and Gold Trim- • \J\J
mings, complete lor six per- fJ.
sons, warranted best quality. T^ pr set
PIECES Autumn Wild Flow-
sb 4* er Decoration, with Gold
I*ll Handles and Gold Trim- m QC
111 mings, very pretty, complete M • £*\J
V l# fur six persons, bust quality, U,
1 warranted I pr set
M PIECES Handsome Chrysan-
themum Decoration, Gold II- ■ 7c
lumluated, Gold Handles and M • I «J
Gold Trimmings, a real gem, U,
. .:. ■■. compete for six persons...... ■ Pr sat
. PIECES Apple Blossom Deco- , ». . -
M ration, Handles and Trlra- "*•*'■■-"■■
mings in Gold, complete for a "7C
six persons, rich and hand- l?« I %J
some, quality warranted very Tt
be5t....... V pr so '.
t n • . ■■ ' ■'.•' '
Tea, Dinner and
Breakfast Sets.
Newest .:^'.-^-\ -—'-: - , ■■; .^i;^,;:;.;
Shapes, . Richest Decorations,
Winning Pries.
Given Free:
A ice Present to Each Customer.
OPERATING
100 STORES
ENABLES US TO SELL
Very Cheap.
Great Am erican lmp brtina; Tea Co.
MONEY SAVING STORES:
1344 Market st. 146 Ninth st.
3510 Mission st- 318 Third st.
14* Sixth st. 3008 Fillmore St.
617 Kearny st. 965 Market st.
1419 Polk at. 3006 Sixteenth ft*
c?i Montgomery mtu. 104 Second st.
M 3 Hayes st. 3285 Mission st.
[ 93 Market St. (Headquarters , S. P.
rogj Washington et. 616 G. Twelfth st.
Ui San Pablo aye. 917 Broadway, Oaklaai
, - 1355 Park at.. Alameda.
PROBATE SALE REAL ESTATE.
ESTATE OP JULIA HORRISON, DECEASED. .
AT AUCTION, ■ 41
Wedne5day............. March 10. 1897, "
■-.* --^' -• At 12 o'clock m. at. the salesroom of '
BOVEE, TOY & SONNTAG,
Real Estate Agents and . Auctioneers,
' 30 Montgomery St., opp. Lick House.
/2OQ-634 SACRAMENTO ST., NORTH srDR,
JjijZi 137:6 ft. east of Kearny, east 3i:4i/ 3 x
119:6, ; through to Commcrcia-. with Improve-
ments mere on, consixting of a 3-stors* and base-
ment brick building renting for $210 per month.
Ql A VALENCIA ST.. W. SIDK, 105 SOUTH
CMV'of aoth, lot 35x1 1(T tt.; Improvements
thereon, 8-story frame huluilng rentlntr for $100
per montn. This property has a great future ani
will enhance in value.
OT ON NORTH BIDJS OP LOMBARD ST.,
i J 137:6 loet ensi of Buchanan, ea« 54x137:0
feet: tail Is a fine lot to build on, having a good
view. 1 ; ■. ■" t :- ■ ■ ■' \ ■■ ■■■ ■„
FILLMORK-ST. LOT, EAST SIDK, 85 • FKET
Jj - north qf Lombard, thence : north 5-:6 feet,
east 137 feet. '■■uth >S7:B f^et to the nor. h side
of • Lombard, ■ thence ' west - 7:8 feet on l.ombart,
i thence north 86 feet, w si. 110 feet to cut slde'ot
Flllmore. , .' . •■ , ■■;.■■
GItRRNWICH - ST. LOT, SOUTH RIDE,
152:5 5- -6 feet wen of Buchanan, wes*.l22:7x
120 vest through to Plxley St.; this 10. is ready to
build on and iiueiy located. - •-
pHESTXDT-ST. L<T. SOUTH SrDE. 137:6
\J feet east of Laguna; size 68:9x137 :B feet; 1-1 tf
Interest > t
'■('"* KEEN WICH-ST. LOT, SOUTH SIDE, 162:6
\X feet west of Gough St., west 75 by 110 feet. .,- ..
T AQUNA-ST. -BEING THE NORTH-
Ij : west corner of : Lombard st., size 30x110 feet;
one-sixteenth interest. - - " ■'
; ALSO IN AND TO AN UNDIVIDED INTER-
A. est held by toe above estate In a certain tract
of land, situated. in ihe'Ciiy and County of Ba.i A
Francisco and known as the Jttlcketi claim. .' t - #
All sales subject to confirmation of '
Probate Court. • ■'■-' ?y\ • ;. ..
BOVEE, TOY & BONNTAQ,
Real Esiato Agents and Auctioneer!,
- 1 :i .30 MODigomery st,. opp. Lick House. .
— . .
1COILS TIGHTEN ABOUT THE FAKERS
Hearst's Long Green and His
Gang Must Produce Private
Telegraph Messages.
— *
Employes of the San Francisco "New
Journal" Scavenger Will Be Exposed
Before the Bribery Investi
gating Committee.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., March 7.— Ever
since being ieft without a foot to stand
upon in its charges of wholesale bribery
against the members of the Legislature,
the Examiner, through its tnuravirate
of attorneys, has been howling for the
t -ociuction of telegrams, "in the tele-
J{ praph oflice," said its 'knightly' advocate
to the committee, "you will find a mine
of information. In the messages filed
with the West m Union and the Postal
Telegraph companies, gentlemen, you
will find food for refaction and matter
that will make interesting reading."
Everybody, of course, understood that
this was only one of the gentleman's elo
quent Dluffs, delivered with a simulation
of impassioned vehemence that took noth
ing from the attorney's reputation as an
orator.
No one expected that either committee
would give any serious consideration to ,
the proposition, and the issuance of the
drag-net subpena yesterday by the chair- i
man of the Senate committee was as much
a surprise to the Examiner people as it
was to the general public.
But having once departed from the well
established Jaw in reference to such mat
ters, the committee deemed it only rieht
to be consistent, and to-day issued an
other subpena on Superintendent Jaynes
of the Western Union Telegranh Com- !
pany, which is, however, it is only fair to
state, more within the spirit and letter of
the law than that demanded by and
granted to ihe Examiner's attorneys. It
reads as follows:
Senate Chamber, Sackamento, Cal.,)
March 7. 1897. \
To Frank Jaynes, Superintendent Western
Union Telegraph Company, San Francisco, Cal. :
You are hereby directed and commanded to
be and appear before the Senate committee
appointed by the resolution of tbe Senate of
the State of O.li'ornia, on Monday, the Ist
day of March, 1397, and which committee was
appointed and directed to investigate into the
charges made by the San Francisco Examiner
in its' issue of February "7, 1897, In regard to
bribery of members of the Senate in relation
to Asit mbl;- bill 273, on Mondny, the Bth day
pf Me.rcli, 1897, at 10 o'clock a. M, in room
I<> of the Capitol building at Sacra
mento for the purpose of giving
testimony la the matter of the investi
gation above referred to aud affecting the
contents of thnt certain article printed and
p :b'.i.=hed on the 27th day of February, 1897,
ie the S -n Francisco Daily Examiner, a daily
newspaper printed and published in the City
and County of San Francisco. State of Califor
nia, and which said article was and is headed
"Bribery in Aid of Thievery," and you are also
directed and required to bring with you and
have at the said time and piece and to present
to the said committee all telegrams in your
possession or under your control that have
been sent to or received by or sent by W. R.
Hearst, L. L. Levings, I. Alexander, A. M. Law
rence. Al Murphy or Franklin Hichborn, or
either of them, between the 11th day of Feb
ruary, 1897, aud the 7th day of March, 1897,
referring in any manner to Assembly bill No.
273, or to the article ia the Examiuer above
referred to, or to the present investigation
being heid under the resolution aforesaid.
Witness, my hand as chairman of said com
mittee, and this subpena is issued in pur
suance of an order of said committee at Sacra
mento this 7th day of March, A. D. 1897.
J. H. Dickinson, Chairman.
This document, it will be observed, calls
for the telegrams between the persons
named for a period of only twenty-four
days, whereas t^e subpenas issued on the
request of the Examiner's attorneys ask<
that telegrams D 3 produced for a period
covering sixty days.
Service was made on Superintendent
Jaynes by telegraph, as was done in the
case of the other.
It is hoped by means of this subpena to
obtain the information, if there is any in
existence, on which was based the article
in the Examiner of February 27, without
involving any one connected with the
Exaoiner in a breach of confidence or a
violation ot his word of honor. If inci
dentally these messajres should confirm
the now generally accepted opinion, that
kthe charges of bribery emanated in the
;'in-cocktail befuddled brain of one of the
attaches of the faking scavenger journal,
as was intimated by Attorney Knight, or
reveal the fact that it was a deliberate
falsehood published for some ulterior mo
tive, that would be the misfo une of the
Examiner, for he who fakes uould keep
nway from the **mine of information," so
that he may live to fake another day.
CONTEMPT OF WITNESSES.
Report to Be Made by the Commit
tee Invostlfratlner the Bribery
Chargres to the Senate.
SACRAMENTO. Cat.., March 7.— ln or
der that no time misht be lost in the
investigation of the bribsry charges made
Tjy the Examiner, the Senate investigating
committee worked all dny to-day prepar
ing its report on the contempt of A. M.
Lawrence, the Examiner's managing ed
itor, Al Murphy and L. L. Levines, two
of the correspondents of the Examiner.
Tbis report, it is understood, will be
submitted the first thing after the real ing
of the journal in the morning. The report
ii as follows:
.Mr. President: We, the undersigned, your
committee to whom was referred the Investi
gation ot the charge of bribery made against
. the Senate of the State of California ©1 the
thirty-second session, with full power to act in
the premises and to issue subpenas and bring
* witnesses before it and examine them as 10
the facts, or the purported facts, set forth in
Ea(d charges, beg leave to report:
• That in pursuance of tno resolution unanf
.l ir.ously adopted in the fcennte on the Ist of
.' March", 1897, and under which wo were ap
pointed, we undertook to maks »*id investiga
. lion, aid held a meeting for the purpose of
examining witnesses on the sth day of
March, 1807, in room 16 in the Capitol build
ltiKof this State, at the hour of 7:30 o'clock
r. M., the said sth day of March.
" That prior to that time we Jiad caused sub
penas to t>e issued for various witnesses and
the same hud been duly and regularly served,
and the witnesses were" present and appeared
. before- your, committee, among whom were
•' A. 41. Lawrence, the supervising editor of the
San Francisco Examiner, in which paper the
charges of bribery appeared, and also Al Mur
phy. «ho was and i^ a correspondent of the
San Francisco Daily Examiner from the State
Capitol, and a so L. L. Levings, who was and is
a correspondent of the San Francisco Daily
Examiner and tie repu'ed nu:hor of the arti
cle headed "Bribery in Aid of Thievery," pub-
I l:she<l in the s«n Francisco Daily Examiner on
I the 'J7th of February, 1897, upon which said
article the resolution appointing yourcommit
j tee was made.
That upon lhe-hearing of said charges and
the examination of said witnesses on said sth
day of March, 1807. ihi said A. M. Lawrence
was duly sworn and after slating under oath
\ that he was ihe editor of the Sin Francisco
; Daily Examiner and had read th_> article in
question, your committee in furtherance of
the interests lor which it was appointed and
desirous of securing the information from Mr.
Lawrence in regard to the publication of said
article, through Senator Morenotise, feting as
counsel for the Senate, propounded the
following questions and the following an
swers were given and the proceedings took
place as herein stated. Your committee,
Through Senator Morehouse, propounded to
ssia A. M. Lnwrence the fo. lowing questions:
Question by Senator Storehouse— Did you
i have or see any writings independent of a tele- <
graphic iiispatch or dispatches concerning the !
article :n question?
This question was objected to by counsel for
I witness, and the objection being overruled.
Senator Morehouse propounded the following
question: Did you have any writing concern
ing this articleother than the telegraphic dis
patcher? which question was objected to by
counsel for witness, and the objection being
overruled by your committee, witness
Riisweredas follows: A.— l had no other in
formation.
Question by Senator Morehouse— Other in
formation in writing? A.— l decline to tell
j you.
Senator Morehouse— l insist on an answer.
A.— Yes.
Question by Senator Morehouse— From
wiiom? Which" question was objected to, and
your committee overruled the objection, and
thereupon renator Morehouse repeated the
question, as follows: "From whom?" A.— l
aeciine to answer.
Question by Senator Morehouse— Where is
that writing now? Which question was ob
jected to, n:id the chairman oi tne committee
! directed the witness to answer, which he de
! ciined to do; thereupon Senator Morehouse
' propounded the following question: "Where
,is the writing now!" A.— l have not the re
■ inotest idea.
I Question— What did you do with itT An
swer—l destroyed it or threw it away.
' Q.— How did you destroy that, Mr. Law
i re nee? A.— l decline to answer.
Q —The contents of the writing, did it or did
it not have relation to the suoject maper of
! the tfrticie printed in the Sun Francisco Daily
Examiner last Saturday headed "Bribery in
] Aid of Thievery"? which question the witness
' declined to answer. Thereupon Senator More
i house asked the witness whai was the con
-1 tents of the writing which he had destroyed or
! thrown away, and the witness declined to
answer the question or to give any infor
i mation o: tlie contents of the paper or
document which he had destroyed or thrown
I away or ihe source irom which he derived
it, and your committee report that as
[ ihe San Francisco Daily Exs miner has made
' the charges set forth in the article hereinbefore
; referred to, and was supposed to have and are
: presumed to have the information in their
i possession upon which the article is based,
and that it cannot proceed further with the
exnniination of said witness un:il the further
'■ action of this Senate in their belialf.
And upon the said examination of witnesses
iso held as aforesaid, on the sth day of
\ March, 1897, said witness, Al Murphy, was
. placed u^on tue witness-stand, and, after
! being duly sworn, he testified that he was
' connected with the ban Francisco Daily Ex
■ aminer, and a correspondent ior that paper.
Among other things, the following proceedings
were had :
| Question or Sena'or Morehouse— Do you
I know ot your own kuowledge of any cominu
-1 mention irom the city of SHcramento to any
person connected witn the Examiner either on
■ last Saturday or two weeks or ten days prior
to that time? Witness— Of any personally?
Senator Seawall— Yes. \N itness — Would that
include iuysell?
Q.— lf you sent any communication to the
• Examiner? A.— Of any communication that I
i might have seen? I do not think I can answer
■ that question unless Mr. Hearst consents to
I my doing so.
Q— Did you see auy communication written
i by any person connected with the Examiner
! which" you know of your own knowledge to
; have bJen forwarded to that paper concerning
I the subject matter in question? A.— l shall
| have to decline to answer that question for
! tha same reason Riven. Ido not desire to be
I in contempt of the committee, but I shall have
! to decline to answer :he question under these
circumstances.
Senator Seawell— l understand that you re
fuse to answer unless released by the manager.
A.— Tn;it is it, Senator.
Mr. Chairman— The ruling is made upon the
question submitted. Witness— l refuse to au
swer that.
Mr. Chairman— That is not the question.
Senator Morehouse— The only purpose of the
question is to find out who furnished the in
lormatiun. that is all.
Mr. McEnerney— We have stated our posi
tion in the matter and will adhere to It.
Senator Morehouse— l will asx you, Mr.
Murphy, if you iti>ew who was the author of
tlie article headed "Bribery in Aid of Thiev
ery," published in the San Francisco Exam
iner? A.— l do not know absolutely. 1 can
guess, but I do not know absolutely. I can
tell more or less by the style of the article. I
tliiaK 1 know, but I could not say positively.
Ana your committee reports that it will be
thus seen that your committee cannot proceed
further with the examination ot' snid witness
for the reason that he, the said witness, the
same as the said A. M. Lawrence, refuses to
answer questions pertinent to the issu-j or to
furnish toy oiircomitiittee information claimed
to be in the possession of the San Francisco
Examiner.
And on the said sth day of March, 1897, at
the time and place aforesaid, your committee
had belore it as a witness L. L. Levings, also n
reporter and curresiiondent of the San Fran
cisco Daily Examiner, and lifter he was duly
sworn end testified as to his relation to the
San Franc-isco jjaily Examiner, the following
occurred during the course of said examina
tion :
Question by Senator Morehouße— Do you
know of your own knowledge of any telegram
sent by any member of the Senate or received
by any member of the Senate to influence his
vote for or azainst or to withhold nis vote on
Assembly bill 273? A.— l shall decline to
answer mid wish to explain.
Mr. Chairman— >tate your reasons. I sug
gest that y>u answer the question.
Senator Morehouse— Why do you decline to
answer? A.— Because should it be within my
knowledge "f any telegram having passed be
tween members of the Senate and persons out
side relative to this matter, and 1 should be
required to answer as to my knowledge, I
would be violating the confidence that would
not only ruin me as a newspaper man, but
would be giving away Information that be
longs to my employers, which my employers
pay .'or, and which is their property and not
mine.
Mr. Chairman— lt Is the sense of the com
mittee that the explanation is not sufficient,
the question will be repeated to him, and
tliereupon the reporter repeated the question
aforeN«id, and lho witness said: "I ask per
mission to have time to answer, and would
like <o make further explanation in order that
t lie committee m*y not think lam acting ar
bitrarily." The question was thereupon re
peated to the witness, and the witness an
swered, "I uec'iiie to answer."
And your committee hereby reports that it
trill be seen that the more said witnesses, all
of whora are connected with the San Fran
cisco Examiner, refuse and decline to answer
the questions propounued to tuem relative to
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, MARCH 8, 1897.
the subject matter contained In the said
article so published in the San Francisco
Daily Examiner or to Rive this committee any
informtttion in their possession concerning or
relatlne to the vote of tlie Senators on As
sembly bill 273 or relating to the charge of
bribery ramie in the said article so published
in the "said San Francisco Daily Ext.miner on
the morning of the 27th day of February,
1897.
And your committee begs leave to report
that in their opinion the said witnesses are
guilty of con tempt of this Sennte, and by their
refusal to obey the orders of this Senate or to
answer questions propounded to them relevant
to the issue of such investigation are guilty of
contemnt of this Senate, and resp-ctfully re
quests mat the Sergeant-at-Arms of tliis
Senate be authorised and empowered to sub
pena the said witnesses and that they be
brought before the bar of the. Senate and that
your committee, through its counsel, Senator
Morehouse, be permitted to propound the said
questions which they, the said witnesses, have
heretofore refused to answer, and that the
said witnesses Le examined at such time as
may be designated by resolution ot this Sen
ate, and upon the failure of the said witnesses
:o answer the said questions tnat the said wit
nesses be adjudged guilty of contempt of this
Semite end that they be punished in such
manner as the Senato by resolution may
direct.
Immediately upon the adoption of the
foregoing report a resolution citing the re
calcitrant witnesses before the bar of the
Senate for contempt will be introduced.
This resolution will give the witnesses the
opportunity to purge themselves and the
right to counsel, and the attorneys will be
allowed to argua the matter, for half an
hour.
Should the Senate rind them fruilty of
contempt a resoiution will be at once sub
mitted prescribing the punishment tor
the witnesses. It is probable that in place
of the Senate beinc Rsketl to s-end them at
once to jail, as was at lira? thought would
be done, a line of $500 will be im posed on
each witness, with the alternative of 250
days' imprisonment in the County Jail.
It is wcjl known that the Examiner's
policy is to place every possible obstruc
tion in the way of the investigation com
mittee, in the hope that the investigation
will drag on until the day of adjournment
sine die, and that tlie mailer will then be
dropped. Such a contingency has oeen
anticipated by the committee, and should
ihe investigation not be completed when
the Legislature concludes its present ses
sion a special Lexow committee will be
appointed by the Seuate of holdover Sen
ators to conciude the investigation and
remain in existence until the next Legis
lature meets.
Tbis move will also keep any recalci
trant witnesses, who may be sentenced to
imprisonment, in jail until they have
served me sentence imposed by the in
vestigation committfe oi the Senate.
jonxsrox mix j>erelict.
So Far Nothing Lomem Out of the Print-
1117 Invmtlgafiotl.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., March 7.— The
joint committee on investigation into the
affairs of the State Printer broke Sunday
by remaining in session the whole day
and part of the evening.
Nothing was discovered that tsnded to
show that State Primer Johnston had been
derelict as a State official, and he ex
plained how the apparent deficiency came
about. He said that in the forty-seventh
fiscal year he paid deficiencies of the forty
sixth fiscal year. The items wore: Legis
lative printing, forty-sixth fiscal year,
$J8,U03; permanent material, $6950; re
pairs, printing, etc., $5048; stock, $15,698;
insurance, $1342;; remainder, $2136. He
had always considered as applying to
waces paid in changing the bindery.
Dickinson pointed out that the alleged
deficiency as stat»d in the Governor's
mesxaee was $51,293, and for the stock
$12,000, the adued total would be $63,079.
H«* wanted to know how that happened.
Johnston replied tuat it wou.d not
make any difference whether he made
arbitrary charges or not. His accounts
balanced perfectly with the Controller's.
His books fhowed in detail the work done
and its cost.
Caminetti wanted to know how Johns
ton could account for me alleged de
ficiency of $2130 in his report and in his
subsequent account.
Johnston replied that $3000 was the
estimated cost of moving the bindery and
the composing-rooms. He kept no record
of orders, but they came back in the
formed bills. The charges against the
iieni of legislative printing are the cost of
the work. He could not be exact as to
the arbitrary charges in his report. His
books would show the real amount. All
the stocK used in legislative printing was
not legislative stcck.
Senator Gillette evidently became tired
of the pecking of (Jaminetti at little
things and suggested that tlie serious
charge made by tne Governor as to a
shortage of $50,000 should be examined
into.
"If there is anything wrong," he said,
"let it be exposed. It looks as if some
body wanted to make political capital out
of it."
The Senator added that ono of the mem
bers of the committee had acted as if he
were prosecuting attorney, Senator Sea
well had admitted that
Caminetti hotly denied that he was
prosecutor. Seawell had designated him
as a prosecutor, but that was through
force of habit. He was ready to go as lar
as anyone in vindicating Johnston.
Senator Seawell said that he had not
meant to designate Caminetti as a prose
cutor or as biased against Johnston in any
way.
Price called attention to the fact that
Senator Seawell had frequently spoken of
party votes. Caminetti was fortified witli
forty or fifty typewritten questions, ana
he had a tabulated statement which he
had tried to force into the report for the
purpose of making political thunder.
Cuminetli rattier hotly replied that no
one could impugn his motives. He would
rise up on the floor of the House and re
sign if such charges were to be ;ontinued
against him. Ho denied that he said to
Senator Gillette that he had Johnston on
the gridiron to-night ana that he would
have him again to-morrow. It wan his
duty to inquire about the $50,000 dis
crepancy.
Senator Gillette remarked that it was
not the duty of a Judge to go around talk
ing about people wl>o were to be tried be
fore him. Caminetti dec ared he would
resign from the committee, and Price ex
pressed his willingness to kiss and make
up, but t!ie rii'ry man from Amador re
plied that he would neither be kissed nor
cajoled.
\V. 11. Taylor, who worked in the State
printing office several years ago, informed
the committee as to the routine work of
the office. He was asked whether lie had
not I.een appointed to the office at the in
stance of Frank Ilhoads, the political
boss of Sacramento, but he had been ap
pointed by Johnston hims-lf. He had
known of men being laid off for the pur
poso of attending primary elections.
Dickinson asked the witness concerning
certain statements he (Taylor) hnd made
in his report, to the Governor. Taylor re
plied that those statements were made on
hearsay, and were not authentic or offi
cial. This -witness made a very poor im
pression on the committee, and his own
statements shattered the v;ilu9 of the
slipshod report made by him to the Gov
ernor.
"Do you think that Johnston is as com
petent"a State Printer as any of his prede
cessors?" asked Dennery.
"I decline to answer that question un
less I am forced to do so," replied the
witness.
At 10:45 p. m. the committee adjourned
uulil3:3or. m. to-morrow.
EycOVAXJmii ARK ii QUEST,
Cuban Lieutenant- Governor of I'inar del
Jiio Captured.
HAVANA. Cuba, M.ircii 7.— The forces
of General Hul iav have had several en
counters with the rebels near Guiro and
other Dlaces in the province of Santa Clara.
The Government reports as usual that the
insurgents were defeated and dispersed.
The Josses of the rebels are s;iid to have
been heavy, though only fnur of their dead
were found.
The troops lost a captain and a private
killed and a lieutenant and twenty-five
privates wounded. While in pursuit of
the rebels the troops burned a number of
plantations and prefectures and the house
of the insurgent leader Alamsin.
The official reports show that in engage
ments in other provinces sixty-nine rebels
were killed and one captured. The troops
lost in these engagements twenty
wounded.
A Spanish force has enptured the rebel
Lieutenant-Governor of P.nar del Rio.
LISTENS TO GRANT'S OLD PASTOR.
President Res's From the Week's Fa-
tigues and Attends the Methodist
Episcopal Church.
WASHINGTON, D. C, March 7.—Presi
dent McKinley's first Sunday in the
White House was a quiet one. No callers
were received and the President had an
opportunity of Testing from the fatigues
of the week. He rose later than usual,
mr.cu refreshed from a hard day's work
on Saturday. Breakfast was served at 10
o'clock, after which he prepared for
churcn, and. accompanied by his mother,
attended services at the Methodist Episco
pal Church where President Grant was
accustomed to attend. As the President's
intention had been announced the crowd
was very large, and the President and his
venerable mother had considerable trouble
in makinc their way from the sidewalk to
the cSinrcfa vestibule.
The President was shown to what is
called the Presidential pew. The other
occupants Were hia mother, Abner Mc-
Kinley, his brother, and Private Secretary |
and Mrs. Porter.
Rev. Dr. Johnson, the pastor, formerly
of Canada, opened the services by prayer,
and the Rt. Rev. Bishop Newman of
Omaha, Neb., formerly the ;:is;or of the
church when General Grant was Presi
dent, preacbed the sermon. The sacred
ediiice was crowded, the aisles were all
tilled, and many could not gain admit
tance.
Bishop Newman took for hia text: "I
have not come to call the righteous, but
I sinners to repentance." From this text
tho preached an eloquent discourse. Good
laws, good government, knowledge and
I philanthropy, the pastor said, wer-* all
good, but would not be sufficient. "Sack
lirst the king torn of h'-aven," bo said, "is
the first and last principle of political
i economy."
When the distinguished party left the
church the crowd was so great that the
police iiad to clear the way. As President
McKinley passed with his mother on his
arm the crowd cheered and tne President
doffed his hat several times. Entering
the carriage the party drove at once to
the White House.
Mrs. McKinley, the President's wife,
was so fatigued that she could not attend
church with her husband.
Aff r returning to the executive man
sion the President remained quietly in
doors until after neon, when he took a
short walk with a friend, returning from
which he spent the remainder of tae day
with the members of his family.
Vice-President Hobart and wife at
tended services at the Church of the Cove
nant, the Rev. Dr. Hamlm preaching the
sermon; Secretary of War Ah r er, wife and
daughter, at the New York Avenue Pre«
byterinn Church, the Rev. Dr. Radcliffe
delivering the discourse; Secretary Lon^
and daughter at All Souls Church, the
Rsv. Dr. Leavitt preaching the sermon,
and Secretary McKer.na attended St.
Matthew's Church, at which Rsv. Father
Lee preached.
COJtBEIT LEA V KS PVJRTLAJiJ).
'Jhe Senator Confld~nt That He Will He
Given Hit Heat.
PORTLAND, Or., March 7.— Hon. H.
W. Corbett, who wa3 appointed United
States Senator by Governor Lord yester
day, to fill the vacancy caused by the ex
piration of John H. Mitchell's term, left
for Washington to-night, accompanied by
his wife. Regarding the possibility of his
not being seated Mr. Corbett said:
"I am advised that the precedents are
all in favor of seating an appointee, pro
vided the legislature is not in session when
the vacancy cccuis. Tho language of the
constitution seems to me to be clear and
unequivocal on this question. Ii seated,
I shall assist in carrying out the pledges
contained in tho St. Louis platform."
Atlnnr.tril Suicide at Fretno.
FRESNO, Cal., March 7.— Deputy Sheriff
F. c:cott, a brother of Sheriff Jay Scott,
made an unsuccessful attempt to commit
suicide this evening. He toolc a dose of
cocaine, but was discovered in time and
his life was saved. The deputy had been
drinking and was much the worse of
liquor. A few months ago he tried to end
his life by shutting himself up and turn
ing the gaa on in a juryroom at the court
house. He was drunk at that time also.
Tiie young officer makes hard attempts at
leaving the festiva bowl alone, but every
few months he yields. Then, when he
becomes drunk, lie feels the remorse so
deeply that it leads him to try to end his
existence.
Jitnt* a Santa Cruz -Xewtpaper.
SANTA CRUZ, Cal., March 7.— W. A.
Smith, proprietor of the Pacific luessen
ger, published in this city, has purchased
the Penny Press of Carroll Carrington.
Mr. Carrington has been owner of tiie
paper for nearly a year. He will return
to San Francisco to engage in newspaper
work there. Mr. Smith i* a successful
publisher, who brings lo the paper that
sort of business experience that should
make it a Buccess. Lewis H. Eddy, for
merly of San Francisco, will be enlaced
as editor. The pap«r was established by
Phil Francis two years ago, and is very
popular throughout the county.
Candidate* /or City Officn.
SANTA CLAKA, Cal., Aiarch 7.— At a
caucus of citizens last evening the follow
ing nominations were made lor the town
election to be held on April 5: Town
Trustees— N. S. Jnckson and J. C. Me-
Pherson. School Trustees — C. E. Moore,
L. Kimberlin and Dr. Gallup. Town
Treasurer— L. W. Starr. Town Clerk— o.
A. R. Saunuers. Marshal — John Lsvell.
Mnitetlo Accident Jiciulta Fatally.
MODESTO, Cal., March 7. — Henry
Moyle, aged 18 years, who was run over
by a 1000-pound road-roller near here Fri
day aiternoon, died this morning. Young
Muyia was thrown in front of toe roller
by a runaway team.
BURIED UNDER
SLIDING SNOW
Four Miners at Park City
Crushed Beneath an
Avalanche.
Death Comes Upon Them Sud
denly as They Sleep in
Their Cabin.
The Fate of the Victims Almost
Shared by an Equil Number
of Their Companions.
SALT LAKE, Utah. March 7.— A dis
astrous snowslide swept down cany this
morning upon the works of the Daly mine
at Park City, burying eight men under its
crushing volume. Four of the men were
recovered ana resuscitated; the dead
bodies of three were dug out by the
miners, and one is not yet recoverod, al
though it is certain he is dead, as twelve
hours have elapsed since he was en*
tombed.
The names of the dendare: James W.
Keating, N. Rus«atto, Nicholas Paifin and
Joseph Zucca. Tne iatter's body has not
yet been lound. • '
The four men who are alive were more
or less in jured, although they are litcely
to recover. Their names are: Thomas
Hodges, Harry Pinney, James Hallman
and Charles Mathison.
The eight men were asleep when the
avalanche struck their cabin, and carried
it and everything else in its path for hun
dreds of feet, until it reached the mill of
the Daly Mining Company, demolishing
the engines, boilers and doing damage to
the extent of probably $50,000.
The dead men were mineis and all had
families except Russatto. The bodies when
dug out were mangled almost beyond rec
ognition.
John Mackinaw had $5000 in greenbacks,
cold and notes in a trunk in the cabin
which was swept away, and crowds of peo
ple are digging in the hope of recovering
the money.
Half a dozen snowslides of smaller di
mensions have taken place at the Park
to-day, but none of them were attended
by fatal results. The mountains surround
ing the city are full of Bnow, in some
places to a depth of forty leer, and other
disasters are looked for, as the weather is
mild and thawing.
FIND A BABE IN THEIR CARRIAGE.
Rancher Bixby and Wife of Santa Ana
Come Into Possession of a
Foundling.
LOS ANGELES, Cxt,., March 7.—
Rancher George Bixby and wife of Orange
County had an experience yesterday even
ing which they will not soon forget.
They were in Santa Ana during the day,
and their shopping kept them in town
until between 8 and 9 o'clock in the even
ing. Their team was bitched across the
street from the county office, and their
surprise came when they bad gone to the
carriage to start home.
Mrs. Bixby heard a slieht noise under
the seat of the vehicle and upon reach
ing down felt a small bundle that evi
dently had some life about it. She called
her husband, and a hasty examination
was made. In tho dim liglu from the
stores a pretty, round-faced, plump boy
baby was discovered. The infant had a
new rubber nipple in its mouth and ap
peared to be in a rather stupefied condi
tion. It was well dressed — in fact, it was
in costly attire, and had the appearance
o: having been well cared for in every
way.
Alter the finders recovered somewhat
from the shock the officers were notified.
The infant was taken home by Mr. and
Mrs. Bixby and is being cared for. In
speaking of the case to-day Sheriff
Nichols said the child had apparently
been drugged when it was put into the
bugiiy, so that it would make no outcry,
it being the intention of the person
placing the babe there to have it lemain
(,uiet until Mr. and Mrs. Bixbv were well
onthflirway home. Neither the officers
nor Mr. and Mrs. Bixby have the slight
est clew as to the identity of the child,
p.s there was nothing about its clothes to
give an intimation as to its parentage.
J.VS AXOUJjKS UECM'XIOir.
Order of the Eastern Star Greets the
Grand Hor'/ty Matron.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., March 7.— Acacia
Chapter Nc. 21, Order of the Eastern Star
of this city, tendered a reception to Mrs.
Ella T. Hall, grand worthy matron of
California, ai the Masonic Temple last
r.ight. In addition to conferring degrees
on six candidates, a delightful social ser
vice was held. The hall was decorated
with callas and acacias.
Among tnose nresent, beside the mem
bers, were: Elizabeth Ashman, Addie J.
Pessell, Barau Wood, Leila Roberts, Wini
fred Axtell, Lolii" Orr, R. G. Livingston
and Anna M. Walker of South Gate
Chapter; Mnry McKnight and Leola V.
Clayton, Hermosa Chapter, Santa Ana;
Josie E. Jones, Lynda Chapter, Salt Lake
City; Mary Jackson, Electro Chapter,
Modesto; Isabella Vawter, Santa Monica;
Mrs. Darbleit, Syracuse, N. V. ; Miss M.
C. Mues, Tower City, N. I).; Mrs. Etta P.
Cornintr. Chicago; Mrs. Effa Cornintr,
Marshalltown, Iowa; Mr. and Mrs K. W.
Turner, Chamois, Nay. ; Leola V. Clay
ton, Santa Ana; Mr. ana Mrs. Thomas
Flint, San Juan; May Shaffer, Warts
burg.
At the conclusion of the ceremonies in
the lodgeroom tlie assemblage repaired to
the bnnquet-hall, where a fine repast was
served.
RABBI LEVY AT STANFORD.
" How or Never" the Theme Upon Which
Hs Disccurses Before the
S udents.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Cal.,
March 7. — R;ibbi Myer S. Levy of the
Congregation Bath-Israel of San Ftan
cisco delivered tne sermon in the chapel
to-day. Mrs. Stanford had been especially
anxious that the students should hear him.
Tne subject of his sermon was "Now or
Never." In substance the speaker said:
From remote ages men have asked "What
must we do to be snved ?" It is a question
which hns robbed youth of its pleasures and
old age of its pence. Since Asking mat ques
tion men huve steadily progressed.
Whatever the old theological ideas of the
hereafter we art- but little concerned. Eter
nal punishment is not the wish of ourUod, for
he is a Uod of love. He is merciim aud just;
he does not her malice forever.
I fully realize the value of prayer, but piety
a'one Is not sufficient to make v man success
ful in life. Hi- must have character. He is
hero to advance honestly. The oi. e who
wishes to succeed must realize that
he must do to live. Man's work is not futile.
The history of the world is but a history of the
earnest work of strong lives.
There is an old German proverb which was
found engraved upon a key ; "It I rest I rust."
t is not ease, but effort, that makes men.
Many hard-fought tattles must still be waged
before pertect ease is assured.
Our life is like a knleido.se ope— it is forever
changing, and seems not twice alike. To suc
ceed we must have a goal always before us. A
defeat must no; dishearten us. It may be our
greatest victory if it spurns us on to decisive
action.
An ounce of "now" Is worth a ton of "later
ons." Tne most carefully plauned campaign
may meet with disaster, yet the impulsive,
haphazard onslaught carries the day. It is a
terrible calamity to believe in chance. Nature
abnors it and reason denounces it. Life must
be sober; it must be earnest. Don't be a giant
in thougnt and a dwarf in action. If we £0
our way n r (>mptly, doin« our duty, be the
world's comment what it may. we shall be
masters ol the situation, nn<! failures— never.
HORSEWHIPS A PORTLAND MAN.
Miss Oyler of San Francisco Arrested
lor Chastising a Society
Lion.
PORTLAND, Or., March 7.— A young
woman calling herself Carrie Oyler, re
cently from San Francisco, where she
claims to be well connected, was arrested
late last night for cowhlding Frank Grif
fith, a nickei-in-the-slot machine agent, in
his room in the Multnomnh building.
Griffith poses as an irresistible man
anioiiL' the laities, and in one of Ins return
trips from the bay he brought Mi-s Oyler
with him. They were supposed to be mar
ried until the episode resulting in the
woman's arrest.
On Friday night she, accompanied by
Luke Kuvkendai. walked into Griffith's
room without the formality of rapping
at tne door, and without any preliminary
talk begrn to unmercifully belabor Grif
fith in the lace and over the head with a
rawhide. Alter a little struggle Griffith
succeeded in wrestine the woapou from
tiie woman.
Khe at once procured another she had in
reserve in the hallway and resumed opera
tions. This time Griffith was forced to
throw Miss Oyler upon a bed and choke
her before she surrendered her whip.
At this juncture young Kuykendal took
a hand In the fray b.v leveling a revolver
at Griffitn, threatening to shoot him if he
refused to allow the woman to depart iv
peace.
TMfl affair gained publicity to-day, and
as Griffith lias been quite a social lion
here his chastisement is the gossip of the
hour. He says that he would not have
caused Miss Oyler's arrest but for the fear
that she might attempt lo do him great
bodily harm. The woman claims to have
thrashed her erstwhile friend because he
spoke disrespectfully of her. The true
story of this affair may be disclosed in
court to-morrow. There is a warrant out
for the arrest of Kuykendal, who as yet is
under cover.
LIGHTNING'S WORK AT LOS GATOS.
Bolt From the Heavens Enters a Resi
dence and Knocks Down
the Owner.
SAN JOSE, Cal., March 7.— Lightning
struck the residence of Captain Harris,
two miies north of Los Gatos, about 11:30
o'clock yesterday morning. A large hole
was burned into the house where the bolt
entered. Harris was knocked down and
the lamps and classware were shattered.
The house is near the water company's
reservoir and from thero to Los Gatos the
telephones were burned out and seven
po;es shattered. Nearly all the fuse in
the telephone office at Los Gatoa was
burned out.
SHOT ItS A '■TRAXQEB.
Mysleriont fi-ti/i- <. outwitted on a Street
in San tTo/ic.
SAN JOSE, Cal .March 7.— While walk
ing on Fourth street, near Santa Clara, to
night, about 9:30 o'clock, Frank Foster,
about 20 years of age, was shot by a
stranger. The ball hit the collarbone
under the chin and glanced, cut out
near the shoulder. The wound is not se
rious one. , r „. \
Foster was with a young: male compan
ion. They say the stranger turned sud
denly on them, and with a vile epithet
wanted to know why they were following
him. Ho instantly fired and then ran
away. He has not been found. They
deny that they were following any one.
The police have not been able to clear the
mystery.
Dlapnted of Stolen Grain Sacks,
SAN JOSE, Cal., March 7.— Charles
Swarthout, a farm-hand who had been
employed in the vicinity of Milpitas, has
been arrested on a charge of burglary.
He broke into The barn of Willian Trean
outn and stole 200 new grain sacks, which
he sold to a junk-dealer in this city for $2.
He will be arraigned on th<s charge to
morrow.
To Jluilil a bchoolhaus*.
SAN JOSE, Cal., March 7.— The Wil
low Glen ichoolbouse, which was de
stroyed by fire on Friday night, will be re
built as soon as possible. Tne matter was
discussed at a meeting of trustees and
taxpayers yesterday and it was decided
that the best wny woula be to issue bonds
and a meeting to tatce action will be held
in a few days.
te'-'M NEW TO-DAY. '. '0%
"Red Letter Day/
Bureaus.
We never showed more sorts of bureaus
than now — something like 250 in all.
It's this way : They are made by the dozen
to go with metal beds and in trying to get
every worthy style we've got an overstock.
gg^H I It'syourprofit-you
JS^nnfff ■ - get them to-day at
v. INvl ':■' »t . "Red Letter" prices.
i'r jll''„ '• v N| )We would like to show you ; pic-
I, I; .. 1 ! ': - ' . tures of them all, but that would
|U i 1 1; I fft^^^-j '->.-• take too much space.
il'v / I I ; Sa^.^"^^ißBf b The picture shows one pattern
m;' .in | ' •f£|«]V'*'-? r T "V '} and from it you can judge of the
W^ ■/'/'■' Ivy itli ! s^ as^ many others.
.^l'^ puwjß— £ ' ! ' ■. -.Jsfr *'{ . The picture is a good likeness. The
,m}yJ : f^^~:--^--~- - Wi -W "^'-- -- 'f^-A • bureau is solid oak, every whit. The pol-
ig=^r^' r gg^^^a.^i "^4^r "'■ '* ish is good— made ,by rubbing.
?kl^~^ _ '~~^==fs&- ~ - -*^Lj Extra large mirror, 40x18 inches, with a
ii jjl^w^.'" 7^; ™ < 11 deep, richly cut bevel.
MfcJ^^ _~^j^jfj|§J ! • $11.75— "Red Letter" price.
JilriXiv E■ ~ ■-*-' -^ i*! <-r We've cheaper bureaus, solid
''wii.Ll'^^'' ' ' ,' "' r^g«J! oak, too. And better ones for more
"^|#'^.?. ' <* • » « ■ «- ; .ci»T^^^V.; - Choose any place.
Bureau perfection on every hand
This is the bureau— sll.7s. vAt regular , . , ' '. '
profit you would pay $20." and all priced below normal.
California Furniture Company.
N. P. Cole & CO., Carpeu.
1 1 7- 1 21 Geary Street. King*
STOCKTON THUG
ELUDES PURSUIT
Fires Upon High School
Students Who Give
Chase.
0 ficers and Civilians Fail to
Capture a Midnight
Robber.
After Taking a Citizen's Money Ho
Had Brutally Beaten His
Victim.
STOCKTON, Cai,.. March 7.— Andrew
Chidester was robbed at the point of a re
volver and then brutally beaten in the
principal residence portion of Stockton
shortly before last midnight. Chidester
was going to his home, and on the corner
of Park and San Joaquin streets was
stopped by a man who stepped out from
the shadows and commanded him to
throw up h;s hands. As the imperative
demand was enforced by the presence of a
revolver, Chidester complied. The man,
with his free hand, took a gold watch and
chain and received about $18 in change,
which Chidester poured into his itching
palm.
After asking if that was all, he quickly
drew back his hand and gave Chiaester an
upper-cut, landing on the chin, and bring
ing the Stocktonian to bis knees. The
thug then turned and ran west along Oak
street. Chidester was stunned, but re
covered himself quickly and gave chase.
He was gaining on the man, and at the
corner of Hunter perceived a crowd of
high school boys coming along, among
them Dick Tully and Walker |Bours.
! Chidester called to them to stop the thug.
The boys concluded that they would
have a little picnic, and started in with
the intention of tackling him football
fashion. The man kept straight west, and
as the boys started for him he tired one
shot into the air. The boys concluded it
was only a bluff and kept ahead, gaining
on the runner untii within about twenty
paces of him, when he whirled and fired
squarely at his pursuers The ball whis
tled by young Bours' b»ad.
The young men decided that it was not
a proper time to rush or tackle and paused
for re-enforcements. They kept an eye on
the man, however, and observed him get
into the McDougall block.
Police Captain Simpson was at home
when the shots were fired, and believing
something wus wrong started in the direc
tion whence the reports came. He soon
came upon the Doys, and about the same
time officer Kuhn and Deputy Sheriff
Biack arrived in the pa'rol wagon. Thn
officers, assisted by Chidester and the
boys, beat the block so lively that their
game left his cover and was seen working
his way westward. After getting out of
range of the electric lights his escape was
made easy.
IDAHO LAWMAKERS IN DISGRACE.
Two Members Implicated in the Briber/
Scanda/ Will in All Probability
Be Removed.
BOISE, Idaho, March 7.— The Legisla
tive committee investigating tne bribery
charges in connection with the election of
Senator Heitfeld has, after hearing
voluminous testimony, made a report
recommending th^.t Representative Joines,
who made the affidavit that he was bribed,
and Representative Perkins, whom Joines
charged with having paid him $150 for his
vote, be removed Irom the Legislature.
This action practically sustains the
charges as made by Joines. The com
mittee made no recommendations in re
gard to the other members of the Legis
lature, who were indirectly accused of
accepting money for their votes.
Portland Policeman Worsted.
FORTLAND, Or., March 7.— M. Bte
phenson, a colored member of the police
force, became involved in a quarrel with
Jake Newsome, another negro, to-night
and was bedly but not fatally injured.
Stephenson is minus one eye.
34
IN HIS SLEEP WHIPS CORBETT
Fifzsimmons Again Dreams
of Victory in the
Arena.
FIVE FIEKCELY FOUGHT
ROUNDS.
Graphic Description of the Mill
.. as He Saw It in the
Vision.
GEORGE GREEN HAS A NARROW
ESCAPE.
A Boat in Which He Was Rowing
Cap3izes and He Is Barely Say.d
From Drowning.
CARSON, Net., March 7. — Fitzsim
mons has had another dream, and as
usual has dreamed of victory. Bob con
fesses to a weakness for beholding visions
during the slumbers that precede all of
his big battles, and, while he protests that
he Is not superstitious, he holds that none
of his nightmares have ever given him
the wrong tip, and will tell you in a sort i
Scenes and Incidents Before the Big Fight at Carson
of half-donbtful way that there might be
something in these nocturnal prophecies
after all.
Fitzsimmons' new dream goes on rec
ord as having visited him last night. This
is not the first time the St. Patrick day's
battle has been pictured to him in bis
Bleep Bince the signing of the articles.
Tiiere was one ahead of this one, which
called on him several weeks ago, while he
•was still in the East. On that particular
occasion Bob saw Corbett curl up ami go
to sleep at the end of the seventh round.
In describing the vision at the time, he
said he saw a ring pitched in the open
air, with something like 20,000 people
gathered around.
He was the first of the two world's cham
pionship aspirants to enter the rin?, but
was compelled to wait quite a while, the
delay being caused by Corbett's refusal to
leave his dressing-room. The crowd
roared with anger, and threatened the
Californian with all sort 3of violence if he
persisted in remaining in seclusion, and
finally Corbett came out; the gloves were
produced, and the fight began.
As Fitzsimmons says he saw it in the
dream the fortunps of both varied during
the first six rounds, but the seventh saw
Corbett distressed. Bob saw his chance,
and cornering the Olympic Club idol he
sent a stiff left into his abdominal cavity.
This blow caused Corbett's head to come
forward, and Fitzsimmons in his vision
shot In a magnificent upper-cut and put
his man to sleep— such an upper-cut, he
explained, as wound up Sailor Kharkey in
San Francisco.
It took the Cornishrcan seven rounds to
close the career of Gentleman Jim in that
Eastern dream, but Bob must be smoking
a better brand of the poppy extract of
late, for in last night's picture of the mill
he turned the trick in the fifth round.
The mammoth arena in which the ap
proaching battle is to be fought is close to
the road leading to Fitzsimmons' training
quarters, and in consequence he sees it
during his tramps into town almost daily.
This will account for the perfect picture of
the vast inclosure that he saw last night
while he snored.
Again was there a great and surging
crowd in attendance, and it was a noisy
assemblage at that. F'itzsimnions in tell
ing of the dream this afternoon said that
he emerged from his dressing-room en
veloped in las time-honored bath robe,
and followed by his seconds armed with
buckets, bottles and fans he met with an
ovation that i&ir'.y sh ok the place and
brought echo after echo rolling back from
the surrounding snowclad mountains.
Then when Corbett appeared there was
another roar, another fac-simile earth
quake and a duplication of the echoes.
"To tell the truth," said Filzsimmons,
scratching his head in an endeavor to re
call more of the details of the dream, "I
don't believe I can tell you which one of
us got the best of those receptions. Aa I
remember it now, everybody in the place
howled for me and then everybody yelled
for Gorbett. I gue«s it was horse and
horse. We will let it go at that, any
how."
Then he went on to describe the battle.
But little time was lost in measuring dis
tances and getting acquainted with each
other's tactic 3, for both were anxious.
The air was row and cold, and before they
were in the ling ten seconds they were at
it. It was a fast and furious battle. Fitz
simmons opened the battle with a mur
derous swing, which, had it landed, would
have settled the battle; but Jim was on
the alert, ductced and came back at Fitz
siuimons with a sharp rap on the nose.
A clinch followed, but both escaped from
it without damage. Corbett's cleverness
and ability to dance out of harm's way
saved him several times during that
round, so dreamed Fitzsimmons, from
going down under the piledriver blows
that were sent after him. He was like a
shadow so far as locating him was con
cerned, but Fitzsimmons was persevering
and confident that he would land event
ually.
So the battle waged during four rounds
and the pace was plainly telling on Cor
bett,. He did not respond to the call of
time with that nimbleness that had char
acterized his previous appearance on the
scratch — and here the dream grows inter
esting.
Fitzsimmons saw his opportunity and
da-hel in to finish matters. He beat
down the champion's guard, and the
crowd, which had all along been noisy,
now simply roared, for tha end was in
sight.
"Good boy, Bob!" was what the Cor
nishman heard in his dream. And, as the
noise was dying away, a female voice
echoed shrilly with another "Good boy,
Bob!" Fhzsimmoiis knew that voice, for
it was Mrs. Fitzsimmons', and it had the
effect of redoubling his energies.
The battle was soon over. Corbett,
unaDle to beat off the attacks, dropped
his arms. A hush had come over the
20,000, but it was broken by a resounding
smash as Fitz-immons' right connected
with the champion's jaw, and —
"I'm the champion of the world!"
yelled Fitzsimmons.
"What in thunder is the matter with
you, now?" said Trainer Dan Hickey,
jumpin.r out of his warm bed and discov
ering Filzsimmon3 standing shivering in
the middle of the bedroom and waving nis
long arms like a marionette.
"Hang it all," said Fitzsimmons, as he
rubbed his eyes and looked about to see
where he was, "I thought the fight was
over, but it was only another of those con
founJed dreams."
Ever3 - Dody laughed uproariously wnen
Bob finished the story of his dream, and
the Cornishman joined in the chorus.
"Never mind, though," he said, when
he could make himself heard. "That will
ba the story of the battie just as sure as I
am standing here."
I was out to Coroett's training quarters
Late this afternoon and found that the
champion had heard about Fitzsimmons 1
dream.
'•Well," said Jim, with one of those
funny winks of his, "I am saiislied to let
him have all the enjoyment he can get
out ot those nightmares, lor they will
furnish about all the pleasure he will get
out of this litile engagement. That is
about as near as ho will ever get to whip
ping me — in his dreams."
It was then time for Corbett to begin his
afternoon training and as we waited over
to the handball court tofjetiier he snid :
"I'll tell you, my boy, there is only one
story to this right, or else I am the worst
guesser in the world. I will repeat now
what I have often said before and that is
that I consider myself to be in the best
physical condition I ever attained
throughont my athletic career. If condi
tion is to determine this coming battle I
have won already. But that is not the
point lam getting at— not the story I re
lerred to. To my mind it is simply a
question as to whether or not Fiizsim
mons can land on my jaw that lucky
punch which has made him celebrated.
That's all there is to this tight. I don't
Delievc he can land it, but still nobody
can tell— he might. If he does not it will
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, MARCH 8, 1897.
be all day with him, for I know I can hit
him and I'll cut him to ribbons as sure as
I am talking to you now."
Corbett gave a remarkable exhibition of
endurance this afternoon, and thoso who
witnessed the performance went away
fully convinced that if i lie approaching
contesi develops into a prolonged affair
the Australian will in no wise be at a dis
advantage. He beuan his work by wrest
ling with his wrist machine. Now, this
apparatus is reputed to be capable of tir
ing a ue.son more than any of the muscle
making devices used by athletes, and any
one who has ever "fooled" with one of
them in a gymnasium knows this fact.
Corbett put in twenty-five minutes of
steady and vigorous work on the machine,
and then, as he was gloving his hands for
a bout with the bunctiing-bapr, gave me a
little dissertation on the effects of wrist
practice.
"When I get through with that ma
chine my arms and hands are apparently
worked out, so fatigued are they," he said.
"Anybody else who tackles it the way I
do will be affected in the same way, if not
worse. Bu; the funny part of it is that as
soon as I begin to thump the bag, which
i 3 the next work on the programme, that
feeling of fatigue begins to disappear, and
the lunger I punch the stronger I feel
until finally I am in the very finest of
fettle for the" handball games and boxing
bouts that follow the punching- bag exer
cise.
"The wrist machine is a wonderful help
to a man in training, for it gives great
strength to the forearms and hands, and
they are the most valuable weapons he
can have in a contest, and must bo care
fully prepared so as to lessen the danger
of tneir breaking.' 1
Jim was now ready for the bag, and at his
request 1 tent time for him. He began
with his left hand, vaiyiug between hooks,
straight-arms, swings and jabs, and asked
that he be notified when he had worked
five minutes. I purposely neglected to
sing out to him when the five minutes
were up, and the result was that he con
tinued to pump away with the left hand,
the ball beating a veritable tattoo as it
rattied against the ceiling with lightning
like rapidity.
"What's the time?" finally asked Cor
bett. but without missing a blow at the
bounding ball.
"Eighteen minutes."
"Humph, I was commencing to think
that was rather a Jong five minutes," he
said, emphasizing each word with a
whack at tne ball. "Well, that's all
right, 1 ' he continued, "we will make it
twenty minutes," and he did.
Then the right hand was brought into
play for ten minutes and this was followed
by a rattling finish with both hands—
thirty-five minutes in all. I took partic
ular pains to notice the condition of the
big fellow at the close of this violent ex
ercise so thnt the readers of the Call
might be given an idea as to what a man
who is fit ior a championship battle ran
do. He was wet and steaming with
perspiration, but his breathing did not in
dicate in the slightest degree that he had
been undergoing any unusual exertion.
This was made all the more evident by the
fact that no sooner had he left the bag to
put on his blankets ttian he began a con
versation with Trainer Charley White, the
theme of which was a complaint regard
ing the condition of the ball, and his flow
of words was In no way interrupted by
shortness of breath.
Then boxine bouts were next in order
and he was at his lour starring partners,
alternating with ihem so as to give them
a rest, for three-quarters of an hour. And
still he had not tired. Trie Californian is
certainly in shape, so far as his powers of
endurance are concerned.
Billy Woods, the man who wears the
pneumatic face and the padded corset
when he boxes with Corbett, ha' been en
joying a two days' vacation. When Cor
bett gets at this armored gladiator he slogs
unmercifully, and despite tb.» protection
afforded by the pneumatic devices Billy
has been repeatedly floored and put to
sleep. Woods got tired or his job and
threatened to go out on a strike. Corbett
evidently realized that Billy's position was
no sinecure, and compromised by giving
his trainer two days off.
"A bloomin' truck horse couldn't stand
the pounding that I get from that big
chap," said Billy to-day. "I'm sore Id
every part of my body and it was getting
to be torture. Honestly. I believe if it
wasn't for the mask I wear I would have
had ruy bJoomin' head knocked off. Wait
till Fitz t-ets a few of these cracks and
then he will sympathize with me."
Outside of the Cornishman's dream
there was but little in the shape of inter
esting events to be gleaned at Cook's
ranch to-day, and those who went thither
and paid the usual admis-ion fee saw only
the usual routine. Fitzsimmons has got
right down to work of the hardest kind,
and it seems to apree with him im
mensely. He revels in it. His cold has
nearly disappeared, and aside from the
black eye Hickey decorated his counte
nance with the other day tie looks mag
nificent. He has gone "iooney" over
snipe shooting. «nd is out every morning
witn his gun and dog. He is a fair snot,
too, and usually brings home quite a mess.
News came from Empire to-day to the
effect that George Green, who ia training
for the welter-weight battle with "Mys
terious" Billy Smith, had a narrow es
cape from being drowned. There is a
dammed river in front of Green's training
quarters, and he and his chum, Bob Mc-
Arthur, frequently venture out upon it in
a little skiff for a row.
While out for one of their spins to-day
McArthur espied a slain duck floating in
tt c water, and dropping one of his oars,
reached for it. Green playfully attempted
to pet it first, and in the scramble the
skiff was capsized and buth fouud them
selves floundering in the water.
Bib is an expert swimmer and had little
difficulty in getting out of danger, but
Green found his heavy training dothes a
fearful handicap and could make no prog
ress at all. He nnally got hold of the
boat, however, and clung to it until assist
ance arrived. He has suffered no ill effects
so far from the experience and went on
with his training as usual. He is in splen
did shape just now and is certain tnat he
will whip Snuth.
Dal Hawkins, who is in training with
Green for the fight with Martin Flaherty,
is also in tine fix. J. G. Mansfield.
"NEVADA'S 1J18OIIA.CE."
Cleveland Frracher Attaila the Sage-
brush J'opulation.
CLEVELAND, Ohio, March 7.— Rev.
Levi Gilbert of the First Methodist Church
preached a sensational sermon to-nijht on
"Nevada's Shame and Disgrace." Ho
lampooned ihe State for legalizing prize
fighting, saying among other things:;
Its action was taken after the splendid
termination of even Texas to exclude prize
fiehtinir by special act of the Legislature. This
HiKte, this deserted mining camp, revives the
brutality by an exhibition whica must make
the Indiana and its Chinnmen wonder at
Christianity. Corbett is called a gentleman;
yet he ncted like nn infuriated animal In his
lust light and his wife wns divorced on grounds
affecting his morality. Ho is as dissipated as
is John L. Sullivan, who clubs his wifr.
Such exhibitions promote criminality by
feeding the bestinl in man. They debauch the
public ideal. Such men sho\V pluck, yes; but
no baitor than the Dulldo^ or tiger. These is
no spontaneous courage; they let themselves
bo battered for $5000. Prizo- Ugh ting is often
excused as no worse than Jootball. But bru
tality can b3 and olten l-t excluded from the
lniter. Brutality is an essential part of prize
fighting and cannot be eliminated.
On the seal of Nevada there is a picture of
the sun rising over the mountains, but on the
17lh it will feel like goini; into oclipse. St.
Patrick ought to feel on his birthday that he
has worse varmints than snakes to drive out.
TUE SAIjK OF SEATS.
Falling Off in the Demand for High-
Priced. Tickets.
Strange as it might seem the sporting
fraternity observed the Sabbath yesterday
to the creat disgust of Managers Cook and
Clark, who are here representing High
Chief Dan Stuart in the sale of tickets for
the great n-tic event to be decided on
March 17 in Carson. The sale was so
eood on Saturday, when it was begun,
that it was expected to be better yester
day, when people had more leisure to call
around and do business, but it was not.
The disposal of $0000 worth of seating
capacity that started the ball rolling was
made up principally of blocs sales.
Charles A-iher took $! 500 worth for bim
sfif and friends who had commissioned
him to act for them. Another $1000 worth
was taken by Harry Corbett and his part
ner, Burns, who are to run a special Pull
man excursion to anrt from the fight. The
remainder of the $6000 was put up by a
f'W special parties and a lew individuals.
Yesterday, however, t here were no block
sales. The tickets that passed over Mose
Gu list's counter were mostly single and at
the $20 rate.
The public does not seem to take kindly
to the box seals at $40 a throw. Yester
day's saleß amounted to only $890.
SHOOTING FOR
CASH AND MEDALS
The California Club Hold ,
Forth at Schuetz3n
Park.
D. W. McLaughlin Won the
Big Prizs at the Shell
Mound Range.
_________
G. S. Schulz end A. H. Papa Also
Come ia With Good Scores For
the Germania's Money.
• The marksmen were oat in largo, num
bers nt Schuetzen Park yesterday, and
witn the exception of a slight rain late in
the afternoon, a better day for the sport
could not have been had. The cracK of
the rifles continued all day long. Among
the clubs were the California Schuetzen
Club, San Francisco Grutli Verein, Com
pany 11, . First Regiment; Company . E,
First Infantry, and Company D, Fifth
Regiment.
The California Schuetzen Club's regular
monthly medal shoot resulted as follows:
First champion class— First prize, A. Strecker,
422 rings; second prize, I). W. McLaughiin,
415. Second chßmpion class— First prize, Cap
tain F. Kuhls, 410; second pr zo, O. Burmeis
tor. 403. First clmss— First prize, P. Brunotte,
424; second prize, O. Breraer, 419. Second
c»a;«s— First j-rize, A. Rreuss, 415; second
prize. A. K. Bayou. 402. Third class— First
prize, C. Eging, 408; second prize, A.Jung-
Dint, 3G9. Fourth clhhs— First prizf, H. Kuhls,
347; second prize, J. B. Turner, 347. Bestfirst
shot, P. Brunnotte, 24 rings; best last ihot, D.
\V. McLnughlin, 25 rings.
Cadets— First me.lal, J. Kullmanu, 282 rings:
second medal, F. Rothschild, 240.
O. Brem«>r made thr> hiehest in five shots,
scoring: 25) 25, 22, 25, 22; total, 119.
The regular monthly medal shoot of the
San Francisco Grutli Veieiu resulted as
follows:
Champion cla?s, Al Gehret, 408; first cless,
A. Hinterman, 371; second class, Edward
Kunz, 380; third class, George E. Hauler,
353; best first shot, O. yon Wyll, 25; best last
shot, G. It. Hauser, 23.
In the bullseye shoot the following were
the winners:
G. Appenzelles, L. Hauser, M. A. Tschurr.
Joseph Fc:z, A. Hintormann, Edwara Kuiiz,
O. yon Wyll and CharleK Ott.
Company H, First Infantry Regiment,
held its monthly shoot, 10 shots, military
target, with the following results:
Corporal Ehrenplort 45, F. C, Muller 44, I. J.
Carrol 44, Serjeant O'Brien 44, Sergeant Holts
43. C rporal Broder.ck 42, Alwater 41. Collan
40, Flack-on 40, LieuTenant Davis 4o, Polking
liorn 39. Mircholl 39. Swift 30, Fnrnanz 35. N.
Jackson 35, Schneider 34, L»cßmond 31, Joggie
27, HisshingerlO.
Company E, First Infantry, made the
following scores:
Captain Fitzpatrlclt 40, Lieutenant Ralph
43, Sergeant Say well 37 Lieut'. nant Robinson
41, Sergeant Cardiff 36, Corpi ral O'C'onnell43;
privates— Murphy 34. Smlivan 22, Rocks 21,
Ross 37, Hay 28,'Pedler 33, J. Ralph 41.
Company D, Fifth .Regiment, of San
Rafael held its monthly target shoot. .Fol
lowing were the scores:
F. B. Moulten 48. J. F. Robinson 46, J. Daw
son 45, A. N. Boyen 43. T. S. Archer 42, VV. T.
Buttenvorth 43, W. Elliott 44. T. J. Fallen 33,
F. J. Jacobs 39, F. Mulhern 42, J. P. Mulhern
39, F. J. Murray 41, A. A. imith 43, B. Trenton
41, N. Vanderbilt 40, J. T. Bu^tin 38, H. S.
Dawley 38, E. Gardner 30, F. Hoffer 21, H.
Iversen 38. E. F. Murch 41, A. E. Scott 35, E.
W. Smith 38, J. W. Schlosser 43. R. E. Walsh
3C>, J. Barrow 30, V. Cbeda 40, G. Coi:amore
3t>, F. H. Dieckman 30, J. E. Greaver 42. P. Le
Camec 22, H. Pletie 42, D. McCamish 35, G.
Sands 29. J. H. Smith 35. A. Barrow 14, C. L.
Coulter 19. M. dc Slnet 12. C. H. Fletcher 38,
J. R. iinrt 30. M. Mtißuire 23. J. C. Masirup 34,
\\. M-.ller 28. H. C. Smith 34, C. Mahar2S, .1.
Jones 40, S. Eden 39, George G. Donohue 30,
S. H. Rooiuson 32.
The opening of Schnetzen Park has
been set for Sunday, April 4, and Man
ager Schueruann has armnged an elabo
rate programme. Forty prizes, ranging
in value from $40 to $1, are ( ffered in the
shooting contests, for the first and last
bullseyes in the morning and afternoon
$2 50 will be i.iven, best five tickets on
nng tareet $5, best hve tickets, on honorary
target $5 hat, most tickets during the day
on both targets $5.
AT SHELL MOUND.
An Open -to -All Shoot for Cash
Prizes on the Man-Target.
The picnic season of 1897 was opened
yesterday at Shell Mound Park by a con
cert and picnic. €antain L. Siebe, the
proprietor, has had the entire premises
renovated and nut in perfect order. The
early trains took across the bay many
hundred pleasure-seekers, and by 3 o'clock
the number was increased to 5000 and the
0} ening was a success.
From 10 o'clock to noon a concert was
given, and tnen after the dinner hour
dancing was kept up until evening. An
other party found pleasure in the bowling
alley, where they bowled up to 7 o'clock
for cash prizes amounting to $100, offered
by Captain .Siebe. These prizes ranged
from $2J to $1.
There was but one attraction on the
grounds for the riflemen and that was the
nfle range, which was crowded from early
in the morning until as late as the targets
could be seen, for there was a grand pub
lic prize-shoot there, held under the
auspices of the Norddeutscl.er Schuetzen
Club. All of the shooting was on the
man target, four xhots, 80 points the pos
sible. The twenty-rive prizes agcregated
$225 and ranged from $30 to $1, besides
special prizes for best first and last shots
and most red flags for the 20-center line.
For a time it was supposed that George
S. Schulz was going to be high man with 77
and A. H. Pape Becond best with 76. Late
in the day D. W. McLaughhn got in his
work with bis new Pope barrel and made
78 out of a possible 80. He won the first
prize of $30, Schulz took the second, $25,
and Pape third, $20. The leading prize
winners and ther scores were as follows:
D. \V. MeLaughlin 78, G. S. Schulz 77. A. H.
xew to-day:
SPRING
TIME
B' B ill I
• JL ! ML. A " Jk Ji..»i^ * - ■ . ,
STYLES!
This week we open up our new
Spring Goods. You want them.
— — — _
Child's Fine Cloth Top, Dark Russet, kid
Foxed, laced; New Style Coin Too -■■
and Tip, spring Heel; sizes s t0 7%.. $1 CO
dlzes Btolo V 2 . *125
Sizes 11 to >i... :.........'.V.'.la 00
Easts
738-740 Market St.
Carry a Full Line of . Buckingham
- & Hecht'u Fine Shoes.
SEND FOR CATALOGUE. '■]
Pape 76, Georce Alpers 75, A. Jungblut 74, A.
S'recktr73, W. Giindemaiin 73. F. P. Schuster
73, J rtsehis 73, L. Hanke 72, H. H. Burfeind
72, F. O. YoutiK 72, H. Stelling 71, D. B.
Faktor7l, H. Piagemann 81, F. H. Mason 70,
C. Thierbach 70, K. Atarens 70, W. Garms 69.
H. Huber69. First best shot in the morning,
A. Myer; last beu shot in tne afternoon, C. F.
Rust". Distribution of prizes to-morrow even
ing at 35 Eddy street.
The regular class medal shoct of the
Deutscher Krieger Verein shooting sec
tion was also held at Shell Mound, with
the following results:
Champion class, F. Kniser 352 rings; first
class, M. Biegel 341; second class, O. Dammer
291; third class, K. Miehle 256; best first
buliseye. M. Bk-gel24; best last bullseye, A.
Franke 25; most centers, A. Franke.
A large number of musket marksmen
also were on the range. Among tliein
were the members of the first division of
trie naval battalion and the members of
Troop Aot the cavalry. The latter were
badly handicapped for making eood
scores, as they were obliged io shoot with
the army carbine, using very yowerlul
ammunition. The c core4 ten shots, mili
tary uircet, made with the army aud navy
firearms were a3 follows:
Troop A, cavalry— Captain J. A. Jenks 29,
C. Penniman 35, Keuo 20, Ennis 10, McDer
mott 31, Boney 7, Sandbeck 32. Lsederick 21,
McCulloch 4. W. C. Osborne 13, Cross 15, W.
H. R .binson 3, Graff 24, Desmond 7, Kerr 18,
Duuhom 22, <:. Robinson 20.
Naval Hatialion— A. Luderman39, A. Holmes
20, D. Mi-Wi.liam 30, Lieutenant l>ennis 42,
Peters 39, Wier 29, Emmerich 30, K. Rich 24,
A. Landon 26, J. A. Healey 20, J. X Murphy
32. W. Corliss 27, C. A. Gould 35. Ensign P..
Shepston 4. T. J. Casey 42, A. G. Quinlau 34,
J. Toussalnt 28.
Company A. First Regiment— F. XV. Nebert
33, C. Cook 22, George Swan 32, A. C. L owel
liug 38, W. R^;i.-elle 32, T. J. McCreaeh 37, I).
J. l>aly 32, J. C. Segrave 43, M. 11. Wntkius 40,
E. L. fcchar. 7, J. J. Dillon 10, C. O. Wnite 40.
h. H. Anthen 10", W. T. Beck 31, J. O. Staples
32, D. M. Browne 21, T. P. Leontird 33, W. S.
Taylor 0, A. W. Taylor 5, W. A. Nord 35 ana
W. IX Flinn 28.
Company A, Fifth Regimmt, practice—Cap
tain Poulter 45, JunnigKn 42. S. A. Puckett
4(5, Patrty 15. \Y. D. Hu«hes 30. Grismoie 24,
Smith 2G, King 30, Littlefieid 20, Mugeil 41,
C. Packet (4o, C. Poulter 30, Landlord 27, D-'
Poy 29, Logan 35. Ciiarles EMU 37, Kon.tT
33, MCormick 43, Jumper 33, Monroe 16",
Learn 32.
Independent RifW— Dr. F. Hau 41, P. D.
Butt 37, J. A. S:ang 30, Dr. \V. Lindeiker 34.
J. Dauarie 34, Corporal J. Minderinann 32, C.
Stande 31, C. Hilsz 30, Corporal C. Schneider
29, Lieutenant E. Moenning 41, Schoning 27.
AT ALAMEDA POINT.
Grand Bluorock Tournament of the
Lincoln Gun Club Yesterday.
The Lincoln Gun Club held a grand
bluerock tournament at Alameda Point
yesterday, the regular programme being
composed of two prize matches. The first
was a record match, open to all, for 100
birds, and the second a 25-Dird match,
a. so open to all.
In the first match the competitors shot
for a handsome gold medal, henceforth to
be known as the 100- bird record medal,
which will become the personal property
of the marksman winning it the greatest
number of times out of the six shoots of
the season.
The coniest proved an exciting one, as
all the men were well matched and ac
counted among the club's most experi
enced marksmen. Webb finally carried
off the highest score witli eiguty-tive birds,
F. Feudner being scored with eighty-four.
The full scores were:
Webb 83, F. Fouler 84, Nauman 7G, Bekart
74, Justins 74, Golclier 7;5, Faster 08, Grimes
04, H. Vernono2, fcharp 50, CJubrough 55.
In the twenty-five- bird match the men
shot for $100 in cash and $100 in pr.zes.
Tnere were three classe-, and the money
and prizes will be finally allotted in the
sixth shoot, each man shooting in the
class to which he belongs. The scores
yesterday were as follows:
Shaw 17, Durst 10, Behart 16, Fisher 17,
Golcbe' 20, C. Fisher 12, O. f trandtr 15, Jus
tins 22, crimes 13, Norman 18, Webb 21, F.
Feudii'-T 15, H. Vernon 20, Foster lti. Alderton
19, J. Foster 17, Sharp lti, Karney 17.
The following matches were subse
quently improvised, the entrance money
beint? divided among t>ie successful com
petitors:
Ten-bird match, unknown traps and un
known angles— Norraan 8, O. W. Fisher 7,
Shßrp 6, Webb (5. Goleher 6, Bflur 6, Knrney 6'
Durst 5, Grimes 5, Feuduer 5. Foster 5, E. Fos
ter 4, Shaw 4, Clabrongli 4, Justins 3, C.
Fisher 2, H. V- rnon il, Alderton 2.
Fifteen birds, reverse system— Webb 13, O.
Fisher 11, Noiinan 10. Potter 10. H. Vernon 9,
Wenzeli 9, Grimos 8, Sharp 8, Shaw 7. Baur (j,
Foster 6, Alderton 0, F. King (3, Caies.
SIR BACHE CUNARD HERE.
Owner of a Great Steamship Line and
Husband of a California
Girl.
Sir Bache Cunard of London, one of the
owners of the celebrated Cunard line of
steamships plying on the Atlantic, ar
rived here yesterday evening from the
East and took apartments at the Palace
Hotel.
Less than two years ago he married
Miss Maud Bourke, the beautiful ward o
Horace Carpentier of Oakland, who had
just before that been encaged to marry
Prince Poniatowski. His wifp, however,
has not accompanied him on the present
tri}, which is one, Sir Bache explains, that
is merely for pleasure and without any
business significance.
He is a tall man of athletic build and
with black hair and mustache, Jrle is
39 years of age. Not even a vaiet is travel
ing with him, although in London he is
reputed to keep a magnificent establish
ment and to live in great style.
On the journey across the continent he
had for traveling companions Joe Redding
of this City jusr returning from New
York, and Mr. and Mrs. James. Mr. Reed
and Mrs. James Elveston Jr. of Philadel
phia, all of whom went to the Palace.
Later in the evenine Sir Bache find the
other members of the. party were the
guests of Mr. Redding at a nmner given
by him at the Bohemian Club, from which
the party returned to the hotel shortly
after midnight.
IUGLESIDE COURSING.
A Good I'niirtPi'ii-Di..; Stake Bus Off
Yesterday.
There was the usual large attendance at
Ingleside coursing park yesterday and
the talent saw some of its strongest favor
ites upset.
The most remarkable reversals of form
were seen when Senorita b^-at Sky ball and
St. Lawrence went down before Magnet.
The latter ran a magnificent dog and won
the stake. The following is the result of
the rundown :
J. Kerrigan's St. Tiawrence beft' J. J. Ed-
NEW TO-DAY.
We have the latest importations
The newest shapes and shades.
l-adie* 1 Cloth Top, Dark Rnssct Kid,
Coin Toe and Medium High Leailur
Heel, southern lies 8150
Infanta' Tan or Wtne Colored ilocca-
-Blua 20c
Kast's
738-740 Market St.
Carry a Full line of Buckingham &
Hecht's Fine Shoes
MAIL ORDERS PROMPTLY FILLED.
monds' Move On, M. Tmynor's Flashlight beat
IMllo'i & RelUy's s;r Walter, G. Parkinson's
Fireman beat M. WVlcii's Tipperary. K. E.
Portal's Magnet beat T. Neenan's Fair View,
T. Cronin's Grace Parlin^ beat Mira Monte
Kennel's Fireball, Healy & Engan 8 Mialmo
beat ft Brophy's Phn-mx Queei', Cronin 4^
McDonald's Skyballbeai P. MeCaDe sbt. Cloud,
D. Snannou's Senorita Deat J. J. Edmonds'
Vlda Bhaw. J. J. Edmondu 1 OWen w .eatF.
K.illy'.v Vallejo Queen, Healy & Eagan sMoon.
dyne bfatM. Traynor's Valley Maid, Mission
kennel's Warrnta beatM^Cmb & Bryan's
X;K ;t r;.t Bower. J. Seg-:erson's U hite Chief b,-at
Dillon & ReiUy's Hercules, Bartil & Rossi
ter s Brandon Bells beat J. Quanes Captain
Morse, Burtel <fc Rossiter's Emm Pash ueat
W. Kay's Eclipse. _
First ties — Su Lawrence beat Flashlight,
Magnet beat Fireman. Mialino beat Grace
Darling. Senorita beat Skybali, Moondyne beat
Alden W, Brandon Beils beat Warrata, tmiu
Fasti a beat Wnu I Chief.
Second ties — Magnet beat St. Lawrence,
Senorita beat Mialmo, Brandon Bells beat
Moondyne, Emm Pasha a bye.
Third ties — Mngtiet beat Brandon Bells,
Senorita rieat Emm Pasha.
Finals— Magnet be;tt tenorita.
Results at Sacramento: Little Delight
first, Schoolgirl second. Pansy third.
Dr. D. Jayne's Kxpectorant Is very ellicacious
menses of tioup. Give it before you go ior the
doctor. It's the rltrht remedy and may save a life.
Aid digestion with Jayne's I'ninless Sanative Fills.
Narrow Kscape of Osciir T. Shuck.
At 5 :30 p. M. last evening Oscar T. Shuck had
a narrow escape from being run over by an
electric car on Kcarny street. He was walk
ing northward in front of the old City Hall lot,
which has a high wooden inclosure, between
which and the car track i? a space of about six
feet. To avoid a pool of rain water he made a
step to the left, which placed him directly on
one of the car rails, and an electric car KOing
also northward instantly struck him from be
hind. lie received the blow in the caif of the
left leg, but did not fall, nnd said to the grip
man (who had stopped his car), "Go ahead, it
was my fault." He declined to give hi* Dame
to the conductor saying, "I do not think it
amounts to much." Lu*t night Mr. Shuck
thought he would be at his business by to
morrow, hut e.'.p to be lame a. week or so.
i
JOY'S VEGETABLE SARSAPARILLA WILL
bring roses to your checks.
TOY'S VEGETABLE SARSAPARILLA PURI-
*J fies and enriches the blood and brings no
pimples on the face.
JOY'S VEGETABLE SARSAPARILLA WILL
*J save you from spring sickness. Take it now.
TOY'S VEGETABLE SARSAPARILLA WILL
JOY'S VEGETABLE SARSAPARILLA WILL
" make a fine complexion for you and bring
no pimples.
Don't let the druggist substitute. He does
it in spite and for profit
Signature is printed la' ■ Jj
BLUE diagonally iff*
across the >^v ,\Jm '
outside M T^\^y
•wrapper M nil /^
1/j / of every
j I / bottle of
I V / ( the Original
\ - yQ/ y and Genuine)
/ Uy t/ Worcestershire
SAUCE
'Jus a further protection against -.
;;>;:: all imitations*
'Agent* for the United State*,
JOHN DUNCAN'S SONS, N. Y«
THE
WEEKLY
C^LL
cJ It Publishes the Cream of the
!C J News of the Week and
c/ MANY ATTRACTIVE AND
c^ ORIGINAL FEATURES.
°{ IT IS THE BEST WEEKLY
O{ PAPER ON THE
j J PACIFIC COAST
io) ~~\ /~
I ) The Best \ / Mining
~J Telegraphic \/ News That
°\ Service on /\ Is Accurate
oc The Coast / \& up to date
°< —
o^ Not a Line of it Sensational
o/ or Faky, and Not a Line of •
L) it Dry or Uninteresting.
W Bright, Clean, A Champion of
j Thoughtful. , Truth. .
l) A CALIFORNIA NEWSPAPER
*J. " ALL THE TIME.
3 IT ADVOCATES SENT BY
■r) HOME . MAIL, 51.50
O< INDUSTRIES A YEAR.
(1 S THE CALL SPEAKS FOR ALLNATIONAL GUARD
OF CALIFORNIA
* . The question, "Will the Senate confirm
the several appointees of. the Commander
in-Chief?" having been answered by the
• Senate not rejecting one of tue appoint
ments, the members of the guard are now
' in a position to know who will be their
superior officers for some time to come.
• ' But there is one thing which is not to
their liking:, and that is the fact that the
.Legislature struck out of the appropria
tion bill the amount that was asked for
fhe purchase of overcoats. If the men
, should be called out for duty some cold
night they would find that they had but
little to protect then against the chill, for
the overcoats they now have are afcout as
warm as a sheet of paper, and very thin
pap er at that.
Now that the appropriation for camp
sites' has been deni. d by the Legislature
the guardsmen are hoping that an appropria^
tion will be made to enable them to go Into
'car.lp this year without being obliged to indi
vidually foot .the expense in order that they
• way acquire experience to enable them to
serve the State in case of necessity.
The bill that was introduced by Assembly
man Guy to amend section 2003 oi the Politi
cal Code, passed by the House and then passed
■ by the .senate last Friday, reads as follows:
" . 2003. The National Guard of th« State of Cali
fornia is hereby organized into three brigades,
eacn commanded by a brigadier-general, the limit
or eacu brigade to be fixed by the com iii»nder-;n
chief. Brigadier-generals and their st.« ft' officers,
rilonels and .heir staff officers, and all regimental
■ and comDany officers deprived of their office by
• season o; me reorganization herein provided fur,
or by reason of the prov.sious of an act tf the
. c.r-lciure approved March "Jtj, 1890 (entitled an
ac;,*eic.) »nd all officers mime.cd out of the ser-
• # vlce by reason of such reorganization under gen
eral rder firm the adjutant general's
office of the State of California. numfceis
•8, 10. 11, 13, 17. series ol 1595. uuu
. general orders N'os. 2 and 3. aeries of 1896, respect
ively (piovid-d such officers shall have served as
' ciilnmi.-siune- Officers at least live years in the
. National Guard of California), be and the same
beieby are placed oa the retired ll* with their
• tat *'. provided that such officers si. a 1 make ap
p-IVu.iuri to t>- placed on the retired list, and ihat
ml rniii'.wi men mustered mi of me service under
tl c ptJ visions of the reorganization of tbe ■a
tional Guard of California shall be and the same
me nerebv entitled to alt the privileges and cxemp- -
mentu-n ■ I in section 1936 of the Po.itical
"Code, upon unking a proper application therefor;
• provided such eullsted men SQu.l have served at
least live yean iv the National Guard of Ca ifornla.
, In general orders No. 2 from general head
• quarters appears the following:
1 i.c following; changes have occurred among the
officers of the National Guard of California since
the date of general orders No. 1: J »'• . _
third Brigade— Paui M. Noruoe, to be major and
engineer officer, with rank from November 27,
1896, vice Maydwell, reilred.
First Infantry — William S. Swasey, to be sec
ond lieutenant Company O, with rank from De
cember?. 1896, vice Christ c, resigned.
second li.la.ntry— George -\. Nlhell, re-elected
cap: ain Company C, witu rank from November
30, 1«87.
Ka.jih P. Bowerman, re-elected first lieutenant
Company <:, wl.li rank from Angus; 18, 1894.
- Nixih infantry— Arthur S. Giuurie. 10 h-s<cont
' lieutenant Company H. sixth Infantry, with lank
lr .hi January 1896, vice Bauibau-r. resigned.
Seventh Brigude--Koi.ert Wantiowsfci to tw cap
• tain of company A. with rank from December 15,
1896, vice .-chreiber, promoted. Harry A. Bates
to be fiist lieutenant, Company A, with rank from
■ December 15, 1896. vice Martin, resigned. Gabriel
Allen to be second lieutenant, company A, with
rank from December 15, j fe9fc>, vi. Haven, re
signed, a mos M. Austin to be first lieutenant and
comm ssary, with rank from Alar, h !' . 1896, ■vice
j>sdt-n, ptomoied. l-.dnrln H. Hutc -m to be
first lieutenant and quartermaster, with rank
from December 16. 189b, vice Ana iv. transferred.
James O. Capita to be li.--: lieutenant, l ompany
li, with rank fr mi December -j. 18. '6, v.c- Hay,
resigned; Will Richardson to De second lieuten
ant. Company K. with rank fioui December 21,
Ib9(j, vue i «pito, promoted
All competitors first clasi for charopionsh.p
nil <la!.s lor i 896 will meet at th • target range, .-at
ramento, on Marcu 27. 1897; firing loomrueuce
at IU o'clock A- M. Colonel I'arft Henshaw, l. (>.
K. P.. staff of c >innia:iuer-10-ch."f. ' win he in a:
tendanco »ad supervise the practice, and compeii
tors will be governed by me riles presciibed in
suial. arms firm,; legulations, N. v. C (G. U. .So.
14, sents of 1896).
.Ac ual lailio^d fare and botel expenses to the
amouui of (2, while in >acrauie:ito, will be al
lowed and pa d.
Railroad tickets maybe had by all sharpshoot
era in un form by applying at local railroad ticket
oflicei at o:ie and oite-ihi:d fare rounj trip. Ex
pense of railroad travel will be allowed at this rate
only
l he ammunition used in this contest will be fur
nicht-d 'jy the State, and shall contain not less
tnau tid grains of powder and Dtil.ets weighing not
less than 405 grains.
' • ilie ranges will be2ooy*idi for rifle and fifty
yards for revolver practice.
By the direction of tne command er-in-chief the
followiue is published for the information un I
guidance of all concerned :
1. The Myer si.nal code as adopted by the
tilted States A rruy and -Navy Board and m-n
--tioned in general orders 3^. August 1, 1896,
A. G. 0., United -States army, will, 011 ami after
•Jiarcfi 1, ;Bj7. be used for visual signaling In the
National Guard enJ for intercommunication with
the .\;;\<il iiattalion. Tbu use of ih- America. i
MiiiMt; voile, as prescribed in gejeral ordeia &!',
June "/8, 1839. A. G. 0., United Stales array, will
th r. after Dt» discontinued, except for telegraphic
purposes."
4. r«>e proficiency requ.r. d will be considered
to have ljeen attained by an officer or eu.iited
man und« r lustru-.tion wtie'i at a i stance of f.)ur
miles from .he <o:inec.i.ig station he can send and
receive five words per ii.;niu-, each five letters of
thi: written message to CjU it a* o ie worn.
. 3. Cards and pamphie loor aio ng full instruc
tions for us. ii,' Hit 1 o :*■ ill be furnithed b • the
division si^nul officer, >'. «j. c, upon appli
cation.
Since the issuance of lie order Major Fred 3.
J Pott has been commi&sloned lieutenant-colonel
and assigned to me position ol paymaster on
i he stuff of division commauaer Mijor-'ieneral
Nathaniel T. James, vice Lieutenant Fred F.
Folils, deceased.
The Second i:ri{ada.
. The Second Brigade, particularly that por
tion which has headquarters in San Francisco,
has been remarkably quiet during the past
week.
The cadet company of the First Infantry,
Captain L. E. Edwards commanding, will go
'into amp for four days shortly after vacation
in the Lowell High School of this City. The
•boysof-this company are all students at th e
High School and they are imbued with a mili
tary spirit that could be well emulated by
older members of the guard. They are to have
a oat ion next week and instead of spending
their lime in idleness they decided that they
would go into camp for four days. They will
•to into Niles Canyon, Alameda County, and
establish a camp according to ' the strictest
military rules. The captain consulted with
# Lieutenant-Colonel Duboce.' acting colonel of
'the First Infantry, and ;ie has given permis
iton Jo establish the camp and has rendered
considerable assistance and given advice that
will be of service to the company.
'. • Major Hugh T. Sime will accompany the
cadets and remain with them during the fou
flays, and while he will not be in command
over the hoys he will act in the capacity 01 ad
vispr.y officer. Maj >r Huber,« retired, late ol
the Second Artillery, has kindly loaned the
cadets the tents that they will quire, and
Lfeutenant-Colonel Thomas M. fluff, divi-ion
commissary, has made the necessary arrange
ments to see that the cadets are provided with
all that is necessary for their welfare. One
thing that the acting colonel of the First in-. ,
Msted upon was that no liquors of any kind
shall dc allowed on the camp grounds. The
cadets will start camp life either Monday or
Tuesday next.
On recommendation of the regimental ex
amining board the following appointments
and promotions have been made in the First
Regiment, Second Brigade:
corporal James Molloy. Company A, to be ser"
geam, 94 lercem; Corporal James 11. night"
company C, to be sergeant, hi per cent; Private
James Gills, Company C, to be quarter
muster segeant. 75 per cent; Private Ellery 1).
>iontrosp. Company K. 10 be corporal, 92 percent;
Private James M. foiey. company L, to be cor
porai, 90 per cent: Private Warren P. Lieb, Com
pany A. to be corporal, 90 per cent; Private Ed
ward (.oste:lo. Company A. to be corporal. 86 per
per cem : Private C. A. Schneider, Company H, to
be corporal, 84 per cent; Private It. O'Connell,
company * , to be corporal. 84 percent: Private
Lawrence E. Twomey. Company t., to be corporal,
80 percent; Private George E. Herslnger, Com
peny H, to be corpor.nl, 75 per cent.
The Signal Corps, Second Brigade.
The members of the Signal Corps, Second
Brigade, have Decome very enthusiastic in
their work oi late, and during the past two
I months not a Sunday has passed but some of
the members have been out on the hills prac
ticing with flags and heliograph and making
themselves familiar with the Meyer code of
signals, which is now used in the United
Slates army and has lately been adopted for
the National Guard of this State. The work
is hard ana difficult, but the young men who
belong to the corps are zealous and they are
aoing remarkably well with .the new code,
which is made up wholly of combinations Oi
1, 2 and 3. Yesterday they were engaged the
whole afternoon in signaling between Aita
Plaza and Lafayette Park
SaNTA ROSA, Cal., March 6.— Over sixty
wide-awake youne men generally answer the
roll call at the meetings of Company E of the
Fifth, and a more sociable and merry crowd
• would be hard to find. Dramatic and musical
I talent abounds among the members and an
I entertainment is given about once a month.
j At the last social Captain C. E. Haven, who is
I not much given to things dramatic, was, by
; false pretences, inveigled upon the sJage dur
ing the performance and then anil there pre
sented with a handsome gold-mount.-d sword
as a gift from the company. Lieutenant
Holmes made the presentation speech. .
Orders have just been received here from th«
adjutant-genera*'* office lor frergeant R. P.
■ Smith and Corporal J. R. Mailer to hold them
selves in readiness to participate in the State
championship shoot to be held at Sacramento
on March 27. Messrs. Smith and Mailer are of.
the championship class and wear gold medals
for previous high scores.
It is now considered certain that a new
armory ana dril.room will be erected by local
capitalists for the use of Company E. The
plans call for floor space 100x120. with dress
ing-rooms, stage and all modern conveniences.
Another improvement contemplated is a
; better shooting-ran
A range for the 200, 300 and 500 yard tar
i gets has been secured near Melitta, about four
I miles east oi the city. Upon the completion of
j the new electric railroad the targets will be
'■ moved to that spot.
A committee consisting of Captain C. E. Ho-
I yen and Lieutenants Holmes and Bean jour
j neyed to Petaluma recently for the purpose of
i presenting Company C of that city with the
handsome trophy won by it in the recent
shoot. The committee was right royally re
ceiVed and well entertained by the members
of Company C with a minstrel show, ball and
banquet.
EUctions were held recently to fill the civil
offices of the company, resulting in the selec
tion of W. H. Kidd as recording secretary, E.
A. Hutchinson a* financial secretary, and W.
J F. Cootes as armorer, with Captain O. E.
i Haven treasurer, ex-omcio. Company E was
I organized more than ten years ago, and has
j grown steadily in membership and efficiency
■ since its inception.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., March Under the
efficient management ot Captain Shoemaker
of Company E, the Third Brigade is rapidly
corning to the front both in point of numbers,
in drill and field movements. The members
are all manifesting a great interest in their
work and scarcely a drill niyht passes but
finds a full attendance. Last night was de
voted to field and setting-up work, 'ihe mem
bers of the command are justly proud of their
\ record at the butts, and hope to become the
crack company in the State in this regard,
possessing as they do some of the best rifle
shots in the community in their ranks.
Troop B, cavalry, presented a fine appear
ance as it left it* armory on Sunday la-t,
mounted on fine gray worses, for a day's out
ing and practice in the saddle. The cavalry
j men took an easy jauut through the surround
ing country, stopping some five miles out— at
I Perkins station— for lunch.
Owing to the threatening condition of the
weather, and not bjing equipped for a storm,
an early start was made lor home, arriving at
the armory shortly after 4 o'clock p. m. The
practice drill was greatly enjoyed by the
members of the troop, who ail showed up in
fine form and who are rapidly becoming very
proficient und.r the able handling of Captain
! Cooke, who insists trial duty .'hall be per
i formed correctly and lully possesses the confi
dence and esteem of his men. Fifty-two men
participated in the online, and joined in vot
ing it a complete success. The following mem
j bers have been sworn for one year: Corporal
' Gerber, Privates J. L. Sullivan "and Williams
' and Musicians llastenplug anil Schacht.
Company <; held a meeting lust night for
the purpose of perfecting a system to be Used
I at emergency calls. After several hours' dis
i cussion Ihe owing system was agreed
upon: Upon an emergency call being
j issued Captain Steam will" notify his
; two lieutenants, each of whom" will
1 notify two sergeants, who, in turn, will
i no tiiy the corporals; each ot me latter will have
| the address of seven private", all of whom ho
i musi notify, they being grouped in regard to
j their place of residence, so that each officer
' will have a certain territory to cover, and can
j cover hi-> rou:e i i the least possible time. The
j sergeants will follow the corporals, and give ■
| second notice, so tnat each private will be
! almost absolutely sure to receive notice. In
I the event of the absence or the illness of any
i officer, this duty will devolve upon the next
| ranking officer.
A week ago Thursday the company ap
) pointed a committee of seven to draft resolu-
I tions on the Cuban question. The n solutions
j were presented to the Cuban lea. ue Wednes-
I day night and published Thursday in the
i press.
The non-commissioned officers last night
I held a "school," whereat they discussed mili
i tary etiquette. The main subject touched on
last night was etiquette in letter and order
! writting.
The company has resolved that in event ot
| no camp appropriation being made this year
lit will go into camp, t/,e members pa*, in<r
j their own expenses, mid are looking about for
j other companies to join them and divide cx
i penses.
Captain Steams is very proud of his com
! pany and especially of his non-commissioned
officer?.
The State report for the last year shows that
forty-three men out of the total membership
of sixty-one qualified in the three snooting
c. asses. ' <
Wire-pulling has begun for the coming
company election. Everybody is out for office,
and it is n cmc of the dirk horse.
Work will soon be. commenced on the new
300 and 500 yard ranges. They will be situ
ated immediately north of the present range.
In spite of the very unsettled weather of
last Sunday, the signal corps of the .Third :
Brigade d.d some very sat.sfeciory heliograph
, work:. It Is very seldom that the'eorps misses
I an opportunity to take advantage of a Sunday
I "when the sun shines" and, instead of pistol
i practice, which has been the usual Hue of
work during the. rainy season, stations were
established at Sacramento and Newcastle, Ser
geant Bailey, taking charge , of the. home sta
tion on the Capitoi dome and Lieutenant Mar
tin running the Newcastle station, thirty
miles distant. ■ ■ ■....
Notwithstanding the clouded condition of
the atmosphere and the poor equipment of the
corps in the way. of heid-gi asses, messages
; were exchanged continuously from 11 o'clock
| until after midday. ■ . . ■
! Next Sunday Sergeant Byrne and Corporal
Roblin will b« the guests of Charles Forther
| lngham at Vacaville, and will take a helio
j graph with them in order to communicate if
| possible with the boys at h0m0. ,.'.".
Last Tuesday, evening the corps held its
monthly business meeting. Besides the busi
ness an election for non-commissioned officers
was held. Lieutenant Martin having decided
to leave > this matter to 'the members of ; the
corps. ■
Sergeant Watkins was appointed by the lieu
tenant to the position of second quartermaster
sergeant, vice Howard Martin, term expired.
On election Corporal Byrne was : piomoted to
third sergeantship and Private Strachauer to
corporalship. During the evening Assembly
men Malioney and Breiling and Mr. Clarke,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, MARCH 8, 1897.
brother of Assemblyman Clarke, were the
guests of the corps.
Refreshment* were served after the disposi
tion of busiutss and a general social time fol
lowed.
MODESTO, Cal., March 4. -On the 22d of
February Company D turned out in ihe morn
ing for field day exercises, and remained ou
the grounds until noon, during which time
battalion drill, guard mount, dress parade
and a sham battle were gone through with in
a manner reflecting credit on Capiain Morris
;ind his company. Fifty-five men were re
ported for duty. Before being dismissed the
captain distributed the company medals lor
lS'Jb", which were awarded to the following
men for target practice: First class, gold
medal, Corpoial Wil.iam Courtwright; second
class, silver medal. Corporal Willam Stuart;
ihird class, silver mednl, Captain (now Major)
R. K. Whitmore: lourth c.ass, sliver medal,
Captain D. W. Morris.
The day closed with a grand military bal
masque in the armory, «nd notwithstanding
the absence of Company H, who, though in
vited, did not come, on account <f the sina.l
number of men responding to the invitation,
the day wsis one long to b? remembered as a
gala event in our company history.
After the business meeting Tuesday night
lust the company drilled for an hour or more.
Each successive drill under the new captain
shows ihe men much improved in drilling,
and at next inspection they Will not bi found
as wanting in knowledge of the tactics as they
were at the last.
The regular monthly shoot for February was
held on the 21st of the month, and upward
of forty men engaged in target practice at the
200-yard rauge with the Hllowance of five
»hots each. The highest score was 23, but
several scores over 20 were made, ana not
more than six or seven failed to make the re
quired score to be enabled to shoot over the
! 300-yard range. Cikt Cele.
The Maval Battalion.
WOODLAND, Cal., March s.— Last Wednes
day evening about forty men appeared for
drill; fifteen minutes was devoted to the set
ting up exercises, and the balance of the hour
to company drill. Lieutenant Ward was in
command, as Captain Prindle was away and
will not return until some time next week.
The boys will have their first shoot at the
500-yard target one week from next Sunday.
1 The team that is to shoot with the Honolulu
team will be selected in a short lime. The
toys are working herd to get places on the
team, and the it-landers will have to shoot
I good aud strong to win.
The football team is on the anxious seat, us
j they expect to play the Suisun Valley team on
j March 14. The viuley team is without excep
! lion the best mnateur one in the Siate, and if
the boys beat them it will be quite a large,
I bushy feather in their cnp.
The bicycle circuit r.ders are here now and
the. races will take ulace at the racetrack
Monday. Two or three of ihe company boys
, are entered in the amateur events and we are
anxiously waiting to see how they will come
out. There are three application! on the
board to be acted upon next Wednesday even
ing.
The members of the Naval Battalion «•
sernoled in large numbers last Tuesday nignt
I in the armory on East street to listen to a
I lecture de'ivered oy Lieutenant-Commander
Louis H. Turner, His lecture, a Terr intenst-
I ing one from a naval standpoint, covered a
great deal oi what in the past went to make
up naval waifare, and it also treated of
modern warfare. Hi dwelt upon the we nder
lul seamanship that was required to navigate
the United Slates frigate Constitution and
save her from live vessels that were seeking to
sink or capture her. Then he drew a picture
of me fight between that noble vessel and the
Guerricre and explained the many maneuvers
mat were mi-.de and which resulted In the vic
tory for those of tiie United Stales vefM'.
Tne licht between the Albania and the
Kearsarge occupied tne attention of his hear
ers, and wniie he did not find anything to
complain of in the management of that sea
battle he was of the opinion that the seaman
ship on steam vessels is not equal to that re
quired to manage a sailing vessel. He con
cluded by a description and criticism of the
naval warfare of modern times, particularly
the ship fights dii ring the recent war in China.
The battalion will have n baitaiion drill and
dress parnde on ihe Spreckeis wharf to-mor
row night.
Lieutenant Ever ley of the battle-ship Oregon
visited the Canianche last week and insrieeted
the men, saw them drill, an<i after making «
thorough examination stated that the naval
battalion at this point is tetter organized for
] work than any of the similar organizations
'on the Atlantic seaboard. He was the guest
j of Lieutenant Gunn.
The members of the battalion are anxious to
know if the I.eeislature will mnke an appro
priation of $0000 to enable them to place the
organization on a more perfect fooling than
it is now. The battalion has an engineer on
the Camanche but no engineer corps, and the
organization feels that it is very much liKethe
boy who had a kite but no string. The kite
was nice to look at, but not of unv use lor ris
ing in the space above. They have a ship, but
no men to work her. Their snip, the Co
manche. is nice to look at, but if required to
go into action she is unavailable. Tue mem
bers of the Military Committee when they in
spected the ship on 'Wash.ngtoii's b.rthday
anniversary declared thit the appropriation
asked for was very moderate, and that tne
battalion ought to receive what it oesired.
Several oi tnem openly decbired that they
wou.d see that the measure went through, but
the naval reserves are waiting, still waiting,
Mr. and Mrs. Alfred Kucner, Who Were Wedded Yesterday.
to know if they will have an opportunity to
advance themselves in the art of nßval war
fare.
ROW IN A SALOON.
John Mattson Taken to the Hospital
With a Fractured Skull and
"Fatty" lilodos Arrested.
John Mattson, a painter livine at 017
Bush street, was taken to the Receiving
Hospital early yesterday morning, sufFer
ing from a fractured skull and two lacerated
wounds in his scalp, which were stitched
and dressed by Dr. Fitzpibbon.
Mattson received hin injuries in the Em
pire Theater saloon, 21 Ellis street, o!
which "Fatty" Blodes is the proprietor.
Blodes was arrested by Policruan Frank
RUey and locKed up in the '"tanks'' pend
ing the result of Mattson's injuries.which
are not serious.
Mattson said he went to the place about
10 o'clock on Saturday nignt and spent his
money freely. He left, but returned a few
hours later with a girl named Ro«e. They
had some liquor and then Rose ordered
more, which Mattson refused to pay for.
A lignt followed, and Malison was knocked
aown by a blow from a chair and four or
five men jumpod on top of him and beat
him i i 11 he was almost unconscious. He
says his pane containing over $50 was
taken out of his pocket.
Blodes admits that there was a tight,
tut says that Mattson commenced it an.i
struck the first blow. Mattson was so
drunk that he fell and his head struck the
iron rod around the bottom of thecounter.
Blodes denies thnt any chairs were used
or t:iat Mattson was relieved of his purse.
TO CUBE A COI,I> IN ONK DAY.
Take laxative BromoQuinine Tablets. All drug
gi&is iel und tne money n a tails to cure. -Oc
BETROTHED
SINCE CHILDHOOD
Nuptials of Miss Gerst
and Captain Naph
taly.
United Under a Canopy and
Bell of Wnite Fruit
Blossoms.
Miss TVresi Kutner and Alfred Ku'ner
of Fresno Married Last
Evening.
Miss Maybelle Gerst and Captain
Samuel L. Naphtaiy, ai'!-de-caraD on
General Warfield's staff, were married last
evening at 8:30 o'clock in tne dome room
of the California Hotel. Rev. Dr. Voor
sanger performed the ceremony in the
presence of 150 invited guests.
The bride is a daughter of Garison
Captain and Mrs. Samuel L. Naphtaly, formerly Miss Maybelle
Gerst, "Who Were Married Last Evening at the California Hotel.
Gerst and niece of A. Anspatsher, the well-
Known philanthropist. The groom is the
son of Joseph NapLtaly, a popular local
attorney.
The decorations of the apartments given
over to the wedding cuests were elaborate
and extremely beautiful. White fruit
blossoms, lilies and snow-whi;e roses
mingled with palms and rare ferns were
used with artistic effect. A canopy of
almond and apple blossoms was erected,
from which swung a white wedding-bell.
Here the young couple stood while they
repeated the solemn words that made tho
happy twain one. 'Hie bride was attired in
a handsome gown of white duchesse satin,
made perfectly plain. The corsage was
finished with a lichu of tulle, th? ends of
which fell to the hem of the skirt. Both
bride and groom were unattended.
The wedding of the young couple is a happy
termircntion nf an engagement of eight years'
standing, dating back to days when the"l>r!de
wore her hair in two bn ids down her back
and the groom was strutting about in knicker
bockers.
The presents of the newly wedded couple
were unusually beautiful. General Warfield
and stoft 1 sent a handsomely engraved silver
loving cup.
>iiss Tessie Kutner. daughter of Adolph
Kutner, the president of tne Kuiner-Goldstein
I'nmpnuy of Fresno, and Alfred Kutner. the
secretary of the same company, were married
lest evening at 6 o'clock at the residence of tne
bride's parents on Uctavia street.
Key. Dr. Nieto performed the ceremony, the
happy young couple standing under a canopy
of red and white roses.
The bride wss attended by Miss Grace Reich
man, who officiated as maid of honor, and
Miss Ti.lie Korn and Miss Carrie Kutner were
the bridesmaids.
Louis Kutner was best man, and Monroe
Goldsioin. Abranam Kutner and David Gug
genheim w- re the ushers.
Master* Nathan Goldstein and Leon Kutner
led the bridal party, strewing roses along the
path of tbe bridal party.
The briiie wore a handsome gown ot ivory
satin. The jupe w»s made periectly plain,
and the corsage was covered with tulle ana
trimmed with duchesse lace. Tne long tulle
veil was fastened to the coiffure with a wreath
of natural orange blossoms.
The maid of honor and the bridesmaids
were attired alike in white silk trimmed with
mousseline de sole.
Mr. and Mrs. Kutner will spend their honey
moon in Carson City. On their return they
will make their home in this City.
Among those sailing on the steamship Ala
meda for Honolulu, Auckland and Sydney on
Friday, March 5, were:
For Honolulu— James L. Barker, Professor
D. M. Bristol, Miss Charlotte L. Collins, R. A.
Craig, T. T. trench and wife, A. J. Henrique*,
Mre. E. G. Hitchcock, Miss H. C. Hitchcock,
Miss M. Hitchcock. Miss Holmes, Charles D.
Jacob, Donald R. Jacob, Miss B. Landers, G.
H. May.ew, Avery McCarthy, wite and child,
Miss Harriet Newell. W. G. Ogg, Miss S.
Owles, Miss Ida Belle Palmer, Mrs. de Richette
Quellette, J. A, Sears and wife, Mrs. J. P. Sis
i-on,.Miss E. Taylor, C. M. White, H. C.
Witt.
For Auckland— Thomas J. Stuart.
•For Sydney— Mrs. E. If. Board, J. Cran, Har
old Field, L. P. Goidstone, A. B. M. Gow, A. B.
Macklnto-sn, C. H. Palmer, Jerome J. Parmelee,
A. S. Patterson, wii c and two children ; J. RoD
inson, H. Stansh'eld and wife, Mrs. D. E. Wnite
and H. A. Williams, wile, three children and
nurse.
Join at Honolulu for Sydney— Miss Alice
Demiug, T. A. Kennedy and wife and S. E.
Laidley.
A very pleasant surprise party was tendered
to Mifs Sarah Blum by her many friends ai
her residence, ou Jones street, last Saturday
night. Dancinz and games were indulged in
until a lale hour, when a bountiful repa>t was
partuken of. Araons those present were:
Miss Ella Tranor. Miss Mollie O'Neil, Miss
Tessie Fitzgerald, Miss Adeline Seis, Miss
Sadie Byrne, Miss May McAul.ffe, Miss Maggie
Regan, " Miss Alice Phillips, Miss Maggie
Simon, Miss Kitty McAulifi'e, Miss Haute
Simon, Miss Annie Ennis, Miss Celia Kerr,
George Wise, Charles Cramer, Mr. Davis,
Harry Smith, Mr. McQuado, J. McAulifle, Mr.
Maroney, C. Regan, Jaue Botts, Robert Can
non, Jonn Malone, Mr. and Mrs. Ralphs, Mr.
and Mrs. Mncus, Mrs. Alexander, Miss Alex
ander, Miss Josie Ralphs, and others.
A pleasant surprise party was tendered to
Mildred Elenore Goetze on Friday aiternoon,
March 5, at her residence, 718 Filbert street,
the occr.sion being the second anniversary of
lier birthday. Games and singing were in
dulged in, after which refreshments were
served.
The Native Sons of Vermont will hold their
regular monthly entertainment and dance at
Odd Fellows' Hall Friday evening, March lU.
The following very excellent programme will
be presented on the occasion:
Overture, Dellepiane's orchestra; cornet
solo (selected), J. H. Brombeger. soloist of the
Emporium orchestra; t-ong, "Le Tortorelle"
(••Tne Dove") (L. Arditi). Mr-. Don Pardee
Kiggs, violin obligato, Mr. Riggs. "The Ara-
bian Niphts," a farcical comedy in three acts,
by the Columbian Stuck Company; characters
au<i ptsyers — Mr. Arthur Ilummi.igiop, Regi
nald Travers: Ralph Ormerod, Bert Morrison;
Joshua <iillibraud, (j. Bryant Conner; Dobson,
Stephen P. Andrews; Mrs. Hummi' gtop, Miss
Nora Doner; Mrs. Giilibrand. Miss Edith Law
ranee; Rosa Columbier, Miss Effie Bonde;
Daisy Maiilnnd, Miss Cora Lathrop; Barbara,
Miss' Linda Pritchard. Scene— Morning room
at Hummingtop's.
I>ancing will conclude the evening's pro
gramme.
Miss Rose Newmark, accompanied by Miss
Anna Sutro, has returned to her home in Los
Angeles.
. Mrs. L. Therkelsen (nee Mary A. Cachot,
' M.D.) is visithip her parents, Dr. and Mrs. M.
A. Cacbot, «nd will be at home the third Mon
day.
Miss Lizzie O'Connell will spend two weeks
in St. Helena, Napa County, with friends.
Mr. and Mrs. Henry Goldstein announce the
engagement of their daughter, Miss Lillie, to
Ike Wolf. Tue reception will be held at 1919
Sutler street Sunday, March 14, from 2 to 5
r. M.
The McKenzie Musical Society will hold its
fifth invitation soiree musicafe and hop on
Thursday evening. March 11, at Native Sons'
Hall.
A grand masquerade ball will be given by
the ''fielmonts ' on Saturday evening, March
13, at Einiraeht Hall.
Knights and Ladies of Honor.
Grand Treasurer Mrs. L. J. Wheelock visited
Kquity Lodge of t-acrameiito last Wednesday
night.
Grand Vice-Protector Mrs. Belle W. Conrad has
been confined to her home through illness the past
week, which interfered wiih i lie list of official
visits thai she hud • ■liinnea.
Among the distinguished visitors In town dur
ing the week were: .-uiireme Representative T. 11l
Bericey ami Grand Trustee ti. h. Bourguignon.
From Past Grand Protector Miss K. T. pHrker
of soior.i it wat .i-ri-r.auii-J that .- tar Ledge of
that place will move to more commodious quar
ters celebrating the event with a grand banquet.
Star Lojge is one of the most active and stiostiin
tiul lodges in the jm isdictlon. Miss i nrker was the
or(,aiiiz.-r of the lodge about ten years ago.
'Workman's Guarantee Fund.
The Workman's Guarantee Fund has adopted a
classified plan for the membership. The rates
have been fixed at 70 cents for all members tinder
the age of 35. 90 cents for between 35 and 45 and
$1 for members between 45 and 50. .
NEW TO-DAT.
■
Not stimulating — not
exciting — but tissue
building and health
giving — and by far the
most delicious drink
that can be prepared
for daily- consumption.
These are the quali-
ties in which cocoa
differs from- all other
drinks. It is the very
highest embodiment of
good, healthy food in a
most convenient form.
The pure— the fresh— the oe« 32 cups
cocoa Is GKIRAKDELLI'S. 25 cents.
The most certain and safe Pain Remedy. Instantly
relieves and soon cures all told«, Hoarseness, Sore
Throat. B onchitls. Congestions and Inflamma-
tions. 50c per bottle, sold by druggists.
NEW TO-DAT-DRY GOOT»« :'/ -
- §.ooo>OOOOOOOO^X
:. curtin I
5 GOIMOUT^F BUSINESS! |
$ THIS MORNING ¥
X At 10 o'clock we will &,
Jf commence the sale of our V'
X FIXE TABLE DAMASKS, A
§ Lira TABLE SETS, §
X FL\E DAMASK MPKL\S, X
0 DAMASK TOWELS, 0
$ LIKEN TOWELS FOR BAR USE, $
9 Lira HICK TOWELS, 9
X GLASS CRASH, X
X TURKISH TOWELS. 0
S SPECIAL! 1
$ — $
0 • 15 pieces 84, 94 and 104 »v
I LINEN SHEETINGS. f
O 5-1 and 04 2
| PILLOW LINEN, i
§ To Be Closed Oat at Half Price. $
I C. CURTIN, I
A 911 AND 913 MARKET ST. A
X>OOOOOOOO«»X> 4<KK»OOOCO<>e»<?C
Ok
*AT AUCTION
TO-MORROW,
TUESDAY .......BIAKCH 9. 1897.
At 13 o'clock noon, !
AT OUR SALESROOM, 638 MARKET ST.
*1.:.'0 Per Annum.
S. side (Xos. 1435, 1437, 1439 and 1441) of
McAllister st., 87:8 feet K. of Scott— Handsome
bav-wludo.v buildings of 4 French flats, with moJ-
ern improvements: in fine condition; with base-
ment; cement walk; street, In bituminous pave-
ment; McAlliiter-»t. and other cables; examine
this for an investment: lot 50x100 feet.
Pacific Height*.
8. line (Nos. 2217 and 2221) of Jackson st.
130:6 feet W. of Buchanan— cottages now on
the property; elegant location for a fine residence;
cement stone walk; street in btluminous rock; 4
car lines: examine this for a choice residence-
double lot, 50:6x100x127 feet.
Presidio Heights.
SW. cor. Sacramento ; and Walnut sts.— Bay-
windowed building; 2 French flats of 7 and -5
rooms; store and 4 rooms; full rents, $60: cement
walk and bituminous pavement on Sacramento
St.; Sacramea to-sl. cable: corner lot, 23x100 feet.
Seventh-Street Property.
SW. line (Nos. 444 and 446) of Seventh St., XW.
of Bryant— Front, building. 2 French flats; rear
building, 1 tenement; full rents, $32; cement
walk: street basalt rock; Bryan:-st. e.ectric cars;
lot 25x85 feet. ■
Castro Heights Residence.
W. line (No. 1020) of Castro st., 185 feet a of
23<1— Modern 2-story bay-window residence of 8
rooms and bath: handsomely decorated and pa-
pered throughout: brick foundation; high plas-
tered basement; stone sidewalk; all in fine condi-
tion; Castro-st. and 24th-st. cars; lot 21:3x90 feet.
Large Corner lot.
XX. cor. of Army and Xoe s:s — Good view; a
large corner lot; good speculation: see this; mv«
b& sold; L'astro-st. cable: lot 80x114 feet.
Mission Large .Residence Lot.
N. line of 22d st., E. of Sanchez— Grand view:
must be sold: Mission and 24th st. electric; large
building lot, 50:11x114 feet.
"Western Addition Residence Lots.
W. line of Lacuna st., 30 and 90 fret N. of Lom-
bard— 2 residence lots near the new boulevard ana
Government reservation; lots 30x110 feet each.
15th Street, -> ear Market.
- S. line of 15th St., W. of Xoe— lots, all ready to
build upon: only IVi blocks from Market St.;
pleasa.u surroundings; rare chance for a builder;
must be told; Castro and Fillmore St. roads; lots
25x115 feet.
Business Lot on 34th Street.
X. line of 24th st, K. of Folsorn— elegant
business lot to improve with 2 stores below and
French Hats above; street in ba3alt rock; several
electric roadi; large lot, 37:6x10u ieet.
Ocean View. ■
S. line of fcagamore st., W. of Capital— 2 lots
near steam depot, and electric roads: all read vto
build upon; pleasant surroundings; large lot, oOx
125 feet.
Ashbury Heights.
NE. cor. of Ashbury an. l 18th sts.— 3 elegant
residence lots, commanding a line marine and in-
land view; all ready to build upon: beautiful loca-
tion for a home; examine these; Ashbury s'.. sew-
ered; s. F. and S. M. electric road; corner lot, 25x
00; inside lots, 25 by 90 and 100 leeu
ISA9TON, KLDRIDGE & CO.,
638 Market st. ' Auctioneers.
I» A. Bertelln;. ires. B. Nordman. Vice- Pres,
A. W. Kirk, sea Jos. XorUman, Treat.
•■•'(Formerly 427 Rearny St.)
HAS REMOVED TO
16 KEARNY STREET
♦V*dS2fflsBlk£«#*Hl "' 1R *J is a uon-poi«onou»
<<* a flP p^|i remedy for Gonorrhcea.
< l'HF^^M| gleet, S orrhoe*.
IMyiDltoJiliTi.^a whites, unnatural dig-
JdUUI . (Ja»r»Dic«i n charges, or any mtiitmHia-
K***m n " to itrioture. tion. irritation or ulcera-
JPrevrnu conKgloa. tiou of mucous mem-
RWtHEEvANS CHEIIIPHCo. branes. Non-astringen-.
I^AcihGINMATI.O 91 I Sold by DrosrHatc,
USA aHT or sr ' nt in plain wnppe'
imlmH^ " _^4&& by express, prepaid, for
'UWUH^M 1 1 - 00 - or 3 bottles, y.7\
'^OBrV' ■ Ciicular sent or. - mast.
NOTARY PUBLIC.
nHARLKS H. PUILLII'S. ATTORNEV-AT-
\J Law and Notary obllc, 638 Market st., oppo-
site Palace Hotel.' Telephone 570. Residence IIUO
fell street. Telephone •* fin* " 2581.
I££oBl MANHOOD RESTORED^SS
R* '<*? f*\ W9 •'Wv & tion °* a '> moU!1 French physician, will quickly cure you of all ner.
IK ,- \ 1 \\> ...- \T vons or diseases of the generative organs, such as tost Manhood
V*. cSAI ■ X*. ' / a Insomnia, lains in tneßfick, Seminal Emissions, Nervous Debility'
V O^L \ -Pimples, Unfltness to Marry, Exhausting Drains, Varicoc.le arid
XT' I V ■•"-■•■■'-/ Constipation. It stops all losses by day or night Prevent 3 quirk.
. V»^ nessol discharge, which if not checked leads to Spermatorrhoea
apropr mnirrrD ■ all the horrors of Impotency. C'tTHIOKSE cleanses the liver, Uii
BEFCRfc. AND AFTER kidneys and the urinary organs of all imparities. '^
'_S CCPI^EJfE strengthens and restores small weak organs. - •
;■ *" :., The reason sufferer-, are not cured by Doctors is because ninety per c°nt are troubled wit*
Pro* t all t la. CDPIDENE is the only kno remedy to care without an operation. 5000 testimony
Bis. A written »rc:irantep given and money returned if six boxes does not effect a permanent ear*
I $1.00 a box, six fur $5.00, by mall. Send for krik circular and testimonials.
- . Addreu UAYUi^ aiUDICINiS CO., 1170 Market street, San Francisco, Cal. For sale by '
JbKOOiCS 1 r JU.AK&I AC 119 I'OweU sire*
I I
j GREAT §
i <* -of? I
I OP THE AGE !
i : A FAMILY 111 |
'; Which is an external and internal 9
J remedy without an equal. %
• HOT II HEW PREPARATION. BUT ONE 1
!! THAf HIS STOOD THE TtST OF OVER 5
I" * A QUARTER OF A CENTURY. |
I Thousands of persons all ♦
; ; over the United States ♦
; ; gratefully praise Dr. Mar- jj
;; tin's Pain Curer and are |
; | never without it. |
■
i I a
* The Curer is free from all injurious 4 ►
I I and poisonous properties, and is en- ( ■
I 1 tlrely vegetable in its composition. It | p
■ ' tones up and strengthens the system, «'<>
" \ purifies the blood, expels bad matter 2
I 1 I ; from the organs of the body generally, \ «
1 ' promotes digestion, regulates the appe- <►
|| tite and secures a healthy state of the ' '
1 1 system and its various functions. Taken , ,
' ' occasionally as a preventive of disease, < •
; , it keeps the mind cheerful and happy ®
1 1 by promoting healthful action of the , (
1 ' skin, heart, lungs, stomach. pancreas, <►
' ; bowels, l'^er, kidneys, bladder, spleen, JJ
1 1 spinal co~iiiD, and the whole nervous ( )
' ' system. It is al-o especially always < '
T WOMAN'S FRIEND, and is nnequaled •
i f FOR THE PREVENTIOM RH^CORE i
1 I —OF— ,O
\ 1 Rhenmatism, Neuralgia, Pains In !'.
< 1 General, Bowel Complaints, Dys- «
1 ' popsia, Dysentery. Cholera Hor- O
I i "bus, Diphtheria, Sore "Throat, ! [
' ' Pneumonia, Diabetes, Xrjiom < ,
1 ' Complaints, Disease mt tho stem- 1 I
1 1 ach and Bowels OeneraVly, Liver ! [
1 ' Complaints, Kidney Complaints, . ,
' ' Sciatica, Lumbago, Colds.Congh», O
) I Local and General DebiUty, Bead- ' , !
' ' ache, Karache, Toothache. Kick- < »
I ' ness in Stomach. Backache, Burns, P
I I Swellings, Boils, Sores, floors, §
1 ' Colic, Cramps, Sprains, Braises, o
'[ .Scalds, Wounds, Cestiveness, In- '^
( l digestion, Skin Diseases, Execs- | |
' ' ilir Itchings and many other ]< >
] I complaints too numerous to name | J
< I here. In a word, the great Pain 4 )
' ' . Curer of the Age is an unequaled * ►
, , family remedy. ' J
j; Price: 25c, 50c, $1.00 per Bottle, ♦
| • c
ii L. CALLISCH, Wholesale Agent for %
X the Pacific Coast, S»n Jose, Cal. J
. i Tot sale by all druggists. The trade
m supplied by . Redington & Co., Mack, i
* & Co. and Langley & Michaels. San $
f Francisco. 0
0000000000000
AN EXCELLENT
ft TTTT AT Properly prepared and
|\/l I™* A I promptly served, can
iwXJ-^x IJ^ . always bs obtained in
THE GRILL ROOM OF THE
Decidedly the nA T A /~*Y?
Most Popular KA A I H
Dining Apart- 1 iil^ii\Ji-l
merit in town, —.■mi.ii.iukw.hm^
o-000000000000
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIA.NA BITTKUS, TIIK
O great Mexican Remedy: gives liealtH auJ
Strength to the sexual Organs.
56
CHARLES M. SMORTRIDQE,
Editor and Proprietor. .
SUBSCRIPTION .RATES— PosUj^ Fre«:
Daily and Sunday Call, on? week, by carrier.. $0.18
Dally and Sunday Call, oae year, by ma 11.... 6.00
Daily and Pundfcy Call, six month*, by mall.. 3.00 j
Daily and Sunday Call, three months by mall 1.80
Daily and Sunday Call, one month, by mail.. .66
Sunday Call, one year, by mail 1.60
Vk ilUi.y Call, one year, by ma 11 ....... mm *•••
BUSINESS OFFICE:
7 10 Market Street,
San Francisco, California).
Telephone Main-IBM
EDITORIAL ROOMS:
61 ; Clay Street.
TeJeph«n» Main— ll74
BRANCH OFFICES:
627 Montgomery street, corner Clay; open until
0:30 o'clock.
889 Hayes street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
615 Lark In street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
, b\V. corner Sixteenth and Mission streets; opes
intll 9 o'clock.
2618 Mission street: open until 9 o'clock.
167 Ninth street; open until 9 o'clock.
• fi3o6 Polk street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
OAKLAND OFFICB:
808 Broadway.
EASTERN OFFICE:'
Rooms si and S3, 84 Park Row, New York Clt».
DAVID M. FOi.TZ, Eastern Manager.
THE CALL SPEAKS FOR ALL.
MONDAY MARCH 8, 1897
During the week ending yes-
terday THE CALL published
46 155 inches
of advertisements, which is
QQ4 inches more
than was published by any other
San Francisco newspaper during
the same time.
Help the boulevard project-
Let us start the new era with good work.
The unemployed claim attention and
deserve it.
After this week comes the extra session
and politics will hum again.
There ie plenty of wort needed in San
Francisco to give employment to all her
industrious people. All ihat is lacking is
the means to sev it i;oine.
There will not be 100 much objection to
a protective tariff this ytar. The free
traders may growl a little, but they won't
tight.
There are many warm places within the
gift of McKinJey, but if any man prefers
one redhot he can apply for the Ministry
to Spain.
The new Senate will show many changes
from the Oid, but as nearly all of them
will be improvements the people won't
complain.
Secretary Gary carries to Washington
eight, unmarried daughter.^, and his house
is likely to be the grand court of the ad
ministration.
Since that Senator Chandler has discov
ered tiiat Senator Butler is an "uncorfced
Populist" he will confer a favor by putting
the cork back.
Now that we have an administration
that cares for American labor we shall
soon see a marked change from the condi
tions of Cleveland days.
It Weyler ever gives this administration
occasion to send him a note to stop op
pressing American citizens in Cuba, he :
will obey it without back talk.
The Greeks are bold in the consciousness j
that no matter what may happen as a j
result of war, there is bound to be left a j
grease spot in Europe somewhere.
It is being frequently stated in reports
of musical events in Europe that Patti
never sang so well for many years as she
is singing this winter. Look out for an- ;
other fareweil tour.
A Missouri legislator has introduced a
bill making it a misdemeanor for railroad j
conductors to flirt with women passen
gers, and his fellow members are in doubt
whether it is a bJow at the conductors or
the ladies.
There is actually a bill before the New i
York Legislature to prevent newspapers '
from publishing caricatures of public
men, but the chances are the men who are
pushing the measure only wish to get
their pictures printed.
A Chicago man has arisen with a claim j
for 600 acres within tne limits of Phiiadel- j
phia, but as he does not wish to live in i
that city He is willing to comDromise. In I
the pieantime Philadelphia is not dis- j
turbed and scornfully warns the Chicago j
man that if he continues to make such i
claims he may be run into a pork-packing
establishment some day and salted down.
The rapid increase in the size of ocean I
steamers between this country and En^- i
land nas already required larger harbor i
facilities ami both New York and London
are preparing to make them. If the de
mand for bigger ship" grows as rapidly as '
it has done in the past twenty year?, the j
next generation ma 7 have to enlarge the j
Atlantic or abandon »hip 3 altogether and
build a bridge.
They are having a high old municipal
campaign in Chicago. One oi the candi
dates on an independent ticket announces
that if elected he will allow every citizen
tue personal liberty to gamble if he feels
like it, while another declares he will
turn all the vacant lots in the city over to
the poor for the cultivation of potatoes
and beans. The voter has before him a
jackpot and a beanpot and can take his
choice.
The White Star Steamship Company
announces the intention of building a
steamer 704 feet in length, oi twenty-rive
feet longer than the Great Eastern, and it
is predicted that a steamer 1000 feet long
will soon be alloai. On such a ship it
would be possible to construct lawn tennis
courts, bicycle tracks and all the acces
?ories of a summer r«aor{. Once on board,
a man might cross the ocean without
ever knowing he had left his notel.
There is danger that New York may
lose Madison- square Garden. TH« build
ing does not pay dividends on the invest
ment, and the stockholders arc not filling
to keep it up simply for the public beneiit.
In the fame way London is in danger of
losing Crystal Palace. It seems that if we
are to h;.ve pleasure buildings so large as
to be virtually roofed parks, they must be
provided by the government like open
parka. They are too costly for private
ownership.
A OOWAEDLY ASSAULT.
The Examiner yesterday added another
infamy to the large list of its recent
offenses by making a vile and cowardly
attack on Senator Morehouse.
The animus for the assault is of course
to be found in the fact that it was Senator
Morehouse who spoke out promptly and
bravely in defense of the Legislature from
the Examiner's vile and evidently un
warranted attack upon it, and who de
manded that the author of the defama
tion should be obliged to support its direct
charge with equally direct evidence or
suffer the consequence of publishing a
willful lie. Because Senator Morehouse
has compelled the attorneys and man
agers ol the Examiner to a confession of
guilt it turns upon him with the favorite
weapon ot a coward and attempts to
assassinate his character with an in
nuendo.
Senator Morehouse needs no defense
from such assaults as this. He is too well
accredited to the people of California as
one of its foremost citizens and as a gen
tleman whose public career and private
character are equally beyond the reach of
such assassins of reputation as the Ex~
amintr is known to be, to suffer from any
imputation which, this vile libeler may be
venomously moved to make. Tne object
of this resentment of the Examiner's cow
ardly blow at Senator Morehouse is to
auvise other citizens of like character and
reputation that they too are not safe from
equally villainous anil unfounded assaults
so long as the Examiner is permitted to
play coyote throughout the State of Cali
fornia snapping its dripping jaws at every
one who happens to cross its path or in
terfere with its cowardly and criminal
vocation.
THE BUSINESS OUTLOOK.
It is an unquestioned fact that business
is steadily though slowly improving. The
effects of the depression caused by the
free-trade tariff are still severely felt in all
parts of the country, but by degrees in
dustries are reviving, trade increases in
activity and public confidence is rapidly
re-establishing itself.
One of the depressing influences upon
the country is the deficiency in the Na
tional revenues. For the month of Feb
ruary it amounted to $4,206,804, and for
the current fiscal year up to tne close of
February it aggregated $48, 121,686. This
large and growing deficiency, added to the
debt already piled up during the Cleve
land administration, while it does not
form a serious menace to a nation so
wealthy as this, nevertheless constitutes
a source of annoyance to trade and indus
try and interferes materially with the ad
vancement of all Icinds'of enterprises.
The fact that an extra session of Con
gress has been called for the purpose of
providing a tariff which will put an end
to the deficiency 13 in itself a great en
couragement to business activity. The
Drogress of the revival of industry whicn
has hitherto been slow may be now ex
pected to advance with more rapid steps.
According to the best information ob
tainable there will be no prolonged oppo
sition to the new tariff bill in the extra
session of Congress, which is to assemble
next week. An early Cose to the defi
ciency is therefore well assured, and as a
result public confidence will soon return
to its normal conditions.
The business improvement, while it has
been slow, has been substantial. There
has been no overspeculation in tne coun
try for years. Everything is on a oedrock
basis, from the price of clothing to the
price of land. The trade of the country is
on a foundation absolutely solid. It is
one on which men can afford to build
with courage and enterprise, because it is
known to be safe and secure. There is
every reason therefore why we should go
forward with confidence, for the outlook
is more promising than bus bsen known
since the accession of Cleveland to otlice.
Fr^m the time when the new tariff bill
is reported to Congress until it goes in:o
effect there will be a large import of for
eign coods. Dealers will take every ad
vantage of the chance to get European
articles into the country before the higher
duties of protection are imposed. Thts
will to some extent disturb home indus
try, but the disturbance w;il be of short
duration. It is expected that the new
tariff can bs put into operation by the Ist
of July, and that date therefore may be
set for the commencement of the realiza
tion of much of the prosperity which we
expect with the McKinley administra
tion.
EXPORT OF FfiUIT.
In the latest volume of Consular Reports
issued by the Department of State there
is reproduced an article that appeared in
the New York Sun last fall, and upon it
Eugene Germain, the United States Con
sul at Zurich, make* sJtne comments and
gives some suggestion" that will be of in
terest to California fruit-growers. He has
a theory of what method our shippers
must adopt to secure a remunerative mar
ket in Europe, and to that theory he has
brought an evidence of Us correctness by
citing the practical results which have fol
lowed the pursuit of a similar plan by citi
zens of Switzerland who have made mil
lions by the method.
The pith of tha long article quoted from
the New York Sun is thnt the exportation
of California fruits to London has been a
losing came, but nevertheless a number of
capitalists persint in the traffic and expect
better results in the future.
The first sentence in Germain's corainent
on this article is to challenge the latter
statement with being one of those literal
truths which convey a false impression to
the reader. These determined capitalists
mentioned by the Sun he thinks have no
money invested in fruit-growing or fruit
shipping, except so far as their interests
in transportation are concerned. They take
no risks, and their profits do not necessa
rily go band in hand with the prosperity
of the producers. Tee transportation
charges and the commissions are guaran
teed, and when fruit is dumped on a glut
ted market it is the consignor and not the
consignee, the grower and not the trans
porter, who catches the disaster of the
deal.
The plan proposed by the Consul is for
fruit-growers to combine, appoint some
men of their own number who are finan
cially interested in the growing of lruiti,
and send them to the big European mar
kets ai permanent resident agents. These
men, as noon as they are advised by cable
of the shipments coming, aie to canvass
the cities and send sub-agents to the in
land io'.vus to place the fruits where they
are most wanted. These agents will gather
information about the crop prospects of
other countries and inform their consign
ors what to sen<! and what pay to expect.
hi practical illustration of ths workings
of the plan it is pointed out that many
magnificent palaces recently erected in
Switzerland and inhabited by millionaires
are the results of this method of merchan
dising. In th« town of Zurich alone,wbich
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, MARCH 8, 1897.
has but 149,000 inhabitants, the tax lists
show ninety-one millionaires.
This information is a little surprising,
for we are prone to think of the Swiss as a
frugal people wiio are content to live on
cheese and sublime scenery, ban Fran
cisco, though famed as a city of miflion
aires, is in a condition of deplorable pov
erty when compared with Zurich. To
equal that little town we should havo
some 200 millionaires. It would be worth
wnile to try the Swiss plan and see if we
coula not obtain tlie Swiss results. The
communication of the Consul is published
in full in "Consular Reports No. 197" for
February, 1897, and we commend its con
sideration to fruit-shippers.
A CHICAGO CANDIDATE.
A Chicago lawyer who is described by
the press of that city as a disbarred at
torney has announced himself as. an inde
pendent candidate for the office of Circuit
Judge on a platform so broad and scat
tered that it looks more like a lumber
yard than a platform It professes to be a
declaration of the ri^ht of men to life,
liberty and ihe pursuit of happiness, but
in its details it declares for free gambling,
lotteries, saloons, opium-joints and little
games on the side.
The candidate has issued a manifesto to
the people, in which he begins by saying,
"All men are by nature frre and inde
pendent and have certain inherent and
inalienable rights." He then asserts,
"Any statute law which abridges these
rights is clear'y and unequivocally in op
position to the constitutions of the State
and of the United States," and declares
to the voters:
If yon elect me to the position of Judge of
the Circuit Court I will be enabled to dis
charge at once on a writ of habeas corpus any
citizen arrested In this county for violation of
either or all the laws and ordinances against
lawful gambling, pool-selling, horse-racing,
lotteries, etc. After such discharge, from
which there is no appeal by the prosecution,
the accused is absolutely Jroe to continue his
business. If the authorities or others inter
fere with the personal rights of any citizen,
and ho has not the personal courage or ability
to protect himself in the lawful exercise of
such rights, I should feel in duty bound to
issue an injunction restraining such officials
from all further acts of usurpation and
tyranny.
That this platform may be more accept
able to the people of Cnicago, the candi
date proceeds to argument. ''The masses
of the people,' he declares, "should not
be deprived of tneir inherent rights or the
Nation converted into a gigantic kinder
garten because a lew weak-minded indi
viduals cannot take care of themselves.
Legitimate gambling," he adds, "if unre
stricted, will till our deserted office build
ings with paying tenants and put in cir
culation at lease $5,000,000 annually.
Horse-racing and pool-selling would bring
to our city and circulate among tho people
at least $10,000,000 more. Honest lot
teries, if established, would gather into
the coffers of Chicago not less than $20,
--000,000 per annum, making a total of
$35,000,000 which should now be circulat
ing in Cook County."
It will be interesting to see bow many
votes Chicago polls for a candidate on
that platform. It will no doubt be entic
ing to those who desire to see a larger
Chicago, for it promises to let down the
bars and run the city wide open. The can
didate claims to have obtained over 10,000
names to his petition fora place on the of
ficial ballot within a few days after he
began his canvass, and says he will hava
125,000 before the time comes for riling it.
There is just one candidate of the kind
In the country, and. it is not surprising
that Chicago has him.
COAbT EXiHAIvGES
The, Stockton Mail has entered upon its
eighteenth year. Tho paper occupies a high
place amoug the journals of the State, Rnd «j>
pears to be enjoying the fruits of brainy enter
prise.
There is another mound in tho newspaper
graveyard of Northern California. The I'klah
Herald has yielded up the ghost alter fifteen
months of vain endeavor to create a place for
itself in Mendocino Coanty.
William AUspaugh is now associated willi
\V. M. Uenijt in the publication of Denig's
Pony Kjrprets at Stockton. Mr. AUgpaugh pur
chased the interest of W. L. Howoll, who, It is
said, con t«m plates starting a new Democratic
paper in Btockton.
The Grass Valley Telegraph looks brighter
and fresher than ever, having just donned a
new dreM of type, with all the latest frills and
fancies of tho printer's art to -adorn it. A
newspaper, in onlcr to afford such stylish at
tire, must be enjoying a considerable degree
of prosperity.
Salt Late City has a new journal, t lie Onyx
Illustrated Saturday Night, the objects of wliich
are to prove the value of a nsw method of
illustration by means of specially prepared
onyx plates, and to s.-rve the people 01 the
metropolis of Utah with an up-to-date illus
trated weekly newspaper.
The Wertern National, the latest addition to
the list ot Berkeley's newspapers, is a neatly
pot up and cleverly edited weekly of six
teen pages. It is rather distinctively a family
journal, containing many literary and fireside
amusement features, as well as current news
and timely comment on passing events. K. C.
Overman is the editor and Anthony P, Morris
the manager.
Salinas is going ahead rapidly in the way of
industrial progress. Not ouly is she goii.g to
have an immense sugar factory, but a shoo
factory has just been started ther«. and the
Salnias Owl repjrts that big cooperage works
will goon be cni&blished in the town. l»eer
kegs will be the chlctf outpu;, as the timter
(white oak) required in their manufacture is
nmndaui on the Monterey coast.
The Adin Arpu* says that it is astonishing
how many business men ran be :nlked iuio
taking space in a chart, or frame, or register,
or some other thing that has no excuse for ex
lstenc?. "A scneroer will get more for his
worthies* card than a country publisher with
a good circulation would accept lor a whole
month's insertion. It is people thus duped
who coin plain that advertising does not pay."
San Jose surpassed all rival fiestas a year ago
with its rose carnival. The Campbell Visitor,
printed in one of the suburbs of the Garden
City, suggests that a fruit carnival be held this
year in preference. iivery citizen of banta
Clara County is interested either directly or
indirectly in the trim industry, and the Vititor
ii convinced that «uch an affair would meat
with popular favor and be a magnificent suc
cess.
The Bodie Miner- Imhx gives the mining
world a pointer that may be said to verge on
the sensational. It is this: "A well-known
Bodeito, who worked for two-thirds of a gener
ation on the Comstoclc, conuitqntly asserts
that to nis certain personal knowledge there is
a considerate body of ore in the Belcher mine
which has bee.n systematically covered up and
concealed for more than fifteen years. He says
he worked la it and saw it, and knows whereof
ue speaks."
The Johannesburg Newt, published in one of
the thriving towns of California's desert min
ing j region, declares that stories which • have
appeared in exchanges from j distant parts of
tho country, describing the Rand as an abso
lutely barren district, are far from true. The
News proceeds to enlighten the outside world
as follows : ':, ■, - ■ ; i2:£ : - .*.";*: ■■ /;■ ~7:
"A careful study of the elements composing
its surface soil, together with a knowledge of
the conditions necessary to a prolific larmlng
country, leads one to take quite an opposite
view of the situation. ' ' i \. .. y : .
"The first element necessary to a good crop
is moisture. % This most important feature we
have. Six and twenty-five hundredth* inches
of rain aim snow have already fallen here Una
season with prospects for at least two inches
more, making a total of 8 25 inches, thus as
suring abundant irrigation for rye, barley ana
ether cere/ils not requiring moisture during
the entire course of maturing.
"The heavy growth of bnncn grass, shrubs
and other bushes after the recent rains proves
the richness of the soil and the lact that it
contains all the life-giving elements necessary
for the successful growth of cereals, vege
tables, etc. The only remaining element nec
essary is the hand of man to guide the plow
and cultivator and the combination is com
plete. This last.element is wanting, and it is
aggressively apparent to even 5 casual ob
server that, witt» the advent of toe practical
farmer, this district will become, in addition
to the richest gold camp in America to-day, a
flourish! njj farming community."
The Tribune of 9an Diego says that tobacco
raised within the limits of that city is being
made into cigars and sold to smokers. "'This
tobacco was planted less thun a year ago.
The cigars made from it are liked by some and
disliked by others. Certain it is that the
home-made ana home-grown product is sur
prisingly gooa considering the newness of the
soil and the necessarily experimental methods
in curing the leaf. Pipe tobacco from XI
Cajon ranch finds considerable favor. These
actual productions of fairly satisfactory to
bacco in this county are promising for a con
siderable increase of a most valuable in
dustry."
NEWS OF FOREIGN NAVIES.
The first keelplate of the Ocean, armor-clad
of 12,050 tons and 13,500 horsepower, was
laid at Davenport dockyard February 15. She
Is the first battle-ship c ver given to that yard.
An epidemic of mumps has broken out oq
the British battleship Prince George and ihe
ship has been placed in quarantine. There are
also cases on the Blake the patients of which
have been sent to the hospital.
Spain has made a contract with Stephenson
& Co. on the Tyne for the construction of a
floating dock to be located at Olongapo, Phil
ippine Islands. The dock will be 450 feet in
length, 117 feet extreme width, 38 feetG inches
in height and will have a lifting capacity
of 12,000 tons. It can accommodate vessels
500 feet in length.
The Norwegian armor-clad Harald Haarfaeer
was launched January 5 from the Armstrong
yard at Walker-on-Tyne. She is of 3500 tons
displacement and carries two 8-inch, four
7-inch, six 12-pound and six Impound quick
firing guns. The armor bc.t varies from 7
inches to 4 inches In thickness. The christen
ing ceremony was periormed by Mme. Stang,
a descendant of Harald Haarfager, the rirst
King of Norway.
The lack of men for tiie British navy, which
is frequently made a topic of discussion in
and out of Parliament, appears to be not well
founded, and the fact is that the navy can al
ways have as many as it wants and have its
pick of the best. Twice during the past year
the standard of admission was raised, and in
6pite of this 40 per cent of those serviceable
could not be admitted. It is the personnel of
a reserve navy that is wanted rather than
blue-jackets and mechanics for the regular
navy.
At the Vulcan shipyard, near Stettin, Prus
sia, three protected cruisers are being built
for the Chinese Davy. They are each of 2950
tons displacement, 328 feet in leagth, 41 feet
b am and 1G leet G inches me.-.n draught. They
are to have engines o.' 8000 horsepower to drivt
the ship 19? o knots. Their armament consists
of three Gincji and eight 4-inch quick-firing
guns of the Krupp pattern, and also six V/i
--inch Hotchkiss and six Maxim guns. The
torpedo-tubes— three— are all above water. In
the same yard two cruisers of 5G50 and 5900
tons are being built for the German navy.
Asa protection against torpedo attacks a
Dr. Jones proposes to lit vessels with steel
shields made in the form of the hull, which
in ordinary circumstances will rest against
the vessel itself. The shields are to be fastened
to tne ship at the top with hinges, and are
loose at the bottom, and capable of baing pro
jected outward for a distance of twenty feet.
The notion of the learned doctor is that these
shields and the cushion of water between
them and the shin wi.l protect the latter from
material injury should a torpedo be exploded
against the guard. The project, however, Is
not seriously considered by naval men, who
see the insurmountable obstacles in carrying
out the idea into practice. As torpedo booms
and nets have been abandoned, the only and
best means of protection lies in the quick
firing guns, of which now a greater number
than ever is carried, mainly with tne object of
disabling or destroying hostile torpedo-boats.
PERSONAL
J. Weil of Sanger is at the Grand.
John M. Stone, a druggist ot Lob Gatos, is at
the Grana.
\V. A. Gett, a lawyer of Sacramento, is visit
ing at the Lick.
A. ('. Snyder. a Santa Cruz druggitt, is regis
tered at the Lick.
J. C. Turner, a farmer ol Red Bluff, is a late
arrival at the Russ.
K. L. Peterson, a merchant of Milton, is a
guest at the Grand.
C. Scbuler, a business man of Santa Rosa, is
at the Cosmopolitan.
Miss M. Mr J.angton of Sacramento is at the
Cosmopolitan Hotel.
Joseph Billieu, a St. Johns merchant, is
staying at the Grand.
J. J. Williams, a merchant of Sacramento, is
a guest at the California.
C. H. Livingston and wife of Stockton are at
the Cosmopolitan Hotel.
B. Gordon, a Los Angeles tailor, is among
the late arrivals nt the Grand.
George Smith and wife of Haverhill, Mass.,
are at the Cosmopolitan Hotel.
N. P. Chipmanof Red Bluff registered yester
day at the Palace with his wife.
Walter J. Green of Utica, N. V., arrived at the
Palace last night with his bride.
Alfred Kutner, a large merchant of Fresno
County, is at the Palace with hia wife.
Dr. C. T. Poore of New York arrived at the
Palace yesterday accompanied by his wife.
I). C. DemareKt, a mining superintendent of
Angels Camp, is making a short slay at the
Lick.
J. M. Wilmansand J. C. Wilmans, merchants
of Newman, Stanislaus County, are puests at
the Lick.
H. M. La Rue, the Railroad Commissioner, is
down fr-im Sacramento and is stopping at the
Occidental.
K. Williams and A. L. Hatheway, of Vallejo,
are among the recent arrivals at the Cosmo
politan Hotel.
Arthur Peterson of Philadelphia arrived
here last night on his honeymoon trip and
took apartments at the Palace.
Among yesterday's arrivals at the California
The Vice-President's Gavel.
Vice-Presldent Hobftrt will use in his office as president of the United Btates Senate a beau
tiful gavel which cost $500, and which was recently presented to him by tbe officers of the
First National Bank and of the Patersou Savings Institution of Paterson, X. J. The presenta
tion Was made at a pleasant little dinner, in which the Vice-President was tne central
figure. The gavel is made of wood taken from a large apole tree that grew near Mr. Hobart's
place Qi birth at Long Branch. It is prettily carved, and its mountings are in gold and were
made by Tiffany. On the head is a plate bearing the following inscription: "Garret Augustus
Hoburt, twenty-fourth Vice-President of the United States of America." Belnw the plate
bearing the inscription are engraved an eagle, a shield and olive branch. The tip of the
handle is decorated with a liberty capof gold. Mr. Hobart received the gavel with a neat
speech by tbe president of the First National Bank, and tn torn made a pretty and appro
priate rcspouw.
were: C. Douglas Fox and J. M. Gooch, two
largo ranchers from BakersfleVd.
Lieutenant B. A. Tishe, U. 8. N., arrived at
tne Palace yesterday accompanied by Mrs.
Tishe and Miss Tishe. He is on his way to
Mare Island.
Evan Stephen* and W. Christopherson of
Salt Lnke City, representatives of the big Mor
mon Tabernacle choir that appeared here
several months ago, arrived here last night to
look over the field in hope of securing another
engagement. They are at the Grand.
NEWSPAPtR FLHASANIRY
Landlady— l congratulate you, sirl A dot or
a girl?
Oldboarder— A little of both, thank you!—
Puck.
Office Boy— Mr. Gaybird is out to lunch, sir.
Caller— Ah, and will he be gone long?
Office Boy— Oh, no, sir. He went with his
wife.— Truth.
"Are you the new girl?" asked Mr. Wheeler,
coming down to breakfast.
"Yes, sir," replied the maid.
"What make wheel do you ride?"— Yonkers
Statesman.
Johnny— Mrs. Jawkins, ma wants to know
will you trust her with the loan of a cup o'
sugar.
Mrs. Jawkins— You tell your ma that I don't
believe in the iugar trust.— New York Com
mercial Advertiser.
Mr. Esplanade— l miss one topic from the
programme of the mothers' congress which I
fully expected to see discussed.
Mr. Monterey— What is that?
Mr. Esplanade— ''How to Manage a Hus
band," by Miss £oanao.— Pittsburg Chronicle-
Telegraph.
Customer— l don't see. how anybody can han
dle a big stock of glass like this without doing
a lot of breaking.
Persuasive Salesman— They can't, ma'am.
Two firms broke all to pieces trying to handle
this lot. That's why we can sell it so cheap.—
Chicago Tribune.
THE PEACE OF EUROPE.
'i hey are gathering round the island,
They're besieging little Crete;
They have tons of guns and powder
On the vessels of cac.i fleet:
They could blow the Isle to atoms—
Yes, and smile, too, as they blew it—
For they'll keep the peace of Europe
Jf it lakes a fight to do it !
They are growling at each other
Like a lot of Hilary curs;
Each is Jealous and su-p. clous
' If another bulldog stirs;
Each would like to crush the others,
Vet each knows that he would rue it—
And they'll keep the peace of Jiurope,
If it takes a fight to do it ! . • •'
Cleveland Plain Dealer.
PARAGRAPH^ AriOUl' PEOPLE.
Chief Kennedy, after more than fifty years'
service in the New Haven (Conn.) Fire Depart
ment, is soon to retire.
Henry Heitfeld.the new United States Bend
tor from Idaho, was a farmhand in Neharaa
County, Kansas, up to 1882.
Mrs. John D. Rockefeller is as devoted to
hospitals where her charities are concerned
as her husband is to universities.
Carlotta, Maximilian of Mexico's widow,
whose physical health during her long insan
ity has been good, is said to be now rapidly
declining.
Professor Warren Holden of Girard College,
after forty-five years of service as professor of
mathematics, has been retired with a yearly
balary of $2500.
The Populist Governor of Kansas has ap
poiuted the wife of ex-UoYernor John P. Bt.
John, the Prohibitionist, to a place on the
Board of Regents of the State Agricultural
Coflege.
John Siddons of Snareston, near Burton-on-
Trent, England, is tne oldest chorister on
record. He has just celebrated his ninetieth
birthday. Siddons joiueci tne Parish choir
in 1814 and still sings in it. He has been
parish clerk for over iifty year.", succeeding his
father, who held the office for twenty-nine
years before tLe son .
Vice- President Hobart has been besieged by
begging loiters every day since election. One
young woman is said to have written to him
from New Orleans requesting $10,000 with
which to complete her musical education, and
asked Mr. Hobart to telegraph when the
money would arrive. Another woman asked
for $8 for a set of false teeth, saying that her
ciiHU'cs of getting a husbaud would be vastly
increased thereby.
INDUSTRIAL INVASION OF ENG
LANT.
Philadelphia Press.
The industrial revolution involved in the
appearance of American steel in England has
created a sensation out of all proportion
greater there than here. English newspapers
see in it the ultimate supremacy or our steel
trade the world over. English steel masters
face on one side the cheap labor and technical
skill of Germany and Belgium, and on tin
other the dear labor and cheap materials of
this country. English coke costs over $2 a
ton, where ConneUsvtlle is $1 25 to $1 50.
Yet our best furnaces use only 1000 pounds of
coke to the ton of steel, when English furnaces
use 2000 pounds. English newspapers are
asking If the invasion is to be permanent. As
it is based on a cheaper cost-aneet it has cer
tainly come to stay. No country in the world
can compete with $20 steel rails or billets ac
$15 or 10. _______________
A. TROLLtY 10 ThE PYRAMIDS.
New York Tribune.
A new danger confronts the Pyramids of
Egypt, and it is a matter of doubt vrbether
they will continue to maintain that compos
ure for which they have become famous
through Governor Lerdy's brilliant epigram
About their indifference to the barkiurr of the
Ejytinti dogs. Tliey will be trolley-victim No.
147 363. In a word, this nicked capitalistic
•ate U going to run a trolley through the Nile
Valley 'to the Pyramids. When the first trol
ley-car's warning gong rings on the Eevptian
plaint) we venture to say that the forty cen
turies which have been engaged for some little
timt' pasl in looking down upon us from tho
Pyramids will gather up their belongings and,
shrinking, tlee to some more secluded spot.
•'Oi-D 1 al(b "
Baltimore Pun.
It is not practicable nor desirable to make
our naval captains and lieutenant* out of
actual "old tors" taken from before the mast,
because book learning' and technical knowl
edge of navleu lion - * science and engineer
ing and mechanics bit of r -a: and, indeed,
essential value. Hut it is both practicable and
desirable to put our naval cadets through such
a practical course of open sea training as. to
make them all "old tars" to the same extent
as the officers of the ocean liners.
FOR CONSUL
AT HONGKONG.
James Me Williams Is Be
lieved to Have the In
side Track.
D.fferent Petitions in Circulation
in Coast Towns for His
Appointment.
The Oregon and Washington Delega
tions Sud to B2 for Him— Has
L d a Busy Life.
James McWilliams, who was with Rals
ton in the palmy days o! his many enter
prises, and who has been president of the
San Francisco Produce Exchange, and
who has at one time and another tilled.
many important place*, especially in a
business nay, is a candidate for the posi
tion of United States Consul at Hongkong.
JAMES McWILLIAMS of This City, Who May Be Made Unitcc
States Consul at Hongkong.
It wag learned that be had already received
tee indorsement of many prominent per
sons, and seemed in a fair way to get the
place. It is not Known that there are any
other aspirants.
It is stated that a dozen different peti
tions are in circulation in different towns
on the coast, including Sacramento, Los
Angeles and Stockton, asking for his ap
pointment. It is also said that a large
petition has been circulated here and
signed by a great many prominent politi
cians and business men, and that this bag
gone on to Washington.
Besides this Mr. McWilliams is under
stood to have the backing of the Congres
sional delegations from Washington and
Oregon.
Mr. McWilliams is a California pioneer
of 1850, and lias been in many different
business enterprises in this City, among
them several milling companies. He has
for some time had trading interests in
China and Japan. At one time he was, as
is recalled, manager of the Star Milling
Company.
It is believed he has an inside show to
get the post at Hongkong, at he began in
time, and has secured many powerful
friends.
OUR FORTIFICATIONS.
The War Department Will No
Longer Allow Civilians to
Inspect Them.
A Field Day at the Presidio on the
17. h —Of Interest to Those
Who Want to Retire.
'flic new casemates for tbe twelve-inch
disappearing gun that is to be placed in
positinn nt the fortirication at Fort Point
has bren completed, and the work of
placing the monster gun in place will soon
be commenced.
Another of the ten-inch-rifled pieces is
being placed in position noar the one that
was tested a few days since. This work 's
accomplished very much as is the branch* i
ing of a ship, but on the inverse principle.
Long and very strong ways are built from
the ground to the elevation on the car
riage on which the gun is to be placed,
and the piece, instead of being slid down
the ways as is a ship, is hauled up the
ways by slow stages.
Considerable armament that will be
qaed In completing the fortifications at
tbe point were delivered last week and
will soon be ready to place in position.
Tbe War department is becoming quite
jealous of its fortifications of late, for it
appear* that an important order has been
prepared relating to the inspection of
coast and defenses by civilians. It pro
vides that hereafter civilians cannot visit
fortifications except upon written passes
siened by the proper authoriiy, and that
such permission will not be granted ex
cept for military reasons. It Is said that
the reason of this order is that at many
places the country's points of defense are
nearly completed, and that a description
of the character of such defense and ex
tent thereof would prove of great value to
foreign Governments.
Lieutenant John W. Hinckley Jr., Third
Artillery, of tbe Presidio has been a-
signed to Battery I, Fort Hamilton New
York".
* First Lieutenant J. Franklin Bell, Sev
enth Cavalry, aid to General Foray tn, has
been sent to Washington under verbal
orders.
First Lieutenant J. F. Reynolds Landis
Fust Cavalry, aid to General Forsyth nt
headquarters, was during the past week
before the examining board at the Presi
dio for examination for promotion.
Among those who have passed a suc
cessful examination recently are First
Lieutenant Louie P. Brant, who will here
after be cautain of Company A, First In
fantry.
The next held day at the Presidio will
be held on the 17th inst.. when the con
testants will take part in the following
events:
Four huadred and forty yard bicycle race;
220-yard dash; tent pitchintr, relay race, re
turning snarpshooteis; foot troops, 880-yari*
go-as-you-please, hasty intrenching, blank
cartridge race, bayonet race, wall scaling in
two forms, shelter tent and obsiable race;
mounted troops, mounted gymnastics, mount
ed wrestling, vaulting and hurdle contest,
dend-body rescue «nd broad-sword contest;
cavalry, mounted skirmish comest; iißht ar
tillery, gun detachment contest.
A great deal of interest i-» ben?; taken
by the officers and ruen at ihe various
posts in the military tournament that
will be held in April.
Captain Richard 0. Parker, retired, has
been relieved as secretary and treasurer
of the Soldiers' Home in Washington,
D. C, by First Lieutenant E. D. Ladd,
Ninth Cavalry.
Lieutenant John B. McDonald. Tenth
Cavalry, has been detailed a3 professor of
military science and taciiC3 at the fcoutli
Carolina Military Academy, the appoint
ment to take effect on the sth of next
May, and on that day he will relieve First
L'eutenant J. M. Jenkins of the Fifth
Cavalry.
The following is a copy of a bill that re
cently passed the Senate of the I'nited
States and is of interest to all who may
desire to go on the retirred list.
That an act approved September 30, 1890,
be amended so as to read as folkms: "That
whe:i an enlisted man lias served thirty years
in the United States army or marine corps, or
as an enlisted man or »ppoinled petty officer
in the United Stales navy, he shall, by making
application to the President, be placed on tho
reiirod list with 75 per centum of his pay aivl
allowances of the rank or ra'e upon which he
was retired; provided thnt a.l active service in
the United States army, navy or marine corps
during tirao of wht, insurrection or rebellion
Khali bo computed as double time in comput
ing the thirty years necessary to entitle 'the
applicant to be retired; provide"! further that
all honorable service in the United States
army, navy and marine Corp* shall be com*
puted as within the period necessary to entttie
the applicant to retire under the provisions of
this act."
Improved Ortlur of lied Men.
Samosi't Tribe of Valiejo Is making arrange
ments 10 replace its pre.eat wigwam with a tine
brick structure.
.M 1.1 lev Tri.ie had an adoption las' Friday, -
Frank. J. Fuller, P. >.. has been appointed
deputy grand sachem over Kiowa, Althamos and
Awaahto Tribes.
Comancne Tribe of Elmhurs*. has made arran ge
ments to erect a I. in. ding in that place in which 10
locate Its wigwam.
H. M. Hull of Moqui Tribe of Arizona was In the
City last wee*.
— : — * — ♦ — •
Townsend's Cal. glace fruit. Palace Hotel bide.*
— ■ — ■ — — • — • — .
New designs in fire-etched boxes. Townsend's.*
FPECTAt. iDlormHiion daily to manufacture-!,
business houses and public men by the Iran
Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Montgomery.'
• . — ♦ — ♦— •
"Of course, lam only human—"
"I thought Johnson Uas wrong when he in
sisted that you were an ass."— lndtanapolii
Journal.
"The Ovurlund Minited."
Commencing Sunday, iiarch 7. the Union Pa
cific will carry bcth lirst and sec on 1 class pasien
gers on the ■•Overland Licalted," leavinc Han
Francisco every day in the week at 6 r. m.. through
to Chicago without, charigo, and all Eastern cities
via Niagara Fail*. I'itislnir.-. Washington aud
Fhlladelphia, In twelve hours quicker time than
any other line from California. Tickets and
sleeper reservations at 1 Montgomery street. 1).
W. HITCHCOCK, General Agent.
1 — «■ ■ ♦ •
"Mr*. Wii'.ihiw a Soothing Syrnp"
Has been need over fifty y»»rs by million* of
mothers tor their children whiie Teething with per-,
feet success. It eoothesthe child, fotfiisthejuan,
allays Fain, cores Wind Colic, regulates the Bowilt
anil is the Lest remedy for Diarrhea**, whether aris-
Ins trtim tie.hlng orother causes. tor sate by drug
gluts in every part of the world. B» sura and att-c
lor 1/Llt. Wins'ow'.s soothing Syrup. 25c a bottle.
• — #-~« ■
tdTOSAvn.— Atmosphere is perfectly dry, soft
ire. mi.tl, being rnilrilv free from the mists com
men further north, Hound-trip t.ckcu. by steam
ship, including llfteen days' board at in* Howl J»l
loronado. *65: longer stay 82 oil per App.y
4 .New Montgomery st., *an Francisco-
Any one troiinlrd at nitht with a persistent
cough can procure much-needed res: by taking a
doie of Ayer's Cherry Pectoral. . ;,.-';
Dobson— What became of that man who bad
twenty-seven medals for saving people from
drowning ?
Dock Worker— He fell in one dny when he
hod them all on, "and the weight of 'em sunk
him.— London Tit-Bits.
SEW TO-DAT.
In advanced stages of Con-
sumption, Scott's Emulsion
soothes the cough, checks
the night sweats and pre-
vents extreme emaciation.
In this way it prolongs life
and makes more comforta-
ble the last days. In every
case of consumption — from
its first appearance to its
most advanced stages — np
remedy promises a greater
hope for recovery or brings
comfort and relief equal to
Scott's Emulsion, Book on
the subject free for the ask-
ing.
BCOTT & BOWNE, CheraUt*, New Yorib ]I ft Tlffili^
J ".
MONDAY MARCH 8, 1897
AMUSEMENTS.
. £ ai/dwin- Thkatkr —"Shore Acres."
Coixmbia TitKATEE-"Ruy Bias" and "A Man
of tire World. ■•
Hobobco a OrEBA-HousE— ' The Black Detec-
tive.
.Alcazar Theater.— "Jim, the renman. "
: Ti vow Opera Boom .. rinafore.' ?
f'Snin-M.- High-Class Vnudevllle.
Skw Bcsh-st. Thkatkk.— "Arabian "Nights."
Goxtdzh Oats Hall— 'lrebfclli's Concert Tues-
day eveoing.
Obebon.— The Vienna Orchestra.
Baths— Bathing and l crformances.
Tax Chutes and Skatinr Kjnk— Daily at
l.aiglu meet, one block ens; of the l'ar^.
i-AKLAXii Hack Tback.— Races to-day.
AUCTION ALI S.
' By L. H. Bubd.— This day, March 8. Furniture,
at 70s Uuliten Uate avenue, a; 11 o'clock.
.By S. Hxsch— This toy, March 8. Furniture,
319-321 Setter street, at 10:30 o'clock.
' IyKabton A J- i.pkidok. — March 9,
Hfsil Kstate, at salesrooms, ii3s .Market street,
at 12 o'clock. t
By S. P. Middlktom & Co.— "Wednesday. March,
10. Sanitarium Baths, at cor. .Powell and Bay sts.,
at 11 o'ciock.
By Bovke, Toy A Soxntaq.— Wednesday,
March 10, Real Estate, at salesrooms, 30 Mont-
gomer> street, at 12 o'clock.
CITY NEWS IN BRIEF.
Occasional scattered showers Monday.
Racing at Emeryville will commence to-day.
, ' The aeronaut at ihe Chutes had an exciting
adventure yesterday.
The unemployed will open an intelligence
bureau for women.
Rev. William Rader delivered a sermon yes
terday evening on "Superstition."
The War Department will no longer allow
civilians 10 inspect the fortifications.
The first Sunday of spring was bright enough
to draw great crowds to the park and beach.
John Foley, a hackman, was asphyxiated by
gas in his room in the New Western Hotel Sat
urday night.
Right Rev. Archbishop Riordan addressed
the Caivarian Society yesterday afternoon at
the cathedral.
Rev. J. S. David explains away the seeming
cruelty of Etisba praying for the bears to de
stroy the children.
' The canonical erection of the stations was
celebrated at St. Ruth's by Rev. Leo Bruner
yesterday afternoon.
. The sale of seats in this City yesterday for
the Cdrbett-Fitzsimmons fight in Carson did
not quite reach $1000.
The Italian Bersaelieri Company and the
Garibaldi Guard each gave a successful mas
querade ball last night.
T. F. Bonnet and Ed Maloney defeated J. C.
Kealon and R. Llneban in the Sau Francisco
handball court yesterday.
' The picnic season at Shell Mound Park
opened yes erdny, and at Schuetzen Park, near
San Rafael, ii will be opened on April -1.
Tne distribution of cash prizes won yester
day at the Germania Club's public shoot will
be distributed to-morrow night at 35 Eddy
street
The funeral ceremonies over the remains of
the late Police Sergeant T. D. McKenna were
conducted yesterday under the auspices of the
Masons. '
The National -authorities have ordered the
revenue cutter Richard Rush to patrol the
Faralion Islands to prevent the killing of the
tea lions. .
The Single-tax Society held Its regular meet
ing last night. J. A. Hume, who had been
previously announced to speak, was unavoid
ably absent.
The St. Patrick's Day Convention yesterday
denounced the Carson prize-tight. Prepara
tions were made for a splendid celebration of
the day here.
The Lincoln Gun Club held its first regular \
flub shoot" at Alameda Point yesterday, the
two principal events being a 100-blrd and a
25-bird match.
Dr. Jerome A. Anderson addressed the Theo
sop'trical 'Society at the Academy of Sciences I
Hull last night. His subject was entitled !
Vsaidlto Myself."
The Point Lobos Improvement Club will
'meet a' Crosthwaite's Hali, Fifth avenue, be
:we?n Clement street and Point Lobos avenue,
to-morrow evening.
Ellas Thompson, a sailor, who insulted
young ladies Saturday night, was arrested by I
two young men and booked on tne charge of
disturbing the peace.
Miss Maybelle Gerst and Captain Naphtaly
were married last evening at 8:30 o'clock at
tbe California Hotel. Dr. Voorsanger per
formed the ceremony.
D. W. McLaughlin, on a score of 78 out of
SO points on the man target, won the Ger
mania Club's highest cash prize at the Shell
Mound rifle-range yesterday.
The burial services over the remains of the
late Asa Flak were held by the Rev. Dr. Berger
at the residence of the family, 700 Hayes
street, yesterday afternoon.
Little Mary Arata, aged 4 years, tumbled
out of a second story window yesterday at her
home, 71 8 Montgomery avenue. Tne little
maid sustained severe internal injuries.
Sheriff W. V. Buckner of Kings County ar
rived in the City yesterday afternoon, having
in Antonio Baron, who will spend the
next fifteen years in San Quentin for burglary.
Acting Greci Consul Gou-tiaux has wired
the Consul-General nt New York informing
him that mere are 150 Greeks here who wish
to obey the call to arms and soliciting his ad
vice. .
Rev. 11. Dharmapala, who is endeavoring to
promulgate the theosophical science as con
ceived by Buddha, addressed an aurtier.ee in
Shasta Hall of the Native Sons' building last
night. ..,.-;.:
A burglar who was discovered by a young
woman while he was trying to pick the lots
of a door in the rooming-house ar^J3s O'Far
rell street tried to choice her, but her screams
frightened him away.
John Mattson, a painter, living at 617 Bush
street, got into a fight in the .Empire Theater
saloon, 21 Ellis street, early yesterday morn
ing, receiving a fractured skull, and "Fatty"
Blodes, the proprietor, was arrested.
•The California Marble cutters and Finish
erg' Union lias pronounced the California
Travertine Company working in the dome of !
the City Hall as being a ••scab" and will op
. peal" to the Sandstone-cutters' Union to with
draw its member;, from the work.
Members of Carpenters' Union Xo. 483 are
building a house :or Louis Metier, one of their
members, wiio was burned out a lew weeks
ago. Metier owned a lot on Croke Btreei.
sefcured the lumber and the carpenters are do
ing the work on Sundays without pay.
Tnc conferences of the Society of St. Via
" c ent do I'uul BStitnibleJ at S;. Joseph's Church
yesinrday morning to receive communion.
In the afternoon a general meeting of the
conferences was held in fit, Joseph's Hail, at
which reports were heard of the various con
tort-rices.
MW TO-DAT. •
SKIN
In all the world there is no other treatment
co pure, so sweet, so safe, so speedy, for pre-
serving, purifying, and beautifying the skin,
scalp, and hair, and eradicating every hu-
mor, as warm baths with Cuticukx Soap,
and gentle anointings with Cimcuiu. (oint-
ment), the great skin cure.
(uiieiira
Ii unld throitsrhniit the worM. Potte«
Dftrr, & CiBM. Cosr., »*«>le ?rpp ., Bottom
W" All About the Skin, Scalp, and Hair," free.
EVERY HUMOR. FrpmPtmpl««nSrrnfnl«
JV T I^IS I 11 U ilLl/Il- cure a by Cuticl»a..
*IT 9 roHins ' Voltaic Electric Piaster!
II are sure to relieve sore lungs,
weak backs, kidney pains, and
C I IDC rheumatism, when all other pla*-
0 U li C tersswd pain alleviators t&U. V>
DOWN OF THE
CARSON FIGHT.
The Sf. Patrick's Day Con
vention Denounces the
Nevada Mill.
Friends of the "Monitor" Adopt
the Resolutions It Has
Advocated.
Preparations for a Glorious Celebra
tioa of the Day ia San
Francisco
There was a large attendance at the St.
Patrick's day convention at K. R. B.
Hall .yesterday afternoon and arrange
ments were almost completed lor the
great celebration on the 17th.
The committee on talent reported that
nearly every theater in the City had
offered some stars to make tbe literary
musical programme at the Temple a suc
cess.
The most important piece of business of
the day was the triumph of the friends of
Rev. P. C. Yorke and t:ie Monitor in the
matter of the anti-prize-light resolutions.
They were adopted by an overwhelming
majority, tue only delegate against them
beinar M. Nichols, who declared himself a
prize-tighter and the friend of prize-fights.
The following are the resolutions that
were adopted:
Whereas, It has beec made notorious
throughout the United States that a prize- light
will be held at Carson, Nev., on next St. Pat
rick's day; and whereas, this convention, for
the proper celebration oi St. Patrick's day in
this City has approval for legitimate and
xnenly sports of all kinds, underreliabie direc
tion, in conformity with the well-kno*n love
of Irishmen for such SDoris and their uniform
success in contests of strength, endurance and
skill; and whereas, a prize-tight, under the
best circumstances, possesses bo characeris
tics of true sport, but is repulsive to me best
element of our people; therefore, be it
Resolved, That we appeal to our people, to
the many among them who are lovers ot true
athletic n nines aud sports, to discountenance
the coming fight, to keep away from It and to
repel authoritatively any suggestion that it has
the support or approval of reputable Irishmen.
The following communication from
Rev. Father Grey was received and
placed on file after a vote of thanks to the
writer:
San Francisco, March 5.
John Mu'hern, Chairman St. Patrick's Day con
vention— Dear Mr. Mulhkrn: Tnrough you, as
chairman ol the St. Patrick's day convention, I
j extend a cordial invitation to the gentlemen
I of the convention and to the various Irish
societies which they represent to atteud the
solemn celebration in honor of St. Patrick, the
j patron of the cnurch, on March 17, St. Pat-
I rick's day.
The celebration In our church this year will
be of uuus:ial solemnity, as the silver jubilee
or twenty-fifth anniversary of the dedication
; of the cuurcli will be celebrated.
There will be pontifical high mass at 9
o'clock by his Grace Archbishop P. W. Rior
i dan, at which the eloquent chancellor of the
I archdiocese, Rev. P. C. Yorke, will preach. I
j With sincerest wishes for the success of your
own celebration, I remain, very sincerely,
P. J. Ukey.
The tenor of yesterday's meeting leaves
no doubt that tiie Si. Patrick's day cele
bration will be a success. The delegates feel
that the cause of the new Irish hali is
promising. Frank Shea spoke encour
agingly of the outlook, saying ne thought
tbe hall would surely be built soon.
The following wera appointed commit
tee to assist Rev. Father McFadden next
Wednesday evening: John Mulhern,
Frank Conklin, J. J. Donovan, P. Tam
ony, J. Deveney, P. O'Brien.
A. O. H. Celebration.
The Ancient Order of Hibernians'
Board of E.rin met yesterday at their
hall, 1159 Mission street, to complete ar
rangements for tbe celebration of fct. Pat
rick's day, James McCuriy in the chair.
County Delegate P. Lyons, chairman of
the committee of arrangements, reported
all preparations complete with the excep
tion of printing programme.-i, which would
t c ready next Sunday. He stated that
J. H. Barry would deliver the annual ad
dress and" that the programme would be
very interesting. His report was received
witn applause, after which the conven
tion adjourned until next Sunday.
BURIED BY MASONS.
Funeral l>remonle§ Over the Bemains
of the I.iito Sergeant
McKenna.
Tbe remains of Police Sergeant T. D.
McKenna were laid to rest yesterday in
Masonic Cemetery. The funeral ceremo
nies, conducted under the auspices of
Mount Morian Lodge, F. A. M., were at
tended by a great concourse of people,
friends, comrades and acquaintances of
tne deceased.
E. C. Sutliffe, master of Mount Moriah
| Lodpe, was the officiator, and C. G. Nagle
I and J. G. Holmes represented the lodge as
i pallbearers.
The other pallbearers were: H. G. Prince
! and K. N. Rowley, chapter of R. A. M. ;
i 0. \V, Welch and F. G. Smithson. I. 0. 0.
| F. ; John ilution and Solomon Nugent,
! Druids; J. J. Ileuvis and John O'Connell,
representing the Police Department and
! the Widows' and Orphans' Society of the
i Police Department. Chief Crowley and a
j detachment of officers from Captain Witt-
I man's watch were a so present.
A DASH FOR LIBEETY.
Thonias Jolinftnn'g Kace and Capture
in trout of the County Jail.
An exciting race of a fleeing prisoner
and a police uilicer in hot pursuit offered
a treat for the spectators in front of the
County Jaii on Broadway Saturday after
noon.
The occurrence which led up to John
son's dash for liberty was caused by the
carelessness of Jack McNamara, the bailiff
of Judge Campbell's court, when taking a
consignment of convicted criminals from
the Central police station to jail in the
van. He neglected to handcuff Johnson
and trio, Johnson's partner, James Hanly,
blbo charged with burglary, to a "hobo"
who was under sentence of ten days for
some trivial offense.
When the prison van reached the County
Jail Johnson no sooner landed on the
ground than he made a dash for lilerty.
Chief Jailer A. Sattler had fortunately
gone down to the sidewalk to assist Mc-
Namara hi marching his men up the
steps, and as soon as Johnson ran he held
on to the remaining seven. But here
luck war. against the fiVeinji prisoner, for
Ponce Officer Thomas Friel in citizen's
clothes was standing on trie sidewalk and
at once gave chae, and, after a run of two
blocks down Kearny street, cauirnt John
son and returned with him to prison.
A Cycling Correspondent Here.
F. Ed Spooner of Chicago, known to cyclers
as "Oii'the-Sjioi" Spooner, a newspaper corre
spondent who as the representative of forty
live large has turn journals follows the bicycle
racing circuit, arrived here last night with his
wife 10 be ready for the opening of the racing
season at San Jose. He tamo here by way ci
Los Angeles, find ill remain hereabouts for
several weeks. He is a young man with
smooth face nnd gold plasM-s, and upon Mi
coat In pel are badges and medals and emblems
and insignia. lie predicts that racing will
eventually be controlled entirely by the new
racing league, to toe discomfiture of the
League of American Wheelmen, , • v- v
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, MARCH 8, 1897.
LIGHT FROM MANY PULPITS
Doings of Sunday Among the Churches and
the Church People— Sermons on
Varied Topics*
The annual cervices of the Calvarian
Society were inaugurated yesterday after
noon aj. St. Mary's Cathedral, and will be
continued each Sunday throughout Lent.
The cathedral was crowded beyond its
seating capacity, a fact partially account
ed for by the announcement that the
Arcii bishop would speck.
The services opened with the Way of
the Cross, celebrated by Rev. Joseph F.
Byrne.
Arcbbishop Riordan's sermon was from
the first words of Christ upon the eross —
"Father, forgive them; for they know not
what they do."
The reverend speaker prefaced his ad
dress with a word picture of the scene of
the crucifixion. He divided the spec
tators into three groups. First wera the
Roman Boldiers, indifferent to the fate of
their victim. Then he spoke of the Jav,-
it»h rabble, who, having been taught all
tlfeir lives to look for a redeemer, hated
and spurned him when he came. The
third group was that of the faithful and
loving, of which Mary was one. Modern
analogies were pointed out to each of
these groups.
Speaking of Christ's words upon the
cross tbe Archbishop said:
"A queer place this, perhaps you think,
to call God his father. We think of God
as judge or avenger or father as our leel
ings are. Sometimes when everything
seems dark and without hope we are apt
to think God has forsaken us or is a long
way < ff. That is why at this moment,
bleeding and suffering upon the cross, our
Lord wished to emphasize the fact that
Gou 13 always • father.
"Love guides all things. We are living
under an empire and a rule of Jove. God
is shaping tilings so that if we live right
all will ba well. "Father, forgive them,'
he said. This is the vt-ry essence of the
Christian religion and there ts no other.
Love, lorgiveness, charity. If these are
not at the root of your religion you are
not of Christ.
"Forgiving, forgivinsr. forgiving! Is
not that what be is doing all the time
and is not that what we are continually
asking. Rend any page you will of the
Old or New Testament and it is always
ttie same over and over again — charity,
charity and forgiveness.
"We are brethren of the forgiven ones.
He not only asks our Heavenly Father to
forgive, but he makes our "forgiveness
conditional upon forgiving others. How
things would change if we could carry
this spirit out into the world 1 Remem
ber, forgiveness is no easy thing. Love
your friend and hate your enemy was tbe
law under the old law, but our Lord said,
'No, love thy enemy.' "
In his exhortation the Archbishop said
that Catholics could not plead ignorance,
as divine trace was always pleading witii
them. Their only hope was in repen
tance, by which ho advised them to seek
God.
During tbe benediction the singing was
renuered by the girls of the Technical
School.
HEMPHILL EXPECTS WAR.
Good Time to Come Will Follow
Awful Carnage of Nations;
Key. Dr. Hemphill talked of war and
current warlike indications last night at
the Calvary Presbyterian Church.
He took for hi* text:
I»aiah xxi:ll-12: Watchman, what of the
nittbt? Tue waicuinan said: '-The morniug
comelli and also the night.' 1
The doctor showed that the watchman's
answer found its fulfillment in the history
of nations. Assyria, Nint-vah, Babylon,
J.gypt, Israel, Greece, Rome, each ad
vances from the Jionzon, reaches the
zenith, b;azes for a while in splendor and
then sets in night.
And coming to our own {day we ask the old
question, "What ot the |nigbt?" and the old
LIVELY TIMES
ON THE FRONT
Whitehall Boats and Tugs
Were All in Evi
dence.
There Was No Regular Rac?, but
the Boatmen Had a Prac
tice hptn.
Another Record U Brcken by the
Alaska Steamer
Qaeen.
There were niore lively scenes on the
! bay yesterday than there have been for
many a das\ A wnqle fleet of Whitehall
boats were out on a practice cruise, nearly
every steam launch and gasoline-boat
along the front was in commission, and in
spite of the threatening weather all the
excursionists had a pleasant time of it.
The whit-halls were to have had a race
"for blood" at 2 p. m., but when starting
time came the wind was light and half a
dozen of the boatmen withdrew. Finally
a "scratch" race was got ud, and the tide
answer is true. Poets and prophets huve sung
of the good time cominis when men sl:ali learu
war no more. Very line words, but <lo they
correspond to facts? To Cuban and Cretan
lacts, for example? or are they not rather the
rhapsodies of sanguine theorists? So it
wouid seem.
We hear the'thunder of war in Cuba and in
Crete presaging, it; may bo, s til L more d'eaii
ful war. We were feUcitatinK ourselves upon
the peace treaty between England and the
United States. We were beginning to think
that other nations were following our good
exumple and that war was over lor ever. The
conclusion is too hnsty. We hear mennciug
eclioes from afar aud the creaking of tottering
t a rones.
Will there be a general war in Europe be
causu of the Cretan diriiculty, and if so what
will the end be? Will there be a new map of
Europe?
God alone can tell. We do not love war.
We hate it. Wu would if we could sheathe the
Rword of war forever. We would if we could
bid carnage aw»y from her cursed carnival.
We would if we could stop this Spaniards'
bloody butcheries in Cubn. We wouid stop
ihe Turks' Dloody butcheries iv Armenia,
Crete and elsewhere. And we would stop it
without war. But maybe we are too hopeful.
Prophtcy, if I read it aright, teaches me that
the g od time will not be ushered in peace
fully, but in a horror oi' great darkness And
amid the terrible thunders of war.
I should not be surpn.-ed if we were on the
eve of the most terrible war that the worirt
has ever seen; nor should I be surprised if all
the nations of Europe went into ii.
We talk of the good time coming— H is a
pleasant theme, and all the more peasant be
cause it is true. So our text siys: -'The
morning cometti";but it, says more— "and
also the night." The good tune ushered in
will be ushered in as every good time has
been ushered in — amid dark and angry
clouds. Who can tell what convul.-aons and
upheavals of nations shall attend the death
throts of old systems and the birth-puiißs
of new ones? The phoenix of new Institutions
can arise only out of the ashes of the old. Tur
key will be carved sooner or later. The oid
question will bo heard again, ''What oi the
night?" and the old answer will be In time:
"The morning cometh, and also the night."
Coming to our own land. It is at once
bright with promise and dark with threaten
ing, churches multiplying, missionary opera
tions extending, benefactions increasing. We
coneratulate ourselves 88 oniy Americans ran
upon our progress. Hut do we look at the
other side of the picture? Do we remember
that our land is being invaded by an army
from across tbe seas, most of them inv.ncible
to our institution*? that it is under the heel
of a most heartless despotism, the liquor
despotism? that our politicians, many of them,
are as conscienceless a set of thieves as ever
cursed a nut ion V that our land swarms with
fiery anarchists and sullen socialists, w hoso
creed is, "Away with the State and with re
ligion, away with God"?
Xo; we do not remember. We are blindly
optimistic. We say, "The morning cometh";
we forget to finish the sentence, "And also the
night."
The speaker concluded with, one hope
ful thought: that as Christianity by ms
inherent power had conquered all enemies
In the past it would do so in the future.
AN ALLEGORICAL LESSON.
Bible Story of the Destruction of
the Children by the Bears Has
a Figurative Meaning,
Rev. J. S David of the Sweaenborg Mis
sion Society said in his sermon at Wash
ington Hall yesterday: "When we read
the Btory of the destruction of lorty-two
children by two she bears from the woort
for tuo simple offense of - mooting th»
prophet Eiisha we are apt to wonder why
it was written, since it seems to show
more cruelty ihan justice.
"But it is one of those 'dark sayings of
old' which contains divine truth veiled in
allegory; it is o.ie of those Bib c nuts
which has a rou?h and dusky shell, but
when opened is lound to coniain meat
which nourishes the soul. Like many
other strange passages its internal beauty
is the evidence of its divinity. It teaches
us that spiritual death from denying in
heart and life the letter oi revealed truth.
"As a prophet was a teacher of the
word, to mock the prophet is to despise
the teachings of tne worJt and live con
trary to them. When this is done the
loves of evil ana falsity, emerging from
proving favorable, at least eight of them
rounded Blossom Rock in a bunch. They
kept close together all the way to the
Pres.dio shoal buoy, but there "old man"
Crowley, in his son's boat, out-maneu
vered the rest of the contestants and beat
them home by at least ten lengths. The
real contest will take place next Sunday,
and "Jimmy" Sennett and "Snake" Fitz
gerald assert that Crowley and his boat
'won't be in it."
The owners of the wbitehalla will have
to do a considerable amount of maneuver
ing next Sunday in order to make ns
pretty a scene as they did yesterday when
rounding Blossom Rock for the run to the
Presidio.
Tbe tuj- Walter Hackett, with a party
from the Western Addition Social and
Athletic Club, aiso made a tour of the
bay. The party was landed on Angel
I- In ml, later went to Sausalito and then,
after enjoying a clambake on Goat Island,
followed the boats around the course to
Fort Point and back.
The steam launch Mascott, with young
Mr. Talbot aboard, was also out. She has
been thoroughly overhauled and repaired
and made a most creditable showing. She
and the new gasoline launch Lizzie I) had
a spurt along the front, and when the
quarantine launch Governor Perkins, with
JDr. Williamson and some other member*
of the Board of Health abonrd, the raoe
was quite interesting lor a few minutes.
The Perkins finally carried of! the honors,
but the Lizzie D ana the Muscott, while
beaten, were not disgraced.
While racing along the front some of
the men had to pull out and save the pet
of all the frequenters of Powell street
wharf. "Bum" is a fine specimen of ihe
Newfoundland dog and while he belongs
to no one in particular every one has an
interest in him. Yesterday "Bum" was
attacked by a aea lion. The iattor thought
the dog was after a fish he had secured
and a fierce fight ensued. The dog was
getting the worst of it and would soon
have been bors de combat had not Jimmy
Black and Officer Ferguson put out in
the dark forest of our lower nature and
waxing bold and fierce, will destroy the
children, which are the states of inno
cence undeveloped and dwaried by
neglect. The holy prophet seems to curse
tue children, but IB reality the holy word
never curses any one; for it is the expres
sion of infinite and eternal love, which
cannot curse, but the perveision or abuse
of truth curses and destroys."
SUPERSTITION.
Rev. W. Rader Says the Church Is
Bursting: Away From Tradition
and B coming Rational.
The Rev. William Rader of the Third
Congregational Church preached a ser
mon on "Superstition" yesterday even
ing. He spoke of the celebrated sermon
delivered by the Anostle Paul on Mars
Hill in Athens. Part of bis discourse was
as follows: "A popular preacher walks
through the streets of Athens and paus
ing before one of many altars reads tbe
inscription, 'To the Unknown God.' He
passes to the summit of Mara Hill, over
looking that scene of beauty and wealth,
while he addresses an audience of Athen
ians on the subject of superstition. The
fame of his eloquence precedes him and
all Athens responds, to listen, to scoff, to
turn away with the trumpet notes of a
mighty sermon ringing In their ears. With
delicate tnct he aconses these people of
being •over-religious.' This ia a profoundly
true estimate of heathenism, which is not
infidelity but perverted religion.
"At the bottom of all superstition is a
certain religious element. We have not
yet outgrown the superstition of the past.
It expresses itself in a false theology. The
unreasonaDle elements oi the faiths of the
world have not come from cool reason,
but from heated and passionate supersti
tion. Some of these old dreams have in
corporated themselves in the religious
systems of the world, and the transition
ttiat is now going on b a rebellion against
a superstitious theoloey. The current of
thought is set against the false, dreams of
the fathers. The church is delivering
itself from folk lore. It is bursting away
from tradition; it is ten ling toward free
dom. The rational is supplanting the su
perstitions."
BLESSED THE STATIONS.
Passion Pictures Solemnly Blessed
at St. Rose' 3 Church.
At St. Rose' 3 Church was performed
yesterday afternoon the beautiful cere
mony of the canonical erection of the
stations of the cross. These stations,
which consist of fourteen oil-paintings
representing scenes in the life of Christ,
were donated by members of the parish.
Tlifv were all executed under contract by
an Eastern firm and are very beautiful.
The canvases are 3 feet 10 inches by 5 feet
6 inches. They are inclosed in Gothic
frames of Spanish cedar.
The institution of the stations in the
churches whs au« to St. Francis of
Assisie, and for this reason a member of
the Order of St. Francis is always se
lected, when possible, to conduct the cere
mony of piectine the station*.
Father Leo Brunor, O. S. F., pastor of
St. Anthony's, perform-d this office yes
terday. He preceded the ceremony wiih
a sermon, in which he gave a historical
sketcn of the institution of the stations.
He exhorted his hearers to make the way
of the cross as often as possible and to at
tend the public celebration of this cen
mopial on Friday evening during Lent.
In tin' solemn blessing of the stations
Father Bruner was assisted by Fathers
Nugent and Keneaily.
Friends of the Forest.
The members of I'loneerand Lincoln Parlor.^ who
had intended giving a joint entertainment, and
party, have decided to postpone the event until
after Lent.
two boats and rescued the dog from the
enraged lion. By the time the tight was
over at least a dozen boats were around
tbe scene and the crowd on Powell street
wharf was wild with excitement.
The ferry steamer Bay City had a nar
row escape last night. A barge with a big
tank on it broke adrift from the oil works
and went ashore near AJviso. The bottom
was stove in, but at high water the tank
picked tij> the barre and started down the
bay. Off Goat Island it was right la the
way of the ferry-boat and Captain Bradley
had to stop the Hay City acd go "full
speed astern" in order to save a collision.
An hour later the tank and barg^ were
high and dry on Goat Island.
The Pacific Coast Steamship Company's
Queen has brok-n the record between here
and Victoria, B. C. The City of Puebla,
which is now being overhauled, has made
the run in 48 hours and 40 minutes, but,
accord m e to a dispatch received by Good
all, Perkins & Co. yesterday, the Queen
made the run in 46 hours and 50 minu.es.
She left here last Tuesday at 9:4 ! J a. m. and
arrived in Victoria, JJ. C, on Thursday at
S:3O a. M., thus beating all records. The
Queen was repaired and had new ma
chinery put in at enormous expanse, but
now the members of the company. can
congratulate themselves on the fact that
they have the fastest and one of the best
equipped vessels on the Pacific.
The Oregon was crowded with visitors
yesterday. If she be not ordered around
the Horn at once she will go to Port Orch
ard lo have rolling chocks put on. The
latter nave been made at Mare Island and
will be sent to the n&vnl station on Puget
Sound next week where they will be ready
for use as soon as the battle-ship puts in
an appearance.
Fred Larsen pot into trouble on the
front yesterday. He raise'! a row in Al
White's and Officers Uourneen and Me-
Grath arrested him for disturbing the
peace. At the station a long piece of lead
pipe loaded with shot was found in his
pocket, so he was also charged with car
rying a concealed weapon. Larsen is
mate on one of the coasting steamers and
bears a good character.
THE NEW MARBLE
CUTTERS' UNION
Nine Hours' Work Will
Be the Day's Labor
Hereafter.
The California Travertine Com
pany Is Declared a
wcab
Workmen Sandstone-Cutters Will Ba
Asked To-Night to Withdraw
From Cit7 Hall Work.
The California Marble Cutters' and Fin
ishers' Union met yesterday at 1019^
Market street to discuss and adopt the by
laws and rules and regulations, as well as
consider the affairs of their new organiza
tion.
The main features of the constitution
and by-laws that were adopted are: Ttfat
the initiation fee shall be $10 after the
next Sunday meeting and that all mem
bers shall be citizens of the United Stales
or applicants tor naturalization papers.
Others applying for membership shall be
assessed $50 instead of $10. The monthly
dues were set at 25 cents.
Nine hours' work was decided upon
and four years' connection with the trade
was demanded as a necessary qualifica
tion for membership.
John T. McCann and J. J. Harrigan
Tere appointed with full power to have
the by-laws primed.
So as to let all the marble workers of
this Cny icnow of the new union the fol
lowing committee was appointed to call
upon them during t>e week: Thomas
Quinn, li. KanucKen, Patrick Carroll,
James McCarthy, Andrew Malatesta, A.
L. Siegier, Thomas Quinn, Con McCarthy,
John Sweeney and Joseph Hocco.
The work beinjr done by the California
Travertine Company in the rotunda of
the new City Hall was declared to be a
scab job, being performed by unskilled
and non-union labor, also for working
men over eight hours a day in public
works.
M. J. Flaherty and John T. McCann
were appointed as a committee to attend
tne meeting of the sandstone cutters to
night, .asking them to withdraw their
workmen from the City Hall, where they
are at work for the California Travertine
Company.
A. L.lSiezcr and J. J. Harrigan were ap
pointed to copier with the City Hall Com
mission to. .investigate into the marble
work at the new hall.
Delegate John T, McCann to the Build
ing Trades Council reported tnat the dele
gate from the union had been duly seated.
He said:
"The delegates reported to the council
the action oi the union in regard to the
action of same on trie work being con
structed in the lower floor of the rotunda
of the new City Hall, this union claiming
that the work is not done in a workman
like manner; that it is being performed
by unskii.ed labor, and that the law is
violated: that said contractors are work
ing their men nine hours a day as against
the law of construction on public work;
that the union men working on the same
work on the same building conform with
the la win worKing eight nours a day.
"The delegates also reported , that the
council referred to the association the
resolutions passed by the Carpenters'
Union, relating to resolutions adopted at
a u:ass-meeting held in « Metropolitan
Hall. Thursday, evening, February 25, re
ferring to labor laws refused to be passed
by the Legislature and omitted from a re. •
port of the meeting, as pub.iahed in The
Sax i rawcisco Call.
"Tiie council referred the matter to the
different trades represented, to De finally
acted upon at the next meeting of the
council.
"The delegates also reported that the
action taken by them on outside and for
eign work and material on public work
were approved t>y tbe council."
Tbe union instructed that tbe delegates
to the Trades Council taice no action i n
tbe war of the newspapers.
BY THE GAS KOUTE.
John Foley, a Uackman, Asphyxiated
in XI i It no m .iiunluy Night.
John Foley. a hackman, 50 years of age,
was found dead in bis bed in a room in
the New Western Hotel at 6 o'clock last
evening. Gas was flowing from two open
gas jets, and it is presumed that the de
ceased committed suicide. This theory,
however, may be incorrect, as Foley was
in an intoxicated condition tvnen he re
tired Saturday night.
Foley leaves a widow and one child, who
reside on Clara street in this City.
. KEW TO-DAY.
If you are using Japan tea
of any other sort than Sc/ii/-
lings^Best, you are losing
half your money. ->
Your grocer returns your
money in full if you don't
like it. ;. •
A Schilling & Company
Francisco ■.;.•*, 557^
NEW TO-DAY— AMUSEMENTS.
tIVOLI OPERA-HOUS3
ftuu.Kiui »»Tiar*: ABKI.IN *. Proprietor & Manage! .
THE GILBERT AND SULLIVAN SEASON!
TO-NIGHT! —
GRAND -SCENIC REVIVAL — —
Of Their Celebrated Nautical Satire,
•EL. 3VE. S. .
PII^PORE
, - EXCiiLLKN CAST— —
CAREFULLY STAGED
• M AONIFICE.N TLY MOUN rED ' :.'
WEDNESDAY NIGHT,
" Yactitmexi's Night .»
Under . Auspices of ban : i- rincUoo Yacht Club.
Popular Prices 25c and 500
MECHANICS' PAVILION.
TUESDAY JiVENi-.G March 9.
GHBAT FIKTALiS
tug3f^war
TOURNAMENT. Atnwrica, Canada and Sweden
pull off lies for Ist pr zo; i- ranee anil Italy for 9.1),
Also challenge pull between Norwa/ »iut Italy..
' For the Benefit of the Unemployed.
ADM15510N ;;:.;....:...;..... 3 5 CKNTS
SUTRO BATHS.
FINE PKOGRAMMii. .
Grand Concert very Sunday Afternoon.
General Admission, 10c; Children, 5o
THE CHUTES.
EVERY AFTERNOON" AND EVENING.
BUSC'H. Ihe Golden Vampire; MA. It CO BKOf.,
i <;omedr Acrobats; the AMMATOscOPK»nd
Th« Wonderful Three- lagged ■ Hor^e.
ADMISSIO>, 10c. LHlLiiliVS, »c.
NEW TO-DAT. \ % '.'
PROFESSOR J. M.-MX'SYON. ■
The Munyon Remedies act instantly,
giving relief after the first two or three
doses and effecting a rapid cure even in
the most obstinate cases. There is a sep-
arate Munyon remedy for each disease
and each specific has plain directions, so
there can be no mistake. If you are ail-
ing get Munyon's Guide to Health from
your nearest druggist; it will describe
your disease and tell you how to cure
yourself with a 25 cent Munyon Remedy.
If you find that you Lave rheumatism
taice Munyon's Rheumatism Cure. If
you have kidney trouble take Munyon's
Kidney Cure. If nervous, use Munyon's
Nerve Cure. If you have catarrh, Mun-
yon's Catarrh Cure and Tablets will cure
you. If it is a female complaint, use
Munyon's Female Cure. If you have -
stomach trouble take Munyon's Dyspep-
sia Cure; for a cold or a cough, the Cold
Cure or the Cough Cures, and so on. No
matter what the disease you can be ab-
solutely certain of a cure if you take the
remedy recommended in the "Guide."
Where you are in doubt a personal letter
to Professor Munyon, 1505 Arch street,
will be answered, with free medical ad-
vice for any disease.
AT ALL PRPGGISTS-aSc A BOTTLE.
XEW 10-DAT-AMUSEMEHTTS.
. IniCDLAHTi:!\.<iOTTU)l niCDLAHTi:!\.<i0TTU)D * q»- ussESAnsrunACWi-- '■'■'
THE I NEW
ONLY J GREAT
EVENT IN THE CITY..
TO-N IGIIT -
MR. JOSEPH HAWORTH
SUPPORTED BY
MISS MARGARET CRAVEN
AND A POWERFUL COMPANY
- — IN A GREAT DOUBLE BILL
Victor Hugo's Masterpiece,
"RUY BLAS"
Preceded by Angus. us Thomas' Beautiful Dra-
. matic Sketch, ■• : - i, "j
"A MAN OF THE WORLD!"
Magniacent New -Costumes and es;a;e FfTects.
MARCH 15- ■
CISSY FITZGERALD in "Tbe Foundling."
BALDWIN THEATER.
iLIiAYiiAX <Kco. (Incorporatea).....froprid^i:i
! LAST WEEK ! LAST 6 NIGHTS!
LAST MATINEE SATUKDAY!
The Gem Performance of the Decade,
JAMES A. HERNE
In His Own Beautiful Play,
SHORE ACRES
Jest Monday— DAVEJrORT
In."iiMM»yi)A." -.—
i CALIFORNIA THEATER. '
AL Uayman & Co. (Incorporated) Proprietor!
SEATS NOW SELLING
GRAND OPERA SEASON I
THE FAMOUS
FRENCH — OPERATIC — ORGANIZATION I
Opening Opera Wednesday Ev'g, March 10,
Brilliant Production
' ' TROVATORE "
To be followed by (In the oner ii»tn«-d)
L.'Africaine. Faust, Miss Helyett. Sigurd (new).
1 Wedding of Jeanne.ite and Cavalierly Kußticana
(double bill), La Julve. Voyage of Hugue-
nots, Dragons de Villars and J,a.Narurbalse (new).
Prices— sl to *3.
Scats .Ready for All Above.
MOROSCO'S
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
WAI/iKK MOBOSCO. ..Sole Lessee and .Uaruj*.-
Initial Production in San Francisco of
the Sensational Comedy Drama,
"THE BLACK DETECTIVE !"
A Thrilling Play with Wonderful Mechanical
Effects.
BEAUTIFUL SCE2fEKY!— A STRONG CAST!
Hongs Specialties Dances
Evening: Prices— lOo, 25c and sOc.
Matinees Saturday ami Sunday.
A Brand New Bill Beyond Compare !
The Flying Jordan Family, 6 in number; Vir-
ginia Aragon, queen of the silver wire; Mario
and Mario, horizontal bar performance; The
Olifans. three- headed nondescript ; John Burke
and Grace Forest, comedy artists; last week of
toe Finnevs. Great Lyric Stars, uuillk, abb ah
off and Miss Cottk, etc. r> - '
Reserved seals, «6c; Balcony, 10c; Opera-chairs
and box-seats. 60c.
ALCAZAR!"^",-
BelascoALaFaille.Mrs. I TO-NIQHT !
TIUSITIME AT POPULAR PBICES
Of th» Circatest Play of the Century,
JIM I*3EX3S! r»oßr3Nr3Vt-A.T>3"
GiOKGE OSBOUKNK asßaroi Hartfleld.
HUGO TO LAND as Jim the Penman.
Entire Alcazar 'Company in the Cast.
Producei under the direction of Gro, Osbonrne.
■ ITioes— lue, BA«i aso and .»Jo.
Secure seats Telephone, rilaCK .-'9 l.
o'F«rre!l street, ut*ar siock.on.
San Francisco' - Family Concert Hall.
Week of Monday. March 8,
•'; Magnificent. New Programmes 3
— : LUMINOUS MUSICAL GKJIS
From the mo*t treasured works of the 'Great
Masters, admirably presented by HEKK FERDI-
NAND STARK, :air»usa'greaiest living inter-
preter! and - ■• ' ' "'-■
THE VIENNA ORCHESTRA.
Q-Grand Concern Every Evening at a o'clock.
GOLDEN GATE HALL.
TO-MORROW (TUESDAY) ....... MARCH 9,
At 8:15 P. M.
in A R,E3-WHIIjI_i CONCERT
. • ■ •■.-.. -or Mi.i.X • . ■■ .
TREBELLI!
Mile. Trebelli will sing: -Arioso' (Delibes):
Ar,-b Song (B zet); "Tarttntelle," from "La To-
neiii" lAnibroise Thomas): I Lo!HarK, the Gentle
Laric," with flmeouilgttto (Bisliop); '-Last Hose of
bummer," etc. * :' : i " ' ■ . '.-'.-. ■<
Assistant srtlsts-The Misses Hush and v, d.
Naillen; Messrs. i-'auvlet, Kodfmann and J. Mar-
rion (accompanist). ■ r ;'■- '"<-■
Bo.xofflce Sherman, Clay A Go's. $1 and 50c.
DACING! RACINOi RACING:
— CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB
WINTER MEETING. 1896-97. .
Beginning Monday, March 8, to March 20. Inclusive
OAKLAND TRACK.
Racing Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday,
'Ahurgday, Friday and Saturday.
1 .'" » Main or Shine. , : •.*''■'.',,-•
■ • ! FIVE OR MOKE RACKS EACH DAY. "• l
—Race* Start 7 vs \ B:ls' P. M. Sharp— » :
Ferry Boats leave Han Francisco at Ist v. am .
12:30, 1 .00, 1:30. 8:90, 2:30 and 8 p. x.. connect-
ing wi:.u trains stopping at tbe entrance to track. I
Buy your ferry tickets to :?hell Mound. * -
iieiurnlug— Truius leave the TracK at 4:15 aai
4:45 p. m. and immediately after the last race. , . ,
■ iiI.IMAS ii. WILLIAMS Jit, I'mnaeufc
78
ARE UNITED IN
FRATERNAL BONDS
Masonic.
The Installation of the recently elected offi
cers of Yerba Buena Lodge of Perfection No. 1
of Snn Francisco, subordinate of the Grand
Consistory of the Ancient and Accepted Scot
tish Kite of Freemasonry in and for the State
of California, took place Friday evening, with
• nil the imposing ceremonies of that body, in
the Masonic Temple. The installing officer
was Henry Burner, the retiring -venerable
master, assisted by Henry A. Cline, past
venerable master, acting as master of cere
monies.
" The officers installed for the ensuing term
were: William J. Smith, venerable master:
Charles W. Conlisk, senior warden; Frank O.
Allen, junior warden; Thaddeus B. Kent,
orator; William S. Moses, almoner; George
J. Hobe, secretary; Lippman Sachs, treasurer;
J'rank B. Ladd, master of ceremonies; Louis A.
Murch. senior expert; Frank C Van Schalcfc,
junior expert: Ernest C Auld, captain of the
guards: John d'Arry, -.tier.
After the close of the lodge In ample form there
was an adjournment to the banquet-ro om, where
covers were set for a large number, and a first
class menu wa< disposed of.
Then those having fluency of language, vivid
fancy and a well-stored memory entertained the
company until a late hour.
Order of the Eastern S:ar.
Last Thursday there were two initiations in
' Golden Gate Chapter in the presence of ft large
m !nb;r<hlp and many visitors from local and
other chapters. Among those present were:
Worthy Matron Mrs. Pierce and Worthy Patron
Daniels of Oakland Chapter, Worthy Grand
Ma ron Mrs. Partridge, Worthy Matron Mrs.
Graves from Ivy Chapter. Worthy Matron .Mrs
Farmer from Mission Chapter. Alter the cere
monies closed ttiere was an adjournment to the.
banquet-room, where a very pleasant evening was
spent.
The enter teirmfnt given last Tuesday by
Mission Charter was a success financially us well
as socially. The quartet of this chapter, which
on that occasion established a repu atinu, has re
ceived a number of invitations to appear In oilier
chapters, Last Sail day the chnpii-r balloted for
four candidates and in tiated several.
On Friday night Harmony Chapter Initiated two
Candida es with Imposing ceremony, and after the
close of the chapter there was a reunion in the ban
quet hail of .-hit-Is building, where the members
" and visitors were treated to a collation and there
was a flow of oratory. OuiMde of the membership
of the chapter there were present District Deputy
>lr<. Clara A. Ulbbersou of Ivy, Miss Augusts
Wrleht llobe ot Golden Oate C bspter, Mrs. Jennie
A. Graws, wonhv matron of Ivy Chapter: Mrs.
Mary L. Farmer, worthy matron of Minion Chap
ter;' Mrs. .Belle Schmidt, Grand- Secretary .Mrs.
Kates. Wiltats and Miss Klia Taylor. During the
evening Miss Hobe entertained the assemblage
with sones, which were highly appreciated. - ,
I Ivy Chapter expects to have initiation ceremo
nies at Its next meeting.
The Odd Fellows.
Templar Lodge was officially visited by the
/rand master last Wednesday.
• Tee members of Golden West Lodge listened to
a very Interesting lecture last Thursday delivered
ly H. Wall, assisted by N. F. Dixey. It was on
"snap Shots With a Camera" and was illustrated
on the screen.
On . Thursday nifht about twenty-five of the
members cf the Veterans' Association paid a
fraternal visit to Abnu Ben Adhem Lodge and
they were greeted with a cordial welcome. . After
an aldress of welcome short addresses were made
by President Dryden, Past President Seweil, Vet
erans Pnillips, sparling. Howell, (Joss, Smi hsoa
and secretary William H. Barnes. ...-■- ;:'-*.-. .:•'.
San Francisco Lodge initiated two candidates
last Friday an i after the close of the lodge th«-re
was a banquet and a programme if music and
speeches.
i riental Encampment worked In the Patriarchal
and Royal Purple I>. grrelast Saturday.
Pac.flc L' dge wi 1 have an inflation next Thurs
day and a gen rai uood time will follow.
At the second entertainment to be given on the
evening of tin- 16. h inst. in Odd Fellows' Hall by
the V diet social dub there will be presented a
farce entitle I '-Little Christopher," under the di
rection of Gtorge H. Hermance Of .hit California
School of Acilnz. The following will appear in
the cast: «>eorge"H. Rerniauce, D. F. O'Brien, S.
P. Andrews. Mi-s Nora Dormer, Miss May Cap
•well, Mis* Gertrude Housevllle. The fare* is of
the iresfiit time, and i: will present "trouble,
more trouble and general trouble." After the
farce there will be dancing. The proceeds of this
entertainment will go to .he fund of the Odd Fel
lows' Home at Ihermallto.
A new Hebekah lodge, to b» known as Valley
Queen, will be instituted 10-uight by Deputy L.
A i.i Mar.-*.. ail at China
Holly Ktbekah lodge is to be instituted on
Thursday next at San JacinlO by Deputy M«.
Ida .M. snerman.
Grand President- Mrs. Greenwood and Grand
Mas.er Warboys were tendered a reception last
Ba:urday at Ms oa.
Grand Treasurer Mrs. Anna M. Llese paid a visit
last week to tne members of Naomi Lodge i.i
Truckee.
Ancient Order United Workmen.
The number of applications passed upon t>y the
grand medical examiner for the month of Febru
ary was 431. Up to the close of business on Fri
day las', the grand medical examiner had passtd
upon 10-1 applications for the month of March.
Arrangements have been - effected with the
hotuheru Pacific Railroad Company and the Sin
Francisco aii:i North Paific Katlroad Company
'whereby delegates alien ling the meeting of the
Grand Lodge, to be helu in tnls CTtv commencing'
April 6, will be entitled to return ticke s for
otie-tbird the usual price, similar arrangem nts
have beea efftctrd with the 1 acific Coast steam
ship Company whereby delegate, will be enabled
to purchase return-trip li kets for one-halt the
usual tare.
At the meeting of the Grand Lodge to be neld In
this City in April toe Pacific Drill 'learn will Illus
trate the ••floor wort" in ampl fled form, at which
time it is expec ed that the degrees will be con
ferred on one hiuu:rei candidates.
■ On Friday evening, -March IV!, Yerba Baena
Lodge will hold a public entertainment at its hall,
Sniels' building, wneu an interesting programme
of exercies will be offered, and an address will be
delivered by the grani master worn man.
»am Booth, the *,ranj ic.eiver, delivered an In
teresting lecture on "My Trip to Europe and
What 1 -aw Torre and o:i the Way for $500,"
before the members ot Excelsior LoJge In Excel
sior Hall. There was a good attendance ana the
lecture was illustrated with line slereopticou
views. •
This evenin; a new lodge will be Instituted by
D. O. M. W. Poland at Tiburon. A new lodge
will be instltuud at University, Los Angeles
County on tin- 11th.
Central Lodge gave an entertainment and dance
March 1. at its lodge ro->m, Oakland, at which 25U
people were present. Master Workman W. J.
O'Conneil presided. Interesting musical and
literary numbers were contributed b/ the O'Brien
Bisters, the Misses Alice and Maggie O Connel
the Thomas quartet. Miss ■• gnes lirandt, Miss
Agnes Sterling and Miss Maggie Ward. The ad
dress of the evening was delivered by the Grand
Medical Examiner, Dr. George W. Daywalt. ■ The
grand recorder was present aid delivered a short
address.
The Degree of Honor. . •
Silver Spray Lodge initialed several candidate]
at its last-held meeting and appointed a commit
tee to make arrangements for an entertainment
to be given shortly after Lent.
Ivy Lodge No. 4, at its last-held meeting, re
ceived a member of the .Nebraska jurisdiction and
by lequest conferred the degrees upon her, the
work being done In a very satisfactory manner by
' the il.MIi learn. During the evening there was a
debate on 'Should a Woman Receive Kqual Pay
for Like and Kq al Amount of Wor< Performed
b/ Man?" J. Harris, Mrs. L. ilklns and Mrs
H. Marks spoke in. the aftirma'ive and Or. S. (i.
Tucker, A. Hodges and A. A. Wood spoke In the
negative. Those who espoused the illirmative,
instead of showing why women should receive . he
same pay lor like worn, wandered far away from
the subject, and the other side, sticking close to
the texi. succeeded In convincing the judges that
they were right and won the verdict.
Vio a Lodge of Colusa is the banner lodge as to
beneficiary members. It has four.eea such out of
= a membership of forty."
• - Native Son* of the Golden TTest.
Sequoia No. 160 will itiitla c eight new mem- i
bers this evening, which will be followed by a
high jinks. This parlor Is making rapid progress,
and in a short while will make some or the older
parlors wake up.
During the .week the following parlors have
elect* d oelegatej to the next Grand I'arlor, which
is to be held at Kedwood City on April '26:
\ erba huena No. 84— F. W. Lees, Joseph H.
O'Donuell. . Brooklyn So. 151— L. N. Cobbledlck
and W, H. McGrath. Washington No. 169-F. M.
Smith and A. F. Eegers. California Parlor— O. L.
Blackman, C. A. Boldemann; Al Davis, James P.
Dociery, J. J. Jamison, Harry Lacbmun. W. W.
Shannon, W. D. She.*: alternates— Ben Davis, M.
A. Kpiiralm. H. A. Kuchmeister, Kd Lui;stedt, F.
B. Ryan, I). J. lobin.
District Deputy Charles K. Heverln has just re
covered from a severe HI ness, which has Kept him
from the performance of his duties for about two
months. . ,
Grand President H. L. Gesford and Grand Sec
FINANCIAL. .
CHICAGO GRAIN, PROVISIONS
AND NEW YORK STOCKS.
WHEELOCK & CO.,
4 Leidesdorff St., Tel. Main 1 954. \
*?®SPCB(WB CKNTRA I. OFFICE
628 Market St., Palace Hotel. Pur ly A Atkinson,
Managers. Tel. Main 5144. ■
Uptown Office— Baldwin Hotel (adjoining Grill
Room). Tel. Main 1091. ... 
PURDY. ATKINSON & CLAPP, Managers.
Orders instantly executed on latest market qn»
"lations. Reference Ist National Bank. S. F.
tHit'AOU tu.LVA.ia win*, saw YQfUL
r<*tarv Henry Lunsiedt, accompanied by Grand
Trustee Milton D. Garralt, D. D. G. P.. F. G. Nor
man Tr., and 11. I). Lansing, visited Hesperian No.
137 last Thursday evening and witnessed the ex
emplification of litua'.. At the. clo«e of the meet
ing the goid of the order committee took the visit
ing grand officers and visitor* to the banquet ball,
where a number of speeches were made and au
asxeeab c time was had. . ,
• Grand Trustee Garratt will visit as follows: To
night, i ohm Parlor at Truce* : to-morrow,
Hydraulic Parlor. In Nevada lily: Wednesday,
< eorgetowh Parlor, H Dorado: Thursday, Auburn
Parlor; Id. y, Hera Parlor, at;d Saturday,
Mountain Parlor. Dutch Via:. '.>
Grand Trustee Zabala has visited the parlor* In
A ii. a or ( ounty and reports them all in good con
dition This week he will v.sit Ba.iersrleld and
t re vii).
California Parlor will present W. W. shannon,
past president, at ibe next session of the Grand
Parlor as a candidate for the oflice or * Brand
trustee. Mr. Shannon Is a w!de-awn»e Native Son,
who takes a great deal of pride in the order, and is
a hard worker for Us advancement. ; ■ ,
The members of the Hall Association will meet
to-morrow night- for the purpose of electing di
rectors. ;-- '.•;"?'.^ ; - i "'-A^.'vf;-;
; The Native Daughters.
The members of that Ide-awake parlor. Golden
Stale, have appointed a committee that is now at
work making arrangements for an "at home" and
grab-bag party to be riven in the near future.
The meetings of tuis parlor are very enthusias
tic and are always well attended. V". (
Young yen's Institute.
The lecture bureau will meet next Monday to
arrange future lectures.
There' will Le a nieeting of the board of directors
next Saturday to discuss matters of general inter
est. The board will hold a special meeting on the
following Mi nday to distust a plan to extend the
usefulness or the 1 brary of the order in this City.
On the evening of the '.'sth inst. there will be
an open meeting in social hall of the Alcazar
building under tne auspices of Pioneer Council.
The other coun. Us that will take part in the event
wilt be Missii ii, Loyola, Othedra! ami Cooper.
Cathedral Council .No. 59 has been organized,
tliirt. petitioners signing the roll on last Thursday
night. Next Thursday tin re will be additional
signatures, and officers will be elected.
— !
Young Ladies' Institute.
All the local branches will send representatives
to a meeting to be held after Lent for the purpose
of making arrangements for a grand entertain
ment. The committee will consist of the presi
dent, past president and one member from each
branch.
Branch No. 15 ha 1 a pleasant reunion In Montana
Hall on the evonin,' of lait Monday.
The grand president paid a visit to Branch No.
3b a; Watsonville recently, and a week ago last
Friday she visited Branch No. 32 in sail Jose.
Sons of St. George.
At the last held monthly meeting of Pickwick
Lodge of the. order of tons of St. George, over
which S. Cr ba presided, there were present eighty
persons, inclullng members and. invited guests.
During the evening H. Williamson, D. R. Carles,
G. B. Kosewell, J. H. Coa'.es, T. Tregellas, H. Par
sons, K. Peters, W. W. Walker and Mr. Frodsham
entertained with vocal solos: G. W. Loyde exe
cuted a cornet solo, and short speeches were made
by F. !>. Brandon, G. J.oyde and Dr. Hunkln.
.Among the visitors were: K. Cowpwerwalth of
Holly Lodge of Chicago, Ku Waleawsliay of Gen
eral GorJ on Lodge of New Almaden, . obert de,
R. N. V. ; Mr. Burmau. J. McFadden. Mr. Lang
dale, Joe Kav-s, E. Peters, A. Ferrand, J. ween
and a. Me wart. The ball had been tastefully
decorated, under the direction of Fred Curtis, and
the affair was under the direction of Chairman
Brown, assisted by HerDert H. Bygraves. This
lodge will in a body pay a traternal visit to Al
bion Lodge nest Wednesday.
Daughters of Liberty.
Last Monday Martha Washington Council held
an open meeting and presented an excellent lit
erary and musical programme to its many friends
who were present. This council is making ar
rangements for an entertainment to be given on
the evening of the 26th ins:. in Odd Fellows'
Hell in celebration of its anniversary. One of the
features will l.c a steicn presented by the mem
bers of the Starr King Drama ie Club. Mrs S. M.
Smith is the chairwoman of the committee of ar
langements.
La ifornia Council will give a masquerade ball
in Shiels' building next Thursday nfg&t.
Knights of the Golden Eagle.
California Castle conferred the first degree on
candidates last Wednesday and next Wednesday
will confer the second ■in .Native Sons' Hall.
There was a large delegation from Golden Gate
Castle present on the occasi .n of the conferring
of the degree. This castle proposes to give a party
after Lent. ■"•■.:
Companions of the Forett.
"The Yellow Xii" party given last Saturday by
Sherwood- i ircle. Companions of the ! i-orest,
branch of the Friendly Society. A. O. F.,'ln Aus
trian Hall, was a very pleasant affair. The at
tractive figure in the decoration was a figure of
"de ye low kid," who proclaimed on his blouse,
"dls is de kind of a party we'se given, see." A
number of the young ladles present were attired
in corn-colored gowns, and mmiy of the gentle
men wore yellow ties During the grand march
each participant was presented with a souvenir in
the form of a diamond-shaped piece of yellow kid
pend. «m from a bow of the <ame color. Supreme
Chief Companion Mrs. Beverson was present.
ThH uu.que event was under the management of
Mrs. J. li alley, Mis.i M schafer. Miss Lulu Mit
chell, C. Wetzel, Miss Krlie Fur*eson, Mrs. A. Yea
fcertuid Mr«. K. it: Howard. J. A. a.ni.h was the
floor manager, and lit bis duties he was assisted by
.Mi« >chafer. Mis* Meyer and Miss Luela Taber.
■■-.■•.. * ircle gave a p enfant social in Fores
ters' Ha I last Saturday night. Pride of the Forest
al.io gave a social that night.
The supreme chief companion will visit Vallejo
next Tuesday.
Independent Order of Forerters.
At the last held meeting of Court Mission. Inde
pendent i r.ler of Foresters, it was visr.ed by the
district d< puty hlsh chief ranger of this jurisdic
tion. The visitor delivered an interesting and In-
ructi ye address and a pleasant evening was spent
after trie close of the court bu-tiness.
'1 he s veral courts of this jurisdiction are making
I reparations to give a grand smoKer at no distant
day on the occasion Of a visit by High Chief
Ranger G. A. McElfrejh. Tne committee win se
cure first-class talent, an 1 the hoie is expressed
that it will be a mectln: that will arouse an un
usual interest la the order ana its work. ■■->;. ;■■:,
.The Kathbone Sisters.
San Francisco Temple 11 of the Rathbone Sis
ters, an auxiliary of the Knights of Pythias, gave
a masquerade ball in Crystal Hail, Pythian Castle,
last Saturday night. There were quite a number
of masquer) ana many striking ana original cos
tumes. One was a representation of Grover sit
ting on the bank of Salt Klver tithing. A number
of the costumes were grotesque and many were
very, pretty. As it was there was a great deal of
enjoyment for all and considerable competition
for the various prlxes that were offered. The en
tertainment was conducted under the auspices of
the following-named committee of Airahgemeuts:
Mrs. K. (-cho'.fleld, Mrs. I. M. Brooks. Mrs. M.
Westcott, Mrs. 1. MecreJy and Mrs. B. P. Daggetl.
Mrs. Scholfiela was the floor manager. The offi
cers of this temple are: Mrs. Dora .Lelsen, most
excel, ent Chief; Mrs. Florence Wear, excellent
senior: Mrs. S. P. Dagget-. excellent junior: Mrj
Ida Mecredy, mr.iia;«"r: Mrs. i. ' ma Scnolfield.
mistress of records: Mrs. Julia Graham, uilstrrsi
of finance; Mrs. Susie Dunn, pro.ector; Mis.
Grace Gray, guard of the outer temp.c.
Order of Chosen Friends. >
Empire Council will give a social on the 15th
inst. At its last held meeting the council received
several applications-
Tne Initiatory team. Initiated five candidates for
Social Council last Thursday in the presence* of
many members of the council.
America Council initiate 1 several candidates
last Tuesday and several appl cations were pre
sented.
The committee of arrangements having charge
of the leception of the representatives to tne
Urand Council met last Thursday and arranged
many details for the event.
• rand Councilor Boehm and Grand Recorder
Wauls paid an <-m<-ial visit last Friday to Berke
ley Council in West Berkeley.
Go. den Gate Council wl 1 meet next Friday in
Alczai building, having vacated It* quarter*' at
Pacific and Leav*-n«<orth street*, which it bad oc
cupied for sixteen yeais . .
■ Royal Arcanum.
Argonaut Council will to-night celebrate its re
moval to coloma hall in the N. S. U. W. building
by a socia' to the members of their own and Golden
West Council and invited guess. A suitable . pro
gramme, ending with a dance, has been' prepared
by the special committee, of which Pas; Regent
David Allen is chairman. The members of th»
council will meet at 7:30, transact their business
and the doors will be opene i for the reception of
guests at 8 p.m. a full -attendance Is expected,
also a good time.
The twentieth anniversary of the order and the
rea.-hing of the 200,000 mark in membership will
be duly celebrated by ttie order on Royal Arcanum
day, -May -JO, 1837. In the city of Brooklyn, N. V.,
they have fifty councils, with a membership of
000. The membership in California is rapidly
approaching 1000 and in all of .the councils much
1 merest is being taken. .
Order B'ne B'rith.
Grand President, M. P. Stein will pay the first
official visit of the year on the 15th lost. It will
be to Unity Lodge in this City.
Herman Enkle has been chosen president of the
Horary association, W. A. • Wise treasurer, L J.
Aschelm secretary, and Louis Bernstein librarian.
Grand secretary A schelm ; has received of the
printed journal of the proceedings of the last
held session of the dis'rlcf grand lodge held in
> toe ton and is busy a l , thin t.me forwarding
ccpl*-s to those entitled to receive them.' 1 Th« pro
ceedings have been ays ematically arranged and
an index Das been added which facilitates the
finding of any particular suiject Tim proceed
ings contain the new endowment plan as It was
adopted during the session of ihe giand body.
The journal Is a book cf '.'4O . pages that contains
matter that is of great value to every member of
the order. • • . : ■ '. . ' ~
Companions of the forest, F. O. A.
Liberty Circe. will give a fishpond party in
Maccabee Temple, on Mission street, on the even
in gof the '.'4th tnst. A committee has been ap
pointed to make all arrangements. ' * - - *■ - •
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, MARCH 8, 1897.
SEALIONS WILL
BE PROTECTED
The Government to Pre
vent Their Killing
by Hunters.
Ex-Mayor Sutro and David
Starr Jordan to the
Rescue.
Revenue Cutter Richard Rush R •
ceives Orders to Patroi the
Faral on Islendii
The great American Government has
str tched out its protecting arm over the
giant sealiona that inhabit the Farallones
and form one of the natural curiosities of
this coast. If the vandals who have an
nounced their intention of killing them
for the profit to be derived from their
hides and oil attempt to carry out their
scheme they will be confronted by the
frowning muzzles of tne guns of the cutter
Richard Rush.
The threat to exterminate these animals
was made public some time ago, and ex-
Mayor Sutro and Professor David Starr
Jordan of Stanford University both took
up the cudgels In defense of the big seals.
They addressed strong letters to the
United States District Attorney's office
protesting against the proposed slaughter
and asking whether there were not laws
on the statute-books protecting the Lons.
Ex- Mayor Sutro told United States Dis
trict Attorney Foote that if tlie Faral
lones were not under the jurisdiction and
protection of the United States Govern
ment they should be, and requested that
the National authorities be communicated
with regarding the proposed killing. Ho
stated that it was a fals • ide;i that the
seals were annihilating the fish tnat run
in and out of the bay, and that this fact
was proven by the unusually large num
ber of h-h found about the Seal Rocks.
Professor Jordan wrote that it would-be
nothing sbort of criminal to destroy the
animals, as they were a natural curiosity
that should not, in the interest of science,
be allowed to become extinct. It was im
pressed on Attorney Foote that if the seals
on the Farailones were killed those on the
Seal Rocks would also leave, and that one
of the greatest attractions to tourists from
the East and interior would be destroyed.
Assistant United States Attorney Bert
Schlesinger, to whom the matter was re
ferred, after looking up the laws carefully,
answered Messrs. Sutro and Jordan that
there appeared to be no law protecting
the Farallon seals and that the only way
of protecting them would be by an appeal
to "Washington. This course was taken
by Mr. Sutro and the facts of the case
were also transmitted by the United States
Attorney's office.
The result was that within a fpw days
past orders were sent out for the Richard
Hush to prevent aU seal hunting on the
Farallones and to protect the animals in
evsry way possible. The Rush will make
regular trips to the Farallones to $cc that
the orders of the Government are carried
out.
In an interview last evening United
States District Attorney Foote Btated that
there was no question of tbe jurisdiction
of the Government over the Farallone\
and that no killing of seals would be per
mitted.
AMONG THE WHELMEN.
Programme for the First Week
of the Indoor Tourna
ment.
F. Ed Spooner I? H?re— Michael and
Cooper Expected to Arrive
This Week.
The following is the list of events de
cided upon lor the first week of tne com
ing indoor cycling tournHment, which
opens at tbe Mechanics' Pavilion Satur
day evening, March 20:
First night, Saturday, March 20— One-mile
scratch professional; five-mile invitation,
professional, paced; one-mile handicap, ama
teur; live-mile club cup race, paced, two men
from each club to ride during the first \veek.|
Second night, Monduy, March 2U— Half-mile
amateur, scratch ; one-mi!o handicap, profes
sional ; five-wile club cup race (continuation) ;
two-mile open, professional.
Third night, Tuesday, March 23— Half-mile
open, professional; onu mile lap race, profes
sional, for points; one mile handicap, ama
teur; live mile, club cup race, continuntion.
Fourth night, Wednesday, March 24— Two
mile, open, amateur; one mile open, profes-
Fional, record race; hali-mlle handicap, pro
fessional; five mile, club cup race, continua
tion.
Fifth night.Thursday, March 25— Three mile
open, proie.-fional ; quarter mile dash, profes
sional; one mile lMp race, amateur, for points;
five mile, club cup race, continuation.
Sixtn night, Friday, March 26— Two-mile
tandem, nmaieur, flying start; one mile, pro
fessional, each rider to ride unpaced; one
mile, hnudicap, professional; five mile, cluD
cup race, continuation.
Seventh night. Saturday, March 27— Final of
five mile, club cup race; one mile, invitation,
professional; tea mile, open, professional;
quarter-mile dash, amateur.
The finals of all scratch races will be
paced.
The five-mile club enp race will be an
Invitational j> ff air, one rider from each
prominent club to ride. The beats will be
arranged by Mr. Shafer, and one heat will
he run each night. The winners cf heats
will receive a prize valued at $10, and the
first three to cross the tape in the final
will be given prizes valued at $30, $20
and $10.
The club cup race will be the means of
bringing the crack amateur of each club
into'competition; in fact the race will be
a series of match races between the best
umat'iirs in the metropolitan district.
Tne club's representative to cross the tape
first in tbe final will be presented with a
cup valued at $200, which is to become the
property of the club for all time.
Tne management has decided to fix the
value of prizes in all the professional
events as follows: $oO to the winner, $25
to the second and $15 to the third man.
The prizes for the amateur races has
been fixed as follows: $30 to the winner,
$20 to the second man and $10 to the third
man.
Match races between prominent riders
will be a feature on some nights. This
will be the means of making the competi
tion very keen and add to the interest of
the tournament.
The road races scheduled for yesterday
at Sin Leatidro hnve been postponed one
neet, owing to raiu.
F. J. Longhead, C. S. Wells. "Bob"
Terrill, W. E. Becker and C. L Davis ar
rived in town Saturday from Woodland,
the meet scheduled to be held there Satur
day having been postponed to March 15.
They will go to San Jose to-day to prepare
lor the mflet there on the 10th.
F. Ed Spooner, who follows the National
racing circuit for Bearings and a syndi
cate of newspapers, arrived here last
night. He says racing will be a bie thing
this year and thinks the coming indoor
tournament here should be the best ever
beld in the country, judeing from the
talent which will appear. He said
Michael would be here by next Thursday
and Tom Cooper would arrive next Satur
day. Bald will be here a ew days later
and then California wi'l h«T« the greatest
racing aggrega. ion in the country.
RACING ACROSS THE BAY AGAIN.
Emeryville Track Will Keopen To-Day
With a Good Card of JLvents
Emeryville tract, the home of the Cali
fornia Jockey CJub across the bay, will re
open again to-day with a very good card,
the principal event being the Gunst stake.
The track will be heavy and sticky aud
the picking undoubtedly hard.
Following are the entries:
Klrst race, six fur Jones, three-year-olds, selling.
580 Siegfried 104 123 Cuvallo "4
610 AHamax Il4i 493 Mrs. Shade 102
635 Jloreno 99 649 Play Eoy 101
561 LostO.rl. . .lU9 b47 'V dow Jones. . .104
659 Adam Andrew 107! 675 Kose.le 109
575 Torpedo 11 561 Klnine 9»
654 Sweei William 112 641 Sepoy 107
1(561 RoyLarruthe 5107.| 580 ilistral II 107
Second race, three and a half furlongs, two-year
olds.
.... Jiabel Mnrphv.lPSl .... Midglen 11l
630 Eroica .'..101 630 louaMarie 101
6 OMoringa.. 105 .. Da!ion 11l
646 St Philip. 108 ... >-l Moro 11l
646 Dnisy '.".'.lOl . .. Hey salnzar.... 108
... Jim Hrownuli. 11l 622 t*adie.Schwa: - tz.lol
524 siva 10S s:iss Ducoiey..lll
— Swanbild»..."!lOS[ 636 Uld Jack 105
Third race, one and onr-eighth miles, selling.
B4H Cherrystone.. .1021 650 Morte Foiise. ..112
658 Tuxedo 93 Stis Auteull 99
648 Doctor «... *93 (656)Cau't Danee — 111
631 Perseus 105|
Fourth race, one and one-sixteenth miles; Gunst
stake; value $150(.'.
653 Yanke Doodle 1 104 (64P)fash Day 110
649 Api.lause . ji!.. 648 Hermanita 103
656 Palomacita") . . 99 (6O4)S»lvab:e .104
66U Salishury r. 104 650 Lobengula 108
648 Lovd.il J ids 509 salvation 11l
Fifth race, ono mile, selling.
655 Koadrunner 100 624 Dennis 92
651 Ransom 107 £>30 Little Scot 96
640 Woodibopper lU6 67S Ike L 98
632 Knilla. 9o 609 Colliua. 103
618 Km*,* .Jan iii.-r .!:<];» (640) Double Quick., 106
496 Judge Denny... 94
Mxth race, six furiong 1 ?.
641 Alma 94 (576)*ummertime. ..105
.... H-adlight... .IJO (627).MWIIght 91
629 L gan 118 672 Kk-ardo 110
(65.-) il ontgomerj\..lu7 649 Latah 99
660 David H6J
SELECTIONS FOX TO-DAY.
First race— Lost Girl, Sweet William,
A 1 tain ax
Second race — No selections.
Third race— Morte Tonne, Can't Dance,
Ferae us.
Fourth rare — Solvable, Caih Day, Sal
vation.
Fifth race— Double Quick, Ramoin,
Judge Denny.
■Sixth race— David, Summertime, Mid
»Bht. _
RUTHVEN ON CATHOLICISM.
The Ex-Priest Say« Rome Wants to
Kule America.
Lecturer Ruthven, who says he was a
priest in Australia, lectured to a large
audience at Metropolitan Temple yester
day afternoon. His subject was "Shall
Rome Rue America?"
He held that Archbishop Ireland had
claimed that America would be Catholic
by the year 1900. "They have not much
time in which to convert the country,"
he said, ''and as they have lost Europe,
they have no chance in America."
The speaker dwelt on tbe public
school question, and held that it is the
cnief ambition of Rome to get absolute
control of temporal and spiritual affairs in
the United States.
Miss Phzinger's new song, l4 >Tew
America," was rendeieJ during the after
noon. There will be speaking at tbe
temple next Sunday by Ruthven.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
BALDWIN HOTEL.
G M Lowrlson, bs En HU F G Crist, CSS Oregon
J P Martin, V ss Oregon D L Roscoe.U 8 a Oregon
F Edwards, Auburn W B Krne & w, San Jose
A Bettenfflryoor: Hots 8 Goodman, Smvlle N V
F £ Spooner &w, Lhl R M Aldridge, Paso Rbls
W H Ruffcom & w, si Cz Capt T B Pritchard Saslo
H Brown. Fresno J B srott, 1 os Angeles
Miss Walts, lsuue C Miller. Val.ejo r/;. 1 -
NEW WK6TEKN HOTEL. :-'
Edwin Slade. Chicago Henr^ Stemgge, Frtvale
11 l)uv, iioulwiu \V X Dewy, i<laho
Sidney Smith, Troy, V James Leavitts, Boston i
John Morrissey, Colo MUs Fannie nice, Sac
J Ackerman, Stockton Jack ! Clark,' Pueblo, Colo |
»Ii«» A Sullivan, Mntrey Miss N Desmond, s Jose ;
G Kilter, Alaska H Thompson, e»t I.ouls
Kd Murphy, Kmeryvllle P J White, Philadelphia
F Methane, Boston A O'Brien, DaKOta
li Mcßrlde, On gon M way, lowa
P Casey, Seattle A Phelan, Chicago
LICK HOUSE.
J P Slmonds, Cal ■ N E Boyd, Napa
N X Baldwin, Woodoge J Forrener, i r
O R Cleveland <£ w, i hi B M Kisk <fe w, Boston
J W Payne, .NY R H SCnwattzkopp, Palo
John Huhart .t w.Bostn Miss 51 A Stewart, N J
JI) Deahl, Burllngame X G Church, Portland
D HHutchtnson, ur J Douchertv. San Jose
C J Hatch <& w. Boston X J Wadly, Mich
J L Smith. M Louis JWXevins, NY
John '1 ully, stork on J M Mannon, Berkeley
A J Palmer.Madera J M Wilmans, Newman
S C Wiloians, Newman CII Jordan, Hasidenu
It N West <fe w, Oaklnd W It Walsh, N X
J R Pavne, S V Mary B Louttit, Stockton
Miss Moser. Mokel Hill 1) E Demarest, Angels
J 11 "Rogers Merced T V McCarthy , Ohio
A C snyder. >anta Cruz W A lieu, Sacramento
i' W CrelKhton, NY • J Douph'rty, San Jose
OR AND HOTEL.
W J Hall, Sacto II Washburn & W, Vt
Fhi Coon, Los Anreles Miss F Fisher, Arizona
A Levlnsky, Stockton C Pendleton.Los Angeles
A W Feed, Gardner L T Lane, Atuels lamp
J .Sherman. Martinez Miss M Marsh, Pinole
C Ager, Stanford Unlv X Cuthber.a in, Stanford
A Gardners w,. San Jose A bhaw. Sun Jo
J Jones &w, san Jose A Garter &w, ban Jose
\V Sutherland, Stanford '1 J Mills, N V
M A James. N V '1 H JamesJr, Mass
P Flola <fe w, Stockton J Weil, -anger '-V/-J'*':,
J s Stauford, Denver O Selay, .New Mexico
Mrs C Lynn, Sonora B Lynn. Sonora
F Johnson, Seattle Mrs J C Eden, St Paul
J M stone, Los Oatos It L Peters, Mills
it Goidon, Los Angeles 7, LeFlore, Los «.atos
W Williams san Jo<e Mrs 11 Willlnms,.SaiiJo»e
Miss Williams, San Jo«e Master Williams,* anJose
U Rushing, 1> ncKnvvil J Billion, st Jolin
B M Hur:on, -Willows F G McLean & w, Cal
Mrs H Alburv, Colusa P lo^uazzinl, (Jayamos
J O Allen, San Jose
PALACE HOTEL.
H Glassell, Los Ang H T Poindexter. Cal
H stover, Philadelphia M llansen, lie mont
U M Boue, Stanford Mrs S E Verm Urea, 111
F C Dais<.-y, Ft Smith L Gunde:flugcr, Fresno
S McMurtrie,Sauta Barb W.H llumington, uhio
J M Pool, Chicago H Wright, Cleveland, O
lira L Mcßrlde, Ohio Mrs E \\ rim , 'Jhio .
MrsO H Hill, N liamp Mr« T Jl Barton, N H
F P i arpenu-r, N II Miss M K Carpenter, N H
Mrs A btowell, Pasadena Miss Young. Pasadena
R H Cook, Whitehall Hr» R H Cook.Whltehall
JZ Smith, lowa . a R Clausen, Chlcaco : '
A Jones, St Louis >•' c« Chepaiau <fe w. Cal
F 8. »1 orris. Portland R I, Durham, Portland
X E Moody. Portland ; J J tnnger, Scraulun
OWL Sthadt, scranton F N Dewey, NY
W L Braddock, .N V Lieut « A biske, N V
Mrs B a Fisk. N V Miss Fiike, N V
J (I McKinn»y, Los Ang TS McKlnney, Los Ang
J R Wevta 1, NY . T H Partridge, > V
Mis Par. rid &c,N. V A Kulver. Fresno
Mrs A Kulver, Fresno B C Ward, l oriel od
J i» Redding. NY J M Reed. Philadelphia
Mrs J E.venon Jr. Pa D Maciay, Portland
Mrs J Al Reed, r-hllada A V iiraedlsh. Los Ang
Mrs J M Henderson, i ai L lOme A w, N V
Dr C F Poore <k w, N V J B Wright, Akron, O
F W Butler, Akron, O J Garwoud, rtockton
RUS9 HOU.-E. "
M O Folsom, susanville M X Briggi, St Louis
Aylwor.h, Dixon X F.sk. Stewarts Point
S T Bladson. 1 T . -J, E Warren. Moi teiey
E Holland, Los Gatos J M Kailaday, Sacto
GW i rane, San Diego G c Wiegand, San Jose
H J Morse, Omana C JSlaurabaugh & w, Cal
A s Baker, Los Btinos W Baker. L<»s Banos
0 J Crooke, Los Binos . H b Turn«>r, Eureka
J Knight A fin; Cnl a O McKnight & w. Cat
b J Nuttlng.BunniVlita L Parsons, Kings City
Mrs E Hoicain, Cal MHs M Shaner, Cal
X A Bunce, Alamo It c Stinson & w, Cal
A HBush, Decoto M Mansell, Cul
J L Johnson, Ukinh O Longhead, Grayson
L A Richards. Grnyson T C Cox, stock on
-.?? Haw Eureka . J Whl.lord, Jameuowa
<« W Oibbs, . V.cavllle H *-ut|lvan, Vacavitie
J A Johiisun Klmtra R P Hurl but, Redwood V
£ v . v "- chlcigo W T \Mlliams, ixjs Ang
57 w , llia "'«. Los \ng II J Morse, Omaha
OK William , Aiodoc R Guile, Mo.ioc: -
M "»ens. .s n Rafael C X Geer, Stockton
JEN Williams. Or A B Dalgitv. Astoria
Miss I- K.mba.l. Or ' >: Butler &w, N J
C a Phipps, >arto W Wraiherel. Benton .
s Marsh, Oakland O C Holmes. Portlund
F cimon, N y
TMK CALL CALENDAR.
March. 1897.
W.
Fr. Ha.
5 8
12 13
19 20
26 27
Moon's Phases.
2
.4
®': New Moon.
-March 8..
8 '
10
11
3 Firs: Qui
March
15
I
17
<C*x;Full Moon.
\*W March 18.
©hast Qua
| **W s rt March
Explanation.
Tbe arrow flies with the wind. The top flgnrtt
| Mt station Indicate maximum temperature for th«
i Cays: those underneath It, If any, the amount of
! rainfall, of melted snow In inches and hundredth*.
A tiring the past twelve hours. Isobars, or soli'l
lines, connect poln s of equal air pressure; iso
therms, or dotted lines, equal temperature, 'lhe
word "hiirli" means hlsfh barometric pressure and
Is usually accompanied by fair weather: "low"
rffers to low pressure, and. Is usually preceded
and accompunled by cloudy weather and rain*.
"Lows" usually first appear on the Washington
coa.it. Whf-n the pressure is hi^h in th» interior
and low along the coast, and the isobars extend
north and south alone the coast, rain U probable:
but when the "low ts Inclosed with Isobars of
marked curvature, rain south of Oregon is nnprob
able. With a "high" in the vicinity of Idaho, and
lhe pressure falling to the California coast, warmer
we«ther may l>e expected in summer and colder
Weather In winter. The reverse of these conditions
«fUI »»oduce uq opposite result.
WEATHER BUREAU REPORT.
United ptatks Dkpartmknt of Aoßrcui/
-turk.Wkather Bureau, San Francisco, March
7. 1897, 5 P. M The following are the rainfalls
for past 24 hours and seasonal rainfalls to date as
compared with those of the same date last sei-son :
l-.urckn this season . last season 31. 59. past
24 hours ; Red Bluff 22.15. las: season 14.49,
pas' "4 lioum.o3; San Francisco 20.56, last season
}H. 89, past 24 hours. 16: Fresno 9 26, la-a season
4.93. past 24 hours .04; rian Luis Oulspo 19.69,
last season 14 61. past 24 hours .38! Los Angeles
16.05. last season 7.87. past 24 hours .24; San
j'i.-Ko 10.88. :a-t season 5.68, pas: 24 hours .16;
i »i 5.31. last .season .88, past 24 hours .
San Francisco data— Maximum temperature 60,
minimum 40, moan 45.
The storm whi'h was central last evening on
the Northern California an I Southern Oregon
coast has moved eastward beyond the Hocky
Mountains. An area of bi?h presnure is central in
Montana, which is accoiupauied b. - bilow-zero
1 tempera urcs. A sconUarea of high pressure is
central off tlirf California coast. Conditions are
favorable f r occasional scattered showers through
out California from San Francisco northward.
Forecast made at s-an J-r^ncisco for 30 hours
I ending at mldi.Uhf. March 8, 1897.
Northern California— Fair in southeast por Ion;
occasional scattered showers in northwest portion
I Monilay; pro^abtv warmer in north portion Mon
day : brisk westerly to southerly wi:ids.
southern California— Fair Monday; fresh west
erly w;n is.
Nevada— Generally fair Monday.
Utah— Local snow in north portion, fair In south
por : i in Monday.
Arizona— Fair Monday.
Ban Francisco nnd vicinity— Occasional scat
tered showers Monda • : fresn southwest winds
\V. h. Hammon. Forecast uttlclal.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
of Departure From San Francisco.
ST X.AM |DK9TINATIO!".
sins
| PIBB.
Tel Norte.. Grays lftiroor. I
dateotCal. \ Portland < I
orona san Dineo |
iunol Urars Harbor.
areata >.o*>. Bay - |
'0m0na.... : Humboidtßav
an Bias.... Panama. ]
'zarlna Coos Bar
i Blanc bard Oregon ports.. j
'arallon ; Yaauiuaßa/.
Cnrelca..... ! Newport ....v. |
,'matllla.. . . I Vie <_ Pgt Snd i
ianta Rosa. ' San Diego...., |
'.W. Kilter ; Portland !
|Mch 8. 4PM 1
Men 9.II'AM Pier 24
I Mch 9,1 lam Pier 11
| Mch 12 m Pier 3
Men 9.10 am Plerll
I Men 9. vrMjPl»fl
Mch 30.12 M|P M SS
Mch 10.12 - : Pier*
Men lv, 6pm: Pier 13
Mi 11. 9am pier .
Mch 11, »a - Pier 11
Mr hi 9AM'Pler»
I Mch 13.11 am Plerll
Mch 14.10 am ! ■ -r ■/*
STEAMERS TO AKRIVE.
■steamer I From I Due
.empire.
Areata...!
Pomona
I m mill a.
Alice Blancbard
Farallon
Kureka.
Wellington... .
Czarina
Cleone
Crescent Cltv...
City Sydney....
Amarapoora....
Geo W. Klder..
Santa K05a. ....
Zealand 1a. ......
Sun Mate 0......
Too* Bay
Queen
Peru..
Corona. ........
Del None
r -or: mini
COM. 8ay...: ;
Humboldt Bay...
Victoria it Puget sound
Portland....
Yaquina tsar
i Newport-
! Departure Bay
Coos Hay
I Crescent City
I Crescent City
Panama
Champenco.
Portland
San mezo _
Sydney....
Comox
Newport
Victoria* Puget Sound
I'll and Japan...... ..
San Diego .;...:
«>rars Hurmi'.
..JJC.I o
..Mch ti
..Mch 8
...Mch 8
..Men 8
..Men 9
..Mch 9
..Mch 9
..Mch 9
...Men 9
..Mch 10
..Men 10
..Men 10
..Mch tl
..Mch 11
..Mch 11
'..Mch il
.Mch 13
. . Mch 1 a
. . Men 14
..Mch 15
Mch 16
SUN, MOON AND TIDE.
DNITKT> f-TATKS '"OAST AND fiFOn^TIC PtTRVRT
TIMKS AND HKIeRTS OF HIOH AND LOW
Waters at Fokt Point. Entrance to
fc'AN Francisco Bay. I'ubi.ishki> by Offi
cial Authority of thk suferiktkxdicnt. ■
Note— Tho high and low waters occur ai the
City Front (Mlsjlon-atreae Wharf) about twenty-
Jive iiimii; later than at Fort I'uim. lua belgbt
of M* l.s the same a', both place*. ;' ,-,":
March-1H97.
Monday, March 8.
Sun rises 6. 31 1 Moon rises......
Sun sets 6.11 1 Moon sets 11.30pm
1 1 !___ i Feet !? -| !__| Feet I _____ Feet ' Tlra
3|lw| 'ih XV 1. W it XV
2.00
2.46
3.40
4.44
L W
0.22
1.27
4.'i
4. Hi
4.6
46
I 9.2H
1 10.30
{11.35
12.34
H XV
1 5 65
I 7.11
«.7
06
0.0
0.4
0.3
4.451
6.-6 !
7.26,
&la
1. \-
-1.--8
2.16
3.0
! 3.0!
I 2.8
I 3.1
l
i***. I
9.
. .D
2.7
2.8
2.8
11
12
■ 11.15
a w
M.SH
I 9 30
..,..
13
14
,0
3.0)
4.5
4.5
0,
3.4
Note— ln the aoove exposition of the tides tha
parly morning ttde.s are given In the left hand
column, aud tho successive tides of the day la the
order of occurrence ai to time. The second time
column gives the second tide of the day, the thlr.l
time column the third tide, and the last or right
hand column elves the last tide of the day, except
when meru are but threo tides, as sometimes
accurn. The heights given are additions to tha
soundings on the United States Coast Survey
charts, except when a nr.nm sign (— ) precedes lha
holght, and then the number given la aubtractiv*
from the depth given by the charts.
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branch or the United State* Hydrographlc
Office located In the Merchant*' Exchange is
maintained in San Francisco for tha benefit of
mariners without regard to nationality a;id free ot
. expense.
Navigators are cordially invited to visit the
oftice, where complete sets of charts and sailing
directions of the world are kept on hun I. or com
parison and reference, and the latest information
cun always be obtained regarding lights, dangers
to navigation and all matters of Interest to ocean
commerce.
The lima hall on top of the building on Tele
graph Hill Is hoisted about ten minim s before
noon, and Is dropped at noon. 120 th meridian, by
telegraphic signal teceived each day from the
United States Naval Obiervaiory a. Mare Island
Cat.
A notice stating whether tho time ball was
dropped on time, or giving the error, If any. U
piibiighed the same day oy the afternoon papers,
and by the morning papers the following .la*.
W, S. HvoHn.
Meuteuant. V. s. N.. in ctmrje.
SHIPPING INTKLI.IGENCE.
Arrived.
SUNDAY. March 7.
Stmr North Fork, Hansen, 28 hours from Eu
reka; pass and mdse. to Charles Nelson.
Stmr Mexico, Jeuaen. ti4 hour* from San
.Diego and way ports; pass and mdse. to Uoodall
I'erKln.H <fe Co.
Stmr Noyo. Levlnson. lft hours from Fort Bragg;
pass and mdse, to J S Klmball.
Sailed.
SUNDAY, March 7.
Btmr Oeo Loom Is. Brtdcett. Ventura.
Btmr National Cltv. Andresen, Eureka.
Simi Walla Walla, Wallace, Victoria and Port
Town send.
Stmr Coos Bay. Hall. Newport and way ports.
V h stmr Jeanette. Newth. whaling.
Bark . cvi Burgess, Youngtcren. Tacoma.
Schr Reliance, Wi.son, Point Arena.
Schr Moonlight. Spencer.
«chr Monterey, Beck. Bowens Landing
Telegraphic. :
rOT^rt LOP 1 " I **. March 7 -Li p. >i.-Weaib.ar
cloudy: wind B\V: veioci.r 10 iali«*
Domestic Ports.
PORT ANOELES-Salled Mar 7— Haw ship Ha
wnllan lilej. for Vancouver. D -.i, tj-».«
FORTBLAKELKV- Arrived Mar 6— Baric Kate
Davenport, hence Feb 21. •
tbkl.i*!! Marts-Bark Matilda, for Honolulu. _
lOOS KAY— Arrived Mar 7-S;turs Chi. cat and
Alice B.aichurJ. fiom Astoria.
• «n.i Mar 7-Stnir Czarina, for San Francisco.
MENDOCINO-Saileu Mar 7-Schr Bobolink.for
San r rin.nco. -' • • ' ■ , „'
Arrive.! Mar 7-Stmr Point Arena, hence Mar b.
OKAYS HARBOR— ' Mar 8-Schr tan me
Adele. for sari Franasco. MarS-acur Cbas nan
son, for licdondo. , '
CASPAR Arrived Mar 7— s:mt Jewel, benca
* POINT ARENA-salled Mar 7-Stmr Green
wood. -or >an Francisco.
TATOOSH- Passed Mar 7— Bark Columbia. from
Port Blakele/ for San Francisco; hark Alex Me-
NeilL from Port Gamble for Freemantle: bark
Carrollton. from Naualnio for San Francisco.
PORT HADLOCK— SaiIed Mar b-BKtn J M
Griffith*, for »an Francisco.
VAQUINA BAY— Sailed Mar 7— «mr Farallon.
for ban Francisco.
Movements of Train- Atlantic Steamers.
KK\v YORK— Arrived Mar 7— Stmr St, Louis,
from Southampton.
sailed Mar7—-tmr Mobile, for London.
H AVRE-Arn veil out Mar 7-stmr La Cham
pagne.
QUEENSTOWN-Salled Mar 7— Stmr Ktrurla,
for New York.
BEACH V HEAD- Passed Mar 7— Stmr Missis
sippi, from New York for London.
PRAWLE POlNT— Passed Mar 7— Stmr South
wars, from New York for Antwerp. .
Importations. -
SAN DIEGO— Per Mexico— l 9 sits walnuts, 4cs
milk. 25 bxs dried apricots, 6 bxs fruit, 2 boxes
grape fruit, 2 bxs dry goods, 6 i>kgs mdse. 1 box
harness, 9.-9 bxs oranges. 5 bxs tomatoes, 572
bxs lemonj, 1 i exs limes, 20 hf-bbls pickleJ n'-b.
1 keg olives, 2 pkgj beeswax. 1 bx sardines, 268
sksxbalone shells, 37 sks abalone meat, 30 b us
dried fish,
.Newport South — 333 bxs oranges, 8 bales dried
chllie-t, 32 bx* lemons, 500 sheep. |
itedondo, c c— 2 bbls 71 hx* lemons, Ics oil. 1
keg wine, 469 bxs oranges, 19 sks mils, 1 case
canned beef, 4 cs hardware, i pk-i castings, 1 a*
asphaltuzn. 2 a beeswax, 1 cs books, 3 sks ash
cement. 4 t bis vinegar, 2 pkRS mdse, 1 crt bike, 1
bale burlap, 43 cs pickles. 'I cs drugs.
Los Angeles, eic— l24 bxs oranges, 2 cs paper, 2
1 rollers, 26 bxs garvanzas. 1 pulley, 1 cs canned
go.jdi, 6 bxs 1 keg ogives 113 cs bottles. 1 obi
crockery, 7 pice* m-Jse. 6 bxs books, 6 c* cigars. 1
bx hardware. 1 bx .stationery, 1 citd desk, 1 bale
rugs, 1 piano stool, 1 bxd piano, 6 cs tobacco, 43
sks p»-B8
8 inta Barbara— Ics eggs, 2 bbls 0i1, 3 pkes mdse,
5b bxs lemons, 43 bxs oranges, 1 bbl globes. 1 pkg
castings, 1 bx gas fixtures. 3 bdls pipe, 1 bx dry
go >ds.
Port Harford. etc-7 tubs 1 keg 404 bxs batter,
'I t)X» tackle, 66 csesjss. 10 cschi-eie, 1 ci honey,
90s hats, 1 lo; household furniture. 'i. pkgs m<l-*\
2 coops chickens, tiim fish, 18 W alts bituminous
rock.
FORT BRAGG- Per Noyo— 250 Mft lumber, 1
roll paper, 1 roll paper, — cs mdse. •
EUREKA— Per Norih Fork— 23 pkgs rodse, Ics
I cigars. Si bdls tails, 3 bdls pelts, 12 ska gluestock. 3
I dry hides. IS rolls matting, 22 green bide*, 12 sks
skin. '.'l6 Mft lumber. 43 M shakes, 1110 M
shingles.
Consignees.
Per Mexico— M T Freitas & Co: Francis Bros: 8
Levy & Co: D Garcia; Geo R Starr <£ Co: HO
Gr-enhooJ: We more Br<-g; L D Stone & Co; H
j W al jeck; Campodonlco <& Malcolm; Wolf >fc Sons;
; J De .Martini; Pa.ilic Transfer Co: M Lemcke; A
Vlgnier; "San Francisco Brewing Co; Neuutadter
Bios: Dod?e. Sww n<»v .fe Co: -Lewis Packing Co;
Bei Scii mid t:W P Fuller* Co: >>insheimer Bros;
i J lvancovica &Co: Gray & Barbieri S. hropby: ./
|H - Cain & Co; Eveleth <& Nash -. L .^catcni & Co:
i Dalton Bros; Levl Spiegel <fc Co: Gould A Jaudin;
I s.ei-n A Co; Fiach 4 Hinhteidt; D Biagi &Co: C
O Burr: .1 (' lohns n A Co; UK Whltier.tOo;
Dunham, Carrigan «t Co: John Lo?fler: \V'hitaker
<fc nay; llnlse, Bradford * Co; Mac< <t Co: • T II
Donga; Hooker A Co: W W. Grauam: Whee'er«fc
K-ynolds: N Marshal; Knudson <fc Ingold: This
Mills A Bros: Pacific Ammonia and Chemical
Works;- JFCh«pman & Co; RB»hlow: Pascal.
Dubedut <fe Co; .1 .Murray <fe C«: C M Volkman; G
Ji T Jackson ; Jo« Warner; Trobock A Bergen; G
T Kberh»id & Co; Cert, Sch:os< & Co: Iliey. <;
Ones-' & Co; Alau. *»dler* Co; W P Mitchell:
American Tobacco Co: Mliiaker it Welbaaks: X T
Allen & Co: Murphy, Grant &Co ; Baaiam Bros;
Le--narJ <£ Kill-,; Dairymen's Union: Hills Bros:
Union Br»«werv: Brlgham, HoppeA Co; Flynn &
Tr»cy; J H Newbnuer & Co: \v C Price Co: Pac
Coast' Fish Co; Wheaton, Breon <fc Co: A Failles;
Witzel A Baker: HUmer. BredhofT(!t L
Kline A Co; Wellman. Peckit <_o: J B Xn^uulla:
Marshall A Reimers; H Kirchmann <fc Co: Child*
& Nixo i: F B ilaight: Norton, Teller Co: Join
Hpynolds: labor Exchange: - H Heckman& Co;
Kowalsky A Co; American Union J-'ish Co; Kn a,
Ear y & Co: De Bernard! A Co; H N Tilden <fcCo ;
Wm't'llne N <ioidtree.
Per Noyo -Union Ijiimber Co; Wm ClnfT<& Co. :
fer. North Fork -A C Nichols * Co: rctlc OH (
Works: standard oil ur>; Hulst?, Bradford it Co; 11 ■
Levl &Co; S H Frank & Co: Clias Nelson: Cal
Glue Works: Crrroll 4 Carroll.
OCEAN TRAVEL. . ;..:
PHrnmilSfl 8. !». AUSTRALIA for !
jlfcHSlliL HUN " '• ULU "■■■ v
i t 2L"^ 1 "'* Tuesday. M-rch 23. j
y —^^ Bt B •*• Special party j
Cit^'X ' \ rates.
G)[Cg!IDIII[/ v sails via HONOLULU
(etinV\WU~' and AUCKLAND for • !
VJJIIipUICq^ SYDNEY. . intirstlay, I
•\rrll 1. at 2 p. m
Line toCOOLOARDIB, Aost., and CAPETOWN,
Couth Africa. -
J. D. SPP.ECKELS * BROS. CO.. Agents.
i 114 Montgomery streak
Freight Office, 327 Market San t'r«ncl«i>. -
PAGinC COAST_STEAMSBIP CO.
STEAMERS LEAVE BROADWAY J^lSL-
wharf, San Francisco, as follows: 'fiM^r
For Mary Island, Loring. Wrangel, Juneau, Kll-
Hsnoo and Sitka (Alaska), at 9 a. m. March 12, \
17. 22. 27.
For Victoria and Vancouver (B. C), Port Town- :
sen'!, Seattle, Tacoma, Everett, Anacortes and
New W> at com (Bellinghani Bay, Wash.). 9a. it
Mar 2, 7, 12. 17, 22, 27 and every Ilfth day there-
after, connecting at Vancouver with th« C. P. R.
R., alTaiorua with N. P. R. R., at Seattle with U.
N. Ky., at Port Townsend with Alaska steamers.
For Kureka, Arcaa and Fields Landing (Hum-
bold t Bay), *tr. Pomona 2 p. m., March 1, 5,9. 13,
17. 21. 2.">. 29 and every fourth day thereafter.
< For Santa Cruz. Monterey. San Simeon, Cayucos,
Port' Harford (san Luis Oblspo), Gavlola, sauts
1 Barbara, Ventura. Hueneme, &an Pedro, East Saa
Pedro (Los Angeles) and Newport, at 9 a. m.
Mar.-h 3, 7, 11, 15, 19, 23, 27, 31 and every fouriti
day thereafter. .
For s;m Dieeo. stopping only at Port HanorJ
(San Luis Oblapo). i-anta Barbara, Port Los An-
relea, Kedondo (Los Angeles) and Newport. 11
a.m. Met. 1,5. 9, 13, 17, 2 1, 25, 29 and every fourth
day thereafter. ■ • •
For Ensenada, San .Tote del Cabo. Mazatlan, M
Paz and Gunymas (Mexico), steamer Orizaba, 10
A. U. 25th of each month.
Ihe Company reserves the right to change with-
out previous notice steamers, sailing dates and
hours of sailing. Ticket office— Palace Hotel, 4
New Montgomery street.
UOODALL, PERKINS <ft CO., Gen'l Agents.
■ 10 Market m.. San Francisco.
, , .
THEO.R.&N.CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAN ID
From Rpoar-street, Wharf, at 10 a. it
Ft T>T7 /Sl2 Fimt-class V Including
.A J.VI2J i sii Second-class /berth <& meals
SCHEDULE OF SAILINGS:
State of California..... Feb. 27. Mar. 9, 19, 29
C01umbia....... .......Mar. 4, 14, .'4
Tbrougn tickets and through baggage to all
Eastern points. Bates and folders upon applica-
tion to ■ .
T. F. CONNOR. General Agent.
630 Market street. .
GOOD ALL. PERKINS A CO.. Superintendent!
COMPAGHIE GOT 11 TRAJTSATLASTIp'S
French Line to Havre. '
/COMPANY'S PIKR(NEW),42 NORTH Jt tfk
V ' River, foot of Morion st, l ravelers by -aKSSf
this line avoid both transit by English railway ani
the discomfort of crossing the channel In a small
boat.: New York to Alexandria. Egypt, via Pan j,
first class $160. secoDd class ♦US. .
LA BRKTAGNE.......; March IS. B*. jc.
LA NORM A V DIE ..Msrcn '. 0, sa. m.
LA CHAMPAGNE....... March 27, 5 A.M.
LA TUUKA1N^....... ............ A p r i! a, 6 a.m.
LA BRETAGNE..... ...........April 10. 6A.M
ja~ For further particulars apply to
. ; . A. FORGET, Agent.
No. 3. Bowling Green, New York.
■ J. F. FUGAZI & CO., Agents. 6 Montgomery
•venue. San Francisco. ... .
STOCKTON STEAMERS
Leave Pier No. 3, Washington St.,
At 6 P. 31. Daily. Freight received up
' to i:3l) P. M. -' ■ ■ : ■■ ■ •
$ff Accommodations Reserved by Telephone. -
The only lint- se.llnt: through tickets and giving
through freight rates : to all poin.s o.i Valley
Railroad. " '-• ■ .' ' - ■ ; ■.- ■ ; -; ; -'-' r.--. ■;-. \
r STEAMERS!
T.C.Walker, J. Peter*.
Mary (iarratt. City of Stockton.
Telephone Main 805. Cat. Nay. aud lmpc. Ua
FOR TALLFJO AID U. 8. lAYYYARDI
SXKA3IKB "MONTICELtO,"
Dally ex. Saturday A Sun.. 10:30 a. it" and 4 p. c '■
5aturday5. ....... ...... "10:30 a. it, 4 r. ic
5unday5. ...... ...... .:..:. .:...... ....... ......8 r. Mb
Landing Misslon-stree* Dock. Pier 2.
• - Telrphone Black 2dl. .
•Trip elves 6 hours slop at Navy- . • .
FOR JOSE; LOS GATOS & SAITICRDI
QTEAMER ALVISO LEAVES PIER 1 DAILY
O (Saturday excepted) at 10 a. m. Alviso clail>-
(SaturdHy_- ex. .-pi. .i > :at 7 .-'"P." it" • Freight v. and
Passenger. ■ Fare ■ between < San . Francisco -and :
Alviso, 50c; to Sail Jose, 75c. Clay St., Pier L
•M W. bauta Clara st., ban Jose.
I.EAVK I FBOMFKBBTTABY 15.1897 -* I arkiv»
ioiithkrii r*<:i"« compantT
(PACIFIC SVSTIOM.)
'•:O«a Niles. Bau Jose and "Way StaMons... >:«» '
7:«0a Atlantic Express. Ogjlen and M.. tm., r
7:00 a Benida, VaoaTille, Kurnsey. Sacrv
meuto. OroTille and Redding m
UaTia •■■;;•:•■„•■■• «=«»
7:8« A Martinez, San V allejo, Jiara,
Oalistoga and Santa Rosa C:13«
«::»»A Nilvs. .S*n .los-. Stock ton.' lone,
Sacramento,' Marys»ille, Chico,
Teliama and lied -«:i:j*
•8:3Oa Peters anil Milton *7:15p
9:OUa New Orleans Impress. Raymond (for
! YosMiiite), I'resiio, HakerslicM
Santii Rarltam, l.os Ahss«l«-h, Dem-
ing El l'a*o. .New ' Orleans and
East 4:45p
»:OOa Martinez and Stockton J:ir,p
0:00 a Vallejo Orlop
' .......Nils*, San J'tc, Livermoro and
Stockton 7:1 5
•l:OOp Saoranwnto Hirer Steamers •!>:t»dr
• I:OOi- Nilcs, San Jose and i iverm re S«43a
(!::;»? Port Costa and Way Stations .... fit-toy
4: (MM- Martinez, Kan Kanioii, ■ Vullejo.
Nap:i. Calistogu, XI yerino and
Santa Rosa..* 0«l."i*
4:OOp Benioia, Vacaville, Wmiillama,
Ki:ight» Landing, Marysville, Oru.
Tillo ami . Sacramento 11:13
4:30r Lathrop, Stockton, Modesto, Mer-
ced and Fresno, going via ICllet,
returning Tia Martinez 1 1 : M A
Bioorl/G? Angelas Express. Tracy.
•Fresno, Santa Barbara and I/js -. .
Angeles ' ''■ 5A
8i««P .Santa Ko Route. Atlantic K.ipreia -,
for Mojars and East * 45
8:OOP Kuropeau Mail, Ogdan and Ka»t.... 0:4.1
S:OOi' Hajwarda, Nile* and .San Jose 7:134
|7:OOi> Vallpjo -...•• *7:45»
7iOOr Oreitou Eiprsss, Sacramento. Marys,
ville. Ite.Ming. Portland. l'uget
Sound and Kast 11:13 a
ilOiMr " Sunset Limited. Fresno, Los
Angeles,- HI Paso. New Orleans
audEast - II2»4»>
jijANTA CKIIZ IHTISIUS (Narrow <iaugc ).
•i|!iA Newark.OnterviUo.San.lose.Felton,
Boulder Creek, Santa Cruz and Way
Stations ................... 3i3or
•2:18r Newark. Center»ille, San .lose, hew
Almaden, Felton, Boulder Creek,
Santa Cruz and Principal Way
Stations..... • *ll:a<n
4:1 Si* Newark, S»u .1<>8« and Los <!atos ... i):."> 0 v
|11:45f Hunters' Excursion, San Jose and
| Way S tat ions t7:Bop
COAST 01 VISION (Tlilnl & TowtiHuiit KM
O:4Sa Sail Jose and Way Stations (New
Almadeu Wednesdays only) lrHOl
•>lSa Bau .lose, Tres l'lnos, Bunta Crus,
Pacitic rove. Paso Roltlcs, Ban #
Luis Obißpo. Ouadalupe, Surf and
Principal Way Stations 7:0 Of .
IO:4Oa San Jose and Way Stations 5:O0p
11:3Va Palo Alto and Way (Stations 3:30»
■S:3or San Mateo, Menlo Park, Baa Jose,
Gilroy, l"res Pinos, Santa Crnr,
Balinas,Monterey ami PaciQcGrore *10:40 l
•3:»op San Jose and Way .Stations &:4.V\
•4:3OpHao Je«e and Way Stations *H:O.T\
3:30r ..'ose and Principal Way Stations *8:43 a
tt: 3o e San Jose and Way . Stations fi:.'|.iA
i11:45f San Jose and V.'ay HtatloDs f7:45p
j ' MS LEAS I*llo AM> HAWURDS LIKAL."
1»6:OOa: ~~ 7~ 7:1 3a
8:OOa I (U:4.IA
iHStI Belroi., Seminary P«k, Jfjg*
"«.oo» Flt*hb B rg,S.nLe.iidro . »Jg
, 3:OOp an d » 4:43p
4:OOp . 1 5:43p
5:30p Htyntrdl. 6:15p
7:<iOp J . S:4"»i
9*OOp 9*43p
O:OOp i Rniw through to Nile*. lO:3Op
tfllilSp^ . « From Niles. tH2:OOp
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
from SIN MiSCISCO— Foot of Mirket Street (Slip 8)—
•7:16 9:00 11:00 a.m. $1:00 *2:00 t3:03
•4:00 t5:0O »6:00 p.m.
| rromOlKUßD— Foot of Eroadwi?.— *6.-00 8:00
10:00 a.m. J12:00 '1:00 t2:00 »3:30 # t*:Oa
»5:03i-.m. *
A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
I * Sundays excepted. 1 Saturdays only.
t Sundays only.
ft Monday, Thursday and Saturday nights only.
TTnetday s and Saturdays, i Sundays and Thurrd art.
SMMCISCO&KORTHPA.
CMC RAILWAY CO.
Tlburon Ferry— Foot of Market it.
San Francisco to San Rafael.
WEEK DAYS— 7:3O, 9:00, 11:00 a.m.: \2:l\
8:30, 5:10, 6:30 P.M. Thur3<lays— Kxtn trip
at 11:30 p. If. Saturdays— Kxtrtk trips' ac 1: jj
and 11:30 p. v.
BUNDAYS— 9:30, 11:00 a. M.; I:3* ' iX
6:00, 6:20 P. M. ' -;■"> •..,;:
San Kafael to San Francisco.
WEEK DAYS— 6:IS. 7:50. 9:JO. 11:10 a. if •
12:45. 3:40, 5:10 P. Jt Saturday.*— til trim
at 1 :55 P. M. and 0:35 P. m.
SUNDAYS— S:Io. 9:40, 11:10 A. v.; I:4a 3:1%
6:00, 6:25 p. st
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park «m
schedule as above. '•
.Leave tt, ,#„.(; Arrive
Ban Francisco. oct? 14. 6an ' rancl c
WEEK I Bu^- i, < ., I ,?natlon SuN * I WW aX
Days. I days. " c » linallop - u AY9 ; Days.
I 7:»u am 8:00 am No vat o, 10:40 am- B:4Jak
3:30 pm 9:30 am ! Petaluma, 6:10 pm 10:25 am
6:10 fm 6:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:35 m 6:22 en
■ Fulton,
7:30 am . ■ Windsor,* 10:25 a*
Healdsburg,
Lytton,
Geyservllle, .
3:30 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:36 pm 6:22 p<
j ~~~~ Pieta.
Hopland &
7:3O AM| 8:00 am Ukiah. 7:35 6:2Sf«
7:30 am ■ -• i . • 10:25 aiC
8:00 am OuernevUle. 7:36 pm
3:30 pm j 6:22 PIC
7:30 am 8:00 AK I Sonoma 10:40 am 8:40 ax
and
6:10 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. | 6:10 pm 6:22
7:30 am 1 8:00 am: bajltODO i 110:40 am 110 > AS!
3:3opm|s:oOpml [ 6:10 | 6:22pH
Mtact-s connect at Santa Rosa for Mart We«
Springs; at Geyserville for StcagJis Springs; M
Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Pieta for Highland
Springs, Kelsey ville. Soda Bay and l^akepor:; at
Hopland for Lakeport and Bartlott Springi:a6
Cklah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga Springs, Bluo
Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake, Upper Lake, t'omo, Potter
Valley. John Day's, Riverside, Llerley's, Buck-
cell's, sanhedrln Heights. Hallvillo. BooaerilH
Greenwood, Ore's Hot Springs. Mendoclno City,
Fort Bragg. Westport, Usal, wiu«e. Cahto, C*
velo, Laylonville, Harris, Scotia aDd Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at reduced
■■ On Sundays round-trip tickets to all points be-
yond San Rafael at halt' rat*»
Ticket Offices. 650 Market st., Chronicle holWlaf.
A. W. FOSTER, V 1 " B.XRYAS,
Vrea. anjj Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent.
Atlantic
Pacific
Trains leave and arri7a ■tfSh§£^s3p^^|
Aarkei-Streei Ferry.
SASTA FE EXPRESS.
To Chicago via A. £ r.fesj&S^O^^nJS
leaves da ly a; 6 : op. M..carrvtne J'ullMan Palac*
Drawing-room and Modern Upholstered Tourist
, Sleeping-cars, which run dally through to Chic.igt
, via Kansas City. Annex cars for Denver and Sb
1 Loula.
Boston Excursions, via Kansas City, Chicago
Montreal and the While Mountains leave ever/
' Treaday. . \ • ; •■,
! The best railway from California tc the i:asi
' New rails, new ties-, no dust: Interesting scenery,
: ana good meals in Harvey'« dining-room*.
San Francisco Ticket Office, 04 1 Marital
I St., Chronicle Kuilding. Tcl.-;'li<iu<- 31.». a
i lUil. .Oakland, Ilia Broadway.
KORTII PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD
iVia Sausalito Ferry).
| From San Francisco, Comraencins Sept. 13, 1831
; WEEKDAYS. /,-
For Mill Valley and Snn Kafa»l-»7:25. *3:i\
11:00 a. m.. -1:45. 3:43, •»:l».»i:4o,«:30 p.m.
' Extra trips for Sin Kafael on Mondays, Wednes-
t days and Saturdays a. 11 :30 p. K.
. SUNDAYS.
! For Mill Valley and s»n Pafael— :of>. •10:00
*Jl:3iJ >._«.: »l:80; 3:00, *4:30, 6:15 P. m.
I Trains marked • run to -..m Quentin.
. THROUGH TRAINS.
■ For Point Reyps and way stations— 7:25 a. m.
Weekdays, 8 :00 a. m. fcundays, 1:45 p. m. Satur-
days. • i ■■. '.'. ' ■
* or Cazsdero and wav stations— a. m. week-
days; 1:45 p. M. Saturdays.
TilSMilLPiis.
Trains connect with North P»olfiJ
Coast Railroad. -
WKKK DAY 6— Leare S. F. 0:1 *> a. M. I:4* P. *
Returning— Arrive is. If. 3:25 p M. 6:_'O P. M.
SUNDAYS— Leave S.F. Ba. M 11:30 a. m. USJ r.ti.
Beturnlns— Arrive S.K. 1 :1* p. m 4:20 p.m. 7:35 p.m.
Tickets for sale In Mill Valley or
THOs. COOK <fc tOSO, «21 Market it., B. If.
Mill Valley and Mount Vamaipali aowle Kei.nr>>,
THE SAS FEIIGISCO M) SAX JMQUII'
VALLEJT KAILWiy CtlfiU!.
FROM JANUARY 31, 1897. passenger trains
X wilt run dally: , .
southbound.  - ■ Stat o;n. ■ Korthbouad
7:2(» a. M. ...... Stockton ....6:10 P. m.
: 9:49 a. m .:. Merced.. 3:14 T m.
11:10 a m ..■..".. Fresno ...... 1:10 p. m.
I - For Intermediate stations see tlmft-table.
Connectini; steamboats of the C. N. A I. **
I leave Ban iliancisco and Stockton it 6 km. dail/.ESTATE FOUND IN
AN OLD TRUNK
Ths Public Administrator
to Unravel the Booth
Mystery.
<
Possessed of Great Wealth a
' Countess Received Aid From
the County.
Died in Poverty, Not Knowing of
Valuable Bods That Lay in
Her Truak
• Oakland Office San Francisco Call,)
90S Broadway, March 7. f
- The Public Administrator has applied
for letters on the estate of the late Mar
garet Booth, and will endeavor to un
ravel the mystery surrounding her pos
session of papers of great value found
after her death among her belonging.
It has ceen discovered that Mrs. Booth,
who was a Scotch Countess and a direct
descendant of Baron Ross, who was her
grandfather, was not aware that she pos
sessed a. single cent In her trunk were
found Government bond* and* stock re
ported to be worth about $50,000. This,
however, was not known until after the
Public Administrator had turned over the
supposedly valueless belongings of the
o d lady to her grandson, Joseph Booth of
Yallejo, who was thought to be the only
heir.
Now it appears that the old papers were
£iven Mis. Booth by her mother, and
that consequently the daughter of the
dead woman, Mrs. Dr. Fonday, would be
an heir as well as her other children.
Mrs. Fonday died some years ago in West
Oakland, but left several children, who are
us much entitled to a share of their grand
mother's property as the heir at Vallejo.
During her last illness Mrs. Booth was
attended be Dr. Coxheaa in her humble
quarters on Seventh street, and to the doc
tor she contided the wnole story of her
life. Most of it has already been pub
lished, but it is absolutely certain that the
old lady was totally unaware of the value
of the papers in her possession. For sev
eral months prior to her death she was in
receipt of a small monthly allowance
from the county and dependent upon the
chanty of a few wealthy ladies who as
sisted her through the medium of the
"Woman's Exchange.
The Masonic papers in her possession
date bact over a hundred years, and it is
more than poss.ble that the heirs of the
deceased countess may yet discover that
they have an interest in the caste and
estate of old Sir Montgomery Ross of
Scotland.
BALLOTS WILL END ALL.
Fates of Candidates and Saloons
Will Be Known Before
Midnight.
Many Pastors Make a Final Plea on
B.'ba f of S loon-Closing— The
Poling Places.
Oakland Office San* Francisco Call,)
906 Broadway, March 7. )"
The campaign is over and the final but
tonholing and combining closed to-night.
In nearly all the churches the pastors
made earnest exhortations to the congre
gations to do all in their power to lurther
the saloon-cloaing proposition.
At the First Free Baptist Church Rev.
Philip Graif spoke as follows:
History teaches with no uncertain
Eo\irrd that the saloon is one of the peril
ous edges down whose sharp steep descent
are ghastly, indescribable things of poverty
and disgrace, disease and Infamy. Perhaps
the gilded and frescoed drinking place
dues not look at first blush hideuus and
appalling, but a long keen glance behind
is merry screens and bright veneer re
veals a tropic spider which spread itsr-if
cut on its web like a flower ot gorgeous
earb luring the unweary by its famed
beauty and sweetness to pain and death.
Indeed, often worse than asp's sting or
hempen noose, or bullet in trie brain, is the
smoke of torment and the pangs of re
morse, the fret and the fever that come to
those who tread th 6 primrose path of
cailiance. Alas, it is only too well known
that to sow a saloon means a harvest of
feuds and drunken bouts, blasted names
ml broken home?, well- filled jails and
expensive gallows.
Try to invent as many euphuistic
i h rases as we will, the saloon is a potent,
baneful shadow on our civilization ; yea
it wastes like the moth and blights like
the mildew; it smites like thescytheand
gnaws like the undying worm. Talk
about the horrors and desolation of war
or the stalking of pestilence from house
to house in the still night. air! What n
tnat dread power which, though boldly
I seen, is yet cunningly concealed, and in
hut and palace ante is a menace to our
peace and virtue, and swings its ax and lifts
its iconoclastic hammer over the objects
that are most endeared to our affections,
bo that year in and year out it seem? as if
our land were draped in a black pail and
a plague or battle were evermore in
p-o?ress? Ah, gloss and whitewash and
extenuate as we may, the saloon in its best
aneet is more like a dynamite bomb
than anything ejse.
Surely ie noes without saying fhat if it
riere a school ot patriotism anil high
ideals every righ-minded citizen would
hail its open doors and bless its brewed or
disti'led .wares, but as a rule its life is the
deadliest poison— its breath of perfume
tills one with shivers of auony, its atmos
phere shrivels and withers everything
pood, true or beautiful, its kj 38 ro bs health
ol its vigor and youth of its comeliness,
its- whisper sounds like a hiss, ai.d its
steady influence means death and destruc
tion.
It is jnst as impossible to hatch a canary
from a scorpum'o egg or get a »peckled
trout Irom devilfish spawn as to evolve
noble manhood trom a Fagin's den or a
liquor dosrgery. Yes, it ia easier for a
skiff to outride the white billows of
Niagara's current and shoot down into
the boiling gulf of rock and foam unhurt
than it is for a boy or girl, man or woman,
to pass unscathed on the lurid and thun
derous stream of public drink.
It is too painfully apparent that the
saloon makes right living difficult, if not
absolutely impossible. As a city we want
to cultivate, not what stunts and paral
yzes, but what feeds, enriches and en
nobles the soul, and so long as the saloon
L rules our best civic life is handicapped
I and thwarted. Justaatue marble group
' o: Laocoon in the Vatican gallery at Rome
rppresents a father and his two sons in
the tightening folds of a huge serpent,
which with every movement makes the
anguish of the victims all the shamer
and iheir helpless writhings all the more
pathetic, so with every new strain of the
saloon power the agony of its sufferers
l.as grown intenser and its remorseless
coll and grip more close and terrible.
The hour of uttermost crisis has come,
and the decisive blow must be struck to
free the city Irom this old-tim- fire
dragon and scaly monser. By earne-t
united effort the thing can be done, for
granite walls and iron rods dissolve into
mist before the resolute will. As quickly
can the day be gained as were broken the
green wilnes with which the unshorn
Samson found himself bound. Certainly
just as that one unconquerable soul, David
Livingstone, changed the moral climate of
Africa so a determined group of high
minded citizens can materially transform
our filthy marsh into a wholesome park,
our slouchs of iniquity into schools of vir
tue, our ueserts of vice into oases of hap
piness, the tracks of sin and suffering into
sweet homes of joy and laughter. Who
will not gladly heip at the polling-booth as
well as at parlor meetings or the social
boa-d to turn our else Leautiful city into
something more of a real paradise and
something less of an unadulterated hell?
The polling-places for the election are
located as follows:
First Ward— First Precinct, 1774 Seventh
street; Second Precinct, 1«98 Seventh street ;
Third Precinct, 1510 Seventh street ; Fourth
I'reciat, 1109 Campbell street.
second Ward— First Preciuct, 2102 Peralta
street; Second Precinct, Dorthweat corner of
Thirty-fourth street and Telegraph avenue:
Third Precinct, 1229 San Pablo avenue ; Fourth
Precinct, 818 Telegraph avenue.
Third Wnrd— Firsi Precinct, northeas' corner
of Fourteenth and Adeline streets; Second
Precinct, southeast corner of Fifteenth and
Market streets; Third Precinct, 411 San Pablo
avenue.
Fourth Wara— First Precinct, I'JSO Seventh
street; Second Preduct, 97-1 Seventh street;
Third Freci ct, 852 Market street; Fourth
Precinct, (573 Seveiun street.
Fifth Ward— First Precinct, City Hall; Sec
ond Precinct, northwest corner ol Webster
aud Fourteenth streets; Third Precinct, Bcaell
bans' store. Eleventh and Frank.;in streets.
Sixth Ward— First Precinct, 508 Beventh
strce ; Second Product, 722 We biter street;
Third Precinct, 407 Eightn street; Fourth
Pre inct, I'umyea's stable, E;gh;h and Alice
streets.
Seventh Ward— First Precinct, 303 Kast
Tweif h street: Second Precinct, 583 Kast
Twelfth street: Tnird Precinct, VMS Thir
teenth avenue; Fourth Preciuct, 112^ Tweaty
third avenue.
A FATHER HUNTS TRAMPS
His Daughter Chased for a Mile
by Three Scoun
drels.
Miss Parish Fore d to Run Through
a Slouch to E-cap; a Band
of Ru fi ins-
Oakland Office Ran Francisco Call, )
9vß Broadway, March 7. j
Mr. Parish, one of the oldest ranchers
near Alvarado, is anxious to run across
three tramp 3 who intercepted his daugh
ter a few days ago while walking from the
ranch into lown. The farmer declares
that he will have use for his gun should
be meet these gentlemen.
List Thursday afternoon Miss Hattie
Parish, sister of the school teacher at
Centerville, was on her way to Aivarado
from her home. When about half way
between the two places, she was met by
three tramps. One of them at once ac
costed her and continued the conversation
fjr :i few minutes, trying to make it ap
| pear that he had met Miss Parish at a
mask ball recently given in Aivarado.
The other fellows kept on behind and
linaily the first one asked her if she were
going into town to mak purchases and
suggested that such a journey would
necess ta'e the u-e of money.
Miss Parish had several dollars in her
pur-e, and when her companion reached
this point In the conversation the other
two started to close in around her. Fright
ened to death, she jumped off the railroad
track on which :-he had been walking and
started back toward her home. The
tramps ran after her, but she was so
frightened that she succeeded in leaving
them behind until they came to a plowed
lieid in which was about two feet of mud.
Without hesitating a moment Miss Parish
started to cross the field, every step she
took landing her in mud up to her knees.
One of the tramps followed her half way
across, but tt.en gave up the chase.
The young lady arrived home a few min
utes later in a highly nervous condition
and has since been suffering from prostra
tion. Her father started out with his gun
and, procuring the aid of the constable,
we;itin search of the tramps. As that
part of the country is at present all under
water they could not travel very fast and
the band of villains have not yet been cap
turel.
Mis- Parish is very popular at Center
ville, and it will go hard with the men
who intercepted her should any of her
friends run across them.
A Good !»;«> for lioats.
ALAMEDA, Cal., March 7.— The Oak
land navy had a made-to-order day for its
monthly races on tue estuary this after
noon. It was a crisp, sunshiny day, with
a brisk wind bowing from the west to
start the racers skimming through the
water. The starting-gun from the Ala
meda Boat Clubhouse was fired at 2:28
and the start wa3 made at 2:33.
The following schedule will show the re
sult of the race:
Yacht.
Start.
3
_ —
o o
1
a
a
lass.
Surprise
Major
Alert
Annie
Brownie
Co-1a....*.
It.. It XV. . .
XV. . c. VV.
0..
R.
| 11. .
2:88:60
2:33:56
2:84:86
2:34:30
2:88
2:84:80
3:09:0
3:10:19
3:09:59
3:08:35
3:07:55
3:08:03
3:11
3:46:18
3:42:16
8:43:06
3:38:05
B:_9:V_
4:11:03
17:40
4:11:87
4:13:23
4:00:35
4:10:00
Th^ Major lost all her race and class
points because she did not finish as re
quired between the buoys. The Codia was
not. in the race, but sailed over the course
to have her time taken.
STRUCK THE DRAW.
The Olivebank Crushes Heavily Into
the Webster Bridge.
OAKLAND, Cal., March 7.— As the
large British ship Olivebank was passing
throuh Webster bridge this alternoon
she struck one side of the draw and did
considerable damage. Tne ship was in
charge of the tugs Reliance and Vigilant,
but tbe draw is so narrowed ana decayed
th~twith the stiff breeze that was blow
ing it was impossible to prevent a smash
up. The narrow gauge trains were ptopped
about an hour before the bridge could be
closed, and the accident furnished a strum;
argument for a speedy decision of the
bridge question.
Louchbridge to Go to Yountvlllo.
OAKLAND, Cal., Marcu 7. — Major
Woodward called at the Receiving Hos
pital to-night, and assured Comrade
Loughbridge that he would be taken to
tbe Yountville Home to-morrow. Lough
bridge is the veteran who was found
starving in a tankhouse near Lake Merritt
yesterday, and was taken to the hosp tal
oy Supervisor Churcn. He has a very in
teresting war record, which is borne out
by his papers.
TO CUKE A COLD IN ONE DAY.
Take laxative Bromo Quinine Tablets. All drug
gists refund the money uit ladla to cue, 25c
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, MARCH 8, 1897.
LIKE AS A FOX
VIEWS A HEDGEHOG
Candidates Gently Avoided
the Saloon- Closing
Issue.
Why Grand Jury Indictments
Are Regarded in the
Light of a Farce.
Professor Bur-rill's Attack on the
Grammar School System Still
Awaits Denia".
Oakland Office Ban Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway, March 7. )
A problem in politics is to be solved to
morrow. Oakland will learn whether an
open campaign or a silent one is most
effective. This will be determined by the
vote on the saloon question. The advo
cates of saloon-closing have made one of
the best organized and most open cam
paigns ever seen in this city. For two
E, F. EURRILL, Head of the Department of Ancient and Modern
Languages of the Oakland High School, "Who Published
Grave Charges Against the Grammar School System.
weeks, those having the work in char c
have not relaxed their efforts for a single
hour. Ladies have niado a house to house
canvass, pastors of all faiths have handled
the subject from ro-trum and pulpit, cir
culars prepared by Seventh Day Advent
ists have been mailed to every voter and
the local press has chronicled the progress
of the anti-saloon people with a surprising
fullness.
On the other side not a word has been
said, not a public action has been taken.
To all appearances the saloonkeepers
hnve not raised a finder to protect them
selves from being driven out of business.
Of course, such has not been the case.
Men with such a vast amount of capital
at stake as is represented by the saloons
of this ciiy have not quietly stood by and
allowed their opponents to do all the
fighting, Just what they have done will
be determined by to-morrow nig t.
An interesting feature of the saloon issue
is the fact that it has been very studiously
avoided by the candidates in their speeches.
It has been a forbidden topic too delicate
to handle. One candidate has been bold
enough to say that in this mntter he will
be guided by the will of the people, but
the rest nave discussed McKinley, the tar
iff, the Republic and its iour.dation and
the foreign situation, greatly preferring
these high-sounding and perfectly safe
topics to the material matters of what
they would do in certain local crisfS. The
politicians and candidates of Oakland
regard a fight against saloons in toe same
manner as a fox views a hedgehog.
Once again a Gran i Jury is in session,
and, as usual, all kinls of reports of its
doingi are be.nK made public To the
outside world sudi startling reports may
be interesting, but to residents of this
county the Grand Jury is regarded en
tirely in He lij,ht ot an expensive legal
hoax. For tive years past the Grand Jury
room hns b?en made a place where politi
cians, disgruntled from various causes,
sought to ventilate their grievances and
wreak their political vengeance. In many
instances this has resulted in the return
ing ol ponderous batches of indictments
against officials ior all kinds of maifeas
ance in office. Those indictments occupy
many panes of the criminal records of the
county, and that is their alpha and omega.
Judging Dy the result all were b^sed on
the same sort of loundation as the charge
of bribery now agitating the Legislature.
A few came to trial and were in every in
stance dismissed, and the balance have
been forgotten.
A few days ago the Grand Jury was in
advertently made the tool of a few politi
cians for the purpose of influencing me
present campaign. The scheme failed,
and that august body accepted the testi
mony that all it hnd heard was simply a
street corner jocular conversation. No
body fears the Grand Jury, and its indict
ments carry about as much weight as its
semi-annual recommendation that a new
city prison be built. Its "i-eerei" sessions
are a farce, because the proceedings are
published as soon as tuey transpire.
The money of the taxpayers is abso
lutely wasted, because the men who are
required to give their time to iis sessions
are not of the cla-s that work for %Z a day.
A Grand Jury report and a petition to the
Council from Ljwis the Light have exactly
tne same weigtit.
The letter published last week by Pro
fessor Burrill. bend of the language de
pariiuent of the High School, has caused
some deen thinking. Mr. Burrill makes
the sweeping assertion iliat the product
of the eraiiimar school is very unsatisfac
tory when it reaches the Ui^li School and
that this view is shared by nearly all cf
the faculty. As near y a week has gone
by since this statement was made public,
and it han not been contradicted by any
body, it is but reasonable to presume that
it has some foundation in fact.
At this particular time the signed
charges of inefficiency are j articularly
opportune and cannot fail to produce
pood, whether they are true or false. If
true the remedy can be applied in less
than a month af :er to-morrow's election ; if
ialse, the opportunity has arisen to refute
them raid to allay positively rumors that
have been in circulation for two years.
Mr. Burrill more than hints that the
School Department i« deeply in politics.
If this be true, it can be rectified to
morrow, when a new Board of Education
is to be elected which will elect a Superin
tendent of Schools to serve for the next
four years. If toe incumbent, Mr. Mc-
Clymonds, who has held ihe position for
eight years, has pursued his duties with
an eye single to the efficiency oi tne Dublic
schools and does not merit the severe
criticism of Professor Burrill, then he
should be vindicated by re-election. If,
whoever, the faculty of the High School
have not been misrepresented by one of
their number, it would appear that a
change would De beneficial.
In any event, the School Board to be
elected to-morrow has a mo3t important
duty to perlorm. The present system of
education is either ereatly at fault or it
has been gro3slv slandered, and on the
School Directors rests tne duty of satisfy
ing the public that their taxes are being
intelligently spent for the purpose of ob
taining the'best result?.
Stvart W. Booth.
Important Faculty Meeting
BERKELEY, Cal., March 7.— The
faculty of the State University will hold
an important meeting to-morrow after
noon at which matters concerning the
disposition of the increased revenue wil.
be considered. A report as to the imrae
diate neeos of the institution, together
with immediate recommendations for the
appointment of new instructors, will be
prepared to be submitted to the regents
at their monthly meeting which occurs
on Tuesday. One of the chief matters
which will be brought up is the recom
mendation for appointment of a new com
mandant of the university battalion.
A CLEAN PRIMARY.
Much Interest Manifested In the Good
Government Vote on Saturday.
ALAMEDA. Cal., March 7.— Tne count
of the vote cast yesterday at the primary
of ihe Good Government Club was not
completed until an early hour this morn
ing. The greatest interest was manifested
in this primary to nominate a third city
ticket at the coming election on the 12th
of April. The club has an enrolled mem
bership of about 1700 and 1024 of these
voted on Saturday, being about 175 less
than the number that voted two years
ago, when it was organized, and when
practically it was the only factor in the
election hela then. Saturday's election
was participated in by all alike, being
strictly ir n-partis 'ii. A few attempts
were made at "repeating," but the number
was exceedingly small, and the primary
will go on record as one of the fairest
ever held in Alameda.
The vote was as follows: City Trustees
(two to choose)— Thomas Wnite, 502; E.
J. Dodg-, 321; W. F. Hchulte, 501; J. G.
Brick, 576. School Trustees (two to
choose)— C: A. Brown, 553; E. H. Bryan,
345; W. K. Scott, 585; j. D. Jamison, 176;
R. J. Van Vorhies, 269. Treasurer— R. G.
Wheeler 600; Linwood Palmer, 426; City
Clerk— Ben if. Lam born, 896. Assessor—
E. Minor Smith, 90(3. City Attorney — E.
K. Taylor, 664; R. B. Tanran, 36>." Re
corder—A. P. St. Sure, SSO; Alexander
Innes. 413. Marshal— o. L. Rogers, 838.
Library Trustees (rive to choose)— J. L.
F.eld, 515; G. P. Ames, 871; Herman
Xoelken, 696; C. L. Wa11er, 799; JohnLut
s>en, 754; G. H. Mastick, 824. Schuho for
City Trustee, having received accord
ing to the count only one vote less
than White, demanded a recount, which
the executive committee will consider to
morrow evening.
GONE UP IN SMOKE.
The Big Hotel at Rodeo Burned to the
Ground— The Loh Will Reach
530.000.
OAKLAND, Cal., March 7.— The Union
Hotel at Rodeo, about three miles from
Pinole, was burned to the ground to
night. The hotel covered nearly half an
acre and was a 3-story building, built at a
cost of $30,000 about five years ago when
the great abattoir was built. It has not
been inhabited for some time and was
partially furnished. Although great ef
forts were made to save it the lire gained
complete control and could not be
checked. The cause of the fire is un
known.
The hotel was built during the boom at
Rodeo and was never opened. It was a
frame building, and when it once started
to burn it went rapidly. Every one in the
neigh Dorhood was out right ng the flames,
but the wind was too high and water too
scarce and the bui d ng had to io.
The average cost o' men-of-war in
Nelson's time was only £66.000 for a large
100-Kun ship. The Magnificent, one of the
latest and finest at present in the British
Navy, cost £900,000.
WAS HE NAPOLEON
BONAPARTE'S SON?
Stranga Life Story of an
Old Recluse of the
Hills.
Ciaimed the Emperor as His
Father and D.ed in Ab
ject Poverty.
His Neighbors Believ; He Had Docu
ments to Prove His Tale— la
a Pauper's Grav.\
Lowly lies the head that might have
worn a crown.
No titled courtiers waited rrith bated
breath to learn the condition of the royal
ill one; no masters of medicine battled
grimly with the dark shadow that
hovered, no nation put on its mourning
uarb when the call came; no one shouted,
"The king is dead, long live the king."
He died on a barren hilltop under the
splashing rain, with no one to catch his
dying words but the moaning wind and
his God. There were none to mourn, none
to weep, none to care.
A rough redwood Jbox in a pauper's
grave i« his last testing place, and yet
this man claimed tiie greatest monarch
that Europe ever knew as hia father, and
many there are wno believe his claim to
be just.
Thirty years ago there appeared at Ocean
View a little man whose accent proved
him to be of the land o! sunny France.
Despite his rough attire and applica
tions to the ranchers for menial labor, his
bearing And faultless language proclaimed
him to be an educated gentleman, and
helping iiands were outstretched to aid
him to make a living.
At first he haa little to say of his past,
but as his heart warmed to the children,
who seemed to fancy his company, he
told strange tales of his birth— that be was
the son of a King, though an outcastfrom
his people.
"Emperor Napoleon Bonaparte was my
father," he told little Valentine Wip
fler — now a man grown— "and I should be
living in luxury, perhaps on a throne, in
stead of leading the life of a common la
borer."
The children retailed the storie? to their
parent", but their elders only laughed
and said '"the old Frenchman was crazy."
As they gradnally came to know him,
however, and learn from his own lips the
tale of his sorrows many grew to believe
him and by common consent he became
known as "Napoleon." I'h-y pitied his
decay el gentility and his mournful eyes.
If he ever pave any other name his
friends have forgotten it and "Napoleon"
he lived and died. For years the old man
lived and toiled for the ranchers, always
pleasant, always courteous, always pains
taking. Then as his strength waned and
his eyos grew dim he was dependent on
hi:i neighbors for charity and came regu
larly for his y>rovi>ionß to those he knew
would gladly help him.
A charitable neighbor built him a shanty
below one of the great abandoned quarries
that disfigure the green hills south of
Ocean View, and there he dwelt alone for
a decade. A lew years ago he removed to
an abandoned dwelling above the quarry,
and a fiercely bearded German, also a re
cluse, joined him. Here he died one day
last week. He went out one evening and
did not come back and next day he was
found lying dead by a barbed-wire fence,
against which he had evidently fallen
while trying to return to liis companion.
Tne Coroner of San Mateo County was
notified and tae body was taken to Red
wood City and consigned to a pauper's
grave.
Fred Cuche, a French Swiss, who is en
gaged in the training of hunting dogs and
who lives just below the yawning quarry,
knew "Napoleon" well and believes that
he was the son of Napoloon Bonaparte.
"Some people say the o^d man was in
sane," he said yesterday, "but I know he
was not, for I observed him closely for
years, and he never gave one sign of being
out of his mind.
"Even in his declining years he gave
every evidence of gentle breeding and al
ways showed a fine spirit. His face bore
a most remarkable resemblance to the
portraits of Napoleon, and many times he
has told me of ihe manner m wh eh he
was separated from his mother and royal
father.
"He stated that the woman who bore
him was one of the many on whom Napo
k>on cast his smiles, and that he remained
with her until he was two years old.
"He wa* born in 1810, when his royal
father v.as in the zenith of liis glory, when
he had humbled Austria, taken her terri
tory, outwitted "Weilesley, and by the
treaty of Schonbrunn had brought Europe
to his feet.
"Two years later, when clouds were
gathering over the Emperor's head, his
mother and himself were hurriedly sent to
America, amply provided with funds for
their support. Through all of his varying
fortunes and even during his exile at Elba
Napoleon did not forget his old love and
her child, and the boy's education was
begun by the best tutors procurable.
"Then, when the father fe 1 at Waterloo
and was sent into his final exile, the re
mittances ceased and his mother was
thrown on her own resources. She man
aged with what sne bad saved to give him
a good education, and on her deathbed
placed in his hands documents that proved
his birth.
"These papers the old man had up to a
few years ago, for I saw them more than
once, though I could not get a glimpse of
the inside, merely having his word for
what they contained.
"Somehow he could never make a living
except as a laborer. He fai;ed as a teacher
and as a clerk owin to his high spirit,
soon losing a, position after he gained it,
and he finally adopted the life of a work
liijrmaD."
Valentine Wipfler remembered the same
story as related by "Napoleon, 1 ' and once
-tailed to write the old man's history at
li.s dictation, but the tasE was interrupted
and never finished. The portion written
has been lost.
DOCTORS TO BANQUET.
Invitations laauert for a Gathering at
the Metropole.
OAKLAND, Gal., March 7.— lnvitations
have been issued to ail the prominent
medical men of AJameda County to be
present at a banquet to be given on
next Tuesday evening (9th of this month)
at the Hotel Metropole. Dr. Buteau is the
president of the committee, Dr. Edwin J.
Boves chairman, with doctors Mouser and
Rucker. The other interesting features of
the occasion will be a legal oration by W.
W. Footn. a talk on European travels by
Dr. E. J. Boyes, vocal selections to be ren
dered by Harry Melvin and Alex Ros
borough, and instrumental selections by
an Italian orchestra.
The invitations sent out have been
lareely accepted and the affair promises
to be one of the largest of its kind ever
held in Oakland and the banquet a most
royal one.
Ig Not Interested.
OAKLAND, Cal., March 7.— During the
past few weeks on several occasions the
name of Dr. J. L. Hatch Das been unpleas
antly mentioned in connection with the
Countess i'ouisou auvl the Baionesi flaro*
Auction Sales
S. P. MIDDLETOX & CO.,
Real Estate and General Auctioneer.
11 Montgomery st., Llct nous; Block.
SANITARIUM BATHS AT AUCTION.
WEDNESDAY.
Wednesday March 10, 1897.
At 12 o'clock Noon, on the premlsos.
Sontheast Cor. Powell and B;iy Streets,
The Buii- .ing Known as tne
SANITARIUM BATHS,
Together with a.l Its
FIXTURES, TUBS, PIPES aad MACHINERY-
If purchaser desires, a long lease will be given
of the land.
BGf Terms Cash.
teau. These references have done the
doctor an injustice. He says that he had
nothing to do with the affairs of Countess
Poulson, all his dealir.es being with the
count. Regarding Mr?. Baroteau Dr.
Hatch says he has also been misrepre
sented.
F. A. LEACH FOR THE MINT
H3 Receives the Indorsement
of the California Dele
gation.
The Editor Says H Is Surprised a:
the N ws. but Wi 1 Accept the
0 fice if Offered.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway, MarcU 7. )
Frank A. Leach, proprietor of the Oak
land Enquirer, received a dispßtch to
night stating that he is to be the next
Superintendent of the United States Mint
at San Francisco.
The dispatch read?:
Hon. Frank A. L>-ach, Oakland, Cat.: The en
tire delegation agreed upon you lor Superin
tendent ot the United States Mint Accept
congratulations. oi Hamilton and myself.
Frank McLalghlin.
A few minutes after receiving the above
dispatch Mr. Leach received the follow
ing:
Hon. Frank A. Leach: You will be tendered
the superiuiendency of the Mint. I earnestly
entreat that you accept the position.
8. G. Hilborn.
Mr. Leach said to-night that the news
was a great surprise to him. He has not
been a candidate for that position or any
other. A few days ago he received a con
fidential dispatch from a prominent Re
publican at Wasniugton advising him that
the delegation would tender him the
place and urgently urging him to accede
to the wishes of the delegation. Some of
the newspapers of the interior part of the
btate bavins incluied Mr. Leach's name
in the list of those who migtu be chosen
for the Mint, he wrote Mr. Hilborn a few
weeks ago to pay no attention to any re
ports he might hear or rend; that he was
not a candidate for the Mint or any po
sition, consequently he is unable to ac
count for the action of the delegation.
Mr. Leach has always been a warm sup
porter of the Republican party, and his
newspaper has made a very active cam
paign on behalf of Senator Perkins and
Congressman Hilborn. He has been in
journalism for many years, and came to
Oakland about twelve years ago iroin
Vallejo. He is a native of flew York
State and is 50 years of age.
"I knew nothing of this thing until a
few days ago," said Mr. Leach to-night.
"I was then informed that my name was
being presented, and to-night the dis
patches told me of the result of the efforts
of my friends. I have already received
many congratulations, and one of the
heartiest was from George Morrow, who
wa« making an open fight for the place. I
have received several congratulatory tele
grams from several places, and 1 feel par
ticularly gratified at the manner in which
the choice was made and tendered. If the
President offers me the position I shall
certainly accept. "
AT THE THEATERS.
A Number of Attractions Are Offered
to Those Who Wish to Visit the
Playhouses To-Night.
James A. Herne commences the third week
of "Short; Acres" at the Baldwin Theater this
evening. The plot of this play has many
pathetic incidents which appeal to all classes,
and it is that which nas a great deal to do
with the popularity it has attained.
Joseph Haworth is to appear at the Colum
bia Theater this evening in the title role of
"Kuy Bias," one that has been made famous
by Fechter and Salvini. Miss Margaret
Craven, after an absence from thesiagj for
some time, will appear in this play.
"The Black Detective" Is the title of the
melodrama that is to be offered at the Grand
Opera-house this evening. It is a story of a
crime that is ferreted QUt by a faitnful colored
man wno plays the part of a detective and
brings the guilty to justice.
"Jim tne Penman," that interesting play
written by Sir Charles Young, is to be pro
duced at the Alcazar Theater this evening,
wi'.h George O-b >urne in the character of Ral
stou, Adele BeUarde as Mrs. Ralston and
Hugo Toland as Il.ir ifieid.
At the Tivoli Opera-house "Pinafore" is to
be revived. It was with this opera that the
Tivoli was opened in 1879 and at that time it
proved a cr<_ut success. The management
nopes that as offered this time it will prove as
attractive as it did then.
The management of the Orpheum Music
Hall promises a grand programme for this
evening and the management never disap
points its patrons. A number of new faces
and new specialties are to be offered. The
Jordan family, consisting of five aerialists,
heads the list.
The California Theater will not open this
evening, but will on Wednesday night, when
the French opera troupe will make its appear
ance, presenting the well known and at ways
admired opera of "II Trovatore. " The com
pany comes here with a first-class reputation.
There is to be a fine bill at the Chutes this
evening, providing, of course, the weather is
such that outdoor attractions can be pre
sented. One of the latest attractive features
ts the animatoscope, with views in colors,
which add much to the life-like appearance 01
the pictures.
To-night the Bush-street Theater will re
open with a company that will present the
"Arabian Nights." The leading lady will be
Miss Essie Tittel, who will make her first ap
pearance on the stage since her marriage,
gome time ago.
TUG OF WAR.
Some Exoitlng Polls to Be Decided To-
Morrow Night.
To-morrow evening the finals in tbe
great tug-of-war tournament will occur.
The struggle for t c first three prizes
will be decided, and the tbree teams to
compete are the Americans, Canadians
and the Swedes.
Tbe three teams have each won six
pulls end a great deal of interest is being
manifested, as (he teams have a great fol
lowing.
The French ant the Italian teams tied
for ninth prize and tney must pull before
tbe reieree can declare the winner.
In addition there will be a chaMenre
The Perfume of Violets I
The purity of the lily, the glow of the rose, l
and the flush of Hebe combine in Pozsoni'sl
wondrous Powder. J
- L H. BIRD, AUCTIONEER.
Office 211 Larkin Street
WILL SKLL....
MONDAY MarcU 8,
....11 A.M....
THE ELEGANT FURNITURE OF
Private Residence la. 708 Golden Gate Aye
CONSISTING OF
Elegant Upright Piano, Odd Pieces Parlor Fur.
niture, Klegant to dm*. beds. Body Brussels
throughout the house, Portieres and Lace Cur-
tains, hlegam China, Fine l>iniug-room Fur-
uiture, Kange, etc.
* ' ■ " • ' L. H. BURP. Auctioneer.
BASCH AUCTION COMPAS! Inc..
319-331 SUTTKII STREET,
Bet. Grant Aye. and stock (>n St. Tele. Grant 87.
I WILL SJ-JLL rtllS DAY,
MONDAY, Mar h 8. 1897. at 10:30 a it, at above
-ale-room, a Fine Line of llousehc d Furniture,
Carpets Stoves, Uaoges, Crockery, Glassware,
A state and Tinware;
>otk.— These goods were remove I from several
priVHt*- faocses tor convenience of sale. Dealer*
and buyers in general are invited to attend as the
goods must be sold. S. B,\ <H. uctinneer.
pull between Norway and Italy for $100.
The money i« in the hands of the referee.
The Letting will be very heavy on this
event.
The unemployed are taking a great deal
of interest in the tournament ami have
all ngreed 'o call nt the ottice of Mr. Mr-
Neill to assist in distributing ciiculiirs and
other matter. They will receive one of
the largest sums ever given forariy benefit.
THE HANDBALL COURTS,
X. F. Bonnet and i.d Maloiuy Defeat
J. C. Nenlon and B.
Linehan.
Every seat in the San Francisco Hand
ball Court was filled yesierday. The
games played were, as a rule, close and
exciting and aroused the utmost enthu
siasm.
Tho principal event was a game in which
J. C. Nealon and R. Linehan, the over
hand swiper, played against T. F. Bonnet
and Ed Maloney. Nealon and Linenan
defeated Bonnet and M. J. Kilgallon the
previous Sunday, and it was expected that
they would again prove victorious, but
that expectation was not realized. Bon
net and Maloney won the hnal after some
brilliant rallies by two aces.
Another exciting game was played be
tween M. McNeil and Paul Sterner and
George McDonald and L. Creighton. Mc-
Neil and .S'.e.ner were i c favorites, and
they won by three games to one with com
parative ease.
The Union Court, owing to tQe recent
wet weather, was not in condition for
playing, and no games were scheduled.
following were t c played in the
San Francisco Court :
M. McNeil and Paul Steiner defeated O. Mc-
Donald and L. Creightoti, 11— 21, 21— 0, 21—
9, 21—6. D. Regan and J. llnuan deieateii M.
Kiiby and M. Btsch, 21—11, 6—21, 21—14. J.
Kodgers and Harry RacotiUlai defeat-d M. Mc-
Neil and G. Mci-'ouaid, 21—9. 17—21, 21—12.
If. Mclaughlin and J. Moflett de.eaie'l R.
Adams and J. McLaughhn. 21—13, 15—21,
21—10. M. McClure and K. Barry defeated W.
S ansbury and M. McLaughlln, 21—13, B—2l,
21—10. J. White and J. Collins defeated R.
Murphy and E. Foy, 21—11, 18—21, 21—6. P.
Kelt! and J. Kearney deieateu P. Hutcninson
and J. Leonard, 21—15, 9—21, 21-14. T. F.
Bonnett and Ed Maloney iief<>Ried J. C. Neal-u
and R. Linehan, 21—16, 21-10, 13—21, 8-21.
21—19.
TEIED TO CHOKE HER.
A Burglar In a L,odging-Ho*se on
O'Farrell Street Surprised While
Picking a Lock.
A bnrglar eot into the lodging-house,
235 O'Farrell street, Saturday night and
made his way to the second floor where
he attempted to open the door of one of
the rooms with a pcklock.
A young woman who occupies the ad
joining room heara the noise made by the
picklock and quietly opened her door.
She saw the burglar at work and asked
him what be was doinir. With an oath
he growled out, "Wfiat'a that to you," and
springing at her grasped her by the throat
with both hands. She screame.l and
dashing her from him he ran downstairs
and made his escape.
The police were notified and they be
lieve he is tue same man that broke into
one of the rooms on the same floor about
three weeks ago and stole a lot of cloth
ing. He is described as about 25 years of
age, 5 feet 7 inches tall and with a smooth
face. He is fair complexioned and looks
and speaks like a Geiraan.
ASA HSK AT BEST.
Funeral Services Held, at His L>at«
Residence.
The impressive funeral services were
held over the remains of Asa Fi3k at his
late jesidence, 700 Hayes street, yesterday
afternoon by the Key. Emil Berger.
Surrounding the bier were many of the
friends of the deceased who came to pay
their last tribute of respect to Im memory
and to the surviving members of his
family.
The Rev. Mr. Berger, after the religious
portion of the service had been performed,
SDoke of his acquaintance of the deceased
ps a constant attendant at the Westmin
ster Presbyterian Church on Fell street
prior to bis (Mr. Berger's) removal to an
Eastern charge.
He found the deceased to be a man
whose word was his bond, and in this
quality he expected those with whom he
had dealings to live up to the same stand
ard. Though having the reputation of
driving hard bargains, yet he was charit
able and possessed some excellent traits of
character.
His remains were interred in the Ma
sonic Cemetery. It is said that by his
will, what was left of bis estate, which
will amount to about $100,000, has been
divided between his three children, and
that he conveyed the greater portion of
his real estate outside of this City and
Alameda County to his wife some time
previous to his death.
DEAOON HAS RETURNED.
He Contented to Coiue Back at Ilia
Kmployer'i* Request.
George McGregor Deacon, late cashier
for tbe \V. R. Larzelerc Company, re
turned to this City last evening from Van
couver, B. C, in company with a spec al
de'ectiYe. Deacon left ihis City several
weeks ago and in a manner that caused
his employers to make ii.quiries as to the
cashier's whereabouts. At last one of the
searchers found Deacon in Vancouver.
He stated that there was no rea-on for
any one taking so much trouble to find
him, as, he said, his accounts were all
right. However, upon learning that his
employers were desirous of bavins: him
return he consented, and reached this City
last evening on ihe Oregon express.
Kllll i'HVliriTI 1 Uf'pillllltloilß.
The Young People's Society for Christian
Endeavor of Plymouth Congregational Chu.ch
has prepared the following testimonial to
their pastor, Rev. W. D Williams:
Whkbeas, Our pastor, Rev. W. D. Williams,
D.D.. Das resigned and closes his labors with oar
church tw it
Resolved, Tha' we. the Y. R 8. C. K. of Plrno
otuh congregational I'liur h of "an Fran
cisco. C'al., desire to bear testimony to
his ever willing and v itirlng cooper
ailon In all thai ( oncernfd the p-ou e.<9 and pros
perity of our society: and. In anticipation, w ng
sure the young people in his new neld of labor
t.iat they will find In him a frlenri and pastor sym
pathetic with all their hes' ime'eva.
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
625KEABNTNT. Established
■*1 ("^^^ in IH!<4 for the treatment of Private
B-Lfc. JKt Disear>f«, Lost Manhood. Debility or
■Wmb| disease wearing on body and mind and
i^H ■ Bkin Diseases. The doctorcures when
others fall. Try him. Charges low.
Nm ■<'i>rp>cii*ianlir(l. Callorwrita.
Dr. *. V, o IUBOS. Bos 1t57. ti*n i'raaclao*
910
REAL ESTATE
MARKET REVIEW
All Surroundings and Indi
cations Favor Approach
ing Activity.
Some Important Transactions in
Realty Consummated Dur
ing the Week.
Many Large Acreage Tracts Have Been
SubJivided Recently Through*
cut the State.
The new administration, the certainty of an
extra session of Congress within a fortnight
and the promise of a new tariff at an early
day, which shall provide adequate revenue
and protection, have iloue much to stimulate
a better feeling in trade circles and increase
confidence in tne near approach of an improve
ment in business
The wet weather which prevailed during the
past week was uot favorable for the transac
tion of business in any line, especially in that
of real estate. But rain is a good thing for all
State aud local interests, and helps to
strengthen confidence in realty as well as In
everything else. Sunshine has now returned,
and "existing conditions are such as to cause
operators and dealers in property matters to
feel notably cheerful in regard to the future,
activity being generally expected in season
able time.
The real-estate Horizon is bright. Sunshine
is seen in every direction, causing cheeriul
ness among holders of property and giving
hope not only that better times are at hand
generally but also that a season of marked
activity in realty transactions is approaching.
Ail nirroundings and indications favor such
impressions. At the same time there is no
boom feeling apparent. In fact, there seems
to be a unanimous opinion that any attempt
at inflation of values would be wrong as well
as a failur;, because there is nothing 'o justify
such movement. Of course, during the past
two or three years there have been some
bargain sale.*, owing to unsettled conditions,
and buyers of such properties will be the
richer as mutters become more settled and
business moves along in more normal fashion.
The majority of the prominent real estate
brokers in the City have expressed themselves
as not favoring the remedy proposed by the
Board ot Trade to do away with the fraudulent
immigration schemes which have done so
much damage to the name 01 California. The
brokers claim that the appointment of a com
mission to pass upon colonizing projects and
list them according to their merits would be a
diflicult matter.
Their objections to this proposed commission
are numerous and convincing. They say such
a body would add to the patronage and might
become, through its direct bearing upon the
■welfare of great lanaed interests, a re'adv in
strument in unscrupulous hands of levying
campaign blackmail. They also assert that
such a commission might be induced to recom
mend projects thut ought to have no standing.
"Give a body of practical politicians on one
side empowered to kill a business or make it
boom," said a representative realty broker,
"and a rich corporation on the other, the
saiety of whose investments would depend on
such a boom, and what might not come to
pass?"
There are men in California who live on
what they can make from greenhorns and
this, of course, is to be regretted. Bad as the
disease if, however, the remedy suggested by
the Board of Trade seems to be worse.
During the past week some important trans- |
actions have been effected in local realty. One
of these was the sale of the fifty-vara lot on
the southeast corner of Sacramento and Hyde
streets on which are eight two-story dwellings
and a cottage. John Hinkle was the seller,
but the purchaser's naino has not yet been
made known. T.ie price paid, however, as re
ported by Baldwin & Uowell, the agents, is
$50,000.
Another important transfer was the sale 01
80 feet, lot on the north line of Sutler street,
120 feet east of Van Ness avenue, running:
through to Fern avenue, for $30,000. Dr. Mc-
Nutt is the purchaser and Colonel Crocker the
seller. Shainwaid <£ Buckbee, ihe agents in
the transaction, report that the doctor in
tends to move his California-street house to
bis new purchase and to make several im
provements in addition that will add greatly
to the appearance of the place.
REVIEW OF THE RECORDS.
There were 142 deeds recorded during the
past week.
The mortgages for the same time numbered
seventy-nine, and were for a total of $421,325.
Amo g them were the following:
By the Security Bank to G. B. Holmberg,
S?4000, for two years, at 7 per cent per annum,
ou property r>n the southeast line of Howard
street, 253 feet southwest of Fifth, 22x80; by
A. R. and F. A. Baldwin to Harriet Bradford,
$3375, for five years at 7 per cent, on property
on north line of Union street, 104 :0 feet west
of Scott, 45x137:6; by the German Bank to
Jacob Schleicher, $11,000, for one year at 7
per cent, on property on the north line of
O'Farrell street. 100:6 west of Franklin, west
33:3 by north 120; by the City Savings Bank
of Santa Cruz to Aiice L. Eastland, $20,000, at
7 percent, on property on the southeast corner
of Jackson find Jones, south 275, east 128:9,
north 137:6, east 8:9, north 137:0, west
137:6; by the Union Trust Company to
Timothy Hopkins, $250,000, for three years at
CM per cent, on property on the east corner of '
Market and Tenth, northeast 330 by southeast !
160; by Jennie A. Brickell to Daniel T. Cal
laghan, $12,500, lor one year at 8 per cent, on
an undivided interest in tno following prop
erty: On the northwest corner of Golden Gate
and Devisadero, north 50 by west 125; on the
northeast lino of Fourth, 35 feet southeast of
Bryant, southeast 125 by northeast 8!); in a
triangular lot near Woodward's Gardens,
bounded by Mission and West Mission streets;
on the west line of Dupont, 126:3 north ot
Clay, south 27:6 by west 52:3; on the west
line of Dupont, 151 south of Washing
ton. west 55 by south 6 Inches; on the
vest line of Dupont, 57 north of Clay, north
40 by west 65, and on lots 14 and 15, block
188, South San Francisco Homestead and
Railroad Association; by the Enterprise Mu
tual Building and Loan Association to Mary
L. Sch i am $8000, payable In Installments at
7perc;nt, on property on the south line of
O'Farrell, 175 E of Lnguna, cast 25 by south
120; by the Hibernia Bank to J. H. and Mary
J. Hatch. $7500. for one year atOJ-j' per cent,
on property in Western Addition b.ock 94, on
the north line of Broadway, 47:6 E of Frank
lin, east 59:11 by north 137:6; by the same to
Hepburn Wllkins $9000, for one year atti^
per cent, on properly on the northwest line bi
Folsom street. 85 southwest of Seventh,
southwest 80 by northwest 80; by the
HiberniA Bank to James K. and Isabella
Frnzer, $6000 for one year at 6% per cent on
• property on the south line of Frederick street,
82:6 west of Stp.nvan, west 25 feet by south
100, and on the west lino of Shraner,'3s feet
south of Waller, south 65 feet by west 106:3;
by the same to George E. and < harles E. Ehr
mann, $8000 for one year at6J^ per cent on
property on the east corner oi Mission and
Fourth streets, northeast 55 feet by southeast
100 feet; by James L. Critienden to Elizabeth
W. Sackman, $7718 for thirty days at 7 per
cent on property on the northwest corner of
Taylor and Butter streets, west 137:6 by north
137:6; by tne Hibernia Bank to E. 11. Jr. nna
W. C. Hammer, William H. and Mary A. Dick.
$6000 for one year at &/ 2 per cent on proper tv
on the northwest line of Tehama street, 355
feet southwest of Fourth, southwest 45 feet by
northwest 70 feet, and on the northeast line
of Buena Vista avenue, 207:8% southeast of
■Waller ; street, northeast 130:4%. southeast
26:1, west 116:7%. northwest 30:5%; by the
London and bun Francisco i;ank to
John Abrams, $7691 to January 15, 1898,
at 9 per cent on property on the
southeast line of Mission street, 75 feet south
•west of First, southeast 80 feet by soutnwost
96:3, and on the south line of Fifteenth, 125
feet west of Sharon, west 25 feet by south 100
leet, on the south line of Fifteenth, 150 feet
•west of Sharon, west 25 feet by south 100 feet;
by the same to John and Elizabeth Kieinhans,
$6450 for one day at 8 per cent per annum on
property on the southeast corner of Kearny
and Lombard streets, south 75 feet by. east
137 on the south line of Beach, 137:6 west
of Hyde, west 68:9 by south 137:6. on the
north line of Duncan. 190 west of Sanch- z,
west 25 feet by north 114 feet, and in outside
lands block 775, on the northeast corner oi
Eighth avenue and L street, no ih 181:2, east
155 feet, south 180 feet, west 146 feet.
The releases were eighty-seven in number,
and aggregated $358,132. The following were
among the princtDal ones: From the Hibernia
Bank to Richard F. Fletcher, $7500 on prop
erty on the south line of Thirteenth street, 80
feet east of Valencia, 40x160; by Nathan
Joseph to Ly Quong, $3800 on property on the
north line of Washington street, 60 feet east
of Stockton, 72:9x115; from the German Bank
to Henrietta I. Selby, $32,000 on property on
the northwest line of Market street, 141:7
southwest of Franklin, southwest 25:10 :
■west 1:7»£, north 120, east 21:9, souui
104:10%; irom the Enterprise Building ana
Loan Association to Jacob Spiro, $7200 on
property on the east line of Lett Rtreet, 75 feet
north of Fell, north 25 by east 81:3; f om the
same toJMery L. Schlam, $11,000 ou property
on the »' utu line of O'Furrell street. 175 feet
easi of I.4g!ina, east 25 by south 120; irom
William C. Spencer, trustee, to Joseph G. and
Alice L. Htsiiiui'i. $30,000 on property on the
south corner of Market anil Enst streets,
southeast 137:6 by southwest 45:10; from the
German Bunk to (ieorge Bcbaier, $14,000 on
property ou the west line of Foisom Street, 30
leet south of Erie, south 40. southwest 127:0,
northwest 40:8& nortneast 130:5?^; from the
National Home and Loan Association to L. A.
and Ko»e Levy, $100,000 on prop?nyon the
northeast corner of Myrtle and Van N ss ave
nue, north 71 :3 by east 109, and on the south
line of G«ary street, 100 feet eHstof Van Ness
avenue, east 40:0 by south 120; from the same
to I'aul Friedman. $10000 on property ou the
northeast corner oi I'nion and Octnvia streets,
east 100:6 by nonh 110; from Andrew B. Mc-
Creery to Caroline 11. R bin son, $8000 on
property on the southwest line of Ninth
strebt, 100 feet northwest of Foisom
stre-jt, northwest 73 by southwest 100;
Irom the Hibernia Bunk to J./hn and Eliza
beth Kleinhans, $7300 on property on the
north Hue of Fe 1 s reet, 82:6 east of Webtter,
east 55 by north 120; irom the Mutual Bank
to George D. and Kobert V. Lucy, $8000 on
property on the southeast line ot Market
street, 75 feet southwest of Bradv, southwest
25 by southeast 124 ; from the German Bank
to Theodore Liebermaun, $7000 on property
on the south line of Washington street. 101 :1
east of Stockton, south 00:6 by east 20:5; irom
the French Bank to I'eter H. and Sarah K.
Campbell, $9000 on property on the north line
ot Pacific ItrMt, 148:1 west of Baker, west 100
by north 132:4, and in 50-vara block 241, on
tne nurth Hue of Jackson street, 115 f«et east
of I.eavenwortb, east 22:6 by north 92:6.
PROHPEROVS AND I'KOGRF.SSIVE WINTERS.
Reference has been made in these columns
frequently of late to the encouraging fact that
tlu? settlor in California has no difficulty now
in securing choice land iv small tracts. It is
only a few years since one of thechief ob
stacles to immigration to this State was the
difficulty of procuring small farms of desirable
land in good localities. All is changed now.
Bone of the largest tracts have been divided
tip and colonized; others are now being sold
off.
Notable among the largo holdings which
have been placed on the market in small
tracts during the last year or two Is the
Wolfskill grant near the town of Winters.
During the past three years, or since the prop
erty was put on the market, 5085 acres of the
grant h .vo been sold, umou::une in all to
$515,300.
The McMahan subdivision of the Wolfskill
grant, ■which comprises some of the finest
farming land in the State, is probably the
most thickly settled of ail the grants, with a
lot of thrifty and industrious farmers, many
of whom have added greatly to their posses
sions with costly Improvement!. «
The sale of this proierty has probably
proven the mont successful of any large hold
ing that has been subdivided and placed on
the market during the past year or two.
The great drawback to some sections of the
Slate has been the inability to obtain good
land at anything like a reasonable price.
The Sacramento Valley, in the territory sur
rounding Winters, bursts upon the vision of
the weary traveler, alter crossing tne arid
plains of Southern Caiiiornia, as a land of
wonder and beauty, and the problem presents
itself, why is nature so partial in the distribu
tion of her gilts? Not many towns in this or
any other State can truthfully claim tne
natural advantages that Winters and its en
virons can. More so, perhaps, than many other
places in the Sacramento Valley, Winters en
joys a climate as serene as a dream of luxury;
serene in that it is robbed of all severity—
balmy, bright and tranquil as a summer's sea.
The domain of winter is met on the moun
tain slopes, where its ad van cc is stayed by the
greetings of perpetual summer. Above the
hoary garmeiiis of the frost king shroud the
monarchs and carpet, with its icy breath, peak
and plateau, cove and canyon. But beneath
lies the pretty town of Winters in the smiling
valley of tho Sacramento, carpeted with em
erald and bespangled w.th flowerc Here
wherever the eye is directed a new charm ap
pears, anew delight is present, and the soft
a.r, iaden with fragrant odors, with a mere
suggestion of the sea, is as a balm to the lungs.
'i nere is no more beautilul landscape in all
the country than this garden spot, wncre the
eye reaches out over thousands of broad acres
oi luxuriant orchards and vineyards, and the
orange with its load of golden fruit, the olive
with its silvery sheen, the magnolia with its
waxen leaves, tne cypress with its burden of
verdure, the stately paw, the occasional sturdy
onk, the intervals oi waving grain, each a de
light in itself, and all adding their shades of
color under a cloudless sky, save perchance a
few white fleeces stealing away to hide i;i soma
nook In the mountains that rise majes'.ically
in their garb of many shndes of green, con
tributing greater charms and magnificent |
relief to tho landscaje.
While the general contour presented by the |
va'lcy is that of a level plain, it is in lact a I
series of gentle undulations, with marked
variations in the quality of the soil.
Of the varied productions of the portion of
the valley in question it is diflicult to speak in
terms which shall not savor of exaggeration.
The question is no longer what can, but what
cannot, be successfully grown here.
The essential peculiarities of the climate
consist in the uniformity of temperature and
humidity and the distribution of rain. The
temperature varies but little, winter or sum
mer. In no winter Is the aver ge temperature
below 40 degrees, nor does it rise in summer
above 60. The effect oi the first rains is magi
cal.
The dust is washed from the foliage and is
laid in the roads and fields. The air has a
ireah sparkle and liie. The skies are a deeper !
azure, and the soft, green hills seem nearer j
and fairer than before. It is the Indian sum- |
mer of the East, but instead of the soft lassi
tude of the dying year it comes with all the
freshness and v.gor of the new-born spring.
It is at ti.is season that the grass springs up
on every hand, and the self-sown grain in all
the fields. The hills change to a brighter
green. Wild flowers appear in every sheltered
nook. Hyacinths and crocuses bloom in the
gardens, and the perfume of the violet is
everywhere in the air.
It Is not difficult to estimate the value of
fertilizing rains aud the wonderful forces of
nature that gently distill the w ater from the
salt ocean, carrying it in marvelous ethereal
vauurs and distribute it so gently that not
even the most delicate petal is disarranged.
All the little plants hold up their tiny mouths
and receive their fill. The great oaks, mon
archs of the hills for a thousand years, are ell
supplied. A thousand springs and streams
are »et to running and become the source of
life and beauty.
Not all the earth is so blessed as this section
of California is. There are vast acres where
no rain falls, or in such scanty measure and
at such long intervals as to be practically use
less. Once in years of time a few clouds wan
dering over a strange land drop a gentle
shower, as if weei icg over the desola
tion, or as if incensed with the circumstances
that interfere with the gentle rains, assemble
like a vast army and pour out their treasure
in such a flood that ail the labor of years is
swept away.
In latter years it has become quite fashion
able to descant about the advantages of ajdry
country with irrigating canals. Too many,
however, underrating the advantages of
timely rains, make their home in a cactus
desert.
Summarizing, It may be said that in any
part of the year days too hot or too cold for
the comfort of those engaged in ordinary vo- I
cations are unknown in the Winters district.
The fears and forebodings with which tne sea- |
■ona are elsewhere greeted are here unheard I
of. Coming with no rigor, the/ bring no ter
rors, and are alike welcomed by all, not as a
relief, but as a change.
In these conditions health and personal com
fort are largely subserved, and also in them
the horticultural pos^bilities, of which we are
to-day upon the threshold, arc assured; and
these, me elements of present and of pros
pective prosperity, are as constant as tlia
ocean currents la which they have their
origin and as p?rmanent as the mountain
ranges wnich bound the field of their exhibi
tion.
The estimation of the people of Winters re- j
zarding the climate ot their section of the
State has been ihe theme of much facetious
comment. In view of the fact that elsewhere
those who are able to spend half tiie year on
the St. Lawrence, or on the coast of Maine, to
escape the heat of summer, and the other half
in Cuba, Florida or on the shores of the j
Mediterranean, to avoid the rigors of winter; I
that, in fact, most of their lives are mlgra- j
tions in search of climate the residents of this I
State may accept with equanimity the badin !
age of these birds of passage, aud may well I
felicitate themselves upon those conditions
that bring to their very door the summer of
the Thousand Isles and the winter of the An
tilles.
NEWS ITEMS.
The cut and grading of Roservoir hill, on
Ridley street.-between Church and Market,
is neantig completion, and within a month
the grading and macadamizing will be fin
ished. Ihe rtsidents of Buena Vista Valley
will have an outlet to Market street when the
work is completed.
The residents and property-owners In the
vicinity of Grove and Scott streets are anxious
to have Grove street, irom Steiner to Scott,
opened. The thoroughfare is at present
blocked at Steiner street by Alamo square. If
opened, the advocates of the improvement
say, It will be usqd as a driveway from Market
street to the park.
A new improvement club, to be known as
the Park-lane and Seventeenth-street Im
provement Club, was organized during the
week, tho following beinn cthosen «s officers:
J. W. Mayder, president; F. o'Mara, first vice
president; A. Standberg, second vice-presi
dent; A. Balzerini, third vice-piesident;
James Whitaker, secretary and treasurer;
executive committee— Robert Kirk, J. W.
Lytgens, A. Balzerini, K. A. Daniel and J. H.
Lytgtns. The club's first endeavor will be to
have Seventeenth street opened from Uranus
to the paffk.
i lie unused liorsecar tracks ou I won ty-;iuru
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, MARCH 8, 189 T.
street from Foisom street to Potrero avenue
are from two to six inches above the roadway
and make the street dangerous for traffic and
pedestrians, and the rain has turned the
macadam on the street into red mud and
SiUsh. The property-owners have petitioned
the railroad company to remove their unused
tracks that they may repave the street, but
the company has refused thus far to do so.
The northern and western suburbs of the
City are at present in course of evolution. The
Fair i-xteiision on the north side of the City is
being pushed aluiid and when completed will
add at least 100 acres to the habitable part
of San Francisco. Work on the old Bay Dis
trict racetrack on D street, beyond the Odd
Fellows' Cemetery, is progressing, and before
much longer will no doubt be covered with
homes.
The experience of the property-owners in
the San Miguel Rancho in fighting the HOe
heirs in their recent claim to a large portion
of the territory promoted them to introduce
the bill in the Legislature compelling any
person who brings a suit to quiet title to give
a bond for costs and for the passage of which
they are fighting hard that it may become s
law. The Noo heirs sought to dispossess over
6.i00 people of their homes after being in
possession for many years. Tho property
owners have decided to prevent the bringing
of such suits in future if possible.
The members of the L.-gislature outside of
San Francisco, it is said, ooject to the bill on
the ground that it would make it very incon
venient and expensive to those who desire to
bring bona-fide suits to remove clouds from
titles or tiually settle estates, which is often
done by action to quiet title.
Considerab'e damage has been occasioned
by the recent storm to the streets that have
been graded and macadamized in the neigh
borhood of Ninth avenue and J street. Ap
peals have been mnde by the property-owners
to the Supervisors praying for relief, which oc
casioned a visit by Mayor Phelan to the dis
trict during the past week. Sewers are needed
in many places, but owing to the uncertain
status of the recent survey of the district no
sewer has been constructed.
City officials that paid a visit to the district
were eager to save the streets accepted by the
City, but were confronted with the fact that a
s»wer must be built to accomplish their design.
At the next meeting of the Street Committee
of the Board of Supervisors the schema for a
sewer system in the district will be discussed.
The realty belonging to the estate of the late
Mrs. Julia Morrison is to be sold at auction on
Wednesday next at the salesroom of Bovee,
Toy & Sonntag. The principal pieces to be
disposed of are the premises at 632 and 634
Sacramento street, 44 :4?2 by 119.0, and rent
ing for $210 a month, and the lot and im
provements, renting at $100 a month, at 910
Valencia strecet. In audition there are lots
on Lombard, Fillmore, Greenwich, Chestnut
and Laguna streets and an interest in the
Rickett claim.
Charles J. Campbell will sell at auction on
the 29th instant a line of miscellaneous par
cels of City realty.
A list of residence property will be offered
at auction by Easton, Kldridge &. Co. on Tuttt
dav next. It includes French flats at 1435,
1437, 1439 and 1441 McAllister street; two
cottages at 2217 and 2221 Jackson street; fluts
at the southwest comer of Sacramento and
Walnut streets; flats at 414 and 446 Seventh
street; a two-story residence at 1020 Castro
street; a lot on the northeast corner of Army
and Noe streets; * large lot on the north line
of Twenty-second street, 152:9 east of Sanchez;
two lots on the west line oi L.iguna street, 30
and 90 feet north of Lombard; two lots ou
Fifteenth street, near Market; a lot on Twenty
fourth street, near Foisom, and lots at Ash
bury Heights and Ocean View.
George A. Raymond, who has been well
known in the "business community of San
Francisco for many years, has lormed a con
nection with Shainwald, Buckbee & Co. as
manager of their country land department,
W. G.Griffith has given up his position with
the firm.
Near the town of Famosa, in Kern County,
several owners of large tracts of land adjoin
ing er.ch other have united in a corporation
and adopted a rather novel plan for the im
provement and sa c of their property.
The prime otject of this association is for
the purpose of uniting their interests in one
large body and cultivating as a wnole the land
in question, subdividing it into small tracts
ana then selling it ott' in subdivisions of a few
acres each. While of unu ual advantage to
all of tne individual investors, it is probably
more so to the grocers in the offer made for
the handling aud preserving of fruit.
While the land is soM outright the purchaser
has the privilege of having it taken care oi
nnd the fruit harvested and preserved by the
association, of which body he becomes a mem
ber upon tho purchase of his tract. In this
way for the retailer, the expense of the
grower, the canner and the wholesaler will,
when figured out, show a Dig saving over the
usual costs of canned goods.
The uniqueness of the plan of operation of
this association is that all fruit grown on the
tract by the different owners is preserved be
fore shipment by canning and drying pro
cesses. An experienced fruit canner and or
chardist lirs been placed in charge of the
preservatory and orchards nowp anted, about
500 acres. By this method the owners secure
the combined growers' and canners' profits
for their own bent fit. and non-resident own
ers have the same advantages of cheapened
cost of production as though the land were
under their own supervision.
Sol Getz <fc Bro. report the recent sale of the
following property: Lot 58x120 feet, south
west corner M street and Nimh avenue, for
$650. lot 25x120 feet, east line Tenth avenue,
250 feet south of X street, for $600; lot 25x
100 feet, north line California street, 82:6 leet
west of Twenty-third avenue, for $600; lot 20
xl2o feet and improvements, west line Nine
teenth avenue, 198 feet north of Caiiiornia
street, for $850; lot 26x120 feet, west line
Nineteenth iiv-nue, 172 feet north of Califor
nia street, for $600; lot 25x120 feet, west line
F.levonth avenue. 250 feet south ot I street, for
$800; lot 25x100 feet, south line X street,
82:6 icet west of Ninth avenue, tor $600; lot
25x120 feet, west line Filth aveuue, 175 feet
north of Clement stre«t, for $300.
Piercing the ile?h with even the finest
needle hurts, because the nerves are so
thickly matted just under the skin that
not even iho finest point can be introduced
without wounding one or more.
SAN FRANCISCO "CALL."
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco Caix~
TlO Market street, open until 12 o'clock every
night In the year.
BRANCH. OFFICES-827 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
SS9 Hayes street, open until 9:3o o'clock.
616 Larkln street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
6W. corner BixteenUi and Mission street* open
until 9 o'clock.
£618 Mission straet, open until 9 o'clock.
107 Ninth street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
1805 Polk street: open un-tl 9:30.
NOTICE OF MEETINGS.
ffr^jS 5 " OCCIDENTAL LODGE NO. 22, m
Jy^ F. and ,\. M.— Called meeting THIS A
(MONDAY) EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. "W V
Second degree. By order of the W. M. /V\
EDW. P. DELGER, Secretary.
ff^S" SAN FRANCISCO CHAPTER M
K~-bt No. 1, Koyal Arch Masons, meets JS\
Tills EVENING. M. M. degree. "^\^?
H. G. PKINCh, secretary /^\
»^ss=» KING SOLOMON'S LODGE NO. m
•t^ s^ 200. F. and A. M., corner Geary and A
I s tel nersts.— Called meeting Til Is (.Mos-IJT V
| DAY) EVENING, at 7:30 o'rloclc. First/VN
degree. By order of the master.
HARRY BAKHR, Secretary.
R^jS= ANNUAL MKETINQ — TnK^L*
*-*' regular annual meeting of the stock- <^f ■
bolder* Hi the A. O. F. Hull Association of jf-\
San Francisco will be held in Excelsior Cj
Hall. A. O. F. building, 102 O'Farrell st., San
Fmncisco. Cal , on SATURDAY, the 13. h day of
March, 1897. at 7:30 p. m.
JOHN HENDERSON, President.
J. Falcon Kit, Secretary
SPECIAL NOTICES.
|T^= BAD TENANTS EJECTED. $3: COL-
i*-^ lections, city or country; rates reasonable.
Co U'nbian Law A Col. Acency. W. L. HARPER.
Manager, filth floor, 101 Sansomest. Tel. M 519.
mr~£= BAD TENANTS EJECTED FOR «4:
I*-*' collections made: city or country. PoclUc
j Collection Co., 415 Montity at., room 6; tel. 6580.
K3f DR. BAZK.T REMOVED FROM PHE-
■*-*' lan building to 908 <;eary at.: f-1. East 357.
SITUATIONS WANTED— FEMALE.
pOMPETENT SECOND GIRL,WIin KEF-
\J erence, desires & situation. J. F. CROSETT
<t CO., 316 Suiter st.
ISAT YOUNG GIRL DESIRES SITUATION
XT at housework or as nurße; $10 to »15. MISS
CULLEN. 323 .-sutler st.
GIRLS OF ALL NATIONALITIES WANTED
to fill various positions, from $15 to $25. Em-
ployment Office. SO6 Mason st.
p KRMAN EMPLOYMENT OFFICE, 3 :6 MA-
VJ son st., telephone Main 5382. furnishes reli-
able help of all nationalities.
\\f OMAN WITH a CHILDREN WANT 1 A
" place as brusekeeper in city; object good
home; small wages; no trlflcrs. Call or address
332 Rttch m. -
MIDDLE-AGED GERMAN LADY. , WITH
Kood references would like to go to Europe as
sicknnrse, companion or take care of children
Call or address 1445 Polk st. •-.' •
WOMAN WANTS TO DO COOKING AND
T? housework where *he can ' sleep at home, or
will go out by the day. 'Apply 21 Mierwood place,'
down sulrs. ',' , .
p ERMAN WOMAN, GOOD COOK AND
\X carver, wishes steady situation In tirst-clas)
luncbhooae. . 90 Shipley st., cor. Fourth. .- ■ .
CITPATIONS WAXTKl>— <'ontlnn<>i.
SITUATION WANTED BY ELDERLY LADY
as <hambermaid in hotel or lodcins - house.
143 1 bird st., room 21.
\ r OUN<; GERMAN GIRL WISHES SITUA-
■ tion to do general housework. IUOH Ellis st.
rnwo ladies from thk country wish
JL sewint and mending. 139 Fourth s;.,r. i and 8.
<. all after la.
VIH'NH WIDOW WANTS POSITION AS
X working housekeeper; will take chaige ol
campcooking: will cook tor clubmen. L, bux 10,
Cail Ollice.
OITUATJON WANTED BY YOUNG LADY
O to do ll?hr office wor< or attend store; good
r> commendations. 332 Harriett st.
/'KHMAX WnMAN WIsHES WASHING,
VJ iruniug and housec:eanini: by the day. Apply
2 Welch st , between Third and Fourth.
WOMAN WISHES 1O DO GENERAL
housbwork and cooking: also plain washing;
wages $10. 9*-i Washington St., near Powell.
OWEDIs.II WOMAN DESIRES ANY KIND
0 of housework, washing or ironing by the nay.
Call 3 days, 340 Third st.
SC A NDINAVIAN CURL DKSIRES A PLACE
to do general housework or tookiug: American
tamily ; city or Oakland. 751 Howard St.
SWISS WOMAN WANTS PLACE AS COOK
in country boarding-house. Address 369 Jessie.
1 i ERMANGIUL WANTS PLACE FOR I^IGHT
vJ housework aud tend baby. 303 Laug.on, cor.
Brj'ant. No postals answered.
KRM.aN WOMAN WANTS WORK KY
the day; Is experienced laundress and house-
cleimer. oO^ Post st.
VEAT GERMAN GIKL WHO IS AN KX-
IN perienced cook wishes situatiou. Please cail
at 2iS Weilersi.
/AOM PATENT COOK WbHUJ SIIUATION
\J In nicß family. Call or aadress 920 o'Farreil.
IRL STUDENT WOULD I. IKK WORK DUR-
lng forenooni; cleuning huuse, ollice or halls
preferred. Address A. G., box 136, Call Office.
COMPETENT COOK, SPEAKING OEHMAN
/ and English; good musician; will Mtlu light
housework and aiie to luke charge oi children.
Cull or address Al. S. E., 136 -ixlh St.
/IOMPETENT WOMAN TO DO GENERAL
Ks housework: good cook and laundress; a years'
reference; city or country. 3377 Twenty-sixth,
near Mission.
"yODNU (iIKL WISHKS SITUATION TO DO
• light housework or take care of children. Ad-
dress E. X., box 76, Call Office.
AMERICAN CURL WANTS'SItU ATlO.s AS
pantry-^irl; Hi. en-rtom, second work, waiting,
etc., or assist: will sleep home If desired. Address
A. A., bux 140, Call.
KICFINKD WIDOW DKSIRES POSITION AS
housekeeper for a widower. 1926 Market st.,
room 32.
OSITION WANTED IN AMERICAN KAMI-
Iy as governess by a highly refined and well-
educated yuung Norwegian lady: is a splendid
plamsie and has taught music for several yearn;
ha.s also been governess in .Norway fora lon,' time:
will :io: look so much on salary as on a good placo;
best class of references given. G.. box 148, Call.
1» R ESSMA X X R (FRENCH) WOULD UK X
XJ to .!.»!;■■ a few engagements by the day. 917
I. ark in st.
KKLIAKLE CANADIAN WOMAN WOULD
like position n- cook in private family or gen-
eral housework; give good refeience Audresi C,
box 46, Call.
/ ' HIM AN WOMAN, GOOD WORKER,
V I wants work by the day, washing or house-
cleaijin;. L'^u Shipley st., near Hfth and Folsom.
AGOING WOMAN OF GOOD FAMILY DE-
J sires nliuation as uiefa! companion to laoy
wiih children; country preferred. Aadress R..
box 6, Call Uffice, Oakland.
"[."•XPERIENCKD LAUNDRESS WISHES
Xli washing to ttke home. 1517 Ellis St.
I ADY PIANIST WISHES POSITION. CALL
Ii or address 119 F.fth si., first Hoor, room 8.
pOMPJKTKNT, TRUSTWORTHY WOMAN
V wislios to do washing and >ronln?, cookin,-, or
housecleantng by ihe day ; best references. MRS.
M. CURTIs, 'twenty- ix h su, near Mis. lon.
VOUXO AND ATTRACTIVE LADY DE-
X sires a position as typewriter; good disposition.
I'JOJ/2 C.eary st. , room 2, first floor.
Uf aNTKD-SITUATION BY YOUNG LADY
to take care of an otd lady or child: gooii ref-
erences: good .salary required. girls for gen- I
eral housewurk; wages $10 to $25. Mrs. SP.cN-
CKR, 1321 Park st,, Aiameda.
E ASTERN LADY OF EXPKRIKN* E WANTS
a permanent position us housekeeper In lodg-
ing-house or widowei's home, l-.oom 3, 995 Mar-
ket st.
pKFINI'.D AMERICAN LADY WISHKS A
It position as day nurse; understands the care of
sick people; must be at home in the evening. Ad-
dress MRS. L., box 1. Call.
SWEDISH (iIHL WISHES GENERAL
housework ; is a good coox ; city or country.
Address S. H., box 16 Cal!.
i OOD AMERICAN GIRL WISHKS A SITUA-
* J tlou for llsht houaework in small family. i 22
Grove ft., lower floor, near Van Ness.
yt)l" N G KAST X R N WIDOW OF RE KINK-
X mint and culture desires a i o*l lon as roanac-
irn; housekeeper In widower's or t achelor's bouse.
Kuom -', 12S I'ost st.: call afier 12.
1 [EXPERIENCED HOUSEKKFPKR (WIDOW)
J wants w< rk in widower's or bachelor's house-
hold, with children : country preferred. Ha Ninth
St.. room 17; hours 11 a. m. to 9 P. M.
RKFINh.I) WIDOW FROM NEW YOl'.K DK-
sires position as typewriter. Call 157 Seventh
»t., room 10, second tioor.
1 POSITION WANTED BY YOUNG WIDOW
as working housekeeper. Cail or address 112
Taylor st.. room 14.
"I If AN TED - BY A SCOTCH PROTESTANT
TT girl, cooking and hojseworK In American
family: can givo reference, tail 720 Kills st.
SW COR. SIXTEENTH ST., NEAR Mis-
sion; branch oOice of Tui Calx. bub-
birlptlons and want ads Uken.
SUBSCRIPTIONS ASD WANT ADS FOR THE
Call taken a: branch office, 339 Hayes at.;
open uutu 9:3J o'clock.
Want ads and subscriptions for
TT Ihk (all arc taken ai Branch office, toiuu-
west corner r-ixteentn and Mission s.s.
mLAKKIN-BRANCH OFFICE OF THE
CALL: subscriptions an : want ml < taken.
\YriNCHESTER HOUSE. 44 THIRD ST.. NH.
TT Market: 200 rooms '.-60 10 $1 60 per nUht;
f 1 50 to $ti per week; convenient and respectable;
Iree bus and ha to and irom ite lerry.
SITUATIONS WANTED MALE.
HUNTER * CO.. CHINESE AND JAPANESE
employment office, removed to 614V3 Califor-
nia St., neur Kfarny. 'lei. main 231.
CIHINKSK AND JAPaNESK EMPLOYMENT
V office: best help. 41U/2 O'Farrell. Tel. E. 426.
JAPANKSK I.sTi^LLIGKNCK AGENCY. R.
90. St. Ann's bl'g, 6 Eddy st.: tel .Vain 5234.
CtIIINKSK A JA PA.NI-SK; KsT'D 20 YKArtS;
/'help;tel.maln 1997. BRADLEY A C).. 640 Clay
SAM KEK-CHINESK AND JAPENKSK EM-
ployment ollice. 511 Vi Bush St., nr. Grant aye.
MIDDLK-AGKI) AND INTELLIGENT DANK
wishes a situation about | rivate place in city
or Oakland : can take cure of horses, piirden, cows;
best of reference and experience; willing to work
fo: small unt'.-s and gocd home. Address A. C,
box 45, Call offlcj.
BY QUIET. MIDDLE-AGED GERMAN;
knows mi hm s about horses, but is lianiiy
about the house; wlndow-clea iln?, milking, etc.:
can use cnipenter's tools; wages $12. Addrets
W , 67 a Mission st . room 61.
■yOTJKG 2CAK.S& DESIRES POSITION WIIH
X private fumlly; understands the care of homes:
can milk and do plain giudenins. and furnish
good references. D., box 160, Call OUica.
Ty ANTED— BY A MIDDLE-AGKD AMERI-
TT can, wuh references, p ace about pnv ite
pluce; liorsr, cow an 1 garden: handy with tools;
moderate wases. Address Karnest, 224 Seventh.
yoi'NO MAN DESIRF.S SITUATION IN
X wholesale liquor store; tbree years' experience;
good reference. Address WM. FUSSiiLL, 44
1 hlrd st.
(^ TK A DV, RELIABLE SCANDINAVIAN
k^ wants work of any kind; can drive and care
for hors'-s. R. P., box 70, Call ufflce.
FAPER-HANGKR AND PAINTER DES[ RES
situation: wages $2 per day. 223 steventon.
ABLE GENTLEMAN (F GOOD MORAL
life and kind manners, 3j years old, speaking
several languages, desires a position in the city 111
a nice family as instructor or com[>anion: salary
secondary ibject; highest references. Please ad-
aress R J. G., box 156, this office.
JAPANESE WANTS STEADY SITUATION
O in small family, either waiter or plain cook
wiih housework; has Lood references. Address
GEORGE, box 136, tbls Office.
"\7"OUN'O MAN. WELL RECOMMENDED,
i- wishes situation as waiter In first-cl»«s place.
A. LOUI^, Cosmopolitan Hote,, Fifth and Mis-
sion sts.
MIDDLK-AOED MAN \VANT-< POSITION ON
ranch: understands carpenter work, painting,
blackumiihlng or wa?on work can milk; tend
horses; home most object. 10b3 Mission St., r. 18.
WINCHKSTEK HOUSK, 44 Til IRD ST., NH.
Market: '.'(to rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night:
$1 60 10 $6 per week: convenient and respectable;
tree bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
"D RANCH OFFICE OF THE CALL, 167 NINTH
XJ at.- Want ads and subscriptions Uken.
SITUATIONS WANTET>-C?ont!nn#«rt.
MAN AND WIFE WANT STEADY PLACES:
city or country; man understands horses
thoroughly and general work about pace; wile
first-class cook. A. S., box 144. L'ali Ufflce.
QITUATION ON RANCH BY MAN AND
0 wife: man understands ram h, orchard and
vineyard work; go~d ifcamster; can run engine;
woman good cook: no children. Address R. P.,
box 70, Call Office.
TV" ANTED — POSiTION AS CLEHK IN X
TT grocery-store by German boy 17 years old;
small wages and board and lodging. 727 Davii St.,
saloon.
j MARKET ST.-BRANCH OFFICE OF THE
1 Call: want ad> and subscriptions taKen.
BOOKKEEPER AND ACCOUNTANT OFEN-
larged experience in commercial and financial
line* de^i.es situation; lirst-class references. Fi-
delity, box 82, Call.
fiOACHMA.V; fIY YOUNG MAN (23): CAN
\J milk and do plain <-ardeninß; gcod references.
A. 8., box 109. Ca 1 Office.
,■^97 MONTGOMERY, COK.NER OF CfcAY—
O+*% upen nntl: 9:30 o clock; branch office of
tbe Call; subscriptions and want ads. taken.
DQQ HAVES ST.— BRANCH OFFICK OF
• >»)•.' liv call: aubscriptioni and want ads
taken.
FEMALE HELP WANTED.
WAITRESS AND PARLOR-MAID, $25: 3
German, Scandinavian and Frenih second
girls. $20 and $'J5: Eug ish, (scotch or north of
Ireland nurse, $'J5; 3 cooks n (ierraan and Ameri-
can famlll s, $J5: cook, private boarding-house,
$30, and a large number of girls for cooking and
housework. J. F. CROSETI' A Co., 316 Sutter.
COOK, $35; SECOND GIRL, $25; NURSE,
$25: 10 housework kltls, city and country, *20
and $J5: 8 young girls to assist, $10 to $15. MISS
CULLEN, 223 sutter st.
HOUSEWORK GIKL, SAN RAFAEL, «25.
MlfcSCUi LEN, 3.3 Sutter St.
VKAT WORKING HOUSEKEEPER, $12.
IN MISS CULLEN, 323 siutterst.
Iri-h catholic maid and seamstress,
willing to travel, $jO. MISS CULLEN, 323
butter su
I\T EAT IRISH HOUSEWORK GIRL, $30. MISS
I^l CULLEN, 3iJ3 sutter sL
VRKNCH SECOND GIRL, $25. MISS CUL-
J LE.\, 323 »utterst.
WANTED— WAITRKSS. SMALL BOARD-
ing-house, $15; French girl for Alam»d^,
$20; San Rafael, $16; Ui riiiau cook, $35; second
eirl, $15: American cook, $25, and a great num-
ber of girls for housework and assist. LEON
ANDRE, removed to 308 Stoccion st.
C) (OiiKM'KIVATK FAMILY, CITY. $25, $30;
*- housework, near city, $2i: Kin for housework,
near city, $15: nurse girl, hotel city, 912: girl for
country, see party hero at 10 a m. Monday. $20:
B girls for housework, $15 to $'J5. C. R. HANsEN
&. CO., 110 Geary st.
pERMAN OR SCANDINAVIAN COOK,
VJ plain boarding house, near city, $25: waitress
first-class <ountry hutel, $20; young German or
Scandinavian clr , light housework, country town,
$15, see party here. MURRAY & READY, Lead-
ing Empoynu-nt Agents, 634-636 Clay su
THREE GERMAN COOKS. $25 AND $30:
two nurse g.rls. $12 and $16; French upstairs
girl. $20; ten girls for housework, MUS. HIRD,
721 Ellis.
piRL, BERKELEY, CAU, $20l GIRL.
vJ Broadway. $20; girl. Contra Costa, $tiO; girl.
O'Farrell st.. $20; French nurseglrl, $20: French
housegirl, $J5: family cook. $30: girt, Howard Rt.,
$20; girl, Val ejo St., $-0; gin. Pine st, $16: girl,
<*reen st.. Jl5: girl, Geary st., $lf>; gin, OHklaiid.
Cal., »15: girl, I.ivermoie, $15; nur egirl, $15;
girl, Folsom st , $16; girl. Contra Costa, $16: 12
younc; girls, $S, $10 »nd $12 per month, assist,
etc.: nice families. MARTIN'S. 749 Market sU
WOMAN < OOK, $30: DISHWASHER, $3 ftO
TT a week; 3 wai rrsies, $5 a week; waitrea<. $4
a week; chamiermHid, $4 a week aud room;
{ chambermaid and waw some, $M and room:
waltresi, act as stewardess $'20 and mom: head
waitress, J525 and room; waitress, c nntry. $25:
waitress, city, $20 and room. MARTIN'S, 749
Market st.
J WAITRESSES; 6 HOURS' WORK: NO SUN-
T day wor» ; $20; see party 3r. if. MARTIN'S,
749 Market at.
JADIES AND GENTLEMKN WISHING TO
i sins in the Grand Chorus March 17th, evenine
of st Patrick's Day, at Mechanics' Pavilion,
please call or address J. W. McKENZIE, Musical
Director, 524 Eddy sL
I \\T AN TED-GIRL TO ASSIST IN GENERAL
TT houseworic; references required. Call 10 to 12
A. M., 1 .<> J Hayes St., rie.tr Devlsadero.
GERMAN GIRL WANTED FOR GENERAL
housework. Call from 9a. it. to 12 ii 1504
Ellis at.
\\r A NTED-APPRENTICK GIRL FOR TAIL-
TT or.ng. Apply 724 Howard st.
yoUSO GIKL FOR GENERAL HOUSE-
X work and cooking. 1805 Lagunast.
\\T ANTED— GIRL FOR GENERAL HOUSE-
"» work. 1206 Eddy st.
pIRL TO DO LIGHT HOUSEWORK. 717
VI Hyde su, lir-it floor.
p OOD CIiOCOLATK-DIPPKR; STEADY JOB;
VJT good w:.ges. BCHAIFER'S, 2J Sixth st.
LADY PAf.TNER WANTED; SMALL CAPI-
mI. handle an oftice. h\, box 170, CalL
SF. DRKSS-CUTTINO SCHO L-FRENCH
. tailoring taught; $1 week. 916 Market, r. 54.
"lIT ANTED — PUPILS FOR MILLINERY
»T school: course practical; classes now forming
for spring work; satisfaction guaranteed: evaniug
classes- 22V 3 Geary si., or 410 Leavenworth.
\4/ ANTED— A CURL TO ASSIST IN GKN-
»T eral housework. Apply 1811 Broderbk st.
SHIRTFINISHER AT F. U. LAWTON <fe CO.,
2.9 Kearny st.
WANTED-APPHKNTICE ON FINE COATS;
experienced preferred 216 Kearny, room 1.
1 MARKET ST.— BRANCH OFFICK OF J Hi£
I Call: want ads and subscriptions taken.
pERMAN OR SCOTCH GIRL FOR HOUSE-
VJ work; attend children. 325J Twenty-fifth st.
LL FEMALE COMPLAINTS AND DlS-
easps of the eye permanently cured at MRS.
DR. SCOTT'S, 410 Gtary su : consultation free.
WANTED-IO YOUNG LADIES TO LKARN
TT barber trade; shop to open May 1. Partlcu-
lnrs call laBl^ Eighth sC. 8. F. Barber College.
IEARN DRKSSCUTTINO AND MILLINJiRY;
■i $1 per week; unlimited lessons: pattern? I
25c. McDowell Dressmaking School, 103 Post st.
/>1 r LARKJN — BRANCH OFFICE OF THK
OJ-i) Call: subscriptions and wan: ad*, taken.
MOST CONVENIENT AND RESPECTABLE;
Winchester Hous a , 44 Third st., near Market:
•Ml rooms; 25c to $1 bo per night; $1 50 to $3
per week: free 'bus aud baggage to and from ferry.
VLVSX'S DRESSMAKING AND CUTTINU
X Academy. 14 McAllister St.: $1 • week.
M.VIK HELP WANTED.
TVTANTED-EXPERIENCEDFORKMAN FOR
TT box fac;ory : men to cut brush and clear land;
butler. $40, and others. Apply to J. F. CROSETT
& CO., 6iB Sacramento si.
ERRAND-BUY. J. F. CROSETT <fc CO., 316
Sutler st.
ANTEP-PARTY WITH SMALL CAPITAL
to joiu owner in shipping 3000 cords wood to
this city and Sacramento. Apply to J. F. CRo-
SKTT <fe CO., 628 Sacramento at.
WANTED— YOUNG MAN FOR SMAIL MILK
farm near city; $15 amonth, board and room;
good home. W. D. EWER * CO., 626 Clay st.
WANTKD-TAILOH FOR INSTITUTION
TT near city, s3s amonth, board, room and wash-
ing; buggy washer, In country, $30 and tound; 2
milkers, $20 and found; quartz, miner, $2 a day;
strong hoy for fac;ory. $3 a week: also farmers,
teams. •ri, cooks, waiters, dishwashers, eta W, D.
EWER & CO., 626 Clay »U
PARMKR AND WIFE, SEE PARTY HERE;
J/ cbeesemaker for a creamery, country, c. R.
HANSEN A CO., 110 Ge.-.ry St.
;: waiters with dress suits, hotel,
O north, $30: waiter who speaks Spanish, hotel,
city, $35; laundryman and wife to take c.iarge of
a country laundry; laundry man, near city. C. B.
HANSEN & CO., 110 Geary st.
JAPANESE COOK FOR RANCH; $20. C. R.
HANSEN & CO.. 110 Geary st.
Of| WOODCHOPPERS, $1 PKR CORD, 4-FT.
•lU wood; quarry man, $1 75 day; 6 farmers, Si 5
and 920; farmer ;nd wife, $30; choroboy for
ranch: 3 rubben on race stock. MIRK a V &
READY, Leading Employment Agents, 634 and
630 Clay st.
T AUNDRYMAN, $30, FOUND: 3 COOK s *; 3
Xj waiters: 2 dishwashers, and other places.
MURRAY * RKAOY. Leading Employment
Agents, 634 and 636 Clay st.
\VTAXTb-J)-A. STABLEMAN WHO THOR-
TT oughlv understands driving and the care of
harness. PETER'S stable. 1314 Grove st.
ARBER WANTED AT 1211 MARKET
street.
VirANTED-BARBER. 1806 MISSION ST.
>H WASHER WANTED AT 432 FIFTH
stieet.
ANTED— SHOKMAKER; GOOD SOBER
man on repairing. 562 Mission st.
WANTED— BOY TO LEARN BARBER
trade. 227^2 Second st.
OOD BOOTBLACK WANTED. 1427 OC-
tavia at.
HKI>T» WAJVTKn-Cotitlnn..*. • •
COOK. $30 AND ROOM; DISHWASHER, $7
\J a ween: waiter, $20 and room; dishwasher,
94 a week; bellboy. $7 a month and room: hotel
por er and runner: night cook, 30 an room; I
night cook. $7 a ween: pantryman, $7 a week. I
MARTIN'S, 749 Market st.
APANESE BELLBOY: JAPANESE COOK, i
O $30 and room. MAtiTIN'S, 749 Market m.
AN FOR FRUIT RANCH. $12. MARTIN'S.
'*:> Market st.
HEAD COOK. $20 A WEEK. MARTIN'S,
749 Market st.
BUTLER; $46. MIS.-i CULLEN, 323 BUTTER
street.
ALKT; $30 A MONTH: SEE LADY HERE.
.MISS CULLEN, 323 Sutler st.
WANTED - 100 MEN .TO CUT WOOD;
board given and wood paid for in the fall.
Apply Palvatlun Army Labor Bureau, 158 Mont-
gomery st.. Monday, 10 a. m. .
U, ANTED-A BOY TO LEARN THE PHOTO-
*' engraving business. Apply California Photo-
engraving Company, 5i3 Market st.
GOOD BUTCHER, WITH SMALL CAPITAL,
as partner. 617 Twelfth st., Ensi Oakland.
yOUKU MAN WANTED TO UO WHALING.
-L Chicago Hotel, a "JO Pacific st.
700 I>AIR MEN'S SHOES. BEEN DAM-
I "v/ aced by water, at Jess than one-fourth their
value, from 75c up to $2 60. 562 Mission st., bet.
First and second.
BARBKR-8HOP: RUNNING 3 CHAIRS; Al
X> location. Apply Call Office.
T\TANJED-10!) MEN AND BOYS TO SELL
»* shamrocks. 145 Fourth st., room 26.
\yANTKD— STEADY MAN FOR COUNTRY
■" position: must have $5 expense money. Ap-
ply after 8 p. m. 9 Geary hi., room 2.
SOBER, RELIABLE MAN TO TAKE PART
Interest in cash business: must have $150 cash
and be satisfied with $18 to $20 per week; business
established 18 years. 777 Market st-, room 7.
SECOND EXPEDITION SOUTH SEA ISLAND
O now formed. 53t* California st.
CITY OK COUNTRY TAILOKS WILL
profit by sending their coats to San Francisco
Coat-makers, 17 fc>.ockion pi • strictly white labor.
"yOI'NG MAN IN DRUGSTORE; SOME EX-
X perience. Corner Eddy and sterner sis.
AGENT WANTED TO TAKE ORDEKSFOR
merchant tailoring; good cnance to the right
mar*. I). \. ii list. I
2 FIRST-CLASS SHOEMAKERS WANTED
I £ immediately. 1508 rark st., Alameda,
I 4 MEN TOGO ON CRUISE TO BOUTH SEAS.
t: Apply at HERMAN'S, 637 Clay st.
DRUG CLERK WANTED: A COMPETENT,
re.lable younit man in a first-class drugstore:
must »pe.<k English, German and French: please
stale experience and references. Address '!., box
17, Ca.l Office.
LADY WANTS GENILKMAN PARTNER;
only $25 capita. 1 Fifth St., room 1.
ANTED— SEAMEN AND ORDINARY. AP-
" ply Shipping Agency, 10 Sleuartst., upstairs.
SHOEMAKER WAN i ON REPAIRING;
men on new work. 202 Fifth st.
BOYS BETWEEN 14 AND 17 YEARS. APPLY
X> at 200 butter st. ;
JOURNEYMEN BARKERS' EMFLO YMK-M"
0 secretary .H. BERNARD. 102 r-»venth St. !
STYLISH AND DURABLE CALF SHOES
made to order. 92 50: cheapest place In city for
repairing and second-hand shoes. 959 Howard st
I)ARBERS— FOR EMPLOYMENT CALL SEC.
X> P. C Barbers' Assn. S. FUCHS, 325 Grant aye.
BAKBER-SHOP— BK bOLD, ON AC-
X> count of sckues*. 1944 Market st.
3 -CHAIR BARBER WHOP FOR SALE, OR
will take partner. 307 Sixth st.
QCQg MISSION SI.— BRANCH OFFICE OK
— <>—. 'i us Call; bubscriptiona uua waul ads
taken. ' * '• ■
TF YOU ARK GOING TO YUK GOLD
x fields. Alaska, join the Johnson party, leaving
here March 20. Johnson's Alaska Outfitting
Agency, 213 ifansome K. HfWH
ANTED— SEAMAN, ORDINARY SEAMAN
and grfen-bands for whaling and deep-water
vessels. Appl/ at McMAHON & MCCARTHY,
11/ Drumm St., upstairs.
SINGLE BOOHS 10c AND 15c NIGHT, 60c
and 75c week. Lindell House. Sixth and Howad.
Tir ANTED— SAILORS FOR -TEAM WHAL-
» » ers and sealers at LANE'S, 604 Davis st.
neni< mission — subscriptions AND
Z.\J£\J wane ads taken for THE CALL. -,;
WANTED, YOUR SHOES —WE REPAIR
» » shoes up to 9 o'clock every night: those work-
Ing through the day can have ibeir shoes repaired
at night while you wait: ladies' *oilnc, 35c; men's
soling 50c: tine shoes made to order from $2 up;
we have a lot or shoes been damaged r.y water at I
less than on»-fourth their value, from 75c up to
$2 50. 662 Mission st , bet. First and Second.
■pOOMS. 15c TO 75c PER NIGHT; 50c TO $1 50
J V per week. Oriental, 225 Drunim st.
> % IR*T- CLASS OPERATORS ON LADIES'
cloaks an I suits. W. SIMINOFF, 1228 Market.
WANT ADS AND SUBSCRIPTIONS FOR
> ' Thk Call are taken at Branch office, south-
west corner Sixteenth and Mission s:s.
~\\i ANTED, TOCOLLECT WAGES DUE LABOR-
Vi ers^clerks KN OX Collection A(Cy, 110. "-utter.
KECRUITB WANTED FOR THE U. M. MA-
XV rlna Corps, U. f. Navy— Able-bodied unmar-
lied men between the ages of 21 and SO years 1
who are citizens of the United Spates, or those
who have legally declared their intention to be- I
come such; must be of good character ami habits
and able to speak, read and write English and ba
between 5 feet 6 Inches and 6 feet In height. For
further information apply a: the Recruiting Office,
20 Kills st.. San Francisco, Cal.
ii/. NINTH ST. — BRANCH OFFICE OF
1 iv) Thk Call; subscription, and, wane ads.
taken.
WANTED— AN IDEA; WHO CAN THINK
»T of some simple thing to patent? Protect your
Ideas; they may bring you wealth. Wiite JOHN I
WEDDERBURN & CO., Dept. L, Patent Attor-
neys. Washington, D. C, for their $1800 prize
offer and new list of 1000 Invention* wanted.
EU'HO HOUSE. Bb3Va MARKET ST.— i;uUMj
XJ 20c. 25c to 60c night; $1 to $2 wee*.
1 til NINTH ST.— branch OFFICE OF
1 D I '1 uk . Call; . Hnbscriptloa and want ad*
taken.
RY ACME HOUSE, 957 MARKET ST.. BE-
J. low blxtli. lor a room; *&i- a night: $1 a weak.
BEST IN CITY— SINGLE ROOMS, 15, 20 AND
13 25 cents per night: $1. $1 *5, $1 60 per week.
Parlhc House, Commercial and l.eldesrtorn* sis. I
1 l\(\ MEN TO TAKE LODGING AT 10c, 150
lUv and 20c a night. Including coSo« aua roiU.
t24 Washington St., near Kearny. j
\\r ANTED— LABORERS AND MECHANICS
» » to know that Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprie-
tor, still runs Denver Houss, 217 Third st.: 15 J
large rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $3 per week.
■pOSEDALE. 321 ELLIS BT.— SINGLE FUR-
XV nished rooms, 'iOc to 25: night, $1 to $1 60 wk.
1? SIMON WANTS 100 Mr.S TO *..ET BOf-
Xj. tie beer or wine sc: best free lunch. t>43CUf
\\f ANTED-SINHLh, ROOMS. 13c A DAY: $1
»» weeic; rooms for 2, 25c a day. $1 60 m wm^,
reading-room -. daily papers. 26 Clay st.
INCHESTEK HOUSE, 44 THIRD ST., XX
IT Market: 200 rooms, 25c a night: reading-
room: ireo bin and tia-'crase to and -rum the terrr.
AGENTS WANTED.
4 GEMS WVNTED IN EVERY COUNTY TO
A sell direct to the farmers the combination lock
cievlM: sells on sight In the East. SAML. GAM-
BLE, P. C. Agent, 1307 Doloies st.
4 GENTS— BRYAN'S BOOK, "THE . FIRST
xi. Battle." Apply or address for territory, F.
Person, manager subscription department, THE
WHITAKER A RAY COMPANY, 7*3 Market St.
FUKNITUKE WANTED.
BEST PRICKS FOR FURNITURE, MDSE.,
etc. STREET* CRESWELL, Auctioneers. 927
Market st. rm.3lU. Houses bought in their entirety.
IF YOU WANT GOOD PRICKS FOR FURNI-
X lure and merchandise see BURP. 211 Lark i a.
HIGHER PRICK THAN ANYWHERE PAID
J I by Indian* Auction C 0.1057 Market. npp.Jonsi
KOOMS WAMUI).
ROOM, CENTRAL,| PRIVATE FAMILY. BY
young man; reasonable: sta c fail particulars.
ability, box 109. Call Office. :.
WANTED-MISCELLANEOUS.
WANTED— $200 FROM PRIVATE PARTY
for short time: good security and Interest. N
D., box 29, (.all Office. '
ANTED— SECOND- H AND MITH PRE-
mler typewriter. Cull or address 19% sixth.
CILDINGS BOL'UHT: LUMBER. SASHKii
XJ doors, mantels, ate., for sale. 1166 Mission st.
ELL YOUR BOOKS, CLOTHING AND JEW
elry to A. KLEIN. 109 Sixth at. ; tend postal. :
HOTELS.
IJKOOKLYN HOTKL, 208^212~^C8H^8T~
-U board nnd room $1 to »2 per dn/. (6 to ' $1J
per week* choice rooms 50 cents to $1: suite
looms for family $i to *1 50 per night; tirst-class
service; Bee coacb, CUAKLts MONXGOMJkSy
BUSINESS CHANCES;
HIGHEST CASH PRICES PAID FORFURNI-
Hire, restaurant, saloon fixtures and grocery
■tooics. STENBKKG. 632 Market; teL main 1043.
©£nfk RESTAURANT MEN. ATTENTION;'
I )UU. to buy one of the best-paying i.lact-sj
receipts $45 dally: trial Riven; fullest Investiga-
tion, si uNBERG <fc CO., 632 Market St.
inn butcher-shop: ESTABLISHED
<pXIV/V/. 10 years: ruts 12 ca tie, 25 sheep. 8
hogs weekly: 3 hores, 4 wagons: rent, me tiding
Stable, only $40. STENBi KG. 632 Markets'-
fijf^On BUTCH SHOP; GOOD HORi-K,
I «ff)tyV/v/. wagon, cash register: owner leaving
city. -STENBEKG CO. 632 Market St.
qjQXA BKST KOUTK I> CITY; CLEXHS
<ipa*J\J. jflOO per month; trial given; sarriflcej
I account of departure. STENBERO, 632 Market.
<2iQnn WOOD AND COAL YARD; CLEARS
I ispu\J\J. $00 montnly; value in sisht; inal
I given. STKNBERG cfe CO., Market st.
ffljlOF; SALOON: FULL VALUE IN SIGHT.
i^>lZ.O. STENBERG. 632 Market ft.
DECKER'S BARGAINS, 1020 MARKET ST.
I U $-00— Barber-snop for sale.
$350— Stationery-si ore for sale.
$ 1 50— Brunch, bakery for sale.
9 6">0— Restaurant for sale.
$450— Coffee saloon for sale,
$•100— Camlv-, tore for sale.
sf 350— Wood and coal yard.
1 800— Grocery and i ar for sal*
$Zsoo— Bakery and restaurant.
$175— Cigar-store for sale.
$350 — Meat market, for sale.
$800 — Coffee saloon and restaurant.
Saloon lor sal?.
F^R SALE-ONE OF THE FINEST FITTED-
P up saloon* In the city; doing a good business;
in a«oo(1 location: receipts from $15 to $18 a day.
33 Sixth st., room 18.
pAkTNKR WANTED WITH SMALL CAPI-
-L tal to invest in a good paving business; will
bear invesieation. Call 33 Bixih st., room 18.
/IENTRALLY LOCATED FAMILY MQUO '
"- store and bar; established same place 17
yeais: owner desires to retire; will sell for cash at
sacrifice: safest and best Investment In tiieclt..
Apply >PhCK & CO., 602 Market St.
17IINEI.Y FITTKD-UP SALOON, WITH 8
J furnished rooms; make almost the rent: bar-
ta ii ; good reaton for selling. Cor. l'acitic mid
Battery sts.
PARTNER IN ESTABLISHED BUSINESS:
-I must be sober and em-rgettc; references ex-
changed; small capital required. 1041 Valencia.
pOKNER SALOON AND CIGAR - STAND;
\J good location and good business; cheap. 516 l
Geary st.
"lir ANTED - BUYER FOR FIRST-CLASS
** stioemaking shop in Sausalito: plenty new
work and repairing. Inquire this office.
ALOON AND CIGAR-STORE FOR SALE;
O cbeap. 600 El is st, NW. cor Xeavenworth.
/'OOD- PAYING BUSINESS FOR SALB
vJT cheup; downtown. 717 Mission st.
f\LD - ESTABLISHED RKSTAU RANT;
VJ cheap: good prices. Apply 324 Larkin st.
f QC/J CIGAR AND STATIONERY STORE,
«Jpt/eM/. clearing $125 monthly; good locution;
rent, with living-rooms, $20; value in sight; trial
given: thorough Investigation solicited; no agents.
a, box 70, Call Office.
CJj 1 ?i(\f\ BUYS A PROFITABLE OUTSIDR
tip I i)UU business; cood opportunity foryounir,
active man with the above amount of casn. F. 8.,
box i 6. Call.
I A NTKD — PARTNER IN AMUSEMENT
j *T enterprise out of the ordinary, offering almost
all profit: $-00 required. F. F., box 47. (all.
mo KENT— WINDSOR HOTEL, ST. lI X L X A
J- for 3 or 5 years. Write GcOKGE W. FEE.
bt. Helena.
PROSPEROUS REPUBLICAN WEEKLY
X newspaper; golden opportunity: easy terras;
owner leaving. .Address .*.; box 61, this office.
J ""OR SALE-HALF INTEF.KST iN COAL-
I T yard situated a Union and Kearny. Apply at
1 premises, or 15111/2 Dupontst.
GOOD CIIANCK FOR RESTAURANT 51 AN;
VJ" first-class oyster and chophouse fur.snle: $280;
rent paid: owner leav.ng city. 116 Sixth s:.
SALOON FOR SALE IMMEDIATELY ON
O account of slckne-s: SE. cor. of Kearay and
California sts. Inquire 123 Prospect place.
ESTS' FURNISHING GOODS; MUST SELL
vJ at once: a bargain for some one. Call after 1
F. m. at 38 sixth st.
\y ANTED- PARTNER.ESTABI.ISHED'PAY-
»' Ing saloon. Particulars, 539 California st. :.
PARTNER FOR FIRST-CLASS BUSINESS.
I Ji Call at J. L. BOON'S office, 214 Pine st.
"WOOD AND COAL YARD FOR SALE;
IT ground to lease; cheap. Apply 2 Valencia st.
I fUN ING- ROOM IN I.A RGE HOTBLTO X c WT^
U rent taken out in board. Apply Call uflice.
TATIONERY STORE; OLD, GOOD-PAYING
0 place; nlre for woman to make a good living.
Inquire Call Office.
OR SALE— GOOD PAYING SALOON. N\V.
X cor. Spear and Howard. $
1 VOUXO WIDOW WANTS A GENTLEMAN
i X partner; small capital. Room 8, 207 Post st.
! yOCSG WIDOW OF MEANS DKSIRKS GEN-
-1 tleman partner. Room 3, 995 Market st.
VDI'SU EASTERN LADY -DESIRES GEN-
■L tieman partner; small capital. 850 Market, r.5.
fl^OXfk SALOON: OWKjfiR GOING EAST.
i&ZiOKJ. Apply for particulars 235 Thi d St.
TO HE WITH 3 LIVING-ROOMS: ELEGANT
0 location lor business. 406 mirth st.
OXOft MISSION — SUBSCRIPTIONS A.Mi
—tJ — U want ads taken lor Tim Call.
"1 l\(\f\ CARDS, $1 60. SHOW CARDS. KTC.
±UUU TeL Black 141. ILL. 22% ueary st.
LATEST CAKFENDisFt PATENT; BEST IN
JU vention. Apply 623 Golden Gale aye.
CITY ROUTE FUR SALE. APPLY THIS
Office.
•VTEWSPAPER ROUTE I.x INTERIOR CITY
J-\ close to tan Francisca For particulars apply
this office.
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
on-ROOM HOUSE OX MARKET ST U. 400
•)" 24-room house, only Bs(j
10 rooms, very tine 250
24 rooms on Market at 850
14 rooms, only ; 250
28 rooms, oniy 1,000
46 roonn: offer wanted 1.3r0
31 rooms for exchange 1,40 >
24 ro ms, only 650
10 rooms, on McAUUter s'. 400
20 rooms; corner: new 1,200
14 rooms on Gutter. 350
7-rooni house, only. 'J5O
18 rooms. near the Baldwin . 50J
. 11. C. DECKER, 1020 Market St., opp. Fifth.
I "TVINING-ROOM, 30 BOARDERS;" FINE lO-
xf cation .". $80
t 10 rooms, elegant: Sutter st. : c-n'ral 500
I 14 rooms, Van Ness: new: payine 650
\ UNUEKWOOI) CO.. 765 Market st.
1 (.-ROOM LODGING-HOUSE FOR SALE AT
I I i a sacrifice; must be sold within a few days.
S3. Sixth st., room 18.
1 A ROOMS: NisW FURNITURE; RENT RK- |
I'd duced; part cash. 402 Geary st. . • h
<n»/»/\fl LODGING-HOU-.E Or 1 21 ROOMS'.-
«J»OwU. on one floor: always full: rent cheap;
good furnltme. Call at 18 v 2 Sacramento st.
1 C FINK FURNISHED ROOMS; GOOD
1 D transient trade: sixth st., near Market; pilce
$475. Address T. T., box 28, Call Office.
1 /\-ROOM FLAT FURNISHED FULL; OWN-
IUer going East; cheap. Call Ito 4, 13Va
Sixths:.
T ODOING-HOUSK OF 15 ROOMS; ALL
.Li full; good reasons lor selling. Address Call
Office. Address T. T., box 28, Call ufflce.
-ROOM FLAT FURNI-HED FULL: OWN-
er going £«st; cheap. Call 1 to 4, 13Vfc
DOlNii-HOUSK OF IS ROOMS; ALL
uil; goou reasons ior selling. Address Call
Q9Q HAVES— BRANCH OFFICE OF TUB
OOV Call: subscriptions and want ads taken.
FIKNITUIIK FOR SALE..
■pETIRINO FROM RETAIL BUSINESS-
J.V must close ont stock in 30 days: brusseW cur-
pet, 42VjC yard; floor oilcloth. 18c; mat Ins 7o
yard; room sets, 3 pieces. J9 tO: 4- room fur-
nlture outfit, $65. SHIREK it SHIREK, 747
Market st. opp. Grant aye.
€* '1()(\ OR HALF INTEREST IN A M ANU-
«JV\y lacturing business. 328 Bush st., rm. 4.
FURNITURE, STOVES. CARPETS. COUN-
X ters. showcases. ANDERSON, Hal Market.
AT L. J. NEUMANN'S. 117 SIXTH. h'OA
xx lowest prices on household poods: new or gooa
»s new: caa 1 or on time: open evenlns*.
ATTORNEYS-
ADVICE FREE; DIVORCE LAWS A SPEC-
laity; private; no fee without success: pro>ate.
| Insolvency, wills, collections, bills of sale, deeaal
damages, etc. ; private detectives: estab. 10 years!
Q. W. HOWE. 850 Market st. corner Stockton st
ADVICE FREE; NO CHARGE UNLESS SUC-
A ceasfal.. W. W. DaVIUjON. 927 Market »C
R, l^-' AT TOKNEY.AT-LAW, CHRON-
J-t. lcle building; advice free; lowte.s: all casej.
ADVICE FREE; NO CHARGE UNLESS SUC-
A cessfni. J. G. JEFFRKBS. 632 Market, rm.Vi
BICYCLES.
FOWLKR RACER, $65; UNION CRACK FK-
lack $J5; Ben Hnr (Isles'). *»5. and «li^- > HOUSES TO LET.
HOUSE TO LET: 421 POWELL ST.; RENT i
cheap. Cail a: premise-. _ .•
HOUSK OK 9 ROOMS, FIKST-CLASS STYLK
1911 Buchanan st. bHAINWALD-BUCK-
/litE CO. ■
4 1 OX HYDE '' ST. _ COMFORTABLE REAR
"XI (Ja house of 6 rooms; reut reasonable.
I^OR KEVT- NKWLY PAINTED HOUSE 6
: rooms: $11, water free. 3383 Twenty-sixth
St., near Mission. ■ -,
SO N V HOUSE: S KOOMS: BATH; VaKD.
J Hampton pi., off Folsom st, bet. 2d and 3*.
OUSK-S TO RENT FOR VERY LITTLE
fno-ney »t BALDWIN & HOWELL'S 10
Montgomery st-
QlO 2-STORY FRAME, 4 ROOMS AND
V 1 v. basement; water fre-: quiet and resp'*ct-
uble neighborhood. 6 Retina place, oft norta side
California' st.. below Stockton. ke r at 8.
1 99l ) BUSH — SUNN V HOUSE; 9 ROOMS;
1 — — 17 yard; rent reasonable to a good tenanu
QJA 1731 BROADWAY, «EAK BOUGH- 8
*v ~*V'. looms; every convenience: marine view.
BAD TkNAMV-, J-JECTt.I): *3. SMITH,
collector, 14 McAllister St.. rooms 10-11.
' FURNISHED HOUSES.
ITiURNISHED RESIDENCE AND GROUNDS
r for sale or lease at a bargaib; the owner will
sell or lease residence with 12 rooms partly fur-
nished with about two acres of land hicbly im-
- proved, situate In East Oakland on electric road,
' within ten minutes walk from 1 « euty-thir
station: broad gauge railroad rent moderate and
price reasonable. For further particulars apply
Id AD ISO N & BI'RK K. 6-6 Market St.
COTTAGES TO LET.
1 RAO OKNTB AL AYE» COR. POST- TWO
iOUiJ cottngts; r nt $7 50 and 9.
SUNNY COTTAGE: 5 ROOMS AND BATH;
large yard; flowers; rent low. • 742 Lapp st.
OTTaGE-3 SUNNY ROOMS; YARD: BASK-
v ment: sma 1 lami'y. 1230 Folsom. nr. Ninth.
TO LET FURNISHED COTTAGE IN THE
country $7; for the cummer.34 Octavla at.
(-.7 -"^n COTTAGE OF 3 SUNNY ROOMS;
1 -O. yard, lot and shed; sewers: ' water
free: 26 Bennln-ton st., near Cortlana aye.; key
at grocery. 3418 Mission st. KAS'iON, EL-
. J i: D6KA CO., 638 Market st.
Cj I C KICK COTTAGE; 0 ROOMS: BATH;
0 ' •'• sunny: yard: cellar. Key 711 Treat a-ve.
FLATS .TO LET;
-I 191 dCTAVIA, NEAR POST— SUNNY.
It— l window; 6 rooms and bath; large
yard and cellar. ■
VKAKCIIY HALL; SUNNY FLAT: 6 ROOMS;
•XI bath; large cellar; $20. 147 Grove. ' '
i-LAT 4 SUNNY ROOMS. 11 ELWOOD ST.,
ofT O'Farrell, near Mason.
£• C MODERN FLAT: 8 ROOMS; BATH; 1
C- O. ox 2 families, 1128 Howart st.
TpOB SALE — CHEAP: YORK ST., NEAR
X Twenty-th rd: 2 >iew bay-window flan of Sand
6 rooms »nJ bath: all the medern improvements;
open for inspection every day and Sunday after-
noon. - -;y.\ . i ,- * .' - ;;; ,>
ffl; 1 Q 14.'5 a SACRAMENTO ST., NfcAß
C ' V* Hyde— Upper flat 6 rooms and bath.
$15— 14"J ji'j»: loner flat 5 rooms ana bath.
EARELY BEAUTIFUL: NW. COR. STTTER
md Scott sts.: 6 big rooms, $27 50: water free;
appreciated If seen. Apply opposite corner grocery
YEW UPPi-K, SUNNY, MODERN FLAT, OP.
.».' Jefferson >-q ;. 5 rms, bath. 935 Golden Gale.
"PLAT TO LET OF 5 ROOMS AND BATH;
(-W. cor. Twenty-third and Hampshire sts.;
' rent moderate.
-I 91 Ql LAGUNA-5-ROOM FLAT; LARGE
.1 _ I •*•» yard and cellar. Inquire next door,
No. 1221. ' •
FIN r ST, CHIiAPE'-T. SUNNIEST MODERN
J Mission fla.s. 332-8 Cumberland it.. nr.Cburch.
FLATS TO LKT FOR VERY LITTLE
money at BALDWIN & HOWEIL'S, 10 Mont-
gomery s\
vi. 1 .1 LOVELY SUNNY FLAT; 4 LARGE
iff!.— . rooms, bath, gas ami yard. 392 Ni;j»-
tt-enth st,., bet. Noe and :-anctiez. water tree.
<T- ~ To $10 SAVED MONTHLY. 300 FLATS
<7.U to let ccep.p at SPECK & CO. 'B, 602 Markeu
/ HEAP JiOl»-KN FLATS, 5 AND " 6
V room*. Ps 10 #16: <p« th- m .*>23 ■-■' ventti st.
K"^ HOCSKKEEPING ROOMS.
{.-,>-5. •■;'■■ Brannan Street.
4 99 BP ANNAN — FURNISHED ROOMS
£/ju with use of stove.
Clara Street.
A 6 CLARA, BET. THIRD AVD FOCKTH-2
trO furnished rooms for housekeeping.
* . " Eddy Street- .
-I 1 Q EDDY — FIRST FLOOR. SUITE FOR
XXO housekeeping, $12; other fur. rms., $6 up.
. . tills Street. ...
099 ELLIS (PALMETTO)— MOST DE C lR-
*)£—• able housekeeping apartments In the city.
iittii Street.
TAT FIFTH-PLEASANT, SUNNY, UNFUR-
-l " 1 nished rooms to let. .
, OHO FIFTH -NEW HOUSE: CONNE< TING
■'JyJtJ rms.: bay-window; complete housekping.
O'l£; FIFTH — CLEAN FURNISHED ANTt
*)£>) unfurnished housekeeping rooms; 2, $10:
3. $13: single. $5.
J 955 1 - FIFTH-2 ROOM- COMPLETKLYFUR-
- I—Oi nNhPdforhnuseKeeDg; water In kitchen.
- . •- I'Olsum Streeu
Ci'TA FOLSOM— NICE >I"XXV FURNISHED
•I 1 rooms for housekeeping; single and double:
rent reasonable.
1.. .1.0.1 Street.
A-l 1- HARHI3ON-2 FRONT FURNISHED
all. housekeeping rooms: complete: %i 50 wk.
JacKson Street.
OAi Q Jackson —in elegant resi-
• )UJ V dence, 3 rooms, furnished for house-
keeping; $20.
' • Ke.sriiy Street.
V-HOCShKEKPIXG ROOMS;
_ — >' either gas or coal stove: also suite and sin-
, gle. ■ ;
1 km Street.
,<OQ LAIIKIN - 3 NICELY FURNISHED
t— •' sunny front rooms; gas: grate; running
wtter, etc. ' - -• ■ »
Sunn, stree;.
r 1.- 'MINNA— 3 LAKGK SUNNY T7NFUR.
O. i,») n shed rooms; quiet end central; rent rea-
sonable. ' "
Scission Street.
Q. 17 MISSION — 8 U N N V FURNISHED
•./ jI 4 rooms, complete for housekeeping.
IA^Q MISSI' <>'— FRONT PARLORS, CAN
JvUOdo lUhl uousikeepin«. also two for *10.
• 1 f\U'J MISSION— 2SUNNY HOU.sEKEKPING
Jl'Oo rtoms. $12; also newly furniihed rooms,
< heaj). * 
Moutgomery Street.
T. 97 MONTGOMERY. COR. CLAY — OPEN
«>_ 1 until 9:3' o'clock; branch office ot The
( am.: subscriptions end want ads taken.
>Mtom;i (Street.
-: X ATQM A,— BUITK OF HOUSEKEEPING
1W1) rooms: rent $10 per mouth.
' /*/V\ .NAXOMA-2OR A FURNISHED FRONT
V)U«J rooms for housekeeping; hot and co water.
Octavta Street.
-1 <AQ r-CTAVIA. COR. GEARY— SUNNY
±.*i\JO furnished bay-window, $11; with kitchen
$14. ■. .-■-•'
I'm« Street. '/,.•>',*,
/?9i PINE— I OK. 2 ROOMS, WITH KITCH-
'■-.] en. for man and wife: reasonable; ref.
i o.Jc Mreot.
CM A * ROOMS TO KENT FOR HOUBE-
U> 1 V/. keeping. Apply 1423 Pol st.
# ;-C- .>."-.; i well Mrce;. .
nnr POWELL, COR. GEARY — 2 SUNNY
JL ZO basement rooms with kitchen; nicely lur-
«lish'ed.- . - -:\ ; .* -^ vf"-_\.; V*:::.- : . '■'■
Seventh Street.
"I AC} SEVENTH (GIRARD)— SUITES AND
kttcncns-.alaoslrivle rooms;newly renovated
'.'\ revenitt Strto.;
• ia«7 2. FURNISHED ROOMS: HOUSEKEEP-
<P I . ing rooms, cottage, 623 seventh st. '
blockton Place. •
' 1701 • STOCKTON, COR. FILBERT TWO
'• '"I sunny furnlsued for housekeepiugt yard;
cheap. • -■ -- i
HOUSEKEEPING KOOMS - Continued.
Turk Street.
£40 TURK — SUNNY ROOM; RUNNING
deslreJ^lio 1 " 1 gaS: bath: light " housekeeping, if
CO] TURK — FLOOR .OF 4 BEAUTIFUL
<■ tiJ. rooms and alcove; running water; closet,
grate, bath. •
iiiird srree;. .'
TOR 1 THIRD -NICELY FURNISHED
±\JW4 housekeeping rooms: very reasonable.
U(, THIRD— 2 LARGK SUNNY FRONT
J J- •' rooms, furnished tor housekeeping; rent
cheap
ROOMS TO LET. . f
i-Uhh Strao,.
f»-| 4 BUSH -NEWLY FURNISHED FRONT 1
UitandbaQK parlor, light housekeeping; also ,
single rooms; reasonable.
797 BUSH-PLEASANT SUNNY ROOMS;
■ *i 1 suite; single; light housekeeping privileges.
eighth Street.
HERMAN APARTMENT HOUSE "8 BTH
kJ st., near Market; furnished and unfurnished.
*-Ui« street. . .
POYAL HOUSE, 126 ELLIS - INCANDES-
cent ilgtits: readinqroom, nmoktng-roooi and
ladles Darlor: per night. 35c to 81 50; week, $2 to
$8; montb,4Btos3o: elevator; hot.cold water baths.
TS^ii AMOKA > 13 ° ELLIS. MRS. KATE S.
"t. * ~ KI • ,' nanaeer - quiet bouse; centrally lo-
cated; newly furnished; elevator; hot, <fc cold water.
'inn street.
THE COSMOPOLITAN - SELECT FAMILY
•A hotel: 100 Fifth st., cor. Mission: rooms
DOC 75c and $1 per night: $2 to S5 per week.
■tolsoin Street. ' ."■.■■". ■■ i V
r;or. folsom-neatly furnished sun-
xj^i v ny single room; $3 60 per month.
Geary Street.
"I AD GEARY - El EGANTLY FURNISHED
XVO sunny rooms; en suite or single; offices.
f*f|9 geary-fkont ALCOVE ROOM: ALSO
\J\J£d single; gentlemen preferred: private family
Q(\ 1 GEARY — ELEGANT BAY -WIN MOW
Ov/X ro«ms: reasonable; modern conveniences;
new corner Hat.
Golden Gate Avenue.
X 90 GOLDEN GATE AVE.— SLKGANTFUR-
*-'—«-» nished rooms; also light housekeeping-
rear. ' .
CAO GOLDEN GATE AYE.— SONNY FUR-
U\JO nished room, suitable for two: also single.
Hampton Place. - ■ '
H HAMPTON PL., OFF FOLSOM ST., BET.
XX 2d &-3d— 3 sunny : bay-wlnw; yd.; basemt.
iiuwa.it Mres.. —
11 49 HOWARD— 2 SUNNY FRONT BAY-
J- 1 ti- window housekeeping rooms; range;
rent $10 to $12. . •. -
Hunt Street.
Dl HUNT— NEW MANAGEMENT; NICELY
OX furnished room; $1 week up.
• :'. Kearny Street, v.
A ISLINGTON HOUSE, 127 KEARNY —
■A- Pleasant sunny rooms, en suite and single; first
class In every.. respect: term* reasonable.
Leidesdorff Street* . ■
"I 1 fi LEIDESDOKFF-LAROE FURNISHED
1 111 front room; sunny; very cheap; gas; pr.-
vate. : .... ■
■ aiuiket Street, . ££*''£-
I AOO MABKET- SUNNY, FROST ROOMS;
1-U-O furnished or unfurnished: cheap rent. •
Y'CSKMIIE HOUSE. 1045 MARKET—
X night, $35 to $1; week, $1 60 to*s; families.
1 Ci(\!\ MARKET, OPP. JONES-FRONT BAY-
lUUOwinaow rooms; quiet ana respectable;
cheap. ■ ,
Mason Street.
1 9 MASON — PARLOUS OCCUPIED BY
11- dresi maker for years; suitable lor doctor.
a 1 •_> mason, opp. native »ny hall-
ll') Nicely furnished sunny 100 ms; reasonable.
New Montgomery street.
I f\~ NEW MONTGOMERY — FURNISHED
l"i) sunny single rooms: 25c 10 SI per week.
;Y " McAllister Street. ;,:.;:
and McAllister— nice large fur-
\jZiU tiished front roam: with c'o^et. : '
i* 111 il Mr«»..
IQI ■ MINNA —ELEGANTLY FURNISHED
"10l front rooms; $5 and up; hot water baths.
C?OIJ MINNA, COX. EIGHTH — NEWLY FUR-
DOI nished bay-window rooms: $1 per tveek.
[■_„'. Mission ?-treet. •
HANCOCK HOUSE, 781 MISSION; SELECT
family rooming-house: .$1 &0 to $t5 per week.
1917 MISSION — NICELY FURNISHED
I—X I single room; terms reasonable. '
Oak Street.
r-1 9a oak-sunny furnished front
«J1 — room, suitable for gentleman, $4; with
break $£.
■ Pine srreec.
l'f\Q Pi^'E-2 LARGK FRONT ROOMS, SUIT-
' iXJtJ able for light housekeeping with gas, grate, |
closet and running water. . -
lost Stress.
OOQ POST, CORNER OF STOCKTON.
3 LARGE SUNNY OFFICES, SUITABLE
FOR DOCTOR, DENTIST, DRESSMAKER,
MILLINER, ETC.; OVERLOOK! PLAZA;
DESIRABLE LOCATION: ELEGANT SUITES.
RANDOLPH HOUSK, 501 POST— CHANGED
It bands: 60 window parlor*; smaller
rooms; running water: gas and grates: $1 60 10 $4.
f»99 POST - ELEGANTLY FURNISHED
\)Zi£ rooms; bath.hot.cold water;sB; sunnysulws
... _ tisl.li Street.. \ .„ „',-,•
QQ. RIXTH — QUIET SUNNY ELEGANT
00 rooms: Ml conveniences; fireproof building.
Stevenson Street. .
"(in STEVENSON— LA RO E FRONT ROOM
<J_— . for rent; newly furnished: $7. »
Sutler Street. ,; .'
41 n RUTTF.R, TW. ELEGANTLY
-iO newly furnished light sunny parlors for
offices; bath; reasonable; also other room*; appre-
ciated if seen by doctor.
pr-| A SUTTER— NICELY FURNISHED SUN-
JIt ny rooms, suite or single: terms moderate.
m 7-711 bUTTKR— FUBNISHED AND UN-
I\J i furnished; Choice; reasonable: appreciated
seen.
. ■ * . lurk Street.
Q-f A"TURK— LARGE KKONTROOM: NEW
OIU fjrnlture: bath: $12: another, $10. v>":2
M is« •• I Inneous.
SW. COR. SIXTEEN 1 ii ST.', NEAR MISSION:
branch office of The Call, (subscriptions and
want ads tak~n.
BOARDING. AND ROOMS.
31 n OCTAVIA, NEAR GEARY—
1 D front room, with. or without board, 10
private Jewish family.
TVTEWLY FURBISHED FRONT ROOM: BAY
I window; wi.h board $25 a month. 1802 Post.
QAQ VAN NESS AYE.- NEWLY FCR-
CUO nisbed tunny rooms, with board.
10.Q7 POST, COH. POLK— FURNISHED
t I\JO I sunny rooms, with board. -^
1 1 O LEAVI-.NWORTH— GuOD BOARD AND
lit/ room for 2; private fam ly . $4 v eek. -
OTKL Br.RTLI.NO. 7148 SH-A FAMILY
HOTEL reference*: air modern conveniences.
hotel: r»»f«retic«v all modern conveniences.
tIIILDKE.V 11OAKM1).
1 ..I '■ ■' - ' ■ : ■ - ■
A MOTHER'S PERSONAL CARE: 1 MONTH
old up: sunny rooms: wholesome food; low
rales. Address D. £-, b-1 62, Call. .
-\\7-A -TKD-ONE OR MORE CHILDREN TO
TV board. 326 Cumberland St., bet. Church and
Sanch*-z. Nineteenth anJ twentieth. -, ■ - ■,■:.--
~ STOKES TO LET. ~~"
A 1 FOLRTH-HM ALL STORK WITH ROOM
410 in rear: low rent. Apply to U. H. UMBSkN
& CO., 14 Montgomery st- - , - •■ ■'
OFFICES TO LET.
I i 99 MARKET— JfROXT. SUITE OF 3 CON-
-1 1 -.*- nesting rooms, also single: {6 toSlUa
week. ,■.:••......;'.. : '■■■.. -,' -':■.'>-';- -'■.. .:.'.^>
ST. ANN'S BUILDING, 6 EDDY ST., CORNER
Powell— Destrab.e offices, with gas, janitor and
elevator. J3OVKIS, TOY & CO., 3U Moutgomery.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, MARCH 8, 1897.
PERSONALS. , f-\
T OMBARDI'S, THE SQU\REST AND
XJ cheapest place In town; meals 25c. 423 Pine.
MAIE.- ROLLANI). TEACHER OF FRENCH
language located 223 Post St.. room 1.
COME TO ME FOR THK VERY BEST IN
the line of switches; have jus. received a new
line, first quality; gray switrnes. the very be -it,
$2: switches, all colors, fiom to $2; bairdrees-
ing, 25c; I can restore cray or bleached hair to
natural color with periectlv harmless preparation.
G.LKDKRKR. 11l Stockton st. - • .;
TO WHOM IT MAY I ON'CERN— THIS IS T'»
notify the public at Urge that my son. GEORGE
HENRY MoNNIEK, has left my homo without
my consent and against my will, and he is a minor,
and 1 will not be responsible for any 'lebts that
he may contract; and thU no;tiica;ion is g.ven b. -
me as a warning to the public ai large not to give
him any credi in my name. Dated > an Fran-
cisco, March 6, 1897. GKORGE MONNIER.
CKBKTT AND FITZsIMMONS '
Testify "VITA OI 1 has unequaled merit tot
immediate relief of ell injuries incident to the
fistic arena": $1 bot.: 6, $5. You try it.
' VITA OIL CO., 1533 BUCHANAN ST.
EX-PRESIDKNT CLEVELAND *
Is -'lald-up" with RHEUMATISM. A course
of DR. SMITH'S ELECTRIC- MAGNETIC
BaTHi would cure "him at once. If you have
RHEUMATISM go at once to DR. SMITH'S
SANITARIUM, 1333 BUCHANAN ,.sT. . ; .
GOOD, CONSCIENTIOUS WOKK COUNTS
every lime. My strictly first-class 25-cenl
h:iirilr>'ssiii4 Is becoming . appreciated more and
more everyday. Hove got s me new switches,
b.-st quality; selling fast from $1 to $2. G.
LEDEKKR, 111 Stockton St.
Miss ALLHN, CORNS, INGROWING NAILS;
• new method. 620, Market st. (opp. Palace
Hotel), room 20.
r* KNTLEMAN OF MEANS WISHES TO
C^KNTLEMAN OF MEANS WISHES TO
\I correspond with lady In the sam« portion:
must be inclined to travel: object matrimony.
Address L.C.. box 41, Call Office. . . -
ADVICE t'RKK: DIVORCE LAWs A SPEC-
A laity: private; no fee without success; pro-
bate, insolvency, wills, collections, bills of sale'
damages, etc : private detectives: estab. 10 years.
G.W.JIOWE, af.y-at-law, 850 Market.cor.Stocktn
MISS OLLIE LAKE. CARD RKADER AND
magnetise Rooms 3 and 4, 309 Suiter. ;" .
T\O YOU SUFFER FKOM RHEUMATISM OR
xJ dyspepsia and want to be RHEUMATISM OR
dysi t-jisia mill want to be cured? inlormation
sent tree. DR. CUMMINGS, 303 Third st.
Ci RB TT-FITZBIMMONS FIGHT— A FEW
more choice uettts at the rim; and Pullman
berths left to fill up the party. Apply at onco to
ED HOM.vN or &AM DaNNENBAUM, 771 or
828 Market st. 'il-'ri'
PRIVATE nETKCrIVE WORK DONE REA-
-L sonab:e; 10 years' experience: hr-t. 10 to 12 M.,
2 t0 5, 7 toBp. m. G.K.Wi-.BsTER, 1027 Market.r.ti.
MAGMSCOPE - NEW PROJECTING MA-
i'J- chine; us'-s the kin otoscope llims; price re-
duced, $150. BACIGALCPI, 946 Markets!.
T\rALLPAPERFREE; NO CHARGE FOR IT:
'» painting, paper-hangi'ia, etc., by men, artists
In the line. MEKIGaN. 1302 Webster st.
(> I A i)UZih,N — rl.M£ I'ABlNclo ~f \vi«-
-<PI SON'S oallery. 1028 Market. .
IJIO OUTDOOR STKRhOPTICON SHOW EVE-
J> ry night cor. Market and Sixth sts.; artistic ad-
vertisements In living light:-' promoters of bust-
Bess. Consult OWL ADV. CO.. 1 140 Market st.
HH FSC HMIDT. SANITARY PLUM BKR,
. gasrltter. b23Goident*ate ay. Tel. .Sutler 471.
STROZYNSKI. 24 (GEARY ST., EXPERT
. European hairdressers and cutters; employs
no apprentices; prices equal toothers.
VEGRANT WILLHKAK OF SOMETHING
Cl • to his advantage by calling upon LAN
1' to his advantage by calling tipoiiLAXMV
C. BABIN, 4i3 Kearny si. .r. .- ,
PAINTING, .WHITENING. PAPER I NO;'
lowest estimates: best work guarante'd: wall pa-
per 3croll. EDWARDS, 1200 Webster, cor. Eddy.
MI'S KEKGAN (FORMERLY WITH G. LEIV
erer) has opened a stylish hatrOreulng parlor;
latest effects -.price 25c. 124 O'Farrell. nr. Powell.
C 97 jUONTGOMEkY &>!.. BRANCH OFFICE
< '— ( btTujf Call; waul ads aud butucriptloiu
taken.
L.ARTINUTON'3 SCHOOL OF MAGAZINE
I and Newspaper Illustration: particulars as 10
terms, etc 424 Pine si.: Illustration* :uruisheJ
for magazines, newspapers, etc ■ - r .
KUPTUKK AM) PILKS CUKKD: NO PAY
XV nntil cured: send for book. URS. MAN*
YIELD & POKTKKKIELD. 83S Market st. ' T
ELICIKIC LIGHTS IN KVKKY ROOM:
Winchester linnsc. 44 Third st., nr. Market:
100 rooms. 26c to $1 60 ler nigh:: $1 50 to ft) per
week ; free bus and baggage to and ironi the terry.
< 'M.OAKS, FUKj> A-> il uflTa I.KiAILKD At
\J wholesale prices. J-'nctorr. 20 sunsonie ■ •
- 1
' •• CLAIRVOYANTS. -s •;•
VjMK. DR THOMAS, SCIENTIFIC KEVKA L-
i»l er by »g;s and cards; tells enilro life, pas'.,
present, future; consultations on ail affairs: noth-
Ins; excepted; name* given; good advice: : sura
help; restores lost lova by sympathy: mistake im-
possible: fee 91: letter $2. ' 92» Post su, nr L&rkln.
MME. LENEMAK, >ORTUNES TOLD BY
planets: predicted passenger steamer on
island: sure tips on prize-fight. 815 Mission St.
/1 RACE TEIBEN, CARD- READER, FROM
VJ Denver, just returned. Address 120 a Eddy
St., parlor 2. >■
ETHEL OKAY, CLAIRVOYANT. CARD
reader and palmist. 1169 Mission st. between I
(seventh and Eighth.
ME. LKOGETTK, CLAIRVOYANT: BUSl-
ness a I vice: friendship res ored; one price,
25c. ' 311 Tebama su, near Fourth.
VI RS. MAYO >TEERS," 112y 2 OAK; CIHCLE
i'l Tuesday, 8 p. m., Thurs., * p. M.: readings $1.
MMX. HANSKN, PALMIST. CAKU-RKADKR;
past, present and future; 23c 148>Utb. r.5.
G\PSY LIFK- I.EADKK, 3 St-VKNH ST.;
ladies 25c, gents 60c; all questions answered.
Vf Mi; SYBILLK TELLS FROM CKaDLK TO
A'l grave; pictures glven:lndles 25c: bl4 l''arr«ll.
KNOW THY FUTURE; CAKDS READ
truthfully. 419 Geary st., room 22:
MISS MELVILLE,; WELL-KNOWN CLAlR-
voyant, 51 Fifth st. ; water readings a specially.
MRS. DR. DEAN, MEDIUM AND MAUNET-
-Ist. 1031 Market St., room 6.
A I ME. RAVEN A READS LIFE FLUENTLY;
1 bnslness advice; namesgiven; 25c up.s Fourth
ME. MORKAI', BKST CLAIRVOYANT AND
medium in city: fee 25c up. 764 Howard su i
■ : — ' 1
MISS HARRISON, PALMIST; MaGNETIST:
removed irom 223 Post to 120y 2 Geary, r. 2.
MISS INA , COHEN, PARISIAN CARO-
reader and mngnetist. R. 12, 109 Grant aye. ■'
■ SPIRITUALISM. •''.' Vt:
MMX. OSMAN, SPIRITUAL TRANCK MEDI-
-11m; lire readings, love sftdlrs, business invest-
ments, ml nine speculations a speciality. 838 Mission
\l US. C. J. MKYKR, CIR. TO-NIGHT. TUKB..
i*« Wed. and Fri., 'i p. m. ; 10c ; trance clr., Mon. &
Frt eve., 2ic; sittings dally. 326 McAllister su
RAND TEST CIRCLE MONDAY EVENING
VJ by Mrs. C. Cernciius, 8 Mason; Bluings daily.
MRS. LEWiS, WRITING MEDIUM AND
clairvoyant; hours, 12 to 5. 419 Third st. '
pHOt'KBsOR FRKD EVANS, THE NOTED
X slate-writer, is located at 1242 McAllister st. 5
MRS. H. A. OIUFFIN-CiK. SUN. KVK.; 25c:
test mtg. Thur. eve.; stgs dally. 420 1/ Grove
M. *'KAM:i* l-'.KKPENDEN i' SLATE
writer. 118 Halsbt su; hours 9 until p. k,
. writer. 118 11 at li' st.; hours 9 until U p. m.
KS. / J. WHITNEY. CLAIRVOYANT,
trance test n:edlum & nfo reader. 218 Stockton
HYPNOTISM. V
HYPNOTISM CUKES WHEN ALL ELSE
falls: also taught. Hypnotic Inst.. 6 O'Farrell.
•'V V HOUSES.
1(\ HORSES FOR • SALE:' ALSO : WAGONS,
4U buggies, carts, harness; Grand Arrade Horsa
Market, 827 sixth st. : auction sales every Wed-
nesday. SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.' -
ANTED— GOOD HORSE AND HARNESS
and butcher-carl; cheap. Cor. Stanyan and
'Waller s.s. ■-•.;;.; . - ' '. ' : '--: .r^'/-
"L^OR SALE CHEAP— 4O YOUNG WORK AND
r bnslness horses; also 10 mules. Cor. Fifteenth
and Valencia bis. ;,_ . : .
C A HEAD OF HORSES SUITABLE FOR ANY
OUbusiness 900 to 1600 pounds. Oid Turk-sL car
stables, 1301 Turk; team of lance young mules. :
fWWI bET NKW AM* t-tCON U-HAN HAH-
OUUness: all kinds: buggy. wagon, carts, sarra/
Arockawar: 40 cheap horses, l&tb, and VnlencU.
I AKGE STABLE AND LOFT FoR KENT
Jj cheap. Linden aye., neur Vanjtfess. . ■■
ALL KINDS OF TURNOUTS TO LKT AND
for sale. M.F. BO YCE'S livery stai.le. 88 12 th st
WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
UTTER. J-.GGS AND PRODUCE WAGON:
new and second-hand wagons; cheap. 1340
Turk su . -.:.'- :" ■••■;■; ,''.■' •■•■•-' ■ •' '
TV <' WAND SECOND-HAND BAKER, LA UN-
1N dry and milk wagon; also line top buggy and
rorkawoy. »V! 8 Harrison st.
\ ■ STORAGE.
REDUOID KATES, FUKNITUkE, PIANOS,
1 XV liousthulu goods, 6.c. : J. M. i-iElit'ii, 735 iiku
EDCCATIOXAI,
T UCKHAKDT'S<X)MBINEn ASSAY OFFICE I
XJ and School . of - Instruction (Incorporated); i
PKAi TICAi. and DIVIDUAL instruction in {
the latest improved methods In. assaying, analysis,
electroplating. CYANIDE procesi, etc.; SPECIAL
ATTENTION given to caieful a suy and analysis
of ores, water* etc. 26 O'FarreU st. : elevator. 1. g
A* SCHOOL OF PHYSICAL "CULTURE AND
J\. Elocution. 1216 Octavla st., fan Francisco.
MIKS ELIZA MACKINTOSH, r unil of Professor
G. W. Baynham, Glasgow, Scotland, and graduate
of the: School of Oratory, Philadelphia, Pa.,
teacher. Office days. Friday p. m , Saturday a. m.
••/ UKSIVE SHORTHAND" ISTHK KASIK-.T,
; \J: best and cheapest; -vowels and consonants
Joined: no positions; descriptive pamphlet free;
i also PUn an. Graham, Munsou and Marsh writers
I corrected and speeded: tim-class ref oreuces. KOS-
CUK KA.Mh>, room 70. Flood building.
KALD S . BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 IHJST-
: Bookkeeping, business practice, shorthand,
Bookkeeplne, fcusiDes* practice, shortnand,
Urpln?, telegraphy, languages. Kngllsh branches,
»;ec:rical engineering: «■ M teachers; 15.00U graUu-
aies; day and evening sessions; catalogue.
AYKES 1 , THK LEADING COLLEGE, 32*
Mont«ora<»rr St.; individual Instructloa la
shorthand, typlni;. bookkeeping, telegraphy, etc.
, lite scholarship $50: low rate* per week and mo.
TAMMEIiING, LISPING, ALL IMPKRFKC-
tions of speech, positively cured: voice build-
ing. Individual instruction; references from best in
California. PROF. H.K DAVIS", 1608. Market.
BELASCO'S LYCEUM SCHOOL OF ACTING—
XJ Private theutrlrals arranged ; pupils hearsed
on stage. R. b and 12, 1.0.0. F. block, 7th and Mkt.
LEO COOPER. SCHOOL OF ACTING AND
Opera, rantomlme and Acting; study of reper-
toire and vocal music. 81 4 Geary st.
I?NOINKERING SCHOOL; -: MECH.. 1 ELEC
Xlici\il, mining, survey, : assay, nrchlt., X ray.
tauaht; e5.1804. A. VAN DER NAILLEN.933 Mkt
STIKUL'S SHORTHAND AND BUSINESS
College. 723 Market st.; students trained; office
situations secured: lowest rate* or credit for tuition
CONSULT THE LUCKIEST AND BEST ME-
\J dium; 26c; one price. 41 Minna st., basement.
MME. WALTERS OK TEHAMA ST.; CARDS;
ludk-s 25c, gents 50c. 911 Mission, nr. Sixth.
SINGING TAUGHT— NE W ITALIA N
method: 8 lvssoni. $4. 417 Mason st.
ITIIER LESSONS GIVE v BY MAX MAIER,
l-i 526 '1 urk St., bet. Lar«iu and Polk. ■ •
DttOF. LOUIS JIEKKI-.'VIOLIN, MANDOLIN,
X guitar, cornel; reasonable. 225 beary, ur. Powell.
BOOKKPNG. WHITNO, A KITHHTC, GKAMR,
day night: no daises; 95 month. 845 Mission.
SINOING; PIANO: PARIS GRADUATE;
French, < ,ci muti languages: $-' mo. 109 '1 aylor.
UITAK, MANDOLIN. PiANo AND VU(Ja-
lessons, S3 mo. Mary Westhan<(. 89 Fifth.
O DESCRIPTIONS AND WANT ADS FOR THE
0 Call taken at brunch office, 339 Hayes at.;
open until U:3O o'clock.
MEDIC AX.
NEW PROCESS— PROGRESS IN
i-' medical science: acknowledged by all medi-
cal faculties; no medicine, Instruments or worth-
less pills used; every woman her own physician;
all female troubles confidentially and discreetly,
treated, no matter what, cause: can be. seat and
used at home: ■ restores always In one or two days:
all cases qua anteed; travelers helped; never
known to fa I; Hie genuine New Procesi ca 1 be
bad only fit my ollUe: any other piocess is an Imi-
tation und worthies--, as it is my own Invent! n,
advertised by me for 25 years. DR. POI'PKB,
318 Kearny st.
ALL Cases OK monthly SUPPRESSION
(from whatever caus-) restored in a lew
hours: safe arid sure at any time;' Instant relief for
travelers; home in confinement: best caru and
privacy: regular physician; 30 years' successful
practice: 'my eel ebrateJ remedies for monthly
suppression never fail: every case guaranteed
suitatlon fne, confiden lal; hours 10 to 5; pills
MRS. DX. WYKTIi, 916 Post St., near Larkln.
DU. J.H. JO-SELYN.THE GREAT SPECIAL-
ist, still offers his va uabie services to the un-
fortunate. With a mind ma ured and earlcned by
studies of an advanced order, there is hardly a
disease In the catalogue of human ills be cannot
treat to a perfect c re » Ladles, he Is always ready
to assist you. His knowledge has been strength-
ened by extensive experience. .No case peculiar
to your delicate organism Is beyond his sure con-
trol. His fouia'u monthly medics are sure and
safe In their eff ct*. His tried and valuable reme-
dies for lost manhood. are never-falling in their
action, and arc warranted tor both youn< and old.
He excels all others in the cure of private diseases,
ever 5 ) years of practice enab es him to warrant
I a cure lv all cases. Consultation parlors. iOti
I Market st. Call or write direct to 906 Market st.,
i rooms 11 and 12. • ■ •
j "lAK. FOCLKI'S FRENCH CAPSULES- A
.guaranteed absolute cure for. all female dis-
eases (no matter what cause): positively safe and
sure: no danger or after effects: tak£n In time It
slso acts a* a unlive: pried $1 60 per box;
scat fie.- by mail on iev«»i>l tit ■ ptlite. ■■ WALUbiK
BROS., S3 Grant aye. ~.
.A bl'RB . CURE FOR ALL " FEMALE DIS-
'J\. eases from whatever cans*;- a home la con-
finement with every comfort: satisfaction guar-
anteed by MRS. UWYER, 228 Tv« at. •
PROCESS THAT IS PERFECTLY HARM-
less: never falls In any case of monthly sick-
ness, no m otter what cauie; no elec.rlclty bum-
bug or other dangerous methods: money In every
case refunded if a cure is not effected: travelers
helped Immediately; years' experience; home in
confinement with sanitarian convenience. Con-
sult free the only reliable physicians, DR. AND
MRS. DA VIES, 14 McAllister st., next Hibernla
Bank: hours, 9 a. m. to 5 and 7 to 8 p. v.
PROCESS THAT NEVKK FAILS TORE-
A PROCESS THAT NEVKK FAILS TO RK-
store every case of monthly sickness from
whatever cause In a few hours when medicines
and others have failed; no instruments, used:
many years' experience: every cas» guaranteed;
advice free; terms reasonable; first-class private
home for confinement. MRS. DR. DALEY, 1126
Market at., over the Owl Drugstore.
88. GOODWIN. SPECIALIST. LADIES
MRS. bOODUI.V, SPECIALIST, LADIES
near or far: safe, quick cure guaranteed, any
disease or complaint; home for patients; best skill.
free diagnosis; low fees: self-cure. 401 Van Ness
R. AND MR*. \V GENER, 528 EDDY ST.:
private home; every comfort: separate rooms
before and during confinement; female complaints
skillfully treated; regular physician: quick reiief
for travelers: Lest care; lern.s moderate: babies
adopted in good families; consults! free; pills f VS.
A LPEAUS FRENCH PILLS— A BOON TO LA-
J\. dies with female troubles; nodanger; safeand
sure: 9*2 60 express C. O. D.; don't delay until too
late. ObGOOD BROS. Coast Agents. Oakland;Cal.
T THE PEOPLE'S ONE DOLLAR MEDICAL
Institute all rases treated ana medicines fur-
-11 sin d for SI : call or write. 1029y a M rketaU,
bet Sixth and Seventh, san Franciscu, Cal.
DU PKAK'A FEMALE REGULATING PILLS;
safe and efficient emmenazo^ue: $1 per box.
I RICHARDS <& CO.,druggists, 406 Clay su.sole agts.
ont fail to CONSULT dv. JORDAN AT
bis museum, 1051 Market st.: his 30 years
tnccessful practice Is a guarantee of fair treatment;
the worst cases treated satisfactorily by mall.
UNsURPAHiED REMEDIES FOR FEMALE
troubles, diseases, iIKS.Dit. PUETZ,264JA4tti.
HOME. A FRIEND AND MOTHER'S CARK.
. MRS. DR. FUNKE. 1416 Eighth St., Alameda,
1 vr. hall, 14 MCALLISTER STREET, nkaii
It Jones. Diseases of women and children.
■:■:'.* J: •: : -■••DENTISTS: '
FULL"BET OF TEETH, $7: WARRANTED 5
years; painless extraction: see our new combina-
tion plate; thinnest, lightest, coolest plate made;
warranted 10 years: fillings. 50c; crow 93 .0.
CHICAGO DENTAL PARLORS, 24 Sixth street
riKOOME DKNTAL ASSOCIATION, 769 MAR-
\J ket, bet. 3d and 4th; gas specialists; painless
extract ng,* with gas, $1: plates, ,ss up; till, $1 up.
$7 FULL SET TEETH; BHitjT MAKE;
«1P I ■ kept lv repair; extracting free; rllllnES.BOc;
crowns, $3 50. Paclflo Dental Parlors, 18 Third.
DR. J. J. LEEK, 1126 MARKET Sl'.; OPEN
evenings: Sundays til! noon. :•,; . -  ;
UOSITIVr.LY PA IN LESS EXTRACTION. DR.
X HARDING, SOOSutter Cor. Powell; iri.malns37&
COLTON DENTAL AbsOClA i lON, 806 -*AU-
ket st. DR. UHAULKi W. DKcKKK. :■:
*CU7 A SET FOR 'IJ-.ETH— WARRANTED A3
♦IP I good as can be made; filling *1 .DR hIMM^
dentist, 930 Market su, next Baldwin Theater. ,
"PAINLESS EXTRACTION, Me: CROWN
X bridge work a specialty: plates 95 up: 18 yean
experience. K. L. WALSH, 1). U.S., 815% Uearr.
DX. LUDLUM HlLu'l443 UARKKT IST, NX.
U Eleventh; no charge -. for extracting when
plates are made; ■ old plates i made over like new;
teeth irom $8 per set: extracting 50c: gas given. - :
LJJi'i," Or 'i-KJiiii WITiioU 1' a r^Ai4i. .tut
0 11. ii. Young, 1841 Polk su
DX. GJtOHUK W. LKEK. TriK UENUINK
Leek dentist,' discoverer of painless extractioa
•nd patentee of ' improved ' bridge work or Metis
without any, plate, moved from 6 to 20 cr VarreiUs.
ALL ' WOKK "■; ; UK ASON AMD' WAiT
ranted. DR. J. W. KEY. 1320 Market at.
-. ■ •'■"/<■, ■■■;- ''' LOST. .. ■ ;,■■":'.
l~~ost- white FOX tekp.ier; ANSWERS
1 j name of Jack: red ribbon on collar: 4 mon hs
old. Return 1533 Suiter st. and receive re«v. rJ.
T OST— SAIUKDAY, ON MARKKT ST. OK
Xj Mechanics' Pavilion, one diamond stud: lib-
eral reward.  1408 El is st. .
N HAIGHT ST. OR CLIFF HOU E TRAIN
Sunday, umbrella. :'J>J3a 1 ell st.: reward.
LADIE^' GO a WATCH WITH HEART FOB.
Please n> uru 10 3038 Sixteenth su, and re-
ceive I beral reward. ••• . .
■
T OST-PUO BITCH NAMED QUEKNIE:
XJ harness on. :' Return 274 Tehama; liberal re-
ward. ■'i;;;.:.':"-:: .V?\T ;:",'-./ .'...?..■ .'.„■/■, -.■, _<■>
RANCH OFFICE OFTHK CALL. 167 M.Vl'tf
sui want ndi ana subscriptions taken. -.-,
CITY REAL ; ESTATE. i
ONLY 1 LEFT— NEW HOUSES, "JUST COM-
pleted; sunny side Cole St.. near Waller: 10
rooms; large lot, 125 feet deep; . s.reet to be bitu-
minized. Apply on premises. .-■■';
COUNTRY REAL KSTAtK.
PRODUCTIVE VINEYARD: A BARGAIN;
-I would exchange. W. B. LAKE, room 70. Co-
umblan build lg. . •
SAN MATKOLOT, 100x180, GRIFFITH AYE.:
O cheap. . Add res H. P.. tiu7 Capp st. ■ .
VI cMAH AN ESTATE .
COLONY TRACT
Is beine sold in small holdings to actual settlers
at reasonable prices and on most favorable terms;
no land in the world is ri her than : h.. t in the val-
ley of the Kutahcr-tk; none surpass in fer-
tl i y of soil and beauty of lo?at'on the McMahan
rancfao, adjacent to the town of Winters. , ;
' Formerly a part -o; the old Wolfsklll grant,
known far and wide as the very be,t tract of land
in California. Putnh creek flows through the Jlc-
Mahau tract and every foot of the 4000 ncreg now
bei'B subdivided . will produce nnytbing, from
cabbages and onions to ornnges. lemons and pome-
tran. The location Is hit. 75 miles iroin San
Francisco and is In the midst of as beautiful a
country us one could wish to see. It Is un Ideal
region for the intelligent, industrious, well-to-do
houie-seeker.
Send for maps and full information.
BOVEE. TOY & SONNTAG.
30 Montgomery St., S. F.
TirE ARE BELLTNG HAT SPLENDID NUT
tt orchard of the Hatch-Armstrong Nut and
Fruit Company; 20-acre lots: all full-bearing
trees; don't fall to inquire about this.
BOVEE, TOY <t SONNTAG,
30 Montgomery st
AIO-ACKE PRUNE ORCHARD: OX LEVEL,
j.'v rich bottom land: fronting on Alameda Creek,
in Alaiueda County. ■
, . . BOVEE, TOY <fe SONNTAG,
30 Montgomery st.
THE 1500-ACRE GOAD TRACT. IN ALA-
Kieau County, Is coin.: in subdivisions of 25
acres up as low as ?.>5 per acre; send for map
and description.
BOVEE. TOY & SONNTAG,
30 Montgomery st. •
Blue LAKES summer KESORT. WITH
260 acres and all building improvements is
off red for sale or exchange; this property is clear,
of all debt: submit an offer.
BOVEE, TOY <fc SONNTAG.
80 Montgomery st.
A SUBDIVISION OF LITTLE ORCHARD
homes, only 30 miles from this city; 10 acres
up in. full bearing orchard:- fronting stream,
county road and railroad; semi for map*.
I BOVEE, TOY & SONNTAG.
. 30 Montgomery tit ..
ALMOST GIVEN AWAY.
. 616 acres, $25 ptr acre; near San Leandro, Ala-
meda County; divided by stream running all the
year; nous- 10 looms;, bar and nunierom out-
houses: 100 acres now In wheat; all fenced: a.
portion can be irrigated; stock and tools go with
the place; an easy drive from Oakland.
.. ;■ BOViiK, TOY & .-ONNTAG,
• ■ bO Montgomery st.
RARE OPPORTUNITY— AT HALF VALUE,
$25 to $3.> uer acre; I'leasanton, Alnmeda
C unty. li. J. DIGGLE. 69 Columbian building,
Market st., San Francisco.
AT HALF PRICE, VINEYARD IN ALA-
meda county; 7 years old: in tracts or 5
acres up; sold by order of court to settle estate:
part cash; Immediate pi oflt: fullest investigation
invited. Administrator, box 136. ■
GOOD LAND: »3 TO S4O AN ACRE. M. M.
GRIFFIN, cottonwood, Shasta County, Cal.
*t AN ACRE; 1290 ACRES TIMBER; GOOD
«jr«J for stock or fiult; plenty water. S., box 40.
SEND FOR ILLUSTRATED PAMPHLET OF
California Inmli for salt) cv H. FRANCIS,
rooms 69-71, Chronicle building, t-au Francisco,
T ITTLE HOMES LLOSK '1O TOWN; IM-
JLj proved; easy terms; also 4 to 12 acre pieces '
on 8. and 1 ■ years' credit. D. H. TW ING. So-
noma City: every Monday lit 632 Market st.. *. F.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
FINE WEBER PIANO, $250: AN ELEGANT
Hardman and several other s Iglitly used
pianos at spec bargains this week; a tine sym-
phony at low price; excellent or«au, $50. THE
J. DEWING CO., second floor. .Flood .building.
Fourth and Market sts. ; r ■ : .;■.-..--
-4 BSOLUTELY THE OLDEST AND LARGEST
A. house " west or = Chicago is KoIILEH »t
CHASE'S. 26, 28 and ;.O i•' i- arrell si.; pianos, or-
gans aud ail other musical instruments, or all
grades and prices; terms easy: prices lowest:
every possible done to please aud satisfy the
customer. - . .
CTUALLY THE BEST BARGAINS IN Pl-
anos; monthly payments from »5 up: deliv-
ered free with stool and cover: correspondence
solicited. THE F. W. SPENCER COMPANY,
salesrooms 933. Market at., opp. Mason; estab
lished over 20 years. 
ONA FIDK REDUCTION IN PRICES—
Haloes. Knabe, Bush & Gerts and others; sec-
ond-hand pianos from $100 up. I W. C HAMIL-
'ION. successor to A. JL. Bancroft <fc Co., 324 x'ost.
WHY PAY REN l' FOR A PIANO WHEN
the same mon-hly payments will purchase
one at SUE}. JUAN, CLAY & CO.'S.
T LESS THAN COST: ENTIRE EMPORIUM.
AT LESS THAN COST ENTIRE EMPORIUM
music depl.: Shaw. Cnlckt-rin?) 9235: Sohmer,
$245;Stelnway,9195;S3up no int. Helne.l36 Kills.
A DMINISIRATOR'S SALE — MU»T teii.LU
A pianos at tin cue use reduction for cash or oa
Ins ailments. EaTON KSTATK. 735 Market.
milK BKBT PIANOS OF EVKRY GRADE,
1 from Memway down, can be found at bHKR-
MAN. CLAY A CO.'&
•fit - 'l\ PIANO FOR SALE: DECKER
-«JU. Bros.' upright: cost $500. Apply 836
Pine st.
PIANO FOR SALE: CHEAP. - INQUIRE AT
x saloon, 504 Broadway. . ,
AN ELEGANT WEBER' SACRIFICED THIS
week. 809 Market su, toom 12.
dj.l CC NEW UPRIGHT, STOOL. SCARF;
«JPJL I O. warranted 5 yrs. BRUENN'S,22BPpsu
djj IOA HAZKLTON UPRIGHT, STOOL,
V i — '-'• cover; $5 lnstallmts. 221 Leavenwoitb.
EST BARGAINS IN THK CITY FOR THK
BEST BARGAINS IN THK CITY FOR THK
next 6 days at MAUVAIS', 769 Market st.
UR RENT CONTRACT/ PLAN ENABLES
every family to have a fine new piano. SHER-
MAN, CLAY & CO., Kearuy and Suiter sts. ' -
AHGAIN. FINK LARGE UPR IGHT.CHK AP
SCHMITZ. 16 McAllistur.next Hibemia Bank.
AT 6Hh.RMAN, CLAY <fc CO.'S ONLY WILL
' A you find a stock of new Stein way pianos
ORNUNG'S • PIANO; MOST PERFECT;
brilliant and powerful tone. 216 Past st. _ 
WU. BADUKIt. SOi.E A"KNT FOR HALLET
.& Davis and Francis Bacon pianos. 415 Sacta
Fl ANO - SOLD AT SHERMAN, CLAY <£ CO.'S
Xon very easy payments. ' : ." v"V
BYRON MALZV. 308 PoST ST.—^OHlll!,t;
Newbv & Kv»a<. Brims and other pianos. ■.
w Ui't.lvlvJi'. VlUi.liMs ZlTlli-.RS, OLD* NEW
0 H. M Ui.LKR. niak**r n-p-irer 2 i » ham place.'
FOR BALK-MJSt"ELLA>'KOUS.
rrvri CHICKS: 100 EACH; HATCHED BY
OUU^chule'H self-regu atlng hoi-water incu-
bator: best In the world. 1213 Valencia su .
Q, I£» DOMES'! SEWING MACHINE; IN
tjp lD. good order. 1915 Mission, nr. Fifteenth.
"Treat C dank pups: thoroughbred."
T 810 Elizabeth St.. W. of Castro. ; ', i
OH SALE— FRESH MILCH COW. INQUIRE
at 720 I our.eenth at , bet. Church and Sanchez.
WO COWS ND CALF, ONE FRESH. 2637
Harrison su . ; - > . ' .
OMEbTIC SEWING MACHINE: SIX
drawers; $30. 2408 Vi s• Sacramento sL, rear,
downstairs.
AND LAUNDRY MACHINES; NEW AND
second-hand ; , tools, supp les, etc. '766 Bryant
ULTON : IRON WORKS ■ ENGINE; BO-
horn- power. WHITE, 516 Mission st.
riOFFEE MILL. SCALES. LETTER HRES3,
V stand desk, money till, safe; cheap. 102 Clay.
|iOILERS,ENGIMi;s,2I>HANi> MACHINERY
XJ water-pipes. Mclntosb & Wolpman, 137 Beale. ■
i.ARS, SHOWCASKS,- COUNTERS, SHKLV-
-1 i Ing, etc., bought arid sold. 1063 Mission; nr. 7th.
T AI.GE ; DOUBLE COMPARTMENT COIN
| i buiiksnf'; chea,). 8 Mission su. ' >~ ->
. ARS, BACK, r BARS, MIRRORS, BHOW-
t ' cases, counters, linoleum, " office furniture,
store and . office furniture and fixtures, new and
second hand. J. N> ON AS, 1017-lUl»-1021-10aj
Mission st., above Sixth. ;:. -.;.; ■ ,  /- ,^ ; . ;,';■ .'.- '■.; . ;.
NEW JfcLMWOOD RANGES ABE THE BEST.
i\ W. K. RAY MFU. CO., 12 California su ; . .;,i .;-,"
«
ONK SMALL MEDIUM AND LARGE-SIZE
tire and burglar proof snfp 109-111 Marker a-
•• ,- I-11YSIC1ANS. , ■,.'.
T»R. c c. o'donnell, 1206 market, RES.
Is 2801 -'stii st. ; ttUenaea oi womvu »»i>eciaU;r.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— qOS BROADWAY.
. OAKLAND i:j-:.\l, ESTATE.
HOMES IN OAKLAND . ' •
$:1850— Elegant new house, 8 ' rooms: fine lo-
cation: large lot, 50x140: would cost $500 to du-
plicate: easy terms. " ■; < •
$2600— New 2--tory house, 7 rooms: worth
$3500: $i'soor $500 cash
$ 1650— Modern ba> -window, 5-room cottage near
station; good neighborhood; mortgage or $11:0
can remain. • . - - " -, . . - , . .
?10,600— ' levant place at llarpmont; c03t?25,-
-000; 6 acres; finest grounds .iron I Oakland:
own r a I. on-resident; will sell or exchange
$8000— -ightlv fruit place at Hay war will ex-
change. . .-■■-.■ -• •■ ■ , ■ . • .
S-000— Pretty, modern, well-built fottage: large
lot: cost $ 000: can borrow 1800 for purchaser: ;
selltr wants cash. WILLI AM J. .I.\G i- K,
' . ; 4' 0 KiKhth Bt.. Oaklanrl.
fIJI^CA A BAHGAiN; iflSO IAMI, 5.6 ofr |
«II)JL ZOU. per month: new 5-room Que«-n Anne
bouse, 2 stories and basement: lot 30x125: see
plans. WM. P. TODD. 10 Broadway. Oakland.
OUSE, 9 ROOMS AND B \TH, JUST COM-
p'.eted: modern style and H Ish; sunny side;
lot . 40x100; f ur blocks from local station ; 11 vu
blocks from Broadway ; b. rif .in: easy install-
niems. HKRoN & HOLCO:-*:. 1050 Broadway,
corner Kleventh St.. Oakland. ' .
—
\VT ANTED— PLACK IN ELMHURST IN Ex-
VT change for very lxrze lot and modern 5 room
cottaee In Lori n: price (2250: no mortgage. Ap-
ply immediately to A. J. t-VYUKK & CO., 487
Ninth St.. Oakland. ■ -
<s>7'TO -$150 FOR CHOICR BUILDING
up I O lots la the town of jfttchbnrir; a new sta-
lion established near Oakland, on the Haywardi
and San Leandro local line, by the Southern Paella
Company;, only 45 minutes from San Francisco ;
and 8 minutes from Oakland; electric-cars every i
en minutes; term* to suit buyers. Apply to
C M. itL'NKU, owner, t>J5y a WasUiiujtou St.,
Oakland Cal. .
IHE A PEST AND BEST IN AMERICA-TOT?.
\J WEEKLY CALL, sent to any address la the
United states or Canada one year for. 31 50, post-
ace free. * • , ■
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS
• JITiAMEDA i«t.lL FSTATH!. '
C HOICK CORNER LOT ON CLI.VTOX AYE :
\J will I u:.il houses to suit purchases' on easy
terms; choice property near Ches. nut-street sta-
tion: only ?lh 60 a front fool. T. F. HAIKU,
1803 Park «.. Aiameaa.
"L-OR SALE-TWO HOMKS: LOTS 40x125 AND
X 40x115; cottakes of six rooms: sewerage com-
plete: street work i. one; also two io son Schiller
sr .. , 30x108. .B. lAS, 1823 Pacific aye., Ala-
meda. ;'i-\ .' '
©1 (\C\ft LOT 35x100: COTTAGE 4 ROOMS,
tjp I UUU, bath and stable. !
$1750— Modern cottage of 5 rooms and bath; any
terms; near station. - •
92800— Lot 40x1*50: beautiful new cottage Of 6
roouis and ba<h; $200 cash. $25 per month.
•36Q0— Handsome new co tage, 7 rooms and
bath; NE. corner: Installment plan. 1 A.v ■
2650— 2-story house; 6 rooms and bath.
!i*3-<<o— --stor/ house, 9 looms and bath; corner.
¥4000— "..'-story i.ous--, 7 rooms and bath; large
lo;: nenr station: *ny terms. ■ *
$5500— Elegant new 2-story house, 10 rooms and .
bath; 10.10x150; fine neighborhood; near sta-
tion. ;.; . • • * :/ ": •;;*:.-.
Building lots at a bargain: bouses to let. ,
H. P. MORE AL & CO., 1482 Park St.. Alameda.
<J> 9^l A FRONT FOOT; 100x150; STRKET.
tiTZ. X work all done: on a main avenue: 2 blocks
from Willow-street station. W. B. FITCH, Bay,
Station. Alameda. or MAN LY0N,215 Kearny
si., Ban "Francisco.--
1 ARGAINK-830 P FOOT; LO ON NORTH.
J 1 side San Antonio avr>., near Grand st. ■ ' -
$] 250-50x160; -an Joss aye., nr.. Willow st.
$1750 — 50x150 new modern house. ,5 rooms
and bath: uur.u aide ut street: must be sold at
once. v ■'-■ -•■;;%.-* . '
Many other sacrifices.
- --■• '■".:■ AL«MKD\ LAND CO..
1500 Park r-.. Alameda.
AIAIIKDA KOOMS ■ AXD HOUSES. '
UltOZ. FIRST-CLASS MODERN HOUSK; IN '
UdOO. best repair; 8 rooms: bath: conserva-
tory: lawn; chicKen yard;' splendidly locate 1.
20b7 San Jose aye., ' Alameda,' or inquire H. A.
ITU. 27 Market st.
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
MODERN HOUSE, 9 ROOMS, 50 FEET OR ICO
feet frontage, for sale; or will exchange for
San Francisco property. _ K. X.. box 90. Call Office.
BERKELEY HOUSES TO LET.
ELK ANT BROOM HOUSE :MODKRN COX-
*J veniences; re it, including water, $30. E. R.,
box 95, Call office.
PROPERTY to EXCHANGE.
i) LUTSON ELEVENTH AV^TTnKAiT?oTnt
— Lobog, to exchange lor ranch or house and lot
H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market st.
crvrv HOUSES, LOTS, RANCHES aND BUBI-
O\J\J ness places. H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market
flfcOnfl KQUITY IN NICK CUTTAGK AND !
«IrOvU $200 in cash to exchange for most any-
thing. E. B. RaBB, 1310 East Eleventh st., Oak*
land. . ,
OKND FOR OUR LIST OF ORCHARD HOMKS
Oforsaln. W«'O><TKll A WHrTl'nV, >»nVJiwwL
PROPERTY WANTED. f,
I WANT TO BU i FOR — POT CASH CITY
busini'ss or in'ome property under 30.000;
state particulars and price. R, P., box 135, Ca.L
\\r ANTF.D TO BUY AN IMPROVED RaNCH
Vt from $1000 to $2003 in Napa or Alameda
County. Address C 1)., box 76, Call <<fHce.
: MONEY TO LOAN.
A LOANS ON FURNITURE OR PIANOS. ;
. In S. F., Oakland or Alameda, at lowest rates;
without removal: no commissions: no delays.
J. NOON AN, 1017 to 1023 Mission »t,, above Sixth.
telephone Jessie 41.
A LIBERAL ADVANCES ON DIAMONDS
. jewelry, sealskins and silverware; interest
low. Cut-Rate Loan Ollico,"7 Flood building, 809
Market st.
fl£«_mrv rum at 6V3 per cent on city
tjpOUU.UUU real estate; also Oakland; estates,
lite insurance, second mortgage, any sura. Man-
hattan Loan Co., 10 Mills building, ground floor.
Hn.hLV KIioPKCTABLE AND PRIVATK
place to obtain the most liberal advances on
diamonds and jewelry at 'the very lowest ratu.
Baldwin Jewelry Store, 948 Market.
NY AMOUNT; IST, 2D:OR 3DMORTMAOKS.
estates, undivided interests, real estate in pro-
bate; furniture . and pianos without removal.
kcCOLGAN, 24 Montgomery St.. room 3.
(BtQO^ l\f\t\ AT BANK KATES: IiST AND
<jpO*SiU.UUU 2d mortgaees. estates, rents, etc.;
lend as low as $ 50. H. MURPHY, 628 Market st.
WHY PAY HIGH INT. ON SMALL LOANS?
We loan at 65c interest per mo. on each $100
on 2d mortgage; any security. Gold, box 4, Call.
©on f\f\f\ TO LOAN ON CITY RKAL E -
tJp^U.UUU tate; 6 percent. M. B. LEVY, 11
Montgomery, st. ■
ON FURNITURE; VERY LOW INTEREST;
AJ no commission SCRIBNEK. 7 City Hall aye.
LOANS OX REALESTATK: LOW Km' Ra i B
XJof interest. JaS. B. BROOK Pine, r 5B-59.
ON FURNITURE AND PIANOS; N() RE-
moval; low rates; private party. 219 Powell, r. 3.
ON PIANOS AND FURNITURE. WITHOUT
removal : very low interest. 116 McAHUter st.
"PUIVATK PAR* V LOANS ON ANY GOOD
X security, Interest tow. Add. j. W., box 45, Call.
ONKY .TO LOAN ON REAL ESTATE: ANY
amount. WILLIAMS, 214 Pine st., room 3.
<n.-(\ IO $50, 000: LOW *..>i' KAiiw: lM'ft ill
ig)O\J mortgage; tlator lnstlmnt. Dryden, 635 CaL.
ADVANCES ON DIAMONDS. JKWKIRY.j'.TO
Columbia Loan & <■ ollateral Office, a < rant aye.
CARPET , CLEANING.
fiARPETS CLEANED. RENOVATED LIKE
\J new. J. cQUEKN,4S3 Stevenson. Tel. 8.228.
CITY STEAM CARPET CLEANING WOKKI
deans, moves, lays carpets. U. H. STEVEN^
tour. 38 and 40 klghth St.; telephone South 350.
HEN YoU • BECOME Dl-UUSiEU WITH
*» poor work send toSPAULDINO'S Pioneer
pet-beating Works, 353-67 Tehama St.; tel. So. ix
■pARPKT-cLEANINO, 3c: LAYING, 8c; RUG
\J samples free; tel. Jessie 944. Stratton, 38th st.
A DVANCE CARPET-CLEANINU CO., 402
A butter: lei. Main 394. GEO. WaUOM, prop.
J WATTS, "reliable carpet-cleanlug renovtg. alter-
O . ation works. 40» McAllister. Tel. Jessie 321.
fiARPETH CLEANED A RENOVATED LIKK
V^^ew. 23 Tenth; tel. South 36. Mackintosh Co.
JE. MITCH ELL, CAKI'KT-v. LEANINU CO.
. 240 14th st. : cleaning 3o a yard. Tel. Mis. 74.
pONKLIN'S CARPET- BEATING iv WORK*
\J 333 Golden Gate aye. '.Telephone Kast 126.
5 PROFESSIONAL , CARDS. *; ■"'
"I OHN B. AiTK ISN" AND M AT/HICK L. ASHER,
attysatlaw, rtns. 515.516, 5 th floor. Parro.tbldg
JOHN E. RICHARDS, LAW OFFICES. JiOOili
0 2t> and i 27, Crocker - ouiiUlii*, ■ wl«i*ugu« Mjum
r ts, b«u iranciaco, Cat * , ; j
BlltTHiS — >URKH< — ULATHS.
[Birth, marriasrp and ilea.li notices sent b7 mal
will not bo lns-"rt«"fl Taey must be handed In at
either of tha publication olHcusund be indorsed
with the name and residence of jiewoiii authorised
to h&ve the same published.*]
BOKN. " '■"-'
WALLACE— In this city. March 2, 1897, to the
wift. of H. l> WblUc» him.
._ UA£,I).
Best. William Laim»e. Mrs. M. T.
Boga. ilar/ Q Lnum Clyde T.
Bradl«y, Csptdiu John Levy. Alri. Esther
ironin Jinifs . ■ Mastpnun, Mrs. Marr
Cosieilo. William H. •, McGinn, Mrs. Ellen
Kndei son. G. Edward s M Qulun, Aline M
Eust l Catherine Pine., I. Marie Octuvia
Fay, Delia Pe.er^on, Francis H.
Graney, -Mrs. C. ssher-jiari. Wll.lam W.
Uelsenhofer, Ida M. L. Smith, Charles C.
Jacob.l, ltauh.tel Stepu nsoc, Mrs. B.
Kr.OJs. <;iaus - Werner. hi.l,-
Livermore, Chftries E. Whlie, Mrs. Mary A.
/ Wright, Mm. i- ranees ■
BEST— In Rf>:io Nev., March 7, l-i97 William
Bast, beloved father of William Bes; Jr. of Los
' Ancelesaud i-dwin Best and Mrs. W. 1!. Gro-
ira'i of % s»u Frauouco, a native of Charleston,
. S. C, aged 68 years.
£3TNouceor funeral heroaftsr.
BRADLEY— In this city, -March 7, 1897. Captain
John Bradley, beloved husband of Annie Brad-
ley, and lather of Richard, John, Alexander.
Patrick. Annie and M try Brad.ey, a native of
Londonderry, Ireland, ajed 63 years.
BOGA-Inthts city. March 7. 1897, Mary Q.
Boga, a native or Cal.iorrna, aged 25 years.
CO-*TKI.LO-In San Jose, March 7, 1897, Will am
H. Costello, beloved husband of Jennie A., and
failn-rot Jennie Coste.lj, a native of Portland,
Me., aged 47 years 11 month and 7 days. [San
Dipko papers please copy.j ,3J^9k
4STFnenJB "and ucquumtancej are respect-
fully invited loaileim Hie funeral TO-MORROW
(Tuesday), at 1 o'clock p. si., from the par-
• lors of the United Undertake.^. 27 and 29 Fifth
street. Interment 1. o. O. t. Cemetery.
CROXIN —In this city. M«>r;h7, 1897. James be-
loveJ litHbaiiu of Mary Cronin, brother of Mrs.
B. i ashel, and br6ther-la-law of John, Maurice.
, Timothy. Michael and Helena Dnane, a native
of Heraertsiown, County Llnur.ck, Ire.aud,
a<Pil 51 yeari.
IST r'rle rids and hcauaintances are res^C'.-
tuliy Invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock a. m., from nls last
residence, 403 Tweii.iyrtiiuth street, corner of
Sitncuez, thence to St. Pau.'s Church. Twenty-
nlntn and Church street 1, +tt<eti a requiem high
mass will be celebrated tor the repose 01 bis soul,
coin mencing at 9 o cioc* a. v. i Interment Hoy
Cross Cemetery. ■"
ENDKRSON-In this city, March 5. :897, G. Ed-
ward, beloved ami or G. X anil .alary h.;,d-ts<> i,
a native of Sau Francisco, a^ed lyuuraud 11
months. - • . •.
EUSTICE— In this cltv. March 7. 1897, Catherine
A., beloved wife of John 11. Kustlce, and inouiur
of Edward W. and 1,1 tail F. Ktist cc and Mrs.
■ N. M. Nathan, a native of New \ork. aged 48
years 10 mom In a.id 4 days, ; iiouou and New
' York papers please copy.j
49"Notice or luneral hereafter. • ' •',
FAY— In the City and County Hospital, March 7*
Delia lay, aj;eu 45 years.
GEISENiiOFKR-in San ' I^nndro, March 6,
1897. Ida May Louise G isonhofer, a native' of
■aj Leanuio, agea 3 years and 5 months.
GRAN In Oakland, March 7. 18 •", Catherine
Graney, mother of Thomas and Ambrose Gra-
ne"y and Mrs. John Farry and Mr*. John Me-
Kernan. a uative of County Ga:way, Ireland.
■ ag*d 86 yean. • * . • •
Kjg~ Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully I vi tea to attend tne tuneral TO.MOrtKO
(Tuesday), at 7 o'clock a. m.. from her late
.■.residence, 1 1369 . Eighteenth street,' Oakland,
thence to train at t>L>t«t«xith street (or ISenicia,
where a solemn requie.n mas< will be oelebra;*!
- lor the reposa of tier soul, commeaoiu^ *: 10
o'clocic a. it. Interment Bsntcla. .
JACOB-*— ln thiVcity. -March (i, 1897 R«pUa»l.
beluved son of Jacob and rosaile Jacobs, aud
brother of Mrs. m. Newman, Mrs. A. . Levy,
Mr*. L. L*vy o( Juucau city, Alaska, and
Louis, Gus, Leopold, Alexander, A bert and
Phoebe Jaoubs, a native of ban Francisco, agei
3ti ye»rs.
■ ' aarFriends ar<» repwtfully invited to atteni
the funeral services THIS DAY (Monday), at
10 o'clock a. 11 , iroiii .li- residence of his par-
ents, 1608 Koisom street, lu.enu.-.i. 11111s of
■ Eternity Cemetery, oy 11:30 o'clock a. m. train
' from I'nird and 'l'uwnsend atreeti. 
BAY CITY LODGE, No. 117, KNIGHTS OF
■■' PYTHlAO— ui&cers and member* of the above
named lodge are uotitieii to me>'t in Fra erual
liali. Alcazar building, on THIS DAY (Mon-
day), at 9;HO o'clock a. m.. lor the purpose of
. attending the iu:i<ral or our late brother. R.
Jacobs. N. s, HLEsSINGJiR, C. C. ,
Charles C Morris. X ot R. and S.
KROOS*— In this city, Marcn 6, Claus Krooss,
. beloved bro'.h-r of Henry. John, Herman, I;led-
rich and Maria K roots, » nitive or Bremervoide,
Germany, ageJ 49 years 5 months and 26 days.
tfiT Friends aud acquaintances are respect-
fnlly invited to attend :he funeral Tills uAV
(Monday), at a o'clock p. M., from the par-
lors of H. F. Suhr & Co.. 120 J Mission -i.r--.,
near Eighth. Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
LKVY— In mU city. March ft. 1897. Esther Levy,
beloved mother of Mrs. I. Crown, Mrs. H. M. Ja-
coo.i and D. L. I.<-vy of Sau Late City, a native
of iMlond, aged 77 ye irs. . .'
43" Friends and acquaintances are r?sp9ct-
full,- invited to ft. tend tlie funeral THIS DA »'
(Monday), at 10 o'clock a. m., from her late
residence. .12S Ha-es »tr<-et Interment Hills of
}■ t-rnity • Cemetery train leaving. Third and
Townse'nd streets at 11:30 o'clock a. ii.
LA HE— In this city, March 5. 1897, Marie Tli9-
reie Lai mee.' beloved mother of Marie Latreine,
Alime Bojron. Louise Scherman and Arthur,
Peter »nd August Laimee. » native of France,
- aged 76 years and 8 months. *
Friends and acquaintances are raspsct'-
fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Monday), at 2:30 o'clock p. m., from the resi-
dence of her daughter, 1827 Stockton street,
thence . to the French Church, where services
will be hold. Interment Mount Calvary Ceme-
: tery. .■; ■ -.'":. ■, ' •. ■ " J
LEMM— this city, March 6, 1897, Clyde T.,
Infant son of Charles I', and Jennie W. Lemm,
a native ot -a:i;a Cruz, Cal., aged 6 months and
IB i lavs. . . ■
£aT"Frlends and acquaintances are reipac-
fuly lnvltwl to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Monday), at 2 o'clock p. m.. from the residence
of .iio parents, 4 board man pure, off Bryan:
street, between Slx'.h and seventh. luterment
Mount Calvary Cemetery. . , •
LIVERMORE— In Oakland, March 7, 1*97,
Charles Ed w trd Llvermore. a native of Boston,
aged 62 years 11 months and 6 days. [Boston
pan»rs please ropy.)
tO- Funeral services will be neld THIS DAY
' (Monday), at 3:30 o'clock p. m.. at tiie res.-
deuce ..1 his brotner, ri. P. I.iv-rraore. Rock
Ridge Park. Oakland. Interment private.
MASTERSON— ln'thiscltv, March 6, 1897, Mary,
c beloved wife or James Mast<-rson, and mother of
Thomas. Jamet and Tmeta Mbs:ersou, a native
of County Lei rim, Ireland, aged 45 years.
' [New Haven (Conn.) paper* please copy.j • . '
£~~~~rFr tends and acquaintances Are resDect-
fullyinvteJ to attend the funeral THIS D\Y
(Monday), nt 10 o'clock a. m.. from tne par-
: lors of J. C. O'Connor & Co.. 767 Mission street,
thence to St. Ros.-'s Church, lira nnaii street, for
s.-rvicea at 11 .o'clocic a. m. . Interment Holy
♦Cross Cemetery, tram leaving Third and Town-
send streets at ll:.>0 o'clock a. m.
McQUINN— In this city, March 7. 1897, Aline
Marie, daughter of Frank P. and Josephine Me-
, Qulnn, a native of San Diego, aged 1 year 11
months and 3 days. • .-
McGINN— In Ban Jose, March 6 1897, Mr5. Kllen
McGinn, beioved sister of Mist Hannah Dela-
- ney, ft native of Ireland, aged (50 years.
PETERSON — In this city. March 7, 18»7, Francis
Henry, beloved Infant son of Louli E. and Liz-
ila Peterson. . ■
PINELLI— In this city, March 7. 1897. Marie Oc-
tavia, lnfa:it daughter of Frank and Angelina
Plnelli. a native of S^u Fraucuco, ' aged 8
months.
XJTFrleDds and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock p. M.. from the residence
of the parents, 764 aad Jose avenue. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery. '-.'':"
SMITH— In this city. March 6,1897, Charles C.
Smith, a native of Crescent City, Cal., ageJ 36 ;
yen-* It months and 24 days.
jO-Notlce of funeral hereafter. Remains at
th- parlors of N. Gray & Co., 641 Sacramento
- street. , . 1 - 9i^ll^^^>(SF^^ i
SHERMAN— In tnis city, March 6, 1897, William
W. Sherman, a native or -New Yor», aged 75
. year*. '.••.;.* ■ •■ . ■ • < ■ *•_ .
STEPHENSON— In this city. March 5, 1897, Mrs.
Britta giephensou, a native of Flnstarp, , Swe-
' den,' aged 55 years- *
WER.NKR-Inthlscltr, March 5, 1897, Mathilde.
beloved wife of Professor Ernst Werner, and
mother of Klvine Werner, a native or Berlin,
(.■er.uany. aged Jin years 6 months and 2tt days,
a member or St. Marcus Frauen Vereln. [Cin-
cinnati piDers please copy.)
tff Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invite I 10 attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Monday), from St. Markus Church. O'Farrell
street, between Frankiln and Goueh, where
funeral services will be held at 'i. o'clock p. M.
Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery. ■
WRIGHT— In this city, March 7, 1897, Mrs. Fran-
ces Robinson Wright, a native or Leeds, Eng-
land, aged tt6 years 7 months and 22 days. *
WHITE— Mountain View. March 6. 1897,
Mar- A. C. beloved wife of Thomas A. White,
■ and daughter of the late ' tied r<f> and Mary Mo
Laughiln, and sister of George V.. John J. and
Mini an. D. McLauKhlin and the late Mrs. Ka.i*
Uoughert -. a native of San Francisco, nee.l 35
year*. fPlttsburg (Pa.) paper* please copy.] .
: jay Friends and acquaintances are resDßCt-
' fully invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Tuesday), from the residence of her brother
M.. D McLausrhiln, 67** Minna street, thence to
St. Mary's Cathedral. Van Ness avenue where
■ a solemn requiem mass will b» celebrated for
the repose of her soul, commencing •at 9
o'clock a. m.' Interment Mount Calvary Ceme- .
tery. •'■■•". . " '. ■ **." : ; .
ST JOSEPH'S UNION'— The ' semi-annual * re-
quiem mass for thedeceased members of st,
Joseph's Union wl I be celebrated in St. Mary*
Cathedral ' TO-MORROW (Tuesday) at 10
■*' O'clock A. M. *■'--■-■■:.-.■'. ■■■■*■■■• ■..':■■-■ ■-V..'V ; .*.iUV
\ -;; McAVOY A CALLACHER, T
FUNERAL DIRECTORS A EMBALM LE3,
lOrtftkSt., Opp. Lincoln School. ;
::.'.;'.. Telephone 8080. : / ■.
MOUNT OLIVET CEMETERY,
SAN ; ? MATEO COUNTY: NEARKBT CEMB.
tery to the city ; non-sectarian ; la no sense ex>
. elusive: location unexcelled. UOlce VV? Hutm
1112
A FEUD THAT
ENDED FATALLY
Policeman George Dough
erty Murders H. E.
Sullivan.
He Sends a Bullet Through the
Heart of His Long-Hated
Euemy.
The Officer Makes an Attempt to Enl
His Own Life md Is Badly
Wounded.
Murder, as far as is known unprovoked
and cowardly, was comm tted in Edward
Lunstedt's saloon, corner of Powell and
O'Farrell streets, at an early hour this
morning.
H. E. Sullivan, a barkeeper employed in
Boyle's saloon in the Po'.rero, who resided
at 11Q6}4 Tennessee street, was shot dead
by George Dougherty, a police officer
of the Southern statfon squad, and the
murderer then turned the death-inflicting
weapon on himself and made a desperate
attempt to end his own life, but in this he
tailed.
Sullivan, the murdered man, and
Dougherty, his slayer, accompanied by
several friends, entered the saloon in
which the tragedy took place about mid
night.
According to the proprietor of the
house, Mr. Lunstedt, the principals in
the unfortunate affair began to scuffle
and wrestle around the barroom.
They finally tired of the diversion, how
ever, and Sullivan left his companion and
entered one of the rear rooms of the sa
loon.
He re-entered the bar-room a little later,
and instead of resuming the scuffle en
tered into a controversy with Dougherty.
Ibe conversation became exciting and
noisy.
Lunsiedt finally cautioned the men to
modulate their voices.
This was not done, and suddenly, and
without warning, Dougherty sprang back,
and facing Sullivan, who was leaning
against t^e bar, drew a revolver and
fired.
The bullet went straight to its mark,
and a crimson splash from Sullivan's left
breast showed the bull t's entering place.
Sullivan grasped the bar rail with both
hands, turned an ashy color, and slowly
sank *o the floor.
Just as he lay back dead a second shot
sounded and Dougherty was seen to have
fired another at his victim.
Tins, however, was unnecessary. The
tir-t l<>aden missile had done its work,
Sullivan was dead.
Dougherty then fired another shot, in
tending to pierce his own brain.
The bullet entered at the right side of
his nose, crashed through that organ,
ranged to the left and fractured the sku.l
over the right eye.
The policeman reeled back and dropped
the revolver. The blood was spurting from
his face, and he was about to leave the
taloon when Officers B. Harter and Hay
den, who heard tne shots, entered the
plac and placed him under arrest.
He wa* hurried to the Receiving Hos
pital for treatment. Dr. Thompson, who
removed the bullet, which remained
imbedded in the frontal bone, pronounced
the wound dangerous, but not necessarily
fatal.
Sullivan's body was removed to the
Morgue.
James Boyle, a frier:d of the murdered
man, who witnessed the shooting affray,
was taken into custody.
He s-tatea that the two men bad been
enemies for a long time and that the
friends of both have been expecting
f-erious trouble between them for some
time.
STABBED HIS EMPLOYE.
Captain Wiloou, a Road-House Pro
prietor, Fatally Injures His
Barkeeper.
During an altercation last night, Cap
tain Wilson, proprietor of the Golden
City House, a well-known San Bruno road
resort, stabbed his barkeeper, Arthur
Me.drum, in the neck and abdomen.
It was thought that the barkeeper was
fatal. y injured.
Just how the trouble that culminated
in the stabbing affray started is not
known. The principals had always been
friends and it is presumed that liquor is in
a large measure responsible for what may
prove to b n a murder.
The police at the Seventeenth-street vo
lice station were notified of the cutting
pnd a wagon was sent to the road house tv
remove the injured man to the hospital.
Wilson could not be found by the police
when they reached the scene of the
crime, and it is presumed that he intends
leaving the City. He is described as
being a man 45 years of age, 5 feet 8 inches
tall, sandy in complexion and wears a
small, light mustache.
INSULTED YOUNG LADIES.
Klias Inompoon, a Sailor, Arrested by-
Two Young Men.
F.ilai Thompson, a sailor, 30 years of
nge. was b ioked at the City Prison late
Saturday night on a charge of disturbing
the peace, but a more senoas charge
should have been placed aeninst him.
Thompson was in the Tivoli Saturday
nigbt, and his act oni attracted the atirn
lion of two young m»n, E lward Wands of
440 Thirteenth street and \V. H. Smith o!
418 Tliirieenth street. They watched him
narrowly, and observed that two or three
young ladies that be sat beside moved
away from him. They politely asked one
of them what was the matter and sue said
the man had grossly insulted her.
When he left t c Tivoli they followed
him, and on a Market-street car be in
sulted another young girl, and when she
left iftf car he attempted to follow her.
Then the two voting men interfere! and
arrested the man and turned him over to
the police. They say they will appear in
court and prosecute him.
BOVTH O)f ,II A HLOCK BURN En.
liente Smoke From Tons of Tobacco
'I' Hinder* th» Firemen.
OMAHA. Nebr.. March 7.— The Pioneer
block at South Omaha, one of the most
substantial business blocks there, burned
to the ground this morning. The fire
originated from some unknown source in
the boiler-room and gradually worked its
way into the large storerooms in the base
ment. • In one of these was stored several
thousand pounds of leaf tobacco. .The
fire had gained much headway before dis
covered, and the dense smoke caused by
the burnine of the bales of tobacco hin
dered the tiremen in their work. The loss
cannot at present be carefully estimated,
bu will probably be somewhat leas than
£20,000, partially insured.
Jewklby store, 5-7 Third, removed to 803
Kenrny. .Large siock of diamonds, watches, etc.
THEY COULDN'T STAND IT.
Hearst's New York "Journal" No Longer Soils Mechanics'
Library Files*
W. K. Hearst's weekly package of fi:tb, the New York Sunday Journal, has been kicked out of the reading-room of the Me
chanics' Institute because of its vlleness, and the Sunday edition of the New York World, the only great competitor of the Jour
nal in the field of "-ensational depravity, has been kicked out with it.
The authorities of the institution, who are resnonsib c for its decency and its moral tone, as well as for its popularity, de
cided to remove these banefu! monstrosities of journalism three weeks or so aeo. Since then the largely patronized reading-room
has presented a restored sense of cleanness to those members who demand and appreciate the purity and respectability which be
longs to a great library intended to minister to the intellectual and moral natures of men, women and especially of the yontn of
our City.
This action is interesting and significant, not so much as affording further evidence of the universal estimate of the Hearst
journalism among people of respectability and intelligence, but because it is another evidence of the fact that the revolt against
the excesses of the -'new journalism" is general, is crowing and is taking a most effective form. The Mechanics' Institute h:s
simply placed itself in line with other libraries and other moral forces throughout the country, though its action has been taken
with discreet quietness and in the exercise of a cool and calm judgment.
The Mechanics' Library is a big, prosperous and progressive one. It has over 4000 members, and these represent the intelli
gence and respectability of the best clas es of this community. When all the reading members of the families represented are
considered the number enjoying the benefits of the library is greatly increased. It is practically a public library, and it rills a
large place in the intellectual life of the City. Being dependent on the small fees of its members for its prosperity it i» managed,
like other association libraries, with a view to securing new members and to retaining those it has. To do this its utmost re
sources are used to supply its members with what they want, with the newest publications and with the widest range of books
and periodicals. Its reading-room is large and offes the largest list of periodicals to be found in any readine-room in the City. It
is particularly well supplied with the leading newspapers of the United States and the rest of the world. Nearly all the important
New York dailies are on its tables. But the Police Gazette is not on its riles and neither is the Journa'.
That such an institution should deliberately remove the«e two "greit" Sunday papers from its lists is a noteworthy blow in
behalf of public and journalistic decency. It was deeded to allow the week-day issues of the Journal and the World to remain,
but the Sunday issues, with their lurid falces obscenities and page descriptions of human depravity, are birred The members
may find the Sunday issues of the Herald, Tribune, Sun, Times and other respectable New York dailies in their proper place on
the file-*, but when one turns the files of the Journal and the World he pisses from Saturday 'o Monday, and the skip is eloquent.
It could not be expected that Hearst's other sluice for filth and fake-, the Examiner, would be excluded, because the
Mechanics' Library is not at the safe distance of the Portland Public Library, which naa just turned the Examiner out because
of its vileness.
The Portland Librnry is not the only one that will have no paper of the Examiner type. The Public Library of Newark,
N. J., hus done as hasth« Mechanics' Library, and has refused to give room to the Journal or the World.
Of this action the New York Sun *ay : "Because in the opinion of the trustees of the Newark Free Public Library, the
New York World and t c New York Journal are a menace to public morals and too vile for respectable people to read, the library
trustees, at their r-gular monthly meeting, on February 4, decided by a unanimous vote that the »üb->criptions to these news
papers be immediately discontinued, and that the files of the papers on hand be removed from the library reading-room.
"This is a distinct triumph for the new journalism, and one that its most enthusiastic supporters never dared to hope for.
Besides this its latest success, all its past glorious achievements in 'faking,' in keyhole reporting, in the bla-tins; of reputations
and in the ruin of homes fall into insi?niticance. It must, however, be extremely humiliating to the proprietor of the older
product of the new journalism that he is compelled to share this triumph with the proprietor of his younger and only competi
tor. Strive as he would for a 'beat,' he must acknowledge at last that his younger rival has played him a draw in his own game."
Willie Hearst will probably not be at all worried because the Mechanics' Library has cut off a two dollar a year subscription,
nor will he blush because in the home of his youth his "triumph of journalsim" has been spurned by a library association of
decent peop c as too vile for a public reading-room.
BUILT HIS HOUSE
ON SUNDAYS
How Louis .Metter Recouped
HiS Fortune After
a Fire.
Members of His Union Gave
Him a Lilt on Their
Day Off
A Bit of Practical Fraternity by Which
the Mechan c Is Enabled to Be
come a H r usehdler.
The throngs of people who rode on the
electric-cars out the road to Ingleside yes
terday were struck with a rather novel
spectacle for Sunday. It was a big gang
of men at work bunding a house.
In times like these, when the army of
the unemployed keeps growing and no
mechanic of any trade may be found who
complains that there is more work on
hand than can be done in the six days of
the weet, the sight of a small army of
carpenters hammering and sawing and
DUtting uprights and crosspieces in place
as though their future depended on their
completing the building in one day was
sufficient to cause many wondering eyes
to be turned their way as the crowded
cars sped past them.
The fact is the men were working thus
industriously without pay. They were
putting in ibeir holiday building a house
for Louis Metier, one of their fellows, of
Carpenters' Union 483.
Louis Metter was burned out about a
month ago — burned completely out, es
caping in the niuht with scarcely his
clothe^ his wife and children barely get
ting away in safety, lie losing even his
loois and the wife the books she most val
ued. It was in the fire of about a month
ago which destroyed several cottages on
Francis street.
Metier moved with his family into a
cottage on Paris street, which he hap
pened to find furnished and io let, ony a
few blocks away. It so happens that he
had bouuht a lot oi Croke street in the
same neighborhood, and was in position
therefore to secure materials for the build
ing of a small house. This was enough.
The members of his union hearing of the
disaster that had come upon him and of
his necessity volunteered to come to his
as-istance. He ordered the stuff and they
kept their word. Sunday a week ago they
put in the first uprights and yesterday
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, MARCH 8, 189^.
evening the house was In a fair way
toward completion. For the men only
work on Sundays, understand, the day
that is their own, to enjoy in their own
wav or cive to a friend, as they see fit.
The wet weather and muddy roalsof
the vicinity has hindered the work some
what, but it has gone on with great sp°ed
nevertheless. Yesterday there were nt
work in the house-raising party D. N. V.
Roberts, J. C. Heymer, Joe Colabell, Fred
Steen, Jim N lson, August Anderson, Bob
Inglee, J. Hutchin^on, H. Hiigerman and
Lewis Gordon, all members of Carpenters'
Union 483.
It was in truth an oHfashioned house
raisin«r. They began briaht and early and
worked speedily and cheerfully until
noon. Then the call to dinner was
sounded. They knocked off and adjourned
in a body to Metter's house, where Mrs.
Metter had prepared for them a savory
and substantial dinner, which she, with
the assistance of her little daughter,
served, the affair having all the merry
goodfellowship at a picnic.
Another Sunday will probably see the
little house completed, and, after the
painters and ul umbers have gotten
throuph. the Metters will be able to move
in and declare as a fact that they are liv
ing in their own house.
"It is not an unusual thing." s^id Mr,
Metter yesterday, "lor the members of a
union to help each other in this way. I
know of more than a dozen instances
where the houses of mechanics have been
huilt without any cost to them for labor.
M*n are thus enabled to live in their own
homes who could possibly never save
money enough to build them otherwise. I
had a little money saved, but wa« com
pelled to borrow a couple of bundled dol
lars besides to buy my lumber. This
policy of mutual assistance is by no means
confined to the caipenters' unions. The
painters often do their share in the same
way, and the plumbers also. It is really
a big thing for the mechanic, and it is
notable that the men volunteer with the
greatest willinenes c ."
SOCIALISTS _IN_THE COUNTRY.
Speakers Will Be Sent Out to Spread
Socialistic Doctrines.
On the opening of the spring, or at least
as soon as the weather becomes set
tlpd, the Socialist labor party will
send a wagon or a van into the country
for the purpose of spreading the teaching?
of Socialism. The money is already
collected for this work and a large
quantity ul literature on matters of politi
cal economy and Socialism is being gath
ered for free distribution from the van.
Several well informed speakers will travel
in tne vehicle from place to place and de
liver addresses and riistribuie reading
matter wherever they can rind people
willing to be enlightened. It is believed
that the party will start south Irom here.
Last year a wagon wns sent along the
northern route and much pi ogress was
made in making converts to socialism.
In fact several branches were started in
the towns north of this city, and reports
show that these new bodies are gaining in
numbers and prominence.
The socialists of this City have on hand
preparation? for two celebrations. The
first is that of the Paris Commune, which
will be held at 115 lurk street on the 18th
:ust. ; the other is the celebration of Inter
national Labor day, on May 1. While a
number of nations have their national la
bor day, the socialists of the world set
aside as their labor day May 1.
In this City the day will be celebrated
in Metropolitan Temple. A committee
consisting of George Speed, £L D Kings
ley, T. M. Anthony, William Costley and
Mr. Beresford lias been appointed, with
full power to make all the necessary ar
rangements.
Washington Hall, at 35 Eddy street,
was tilled to the doors last evening, the
occasion being the regular educational
meeting of American R-anch. The
speaker, John H. Marble, delivered a very
entertaining, eloquent an«i Instructive ad
dress on "Individualism." Next Sunday
night 11. W. Wilkins will speak on "Lights
and Shadows."
ITALIANS MAKE MERRY.
Annual Masquerade Balls of the Italian
Bersagiieri and the Gari
baldi Guard.
Last nipht wbs a notable one in local
Italian social circles. It was the evening
of the grand masquerades of the Italian
Bersaglieri Company and the Garibaldi
Guard, two annual events given by agree
ment on the same ni»ht, and between
which scepes of revelry the merrymakers
are wont to vacillate during the evening.
The iiersaglieri ball was at Washinjrion
square Hall, which was tastefully deco
rated for the occasion. The pleasures of
the evening were due to and in charge of
tne following committees:
Executive committee— E. C. Palmieri. presi
dent; G. Tomnelli. first vice-president; M.
Sitnonetti, second vice-president; G. B. Celle,
treasurer; F. Puccinelli, M. Biancalann, A.
Slmi, S. Bussolino, V. Venturi, V. Blancni, T.
Fava.
Reception committee —G. Toffanelli, M.
Simonetti, I. Fava, A. Lucchesi, V. Davaiie, M.
Giovannoni, A. Sbraglia, I- Martini, A. Luisi,
A. Pardi.
Floor mnnager, E. Venaglin; floor com
mittee—G. Valero, C. Cai;li, F. Puecinelli. M.
Biunca ana, A. Baidocchi, A. Paolucci, Cay. G.
t a eparis.
Refreshment committee —V. Venturi, V.
Bianctii, V. Pucciue.li, F. Particelli, O. Pucci
nelli, V. Quiilri, F. Toffanelli. L. Luporini, G.
Cagnacci, A. Giovannoni, E. Vnnnucei.
The ball of the Garibaldi Guard, its fif
teenth annual celebration, was at Gari
baldi Guard Hall. Here, also, nothing
was lacKing lor an enjoyable evening. The
committees were as follows:
Reception committee— Board of directors.
Flour manager— G. Eriola. Flour commit
tee — D Devincenzi, N. Fopniano, I. Perati, A.
Deviuccnzi, Dr. G. Caglieri, <'. Lagoraarsmo,
G. L. Valente, G. laccheri, L. Rossi, N. Ferrog
giaro, G. Bignotti.
Door committee— M. Canepa, F. Delmonte,
D. Deviucerizi, L. Artana, G. Barbagelata, F.
Canepa, Glov Daneri, S. Cereirhino, L.
Brichetio, S. O:ieto, B. Ratto, L. Bruzzone, N.
Perata, A. L. Baeigulupl.
Barroom committee— A. Figone, Ant. Deluc
chi, L. Torre G. Barbagelata, G. harngo. D.
Deuiattei, V. E. Cniappa. P. Deroatui, G. Gva
pari, G. Schenone, Luigi Torre, G. Marini.
Hatrooom committee— G. Sbarboro, A. Car
bo ue.
Many beautiful and elaborate costumes
were seen at each ballroom.
Hit With ii Fl.it iron.
Alexander Delorme, proprietor of a lodging
house at 77H Howard street, was ejecting a
lodger yesterday morning, when the lodger at
tacked him with a flatirou. Delorme had two
wounds on his lorehead and one on his scalp
dressed at the Receiving Hospital.
Send books, music or magazines to be bound
to the bindery. Mysell-Rollins. U2 Clay. ♦
DASHED DOWN TO
THE PAVEMENT
Little Mary Arata Tumbles
Out of a Second-Story
Window.
The T;ny Maid Sustains Severe
and Dangerous Internal
Ir juries.
Misfortunes Do Not Come Singly to
the Alflxtcd Arata
Household.
Little Mary Arata, aged 4 years, t >m
b'ed out of a second-story window at her
home, 718 Montgomery avenue, yesterday
afternoon, sustaining severe «nd danger
ous internal injuries. Propped up amid
the pillows in a hugo four-pcsier the little
raaiil lies, looking all the more tiny on
account of her proportionately bie sur
roun lings. She seetus unable to explain
how the accilent happened or wnere she
suffers rain. Her poor little face is white
and drawn, her large, soft brown «»yts half
closed, and the only sign of life she gives
Lit le Mary Arata, 4 Years Old,
Who Tumb ed Out c f a Second-
Story Window at Her Home on
Montgomery Avenue and Was
Not Instantly Killed.
is to toss her thin little brown arms to
and fro and to groan regularly and cease
iess!y.
Little Mary is the daughter of S. Arata,
a juuk man, and is one of a family of four.
Her eldest brother is 7 years old, and
over her little baby sister's head nine
short months heve just parsed.
For the past year misfortunes have over
taken the Araia household. First, sick
ness vi-ited the head of the house, and
now the sad reality of being one of the
great army of unemployed stares the poor
breadwinner in the face.
"We had just finished our dinner to-day
wDen the accident happened," said the
mother of the little sufferer. "I was clean
ins; off the table and my husband was sit
ting leisurely by, smoking his pipe. Lit
tle Mary was not a moment out of the
room, in fact I had not y t misled her,
when we heard a terrible scream, and be
fore we could realize what bod happened
two kind neighbors were bringing our un
conscious little girl into the room."
Clutched tightly in the hand of the child
was a rope whicli she nad been dandling
out of the bedroom window when she fell.
That little Mary did not meet with in
stant death is probably due to the fact
that in failing she struck the iron railing
of a cellar that leads off from the street,
directly below the window from which
she fell.
Dr. A. de Lucis was called to attend the
child. The doctoi's diagnosis is to the
effect that little Mary is suffering from
internal injuries, the full extent of which
he has not been able to determine. She
suffered a contusion of the stomach and
liver and had several stomach hemor
rhages during the day. No bones were
Droicen, however, and although the little
girl is dangerously injured the doctor
thinks that the patient may pull through.
AROUND TH£ . IAMOND.
The Alerts Defeat the ■-'act a Claras in
a Close Game.
The Alameda Alerts shut out the visitors
from Santa Clara at Central Park yester
day by a score of 2 lo 0.
Both teams gave as tine an exhibition of
baseball as has been played at Central
Park. The ball was freely hit, but the
clever fielding prevented any one reaching
first.
The Alerts scored one of their few runs
in the second. Krug started the inning by
sending a fly to short, which was neatly
taken in Ly Foley. Th?n Foley fumbled
W. Hammond's grounder «nd allowed
Hammond to reach first. He then went
to second on Graham's passed ball.
Graham recovered in time to head Hnm
mond off, but Carriea fumbled, the runner
going to lhird, and coming borne a ruin
ute later on McKee's pretty single to
right field. Jacobson struck out, and J.
Hammond hit to second and out, ending
th« inninc.
The Santa Claras played in hard luck.
Time and again they had men on bases,
bin McK.ee would settle down and either
strike the Qatter cut. or the ball would be
liit to third or shortstop, invariably run
ning their own man out.
McKeewasin tine form and kept the
Santa Claras guessing at his curves.
Steffani al-o pitched good ball, but the
Alerts became familiar with his curves
and he was batted freely.
The Santa Claras' fielding was far supe
rior to that of the Alerts. The catching
of foul tips by Graham was one of the
lemures.
Next Sunday the San Francisco Athletic
Club will play the Alerts and a great game
is expect°d.
The score is as follows:
Aleuts. a.b. k. b,h. b.b. P.o. a. c.
Bird, c f 3 0 0 0 1 0 0
Brockoff, 3 b 4 0 0 0 5 0 3
.v.usk.-miui, l. f 4 0 0 0 0 0 1
KrUK. 8. S 4 1114 3 1
w. ilunininnd, a... 3 1 0 0 7 0 0
McKee. p 2 0 1117 0
Jacobson, 1 h 3 0 10 6 2 1
J. Hammond, r. f.. 3 0 0 0 0 U 0
UOldsworihy, 2 b... 2 0 0 0 4 1 1
To'als. 28 a 3 2 27 IS 1
hanta Clara, a.b. r. b.h. s.b. P.o. a. #!.
F. frolpy, s.b 4 0 o 0 4 1 2
itobinson, c. I H 0 0 0 1 0 (I
GiHliam, c. 2 O 0 0 7 1 1
Pelr. ia, r. 1 3 0 1 1 O 0 0
to ry, 1 b 4 0 0 0 8 0 0
Draclii. i. 1 4 0 0 10 0 0
o. Koley, 3 b 4 0 1113 0
sieffa:ii, p 4 0 0 0 0 2 1
Carriea, is b. 3 0 1 0 3 2 0
Totals 31 0 3 3 24 • 9 4
BY innings.
ci.rus. 123456789
Alerts 0 10 10 0 0 0 •— 2
Base hits 0 10 2 0 0 0 0 •— 3
Santa Clara 0 0 0 0 O 0 0 0 o—o
Bade hits 1 0 0 10 0 10 o—3
SUMMARY.
Ea ned ruos— Alerts 1. (sacrifice hits— G. i'oley.
NEW TO-DAY — DRY GOODS. _^ v^~-^^.
1W DRESS FABRICS!
■ — —
ARRIVAL
SPRING
• \. * JL p Jl^ JL JL
IMPORTATIONS!
NOVELTY FRENCH CHECKS, assorted colors, goods 45
inches in width - - - - - " $8.75 Pattern
NOVELTY FRENCH ETAMINE CHECKS, different size
checks, goods 48 inches wide $7-00 Pattern
NOVELTY FRENCH CHECKS, in both block and broken
checks, goods 44 inches wide - - - $7,00 Pattern
NOVELTY ETAMINE CHECKS, all new colorings, goods
40 inches wide ----- $3.50 Pattern
5 cases GENUINE FRENCH SERGE, full 45 inches wide,
in all the new Spring shades, also black, Cfj p
. w. \J\JKs Yard
SAMPLES SENT FREE TO ANY ADDRESS.
ttT" Country orders receive prompt attention.
SJSf Goods delivered free In San Rafael, Sausallto, Blithe-.
dale. Mill Valley, Oakland, Alameda and Berkeley.
£892 B^^^^C
111, 113, 115, 117. 119, 121 POST STKEtif.
First base on errors— Alerts 2, Santa Ciara 4
First ba-e on callid bolU— Alerts 8, Santa Clara 4.
Left on ba es— Alerts 5. Santa CUra 9. Struck
out— McKee 6, S.effani 4. Hit by pitcher—<ira
ham. Golds«or hy. lioub c plays- Kruc to Golds
worthy to Jacobton. Passed bulls— Urah am 1.
lmie of same— One hour and 36 minutes. Um
pire— SlcDoa aid.
WILL HELP THE WOMEN
Unemployed to Op:n a New
Intelligence Bureau at
Once.
A Large Numb r of Tickets Sod for
the B nefit at ih» Auditorium
Tu?sdiv Evening.
The unemployed have decided to open
a bureau in connection witb their organ
ization where needy and deserving women
out of work can obtain employment.
Eighteen women have already placed
their .names on the roll, and a number
have been supplied with places. The sec
retary of the unemployed is prepared to
furnish women for ali kinds of work.
The men spent yesterday in selling
tickets for the big benefit that has been
tendered them by E. D. Leavitt for Tues
day evening at the Auditorium.
Already over 1030 25 and 50 cent tickets
have rteen disposed of, and they hope to
sell 1500 to 2000 more by Tuesday night.
The capacity of the house is about 3000.
Following is a list of those who have of
fered their services for the benefit:
Richards and Rand, Zantrella Brothers, Baby
Lewis . Lorrance Sisters, Matt Keff, Dan Daugh
erty, Julius Korto, Professor Galando, W. T.
Baiter, Lindsly riroo, Mr. Thorn, Miss Wain
right, Tom Adiß, Miss Adis. Ewald Andow,
Madame Andow, Roussell Helimaii, Captain
Beach, John Payne, Johnson and Lonnon,
Matilclita, Willard Brothers, Bressenno. Dale
and D*Hon, Fletcher trio, 1 rofessor J. Lamb
dero, Miss May Walton, May Lovelnnd, Dora
Johnson, Chanes Franks, Mrs. Franks, Gracie
Grace, Richard Leona, V. B. Bostoi. Ethel
Graham, Nelson and Williams and others.
It was learned yeoterday that Mrs.
Bradv, whose sad case was brought to the
notice of the public through the aid given
her by the unemployed, had received a
considerable sum of money from char
itably inclined people, to sati-fy her most
pressing nee<ls.
There are about 1700 men now enrolled
at the headquarters of (he unemployed.
"Hard Times," a un que publication,
will make its appearance under the aus
pices of the uneniDloyrd and editorial a\
rection of S. A. Letting well, on Monday.
March 15, and be soul irom house to house
by members of the association.
The City will be districted, each man
having a rouip of his otto, in which the
paper will be offered lor sale ut a nickel a
copy. Tiie entire City will be covered. It
is thought that though iui, charitable la
dies will take advantage of the opportu
nity to buy a paper and give the paper
seller castoff clothing, which will und
ready us* by those in need of it. Nearly
100 men will be emp.oyeu in selling the
paper.
She Wielded a Hatchet.
John McLarky, a lnbnrer. re^idins at 224
Branuan street, reporteJ last evening at trie
Receiving Hospital for repairs io His arm. He
stated that his vife assaulted him with a
hatchet. A deep gash wa« the result, which
Dr. Thompson sewed together and sent him
home to be nursed. No arrost followed.
CASTOR I A
For Infants and Children.
Tie fit- rf _ ,
I limili jf&y y/tr/7 s, lsn
-. 7. ■■■■■.■•■:■ .-•-• * : -- - . 'I. ■ '
So long as there is a best
in everything, why not have
it? Your privilege if you
buy here.
SPECIAL SAVING SALE.
Monday — Tuesday — Wednesday
O. K. Whiskey 3 bots $2.00
gal $3.00
regularly $1.00 bottle, $4.00 gal.
mellow; 6 years old; sweet mash.
Lucca Oil (Sublime)
quart bot 45c
Our importation Irom Italy.
Preserved Ginger jar 25c
regularly 35c; delicious and
wholesome; prepared by
Crosse <fc Blackwell.
Extra Mess Mackerel
12-lb kit $2.00
regularly $2.40; large fat tisb.
Epicures can enjoy them.
Cereal Coffee (Shredded)
i-lb pckg 20c
rejrniarly 25c; bight? recom-
mended "for dyspeptics; it con-
tains no strong active princi-
ple?.
Peach Brandy qt bot 90c
regularly $1 25; an old Pennsyl-
vania nectar, distilled in 1883.
Sterling Metal Polish doz 50c
regu.arly 75c; brightens quickly
'i: and permanently.
Finest Table Butter sq 40c
Fresh Eggs doz 15c
We are prepared for the
Lenten Season.
Sea food for the million.
Catalogue free.
SEMI-ANNUAL .EXAMINATION
OF
TEACHERS!
OFFICE OF THE CITY BOARD OF EXAM-)
"NATION (Thirl Floor New City Hall), V
','■■'■■' ,-ax Francisco, Mann 6. 1897. J
I TBK KF.OIL .rt >■ MAN Si: IX \MI.VA.
1 tinn o» applicants for teachers' certificate (High
school. Grammar and Primary. er.ides and si ecial
certiticatf*) will commence at Ibe Normal School
on Powell street, I Between I < lay an I Sacramento,
on IDA V," March 13. 1897. at 2 o'clock p>m.
Appllcan.s who wish 10 puss an ex •minatiou for
Hisu School cert flea or sp'Ci ■! certificates will
sent! notice to this offlc- on ot b*-for- March H.
In cotnp iance with the Sa c Sea ol law each ap-
plicant mast pay an i-.xami lat'.on fee of $2 in ad-
vance. Applicant* who intend taKing ;he exam-
ination mist register prior to the con. mencement .
of the same a* no fees will be- received on that
date. ■. M. No LAN,
. secretary City Board of Examination.
Office hours— Wed nes la. from 8:30 to 4:30
p. M. : Saturdays, from, 9:30 to 11 A. K.