VOLUME LXXXL— NO. 69.
ENGLAND'S
CHALLENGE
Sir Michael Hicks- Beach's
Speech Angers the
Paris Press.
BESORT TO THE SWORD
DEMANDED.
Great Britian Said to Have Dis
dained and Defied Franca
and Russia.
Tgzkmany locks on with
"1 iquanimity.
It Wou'd Now Seem That the Egyp.
tian Qaestion Threatens the
Concord of Powers.
■ EARIb, Frakce, Feb. The Paris
• press are greatly excited over the speech
! delivered in the British House of Com
mon's yesterday by Sir Michael Hicks-
Beach, Chancellor of the Excheauer, up
on the occupation of Egypt.
The Journal, in an article commenting
upon ihe speech, says: "The insolent
• challenge thrown to France and Russia
ought to be taken up."
The Autorite says: "England disdains
and defies France and Russia and will
continue to do so until both of these pow
ers resort to the sword."
La Libre Parole says: "The reply to
England's challenge must be action, not
mere words."
• BERLIN, Germany, Feb. 6.— Officials
/ and newspapers regard the renewed strain
between France and England with com
; plete equanimity, and the declarations
• concerning Egypt cade by Sir Michael
. Hickjs-Beach, tne British Chancellor ot
j • the Exchequer, in the House of Commons
■ in London yesterday are attributed to
• tnat gentleman's knowledge that England
has the support of Germany, Austria and
. Italy in regard to her occupation of
Bzypt.
Tire Hamburg correspondent in an
article on the subject gives expression to
the opinion generally entertained in Ber
. ]in when it say» that France h.is no It-pat
I Tight to force England to evacuate Egypt.
4 , erning the attitude of Russia toward
1 Es»ypt fhe St. Petersburg NovoeVfemya
says that Russia intends, to, con line her
self to placing tne Suez canal under in
""' ternational control, otherwise sue has no
interest in. Egypt.
Speaking of the attitude of the Austro-
Hnngarian Government, the Pesther
' L-loy.d, in an inspired communication from
Vienna, expresses regret that the line of
the Franco-Russian entente menaces the
concord of the powers at the very time
when a perfect harmony is most urgently
needed.
"The effect will likely be," the paper
adds," to defeat a solution of the difficul
ties in Turkey and we must now exert
• every effort to restore the harmony of the
relations between France and Great
Entain."
The adhesion of Germany and Italy to
the policy, it was hoped, would lead to
the abatement of the English aggressions
. in Ihe Transvaal, but reports from Pre
toria announce the occasion of a severe
split bstween Dr. Leyds, the Secretary of
State of ihe South African Republic, ana
President Kruger. which advices furnish
: an explanation 01 the reported intention
'■' of Dr. Leyds to resign his office. Dr.
Leyds has a Jarge number of followers,
and, according to the dispatches, the
prediction is freely made that he will
obtain a Boor majority in favor of the in
dependence of the Transvaal Republic or
such a revision of the Ane'o-Boer Con
vention as will give the Transvaal Govern
ment absolute coutroi over its foreign re
lations.
The Vossiche Zeitung published a dis
patch from its correspondent in Pretoria
which says the fort works which have
been in course of construction around the
Boer capital are now being pushed for
ward to completion with feverish haste
' Jend also that distrust of the English is in-
everywhere in the Transvaal and
■ '& rapidly increasing war feeling has set in.
Dr. Koch, the eminent German bacteri
ologist, has telegraphed that he is return
ing with a newly discovered serum which
will lessen the force of the rinderpest. In
• the meantime, he says, he is unaole to
• say whether he will be able to prevent
animals from being infected with the dis
ea-e. He has demonstrated that sheep
and home 1 cattle are the most liable of
ail animais to contract the disease, and
that dog?, monkeys and rodents enjoy
complete immunity from it. Dr. Koch
wire* that be is not going to Bombay to
' study the bubonic plague which is ragins
there, desuite the fact that he has been
asked to head the commission which is to
be sent to Bombay for that purpose.
• The speeches delivered in the Reichstag
tins week by Freih?rr Marschall yon
'. Bieberstelti in regard to the prosecution of
.Baron yon Luetzow and others for libel
are pronounced everywhere to have been
the bes-t he has ever made, and have won
admiration on all sides.
■The Conservative opponents of the
Minister are profuse in their praise of
Mm. Count yon Mirbach, the Conserva
• tiveleader, remarked at ihe conclusion of
olie of Freiherr MarsehaM's speeches,
"The Conservatives are proud of him 28 a
nian w:jo once sat in their ranks," and
tount 'Li Limbur.-Stirum, another Con
■'•rvative leader, expressed hope that the
• 'mister would lon* retain his office.
MUJtJtICAAK AT JStSlf lOIIK.
Outbound Steamer* Come to Anchor off
Quarantine.
NEW YORK. X. V., Feb. 6. -A West
Indian storm which has been working up
the coast for some days arrived here at
coon to-day. The wind came out frost
The San Francisco Call
the east, with premonitions of more to
come, and then rain began to fall. By
evening the wind had registered a velocity
of 60 miles an hour and the steady down
rour of rain had amounted to a little over
half an inch.
The Washington weather bureau sent
out a notice that dangerous northeast
sales were due along this and the New
England coast and that shipping should
be held in port. Hurricane signals were
ordered here to-day and as a consequence
several outbound steamers came to anchor
off Quarantine to wait for better weather.
Before midnight a small fleet had gathered
there.
REV. DR. BOLTON'S SAD CASE.
Peculiar Hallucination That Causes Him
to Separate From His Wife and
Leave Chicago.
CHICAGO, 111., Fob. 6.— The South
Park Avenue Methodist Episcopal Church
is without a regular pastor on account of
the departure of Rev. H. W. Bolton under
peculiar circumstances. Bishop Merrill
of the diocese, who understands the de
tails of the trouble, said to-day :
"A separation between Rev. Dr. Bolton
and his wife has been arranged. He be
lieves his wife has attacked his moral
character with regard to six or seven
women, ana if I were to tell you who they
were you would at once see that his delu
sion would be laughbable if it were not so
sad. His wife has never doubted him in
the least and has protested to me and
others that she had never for a moment
questioned her husband's purity, much
less impugned it to him or to any one else.
"She says he is subject to these mental
lapses, and will come out this time as he
has before, and then will not even remem
ber anything he has said on the subject.
It is possible that events may so abapc
themselves that an investigation of the
rumors JJr. Bolton has given currency to
may not be necessary. His physical and
mental condition is such that there is no
prospect of his return to South Pars Av
enue Church."
Rev. Dr. Bolton has gone South and
will deliver occasional lectures. His wife
is in South Bend, Ind. Dr. Bolton has
been prominent in church, Grand Army,
Masonic and other secret circles for years.
He was chaplain durincr the Civil War, is
past commander of U. S. Grant Post and
State chaplain of the P. O. S. A., and a
thiriy-third degree Mason. He has always
been in demand as a patriotic orator.
MONITOR PURITAN UNSEA WORTHY.
Many of the Valves Found to Be Leaky
and Pumps Used to Keep Out
the Water.
NEW YORK, N. V., Feb. 7.— A morning
paper says: Still another vessel of the
United States navy 1 as been found unsea
worthy. It is the monitor Puritan, tbe last
one added to the list of vessels available
f>r service. Tne Puritan was to have left
the navy-yard next Tuesday to join the
fleet in command of Admiral Bunce off
Charleston hurbor.
The engines were given a dock trial a
few days ago and it was then discovered
that they did not work smoothly. Many
of the valves were found to be leaky. Toe
valves connecting the outboard aelivery
pipes with the condensers are also liak
ing and the pumps have been working for
tlxe last two weeks in order to keep the
vessel free from water. Men from tbe
construction department have been mak
ing repairs, but it will be some time be
fore they are completed, and the vessel
will not be able 10 join the squadron for
about two weeks.
The engines worked roughly in the trial,
and in less than fifteen minutes smoke
came from the journals. They were taken
apart and the iittings were found to be
badiy burned. They were sent to the
steam engineering shops, where new ones
will be made.
One of the officers attached to the ship
said yesterday:
"We found that the valves connecting
with the pipes leading to the outside of
the ship leaked to such an extent that It
was accessary to keep the small pumps
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY MORNING, FEBRUARY 7, 1897-THIRTY PAGES.
EVENTS OF 1 THE F.A.ST WEEK.
working all the time. The trouble was
caused by the packing in the valves. It
la of a m<>tal>ic composition and was not
properly tkted. We expect to have this
repaired within the next few days."
THEINDIANA'S ERRATIC CONDUCT
Captain Taylor Makes a Detailed Report
and the Navy Department dyes
Out a Statement
WASHINGTON, D. C Feb. 6.— Captain
Henry C. Taylor's detailed report upon
the performance of the battle-ship In
diana in heavy weather rff Hatteras,
which caused him to leave Admiral
Bunco's squadron and seek safety in
Hampton Roads, reached the Navy De
partment late this afternoon.
It appears that the fcur eight-inch gun
turrets, weighine abont 150 tons each,
under the strain of the vessel's rolling
were found to move laterally one-eightu
o/an inch wilh the ship's motion, and
that the two thirteen-inch gun turrets,
weighing about 500 tons each, moved lat
erally one-quarter of an inch under the
same influences.
One of the latter turrets, when Captain
('•Fighting Bob") Evans tODk the ship
into a storm last fall, revolved bodily
through a greater portion of the arc, but
in the breeze of the day before yesterday
they did not get loose from the ei'ra fast
enings that had been applied during the
winter's stay at the New York Navy-yard.
The infinitesimal lateral movement, that
the naval officials attribute to the neces
sary flexibility cf the vessel, alarmed the
ship's officers, who signaled Admiral
Bunce and secured his pivmisiion to seek
the nearesthaven.
From the character of the storm encoun
tered off Hatteras the officials deduce the
opinion that the vessel exhibited stanch
ness in a remarkable degree and they as
sert the opinion that no suffer battle-ship
of such weight as the Indiana and her
ciass is possessed by any navy.
Tlie Navy Department has decided to
withhold tne official report from publica
tion, but Assistant Secretary McAdoo gave
out the following statement:
The report of Captain Taylor, with reference
to the behavior of the Indiana, has just been
received. The officers ol the ship, as appears
from the report, owing to the former trouble
with the locking devices of the turrets when
the ship was subjected to heavy rolling, were
exceedingly cautious and observant as to the
action of the improved devices put on at Jsew
York.
So far as the report states the new device
i did not give way in any part nor develop any
i permanent, deformity, but when the snip
rolled rather heavily in the trough of the sea
there was a slight play in the device observ
ant, the whole movement not exceeding a
I quarter of an inch, which was eonflned al-
I most entirely to the torward 13-Inch turret
i It i» quite probab.e that had there not been
i unfavorable i-xperience with the old device
j this wouid not have been observed.
This very glighi movement of the turrets
was readily checked by setting up the bolts,
j which are very heavy, being four iuehes in
' diameter and far in excess of tbose formerly
i used. There was a heavy swell running into
j the trough, into which the ship was thrown
Eg to her course, and Captain Taylor in
ed Admiral Bunce by signal of the fact
this slight movement of the turrets was
rvant. and that he feared under continu
ous rolling It might iucrease ana carry away
the locking device.
After some messages had passed between
them the Indiana was directed to return to
the roads. She had no trouble on the way
back, and, indeed, it is certain that were she
free-handed and not subject to squadron re
strictions as to movements she could navigate
in any kind of sea or weather.
So far as the report shows, the locking
mechanism is in good condition, but Con
structor Stahl of the Norfolk yard baa been
ordered to inspect and report on the same.
s.aiy Smith and Peddler fainter.
NEW YORK. N. V., Feb. 6.— A cable
gram has bean received by Arthur Lum
ley from the manager or the National
Sporting Crub of London, England, offer
ing a purse of $2500 for a 20-round bout
between Solly Smith and Peddler Palmer,
to take place on Derby night. Palmer de
mands a $2500 side bet. Bmith has ac
cepted the terms and will sign articles as
soon as they reach here.
REFUSE TO ACCEPT
PROMISED REFORMS
Cubans in Arms Not Yet
Ready to Submit to
Spain.
Gomez and Garcia Will Not
Meet the Eivoys Sent Out to
Treat for Peace.
In a Sp-ech Weyler Declares the
Estab isnment of Reforms Depends
Upon Triumph of Arms.
KEY WEST, Fla., Feb. 6.— Advices
from Havana state tnat Canovas' fatuous
Cuban reforms nave been current talk
among the people during th- week. The
Cabinst crisis on accountof deprecintion in
paper money and war issues are laid aside
to discuss this important event.
Aitbongh the Government stops the
publication, the facts have leased out and
have been widely commented on. The
very fact that the authorities prevented
the printing of the news has Riven occa
sion to the people to express doubts and
misgivings of the efticacy of tie reforms.
The consensus of opinion of enlightened
Liberal Spaniards is tnat although the re
forms are sullicientiy ample to satisfy
their aspirations, the fact of their pro
mulgation by the Conservatives, who have
always opposed any concessions and who
not many months ago openly declared
tbeir policy "Guns — not reforms," in
clines them to hesitate.
As to the Cubans, it need not be said
that, with the exception of the renegades,
uil agree that the reforms are too weak
and certainly unacceptable to Cubans in
arms.
Reliable information states that Gomez
flatly refused to meet Marcos Garcia, the
delegate sent by the Government to make
proposals of peace. Gcmez would not
hear of any overtures or receive any com
munications tending to open negotiations
unless based upon absolute independence.
Another delegate appointed to en to
Mar.zanillo to talk with Caiixto Garcia de
clined the commission on the spot by say
ing, it was useless.
Gaoper Betancourt's confinement, de
spite the decision of the court for imme
diate release, is the greatest outrage ever
done an American citizen. The case ha->
not a precedent. On the contrary, Span
ish law requires that as soon as a prisoner
is found guiltless he be released on t lie
spot. Tbe proof is that the Judge, as
soon as the tribunal gave sentence, at
once signed a warrant ordering thn jail
warden to place him at liberty, conse
quently his remaining iv jail under the
alleged formalities to be complied with is
simply a flagrant violation of Spanish
law and a shameful injustice to an inno
cent man.
HAVANA, Cuba, Feb. 6.— When Cap
tain-General Weyler reached the ouiskins
of the city of Santa Clara, where he ar
rived to-day, a delegation of prominent
residents of the city went out to receive
him and presented him with an address.
General Weyler replied to the address and
aruonc other things said:
"I am disposed to finish the rebellion at
once in the Santa Clara province. Those
speaking about reforms most know that
the Government hat published them and
given the subject thorough study, but the
establishment of these reforms depends
upon tbe triumph of the Spanish arms."
The Government has ask«d tbe Su
preme Court to furnlsbit with a copy of
the military proceedings against the
American citizens, George Aguirre,
Estaban Gregory and Lorenzo Vives, all
of whom are charged with taking part in
the rebellion.
RfTZeit JS J.9T DA.XGER.
Bit liortr Shot trout Vndrr Bin* by a
Cuban Shnrpthooier. r^v';\>:?v
NEW YORK, N. V., Feb. 6.— A . special
to: the ; N«w York \Vorld from Key West,,
Fia., says: As ' " General .Weyler.^.was
marching with bis columns just before
entering Santa Clara his horse was shot
from under him by a. Cuban sharpshooter.
It is supposed the shot came from a dis
tant hillside. • ■ ■•■■' \ ■■■
Throughout the march from Rodas the
Captain-General was assailed by missiles
of this kind, and several times barely
escaped being wounded.
He is greatly worried over it, and Jarge
scouting parties precede the advancing
Spanish columns to capture the daring
marauders.
A Spanish force of 503 men was am
bushed Wednesday nigbt near Nazarene,
just west of Santa Clara, where General
Weyler was then and narrowly escaped
annihilation.
The insurgents had rained the road and
bridge over a creek and hid on the road
sides.
As the Spaniards were crossing the
bridge mines were exploded, killing
twenty or thirty men and wounding many
more. The blowing up of the tridge di
vided the Spanish force. The Cubans
fireu on those in the rear and then they
charged with machetes. Many Spaniards
were driven into the creek, where they
were drowned.
The soldiers in the rear column just
managed to escape annihilation.
The Cubans captured fifty prisoners,
and report over 100 Spaniards killed,
drowned or wounded and missing. The
Cuban loss was slight.
WILL AOT Ml-t.r W EI r,ER.
Qentrnl Gome* Jtoubta the Sincerity of
th* Spanish Government. • :'•'• ■
NEW YORK, N. V., Feb. 7.— A special
dispatch to the Herald from Havana,
Cuba, February 6 (via Key West, Fla.),
says: General Weyler's attempt to ar
range for a secret conference with General
Gomez in Santa Clara over the question of
the proposed Cuban reforms has proved a
complete fizzle.
General Gomez sent word. It ia said,
that he would not confer with General
Weyler upon any subject whatever, and
refused to meet nim under any circum
stances.
While the rebel leader doubted the sin
cerity of the Spanish Government and de
clared that the proposed reforms would not
be promulgated in good faith he expressed
a willingness to meet any accredited agent
of the Government except Captain-Gen
eral Wfcyler, for the purpose of giving the
insurgent views upon the question.
The news of General Gomez's refusal to
treat with General Weyler caused intense
excitement to-day in official and political
circles.
OEfH ESAL XOLOFF DISMISSED.
IHfticult to Convict Member* of the Cuban
Junta in Aeto Ion;.
NEW YORK, N. V., Feb. 6.-General
Carlos Roloff, Secretary of War of the
Cuban Provisional Government, and Dr.
Jose J. Luis were arraigned to-day in
Commissioner Shields' office, the com
plaint being made on two warrants re
quiring them to appear in Baltimore lor
trial to answer charges of conspiracy, and
"aiding and abetting" in connection with
tbe expedition which left Baltimore for
Cuba in July, 1895. They furnished $3503
bail each.
Assistant United States District Attor
ney Heinmann consented to the dismissal
of charges against General Koloff pre
ferred in tiiis city in connection with the
nibustering expedition on the steamship
Woodali, which occurred in 1895, and con
sented to Dr. Luis' release upon his own
recognizance in the same case.
The hearing ol the charges against Dr.
Luis and Editor Enrique TrujiUo to the
effect that they wero concerned in the
steamship Horsa expedition was set for
to-day, but the lawyer who appeared for
them waived examination before Commis
sioner Shields and the matter goes before
the Federal court.
On Monday next at 11 'clock Assistant
United States Attorney Heinmann will
move before Justice Brown in the United
States criminal court lor the removal of
General Roloff and Dr. Luis to Baltimore.
It is very generally believed that this
formality will ena all legal proceedings
against Cuban patriots in the United
States courts in this city, as in no instance
has conviction been obtained here.
Tne holding of the Luis and Trujillo
cases in abeyance is regarded as mere
formal proceedings. Ttiere is a belief
among prominent Cnbans in this city that
a sensational move against tbe Junta is in
contemplation by the Spanish authorities.
Just what form they anticipate it will
take they will not say.
'Three Friend* 6e x-tl at a Pirate.
JACKSONVILLE, Fla., Feb. 6.— The
steamer Three Friends arrived in port at
noon to-day from Jupiter, and was imme
diately seized by the Collector of Customs
under instructions from the Secretary of
the Treasury upon the charge of piracy,
it b ing alleged that she committed pirat
ical acts on her trip to Cuba last Decem
ber. The steamer Dauntless returned to
port this morning from a wrecking trip.
World Correspondent Arre*t*<t.
WASHINGTON, I). C, Feb. &- Con
sul-General Lee telegraphs to the State
Department from Havana as follows:
"Sylvester Scovel, the World's correspond
ent, wrs arrested yesterday at Tumas,
Santa Clara province." Consul-General
Lee will watch over the interests of Scovel
as an American citizen.
MORTON, R±ID OH DEPEW?
Triangular Fight for Embassador to Eng
land That M y Leave N.w York
Out of the Cabinet.
NEW YORK, N- V., Feb. 6.-New York
Republicans have by no means given up
hope that this State will be represente I in
Mr. McKinley's Cabinet, but they admit
that one or two complications have arisen.
The principal one arises out of the fight
for the embassy to England, which is
coveted by Levi P.. Morton and Whitelaw
Reid, while Depe 1 - has been promised
the support of the Republican organiza
tion for the same plo.ee.
The organizatioa of the State has no
objection whatever to the appointment o;
General Horace Porter to be Embassador
to France.
McKiuley would like to have Cornelius
N. Blis>, and some of the friends of Bliss
indotse General Woodford for Attorney-
General. It was declared that Mr. Bliss
does not desire to do this, and that General
Porter and Anson G. McCook and others
of Mr. B.iss' friends sustain him in the
position. The foregoing is the situation
which confronts the Republican organiza
tion of the State, and in view of the
alleged opposition of Cornelius N. Bass to
General Woodford, it .may be decided
within a day or two by the Republican
organization to drop General Woodford
and concentrate on Representative
Sherman, although it is stated on the
authority of Chairman O' Dell of the Ex
ecutive Siate Committee that Mr. Sher
man is not a candidate apainst Mr. Wood
ford.
The situation, according *o well-in
formed New York Republicans, is not a
pleasant one. The complication over the
Err.ba3=adorship to England, it is said,
will leave an unpleasant taste in the
mouths of many Republicans, and it wa>
added that the decision about this great
place of Embassador to England will
haye very much to do witii th*» selection
of a New York Republican for McKinley's
Cabinet.
Rally of Kyle Supporter*.
PIERRE, S. D., Feb. 6.— To-day's vote
for Senator resulted: Pickler 50, Kyle
56, Plowman 10, Goodykoontz 21, Palmer
1. Kyle to-day received the entire Demo
cratic vote, with one exception, and his
opponents claim that this will be his last
rally.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
LOSES HIS
OWN SCALP
Bookkeeper McCalvy Put
Out of Office by Mr.
Brown.
COYOTE BOUNTY CLAIMS
SCANDAL.
Manipu T aticns of an Employe
Not Tolerated by the Secre
tary of State.
LEGISLATORS WILL RECONSIDER
THE REPORTED BILL.
Further Investigation That May Pre
vent California From Being Fieeced
by Coyote Scalpers.
SACRAMENTO, Cal. Feb. 6.— Coyote
scalps have cost Bookkeeper McCalvy of
the office of the Secretary of State his
position, and his doings aro to be made
the subject of official investigation by the
Senate Finance Committee.
When Secretary of State Brown this
morninsr heard for the first time the story
of McCalvy's trip to Bakersfield to sell
his services on behalf of the coyote bounty
claims he immediately demanded the
resignation of the bookkeeper. In response
to this McCalvy at once wrote the follow
ing and tendered it to his superior, who
promptly accepted it:
Sacramento, Feb. 6, 1897.
Hon. L. H. Brown. Sccrtta: y of State, Sacra
mento. Cot.— Dear Sir: 1 hereby resign my ap
pointment as bookkeeper to ihe Secretary of
State, needing au investigation which I pro
pose to demand in reference to ceriaiu
charges. Yours respectfully.
Geoiige a. McCalvy.
Secretary of State .Brown wns highly in
dignant to-day over the action of his sub
ordinate and the false position in which
irEw to-day:
My baby had Eczema in ita worst form.
' The top of her head was as raw as a piece of <
beef, the hair eaten down to the scalp by ap-
plying tar poultices, and I thonght if she ever
got well she would be bald. The best physi-
cian in the city attended her, but she con-
tinued to get worse all the time, and he finally
admitted " it was the most obstinate case he
had ever seen," and that he was " at his wits*
end." Some one suggested Cuticura Rksie-
eies, which I purchased and tried. In a few
days I noticed a great change. She continued
to improve," andjt oTday is entirely cured, has
a nice head of hair, is lively and hearty, and
. the disease shows no signs of returning. I
eend you her photograph to show her as she
is to-day. "•?.' .:■>
J. B. JACOBS, 2031 Wilkens Aye., Bait., Md.
Brs«DT Cdsk Tbeatukut for all 9eiit axd Bloga
Hdmoks. — Warm baths with Ccticcba Soap, gentl*
applications of Ccticuba (ointment), the great skin cure,
and mild dotei of Cuticuba Risolvist, greateit of
blood pnrifitrt and humor cure*.
Bold throughout fhe world. Pottbb D.*C.Cobi\,Sol«
Fropi., Boiton. " How to Cure the Worst Edema," fre*.
BEAUTIFUL SKIN ÜB SSBIS£rBS3S by
ft lI I P U I Quick as an electric flash Collins'
y U I U 1\ I Voltaic Electric Plasters relieve
sore lungs, weak. backs, painfuj
fl IIP U I kidneys, aching muscles, uterine
\f U I U 1\ I pains, and rheumatism.
WHY
Be bothered with inferior goods when you
can get a first-class article if only you
will call for it. ,
LEVI STRAUSS & COS
. CELEBRATED COPPER RIVETED
OVERALLS AND SPRING BOTTOM PANTS
Axe made of the best materials. ,
Gevred with tho best threads.
' . Finished in the best style.
EVERY GARMENT GUARANTEED.
■■ FOR SALE EVERYWHERE.
SEND for a picture of our I
Factory, we will ■ mail . one to you free
of charge.
I
• '■--■'-
WE EMPLOY OVER 500 GIRLS.
ADDRESS: LEVI STRAUSS & CO.
San Francisco,
California.2
be had been placed through the doings of
McCaivy.
"MCaivy," he sai<?, "left here a week
ago last Sunday without giving me any
notice of his departure, and did not re
turn until Tuesday. I; 1 had had any
hint at all of the nature of his trip I
■would have dismissed him so quickly
tuai it would have made iiis head swim."
In the Senate the report of the Finance
Committee on the coyote-bounty claims
brought on a brief but somewhat heated
debate. The majority report recom
mended that the bi.l be passed, while the
minority rej ort read as follows:
•In view ot information recently re
ceived we respectfully report and recom
mend that the bill De retained in com
mit, cc lor further investigation."
Senator Yoorheis moved that the bill be
referred back to the committee for fur
ther investigation.
Senator Smith, one of the members of
the Finance Committee who voted in
favor of the bill, objected to its being re
ferred unless it retained its place on the
file, adding: "I have no desire to inter-
lere with the committee making such an
investigation aa it sees lit, but I would not
like to nee the bill lose its place on the
file."
Senator Wolfe advocated the re-refer
ence of the bill. He sail: "1 don't see
What objection there can be to referring
this bi.l bacK to the committee. I will
later introduce a resolution giving the
Finance Committee certain power in refer
ence tv this bilL 1 think tnat in view of
certain information which has become
generally known it should be re-referred."
Senator Withington objected to the pro
posed course, saying: "It seems to me
that the Finance Committee has acted on
this and dcci led to refer it to this body.
Tiie same stories were prevalent here at
the last session. If the minority of the
committee t:a- anything to offer besides
t c same old story 1 will lutve no objection
to its goinr over."
Senator Bulla moved the adoptiou of
the majority report, which was seconded
by Smith.
Senatcr Withington stated that i:i his
opinion the Ciaiuia contained in the bill
were honest, and the State should no
longer delay paying them.
Senator Woife, ile:ending the minority
report, spoke as follows:
"1 don't Know wh:\t the old sore s have
been, bv.t I do know tnat sufficient in
formation has come to the knowledge of
the committee to warrant it to make an
investigation, notwithstanding it has al
ready gone through the hands of the com
mittee. The place for such an investiga
tion is before tiie Legislature and not
before the Board of Examiners. We ap
propriate the money a.;ui we should hold
the investigation. There is an appropria
tion here that I am certain is not en
tirely honest."
Senator Smith stated that the Board of
Examiners, had made a thorough examina-
tion of the mater, and added: "I am not
here to defend one solitary claim in con
nection with the coyote scalps, but I de
sire to see honest people get what is hon
estly due them."
The majority report was adopted by a
vote of VZ to 9, and Bulla moved that the
bill be recommitted for further investiga
tion. It was so ordered.
Between now and Monday Senator
"Wolfe will prepare a resolution to be sub
mitted to the Senate, giving the Senate
riuauce Committee power to subpena wit
nesses, administer oaths and take testi
mony in this matter.
Bookkeeper McCalvy made the following
statement to-day in reference to the mys
terious and uusuccessiul pilgrimage "to
Bukersfield:
'1 did not know there was any ona here
looking out for the Kern County people.
I went to Bakerstieid unbeknown to any
one, as I supposed. Tnere was nothing
said about any corruption fund, it was
understood that the money 1 was to get
w:is to go to attorneys for the preparation
of papers, the introduction of a bill and
forappesring be.'ore committees and to
attention to tLe claims until they
were paid by tne Slate. Until that time I
was not to receive a dollar if they did not
leel dis: oied to pay me tue percentage. I
was willing to advance ihe money for this
proposition. lea 1 , mated th:ii the expense
would be between $4000 and $3000. I never
mentioned tLe matier to any member of
.the feenate or Assembly either before I
went or since ray return, I was unsuccess
ful and dropped the matter. I now want an
investigation."
In response to questions McCalvy said
that he had never Drought the fact df his
being connected with the Secretary of
State's office to the attention of any of the
Bakerslieid people. He added, however,
that many of the people there knew him
and that i;e was employed in that office.
Continuing, he said: "I saw nothing
wrong in 'the matter. It struck me as a
good business proposition. Attorneys ap
pear before these committees every duy.
Secretary Brown did not know I was go
ing to Bakersiiyld. I made up my mind
suddenly on fcur.day afternoon and caught
the 5 o'clock tram. I sent a Yeroal mes
sage to Brown that I would not be in the
office. He referred to my trip for the first
time yesterday afternoon, when he asked
ice why I went to Bakersfietd. I told him
1 went on personal business.
'•These scalp claims are held by two or
three bankers and merchants in" Bakers
tifld, that is, the Kern County coyote
claims. They aggregate something more
than $SO,OiX), and I understand that the
law firm of Freeman & Bates of San Fran
cisco hold $100 000 worth of them. One of
the principal things that I proposed to do
ior the people l was to represent was to
Introduce a bill which would obviate tbe
necessity of proving the validity of the
scalp receipts held by them. The measure
nov,- before the .Legislature provides that
each claimant must prove the validity of
his receipt or receipts, and that tuey were
not obtained by fraudulent practice or
imposition."
McCalvv was a resident of San Luis
Obispo until six years ago, when he en
tered upon the duties of Deputy Clerk of
the Supreme Court at San Francisco,
under Brown, who was then Clerk of that
tribunal. When Brown was elected Secre
tary of State McCalvy accompanied him
to this city to fill the position of book
keeper in his office.
AO CR O OKfiW ES/i TJUEIIE.
Kern County Hankers and Officials Talk
Aboui Coyote Scnl-pt.
BAKERSFIKLD, Cal ., Feb. 6.— "So far
as lam concerned, I know of no scandal
whatever counected with the coyote scalp
business. I came into possession of my
cemhcates in a perfectly straightforward
manner." Thus spoke Charles Bicker
dike, assistant cashier of the Kern Valley
Bank, by way of reply to the information
thai the Senate is going to investigate the
coyote scandal. "I bought the certificates
from the men, who duly and regularly de
livered the scalps lo the Supervisors.
That is all I know about it." Mr. Bicker
dike is interested in the scalp tie-up to the
tune of a lew thousand dollars. Other
gentlemen who are thus interested spoke
regarding t!ie affair as did Mr. Bickerdike.
H. A. blodget, cashier of the Kefn
County Bank, who is said to be the most
heavily interested of this county, is out
of town, and therefore could not be seen
regarding the ma{ter.
"I was a member of the Board of Super
visors Id 1893 94, when the bu<k of coyote
scalps were received," said Supervisor
Jastro, "and the only thing we discovered
in all this time that cou.d be construed
into crookedness was that they would try
to palm off on us wildcat scalps once ia a
while and now and then try to make two
out of one. The men would bring the
scalps to us, make the required altidavit
in return, receive their receipts and go on
about their business."
"Did you ever think from the number
of scalps that would come In from time to
time that there were a good many coyotes
in the county?"
"Yes, I did; but everything came in
straight so far as we could see, and that
ended our duty."
Supervisor Taylor, who was also on the
board at that time, corroborated Mr.
Jastro. He, too, at times was surDrised at
the number of coyotes to be found in the
county. It was the custom of the board
to make a public burning of these scalps
every moatn. Edgar Moore during his
career of expertiug in this county Uiscov
eted a "mare's nest" in connection with
the coyote business, and in consequence
recommended the indictment of two par
ties by the Grand Jury. The indictments
were returned, but like most the others
that Moore figured in, were swept aside
by the Superior Court as being too flimsy
to come to trial.
IX SEA ATE A.\lt ASSEMBLY.
Coyote Scalp and Ttmporary Organiza
tion Scandal* Hob Up.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Feb. 6.— The
scandal over coyote scalps was lightly
touched upon in the Senate to-day. Voor
hies presented the report of the Finance
Committee, signed by five members,
recommending that the bill pass. He
asked that the Dill be sent back to the
committee for further investigation.
Smith objected, saying he was not op
posed to the investigation, but ranted the
report to remain on file.
Wolfe declared that an investigation
was absolutely demanded.
Withington objected to further delay.
He thought the bill should be paid.
W life agreed that the honest claims
should be paid, but he believed some of
the claims presented were not honest.
Smith said the bill gave the Board of
Examiners too great power, but many
honest claims were involved and should be
sealed.
Bulla moved that the report be adopted
in order to retain its place on the file.
Adopted, 12 to 9. Bulla then moved to re
commit the claims to the Finance Com
mittee for investigation, which was also
agreed to. The investigation will begin
Monday.
Holloway, from the Committee on At
taches, reported that the Senate was being
overcharged on stationery and that one
bill had been cut from $169 to $119.
A long; discussion ensued over the propo
sition to continue the subsidy to a monthly
magazine from the educational funds of
the State. The bill was defeated.
In the afternoon bills were finally passed
directing the State Prison Directors to
employ twenty prisoners in the construc
tion of roads to the State prison at San
Quentin and amending the c de in rela
tion to the support of families interested
in estates of deceased persons at a less
value than $1500.
Several billu on the second reading lile
were read, among them Senate bill 4»(i,
authorizing the acquisition of two sites
for camp* of instruction and target prac
tice far the National Guard; 538 and 889,
ceding to the United States property held
by the Government for military pur
poses, and transferring to the Federal
Government certain lands.
At 3 o'clock adjournment was taken to
Monday. -V*!
Speaker Coombs introduced in the As
sembly this morning a resolution from the
special committee appointed to revise the
payroll of attaches of the Assembly, to
authorize the committee to reduce tne per
diem of the several employes and at
taches of the Assemby, to report said re
duction to the house, and that said reduc
tion take effect to-day.
The resolution precipitated an animated
discussion. Melick charged that the
| Democrats were endeavoring to cast
' odium upon the Republican majority.
Malcolm thoug t it would be untair to
j cut down the pay of attaches after bring
i ing them here to accept positions.
Anderson said the men were acting like
boys and were furnishing material for
newspaper scandais in their charges of
corruption and investigation.
A resolution offered by Leavitt, to
amend Coombs' resolution by making it
provisional upon the approval of the
house, was adopted and the resolution
ihen passed.
Favorable reports were received from
the Ways and Means Committee on the
bills appropriating $50,000 for a Normal
School at San Diego; also appropriating
$10,000 for the improvement of Salt River
in Humboldt County.
An uniavorable report was made on tb.9
bill providing for a gubernatorial residence
at Sacramento. Adjourned until Monday.
CO O3IBS' JtKSOLUIION, } v ;,<;,;*
It Causes th* Asteinhly to Begin the
PropnmeO. JietreneUment. -.{.-
SACRAMENTO, o*l., Feb. 6.— Speaker
Coombs caused some excitement this
morning by introducing the following
resolution:
Yonr select committee appointed to revise
the payroll of attaches of the Assembly hereby
; report and recommend the adoption of the
i following resolution :
Resolved, That the select committee be and
! It is hereby authorized and empowered to re
i duce the per di«m of the several employes and
at:aches of the Assembly, to report said reduc
tion to the House, and tnat saicf reduction take
effect as oi this Oih day of February, 1897.
Coombs spoke in favor of his resolution.
|He believed that tbe Assembly was
: anxious to rconomiz* in the matter of its
attaches, and he hoped thnt there would
j be no opposition to the adoption of the
j resolution. It would cut down the ex
penses of the Assembly from $100 to $300
per day.
Dibble favored the resolution, but
moved to amend by adding the words "If
adopted by the House."
In explanation of this amendment, he
j said that he did not favor granting to any
committee the absolute power to judge of
i the amount of reduction tnat should be
i made in the salaries of members. It
I would be unprecedented to give to the
i committee this power, and. as the House
i was the proper body to decide matters of
this kind, he hoped that there would be
no opposition to the amendment
Jones of San Francisco objected to the
resolution. It was not fair to the attache?, i
"These attaches came here and succeeded |
in getting themselves appointed to the
positions they occupy at a certain fixed
per diem. T ey accepted the positions
and worked to obtain them in. good faith,
and I do not f&vor any move to reduce
their salar.es at this time. lam opposed
to the resolution," added Mr. Janes.
Cutter of Yuba favored the resolution
because he believed that the contingent
fund would be exhausted within ten days.
The Governor might veto another appro
priation.
Cnminetti denounced the resolution as.
a miserable makeshift and opposed it.
The resolution in favor of retrenchment
nnd reform was adouted in spite of the
Democratic fight led against it' by Cami
nettu
JFOVR VOXlKti 31 A CIIIS 1:3.
Contrivances for Jieqi*irr\nrj Ballots for
the Jnnpeetlon of Legislator*.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Feb. 6.— There
are four voting machines on exhibition
here in the Capitol, all Ca'ifornian inven
tions, none of them using electricity and
three of them requiring the voter to open
a door or to turn a stile before the ma
chine unlocks itself. The fourth differs
from the three others mater-ally. The
voter, pressing upon a button, punches a
hole in a ticket opposite the name of his
candidate, and at the close of the polls
those holes are counted by the election
officers. The : other machines . register
each vote after the fashion of a cash regis
ter; two of them — the Ducas and the
Capital— show the totals on wheels for
each candidate, but the Ellis machine,
immediately on the close of the polls,
prints -the total received by each candi
date in triplicate.
If California, in experimenting with
voting machines, is to follow the methods
of the Eastern States which have legal
ized their use, the present Legislature will
approve one or more of • the inventions
and make a law for each such machine
adopted. For instance, Michigan, in 1893,
maae a law permitting "the Rhines vote
recorder, or any' other vote-recorder of
similar construction and principle," to be
used at all town, city and village elec
tions. At that same session the Michigan
Legislature passed, also, an act to allow
the use of "the Abbott automatic ballot
machine, or any other ballot machine ot
similar construction and principle" in all
to.vnship, city or village elections. These
two machines were thus legalized by sep
arate -nets, both of ' which were approved
by the Governor on the same day.
> Two years' later Michigan adopted a
third, the Myers ballot machine, as a
legal voting system, and passed an act
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, StXNDAY, FEBRUARY 7, 1897.
which permits its use at ail elections in
the State. Here, then, is one State which
has legalized and is experimenting with a
number of automatic voting schemes.
In 1896 the Legislature of Connecticut
made two distinct voting machine laws,
one for the McTammany, the other for the
Myers machine. New York and Massa
chusetts have both approved the Myers
machine. In all these cases the enacting
clause specifically mentions the machine
for which tiie law is designed.
Upon close consideration of the subject
it becomes evident that it is impossible to
make one law govern a multitude of
voting systems. Eton machine has its
peculiar method of counting and canvass
ing and its own method and theory of
conducting an election, and the lav that
will put one into operation by the very
nature of things could not be adapted to
the purposes of another. If this is eood
logic and correct law the Legislature will
find it necessary when it makes any
voting machine law to carefully examine
the merits of the various machines of
fered, select one or more of the best, and
mak« for each a law that will permit its
use by such boards of municipal trustees
or county supervisors as may be pre
vailed upon to buy them or try them.
AAMtOUs' LICEXBB BILL.
Small Jtetttil Liquor n-aiert Oppose the
.Uraaure.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Feb. 6.— Senator
Androus to-day introduced what is evi
dently the Code Commission's bill in ref
erence to a State license on all saloons.
It provides for a $300 annual license to be
paid to the State irrespective of county
and city licenses. It is understood that
the bill is generally opposed by the retail
liquor dealers throughout the State, but
has the support of some of the members
ol the California Protective Association,
the liquor dealers' State organization.
Those who are disposed to give the meas
ure a fair trial are mainiy the wholesale
liquor merchants w..0 believe that such a
license will tend to weed out many of the
objectionable smaller saloon-keepers.
They hope in this way to see the moral
standard of the business advanced, as
well as the liuancial status of the retailer.
On tne part of those who are opposed to
the measure it is claimed that particular
hardship will be worked on ihe saloon
keepers of Alameda, San Diego, Los An
geles and other counties wherein the tax
on saloons is already high. The full text
of the proposed constitutional amend
ment follows:
The Legislature shell have no power to im
pose taxes upon counties, cities, towns or
other public or municipal corporations, or
upon the inhabitants or property thereof, for
county, city, town or other municipal pur-.
I poses; but may, by general law*, vest in tbe
corporate authorities thereof the power to as
, ses* and collect taxes for mk ii purpose.
t'rovided, however, that no person, firm or
! corporation shall transact, carry on, conduct
or eugage in the business of selling or vend
ing malt, v:uous or spiri' uous liquors without
first paying the sum of $300 to tbe State Treas
urer ot this state, who suull thereupon issue ft
license, to be couutersigned by the Stale Con
troller, to carry on and conduct such bunmet-s
at a place named in said license, and suid
license shall be valid for one year from its
date.
Nothing contained herein shall be construed
to abridge, deny or impair the right of couuty,
city and county, or other municipal corpora
tions to impose and collect license taxes on
such business, or to regulate for any purpose,
or to control, abolish or suppress trie utme,
No license shall \>o issued by ihe State Treas
urer to carry ou or conduct suid business witu
in the limits of any such municipality in
which tbe legislative body has declared by
I ordinance thai no license snail be lseucdf or
. such business, or that the same shall be
abolished or suppressed.
Violation of the act is made a rnisde
| meanor.
COXDT7CTOKS' DEPOSITS.
Streetcar Cotnpanin TT.ll Be Inquired
to Melurn them.
SACRAMENTO, Gal., Feb. 6.— lf As
sembly bill 1&2, introduced by Emmons
to-day, should become a law, streetcar
conductors will be no lousier required to
make a cash deposit, it is entitled "An
act to prevent and forbid street railroad
companies and other corporations from
requiring deposits from employes." Cor
porations are commanded to return such
deposits within thirty days after tne pass
age of the act, ana a violation shall be
puni3hed by a line of $100 for e»ch and
every offense.
This bill is by the author of the one for
the encouragement of {rambling on trot
ting horses in the summer time and for
the discouragement of gambling on run
ning horses in the winter, and is evi
dently an exhibition of fusion buncombe
for the benetit of the minority. No con
ductor or motorman would be so fooiish
as to ask for his deposit or to complain
if he did not receive it should the bill De
come a law, because he would t>e very
likely to lo^e his grip. In the absence of
united, determined effort on the par: of
employes the bill would be inoperative.
If Jl AT IS i'XOI'ERTIf
■The JLow to Jie AmmAeA for the I'urpoie
..,.. of t.xemptiott J-'rotn 'taxation. -
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Feb. 6. — Bcsl
shaw's Assembly constitutional amend
ment No. 30 provides that the word "prop
erty,' as used in this article and section,
■is hereby declared to include moneys,
credits, bond*, stocks, dues, special fran
chises, and ail other matters and things,
real, per.-onal and mixed, capable of pri
vate o> nershlp; provided, that property
used for free public libraries and free
museums, growing crops, property used
exclusively for public schools, and such,
as may belone to the United States, this
State, or to any county or municipal cor
poration, within the State, shall be exempt
from "taxation; provided, also, that all
vessels registered or enrolled at any port
in this State, and engaged in ocean com
merce between any. port in the United
States and any foreign port, or between
•ports in the United States, shall be exempt
from all license • taxes or regulation, and
from all local and State taxation. The
Legislature may provide, except in case
of credits secured by mortgage or trust
deed, for a deducuon'from credits of debts
due to bons-fide residents of this State.
SUItUAY LAW.
All I'lact of Bmttnmta. With Tew Ex-
crptton*, to He Clotett.
SACRAMENTO. Cal., Feb. 6.—Em
mons' Assembly bill (597 is one of several
proposing to establish Sunday laws in
California. It reads as follows:
Section 299. Every person who on the
Christian -S lObatn, gets up, exhibits, or opens,
or maintains, or aids in getting up. exhibiting,
opening, or maintaining, any bull, tear, cock
or prize flghi, horserace, circus, gambling
house, or stiioon, or any barbarous and noisy
amusement.
Section 300. Every person who keeps open
on Sunday any store, workshop, bar, saloou,
banking-house, or other place of business, lor
the purpose of transacting business therein,
1b puuishable by fine not less than $5 nor
more than $50.
Section 301. The provisions of the preceding
section do not apply to persons who. on Bun
day, keep open hotels, boarding-houses, bar
ber-shops, baths, markets, restaurants, tav
erns, iivery-stabies, or retail drugstores, for
the legitimate business of each, or such manu
facturing establishments us are usually kept
in continued operation; provided, that the
provisions of the preceding section shall ap
ply to persons keeping open barber-shops,
bathhouses and hmrdressin* saloons after 12
o'clock m. on Sunday.
JUISAHLth VOLICE.
A Bill in Which the San I rnnctsco lie-
pnrtment it Jntrrrittrd.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Feb. 6 — Treacy's'
Assembly bill 69? amends sections 8 and 4
of the act to create a police relief, health
and life insurance and pension fund, etc.,
so as to read as follows:
Whenever a person at the taking effect of
this act, or thereafter, shall have been duly
appointed «ud sworn, and nave served for the
period of twenty years or mine as a member
in any capacity, or any rank whatever, of the
reguiarly constituted police department of
any such couu tjr, city and county, city or town
which may be* hereafter subject to the pro
visions of this act, said board tshall be em
powered to order and direct that such
person shall, after becoming fifty-five years ol
age, and his services in such police depart
ment shall have ceased, be paid from such
fund a yearly pension equal to one-half of the
amount oi salary attached to the rank which
he may have held In said police department
for one year next preceding the expiration ol
said term : of twenty years, proTlded that no
person shall receive the pension attached by
the provisions of this act to any ranic which
he held prior to aucb retirement for any con
secutive period of less than two years.
Sec- 2. Section 4 of said act is hereby
amended to read as follows:
• Sec. 4. Whenever any person while Berving
as a policeman in any such county, city and
county, city or town, shall become physically
disabled while in and In cousequence of his
duty as such policeman, said board may. upon
his written request, or without such request if
it deem it for the good of such police force,
retire such person from active service and
order -and . direct that he be paid
from said : fund a yearly pension equal
to one half the amount of. the
salary attached ' to the ■ rank which he
may have held for any period not less than
one year immediately preceding such retire*
ment; provided, that when such disabl ity
shall cease such pension shall also' cease, and
such p.rson shall, after the cessation of -said
disability, have preference in , employment;
and provided further, tnat no such policeman
nor police officer shall be re-employed after
such disability has ce»sed, who has then
reached the age of retirement as provided for
iv section 3 of this act aa herein and hereby
amended.
Learned Jlailroad*.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Feb. 6.— The As
sembly Committee on Corporations intro
duced to-day bill 780 amending section 465
of the Civil Code relating to the powers of
railroads by adding the words: "Any
railroad corporation may contract with
another railroad corporation for the pas
sage over its railroad tracts of locomotives
and cars, and the running of railroad
trains thereon owned and operated by
such other railroad corporations."
By "tracts" the committee evidently
means "tracks."
Fraudulent Evidence.
SACRAMENTO, Cal.. Feb. 6.—Bett
nian's Assembly bdl 702 reads as follows:
Sec. 132. Every person who, upon any trial,
proceeding, inquiry or investigation wnatever,
authorized or permitted by iaw, offers in evi
dence as genuine or true any book, paper,
document, record or ottier instrument in writ
ing, knowing tne same to have been forged, or
fraudulently altered or ante-dated, and every
person who certifies as true and correct any
testimony of a witness taken as a deposition,
knowing the deposit on to be an untrue, par
tial or incorrect record of the testimony of the
witness, is guilty of felony.
< olUciut/ Folltax.
SACRAMENTO, Cal,, Feb. 6 —Assem
bly bill 777, by Gately of San Francisco,
introduced to-day, provides that polltax
must be collected between the first Mon
nay in March and the second Monday of
January of the ensuing year. The Tax
Collector shall receive lor his services in
collecting the poiltax 15 per cent and on
the delinquent polltaxes 25 per cent.
Veterans t.r-tnpt
SACRAMENTO. Cal., Feb. 6 —Assem
bly bill 695, by Hill, provides that all hon
orably discharged soldiers, sailors and
marines who served at least ninety days
in the War of the Rebellion are hereby
exempted from the payment of any road
tax. road poll tax and head tax of every
description.
More Jime to Jteottter.
SACRAMENTO, Cal;, Feb. 6.—McCan
dlish's Assembly bill 779, introduced to
day, amends the registration of electors
law, and provides that registration shall
commence 140 days before a general elec
tion, and shall continue for 100 days thence
next ensuing, when such registration shall
cea^e.
A. i 111 Silt l. .', -i/vw POVERTY.
Va»t ttehetne of *alr.>tianlit* to Rtlitv
the lUrmployed.
CHICAGO, 111., Feb. 6.— Commander
riootli-Tucker and Colonel Brewer of the
Salvation Army will meet in this city
within two weeks to arrange the prelim
nariea for the establishment of a vast
system of social settlements similar to
that in operation in England, organized
by General Booth.
The venerable founder of the army will
come here when the preliminary work is
done, and after setting the great indus
trial and economic scheme in motion he
will leave it in the care of the American
officers mentioned. The establishment is
intended to be a crusade against poverty
in all its forms.
Chicago is to be the center of this sys
tem and its boundaries will be the United
States. City colonies are to be established,
where at least terrporary work will be
offered every idle man in the city; spaci
ous tenement houses are to be provided
under army supervision, and eventually
the colonies are to be extended within a
radius of several hundred miles from the
city.
President Harper of the Chicaeo Uni
versity and President Rogers of the North
western University, and other university
professors, educators and philanthropists,
have taken an active interest in the mat
ter, as outlined by the army leaders.
MADAMt: iJLL.iltlf Jn FREE.
Another American Qirl Who Harriett
for a lill*.
SIOUX FALLB, 8. D., Feb. 6— Mme.
Villard, who has been one of the especi
ally interesting characters in this city for
more than a half year, is a free woman,
so far as matrimonial lies are concerned.
J. W. Jones to-day signed the decree
which dissolved the matrimonial bonds
which held Julia de la Tour dv Villard to
ta. Brice Ernest Gabriel Raymond Mar
quis de la Tour dv Yillara.
She was Miss Chapin of Mew York, and
in 1892 married the Marquis, with whom
she saiieu for France and lived until a
year ago, when she was forced to leave
him, being penniless. She says that after
arriving in Paris they took apartments jn
a fashionable quarter, but notwithstand
ing the fact that the Marquis was worth
575,000 francs, he considered it beneath
him to pay any of their bills, and she was
obliged to doit herself, even settling his
laundry rails. After her money was ex
hausted, and their landlord insis edapon
payment of his rent, she was obliged to
pledge her jewels in order to procure the
cash to satisfy him.
OA AS OFJFICJAH-TBIT.. *
General Clnrkton Start* Out to Visit
. Grand Army Potts. r
OMAHA, Nebb., Feb. General T. S.
Clarkson, commander-in-chief of the G.
A. R., started to-day for an extended
official trip through the East. He will be
accompanied as far as Chicago by his
daughter. Miss Clara Clarkson. The Gen
eral is booked for visits to those depart
men ts whose encampments will be in
session during bis visit, and arrangements
are being made everywhere for his re
ception and entertainment at Woonsocket,
February 8, 9; Worcester, February 10,
12; Potomac, at Washington, February
16. 17; Maryland, at Hagerstown, Febru
ary 16. 19; Minnesota, at Bt. Paul, Febru
ary 23, 24. General Clarkson will spend
February 14 and 15 at Baltimore with
relatives and while- there a reception will
be tendered him. ' : '">-/ ' V !
•
Shipiereekta Finhfrmen Baf* at Borne.
BOSTON, Mass., Fen. 6.— The steamer
Boston from Yarmouth, N. £ which ar
rived this rooming, brought thiny-three
shipwrecked fishermen who had been sent
home by the United States Consul. The
men composed the crews or the Glouces
ter fishing vessels Merce, Yosemite. Mcg
gie and Lillie. They all :iad experienced
terrible suffering.
Sugar I'eoplt and Coffer.
TRENTON, N. J., Feb. 6,— Tha Ameri
can Coffee Company was incorporated to
day with a capital cock of $100,000. The
incorporators are Henry O. Havemeyer,
John E. Searlcs, John E. Parson and
Theodore Havemeyer.
50 pieces black mohair, granite and
pierola cloths, suit 98 75. City of Paris.*
ARGUES FOR THE
UNION PACIFIC
Senator Thurston Continues
His Speech Against
Foreclosure. 1
What Would the Government
Do With the Road if
It Had It?
Must Take in the Central Pacific to
Have a Continuous Line to
the Golden Gate.
WASHINGTON, D. C, FeO. 6.— ln the
Senate to-day tne diplomatic and consular
appropriation bill was reported from the
Appropriations Committee by Hale (R.) of
Maine, who stated that be would call it
up Monday.
A resolution was offered \ y White (D.)
of California, and agreed to, calling on the
Secretary of the Treasury for a statement
as to the discontinuance of general bonded
warehouses.
A resolution was offered by Allen (Pop.)
of Nebraska, and agreed to, looking to the
prohibition of the acceptance of gilts by
army officers from private citizens for
services rendered.
Allen's resolution looking totbe suspen
sion and prohibition of the judiciul sale of
the Union Pacific Railroad property was
tasen up, and Thurston (R.) of Nebraska
re>umed bia speech against it. Thur3
ton said that in hia judgment the Union
Pac tic, under the receivers, had not been
making enough income to maintain the
property as it should be maintained and
to pay fair interest un the amount which
the reorganization committee proposed to
bid for the property.
As ne figured out the whole matter it
was this: If the Government took, the
1800 miles of the Union Pacific line it
vould hare to pay in cash out of the treas
ury over $50,000,000; if it got the terminals
it would have to pay fifteen or twenty mil
lions more for them, and, besides that, it
would have to forego the receipt of $29,
--000,000 in cash, malting an investment of
some eighty millions, equal to about
$45,000 per mile of railroad. And what,
he asked, would the Government do with
the road if it bad it? It would have to
extend the aame policy of purchase to the
Central Pacific, so as to have a line from
I Ogden to the Golden Gate.
At 2 p. m. the Nicaraeoa canal bill was
laid before the Senate as the unfinished
business.
Vilas (D.) of Wisconsin asked unani
mous consent that the bill go over in
formally to enable Thurston to continue
his speech, but objection was made by
Morgan (D. ) of Alaoama, in charge of the
bill.
This was resented by Thurston, who
said that he would ask consent to resume
his speech on Monday, and that as he re
ceived courtesy so should he {jive it.
The-Senate then proceeded to the con
sideration of uuobjected bills on the
calendar. Among others the following
wer» passed: Benate bill for the establish
ment and maintenance of a National Sol
diers' Home, at ilot Springs, S. D. ;
Senate bill to make Commodore William
P. McCann of the navy a rear-admiral on
the retired list; Senate bill regulating bell
and horn signals of steam and sailing ves
sels at sea; resolution (offered by i! organ )
relating to the capture of the Competitor
by a Spanish man-of-war, and requesting
the President to communicate to- the
Senate all the facts and proceedings;
Senate bill appropriating $12,000 to the
widow of Mr. Swift, formerly United
States Minister to Japan.
When Senator Cameron's joint resolu
tion acknowledging the independence of
Cuba had been reached on the calendar
the presiding officer (Hill) suggested good
humored ly that if there was no objection
the joint resolution would b«s regarded as
passed. Objection was promptly forth
coming, and Morgan muved to proceed
with the consideration of the joint resolu
tion, notwithstanding the objection. Sub.
sequently he withdrew the motion, but
gave notice that he would reuew it on
every proper occasion.
At 3p. m. resolutions in honor of the
late Representative Cogswell were laid be
fore the Senate and eulogies were deliv
ered by Senators Hoar, Blancnard, Hans
brough, Qnllinger aiid Lodge, and ttien, as
a further mark of respect, the Senate ad
journed until Monday.
Brief Srnnion of the Bouse.
WASHINGTON, D. C. Feb. 6. -The
House to-day in committee ol the whole
concluded consideration of the bill making
appropriations for the expenses ol the
District of Columbia for the yrar ending
June 30, 1898, and then passed it. But tew
amendments, an«l those unimportant,
were made tn it. Tbe.biil to amend the
Wilson tariff act so as to permit the treas
ury officials to sell forfeited opium to the
hichest bidder and not require them to
pay ho amount of the duty of $10 a pound
wai parsed. ....
j At 2:45 p. m. the House adjourned.
LOOKS HEllJbt. FOJt COLEMA.X.
heatons B/iy the Alleged Stamp-Thief
Slav Re Innocent.
WASHINGTON, D. C. Feb. 6.— The
impression that the inspectors of the
Postoffic* Department have made a mis
take in arresting Hamilton F. Colernan in
New York yesterday on the charge of
stealing uncanceled stamps used for bags
or seconu,-class mail matter is gaining
ground here in the official circles con
cerned. Tnis afternoon a conference with
regard to the case was held between Post-
master-General Wilson, Kerr Craige, the
third assistant Postmaster-General. Chief
Inspector Wheeler and Inspector Arring
ton, and while the result was not made
public it is believed that Coleman's
chances for release were improved by it.
Postoffice officials are discovering many
methods by which the stamps could get
into the posses-ion of individuals not con
nected with the department without any
recourse to criminal or otner illegal
methods. It- is said that retiring po«t
Only
One True Blood Purifier— Hood's Sarsaparilla.
the medicine with the greatest record of cures,
greates; sales, greatest merit. It purifies the
blood, gives appetite and strength.
Sarsaparilla
Is the medicine to make and keep you well.
HnnH'c Dille are the best after-dinner
IIUUU b flllS pills, aid digestion. 23c.
masters frequently abstract periodical and
other stamps, cover up the matter in their
final reports and pay any deficiency out of
their own pockets.
Tbe Government loses nothing and there
tiring postmaster disposes of th*» Deriodi
cal stamps for an amount sufficient to
cover up his own contribution to the Post
office Department and perhaps makes
something extra. -
A. C. Townsend, the philatelist with
whom Coleman was interested, declares
Coleman is innocent and that proof of it
can b3 produced. Coleman's reputation
among his associates in the General Laud
Office is excellent.
BRITISH GUI AS A AFFAIRS.
Colonial Legislature IHstolred and a
fl'nrral Election Ortlerrd.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Feb. 6 —Advices
received to-day from British Guiana at tbe
Bureau of South American Republics state
the colonial legislature has been dissolved
for the first time in five years and a gen
eral election ordered, which was to occur
January 20.
Before the la^t se=aion closed a resolu
tion was passed to pay Government Sur
veyor Harrison $9SO as part compensation
for his arrest several months apo by tbe
Venezuelans on the Acarabisci. This sum
is to be deduct; d from any indemnity for
the arrests that Venezuela hereafter may
make under pressure from the British
Government.
Some of the Legislature's members
questioned the Government as to the ex
act terms of the arbitration agreement,
and were informed that the Secretary of
State considered it undesirable to publish
the correspondence at this time.
Smator Harri* Get* Relirf.
WASHINGTON, D. C. Fdb. 6.—Sena
tor Harris of Tennessee, who has been
quite ill in this city, had an operation
performed Jast night on one of bis eyes
which has given him great relief.
Whether the Senator will lose the sight
entirely of that eye the oculist would not
say, refusing to discuss the matter, but
it is probable that this will prove to be
the case, as it has been discovered that
the eye has been defective for two years
and gradually losing; its power of vision.
The Nerves of Life
■fßJS|3§lj|}| If©
1 Emm jsifif mSB ij ~"
IT 13 A GOOD THING FOR EVERYONE TO
' I know that wheu they worry or iret or over-
> exhaust their brain they affect these nerves,
because these nerves originate in the brain
and are distributed to the throat, lungs, livor,
heurt aud stomach. If people woul'.l really
tudv the human anatomy more and be less
prudish they would live better and longer
' lives. It is only a iittle wnile ago that the
| Puritan/would cover the uprights of a piano
bo that no one cou'd see its extremities in bold
outline. These days have passed away nn 1
men and women nre leading better lives and
are leading more accurate lives. We espe- '
cially appeal to voting men. YOUNG MAN,
have you a true discernment of the difficulties
with which you have surrounded yourself?
Do you realize that your nights of dissipation
and no sleep have brought on your present
decline? Have you erred iv youth? Have
you exhaust. -d vonr nerve forces? If you have
abused yourself, kent too late hours or dlsti-
putcd in any oiher form it U now time ior you
, to halt. .
BE WISE-NOT FOOLISH.
BE MANLY-HOT BASHFUL.
BE VIGOROUS-HOT WEAK.
I BE POWERFUL-NOT PUNY.
The great "HUDYAN" treatment is the riirht
I treatment to build you up". "HUDYAN" is a
remarkable remedio-treatment created for the
use of men. It is a remedio-treatment that
has been used by the phys:cians of the Hud-
son Medical Institnte for many years. It has
been tried by hundreds and hundreds of young
and middle-aged men all over the United
State*, It is a success. It actually does lta
work. Files and fi.es andfiles of testimonials
tell that "HUDYAN" is a great cure. These
testimonials are in the offices of the Hudson
Medical Institute. The Hudson Medical Insti-
tute is the largest institute on the Pacific
Coast. This is not an advertising braz; this
is not said in ostentation. If you will loolc
2 V hV>, e , 1 , n 5lU u te / inii " D Francisco you will
find that the Hudson Medical Institute occu-
pies the largest builaing-a building enntain-
ing 3J rooms. Tne physicians of the Hudson
Medical Institute have in their offices a variety
of hydropathic and electrical instruments. If '■
you are living within callin* you ought tocal.
It will Pay you to call. If you cannot call
write to the Hudson Medical lns.itute for
CIRCULARS AND TESTIMONIALS. "
BLOOD POISON. when your blood is out
_. nnn __ ' of order, when your olood
BLOOD POISON, is tainted, you will notioe
.>■ nn . n n " that your hiir is tailing
BLOOD POISOX. out, your breath isoffen-
_ _ _„_! ' sive, your tongue isswol-
BLOOD POISON, len, your throat is sore.
«»^.^.^-_- • " You have lumps about
BLOOD POISON, your body. You have
__.„,._ ~ glandular- lumps. You
BLOOD POISON, have spots on yonrbodjr—
. ._,_.^ •■ -copper-colored snots. It
BLOOD POISON, may be in the first, sec-
_ • • ondary or tertiary state.
BLOOD POISON. The best cure is the 30-
-diy cure. Consult the
BLOOD POISON. Hudson doctors about the
;•-:''. ■ ■;: 3Q-day cure, or write for
BLOOD POISON. 30-day cure circulars free.
HUD&ON MEDICAL IN-
BLOOD POISON. STITUTE, Stockton, Ellis
'Z'Si-f. ■' and Market Streets. ,
Be Advised by the Hudson Doctors Free.
\, Be Advised by the Hudson Doctors Free.
Be Advised by the Hudson Doctors Free. ;
Be Advised by tne Hudson Doctors Free. :
Be\Advised'by the Hudson Doctors Free. •
Be Advised by the Hudson Doctors Free. •- i
. - Be Advised by the Hudson Doctors Free.
.Be Advise I by the Hudson Dic'ors Free. •
l Be Advised by, t"ie Hudson Doctors Free.
Be Advised by the Hudson' Dootors Free.
• Be Advised by the Hudson-Doctors' Free." \
NEW TO-DAY.
oublpFcial sales
THE TALK OFTHE TOW.\! j
L00K: at THisJWs List
6-tb PAILS ATMOBE'S MINCE MEAT r rvc
20 lbs FIN E NEW CROPDUIEb PE A "jRS mi . 0( )
for tip 1
GLACE CITROIS— Very choice; per Ib. . *;nc
MIXKD Nlf- — AlVkinds; choiewst qu'a'l- iTiic
ity: new crop; er ft, [2a
EAULE BttA.N .1 Condensed Mi1k.....'.'. -j r(j
SYRUP" ' WESTEBX' "iteflriery" ' Sogari n'- n
drlpa 8-ga lon kecs ' 9n
CANDLES-Uood qual.ty: lißfor. . "" o-f.
.".....;. ■" ,£0
SABDINES— Genuine imported; 3 cans c"»t>
for ;.„ -iO
STRING BEANS— 2 tb cans for. "1....... V c
R-bUBLI'AV as good a'sßurke's: ffi> 1 or
per doz M __
I.KMON AND ORANUE PEEL-10 Jbafi'T .OO
.for... .»... J!p J[
PKUNEH— New crop French; 21 lbs for.. Q 1 .00
OYSTERB^-New pack;' very "fine";" "per n/Tc"
doz y( )
WHISKY-O. P. y. Malt; full qutrtdemi- r' C
johns, worth $1 50 CO
CIGAKS— SO In a box; lon- liners- "free on
smokers: worth *1 75 per box *!b±'- -
TOBACCO— SeaI of .Norih Carolina; per'a> |- 0
COFFEE— Fresh ground; very fine; lo'flhq'oo
1b c .... ; JJK £. *
ThA— Family mixed; regular 40-centm»o.2s
grade; 10 Jbs... •j/"*
COCOA— Ghirardelli's Breakfast, 5 cans, £» 1 .OO
CHOc'6LATE^Ghirardeiii''s"Eagh',''i-ib f^. t "J^
packages, 5 lbs dpi!
TOiIATOES— New . pack, lu:l weight /'AC
cans, per d0zen.... :.:..;. ... \J\J
JELLIES— New pack, 2-lb cans, per Qoz- 1 •>(>
en .......... v C l'_l_
TABLK - FRUITS— New »cks, beslC.T SO
goods, per dozen . . rjl!
MAPLE SYRUP— Absolutely pore. 1-gal- 7-0
lon cms, wortn $1 i.5 i.>
SOAP— Bleaching Savon, best made, Ju&l ,01
bars i (pj
CATSUP— Curtice Brothers, Vue label, 1 r,c
per bottle .. J. i)
PRKSEBVES- Curtice Brothers, rasp- 1 f\iX
berry aud Sira«b<?rrv, per .iar JJ I-
TOBaCCO— Jlotley's Gem, Siackages 1 AC/
tor ±\J ,
JELLIES — Assorted 2-Jb Cans -in(;
SOLPs— Snider's *Vcg*e'tabiej"per can.... i "TO
i <J
OYSTKRS— New pack, choice, per (1n... tc
U
EGUS— Strictly fresh, per dozen. '..'.'.".'.".".'. "I qc
S A RDINE S— In oil; \'ery nice, per can.. jc
We Take Country Produce in Exc'jaDge.
Send for Monthly datalosrue, Sent Free
Kvery ■where.
Wholesale and Retail Grocer,
949-951 MARKET ST.,
Between Fifth and Sixth, San. Francisco.
Telephone South 50. •'■-■-;
I Philadelphia
I Shoe CO, No. 10 Third St.
■ STAMPED ON A SHOE MEANS STANDARD OF MERIT
Our t*^w[ it'J Vpif
Own I jL^Vj But
Make -^Ja Solid I
$1.10 ; $1,10 ,
YOU ARE LUCKY
If yon bny one of the bargains we are
offering this week. Our loss I.* your gain.
. We must offer Inducements on account of
the doable blockade at Third and Market
streets. ■ £tl>ses' and Cnildreu'a genuine
. Kangaroo Calf 1 ace sho»-s, with neat
pointed toes and tips and spring heels: the
very latest and nweMest style, and every
pair guaranteed to wear; widths. D aud E.
■ child's «lres. 8 to 10iA....?l 10
. Misses' sires, 11 to -£. 135
For A Don't
Ladies E^giL This.
$2.00 31CS^53> $2.00
SPECIAL— Ladles' Hxtra Fine Viet Kid
Cloth Top So Jthern Ties, Razor Toe* an!
Patent Leather Tips, Hand-turned Soles
arul French Wooden Ueels. will be sacri-
ficed at *'-' a pair, worth $ i a pair; all sizes
and widths.
MS" Country orders solid
•3" Send for New Itlusir&tei Catalogue.
Address :
B. KATCHINSKI,
PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO.,
1O Third St.. San FrancUon.
DR. PIERCES
IS THE BEST.
A PERMANENT CURE.
Plainsbi-rg, Cal.. Nov. 6, 1896.
Dr. ±t«rce <fe Son, San Francisco.
OiKTiKMKN- The fifteen-dollar Belt has been
received and delivered, but have not heard from
• ■ 1 v-» y iiiLk •"■ the 1 erson yet about the
<N > -KU'^&£a!s- <^-^- resalt, but lam not afraid
iS^X^Vi'HVC-l!S' !^>^ of him « omin^ back ou
M^RA»A«S^&Mnr(Om me. as I use<i one of your
ljg^\ 'V^Tr^ J^l^B Belts ntue (9) years ago
WS^P-sS^iiife^-— «*?Sm aiul have never bee*
jß^-jfFaßTfl^!!^^ troubled with pains l 4
'ijktjfr- t&QytJSty- mv back or hips slnrjl ■
' T^aJ* »®r^^?r* So yon see wny l am •
<Wi" '.'■ afraid to recommend yooA
r .;i..7,::-*Si? ■ ' Belt to anyone Buffering
with a weak back, }.alnj
In the hips and side, as I was, oecanst it will curs
them— never, to be doubted. I remain yours 10
help the sufferer, GEO. A. KAIiL.
J81F" There are no "quack." doctors connected
with our establishment. Our electrlo belts rur°i
without drugs- Prlc- a reasonable! No robbery!
Established 1876. >end for free "Pamphlet No.
2." Magnetic Elastic Truss 10. (Dr. Pierce <fc
Son). 704 Sacrimento st., cor. of Keaxnv, second,
third and fourth floors. Branch office, till) .Market
St., below Keartiy, s. F.
AIiKNCIES— H. K. Ooglngs, 904 J st., Sacra-
mento: he Uolden I'rui? Co.. cor. Alain and Xl
Dorado sts., btocKton; oeo. G. .Mcr.'house, cor.
Second and 6an Fernando sts., yan Jose.
I>. A. Bertelln* Pres. H. Nordman, Vlce-Pres.
A. W. Kirk. Sec Jos. Nordman, Treau
1 : V ; ; '.V. 427 KEARNY STREE I ,
Is the very best place to have your eyes examined
and fitted to glasses with Instruments exclusively
our own, whose superiority has not yet been
equaled.
• We have no rtmK We value our reputation;
we guarantee satisfaction, and depend solely upon
the merits of oar work for success. V
DR.MCNULTYT
THIS WELL-KNOWN AND RKLIABLE OU..
J. Bperfi»rtWetiiw Private,Nervous,Hloodund ski
Dbeiuces of Men only. M«nJy Power restore.!. o\-^
years' Hxperieuce. Send for Book, free Putienti
nirpdatllomc. Terms reasonable. Hours <> to*
daily ;6:3o tr.S.!»eVitsi. Rund.-iys. 10 to r Co!>HUl2.l
lion free and sacredly conndentik CaTi or addVe^l
P. ROSCOE »cXVI.TT, M. D., -7
26 K^a.M.y H«re«-«, San rJMMnUtij, C»l7
DDIICUCC F ° R KARBERB, BAK-
■*• ■BWWH ■ k \0 houses, billiard -tables
brewers, bookbinders, • candy.mak, , cannirl
dyers, , flourmills, , lonndries/ laundries P°pe*PUBLIC AFFAIRS
IN GREAT BRITAIN
Dillon- Healy Wrangles Ex
cite the Contempt of
All Parties.
London to Be Fortified Against
Possible Invasion on the
Southern Coast.
Paunc fote and Currie to Retire.
F.mne Fund Scandal Revived.
Plague Precautions
LONDON, Eng., Feb. 6.— As stated in
this cable correspondence last week Mr.
Dillon, the Irish leader, finds himself too
late in the field with his opposition to the
appointment of a new commission to ex
amine into the financial relations existing
between Great Britain and Ireland. If an
amendment regarding the subject Lad
been moved to the address in reply to the
Queen's speech it rnti^t have elicited from
tne Government some idea of iheir inten
tions as to tie scope of the commission
jiiid its probabie composition. The oppo
:>nion woul I thus have obtained some in
umaiion enabling them to take a definite
..neof attack against the Government's
i roposals. A.3 it is the scheme of the
Cabinet has been allowed to matare in the
dark and its discussion has only been
■accorded when the Government could not
help it— that i*, on the Cabinet's proposals
being placed before the House of
Commons.
The commission will be empowered to
deal with a much wider range of inquiry
than was the commission of 1893. Its in
quiry will certainly last more than two
years, as was originally announced in this j
correspondence, and before the final re- \
j crt can be made to the House the Gov
ernment will be prepared to connect the
commission's finding with the corner
stone of their Irish reform policy — the lo
cal government o: Ireland bill ana the re
distribution of seats bill, the latter of
which will deprive Ireland of some thirty
seats in the imperial Parliament.
■ The Government at fast intended to
■ have only seven members constitute the
commission, but urgent representations
from the Irish iandlor.is, from tiie great
breweries and other interests will induce
them to enlarge the membership. Tiie
brewers, who have j?reat influence among
the Unionists and contribute largely to
the pjirty purse, fear that the suggested
increase in the duty on beer to balance a
Lie reduction in the duty on whisky
may lina support in the commis-iou.
Irish contention is that beer is unduly fa
vored.
Equalization wo.ild be a severe blow to
the brewing interests and to the English
■beer-drinkers, but wou.d bz a questionable
boon to ihe Irish whisky-drinkers.
The effect of Senator Wolcott's mission ■
in the interest o: bimetallism will only be |
known on his return to Wasnia»ion from
Karope. Tiie active birnetali ists in Par
\uneiH wtiom Mr. Woicott has seen hold
u'. tiie initiative for a new international
. onference should be taken by the United
Slates Government and ihat the confer
ence should met-; in Was inEton. The
members of the British Uimetallic Union
have been in communication with the
ctiief3 of Ihe German L «gue, who would
approve oi initial Ariiericiii action. Tne
Br tisb Government would undoubtedly
send representauve.- to Washington. Tae
idea 01 a. fresh con:erence at Brusse.s finds
n i favor in Enelisb monetary circles, as
the last conference held there was
'•uoiche'.i. :> It is feared t at if another
was held there it would have a precedent
in futility tuat would not pertain to a
Washington conference.
1 tie i>.i.on-Healy squabbles continue to
excite tne contempt of the Conservatives
and Liberals alike. The balance oi opin
. inn among the Liberals blames D.non,
Blake ana Davitt as having indiscreetly
Handled the Heaiyite trouble, especially
as regards the resolution touching the
payment of poor members of the party.
.Mere onlookers, whos- sympathies are
with Ireland and home rule, concur as to
the utter unwi-dom of tnesc brawls at &
time when the whole Irish fighung force
fi.oulu be concentrated on lorcing the
financial question toward a satisfactory
' eolutioi!.
London is to be fortified against a possi
ble invasion by forces landing on the
southern coast. The clan of lortworks
dates as far back a< the time of the i>uke
of Wellington, but has been revived by
Lord Wulseley and other military author
ities, and adapted to the changes of mol
ern warfare. T;:e military works Dill pro
vides for me construction of a chair, of
.• fort wrrks from the Southern Djwiis to
the heights on the south of London, on
which the Crystal Palace is a conspicuous
object.
The sclieme includes barracks aad other
military works. The cost, wh eh will be
. something formidable f< r the treasury to
face, wil be met by advances from the
consolidated fund, to be repaid by instail
• .ments extending over twenty years.
Tiie retirement ot Sir Julian Pauncefote
from the Wii-*h;iii;'6n embassy and lrom
► ttie diplomatic serv;c<* will not take place
\ until tne Venezuelan arbitration reaches
1 ~a more definite shape and the last possible
difficulties in the wjiy of acceptance of the
general arbitration treaty between Great
.Britain and the United States are over.
The removal 01 Sir Pnillin Carrie lrom
the embassy at Constantinople at no
future date is certain. It is no secret that
Lord Salisbury i-, dissatisfied with Sir
. Phillip, and that tho Cabinet would con
cur ?n his transfer to some other po>t. A
bhrhiy placed official of the Foreign Office
.lold a United As ociate^i Presses reponer
that the Cunio matter had been under
. consideration lor some time.
If a special envoy should be sent to as
sist or replace him in the enormously im
portant liplomatic struggle at Constanti
nople, il is thou'itu that Sir Pniilip would
resign and retire. L.^rd Sa:isuury nas lad
a warm .personal regard :or him, dating'
back to the lime when S:r Phillip was per
manent Secretary of the Foreign Office.
Jtle wishes him to continue in tL,e diplo
matic service, bit it is difficult to replace
him after he has held n leading embas-
If h long peiiod ot diplomatic
qu.ei becomes the prospect at Washing
ton, he might be sent there.
Tne sanitary conference on the bubonic
plague wtnch opens .-it Venice nexi Fri
day will not find the British Government
in touch with the majority of the dele
■ gates as to the international precautions
to prevent the extension of the plague.
'J!"*l)ruish Government has done noth
ing as yet to check its possible appearance
in Great Britain neyond ordering that all
ports having traffic with India be visited
by special sanitary inspectors. No quar
antine measures have' been aken and rags
be easily exported from Bombay and
Kurachee without hindrance and inspec
tion. Relying upon the climatic, condi
• lions 01 England, which are supposed to
be unfavorable to a plague epidemic and
on sanitation, which is now general
throughout the couutry, the British au-
Ihorities do not in the least fear the
plague.
l> tUe stand taken by the English dele
trates to the conference can be forecasted
from certain official statements heard here
it will be summed by contending i hat the
measures to check the spread of the epi
demic in India are as perfect as can ttc.
and that tho best protection against the
epidemic afflicting Europe will be greater
attention to cleanliness at th*> ports and
among the people of Europe. Put plainly,
the English delegates will suy : "Your
quarantine proposals are useless. Get
clean and the plague will not attack you.'
The notoriously unsanitary stale of Ital
ian towns, trie dirty habits of the people,
tlie filihinefs of the Russians, and the de
fects of sanitation in Austria and Ger
many, and even French centers, as com
pared with the English, will give ncir.t to
the English contention. Spasmodic sani
tation efforts were m«de at the time of
the last cholera visitation in Germany.
Italy and other Continental countries, but
since then tne international measures
have bet-n generally ignored.
The council of the social-democratic
federation is arranging a popular demon
stration over the Indian famine fund
scandals. There really seems to be a con
s-piracy of silence on the part of the lead
ing London papers regarding the misap
propriation of the vast sum of £17,000,000,
raised by additional taxation in India, to
provide for the inevitable recurring fam
ines. A circular issued by the socialist
council points out that this famine fund
was started on the hypothesis that every
ten years £15 000.000 would be required to
relieve a famine; that the population of
India has increased in the last ten year."
by 30.COO.000; that the huee sum of
200,000,000 rupees is now paid annually to
English officials, military and civilian;
that the appreciation of gold and the de
preciation of s-ilver, with the stoppage of
the coining of silver at the mints, have in
volved the population in common ruin,
and that English greed and misrule is the
cause of the famine.
The Queen, tiirough her private secre
tary, Sir Alfred Bigge, has written to the
Mayor of Sheffield, announcing her inten
tion of opening the Town Hall there :n
person in May next. This fact should
disprove the wild rumors about the physi
cal an<i mental prostration of her Majesty.
John Burns, M. P., of the trade union
parliamentary committee, recently asked
the approval of that committee to the ap
pointment of a permanent trades union
bureau. The purpose of this new bureau
is to interfere in the settlement of trades
disputes, strikes «ni lockouts, to secure
from the various unions official help for
strikers, to initiate and to watch labor
legislat.ve work in Parliament and to
form tlie executive for all unions. The
men composing this permanent executive,
if it ever be constituted, will occuvy a
position of exceptional power in politics.
Mr. Burns' scheme is now being consid
ered by tiie respective trades unions. He
asserts ttiat a majority of the unions will
approve it and that its adoption by the
coming trades congress v sure. It may
be said that he is over-confident, but if the
congress does eventually agree to the bu
reau a new and potent force will operate
in British politics and in nil questions af
fecting the relations of capital and labor.
The Prince of Wales is buying large
tracts of land in the Dartmoor district,
apparently to form an extensive deer for
e-st and hunting region. To obtain the
necessary purchace money he has d s
posed of South African and other securi
ties. There are signs of a mariced clearing
up in t; c Prince's financial affairs.
The sharp doseot winter that came with
the end of January has driven most of tha
prominent members of society to tha
south of France, and they will not return
until after l^ent. Th*> season is to be very
grand, thougti the Qaeen will ta'«-e little
personal part in it before the ceremony in
June.
Great efforts are alreody being made to
boom the Victoria era exhibition, to be
held in London this summer. Sir Stafford
Northcote is chairman of the sub-oommit
tee for commercial and industrial exhib
its, lie is turning to use in this direc
tion his recent visit to Canada and the
I" nited States. Tue performance will be
enlivened by a series of French plays by a
Parisian company under M. Antijine, form
erly 01 the Theatre Libre.
Mr. Gladstone has written a letter to the
Greek Byron Society, advisin a federal
union of Macedonia, Batgtria, Servia and
Greece as the best solution of the Eastern
question.
The National Liberal Club is hailing the
de.eat of the Conservative candidate in
the WeUhams.owe distric; of Essex in
the election held this week as heralding
the reuirn of the Liberal party to power.
Though the successnil candidate, Mr.
Woods, is not in the strictest sense of the
terra a mineral, he baring stood for the
spat as a Radical and labor candidate, the
Liberals are claiming him as their own
and the National Liberal Club is arrang
ing to give a Danquet in honor of him.
According to itie Saturday Review W.
J. Leyds, toe Secretary of State of t<e
South Af-ican Republic, is about to re
sig'i nis office.
The Cou-evatlve press is nnanimous in
its praise of the speech delivered in the
House of Commons y-teniay by Sir
Michael Hicks- Beach, "Chancellor of the
Exchequer, who served notice on France
ttiat Great Britain proposed to remain in
occupation of Egypt indefinitely, wnile
the Liberal journa s denounce the speech
as a reckless and needless irritation of
France.
Cdl Xhodrm to Jm.c thr Stand.
LONDON, Eng., Feb. 6.— The com
mittee of the Commons appointed to in
quire into the troubles in South Africa
met to-day, and selected Right Hon. Wil
liam L. Johnson, meinuer for North
Leeds, as chairman. It was decided to
i>eizin the taking of evidence on February
J'J, when Cecil Rhodes, formerly Premier
of the Cape Colony, will be called to the
staud.
French Training- Ship» Mi* ha p.
PARIS, France, Feb. 6.— The Figaro
publishes a dispatch from Dakar, in the
French Colony of Senegal, on the ex
treme point of Cane Verde, saying that
the French training-ship Melpomene ran
ashore off that pia«e, but was noaied
without damage.
lhe ropn Jteenrerm from a Fainting Fit.
ROME, Italy, Feb. 6— The Pope, who
was attacked with a faintine fit Friday, is
much better to-day. His Holiness this
evening gave an jiudience. which lasted
« « l ? millu 'es, to Pnnce Henry
of Orleans, who will shortly conduct an
expedition to Abyssinia.
Bark Sen Kino in Dlntrft.
LONDON. Eng., Feb. 6.— The Amerlcr.n
bark G::n King, Captain Pierce, from
Sydney, N. S. \V.. for San Francisco, hns
arrived at Auckland, in a leaky condition
and with her mainmast and foremast
sprung and her rudder damaged.
Dncle l.ahnrm to Jtetutne Work.
HAMBURG. Germany, Fob. 6.—Sixty
seven per cent of the striking dock la
borers voted to-day in iavor of resuming
work, the remaining .« per cent voting
in favor of cortinump; the strike.
JUi'aitronm > lood. i n England,.
LONDON, Eng, Feb. 6.-Floods are
prevailing in the vaileys of ttie Thames
and Oufre rivers, where large tract* of
land are submerged. Great damage has
been done to property.
Xo<f of n trench Featet.
CORUNA. Spaiw. Feb. 6.— An unknown
French sailing vessel has been lost on
Cape Toriana, the western extremity of
this province, (Galicia). Only one of her
crew was saved.
Hi 'l Altatinn Mill liurned.
BERLIN. Germany. Feb. 6.— The ex
tensive cotton mill of Dollfutz and Mantz
at Muhlhausen, Alsace, was burned to-day
The loss was $200,000.
J"nrtun*tete P-irliament THntntved.
LISBON, Portugal, Feb. 6.— The Por
tuguese Parliament '-'.as dissolved to-day.
• — 0 — • ■
11-4 crochet quilts, line goods, |L City
of Paris. •
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 7, 1897.
FRANCO-AMERICAN
TREATY JUBILEE
Banquet at Delmonico's in
Honor of the 119 th An-
niversary.
French and American F.'ags
Intertwined Are the Only
Decorations.
Felicitcus Messages Received by
Cable From Many Distinguished
Public Men.
NEW YORK. N. V., Feb. 6. -The one
hundred and nineteenth anniversary of
the signing of the treaty of alliance be
tween France and the American colonies
was celebrated to-night by the Empire
State Society of Sons of the American
Revolution with a banquet at Delmoni
co's. Fully 250 members and their guests
■were present. The decorations consisted
entirely of the French and American
colors entwined. Owing to the abs-nce of
j Hon. Chauncey M. Depew, president of
i the society, who was kept at home by a
i slight indisposition, Walter A. Logan pre
j sided.
After grace had been said and before
the guests had taken their seats Mr. Lo
gan announced that, on motion of Mr.
Depew, the following cablegram would be
sent to President Faure of the French re
public.
General Horace Porter seconded the
motion and Mr. Logan read:
Hi* Excellency Felix Faure, President, Paris,
France: The Society of the Sons of the Ameri
can Revolution, on the one hundred and nine
teenth anniversary of the treaty of the alli
ance with France, giateiully remembering the
priceless services 10 the founders of our N«
tion, greets her illustrious President and gen
erous people, and expresses its sincere wish
for the perpetuation of the friendly relations
ot the two great republics.
Then thejdiners sat down to satisfy the
inner man, and between courses cahle
erams continued to arrive from promi
nent personages in France, among them
Emil LonLet of the French Senate, M.
Brisson, Dr. Rain. J. Patenotre, the
French Embassador, and a number of
others.
Samuel E Morss, United States Consul-
General to France, also sent the following
letter, which was read :
Paris, Jan. 22, 1897.
Colonel John C. Calhoun, Htpnsetitati of the
Empiic State Sncuty. Sin* of the American Jitvo
lulion — My Dear Sir: I very much auurecUto
an«i wish to thank you for the invitation you
have extended me in bebalf of the Empire
State Society of tne Sons of the American
Revolution to attend the banquet to be given
in New York Feoruary t> next, it would give
me great pleasure to be present on that occa
siou, and I regret sincerely that it will be im
possible. The transcendent importance of the
event whicn it is proposed '.o commemorate in
such fitting manner becomes more important
as the yeers roll by, and its beneficent effects
upon Europe manifest thenuelves more
clearly. '1 h ■ patriotism an>l the love of liberty
which sat at tho cnuncil-taDlf <when (he
memorable treaty of February 6,' 1777, was
signed will be^ recalled by more eloquent
tongues than mine. .
I can Bay that a residence of nearly four
years among the French people hns only In
t nsitied my respect and ndmirminn for them.
They il.ustrate in their character and in their
achievements many of the highest qualities
of tQi- world. The love of liberty, in bebalf of
which they have shed oceans of blood, is in
herent in them and I believe thnt the attach
ment of the great masses of them to free gov
ernment is as sincere and as fixed as that of
tc c American.
There are many, very many points of re
semb.anee and sympathy between ourselves
and the French nation, and I am sure that
with proper effort, the ties which DOW bind
the two great republics of the worid together
cou.d be strengthened and multiplied, to the
immense advantage oi both and with distinct
KHin to the causes of civilization, progress and
good government the worm nver. - ■■ •■* .•
The French Parltameut hns already with
unanimity signified Its desire that a general
treaty of arbitration between France and the
United Stales should be made. Surely the
American people are ready to respond wilh
like unanimity to thi< cordial overture 01
peace and good will. L?t such a treaty be
made; let it be supplied by a convention
which shall as-ure to the I'nited States tho
benefit of the "favored nation." so far as the
admission of our pro Incts to French markets
is concerned; let tr>e United gtatt-s be repre
sented at the grent international exposition in
1900 in a manner worthy of her greatntss,
and tne warm relations between these two na
tions, which have never beer, interrupted for
a single moment since the execution 01 the
original treaty in 1777. will be so strength
ened and fortified as to Insure to eacli of them
a future rlcn in the blessings of moral ad
vane merit and material prosperity.
I have been very happy 10 co-operate with
you in bringing this enterprise of inter
na ional patriotism to the attention of the
leading representative of the French Govern
ment and ot tuo descendents of yet te,
R .Cham u and De Ora<*c, as w.ll as to the
leading exponents ol literature, sc-ience and
art. It has, indeed, been to me a labor ot love,
and I congratulate y«>u and the society upon
the very graterul and handsome manner in
wh eh these distil guishea gentlemen and
ladi»-s have responded. I am, sir, yours very
sii.cereiy. Samuel £. Mobsb.
At the guests' table with Mr. Logan
■were Coiuul-General Eruwaert, Consul
Charpentier. Key. Samuel A Elliot,
Justice W. W. Goodrich, Edward Haga
mann Hall, Edwin Manners, Russian
Consul A. E. Olasopki, General Horace
Por.er, Commodore Slcard, General Rus
sell. Mayor Strong, John A. Taylor and
Lieutenant-Governor Woodruff.
Mr. Logan, who acted as toastmaster in
Mr. D-pew's absence, said: "It is your
mibfoitune and mine, gentlemen, that Mr.
Depew is detained by illness lrom being
with us -to-night, a? we ail had until the
last moment expected him. I am glad to
say, however, Unit his illness, while seri
ous enough to prevent his being here, is
not serious enough to give alarm to his
iri»»nds."
Dr. John S.. White, in responding to the
toast, 'Our Dfbi to France," said that by
ceding to us for the nominal sum of $15 -
OOO.OOU about 700,0X).0C0 acres of land our
country has been abie to almost double
i.s territory.
Only a portion of this sum, he «aid, had
been paid and ' the remainder bad never
been asked for. Without France, said the
speaker, we should never have achieved
our independence.
Consul-General Braewart made the re
sponse, his reraarKs for the most part
being in French.
Lieutenant-Governor Woodruff spoke to
'he toast, ."Influences Exerted by Our
First Treaty with France," and John A.
Taylor responded 10 "La.ayette and
Washington.'.': ' .
i The other toasts were: "Decisive In
fluence of-the French Navy on the Revo
lution,'! responded to by Captain Alfred
Mahan. U. 8. N. ; 'Treaty of Fr endship
and Commerce." responded to oy General
Horace Porter; "The Two - Republics,"
responded to by Justice William W. Good
rich, and "Tho Broader Pinnoti-m." re
sponded to by the Rev. Samuel A. Elliot.
SCENE AT A MURDER TRIAL.
Sensational Testimony of a Female Stenog
rapher Whose Character Is
Bt fleeted Upon.
CHICAGO, 111.. Feb. 6.— During the
trial to-day of Alderman O'Alalley and
John Sentry, charged with the murder of
Gus Coliander, Miss Shirley, the stenogra
pher in the State Attorney's oflice, who is
alleged io have furnished Attorney For
rest, counsel for O'Malley, with notes
taken at a private examination of btate
witnesses by Assistant State Attorney
Pierson, testified that her notes were cor
rect.
While cro»s-examininjj Miss Shirley
State Attorney Dineen put his questions
in such a manner that they might have
been construed into an attack upon the
reputation of the witness. Attorney For
rest objected, and after the jury had bet- n
excluded State Attorney Dineen artackei
the character of Miss Snirley, making ac
cusations of a startling and cruel char
acter.
Tho attorneys for the defense protested
and Judjre 'luley refused to allow'evidence
against the moral character of Miss Shir
ley to be admitted.
Miss Shirley accused the State Attorney
and Mr. Pierson, his assistant, of having
ordered her to doctor tbe transcript of the
shorthand notes she had taken of Wimese
Smith's interview with the State Attorney.
She swore that Mr. Pierson ordered her
to omit all "side" questions ami ihe de
fense alleges that this proves Smith was
tutored in his testimony.
Attorney Forrest jumped to his feet and
shouted: "1 demand the disbarment of
Mr. Dineen."
Tlie State Attorney openly talks of
bribery being resorted to by the defense to
get Miss Shirley's testimony.
The State intends to bring in testimony
impeaching the woman's version of the
Smith interview, but it is understood that
Mr. Dineen's refusal to admit the inter
view as true will work in favor of O'Mal
ley's acquittal.
THE BIG RAILROAD TRUST.
A Report That the Big Four Is Leading a
Stampede to Smash It and
the Rates.
CHICAGO, 111., Feb. 6.— lt is reported
here that the joint traffic trust of Eastern
railroads leading from Chicago and St.
Louis to the AtJantic seaboard is practi
cally dissolved. The trust controlled ab
solutely the traffic between the Mississippi
River and the East. Unable to live on
the percentage allotted to it, the Bis Four
began about ten days ago to pay rebate to
shippers.
This action was followed by the Penn
sylvania, Michigan Central, £oston and
Albany, Clover Leaf, Lake Erie and West
ern, West Shore and Fitchburg railroads,
and precipitated a demoralization in rates
which has not been equaled in ten years.
It is said that by the end of the week the
trust will have ceased to exist.
BI'FFALO, N. V., Feb. 4.— A represen
tative of the United Associated Pres-es in
terviewed a number of railroad officials
to-day concerning the report of a threat
ened breakup of the Joint Traffic Associa
tion. Amonu those seen were several who
were in attendance on tbe joint passenger
committee meeting here, none of whom
placed any credence in the report.
The bureau of inspection of the associa
tion in Buffalo was working lull swing
yesterday as though no report of its pros
pective collapse was in circulation.
J. H. Burger, the Buffalo agent of the
association, was out of town and his assist
ants had nothing to sny about the matter.
Chief Clerk Smitn said: '-If there was
any trouble with the Big Four, the Wa
bash, the Pennsylvania or the Grand
Trunlc a meeting of tne board of control
would have been called long before this,
ami no such meeting has ben called."
J. ii. Wood, general passenger agent
of the Pennsylvania, said thai he had not
even beaid any gossip or reports of the
nature outlined in the Chicago dispatches.
Edwin J. Weeks, formerly of tbe New
York Central, and now of the Philadel
phia and Reading, has not heard of any
trouoie, and said the report was untrue.
L. N. Jarvis of the Traders' D.spatch
gave the report a similar reception. He
said he especially doubted the Big Four
had broken away, as lugalli wrs practi
cally the lather of the association and was
deeply interested in the Big Four.
BLOODSHED IN OKLAHOMA.
Terrible Outcome cf a Land Quarrel at
Stroude — People of the Town
Pan/c-S ricken.
GUTHKIE, O. T., Feb. 6 —When com
munication was restored with StrouUe
to-day, tbe true details of yesterday's
trouble were obtained. Two weeks ago,
while quarreling over land, Jim Gritiii
was shot and nearly killed and vis father
sligntly wounded by Henry Lustin.
Lustin was arrested, but admitted to bail
Wednesday. Griffis an<! his three sons,
accompanied oy four oibeymen, rode into
S;roude, and compelled everybody to
close their stores and hide away, saying
there was going to be a battle. Several
hours later, as Henry Lustin, his son
Everett, Jim Fuber aud Kobinson were
entering the town they were ambuscaded
and compelled to surrender to the other
crowd, who bound them to horses and
rode off into the Creek country with
them. Later they relea-ed Jim Furber,
who returned and ?aid that they bad de
clared they would hang Lustin and shoot
his non and Robinson.
The people of Stroude were completely
terrorized, and most of them have been
afraid to venture from their hou es since.
A posse was organized at Chandler yes
terday to go to the rescue of the three
men carried off, but there is little hope
of reaching them in the woods and moun
tains of the Creek country.
A message from Stroude Jate this even
ing -avs a report had reached there that
Henry Lustin and Robinson have been
luund dead, banging to trees and their
bodies riddled with bullets, but it cannot
be confirmed.
Stroude is south of the Sac and Fox
agency and this encounter gave rise to
the reports yesterday of the raid upon the
agency, which did not take place.
DAMAGE TO THE ItHOOKLTy.
Ilithin. a Short Time the Cruiter Will
Rtt litpnirt't.
CHESTER, Pa., Feb. 6 —If the con
ditions remain lavorable. it looks to-day
as thou h the cruiser Brooklyn may leave
her anchorage at Marcus Hook for the dry
dock of the League Island navy-yard to
morrow afternoon. The stevedores finished
unloading the coal from the vessel this
morning, vi.d all the ammunition basb een
taken out. Tbe diver's report shows that
the plates have been ripped from a point
near the bow to a point under the engine
room, but the damage is confined to the
port side. The injury is serious, but it is
not as bad as was at first thought from the
quantity of water forced into the double
bottom" compartments. Tlie skin is not
damaged and the bolts are not sheared off.
Captain Cook has received a telecram trom
Eleven Point lighthouse. Michigan, ex
pressing sympathy for the accident to the
Brooklyn. The captain for a number of
years was stationed at this lighthouse.
The Bradford Promecution Dropped..
WASHINGTON. D. C, Feb. 6.—Secre
tary Herbert has directed that no further
proceedings be taken in the case of Com
mander Royal B. Bradford, who was navi
gating the Montgomery when she was in
jured in New York harbor, off Castle
William. January 12. A court of inquiry,
which considered the case three days later,
found that no blame could be attached to
any one on board the ship, which was
pYoperiy navigated at the time she struck
some unknown object
w
Jter. «T. A. llrooli* Dead.
MEMPHIS. Tens.. Feb. 6 —Rev. J. A
Brooks, a well known divine of the Chris
tian church, and Prohibitionist candidate
lor the Vice- Presidency in 1888 is dead.
The beat at all rills are Bjcxckax'*
NEW_TO-DAT— CLOTHING.
Not I ill |S
A Mild Ili 11 i
OCll^dtlUlli liil I '
XXX OUR BIG
$■ 5 3C CORNER WINDOW.
A A A If you have time to-day, it will be worth your
A A A while to take a peep at our big corner window.
X> & It's just chock-a-block with these Overcoats
and Suits, and what handsome tailored gar-
nf j. . 7J . 7 ments.
JVOt a mild sensation by any means. The Overcoats are serge lined, suitable for the
The ink was scarcely dry on Our big extra cold weather ; suitable for Spring. Made
. . ' _ ; . " with deep velvet collars, in twill Serges, auburn
announcement in this journal Friday Meltons and Vicunas, in blue, black, Havana.
morning before a big Crowd began to brown and Oxford mixtures, Overcoats that are
gather in front Of the Big Store wait- r th three times five, Monday again at
ing for it to open. CiPv QQ
It was one of those sales of magni- ■
tude which only the Big Store indulges Some mighty swell Suits in blues, in soft vi-
rr,-, .... - . . , , cunas, also black; in the new four-button cuta-
in. The quantities were limited, the way sack and -breasted style, Suits that
styles pretty, and the extraordinary val- if you paid double the money for 'cm you would
ues, Overcoats and Suits, that are worth h^ ettin u $ ****** Monday again at
3 times o — when we announced in Fri- fi[_
day's Call that these Overcoats and Suits ' **%**ji
would be offered to you at ftwstg^as^i^^-^^
It brought a crowd, an enormous crowd, B*=^= BB |E^^^ fSliB v
larger than we expected, notwithstand- -. 18181111
ing the heavy downpour, larger than we ' JmKKliiag^SsES}
Spurred on by th c success of this great ' "^zz^^S^^S^^^^^^^tin
Spurred on by the success of this great WBzBMhSKFfjvA
sale, we have concluded to continue it. a WM BP^^BBfer •*> J
Our big corner window speaks more liiiimmiil^^^^^^^^^^ |^^-^'
eloquently in behalf of values, in behalf
of pretty styles, in terms more convinc- DON'T HAVP TO
ing than our writings could hope for.
J DO ANY COAXIjXG-YOU DOX'T NEED
. ANY. All you need to do is to take a glance
yt V V into our big corner, window, see the big 7 , see the
tyt V clever Suits corner window, see the big , see the
jf V clever Suits and Overcoats behind the glass.
,y. V V- You're a captive then. You can't resist such
y v \£ values ; it's been that way with — — thousands
O O O This is the last seven days of this great sale at
|\I I I I \ i 111 The picture adjoining throws a little light
\\\ll I \ \ \ 111 upon the style of Suits'; it's impossible for tai-
II J/ / \ \ ' \ \ 1 lors to build 'em better.
Will I// \\rll The very cleverest of Suits in the new shade
If \l I \ I |1| of Havana brown, in Tricot Lawn. Thosepretty
| XJJ \M \\ \ -front suitings in neat overplaids, the very
uu< ' \! Ij ' cleverest of blue and black Serge Cheviots, in
■1^ H single and double breasted sacks ; prettier gar-
ments never left the tailors' bench.
The Overcoats come in our Royal Kersey in
. ■ ■■■ V > blues and blacks, awfully swell; you'll find the
T . X XX sivellest dressers wearing 'em. Just as a closing
ll jf y tableaux to all our great sales at
HI -SEVEN-
XXX ' ■ ■ You'll say twice seven is nearer right.
'•■'■'■■'■■' .-,.::.-■,  . ... .■• ■ ■ ;■. ■ - . . v , . . .. . . ;•„..- -,■■:■
.■._..\ v- ■ ■. ' - ■- : '-■ ;■■'- ;, \ '..; --. l /■■:;;; ; ;"; ;y _ ■ ..._._^ ■-■- : . ■ .',■ *. T Vy --..■■ ..'.-. .' - {•X?VI
RAPHAEL'S
. • . . aNOORPOR AuTED), . -.
©• IX, IS and IS ISLeaorziy Stnreet.
34
DO NOT FAVOR
MURRAY'S PLAN
Congressmen Not Ready to
Contest ths Vote of
South Carolina.
So the Colored Representative
May Not Present the
Petition.
Many Complications and Postpone*
ment of BttcK njey's Inauguration
Might Follow a Ccntest.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Feb. 6.— The
publication of the fact that Hon. G. W.
Murray, the colored representative from
Iho First District of South Carolina, in
tended to protest against the counting of
the electoral vote of that State engaged
the interested attention of Murray's col
leagues, a!l Denvoorais, to-day, and sev
eral informal conferences were held at
which Senator Tillman was present. After
one of these Mr. Tillman said:
"I: Mr. McKinley is goiii£ to be inau
gurated on the 4th of March, the joint
convention has got to count the vote of
South Carolina. If the Republican party
wants to iuake an attack on the constitu
tion of the State, it must make it on some
other ground or in some other manner
than by endeavoring to prevent the count
ing of her vote.
"I wish to go further and express my
preference for seeing Mr. McKinley Presi
dent than to see the Presidential function
exerci-^id by Mr. Olney, as it will be after
the 4th of March if the effort is made to
deny South Carolina the right to vote.
This has been my feeling for a long time
past"
Murray was said to base his proposed
protest upon a memorial numerously
signed by colored residents of South Caro
lina, reciting that the constitution of the
State violated the fourteenth ami fifteenth
amendments to the constitution of the
United States and the law of 1837 provid
ing for the admission of South Carolina
into the Union; and that it was invalid
because it had not been submitted to the
voters of the State for their approval.
Representative J. L. McLaunn of South
Carolina, who has held the office of Attor
ney-General of the State, traversed these
objections this afternoon to a reporter of
the United Associated Presses. He said:
"Tne constitution of South Carolina is a
valid constitution, although not submitted
to the people of South Carolina for ratifi
cation. It has never been the custom in
the State to suhmit its new constitutions
to the people ior ratification.
"The only instance in which this rule
was varied irom was in ISGB. In many of
the other States their constitutions have
not yet been so submitted. The a;t of
the Legislature of South Carolina calling
the constitutional convention of 18'J5 did
not require the ratification of its work t>y
the people. Besides, this constitution
was at once and ever biiic» has been recog
nized by all the departments of the State
Government as the organic law of the
State."
McLanrin said the members from his
State desired to have it distinctly under
stood thet if Congress was led into mat
ing any contest over the vote of that State,
the probabilities were that Mr. McKiniey*
will not be inaugurated President of the
United States on the 4th oi March.
"If Congress is going inio the merits of
the vote oi South Carolina," he continued,
"steps will be taken to see that the votes
of Northern States, concerning the valid
ity of which mucu doubt has been ex
pressed, notably the vote of Ohio, will be
investigated before those electoral votes
are counted. We have fair elections in
South Carolina."
The probabilities seem to be, upon in
quiry this afternoon, that the advertised
protest will not be made. Murray ex
pressed great doubt of his ability to get it
into suaps in time to be effective. So far
as could be learned tliis afternoon Mur
rey has no support from Republican Con
gressmen of the South.
McCall of Tennessee said that he never
heard of tne proposition to contest the
vote of South Carolina until he saw the
publication to-day. He <iid not believe
that any of his colleagues from that sec
tion of the country would advise such a
step, and he mm self disclaimed any in
tention of doing so.
CALL Hits AT CANTON.
ConijreMltnnn Hilton Snyt JVetp York
Hill (irt a Portfolio.
CANTON, Ohio, FeD. 6.— The arrival of
Congressman Francis H. Wilson of Brook-
Jyn this afternoon renewed New York
Cabinet gossip and set the guessers vigor
ously at work again. Mr. Wilson had an
hour's talk with Major McKinley. and
was invited to go to church witn the Presi
dent-elect in the morning. Mr. Wilson
said to tne representative of the United
Associated Presses:
"I am not a visitor to Canton on mv
own Dehalf. I came in the interest of
some friends.- 1 know, of course, that my
name has been mentioned in connection
with the Cabinet, but it was done by
friends on their own responsibility. My
personal opinion is that New York will be
represented in tho Cabinet."
Private Secretary J. Aadison Porter and
O. L. Pruden, the executive clerk of the
White House, had a lony tain here to-day
about the conduct of routine business at
the Executive Mansion. Mr. Porter left
for the East by way of Cleveland tnis aft
ernoon. Charles G. Dawesof Illinois, who
is to be Comptroller of the Currency, ac
companied Mrs. McKinley on ncr return
journey from Chicago.
Representative W. P. Brownlow of Ten
nessee called on Major McKinley to ask
him to appoint a Republican from hia
own State to the office of Registrar oi the
Treasury.
Lee Holden of Cleveland brought Joaquin
Miller and Harr Wagner of California to
see Major McKinley this afternoon.
JPortutpnl's Minmtn/ Heaign*.
LISBON, Portugal, Feb. 6.— Premier
Hiniz Robferro to-day delivered to the
King the resignations of the entire Min
istry, informing his Majesty that the
Cabinet had found itself unable to
grapple with the present economic and
general situation, ana had therefore re
solved to retire from office. The King ac
cented the resignations and summoned
the Progressistt leader, Senor Laciano de
Castro, to form a new Cabinet.
J>nn«en h'etnl in London.
LONDON, Eng., Feb. 6.— Dr. Fridtjof
Nanaen. the arctic explorer, was enter
tained at a dinner this evening at the
Savage Club and was elected an honorary
life member of that organization.
Stnntrfinl Tea Merchant* Atsign.
MONTREAL, Canada, F.>b. 6.— Thomas
Doherty <fe Co., tea merchants, have as
signed. Liabilities about $100,000.
Seek* Cletn-tney for IJurxtriui.
BT. LOCJIS, Mo., Feb. 6. -Mrs. Minor
Meriweatlier, tne leader of the full
suffragists of Missouri and a woman dis
tinguished among advanced thinker-, to
day addressed a letter to Governor
Stephens ask'ng for a commutation of
the death sentence imrosed upon Arthur
Duestrow to imprisonment for life. She
reviews all the evidence and deduces the
fact that the murderer was insane irom
drink when he killed hi" wile and child.
An odd fact in this connecti n is that her
son, Lee Meriweather, was one of the at
torneys for the State in the prosecution of
Duestrow.
ARMOR-PLATE INQUIRY.
D ffsrences os to the Cost Fer Ton May
Lead to the Establishment of a
Government Plant.
WASHINGTON', D. C, Feb. 6. —The
disposition of the troublesome question of
armor-plate, its cost, etc., appears to be
one upon which the Committee on Naval
affairs cannot speedily reach a conclusion.
An hour and a half was consumed this
morning in considering the Chandler re
port, but no conclusion was reached.
That portion relative to the cost oi armor
was not touched upon. The Secretary of
the Navy iixeJ the cost at $400 and Chan
dler reduces it to $300. The firms en
gaged in the manufacture of the armor
are now receiving $500 and $350 a ton. The
committee will further consider the sub
ject next Tuesday.
It is evident that the language of the
Chandler report is too severe in some re
spects to suit the comnii. tee. During the
day's session it was toned down in some
portions. The strictures upon the alleged
conduct of Commodore Folger h:<ve noi
yet been reached, but a determined effort
3 to be made by the friends of this official
to eliminate Chandler's severe condemna
tion in this respect.
The main question before the committee
is what sum shall be fixed as the prnper
amount to be paid for armor plate. This
is a difficult problem and its solution has
not been worked out. The consensus of
opinion appears to be, however, of naming
the amount in the bill instead of leaving
it discretionary with the (secretary of the
Navy, as has been suggested by some
membersof the comraitiee. It is believed
that in the end the committee will tulop;
the figures of Secretary Herbert, viz., $400
a ton. Extremists on ttu committee : o
even, lower than Mr. Chandler, Mr. Till
man having stated that $100 a ton was suf
ticient for tiiis work.
It is not the intention of the committee
to leave ti.e Secretary at the mercy of the
two armor-plate concerns of the United
Slates and thus jeopardize tt.e three arm
ored vessels now on the way*. It the price
is fixed at $400 * ton there will be a ttavine
of about $1)0 a ton, or $500,000 on each
worship. Tne committee is favorable to a
provision in the bill fixing the price to be
paid for this armor wi.ich will carry an
appropriation sufficient to enable theSec
reiary in his discretion to purcha-e or
build an armor-plate plant on behalf of
the Government.
This can be done, the committee be
lieves, for $2,000,000 or $2,500,000. This
will be done, ii at all, not so much because
the Government wants \o build such a
plant, but for the reason that it will act as
awholestme regulator and prevent the
armor-plate firms from refu-ing to supply
armor at the price fixed by Congress.
Whether it would be wise for the Gov
ernment to enter upon this work is a ques
tion upon wiiich there is a difference of
opinion. When he was before the com
mittee Secretary Herbert sta'ed that it
would probably cost mure for the Govern
ment to construct a plant than it would
cost private capital, and he admitted that
it would also probably co^t more to make
the armor. Th provisional appropriation
for such a plant is deemed essential to com
pel the contractors to lower their bids, and
there is no doubt but that it will be in
serted in the proposed bilL
YOUR BAU CHiAGE GOOD.
A. Congressional Hill llliich Jierognizea
So Mutilation.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Feb. 6.— The
House Committee on Coinage, Weights
and Measures at tbe meeting today did
not consider the Senate bill providing for
the appointment of delegates to an inter
national monetary conference to be held
in tbe future.
This bill and two others on the same
subject, introduced by members of the
House, were made the special order for a
meeting to be held Saturday next. The
committee ordered favorable reports on
bills authorizing the Secretary of the
Treasury to make experiments as to the
best metal, or combination of metals, for
minor coinage, and for new designs for
those coins; and on the bill providing
that no coins shall be refused in exchange
on account of being clipped, mutilated,
punched or burnt, but authorizes the Sec
retary of the Treasury to deduct an
amount equal to the coinage value of the
metal which has been tasen out by muti
lation.
Mutilated coins are to be redeemed in
eums of $20 or multiples thereof.
Captain Itarr/'i Swift Promotion.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Feb. 6.— The
Senate Committee on Military Affairs
cleaned up its executive calendar to-day
by ordering a favorable report to be made
on every nomination before it. The only
case in wnich there was any question was
that of Captain Thomas Henry Barry of
the First Infantry, nominated to be assist
ant adjutant-general with the rank of
major, vice Major John B. Babcock, pro
moted. No protest of any kind was re
ceived, despite the fact that Captain
Barry had been passed over the beads of
many officers his senior in the service,
and in the absence of a protest tne com
mitee decided there was no reason why
the nomination shonid ba held up.
Operation on Senator Qumy'a Eye.
WASHINGTON, D. C, *eb. 6.— Word
has been received here from Senator Quay,
who is at San Lucia, Fla., that he has
undergone an operation to relieve the
paralysU of the upper left eyelid, the
drooping of which has become gradually
more and more marked of lale years. A
Philadelphia physician went down to
Florida to penorni the operation. From
tfce drooping lid an almond-shaped sec
tion was cut out, and the sides of the
wound were then brought together and
sewed with silk thread. If the operation
has been successful tue eye will present a
perfectly normal appearance when the
stitches are removed.
Pacific Count Petition*.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Feb. 6.—Pen
sions have been granted as follows: Cali
fornia: Original— William A. tpencer,
Los Angeles; William Krauss, San Fran
cisco; Oliver P. Lane, Hanford; original
widow, etc.— Maegie Lubbock, Clearwater,
Eos Angeles; Vesta Abbott, Fulierton.
Ore on: Restoration and reissue — David
L. Tracy, Portland; original widow— Snl-
Jie E. Williaus, Baker City. Washington:
ReiSMiie— William W. Robinson. Mexi
can War survivors: Increase— Mortimer
Cook, Sedro.
J>an T.amont Hare a IHnner.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Feb. 6—Secre
tary of War Lamont this evening enter
tained at dinner a brilliant assemblage of
guests, numbering among them the Vice-
Presiuent, Speaker Keed, Senators Cam
eron, Lodge, riaie, Chandler, Aldrich,
Gray, Carter, Murphy, Smith and Brice,
General Miles and Representative Beuton
McMillin.
Jerkin* Called on the Queen.
WASHINGTON. D. C., Feb. 6.—Lilino
kalani, ei-Queen of Hawaii, is still suffer
ing from a severe cold and has not left her
apartments at the Sboreham since she
visited the White House. Among her
callers to-day was Senator Perkins of Cali
fornia.
20 pieces grenadines, novelties, full suit
$10 50. City of Paris. •
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 7, 1897.
SUGAR AND COFFEE
TRUSTS UNDER FIRE
Havemeyer and Arbuckle
Heard by the Lexow
Committee.
Secretary Searles Fails to Ap-
pear, and May Ba Prose
cuted for Contempt.
One Witness Tells Hew Thousands
Lost Employment, and Havemeyer
Said He Was a Liar.
NEW YORK, N. V., Feb. 6.— The joint
committee appointed by the Legislature
to investigate trusts and monopolies in
the Siate resumed its session this morn
ing. Senator Lexow and Parsons & Shep
ard, counsel for Secretary Searlea of the
American Sugar Refinery Company, held
a consultation lasting about ten minutes.
At its conclusion, it was learned that the
lawyers had promised that Mr. Searles
would be on hand Monday.
It was 11:30 o'clock when Mr. Lexow
rapped for order. He directed the ser
geam-at-arms to call the name of John E.
dearies. There was no response. Lawyer
Pardons said Mr. Searles was compelled to
take a train for Washington when he was
served with the subpena. lie stated that
Mr. Searles would appear before the com
mittee on Monday next and bring the re
uuired data.
"We will consider your explanation,
Mr. Parsons, in executive session ana will
determine whether we will hold Mr.
Searles in contempt or allow him to purge
himself by appearing on Monday before
the committee." said Mr. Lexow.
John Arbuckle was then recalled to the
stand. He informed the committee that
he wiahed to make a statement. He told
the committee that the profit in coffee in
lS9ti was only % of a cent per pound; in
18y5 a little les* than G-10 of a cent; in
1894 6-10 of a cent and in 1893 a little less
than G-10 of a cent.
"There is no profit in the coffee business
for us now and I should say the Have
raeyers must be losing from $500 to
$1000 a day in the business," said Mr.
Arbuckle. The witness also said that he
believed that if his company stopped buy
ing sugar refineries the Uavemeyers would
get out of the coffee business to-morrow.
James N. Jarvie, the partner of Ar
buckle, was also recalled. He testi
lied that there was no profit in the coffee
business for the past two years. There
v.as indirect contradiction of the state
ment of H. O. Havemeyer, who testified
that the coffee business presented a most
ahunng held for speculation and gave
magnificent returns for any investment.
Mr. Jarvie said there were about 10,000
coffee- roasting firms in the United States.
The three leading firms are tbe Arbuckle's
Company, the McLaughlin Company of
Chicago and the Woolson Spice Company.
Senator Lexow then went into an ex
haustive inquiry about the coffee trade,
and the witness explained all about tbe
prices. Mr. Lexow announced a recess
until 2 o'clock, and said that in the mean
lime tbe committee would hold an execu
tive session.
The executive session lasted about ten
minutes. At its conclusion Chairman
Lexow announced tt,at me committee had
deferred action in the Searles matter until
10 o'clock Monday next, when it was ex
pected he would ba present.
H. O. Havemeyer was ou hand when the
committee reassembled. He was recalled,
and in reply to a question denied that
there were any sugar refineries closed after
the consolidation of 1891. Mr. Havemeyer
gave a lot of figures snowing that the price
of sugar was reduced 10 cents per 100
pounds since the formation of the trust.
John Bergen testified that he was em
ployed as foreman of the American fcugar
Rennery Company up to 1892, and was
discharged with 600 or 700 omers. The
witness said that at the time of organiza
tion of the trust in 1887 6000 or 7000 men
were discharged.
Mr. Havemeyer, who was sitting near
the reporters' table, smiled at tnis state
ment and said: "That man is a bigger liar
than he looks."
Tiie witness said that the men were not
re-employed ana bad to scatter all over
the country in search of employment. lie
further said that he understood one of the
refiueries that closed was being turned
into a coffee mill. Eight refineries were
closed since the formation of the trust,
and there was only one running now.
John Arbuckle again took the stand.
He wanted to explain that the price o!
coffee was very variable and that he be
lieved it to be the most speculative busi
ness in the world. He said his firm con
trolled about one-fourth o? the coffee trade
of the United States and was handling
about 1,000,000 bags annually. He s;iid
there was no agreement between his farm
and other big firms to tix prices.
The witness, however, admitted that the
price lixed by his firm was pretty gener
ally followed by other firms.
"Occasionally the price falls tinder
ours," explained Mr. Arbuckle.
At this Juncture Chairman Lexow an
nounced adjournment until Monday.
IXDIVIUD AS JfIHUBVOS.
Four Mac- City Official* ©/ Brooklyn in
t'erioun Trouble.
NEW YORK, N. V., Feb. ft-Assistant
District Attorney H. 8. Davis of Brooklyn
to-day cave out the rather startling infor
mation in relation to the firebug prosecu
tion?, that the February grand jury had
found four indictments against former city
officials.
He said that their arrest might be ex
pected at any time. It is rumored to
night that one ol the men is now a promi
nent official of the Govarnment in Brook
lyn and that the other is holding a promi
nent city office.
Aaron Schlang and Pinkus Castner,
who were arrested yesterday, were ar
raigned before County Jud«e Aspinwall
this afternoon on the charge of arson.
They are charged with having set fire to a
clothing-store at 175 Myrtle avenue on
February 11, i 894.
The store was owned by Schlang, who
collected $40,000 insurance afterward.
Both men plead not guilty, and bail,
which was iixed at $3000 each, was fur
ished.
Xevada County J'ioneer't Death.
GRASS VALLEY, Cal., Feb. 6.-Michae!
Roach, a pioneer of Nevada County, who
lived near the Allison Ranch mine, met
with an untimely death Thursday after
noon. Mr. Konch left Boston Ravine at
about 4 o'clock for hu home. He had to
cross a creek, and in doing so it is sup
posed he slipped and fell into the water
and his head struck against a rock. This
rendered him unconscious, and he was
finally smothered to death dv mud and
water.
Paator ZiHdtay JCrcnlled to Ckiah.
UKIAH, Cal., Feb. o.— At a meeting of
the members ot the Baptist church of this
place this afternoon, the proposition tore
call Rev. Arnold Lindsay to the nastoraie
was brought up, and by a rote of 70 to 50 it
was decided to take that step. Lindsav is the
minister who two years aeo was expelled
from the local Ministerial Union, owing to
his connection with a scandal involving
himself and a young lady of Lakeport.
Lindsay is at the present time pastor of a
church in Mont/ma.
THIS STRIKES AT OLYMPIA.
Scheme to Remove Washington's Capitol
to the Scores of Puget
Sound.
TACOMA, Wash., Feb. 6 —An effort is
being made to put the State capiiol on
■wheels and remove it from Olympia. A
Spokane syndicate is said to have
secured an option on a large tract
of .land between Taconaa and Seat
tle, on the shore of Puget Sonnd, and
to have a bill ready to introduce in the
Legislature, authorizing the removal of
the capita!, and the State's acceptance of
the be^t offer submitted for a site and re
imbursement for the $90,000 already ex
pended on foundations for toe newcapitol.
Should this scheme go through — and
'.here are many throughout the State who
claim that a more central location would
be beneficial— a new town wuld spring
up about the new capitol. Projectors of
the enterprise would "reap a profit out of
land sales.
It is possible that this syndicate will
adopt the Texas plan and offer to build a
$1,000,000 Capitol in return for the 200.000
--acre land grant given to the State by C n
gress for Caphol pun oses.
Bills have been introduced this week to
remove th ■ Supreme Court and State
Library from Olympia to Tacoma, the
object beins to lessen expenses of litiga
tion by obviating the necessity of lawyers'
daily triua to Olympia. The Supreme
Court favors the plan, and a majority of
both Houses is said to indorse it.
XIJPVX'S 11: lI \- nHt t H 11..
loung Thotnna <am pb til Stay ICvad*
the iV«ihr.i of the Law-
STOCKTON, Cal., Feb. 6.— lt is possi
ble that Thomas Campbell, the half-witted
colored boy who was arrested for throwing
a switch near Ripon to derail a train, mey
escape the meshes of the law, owing to
the z.:al of a Southern Pacific detective.
Campbell was given his preliminary ex
amination before Justice Parker this morn
inc. and he was held to answer Defore the
Superior Court with bail fixed at $8000.
There is ample evidence to hold him,
but whether there is evidence enough to
convict him is another question.
The detective in the service of the rail
road company who arrested him is C. C.
Crowley.
'In addition to arresting him, the detec
tive obtained a contession. as all detec
tives generally do; but he was over
zealous in obtaining that confession, and
tiiere lies the difficulty. Whether the
statements male by the prisoner to the
detective wili be admitted as evidence in
the Superior Court is a question to be
decided.
WATEHFORIi WOMAX'S MAI. Alt \.
Grief Causes Mr*. Bell to Be Violently
Jtttane.
MODESTO, Cal , Feb. 6.— Reports from
Waterlord, twelve miles east of this city,
state that Mr?. T. C. Bel , a well-known
resident of that town, Lecame violently
insane yesterday morning.
The cause of the derangement of her
mind was the death of ber husband, who
committed suicide a lew months ago by
taking strychnine.
While in a Waterford meat market Mrs.
Bell seized two large knives and started
toward her home.
Meeting two men in a wagon, she de
manded a ride at the peril of th.-ir lives.
The men got her into the wagon and took
ber back to her relatives. Mrs. Bell has
been one of the county's most active
women, handling business aft.iirs with
the shrewdness 01 an experienced man.
J-lItE A.T ltt.\ LOMOXIt.
Itoirixrdennn, th« t.ounlrt/ Borne of
■ /k.»/« ■ • It, Hell, Uentroynd.
SANTA CRUZ, Cal., Feb. 6.— Thomas
L. Bell's beautilul residence, Roward
enan, at Ben Lomond, was totally de
stroyed by tire early this morning, the
ocrupants escaping in scant raiment.
Rowardenan was one of the finest coun
try homes in this co ntry, being commo
dious, handsomely furnished and li.hted
by electric power generated on the prem
ises.
Tne building was erected about three
years ago, at a cost of many thousands of
dollars. The house and furniture were in
sured for $4000.
Pomona' t Local Option fight.
POMONA, Cal., Feb. 6.— The city elec
tion, which is to be held here in a few
weeks, is creating considerable excitement
as the time approaches. The question at
issue is whetner or not Pomona will have
two saloon? licensed at $1000 each per
year. Tne majority of the present Board
of Trustees are prohibitionists, and no
saloons are allowed. Both the Hiy h License
and me Anti-saloon parties will place
straight tickets in the field. The ofhee of
City AUorney is the bone of contention.
W. A. Bell is the candidate for the Hieh
License party, and E. J. Fleming is the
choice of the Anti-saloon men. The- latter
seems so far to be the stronger.
San Joaquin Teacher* Organise.
FRESNO, Cal., Feb. 6.— Representatives
from tue various county organizations of
schoolteachers in the San Joaquin Valley
met in this city to-day aad effected the
permanent organization of the San Joa
quin Valley Teachers' Association.
The counties of Fresno, Tulare, Kern,
Kings, Madeia, Merced, Stanislaus, Mari
posa and Tuolutnne are represented. The
following officers were elected:
President, Albert Harrell; vice-presi
dents, the several county superintendents;
secretary, Mi.-s Anna M. Nicholson ; assist
ant > l ecretary, Mis. de la Roza; treasurer,
C. L. McLane. The first meeting of the
association of several hundred te icbers
will be Held in this city next October.
Stockton J.ititjnnti it a fianquet.
STOCKTON, Cal., Feb. 6.— A hard
fought le^ul contest, in which the defend
ants' attorney seemed glad to lose, ended
to-day.
Michael Lorican mcd theStocktonWater
Company lor $5000 damages lor falling
through a sidewalk on the property of the
defendant. After deliberating ior two
hours the jury brought in a verdict of
$100 for the plaintiff.
This precludine an app°al, A. L. Le
vinsky of Woods <fc LevinsKy, counsel for
the defendants, took the plaintiff, his
counsel and the jury out to a big banquet
to-night
. ( _ — ♦ — -i-
Conflagration at Pomona.
POMONA, Cal., Feb. 6.— Fire this
morning destroyed Cunningham's res
taurant, Bow!e's barber-shop and Ly roan's
tailoring establishment, entailing a loss
of $1600, with insurance of $)UO. The tire
was caused by the explosion of a gasoliue
stove.
An Outlaw Haid In Oklahoma.
GDTHRIE, O. T., Feb. 6.— A report
reacties here that a gang of outlaws last
night attempted to roo the office and
general stores at the Sac and Fox agency,
j* right ensued, and four were killed
among them being Ben Thompson, the
Indian agent.
Violation of Health Kulea.
The body of a boy who died of diphtheria at
Spokane, Wa*h. t nai recently brougnt to this
City for interment upon the permit of Health
Officer W. \V. Poiter of Spokane, the body
coming by a steamer of the Oregon Railway
and Navigation Company. Health Officer
Lovelace says that be will do what he can to
prevent a repetition of »uch an occurrence.
MAD INFATUATION
LEADS TO ARREST
Wendell Phillips Winds Up
in Jail on a Charge
of Swindling.
Says He Followed Actress Belle
Thorne Until Overcome
by Sickness.
The Young Man Claims to Be an
Expert E ectrician From San
Francisco.
CLEVELAND, Ohio, Feb. 6.—lnfatua
tion for a woman brought Wendell Phil
lips, alias Harry Jtohler, into serious
trouble in this city. He is a well-appear
ing young man and was arrested last
Thursday on complaint of J. M. Gehrug,
the Quincy-street druggist.
Several days previous the young man
began to loiter in the drugstore. He said
ne was Harry KohLr of San Francisco
and claimed to know relatives of Mr.
Gehrung. Kohler said that he was finan
cially embarrassed ana hinted to Mr.
Gehrung about borrowing money from
him, asserting that he expected money
any day from his relatives. Mr. Gehrung
was suspicious and notified the police.
in the police court to-da3 r the prisoner
said his real name was Wendell Phillips
and that his parents lived at Flint, Mich.
He toid an apparently straightforward
siory concerning himself, to the effect
that he was an expert electrician, and had
lived in San Francisco four years. He
claimed, that be was intimately ac
quainted with Mr. Gehrune's brother, who
was accidentally drowned in Han Fran
cisco in 1894, and he described now the
accident happened.
The prisoner became infatuated with a
woman by the name of Ue.le Thome, an
ac ress, and she suddenly left the city.
He was ill with lune trouble at the time.
As soon as he recovered he assumed ilie
name of Harry Kohler and began a search
over ttie country for the woman. He ar
rived in Cleveland over a week ago and
ran out of money.
Phillips claims that be wired bis sister
for money and that he expected it to ar
rive in a short time.
Judge Fiedler believed the story nnd
imposed a sentence of $50, costs and thirty
days, which was suspended for three days
in order to eive Phillips a chance to leave
the city. Judge Fiedler warned Phillips
to give up the woman, and the prisoner
replied that he had come to bis senses
since his arresi and would heed the ad
v:ce.
COaiPVLSOMX !• t. lllit.n EST.
Jhe Prfident Exercise* Hit Prerogative
i« ' olonrt Crofton'* Ca*e.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Feb. 6.-The
President, taking advantage of a preroga
tive rarely exercised, placed Colonel Rob
ert E. Crofton, commanding the Fifteenth
Infantry, with headquarters at Foit Bay
ard, N. Mex., on the retired list of the
army, under the statute enabling the Ex
ecutive, aa comniander-in-chief, to retire
an officer who reaches tte age cf 62 years,
Crofton having reached the required age
last December.
The Fifteenth Infaatry, stationed at
Fort Sheridan, 111., was considered poorly
disciplined, and an effort was made to re
tire Colonel Crofton for physical disabil
ity, but the examining board did not find
him incapacitated to command, and
shortly afterward the regiment was or
dered away from Cbicago Influences,
which wero thought to be deleterious to
the discipline, and sent to the Mexican
border. Colonel Crofton ranked No. 4
among army colonels, and would have
been promoted to be a general but for his
compulsory retirement in 1898.
The last occasion upon which the 62
--year law was utilized was in the case of
General Carr. who was retired by Presi
dent Harri:>on to create a vacancy in the
grade of funeral, but was no reflection
upon the orti:er in the latter case.
NEW BUSH LEASED.
G. K. Crater Promises to Run a First-
Clans Amusement Place.
G. E. Crater completed arrangements
yesterday whereby he secured a five years'
lease of the New Bush-street Theater. Mr.
Crater intends to make several improve
ments in the place and will supply i: with
a cood stock company*.
Tde first production will be a melo
drama from the t>en of John P. Wilson,
entitled "Tde Filibusters." It treats of
the Cuban revolution and is said to be a
very strong production, enlivened by
much catchy music.
A portion of the proceeds of the first
performance will be donated to the revo
lutionists.
SEW TO-DAT.
p| li 1 « >^ The skeleton io
r^\ 11 \! "I many a household is
1 5j. IJ[ -Jmrnm * n c peculiar weak-
MK^^)l i£K£ ness of the wife and
IYnMA I |L/C _^_ mother, or of the
I'l iffMJSy J9cfc\ w '^ e wno OU £M to be
\ 1 iJ\iiaVwv^BmPi a mother and is not.
rAu[. Wl^Hw^Q Happiness s de-
lNXH>jil^KrshwJ l * stroj'ed by the pres-
Kl|>i f\\ n^T» \ ence of the secret
mam //I If J ' I s ' ctness tnat may
feyj [In// lurk like a grinning
BBBJi*'j' death among the
RH ~~J most luxurious
U«/(li homes. The most
I* 'tlj terrible thing about
this condition of af-
fairs is that it Is entirely needless. There is
no reason in the world why every woman
in the world should not be strong and health-
ful and capable of fulfilling her whole duty
as a wife and mother. Many women go on
month after month, and year after year, be-
coming weaker and weaker, because of a
yery natural hesitancy they feel in consult-
ing a physician. They know that if they go
to a doctor for treatment, the first thing he
will insist on will be "examination" and
"local treatment." This must of course be
distasteful to every modest woman. They
are generally as unnecessary as they are ab-
horrent. Dr. Pierce Favorite Prescription
cures positively, perfectly, permanently, all
varieties of "female weakness" and dis-
ease. It is designed to do this one thing,
and it does it. It is the only medicine now
before the public for woman's peculiar ail-
ments, adapted to her delicate organization
by a regularly graduated physician— ex-
perienced and skilled specialist in these
maladies. . It cannot do harm in any condi-
tion of the system. Its sales exceed the
combined sales of all other medicines for
women. V* . .
Every woman will be healthier and happier for
> i ii' ''"^ ', following the friendly,' practical
ISKISSW. counsel contained in Dr. Pierces
■^fel^^M reat universal doctor .book:
TSJjKs "The People's Common Sense
_._ Ii fai«is«* Medical Adviser." It is the most
J^?Vi >fg"i» com P r ehensive medical work in
\?llfiiai&»» one volume in the English lan-
<i "^il ™"^ guage. It contains 1008 pages
\i fully illustrated. 680,000 copies
I V^y have been sold at $1.50 each
■ §f ' , bound in cloth.- The profits are
23E*^ now used in printing balf-a-mill-
- ■•- -rrr ~. j on cc copies bound in strong
mtnilla paper covers. | To get one you have only
to send 21 one-cent stamps to pay cost of mail-
Ing only), to World's Dispensary Medical Associ-
ation. No. 663 Main Street, Buffalo, N..Y. Send
promptly before all are given away if iawut
one. They are going off rapidly.
KKW TO-DAT.
§oTf6lks~~
MADE WELL
A New and Remarkable Discovery
for Conquering Disease*
Marvelous Results Achieved in Curing Chronic
Ailments by Electro-Medical
Treatment* ..
j - --.>; ■ . ... ;
THE USE OF ELECTRICITY IN MEDICINE AND SURGERY
has been developed to such a degree that it now forms a very
large and important element in the treatment of all chronic, lingering
and special diseases. While it is not claimed to be a universal specific,
it is recognized .as a curative agent of inestimable value, capable of
being employed with excellent success in the treatment of a variety of
chronic diseases, and experiments have demonstrated that it is without ,
doubt the most important ally yet discovered to the resources of
medicine. '<•■
To be benefited by electricity it should be used only under the
direction of a skilled physician — one who has mastered the physics,
physiology, mechanics and chemistry of medical electricity; one who
fully understands the kind and strength of current that each case
requires.
. The use of an electric current for forcing medicines through the
body to diseased organs is not a new idea. It has been practiced by the
medical world for a number of years, but has been used in but a very,
limited number of cases. This idea has been made a special study by
the State Electro-Medical Institute doctors, and as a result of an elaborate
series of experiments they have evolved a system of treatment that
combines all the curative virtues of medicine and medical electricity — a
treatment that is in every respect and particular the most perfect and
nearest infallible of any ever discovered in the world.
The Electricity is applied either by a Galvanic, Faradic or Static
battery, or by means of Electric Belts, Body Batteries or other Electric
Appliances, the variety of current and kind of appliance used in each
case being of that nature which the Institute doctors deem best adapted
for the speedy cure of the disease with which the patient is afflicted.
The electric current penetrates the body and stimulates the action of
the various organs, and at the same time acts as a tonic on the nerves
and the system generally. In connection with the electric treatment
medicines are administered. These medicines are perfect , laboratory
triumphs, formnlated from a true appreciation of the medicinal wants of
the body. Through a proper arrangement of the different poles of the
batteries on the body the electric current is made to carry the medicines
directly to diseased parts, thus hastening the curing action of the medi-
cines, and in a brief period the disease is conquered and the patient is
restored to heal th and strength.
HEALTH, STRENGTH AND BEAUTY;
-• . This form of treatment is new and original with the Institute. It
is the elaboration and perfection to such a degree of an old idea in
medical therapeutics that it can truly be called a new scientific discovery.
It is a form of treatment that especially commends itself to those who
are sick and suffering from chronic diseases and have failed to obtain
relief from other sources, remedies or doctors. For this reason the
Institute urges those who have used electricity as applied . according to
old methods and ideas, or those who have used medicines alone, as well
as those who have used both combined and have not received relief, to
come and investigate the claims and methods of treatment at the
Institute.
It is fast becoming the Mecca of the sick and suffering, for the
merit of this new treatment as demonstrated by many cures of cases that
were regarded as hopeless has earned for it an enduring fame and daily
scores of people throng the Institute consultation-rooms anxious to
receive the relief from their ills that has come to others who have taken
advantage of this marvelous method of mastering disease.
X-RAY EXAMIN ATIONS-If you are sick or ailing,
ac *"" * lf you 'want to know what is the matter with you,
QTATp y SJ y ° U Should resort withou * d elay to the
!Ln r, p^n- °' MEDICAL INSTITUTE. The Institute TREATS
AND CURES Diseases of the Heart, Brain ,and Nerves, Blood Diseases,
Rheumatism Cancers and; Tumors, Catarrh, Kidney Diseases, Throat
Diseases,. Stomach. Diseases, Diseases of the Liver Bowel Diseases,
Eye Diseases, Ear Diseases and all Diseases of Men and Women.
WRITE ' f y ° U CannOt call at the Institute. Describe your
u/* J '.o ; ~ troubles by letter and the doctors will advise you
what to do. Strictest confidence observed.
STATE ELECTRO-MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
NEW CURE FOR ALL DISEASES, j
Located at the Corner of
MARKET, POWELL AND EDDY STREETS,
ENTRANCE No. 3 EDDY STREET,
• ■ San Francisco, California.SOLD MOJAVE'S
DESERT TRACTS
Eastern People Swindled
by a' Colonization
Company.
Induced to Invest in Sandy
Wastes at Exorbitant
Prices.
Government Officials Are Investigat-
ing and Will Prosecute the
Promoters.
I.OS ANGELES. Cal., Feb. 6.— A colo
nization scheme of large proportions is
about to be nipped in tiie bud by Govern
ment officials. The swindle has been
called to the attention of the State and
Federal authorities and is now engaging
their attention. The Federal and State
Grand Juries have, it is stated, conducted
• an investigation and the persons involved
in the scheme will have to explain certain
things whion at the present time seem In
explicable.
The scheme involves the selling of Gov
ernment land to colonists by an Illinois
c >ncern on the Mojave Desert, the title to
v tiioh is held by others from the Govern
ment. From $200,000 to $400,000 has been
eoueed out of the unsuspecting, some of
the land being sold at $30 an acre.
The matter was laid before the Interior
Department at Washington, and it is
stated that a report of the Interior De
partment excoriates the schemer? in the
most vigorous manner.
The Federal authorities will move first
by instituting proceedings for the misuse
of the Government mails. The dupes of
the concern are indignant and several
hundred of them ar« clamoring for imme
diate justice.
Among its projectors are some well
known California people. The patron- of
the wily swindlers are in the Eastern
States, the business having been obtained
through adroitly worded advertisements
in the newspapers, with the usual assur
ances of new railways, gold mines and
townsites innumerable.
DENIED A CHANGE OF VENUE.
Southern Pacific Fails in an Attempt to
Transfer Suits to San Fran-
csco.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Feb. 6.— A vsry
important decision was rendered by Su
perior Judge York here to-day upon en
ticeiv new issues of far-reaching signifi
cance. Four suits of the same nature
ane involved, the Southern Pacific Rail
road Company being the defendant in
each.
The plaintiffs are Emtle Deutch, Henry
E.ms and R. W. Poindexter. all citizens
of this county, and the Farming and
Fruit Land Company, a corporation.
Xhe 01 iniou forms tbe denial of a mo
tion made by the attorneys for the de
i»ndant company for a cuange of venue
iron the Superior Court of this county to
tue Superior Court of the City and County
of San Francisco.
• Irv the language of the court, "the
ground of the motion is solely that the
defendant has its principal place of busi
ness in San Francisco ami is a resident of
B»;d city and county."
The actions are for damages for breach
of contracts. In each complaint an issue
is rendered as to the title of defendant in
certain lands which it contracted to con
vey to p aintiffV assignors.
"The right of action of plaintifTV,' says
the coart, "is not wholly dependent upon
■the title which the plaintiffs nave in said
lands, but principally, the right of action
depends upon the fact of a finai determin
ation by the Supreme Court of the United
States that a patent affirming the title to
defendant in said lands cannot issue."
Judge York funher says: "Although
the title to the lands which the defendant
has contracted to convey may become one
of the collateral questions to be deter
mined on the trials of said causes,
nevertheless as the title to said lands
will in no way be affected by this action
and tbe action is not proiecuted for the
determination of any interest in real es
tate, I hold that tbe title to land is in no
way involved in these actions. The de
lendant has shown that its principal place
of business is in the City and County of
San Francisco, but it has not shown
where the contract was made or where it
was to be performed or where the breach
ot contract occurred."
In audition to the proof upon the point
of "principal place of business," the other
requirements "enumerated in section 16
of articie XII of the constitution must be
complied with," saves the court. The de
cision concludes as follows:
"It not being sufficient to Drove simply
that the principal place of busineso of the
defendant corporation is in the City and
Coun ly of San Francisco :n order to obtain
chance of venue to the Superior Court of
that City and County, it follows that the
NEW TO-DAY
QIFTDAYS
FREE i Wednesday, February 10 1 FREE
EVERY PURCHASE AffIOONTING TO 25 CENTS OR 07ER.
YOUR CHOICE
A Bottle of Peri Shampoo,
A Box of Peri Face Powder,
A Cake of Dr. Weizman's Skin Soap.
COME ONE, COME ALL.
FREE! WALLER BROS.,|FREE
CUT RATE
DRUGGISTS,
33 GRANT AVENUE, COR. GEARY STREET.
motions for a change of venue in said
causes must be denied."
RAILS 1O HOLS A VHICO.
Hoaii to He Ccnvtructett to Colonel Xor
thant'i Po**eMKion*. : *£n
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Feb. 6.— A Call
correspondent is reliably informed that a
spur railroad will bo constructed from
Benedict Station, on the line from Ana
heim to the new pucar factory at Alamitos
in Orange County, to the land upon which
K. J. Northam has secured an option near
the Bolsa Cnico Bay.
Colonel Northam has taken an option
on over 4COO acres of land adjoining the
Bolsa Chico, and nas already arraneed to
build a tine residence out on the high
mesa near the bay. The Bolsa Chico is
I one of the most sightly locations in the
I western portion of the Santa Ana Valley
] for a town, and it is not improbable that a
! settlement of considerable size will soon
I build up as a result of the construction of
trte new road.
The land that Northam has obtained is
i now sown to barley, but next year it is
the intention of the new owner to plant a
large portion of it to sugar beets. It is
I situated about ten miles Irom the Alami
j tos factory and on the line of the railroad.
LAST DAI Of TIMJS FAIR.
Successful Home I'rodxiett Exposition
Jtrmvt to a Clour.
LOB ANGELES, Cal.. Feb. 6.— The
Home Products Exposition ai Hazard's
Pavilion, which began on ihe 16th ult.,
closed to-night with an immense attend
ance, after the rendition of a varied and
interesting programme.
The exposition has been very successful
from every point of view. It being the
first of its kind held in this city, the pub
lic was a little slow at the start in patron
izing it, but when its merits became gen
erally known the attendance increased,
and the result has been satisfactory from
a financial >>ian(lnoint.
exhibition was not intended as a
money-making scheme, but siranly to
awaken an interest in home products and
show the public whal is being done in this
city in ihe way of manufacturing The
managers workea faithfully to this end,
and they are to be congratulated upon
their success.
PETJiOLEVM AS JFUEL.
Used to Supply ,I'ower for Stamp Mills
year J*heenix.
LOS ANGELES. Cal., Feb. 6.— A pay
ing business for this city is promised at
Phoenix, Ariz., in the purchase of crude
! oil as fuel for power purposes.
C. M. Hast, who is operating the Con
tention mine for San Francisco owners,
has erected a five-stamp mill at the Ari
j zona canal, eight miles from Phoenix.
The fupl used is crude oil, and by a sys
tem of constant explosions the machinery
| is propelled at limited cost, and it is said
! quite successfully.
The amount required is surprisingly
! small, as thirty-two gallons suffice for
I twenty-four hours, being but one and a
third ' gallons an hour. The oil costs
| about 20 cents a gallon, making the cost
of fuel but $6 40 a day — less than the value
of two cords of wood. For two weeks the
mill has been running without a hitch,
and it is believed the experiment will
prove a decided success.
San Hernardino Mine Robbed.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Feb. 6.— lt is re
ported at the Sheriff's office that the Rose
Mine, in San Bernardino County, was
robbed of $1000 in gold bullion and $'2000
in amalgam Thursday night. The Sheriff
issued orders to watch for persons who
might offer bullion for sale.
CARRIER PIGEONS FOR ALASKA.
Proposed Establishment of a Homing
Service Between Sitka and
June a v.
PORT TOWNSEND, Win., Feb. 81—
For a loms: time past tbe wide-awake
artisans of Alaska bave been chafing
under the inconveniences resultant
upon inadequate communication between
distant places, particularly Sitka, tbe
capital, and Juneau, the metropolis.
The recent escape aud seusational re
capture of Desperado Birch has again
brought tbe matter up, it being argued
that the long delay would have been
avoided had the authorities of two towns
been able to communicate with each other
by any other means than steam launches
ot no remarkable speed.
The ereat amount of money required to
lay a cable from Juneau to SitKa forces
that proposition out of consideration, but
the Alaska Searchlight has come to tbe
front with a substitute that would be
almost as gooa as the telegraph and
would work material improvement on ex
isting conditions.
The plan suggested by the Searchlight
is simply the establishment of dove-cotes
in the two towns and the stocking of them
with carrier-pigeons, to be used when the
occasion requires.
It is proposed to let the business men of
the two towns pay tue expenses. The
Searchlight cites "the efficient marine
homing pipeon service between San Fran
cisco and the Faraliones as a practical
demonstration of the wisdom of its sug
gestion.
Honlru-MxU., for Monterry.
MONTEREY, Cal., Feb. 6.— W. B. Ham
burt, proprietor oi the Ashland Woolen
mills at Ashland, Or., is stopping at the
Hotel del Monte. Mr. Hamburt is look
ing for a suitable location for woolen
mills, as he intends to remove his exten
sive plant to this State, and desires, if pos
sible, to locate in this section. During his
stay here he has about concluded to es
tablish his entire plant at this place.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 7, 1897.
CORBETT'S AGENT
REACHES CARSON
Has Not Decided Upon a
Site for the Training
Quarters.
Pieased With Shaws Springs,
but Objects to the Presence
of Fitzsimmons.
R port That Stuart Had Announced
That the Capital Wou'.d Get
the Fight.
CARSON, New, Feb. 6.— Edward Cook
reached Carson this morning in search of
a site for Corbett's training quarters. He
had a long talk with the owner of Shaws
Hot Springs, but reached no agreement,
and will start in the morninjr for Walleys
Springs, between Carson and Genoa. He
learned that Fitz*immons was expecting
to train at Shaws, and did not believe it
just the thing to have the two men in the
same place; they might not get along at
the table.
D. A. Bender of the Virginia and Truckee
Railroad arrived from San Francisco this
niorni!i<*. He had been below to arrange
with the Southern Pacific regarding rates.
As new men were put on at the Virginia
and Truckee shops after he returned it is
regarded as quite certain that he has
learned that Carson will get the mill.
Work io being pushed in every depart
ment ot the railroad in arranging for the
extra travel.
Cook said it was not material to him
where the fight took place. His principal
was ready to be anywhere on the 17th of
next month. Cook is now leaning strongly
toward Carson. He thinks it is to be the
place, but is waiting for Stuart to arrive
and give the word. It wss reported this
evening that Wheelock had received word
from Smart that he had selected Carson,
but he declines to answer any questions
regarding the matter, merely saying that
his partner will be along in a day or so.
STEAMBOAT Si' HIS OS fHVSES.
Corbett Announce* the Selection of Hit
Traimtitj Ground.
KANSAS CITY, Mo.. Feb. 6 —James J.
Corbett announced to-night that he would
train at Steamboat Springs, Nev., for his
fight with Robert Fitzsimmons.
Corbett completed his theatrical season
here to-night and will leave over the
Union Pacific at 1 o'clock to-morrow for ;
San Francisco, via Denver and Salt Lake ■
City. He will spar with McVey at Salt
Lake City Tuesday night.
McVev, Ruhlins and his show manager,
"Kid" Egan, will accompany Corbett
from here, and the party will be joined at
Denver by "Billy" Woods, who has been
engaged to assist in training Corbett.
After a week in San Francisco the party
will co to Steamboat Springs for active
training.
FOOTRACIAG AT HOSTOS.
ITeferM Equals a Horld'm Rteord — Excit
ing Team Contetta.
EOSTON, Mass., Feb. 6.— At the indoor
meet of the Boston Athletic Club B. J.
Wefers equaled tbe world's record in the
trial heat at 40 yards and some close con
tests made ths team races exciting. Sum
maries:
40-ynrd dasb, novice, scratch— Won by H. C.
Jones, Phillips Exeter Academy. Time, :05.
40-yard invitation— Won by B. J. Wefers; W.
Grosvenor. M. I. T., second. Time, :04 4-5.
One-mile invitation run— Won by H. J. Ert
berg, N. J. S. C. ; S. J. Ki'.patrick, Princeton
and N. Y. A. C, second: Orion, University of
Pennsylvania and M. Y. A. C, third. Time.
4:36 4-5.
Forty yards dash, handicap, won by A. T.
Baker, Noble and Greene, A. A., 9 feet.
Time, :04 4-5.
Harvard class '97 won over 1900 by a few
feet, with '99 third and '98 lest. Time,
.39 2-5.
The team race between Boston College and
Brown University was won by the iormer.
lime, 3:28 1-5.
Team race between East Boston A. A. and
Worcester A. C, won by East Boston. Time
3 :20.
Team race between the First Regiment and
Naval Brigade, won by the former in 3:24 1-5.
The Holy Crois team defeated the Yale team.
Time, 3:20 2-5.
Running high jump, Won by \V. G. Morse,
H. A., 4)4 inches; height 6 feet. W. J. Dole,
ii. A., 5 luches, second.
Team race between Harvard and University
of Pennsylvania, won by Harvard in 3 mm. 15
sec. Yale beat Georgetown.
45-yard hurdle, J. Peter, P. A. A,, finished
a few inches ahead of T. P. Curlin, B. A., one
of the team which went to Athens. Time,
0 15 sec.
1000-yard run, won hy Arthur Blake, B. A.
A., .McLuughlin of Holy Cross second. Time,
2 mm. 29 4-5 sec.
Team race between Massachusetts Institute
of Technology and Brown University won by
Brown. Time, 3 mm. 19 1-5 sec.
hew YORK noxiyo HOVTS.
A One-Sided Conteat, Several -Draw* and
n Knockout.
NEW YORK, N. V., Feb. 6.-The prin
cipal attraction at the boxing entertain
ment of the Union Park Athletic Associa
tion to-nicht was to have been a 20-round
bout at 138 pounds between Owen Ziecler
and Mattie Matthews of this city, but
Ziegler at the last moment claimed that
lie had broken a rib and was unaoie to go
on. This statement was later confirmed
by the club's physician, and John A. Sul
livan of Boston was requested to take
Ziegler's place. The men met at catch
weights. Sullivan was very heavy, and
Matthews pounded him all over the body,
frequently knocking him down. The ref
eree stopped the contest in the fourth
round and awarded Matthews the decision.
The tout between Jack Smith of Nor
folk, Va., and George McFadden of this
city, ten rounds' :u catch weights, was de
clared a draw. Neither man showed much
pcience, and Smith was floored three times
during the contest.
The fifteen-round bout between Joe
Bernstein and F. Bryant, both of this city,
at 133 pouiids, was also declared a draw.
At the Polo Athletic Club to-night
Johnny Gorman of this city knocked out
Dick Moore of St. Paul in the fourteenth
round, after one minute and forty-three
seconds of tierhting. The lads were matched
to box fifteen rounds at caich weights. In
the preliminary bouts of ten rounds Aus
tralian Billy Murphy and Dave Wall of
this city boxed a draw, and the second
bout between Jack Ward of Newark and
Billy Barnettoi New York was also a draw.
JtSltliX HAJLH DtLFkATED.
The JHamou* CycU*t- Xoiet - by; If»Ki«/
hrtt in a JOO-Slilr liac
CLEVELAND, Ohio, Feb. 6.— Louis
Gimm, the Clevelan i lonp distance bicycle
racer, defeated Teddy Haie, the Irish
champion, in a 100-mile race at Central
Armory to-night, For ninety-eight miles
tiie riders "jockeyed' to tire each other
and then let loose. Giium took the lead,
and although Hale managed to e<*t abreast
several times, he was each time forced to
give way. la the last two Japs Gimm in*
creased his lead a little, finishing twenty
feet or so ahead of Hale.
The official time was 4 hours and 56 sec
onds. The last mile was made in 2:39.
This was considered a remarkable feat,
considering the track being fifteen laps to
the mile. The race was under L. A. W.
auspices for 11250 a side and a percentage
of the gate receipts.
MOSTREAL &KAJXS& COXTEBI3.
Remarkable Record* Made, Despite t'n
propitioue Weather.
MONTREAL, Canada, Feb. 6.— Despite
the fact that the elements were unpro
pitious, some remarkable records were
made to-day at the meeting of the Ama
teur Skating Association of Canada.
Neillson, the Minneapolis flyer, performed
the greatest feat of the day by establish
ing a new world's record of 14:47 for the
five-mile professional race. Nearly 3000
people witnessed the races. Summaries:
1500 meters, international amateur, J. K.
MeCulloch, Winnipeg, 2:40 4-5, won; Alfred
Nas<, Norway. 12:41 4-5, second; Julius Syler,
Switzerland, 2:43 1-5, laird.
Half mile, professional, John Neillson, Min
neapolis, 1:17 1-5, won; Harley Davidson.
Montreal, 1:201-0, second; Joe Douoaghue,
New bum, 1:20 3-3. third.
10,000 meters, international amateur race,
J. K. McC'ulloeh. Winnipeg. 20:02 2-5, won ;
Sylei', 20:42'; second; John lJavidsoa, Mon
treal. 20:4 a l-j, thirl.
Five-mile professional, John Neillson. Min
neapolis, 14:47 1-5, won; O. A, Rud<l. Minne
apolis, 15:10 1-5, seconU; Harley Davidson,
16:30 2-5, third.
220-yards nmateur championship of Canada,
P. Browne, Montreal, won; W. H. Merritt, St.
John, second; \. E. Pilkie, Toronto, third.
Best time, 21 45 seconds.
Rac* Jte'.ween Club Chntnpion Runner*.
L.ONDON, Eva., Feb. 6— E. C. Breden,
the champion runner of the London Ath
letic Ciub, was defeated in a 440-yard race
to-day by A. R. Downer, champion of the
Scottish Pelican jof Edinburgh. Downer
won by a yard and a half.
SUNSET DISTRICT ELECTION.
By a Close Vote, the Projected Irrigation
System Scheme Is Given an
Indorsement
FRESNO, Cal.. Feb. 6.— The complete
returns from the election in the Sunset
irrigation district show that the plan pro
jected by the old board of directors for the
construction of the big irrigation system,
whereby water i> to be pumped from the
Kings River and distributed over a vast
area of land, has been sustained by the
people.
The vote was very close in all parts of
the district and the successful faction
elected only three of the live directors.
The new board of directors includes L.
H. Martin, Milton McWhorter, J. N. i
King, Joseph Meadows and C. S. Camp-
I 1**!!. Of these McWhorter, Martin and
Meadows are favorable to continuing the
scheme as itlready promoted.
The point of contention in the election
was the act of the old board awarding the
contract for constructing the cnnal system
to P. Y. Baker for $1,500,000. He is to
take bonds of the district for this amount
as his pay.
The opposition claim that the contract
was not given to Baker honestly, and that
the work for which he is to receive $1,500,- I
000 can be done for about $500,000.
The feeling in the district is bitter, as j
many of the residents and property-own
ers believe they are being imposed upon. ;
t.L CAJOX VALLEY TOBACCO.
Factory Opened at San Diego to Handle
the Product.
SAN DIEGO, Cal , Ftb. 6.— A factory
for the manufacture of San Diego tobacco
started hereto-day under the management
of Messrs. Johnson and McCabe, experi
enced tobacconists. The factory will em
ploy six men and will put out about four
tonsot smoking tobacco, all manufactured
from the leaf grown last season in El
Cajon Valley. This is tlie tirst home
grown tobacco ever manufactured in
Southern California. The product is de
clared by experts to be of a very high
quality, and no doubt a large acreage will
be put in next year.
SMALLPOX AT I'OKT TOWXSB\T>.
Chine te Passenger on th* Fictorla Suf-
frring J-rotn :he l>i*ea*e.
PORT TOWNSEND, Wash., Feb. 6.—
A new case of smallpox developed to-day
among the Chinese passengers who arrived
recently from the orient on the steamship
Victoria. The Chinese were subjected to
a quarantine inspection at Victoria and
discharged. As they were entering the
United States the officers deemed it ad
visable to send them into quarantine
again. They were being discharged to-day
when one Chinaman was found to be bui
fering from the disease.
Canadian* (font a Tariff.
VANCOUVER, B. C, Feb. 6.— The
Dairymen's Association and the Fruit
growers' Association of British Columbia
have now joined every agricultural asso
ciation in the province in formally re
questing that there be no reduction in the
tariff on farm products imported from the
States. Indeed, in the critical condition
of general farming in many parts of this
province, handicapped as it is by low
prices, difficulty in marketing and heavy
farm rnortga es, prominent farmers here
hold that if the duties on loreign imports
be abolished, British Columbia agricultur
ists in the coast districts may just as well
give up the struggle and leave. They can
not, it is said, compete against the prices
o! agriculturists in Washington and Ore
gon.
To Open (nlrille MettrraUon.
SPOKANE. Wash., Feb. « - Senator
John L. Wilson telegraphed irom Wash
ington to-day that within a few days he
expected a bill would be passed by Con
gress throwing open the south half of the
Colville Indian reservation to mineral
locations. The north half was thrown
open a year a^o, when a great rush ensued
and thousands of mineral claims were
located. Some of them have already be
coma valuable property. The south half
is said by prospectors to be far richer in
minerals than the north half, and when
opened the rush for locations will be the
greatest ever witnessed in the Northwest.
lacomn JUrorce Suit.
TACOMA, Wash., Feb. 6.— Robert Har
old Harrison, for many years surgeon on
the Northern Pacific steamship Victoria,
plying between this port and Hongkong,
applied to the Superior Court yesterday
lor a decree of divorce from his wife,
Blanche Harrison, on the firound of infidel
ity. Ralph Moore of Charlevilie, County
Cork, Ireland, is named as co-respondent.
The Harrison s were married in 1884 at
Duolin and have one clulo, a daughter,
whom the father seeks to retain. The
present residence ot Mrs. Harrison it not
slated, but she is believed to be living in
Dublin, from which city her husaml has
just returned.
Entertained at Tiicion.
TUCSON, Ariz., Fet>. 6.— The members
of the Territorial Legislature were guests
of the city of Tucson yesterday. In the
afternoon they participated with the stu
dent s of the University in celebrating
Arizona Arbor day. The citizens tendered
them a public reception at the new Orn
dorff Hotel at night. Filteen hundred
citiz ens greeted them. To-day they were
driven to Mi««ion Cnurch of San Xavier.
fHnhofi Newman at San IHego.
SAN DIEGO, Cal., Feb. 6.— Bißhop
Newman and wife arrived to-day from
the North. They were met at the train
by Jesse R. Grant, son of the late General
Grant, whose guests they will be during
their stay in this city. The Bishop was a
close personal friend of President Grant.
He will remain "here several days.
Arrived at Ci:y of Paris, 100 pieces or
gandie lawns, very choice, 12}£cto 15c yd. #
FOUND DYING
ON HIS BEAT
Night Watchman Alford of
Watsonville Killed by
a Bullet.
Believed to Have Attempted an
Arrest and Encountered
Resistance.
Rough Character Under Suspicion Sud
denly Disappears From tbe
Town.
WATSONVILLE, Cal., Feb. a— Night
Watchman John W. Alford was found dy
ing on the sidewalk on Lower Main street
at 2:30 o'clock this morning. Near
his hand lay a pistol and a bullet had
penetrated his brain. He expired at 7
o'clock without regaining consciousness.
Indications point to a cold-blooded mur
der.
"Jack" Bode and Carrie Smith, who
have figured in the justice courts here at
different times in the past, are believed
to know more of the officer's death than
they have revealed. Aoout 8:30 o'clock
this morning Carrie Smith awakened
Belle Anderson, a resident of the tender
loin district, and told her that Alvord had
shot himself.
Miss Anderson dressed herself and ac
companied the Smith woman to where she
found Aiford lying on the sidewalk, bleed
ing xrom a bullet wound in his head. She
at once blew her police-whistle, Officer
Fiske arrived and the dying watchman
was taken to Dr. Watter's sanitarium,
where he lingered for several hours.
There are several theories in regard to
the shooting, borne of the local officers
contend that it was a case of suicide, but
can give no reasqn for such a course. It
seems that "Jack" Bodie was given six
mouths in the County Jajl or the privi
lege of leaving the county some time ago
wnen arraigned on a charge of vagrancy.
He returned to Watsonville on Thursday
evening.
Officer Aiford had threatened to arrest
him if he ever returned, and as he had
been seen last evening it is believed that
Altord attempted to do hist duty aud was
killed for his trouble. Bodie has not
been seen since.
Miss Smith was detained for an inter
view by the Sheriff, but has since been
dismissed on her own recognizance. The
inquest has been postponed until Mon
day, so as to give the officers more time
to work on the case.
Aiford was a member of the United
Workmen and leaves a widow and eigut
children.
UKIAH' S MURDER CASE.
Knife With Which Rancher Henderson
Was Killed Found in Ybarra 's
t Cab in.
UKIAH, Cal., Feb. 6.— While searching
on the late Benjamin Henderson's piem
ises to-day lor evidence against Greeorio
I. Ybarra, charged with the murder of
the rancher, Detective Clarence >V. Bro
baclc of the local force discovered an im
portant link in the chain of evidence
against the prisoner.
Shortly after the stabbing of Henderson,
when the Sheriff placed Ybarra under ar
rest, the latter denied ail knowledge of
the killing, and when the officers found
an ordinary caseknife among the prison
er's effects he claimed it was the only
knife he possessed. The wounds on Hen
derson's body were not inflicted wkh a
weapon of this character, and Detective
Broback was detailed to search for such a
Knife as he had seen in Ybarra's posses
sion shortly before the affray in which
Henderson met his death. He to-day
brought to light a dangerous - looking
butctier-knife, about nine inches long,
with a blade of about five inches and an
extremely sharp point and keen edge,
which he found in the prisoner's cabin on
Henderson's rancn.
MERCED JAIL TRAGEDY.
James frying, Arrested for Drunkenness,
Found Dead on the Floor of
His Cell.
MERCED, Cal., Feb. 6.— James Irving
was arrested yesterday afternoon and
locked in the city calaboose, charged with
drunkenness. He was put into, the ceil
with a hobo who had been arrested earlier
in the day and who gave his name as
Shephard. Three hours afterward the
constable found Irving dead. He was
lying on his back, the front of his shirt
was torn open and a red streak around bis
neck gave btrn the appearance of having
bepp. strangled.
The tramp hays that be was asleep and
awoke to find Irving trying to strangle
himself. He talked to him and again
went to sleep. When he again awoke he
found living dead.
The matter is being thoroughly investi
gated, but as yet it is not known whether
it is a case of murder or suicide. The
Coroner summoned a jury last night. It
met and adjourned until Monday night.
In the meantime Shephard is being closely
watched, and he will be given a searching
examination, which may throw some
light on the mystery.
DROWNED NEAR SANTA ROSA.
Rider/ess Horse Emerges From a Swollen
Stream Which Had Engulfed Its
Owner.
SANTA ROSA, Cal., Feb. 6— Anne
looking bright bay horse, saddled and
bridled, but lacking a rider, swam from
the Laguna de Santa Rosa yesterday,
landing near the lllingsworth bridge, two
miles north of Sebastopo).
The bridge was at the time several feet
under water and the Laguna was bank
deep with the Hood. That some unfortu
nate rider had attempted to cross the
stream in vain is certain, and a search is
now being made for the body. The ani
mal was greatly exhausted when found
and bore unmistakable signs of having
recently been ridden.
For a time it was feared that the miss
ing man Wi>uld prove to be a Mr. Lindsay
of Guernevllle, who was seen driving cat
tle in that vicinity yesterday, but a tele
phone dispatch from Guerneville reports
that gentiemon safe at home. No one is
reported missinj, la this vicinity and no
one has appeared to claim the hors?.
Jir -wnrft in th* Sacra mentn.
SACRAMENTO, Cax., Feb. 6.— While
playing last evening with a number of
companions on a pile of old lumber on the
river bank at the foot of M street, Joe
Botanl, a six-year-old lad, fell into the
swollen current of the Sacramento River
and was drowned. Parties are en-raged
in dragging the river for his body, but it
is feared that it will be impossible to re
cover it.
GODDESS OF SAN DIEGO.
Mrs. Lewis R. Works Elected to Preside
Over the Coming Water
Carnival,
SAN DIEGO, Cal., Feb. 6.— The con
test for the position of goddess of the
water carnival ciosed to-night with the
selection of Mrs. Lewis R. "Works, who re
ceived 3685 votes out of a total of about
6000.
This afternoon the contest narrowed
down to Miss Ada Baliou, daughter of
George H. Ballou, and Mrs. Works. At
8:59 o'clock Chairman Dodge announced
WILLIAM DEVENY, 31 NORTH FOURTH STREET, PORTLAND, OREGON
PORTLAND, Oregon.— The word genial
must Have been discovered after men had
traveled much, seen the world, looked
over the various frailties of humankind
and touched the 4 philosopher's stone.
Take William Deveny as an example. I
spent fully two hours with this genial
gentleman and scarce knew the time had
flown so swiftly. He told me of his trav
els, his hardships, the bright, the dark
side, and then be interested me most
when he spoke about California. "By the
way," said he, "California is just now
coming in for a great deal of praise, and
I must confess I am heartily glad to
be able to praise California also. You see,
the great California remedy. Joy's Vege
table Sarsaparilla, has been introduced
in Portland lately, and many of our best
families are now using it. I used Joy's
Druggists who are against the home people and home remedy always offer some
thing in place of Joy's Vegetable Sarsaparilla. Don't lake the substitute.
DOCTOR SWEAPIY,
A Physician Whose Reputation Is Established by
Ten Years of Successful Practice at 737
Market Street, San Francisco.
MCDUniIO nrDII ITV Caused through hidden
IILIIVL II IrDI 19 I vices or excesses, is the
IlklllUUU U1.U11.1l Ij curse of humanity, the un-
pardonable sin. It blights all the pleasures of youth. Itdead-
ens the spirits and weakens the brain. Its train of ills and evils
tears down the strongest constitution and completely wrecks
the mental and physical man. Thousands of young and mid-
dle-aged men through this scourge of humanity have found
homes in insane asylums or filled suicide's graves. It has
broken up more homes, caused more desertions and separar-
tions than all other evils combined. If you are asufferer from
this monster of all diseases you should consult DOCTOR
SWEANY. He can positively and permanently restore your
wasted and weakened powers, your health and your strength.
AUICAI/ DA 01/ Brin g s an untimely death. Itisanun-
ffffEHll DHlin m| staka_bleslgn.of diseased kidneys,
lUIIJI nwi! Does your back ache? Do you have
sediment or brick dust deposit in the urine? Do you urinate
frequently? Have you weakness of the sexual organs, partial
or total impotency? If you have any of these symptoms you
have diseased kidneys. To neglect these troubles means to
you diabetes or Bright's disease and a premature grave. DOC-
TOR SWEANY invariably cures these diseases.
1/ADIPnPCI C Hydrocele, piles, fistula, swallings and
Vnnmlllirl T. tenderness of the organs and glands
■ ■ liilv V «*UW treated with unfailing success.
Dlf DTI! DC New method, sure cure, painless treatment.
Si SJ I .JJir- no detention from work, no experiment, no
■■"■ Wlll truss. A positive, certain and permanent
-.cure. * ■■;"'- 1? '".".'.-f,"
PRIVfITP niOETAOCG Ofever y nature positively and
rnifMl C UlaCAdbd forever cured. .
I AniPQ Wi receive special and careful treatment for all
LnUlbVI their many ailments. ..[•..*"..-...-..
UIDITC lf away from the city. Book, "Guide to Health," a
■f n I 3 t lr eatise on all the organs and their diseases, free
II 111 Ik on application. ?"';:'" '
OAJLjLj OR ADDRESS
F. L. SWEANY, M.D.,
737 ]VE^.R.E:]E:T STHBBT,
• SAX JSC'JSCO, CAL.
the vote to stand Miss Ballou 800, Mrs.
Works 505. Then out from the crowd
stepped H. W. Alden, exalted ruler of the
local lodge of Elks.
Advancin to the table, he threw down
a little sacK filled wiih coin and marked
"?159," giving all the votes to Mrs.
Works.
Mrs. WorKs is a society leader of this
city and very beautiful. She is tuo
daughter of ex-Juage W. L. Pierce and
daughter-in-law of ex-Judge John D.
Works of the State Supreme Court.
Suirittr at tfat-onrille.
WATSONVILLE,. Cal., FeD. 6.— Miss
Kate Allies Core, who was committed to
Agnews Insane Asylum last September
and released about a month ago, com
mitted suicide here yesterday by taking
carbolic acid.
Vegetable Sarsaparilla myself. I found
it pleasing to the taste and effective —
yes, very effective. I was not in a dying
condition, of course not, but I felt mean,
I all run down, or, to use the proper word,
! I felt jaded. After using one botile of
Joy's Vegetable Sarsaparilla I felt so
much better that I ordered another bottle,
and the result is entirely satisfactory.
i Ladies and gentlemen are now using
| Joy's Vegetable Sar3aparilla, and all
J that I know praise it. It is a great rem
; edy. It works like a charm and does not
| gripe. It cleanses the blood and yet
i brings out no pimples. Certainly, Joy'a
| Vegetable Sarsaparilla is a very valuable
family remedy.' 1
After leaving Mr. Deveny I talked with
several well-known ladies, and they ail
agreed that Joy's Vegetable Sarsapanlia
was a tine remedy.
56
GAVE HER POISON,
BUT NOT TO KILL
Thomas Siddall Answers
the Charges of His
Wife.
Acted Under a Doctor's Order
When He Induced Her lo
Take Morphine.
Tue Millbrae Man R -leased Frcm
Prison on Habeas Corpus
Proceedings.
REDWOOD CITY, Cal., Feb. 6 —
Thomas A. Siddall, who was arrested at
Millbrae yesterday afternoon, charged by
Dr. A. E. Baldwin of San Mateo with be
ing insane and dangerous to be at larg-,
and who is accused of having yesterday
poisoned his wife by administering mor.
phine to her, spent last night in the
County Jail at this place.
To-day he is a free man, having this
afternoon been brought before the Supe
rior Court on habeas corpus proceedings.
The Judge allowed him to go on his own
recognizance, provided he would appear
again Monday morning for further exam
ination.
His release was obtained on a techni
cality, he not having been proDerly com
mitted. The complaint on which he was
anested was signed by Dr. Baldwin, but
was not sworn to as required by law.
Siddall is a man about 28 years of age,
and his wife is 25 years old. He stated
to-day that his wife has been subject to j
fits, and when in this condition she bau |
been in the habit of taking morphine
pills, under the direction ol a physiciau.
She had been ailing for two or three days
previous to the alleged poisoning and, she
being worse yesterday, he gave her a
morphine pili.
This not having the desired effect, he i
her another a half hour later. He ;
'lenies that he did so with any evil motive.
He was merely carrying out the directions
of a physician.
As a result, svmptonis of poisoning be
gan to' appear. Hie became worse and
physicians ■were summoned. For awhile
her life was despaired of, but the efforts
of the physicians proved successful. It
was learned to-day that she was able to be
up and around.
Ttie couple liave one young chid, which
the mother had been nursing and which
also showed symptoms of poisoning. The
chi.ii is quite ill.
Siddall aimitted that his married life
had been anything but happy and har
monious. He has been married about
three y?ars and i: is undervood that he
comes of a wealttiy family in England.
While living in Ontario, Canada, his wife
had him arres ed on a charge of insanity,
but that charge was dismissed.
At that time he transferred all of his
property to hsr, he being then a prosper
ous grocer. On cornine to this county he
purchased a home i;i Milibrae. which he
has since given to his wife. He now .'-ays
that she is trying to get rid of him, and
that certain persons living in his neigh
borhood have conspired with her for that
purpose. He accuses his wife of having
an ungovernable temper, citing several
instances when she had threatened to do
him bodily harm. One time lie was com
pelled to destroy a pistol that he had in
the house for fear she would use it.
He admits that he has beon unmanly
enough at different times to use personal
violence torvard her, and that ou one oc
casion her screams brought in the neigh
bors.
Now that the woman has recovered it
is not believed .that the charges against
him will be pressed. When snown the
account of the alleged poisoning as it ap
peared in this morning's Examiner, Sld
dall became very much incensed and ae
nounced it as a tissue of falsehoods. He
has signified bis intention of suing that
paper for libel.
ROMANCE CF PACIFIC GROVE.
Embarrassing Position of a Man Who
Was Rejoicing in ihe Possession
of Two Wives.
PACIFIC GROVE, Cal , Feb. 6.-Ernest
W.'Srnith; who was brought back to this
city a few days ago by Constable E. B.
Gross from Santa Ana on a charge pre
ferred by his wife No. 1, had his prelimi
nary trial in J. A. Patrick's conrt this
morning. Smith in 1889 was married to
Miss Kate Enclish of Visalis. They re
moved to Pacific Grove and lived here for
about two years. Smith became infatuatea
with another woman and left his wife.
Mrs. Smith returned to her home in
Visalia.
Nothing was hear.l of Smith asain until
he returned to Pacific Grove last year with
ui3 mother and a woman he had intro
duced as his wife. Residents here sup
posed he was divorced, but no one of the
witnesses appearing this morninp claimed
that he ever said ne was divorced from
Mrs. Smith No. 1.
In October last Smith brought hor.-es
and wagons here, saying he was going to
move to the south. His mother and "Mrs.
Smith" would go by train and lie over
land. On October 2G Constable Gross
served divorce papers on Smith, in a suit
instituted in Visalia. Gross testified this
morning that Smith when served with
the papers said:
"Well, what shall I do? That places me
in a bad light."
Mrs. Smith 2 was then living with him
and he told Gross he had married her in
Mariposa County about a month previ
ous. The next lime Gro«a saw Smith was
when he went to Orange County to arrest
him.
not appearing to answer to the
di voice proceed ine-» in Visalia, tne first
wife came to Pacific Grove to loot him
up. but found he had gone. Siie traced
him to the sonth und had him brought
back. A certified copy of the marriage
license between Smith and Kate English
was introduced in evidence this morning,
and also a statement from the County
Clerk at Visalia, stating that no divorce
had been granted.
IMO COV.\TX FO&SILS.
'Jtirllt Shells Uncovered, by a Protpeetor
Srarchinp for Gold.
SANTA MONICA, Cat,., Feb. 6.—
Colonel T. W. Brooks and a party of
friends have leit Pomona for the deserts
and valleys ot Inyo County. Several
years a^o Colonel Brooks spent some
months in that section prospecting for
gold. In his hunt for hidden treasures he
one day pitched camp at the foot of a
mountain and in looking around for
quartz leads ctmt upon numerous fine
specimens of fobsil turtle?.
It was not convenient for him at that
time to return with any of his wonderful
find, and it is only now that he Uaa gone
<o recover them and bring them home.
The larger part of the turtle shells will be
sent to the Field Columbian Museum at
Chicago, and the balance divided up
among the party to keep as trophies of the
Pacific Coast country.
SAN JOSE CULPRIT CAUGHT.
Kept the Fire Department Busy Racing
to Answer Numerous False
Alarms.
B AN JOSE. Cal., Feb. 6.— A great many
false alarms of fire have been turned in of
late and Chief Ford of the Fire Depart
ment has been investigating with a view
of making a number of arrests. Last
Sunday morning, while the department
was fighting a fire at the corner of Market
and El Dorado streets, a false alarm was
turned in from box 73 at the Eureka Hose
house, on Eighth street. Chief Boyd yes
terday obtained evidence connecting
Henry Borchers, a plumber, with the
sending in of the alarm and swore to a
complaint before Justice Gass. Borchers
was arrested last >ji^ht and released on
bail. This morning he was arraigned on
the charge and his trial set for March 2.
, About a year ato Borchers held up
Policeman Monohan at the point of a
s-hotgun and made him release Herbert
Calglesser, a companion of his, who had
been arrested lor tirine a gun upon the
public strr-eii". Borchers paid a fine of $76
for this offense.
The city ordinance provides a penalty
of JICO line or thirty days in the City
Prison for turning in false alarms. Chief
Ford expects to cause another arrest
shortly.
fTOJtKIXO Hut I HI. CHARTER.
Mayor Ph-lati, Itr. Jordan and Others
to Address the Voters.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Feb. 6.— A mass-meet
ing under the auspice* of the New Charter
Club will be held at Turn Verein Hall
next Friday evening for the purpose of
arousing enthusiasm among the citizens
and advancing the interests of the char
ter. Senator H. V. Morehouse has been
asked to preside. Addresses will be de
livered by Mayor Phelan of San Francisco
and President Jordan of Stanford Uniwr-
sity.
The business men and citizens generally
are working hard for Ihe new charter, and
there seems to be little doubt that it will
carry. The election will be held on Feb
ruary 2i.
Constable Jtranton Arraitinrd.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Feb. 6.— Charles
Branson, the deputy constable wlio was
arrested last evening on a charge of bur
glary, was arraigned before Justice Goss
this morning and his preliminary exami
nation set for February i). He has been
released on $1000 bail. Ihe complainant
is Loui Chung Lung, the proprietor of a
Chinese employment office on El Dorado
street, who alleges that Branson kicked
in the door of his place and robbed him
and two other inmates of $25. Branson
denies that he robbed the Chinamen, but
Mtys he was looking for evidence to con
vict them of running an opium joint.
Turners ltanc- en Maaqw.
SAN* JOSE, Cal., Feb. 6.— The twenty
sixth annual masquerade ball of the San
Jose Turn Vereiu was held at Turn Verein
Hall to-night. The place was crowded
with maskers and spectators, and the
affair was voted the event of the season.
The committee of arrangements consisted
of H. C. Doerr. A. Menn Jr., H. Liebe. J.
M. Waiermann, Fred Doerr, W. H. Rit
ter and William Kersken.
Hurglars Loot a Snloon.
PAN JOSE. Cal., Feb. 6.— The Noble
Saloon, conducted by A. Fortlouls, on
Santa Clara street, near Third, was looted
by burglars early this morning. The
cash register was robbt-d of $19 Bf>, and a
lot of cigars and liquor taken. A sfcylight
in the roof was removed, and the thieves
let themselves down into the saloon with
a rope. An exit was made through a rear
door.
COWBOYS ATTACK
OPERATIC STARS
Columbia Company Beset
by Denizens of the
Range.
Men Maltreated and Women
Insulted at a Station
in Montana.
Promiscuous Shooting Indulged fa by
a Party of Drunken Rough
Riders.
SPOKANE, Wash , Feb. 6.— The Colum
bia Opera Company was attacked by cow
boys at Shelby Junction, Mont., on the
Great Northern Railroad, last night. It
was tired upon, the women of the com-
Dany insul.ed and the men maltreated
and threatened with revolvers. The cow
boys were drunk. Tue attack was entirely
unvrovokoU.
The company arrived in Spokane this
evenin . W. R. Reynolds, the director,
said: "While we were awaiting the ar
rival of the train at the junction, having;
showed last nt Butte, drunken cowboys
rode up to the station and commence 1
shooting about lucklessly. They entered
I toe waiting-room and insulted «ome of
| the ladies of the company. Kirtland Cal
j houn, the stage manager, requested them
to desist, but they put a revolver to his
head and told him to keep still or they
'would blow the top of his curly head off.'
The men of the company, although un
armed, attempted to resist tbe attacks of
| the drunken and reckless men, but when
j they did so they wore ma'treated."
Arthur Kellam, a member of the chorus,
was hit on the heaa with a revolver, and
Eugene Ilo;*»r- was also injured on the
head. Mr. Reynolds, at the point of a
pistol, was waikert off a platform ten feet
high, sevieiy injuring his hand.
Passenger* o;i the same train ray the
cowboys uid not mean to do harm, but
were simply drank and shooting reck
lessly. When they learnel thai an opera
company was in the station tuey thought
they would have some fun, but. carried
the «t>ort too far. Some of Uiern treated
the women in a most disgraceful manner.
Division Superintendent Rogers ot the
Great Northern says he will follow up the
outrage to the end and wiil cause the ar
rest of the cowDoyp. The ringleader is
said to be well known.
Hantrm Workman Killed.
SAN DIEGO, Cau, Feb. 6.— Charles
Encireiss of this city, employed in the
stone quarries at Santee, twenty miles
east, was struck by a falling rock «t noon
to-day and fatally crushed. He died while
being brought to this city.
Clearance sale fine eyeglasses, specs, 15c
to 40c. Sundays, 740 Market street (Kail's
•hoestore); weekdays, 05 Fourth sU •
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 7, 1897.
FLOODS DESCEND
UPON STOCKTON
Portion of the City South
of Mormon Channel
Inundated.
Forces of Men Work Diligently
All Night to Lessen the
Damages.
Waters of the Sacrrm no River
Overflow the .Surrounding
F.irmn; Land.
STOCKTON, Cal, Feb. 6.— The hiph
water predicted yesterday came last night
and this morning, causing a partial flood
here, which was contined mainly to that
portion of the city lying south oi Mormon
Channel and west of Center street Almost
all of that section was inundated.
At the Ban Joaquin-street bridge over
Mormon Channel tbe water was Highest
at 8 o'clock, and soon after that began to
subside; bnt lower down the street, and
also in Stockton Channel, the flood kept
on rising and was augmented by the back
water.
During the early hours of the morning
the main field of operations of the flood
fighters was Weber avenue, from its foot
up to the California Navigation and Im
provement Company's sheds. At that
place the Street Department did a first
class piece of work, for which it deserves
praise.
The water began pouring over the ave
nue shortly after midnight and Street
Superintendent Bidwell, who was up all
night with a gang of men, ordered five or
six carloads of gravel brought up from the
Coal Roads track near the bunkers.
The cars were hauled by a dray teem,
und with the gravel a small levee was
speedily built, which prevented the water
from filling the hollows on the south side
of the avenue and eventually flooding
Pleasant Valley, as that portion of the
city weßt of Center street and between
Mormon and Stockton channels is called
At the flour-mills and the warehouses
preparations were made for a ducking,
and at the steamboat shed all damageable
goods were removed or put upon a safe
elevation. The water began to run over
the flooring of the Navigation Company's
shed at 8 o'clock.
At the Sperry mill trouble presented
itself early, for the water began to pour
up through the rainwater sewers at the
intersection of the avenue and what used
to be called Beaver street. The flow was
stopped by placine sacks of bran over* the
open ings in the Bewer and weighting them
down.
The water 3 are now receding, and all
the channels are lower than they were
this morning.
ItUOKEy LEVEES St:A J. CQLVSA.
J urun Inundated by th« Sacramento
■ . • Jtiter Orerflntp.
\i\ COLUSA, Cal., Feb. The river here
registers £6 feet, being about one foot and
nine inches below high water mark. It is
falling slowly.
If it had not been for three large breaks
in the levee on the east side, between Co
lusa and Butte City, the river would cer
tainly have reached a higher mark than
ever before, but the breaks — one about a
mile above Coiusa, another about twelve
miles above and the third just opposite
Princeton— drew off an immense quantity
of water and eased the l«vees on this side.
There is one vast sea of water from Co
iusa to The Buttes, a distance of seven
miles, and as far north and south as the
eye can reach. Many farms are entirely
under water and stoc^. is being fed on tLe
levees. lovtunately there is no danger of
loss of life.
Below Coiusa, on Grand Island, tbe
lower tales have been rapidly tilting up
for the past few days by tbe bill, or back
water, and it was thought the levees sur
rounding reclamation district 108 would
go out.
Had they not held, the water supply
would have flooded 72,000 aore« ot the best
land in the Sacramento Valley. As the
storm seems broken and the* levees are
still intact it is believed the greatest
danger has passed.
STANFORD THEATRICALS.
Sword and Sandal Club Rehearsing for
the Crmedy •• She Stoops to
Conquer."
STANFORD, Cal., Feb. 6.— Rehearsals
for an elaDorate production ot Goldsmith's
comedy, "'She Stoops to Conquer," occur
twice a week, and the indications are that
the dramatic effort of the Sword and
Sandals will be rf decided success. Several
critics who have witnessed full rehearsals
give it unstinted praise. The comedy will
be correctly staged and costumed at con
siderable expense. W. H. lrwln '98 is
acting as stage manager, and W. P. Mc
lntosh '97; has charge of the business end
of the enterprise.
The three stars of the club, by a strange
coincidence, are the members of the fresh
man class— Frant Riley, John Bri-eoe
and Miss Grace DinkeUpiel. The other
characters of the comedy wiil be strongly
tilled by the pick of the Sword and Sandal
Club. The following it the cast:
Str Charles Mariow Evans II ol brook
Marlow ..:........ ...; Frank Ktley
Havings .- George Busch
Jiardcantle tt\ c Vxlct>
i Tony l.!!!np*ius John Brlscoe
i Uixgory Walter Mctmosti
, Stlr«o.. ...:......•. j. k. Itioe
! Mis» Harrtcasiie...... . v Miss (irace Dlnkulspiel
Coi s'atice .Neville Mias Akiici Morlev
Mrs. Uardcastlo... Ml«s M. U. Ferrel
Mad.. alias Haiitell
A professional director will be on gaged
to put on the finishing touches. The date
for the initial periormance has not as yet
been definitely set. It will be in the
neighborhood oi March 1.
I'ETALUMA MXSTESiT.
Peculiar Afionn of n l> O g tiire JCvldenee
«/ n Jrngrdy
PETALUMA, Cal., Feb. 6.-Surmises
of a probable tragedy are indulged in by
citizens along the water front, owing to
the mysterious actions of an unknown
dog. This canine has for the past four
days been guarding a portion of the bank
of the creek opposite Camru & Hedges'
planing-mili. refusing alt offers of food,
and at tinu-s wading into the water and
emitting howls of distress. Though *-e
peatedly driven away be constantly re
turns to his vigil as soon as his disturber
aisappear?.
The animal is a stranger to every one,
and though no one is known to be miss
ing* If animal sagacity goes for aught,
there is small doub; that the dog-,
master met his death, at the point guarded.
Owing to the swift-running current that
would carry a body away, the authorities
are making no efforts to unravel the mys
tery, leaving it for time to solve.
. V NEW TO-DAT-DKT GOODS. t; HV (V \
4-: , i.
I \^g^^ ; OUR 50-CENT SALE. ~~ |
======== . Each Fifty Cents looks as big as a dollar, don't it? Well, = - &.
3g Black Silk Brocades 50c. ■;;-.; that's how it will act at the sale. 'Twill buy about as much Carpet Rugs 50c. v A.
JT The favorite Dachesse Satin grounds, as a dollar ordinarily Will, for prices are Chopped in about A choice of Brussels patterns in^
"^ '"P floral patterns all pnre silk, 21 halves. This saie gives the majesty of a dollar to every half almost all colors; 06 inches long, 27 *§►
inches wide; value at *L, : you possess. Never before have you had such a chance. inches wide. -
£ New Printed Foulards 50c. j ___^^_ . •v _ ■ =- New Crepons 50c. J.
<^* Handsome, large printed de«iprn«, in VT _. _ "•■.--■_« - - Fancy checked desiens, new two and "^
-^ navy, black and green colored New L»!"CSS UOOds 50c. Table Damask 50c. . three color combinations, raised bis- .^
r-jf, grounds, all silk, 23 inches wide. . ■■ . Two-toned Camel's Hair Checks, 46 inches wide. Kich. larjre patterns, half bleached, full 2 yards cuite^ e Ct3. ;£
«? _. __. . _, mn ■ .' ' R!ln ' silk Wool Novelty Checits and Scotch wide, extra heavy grade. Mncrir I anierni ''"• -s^»
t Fancy Waist Silks 50c. : cheviots ma vast variety of coionnss and effects. magic Lanierns due. -^
TAn immense selection of fancy R ,_. w* n ,, wt en Linen Crash— lo yards for 50c. Has slides and circular Tiews, put np A.
A stripes, fi«rure and brocades, in Taf- Black Bourette 50c. Pure linen, about 16 inches neat red checked chrTSma. tiie fSsl * at *
S f eta, Grosde Lond res, Batin, Louisi An imported all-wool French faoric, 48 Inches designs. v-nn&iniab time lor *i. 15^
4* me, Twilled and other weaves; every wlUe particularly adapted to seuarate skirts. Tft«,*lc , fnr -^ Plaque and Easel 50c. *&.
Jt, color among them. v^ Black Jacauard* «WV itT ' lt , /"" w \, « Hand-painted flint glass plaque, 5 3
T? ri,,n vi c*ll,B-Brv. : t>l * iWK jacquarOS OUC. Knotted frlngc-u damasks and fine ready to use inphpirtiiiniPWr irilt easel *?►
*: Changeable SllkS SOC. All-wool e ood . 39 inches wide, rich, gUwsy.satin hucks, regular 25c C rade s . inches diameter, gilt eaaei. ■^
*$* The popular Twilled Silks now used pounds, large, handsome floral and set figured de- —..- , . _» Scrap Books 50c. ■^» >
£± forWai u.andDre sLinings;allth« 8l BQa8 Qa / Turkish Towels— 5 for 50c. 54 pa^ es% Bize 16x12 inches, coyer;j 1.
£ pretty two color combinations. • : . Table Covers 50c Large on«s for the bathroom. 39x19 inches, an- richly embossed in eilt and colors.
—. . ~. vrvr^. bleached heavy Dile, good and scratchy. J /♦
2? Ladies' Trimmed Hats 50c. Heavy M CheD ln exquisite desuns.«omo on Dressed Doll and Bed 50c.
_t^ Stylish Alpine and Fedora Walking a^nd!^ heavy double knotted fringe all Bureau Scarfs 50c. Doll is 14 inches long, nicely dressed, &
■^jt Stylish Alpine and Fedora Walking around, e-i B izf, large enough for an ordinary D« reau awris wl. Doll is 14 inches long, nicely dressed, ■S^
jt, Hats and Flat Sailors, trimmed with table. r>\ . ■ Fancy mnmle. damask and plain linens, open bedstead 15 inches long, solid oak. «
| OZjrSS.ZtiSS: -r» b^'' New U.ces-4 yards for SOc. c^Tet OuilU^" 1 '" '" "*"" Lace Bandings 6 yds for SOc. t
•? aii oMi n..a.^ , n " •-. :-■-.. The new putty : and butter colors, In Oriental, Vrocnct V« Ills 3UC. The new butter color point de Tenise ?T
J&. AH-bllK Ribbons 50C piece. j Egyptian, D'irlantie, Venise and other styles. Double bed size, heavy Jlnrseilles patterns, lace banding, 3 inches Wide, several A
T^ Satin ana Gros-Grain Silk Ribbons, T h e y range in widths up to 9 inches hemmed all around and ready for use. different patterns. .;£
•£* No. 7 width, in-pinks, blues reds, ' Men's Socks, 3 pairs for 50c. .tr
*of io'y? rd 8 andCream;f^ P eCe Wm JUlk. Ain'BWni^ s l p.iced°"oes Ind 80?e? la fSli d * I
«|* An assorted lot, square and V neck?, IAL 1^ |p* HI HL Hhl B Children's Hose, 4 prs for 50z.
Made of Dotted Lawns in fancy MBhI MHI j^Jf Beat white rubber, screw top with ii.
J: styles; also a fww White Lawn Full ™"~~ la&dßW BHhH — ■HH IS^ir Bfl bottom hanger, 2-quart capacity. .-3
■^- Blouses in thelot; worth $L / ■ ' - ..-,,.,,■ . - . . „ . o •« ' __ ■ * &»
T -.... , o . _ rt ~~~ : : ~~ — ' Hair Brushes 50c. ;j
«^ Children s Bonnets 50c. Misses' Union Suits 50c. Umbrellas 50c. Loomis 1 imported olive wood baot, *J-
jt. Fancy Silks and Embroidered Lawns, Pure wbite wool Combination Union Suits, siwa 8 Heavy twill«d cotton coverings, steel frame, na- clear white hog bristles, different Vj»
T? severaldifferent styles and shapes, all to 1 3 years, were fl 25. tural noo* ani crook handles. shapes, 9to 15 rows of bristles, %5T
Jtt trimmed with pompons and ruches. Cniidren s Underwear s o c . Jackets sQc> Toilet Articles-50c. i>
Tr- c *v n En , Children's Underwear 50c. Ladies' Jackets 50c. Toiiet Articles-50c.
Cogue r-eatHer BoaS 50C. All-wool sanitary Red Undershirts and Drawers odds and ends of various styles in black color and f-oz. bot English Lavender Water 60c 4A.
13 Bright, lustrous feathers, full and [ for boys or girls, sizes 28 to 34. were »1 18. mixed effeots, mostly ail sizes. ° 8-oz. bot. Honie's Rum and Quinino ;*
t Sot r enS, inChe3 lt>DS bUCk Si ' k "^ Lakes' Ribbed Vests | laid Waists 50c . S-oA'S.^SlS'Trae Bay Rum 50c. f
T Black Seal Belts SOc. ISS^^^S^S^^S^SS^^ cfa a n de piafdralf I ,r.r c<d Fi " ne:e " es - in Scotch a^tiiS;6oe. Belle Handkerchief El * i-T
T^ Ladies' new leather belts, the back a " black - . "' Large bars Imported White Castile -^
lined with ieather, new leather-coy- Floss Pillows 50c. Embroidery — 5 yards for 50c . - Soapsoc n • ■■••^
-. ered harness buckles. . Th. proper size for a sofa, fall 24 Inches square, Lovely open-work Irish Point patterns on" sheer Hi ? h -g. rade Flower Odor Toilet Soaps IT
+? Link Bracelets 50c. covered cambric muslin. • lawns and cambrics, 5 yards ln a piece. —Lily of the Valley, Musk, Rose +5*
f Polish gilt finish, satin or chased ef- Window Shades— for 50c. ! Ladies' Black Hose— prs for SOc box f«SSS Yi - 3 Cakes ln a *
I B^.nTlUth.SH.diiSrihu! u WBIC-rai7^ ttoß * 8 SSSsSSSSS Large Size Engli B aChamoisSkin 8 500 |
d .. en * ie«»iae,,priDg oaers. ished spliced soles, combed fcgypilan cotton yarn. riAli "^irtcne
I Initia. Handkerchiefs SOc box Hemmed Pillowcases— 6 for SOc. Souvenir Spoons SOc. . §p HAIL ORDERS w,u v f
Initial Handkerchiefs 50c box Fuir v . 46i36 lncbes> hemmei aad Souvenir Spoons SOc. For any of the above items will be 2
J; Ladies sheer lawn, hemstitched, al- ready for use. sterling sliver, all local scenes, such as Goiden "lied provided the goods are on hand
4* most all letters in the lot; nice, D | aa^u a * Mllc i in in «rle fnr ?(V Gate cl.fl hous-, Go!d Digiers, etc ; were *l and when the orders are received. Some gL.
IF sightly initial; half dozen in a box. Bleached Muslin— lo yds for SUC. ai as apiece. lines are extremely limited. *T
* - . ■ = L n l ya e de>so " flnlBhe<l ' lor un<lerwettr and Purse and Cardcase 50c. , - *
■s^^gt^. Fancy Calico-12 yards for 50c. »^a B i% B r.? a n d^^.M. fl t2?^2 1^ x^^^^^v "t
•?7 ' A&K N 4, it fi^&K ' Light, mcaium and darlc colorins». saltabie for ln a box. /&C$S& Z. WwrV^^V." ' +?*
* -^/^*9*<»-^ »'*- -*^^\ house dresses, wrappers, etc. :;-« ■ . /ff A X^TP!CnV(^53ttC^!V '^
T /^S<^i||y*g3£^ Blea. Canton Flan'l— 7 yds for 50c Chatelaine Bags 50c. ffS^f/WW^^^ *
* / ff WCtsk3.v*g?Tr> JeMKJrrg*^ 1 ". e alHv fle ° Ce<l baC "' tW " led SUrfaCCl r€SUlar 10C Hluclt k rain leather, new shape leather BtraPS and // J^fw^%^\ *
t /ff £j£§2&Wkji£gf^jr''* c 1 Heavy fleeced back, twUled surface, regular 10c 1 lealner . covereacll^ h- B>tod^3^^\^]s\ .
2J ll^ v^^^^B^%^li Fancy Ginghams— lo yds for 50c Ladies' Handkerchiefs— 4 for 50c. if w^lll^ Ste*|i
\'.' \ A^-WJi^&^miKTi^^g^ Iff Dark colorings, In stripes, cliecks a,nd plaids, suit- j Handsome Swiss scalloped embroid'-red edces, \Pi 7* =^$t& f^Ei l^lf "'y'
£•. XK'^nZlUßpV^Ge&r • £0 able lor ladles' and children's wear. sheer pineapple cioth, worth 2t'c apiece. V* iv3vJ^ -H. B£j .*i»
% SAN FRANCISCO'S CHEAPEST STORE, I J^^^^m^^ '- %
S '"'. : i ' "..*;• Market Street, Corner Taylor and Golden Gate Aye. <^^xnv&^ft&^ 2^
SCHOOL TROUBLE
AT MILL VALLEY
Principal N. B. Country
man Mnst Face Serious
Charges.
Accused by C. E. Cline of 1 1-
Treating and Beating His
Nine- Year- Old Boy.
Denies the Accusation and Insists
Upon an Early Hearing of
the Case.
MILL VALLEY, Cat... Feb. G.-The
greatest excitement has been occasioned
here by charges preferred by Charles E.
Cline, a local painter, against the princi
pal of the Mill Valley public school, N. B.
Countryman, who is al>o a member of the
Marin County Board of Education, for al
leged brutal treatment of Ernest Cline, a
young son of Charles Cline. Young Cline
is about 10 years old and is a scholar in
Miss Mollie Bradley 's class in the Mill
Valley school.
The warrant for Countryman's arrest
was sworn out before Justice of the Peace
J. S. Bellrude of Sauaalito, Justice
Thomas Fottrell ol Mill Valley having re
fused to issue a warrant upon the showing
made by Cliue. Mr. Countryman, upon
learning that Cline bad bronzht charges
against him, immediately gave himself up
and requested a hearing with all possible
bast*. Justice Bellrude set the matter for
bearing for this afternoon at 1 o'clock, at
which time Mr. Countryman, acting as bis
own attorney, pleaded not guilty, and the
case was set for trial ior Monday after
noon.
Mi Cline said that on his son's body
were the marks left by Mr. Countryman's
fists where he had struck the lad. The
child, according to Cline, was covered with
black and blue mark?, the result of the
beatings given him on Wednesday and
Thursday oi this week at the school bouse.
Mr. Countryman, the principal of tlie
school, tells an entirely different story.
He denies that he struck the boy with his
lists and says that be administered to him
only such a whipping as ho deserved, and
that no undue violence was resorted to.
Ho said that young Cline had been creat
ing a disturbance in his class and Miss
Bradley had sent him to the principal to
receive punishment. The boy had his
head bound in strings.whicb Mr. Country
man told him to take off. This he did in
a tit of anger, whereupon the principal ad
ministered to Dim a couple of reminders
with his open hands. The next day the
hoy was sent to him again, and this lime
Mr. Countryman obtained a switch and
was about to whip him, when the lad
crabbed it and brotee it. He gave the boy
a whipping, nevertheless, bat absolutely
deuieh that he kicked him or punched
him.
Attorney r Adolph ' Sylva said this after
noon that he iu tended to Inform tue oiii
cers of the Society for the Prevention of
Cruelty to Children of the affair. The child
ia liis client.
ROIiBEHS AT ISA < SAL ISO.
Andrew yiekle*' Oytttr Grotto Looted
and a Vet Parrot btolrtt.
SAUSALITO, Cau, Feb. 6.— Andrew
Nickles, the proprietor of the Sausalito
Oyster Gfrotto, situated on Water street,
is keeping a silent vigil at the ferry land
ing in the little seaside town and all on
account of a missing parrot. Last night
or early this morning some person broke
the class on the side door leading into the
grotto, and putting an arm through the
opening drew the bolts back and effected
&v entrance.
The crime was not discovered until this
morning when the grotto was opened for
business. It was then seen that robbery
bad been committed, for the midnight
visitors had rifled the money drawer,
whicii contained only $2 in small change.
They also carried away a fine parrot that
was hanging in the grotto. The bird was
confined in a heavy cage and the burglars
took cage and all, but the cage has been
recovered, it was lound on the steps lead
ing to El Monte Hotel, but minus the par
rot. Mr. Nickles wishes to recover the
bird also, ana that is the reason he is on
the lookout at the ferry landing. Besides
tbis precaution he has had a search insti
tuted among the boats in the harbor.
Before Judge Joseph- H. Pryor he swore
out a warrant this morning and is ready
to place the burglar under arrest as soon
as he appears with the parrot.
Sntnalltn Junticr Antray.
SAUSALITO, Cal., Feb. 6.— Justice J.
S. Bellerude has not as yet found out who
took the four pages from his docket and
committed the crime of trifling with
Bausalito justice. He said to-ciay that it
happened a long time ago and he knew of
it then. He left the docket in his office
and went down the street, returning )n
fifteen minutes to find that four pages
were raisxing. The missing pagen con
tain the record of the case of Mrs. Josie
Viale agaiusl Mrs. Delcraix, who Keot a
boarding-house in Tiburon. Mrs. Vial*
sued for $33 50 for services. The case was
never settled, and has just been brought
up again, only to find the records gone.
Rejoicing ls» Marin County.
SAN RAF4 EL, Cau, Feb. 6.— There is
rejoicing in Merin County on account of
the news telegraphed from Sacramento to
the effect that the convict-labor bill had
passed both houses of the State Legisla
ture and only awaits the signature of
the Governor to become a law. It is
known that Governor Budd approves of
the measure, and the excellent work
which the prisoners have done in the way
of road-building will be continued.
Tnmalpaia Itond fnnnlUj.
MILL. VALLEY, Cal., Feb. 6.— The
landslides on Tamalpnis, wbicii for a
number of days have stopped travel over
the Tamalpais scenic road, have been
cleared away and trains are again being
run regularly.
Vancouver Prcncher't Invention.
VANCOUVER, B. C, Feb. 6.— Every
one who uses a typewriter will welcome
the news of an invention which bids fair
to revolutionize the typewriter's business.
Rev. W. W. Baer, a Methodist minister
m this city, has succeeded in producing
an auioraatic device whereby the carriage
of the machine will return to tn« com
mencing point after reaching the end of a
line, and which will also automatically
space up for the next line.
To close out— ll-4 white Marseilles
quilla, heavy, ?2 50. City oi Paris, •
A FIGHT AMONG
RAILROAD MEN
Assessments for the Local
Association Cause a
Decided (Revolt.
The Southern and Union Pac.fic
and Santa Fe Appeal to
Chairman C aid well.
Agents of Northern Roads Say It Is
Only Just That the Others
Pay Larger Rates.
A warm meeting of tbe members of the
San Francisco and Oakland Passenger As
sociation occurred yesterday, in the asso
ciation office in the Mills building. It
was all about a raise in the pro rata of
the expenses lor carrying on the associa
tion levied by the new auditing com
mittee.
The local association is subordinate to
tbe Transcontinental Association, and is
made up of representatives of the trans
continental roads in tnis City and Oak
land. It is, like the parent association, for
the purpose of maintaining rates. To pay
the expenses of maintaining the organi
zation assessments are levied on all the
roads.
The assessment is changed from time to
time on the general basis of the business
done by each road. In winter the roads
running through , the warm belt, like the
Southern Pacific, do the larser part of the
business.
The new auditing committee, composed
of Mr. Rice of the Great Northern. Mr.
Sanborn of the Burlington and Mr. Sned
daker ot the Rio Grande Western, got to
gether the other day and reapportioned
the percentage of the exDenses. They
raised the Southern Pacific's rale from 18
to 21><£ per cent; the Union Pacific's from
13 to 18 per cent, and the Santa Fe's from 11
to 14 per cent. The other roads, of which
there are SOme seven or eipht.were as
sessed at from 5 to 8 per cent. -
When tins report was reaa yesterday at
v.n m *f !" S ° f tbe «»«<>ciation *t caused a
™Ih TL Sm y frOm the three aforesaia
*IW LJJS S . om . h ern Pacific was especi
allj decided , n its protest that, it would
not pay the quota assessed. The UnL
Pacihc ana the nta Fe chimed in read"
ily with the Sonthern Pacific, and the
matter was appealed for final decision to
n?nt rm r C . ald .^U of tbe Transcont£
nental Association at Chicago,
An odd ihing In connection with the
"fh w ?r* lhat no later than Thursday
usual^,n U !l lOn . PaOific eaTe notice-the
usual ten days' notlce required— -that it
would withdraw Iroru the .association
However, _it immediately i withdrew X
notice, and yesterday, when the raided as .
se-sments were submitted, at once ioined
in the appeal with the other road*. J £f
flni , battle caused considerable of ] a
J u ">; for . a time. The members of the
audHin commitlee \ maintain that they
I are right in their position, and that Chalr
man Caldwell will without doubt, when
he gets their full statement of what the
roads are doing, uphold the action of the
committee.
MR WALLER CHUCKLED.
Shopped for Surgical Instruments and
Undercut Supervisor Kottanzi.
School Director Waller chuckled audi
bly yesterday concerning his success in
underbidding Dr. Kottanzi for surreal
instruments for the Receiving Hospital.
His original bill was for $254. Dr. Rot
tanzf, as a member of. the Health and
Police Committee of the Board of Super
visors, held up this bill as excessive. Then
Mr. Waller told the committee that he
was compelled by Dr. Weill to purchase
at one place and bad not been givten the
option to look around for lower *pric«s.
Then Dr. Rottanzi and School Director
Waller both went about seeking prices
for the instruments needed and, accord
ing to Mr. Waller, the result was as fol
lows: Rottanzi $168, exclusive of a $7 in
strument which he overlooked; Waller
$160 25, including the whole lot' needed.
This is about $84 less than the firßt bill.
Trngedv at Seattle.
SEATTLE, Wash., Feb. &— Guace Perry,
a young woman well connected in thia
city, who had left her home to live with
Edward Coir, until recently a seaman on
the revenue cutter Grant, comanitted sui
cide tli is morning by taking cajrbolic acid.
Cole was formerly a resident o»f Ban Jo?e.
KEW to-dat:
~W¥elwT~
W CUT-RATE
— Tnniifurinr- MOISTS.
OPEN ALL NIGHT.
SPRING /VIEDICINES
flow Is the Time to Cleanse the Blood.
Cutlcura Resolvent .. ' ......70c
BHker's Honduras SsrsaparUla.;.. . 75c
Hood's Sarsaparilla. 65c
Jny's>arsaparH;a. ".".I."."I!iJ."!".! 65c
.Pierces Favorite Prescription 66c
Allen's Female ltestoratlve.. ......66c
l'lnkham'a Comrouna .•.- . .. ; ..........65c
s s. S. 5w1te555pec1f1c".........!....." 65c
Palne's Celery Compound... 60c
Ayer's -ar<aiiarilla ;.. 05c
Thompson's Dandelion anil CVlery Tonic 66c
California Syrup of Klga 35c
AVampo e'.s Coa Uvrr oil 75c
Scott's Emulsion 1 65c
Baker's Kmulsion Cod Liver C 1 76c
Williams' Pink Pills 85c
Allen's l>:ire .Mult Whisky 8&c
'Warner's Safe Cure ." 85c
THE OWL
BIRDSEED PACKAGE.
Each package contains a cuttlefish bone and
booklet "How to Keep Canary Birds Healthy aud
in Good Kong." . . ■
Price 25c a Package. I
.. 1138 Market street, San Franclino. /
320 South Spihi C Htrept, Log Angeles. '
Tenth and Broadway, Oakland.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL, '
K EA 3P3 AND WASHINGTON 9T&-RB-
modeled anil renovated. KING, WAKD
European plan. Kooms 50c to .»1 60 per d*» *i
to «8 per weefc, $» u> »S0 per moucfl- tra«b*i&j-
hoc aad coKT water every room: ; tiM^r»3iT«
•Terjr ro«iu; slovatot lujy Wltti«a«.SJXDAY FtBKL'AKY 7. 1h97
CITY NEWS IN BRIEF.
Alexander McAdie forecasts cloudy weather
for to-day, wit.li Iresh westerly winds.
The Electrical Workers' Lc c&l Union No, 6
' gave ii successful ball at Odd Fellows' Hall
last lisght.
.'.A committee bus been formed to tender a
beneiit at tlie Tivoli to Josepa Hlrschback,
• who is very i:i.
The anniversary entertainment to be given
next Thursday by the Native Sons promises to
be a gre.it event.
. The board of directors of the German Old
People's Home Association elected officers yes
terday afternoon.
The tug Vigilant was yesterday put in dry
dock for b general overhauling, fciie will be
in commission again to-morrow.
Ludwiff Schueier and others have sued Car
! oilne Ecniller to quiet title to several valuable
lots on Powell street ia this City.
. Fritz W. Hlnckley, the husoand of Florence
•Blytbe-Hinckley, died yesterday morning in
'Portland, Or., from aDpendicltis.
■.\ Miss Alice Bacon and Giulio Minetti cave
'• their flftli easembie concert in Y. M. C. A.
Auditorium yesterday afternoon.
' • - Burnette G. Haskell was "turned down" at
the. regular ineeiing of the Populist Central
* County Committee r.eld last night.
Cogswell College was defeated by the Pacific
Heights football team at CentraJ I'ark yester
day afternoon, the score being 0 to 0.
Mrs. Rose French gave a matinee musioale
' yesterday afternoon in honor of Mlssde\ell
• _ ing. State organizer of the IV. C. T. U.
' The winners a: fngleside yesterday were:
= Bnowdown, Foremost, Geyser. Babe Murphy,
Damien, Keddiustun and Sir William. .
. The employes of tne different street rail
•roaiJs have signed a petition to the Legislature
• praying .-igaii.si any reduction of fares.
j According to a dispatch from Portland, Or.,
' 3iu er shipped from that city as lloauwaiu
A*he in the iiritisn ship Scottish Glens.
The Czarina completed her first round trip
i with the Whitman wheel yesterday. In spite
"of unfavorable weather she did very well.
John Ree, a lßborer, wss knocked down by a
'•■■ cab.e-car at McAllister and Fillmore streets
yesterday morning and was seriously injured.
Visitors to murderer Butler at the City
Prison were few jesterday, as no one was ad
mitted without permits from police headquar
; * tsrs.
FranK L. laylor has been declared in con
tempt of court for taking his daughter L«ois
outside the State, contrary tu Judge Hebbard's
- order.
The young men of the Brotherhood of St.
Andruw have prepared a directory - card of
Episcopal churches for distribution ai the
hotels.
Don M. Dickinson, ex-Postmaster-General
•find chief counsel for the United States in tlie
. Sea) Commission, is expected to arrive here
to-day.
■. . -Geo'ree E. Crater yesterday entered into a
. . five-year '.ease ol the new Bush-Street Theater.
He promises to fit it out with a good stock
company.
Calvin F. Somers has sued for $14,001 95
now on deposit in a savings bank iii this CUy,
in vhuh George Heazeltun and others claim
an interest.
" ' In a suit filed yesterday, James Eva and H. '
J. Burling «r>' accused o; canspiracy to de-
Iraui ih- Alaska Improvement Company out
.. of $1,64,000.
Justice King, British Sealing Commissioner,
Ftated in an interview last evening that the
claims pr-'-ented to the commission amounted
to £500,000.
• Qenrv Powers was precipitated into the
I .waters by a falline staging while calking the
'. ' sides of the Colusa. lie had a narrow escape
c. .irom drowning.
. ' It is thought likely that Trinity Presby
'. terian Church will isxue a call to Rev. Mr.
• "Larcrny of the Second Prtsbyterian Church of
'.-. Eas: Ljs Angeles.
•' Bay pira'es are troubling Sausalito. They
. • broke into Nichols* oyster grotto on Friday
night and stole a valuable parrot, sundry
.liquors and cigars. .'.-•;*"
.i I Thomas Corbett has entered a contest for
the si 0,000 es:ate of hi? late wife, Ellen Cor
. 'bett. Harriet -Corbett claims the property
• t-ider a deed of gilt.
■ The cantata of "Ruth and Naomi," to be
eiveo by the Sabbath-school of the Gearv
i-treet Temple on March 21, promises to be a
[ very successful affair.
. •" Judges Campbell and Low had a wordy war
• in ti.e corridor of the City Hall yesterday,
which was followed by an exciting 'episode in
,'• Judge Joachimsen's court.
The preliminary examination of Wing Sing
.-and Chin Poy, charged with the murder of
: Littie Pete, was commenced before Judge
Joachimsen yesterday morning.
A horse belonging to Dunsmuir & Co. be
came fractious yesterday and backed off a
_ wharf, carrying a cart with it. The horse
o" which was a valuable animal, was diowned. '
', " British residents met yesterday and ar.
tanged to celebrate Queen Victoria's diamond
anniversary. A funu be raised to estab
lish a maternity- ward or a hospital for women.
. The Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to
. "Children warned Mrs. Mary Shepard yester
day against permitting her twelve-year-old
daughter Rosie to sell flowers in saloons and
0 . dives.
At a rnaFs-meeting under the auspices of the
Merchants' and Producers* Association resolu
°- tions were' passed condemning the practice of
o allowing pr.son productions to compete with
Jree labor.
, ' The Union Leaeue Club has passed resolu
tions in favor or a primary law. denouncing
the recent "temporary roll" scandal at Sacra
mento and ask, UK for the removal of Chief
Clerk Duck worih. "
A mass-meeting was held at Metropolitan
Temple last evening to protest against the en
croachment oi the prison product of the Fol
som quarry upon the freestone industry of
-• • the htate. Appropriate resolutions were
passed. ■
The special meeting of the Associated Im
provement Clubs held last night in B'nai
B'ritn Hall resulted in no business, and a long
.parley over ihe proposed Assembly bill for
street crading proved ineffective for want oi a
.quorum.
Grand opera will be presented here in March
by -a very large Parisian company, now in
N.ew Orleans. Twenty performances will be
: given and seats will be $1, $2 and $3. Wealthy
• -citizens are behind the project -with a
guarantee of $40,000.
Secretary Kane of the Society for the Pre
." ventlon of Vice, after having the matter
.• . brought to bis attention, has notified the Sac
l rameiito authorities of the case of a young
m zirl living on Jersey IsUnd, near Antioch,
J ■ and neediug proper guardianship. • '.-• '
■ A public meeting will be held at Pythian
Hall this afternoon at '1 o'clock uuder the ru
. spicea of the local- branch of the Labor Ex
- change. An explanation of the methods of
the exchange will be made, showing how all
. out oi work may be iprontably employed.
The Academic Athletic League, now in
creased to fifteen of the largest schools of the
-. . State, purposes to enter a team of its best ath
• letes in the annual championship games, and
• hopes to send the team East. Field days ai.d
baseball games iiave been arranged lor the
next two months.
J. Garter, an employe in the Modern Laun
dry, 385 Eighth street, was working on a
wrlnging-macliine ycEti-rlay morning, when a
.. towel got caught in the roller. He thrust his
•right arm it: to pull the towel off, and his
. arm got caught and was badly crushed He
.threw his weight against the pulley and sue
' ceeded in stopping tne machine. He was
. taken to the Receiving Hospital and Dr. Weil
amputated the arm.
ISTEW TO-DAT. - V v H
Money back if
you don't like
.Schilling s Best
%, Tea and money
■ ■ • -
. at your grocers.
. ' A Schilling &Co San Francisco
■ :■:■■:'■ ' «W- •!-'•■- ■■■■ 'jw j
■
WHERE IS THE
SCHOONER VINE?
The Trader Was Expected
Back Here Last De
cembar.
Her Chronometer Got Out oi
Order and a New One Was
Procured at Corinto.
H'S Net Been Heard of Sines Liav
i g the Central American
Port.
Where is the schooner Vine? That is
the question that is being debated by the
members of the J. F. Cunningham Com
pany and also by the Irienda and rela
tives of Captain Luttrell. She is a slow
sailer, but, giving her all dv« allowances,
the vessel should have reached the Caro
line group eariy in November, but on
December 10, when J. V. Hollander left
Kusai for Hongiong, there had been no
news from the Vine. Tne general suppo
sition is that she ha 3 been becalmed in
the southern seas, ami that in a few days
Captain Luttrell Will be heard from.
The schooner Vine sailed from San
Francisco on June 12 last. At the time 01
her charter there wns some car^o engaged
for Central America, and, as it had to bj
I'arnea, the vessel stopped at Guaymas.
At that lime Captain Luttreil cabled tiiat
vis chronometer was useless, the main
spring having broken, and asked that iho
Pacitic Mail Steamship Company be in
structed to either loan or sell him one.
Tba a^ent of the Vine saw Mr. Schwenn, !
and that gentieman declined to lend any
assistance. Tne reasons he gave could not
be gainsaid, and Mr. Cunningham had
to retire without any prospect of securing
a chronometer.
In his explanation Mr. Schwerin said :
"Each of the Pacific Mail Company's
boats carries two chronometers. Should
one get out of order there is always the j
second* to fall back upon. If we loaned j
one to the V»ue and the other one doling j
the run up the coast got out of or-ier ■
where woum the company be in the eveut
of an accident and the subsequent law
suits? 1 '
Seeing that nothing could be done, and
that every day'sue.ay meant alossot hun
dreds or dollar*, Aaent Cunningham
cabled to Captain Ltutceil to use his own
judgment and do the be.<t he cuulJ in the
circumsiauces. The iaiter used his watch
as a chronometer and reacue 1 Connto,
where he was able to purchase the desired
timepiece. After leaving Corinto the
Vine has never been spoken, and the cap
tain's friends assert tnat tue instrument
! bought in Corinto was useless, and that
| the schooner may be huudr-ds of miles out
! of her course.
The Cunningham Company fully ex
rected to receive favorable news by the
City of Peking, but their hope-i were
dashed to the ground when J. V. Mel
lander, the islanu trader, informed them
that up to December 10 last there had been
nothing heara of the Vine. Nevertheless
the owners have every confidence in the
safely of the vessel and expeci tier back at
any time. Th-y re.isou that calms and
Jigrut winds have uievaileU and that ihe
chronometer purchased by Captain Lut;
reil may not have been correct. In that
event he would not only have gone out of
his c jurae, but would have b;e:i unable
to make time. The relatives and friends
of the men on the sciiooner are neverthe
less anxious over her non-appearance.
Henry Powers had a narrow e?cape on
ihe water front yesterday. He and an as
sistant were on a staging calking the
sides of the bark Coiusa. One of the men
made a move and the staging gave way
throwing Powers into tue water. He
could not swim and was going down for
the third time when C. C Pratt, collector
for the Harbor Commissioners, seized a
life buoy and almost threw it over the
drowning man's head.
Powers seized it and held on until Pratt
with a long pick pole managed to get him
alongside (he wharf, aiier which lie was
hauled up on the wharf. The Colusa sails
lor Puget Sound to load lumber for Syd
ney, N. S. W-i to-morrow, bat Powers
says he will sue the captain for damages
before the vessel gets away. According to
him the staging on which he was working
was insecure and the rope thai held it de
fective.
The tug Vigilant was put on the dry
dock y-3terday for a general overhauling.
She will be in commission r.gain to-mor
row and then Captain John bilovich says
he will be ready to give any boat in the
bay a brush.
The Czarina completed her first round
trip with the Whiiram *heel yesterday.
Unusually heavy weather was experienced,
but nevertheless the steamer did well. Oa
the run down the coast she overhauled the
steam-schooner Alliance, but the wind
shifted around and the latter setting all
>aii was able to draw away again. Should
fine weather prevail during the next voy
age the new wheel will be given a thor
ough test.
The old pilot-house of the revenue cut
ter Perry, that was recently overhauled,
now adorns the deck of the tramp steamer
Progreso. It is a decided improvement,
and the helmsmen of the tramp are more
than glad that Providence Bent the house
their way.
The steam schooner Cleon« got in from
San Peiro in ballast yesterday, and left a
few hours later for Crescent City to load
lumber for San Francisco. The Cleone is
a regular trader to this port, but when a
load of pies and lumber were required at
San Pedro her owners sent her there direct
from Crescent City.
The steam schooner Pasadena was
caucht in the northwester yesterday and
had to seek shelter in Drak-s Bay. Later
on the wind died out a little and she pro
ceeded on her way.
Dunsmuir & Co. are minus a valuable
horse. Yesterday the animal became
fractious and backed the cart to which it
was attached oft the whari. The animal
and cart sank to the bottom, and later the
wrecker Whitelaw hauled everything to
the surface again. The horse was un
hitched and towed out into the stream
and cast adrift. The wagon and harness
were taken to the stabl-g.
KeHd This.
We are extremely sorry that the old
landmark, the Diamond Palace, 221 Mont
gomery street, will soon be a thing of the
pa3t. The colonel is closing out as rapidly
us poss.blc, and those who want goods in
his ; line w.H do weli to examine his niai>
nincent stock oi diamonds, jewelry etc
before purchasing elsewhere. By so do
ing you will save at l*nst 30 or 40 per cent.
Diamond Paiace, 2-1 Montgomery street.*
Fixing of tho AViiter Kates.
At »he meeting of the Board o: Supervisors
to-mc-rrcw Hfiernoon the Committee on Water
and Water Suppiiea will submit h report of
the prelim. nary steps taki-n concerning the
rensonabiem.£s of water rate*. Tne board win
consider uhen to meet as t committee of the
whole for the consideration of and the fixing
of rates for the eiiKUing term.
A Prelrnder'a Game.
A man pretending to be Robert D. Wallace,
third chiefUiin of the Snn Francisco Cale
donian Club, has oDtained money at Fittston,
Pa., and elsewnere. He is denounced by tho
Caledonian Club here us an impostor.
— • — ♦ •
New Myle black and neYy dresses at
City of Paris. • j
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY T, 1897.
The Missing Trading Schooner Vine as She Appzared in a Calm
Off One of the South Sea Islands. She Sailed From San
Francisco on June JO Last and Has Not Been Heard From
Since She Left Corinto, Central America, Many MontKs Ago.
THE MURDER
OF LITTLE PETE
Preliminary Examination
of Wing Sing and
Chin Poy.
The Evidence Shows That the
Former Was Seen Walking
Hurriedly Away.
So Far Nothing Has Been Adduced to
Incrimin r.e Chin Poy in
tlie Murder.
The preliminary examination of Wing
Sing and Chin Poy, charged with the mur
der of Little Pete on Saturday night, Jau
uary 23, w .b begun before Juace Joachim
sen yesterday morning. Attorney Robert
Ferral appeared for the prosecution and
Attorney J. M. Smith for the defense.
The evidence did not show that either
of the defendants] was in the barbershop,
817 Washington street, when the shots
were iired, but Wing Sing was positively
identified ua seen walking hurriedly from
the shop in the direction of Waverly place.
Wong Cb&ong, one of the barbers in the
shop, was the first witness called. He
testified he had been dressing a customer's
queue and bad gone into the rear room to
empty the water from a basin when he
heard the shooting. He did not see the
man who fired the shots. There were
three barbers and two customers in the
shop ai the time. L:ttle Pete ha:l been
there for ten or twenty minutes. He did
not see any man loitering outside the
sh -vji-t nrlor to the shooting.
Dr. Morgan, the autopsy physician at
the Morgue, described the course of the
two bullets through the brain and the one
through the heart, and that any one of
the three was fatal.
Wong Chick Cheonp. another barber,
who was shaving 1/itlle Pete, testified
thai he had just finished washing his
queue and wa*- in the«rear room emptying
the basin, when he heard three or four
shots. By the time he got bactc to the
shop nobody was in sight.
D. B. Hutchins, col ector for a pewing
machine company, living at 326 O'Farrell
street, testified that on the night in ques
ENSIGN "W. J. LEWIS, Mercy-Box Secretary of the Pacific Coast
Division, Salvation Army*
tion he wa* staniiins on the northwest
corner of Washington street and Waverly
place. He board a shot and walked
diagonally across Washington street to
the center of the car track. He saw a
Chinese ii; front of the duor of the barber
shop, who hurried down the street. He
was uione at first, but was immediately
followed by another Chinese. He did not
see any one come out of the door of
the shop. He identified Wing Sing as the
Chinese he first -aw walking hurriedly
from the shop. There were no Chinese
between the oarl>er-shop and the point
where he was t<tandine. Wing Sing was
not running, but walking hurri<»dlv. He
could not positively identify Chin Poy as
tiie other Chinese."
On cross-examination he said he located
the place from the sounds of 'he shots.
He got a fair side view of Wing Sing's
face. He could not say that Chin Poy
was the second man, as he looked to see if
he had a gun in his hand, and conse
quently did not see his face.
Jurnts Bribes, a colored Pullman porter,
testified that he came out of Ross al.ey,
which lx immediately fronting the barber
shop, when he saw the flash and heard th •
first shot in ihe burDe r-shop. He got out
as far as the car track and heard the other
two shots. He saw two men standingout
side and some Chinese coming out or the
place. He <iid not know whether or not
the door was open. One Chinese who
came out walked fast down the hill and
two or throe others followed him.
Wiot Sing Was piaced alongside six
other Chinese, and Briggs at once identi
fied him.
In cross-examinAtion he said he did not
see any one coming out of the shop.
"If tive men were in the shop," said
Attorney Smith, "how could you fail to
see Wing Sing come out?"
''1 may be mistaken about Wing Sing,"
replied Briggs, "but I don't think so."
The case was continued until next
Thursday.
OOOiED DOWN BY A CAR.
John Kirn-, a Laborer, Seriously Injured
on McAllister street.
John Ree, a laborer, 45 years ol age, was
knocked down by a McAllister-street car
at Fillmore street yesterday morning and
seriously injured.
Ree was crossing the street in front of
the car and thought be could cieirtue
track in time, but he made a mistake.
He was dragged aloncj for a few feet be
fore the car was stopped.
Ree was taken to the Receiving Hospi
tal, where it was found that two of his
ribs were frnctured, there was a lacerated
wound oil h»s chin, an abrasion on his
cheek and his back and legs were con
tused. He was also suffering from the
shocK to his system.
Suit Following a Collision.
Emil Alber and Charles Wacitler, of the firm
of Alber & Wackier, have sued the Maricet
street Railway Company in the Justices'
Court to recover $299 for damages resulting
irom a cl ision of an electric car on Ellis
street with a delivery wagon owned by the
firm, the collision being alleged to have oc
curred last October.
NOBLE MISSION OF
MAJOR WINCHELL
He Will Improve the Home
for Ex- Prisoners
Here.
The Ladies' Modality of St. Ig
natius Church Is Rapidly
Increasing.
Daan Pck Will Pr-.ach Tc-Day at
Gri.cj Episc pal Church on
Hcw^rd Stre.-t
Major and Mrs. Winchell, superintend
ents for the Salvation Army social work
on the coast, have been active since their
arrival two weeks ago. They have spent
their time investigating the various social
institutions in and around San Francisco
and are much pleased with the progress
that has been made in tits past.
Tnev propose to put these institutions
upon improved line?, which will facilitate
greater re?ults among the epecific classes
of unfortunate people for which they have
been founded Also to open new depart
ments which will help to carry the bur
dons of the poor.
Major Winchtll, in company with Lieu
tenant-Colonel Keppel, spent iast Sunday
at Golden Gate farm for discharged
prisoneis in ban Ramon Valley. He finds
the men happy and willing to work, the
remuneration they receive being the
kindness of the army officers. The men
toil from 5:30 A. M. until dark. The result
is that in the iast five weeks they have
plowed 125 acres and put about half of it
to seed. Seven men are on the farm at
the present time, and several applicants
to come are being considered and will
probably ne received this week.
Major W.inchell is very anxions to add
to the cheerfulness of the bom - by put
ting in home furniture and papering the
wall*. A driving-cart, sewing-machine
and a cow are very much needed for this
instiiution.
The army hopes to be able to test the
characters of hundreds of this mosi un
fortunate class of men and recommend
them to -positions. Major Wi:ict:ell also
is anxious to persuade Judges to send
first offenders to tne home and save them
from the stigma of the felons.
Extensive arrangements are being made
for the formal opening of a social insti
tute for the benefit of poor men, and
a general headquarters to reach out
and help toe quite po. rof the City. The
plans are not fuliy matured as yet, but a
labor bureau and woodyard are among
the proposed departments of this insti
tute, and a general toning up of tne phy
sical, moral, social and spiritual condition
of those who seek refupe in this place
may be espected. When completed it
will accommodate about 400 men.
The firsi floor will be ;:ivon to the poor
est ana most helpless, and they will be
encouraged to seek the superior benelits
of the home. The major is hopeful of
building in the characters of thousands
of men and helping them to employment
through his tn?titu;e.
Several hundred dollars are yet needed
to secure the proper equipments before
the opening on Washington's birthday.
Several prominent business men will
,«peak at the opening of the institute at
10:30 a. M . February 22, and a remarkable
social exposition with many interesting
innovations and side lights will be held
at the Metropolitan Temple in the even-
ing.
A very interesting means of raising money
for the support of these charitable institu
tions which are not self-supporting is
called the mercy box.
These boxes are to be given out free and
placed on one's tabie, so that while the
people bow their heads in gratitude fur
their food they may also put a penny in
for food and shelter for a starving brot' er
or sister; or with that class who are not
religious enough to say grace they can act
grace by dropping in their smallest coin.
Fifty thousand of these boxes nave been
placed among all classes of people in the
United Stated during the last six months.
Tne army expects to put in 50,000 more
during the coining year.
Ensign Lewis übs charge of the mercy box
department in tbla State and his head
quarters are at 1139 Market street.
Commander Booth-Tucker of New York
will visit the Pacific Coast during March,
being in San Francisco from the 19th to
the 23<i inclusive.
Tlie lust Sunday in this month the Y.
P. S. 0. E. of the First.Baptiat Cburcli will
hoid a special service in aid of the '97
fund. There will be special music. C. F.
Balser, the secretary of tlie '97 conven
tion, will speak; also Purcell Howe, pres
ident of the Li oi<i n Gate branch. It prom
ises tobe most interesting.
Dr. Hammond, manager o! the Metho
dist Book Concern, and Dr. Mathew, edi
tor of the Christian Advocate, have gone
to New York to attend tne annual meet
ing of the various committees of toe Book
Concern.
Monday evening the Boys' Brigade of
Grace Methodist Church will have a free
entertainment and an illustrated lecture.
The young men of the Bro'herr.ood of
"it. Andrew have issued a directory card
of the Episcopal clmrchesand institutions
of this City, together with the names and
addresses of the nctors. They will re
placed in all the hotels so that visiting
strangers may know where to rind each
church.
The Ladies' United Hebrew Benevolent
Society has postp ned its annual meeting
until Wednesday afternoon, February 10,
at 2:30, at the Shemh Israel Synagogue,
corner Post and Taylor streets.
The ladies of Simpson Memorial M. E.
Church expect to have a very happy time
in the parlors of this church, at Hayes'and
Buchanan stre^te, on Mouday eveinng,
tebruary 2*2. From sto 8 o'clock a Mar
tha Wa-hincton chicken dinner will be
served, and the ladies will also make this
a social time in wnich to meet ami intro
|:e their friends and neighbors. The fes
al will be followed by an entertainment,
ishingtonian, from 8 to 9:30 o'clock,
it Calvary Presbyt rian Cnurch the bi
■ nthly communion will bo held io-day.
Wednesday evening a spec ; al meeting
Lhe Lames' Missionary Society will be
id. After the meeting there w:JI be a
al hour,
"he San Francisco Presbytery will hold
pecial meeting next Tuesday morning
Calvary Church.
This morning at the 10:30 nmss, Rev.
Father Hickey, S. J., will deliver a sermon
on the "Necessity ot Religion." In the
evening alter vespers Rev. William Culli
gan, S. J., will preach the sermon.
The Lidie*' Sod ility, connected with St.
Ignatius' Church, is rapidly becoming tne
largest organization of its kind in San
Francisco, owing to the energetic work of
its newdirecior, Rev. B. Calzia, S. J.
It is prooal>ie tnat Trinity Presbyterian
Church, which i;as been without a pastor
«incp Rev. J. Gumming Smith resigned
to Uke charge of the Presbyterian Taber
nacle at Indianapolis, will issue a call :o
R»v. Mr. Lareny of the Second Presby
terian Church, East Los Angeles. He will
occupy the puipit on February 14. There
have been many supply pastors in the
pulpit since Mr. Smith's departure, bu
none has seemed to satisfy the church
The cnnlat* of ''Ruth and Naomi" by
the Sahhath-school of the Geary-str«et
Temple promises to be vurpassingly
beautiful. Il will be given with fall or
chestra and magnificent stage effects at
_ _^ : ■ ' KEW 10-DAT. ;
S "I suffered with bronchitis for J, ,T!*l.l f L .TL" — M 2
\ z:zt:r"- My physicia ° TicHisn In ngSi $
A prescribed for me without produ- ► ' O %
A cinq favorable results, and finally ►-•-■• ■ '^^^ '•• g
A advised me to try Ayer's Cherry f Coughs are ticklish J
A Pectoral. I have taken six Lot- > things. Nowhere does the ?
A tie* of this medicine, and am now * extravagant Saying: Vl'-§"
T ywTTf . ■.. T y T ,, TrTtyi ,J was tickled to death," o
• come. nearer being true, than in the case of a severe f
5 cough. Do you know the feeling? The tickling in the J
S throat, that you writhe under and fight against, until §
O at last you break out in a paroxysm of coughing? %
O "Why not cure the cough and enjoy unbroken rest? •
,". J You can do so by using «
I Ayer's Cherry Pectoral. |
0 # This testimonial will be' found in full in Ayer's "Curebook" with a %
A hundred others. Free. Address J. C. Aycr Co., Lowel^ Mass. A
the California Theater, Sunday, March
21, and will more than repay attendance.
Rev. J. R.ibinowuz, Mrs. D. Myerson and
Mrs. Louis Morgenstern are indefatigable
in their work of preparation. The music
is classical and the solos and chorus above
the ordinary.
Daan Peck Arrives.
Dean Peck, field superintendent of the
Chris-tian Alliance, arrived In Oakland
from the southern portion of the State
last evening. He was met at the Six
teenth-street station by George S. Mont
gomery, the "millionaire Salvationist,"
and accompanied him to his home at
Beulan. He will preach in this City, but
where has not as yet been definitely de
cided.
Up to a short time ago Rev. Mr. Peck
was dean of the Methodist University of
Denver, Colo., and superintendent of the
Wayside mission in that city. He re
signed those positions, however, and has
for runny niomhs been traveling over the
United Slates visiting the various branches
of the Christian Alliance.
i During the last month he has been at-
I tending to the affairs of the branches in
j the bouihern portion of this State. A lew
1 days ago he decided to visit O-ikland and
this City. !- " V
Dr. Dille has offered the divine the use
of his church for this morning, and
I is anxious to have him deliver a sermon
lin his pastorate. If this invitation be not
; accepted he will probably . preach in
Grace Methodist Episcopal Church at 11
o'clock in the morning.
It has been definitely decided that
he will preach in Dr. Case's church in the
evening. Rev. Mr. Peck will .remain in
the City three days. Monday and Tues
day, at 2:30 p. m and 7:30 M., he will
; Itciura in the First Baptist Church, 320
i Eddy street. Wednesday he will go to
ban Jose, and after visiting a branch of
I the Christian Alliance there will deliver a
1 sermon in one of the prominent Metho
dist churches of that city.
Dean Peck ioys the reputation of being
an earnest and forcible speaker, as well as
a tireless worker in the Interest of the
charitable and missionary organization
he represents, and undoubtedly laree con
gregations will be benefited by the ser
mons he will deliver prior to his departura
j to the East. i>,y& v; :- :
_♦ — •
Work ou City Street*.
Albert E. Castle, M. M. Regensburger and
Gaston Strauss have petitioned the Super
visors to suspend operations under the reso
lution ordering the grading of Broderick
street, from Green to Union. John Kelso has
petitioned the Supervisors to permit him. to
proceed with tiie trading of Thirteenth ave
nue south, between L and M streets.
Charles J. McGuinness ana others have pe
titioned for the paving of Lobos street, De
tween Plymouth and Capital. J. R. Blanchard
lias nskei for the paving and mAcadai-tizing
of Karalion street, between Capital and
Plymouth.
NEW TO-DAT.
STAR OF HOPE FOR THE AFFLICTED
(HnrsTrnnnrßTroTnroTr^nr^
S °
jo " Dr. Ccok isthe hope of the hopeless; their star in the 3
C night of despair; a star that has already led untold '3
|o thousands from the quagmires of disease and suffering *■
C up into the green fields of health and happiness.. 3
Are iYou- weak? >V::\ 'r Are Yon feeling despondent gloomy?
Are Yon troubled with emissions by Are You afraid of losing your memory?
nieht or losses by day? • Are You unfit for business or pleasure?
Are You annoyed with Pimples or Are You subject to acbingbacK or weak
Blackheads? . . *\ 2 kidneys? " '
Are You bashful or averse to society? Are You impotent "or feeble in sexual
Are You losing your enerey, ambition |.. i ...power?
or self-confidence? •■ Are You about to get married, feeling
Are You tired, stupid or discontented? unfit for matrimony? • ■
IF YOU ARE ';
Thus afflicted you will find Doctor Cook your best friend. He can'restore to you what
you have lost— YOUR PRECIOUS MANHOOD. He can tit you for study, business,
pleasure and marriage and send you oiu'irito the world with life anew.
1 Doctor Cook -not. only removes every .symptom, of Physical, Mental or Sexual
Weakness from men of all ages, but he al*o cures Gonorrhoea, Gleet, Stricture, Vari-
cbcele/HydroceTe. Piles, Fistula, Rupture, Chronic Catarrh, Blood arid Skin Diseasesi
an I Fuuctional Diseases of the Heart, Lun«s, Liver, Stomach, Kidneys, Bladder and
Urinary Organ?. Female complaints a specialty. . . . 4
The worst cases solicited — cases upon which other physicians have experimented
! and failed. Quick and lasting'cures guaranteed. ... - . • *^^S^
■ If you cannot call upon the Doctor sit down and write him immediately and
bpjcire your case becomes incurable. His system of home treatment by mail is perfect.
Auc an. vuluab.e book devoted to diseases of men sent free to ttio c de:-cribing
tneir trouble?. Office hours to A. M., 2to and 7toBP. M. Sundays 10 to 12
A. M. only. Address . ..;
. nnpTOR pooic 865 Market" Street, '■■'
nriP TJIk -B ■ 'li-l -San Faucisco, Can
LJSL/KJ LKJr\ KJ\J\JK\3 Opposite Baldwin Hot*}.
URGES ACTION ON
THE LEGISLATURE
The Union League Club
Passes Two Strong
Resolutions.
la Favor of a Primary Law and
Requesting the Removal of
Duckworth.
The Union League Club, at a general
meeting held on Wednesday evening,
February 3, by a unanimous vote passed
the following resolutions:
Whereas, It is well known that the pri
mary elections heretofore h*-ld in this City
have been, generally, fraudulently conducted,
and ii<at great dissatisfaction exists regarding
ths same, so much so that many of the best
citizens of ail parties have reiuVed to partici
pate la the said so-called primaries; and
whereas, we believe that in order to have
good government and honest officials we must
have honebt and iairiv conducted primaries,
in which all our citizens c:jn with propriety
participate; there. ure be it
Resolved, That the Legislature now In ses
sion Le and it is earueswy requested to pass
a primary-election law requiring nil political
parties holding a primary ejection to nold all
Mich primaries on the same day. and that all
the saieguards, penalties and provisions gov«
erning eenerul eieclions shall apply thereto.
Whereas, In the opinion oi tnis club. S. J.
Duckworth, chief clerk of the present Assem
bly ot this State, betrayed the confidence re
posed in him by tne Republican members oi
said Assembly, by appointing a larger number
oi employes thnn was necessary for the pur
pose of organization, thereby wantonly wast
ing the people's money and bringing discredit
on the good name of the Republican party;
therefore, be It
Resolved, That the said S. J. Duckworth
should be removed and that the Legislature
now in session ought to pass such laws as will
in future prevent the placing ou the tem
porary roll any greater number of persons
than is actually necessary to properly conduce
the business ot the Assembly.
Resolved, That copies of these resolutions be
forwarded to the President pro tern, of tie
Senate, the Speaker of the Assembly, the Re
publican State Central Committee and th«
press. Kobekt A. Friedrich, President.
J. M. Litchfield, Secretary.
The theaters in Melbourne are almost
all equipped witu billiard-rooms.
78
DAMIEN ENJOYED
HIS VACATION
Came Out and Took the
Hobart Sake in a
Big Gallop.
Salvation, a Hot Tip, Finished
Second, in Front of
Schiller.
Collins Finished Last and His R cc
R mains a Mystery— R -ddingtoa
Hard Pressed by J 0 C.
"With magnificent weather and a card
that would bear comparison with a sum
mer-day programme on one of the big
Eastern tracks, there is little wonderment
that avast assemblage paid respects to
the closir.j: day of the two weeks' meeting
at Ingleside yesterday. Tiie lirst fo - ,ir
events run off simply whetted the appe
tite of the crowd for the grand lot that
lined tip in the Hobart stake, a handicap
over one and a sixteenth miles, with a
gross vaiue of $15.X). Eight horses an-
Bwe red the bu^le call, and they were the
pink of the lot now in training here. At
h'r--; glance use weights looked splendidly
adj'.-.stfd. Sail Hildreth's pair. Lucky
Djg and St. Lee, coupled in the betting,
had the call, the books holding them at
2 tol.
The stable was later obtainable at the
enriching price of 7to 2. Pat Dunne, the
astute Western horseman bad two entered
also, Damien and Captive. Some time ago
the ii r st named horse cot to racing badly
end Mr. Dunne stated that be would turn
him out at pasturage. Satisfied that
Damien was eatins rich sreea alfalfa on
some honest countryman's ranch the
handicapper placed 100 pounds acainst
the animal's name. Noticing (.tie weight.
Mr. Dunne Jiad D-imien ha-tiiy placed
aboard a handcar, iro.ted him around the
track once or twice, told him to be coed;
the hor?e nodded assent and Mr. Dunne,
in a joking mood, just scratched Captive.
Tod Sloan had the leg up and strange to
relate Damien went to the post a 13 to 5
choice.
Willie Sims had tbe monnt on Argen
tina, but it seemed to cause no commo
tion, for the mare receded ia the betting.
A paddock whi-per on Salvation caused
the odds against Marcus D ly's horse to
tumble from 15 down to 7. Barn y
Schreiber' * Schiller opened at fours and
remained at thf-se od<i<.
At tne post Mr. Harvey, after a slight
delriy, sent the bunch away to a beautnul
start. Lucky Do^ dipped away out in
front and the crowd said, "It's all over."
It vras a vain prediction tor Damien over
took the Dog before the bond for the wire
was reached, and then it was all over.
Pat Dunne's horse won with pounds to
spare irom Salvation, who ran an excel
lent race under Cash Sloan's persuasive
uri;inp. Schilier responded earaeh* in tue
stretch ana beat St. Lee out for the show.
Ti.e va'ue of the stake to the winner was
$1150. Considering tne condition of the
tracic, which was slow, the time — 1:51^' —
was fast.
Of liie first choices sent to tho post three
were successful — Geyser, Damien and Iled
dington. H. Mariin ana T. Sloan were
eacn successful in landing a winner.
Dan Honig's Brametta carried the bulk
of the coin to win die openinsj sii-furionp
dash, but Snowdown, tiie 3 to 1 second
choice, took the lead soon after tne start
THE "CALL" RACING GUIDE.
PACIFIC COAST JOCKF.Y CLUB. Ingleslde Racetrack. Saturday, February 6. Fifty
■ lirst day ot the Winter Meeting. 1896-97. Weather fine. Track *iow.
C f\X. ITfr.sT RACE— six furlongs; selling; three-year-olds and up; purse *350.
Index. Horse, age, weight.
idex. Horse, age, weight. St. 1. % s 4
445 sno«do4vn. 4 00 4: lh 11%
488 Krameita, 4 . . 94 5 5h 5h
487 Franco, 4 107 9 72- Hi
421 Monitor. 4 88 1 22 2 1
481 Miss Ban, 4 94 6 3% t 3 h
481 Pecksniff. 5 106 3 6% 4h
494 Cogent. 3 87 2 1 ! 8h 7h
479 Jac- Hardy Jr.,4. Sri 7| 10 10
479 .op Far. 4 96 8 4 h 8 2
210 Harry Lewis, a... 99 i 10 9 3 i 9h
Bettln..
Str. Fin. Jockey. Op. CL
12 IS Martin. ~3 a
31% 2 S%lt. anatiur 2 2
4h B_%McHugh 15 411
2 1 4% E. Jones 3 5
6 1 5 h Frawley 15 15
5 1 6h Marti . Berge .7 12
7 3 7 4 Reidy 10 > 6
9 I%' B_% Spencer .. 40 60
10 | 93 Barringer 20 3 J
8 2 [10 Golden.: 60 100
Good start. Won easily. Second and third driving. Winner, A. G. Blakeley's b. g.. by Fitziames-
Charily Time. 1:18*4. -■■-.■./_.
r At' SECOND HAC
; purse .350.
Index. Horse, ace weleht. St.
473 Foremcst, 5 99 9
493 ISc miter, 4 105 2
495 Mercut.o. 3 94 8
500 Basquil. 4 89 7
504 EtTgemount, 4 96 1 ........ i
445 irvsi.3 82 3: j
602 Banjo. 6 99 4
445 , Nebula, 3. 82 5
493 Carrie U. 4 97 6
!
6 %
9
2 b
1 6 %
; 13
| 3h
i 7h
4h
| 8 2
%
i *
53
7 1
1 h
4 h
9 h
3h
61
84 .
9
*,i
I Beu I
Str. Fin. Jockey. On.
3 3 13 H. Martin I
,41 2 2 Jones 5-2
1% 32 H.Brown 4
j 62 4h Beidy 5
! 63 I 51 Kiley 30
I Sh 1 01 J. Wools 50
! 810 ; 7 2 Spencer 10
7 2 8 6 J. ard 15
I 9 I 9 Karri iger 10
!.
i
Str.
ing.
CI.
5
3
4
5
8
60
15
25
15
4 Good start. Won easily. Winner A. B. Spreckels' b. g., by
Time 1:1 BV4.
5 '7.
mile; three-year-olds; purs*
Ind. j Horse, age. weight. St. | Vi Vi *4
490 . eyser, 3 105 4 1-4 4 4
484 imp. Sain. » .... 105 8 1114 11% 11
484 i Lincoln 11. 3 100 2 lit; 2h 2h
430 JArrezro, 3 110 1 3% 32% 3%
I*l
%
%
%
! Fin. !
| Betting.
Op. cL
Jockey.
2h
' 11
l 3b
_____
lh T. 510 an.....;... 3-5 11-20
23 J one*. ! 5 9-_:
310 H.Martin I 7 11
4 I Doggeit |8 8
Good stir:. or, driving. Winner. E. Corrigan's b. c, by Ben All-Hot Springs. Time. 1 :.s*_
.•7ilQ KOl'K'lH BACE— One mile: selling; purse *40J.
Index.: Horse, as:e, weight. St. Vi % *4 s tr.
438 Pabe Murphy. 6.. 93 5 41 2 % Sl 21
4».*> Dayl.gh.4 St»| 3 6% I 5 1* 58 3 -_ I
504 (Addle Bchanan.slo4 4 3li 4h 4h 41l
(45 -chnlir. 5 103 1 11 12 1% lh
602 Ip.! uilertnLass.6 93 2 1 h j 3Vi 2h 610 '
(466) | tollliis, 5 100 6' 6 ! 6 6 6 |
ln..|
I 1 1
1 2 4
! 31
i 41
6
! 6
Beidy 3
Slaughter 8
Thorpe i 6
Jones 10
H. Brown. 20
I .. Sloan 7-5
Jockey.
I Benin..
I Op, CL
6-2
8
6
12
60
8-6
000 l start. Won driving. Winner, L. Ezell's b. m., by Ellas Lawrence- Princess Glenn. Time
1:4. _._..
509 fIFTH BACE— an-*, a sixteenth miles: Hobart stakes; purse $1500.
Ib« lamien. 4 IUO 2 3% 2 1 2 2 __ 13 12 T },■„.„ •> .«._,
(467) Salvation. 5 106 6br4% 31 32 ,23 llJ_M_ 20 2
490 .-Cbiller.4 ... liO 45h'3 % 4 1 53 3- 34^ -s_a_t«r . ... I 7-2 4
.473 M.Lee. 4 110 84% - 6% 4h 42 49 H Mar in i 7.2
473 Bwt F-vordale, 4 107 6tf V_ B%' 5h . 64 64 515 JoneY . 6 I
: 497 Lucky D 0.,, 6... 110 if 1? 13 *h S% 62 Do'wett* ' *
473 Argentina, 4 107 8 8 6% 8 7 2 7W 7 % t^maYXXYYXX 7 «
501 JMarce.6 90. 7% 7% 7%, 6 ' : 8 1-^ iTnoS^on"-.-.":".^^ 1( 0
_ Goo t start. _. , on easily. Winner, F. Dunne's br. c, by Straihmore-Be_.rJce_ Time, 1:511;
•Coup ed win St. Lee. .**"
Index. Horse, age, weight. St. l Std. Vi | % I *_ ' Str . Fin. Jockey.
167 lamirn. 4^ 100 •_ .1. is I' 2 2 1 2 13 12 T. Sloan .
(457) Salvation. 5 106 621 14 Vi 3 1 32 2 3 2 i. slo»_.
490 .-CDiller.4 li© 4 5h 3 % 41 53 is _ 3 4 -lau._h.er
.473 M.Lee.4 110 34% 8 6% 4h 42 i 4 11 H. Mar
473 S4vt F.vordale, 4107 6tf V_ 6% Mi 64 64 515 Jones
: 497 Lucky Do?, 0... 110 1 13 I ? 13 2h 9% «1 Dogge«
473 Argentina, 4 107 8 8 6% 8 7 2 7W7 L , Sl S '.".*. "V "."".*"
501 j Marcel. 6 90 77% 7 7% V 8 .8^ Thomt-0n.....
Joe key.
I Bailing.
Op. CI.
510 SiXTH B - CE -° De »nd a half miles: hurdle; handicap; purse $400.
!-">*• Horse. age, weigh ) St. Std. \ Vt_ i_ s 4 St- Fin. Jockey. of'"
_§i ?n n » :oa ' *-• "j? i 1 ft \\* 22~ I^~ r*T Cochran X iT~
491 I ° XX" 145 5;? 31 42 '11 22 210 McMnbon 6
493 c.o.d D;is:. a 140 431 4h 6 .^ 4U, 3_ Wiiklns i?
487 OV._ ?B H4.4 las 353 fi" 2 _ 32* 32 48 ''Vmmerfield Jo
,;t.:. -axedo. t, 148 6 6 '2 h .1 h 5 ' 51 510 X "cv 3
491 FIFI. 5 14b 2 14% 6 5 1 6 6 6 St-ntora 6
I Betting.
j Op. CL
-Ing.
CI.
7-5
8
15
7-2
7
55 - > -° d S:art " ° drivln& dinner. E. t-'orrisaa's b. g., by Emperor of Norton- Angelique. Time,
XII SEVENTH
of a mile; two-year-ode. Purse $350.
Index. I Horse, weight. S_ Vi
Ir.dei. Horse, weight.
1.471) Sir William 118 7
; 478 Outlay no 6
478 Kummei 100 ! 5 .
468 rQueen Msb 110 4 ....
471 Duke of York 11.113 9 .:
478 h ora a 107 91.
492 Rosa ,03 8 ....;'.,.
iCherryoounce 113 10
492 0 d J:-CIC 103 11
'■ 478 Si. rhiiip llu 1 ........
492 'Fallen Princes.. .107 12 .. . .
49. jßenlcia 107 13
lion Lais 110 3
'.jTravaiicore llaj 14
Horse, weight.
|s-.l
%
!
%
I Be
Op-
Fin. |
~
::::::::
■XXX
XXX
-1 %
2 1
lh
5
6
4
9
11
10
8
13
12
7
ll
14 ._
1 h
, 2 3
: 3 1
4 h
55
6
7
8
9
'10*
11
11
13
i 14
•Freeman.. 4
Dog. en 8 5
; -laughter 15
T. M.llugh... 5
spencer 10
H.Martin 8
H. Brown. 99
C. Sloan. 33
Barringer 30
Thorpe 7
Reidy 30
snider SO
Glenn ' 80
-, Car berry *,
- 3
8-5
20
8
15
8
. 30
M
100
r 11
100
SO
80
»
: '
' i
:
!
:::::::
.::::::::
1........1
•Coupled t'tiu Be_i^. rtViflS * WU,ner « * roa * *«-»-'• <* *. by Fiwjames-Ysabel. Time, :4fivi
and galloppd in an easy winner from the
favorite. Franco, a6oio 1 shot, was third.
An ordinary lot of platers stampeded
over to the post in the six-furlong spin
that followed, and Foremost, at odds of 5
to 1, found no difficulty whatever in beat
ing out the 13 to 5 favorite, Scimitar, rid
den by Jones.
Ed Corrigan's colt Geyser was the hot
test sort o a favonto for the mile run for
three-year-olds. He was played to a
standstill at odds of 3 to 5 and 1 to 2 and
won by the narrowest of margins. Imp.
Sain was allowed to cut out the pace and
the black colt, failing; to back up in the
stretc;), hunc on with great gameness
and acknowledged defeat by but a nose in
1:45%. Lincoln II was third, in front of
Arrezzo.
The greatest disappointment of the day
hap: ened over the resuU of the mile sell
ing affair for all ages, and in the opinion
of many Collins, the S to 5 favorite, was
nothing more than a beautitu.Uy boiled
"lobster." Still the horse is not sound,
and his mis rable showing may have be n
due lo physical disabilities. He chased
his field for half a mile and then in de
spair Sloan relrainei :rom furt er •'low
ering the bucket when the well had run
dry."
Jscbe Murphy carried the money at odds
of sto 2, and stepped over the line first
less than two lencths in advance of Day
light. Tom Griffin's mare Addie Bu
chanan was third.
With ail the best of the weights the
mile and a half hurdle handicap went to
Reddinjron, the 7 to 5 favorite, piloted by
George Cuchran, wnicti in a hard drive
beat J O C a neck. Show honors went to
Go.d Dust.
Dunne's Outlay was the pick ol the tal
ent to win the three and a half furlong
scram b.e for two-year-oliis. but in a fierce
drive was defeated by Sir William, which
promising youngster secured the decision
by a head.
LINCOLN ANNIVERSARY.
It TTill Bo Klnboratfly Cc lebrateu
>'ext Thursday Evening.
The Grand Army veterans are arrang
ing for an elaborate evening celebration of
the eighty-sixth anniversary of the birth
of Abraham Lincoln, sixteenth President
of the United States.
Tne affair is to come off at Union
square Hall on Thursday evening next,
February 11, under t;»e special auspices of
Lincoln Post, G. A. R. All of tbe posts
and Women's Relief Corps of this City
have accepted invitations to attend.
The programme got up for the occa
sion is a very interesting one, consisting
of sonss by a choir of liltj young ladies
from the San Francisco Normal Scnool
led py Miss Scott, Gee Club airs, read
ings by Professor Ebenezer Knowlton, an
oration by Rev. Dr. E. K. Dale and other
pleasantand appropriate teature.". "Marcti
ing Througii Georgia" is to be sung by
young ladies from tne Normal School and
tfae oovs are muffling up their throats so
as to keep them dear and ia trim for the
chorus.
The eornniiitee of arrangements consists
o. \V. W. Stone, cba rruan; Peter Maas,
post commander of Lincoln Post; George
Kob;nson, assistant adjutant-general of
the department; John 0. L'nms, George
Buriress and John H. tam6eld.
"Lincoln night" nas been celebrated by
Linco;n Post in its pcstrooai for a num
ber of years bacK, but the old soldier
thinks the time has come to create a feel
ing in favor of a more general observance.
Tue name and services of Abraham Lin
coln belong to no one society, tor around
that usefm life cluster events that make it
in every sense a landmark in the history
of the American Republic.
Park Music To-Day.
The Golden Gate Park Band, weather per
mitting, will render the nilowinc programme
to-day at the park, comm.'uciag at '2 p. m. :
Over; are. "Orpheus" Offenbach
Serenade, --Alpenhorn" K. Kronach
>ol? (ar Frenca horD, fc.. Schott-
Selection. "Lucrfra Borgia" Donizetti
Waltz, "W.ne. Women and Som" Mnuis
Popuiar cilo ■, "COater >ongs." a* sun* by
Albert Chevaiier Arranged b>- <iodfrey
"Tannbauser March" tVagner
Trurui.on quartet
Messrs- ncbeiner, Tobin. Bellman and Bertrand
Ballet music from "Les Vepres Siclllennes". .Verdi
J ntermerz j. "Cava'lerla Rustic&na" Miucaifiii
liarche Alilltalre, 'L» Vennolse" Krai
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 7, 1897.
OBJECT TO PENSIONS.
Views of the Citizens' lade
pendent Party on the Schuo : ,
Police and Fire Funds.
A Communication S^nt to Mfmbsrs
of the Legislature CDntaininj;
Various Comments.
Tbe following communication has been
sent out by the Citizens' Independent
Darty to members of the Legislature at
Sacramento:
At a meeting of the county committee of the
Ciiizetis' Independent party ol San Francisco
the following was unanimously adopied and
the secretary ii.structed to forward a copy to
caea Senator and Assemblyman at Sacra
mento, urging that every la'udab'.e effsrt be
made to tecure legislation in accord there
with:
Wukrkas Tbe oaramoimt purpose for which
the i.lzeos' Independent party was organized In
the City and County o! >ai: * rancisco was. is and
wiil be the «ecurlrjg of purity in poiilcs and an
economical administration of the Cl:y govera
mt-i'i: therefore belt
Jirstftvd. Tuat we appeal to our legislators at
Sacramento to secure me passage of a coos:itu
tlonal primary flee 10 i law wh;c i will tend 10
take the nomination of otlicers ou: of the -heel
ers' 'and "ward strikers'" control an place the
power where It properly belongs— iv the han Is of
the hom»st and dislnteresteJ vbi»r. To all lauda
ble effort m»de for tn>* pasiaze of such a law w»
pledge our representative* the earnest and undi
vi'lwl -uppono! ourpany: and be it further
j;.x.,:,-,rt First— Thai precinct recistration has
proven a bind- n of «-xn~nse and fi pro: 10c MJirrOß
of trai:d unaccompanied w.tu beneficial resuus.
We therefore, demand its lramedia c Bbrocalloa.
>econd— That the several bUli propoaloc to in
crease the compen3atlou of J-upeior Juil^es and
the otllc rs and membrrs of the I'uli'p «nd Fire
departments ot S«n Francisco are n direct blow
at the econ>my which we advocate, an : an aid to
unwarrantabe extravairßnce We are uncom-
Dronilsinely opposed to all such leei-tiation
Third— We deoounce as recklesi exiravagauce
SIGMUND BEEL TO GO.
Next Week San Francisco Will Lose One of Her Best-Known
The news is jnst beginning to leak out that Sigmund Beel is going away to Europe.
He may be gone a year, be may be zone iwo or turee; there is no Knowing. Mr. Beel
does not even know himself, but it is quite sore ihat he will not return home till 1898.
When asked about bis ueporture yesterday, the best known of California-born
violinists said: "Yes, I leave i.ere on the loth of this month and cannot say positively
when I shall return. My object it is to see and hear '
"And play," was suggested.
"Yes. I shall play ais >." replied Mr. Beel, smiling. "Lately I have given so many
lessons that I feel I want to get away from it all and go where I can hear new music,
new artists and obtain new ideas. You know the leeling of rustmess that comes from
working continually in one groove."
Su-mußd Beel did not say anything ebout his ambition*, bnt his musical friends
predict that when je once Rets to Europe lie will May a iong time. When he settled
here sii years ago, one of Joachim's favorite pupils, fresh from successes in Germany
and Holland, a great many people said that the young Calitornian was limiting his
talents by settiinK down to local teaching and concert work instead of remaining in
the concert held. Hertid noi listen to them, however, but plunged into local work
with an ardor and a will which have borne t: e.r fruit in the development of San
i rancisco musical "a^te.
On January 17, ISSI, Siground Beel, in conjunction with Mrs. Carmichael-Carr,
pave the hrst of toe Saturday Popular Concerts, which remained a feature of San
*rancisco musical life till last season, when the fiftieth concert of the series was
g.ven, and a reception, tendered by a number of prominent society music-lovers, was
given to the artists after the performance. Long before the juoilee concert Louis
Heine lsad associaied bim-elf with Mr. Beel and Mrs. Carr and the Sizmund Beel
string quartet had been organiz d. This string qnartet did kni-ht's service in intro
ducing new compositions by living composer? to this City. It was tne Carr-Bee!
"pops which largely helpe > to popularize Grieg's chamber music here. Brahms,
Saint-baens, Godard, Arthur Foote an. l many other living composers of chamber
music also had their new chamber music played "for the first time'in San Francisco"
at these concerts.
Many people have asked wbv the Carr-Beel "pops" were abandoned this season,
me reason is that Sigmund Beel was making arrangements to go away, and did no'
care to enter into any extended concert engagement. Music- lovers will regret his
departure, v it will deprive tuis Ciiy of one of its best concert arritta and one who
has always been an enthusiastic worker ia the cause ol symphony and classical
chamber concerts.
M. G. UPTON.
any legislation h which the number of Superior
Judges of sail l-ranciac-o shall be Increased by six
or unjr other number. The I've now provided
for our Courts are not overburden^ with their
du:ies, aud the compensation awarded them is
am ule.
Founh — The common laborer, the hod-carrier,
the business man mid thr ptOtCMMmal must pro
vi<le for o.d age <>r take the consequences, and w«
«et? no reason why ih» ie»cher. ihe poilceman or
the fin-man, wbo labors a much I«M number of
hours daily and toil* far less arduously, should be
exempted from the common faie. We are, th re
fort-, unalterab'y opd< s?J to the passage of any
law h.ivmg for Its purpose the pennloniuj; of a
Ijuiu; eri-il few upon the industry of ihe many.
'-!■■). L. Fitch -M.D , Chairman.
\V. A. C Smith Sjcretary pro tern.
SOLD FLOWERS IN SALOONS.
How 1 J-Year-Old Rosia Shepurd Tried
to I :\rn a Living.
The Society for the Prevention of Cruelty
to Children was notiiied a few days ago
that a girl only 12 years of age.
named Rosie Shepard was selling flowers
around saloons and dives on the Barbary
Coast. They learned at the same time
that her mother was quartered at the In
ternational Hotel.
Special Officer Dan Healy called on the
mother yesterday and warned her not to
permit the child to eara her livini: in this
manner. The woman herself was re
ferred to the A3soc:ated Charities for as
sistance.
It that Mr-. Shepard, who is also
the mother of three other small children,
came originally from Columbus, Ohio,
where her husband died and lett her
Without any means of support. She re
moved to St. Louis, Mo., and was taken
cure ot there by charitable institutions.
Not ion:: ago she cnme to Sacramento,
wheie the daughter Rosie is said to have
earneil a meager support in the same
manner as she started to 'io here.
Tl;e woman and her children wi 1 prob
nUy be seat East by the Associated
Charities.
— • — ♦■ — *
75 piece 3 bl: ct jacquard suitings, $7 a
suit. City ot Paris. *
Musicians*
HE HAD MANY
FIRM FRIENDS
M. G Upton, the Deceased
Journalist, Remembered
in Death.
Many Tributes of Respect Have
Been Sent to His Bereaved
Family.
In Accordance Wi:h H s Expressed
Wish, Fan-ral Serv ces Will
Be Strictly Private.
BERKELEY, Cal., Feb. 6.— Matthew
G. Upton, the veteran journalist, who
died at his home in JJerkelev last night
after a lingering illness stretching over a
period of four years, had many warm
friends. Numerous messages of condo
lence and kind words o sympathy were
received to-day by the bereaved family at
their home on Durant avenue. Tributes
of respect came from far and near, as the
circle of the journalist's friends was wide
and comprised within its scope all the
leading newspaper men west of ihe Rock- |
ies. Having ben for so many years i
prominently connected with the Bulletin,
and being a roan of congenial disposition,
he gathered about himself a host of ardent
admirers.
Esteemed while living, his friends held
pacred his mem ry after he had lassed to
the great unknown.
It was irequentJy said of Mr. Upton that
he was v firm ana true friend and a good
enemy, lie had only to be known to be
admired.
It being his expressed wish and the de- j
sire of his family the funeral, which will
take place to-morrow afternoon, will be
strictly private. The serv:ces will be con
ducted oy Rev. Gtairge E. Swan of St.
Mark's Episcopal Church.
C. HEROLD ADMONISHED
Judge Carroll Cook Came Neai
Committing a Witness for
Perjury.
Denied a N wspaper Interview and
Then W.s Compjll?d to Admit
That It Was Truj.
"Step this way, Mr. Heroid, I wish to
speak wit. 1 ! you a moment," said Judse
Carroll Cook on Friday af;ernoon. The
jury in the case of Thomas Reynolds bad
jus; returned a verdict of guilty of
burglary in the second degree, with a rec
ommendation to the mercy of the court.
Charles Heroid had been the main wit
ness for the prosecution, and had em
p.oyed Attorney Alexander Campbell Jr.
to assist Deputy District Attorney Hoa
mer in conducting the triaL In his main
testimony Kero:d seemed to be anxious to
make a strong case against the prisoner,
and Rave a mass of testimony that found
no oorroboration in the testimony of the
other witnesses.
Judge Cook waited until HeroM ad
vanced to the bar, ani then said: "I
ordered your return to-day, sir. for the
reason that I was yesterday convinced
that you had committed periury, and it
was my intent. on to oraer you into ens
tody lor tr:al on a charge of teiony. You
have voluntarily come forward, nowever,
i and sMbstituted partial troth for false
hood, and this is conMdered in mitigation
of your offense. If you had not mads
your explanation in this court to-day you
would at th.s moment be in a position to
answer to a criminat charge in »ome de
partment of the Superior Court. In view
of the circumstances and your partial
reparation you will not be harshly dealt
with. For this you ought to be thank
ful."
Uerold lost no tin^e in getting out of the
courtroom.
A short time before Herold had Rey
nold.* arrested he was interviewed by a re
porter, and said :
I sospected Reynolds and was bound to get
a confession from mm. Wnen I found him in
the saloon I became angry and excited. I
dragged him to tne slab.c and told him I
wanted to know all about the burglary. When
he wouldu't tell me I beat mm. Ton know, a
man will get extited sometimes. I then tied
k rope arounj his neck, but I didn't try to
ha: g him. 1 ju>t thruw the other end over
the beam. No, 1 didn't puil him up. Ke kept
moving his head from oue aids to another,
and that is how he got the mar*s on his throat.
He became frightened aud was commencing
to confess, whe.i Leopold came iat> the stable.
At the time Heold was tirst on the
stand he denied saying these things, but
he was disputed by Mr. Slevin, the re
porter, who wa- corroborated by other
witnesses, and Herold was compelled to
auuiit that Mr. S.ev^n was li^.jtanJ he
was wrong. This was the cause wuich led
to Jud^e Cook's admonition in regard to
.el. ing the truth.
In commenting on Herold'a testimony
in his argument before the jury Attorney
Eddy said :
I never saw so pitiable a spectacle cs that
m«n Herold as he appiared on the witness
stand this morning. iou will reinumber,
gentlemen of the jury, that yesterday he
swore that he did not have a conversation
with James Slevin ani did not then admit
that he haa hang ud the boy Reynolds for the
purpose of forciug a coniescioii. In five
minutes alter court adjourned yesterday
Herod learned that he was in danger of being
convicted oi perjury for his false testimony.
He did not know at tirst that we were ready to
overwhelm him with the proof of his perjury,
tiUi when he fouad oui Ms danger he too* the
advice of his attorney and sneaked back to the
witness-;ta::d with the excuse of a mac who
knew that he had tied, aad tried to explain
,hat his memory was contused, and now he
wasn't sure whether o: not he had any such
eon venation with Mr. S.evin. Finally he vir
tual y admitted to you and to me that he did
tell Mr. Slevin exacily what he denied yester
day.
The case has attracted a great deal of
attention from residents of the Potrero,
and the counroom was rilled by spectators
from that part of tne City.
WINNEES OP PICTURES.
Snccesifnl Number* at the Art Associa
tion's Baffle fur -aijo;"- Brnifi:.
The raffle of the San Francisco Art As
sociation for the benefit of Ernest Xarjot
resulted in tbe drawing of pictures, the
successful numbers being those following
the names of the authors of pictures as
ioiiows:
Otto Emerson 368. G. Cadenas<«o 467, J. R.
Dickinson 403. J. F. Je«sett 2"*6. H. W. Sea
well 255. It. Raschen 41, J. D. Strong 123,
Kate Maher 63. W. a. Coulter 393, William
Hubacek 9, C. D. Rubinsou S6. H. S. Fonda 81
L. P. Latlmer 35, H. Fisher 110. H. Hyde 206.
J M. Gamble 473, P. F. de Conte 311, J. Godart
433. R. I>. Yeliand 168, W Keuh 372. C. Jor
pcriion 413, F. Caru> 496, A. F. Briggs 229
Ed Deakin 328. Thomas Blli 22, W. J. Hreuer
204. M. Strauss 70, A. F. M*thews 379. C. yon
P rban.it 312, C. J. Hittell 9S, J. A. Stanton
37, E. M Pissis 102. H. R. oomer 341. C A
Rogers 457, Blanche L-tcher 5. E. JJcCormick
205, A. Jou lin 297.0. Knnath 80, 5. E. Bender
2^o. a. B. Cbitteuden 231. Eva Withrow 300
M. Strauss 335, C. Jud»on 267.
i ■ — ♦ — • ; -
Napkiss, 25 in., finest qaality, at City
of Paris. .; * •
KEW 10-DAT.
I STOCK-TAKING SALE I
CLOAKS, FURS^DRESSES !
I Two Great Specials for This Week.
' 4#|gflk*t Like cut. Finest AII- j
I'^^^^y wool or Boucle Cloth I
Jacket ; or Boucle Cloth 1
v4iW^i<ferfS?\ Jacket, slashed collars, |
xiPlJr' lfixj&3 velvet inlaid, satin faced, I
ll^Mi^^*.^ all s zes blacks and navvs |
HHf KERSEYS- -$5,00
TOiSW.''^ nil pi cq cc nn 1
I FIVE AND SIX DOLLARS. BUUULtO " " *O,UU J
||p|g Elegant Fitting Jackets, |
k W*fjj£ like cut, plain embroid- J
üßo*£2m&Ls~- >. ered and fur-trimmed, I
fl&wF -\ some silk-lined, blacks, \
r?^!^ blues, browns, greens. |
\ \ WwL'M They have b2en sold l
, $?$ pplllJ^ everywhere from $20 to |
f ' \ x {tf^ji $30. Your choice |
\////Ms\ foes a#| I
I EIGHT DOLLARS. OUiUU
I I/CI I V 9 I ICDEC' Cloak and Suit House,
lIXLLLI CILILDLO 120KearnySt.
CLAIRVOYANT!
YOUR FUTURE FORETOLD
; By the Princess of Prophets.
MRS. DR. F. CLARK
Recognized by the Press, Medical Faculty
and Scientists Generally as the
Most Distinguished ■ Medium of Modern Times!
If you are In doubt that she can and will perform ail she claims, feel yourself Invited to
call and she will jrive you more substantial proo: of her marvelous powers ;han you have T er
before received from mortal. Don't fail to see her if you are interested in the affairs of life—
if marriages, sickness, death, changes, travels, divorces, separations, lawsuits, business trans-
action?, wills, dtcds and mortgages, lost or stolen property, hidden treasures, lo<:t or absent
friends interest you-if you care to know what you should do to be successful, where you
should go and whom to avoid, when to buy and sell stock, etc. If you aesire to have your
domestic troubles removed, your lost love restored, your bitterest enemies converted into
stanch friends. In a word, whatever may be your troub es, suspicions or desires call on this
gifted woman and she will send you away happier, wiser and bolder than ever before.
THE MAGIC BELT
The Greatest of All Talismans.
in«to" 8 0u%3. m^ rou and thus -
esteem, love and fr !e udshi r - from aU gtaemlt -* S ln:o fc**** and br::
CAT1 T AY I ' O3SESa A UEILISC; POWEE AXD CUKE DISEASES BY ITS SIMPLE APPU-
THE 3VX.A.GrIO BELT
Contains within Itself the virtn«»« of ..,.,.1 „_ In' lv
most poweriul talisman th« h£ fever X made "" ° ther siD S Ch ms combined, and Is the
I futureT l 8y UrTOCatiOalnlife? How have you prospered What are your hopes for the
ma/ffiy^e^a^hefr fcX %&£ "nd* v^ 1 "^ 81^ 8 ' P«*-»o» or ,r.de. whic h
a-, unknown fate f r fame,^ "tune and »ii-ton T ?««*" hal£ °i V ° U arc fl B htin against
■ find your true vocation: 4UILUiIO IDa posi.ion which you do not and caanot oDiain until you
cess'wfu aueudTou^buu! Dhld h l JSid^naZu^ h& ™ fOUad yOur :rae voca:ion and sue "
,have not found ronr't?ne voca"o" A ".ft *« Mr* oi £P a a '" st y ° U> US an evidence thai you
quest. o:. and your tru* vo^tion' po nted out mr 01 "" *" 1 SOOr ' Setlle ll ' s all-lmpmant
eree of br»i nd energy success wm sure m « r,l *U and lf pOM - ss «a of oni >' a moderate de-
by a hipher than humln power^s to tt™J ""end you. Siie advues you with cer.^lntr
' your friends and enemfes^ aTe i real L P E k C to pur^ ue in iife - Her de»crli»tloas of
; to your heart's contest wd "owiife, Vi y St " tHl belorP you - CaU * nd test lDe
! one reliable medium and c lairvoYani no» in r*f tnoroaghly satisfied .hat tnere is at least
to roveaL <-i«urvo>ant now in your midst. Noihiug in life too obscure ior her
SEA m r F&*'akcD BLARS8 LARS d * U7 nd Sua(lay - Perfect action guaranteed by mail.
business » sacrea nd confidential.
ewrjthlSrg^and^bldf "wm bTii-«T Itted fr ° m 7 ° ar readln at y° ur «qne«t, othorwlse
mrs. drTfTclark,
1206 Market Street, Parlors 25 and 26.
(Take Elevator), San Francisco, Cal.BUTLER IN
CANADA
He Took Part in the Riel
Rebellion Over Twelve
Years Ago.
WAS A MEMBER OF THE
MOtJNTED POLICE.
Fortunately Missed Taking Part
in Any Actual Fight
ing.
ENLISTED FOR A TEEM OF
THREE YEARS.
In Future No Visitors Will Be Per
mitteJ to S--e Him Without
a Special Order.
Hundreds of people were disappointed
s: not being able to obtain admittance to
the City Prison to see Butler or Ashe yes
terday.
The Chief of Police had given instruc
tions that no one should be permitted to
enter the prison unless with a permit from
headquarters. Butler was a prisoner of
the United States Marshal and was not on
public exhibition.
Tne re.-ult was that only a favored few
gained admittance and Butler had a relief
from being stared at by crowds of men
aud women, as on the previous four days.
A large crowd novered around the
entrance to the prison, and policemen had
repeatedly to drive them back to enable
people who had business in the prison to
eet entrance. So determined were the
people to keep on watch for a possible
chance of getting a peep at Butler some
•way or other that the policemen became
exasperated and the gardener was asked
to turn his hose upon them, which had
the effect of scattering them.
Yeserday morning Mrs. Eliza Weyser,
231 Third street, accompanied by her
daughter, called at police headquarters.
She said that five or six years ago she
kept a boarding-house on Elizabeth street,
near the park. Sydney, N. S. W. She re
niembered distinctly having a lodger of
the name of Butler, and, being struck by
the resemblance of toe pictures of Butler
that had appeared in the papers, she was
convinced he was the same man.
Mrs. Weyser whs taken to the prison
and introduced to Butler, and after a brief
conversation with him she returned to the
Chiefs office. She said she was not ex
actly positive as to the identity of the
man. His voice sounded familiar and his
general appearance answered to that of
her firmer lodger, but it was so long ago
that it was hard to say whether he was the
man or not.
The man stopped at her house one year,
and was away for weeks at a time. No
one knew u-hat his business was, and as
he always had plenty of money and
uressed well there was a mystery about
Lim. One rtay lie disappeared and she had
not seen or heard of him since.
.. Butler was closeted with his attorneys
for some time yesterday afternoon, pre
paring for the hear ng before Commis
sioner Heacock to-morrow mornine.
. Last night two rival owners of phono
graphs called at the Cay Prison each with
a piece of music aod his pet phonograph.
They wanted Butler to sins a song into
each phonograpn, but he refused to do it,
and they had to retire discomfited. Each
tned to outbid the other, and by that
means they failed in their object.
James Maim, a sailo r on the Swanhilda,
■was abo a visitor last night, and he and
Butler nad a long chat together. Maim
was on the second mate's waich during
the voyage, and Butier was on the first
mate's watch. Maim said after he had
quit talking with Butler that Butler came
aboarJ at Newcastle with an unusually
large clothes-bag and a small bag, and
after tne ship waa under way and they be
gan to get acquainted Butler produced a
captain's certificate under which he had
shipped in the name of Lee Weller.
He was out of money and being desirous
of reaching America quickly for family
reasons he shipped before the mast. He
had two good suits of clothes in his bag,
some shirH and other things better than
I sailor u-ually has and a good deal of jew
elry, which he showed to Ins messmates. He
formed a spfcial intimacy with Maim and
waa a hearty shipmate, offering Maim
the use of his oilskins during the rainy
weather.
THE REAL CAPTAIN WELLER
According to a Friend he Was Easy
Colngr and an Attractive Mark
for Sharpers.
. BOSTON, Mass., Feb. 6.— Captain Lee
"Weiler, for whose murder Frank Butler is
now held in San Francisco, lived in South
Boston from July, 1893, to August, 1895,
KEW TO-DAT.
HUMPHREYS'
Why continue to suffer under
old-school treatment, when
you can be made well and
strong by Homeopathy?
Did you ever try Humphreys'
Specifics? If not, there is hope
for you— health for you, almost
tappingat your door; step in to
the nearest drugstore and ask
for the Specific you need, get
well and strong for a quarter.
It is a small investment, but
means much to you.
. A cure for Colds, Catarrh,
Rheumatism, Whooping
Cough, Skin Diseases, Bowel
Complaint, Headache, Neu-
ralgia, Dyspepsia, Kidney and
Liver Trou b I c s , or anything
you require described in Dr.
Humphreys' Manual, free at
your druggist, or mailed on
request.
We have a large sheet of
Unsolicited Testimonials just
teeming with good things that
you want to know.
femall bottles of pleasant pellets— Qt the vest
pocket. Sold by druggists, or sent prepaid npon
roreipi of price. 25 cents. Humphreys' iledlcine
Company, 111 William street, >ew York.
with his wife, and was, to use the expres
sion of W. T. Nuell, who was intimate
with him, a good thing for men with
schemes. Captain Nuell says:
"The Captain was easy going, but his
wife had lots of ambition. She gave les
sons in vocal music and in one of tne Back
| Bay churches sang for nesirly two years.
They remained here till August, li-'.t.'i.when
they went to Johannesburg, where Mrs
Welder died within a year.
"Now to illustrate the sort of a person
the captain was and how easily be was
taken In I want to tell you one of his ex
periences while in Boston. He was out of
work and saw an advertisement for real
estate agents.
"He thought he was qualified for the
position and was told that he couid have
the position by depositing $203. He al
ways had plenty of money forthcoming
when it was needed and acceded to the de
mand. He paid down the $200 and was
to receive $18 a week for his services. At
the end of the first week he was dis
charged and tried m vain to compel the
men to return the deposit. He would not
prosecute the proprietor of tbe place.
The notorious Doc Langley was arrested
afterward and is now up on a long sen
tence.
"A short while afterward ho went into
the canJy business with a sharper and
dropped several hundred dollars more.
He reported the case to the polic , but re
fused to prosecute. He also got caught
on a big block of valueless gold mining
stock."
Nuell has a large number of letters
from Johannesburg and Sydney from the
captain.
BUTLER IN OREGON.
On the Scottish Glens-Evaded a
Warrant— A Theory.
PORTLAND, Or., Feb. 6.-Butler, the
Australian murderer now under arrest in
San Francisco, sailed from here in March,
1892, as Boatswain Ashe in the British
ship Scottish Glens.
The records of the British Vice-Consul's
office show that Ashe secured his dis
charge from the British ship Star of
Russia to take the boatswain's berth on
the Scottish Glens, the opportunity for
promotion evidently actuating him in the
change.
While the Scottish Glens was lying at
Astoria, waiting to get to sea, a sa.lor piv
ing the name of Butler became involved
in a fight, and a warrant for his arrest on
a charge of assault was issued. It was
never served, however, the man disap
pearing.
Joseph Peterson, an ex-sailor Btopping
at the Scandia House* here, says this
evening's Telegram, was at that time
working on a railroad being built out of
"One morning when I came down to
the main aupuly station at the ijead of the
Lewis and Clark River," said Peterson,
"I was accosted by a sailor-appearing
chap, who asked me as to the chauce for
work. I referred him to the foreman,
who, after a few words with the man,
sung out to me to take him along and
work him with my gang. The fellow ap
peared m trouble, starting at every sound
coming up behind him. I did not pay
much attention to this, thinking him a
probable deserter. He had no blankets,
and somehow, feeling for him, I took him
to bunk with me. During the night he
told me bis story. He said his name was
Ashe, but that under another name he
had sot into trouble in Astoria, and thai
the officers were after him. I remember
distinctly his expressing regret at the
good berth he had lost through getting
into this ecrape.
"The next morning when I started for
the landing with the t>ack train he begged
of me not to take him along, but tinU him
work with some outlying camp, saying he
was afraid to Le seen by the men coining
and KOing on the steamer from Astoria."
A theory has been formed thai Butler,
for whom the warrant was issued, and
Ashe were one and the same man; that
Ashe lindinu himself in trouble deserted
the Scottish Glens, and making his way
to the railway camp succeeded in earning
sufficient money to get him to Ban Fran
cisco, where he found employment in the
laundry.
BUTLER IN CANADA.
He Was a Member of the Northwest
Mounted Police.
Butler gave some additional facts in
connection with his past lile yesterday
which are of the greatest interest.
A few days ago he stated that he was in
Quebec, Canada, in 1888, and yesterday he
pave some farther particulars of his life
in that country.
During the Kiel rebellion in the Cana
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 7, 1897.
A FIRE-HOSE FOUND EFFECTIVE.
The Crowd in Front of the City Fr'u >n Had to Be Held in Check by the Police.
dian Northwest, Butler was a member of
Troop B of the Northwest Mounted Po
lice, stationed in Regina, the capital of
the Northwest Territories.
Troop B, at the time of the rebellion,
was under command of Major Short, a
thorough disciplinarian, who was some
years later killed in an explosion in Que
bec.
The rebellion broke out in March, ISBS,
the first overt act being committed by the
halfbreeds under Gabr.el Dumart, Reil's
lieutenant, on March 26. at a place calle.l
Duck Lake. The nalfbreeds attempted to
take possession of some stures under
transport to Fort Carlton. Superintendent
Crozier. with eighty men, was in charge of
the stores, and Dumart had about 200 half
breeds. The engagement was sharp and
decisive, the halfbreeds beii:g repulsed,
but not before several on both sides had
been killed and wounded.
Butler was not in this engagement and
did not see any actual fighting during the
rebellion, which la-ted for several weeks,
until Kiel wa> defeated by General Mid
dle ton at Batoche, and a few days later
Poundmaker, the head of the rebellious
Indians, surrendered to Colonel Otter at
Battieford.
"I was stationed at Qu' Appelle cross
ing," said Butler, "with part of our troona
to keep the crossing clear, and knew very
little of what was going on.
"If the halfbreedi had come our way,
however, I suppose we would have been
forced to give them battle, but they didn't,
and we bad an easy time of it.
"I liked the Northwest, although at Re
gina it was pretty cold during the winter,
but one gets used to it.
"1 enlisted for three years, the usual
term, and after it expired I did not care to
re-enli~t.
"I understand that the mounted police
are row more like the cavalry in the
English army and the members have not
such a good time as they used to have."
The rebellion was in 1855 and Butler
was a member of the force then. It is
evident that he was in Canada from that
time till 18S8, when he said he was in
Qu< bee, so that his history is now pretty
well known from 1885 up to the present
time.
He wouid not say what name he went
under while in the mounted police, but
Captain Lees will communicate with the
Canadian authorities and will no doubt
be able to trace him.
LEAGUED FOR ELOQUENCE
Stanford and the University of
California Agree to
Dbate.
Satisfactory Stipulations Reached to
R main in Force Three Years.
The Judges.
An agreement has been reached under
which a debating league has been estab
lished between Stanford University and
the University of California, the title
of whicn is the Stanford - Univer
sity of California Debating League.
This agreement was framed at a
meeting of representatives of the two
universities and was signed by John M.
Swilzer, Robert J. O'Neil and J. T.
Burcham for Stanford, and by Joseph T.
O'Connor, J. \V. Leggett and David F.
McWade for the University of California.
T c old agreement recently Japsed.
The new agreement will remain in force
until the third Saturday of January, 1900.
One of the leading provisions of the
agreement refers to the selection of
judges. Stanford won by a toss '.he op
tion cf deciding whether it will choose
the question and will notify the Univer
sity of California before February 10.
The question must be submitted before
February 20. The first debate takes place
in August.
Stanford also won by toss the privilege
of submitting the first list of names for
judges, as provided foi in the agreement.
Mr. McWade, who is one ot the signers
for the University of California, is the
president of the senior class. O'Connor,
I. C,, was an intercollegiate debater last
year. T c full text of the agreement be
tween the two universities is as follows:
1. This league shall be called the SUnford-
University of California Debating Leacue.
'2. Its purpose is to provide for a series of In
tercollegiate debates between Stanford Uni
versity and the University of Californ a.
3. Tnis agreement sba'l go Into effect imme
diately alter !(■ ratification by the two uuiver-
[ sities and shall remain In forceuntil the third
i-aturday In January, 1900.
4. There shall be a debate between repre
sentatives of the two universities as herein
after provided, said debate to take place some
time during the second semester of each coi-
I le^e year.
5. Any student of either university who has
not received a bachelor's d'-gree shall be eligi
ble to rei)ru>enl his university in the debate.
0. Eacn un.verslty shall have three repre
seniaitves upon the debate.
7. Tne time allowed to each speaker snail
be limited to twanty minutes, except that the
: loader of the affirmutive shall have ten i.;:n
--• utes additional in which to close.
8. There snail be three judge? of the debate,
[ no one of whom shall have been a student of, or
■ In any way connected with, either univirs: y.
■ 9. One university snail submit to the other" a
, list of not less than six names, from which the
i other shall choose those judges which are sat
i isfactory and Indicate the order of preference.
li five are not thus chosen the second univer
sity shall submit a slmKar list to the first,
and this alternation of lists shall be continued
! until a list of live available men shall have
| been agreed upon, indicated in order of pref
erence. The order of preference in the list
! finally chosen shall follow ibe order in which
! they are chosen by the one or t:ie other uni
versity, each univi-rs-.tr naml:iß the order lor
those chosen by it. The two universities shall
alternate in submitting the first list of names.
In 1W97 Stanford University Boall submit the
first list.
10 The opinion of a majority of the judges
shall d*cidi' the question under debate. The
jud!T?s in the debate are to consider both the
argument and ;he presentation of it.
1 1. All arrangements for holaing the debate
I not herein otherwise provided lor 6hall be
made by the executive committee of this
1 league. .
IJ. This committee shall consist of three
representatives from each university.
13. The option of submitting the question or
ehoosiug side shall be determined each year
by lot.
Signed:
John It Switzer, Robert J. O'Xeil, J. T.
Burcham, for S anford.
Joseph T. O'Connor, J. W. Leggett, David F.
j McWade, lor the University of California.
i •
NEW TO-DAY.
WE WANT YOUR TRADE I
UNHEARD-OF VALUES MIST GETIT FOR, IS !
During the coming week we will carry out further our policy of sacrificing ruth-
lessly oar whole stock, that, by turning it into, money, we may be spared the expense
of moving it, and we will throw upon the counters, to suffer with : the 'rest of the
stock, all our NEW SPRING IMPORTATIONS. .
THE LIKE OF THIS SALE HAS SEVER BEE* SEES BEFORE !
Elegant Black Silk Brocades at 50c, 75c | 42-Inch French Boucle Cloths, $1.00 qual-
and 85c a yard. ity for 45c a yard.
New line of Fancy Changeable Gloria Silks j 40-Inch Novelty Suitings, 75c quality for
to be cleared out at 30c a yard ; good i 35c a yard.
All Ihades'h, Gioria Silks at 25c a yard. 1 1 SUitin * 9 ' 4 ° C *™ Ui * ' fOr
All y°al°d7 2 re^arpre n^ SilkSat MC ' * feline New Flannelettes, 5c yard.
Our $7.50 quality 27-inch All-Silk Ecru All- Linen Crash, 5c a yard.
Poncee now $3.75 a full piece of 15 yds. I^rgu size Turkish Towels, 10c each.
Newly Imported Scotch Cheviots, $1.00 Fine Damask Towels, 15c each.
ort quality fur 50c a yard.  „. , Genta' Camels-h air Shirts and Drawers,
60-Inch Ail-Wool Redferns, $1.25 quality 45c eacii.
for 50c a yard. " | Ladies' Vests and Drawers, 20c each.
48-Inch Scotch Weather Cloths, $1.25qual- ! Ladies' and Gents' Handkerchiefs, 5c each.
ity for 60c a yard. j Children's Handkerchiefs, 25c a dozen.
THESE STAR ATTRACTIONS WILL GUIDE YOU
GREAT SACRIFICE REMOVAL SALE
— OE*
J. SAMUELS,
104, IQ6, 108 tt.eetrxi.xr &t.
li§§| CATARRH ,*«&>. ' lm Pfl CHy
LOCAL DISEASE S^^^^^l wMMM$gb Cant- «SSST?w!
and is the result of colds mWcJi^AM BAIV^H ifiiF Be i a , fcer a verr BUC '
' ndS C U h d n^" matiC »^%^fS H C ?SI 1L XlcaK'^,
chance*. VUlvrrii "-IIM j^Hv^^Q fl^v^ has lo ated in o&Q
Thl« remedy doss not con- I "'tVEn Xgs v, M I^T 1 Tr"^ £m Francisco. The sijr-
tnln ni«Tciiry or any other |ftj n/£s?.^H »'/// » *-/ J'rising and marvelom
lnjurlomi drus. Si ' ± '^'/5m «?■«?*' lV Z/ cures eftecto<l by hU
ELY'S B^^^^X*^ "^ Jal^ Jrw^S^\ if > li rl> s di'iuonstiatc
fIRCAM RAIM Eil^V^v^^^^i **%Kis?r -)SL. " Klll - 4w e dllTe?en-.
PRFfIM Rfll M -^t^ 9^^^' «ure over 400 dlfferen;
OflLHm DHLIfI Zt^—^— „ ir- *J? MRHtf-^arV diseases, Incudln?
Opeiis and cleans the Nasal I ](\\ Ik IV lID \ U viWEF''^^ ' Jlrlzht's Disease, Dla-
-I'nssagcs, Allays Pain and v VLIF »'« IllJ.ll/ . W^Sxgr betPs, Consumption,
inll.-imniHtion, Heals Protects the Membrani __ '■«'™' r T«"' > *• Asthma, Paralysis.
Irom Colds. Restores the Souies of Taste aril Bp ln Nerve. Cancers, Tnmors, Blood, Male and
Smell. Is qnlctcly absorbed. Gives relief at onc-V *"'«nale Maladtw All persons allllcted with any
50 cents at DrugjrUu, or by mall; samples 10c b/ klDd of malBav whatsover are Invited to call.
mall. , ' Ofiice. 737 Washington Street.
KLY BROTHERS, 5S Warren street, Kew Yorl£ office honrs-9 a. m, to 1» M-, itot» p. n. ; Ban-
i vr; ;^ 1 <«v, 10 v. to lan. h.;a -
riFTH ENSEMBLE CONCERT.
Alice Bacon and Guilio Minetti Perform
in Y. BE. C. A. Auditorium.
Mis 3 Alic^ Bacon and Guilio Minetti
pave their fifth ensemble concert in the
Younz Men's Christian Association Audi
torium yesterday afternoon. Tne execu
tants were Mis-3 Bacon pianist, Mr. G-
Minetti first violin, Mr. J. Josephs second
violin, Mr. A. Walcott third violin, Mr.
S. Weigel fouith violin, Mr. L. Heine
viola, Mr. yon der Mehden cello, Mr. F.
Mundw3*Jer basso, Miss Daisy Cohn vocal
isr, Miss Belie Cnarnberiain accompanist.
The programme was an exceptional one
and numbers were repeatedly encored by
the audience. It was as follows:
Concerto grosso (Handel-Bachrlch), andante
larghettn, allegro, menueti moderate) non
troppo, largo, alleero ma non troppo, Messrs.
Minetti, Josephs, Walcott, Welfrel. Heine, Yon
iti-r Mehden fc!id Mundwyler; (a) "The Merry
Postillion" (AM), (6) "Delight" (Luekstone),
Miss Uaisy conn; piano concerto, I) minor
(Mendelssohn), witii string quintet accompaui
ment, allegro vivace, udagio molto sosienuto,
finale pru-to sci.eizamio, Miss Alice Bacon;
(a) canzonetta (<io<lard). (6) aria (Bach), (c)
menuetto (Bolzuni}, Messrs. Minetti, Josephs,
Heine, Yon der MchJen ana Muudwyler.
The sixth ensemble concert will take
place March 6, at 8 o'clock p. m., when the
Brahms E flat major trio, Greig sonata in
G major tor violin and piano and violin
bolos by Mr. Minetti will be performed.
Silk and wool piaiJs 40c per yard, worth
75c. City of Pars. ♦
• — ♦ — •
Sir E. Watkin, the railway magnate,
says that the most costly piece of railway
line in the world is that between the Man
sion House and Aldgate stations, in Lon
don, which required the expenditure of
close upon £2,000,000 a mile.
NEW TO-DAT
We're Going
'Em 75 Better
ONE WEEK ONLY. ONE WEEK ONLY.
"Above you see the suits. The prettiest of blue and
black worsted serges in single and double breasted
sacks — awfully dressy garments. Fine all-wool che-
viots, blues and blacks. Handsome colorings, in
Tricot lawn, cassimeres in light colorings, in pretty
overplaids and neat pinheads; in Havana brown and
neat gray effects ; for spring wear — and spring, '97, at
that. Should we say more?"
Yes, WE will say more. We will say that posi-
tively every thread in these suits is pure wool. And
more — WE will refund your money, if you want, any
time. And more — WE will keep these suits in repair
one year free of all cost to you.
WE rest our case here. Until Saturday night
only, remember.
S. N. WOOD & CO.
(COLUMBIAN WOOLEN MILLS),
541 Market Street,
Dir?cMy Opposite Sansome.
RAILROAD
AOt Till: IFIC CO9IPATVT-.
(PACIFIC: KVSTKM.)
Train* learr nml nrr <ltie (o nrrlve at
KAN I'KANdKCO.
liave — From Jast-aky 1, 1897. — Aiutrva
"*«:O»a NiUs. s,iu Jose and Way Stations... 8:4.1 a
7:04»a Atlantic Express, Og.ltn and Kar.t.. 8:13p
7:00 a Benicia, VacaTllle, Rurr.sey. Bacra»
mento. Ororrille and Redding Tia
DaTis 6:43p
7i3oa Martinez, San Ramon, Vallejo, Xapa,
. Calistoga and Santa Rosa 611
■:HOa Nites. Sau .lose. .Stockton, lone, - V*
' L.i . Sacramento, Mary^ille, Chico,
Tehima and Bed Bind .4tlftp
•8:30 a Peters and Milton *7:13*
©:00a N«w Urieans Inns; Raymond (for' -"''■
Yosouilte), Fresno, Bakerslield,
Santa liarhara. Ijos Angeles, Dem*
ing, £1 Paso, New Orleans and -
East 4:4»p
9:OOa Martinez and Stockton 4:45p
O:OOa Vallejo 6:13p
Niius. San Jose, Lireruiore and
Stockton 7:1 5p
•l:OOp Sacramento liirer Steamers »«:OOp
l:OOp Nlles, San Jose and Lirermore 8:43 a
fl:3op Port Costa and Way Stations t?:4Br
4:UOp Martinez, San lUiuon, Vallejo, 1
. Nai'a, CalUtoga, i:i Verano and
Santa Rosa 9:13 a
4:00p Benioia, Vacaville. Woodlami,
Knights Landing, Marysville, Oro-
vills an<! Sacrameii'o 11:19 a
4:30p Lathrop, Stockton, Modesto, Mer.
. ced and Fresno, going via Niles, • . 1
, - returning ria Martinez 11:13
SiOOp Los Angel«s Express. Tracy, ' <
Fresno, Banta Barbara and lios
Augeles 10:41 A
SiOOpSauta l''tt Route. Atlantic Express
; for Mojara anil East J0:4.1a
6:OOp> European Mail. Ogdtiii and I".:iat O:4.Ta
CtOOp HaTwanls, Nilesuml Sau Jose Ti4!tA
J7:OOi- Valiejo 17:43»
7:00p Orcoou i:xi>n > ss,Sacraniento, Marys-
vllle, Rmldbig, Portlaud, i'liyek ' J
Sound and Kast..... 11:19 a
?10:0«r "BuTiset Limited." Fresno, Los
Anfales, HI Paso,- New Orleans
and East |l«i4Bp
S*MA CIU'/ IUTIsION (^arro^T (iauge).
i7i»A ('eiiterTiUi',Man.l»Sß,Felton,
BeuUt-r Creek, Santa Cruz ami Way
Stations oi3or
•t:18r Newark. CenterTille, San Jose, New
Ahnadtfif. I'elton, ]!oul<lrr Creek,
Santa Crux ami Prlacip«'> Way
SUtlous..... MIjSOa
4:l»r Newark. San Jose and l.oa <»»tos ... Ujsoa
tl I:4 Ap Hunters' Excursion, Ban Jose and
Way Stations t7:**P
t()\M 111 VISION (Tlilnl X Tnnnsrriil Sin.)
0:45 a .lot- ami Way MtAtioim (New *""
Alniailcu \Vti'.:iesdaja only) ll3or
8:19 a San Jose, l*res Piiios, Sitnta Cruz,
Pacllic <>roTe. Pa*n Rubles, San
Luis Obispn. Guadalupe, Surf aud
Principal Vny Stations 7:00p
I «i4Oa San Josb and Way Stations 5:00p
I1:8Wa Palo Alto and Way Stations &30»
*31:30p San Mateo. Menlo Park. Kau Jose, :
Gltroy, Tres Pinos, Santa Cruz,
Saliuas.Monteiey and I'acilicGrove «10:40 a
*3:nop Sau Joso and Way .Stations ........ 5:43 a
•4t3oi>SaD Jeseauil Way Stations *8:O3a
5:30p Sa> . >ose anil PTiucipal Way Statious *S:43a
C: 3O p San Jose aud Way Stations 0: a
<11:45 - San Jog» nml Way Stations t7:49p
SAX LEA.NUKO AMI IIAYWARDS LOCAL.
t'8:OOA". ( 7:13 a
S:0»A 1 . (0:43 a
10. : 22 a I »elr<we, Seminary Park, Jjjjg*
'"^Jp Fltrhbiirg,SmnLea dro \™*l
3:0 Or . mn a - i ■ . 4i4.1:p
. 4:00p " uu 1 C:43p
S!Sop I H«XW.rda. «;1«p
7:O0p «54.% i
8:OOp , _ .. i ' . "'__,- C ' -i »:43p
9:00p < Huns through to Niles. ]0:50p
ttll:l.^p; t From Nlles. 1. f fiaiooy |
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
from SAN mKCISCO— foot of Mirket Street (Slip 8)—
•7:15 .9:00 11:00 a.m. Jl*3 »2:00 13:00
- •4:00 tB:OO »6:o3pji.
OiSL»SD— Foot of ßroidwij.— ' *C:00 8:00
10:00 a.m. J12:00 *1:00 J3:00 •3:00 tt.-QO
• •S:QQi'.M.
1 A for Morniii£. p for Afternoon.
• Bundays exceptod. ■ -C.- - . t Saturdays only.
■, «» , — t Sundays only,
tt Monday, Thursday and Saturday nights only.
TTneßdays and Saturdays. 6 Sundays and Thursdays.
lORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAi
(Via Sausalito F.rrjr).
VBssa Baa Ctaaclsco, Commeaclag Sept. 13, 18ta>
;.»j- ; ■ .- WXXaU>AT»
r«ratm VsJley and San Kafael -•7|29, *9il^
11:00 a. U.. '1:45. 3:45, »6:16, •5:45,tf :SO r.u.
Extra trips for San Kafael on Mondays, - Wttinar !
aaysaad Saturdays at 11 .30 p. m.
BCXCAYSI .
ror MOl Valley and San Kafael— •B:oo. »10 I
•11:30 ... M.: •l-.KO. 3:00. *4:»0. 6:16 M.
Trains marked • run to »an Quentin.
THROUGH TRAINS.
• For Point Beyes and way stations— a. m,
■Weeltdays, 8 4)0 a. m Sundays. 1:45 X if. natap
Jt ar Casadero and war statioas— 7 lit a, M. Mft>
*a»»t J;45 r. *. baturdajs>
_^ RAILROAD TRAVEL.
SM FRASCISCO PA-
CIFIC RAILWAY CO.
Tiburon Ferry— of Market
•£an Francisco to Saa Bafanl.
WEEK DAYS-7-.30, 9:00, 11:00 a. jc: 12:S\
3:80, 6:10, 6:30 p.m. Thursdays— Extra trla
at 11:30 p. m. Baturdayß— Kxtra trips at 1:50
and 11:30 P. v.
BDNDAYS— 8:00, 9:3 a 11:00 a. h.; 1:30, 3:3*
6:00. 6:20 P. it ■ ■ •
San Rafael to San FrancUco.
WEEK DAYS— B:IS, 7:50, 9:"J0, 11:10 A. U.
12:45, 3:40, 5:10 p. m. Saturdays— trlo'i
at 1 :55 p. m. and 6:33 P. m.
BCKDA\S- 8:10, 9:40, 11:10 a. K.i 1:40, S:«a
5:00, 6:25 P.M.
Between San Francisco and Schuetzea Park sama
schedale as above,
l*ave Tn»ff<v-t . Arrive
Ban Franclsca oct 14. San ranclaca
Wkkk I Sen- r.p.^il'inn Bmh I Wmk""
Days. I pa Yg. "P'ttnation. pAY9^ j DAYaL
7:30 am 8:00 ami Novato, 10:40 am 8:40 ak
8:80 I'M : 9:30 ax I Petal uma, 6:10 pm 10:25 AMC
5:10 pm 5:00 pm Santa Kosa. 7:35 pm 6:22 PM
' Fulton,
, 7:30 am Windsor, 10:25 aw
Healdsburg, *
. ■■■' l.ytton, ...
Geyservllle, .. ftj , v'-i
3:30 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:35 pm 6:22 MC
i I'lcta, j
i Hqplaud &
7:30 am 8:00 am 1 Uklah. | 7:35 pm 6:211pm;
7:30 am : i 10:26 am
8 :00 am Qnernevllle. 7:36 pm
3:30 pm I j ■ 6:22 pm
7:80 am 00 am Sonoma 10:40 am 8:40 am
and
6 : 10 pm 5:00 pm Glen EUen. 6:10 pm 6:22
7T3o"AlT¥7do am| senaiitonol 1 10:40 AM l lO:2^ A>
3:3opm|s:oOpm| Sebastopol I 6:10 tf:a2PM
Staees connect at Panta Rosa for Marie West
Sprintrs: at Geyservllle for Hkaggs Springs: at
Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Pieta for Highland
Springs, Kelsey vllle. Soda Bay and l*lceport; at
Hoplnnd'for Lakeport and Bartlett Springs: at
Uklah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga Springs, Btoa
Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake, Upper Lake, Homo, Potter
Valley. Jonn Day's, Riverside, Llerley's, Buclc-
nell's, Sanhedrin Heights. Ilullville, BoonevUle,
Greenwood, Orr's Hot Springs. Mendoclno City,
Fort Bragg, Westport, L'sal, WUiets, Cahto, Co-
veio. Laytonville, Harris, Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at reduoed
rates.
On "Sundays ronnd-trlp tickets to all points be-
yond Ban Rafael at half rates. - .
Ticket Offlcps, 650 Market St., Chronicle hnUdluj.
A.W.FOSTER, B. X. RYAJf.
Ires. and Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent.
Atlantic *flp££}
Pacific
Trains leave aud arrlva atjßg^BfeJHS^M
alarkei-Street Ferry. V^^C^sSSrifgi
SASTA EXPRESS. Wg^
Xo Cbira^o via A. & P.^JsPjS&3&roUTl*l
Direct Line *-*^3?*>>- i aG^
Leaves da ly at 6: JO p. x..carrvlne milmaa Palaca
J.)rawing-room and Modern Upbolstered Tourist
Sleeping-cars, which run dally throarh 10 Chic»ii
I ▼la Kaniaa City. Annex cars for Denver and Su
Louis.
! ■ Boston Excursions, via Kansas City, Chlcaga
Montreal and the White fountains leave every
I Tuesday. •
The best railway from California to the East.
Kew rails, new ties: no dust: interesting scenery,
ana good meals In Harvey* dining-rooms.
1 San Francisco Ticket Office, 644 Market
St., Cbronicle Building. Telephone Mala
IC3l* Oakland . 1118 BrouUway.
THE m FRIIGISCO W'J SAS JOAt'JH
VALLEY RAILWAY COIPI.U.
FROM JANUAHY 31, 1897, passenger trains
will run daily:
southbound. Stations. Northbound,
7:2 i) a. m Stockton 6:10 p. m.
9:*9 a. m ....Merced 8:14 p m.
11: a m Fresno 1 :lOp. m.
■For Intermediate station see time-table.
Connecti ne Htenmboats of the C. N. <fc I. Co.
leave SanFranrlsco a"d Stovkton at 6 P. M. dally.
\\M\ TAfIIALPAIS.
Train* connect with North Paclfle
Coast Bailroad. *«j»h*
WEEK DAYS— Leave a F. 9:11 a. v. 1:45 r w.
Eeturnlng— Arrive 8. K. 8:25 p x. 6:20 p" it
BUNDAYS- LeaveaF. Ba. m 11:80 a. x. l:3ui<x*
Returning— Arrive S.F.I :16 p.m. 4:20 p.m. 7:35 ■'•»*
Tickets for sale In Mill Valley or ■ "f tMm
THOS. couK <t *O-\"!S 6ai Market st., s. f.
Ulii Valley »aa Uouat lajuaipaia UctaieKaiiw*m
910
A Suggestion for the "Examiner* Chromo to Be Given Away With a Four-Line "Ad* for 15 Cents.
FREE MEN
SPEAK OUT
Object to Meet Competition
From Convict
Labor.
A MASS-MEETING LAST
EVENING.
Resolutions Were Adopted Set
ting Forth the Views of
Workers.
PRISON DIRECTORS SHARPLY
CRITICIZED.
President Sonntag of the Manufac
turers' and Producers' Asso
ciation Spoke.
The Manufacturers' and Producers' As
sociation has put itself on record in re
gard to convict labor in a manner most
emphatic. Under its auspices a mass
meeting was held at Metropolitan Tem
ple last evening to discuss this menace to
free industry, and in view of the brief agi
tation the attendance was good. By far
the majority of the auditors were laboring
men.
Julian Sonntag, president of the asso
ciation, briefly stated the objects of the
meeting. John H. Eoberts, secretary,
read the following list of vice-presidents:
James E. Brltt, J. H. O'Brien. P. M. Delany,
T. W. Rivers, T. E. Treacy. L. A. Henry, E. F.
Bert, J. H. Mahony, E. I. Wolfe, L. E. Jones, M.
J' Gale, J. H. Knowles, James A. Wilson, T. W.
Butcher.
Letters were read from Mayor Phelan,
Eugene F. Bert and General John H.
Dickinson.
In a prelude to his address, which was
the main feature of the evening, Mr. Sonn
tag spoke of the objects and scope of the
association which tie represented. Tins
organization, he declared, furnished em
ployment which was the means of sup
port of 50,000 persons within the City and
County of San Francisco.
The Southwick bill was read and ex
plained. Mr. Sonntag said that the Manu
facturers' and Producers' Association was
doing what it could to secure its passage.
At San Quentin the prisoners are en
gaged in making jute bags. This has
been a benefit to tne farmers of this State,
but a few months ago, in conversation
with three of the Prison Directors, Mr.
Sonntag was told: "We will divide t:ie
men. We will put 150 to making shoes,
150 more to making buttons and others at
at similar industries." Mr. Sonntag said:
"Not if I can help it."
Mr. Sonntag then referred to the wo rk
of rock-quarrying at Folsom and said :
"We want to protect the quarrymen of
California. They employ 4000 men, and
at Rocklin to my certain knowledge
the quarries have been cio-ed down for
three years on account of the q uarries at
Folsom. I believe in giving every man
lair wages, and he will not get the chance
if he has to come into contact with con
vict labor.'*
"Mr. Warden Aull," continued Mr.
Bonntag, "wants to make a record. He
wants to cut down the pro rata; for the
fact is that our prisons, with 1300 con
victs, cost much more than it does lor
the State of New York witii a like number
of convicts. He wants this bill amended
so that rock broken at Folsom can be used
on every highway, whether in a city or
not. If Warden Aull is successful in car
rying this measure through, at the next
session they will go into the manufacture
of shoes, clothing and other things.
"There is a magnificent water power at
Folsom. There is a bill now before the
Legislature to consolidate the two prisons,
and when these 2100 men are confined to
gether, the cry will go up, "What shall we
do with oui prisoners? They are biting
their finger-nails and suffering from de
mentia.'
''I say let them bite their finger-nails.
The problem is not how we can era
ploy the convicts, but now we can keep
our honest laboriug men employed."
The following resolutions were then put
and adopted :
The peoi.lo of San Francisco in mass-meet
ing asst'uibk-<:, do unanimously adopt the fol
lowing resolutions:
That we indorse the Southwick bill, now
pending in Congress, which prohibits the
transportation of convict-made goods from,
one State to another.
That we also indorse the bill now before the
Legislature known as House bill 282 and that
we ask all legislators to support the measure,
and that the secretary of. this meeting be and
is hereby requested to forward a copy of this
resolution to each member of the Legislature
now at Sacramento.
A. j. Oliver voted no and asked permis
sion to speak, which was accorded him.
He said he had opposed the resolution
as a halfway measure and was in favor of
prohibiting all convict labor.
Sam McK.ee, a member of the Molders'
"EXAMINER" CORRESPONDENTS- A YARD OF DAISIES.
Union, was called for. He enthusiastic
ally indorsed the measure and saw in
it a hopeful sign of an understand
ing between the manufacturer and
tlie laborer. "Let us take what they have?
done as an earnest of what they may do,"
he said, "and I believe that every honest
mechanic here to-nicht will heartily in
dorse everything that has been done
here."
Mr. Ponntag stated that personally he
was opposed to ali convict labor.
ASSOCIATED INDUSTRIES.
The Council Moves In Opposition
to Convict Competitive Labor.
An important meeting of the Council of
Associated Industries was held in the
rooms of the Manufacturers' and Pro
ducers' Association yesterday afternoon,
at whicti the question of convict
labor was the chief matter of dis
cussion. Julian Sonntag, president of
the association, was in tho chair, and
the other members present were James
W, Ksrr and M. J. Keller of the Manufac
turers' and Proctucer.-s' Association, J. A.
Fiicher of the State Board of Trade, E. A. I
Denicke and P. J. Healy of the Mechanics'
Institute. L. F. Lastreto of the Chamber of
Commerce, isador Jacobs of the San
Francisco Fruit Excliance and \V. W.
Montague of the Miners' Association.
The SoutLwick bill, providing against
the transportation of convict-made goO'is i
from one State to another, was favorably |
discussed, but no action was taken, as the 1
bill has already been officially approved
by the council.
Mr. Sonntag called attention to the fact !
that Warden Aull of Folsora was spend- |
ing his time lobbying at Sacramento for j
more machinery to operate the stone I
quarries ac the penitentiary more exten
sively.
A discussion of the pending bill in re
card to the disposi'ion ol the product of
the Folsom quarry followed. This bill, as
originally prepared, provided that the
stone was oniy to be used on coun ty road«.
in committee it was altered to read "pub
lic roads or highways." The council op
posed this change, as it desires to prevent
the sale of crushed rock to City con
tractors, who use it in competition with i
tho free-labor product.
J. \V. Kerr and P. J. Heal y spoke in fa
vor of presenting a biil to do away with
the use of machinery in the penitentiaries.
Oscar Lewis, who has been looking after
ihe interests of the associated industries
at Sacramento, declared thatsucha meas
ure would meet with much resistance, as
the State had put $30,000 in the quarry at
Folsom.
On motion of Isidor Jacobs, the amend
ment providing that Folsom stone should
be used only on country roads was in
dorsed.
The pending bill, making it obligatory
upon persons having goods for sale,
wholly or partially made by convict labor,
plainly labeled with the name of the
place and the date of their production,
was favorably discussed.
A bill providing for the appropriation
of $300,000 for the improvement of the
river channels of the State was unani
mously approved.
SPORT OF ALL KINDS.
Officers of the California Wing Shoot
ing Club— lluMfhall at Central
Park.
The annual meeting of the California
Wing Snooting Club was held last even
ing at 139 Post street and the following
officers were elected: Dr. S. E. Knowles,
president; A. Koose, vice-president; C.
A. Haight, secretary and treasurer; di
rectors — H. F. Wagner, M. O. teudner,
LR.D, Grubb. The first shoot will be
held on March lat Ingleside. The club
will hold monthly shoots on the first
Sunday of each month.
The Olympic Gun Club will hold Its first
shoot of the season on its new grounds at
Ingleside on February 21 and 22. Live
biTds and bluerocks will be used.
The Lincoln Gun Club will hold its
opening shoot of the season at the Pacific
Tourney grounds on the 28th inst.
A meeting of the Fly-casting Club will
be held in the Flood building next Tues
day evening.
The Olympic Gun Club will give a
ladies' night at 1309 Van Ness avenue on
Tuesday evening, the 9th inst Members
and their lady friends will be given a
pleasant welcome.
The secretary of the Southern Cali
fornia Kennel Club writes that the next
bench show will be held in Los Anceles
14th to 17in April, inclusive. J/Otis
Fellows will judge all classes and Frank
Ingai;s will superintend. The premium
list will be ready about the middle of this
month.
The bench show committee consists of
Messrs. Casey, Bright, Schumacher, Mur
pny and Franzee.
If the weather be at all pleasant
this afternoon the lovers of baseball
will have an opportunity of seeing the
Piute Indians and the Alameda Alern
play ball at Central Park. No doubt a
larze attendance will be present, as there
is much interest manifested in the game
among those who are anxious to see the
Indians play ball.
The tennis-players of this City will hold
a tournament on Washington's birthday
at the grounds of the California Tennis
Club. Several practice games will be
played between now and the day of the
contests.
Kd Clark of me Columbia Athletic Club,
823 Golden Gate avenue, challenge* Harry
Gelder of the Oakland Athletic Club to
wrestle him a match, beat two in three
falls, caich-as-catch-can, at 125 pounds,
for the feather-weight championship.
The statistic* of li c insurance people
show that in tee last twenty-five years the
average of man's life has increased 5 per
cent, or two whole year", Irwtu 41.9 to 43.9
years.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 7, 1897.
WITHIN GRASP
OF MILLIONS
Death of F. Hinckley, the
Husband of Florence
Blythe.
Succumbed to an Operation in
Portland, Or , Yesterday
Morning.
His Widow and Dr. Palmer Left This
C.ty at 7 o'Clcck Fr.day Ni^ht,
but Too Late to B; of Service.
Florence Blythe-Hinckley is a widow.
Her young husband, Fritz W. Hincklev,
died in Portland, Or., yesterday from the
effects of a surgical operation performed
by Drs. H. S., Clarence and A. S. Nichols,
three brothers, and Pr. Jeffards, all of
Portland, who were called in to attend
him by his brother, Harry G. Hinckley,
who acrompanied him on h'n trip to Salt
Lake. The Hinckley brothers took this
trip with the avowed purpose of recupera
tion to Fritz, who had been complaining
for some time previously.
They went direct from this City to Fait
Lake, but on their arrival there Fritz's
condition grew worse, and it was deter
mined on the part of the brothers to take
the northern route to Portland and the
steamer from that point home, in the
FRITZ W. HINCKLEY
hope that a short sea trip would benefit
the sick man. But before Portland was
reached his condition became much worse,
and on Tuesday nleht, the day they left
Salt Lake on the Union Pacific. Hinckley
complained of a pain in his stomach, but
thought notning of it until it grew so se
vere that it alarmed his brother, who had
hopes that it would pass off, as did three
other somewhat similar attacks which he
had experienced during the past year and
which had been diagnosed as appendicitis.
On each of those occasions he recovered
without baying to have recourse ;o the
surgeon's knife. Thinking it was a recur
rence of the old complaint his brother
consulted a doctor at one of the towns
they passed through and bad him treat
Hinckley. When they dropped the first
doctor they took anotner ai the next town,
and so on until reaching Portland yester
day morning, when the best sureical aid
was at once called in. Hinckley's condi
tion grew alarmingly worse every nour,
ana after a consultation of surgeons an
operation was determined upon, which
was performed by Dr. Herbert S. Nichols,
assisted by his brother?, Dr. Clarence
Nichols and Dr, A. "S. Nichols, and Dr.
Jeffards. and was for appendicitis and
peritonitis combined.
The opemtion was performed about mid
night on Friday at the Portland Hotel,
and was considered to have been very suc
cessful so far as the operation itself is
concerned, but it had been delayed too
long and the patient was in such a crit
ical condition that but little hopes were
entertained for his recovery.
The attending physicians agreed that
had the case reached them earlier and in
aless feverish and aggravated condition,
incident to the motion of the cars and
mixed treatment, the chances of recovery
would have been almost certain. But,
unfortunately, fate seemed to will it the
other way. For on the run to Portland
the Oregon Railway and Navigation
freight train that was derailed at Colum
bia oeach blocked the train upon which
Hinckley and his brotner were, and they
were tied up at Bonneville for twenty
lour hours, the sick man not being able
to undergo the transfer. When he arrived
in Portland Le was in an - xceedinjily dan
«erouj and exhausted condition. His
brother's nerves were so wrought up that
he was almost ill him-elf. r lhe sick man
was removed to the hotel, where the opera
tion was performed.
As soon as Dr. Nichols found the condi
tion of bia putient growing worse a con
sultation of eight oi the most prominent
physical)!) in the City was held. The re
sult of the consultation afforded, as I)r.
Nichols had expected, little hope of his
recovery. A quantity of foreign matter
was removed, but the vermiform appendix
wa.3 not taken out, gangrene having set
in. After the operation death was con
sidered inevitable.
The condition of Mr. Hinckley had been
regularly wired to his heartbroken young
wife at her residence, 1221 California
street, by Harry Hinckley, and when the
last dispatch arrived at 6 o'clock in the
afternoon of Friday Mrs Hinckley de
cided to proceed to Portland to assist her
husband in every way within tier power,
taKinu Dr. Palmer, her family physician,
with her. Both of them started on the 7
o'clock train on that evening, but before
reaching their destination death hud
claimed her Fritz.
Fritz W. Hinckley and Florence Blythe
were married on the 21st of September,
1892, at a period when the youn»; m.lJion
aire was in considerable doubt as to
whether she would be declared the iegal
heiress to her father's enormous estate.
At that time almost every young man
in town was laying siege to the youn?
lady's heart, but from among them all
Fritz Hinck.ey was chosen.
At the time of his death he did not own
or control in his own name one dollar's
worth of property belonging to his wife's
fcs<a:e.
Mr. Hinckley's father and two brothers —
Harry G. and Ed — reside in Oakland at
the elegant mansion of the Graysons,
whose daughter is the wife of Harry G.
Hinckley.
Mrs. Hinckley, the mother of the de
ceased, died about tbr^e years ago, since
which time Mr. Hinckley senior has re
sided with his son Hurry.
The body of Fritz Hinckley is to arrive
in this City on Monday, accompanied by
the widow and brother, at which time ar
rangements for the fnnernl will be made.
PORTLAND, Or.. Feb. a— The remains
of Fred Hinckley lelt for San Francsco
this evening on the Southern Pacific flyer
accompanied by his brother Harry. Mrs.
Hinckfey will be picked up at Shasta
Springs and accompany her late hus
band's remains the rest of the journey.
Funerftl services will be held at the family
residence on California street, while the
interment will be in Mountain View Cem
etery, Oakland.
CLARK A WITNESS.
The Valet of Senator Fair Tells of
Some ISusincfsn Transactions Three
Yeara Ago.
Herbert Clark, who was at one time the
valet and handy man of business for
Senator Fair, was the witness yesterday
morning in the Cooney perjury case.
ClarK was called to s»y mat on Septem
ber 27, IS9I, the date of the Cooney cer
titicuieson the pencil deeds, he had no
recollection of the millionaire making any
business engagements except to seuie the
details of a loan for friends pending iv the
Mutual Savings Bank.
The case will be resumed on Tuesday,
when Clark will be cross-examined.
Suits for Divorce.
Sails for divorce have been filed in the Supe
rior Court as follows: Charlotte Miller against
Robert Miller, for cruelty; Anna R. Williams
against Michael Williams, for cruelty; George
D. Campbell against Mattie Campbell, for de
sertiou ; Emma Gaubatz against G.D. Gaubatz,
for deseriion; Joseph Buzzini against Marie
Orsola Buzzini, for desertion ; Elizabeth Cour
meen against John L-Courmeen, for cruelty.
Mayor Phelan to Address Young Men.
The special evening for salesmen and clerks
at the Young Men's Christian Association,
next ThnrsdHj evening, will be addressed by
Mayor Phelan. A musical programme will be
given by the Columbia Orchestra, Knicker
bocker Quart? t, Professor Loui Crepuux, mem
ber of the Paris Grand Opera. Professor C. B.
Ne\v:ou, humorist, will give readings. A
great deal of Interest is being manifested.
Bleached buck towels, hemmed and red
border to close out al City of Paris. •
RULE THE DESTINY
OF THE FUR SEAL
Justice King, British Mem
ber of the Sealing Com
mission, Here.
He I 3 Accompanied by Various
Attaches of the Interna-
tional Eody.
Don M. Dickinson to Arrive To-Day.
Evidence of C a?ms to the Value
of $500,000
Snpreme Justice King of Canada, British
Sealing Commissioner, Mrs. King and
Miss Roma King; Premier Frederick
Peters of Prince Edward Island, who is
Queen's counsel and chief British counrel
for the commission; T. L. Beipue, Q. C,
associate counsel, and Official Reporters
T. P. Owen of Canada and Cscil Clay and
Remnel Small of Maine, were among the
arrivals at the Palace yesterday.
They came from Victoria, B. C, where
they hays been in session since November
24 in hearing claims of sealers for losses
of vessels. A mass of evidence has been
collected which would till many printed
volumes. The entire commission, with
the attaches, is as follows:
Justice \V. L. Putnam, United States
Circuit Judge of Maine, United States
Commissioner ; Justice King of the Su
preme Court of Canada, British Commis
sioner; Don M. Dickinson, ex-Post
master General, chief counsel for the
United States; Frederick Peters, Queen's
Counsel, Pre nner of Prince Edward Island,
chief British counsel ; F. L. Beique, Q. C,
assistant British counsel, Montreal; Sir
Ch arles Hibbert Tupper, who represented
the Can«dinn sealers; Ernest V. Bcdwell.
junior British counsel, Viotorin, B. C. ;
Kobert Lansing, Watertown. N. V., as
sistant counsel for United States; C. P.
Anderson of New York, secretary of the
commission; T. P. Owen, Cecil Clay and
Reiuuel Small, court reporters; C. B.
Warren, associate counsel for the United
States; Mr. Bodweli, associate counsel for
Great Britain.
Don M. Dickinson, who has been Post
master-General and who is the chief coun
sel for the United States in the commis
sion, will arrive here to-day. Mr. Bod
well has remained in Victoria, so it was
explained, to assist in preparing the
British argument
Justice Kins, who was seen last nieht,
said the claims presented approached
$500,000 in ail. On June 1«, as he stated,
another session of t:ie commission would
be held in Montreal, where the various
members will be gathered together again.
The commission has been in session
continuous y sincg November, and a vast
n mount of work has been done. Justice
King seems a very able Commissioner.
He is very pleasant to meet.
"We shall all leave on Monday for the
East by way of Opden and Denver, except
Mr. Beique, and Messrs. Owen, Clay and
Small," said the Justice; "they will return
East by *ay of New Orleans. Mr. Dickin
son wanted to come down with us here,
but he was unavoidably delayed for a
day."
The entire party thus far arrived are at
the Paiace. justice King and his family
will attend Trinity Church to-day.
STREETCAR FARES.
Railroad Employes to Petition the
Legislature Against Any
Redaction.
A larpely attended meeting of delegates
from the different street railroads within
the City was held last nignt in the car*
house, Twenty-ninth and Mission streets.
\V. C. Carpenter was appointed chairman
of the meeting and \V. C. Cook secretary.
A petition, which was circulated among
the employes on Friday ani was signed
by over 3000, was presented to the meet
ins. It would have been signed by all the
employes if there had been time.
The petition reads as follows:
. To the Hc.norab'e the Members of the Legisla-
Gentlemen : . We, the undersigned em
ployes of the various street railroads in opera
tion within the limits of the City and County
of San Francisco, respectfully represent as fol
lows:
That fully 5000 men are at present in the
employ of '.he various 6lreet railroads within
this City and County.
That the wages paid to employes by the con
trolling corporations are barely sufficient to
supply the necessities of life under present
conditions, especially to tnose who have fami
lies dependent upon them.
That the matter now under consideration by
your honorable boay, wnereby it is proposed
to reduce the rate of fares on streetcars, is
detrimental to the interest and welfare of
every street-railroad employe, inasmuch hs
the passage of such a measure would entail a
corresponding reduction in the scale of wages
paid to employes by the various companies,
aDd. ■ ■ •
'Firmly believing that such would be the re
sult, we therefore humbly petition your hon
orable body to reject this and any such meas
ure that may be presented for your consid
eration. - •..;-•.,
luo following were appointed a delega
tion to proceed to Sacramento and pre
sent the petition :
W. C. Carpenter, motornaan; Frank
Bell, erinnian; G. A. Grimes, timer; E. E.
Hardy, niotorman; J. C. Sautelle, motor
man; L. W. Hollingswort'i, motorman;
J. T. Millar, conductor; P. J. Manning,
grioman; William C. Cook, conductor.
The delegation will leave this afternoon
by the 4 o'clock train.
FEENOH MUSIOALE.
-Delightful Entertainment in Honor of
Wins de Veiling.
Mrs. Rose French gave a matinee
musicale at her residence, 1617 Jackson
street, yesterday afternoon.
The purpose was to allow a number of
Mrs. French's lady friends an opportunity
to meet Miss de Veiling, State organizer
of the W. C. T. U. for California.
Mrs. French's spacious par'ors were full
to their utmost and the programme ren
dered by volunteer artists was well ar
ranged. Tho«e participating were Miss
Graham, vocalist, formerly of L>s Ange
les; the Alta Ladies' Quartet; Miss Maud
NEW TO-DAT. •
VICTORY IS WON,
I Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt Has Won the Favor of People Who
Are Tired of Drugging— lt Is Used in Every Town
and Hamlet in the Country, and Its Cures
> Number Over 30,000.
Don't make an apothecary- 005fiy^k"S* / ' Nature is true to herself and
shop of your poor stomach. <*S^|i|%%£^ . supplies us with the means of
especially if you want to live—^jfi^ iji~l^£lr regaining health that has been
long. Drugs give no perma- — 'l^l^JOC wasted. -tlectrlcity come*
nent relief and their presence C^^iW^^^ from nature, and its cure is
in your system is injurious. ''•^t"T^V natural and permanent.
T)R. SANDEN'S ELECTRIC BELT IS AN APPLIANCE THAT GIVES SPARKS
- L ' ot life into your nerves. Sparks that you feel. Its power is felt upon the surface
of the body in one moment. It permeates every vital function of your body. Every
lecturer on the public platform, every physician of note, every scientific work that
you read, tells you that "Electricity is Life." Every element of your being gives
dnmonstration of the truth of this assertion. It is a fact. No one doubts it. With
your vital nerves and blood charged with this electric force there is no chance for
disease, no placeior weakness. It is the fundamental principle of vigorous manhood
and womanhood. Where it is disease cannot be.
Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt infuses a continuous flow of electricity . into the body
for hours at a time. Every moment that the Belt is on the body its spamling
vitalizing powers are felt penetrating the nerve tissues, filling them with new life*
new, healthy vigor, and charging the blood with the vital force which nature in
childhood b stowed upon the body. Thousands of grateful patients testify to the
curative powers of Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt. None are too well to be aided by this
wonderful appliance, as it brings the human body as near the goal of perfection in
vital force as it ever can get. . None are too low to be aided by it, as it can take as a
foundation the smallest spark of vitality and build upon it the fullest perfection of
vigorous manhood. If you are weak, sick or crippled see this Belt at once and a
test of its power and a look at the volume after volume of proof of its cures will con
vert you to the altar of nature's truths, and health will be youra from this wonderful
appliance. . ;- ••"■■■'.
Another Wonderful Cure.
DR. A. T. SANDEN, SAN FRANCISC °. <^, Feb. 4, 1897.
.o « Dear Sir: Wh n * bou S ht y° ur Belt I h *d doctored for a year, payine one doctor
$250 for treatment. I had severe pains all over my body, and espeSy !n my back!
inK B °Nn r rU £ d ° Wn a d S ° We n k / r ° m Beminal emi3si °Q* *s to be entirely unfit for
Too hi^Wv 'Vn,? T T anS? nS y ° Ur elt> lam entirely Cured and cannot recommend it
too highly. Yours truly, . JOHN LUNN, 12 Sacramento street.
A Doctor's Advice.
«on^ ne f the reaS ° nS ° r the great success of Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt is tne per
sonal. attention w ich Dr. Sanden gives to his patients. Before applying the Bait
every patient is given a thorough examination, free of charge, to determine tne na--
\ nJX^ % C ° mP laint ' Bnd aurins the treatment Dr. Sanden spares no pains to cause
JnH n " nd P ermanent . QI *' This free examination is of'kreat value to the patient
and Dr. Sanden, with his thirty years of medical experience, is qualified tossy
frankly what the effects of his Belt will be. In no case will a Belt bo applied where
it cannot do good, as Dr. Sanden has always dealt with his patients on the principle
t£» on cur IS the mean 9 Of selliD twenty more Baits, and he prefers nbt to sell a
Belt rather than sellone where it will do no good. , : »
♦w - yO U , fee , 1 that y? v need °>IP. call on him, and he will tell you franklywhethor
there is h< p for you in his Electric Belt Consultation and examination free If you
by D mail C a 1 e Bendforh «' late illustvated book, "Three Classes of Men," sent,. sealed
SA.NDEN"; EljiEOTniO 00.,
MARKET ST., OPPOSITE PALACE HOTEL, SAN FRANCISC3.
fcOl.t.-AtuJte no mlsuke in uumi*r-63S Market street ■".
Noble, who executed a trombone solo;
Miss Lillian Featberstone, pianist: Miss
M. Featnerstone, Miss Hattie Martin,
Mrs. Kuighm and Mi^s Board man, elocu
tionists; and Miss Mildred Clark, vocalist.
Miss de Veiling made an effective ad
dress. Light refreshments were served.
TREADWELL LITIGATION.
Calvin F. Summers Attempt* to Obtain
514.000 .Now on Deposit.
Calvin F. Summers has sued the Call*
fornia Savings and Loan Society, George
Heazelton, executor of the estate of Mabel
Tread well, Maud Nolan, Joseph Nolan
and H. C. Summers, for $14,001 95. The
cause of suit grows out of a deposit made
by the Treadwell estate managers in the
savings bank mentioned in the complaints
The plaintiff avers that the defendant,
claim an interest in the money, and he
a*ks that their claim be declared null and
void.
It is estimated that 90.0C0 pianofortes
are manufactured every year in London
alone.RICH MEN CHARGED
WITH BIG FRAUD
James Eva and H. J. Barl
ing Accused of Acts
of Conspiracy.
Secret Negotiations Alleged in
the Sale of Alaska Salmon
Canneries.
The Amount of the Swag Stated to
Be $164,000 for Two Eminent
Firanci.'rs.
. A sensational law?ulf, implicating a
.. number of prominent business men and
. capitalists, was instituted in the Superior
Conrt yesterday.
. "-. ' The complaint was filed by Attorneys
• • Page, McCutcheon and Kells on behalf of
. the plaintiffs, Bartlett Doe, W. J. Gray,
Thomas Pollard, Tallant Banking Com
.. .pany, W. 8. Thompson, B. H. Madison,
Martin Madison, M. J. Madison and
• -James Aladison, against the defendants,
'-.' James Eva, H. J. Barling, Alaska Im
..'. provement Company, Alaska Packers*
•• Association, W. B. Bradford, J. Pentecost,
/ ' X J. Eva and William Chft, and alleges
traud and conspiracy, demands an ac
' countine, ask 3 for the appointment of a
 '. receiver and rrays that a mandate be
• "issued by the Superior Court forbidding
;• the defendants from pursuing their plans
Jf»r carrying out the scneme in which
they are alleged to have been engaged.;
, The coin plaint sets forth that the is
: sued capital stock of the Alaska Improve
' ment Company is divided into 25,000
•■ shares of the par value of $10 each, of
■which shares the plaintiffs herein 077n
11,625 shares (except that the Tallant
Banking Company is pledgee of 2450
shares owned by James Madison); that
the defendants, James Eva and Barling,
. together with Clift and a son of James
' Eva, own 12,700 shares of the stock; that
. with the aid of Cii:t and Eva's son James
'.. Ev"a and Barling have been able to con
trol- and have controlled and do now cun
• trol the board of directors of the com
pany, and elect four out of the seven mem
-.- befs of the board of directors; that James
„ Evais and for a long time has been the
president of the corporation, find that
Barring is the superintendent; that the
, Alaska Improvement Company, until the
- sa,le thereof, was the owner of fisheries,
canneries, vessels, lands and other valu
/abie property at Karluk, on Kadiak
• Island, Alaska, and at Bristol Bay,
•. Alaska.
. Tn* beginning of the alleged conspiracy
is then brought out in tne statement that
■■.a't'a meeting of the board of directors of the
;• Alaska Improvement Company in San
Francisco on the 23d ot last December,
•. James Eva and Barling were at their own
""••request appointed a committee to nego
tiate, a sale of ail the property of the
..'•Alaska Improvement Company to the
Alaska Packers' Association on the best
' '•' te'ms so be obtained.
On the 29th of December Secretary Pen
tecost was added to the conimittee, and
'. the committee was empowered to arrange
a.'sale and report the same to the directors
v -.of the corporation. Thereafter, on the sth
•'.of lai'. month the committee, composed of
<tnies Eva, Barling and Pentecost, re-
Ttrd that they had nesotiated for the
sale, to the Alaska Packers' Association all
• of the property of the Alaska Improv««
. ment Company (except bills receivable,
■ money anu canned salmon on hand) for
4p] 6,000, the Packers' Association agree
. -.me to pay $31,000 additional for materials
•a:;d provisions at the canneries. ■
I '•'. Relying on the report ot the committtee
. and the personal, assurances of James
I Eva, Barling and Pentecost, the board of
•" directors ol the Alaska Improvement
Company authorized the signing of the
Contract for the sale and transfer of the
.-. property..
. .' Then came the surprise, for the com
*•" plaint avers that the report of James Eva
,„ and Barling was untrue and fabricated,
. and that the agreement was not genuine,
but was made for tbe purpose of imposing
on the board of directors of the Alaska
Impro%'£ment Company; that the Alaska
• .Packing Association was, in fact, willine
• to pay and actually agreed to pay the
. • committee $300,000 for the property ln
" stead of $136,000. as was falsely reported
•by the committee.
•' ' In the meantime the sale had been com
j pleted and deeds lor the property were ex
ecuted and delivered to the purchaser, the
. sum of $52,250 in cash having been pnid
\ on account to the improvement company.
•In addition to the payment to the im
provement company it is asserted that
623, shares of the Packers' Associntion,'
' worth 164,800, have been i3»ue.l to W. B.
Bradford as tru-tee for James Eva and H.
'*, J.- Barling, or one of them.
• • According to the view of plaintiffs it is
the intention of James Eva and J. H. Bar
.. ling to take and appropriate to their own
use m fraud of the rights of the Alaska
' Improvement Company the sum of $1G4,
--000, including the stock of the Packers'
• Association before mentioned.
At the last election of the Alaska Im
provement Company, J:imes Eva, 8. J.
Eva, William. Clift, James Pentecost, W.
'. J. Gray, Thomas Pollard and M. J. Madi
• son" were cho-eu as directors. Gray, Pol
lard'and Madison being the nominees of
. Jame* Eva. who was elected President.
The $52,250 received 'or the canneries wes
distributed as dividends, and James Eva
• and Barling look their ratahle proportion,
'. and unless restrained by the court will re
ceive a like proport : on oi future pavmenta
for the property, in addition to $104,000
.that they are to obtain by reason of their
i.al«e report in regard to the purchase
. price.
s>"o demand has been, made on the board
. of directors of the Alaska Improvement
. Company for reparation, it is explained,
because it would be useless to do so, as
'- James Eva control* the board.
The. court is asked to declare tbe
stock in Bradford's possession to be held by
him in trust for tne Alaska Improvement
Company and to restrain the payment
of further dividends until the lull sum of
. ..$300,000 is secured from the purchaser. In
ihe meantime it fs demanded that a re
. cciver shall be appointed and that the
'.Packers' Association shall pay the pur
• chase price to the receiver and not to
James Eva and Bar! in-:. .
KIDNAPED HIS CHILD.
Frank I* Taylor Left the State aud Is
in G'tntrmpt of Court.
'•Judge Hebbaid yesterday made an
order adjudging Frank L. Taylor in con
tempt of court for not producing his
daughter in court at the time ordered.
Taylor's wife obtained a divorce several
years ago nnd was awarded the custody of
the-.cjuld Loi«. to whom Taylor is greatly
attached. He obiainea permission to
keep her at his home for a time and was
to have produced i.er in Judge Hebbard's
court yesterday morninß.
Instead of doing that he sent a letter to
Frank Fallon, his attorney, in which he
said that if he lost custody of hi 3 child
again he would be led to do somedespe
■r.iie deed, so to prevent trouble be thought
it best to 1< aye the State. It is not known
where Taylor has gone, but it is supposed
that he la in Chicago.
■ » ♦ •
JOst opened at the City of Paris— Printed
lenoa and woven striped lawns, 10c yard..*
* • ■ '■" ■
Mme. Lafeoillade*
GRAND OPERA
HERE IN MARCH
A Big Parisian Company
to Give Twenty Per-
formances.
Wealthy Citizens Back of the
Project With a Guarantee
of $ifo,ooo
Five Performances a Week at the
California T.ieater— Seats to
Be $i. $2 and $3
San Francisco is to have grand opera by
a fine French opera company from Paris.
Ihere will be twenty operas in all. 'Five
wiil be given each week for fonr consecu
tive weeks. The first will be presented
between the 10th and 14th of March. All
the operas will be given in the California
Theater.
The price of seats will be $1, $2 and $3.
A number cf the most prominent
wealthy men in the City are interesting
themselves in the project. Among them
are Henry tcott, E. W. Hopkins, Joseph
D. Grant, Mayor James D. Pbelan, Henry
S. Crocker, William M. Newhall and
others, including persons prominent in
the local French colony.
This preliminary meeting was held at 4
o'clock yesterday afternoon. They at
once decided personally and with the
assistance of several other men to offer a
guarantee of $40,000 to the French Opera
Company now in New Orleans.
That company has between 125 and 130
performers.
It win cost approximately the amount
of the guarantee fund for the twenty
operas and the railroad and other ex
penses of tbe company.
The proposition was first submitted to
At Hayman, the theatrical manager, but
the project was deemed too expensive as a
pure business venture.
The guarantors do not, of course, seek
to profit personally lrom the undertaking.
They hope that it may be sutliciemlr suc
cessful to render the use of the guarantee
fund or any part of it unnecessary. At
the reasonable prices decided upon it will
be necessary to play to full houses. The
California Theater accommodates about
1500 persons.
On an average $2)00 will have to be
taken in each nigot in order to raise
$40,000 for the twenty operas.
Arrangements have already been made
with Ai Bouvier to present tne operas ai
the California.
The French opera company now in New
Orleans is, according to the critics, tbe
best that has been heard there iv the last
twenty years.
It is cuitomory with New Orleans, com
paratively isolated as it is and having
many residents of French descent, to have
some large Parisian opera company come
over each year for a season of grand opera. |
It is hoped that the experiment here
may result in the creation of a popular
taste that wiil become a demand fu# such
music
The company that is billed to come
here Is completely equipped. All the
operas will be sung in French, and in
French alone.
Some of the singers of the laree com
pany are: Mme. Berthet, Mme. Fre
mieau-Benati, Mme. Feedere, Mme. Sa
vine, Mme. Lafeuiliade, Mme. Beliet, M.
Massaret, M. Albers, M. Prevost, M.
Atbers, M. Freich.
The company's repertoire of operas is as
follows: "La Juive," ••L'Africame." "Les
Dragons de Villars," "Sigurd," "Rigo
letto." "Le Chalet," "Faust," "Cavaileria
Rusticaua,' : "William Tell," '-Miss Hel
yett," "La Filledu Regiment," "La Navar
raise," "Carmen," "II Trovatore," "Le?
Husuenots," "La Mascotte," ''Aida,"
"Mignon," "I Pagliacci," "Tannhauser,"
"Traviata."
LEAGUE OP TH£ CROSS
An Kssay Contest to Take Place in Sa
cred Heart 1 arigh.
The regular quarterly rally of the
League of the Cross ot Sacred Heart
Parish will be held at the church ball to
morrow evening. The annual essay con
test will then take place and a spirited
competition is assured. The successful
essayist will represent his parish at the
district rally to be held in April next.
The judges are Miss Mary E. Donnelly,
vice-principal of the Hearst Grammar
School; Miss Josie T. Malloy, grand secre
tary of the Young Ladies' Institute, and
Paul B. E3y.
The subject of the essay is, "What
Drunkenness Costs.' Tlie participants
will bo from the junior branch of the
parish and from Company D, League oi
the Cross Cadets, which latter organiza
tion, under command of Captain James J.
Mcßride, will attend in full uniform.
Sacred Heart College . Orchestra will
render the music on the occasion and
other attractive features will be presented.
Admission will be free, but attendance is
restricted to boys over 12 years of age and
to adult persons.
TWO CHAIRS AND A DESK.
Fimt Named Article* I'ost 854, and Are
tsed by th« Police.
The till for revolving chairs for the
Southern polico atation, to which excep
tion was taken by the Health and Police
Committee of the Board of Supervisors
last week, contained one other item. The
articles billed were as follows: One double
office dc-k, $50; two revolving char?, $54.
The last item was the one that staggered
Supervisor Rottanzi, who considered
chairs at $27 each rather steer. Tne oiil
was rendered by W. S. Nolan <fe Co. It is
still held under consideration. The chairs
were selected by Captain John Spiliane.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 7, 1897.
Mine. Fremkau Eenati.
IN HONOR OF
A LONG REIGN
British Will Celebrate Vic
toria's Diamond Anni-
versary.
Day of Jubilee for Sixty Years
as Ruler of tbe English
Peop'e.
The Funds Will Be Used for a Ma
ternity Ward or Hospital for
Deserving Women.
A number of British residents of San
Francisco met in tbe marble room of the
Palace Hotel yesterday to take steps look
ing to the celebration of Qjieen Victoria's <
! diamond jubilee this year.
The meeting was called to order by j
Consul Warburton and the meeting em- j
| powered him to appoint a committee to i
I make all arrangements necessary to a
! proper celebration of the fact of the
i Queen's reign of sixty years.
Several speeches were made by promi- |
| nent British residents, and all said they
i were in favor of taking such steps as ;
would redound to the credit of the lovers
Sf 'the grand old Queen."
William E. Doxey, as president of the \
I British Benevolent Association, reported
i that the Victoria Hospital Association ,
had left a fund of $7000 with the British j
Benevolent Society and the St. Andrew's
Society, half with each; that the interest i
was to be used for hospital purposes, and I
that the funds were safely intact for the
purposes prescribed.
It was the general sense of the meeting
that the diamond jubilee be celebrated in ':
some imposing manner, so that tbe fund
therefrom nii^tu exceed that celebrated at
the golden jubilee at Woodward's Garden
ten years ai:o.
For the purpose of reaching the desired
end a permanent organization was ef
fected, with the follow ine officers: Cbair-
I man. Consul Warburton ; vice-president,
F. W. Brandon; second vice-presideui,
George F. Butler; third vice-president, R.
B. Furman.
Speeches were made by the Rev. W. W.
Bolton, George F. Butler, William E.
Doxey, J. Pope and others.
Before adjournment the chairman was
authorized to appoint a committee of fifty
to take eo tire charge of tbe forthcoming
diamond jubilee. The appointment of the
committee will be completed this week.
It is the purpose of those in charge of the
affair to make it imposing in every parti
cular and to raise a large fund. It is
probable that several thousand dollars
will be raised for tbe maintenance of a
maternity ward at the California Women's
Hospital. _____________
HASKELL GETS THE AX.
Populists Turn Against Their
Late Leader With a
Vengeance.
R»so utions Adopted Condemning the
Policy of the Spring Val ey
Water Company.
A warrant for the political suppression
of Burnette Ot. Haskelt, erstwhile "boss,"
was signed at a meeting of the Populist
County Committee, held last night at
915)4 Market street.
The trouble began when he secured an
office a few weeks ago immediately act
joininc the room with "People's party
headquarters, hours from 9 a. m. to 5 p. M."
on the door in the Murphy building. This
was regarded as a strategic move to se
cure legal prestige by continuity to the
headquarters of the party, and so a few
leading spirits quietly scratched the words
"People's party headquarters" off the
door, leaving only the office hours re
maining.
To complete Haskell's discomfiture it
was decided last night to remove the
headquarters to Home other building, and
J. H. Porter, W. Gofl and W. E. Walker
were appointed a committee of three to
look up new quarters and report at the
next meeting. The ostensible object of
removal was "to secure more commodious
apartments." ,
"The only other item of Interest which
occurred at the meeting was the adoption
of a drastic resolution condemning tne
ras and electric "trusts" and the Spring
Valley Water Company as "greedy cor
porations," and approving the action of
the Supervisors in examining the book* ot
the latter company.
ELECTRICAL WOBKERS.
They Gave a Successful Ball at Odd
Fellows' Hall.
The second annual ball of the Natienal
Brotherhood of Electrical Worsers, Local
Union No. 6, was held in Odd Fellows'
Hall last night. The ball was beautifully
illuminated for the occasion and there
was a large attendance of members with
their wives and sweethearts. The affair
was a great success in ever}' respect.
The committee of arrangements was
composed of F. N. Dodge, chairman; A.
C. Johns .in, B. J. Parker, W. N. Man nine,
W. L. Ben;ley; flonr manacer, B. J.
Parker; assistant, C. E. Masten; reception
committee, W. Forest, W. P. McPariand,
F. R. Beattie, A. A. Whiteiieid and W. A.
Cook.
Mme. Savine.
GRAND HARMONIES
AT GRACE CHURCH
Special Services to Be Held
This Evening on the
Hill.
S. Homer Henley and Frank
Coffin Will Be the Two
Soloists.
The Monthly Festival Will Introduce
lor the F.rst Time in America
Ford's "Motet."
The monthly festival service at Grace
Church to-night promises to be a most
j excellent one. There have been several
! additions to the choir, ana the music
! selected by Mr. Holt will include some of
| the most beautiful solos and quartets that
I have been heard here for some time.
The Motet Eighty-eighth Psalm, by
Ernest For!, will have solos for S. Homer
Heniey and Frank Coilin, and an unac-
I com paniei quartet. This will be its first
I rendition in America. Then there will be
! a tenor solo, "Babylon," by Watson,
; rendered by Frank Coffin ; then an
i anthem, "The Radiant Morn," sung by
: the full male choir; a barytone solo,
j "Hear, O Israi," S. Homer Henley; tenor
, solo and cuorus. "From Out the Eternal
Morn," Frank Coffin, with full chorus.
The cross-hearer will be Cyril H. Holt;
; first tenors, Frank Coflin, Phillip Rowe. I.
i M. bhawhan; second tenors, I. Edmund
I Jones, George St. John Bremner and
I Charles Henning; baritones, S. Homer
• Henley, George T. Balch, Cyril H. Holt,
N. B. Frisbie; bassos, William McDonald,
Samson E. Tucker and George H. Hook>*.
The organist and director, William H.
Holt, will play an organ solo by Wely.
There have been some alterations made
in the church. The screen around the
organ has been cut down and tbe panels
lowered, giving it a more cattiedral-like
appearance. The chancel has be-n rear
ranged ana two extra choir stalls put in.
The pulpit bad to be lowered about ten
inche* to make room for the extra stalls.
It is expected that a larger audience win
be present.
MARVELOUS ELECTRO MACHINE
Will Bo Used by Mi** Fleiahmann for
X Kay Investigation.
The first radiograph ever made on the
Pacific Coast with astatic electro machine
"a: made last week by Miss Elizabeth
Fleishmann at her laboratory at 1017 Oak
street. The result left no doubt of the
superiority of the stalic machine over the
ordinary induction coil and storage bat
tery. The pictures obtained were all that
could be desired in every way and were
produced in less time than by the method
in general use.
The machine referred to is the first of
its kind to arrive on the Pacific Coast,
and truly it is a marvelous piece of elec
tric construction. It will give ony known
kind of current and is so easily handled
that the electric enercy can be distrib
uted anywhere, in fact it is possible to
fill a room with the subtle fluid so that
sparks of fire will come from the walls and
furniture and any metal object will be
come a blaze of light.
But it is for making X-ray investiga
tions that Miss Fleishmann will u<e the
machine. It is much less work than by
tbe old method and so much more can be
accomplished. To make the picture of a
hand it is only necessary to place it in po
sition, connect the Crookes tube and turn
a handle for a few seconds. Tha. current
is generated by causing a number of glass
plates to revolve, which create what is
commonly known as "frictional" elec
tricity. This is connected with the tube
and makes the X rays.
Miss Fieishmann has been a conscien
tious student of the X rays for several
months and has done some of the best
work in the City. She has in mind sev
eral experiments of a most interesting
nature that are likely to throw some
light od the working of the senses. The
results will be made public from time to
time, and as she has one of tbe best outfits
in the country a great deal is to be ex
pected.
» ♦ •
BAY PIRATES AT SAUBALITO.
They Broke Into a Store on Friday and
Stole a Valuable Parrot.
Sausalito is at present suffering from
the depredations of a gang of bay pirates,
who have entered several stores during
the past few days and carried off booty
more or legs valuable.
Andrew Nic ols' oyster grotto was forci
bly entered on Friday night and sundry
liquors and cigars were stolen. Mrs.
Nichols is also deploring the lons of a pet
parrot, said to be worth at least $100.
Polly was a general favorite, and albeit
occasionally adaicted to strong language
directly attributable to nautical influ
ences, was on the whole a well-conducted
bird.
A few days before this the new post
oftice was broken into, but fortunately for
the Government there was nothing for
the thieves to steal, since the Dontoffice
material had not been removed from the
old quarters; otherwise the loss might
have been serious.
The local police visited all the ships in
the harbor yesterday, including the U. S.
S. Petrel, but could find no trace of the
robbers.
About a Diamond Ring.
L. Plamondon, a dealer in jewelry in the
Crocker building, swore to a complaint in
Judge Low's court yesterday charging H.
Boyle of Mill Valley with felony embezzle
ment, rinruoi.don alleges that Boyle got a
diamond ring from him on the promise that
he would purchase it, but he refuses to pay for
or return It.
WHITE LABOR
FOR HONOLULU
on Foot to Substitute
A Plan
American Help for
Oriental.
W. N. Armstrong of Hawaii
Corresponds With Commis
sioner Fitzgera'd.
The Island Government Sail to Favor
the Settlement of American
Citizens.
Labor Commissioner E. L. Fitzsrerald
states that he has a bis scheme on foot.
It is nothing less than enlisting the co
operation of the Hawaiian Government in
the substitution of American white labor
on the islands for that of Orientals, now
generally employed there.
The inception of this scheme grew out
of a visit to thts City of Labor Commis
sioner W. N. Armstrong of Honolulu on
his ricent return from Japan ana iv.rtu
eal, where he had been sent by his Gov
ernment to study the labor question.
On his return he called upon Labor
Commissioner Fitzgerald, and in a con
versation with him learned much re
garding the advantages to be gained by
the employment of white labor as against
that of Oriental on the low standard ot
European countries.
As soon as Mr. Armstrong arrived in
his island home he made his report to his
Government and also set forth the in
formation he had obtained in his inter
view with Mr. Fitzgerald.
So forcibly did he lay the facts before
his superiors that he was requested to
consult with the managers of the sugar
plantations and obtain their views upon
the question.
This he did, and the encouragement he
received from them caused him to write
the following letter to the Labor Commis
sioner in this City:
Honolulu, H. 1., Jan. 2S, 18D7.
E. L. Fitzgerald £*g., tan Francitco, Cat.— MY
Dear Sir: I stud 10 you a coiiv ol the Ha
waiian Advertiser, in which there is a notice
of your report. 1 am now doing editorial
work on the paper.
There is much interest taken here in the
employment pi white labor on Hie plantations.
One of the largest is now considering the ques
tion of putting up the buildings necessary ana
so luling ;o you lor families. I have advised
the managers to Invite you down here at once,
so that you could advise intelligently on the
subject. 1 beiieve this will be done.
I informed them that you might not be able
to come at once owing the need of your pres
ence In Sacramento. The managers believe
that the arraugemeuts lor white labor should
be such that it may work separately from
either Japanese or Chinese. All this will in
volve considerable expense, but I believe it
will bo willingly made.
Few here have faith that you can furnish
reliable laborers, and they "will watch the
experiment with much interest.
The lime for makinit contracts and the time
for planting cane is after the month of May, so
there it no pressure for time. I wouid be glad
to know at what lime you could leave ana visit
us In case the invitation is sent you. Sin
cerely yours, W. H. Armstrong.
The scheme uppermost in the rrnnd ol
Mr. Fitzgerald is to supplant 30,000 Japa
nese, 15,000 Portuguese and 14.000 Chi
nese laborers on t c sugar plantations
aud substitute white American help, mak
ing suitable arrangements with the plant
ers and also with the Government for
their comfort and protection.
Under the present agreement between
the Japanese and the Hawaiian Govern
ments the sum of $112 must be paid the
former Government by the latter for
evoiy laborer landed on the islands.
The object of the present negotiations
is that this or a greater sum .should be
distributed toward bringing white Ameri
can families from California to Hawaii to
work in the sugar and coffoe plantations.
The Sandwich Island Government is
now wrestling with a problem which is so
perplexing that action upon the same is
paralyzed. The Japanese Government is
on the verge of demanding enfranchise
ment of the 30.000 Japanese now num
bered among its population, a power
which if extended the right of suffrage
would overwhelm iv strength the com
bined efforts of all other lorces. Geo
graphically situated so as to render the
immigration of this class the most con
venient ita plantations are now operated
almost exclusively by Japanese hands,
and, with no restriction upon the hordes
yet to come, the strained condition of
affairs in that republic augurs no future
well-being.
As that condition exists in the islands,
whether to relieve a state of approaching
disorder or to open a traffic in cheap
labor, advances have been made, as above
stated, to have white American citizens
take their places and drive the Orientals
back to their homes.
These facts, according to the Labor
Commissioner, clearly demonstrate the
difficulties- which are Drought about
through the importation of cheap con
tract labor witnout taking into considera
tion what kind of citizens ttiis pauper
labor will make and their ultimate in
fluence over the social conditions of the
country.
Mr. Fitzgerald says he will take atrip to
the islands as soon as be can be spared
from his office by the attention necessary
to look after oroposed lecisiative enact
ments which he now has in Sacramento.
His object in jjoing to Honolulu will be
to assure the Government ami the planters
that he can supply them with 10,000 white
laborers from this State in one year; but
different arrangements must be made for
tneir homes and accommodation from
that provided for the Japanese. He will
ask that the passage of the men and their
families be paid for either by the Govern
ment or the planters, or by both if aeree
able. He states that he will also ask that
all exb-tinp labor contracts with China,
Japan, Portugal and any and all countries
outside of the United State- be abrogated.
COGSWELL WAS BEATEN.
Paclfio Heights Football Team Won
Yesterday, 6 to O.
The Pacific Heights football team de
feated the Cogswell Polytechnic College
eleven yesterday afternoou at Central
Part. The score was 6to 0. Left Tackle
Duden, very materially assisted by Center
O'Connor, made the touchdown for Pa
ciiic Heights during the second 25-minute
half. Fullback Wilson kicked the goal.
About 200 spectators were present. "Pete"
Smith and -'Billy" Hobbs of the Olympic
team were the officials, and "Jack" Miller
of the Y. M. C. A. team and English of
Lowell High School were line-men. As
usual, particularly with the minor teams,
comparatively little punting was done.
Following are the men that played:
Pacllie Heights. Position. Cogswell College.
Johnson L. K. j< c, Thompson
liu>tea U T. R Chase
Maze X* O. X Jones
O'Connor C... Johnton
Duysenberg ...K. G. 1....... ......;...y:Bher
Jackson K. T. L..; Davis
Mo °™ - - R ' E - M::::::::::^S
\\>ihe O Lamont
••Barney" L. H. X «\N. Thowpson"
Tlrkner K. H. 1m. ....;. G. Thompson
Wiboa *y: ; &oher
It is stated that a number of fine hotels
have been erected daring the present year
thai have omitted the number thirteen in
numbering the rooms. Many hotels long
in operation also have this peculiar omis
aiOQ.
. .. . ..... ,.... NEW TO-DAT—CLOTHING. -■•'■; : ' r
SHREWD
BUYERS!
Those with an eye to opportu-
-j, - nity, those wanting to make
vV\^i /f / e^'' dollar do the service of two
\ll'illiw/- *» ot her stores, watch the. big
V/^i "'/^^ /rr advertise. We make
j^^Saw»Bß|^^^^^^\/ /j^^r n '° rash promises, but live up to
Wmm\ y£Lz fcmk Monday and Tuesday will ho
HIL? c ' JlSf^B® V ; devoted to a Night-robe Sale,
8 Ife lAk^ and suc h values as will be of-
ll^ML^^B t M^t-^Br« /''/w/ /r/// & c remembered by the
; shrewd buyers for many a day.
HSr CAv\^ None of these goods will be \sold
l&Bl. \ X^ l^^ dealers - c bay them out.
'8 k O X^ A f 5l \ Consists of nearly 1000 dozen
HH ■ F /^^ \ \ handsomely embroidered Night
Wm JL } €. Ct » \ Robes, made of the celebrated
|iBr^3L RO r\E"V \ Langdon Mills muslin, stout
jflfk/LftJil a \tA"^ \ fabric, cut full length, deep col-
Kpntt^H vVA^"- A 2ar.s, r/^77^ peari buttons, and
BQhHH \ A 'finished with patent gusset, sizes
jPPa^l \ lJf'i t° IS .' usually sold by us at
\X^C^ 75c. Special price Monday and
CT ' Tuesday, and on these two days
'■■ ~~ °^ a '~4oc.—
LOT 2
»*>« i Consists of 500 dozen Night
j£ y Robes, elegant garments made of
>L Paw tucket Mills muslin, hand-
/fflMs^^\ ■ somehj embroidered ; also plain
n $lwP% / \ Robes, made of extra heavy
ij j^|fif ( \ twilled night-robe cotton, with
I \ §^*ml v \ v \ patent gussets, cut extra long\-
I I ffSmtt p (\ \ ideal garments ; sizes IJfKto 18.
I I E&Sua fef I Special price Monday and
I J Hpa '/.ffi& J Tuesday at
I « n ' ' //Rev x 1— 1—
I f / ,w , . • — 55r* ~
w « I LOT 3
(*m . " ; jfl Consists 'over 500 dozen Night
I jo. Robes, made from very heavy
I I M Pepperell twill nightgown cot-
I j yjjl ton, cut extra long and extra
•n J i|\l wide; our regular $1 Night
H I '"■'''■•r-rMiul Robe; also handsomely em-
m I I. /ji|i broidered Nightgowns, formerly
Wil . fl JJ /|n : sold ats£* Special price Mon-
'""•^J ll ' -^ day and Tuesday and on these
1 1 ¥ days only, at
Prices guaranteed for Mon-
day and Tuesday only.
(INCORPORATED), .
9, 11, 13 and 15 Kearny Street.
AN EMMET ANNIVERSARY
Knights of the Red Branch Will
Commemorate the Deeds
of Emmet.
Postry, Music snd Oratory Will Be
Employed in Honor of tbe
Young Irish Hera
On the evening of the Ith of March, at
Metropolitan Temple, the Knights of the
Red Branch will celebrate tne anniversary
oftneyoun~ Irish hero, Robert Emmet.
That the affair will be a success goes with
out saving. Rev. Father Yorke will be
tne orator. Mayor Phelan wflll preside.
There will be Irish music, both vocal and
instrumental, by the following well-known
artists: Soprano, Alias A. L. Rooney:
contralto, Mrs. T. Griffin; tenor, Mr. Des
mond; barytone, Mr. Berizer, and the cele
brated violinist, Senor Jose Andonegui.
Miss Georgianna will preside at the or
gan.
Each attendant will be presented with
quite a unique artistic souvenir pro
gramme containing four pages, having a
picture of Emmet in front, and in back
the arms of tne Knights of the Red
Branch with a suitable verse from Moore
underneath.
Prominent Irish- American citizens will
act as vice-presidents. The null will be
beautifully decorated for the occasion and
there will be nothing left undone by the
committee of arrangements, consisting of
Major T. P. Crowley, Captain Joseph
Meilott, Philip Bolger, J. Ueasy, J. Mur
phy, W. P. Hannon and J. Coniffe. Re
served seats are on sale at Deasy's shoe
store on Sixth street.
AVON'S BAED.
Professor Ci <yl.< y . anil- Iliom >> , Slagee
■Will Lecture Next Thursday.
Next Thursday evening at 8 o'clock at
Golden Gate Hall Professor Charles M.
Gayley ot the University of California and
Thomas Magee will deliver lectures on
"Shakespeare." Tne lectures wili be
given under theauspices of the Mercantile
Lihrary Auxiliary.
Prolessor Gayley is one of the most en
tertaining and instructive lecturers of the
university and draws all students to his
lecture. His subject will be ''Shakes
peare as a Comic Poet." He will speak
for three-quarters of an hour.
Tiiomas Maeee, tne president of the
library, and who is so deepl/ interested in
its welfare and prosperity, and has done
much in the last year tocarry it along and
put it on a tirm foundation, has consented
to appear in public and tell what he
knows about Shakespeare. His subject
will be: "How Can the Existence of a
Great Genius Be Explained? Was Bacon
Shakespeare?" etc.
The speed of a wild duck is ninety milea
an hour.
jtew TO-DAT.
PARISIAN
PROPHETESS
♦'■■■•■ y
it **Z* v .
MISS VAN DE VERE
Has at last visited this city at the earnest solici-
-1 tatlon of our leading scientiiic and professioua •
men. • ; ■ >\
Having a largo income she read* for all at the
one price, $1. which is barely sulncUnt to pay her
personal at'.endan.s an<i o'.ber incidental »-x-
-penses. Do not consult poor mushroom mediums
and indifferent iakers. who (distantly inrf.st our
coast and charge exorbitant prices, when the
nominal fee of $1 is witnln the reucii of all.
Learn upon whom to bestow yourconnd-ncp and
whom to avoid; learn how to tfrac: the epposi.e
sex and obtulixa speedy and bappy nsitrriaxe tvith
the one upon whom you desire to bss.ow your
afffciiio.js.
. UISsVAX j)K VERK has always given com-
plete satisfac;lon, and her advice relative to aU
business investments and speculative ventures, no
matter how complicated, nas Invariably proved
absolutely correct. . She a'oue can enow you to
what calling you were destined by an allwise
Providence atd help you to take advantage of
your natural abilities, as well as to acquire new
methods of positively assured rucc s.
MIHSVAN 1)K VKKE has bhcwn thousands of
apparently unlucky lii.-v aua women how to dis-
card poverty and trouble and shown them it Is
pasy for peopl> with tnelr latent abilities to live la
luxury and affluence. .•■••. . - •
uer mugic Kgypttaa charms are. similar to the
one worn by ihe . first '">apuleou" iv all his great
battles, and este«-rood by him lar above the pal;r/
•'Cross of -the- Legion of lionor," for which hi»
marsnals sscrlriced their lives.
Koal.n^sf 1, by mail $1 upward. .
PARLOR I, NO. 1 FIFTH ST.
1112
SAN FRANCISCO "CALL."
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco C*r.t—
TlO Market street, open until 12 o'clock evrr
Bight in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— B27 Montgomery street,
cortierClay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
339 Hayes street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
615 Larkin street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
BW. corner Sixteenth and Mission aireels, open
until 9 o'clock.
JiMB M!h:iion street, or*n nntll 9 o'clock.
167 Ninth street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
ISOS Polk srroet: o:ien nn'il 9:30. i'J . .'o-:
CHUKCH NOTICES.
B--Tr= FIRST CHURCH OF CHRIST, BCIEN-
t£2cS' tlst— Services at 11 a. M. in Beethoven Hall,
536 Post st.. <or. Powell. Christian Science Bible
Lessons; subject, 'Unity in Truth Exempllfled."
Sunday-school for children at the same hour.
•■ t-dence and Health " Study Thursday at 8 P. M.
in Mystic Hail, 3'JO Post sU All are welcome.
U^S=> TRINITY MI.THODIST EPISCOPAL
CS-S' Curcn— Love feast at 9:30 a.m. Preach-
ing by Rev. Dr. Coyle. presiding e.der. Nt 11 a. m.,
with sjicrainental services. Tlie pastor will preach
In the evening Sobject: "What rhristians Know
Tlia-. Heientt^ta May or May Not Know." »;: : ;
St^S= CALVARY PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH.
tP-*'' corner of Ueary and Powell sts.— Rev. John
Hemphill. D. D.. pastor. Services at 11 a. v. and
7:30 P. m. Evening t'>pic. "The wheels of His-
tory aud t!io Wheel Within the Wneels." The
sacrament of the I<ord's supper will be observed
■at the close of the morning service. Morning
music: "DeusMiseieatur" (.Mosentbal): offertory,
"O, come every one that thirsieih," quartet irom
Elijah. Evening music: •'Jubilate Deo" (Gerrish):
off< rtory, "The Lord Is My Shepherd."
|3J2=s= FIRST PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH,
I2P-<»' cor. Van Ness aye. aud Sacramento St.— Rev.
Rotiert Mackenzie, D.D.. pastor: Rev. Edwin H.
■ Jenks, co-jiastor. Dr. Mackenzie will preach at
11 A. m. Mr. Jenks will preach at 7:30 p. it.
The evening service will be a praise serrice. Mii-
ftic entirely from Mendelssohn, ay-school at
1_:45 p. m. :Y.P.s.C. E. at 6;16 p. M. t'rayer-
meeting Wednesday at Up. v. All are welcome.
fr-TC. TIIK FIRST UNITARIAN CHUKCH,
m<*r sw. cor. <;ea/"y and Franklin sis. — Rev. Dr.
stebnins. minister. The Sunday-school Is at 9:45.
Bible-class conducted by Rev. Samuel Slocomb.
I lie morning service Is at 11 o'clock; the Rev. E.
B, Payne will preach. All are cordially Invited.
The evening service is omitted.
Bf— S= THK SECOND UNITARIAN CHURCH,
Br^ cor. Twentieth and Capp sts. — A. J. Wells,
pastor. Mr. Wells will preach at 11a. v. and
7:4.') p. M. The evening address will discuss re-
vivals and modern thought. Seats tree. Sunday-
school at 9:45 a. M Pastor's residence at 924
Valencia s:., corner Liberty.
ffcr^p FIRST BAPTIST CHURCH, EDDY
ffi = -±»' st., near Jones. — Rev. M. P. Boynton.
pastor. Services Sunday, February 7: Preaching
by tlie pastor at 11 a. v. : subject, "Aloseß a Type
of ( hriat"; communion after sermon: aud at 7:30
p.m.; lopic, "Satan's Kiss." Baptism at e.vening
service. Galilee Sunday-school, 9 :30 a. m . Pixley
iial .corner Polk and Paciti" aye.; Wa«hln*ton-
Fquare Sunday-school, -.30 a. m., at 608 Union sU:'
iiume >uuduy-school, 12:30 M., at the church, 320
Eddy sl.: Beihesda Sunday-school, 3 p. m., Howard
>i., between Kighth and" Ninth. Y. P. S. C. X.,
senior, inierme.iiute find junior, 6:oO r. M. Prayer
and conference meeting, Wednesday, 7:4?> P. m.
Cnristian cultuie class, Friday. Bp. m. Pastor's
aiKlress. 431 Klli* st. : telepboue, east 954. To all
the above services everybody is welcome.
rr^= FIRST NI.W JERUSALEM CHURCH
CE-- 1^ (Swedenborglan), O'Farrell street, between
Webster and Fillmore— Rev. D. V. Bowen, pastor.
" fc*?rvices will be held at 11 a. m. aud 7:30 p.m.
Subject (morning), '-The Prophets- Call," In the
evening the pastor will deliver a lecture giving the
. new-church view as to "What and Where Is He.l'"'
All are cordially invited, Seats iree. 1 ree library,
babbath-acboo at 10 a. M.
prrS=- FIRST CHRISTIAN CHURCH,
Ib^& Twelfth sU, bet. Howard and Mission—
Rccnlar morn'.n; and evening services. Snndav-
BCbool at 9:iO a. M. Y. I. s. C. E. at 6:^o P. M.
11a. m.. preaching service; sutjecu "Filled to the
Fullness of Gud." 7:45 P. M., special illustrated
t-ervi c; sermon, subject, •■lnfallible Sa.e:" ihe
paraole ol the ten virgins lllustrateil by ten young
laliej. Youii;; iuiy ushers, beats fiee. All wel-
come.
K^3s= COsMOPOMTAM CHURCH, GULDEN
Lr-o' Gate Hall, >uiter i«u— new meeting
place of the Cosmopolitan Church is Golden '-ate
Ha.l. Services 10-iiifih: (Sunday). Rev. Harold
bo •■. pustor. --iiuject oi sermon: "A Rational
J; viv i in uiou." Doors open at 7:15 p. H.
Services 7:45 p. if. Address Imsiness communi-
cations io Janius Nesbitt Hill, 6-5 suiter su
Rr^= ASS.OV laTION AUriITORIUM. MASON
&-^ and fcllis sts.— Young Men's Christian Asso-
ciation. Grand sacre<l concert this (>uima>) after-
noon at S o'clock by the Knickerbocker Quartet,
assisted by o:her leadi talt-nu Public invited.
Next iriduy eventoc at 8 liev. Haskett hrnilh of
London will deliver his famous Illustrated lecture
on •'."•iyths and Marvels of Egypt."
HPsv=» SWEDENBOKG MISSION SOCIETY,
»-»' Washiugiorj Hall, 320 Post St., opposite
— Rev. <J. 8. l»avld, pastor. Service at 11
a. v. Subject of sprmon, '-The Resurrection and
the World Beyond* : prelude. "Revivals Psycho-
logically Considered."
FET]S= BAN PRANCIBCO THEOSOPHICAL
a~*s Society— Free public lecture to-night at
-nademy ol Sciences Hall, 819 Market r'., at 8
o'clock; "Missing Factors in Modern Life," by
James M. Fryse of New York. Tuesday evening,
£umu piace, public crusade meeting.
R^~s= THK TH SOPHICAL SOCIBTT—
or-S' Fiee public lecture every !-und»<y at 8 p. jc.,
Native -i>-;.V Ha.l, 414 Mason st. subject to-night,
"Karma," by Dr Julia F. Button, Good music
fi-TS* A WF.EK'S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS—
&-& WEEKLY CALL, IP wrapper, for mailing.
NOTICE OF MEETINGS.
Et^S- GEK MANIA LODGE. NO. wi^m^.
Ct^' 116. I. I. O. F— The faneral^F^XC
committer, ulh'rers anil members of
the above lodge, are invited to attend -^Wlw^"
tlie funeral of nur Ute brother, C. WEN DTE. on
(SUNDAY, February 7. at 1:30 p. m . at Odd Fel-
lows' Hall, cor. xventh ano Market sts. Rela-
tives anJ frlonds pleuso attend.
FRED MARKS. N. G.
Emil Niemeier, R. S.
J»^g=" A 3iEETIX»OFST. PATRICK'Sfc.
aV-J? day convention of lHi'7 will be VX\VB
held at K. It. L. Hail, Mason and O'Far- Sjl *
rell sts.. on SUNDAY, February 7. ai 2:3oc^*\B»
P.M. Alt lrish-Americjin, National, mill- aT^Bt
tary, benevolent, literary and social orßanizalio, is
are i* quested to send tive delegates each. Ex-offi-
cers of. lormer conventions, grand marshals, ora-
tors anJ ]). . ets are entitled to seats in the conven-
tion. By order JOHN MULUERN, Presidenu
J. J. Mukan, Secretary.
rr'3f > THE OFFIIERS AND MEM- ,~cm.
ts^^ bers 0 Burns i.odge No. 68. A. O. U.£«55-s
W., are hereby requested to attend the fu-fciKjsJ
neral of our late brot..er, P. W. WINK LEY, vsajc^
P. M. W.. from Alcczar Bui:dln«, 114 O'Farrell
St., on SUNDAY, February 7. at 1:30 o'clock. By
order of the M. W. L, v. bCHORD, Recorder.
Ct^> A SPECIAL MEETING OF THE MEM-
t>~*s bers of ihe Bishop Armita^e Church Or-
phm wUI be held ai tlie office of the se. retarr
6*J alifortila st., room 38. on reDruary 23, 1897,
at 12 m., for the purpose of revising or amenuiug
the by-laws ol said corporation or adoptlue new
bv-lawa and for the election of trustees for the eu-
suing year; also for th« transac. ion oj such other
business as may come before the meeting.
L. WADH AM. Secretary.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
■£-£=■ FLaX-THE PUBLIC ARE HEREBY
Ur- Jsr notihed against purchasing ooy Interest iv
an Infringement on my bunule flax threshing ma-
chine, ii.frnigers will be v.gorously prosecuted.
11. H. LAJIONT.
Cjpsy= DR. BAZ.-.T REMOVED FROM PHF-
w-^ lan building to 908 Geary st.: fl. East 357.
J^S=« BAD TENANTS EJECTED FOR «4:
Utss rolleit.ons made: city or country. Paflllc
oll'-c-ion Co., 415 Montcy st., room 6: tel. 6580.
, SUNDAY MEETINGS.
SOCIETY OF PROGRESSIVE SPIRITUaT-
IsIs, at scoitish Hall. 105 Larkin st., Sunday
>euruary 7, a. 7:30 p. m., lan. R. a. t,Ulle, the
well known inspir.it speaker of Botton Mvsi ,
will reply to the attack recently made upon >pint-
natisu tiy the Rev. Dr. Ferrand oi Howard Pres-
byterian Churcii. Music by Mr. Liliie. Admis-
sion, 10c.
0> KLAND PSYCHICAL SOCIETY. FRA-
ternal Hall, WasufiiKtoii st. — in Sunday at 3
p. m., Professor l.ovelaud will lec:ure; afterward
tests will be given by It. Schlesslnger; ate p. m.
Proiessor Loveland will lecture on philosophy
tan*lll at Berkeley and by Professor Jordan,
which is now attracting the press and pulpit.
QQ7 MARKET- FIRST PROGRESSIVE SPIR-
OOI nual Church. 11 a. m. test developing clr.
de; 2 p. m tests to all, Mr. Uansen, Mrs. Dun-
hum, Wiuchesier, Henderson; 8 P. M., tests, arti-
cles read, Mrs. Dunhan, Felluer, Earciay, Leeman,
Mr. Luhrs and others
AT DR. RIN-ES' SPIRITUAL SOCIETY, ALI
-tt- tests, 909 Market su, at 11 a. m. anl 2 and
8 p. m.. Messrs. sealey. Dunham. ' Litdd, Finlcan,
sutt, Hargruve and others. Dr. Riu-es' office.
12M Market St.: 10 to 6 dally.
T^RIJSNDSHIP HA! L 326 MCALLISTER
X 1 st.— B p v.. Prof. Crosmau on "Pnrenology":
teats and tetters read by me celebrated medium.
Mrs. c. J. .Meyer; goou music; sittings dally;
skeptics invited: 10c.
rpEST MEETING AT 2 P. M.; 10c; WASHIXG-
ton Hall, S5 Eady St.; 8 P. M . 335 .McAllis:er
st,: stilt, Clemeus; others, kkep.ics l..viied.
m LA IIKIN-SPEAKINO TESTS. BY MRS.
Ail Kate Ho-ikins, Mrs. D. N. Place; good mv-
. sic: lie.
EANCE TO-NIGHT; MRS. EGGERT AIT-
KEN; alsa Thursday eve.: 25c. 320 McAllister
MRS. STEERS, FSYCHOMETRIST, 1121AOAK
bt.: readings, $1; circle Thursday, 2 p.m., 25c.
JC. HANSEN'S TEST CIRCLE, 11 a. K. AND
*> • 8 p. m., 107 Fifth st.
MO MEETING AT PROFESbOR MINGO S:
A» gone to the country.
SITUATIONS WANTED-FEMALK.
GBRMAN HECOVD GIRL DESIRES SITUA-
VX tion. J. F. CROSETT <fc CO.. 316 Su.ter su
p ERMAN EMPLOYMENT OFFICE, 306
V.I Mumoii st.. tel. main 6332, furnishes best help:
all nationalities.
COMPETENT WOMAN WOULD LIKK SlTU-
atlon; general housework; best references.
2636y Sutter su
SWEDISH GIRL WANTS SITUATION" FOR
O general housework iv private Jamlly. Call
1715 Howard st.
Vl'K^K WITH EXPERIENCE WOULD
IV care of insane patient or invalid. Address
Nurse, box 32, Call Offlce.
yoUXO WOMAN WANTfa HOUBKCLEAN-
X inir for Saturday afternoon. E. E.. box 75, Call.
pOMPKTENT WOMAN DESIRES ANY KIND
v 7 of housework on Saturday*; wages $1 per day.
Address 1. S.. box 66, Call otlice.
SWEDISH WOMAN WANTS WORK BY THE
day: is a good laundress. Address B. 11., box
12. Call Offlce.
0 WEDISH GIRL WANTS SITUATION TO DO
iO general housework iv small family. Call Mon-
d«y, 118 RusssU
yOUSO GIRL WOULD LIKE POSITION IN
1 any kind of office: understands snortband,
typewriting and bookkeeping; $3 per week. Ad-
dress Z. L., box 12, call Office.
ENGLISH LADY OF GOOD FAMILY. RE-
fined, highly educatod, much traveled, desires
position as companion, secretary, chaperon or
eovernesi; wou^d give aervlces iv return for ex-
penses East or to Europe. Englishwoman, box 16,
this office.
pOOD COOK. NEAT HOUSEKEEPKR,
' ' wishes work; sleep home. MR&. KERR, 1231
Market St.
QITUATION WANTKD BY FRENCH LADY
0 (young widow) as housekeeper; no objection
toctiildien: out of city preferred; city references.
P. S., box 104.
GERMAN LADY PHYSICIAN WANTS PO-
UT sl'.ion in doctor's oilice or sanitarium. Call
within 3 dayp, lt>l7 Powell sU
\ir ANTED BY YOUNG LADY IN REFINED
• • family of 2. situation to assist in housework:
good home desired; best references given and re-
quired. Address MISS SMITH, box 60.
1 MHsT-CLASS DRESSMAKER FROM NEW
-T York wishes a few families io sew for; $2 per
day ; best of reierences. Address M. A., 915 Polk.
RIND, CAREFUL AMERICAN LADY OF 30
years aesires engagements to nurse in confine-
ment; thoroughly capable. Call or address MRS.
McGEE, 650 iluvvard n .. basemenu
TIT ANTED-GOOD HOME FOR GIRL 13
>' years old: clean, willing and honesu S. p.,
box 84. Call Office
yoUSG GERMAN WOMAN WOULD LIKE
J. housework In respectable family; $15 per
month and sleep home, call next three days at 3
Martha p.aie, on" i^eary sl.
TTOOKG GIRL WOULD LIKE A PO-ITION
X to assist in gen ral housework: wages $15.
l'leaoe Bfldrcsa Mlsr-o s-jaNLEY, 879 Iweniy-
second, near Market s'., Oakland, al.
DRKs.SMAKEK —Fl R.-T-CLASS CUTTKB
i ' and filter wi.l go out by the day; refeiences:
city, Oakland and Berkeley" 1320 Mission st.
OsITIOX AS UOUSKKKKfEtI IX HOTEL
or lodgin^-houie or widower's family: city or
country: Al housekeeper, aso fine cook; refir-
ence. M. s , box 137. call Office.;
Tir ANTED— POSITION liV A COiIPETt.NT
TT person as chambermaid In first-ciuss hotel or
■.oJgiiiK-liouse: beat reference. C. M. Call 777
Market su, room b.
HOUSEWORK WANTEDBY MIDDi.E-AGED
XX woman who is a good cook; good reierences.
206 Fifth St.. 'iear Howard.
SWEDISH GIRL WISHES A POSITION AS
second girl. B. B_ box 94. Call Otttce.
"MASHIONABLr. DRESSMAKER, PERFECT
X cutter aud litter, will nia&e a dress in o».t* da
irom $3 up, or wi.l go out working ut $2 a day.
1015 McAllister su
SITUATION WANTED BY A GIRL F.)R
rooking and general hou*ework: first-class ref-
erence; Cii.l Monday. 513 McAllister st.
COOK— GERMAN WOMAN WISHES STEADY
situutio.i in firsi-class ooardlni;-hoube or lunch-
bouse; beit references jjiveu. 90 Shipley st., cor-
ner irourih.
SITUAIION WANTED BY A GERMAN
woman a< cook or general housework by the
day. Address MRS. T., 114 kddy su
yOLSG WOMAN WOULD LIKK TO WORK
X by day; washing, ironing anu housecleauing;
*1 per day. Address 702 Broadway.
pOMPETUNT GIRL WISHES SITUATION
\J f»r gi-neral housework; thoroughly under-
stands good plain cooking; sleep me A. A., box
Jls. 61t> Larkin su/branch office.
\\r IDOW LADY WISHES A RE^PKCTABLE
If housekeeping jiosition. Apcly 618 O'Farrell.
QITUATION WANTED BY A WOMAN WHO
0 understands cooking thoroughly; best refer
ences; pleasa slate wages: no oLjection to snort
distance in the country. Address 1!. ii., box 60,
Ca.l 011ic..-. :£*H
yOUX<i LADY WANTS PLAIN SEWING TO
X do at home: chilarcn'j s>*wiug a s -eclalty. Call
ut 1140 Shotwell s:., near Twenty-sixth.
1 ADY, KXPEIUENCED NURSE, WISHES
I J engagements either «a Invali nurs or for In.
fant. Aadrfss MKS. De KAY, room 31. 129 San
I'ablo aye., O.t^land.
pOMPETENT YOUNG . SWEDISH GIRL
\J wishes second woik or place as chambermaid;
good neamstress; wages $20. Cail 1008 Bash bU,
san Francisco.
U' ANTED BY' A FIRST-CLASS SKAM-
'" stress — Uutialrs vvors. and sewiug. or would
sew by tue day. Apply 134 Bartlett su
DUCATKD YOUNG WOMAN WISHES POSI-
XJ tlon as maid and seamstress; best' f references
given. Call oraiidr. Miss KENNON, lo3lPoik.
O GIRLS WISH POSITIONS. ONE AS COOK.
— the other us waitress or u].. stairs work.
EXPERIENCED NURSE WISHES SITUA-
XJ tion: will take full charge of lu'ant from birth,
or second work; good refereni.es. Address room
i.'., Henry House, ua«.land.
ITUATION WANTKD BY ACTIVE ELDER-
Iy woman to cooic and do general work In small
family of adults; city or country; wages $10. Call
or address M. C, 314 Jet-.lt; st.
A MERICAN WOMAN. STEADY AND RELI-
-» V. able, wisnes situation aa housekeeper. 79
Howard St., upstairs. s *■*. ;. 'j
•you. coLOREn WoMAN WISHES A
X place housekeeper. 203 a i'owell su, room 1.
SITUATION WANTED BY MIDDLE-AGED
woman; underatauas milking and making
butter; used to ranch life for 20 years; good house-
keeper; references. 746 Mission su
pF.FINKD ELDERLY LADY WANTS CHEAP
JV board In country; neat homekee per: good cook;
German schilur. Address MRS. GERMAN, Per-
a la P. 0., Berkeley. Cal.
p ERMAN LADY, GOOD SEAMKTKESS. DX.
VJ ulres le-v more places for p'aln sewing or
mending in hote. or private families; 60 cents per
day. Address 1.. 8., mix 164. Call.
yoUKO LADY, FORMERLY IN GOOD CIR-
X cuinstances, desires a lucrative position as
housekeeper, or will io gentlemen's mending. 120
Ellib su, room 17, second floor.
YOUNG AND ATTRACTIVE LADY OF
X many accomp'ishmenls desires a position as
managing I.ousekeeter in widower's or bachelor's
home.' 223 Post St., room* 2. ■
IDOW FROM THE EAST, WITH LITTLE
TT girl 8 years old, would like place in lodging,
house.. Address Stranger, box 74. thisoiliie.
pOMPKTKNT WOMAN DESIRES POSITION
\J as working housekeeper in widower's or bach-
elor's home; wages $20 211 Fourth su, room 51.
TIEFINED PERSON WISHES A GOOD HOME
It as companion to a lady: a neat sewer, and
not afraid oi worK. Address M. X., box 169, Call.
MIDiJLh-AG r.D OEIIMAN WOMAN FOR
general housework and plain cooking; city or
country. Apply 2633 Post st.
MIDDLE-AGED LADY WOULD LIKE SlTU-
ation as housekaeper or nurse; city or coun-
try. 343 Minna Kt.
ADY WJSHES A POSITION AS HOUSK-
Xj keepar: references. 917 Market st., room 14.
EXPERIENCED UOUs-EKBEFER (WIDOW)
XJ wants work in wi lower's or bachelor's house-
hold; country preferred. 88 Ninth si., room 17-
-hours. 11 a. v. to 9 p. m.
T/'XPERIENCED DAY OR NIGHT NURSE
Xj «9 per week best of references: confinement
and other sickness taken home; private. Call 719
Webster tit. ...^
-VroUNG WIDOW WISHES POSITION AS
X housekeeper or do plain g«mleman sewing
106 Fourth st.. room 2
T ADY WISHES MENDING. DARNING
XJ knitting ana plain srwlae: will do janltre-s
work. Address M. D., room 129 *an Fab o
aye , OaKluud.
II AM GEHMAN AND A STRANGER IN THIS
X city; worked 3 years in the luat place (private
fumlly only) and neslre the -same work here; good
cook, German or French. Call or address H. W..
95 Silver at., corner of 'I bird.
"VroUNG WIDOW WirillKS POSITION AS
X working bou*ekreper f or widower or bachelor's
home; city or Coun.ry: no object ion to children.
181 Noe .
ADY OF EXPERIENCE DESIRES A Posi-
XJ tlon as housekeeper In lodging-house or wid-
ower's home. Room 3. 995 Market su
719 LARKIN-BRANCH OFFICE OF THE
• X.O CALL; subscriptions and want ads taken.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 7, 1897.
fITCATIOXS WANTED-Contlnn»«l.
yOUSG EASTERN WIDOW OF RhFINE-
X men t ana culture desires a position as manag-
ing nousekeeper iv widower's or bachelor's house.
Room 2, 122 Post St.
IDOW DESIRES POSITION AS HOUSE-
ii keeper; does not object to 2 children. Ad-
dress R. C. F., Pi-raita Heights, corner Lester and
Hanover ayes- Jtast Oakland.
ÜBSCRIPTIONS AND WANT FOH THE
Ca t.l, taken at branch office, 339 Hayes bu ;
open until U:3J o'cluclc *
WANT ADS AND SUBSCRIPTIONS FOR
The Call are taken at Branch Office, toulu-
west corner sixteenth and Mission sts,
p ERMAN GIRL WISHES SITUATION TO
VJ uo general housework or housekeeping: good
cook lor (mall family. 620 Washington street.
INCUESTER HOUbE, 44 THIRD ST.. NR.
»> Marxet: 200 rooms vsc io SI 50 per nUht:
$1 50 to t'i per week; convenient and respectable;
free bus and baggage io and from the ferry.
QW COR. SIXTEENTH ST., NEAR MlS-
sion; branch office of THa Call Sub-
scriptions and want ads taken.
SITUATIONS WANTBD MALE.
TTUNTER <fc CO.. CHINESE AND JAPA-
XX nese employment olhce. 17 Webb St.. below
Kearney, nr.Cal.: lel.rnaln 231. W.C. YOUNG, mgr
JAPANESE INTI-.LLIGKNCE AGENCY. R.
d 90. Su Ann's bl'g, 6 Eddy St.; tel Main 5234.
pHINESE <fc JAPANESE; EST'D 20 YEARS;
\Juelp;tetmain 1997. BRADLEY Jt .640 Clay
pHINESK AND JAPaNESK EMPLOYMENT
\J offlce: best help. 4141/2 O'FarrelL Tel. E. 426.
"DAINTER, GRAINER AND PAPER-HANG-
X er wishes some steady work in cliy or country.
Address 149y 3 Fitih st.
CAPABLE AND HONKST MAN WANTS
\J place as porter io hotel or saloon, or dish-
washer. Apply &11 Pine st.
pARDENER (GERMAN), COMPETENT IN
VT all branches, wants situation in private fam-
ily: tne best of references. Address P. S., box 83,
Call Office.
BOOKKEEPER. YOUNG MAN, WISiIES A
position: city references. Bookkeeper, box
70. Call Office.
A MARKET BRANCH OFFICE OF THE
"1 Call; want ads and subscriptions taken.
pOOK WANTS WORK; CAM POR BOA DING-
\J house: .ooi baker: experienced young man.
E. BURRELLS, room 31, 62 Second su, city.
SINGLE MAN. 45 YEARS OF AGE, WANTS
O situation: understands -:ir leiiiii^, taking care
o tiorses. milking and uny other work on private
place; reference. Addre.ss at. N.. Ii iX 47, Call.
IDDLE-AGED GERMAN WI&HKB BITUA-
tiou as either barkeeper, waiter and pantry-
man or bedmuker and porier. or as ve^etaoleman
anu dtahwasner In country hotel. Please address
letters F. Jl., vox 71, Cail.
GERMAN; 50 YEARS OF AGE: GOOD CAR-
penier. cabinet-muKer >>nd upholsterer: good
home more Object ihuu hign wages, ii. 8., box 66,
Cull Uffioe.
COUK, GERMAN, 25, WISHES A POSH lON
V for day or uigh. work; is sober; would like a
steady p. ace. Audress i-iIANK, 27 JV2 Minna SU
•»•_>(» HAVES OT— BrtANCH OFFICE OF
000 'I'll Call; suuacriptiona and wane aas
taken.
youxG man wants advertising
X matter to distribute or work of any kiud; best
or reiereDCesi J. J.. box 32, call t-flice.
DAI.NIKR, PAPER-HANGER AND DECO-
X raior, rood all-round hand, wants work. GAR-
DINER, 633 Post st.
GOOD PAINTER AND HANGER,
lib -.auiily. desires jou in the couutry. 11. J.,
box 76, Ciul Office.
ACTIVE BUSINESS MAN WANTS POSI-
2\. tl>m, any capacity: good office aisiitant, store
or uiive delivery wagon. i>., bjx 32, Call Uttlce.
\|AN, MIDDLE-AGED; SCOTCH; CAN
lii cook; any kinJ house Aork; hauay tools;
would work in restauranu roonilng-hoaae, private
family. Kiluui," Cail UIlKe, uakland.
li RANCH OFFICE OFTHECALL, 167 NLNTH
X) at. — Want ads and subscriptions taken.
VXPERIENCKD MACHINIST, STEAM EN-
Xj gineer, who understanas handling dynamos,
w.s.n'3 position. Address M. J. box 40, C.ill.
pARPENTER WANTs WORK AT A.NY
VJ thing; Is an expert on leaky roofs; repairing
o.d worK a specially; wuges reasonable. Address
S. S., box 108, Cull Office.
I,'Rknch cook WANTS SITUATION IN
X small family: city or country; also baker and
pastry best references. Address Cook, box 18,
this office.
BY A YOUNG M.IN. bOBEK AND INDUS-
trlous. a situation to travel for a wholesale
house; speaks Spanish, French and EnzHsh; ac-
quainted in Mexico; good salesman; can give
Al references: wages no object: will lake sida
lines if necessary. Address H. J.,box 40. thlsoffice.
p ENTLKMAN, FINE PIANIST, DESIRES
vX steady engagement: best reference, is. P., box
53, all Office.
4 MARKET ST.— BRANCH OFFICE OF THiS
Call: want ads and subscriptions taken.
yOUXG JAPANESE BOY WANT* A PLACE
X to work either forenoon or afternoon only. s.
T.. 22 Prospect place.
■y-OUNG MAN OF 21 WITH BEST OF
X references seeks position: experienced stock
clerk; also collector; city or country. Address S.,
box 138. Ca;l offiie.
yOUSG ENGLISHMAN WANTS PLACE AS
X sugedriver or to take care of horses: thor-
oughly cempetenu Add. F. cluei;, box 109, Caiu
TRONO BOY USED TO WORKING IN
O bakehouse. " Apply Baker, box 72, Call Office.
■yOUNG IRISHMAN IS ANXIOUS T.> PRO-
X cure a position in a dry-goods store; five years'
experience; smul salary to commence. J. F.,
52 Second st.. room 14.
rO7 MONTGOMKRY, CORNER OK CLAY—
<J— I Open until 9:30 clock; branch office of
the CV11: subscriptions and want ads. taken.
\ITINCHKSTER HOUSE. 44 THIRD oT.,NK-
ti Market; 200 rooms; 25c to SI 50 per night:
*1 60 to $6 per week: convenient aud respectable;
tree bus aud baggage to aud from the ferry.
naUU HELP WANTED.
■pEKINED PROTESTANT WOMAN FROM
XV 28 to 35 years of age as governess for a
banker's family; couutry; $*1>: references re-
quired. MUKKAY A. READY, Leading Employ-
meut Agents, 634-636 Clay st.
pOOD PLAIN COOK AND DO GENERAL
VT housework for American family of 3 grown
persons: country town; $20; BBS lady nere; young
giri preferred: ca 1 early. MURRAY it READY,
Leading Employment Ageuts, 634-636 Clay st.
WAITRESSES. COUNTRY HOTELS. «15 TO
S2O. fare paid; cook aud laundress, f 21; eic
MURRAY 6i READY, Leading Employment
Agents, 634-636 Cluv st.
OOOK. PRIVATE BOARDING-HOUSE, $40;
\J chambeimald and wait one meal, 20; 2 wali-
resses, city, ?15, $16; 3 housegirls, *20; 4 houne-
glrls, *i 6 C. R. HaNSEN" & CO., 110 Geary su
HAMBKRMAID: MUST A*SIsT WAlTlNG-
country; $20. HOTELGAZETTE,42OKearny.
Omdk FKE REDUCED; 25 CTS.; GIR^SOF
all nationa. to till various positions. Ger
man Employment Cffice, 306 Mason su
WANTKu-GIRL FOR GENERAL HOUSE-
work in Alameda; mas-, be competent and
reliable; with references. Apply room 21, Lunlng
buliding, 3 California st.
WANTED — LADY WHO UNDERSTANDS
»T barber trade; good proposition. Address C,
box I^o. v.l.
IRL. HEi.P CARE OF BABY; SLEEP
VX home. 2740 I'i.iesu, cor. Broderlck.
1 A DIES, SEND ADDRKSS TO CHEMICAL
J^X-Ray Works. 131 a O'Farrelt su, and learn
how io make ihe famous Bluih of Roses, Bloom of
Youth, Balm of B-auty, Egyptian Enamel, Beauty
Wonder and many other complexion beautillers.
OUNGGIRL TO ASSIST IN HOUSEWORK-
X $10 a month. 123 Prospect place.
p IRL WANTED FOR LIGHT HOUSEWORK;
VJ $8 per month. Call at 18 Metcalf place, bet. 9
and 10 a.m. .
"Iir ANTED— STENOGRAPHER; MUST
»» write Graham or Pitman; graduate of Stichl's
Business College or Ayers' Institute preferred.
Address i-trict.y Business, box 148, Call.
WANTED -PUPILS FOR A PRACTICAL
IT millinery school; course thorough: class now
forming for sprint: work; satisfaction guaranteed:
eveutug cla»ses. 22% ueary or 410 Leavenwrorth.
ALESLADIES ARE WANTED FOR THE
following departments: Notions, corsets and
cloves. . U. S. Industrial Agency, room 165,
Crocker building; otlice open evenings this week.
AGENTS WANTED— GOOD ■ PAY: LIGHT
work. Call 10 a. m. to Ip.it at 238 Sixth st,
room 15. .
\\TASTRD- LAUNDRY GIRLS AT MODERN
M Laundry.. 387 Eijhth su
WANTED - WOMAN TO DO MENDING.
TT Modem laundry, 387 Eighth st.
IRL: LIGHT HOUbEWORK; PLAIN COOK-
VJi lng for two: sleep home. R., box 87. CalL
\\T ANT E D-YOUNG GIRL TO ASSIST IN
'» lipht lious>- work: good home; small pay. Call
p. ii., 33 >(« st., near Thirteenth.
riERMAN GIRL FOR GENERAL, HOUSE-
\T work: 9t012a. v. 60* McAllister su , , ,-•.-.
GEBMAN GIRi, FOB GENERAL HOUSE-
VJ work; plain cookinc. 317 Scott st.
HELP WAJTTED-Contlnn»rt.
AT THE WOMEN'S EDUCATIONAL AND
Industrial Union. 7 Vau Ness aye.. dressmak-
ing, hairdressini;, munlcuring. milllni-ry, nglish,
French, i.enuan, Spanish. guitar, mandolin, vio-
-1 n, elocuion. painting and fancy work taucnt lor
91 6u; sinsing and cooking taupht for 91 per
month; all kinds of female help supplied.
londe Partner, golden haired,
not over 22 years old, attractive, with good
ligure and musical tastes, wanted. Address B. S.,
box 70. Call Office.
"\\ ANTED— IO YOUAG LADIES TO LKARN
»» barber irnde: shop to open Mny 1. Particu-
lars call 138y Eighth St.. S. F. Barber College.
I^INK CHANCE FOR EXPERIENCED LADY
X 1 canvassers. American ciieel Company, base-
ment Crocker bnilding.
OOD OPPORTUN ITY FOR A LADY WITH
small capital. all at 1065 Market St., room I
1 EA R DUESSCUTTING AND M I LLI N RY :
Xj 9 pet week; unlimited le>socs; patterns
25c. McDowell Dressmaking School, 636 Market.
1/LYN.\'S DRESSMAKING AND.CUTTINU
X' Academy. 14 McAllister s:.: $1 a week.
(\-\ C\ LARKIN— BRANCH OFFICE OF THE
Ulu Call: subscriptions and want ads. taken.
I AWRENCE CUTTING SCHOOL IS 'iHK
XJ only reliable place lor patterns: every ouu
guaranteed 10 be perfect. 1231 Market su ftoJW
MOST CONVENIENT AND BESPEC f ABLK;
I'l Winchester Hnus». 44 Third »1., near Market:
200 rooms; '25c lo sfl 6J per eight; 91 60 10 $6
per week; free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
11(' NINTH ST. — BRANCH OFFICE OF
XX Thm Call; aubscriptioa and want ads
taken.
MALE HELP WANTED.
PAINTER, MUST BE A NO. 1 URAINER,
X for country: man to care for 60 cows on shares;
see bo-ts here 9a. m. Monday; S cooks; 2 wallers
and other places. MURRAY ifc KKADT, Leading
Employment Agents. 634 ana 636 Clay st.
FOREMAN FOR A VINEYARD, ORCHARD
■T and ranch; able lo 'pack raisins, figs, prunes
and other fruits; run a gang of men to advantage;
from 30 to 60 years; single man; reference* re-
quired; salary, f5O and found and increase. Call iv
person or write stating full particulars former
employers, etc. MURRAY <fc READ*, Leading
Employment Agents. 634 and 636 Clay St.
HEAD PORTKR WITH GOOD REFERENCE
for lar^e ilrst-c ass country hotel. C. R.
UANSEN & CO., 110(;eary st.
CJBCOND COOK. HO I EL NORTH, $60; NEAT
0 young ho. el waiter, *30. C. R HANSKN A
CO., 110 Geary st.
rPHIKI) COOK FOR HOTKL: BK AT OFFICE
JL at 2 p m. to-day or 8:30 p. U- Monday: wages
$25. Joil.SsTnN «fc CO., 872 Broadway, Oakland.
WANTED-MKS DESIRING GOVERNMENT
»' positions as railuay mall clerks, carriers,
gaugers, inspectors, sienograiihers, engineers,
watchmen, janitors, etc.. to write at once for
valuable iufoiniaiion (free). Examinations occur
*oou in every siatu. Address Dt- partment 89,
U. >. Bureau of Iniormaiion, Cinclni.atl. Ohio.
WA.NIKD-A RELIABLE. I.NTK.IXIUKM'
»' Catholic man, to travel for old-established
house: must begin on loa salary; referen>es re-
quired. Address Catholic 'lruth, lock box 628,
Chicago, Hi. .
W ANTFD-A GOOD ADVERTISING AGENT.
'» F. B. R.. box 71.
SALKsMr.N ARK WANTED FOR THE FOL- |
_ lowinz departments: Dome tics and linens,
linings and laO6s: ulso a porter accustomed to 1
dry tood*. r. fc Induurial Agency, room 165,
Crocker buildins; office open evenings this week.
\\ r ANTED — YOUNG MAN TO TRAVEL
•* with family; must l>e of good r.dtlress and ex-
emplnry habits: o:ie who has visited Japan pre-
terrrd. Address, giylnß experience, references
and salary expecteo, '1 ourist, b-x 60, Call Office.
VOU.\(i MAN WHO UNDERSTANDS MBA T- !
X cutting and can drive wacon. Appiybet. tf and j
12 a m., cor. Mason and ChWnqt s;s. C. GRASS,
butcher.
ADVERTISING MAN FOR NEWSPAPER;
J\. salary and commission. 11. IJ., box 132, this
office. • . .••-.
GOOD CLTTKR AND FITTER TO TAKE
charza of dressmaking room April 1; refer-
ence. Addrest b.»x 322, auta Crur, Cal.
■\\TANTED-TAILORI FOR FINK SEAT- j
I ? rooms. 724Vb Mitrlcetst.. room -7-
piISHWASHER WANTKD AT 116 TURK
\J St.. rear: call at 8 o'clock.
EN OR WOMEN TO WORK FOR US DAY
or evening at tbeir homes: pleaiant work;
no cauvasstne: experience unnecessary; we. p»y
salary: inclose stamp for particulars. andarJ
MfK. Co , 142 West Twenty-inird St., New York.
UASCH TO RENT— 23O ACR S. ALLUNDKR
It cultivation: 12 acies in burrles; 15 arres in
pears; 2000 trees; 2 acres in asparagus; 30 cows;
10 horses: 75 calves.
Ranch ne.r rlty: rent S5 acre year; 3 crocs of
rye eras rased each year, i-urther particulars
at MUkRAY & READY' Leading Employment
Agents, 63i and 636 Clay St.
"IirANTKD— FOR SALE OR HALF INTER-
' » st: a good man for a good-payinsr oyster nnd
eh op house: besi location; clearing J250 to $300
per mouth; noagents. ' For particulars addieas F.
F., all office, Oakland.
"I\rANTED— STEADY. RELIAJJLK MAN FOB
• • position in conntry: must have $5 expense
money. Call after 10 a*, v.. 9 Geary, room 2.
r ANTKD — FOR CASH, SHOEMAKERS'
»» patching machine. LIN KLETTKR, San Jose, I
California.
THE RICHKLIEU RESTAURANT. 118 a EL-
lis su, bet. Mason and Powell, hai changed
hands, and Mr. Noel Bertgne, the new proprietor,
will continue to run it as a lir-i-ciass restauraut;
25c a meal: family entrance oft O'FarreU st.
WANTED— SALESMAN EXPERIENCED IN
school supplies. \Vhiiai>er-Ray C 0. .723 Markt
|)AHBKII.i- FOR EMPLOYMENT CALL
X) P. c. Barbers' Assn. B, FUOHS. 325 (>rsntav».
JOURNEYMEN BARKERS' KMPLOYMENI
se«-ret«rv .H. UKKNARD. 102 J*«venlh st.
BARBKR-SHOP, RUNNING 3CHAIRS; LOW
.1* rent; good location; price *125; trial given;
this Is a rare chance. J.. box 67. call Ollice.
1./AHBKR WASHSTANDS. 1. AND 3 BOWLS.
1' cheap. H. HUFsCHMIDT. 623 Golden Gate ay
IADIES' AND GENTS' MISFIT MIOKS
J bought &n<l exchanged; new vamps and sec-
ond-hand shoes fur aaic; large stock; staoes made
to order; bes- stock: work eu.Taoteed: all kinds
of repair! ni;. 74'J Mission, near Grand Opera-house.
ELCHO HOU-.K, B»53V> MARKKI I'.— J^uuJdd
i-i 20c, 2Sc to 600 nlctht; 91 to $2 weeic
9- O|' MISSION — SUBSCRIITIONS AND
— t>— U want ads taken for THK CALL.
BEsT IN CITY— SINGLE ROOMS. lft. 20 AND
25 cents per night: $1. 91 25, 91 60 per week.
Pacltic House, Commercial and l.eidesdoiH sis.
1 II'M.MH ST. — BRANCH OFFICE OF
XXU liit Call; subscrlptlou and want ads.
taken.
BRUNSWICK HOUSE, i4gsixrH sr. : OPEN
I ' all night; r< oms 26c to 91 per night: 91 25 to
$5 per week. J, G. DRAKE, Manager.
STYLISH AND DURABLE CALF SHOES
made to order. 92 60. 959 Howard, nr. Sixth.
pECRUITS WANTED rUK THK U. S. MA-
XV rine Corps, V. s. Navy— Able-bodied unmar-
ried men between the ages of 21 and 30 years
who are citizens of the United S.aies, or those
who have legally declared ihelr- intention to be-
come such; musi be of good character aud habits
and able to speak, read anil write English and b«
between 5 feet 5 Inches and 6 feet In heizht. For
lurther information apply at the Recruiting Office,
20 Kills st,. Sail Francisco, Cat,
OOMS IBe TO 75cPiiR NIGHT; 50c TO *1 SU
per week. • Oriental. 225 Drumm st.
SINGLE FUKNISHKD ROOMS; 16c A NIGHT;
O 750 week. Llndell House, Bixth and Howard.
WANT ADs AND SUBSCRIPTIONS FOR
»" Thk Call are taken at Branch office, south-
west corner sixteenth and Mission sts.
WANTKD.TOIOLI..KCT WAGES DUF. LABOH
«rs<tclerks. KNOX Collection A«cy. 110 Butter
'■)>\'-}U MISSION ST.— BRANCH OFFICE OF
_»J.- U Thk Call; suhacrlpiioas ana waut ada
taken. ...
MUtY ACMK HOUSE, 957 MARKET ST.. BJS-
X low eutb. for a room; tibc a night; $1 a weox.
lfin MKN "TO TAKE LODGING AT 10c, 150
x vv/.and -^0c a night. Including coffea aua roils.
t!24 Washington st , near Kearny.
WANTED-AN IDEA: WHO CAN THINK
" tome clmpla thing to patent* l'rotect yoar
KJeas; they may brln« "oo wealth. Write JOHN
WEDDERBLRN «fc CO. Dept. L, Patent Attor-
neys, Washington. D. C, for tfcelr S1&00 i>ru«
ofler and list of '.'OO inventions wanted.
UrAXTKI)_i,ABOHEIW AND MECHANICS
■ 'to know that Ed Kolkln, Reno House proprie-
tor, still runs Denver Honse, 217 Third St.: 15 J
large rooms; 25c per nlgUt; 9L to 93 per week.
POSEDALE, 321 ELLIS ST.-SINi.LK FUR-
XV nlshed rooms, 20c to 25c night, SI to 91 60 wk.
EfeiMo.s wants 100 m&« iv okt bot-
• tie beer or win* 6c oest iree lunch. 643 Clay.
WINCHKSTKK HO USli, 44 THIKD bT., NX.
'» Marcet: 200 rooms. 250 a night: reading-
room: treu bus and baggage 10 and Irom the ferry.
\V ANTED-SlNuLik ROOM«, 16c A DAY; *1
'» week; rooms for 2. 25c a day. 91 60 a wee*:
readliiK-room: dally papers. S6 Clay si.
ANTED, YOUR BfIOKS —WK RKPAfIi
'» shoes up to 0 o'clock every night: those work-
Ing through the day can have their snoea repair*!
at night white you waU: laaiea' sollag, Use; mea'i -
kollnc W»c; line shoes made to order irom 92 up:
we have a lot of sho«* been damaged by water, «v
less than one-fourth.' their value, from 25c up uj
92 00. bat Alisaion su, bet. First au and Becoaa ah ,
AGENTS WANTED.
AGENTS— ALL THE BOOKBUYERS WILL
buy the new memorial edition of "Uncle
Tern's Cabin": if you wish. to make money don't
delay In applying for territory to F. PERSON,
manager subscription department, The Whltaker
•t Ray Company. 723 Market St.
A GENTS— A NEW MAP OF CALIFORNIA,
A the latest and the best; now is the time to
make mom-y: "strike while the iron Is hot." F.
Per«on, manager subscription dept.. THE WHIT-
AKER it RAY COMPANY, 723 Market St.
A MUSICAL AHSOCIAIION DKSIRES THE
services of active ladies or gentlemen; a good
commission or guarantee salary of $50 a month.
Cali at room 17, 31S Pine st., s-an Francisco.
WANTED — CANVASSERS FOR LATEST
»" best-selllnc novelty: blst money made easy.
Apply at once bet. 9 and 12 a. »c 1664 Alabama.
" RYANS GREAT SILVER BATTLE";
J ' agents wanted; outfit 20c, prepaid. Addr«ss
Nation ii Publishing Company, Lakeside building,
Chicago, 111.
T ADY OR GENTLEMEN AGENTS WANTED
XJ In each town on the coast for office businens.
Send 10c tor samples and circulars to Nature Sup-
ply Company, 24 v 2 Third st., S. F.
BOAKDING WANTED.
VOUSa LADY EMPLOYED DURING DAY
X wishes board and room, permanent: ref. ex.
changed; state price, which must bo moderate. Y.
L.. box b. Call Office.
IDDLE-AGED MECHANIC WOULD LIKE
todin and board lv private latuiiy. C. D.. box
2, Call Office.
T\r ANTED— FURNISHED ROOM, WITH
»» board, in private family, for single gentle-
man; north of MarKet und east of Jones preferred;
stale price. Address M. R., box 44, Call Otlice.
COTTAGE WANTED.
ANTED-BRli-Hl SUNNY lOTTAGE OF
" 6 rooms; mus be north of Market and west of
Van Ness. Address J. 8., box R9, Call Office.
WANTKD-MISCELLAXEOUS.
tS«9X TO THE PERSONS NAMING STATES
<iP'-*J from which next Cabinet Ministers come;
in' lose 10 ceota for sample of cough syrup. Box
115, North Inalanapolis, Ind.
GAS KNGINK WANTED; ABOUT 4 H. P.:
in good order: state price, make and time been
tutd. a s., box 79, Call Office. •• %-
"IAT" NTED— I-HORSEPOWER MOTOR OR
»» Uvnamo: also second-hand Wheeler & Wilson
sewing-machines, No. 11. Address S. C, Dox 13»,
Call Office.
BUILDINGS BOUGHT; LUMBKR. SASHES,
doors, mantels, etc, lor sole. 1166 Mission si.
SELL YOUR BOOKS, CLOTHING AND JEW-
eiry to A. KLEIN. 109 Sixth at.; Bend postal.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, THE WORLD'S MOST i
Camous medium o( modern times. Don't fall
to»ee her If you are interested In the affairs of life;
if u.arriage, sickness, deaths, changes, travels, di-
vorces, separations, lawsuits, business transac-
tions, wills, deeds and mortgages, lost or stolen
property, lost or absent friends. Interest you: if
you .care to know what you should do to be suc-
cessful, where you should go and whom to avoid,
when to buyttud nell slocks, etc.; In a word, what-
i ever may be your iroub'e, suspicions or desires,
I call on this gifted woman and she will send you
away happier, wiser and bolder than ever before.
I Hours if \. M. to»p. m.. strict. N. B.— Satisfaction
I guaranteed by mail. Send stamp tor pamphlet,
speciul terms. MRS DR. F. LaRK. 120U Mar-
ket st.. narlors 25 and 26. Take elevator.
MMX. LE NORMAND, GREATEST CLAIR-
-IVL voyant In the worl.i, permanently located
where she can be consulted on all affairs of life;
Hie ci.ar s f'om $1 00 up: r-a'tingby mall 50c. In
order to reach all classes aud suit the times I have
j reduced my prices of private sit-.ln sto 25c. Call
! and becouvirKeJ. Cut this out. Otlice. 1 Polk St.
CC. c. c. c.
V. Remaining 2 weeks only; the famous, world-
renowned Miss Van de Vere will foretell your fu-
tnre, guide your affections and secure you infallible
luck In love, courtship and marriage: business
and mining investments aspecialty : positive proof
of accurate predictions given. 1 Fifth si., room L
MMX. DR THOMAS. SCIENTIFIC REVEAL-
er by eggs and cards: tells entire life, past,
present, tuture; consultations on all affairs: noth-
! int; excepted; names given: good advice: sura
help; restores lost love by sympathy; mistake Im-
possible: fee *1: leui-r $2. 9-9 Post st., nr Larkln.
MRS. SAYLOR, MEDIUM FOX MINERS
mid Inventors; a line clairvoyant and oc> uli-
ist; llf« cbaris by mail 91; sltting-i 25c and up;
lost &rt'ection.i restored; spiritually revealed rem-
edies. 135 Hayes at.
MME. NEOMA, CARD-READER; PAST,
present and future; 25c. 131 Fourth st. ; sat-
isfaction guaranteed.
MME. RAVEN A READS LIFE FLUENTLY:
business advice: namesgiven; 25c up.s Fourth
MISS MELVILLE, WELL-KNOWN (.LAlR-
voyant, 61 Fifth st.;w»ter readings a specialty.
"\-OUNG WIDOW IN GOOD CIRCUMSTANCES
X wants cenlleman partner. 101 Mston st.
CONSULT THE LUCKY MRDIUM; 25c; ONE
price. 41 Minna st., near Second.
GYPSY LIFE- JiKADER REMOVED TO 3
Seventh st , nr. Market; ladles 25c, gents 50c.
A LICK FAY. MEDIUM AND MAGNETIC
healer, permanent 123 Seventh st-, lop flat.
I MF. LEON A RETURNED; CARDHEADER;
I iX magnetic treatrm-nl. 995 Market, room 3.
MME. MOREAU, BKSr CLAIRVOYANT AND
medium in city: fee 25c up. 764 Howard st.
MRS. B. BAUMANN, BEST-KNOWN CLAIR.
IVi voyant In the city. Residence. 132 Turk sk
ME. SYBILLK TELLS FROM. CRADLK TO
I>l grave; pictures glven:ladles 25c: Ul4 O*Farr«lL
MMX. WALTERS OF TEHAMA; CARDS; LA
di»s, 25c: gents, 60c. 951 Mission, cr. 6th.
MME. LEOETTE. CLAIRVOYANT AND BUS.
advice; 25c; one price. 311 Tehama, nr. 4th.
MME. HANSEN, PALMIST, CARD-READER;
past, present and future: 25c. 148 6th. r. 5.
spiritualism. .;.!■
MMX. opman, spiritual TRANCE medi-
um; life readings, love affairs, business Invest-
ments, mining speculations specialty. b3B Mission.
I?DNA ;WALLACE, "THE ORIGINAL" ME-
J dlnm and magnetic healer. Bt3s',a Market St.,
room 10.
MMX. YOUNG'H TEST CIRCLE TO-NIGHT;
1U 10c; orchestra rhd quartet. 41H McAllister.
MME. GKAY. IHE WONDERFUI MAGNET-
IC healer. 142 beventn st., room 33.
MRS. H.LLIS. MEDIUM: SITTINGS.9 TO B, 91;
circles Tui'3., Frl.. 2p. 11., 25c. 233 Valencia.
MRS. H. A. GKIFFIN— CIR. SUN. EVE.; 25c;
parlor-test mtg. Thur. eve. : stgs- 426V3 Grove.
\ i RS. .J. J. WHITNEY, CLAIRVOYANT.
i'l trance tost medium «fc life reader. 218 Stockton
AM. PKaNCIS, INDEPENDENT SLATE
. writer 118 Halrht st.: hours 9 until 6 p ic
• • HYPNOTISM.
THE LIQUOR, MORPHINE AND ClGAR-
ette liatit. also nervous complaints, cured by
hypnotism. Prof.T.A.Ki!:NNKDY,I3OEIIis,r.29-30
HYPNOTISM SCIENTIFICALLY TAUGHT;
XX success grtd.HypnotlcMesmerlclns,6 O'FarreU
ASTKOLOUV.
YOUR LIFE— THOUSANDS TtSTIFY I RE-
X veal past and future: si-nd 25c for character
sketch and diseases, birthplace, year, sex, month,
hour, a. m. or p. v. if possible PROF. It aIK D,
astrologer, Dept. 2. San Jose. Cat. ' ;.""■■.
DENTISTS.
DR. J. J. LEKK, 1126 MARKET ST.; OPEN
evenings: Sundays till noon.
ULL SET OF TEETH, $7: WARRANTED S
years; painless extraction: see our new com t.i
tion plate: thinnest, liglitdst, coolest plate made;
warranted 10 ytars: fillings. 60c; crowns, *3 .0.
CHICAGO DENTAL PARLORS, 24 Sixth stree..
T7IIRST-OLAS3 DENTISTRY; CHEAP; PAV-
£ able 91 week. CHAPMAN. 16th and Mission.
POSITIVELY PAINLESS EXTRACTION.
X UK. HARDING, 600 Sutter; ttl. main 5376.
CHALKaNT A CHALFANT, MOVED FROM
V 8 Mason to 119 Powell: brldgework aspecialty.
pOLTON DENTAL ASSOCIATION. 806 MAR-
\J ket st. ; DR. I'll AKI.K-1 W. DECKER.
• Q»7 A SET FOR TEETH- WARRANTED A3
Ol good as can be made; filling 91. DR SIMMS,
dentist. 930 Market St.. next Baldwin Theater.
I>AINLESS KXTKACITON. 50c: CROWN
X bridge work a specialty: plates 95 up: lSyeart'
experience. R. L. WALSH, D.D.S., 815% Ueary.
DR. LUDLUM HILU 1443 MARKET ST, NR.
Eleventh; no chance lor extracting wh»a
pl&tes are made: old plates made over like now;
leeth from $8 per set; extracting 60c; gas given.
SET Or 1 TEE I'll WITHOUT A rLAIX UtL
OH. G. Young. 1841 l'otk st. ' :-'';; .
CROOME DENTAL ASSOCIATION. 769 MAR-
\J ket, bet. Sd end 4th; pas vpeclatlsbs; palnlen
fxtraclin^, with gas, »l; plates. «5 np; fill, 91 up
DX. UtOXUK W. LEEK. TriK IiENUINK
Leek dentist, discoverer of painless extraction
and patentee of Improved bridge work or leeta
without any plate.' moved trom ttto -Oo'FarreUj;.
ALL WOBK REASON ABLB AND W4*
xanteO. DJ3. J. W. Xii V, 1122 auritec st.
PERSONALS.
pENTLEMAN PAST 30, WITH COMFORT-
VT able income, good character and appearance,
desires to meet lady possessing above qualifica-
tions; brunette; musi' lan preferred: no triflers
wanted; object matrimony. Address H. H., box,
39, Call Office. • ™
C^KNTLEMAV WITH MEANS, TEMPER-
vT ate, good reference, age 43, would like to tna«e
acquianiance of lady under 40 who owns eood
ranch or business: object matrimony. Address
H. O_ box 76, Call Office.
"\\rOULD LIKE TO KNOW WHEREABOUTS
t» of Edward Bishop: resided on Market st. in
November, 1895. Call 167 Ninth st.
M WANT TO SEE YOU MONDAY, BP. M •
• If possible write. H. '
SOAP-CALL 419 GEARY ST., ROOM 16.
L.
rjENTLEMAN. 35 YEAKS OLD.CULfURED.
vj with amlnbla disposition and kind h»art,
speaking several languages, desires to find a Jposl-
tion in nice family as au in tructoror companion:
money not the object as a good home; highest ref-
erence 3. Please aadrnss M. M., box 35, Call Office.
CJ.KNTLEMAN, TEMPORARILY EMBAR-
VJ rassed, would like to negotiate with private
par ty for the loin of $500; haid loan wanted for
15 days; security «orth $2000 will tie placed in
toaner's hand* to ensure prompt repayment, and
a bonus of $50 will be given for the arcommoda-
tion: party njustbe responsible. Address B. 8.,
box 132, call Office.
-FEBRUARY 3. 1897-ANY SEAMAN WHO
A has le:t any clothlnif at my house p ea3e
call at W. L\NK\s, 504 Davis su, and re-
£ ce n m «'. hetni as l am out of tn « uusiuess. WM.
THOMPSON, 103 Clarke s:.. city.
ADVICE FREE; DIVORCE LAW* A BPEC-
ialty: private; no fee without success: pro-
bate, insolvency, wills, collections, bills of sale,
damages, etc ; private detectives: estab. 10 years.
G.W.HOWE, at:y-at-law. 850 llarket.cor.Stocktn
1 A GRIPP.B
And all kindred diseases easily cured wi:hout
medicine. Electricity is life, and as applied with
the wonderful electrical appuratus used at
DR. SMITH'S ELKCiRO-MAGNi TIC BATHS
Ihe cure i.s both pleasant and permanent. Noth-
ing like iv Go at once ana be well. Sunny rooms
anil hygienic board very reasonable. Free consul-
tation 1 to 3 ami «to 8, Sundays 10 to 12. ta.lor
adoress 1533 BUCHANAN sU
DOZENS OF MUSHROOM IMITATORS AND
people claiming to liav«r bad connections with
me arespiinging up every day — people who are
jea.ons of my success. Don't make any mistakes.
lt'sG. J.EDI-.RER.I I 1 Stockton St.. nenrest Geary,
that you warn 10 »i c; my price lor liHir-drt;Ssiii<; is I
positively sc i only for any and all styles; same
price in ihe store us in the advertisements.
AKK YOU IiK'ITINO BALD? IS YOUR HAIR
-TV falling out? Consult EIUTII E. McLEAN,
physician for ihe hair: best of references and tes-
timonials. Rooms 714 715 spreckels building,
927 Market St.: .separate parlors for ladies.
"OATHTUBS RK-ENAMELKD: OLD ZINC OR
XJ porcelain, equal to *ew: chandeliers, plctnre-
irames or mirrors regilded by exiert; prices low.
S-nt add re .-til to C, 100 m 13, Epworth House,
1037 i/a Muruet st.
SAVE YOUR LIFE: SURE Cl'Hb FOR
asthma. Address J. WIMSWH, 1427% Pine su
p ENTLKMAN PARTNER WITH SMALL
VJ c»pital wanted by a lady. 116 Mxth St., rm 2.
PAG CARPETS WOVE TO ORDER FOR SALE:
■!■*> also chenille-wove rugs, silk-rag portieres: deal-
er in carpet twine in hank or chain at lowest rates.
GEO. MATTHEW, 709 Fifth sU. Oakland. Cal.
MAIDEN, 24, WORTH $11,000. WOULD
marry. Maiden, «4 NE. Thirteenth St., Port-
land, Or.; inclose stamp.
BOUT YOUR BUST. LADIES!
The Vio-Datur Is guaranteed to develop any |
part 01 the body to which it Is applied wi'.hin 30
<luys; the Vio-Datur is a home treatment which
75 out of every 100 ladies need, and it belongs to
the class of worthy preparations which accom-
plish magnificent results in the way of uevelopin
the bust aud uiving tm k to women Ihe neauty and
charm of youth; the Vio-Datur is indorsed by
United Siates Health lieports. New York, Dec. 1,
1896. paze7. Address THE VIO-DATUR, 1181-
-1183 Broadway, New Yortc City.
DANCING — BALLROOM OR TAUGHT.
IRVINE'S, 927 Mission su, opp. U. S. Mlnu
"I ADIE*. YOU R BUST ENLARGED 6INCHE
X -failure impossible; results guaranteed; 1000
testimonials; book full particulars sealed 4c. Aurum
Medicine Co., Dept. K. L.. 55 state st., < hicago
DOWER 50 YEARS OF AGE DESIRES I
• • Uie acquaintance 01 a lady of suitable ace: ob-
ject matrimony. Widower, box 16, this office.
yol'XG ATTRACTIVE BRUNETTE WITH
-L large property interests desires to meet eKierly
bacneloror w .dower capable of managing property;
object matrimony. Address Lady Lord, bx 15. Call.
MX. J. PHILLIPS. LADIES' FASHION- !
able hairdresser, removed 10 J2O Geary su,
opposite California Furniture Co.; popular urlces.
IF HANNAH GILBERT. LA I K OF MAN-
chester. England, would communicate with her
relatives she wuuld hear of something to her ad-
vantage. T-; . ..
TTONORABLE MAN, 35, SOBER, SHOK-
XX maker, wants to meet lady between 20 and 30 I
with -ome meaus. Address LEO CAPO, 562 Mis-
siou st.
PRIVATE ntTECTIVE WORK DONE REA-
X sonabe; 10 years' experience; all matters
strictly confidential. G. ±t. WEBSTER, 104 Mason
st , ruom 6. SSHBI
AINTING, WHITENING, PAPERING:
lowest estimates-.beßt work guaranle d; wall pa-
per 3croll. EDWARDS. 1200 Webster, cor. Eddy.
"\fI?S KEEOAN (FORMERLY WITH G. LED-
I'X erer) lias opened a stylish hall-dressing paror;
latest effecis;price 25c. 124 1/3 O'Farrell. nr.Powell.
OLD GOLD BOUGHT; HIGHEST PRICES. O.
\J N'JLTi , jeweler, 222 O'*arrell st., nr. Mason.
MRS. THOMPSON, RETURNED; HAlR-
dresser and mauicure. 605 Post st-. room 2.
ROF. ARNOLD, MAGNETIC HEALER— ALL
disease successfully ireated; rheumatism posi-
tively cured. Call or write 786 Stevenson st.
Mrs. c. Sanchez, artistic hair-
dresser and manicure. 514 Pine su, room 7.
AURA DE FORCE GORDON. ATTORNEY
XJ at law. 1236 Market, over J. J. O'Brien's.
ETROPOLITAN I'ETKCTIVK BUREAU,
Parrott building, over Emporium: offices, 540-
-541: hours 3 a m. 10 12 P. M-: tele. Mint 1471.
"I i\l\l\ CARDS, $1 60. SHOW CARDS, KTa
IUUU Tel. Black 141. HILL. 22% Geary St.;
dl* 1 %■ DOZEN— FINE CABIN Ai' Wli,
tJP-L SON'S Gallery. 1028 Market.
r.97 MONTGOMERY ST., BRANCH OFFICE I
• '—I oiThicCall: want ads and subscriptions
taken.
pARTINGTON'S i-CHOOL OF MAGAZINE
1 and Newspaper Illustration: particulars aa to
terms, etc.. 424 Pine St.; Illustrations :uriiished
tor magazines, newspapers, etc -
ARTISTIC HAIRUKESMNO. 25c; $25 FOR
cases of hair faillns; or dandruff I cannot cure
MRS. HUBBARD. 1101 Market su, room 28.
UUPTURE AND PILES CURED: NO PAY
XV until cured: send for boo*. DRS. Mi.vj.
FIELD & PORTERFIELD. 83» Market st.
AGNISCOPE — NEW PROJECTING MA-
chine; uses the klnetoscope him price 125 a
BA.CIGALUPI. 946 Market st.
WALLPAPER, 4C A ROLL: PAPER HANO-
" Ins. paintlng.etc, by contract or day's worlcat
yonrown pnee. N.K. MEkigaN, 1302 Webster su
hIG OUTDOOR STEREOPTICON SHOW EVE-
ry night cor. Market and Sixth Bts.; artistic ad-
vertisements in living light; promoters of busl-
Dess. Consult OWL ADV. CO.. 1140 Market st.
LKCTRIC LIGHTS IN EVERY ROOM:
\V inchester House. 44 Third su, nr Market :
1:00 rooms, 25c to $1 60 per night: «l 50 to (6 per
week; free bus and baggage to and lrom the ferry.
DIVORCr. AND ANNULMENT OF MAR-
J rlage: terms of payment obliging: legal every-
where. Address locic box F, 906 Market su, ti F.
pLOAKS.FUKS AND SUITS KETAXLKD Al'
\J holesalw prices. Factory. 20 Sansome sU
LOST. •
T OST— A LI'ITLE CANVAS BAG CONTAIN-
J-J Ing valuable jewelry. A liberal reward will
be given for its return to 310 Pine su, 100 m 39.
T. OST-BLACK LEATHER BaG CONTAIN-
-3* mi 6 On Muricet st 's reward. B. C, Dox
LOST-GOLD HEART-SHAPED, WITH NAME
Chas. W. Dixon; liberal reward; no questions.
214 Pine st., room 3. .-•?. : t .j.
1 OST— REWARD — TW' TYPE- WRITTEN
-l-J coplej specifications. Return 223b Deviia-
dero st. • ,
1 OST— AT MECHANICS' LIBRARY, UM-
JJbrlla Finder return to library or Jwwelry-
storo. 732 Market at.; reward |2 50; no questions
asked. ■
LOST-BADGE: CALIFORNIA SCHUETZEN
Club, 1890: American eagle, flag and shield.
Liberal reward to finder at 809 Montgomery su
BRANCH OFFICE OFTHE CALL, 167 NI.STH
±f su:' want ad< and subscriptions taken.
LOIJGIKU-HOUSES FOR SALE. j
Of\ ROOM HOUSE ON MARKET ST 1400
Ov 22-room house, only .8 400
66 rooms, cor... S,UOO| 14 rms on Sutter. 700
11 rs., must sell 2O.'| 66 rms, best city. 3,500
H. C. DECKr.R, 1020 Market su, opp. Fifttj.
p OOD PAYrNG ROOMING-HOUSE OF 7
'J rooms: will sell cheap on aicountof parties
leavini; the lei ty. Apply 18 Mary st., bet. Fifth
and Mxtli.
PHYSICIANS. — —
TjR. C. C. O«DONNELL. 1206 7 MARKET, KES.
i-J 2864. 25th su ; diseases ot womea a specialty.
, . BUSINESS CHANCE j^___^_
p2ll"tO-DAY-^375 WILL SECURE AN
\J old and very extensive business; great sacri
fice: actually worth *-000: has cleared over
•350 a month for 5 years; prospects were never
better, being facts, wh eh investißatlon will po«_ ■
lively prove. Particulars of SICK 6-0 J>iar- l
ket st. -: ; ■> ■ ■ ■ *- » '■.::•.». w
PARTNERS WANTED IN A COUNTRY AND ]
X city real estate business: must hove some capi
tal. Address with references, otherwise no notice
will be tafceD, JVI. Z., box 116, CalL : __
©OAAA partner wanted in gooi>
e-iUUU. paying business; advertiser well
known by leading business men. I arurniars
G. C-, box 47, Call Office. " ' '.-■'■ " . -'
©Qnnn capital wanted in loca* 1
«3POUUU manuiac.urini: business soon to be es-
tablished where investment wUI net over 400 per
cenu K. R., box 19, Call. r. -'_■-/ ■
rfIHOSE WHO ARE SEEKING BUSINESS
X places it will pay hem to consult the reliable
firm of THOMAS <fe CO., 33 Sixth St., room 18.
Telephone South 592.
DhOSPEROUS REPUBLICAN WKEKIY
X newspaper; golden opportunity: easy terras;
owner leaving. Ad Iress N., box 61, this office.
PARTY WOULD LIKE TO BUY HALF-IN-
Xterest in undertaking fstablithment: s:ate ad-
dress and full particulars. - G. S., box 32, Call.
ANTED— TO RENT A FURNISHED ROAD
V? house or saloon, with family rooms, in coun-
try towu. B. 8.. box I*s. Call office.
PROFITABLE BUTCHER-SHOP WITH FIX-
X tures to rent; cheap: a chance of a lifetime;
see it. 813 Greenwich st.
Partner WANTED IN paying sa-
-Tloon: recently opened; will bear investiga-
tion. Room 18, 33 Hxih st
PARTNER WANTED. WITII *150 TO IN- '
X vest In a medical-bath treatment business. 33
Sixth su, room 18.
INE CANDY -STORE ON MARKET ST..
doing a good business; will bear investigation.
33 Sixth st., room 18.
T»/ ELL-PAYING SAI.OON AT A BARGAIN.
" Inquire of G. W. STERLING, comer O'Far-
reil and J.mes sts. ■_'.•--■•
ffiQAA WANTED on first mortgage
t©OUU on a $7000 to $8000 property. Particu-
lars 412 Nntoiua st. ■ •• :-'
WANTED— A LKCTOR IN A LARGE
concern with few hundred dollars. R. S.,box
21, Call Office. . .
ASSAYING OUTFIT AND ESTABLISHED W
business for sale. .Address Assay er, box -5, /
Auburn, Cal. SSJSSrsT-"'* /
GOOD-PAYING CANDY, STATIONERY AND
vJT cUar-store; cheap; account of sickness. ISI4
jdloward st.
PAR'IN'EIt — NEW BOTTLING BUSINESS;
X must have some cash. S. W.. box 19, Call.
\\T OOD \N D COAL YARD FOKS ALE CHEAP.
»» 664 Howard su
QMP\A FRUII>yrORE: GO D LOCAIION;
<4P I UU. great bargain. L.. box 132, Call Office,
TO LET— CARRIAGE PAIN! SHOP; GOOD
location for business. IS4O Turk st.
(Djl Cfi partner wanted in LIGHT
«Jv/. Indoor business: Immense profits;
plenty of work: great chance for small invest-
menu 9 Geary su, room 2.
ARTY WOULD LIKE TO PUT A LITTLE
money Into some business, manufacturing or
otherwise, as partner. Addrts* S., box 142, Call.
QTOKAGE WAREHOUSE, $-00 INCOME PER
0 month, must be sold. Call 1396 Market su
for partlculais.
ALOON FOR SALE: A BARGAIN; ON AC-
count of leaving city. 515 Market, st.
PARTNKR WANTED WITH SMALL CAPI-
-1 lal; no fake. Address J. J., box 46, Call Office.
ai?*:>nA saloon NEAR PRINCIPAL mar-
«lP«->\J\_F. ket; cheap renu For information ad-
dress S. P. WILSON. 431 Green wlcn su
HAIRDRKSSING ESTABLISHMENT FOR
J-L sale: party leaving city; good paying busi-
ness. Adores* >. N., box »7, Call Offiie.
7M G A R-ST AN I) -. BOOM~FOR EMPLOYMENT
\J office and basement; free first month. 539
California st.
pENTLEMAN PARTNER WITH SMALL
VT capital waated by young widow. 207 Post, r. 8.
1 UN CH- HOUSE AND SALOON FOR SALE,
Xj cheap. Apply Call Office.
%1 E\f\Cl FOR SALE OR EXCHANGE FOR
•iP-1 U\J\r. city property.old-established harness
business in San Luis Obispo County: if residence
is wanted $4500. Address W., box 60, Cail Office.
TTN PARALLELED INDOCKMENTS FOR IN-
y vestors In good sold mine. For particalarj call
H. H. FERNS, 450 Townsend st. • • .
A N IMATOSCOPE — PROJECTING LIVING
jtX. pictures. Anlmatoscope, 933 Mrkt , 7th floor.
GENTLEMAN PARTNER BY ATTRACTIVE j
XX aud refined young lady. 1 Fifth St., room 1. - '
FOR SALE— OLD-ESTABLISHED SALOON
and house on accouu: of sickneas; cheap. 250
Spear St.
OR SALE— GROCERY AND BAR; 3 ROOMS;
reasonable. Cor. Fifteenth and Dolores.
XPKESS BUSINESS, COR. SANSOME AND
Suttersts. J. C. FKfcDE KICKS.
BEAUTIFUL SAN RAFAEL; THK OLD-liS.
XJ labllshed CENTRAL IiUTKL for sale on ac-
count of death: rare cuonce. Apply to proprietor.
GROCERY AND BAR, WITH 6 LIVING-
VT rooms; kept by!prt»sent owner 12 years. SE.
cor. Twenty-sixth and Bartiett su
pHENfx RESTAURANT, 2130 FILLMORE
X St., for sale; $150: trial given; cause disagree-
ment of partners: see the cook.
CIGAR-STAND AND LAUNDRY OFFICE-
good location: low renu 210 Gran; aye.
r\LD-b.STABLISHED CANDY ROUTE AND
\J wazon. Address L. PFENNINGEK, 28 Page.
BRANCH BAKERY WITH OCTSIDK CUS-
tomers for sale. Cor. Bush and Pierce sts.
rpo TAILORS— A GOOD CHANCE TO BUY A.
X good merchant tailoring business, with or with-
out goods and trimmings on hand, or half Interest
for a good cutter and tailor; located about thirty
miles from San Francisco; sickness cause of s-U>
Ing. Owner can be seen from 10 to 2 o'clock, Sun-
day, Febrnary 8, 1897, at Brooklyn Hotel.
ITY ROUTE FOR SALE. APPLY THIS
office. - .
OCOP MISSION — SUBSCRIPTIONS AND
*LUJL\) want ads taken for The Call ' .
(J»O/|n BIJYa" H>iTEL AND bar : R>;NT
«IPZ.UU $12. 2521 Twenty-iounh st., uear
Potrero aye.: car slops.
"LU.sE BASEMENT SUITABLE FOR ANY
JT business; one block from Market. 15 Grant aye.
T ATEST CARFENDKP. PATENT; BEST IN.
JLi vention. Apply 623 Golden Gate aye.
•VTEWSPAPER ROUTE IN INTERIOR CITY
1\ close to ban Francisco. For particulars apply
this office.
QQQ HAVES— BRANCH OFFICE OF THK
OiJu Call; subscriptions and want ads taken.
FURNITURE FOR SALE. .
AMONKY-KAISING SALE— 3O dXy^TonTy~ 'T
Bedroom sets, 3 pieces yg 50 ™
Solid oak dining chairs 73,.
4-room furniture outfit. $g7 5 U
Brussels carpet, laid 55c var .
SHIREK <fc aIIIREK. 747 Market 6U."oi»p3«iw
Grant aye. ; Uw
A LL KINDS OF HOUSEHOLD GOf>DS. MaT-
JA. tresses, chairs, tables, crockery and glassware
sacrificed cheap; party moving away. 21 li^ 9th.
400 CARPI iTS: CHAMBER BE is. U -
-IUV/ stoves, *5: parlor lets. *30: foldinc-b*i\
$10: bar outfits. T. D. MCCARTHY. 764 Missloi
AT L. J. NEUMANN'S. 117 SIXTH. FOtt
lowest prices on household roods: uew or cool
new; caa 1 or on lime: open evenings.
i^oß SALE-FURNITURE OF FOUR rooms
good as new: must be sold in a few days. Call
aud Investigate at 35 Dorland su
FOR SaLE-FURNITURE 4 OR 6 ROOMS
X complete for housekeeping. 553 Natoma st.
pURXITURE. STOVES, CARPETS, COUN-
J. ters. showcases. ANDERSON. 1121 Markeu
FURNITURE WANTED.
TF YOU WANT GOOD PRICKS FOR FURN'T-
J- tnre and merchanobe see BURD, 211 Larktn.
TJIOHERI-hICK THAN ANYWHERE PAID
XX by Indian. Auction C 0.1057 Markeuopp.Jo n e,
CARPET CLEANING. ~~
CITY STKAM CARPET CLKANlNoTwo^t'ifT*
\J cleans, moves, lays carpets. G. H. STEVEN
Msr. 38 aud 40 Eighth st. ; lelephoue South 25U %
Vtr HEN YOU BECOME DISGUSTED WITH
. * ' poor work toSPAULDING'S Pioneer^
pet-beating Works, 353-57 Tehama stj_g^g"
pAP.PKT-CLEANING, 3c: LAYING 3c- Rrn
\J samples free; tel. Jessie 944 ; _Hiratton; i
VAN CE CA RPET-CLE ANIN G CO 7^l T
A sutter ; tel. Main 394. QEO. WaLcqS: »l U^ "
T WATTS, reliable carpet-cleanlnc — 7T~
J . atlon works. 409 McAllister. J^sfie 3 TCITY UISAIi ESTATE.
GH. UMBSEN & CO.,
. REAL ESTATB AGENTS,
Rent Collectors and Auctioneers,
14 Montgomery st., nt-ar Market
BARQAINB-JUST RECEIVED.
BTJSISKBB COBNBB ON FILLMORE ST.
w? l i f\f)(\ btork AND flat AND 2-
Jll.Ul'u. story house: rent $900 per an-
num; lot 27:6x81:3: owner very anxious to seil ;
. improvements ■ omparutively new. r ~<*
KIIHMOiND SPECULATION.
' C"/7"' n I.AIUi CORKER LOT: EQUAL
O_I«)U. to 7 full lots; this is a good and safe
lnves ment.
RICHMOND BLOCK— CHEAP.
<Bi-/>Q 000 I'ACXi ON D ST.; 240x600
• C^O.UUU. feet, making 50 full lots; must be
.sold: offer wanted.
BUSINESS HKOPKRTT.
<3"'-^(inn PACIFIC STORK AND FLAT
. i£i)\l\J\J. and home rent #23 per month; part
of lot vacant: 26x71:6; street accepted
AG R A N BARGAIN.
, KKNT Pi R ANNUM: DOU-
<T— "JV/V-. bie cotUuje of 4 rooms each; lot 26x
fO: street acc-t-pted; in the best renting locality s.
of Maruet s:. '
c\Lll- JINiA ST.; RICHMOND
LARGE LOT-. 26x1i.'0; OWNER
V W «'V. very auxlouB of selliuK; price low.
A SPLENDID BARO&IN. l*»"iwi
"^4OOO YLOR ST.: RENT $540 PER
'*• U V annum: 4 flats; on-' of 5 rooms and
three of 4 rooms each: lot running through to
rear street: street accepted: this Is one of the best
- layniK Investments of i:s kind for sale.
CHBAP LOTS.
Q. 1 t\l)Ci 37:6x80; ON FOLSOM ST.; F.LEC-
"4i? l v\J\J. trie cars pi.Rs; rjady io build ol ; a
very cheap lot.
GOOD MISSION BUBINEB3 <( i;nkr.
Q*-ionn NKAItLY NEW HUILDIXQ IN
*.)\i\J\J. store aud flat: re'it #.H;2 per annum:
• bay-windows, bricK Joundaii sione wa.ks, eic ;
street accepted; large gore lot.
COZY WESTERN ADDITION COTTAGK.
'JOi .1) AN EXCEPTIONAL BARGAIN
<lP*JO''v. on account Of owner tles:rou» of roing
tast; cozy bay-window cottage of 6 rooms and
bath: brick foundation, etc.; 28x87:6, smaJl
amount cash.
L UX LOT.
•ft^^OO^ 49x80: GOOD LOCATION FOR 4
C«'UUU. small flais.
MISSION RisIDENCE Vl XV CHEAP.
SWfIA SUKSTA.NTIAL 3-STOKY HOUSE
."UP — -Ul'. of 7 rooms and baih: brick founda-
tion, etc.: 25x100; San Jos- avenue; nice location;
property would be cheap at $3000.
GuLDEN uatk avk.m k f^ats.
lill./Hi FLAT* ALONh CO>T $8000 TO
«35«7»'UU. bui'd: rent $1020 per annum: 4
modern flats of 6 a d 5 ro"ius aud bath tach; lot
60x100; th s is v splendid buy.
CORTLAND AVENUE BUSINESS PROP-
/ • tRTY.
• <« y qnO BUILDING ONLY 3 YEARS OLD;
tj ~O\i\J. modern 2-story hou.*e In s'.oreand
i K>ms and flat of b rooms at:d bath; ri.-nt (360
annum -. 28x112:6; street work done. '
WKSTKRN ADD. T ION RESIDENCE AT A
HA IN.
Q'l^nn 2-STORY HOUSE OF 7 ROOMS,
C — Uvt*. etc.; In one of the best localities.
L> STREKT LOT.
Q.°> k > r -\f\ 25X100; THIS STREKT IS GOING
— O\J. to be the Fifth avetoue of san Fran-
chco.
MISSIOX CORKER FLATS.
J-J.A RKNT #36 PKR MONTH: 2 RUB-
I-M'VF. slantial bay-window flats of 6 and 5
rooms a:.<l ba'.h each: brie« foundation; stone
• wHlks. etc. ; corner o L>o ores St.
SUmsluX cOk.nKR i- a is.
Q |.-.|Wj RKNT #36 PER MONTH; 2 SUiJ-
• lt>y.'\J. stuntlal bay-window flats of 6 and 5
loims and bath each: brick iouuflatlon; gtone
wul ks, etc corner on Dolores St. : 25x89
Call and obtain one of on -'Kenl Estate Records"
. which contains a list of properties for sale Iv a.l
parts of ihe city.
■ O. H. UMB^EX & CO., 14 Montgomery st.
SHAiNWALD. BI'I'KBKK it CO, jlliAli ES-
TATE AGENTS,
£18-220 MONTOOMEBY ST., MILLb
BUILDING.
HOUs>:^ RENTED.
$4750— Tw0 good flats of 4 and 5 rooms and
bath; lot 25x1^8 fee:; Sacramento St., near
Webster.
$35 ro— New cotta;e on Pine st. ; 8 rooms and
.bath; lot 27:6x:0J feet; stable; reduced from
$5000 to ma<e quick sale.
• . .4 7500— liyde St., near Post: residence 10 rooms
and ba:h.
" $1001'— Guerrero st. ; lot reduced from $1300:
lot 25x75.
$40u0— Good 2-story house of 7 rooms and bath
on Clay su, opposite public park; lot -.6x127 :8V*;
m lo: arone worih price asKcd.
• #2250— G00d hay-window cottage on Sanchez
s:.. 5 rooms aad baih; lot 25x80 feet: easy terms
if deiired.
■$'31)00— Rents $25 monthly to good tennnts; two
,tUts on C ara s., b t. 3>l and 4th: lot -5x85 feet;
bunk mortgage $JIOO can remain at 6V2 l"-r cent.
• f 3SOU — We<tern Addition cottage. 5 100 ms and
. bath; lot '-'5x125 feet; Washington st.
16250— Grove st, near Buchanan; residence 8
rooms and bath: lo 25x137:6 feet.
.. $-000— lerrus $200 cash, unie $10 monthly:
. m6dern counge vi 5 rooms aud bath, with agoud
j s;ab c; o. 25x125: Dame St.
$Jso— sth aye.: price reduced; bet. Point Lobos
and clt-m-nt: 25x120; cheap.
.• . $1500— Stevenson, near 14th: io: 25x80.
• $1500-.lt-ssi.-. near Ridley; lot 26x7.1.
$8000— business proper.y 0:1 Folsom St., near
•°l2tli: store and fl^is; reuts $55 net. lo; 25x87:6;
offer wanted.
. $S76u— .Modern 2-story house on Hartford St.,
n-ar'JOth: 6 rooms and bath: rented at present
Jor $'20: t-nant pays wa er; lot 25x125.
-.6. 00— Leaveuwunh-st business orner: store
i-.J flats: renting for $149 monthly; one ot the
finest business corners K. of Polk bU; full particu-
lar^ at our otli c.
c #■11,500- Van Ness aye. residence: 2-story mod-
ern ouse of 10 rooms and bath; large lot, 50x
■ 137:6 feet; Van Nes-. aye. bkuminized.
. $85uO— Washington st, near Bro-lerlck; new,
.• nWJ. m hoose of 8 rooms, batu and flnlsheJ bn»e-
.■ment;-pr<utilv decorated n.d frescoed; lot 25x
X27:B>A feet
*700-21s: st., near Hampshire; lot 25x70.
• . -1 he above Is only a par: ial list We will be glad
.. 1c luruisii a complete list on application.
'. ' BH AINWi BUCEBEE & CO.,
0 • : 218-220 Montgomery st., iliils bui.dlng.
• JOHN PFOKH. 328 MONTGOMERY ST., OPP.
O Safe Deposit, offers for sale:
$16,500— Rene $130; McAllister St., business
pprttoa; 3 story house; stores and flats of 7 rooms
and batn; 3oxllO.
•J2 000— Must be sold: -.'-story double-flat house:
• 9t.h si., near Mission; can b? made into stores.
• »6200— Business property; flue 3-story bay-win-
dow house, store, and 2 flats of 6 and t5 rooms
•upstair*; on Geary st . near stelner: rent $47 50.
$3i:.000— Kddy st , near Ma3on; store aud lods-
lne;. 25x137:6: rent $160.
•• ' $37,000— Business property: stores and flats;
paying $300 per month.
DWELLINGS.
. HO' o—Pacific0 — Pacific aye.. near Octavia stt modern
built bouse; acooJ buy.
#16,6jo— Post St., near Devlsadero; 7 houses;
larßelot; rent $128; mr.ke off.-r.
4K500— 4 flne flats, 21*, b ocks N. of Market st;
on Illmore st., and lot 48x81:6; rent $70.
• J .$6OO0 — n Eastiake nic«- 2-story house on Treat
aye., opposite Garfleld tquare; large lot, 49x112:6
• to. street in rear.
. $4500-3-flat bay-window house, 1 block, from
Market st.: lot 25x110. rent $55.
$4500— st.. near 16th; 2-story modern
• built 8-room nous-: o 25x11-0.
$6500— Kent $60: 2 double Hats on Geary st, in-
Blde 01 Bauer: lot 28x125.
- $1300— House and lot, 2 blocks south of Pan-
hand. Park; 25x80: a bargain.
$7500— Fine modern residence on Pagest, ne»r
entrance to Panhandle, park; lot 27x137 :6.
- ■$6500— Hill residence: modern built and
arranged; half block from Hopkins Art Institute.
• $10,0J0— Sixth St.; substantial 3-story house;
112l l 2 rooms; bath; brick loundation; lot 25x1b0.
$3000— Seventh st, near Brannan; lot 26x75,
with improvements: renting at $3t».
UNIMPROVED.
$15 1 00— Corner 23d aye. and A St.; 53:4x100.
#3100— Fine corner !ot on Fltlmore st.
. SBoo— Noe st. near Thirtieth; lot 36:6x75.
pHABLKS J. CAMPBELL <fc CO.,
V^ REAL ESTATE AGENTS AND
AUCTIONF ERA,
• • 224 MONTGOMERY ST.
REAL ESTATE CTIONED FIIKE.
f- 5900— What next? Actually— Lots ou 2d ave-
aue. near Clement: sewered.
• $1000 Make an offer; two lots, 25x114, on 24th
Bt , 1 car stro.
$2600—2 hoice flats; Stevenson St., near Nine-
teenth; rent $26: ma^e offer.
$2750-L.tv!7:6xllO; Baker st., near Jackson;
; key lot: good as a corner.
$3100-Corn- r o, Harrison st., fidng Garfleld
square: very choice for flats
«-J^ it? l * ch 7 Lots <n h.-.i- sU boulevard, near
W«i«« ln quick bpforetUey are all sold.
Ah?s 8 A ; suap; 2 e.egant ° eW modern flats; Mc-
Alilsier St.; rent $50.
. $215,000-One c)f the ICeat dowutown busi-
ness corners in the city. w " s
#2750 i M ,k" EIIN «-Kosm COTTAGE;
tJP-JIUW. 14th St., near Nc«- cottaeu ro«t
.$2500 to build -J. years ago; 10125x114
■ «3800-Two flan : Tremont aye.; rents $34 per
month: terms to suit. * p
*3800-Four flats on car Ine- rents $42
$40l)0-Cor. 9th aye aii'l I St.: size 100x120
$1700— near Church; part cash; lot 50x
$»00— Corner lot on Clement st: level; 32:6 x
ENGLISH <fe MORRISSEY, 628Mirketst
QVPilin VANXKSS AYE.; LOT 26x127:6;
i"3<iJUU. stre bltumlnlEed: no cheaper buy
. In the city.
Cheap-Four lot- bet- J and X sts., on 45th aye
O— Four flats on N\V corner, near Klghth
..and Folsom: paying $32 per month; this It a line
. boy, - -: ■■• ••■
• $*>000 — st, N line, near Webster: 2 flats, 6-
-7 reoms: paying $55 per month: no flats as cheap
In this locality.
J. W. WRIGHT <fe CO., 628 Market st.
Al INVESTMENT— NEW Fi.ATS JUST BE.
■*■»• Ing 1 ompleled on Fulton st. lie Lyou: ex-
amine thi-m and be convinced: house open 10-day.
JAN KINSTKI.V, owner and builder, 630 Mar-
ket St.
• TSiriIMVEDFLA: SON DOUGLASS ST., NEAR
(J- seventeenth, for sale cheap; No. 17. lot 25x
VI ODERN HOUBKH BY COMPETENT BUILD-
*-1 ers; will thke j>art payment in unimproved
property. v., 4V» \Veb-ter st. - .
flsl 1 r.A A BARGAIN IN A HOME: JUST
*1P 1 1 V\J. built; 4-r >om and bath cottage, with
large basement, all new; close 10 Mission-st. car
line; $7:, down; $12 50 monthly. JAOUB UEY-
M AA , owner. U .Montcomery st
©ICfjCASH AND #20 MONTHLY: 6
«jp low rooms and bath; cottage built latest im-
provements. 332 Jersey st. , nr. Castro.
TTTY REAI ESTATK.
MADISON & BURKE,, KKAL JESTATK
Agents; established 1858; 626 Market st
pHKAPKST PROPERTY OX THKMARKKT;
\J Brannan st, near Ist; covered with (tood im-
provements; double lot 50x80: on:y #6500.
BA RG A IX— MUST SELL TO CLO^E KSTATK :
sth, near Folsom: 100x75; covered with
houses; on;y value of lot asked— to wit, $150 per
loot.
SIXTH. NEAR HOWARD: STORE AND
flat: flrst-ciass business investment; offered
cheaper than anything on this stieeu
o*l Pi Qf\f\ WEBSTER, NEAR O'FAR-
VT iJ.cUU. rell; modern Improvements in
flats; well rented; lot s<x 137:6; hulf cash.
OAK-ST. BUSINESS CORNER: CLOSE TO
Market: store and flat: lot 30x85: nrst-class
investment; make an ofiVr.
CiQnnn FILLMORE. NR. MCALLISTER;
♦J* OUUU. elegant Hals, renting for s6s; lot 25x
87:6.
T>USIXESS PKOPEKTY: X LINE HAVEs
X) Bt., near Kranklln; lot 25x120 to rear street;
store, flat aud rear house: offered cheap.
( W||| PAfiK, nkak broderick: «esi-
ij'UUUu. dence of 7 rooms and bath; lot 25x
b7:6.
<StA F>(\f\ '* FLATS: LOTT ST., NR. GOLDEN
.JHOUU. Gate Park: 25x100; yearly rental
$408.
(JijAnA SHIPLEY. NEAR 6TH; RENTS
tJ"i""U. $45 per month; substautial building;
lot 25x75.
QQCnn CALIFOKNIA-ST. COTTAGE, NR.
ITOO< UU, 3d aye.: 6 rooms and bath; in a rap-
Idly improving neighborhood.
r-LEMENTINA ST.. XH. 4TH. : TENEMENTS;
\J rents $47; lot 25x80; only $3500.
Q; 1 f-n A NICE COTTAGE HOME im
t"D 1 DUU. Holly Park: Kast aye. 6 rooms; lot
2axlOB.
<*£97Afi HARRISON, NR. 12TH: STORE
O— ' vU. and flat; rents $2J; lot 25x80.
©O-rvfk COLLINGWOOD, NEAR 20TH:
t£i£<.)\J\J. 27:6x100; contains 6 rooms aud
bath; large basement
Qi9fifiA ARMY. NKAR DOLORES: COT-
O — OUU. tage, 5 rooms and bath; lot 25x114.
rNI.MI'ROVEU PROPERTY.
Corner California and locust; 37:6x107:7.
$8500- Pace Ft. near Baker: 75x137:6.
J4000— 65x117 SK. cor. Sanchez and 23d.
$H6oo— fine Ht. cor. Lyoi; 31:3x80.
12400— Castro, cor. Elizabeth: 26:6x105.
$4000— i ryant nt. corner o Harriet; 25x75.-
-s'Joso —Kfdley, near Scott : 25x117 :8.
$2000— Belvedere, near Waller: 25x120.
#1800— Sanchez at., nr. 16th; 25x100.
$1100— 2J aye., nr. Joint Lobos: 25x120.
$1000— A St., near 14th aye.: 85x144.
$ISOO— 2iI aye., near California st. : 25x120.
$1000— HancocK. near Sanchez: 25x114.
$7Uo— foyce st.. nr. Point Lobos: 25x120.
MADISON <t BURKE, 626 Market st
A. H. LissaK. O. F. Yon Khki.t.
OF. VOX RnEIN & CO.. KKAL KSTATK
. Acents, Auctioneers aud House Broken, 513
California street
$-o,ooo— Second and Minna: 40x77:6 wlthan L;
2 stores, upper flat and rear house: rent* $117 50.
$15,000— Jiayes. nar Kill more; 35xi37:6; 3 flne
flats, tin h 8 rooms and batu; r?nts *105.
$10,000— Corner Lagruna and FuIIod; 50x110: 2-
st' rv house: butcher-sboD and flats: rent $65 50.
*9UUU-Halßht, near s-telner: 25x112:6; 2 flats,
13 rooms and batns: rents $57 50.
$760u— capp. near 15th: 36x75: 4 new flats; 18
rooms and 4 baths: rents $69
$7100— near Webster; 25x87:6: 2 flats: 11
rto-ns and - batbs; rents $50. ,
$6500— (ireen si., nr. Mouti-omerv aye.; 22:11 x
68:9; 3 -window flats. 17 rooms and baths;
ren s $57 50.
$6000— Union, near Dupont; 23x68:9; 2-story
house: 8 tenements; rents $52
$6500— Green, near Powell: 37:6x90: 2 S-story
houses: 15 rooms and bath: rent $46.
$4000— Washington, near Po<vell; 20x57:6: 3-
s'.ory residence; 10 rooms and 2 ba.hs: 2 flats;
rent S4O.
$45i>o-Julian aye.. bet 14th and 15th; 39:10 x
94: 4 fla s: rents $42.
$45t.0— 215t, near Guerrero; 25x114; •£ flats:
rents $39.
$4000— Kearny, near Green: 20x80 to Sonora; 4
flais. lb rooms, with stable: rents $39.
* 3600— LfraveTiworth st, n^-arVai ejo: 20x68:6;
3 flats: 11 roams and baths; ren $33.
$35011— Teharna st, near 4th; 25x80: front and
rear houses; 6 flats: ren $'>3.
$3300— Union st.n^ar Mason; 2 flats: rents $40.
$310J— stanyan, near Grattan: 80 leet by irre -
ular itepth; par la.ly occupied by house; 5 rooms
aud b.ith: rent $16.
*2900— Jer-iey, near Diamond; 25x1 2-story
b use; 2 flats; 9 rooms and bath: rents $25..
12750— J4th, near Diamoad; 25x114: new cot-
ta c; 5 rooms and bath.
$2500— Krin st, near Mission: 2-story house: 7
roon.s and bath; 25x85; r- nt $18.
$2100— Valley st., near Church; 27x114:6; 2
flatb; rents $16 50.
UNIMPROVED.
Valencia, near 26th-st railroad station: 61x
117:6 loan alley.
Coin-r N and Bth aye.. South S F.; 100x100.
Fair Oaks and 25m: 30x100
30x70; Je«ie*t., between "i3:h and 14th.
25x65; Stevenson, near 14th: 4 lots.
25x95; 4 lots; -bth and Yor*.
$7600— McAllister, near F.llmore; 40x137:6.
30x120; 5 lots; PrecUa »nd California ayes;
near Folsom st.
$4100-Nintb, near Folsom: 25x100.
*4000— Polk and Union; 27x67: make offer.
$2250— Union, ntar Stelner: 28:4x101).
B'. ooo— Hancock st.. near Sanchez; 60x114.
Sl2oo— Cor. B and 26tn aye.: 60x188.
EW. HAWKINS,
DKALKK IN REAL ESTATE.
MORTGAGIfi LOANS AND I N<fK A NCK,
11 MONTGOMERY ST.,
LICK HOUSK BLOCK.
Money to loan at 6 per cent on city business prop-
erty.
CBSAr.
qjOnrjA CORNER LOT: 15TH ST., Bf*T.
•ID.£»'vM.F. Mission and Valencia; fine business
location; s ze 2^x95.
CjwAn 6 LOTS adjoining ingleside
tJ)CUU, racetracit; nogradiug; ready to buila on.
fljrrvnn bryant st. : STREET ac-
f^)')\J\J\J. cepted: pays over 15 p-rcent; good
building; always rented; size 25x90.
QtJfififi HANDSOME BAY-WINDOW COT-
«i"")IUUv/. tage: north lln- of Bush St., near
Baker; 6 rooms and bath; fine basement; large
garden; size 25x137:6.
IK^f'.ftn ASHBURY HEIGHTS. CORNER
tS)OU\J\J» Frederick and Clayton sts. : beau iful
view; cars now pass the property; street work
duue: size 63:1*^x137:6
QQlflO PAYS $384 YEARLY: ALWAYS
•JpOJ-UU. renteJ: nearly new; perfect order: 4
tenants; no better small Investment-
<3M?\n Park lot-, SECOXDTIKR, south
«JD"X <jyj. of park, near boulevard; size 2ix120.
f£»O£f",n PRBTTV BAY-WINDOW COT-
t"p.£"J<J»'. tage, 5 rooms and ba:h, near Market
and Guerrero su.; mortgage $1500 can remain:
rent $22 60; »lze 25x75.
Apply to E. W. HAWKINS, 11 Montgomery at.
MINE LOIS GONE.
Our offer of 1 ast Sunday of 1 7 lots at $450. #5 a
month, sold 9 of them during the week; only 20
more days in which to buy at these terms:
#5 A MONTH.
#460-LOTS IN THE UKYMAN TRACT— S4SO
$6 A MONTH. .
Choice lots; 25>118; level and ready to build
on; situation superb, commanding- a fln# view;
half a block to 22c-st. nr- : 3 blocKs to Cas.rost.
cars; good neighborhood; close to schools, stores,
etc. ; right in town, not away out of reacn.
13 MORK LOTS!
20 MORE DAYS'
Take 22.1-st. cars to Hoffman aye.. ask for James
A. Co.ter, who will show you around.
JACOB MAN. Owner.
11 Montgomery st.
AM. SPECK <fe CO.. 602 MARKET ST.
. lieal Kstate Burgatns — Money Loaned.
Keai Kstaie Bargains— Money Loaned.
$ 1 000 — i -room v coiiu--e.
»185O— 6-rouiii co.tage; half block from Market-
st. cars. .
$2400— 7-r«.om house and lot; Powell.
#J500— 2 elt-gant flats: ren; C 240.
$2200— C0 lage and stable; nearly new.
$330 >— 6-room houie iiainht*ii . Sieiner.
$•^250—4 flats; i.ear Ninth; rent $30.
«SBjO— Store and flat; new; rent $30; O'Farrell-
8t car line.
$6600—8 fla's; near Market; rent $960.
Other bargains. SPECK <fe CO., 602 Market st
rpHREE NEW MODl.it . FLATS.
BIG BARGAIN. "
PHICE #5750.
*> RENTS $636 PEi: YEAR.
; Flats contain 5.5 aud alx rooms and bath each
with every known modern convenience contalued
in a new build. street bitumlnlzed; cement
sidewalk: nigh separate basement fur each flat-
lot 26x105: only on* bio k north of Mar*etst •'
flats open for inspection to-day: 175 >ov st, bet
14th and 15th.
KING <fe McNALLY, Real Estate Agents,
__^ 6.10 Market st.
1000 « $4000. . #4000.
•ipIUUU. On easy terms: $600 cash, balance
luonthly installments; new 2-story modern home
of 6 rooms and bath; California st, near 6lh aye
Owner on premises or a-jply to SHAINWAID
BUCKHEk <fc CO., 218-220 Montgomery st , Mills
building.
rpo INDUCE YOU TO BUY.
Beantifunots:*26xlOO; half a blockr from Mis-
sion st and c ectric car.*; Spring Valley water-
street wor*done: $350: $5 monthly payments. '
A MODERN 7-UOOM H'>USE.
#17(.'O; part cash n reel work done; lot 25x100.
To visit .his pr perty take Ml »ion-st ci«rs o
China aye. to my brancn office, 4438 Mission su
Open to-day. GKO. A. TUKN R.
26 Montgomery st.
THE SAtf FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 7, 1897.
CITY REAL ESTATE,
T> ALDWIN <fc HOWELL,
-D Successor to Baldwin <fc Hammond.
QJQOXn COTTAGE. 6 ROOMS AND BATH:
rjpt>^.t>\j. botandcold water, etc., and 3 lots,
25x137:6, on Golden Gate aye., near First aye.;
must be Bold: make an offer.
cuQr*.nn will buy THE CHEAPEST,
«Jp OO\J\J prettiest and best cottage In the
Mission of 8 rooms and bath:c orner T wen iy-sec-
ond and Sanchez sts. ; owner on premises bunday.
QjOOnn RENT #38: SECOND ST., NEAR
O-'<-.v\J. Bryant; 2 flats of 6 and 6 rooms and
bath.
QAIXiCI $500 CASH. BALANCE 8 AS
<JTiI«JV. ren ; a great bargain; flne new
2»tory house of 8 rooma, bath, etc.; Church St.,
near Nineteenth; lot 25x100. '
(jtlQlin COTTAGE OF 4 ROOMS AND
«lr±O"'l». bath on Arkansas at., near Twen-
tieth; lot 23x100; near Union irou Works.
Qi7Hnn 3-story building COVTAIN-
ijT I WUU. ing 2 stor-s and 2 flats above Of 5
and 6 rooms each: Pacilic at., near Leaveuworih;
rents $64: lot 38x77. .
SO/fnn 29TH ST., NEAR SANCHEZ;
_. UUv/. atom snJ 3 rooms in rear and 6
r3oms above; also rear house of 3 rooms; also
stable; lot 50x114.
CCKOH LYON ST., NKAR GROVE; 2 NEW
(JpUtJvMf. flats of 5 ana 6 rooms and bath; rent
»60; lot 25x1
QOl Afk RKNT #20: SHIPLEY ST., NjfiAß
»v 4- 1 \'\f . 7th; 2 flats of 4 rooms each; high
basement.
<fc*77^n ELIZABETH ST.. NKAR DOUG-
tv-'tf''. lass; good 1-story and basement and
attic co.ta^e of 7 rooms, bath, etc.: lot 2 jx9o.
"fc9^on NATOMA ST., NEAR 9TH; I-
<iir£.O\jyf. story aud basement cottage: rent
$13; lot 22:6x84. .
©lonnn 24TH-ST. corner; 75x100:
iipX'J.\J\J\J. Improvements. 2-story trame con-
taining 4 stores and 3 flats of 4 rooms eacn; reuts
$10J 50.
ffljO- Xfi 2-STORY, 10-ROOM RESIDENCE
♦4P*J —*JU. o:i Bti-b st., near Lyon; large lot, 40
x 176; a snap; see this at once.
(fijFL^n EACH— 3 LOTS ON DOUGLASS ST.,
«JP«-»«JU near Twentieth: 25x1.0 each.
$KF;nn LARKIN ST., NEAR CLAY; OLD
lipwtJUU. improvements, containiiig 6 rooms
aud bath; lot 34x75. . .
\\T ILL EXCHANGE FOR HOME IN BERKE-
»' ley or Alameda— N Ice flats on the best portion
of Howard st.: couiain 6 and 7 rooms, bath, etc.:
lot 25x122:6; price #7000.
MUST BE SOLD.
<&/17^n RENT $576 PKK ANNUM: 3-
VV^ i OVJ. story bnl ding: all rented to good
tenants, no children; Paciflc-st corner, nr.Tay.or.
QfJ7f\o 2 FLATS OF 6 AND 7 ROOMS AND
©Ul O\J. bath each; lot 27:6x1*7:8; rents6s;
Sacramento st.
WESTERN ADDITION BUSINESS CORNER.
<,r. Z\C\t\ 31AKE AN OFFER: RENT
«J> lO.O\J \J . $112 60 ; Kddy-st. corner, near
Buchanan; lot 38x90; three 2-»tory houses in
splendid condition.
A SNAP.
CIR Pwfin RKTAIL BUSINESS PROP-
i.\J.O\l\J. erty; downtown; rent #140;
tourth st.; improvement 4-siory building, con-
taiLing 2 stores and 36 rooms above.
Send for printed llsL
BALDWIN & HOWELL,
10 Montgomery st.
HOUSES SPRINGING
UP LIKE MUSHROOMa
Although surrounded by im rovements, np to
last December 1 the blocks bounded by .-tauyan,
reUeric, Cole, shrader ana Beutah were vacant.
In th- short time intervening 16 twos ory resi-
dences aud flats have been started. Upward of
$70,000 worth of lots have been so d. li. was ail
done by offeiing these very desirable lots at prkes
10 to 30 per cent less tha.t their value. Have you
seen themT If not. go to-day (-unday). Choice
large Western Addition lots for $1.-.00 upward, on
your own terms. Nowhere else can you do as
well. BALDWIN & HuWELL,
10 Montgomery st.
T\O YOU WANT A HOMET
FOR
#200 C-SH DOWN,
WITHIN 20 MINUTES 1 WALK OF THE CITY
HALL,
WITHIN 10 MINUTES' RIDE OF THE CIIY
HALL
__ {
ON A CABi.E-CAR LINBr*
NEVER HAS BUCH .AN OPPOUTTJ}"ITT
BEEN OFFERED FOR A MAN WHO WANTS
A HOME TO OBTAIN ONE ON CONDITIONS
THAT MAKE THE OWNERSHIP NO MORE
BURDENSOME THAN TO PAY RENT FOR A
HOUSE TO LIVE IN.
INTEREST ON DKFKi:RED PAYMENTS AT
THE RATK OF
SIX PKR CENT— six PER CENT.
FIVE YEARS ARiS GIVEN IN WHICH TO
PAY FOR THE GROU D WHICH Is To BE
YOUR HOME. YOU CAN PAY YOUR IN-
STALLMENTS . MONTHLY. EVERY IN-
STALLMENT STOPS INTEREST ON THE
AMOUNT PAID.
WHERE IS TO BE YOUR HOMKT
IN ONE OF THE MOST CHARMING AND
HEALTHFUL LOCATIONB IN THE CITY.
WALK OUT TO ;THE CORNER OF CAETRO
AND TWENTIETH STREETS; RIDE OUT
ON THE CASTRO-STREET CARS TO THE
CORNER OF CASTRO AND TWENTY-FIRST
STREETS, AND YOU FACE IT. LARGE
SIGNS SHOWING THE SIZE AND PRICE OF
EVJiItY LOT WILL BE THERE.
ONLY A SAVINGS BANK THAT HAD AC-
QUIRED THE PROPERTY BY " FORECLO-
SURE COULD AFFORD TO BELL AT THE
PRICES AND ON THE TERMS OFFERED.
FOB ANY FURTIIKR PARTICULARS OR
INFORMATION CALL ON
B. P. OLIVER,
I*4 MONTGOMKRY TREET
AGENT KOBTUK HIBKRNIA BANK, -
OWNER OF THE PROPERTY,
BOVEE, TOY bONNTAG.
REAL ESTATE AGENTB,
Houses Rentea, Rents collected and Full Charge
Taken of Property,
30 MONTG MEttYST.
©C7KA 2 MODERN FLATS OF 6 AND 7
<S>\JlO\J. rooms: on Page st, Dear Webster-
slzeof lot 24:6x137:6 ft.; rents #52 50. '
<B!f?7*-.n MAKE OFFER; FINE NKW
tipU I O\f. residence on Clayton Bt.. near Page-
-25x112:6 ft: finished basement, furnace and
modern In every resp»*ct; mor gage $H750; this is
a bargain, and must be seen to oe appreciated.
©OOAA LOT AND COTTAGE OF 6 ROOMS
is)A£-\i\J. and bath on the west Hide of Church
St., near Clipper; this property is sold at a low
1 rice In crJertomake immediate sale.
01«7f-.n FINE LOT ON 10TH AYE. NISAR
tin I O\J. California st. ; on easy terms; size 25x
20 feet. _____
OjCMfin BELFCT (ORNKR ON PACIFIC
tIpOIUU. Heuhts: Mze 87:6x120 feet; reduced
from #8500 in oider to make immediate sale.
<^k.^ 7KA VALLEJO ST., NEAR DEVlBA-
tjpi iO\J. dero; lot 29x137:6; flne marine
view; lot ready to bnlld on; this is * great bargain.
fflflO l\(\f\ A SPLKNDID INVESTMENT
VV 1 4J.\J\J\J. corner on Pine st: store and 22
rooms nbove: rentn #150 per mouth: tbia Is a
great bargain aud must be aoid at once; cost
#17,000.
fi KOAA DEVISADERO ax., NR. HAIQHT;
«T tIUUU. flue modern 2-story residence of 9
rooms and bath: lot 26x106 feet.
For further list apply to ' , J
BOVRE. TOY 4 XTAG, 30 Montgomery at.
WILL TRADK NEW 7-ROOM HOMK.- ($3600
*» equity. 9*2100 e»cb, rent $50) for clear build-
Ing lots. B. S., box 60. Call Omce.
I^OR SALE UN KASY TEKMB— MODERN
1 houses on Masonic aye. and Waller st. ; houaei
contain salon I parlors, -. dining-room, ■ btlilard-room
aod.B large bedrooms, bath, kitchen and laundry
rooms beautifully decorated; sun In every room-
see them to-day. Take Balght or Ellis street car,
let oft at Masonic aye.; owner on premises.
CITY REAL ESTATE.
\\rESTERN ADDITION FLATS, •
TT NEAR ELLIS AND LAGUNA FTS.
C;l9 AAA T " HtK finis *LATS of 7, 9
tIpXO.WI/.anc? 10 rooirn and bath. In A 1 con-
dl'ion: rents $100 per month net. Lot 25*120 1U
to re.'»r stree . Botu streets accepted. Mortgage
of $6500 can remain.
EASTON, ELDRIDOE <fc CO.,
638 Market st.
ELE ANT HOME.
. FINE LOCATION.
CjCKAA NEAR PINE AND OOl'tiH ST**.
«Jpi *J\J\J. Very «ood house of 11 rooms and
bath; sunny n ld e of street; s:ieet work all done
large lot 30x137:6 ft.
K ASTON, ELDRIHGE& CO.,
- 638 Market st.
LEG ANT FLATS.
•^ T MUST BK SOLD.
st^nno. TWu °°° d flats, only two
Ol'l/U. blocks north of Market su: rent
very low for $i.< per iui nth; street work all done.
EASTON, *.LDRID :fh <t co..
638 M.rketst.
SMALL INVESTMENT. ~ ~.
INSIDE PROPERTY.
CJ/19AA near GEARY and taylor
•IT Jt^v/V/. st».; Jour tenements of 14 rooms;
pa . s $480 per annum
EA&TON, ELDRIDGE & CO.,
638 Market su
CHEAP MISSION FLATS
EA R VALENCIA AND 1 3TH STS.
dfinfi TWO tiO ' D >LATS of 4 AND 5
r£) *3 \J V ; . roomsand uath; ran ts $85 per month .
lot 7:6x70 feet.
EAisTON, KLDRIDQE A CO.,
__^ 63S Market st.
A bargain. ~
-T\- REDUCED FOR QUICK BAI.E.
'ft^nnn NEA MASON AND filb
<r>.)UUU. sts; 2 fla:» of 4 and 6rounn; rents
$27 per month; street work done.
BASTOtt, ELDRIDGE <!t CO.,
638 Marke st.
A FORCED SALK. ~~ ~~
NKAR STH AND SHIPLEY STS
QIQ.-fl PAVSS.'I6 PER ANNUM: TWO
tuJXOoV/. flats of 4 and 5 rooms: lot 25x75 feet-
mortgage of $1400; ton't fail to x»<- this.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE A CO.
638 Market st.
-—-——_—_—— — _ __
LOTS AT LOW PRICES.
READY FOR BUILDING.
IHK TIME TO BUY.
$2500. SgS?-*** 8 UNI 2^
<£9J.nO *"ULTON, NEAR BAKER; 25x
tS>^t'±\J\J, 13 7:6; street accepted.
Q>nA(\n NEAR ALVARADO AND NOK;
iJP^TbUU. 101:10x114; cheap.
«!9AOn GREER. NEAR PIERCE; 25x100-
-$2OOO. mußtseU. pierce: 25xi00:
$2000. YTO^_ NEAR PAOE; 25x
DOUuLASS ' NEAK 23D ; 60x100.
<5M7fxA 19TH ST., NEAR CHURCH: 50x
«lpl I «JU. 104: make offer.
C*l ROO COB - CHIN AYE.. NR. LONDON;
OxDUU. 75x100. _
Q 1 900 t-'ORNER OV SOTH AND-LAlD-
tfrlJd\J\J. ley; 86:6x125. " OTH AND LAID -
SBOO. NEAR DUNCAN AND DOUGLASS;
OOuU. 60:11x114.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE A CO.,
638 Market st.
SOL GETZ A BROTH KR,
HEAL ESTATE OWNERS,
Room A, First Floor, Crocker Building.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS.
LOW PRICES. GREAT BARGAINS.
rpAKB ADVANTAGE OF OUR JUDICIOUS
X purchases, get a lot cheaper than you ever will
again.
tt lAA $IM> TO $300: BUILDING LOTS:
l' M '. no grading: near >ilsslou-st. and San
Mateo electric car lines; only $5 monthlr.
S7 C $100. $160 TO $800: CHOICES I' LOTS
«S5 10. south of the park: near Affiliated Col-
leges, new music siand and boulevard; only $5
and $10 monthly Installments.
C-»>^O TO 110U; RICHMOND LOTS: WE
ttr^OKJ can positively aui. you in location, price
and terms.
Call oa us first before purchasing; get map and
diagrams.
SOL. GETZ A BROTHER, '
Boom A, first noor, Crocker building.
<SIO C\C\f\ COST $15,000 4 YEARS AGO;
ij? I\J.O\J\J. rented lor $78: magnificent cor-
ner residence near the pxnhatidte, containing 12
rooms anJ all modern Improvements: a splendid
bargain. H. MUKPHY, 628 Market st.
CC. BEMIS,
. REAL ESTATE AND LAND AOF.NT,
324 MONTGOMERY BT.
FOR SALE.
Choice bnlldlng lot on Army and 27th sts.; close
to electric road.
$450— Carlo* Villa lot: 100x150 feet.
$6700—50x127:6 feet on Jackson su. overlook-
ing the I'resldto and bay.
$6000—2 modern bouses of 8 rooms each at
park; 25x137:6 /eet: electric roaa passes houses;
make offer.
»85OO— Elegant NW. corner or Cole and Carl sts.
$300— Choice building lots north of park.
Bargain— S\V. cor. Fifth ay. and 0 su: 109x95 ft.
Ql lA|| HOUSE OF 5 ROOMS; $1600,
fjP 1 l\J\f. house of 8 room<; $1500, cottage of a
rooms, within 16 minutes' walk of ferrii-s: most
liberal teims. F. a. BERLIN, room 416, Safe De-
posit building.
S"! 1 OO F<JR A 4-ROom and bath cot-
tlPJ-IVI/ ta*e with lot 25x100 ot the Mission-
st. Electric line $150 cash, balance $12 per
month. W. W. REDN ALL, bul der, 2312 Markeu
CMOOO FOR >ALE OR EXCHANOK.
iJlTtuUv, New cottage on 23d aye. East Oak-
land; 6 rooms and bath: high basement; br.cic
tound&Uon; bay windows; lot 52x160.
li. H. UMBSEN A CO.. ,
14 Montgomery <t.
PKOrERTY TO EXCHANGE.
ft ftflOO 480 - acre" "grain mT^ala-
tCOUuu. meJa County; 200 acres alieadv
planted; good lnTprovemens; exchange in part
tor city property ior rooming-house. L c.
SCIIARFF, 20 Montgomery su
pOOD OMAHA PROPERTY FOR IMPROVED
VJT creek-bottom ranch In Northern or Central
California, or may rent rauch. Only owners ad-
dress Boua FiJe, box 69, Call Ollice.
C A HOUSES AND LOTS, Fi:OM $200 TO
*J\J $28,000: 100 ranches, everywhere.
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market su, opp. Fifth.
OEND FUHUIK LIST OK ORCHARD HOMKS
O for sain. WcOxTEK .t WHITTOV. s» n Josa.
PROPERTY WANTED.
TirANTED-FOR CASH, IN<OME PROPER-
TY ties: must be cbeao. SPECK A CO., 602
M»iketst.
■\iniAT have you to exchange for
IT .qulty In fine Oakland house T Prefer ranch,
vaeaui lots or gooa mining siocits. C, MONROE,
24 Market si., >»v Fran' Isco.
SUBURBAN REAL ESTATE.
AJLTA PUNTA TRACT: GEM OF THE BAY
District; 425 acres: subdivided; 3 ml es north
of Berke.e . 8 from Oakland: 47 minutes from
San Franc. sco; lots 50x.0J: from $100 to $200;
Installment*: send lor a map. GEoRUE W.
HAIOHT, 220Sansornest...S. P.
HONEY TO LOAN.
A LOANS ON FURNITURE OR PIANOS,
. In S. F., Oakland or Aiameda. at lowest rates:
without removal: no <ommlsslons: no delays.
J. NOONAN, 1017 to 1023 Mission su, above Sixth,
telephone Jessie 41.
<SIQOO 000 AT 6l^ PKR CENT ON CITY
OUU .\J\jyj real esiate; also Oakland estates,
life Insurance, second mortgages, any sum. Man-
hattan Loan Co., 10 Mll.s building, grouud floor.
HIGHLY RESPECTABLE AND PRIVATE
place to obtain tbe most liberal advances on
diamonds and Jewelry at the very lowest rat«s.
Baldwin Jewelry Store, 948 Markeu
NY AMOUNT; IST, 2D^)R 3D MORTG AGE*
estates, undivided Interests, real estate In pro-
bat«: . furniture and pianos without reiuovai.
MoCOLUAN. 24 Montgomery su. room 8.
-PRIVATK AND RESPECTABLE, WITH
very light Interest, U the secret ot our success.
Cut-rate Loan Office, Flood building, hO9 Markeu
DIRECT ON YOUR FURNITURE OR PIANO.
Xs no rem,f»l, no delays: no commissions; low
Interest. Km. 68, Donohue bldg. 1170 Market su
fIJJOOX ||/WlAl' BANK RATES: 1»T AND
<g)O£O.\J\J\J 2d mortcacea. estates, rents, etc
lend aa low as $50. H. MURPHY. 628 Market st.
WHY PAY HIGH INT. ON SMALL LOANS?
We loan at 65c Interest per mo. on each $100
on 2d mortgage: any security.: Gold, box 4, Call.
ON JKURNITURB: VERY LOW INTEREST-
\J no commission. BCRIBNKR, 7 City Hall aye.
fIfcCOO.OOO ON CITY AND COUNTRY" PROP-
tDOerty; low rates, a. LLER, 420 Cau. su
OANs ON BEALKSTATE; LOWEST KATK
■> of Interest. JAS.B.B' OOKS, 214 Pine, r 58-69.
PKIVAIE PARTY LOANS ON ANY GOOD
X securlty.low Interest. H.D.. box 160, Call Omc*.
MONKY TO LOAN ON ESTATE- ANY
amount. WILLIAMS, 214 Pine su, room 3.
ffi»,"\n TO $60,000; LOW h»r KATK: IMT * aD
KuJO\J mort(ag«: flat or Insttmnu Dirdarj, 635 Cal.
* DVANCES ON DIAMONDS, JEWEi,RY,KTC
Xl Columbia Loan A Collateral Otllce, 9 Urant aye. •
COUNTRY REAL ESTATE.
GH. U MBS EN & CO.
• DAVID BL'SH, Manager Country Dept.
14 MONTGOMERY ST.
JJjQ PER ACRE FOR 400 ACRES GOOD
<IT O grain land near Lockford, San Joaqnln
Countr; 160 acres nuw In grain; bouse, barn and
outbutldin^b sold to close an estate.
St. KAA 3-5 ACRES LEVEL VALLEY
• K/KJyj. land, near Napa; 15 ncres in choice
variety of orchard: good house completely, fur-
ntsh.il; barnand outbuildings: with all the stock,
tools and agricultural implements: a profitable
Income place lor about half what it is worth.
WOLFSKI i.L TRACT.
(\S PUTAH CRK, X, SOLANO COUNTY,
V^ near the town ut Winters: the earlies: fruit aud
vi-eetable land in the Mate; we are s •llln« 10 to
60 acre tracts of this celebrated ranch for »30 i>er
acre, oni -quarter cash, balance In 8 annual pay-
ments, at 6 per cent interest: send for descriptive
circular. . •
RIVKRSIDE COUNTY LANDS. '■>■.
\Y rK have bekn appointed agents
• » for one uf jhe bes: tracts ot lainl in l;lverside
Cou;itv, which we can se 1 in tracts of 6 acrvs or
apwurii, with water, for i-n?-thlril casn aud balance
in Installments; send for circulars.
CTANFOBD ESTATE LAND 3
FOR SALE
BY A FEE BROTHER?, J
RtAi. ESTATK BROKERS
AND FIVANcI ■ L AGENTS.
108 MONTGOMERY STREET.
TJEDLANDS. SAN BERNARDINO COUNTY,
IX the famous orange beit— The property known
as the "fctlllman Rauch." within the . town
limits of Redlands acd only one mile
from the business cenur. surrounded
by the beautitul orange sruves and resi-
dences for which that p ace is well known. The
property is planted 16 acres in apricots and
]H-»caes, 150 acres in grapes, and also orange*, al-
falfa Hid grain: only a few hundr.d feet from two
railroads: winery and everything mcessarv for
wine making: all under irrigation. I his property
can be sundivided into towu lots or acre lots, total
acreage 282y a acres.
SAN LUIS OBISPO COUNTY— THE PROP-
C erty known as the "McCoppin Tract."
containing 320 acres; two miles from
he town of Sun Luis Obispo: planted
in barley and hay: rich black soil; farm-
house, barn and other out-bouses: suitable for
fruits and vegetables; picturesque locality and
nne climate. San Luis Obispo is on the const line
oi railroad which will soon be completed through
to Los Angeles and be the choice scenic overland
foute.
rpEnAMA COUNTY— PROPERTY KNOWN
X as the "Copeiand Ranch," containing kOOO
acre-, adjoining the Vina vineyard, now belonging;
to Stanford University. The Copeiand ranch was
used by Governor (Stanford as a horse farm, and
every aprllan. c for ralsi and trainlnv horses
exists there, me uding barns, paddocks, training
tracks and kindergarten, etc.. with «ood dwellings,
men's quarters, eic; the soil is rich black riv r
bottom, covered with line oaks: ihe .sacrxmeoto
River forms the western border and is navigated to
th s ranch by S'eaniboms abui dant water for irrl-
gmlon from Deer Creek is distributed all over ihe
land; the selection of this tract by Governor Stan-
ford warrants jts excellence as a horse farm.
mEHAMA COUNTY— PROPERTY KNOWN
X as the "Shafer 'I ract," containing 240 acres,
on Dt-er Creek, about one- mile from Copeiand
rancn; partially planted in assorted fruits and
vlnevard: all under irrigation; farmhouse and
stable, and all fenced.
McAFEE BROTHERS,
108 Montgomery su
11] AIRES NO. 1 LAND. LOCATED ABOUT
' X 1 6 miles fr m Santa Rosa, Sonoma • ou ty;
40 acres bearing vineyard : 20 acres in grain; house
6 rooms: barn aud outbuildings; balance fine
grain and fruit land; price $8500; terms easy.
"I (\ ACRES VERY CHOICE LAND IN SANTA
1« Clura County: full benrine prunes and apri-
cots; good hoi^e. and outbuilding, well, etc.; for
San J-runciscu property; all clear and pay cash
difference.
5 VERY choice lots IN sausalitofor
*J sale ou easy terms, and a great bargain. -
AQf) ACRES NO. 1 LAND NEAR PORTER-
Tl-V/ ville, Tulare County; sale or exchange;
finest orange and lemon land in the *Jtate.
1 O FINE LOTS, 50X125 EACII, WELL LO-
X•- cated In San Jose, offered in exchange for
Oakland or Alameda house and lot.
FOR RENT— IOOO ACHES IN NILKS CAN-
yon, about 3 miles from Niles station; choice
stock ranca; $250 cash in advance.
A iso 2400 acres cram aud ock land near Su nol;
$1 per acre: all fenced; good building-*; abun-
dance of water.
SHAINWALD, BCCKBEE A CO..
218-220 Montg mery st.. Mills Bullalng.
ALFALFA LANDS TO LEASE FORA TERM
A of years: level, fertile loam, under cannl;
near Kscuon, San Joaquin county, Cal.. by
McAFEE BKOTHBKS,
108 Montgomery street, Kan Francisco, Cal.
, »
SEND FOR ILLUSTRATED PAMPHLET OF
O California land* for sale ov H. FRANCIS,
rooms b'9-71, Chronicle bu Iding, han Francisco.CaL
1 A-AOKK WEIL IMPROVED FARM NEAR
I»» San Jose, $2200. See A. M. SPECK CO.,
602 Marke'.
RANCH OK 42 ACRES IN SANTA ROSA.
XV For particulars address Owier, 217 Eighth st.
"L^ »R -*AI.E— 12uO A<. RESGR AND FRUIT
J land; fenced and improved. ' Inquire N. A.
BR.I TON, Williams Cal.
OKODUCTIVE VINEYARH: RARE BAR-
X gain; would exchange. Room 70. Columbian
building.
BARGAIN— ACRES CHOICE FRUIT,
bay, grain, winter veiretnb'es. $25 per acre;
83 acres rich noil, 4 flowing springs, $35 per acre,
near Pleasanton, Aiameda County, call or write,
69 Columbian butldiug.
RA NCH BAKUAIN: $5 PER ACRE; 1280
acres timber: plenty water: excellent stock
ranch; best part of Kern Co. 8., box 20, Call Office.
LITTLE HOMES CLOSE TO TOWN; IM-
Xj proved; easy terms: also 4 to 12 acre pieces
on 8 and 1 I years' crediu D. H. TWINO. So-
noma City: every Monday al 632 Market st.. 8. F.
LOS ANGELES i:< \I. ESTATE.
Ir>Oß SALE— IN LOS ANGELES, A CHOICE
business lot, on the easterly side of Spring
street, between Fourth and F.fth, adjoining liana-
some three-story b ic* building of Los Ange.es
Athletic Club. This lot is 60 feet froutage. and
contains an area of 9900 square feet; with existing
Improvemen s of a well built SO room lodon -
house ami a barn In the rear, and is onVred for
sale on term? of part rash and remainder secur d
by mortgage at moderate interest: price $36,000,
ab .ut $3 63 per square loot, which is a low«r price
than any pioperty o similar eligibility can be
purchased for. Address, The Investor, 4 Brysou
Block. Los A nireles, Ca .
LEGAL NOTICES.
Oi' EXKCUTRIX'S SALE OF REAL
' Estate— Notice is hereby elven that, pursuant
to an order ot the Superior Court of the State of
California in and for the county of Los Angeles,
duly eiven, made a. d entered on the 12th day of
May, A. D. 1896. and an order duly given, made
and entered ihi rein on the SJth day of January.
1897, shortening time oi notic-, lit the. matter of
tbe estate of CiiAKLES N. H A SSON, deceased,
No. 1143 of the flies and lecordsuf said court, he
undersigned, MAKION K. H-<*S.--O.N. as execu-
.nz of the last will 'and testument of s. ul
CHaRI.E> N. UABBOK. deceased, will, on or
nttr tbe 11th day of February, a. D. 1897, and
within six months thereafter, sell at private sale
to the hiKhes and best bi>WJer al the right, titlo
and Interest which said t-HARLEs n. Ha-son,
d-ceased. had at the time of his deatb and whicn
said ate has acquired in and to tha certain real
proper y situate In the City aud County of .>an
Francisco, State of California, and described u<
follows, '.o wit:
Commencing at a point on the southeasterly line
of Howard street, duianl llm-«- hundred and fifty-
five (355) teet sou bwesterly from the sou. hweit-
erlyiiueofFour.h stre t, running tuenc- south-
westerly along said .liie of Howard street, orty-
flve (45) feel, hence southeasterly parall.l wi*h
Fourth street, ei^htv-five (85) feel, thence north-
easterly pnra.lel with Howard street, lorty-llve
(45) feet, .thence northwesterly eighty-live (rtj)
te t to the point of commencement, heiiur a por-
tion of one hundred vara lot No. 130 of said city
and Count/.
And also that certain real pronert • situate In
the city of Los Angeles, county of LosAn.elea,
State of Cdllfor la. described as follows, to wit:
Lot nineteen (19). block D, Morris Vineyard
Tract, in said city of Los Ange.es.
Lot twenty (20) In b ock two (2), Washington
Garden Tract, In aaid city of Los Ange es.
Lot twenty-two (22), block two ( ), Washington
Garden '1 ract, in Mild city of Los Angeles.
And also the northerly sixiy (60) feet of lot
three (3), block seventeen (17), Ord's survey uf
the ci y of Los Angeles, . ountv of Los An-
geles, stale of Cal.fornia, and 1 cliii; the north-
erly half of said lot 3. now being tte property
of the estate of sa:a CHAi.LKs N. HAS on,
deceased, the said real property to be sold pur-
suant 10 said order, and the same will b • sod in
separate lots, parcels or trtcts, or parts of said lots,
parcels or racis.
The terms of said sale wiil ' be cash In lawful
money ot the United state* on confirmation of
sale, or one-third thereof in cash on confirmation
of sale, oue-lhird on or before six months, and oue-
tblrd on or btf >re twelve months from ih • d te of
sale, all defemd payments to be secured by note
or notes and mortgage or mortgages of the pur-
chaser or purchasers on th* real estate sold, and to
bear interest at the rate of 9 per <ent per annum:
that offers or b <l.i in writing will be received by
• he undersigned at the otlic- of Wa.ter Rose, 1 sq.,
entrance room 2, 238 W. Ptrst ; su, Redick b oc ..
city of 'os A les. connty of l.os Angeles, >tate
of Calif rnia, or Messrs. Kaston, Eldrldge & Co..
tf3B Market St., San 1 r.ncisco, Cal , for the pur-
chase of said property, and said bids may be let;
with Wai. er Rose, Esq., Mes-rs Easton, Eldrlage
A Co. or the nnaerslftned, at 631 fcouth Spring st.,
In the city of Los Angeles Cal.
Dated this 30ih day of January, A. D. 1897. -
MARION E. Ha SjsON. .
Executrix of the last will and testament of
CHARLES N. HASSON, d«ce^sed. .
Wai.tkr Rosk, Esq., rooms 1, 2, 3, K. dick block,
Los a in; les, CaL, attorney for executrix, or Eas-
ton. Eldrldge <t Co., 638 Market su, San Fran-
cisco, or illl sontb Broauway, Los Angeiea.
Dated February 2, 1897.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE--003 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
I £ M i ArTHoR IZKD TO~7ELI~T^nE~FOL"
unde^/ifec^ureT ° Wned by lhe baDkS ' ta " en
*M^l°? ce r £. '? room boll '' P: No. 1 condition: 3
lo^Vlfm ?? BtMtoa: nei hoorboal first c ass:
„" 44x10 , u * i Pr ° P rtir cost tlle late owner $4500:
c^sh bought fOr $2800; terms $500 t* J 800
1 h'!n^l- r8 .' cl f M 6 - TOOm modern hon-e: large lot;
chn?h\ ° ' oca ' a '? llon: 1 block to cars, store*.
cl v, hes and bChool street work complete; aoon
$^5C0 t ;ssO0 n ca*h PrOr ' e y: lot $1800: price
t,«l"nt»° tta g Kf 5 , room 3: bath newly Papered and
S?icl «i : sm b «onA° loca :staHoa and electric-cars;
price $1500; $200 to $400 CJSh.
«-*'^,' ' lt laS! '-o r< irteuCl property on Harrison \
St.; corner 10, 78x:50: m:,der : hruse, to rooms: I
nrn? f' best residence portion of ihe<itv: tin-j
Property US s oW 2 ye«rs ago T " r *20.000;' can be
bougnt o-day f r th» mortga.e-sio.ooo. .
«^h c have H " uniOt r . f otJier pr p. rtles improved
and unimproved for sa under forced circum-
p fcation We W ' U sladiy lur a full llst Oil a
J. a MYERS, 1002 Broadway, Oakland.
shl, c COST »2000; ' NKW COLONIAL
«U • \n <JV. Btyle CO' tace of 6 rooms: on corner;
lot 50x130 on Telegrapii aye.; eleitric line in
iiont. - y . (3— 17j9)
1 $^000 will Du V cozy cottaee of 5 large rooms:
lot4oxl2b on impioved street; lawn, good barn
and ravel driveway; 1 b.ock to cable: wa kinc
distance 01 trains. (3—1760)
$975 will buy a building lot 37x120 feet in
gooa location; near Telegraph-aye. c ectnc
line. . (3—l32'^
$650-Coroer lot 100x100; 1 block fi'om Grove-
st. electric line; this is the cheapest lot In North
Oakland. * 1523)
$350— Building lot with desirable surroundings;
1 block from iSan Pablo aye. cars, in Golden
**?.*• ■ (3— Ii»i8)
if you want to buy send for our printed list of
special bargains.
HUGH M. CAMERON.
479 Ninth st., Oakland, Cal.
OUR OWN 5-HOOM COTTAGE (MODERN)
and lo for *950, payments to suit: hue lot tor
fin-? ca3h> $s Inonl hk"- adjoining East Oakland.
459 Ninth St., Oakland. H. Z. JONES, Owner.
%^1 N W MODERN HOUSE 8 ROOMS
T" v- aDd lot for Bale » l * 30 Der month
and nothing down: weil located. Apply ALDEN-
GARFIiiLD CO.. 902 Broadway. Oakland.
A $1100-5-ROOM COTTAGE AND LOT 30x
1.-0, situate on Campbell s:.: easy terms; or
wou d trade for Loi Angeles property. WM. J.
DINGKfc., 460 fcimuh su, Oakland.
.^l4OO M h^. K " N C<)TIA K : •* KOOMS
tIP-LIUI/. andba-h; irith barn: right in Oak-
land; part cash. Address Owuer, 108 Fourth st
Oakland. • ■ •
•ft 1 Of) CASH AND $15 PER ONTH WILL
<il, -i \r\J secure moderu 5-room cottage and barn
onlarte lot: be utl tui eaid-n: Fruiivale: price
t-« 5U . 1 ; taken soon: cost $1750. SAMUEL &
kNuWLKs, 481 Mnth st., Oakland.
ft/WOO SPLK.NDID COTTAGE, 5 LARGE
I®^\J\J\J. rooms: loi 40x128; s.reet cbmplete;
lawn in front: fine barn and gravel' drlv -way.
HUGH M. CAMERON, 479 Ninth 5.., Oakland.
Q'T^TO $150 FOR CHOICE BUILDING
*jD • *J lots in the town of Fltchburg; a new sta-
tion established near Oaklaad.-on the Haywardi
and ban Leandro local line. Oy the Southern Pacitlc
Company; only 45 minutes from (san Francisco
and 6 minutes from Oakland: electric-cars every
ew minutes; terms to suit buyers. Apply to
C M. KUNKLii, owner, »16% Washington sl
Oakland. Cal.
OAKLAND ROOMS TO LET.
VTKATLY FURNISHED SUNNY FRONT
-J-' room, convenient to local train, by a widow
with 'n home. Address G., box 10, Call Office.
Oakland. ' '
ALAMEDi ADVERTIIiKIEHfS
jir.AMrnv KKAL f«t\t^.
ATTENTION! — I HAVE SOME CHOICE
XI. land near Pleasanton. Alameda County, which
I win sell for what it will brin*; title perfect-
make an offer. B. s_ box 42, Call Oflice.
|. EAU'I FL'L ALAMEDA— HOME-SEEKKRS.
• ' examine Damon's mo i«» cottages; 4, 5 and 6 !
rooms; *1760. 2050, $2250. 41l Central aye., '
near Second-aye station.
j EAUTIFUL >ÜBLBBAN HOMK, SAN JOSK
1-* aye.. naar Grand St.: house, 10 rooms and
bath: 2 years od: price $7000: or will exchange
for San Fra i.eisco. EASTON, ELUKiDGK COM-
PANY, 638 Market at- ■
4 LOTS: 50x150 EACH: NOKTH DX OF
sai Jose aye.. bet. Walnut and Willow; must
be sold; an offer .wanted. T. F. BAIBD,- 13U3
Park si., A ameda.
1. ARGAINfc-830 I"'' R FOOT;LO TS ON NORTH
I > side San Antonio aye,, near Grand st,
250—50x150; -an Jos-* aye., nr. Wiilow st.
$1760— 50xiy). new modern house. 6 rooms
and bath; nortu side .of street; must be sold at
once.
Many other sacrifices. iuLi 1 .
AL'MEDA LAND CO.,
1500 Park st.. Alameda.
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
■VTEW Vb'uOM COmOK: MANTEL, BATH,
J-l pautry, laundry, hot and cold water, stable,
eh ck n-bouse; fenced; sewered; 2 blocks from
station: lot 40x100; $1500. \\. C. MORAN,
Lorin, or F. BOKGLE, Golden Gate..
J?OR SALE OR EX>HANOK FOR LOTS OR
X ranch; pretty 5-room cottage; modern improve-
ments; lot 45x110. barn, etc ; nice location; handy
to train and electnc-rara. Ad. box 113. B rkelev.
' i
MUSICAL INSTRUBIENTS.
. I
AT SHKRMaN, CLAY <fe CO.'S ONLY WILL I
->"V yuu find a stock of new Steinway pianos
ACTUALLY THE BKtST BARGAINS IN
XV pianos; see our 1 st for this week: pianos on
$3, $4, $5, $t>, $7. $8. $9, $10, $15. $20 monthly
payments: fine stool and cover wuh each: deliv-
ered free anywhere in the city and kept tuned by
expert concert tuner*. The F. W. SPENCER CO.
Salesrooms, 933 Market st., opp. Mason. ■• ■ ■
OUR RENT CONTRACT PLAN ENABLES
every family to have a fine new piano. BHEK-
MAN, CLAY <t CO., aray and suiter sts.
A CSOLUTELYTHKOLDKST AND LAKOJCST
XV house west of ' Chicago Is KOHLEK &
CHASK'S, 26, 28 and SO O'Farrell st.; pianos, or-
gans and all other musical instruments, of all
grades and price*: terms e»sy: prices lowest;
everything po^albl* dune to pleads and satisfy mo
customer.
WHY PAY REN l' FOR A PIANO WHEN
»» the same mon hlv payments ■ will purchase
one at SHERMAN, CLAY & CO.'S. t
ONA FI D X REDUCTION IN PRICES—
1> Halnes. Knabe, Bush & Gerts and others: sec-
ond-hand pianos from $iOO up. W. C. HAMIL-
TON\ successor to A. L. Bancroft <fc Co., 324 i o*L \
■ __ — ;
THE BKST PIANOS OF EVERY GRADE, I
from Melnway down, can be found at fcHER.
MAN, CLAY & CO.'&
A DMINISTRATOR'S SALE — JID«T SKLU
s\- pianos at immense reduction for cash or on
<ns ailments. EATON ESTATK, 735 Market.
Pi ANO- SOLD AT SHERMAN, CLAY <fc CO.'S
on very easy payments. '
GOOD UPKIGHTS t1.!5, Sl5O AND ' $175:
square $65: call soon. MaUVaIS MU&IC
COMPANY, 769 Market su
BARGAIN — FINE LARGE UPRIGHT-
che p. SCHMITZ. 16 McAllister st., next to
Hibernia Bank.
ELEGANT $500 LPRTO II . SACRIFICED;
must be sold at once. 833 Castro st.
ELEGANT WEKHR AND STEINWAY; OR-
dered sold at once. 809 -Market St., room 12.
VISE UPRIGHT PIANO; CASH OR INSTALL^
X: nieuis. Address Bargain, box 99, this office, j
Cjlin A C.OOD. 7-OcTAVE UPKIOHT; FINE
»g)t7V/. condition; $51nstallmts.221Leavenworth.
TTORNUNG'S PIANO; MOST PKRFECT;
XJ- brilliant and powerful tone. 216 Post st.
WG. BADGER. SOLE A«-ENT FOR HALLET
"» .* Davis and Francis Bacon pianos. 413 sacto.
Q I (\(\ A WALNUT UPKIGUT. STOOL,
<3)X\J\J. scarf. Bruenn's Piano-house. 228 Post.
A SHAW. STKINWAY $250. CHICKERINQ
XX. $185; great bargains: s4 mo HjiINE.I36 EL'U
YRON iIAIZY. r,OB PuST ST >OHMKR,
N ewby & Evanv Briggs and other pianos.
UPKRIOR VIOLINS, ZITHKKS, OLD A NEW
0 H. MULLER. maker, repairer. 'i Latham piace. •
I * PROPOSALS.
"V-OTICE - NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN
XI that I will on Monday, February 15, 1897, al 2
o'clock p. m., »t the urthoase in YnbaCity, Kut-
ter County, > al.. receive sealed poposal-i for the
surrender bo..ds issued on Levee District No. 1
of Mitier County, act or ling to an act of the Leg-
is aiure. approved April 9, IpBo, to the amount of
eight thousand five hundred ($8500) dollars. No
bids above par vi ill be accepted. All bonds must
accompany the bids. L. J. I'OPK", .. .
: ■■ - ■ Treasurer of Sutter County, Cal.
oba City, February 1, 1897.
PROFESSIONAL CARDS.
JOHN E. BICHARD3, LAW OFFICES. ROOMS
«J SW and 27, Crocker ouaiaiu*,- Miepuoua AUut ■
75, tan Francisco. Cal.
"1 OHN R. AITKKN AND MAURICE L. ASHKB.
O »t;ys X l*w, rms aii.olii. bih nw>i,rumnbl<Xt
EDUCATIONAL.
T UCKUARDT'S COMBINED ASSAY OFFICE
J-i and School of Instruction (incorporated):
Pua UCAi. and INDIVIDUAL instruction in
the latest improved methods ln^assaylnx, nnalysls,
electroplatiiifr. CYANIDE procesj, etc.; SPECIAIj
ATTENTION given to caieful a say and analysis
of ores, waters, etc. 26 O'Farreil at.: elevator.
A SCHOOL OF PHYSICAL CULTURE AND
Elocution, 1215 Oc:avia st., San Francisco,
MIS.S KLIZA MA« KINTOSH. pupil of Professor
G. W. Bayuham, Glasgow, Scotland, and .graduate
of the school of Oratory, Philadelphia, Pa.,
teacher, cflice days, Tnurs. and Sat. P. >f.
HEALD'S BUSINESS OLLKG X, 24 POST—
Eookkeeplnsr, business practice, shorthand,
typing, telegraphy, langusices. English brauchaa,
electrical engineering: 'J.O teachers; 15,000 KraUt*-
ates; day and evening sessions; catalogue.
AYBES', THK LEADING COLLEUB, 33*
Mont^omerr St.; Individual instructloa IB
chorthaod, typlntr. bookkeeping, teleßraphy, etc.:
llle scholarshln $50? l.w r»< ocr week and mx
STAMMEKING, LISPIXO, ALL IMPERFEC-
O tions of speech, positively cured: voice build-
ins;, inclividua Instruction; referenct's from best, in
California. PROF. R. H. DA VIS. 1508 Markeu
©1 r COMPLETF COURSE. SHORTHAND
«Jn LO. and typewriting (Pitm:in or Graham) by
Kastern law stenographer; day urevening Instruc-
tion. 1816V3 I'ost sl.
STIEHL'S SHORTHAND A N . BL'SINK-a
College. 933 Market st. ; stuaents trained: ottica
biluailuns secured ; lowest rates or credit for tuition.
PIANO, VIOLIN, MANDOLIN, GUITAR,
banjo, 50c- per lesson. MMX. PHCENIX, 62»
Clay sw, room 20.
ELOCUTION AND DRAMA: 1 EI.SARTE
-LJ tborougnly taueht: appearances arranged: 1 to
Bp.m. OL.VE HOFF-SCHROtDEK, Hydest.
BKLASCO'S LYL'KU.iI SCHOOL OF ACTING—
XJ Private theatricals arraiged: pupils rehearsed
on stage. P.. 6 and 12, 1.0.0. F. block, 7th and Mkt.
"L^NGINEKKINU SCHOOL: MECH.. KLKC.,
XJ civil, alng, survey, assay, arcblt.. X ra/
laugin,;es.lB64. A. VAN DKR NAILLi.N.723 Mice
SUBSCRIPTIONS AND WANT ADS FORTHE
0 Call taken at brauch otUce, 839 Hayes sl.;
open until y -.30 o'clocic
PIANO LESSONS AT PUPIL'S HOME; 50c;
X bestref. B. F. , box 76, Call Office.
SPANISH HCKOOb— LE-SONS $3 A
mo.; 4t091: M. Boom 10. Y. M. C. A. bldog.
SPANISH.FKENCH.Etc: Prof. FILIPPE'S
Academy of Languages, 32o Postsl;estab'd 18 71
SINGING; PIANO: PARIS , GRADUATE;
French, German languages: $2 mo. 109 Taylor.
EO COOPER'S SCHOOL OF ACTING, DaNC-
XJ ing, voice, pantomime, stage. 814 Geary st. '
ANJO, PIA.NO. MANL-OL! •• ANJ) GUITAR
thoroughly taught; lessons 00c. 125 Tenth st.
ÜBOF. L. RAN KIN— VIOLIN. MANDOLIN,
X mandola;terms reasonable. 225Geary,nr.Powell
UITAR, MANDOLIN. PIANO AND VUCAXi
VX lrssons. $3 ma Mary Wemtbans, 39 Fifth.
OOKKPNG. WKITNO. AKITHMTC. GRAMR,
1 >day & nUht: nocla«s" 85 mon' •'. 545 Mission.
BIEDICAL.
A SURE. SAFE AND SPEEDI CURE FOR
all female diseases; ladies may have the bene-
fit of the skill and attention of a physician of long
and successful practice. A home In confinement
with b. st care, with the privacy of a home and the
conveniences of a hospital. Those who are sick or
discouraged should call on doctor and slate their
case. All consultation free and confidential sole
agent Rex Magnus, the great worid-renowed rem-
edy for home treatment. MRS. DB, GWYER,
226 Turk st.
R. J. 11. JOSSELYN, THE GREAT SPBCIAL-
Ist, still offers his vnluable services to the un-
fortunate. Wtth a mind matured and enriched by
studies of an advanced order, there is hardly a
disease In the catalogue of human ills he cannot
treai to a peifect cure. Larlies, he is always realy
to assist you. His Knowledge has been strength-
ened by extensive experlenca No case reculiar
to yonrdelic te organism Is beyond his sure con-
trol. His female montnly remedies are sure aud
safe In their eftVcls. His tried and valuable reme-
dies for lost manhood are never-failing in their
action, and are warranted tor both youni; and old.
He excels all others i 1 cure of private diseases.
Over 60 years of practice enables him to warrant
a cure in all cases. Consultation parlors. 906
Market su Call or write direct to 906 Market St.,
rooms 11 and 12.
A LL CASES OF MONTHLY ESSION
XX. (from whatever caus ■) restored in a few
hours: safe and sure at any time; instant relief for
travelers; home in confinement: best care and
privacy: regular physician; 30 years' successful
practice: my celeorated rt-med.es for monthly
suppression never fai : medical electricity for all
fema c. comp aims: every case guaranteed; con-
futation free, confiden ial; hour* .oto6. MRS.
DR. WYKTH, 916 Post St., near Larkin.
A PROCESS THAT IS PERFECTLY HARM-
less: never fails In any case of monthly slck-
netis, no motter what cau^e; no elec rictty bum-
bug or ether dangerous methoas: money in every
case refunded if a cure is not effected: travelers
helped imiiiediaiely; years' experience; home iv
confinement with sanitarian convenience^ Con-
suit free the only reliable physicians, DR. AND
MKs. DaVIKs, 14 Mc.\ilis;er su, uext Hibernia
Bank: hours, 9 a. m. to 5 and 7 to 8 p. M.
A iKOCESS THAT NEVER FAILS TO RR.
XV stors every case of monthly sickness from
whatever cause in a few hours when medlclnos
and others have lalled; no instruments used:
many years' experience: every case guaranteed;
edvlce free:' terms reasonable; flrsi-claas priva.a
home for rontinemen:. MR.-i DH. DAi-KY, 1124
Market st., over the Owl Dru£ Store.
ANEW PROCESS— NO MEDICINE, INSTRTJ-
ment or worthless pills used; every woman
her own physician foral: female troubles, nomacter
from what cause; restores always in one day :can be
sent and used at home; al cases guaranteed; do
not trust Incompetent female physic. ans. DR.
POPPER, the we.l-kti own pioneer, 318 Kearny at.
DR. FOULETS FRRNCH CAPSULEB — A
guaranteed absolute cure for all female dis-
eases (no matter what cause): positively safe and
sure-, no dang r or after effects: taken in time is
also acts as a preventive; price $1 50 per box;
bent free by mail on receipt of price. "VVALLIiii
BROS.. 33 Grant aye.
DR. AND MRS. WEGENER. 526 EDDY ST.;
private home with every comfort; separate
rooms before and during confinement; all female
complaints skillfully treated; regular physician;
quick relief for travelers; best care: terms uiodor-
Ate; consultation fre<-: pills $2.
T ADIES, CHICHESTER'B ENGLISHPENNY-
XJ royal Pills (Diamond Brand) are best; safe, re-
liable; take no other. Send 4c, stamps, for particu-
lars, "Relief lor Ludies," in letter by return mail;
at druggist's. Chichester Cnem. Co.. Philadelphia
DRB. GOODWIN. SPECIALIST: LADIF.-C.
.near or f:ir, Bafe. c.n ek cure guaramer-d; any
disease; home for patients: best skill; free diaguo-
sis; low lees: se.f cure. 401 Van Ness aye., flat D.
AT THE PEOPLK'S ONE DOLLAR MEDICAL
Institute all cases treated ana medicines fur-
ns!) ed for Sl ; call or write. 1029!/2 M rket St.,
bet. bixtb and Seventh, >au 1 ranci.se-, Cal.
DX. AND MRS RAY — lALISTS IN
female -diseases:- irregularities restored with-
out fill; no instruments: safe and sure: private
home; infallible pills; regular physician. 61 Fifth.
(E-^rvA PAID FOR AC'ASE I FAIL TO CURB
«IP«Jv/v/ : of female complaints or diseases of the
eye; consultation free. MRS. DR. sbCOT'I,3-5 Geary
DU PBAE'o FEMALK RKGULATINU PILLS;
safe and efficient emmenaeogue: $1 per box.
BICHABDS <tCO.,druggiats. 406 Clay st..soleagts,
ALI'EAU'S FRENCH PILLS— A BOON TO
XV ladies with female troubles; no danger; safe
and sure; $2 50 express C. O. D.; don't delay until
too late. O^GOOD BROS.. Oakland, CaL
ON'T FAIL TO CONSULT Dli. JoRDAN AT
his museum, 1051 Maricet St.: his 30 year*
roccessful practice Is a srup.raniee of fair treatment;
the worst cases treated satisfactorily by mail.
SF. LYING-IN (PRIVATi ) HOMK; Dl 3
. eases of women and children. 235 Kearny, r. 9.
Tl OME, A FRIEND AND MOTHER'S CARB,
XI MRS. DR. FUNKE. 1416 t.tghth St., Alameda,
IF IRREGULAR OR ANY FEMALK UI>KASB
see MRS. DR. PUETZ and be content. 254U, *'-h.
1 \R. HALL, 14 MCALLISTER BTBRS'T, NKAtt
■Is Jones. Diseases ot women and children.
HORSES.
yl A HORSES FOR SALE; ALSO WAGONS,
l\J buggies, carls, harness: Grand Arrade Horsa
Market, 327 Sixth St.: auction su.es every Wed-
nesday. SULLIVAN <fe DOYLE. Auctioneers.
CA HEAD OF HORSES SUITABLE FOR ANY
*J\J huslness from S»UO to 1500 pounds. Old Turlt-
si. c«r stables, 1301 Turk; must be sold.
F.(|M SJiT NEW AND hKCOND-HAND HAK-
\J\J, ness: all kinds: bupry, wacon, carts. Burrer
& rockaway, 40 cheap horses. lSlb and Valencia
CA HEAD DRIVING AND WORK HORSES;
O\J weight 1000 to 1700 lbs. 862 Howar'l st.
• WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
2 BUSINESS BUGGIES: 1 N ■ W AND 1 BKO
— on.i-haud; must D- sold. 1202 Webs:er st.
OR SALF.— TEA. l OFFEE AND SPICE
X 1 wngoii. 1340 Turk st.
YEW AND SECOND-HAND BAKHR. LAUN-
'-LY'dry and rnilk-waeon; also fine top buggy and
rockaway." 8V:8 H arrlson st.
BICYCLES. \:';:>-
SH COND-H A N D-2 TANDEM -, $S0 AN lT$90l;
2 roadsters, $25 and 1 30 good a * new. Go. den
Ru.e Bazaar Bicycle Department, 25 Geary su
YEW bTBARNS BI« YCLE, U-KD 6TIMhR
i-> f rsale tor *30 if sold at once. 516 Geary st.
j STORAGE.
T>EDUCKD RATES, FURNITUKK, PIANOS.
XX houaeholu sooda. eic, J. M. PlKBUii, 735 Mick
1314
HOISKS TO LKT.
OQCi HAIGHT.9 ROOMH. BATH.LAUN-
n.i.7 dry, cement cellar, i'ic. 54S 00
2612 Folsom— IS j'O'.'ius, bath, utab.e, etc...*-.O 00
726 Shoiweli— 9 moms, liatb $T»J 00
17 Guerrero— 6 rooms, hath E23 OO
1418 Fifteeuth, near Jioward— 6 rooms.
bath *1" 60
16 Lafayette— 6 rooms $18 00
20 Ash aye.. near Polk and McAllister— 4
rooms $15 00
1019 Capp— s rooms. 813 00
12/>2 York— t o t»ge, 5 rooms, bath, stable. .$l4 00
1940 Lexington ave.— Cottage.u roorm.bam.sl2 UO
W. i:. CRIM it < 0., 118 .Montgomery st.
■j riv, TAYLOR— SUNNY HOUSE OF 10
J O_'' rooms, bath; tine view; rent reasonable.
9 WALLER, NR. 1 VIA— NICE HOUSE:
•- 10 rooms nnd bath: snn ail <lay : rent $30. Ap-
ply MADISON ik. BUKKE. (9?Bi
<TU f - « KOOMS AND BATH; NICKLY' DEC-
orated. 143(5 c<olden Gate aye., N. side.
Q ROOMS. RATH AND LAUNDRY, ON 12TH
'tJmL.il rooms bath aud laundry, on 'ilfn Park
aye., large yards lront anu rear, aitrnc;ive loca-
-1 ion, sunny, ciean, in od repair; rents very low. i
DEM PrTr.R, 36 Glen Park aye.. off 1 welf ih St.
A a(\ 1731 BP.OADWAY. NF.Mt OOUGH— B
Jjiv. 100ms: every con^eulence: marine view.
BAD TKNANTb KJKCTKI); $3. MMlTfi,
collector, 14 McAllister st., rooms 10-11.
CL»*)M "SU LA«iUNA: HOUSE 6 BOOM 4,
«J)J.U. $16—1835 Union: corner: 4 rooms.
$14—1833 Union; 4 rooms.
KOOMS; 533b ISKCCND ST.; $15 PER
montb. Key at 639 ■ econd st,
rr KOOMS; 537b SKCOND bT.; »17 I'tAi
i month. Key at 539 Second st.
ROOMS: NKW HOUSE: MODERN IM-
provements; 45 Fcdera s'.; $15 per month to
desirable tenants. Key at 639 -eco .d st.
HUUbt..-* 1U KJbN*r i'Oit VI.XV LITTLK
monpv- at U.vL,i»\Vl:\ v n^ilJlO.Mj'S Xj
>'. nrtromerv rt.
FUKXISHED HOUSKS.
SUNNY UPPER FLAT, FURNISHED: 6 KM*,
bath;cheap. l all 12 lo 'I. 2sl4Vfc=>utter; large
yar 1 .
COTTAGES TO LET.
A(\ 4 TO 8 ROOM COTTAGES, $10 TO $50:
t" or wl 1 sell on terms like rent: only sma 1
cash payment; get list. Sl'fclCK & CO., 602
Mar&ut St.
©1A NEAT COTTAGE: 4 ROOMS AND
t£)-LU. yarJ. 1703 lurt St., cor. Scott.
Ai j- NICK COTTAGE; 5 1 OUBlS: BAIH;
fjrltj. sunny: yard; cellr.r. Key 711 Treat aye.
■\TEWLY' FURNISHED COZY COTTAOK. 5
-L\ rooms and balh: 520 liakerst.; reut $35 tv
rfsponsible party wtthoai children.
r-ItOOM SUNNY' COTTAGK: LARGE GAR-
«-) den: chicken-hous?: modern improvem«nts;
rent $i 6 50. 317 Clipper St., nt-ar Ca».ro.
<2;7 AND $9: COTTAGES; 3 AND 4 ROOMS;
<Jp I good order. Apply on premises, 945 Rryant
M . or«. H. T.MBSKN <fc CO.. 14 MonißOmerr bl.
FLATS TO LET;
-I awe: VALE ~ CIA— B ROOMS. BATH.. 00
±\>^.O 537 Howard— s rooms, bath $22 50
] 143 Valencia— 1> ro..ms. bath »2v 50
615 Third— Upper s-x rooms. ba T .h $->00
i>629 Seventeen. n, : enr Dolores— Upper 7
rooms, batii; nearly new $20 00
1609 urk-5 rooms, bath $2U 00
904 t-hotwell. cor. Twenty-third— Upper, 5
rooms, bath 818 00
115 Hermann, near Valencia and Market. 5
rooms, bath $18 00
5% Morrs «ye.— Middle 5 rooms bath $16 00
116 I>orland, near Seventeenth and Do-
lorea— s rooms $14 00
W. H. CKIM & CO., 118 Montgomery st.
Ql9 NHK FLAT: 4 ROOMS AND BaTH.
0 1 — • 913 Bncbanan St., near McAllister.
ELEGANT SUNNY FLAT; 7 ROOSJS; BATH;
latest improvements. 3338 'iwenty- first si.,
near Valeucta.
(£1 .4 UPPER FLAT 6 KOOMS AND \TII.
t. 1 1. Apply 2643 Bryant st., nr. '1 weuty-tiflh.
ri n FRANKLIN— SUNNY' FLAT 7 ROOMS
I 1O and bath; next house to Golden Gate aye.
T OWER AND UPPER FLATS-5 ROOMS,
XJ bath and yard; $15 and 818. Miotwell St.,
near Fourteenth.
•1 r BONITA— FLAT OF 4 ROOMS: LARGE
XO yard: rent $8.
l'JO'Jl HACRAMKNTO - FLAT 5 ROOMS.
J »J— modern improvements: rent $16.
T?LAT; 5 KOOMS AXDBATIt: SUNNY BELT;
-T *15 per month: 2610Vs Mission sU Apply 844
Capp st.
MODERN BUNNY UI'PER 5-ROOM FLAT.
S4l Capp, near fwenty-f urth.
q><->X MODERN FLAT; 8 ROOM", BATH.
<Jp —O. 112S uoward st., near Seventh.
S.i ELKGANT 5 AND H ROOM FLATS;
—O. reduced to and $18. SPEC & Cu.,
602 Market st.
ELEGANT BAY-WINDOW: SUNNY'; 6
roonn, oath $20. 735Miunast., nr. Ninth.
4 ROOMS. BATH, ETC.. TILED SINK. L-OOR-
ope:ier, et<-. : 4 rooms and bath, second floor;
3 room», laundry, "large yard! foi flowers.. base-
ment, etc.: all sunny; location very attractive:
rooms clean: rents very low. DEMPSTER, 36
Glen Park aye., off I'weifth st.
APHTON & GARDINER, 411 MONTGOMERY
5t.— 1707 Powell st . op •- Plaza: very sunny:
lar^eyard; six rooms: reut $-.8.
LOVELY NEW SUNNY FLAT OF 8 ROOMS
JJ nnd bath: larce yard and storeroom: beauti-
ful view; sele t ucighbo hood. 2115 Hyde st.
"L'URNISHKD FLAT: 2 BEDROOM^, KITCH-
Yen and paror; rent only $14 per month. Ap-
ply 515 Second st.
QIO LOWER SUNNY' FLAT. 3 JANE PL.,
«g).L^. off Pine, Dear Mason, oh Hill, uocarlar-,
HANDSOME, SUNNY, NKW, 4;K(,OMS; ALL
modern: cheap rent. 2927 -acrarcento st.
Cj I C 1425V2 SACRA.iENTO NX. HYDE—
{jpj- Fl.it. 5 sunny rooms and bath.
Q ADELAIDE P ACE, <>FF TAYLOR NEAR
0 Potit— Nice 4 room ila; $14.
TO THERIGIiI PARTY'— 1 CAN bKLLA NKW
X cn;tac» of 4 rooms fit d baihon 1. rms of 150
cash ami balance month. y. K. M. LONG, 3:07
Twenty-second St., coruer Mission. Ollice open
evenings ai:er 7:bO.
9* KKRMANN, COR. MARKET ANUVAL-
+»O encia— Fiut: 6 rooms ami lar^e basemeut.
17<LAT OJ» 3 ROOMS TO LKT; $10. 342 Mo
' Aili-ter st-
<2j 1 I 4 KOIiMS, LAKMK YARD. 1017%
tip 1. i . union st., bet, Jones and Leaveaworth.
V'KW SUNNY UPPER* FLAT: 4 ROOMS: 8176
J-> 25ih,cor.Fo!som. J. A. ULKICH,*I Crocker bl.
4 -ROOM FLAT: FKDERAL FLACK. OFF FED-
eral St.: 10 a Ifiiaut without culldren; $10 per
mouth. Key at si>» ond s:.
CHEAP MODKKN FLATS, b AND 6
\J rooms. f 8 10 ff 16: see them. 623 Seventh st.
QlO AND $20: MODERN FLATS. 5 AND 6
010 roonii. 94 and 96 Belchitrst,, uear S. end
llllmore.
011 I,OVfcLY SUNNY FLAT 6 ROO3IH.
<?L"!. batli and c&a. »928 Nlneteeuth St., beL
Noeanil >ahchez.
1/"<LA r l» 'lv n*..\l afUtl VKKV LITTLK
J iuont-y at I'.ALtiW'l.v cc 11 AiliiONi/a, Iti
jucnteoiuery st.
» WEEK'S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS — THit
t\. WEEKLY CALL, in wraDoer. for mailiae.
HOI>KKKEPIMi KOOMS.
buati Street.
(\C)~\ BUSH — FL"I'.MMIKD OR UNFUR.
U«— 1 nlshed rooujs; ligbt housekeeping board:
■lusle $6. v
Castro Street.
A(\Z. CASTRO, RKAK— 3 NICE SUNNY
J\>O hard- finished rooms, unfurnished: large
yard; cbe»p.
Dcvit>a(lero Street.
1 7f»X DEVISADKRO- SUNNY FUB-
-1 • \jO uished 100 ms: $4 and *5 per montb.
Kddy Street.
mKDDY— NICELY FURNISHED SUNNY
J I I rooms lor housekeeping; running water,
Ijaih, etc.: cneap. • .
J«J7 EDDY— 2, » AND 4 B!OMS; WKLL
t»>l anl completely iur ibbed for housekeep-
ing; terms reasonable to d«-s!rable piuty.
7 I r ICDDY — WKLL-FfRMSHKD^ KOOMS
1 i kj for. housekeeping; 2 large clo;ets: 815.
x-xtis Street.
099 KLLIS — ELEGANTLY FURNISHED
»_) — — houseKe-pins and slncle rooms; reasonable
O9f« KLLIS-2 FURNISHI HOUSEKEEP-
OZ)\.) ing rooms. »i:!i bath: reasonable.
"OA KI.LIS— 2 « ALL IU.OM.S FUR.\H?HKi>
OOU for hous keeping; In iear: cheap.
KnQ ELLIS-2 SUNNY FUKNISHKD ROOMS
O\JO complete for i:ouse>eeoiDg: «15. y ■
Fell Street.
AI Jl FELL— SUNNY FRONT BOOM AND
til ljj kitchen: furniahed: no bath nor gas.
lIOI'SEKKKPINO BOOMS— Continued. J
i 11th Street.
01/ l FIFTH— 2 SUNNY. FRONT HOUSE-
Olrr keepi' g rooms: stove, closet, bath: no
children: $:0.
Q» 1 A WEEK: LARGE SUNNY FURNISHED
rj> 1 room; closet, bath: private. 314 t-it.h st.
90 FIFTH— 2 ROOMS FURNISHED FOR
■— — housekeeping: rent cheap.
DQX FIFTH-CLBAN, FURNISHED HOUSE-
')—') keeDiDg; 1, 2. 3, 4, $7 up; single, 5.
l-om-iii Mie«c.
.79c FOURTH FuTTnT^HF. ROOMS FOR
— — 'J ligat housekeetiin^: reasonable.
. Franklin Street.
nr FRANKLIN— LaKi.K FRONT. BAY-
•- wlndo-v room: uunnlsned: suUab.e for
hoosekecLilng.
Fourteenth Street.
|(Qb FOURTEENTH— 2 SUNNY' UNFUR-
I.-»-/ nisbed housekeeping rooms: baib.
Ge-try Street.
OAT GEARY— NEWLY FURNIPHED BAY-
O»'l window rooms; r-asouable; haudsoma new
corner flat.
Golden Gate Avenue.
1 fifirt GOLDEN GAl AVK.. COR. LAGU-
-1 UUU na-street Park — Handsomely furnished,
large, sunny, front room; bay-window: also large,
slugle room.
j Grove Street.
-1 9QIOROVE— SUNNY ROOMS NICELY
X~j<J~iurDlshe<i: suitable for housekeeping.
Howard Street.
Xf\A HOWARI' — SUJ TE HOUSEKEEPING
O\J\t rms, first floor, neatly furnsnd; also single.
Jcaiie Streeu
371 JESSIE, NEAK FIFIH-2 SUNNY CON-
I J nectlng rooms furnished for housekeep-
ing: $10.;
Laguna Street.
QOfi LAGUNA, NE. CuRNER OF MoALLIS-
t/>'" ter— s^unny housekeeping rooms, witn or
without ctts stove.
Larkin Street.
Ql Q LARKIN-FRONT .ALCOVE ROOM,
OJO with kitchen ; a. so back room aud kitchen:
single.
LeaTeoworth Street. .
99X LEAVKNWORTH — largf, UNFUR-
—— «J nisbed, b y-wludow, sunny, alcove room;
$12; American lamily.
Linden » venue.
i J9f' B LINDEN AYE.-2 ROOMS AND
"I— IJ bath: stationary tubs: private family; usi*
of parlor; (9; tbare is no alien ouu
J. 11111:, -rreo..
JQX MINNA, BKtT^-IfTH AND SIXTH-
JrOtJ 5 unfurnished rooms: also cottage.
Z.Ali MINNA— FI RNI>HED ROOMS
OIV for housekeeping: large yard.
Mission Street.
Z('~l MISSION, NEAR BECOND — LAROE
tJUI front room, with use of kitchen: cbeap rent.
QQQ MIS>ION-FROVr SUNNY ROOM, $10;
000 al(-o single and housekeepinc.
OC(. MISSION-NEW FURNISHED UOUbE-
OO'J keeping ioums; also slugie.
Montgomery Street.
-197 MONTGOMERY, COR. CLAY — OPEN
')— until 9:3 o'clock; branch olHce or Thk i
C all; fcubscrlptlons and ant ads taken.
.Nmiuiia Stree..
C'-NATOMA-l KUITE OF HOUSEKEEP-
-000 ing rooms: 1 single room; rent $10 and $4
per month.
M9ft KATO.MA — 4 FURNISHED ROOMH
— U complete for hou»ekecpin;: bath; ,ar)te
yard; at a sacrifice; rent $12: no agents.
la tv street.
1 9QI NINTH— FURNIHHED ROOMS
1 — Ou for housekeeping; single or double; rea-
sonable teims.
Oak Street. '
4 Q OAK— 50: FURNISHED BEDROOM;
ttO first floor; water.
<>Ik streei. ;
3 NICELY FURNIHHED ROOMS, COMPLETE
for housekeepinir; price $22. 221 Polk St.
£•1 9 POLK-HOUSEKt El ING ROOMS. UN-
'U- tutnisbed*or furuished: large sunny rooms;
' ga<: batu: yanl.
|O|(j POLK -fI'BS^HEI) ROOM; ALHU 1
1 — 1 •' large unfurnished for housekeeping, 'i
closets; gas; grate.
ioit Street.
A 1 ft POST (AUDITORIUM)— NICELY FUR-
ttl " ' ni.shed sunny .rooms; en suite and single.
7-1 t PO»T. UPSTAIRS— SUNNY FUiiNlSH-
llded aud bousekeepiug rooms.
sansome street.
Q-l n S ANSO M X -ANICELY FURNISHED
Ol rooms, $3 and up: aiso housekeeping.
Shotwell Street.
9QA BHOTWFLL— 2 FURNISHED HOUSE-
-O\J keeping rooms; sun; bath: grate: cheap.
Mxili hi reel.
mA SIXTn, COR. MINNA— 3 OR 4 FINE
1 XO sunny rooms, lurnlsbed complete for house-
keeping, with use of piano.
1 91 SIXTH-HANDSOMKLY FUKNrbHED
1 — 1 rooms for huuseixeeping; anltes and single
rooms.
Seventh Street.
Q SEVENTH— 3 HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS,
') furnished complete: 2 beJs; no children under
; 12; ;
I 1 ♦_>/• SEVKNTH—O LA RGK, DOUBLE
, 100 room for housfkeepin™; cne>p.
Shotwcll Street. .
9-1 7 SHOTWELL— 2 M'.NSY CONNECTING
ill rooms furnished complete for housekeep-
ing; gas, bath, hot aud cold water.
'_>7 SHOTWELL— 3 FINE SUNNY' HOUSE
Oi keeping roums; closets; bath; water frve;
$10. 1
South Faric. ,
1 A SOUTH PAR X — HOUHEKKEPING
I 1/ rooms, suitable for husband and wife or gen-
tlemen: sun all ■• a ■.
IL\ SOUTH PARK-2 OR 3 SUNNY FUB-
-LU tusbed houickecpiiiK; very reasonable.
O»> SOUTH PARK -2 BUNNY KOOMS NICE-
O— ly furnished for houaekei-ping.
lentil Street.
m tenth; NEAK MARKET — lABGE
ill sunny rooms; ligbt hoosekreping if desired.
I 9 4 TENTH— 2 LOVKLY FRONT. LIGHT I
J *-"i liou»fkeeplnc 100 ms; cbeap.
. ■ Third Street. T.
I AO TiflßD — SUNNY ' HOUSEKEEPING
1 XO rooms: complete: bath; gas: $2 oO week. '
C 1 Q THIRD, COR. tOUTH PAHK-HOISK-
] O LU Keeping rooms; tanse and running water.
1 __
1 urk Street.
9 A 1 TURK-TWO SUNNY ROOMS TO LET:
\j£i \<& »5 with baih and can.
Twenty-Bixth Street.
OOCI7 TWENTY-SIXTH. NKAK MISSION— 2 '
«-)«»U i nicely furnlsiitd housekeeping rooms: ,
yard; $9.
* *»•» 2*<3fc« A\«UU(,
nf\a VAN NESS AYE. — NICELY FUR-
— \J\J iilsbed rooms, hous -keeping privileges.
mVAN NKMS-2 NICELY FURMSHED
rooms: complete lor nousakee^lng; 915;
other rouuis.
IYa»hincton Street.
r«9A W A 8 H I N O T O >-HOUSEKEEPING
\J£.\J rooms: uew.y papered; $4 per on h. ;
,1 w*KKK*B NEWS iOR 5 CENTS — TUiS
■iV WEEKLY CAUL. In wrraoper. for maning
KOOMS TO LET.
iiddy Street.
m EDDY-NICELY FURNISHED ROOMS;
front and back parlor: reasonable rent.
•_:A7 EDDY'— COMFORTABLE ROOM: 1 OR 2 I
-t\l I gentlemen; gas: bath{ low rent; private
family. '
OOJ EDDY-LARGE SUNNY FRONT PAK-
«OI lor. neatly furnished: rent reasonable.
fll\\> EDDY — 'LAi G:C. WbLL-FORNISUED
UVJO room; grate; suitable for lor 2-. .
(-T1 A KIiDY — K<.EOANT PAULOR FLOOR;
UJ < unturnlsbed; bath; hot and- cold -water;
good location.
£*Q9 KDUY — FUPNISHED OR F U R-
\JO4u ulalud panor suite; a5O sing gus; bath.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 7, 1897.
KOOMS .XO I.XT Cunilniiod.
£.I*l*' street.
ROYAL HOUSE, liti J-.LLIS — IVCANDKH.
cent lights In every room: read lnc- room, con-
tainlnt; dai.y r»i ers; sntcklne-roorc and ladlej'
rarlor; open all nl^ht: looms per night. 35c to
$1 5 ■: neeic, $2 to $8: moiUb. $8 to $30: tire es-
<ares: elevator on office floor; annex of 65 rooms
now ready :hot and cold water in rach room: bains.
THK KAMd.VA, 130 ELLIS. MRsi. KATE S.
i ART . manager— a quiet hnu-e: centrally lo-
cated; newly furnished: e.evator; hot <t cold water.
SUN Ny R>O3i WITH CLOSEI; tbt; OF
bath: rent $5. 721 Ellis st.
1 llth street.
ffIHE COSMOPOLITAN - SELF.CT FAMILY
J hotel: 100 Fifth st., i-tir. Mission: rooms
60c, 76c and $1 periil^ht: $2 (o $5 per week.
Franklin Street.
91 C FRANKLIN— 1 An«E FRONT UNFUR-
<£*\-O nished .D«>--wlndow room.
J. lull Street.
SHERMAN APARTiIKNT HOURK. T8 BTH
su. near Market: lurnished and unfurnished.
I'olnom Sireei.
7^71 FOLSOM — NEAT FURNISHED
it's room: don bed and grate: private
family; rent low.
If IK I *' ( 'LS»OM, COR. SEVENTH— NEATLY"
lvUl furnished rooms; private family.
ourth Street.
Ql n FOURTH— ELIi'i.ANT SUNNY FUR-
Ol U nUhei rooms: slnfle and double; $i .5 a
week and up.
Otarr Street.
A' C GEARY— SUNNY ROOMS; SUITE OR
VlO single: fo ding-beds if desired; reasonable.
Q'A GEARY, COX. POLK— NY, NEWLY
iiOKJ furnished front rooms: family • two; for
gentlemen. <v
Golden Gate Avenue.
X 97 GOLDEN OATK AYE. -2 NICELY FUR-
\J£i 4 nisbed sunny rooms.
1 GOLDEN GATE AYE.— FURNISHED
OyJV and unfurnished rooms: pnrale family.
<»rove Street.
90 GROVE— hUNNY FURNISHED ROOMS
— «O for gentlemen or man and wife; no cooking,
- Harrison Street. , -
7QO HARRI-ON — 3 FURNISHED ROOMS
•OO for housekeeping, with yard rent 13.
Howard Street.
HOWARD— NICKLY' FURNISHED SUN-
U — ny rooms; single and double; gas and bath.'
U9Q MOW AKII— CLEAN, QUIET, FRONT
— O rooms from $5 60 up.
Hunt Street.
•J-I HUNT ST., OFF THIRD— NICE, CLEAN
OX furnished rooms: 60 cents a week and np.
Hyde Street.
7 HYDE- NICE ROOMS, SINGLE OR
t double, for gent.emau.
venl« Mr««..
290 JESSIE- housekeeping ROOMS
• - O and single rooms.
Ql O JESSIE, NR. F'UKIH - WELL- FUR-
010 nished room: sultabe for lor 2 .
■)on«i mm,
• A 7 .'ONF.B-THE \aN WINKLK: NEW
— " " I manngrment: eleean* Eunny nnltes and
dngie: newly fnrnlshea: bath, etc $10 to $30.
tl 1 JONES— 2CONNKCTINGROOMB.SUITE
«*1 1 or single: fi and $10. graie; gas and bath.
Kcarny Street,
A RLINGTON HOUSE, 127 KEARNY —
J\. Pleasant sunny rooms, en hutte and single; firsl
class in ever, respect; Irrmi reasonable.
XThWAVKNUE HOISK, 804 KEARNY ST..
Xl corner Jackson— Slugle 100 ms 15, 20, 25. 60
cents per night: special rales per weetc or monlb.
Lurk in Streot.
,419 LARKIN - FLAT OF 6 ROOMS AND
jlJa bath for resp ctable peoi le only.
(11 7 LARKIN — NICKLY FURNISHED
I'll large sunny front rooms.
I A| Ql LARKIN— SUNNY FRONT ALCOVE
IUJ room. $12: suitable light housekeeping. ,
l.faifiuiiiriii mr«ei.
m 7 LEAVENWORTH— FURNISHED
I rooms: private family; rent teasonable.
Ataiket Street.
"1f197 MARKET, NEAR SIXTH — ELE-
iuij • cantlv furnished roumi: private family;
rate reasonable.
\
1n« |C MARKET — NICKLY FCRNIUHJBD
iV i/sulies or single, from $1 50 to $5 p»r weeic
VISKMIIK HOUSE. 1045 MARKET— PER
X uight, $35 to $1 : weelt, $1 50 to»5: fami!l--s.
1 * 9>s MARKKT— LAKOK hUNNY UNKUR-
I- —O nisheu rooms; suitable for <llicts or
dressmaking , ar ors. .
1 Q9r» MAKKKr-FUR.NISHtD . AND UN-
lw-U furnlsheJ rooms for housekeeping.
»
Hmon Street.
A 1 Q MASON -NICELY FURNISHED,
iJO sunny. cumiortaLle rooms; also suitable
for light uousekeeping.
A* vAtl later siree;.
1 ftf^ft McALLI-TEK— SUNNY FURNISHED
X\JO\J room; double bed; eoiet: rent $6 montb.
. . Jim is 1 Slree..
3OA MINNA-NICE SUNNY FRONT ROOM;
t)U $5 per montb: prlvatt family. '
A 1 Q MINVA — FRONT ROOM AND KITCHEN
*J lv furijished for hon.seke<-pin(;. fir«t floor.
jOl MINNA, BET. FIFTH VND i^IXTH-
i')X Mci-ly furijished front 100 ms: $6 a month
and ud; hut and co.d wa.er 1 .v.ns. ■
ffl-H MINNA COR. KIGHTII— NKWLY FUR-
'J'i I nished bay Window ruoms: $1 a ueek.
' Aiiiision Street.
HANCOCK HOUSK, 7»l MISSION: PF.LECT
family rooming-house; .$1 50 to $'J per weeic
1 1 jM MK-BION. NF.AR SEVENTH—
II'JW fortable rviom: $3 and $4 a month.
Oak Street.
9.^7 OAK-^MALL FRONT ROOM; NEATLY
_ i-t I furnished; $4
Cictavl» Street.
I^AO OCTAVIA, CuK. GEARY-TWO CON-
I ttUO n'cttnic bay-window rooms or kitchen If
desired; $18. . t
O'Farrell Street.
I7')A O'FARRELL— ICELY FURNISHED
I *- 1 parlors: also single room.
olive Avenue.'
1 TO OLIVE AYE.. OFF POLK AND KLLIS—
Xxv Nice furnished sunny front room; rent
cheap.
-Faclnc Street.
GRAND OPENING SUNDAY NIGHT— NEW
VI Fr«nkltri Honae, 3.'1 Pacific — itooms fur-
nished or unfurninhi-d: day, week or mouth.
\i. PINELLI, Z. XII.M.LLI, A. DoNI>ELLI.
i'llie street.
/>9l PINE— ROOMS FOR GENTLEMEN;
\JtmtX aito use of kitchen for man and wife.
71 l\ -SUNNY , FRONT ALCOVE
1 lv 1 0111: suitable tor 2 gents or couple
Q 4-= PINE— LARGE FRONT ROOM; GAS
O'XO and bath.
I'ont Street.
1 r»l n POST— SUNNY COMPLETE FUR-
-IUJ.L) nlshea housekeeping room*: rent $15.
1 owell street.
99= POWELL ST., COR. GEARY: 1 LARGE,
—— ') sonny corner room; nicely furnisbeJ. -
\\i ILLISFORD — 21-^-214 POWELL— WLY
'» furnished ruoms..
C 1 (\ POWELL- 2 NICE bUNNY SINGLE
*JX\J rconis for gentlemen.
ttcoiul Street.
Q7 SECOND — WEBB HOUSE: ELEO\NT
Ol fnrnlsbed rooms. MRS. LINDSAY. Prop. 
p:9 SKCOND— DOLBLE R OMS.I'hK WEEK
U— *1 60 to $3; sinsle, $1 to $1 50; per day 25c
aud 50c. ■ .
1 1 F. SECOND— VICE SUNNY FRONT RMS.:
X i O $1 50 10 $2 60 per week.
Jiilh Streeu *
iqi BIXIH- SUNNY FRONT SUITE OF
It»a rooms: reasonable.
QQ PIXTH — QUIKT SUNNY ELEGANT
OO rooms: Ml conveniences; fireproof building.
"I 9.^ SIXTH — CHEAPEST IN THE CITY;
J 4d*J lurnished sunny front rooms. , •
9J9 >-IXTH-LAK«E front room, WITH
—J— fireplace; fb per montb. "
KOO3IS TO LET— Continued. ',.;";
Silver Street.
gO SILVER — LARGE SINGLE SUNNY
00 front room: reasonable.
fHl'lllh Mif«..
1 AC) SEVENTH ST., GIRARD HOUSE— ELE.
xrx^j gant furn. kitchen: also siugle rooms
Silver Street.
Ofk SILVER- THKEE LARGE SUNNY
01/ rooms upstairs, S3; three large rooms dowu-
stairs, 97.
Mockton roe..
rnnE European, 17 ptockton— fur-
X nlshed sutes from 8* to 910 a v.eetc; single
roonas, SI 0 to 93 a week; hot and <old water l»
every room: baths: transient speci.lly: tlev.-tor.
Sutter Street.
A^R SUTTER. NB, POWELL — HAND-
T-Ujon»y newly furnished litrht, sunny
rooms and offices; bath, central; reasonable; ap-
preciated If seen by doctor.
■ Taylor Street.
LAn TAYLOR — ,INGLE ROOMS; 91
XXJO mid«l as per week, i
Tenth Street.
I AQ TENTH— HAY-WINDOW SUN-
X\Ji? Ny room: running water: with bath: suit-
ablefor one or 1 « o gentlemen; $10 per month.
inrii Srree;.
1 7 THIRD (IMPEKUI) - NICELY FUR-
X I nlshed rooms: qulethouse; iourlsi« specialty:
transient.
I'q-J TH RD— NICE FURN SHKD FRONT
XOX room; suitable for g«-ntlem«n; $10 mouth.
Turk Street.
qi 0 TURK— BAY- WINDJW SUITE: NEW
*JX.\J furnl.ure; private tamlly: en suite or single.
ZA TUKK-SINGLE FRONT ROOM; GAS
c*T: > and bath: 95: private f.imly.
Valencl • Street
VALEXCIA-l LARGE SONNY FRONT
OOf ; room: suitable for 2.
Vallejo Street.
1 £11 V 'ALLEJO - LARGK FRONT . BAY-
J.UIJ. window room: furnished; suitable for 1
or 2 persons.
\ ku i\ C M av«uu»,
99R VAN NESS AVK.-SUITE OF ROOMS;
j >LU furnished; suitable for elJerly couple or 2
gentlemen; terms reasonable.
Ulll VAN NESS. COX. BCSH-SUNNY
I "I"-'- parlor suite, with private uath; telephone
3liscellnneou».
SW. COR. SIXTEENTH ST., NEAR MISSION:
branch office of Thk Call. subscriptions and
want ads lakt-n.
BOARDING AND ROO3IS.
SMALL. PRIVATE FAMILY RESIDING IN
O tue warm belt of the Mission. 15 minutes from
Ke»rny si., nave a areesunnv bay-window alcove
room handsomely furnished wh-ch the>- desire to
rent to gentleman and wife, witn board: also
sunny single room: terms reasonable. Address
a. B. C. box S3, Call.
Vi lliis, MltStktU A GOOD. RESPECTABLE
-» »- home for a married couple, with sma'l In-
cuoibrance; or. twj youni; ladii-s: 'urnished
rooms, w.ih or with >ut board to suit tenant. Ad-
dress a. 8., box 107, Call OlHie.
IfIRANCAIS PRIVATE FAMILY; OPPOR-
S: tunity to learn Freoch. R.R., box TO, this office.
A 1 9 EDDY— LOVELY, SUNNY ROOM FOR
.1 i _ 2 with board: S'JOeach: smaller room, «18.
TOfi VAN NESS AYE. — FIRST - CLAtS
I \J\) board and rooms; lowest price.
I I V/Jfl CALIFORNIA— ACCOMMODATION
I O£.\l for 3 youug men, with good board; terms
moderate.
997 OfcARY — NICI-LY FURNISHED RuOMS
; — — * en suite or siugle; tint-class table; excel-
-1 nt service.
71 9 POST-NICK SUNNY ROOM WITH
II- ooard, suitable for two young men. J
rpHE VHTORIA. NW. C R. CALIFORNIA
X anil Hyde — Newly furnished rooms: suite or
1 single; tirst-cla&s board: terms reasonable.
olf\ Bl SH-SUNNY FRONT ROOM AND
I Ol\J board in bpanlsh family.
j Qf\\ I.KAVKNWOKTH- UNNY CORNEK:
OVJX suites, single: excellent table; rates mod.
KA«J Van NESS AVK- — HANDSOME par-
«JV/— lor sunny suite: board optional.
A A SIXTH >T.-THK MANCHEsTEK; KLK-
t" gaut furnished sunny rooms; fine table board.
HOTKL B-RTLI.NO. 714 B SH-A FAMILY
hoi el: r^fi-rence^: a'l modern conveniences.
STORES TO LET.
i (>9' STORE 3 ROOMS: L GHT CELLAR.
tJ}£-O. 1 li.B Howard su. near Seveuth.
OOA UAYK»— I>A K r OF FINK SIORE FOR
I «J—V rent; suitable for millinery.
'_ 9Q PACIFIC, NEAR CORNKR OF SAN-
• — O some— Handsome large store: rent very
cheap.
A~\ fi FOI'RTH-SMALLSTORK WITH ROOM
■til) In rear: low rent. Apply to G. U. I'iltßKS
A CU., 14 Montgomery st.
BARBER-SHOP. WITH BATHS: ESTAB-
XJ llshed 16 yea 91S per month; key at 638
becond st.
1 arpenter-'bop; 97 per month, 6 Ie Boom »v;
key *t 539 se oud st.
P.urobing-sbop; 9<i per month. S De Boom St.:
key at 5; second «t. v
Lorn, r sore, 631 becond su; 914 per month;
key at 530 becond st.
AT i.OW NT— PARI' or' BToRK AND
ba-em-nu 324 Pos: St.
' OFFICES TO LET.
MODERN AJ HY CORNKR SCITK: SUIT-
Iu able professional or high-class trade. 410
Kearuy st.
ICAoMARKKT-.VKW, L R.K, bIIXKY
I t)\J front oIH e-rooms: a'l modern.
FOR SALE-aiISCKLLANEOUS.
ONE (iKMI.VK OID MABTEK VIoLIN
(Fn-n lininkp), 911 0 no i»-ss; < ver 100 year*
old. Apply at 40 Clay at., between 7aud lj o'clock.
L'UH SALK AT A SACRIFICE: sEWING
X machine a« good as. new; lime given. M. J.,
box 40, Ca.l Cflice.
ANDRE \vl? UPRIGHT FOI. DING-BED;
curly birch. GEO. H. FULLER DtsK Cu.,
640 Mission st.
LMtKSH J>l RHAM C<»W; THIRD CALF; 20
X quar;s rich milk: gentle. 1312 Folsom St.
©lA DOMESTIC MACHINE IN GOOD OR-
iS> > lf . der: all attachments. 2437 Mission st.,
near Tweuty-h'rst su
CARPENTER'S TOOL-CHEST; COST ♦12 5;-
-for bale cheap. 937 Mls-lo 1 st.
.TV7ICK .COUNTER AND WHKLVINvi COM-
I i-i plete for saloou use. 21 1% Ninth st.
fl>7' NKW3-CAN MILK WAi.ON. APPLY
<TIU. LA CHAPELLt. <t LOISELLE, 3401
Mission si
pHKAP CASH REGISTER. APPLY C'-H-
-TIN «fc BEALS, room 24, third floor, Mills
building, -sj^g—
TT'AMILY HORSE, I'U A E ON AND HAR-
X ucss for sale, cheap. 1212 Golden Gate aye.
THOKOUGHHRED HARFORD CuW: VERY
gentle: 14 quarts ■ day. 3.38 tucinal aye.,
Uign-st. stat.on. Alameda.
ST. BERNARD PUPS; PRIZE; PfcDUiRBE;
stock: sire, champion, Grand Mailer; ilam,
first prlao, Beauty; perfect color aud markings.
3UJ/4 Fulton si.
"VJ X W bLMWOuDUAXUKS ARE THE BEST.
-Li W. Sn RAY MFG. CO. 12 California su
B<'l LKK^,KNGI.\Ks,jD-H A Nl< MACHINERY
XI water-pipes. Mclntosh Wolpman. 137 Beale.
i AKS, BACK BARS. MIRRORS. SHOW-
*> cases, tnunters, linoleum, office furniture,
store and office furnltur' aud fixtures, new and
secondhand. J. ONA.N, 1017-101»-i0-'l-10a3
Mission su, above Sixth.
BAHS, SCALES. MIKROR-, FRENCH
ranges, etc., bought, sold. MfcEK, 1118 Mission.
VTATIONAL ,CAMH I.E'.lVltß, GOUb OR-
XI der; also Urge folding-door safe. 8 Mission at.
pOFFEE MILL. SCA LtfiS. LETTER * p"rESS,
V.- stand desK. money tl.i. safe: cheap. 102 Clay.
| % ARS, KHOWCAtSES. COUNTERS. SHELV-
J^-iDg, et«i, 1 ought ana sold. 1063 Mission. nr.7th.
O.NK SMALL Mr.iilUM AND LAK«<K-SlZii
tire and burglar proof safe. * 109-11 1 Market si
sewing MACHINES. ~
ewing 'machinks bought, sold
O rPiqwl and r pair-d. 14S Mxth w. »'
cottaoe FOR sale.-,
FOR SALE— (OTTAGE, 8 ROOMS, bath.
b sement. large yards, a bareatn, on good
terms, would ta*e lot: also a bouse, 3 rooms, tor
9760. Owner, box 47, Cull Office.
CHILDREN BOARDED.
MOTHER'S CARE: LIGHT SUNNY ROOMS;
wnoiesome food; ages 1 month up; low rates.
H. a., box 6v. Call Office.
O9QI SUTTER— WIDOW WITH QUIF.T.
KJmjOi comfonaolc home would like nlcj cbl.d
to board.
INFANT TO CARE FOR: PRIVATE HOME
X In contimment. M., 210V3 Clipper St., S. F. -
NGLISH WIDOW WOULD L XX 2 CHlL-
d.en to board: tbe best of care. 217 Eighth.
I>EFI»KD LAIiY WOULD LIKK ONE OR
xt two chl.dren to board: terms r^tsonable. Ad-
dreta (■., b ix 10. Call office. Oaklana.
ATTORNEYS-AT-LAW.
ADVICK FREE: DIVOKCE LAWS A SPEC-
laity: private; no fee without success: probate,
insolvency, wills collections, bills of sale, deeds,
damages, etc.;piivate deteriivvi: esUb. I>J years.
G.;W. iiOWK. 850 .\l arket st. icruer -tockton »t.
ADVICK FKKK: NOCHAKGE UNLK>SSUC-
c»ssfuI. W. W. DAVIU.-ON. 927 Market s:.
KW. KlN(i, ATTORNEY-^ T-LAW, CHRON-
. icle bu.ld.og; advice fiee: lowfe s: all cases.
DVICE FREE; Mil CHARGK UNLKSS SUC-
cessfu . J. G. JEFFR S.S. 632 Mnrket, rm.a3.
PHOTOGRAPHERS SUPPLIES.
pHOTAKE CAMERA 2x2, LAMP, C8.k.M.1-
X c-ild, paper and 6 plaies, 52 50. Callforula
Camera Co., 22 Ofary st.
HOTELS.
BROOKLYN HOTKL, 208-JIJ BUSh" BIC
XJ board and room 91 to *2 per day. J6 to $ia
per week; choice rooms 50 cents to 91: suita
ioon.s for family $1 to *1 50 per night: Urst-class
tervice: free coacb. CHAHLKs MONTGOMKRY
Expianntion.
:
'
The arrow fliet with th» wind. Tho top flgnrw
• t station indica c maximum t<>nip<>raTur» for the
days; those underneath It. If any, the amount of
rainfall, of melted snow In inches and hundredtbs,
during the past twelve hours. Isobars, or solid
lines, connect pom s of equal air pressure; iso
therm*, or dotted lines, equal temperature. The
word "bieh" means hlsrh barometric pressure and
is usually accompanied by fair weather: "low"
refers to low pressure, and is usually preceded
and accompanied by cloudy weather and rain*.
"Lows us. ally first appear on the W'Hshlncton
coast, When the pressure Is high In the interior
and low along the coast, and the Isobars extend
north and south alone the coa>t. rain Is probable:
but when the "low is inclosed with isobars of
marked curvature, rain south or Oregon is improb
able. With a "hlt;h" In the vicinity of Idaho, and
the pressure falling to the California coast, warmer
weather may be expected in summer and colder
weather In winter, The reverse of these, condition*
•oil produce an opposite result.
WKATHKR I>ITR .U REPORT.
T'nitep States Departukvt of Aobiccl/-
TURK, Wkather Burkau, San Francisco, Feb.
B, .897. SP. v. Weather conditions and general
forecast :
1 he following are the seasonal rainfalls to date
compared with ihotf of the same dale last sea
son and rainfall during the pas: twenty-four hour*:
Eunk», missing, last season 24.73. post -4
hour* : HeJ liluff 17.84. last season 13.83, past
24 hours .00: San Fruucisco 16.35. las son
32.42, pas '.'4 hours 01; .Fresno 7 57, lail season
4.09. past 14 hours .00: -nn Luis his no 14.69.
Ml season 12.25. pas. .4 noun, .00: Los Angeles
11.01, last reason 6.9 , past -.'4 hours .00; San
Diego 7.25. test season 4 44, past 24 hours .00;
Yunia 4.66, lust season. 46, Pi.si -4 lours .00.
San Francisco data— Maximum tempera. tire 55,
minimum 49 mean b-.
A uother low area appears to-night off the roast
of WHshinKion. During the past .twelve. hours
there lias neon a sllsbt all In pressure a ong the
iomt nt ure^on and Northern Vt\ ltorala. Kaiu is
fall in at l-ort «an by and 'i atoosh and ■
1 h>- temperature has remaint-d stationary over
the entire country west of the Rot-Icy Mount in*.
A n.axlmuDi wind velocity of thlrt^-six miles
per hour from the toutheasl la leported from >ort
Canby.
While thrre has been a general olearln? of the
skies In California there is a me likelihood cf a
rap d Increase In cloudl m. '..' . ... •.
l-orrCiist made at San Francisco for 30 hours
en ling midnight. February 7, 1897.
Northern California — Cloudy Sunday and prob
ably s:.o\ver* in northern portions; fresh south
westerly winds.
Southern California— Fair Sunday; light west
erly winds.
.Nevada— Fair Sunday.
Utah — "-bowers enr.y Sunday morning; probably
fair Sunday.
Arizona — Cloudy Sunday. ■;,•
San Francisco ana vicinity— Cloudy Sunday;
fresh westerly winds. ~, ,• •, :;'.'•
RIVBRB
The foiiowinj; repor;s were received at 5 p. m.
to-da/: colu-R. •_•(> not. a rise of .1: I.ed bluff.
18.8 feet, and fallinc: tsacranfiito, 23.6 feet, a
rise of 1.2 feet; ban Joaqulu bridge. 15.9 feet, a
rise of .6 of a. foot; Marys 15.6 feet, and fall
ing; ) o som, 16.9 fee , a tall of .VI feet. ,
Ai f.xanhkk Me DTK, Local Forec«st Ofllclal.
LAIESI BUU'I'IMU IM'bLLiUt.Vlill..
Arrived.
SATURDAY. February ft.
Stmr Arcata. Cousins. H 0 oours from Coos Bay;
pass and mdae, 10 U C «fc N Co.
Uoinestio Port*.' ' '
PORT LOS ANUELES-Arrive.l Feb 6-Stmr
Mliveoia. from Comoz. i ' .* * , -
s«i!ert Feb — .-». m Alca:raz, for San Fraucisco.
CASPAK-Salled Feb 6 — aiuir Caspar, lor baa
Pedru. -
TACOMA— Arrived Feb 6— Schr Zampa, from
tnnniaj
Foreign Portn.
•tJOLON— Ballea Feb itmr Valencia, for New
York.
LIVERPOOL- Arrived Feb 6-Brahlp Brcnda,
hfii c -epi 16
--sr VIXCK.ST— P»«ed Jan 28— Norstmr Guern
sey, hence Nov 26. for Antwerp. s
liniinrUUtu.
COOH BAY— Arcata— 2 pkgs express. 4 bdls
flannels, 1 1 rolls leather. ill) bdls tildes. 1 Odl pelU,
•i bdls blauke.s. V£ cdi wood. HO ions coal.
Per Arcata— J C Johnson <t Co; Standard Oil Co:
Wells. Fargo* Co; iiandoa Woolen-mills: W B
Sunnier & « o.
SIAKIUAGK uonsn
The following; marrtagp licenses have been
Issued by the County Clerk's office: •
James Moffait ami Alice Wynne. 38—21.
Jacob S| verm i:ina:id Auuje l.oh»n. 28— 20.
John Tait and ivuma W. Knurr. 31— J.
Charles J. t'ox and Susie V. staples 61— 40.
Francis Do'.nu anl Margaret McHugh. 35—82.
Archer (". Benn »n I t^mce K. Ijincer<«, Hl— 21.
BUii ll& — MAK&iA«I& — vtuiTilai,
. . '— —^— . \. .... .
[Birth, marnaee aa4 death notices sent by mall ■
will not be Inserted. They ram: be banded la a;
either of the publication office* and be Indorjal
with the name aiiJ residence of penoiu*iituortxeJ
lo have me name published. J
KOK.X.
ARVIDBON— In-tbU city. February 6, 1897, to the
wlte of A. Arvidsju, a son.
CASTILLO-In ttali city, February 5, 1897, to the
wife of Leo Ai. Castillo. » ion.
COHN — in ibl^ city. January 12, 1897, to the wife
oi Herman oiin. a daughter.
CHKNWICK-In this cltv, January 31, 1897, to
tuu wira vi Ike Uheuwlck. a son.
DTJItNKV-In tins city. January 31. 1897. to the
.wtieof Paul 1.. lJurney. a son. . . .
HALEY— 30, 1897, to the wife of CbrU
Haley, a Uauxiu'or. . _ ;
HOLUEN— In Alameda. Faoruary a, 1897. to the
wife of Er«s n< Uolden, a son.
KALJSTKOM— In (Seattle, January 2, 1897, to the
wife of Churles K. Kal«nrora, adauehter.
I,A»'K-In this cltv. February 6, 1897, to the wife
of Koicoe K. Lane, a sou. •- ■
LOVKLL-In thUclty. January 27,1897, to the
. wife of C. W. Loveil, a dau.-bter. . r
. . ■ v
I.USK— this city. February 4. 1897, to the wif«
of Albert M. Lus.», a sou. 118
LYNCH— January -'9. 1897, to the wife of p
Lynch, ason. •
McGAXJf— In this City. January 27, 18)7, to the
wife of Frank P. McGann. ason. ■
McKINNON— In <hH cltr. Djcember 4,1896 to
the wife or Ku*sell E. McKinnon, ason.
MATTHIES-February 6, 1897, to the wlieof H.
Matthies. a daujn;er.
KASMUSSEN— In this city. Februiry 2, 1837. to
the wife of Captain Wluiaui A. Kasmusjeu, a
daughter.
RHOOr^S— In thi» city, December '2s, 1896, to the
•Aiieor Ai k. Khoiea, son. •
WEIR-In Alaruedi. February 5. 1897. to the
wife of John C-W«tr. h <»'r '
HERGET— NRALOV— In tnls dt7. January 27-
-1897. at St. I'atriclv'-i Church, by the Key. Father
Quinn, gus A. H.-rget and Nonie W. Nealon,
bjtliot Sau r'riitiu. »ci>.
McDJNALD— hPF.LLMAN— In thl* city. Febru-
ary 8. 16!t7, at hi. Mar/ 's Cathedral, by the Key.
Father P<vndergast, Miciae McPoi*ld ana
Ka'e spe Im in. iio:li n Nan r'rinc jci :
XJXtili.
Arnest, Edwin F. - Kellr, Patrick
Balm. Paiillnu Kuld. Neili •
Cotter. CoruellDs Llnl, Mrs. Felicia
Douglass. Mr*. N. 8. 1 u.sk if.mt)
ElciDaum Madeline Lynch, . 0.-et a
kvans. Litzle Mcfuiskey, Elizabeth
Gillian. Charl«s E. McKianon. William J.
Golasmith. Kosina Mar.iv. Mary
'•oruez. Jonn MichalltschlCß, Louisa
Greaves, Henry Molk. John H.
1 Green, Mary Pierce, James P.
Harris. Waiter Sbedd, H-nrv P. ■ ; ■ j
Henshaw, Mary E. Wmllhur3t. William
Hermann, Florentine Upton. lattnewG.
Hlnc^iey. Frederick W. hashen, Adolph
Jor^ensen, Nl oi Wind, N<?l< i
Kehoe, Uiorce W. . Winiiley, Philip W.
APNEST-In Oakland, February 5. 1897. Ed«ln
Fraaic. only son of E. L. and Carrie Arnest, a
native ot Oaklaud, CaU, aged 2 years and 5
m»'iths.
KS" Friends and acquaintances are resp'Ct-
fuuy invited to attend tne funeral THIS DAY
(Sunday), from the family residence Grant
! avenue, near Telegraph, Interuiem Mountain
View Cemetery.
, BALM— In this city, February 6. 1897, Paulina,
I oelove.l wife or Morttz tiaim, and sister of Kosa,
I Samuel and David Bdrnjiein, a native of Mliau,
Kurland.
CiT* Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fiilly Invited to attend the tuneral TO-MOKKOW
(Monday), at 10 o'clock a. m.. from ncr late reii-
dence, 17**5 Ellis siret-.. Interment Hcim^of
Peace Cemetery, by train leaving Third and
Townsend streets at 11:30 o'clock a. m.
COTI'EK-ln Virginia City, tebruary 6, 1837.
Cornelius, bek>v*;l husband of the late Mary
Cotter, father of Mrs. Lianiel and Mrs. Michael
Sullivan of Vlr<inla City and Mr*. Richard Cor-
nell, and brother of Jtremiah Cotter, a native ot
Bantry, County CorK. Ireland.
DOUGLASS— In this cltv. February 5. 1897. Mrs.
Nancy S. Douglass, a native ot Ohio, aged . 79
years f t-.astera uapers please copy.]
JO"Fnends and acquaintances are respect- '
ful I Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY.
(Sunday), at 2 • o'clock p.m., trom West side
Christitn Church. Bush street, between Scott
and iJevlsa<lero. luteroient Cypress Lawn
Cemetery, by special' train leaving Third and
Townsend streets at 3:45 o'clock p. m.
EICHBAUM— In this city. February 6, 1897,
Madeline, beloved daughter of William P. and
Clara V. Eichnaum. a native of Brooklyn, a-ed
15 years and 1 month. '
EVANS— [ n this city, February 6, 1897. Lizzie
Kvam. a native if Enjrland. a?ed 67 years.
OILMAN— In this cltr, Februirv 4. 1897. at St.
Luke's Hospital. Charles E. Giiman. brother of
B. F. Gllmau, a native of Lowell, Mass , aced 6.s
years 9 mouths ani 12 da> s. Lowe 1 (Mass.)
pap»ri copy. ]
Friends and acquaintances and comrades
, of Uaifl«*d I'oiL No. Si. G. A. i..,h.-i<l auxiliary
asioc:a ions arc resprccfullv Invited to ntten I
the funeral THIS DAY (Sunday), at 2 o'clock
P M-. from Alcazar building. Interment, Na-
tio.iai Cemetery. Keraains .at the parlors ot
A. \V. Martin & Co.. 118 Gear • street.
GOLDSMITH— In this ci y, Fehruary 4. 1897,
ltuslna lio.dsmiih. b-loved mother of Mrs. J. L.
Cerf an'l Mosea, Lewis a id Heleu GoldsuJlh, a
native of France, aced o7 years.
B3"Fr:ends aro rp«i>ectfullv Invitei to attend
the funeral THIS DAY (Sunday), at 10:30
o'clock a M , from the paror* of Hais'.ed & Co .
946 a baton strest. . lnt«rment Home of Peace
Cemetery, by .1:30 o'clock a. m. train from
Third and Townseud streets.
GO .i KZ-In this city. Feoruarv 5. 18P7. John R.,
beloved son or J. X- and Catherine Gomez, and
biother or Bo.sa L. Gomez, a ua.ive of Monterey,
u<ea 25 years. | Mon:erey and bauta Cruz
pat>ers ulease copy.J
SS~ Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral 'lIIIS DAY
(Sunday), at 8 ao o'clock a. m.. from the par-
lors of J. L Godeau. 305 Montgomery avenue,
luen to the Church of Nu.-sira -enora de
Gu&dalupe, where a high requiem mass will ba
celebrated lor the repose ot nis tout, common:-
ing at 9 o'clock a. m. Interment Holy Cross
cemetery.
GREAVES— In thl» city, February 6, 1897,
Henry, dearly belovel bushanl of Sara.i
Greaves, and lather of Harry, Ed Alice, Eva
Greaves aud Mrs. W. L. S.one, a uu.i ye of Liv-
erpool, England, aged Sb >eara 4 months and 41
•lay-i. [Liverpool and Belfast papers please
copv.| .""..-■ ■
1 B »-The funeral will take Dlace TO-MORROW
(Monday), at 8:30 o'clock a. m.. from the par-
lors of Char.ej J. B. Metzier, 636 Washin^toa
sir et. thence to St. Mary's Church, fornia
and Dupont streets, where a high mass will oe
sail at 1 o'clocK a. m. .sharp, tor the tepos« or
bis soul. " Interment Uoly Cross Ceineter>\
GRKEN— In ihis cltv. t'ebruarr 6, 1897, Mary
Green, a native of Swl z»rlaud. a;;e 1 63 year*.
HAKIUS— Li this city February 3.1837. Waltrr,
oelnvet eon ot in or«e anj t arrie Harris, aud
brother of Georue. 1 arrie and Grade Harris, a
native of San ran Cisco, aged 14 years anJ 14
days.
jO'Friends and acquaintances are resDect-
ful y invited to attemi .he luueral THIS DAY
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock p. m.. from the resi-
dence or the parents, 2913 Twenty-third str«-er,
between Florida aud Harruou. Interment
J. O. O. F. Cemetery. ' ,
HENS. 1 AW— fn Oakland, Fobruary 5, 1897
i Mary hd wards, beloved dauifhterot E. T and
i May R. Hensbaw. a native of Oakland, aged 17
y<-urt and 7 mon.hs.
JSiff-The funeral will laice place TIII3 DAY
(Suuday). at 1 o'clock p. m.. from tho resi-
deuCd ot the parents, 9 74slx.e«nth street, Oak-
luud. Interment private. ;
HEKMASN— Ia Oakland. February 5, 1897,
Florentine, r -lict of the late Phillip Hermann,
and oeloved mother of Mrs. Albert Kayser Airs.
Fred >ctu(-(<r, Mr*. William Wank wslcl and
Mrs. Henry Kaiser, a native of Herstelle-on-thu-
Weier, Germany, agei 75 years 3 months aud
27dav*.
. Friends ' and acquaintances ' are respect-
fully 1 ivited to en 1 i he funeral THIS ijaY
'(Sunday), at 2 o'clock p. m . from the residence
of William Waukows*!. 2i*2 7V^ Jackson street,
ban Francisco. In ermenl J. v. O. r. Cejie:erv.
HINCK. EY— ln Portland. Or., Frederick W., be-
. loved husuaud of Florence B. Hinc^ley, and son
of D. ■>. ritnckley. a native 01 California, aged
26 years 4 muutus »ul 24 Jays.
JOUGEN^EN— In this city, February 4. 1897,
Ntles. beloved husband of Joseph lne Jor^enseii,
and broilier 01 Mrs. H. Uansenof Saratoga, Ca..,
and -Mrs. J. 1* ulseu pr Paso Kooles. Cm., a Da-
tive of Germany, aged 34 years 7 months and
6 days.
J63~Friends and acquaintance* are respect-
fully invited to attend .he funeral Tills UAY
(Sunday), at I' 2 o'clock m.. from his late resl-
niiiim .5 Map.c conn, off Fourteenth street,
between Guerrero aud Dolores, tnence by elec-
tric funeral-car leaving corner of Guerrero
Fourti-entn streets at 12:30 o'clock p. m. sharp
foi Cypr.'ss Lawn Cemetery, wnere tne funeral
services will be held at 1:16 o'clock p. m. at tue
cnapel.
KEHOE— In this cltv. February 3. 1897. George
W. youngest and beloved son of Mari;are*. J.
and the .ate loun W. Kehoe. brother ot May,
Martin, John. Cecelia an I Thomas Keboe. anJ
nephew or M. F. Kelly. j. Powera. J. F. Kehoe
and D. J. and J. -F. Lally, aged 5 years aud 8
months.
&if Friends and acquaintances are resDect-
ful y invileu to atten.i the funeial THIS DAY
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock p. m.. from the home of
bis motner. 3535 sevente-utli a.reet. near Guer-
rero. Interment Mount Calv r/ cemetery.
X kLLY- In this city. Februnry 5, 1897, Patrick,
beiove 1 brother of Jan • Kelley, a" na.ive or Ax-
. m»eh, County Armagn. Ireland, agea 74 years.
jO"Ki lends and acquaintances are respec.-
fuiiy nvited toat end the funeral TOMORROW
(Monday), at 8:30 o'clock a. m., from his late
r- siJe.-i f. 11/ Twenty- eiirnth htreut, thenue to
St. Paul's Churcn, Twenty-ninth and Churcu
streets, where a requiem hii;h mass will be cele-
brated lor the repose of his soul, commencing
&t 9 o'clock a. l( interment Holy Cros* Ceme-
tery, by 10:50 o'clock a. m. train from Tweniy-
flfth aud Va;eiiCia s.r.-eis. ■
KIDD— In Lea ville. Colo., January 29, 1837.
Nollie. wife of William J. Kidl. ageJ 34 years.
LlNl>— C or F. — Officers and members of Twin
Peaxs C.rcie No. 102, C. of F. You are hereby
notified to attend the funeral of uur late com-
panion, Mrd. 1-eiicla Lina. uy order of.
MK>. K. MOSBY, G C.
Miss Crawford, Fin. Sec.
LUSk— in ihi3 city. February 4, 1897, Infant son
of Alber: M. ana Alice Lusk.
LYNCH— In this cltv. Februarr 6. 1897, Loretta,
beloved youn«es: dauKhterof John J.ani
Jennie Lynch, a native of sau Francisco, aged 2
yeiir* 1 nioriib and 17 days.
nSTFriendi and acquaintances are respect-
fully i ivltad tuaiteud tne funeral TO-JIOKHOW
(Monday), at 2 o'clock p. m.. from the resi-
oence ot the parent*. 077 Clementina atteitc.
luu'iiueu. Mount Calvary Cemetery. . ..\
McCLUSKEY— Ia this city. FeDruarr 4, 1897.
Elizabeth, beloved wife of Dennis McCluskey.
and mother of Susie, ..ohn. James and Edward
Mcciusker ana Mrs. John T. Fitzgerald, a na-
tive of county CorK, Ireland.
- Friends aud acquaintances ara respect-
fully l;ivuel to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Sunday), at 8:30 o'clock a. m., from her late
residence, \)'2f> Dolores street, the.ic- to St.
James Church, Tweuiy-t.iird and Guerrero
- streets, where a requiem high mass will oe
celebrated for tha repose of her soul, commenc-
ing at 9 o'ciock a. M. Interment iloiy Lioss
Cemetery.
McKLNXON- In this city, January 23.1897, Wll-
11am Joseph, belo ed son of Bussell E. and
..Mary Me kiiiuou. a native of San Francisco. ageJ
■ 1 month and 19 days.
MAKTIN— In this city, February 6,1897, Mary
y Martin, a native of Galway, Ire.aua, agea 76
J'f»ri, . ■  . .
'. «S"Ths funeral will taice Diace TO-MORROW
(Mouday), at 9:^o o'clock a. m., trom the resi-
dfiueof nu »rother-in-law, James Jo cc. 1114
Powell street, ibence to .-st. -Mary's Church,
ncr Dupont California stree s.wn<-re<i solemn
requiem hwh rmt-s will *c celebrated for the
repose of her soul, commencing 4 at 10 o'clock
a.m. Interraeni Mount Calvary Cemetery; ■ •
MICHALITSCHKt-lu this city, FeOruary 6
1837. Louisa, Mond wife of Anton Mlohal-
itsohke, and mother of Mrs. E. F. GutscHow and .
Alma Mlciialltschl^e. a native of Nc-uwkifcneii.
Switzerland, aged 49 years B'moutns and la
davi .
B3- Friends an J ncqnalntanc^ ara r ' s P l^,'.
''>■ invited toatt»nd he fnnera -TO-MORROW-'
(Monday), at 9 o'clock a. M. from her late re*l- I
dence. aio.- Uatltonu* »ii-eeu: the iica io s>t. x
Mary's Cathedral. Vu i Xf« ave:«ue. where -'W&-
niKti mass will be celebrated for -he repose of ncr T
' OUI commencing at y:3O o'clock a. m. aiinrp. I
interment Hoi* Cross Ceme.ery.
aiOLK-in Alamedii, February 3. 1597 John,
"er-ry, dearly oeloved son of Mrs. Marga eit»
aid the late Jonn uenr,- Mollc, and orJ.aei- o!
„, ■ Annie To l. a nal ye of =>M\ l-'MdClsco. ageJ
" Vw- 1 * moi^hs and 12 days.
fu^n r "' I '! 1 ail<l *can*lntances are respect-
°und«! letf lo atteild ">« »unral Till-* WV
re^^ r)l H ' 10 "'clock a. m.. from hi. Intu
stree?* n >Corner Nt " Carles aid Sa . An.onio
h- i->« r , c - ucla al station. Alameda. thence
Ma»o. eek k OH t0 Nhilv - -ons' Hall. 414
o'clock vxf ■ . ere » e " 'CB, will be hrld at 1 : 15
to?OE l Se m I «^ > N ? ° W " «MV—«
P 6 Ef i 897~ A jame S T d! ;" Cc ln A'-^eda, February
L,»rrhlXll 7 \ y V^- 'ormony of Sauta
H FU , ner l . anUlntermeui wiu be private.
i;r^copTr lhsa " a 10
*S-Fiiends of deceased respectfon* invited
to Htieua.au tuneral 10-.,,,, k.iVJ I uo.idiivi
at io o'clock a. m., Jrom BlmpTon \lemor 2i
Church, corner . uchanaa and Hayes s^eett
Interment, Cypress Lawn Cemetery via li^vui
o'clock a. U ' train irom Third ttU<i ' Townsend
streets.
SMITHURST— In this city, Febraarv 9 irq 7
William, husband of Eliza Smit hurst, an<i
brother of Mrs. J. Nortou. a native of Manrh»>.
trr. England. a^e.l 5S years. ±iancnes-
UPION— In Berkeley, February 5. 1897 Matth?w
uilb-rt Upton, a u^tive ot Ireland, a^ed year*
. t months aud rf days.
VERHAGHEN— In this city, February 5, 1817
Adolph, deony beloved husban<i or Pauline Ver-
nashen, and father of George. Jcanette aud Ma-
thilda Verha.hen, a native of Belgium, aged 4f>
vi-ars 8 nvnths and 8 days. A member of Pa-
ciric council No. 8, O. C. F. fHoaokeu aaa New
York papers please copy.]
riends and acquaintances are rosn->-t-
-full ■ invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clocic p.m.. from his iat->
res:dence, 2.i2 .'ore street, thence to St. Joseph's
Ch urch for services, com mencin g at " o'ciocit p.m.
lu.ermeui. 1. O. O. F. Cemetery.
WIND-In Sausallto, February 4, 1897, >'els
Wind, a native of Germany, aged ib years and
1 month. v
83TThe funerat will take nlscq THIS n.VT V
(Suuday), at 1 o'clock p. M., from the family 1
residence at Sausalttu. Friends will please J
accept this intimation. /
WINKLEY-In .his city. February 4, 1897, i
Philip W. Winkley, a native cf Baden, Ger-
many, aged 63 years and 10 months.
ff9"Friends and acqualntauces and memberso?
• the, Teanis.ers' Union mid tha >ud>ieuischer
Vervln are respect. uily invite 1 to attend thj
tuneral THIS D \ (Sunday), at 2 o'clock p. m..
from the loliieroom of Burns Lodse No. (58,
A. O. U. W.. Alcazar bui.d ng, O'jj'arr.ll street.
Interment Masonic Cemetery. ...,.."
IN MEMORY OF MRS. CATHERIKK BACOU&
Dearest wife, thou has .en me,
Atid your loss I deeph- feel,
But 'tis God that has bereft me—
He can all our sorrows heal.
Yet. again I hope to meet thee.
When my da.- of life is fled;
Wheu In ui*aven wl h joy I'll greet the*.
Where no farewell tear is shed.
'" ; V- From II kr Hcsbakd.
VO Y~*~CA L A CHEt^ T
FONKRAL DIRECTORS 4 EBIBALMKRS,
SO lTlftb St., Opp. Lincoln School.
Telephone 3080.
JAO^iITMIC??OM I KY7~ >^~™™*cTlAB^rclirKsoMi£Y.
JA9IKS' McMENOMKK Jfe SOX,
UUIJJiKtAKtKS ANl> KMBALiIKRS, I
lOj." in»»ion Street, K«M bovviiiu.
leluphuue &outh iii>-i. I
JAS. ENGLISH. T. B. CABK.V
CAREW ENGLISH,
L.XDERTAKER3 AND ITMTI A IiM K
FUNEUAL DIKKCXOKS,
JPVan Kess avc, near -uur^et in., ssiwi e'rancli-j
Telephone . ao. 15&
F. L. GUNTZ. H. W. GANTNEB,
QANTN2R & QUNTZ,
Funeral Directors and Embaim=rs.
8 and IO CITY HALL SyUAIIE.
Telephone South 432. i'SsSSI
LAUREL HILL
CEMETERY ASSOCIATIOJ
18 PREPARED TO CONTINUE THE SALJS
J. of burial pats and graves in Us cemetery anl
give deeds.
I'erpeiual earn of lots will he arranged for at tha '
Superintendent's olHcj nt the cemt-tf-ry. corner /
Bush street and Central avenue, san Fran<
MOUNT OLIVET CEMETERy,
SAN MATEO COUNTY: NKAKKST CE1I&
tery to the city ; non-sectarian ; ia no seaja ex-
clusive; location unexcelled. Ullj«.m vvi Mix*.*
«treet. itoutneaat coruer o- tiixtu.
HOTEL AEEIVALS.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
J W Tob!n. Chicago R H Hondy. Cal
W A MlunerAw, Kan R Fenict), C«l
C C Finch, Cal . ;\V Ganden, Col
C H Root, buck, Chicago H h. Sawjer, t. hicagn
T Gear, Cnlca-^o I C RevnoMs. Olvmnia
HAud, China o W J McParland. Shasta
S P T«vls, Merced W A Damminc Ukiah
R J Cox, Cal J smith A w. Kern Ci.y
J O'l onnWL Ii ADgeles Jnnnson, Benicla
T M urray, stoc ktou J Lvavuts, i-os Angeles
G M< i an. l. 5 V W Mortou, Ookland
J l.ogan, Mexico W Thomas Ft sm.tb.
«i McGrewry. Dixon .. G 1 1 to, Monterey
Hiss s Dillon, Boston L : '
. Lli X HOUSE.
W N Runvon, Courtland D Henderson A wf.Cat
J 11 über, Cal Rev i Rogers, Marin
X J jMlloy, Los Angeles G W Bragg, Sacto
T C White, Fresno ABC owan A wf, S Rosa
Mrs F Levy A son. Cal X X Cobb, Chicago
Ge.rge B Moore. Chi ago H J Babte, Chicago
W W Williams, Ch.cago X H Carpenter, Chicago
M L Graff, Los An^eies W G Krss, Visalla
M I. D:iver A wf s Jose LCerf. Visalia
G L. Wilsey A wf, Wis E rte F Parnett, St Paul
M iss Gates, San Rafael R Hule & wf.Wheatlaiul
Mis* A M Shaw. Ca! M N Wedsler & wf. Cal
li X Cinrk, Sia Barbara Miss B X Clark. Sta Barb
Miss E Jenuinxs. Cal Oscar Koyce, Mia Bsrb
BALDWIN HOTEL.
F X Brown, Toledo R \V Foster. NY
W G Thompson, apa L 1 arris Aw, Sacto
A v l.ansoin. I'orilund W'i Sanborn, Oakland
s F Kk«ts, Cal J X Bak>r<fc \v, Alamed»
T B Pritchard, Sansalito F J Browo«y <fe w, suisua
A X Dowdell. st Helena I) Macbnelo, berieiey
X Grafmu.ler, NY M M Winans, Sacco*
J Simpson ct w, Astoria \V I) Davis, X V
J Cooic. .\ V M C Harrison. Portland
D Sullivan Jr fm, Cal G Richardson &w, Oakld
J J J 0.-cc, ttH Barbara T R Devlin, Vallejo
0 R Gieason, -N V O T Yog c, Ukiab. ■
JII M»r:in &w, I'ortld Z o Field, San Jose
D H shield, sta Clara X T Breen, Salinas
GRAND HOTEL.
H rasey, Sacramento J Burke, Pan Rnfael
C PentletOD, 6au Kafael D llealy," Sacraruento
X Frost, Sacramento Ji Smith \v. Oak land '
G tiebel, Vallejo W Henderson, JactnonT I
i' i-a.' <S w, Jaiksonvllle A Stanford .\ V 1
E Russell & w, X \ H Kimball & w, X V "m
T Hey^r & W, N V G Olive, Carson < J V
V ahrook, I'iO Alto T Wicker, Norfolk ;^»
Mrs .Wicker, Noriolk S James, traliuai
Miss i-oud, Los Angeles Mrs Hood, Los An"elea
F Richards, Coiusa C La- c, Keno
E Barr Auburn M s Hollands. N OrlP&ns
W Dwyer. >acramento W Hudso . <fe w, Wasonv
F \Vet,ber, Port.and Mrs(^rt»T&f, >»cio
H Hill, Mich can , G Orcutiani; Jowa
J Fran Im w. An J A Bash, Arizona •
F Bachman A \v, Indian G Gnzier «t w, to.toa '
EGerber, anMateo H Meptn-ns. l-.xeier
F -^lorit Aw. Stockton J Damons N V
F B rilett, Liv rtaore ' J Brow.. &w, San Jose
C Kdgerton. Los AngeJesD Morrlsou, Los An;
W D Uur ingham. Los A H Fiecman, ban Jose
H MoNiehol. <Ar:z'>nA . a Lennun.^an a Kosa
H Vlier.iug A w, Loj Ga li Cobb, Cal :
N H».riuou, San Diejco F Shf ffie d, Spokane
PALACE HOTEL.
C R Simpkins, Boston J C Clny. Portland
Miss J swMgert, bn Jose T P Owens, Montreal
Mis. -wei crt, v Jose LC GI Man, Spoicatie
T P Spiers, s«j, Jose C 11 Jorflu:., stanfoid
S H Miowlnger. Chicago S W >u-m»-id, Spokane
M A arren, Lii-culu H LUienthal. > V
N Bowden, sen J.we . R D hoLbins Jr, Suisnn
H C Moor«, San Jo^e . AG l.ohl:ison, Lonisvillo
H J Edwards, tan Jose G B I obbin-. Chicago
J T Luce. Au«e!s Camp A R Urion, Chicago
J Coon Pi-, Merced R Grubaiu, LOi Augelet
E H H <..ffrey. . CEke, N V -
T S Buikt, V G \V C'Bner. Geneva
D W JUll. < hlcajjo - G N llu.chlnson, Ohio
Lleui-Gov Jeter, S Cruz UCP.rkliis. liodeo
t;.K liuniie. San Jose E C Laugftrd, Hamp
F M Buchman A w.Minn H H Lakuow A w, N V
R Howeli. San Maten J F U'Knnla, Keno
Miss (Gibson, Stanford G Gibson, Stanfpid
J H HoliuiidAw.N onens F F iu\yer. tu raruento
BUSS HOUSE. . - * ... ■
X Husktnson Aw. 11l H H smith A w, Wash
P Burnnam, Boston L W Thomas. Oiilo
»Fuiile,.Nj v; X P Schwab, Minn
W P Mariner, Dunsmnir H Xlel. Or
P R Davis. Santa Kosa T M Giln:ore, Santa flosa
<'«.) Sell man, bauta Kosa H P Grenioger,'.\ewball
JH Jones, Or ■ F D ishepbensoa, L Ang •
W J |fr mory. Los Ang W E Kicuar.l-.on. ial - a
W Walsh, Mas* «*M W 1. Moore. Lkiah
J D Wads^orth, S Rosa S J Allen, Sania Rosa • ,'■- . \
X J Moas. Eureica G X Pr*-scott A w.Seattla I
S V» Henry. Fresno 11 S Mcc.uitr. s.iK)»aue
X Garvey, ban.a Rosa E Rose c, .N V ' -
J1) Whalen. Pleaaanton F. B Kearney A w Barb
1) Elmer, .-naatu P Johi.sn <k w,Xe»n,»n
E a Freuzel. l-owler G Bfiihrd, Oakland
J Jones, jbelniom M X Codd <k w ij.i
W Jm.i s, oacto L H Wn.i,. Cal'
Mr. Bevar. Or > - V o'Conneli. Mont
M M Creay. pokane ' . . P Healey, Eur. a
BS Ll.tie. KureKU *- H Craig, Lo i Gatoa
\V II Retvs, h ureka o Davlso;j, NY ■
FHunihwali, Kiverside Mrs Williams \«TMUNHALL PLANS
A HUGE PARADE
Pastors, Police and Thou
sands of Young People
Will Take Part.
The Evangelist Evea Suggests
That Fireworks Caa Bs Mads
a Power for Gooi
Next Friday Evening Oakland Will
Witness a Great Religious
Revival.
Oakland Offick San Francisco Call*
f*OS Broadway, Feb. 6. j
Evangelist Munhall will give notice from
EVANGELIST MUNHALL, Who Has Planned a Novel Religious
Parade for Next Friday N:ght.
tbe pulpit to-morrow of a scheme which
he has devised which will no doubt cause
much surprise to the pastors ftnd all the
youn^ people's societies of th;s city and
vrj.ich may even bring forth a criticism
.rom Professor Jordan.
Mr. Mun hall's idea has ben put in
practice in other large ci'.es, but lias
never been tried in Oakland. He propoees
to inaugurate a process: n next Friday
evening in which all ihe pa-tors, the
police, Christian Endeavor societies, Ep
worth leagues, Sunday-schools and Baptist
Young People's Lnion will march
•through the streets behind Professor
Birch, who will i lay on his golden cor
net. The progressive evangelist has also
ciared to surest that a touch of fireworks
thrown in will add to the effectiveness of
the occasion.
"It is necessary in some ca'es," said
Dr. Munhai, '-io arouse the people from
their lethargy, and this seems to be one of
the cases. There are certain elates of
peopie who wili not come into a revival of
their own free will and who need to be en
couraged. A march through the streets
with music and fireworks w.'.i in some in
stances be more effective than a printed
nonce. I hhve had a? many as 2000 peo
pifc in one of these marches and an arch
of fireworks under which they all passed.
'Such incidents call attention to the meet
ing, attract thrones of people, strengthens
the young Christian and at this time es
pecially wili help to create general inter
est in the National Christian Endeavor
Convention of '07, which will meet in San
Francisco.
. "I will guarantee that next Friday even
ing after our march bat taken place, and
possibly a few fire worts hava been shot
into the air, even ii the Fir^t Presby
terian Church were as large again as it is
we couid n:l it. I have already mentioned
this plan to tbe city offic< rs, and they are
heartily in accord with the id^a. Tbe
of i'ohce, I am a^rfcabiv surprised
t.o i::id, is a Christian Endeavorer, and
enters fervently inio all efforts to benefit
the masses."
•At 2 o'clock to-tnorrow afternoon a
meeting will be held at the First Presby
terian Church to arranco for this monster
► ' a parade on next Friday evening. It
will start from the First Me"thodist Epis
copal Church, will parade down Washing
tonstreet to Seventh, along to Broadway
and up to Fourteenth, when it will go to
the church.
An effort will be made to bring in dele
gations from the youn- people's societies
ot the surrouruiing towns, and President
11. J. \\ aters of the city Christian Endea
vor Union confidently states that not less
thaulOuo vcun_ men and the v ame num
ber of young women will be seen in the
illuminated parade.
• In his lecture last night Dr. Munhall
.barely hinted at the pa cant he had in
mind, and in so doing made a passing re
mark on the 'Sober mind" which has fie
ured so conspicuous v -f i a te amone pas
tors and professors of d ff -rent fai'hs
ANNEXATION COMMITTEE
An Important Meeting Will X Held
To- Morrow.
OAKLAND, Cal., Feb. 6.— Chairman
C. A. Bon of the movement for greater
Oakland, has appointed the following
representatives as the executive commit
tee who will have full charge of the de
tails and management of the annexation
election: For Golden ' Gate, Captain J.
H. Mc.Menomy and H. T. Burns;. Peralta,
Payne Bhafter; Temescal. precinct 1, J
Leiter and J. O'Rourke; Temescal, 2
George Morrow; Temescal, 3, \V. H.
Knickerbocker; Claremont, - -•" Edton
Adams; Piedmont, J. H. Carleton and
harles A. Boynton; Linda Vista, David
K. Ren. . •
A meeting of the committee with C. A.
lion chairman. James 8. Naismith »ecre
ta Fy , and Charles Chicbester treasurer,
will he held in Judge Cliffs court-room
next Monday night. It is estimated that
without tlie Piedmont section the district
t™s U 1B proposed to annex will add abont
7000 to the population, embrac ng three
scuool districts with seventeen teachers
and about 1000 pupils.
It is liiouiiiu that the scheme of aanexa
lion will carry this time, with some modi
fications. A number of those prominent
in opposition before are now favorable.
NEW COMMUNION CUP.
Still Another Invention to Be Used in
„.■*.'^, an Oakland Church.
OAKLAND, Cal., Feb. (>.— Still another
aeli-cleansing communion cup has been'
introducea, and to-morrow will be used
for the first time in the Eng ish Lutheran
Church. This particular cup is the in»
vention of the Rev. Paul G. Klinger. It
is a cup within a cup, the inner cup re»
volvinp with the stem. There is attached
to the cup a cleanser, throush which the
rim of the cup from which the communi
cants drir.k passes.
Within the cleanser is a cushion of ab»
Eorbent material, which presses lirmiy
against the rim. This cleansing material,
or puriiicator, can be removed and re
newed as olten as desired. After each
communicant partakes of the win« the
inner cup must be turned one-fourtb
around by the hand on the stem, anu tht
part of the rim used pas^s through the
cleanser before being OMd again. The
wine is contained in a reservoir with a
glass top, and at each quarter turn of the
cup wive for one communicant (about
half a te&spoonful) passes ironi the reser
voir by mean? of an orifice at the bottom
into the cup from which the communi
cant receives it.
Labor Unions and Politics.
OAKLAND, CAI», Feb. 6.— There is a
complication between the Federated
Trades and Federal Labor Union, retard
ing the stand which organized labor has
taken in politic?, and next Monday night
a union conference will be held at 10-34
Broadway, when the matter will be fully
considered.
Suit Over thn Sobrante Grant.
OAKLAND, Cal., Feb. 6.— The suit of
Edsou Adams vs. Emily B. Hopkins
came up in ihe Superior Court at Martinez
this week. It involves the ownership of
the Sobrante grant, consisting of about
MRS. MARY PRICE, Who Unwittingly Conveys the Impression
That She Intends to Commit Suicide, but Says She Has
No Idea of Doing So.
19,000 acre* at Orinda Park. The matter
waß tir-it taken into court several years
ago, bat has been continued from term to
term. There are about 330 defendants,
who are represented by an army of attor
neys, and tt is estimated that it will re
quire two months to dispose ol" the case.
Taxpayers File No Ticket.
OAKLAND, Cal., Feb. 6. — The tax- I
layers' convention nominees have not
been tiled with the City Clerk, although
the time has passed when they can be hied
without a petition. There are ten days
more in which to prepare their petitions
to get their names on the ticket. As the
convention confined itself entirely to in
dorsing the candidates on othe r tickets it
is proDable that they will not file a separate
ticket.
Howard Moat Stand Trial.
OAKLAND, Cat... Feb. 6.— John How
ard, concerned in the deah of Anna
Johnson, has been remanded for trial. !
Judge Ogdeii this morning dismissed the I
writ of habeas corpus, but consented to i
reduce the bail from $4000 to $2500. I
THE SAN FRANCISCO . CALTj, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 7, 1897.
ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
NOT INSANE, BUT ODD
Mrs. Price Has Made a
Record in Many In
terior Towns.
Her Tale o! Woe,WithVery Little
Variation, Has Been Told to
Many O.'ficials.
Though Suspected of Su:cid3l D.sires,
She Has Always Denied Any
Such Intention
Oakland Office Sab Francisco Call,)
90S Broadway, Feb. G. f
Mrs. Mary Price, who was arrested at
Haywards yesterday on suspicion of in
tention to end her life, has a roost peculiar
history. The woman is evidently sane,
though somewhat weak-minded, and the
history of her life, as she tells it. accounts
amply for her somewhat dwarfed intellect.
As she sat in the County Jail this after
noon and told of her adventures it was
easily seen that in some respects she has
a remarkably strong will and a capacity
to adapt herself to trying circumstances,
with an amount of philosophy not ex
pected from on* who is suspected of being
Insane.
For several weeks past the newspapers
in the vicinity of ilarysville and Redding
have contained reports of a woman who
has been doing similar things to those
which have characterized Mrs. Price in
this county, and it was proved to-day that
it is all the work of the same woman.
Last Wednesday afternoon she was in
Red Bluff and was locketi up by the Sner
iff on a report that she was going to com
mit suicide. She arrived in Red Bluff the
previous evening and put up at a hotel.
The next morning she appeared on tbe
street and her peculiar actions attracted
mucii attention. She told some one she
was going to jump into the iiver. This
was communicated to the Sheriff's office
and she was locked up. In the afternoon
she was taken before the Suparvisors and
questioned. She aaid she was traveling
around looking lor work and wanted to
go to Oakland, where she had a friend
whose name she had forgotten. She said
BtM was 24 years of age and had two chil
dren, aged 9 and 11 years, at Portland.
She said she was married when she was
13, and denied having any intention of
taking her life. She asked the board to
pay her fare to Oakland and it is pre
sumed that this was done, as she arrived
in Oakland last Thursday and yesterday
morning started out for Hay wards.
At the County Jail to-day she told ex
actly tbe came story as at Red Bluff,
Marysville and Keddinsr, and admitted
passing through those places, but said she
had met with no trouble wbi;e there. She
now says that she wants to get to Los
Aneele?, where she has a sister and two
children.
Mrs. Price is an able-looking woman
an J her sunburnt features plainly indicate
that she has traveled a good deal. "My
husband ieft me some months ago," she
said, "and I will not live with him ai;ain.
I have been employed an an actress and
can play several instruments and am
quite capable of earning a good living, but
I want to get to Los Anneles where I can
see my children. I was in Redding a few
days ago, but did not have any trouble
there. lam certainly not crazy and the
constable at Havwards had no reason at
all for bringing me here. While on my
way to that town it rained very hard and
1 was wet through and I asked some one
to help me. Tiiey reported me to the con
stable and he brought me to jail.
"I am going to leave on Monday, and
shall co to Los Angeles if anybody will
help me to do so. I have been traveling
around looking for work for several weeks,
but shall be cared lor if I get to Los
Angeles."
The woman has evidently traveled con
siderably, as she has an intimate acquain
tance with nearly every town in the
interior of the State even as far south v-
Frvsno. Reports of her doings have from
time to time apneared in Marvsville, Red
ding, Red Bluff and Grass Valley news
papers, and it is btu natural that In due
time she should have drifted into Oakl and.
About ihree weeks a«ro a younj; woman
who gave the name of Mrs. Jennie Moor<
appeared in Redding and was taken into
custody by the authorities there tecause
of her queer action*.
She told a story of trouble and priva
tion and »aitl that she was en route from
Portland to San Francisco, where she had
two children, and if she could reach that
place she would be cared for. The people
of Kedding paid her fare to Kan Fran
cisco an I notliing more was heard of her
until last week. She then G.-ureu in an
alleged attempt to throw herself before a
train somewhere near Sacramento. Mon
day night she applied to the Afarypville
authorities for lodging and waa accommo
dated at the siation-hous'\ At this place
she said she bad two children at Portland
and was desirous of going to them.
CAMPBELL'S SIDE
He Gives His Version of the Unmtn
Episode.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Feb. 6.— ln regard to
the story of the Oamt>bell-Hansen episode
published or. the 4th iust. Robect Q.
Campbell has written to give his version
of the affair.
He states that be s mply refused to
allow the elder boy to remain under his
roof until he would make an effort to re
form. 'The second one," he continues,
"did run away the last time because he
was refused permission from me to fre
quent the training-stables at the time of
the charges that implicated Lomax. He
is now on one of the United States war
ships, but his letters seem full of regret"
Mr. Cumpbell denies that he left Mrs.
Prescot;'.-! olHce as stated and in regard to
the whole aff.nr aaya that the boy George
hud been m^ochaviug und, unknown to
Mr. Campbell, was threatened that his
conduct wouid oe reported. The boy
went to the Hitnsens wno, he says,
had promised to "tix" Campbell if he
whipped the boy. Finally, three male
members ot the liansen family visited the
Cunmbell house, and when Campbell un
derstood the situation he punished the
boy George more severely than he had
intended.
Mr. Campbell resents any interference
with his family, says he is a Scoiohruan
(of which he is proud), but wou.d fi^ht for
las adopted land, the United States, and
leaves the public to judge whether he was
not within bis rights la acting as he did.
JAMES P. PIERCE DEAD.
Formerly a Bank President and
Trustee oi Mills Semi-
nary.
Expired at His Home in Akmtsda.
Other Happenings of the Day— Mr.
Gay Set In Release
ALAMEDA, Cal.. Feb. a— James P.
Pierce, formerly president of the Santa
Clara £ank, died at his home, 2241 Santa
Clara avenue, at an early hour this morn-
i lie. Death resulted from a complication
of troubles.
The deceased came to Alameda four
years ago, and has lived a retired life. He
leaves v widow and seven married chil
dren, all by a former wife. His property
was divided between them some time ago,
and it is not probable that he left much of
an estate, lie was a trustee of Mills Sem
inary, and a choir from that institution
will furnish the music at his funeral.
The deceased and bis wife were greet
admirers of the Public . Library, of which
he was a moat enthusiastic supporter. He
was a Freemason. /
. Knoinal City Brevities.
The Alameila Health Office reported twentr
four deaths for mc month of January and
nineteen births.
The Friday night cotillon held in Encinal
Halt last evening was one of the most surevss
ful of the seas- in. Oakland, San Francisco aud
B rkcluy were r.pre-eiiied.
W. Zingg reports a scare by footpads, which
Is said to iiave occurred at 12:30 yesterday
morning. ■ '.'.■ .
Thirty members have i^ned the charter list
for a labor exchange la this city. A cnartor
lias been ordered.
The mrsquerade of the German Ladies' R
elief BoclelJ took place last night, and was
larpelj- attended. It proved quite a tiuancial
success. ' ••.
At the Theaters.
OAKLAND. Cal., Feb. b'.— The "Prodi
gal Father" will coaie to tiie Macdonough
Monday night and give I*o performance*.
Tins comedy lias made a groat hit
wherever it has been produced and the
advance .--ale indicates full houses for the
engagement.
At the Oakland Theater Monday night.
May Nannary will inaugura'e her second
season, supported by the Dailey Stock
Company in -'The Tigress."
KEW TO-DAT.
GONWTION
TOTHB Editor: I have an absolute Cure for
CONSUMPTION and all Bronchial, Throat and
Lung Troubles, and all conditions of Wasting
Away. By itstimely use thousands of apparent-
ly hopeless cases have been permanently cured.
So proof-positive am I of its power ti> cure, I
will send FREE to anyone afflicted, THREE
BOTTLES of my Newly Discovered Remedies,
upon receipt of Express and Postoffice address.
Always sincerely yours,
T. A. SLOCUM, M.C., 183 Pearl St.. New York.
When writing the Doctor, pieasu mention this paper.
B /iiiiiiiiiiiuiiiiiiiii^^ u^iiffiiiiiiiHiiai 1 .-.^ii(
1-^IS THE BEST KNOWN REMEDY^- |
FOR
QHEUMATISM, NEUKAIGIA, PAINS IN GENERAL, DYSPEPSIA, DYSENTERY, S
It Cholera Morbus, Diphtheria, Sore Throat/Pneumonia, Nervous, Liver and ft
#, Kidney Complaints, Sciatic^, Lumbago, Colds, Coughs^ Local and General Debility, #
g Headache,; Earache, Toothache, Sickness in Stomach, Backache, Burns, Swellings! ||
! ] Boils, -Siwes, Ulcers, Colic, Cramps, Sprains, Bruises, Scalds, Wounds, Indigestion! 9
Headache, Earache, Toothache, Sickness in Stomach, Backache, Burns, Swellings]
Boils, Sores, Ulcers, Colic, Cramps, Sprains, Bruises, Scalds, Wounds, Indigestion,'
|i- Skin Diseases, Excessive Itching and many other complaints too numerous to 8
M name here. The most skeptical are convinced aftertrial. '•
S ••■ v Price, 25c, 50c, $1.00 Per Bottle. |
'# For sale b> all druggiste. The trade supplied by Redington & Co., Mack & Co. and Langley <fe Mic'naele, San Francisco. •
j|| • iH L. Callisch, Wholesale Agent for the Pacific Coast, San Jose, Cal ;>;.<E 5
A LABOR UNION
ADMITS A CHINESE
Wa Une Sin Studying a
Scheme That Will Stop
Highbindery.
His M ssion Ii Recognized by the
Federal Labor Union of
Oakland.
Will Attempt to Introduce the Labor
Union System in the C.-les-
tial Expire.
Oakland Office San Kraxcisco Call.)
'JOB Broadway. tTtb. G. j
Federal Labor Union No. 5671 of Oak
land lias aiiniiued Wa Une Sin of Canton.
China, and this is probably the first case
on recoid in which a native of that coun
try has been received into fellowship by
an American labor union.
For. several weeks the question of ad
mitting Mr. Sin has been under discus
sion, and at the last meeting it was de
cided to admit him to membership, lie
has beer, in this country several months,
collectinc data and making a study of or
ganized labor in the United States, with a
view io introducing the system into
China.
'"Our action will no doubt cause much
critic. Bm," said Secretary T. J. Latimer of
the union, 'but our declaration of prin
ciples requires us to recognize honest
labor, independently of co:or, creed or
country, and aftor he had applied for
membership and we had investigated his
standing, we could not consistently have
acted otherwise. Mr. Sin is studying a
great problem, and in the course of th#
next few mouths ne wi.l be heard from all
over tiiis country.
"It has long been recognized that the
highbinder system which prevails in China
i* the most cruel and heartless system that
the world has ever kno^n in connection
wiiu labor. It Is a worse system of slavery
than ever prevailed in the West Indies,
and when a man corner io us to str.uy our
system for the purpose of improving his
own country we are coßiuelled to extend
our hand to him. Although we do not
want Chinese in this country to enter
into competition w:th our laboring
classes, we are not so narrow-minded as to
wish to see them make no progress in
their own land.
"Mr. Sin has already sent to his coun
try several pamphlets describing the pro
gress of his rest- arches over here and the
part he has taken in some of our debates,
ami the character of his questions have
convinced us that he is a man of more
than ordinary intelligence and sincere in
NEW TO-DAY- Vf-
Gl'.ldfne^ IS Ner disorders such as Wind and Pain tn the Stomach, Sick. Hea<lach«
Gl.mincss, Fullness and -weHin* after meals, Dizziness and Drowsiness, Cold Chills Klushinw
of Heat. Loss of appetite, Shortness of Breath. Costiveness. Blotches on the Skin D "turbed
Bleep, rrißhUul Dre.im- and all Nervous and Trembling Sensations, etc.. when thes- svmntoms
A WONDERFUL MEDICINE.
ikeyßss^sffeJSsis 0 compiete heaith -
WEAK STOMACH, IMPAIRED DieESTION, DISORDERED LIVER
they net like ma^ic— a few doses will work wonders upon tho Vital organs, strengthening the
muscular System, restoring the long-lost complexion, bringing back the keen edee of appetite
and arousing with the Ko.ebud of ea.th the whol« physical energy of the humaa
frsme. Theso are facts admit by thousands, in all classes of societr and one of the best
guarantees to the Nervous and Debiliuted is that Beecham's Fills have the L, arrest
Sale fjfany Patent Medicine in the. World. ■"*"»•
WITHOUT A RIVAL. Annual Sales over 6,000,000 Boxes.
25c. at Drug Stores, or will be sent by U. S. Agents, B, F. ALLEN CO., 305 Canal St. New
Tt orlc. po»t paid, upon receipt of price. Book free upoa application.
liff-i J^ MANHOOD RESTORED^"™
4J^~ <£# 3Sr -—» -I , lflr "V lw **** SBl»»J I WliluUVitalizer.theprcscrlp.
T7v n Wf* ** » tlon 0I a i* mojs Fr # en ,? h Physician, will quickly cure you of all n"£
H\(V s\ ) «X - vT vous or diseases of the generative orxars wh a«Y<»r M-o^nJirJi
■ VJ^^ A c^?}^'^ nfltness to Marry, ExhaiistlnK Drains. Varlcooele a.id 3
J V y^ OOMtlmitlon. 1 1 stops all looses by clay or nlVht. S Pi evenS i qafrto
m >»«• >W ness of di?charge,whlchifnotch<»clcedleadstoBpermatorrh<Baand
m BEFORE. « N » AFTER lid^K^te^o^^^^^^ «-
• CimOENE strengthens and restores small weak organs.
Tbo reason sufferer-, are not cured by Doctors is becanse ninety per c»nt are troubled wit*
Pt-OBtmt U l«. CDPIDK^E Is thp onlykno^ remed/ to cure without an om ratio™ 5000 testlmon*
s l!^ A written guarantee riven »nd money returned If six boxes does not effect a permanent cureT
fLOOabox.slxforf&OO.by mall. Send for circular and testimonials. pernianenseura
Address UAVOt. MI2DICINK CO., li7o liarlcet street. San Frandtco, Cal For B a!ebT
BKOOK.S' PHARMACY, 119 PoweU street.
I i-j profession to do something that wii
lilt his countrymen from the uucivilizocl j
conditions under which they now slave in i
hourly iear of their lives.
"In this reaped the Federal Labor j
Union is probahiy a little ahead of any ;
otner labor union, and we believe that
slavery is slavery no matter iv wnav
country it exists."
Wa Une S:n is a very well informed
man about 30 years of age. who has Uis- :
carded bis native gaib, a:th^ugh. he uas !
not yet parted with his queue. In con- |
versation be is very brigntana quick.
"I bave been trying for some time,"
said be, "to b« admitted to membership
Ul th» labor union, for t. c purpose of j
getting clo-er to the source of the knowl- ;
ed^e that I desire. In my country there
is need for a soc.al revolution, and al- !
though on account of the slowness with
which news is circulated ovir :here it
wiii take many years before a good start j
can be made, still such an upheaval is (
bound to come sooner or later, and already j
those in authority are reading the signs
o! the times. Ttie laboring ; Jus-sea have j
been considerably disturoed by the report j
from their countrymen who migrate ;o i
other parts of the wrorid, many of whom
become moderately rioh. While it is not j
likely that this ountry will ever open j
her doora Dromiscuouaiy to Chinese cmi- j
grants, there is no reason why the inde- \
peudtnee wi.ich the Chinese see here and I
try to imitate shoul 1 not be inaugurated
in tbeir own country, and this I Delieve
to be the most useful kind of missionary
work that can be undertaken.
"Chinese will always be Chinese, but
they need not always be slaves."
NEW POSTOriIOE.
A Large Brick Building to Be Erected
in Uerkeley.
BERKELEY, Cau, Feb. 6.— Berkeley is
to have a new Drict postofficd buildiut;.
It wiij Le erected by Captain John T.
Wright on the corner of StaniorJ place
and Center street and will bi; the largest
business block m town. A contract has
already been entered into with Uie author
ities nt Washington to have the uostoffice
occupy the new siructure.
A quiet fight has been goinjr on for some
time among those interested to have the
posiofflce remain where it i?, as its re
moval will considerably divert business
from Stanford place north of Center street.
*• pinion* T«-Day.
BERKELEY, Cal., Feb. 6.— The Rev.
Horatio btebbins, U. D., will preach to
morrow morning in the Unitarian Church,
Stiles Hall. The Rev. E. B. Payne, former
pastor of the chu:ch, will occupy Dr. Steb
bins' pulpit in San Francisco. At Trinity
Church the Rev. R. S. Cantine, D.D., of
ban Jose will preach morning and even
ing. Professor Bailey of tbe university
will deliver his second lecture on •'borne
Social "Aspects of Christianity" in St.
Mark's Church in the evening.
/ > Faculty Attacked.
' BERKELEY,- Cal., Feb. 6.— J. A. Elt
ton, editor of ttie University ol California
Magazine, has published v severe crituism
of tbe faculty ior its action in laying on
ibd table at a recent meeting two petitions
of the student body. Etston says that
such summary disposal of student re
quests does not tend to make tiie students
well disposed toward the faculty aud is not
fair treatment.
Another Xeir Sect.
BERKELEY, Cal., Feb. 6.— One more
new religious »cci has established itselt in
Berkeley. It is the "Ten Lost Tribao of
Israel," and is re}>resenteu by J. H. Nel
son, who is holding levivnl services at
2132 Dwight way. The T«-n Tribes Society
leaches that the Anglo-Saxons of to-day
are the ten lost tribes uf lsr.iel.
Napkins 22x22 in., half bleached Irish
linen damask, $2 75doz. City of Paris. *
faction saics
\mm Al'CTiiH «I.HF.i.VV.
1057 HAKKDT >TR : XT, Off. JONES.
• TO-SlOliUO,*' i.HOND\T). ■
The atb day of Februarr. 1597, at Jl o'clock A.X*
310 Teliaina St . bai. rdurth a id Fifth,
We wilt sell r>v i rtieroi ill* «\tcu.ors nf the estate
Of MR-. Dltl-C'oi.L, deceated, al! the furniture,
carpets, bedding, pictures, luce curtains, tine Wio-
throp ratine (\vi;li top uven), Kiic.'ien ireusi-S, etc.,
contained In the above 12-ruom house. •
•. .;■« IXUIA.SA VLCTI N H).'.:l''\Y,
; •■ - H. J. l.futholir. Auci:one«r
_ jq-I'.i.t..c^a. ft j?i R I fS r rt O
QQ6pCAN M CERS
book free rrith
home tcTimcr. ials> of many
Jjßßßßß|Bßff^^^ '■■■■ omen's Breasts
719 Market St.
Send to Someone with Cancer
THE
WEEKLY
CJILL
©/ It Publishes the Cream of th«
ex News of the Week and
cX MANY ATTRACTIVE AND
&< ORIGINAL FEATURES.
oc
°\ ITISTMB BEST WEEKLY
al PAPER ON THE
cJ PACIFIC COAST
q) Always Republican , but Always
3 Fair and Impartial in Its
J , Rendering of the Po-
q) litical News,
o) It's the Paper to Send East II
qJ You Want to Advertise
! o/ California.
3 \ ~~ /
°\ The Best \ /Mining
o< Telegraphic \/ News That
o< Service on /\ Is Accurate
d The Coast / \& up to date
°\ Not a Line of it Sensational
°^ or Faky, and Not a Line of
°\ it Dry or Uninteresting.
®j X PAPER FOR THE COUNTRY FIRESID&
) - I Bright, Clean, ; A Champion of
O( Thoughtful. Truth.
O< A CAU FORMA N'EWSPAPEB
J ALL THE TIME.
°) IT ADVOCATES SENT BY
O< HOME MAIL, $1.30
<J INDtSTRIES A YEAR,
THE CAUL SPEAKS FOR ALL
■rgggDß. HALL'S RBDTIGOIUTOK
MApMH Five hundred reward ior any cas» w«
Bfl ■■ cannot cure. THIS SECRET KEil-
H ■ KdV stopi all losses In 24 liourj,
9kM IMB cures Kmlsaluus, liupoteucy, Varico-
tSS TtT c " ! ''- Oleet, Fits, StrtD-
ÜbM i*J> tures. Blood Di.ense and allwasUnz
(H . 9 eflecLs of -elf-Abnss or Kxcesjai.
I fSpWmirf««^g scut sealed. $2 per bottle. i'Hßjij
SOTTLES, *5: cuarani«ed to cure any casa.
UK. HALL'S MEDICAL IXSTITUIJ4
bUS Broadway. uaKland. CaL
All private iiia«iuai uuickiy cur«nl fceaJ for
tre« booK.
Baja California
Damiana Bitters
IS A PUWEKFTTI, PH KODISIAC AND
specific tonic for tbe sexual and urinary oricani
' of both srxes, and v great remedy for diseases >t
tbe kidneys and bludder. A great Restorative^
Invlgorator and Xt-rvine. Sells ou its own Menis;
no long-winded tcstimouialt nece-ttary.
NAHKH, ALKS & BKINE, AgentH. ' ;
323 Harket St., 8. F. — (Send for Circular)
NOTARY PUBLIC.
nHARLES H. PHILLIHSS. ATTORNEY-AT-
\J Law and Notary I'ubllc. 638 Market »:., oppo
: site Palace Hotel. Telephone 570. Residence ltj2(J
| >'c.l street. Telephone •' Pine " 2591.
1516
COINCIDES WITH
PROFESSOR JORDAN
Rev. Father Wyman's
Views on Emotional
Religion.
Is Either Spiritual Intoxication
Or Evidence of Unsound
Mind
Says That True R ligion Consists oi
Obeying the Will of G;d as Far
as Possible.
Rev. Father Wyruan of St. Mary's
Church, a man generous in his views on
t he idiosyncrasies of human nature, and
who has been a student of the Bible for
many years, coincides with Professor
Jordan, president of Stanford University,
in bia view that "a revival of religion in
which men lose their reason is a form of
drunkenness no more worthy of respect
than the kind which lies in the uutter."
"Altnoagh Professor Jordan couched
his views in lerms stronger than the occa
sion really called for. " said Father Wv
man las>t c Yen Ing, "1 believe that in the
main he is correct in his convictions.
Emotional religion, which u>ually ac
companies revivals, rests on a false
•'The confession of Saul, who was miracu
lously stricken blind and again restored
to sight when he accepted the religion of
Oirist, is given by Methodists a too uni
versal application. On this miracle they
have their argument that all who would
become good Christians must undergo a
change of heart, a spiritual revolution;
must be Hooded with religious salvation,
without which they never can be truly
converted.
■Tins I believe to be a false view.
Many of the best Christians never ex
perienced any religious emotions. The
essence of relicion consists of keepinc the
I'oranundmeni' and in striving 10 do the
will of God. A man who aims to avoid
sin and to obey the will of God as far as
possible has, tn my opinion, the best evi
dence of v tru« Christian spirit.
"Mv own exronence as a missionary in
the Catholic church has taught me that in
mir church those people who are the most
emotional ami readily and easily weep
over tneir sins are frequently not ttieones
who prove afterward the sincerity of their
repentance by their work*.
"I have met persons who seemed in
capable of receiving religious impressions,
yet who from a rational consideration o f
the f.'re*l eternal truths of gospel and a
:irm determination to avoid evil have be
come thoroughly devout Christians.
"Now regarding Professor Jordan's re
mark that religious enthusiasm is a form
of spiritual drunkenness, there are people
who under the Influence of Methodism
manifest actions that would indicate that
they were the victim * of a deranged intel
lect.
"These are the people I believe Proles
sor Jordan condemns. Ido not thins he
would condemn r^hsious sentiment — 1 do
not mean religious emotion — that is fully
controlled by sound reason."
THE NATIVE SONS' NIGHT
How They Will Observe the
Anniversary of the Opening
of Their Home.
Vocal and Instrumental Music and a
Ball in an Artistically D corated
Hall Next Thursday Night.
The Native Sons and Daughters who
are members of the local parlors, many
native sons and daughters who are not
members of the parlors, and others who
ere not native sons and daughters, are
looking forward to next Thursday, when
on the evening of that day they may have
the opportunity to enjoy a fine concert
and dance, to be given under the {aus
pices of the directors of the Hall Associa
tion in Native Sons' Hall, in celebration
of the anniversary of the brilliant event
given on the occasion of the opening of
the new building.
The committee of arrangements having
charge of the matter has for yome time
past Deen actively engaged in making
preparations, and these have all been
completed, and each individual member
feels that what he has done in the prepara
tions will tend to make this the greatest
of all social events niven by the Native
S?ons of the Golden West.
The main hall in which the concert and
dance will be given will be decorated as it
never has been decorated before. There
will be a harmony of colors that will bring
out in beautiful contrast "Old Glory," the
NEW 10-DAT.
" MEN ~~ ■■ ~~~
HAVE
FORSAKEN
The belief that only in the high-priced sort could
genuine merit be found.
JACKSON SQUARE
CIGAR. E£ CIGAR.
Are strictly Cuban hand made. They're the standard
of excellence and intended as the popular cigar at the
popular price.
RINALDO BROS. & CO.,
PACIFIC COAST AGENTS,
300-302 BATTERY STREET, S. F.
! Hear Flag and the many banners that will
I be used ; then there will be a magnificent
I stage setting that will have in its makeup
'. many living shrubs ana plants, to say
I notning of the mural adornments that
! have been suggested.
The talent secured is of the best obtain
j able in ihe worid of amateur performers,
I and the rehearsals bad during the wees
warrant tbe assertion that there will be
musle, soft and sweet, that will charm the
most fastidious. Arthur Sucden will give
vocal selections; F. K. Tobin will perform
'■ a trombone solo; Mrs. Madden is on tbe
I programme for vocal selections; Professor
1 Cipollini and James Nounan will render
j favorite air; on the mandolin and'guitar;
j Robert Lloyd is on the list for a vocal
' solo; Miss Lulu Mephan will also render a
j «olo; the Knickerbocker quartet is to give
! selections; the Hawaiian sextet i» to ren-
I der some of the i.-land music, and Miss
Nelye Giusti, whose voice has dehgnied
J many critical audiences, will sing a- aria
; from an opera. Then those who wi n will
go on with the dance. The following are
the committees:
Arrangements— L. F. Byington, H. J. Seltz,
J. K. Kropp, H. C. Pasquale and J. B.BtovalL
Reception— Mayor Jmnes I>. Phelan, Adolph
KtMirhart, John 11. Grady, R. H. Morse. W. H.
Mllier, F. 11. Young, D. V. Martin, .'. K. llow
ell, E. P. E. Troy, Daniel Sutter, Henry E.
Cokey, Robert Wrlxon, J. 11. Nelson and H.
Euler.
rommlttee-G. H. S. Dryden (floor di
rector). 1.. Nonneman and H. G. \V. Dinkcl
s|>;t-l (assistant*), Henry I.uusteiit, Charles A.
Boldeman, Henry Stern, T. C. Conway, J. P.
Donuovan, \V. E. Koley, M. J. Sbeehan, J. B.
Keenan, Robert W. Martland, U. H. Buck. F.
W. Marston, L. M. fiauuon and Fred G. Nor
man.
The association was organized in April,
1893, to build a home for the parlors of the
Native Sons of the Golden West in this
City, nv.il the result of their work is the
beautiful building on Mason street, a
iuoiAiment to the perpetuity of the order.
From the very inception of the fraternity,
born in the spirit ol patriotism on the 4th
day of July, 1875, its most earnest sup
porters cherished the hope that some day
its members might be gathered beneath
their own roof-iree and that pride of own
ership might stimulate their zeal in the
work of me order, and its good influ
ences expand thence until they had be-
OOmfl a blessing to the people of our State.
At various times delegates from the differ
ent parlors met and organized, with the
objectof interestingcapital in the erection
of a hall suited to the needs of the order,
but their efforts were not crowned with
the merited success.
Undaunted by the failure of the pioneers
in this work, the present Hall Association
was organized, and, under the guidance
of a zealous and untirine board of direc
tors, the parlors of the Native Sons and
their members were quickly interested,
the necessary funds raised and the splen
did ball erected upon Mason street. Feb
ruary 22, 1886, aside from its patriotic
associations as the anniversary of Wash
ington's natal day, is fraucht with un
usual pride to the members of the Hali
Association, in that it witnessed the lay
ing of the cornerstone of their magniti
cent building. On February it, l*i*>, the
labors ot the mechanics and artisans were
finally hnished, and, with imposing and
beautiful ceremonies, the hall was dedi
cated to the patriotic and charitable ob
jects of the order.
The history of the association since
then has been one of marked success.
Within tho beautiful iodgerooms of me
building aie brought together seventeen
parlors of the Native Sons, h've of the
parlors of the Native daughters and many
of the other leading fraternal societies of
the City.
MRS. PERRY'S DEATH.
The Remains Taken to New York— Her
Mother in Thl« City
The remains of Mrs. John H. Ferry,
wife of Acior Perry of Al Reeves' Burlesque
Company, who aied in the East on the
J^'.h ult., were taken to New York and
buried on the Ist inst. at Brooklyn. Th«
arrangpments wer« most elaborate >and
the entire company accompanied the re
mains.
Mr. Perry's correct name is John ti.
Brown, he only using the former as a
stage namf. His wife's maiden naice was
Johanna Nelson, She was the daughter
of Eliza aud the late Tiiomtts Nelson of
San Francisco, where her mother still re
side.". Two sisters, Nellie Bosan of New
Orleans and Lucy of this City, also a
brother of this City, survive. Mr. Perry's
union was blessed with three children —
two sons. Thomas and George, who reside
with their grandmother in t:is State.
Their only daughter, Lillian, appears with
"Capitoia Forresi" for the season. Mrs.
Perry was a member of the Mission
Dolores Church of this City.
The manager and members of the com
pany held a meeting and passed a resolu
tion of thanks, which was presented to
Manager Gilder of the Auditorium, for
bia kindness in declaring the engagement
off owing to the sad occurrence.
HIS LIFE A MISERY.
A. V Levy Turns on the Gm and Knds
His KlUtenre.
A. N. Levy, a grocery man, 53 years of
age, committed suicide last evening by
inhaling illuminating gas in his hom6,
2'6~ Webster street.
Owing to financial reverses the suicide
had been despondent for several weeks.
He owned a grocery-store near his resi
dence, but was forced to close it down.
He leaves a widow.
On the Way Home,
Dr. and Mrs. E. S. Breyfogle hare juit
arrived in New York. The doctor has
been in Europe since one year ago last
September, during which lime he has
availed himself of the best surgical and
medical experience to be obtained in ti.e
hospitals and clinics of Beriin. Vienna,
Paris, London and elsewhere in Europe.
The doctor will shortly resume his very
important practice in this City, which in
formation his large following of friends
and patrons will be glad to know.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 7, 1897.
NEW MONUMENT
TO DEAD HEROES
To Be Raised at the Presi
dio and Be Dedicated
May 30.
Provided by the Regular Army
and Navy Union of the
United States.
An Imposing and Handsome Structure
Which Will Ornament the
National Cemetery.
A soldiers' and sailors' monument will
be dedicated at the Presidio next
Memorial day, May 30. The Pacific Coast
Monument to Be Dedicated at the Presidio to the Memory of
Soldiers, Sailors and Marines of the United States by
the Regular Army and Navy Union of the United
States Next Memorial Day.
garrisons of the Regular Army and Navy
Union of the United States of America
have zealously labored for some time to
raise the necessary money to provide a
fitting tribute to the memory of dead
heroes who have fallen in the service of
their country. Enough progress has been
made to warrant the authoritative asser
tion that the statue to surmount the
pedestal will arrive in this City in April.
The total cost of the monument will be
about $2000. It will be of white bronze.
The total height will be 17 feet 2 inches;
the statue, which is a figure of a soldier
defending the flag, being 8 feet 4 inches in
height. The following inscription will
appear upon the front die: "Dedicated to
the Regular Army and Navy Union of the
United States of America by the Pacific
Coast Garrisons, Mey 30, 1«»7."
On the front also on the cap will be dis
played the coat of arras of the United
States and on the base will be a piece of
lipht artillery. On the right cap will be
a flaming shell, on the die the American
flag and jack, drums and cannon-balls
and on the base a stack of arms.
The initiative in providing this monu
ment was taken by California Garrison
No. 11, under the able leadership of Com
mander A. K. Holzheid, J. P. Fitzgerald
and Frank G. Wisker, respectively.
The subscription!; amount to $1328,
being up to yesterday as follows: H. J.
Crocker $1000, California Garrison Na
101 $228. Philadelphia Garrison No. 139
$50 (this being the subscription of the
oluf-jacknts on the cruiser Philadclubia).
Mayor Phelan $SO.
The committee in charge of raising the
money, which U headed by Past Com
mander Fitzgerald, la now actively at
wort. The monument will be maue by
the Monumental Bronze Company of
Bridcepori, Conn. The description of the
monument is furnished by the Pacific
Coast representative of the makers, James
Linfortb. The monument will stand In a
conspicuous position in the National
Cemetery at the Presidio.
REARED BY AN OPIUM FIEND.
I'nntaminatlng Surroundings of a Young:
• Girl on Jersey I»l»nd, >'«<»r Antioch.
A letter was received several days apo
by Secretary Kane of the Society for the
Prevention o! Vice, from William Gribble,
Justice of the Peace of Anliocb, in rela
tion to a young girl named Josephine
Uughei, who was described as being with
out prop-r guardianship and badly in
ne< d of the care necessary to rear her to
bfome a good woman.
Her father was said to be dead, and her
mother living with a Greek fisherman.
The girl herself was in the custody of a
woman named Annie Cohen, also de
scribed as being a woman of loose morals
and addicted to the opium habit.
It was further stated that the Cohen
woman and the young girl lived together
on Jersey Island, directly across the river
from Antioch, where evilcorupanionship
abounded and where the girl was frequent
ly given intoxicating liquor to drink.
Secretary Kane at once tried to secure a
home here" for the girl, and succeeded, but
at the last moment the lady who was to
take herchan-jod her mind. So he notifiea
the Sacramento Society tor the Prevention
of Cruelty to Children of the matter
through Agent tiealey, who happened to
be in this City. Sue will be taken in
charge by that organization and, if pos
sible, a statable home found for her.
OFFICERS WERE ELECTED.
Action of the I>irccturs of the German
Old People's Home Ainoclatlon.
The board of directors of the Old
People's Association held a meeting yes
terday afternoon and elected the folio wine
officers:
I'resident, Joseph Brandenstein; vice
presidents, Oito Mueser and Mrs. Wil
liam Westhoff; recording secretary, C. M.
VolKmann; financial secretary, F. H&be
nicht; treasurer, F. L. Rose.
A resolution was passed expressing the
deep regret of the board at the loss of Mrs.
A. Micnalitschke, one of the directors,
who died Friday night at her residence,
2103 California street.
At the _ annual roeetinc a week ago Mr§.
Claus Bprack«la was elected an Honorary
member of the association on account or
her many valuable donations to the borne.
Acknowlkix-.kd superior, the Waltx safes, in
all sizes. KM* and 111 Market st., S. K.
NEW TO-DAY. ■
nrmnre oTroTroTrTSToTroTTßTTnnnnr TroTnrjryrTrjrßTryyroTTfTroiri^
THE 3
1 GHR,-AJ>T3D 1
jo Of the most popular Retiring Sale ever held in g
jo this city will engage the knowing ones to-mor- 3
row. °\
f° o< '
C THO^F 500 Remnants, which would be 2
C I TTi T- styled sacrifices if sold UZfS^ 3
i LITTLE f or $2, $3 and $4, at - OUU jjj
jE PRICES Brocaded Satin Skirts, latest cut [
Jo _ r* 4. and designs — they're elegant, jo
£- nOr ;(J rCSt. and called cheap elsewhere at JS
| . Big Values **\ m . . th ! . hu "-! $1 0 |
to °
g. Brocaded Velvets, Beaded Grenadine, Pattern Suits, 5
]o Cloaking,, Flannels for Wrappers, and CLOAKS and o
}S -WRAPS, at those .little prices that have made this sale t
S famous. ';>
ARMAND CAILLEAU, 1
| Corner Geary Street and Grant Avenue. |
C^^L^SUUUIJULiUULgJUULg.tLg B 8 fl 9 8 RJLgJLg-9JLg.fi g g 9 g p fi 9JULPASULSLSLSLS s3
BLOOD BUBBLED
WITH LAVA HEAT
Police Judges Campbell and
Low Nearly Came
to Blows.
Then Ben Napthaly and Clar
ence Gray Had an Angry
Controversy.
The Second Event Followed as tin
Result cf the First and It Wa*
Equally Ardent.
A scene occurred in the Larkln-str«nl
corridor of the City Halt yctteffay iimi
caused a ripple of excitement MMMf ' bOM
who witnessed it, as it was expooicd thai
any moment two of the dispei^orn Ol j>>->
tice in the Police Courts would tOBM to
blows.
Judge Campbell and Judge low tmva
not been oa friendly terms for a lung tlmo
and the bad feeling between llicui luis
been intensified within tho pttst two Of
three days by Judge Low nfttstog to
recognize a bond accepted by Judge Camp*
bell in the case of Thomas Kackie (»lini
Costigan) and Frank Smith, charged with
grand larceny, and by an article that ap
peared in the Cnroniclo yesterday morn
ing in connection with John Drachbar
(alias Frank Bonner), which redacted
upon Judge Campbell.
When the two Judges met in the cor
ridor after their courts had adjourned
yesterday, Judge Campbell chargeu Judgu
Low with instigating the article in the
Cnronicle, and Judge Low retorted by
telling him to mind his own business and
not to interfere with cases in his court.
The controversy became warm, and At
torney Ben Napthaly added fuel to the
flames by making a personal remark about
Judge Low. Finally the two angry jurists
parted and no blood was shed.
An aftermath of the quarrel happened in
Judge Joacuimsen's court. Attorney Clar
ence Gray rose to a question of privilege
and told Judge Joacbimsen that Napthaly
bad grossly insuited Judge Low and as
Napthaiy was not an officer of the court
he should not be permitted to plead in
the court.
Jubt then a case in which Napthaiy was
attorney for the defendant was called.
Napthaiy came into court and the Judge
told him he could not practice in the
court.
Napthaiy was indignant. He denied
that be was not an otticer and said that
h.s attorneys, Judges Maguire and Car
roll Cook, had advised mm that his dis
barment by the Superior Coart was illegal
and would be set aside by the Supreme
Court.
Clarence Gray said he could prove his
assertion and would submit an affidavit
showing by the records that he was right.
Napthaiy turned his wrath upon Gray
and there was a scene of the wildest ex
citement. "Murderer" and "liar" were the
words mat were bandied between the two
angry attorneys and finally the Judge or
dered Sergeant Duncan to place the two
attorneys under arrest. Then there was
quietness and me Judge ordered Nartha y
to leave the court, telling Sergeant Dunf
can to arrest him if he appeared asa:n. .
Napthaly left the court mmterinc to
himseii, but when he got to the door he
turned round and hurled a parting *hot at
Gray. Then Gray, with uplifted can*,
made a rush for the door, followed by the
sergeant, but Napthaly n«ul disappeared'
Latk arrival— Royal purple serge suits,
liiitid th.roughout.onl/ JJ.., at City ol Tan*.*
A PRIVATE'S GALLANTRY.
Scirgennt l>el»nejr Uruvrly Kcscutul
I- r ii m .•» Svrtoii* Mtiißtlon.
Last Tuesday Serseant 0, J. lVi.iiwv,
Battery D. Third Artillery, Angoi Isl
and, met with a very serious accident
vvnile oat tishlnc. In some manner ho
slipped and fell over the v'lifT into the
water below, a distance of over iitty feeL
In falling he struck against the rock..-,
with terrible force, breaKlng his leg in
two places, just above and below lht»
knoe, Injurtns the left knee cap and badly
tractariot the skull.
Notwithstanding his injuries, he mau>
aged to roach a rock and hola hitnxelf up
until Trivate William J. Koller, Battery
I>. Thira Artillery, w. o witnessed the
accident, swam out and wiih great tffuria
succeeded in keeping the sergeant above
water until the boat crew could be sum
moned, when they landed him safely aud
took him to the hospital.
It is generally considered that Koller is
deserviug of recognition from the Govern
ment. < T. <**
—•—• —
jv.wKi.nv *tore. 5 aud 7 Third street, romovpj to
303 Kearny street.
•—*—»
Concert of Sacred Music.
A concert of sacred music will be given (it
the Young Men's Christian Association Audi
torium, Mason and Ellis streets, to-day at a
o'clock, by the Knickerbocker Quartet, as
sisted by other leading talent. The pro-
Kramnie will consist of sacrea music ouly. In
quartets, solos and duets, and promises to be
most enjoyable. Service free to the public,
both ladies and gentlemen.
NEW TO-PAT— DRT , QOggV^^^^^^.^^.
PRINTED
DRESS
FABRICS!
We take pleasure in announcing: the
■rrlVAl Of 85 cases NEW WASH DRESS
(H)OI)S. The assortment includes:
French Printed Organdies, French
Printed Challies, Irish Printed Dimities,
I : rench Printed Sateens, French Printed
Jaconets, Printed Tailor-made Suitings,
Japanese Crepes, Printed Etamines,
Printed Mulls, Printed Percales, Scotch
and English Cheviots and Madras
Cloths.
We have also opened this week 150
dozen LADIES' SHIRT WAISTS, in all
the NEW STYLES for spring and
summer wear. These waists are in
Lawns, Percales, Mulls, Organdies,
Grass Linen and Etamines.
We invite our City Patrons to inspect the above
goods at their earliest opportunity.
TELEPHONE GRANT 124.
18 92* K.^»^TtL
111. 113, 115. 117, 119, 121 POST STREET.
- '
MCW TtVX»AT. x ew TO-DAY.
PRICES ALWAYS THE UffIYST. jgliiite^ |fll|K7Frl
in; ALWAYS liUi FW£SV. «|W£a LUdlOLLlij
He rkilltise C«nMri«»i *a Ow J^S^ft 133 ° MarketSL,
>' w : st^'«/V Opposite Seventh.
STYLES quality; Ws&%m piiTnilTrp
PRICES VARIETIES X<il^^\ Li] HA Ld
Largeat atook of Low anrt j ox
Mtxilvtiu Prioect Qoocta on
th* PMtn« comi OKI 68, niniEKl,
Stoves, VurDitur^ Sill C»m NTMT lOlCllffl, RUBBER GOODS.
IUfM. Cinilt, (Vuiiters. TOILET IRTIOES,
Blankets, Ihml.liiu. IVsks. niRWUBAJI LIQUORS.
Comforts, liattiugs. Burs. HIGH-GRADE CIGIRS.
™
WE HAVE 2ACRES OF FLOOR SPACE. ; DO YOU SMOKE?
WoVo K-c.uiv r\>r Dusinoss. Jt'g Expensive, But Here's a Snap:
txiSll OH hAS\ iniMß iTOI^TS. laKosa IVAfi tarn cn;u,i 03
Banctiez it H.ira. 12V«c size cut to 100
]•) Telegrapho. Ul^caiu catiolOa
J"VT/ — -\s — \TKT /V "IVT | Oener»l Arthur. iOc straight cnt to 3 for _'33
.JLNJ V- rf /V« — /JL>J -&2 L. J LNI , General Bumslde, 10c s:rai?h: cut to 3 for-_'sa
«017-uuv-ii»:i. him M1. .10n Street. ' «««?: W-^f^" cntiogforSia
MtUM.H-ftvuWJ Mli.na Street. Kla ** bC^^ cut to o for ,^
rhW, JmttS!" SU '''.>.n Evening,. RETAIL AT WHOLESALE PRICES.
'■•'. »■...,■• • it
A Health Preserver
imp^NsTAßuTEsl '
t ~~~~ i 1,,, L ;..;.;.!, ■■■■■in?
The Tabules are a compact, convenient, accurate form of a prescription
universally used by physician* in treating dleestive troubles. The exact
formula from which RIMM Tabules are tu.n%is in daily use in the great-
est hospitals in the world, where the highest medical skill recognizes it as
the best preparation evrr devised (or derangements of the stomach, liver
and bowels. It thrs<« organs QM be kept healthy and active there is little
• danger of serious sickness. Almost PVr ty illness is traceable directly to
indigestion .ml its MOOmpwiyh^ disorders. Ripans Tabules stimulate '
the stomach, itop in nirt!r^tu>n and make digestion easy and rapid. They
stir up the Hver nml help it to perform its functions. They cure constipa-
tion and strengthen anc invigorate the bowels so that their natural action
is restored. One Tabule is a dose. The frequency of the dose is regu-
lated by tho apparent need.
1HOBBIES OF UNCLE SAM'S MARTIAL SONS WHO GUARD THE GOLDEN GOLDEN
\iY\fj SURVEY of the clal directory i
' fiLIA- oi the army reveals tbe names
jf^ijf of many gentlemen who, while
.holding positions of the martial sort in
%hs service of their country, have, at the
same time, become distinguished in lines
• .and avennea wholly separate and alien to
t!:eir profes>ions as devotees at the shrine
cf Mars.
They are officers of the army of an iin
• usually active or studious bent, who have
•employed the large margin of their time
which is left to them as leisure by their
CAPTAIN HUMPHRIES IS A MASTER OF MAGIC.
duties, in following the trend of sorue
strong and peculiar native taste which
they indulged as a pastime.
Primarily these gentlemen are all edu
cated, cultured. They nave 6pent years
at schools in which the curriculum* were
varied to present to their minds almost
every department of human thought or
learning, and they therefore have foot
prints in all fields. In some lines tney
are adepts, in some they retain only a
smattering of past absorptions; but their
Lieutenant-Colonel Middleton, Pianist.
p.dmissions into such arenas of thought
have been ample for their introduction.
Accordingly, therefore, if such a man
has a powerful predisposition toward any
scien.ce or art he is iikely to manifest that
preference or adaptability in his college
driys.' It may be swamped and sunken by
those heavier studies commanded by the
scheme of '.uiiion, out once the candidate
for army honors is landed upon the offi
cial roster, and leisure and respite from
the severe exercises of the sci. elastic course
IN MECHANICS, LIEUTENANT-COLONEL GREEN IS RIPE.
(begin to expand about him, then the na
tive instinct to do thus and thus rises np
out of its Bwamp prison, broadly blossoms
its colors exhales its odors and is to that
man forever a thing of beauty and re
freshment.
The circumstance, too, of the hobby of
=," : the officer being the thing which his soul
•loves, and the season of his leisure often
being a period equal to that of his duty,
it occurs that he withdraws himself
wnolly from the foibles and frivolities of
Some of j~kem Distinguish Themselves ir\ Av>er\ues arvd Lrirves That /\re /\lier\ to [heir
pVofessiorx of Arms — Devotees of Music, Art ar\d Science.
life and drives at his hobby until it comes
to drive him; it ceases to be his incident
occupation in life, but is nis primary one.
Though he never ext>ose9 his estimation
oJ the business, yet in his inner feelings
his profession of arms has dwarfed into
insignificance and the real thing in life is
the hobby, risen to enwrap the man, to
make him an expression of it, not as an
embodiment of militarism as he was
started in his life path to become.
Thus it occurs that under the blue coat
and the epaulettes walks the actor or the
artist. To the world they are lieutenant
this and captain that; but to nature and
their own their own deep selves one is an
expressionist of dramatic force, the other
mirrors his surroundings with the brush
and canvas.
Of course it can be accounted that where
a man comes to be great in some line
which is in a manner incident to the
business of war that he is pushing some
thing definitely within the scope of his
profession. The zone of industry em
braced by the material needs of the army
i* so wide that studies which a tew years
ago would have been regarded as dilettant
ism and properly categoried as hobbies
are now within the recognized sphere of
military practice. Indeed, there are occu
pations which primarily were actually in
dulced as hobbies, which the expanding
embrace of the military profession has !
<=ince inclosed and they stand to-day as :
regular departments of the service.
When Lieutenant G. O. Squi6r, Third
Artillery, began delving into electricity he
did not perceive that such would in a
short while be an apnropriate arm of
military mechanics; but such soon came
to pass, and when he invented a device
for measuring high velocities of projec
tiles, both inside and outside the guns, by
means of polarized light he was recognized
as more of an inventor than a soldier. It
j was through Captain John Miilis of the
j Engineer Corps diverting his off moments
with electrical machines that he came to
conceive the idea of lighting the Bartholdi
statue in the New YorK harbor, and it was
through his penchant for delving into the
conduct of the mysterious physical fluid
that he wa* put on the Lighthouse Board,
where he still is.
Captain J. M. Ingalls is a great genius
in mathematics; the mobility of his brain
fibers fairly weeps with figures, like dollar
marks in the dreams of a pawnbroker.
His delight used to be to figure out the
transit of Venus and to indulge in long
and involved correspondence with noted
professors of mathematics over intricate
problems in that science. Under the sol
dier's cloak of the man stalked the
Archimedes, no more fitted by nature to
be a military shooter and siabber than
was the ancient Syracusan. But a con
genial place was found for him at Fortress
Monroe as instructor of ballistics, tbroueh
which he can lock beads with his students
in calculating the degrees of tie arc made
by the howitzer bomb when discharged at
a certain angle, impelled by the burning
of so many grains of powder.
Then there is Coonel James Moore,
assistant quartermaster-general, a new
arrival in this department. Coionel Moor»
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 7, 1897.
is creat on anatomy of the noree. Nature '
intended him for a veterinary
He is charmed by the hind knuckle of a
mare when the hinge shows deiormities
which impair its lubricity, and on* uch a
survey his mind becomes peppered with
the rising bubbles of like reported cases.
The articulation of the equine, his mus
cles, his osseous tissue and his nerve fila
ments have so long saturated the mental
ity of Colonel Moore that he has teased
meditating short cuts of moving on the
enemy, but has gone into the quartermas
ter's department, where he sees to it that
the cavairymen are well horsed.
And what with Captain E. L. Zalinsky
and his dynamite gun, Lieutenant Frank
Green of this department whose strong
mechanical turn has made him signal offi
cer, and Lieutenant J. P. Finlay, whose
explorations of the domain of meteorology
placed him in charge of the Weather
Bureau at San Francisco, and whose dis
covery of the fact that the tornado always
rises in the southeast quadrant of the bar*
ometric low made him a member of the
French Academy, what with all these, I
say, riding into distinguished billets on
the backs of their much petted hobbies,
what then are we going to do with the
poet, the musical composer, the pianist,
the tragedian, the magician, the biblio
phile and the geologist? for surely that
science which tends 10 the perfection of
methods and means for simultaneously
destroying large numbers of human be
ings has no use for these arts which
flourish strongest in the weakest of the
piping times of peace.
Yet the fact that the wing of the service
Major Darling's Musical Soul.
has not unfolded so far as to caress with
its down the cheeks of these students
should not detract from the grandeur of
the arts they engage in or the glory they
have attained in their devotions to them.
What schoolgirl has not read the novels
of Captain Charles King, or what San
Francisco young miss has not entertained
FIELD FARINGS IN FEBRUARY
Tke Naturalist at Large Muses or\ tke JMystery of the Blessed
Seedtime Season
T.yT.vNTIL this year I had always sup
-1 «^l& posed thai the butterflies were
|LLJ;^ creatures of a single season, livine
their brief, happy summer and pass-ing
away with the- falling leaves before the
autumn rains. I find tbat in California,
at least, this is not the case. Our butter
flies, or at any rate some varieties of them,
seem to spend the rainy season in a sort
of torpor, perched with folded wines, in
safe crannies, out of reach of wind and
storm, waiting till the clouds roll by and
brighter days come. One such patient
waiter I have noted daily for three months
past in a corner behind a door, and I am
sure he has not stirred during all these
weeks. He will wave a languid wing or
move a foot if molested, but these are
all the signs of life he gives. Another
has been spending the winter ju«t inside
the edge of a yellow-hammer's abandoned
hole, and one rested lor* a matter of two
months or more on my window ledge, but
flew away one sunny day recently, and
to-day a handsome gold and brown fellow
took flight from under tne eaves of the
shed roof and fluttered away to where the
wild currant is blossoming yonder by tne
stream.
This probably explains the presence of
butterflies In the winter fields. They are
not new-comers, but old inhabitants, sun-
ning themselves on warm noondays. I
have counted a dozen within the last
hour fluttering about among the mustard
and cress. A little spring salad does not
come amiss with them any more than it
does with us.
It is surprising, the number of insects
to be noticed about during the winter
months. A goldfinch has been traveling
up and down the trunk of yonder big tree
for the last fifteen minutes searching the
crevices for something which he evidently
finds, if one may judge from his frequent
jittle pecks and darts at the rough bark,
and a dragon-fly i& skimming about on
the surface of the pool yonder. I have
seen no ants as yet, but a big bumble-bee
just went blundering by, and the honey
bees are already improving the shining
hour among the swamp - willows. This
has been a comfortable winter for the
bees, but I lancy they are tired enough of
honey at present, and are glad to get
some fre?h bread again. They find this
in the yellow pollen of the willow catkins,
and devour it eagerly. There is not very
much of it as yet, but a fortnicht hence
the ground will be strewn with the yellow
powder, and a little later the air will be
full of the willow's winged seeds sailing
off to who knows what fair bourn? The
airy, fairy things may travel out through
the Golden Gate and reach the isles of the
South sea. Or they may never come to
port at all. It is iust because of this ex
treme hazard of fortunes that the willow
and other wind-fertilized plants produce
such myriads of seed. Millions come to
naught, but there are plenty, even after
the bees have eaten their till of yellow
bread.
The bees here by the streamside need
fresh bread for they have had a hard
winter, despite favorable conditions.
They swarmed late in the season and found
her Sunaay-night beaux with song and
music from the compositions of Major
John A. Darling of the Third Artillery,
who has recently taken a brief leave of
the Presidio to seek health in the East?
The carol of song breaks out through the
brass- bound blue and the welling soul of
the songster drowns the fierce guttural of
the man of blood.
Haric! the sepulchral tones: "I am thy
father's spirit; doomed for a certain term
to walk the night" — and thus in amateur
theatricals used Captain Butler Price to
recite the part of Hamlet's ghost while
Lester Wailack, sitting in the audience,
greeted his closing sentences with the ap
plause of a critic who knew when the
ghost was well performed. Wailack
many times urged Captain Price to take
the stage and Fanny Kemble was anxious
to star with him, but the captain steadily
refused to leave the army, and though ha
is still the actor that nature made him,
yet he never quitted tbe ranks of the
amateur.
The same remarks are applicable to
Captain Charles Humphries of Angel
Island, the magician who knows and does
all the tricks that Herrmann knew, con
cerning whom the Sunday Call had an
account in its issue of January 17. Captain
Humphries, as did Captain Price, ex
periences the fact that however great may
be an actor's merit, the world does not come
to know it so long as he remains an
amateur, and he cannot elevate his hobby
into a profession and sustain himself in
the army.
Then what has brazen cannon and the
weighty caisson, in Bhort, what has ord
nance anyway to do with poetry? Yet,
Captain W. B. Gordon, ordnance Btaff
officer at West Point, writes the most
charming verse; romantic pentameters,
iambic idyls, the poetry of love with its
soft airs breathing perfume through the
melody of words, the artist in language
expressing the sentiments or the passions
of the soul, the delights of the mind; and
outside his window the armed sentry
moves his measured pace around mounds
of cannon bails and big-bellied howitzers
yawn their wide mouths, there, if need be,
to beich out fire ana thunder.
And while Captain Gordon is writing
poetry, aud Lieutenant Wise of the Ninth
Infantry is being hauled aloft "messen
ger"-like on tbe cord of his tandem kites,
whereby he demonstrates that a combina
tion of box-kites can be flown which will
support the weight of an observer in'mid
air, and while Lieutenant-Colonel Taeo
dore A. Dodge is writing an extension to
his hi-tory of Gustavus Adolphus, the
neiehborsof Lieutenant-Colonel J. V. Mid
dleton, physician-surgeon of the Depart
ment of California, are listening to an
opus of Beetnoven which ascends from
the windows of the colonel's house. The
nimble fingers of the military physician
are dett upon the ivories of the upright,
and the staccatos, thecrescendos and pian
issimos, punctuate and swell and modu
late beneath the touch of one of the most
exquisite performers upon the coast, per
haps within the country.
But what local lover of science did not
no better abiding place than the empty
box over there. They had to build from
the ground up, so to speak, but they set
to work with a will, and when, the other
day, I pried off a side of the box and took
a peep at the contents, I found it solidly
filled with snowy, delicate sheets of comb
in which was yet scarcely any honey. It
was a fascinating sight, but a worker bee
came out to inquire my business, and I
denned it best to retire.
February is a beautiful month to be
afield in. One gets so much of the be
ginning of things. It seems to me that a
loaf of bread can never be a prosaic thing
to him who has walked the February
fields. There is such marvelous beauty in
the brown, upturned earth, with its deep
furrows where the tender green blades are
already pushing sunward. Along the
edges and iv warm corners poppies and
buttercups are smiling. Blackbirds
whistle from the fencetops and the meadow
larks sing on the ridges and in the furrows.
Possibly they pull a few blades of grain,
though they are after bugs and worms
rather than the young wheat and barley,
but they do enough good as insect-de
stroyers to pay for them, and when your
bread tastes unusually sweet and its
lightness lifts the heart, be sure it is be
cause somehow the songs of the birds got
into the growing of it, and. so ripened and
mellowed with it that the clangor and
crushing of the mill and the kneading of
the dough only served to incorporate it
still more closely in the crust and crumb
of the loaf. That thought ought to make
it the bread of thankfulness indeed.
There is more than the sweetness of
song in your loaf of bread. The blue sky,
the brown earth, the tender rain, the
whispering south wind, the honest human
toil that brought it to perfection have all
gone into it to make it "bread, which
strengthened man's life and is therefore
called the staff of life." They are more
than bread — they are words that proceed
from the Father of all, by which, and not
by bread alone, man liveth.
But February brings other beauties than
those of the open field. Just over the
brow of the hill, where the brown upland
meets the skyline, the land dips suddenly
Into a deep canyon. Half a dozen paces
away from the sunny field and we are
walking in the semi-darkness of the red
wood and laurel shades. The wild straw
berry is in blossom along the edge of the
wood, and the huckleberry bushes are tip
ping out in the exquisite pink and saffron
and rosecoior of their new growth. The
madrono trees are budding and the twisted
manzanitas are a mass of bloom. The
edge of the woods is the place of all others
to find the wild creatures of nature.
Within the canyon the air is chill, and
herbage, seeds and insects are scarce, so
the quail and rabbits and small birds flit
and creep about the open, ready to seek
covert at the approach of danger.
Half a dozen ground robins are scratch
ing about in the open. No Central Cali
fornian landscape would be complete
without this plain, little, brown bird some
where in view. He is a silent creature the
greater part or the year, with only a single
feel a loss as of the passing of a brother
when Captain Anthony Wayne Vogdes,
long stationed at Fort Mason, a few weeks
ago folded his tent and silently moved
away to take a position at some Eastern
rendezvous In obedience to some relent
less order which took no account of tbe
welfare of California science' The captain
is a geologist and a bibliophile; and pro
ducts of his learned labors in a volume of
bibliography of paleozoic Crustacea now
ornament the shelves of the California
Academy of Sciences.
The specialty in geology of the captain,
however, was the trilobite. the earliest
form of invertebrates which appears in
the silurian rocks. The captain made a
profound study of this crab, and great was
his joy upon occasion at finding that his
loved California had given up a most per
fect specimen of this fossil. It was found
(by the captain, I think) in one of the in
terior counties and was of all his collec
tion the most rare and valuable. The
erudite papers which the captain wrote
upon this trilobite and others of the
species are among the most important
contributions of which the academy can
boast in its department of paleontology.
By Captain Vogdes books were held in
something of the same esteem as are
penis by the lapidary. His library was
scientific and in its lines exhaustive. He
had the most important collection of
United States scientific reports known to
exist outside the Government library, and
his tireless prowl over the interiors of
every second-hand book store in San
Francisco had made him thoroughly
Lieutenant Nolen, Football Crank.
familiar with the resources of those estab
lishments in direction of his tastes. The
captain also wrote many pamphlets on
mineralogy, and this bureau of the State
government has reason to be thankful for
the numerous contributions which he
made to its literary advancement.
cry — "towh cc" — from which he gets his
name, "brown towhee," but very early in
the season the male bird has a short,
rather feeble, but sweet song with which
he wooes his lady. But the towhee, for all
bis plain garb, is a lovable bird and a
thorough-gome little gentleman, which is
more than can be always said of his more
popular cousin, the robin of song and
story. It is pleasant to note the courteous
manners of the ground robin in a mixed
company of birds. He is polite even to
the English sparrow, and I have seen him
make way for a young one of that tribe
where all have been scratching among the
loose hay about a barndoor.
He ia an engaging little head of the
house during nesting time, too, and grows
quite thin and careworn attending to the
wants of the family. The pair set up
housekeeping early in the year, usually in
the low bushes, lupin, southernwood,
greasewood and manzanita that cover
these hills, and raise two, sometimes three
broods during the summer. The ground
robin is a cheerful chap, despite his sober
dress, and no weather seems too wet or
too windy for him to venture forth. On days
when all the other birds sit disconsolately
huddled under leafy shelter, the towhees
may be seen, happy as larks, cheerily
flitting about, stopping now and then to
give their brown feathers a shake.
The American robin (Merula migratoria)
is unusually numerous hereabouts this
spring. They always sing during the
rainy weather, and tho air has been melo
dious with their notes during the past
week. The foj:s, too, have begun their
annual epithalamium — a not unpleasant
sound at a little distance, and I heard a
house wren singing yesterday, though I
could not get sight of the little fellow.
Across the furrows of the plowed field
below me a thousand spider-webs gleam,
diamond-studded by drops of moisture,
as though a jeweled canopy had been
spread for some fairy fete. It is wonder
ful how these gossamer webs withstand
the rain. The larks make sad rents in
them now as they brush through its
lacy meshes, stopping every now and
then to bring some lacemaker'B work to
an untimely end. The keen fragrance ot
the upturned ear f b, soaked in the soft,
large February rains, assails the nostrils
pleasantly. There is a hush and a mys
tery over the bare Drown fields, where
the seeds of the coming crop lie, passing
stilly from death unto life. Mother Earth
it is indeed at this time, guarding her
treasure in the brooding, nourishing
warmth of the eternal feminine.
To be afield in February is to come very
near to the heart of things, and the expe
rience is wholesome and refresbing. Our
little brown neighbors out in the Pacific
Ocean have days of the year set apart
when the whole population goes out to
see the fruit trees abloom. This is a cus
tom we would do well to imitate, but bet
ter yet for us, if we ever arrive at the full
ness of seeing that which will send us to
Mother Nature in her earliest time of
promise, "to make our souls," and learn
of nor in the blessed seedtime season.
Adeline Knapp.
But happy may be those artisans of
mind who can enjoy the gentle ambling of
their hobbies and yet experience the rise
cf no thoughts bringing them into con
flict with the uses or existence of the ser
vice. It was not so with Lieutenant
AS HAMLET'S GHOST, CAPTAIN BUTLER PRICE IS IMMENSE.
Joseph R. Binns of the First Infantry.
He went into political economy, and im
mediately he became submerged in deep
water. In that study, instead of serene
prospects as charm the eyes of his
brother officers from the saddles of their
several steeds, he saw everything awry;
civilization trending backward into the
beast; the country going to the do^s; the
army to be made the instrument to oppress
the masses under the rough-shod heel of
tyranny. Lieutenant Binns consulted his
conscience; he would not lend his.
eiforts to subvert Human liberty; the
Sacramento riots had shown him
how the thing was going; he was
present with his company on the side
of force in that scrimmage; his books and
theories bad shaped the condition in his
mind, the instance of the riots but fitied
the condition as he perceived it. The
President smirkingly accepted the resig
nation which the lieutenant tendered,
| and the only political economist which
the army had ever known, in sullen re
fusal, in statuesque pose of patriotism,
had cut the service.
But brain alone has not claimed ail the
hobby riders among the officers of the
army. Brawn as well as brain is not
without its distinguished representatives.
Second Lieutenant Nolan, First Infantry,
now at the Presidio, had a long record as
a football player at West Point, and in
the game which was played here recently
with the Olympics he surprised the na
tives with his aggressive puntine of the
pigskin. It was he who maneuvered on
the left when a military picked eleven re
cently played the Berkeleyites.
Lieutenant R. C. Croxton, also of the
Presidio, does not himself very actively ex
ercise as an athlete, but he is sage and wily
as an athletic manager. He knows all
about the handling oi athletic exhibitions,
is familiar with the methods of manage"s,
witn the terms, the tricks and favors, is
eminent in such business. At Benicia he
lately engineered the first fistic encounter
between soidiers which has ever taken
place in the army. It was pitched in a
twenty-four-foot ting and it was a four
round affair. In that bout Peters of Com
pany B worsted Ramsey of Company C in
CAPTAIN ROGERS, BOOK-LOVER AND GEOLOGIST.
the third round. It was a mill which
would have done good the heart of Captain
Charles D. Collins, in charge of small arms
practice, now of Denver, late of Los
Angeles, where he was on the staff at the
headquarters of the Department of Ari
zona.
The captain is handy with the stuffed
gloves and nimble and spry upon his
pins. He punches the bag daily and is
always ready for a round with any man
of his class, of which, unfortunately or
otherwise, there are very lew. It has
been the policy of the service to encourage
athletic exercises among the men for the
benefit it affords in the development of
their muscles and of their physical
strength ac soldiers, and with the ath
letics of ttfe Presidio under the direction
of two gentlemen wita sued taste for
and skill therein as have Lieuten
ants Croxton and Nolan it may be ex
pected the games of this post will be
broueht up to a high grade of excellence.
"But after all," remarked Lieutenant
Reynold Landis, aid-de-camp of Gen
eral Green, "the day of the hobby
in the army is about done. The
introduction into the service of new
sciences and the development and ex
tension of old one?, together with intri-
cate and enormously expensive machinery,
has so increased and is increasing the
labors of the officers that they will shortly
land* a demand by their duties for all of
their time, and they will then have to
refrain from indulging their crotchets ex
cept they choose to do so at night, ana
then most men, tired wieh their day's
toil, will prefer a good pipe, an agreeable
book or newsy paper, to muddling tneir
Lieutenant Croxton, Athletic Manager.
minds over some involved problem |of
science or some delicate touch of art."
John E. Bennett.
Kirvdlvj but pompous.
General Jobn Meredith Read, who died
the '27th in Paris, wa3 a kindly man,
althoueh his pomposity was gigantic
and he might well have adorned Thack
eray's gallery of snobs. When he lived in
Albany, he gave a reception to Professor
Goldwin Smith. Tie late Paul Cooper, a
son of the novelist, was present and was
asked late in the evening to take one more
glasi of a peculiarly agreeable punch.
'•No," said Squire Cooper, "I think I have
had enough. lam beginning to admire
Goldwin Smith. If I took another glass
I am airaid I should like Meredith Read."
It was General Rt-ad who provoked an
excruciatingly funny editorial article by
Alden in the New York Times, in which
Read's servant announced that several
kings were downstairs waiting for him.
"Do they brine letters of introduction?"
was Reaa'a reply. Yet in spite of his
whims and foibles and preposterous vanity,
he was a roan of some ability, and he did
many generous dee.ls.— Boston Journal.
800 pairs registered blacic ladies' double
knee, heel and toe hose, 75c a pair, at City
of Paris. •
1718
A NINETEEN CENTURY PAINTER WHO RANKS WITH THE OLD MASTERS
CIBLO opeak disparagingly of modern
art is tbe sit-n of the mpst superior
jlj^ intelligence; to sigh and snake the
head and murmur that the race of giants
is extinct is to bring proof positive that
Philis.inism may not claim you for its
own. This peint of view has distinct ad
vantages. 1' permits of no argument and
limits the expectations. The unruly
genius may start in u\ on his career with
discreet dreams of painting as nearly like
or as much unlike Velasquez, or Monet,
or Vandyke, or Titian, or Manet as pos
sible if only be impress into his work "the
modern spirit." Heaven knows what that
spirit may be, but the genius of to-day
must not hope for popularity without it.
There are Dutch master-, a few centuries
behind us, who painted little light spark
ling landscapes that were as vividly real
istic as tho-e of the aiost ardent impres
sionist of the day; and there are some
Pompeiian wall decorations that might
have been signed by Puvis de Chavannes
— gray, flat surfaces, wim delicate figures
in pale harmonies of color. Were they to
be exhibited to-day, with their touches of
archaic drawing, connoisseurs would shed
tears of joy and tbe tiresome word "mod
ernity" would figure :n every criticism.
Mr. Watts is not modern. It takes
courage to confess it, and still more, to add
that it is a great relief that he is not. It
is rather a vague statement to make, after
a confession of ignorance as to what is
meant by the te rm, but it is the one thing
to be sure of, Watts is no more modern
than Homer.
To collect the works of ono artist is to
submit them to a crucial test —either his
pictures are immeasurably improved by
the contact with each other or they be
come inexpressibly monotonous. It oc
curred to me to wonder whether any
living artist could stand the test so well.
Imagine the suicidal effect of seeing fifty
Alma Tademas in one collection, fifty
rose-wrea:hed Roman maidens in fifty
pomrously decorated marble interiors.
Pass even into the correct and chill at
mosphere exhnled by the pictures of the
great draughtsman. Sir Frederick Leigh
ton, at present exhibited at the Royal
Academy, and note the contrast. In
some of the technical questions Sir Fred
erick is easily the master, but his great,
admirably composed pictures are lifeless
and flat compared to the calm, tull
blooded, magnificently alive conceptions
at the new gallery.
It is only after seeing these three great
rooms full of pictures; alter seeing the
painter's studio at Little Holland House,
full of sketches and studies for portraits,
that any correct idea of what this one
man has accomplished in one lifetime
may be arrived at.
It becomes more and more evident that
the secret of his wonderful power iies in
SCIENGE WILL NOW WATCH FOR EARTHQUAKES ALL OVER THE WORLD
|£S|<ROFESSOR JOHN MILNE, the
■J"r V eminent seismologist, has set afoot
A[^^ a project to establish earthquake
stations all over the world. Here is the
hrst news ot this important movement.
Professor Milne has for years been the
greatest earthquake authority in the
world. He has devoted- his life to the
study of them, and wherever earthquakes
are common his name is known. He can
tell you when the earth is quaking in
Peru and predicts the occurrences of them
in the Orient sometimes days ahead. He
has invented machines which show ju*t
how the earth moves at such times and
the effect on every variety of structures.
Scientific results of great moment are
expected of Professor Milne's plan when
it becomes operative. Commercially it is
of the greatest importance. For the first
time, it now seems probable, •will accurate,
reliable and valuable observations ol
seismic shocks, pulsations and earth
tiliinss be properly recorded. They will
also be preserved and so promptly trans
mitted from the scenes of tne seismic
manifestations that the news may serve
eisewnere as a waruipg of possible im
pending danger. Such news thus
promtly furnished will also greatly en
hance the value of relief measures for
earthquake sufferers.
Professor Milne is the most distin
guished of modern scientists who have de
voted much time to the study of earth
quakes and their apparent causes. His
book, "Earthquake^," is accepted as an
authority. While much literature is ex
tant, extending back to the ancients,
which contains a vast amount of inci
dental earthquake lore, Professor Milne
has lightly waved aside some of the fanci
ful theories of the speculators. Recogniz
ing the value of hard facts properly gath
ered, he seeks to have the Civilized Gov
ernments, commercial interests aud scien
tists combine in securing data which
cannot fail to prove of inestimable benefit.
Professor Milne has especially studied
seismology in Japan, and more light in
recent yea r s has probably been tnrown
upon earthquakes from -tuat volcanic and
progressive land of a new civilization
than from any one or several other sources.
The maritime interests are naturally as
much concerned and interested in this
scientific project of the scientist aa any
other. The merchant marine and even the
navies ol the world hare Buffered from the
tidal waves which have been sequences of
earthquakes or at least connected with
their causes in the minds of thinking
men. Civilized Qovernments expend enor
mous sums charting tne currents, reefs
and obstruction to clear navigation in
their ocean and inland waters, and gener
ously provide /or astronomcal and met
eorological observations and records. The
aggregate cost required for Professor
Milne's entire plan is so infinitely small
compared with that sum which is ex
pended by private enterprises on astron
omy alone that there is small doubt that
his hopes will speedily be fully realized.
The modern necromancer of science,
electricity, will play a strong secondary
part in this scheme to keep a constant
survey of the earth's surface for signs of
approaching sbocfcs. In his argument for
the adoption of his plan Professor Milne
includes the interesting element of en
abling newspapers to be assured of the
veracity oi news of earthquakes as far
away perhaps as in the antipodes.
On July 6 and September 8, 1896, ac
counts of eari hquakes in Kobe were pub
lished in the London newspapers. These
earthquakes originated in Japan, but were
recorded sixteen minutes later in tne Isle
of Wight Ii waa proved in one of these
records that there hau been an error in
telogiaphic transmission to the news
papers of two days. Another record ga7e
an accurate account of the catastrophe,
the details of which were not Known until
the arrival of correspondence in the mails
three weeks later.
The seismographs in the observatory
Qeorge Frederick Watts of the British Povjal Academy, ar\d the J\rt Lesson to Be Learned at His Studio ir\
Little Holiar\d jiouse
the fact of his immediate recognition of
the force of his technique and its limita
tions. He was never tempted into futile
experiments outside of his own fields of
labor. There are greater draughtsmen
and greater painters, but few greater art
ists — for he has been abe to carry out his
intentions and has given his ideas a form
so nob c that it is impossible to quarrel
with details. There ia only one instance
of a giant having been slain with a slung-
shot As a rule the slungshot is sacred to
savage email boys and critics with an
equally savage and destructive ideal.
If Watts' technique, as such, is not in
any way remarkable it is always ample
and satisfying. He is neither a miser nor
a spendtnriit; there is never a touch of
bravado; there is never a not* of insincer
ity. It has one unusual quality — its abso
lute serenity; these Titanic fi ures, Death
and Hope and Life and Faith, might be
Greek gods and goddesses, if they were
Professor John JMilne, the Eminent Seismologist, Organizing an Earthquake Surrey of the Qlobe — Important
Results /ire Gertain— Valuable Warnings Will Be Qi^en
on the Isle of Wight sometimes have not
recorded anything, although the cables
and tne wires have vouo.he I for brief ac
counts which were double-leaded and
capped with big head-lines by cable ed
itors of newspaper*, of earthquakes in the
East. RecolJec:ion of such episodes have
tempted British journalists to rail at the
seismographs. Subsequent information
to first news of this character proved the
earthquake stories to be purely imaginary
or based on earth tremors too iniiiuiesi-
THE DELICATE SEISMOGRAPH RECORDING A TREMOR IN AN EARTHQUAKE STATION.
mal to be worthy tho steel of the ob
serving scientists, and that they were
Drobably unnoticed by more than one
man out of a hundred.
In one such instance particularly— a re
cently reported disaster in Kobe — the
telegraphic reports greatly exaggerated
the seismic effects regardless of the alarm
inspired in the mind of the many Enjlisn
people who had relatives or friends in the
districts affected.
flow many earthquake observation
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY T, 1897.
not all sublimely human and nearly all
inevitably tragic. In that, perhaps, they
are modern; tie gods know no Welt
schmerz.
It is with a curious feeling of disappoint
ment that we look around tbe first room
and see only portrait* and a few large al
legorical subjects. At the first giance the
portrait-! seem to have a very great >imi
larity; tbe lighting is almost invariably the
same — a simple studio light wiih sharp
shadows modeling the features. Tne color
in the head is generally full and rich, the
whites subdued with glares of green and
i brown, the backgrounds and coats painted
I apparently .viih a very large brush, full of
an indefinite grayish brown color. The
large pictures, as a whole, seem to run to
I bronze-brown and silvery white figures,
i with tde occasional use cf deep and radi
ant blue that gives to the smallest pic
tures of Tintoretto and Veronese a certain
I indescribable depth and beauty.
stations will be allotted to the North
American continent Professor Milne
has not specifically stated. It is
probable that the United States will
embrace within iis boun aries at
least half a dozen. Likely points
are "Washington, J». C.J New York City,
St. Louis, Wo.; New Orleans, Ln. ; <Ja
veston, fez.; San Francisco, Cal., and
Portland, Or. The City of Mexico and,
wtien there may be peace in Cuba, Ha
vana are both probable points. The
United. Stales signal service h'-adquarters
ut Washington boasts a seismograph, and
there is o"ne in the Lick Observatory of
California, which is not, however, offi
cially in commission.
Forecaoier Elias Dunn of the United
States Weather Bureau in New York City
Bays that he is willing to add to his ilutips
as advance agent of the meteorological con
tinuous performance weather show, which
JSew Yorkers never lose interest in, the
function of dealing out tips on earth
Gradually we lose the first impression of
monotony, the portraits hav j as much
similarity, one to the other, as living beings
have, neither more nor less. They are not
all equally agreeable in color, but they ail
have that vital quality in a portrait — cnar
acter. And what a collection of the mas
ter minds of the century, the poets, the
historians, the statesmen ! Alfred Ten
nyson, in youth and in age; Robert
Browning and Matthew Arnold, Swin
burne and William Morris, Carlyle and
John Stuart Mill, Motley and Cardinal
Manning, Gladstone and Inike and tbe
Duke of Argyll, Rossetti and Burne Jones
and Guizot and Joachim the violinist, and
so on through a long list of famous
names.
His sketch for a portrait is drawn with
black and yellow ocher and a dirty white
that is almost dry. Then he models with
his dry color, so that it looks as though
he had put it on with a trowel and a rake,
and finally come the thin colors, vermil
lions and light reds and even burnt sienna
and glazes of greens and blues.
He has had exceptional opportunities.
An artist, who, from his earliest youth,
baa Jived only for his art; vrhohas been
free to live for it, without considerations
for the opinions, prejnd ces of his time,
without the terrible compelling necessity
of using his talent as a means to an end,
no wonder his work bears no sign of
struggle or haste! The brutal god man
mon which he depicts with such frightful
reality has only for him the terrors of
the imagination. Born in Lon«ion in
1818, ne began his career nt the Royal
Academy, but soon left it, dissatisfied, to
pass his days in the British Museum
among the rreat sculptures from the
Parthenon. It is curious that with the
preponderating influence of the Elgin
marbles his firat pictures should nave
been painted very delicately, with anx
ioui> and almost painful finish. In 1843
he competed for the prize for a decora
tion for the houses of Parliament, and,
winning it, he departed at once for Italy.
It was but a step from Phidias to the
great Venetians.
There are sketches in the studio at Lit
tle Holland House that might have been
signed by Tintoretto, so animated is the
movement of the figures, to rich and vivid
the color.
In the sketches we feel the painter,
carried away with the actual surface
beauty of the pigments as they mingle
and separate and tremble and shine on
his brush. In the large pictures the idea
is the central point, and to express it most
quakei". Mr. Dunn siates that he has long
hankered alter a*ei«moeraph and respect
fully snd earnestly endeavored to pet the
department at Washington to endow his
elaborate scientific plant with this inter
esting s-ei^momptric addition. The nieh
officials at Wa>hiiigton coidly responded
thai New Yorkers did not hnve earth
quakes enough to bother with and indif
ferently declined to provide him and them
with the coveted seismograph.
As an observer of meteorological phases
and phenomena Mr. Dunn appreciates the
va ue which observatories of seismic dis
turbances would have for the student or
the savant like Professor Alilne, who is
trying to evoive every possible fact as a
factor in the construction of a science
which will eventually make seismology
rank hich. To ours as to Great Britain's
merchant marine accurate news and in
formation of seismic disturbances wo Id
he highly valued and appreciated. Mr.
Dunn says he fully concurs with Professor
simply and with tbe utmost force he le
nores everything that may attract tbe at
tention. In the picture of Hope seated on
tbe ball of vapor that represents the
world, a little shining figure in blue, with
'a brilliant little head that seems to absorb
the light, we have beautifu. painting, so
as to show that if he does not always use
this instrument it is not because he can
not.
In that eventful trip to Italy, especially
in that city of dreams, Venice, he gradu
ally arrived at the conclusions in regard
to his work from which be has never de
parted. At 25 be made colossal plans for
his future, and at 75 be is still steadily
engaged in fulfilling them, with unim
paired freshness and enthusiasm and a
vigor that a youth might envy. He
wished to make a series of frescoes repre
senting the history of the world, and his
smallest pictures have always preserved
the decorative quality. Unconsciously
Milne in his recognition of the importance
of anticipating, confirming and correcting
such telegraphic news.
The records of the Weather Bureau of
this city bear few traces ot any disturb-
ance properly charjieabie to seismic origin,
and then mostly reter to unimportant
manifestations, exceptins the real shock
of about ten years ago which affected the
Atlantic coast and extended its fury on
tne devoted southern city of Charleston,
S. C. If the New York Weatt.er Bureau
bad been equipped with the proper seis
mologic ouilit its memoranda of puny
earthquakes might have been more num
erous. Thee considered with the records
made at other points might have con
tributed totne final solution of the old
question: "What makes the earthquake?"
It is not the intention of Professor
Milne and the scientist", capitalists hav
ing international commercial interests,
and Government officials whom he has in
terested in his project, to go to the ex
they were not painted for the ponderous
gold frames 61 a modern exhibition, but
for a setting and a space infinitely larger.
The sketches for me pictures "Chaos."
-The Creation," "The Temptation,"
"The Death of Abel" are conceived in tne
Italian spirit. The well-known and most
beautiful compositions, "Orphans" and
"Eurydice," are far finer in the small than
in the larger canvas, where botn figures
are lifesize; and who has not been im-
pressed with the productions of the
majestic "Love and Death" or the "Love
and Life," which an insane committee at
Washington refused to accept as a giftl
Watts has never sold a picture — he has
rarely painted a portrait to order. His
life, as an artist, has been almost unique
in its dependence, its calm and lofty re
serve. His marriage with Ellen Terry
lasted but a few years; he was unwilling
to sacrifice his quiet and retired mode of
living to the whirl of social engagements
pense of erecting new structuies for ob
servations. This is not regarded as neces
sary. At most or all of the important
points w ere observatories are desirable,
observatories equipped and manned al
ready exist, and all that is requisite is to
install sei-mographs and to instruct the
observers in their proper use.
It is intended that the records thus
made shall be given the widest publicity
and shall be made accessible to all in
quirers. Besides beine of more practical
use, they Lelp to educate the students of
physics and also interest and enlighten
the merely curious.
With a slight smile Mr. Dunn remarked
apropos of one important phase of earth
quake observation: "When we get our
seismograph. I suppose on Sundays, Mon
days, holidays and other days when news
items are scarce, the city editor will as
sign a man to come and see if the teismo
graph bas not recorded an earth tremor.
It is not improbable that we will have
such records oftener than might be sup
posed, because various causes occasionally
sufficiently disturb the seemingly solid
surface of this land we live in to make a
record on an instrument so delicately ad
justed as a seismograph."
Local causes often account for move
ments of the eartu palpable enough to
startle people and terrify the ignorant and
superstitious. Explosions, landslides and
other sudden concussions mizht slightly
affect a seismograph. In 1606 there was a
landslide at Ros>berg, Switzerland, which
occasioned a local quaking of the ground.
Volger Mohr and other writers on seis
mology have suggested that some of the
small earthquakes which have been felt
in Germany might be traced to the caving
in of the roofs of enormous subterranean
cavities gradually hollowed out by the
solvent action of water on deposits of rock
salt, gypsum and limestone.
The installation of a seismograph wonld
doubtless, on general principles, be as
welcome to other observers as it would to
Mr. Dunn. The definite purpose of Pro
fessor Milne now is, however, to deter
mine the velocity with which motion is
communicated from an origin through
our earth to its antipodes and to other
points upon its surface. From such de
terminations of speed, which are appar
enttv higher than we should get were our
world a ball of steel or glass, new light
would also be thrown upon Its effective
rigidity, a factor of importance in many
investigations.
The Trans-Oceanic and several subma
rine cable companies will nave a very
practical reason to be interested in the
work of the new earthquake survey. Sub
marine disturbances have often resulted
in the disarrangement, breaking and even
virtual destruction of cables. It is confi
dently asserted that the survey would
localize the origin of the disturbances,
while at the same time light would be
thrown upon changes whicn are continu
ously in operation upon the steeper slopes
of ocean beds.
The seismometers, with their recording
apparatus to be used in the big earthquake
survey, will have all the latest improve
ments. These instruments will no c all
the other movements bes.des great sud
den displacements which recent observa
tions have shown aie characteristic of
earthquakes. The movemems classed as
earthquakes re?embie real earthquakes in
the rai.idity with which they occur, but
differ from earthquakes in being imper
ceptible until de.ected by instrumental
means.
Another class of movements designated
as "earih tiltings" are manifested by a
slow bending and unbend ng of the sur
face. Measurements of these movements
therefore difier. The thing measured in
which had become virtually a necessity,^
and they separated by mutual consent.
Like the old masters, there is hardly a
branch of art in which Watts has not
conquered a position for himself. His
bust of Cly tie is as fine and vigorous as
h»s paintings; his landscapes have un
usual interest and originality. In tha
landscape, "Tne First Day After the Del
uge, there is a Turner-like effect of sea
and mist, with clouds t at are blown away
from the great ball of fire that floods the
picture with liquid gold.
His way of working i s one not easily
described. The drawing done after many
attempts the color sketch comes next— a
small canvas that actually paloitates with
energetic strokes of the loaded brush
Then a larger sketch that for comoleteness
leaves very little to be desired, ana then
at last the colossal decorations, which
may be worked over for years. There is
one in which each sketch grows more im
pressive, and the largest is a decoration
that holds you with an intensity of inter
est that is almost poignant. It is called
"The Rider on the White Horse." The
catalogue gives the lines from Revelation,
"And I saw, and behold a white horse,
and he that sat on him had a bow and a
crown was given unto him, and he went
forth conqueriug and to conquer." That
noble knignt might be the young Prince
Buddha tiding out from his white castle
gate, and with all the sin and hunger and
misery of the world breaking in upon his
vision; around the white steed are clutch
ing hands and heads with straining eyes
and a terrible fear is upon them, and the
face of the knight is pale with grief and
infinite pity.
The art of the Italians was a sensuous
art; nothing of the eayety of it has been
carried into the work of their nineteenth
centuiy disciple. Mr. Watts' art is in
tellectual. He is a philosopher, a poet and
a dreamer, and his painting is a vehicle
for his ideas, of which he has enough and
to spare for a whole generation ot youth
ful artists, who shrug their shoulders and
speak of the "province of literature." To
use Mr. Watts' own words, "The great
majority of these works must be regarded
rather as hieroglyphs than anything else;
certainly not as more than symbols, which
all art was in the beginning."
In this nineteenth century, so soon
drawing to a close, there are few more dis
tinguished figures than that of this tire
less enthusiast, working for the sake of
the labor itself, who "went forth con
quering and to conquer."
Vax Dyck Brown.
London, Jan. 23, 1597.
Excellent results have recently been ob
tained by the Use of electricity for bleach*
ing paper.
ordinary earthquakes and earth tremors is
the displacement of a point in the earth's
crust. In the application of measuring
instrumeats to slow "tilting" the thing
measured is any change in the plane of
the earth's surface relatively to the ver
tical.
It is probable, therefore, that Professor
Milne's plan includes the use of two seis
mographs. The one following what is
termed the inertia method will be an im
proved duplex pendulum seismograph.
This instrument draws a horizontal plan
of the path pursued during an earthquake
by a point of the earth's surface. It, how
ever, takes no note of the displacement of
time, an element that must be considered
in estimating the violence of an earth
quake from the record.
In order to ascertain the elapsed time of
the passing of the earthquake the whole
movement is resolved into rectilinear com
ponents and these are separately recorded
on a continuously moving plate drum.
The point of the indicator draws an undu
lating line, from which the number, suc
cession, amplitude, velocity and accelera
tion of the component movements can be
deduced and the resultant motion deter
mined. Of this class of instruments is
this horizontal pendulum seismograph
which has been used to record Japanese
earthquakes for the past sixteen years.
To measure earth tremors an instrument
still more complicated and delicate than
those briefly referred to is desirable. Sev
eral bearing such names as "micro
seismoscope" or "microseismometer" have
been invented. Tue desideratum in this
line of scientific invention has been to find
a mode of suspension which is at once
astatic, or superior to the influence of the
earth's magnetism, and as nearly friction
less as is possible. The crossed-line sus
pension device as readily realizes this as
anything that has been devised up to date.
This microseismometer consists of two
bobs separately suspended at right angles
to each other, one above the other, in a
cast-iron case. To the top of the case is
fixed a microscope. Its micromometer
eyepiece is focused on a hair stretched
transversely across a vertical tube in the
upper bob. This measures horizontal
motion in the plane of the drawing^
Motion at right angles to this is shown by*
the lower bob, which carries a similar
transverse hair. A lens which is fixed
between the bobs reveals an image of the
lower hair in the plane of the upper hair,
so that both appear crossed in the micro
scope. Both components of horizontal
motion can thus be observed together.
It is in Professor Milne's scheme to
have a central earthquake station in Eng
land. It may be either located on the Isle
of Wight or at Greenwich. This central
station would have instruments to record
not only the slower pulsatory motions of
the ground, but also to register toe more
rapid vibrations. To obtain a complete
record of some earthquakes a minor record
Is required of the premonitory symptoms
culminating in its birth, tne magnitude
and frequency of the vibrations constitut
ing its lite, and the spasmodic tremblings
which are seauent upon the relief of the
seismic strain.
The aggregate of the sums annually
spent by civilize i nations upon the obser
vation of movements in the neavens, in
the atmosphere and upon inland and
ocean waters is enormous. While all this
labor, study and expense goes on we our
selves and the supposititiously stationary
locations of the instruments used to record
such cnan*es are frequently moved back
and forth— in tome parts of the world
altogether for hours— during every year.
The people of the United States, especially
those on the lower Pacific coast region,
where earth movements are frequent, and
the inhabitants of thd Carolinas, with
whom their realistic earthquake is still a
living, sad and serious memory, will watch
with interest fur the installation of Pro
fessor Milne's system and his seismo
graphs.THE FOREMOST WOMEN'S OF SAN FRANCISCO AND THEIR LEADERS
TfiF, in the days when the water came op
1-s to Montgomery street," the mantle of
1' prophecy had fallen upon the shoul
ders of some one who had described to his
associates the San Francisco of the pres
ent time, that prophet would have been,
indeed, "without honor in his own coun
try," since no one would have believed
him.
That the growth of our City in a material
way has been phenomenal all acknowl
edge, but the facts concerning its growth
in other directions are not so well known.
It has been rather of a fad with some of
our Eastern friends, and, indeed, with
some of our own people, to speak sorne
wuat slightingly of our attainments in
artistic, literary and musical lines; but
those who are in touch with the inner life
of our best circles know tbat this is un
merited.
In no way is our City's progress more
clearly shown than by a glance at the list
of our women's clubs. There is certainly
no City in the world of B*n Francisco's
size which surpasses us in the number,
variety and efficiency of our women's or
s.anizations, since, not including the
church, religious and pureiy social so
cieties, there are over a hundred literary,
artistic, mu.-ical, patriotic, political, be
nevolent and educational associations
which have recocnized positions and do
excellent work in their several lines.
' Of the literary clubs the Century, Soro
sis. Laurel Hall and Philomath are the
largest and most widely known. The
Laurel Ha.l bear? the palra of seniority,
as it was organized eleven years ago. It
has a present membership of 100, is dis
t ncily literary in its aims and counts
among its members, past and pre.-ent,
niany of the most talented and acconi
plished of our San Francisco ladies.
Mrs. I. Lowenberg, president of the so
ciety for the past two years, has by her
gentle rule specially endeared herself to
her foLow-members, while she hrs done
much to advance their interests. Mrs.
.berg is a native ol Mobile, Ala., and
« a- educated at a convent at Cape Girar
neau. Comirg to San Francisco with her
parents while still a young cirl, she made
an early and vary happy marrisge and for
some time was absorbed in home and so
cial life, little time to anything
c »c save the charitable work in which she
has always been vitally interested, and
contributing special articles to the Ingle
side, Progress, California Magazine and
other publications.
Three years ajjo Mrs. Lowen berg founded
the Philomath, which is noted as being
one of the wealthiest, most exclusive and
most successful of our women's organiza
tions, and which expends its ample funds
most liberally in securing eminent
speakers, writers, musicians and artists to
add to the interest of those meetings
which are not devoted solely to sell
development.
Mrs. Lowenberg is a slender, dart-eyed
lady with a bright complexion and a
charming manner. Almost fragile in ap
pearance she does an immense amount of
work, as she is not only president of the
two clubs mentioned but is also one of
the managers of several charitable or
ganizations and is indefatigable in dis
charging the many duties devolving upon
her.
The Century, long known as "the"
woman's club of San Francisco, is only a
year younger tban the Laurel Kail. Mrs.
Poccbe Hearst was its first president, and
it was her generosity as well as her tact '
and general loveliness of character which
laid the firm foundation upon which the
club has buiit so wisely and so well.
A clause in the constitution forbidding
the seeming seeking of notoriety in any
way has raised somewhat of a barrier be
tween this association and the outside
world, but the privilege of membersnip
has been discriminated bestowed upon
over 200 ladies, and prosperity and har
mony have characterized each year of its
existence.
Mrs. P. B. Cornwall, who is president
this year, is a fitting representative of the
broad culture, refinement and gentle cour
tesy characteristic of its members. Mrs.
Cornwall has been in California since
c::;ldhood .and is certainly one of our
Slate's most charming adopted daughters.
Her administrative ability is exceptional,
and besides attending to her social duties,
wbich are many, and to the requirements
of her position in the Century Club, she,
as corresponding secretary of the San
Francisco Ladies' Protection and Relief
Society, attends to the entire correspond
ence of that body, which has under its
charge over ijOO children.
The Sorosis Club, organized in 1893 with
twelve members, has now 115 on its roster.
This association is built on practically the
same lines as the New York club of which
it is a namesake, and has achieved much
during its four years' existence.
Mrs. W. B. Carr is president, Mrs. Irving
Scott having retired alter two terms of
oftke. Mrs. Carr is a Massachusetts
woman born and bred, but her married
hfe has been spent in California, where
she has endeared herself 'o an exception
al y large circle of friends. She is a lady
of great executive ability and was one of
ihe organizers of the club, concerning
wnich she felt a special interest because of
the fact tnat two of her aunts are promi
nent members of the parent organization
in New York.
The Pacific Coast Women's Press Asso
ciation, now in its seventh year of exist
ence, has been exceptionally fortunate in
us presidents M rs . Nellie Blessing
hyster, widely known philanthropist,
teacher and author; Mrs. Emily Browne
Powell, one of our lew true poets and a
graceful prose writer as well; Mrs. C. P.
Stetson, famed for brilliant speech and
versatile pen. and Mrs. Ada Van Pelt
successful editor and lecturer, have each
filled that prominent and responsible
position and filled it well.
The present occupant of the chair is
Mrs. P. T. Dickinson, wifo of Colonel
Dickinson of Alameda, a lady who has
won distinction in many d.fferent lines of
literary work, and whose gracious dignity,
tine tact and charming Personality r>ar
ticularly fit her to perform the duties of
her office.
Mrs. Dickinson, better known to the
reading public by her pen-name, Hester
A. Benedict, comes from Massachusetts |
stock on the paternal side, although she
is a native of Portage County, Ohio. Her
lather, Harvey Baldwin, was an enter
prising and successful business man, and
her mother, a beautiful Kentuckian, was
among the first of American women
writers and contributed for many years to
both the religious and secular press.
Mrs. Baldwin, who has reached the age
of 83, lives in Cleveland, Ohio, and in her
happy old age can realize that she has
• built for her-eif two enduring monuments,
since the Baldwin chapel and Baldwin
hospital, in Korea, were both founded by
her.
Mrs. Dickinson's first poem was a
quatrain, written at the age of 7, and
sh» declares that to its kindly reception
Ir\ No Way Is tke Progress of Our Western Metropolis More Glearly sKoWr\ Jkar\ by a
Qlarxce at the List of Our Womerv's Organizations
by her gifted mother she owes her subse
quent successful literary career. At 16
she "saw herself in print" for the first
time, and thenceforward contributed
poems, specials and stories to Pniladel
phia and New York papers.
In IS7I Mrs. Dickinson published
"Vesta," a volume of poems which wag
exceptionally well received, and two years
later went to New York, where she be
came a prominent member of one of the
most brilliant literary coteries of that
city. During her stay there she took a
course of dramatic training, and subse
quently gave a very r>opular series of read
ings in our large cities.
Harmon Benedict, for many year? man
ager of the T. 8. Arthur Publishing House
HOW THE UNWARY ARE FLEEGED AT SURE-THING GAMBLING GAMES
JloW Gheating Is Garried or\ ir\ Some Quarters by the J\\d of Ingenious Indentions— Descriptions of a
FeW of the Most JRemarkable Devices for Luring Dollars Into JricUsters' Goffers
{kS all that great variety of games
J habitually played with money at
_5 stake, where the element of chance
enters largely into account, there are
probably but few. if any at all, in which
there is not practiced a great deal of fraud.
The sleight-of-hand performances of those
slippery-fingered eentlemen.who have such
faculties for dealing "i at" hands are be
wildering in theextreme to those unaccus
tomed to such maneuvers, and to the un
initiated the tricks of a loaded die are as
tonishing. But the game-loving public
has been so often cautioned and the
known methods of cheating have been so
repeatedly exposed that most of those
who play to any great extent are more or
less familiar with the established coJes of
crookedness and are perpetually on the
slert to detect any attempt on their legiti
mate c.ances of gain.
There are, however, a great many in
genious contrivances for cheating at vari
ous games which differ widely from the
ordinary methods of dealing crooked cards,
and these devices, got up with mechanical
skill and known only to those who employ
their agencies, continually deceive the
public and defy detection. It would seem,
with the ruinous disadvantage to which
tbe players are subject in all percentage
games, that the most greedy "bankers"
would be satisfied to deal "square" and
there would be no desire nor necessity of
committing tbe wholesale robberies which
are so persistently perpetuated with the
aid of Yankee ingenuity.
It is to those who indulge in the "friend
ly" game of '"draw," who plunge on the
"bank" or tempt fortune on the "wheel";
it is to those who travel and accept of the
enticing hospitality of fashionable gam
bling-houses that the following description
of some devices which have been brought
to the writer's attention may prove inter
esting and instructive and of possible
pecuniary advantage to the few to whose
wisdom a word is sufficient
Probably the most popular and univer
sal game in America to-day is that of
"draw poker," and there is so much skill
required in playing it successfully that it
is usually considered more cf a game of
skill than of chance. In California, for
instance, the laws against games of chance
have been construed by the courts as hay
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 7, 1897.
in Philadelphia, was Mrs. Dickinson's
first husband, and one of the great sor
rows of her life was the loss of a lovely
little daughter born of this union. Her
marriage to Colonel Dickinson was fol
lowed, in deference to her husband's
wishes, by a long period of literary idle
ness, but latterly she has overcome his
objections and taken up her pen again.
"Fagots," her latest volume of poems, is
warmly praised even by usually severe
critics, and is meeting with a large sale.
During a year's residence in Japan Mrs.
Dickinson was s-perial correspondent for
the New York Mail and Express and the
St. Paul Daily Globe, and her keen ob
servation, quick perceptions and felicity
of expression made her letters special
ing no bearing on "draw poker," and
while such games as "faro" and "rou
lette" are generally suppressed the public
poker-rooms are run openly without inter
ference. It is in this game that crooked
cards and false deals are so often resorted
to, but it is not generally believed that
there exists any mechanical device by
which cheating can be carried on in po
ker while a correct "deck" is used and
tbe dealing is fair. Such a device does
exist, however, and its mechanism is so
perfect that it can be operated continu
ally to the tremendous advantage of those
using it, without creating the slightest
suspicion, and always leaving the 'deck"
in proper shape for the closest inspec
tion.
This ingenious device is shown in the
illustrations of this article, and consists of
an ordinary appearing poker-table, wnich
is, however, very different in consirurtion
from how an ordinary poker-table should
be. In figure 1, a represents the top of
the table, covered in the usual manner
with green cloth and neatly set in the
hollow frame. (6) Between tne top and
the frame, in front of the operator and his
confederate, are two slight openings (c)
sufficient in width to allow the passage of
a card, but not wide enough to be notice
able from the general fitting of the top
and frame. Journaled to turn in the cen
ter spindle of the table is a rod, d (see fig.
2), at the upper end of which is pivoted a
lever (c). This lever is provided near its
outer end with a spring clasp (r), which
will nicely grip and hold a card when in
serted. The lever (c) is guided by the
groove (<7) in the inner face of the frame
(see fig*. 2 and 4), so that the clasp may
be brought up just beneath either of the
openings (c). At the bottom of the rod (d)
is attached an arm (h), which is moved by
the feet of the operator, the bottom of the
table on his side being opened sufficiently
to allow nis toes to ex end beneath it
Now if the operator desires a certain card
to fill his hand and discovers, by means of
a system of signals, that his confederate
possesses the same, he first moves the arm
(A), so as to bring the clasp beneath his
own opening, (c); then by standing his
cards on edge, between his hands and
himself (as is usually done by players in
looking at their cards) he gently, with bis
features in both papers.
Among the many publications to which
she is at present contributing prose and
verse are Lippincott's Magazine, Home
Journal, Golden Age, Children's Hour,
Saturday Night, Brooklyn Independent,
Burlington Hawkeye and the leading
dailies.
Mrs. John F. Swift is a woman who has
generously given much of herself to pub
lic life. Born and educated in New York,
she spent a numoer of years in Japan, to
which country her husband was United
States Minister, but since returning to
San Francisco she has become a leading
spirit in all movements tending to better
the condition oi women.
Bhe has been callea, most appropriately,
"a sister of women." Clear-headed, firm
and practical, she is yet sympathetic, un
selfish and warm-hearted, and wins for
herself the affection as well as the hearty
co-operation of her associates.
For three years Mrs. Swift was president
of the Woman's Exchange, of which Mrs.
John Curry is now head, and fur the past
two years was president of the Century
Club. At tin present time she is presi
dent of the State Suffrage and the
Woman's Congress associations, and fills
both positions with grace and dignity.
Her private charities are extensive, and
she is an active member of several benevo
lent societies.
Mme. Louise A. Sorbier is filling her
fifth term as president of the Woman's
Educational an^ Industrial Union, an as
sociation which helps women to help
themselves.
; Mme. Sorbier was born in Paris, but
came to this City with her parents when a
little child, and was educated here, partly
in a convent and partly by private tutors.
Meeting with reverses of fortune in 1~77
she went bravely to work to support her
self and three children and soon devel
oped into a practical and shrewd business
woman, making investments of her busi
ness profits which enabled her some years
since to retire on an assured income.
Mme. S >rbier has been an efficient officer
of the French Benevolent Society, St. Vin
cent de Paul Society, Woman's Congress
Association, State Suffrace Association
and the Constitutional Amendment Asso
ciation, and is president of the First
Equality Club of the Thirty-ninth Dis
trict.
There are three chapters of the Daugh
ters of the Revolution in San Francisco
and Mrs. Henry Wetherbee, four of whu*e
ancestors — Captain Amasa Mills, David
Merrill, Eli Lewis and Dr. Samuel Kich-
ards— helped fight the battles of our coun
try in those stormy days, is regent of the
original or Sequoia chapter, which was
founded in 1890.
Mrs. Wetherbee is a native of Connecti
cut and came as a bride to California to
rei^n over one of the most artistically ele
gant homes of the coast. Gif ed with un
usual musical talent and a tine soprano
voice, she has always been especially
thumbs shoves a discard, through the open
ing and into the clasp; then by moving
the arm (h) with his foot he guides the
clasp over beneath the other opening and
the discard is brought up into the hand of
his partner, who replaces it with the de
sired card ; the arm (A) is then again moved
and the clasp is brought back and the card
taken by the operator. This is all done in
much less time than it takes to tell it and
witnout any perceptible movement.
It will be seen that by the above means
each of the two confederates have the pick
of both hands and tbe cards which both
may draw, and as each is dealt live carls
at first and is entitled to a draw of five
ca-ds they should be able to collect some
remarkable hands.
Among the "banking" or percentage
game in vogue two very popular ones are
"faro" and "roulette." In both of these
games cheating is carried on very exten
sively, though "roulette" is generally
supposed to be run fair.
The "brace" game of "faro" has been
often exposed, and can usually be de
tected by carefully keeping "cases" or
tally on the cards as they are dealt. But
when your cases do not correspond with
the cards at the end of a deal it is well to
pocket your losses and say nothing, as
you will invariably get the worst of any
dispute on that score; and then, 100, you
may have made a mistake yourself in
tallying.
Crooked "faro" dealing is mostly ex
pert manipulation of the cards, which
are ahays made especially for the pur
pose, and consists in shuffling so that the
dealer retains a knowledge of the re ative
positions of some or all of them. Then by
dealing two cards instead of one tie can at
any time change the order in which they
will win or lose.
"Itoulette" is a more fascinating game
than "faro," and determines the cood or
ill fortune of the player at every whirl of
the wheel. It is a pretty sight this re
volving top, with its little ivory ball trav
eling round and round it; and in watch
ing them spin it is hard to conceive how
any ouiside influence can be brought to
bear to dictate into which of the tnirty
eignt small pockets the ball shall subside.
But sometimes the bottoms of these pock
eta are made movable, and are skillfully
prominent in the highest musical circles,
and has devoted much time and attention
to "the divine art of melcdy."
Mrs. Wetherbee was one of the organ
izers of the Ladies' Relief society of Oak
land and also of the Women's Exchange
of this City, of which society she is vice
president. Unselfish in disposition and
of an exceptionally winning and gracious
presence, Mrs. Wetherbee is truly "well
beloved" by all who know her, and her
charity is as wide as it is unostentatious.
One of the youngest of our really suc
cessful women's clubs is the Women's
Federation, which was organized a little
over two years ago, and is composed of
delegates from such of our various
women's societies as feel specially inter
attached to a system of levers i n such a
manner that when the wheel is in motion,
and until the ball subsides, any set ot lev
ers may be operated to raise the bottoms
of the corresponding pockets. This pre
vents tne ball from entering these particu
lar pockets, and it must of necessity locate
in one of the others. Also electro magnets
may be concealed beneath any of the pock
ets and a small piece of iron contained in
the ball. Then by connecting the circuit
in any convenient manner the ball may be
at once precipitated into one of these mag
netic cells.
It will be seen that rculette may be
thus run so that the player shall never
win except by the magnanimity of the
"banker," and with wheels carefully con
structed it is impossible to observe the
fraud.
An extremely ingenious device in this
line of trade was got up by an Eastern
inventor, and its most peculiar charac
teristic was that it was designed to beat
the "banker" instead of the public. It
was used in connection with some ex
pensive machines, resembling the tele
graph "ticker." These machines gave
out promiscuous quotations on wheat and
stocks, and the players could bet as they
chose — on their rise or fall. Several of
these machines were rented to different
gambling-bouses, and the inventor con
trived the following means to insure him
self against loss of rent through bad-pay
customers.
In each machine he concealed an elec
tric battery and a magnet, so arranged
that by connecting the circuit he could
cause certain known quotations to suc
ceed each other. In setting up a machine
he would connect the battery to two
tacks concealed in the carpet, and when
ever his rent became overdue he would
attach a piece of metal to the bottom of
the heel of his shoe and then go and stand
upon the tacks and play the machine
until he had won the amount of bis
rent. As he must, of necessity, have been
put to considerable trouble in collect
ing bis rent in this roundabout fashion
and money overdue is entitled to interest,
it cannot be authoritatively stated tbat
he scrupulously limited himself to taking,
the exact amount he should have other-
Wise received. Ex-JPlungeb.
ested in working "for the public good."
Progressively philanthropic and educa
tional bodies are chiefly represented in
the association, and the different com
mittees into which the membership is
divided have accomplished much in their
several lines.
Mrs. Eva E. Bates is president of the
federation, a gentle-voiced, unassuming
little woman whom nothing short ot an
unmistakable "call" to help bear the
burdens and lighten the sorrows of others
could have forced into public life.
A native of Massachusetts, Mrs. Bates
was educated in Boston, where sbe lived
for some years after her marriage, sur
rounded by a congenial circle of fr.ends
and fully occupied with the pleasant
duties of her home life, her books and the
care of her little son.
Coming to this City sne lived a very
quiet and retired life until almost three
years since, when she became convinced
that there was work waiting for her out
side her own doors. i«'rom that time,
although the home has never been
neglected, a portion of each day has been
devoted to the interests of the poor and
friendless.
To Mrs. Bates' New England birth and
breeding is due that spirit ol sturdy inde
pendence, modified by strict adherence to
principle, which has enabled ber to make
a success of undertakings beneath iha
burden oi which weaker natures would
faint and fail.
It is owing in a great degree to the en
thusiastic and untiring efforts of this
practical philanthropist that the Houae of
Refu.e for homeless women and children
recently established by the federation
crystal! izod from an idea to a reality.
The Port, a Club, a law club for women
founded by that brilliant, and successful
woman lawyer, Clara S. Foltz, is doing
good work under the able leadership of
Mrs. Kate F. AVillat-, who is also grand
secretary of the Order of the Eastern Star.
The absence from the City of Mrs. Foltz,
who is dean of tne society, is a matter of
regret to its members, but they are doing
her credit by their perseverance and ap
plication, and are accomplishing much in
a quiet way.
Florence Percy Mathefon.
AN ORIGINAL ZOUAVE.
Ar\ Interesting Sketch of the War
Experience of Louis dames.
A variedly picturesque career has been
that of Louis James, the actor. Louis'
parents were anxious about his future,
and as in the case of all families had
formed plan 3 for his career — plans that
all miscarried, by the way. Mrs. James
wanted tim to follow the church. Her
father was Bishop of Illinois and she had
iond dreams that her stalwart son should
follow in his grandfather's steps. His
father came of a family of lawyers and
naturally wanted to see him read law.
They were counting without fate — that
meddlesome arbiter who spoils so many
well-laid plans.
While attending school in Chicago
Louis met Major Ellsworth, founder of
the famous Ellsworth Zouaves, the first
company of its Rind organized in America
and one that was to play quite an im
portant role in the events of its country.
Louis was a fine, big fellow for his age,
and clean and strong of limb. Naturally
the company captivated his imagination
and be loved to watch the drills and evo
lutions of this band of athletic ypung
men.
One day Major Ellsworth told him there
was a vacancy in the company, and in
vited him to join. Louis, who had
watched them often and was a natural
athlete, soon excelled all his companions
in the manual oi srms and those athletic
practices which distinguished the corps.
He was soon the crack drillsman and
"show" man of the company. At times
war rumors were rife, and the war spirit
blazed out. Major Ellsworth took the
company for a tour of the country, and its
magnificent work, brilliant skirmish drill
ing and general bearing was the means of
starting amateur zouave companies from
one end of the country to the other.
Their lightning execution of the most
complicated tactics evoked unfailing en
thusiasm and helped to foster the war
like spirit which had grasped the Na
tion with a gathering hand. After this
tour of the country Louis was- sent on a
visit to Binghamton, N. V., where his
father's family lived. His fame as an
Ellsworth had preceded him, and he was
welcomed by a delegation of young men,
who begged him to organize a zouave
company. The first meeting of this band
of brave young spirits was held in the
town hall, and the city was requisitioned
for arms and accouterments. The city
coulci not provide them, but petitioned
the Governor of the State for the arms.
Before the State was able to recognize
the company, Mr. James was compelled to
leave to join the Ellsworth Zouaves in
Boston, where they were to give a series
of drills and exhibitions. Then ne went
back home to Chicago. The James Zouaves
became the nucleus around which was
made up the Forty-seventh flew York In
fantry, and in recognition of his work Mr.
James was gazetted with the brevet of
major. At that time James' father had
removed to Washington, where his friend,
Lincoln, had secured him an office iti the
Department of Justice. When the Forty
seventh New York Infantry arrived there,
Louis, who had not dared tel! hi? father of
his entering the army, donned his regi
mentals and took his place at the head of
his regiment. The blow struck the elder
James with particular weight. He was
passionately fond of his son and Beriou»iy
opposed to his entering the army. He
moved all the powers within reach and
secured the nullification of the commis
sion.
Louis was equally disappointed, being
resolved to serve his country on the bat
tlefield. Soon after thwarted in his de
termination to join the New York resri
ment in which he had been gazetted tie
ran away and enlisted as a private in an
artillery regiment, also from New York.
He served in this regiment in the Army of
the Tennessee, and was afterward as
signed to the quartermaster's department
of the same corps and stationed in Louis
ville, which was the recruiting headquar
ters for the army. It was here that his
love for the stage became the absorbing
dream of his life. He had tne good for
tune to meet Barney Macauley, then man*
ager of the Louisville Theater Stock Com
pany, and the young soldier was one day
accepted for small parts in tbat famous
organization, and thus began his stage
career.
His first public appearance was made in
"Mazeppa, and as he tacetiously re
marked recently it was the most L-ratclul
part he ever played, for al] he said was,
"1 thank you, my Lord."
68x80, line white blankets $5, worth $8 5a
City of tana. •
1920
EVENTS OF THE WEEK IN SOCIETY
WEDDINGS, receptions, social luncheons,
dinners, theater parties and informal
teas have served to keep the^ smart
set busy daring the past week.
On the calendar lor the corning week are
several dinners, Saturday teas and also the
dance at Mrs. Henry Scott's on Thursday
evening.
The season is being hurried to a close and
there doubtless will be several large affairs
just Defore Lent.
The last meeting of the Friday Fortnightlys
■will be held on the 2Gih, and there is every
indication of a brilliant gathering.
The most elaborate affair of the past week
was the tea Riven by Consul and Mrs. Simpson
at their lovely new home on Vallejo street.
The tea was in honor of the debutante daugh
ter. Miss Agnes P.mpson.
.Four hundred invitations were issued for
the affair and there was a continual stream of
visitors during the hours named, 4 to 7.
Assisting to receive were Miss Lucille
Youuger, Miss Bernie Drown, Miss Fiorence
Stone, M:?s M*ud Francis, Miss Maud Simpson,
Miss Romola Ki^elow, Miss Katherine Towers
and Miss Rose Miller.
In the evening the ladies of the receiving
party and Robert Campbell, Wallace Alex
ander, George Lewis, Harold Smith, William
Humphreys, Fred Dukson, Harold Crowell,
Herbert Y'oiinger and Ben Brouks were enter
tained at dinner.
After dinner there was dancing.
Thursday evening Mr. aiid Mrs. E. J. Mo-
Cutcheon pave a thenter part..- complimentary
to Mrs. Delia Davidson. The party attended
the Baldwin Thenter and aft<T went for sup
per to the University Club. Mr. end Mrs. Mr-
Cutcheon's guests were: Miss Davidson, Miss
Hcf[mi<n, Miss Carrie Taylor, E. 11. Slieldon,
Mr. Dibblee and T. B. Berry.
Thursday afternoon Miss Edith Mcßean
entertained a few young friends at a tea ather
home on Pacific avenue. The hours of the
' reception were from -t till 6.
Yesterday afternoon Mrs. J. R. Crockett and
Miss Caro Crockett entertained a few friends
informally at an afternoon tea.
Last Saturday E. A. Wiitsee gave a luncheon
at the University Club complimentary to Mr.
and Mrs. W. F. Burden of New York. Ameri
can Beauty roses wero used in the d<*cora
• tion of the tab.c. Those atked to meet the
'visitorswereMrs.de Ruyter, Miss Emity lia
ger, Miss Genevieve Goad. Miss McNutt, M ss
. Jennie Blair, Thomas HcCalet, Xorthrup
Cowleß and K. M. Greenway.
■ ■ On Monday evening E. M. Greenway and E.
• A. Wiitsee entertained a party of friends at the
Tivoli and alter the performance hr.d f-utnitr
at the Bohemian Club. Violets and jonquils
made effective table decorations and were ar
ranged with artistic grace amid the usuel Bo
hemian emblems. The guests were: Mr. and
Mrs. J. E. de Ruyter, Misses Mary a:i>l Alice
Hoffman, Misses Miriam and Frances Moore.
Miss Daisy Van Ness Thomas McCalet, North
rup Cowies and Lawson Adams.
Ou Tuesday evening Master Preston Rauch
celebrated his fourteenth birthday by giving: a
theater party to fifteen <i his young ineuds.
The boys ass-em bled at the residence <>j tbf-ir
host, 1232 Post street, and proceeded to tho
•Tivoli, where "Aladdin." with 111 wealth of
music, specialties and gorgeous ►Cenerv, wng
enjoyed. After the periorman>c an elaborate
supper at Master Raucn's home was in order.
Those present were: llarold I^ouderback, Her
" bert Newman, Alfred Lewis, Mi:tou ilanner,
Lawrence Brandt, Seiby Badt, Victor Keichen
berg, Clarence Colerna;-,, Philip Baumgarten,
■ Leon Baumgarten, Clarence Ellis, Max Ricss,
Jake Levy, Albert Frank and Koburt Roos.
THEY'RE ENGAGED.
Interesting Weddings Announced
t for February.
Mr. and Mrs. Edward Harris have issued in-
vitations for the maTrlage of their daughter,
Annie, to Abel*. Jackson, on Wednesday even
ing, February 10, at Union Square Hail.
Miss Carolyne Cook, dauguter of Mr. and
Mrs. J. Cook, lormerly of Oakland, and Robert
Garner Curran will be married on Wednesday
evening, February 24, at the First Methodist
Church, Loa Angeles.
WEDDING BELLS.
Nuptials of Miss Millie Cohen and
George Silverstein*
Miss Millie Cohen and George fcilverstcin
were married last Sunday at the home of the
bride, in the presence of intimate friends.
.They were the recipients of a liumber clhand
homo gifis. Mr. and lira. Sllvursiein. have
Fisher y\mes, the Qreat Whist
Authority, on the Discard.
About four years ago Fisher Arnes, the greiU
whist authority, wrote a scries of articles to
the Brooklyn Eag'.e on the discard, alter
stating the general recognized rule to discard
from your weakest suit, bul if the adversaries
have declared superiority m the trump suif,
then ibe first discard inua: be irom your.best
protected suit; that is, tiio suit iv which you
are most likely to ba abie to take a trick. Th«
first part of the rule is sound and sensible. As
a general rule one is right in holding his
longest suit so long as there is any prospect of
its establishment, and it would be unwi.> • :■<
throw away from it and keep cards in a tuit in
which there is little if any chance o£ tric*
tnaking. The information gives to partner is
or may be of importance; but when the adver
saries havesnown a decided superiority in
trumps and there Is very little prospect of the
establishment and br.nging in of your long
suit, it is best to throw away from it and keep
high cards in the adversaries' KUits guarded, so
as to prevent taeir establishment, if possible.
The second part of the g-neral rule, no.v
ever. is by no means of so much force or obli
gation as the first part; there are many times
•when it would be prudent to depart from it,
bo many iv fact as to require special attention,
even while considering the general rule.
When the adversaries have shown a superior
ity in trumps the discard from your strongest
suit if important lniorm&tion which it is
probable that they, being masters of the situa
tion, would very frequently be able to make
good use of to their own advantage and your
disadvantage. They will be directed by It
not to lead the suit up to you, or to lead it
through you, or to get rid of it in order to
trumpit, bo that the information will be more
than likely to prove to their advantage and
your injury. When you are acting on the de
fensive it is questionable whether you oueht
to tell your opponents of the suit in which
you are strongest, il such informntion is likely
to help them and not help your partner. I be
lieve that this part of the rule is subject to so
many exceptions ihat the first discard when
the adversaries have a clear superiority in
trumps should be recognized as dependent
upon the condition of the hand.
Mr. Ames winds up a two-column article
with the"c words: "I therefore think that the
rule should be that when the adversaries have
a declared superiority in trumps the discard
should be according to the hand for its best
protection."
It is evident from these considerations that
. the rule for the first discard is not of the abso
lute and hard and fast kind. It has to be taken
with a good deal of latitude and allowance for
the existing conditions. CommoQ-sencc must
be the guide in such cases.
Jhe faster ar\d f\\s Jealous
Satellites.
We clip the following from one of our East
ern exchanges:
We are glad to note Ifcafc two whist editors are
bold enough 10 aUow to apytar la meir column*
taken up their residence at 1126' i Golden
Gate avenue.
HOME GATHERINGS.
Several Delightful Receptions of i
the Past Week.
Mrs. M. D. Salomon's granddaughter Blanche
eutc'rtained a number ot her young friends at
the residence 01 her aunt, Mrs. A. Crocker, on
Bush street, last Saturday afternoon. The feat
ure of the event was the untangling of a cob
web. Miss Elsie Loupe was the successful
prize winner. Among those present were:
Missel Blanche Altnmrk, Marie Bine, May
Cerkel, Clara Davis, Martha Gosliner, Mario
Neu*>erger, Mabei Kochman. Blanche Lntz,
Viola Samier, Paula WeiL. Hilda Kliue, Julia
Lacher, Elsie Loupe, Sheda Lowman.
The reception tendered Miss E. Z. Turner by
Mrs. M. E. Gallahorn and Mrs. 11. E. Scnuette
recently was a br.lliant success. The pro
gramme consisted oi vocal teUciions by Rev.
J. George GIL-son, M>s Grace Corwin, Mrs. J. '
M. White. Miss Turner and Mr. Pue, piano
selection by thcMivscs Tighe and Reading nnd j
Robert X. Lynch. Charaues and games were
indulged in, after which dainty refreshments
were served.
Tnose present were: Mesdame* White, Cor
win, Vogel, fcjehuette, Moore, Underbill, Page,
Strauv, oa.lett, bmilh, GaUahorii; Mbses
Turner. Corwin, Wo.fe, Youug. Tn ber, Tighe,
t lie Misses Berry; Messrs. Moore, Lorutard
Wolfe, Vogel, A. B. Vogel, Lynch, Gibson, Pjige-
Farreil, Xuvviisend, Myles, Schuette, I'ersinger.
Weil.
Mr. and Mrs. J. Golliber celebrated their tin
wedding on Sunday ;ast at their residence,
1228 Golden Gate aye. The house was ete
t-'uiiiiy decorateu with violets ar.d evergreens
and brilliantly illuminated. The young ioks
danced to the sweet music of a large orchestra.
per was served at 9 o'clock.
Among those present were: Mr. and Mrs.
Wooleiiberg, Mr. and Mrs. J. Morris, Mr. and
Mrs. S. Hartman, Mr. aim Mrs. A. hackscher,
Mr. ana Mrs. M. Getz, Mr. and Mrs. M. Cohen,
Mr. and Mrs. L. C. Coleman. Mr. and Mrs,
Benskl, H. Nudro, Mr. and Mrs. Dr. S. Zuas
man, Mrs. G. Fogel, Mrs. J. Solouionson, J.
I-rael.-kv, Miss lianna Hartinaii, Mit-s Eda
Oppenheim, Mi.-s Mabel Bielski, Miss Hattie
Bi Iski, Misa .Selma Golliber, Mi~s Annie Hart
man, Abe Lissner, Max Sciiii.er, Mrs. Simou
Hartmun, Mr. Morris, Moiie Hartman, s:g.
Oj'peuheim.
A party whs given by Mrs. s. Rosenblum to
her daughter Jennie Sunday anernoon at her
h.'ine, 1540 Washington street, in honor of
her fiith birthday. The house wa» beau;ifu;ly
decorated and the time was spent very pleas
antly in gtimes and dancing. Toasts' by the
liule guests were in order at the banquet
board, und each little one carried away asou
venir o: the occasion.
Miss Marguerite Hallinan entertained a
number of her friends on Wednesday evening
at a curd i-any piven at the residence of her
parents, lOiy l^ Natoma street. The young
hostess whs timntiiy gowned and entertained
her guesis in a charming manner. After sev
eral interesting games a musical programme
was rendered, and later re, resh meats were
served.
CLUB GATHERINGS.
Fashionable Organizations Enter-
tain Their Friends.
The m-rub-rs of the Fin ile Siecle AVhist
Cub tendered the Misses Birdie and Faith
Garabitz a complimentary party Monday
evening at their home, 1427 Oak street. Danc
'.n?, muslcandalittle panioiaime, "Tlie Burial
o: Enuui," impersonated by Charles O'Kane,
assisted by Messrs. Lrury, Uevene, Banning,
Schwartz and Dr. Stone, made the nouns pass'
merrily. At midnight the phantom inarch
arranged by the young ladies asnl-i much
mirth led the way to the table, where a
tempting sapper was fully appreciated.
Independence Socinl Club gave a most envl
ab.e social and dance on Fritav evening Feb
ruary 5, at Mozart Hall. There was a large
concourse present to join in tho festivities.
The lir.-t annual entertainment of the White
f, £ 7, y Ub was Leld last evening at Excelsior
Hall. There wn« a large attendance und an
excellent programme.
*J h *« K \°' 1. A. ot Grace M E. Cimrch gave
their fir*' quarter.y reception to tteir young
lady friends Monday evening iHst at the chapel
corner Iwenty-first and Capp streets! The
evening was pleasantly spent with gam-s
music and tinging, followed by several new
and interesting gaSies. After refreshments
had been served -W. D. Kingsbury told one of
his entertaining ghost stories, at the close of
which the guests bade each oin.-r good night
Among those present were i)r. and Mrs. J N
Beard, Mr. and Mrs. W. D. Kin-sbury, Mrs.
Sauborn, Mr. Holmes, the Misses IVuelope
v"i %?!?, K and irt ' Miss Gertrude Holmes^
Miss hthel Hendy, Miss Hulda Jleuer, Miss
Marguerite Mickel, Miss Evelyn Moote, Miss
Bessie henni- and Miss Gcnevieve Ben
nett, Messrs. Fred A. Staud. GifTord L. S.,bey
Edward C. Lovett, Cnarle<- A.T-ylor, Irving H
tanbom, Waller NeeL. thanes A. SankeyJr
statement that is dally heard in tho cl Jb«. We be
lieve that the whlst-player* of the country are
completely ujM^-u-fd by tbe way one or two
wrurrs and teachers laud Mr. Jouos to the steles
a a superior beiug. The summit of tbe abiurdity
v.aa reached, hiwever, when a San Fr»:>cisco
paper recen.ly prlDted a parody o:i a portion of
th» Kplscopal servico, in which a ri'itusiun was
made of non-"Cavendlsh" plays and the Mister
warn prayed .oforelve. Cuvun lUh is a Dlayer of
average abitl:y, t;ood enough when he is playlug
bU best to make a most acceptable partner in a
tame of straight whist, but he is not of the class
to be considered In the makeup of a team for play
In, for examp.e, a match for the league cl.amp.oa
sliip.
We are sorry to have incurred the displeas
ure of any ona, particular./ men working in
the same good cause. If our labor in the
whist vineyard was not lor love only we might
feel different. It may be dollars and cents to
some "wnist editors," or it may illumine
their star(?ja little in their own estimation
to try and knock down the reputation of
'Cavendish" to build up one for themselves.
Our high opinion and admiration of "Caven
dish" is based entirely on the great good he
has done the whist world. For years he has
been called "master," long before we were
ever known or heard of in whist, and for years
to come he will be calied "master" by those
that remain in whist for the Intellectual
amusement and pleasure they derive from it,
and not for what they can make or what there
is in it. We nre so faraway from where the
sunrises and sets in this "great whist world
of our own" that we are liable to be called
"antiquated" and ".vuperannuatea," like some
oiher writers now are, because we won't do
the Highland flng act when they pall the
string. Many long years after wo are dead,
gone and forgotten, along with many other so
called "whist editors' of the present day.
Henry Jones, whom the whist world knows
as "Cavendish," will be called or known as
"master." When we reach that "his?h state of
perfection" that we, too, are obliged to put
«.ur hatou with a shoehorn we might attempt
to criticize the master's playing aDility. To
do so now would be presumptuous en our
part. We have played with him as partner,
against him as adversary; we hav>j analyzed
hundreds of his illustrated deals and much of
the little whist knowledge we possess— and it
is very lmlo indeed— we owe to him and his
writings. The name ♦•Cavendish" and his
good work will live on just the s«me, and wii;
always have a warm spot in our heart, no
matter what others may think, say or write.
We have no doubt tne whist teachers the
above article refers to have the same good
cause for lauding his name ana whist ability
mat we have.
J^r. John H. Briggs of J»lir\r\eapolis.
Oaeol the obj« cv ol our Whist Department
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 7, 1897,
Gustav A. Hsuer, Edward Howell, William
Ashiand and William Kattlemann.
In spite of the inclemency of the weather
last Thursday evening, the Massasoits Social
and Literary Club made a good ,y appearance
at the home of Dr. Dietz. The earlier part of
the evening was spent in reading the minutes
of t ie last meeting, spicily written by the sec
retary, Dr kuykendfill. Alter tiie business of
the evening was over, fames were resorted to,
in which the company heartily participated.
After refreshments were served the club en
joyed two solos, "iiy Dream of You," Miss
Maud Cornish, and a basso profuudo, "Bub
Bilenlio," Dr. Hall.
The play "Hazel Kirke" was produced at
Native Sons' Hell on Wednesday evening, Jan
uary 27, 1897, under the personal direction of
Tnomas H. Kilgo, by the following cast «'f
characters: Dunsiau Kirke, Thomas H. Kilgo;
Arthur Carringiord. Maurice t. Harris: Pnia
cus Green, Frank It. Hayes; Squire Rodney,
That will be worn by host and hostess at the famous Bradley Martin ball in New York on February lOtd. Mrs. Bradley Martin wears the
costume of the unfortunate Mary Stuart, Mr. Bradley Mtirtin the dress of Louis XV. The $250,000 fete has set the world ot society
agog everywhere. [Reproduced from copyrighted portraits in New York World.]
h -i, •'■*'*' h vTi r *° -\ \ 4\P aPRiy yiJ
is to interest and instruct If possible the whist ]
students, and when we have the opportunity
of illustrating deals from such masters of the
came as John H. Brlgtjs and George L. Bunn
we like to take advantage of it. Mr. Brlggs
Bays:
"The following deal presents a pretty po«i
tion where the correct line of play presents a
possible loss. What makes the play right
under this circumstance is the fact that the
play may result in a gain. Moreover, if it does
result in a gain it will probably t>e a gain of
several tricks, while the possible loss will not
exceed in all probability one trick."
♦-8,3
O-A
+-A. X, J, 2
O-A, X, 7, 5, «
N |
♦-K.lO. 6. 5, 2w ,  V-Q, 10. 8. 3
O-K. J, ti, 3 w . c»-Q, 10. 8. 2
+-9. 3 w *• +-10. 8.7, 5,4
0-10, 4 0-Q,
8
e>-A,Q. J, 9, 7,4
C-9. 7. 5, 4
+-Q
O-J, 9
Trumps— The two of club?. Leader— East.
The winning card is underscored.
WEST. !
NOETH.
! EAST.
1_
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
0-. ..........
__?*_
A*
4*
40
JQ
SO
50
7*
70
90
9*
J*
Q* !
! 3*
! 2*
9*
40
100
5-
-30
6*
KO
10*
60
JO
X*
_____
2*
3*
__+_
X*
60
KQ
AQ
70
AQ
_____
__*_
SO
______
3Q
_____
8* i
6+
_6+
7+
4*
20
80
QO
_____
20
10*
80
100
QO
.0
_
.1 j
O
3 ..-
Score: North and South 10, East and West 3.
COMMENTS BY MR. BEIGGS.
Trick I— East's holding calls for a trump at
tack. West shows short trumps by not e< ho
me. North knows that South has no more
trumps, for it is not customary to play the
queen second hand from queen and one other.
E*st is not in position to see that South has no
more.
Trick 2— South makes the conventional lead.
East trumps with his filth bsst, concealing his
fourth best. North gives his partner a prob
able holding of tue king or queen and jack of
the suit that he has led.
Trick 3— Not knowing that South has no
more trumps, East picptily lontibucfi v
John T. Coleman: Barney O'Flynn, George B.
Crandall Jr.; Met, C. H. Johnson; Hazel
Kirke, Miss Mac Keane; Dolly Dutton, M S3
Fannie R. Lewi-; LadyCarrtO lord. Mis-> Vir
ginia Caunn; Mercy KirKe, Miss Gertie Ing
ham, and Ciara, Mau.t Wheeler.
The entire production was under the busi
ness management of M. E. Harris and every
thing was done by him to make the perform
ance h success. The stace appointments were
good and in all respects the play was success
lully performed.
SURPRISE PARTIES.
Louis Schoenberg Celebrates His
Birthday Anniversary.
On the evening of February 2 Louis Schoen-
FANCY DRESS COSTUMES
trump lead. Observe that he conceals thoiact
that he held six trumps.
Trick 4— North feels pretty certain that East
has the remaining trumps, but thinks it a<l
visable to mak) a lead to pick up West's
trump if he holds one. Again.it is well that
he should show his partner what he holds.
Seeing that his partner has one trump more
than North, West discards from his diamond
weakness.
Trick s— lt can make but very little differ
ence whether North does or does not lead his
ace of trumps. North knows that the lead of
the ace and king of diamonds will leave the
command against him, for there must be at
least three diamonds in one hand. He cannot
hope to make the suit by that line of
play.* The lead of the ace of hearts is out of
the question. The lead of the single spade
will accomplish nothing, even if it finds South
with the king. In that case what would he
expect his partner to do? Return the spade
to force him, or make a forced lead of hearts
or diamonds?
The return of heart by partner would be un
desirable. The lead of the diamond would not
accomplish anything unless he leads the
queen. If he holds the queeu, North can
make sure of the suit by the lead of a
low diamond unless tnerc are more than
three diamonds in one hand. Sup
pose South does not have the queen,
but that he has the jack. The lead of a low
diamond would bring the same result if the
queen is with East, a gain of several tricks,
suppose the trick goes to the adversary. In
that case there is a possible loss, but probably
not more than one trick. The low diamond is
the lead, for it is always right to risk one trick
ior the possible gain of several when that pos
sibility is quite probable. The lead of the
fourth best is not important in this situation.
Trick 6— South must return the diamond, for
it must be clear that he can do nothing with
spHdes, for North would in all probability have
played spades if he had the king.
Trick B— lt must be evident that the lead of
tne trump or the diamond is immaterial.
Last must come with a heart
fio More Whist-flauing for Stakes.
The board of directors of the San Francisco
Wi.ist Club have taken the "bull by the horns"
nd say whist-playing for states must forever
.•ease in their clubrooms. The following is
«ken from a circular recently issued:
To the atnttrmni Member* of the San Francisco
If'hist Club: 'Your board of directors, aclini!, as
hey belltve. for the best interests of the entire
membership of this dub, nave resolved that the
practice of playing straight hi t for small points
must be abandoned. \\> have not determined
upon this c anitß without mature deliberation,
ttjiudwe ask your cordial co-operation wHJx ua la
berg was tendered a surprise party at his resi
dence, 1323 Or-lavia street. The affair was in
honor oi ihe anniversary of Mr. Schoenbertr,
and proved most eujoyablf. Among those
pre-ent were: Mr. and Mrs. D. Kiine, Mr. and
Mrs. C. B.er, Mr. and Mrs. A. Kahn, Mr*. H.
Newman, Herbert Newman, James Newman,
J. Neubauer, Siggy Neubauer, Lauo Neu
bauer, Mr. and >lr- r . H. Neubauer. Eugene Neu
bauer, Jess.: Neubauer, Louis Neutauer, Mr.
Burris, Mr. Cui;ninghiim, Miss Carrie Bett
man, Mis-s MUIto Bettman, Miss Bella Bett
man, Laurence Bettman, Lenny Waterman,
Biim Waterman.
On Saturday evening Leo Allenberg was
pleasantl surprised by a l heater party given
in honor of his b:rtl.aay at the Alcazar, and
after the per ormance a supper, wh.ch was
seived at tbe home of Miss Celia Stern, games,
sinking, etc., were indulged in until day
break.
Those present were: Miss Blanche AUen
bers. Miss C. Stern, Miss Amelia Levy, Miss
Carrie Stern, Miss Bess Grodginski, Mrs Bresv
ler, Miss Rose Guggenheim, Miss Helen Rosen
banm, aad Messrs. L. A le:;berg, J. Goodman.
E. Levy, A. Bloch, M. L Stern, 1. C. Snarff, S.
H Sellinir, M. 1_ Hartman, Sam Meyer and H.
Rosenbaiim.
IN THE FUTURE.
Receptions, Entertainments and
Dances Are Announced.
The members of the Arion Verein will give
their annual fancy dress and domino party at
tneir rooms. 414 fine street, Saturday, Febru
ary 13. 1897.
The Columbia Zither Club will Rive their
fifth concert and social this Sunday evening,
February 7, at Turn Verein Hall. 323 Turt
street.
Emil Stelneerger, assisted by his pupils, Miss
Florence Scbroth, Miss Lulu Ruid, Miss Julia
the effort we shall mskt> to develop forma of play
acceptable to all and not subject to adverse criti
cism. ••• * Arthur .Moketox. Secretary.
The president and the board of trustees of
the San Francbco Whist Club are to be com
mended on tnkine the above action. Every
one in San Francisco and every one in the
Stale that loves whist will rejoice when they
read these columns and when they know that
wfalst and playiu? for .stakes ore forever
divorced and debarred from the club that
bears the name of our City. Kvery club in the
American Whist League will more than rejoice
to hear this good news. To President George
K. Bates alone is due the credit of bringing
about this good result; his path was not
strewn with roses in accomplishing it. Ot
course, the question of losing members was
a vital one, but where one goes out of the club
for suon a reason two will come in. One year
from now the club will be proud of the step it
has taken. It certainly deserves and will re
ceive, so far as we are able to give, our warm
and hearty supnort, and we ask every lover
of whist to do likewise. Our motive in trying
to bring this same result about eighteen
mvnthsago was impugned. The spark that
we then kindled would not go out, and was
flamed into life again bythe one who was at
that time its bitterest opponent. All is well
that ends welL The letters that we published
in our whist issue of January 10 from many
of tho great whist lights of the world show
bow strong the bonds of friendship are and
how the pulsations seem to beat as a unit in
the hearts of all those that love for its own
sake the grandest intellectual amusement
ever devised by man.
To the Whist Editor c<f The Call: May I ask if It
Is customary among the Intelligent whist writers
to copy edltorl Is verbatim without giving credit
to wnom credit is due?
It seems to me a very easy way to conduct a
whist column, but one not altogether to be sanc
tioned.
A Constant Reader and Student of The Call's
Whist, Column.
In answer to the above we will say it is a
very easy way of conducting a whist column.
A pair of scissors and pastepot cost less than
brains and the work can ba accomplished
quicker. We can hardly blame our correspond
ent for asking the above question, for the arti
cle referred to was taken bodily from The Call
without even quotation marks. We won't
count this time If they don't do it again.— Ed.
itor.
The San Francisco Club announces its pro
gramme for February, giving the niehts on
which prizes. will bo played for us follows:
Wednesday. February 3 and 10; Monday, Feb.
ruary 15, and Sa urday, February 20. An in
dividual prize will also be given to the peison
making the highest aggregate score' for the
month. . . ' ,\
Tuesday afternoon,- February 23, ladies wil
play comolation -whist for prizes. All other
Tuesday afternoons ladies will play for indi
vidual record for the month and for prizes. '
Every Friday morning; at 10 o'clock,' teams
of eight, composed of lady members, will piay
individual record games '
*SSS£ZiT 7 wiil b0 p:ayedon Satur -
Heffernan, Miss Netta Edwards, Miss Ethel
Fem:nK and M ss Edith Allen, vriil give a
piano recital on Friday evening, February 12,
at Golden Gate Hall,
James A. Garfield Relict Corps No, 21. W. R.
C. , w.ll give a vaieatine party at Soclitl Hall,
Alcazar building, on Tuesuay evening, Feb
rU The Assembly Cotillon Club will give its
fourth party on Wednesday evening, Feoruary
10, atLunt's Haii. As tins is the last cotillon
betore Lent a large attendance and aa enjoy
able time is a certainty.
Oro Fino Parl -r No. 9. K. D. G. W., will pive
an en ertainmf nt and dunce on the oi
th's mouth in N. S. G. W. Hall.
Txie annual masquerade ball of the San
Francisco Schuetzeu Ladies' Verein will be
beld at Saratoga Hall, Saturday evening, Feb-
On Tuesday evening, February 9, the Mystics
win give their twenty-seventh evenin* dress
party at the Native Sons' HalL Invitatlonh
must b- presented at the door.
'1 he Native Sons of Vermont will ho-a tneir
regular monthly entertainment at;d dance on
Friday evening, February 12, at Odd Fellows
Hall. An unusually attr ctive proeramme
has been prepared ior the occasion, to con
clude with tne charming one-act comedy,
"Yellow Roses," made familiar to locai play
goes by the Kendall during: «h«ir recent visit
in Ibis City. Alfred Ely, the poplar b rytone,
will sing Rossini's "LaDanza," and Miss Ma
bel Morse of Oakland is also down on the pro
gramme for vocal selections.
FROM GREATER NEW YORK
Budget of Interesting NeWs ar\d Qossip
About the Galifomia Golorvy ir\ the
Eastern Metropolis
NEW YORK, N. V., Feb. 2.— ls the
earth flat after all?
Is it possible we children of a larger and
riper growth will hava to relearn our
■eography and cast from our callow brains
the old-time theories of "globe," "eastern
and western hemisphere*," "the earth re
volves on its axis once in twenty-four
hours," etc.. etc? Oh, what humiliation
we will feel when our children and grand
children indulge in that superior attitude
toward our ignorance of truth that we
have shown toward our own benighted
parents and grandparents'. Why, it won't
be a circumstance!
Evolution is the unwritten law of God's
great universe.
The piece of flint from which our dear
forefathers struck sparks to light their
fires to-day may be made almost trans
parent by the powerful strength of the
marvelous X ray. If this little reminder
of man's greatness can make us stare,
surely we should be prepared lo receive
any message the indefatigable scientists
of the world may send to us dreamers.
They may discover that we are only one
flat side of a hollow square, and that the
sun, moon, stars and ice-bound regions
form but ihe other live sides. Thousands
of years ago horses were the size of a
King Charles spaniel ; they are now grace
lul and useful monsters.
We love them for their strength and
beauty.' However, in the age of electric
car?, horseless carriages and pneumatic
tubes, the horse will in good time become
extinct or so degenerated that it will be
called some other name when our succes-
sors rule the earth. The earth may be as
flat as a griddle cake — but what has that
to do with Caliiornia?
There are a numberof Californiansfloat
ing in and out of the Waldorf this week.
They all seem very happy and contented
with their surroundings.
Adolph Roos and his fine-looking son
George have been here a couple of weeks,
and are having a joily good visit. They
are still undecided regarding their return
to the coast, but will in all likelihood re
turn in about ten days.
Mr. and Mr j . S. B. Conners are also
guests at the Waldorf.
It is remarked by all the hotel-keepers
that traveling Californians seem fonder of
their own homes this year than they have
ever been before.
At the Im perial are Mr. and Mrs. William
A. Ristenport of San Francisco.
F. August Kingslev is also a guest at the
Imperial, but he is so busy with affairs of
importance downtown that be can seldom
be found lounging about the cafe or
reading-room of the hotel.
W. S. Hook, the well-known financier
of Los Angeles, is in the city for a few
days only.
Mrs. L. L. Baker and son, P. S. Baker,
are putting up at the Holland. They an
ticipate being in New York a month at
least.
W. H. Wright of Sao Jose arrived late
on Saturday evening. He went direct to
his old stopping-place, the St. Cloud,
where he will remain during his stay in
Gotham. He is a welcome visitor to all
the colony who have the pleasure of his
genial acquaintance.
E. W. Kosenbaura of San Francisco will
be at the Marl borough for about ten days.
There is something fascinating in a per
son who can be unique in an original
manner. Ot course people grinned and
shrugged their shoulders when Mrs. Jack
Gardenier of Boston boldly led a young
and untrained lion about the Boston Zoo
the other day. She might have been fool
hardy, but she is the most popular of Bos
ton society leaders, and the wily young
cub seemed to appreciate the fact; thero
fore he was most decorous in his behavior
toward the stunningly gowned woman
who led him about, without a muzzle over
his tawny jaws or shields on his clean
young claws.
It wouldn't be a bad idea for some San
Francisco belle to secure permission to
harness and saddle one of tbe docile
buffalo out in Golden Gate Park and in
some appropriate and dazzling gown take
a wild ride down the Cli 2 House drive.
Think of the wonderful possibilities in
such a sensation ? then, too, think how re
ire«hinglv Western the affair would be.
W. T. Mendenhall, a prominent mining
man and promoter of California's inter
ests, registered at the Gilsey on Friday.
E. A. Rix of San Francisco was telling
some friends on Broadway Saturday after
noon that there was a great deal more
snow in the Rocky Mountains and North
ern California than there is in New York.
His friends seemed puzzled to know
whether he really meant it, when sud
denly one suggested that they all have a
sip of the "cup that is warming." The
snow story was foreotten and the New
Yorker? were saved an explanation.
W. P. Puller and P. M. Fuller arrived at
the Holland on Thursday.
Leopold Sanders and sons, A. and I.
Sanders, who came from Los Angeles
about a year apro and established a Cali
fornia trading company here, are meeting
with unusual success. California products
are no longer a fad in New Yorg; they
are now looked upon as necessary and sta
ple articles of commerce, all of wnich must
be encouraging to the fruit-prowers, wine
merchants and olive cultivators throuch
out the State.
Henry Chamberlin Jr., aon of Henry
Chamberlin, proprietor of the Beresford
is connected with tne California Trading
Company, ai ,d is enthusiastic over the
products of his native State
in M Ba nder . 3 eXpeCU tO visit hiß home
Kik 2i Fra " cl 9. C ° ' ome ' linl9 this Vprinß-
H« wile, wiio ia nown as Helen Har
PERSONALS.
Dr. and Mrs. K. Pischl were in Munich when
last heard from.
Miss Helen W agner, who has been ill with,
an attack of la grippe, was out Monday for the
first time in over two weeks.
Mrs. M. E. Frank has removed from 1613
Srott street to 2032 Pine. At home on third
Wednesdays.
Mrs. Mose Kaufman will be at home the first
Saturday of each month at 1243 Leavenworth
street. H h4
F. E. Maybew of the firm of H. B. Mayhew &
Co., customs and internal revenue brokers,
left aurini? the week via the Sunset lor New
Orleans, Wasnington and New York. He ex
pects to return about February 20.
Dr. B. Apple of 727 Grove street left on Tues
day evening for New York on bla way to Hei
de.berg, Germany, to take a postgraduate
CO U The.
Mrs. B. W. Paul=en and Miss C. Lenhardt
lea ob Saturday evening by the Sunsetlim
ited lor an extended European trip.
Mrs. John H. Rinder left on the steamer
Gaelic last Tuesday for China, accompanied
by her imant sjd and maid, fene will return
abou May 1.
Dr. S. Bishop and family of Reno, Nev., have
removed to this City and have taken ud their
residence at 7*20 Bush street.
court on the stage, will accompany him.
Jules Mersfelder, who has opened his
studio on East Twenty-third street for the
winter, declare* he will give up the regu
lation style of execution hereafter and de
vote all of his time and energy to the new
school of what he terms "soul painting."
He has recently finished a couple of ambi
tious pictures which show poetic feeling
and combine the ideal with the pure and
simple tones nature imparts. "The Oaks"
and "Crimson Twilight" are, perhaps, the
best things Mersfelder has done in some
time. Ho has been very successful in giv
ing art lectures lately. During the month
of February he intends to give his popular
art talks at the Waldorf on the Barbazon
school of painting.
Mr. Mersfeider is in excellent health,
and is inspired with the belief that before
many years America will have its own
recognized school, the same as the French,
Italian and English. He is a native San
Franciscan.
The big shop windows are decked with
all sorts of beautiful valentines. It looks
as though the old sentimental love of St.
Valentine's dsy is being revived some
what It gives one a tiny twinge of sad
ness to find that the little tnrill is absent
which used to send the quick blood to the
cheeks and make the heart throb aloud
with a secret joy. After all, perhaps the
old custom still carries messages of lova
into dull hearts and fluttering hearts, hap
py homes and sad homes. Let us hope so
anyhow. Trella Foltz Tola.\d.
84 Park Row.
Broken line noveities silk and wool,
new goods, to clear out 85c, worth $1 50
yard. City of Paris. •
HOW IT FEELS TO BE BLOWN UP.
General Avery's Experlenc* tVhen 10,
-000 rounds of Dynamite Exploded.
"I suppose that one of the most excit
ing episodes of my lite," remarked Gene
ral Dudley Avery some time since, "was
during a thunderstorm a number of years
ago on Averys Island, when 10,000 pounds
of dynamite exploded. It was a most ex
traordinary happening, and the most re
markable thing of the affair was that I
lived to tell the tale. I was in the vicinity
of the building in which the dynamite
was stored, and when the storm came on
I took shelter under a shed which was
some distance removed from the explo
sive and which was used as a blackamitb
sbop by a man who was employed in this
capacity and who served with me during
the war and at the battle of Shiloh.
"We were chatting together when I felt a
shock, and then to my surprise I saw the
blacksmith going up in the air. I watched
him pass through tie roof of the shed
but the man, who, by the way, was an
mshman, did not seem to getanv further
jrom me. Then I realiztd that I was go
ing up, too. I suppose we must have as
cended for thirty or forty feet, and then
we came down with a rush, reaching the
earth a little disfigured and with lungs in
a state of collapse. When we caught our
breath the Irishman remarked between
his gasps that a little thing like that
couldn't scare us, as we'd both been in
explosions hefore. He was wounded
badly, however, while I escaped with a
few scratches. We found npon coming
?° w " that the ligntning had exploded the
10,000 pounds of dynamite. Where the
storehouse had stood was a hole in the
ground about thirty feet deep, and with a
diameter of fully sixty feet, shaped like
a funnel. Trees in the vicinity were
burned black, and an oak tree, two feet
thick, that had stood twenty feet from the
building, was blown into shreds so fine
that not a vestige could be found. I have
been afraid to go near dynamite ever
since.— New Orleans Times-Democrat."
Didn't Care to Do It.
Western Lanrt Agent— l wish to with
draw my bisr advertisements of city lots
for sale in Riverside Addition.
Newspaper Editor— Eh? What's th«
matter? l>on't you consider my paper a
good advertising medium?
"Oh, yes; the paper ia all right; but I
don't care to attract attention to these lots
tor a while now. We are nearine the sea
son of the year when that land is gener
ally under water."— New York Weekly.
66-1 x. bleached Irish linen damask, our
importation, 75c a yard. City of Paris. »
NEW TO-DAT.
fGOODFORTUNTsSILKTI
I \'i \ ill' AWAY' \
Q JrJ \\ «-*Jjj ft ll ft I 1 g
X Tell your friends about it and come 2
Q in yourself. . }1,000 in prizes given for 8
yl brains. How many words can you make Q
S using only the eight letters in the words $
O FARM NEWS? Proper names and for- Q
v eign words don't count. It is easy as Q
0 the list can't "be a long one. Send today X
S for a free sample copy of FARM NEWS Q
Q containing list of prizes— to the value of Q
js i $I,ooo— and rules of the contest. Some- ■ x
Q body's going to get big prizes ; why not q
V you ? Don't delay, but send today be- 0
2s - fore the chance has slipped away. It is . X
O amusement, instructioa and good o
Q fortune combined. ■ .. - ■ > .. O
8 FARM NEWS, Springfield, O. OLITTLE BROWN MEN
STAY AT HOME
Japanese Have About Ceased
Coming to the United
States.
'hey See Better Chances in Theii
Own Country Than in This
Republic.
The Wages of House Servants Continue
High and Thos N w Here Keep
Up Prices.
. Local observers of the Japanese question
have discovered that immigration from
Jipan has almost ceased. Whether this
laot is due to the Chinese war or to other
pauses no one has yet discovered. It is
believed, however, that the Japanese em
pire offerß superior inducements to its
subjects now, and that the revival of the
arts and sciences at home is highly attrac
tive to the "littie brown men" whose am
bitions in the past led them to try their
fortunes in America.
. Immigration Commissioner Stradley
has just received the annual report of the
Commissioner-General of Immigration,
It shows a great decline in the migration
of Japanese from their own country.
The report of 1895 gave rise to fears that
the Kobe Emigration Company of Japan
would succeed in iniiucing many thou
sands of Japanese to desert their own
country and come to America, but the ex
perience of the past two years has re
moved aL such fears.
The Commissioner of Immigration says
in his report for 1896:
. "The total arrivals of Japanese in this
.country dur.nß the fiscal year, made up of stil
at the port of San Francisco. 466 through Vic
toria, B. C, and 83 by other routes, were 1110,
a 'decrease of 40 as compared with the figures
tor -1.895. I believe that the Japanese in this
country are decreasing in number, and that
trie apprehension of a large migration from
Japan to the United States was without founda
tion, the Kobe Partnership Emigration Com
pany having failed in its purpose oi inducing
many of the Mikado's s lbjects to transfer their
residence to the United Suites.
. The result of the decrease in immigra
tion- is already felt in a general wav in
San Francisco. Two years ago the influx
of Japanese was so great that they threat
ened to run servant girls out of the City.
"Wages were low and were steadily on the
viown grade, because the young Japanese
were all ambitious to learn English and
Tvere willing ro di chores and housework
for-- heir board, or a little more, and tiie
irivL!e.:e of attending night school for an
i.o".r or so each evening. There was com
jetition among them for places, and the
tendency of wages was ever downward.
. Inquiry among various employment
agencies yesterday showed that tnu rices
of -.nese as house rvants are not
. .we.- than they were, but there is a ten
dency to a rise in wages.
The inese of this City have newspa
pers and.they are not slow in the study of
Mich social problems as pertain to their
cwn Hare and wages. >»ews still corves
■from Japan of a revival of indn»try, and
tbe prospects are that there will be a de
crease o: Javanese immieration until eood
time- in Japan give way to an industrial
depression.
BRIGHT'S PROPERTY.
Judge Hebbard Decift«>« That He Has
. » Kight to Get It Back From
Hm isier.
Judpe H-bbard has given judgmen: for
the plaintiff in the case of Robert Briglu
against his sister, Mrs. Mary Craig. The
testimony showed that Mr. Bright deeded
his property to Mr-. Craig oecause lit be
lieved mat he was dying.
.Bright grew better" and demanded the
return of his property many times, but
. his sister refused. On April 18, 1896, a
formal demand was ruade on her and re
f sed, and tuen he comruenced suit. Mrs.
Craig showed that she had expended some
of the money for him and had paid some
taj«s, but the amount wms uncertain. She
thought it was about $2000.
Judge Hebbard cited section 1149 of the
Civi. Code, which reads: "A gift in view
o; deatii is one which is made in contem
p.ation, iear or peril of death, and with
intent that it shall take effect only in case
of the aeatu of the giver."
Section 11.50 is as follows: '-A gift made
during the last illness of the uiver, or un
d«r circumstances which would naturally
irapre-s him with an ext>ectation of
■ speedy death, is presumed to be a eift in
view of death."
Section 1151 provides that a gift in view
of death may be revoked by the giver any
time. 6 J
M The evidence shows," said Judpt Heb
t.ird, "that the case is within the«e sec
tions, and plaintiff is therefore entitled to
a recovry of his property."
. He ordered that a decres be entered in
favor of the plaintiff for the real estaie
«n<l $14,981 37 with interest since April 18,
SYMPATHY FOR INDIA.
G nerous Assistance for the
Starving and Pjague-
Stricken.
The Southern Pacific in the Role of
Samaritan in a Transporta
tion Play.
The Chamber of Commerce is jubilant
over Ihe responsive chord it struck in the
public breast when a maw- meeting was
called to aid the famine-Btricken districts
of India.
Promises of subscriptions are fairly
pouring in not only from the interior of
this State, but from all the Pacific States
as well. Sereral came from as far Kast as
Ogden, and the indications are that ere
long the matter will be widely taken nn
by all the Eastern States. p
In many cases telegrams of encourage
ment have been received. One was sent
by the Mayor of Ogden himself.
Such progress has been made that in a
short time it is expected a ship will be
chartered to convey substantial assistance
to the sufferers. Application was made to
the Southern Pacific Company by George
W. McNear as to how much transporta
tion would be given free. The matter was
duly considered, and yesterday morning
the answer was returned that the company
would transport 1000 tons of grain free to
.this City for shipment to India. The only
proviso made was that other companies
having lines in territory where Southern
| Pacific lines did not reach, would also
i agree to transport the same freight free.
1 This effectually disposes of all trouble
this side of OgJen™and it is believed that
other companies will come iorward with
such proffers of aid as to entirely solve the
problem of transportation. Fully $5000, it
is estimated, will be saved by Ibis offer of
the Southern Pacific Company.
56-inch half bleached Irish linen dam
ask, to cloae out. City of Paris. *
' NEW TO-DAT DRT GOODS.
MONEY-SAVING POSSIBILITIES!^
COLORED DRESS GOODS! To increase this week's output of our Great CURTAINS! PORTIERES!
Sacrifice Clearance Sale to the enormous extent ■r» fc » M . ■■ __„.„«„ « „ — rzr: . *
Tn R/iAwcr IID chd -rijc r\tri ay nr* unusually fine line of Nottin and Irish Point Curtains,
90/» 1 in ? pieces 39-INCH FIGURED MOHAIR SUITING, former price 500 a yard, necessary 1U IVI/\»\E. Ur* rUK IHfc. L>fc.L.AY UU- in a grand assortment of designs, at specially low prices. In addition we
£yjyj I clearance saie price 20c a yard. CASIONED BY LAST WEEK'S STORM is a big" B've Specials in Fine Portieres, both Chenille and Brocatelie Effects. For
9V I 127 pieces 37-INCH GOOD ALL-WOOL DRESS GOODS, in stripes, plain and Undertaking, DUtthe SUCCeSS Of this Undertaking HIGH-GRADE TAPESTRY PORTIERES, richly frineed full widths color ©O nA
&O\j I mixed, former price 50c a yard, clearance sale price 25c a yard. j s assure d by the RADICAL MEASURES effects, OliTe, Rose, Tan and Red, at .'... ...... '. .Pair §>2.90
Kf\o 172 pieces 38-INCH ALL-WOOL FRENCH NOVELTY PLAIDS AND CHECKS, ADOPTED to bring about the desired result, for HEAVIER GRADE FABRICS, in Extra Quality Brocaded Tapestry $j AA
O\Jl> I new and stylish colorings, value for $1 a yard, clearance sale price 50c a yard. eacn and every One Of the COUntleSS lines Specially colors Green, Rose, Tan and Rea, at p ir «p4r.V/V/
K(\f» 174I 74 pieces 43-INCH FILL ALL-WOOL HIGH-CLASS NOVELTY SUITING, Selected for Clearance this Week has been marked HIGH-ART REP EFFECT PORTIERES, in Green, Rose, Tan, Red and ffl»j? AA
OUC| 5t 6 a an t ar" SOrlmeat ° f COlOrineS ' ° rmer Paella yard, clearance sale price dQWn t<J fjgures that make them *' " Pair
, . IRISH POINT CURTAINS, fully 3J4 yards long, good work, at $185, $11A
7XnI 51 pieces 48-INCH SUPERIOR ALL-WOOL FANCY SUITING, bright color- TniHT nAlinn 1111 f\ 11 lllfl■l II A f 90, $3 60 and , Pair <P^.l^
/oeu«. ,„_ w . .^.^.■■^...pr.c.^ . TBADE-GuMPELLING BARGAINS! —gj-j^^j^lg^^. ; *z^ $lM
cii V r^Cn A DT/i/ICIVT'T t • " INGRAIN UNION TAJfEBTRY ART SQUARE CARPETS, in new col- d»X 7X
olL.lv UtiPAKI iVltlN 1 I MEN'S FURNISHINGS. EMBROIDERIES. oringB> 3i " 9xlo^ feet » at * 45 °; 8ize9ll2feet at 5 5 J siz e9xi3^feetat.. q>o,(o
XXn I-5 pieces BLACK BROCADED GROS-GRAIN SILK, medium designs, regular 82 dozen MEN'S HEAVY VI- . rait. WASH GOODS!
0 Ol> | value 75c a yard, clearance sale price 55c. IA/» I CUNA MERINO SOCKS, full
• Ivt I tinished. and with double-spliced Opened up an Elegant Assortment of French Organdies, Printed Irish
fi - c 140 pieces FANCY FIGURED TAFFETA SILK, shaded effects, regular value On^cTaS ZtlS'^ir^"' ° ERY^S-SPprfce 3 Wo* a^rd* X Dimitie5 ' Scotch Art Lappets, Printed Dentelle Bretonne, American and
VOKj |$1 a yard, clearance sale price 65c. v ** v Clearance p?£5!...... ?.._.' .English Batistes, Percales, etc, in select colorings and at our ever popu-
HKn 130 pieces BLACK BROCADED SATIN, medium and laree designs, regular MTXE°D cn M S WEIGHT : Rl A CT C f Last week's successful Blanket Selling will be-con-
*OL |me n a yard, clearance sale price 7oc a yard. , SINO SOCKS, full hnisned. CAMBRIC GUIPnRE EMBROID DLAINKtiIM tinued thls week. Values better than ever. Too
,1 00 |20 pieces 24-INCH BLACK sItTn^UCHESSE, extra heavy ouality. re.v- {^ ' "SS^° 'iL* S an 2 S^ "^ 1()C ZZcT^t iSS"" " *"" "" "" SUrPIUS ' 0 mmS ' *?*
$I.— | lar value $150 a yard, clearance sale price $1. li ht shades, extra value for 25c. Clearance sale price IVt will sell tnem qu:ck. <-. : \-
. Clearance sale price 12J^c a pair. ■ . "~
©100 115 pieces BLACK MOIRE VEU)UR, new designs, regular value $125 a yard, " I^lHlPQ' IflrUr^tc fnnAC nr\d
*1— 1 clearance sale price $1. 55 dozen MEN'S SUPERIOR CAMB RIC NAINSOOK AND m L^Uieb jaCKCIS, CapCS at\Q
*no IQYi^1 Q Yi^^ T wnoT A^Sr^ R in PW IS S' GUIPURE EMBROID- (-A LADIES' TAN COVERT CLOTH JACKETS, 2-button box front, lap pock- fflQ C\~
BLACK DRESS GOODS! IDjC * AMBS ' H \z?X l a < ' ERY special values at 7^e, 12^c, TO e^ former price $7 50 each, clearance sale price ... ... .
RI ACUT nDPQQ nnnnC! IVjC ' 110I 10 " 11 * a ", 5 y , 9haaes - w . lth 15c, 20c and 25c per yard. Just half Or.* r
ISL.ACK LIKtOJ UUUUb! doubie-soliced soles, manufac- regular prices.. .. .T 6t)C LADIES' TAN KERSEY JACKETS, half lined with silk, slashel collar ©7 -A
turer s price $3 25 a dozon. inlaid with velvet, fly front, former price sl2 50 each, clearance sale price f^f 1.0
Clearance sale price 16% c pair. • * T _ •
n- I.<j™ni\vmiiriii!i7.. rcci™ atd*^* . , n LADIES' TWO-TONED BOUCLE CLOTH CAPES, lined with silk s.r e.
3oc ! SjJSi'Sr^.^ fSS. E^ H ALPACA ' " M sood "'" tor "*. a7s"ia A s^' AT DllF nH&HIIMU sets, sssrssssiarstsr?. w h t* Tbi °" fur - former ptice ? » §4.95
tra value ror $150. Clearance , ing this bale at half usual prices. * T
*n« |27 piece! 46-INCH ALL-WOOL FANCY WEAVES, extra Rood value for 75c, Sale price $1 each. LADIES' BLACK PLUSH CAPES, lined with silk serge, handsomely
u\J\j | clearance sale price 50c a yard. beaded, storm collar and fronts edged with black Thibet fur, former ©17 *" (\
„ price $12 60 each, clearance sale price : I .01/
C\ Xp 119 pieces 52-INCH ALL PURE WOOL ENGLISH CHEVIOT, worth $1, clear- * . „ w ,.^ _. _.._ . LADIES' BLACK SERGE DRESS SKIKTS. jined with rustle percaline, 0»Q Q"
"'-»*-' |ance sale price 65c a yard. HOSIERY! HOSIERY! LADIES* KID GLOVES! fuU width, velvet binding, former price $5 each, clearance sale price.... $D.t^
jjf) L\ s ?n*^ n Hvvp I 'S?w IM^ O rt«l. D 97 doien 2-CLASP KID GLOVES, £2]
0&J BLACK lOIIU> HOBb, embroidered backs, in dark, me- fflt
jflL 1"* .oubie heels and toes, Herms- dium and tan shades worth regular Hr A f^L
»^ I^o dorf dye regular price 2c. $l ir Clearance sale price. ... tot l^B^
MHk Clearance .Sale price 15c per r a /
/ &/ a jAfl% frfta aW A £ - BLACK MACO COTTON HOSK, 100 dozen i-BUTTON KID GLOVES. Bfl / W &ffi *t/ki J^ $ J&
I a 1 MS ffl Isi jhZsLr W a. M </P^^\ Q5 1 * I bigu-sp'iced heels, double soles embroidered backs and large but- * ml 0 /Kg [gl j^T^WT^ A^jy M
/ rs M /"' \J\yHftt /I f\ff d(r J OD3O | and toes, Hermsdorf dye, rogu- tons, in dark and medium tan I Ml j£ £g YJ^// B 0 ** ,«•*. W^ ■■nr»m
\ M ra IS Jl 1/ B jL/ OSb 6^ Jl/j^F Cjl lar - priCe 50 °" leara ' nce Sale RhH.les, also black, wortb regular yr. \M \ M ttsLdlA // M Jj/ & jf% *J&As Jw&W
/S*/MVW WW&WV&rf m WW^/ PORTED BLACK RIBBED 97 dozen 8-BUTTON LENGTH J^jßS^ffl^fcN / ™^ WWWF W^ / IBr Vg
/ MWJ*JW<jO-4/ / IV* I CABHMERK WOOL HOSE. MOVSQUETAIRE UNDRESSED / M f s 43sss2r 'MUY'PWTT BTJELDH?CI. £
fg / ElH** o'^0 '^ / 0030 I double Knees, heeis. sole 3 and KID GLOVES, in dark and medium £Hi BB*^ i«i«in\», m
I Brf Ew mftdduv Dim 1-^iw.t/- / toes, regular price 50c, will be tan shades, worth regular $1 75 a&f.OO §HI /T __ i 1 ni_ . r _ £
IMi EF IVIUKKMY BUILbINU, / closed out at 33^c per pair. pair. Clearance sale i>nce $1— / £3 1 A' WIQPI/'Ol VITDOI PfIPTIDT fit IflHQfl £
L/l/ ffiariet Street, Corner of JonesL / — — ; — [/{/ mm oUBtil mm Ul " M ™> /
san Franoisoo. ' ' See "Chronicle" and M ExaminBr" for additional Bargain Offerings. skA-isr phajjcisco
Review of Mines and
Mining in California
Tlrer L. Ford spent days last week at t
Sacramento in the interest of the mining leg
islation s'lugluby the Miners' Association. A
large number oi bills relating to mining
affairs, several being in addition to those pre
sented bythe Miners' Associailon, are pending
in the Legislature at various stages of prog
ress. The cood feeling between the miners
and the valley people remains undisturbed
and in spite of the presence of some opposi
tion the miners will likely get about what
they ask for this year, especially as they are
asking no new appropriation or any legisla
tion affecting any other c. asses unla\orablv.
Mr. Ford yesterday stated the condition of
mining legislation at Sacramento as follows:
"I was especially interested in -he bil re
approprititin? ior resrsining-dams the $250,
--000 now in the treasury for that purpose ;ind
probably unavailable through a technicality.
1 found that it had been reported favorably
by two committees in the A.-^embly and its
second reading nas been made a special order
for Tuesday next. Then? is plenty of strength
to pass it in the Assembly. The opposition, |
which is not great, is led by Dibble of San |
Francisco, the only City member opposing It
Chynoweth of Orange is also against it Dibble
tries to delay it and to keep up the false im
pression that it is an appropriation which will
take money out of i.he treasury. The Senators j
from the mining counties are not so harmoni- j
ous about it, though they differ only about de
tails. The bill will pass the Senate easily if
the mining Senators only agree. If any ag
gressive oj.position to the bill appears it will
be when it comes up for final passage. >
"The feeling in the Legislature is friendly to
the miners and any reasonable legislation they
ask for will be passed. There is no dangerous
organized opposition, and it seems only ne
cessary to see that the measures do not get lost.
The bill relating to mining locations, approved
by the Miners' Association, has been reported
back favorably, with some amendments ia the
Assembly and without amendments in the
Senate. We presented bills absolutely repeal
ing the obnoxious statutes allowing any stock
holder to recover $1000 for the failure of a
miningcorporation to post a statement of cur
rent accounts monthly and requiring the con
sent of two-thirds of the stockholders to s»U
real estate belonging to a corporation. In
committee these laws have been modified,
allowing the stockholder only actual damages,
thus curtailing the opportunity for blackmail,
and providing that a majority vote of the
stockholders may dispose of property. The
bill giving a min-.T a lien on a inine located
in agricultural ground as weil as in a mine
located under the mining laivs will undoubt
edly pass. Other measures relating to matters
of detail may be passed."
The promised great and rapid mining de
velopment of British Columbia will di.spay
rich mines and extensive paying enterprises
without doubt, but it also promises to be at
tended by a good deal of wildcatting and to
suffer from the over-capitalization of mines
and the marketing of worthless properties. It
is stated that the total capital stock of thirteen
mining companies fo mcd in British Columbia
last week was $10,300,000, all of which com
panies may possibly be conservative and suc
cessful. But Engiish capital is turning with
special indulgence to British Columbia, and
this year will doubtless see many brave at
tempts on the part of speculative promoters to
float large stock companies in London and
elsewhere and a considerable percentage of
disasters. In this connection the following
paragraphs about our neighbors from the
financial column of the current issue of Lon
don Truth are interesting flashes from the
great center of mining investment:
The New Uoidfielis of British Columbia, Limited,
has been formed to conduct the business usually
carried on by an exploration and agency company,
more particularly in the province of British co-
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SU N D \Y, FEBRUARY 7. 1897.
I lurnbla The capital Is fixed at £250,000 In £1
shares. The object of the promoter-, of this com
pany is. no doubt, to do a big business if the? are
successful in getting the money. According to ihe
prospectus they do not' po-sess a single property,
every;h:ng is In the future, and the directors will
await the advice of the Canadian advisory bo.ird
| (who are very far off) before entering into any con
tracts. This is rather curio is. but if the public
find the money, properties of some sort or another
no doubt will be found.
A cnrlous circumstance Is revealed by a letter
sent by Messrs. Lumley <fe J,nmley to the financial
pre»»: The New Gold fields of Bti'ish Columbia,
Limited, th ■ prospectus of which was issued a few
days ago, will hay* a namesake under the tile
of the QoMfields of British « o'u-nbia. Limited,
and.it may be assumed that the latter company
was registered before the one which has just been
so hurriedly brought out. I do not think much of the
New Golafietfsof British Columbia. Limi'ed. and I
hope, trier-fore, that the other undertaking will be
a more valuable one. I need bard'.y warn my
readers that they siiould be extremely careful with
reference to new British Columbian enterprise*,
of which I hear we are to have quite a rush,
Dan de Quille completes In the current num
ber of the Mining and Scientific Press a highly
interesting account of the possibilities of
American Flat and the proposition being
talked of by mining men of Virginia City and
! Gold Hill of draining the "flat" by a tunnel
! which would cut through the underlying
I quartz veins at a depth of irom 1000 to 1500
feet. The mountain would thus be prospected
and drained at the same time.
American Flat is a baMn-like depression
covering several hundrea acres, south of the
Gold Hill mines. There are many quartz
lodes below the basin, and there was a rush to
them in the Doom times, when American City
nourished on the flat. Most of the mines
were drowned out by the floods of surface water
at 500 feet or so, and where the battle was
kept up with powerful pumps, final defeat was
acknowledged at 800 to 1000 feet. In the
abandoned Rock Island is a wide vein yield*
ing ore running from $80 to $100 a ton, and
in the Baltimore, silver ores running higher
were found. There Is a large supply of the
opinion that a main brancn of the Comstock
lodo underlies American Flat, and that
bonanzas are hidden there. The Idea is to ex
tend the Sutro drain tunnel to American Flat
from the Crown Point or the Alta on the Com
stock, the length of the extension required
being 7500 feet Irom the Alta. This is an
alluring scheme, and seems to carry the last
possibility that the glories of the boom times
will ever return Vo Virginia City.
The illustrated lecture on the cyanide pro
cess delivered in Academy of Sciences Uall
last Monday evening by Professor S. 3. Chrlßty
of the State University greatly Interested an
audience that overflowed the hall. Professor
Christy has long given special stady to the
problems connected with this comparatively
new method of gold extraction, and he nas
made important contributions to the science
and literature of it. His laboratory history of
the process was of special interest to metal
lurgists present. One of the things that he
em; hasized was that the delicate process
could not be successfully operated by any one
but an expert cliemlst and metallurgist. It
would not do to set up a fine plant and hire a
muscular miner to operate it. Tnere is much
advance to be made in this process, but, valu
able as it is and will remain, it will continue
to be one rather supplementary of the older
proce-ses. Professor Christy adrised the saving
of all tailings of as low a value as 50 cents
a ton, aa they might be sold at a profit one of
these daya. The problems connected with the
cyanide process with which metallurgists are
now laboring concern mainly the getting of
the gold out of the solution after it hai been
dissolved. The cyanide process as already put
iuto practical operation mine treatment of
tailings and low-grade material which could
not be worked at a profit by any other known
m-jthod is an invention of tremendous value,
but its cheapness and effectiveness will be
greatly increased in the near future without
doubt. Though the interest in the cyanide
process is very wide in California, this State Is
yet far behind other portions of the West in
its adoption, there being but five plants in op
eration so far.
Much prospecting it> being done in the
j Panam'nt district, east of Randsourg.
A ledge of onyx has Deen discovered in Elko
County, Nev.
A syndicate of Pomona capitalists have ne
gotiated the purchase from D. C. Lane fur
$80,000 nf the i,asl Chance No. 2, Southwest
and Sunshine mines, in Inyo County, A new
10-stamp mill will be erected and develop
ment pushed.
There is In contemplation a plan to convert
the smoke of the bit; smelters at Butte, Mont.,
intobulphur. It has been asserted thai $2,
--000,000 worth of valuable substances goes to
waste annually in the smelters there.
The Mountain Copper Company, limited, is
to enlarge its great smelting plant at Kes
wick, Shasta County, by the erection of 100
additional stall roasters and two smelting fur
naces. This will give the smelter four fur
naces with a total capacity of 1440 tons every
twenty-four hours.
The new mining companies registered In
London in 1896 numbered 857 with a total
capitalization of 94,419,194 pounds. Tins
phows a considerable decrease compared with
1895, which ls^due to the crest falling off in
the formation of New South Africa companies.
There was an increase in the companies formed
to operate in the other gold fieldsof the world.
This is another showing of the fact that the
South Africa boom has passed its zenith and
that English capital Is turning to other fields.
The coal product of Oregon in 1895 was
73,685 tons, valued at the mines at $248,000,
n great increase over 1894, and the product for
1896 will probably be placed at similar figures.
Part 1 of the seventeenth annual report of the
United Btates Geological Surver.recently issued
contains a preliminary reportou the coal meas
ures and mines of Oregon. The known fields
are all west of the Cascade ranee and north of
the Royal River. Topographical surveys are
in progress.
The Union Iron Works has never had on
hand so large au amount of mining work as at
present The most notab'.e orders which it
has in hand include a 120-stamp mill for the
Diamond Hill mine, Montana, a 100
--stamp mill for Cobitr gold mine, Australia, and
two large hoists lor the Anaconda. The new
plant for the Diamond Hill, which has been
purchased by a Scotch syndicate, will be in
operation about June. Electrical power will
be conveyed three and a half miles. The
hoists for the Anaconda copper mine are of
250 horsepower and direct acting, and are
additional to the tnree sufficient last fall.
The first mining by dredging in Southern
Orogon is to be done by a Mr. Frader of Red
ding, this State, who intends to thus work tne
bars of Rogue River, near Pickett Creek.
The Risdon Irou Works are to supply a ten
stamp mill and other equipments to the
French Flagstaff Mining Company of Baker
City, Oregon.
The Blue Gravel mine near Yreka is about
to be reopened by San Francisco men Who
have bought a majority interest from H. H.
Hunter.
Operations on the Mlnetti B mine on the
Klamath River were suspended a few days
ago temporarily owing to the failure of the
suspension bridge lor the new pipe line
across the river. When the water was turned
Into the 22-inch pipe the weight caused the
bridge to sag several feet owing to the weak*
ness of the abutments.
The new Klamath Flume and Mining Com
pany, composed of Portland men, will this
year expend $50,000 on the No' ton properties
in the Happy Camp District, Siskiyou County,
in which the company recently bought a
three-quarter interest. Worit on a 14-mile
flume will be rushed.
The Summit Mining Company, of which
Frank W. Page is the head, has bought the
Fortuna mining claims near Nevada City for
$50,000, will erect an electric power plant and
is seeking a franchise to introduce electric
power into Marysville by nlilizing the water
power of the Browns Valley irrigation district.
The company will sink the 400-fooi shaft to
1000 feet.
The Morning Star mine of lowa Hill has de
clared dividend 67 of $4 a share..
A fine body of ore has been struck in the
600 level of the Pituburg mine at Grass Val
ley.
The Riverside County Miners' Association
will affiliate with the State Miners' Associ
ation, making the thirteenth county association
to join. Id the spring the Amador County As
sociation will be revived and reorganized and
it will probably be the next one to add strength
to the State association.
The Denver News puts the gold production
ol Colorado in 1896 at $16,500,000 and clussi
fies it by process as follows: .Smelting $12,750,
--000, mills and placers $2,000,000, cyanide and
chlorination 511,250,000 The State's cyanide
capacity is now 450 tons a day and the
chlorination capacity 300 tons daily. It is
asserted that In three years $1,500,000 of min
ing capital has been wasted in process experi
ments which failed.
San Diego now has a proposed smelter to
talk about and Chicago capitalists are con
nected with it.
San Francisco men have bonded the Walker
mine in El Dorado County aid will erect a five
stamp mill.
At s meeting of the miners of Riverside
County fu Perris, Cal., a week ago, the follow
ing resolutions were adopted: That our repre
sentatives in Congress be instructed to use
every effort to secure the passage
of the mineral lands bill at the present
session of Congress; that our representa
tives in Congress be Instructed to
support and urge the adoption of
the resolution recently Introduced by Senator
Perkins, looking toward the establishment of
a secretaryship of mines and minerals; that
our representatives in Congress be requested
to support the passage of an amendment to
section 2326 of the Revised Statutes of the
United States, denning what shall constitute
a placer claim; that we are heartily in sym
pathy with the purpose and objects of the
California State Miners' Association and de
sire to co-operate therewith; that the District
Recorder of every organized mining district
within the State be required by law to file
witn the County Recorder a transcript of all
notices of location recorded by him every
three months.
WHY THEY WERE FAVORED
That Is an I- qu-ry Before the
Grand Jury Concerning
Morgan & Co.
Their Bid for Heatin; the Mission
High School Accepted Though
It Was Highest.
The Grand Jury on Friday showed an
active interest in Morgan & Co.'s contract
for heating the new Mission High School.
There were several bids for the work and
Morgan & Go.'s was the highest. Mor
gan & Co. 'a plans conflict with the plans of
the architect and necessitate a remodeling
of the latter, which adds several thousand
dollars to the cost of the building. Not
withstanding this fact, together with that
other that their bid of $9496 was consider
ably above that of the next highest bid
der, the contract was given to Morgan &
Co. This is why the Grand Jury, which
it especially organized for the purpose of
asking questions about peculiar trans
actions of this kind in the public service,
has evinced such a lively interest in Mor
gan & Go.'s contract.
They are anxious to learn why the con
tract was awarded by the Board of Educa
tion to the hignest bidder in tbe first in
stance, and in the second why a plan of
heating was adopted that could not be
made to conform to the architect's plans
for ihe building.
In the midst of their search for informa
tion they detailed a committee to go round
to the offices of the Board of Education to
secure the plans left there on file by the
contracting company as required by a
paragraph of their contract, and the com
mittee was informed that Morgan & Co.
had withdrawn the copy of the plans and
that therefore the jury could not see
them.
The effect of this, as might be guessed,
was to whet the curiosity of the jury.
They will insist upon seeing the original
specifications, the architect's plans, Mor
gan & Co.'s plans and all tbe other plans
and bids. Ther will insist upon knowing
all about this odd transaction.
A number ofwitn sses were heard on
Friday in the matter, am"ng them being
W. B. Webster, representing W. W. Mon
tague & Co., W. Cronin, the Novelty Iron
Company, J. G. Grannis & Co., A. E. Cross
and George H. Tay &Co. The matter will
be pursued further this week.
Reed and Dockery.
Speaker Reed and Congressman Dockery
are getting quite chummy nowadays. Mr.
Dockery makes suggestions and loafs up
around the Speaker's desk a good deal.
Yesterday, says the Washington Times, he
corrected an announcement made by the
Speaker, and the correction was gracefully
received.
The other day there was a sharp little
tilt between Mr. Barrett and the St eaker.
Mr. Reed was at great pains to make his
ruling clear, but Mr. Barrett insisted
that a clear interpretation of the English
language showed the Speaker to be wrong.
"Tne interpretation may not be correct,
bat the House has thought it correct for
a long time."
By this time Mr. Dockery was leaning
on the side of the Speaker's desk.
"That was right, wasn't it, Dockery?"
whi»r>ered the Speaker.
"Most undoubtedly," aaid the Missouri
man, and business proceeded.
RW TO.QAY.
FREE TO EVERY MAN.
THE METHOD OF A GREAT TREATMENT
FUR WEALWSS OF MEW.
WHICH CURED HIM AFTER EVERY-
THING ELSE FAILED.
Painful diseases are bad enough, but when a
man is slowly wasting away with nervous
weakness the mental forebodings are ten
times worse than the mo>t severe pain. There
is no let up to the mental . suffering day or
night. Sleep is almost impossible, and under
such a strain men are scarcely responsible for
what they do. For years the'writer rolled and
tosaed on the troubled sea of sexual weakness
until it was a question whether he had not
better take a dose of poison and thus end all
his throubles. But providential inspiration
came to his aid in the Bhape of a combination
of medicines that not only completely restored
the general health, but enlarged his weak,
emaciated parts to natural size and vigor, and
he now declares that any man who will take
the trouble to send his name and address may
have the method of this wonderful treatment
free. Now, when I say free I mean absolutely
without cost, because I want every weakened
man to get the benefit of my experience.
lam not a philanthropist, nor do I pose as
an enthusiast, but there are thousands of men
suffering the mental tortures of weakened
manhood who would be cured at once could
they but get such a remedy as the one thai'
cured me. Do not try to study out how I can
afford to pay the few postage-stamps necessary
to mall the information, but send for it ana
learn that there are a few things on earth
that, although they cost nothing to get, are
worth a fortune to some men and mean a life-
time of happlnesa to most oi us. Write to
Thomas Slater, box 2283, Kalamasoo, Mich.,
and the inferrcntior will be mailed In a plain
| sealed envelope.
"bazaar*
Valentines!
COMICS, "Latest Hits" ........20 for 5c
fintirelv Npw Line of Artistic Designs In plain
cards from 8 for 5c to sOc each
Lace Valentines with envelopes from
2. for 5c to 25c each
Fancy Satin and Celluloid Novelties In boxes
from 100 to 51. 50 each
sheet nusic r A c .
4000 TITLES JU
ALUEW kW POPULAR PIECES
At 33J per Cent Discount From
Publishers* Prices.
SEND FOR CATALOGUE.
MASKS AP MASQUERADE SUPPLIES
AT LOWEST PRICES.
718 m.a.:r,is:et street.
00000000-0000-O
AN EXCELLENT
Tl 7FC A T Properly prepared and
IVI Tit r\ I promptly served, can
.■*•»*•*- **■ *J— / always be obtained in
THE GRILL RCOM OF THE
Decided iv the T"*l ATA •*l *
Most Pbpalar MAI A I H
Dining Apart- * XjLJL-fi^V-11-j
ment in town. rwimnniin 'n m i iiwnin
0000000000000
|p3 Cklebeater's En»!I«h Diaaaecd Brand. -
Pennyroyal pills
EMNYROYAL PILLS
P X"\ Original »nd Only Genuine. A
y«/TK.A **re, »Iwbt« relUbU. l*dics uk j«\
JiTi VIM Dragjlrt tor ChicUfter • £.-w<u/t Diajff^\
t^t&ti£3&.mond Brand in Red and C-ctd meullic\\|H#
T_ — TVByalwx-. lealed with blue ribbon. T»ko Vy ;
iT? 4^ WJ«>» other. Rtfute dartgtrowt tubttif* V 1
1 / flr '«i"" and imitation* ■ At DrugfiiU. «r Mod
I W _p la «t»tnpr for p»rtlo»l»rt, trstlaanUU aa4
\V* B "Relief for LaAlea." in lettv, bj i»t ia
J< i^ M»IL 10.000 TMtimoDiili. A-am.A~i
- /V*trli«t4>r Caemlo«a Co.,Madl<K.B B«am
Wilt •iltw-c>acttiw. ' s»hir./]S.°pg
2122
BUNDIY FEBRUaKY 7, 1397
CHARLES M. StiOKTRIDQE,
Editor and Proprietor.
SUBSCRIPTION RATES-Postaea Free:
Dally »nd Sunday Call, one week, by rarrt»r. .f0.19
Pallr and Sunday Call, oi.e year, by ma 11...'. 6.00
Dally and Sunday Cam, six months, by mall.. 8.00
Daily and Sunday Call, three months by mall 1.60
Daily and Ennday Call, one month, by mall.. .65
bunaay Call, one year, by mall. 1-&0
Vviijtn CALi., on* year, by mail mm *-6fl
BUSINESS OFPICBt
710 Market Street,
Sun Francisco, California.
Telephone MiJb-IIM
EDITORIAL ROOMS:
017 Clay treat.
TflrpfcMM M«4B-1i74
BRANCH OPFICBSt
627 Montgomery street, corner Clay; open ontU
9:SO o'clock.
359 Eayee strMt; open until 9:30 o'clock.
613 I.arkln street: open until 9:80 o'clock.
BW. corner Sixteenth and Mission streets; opes
antll 9 o'clock.
2518 Mission street: open until 9 o'clock.
167 Ninth street; open until 9 o'clock.
1305 Fo'.ic street; open nntil 9:30 o'clock.
OAKLAND OFFICB:
cOb Broadway.
EASTERN OFFICB:
Ilooma 81 and 88, 34 Park Row, New Tork City*
DAVID M. FOLTZ, Eastern Manager.
THE CALL SPEAKS FOR ALL.
THE FAKE AND THE FACT.
T"E€E3 FAKE
The Examiner published for several days at the
top of its title page the following fake:
THE EXAMINER PUBLISHED
249,757 Inches
Of Ads During 1896.
5964 More
Than were published by any
other San Francisco newspaper.
In the publication of this fake the Examiner
vis probably not aware that a careful record was
being kept of the actual amount in Inches of its
Bdvrrtltiog and that in consequence It could be
confronted with the following fact.
THE FACT
THE EXAMINER PUBLISHED
236,528 Inches
Of Ads During J896.
That is one fact and here is an
other :
THE CALL PUBLISHED
239,551 Inches
Of Ads During 1896.
3,023 More
Inches were published in
THE CALL than in the
Examiner during J896.
It Is to be remembered that daring 1898 the
Examiner published approximately 800 Inches of
Illegal lottery advertisements, of which The Call
did not and would not publish one.
'1 he monarch of the fakers has doubtless suc
ceeded in securing thousands of inches of adver
tising during the past year by dup;nj and deceiv
ing advertisers through false and arrogant asser
tions of the character of the foregoing fake. It
■would seem, however, from the facts tbat the
merchants as a rule have not been misled by Us
lraudulent pretenses.
The Examiner boasts that Its hooks are open to
Inspection, but we suggest that it Inspect its own
looks before it ventures UDOn the publication of
another fake.
We congratulate the public on the fact that the
fxrosure of this fake led the Examiner to drop it
yesterday. In this the Examiner was discreet, and
if It it wise it will make no mere such bold at
tempts to deceive the public.
Beware of the tarred boodler.
Bragging of a fake doesn't make it
news.
The Examiner will now try to dig up
some hush money for the Butler paono
graph.
In offering home-rule to Cuba, the
Spanish play a good card, but it isn't
trumps.
If Willie Hearst were not a sharer in
the rascality of his subordinates he would
prosecute some of them.
A sign of the times — Hearst. Lawrence
and Bierce; Turners, Twisters and Steal
workers. Examiner editorial-rooms.
In several Legislatures bills have been
introduced this winter to forbid football
matches — and the cranks keep turning.
The Chronicle yesterday wrung so much
of the lie out of the Examiner's brag on its
news service that there isn't any brag
left.
Huntington pays Hearst, Hearst pays
Lawrence, Lawrence pays Bierce and the
end is not yet; there is still the devil to
pay.
It goei without saying that the Exam
iner's interview with Butler was received
over the same wire as the Li Yung Yuen
dispatch.
Unless another subsidy is forthcoming
from some corporation the Examiner will
drop its telegrams altogether and rely on
fakes and stale stories for news.
To publish a dispatch a day after it has
appeared in other papers and then brag of
it as a scoop is Long Green's idea of the
way to run a fake paper when subsidies
glva out.
The Examiner asserted yesterday that it
Bent Senator Money to Cuba as its repre
sentative, and if the report ever gets to
Washington Money will talk war in a
way that will make Willie crawl.
The Chronicle was slightly in error yes
terday in charging the Examiner managers
with an overuse of the pastepot. It is a
tar-bucket they use in that office for news
and advertisements as well as for business.
Long Green is his name.
And I will not deny
In regard to that same
What his name might imply.
But tne way he works Willie "is peculiar,
And he isn't too c'reeti to be sly.
Concerning the statement of Sam Jones
that hell is within half a mile of Boston,
all we have to say is that we have noticed
an extraordinary eagerness on the part of
the Boston fellows to incorporate their
buburbs.
SENSATIONAL METHODS.
In exposing yesterday the .•ensational and fraudulent methods by which the
Examiner seeks to obtain a -reputation as a newsgatnerer the Chronicle threw a
striking sidelight upon the course of the Examiner in dealing with municipal af
fairs as exposed by The Call. The methods of the blackmailing sheet in
faking news are not widely different from those which it employs in faking public
opinion in order to extort money from wealthy corporations.
Among the recent frauds upon the public perpetrated by the Examiner in its
news columns are the sensational Creelman dispatch announcing that the
President of the United States had entered into a secret conspiracy with the Spanish
Government for ihe purpose of crushing Cuba, the farcical report of a dispatch
from the Emperor of China to Li Yung Yuen announcing that he had arrested all
the relatives of the murderers of Little Pete, between midnight and 4 o'clock of
the day following the murder; and last, tbe fake interview with the Australian
suspect, Butler, which Butler has emphatically denied, both to the press and
through the medium of a phonograph.
These three salient fakes are a little more conspicuous than the others, bui
thare were many published between the date of the Creelman dispatch and the
Butler interview which were equally false and fraudulent, though not so sensational
at the time.
In addition to fake news the Examiner runs fake advertisements ■which it obtains
by offering a "yard of daisies" or a "yard of pups" to any one who will bring them
in. These advertisements are not genuine. They are frauds upon the people, and any
one who expends even as much as a postage stamp in answering them is to that
extent swindled by the faker. Moreover, the Examiner seeks to further defraud the
people In its advertising, as it does in its news, by wholesale lying in its editorial
columns. As it braggartly and impudently announces every now and then some
worthless fake or stale story as a scoop in news, so does it exaggerate and lie about
its advertising in order to deceive people into the belief that merchants regard it as
a good medium for making known their business to the public.
The faker of news and the faker of advertising is consistently enough the faker of
principle and of public opinion. When it observes that any strong popular senti
ment is directed to a particular object it begins at once to devise a means of deriv
ing a profit from It. If the movement happens to be a general demand for a
cneaper service by some public corporation, the faker at once becomes a black
mailer. It directs its energies to inflaming the public mind by appeals to passion,
to prejudice and to ignorance in order to work up a force which it can use to enrich
the pocket of its proprietor, or his subordinates, by extorting money for silence.
The course taken by the blackmailers in the present contest for cheaper water
and cheaper gas is an illustration of its methods. While The Cam, urged the
Supervisors to perform their full duty in niakine a thorough investigation of the
affairs of the water and gas companies, in order that data might be obtained on
which to base an accurate calculation as to what would be reasonable rates for
water and gas in this City, the Examiner took a different course. It began to de
nounce former Boards of Supervisors as boodlers, the corporations as extortioners,
and to demand arbitrary reductions which in their nature would be a spoliation
of the capital invested in the company.
Here again it showed its capacity for lakes and its delight in sensationalism, as
it had done in its dispatches from Creelman and the Emperor of China. This
time, however, it meant eomething more than to delude the public. It desired to
obtain from the water and the pas companies subsidies like that which It ob
tained from the Southern Pacific Company when it received ?1000 a month in
payment for "fair treatment."
The exposure of these repeated fakes, frauds, swindles, lies and successful and
unsuccessful attempts at blackmail on the part ot the managers of the Examiner
have long since disgusted the people, but it is the duty of legitimate journalism to
expose them again and again as often as they occur. Vice cannot be crushed by
letting it alone. It is never safe to overlook a stale egg until it has been buried,
nor to ignore a skunk until he has been killed and his skin nailed to the wall as a
warning to others of his kind to keep off the premises.
"We are aware that Mr. Hearst has repeatedly endeavored to exonerate him
self from the shame and disgrace of the frauds and blackmailing schemes which
have been exposed in the Examiner office by throwing the blame upon his subordi
nates. The public, however, cannot permit him to excuse himself on such false
pretenses. If his subordinates have not divided with him the plunder obtained by
fraud and extortion, why has he not prosecuted them? Why has he continued to
keep some of the foulest among them in his pay? Wny i? it that he is forced to
employ dishonest men to run his paper? Why does he keep men around him who
have £o little reputation to lose that they are willing to bear the odium and the
odor of the Examiner when he throws it upon them?
MATTHEW G. UPTON.
Ry the deatn of Matthew Q. Upton
California loses one of the ablest, most
forceful and roost useful of that genera
tion of journalists which is now rapidly
passing away. He was one of the pioneer
editors of the State, and throughout his
life served as an exemplar of the virtues
and talents which made the early journal
ism of California remarkable for the great
ness of its accomplishments and the
power with which it molded public
opinion.
Although he served the profession of
journalism in many ways, his most dis
tinguished services to it and to the State
were rendered as an editorial writer. For
this work he had a native talent which he
developed to its highest power by careful
study, incessant exercise and a high ap
preciation of its importance to the world.
With him editorial writing was something
more than a transitory comment upon
passing events. He made it a means of
public education, and in his hands it
served the purpose of warning the people
of every danger which threatened their
municipal ana National Hie, and of direct
ing them as to what course they should
pursue in politics to guard their personal
interest and their public welfare.
His services to San Francisco are among
the greatest which have been rendered by
any citizen. He made a careful study of
all municipal affairs, and being devoted
to the cause of honesty and truth, as well
as of municipal progress, he became a
fearless and efficient champion of popular
rights and interests against all forms of
evil or of injury which threatened them.
It is to be doubted whether any editorial
writer of hia time exerted a stronger influ
ence upon the community in which he
lived, and it is to the credit of the people
of San Francisco that they recognized his
usefulness and were prompt to follow his
leadership in matters of public concern.
California can ill afford to lose a man ol
■ucb character in the editorial profession
at this time. His trenchant pen is needed
now to redeem the noble profession of
journalism from the taint and stain of
those sensational and vicious newspapers
which are so aptly called "decadent." It
Is needed also to stiil guard the public
welfare against the assaults of blackmail
ers and corrupt rascals of all kinds. It is
true that there are still men to uphold the
cause which he so ably championed, and
that there remain great newspapers to set
forth in California the principles of right
and legitimate journalism, but none the
less we can ill afford to spare the man who
was so eminent in bis service to the pro
fession and to the State.
If the Examiner would expend more
money, care and energy on its news
service, it would not have to resort to so
many fakes to keep subscribers and adver
tisers, nor would it have to brag so fre
quently in its editorials to make up for
the discredit of its local reports and foreign
telegrams.
Fake advertisement given with a yard
of pups for 15 cents may b« profitable to
the fake Journal that runs them, but they
are frauds upon the public and swindle
every man who is deceived into spending
as much as a postage-stamp to answer
one of them.
It is all very well for Willie Hearst to
declare whenever a new Examiner scandal
comes out that his confidence has been
betrayed by dishonest employes, but if he
doesn't profit Dy their dishonesty why
doea he employ that kind of men?
In order that he may throw the blame
of the frauds and fakes in his papers upon
his subordinates, Willie Hearst takes good
care to employ subordinates who have no
reputation to lose.
If all the counties get all they want there
will be big bills to pay.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 7, 1897.
THE NEW TARIFF.
The work of framing the new tariff law
has been so well advanced by the Repub
lican members of the Ways and Means
Committee that it has been possible to
make public a general outline of the rate
of duty which will be imposed on the
more important articles of import which
come into competition with American
products. The advanced report as given
is full of encouragement to the industries
of all sections of the country, inasmuch
as it dyes assurance that they will be pro
vided in the bill with an adequate pro
tection against the cheap labor of foreign
countries.
Broadly speaking, the new tariff Is de
signed to provide the country with about
$50,000,000 increase of annual revenue,
comprehensive proteciion to American
industry and the re-establishment of a
system of reciprocity treaties which will
open for American produce profitable
markets on equal terms in all parts of the
globe. Each of these three things is in
itaeif good, and taken together they form
an aggregation of industrial and com
mercial benefits whose value to the
country and the people it would be hard
to overrate.
It is satisfactory to note that due atten
tion is paid in the tariff to the importance
of protection to the agricultural industries
of the country. There will be no more
of the folly of free trade in the so-called
raw material importations. The country
has now learned that what is called the
raw material of one industry is the fin
ished product of another. Wool is the
raw material of the manufacturer, but it
is the hiehest form of the product of the
work of the sheep-grower. It is necessary
therefore to impose a protective duty on
wool as well as on woollen goods if we are
to deal fairiy with farmers as well as man
ufacturers. The required protection will
be given in the new tariff, not only on
wool, but on all other farm products, and
the agricultural interests of the country
will be relieved by its operation from the
long depression which has followed the
adoption of the Democratic tariff.
So far as the work of the f Tamers of the
tariff has gone the industries of California
have received adequate consideration.
We share in the benefits which will be de
rived by the whole country In the restora
tion of the McKinley rates of duties upon
the products of farms and market-gar
dens. Therates upon oranges and lemons
have not yet been faxed, but it is reported
they will be adjusted in a manner to meet
the wishes of California fruit-growers.
The duty provided for imported cattle will
afford to ihe stock-raisers of California
and the Southwest generally a sufficient
protection against the competition of
Mexico. Taken altogether California
fares well, and along with the rest of the
country has good reason to be satisfied
with the terms of the proposed measure
and gratified with the prospect of its
speedy enactment in an extra session of
Congress.
PLUG-HAT CENTENNIAL.
News comes to us from London that
they have been celebrating over there
the hundredth birthday of the plug hat.
The inventor of this imposing style of
headgear was John Hetherjngton, and be
made liis tirst public appearance under it
on the 15th of January, 1797.
So startling was the innovation in head
gear that on the 16th of January, 1797, the
inventor was arrested and brought before
the Lord Mayor charged with a breach of
the peace and with inciting a riot. The
prosecution proved that several timid
women fainted when they saw the strange
fight coming down the street, that chil
dren screamed, and that a young man was
run over and got his arm broken in the
panic that resulted.
In his defense the inventor maintained
«■ stoutly as the ladies of Chicago are
now said to be maintaining the momentous
theater-hat question that be had a free
man's right to dress as he pleased. That
his plea was sound is shown by the result.
He succeeded, despite of fainting women
and the protests of the prosecuting offi
cers of the Crown, in introducing the tall
and shiny tile, and bis service to fashion
has merited commemoration In the cen
tennial just celebrated with glorious pomp
and circumstance.
London did well to celebrate the cen
tennial of the advent of the hat nick
named "plug." but rightly called ''silk."
Its merit is proved by the fact that, unlike
other fashions, it has not tired humanity
in a hundred years. Without it modern
dress would lack its finest touch. It is
often ridiculed, but it holds its topmost
place unshaken in the esteem of well
dressed men.
PERSONAL.
The Rev. Dr. Alexander is at the Lick.
S. Warburton of T&coma Is at the Palace.
Dr. A. B. Cowan of Santa Rosa is ia the City.
M. W. Stewart of Arizona arrived here yester
day.
F. W. Sheffield, a business man of Spokane, is
in town.
W. C. sudson of Watsonville is a late ar
rival here.
Dr. H. Vetterling of Los Gatos is a late ar
rival here.
J. B. Appling of Sonora Is staying at the Cos
mopolitan.
F. M. Brown of Vallejo Is registered at the
Cosmopolitan.
J. M. Basse tt of Fresno Is registered at the
Cosmopolitan.
Lane C. Gilliam, a mining man of Spokane,
Is in the City.
W. G. Ross, an attorney of Vlsalia, arrived
here yesterday.
V. Shastria and B. Schegrleff ol Siberia are
at the Occidental.
John M. Strelning, a fruit-packer of Santa
Rosa, is in the City.
M. L. Graff, a general business man of Los
Angeles, is in the City.
W. P. Dwyer, a steamboat owner of Sacra
mento, is at the Grand.
Thomas P. Owens of Montreal, Canada, is a
recent arrival at the Palace.
T. Rasmussen, a rancher of Modesto, is a late
arrival at the Cosmopolitan.
Dr. David Starr Jordan, president of Stan
ford University, Is in the City.
Mark L. McDonald, the well-known capi
talist of Santa Rosa, is in town.
F. M. Bachman and Mrs. Bachman ot Indi
anapolis, Ind.. are at the Grand.
Superior Judge J. F. Beard of Treka is on a
visit to the City and is at the Grand.
C. F. Montgomery, owner of the Antloch
Le'lger, Is spending a few days here.
Alexander Wood, a wealthy resident of
Providence, R. 1., is at the Occidental.
G. \V. Sickeis, a mining man of Rossland,
B. C, is among the arrivals at the Russ.
A. B. Lemmon, editor and proprietor of the
Santa Rosa Republican, is at the Grand.
John H. Gastside and John Gerdwood, of
London, England, arrived here yesterday.
George T. Myers, a salmon canner of the
Columbia River and Puget Sound, is at the
California.
J. C. Clay and R. Small, of Portland, Me.,
prominent gentlemen of the Pine Tree State,
are at the Palace.
T. U White, the banker and extensive vine
yardlst, of Fresno, is here on a business trip
and is at the Lick.
H. J. Mudge of Montreal, Canada, owner of
coal properties near Banff, B. C, is among the
arrivals at the Occidental.
Henry R. Levy, one of San Bernardino's fore
most business men, arrived In town yesterday
with his family and is stopping at the Abbotts
ford.
J. O. Hayes of Eden Valley, who at one time
was interested in a large copper mine in the
Superior District, Mich., Is one of the recent
arrivals here.
Governor John A. Franklin and Mrs. Frank
lin of Arizona were among the arrivals here
yesterday and took their departure in the
afternoon. They were at the Grand.
Charles Hopper, who appears in the title
role of tne dramatization of "Chimmie Fad
den," bears a strong personal resemblance to
Bob Davis, the well-known newspaper writer,
formerly of Thk Call staff, but now in New
York.
F. A. Kenny, who has represented the Inter
national Art Company of New York and Ber
MR. HEARST'S HATCHETMEN.
Abuse by Them Is Equivalent to a Certificate of Good Character.
From San Francisco Town Topics.
The day has long since passed when the blackguardly abuse of young Hearst's journalistic
hatchetmen could injure any public man. As things now stand the enmity and abuse of
tnese degraded journalistic drabs is equivalent to a certificate of good character, because it
necessarily raises a presumption to the effect that the jerson who has drawn it has refused to
discharge his public duties in such a way as to eid that peculiar species of "modern metropol
itan journalism" with contracts with large corporations, against which it has been working
up a hostile public feeling, for "fair treatment" at the rate of $1000 per month. It goes with
out saying that the Board of Supervisors should readjust and reduce the schedules of gas and
water rates in this City, but it also goes without saying that in doing so the members of the
board should exercise their own Individual judgment as business men and refuse to be either
led or coerced or cajoled into a course that Is designed to aid the depleted Hearst exchequer
rather than further the interests of the con suming public.
TENDS TO A DISHONEST END.
From the San Francisco News Letter.
The course of the Examiner tends to a vicious and dishonest end. It opens the door and
makes more easy of attainment results that should be desired by no good citizen. A false
public opinion would become a fulcrum by which dishonest officials would be able to extort
tribute from every corporation doing business in San Francisco. It would compel every
corporation, as a matter of self-protection, to resort to the corrupt use of money in order to
sacure simple justice and save its innocent shareholders from disaster. It would bear to
relation to the Individual rights or burdens of the people- The parading of lengthy petitions
proves nothing. The general public mind is so constituted that it will sign almost anything
without hesitation, and the lists of names presented to the Supervisors are not entitled to more
weight than the paper on which they arc inscribed. Similar sheets placed about the streets
demanding a cut of one-half in the price of bread or boots or oveicoats would without doubt
be signed by every thoughtless passer-by.
KO SECKET TO THE PUBLIC.
From the Ban Francisco Wasp.
The purpose of the Examiner's ferocious assault along the whole corporation line Is self
evident. The public does not need to be told what it is. A journal which but a short time ago
and under the same management which now controls it was drawing a large subsidy from the
Southern Pacific Railroad cannot pose with much consistency as a reformer of corporation
abuses. Nothing in its course since it was stricken off the railroad company's payroll has
indicated an elevation of its moral tone. It is therefore to be presumed that if it got a favor
able opportunity to collect a few thousand dollars a month again in subsidies it would gladly
avail itself of the cnance. It would have been better for Dr. Clinton if his journalistic ally
maintained a discreet silence and permitted the Investigation of the water company's affairs
to be conducted in a decorous manner. We do not see how the company could dare refuse to
allow such a proceeding or fall to lender any legitimate information requested by the Board
of Supervisors. Any stockholder has the right to such knowledge, and certainly the Board of
Supervisors, which exercises much control over the affairs of the water company, could not be
denied the privilege which is extended to a stockholder.
THE FAKER OUTDOES HIMSELF.
From the San Francisco Chronicle.
Yesterday's Examiner, not looking for the exposure of the fact that all the truth In its
"exclusive Madrid cablegram" of January 12 had appeared in the Chronicle during the
previous month, resumed its bouquet throwing and catching with a complete abandon of joy.
Under the legend of the "New Journalism" It printed a facsimile ot the headlines and part of
the text of its second-hand and moth-eaten scoop and put near it a blank space to describe the
Madrid news upon January 12 of the old journalism. Knowing that it had merely revamped
dispatches which the old journalism had mado stale with much use, it declared that it "had
given the first news the world received of the plan of Spain to give to Cuba the autonomy pro
posed by President Cleveland." Perhaps, in its solt-boiled judgment, it thought that the fake
would pass undetected, but every one with half an eye saw Its character at once. The story of
what Spain was ready to concede to Cuba was as familiar as a thrice-told tale, and its flaring
repetition in the guise of a triumphant scoop simply proved again that what is new In the
"new journalism" is not true and what Is true is not new.
Nor is this aIL The cablegram, so called, of January 12 was not only out of date when
published, but the news given as its final verification* was printed twenty-four hours after the
Chronicle had it. To demonstrate this we print the Chronicle's dispatch ot the 4ih and the
Examiner's of the sth of February bide by side on page 9.
The Examiner's belated story appeared with a Madrid date line. Evidently It was sent
from London Instead, where the resident "commissioner" of the n. j. found it In his morning
copy of the Times. What he did was to paraphrase the report and send it here one day after
thin paper had printed It Where the Times said "this assembly will be composed of thirty
five members. Twenty-one of these members will be elected by the people of Cuba; six will
be elected by the different corporations and the remainder will be selected, one a magistrate
one a university professor, one an Archbishop and five former Senators or Deputies," the
London rehasher for the Hearst publications wrote: "This body will be composed of thirty
five members, of which twenty-one will bo elected by popular vote and six by the leading
municipal and provincial corporations. The remaining eight members will consist of a lead
ing magistrate, a university professor, an archieplscopal delegate and five ex-Senators or
Deputies." Similar points of resemblance or proofs of identity the curiout reader may pick
out for himself. The text Is full of them.
It is but fair to observe that so long as the old journalism buys the news the nsw journal
inn will have something anywhere from a day to a month after, with which to invade the
privacy of iv columns; but what would happen if the exchange system should break down or
the new journalism should be deprived of pastepot and scissor* can only be surmised by those
of vivid imaginations and morbid tastes.
lln in the Northwest for the past five years, is
in the City for a week making the acquaint
ance of the wholesale stationery trade. He Is
a thoroughly Western man, having lired on
this coast for the past twelve years.
J. C. Kirkpa trick, a prominent attorney ol
San Antonio. Texes, who for the past five
months has been In Hawaii, and who after a
short time here will return there for a month
more on the islands, is at the Grand. He
says a good many people from the United
States are going there and engnglng in the
coffee business. The islands have quite an
abundance of money.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK
NEW YORK, N. V., Feb. 6.— At tue Plaza,
D. J. Jordan ; Xetherland, Mrs. and Miss M. C.
Brown ; Murray Hill, J. W. Watson, H. Dibble;
Astor, B. Miller; Stuart, L. Robinson, S. S.
Small. R. s. Moore left the Plaza to sail on
the Umbria.
A "CALL" ARTIST APPRECIATED.
Alatneda Knclnal.
Artist Culver ot The Call is coming to the
front in cartoon work. He made a ten-strike
yesterday morning in his hit on the Exam
iner iD the ''yard of puppies" take-off. News
paper men everywhere appreciate It as a
good tmng.
NEWSPAPER PLEASANTRY.
"This punishment hurts me as much aa It
does you," said the parent
"Well, then, lei's compromise, pop," pleaded
the boy. "There's no reason why either of us
should suffer."— North American.
"Were those cough drops benaflclair*
"They worked like a charm. They have
such a horrible taste that the children have
all siopped coughing." — Chicago Record.
Harlow— There's a new family up the street.
Mamma— What's their name?
Harlow— Dunno; but I've licked their boy
already and sassed the servant girl.— Truth.
"What's the matter?" said the wayfarer who
was approached by a mendicant. "Something
on your mind? 1 '
"No, sir," was the reply. "Wot worries me
ain't somethin' on me mind. It's noihin' on
me stomach."— Washington Star.
Nibs — Debt is disgraceful.
Squibs— Not beiug able to get in debt is more
so.— Chicago Record.
Adam— Eve, will you go to the cotillon with
me this evening?
Eve— Adam, you know aa well as Ido that I
haven't a thing to wear.— New York Press.
The sood lady scrutinized him closely.
"Didn't I give you a whole mince pie a day
or two ago?" she inquired in tones which re
sembled an amateur cold wave for iciness.
"Yes, mum," replied the occupant of the
outcast overcoat, "I'm the same party; but
I've recovered, and if you'll make it plain
bread and milk this time I'll be heartily
obliged."— Baltimore News.
"See n«re, young man," said the stern father'
"If you aon't come home earlier after tnis I'll
know the reason why."
"Glad to hear it, governor; that will save all
explanations on my part."— Detroit Free Press.
He— l suppose that sap-headed dude has pro
posed to you a dozen times.
She — No; once was enough. Come and see
us when we get settled.— Detroit Free Press.
Sympathising Friend— l am awfully sorry to
hear that your work was rejected.
Poster artist— l don't mind disclosing the
secret to you; I know you will keep it. The
fact is that I am colorblind dv gaslight, and I
painted a group of green trees, thinking all
the lime that I was using pure red.—lndian
apolis Journal
E. H. Black, painter, 120 Eddy stress.
Icecream and cakes. Guillet's, 905 Larkin.
Strong hoarhound candy, 15c. Townsend's*
Fpectal Information dally to manufacturer*,
business houses and public men by the Fran
Clipping Bureau (Alien's), 510 Montgomery.*
James Murphy and Philip Judkint, who
three weeks ago were ordinary miners In
Cripple Creek, have just shipped two carloads
of ore -which turned out $160,000 in gold.
Evkbt house where there are young children
should be supplied with Ayer"s Cherry Pectoral.
In croup it gives Immediate relief.
Ip afflicted with sore eyes use Dr. Isaac Thomp
son's Eye Water. Druggists sell It at 25 cents.
Bcbnitt'b Corn Cure. H27 Montgomery. 25c. •
ART AND INDUSTRY SHOULD BE UNITED.
By Professor Henry T. Ardley of the University of California*
How few people pause to inquire how much the whole civilized world is Indebted to the
industrial arts for its prosperity and happiness. *
I refer to those professional industries that owe their value chiefly to art rather than the
material used or the labor expended upon them — such, for instance, as art furniture,
carpets, wall-paper, . drapery, book-bindings, fresco, mosaics, ceramics, stained glass, orna
mental work In stone, wood, iron, brass, gold, silver, leather, etc. The prosperity of many
cities, statea and nations depends almost entirely upon those art9^ivhich lift, the raw ma
terials of a country from their crude, useless
condition to their highest market value, and
wherever these art industries are the most
pronounced we nnd the most lastiug pros
perity, for in selling what they make and in
making what they use their money is both
made and kept at home, while nature fur
nishes the material.
Now, California is a very large consumer of
articles' of art and luxury, and must either
make them at home or purchase them abroad,
bo that anyone may sec how very important
I California is a very large consumer of
s of art and luxury, and musteuher
.hem at home or purchase them abroad,
any one may see how very important
this bjoct is to this great and growing State,
where so much rew material is awaitinp de
velopment, or is sent East and bought back
agnin nt an enormous advance,' while we pay
the freight both ways. We sell our wool for a
few cents a pound and then buy it back again
at $2 per yard in a carpet!
If we could but cut California off from the
rest of the world for a few years we should
soon experience a great wave of prosperity in
our industries. The wheels in our factories and
lof the world for a few years we should
experience a great wave of prosperity in
ndustries. The wheels in our factories and
the shuttles in our looms would soon be hum
ming all over the State, for we are blessed witn
sucb a wide range of natural resources that we
could make ourselves independent of the
world; but as lonsr as communication makes
it easy for us to buy everything elsewhere and
we are willing to do so, W9 shall continue to
build up the industrial arts in other parts of the world and drain this State of millions ol
dollars every year while thousands of our own people are seeking employment.
If you emer any of our large stores selling art furniture, carpets, drapery, china, jewelry,
etc., you will find them loaded with the imported products of Europe or the Eastern States
and containing almost nothing made in California, and nearly all the applied art work that
has been done here — from a simple mosaic to the decorations of the Mark Hopkins house— haa
been done by foreigners imported for the purpose.
This is all wrong, for the great problem in the industry of the nations has come to be a::
esthetic one— how to give attractive and useful torms to their productions in order to gain and
hold the markets of the world and supply the wants of their people at home.
Professor Miller said in hfs address to the National Potters' Convention in New York: "Now,
let us learn from our neighbors on the other side of the ocean who are beating us to-day In our
own markets. Consideration for the arts and for the methods of their advancement is a mat
ter of grave public concern.
"The land rings to-day with the demand for forts and a navy, • • • but I tell you there
are things we need a great deal more than either, and higher industrial standards and more
practical methods in education and purer tastes in art are some of them."
We only scratch the surface of the question of art as applied to industry— Europe dig» Into
It! France and Germany were not fiercer rivals at Sedan than they are to-day in their efforts
for promoting art education among their people.
At the head of the Government Art has her minister ns well as War, and millions are spent
every year by the Governments of England, Germany and France in such education, while tho
United States Government spends nothing, but sits with folded hands while millions of dollars
go abroad for art work that should be done at home. Our manufacturers are progressive in
many ways, but not in art.
Mayor Phelan said some excellent things upon this subject recently at the Mechanics'
Institute Fair, when he pointed to the fact of foreign goods "forcing their way into out reluc
tant market," and the fault largely resting with our education. He pointed to the technical
schools of Europe, where the young are trained in the useful arts.
This is in fact the keynote of the whole situation, and herein lies the remedy— to train tha
young mind on its native soil in pure art principles, and their hands to skill In applying
them. We cannot tear up elsewhere a national art by its roots and replant it Here and expect
it to flourish. We might as well expect to tear up a full-grown tree and have it bear fruit just
as well in a new hemisphere. But we may safely sow good seed in a new soil and expect it to
grow into a healthy plant, adaptel by nature to Its new environment.
Our Commissioner of Education in Washington says in a rfcent report: "It Is evident
from the history of the past few years that the people of the United States are large consumers
of articles of art and luxury, and it is certain That the consumption of these articles must
largely increase. The question of who shall produce them is of vital importance to the edu
cator, the taxpayer and the political economist. Shall they be made in other countries by
foreign artists and artificers?
•■To have only the technical skill of the blacksmith or the carpenter will not suffice. It
is a higher skill, a more refined form of labor that can alone meet the coming demand The
training to qualify workers to meet this must be absolutely artistic, and in order to create
men and women to do this great and important work at home we must foster the irerm of
artistic thougnt and feeling in the youthful scholar."
I must here quote a line or two by Professor I. Edwards Clarke of the Bureau of Education
V\ ashington, D. C. : "In this country we make too great a distinction between 'art 1 and the 'In
dustrial arts. ' They always flourish tne best when united-when Raphael and Michael Angelo
made designs for the potters, the silversmiths, the weavers and the carvers Designs that
made the most costly materials a hnndred-fold more valuable, until they are to-day exhibited
in the great museums of the world, and treasured in the palaces of kings. What we need in
America is more skillful artisans— artisans who are artists. We have enough picture Daint
ers, but we need to bring together the useful and beautiful." l
This we are not doing, for our artisans know nothing of.art, and our artists little of the In-
Of course, we have some technical and "manual training" schools In thla country but they
are merely teaching old mechanical methods and 'ilmple processes which are not 'mentailv
elevating enough, and do not foster or encourage artistic thought and feeling. In Europe tho
pupils learn to adapt their work to all kinds of material In the various styles of the different
periods of art. This exalts their work and elevates aid interests the student and he is eradu
ally led to admire and to produce beautiful things. '
Suppose you enter the woodworking department cf an average technical school— will
see that they are learning tosaw a board, make a joint or "draw" with rule and compass and
perhaps they could construct a kitchen-table. Now, juppose you ask them all teacheri and
students, to combine their united efforts and adapt this same material to a Gothic Renais
sance or Moresque table on original lines. '
Could they do it? Ask them hgain to ornament it with the art work of the period it rewre
sents—not copied or altered, but original. They wouU be lost porioa v repre-
Then their product could only be valued at $5 instead of $50 or $100
Now step into the room where the metal work is done; some are hammering nieces of iron
others working at lathes. Ask them t0 desl and 'mate a wrought-iron ßenaissance eate'
E°» U £c£l Jinftr What 7 ° U WCre talklDg ab ° Ut? *> with «veryUin°g?fVo e m a Greek vVse
And just here lies the difference between the technical schools of this country ami Vr,
rope, and the thr e thingß need ed here t0 balance then are freehand drawing^ririnaf desf™
and the history of ornament. But as these th-ee things require more studvlnd skill than fn
neve^on^^ and the -/rexnecUa^cin
It is no use for the instructor to «ay that he is "not trvine to mut* nrMnnnn hut ~wi_ -a
eating the pupils -for in that case they should certainly be lnmSted In the more refined
forms o. technical and historical work, for they are tho most educational ° m ° r ° refined
In the history of art alone one gets the history of tae world— not in the narrow ™hm,.«,i
divisions of conqnest, but In the broader epochs of advancing civilization trhnJ n?Wn P i C 3
IS tff&rti" certainly lnrnlsh the pupil " lth - mnc * '^M a m^u£« 9^iyi^f t
Then think how useful and necessary this work »ecomes even as ni«(>r l ."«i> mm nn.h
ment." Only recently a writeron "Household Decoration" advi-ed front rooms o?^«2^
rn 8 ed tO l U b mb; fi r7fo^^^e?n^ 'b^S'ft ftST^
sen^wlth^o^d^^^ P™«s«»7 °' W
talk about, and who wiil not talk around the subject in *ie meanj'n^leM n^ti^ril "f T \ they
parables of circleology in order to make snallow peopl thufk thev P * h » d °K bSCUr^
"hit the nail on the head" every time and show the student "what Io"o a& . ut . who Wll }
by W e Ssay s Rt on O t^te a l d n> hO m^e 0 t^'they
limited number of studies. * • • but o P*ly th hi*h^t^?# «f individuals in a certain
tion, not in one. Discite vltse non scolep if the best Reieiftifi^to.ol,- natlon . in cv «y "Miec
why not the highest technical education? The ta«k of h «r«f te ch in e *| ,«<> be represented,
and every walk of life with men who wil be ab eto Vraiofe wli? ? tn?tJ?nh eve P r fesslon
face-to invent and to produce as well as to learn and i nT e'.,i^ .«• ,n problems they have to
arhftw^o;.. » ' not havethe s " ni "« -■asYkjass-ssisis^ssots
a oi. auu nvoia a one-imed education.
f?T. TO -° AT j KEW TO.DAT:
__ .^ __ * • "■.."■ . HhVSt
Tnr
11 run ah a 11 'CL !
MENDOUS 1%.
SUCCESS t i> **----^iL MRKSSU
ftj Ull 111 rl ■■ &■••■ : \ 0 -m-' > coKn^yi.fc
OF OUR GREAT SHOE SALE «^^^
d^c'ou^Kake S^'Sr/orfn^ | C ° me «t once before assortment of
{roods., .shoes that we keep are the si 8 are broken and avoid the great H
kind that wear. rush. h
0 *" 50c J 0 *™*^™ at Clearance Sale price,: 1
Child's Pebble Grain Button, square *3.50 Cork Sole, Lace and Congress... S
8^s a 5 a to7gVe e duc?a?r iD .!.. el : 80c W-«)B»ckln«h«a4HechtCorkBole, |
Sizes 8 to \Qy reduced to 90c and Congress, medium square M
Sizes 11 to 2 reduced to $1.10 toe and tip «>o« B
Child's Fine Kid. button, patent- __ nnn !fa "' :> I
leather tip, lmnd-turned Bpring ♦0.00 Buckingham Hecht Cork Sole, tl
t heel, B zess to 7}^, reduced to 700 Lace and Congress ass as II
Ladies' Best French Calf hand-sewed. __ . congress $3.85 H
double Lace Shoes, reduced $8.00 Hand-Sewed Lace and Congress.ss.oo |
Ladies'" 'Best' French" p'atenfiea?her, $3 ' ° Men ' 8 Double-Sole Extension Calf E
including a small lot of French Lace Shoes reduced to $2 35 P
enameled leather, hand -sewed Boya' Veal Call Button, sizes 11 to \U ' w
double-sole lace, reduced from *ts ,o $3.85 and3to6 ..?!:?..'.„!"... $1.15 I
Kast's KEst's 1
738-740 Market St 738-740 Market St. I
Carry a FulL line or Bnckinghsm We l>o Not Prepay Mall or Ex E
& Hecht's Fine" Shoes. press Charges on the Above -Ydver" I
tised Goods. ■ ■• . I'
SEND FOR CATALOOUE. MAIL ORDERS PROMPTLY FILLED. |M<EKMANN SUDKRMANN is one of the
£ most distinguished of the young Ger-
man novelists and dramatists, ami »n
both these fields he has made a great
nsme for himself. His work is conn aratively
recent. Though he was born in 1857 he did
not begin writing until his r.iind had been
matured by years of study, as well as by the
discipline of life. His pnrents were poor and
his school days were Inter rap ted by the ne
cessity for earning money. Uke Henrlk Ibsen,
be was apprenticed to a chemis-t nud passed
fome weary and heartsick years in an uncon
genial employment. It would be interesting
to know how much of trie strorg bent both
these men have toward •'individualism" was
the result of having had to conform to some
thing so utierly distasteful and profitless, and
the realization both must have mat only after
they broke away from th;s and followed the
lead of their own temperaments did success
come to them.
Sudermann, after a few years, went to Ber
lin and coined a position as tutor, and this en
.f bled him to curry on his own studies. We
'Krx: informed that after six years spent study
| !:ig "history, literature, philosophy and the
I m< dern languages" he turned his attention to
j ,'oamaiism. What tn equipment for a pro
fession, whose members more often, like Topsy,
"just growed.' It recalls Eugene Field's re
' T>ly to a question asked him just after his re
turn from abroad as to what he had found to
be the greatest difference between writers in
the Oid World aud the New. Mr. Field said
that what struck him particularly was the
amount of training men hadover there. Athor
ough knowledge of the classics and the mod
ern literature of all countries gave them the
perfection of form, the mastery of style which
our writers so often lack. Yet, on the other
hand, our men were apt to have greater fresh
ness and originality of expression. We may
Etretch this consolation further by recollect
ing that part of Pierre Loti's marvelous charm
and vividness if ascribed to his having been
euch ■& Bmall reader. He takes his impressions
of life and nature at first hand, and the result
is singularly unhackneyed.
'Sudermann, however, has not only a pro
found insight, but also a mastery over mere
technique which nothing but years of train
ing will give. He is a free lance and holds
with no particular school; part of his work is
romantic and part harshly realistic in treat
ment. For examples, contrast his "Dame
Care" with "The Wish." The former is an ex
quisitely written story. The atmosphere of
the book is the mystic haze of romance rather
than the snarp light of realism. The picture
oi the hero, Paul, through the care-burdened
yoars'of his childhood, boyhood, young man
hood; of his love for nis mother and his de
sire to shield her from the effects of the selfish
ness and incompetence of the domineering
father, is drawn with 60 tender and sympa
thetic a touch tnat one fancies it a memory
cut of Sudermann's own life. We see his hero
followed always by that gray, shadowy figure
of, "Dame Care," wno had presided at his
birth. In spite of his toil, his selt-denlal, his
faithfulness, we see nis desires frustrated, his
hopes brought to naught until the final re
lease comes in the love of the beautiful pirl
toward whom, in his hopelessness, he had so
long cosed his heart and who at last brings
into his life the light of joy before whfch all
shadows vanish. The whole is an idyl, a sort
c: prose poem.
"Tne Wish," on the other hand, Is a terribly
realistic study of the influence i'pon character
.of a single evil wish unuttered and unacted
upon. The treatment is psychological. The
Etory opens with the closing act of the tragedy,
arid later the author goes back and traces all
the-influences which led to the final catastro
phe. Considering the theme the story ia re
markably free Xrom morbidness. In fact, Sud
ermann never, like the French realists, dwells
overmuch upon sickening detaiil. Neither is
he like that traditional Frenchman who bad
little to say, but said that little long. He is
essentially dramatic. The turn ol a phrase
indicates a character, an exclamation shows
us a situation. So that it is as a dramatist that
Pudermann is at his best, and in the ethics of
hih dramatic work it is easy to trace the influ
ence of Ibsen.
It was during Sudermann's boyhood that the
Norwegian playwright left his native land;
and shook, as he said, the dust of that coun
try forever from his feet. A voluntary exile,
he took refuge first in Italy, where he wrote
his three great poetical dramas— "Brand,"
"Peer Gym" and "Emperor and Galilean,"
a~nd later settled in Germany, where he has
ever since remained. There, by means of his
pu"re dramas, he has carried on an unfaltering
criiEaii'j against social and political evils. All
young Germany became fired with the re
actionary spirit. "The divine right ot indi
viduality," the "freedom of personality." were
the warcries. The conflict was between the
older generation and the younger. The older
stood for the established order, the respect for
tradition, the enforcement of parental author
ity. The younger contended for liberty, for !
the right of self-expression. It is this' con
flict which Sudermann has portrayed in this
"Heimat," and which has been rendeied into
JtngJish under the name of "Magda."
. It seems singular that the German title,
which is so significant, was not retained.
This, however, was not Sudermann's first
dramatic work. His "Hono-," published a
few years earlier, made him a famous man.
He was as much talked about aa Ibsen him
self, and his work became the subject of many
discussions. It Is a scathing satire on the false
of the day, on the aristocratic sense
' fcf honor, which the author contrasts with the
plebeian sense of duty. This work still re
mains Sudermann's greatest success, but it is
less familiar to American audiences than hia
"Magda," which has frequently been given in
this country. The latter is a favorite part
with Modjeska, with Bernhardt and with the
Italian, Duse. "Honor" was followed by "The
Destruction of Sodom," another satirical
drama, still more pronounced in tone. It was
go plain-apoken that it was expurgated by the
Berlin censorship, and has never, to my knowl
edge, been staged for an English-speaking
.audience. In this Sudermann lashes the fol
lies and vices of fashionable life.
The strength of "Magda" seems to me to lie
In its moaeration. We are shown both sides
of the question. Our sympathy is not all for
Magda even in her first triumphant assertion
of her own individuality; nor all for the
father in his honest clinging to the old ways.
We feel poignantly that he and the ideas he
represents are not all in the wrong; nor is
Magda and this new gospel of freedom wholly
in the right. A strong apDeal is made on both
Mdes. Our sympathy shifts from one to the
other of these terrible Contending forces. As
we watch the individuals we are conscious, so
great Is the drcmn, of mighty questions at
stake— not merely of one passionate daughter
and one domineering father, but of the un
ending struggle tietween the old and the new.
The opening act, with its picture of a stifling
. provincial atmosphere, all commonplace nar
rowness and cant, induces our sympathy for
Magda's rebellion.
I It is probably only in reading the drama
' that we realize how great is .Sudermaun's skill
in portraying with so few touches the cnvi
.ronment which Msgda has broken away from.
Good acting makes any situation expressive,
but iv a dispassionate reading we discover the
strength or the weakness of the dramatist, aud
this test Sudermann stands triumphantly.
Magda's father, the old colonel, specks of the
••good old patriarchal order." He scorns mod
ern ideas. "Modern ideas! Oh, pshaw! Iknow
them. But come into the quiet homes where
are bred brave soldiers mid virtuous wives.
There you'll hear no talk aboutheredity.no
arguments about individuality, no scandalous
I gossip. There modern ideas have no foot
' hold." Again, he says: "In this house rules
: oM-tHslnoned paternal authority ; ana it snail
j rule as long as I live." And this same "pater
nal authority" had ten years before, meeting
with a will as strong as his own, driven from
her home the rebellious daughter who refused
! to marry at her father's bidding.
In the discussion by the gentlemen of the
card club we are further enlightened as to the
point ol view held by these worthy people.
General yon Klebe is fuming at having been
: detained by the crowd— "such a crush of
: people gaping as if there were a princess at
: the least. And what do you suppose it was? A
, singer! These are really what one may call
j goings on— all this fuss about a singer!" He
j is amazed at having seen the pastor in the
crowd. "Now, I ask you what did he want
there, and what good is this whole festival,
and all this so-called art— what good does it
do?-
Bockmann, the professor, answers with a
trite commonplace, "Art raises the moral tone
! of the people," and the general replies, "I tell
j you, art is a mere invention of those wlio are
I afruid to be soldiers to gain an important posi
j tion for themselves." j
i This Is the atmosphere Into which Magda,
brilliant, triumphant— a queen in the realm
she had won for herself — returned for the mo
ment. No wonder all the efforts to detain her
are unavailing until the pastor she has scoffed
at— the man whom her father years before had
commanded her to marry— obtains the influ
ence over her which springs from the un
selfishness 01 his own motives.
She resents the least suspicion of constraint
or authority. She says to him: -litre I was
parched and stifled— it's all so far behind me.
: If you only knew how far! You have sat here
day after day in the heavy, close air, while I
have felt the storni breaking about my head.
Pastor, if you had a suspicion of what life
really is !" His 8 tandards seem narrow to her.
She doubts his sincerity, but gradually his
earnestness, his self-effacement, compel her
wonder— almost her awe. She is persuaded to
remaia for a few days at leapt, but she chafes
at her position. She says to him: "Hero 1
must bend my will. I am not accustomed to
that. I must conquer. I sing or I live— for
both are one and the same— so that men must
will as I do. I force them— l compel them— to
love and mourn and exult and iamen t as I do,
and woe to him who resists. I sing them
down— l sing and sing until they become
slaves and playthings in my nauJ.<. I know
I'm confused, but you understand what 1
mean." And the pastor answers: "To work
the impress of one's own personality— that's
what you mean, isn't it, Magda?"
"Yes, res. Oh, I could tell you everything.
Your heart has tendrils which twine about
other hearts and draw them out. And you
don't do it selfishly. You don't know how
mighty you are. The men outside there are
beasts, whether In love or hate. But you are
a man. Just think t Yesterday you seemed
to me so small; but something grows out
from you and become always greater. What
shall I ca;l it? Self-sacrifice— sell-abnegation?
It is something with self, or, rather, the re
verse. That is what impresses me and that is
why you can do so much with me." And what
a touch of nature is that which makes the
pastor confess that the sight of this triumph
ant, dominant personality has awaked old
desires at war with self-effacement. |
"1 have had to stifle much in my nature.
My peace is the peace ot the dead. And as you
stood before me yesterday in your freshness,
yonr natural strength, your greatness, I said
to myself, 'That is what you might have been
if at the right moment joy had entered into
your life.' "
And when, as the consequence of the old sin,
shame ana sorrow overtake this household it
is the pastor who prevails upon Magda to make
the supreme sacrifice ol herself for the sake of
her child.
"There comes an hour to almost every man
wheu he collects the broken pieces of his lite
to form them together into a new design. I
have found it so with myself. And now it is
your turn."
And when she has consented and then re
fused because she sees that the >acrifice would
be in vaiu, her father is stricken by death, and
Magda in her anguish begs to be allowed to
remain in this home she has shattered. But
the reader feels that no real solution of the
problem is here, and that the Magda Suder
mann draws would chafe, when the sharp edge
of remorse was worn awuy, at the old restric
tions. Mme. Modjrska, in accenting the
womanly side of Magda's character, has given
us a very noble interpretation of the pan, and
has helped to smooth away the difficulties of
the outlook.
I fancy it ia not without meaning that Su
dermann gives the last words to the pastor.
And by this he may Imply that, not through
the assertion of individuality, but by tne sac
rifice of it, Is the question answered and the
problem solved. Grace S. Musser.
HOYT'S QUOTATIONS.
A CYCLOPEDIA OF PRACTICAL QUOTA
TIONS—By J. K. Hoyt. New York: Ti.e Funk
<fc Wagnalls Company. For sale *t all bookstores.
Prices: Buckram $6, law sheep 98, half morocco
$10, full morocco Sl'2.
The merest glance directed at this the latest
of a series of useful works ol reference issued by
the Funk & Wagnalls Company will show the
reader that immense pains have been taken to
render it of permanent value, to all who have
occasion to use a book of ou tations, and who
has not atone time or another? The originul
edition was published in 1882, and since that
time has proved to be a strong rival of even so
well established a favorite as Bartlett's famous
work.
Perhaps the most striking characteristic of
this new, revised and enlarged Hoyt is its mar
velous thoroughness. It is claimed, and ap
parently with good reason, that "every famil
iar phrase and sentence that has currency in
the English language will be fcund among the
30,000 quotations in this book." Another
good and prominent feature of the work un
der review is to be found in the fact that an
unusually large number of facilities are afford
ed for quickly turning to any desired quota
tion. Alter the name of each author in the
appendix are the numbers of the pages where
quotations from him occur. The quotations of
eight of the most prominent authors— such as
Shakespeare, Miitun and Longlellow— are des
ignated in the index by special symbols so as
to be recogniz.d at a glance. Three distinct
keys are afforded to gain access to quotations.
They are: The topic; the entry of each sig
nificant word or phrase in the concordance;
the name of the author. Equally easy refer
ences are afforded for finding foreign proverbs
and quotations, Latin law terms, etc They
may be found by turning to: The toplo; the
author; some word ol the original; some word
of the translation.
The Funk & Wagnalls Company are to be
congratulated upon their enterprise in plac
ing so valuable a work of reference tostudenta,
clergymen and writers on the market at what
is really a moderate price.
MISMAiED.
McLEOD OF THE CAMERONS —By M.
Hamilton. D. Appleton <t Co, New York.
Paper 5o cents, tor siUe by William Doxer,
Palace Hotel, city.
Christina, the heroine of this story, is in
love with McLeod, who is a tboiough gentle
man. She has married by mistake a man she
supposed whs a gentleman, but who «he finds
out when too late has not the polish and the
manners to make a suitable companion for
her. Her husband is very kind-hearted and
good, however. Christina has a litti« wonder
to herself v she would have preferred her
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 7, 1897.
BOOKS
AND
BOOKMAKERS
CLEVER BITS OF VERSE BY CURRENT RHYMSTERS.
My Mother's Prayer.
My mother's prayer, whene'er at even
She lit or quenched a household light —
•Grant us, O Lord, the light of Heaven,
Aud guard us through the night."
The prayer my mother used to pray—
I breathe it from a tired, faint heart,
For one light quenched upon my way,
Of my joy chiefest part.
O God, in loneliness and fear
Remembered — other time forgot!
O heaven, a vision sweet and dear,
When earth delighieth notl
Lord, let me, for my truth forgiven,
And for thy mercy's sake prevniled,
Pray — ere 1 see the light of Heaven,
Keliglit the light that failed!
K AiiiKiNE E. Conway iv Donahoe's.
It NeVer Comes Again.
There are gains for all our losses,
There are balms for all our pain;
P.ut when youth, the dream, departs,
It takes something from our Hearts,
And it ucver comes again.
We are stronger, and arc better,
Under manhood's sterner reign;
Still we feei that something sweet
Followed youth, with flying feet,
And will never come again.
Something beautiful is vanished,
And we sigh for it in vain;
We behold it everywhere,
Ou the earth, and in the air;
But it nevi-r comes iieain.
Richard Henry Stoddard.
J\ Secret.
Sunk deep in a sea,
A sea of the dead,
Lies a book, that shall be
Never opened or rend.
husband to be thoroughly wicked and a gen
tleman, or as he was— quite particularly kind,
worthy, aud contented with himself. Was
she to make the rest of her life purely a sacri
fice to him? Was she to try and amalgamate
herself with him and his friends, so that in
time she too, perhaps, might learn to drop
her h's. smack her lips when eatlne. and be
content with her lot in life? She wind* up by
deciding to virtuously make the sacrifice.
The subject was not a very happy choice to
make a novel out of.
ERIEF AND ER'GHT.
URBAN DIALOGUEf-By Louis Evan Phipman.
Stone A Bhlpman. Ktw York. Price $1 25.
For sale by \Vlillam Doxey. Palace Hotel.
These brief accounts of the talks and doings
of a thoroughly good-hearted ns well as clever
young society man in New York are very en.
tertainlng, whether read singly cs complete
short sketches or straight through the book as
a contiuued story. One of ;he best is "An In
ternational Complication," wherein the young
New Yorker by a combination of brilliant tact,
daring and whole-souled sympathetic inter
est, saves a young woman friend from a false
step that might have wrecked the happiness
of two lives. Another good ono Is where Jack
Oliver goes to an old doctor for medical ad
vice about a heart trouble. The heart trouble
is Jack's love for the doctor's daughter, but he
keeps thia carefully concealed un til the doctor
gives him the sort of encouraging advice for
which he hoped.
LOVE FOR AN ACROBAT.
MADEMOISELLE BLANCHK— By John D.
Barry. Btone A Klnibali, New York. Price
$150. For sal* by William hoxey, Palace Ho
tel, City.
Madamolselle Blanche was a beautiful girl
who has inherited wonderful gymnastic taleiu
from her father. While performing in Paris
a fascinating and daring feat of leaping back
ward through a distance of hundreds of feet
she attracted the attention of a Parisian bach
elor, Jules Le Baron, who took a special de
light in such feats of skill, grace and courage.
lut* performance to far surpassed anything
he had seen before and the beauty of tnc girl
was so rare last no planned to get acquainted
HERMANN SUDERMANN.
Its sibylline pages
A secret enclose —
The flower of the ages,
A rose, a red rote.
That sea of the dead
Is my soul; and the book
Is my heart; and tne red
Kose, the love you forsook.
Jttlian Hawtuokne. in February Lippincott's.
J^latiida Arm.
I knew a charming little girl,
Wno'd say, "Oh, see that 4 flowerl"
Whenever In the garden
Or woods she Bpent an hour.
And sometlim-s she would listen
Aud say, "Oh, hear that bird!"
Whenever in the forest
Its clear, sweet note she heard.
But then I knew another —
Much wiser, don't you thinkT—
Who never called the bird a "bird,"
Butsaid, "the bobolink,"
Or "oriole." or "robin,"
Or "wren," as It might be;
She called them all by their first name,
So intimate was she.
And in the woods or garden
She never picked "a flower,"
But "anemones," "hepaticas,"
Or "crocus" by the hour.
Both little girls loved birds and flowers,
But one love was the best;
I need not point the moral;
I'm sure you see the rest, *
For wouldjit not be very queer,
If when, jerhaps. you came.
Your parents had not thought worth while
To give you any name?
I think you would be quite upset,
And feel your brain a-whlrl,
If you were not "Matilda Ann,"
But just "a little eirl."
Alice W. Rollins in the Independent.
with her. He found her so superior to other
women of her class that love rapidly followed
admiration and marriage lnve. The reader is
made to feel that there can be sentlmentof the
finer kind among that class of people who are
supposed to be interesting only for the excel
lence of their muscles.
ABOUT REFORMATORIES.
JUVENILE OFFENDERS — By \V. Douglass
Morrison. D. Apnleton & Co., New York. Price
81 50. For said by William Doxey, Palace Ho
tel, city.
This book is the third of a criminology
series edited by Mr. Morrison, and is written
by a man who has had a great deal of ex
perience with youthful offenders. He deals
with the -extent, character and causes of
juvenile crime, and points out the best meth
ods of reclaiming the offenders. He lays con
siderable stress on the amount and rapid in
crease of habitual crime and says that nearly
all of these habitual criminals becamo so in
their youth. He thinks that the efforts of
Christian charity, which in the past have
been mainly directed to the Alleviation of in
dividual miseries, should in the future aim
more at the removal of tne causes that pro
duced these miseries.
CUBA LIBRE
DON BALABCO OF KEY WKST-By Archi
bald C'laverlng i.unier. New York: Tne Home
Publishing Company. Paper, 60 cents Forsale
in- the San Francisco News Company, Post
street.
Tne great interest which is now centered on
Cuba because of U>e fight for liberty which*s
being made there wili make this a timely
book, for It is a itory of adventurous incident*
connected with the struggle. Don Estrabon
Balasco is one of the most outspoken of the Cu
ban sympathizers in the nest of Cuban patriots
on the Florida coast. The tale is of filibustering
expeditions, well mixed with happy love
affairs. One oi the best samples of the author's
entertaining style is in the playiul chapter
headed, "I demand long dresses.". The story
ends with the prediction by one of the hot
headed young Cuban sympathizers that aome
day the people will take the bic in their teeth
and American diplomacy will go kiting.
Jhe QroWth of the Gritic
a.
He painted first a picture, but he made a
wretched daub of it,
And long he sought for further jobs— but got
no other job of it.
And then the man he tried to sing, but made£a
noisy screech of it;
And every one who beard his TOice ran off be
yond the reach of it.
And then he played tho violin, but made such
wretched mess of it
That all who heard his music wished sincerely
there was less of it.
And then he wrote a novel next, but made
such fearful bore of It
That al- who read to chapter two declared they
wished no more of it.
11.
And now when he had tired of life, because of
the distress of it,
He was hired as a critic, and made a great suc
cess of it. •
111.
And ho told the gifted painter that his picture
had no life in it,
And with an ugly-looking stab he thrust his
critic knife In it.
He showed tho great musician how hia music
had no soul in It;
And he told the mighty poet that his meter
had no roll iv it.
And he told the heavenly singer that his voice
had no uplift in it:
And he told the novel writer that his novel
had no gift In it.
IV.
All bowed before the critic, and they trembled
at the nod of him,
And knelt to his almightiness, and made a lit
tle god of him.
"Twinkles."
"Hush, my boy," replied his father with the
shiver of the financier, "you'll frighten Wall
street."
CONQUEST EY A COUNTRY GIRL
MISS AYR OF VIRGINIA, AND OTHF.R
81 OR IKS— By Julia Magrnder. Herbert S.
Btone A Ce\, Chicago. Price *1 25.
Those who have read "The Violet" and "The
Princess Sonia" will be glad that there are
now some more pretty stories from the same
pen to be entertained with. "Mits Ayr of Vir
ginia" is a charming country girl who
visits her stylish cousins in New York,
and is mildly snubbed by them because
ol her ignorance of polite conventionalities
current in the big city. The Virginia girl is
pretty and clever, and rapidly gains admira
tion from the men, and then the stylish cou
sins as rapidly change their tone. Miss Ayr
attracts chivalrous attention to herself "with,
as little volition and consciousness as a mag-*
net." She quickly learns to change her country
dresses for tasty city costumes, and then her
conquest is complete. She gets a proposal
from a millionaire, but refuses because she
loves a plain Virginia farmer.
PICTURES THAT IMPRESS THE
MEMORY.
TALES OF SOLDIBRS AND CIVILIAN B-,By
Ambrose Bierce. American Publishing Cor
p.> ration, New York.
This is a new edition of a book which on its
previous issue met with a deserved meed of
praise. The first story in the collection,
which tells of the sentinel who, from a sense
of duty, sends a fatal bullet into the horse
upon which the sentinel's father is sitting at
the top of a steep cliff, and describes how horse
and horseman fell from that great height as
though some spirit were flying from the sky,
is a piece of picturesque word-painting
finely done. The author's descriptions make
a vivid impression on the memory, and in
such pictures as that of the hero on the white
hurso, who volunteered to gallop into sell
sacrifice in order mat the fire of the enemy
drawn upon himself might disclose their po
sition, will return many times to the mind's
eye oi the reader more like to the recollection
of some fascinating scene he has viewed on
the walls of an art gallery than of the printed
pages of a book.
ENCYCLOPEDIA BRITANNICA.
(1) A NEW AMERICAN SUPPLEMENT TO
THE LATEST EDITION OV THE ENCYCLO
PEDIA BKITANNICA. In 6 volumes. Vol.
I, A-BYZ ('2) A lit IDK TO SYSTEMATIC
READINGS IN THK ENCYCLOPEDIA
BKITANaICA. By James Baldwin, Ph.D.
'J he Werner Company, Akron, Ohio.
In this new supplement (1) to the latest
edition of the Encyclopedia Britannica we
hay« a work that will commend itself to all
who have felt the deficiencies on the score of a
lack ol completeness which characterize the
parent work and the appendices to the same
which have been issued from time to time.
In addition to naving given the new supple- |
ment biographical enlargements to cover j
those persons whose names have been made j
famous in literature, science and art during
recent years, we note that other departments
of no less importance have been thoroughly
covered. Thus, the heading "Bible Distribu
tion" is brought down to so recent a date hs the j
last months of 189 G. Subjects essentially
American or which possess especial Interest
for the American reader are also treated In
their latest phases, while matters scientific are
shown to the last word. In the latter connec
tion we note the caption "Argon"'— proof posi
tive that the supplement is up to date.
In the "Guide 10 Systematic Readings" (2)
the student who is desirous of using Encyclc- i
pedia Brltannica to supplement the work of a !
teacher, or to take the place ol oat, will find a !
friend indeed. This plan of instructing the j
seeker after knowledge as to the best way of !
culling the same from the masterly volumes j
comprised in the original Encyclopedia, seems
to us a particularly happy one. The first part
of Mr. Baldwin's work is devoted to such por
tions as interest boys and girls; the second is
particularly designed for students, while the
third is set apart for the general reader. The
author has done his work well, and a good
measure of success may be predicted for this
"Uuide to the Perplexed."
FROM A NON-PARTISAN VIEW.
NATIONAL AND MUNICIPAL QTJRSTIONB-
By O. A. Myers. O. A. Myers. Lot Angeles, Cal.
Paper, 50 ceuts.
The main purpose of this little volume is to
try to convince the people from a non-parti
san standpoint; that if any true benefits are
to be derived from protective, tariff laws it is
equally necessary to have stringent immigra
tion laws. In addition to his arguments ou the
subject of tariff and immigration laws the
writer has some lengthy ones in favor of Gov
ernment banking and Government ownership
of railways and telegraph lines. He holds that
in times of loss of confidence financial panic
and consequent hardship are caused by people
withdrawing their money from the banks, but
if their money had been deposited with a Gov
ernment bank they would not have lost con
fidence and prosperity would not have been
interrupted.
CHARMING CANINES.
BOSS AND OTHKR DOGS-Ey Marie Lonlse
Peel. Stone A Kimbnll, New York. Price
tl 26. For sale by William JUOxey, Palkce
llo:el, City.
Nearly all of us at some time or other have
had a dear Jriend in a dog, the memory of
which will make us feel a sympathy with the
affection for interesting canines shown by the
author of these little stories. Boss was a noble
friend to the poor old woman who owned him,
and the last act of his life was a heroic effort
to save her from danger. The story concern
ing the Scotch collie Laddie is told in such a
way as to make us understand how natural it
was for his mistress to value him so highly
and pay the bills incurred by his propensity
for playing havoc with poultry.
FROM THE FRENCH.
MME. TKLLIER'S GIRLS— By Guy de Mid
passant. 8. W. Dlllingnam & Co., New York.
Paper 60 cent*.
Guy de Maupassant is considered one of the
most artistic of short-story writers, and this
book contains a translation of three tales that
aro selected as fine examples of his skill. His
translator and critics say: "To the little group
of English writers who regard art as an essen
tial element of modern fiction Guy de Mau
passant is, without doubt, if not the faultless
artist at least the artistic master."
The #nbjects introduced are unconventional,
according to English code, and perhaps only
to one who is a master of fiction could such
license be allowed as Maupassant takes. The
risque features of his work must be redeemed
by exceeding cleverness or they couid not be
tolerated.
MYSTERY AND CRIME.
HIS FOSTER MSTER— B» Albert Ross. G. W.
DUUugtiani «& Co., New York. Paper 50 cents.
For sale by s lie Sau Francisco News Company,
Post street, City.
This is a story of murder, and the mystery
of the perpetrators of it is so cleverly con
cealed as to keep the reader curious and
guessing till the last chapter in the book. For
those who like tales of horror and the mental
exercise of trying to nnravel a mystery that
baffles the shrewdest of detectives this tale
will be very interesting. It is a very disagree
able story, though, to those who do not like
that style of fiction. The horrible tale starts
thus: "There was a great deal more blood
about the room than any one would have ex
pected. Not to speuk of the pools on the car
pet and the quautlty that soaked through the
clothing, more than a score of spots could be
counted on the wallpaper, half as many on
the Dictures and several on the furniture."
SOCIETY BLUEBOOK.
OUR SOCIETY BLUEBOOK. Publish*! by
Charles OL Hoaf. For tale by 11 art well, Miiche.l
<fc Willis, Posl street, Citr; mice $5.
The 189G-97 edition ot this work has just
been published, auJ is fully equal to former
Issues. In one or two respects it is not quite
up to date— for instance lv the division head
ed "Personnel of the Press," which is incom
plete and In more than one respect positively
erroneous. This will doubtless be remedied
by the publisher in future editions. Typo
graphically the "Biuebook" is a work of art.
LITERARY NOTES.
Queen Victoria's book will be published In
America Dy the Century Company. The-e
will be 100 copies on Japanese paper at $50
and 600 on fine paper at $13. Both editions
are Mr'.ctly limited and do more will be
printed.
McClure's Magazine for February con
tains a tea poem by Rudyard Kipling, iilus
trated by Oliver Herford. Since the puDlica
tion of Kipling's new boot of poems, "The
Seven Seas," there is a special interest in him
as a poet, and particularly as the poet of the
sea.
Mrs. Lanier has prepared a new edition of
her husband's, Sidney Lanier's, "The English
Novel," and there will be in it passages not
included in the first issue. The Messrs. Scrib
ner will publish it shortly. The same house
has ready Professor Charles F. Kent's second
volume of the "History of the Hebretf Peo
ple."
Since retiring in large measure from edi
torial duties In Atlanta Joel Chandler Harris
has been busily engaged in several iiterary en
terprises. Hitherto "Uncle Remus" alone has
been associated with his name, bat indications
arc that the grout Jiune of his first success
may be shared by his new novel, "Sister
Jane." Mr. Harris,' juvenile books, it is re
ported, will occupy his time xor a considerab
period.
Dr. Weir Mitchell, author of "Hugh Wynne,
Free Quaker," now appearing in the Century,
is hearing much from Friends regarding
his novel. It is felt by them that for the first
time the Quaker is having justice in fiction—
usually he is caricatured and made untruthful
or ridiculous. Even the stern father is liie
like in Dr. Mitchell's story, and the gradual
emancipation of the hero from the bonds of
his i&ith is well and naturally told.
Joseph Jefferson, the actor, is also an artist
and is greatly interested in the revival of an
old-time method of picture-making— painting
upon copper, from which a single print is
taken on paper. In the February Century
there is an article by William A. Coffin on
thefce "Monotypes." Among the monotypes
reproduced in the article is one by Jefferson
himself, the original of which is in the Play
ers' Club in New York; another shows him at
work in his studio.
Announcements of books dealing with the
life or work, or both, of William Morris follow
each other in quick succession, says the Lon
don Westminster Gazette. The latest is that
Buxton Forman is preparing a volume which
will bear the title "The Books of William Mor
ris: an Essay in Bibliography." It will set
forth in a connected narrative "the public ap
pearances of the author in a way calculated to
give the student and collector such exact
bibliographical knowledge of the whole of tho
printed works as the present age requires con
cerning not only great men l ; ke Morris, but
many minor literati." Mr. Forman, whose
address is 46 Marlborough Hill, St. John's
Wood, London, will be glad to hear of "any
out-of-ihe-way items cognate to the subject of
a work at once narrative and bibliographical."
A series which will be most cordially wel
comed is that which the Macmillan Company
is preparing to issue under the title "Heart of
Nature Series." The derivation of the title is
from that exceptionally popular juvenile,
"Tommy-Anne and the Three Hearts," by
Mabel Osgood Wright, who very appropriately
is one of the authors of the first volume of the
new series, "A Bird Book for Beginners."
The second volume will probably be some
"Native Animals," edited by Frank M. Chap
man, who writes of "Four-footed Americans";
a third, "From Moss to TTee," will not be a.
systematic botany, Dut a book, on plant life
lor beginners, giving a concise story of a
hundred or more species that are either beau
tiful or useful. The "Insect Brotherhood,"
edited by Samuel H. Scudder, will describe
various kinds of stings, wings and things.
"When the Earth Was Young," edited by
RaiphS. Tarr, will be a general introduction
to nature study. "The Making of Home,"
sanitation, etc., outdoors and in, entitled
"The House People," will be edited by Dr.
John S. Billings. It will be a book of stories
of home life, showing how all study of animal
and vegetable lite, physical science, etc., has
a very close and practical bearing on the
building up of the home, etc.
The February Forum opens with an import
ant article by Senator David B. Hill on the
"Future of the Democratic Organization."
Mr. Hill severely criticizes the Chicago con
vention, wherein, he sayß, Democratic usages
and principles were ignored from theoutse:,
old and well-established Democratic principles
repudiated and new and dangerous doctrines
substituted. Fidel G. Tierra. chairman of the
Cuban press delegation, in "The Present and
Future of Cuba" presents an authoritative
account of the actual condition of affairs in
the island. He is confident of the ultimate
success of the revolution, and emphatically
declares that no compromise between Spain
and the revolutionists is now possible. Thera
are now but two issues: Incessant warfare or
independence. The lion. William Woodville
Rockhill, Assistant Secretary of State, reviews
the status of our consular system and points
ou t some evils yet to be remedied before it can
reach its highest efficiency. "Ladies' Clubs in
London," by Miss Alice Zimmern, describes
the aims and objects, comforts and
advantages of the leading London
clubs for women. "The Results of Cardinal
Satolii's Mission" are told in an interesting
article by the Rev. Dr. Edward McGlynn. The
forthcoming publication of the "Autobi
ographies and Letters" of Gibbon the hia
toriau, in their original form, after being
sealed up for 100 years, is an event of rare
interest. Mr. Frederic IlHrrison, the distin
guished English critic, reviews these volumes
in an article entitled "The New Memoirs of
Edward Gibbon." Dr. J. M. Rice contributes a
third article in his series on the Problem of
Elementary Education, entitled ''Economy of
Time in Teaching," directing attention to the
limits of incidental instruction, the influence
of fatigue, and the question of mental ma
turity. Among other interesting articles in
the February Forum are: "Speedy Financial
and Currency Reform Imperative," by the
Hon. Charles N. Fowler; "The Cure for a
Vicious Monetary System," by Senator W. A.
Peffer; "Poe's Opinion of 'Theßavea,'" by
Joel Benton; "The Criminal in the Opes," by
Josiah Fiynt.
Messrs. Harper & Brothers' announcements
of new publications during February and
March include the following books:
Dr. Fridtjof Nansen's "Farthest North": Be
ing the narrative of the voyage of the Fram,
1893-96, and the fifteen months' sledge
expedition by Dr. Nansen and Lieu
tenant Johansen, with an appendix by
Otto Sverdrup, an etched portrait of
the author, about 120 full-page and
numerous smaller illustrations, sixteen col
ored plates in iac-sitnile from Dr. Nansen's
own sketches and several photogravures and
maps. "The Landlord at Lion's Head," a
novel by W. D. Howells, illustrated by
W. T. Smedley; "A Previous Engage
ment," a comedy, by \\. D. Howells;
"The Green Book, or Freedom Un
der the Snow," a novel, by Mauris Jokai,
author of "Black Diamonds," translated by
Mrs. Waugh; "The Last Recruit of Clare's":
Being Passages from the Memoirs of Artnur
Dillon, Chevalier of St. Louis and late colonel
of Clare's Regiment in the service of Franco,
by 8. R. Keightley; "Literary Land
marks of Rome," by Laurence Hut
ton; "Literary Landmarks of Florence,"
by Laurence Uutton; "The Descend
ant," a novel; "Beauty and Hygiene"; "Six
Cups of Chocolate" ; A Piece of Gossip in One
Ac;, freely Englished from a Kaffeeklatsch of
E. Schmithof by Edith V. B. Matthews;
"Theory of Physics," by Joseph S. Ames,
Ph.D., associate professor of physics and
sub-director of the physical laboratory of
Johns Hopkins University; "Bound in
Shallows," a novel by Eva Wilder
Brodhead, illustrated by W. A. Rogers; "In the
Old Herrick House," and Other Stories, by
Ellen Douglas Deland, author of "Oakleigh";
"The Mistress of the Ranch," a novel by Fred
erick Trickstun Clark, author of "On
Cloud Mountain"; "Tne Well-Beloved," a
novel by Thomas Hardy (in the new
uniform edition); "The Voyage of the
Rattletrap,' 1 by Hayden Carruth, illustrated
by H. M.Wilaer; "The American Claimant, and
Other Stories and Sketches," by MarK Twain
(uniform edition); "Easter Bells," Doems, by
Margaret E. Sangster; "Book and Heart: Es
says on Literature and Liie," by Thomas Went
worth Higginson (Harper's Contemporary
Essayists); and "How to Tell a Story, and
Other Essays," by Mark Twain iHarper's Con
temporary Essayists).
1000 pairs ladies' b ack hose will be sbcftrn
at the City ol Paris. Three pairs 50c. *
2324
FASHIONS FADS AND FANCIES
The newest style of hairdresslng. The effect Is obtained by using a round Pompadour
frame, which forms a complete circle. The back nair^ is drawn loosely over it and pulled
through the aperture in the center, where it is lormed into puffs and an upstanding loop.
ET SP3EMS to be an established fact that
braiding is to be very considerably
_. employed, but the braiding will
be very different in character from
that seen so much a year ago, for some of
the most beautiful examples from Paris
have open-work flowers in crochet Jet into
ttie material in the midst of the braiding,
and especially in vogue are blacK figares
on the cloth and canvas dresses, just com
pleted as models for the coming season.
The ungraceful «kirts composed of many
useless yards of stuff are vanishing, and
stiffened gores are things of the past; in
deed, it has been a sore trial this wearing
of skirts that were certainly fashionable,
but sadly uncomfortable and the cause of
many a headache.
To return to the braiding in tailor
gowns, Mrs. William Whitney has ju«t
received one from her tailor. It is of a
clear leaf preen cloth, with a vest of real
turquoise blue satin. The green is largely
toned down with shadows of gTay among
the folds, and then the inevitable braiding
comes In to farther dignify; but the braid
ing goes exclusively on the front panel of
the skirt, taking the form of a frameworr
of a rococo panel, or mirror, that cer
tainly commends itself to the eye.
This is seen on many a new sfcirt, but if
no panel or large figure effect is adopted,
what is designed as a rose-and-dart design
embellishes the bottom of the petticoat.
It is noteworthy that not one in fifty
ekirts goes out innocent of any hem deco
rations, and that there are two new and
admirable braids— one a broad, satin
finished band, which, when applied, looks
like a wide satin piping, and another,
rough, half-silk, half-wool weave known
at porcupine soutache.
Tailors are makine a great exertion to
impart to their gowns such an air of style
that they may be in favor for many occa
sions, and their success has certainly been
satisfactory, for at a Waldorf musicale Mrs.
Jack Astor's tailor pown excited no little
admiration. It was of a bluish purple hue.
On the front of coat and skirt and lower
balves of sleeves of the smooth-finished
spring weight of camels' hair a large Per
sian figure is cut out and patched with
cream wool twill. Where the edges of
clotn meet each other fine black silk
braiding is done in looping*, and then
the twill's face is well covered with orna
mentation in yet finer and more intricate
braiding.
Where the most delicate tendrils of the
vine-like figures run off, black silk em
broidery is set in, and under the first collar
of violet camel's hair a second of twill
folds out over the bust, its points and
edges graced with braiding. At least
three dickeys and neckbands accompanied
this suit — one of white satin, sparkling
with jet beading, another of violet velvet,
decorated with a double row of close-set,
email, cut-steel buckles, and a third of
black satin.
After perusing such a description we
can understand the prices asked and
rapidly obtained East for such gowns, as
assuredly they are well worth from $100
to $200.
.Novel and Oliic Creations.
Some delightful models are being sent
ont this month from London and Pari-*,
as smart women have finished with their
costumes made during the first part of
the winter and are demanding novel and
chic creations to wear to the varied enter
tainments that are being arranged for the
gayest part of the season, but visiting
dresses are also receiving their serious
consideration. One such conception would
please most of us, as purple moire velours
enters largely in its construction, the
skin being perfectly plain and entirely
composed of this fabric. The narrow and
continuous vest is in black satin piped
with cream color, and the front of black
mousseline de soie is over purple, the
same shade of which lines the entire dress.
A 101 l ruche of black chiffon will be worn
with this toilette, which is edged with tea
colored Valenciennes lace. The toque is
composed of pinkish mauve roses, tea
colored lace and a natural colored bird of
Paradise leather.
A new weave of cashmere, commercially
known as "cashmere cloth,*' ia much liked
in Paris, so a young matron here has had
a very successful frock evolved from a
soft tan shade, embroidered quite beauti
fully in a black and light tan braid. A
say little vest gives the necessary touch of
color. It should be remarked that the
skirt is but four yards wide and fits like a
glove around the hips.
More elaborate i« a costume, ordered by
a bride, of shot silk of an artistic green
shade. Quite a quantity of black ribbon
velvet trims it; indeed, ribbon velvet
figures on many imported costumes, but
is used comparatively little here. Cream
white guipure lace faces the jaunty short
bodice and the sleeves, and a very deep
corselet of blact satin gracefully drapes
the waist. The very small vest is of sheer
chiffon over green.
A novel little cravat effect of weasel's
fur is pretty, and the high, soft collar is
adorned with a narrow band of the fur
and tT?o points of the guipure. The hat
is of an unusual shape, with a square ap
pearance in front, and is made of velvet
of a rich brown shade, a green bird of
paradise and a little guipure lace.
A picture rare was a wee bit of a matron
the other day at an informal little tea.
Her gown of pale gray cloth was exquis
itely embroidered with silver and a shade
of amethyst silk, now so fashionable. The
entire costume was fashioned over this
siik. The jacket-like fronts ol the bodice
revealed a waistcoat of pleated tulle, with
a cravat in bow form also made of the
tulle. This reminds roe, girls, to tell you
that all the smart girls in New York are
wearing cravats of pale chiflon tulle. Try
one. Tney are wonderfully becoming.
At intervals in the embroidery were in
troduced amethysts with delightful effect,
and her gray velvet chapeau, faced with
amethyst velvet, had one of the new ser
pent buckles at one side, in which was set
an exceptionally fine amethyst. Kven her
gloves were stitched with this, to her,
most becoming color. Marcella.
Fresfy Fpom Paris. •
From Paris have just been sent ont some
oioth dresses with heavy open si!k em
broidery. They came each in a separate
box, and are completed with boleros
formed by the insertions set in the cloth.
These most desirable novelties are made
with broad bands of satin, and should
have little vests of real lace. Only first
class dressmakers can handle them wild
a hope of doing justice to the fabrics.
Very smart is a costume worn by a well
known social leader and donned occa
sionally by her when calling. It is of the
finest and most beautiful quality of dark
brown face cloth. The skirt is edged with
jable and lined with a golden green shot
taffeta. The chic rever is also made of
this silk, covered with some old Irish
lace and edged with sable. The waist
band and neckband are of black satin,
the collar being completed with a roll of
fur. The quaint toque of brown velvet of
a dark shade has three handsome up
standing ostrich tips at the left side, held
in place with an odd ornament of Indian
workmanship. It looks like a loose knot
and is studded v.ith emeralds. The crown
is embroidered to carry out the idea of
the ornament and is wrought in dull sold
and small emeralds. Marcklla.
Black, Skirts and Light
Waists.
In Paris skirts of the tinest black cloth
are being expensively worn with light
colored waists, made severely plain of the
heavy new weave of cashmere (drap
d'eie) or of vipogne or cashmere. Pale
grays, pinks, Delft blues, reds, greens and
petunias are iasuion able colors. In from
they fasten with simple pearl, gold or
silver buttons, like a shirt waist, and the
fronts are made with from four to five
pleats. Generally they are belted witn
the new monkey-.-kin belts, which are to
be bad in all the newest shades, mounted
with gold or old silver buckles, richly en
crusted with turquoise and garnet. The
swellest of belt* are of gold, enriched with
Russian enamel. The sleeves are very
moderate in size and have cloth waist*
bands that button.
The collar is turn down or stand up, ac
cording to the wearer's fancy, and very
frequently a little lace is used at the
throat. Such waists are sometimes lined
with Florence silk. White serge and
grain-yellow are dressy and becoming
shades much liked.
Bodices of black or colored velvets made
in the same way are already enjoying a
great vogue. Many are gathered at the
waist or tacked and open on the side
without showing any fastening, instead
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 7, 1897.
of being pleated. Tnry are most becom
ing when of velvet to plight figures, cash
mere luiting those best who are plump.
Marc ella.
.Net Dresses.
These are daily increasing in favor for
evening wear. Some have simple skirts,
accordion pleated, with bodice* gathered
into the waist beneath a handsome sa-<h.
Sometimes the sleeves have short puffs,
but I prefer those composed of tiny lace
i edged frills. In some cases the sleeves
J wrink.e down to the waist. Usually th«
j t'.ecolletage is mo9t becoming when cut
I round. A graceful spray of flowers at
j one side gives a finishing touch to a gown
which has enabled many a debutante to
look lovely during the past month, and
we may rejoice over the fact that net is
| supplanting in favor mous-<eline de soie
! and chiffon, as it is a hundred limes more
] desirable. Of course, all smh eowns have
I a silk or satin foundation. Very pretty is
such a irock j ast home from a lending
dressmaker's. The skirt is gathered from
waist to hem, over a silken slip, with
flounces of lace put on at intervals In a
round shape dipping toward the front,
and rather high in the back.
This style is much in evidence in New
! York, and is extremely charming, when
carried out in figured net with very fine
real lace. Also I hare just heard of the
same idea carried ou: under the most.
expensive circumstances in the finest of
chiffon, with lace ot the most exquisite
quality inserted transparently, keeping
i the same form — low in the front and high
in the back.
Greatly admired also, are some net
dresses, which have lace insertions in the
hem. Grenadine is being used in the
same way for young women and the
debutantes, as it is now obtainable in such
attractive evening shades.
Beautiful Ball Dress.
This may be said to be a combination of
the magnificent and the simple, being
I made of a brocade of pink shot with yel
' low, patterned with a ribOon design, fol
; lowed by a lace effect The skirt is
1 pleated on the hips and trimmed at the
hem with two rows of'fine lace, headed by
a band of guitmre, just fastened back on to j
the second pieat with loops of rose-pink
velvet ribbon, buttoned with diamonds.
'I he bodice shows a sort of double bolero,
the one made of the rose-rink velvet elab
| orateiy worked in tinsel of many hues,
and the other of the brocade pleated to
form a rever. At the toack is a pointed
belt of the embroid reel velvet, In the front
a vest of the softest cream-colored lace;
then again on the sleeves the embroidered
velvet is used, ar.d from the top of these
emerge two puffs of the brocade. The
decolletage is cut to show the shoulders,
with straps of rose-pink velvet, fastened
with diamonds, holding the bodice se
curely.
Describing the mo«t beautiiul gown
worn oy a debutaute at the great New
j York ball Vogue says: Among ihe
! younger set a white mousseline de soie,
I flounced on the bottom with silver thread
i edee embroidery, was deliciously fresh
and chaiminß. Round skirt ■ dancing
length, with two or three separate jranze
skirts beneath, showing the least
of the white satin s!id. The bodice model
was particularly new. A tight - fitting
white satin one, with its front draped
with white mous-eline, on which were
silver daisies embroidered en relief, th«
centers in strass and the very little full
ness drawn up to the center of decoiietage
and fastened as it were by a large dia
mond daisy.
"The bodice was round, fastened on the
side, being merely a (onndscion for the
loveliest drapery of mousseline starting
from the side seams, slanting downward
from the decolleta^e toward the front,
where it gave the effect down to the edge
SPRING AND SUMMER GOWNS.
1. Stnart tailor costume of bine cashmere cloth with braidings in blue and black and a skirt of primrose, mauve and black plaid silk
The tucked and pointed yoke in of plain primrose silk. The cravat should be black and the hat also.
2. Dainty toilet tor a summer girl. The satin skirt la perfectly plain. The bodice is of mousseline de aoie and has little curves of
iWlae-colored lace.
of waist of an open jacket, the finisli con
sisting of a fine pliese frill, which con
tinued round the waist, the bacK being
ti raped across the shoulders to the waist
line. Tight mouyquetaire mousseline
sleeves reached the elbow and over the top
of them were oval puffs bordered very
much as a nurse's cap with a fine plisse,
which gave a charmingly simple finish to
the -houlders and was quaint besides. With
a string of pearls round the neck, the hair
beautifully (ire- sed, nothing so thoroughly
ratlinee in the way of a debutante's ball
dress could be devised." Mabcella.
Latest Evening Gowns.
A heliotrope brocade, much admired
at a recent reception, has orchids in the
bodice, as well as some gf>ld and pearl
passementerie. Heliotrope mousseline is
used for the short elbow sleeves, and forms
the frill that extend* down the lift side of
the skirt. The effect produced by it is
Known as the crossing skirt, because it is
presumed to give trfe idea that the skirt
crosses over; the bows of plain satin rib
bon, which adorn plentifully the entire
gown, are pretiy.
Felix lately completed three models,
the descriptions of which I quote, hoping
they may be duly appreciated ; but to con
fess the truth in the matter, I prefer
the designs of our well-known dress
makers. The first is spoken of as
having a low-pointed bodice and slightly
trained skirt in mos k -green moire velvet;
large velvet bow on the point at the back;
charmine and artistic Louis XV corsage
drapery with loop epaulettes, harmoniz
ing with the panel robings in cream satin,
edged with rare guipure and all aglow
with radiant roses, hand-painted in
variegated hues amiast soft lace ap
pliques; oblong diamond bucklos. In the
coiffure shines a rising-sun ornament in
gems and diamonds resting against a bow
of shell-pink satin ribbon.
The second is a robe of black net spangled
with either steel, silver or gold and clev
erly wrapped on the ri«ht side in the loose
empire style over a princess gown in black
satin. Short bolero in keeping, edged !
with sequin lace and cut to meet on either j
side the opposite points of the fan-shaped
epaulettes in fluted wire net. Tufts and
garlands of pink leaHess roses cover the
short sleeves and outline the square open
ing of the bodice. Other roses or loops of
pink moire >ilk veiled with sj angled net
happily relieve the brunette headdress
i with a light touch of color. A few de
tached blossoms are besides strewn on
the hanging drapery. Bertue of finely
pleated net.
The last mentioned has a low, close-fit
ting bodice and oval trained skirt, mount
ed with three pleatings at the back in
denteile point de Paris, elaborately
trimmed with graduated stripes of large
velvet leaves, brightened up with a splen
did gold and multi-color jet embroidery.
Detached leaves are sparingly studded
over the berthe flounce, while narrow
bands of foliage define the pointed waist
and opening of bodice. Short sleeves in
black velvet, gathered into a double puff.
In the coiffure at the back towers: a single j
white ostrich feather, curling toward the
front, and below the Greek kn->t sparkles
a gem buckle in the center of a windmill
bow composed of loops in shot-yellow rib
bon. White gauze fan. painted with a row
of medallions, with showers of paillettes
in rainbow tints.
Wftite Satin.
This is usp-1 with good results for a
dainty girl. Round the foot of the skirt
is a ruching oi mousseline de soie. The
satin bodice has a butterfly front of white
mou°seline de soie, and the silver and
pearl galon is quite decorative.
It is nn excellent idea when a light
hued satin skirt begins to soil nround trie
bottom to tiave a bias piece of material
sewn lightly round the skirt; then over
this have a niching of tuile, mousseline
de soie or chiffon. It will make tne skirt
look perfectly new and fresh and thus de
lay the departure of the gown to me
cleaner's.
Old rose glace is a very fashionable
fabric this season, and one such dress. has
a bodice scalloped at the neck, each scal
lop being edged with an ivory whi:e
pleating of tulle. In front the corsage is
embroidered with bands of steel and sil
ver paillettes. The plain skirt is made
according to the style now much in vogue
in Paris; that is to say, it had a gathering
of a thipk cord about the hips, and this
throws toe fullness in the most graceful
way just where it is needed.
A yellow satin made in this City and
much admired has the entire front of its
bodice beautified with embroidery and
falls of soft old lace. An empire bodice
said to be constructed on quite new lines
is made with an oddly shaped bolero of
gray satin. It has a broad waistband of
white satin ; at the neck are bouillermes
of gray and white satin, and crossway
folds oi the same form the bodice.
The skirt shows again folds of the satin.
The latest bodices are not. fashioned ac
cording to the liking of the dressmakers,
for they are so complicated that tney rep
resent an immense amount of labor; as
one authority says of a certain model,
each «ide of the front is different, and
each side of the back. One model bodice
nas, on the left side of the front, a fan-
This dainty nightgown for a small maid Is
in soft coral pink flannel. It has a pointed
yoke, embroidered in feather utitchings of
thiefc white washing silk. It is trimmed
with a ruffle of torchon lace and closes at the
left side in order 10 keep the chest well cov
ered.
shaped pleating of the tame satin as the
dress, widening on the bust and narrow
ing at the waist, while the other half is all
tulle and velvet. The deep belt is of two
shades of velvet, dark and light, crossing
ench other in the center of the back and
front, and thus presontin g totally differ
ent aspects on each side.
Lovely is a ball dress in pale pink satin,
veiled with alternate stripes of accordion
pleated chiffon and guipure lace, whicn
was covered with Hundreds of sparkling
diamonds.
, For tfye .Men.
No first-class Eastern tailor would now
think of putting a breast pocket in a coat,
and I am thankful for its disappearance,
as it totally ruined a good garment, and
certainly it was not necessary to loudly
announce the fact that one owned a hand
kerchief, as such articles are scarcely ever
used in public nowadays.
The useless little tabs on the fronts of
shirts have likewise vanished, as they
were never of the slightest use.
When in mufti the best-turned-out men
are indulging in bright colors with pic
turesque results when they do not permit
thoir fancies run riot.
Golt suits are owned by most Eastern
society men, and the Scotch goods em
ployeu in the evolution of the trousers are
the only correct fabrics. In coloring they
are more than satisfactory, and the warm
glowing heather mixtures, as well as
bold red plaids, are liked by some.
Single-breasted coats of a heavy cheviot
or black vicuna will be worn with our
knickers. The vests may be of the same
fabric as the coat, but fancy goods are
likewise employed, but not with such
pleasing results.
Golf is bo rapidly gaining in favor in
California that Him's latest remarks on
this important and interesting subject are
well worth reading, so I quote the follow
ing lines:
"The golf suit with the cap to match is
no longer in good form. The ready-made
affairs have driven the combination out.
The new knickers are made of Scotch
worsteds in broad prominent plaid ef
fects. The hose should be of the same
predominating tone as the knickers.
"The Scotch knitters are making hose
now of a lightweight worsted. The legs
are or a plain co'or, or of a warm heather
mixture. The tops have lozenge panels
in very vivid colors. The feet, by a clever
process, «re woven to tiie worsted legs;
but they are not made of worsted, but of
lisle or cotton.
"This gives that lightness of texture
which insures foot comfort. Very few
men could bear the warm, itchy worsted
feet, and footless hose were very uncom
fortable and shifty. This new cotton-foot
hose overcomes the discomforts incidental
to woolen feet and supplies hosiery that ia
rugged, comfortable and healthy.
"The knicker for next spring will be cut
vefry much on the same principle as riding
breeches. This will brin<r the buttons on
the quarter-cuff? to the front of the leg.
The cuffs should not have less than five
buttons, ana they should fit without a
wrinkle. When tho hose is rolled up over
the cuff, put the garter on so that two but
tons on the cuff will be exposed. The tops
should then be rolled over, and care taicen
Ptripad flannel pajama for a girl of 12. The
stripes are red and the yoke, waistband a:jd
cuffs of plain red. Fine torchon lace trim
ming.
that the pattern is even. A slovenly rolled
♦op destroy? the beauty of the eolf hose."
HUMOR ON
THE FERRY
An Oakland JYlaiden's Sorry flight
and HoW it Game
About.
ffcT was on the half-past 6 evening boat
\ to Oakland that it happened.
o Now, this particular boat carries a
very gloomy and misanthropic load of hu
manity. Indeed, not even the early morn
ing boats coining this way, laden with
people who have been forced to rise in the
chill gray dawn, carry so grim and unso
ciable a lot of passengers as are seen on
this special trip through the dusky shad
ows of approaching night to the regions
across the bay.
A lew of the morning travelers nre, it is
true, San Franciscans who went over to
see their sweethearts — it is a harrowing
fact that some San Franci«cana do have
sweethearts on the other side of the bay
and got left.
There are also among them some mis
guided beings who have be^n lured frora
the peaceful and pious precincts of our
City to spend their nights in unholy rev
elry amid the glittering dens of vice and
iniquity which we have been told on good
authority masquerade under the innocent
name of clubs in Alameda County, and
have, consequently, massive and aching
heads for baggage.
The majority, however, are workmen
who have rested well, breakfasted com
fortably, have appetizing lunches in tbeir
neat little baskets and art facing the pros
pect of a remunerative day's work. There
fora, though sleepily silent, they are for
the most part cheerful, hopeful, and, when
occasion calls for communication amone
them, decently civil in look and speech
and manner.
Not so with the unfortnnates mock
ingly known a 8 -the happy sixers."
They are mostly business men who have
been detained at the office over time by
business or lack of business; clerks who
have been "put upon" in the matter of
extra work; women who have been so
absorbed in the pursuit of "bargains"
that they have paid no heed to the flight
of time until the store doors have been
gently but firmly closed behind them,
and persons who have accomplished tue
unsatisfactory feat of "just missing" the 6
o'clock boat.
This beinfc the case everybody is more
or Jess discouraged, and nearly every one
is cross— decidedly so— for they are all
doomed to be late to dinner and to have
that meal served up to them in a frag
mentary, congealed or desiccated state.
No artless children enliven this passage
by indulging in games of tag through the
saloon, tumbling recklessly over cus
pidors and the legs of their inoffensive
and uncomplaining fellow-passengers.
No dulcet strains of harmony are there to
soothe the savage breasts of the belated
ones, for the sleek musicians have shut un
shop for the day and are happily feasting
on macaroni and oil and sour wine and
other dainties in the bosoms of their re
spective families.
So it 18 that, as a general thing, after
the mad rush to be first on board is over
the passengers gravitate to the front end
of the saloon and, sitting there in morose
and stony silence, either feign utter
ignorance of the existence of their fellow
sufferers or stare at each other superb
ciliously witn coldly critical and disap
proving eyes, or openly express by look
and manner their hatred of their environ
ment and thieir disgust at the circum
stances which placed them therein.
Among the "left-overs" the other night
was a tall and willowy young damsel of
haughty carriage, who was crowned wit Q
an enormous hat, beplumed and bebowed
in the latest style, and wore upon her
shoulders one of the very "newest" capes
with a storm collar several yards high.
Although she carried several bandies
it was evident from their appearance and
her manner that they contained neither
plebeian groceries nor dry goods, but'
rather, some dainty and breakable articles
which their fair purchaser did not care to
trust to the untender mercies of a delivery
clerk. It was also evident that she was
one of those happy individuals who feel
that between tnem and the ordinary
human being there is little in common.
There was an air of frosty superiority
about her which wna actually chilling
and when she took possession of the cor
ner seat by the door and sat there, the
personification of statuesque dignity
there were many who forgot their p er l
sonai sorrows for tne moment as they
gazed admiringly at the tip of her
nose, and wondered why so lofty a
young woman did not have her own pri
vaie conveyance across the bay instead of
going over in the same boat with common
people.
Slowly the steampr labored through the
darkness, and deeper grew the gioom in
the cabin, until it was as thick as a Lon
don fog, and then suddenly, as the end of
the trip drew near, the modern Galatea in
the corner seat awakened into life. It was
as though the^spiiit had moved her" to
liven things up a little, and she proceeded
to do it with a vengeance.
Slowly she. arose, took a step forward
and then bet:an to dance a most energetic
and lively jig in the vacant space before
the door.
She hopped np and flown like a jump
ing-jack: she pirouette I like a Javane-e
mouse; she bent and s\v .yed like Kiral.'y
in his best days; rbile the astonished
spectators stared at her open-mouthed,
undecided whether to applaud Her ap
parent efforts to amuse them or to call for
the deckhands to arrest her as an escaped
lunatic.
Wilder and wilder grew her gyrations.
The waving feathers and bows on her big
hat suggested an Indian headdress and
made her performance seem less like a
jie man a ghost dunce.
One or two of tne ladies had begun to
look a little alarmed, when tne impact of
the steamvr agam-t ttie dock-piles sent
the disciple of Terpsichore acainst the
door-j l mb, and with one wild, convulsive
kick, turned apparently at the chandelier,
the dance came to an end and the dancer
disappeared into the darkness outside.
Then, and not uniil then, did the spell
bound onlookers think of disembarking;
and as ihey rose, still wondering wnat it
all meant, to begin tne usual fight lor pre
cedence, a feminine voice solved the mys
■ery.
"That,"' said the oracle, in a tone of
solemn conviction, "is what comes of rin
ging yourself out in one of them wired
skirts and getting your foot caught in it!"
FC-NEGAL McVAHOM.
New arrivals, 100 pieces natin finish
foulards, $1, $1 15. at City of Paris. •
"Until the Da\j Break."
A human soul went forth into the night,
Shutting behind it Death's mysterious door.
And shaking off with strange, resistless might
The dust that once it wore.
So swift its flight, so suddenly it sped—
A> when by skillful hand a bow is bent
The arrow flics — those watching round the bed
Marked not thu way it went.
Heavy with grief, their acning, tear-dimmed
eyes
Saw but the shadow fall, and knew not when,
Or in what lair or unfamiliar guise.
It left the world of men.
It broke irom that with iron bands
Had bound it fast for many a grievous day ;
And Love itself with its restraining hands
Might not Its course delay.
Space could not ho.d it back with fettering
bars,
Time !ost its power, and cea«ed at last to be:
It swept beyond the boundary of the stars,
And touched Eternity.
Out from the house of mourning faintly lit,
It pa-sod upon its journey all alone;
So far not even Thought could follow it
Into those realms unknown.
Through the clear silence of the moonless
dark,
Leaving no footprint of the road it trod,
Straight as an arrow cleaving to its mark,
Tne Soul went home to Goa.
"Alns!" they cried, '-he never saw the morn.
But fell asleep outwearied with the strife"—
Nay, rather, he arose and met the Dawn
Of Everlasting Life.
Christian BuRKt, in Pall Mall Magazine,
New style green serge puifs, bolero
jacket, changeable silk front, $25. City of
Pans. ♦
it is computed that if the traffic of the
city of London were to be dispatched by
a procession of trains, each with the en
gine touching the preceding guard's van,
as far as Liverpool and back, the first to
return to Euston would find 214,000 per
sons waiting to start.
NEW TO-DAT.
Imperial Hair Regenerator
f will make the hair teauti-
dßJHß3pS> tul, g.ossy and natural, no
Jf*2SH»£iu-itUT how Streaky,
f*£*4JtFX 81. . ACHISD or GRAYit
maybe.
\Zf/{ nif It is clean, odorless, la«t-
-\HjJ 'Bae\ ing. It does not contain an
J»-/jj iaj atom of poisonous matter.
>€ »4 Mfflr Baths do ot affect it,
/f\c n j'<' Dm neither does curling or
£ IX i H^''l crimping. Incomparable-
i ti V fi P for the U.-AKO on account
| Ijgff » pi II U of its durability aud clean-
liness.
jg ' \ IJJ ffV No. 1. Black.
No. 2, Dark ...*__
t v ' ■ »i|l if Brown. fIgSMWjJV
No. 3, Medium vEpSr ■
No. 4,<'htstnut $££&&
No. 7. Ash" ' feyff&^S
Blonde. *52rV255*
Price 81 50 and
$3 OJ.
Solo Mannfnoturers atifl Pafenteea:
Imperial Chenucal Mis- C 0. ,293 Fifth ay.. N. Y.
For Mile by Druejrists and li irdressers. In
Sa:i Francisco sold ar.d npplicd by Stanislas ,
•atrozyubki and Goldstein & t'.hn.
iJSt=s\ LAWRENCE
SYSTEMi
LJ /Vr^:/ \s The only one by which
YT«JL_£^» you can make a garment
VlJL^fS^ without trying on.
HWjjPCS* FREE TESTS.
* 3F^ 1230 MARKET ST.THIS COW PUZZLED SCIENCE
Hiad a Hardware Skop ir\ Her Stomach.
[. People Worxdered What Made tke
JMilk Taste of Iror\
T^JOCKTOWX, N. J., Feb. 2, 1897.—
■■■5/fc Ninety-two pleres of hardware were
lemr* discovered in the stomach of a cow
belonging to John Risier, a well-kuown
farmer living near here, when it was
killed the after part of last month.
So extraordinary is the case generally
regarded «nd so many requests for verifi
cation have poured in on Mr. Riser that
he has made affidavit enumeraiin • the
articles, which reads in part as follows: '
'•This is an exact statement of what was
taken from my cow's stomach: One two
penny wire nail, one fourpenny nail, two j
sixpenny nails, eleven eigbtpenny and j
four threepenny cut nails, five f^urp^nny
nails, one fivepenny wrought nail, thirty
nine pjeces of nails, two one-inch screws,
three pieces of wire, three stones, one hoc
ring, one-half threshing machine spike,
a padlock and a piece of chain. In all
ninety-two (92) different objects were j
taken from the atomach.
• "Some of them showed that they had
been there for many months, if not years,
while others ha i apparently been swal
lowed quite recently."
A cow which thrived and grew fat upon
a diet of shingle nails, padlocks and small
pieces of steel-link chain is certainly an
animal whose gastronomic achievements
are worthy of chronicling.
Tender green grass, rich meadow hay or
evojn a delectable bran mash had no at
tA :is for this Jersey when any odd
t 4 ol hardware were obtainable. Her
; 1 nee f-eenied to De for such unusual
thfflgs as spilt??, screws, nutheatls and
pieces of wire.
In only one respect did this cow differ
from any other of her species. She gave an
excellent quality of miik and more than
the ordinary quantity, and how she came
to develop a digestion which for its ability
to assimilate almost anything has never i
Leen equaled is a marvel as yet unex
plained by scientific men.
Ostriches and coats have heretofore been !
the.only creatures re; uted to be able to !
exist upon a loiir continual diet of mis
cellaneous hardware, but for a varied as
sortment of unusual articles which can
b3 taken into the stomach, and the ani
mal apparently experiencing no incon
venience, this New Jersey cow has estab
lished a rer.ord.
How she- came to acquire her peculiar
taste and where she managed to pick up
f-uch odd pieces of nieial no one has as
yet been able to explain. She might still
be making a living hardware-store of her
self had not her owner decided to convert
the living animal into beef for winter and
spring consumption by his family.
"When a few days ago Mr. Risier decided
that one of his cattle must be sacrificed in
order to supply the family with meat he
looked around among hia numerous ani
jnal« v and without hesitating selected this
t articular cow as the victim for the
butcher.
It. was one of the best he owned, and j
such milk as she gave could not be equaled
in the entire State. There was a peculiar
taste to the milk. Not an unpleasant, but
a sort of iron taste, which was rath r
• KTHE COW EATING NINETY-TWO PIECES OF HARDWARE.
agreeable than otherwise, and dairy ex
perts, who have analyzed the fluid said
that there wa3 a trace of iron in the milk,
but they could not account for its pres
ence there. The wiseacrf s of the neieh
borhood decided that it must be because
. there was more or less i.on in the water
the cow drank.
• She was in appearance the fattest and
sleekest of all the hera. Her glossy sides
shone like those of a well-kept racehorse.
There was every indication that the cow
would make prime beef, arid Khe was ac
cordingly sent to the slaughter.
Never was -ti;e old saying that "things
are seldom wnat they eeeni" better illus
trated than when this same cow, metamor
phosed into beef, was returned to Mr
Risler.
Like every honest American farmer he
. objected to being defrauded in any man
ner and when he saw th° beef which the
'•butcher sent lie very promptly made a
. Jnos- vigorous protest.
Whereas, he had sent away an appa
rently i ealthy, fat and well-fed cow, he
> received in return a beei which would
throw discredit upon a maverick.
There was hardly meat enough to cover
the tones. What little there was was
. fibrous and as full of muscle as that of
tr| widest steer which ever came over
ttl: drive. A healthy yearling would give
a fetter proportion of meat, and Mr. Ris
lef lost no time in setting out to investi
gate.
After patiently listening to the many
reasons given by Mr. Risier as to why the
meat sent him could not possibly be that
of the cow w ich he had Bent to the
batcher, that phlegmatic individual
asked, "What did you send me anyhow?"
"Why, the best four-year-old cow on my
place, to be sure, ana all you send me
back is the skeleton of a cow," was the
energetic reply.
"Hold on a minute," said the butcher;
'just see what you sent me inside that cow
before you talk about skeleton," and with
that he brought out a peck measure filled
with a varied assortment of hardware
such as was never produced from the
stomach of any cow before.
Mr. Risier carefully looted over the col
lection, and after identifying the padlock
I and a stray piece of chain as some of his
j own property which had been missing for
some months he handed the mass of
metal back to the butcher, with the re
marK: "Well, I was lucky to get even a
skeleton if the cow had to take care of all
that stuff. But where didahegetit? I
guess that explains the iron taste in the
miln— and small wonder."
It certainly did explain to a certain ex
j tent the peculiar taste ot the miik, but an
explanation as to the manner in which
the cow came to swallow such a mass of
metal is still agitating local scientists and
medical men of LocKtown and vicinity,
who cannot understand how, in the first
place, any animal could possibly swallow
such a heterogeneous mass and survive,
and in the next place, how it was Dossible
to continue an apparently healthy exist
ence under such circumstances.
There is, so far as is known, no record
of any similar performance ever having
been accomplished by a cow or any other
animal. Small stones and even pieces of
metal have been found in the stomach of
animals, but for such a mixed mass to be
found in any one's stomach is without
precedent.
The only theory which has any possi
i biiity is that the cow had a perverted
J taste and took the Dieces of metal into
her mouth thinking they were good to
eat. They passed into her first stomach
: with her regular food in the ordinary and
| natural way. There they remained while
the food of the animal was eventually
diges ed in the ordinary way. Had the
foreign articles been expelled by the first
stomach of the cow the chances are that
she wouid have strangled, while as it was
they were practically of no inconvenience,
and only prevented the animal from be
cominc fat, a form of bloat taking- its
place, which accounts for her well-fed ap
pearauce, while as a matter 01 fact she
was, so far as meat was concerned, as thin
as a razor-backed hog.
So if you notice a taste of iron in your
milk tell the milkman to change the cow's
j feed.
Traveling Town Libraries.
Senator James H. Stout of Menomonie,
Wis., in establishing traveling libraries in
Dunn County at his own expense has done
a service to others than those iin mediately
benefited, for he has given the plan a prac
tical trial that will go far toward securing
its adoption elsewhere. When he made his
first contribution to the plan sixteen libra
ries of thirty volumei each were put in
operation. The number has since been in
creased to twenty-sii, and there is a call
for four more, while all the more lately
purchased libraries ara supplied with
forty volumes instead of thirty. Dunn
County has 15.000 inhabitants outside of
the city of Menomonie, which has a large
public library. The people take a cenuine
interest in the libraries and use them to
the extent of tneir opportunities, and it is
said that the good influence of well
chosen reading i 3 already perceptible.
Similar experiments are being made in
other counties of Wisconsin on a smaller
scale. Iv two counties where there are
large Polish settlements the demand for
boots on American history and politics is
especially encouraging.
Senator Stout's experiment, though
gratifying in its results, does not, of
course, establish a precedent for the way
in which such libraries are to be made
available to the people. It is not every
county, or even every State, that is fortu
nate enough to possess one citizen who
has both the means and the wealth to
make such a venture. Wisconsin, how
ever, has already a system of fr c libraries
founded under a law passed two years
ago, which created a free- library coramis
sioa. The traveling libraries may be
brought under this law by means of an
amendment to include them, and the
friends of the plan are working for this.
Of the value of the plan there is no longer
any doubt. Furthermore, v system so
well adapted to Wisconsin must be equally
valuable in any neighboring Western
State. The subject has been agitated in
Minnesota, but never, so far as we Know,
with any definite result.— St. Paul Pioneer
Press.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL. SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 7, 1597.
FIVE WOMEN WHO HAVE WON RECOGNITION IN OUTDOOR SPORTS.
AMERICAN WOMEN IN THE WORLD OF SPORT
Quick With the jßifle, Yet Fear a Mouse— Jhey LoVe the Exhilara
tiorv of Outdoor Employ me r\t, ar\d Ofterv Excel Their
J^ale Competitors in J-lur\tir\g ar\d DriVirxg
iT^^MERICAX women are rapidly
vli J .' taking to out-of-door sport*. Here
m\k.j are five nho have recently won dis
tinction by their ability to lead in the
hunt, on the wheel and the racecourse.
Shootine, cycling and fast driving are
some of the sports which they have
taken up, and not only have they excelled
their own sex by accomplishing extra
ordinary feats in their chosen amuse
ments, bat they are the envy of many of
their male competitors.
Three of these women are modern
Dianas and have attracted a great deal of
notice in their respective localities by
bringing down game of all descriptions,
both large and smail. Their unerring
aim wi'h rifle and shotgun has gained for
them the admiration of many an older
and experienced hunter.
Another prides herself on having ex
celled in driving fast trotting horses,
while the fifth has accomplished wonders
as a century rider on her bicycle.
There is not the faintest suggestion of
the "new woman" in the domestic life of
any of these women, and aside from being
highly respected in the communities
where they reside, they are excellent
wives, mothers and daughters, as the
case may be, and sport is followed by
them purely for the healthful exercise
and amnsement which it affords.
Mrs. Catherine Helsel is the name of
one of these modern Dianas whose lond
ness for roaming over the mountains in
pursuit of game has left her, at the age of
64, wiiich she reached this month, a
bright, witty and healthy specimen of
womanhood.
At the present time «he lives with her
husband, George Helsei, South Board
man, Kalkaska County, Mich. The
earlier years of her life were spent in
Ohio, where she became a devotee of the
rod, line and gun. She accompanied her
father or brothers on their expeditions
and soon became an expert with the shot
gun, and few birds ever escaped her un
erring aim.
More than forty years ago Mr. and Mrs.
Helsel moved to a small town near Grand
Rapids, Mich., and every fall spend sev
eral weeks bunting. As game grew
scarce they continued further north to
where »hey are now located, midway be
tween the rich hunting district of the
Boardman and Manistee rivers.
Mr?. Helsel early aspired to large game,
and discarded her double-barreled shot
gun for a Marhn 8-pound 38-caliber re
peating rifle. She has a long list of deer
to her credit, and during one season she
killed fourteen of the fleet-footed ani
mals.
She is extremely modest in relating her
exploits with the rill', but declares that
she is never happier than when in the
woods with her dog and gun, and ay rs
that she now owns tne best bear dog that
ever sniffed a track. She has one bear
skin rUK aiorning her parlor which is
pierced by a bullet from her rifle.
As an evidence of the esteem in which
her prowess is held by her neighbors,
this express on of opinion by her friends
is very emphatic: "If you have any
crack marksmen in your vicinity, you can't
trot them out any too quick. We up here
in Northern Michigan will bet our last
cent on Mrs. Heisel on the run or s ami
ing at any distance under Bixty yardt."
"Tbe Huntress of Jackson Hole" is
the title given by her friends to Miss Mil
dred Bevington, a young Rocky Moun
tain girl, living on the bord.er of Jackson
Hole, in the western part of Wyoming.
She has recently been successful in
bunting game which men usually find
hard to get. She carries a new Sharpless
powder-using JJO-caliber weapon, and re
cently within a week she has killed half a
dozen black-tailed deer.
She baa adopted bloomers as a hunting
costume, but this has been done purely as
a matter of convenience, as dresses are
not compatible with the thick sage
brush of the bunting districts. There
is nothing masculine in her manner, how
ever, and when she sits in her parlor at
home tbore is nothinujin tier modest ap
pearance that would offer the least sugges
tion oi mannisnness.
She uses the soft-nosed bullets, which,
when they hit an animal, spread until
they widen half an inch in diameter. The
deer which she has brought down, as a
rule, do not run more than twenty yards,
and many have died before half that dis
tance was covered.
Sbe finds antelope hunting the most In
teresting and exciting sport of all and de
scribes one of. her recent victories as fol
lows:
"I took my pony and went away up
above the ranch, tethered the animal and
then went along a little bluff to where I
could look off across the open country for
a long way. I brought my field glass into
play, but could not see a singie thing.
Then I went on a short distance further
and scanned the plain again. I had been
out for perhaps an hour and a half when
I happened to see a glimmer of something
over a little hummock not more than 500
yards away. It was just a little speck of
brown that I had seen, and I was not ab
solutely certain that I had seen anything,
but I cocked my rifle and waited. It
seemed so long waitiner there that I had
almost concluded thai I was mistaken.
Suddenly, however, up went something
on the rising ground. Another jump and
an antelope was in eight, followed by four
others. I tried to catch sight of one, but
they were so small in the sights that they
looked tike little bits of rabbits. Pretty
soon I pulled the trigger. The next in
stant they were gone. But I put in an
other shell and ran over to ihe top of the
rise, and there lay one dead. The bullet
bad gone into the back of the head and
torn a fearful hole."
Mrs. F. Eugene Belden of Chelsea,
Maine, is another recent audition to the
ranks of huntresses. Prior to last July
she bad never handled a gun. She was
proficient, however, in the use of the re
volver, but there her skill in the hand
ling of firearms ended. Since that time,
however, she has been in at the death in a
ox hunt, having killed the elusive ani
mal herself.
Her husband is a great sportsman, and
while they were in New Hampshire last
summer he taught her the use of the rifle.
She took to it handily and began by ex
perimenting on bottles. She improved so
rapidly from the beginning that early in
October she accompanied her husband on
a hunting trip into the Maine woods. Slip
sighted a deer while on the expedltiou
and without fear or wavering shot it
square in the shoulder. Elated with her
success she determined to seize every op
portunity of improving her ski!), and
shortly afterward went to Paris Hill, Me.,
to try her luck at fox-hunting and rode in
the fifth hunt of the BuckfielU Fur Club.
The result of the day's sport wai ihat
she killed the first fox — the bugest and
the first ev«r secured by a woman in the
nistory of the club. On the day of the
hunt about twenty members ol the club
were r resent, divided into three parties.
In one party were Mr. and Mrs. Belden
and Mr. and Mrs. J. C. Emerton, Miss L.
McQnade and F. C. Mower of Auburn.
When near the signpole one of the
hounds started a fox in one cf the swamps.
As the game scenud to be coming toward
them the party spread out. Boon Mrs.
Beiden's quick eye discovered a fox steal
ing ud th- hill about forty yards distant.
She fired instantly, holding her heavy
double-barreled gun at arm's length with
out resting. The fox tumbled dead, but
she was so afraid that he was not quite
finished that she emptied the second bar
rel into his body in order to make sure.
She is inclined to rest upon her laurels
for the season, but declares that her next
expedition will be in search of bear or
moose.
Mrs. Belden is young, pretty and lady
like. She wears a very becoming bunttng
costume, consisting of a corduroy jacket
and bloomers, with high rubber boots and
a corduroy cap to match the suit.
She is iond of ali athletic sports and be
sides being a .splendid horsewoman is a.i
expert swimmer.
Of all out-of-door sports in which women
indulge there is none more healthful or
exhilarating than riding behind a fast trot
ter and handling the "ribbons." This is
the sort of pport Miss Daisy L. Cram of
Knox, Ind-., enjoys, and a short time apo
she broke the world's record for fast
driving at the Plymouth races. It was
her first bona-tiie race, and she corupsteil
with Mrs. Harry Johnson of Akron, Ind.,
and Mrs. C. C. Howard of Marion. She
won with Rockaway in three straight
heats, making a record for lady drivers oj
2:'lA]4, lowering the previous record by
three seconds.
That it takes courage to put a trotter a
mile at this gait no one who has ever sat
in a sulky will deny. This characteristic
Miss Cram has in an abundant degree.
She is the only daughter of Quincy
Cram, formerly of La Porte, Ind., who
movfd to Knoi about two years ago. He
is one of the best-known horsemen in the
State and has helped to make records of
such cracks as American Boy Jr., 2:20,
and Pome» Nix, 2:17.
Miss Cram delighted in working them,
and at the early age of 13 years she sent
American Boy Jr. a mile in 2:30.
In her splendid performance at Ply
mouth she pushed Rockaway under the
wire in 2:21 iv the first heat. The first
quarter of the second heat was done in
33 seconds and the half in 1 :09. The horses
were driven under whip from the turn
into the stretch to tlie wire, and ended
with Rockaway beating Marie Corbett,
diiven by Mrs. Johnson, by a short neck.
The finish was cheered by thousands, and
gained for Miss Cram many fronds and
laurels.
.Miss Cram is a young woman, excep
tionally pretty and very popular in her
home.
One young woman must not be over
looked! in the recital oi wonderful out-of
door accomplishments. She is Mrs. E. A.
Rinehart, the wife of a Denver photogra
pher, and her recent performances on the
wheel are certainly remarkable. Her fa
vorite spin is a century, and a Bhort lime
ago in twenty successive days she reeled
off twenty of them aggregating more than
2100 miles. She is a sturdy and daring
wheelwoman, and lately, in company
with W. R. Marshall of the Denver Ath
letic Club, made a fast century to Colo
rado Springs out of Denver and back.
Together they made the distance of 150
miles in sixteen hours and ten minutes,
over half the distance being covered
against a strong head wind. It was the
first time the trip has ever been made by
a woman. .
The two riders started out on their long
ride at 4 o'clock in the morning and Colo
rado Springs was reached at 1:30 o'clock
in the afternoon. On the return journey
they had tne wind to combat, and Denver
was not reached until 8:10 p. >i.
Mrs. Rme hart 'has also gained the
woman's world's century record by riding
over the Evan3 course in 8 hoars and 5
minutes, a distance of 104 miles.
In speaking of her cycling exploits Mrs.
Rinenart says: "The chief reason I can
give for beinn able to outdistance other
lady riders is that t am not afraid to iide
nione. I always ride when I feel in the
moud for it, and I make an invariable rule
to dress for comfort and service rather
than discomfort and useless style.
"As a rule I take my time when on the
road, making occasional sprints to make
up for loaiing, and invariably finish my
centuries early in the evening. Generally
I ride alone, but I am never afraid and
never stop except to take some refresh
ments, and ride ail the hills possible.
il Tnere has been a great deal said about
my killine myself, but I would like to
state that I weigh 142 pounds, two pounds
more than when 1 bejjan riding a year
ago. I fell oft some during the warm sum
mer weather, but have steadily gained
since."
Mrs. Kinehart's year's performance puts
a total to her credit of U6centuries, cover
ing a distance of 17,000 miles.
FROZEN DY NAMITE MISSILES
The J^eW ar\d Effective War projectile Is a
Shell Filled With the Powerful Ex
plosive y\fter Freezing
I^T^A-SHINGTON. D.C., Feb. 2. 1397- —
aJlliJ In tiae event of any unpleasant-
IH/Mf'i ness with a foreign power, a new
dynamite projectile has recently been in
vented which would cause the warships
of the opposing nation considerable in
convenience, to say the least.
It is a s cli, the most remarkable fea
ture of whicn is that ii contains frozen
dynamite and will not explode until it
pierces the object at which it is fired.
Another entirely new feature of this
destructive mis ile is a slow-burning fuse
sufficiently insulated from the charge to
prevent premature explosion while the
shell is traversing the designated dis
tance. Just what can be accomplished
and the terrific amount of damage which
would result to an enemy by means of
this new addition to our armament can
be slightly comprehended by a glance at
the accompanying illustration, which, is a
photograph of a target after experiments
with the shell charged with dynamite.
Tbe target was of steel, 3 inches thick,
but the explosion of the projectile was
suffici nt to turn back the edges of the
holes into a jagged wreath. The inventor
of this new type of projectile is James K.
Bake well, a patent attorney of Pitts
burg, Pa.
There is nothing new in the shape of
the shell, Mr. Bakewell states, but he is
now working on a different style irom
tliat of the ordinary shell in use at present.
Wfien the party gat here 1 for the experi
ment it was not without some misgivings,
all Leing familiar with the danger of
handling dynamite under any condition.
The Hotchkisa six-pounder, a rapid-fire
gun, rested on a recoil mount. The larpe
three-inch steel target was placed exactly
100 yards distant from the firing-place.
The cartridge used hai been reduced, be
ing charged witn only 700 grammes in
stead of the full service charge of 840
grammes. This test was to establish a
standard of comparison. In this instance
a common armor-piercing steel shell was
used. It was loaded with powder simply,
and fused. As the party felt assured they
THE GUN THAT FIRES THE NEW PROJECTILE.
were working on a perfectly safe ground
in this case there was no hesitation in
pulling the trigger of the Hotchkiss.
The gunner's aim was excellent. The
shell pierced the target almost exactly in
the center. The difference in effect on
the target between the t>owder shell and
the frozen dynamite projectiles following
was very marked, as is shown by t:>e
illustration. The hole where the shell
penetrated the steel is comparatively
clear and clearly cut, while tne remainder
are considerably torn and turned by the
explosion. The initial velocity of the
missile was measured at 1450 feet per sec
ond. When the party repaired to the tar-
TARGET SHOWING THE EFFECT OF FROZEN DYNAMITE.
get the point of the shell was found to
project fully three inches beyond the rear
surface of the plate, wbile the base was at
least an inch from the face of the target.
The fuse had blown out of the shell.
The preparations for the second round
were gone about witn more caution.
This was in reality the beginning of the
experiment, as the frozen dynamite was
used. The gunner did not relish the idea
of standing too near the piece, so a line
was attached to the trigger, and he stood
some distance in tne rear, with the re
mainder of ihe party, to be safe from re
coil or premature explosion.
All the tiring conditions were precisely
the same as those in the first round, ex
cept that the frozen dynamite was substi
tuted for the powder used in the first
shell. Exactly nfty-hve grammes of dyna
mite were used. At tbe signal the trigger
was Dulled. The shocfc of the firing was
extremely severe, as the gun is what is
known as a very high-powered one. The
mass of dynamite was so small, however,
that it cou.d not be estimated to what ex
tent larger masses couia resist the tiring
shock.
When the party had recovered from the
shock and pruceede i to examine the result
they lound the target pierced in the lower
left-hand corner, a short distance from the
ed^e. The shell, as in the previous in
stance, had pierced the target completely.
The point was protruding an inch beyond
the rear surface. The burr around the
hole ,was turned back enough to fully
demonstrate the power of ". the missile.
The face of the plate or target was consid
erably scarred from the pieces of shell
carried forward. Altogether it proved to
the party the absolute practicability of
the patent projectile for the purposes fn
tended.
In the third round a full serTice
cartridge of 840 grammes was used.
The initial velocity attained was cal
culated to be 1950 feet per second.
The amount of dynamite in the charge
was increased to 72.^ grammes. As
before the shell had no f use. The shock
and explosion did not vary much from the
preceding one. The shell struck the tar
get in the upper rieht-hand corner, mid
way between the center and the angle.
The point and shoulder of the shell were
lost in the backway of the target and the
plate was agiin scarred by the pieces car
ried forward.
The fourth round was a repetition of
the preceding one, except thai the shell
charge of frozen dynamite was increased
to 86 grammes. The effects were about
the same, as can be seen where the shell
struck in tne lower right-hand corner.
In the fifth round the projectile failed
10 perform its mission, but exploded just
after leaving the gun. This was due to
the fact that the dynamite had been sub
mitted to the freezing proce=s only about
half tne time of the others.
For the sixth and last round a castiron
shell was used, on account of the larger
shell chamber, allowing a greater charge
Of dynamite. This time 116 grammes were
used in the charge. There was a decidedly
good explosion following the contact witb
the plate and the target was thrown down.
The shell being of castiron, however, was
powerless against the steel plate, and only
a splash marked the spot where it struck,
somewhat more pronounced than if the
shell had been charged with powder.
This concluded the experiments, but
they were of sufficient moment to attract
the attention of military men all over the
country. A prominent army officer in
this city expressed the opinion that the
projectile would play an important part
in f .iture naval and military affairs.
"I watcued the tests witn interest," be
said, "and the satisfactory re ults ob
tained I think would warrant their being
carried out on a much larger scale. I
hope tne United States will be the first to
adopt the invention."
Mr. Bakewell has spent many years in
the study of high explosives. He has
been retained as counsel in some of the
best-known giant powder cases in this
country and in Europe.
2526
IN
CHILDHOODS
REALM
Let us sing:
tong will bring
Hope in bleakest weather.
Wing to wlDg,
While we siug
Jfestle close together.
f""£WUCH a weepy, tearful, bedragcled
■^jS^K February! Not a bit like the
young gallant who made his bow
so graciously to us last year, amid smiling j
tkies and blooming flowers.
But we welcome him. Yes, welcome him
with his soft showers, foi we know long,
dry days oi summer are comini:, and "if
life were always all sunshine l'.fe would
indeed be a. dreary thine."
Literary notices of the leading chil
dren's magazines, periodicals, story-books,
etc., wiJl appear on this pace every Sun
day, beginning with the next issue.
Fe bruary's Stone.
I™^EBRUARY'S choice of a stone is a
\±r~J yei T happy one, for it is the Deauti-
I;V }ul amethyst.
The February born will find
Sincerity and peacJ of mind.
Freedom from pa>sion aua from care
If they the amethyst will wear.
—Selected.
This stone is a variety of quartz or rock
crystal of a tine violet Dlue or purple color.
The fine tints are caused by the presence
of manganese.
If the retl amethyst be subjected to the
influence of fire it will change from yellow
and green to colorless and in this condition
is often sold for the topaz.
Carthapena, Spain, produces the finest
specimens of the amethyst in the world.
The State of Maine in our own country
has a rich treasure-store of tnis beautiful
stone.
The sentiment of tbe primrose, i^ebr v
ary's flower, is "early youth." Its name is
from the Italian and means the first spring
flower.
Of all places in the world, it blooms
sweetest and best in "Merrie England's"
soil, and no flower is so dear to the heart
of the Englishman. Many a gifted son of
this isle has ceJeDrated it in song and
story.
The day which has been dedicated to
Lord B-^aconsneld, in England, April 19,
has come to be called "Primrose Day,*' as
it was the favorite flower of the great
statesman. Hundreds of the blossoms on
that day are used to decorate houses, mar
kets, carriages, horses ana even children.
The followers of Beaconsfield have clubs,
or societies, which they call Primrose
leagues, and have for their emblem a
bunch of the pretty yellow blossoms.
Even on the day when such quantities of
the flowers are plucked, if you should
drive out into the country, you could not
see where one blossom had been picked
from sunny field or blooming hedgerow.
Some writers call the primrose the
"ducklingof the rields," and in some parti
of England mnch superstition hovers
around this humble plant.
One of the most curious of flowers is the
night-blooming primrose. About 6 o'clock
in the eveninc it suddenly bursts open
with a popping sound, and at 6 the next
morning closes again.
When I Wag A Boy.
Children who live in the large cities
know very little about what real country
life is. They go to the public or private
schools, where everything is very com
fortable and convenient. There are so
many of these schools that very few chil
dren have to walk very far to get to any
of them. In the country, however, going
to school in winter is so serious a matter
that in some places during the winter
months the schools are closed.
When I was a boy I bad to walk two
miles to the little scboolbouse where j
first learned to read. There were several
children who lived within a short distance
of each other. We used to meet at the
crossing of two roads and then walk
through the woods together.
In spring the flowers were beginning to
bloom by the wayside, and the birds
would be singing as we passed by. In the
autumn it took us a long time to get
through those woods. 1 think the reason
will be understood when I say that there
were a great many walnut and chestnut
trees to be passed. But I was going to
tell you of something that happened to
me when I was a boy.
There was a severe snowstorm in Febru
ary, which had lasted for several days,
and the schoolbouse had been closed.
When the sun shone and the roads had
been broken, my father drove me and the
neighbors' children to school. One of the
neighbors drove us back again in the
afternoon. Of course we all had our din
ners with us as usual. I remember I
always carried mine in a little basket,
which had a red border. We were all very
much excited as we drove along slowiy.
None of us had ever seen such deep snow.
The path to the schoolhouse door was be
tween two banks of snow higher than our
heads.
At noontime, after we had eaten our
dinners, we all went out to have some
sport. I was a great jumper, and, lam
sorry to say, a great boaster.
I boasted and bragged that I could
jump from a higher place than any of the
other boys. There was a ladder which had
been left leaning against the end of the
schoolhouse. I climbed up the ladder and
said I was going to jump off. Some of the
boys waved their hats at me as I stood
there. Then I took the uimp. Down, down,
down I went into the soft, light snow. I
tried to get up, but only fell back again. I
screamed, but the snow eot into my throat
and choked my voice. I thought I never
could get out.
If I had been left alone I probably never
should have been able to do so. After
what seemed to me a long, long time I
heard a voice shouting: "I'm coming,
Tommy; I'm coming. Don't be fright
ened." It was the schoolmaster. He
pulled me out of the big drift into which
I had fallen and carried me into the
schoolroom. I had really been in the
drift but a few moments when I went
down, down, down out of sieht and did
not come up again. The other boys had
run for the master as fast as they could
go. They all beped take off my coat and
mittens and rubber boots, for I could
hardly move. I was more frightened than
hurt Indeed, I was not huriatall; but
when the master put me in his big chair
in front of the fire I felt strangely tired.
I had nev#>r felt just that way in all my
life. My head dropped over on one side
and in a moment I was fast asleep. I
slept until the neighbors came to drive us
home again.
But that snowdrift did a good thing— it
cured me of my habit of boasting.
Thomas S. Mcxroe.
(In "Our Little Ones and the Nursery.")
The Japanese "Good-Day."
By Mac St. Joh.< Bramhai.l.
A fall to the knees,
A turn to the tees,
A spread of the bands,
And a tip of the note,
It takes all the«e just to say "GcKV-day,"
In chrysanthemum land, so far away
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 7, 1897.
The Narcissus.
The narcissus is the sacred flower of the
Chinese and enters largely into their fes
tivities and religious ceremonies.
The now year holidays of this strange
people have just passed, and hundreds—
or thousands, rather — cf the flowers of
;heir belovt d lily have bloomed during
the last few weeks.
The other day while riding through the
upper end of the quaint Oriental city
whicti lies so near the throbbing heart of
our own great modern one I saw quite a
number of the inhaDitants payly decked
in bolidßy attire going about from one
Mouse to another, bu-ilv engaged in mat
ing New Year's calls, many of them carry
ing great bunches of the fragrant narcis
sus blossoms.
As I sped on my way, soon leaving the
sights and sounds of Chinatown far
behind, my thoughts still lingered about
the little flower; of how it had been the
theme of many a poet's song and of how
the ancient Greeks had woven around its
origin delicate mystic threads, making it
lit subject for touch of poet's pen. Then I
thought perhaps you, too, might better
enjoy the pretty lilies if you knew the
story, and so to-day I give it to you as I
learned it lone ago.
THE MYTHOLOGK AI. LSGKVS OF VASCMSOB.
Very fair and beautiful was the hunter
lad Narciistu. So perfect was lie of face
and lorm that not a day passed without
some lovely wood nymph being lured to
his side, but be cared not in the least for
their smiles, and haughtily repelled all
their advances.
So harsh was his manner to the beaute
ous nymph "Echo," who was madly in
love with him, that she faded away with
grief until naught was left but her voice.
And thus cruelly did he treat all of the
nymphs, who were ready to fall at his
feet, so wonderful was his beauty.
At last, one day a fair maiden, who had
tried in vain to attract and hold his love,
becoming desperate, uttered a prayer that
he mi.'ht some time suffer all tho pangs of
unrequited love.
This prayer was heard and soon an
swered.
In the depths of the beautiful forest
where Narcissus often pursued his favorite
chase there was a crystal stream whose
waters had never been disturbed to quench
the thirst of man or beast. Its banks were
green and moasy, and high rocks sheltered
it from the sun.
One day the cruel youth, tired after a
long hunt, came upon the silvery stream
and flung himself down beside it. As he
bent lorward to drink of its cool waters he
caught sight of his own reflection mir
rored in the clear depths.
Never before had he seen so beautiful a
beine, and thought italoveiy water sprite.
Bacfa eyes, bright as stars! Cheeks so
perfectly rounded and delicately colored !
Throat ivory white and mouth like
Cupid's bow !
The story goes, my dear, that this silly
young man right then and there fell
madly, deeply, passionately in lovo with
his own image.
From that hour no more happiness was
— Bt. Nicholas.
his. He called in vain for the sprite to
come to his longing arms.
When he tried to kiss the ruby lips the
cold, cold water came between.
When tears of despair fell from his eyes
the water was disturoed, and the beauti
ful reflection was blurred or seemed to dis
appear.
All the long, br ght days he spent gaz
ing down into his own eyes; he could not
leave the exquisite image.
But after a time all his beauty and
manly strength vanished ; the woods were
filled with his moans, and when he cried
'"Alas! alas!" the sad words were taken
up, repeated and sent back by the faithful
"Echo," who bovered ever near.
At last he died and the nymphs mourned
and grieved for the lost Narcissus.
When they jratbered by the cool stream
in the heart of the woods to do him honor,
no trace of his presence could they see.
Instead, in the very spot where he had
spent so many hours gazing at his own
reflection, grew a lovely plant, its delicate
blossoms mirrored in the waters below.
All thoughts of their own wasted affec
tions fled from their minds, and as they
inhaled the sweet fragrance of the flower,
with one accord they named it Narcissus
in honor of him whom they had so fondly
loved.
Cutting Off the Curls.
My name is Hal ! I'm awful big!
I'll be a man some day,
And 1 would never own a curl
If I could have my way.
But I hud ouce, a while ago,
A shock of golden curls,
A lot of great long shining ones,
1 looked just like the girls.
And papa said, "Yes. cut them off;
He's awful big. I know."
And mamma said— 'twos hard to hear;
She said it soft and low—
''He won't look like his own sweet self.
Mi little lair-haired boy,
His papa's own sweet darling love,
His p»;t and mother's joy."
Now that is • bahy talk," I know.
1 didu't .vein to hear,
For in my ninmroa'.' eye I saw
A preat big shinlne tear;
But mamma took and cut them off-
Cut every single curl.
And then 1 didn't look co much
As if I were a girl.
Then mamma took me in her arms
And rocked me in the chidr,
And then I tnid, "I'm sorry, ma,
I didn't think you'd care."
And mamma said, and held me close,
"My pet, my little one,"
While on the floor the curls all fell
And shimmered in the sun.
Cornie L. Bartlett.
Stories of Children.
Loncfellow bad a ?ma!i-boy friend, who
often came to see him. One day, alter
carefully examining the long rows of
books in the library, the child said:
"Have you got ' Jack the Giant-killer?"
And the poet was force 1 to admit that his
Horary lacked that interesting volume.
The questioner looked grieved, but said
nothing, and presently slipped down
from Longfellow's knen and trotted off.
Early the next morning the wee boy ap
peared at the poet's door, tightly clasping
in his little hands 2 cents with which bis
friend was to buy a "Jack the Giant-
Killer' for his very own !
When Carlyle was a child he once saved
in a broken teacup .S half-pence, a sum
which may well have teemed a small for
tune in his tbriity Scotch home. One
day. however, an old beggar with an in
jured arm came to the door and the small
Tnomas ■ enerous'.y gave him his whole
hoard. Speakine of the incident later in
life Carlyle usea to say: "The feeling of
happiness was most intenie. I would
give a hundred pounds now to have that
sensation for one moment back again."
Laurence"Hutton, in the reminiscences
of his boyhood, now running ia St.
Nicholas, gives bis earliest attempt at
verse-making, which he says was found
tae other day in an old desk, carefully
preserved b> an aunt:
" Three little kittens of our old cat
Were berrierl thl* day in this grassplat.
They cam*' >o there deth in an old water pale,
And after loosing their breth
I hey were pulled out hy the tale.
These three little kittens have returned to their
maker.
And were put In the grave by the boy under
taker."
Spots and Mortgages.
A few days ago, not more than five
miles from Santa Rosa, a collector called
on a farmer for the payment of a note se
cured hy ruortsaße. The farmer gave no
encouragement that he would ever pay the
note. At last the collector said : "I snail
have to lake the ten cows named in the
mortgage."
"I guess not,'' said the farmer; "you
haven't «ot a mortgage on ten cows on my
farm."
"Why, ini^ed I have." And the col
lector took out a copy of the mortgage and
read as follows:
"One red and white cow, onecow spotted
red and white, one red cow with white
spots, one cow with red spot on hip, one
red cow with white hind foot, one white
cow with red spots on leet, one cow with
white fore feet, one white cow spotted
with led, one red cow with white spot on
shoulder, one red cow with white spots on
hips. Now, how do you like that?*' asked
the collector.
"Oh, that's all right I see you've ten
mortgages on my old red and white cow;
there she is down there; the boys will
help you catch her." E M. B. (C. ft. C).
Violets.
Little purple star of winter,
Bending on thy stem so tender,
Peeping out 'neath glossy leaves,
Brighten thou such days as these.
Would that thou could bloom alway,
And 'mid summer's brightest ray
Lift thy purple face to fair,
Wafting fragrance on the air.
Tiny emblem of true love.
Kissed by dew from heaven above,
Born to breathe thy fragrant 6igh,
Then to wimer, droop and die.
Fronie Abbott.
Everybody Likes Her.
There is a a type of girl that everybody
likes. Nobody can tell exactly why, but
after you have met her you turn away to
some other woman and . c ay, "Don't you
like Miss Grosvenor?" Now the reason
you like her is a subtle one; without
knowing all about her you feel just the
sort of girl sho is.
She is the girl who appreciates the fact
that she cannot always have the first
choice of everything in the world.
She is the girl who is not aggressive and
does not find joy in inciting aggressive
people.
She is the girl who has tact enouch not
to say the very thing that will cause the
skeleton in her friend's closet to rattle his
bones.
She is the girl who, whether it is warm
or cold, clear or stormy, finds no fault
with the weather.
She is the girl who, when you invite her
to any place, compliments you by looking
her best.
She is the girl who makes this world a
pleasant place, because she is so pleasant
her-elf.
Aud, by the by, when you come to
think of it, isn't she the girl who makes
you feel she likes you and, therefore, you
like her?— Selected.
Santa Cruz, Cal.
Ptar F.ditcr: I read the poems in The Call,
and I thought I would join the C. R. C, and
tins is my poem:
In a town there dwells a mule.
Who takes the children all to school;
When be brayb with ?o cc so shrill
The neighbors would like to give htm a pill.
When the clock strikes five or six
Ue brays and brays and then be kicica.
Wben any oi.e passes ihis dor.key by
He winks, but winks the other eye.
Good-by. Martin O'Neil.
TO MY
CHRYSANTHEMUM
Beautiful chrysanthemum !
You my heart have won
As you proudly turn your face
Toward the shining sun.
When the days are damp and cold
And olher flowers have fled,
Then you bloom like "cloth of gold,"
And nod your graceful head.
When the days of autumn come
And fruits are gathered in;
When hay i? stacked for winter use
And corn is in the bin ;
When the roses and the buttercups
Have vanished like a dream,
Then your many loved companions
With glorious blossoms team.
Ah ! 'tis cheering and delightful
'Mid winter's gloom to see
A beautiful chrysanthemum
Blossoming for me.
It fills my heart with gladness
To view your colors gay,
And I wish that you might reign
Forever and a day.
R. MAUD MALLORY (C. R. C).
(A little girl.)
Said a lawyer to a countryman one day,
"If you promise to give me a guinea I
shall teach you so to plead as to be al
ways successful with your case."
"I promise you," replied the country
man.
"Well, then," said the lawyer, "always
deny, and you'll come off victorious; so
down with my fee, as you promised."
To which the countryman retorted :
"I deny that I ever promised you a fee."
Spare Moments.
THE LETTER
BOX
King City, Cal.. Jan. 25, 1897.
Dear Editor: This is my first letter to The
Call, and I am 11 years old and go to the King
City school. I have a dog named Fido and a
cat named Tommy. My papa has taken The
Call for about a year and a hall and I enjoy
reading the children's page every Sunday. As
my letter i« growing lone I will close, hoping
that it will miss the wastebaaket and appear
in print. I remain your new reader,
J. ALLAN WENTWORTH.
Talmagk, Cal.. Feb. 3, 1897.
Dear Editor: I have never seen any letters
from here, so. I am going to write to you. I
live one mile from the Mendocino Asylum and
THE GAY YOUNG DECEIVERS.
go to the Mill Creek School, just across the
street from the asylum. My teacher's name is
Mr. Patton. Igo fishing almost every day and
catch speckled trout. I also have a 22 target
rifle and kill birds. My mamma takes The
Daily Call. I hope this letter will be pub
lished, as it is my first, lam sure I could tell
you lots of interesting things about my life
here, and I hope to do so in the future. I re
main your little friend, Freddie Hillman,
aged 10 years.
Cornwall, Cal., Jan. 27. 1897.
Dear Editor: I suppose you think that I have
given up writing to The Call as I hare not
written for a long time. Well, if you ao you
are very much mistaken. I have had a terri
ble attack of the grip and I am just getting
over it, so that is the reason I did not write. I
have solved some of the puzzles and will send
sorae to be solved. It has started to rain up
here to-day, and I don't like that at aIL Your
little friend, Ethel Wilds, C. R. C.
San Francisco, Cal., Jan. 28, 1897.
Dear Editor: lam 10 years old and in the
fourth trade. My teacher's name is Miss H.
; Martin, and she is very kind. This is my first
letter to The Call. My grandma has been
taking The Call for a long time and likes it
very well. I live in Portland, but came down
to San Francisco to make a visit. I go to the
Pacific Heights School and enjoy it. I snould
like to join the U R. C. and send a piece of ray
poetry, out I am afraid you might not think
it worth publishing. Now I think I shall
close, as my letter is getting too long. I re
main your new friend,
Eloise Brinkerhoff.
Heai.dsburg, Cal., Feb. 1, 1897.
Dear Editor: This is my first letter to The
Call. Papa has taken The Daily Call for
j about a year and I enjoy reading Childhood's
Reaim of the Sunday issue. I have two sisters
and one brother. I have only one pet and
that is a horse. I am 10 years old and in the
fourth grade. My teacher's name is Miss
Thomas, and I like her very much. Papa is
the proprietor of the Healdsburg Ice Works.
Ariel Will.
Pan Francisco, Feb. 1, 1897.
Dear Mr. Editor: I am a little boy 10 years
j old to-day. My pa has taken The Call for
j twenty years, and still takes it. I enjoy read
j ing Childhood's Realm very much. I had a
i cat named Budd, but he died; now I have an
j other cat bigger than Budd; we call him Scrub.
He comes into bed with me every morning.
We have just moved to Buchanan street and I
go to school every day. I thick I have guessed
the answers to the puzzles whicb I inclose.
Houing to see this in The Call I remain your
little friend, Charlie a. Gocld.
King City. Cal., Jan. 27, 1897.
Dear Editor: I will be 10 years old in March,
and as I saw letters in your paper from other
little girls of my ajte and younger, I thought I
would write too. I have no pets but a doll,
but mamma and I live with a lady who has
twin girl babies. I ride six miles to King City
to school. My teacher's name is Miss Kent.
Hoping to see this letter in the next Sunday '6
Call from a new writer.
Gertrude Sturzenegger
Cloverdale, Cal., January 30.
Dear Editor: This is my first letter "to The
Call. 1 am ten years old, and in the third
grade. Iro to school. My teacher's name is
Miss stock tell. I have not seen any letters
from Cloverdale, so lam writing one. It is
raining to-day, and the ground gets very
muddy, und my shoes get very dirty on the
| way to school. There are seven children in
| onr family, two girls and five boys. lam the
oldest. I would like to be a member of the C.
R. C. very much. Your new reader,
Oliver Raftery.
San Francisco. January 28.
Dear Editor: I thought I would write you a
letter. lam now eight years o'.d. Igo to the
Garfield School. My teacher's name is Miss
Nellie McLane. I am learning my tables. I
am living with my uncle. He teaches me every
nißht. He takes The Morning Call. I read
the children's letters every Sunday. Yours,
Nellie O'Connor,
Perm Grove, January 28.
Dear Editor: I have not written to you Tor
quite a while. I have thought ot a puzzle I
will send you. I would like to have Retha
Waldau write about the snow scenes where
she lives. It snowed down here last winter,
but melted as soon as it fell. I was very sorry.
We have six quail which were caught in a
trap. Your friend, Carrie Mills.
Pescadero, Cal., January 25, 1897.
Dear Editor: This is my second letter to The
Call. I was 11 years old New Year ' 3 day. My
papa has taken this paper five years, and we
would not exchange it for any other daily
paper. Igo to the Pescadero school, «nd am
in the sixth grade. We are having vacation
time now, but school will commence two
weeks from to-day. My pets are two hound
puppies named Ranger and Lily, a mastiff dog
j named Bounce und three cats who c names
I are Topsy, Buttercup and Poppy. Your Inter
ested iriena, A. Marguerite Weeks.
Rekdley, Cal., January 21, 1897.
Dear Editor: I have not written to you lor a
longtime, and I'm ashamed of it, too. I've
not been sick, but have kept putting off writ
ing, until Eva Na-vone spoke of me in her letter
to you, and so 1 determined to write im
mediately.
My grandpa and grandma from Oregon, who
have been visiting us for the past year, stated
home yesterday. My auntie, who has been
visiting in the East for the past few montns,
and who arrived here to assist grandpa and
grandma home, thinks California the prettiest
place she has ever seen.
I enjoyed the Christmas and New Year hoii
days very much, and received ■ number of flne|
presents. If it is not too late, I wish all mj
little friends (readers of Childhood's Realm) s
happy New Year.
Well, Eva Navone, I was glad to see you
letier in The Call, an i pleased to know that
you still think of me. My letter is getting
long, so I shall close. Ever your friend,
R. Maud Mallort.
NeW puzzles.
I. Hidden names of birds.
(a) The crowd was so great that many per
sons were seriously injured.
(b) Thomas wants a pair of new boots, and
Mary a frock.
(c) The bear will growl if you tease him so.
Lillie McKee (C. R. C).
11. My 1 Is In many, not in few,
My 2 is in you, but not in who,
My 3 is in sell, bnt not in buy,
My 4 is In rice, but not in rye,
My 5 is in ceilinc, not in wall,
And my whole I'm sure is loved by all.
Jessie Harkins (C. R. C).
111. (a) When was beef the highest T
(b) When is a boat like a pile of snow ?
(c) Why is the letter "a" like 12 o'clock T
(d) What is that which has neither flesh nor
blood, yet has four fingers and a thumb ?
£mma Eggeks (C. R. C).
IV. (a) What Is that which runs, yet has ;a
legs? tTj^M itTsvi,
(b) If you throw a stone into the Red S*»
what will it become ? J. T f
Fred Anthes (C. R. C.;.
V. (a) Take "relations from "falling" and
leave "melodious sounds." .
(b) Take a "respectful address" from "wished
for" and leave "an act"
Alice Bell (C. R. C).
VI. Hour-glass puzzle.
*•*X * " *
••x • •
• X •
X
• X •
•'• x • •
•••x • • •
The centrals represented by the x's spell a
period of time. Crosswords— l, one of the
largest cities in the United States; 2, comei
together; 3, to destroy; 4, the letter "T"; 5,
to sever 6, to rub and clean; 7, sportive.
Ethel McClttre (C. R. C).
VII. Behead a gardening tool and have s
hut. Ida Wightmav, (C. R. C).
VIII. Behead to imbibe and have a ball for
skating; again, and have a fluid.
' Paul Peterb (C. R. C).
IX. (a) Whole, I am used by horsemen: be
head me and I'm part of the body.
(b) Whole, I am what boys like to do; behead
me and I'm part of a tree.
(c) Whole, I am part of a tree; behead ma
and I'm a kind of ship.
(d) Whole, I am to mount; behead me and
I'm used by boatmen.
Lena Woodson (C. R, C).
X. (a) When is St Valentine's day ?
(b) Why is the 22d of February a National
holiday? \
♦
Answers for January 31.
I. (a) M— ada— m
(6) s — cent— s
(c) s— lot— s
IL CHEW
HOBO
EBON
WONT
111. Stray— tray— ray— ay.
IV. Slate— late— ate.
V. (a) Chair— hair— air. i
(b) Shoe— hoe. "^1
VI. Butter— Butte.
VII. Owl— kite— pelican.
VIII. (a) MaxSelig. (6) Alice Belt
IX. Roger Williams arrived in America Feb
ruary 5, 1631. He was a teacher 01 liberty of
conscience.
X. Abraham Lincoln was born February 12,
1809.
y\nsWers JReceivted.
Answers to puzzles of January 31 have been
received from the following members of C. R.
C. : Alice Bell, Eva M. Bulger, Fred Anthes,
William Sea Jr., Alma Sea, Lucy Moeller, EUa
R. Hartnell and Rctha Waldac.
For January 24: From Ethel Wilds, Nona
Herbert and Ida Wigntman.
Answers from non-members for January
24— Lorenza Mingua and Carrie Gonsalves.
For January 31— Charles A. Gould, Ariel G.
Will, Emma Eggeis, Hattie Sampson, P. and C.
de Ferri and L. M. Shattuck.
Suggestions for a motto and badge for C. R.
C. : "United We Stand.' For a badge some
thing more substantial than ribbon.
Alice Bell(C. R. C).
"Never Give Up, but Stay and Win."
F. Anthes (C. R. c.).
"Try to Succeed. "fl-etters CRC printed in
goia on ribbon. Lucy Moeller (C. R. c.).
"Help One Another," or "Room at the Top."
Bad?e, a little ladder of four steps, or a pansy
for thoughts. May Beckham (C. H. C).
'Onward and Upward." C. Gonsalvks.
Letters Acknowledged.
Besides letters published, interesting ccia
munications have also been received from *>8
following: Carrie Gonsalves, Hattie Samps >".
Ar el G. Will, Lulu Shattuck, Patritia aud
Carmelita de Ferri, Florence Krause, Reilia
Waldan (C. R. C), Alice Bell (C. R. C). May
Peckham (C R C), Edith Stukes, Ruth Sadler,
Juliet Scott, Leonore Peers, Mamie Kellog?,
Margaret L. Watt, an unsigned letter. Liw.e
Wienke, Josie Shanahan, Mildred Eddy, Dei la
Kline, Myrtle Van Loon, Ira Pennington and
Katie Meade.Power for California From the Furnaces of Nature
Story of the Gor\ceptior\ and Execution of the J^ost Colossal Engineering Scheme
of Modern Times— Utilizing the Heat Imprisoned in the NoW
Dormant Volcanic PocUs of Our Western Goast
ajJSLHE present age is one of eigantic en
sl*V ter rises Measures which a faw
jItQ years ago would have challenged and
received the contumely of the incredulous
to-day are generally investigated before
the seal of approval is affixed. The "im
possible" is stricken from the lexicon and
•only the "improbable" remains with verj
uncertain tenure. The needs of the world
. have stimulated genius into the produc
• tion of results which .hail they occurred n
hundred years ago would have condemned
their creators to (he fate of the witch. We
are no longer surprised at what happens.
The capital stock of a telephone line to
■the moon could be successfully floated in
.any city were it positively known that
"there was somebody at the distant end of
the line to answer to our "hello."
The great need of most of our large
cities arises from their desire to be
manufacturing centers; and this is unat
tainable witi; the presence of "power"
with which to revolve the wheels of ma
chinery. Where there is the fortunate
contiguity of abundant and cheap coal
supply the growth of the manfacturing in
dustries depends only upon the business
j>asacity of the citizens; but where coal is
distant and its procurement costly and
't^.cerUin the city aspiring to manufac
ficrri is sadly handicapped.
A Thus there is ever presented to the ge-
Aius of the times the solution in practical
shape of the problem of "power produc
tion" in such places. To this end natural
. gas fields have been piped to distant cen
ters of application. The enormous force
of falling water pouring over Niagara's
cataract has been harnessed to drive the
mechanism in factories, propel the cars
and- light the streets in towns and cities
very many miles from the source of power.
The stupendous character of the opera
■ tions no longer deters man in his approach
' to the consummation of his desires. What
. in the eighteenth century was considered
.beyond his grasp is to-day in his posses
sion, his willing slave, performing for him
' the labor which by its fruits xuakes fuller
. and more enjoyable the lives of the many.
California has not the immense torrent
•jof Niagara, nor nas she, as far as known,
the immense reservoirs of hydrogen gases
'which have made famous and valuable
the northern regions of New York and
Pennsylvania, but she possesses a source
of power beside which the water and the
gases of the Eastern natural power-fields
sink into pigmy insignificance.
• 'From the northernmost point of North
America to the extreme end of South
America there extends a continuous range
.of mountains situated close to the western
iige of the continents. This entire range
is volcanic. Along this line, which em
■ braces the Coast Range of California, may
be found thousands of moribund craters
• and volcanic vents, their salient outlines
. mostly hidden by the accumulated debris
and soils formed by the operations of
moisture and temperature during long
years. The entire country bordering the
Pacific is composed of igneous rocks,
• basalts and lavas, erupted in the past from
Aue interior of the earth in molten con-
Idition. Professor Whitney, State geolo
\z\tt, n his magnificent report on "The
V jiogy of California," speaKir.g of the
hot springs, the borax deposits and the
formations of the coast regions, says:
*'There will be no difficulty in under
standing the origin of these phenomena
• when we consider that they are displayed
along a line of former intense volcanic
activity and where now the igneous forces
are not entirely dormant. Even on Mount
Shasta the last expiring efforts of this
once mighty volcano may be traced in the
ejection of sulphurous vapors and steam
still going on near the summit." (Report
of 1565, page 95 et seq.)
Temperature increases as we penetrate
into the interior of the earth. It is not
germane to the purpose of this article,
which simply aims to record the concep
tion and execution of the most colossal
"engineering scheme ever undertaken, to
discuss the causes leading to such increase
of temperature; it i* sufficient to say that
it is a fact. In the mines of the grest
"Comstock lode the rate of increase of tem
perature has been estimated to be one de
gree of Fahrenheit for every forty-five feet
of descent until a depth of 20C0 feet is
reached; and below that, as much as one
degree for every twenty-nve feet of addi
tional depth below tne surface. Assum
ing that this regular increase of tempera
ture continues, a simple calculation proves
to us that at a depth of say 7000 or 8000
feet a temperature of 212 degrees Fahren
heit will be found, one sufficient to boil
water at the earth's surface; and at a
depth of about twenty miles the tempera
ture will be high enough to melt cast
iron. In other parts of the world this in
crease of temperature, as the earth's crust
5s penetrated, is found to obtain, though
with less rapid increase than is marked on
the western coast of America. 8o well es
tablished Is this fact that it has been seri-
Jpsly proposed by European scientists and
practical engineers to make very deep
oorings in order that supplies of warm
THE NEW STEEL SHIELD THAT GIRDLES THE HULL, ARRESTING TORPEDOES AND
SAVING THE SHIP.
water may be obtained for heating pur
poses. Arrago and Wolferdin. two emi
nent physicists, suggested this method for
the j urpose of warming the Jardin acs
Flumes in Paris.
The lack at that time of proper mechani
cal appliances deterred the enterprise.
! Now that such important improvements
have been made in carrying borings to
enormous depths tha time is at hand when
we may draw upon the supply of subter
ranean heat. The city of Budapest is
now extensively supplied with hot water
from underground sources.
It must be known that this rule of in
creased temperature applies to the earth's
crust considered as a level coinciding
with the surface of the sea. In the vol
cano the subterranean heat is projected
far above the line of sea level. To reach a
region of desired high temperatur* In a
volcanic region it is not necessary to bore
deeply into the bowels of the earth. A
horizontal shaft piercing the vent of the
volcano above sea level will reach the in
candescent material in a more direct an.l
shorter route than a vertical one. Recog
nizing the great need of a.loquate heat —
for, after all, heat is the basis of mechani
cal power, whether it be in the shape of
coal, gas or even water force, it H simply
the determination of how many units of a
"mode of motion " that are obtainable
that solves the problem of all manufac
turing industries— recognizing this prime
fact, the scheme has b«en bad under con
sideration for along time by prominent
promoters of industrial enterprises of
utilizing, if possible, the heat imprisoned
in the now dormant volcanic rocks of our
Western coast. For if it can be made
available the greatness of Ibe Pacific CoaM
is assured. The market for whatever
manufactured products she may create is
and has been waiting, and it is an im
mense market and a growing one.
To this end, quietly, but systematically,
investigations have been going on by
thoroughly competent men of well-known
engineering and scientific ability, who
have just concluded their labors and made
their report, which ie now in the hands of
the executive committee of a syndicate
formed of Eastern and English capitalists,
fully able to deal promptly and compe
tently with any undertaking involving
the expenditure of hundreds of millions.
The report states that at numerous
places along the line of volcanic fracture
and upheaval, known as the "Coast
Range," a temperature of lrom 200 to 300
degrees (Fahrenheit) may be reached by
means of a horizontal tunnel or drift con
structed above sea level ; the elevation of
the cutting or boring above sea level vary
ing with the locality. As, for instance,
the temperature mentioned may be found
at the termination of a boring projected
into the side of Mount Shasta at an eleva
tion of 8000 feet, while the same tempera
ture would have to be sought for at lower
levels elsewhere. It is not meant by this
that molten material or even incan
descence would be found in such cases, but
that the boring would reach an interior
region having the temperature men
tioned.
For reasons that will be well understood
these borings will be conducted at levels
uot greatly elevated above sea level. Id
the case of a huge mountain, as Mount
Shasta, the outlet of the fiery material at
the time of its ejection was through a
central dike or funnel, the enormous
amount of matter ejected having in time
largely formed the mass of the aides of
the mountain. To attempt to reach the
hot interior funnel would, therefore, en
tail the necessity of an extremely long
tunnel. The object to be attained — the
presence of heat — may be had by means
of much shorter tunnels projected into
lower volcanic formations having thinner
walls. This latter condition is the one
recommended by the report.
The report is accompanied with elabo
rate geological and physical maps of the
regions Inspected, and also by numerous
drawings showing in sectional elevation
the various localities which are available
to the purposes.
The practical application of the scheme
comprehends the cutting of tunnels ol
working dimensions into tbe Hides of cer
tain mountains in the Coast Range; the
tunnels will vary from one to three miles
in length, or until the temperature sought
for is reached. In the tunnels will be
placed a system of pipes leading from the
mouth of tbe cutting to its interior end.
In the furthest end of tbe tunnel will be
placed what mfght be termed boilers; only
they will contain no water, simply air.
These boilers will be made of cast iron, of
peculiar construction, so that any num
ber of them may be connected together, to
form one "battery." A portion of the
pipes leading to the "boilerß" will carry
cold air, and another portion convey the
heated air from the "boilers" to the en
gines. Within the tunnels, removed at
suitable distance from the hot end, will be
placed hot-air engine*, using tbe ex
| pauded hot air in much tbe same manner
as if it were steam. Air is the most elastic
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 7, 1897.
material in nature.^ It expands to enor
mous volume under the application of
heat, and contracts with cold. The object
of locating the engines close to the "boil
ers" is to mnke the greatest possible use of
the power of the expanded air. The en
gines will be used to create'electricity and
also compressed air, which will be trans
mitted to desirel points.
1 have briefly outlined the salient points
of this gigantic scheme, which to many
may sound as if bodily taken from the
romancing of Jules Verne, but it is in fact
a genuine project, planned by shrewd, far
seeing men, investigated and approved by
known practical physicists and engineers,
and backed by very largo and cautious
capital. Certain details have yet to be
arranged before the matter can be made
public in the sense of incorporating and
exploitation. A scheme of such colossal
proportions and involving the investment
of millions of capital calls for careful
cons deration of every feature. Legal
advice is absolutely necessary to provide
against future annoyance in the determin
ation of property rijcuts, and it has been
determined by the syndicate to obtain
from the Legislature of the State proper
authority to carry into execution the great
plan. It i- understood that a bill, now
prepared, will be introduced at the present
session of the Legislature, conferring upon
the syndicate the necessary rights and
authority. Wnen this is done, the pre
liminary borings will be begun. The value
THE NEW AND INSTRUCTIVE FAD THAT SOCIETY HAS ADOPTED.
of the enterprise expressed in dollars is
not to be fixed at this day. It is estimated
that the power thus to be derived is a
million times greater than is that de
veloped by all of the water falling over the
cataract of Niagara, and will continue to
be available long after that famed water
fall shall have drained the shallow pool
forming the Great Lakes.
F. M. Close, D.Fc.
Is Gibraltar Useless ?
An article of exceptional interest — evi
dently written by a Spanish military of
ficer — appears In the current number of
the "Memorial de Artilleria," showing
that the extended range of modern artil
lery has completely revolutionized the
conditions which have hitherto enabled
Gibraltar to protect its own arsenal and
dockyard and to afford safety for vessels
at anchor under the guns of the fortress.
When Gibraltar was taken by the Eng
lish Is 1704 the greatest range for artillery
lire was onJy about 3000 yards, so that a
fleet under the batteries of Gibraltar was
secure against attack from the Spanish
coast.
It is now pointed out that with a com
paratively small expenditure of money by
the Spanish Government batteries con
structed in (he bay of Al<;eciras, upon the
ri.life of mountains known as the Queen
of Spain's Chair, woulrt actually command
Gibraltar at a distance of 1)000 yards and
would De capableof demolishing the whole
length of the fortifications from the Gal
leries to Europa Point. These Spanish
batteries would also threaten the entry of
ships oi war to Moles. This plan would
merely involve the mounting of some
forty heavy guns of from 4.7-inch to
12-inch caliber and a similar number of
howitzers.
At the present moment the strategical
points on this part of the Spanish coast
are entirely unfortified, and with Spain's
present embarrassments in Cuba and the
Philippines it is not likely, as the "Broad
Arrow" points out, that the Madrid Gov
ernment will take immediate action in
tbe matter. But that these batteries may
be constructed some day or other is far
from improbable, and in view of the great
importance to England of Gibraltar as a
naval base, and the renewed expenditure
New Fad for Society
peading Character ir\ the Eye — The Droop
of the bid or Slope of the BroW Are
Unfailing Indications of One's
Peculiar Jraits
PJJSIHE latest society fad which promises
vl vlo ecli se palmistry, thought-read
**j^ inir, pln-rinding and all other im
aginations of the heart and the intellect
that have found work for idle brains to do
is that of character-reading by the eyes.
The fact that tho eye is "the window of the
soul" woc.ld make it seem probable that
by its light we may distinguish the Inner
mind and possibly make a guesß at the
interior decoration of tiie palace of
thought.
Like other windows, especially those of
cathedrals, the eye is of various colors
and consequently the views obtained
through it are tinged by Its hues. A blue
eye shows the mind in a different light
from that given by a black, hazel or brown
one. and a part, ol the opticist's art is to
differentiate and to decide on the meaning
of ibe various tints obtained through this
medium.
According to L.avater and others who
have made a study of physiognomy the
color of the eye is the key to the character.
A hazel-eyed woman, we are tola, never
elopes from her husband, never chats
scandal, prefers his comfort to her own,
never talks too much or too little, always
is an intellectual, agreeable and lovely
creature.
The gray is the sign of shrewdness and
talent. Great thinkers and captains have
it. In women it indicates a better head
than heart Gray eyes are of many varie
ties. There are the sharp, the shrewish,
the spiteful, the cold and the wild gray
eye, but the fact remains that the gray
represents the head.
There la one variety of gray eye of
which every lover should beware, the soft
eye with a large pupil that contracts and
dilates with a word, a thought or a flash
ot-leeling. An eye that laughs, that sighs
almost, that has its sunshine, its twilight,
its moonbeams and its storms. A wonder
ful eye that wins you whether you will or
not, and holds you after it has cast you
upon its combined arsenal and dockyard,
the subject is beginning to attract the
serious attention of naval and military
authorities. — New York Herald.
Bees, according to a statistician, must,
in order to collect a pound of clover
honey, deprive 62,000 clover blossoms of
their nectar. To do this, the 62,000 flowers
must be visited by an aggregate of
3,750,000 bees; or, in other words, to col
lect hi 3 pound of honey one bee must
make 3,750,000 trips from and to the hive.
As bees are known to fly for miles in quest
of suitable fields of operation, it is clear
that a single ounce of honey represents
millions of miles of travel.
off, no matter whether the face be fair or
not. No matter if features are irregular
and complexion varying, the eye holds
you cajtve and then laughs at your
very chains.
Black eyes of course are typical of fire,
heroism and firmness, and have a spice of
diabolism in tbeir rays that has a potent
attraction in women's hearts. And green
eyes; it is said of them that they betoken
courage, pride and energy.
A prominent or full eye indicates great
command of laneua.e and ready and uni
versal observation. Deep-seated eyes, on
the contrary, receive more accurate, defi
nite and deeper impressions. Round-eyed
persons see much. They live much in the
senses, but think less. Narrow-eyed per
sons see less, but think more and feel
more intensely.
Width of the lower eyelid is believed to
indicate a disposition to extenuate and to
justify one's self, to defend conduct by
giving cool reasons for It, When this
lower lid curves downward and shows the
white below the pupil, then, oh then,
pause and Hesitate to trust your welfare to
the owner of that eye. If opticists are
right it is an indication of profound, cal
culating selfishness. John D. Rockefeller
has such an eye in a recent cartoon. Per
haps this proves the truth of the assertion.
Eyebrows may be thick or thin, fine or
coarse, smooth or busby, arched or
straight, regular or irregular, and each
iorra and quality has its special signifi
cance in reference to temperament and
character.
Thick, strong eyebrows generally betray
a fall development of temperament. When
also coarse, bushy and irregular we may
expect harshness of character. Thin,
fine, delicate eyebrows are indicative of a
fine-grained organization and an active, if
not predominant, temperament.
The art of the opticist needs no studio
nor cabinet in which to practice. The
eyes can be examined in public as well as
in private.
To Arrest Torpedoes
ft Huge Steel SKield Extending From BoW
to Stern and From j(eel to Water
Line, Is the First Effective De
fense for Battle-Ships
§ONDON, Feb. 6.— A vast amount of
attention has been attracted recently
in admiralty circles to a new device
for the protection of big battle-ships
below the water line.
The new mode of hull defense is the
idea of Dr. Herbert Jones, a naval con
structor of note, and is designed to act as
a torpedo-guard for the vessel below the
surface of the sea. It has met with such
universal favor among naval architects
and marine engineers that the Govern
ment of Great Britain is seriously con
sidering its adoption.
The plan of Dr. Jones is simply to place
a huge steel shield along the hull of the
battle-ship on both sides. It will consist
of a number of large plates in juxtaposi
tion, extending from stem to stern, and
from the keel to a point just above the
water line. The plates must fit exactly to
the model of the hull so as not to retard
the speed of the vessel when there is no
occasion to use them.
Even those who are unfamiliar with
naval construction must know that the
most vulnerable part of a ship is that of
Vier hull below the water line. There are
located the very vitals of the marine
monster — the boilers, engines, magazines
and furnaces. On each of these the life,
power and movement of the vessel de
pends. One shot, or even 100, or even
1000 shots might pass through the upper
parts of a battle-ship without destroying
or even seriously disabling her, but let
one torpedo pierce the comparatively thin
body in the weak spot under the water
and the chan ;es are a thousand to one
against her remaining afloat long after
that.
The millions of pounds sterling expended
by the great powers of the world on the
offensive and defensive merits of guns ver
sus armor has brought them no nearer to
a solution as to the superiority in the one
c ise or the other than they were thirty
years ago, and for many years past the idea
oi one ship destroying another by stand
ing off and exchanging shots from a dis
tance nas been recognized as an absolute
impossibility.
Lord Armstrong on this point has well
stated that these stupendous warships
"cannot be made invulnerable," and that
their cost is so enormous that no country
can have a numerous navy of such ves
sels.
While the great naval powers are busily
engaged in bringing submarine warfare to
a perfect system of attack by means of div
ing torpedo-boats British naval authori
ties agree that England has apparently
neglected the means of resisting marine
uttack. There are, for instance, torpedo
boats, torpedo - boat catchers and tor
pedo-boat destroyers, and it is an admitted
fact that the so-called catchers are In
ferior in speed to the boats they are sup
posed to catch ; and as to the destroyers,
their special destructive powers ara not
very apparent.
In a fair aboveboard sea flcght between
the types mentioned and first and second
class battle-ships it is a question with na
val experts which would destroy or be de
stroyed. The greatest dancer to battle-ships
would be at night when the destroyers,
owing to their speed and handiness
might get a torpedo in contact with the
enemy's side, when the battle-ship, devoid
of under-water protection, would inevita
bly be destroyed. Hence, declares a lead*
ing naval officer, "the term destroyer in
its fullest and truest sense is only applica
ble to the modern diving torpedo-boat.
As sure as one of these submarine ship-de
stroyers, in a state of suspension at a reg
lated depth below the surface of the
water, is navigated to within striking dis
tance of a 15,000-ton battle-ship bo surely
will the ponderous battle-ship be destroyed
immediately on being struck by a missile
aimed by her unseen submarine foe.
There is no give and take about this what
ever, as the submarine torpedo-boat when
deeply immersed is out of reach of its op
ponent, while at the same time it strises
at the most vital and unprotected part of
| tne nuil of the monster floating above it."
It is upon this very point that the ma
rine architects and engineers of the world
have been puzzling their brains for years.
That is, they have taxed their inventive
powers to the utmost to devise a form of
protection against the scientific advance of
submarine warfare. The only contrivance
now in use to protect the lower portion of
a ship's hull from torpedo attacs is a huge
netting of wire slung from booms on the
side of the ship and supposed to pene
trate far enough beneath the surface of
the water to furnish protection for the
entire bottom. This apparatus affords
protection to some extent when the vessel
has hove to, but when she lias speed on
the net is sure to drag astern and expose
a large surface of ttie hull. Then again
torpedoes have been invented for the very
purpose of cutting through the netting
when it is found as an obstacle.
With Dr. Jones' new device, the torpedo
could not reach the hall proper bat would
explode itself against the preventive hull,
as the guard might be termed. That of
course would be demolished, but the hull
itself would be saved from destruction.
As previously stated, the shield must fit
snugly to the hull. The shield consists of
a number of wide piates placed side by
side and hung by hinges on a long rod
running the length of the ship, just above
the water line, and extending to the keel.
Above each plate is a davit securely at
tached to the ship's side. A tackle is
suspended from each davit, and the lower
block hooks into a ring bolt in the lower
end of the plate. The falls run into the
hull and connect with a windlass, so that
the guard can be hoisted out by steam.
When placed in position for defense it
must be hauled outboard about twenty
feet from the hull. Thus, besides the re
sistance of the shield, a huge cushion of
water which has been formed aids in the
protection of the ship.
Captain 8. Eardley Wilmot, K. N M lat«
chief torpedo expert of the Admiralty, in
his report has the following to say on the
subject:
"The development of the 'Whitehead 1
torpedo, with which now nearly ail na
tions are supplied, renders the question
of protecting ships against this attack one
of the gravest consideration.
"The torpedo of to-day travels at the
rate of 30 knots an hoar and carries 200
pounds of explosive compound directed
against the most vulnerable part of a ship,
that of her hull under water.
"We hare been enabled by the addition
of large masses of armor to fairly pro
tect the water line and above it against
the effects of artillery fire, bat cannot ex
tend this to the submerged portion of her
hull as a defense against torpedo attacks.
We have therefore been obliged to restrict
oar endeavors as far as structural ar
rangements are concerned to give ships of
war a double bottom, and subdividing
them internally into a number of water
tight compartments, thus seeking to
diminish the effects of an explosion and
restrict the inflow of water at that point.
"As, however, these arrangements could
only give very partial protection at a
time when torpedoes carried a compara
tively small charge, it was considered de
sirable to stop them before they could
reach the ship and for this purpose the
present system of net defense was de
vised.
"This consists of wire nettine suspended
vertically from steel or wooden booms at
tached to the hull of the ship, from which
they project from 25 to 35 feet. The nets
hang down to a depth of 20 feet and ara
connected together in sections so as to
then form a continuous crinoline of net-
ting.
"But should the ship move through the
water, the nets are more or less impelled
toward the surface according to the speed
of the ship. For these reasons naval offi
cers do not consider that nets can be used*
at sea.
"Thus It is evident that if external pro*
tection is to be relied upon it must be in a
different form, ana Dr. Jones has devised
a torpedo-guard which is not only novel,
but free from most of the objections in
herent to the net defense. His plan is to
have steel shields made to the form of ths
ship and ordinarily resting against the
hull. They are, however, capable of being
projected outward when required to a dis
tance of twenty fast from the hull, and
this cushion of water, together with the
resistance offered by the steel plating,
should secure a ship from material injury
in the event of a torpedo exploding
against the guard. It is obvious that the
plate could not be cut through like a net,
nor would it be forced out ot position by a
current or the ship's moving through the
water.
"An advantage of this system is that all
the appliances for working this protection
are above the water line and always in
position, thus enabling the protection to
be pat in position at the shortest notice,
while it overcomes the difficulty attached
to supporting steel booms or rams if pro
jected to a distance of twenty or thirty
feet.
"Thi3 plan now proposed by Dr. Jonei
is, in my opinion, the best which lias been
put forward for guarding against the terri
ble effects of locomotive torpedo attack,
and looking to the grave issues involved I
consider that expenditure would be wisely
incurred in giving it a trial."
Many others have signified their ap
proval of Dr. Jones' torpedo defense for
protecting costly warships and the lives of
gallant seamen from the appalling dan
gers of torpedo attack, among whom are
the highest expert authorities of the
United Kingdom. In the front rank of
these is £. J. Reed, X.C.8., weli known
as having designed and constructed war
ships for all the naval powers of the world.
The accompanying illustration shows
one of Dr. Jones' modes of protection
against torpedo attack. It gives a fore
shortened view taken off the port bow and
represents the vessel with the improved
torpedo guard expanded to its protective
position while the dreaded missile ex
plodes against it.
Art
Said Life to Art: "I love thee best
Not when I find in thee
My very face and form expressed
With dull fidelity;
"But when in thee my craving eyes
Behold continually
The mystery of my memories
And all I long to be."
Charles G. D. Roberts, in Century.
Germany possesses 24,843 miles of rail
ways; France, 21,396; Great Britain and*
Ireland, 19,811; Russia, 17,823; and Aus
tria, 15.442.
2728
AT
THE
THEATRES
Sertha Foltz as Daisvj at the Alcazar.
lf<t«f^HEN the history of contempo-
Jl At ■'-' rnry tlram " comes to be writ
lM/Mj^ ten San Francisco will be
pomlly set down .-is the town that
Ilelene Modjeska Loved b«\M. It was San
Francisco tbnt first recognised her talent,
and when, after nearly twenty years of
triumphs, the great no tress; enfeebled by
a long and wearing illness, wants to try
her pinions again, it is to San Francisco
that she conies as to an old friend. And
what an ovation awaited her! They say
the American public is fickle and loves
favorites, but did the reception on Mod
jeskft's opening night — the reception that
made her shed tears— look like fickleness?
The actress was feeble and worn and
timid on that opening night, as if stie
doubted herself and her powers, and,
moreover, she had cho en to appear in
"Magda," a nart which is not her best.
But as the week went on and the public
continued to rally round her Modjeoka
gained courage, ami on the last night of
the first week she shone forth with all her
old glory in "Marie Stuart." Since then
there has l>een no donbt ahont the bucc- as
of the Modjeska season. The Polish act
ress has shown once a -am that her great
est roles are tho.'-e calling for pathos,
dicnlty and tenderness, such as Mane
Stuart ami Adrienne. She is cast, both
nu-ntaltv and physically, in too fragile
and delicate a moid to make a convincing
Ma^d a or a great Lady Macbeth, but ncr
reading of both parts is full of interest for
students of the drama.
The star's supporting company "did
itself proud," considering that, with the
exception of Haworth, it was made up of
beginners and actors of local fame. Lon
ergan made the best record, for out of four
important parts he interpreted three with
skill. These three were the rector in
"Magda," Macduff, and the Earl of Leices
ter in "Marie Stuart," Hi-. Marshal Suxe
in "Adrienne Lecouvreur" was hampered
by the Queen Anne costume. Lonergan
did not know how to wear that trying
garb; few actors do. They rcay look like
emperors when they wear togao, they may
win the devotion of matinee girls in Eliza
bethan costume, and they may be mis
taken for belted earls in the dress of to-day,
but nine-tenth* of them shrink into utter
insignificance when they are put into the
costume that prevailed at the beginning
of the last century. It is one of the pret
tiest style* ot dress in the wardrobe ot his
tory, but for a man to wettr it gracefully
seems to be a lost art.
In "Adrienne" Lonergan gave me the
uncomiorabl- impression that his Mar
shal S««xe costume was too tight. He wore
red boots, a red coat and a face to matco
and every movement seemed to be
achieved at the eminent danger of break
ing nomet!)iiiir. Stevens, who was manly
and heroic in "Macbeth," wrestled with
the difficulties of his "Louis XIV" costume
even less successfully man Lonergan. It
princes at the court of La Grand Monarch
looked and walked and talked like that,
Voltain 's pen must have been culded by a
more roseate imagination than the nine
teenth oeutury society editor's.
Qftorse Oabourue had two opportunities
during the seasou, and made something
of one of them — the role of the old Re
gisseur in "Adrienne L°couvreur." His
Chandllor it: "M.-tgda" was not a happy
effort. Mr. Osbourne did not seem to have
any mental gia*pof the requirements of
t tie role. On the opening night he played
tlie Chancilloras a "solo' character study,
without regard to its bearings on the other
characters in the play; later in th? week a
change came o'er the spirit of Mr. Os
l ourne's dream, and he made the Chancil
lor less bourgeois and banal, which was a
distinct gain to "Maeda" as a whole.
The Regisseur in "Adrienne" is one of
the richest, juiciest parts for the portrayer
of elderly roles in the whole range of
standard drama. It gives unlimited scope
for the exquisite touches of tenderness,
pathos and truth to nature, which are the
highest productof French art. and though
O^bourne was far from playing the Re-Ms
seur with the finish of a Coquelin, he suc
ceeded in giving a stikingiy honest and
sincere rendering of the role. The way in
which the house broke into applause when
he stood at the wings and clapped the
imaginary performance at the Cnmedie
Francaise showed how he swayed his
audience.
lam watching with deep interest the
struggle between Gustav Waiter and the
popular vaudeville taste in music. Mr.
Walter longs to be a musical missionary —
h" has not confided the fact to me, but
"By their fruits ye shall know them,"
and Walter's visit east has borne fruits in
musical "turns" that soar above the cafe
chantant style. Vaudeville audiences
proverbially do not want natural voices,
bel canto, or such musical nonsense a*
virtuosity of any sort. What they want
is something freakish and cute; if it is
seasoned with a dash of &ui;gestiveness
so much the more attractive. As for a
singer who can sing, a vaudeville audience
is not supposed to have any use for him,
and phrasing, correct intonation, musical
expression, ami other trifles of the kind
would be repudiated by most vaudeville
anists with an eye to business. The sort
of piima donna that a music hall
audience wants is a dashing young person
in abbreviated skins, with voluminous
chiffon lingerie, whochortles, more or less
true to the key, about the advisability of
keeping the grass green on Willies
grave, or tells, in grating tones, that
"Mother Was a Lady"— a statement, by
the way, which it requires a good healthy
imagination to swallow, judging from the
appearance and behavior of the daughter.
If mother was a lady, what would she
have said to the abbreviated skirts and
the chiffon lingerie?
It is a mystery to me why people who
are always severely critical when they goto
grand opera or symphony concerts invari
ably clap their hands and stamp their
feet with delight at a vaudeville show,
when Miss Triptoes chortles about her
mother being a lady, a full half-semitone
off the key, and in a voice harVher than a
buzzsaw. It is a fact though, that dilet
tanti and artists, too. wnose opinions are
respected and looked up to, give them
■elvfs airs at symphony concerts, and
say of tome great virtuoso: "Oul bVs ef
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 7, 1897.
fective enough, but tricky, you know, very
tricky in bis playing. Joachim would
never have phrased it like that " And at
a vaudeville show these same connoisseurs
po into ecstasies of delight when a Weary
Willie-looking person stands on hi- head,
a:id in that position ri idles "Home, Sweet
Home," or a gentleman in red plush and
spangles knocks a faint and tremulous
stanza of "Ben Bolt" out of a row of beer
bottles.
Guitave Walter baj evidently said to
bim«eif: "This thing must end ; if music*
hall audiences do noi like anything more
artistic than chortling and freak virtuosi
they must be made to hear better music
as part of the regular vaudeville perform-
ance till tbey do like it." So the Orpheum
audiences this week, in addition to the
regular variety turns, a-e being nourish d
on a Hungarian bar.vi, and on the singing
of Guille, who a venr ago was driving his
manager to despair ;.t the Baldwin with
his caprices of prlno tenon assoluto of
the Tavary opera troupe. Next week the
Orpheum is to have a grand opera quar
tet, and I shall not be surprised nt nny- '
tli t n •in the musical line hereafter, even '
at tiiuliiin the Ort'ucum announcing Wag- ]
ncr cycles and Handel's oratorios inio. g
us attractions. But will QustftTfl Walter
ever be able to make vaudevi.le lovers j
admire singing more than chortling? He :
is a bold man and deserve* success in his
missionary effort. May tie achieve it.
Marie Evelyn.
BaldWirv Theater.
Louis James' engagement at the Bald
win Theater commences to-morrow night
with a revival of Hubert Montgomery
Bird's famous play "Spartacns," which
has not been seen here fur years, not since
it was played here by John McCullough
in the old stock days.
Fifty peoule are used in the production
of the pi ay and the company is headed by
Guy Lindsley. Alma Kruger, Florence
Kverett, Colin: K.'inptr :. :,d W. A. Lincoln
are also in the cast. Dr. William Sprague,
who left San Francisco to join the James
Company, is said to have made an excel
lent impression in the role of Lentulus.
During the second week of vis engage
ment James will present his new play,
'My Lord and Some Ladies," as well as
Shakespearean charactenzations.
Golumbia Jheater.
"Chimmie Fadden,'- with Charles Hopper
in the title role, and the company whi b
supported him in New York, will open an
engagement at the Columbia Theater to
morrow night. This play was one of the
few emphatic successes of last year.
While the scenes are ail laid in New York,
ana many 01 the characters belong to that
famous locality, tae Bowery, still it is said
that the story has been so well told and j
the types so weil chosen, that the piece |
may be appreciated and understood by tha.
residents of any American city.
Charles Hopper, in the title role of
"Chimmie Fadden." has plenty of oppor
tunity for displaying his versatility. At
one time he has to make love with all the
ardor and intensity of a leading man. and
at tno next moment he dances a jig. An
other piece of characterization that won
the unstinted praise of the New York
critics was the work done by Marie Bates.
The company includes George Nash, John
Flood, Will Cowper. W. H. Sheldon. Bar
ney Reynolds, riarry Rawlins, J. R. Fur
long, Sydney Price, Beth Franklin, Bere
nice Wheeler, Irene Viancourt, Fanuj
Denbam-House an<l Marie Bates.
Theater"
To-morrow night Gillette's funny com
edy "The Professor" will open a week's
run. It. was m-en here some years ago,
and at that time was received with con
siderable interest. The author has taken
for his plot the story of a man of learning
who is so thoroughly wrapped up in bis
studies that he forgets the little details of
life, w«h the result that he becomes en
tangled in a most amusing manner to the
au Hence, but a very complicating one for
nimself. While at a summer hotel near
Boston he unconsciously makes love to
every girl stopping at the hotel and en
gages himself to marry each one.
It is stated that there will be a bevy of
pretty girls in the play to represent the
characters to whom the Professor makes
love, including Juliet Crosby, Gertrude
Tidbili, Edith Cook, Sue Bianchard and
JBeiina Foltz, who will be seen in the
unique character of Daisy Brown, a child
of the wood-, who becomes the "speci
men"' and wife of the hero
Cjrand Opera-j-iouse.
''A M ile a Minute," a melodrama with a
Btrone comedy strain is lo be given its
lirst production to-morrow. It tells the
story of a miser murdered by his greedy
i on. Through five acts of excitement, the
complications caused by this base deed
run on and at last the parricide is pun
ished. There are to be some interesting
scenic effects that it is promised will in-
tensity the interest materially. Among
these s tbe pursuit ot the fleeing villain
| by the hero in a special engine tnat dashes
] across the stage at lull speed. Lorena At
wood has been engaged to play the
heorine in "A Mile a Minute." John J.
I'ierson is cast as the misev's wicked son.
The Phoenix Quartet has been specially
enga ed to sing and the funny 'Knock
about Four" will appear for the first time
,in comic songs and eccentric dances. The
j strength of the regular stock company
j will appear in the cast.
JiVoli Opera-House.
"Aladdin, or the Wonderful Lamp" has
caught the fancy of theater-goers, nnd is
drawing large audiences at the Tivoli.
Ferns Hartman, J. J. Raffael, Rhys
Thomas, W. EL We.«t, Maurice Darcy, W.
H. Tooker, Fred Kavanagh. Arthur boyce,
Master Jack Robertson, Elvia Crox Bea
brooke, Bernice Holmes, Josie Intropedi,
: Anna Schnabel and Jennie Stockmeyer
are entertaining in the various roles as
| signed to (hem.
Several of the ballets are very takinp.
A S'-ries of revivals of Gilbert and Sul
-1 livsn's favorite work* is in preparation:
al-o a production of Nicolai's comic opera,
the 'VMt-rry Wives of Windsor."
At the Orphevim.
This week Guille will sing Gonnod's
"Aye Maria," accompanied by Miss Nina
de St Hubert, a young local violinist.
Abra, Zebra and Vora, European equi
librists of renown, and John and Bertha
Uieuson, young novelty dancers with a
record of success in New York, are the
new features for the programme, and
Ward and Curran, the funny singers, will
coutinue m their eccentric act. This will
be the last week of Bessie Clayton, the
| boneless dancing wonder; the Frantz fam
! lly of male and female acrobats and Arnold
Kiralfy's bie ballet. The Royal Hunga
rian Court Orch stra is establishing' a
strong clientele of ramie lovers.
yU the Chutes.
Weather permitting there will be a bal
loon ascension and parachute drop by
• Kuiil Markeberc this afternoon and the.
i Hdgihara troupe of Japanese acrobats
will oerform on the Dig stage at tbe foot
of the lake both afternoon and evening.
the one-legged bicyclist, and Ord
way, tbe trick rider, will also give exhibi
tions.
The animatoscop* shows new. animated
picfu res every night, and the roller skat
ing-rink is open continuously, rain or
shine.
Jrebclli GorvcerL
Mile. Antoinette Trebelli, the famchis
soprano, begins her American tour on
Tuesday at the California Theater, when
she will be supported by Gustav Jiiu
richs' symphony orchestra. Mile. Tre
belli is, touring under tbe direction of
Vert <ft Haurwitz, one of the best-known
firms of impresarios in Europe.
The following programme will be per
formed : i .; r >':
PAKT i.
Prelo<l*, "Hansel ami Or«»:el" Hnmperdlnk
Cavatina from -emlramide. "Be. Ka;glo n .Aosslnl
Mile. Trebelli.
Suite Axicslenne... Bise:
(a) Prelude. (6) Minuette, (c) Aaagietio,
(d) Carlilon.
Bodk, "Lol H *ar the Gentle Lark," with flute
obllgato ; Bishop
Mile. TrebellL
Interval.
PART 11.
In honor of the one hundredth anniversary of
f*cbuM;rt'» birthday, born January 31, 1797.
(a) Kntr'act, "Kuaimaale": (t>) Moment
Muslcaie
Air ac isalome, from "Herodimde," II esi douz.
11 en bon Massenet
Mile. Trebelll.
Danae Macabre Palnt-Saens
bolvelg't BOLe, from Ibsen'a PearOynt. Grieg
Mile. irebellL
Ballet music, from Lalcme Delibes
Bertha Foltz's Success.
A clever young actress who made her
appearance last ..week with the Alcazar
Company is Miss Bertha Foltz, who at a
short notice assumed the part of Olive
Grey in "A Lsgal Wreck," owing to the
sudden illness of Miss Buckley. Miss
Foltz surprised every one by tbe manner
in which she played the part, for it was
not only a long one, but also one that
called for careful study in its rendition.
The clever young lady received a warm
welcome from the audience and was
heartily congratulated by ihe managers
anil her associates. Miss Foiiz is the
daughter of the well-known lady lawyer,
Clara Foltz, and is a niece of Charles M.
Ehorindge of The Call, and of Samuel
Sbortridge, the attorney. B he was born
in Dcs Moines, low i, and is just 20 years
old. She was educated in tbe Hanna Col
lege in Los Angeles, and went upon the
stage live years ago.
She made her debut with Grismer and
Davies, in "Chispa." at the A!cazar The
ater, playing the part of Florence Mont
calm. When Stockwell opened the tne
ater which bore his name, Mi>s Foltz was
a valuable member of the company, and
appeared in every play presented for
nearly a year. She went on the road with
Clay Clement, in "The New Dominion,"
orij,Muatii.E the part of Fiora May Ran
dolph, and received the nearty commen
dation of the en lire presi in the East.
•Miss Foltz is petite in figure, with light
eolden hair ana a pair ol sparciing biue
eyes which are an index to the capabili
ties she posse s'---. She is destined to win
an enviable place in her profession, for
she has abilities of a high order. In "The
Professor," next week, Miss Foltz will
play the part of Daisy Brown, the "Child
"bl tDe Woods." v
J\ California Actress.
Miss Pearl Berry, wno has temporarily
joined tbe company at the Grand, is said
to be one of tbe types of native beauty in
California.
Her debut as an amateur was made in
1890 at B'nai B'ritb Hall. Afteran engage
ment at the Marquam Grand, Portland, Or.,
Miss Berry devoted her time to the serious
study of her profession. Miss Berry has
an engagement as leading lady with one
of William Brady's companies and leaves
for tbe East in March. Her many friends
and admirers predict a brilliant future
for her. ;.:
y\r\ Enterprising y\ctress.
Margaret Mather has si>ent a large por
tion of the money she eot from young
Pabst, her one time husband, on a por
geous production of "Cymbeline" at Wal
lack's. The actress' intentions were evi
dently so art^tic that the New York pa
pers liave treated her very kindly, but it
one can read between the lines neither
Henry Irving, Daly nor the Tabors have
any cause to tremble for their laurels,
though the production was more costly
ihan any they have shown to New York.
Like the great Sarah Bern hard t. Miss
Matber washer own stage manarer,
she bad a little assistance from Eueene
Presbury. She also bore the burden of
the acting on h-r own shoulder*. E. J.
Henley seems to have made a greater bit
than any other member ol the star's sup
port. A grandson and a granddaughter
of Lester Wallack appeared in minor roles.
Brice Jestimonial.
' A testimonial benefit will be tendered tv
D. W. Brice by the Garrick Club in Native
Sons' Hall, on Mason street, on tbe 16th
inst. The club will perform the popuiar
comedy, "Littl* Puck," with music ur> to
da c. D. W. Brice organized the club,
which connts in its ranks some of the besi
amateur talent in the City.
Italian Opera.
At the Bush-street Theater to-night the
Italian Musical Society will repeat its
successful performance of "Le Educands
di Sorrento," recently given.
Dramatic Brevities.
Drew will bring "Rosemary" to the Baldwin
this year.
"Tbe Heart of Maryland" may extend Its
Chicago engagement.
Caroline Miskel Hoyt was the guest of the
New York Sorosis at dinner last Friday.
The Eastern tour (including Canadian cen
ters) of Mile. Trebelli is now being arranged.
Odette Tyler has completed her novel and
it will soon be published. It Is a story of the
South. |
Richard Mansfield has turned over ibe piny
"The First Vloiin" to Charles H. Meltzer for
alterations.
\v. H. Crane will have a series of new pro
ductions to show when he comes to the Bald
win this year.
Amelia Btngham has been engaged by
Charles Frohman to play the leading part in
"Two Little Vagrants."
The Grand Jury has Indicted Oscar Hammer
stein forgiving a burlesque called the "Silly
Dinner" at the Olympia.
Smyth and Rice have cleared a profit of
$21,000 in "My Friend From India," and still
the shekels come rolling m.
J. E. Dodson asserts that a theater-goer who
is philosophical can overlook almost anything
—except a woman's high hat.
Anuie Russell has been engaged to create a
part in MaJeline Lucette Ryley's new play
soon to be presented in New York.
E. A. Barron has received an oraer from
Julia Marlowe Tabor for . a three-act romantic
drama. , Mr. Barron is now in London.
Marguerite Merrlngtou is putting tbe finish
ing touches 10 "Polly's Jack" and will give
David Belasco the manuscript by March 1.
"Angelino, the Circus Queen," the new clrco
opera spectacle which the Tivoli will present
alter Easter, is a new departure In tbe operatic
field.
Yon Suppe's bright operetta, "Lovely
Galatea," will precede Gilbert and Sullivan's
"P tience," to be resented shortly at the
Tivoli. ■
After having tried to marry off Mitud
lEff TO-DAY.
OLD GRIST MILL
Entire
WHEAT COFFEE
The only perfect HEALTH bever-
age — resembling REAL coffee so
close4y that connoisseurs are de-
ceived.
No more heartburn, biliousness nor
indigestion if you'll use it.
In 1-lb. boxes at all leading grocers.
POTTER & WRIGHTINO TON.
| BOSTON, MASS.
Adams to Charles Frohman, the gossios no w
have it that Richard Harding Davis is the
lucky man.
Miss Tidbell, one of the Alcazajfc debutantes,
is showing considerable aptituae for trie career
•he has chosen. She 11 a San Francisco girl
and a graduate of Mi. la College.
Cogue in seems to be no nearer to finding a
draw for the Porte St. Martin, for George
Onnet's "Colonel Roquebrune" is doomed,
just rs have been Ccquelin's other six at
tempts.
Marie Bates, whone impersonation of the
bibulous Mrs. Murphy in "Chimmie Fadden"
is regarded as a very clever characterization,
attained ncr earliest lame as Topsy in "Uncle
Tom's Cabin."
Miss Laura Millard, who i. singing at the
Caht.e-squsr>! Theater in Boston, will shortly
rejoin the Tivoli Opera-nouse Company, ap
pc-artng aa Mrs. Ford in a production of
Xicoiai's "Merry Wives of Windsor."
Modje«ka and her supporting company will
leave this morning for San Dieso, where the
star's tour begins on Monday night. After
playing that city Modjeska appears at Los
Angeles, Fresno, Stockton and Oakland.
'•Under Martial Law" is the title of Milton
Noble>' new romtntic oomedy-drama, which
Jacob Hit will produce in Milwaukee in March.
The play deals with the stirring events of war
time iv Washington and it is semi-military in
tone.
A lot of English horses are expected to ar
rive in New York very shortly and will be
used in a racing play. This causes Charles A.
Biftelow to observe that the importation of
foreign taient is driving the American actor
out of the profession.
One of the reasons why Fanny Davenport
did not secure "Spiritisme," the latest play of
Sardou, was because Sarah Be m hard t stipu
lated that she would not create the leading
role in Paris if the foreign rights were sold
to her American rival.
80 mauy good actors are going Into the
variety business nowadays that some good
dramatists are compelled to go after them,
and writing sketches is their little specialty.
The amount of money they receive for them
Is very large, and so it oughl to be, to corre
spond with the salaries of those .who play
them.
Great preparations are in progress (or the
NEW TO-DAT— AMUSEMENTS.
PHI I IMRIA TWO WEEKS ONLY
VvLUi !D!n TWO WEEKS ONLY
Beginning MONDrVf FFDDIIADV O| *Ar TIIIi
JATINEE SATURDAY ONYY « L DliUnlt I ft POPULAR
THE ONLY GENUINE I PR>^ ■
tiiiiuiiuiir Charles Hopper
Hilail 9 i" ORIGINAL CAST^pL PRODUaiOft
REAP THE NAMES I* A FV^rfJ |L'l
Charles HOPPER KITTY MA'bON , I $\ 1 11 J I |\1
CjEORGE NASH BETH FRANHLIN ■g\ % ma^ vLtff f&sa I\l
JOHN FLOOD BEREONICEWHOffI niPRTION nc TPANK MCKFF^'
SIDNEY PRICE IRENE VIANCOUBT OIPECTION OF FRANK WKEE-
WILL COWPER FANN DENHAM- EXACTLY AS PRESENTED"
w.m: ■bKELDON •••rouse T MONTHS NFW YORK
BARNEY REWLINS NA"RTE BATES HUNIM^ '~l>itWTUKf\,
jr. furlong J22. J . **?£} I MONTH « BOSTON
F.R. JAMES [NOT niklfr I MONTH »n CHICACO
TOASTER louiscahn I ONE MISSIN& 1 ONTH >n DELPHI A
"awEOOTWUIjI ANOCROWOIN& THE THEATRE EVERYWHERE.
BARNEY REXt*>UXi
BALDWIN THEATER. W.?&%?j;?:
TWO WEEKS, COMMENCING MONDAY, FEBRUARY 8,
[Every Evening Including 1 Sunday. Matinee Saturday]
THE EMINENT ACTOR, MR.
LOUIS JAMES
Supported by GUY LINDSLEY, ALMA KRUOER and a Superior Company.
Under the Management of WA6ENH ALS and KEMPEB,
S S SPARTACUS
A Magnificent Scenic Revival of Dr. Bud's Famous Priae Play.
A CARLOAD OF SPECIAL SCEiVERY! FIFTY PEOPLE OS THE STAGE !
SECOND TVEEK--MT LORD AND SOMELADIES" (foT the First Time in
Srii Frinclsco). "HAMLKT" and "OIHELLO."
MnDHCPn'Q THIS AFTERNOON TO-NIOHT.
IViVjjn^OOV-J O I« Performance, ot *
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE **THE WESTERNER!"
WALTER . .Sole Lessee and Manager. With Its Two Exciting Situations. " ■
OOMMENOINQ MONDAY, inB3BR,XJA.K,-5T S,
1 lah >rate Scenic Production of the Sensational Comedy-Drama,
A MILE A MINUTE!
IN WHICH AN ENGINE AND TENDER DASH ACROSS THE STAGE AT FULL SPEED
:: \( First Appearance of the Two Great Quartets,
PHCENIX QUARTET, KNOCKABOUT FOUR.
Songs ! Dances ! Specialties ! Dances ! Songs !
EVENING PRICES— IOc. 25c snd sOc. MATINEE This Afternoon at 2.
TniCDLAantiIOOTTLODo p>. uars nAn*4«4- -
THIS SUNDAY NKiHT ONLT!
,- 1 hi- Fu-nlest of All Comedies,
"THE PRODIGAL FATHER!"
t00... SPtHAHIES....IOO
Tomorrow Mght CHIMMIE Fa DDEN
THE MUSICAL EVENT
Of tli© Season.
MLLE. AHTOISETTE TBEBELLI'S
World Tour Under the Direction of
Messrs. VERT & HAUUWITZ.
Messrs. Fried.'ander, Golilob <t Co. take great I
mea urv in announclug the nrst appearauce herft I
Of.MLI.E.
The Famous Prima Donna soprano,
" AT THK
CALIFORNIA THEATER.
Tuesday Evening, February 9, ,
At 8:15 O'clock, Assisted by
Gustav Hinrichs' Symphony , Concert f
SEATS NOW SALE.
PRICKS sOc. »1> »1.50
%^^^»
MATINEE TO-DAY (Sunday).
Parquet, any sent, Me; rtaloony. any a**:, ll}\
Children. lUc. any part.
AN EXTRAORDINARY PKOtUIAMME!
&UILIXI
■T The World's Greatest TK.vOR.
« ARn »na CU.iEAN, America's FnnntMt Men.
BESSIE IXAYION. THI. J-'RANTZ FAMILY.
AND NO\ELTIK>. WITHOUT EXDI
Concerts Dy ibe ltoyai Huncarian Coutt Or-
chestr.i Immediately after the evening perform-
ance In tho Orpheum Annex.
CENTRAL PARK.
TO-DAY A i .3 r. M.
basebaijli:
INDIANS vs. ALERTS.
uction ol "Cinderella" *t the California
■ucn Jn\ the 15th inst - The cast includes
IVKnn^l mT n clllldreu as I:ttle Rosina
Tait mX . llttle "stave Levick, little Gus
pl J S8 ° O<l , Bays Cf auncey Olcott's nX
reached^ ? isCarra: '" Wiien * mannas
«urround Bhim8 him ramtttiCP ° int at which ha
"Sty chTldr mße WU Q a dutiful dog, two
w , om «. an *V everal P reltv but inefficient
?* whom take ?urn.^ anvmediocre men - all
'or him tosiife " ls m , creating opportunities
of happy v» ni t « gs> he nas rt)B ched a siage
mine or y anv i y h lrom whlcn no remark of
any other person wi.l move him "
•ur uT^ZT^ 1 Louis James ls the oal *
andtheannounclm f p tUe , COast thiS BeaSOn
cance. Last se V« !" C& " le3 "■ own signifl
visited the coal^anr" 111 tra^diana of note
other of the thea ers Veral tlmes one or
Of all these engag/™ ° a , erea clasilc drama,
unctly successful ir?m ,1 Only ne was dls
ance. thai of Louis j?«, he P° intof attend-
Hayman Hmitea ih e ™**L. Thls season Mr.
attractions and -.elected th^ r of this clasfi o£
pecuniary success. he One wt io proved a
The marvelous acro>i>itir. «i
the old Hippodrome 0 Be K ham °. at
Paris, and his letter-oox e ach * . ldt>l ° £
crammed with billets-doux iromT 1 ; 1 * W * S
One day last week some sau or ? J« admirer..
broken-down wretch out of th« <sLi d a ,poor
boathook and/ifter drying him sen n r, e Mit X a
his business. Next day 8 he crttw l i o n m about
police station and begged for kSuSd IVi? *
It was poor Behamo. Ri c n e fame d «n^ te
mirers had all forgotten ■ him Th.r d « ad '
morai about all thi^ somewhere." nere is a
Native Daughters of the Goid« vr Mtl
Mrt. B. Uruce, aecond vice-president of
Golden Btate Parlor, havlne gone to Prescott.
Ariz., for a while, tendered her resignation
and Mrs. M. Randall was elected to till ta a va '.
cancy. At the last held meeting of this n«r*
lor three candidates were initiated, and th«r
aie still several applications to act upon
Grand President Mrs. Mary E. Tiliman left
last Friday for San Miguel, S.in Luis Obisnn
County, for the purpose of instituting a new
parlor there.
JrsT opened, 25 pieces all-wool eta-k
menes, latest shades, 75c yard. City of
Paris. •
Il^ast Performincpn
A I A A 711 D To-Day Matinee *
nLUnLnil .^eninp of Gillette' «
HhimhHH I Comedy Drama, "A.
— Legal Wreck . •
MONDAY FEBRUARY 8
The Funniest Play of All!
Gillette's Famous Comedy.
"THE PROFESSOR."
Nothinc more amusine ever witnessed- ~J
Pure comedy in every line ami scene. *Sl
Don't fall to see "The Professor's Specimen
0Y 3E3. FOXjS - ■
ALd the Kniire A'cazar Company.
Our Regular Prices. Phone for Seats— Blaclt 991
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUS2
Mju>.li.*-mu»tixk Krki.tn- Proprietor & Manager
TO-ro IGHT
Wat 8 _c*
OUR UP-TO-DATE KXTKAVAGANZA,
ALADDIN,
Or, THK "WONDERFUL LAMP.
Mirth, Music, Ballet and Beauty.
greatTcast!
NOVEL SPECIALTIES!
The Cleopatra Ballet!
Dance ofHougcho d Divinities!
The Latest gencmtioa.
"La Danse dcs Fieurs iilectriques!"
Ppr>ul-» • p«-'c">fs... .200 -»• ~">^
THE CHUTES.
CSR,E3A.T DA V TO-DAY !
THIS AKTEUNOON A D KVENINti.
The HAGIHABA TKOU!':. OF JAPANK^K
ACKOBATS! ORDWAY, T.ick Bicycle iUder!
BROWN. th# One-lesged Cr«ll3t! New $k;eats
by the ANIMATUSCUPK.
f BALLOON ASCENSION!
By EMIL MARKEBERai
7
♦§♦ -A.T 4: 30. /V
Admission. 10c: Ch.ldren. sc. ■
% — „
o SUTRO BATHS.
Opeu Dally From 7 A. >». to 6 **. M.
Swimming Season 1897.
Bathing, includins; Admission- A-.iul
„ , . 25c. Children awo.
General Adiutssiou, lUo ; Children* da*THE COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMA-Y OF THE MAKKETS.
■ .Sank Clearings keep up. -
/\Vbeat firmer.
'1 3aney doing better,
•f Other Cereals neglected.
. '• Ught receipts of Hay.
Beans and -eeds neglected.-
Onions higher. Potatoes firm. ■
, Receipts of Asparagus increasing.
. Butter and Cheese unchanged.
- Bggs tending downward. i^t,-. a
' Poultry nominal. Game dull.
■' Fresh and itrus Fruli quiet.
Provisions dull.
• -.Bides, Wool and Hops quiet.
■ Candles advanced.
■ Increased exports of Produce.
Increased shipments of Breadstuffs.
EXPORTS OF PItODI'CE,
Exports of Produce by sea from this port in Jan
nary were $4,113,300, against 936,400 in Jan
uary, 1896, the principal shipments being $1,944.-
OOU to the United Kinc'o;n, S->T6.700 to -outh
Airlca, 9383.4U0 to New York, 9^'89,U00 to Central
Amer.ca. 5T247 to China, ei'UU.bOO to Jai an.
$214,800 to Australia aud i,600 to tne Hawai
ian Islands.
QUICK><ILVKK TRADE.
• Receipts of Quicksilver at this port In January
were 1264 flasks, against 2112 in Janu.»rv, 1b96.
The exports by sea were 436 flasks, against C 909.
The lar. c total In 1896 en.tiraC' d itOo tiasks 10
New York and 100U fla^ki 10 Hons^oug.
' EXrORTS OF BREADSTUFFS.
. Exports of Flour from 'his port during tb* firs',
seven months of th crop year were 737,290 bbis,
agarnst 637.852 bb!s during the saiu>- period iv
, 1895-66. Reducing tt;ls i'lonr to a Wheat ba Is
and adding It to the exporud Wheat gives total
e-xports Br-ads uffs lor heseven months of 11.
--108.800 ctls, vaiu<"fl at 514.1 68 400, ug«inst 5*,210,
--000 ctlsat *;\-i. 7 during the same period lv
. 1895-96.
BANK CLKAKINOS.
. local b«nV- clearing last week verf 512,073 581,
•falDßt $12,0^3,198 lor tiie same weeii iv 1896.
>r;\V YOi.K SIAKKETS.
i I inaix
I M-W YORK. N. V., Feb. 6.— The dea'.incs at
\tj;e ock Exchange to-day wereon a very small
i.-s.e. S oc'ti.* were rather weak »t the opening,
and a few of the pet Issues receded fractionally,
but be'ore tue expiration of the first hour the
tnari.e; showed imp ■ovrmem. -ugar was de
clded;v steadier, and tb- bears on thesioc; were
less aggressive. American spirits were morn
active, tb» common rising "g and the (referred
li,i: in the railway group Northern PacJHcs wero
notably firm. Tbe variation! in tbe geoeral rail
way list were insignificant, and the trading on ai
unusually snail sca'.e. In the inactive Issues i..ou »
Island dropped : V». The market in the closn<
dealings whs tirm ill tone. Net changes s'iow
gains of 1 g'c, "g per cent, tbe Industrials lending.
3ouds were i.roiK. Tbe sales loo:eJ up l.i &7 -
000. American Spirits sixes rose H ; Kdi-ton
Klectnc 11 uuimn.ltu of New York consolidated
fivei 34; Kat.siis City and Pacitic first fours. Si.4:
Kxtoxvilie and Ohio firat sixes, 1%: Qregon Bb>rt
■ 1-lue sixes, iy 8 : do cnnio.idated tive«. 1; p op 'j
Gas anl Coke of i hlca^o second sixes, l^i, and
Western Pacific first sixes 1.
In O-<vernmeut bonds coupon fours of 1907 sold
at ills aaiiiout 19.5»t i:." 8 .
Grain.
'FLOUP— N^Rlected, ntfady. Winter wheat, low
grades, $2 30^3 : J O; fair to fancy. S3 35(^4 60: do
patents. 94 2.Va.5: Minnesota c'e*r, *:■( j>ui«.s:
.do stralghta, $4,u4 45: do patents, $4 10<£4 85;
low extian. i 2 hu<§3 30; C.ty Mills. *4ig,5; do
paten. s, fsig.6 25: Rye m x ur«-. j=;<(s,3 50; s>u
perfine, $:(g,2 80: fine, $1 *-0(.«- Bs.
■■-ODthern ilcur. dun: common to fair extra,
■$3 iO@;i 50: tood tQ ■ hoice do. $:< 75@4.
Rye flour, qu et, easy, i,r ga tiu^,
- " I'OR.NMI-.Ai-l v.l, s.etidy. Yellow Western,
f190®..
R^-K— Dull, firm. Western, 39i/4@:J9%c; West
ern, 43cel"Vato .
■ BAHLEY— Steady: -.etdlng 28%K29c, c. i. f.
Buff.ilo.
. « HEAT-Spot market dull, firm. F. o. b.,
94 3 4, c; ungraded reel, 7Ga,i»sc; No. i Northern,
88i*c.
• Opiions opened wea't and declined 3/s@s' 8 ; ral
-lej l@V 8 fell li-s - .iv! closed firm u.i'y-*'S.5/ a -
over -e».erda.-. ...at- ana S-pteuibtT tn/'jui.
nAsiac;lv-. No j red February, 81% c; JU'Cli.
■856%c;';jay. 8-% c; Juue. fc-i^c; July, 7SSic:
fce4j ember. 77c.
COR — spots dull, firmer No 2, 2Si,gc eleva
tcfr, acl B e afloat.
Opiioiisduli. firm; i/ B <£i-4- acvaucc. May and
July only tnded i^. Fcbruurv, .91 « ; .May,
SOV 8 -: July, a; 14c.
OrtTS— Spots duil; mlxei (inner.
Options dull, iKunlnall; i /R a3 /s c up. clos'ng firm.
FeDruary, 21% c; May. 2114 c: July, 23c.
SROt prices: -No. 2, '22c. do white. I4r; No.
B Ctiicaeo, 2L'c: .\» :-. 2U%c; N<«. bwh .<■. 22c:
railed Wrs,;en: *.OS24c ; <ij wh;;e, 21(530c:
.whiie •ate, 230311 C.
l'l ovisions.
•-• LA'i:r-Q-Jlet,weaic. Western 00; City,
$3 56; May, $4 07%: reßoed, anil; Coa
linent $4 -6; South Alu rican, $i 60; compounj.
■4@4i4c
■pcii.K— Qjiet: easy; nfwm««. SSaS 75.
tl'Ti y 1 — choic\ firm. I"(!jl8c: do Cream
>ry. 14@.20c: \ve»tern Creaujery, 14@21%c; do
factory, 7@i4c: i;;gics, 2j@2.c; im:ta"ioii <-reiiii
ery. ll@l6c
• HttsK- Strong, fair demand. Part skinn,
'.i,9--j(.; fuU skims. Z^.3i^c
EGGS— Quiet. I- -loiis ■" per case, $2@3 3J;
Westorn tresh. 15V«c: limed l^@l3WsC.
. TALLOW— >teudv, un hangeU.
COTTONSEED bl^-Quiet. Crude, 20c; yel
low prime. 2 c.
- RICE— Mrm, uccl:an^ed.
• iIOLASSES-Qaiet, unchanged.
. COf'FEE— UtichaaceU to .*> 1 o.nts up. March,
$9 30: .May. $9 35; juiy. §9 45 e-ep:embor and
December, $9 40. tipot liio, dull, seady; No. 7,
9T a
fcl'jQAß- DulL nnchaaged.
Fruit and Produce.
APRICOTS— Ba?s. 9@llc.
1 1 _/« Htb- Poe.oi, ooie3lJ%@lsi; unpeeied,
bags 7jg9.-. * w
" PKUNES— Four sizps nomina', 5i/ 8 c
Raisins— 'i crown L. M.,4i/i@}iAa; three
crown, si/4@5%c: four crow . 6i/4r«6%c; London
layers. $\ ao©l 60: clusters, $1 tO©i 80
,Ajl', : MXte ßoft shtu. b@9%c; paper eheil.
lira 1 Jc.
\\ ALNTTS— Standard, 7c; do soft shell, 9c.
• liDPS— Quiet; acilic Coast. bi^,igl3c.
• j* OOl.— iirm and unchanged.
Merchandisa.
IIGIRON— Qaiet, unchanged.
COPPKR— Firm. Luke. 512.
LEAD-Strong. Domeaiic. • 3 20@3 "5
TIN-Quiet. ttia:ts, Sl3 50« 13 6i>;' p tes
qnlet. '
si*tJLTKR-Flrm. Dom< s:lc, $4 05@4 10.
■ CHICAGO MAIIKKTS.
CHICAGO. Itu, Feb. B.— Wheat "shor.s" re
ceived a little trlght this morning aud covered
with great alacrity. The exports for tru- we*-.:
from both coasts, 3.16S 000 bushels, nnd small
shipments from Argentine, 16,000 lushels, com
bined with wet weather in the winter wheai bel:.
gave rise to alarm which resulted In sharp buyint
and a flurry in prices. Liverpool cables were i-4d
io-Aer. a lower opeulnz here bein'? due to thai in
formation. The decline was quickly reroverea,
however, anl a further advance followed. Re
ceipts at Cblcaso were 18 cars and 79,350 bushels
were taken from store. Exports at Atian.ic ports
were liberal at 358,239 bnsnels. Cloiing Conti
nental cables were irregular. May wheat opened
J^ ' f^ 75% c to 758,^0, advanced to 77J/ B e, closing
r»t 77c, i/i@3/ 8 c hlgner than yesterday. l^sttmated
receipts or Monday 13 curs. N'a 2 red, spot,
wheat raniied from 84% c to SoVie. closing at
06 Vie
COKK— U«hl«r receipts than were expected,
t>Mi cars, ga\> a to c ot steadiness to that crnln
at tbe opening. 'Ineflrmn ss cased on sympathy
with wneat followed, but throughout tne tiade
was rather humdrum. Cables from JL.verpo..!
.were quiet «nd uncbat There were no with
drawals from store. Export clearances nmouo.ed
to 55>4.*48 uushel*. M.v opened at 24i/ @->4\ic.
advance! to 24% c closing at 24Vi3>-.%e, y a
higher than yes.erday. Estimateu rec ipis tor
Monda ■ 600 rare
• OATS— There was notblng new to record regard
lt }', o«;s , itwaspurelv ■■ mpathetic market, de
riving a ton* of firmness f r . m the snrroundinr-..
Recelps were 321 cars and 2360 busbei* were
taken from store. May oats clos-^l a shade hlcher.
Estl. a'e 1 reclp s tor Mon lay 30J cars
.FL-AX-Was steady. casb No. :, 74V»c-
Northwestern, 7t%i-: May. 763/ @77c- Juiv
78i/4&7nV»c; B«Dtember, 79Vic liecelptswere 17
cars.
. PKOVISIONS-Tbe market for prolnct might
appropriately be styled a giea<! one, a though
prices were a trifle Irregnlar. 1 here was very ut
tle ouslness and no moilve for activity app ared
The • hog market was steaay. N>ar the close the'
bulge in wheat communicated flrmnfss to pro
■vJsions. wblcb advanced on covering by shorts.
Way pork closed 12% c big er. May lard 2V c
hig&er and May ribs 6c higher. 72<-
I'l'lT- X— 1 he market was active and firm to-
P»y. Receipts were only modeiaie. while the
oemand was brisk. Prices were unchanged:
t ream en es — Kxtras. 20c: first,. 18® 19c-
* p l4<»l6c: JmltaUons. fancy. l:i@l4c Dairies
•-^iras. 17o: firsts, 14<&lbc: seconds. 9itfioc.
MGles-Eztru, lo^l^c: Urals, bV2*W^c; packiu •
»-o< t 8c; grease. 2%@3c; roii buttor, 10c.
ijGGs— Recelp: were only fair an 1 the demand
FINANCIAL.
i CHICAGO GRAIN, PROVISIONS
I AND NEW YORK STOCK'S.
f. WHEELOCK & CO., I
4 Leldesdorff St., Tel. Main 1954.
• P«SV «. . ' ' -NTH* I. OFFICE
e«M Market sl. Palace Hotel. Pur ly & Atkinson,
, rrn.« ilaua ers - Tel. Main 6144. -.
uptown Oflicc-Baiawin Hotel (adjolnintOriU
Koom). Tel Main 1 .81. •
PURDY. ATKINSON & CLAPP, Man« er».
£?i n n Oil V*! y executed on latest market qao
CBirir^T K^?, e ?r°* Ut K»tlon«i Bank. fc. F.
was good. Prices were firm. Fresh sock, 13%@
14c V dozen.
. MONEY— Was4%'SS5X on call Bnd G% on time
loans, Sew York exchange sold at 30c discouut.
i.losinjj Prices.
WHEAT-February, 751/ic: May. 77%: July,
777/gc.
, CuKN — Febrnary, 22V8@-2Uc: May, -'4i.i@
243 c:Ju!v as/ c. _ T1
(MTi — February. I 5« 8 -': ilay, l' s /*c; July,
17%®J7%c.
1-uKK— .uay. $7 65: July, $7 77%.
LAKD-.May. S3 80: 11 V. $3 b7%.
Hits-May. *3 90: July, $4.
Liveetock.
r.VION STOCKYAHHS, Ili.. Feb. 6.-Les*
than 39.000 cettle arrived here this" week, being
several thousand 11-hter than the rocolpts of ihe
past lew weeks. Beef steers have sold at an ad
vance of \i)(g.2sc. 'Ihe butcher's stock has ad
vanced iO@2 c aiid koo<l feed Df tattle are 10@16c
higher. The market closed slron* to-day, the re
ceip.s th s week averaging barely 6500 per day.
During tbe lasi half of the week the receipts or
hogs tiave v idergune a marked fallli g off, as
country afaippers were losing heavily. The arriv
al* to-day up.c estinia;ed a only 14,000 hud.
mock 1- still eomins in good lv quality aud very
fat. -;.le< were readily eff-ctea. but prices
avera.eii s@loc low-r Uian l«st week. lhe mar
ket to-day wus tirru. The supply or sheep
to-day as small and pri es wire *t»a y. ihe
tota. receipts for the we-k were 68 593 h»>ad, as
crmpmri-d wi h ■ 4.0.0 las: week and 58,2*1 for
the corresponding week a year ago
CATiLE- Keceii ts 400. Common beef steers,
33 60(3)3 i*s; cows and helferi*. choice 10 pri •■<•.
*.i 1 0,g.l »5: cave*. iooci to fancy. $5 60@
6 10; medium steers. 12U0@1350 lbs. $4 26<g>
4 55: lair beef steers. i<oo<g)l 15u lbs, $4 (0,4 20 j ionj
mon bent gieers. 950@1i50 lbs, $< 7Ji» t 95: good
to prime stockers ana fieders, s.i b5(&4 25: fair to
good stockers aud ft-evlers. S3eu3 80. bulls, cnoice.
to extra. $3 30^3 75 bul;R, poor to i hoi c. $2 -.<§,
825; cows and lieiiers cnoice t ' prime, $3 60(i4 15;
bu.la. i-oor to choice, $3 10(33 75; 'lexa* ea s.eers,
$3 &o©4 . .'..
jin(,s_ i.icelpts, 14,(.'0'.>. Heavy packing and
shipping lots, $3 -o«£3 45: common to choice
mixed. $3 -J5(5,3 4o; cnoice us or:ed. $S 4l»a
3 6U: llgli!, $3 3O's>3 5(1: pigs. i- a 20@3 ->0.
KM'— Kt-ceipts. 14.000. ljienor to choice,
s*2 4U(&4; tau.bs, (3 60*5.
Kcceipta at Omaha,
FOITTH OMAHA. Nthr.. FeU. 6—lTOQ<»—Re
ceipts, 3600; market barely s iied Light and
mixed, io 16@S SO: heavy, *d lOigtH 20.
, CATI'Lt- Keceip i. 800. .Market seatiy: best
strong. .suers 53 sUti» 75: cows, si 5003 0J;
feeder*, $:-,@t.
t?HEEP— Receipts, 500; market firm. Fed
Wts:erns, $3 45.
Receipts at Kansas City.
KANSAS CITY. Mo. Fab. 6-HnnS-n
--celpt*, 6000. Litrht. ami me'llum, fi@3 37%;
heavy, *3 25@3 32%: | i;s $3(43 16. -
biiiit.l*— lUceipLs, 100U: martcet strong.
N£W VOKK MOCKS.
Bond*, Kxchange, Money and Bailroad
... . Shares- .
Money on cal 2%. lrime mercantile paper, F%.
Sterling exchange steady, wltb actual business .n
canters' bills a; 94 84'/ for 60 days end S4 86%
@4 H6Vs> for demand. Posted ra:es. $4 85%©
4 87%. Coninercial bills, ?4 88%©4 84. Bar
silver. c4?'»c. Mi-xican dollars Miai'u.jlsgc. Gov
ernment uonds dull; (Slate bunds dull; railroad
touda strong. Silver ne.leC.ed.
CIOPTNf» STOCK"*.
Am Te' <fc Cable... 87%|North American... 4%
Atch'.eon 14£. i.\orihern Pacific.. 15%
I freivrrea 24% Prferred WVi
Adams Express. ..l 49 Northwestern, 104
.\lton, Terrellaute 56 i'referred 163
: American ExpressllO .\ V Central. .. ... 83
American looacco 72% NY. ClilcagOitsi 11%
Preferred iOl i Ist preferred 55
Hay btate <ias 11 I I'd preferred. ■ *8%
Baltimore <fc Ob:o.. 15 \ V «fc N H. ....... 167
BranswlcK i.aniis. &'$X V <t New Ens... 37
Knftalo, Ko.-h Js P. lt>8 /4 XV. bi:sq <£ W.... >i
Canada Pac ili c 6t> j .' i erred. ... -4V*
Cj.na.ia Southern.. 44iAOntarto 10%
Canton Land &o^g ntarlo <fc Western 15
Central Paciac 11 Oresonlruprovmnt—
ches Jc Ohio 171/4 Prele-red
Chicago Aliou 164 Omton Nuvii-atlon 14
Pre;ened 174 ureson Hion L.iac. IS
CUicaso, B & Q.... 74Vi l'acinc Mall 26^' s
Chlraco Je X 111 '■« I'wina. I) & l-.vanj 'i
Preterr<>d »5 ipltt«bur< <fc W pfd. 15
Chicago Gas.. 77'.j Pullman I'alace.... 155%
Clev«- Pltuonrg.XH6Vj Quicksilver 1
Consolidation Coal. 33 , Prelerred 11
Consolidated Gas..l47%Readln2. . .. '<t*S I A
tCLisi Louu... i 7 Blo<irande<&VV«stn 12
Preferred 76 i referred SH%
Colo Fue <fc lrca.. S!5 Koclc Inland 67V*
Preferred t»0 ,Rome\V»t<£Osden.ll7V3
Cotton 0.1 Cer: HVs si W.... 3^»
Commercial Cable. 155 | Preferred 10^
I>elH'idson 108Vs>tPaul 78
Uel i.ackiWestrn.ls2 | Preferred iS'^s^
Denver&KG \IV4 St Paul & DulQtH.. 20
Preferred 4* I Preterred 85
Elstlllers. St Paul <t Omaha.. 48%
Oenerai Klectrlc... 35%| Preferred 129
trie M^siKJUJi 114
. Preferred -35 .-i:ver Certificate*. 64%
Fort Wayne 106 Soalhern Pac. tic- . . lOOVs
(irea: Nortbern pfd 122 (.Southern X H '*4 '
"■reen Bay ; Preferred 28»'i
liarlem. J(9-J tSupar KeHaery....lJ4Vs '
HockwaCoal- I Preferrca... l«»/i
liockine Valley... Term Coal <fc Iron.. *29& a
Homestake...... 35 , Preferred 80 '
h <fc Texa.i Central Texas Pacific 9V*
Illinois Central 94%T0l A A «t N Mich.
lowaC*ntral. 7 1 01 Ohio & Central 20
Prelerred 2j%' PreSerred 60
Kansas <£ Texas... i:)'» lolb;i.ou|jiKi.' 5%
Preferred SO3/V Preferred ISVi
Kingston <fc Perm.. .< 'Cnion Pacific 7i/4 '
Lake Erie & Wos;a 16% UP Dm &U01f.... li
• Preferred 60V3U S* Cordage.
Lake snore l^^Vi; Preferred
National lead 2M Guaranteed
Preferred 87% U S Express 36
Lonclslanl 48 iUSLeather. 8%
Louisville ± Nasb. toy 8 Preferred 69%
l-cuisvilie. Aiony UO H Rnbber 22
Preferred U/4' Preferred 7i»i
Manhattan C0n.... b9Vi fuca vfc B 1Uver...150
Memphis* Charti 15 Wsli SI, & Pacittc. 6 1 4
Mexican Centra^... BS/4! Preferred I*l4
Michigan Ceuirni. t<o j Wells-Farca E8
JllnniSL Western Union.... 83
Preferred '\Vl3' onain Centra;. 2
lllnn<fe st L com.. 19 Wheeling <fc X... 2S/ 3
lstpreisrred 79 Preferred 95/ 8
Dref>rred 48 Am Cotton Oil pM. 63
Missouri Paclnc... 22 W U Beef 6
Mob:ie<fcohlo 21 Ann Arbor ' 8%
NashvlUe <t h»tt. 67V2 Preferred 25%
National LinseeJ.. 13 {Brooklyn Traction. 19Vs
N J Central i> < Erie 2d pfd. US ,
Norfolk <t Westrn. llW American Spirits- 13»*
freterrea I" 1 /*' Preterreu IS%
trosi>« lovM.
Ala Class a 4^- 105% Northern Pac 15t5.114%
Co Clasi 84. Ss.li>4 1 D02d«....;
Alabama, ciasaC 98 ! Jjo Bds. b2%
JLtchisuu 4s il /2 [ Docoo\>l&s 60
Do vids A 48 Or lmprovmnt Ist. 85
Canada t*ouih 2c15. 107 | Do 6s 17
Cen Pac lsts of'9s. It R .V Ist*. 112%
Cheroicee 4s. 1896.104 j Do consol 5s ...
Do 1b97 104 Or Shore Line «55...H4Vj
Dolß9* 104 Do consol 5s 75*/ i
1>01899 104 Pacific 0r '97...
Ches & Ohio 65....110 Phlla<t Heading 4» Bl»4
I'b&NPlt ReisSs 43 ! Do Ist pfd incoin. 46%
V C 655. 105Vi'K UrandeWestlsts 78
Den <t li lsc llli, 4 LdtlronMtUenSi 77
Do «s Hf.s St L& el F Gen tfs..H2Vg
Kri*2<ls 66 ISt Paul C0n50.j.... 131%
mv&DenClty lsU 67 -1 P C cfc Pa ls:s ..1 17
H«t B A 6s 101% »-o Carolina 4%5...i06
' ,Co2a7s. 1-6 Jsouthern H Kdj... Sa%
V*" Ele cDebs«... 95% Do Pac Cal lsts.. 107
ti lex 55...10h Term new »s 79
Do con 6s. JoO Texas Pac lats 89%
Centralists.. 86 1 i exa* Pac iids .. 21%
Kar,ft Pa Consols 76 lUnloa pac lies 98.104%
f 1 Pa 1 sts Den Divi ) 6%' UH 4s re B of 1 925. 122 V*
LaCousoMs. 95%! Do 4s, c0up0n.. ..122y 8
M ! f? urifu " elln *--- O 64s reg of 1907.1 Jl
,f , yds " ft9l Do 4«, coupon..
., I /" 4s 84S /ti Do 2s 96W.
Mn? " c*e * Ohlo 45.. b7V* DO6B. rec ..:... 1138.1
.MutuaJ L n | On 65. .1 1 1 % ho frs. coupon. ... 1 11 »i
\ ■'i : '? 6s -. l J7i / Vn funding deDt... 62%
\o^*w StL vl »45106 * Doregtstered ...
N <w MI Uen 6si l ß Do deterred t»«. . . 6
ijo«^ ''oacou 43.108 Dotrnstrcptstpd 6V4
v^™'-;; 122 abash Ist Es 107 V
.xortiHesiCousoii. 140% WeßtßllOr *" 108
wu "° 6 » Il(j3/*
fOKIiIG.N MAKKETS.
■WHEAT IN LIVERPOOL.
LIVERPOOL, Eno.. Feb. 6.-1 he spot market
U s elle a r l rrv^ flß BVa<L « "'^^ "
H'TUKES.
t ilofr^^^? Fichange cable gives the following
™«« P «S §S ? i* a?" JOr No> 2 Kea Winter: Fe£
BECTJRITIIW.
LONDON, : E - "* eb - 6.-Consols. 113 1-X8; sil
ver, Bt%4] J-rench Kentes, 103f 10c.
. EXCUANGIi A. JD KILLION.
FterJJng Kxchange, 60 day _ *4 86iyi
fcterllng Exchange, sight "** _ 4khj£
fterllng Cables..: «... _ 489
New York xchatige, eight. _ 20
New 'S ork Exchange, telegraphic. — Ji - 'Vi
Fine «ilver, per ounce , _ 64sT
ilexitau Dollars 6a '2%
PEODDCE MAfiKET.
WHEAT AMJ OTUKii GRAINS.
WHEAT— Chlcazo was higher and this market
was firmer In sympathy Ftuures advanced, hpot
grain was held over the v ews of buyers, so v. ry
little Is chaining hands. Qnotrd at $1 32%@
i 37% for common grades, 1 1 38%@1 40 for av.-r
--age jso. 1, $1 41 Vi@l 4 - Va for choice aud $1 47%
@1 62% t'i ctl fur extra iiwice milling.
CALL 1OARI) r-AI.KS.
INFORMAI. t-it»«J(>N- o'clock— May-42,000
ctls,:sl 40; 14,000, $1 3934 60,000, *1 59%. De
cember-6UOO, «1 2i:%- '
M.COSB ~**»iok— De ember-4000 ctls, $1221/4:
40i)0. «1 22. May— 4ooo. SI 9»/*i 6000, $1 -9%.
4000. $1 39%: 4000, $1 39V«
Bkoclar JIOKNINB .-KSBION— Mny-2000 ctls.
$1 39 December-4000, $1 *2; 4000, »1 22V4-
BARLEY— The market Is doin* better attain.
Feed, 7&<&80c %t ctl: Brewing. 87%®92%c r. ctL
CAM. BOARD BALES.
Informal t-»wuox— 9:ls o'clock— So sales.
fcICCONI> bKesiON— >oia
i.Kuvj.AR tionsisa • j»sjo>-— JJay-4UOO ctis,
7PB/ < ; 80U0 hjc. Decembt-r— 2ooo, 78»/ic; 4000.
80c; 700 U. 79V B e.
OATB— SaI n are few and of » retail cbaracter.
Fane/ Feed, fl S7%@l 45 t* cU; Common White,
THE SAX *FRA>rCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 7, 1897.
$1(5,1 10: choice, $1 15@1 35. according to'
quality. Klack for feed. 95c^$l 05: for seed, $1 10 I
Cal 25; Gray, »l 15@i »0; Ked. f 1 10@l 20; bur
iri-e. $1 4&@i 55 r, ctl.
( OR .■> —Keeps dull at bedrock prices. Large Yel
low. 76@77%c; bmall Round do, 80c; Wblte, 750
771/j.c ctl. .
RYE— Dull and weak at 87%(£92%c ctL
BUCK WHEAT— Quoted a: »i 16@1 2j 'H ctl.
FLOUR AKD MILLSTUFFS.
. ■
>LOTTR — Xet cash prices are: Family extras.
$4 bD@4 96: Bakers' extras. $4 75*4 85; Super.
I.i.e $4(»4 35 ■& Dbl. SBT^flE
COKNMEAL, ET«— Feed Corn. $17@17 &0;
Cracked Corn. *17 60318 & ton.
MILLSTUFFS- Prices in wicks are as follows,
usual discount to the trade: Urabam Flour. $2 8.5
V 100 lbs; Kye Hour, $2 75 S». 100 lbs: Rice Flonr,
*J> 75: Cornmea:. $2 35: extra cream do. $3;
' atmeal, £>0; Oat oroats. $4; Kominy. $3 10
&3 30: Buckwneal 1 lo r, $3 2»@3 Cracked
Wheat. $3 50; Farina. $4; Whole Wlieai Flour.
$«: Roiled Oats <bbU). 4-0 .o(^s 90; Peari Barley,
j;-t . l(g,i; bpllt l'ebs, «3 50; Urtuu do, $4 U fl
ltO lbs.
HAY AX.) FEKUSTUFFS. .
' Hey Is in slender receipt, as tbe heavy sorm
ch«<ked shipments, but there will be plenty more
in clea weaiher.
BRAN— BI2 6utal3 for the best aud $12 f, ton
for outside brands. 1
Mil)D..lN(Jb— $18^13 for lower grades and
f 2C'@v:o CO «* ton for the best.
l-LEDbTUFFS — Rolled Barley, 17 50@18:
< Ucake Meal at tbe n:t , ('J6 50 r ton; }ooblng,
$27 50: clipped < ats. $1 3i>(0.1 60 ¥ ill.
liAV — Wheat, SK&li; Wheat and Oat, $7©
10: Oat, $6@9: Barley. »7@B 50; River Bar.ey,
$S@6 60; Alfalfa. $6@7 6u; compressed, »6i^
9 50; stock, }5&6: 11. ver. $ti&B p tun.
bl'ilAW- 2&I&S0C '$ bale.
BKANS AXD bKEDS.
Quotations for most descriptions are nomititi, as
there is ;.o business of any consequeuce.
BEANS — Bayos, SI 6Ooi 60 '0 ctl: Small
\\ m>s.*l 16Ca,l 25^ ctl; Large Whites. $I@l IB fi
ctl;Pnks, «1 10(0.1 25: Reds, f 1 JO®l 20: Black
eye, N lttel 15: Red Kidney. $2 60: Llmas, «1 70
©1 90 Bulters, $1 25fel 50; Pea, *i 16@1 SO.
st-tDt— Brown Mus.ar.i. *2 50(p2 75: Yellow
Mustard, gl 75*2 V Oil; Flax, $1 35®! 40 Canary
heed, 13 ( 0 .i/icV lb: Alfbliu, 6\\c; Kape, 2%®
2',ic; Hemp, . c; Tiuiothy. 4%a
UV.iy.ij PKAS— NUes, »I@l 20* Ctl; Green,
$1 40@l 50 "fi ctl.
POTATOtS, IMUX-, VEGETABLES.
Onions have a^ein advanced and Potatoes arc
firm. More Asparagus is being received. .
POTATOES— New Potatoes, 2©2Vic V tb: Sweet
Potatoes, $1 2:-@l 75 Early Rose, 76@86c: River
Kids 75(fl*5c: Burbiink f-eeJllnes. 65@70c ctl for
Rivers aud 90c(&$l 10 lor ta.iuas and 7t)(£bsc for
Peialumas; Oregon Burbaoks. 90c@91 10.
ONIONS— i>Ki@'i 9 ctl: Oregons, $2 US.
VEGETABLE^— Hothouse Cucumbers. 60c@tl
9 dozen; Ascara us. 10©30 c V It> : Rhtib.«ro,
$2 "f box: Los Atijje.es bummer Squasli, 75c
(asl 25 V* box; Los Angeles ore»n Peppers. 10®
50c: Mushrooms. 10@26c f* tb; Marrowfat !-quash.
s@i< "$ ton: LO3 Angeles Tomatoes, js@7oc V
box: Dried Peppers, 7<&Bc V Ib: Green Peas. 3®sc
'J lb: os AngeUs string ans Bft£loc; Dried
t »r», S@stc %* lb> abb. ge. 40@50c r ctl; Carrots,
25t&«Oc %t sack; Garlic, I%@'.'C %* lb.
BITIEB, tUtIiSE AND KGGS.
BUTTER— No further change observable.
Creamery— Fancy Creameries, -)@2Jc; sec
onds. I(<(g.l9c V tti.
Dairy— l-ancy roll--, 15@16c: sonares, 17c V H>;
goo<l (o choice. 13@14c; lower grades, 10(«l2Vsc.
riCKi.ED— l4c V Ib.
Fibkxx— l4c %t n>.
CUJCAMERV TCB— 16®17c Tfr n>.
tHr.Est- The tendency la downward. Choice
mild new. 10c fi It.: common to good old, B«t9c;
Cream beddar, ll@l2c t* lb: Youna America,
11 : Western. ll@12c: Kastern. 14®14%c lb.
E(iGs-ttill tower prices are looked for dully.
Ranch Fjgs, I6&18c: store Eggs, 14(515c; East
ern, 14 1- V ooz.
POULTRY ASD GAME.
POULTRY— Was nominal yesterday, as usual
on Saturday.
Live Turkeys, 15©16e Ib for Gobblers. 15®
16c V lb for Hens: Dressed Turkeys, ld»2oc %» lb:
Geese. pair. gl f-o(ct2: Goslings, $2 60@3; Ducks,
$4 i-0c;.o ior old and $6 60(^7 60 r doz foryoong:
liens, $4@5; Roo-ters. younjt. *f>»a V dozen:
do, old, J4-. Fry em. $5(£5 50; Broilers, <4 50®5 for
large and $3 60@4 tor small: Pigeons, <2<02 25
f* doz tor young aud $1 25 lor old.
(i.\M i-. — English ■ ntpe qnotable at $2 60 fl doz;
Jack snipe, $I@l 50 V d.oz: Hare, $1; Rabbita,
$1 60 for Cottontails and Cl^l 25 for small; Gray
Geese, $2; White Cieeae, $1 ; Brant, $1 SU; Honk
ers. *4.
DECIDUOUS A>l> CITRUS FKUIT3.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Apples, 90c@U %t box lor choice, (1 25@1 50 for
fancy Red, 60©7 5 c for common; Eastern. '$1 60
©'{ %* bbl.
lersla monn are abont gone.
hKRJUOfcS—
Eastern Cranberries are out of demand and
n'mos gone.
CITRLS FRUITS— Dull »nd unchaneed. Man
darin Orungeg are quotuble at $!:<s] 15 ft box:
Navel tjranges. Vi&i 60; 5-eedhiJK», tl@l -5:
Lemons. 75c@$i 25 ior common ami si l>o<s2 for
good to choice; Mexican Limes, ft»as MJ: Califor
nia Limes, $1 60@l 75; Bananas, $l(flj:J 1* buueh.
Pineapples, if'J©* 'f* doz. ■
DRI£Ii FRUITS, RAISINS, NUTS, ETC.
DRIED FP.TJIT^-Quotaaons on the Fruit Ex
change are nominally as follows:
lakloai> Lots— Aprlrots are quotartle at 6@9c
for Koyals -nnd 11%@12c for choice to fancy
Moorparks: Prunes, 3V3C for tbe 4 sizes Peaches,
4(&5%c for prime 10 choice, 6%@7c tor fancy and
9(<sloc for peeled in boxes; Apples. 6©5%3 f r
evaporated and -®'-' 1 c for tun-dried : fears, 2%
445 c for prime to choice, 4@5 %c for quarters ana
*>&6%c for halves: Plums. 4c for pitted una iy s
fo. unpitted: Nectarines. 3%@4%c for choice an'i
5%c tor fancy; Wuila Figo, He; Black Figs, 21 i
©.2%C I
Jobbino Pkicks— Teaches, 4%@5%c ¥ tti;
fancy, 6%®7%c fi lb; peeled. 12% c ¥• lb. Apri
cots, tii /2 '^!«c V- &>. taucy, 10c; Moorparkx. \'i%
13c; evaporated Apples, sic; sun-dried, 2^i©3c;
Prunes, 33 ®4c for the 4 sires: Figs, black, 3c for
unpressed an . 3@3Vic for pressed: white 1-lgs, 4c:
Plums, 4%&5 c for tied and l%c for unpitted:
Nectarines, 4tg;6c ti 0> for prime to fancy: Pears,
2 1/2 fo sc tor vsnole. 4%@5V20 tor tiuarters aud
4i,._,(a.6y 2 c lor halves. ■
KAISINS— ;■••:.,
Cabix>ad Pricks — Four- crown, loose. C&/ 8 c;
three-crown. 4S/ 8 c H tti; two-crown, 88/sC %> ID:
needless s>ultana«, 6%c; seedless Muscatels, 43/ 8 c;
three-crown London layers, $1 15: clusters, bi);
Dehesa clusters, $2 60; imperial clusters, $3;
dried Grapes. 3c * lb.
Joßßixe Pricks— -^an Francisco— Four-crown,
loose, 59ic; S-crown, 4>54c; 2-crown, B%c: seed
ietis S>uiianas, b'-nc. b. edleEs Muscatels, 4%0:
3-cronn Lonaon lavern, $1 25: clusters, $1 60;
i-eli.Ka clusters, tS 75: imi.<-Hnl olusten, S3 25.
N UTS— Chestnuts quotable at 8(<$10c: Walnuts,
6%&7 c y> tt. f.r stauriard and 9@9%0^ tt> for
Eo.i.inell; Almocds, ti@ti%c for Lauguedoc, 3(9
3%c for hardshell and ejt'Jc 9) lb for paper shell ;
Peannts, -iic,6c f* tb for h astern aua 4c for Cali
fornia: Hickory Nuts. 6(g,-c '«« lb: Pecan*. 7%@
8c it tt>; Filberts. 7%/£Bc; Brazil Nuta, 7%&Sc;
CccoMiiuts, &4(n.5 V 100.
HONEY— Comb, 10@12%c for bright and 639 c
for lower sr&de>i: waier-wblte extracted, bi&:>\.jc,
Hclit amber extracted 4%(c54%c; dark amber,
4<§4%c: uar><. 2fc3c *4 Ib.
lit.t.S\VAX— t« Ib.
PROVISIONS.
Prices remain without change.
i DRED MEATS— Eacon, 6c f> Ib for heavy, 7c
V Ib for light medium, 9%c for light, 10c n Ib for
t-xira light end lli c ft IL ior sugur-cuied. East
ern sugar-cured Hams, 12@12%C: 1 allfornla
liamr, 10@10%c; Misj Beer, $7(^7 60: exira
a.e-ui do, CB@B 50: t.-mily do, *9 60@10; extra
prlmo Pork. #7 60 @ 8: extra clear, $ltt it bbl;
.ss. $14 bbi: smoked Beer. 10c \\ C
LARD— Eastern, tierces is quoted at 6%c for
compound and 6@6%c for pure: palls. 7c: Cnlll
forntu tierces, 5@5%'- ft to for compound aud 6%0
for pure: iia.i-tii'i.s, 63'ic 10-tt> tins, 7'/iC; do, 6-fi>.
7%c fi tt>.
tul 'l'uLEN E— 6©Gi.4c In tierces and 7^i®SVß':
in 10- lb tins.
HIDES, TALLOW, WOOL AND HOrS.
HIDES AND SKINS— culls and orandi sell lc
f» It, nnder sound stuck. . Heavy salted sieers, 8c;
mediuui, 7c f) lb: U-ht, 6c %t Ib: Cowhides, 6c
sal ed Kip. 6c "tt &>: salted Ca.f. 7io»i>c: salted
Veal, 6@7c: dry Hides. IZ@l3« ? ,v: culls and
brands. 'J'&iOc: dry Kipand Veal.9tt.loo: dry Calf.
16c: culls. 10c; Goatskins, ' 2i>Ct3sc each: Kids.
sc: De-rsklna, good summer, »6c t« lb: medium,
rOc; winter, 10c; Sbee skins, snearlingi, 10Ca)20c
each; short wool, V6(tt3sceach: medium, bOCJiSc
each: lonsr wools. 40@60c each.
IaLLOW— No. 1, renderud, 3@3i/4C: Ka 2, 2%c:
rclii.ed, sc; (<rease, 2c r lb.
WOOL— We quote Fall wool as follows: Free
northern, 7@B%c %* lb: middle counties, free. 5%©
7c: do. defective, 4%@6cs san Joaquin. a(g.3c: uo.
foothill, 6<&7c: Kasteru Oregon. Vi^lOc; Valley
Oregon, fall and lambs', 10(^1 lc ft v,
' HOPS- 6,soc fur iair to cboico and B@loc t* Ib
for iancy. . ■
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
Calcutta Grain Bam, gpot, 4^ic; June-
July delivery. 4%c: San Quenila, $4 6S; Wool
Bass. 24Vj@26%c
COAL— Wellington, *S ton; New Wellington,
8 9 ton: fcotuhtield Wellington, $7 60 9 ton:
Seattle, *5 60: Bryant, *5 50; Ooos Bay, $4 75-
Wkil->end,sß 60: f-cotch. : Brymbo, ; lum
berland. $13 bO In bulu and $16 in .sacks; Perm-
vania. Anthracite K«c. tll@l2 %t ton: Welsh
, nthraclte. $«<ftlO; Cannel, s8« 9 ton; Rock
Bpnngs Castle date and Pleasant Valley, $7 uu-
Coke. $1 l(fl>l - in bulk and »18 9 ton In sks.
CaNDlK>— Tbe standard Oil Conii an y'» has
again ail van red proinctas follows: Electric Li«his
-6s, 1608,7% c: 14 oz, 6%c: 12 oz, 6c: 10 oz.
6V4C- Granites— 6's, 16 oz. e%c; 14 oz, 7%c;
oz.7c; 100Z.6V4C •
CANNED LMON -The Alaska Packers' a<
iorlatlon quotes Red Salmon as follows: In lots
of 25,000 cas>s. 95c %*doz<-n: 60.000 cases,' 92% c
V- dozen: 76,000 cases, 9'jc 9 dozen, net c»su t. o.
b. ex-sbln. • . ' ' -' r -..
scgaK—The Western Bu«ar ßefining Company
quotes terms net cash: Cube and Crusbed, 6%c:
Powderel, 6c: Fine crushed, 6%c;' Dry Granu
laud, 48'gc: Confectioners' A, 4V»c: Magnolia A.
4c; Extra C, B%c: (iolden C, . &*/ c: half barrels
14c more than banels. and boxei i, 3 c more. 1
SAN FiUNCIsCO MEAT MARKET.
Wholesale rates for dressed stock from slaugh
terers are as follows:
BEKF— First quality, 6c f> Ib; second, 6@sV>c:
third do, 4@4%c V IU
VEAL— Large, 6@7c; small. 7©Be V lb.
MLTIO.N- Wethers, 6%@7c; Ewm, 6©6% c
LAMB— Spring 10@llc H ft.
P(»RK— Live Hogs, .-.i/sOHic lb for large and
Ss/g@3%c for small aud u.euiuin; uressed do, 414
@J>Vic «l tv
RECEIPT » OF PRODUCE.
for 24 Horn 3.
Floor, qr sks ... 11,660 - citn. aon 4 680
>V heat, ctls .... : Hidej.no 1.5v«l
Farley, ctls..— . 1,540 IVlt*. bdls 308
Brans, slcs....^. 1 Wine, trals _ 39,700
Corn, ctls 1!«5 leather. r0115.... 29
Eastern 00! Wool, bi5........ 69
Oats, ctls. 6& l.lme. l>bn 162
Potatoe*. ski.... 944 j Chicory, bbis.... 10
Oregon.. Bl Paper, reams ... 1,300
Onions, iiu 13:-t; Kaisins. iM>xa* . 100
Middling*, 4iv.. 1,660 QuicksllTer, flm 10
Bran. »ks 4,010 Tallow. <-tl*. 116
11 &y. ious _ 80 Broom Corn, bu. 144
Bnuer. ctls..._ 14 Cir iced, 5k5..... 100
Checaa, cus...._ "0
THE STOCK MAEKET.
The Comstocks were considerably lower ag*ln
yesterday, as will be seen by the comparative
table appended. Tbe decline was general.
Ophir is assessed 25c.
The Alia delinquent sale takes place to-morrow.
Mining assessments falling delinquent in Feb
ruary amount to $52,500, of which California
mines want $19,500 and Nevada mines 133,000.
A telegram irom the Consolidated California
and \ ir^inia yesterday reported tbe output of ore
last week to have been lit tons, of the average
assay value of $28 per ton. Tbls or* was ex
trac ed from the o d slopes above the 175OleveL
The Pacific i-as rovement 1 rnpany has de
clared ibe regular monthly dlvldenu of 60 cents,
pa üble February 10.
The Sun Jose Water Comnany will pay ' a
monthly dividend of 60 cents on February 10.
The Spring Valley Water Company wl.l pay the
v:s".al monthly dividend of 60 cents on Feo
rnnrv 20.
During the month of January tbe mining, mlll
iinr and o.her corporations on the Cvmstock dis
unrsed a total of $c 0,548 60 for abor, as follows:
Hale & .vorcross, *125O: Ande, (estimated),
$1200; Con. lal «fc Va.. 1.093: Mexican. sl749;
Ophlr, $211H; Best <£ Belcher, $1473 50: Gould *
< urry, $1 4160; At (t3timaieu), $i&00; Utah,
8133: Occidental. $-100: Brunswick Exploratio'i
con.pany, $«-996 50: Crown Point (estimatea),
$1300: Yellow J»cket, *1249: Courldeuce $399:
tiaLenge, $171: Belcher, $1969: t-etr. B«lcher,'
$314; Con. Imperinl. $121: -avage. $2137: Bul
lion, $868; < hollar, 55645: Potosl, $726; Union
Miaft. *-J6.Q; irlerra Nevad'. *7-i9: Alpha, 717;
Nevada Mill (-s.ln.atert), $250: Uectrlc-llgh.
'estim* ed), S500: Water Company < (estimated),
$30^0: Quartz Mills (estimated), $5000; total,
$60,548 50.
Following Are the Highest Prices Dur
im; the PMt VVeek.
I \ V c.l
llpha
Mia -..
tndes ......
II
I
1( J
I 7.
1-
-30
10
o,
11
XI
11
07
It
1.
B_J
14
31
1
selcher
Best-: Belcher, i
bu11i0n.......... |
,'aledonla
.'hallenge ,
.'hollar...-
.'on. CaL A Va. . I
.'oniidence.-... I
•m_n PAln,
.rown Point. ..
jould _ Curry,
dale A X orcrosj
dexlcan ........
Iphlr
jverman
Iccidental ......
Co 0. 'OS
1.1 .IL 10
64 . 49 5(.
1.00 90 9;
2. .5 2.10 2.20
1.16 1.0. 1.10
35 3'; 32
60 47 61.
1.25 Ll5 1.16
47 44 46
1.10 1,10 IMb
U ii 1.
20 17 -16
5t 53 62
5. 6. 49
it it Ob
1.7 i 1.61 1.60
46 43 .. 44
41 3S 44
Oi> . . 06 Oh
06 32 32
12
60
1.0..
2.46
1.10
'«
1.,
4
1.
9J
J oio»i
1
. 1
;
12
16
51
47
_" 7
J
11
4'
-vage
%-■> tt_l^K_. I
*g- Belcher...
l„ni!,ir,i ..
sierra Nevada
.'IUdU.
.tan
I*_4>W -.___».
1.
41
..
Following were 'he eales In tbe San Frandjco
Btock Poard yesterday :
RhofLAJl MOKNJNO SKSSIOX. fOMMKNCI.Vn 9:3 a
200 Belcher M .29|200 Occdt 16 SOO Seg 8et....07
2UO » i-0.r... Ba;3 H) Ophtr 94J100 Stanrd-1.65
950CC&V...2.1S 303 P0t0*1_...47 50 L'alonC...3a
200GJtC 451 I •
Following wer9 the sale* In the Pad flo Stock
Board yesterday: ...
Eir,run SES8IOX— 10:30.
60n Alr>M« 0» .-iuo Cal»da....ll|3ol> Opblr 92
300 All* 07 160 confl 1.07%^00 91
900 Andes 13 100J U 1mp...l l|.oo 90
4u;i 8»1cner....27 li 00 02-00 89
&00 28'iOO ConN Y...U2 *>400 Ovrmn..l2
00 J B&B 644UJ Cl-oini...2l' JsoPotosl 45
4700 05 200 30 auO bavaje....46
800 '. 66,600 Exchqr... JOO 45
50iJ l.ulllou._.o4|lt>oJ U oc <_ ...44 tjt>U 44
600 Cbllnge...4h,ißoo 451700 Bcorpton..o'J
6UO 6UJ4SJ B<*.M.o7Vii'3OJ IS B&A1...08
700ChoUar..>8 500 Julia Ul »5' i-.n-v a 9
-.00 8t» -'00 Jostlce.._Ws!lUoo h Hill. ...01
250 CCaV2.17V2;600 Kentuck..(<2 100 Sinrdl.67%
250 a.2i 00 LWash..ol 85J Uultn w/
ltf.O 2.151800 Aiex.....42 25U 36
«00 -l/uIOO ...........43 tJOJ Uj0»......03
000 2.1 tJOO 41 3OJ * J»»**»3l
6»0 2.07%i200 Occd....»let>o 3u
1000 2.0:. 100 16 300 33
200 2.02%j . I
i.i.btalKU oIOTATIONS.
SATUHDAY, Feb. 8- 12 if.
j-I<r.AUeri. Hid. A.t/e<vt.
A'rMinnn 10 11 lolla _ — 05
A 11*. ..,.„..... 05 06 lustlce. ;.„.„ — U4
Ande.i. IS 13 Kenmcfc..;._ O'i 13
Helcher 29 SO! Lady Wash.... til 12
i;est dc Belcaar HA 66 Mexican 411 41
hiiitun Cou.. . Ii 17 .Nevada Queen. — . 14
bullion 03 06iuccldeut«l . 15 16
Caledonia. 10 li ophlr t-9 t)0
cbollar 89 90 Overman«...^ 11 12
Con.CalAVa...'Xos 2.111 fotosL _ 45 48
Challenett Cox bt> 61,-avace. ....... 43 44
(.on. imperiki- 01 scorpion. U2 03
Confidence.... 1.10 1.15 >?eg. Kelcbsr. . 07 08
coo New Vor* — i»:-s, -liver Hii; 01 i%
crown PolnL.. SO 31 >ierra Ner*li 39 40
tastHierraMar — itaudard 1.65 1.70
i-urekaCon... — '.t. --vuUica:». ..„ O'i it
I'.xctiL-uuer — 05 Union Cou..... 37 38
uuuiu<£«Jurrr. 44 4.' ulali US 04
i->.i»j«iuil.lij I.lc i eUOW i*O«i HI g]|
Jackson — 26 :
t-AOO^ AtiL, liU>L> i.XCUANtifi,
BATCBU V Feb. 6 10:30 a.m.
TXITK^ STATE* itu.N^J.
J,d.A^eu.i St-i. AtktA.
IlB«s eonp.Jl2 — U &4sreg.-.IOJ 110%
Do new i&auel23 — |
MiscKl-t^JilfrirT^ nnTtt.
fal-stCb>S«. 1 10% — Oak Gas 65.. — 104
Cnl l.lei- L i.-I'JJ 131 i-.o 2d is 55.. .109% — >
CntraCW6s V 3 ftb (imoiDin Bs.. 121^1122%
Dpnt-stex-cp — p&O KytSs. — 11
rdsn L&P6sI2A 123 PdtCu Ry 6s. — lOi
KKbslo7 — Pwl-st KU6jll4 119
'..■kiv-st R6slOU- — heno, WLAL — loj
UC<&»s%s.loJ — SactoP&L. — 100
LosAn«L6s — 100 SFAM'KSv 100%101
Do(int««d6.4 — iUI &PRKArlz6s 91% —
MKt-stCble6sl227,fe — aPßßCal6s.ll2 -
DoßyCon bs. lUtil/s — — 10U
NatVln6slst — 100 -PBrßCal6s. 97S /8 08%
NevCNgß7s.lO3 105 sV Water 6s. 120 120Va
NRyCaltts.loo — |>V\V aier4s. ltOV*loO%
Nltycalas. — 95 IstktnUdtiioi — 101%
■W4THB STOCKY
Contra Cotta 33 36 iSprng Valley 17 97*4
MarlnCo..... — fi \
«A 9 AND KLECTKIO »TOCK^-
CapltnL - 26 |P»c <as Imp 911/4 913/4
Central PB% — I'aclno Ltctit, 4M /4 4;.%
Ed:son LUbillbi.al<.B Francsco 975. y:t
ii tiec Li«n; 8% H% Stockton..... — as
Uak L aC4 64%1
INSCBA.N4.K HTOCKV -\
Flreman'sFdl77%l9o |Snn _ _l
COMHiii.UI, PAXK KTOTICV
Anglo-CaL... 61 63 First Natlonil80«4l86
BanicofCal.. — 24Ji% LondonP&A. 127=V —
CalbD&TColo7%loß%ilerchfix.... U —
• MVINH4 bA.VE STOCKY
r;erS4LCo_ — 1450 ISav*Loan.. _ 105
llumtiSAL.llOJ — Security.. .^.241 —
Mutual 3.1 — Uiiiou Truac.b 15 _
bisnvonion — 470 '
KTBrcr itAiisnAi «T<VICV
California.... 106 liO OakSi,d:Ha7 — 101
Geury-5t...... — 60 Presidio 4 —
-Uttik.el.-3t.... 43 43% •
PoW.l>ml fTocKv
AilantleD.., 16 17 iGlant Con.... 321^ S.ll/1
Calitorma.... 75 — |Vijjorlt. 60c 90c
KiiSlernU.... 80 87% i
Ml»l" r I.I.AN KOrr* STOCKI.
Alaska ptcn. 103%104 [NatVinCo.. _ vi*
t<tr Lead Co. t;0 Ji-0 I ceanlcSSCo -6 2b'Va
HawC&sCa. 17 i7Vi'Ptc Aux F a — 4
Hutch nl* i.a 24% 26 IPacßoraxCa 95 —
UwKxAmh. — 110 |Parf PalntUo - 7
BALja-MOKSU!-* OUllJi.
ro«M— • • .
10 Alaska Packers' Association 104 00
10 do do b -t 104 00
145 Huichlnson s P CO. J .._ -/« 76
$JOOOH V 4X Bonos 300 37%
$1 tOO s f <fc .N P Railway Bonds 100 0.'%
$1000 Femes & Ciiff House Bonds 107 26
.-.■■ >om. Marke'-st Ky Coo bX Bonds 106 28
-1 Mi Oceanic 8 8 Co 36 00
106 <* V Water .-. 97 00
$7uoo ti V AX Bonds. 10 • 87%
$7000 8 P Branch Railway Bonds. 07 60
81000 do do «7 76
$3000 8 FAN P Hallway Bonds IT)0 62%
REAL ESTATE TEANSACTIONS.
.T. E. and Grace K. Shsin et al. to California
Title Insurance anu Tru.-i Company, lot on HW
corner of Buy street and Van >>'e»* av»in c. W l'J3
by 112:B: also lot on 8 l!n» of Bay street, 25 X
or Frankiin E 176:9 by 8 137:6: also lo on 8 line
of Hay str«-t, 68:9 E o* Gough, X i 37:8 by b
137:6; $16,496. ■ '
PatrtcK BraUy to Tbcmas H.. Bernard F., James
J.. i atrlck J and Jmy X Br?d. , lot on >E cor
n«>r El Is and Broder:c< sirceu, E 137:6 by \
137:6: alsolot on t-S • orner Matter and Devlsa
ero s reels, 8 100 •y X »7: also loi on W corner
Geni.v arid collln* sir»eti. W 60 by .-» 12J. Moctt C,
Ju ipeio Trait; also lot im SK corner Cen'.ral
k venue and Post street, f* 115:1 by X 10u: also
lo: on E line of Uevltadero. 8-:6 8 of Uearv. S
'il :6 br y 100; alft.
■ (Jtorge Detterle to Fred Almond, lot on E line of
Capp street. 64 S of Twenty-tbird, 8 16 by E
1*2:8. *10.
tdward and Emma Larcher to George J. Wag
ner, lo: on W line of Diamond street, 60 X of
Tweaty-lifth, R 24 i y W 80; $10. etc.
Jacoo decker to Ci.r.sri-ia i. Pi cher. lot on If
tleof \orh p. int street, 137:6 W of Muckton,
W 45:10 by 137:6; gift.
and Uora uete to Edward Anton*tti,
lot on X line Forty-fifth avenue, 250 H of V street,
N 50 oy E 1.0: *'0.
Marr r. and Joim A. Halptn to L >\ Bosekran*.
lot ;ou "VV line of i*ennington;street, 10'J So: cort
land avenue. 825 by W 100, lot 5, bio k6, Fair'a
subdivision Hclly t'ark 'lr»cti *10.
A. a. Macdonaid to William Keith, lot on E line
Of Arch street. 315 N of Stan'.ev. .\ 25 b- E 100,
lot 18. block 29, utv La d association. $I'\
J. it. and 1 inmuc Klewlsch to Louis Za hert.
lot on NW line of Flf.eenth aye ue fiouth, 275 --E
of Ratreet south, tji. 25 by b\V iOO. OS and H
304: $,v.
>-yni:icate Investment Company to Louhe Bfnit
son. lot on Klliie of Bradford street (Idaho avenu' ),
395 ss of Pow auan, B 25 uy E >6. p> rtion of block
4, Kar<ni>n« map: also ot on W line of Hotladay
avenae (Calltor avenue). 202 S of Powbattun
stieet, b 26, \V 83, N 'J5, fa &9.4, portion of block 5,
J'armaus mep; $10.
*■' .-.- ALA M EDA COUNTY.
Mrs E. C. Voorh^s ( lfe of E. F.) to J. De
v.>s . lot on X line of LI de i street, '-'00 Sof Thir
tieth, f 50 by i; 12 j. being lot 5, block A, Golden
ijnie Homt-Hiead, Oakland: $10. '
L Jacobl (assignee of liattie B. Unsworth, In
solvent) to Hattie B. I- nsworth, lot on N 1- lla« of
Giascock street. 169.30 Sc of Twenty-third
avtnue. v E 100 b S v 50, bin* lois 21 and 22.
block 18 North A lameda Tract, Brooklyn '1 own
ship; ai o lot on >' line of ( limon avenue. 41:0 \V
of oak stree., \V 50 by .\ 150, bfin? iot 1. bioclc
P. lands adjacent to Eucinal, quitclaim de-d, -. la
meda; $1.
Theodore and Ida Wagner to Edward Larcher,
lot on X line of Pine sirret. 162 N of Eueice, >>
100 by X l; J 4:6, Dlock 6, Map of Tuohv addition
to town < f Ber-.eier. Oakland Township; $10.
V. P. and Maggie Mltcnels to MorrU J«mci, lot
on N line of Tbirty-nlnih street. 2V6:8 E of Grove.
X 26:8 by N 100. teiug ror.ion of luis 14 aid 15,
Mod Eomery Tract 1, Ouklaud Township, subject
to morttraee: $10.
I). K. Young <r>y Tax Collector) to A. L. Pa-.r.e.
Sl7 feel of lot 57 aud X 30 feet o: loi 58 College
Tract, Berkeley: $1.
A. L. and bbie . I'ayne(by attorney) to James
JL. Barker, lot on \V line of >tiattucK avenue. 60 06
Bof Bprkeley way, 9 49.20, W 105.50, N 49 to a
point 6U.06 from 8 line of Berke.ev way, X iO9
10 beginning, being: portion of lots 67 and 58, Co.
leire Tract, Berkeley; qulidalm deed; $10.
Margaret Leonard to Lyra J. Shaw, lot on N :lne
or Kii3selstr.il. 177:6 JE oi Knsworth.K oO by.X
134: ', being lot '20, bloc* H, Leonard Tract, Berk
t^y;*lo. .
Haine to L. Loretta Shaw, lot on NE cor
ner of Klisworth and Russell streets,' N 44:10 by E
127:0, being lot 18. block  same: $10.
George and Anna K. Lydikseu to i.can F. Mott,
lot ou j line Wail inßton ■ trtet. l4o:2 E of Br ad
way, ESO t.y N" 160, Ot-ln iOt 16, bloclc C, plan of
Lewelllng lJivision subjec; to mortgage £orsl.oU,
Ala-iiMu; $10. •
The T. F. Gray Company, Haywards. to A. L.
Gr..hirn, lots 10 and •Jl.l'ierce'sj Tract, Haywaras,
Eden Towuship; 5820.
Albert J. Unrneit to Union Savings Bank, tots 5
to lv, 13 to 24. aa to 44 and 47, Bro*u way Tract,
Oakland township; $10.
Mrs. M. s. Uh'iu-on to W. 11. Thomson, lot on
Nlne of Bancroft way, 120 \\" cf hapt?l street,
\V 49.21 by >" 12L>, wariuLty deed, Berkeley;
$3i.00.
Maud F. and Joaqulna Jardim to Fl'llppedeS.
d'A.relU.lot 10, block 16, Hay wards Pdrtt Home
s.eatl nlo.i. Edeu lownship; SlO
Antonio Fonle to Harriet ti Marsh, lot on SE
line of .Ninth avenue, 115 Mi of Eait Mxteenth
sir- et, NE 35 by BK 100, block 86, Clinton, East
Oakland; $10
George K. and Mary L. Williams to FranoM and
Jane Illtl, lot on N\V line of imri avenue, 150
NB of K-it-t MmMntt street. .NE 50 by NW
160, block 96. same. East Oakland; $10.
John t'. Byxbee (executor of the estate of Mary
6. Kiuibali) to Mary ilariln, lot ou N line «-f Car
rlson street, -Oti.t.l) E of j ab?l, E 60 by N 1.0,
being lot SS, bloc* -i, Teachers' Tract, Lorln,
Berkeley; $100.
Kilward and Mlna E. Brown to Henrietta Lach
nian, lot on NWitneof Lafayette street, 157:6 NE
of Sauta Clara avenue, .\E 60 by K\V 108, block
18, lands adjucent to Kuclual, Alameda; $10.
THE POLE CAN BE EEACHED.
Peary'a Project Prononnced Thoroughly
It:ic( i<:ibi .
No writer of authority on the polor re
gions will dispute the soundness of Mr,
Peary's plan for reaching the north pole.
His scheme couid not have been devised
until now wiih any assurance that it was
the best But we know at last that 1119
essential land basis for an attack upon the
polar problem cannot be found on the
Asian side. We know that the archipelago
which Peary saw stretching away to the
north of Greenland is in all probability by
far the nearest land approach to the pole.
It is certainly the only land approach ac
cessible by navigabie Eeas and a known
coast line.
It is not enough to say that the West
Greenland route best fulfills the desired
conditions. We now know that it is the
only route that comes anything near ful
tilling them. It is the route to the pole, a
route that is impossible at times, difficult
in some years, and wholly practicable in
others. The man who follows it to the
northern apex must be on the ground with
his equipment, and there await, if need be,
a favorable season ; and it is the only route
because it otters a land base thai is nearest
tbe pole, where supplies tuay be laid down
by ship and then advanced by sledge to
the most northern Jand, whence a dash
may be made across the ice to the pole
when the first favorable season comes.
Suppose we had known all ihis in the
days when Nares' Alert lay off the shore
of the Polar Sea, or Lockwood and Brain
ard struggled to their highest nonh.
There is little likelihood that they, even
with this knowledge, could have reached
the pole. The methods of living and
working in the Arctic regions have been
pimply revolutionized since their time.
The new ideas are those that made po-si
ble the brilliant success of Peary's siedge
journey, and of Nansen's ice march and
winter camp; and these ideas, approved
as they now are by Arctic authorities,
were chiefly originated by Civil Engineer
Peary, and he was the pioneer who nrst
tested them in practice.
Paary maintained before he started for
North Greenland in 1891 that explorers
who should achieve most in Arctic regions
would be those wh<> mastered the art, per
fected by the Eskimos, ol working and
thrving amid their environment; and
during his three years amone those Arctic
highlanders he learned all the lessons
they could teach. He wore the skins and
furs they had found a lapted for each sea
son, and they made bis garments. He
drove his degs after their fashion, and
their ideas helped him to model his
sledges. He soent many a night in their
huts, and they were his comrades on the
hum, on numerous journeys and for
scores of miles on the inland ice. He
learned thoroughly to know them and
their ways; he was their friend and they
bis helpmeets; and to-day he is the only
explorer who, landing in North Green
anu, could from the first hour avail him
self of every advantage that native meth
ods and co-operation can give.
Tbe brilliant work of Peary and Nansen
has c tablished the fact to the satisfaction
of all experts that tbe pole can be reached,
and pointed out the route and the
methods. There is not a particle of doubt
now that this long eiusive object will be
attained. We do not know who will set
himself this task; but if the north pole is
to be reached in our day the man who is
bt»st equipped for the work, bes qualified
by experience to take advantage of every
favoring circumstance, is the American
Peary, who received on last Tuesday ni?ht
the highest honor tbe American Geo
graphical Society could confer upon a
great explorer. — New York Sun.
The shark is the oldest type of fish.
________ C. _____.__.
Febbuaby, 1897.
I Mo.
I i
jTu.
W. jTb.
Ir.
|Sa. j Moon's Phases
6 i*% Xt» Moon
l<_? Feb. 1.
13 /-ftFlrs Quartei
*_ V F U 9.
20 —
©Full Moon.
— W Feb. 17.
ifVLast Quarter
Feb. 23.
11
15
16 '
17
23
25
OIL. AN Sll.Alill.J.
r>fit»« of T>ep»rtur« rom Sun Fr»rrt«M.
■TKAMiCX | IK+Tt 44 ri »N*.
. i
pi - R.
■:a.e ot 4,' at. I
Bareka.:...
areata I
I I'ort ana.;.... |
Newport j
i on. Bar
I Panama
(j -a. -> Harbor,
i ban Diego I
Humboldt H.
Urars Harbor.
! Vie _ l'i,'t tend |
Newpor j
.an ill n -4 Bar.
Portland _ j
san Ol<»~_ . .
China _ Japan
Oregon ports..
low -AT |
I Vie Pgt Snd
| Feu 7.11.AM : 1-lcfJt
Feb 7. Van Pur 11
•cb 8 6pm Pier II
F-b 8,1- ii .as.
■Feb 8 4pm {
___•• 9 1lA_(Plerll
Feb 9. km If ..- 1
Feb 10.12 M pier.
Feb 10. 9am ! Pier 9
|. eb IL lam Pier 11
j Feb 12. 9am r Ist 2
Feb 12.10 am I Pier -4
Feb 1811 am l'i*r 11
Feb 13. Ipm PM 88
Feb IS. fip- Bier 13
Feb 13, 6p_ Pier B
.Feb 15, 9am | Pier 9
Newport....!
L)«i .\or.e..|
iueen.
.'orona
Snnol
Jmatllla.... I
Joos Bay- . .
Karailon....
S.W.Elder,
Mexico....
STEAMKKS TO AItKIVIi.
A MICS
I- bom
>r
r.mpirb...
Crescent City...
Queen
Washtenaw .... j
Willamette |
Bunoi. j
City or Everett. i
Corona |
Costa Rica I
Nor horic. ... !
city Puebia i
Geo W. Elder..
toos Bay j
larallon |
Truckee i
Mexico ]
a tame la- I
City of Para. .. j
AUceßlanchard
Amarapoora....
Czarina.. . ...... i
j-an Mateo |
Eureka-
Areata ■
State of Cat....
Doric I
Orizaba
Wall i W»:i_ ..
v. v\_ 3 _a v . ..............
Cre*cent City
Ban Diego- •
| Tacoma ; "."._. .".
I Sea; tie
Grays Harbor
INanaimo.
Hnmbold. Bay.
Comox
Humboldt _a~....
i Victoria & Fuget MMaCI
I Portland
i .Newport
| Van lima Bay-, "
I Por 'and ;
j -an Dieg0.........
Sydney....
I Panama......
I ortiand
Oscos
Coo. Bay
jCuiliOX ..*....
j Newport.
j Coos Bay
I orilami
i China and Japan.. ......
Mexico
| Vie on* <_r !'•' »r Hon ii I
..ran
..FeD
..Feb
. . Feb
..Feb
. Feb
..Feb I
Feb 1
..Fen
. r-'eb 1
..Feb '
..Feb !
!•". !
Feb ll
. Feb I'
..Fen 1
..Feb 1
..F-o 1
Feb 1
..F-b l:
..Feb 1
..Feb V
..Feb i:
..Feb 1
Feb 1
..Feb 1
..F-b 1
Feb 1
fcU.\. iIOO.V .*-"w llliti.
tnrrro states Coast and G«od»tic Sttrvsy.
T MS3 and Heights OK Hmih and LOW
Waters at Fo<t Point. Entbavok to
Ijax Fbaxcisco Bay. Published by Offi
cial, AUTHOKITY OF THE ISUPKBIKTBKSKNT.
Note— The high and low waters occur at the
City Front (Mlsstoa-slreet Wharf) about twenty
nv>- minu later than at Fort l'oiut. me bel<tu
of tlrtt* is th» sama a both pla<"e*.
February- l»y 7.
Bunda \ Keb vary 8. .'.„'.;.' j
Pnn ri«#* 7.071 Moon rises '. •
ton set* 5 4l|ilooa tecs. til'
I Feet _____ Fe-t !____! Feet Tvn *
a ■' ■ 1 I. ■« M . . w
Feet
8'
9 1
9 3..->a
0 4.3U
1 5.1
.2 600
L *'
3 1.00
4.61
4.5
4.4 {
10.26
1 L ls2
1..34
1.88
i 2 07
H W
I 7.06
- 0.9
0.7
0.3
-o.l '
5.0b
6.44
7.56
9.01
9.50
L *
2.49
8.1
32
3.6
10.06
11.00
1168
h"\v
10.25
30
30
32
: • I
I 82
! 4.7
1-0.4'
3.8
Note— In the above exposition of thj tides ths
early morning tides are given In the left hand
column, and the successive tides of the day In th«
order of occurrence as to time. The second tlm<
column Klves the second tide of the day, the third
time columD tha third tide, and the last or right
band column gives the last tide of tha day, except
when there are but three tides, as sometimaj
secure. The heights given are additions to ths
soundings on the United Wtates Coast Ctorvsy
cnarts, except when a minus sign (— ) precedes ths
fcelght, and then the number given ls sub tract ITS
froiu the depth given by the charts.
NOTICIS TO MARINERS.
- A branch of the Uni;ed States Hydrographta
Office located in the - Merchants' Uzobanve is
maintained in San Francisco for the benefit of
mariners without regard to nationality aud tree of
expense.
Navigators are cordially Invited to visit the
office, where complete sets Of charts and sailing
directions of the world are kept on nanl tor com*
parison and reference, and the latest Information
can always be obtained regarding lights, dangers
to navigation and alt matters or Interest to ocaan
commerce.
The time ball on top of. the bnlldlnc on Tele
graph Hill Is hoisted about ten minutes before
uoon. and is dropped at noon. " 120 th meridian, by
telegraphic signal received each day from th«
United States Naval Observatory a: Mare Island.
Cal.
A notice stating whether the time ball was
dropped on time, or giving the error, If any. Is
published the same day oy the afternoon- paper*
and by U)9 morning papers Hie following -lav.
W. s. Huohks,
Lieutenant. U. S. N.. In charge.
The Time Ball.
-EXASTCH HTMMVIRAPKIO OtTXOK, TT. 3. X, >
MrxruisM' FirHAXt? . >
East Fbaxcxhoo. February 6 1"?97. ) -
Tne time ball on Teiegraoa Hut was arot>oel
exactly at nooa to-day— L c.. ai noon of the 1 JJi
lueriOUui, in exacuy tu. a r. m^ Greenwich Uma.
W. S. UC6HU,
I,'»titPniint V. 8. N. in.-i\ar;«. (
hUU'I-1.-.G AMXiiL.L,IUi.J!«CJS.
Arrive!.
SATURDAY, Febrnary 6.
Stmr Cleone. Johnson, 64 hoars irom Ban
Pedro; bal ast, to Gray <fc MltchelL
Stmr Santa Cruz. Nlcolson. "4 days from
San Diego, ,-ic: produce, to Goodail, Perkins <fc Co.
Stmr Del None, Stockfleth. 100 hours frm Grays
Harbor; lumber, to E X Wood Lumber Co.
ieHro i
t BATUKDAY, February 6.
Rmr Kureka, Parsons, fcan Pedro; Goodall, i'ar
tins <fc ("o. *
Stmr Slate of California, Green, Astoria: Good
all. Perkins <t Co.
Haw bark Andrew Welch, Drew, Honolulu:
Welch &Co.
sciir Pearl. Koehler, Band Point; Alaska Com
mercial Co.
\ Fan»<i.
SATURDAY, February 6.
Ptmr Geo Loomls. Brldgett, Ventura,
Fttur Navarro, Duggan.
Stmr Cleone. Johnson, Crescent City.
Siinr Point. Arena. Johnson, Mendoclao.
* 'Ael»»rapb.lo.
POTNT LOB^S. Feb. 6.-IJ r. *.— Weather
cloudy; wind W; veioci.y 13 mllev
Charter*.
The bark Carrollton loads coal at Nanalmo for
this port: schr Annie Larsen. lumber at Port
Blakeley for San Jose de Guatemala.
pnki-i
Jan 20— 26 N, long 29 W, Br bark Balmore,
from Liverpool f r Victoria.
Domt»«t,io Porti.
TATOOSH— Passed Feb 6-Scnr X X Wood, fm
Nagasaki, for Cbemainus; stmr Wal.a Walla, hce
Frb 4. lor Victoria.
PORTGAMBLK— Arrived Feb s— Bark Caron
delet, from Adelaide; scar Comet, from Kan Pedro. '
DRAKES BAY-In port Feb 6— lad bound,
stmr Pasadena, from Han Pedro for Eureka.
TACOMA— bailed Fab 6—bhlp Two Brothers, for
Ban Francisco. .
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived Feb 6-Schr
Zampa. from Guaymai.
POINT BEYts- Passed Feb Stmr Pasadena,
from San Pedro, for Eureka.
BOWiENS LANDlNG— Arrived Feb 6-Scar
Mod erey, hence Jan 4.
sEATI'Lfc- Arrived Feb 6— Scar Marion, bnce
Jan 30.
Foreljrn I*ortß.
NANAIMO-Arrlved Feb 6-Bark Wllna, hnce
Jan 31. .■:-.■.-
DEPARTURE BAY— Sailed Feb Ship Amer
l». for »a i Francisco.
HONGKONG — 'ailed Feb 6— Br snip Matter
nor'i. for >an Frundsco.
QUEKXSTOWN— Feb4-Brshlo Biytns
woo , for Dub. in. Jan s— br ship Carradale. Xor
Newcastle, Koe.
JUovement* of Train- VlUnHn slmih-i
NKW YORK— Arrived Feb 6-Stmr Aller, from
Bremen; stmr N«-w York, from soutbaniuton.
CMtileij Feb 6— Stmr Umbrla, lor Liverpool; stmr
La Bretagne, for Havre: stmr Veeudam, for Rot
terdam: stmr Aimenia, fur Hamburg; stmr Mass
achusetts, for London; stmr Cirrassla, for Glas
gow.
GIBRALTAR— Arrived ont Feb 6-Stmr Bis
marclc.
SOUTHAMPTON— SaiIed Feb 6-Stmr St Louis,
for .\>w Voric.
HAVRE— Sailed Feb tt— Stmr La Eourgogne. for
N«v yortu
HAMBURG-SaileJ Feb 3-Stmr Patrla, for New
Vor.-.
UEXOA-Railed Feb 4.— Stmr Kaiser Wllhelm
11, for New York.
Importation*.
AVIOTA— Santa Cruz-53 hogs.
Port,ttarford— Ib 7 sics barter, 196 sks corn.
Con<l<ieM.
Per Santa Cruz— Wbeaton, Breon & Co; Moore,
Ferguson <fc Co; il Dutard.
For Isitr. Shipping Intelligence See Fourteenth Paae.
I
BANK • ; AND BANKERS.
GERMAN SAVINGS Si LOAN SOCIETY,
526 California St., S. F.
Capital actually paid up In cash 91,000.000 00
Depo*' DecemDer 31, 189S 30,727,586 £>9
Reserve fund 7i6.000 00
Guaranteed capital 1,-00,000 00
OFFICERSj-Pn-sldent, B. A. %ecker: First
Vice- President. Edward Kruse: Second Vlce-
PresMent, Daniel Meyer; ashler, A. fl. R.
Sci.nndt: sstsiant Cashier, William Herrmann;
s.-crt-iarv. Georga Tourney; Assistant Secretary,
A. H. Muller.
BOARD OF DIRECTORS— B. A. Becker. Ed-
ward Kruse. Daniet Merer, H. Horstmann, lea.
Bteinhart, Nle. Van Bergen, Emil Rohle, H. B.
Russ, D. K. Walter.
Attorney. \V. & Goodfelow.
JUDICIOUS INVESTMENTS
in STOCKS. BONDS or GRAIN are
1000 PER CENT.
more profitable than in oth cbanne's.
OCR SWDkATB PLAN OF SPbCULATON
affords larc e and small investors the dual adrao-
tages of saWy and mou satisfiictory returni on
■urns ot $25 to $1000. Piospectus and >uar»et
Letter ni.wieU free.
SETTLEME SEMI - MO^THLT-
DeWOLF & CO., Bankers & Brok
Bank References. 50 Broadway, N. Y. City.
PARTICULARS FREB ON APPLICATION.
KELLER CO.,
BANKERS AND BROKERS,
44 Broadway and 45-47 New Street. New York.
Agenciet in All Large Cittes of the United Slate*.
Nearly seventy cent profit on our "Holiday
Combl ation," coverin : only twenty-seven days 1
transactions: oVKR EIGHT PEK CKN I weekly
on .he Investment for the past SIX V t.A RS. >"O
LOSSES EVER RECORDKD. The safest and
most profitable system of investment known.
Shippers and
Buyers* Guide.
THE CALL endorses and
recommends as " thoroughly
reliable the Commission Mer-
chants appearing in these
columns.
L. SCATENA & CO.,
Sole azent for the Southern California Frolt Ex-
change; dealer in Green and Dried Fruits, etc.
104-1 10 Washington st.
Brannh 16-33 Wa«hiiieton Street.
TROBOCK & BERGEN,
Cbmmlsnion' Mnrcliinta-
Wholesale Dealers in Fruits and Produce. •
604-506 Sansome Strei-t, S. F.
NASH & BOZSSENECKER.
holesale Dealers in Foreign and Domestio
Frutts. Produce, Poultry, Eegs, etc.
311-318 AVaslilDgtoa St., a. F.
JOHN DEMARTINI & CO.,
Wholesale Dealers In Foreign and Domestic
Fruits, Nuts, Produoe, etc.
315-317 Washington Street, S. F.
EVELETH & NASH,
Wholesale 'Dealers In Foreign " and Domestic
'i ■■-•• -i%\ • Fruits. Nuts, Produce, etc.
■it •'.';■;.■ 433 Front Street, S. F.
D. E. ALLISON & CO.,
General Commission Sleroliants.
Green and Dried Fruits, Grain, Potatoes, Beans.
Produce, Wool, etc.
j 501-500 Front St., S F.
DALTON BROS,,
Orpen and Dried Fruits, Citrus Fruits, Produce
Poultry and Eggs.
317-319 Davlg St., S. F.
MINAKER & WELBANKS
Wholesale Dealers in California and Oregon Fruit
ana Produce, Eggs, Poultry, etc.
501-503 Sansome Street, S. F.
GRAY & BARBIERI.
Green snd Dried Frait?, Nuts, Ponltry, Eggs.
Butter, Game, Potatoes and Beans.
305-309 T» aghlngton treet, S. F.
Rk^H These tiny Capsules are superfof
\\| to Balsam of Copaiba, /**^\
CubebsorlniectionsandlMlDlf I
IgJ j CURE IN 43 HOURS \JJ
K$&A the same diseases without
inconvenience.
Sold iy all druggists.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
THEO.R.&N. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAN 13
From Bpear-street Wharf, at 10 a. m.
J? APr/»l2tlrst-cUB> \ Indudin?
J- -rYJ.tJU\B6 Secoud-class /berth St. meals
SCHEDULE OF SAILINGS:
George W. Elder Feb. 12, 22
State of California Feb. 7, 17, 27
Through tickets and through baggage to all
Eaatera points. Hates and lolders upon aauUc*-
tion to
F. F. CONNOR. General Agont.
630 Market street.
OOODALL, PERKINS & CO.. Superintendents
PACIFIC COASTJTEAfISHIP CO.
STEAMERS LEAVE BROADWAY Vfc<*_
wharf, San Francisco, as follows: •^jg :s r
For Mary Island, Lorlng, Wrangel, Juneau. Kll-
lisnoo and Sltka (Alaska), at 9 a. M., Feb. 10, 25.
For Victoria and Vancouver (B. C), Port Town-
send, Seattle, Tacoma, Everett, Anacortes and
New Wi aicom (Belllngham Bay, Wash.), 9 a. h.
Feb. 4, 10, 15, 20, 26, and every nfth day there-
after, connecting at Vancouver with the C. P. R.
R., at Tacoma with N. P. R. R., at Seattle with U.
N. Ky., at Port Townsend with Alaska steamers.
For Kureka, Area a and Fields Lundlng (Hum-
boldtßar), str. Pomona 2 p. m., Feb. 1, 6,9, IS,
17, 21. 35, and every fourth day thereafter.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey, Ban Simeon, Caynco\
Port Barford (San Luis Oblspo), Gavlota, -Santa
Barbara, Ventura, Hueneme, ban Pedro, East San
Pedro (Los Angeles) and Newport, at 9 a. m.
Feb. 8. 7, 11, 15, 19, 23, 27, and every fourth
day thereafter.
For san Diego, stopping only at Port Harrort
(San Luis Obispo). i-anta Barbara, Port Los An-
relei. Redondo (Los Angeles) and Newport. 11
a.m. Feb. 1, 6, 9, 13, 17, 2L 25, and every fourth
day thereafter.
For Ensenada, San Jose deLCabo. Mazatlan, Ls
Pax and Guaymas (Mexico), steamer Orizaba, 10
a. K. 25th of each month. •■■•■<'*. ■■ ■■-■■-
Ihe Company reserves the right to change with-
out previous notice steamers, sailing dates and
hours of sailing. Ticket — Palace Hotel, 4
New Montgomery street.
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO., Gen'l Agents.
10 Market st., San Francisco.
COMPAGiTIEGEJERAL TRMSATLAJTIQnB
French line to Havre.
/-IOMPANY'SPIER(NEW),42 NORTH rijisj
\J River, foot of Morton st. Travelers by -mSBStt
this line avoid both transit by English railway and
the discomfort of crossing the channel In a smalt
boat. >ew York to Alexandria, Egypb via Paris,
first class $160. second class 9116.
LANORMAXDIE Feb. 13, &a. k.
LA BOURGOGNE Feb. 20. 6a. m.
LA CHAMPAGNE. Feb. 27, 8:80 a. X,
LA OASCOOSE March 6. 6a.k.
L> BKETAGNF- March 13, Ba, «.
j»a~ For further particulars apply to
A. FORGET, Agent.
No. 3. Bowling Green. New Yorlc.
J. F. FUGAZI <fc Ca, Agents. 5 Montgomery
avenue. San Francisco. ,
fails via Honolulu
*§■ " "•and AUCKLAND for
U™ . SYDNEY, Friday,
fmmimmauM February 8, at 2
sal 's Via HONOLULU
[•^■•■■■•and AUCKLAND for
bg . . SYDNEY. Friday,
GiuS'lSS Febrnary 5, at 2p. v.
Sfparn?h|n J a». Australia tot
Q^CaillJlllU" HONOLULU only.
/nfnßfinm Tuesday, February 33.
VyjlipUlttp Bl 2f. n. Special party
rates.
LInetoCOOLOARDIE, Aust., and CAPETOWN
Eouth Africa.
J. I>. SPRECKEL3 & BROS. CO Agents,
114 Montgomery streei.
Freight Office, 327 Market au San Francisco.
WHITE jiTAR im.
United States and Royal Mail Steamen
. BKTWEKX
New York, Queenstown & Liverpool,
SAILINu till V»AJK.tv.
/IABIN,*M) AND UPWARD, ACCORD- ><mb
\J Ing to iteamer and accommodatloos mSaßm
selected: second cabin, 9 -J. 50 and S4i 50; Majestio
and Teutonic. Steerage Tickets from England, Irs>
Und, Scotland, Sweden, Norway and Denmark
through to San Francisco at lowest rates. Tickets,
sailing dates and cabin plans may be procured
lrom W. H. AVER Y, Pacinc liall Dock, or at ma
General Office of the Company, 613 Market street
wulex Uraad Hotel. % v. W. FLETCHER.
General Agent for Pacinc Coast.
STOCKTON STEAMERS
Leave Pier No. 3, Washlnarton St«
At 6 F. 31. Daily. i-°reiichc received -up
to >:80 P. M.
49* Accommodations Reserved by Telephoas.
The only imr se.lln- through tickets and giving
through freight rates to all poln.s on Valley
ltailroaJ.
STKAMEttS:
T. C. Walker, \ J. D. Peter*.
Alary Oarratt, City of Stockton*
Telephone Main 805. Cat. >»v. aud lmpu Ca
FOIi VALIEJI) AJD C. S. lATT-T.4RBL
SItAMJKB "MONTICEJULO."
Dally ex. Sa urday <fe Sun- 10:30 a. m. and 4 p c
•-aiurdavs n *1U:3O a. IP. ic
Sundays 8 r. x.
■ - Landing Mlssion-stree Do'-'t. Pier 'X ••'■«:
Telephone Blaok Udl.
*Tr(p gives 6 hours stop v: Navy-Yard .
FOR SASJOSE, I.OS 6ATOS& SMTACRCZ
CTKAiIER ALVISO LKAVES PIER 1 MOV
0 u.y. Wednesday, Friday, al 10 a. v. Alvu™
■I uesdar. Thursday. S«tunlay. at 8 p. u7 FreSl?
and Passenger. Fare between Ban Francisco
Alvlso, 60o; to San Jose. 75c. di» SlJ^wT
2930
"THE BLACK CAT " UP TO DATE
He Is a MarVelously Successful Hunter
ar\d J-Jis Exploits /ire the Wonder ar\d
Pride of an Extensile Region
M^ERE is a black cat with an actual
■pJl^ hunting record which is unequaled
•l^Y*^ by any hunter in Rockland County,
Vermont.
Minks, woodchucks, rabbits and part
ridges are tne game which he prefer?. lie
scorns with lofty disdain to hide behind a
brush or tree and pounce out upon some
tiny chipmunk or small bird. He is a true
hunter, with all the instincts of a sports
man and for versatility is a modern "puss
in boots."
Nimrod is the very appropriate name of
this bunting cat, and he is owned by Miss
Nina Cook of Poultney, which is situated
on the shores of Lake St. Catherine, in the
Green Mountain State. This remarkable
feline is also addicted to the more gentle
art of angling as weli as the excitement of
wood sports and tne chase. And it is no
uncommon thing for him to land a perch,
pickerel or an occasional bass weighing
three or four pounds.
In addition to his prowess in the cbase
this wonderful cat has social qualities that
make him an acquisition to any house
hold. He accompanies the families to the
neighbors' houses and behaves prettily as
a visitor, never scratching the children
nor quarreling with tiie dogs. He has
his special chair at the dinner table and
waits to be helped as the other guests,
asking a blessing with a contented purr
of thankiulness and then lapping his
milk or nibbling his chicken as daintily
aB a young lady at a ball supper.
Notwithstanding his sanguinary achieve-
Znents in the banting field his fur is
always spotlessly clean and his nails
deftly manicure:, and no one would ever
imagine that they had ever been buried in
a rat's vitals or had scratched the slimy
skin of a snake.
His whiskers especially are trained like
those of a Parisian gentleman of fasnion,
and while they can bristle fiercely in a
tight, can also curl coquettishly when
greeting friends or welcoming good-look
ing strangers whoße apuearance may
cr.ance to please his fickle fancy.
il;s peculiar "miaow" is multiphonic
and would almost persuade the hearer
that the cat has a language of his own,
articuiar ana ruonetic. In fact, the fam
ily has arrived at the understanding ot its
var;ed inflections so as to comprehend
perfectly what the :>.nimal wants and
wishes, and the cat in return comprehends
every word that is spoken in his pres
ence, be it English or French, both of
which tongues are of common U3e in the
household.
Nimrod apparently hunts and fishes for
two reasons. In the first piece, he seems
to enjoy the exitement of the chase and
the battle to the death which invariably
follows, with the c&f. a victor. Iv the sec
ond place, he apparently feels that lor
some reason he is expected to make fre
quent additions to the family larder, and
so far as is known he never attempts to
eat the game which he catches, but in
variably brings it home to his mistress
and lays it at her feet.
When the game is prepared for the
table, he enjoys his portion of it with the
rest of the family. His hunting record
for the present season has been one of
which a human hunter armed with the
most complete and modern sporting arms
might be more than proud.
He has caught, killed and brought
home, one woodchuck, one American
marten, one muskrat, five minks, several
weasels, eighteen gray squirrels and
ground squirrels, 173 rabbits, fifteen par
tridges and a big black snake.
With all those to his credit as a sport
ing feline, Nimrod has found time to fre
quently go fishing, catch a big owl and
keeps the promises of the family froe
from rats. Upon an unlucky occasion,
Nimrod himself got caught and came
limping home witu his fore foot fast in
the cruel jaws of a small steel trap.
The sharp steel had cut through the fur
and flesh to the bone, but the cat went at
once to his mistress and seemed to under
stand that release and the dressing of the
wound would be painful, for all through
the operation of washing, dressing and
binding up of the hurt he lay on a lounge
and made no move until the uncomforta.
ble process was completed.
In appearance he is a big black animal
with long silken fur, with only one tiny
white spot ou his body, that being on the
right side of his neck. He generally pre
fers to hunt alone, but between Nimrod
and Sport, the family dog, there is a
strong friendship. They eat out of the
same disli ana sometimes go on hunting
trips together. From one of these trips
they came borne late at night, Nimrod
with a black snake and a plump young
partridge in his mouth, while Sport car
ried an old partridge.
They deposited their spoils at the feet of
Miss Cook, and Nimrod seemed quite put
out when the snake was not put into the
pot and boil i>d with the partridge. He
seemed, however, to raaiise that snakes
are not popular as an arvicle either ol com
merce or diet, and pinc2 thtn has uever
brought any more home.
Another peculiar feature of Nimrod's
hunting is that the game be brings to his
mistress 13 of the very best. No manpy j
mint whose fur would not bave a market |
value does he ever bring in to lay at his
mistress' feet; no unt'eatiiered fowl will he
soil his jaws with. All must be clean,
wnolesome and plump or puss will have
none of it, and in that proiitic part of .the
country, the "fersnnatuno" being plentiful ;
as yet, Puss can afford to be particular and
ditlicult to pleaae.
It is no matter of surprise to Miss Cook
or any of her household to lind a dead
rabbit or bird lying about the house. In
fact, she would not wonder if puss should
one day bring in a fox thrice as big as
himself, slung over his bacic. But minks,
squirrels and otiier game, whose fur is of
value, are never scattered about thus care
lessly, but are always carefully laid down
at thf feet of his owner, and the customary
word oi approval waited for and received
with a soft purr of satisfaction.
Living as he dots on the shores of Lake
St Catherine, Nimrod has ample oppor
tunity to practice the piscatorial art, his
favorite fi^hin^ ground b'-ing the trunk of
a fallen tree, whish overhangs a deep pool
in the lake.
Here, when there is no ice to interfere
with his work, Nimrod lies like a black
panther, extended at full length along the
tree-trunk. When a fi.-h which suits him
comes near the surface beneath tne tree,
down goes a sleek blacK paw and the
sharp claws are buried in ttie side of % the
tish. There is no escape for the "finny
one," and cat takes his catch home in
triumph.
The hardest battle which Nimrod has
yet had was with a woodchuck, which
refused to be killed without a tough fight.
Nimrod was game, however, and after
receiving some severe bites and scratches
he managed to get a good "backhola" on
the woodchuck and by a quick turn to
break his neck.
The skins of the animals which Nimrod
has brought Some have when gold added
not a little to the "'pin money" of his
mistress, while as a provider of "game in
season" for the table Nimrod has no equal
in all the country.
Of course puss is one of the lions of tne
countryside. Every traveler is told of his
exploits and if possible brought to see the
hero of them. All such visits are received
calmly and with dignity. Puss evidently
realizes his position as the champion
hunter of the county and looks npon the
homage paid as merely public recognition
of a self-evident fact needing no com
ment.
It is now proposed by the hunters of the
county to present puss with a silver cham
pion's belt or rather collar, which will no
doubt be worn with pride and repaid with
double exertion on the part of the grate
ful recipient, for Nimrod is no churl and
would scorn to accept undeserved favors.
That the cat manages to catch such shy
birds as partridges and such fleet-footed
animals as rabbits is a matter of much
comment among those who are personally
familiar with its prowess in the field.
As a "stalker" Nimrod is a brilliant
success, but he has been seen in the early
morning hours scurrying across the
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 7, 1897.
stubble fields, in close pursuit of a fright
ened rabbit which was fleeing for life.
The success of the chase is, however, al
ways apparent when the feline hunter
comes proudly home and lays his long
eared prey before his mistress.
The ancient Egyptians appreciated the
cat as a Household penius so highly that
they deified, or at least "beatified," it in
their sacred calendar, and its mummy is
found entombed along with those of
J'lniraohs and high priests.
The Aryan legend, "The Cat of Knowl-
edge," which has come down to our times
and climes as "Puss in Boots,'' is evidence
of the estimation in which the animal
was held on the Himalayan plateau,
whence our race descended to cover the
earth with knowledge, while in modern
times the well-known tale of "Whitting
ton and His Cat" sustains the reputation
for energy and dash that the feline race
has obtained wherever it has dwelt.
The good people of Rockland County
have much the same regard for Nimrod
that the ancient Egyptian had for his cat,
and any offer of sale would be declined
and regarded as nothing sbort of sacri
lege. His exploits are looked upon as re
flecting great credit upon the folk of the
countryside, and any serious mishap to
this most remarkable cat would be re
garded as a most dire calamity.
POODS VERY IMPURE.
Evaporated Cream, Milk, Honey and
Syrup I .nllv Adulterated.
Professor W. T. Wenzell, chemist of the
Board of Health, has submitted his
monthly report of the chemical depart
ment concerning the analysis of food
products durinj: the month of January.
He makes the following interesting state
ments:
The so-called evaporated creams consist
of milk from which a notable quantity of
butter fai had been abstracted and is then
condensed by the evaporation of more or
less of its water. The so-called condensed
milk may be detined as milk from which a
portion of the butter fat has been removed
and thickened with cream sugar. The
analyses of certain samples were given in
detail, and the following conclusions are
drawn:
"It will be Been that the above samples
are not creams; that they are simply
milks, very poor in batter fat, and con
densed, excepting Nos. 29 and 40, which
are made from a good quality of milk.
liut, as they represent milk only in
creased to represent two parts condensed
to one art their nutriment quality is be
low that of the others."
To show the great variability of the
preparations, a table is given showing the
analysis of certain samples as follows, in
percentages:
Butter /Minim- Milr
fat. inoids. sueal
•J* ft "5 10.05 • 11.4.
4° 5.30 4.83 B.Blc
*f 480 7.00 11.50
B i 6 5O 11.J3 10.61
- 9 6.75 6.51 6.40
An analysis of a high quality of cow's
milk shows the following: Butter fat 4
albuminoids. 3.5; milk sugar, 4.8. From
a comparison tne chemist finds that only
one sample— No. 29— approximates the
amounts of butter fat, albuminoids and
milk sugar contained in normal milk.
A similar tabulation concerning con
densed milk is also furnished, and from the
figures he finds tnat "the above samples
of condensed milk plainly show that the
butter fat is greatly deiicisnt, ana that,
inasmuch as the sugar of milk and the
albuminoids are greatly in excess that
skimmed milk is uaed in the manufac
ture of these products. I think that a
standard should be adopted which should
compel the manufacturer to condense
four parts of pure, unskimmed milk to one
part weight, an\i suet a product could be
made which contains the stated constitu
ents of milk in equal parts by weight."
Thirteen samples of honey were analyzed.
Four of these were mixed with cane-sugar
syrup, two of the four also being watered.
One, which purported to be pure, white
clover honey, was nearly all glucose; an
other was honey mixed with glucose.
One sample of catsup was found to be
adulterated with salicylic acid and coal
tar color.
One sample of raspberry syrup con
tained cane-sugar syrup, glucose and col
ored with aniline dye and contained no
raspberries.
The veterinary snrgeon has found on
dairies he has inspected 207 animals sus
pected of disease during the past month
and 50 per cent of these were coughing.
• — ♦ — •
Checked louisines, latest novelty, at
City of Paris, $1 25 per yard. •
• — —
An interesting piece of information
brought out during the Brussels Confert
ence is the fact that there are at presen
no le-s than $100,000,000 of counterfeit sil
ver money in circulation in France, Bel
gium, Switzerland, Italy; Spain and Por
tugal.
• — — •
Fine half-tone printing by skilled men and
I ■ modern machinery. Mysell-Boilins, 22 Clay.*
ha^e bros. I . . . _ HALE BROS. I HALE BROS. ...... _ J___,_,_ _° A _?; E ..^ BRO .g^
ip c^ . | FAfTS ABOUT H
000 \ '"^<? >r^^g^^VV>^ |$^£^^%: : "->.;"^:^S;^#^^W -yjgk g • oWp
c^)o v^ >4 V/r r »*<y ■' ' "CZT* _ ,~" ''^^S^S'd^ lu-i w Uiie warm water and plenty of siap. Use the best of 2S
o<io 7^^^ z' N^iSSA^/ •,-:•.•:■;■, " " "•' — ■ ;T>>*S^^Si«* •J-it^.jy * Iv '-' —^'»- r ""'^. (5, soap, free from alkali. Rinse thoroughly in c.can water aiKl 3u
ofto //V / • • v 3ss-/ • '"^GJs^iiX (i) dry quickly. Our celebrated Non-shrinking Wool Soap win 3S
000 (f N^T'V'^ ' * ' * :^ r <^ ® bo found valuable. v .r.:. «Vf
Sg xCI 4^ I iere Manufactured. «*>
i■~ (\ i FRISCO'S WASH i The cheaj)er crades are made in America, patterno^
ss V\ Vv^.^-^— -^ r^ krlNLjtJ rS W Ahrl ® Rfter the French designs Ali manufacturer airm Z n . 2c
3C \\ Vv—^ -t::: — -~^fc- * *X.*^-'^^>-r 4-/. ▼ T AX.U 1 JB. ,» chased by us from the French manufacturer direct Srnt' 2£
\\ \^ \ ® land is also represented. ' OCOI - °y|
? AX^>. / GOODS STORE. 1 How Much Will a Dress Cost? ¥
] °V° \ \f< S ttti-^jj,- "•'•/' itrjjr (ft ■'. You will require from 10 to 15 yards of the crmric nnri °X°
1 ofto \^ *lSf'/7 vvash Goods, delicacy here galore. Hundreds of pat- §> about 2;^ yards of lining. We nave imported a Fren 1 3u
; ■ V*X y^<^y terns flit and sparkle in the sunlight of our windows, at ' US, Jaconet'made especially as a Wash Goods Lining. The price oso
!3S \ _ -^-—^vXl^^ the counter and in the shelves. Th» whole store a beauty |j is 10c R yard. :~~— o<>o
\d&> Wjfo^fy^ show. Wash Goods the attraction. Kinks and nubs U Will New Patterns Be Presented Later ? 3S
35' fl^n^ and scrolls and webs and cords and dots and stripes and | No The factories have put forth their best efl ofto
; o^o y «^s circles all in a medley too dainty to describe. As to SJ the introductory patterns. The time to select is now while 3*°
%fc prices, a surprise awaits you. ® the choicest patterns are at hand. ' e°^
S SPECIALS NEW SPECIALS ! SPECIALS ±
$ IN DOMESTICS. WASH GOODS. IN HOSIERY. IN DRESS GOODS.
i2u Hot Specials, every one. We The event of the week. Imported direct from the maker. A list for any bargain-seeker to «<o
| oqo are liv«ly merchants. ponder over. on
IS P n? h >N S maV^u e^rn C rc k 2 9 7 3i C DB^i-«.^s.^^^ I SS& OtC LA sS£| B &£f o^ o^^; 12i° NKW (HK<K-s- A ofnert . woo, $
± 'asfe^iffisr^rr^v...?:. Yard tssrussSdVn^tir'sa a * Sod ™ iue - ci^ pair gf^^^^^ 25 co
o<io CRASH TOWfci.l\(i-liire, una- /«1C HILH " ard o<o
o(>o dulteratcd nai, 15 inches wide: a \J4 CHAI ILLIA.v stki [>!•>. light as air. iadifs- rhii: C'OTTCN lIOSF FANCY ALL-WOOL CHKVIOT- °-°
3>o great offer to-morrow a 1...: Yard but of sterling worth and exquisite io c #veVv rrm.irement of a two-bit stock" i 4° Came Friday; In Wue. green mc |
i§» 0 baS&M^X&Sif^TS 10° toPhrX^&ll^e^ 14 C o. tan nuxtnres; fhe J Urn cifance 40
o/)o I-IBHXKT FOR OTBTAINB-A l/ Dackgronnd Is, a sinking feature. he JV and toes. Special I'air to-morrowat Yard OAO
I o{)o choice lot, 45 inches wiae, in white X*l ri • Bru „„„.,,„., oflo
i coo or ecru ; to-morrow at Yar a . WBVi CHECKS- The most brilliant tr^c oO°
I 000 - v ,,. —:, — : j.; . f .-■ ;>■*.• TT.tir^. effects of the coming seasoi . \\) ZXo h-
' 3vj FRENCH PLAN NELS— Pare wool. fIQC HAWTHORN TIBBTJK, cool and sum- LADIKS' BLACK COTTON HUSK, all very swell; price V ar( Zkgj "
i IAo 8 llelit patterns: the SOcgrade to be _•/ mery, dust proof as steel, strong as a white foot, iHire Maco yarn, high- QQC IX,
: T)U on the counter at Yard linen. delicate as a lace, hair-line ICC spliced heels, etc. A special 10-mor- *-O FANCY CHECKS-A firm, heavy, rrt-n ZX.
! °JC cords and pretty little floral splashea. JO row ... I'air all-wool fabric: arrived FriJay <0 3C
fVf DKESS SATKKNS-a 29-inchcloth 10° 1 price, vrr- Yaid the price will be ._ ..' Vara ±
• °0° we sold for 15c: stripesand ligurea 1" °0°
i °0o on black ground; to-moirow Yard ANEW BLACK SlLK— Brocaded °"°
i oflo 1897 ORGANDIES, blc, bold LADIES' BLACK COTTON HOSE, an black satin flpuresin largt-uesl?ns: Si .00 °fJ°
! 000 nowers scattered over a rich mottled "I re extra heavy superior Maco yarn, nnc a rich, heavy material: one of our 1 - °Q°
: oQo ground, a masterpiece of the French- JO high-spliced heels and double soles — V specialties; price Yar<i °0°
! °V° r*r*T^~* 1 . -r-. mans wit. The price. Yard and toes. The a3i 3 c lot to-morrow at. Fair cAo
; ofto SPECIALS . - FANCY PEAU favori SILK A 5g C ofc
°9° I-.WI/AL.O NOTIONS DE nSL"o?.n K ew™bri"?SttymtS LADIES' COTTON HO.SE, tan or blaci,. big assortment of favorite colors; Yard oflo
IN MOTIONS ».».ftr;n K ew T .rtri ft D . l^ttyir«re LADIES' COTTON HOSE, tan or blacK. a special price toclose. Yard
I coo li liv 1 IVMfc7i lacp stripe makes the openwork pai-' the finest selected and combed Maco QOC PLAIN CHANGEABLE TAFFETA 3u
fT wniTP r>i.-*i>. nrtTTnvs T i,« n( . tern, thespraysof for«et-me-nots and OAC yarn, every pair guaranteed, all OO —Firm, heavy perfect- for wai<it* n-r °\
sLoTTorvr^^-nK,;;. SSSSSSSa^S 25 c aar-ss. A..!5..!5r.-..? 5 1 shawls-* s^cm. s* le . |
000 CH I KFs-swiss embroidered, seal- "I /vC " UcaUlL Yard Aptn ,i v... fi^l«»  Q^,, tt 3»
cOo loped edge; v. bargain; a neap on JU • Actual Dona - fide reductions— 3)o
oflo thecounterat Each jacquakd swis-=— a poet could per- children's black cotton hose, everyone as represented. Bring o«o
I odo „ Tt(r ,,^ j, haps do it pare justice, but our words strong and serviceable, ribbed and 1 QIC this ad for commrison. = s>o
1 oflo HAIRPINS— Not the ordinary hair- AC fail. The small r«t!sed figure woven seamless, sizes 5 to 9y 3 . A special JL^2 one,
| qJU pins, but a superior article; 60 iv a Tt over the charming background of deli- thing to-morrow I'air ALL-WOOL SHAWLS— Iu grays and Xfio
|ojjo0 jjo box logo to-morrow at Box cate shades makes it a combination • O"C browns; large, double size IKI
of indescrioable daintiness. The ZO ■ ' reduced from $7. 50 to 84.00 each 3)o
priCe - Yar <l BOYS' BLACK COTTON HOSE, a BLACK WOOL shTTTi 000
WE BUY JOBS SOMETIMES. tough heavy BC OO stockine narrow 1 2C reJuced'from $4o6Vo"s2"6o"each °5°
AIotofCHANOKABLEMOIRKTAFFETA FRENCH ORGANDIE, the mottled .'ole^n^S^T^price* ilr reducad from SB.OO to l.^Sg facn go
BIBBoN, j'urchased at one-third usual background In perfect unison with • *"* ri ape- iu«u«r^T — it.,,., 3C.
Mta cost: It sells at 35c a yard when you pay the prt-uy floral effects, a fabric that OAC ' BLAV/1 l * MAlfcKh Ml A LS o<>o
; ~JCZ usualcost. The unusual cost to you is for originality of design and Ingenuity *>\) renuoeafrom $5.00 os:!.5O each °<)o
i3C PRr> « "VflyrJ of weave is par excellence. 1 tie price Yard BOYS' CORDUROY RIBBED BLACK reduced trom 8750 to 54.00 each °<»
± (KveryytrFafdct.oSr^). — "' gSS^SKS gTSSa^S 19 educed from ,8.00 to 5 . 00 each g,
coo — DRESDEN TISSUES, more fit foranother on special sale to-morrow at. I'air — ©i)o
oAo . world it seems, as light as a spider's 000
i <=Oo MEET 2£Ej A.T web, as delicate as a lace, stripes and . MEET I/LTS .A.To
000 l»ce cr IOn ,H S m i to dUv with the OAC MISSFS' BLACK COTTON HOSE. The ojrc — .— "-^ o ji
g <//. /? /%> "u P 'sh?n°e aTdX ]g£g?.^ VaHd Lo^a^^^^f^^ -A/ * /£) g
1^ G^OX£XsV7tti MAIL ORDER DEPARTMENT. OUR WINDOW DISPLAYS. Q/fCLC^X/y/ZTj".
|<jo / IINCORPOKATEDj. All goods advertised may be ordered by mail. Wash Goods, of course, are the attractive feature, / [INCORPORATED] °fe
oflo QQ"7 q>ic l\/I^v-I^^4- o+ A well-trained mail-order force here at your ser- bit the Wash Goods Display finds a worthy rival TT:
3^ aOf-y rO lViarKet 01., VICP We <rUI gell yoa anvtbing, get you «ny. in the Mechanical Hosiery Exhibit. A revolving QQV.Q/C; Mfl rLro+ Q+ 3u
% , SAN KKA> rCISCO. i thing or give any Information. "' GX'^^l^Hteleryf-" 11 °' Onr — | ' SAY lslcLc| St "
BEAUTIFUL WOMEN OF SPAIN
/\ Picture of the Gastiliarx Charmers Who
/\re Famed ir\ the j^ealm of Pomar\ce
#™K^PEAK of the women of Spain, and
y° ur thoughts instantly turn tow
*"■»"- ard the region of romance. No
other nation in the world nas won such a
reputation in poetry and song through its
women. Not undeservedly so, either, for
the temperament of the fair senorita is
such as to inspire sentiment. The de
scendants of many distinct races, they
represent every typeol beauty imaginable.
There is a much larger percentage of
blondes and deini-blondes among them
than is commonly supposed ; but the typi
cal Spanish beauty is of course a pro
nounced brunette, with masses of dark
hair, large lustrous eyes, small hands ans
feet, and the carriage of an empress. Her
voice is exceedingly soft and sweet and
her compienon ravishing. But, unhap
ONE OF SEVILLE'S BELLES.
[From a photograph.]
pily, the beauty of the Spanish woman is
ephemeral. She is most attractive 'be
tween the ages of 15 and 25, but after the
latter age stie is very apt to become ex
ceedingly atout. With the lapse of time,
too, her voice loses its melody and be
comes coarse and masculine, and her skin
no longer has a flower-like fairness, but
grows dark.
The young Spanish woman is much
given to stringed instruments, fandangos
and love affairs. Whenever thinks deeply,
because she is rarely educated. Her love
affairs are numerous and romantic. They
must be conducted with great caution,
owing to the extreme watchfulness of her
parents or guardians.
On the busiest promenade of Barcelona
(La Rambla de ias Flores) ihera are a
great number of flower booths. -The
keepers oi them are avowedly tho aiders
of ail love affairs.
It does not take long for a young Span
iard to fall in love. He does not renuire
a six months' acquaintance with a young
lady todiscover wiiether he loves heror not.
He may merely have caught a glimpse of
the fair one at muss; have followed her
home and, concealed near her latticed case
ment, have heard her sing of love, etc,
to the accompaniment of a guitar.
He acts promptly, and. by the way,
there is bat one affair in which a young
Spaniard does act promptly, and tnatis
in an affair of trie heart. He obtains an
impassioned epistle from an escritorio
puolico, or public writer, which is deftly
concealed in a bunch of the fragrant mi
mosa, and with the connivance of a flower
booth keeper it is soon in the hands of the
object of his devotion. The next time
they meet he is rewarded by a flutter of
her fan or a significant look.
His troubles do not end here, however.
The ancient custom of employing duennas
or governesses to keep a watchful eye
upon the unmarried females of a family
still practically prevails. Some mothers
even go so far upon occasions as to lock
their daughters in upper rooms. If the
attentions of the young man are not
looked upon favorably, a ladder is the
only way tc his love, and a romantic flight
by night the last resource.
The fondness of the Spanish women for
dancing is proverbial, and an enthusiastic
writer says : "Who realizes so completely
in every graceful motion and in the superb
sweep of their matchless forms all the
ideal perfection of Hogarth's famous line
of beauty as the Spanish woman."
The lace mantillas of song and story are
still largely worn by women of the lower
and middle classes. The gente fina or
gentlefolks, now very generally take their
fashions from Paris.
The Spanish court, however, has al
ways been noted for its Oriental glitter,
and the state toilettes of Queen Regent
Maria Christiana and the maids of honor
are gorgeous beyond description, being of
every color in the rainbow, and literally
studded with preci&us gems. Ordinarily,
however, the Queen dresses in excellent
taste.
A great hero in the eyes of the fair Cas
tilluna is the bull-fighter. The fact that
the matadors are recruited from the lower
classes does not prevent them from hav
ing many fair admirers, even among ladies
of noble lineage. Not many years ago a
famous matador was kilied in the fieid by
an Andaluslan bull. His trunks, when
opened, were fo^nd to be filled with locks
of hair, ribbons, faded bouquets and love
letters— many ot the latter sealed with
coronets and signed by the proudest beau
ties in the land.
The tremendous excitement in the
higher circles of the court following this
discovery culminated in the permanent
disappearance from the latter of certain
ladies of high degree, and the enforced re
tirement of others to the convent.
C. P. Davis.
THE OEIGINAL OF SAM WELLEE.
An Actor Who May llnvo suggested
Sum Weller to Dickens.
The great scarcity of the early numbers
of "Pickwick Papers" is not difficult to
understand when it is borne in mind that
only 400 copies were printed of the first
part, which was published on March 31,
1888. Before the appearance of the fourth
number there was some idea of stopping
the itsue, as the expenses were found to
be in excess of the receipts. But in the
fifth number Sam Weller was introduced,
and the work at once sprang into un
bounded popularity. While nothing posi
tive has ever been established on the
point, it is held by some writers
that the # original of cam Weller
was a Mr. Samuel Vale, who acted
the part of Simon Spatterdash in a farce
called "The Boarding-house," and made
this character a great popular favorite.
The odd whimsicality of V:ile's novel
comparisons is bet understood on refer
ence to tne part set down to Spatterdasn
in the farce. Among his queer com
parisons are: "'I know the world as the
monkey said when he cut off his tail."
*"I am down upon you.' as the extin
tinuuishersaid tothe rasnlight." " 'Come
on, as the man said to the tight boot "
"I am all over perspiration, 'as' the mutton
chop said to the gridiron." " 'Why
here we are all mustered,' as the
roast beef said to the Welsh rarebit
Vale introduced these popular compari
sons in his private life aa well as upon
the stage, and from 1830 to 1836 ibis style
of expression became widely popular It
is not unreasonable to suppose that Dick
ens became, in a sense, the abstract mir
ror of his time, in catching tne popular
fun and embalming it with his choice
pnraseoloev Of course, it would be the
height of absurdity to char e Dickens
with being a mere copyist, or for one mo
ment to think of Sam Welier as any
other than an orieinal character Dick
ens may have borrowed an idea, but he
certainly made no slavish use of it for
the prevailing Sam Valerism and "tha
monkey that Knew the world" was in no
way on a par with the Sam Weller com-
P iT SC \ n c* £? r ,, exam Je > in describing tha
elder Mr. Weller and the touter as "walk
ing after him like a tame monkey after a
horgin."— Toronto Week.
10,000 yards Kaiki silks, bright shades
25c per yard. City of Pans. ♦
It is estimated that there are 1,300,000
Irish people in Australia.
NEW TO-DAT.' •
pnToTToTrffYTToTroTroTrre
BEDROOM SETS H
ATal«^ t COST
I TO FORCE THEM OUT |
if OLJICK"! V and make ro °in °r
jg V* JIWIVL>¥ for New Goods. 3
U Not enough of these Patterns to 3
U last long, so r\ nn u ■ 3
jo Lion i delay. 3
! p Richly Carved <P 4 a ETA 5
P SOLID OAK Set.....<>l4.i)U 3
E Masrnificent (t^A A A 3
|}o WHITE MAPLE Set •P^W.UU 3
I \° Elegant »<
; U OVAL QLASS Set, £'>'> AA 3
i U French Bevel Piate. . 3>ZZ.V\J 3
; r Superb 5
g OAK Set, with 18x40 CJ^ CA 3
U Cheval Glass yZ&.DV.Q
I U Country Orders Promptly Filled. 3
| M. FRIEDMAN & CO. o
I'C (Occupying? immense floors), °J
| E 223-235.237 POST STREET 3
I U (Near Stockton), 3
IB 130-132131 fIORTOI STREET. 3
>o OPEN EVENINGS. 3
CjLpjLojLPJULOjLOJLOJLOj^
' __^ — — ■ n
| lie most certain and safe Pain Remedy.' Instaatl?
i relieves and soon cures all Colds, Hoarseness, $°
Tbroat, BrouchUis, Congestions and Inflaiuia*'
i tions. CUe per bottle, bold by Druggist*