VOLUME LXXXL-NO. 88.
SPAIN STYLED
A DISGRACE TO
CIVILIZATION.
In Warlike Words Statesmen
Denounce Barbarities in
Fair Cuba.
SANGUILLY'S RELEASE DEMANDED
Senators Allen, Daniel, Frye and Teller Assert
I in Forceful Language That It Is Time
American Citizens Are Protected
Everywhere.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Feb. 28.— "With an apparent disregard of whether the
appropriation bilU still unacted on by the Senate are to be passed at the pres
ent session or are to be relegated to the House In extra session, the Senate to
ay by a vote of £O to 27 laid aiide the Indian appropriation bill, which had
already occupied three days, and took up the joint resolution which had been
reported yesterday from the Committee on Foreign Relations for the immediate
and unconditional release of Julio Sanguilly from a Cuban fortress. It came
up in the first initancs as part of the morning business, the Vice-President
deciding that under the rule a motion to take up-the Indian bill was not in or
der until after the morning business w.«s disposed of, and when, at 1 P. M., the
morning hour did expire a motion to proceed with the Sanguilly joint resolu
tion wan made by Allen (Top.) of Nebraska, and although it was resisted by the
chairman of the Committee on Appropriations, Alii -on, and was voted against
by the chairman of the Committee on Foreign Relations, Sherman, it prevailed
by the vote mentioned. The debate from the first was of a rather exciting char
acter Allen spoke of Spain as "a decaying monarchy, a blot on the map of the
world and a disgrace to civilization. "
Daniel (D.) of Virginia said that Sangutlly had been treated "rigorously,
harshly, cniflly and brutally— in a manner that was a disgrace to thi» country
and to civilization." Ec npuke of an insult having been offered by a Spanish
officer high in authority to the American representative, and said if a fleet had
bern sent to Havana to demand an apology every American citizen would hare
n juiced at it.
When Hale (R ) of Maine read a telegram from Havana stating that San
guilly's appeal to Vadiid had been withdrawn, so as to facilitate hi« release,
his colleague (Frye) denounced that withdrawal as a wicked and unjust act on
ihe part of - angullly's counsel, and declared, with an accompaniment of ap
pause from the galleries, that it he had his way a ship of war would start for
Havana.
lia!«> regarded that outburst as telling the whole story. What his colleague
Hiid • ther Senators wanted was war; but the country wouid not be drawn into
w;*r in rh« »•«! ««v»m dijr« if *»« (Hale) conld h-lp It.
Hoar (R. ) of Massachusetts showed from the committee's own report that
■-.iUKUilly had been only two months instead of Hve y.-ars in the United States
when he took out his naturalization papers, had th»n left the country and had
never returned since, having lived in Cuba for the last eighteen years; that the
naturalization paper* were fraudulent and that >anguilly was no more an
American citizen than I) iniel was a subject of Turkey.
senators lod ;o and Daniel denied the right of the Senate to go behind
the records of the Superior Court of New York, from which the papers had issued.
Teller (Silver) of Colorado characterized the conduct of the ->tate Department
;i- ••pii*i!laiiiiiioii«," and said he ezpecteu nothing batter from the next adminis
tration He declared he would make any power in the world respect American
cit «m, . v.n if it should take all the money, all the ships and all the men the
country had.
Alir .n* hr Senators Hill (D. ) of New York and White (D.) of California to the
incon.l- ■. -.<rr >r Ihtmai (R.) of Ohio, in having the joint resolution reported yei
teidny --.-.-. the hope that the Senate would pan It to-day and then
*.»ting to-d«y against taking it op, brought Sherman to his feet He defended hi«
rote t<»-d«v <»n the ground of the necessity of passing the appropriation bill*, but
still he expressed the hope that after the debate had gone on for some time the
vote should be taken on the resolution.
DETAILS UF TIIE DEHATE.
Senator! Prote.it .4t/nin*t the ShoeKimj
Crueltim in Cuba,
WASHINGTON, D. C, Feb. '25.— When
the Senate met at 11 o'clock thi3 morning
there were lew present, but work was at
once got by dispensing with the reading
of yesterday's journal.
An effort was made by Hoar (R.) of
Massachusetts to have an hour fixed for
taking the vote on the bankruptcy bill, but
objection was made by Jones (D.) of Ar
kansas.
The Vice-President laid before the Sen
ate the resolution offered yesterday by
AJlen(P.) of Nebraska in regard to the
ill-treatment of American citizens in
Cuba.
Allen proceeded to speak upon his reso
• lution. The story, he said, was a long
one and was full of atrocious barbarities.
One of these was the searching of an
i American lady in a public manner and
I nder circumstances of extreme cruelty.
■ Another infamous act was the eathering
[i at little giris in the island of Cuba by
the military authorities and selling them
into the worst species of slavery — selling
tht-m for lives of shame. It had been re
ported. A!!en said, that ir>fa;its had been
taken by the heels an ; hacked to piece*
by Spanish soldiers in the presence of
their f&tl.ers anJ mothers, who were then
mas acreii. In conclusion, he denounced
Spain as "a decaying monarchy, a blot
on the map of the world and a disgrace to
civilization "
Morßan (D ) of Alabama spoke on the
• joint resolution reported by him yester
uay from the Committee on Foreign Re
lations in reference to the case of Julio
Sanguiliy, whom he described as a regu
iarly naturalized cit'zen of the United
states, who had got out his naturalization
p ipers an 1 brought them to Cuba in 1878,
where they were registered in tlie Ameri
can Consulate and where he had resided
ever since. Saneuilly had taken port in
the laM Cuban revolution where he had
i'eeu grievously wounded, but had always
denieu any complicity in the present revo
luiicn. Morgan made a statement of the
facts and circumstances connected with
arregt, imprisonment and
trial.
At the close of Morgan's remarks Allen
*i consented to have his own resolution re
(lerred to the Committee on Foreign Rela
tions with the assuiance from Morgan
that it would be promptly considered and
acted upon. '
The joint resolution as to Sanguiliy ob
tained precedence, and the consideration
of it was continued.
Daniel (D.) of Virginia, a member of
the Committee on Foreign Relation-, went
over the story of the case, notwithstand
ing what he termed "the admirable and
The San Francisco Call
clear statement 1 ' made by the Senator
from Alabama. Daniel said that San
euilly had been treated in a manner that
was a disgrace to this century and civili
zation. Not only that, but the American
Consul had been treated arrogantly by the
Spanish authorities — not only in his own
person, but in his country. He had been
told by a Spanish officer high in authoi ltv,
to whom he had made a most polite and
courteous appeal, that his conduct in pre
senting an intervention in favor of San-
KUiJly by order of the State Department
was a disgrace to the United States and to
the American fl:i;r.
"If that Consul," Daniel declared, "had
demanded his passports, and if the Span
ish Governrm nt had failed to apologize
for that insult to our representative and
to our flag, and an American fleet had
been sent to Havana to dernar.d it, 1 do
not believe there is a sinple citizen of the
United States who would not have re
joiced at it."
"I hope," said Hale, "that before the
discussion ends (and it will not end in
one or two hours or in one or two days),
the Committee on Foreign Relations will
put the Senate in possession of what the
State Department is doing in the way of
release of Sunguily, if that be the object
of the joint resolution."
Diniel— The rttate Department has boen
dealing with this matter, diplomatically,
two years, and two years is iong enough
for this Government to get a United States
citizen out of prison.
"I am unwilling," Daniel declared, in
dignantly, "that an American citizen
illegally detained, shall be subj cled to
any conditions. It is a humiliation to
this country to submit to any conditions
when the power oi any other Government
is exercised unlawfully. If I represented
thia country in any place in which I could
act witli authority, 1 would telegraph
Sanguiliy not to withdraw bis appeal, but
to stand on his rights as an American citi
zen, and that there was enough people in
this country who respect their rights to
see that he was no longer dotained in a
Spanish fortress."
Here Hale read a telegraphic dispatch
of this date from Havana itatinjc thai
counsel for Sanguiliy had tied papers
withdrawing his appeal. "So," Hale com
mented, "(he appeal is withdrawn ana
Sanguiliy stands ready to be pardoned."
At this point Frye (R. ) of Maine, also a
member of the Committee on Foreign Re-,
lations, broke into tne discussion with
the impetuous declaration that if San
guiliy's counsel had done that he had
done an exceedingly wicted and unjust
act toward bit client.
"How does the Senator know that?"
Hale asked.
"I know it from this," Frye answered.
"This man Sanguiliy has bees convicted
SAINT FRANCISCO, FRIDAY MORNING, FEBRUARY 26, 1897.
SULZER DECLARES WAR ON SPAIN.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Feb. 25.-Sulzer (D.) of New York offered
in the House to-day a bill declaring war between the "Kingdom of
Spain and her colonies and the United States of America and her
territories." The measure reads as follows: "That war be declared
to exist between the Kingdom of Spain and her colonies and the
United States of America and her territories, and the President is
authorized to use the whole land and naval force of the United States
to carry the same into effect, and to issue to private armed vessels a
United States commission or letters of marque and general reprisal
in such form as he may think proper and under the seal of the United
States against the vessels, goods and effects of the Government of the
said Kingdom of Spain and the subjects thereof."
The measure was referred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
SENATOR DANIEL of Virginia, Who Advocates the Sending of Warships to Havana to Insure
the Protection cf All American Citizens There.
of a crime, the punishment of which is
imprisonment for life. He has entered
an appeal to Madrid. If that appeal is
withdrawn it is a confession of the crime,
and judgment follows, and he can on.y
escape by a pardon. He loses for him«elf
and for his family all the claims for dam
ages against Spain. That is what Spain
is contendine for. We contend that Ihe
man has been unjustly convicted; that
he has been treate i against international
law and that Spain mu3t deliver him up
to us. And if 1 had my way," Frye ex
claimed dramatically, "a ship of war
would start at once for Havana."
Applause broke out in the galleries, and
was kept up for some time in spile of the
effort of the Vice-President to suppress it.
Hale — My colleague has told the story.
It is not a <ie-i:e to have tois man re
leased which is at the bottom of the mat
ter. What they want is war. Tiiat is
what the Senator wants. I tell the Sen
ator and the rest of the Senators that this
country will not be driven to war in the
next seven nays — not if I can help it.
Hoar (11.) of Massachusetts questioned
the citizenship of Sanguilly and . referred
to conflicting statements oa the subject in
the committee's report.
Daniel replied that he did not feel called
upon to go behind the action oJ the Slate
Department in recogniz ng ihe citizen?hin
of Sanguiliy.
Vilas(D.)of Wisconsin referred to the
fact that San^uiily had sorvel in the Cu
ban insurrection from 1863 to 1878 and
that his naturalization papers bore date
of 1878, so that he could not possibly have
complied with the law requiring hve
years' residence.
Hoar quoted the Revised Statutes and
said it was clear that Sanguilly's naturali
zation papers were fraudulent. There was
no decent pretense to the contrary.
Teller (Silver) of Colorado, declared that
nobody, not even the State Department,
had a rignt to go beyond the record. He
spoke of the conduct of the State Depart
ment as "pusillanimous," and said he ex
pected nothing better from the next ad
ministration. But he prayed and hoped
that the Republican party when it got into
power might nave a little of its old fire
and spirit He agreed with the Senator
from Maine (Frye) who said that he would
send a ship to Havana.
"Mr. President!" he exclaimed, "I
would send every ship we have got. I
would not count dollars by the side of
American manhood. I would make every
power in the world respect American citi
zenship, if it should take all the money
and all ihe ships and all the men that we
have got to do it."
Wlien Teller finished his remarks Allen
(Pop.) of Nebraska alluded to tne fact
that the discussion had been going on lor
the last hour on the Indian bill, and he
moved that that bill be laid aside and that
the Sanguiliy resolution be again taken
np. The motion was agreed to — ayes 40,
noes 27, as follows:
Ayeo — Allen, Bacon, Berry, Blackburn,
Blanchard, Br^wn, Butler, Call, Cameron,
Cannon, Carter, Chandler, Daniel, Davis.
Dubois, QftUinger, Hansbrough, Hill,
Jones of Nevada, Kenny, Lindsay, Lodge,
Martin, Mantle, MilN, Morgan, Murphy,
Pnsro, Peffer, I'r.tchard. Roach, Squire,
Stewart, Teller, Thurstoti, Turpie, Ve-t,
Yoeriiees, Walthall and Wilson — 40.
Noes — Aldrich. Allison, Baker, Bate,
Burrows, Caff-ry. Chilton, Cullom, Gib
son, Gorman, Gray, Haie, Hawley, Hoar,
Joins ol Arkansas, McMillan, Mitchell of
Wisconsin, Palmer, Perkins, Pittigrew,
Platt, Praetor, Pujrh, Quay, Seweli, Sher
man and Wet more — 28.
So the Sanguilly joint resolution was
again taken up formally.
White (D.) of California addressed the
Senate. The action of the Senate to-day,
he said, demonstrated that v was not its
purpose to engage in the business of con
sidering the appropriation bills, but
would consider a joint resolution which
could not possibly pass, or which if passed
could not be effective as it would not re
ceive executive approval.
Hale (R.) of Maine, said that Senators
micht as well understand that if tnis
question were kept before the Senate it
would be fully debited and would sub
stantially confiscate every hour of the ses
sion, leaving many appropriation bills un
passed.
Hili (D.) of New York said that the
premier of the next administration (Sher
man) had reported the resolution yester
day, or had agreed to its being reported,
and he expressed the hope that the Sen
ate would tr.ke it up to-day and pass it.
"I hear it whispered in the rear," Hill
playfully remarked, "that he then voted
against its consideration to-day." [Laugh
ter.] "But lam not going to maice that
statement. If the Senate pass this joint
resolution it may have some moral effect
upon the next administration."
"I differ from the Senator from New
York," said White, "and I hope that the
chairman of the Committee on Foreicn
Relations will not be forced to carry into
his policy as Secretary of State views
which he has announced in the resolu
tion."
Mr. Hill— Why should he not be con
sistent?
"It is within bis power," said White,
pleasantly, "to u*e his own judgment
whether he is to be or not to be consistent
[laughter], and I shall not attempt to
trench upon it or to step within that
sacred circle."
These playful allusions impelled Mr.
Sherman to defend himself. He said:
"Ihe Senator from California seems to
drag me into debate, although I do not
care to enter upon it. I am in favor
cf the joint resolution and I think it
ought. ;o command the unanimous ap
proval of the Senate. I believe that a
cross injustice has been dove to a citizen
ot the United States who has a right to
jsrotection from the President. I am not
in favor of pressing this resolution at this
moment, but it stands in the way of ap
propriation bills, and I have so voted and
will vote again. I trust that after the
debate has gone on awhile the Sen
ate will see the necessity of tak
ing up the appropriation bills and
Datsinu them. I do not think there is
any inconsistency in mat. I hope that
Senators wno are opposed to the resolu
tion will not stand in cbe way of a vote.
It is a great injustice to say that we who
are in favor of the resolution are opposed
to the passage of the resolution. I trust
the time will never come when an Ameri
can citizen can be wronged or persecuted
by any power, great or small. That is the
way I feel now. lam in favor of protect
ing this American citizen, though he may
not be a naturalized citizen. I am op
posed to wr. ng and violence and tyranny,
wherever it is exercised, and when it is
exercised against an American citizen I
will itand up for him, even if I am
alone."
White — Of course, we are all opposed to
wrong and, of course, we are in favor of
protecting American citizens. Ttiis ques
tion can be dealt with by the Senator from
Ohio in ten days from now in less time
than it can be dealt with now.
The rest of the speech was an elaborate
argument for the recognition ot a new
Governrue.it.
Without completing his speech White
OontinucU on Second J^agt.
A POSTOFFICE
FOR THIS CITY
IS DEMANDED.
Commercial Bodies Ask Why-
San Francisco Has Been
Slighted*
LEGISLATORS JOIN IN THE CRY.
Prominent Citizens Will Locate the Responsi
bility for Delay and Make a Vigorous
Demand for Justice for the
People
"The Call" has been showered with compliments for its bold
stand in favor of urging those in charge of the matter to hasten the
construction of the new Postoffice. It is the general belief of business
men and the masses who stop to consider the matter that the delay in
starting the work of building the great Federal structure is a disgrace.
The general opinion on all hands is that the citizens of San
Francisco ought to be furnished with specific reasons why the
apparently inexcusable delay has occurred. The people have been
put off with one flimsy excuse and another, year after year, until talk
of a new postoffice here is in the nature of a chronic joke. In spite of
all the excuses and delays made other cities, many of them very small
ones, have obtained their appropriations and had their buildings
completed since the talk of building here began.
The hour has arrived when this City ought to arouse from its
lethargy. Patience is no longer good policy or good warfare. We
need an organized and an aggressive movement "toward the base
of the pyramids," as old Tom Benton used to say 4 a strong, incessant
and manly demand for justice. It is not a plea for a gift, not a special
request for a privilege that is needed, but a vigorous, and if need be,
spirited and belligerent demand for rights long overdue.
Appeals ftom this City have heretofore been like talking to a
cyclone, but the hour has now come when the representative men and
business organizations of San Francisco have decided to learn just why
these unwarranted delays have occurred.
The Chamber of Commerce has made several strong and patriotic
appeals on this matter in the past, but its demands have gone unheeded.
Petitions to the mysterious power behind the supervising architect's
throne have not been heard. That deaf personage seems to sit as
Phillips said of Napoleon, "wrapped in the solitude ot his own original
ity." He heeds nothing, does nothing and says nothing of any conse
quence. Year after year the same dull, cold ear of the sphinx at
Washington is turned to the anxious waiters and watchers of San Fran
cisco — nothing more. Other postoffices rise, but here delay drags on
without interruption or hope of abatement.
The five principal commercial and industrial organizations of the
City have decided to hold a conference to-day, with a view of taking
immediate and decisive action to learn the cause for the delay in build
ing the new Postoffice. They purpose to go at the matter in a sys
tematic business-like way, and try to locate the blame in a definite
manner. Having done this, the object is to "pound on that one string,"
as Emerson puts it, until the harp gives forth a vibration of certain
sound. If the supervising architect has pigeonholed the plans and
tangled the project with red tape he will be reported and, if necessary,
investigated, with a view of being reprimanded or removed from his
position.
The conduct of the sluggish Democratic administration, aside from
what the Congressional delegation from California has done in the
matter of the Postoffice, has been shameful. In spite of the fact that
the site has been thoroughly tested and approved by local army en
gineers, delays have been attributed to the mysteries of the site when
ever such a spook of an excuse suited the Supervising Architect.
Weary of giving such an excuse, he has at times pretended that the
department was greatly aggrieved over anonymous letters from San
Francisco stating that the site was a bog. Again driven to bay, the
architects have occasionally pleaded rush of business in other parts of
the country, forever putting San Francisco in the attitude of a hungry
mendicant. But the metropolis of the Golden West is about to declare
itself as it has seldom done. The City is weary of receiving "not-at
home" replies to its demands upon its debtor, the Federal Government.
The City's princely contribution to the general revenues is sufficient to
entitle it to stand as a master in this matter, so that those who
deny it justice will feel the lash on their backs. The authors of the
passive policy that has so long inconvenienced the masses have gone
unvvhipped by justice long enough. The hour of retribution is at
hand, and the administration is sure to find such a stir that the just
complaint of the people here cannot be longer pooh-poohed and pushed
aside with impunity.
The entire Union does not afford another such example of neglect
as the Federal Government has been guilty of in the matter of the San
Francisco Postoffice. What is San Francisco that it should be thus
slighted and forever elbowed off into the indefinite future ? Compara
tively few cities surpass it in population and Federal business. Why
should it be slighted and put in a worse position than small towns on
the Missouri River ? The time for action has arrived, and the people
realize that the hour for the battle has come.
LEGISLATORS AROUSED.
A Resolution Requesting the Wash
ington Authorities to Start the
P s.offlce.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Feb. 25.— Had it
not been for a joint rule of the Legis
lature, which is in conflict with the con
stttution of the Si ale, a joint resolution
strongly condemning the authorities at
Washington for not having ordered work
to begin on the Ban Francisco postoffice
building and requesting the Senators and
Congressmen from California at Wash
ington to pursue a course that would
bring about the issuance of such orders
would Lave been adopted with enthusiasm
and without a dissenting vote.
The comprehensive exposition of the
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
situation in reference to the proposed new
Federal building and Pcstoffice in San
Francisco, trat appeared in tit is morning's
issue of The Call, attracted general at
tention among the members of both
branches, and induced Senator Wolfe of
San Francisco to offer the following joint
resolution:
Whereas, There has been inexplicable and
apparently inexcusable delay on the part of
the Federal authorities at Washington, D. U.,
in ordering the commencement of work on
the Postoffice building to be constructed on
the site already purchased at the northeast
corner of Seventh and Mission streets, San
Francisco, and for which there is now $'210,
---000 available for immediate use in the treas
ury of the United States; and whereas, there
is a large number of unemployed men In San
Francisco who hare gathered there from2
aU parts of the St-ite and who are
anxious and clamoring for an opportunity to
earn a living by hottest toil, and who would
be afforded the oppoitunity they desire if this
work were begun at once; and, whereas, the
construction of a new Postoffice at San Fran
cisco is a necessity demanded not only by the
commercial needs of that City and the entire
State, but wiil be a boon to every section
whose mail must pass through that City;
therefore, be it
Resolved, By the Senate, the Assembly con
curring. That our Senators in Congress be in
structed, and our Representatives therein be
requested and urged to take such action as
will cause the proper authorises at Washing
ton, D. C, to issue the necessary orders to
have the work of constructing the San Fran
cisco Postoffice bui. cling begun forthwith, and
be it further
Eetolvcd. That a copy ol tnese resolutions be
forwarded to said Senators and Represeuia
tives in Congress by tht; Secretary of the
Senate.
President pro tern. Flint was in the
chair, and ruled that such a resolution
took the same course as a bill and was out
of order, as it was in contravention of
joint rule 48, which reads in part as fol
lows:
"No bills shall be introduced in either
the Senate or the Assembly after the
fiftieth day of t':e session, excepting rev
enue measures."
Senator Wolfe protested against the
enforcement of this rule, declaring
that it was a violation of constitu
tional rights, as the constitution of
the State provided simply that no
bills shall bo introduced after the fiftieth
day of the session of the Legislature, ex
c?pt by consent of two-tmrds of the mem
bers, without rec.ird to what the characttr
of the bill i-. He then argued as follows:
'iThis is a measure that affects San
Francisco and the people of the £:ate at
large. Wo know that the authorities at
Washington have raaiie preparations for
the erection of a Postoffice and Fedeial
balding in San Francisco. We know
that for years the matter has b«en pend
ing in Congress, but for some reason or
other, which hus never beeu explained,
no action for the actual construction of
the building has ever been taken.
"San Francisco is one of the most im
portant seaports of the country, and in
the past fourteen years has ccntributed
more than $100,000,000 to the treasury of
the United States in tne form of customs
Unties alone. Notwithstanding this fact
she has got a Federal building that would
be a disgrace to a city of one-tenth it*
size.
"I take it for granted that the rule
which has been cited against me was
meda a part of the joint rules inad
vertently, as there can be no question
about its contravening the constitution of
the State and the constitutional rights of
the members of the Legislature. 1 don't
think the members wish to tie their
hands by any such rnle, and I submit
that this matter is of too much import
ance to be thrown aside, as it will be if
the decision of tne chair stands.
"'Another thing to be taken into consid
eration is the fact that there are larce
numbers of unemployed in San Francisco
v;:.o are drawn there during the winter
period from all parts of the State, and this
matter concerns them in that if the Wash
ington authorities can be prevailed upon
to order construction work on this build
ing to begin at once an opportunity lor
work will be afforded t£ese men. The ob
ject of the resolution which I desire to
have considered and adopted by the
Senate is to induce our Senators and Rej
resentatives in Congress to bring about
such action on the part oi the responsible
(iticialsat Washington as will start this
work at once."
Senators Stratton, Braunhart and Dick
inson came to the assistance of Senator
Wolfe, but without avail. The chair held
firmly to hia ruling and said that as long
as the rule stood he felt it his duty to en
force it. He added tiiat he had no per
sonal feeiin<r in the matter and that the
only remedy was to abolish the rule. A
conference committee from both houses
has been appointed to consider the aboli
tion of this rule and will make its report
tc-morrow, which will undoubtedly be in
favor of striking out this rule.
The resolution was returned to Senator
Wolle ana will be reintroduced by him to
morrow as soon as the report of the con
ference committee is adopted.
A-sembiyman Dibble will introduce the
same resolution in the Assembly tomor
row.
In conversation with Senators from all
■sections of the State, it was learned to
aight-that the resolution has their hearty
indorsement and will receive their sup
port on the floor and also their votes.
Among ihose who were particularly
■trong in their expressions in favor of the
resolution and the ideas embodied therm
were: Senators Buila of Los Angeles.
S:rattoii of Alsmeda, Smith of Kern and
Mahoney an i Braunhart of San Fran
cesco. The matter is not looked upon as
one of local importance to San Francisco,
but as one that affects the standing and
welfare of the entire State.
READY TO ACT.
Great Commercial Bodies Will Now
Demand Justice.
The movement to compel those in
official position! to do something toward
starting the work on ihe new San Fran
cisco Postoilice has taken snaps with the
five large commercial end industrial
bodies of this City. It is proposed that
the Chamber of Commerce, the Board of
Trcdo of San Francisco, the California
State Board of Trod*, the Manufacturers'
and Producers' As«ociation ami the Mer
chants' Association shall hold a confer
PRESIDENT SONNTAG ACTS.
San Francisco, Feb. £6, 1897.
Mr. Hugh Craig, President Chamber of Com
merce — Dear Sir:
The matter of the new Postoffice for San
Francisco is largely claiming the attention
of our citizens. No doubt before our repre
sentatives leave Washington an effort should
be made to induce the supervising architect
of the United States to commence work. The
large commercial and industrial organiza
tions no doubt could call a joint meeting
the first part of next week with that in
view.
You are invited to meet with the presi
dents of the Board of Trade of San Francisco,
the Merchants' Association, the State Board
of Trade and the Manufacturers' and Produc
ers' Association at the rooms of the last
named, . at 1:30 P. M. , Friday, February 26,
for the purpose of devising some plan to
carry out this object.
Yours very truly,
JULIAN SONNTAG. •
ence and shall formulate a plan. Under
this plan a monster petition indorsed by
the organizations named will be sent to
the Pacific Coast representatives in Wash
ington, asking them to get the work
started as quickly as possible.
Juiian Sonntag took the initiative yes
terday and hesent out the following letter
to A. A. Wat kins, W T . F. Dohrmann,
Hugh Craig and General N. P. Chipman,
the presidents of the organizations men
tioned:
fAN Francisco, February 25, 1897.
Lear Sir: The matter of the new I'osti.fiice
for San Francisco is largely claiming the at
tention of our citizens. No doubt belore our
representatives leave Washington an effort
should be made.
You are invited to raeei with the presidents
or tUo Board of Trade> of San Francisco, the
Merchants' Association, the State Board of
Trade and the Manufacturers' and Producers'
Association at the rooms of thp last named at
1 :30 p. m. Friday, February 26, for the purpose
of devism? some plan to carry out this object.
Yours very truly, Julian sonntag.
As General Chipmun of the State Board
of Trade is now at his home at Red iiiuff,
Mr. Sonntag tent to htm a telegram ask
ing him to come down to this City to-day.
J. A. Filcher, manager of the State Board
of Trade, stated that General Chipman in-
I tended to come to San Francisco soon
upon other business, and that no doubt
the dispatch would hasten him on his
way.
'l'£be reason forgetting the several presi
dents together at once is apparent," said
Mr. Sonntag. "The time that our Pacific
Coast representatives will remain at Wash
ington is uncertain, as they may leave tne
capital immediately upon the adjourn
ment in Congress. We want to Ret the
matter in shape before they scatter, so
they may present it at Washington and
; u«e all their power to get the work
j started.
"The immediate plan is to bring these
I presidents togeher and outline a ecneral
plan for assembling their respective bodies
in a big convention. Ido not believe that
the people at Washington would disregard
a petition coming from such a source and
< making such a request. A general meet
ing, 1 believe, could be held in the Chum
! ber ot Commerce hall, and in a short time
much could be accomplished. Now in tne
; time to get the work on the Postoffioa
j started, and if the pubhc demand it I
think that their demand wiJl not be dis
regarded."
The mem hers of the Merchants' Associa-
I tion have alwajs b*n at the front in every
' movement for the benefit of tne public,
and the body will no doubt be represented
at the conference to-day. However, b*
j fore takinc definite action President Dour-
Vamos, Near Suda Bay. At This Point the Turkish Troops Were Defeated by the Insurgents Last June.
I mann will endeavor to secure more
! information than he has upon the subject.
Tj this end the association yesterday sent
dispatches to Congressmen James G. Ma
guire and Eugene F. Loud. The one to
Mr. Loud read as follows:
San Francisco. February 25, 18D7.
To Hon. Eugene P. Loud, House of Jiepresenta
j ttves, Wathuigton, D. C: Please write principal
| reasons lor delaying early construction of new
Postoffice. Merchants' Association.
IRISH HAS HIS SAY.
The Naval Officer Tells Why There
Is Delay.
United States Naval Officer John P.
Irish of the port of San Francisco de
clares that the people of this City are
entirely responsible for the delay in stnrt
ingthenew Postoffice building. He ex plains
why the site was chosen; asserts that
Us desirability Is not in question in Wash
ington, and offers some suggestions for
the California delegation calculated to
insure speedy operations upon tne foun
dations for the build in?. He said yes
terday:
"The proposed Federal building; for this
City is not primarily for Postoffice pur
poses. The choicu of a location for it de
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 26, 1897.
pended upon the various uses to which the
building is to be put.
"An act of Congress passed in iBB7 re
quired the purchase of a site suitable for
Postoffice. courtrooms and other Federal
offices in the City of San Francisco. The
entire third floor is for the Federal
courts. The whole second floor is for the
offices of the Surveyor-General, the Regis
ter and the Receiver of the Land Office,
the Pension Surgeon, the navy pay office,
the Pension Agent's office, and all other
Federal offices in San Francisco not con
nected immediately with the Revenue
Department.
"Under the new system of distribution
of mails and the use of s'.reet railway lines
for that purpose it will come to pass that
tne least use of the new building will be
for Postolfice service and the greatest use
Jor other Federal offices.
"At first only $350,00 ) was appropriated
for the purchase of a site. This was found
inadequate and then $SOO,OOO was appro
priated. Finally that was increased a-ain
to the sum of $1,250,000. Then in 1892 the
present site, at Seventh and -Mission
streets, was bought. It was the largest
and cheapest sieht offered. We reported
on 81l the properties offered that came
within the instructions. There were seven
teen in all. We simply described them
each by their dimensions, the price asked
a square foot, and located them on a City
map already in possession of the Congres
sional committee showing the surface,
transportation, the car lines of the City
and the ceuters of trade. The choree of
the site rested with the Congressional
committee and by it was made. But the
President of the United fc-'tat^s, tne Na
tional architect and the Assistant Secre
tary of the Treasury had all seen the
property.
"Because of the courtrooms to be in the
new building it was not desirable to locate
it on Market street, on account of the
noise. It was thought best to have it con
venient to but not ironting on that street.
"The old building now occupied bj* the
7-iostoffice and the so-called appraisers'
building will be given up to the Custom
house and Internal ilevenue offices as soon
as the new bunding shall have been com
pleted.
"My advice is for our commercial and
other public bodie3 and the press of San
Francisco that desire to bring influence 10
bear for the prompt beginning of this
work to proceed not along lines of accusa
tion and fault-finding.
'•The only lault in the whole matter
heretolore hag been in San Francisco, not
in Washington. It would be well to ac
cept this fact and to urge theconsumma-
tion of the project along other lines than
accusation.
"There has never been any unfavorable
report about the proun I. Professor David
son and Colonel liendell made tbenrst
borings and the committee of military en
gineer? made the second. Wh u n Mr.
Crouch, the Assi-tant Fecretnry of the
Treasury, wes out here, lie went with me
to the site and we saw the boring test*.
There Is underlying this whole peninsula
a black stratum of hard adobe mixed with
sand and in it are signs of a prehistoric
vegetation, but it is the hardest thing the
drill strites except rock iiself. When we
were there ihe drill brought up some of
that black stuff, and Mr. Crouch and 1
took samples of it. The next day the
newspaper accounts styled it a foul
smeliing bog.
"Mr. Crouch remarked upon the evident
untrutbfuiuess of these assertion", and
together we put our sample in the grate to
?ee if it was peat, for then it would burn.
It. did burn, but it was into a hard hrirk,
and we sent the specimen on to Wash
ington.
"The first thing that is necessary to the
construction of the new building is, in my
judgment, for Congress to pase an act in
creasing the avjtilabl :ipprjpnation. Ii
is not a wise poJicy to start a several mi:
lion dollar building on a few hundred
thousand dollars available money. It is
poor economy 10 work by little bits and
cause expensive delays whilo waiting for
further appropriation.
"Our delegation j n Congress should
woik for an increase of the available u\>
propriadon. Congress ought to appro
priate about $250,000 now instead of some
time later, and that together with the
$210,000 at present available would be a
si.iticient sum to procoea with and pro
ceed economically. The money has to
come sometime, and nothing is gained by
issuing it in comparatively small sums.
"If this be done under the new admin
istration everything ou^ht to be re«dy by
the Ist ot July for excavation to basin.
Then the Secretary oi the Treasury will,
I feel, bo ready to go ahead provided some
San Francisco 'newspaper does not again
insist thai the site is a bog.
"I received a letter to-dny from the edi
tor of the American Architect in which he
says that the plan lor the Kan Francisco
Federal building was submitted to a num
ber of Eastern architects of eminence and
was very highly approved by all of them.
This is contrary to the report that has
been given out here."
Procrastination Not Right.
Registrar Hlnion— The delay in the
Postoflice matter indicates great neeiect.
The loss of interest on the investment is
one inducement :o do something. If the
Postottice will evsr be a (rood thing it will
b# a. soort thing now. Procrastination is
now the thief of money. Tne interest on
the investment for eight years is >> large
sum.
GREAT BRITAIN
THREATENS FORCE
Salisbury Outlines Her Ulti
matum in the House
of Lords.
Turkey or Greece May Be Coerced
by the Combined Powers
at Crete.
It D' minds That CrMe Ought to R •
main as a Portion of the
Turkish Empire.
LONDON, Exg , Feb. 25.— There was a
iai(:e atienaance of peers and visitors at
the opening of tne sitting of the House of
Lords this evening. Several peeresses
were present and a number of bishops
other than those entitled to sit in the
House of Lords, together with some mem
bers of the House of Commonß, looked, on
from the galleries.
Soon after the House came to order
Lord Dunraven arose and made a formal
request that the Government inform the
House as to the exact situation in Crete
and the Government's negotiations with
ihe powers looking to a settlement of the
difficulties.
Lord Salisbury, upon rising to reply,
was tremendously cheered, and when the
cheering hud subsided he said that a te:e
grain had been sent to the British repre
sentative at the capital of eaci of the
com b:ued European powers, the phrase
ology of which was as follows:
Inform the Government to which you are
accredited that her Majesty's Government
proposes to make the following declaration of
t.^.e policy it intends to pursue, which it be
lieves to be in accordance with that of its
allies:
Urst— That the establishment of administra
tive autonomy in Crete is necessary to the
termlnatiou of international occupation of
thai island.
Second — That, subject to such system of ad
ministrative autonomy, Crete ought to re
main a portion of the Turkish Empire.
Third— That tho Governments of Turkey and
Greece ought to be informed of this resolution.
Fourth— That if either Turkey or Greece
should persist in a refusal when required to
withdraw her naval and military forces from
tne island the powers should impose their de
cision by force.
Lord Salisbury said it did not follow
that the Turkish troops would be with
drawn from Crete immediately. Never
theless the practical withdrawal of her
troops from the Island was a necessary
condition to the establishment of auton
omy, and they would therefore be with
drawn.
The Premier then gave as instances of
autonomous adminimrations the form of
government which now obtains in the
island of Samos, a Turkish possession,
and which formerly prevailed in Servia,
and proceeded lo say he imagined
that ihe powers would require the
Greek troops in Crete to ba with
drawn at an earlier date than the
Tuikisb troops, but he was unable to give
any further details until he knew what
decision had been reached by the powers.
StilJ, it was his belief that the powers rec
ognized the principles he had announced
as Intimating their policy.
Lord Kimberly, who was Minister of
Foreign Affairs in the Cabinet of Lord
Rosebery, said that the statement just
made by Lord Salisbury was one of great
gravity and would require careful con
sideration on his part before he felt pre
pared to make any observations thereon.
The House then adjourned.
The whole incident occupied twenty
minutes. Subsequently the Earl of Kim
berly held a conference with Sir William
Harcourt in a private room.
In the Bouse of Commons the floor and
galleries were crowded with members and
spectators. Shortly after the speaker had
.aken his seat Right Hon. A. J. Balfour,
First Lord of the Treasury and the
Government leader in the House of Com
mons, made a statement similar to the
one made by Lord Salisbury in the House
of Lords, at the conclusion of which Sir
William Harcourt, the leader of the oppo
sition, said that the statement concerning
the Cretnn situation and the methods to
be employed in its settlement, which Had
just been laid before the House, were of
tne gravest character.
It affected the present and future rela
tions of Great Britain with the powers of
Europe, Decides Turkey and Greece, and
its gravity was especially shown in its
last paragraph relating to the employ
ment of force in the even: of the persist
ent refusal of Turkey or Greece to comply
with tiie demands of the powers. He re
quested the Government to fix an early
dale for debating tne matter.
'1 lie Creian situation was about the only
topic of conversation in the lobby of ths
House. The Conservatives, as in duty
bound, upheld the Government's scheme,
but many of the Liberals declared that
Lord Salisbury's proposal would not have
the effect of settling the trouble.
They held that Greece would resist tht
pressure brought against her, or if she did
not half of the Greek army of occupation
now in Crete would desert and join the
insurgents in their warfare against the
Moslems. The insurrection would soon
spread to the mainland, and, in a short
time, tne whole of Macedonia would be
aflame against the Turks.
Francis S. Stevenson, M. P. and chair
man of tne Anglo-Armenian Association,
declared that he believed such a result
would follow the adoption of Lord Salis
bury's proposals and said tha; in so de
claring he voiced the opinion of the Right
Hon. James Bryca, an ex-Liberal Minister
and a well-known writer on international
subjects.
CAMiOT KECaLL <iUJSEK TROOPS.
King George and. Cabinet W-ll Continue
to Attlirrn to Jheir Policy.
LONDON, Esq., Feb. 25.— An Athens
dispatch to the Central News says that
King George and his Cabinet proclaim
their resolution to maintain their present
policy. They declare that it is impossible
for them to recall the Greek troops from
Crete.
The Athens correspondent of the Stand
ard • tele raphs that it is reported that
Colonel Smolentz, Minister of War, has
renewed his offer to resign. There are
signs that the remainder of the Cabinet
are inclined to take a similar step, but any
indication ot retiring from the King's
policy would involve the greatest danger
to the throne.
It is therefore unlikely that there will
he any faltering in fhe highest quarters.
There is doubtless a grim popular deter
mination to follow the sacrifices already
made to the bitter end. An expression of
the exasperation felt a*, the altitude of
the powers was given to-day when 300
volunteers, who had been prevented by
the warships from landing in Crete,
marched through the streets accompanied
by military bands.
It is understood that the note of the
powers arrived to-day and that it will be
presented to the Government to-morrow.
Tn« reply will probably dictated by the
resolution of the Greeks to yield only to
superior force.
The blockade of Crete is now being
strictly maintained. The scarcity of pro
visions is beginning to be felt. The foreign
admirals have stopped ali communication
between the Greek warships and Colonel
Vassos, the commander of the Greek
army of occupation. A Greek gunboat
has undertaken to convey communica
tions from Colonel Vassos to Athens.
VyiiEJt FLEET l-liOTECTHJX
■Moslem Fugitive* Permitted to Depart
J''rom Crete.
ATHENS, Greece, Feb. 25.— 1t is an
nounced here that the foreign consuls of
the island of Crete have placed the plain
and ;he Suda Valley between Akrotiri and
Canoa under the protection of the united
fleets. The Christians at s Selino are per
mitting the departure of Moslems and
i their families and the foreign warships are
taking the fugitives en ooard. Three for
eign warships have taken positions off
Piatania and are watching the movements
of the Greek troops under Colonel Vassos.
SPAIN it DISGRACE
TO CMLIZITIOI
Continued from First Page.
yielded to Allison, chairman of the Com
mittee on Appropriations, who proposed
that a recess should be taken from 6 to 8
p. m., and that the Indian appropriation
bill shall then be taken up.
Hill objected to the latter clause of the
proposition, remarking that it would be
better to finish up the Cuban matter.
Allison felt it necessary to yield and
rather regretfully withdrew the sugg?s
tion as to the appropriation biil.
The House bill to amend the act as to
the appointment of receivers of National
banks was taken from the calendar and
passed without amendment; also the
House bill to better define and regulate
the rights of aliens to hold and own real
estate in the Territories jfjalso the House
bill concerning the delivery of letters in
towns and villages, allowing delivery to
be made by letter-carriers to associations
of not less than twenty persons, and at
their expense.
At 6 o'clock the recess was declared.
The expected continuation of the Cuban
storm did not appear when the Senate
met after the short recess to-night. By
common consent biils were passed to al
low the bottling of distilled spirits in bond
and to prevent the importing of impure
and unwholesome tea and the discussion
of the Indian bill was resumed.
Senator W. ite had the floor when the
Senate took its recess and would have
continued to-night had it not been appar
ent to the friends of the Sanguilly resolu
tion that if the debate on that subject was
renewed Wtiite would talfc until a quo
rum disappeared. For this reason the
recular business was proceeded with.
It is the understanding that to-morrow
rrorning, when there is a lull attendance
of Senator*, the resolution will be again
called up by its friends.
At 11:10 p. M. the Senate adjourned un
til to-morrow, leaving the Indian bill
still unfinished. _
HILL LOSE yo TIME.
Members of the House Committed Heady
for the SanauilliJ Case.
WASHINGTON, D. C., Feb. 25.-The
House Foreign Affairs Committee to-day
agreed to a substitute for the several reso
lutions that had been referred to it calling
on the President for all the information
not previously sent to Congress, bearing
upon the arrest, imprisonment and ill
treatment of American citizens in Cuba.
The substitute was adopted without divis
ion.
It was also agreed ihat a special meet
ing of the committee should be called to
consider the Sanguilly case as soon as it
shall be disposed of by the Senate Com
mittee on Foreign Relations.
In the House the resolution agreed upon
to-day by the Committee on Foreign Af
fairs, calling on the President for the cor
respondence relating to the arrest and
punishment of American citizens by the
Spanish authorities in Cuba, was pre
sented by Hitt (R.) of Illinois and
agreed to.
SAAGUILLI'S riRBOX SIGS B.V.
Ihe War Talk 3ta» Hare Hastened the
A nu nit tier tne nt.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Feb. 25. -Sen or
de Lome, the Spanish Minister residing
here, states to-night that he has received
an official cablegram from Madrid that
the Queen Regent has signed the pardon
of Julio Sanguilly. The further state
ment is made that the action was taken
by the Spanish Cabinet last week and will
"be published officially in the Madrid
newspapers to-morrow.
The telegram conveying this information
to Senor de Lome is signed by Tetuan, the
Spanish Minister for Foreipn Affairs.
CUXSUL LEX < OXGKA.TULA.TED.
By Hit Patriot c Stand Some of the In
famy It i lon red. '■''■'■ h
NEW YORK, N. V., Feb. 25 —The fol
lowing is a copy of a telegram sent to
General Fitzhugh Lee to-day:
•;. v : New York, Feb. 25, 1897.
General Fitzhtwh Lee, Havana: The Cuban
League of the Uuitcd Slates, representing the
unanimous sentiment of the American people,
cordially congratulate you for your patriotic
stand. It redeems our country to some degree
from a load of infamy Imposed by some of its
leading officials. Ethan all ex.
President Cuban League of the United States.
DID GENERAL LEB JtESIGA?
Rumor* of a Lurid Suture Floating at
Washington.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Feb. 25.— The
statement was made on the floor of the
House to-day on authority of a prominent
Southern Congressman that Consul-Gen
eral Lee had resigned his office. The Con
gressman stated that he bad seen the dis
patch from the Consul-General at the
State Department and Secretary Olney
had requested that official not to press the
resignation until after the end of the pres
ent administration.
The dispatch i:i question was received
at the State Department either Tuesday
night or Wednesday morning. Govern
ment officials, however, continue to deny
that General Lee's resignation has been
received. Confidence is expressed that
General Lee will be found at his post up
to and including March 4. It is sai ! that
General Lee in cabling ihe State Depart
ment last week in regard to the Ruiz and
Scott cases closed as follows: "If I am not
supported my usefulness here will end
and I had better be recalled."
This, it is thought, may be the dispatch
from which the resignation stories have
arisen.
Rumors of various descriptions have
been floating about Washineton to-nignt,
the most sanguinary of which was one
repornng the assassination of Consul-
General Lee. Joined with tbis and other
sensational reports was one that the War
Department was exercised about a prompt
readiness of troops in the Southern States,
and had address-eel the respective South
ern State aujutant-generals accordingly.
At least, one of these military fanction
aries has announced that there was '-noth
ing in it."
GBXEHAL i«« TO OZ,IiEY.
Text of the Can*ut'* Telegram Askina
. for Warships.
NEW YORK, N. V., Feb. 26 —The Her
ald this morning prints the following as
tha text of the dispatch sent by General
Lee to Secretary Olney ou Monday last:
O'.ney, Washington: Have demanded release
of Scott, American citizen, who has been kept
In prison ana incommunicado without due pro
cess of law eleven days. Trust you appreciate
the gravity of the situation and are prepared
to sustain me. Must have warship imme
diately. How many ships have you at Tampa,
Key West and southern waters, and are you
prepared to seed them here should it become
necessary? I cannot and will not stand an
other Ruiz murder. .. Lee, Havana.
GOMEZ <iAI*S A. riClOHt.
Details of a Big liatile That the Span
iard* I tied to Suppress.
NEW -iORK. N. V.. Feb. 26— dis
patch to the Sun from Havana say?: The
estate of Juan Criollo, near Arroyo
Blanco, in the province of Santa dura, is
becoming famous in the history of the
Cuban revolution.
Besides the great victory General Gome:
won there on February 1 over Colonel Ar
jona, the Cuban general has just obtained
in the same place the most important suc
cess of the Cuban army since the revolu
tion began.
The last battle was very hotly con
tested and the battlefield extended to an
other estate called La Reforms, adjoining
Juan Criollo ou the west. The battle
was fought six days ago and the
utmost efforts of the Spanish authorities
in Havana have been exerted to suppress
all news of the engagement, but now that
private reports have reached this city giv
ing full details of the Spanish defeat, the
ujiual official report has been puolished
claiming a victory.
From the very text of the official report
it is easy to see what a disheartening
effect the news has had upon the an
thormes. They confess that Generals
Gasco, Segura and Ruiz, each at
the head of a column, had to
join forces for united action against
Gomez, and they assert that the result of
their alleged victory is that Gomez is in a
difficult position, being unable either to
force the trocha to the east or invade the
province of Matanzas to the west.
A long cable dispatch from the Marouis
of Ahumadato lhe Dufee of Tetuan and
General Azcarraga is said to describe the
situation as it actually exists.
The Duke answered immediately, ask
ing for details and a few hours later the
well-known trick of turning defeats into
victories was played in the form of enthu
siastic congratulations from the Govern
mentto Generals Gasco, Segura and Ruiz
»nd, in general, to the army.
The facts derived from the best nnd
most reliable sources are as follows-
General Gasco, at the head of 1500 men
met General Gomfz about 1 o'clock in the
afternoon on the estate of Juan Cri
Gomez was inarching toward tn e •
with3'Joo men. c - ;
Tu.> lear inspired by Gomez's nac
among the Spanish and Ms numerica
advantage caused General Gasco to c^ t
orders to retire, while his rear guard waX
instructed to keep up a show of ii-htintf
to prevent the Cubans from to rapidly
pursuing.
But Gomez spoiled this little plan by
ordering his cavalry to advance rapidly
on the flanks of the Spanish column and
attack Gasco on both flanks.
When this move was observed by Gasco
he ordered his column to form a square
and stand with fixed bayonets against the
Cabf»n cavulrv.
Gomez's cavalry and infantry then be
•»an to fire on the compact body presented
by the Spanish square. The advantage
to the Cubans was tremendous as
they had less mass to the volleys
of the Spaniards and as soon as
the latter sought to leave the
square and deploy themselves in guerrilla
order, the Cuban cavalry attacked them,
obliging them to take up their forraer po
sition. The fight had been in progress
two hours and Gjsco bad already lost
more than 100 men killed, when General
Segura apeared with a column oi 2000
men from the direction of the estata i,a
Re for ru a.
Fortunately for Gomez the Spanish re
enforcement came from the west and not
from the east, or otherwise he would have
been himself caught between two tires.
Segura advanced resolutely against tie
right side of the Cuban cavalry, obligir.^
Gomez to withdraw the two lines with
which he was attacking Gasco. Tha
Cuban cavalry then formed in one body to
the left and the infantry faced the fire of
Segura's troops.
AH this was on the' main plain of the
estate of Juan Criollo, and the odds ap
peared then to be against Gomez, who hail
begun the battle with 3000 men againsd
1500. but was now facing 3500 men, of
whom Segura's column was composed of
fresh soldiers just entering the field.
±$ut unexpectedly for the Spaniards the
Cuban artillery, whicn Gomez had not yet
called into action, began to fire from the
higher of the two prominent bills on the
estate. The dynamite gun, which in the
earlier battle ot Juan Criollo was not very
effective, now did splendid work.
Three shells exploding in the ranks of
Segura were enough 10 throw the Span
iards into confusion, blowing up, as they
did a whole company of fifty men of the
Spanish forces, hailing from Los Villas.
Gasco was then on La Retorma estate,
having taken advantage of the engage
ment between Segura and Gomez to re
tire to that place. Then Segura's forces
also retired to the same place, severely
harrassed by Gomez. Seeing that the
forces of Segura were also defeated, Gasco
sent messengers to the west asking heJp.
While both the Spanish columns were
trying with all their might on La Reforma
estate to get the better of Gomez, General
Ruiz came to their aid with 1200 more
men.
At the approach of these further Span
ish re-enforcements Gomez retired to the
Juan Criollo estate, ioince the battle of
Peralejo was fought, when Maceo routed
Martinez Campos, no other battle so im
portant has occurred in the Cuban war.
J>OES AOT TEA.U A STRAIX.
The Epoca Speak* About the Killing of
Jiuiz
MADRID, Spaix, Feb. 25.— The Epoca,
in an article discussing tbe Cuban situa
tion as affecting tho relations of Spain
with the United States, alludes to the kii!
iiie of Kicardo Ku z, an A mprican rilizeu
in a Spanish prison in CiiDa, and says:
"The Ruiz affair cannot assume the pro
portions oi international importance.
Spain is ready to punish any persons who
shall be proved to have ill treated Ruiz,
and the friendly relations between Spain
and the Government at Washington pre
clude any diplomatic strain over the
matter.
msm Hudyan
Curss
||§&' *iF? p(w£ If you aresufter-
B^j^'S'^iJy k^ ing with pains in
H ■<*». tfMJy^k Qe small of yourj
g back, also pains up
ing with pains in
H&S--<~/s<^J|ij eacn side of back-!
JP§|§Jl||?s/^^ the great cure is thei
EB^^sr.felrfg Hudyan Kemedyl
Treatment. If you
have dizziness. Dal-
jEi^^kn blood, faintness, the
HJSIij YOU CAN
get Hudyan only
lrom the doctors of Hudson Medical In-
stitute.
Kudyan cures falling sensations; Lost
Manhood, Nervous Debility and diseases
and disabilities of man. Hudyan is to be
had only from Hudson Medical Institute.
CIROUIiARS FUXJXi
Ri nfin Pfl'Sfl* First, secondary or
OLUUU OU.I tertiary form of Blood
ri nnn pnisn^ p ° is ° n cured *'** the
DLUUU rUIOUI so-day cure. Consult
Rl n.in PJVt^fiy Hudson doctors free
DLUJU rUiOUtl or write for
30-DAY CURE
CIRCULARS. .
Hudson Medical Institute
Stockton, Market and Ellis Sis.
DD HO UFO FOR BAKBER& BAIt
85 1 1 H r S 6 "' bootblacks. bats-
VIIUVIIkO houses, billiard - tables,
Brewers,^ bookbinders, candy-makers, canners,
ayers, nourtnills, foundries, laundries, P»P"-
Dangers, printers, painters, shoe factories, suol«-
-men, tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, etc.
«rmh Manufacturers. 609 s*«rainento3t«_
DR.MCNULTY.
THIB WKLL-KXOWX AND RKLIABLE Op
x fc>l(e<-iaiisteur« Private,Nervous,»!oodand Skin
iJisoiues of Men oiittr. Manly Power restore<l. Over
-o>ear» "Perleuce. Send for Book, frfe. Patients
)» i .« \,l lonl * > - Terms reasonable. Hour^. 9 to
S; 6:J() toB.Joev'cs. .Sundays. 10 to 12. C«>nsultn-
nonireoands:icredlyconfldential. Call or address
„„, 1». ROSCOE McJIIJLTT, M. »-. 1
20.'^ KeaiHjr ,Stif»t, Nan !'rsnci>ru. C»I. j
l« . , ■ "PAX £ N TS* 3
NOTARY PUBLIC.
riHAKLKS H. PHILLIPS. ATTOJtNJBY-AT-
V Low and Notary Public, 638 Maricct s:., opp>
•UePaiace Hotel., Telephone 670. Kesldence XWJ
ted ati-tet. U'elephouu - Vino " '^SVi. •THE GOVERNOR'S
SECRET SERVICE
A Motion Lost to Decrease
the Appropriation
One-Half.
Another Financial Scandal Has'
Sprung Up in the
Assembly.
Friedlander's Connection With the
• Contested Elections Committee
at $5 Per Day.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Feb. 25. — The
appropriation bill reported by the Com
mittee on Ways and Means was under con
sideration in the Assembly this afternoon,
when and the item was reached allowing
the Governor $10,000 for his secret service
fund for the next two years an evidently
concocted attack was made upon it by a
few Republicans who have been interest
ing themselves particularly to obtain the
appropriation of $75,000 needed for the
Stat« Frintins Office.
Melick of Lancaster, whose smile is as
eternal as the sun that bakes the sands of
his home on the Hojave Desert, pleasantly
moved to cut down the appropriation to
. $6000. He made no explanation at the
lime, but smiled and smiled and remained
. a Me:ick still.
• (ivy of San Diego, chairman of the
A\ ays and Means Committee, defended
the item in the bill. The State Controller,
who was aware of what had been done
viih the original appropriation of $10,090
made two years ago, baa estimated that a
similar amount would be required for the
Governor's secret service during the next
twn years.
Valentine of Los Angeles inquired of
. Mr. Gay what had been the occasion of
making $10,000 necessary, and Guy re
piied that the secret service fund had been
used by the Governor for the purpose of
investigating crimes, and the executive
was not required by law to make any ac
count of the fund to any one.
-Meuck smilingly remarked that the
Governor had sent a private detective
down lo Kern County to look after the
coyote scalp breeding industry in that pro
irle reaion. "I don't wonder at all that
the Governor says he needs the money,"
continued Melict, "and I am noi wiiiing
lo Bhove $10,000 into any man's hand just
because he says he needs it."
Caminetti, rushing to the rescue of the
G ivernor, said that the work ol experts,
paid ou-t of the secret fund, had saved the
6 ate $100,000 within the last few years.
■'Ware have they saved $100,000?" in-
quired the smile from the desert.
'•In sending experts to investigate and
report as to the expenditures made by
various boards and commissions, and com
pelling them to comply with the iaw,"
responded Caminetti with a sweep of his
Land as broad as his statement.
L.'avitt of Alameda, who last night re
commended the Governor to the tender
mercy of fcihanaban and was rebuffed
theretor as a politician, hoped that the
amendment would be adopted. He be
lieved :n placing in the hands of the Gov
ernor such a sum as would enable bim lo
hire a good expert and send him around
the country. The proposition was to pay
$10,0(0 mio a fund without compelling
any one to account for it.
Melick came to the front again. "While
it sounds well to say that $100 000 was
' saved bj the use of this secret fund I
th:nk it is more sound than anything
else," he said. "The State Board of Ex
aminers has an expert whose business it
is to look into the accounts of these offi
cial?.
ishanahan started in to explain that the
appropriation was needed, when he was
li.skf.-d by Leavitt whether he knew t. at an
expert had been employed and paid out
01 tue Governor's secret service fui:d.
"1 know nothing as to that, sir," re
plied Snanahan, With great dignity. "I
presume that the expert employed to in
vestigate thos** institutions has been em
pioved by the Governor."
"It has been intimated," said Guy, "by
one of the gentlemen that he didn't be
lieve that so large an amount should be
placed in the hands of any one person
without requiring him to account for it.
.If i' is not proper that the Governor
should have $10,000 for fear that he might
misuse it the same objection coum with
equal force be applied to $5000. I have
been informed that three or lot.r of the
jnost notorious criminals now in thp pene
tentiaries have been oetected by the u«e
of this fund. 1 have the utmost confi
dence in the discretion and integrity of
the Governor in us;ng this fund."
Va. online of Los Angeles nsked whether
the appropriation had been subjected to
the surne ■ orizontal cut of 10 per cent as
he understood had been the case with
other appropriations.
Guy explained that the salaries and
c mpensation of officers had not been
touchea at all.
:j!e spoke warmly in favor of the
$10, (XX) appropriation, and Leavitt took tne
•floor again atxl asiidi whether the fund
Jud not been $GojO previous to Governor
Budd's inauguration, after wnicn it had
bt-en.increa-ed to $10,000.
In re? jonse to a question Guy informed
Dibble thai the Governor himself had
asked for the $10,000 appropriation.
Cutter spoke in tavor of the appropria
: ton. I; it were cut down, he said, many
people would think it was done through
.revenge lecause o: the attitude of the
Governor toward the State Printing Office.
The amendment wa< defeated by a viva
voce vo;e, Valentine's "no" b ing the
omy negative heard.
Another scandal has cropped up in the
Ar-aeinbly, this time, however, not involv
ing nther t c iion.or or the jud"mentof
the members. A. A. t riedlaude" a San
trumisco attoriic-y, i s lne , arty invc.lved.
He was appointed sen.-eant-at-arms of the
Contested Election Committee when it was
lnve-ugatmg the Hovey-Power contest
After returning from San Francisco and
drawing nis week's pay and mi.eaee,
amounting to $o*. he up plied to the Con
trolerat the end of the second week for
the s-'fo:ifl week's salary, 'i he Controller
sad Fnedlauder was not on the roll and
not entitled to any more pay an.i insisted
that Friediander's payment uad b?en only
lor one wees. Friedlunder afterward
brought him what purported to be a certi
fied copy of an appointment on file with
the clerk of ihe Assembly. The document
stated that Fru dianaer had b?en aptr.int
ed sergfant-at-arma to tlie Contested Elec
tion-! Committee with the au.hori y;\>f
Speaker Coombs at a per diem ot $5 and
wa« signed by Chairman Kenyun.
Kenvon stateJ that he had Mgned the
appointment, but ti. at the statement that
(Speaker Coombs had authorized the ap
jiointmpiu aii'l the words, ''at a per diem
of $5," had been added by some one afier
Ke ivon had sgned it.
Friedlander made the following state
• meut to-night to a Call reporter: "On
January 14 1 stoke to Speaker Coombs
about being appointed on the permanent
roll, having been recommended by several
persons standing high in the ranks of the
Republican party, and was told then that
there was no vacancy, but on pointing out
the necessity of an 'assistant sergeant-at
arms who could be attached to the Com
mittee on Contested Elections Coombs
then told me to get the signatures o' the
majority of the committee, which I did.
1 t en presented my application to Chair
man Kenyon, who took it to Coombs, and
X -nyoa then told me that Coombs vaid
that if he thought it necessary he oculd
have his permission to make ilie appoint
ment, which Kenyon did. I went to San
Francisco with the committee on the
Hoey vs. f over contest, and was paid for
serv ces from the 14th to tke 21st and have
served ever since at every rueetins of the
committee. Some few days a o, after the
last content was heard, and thinking the
committee would meet no more, 1 asked
Kenyon ;o sign thai part which reads to
ihe effect that he had made the appoint
ment with the consent of the Speaker,
which he did. The assistant clerk noti
fied the Controller and sergeant-at-nrms,
and when the Controller ?ta:ed that the
p?r diem had not been tix d 1 ndiied *f5
per diem,' which was the amount 1 baa
been previously paid.
"Tnere was no forgery, for the whole
thing is written in my owr. handwriting
and iv possession of the House for inspec
tion. It is only another case of a chance
to discover a 'mare's nest.'
"I am ready for any kind of investiga
tion, and if Lhe Assembly can afford the
time and expense, I am just as anxious as
Mr. Coombs."
T:ie foregoing statement was given the
reporter in writing by Mr. Fnedlander.
He added verbally: "I would like to
have ar. investigation, and if mere is one
the newspapers will have plenty of good
items. I'll warrant that Speaker Coombs
won't co back to Japan unless he goes as
an interpreter."
is 6£;.\Air. Axn assemhlx.
Jhe Governor's Secret Service Fund to
He Kept Up.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Feb. 25. — The
Senate his morning amended Hall's bill
to establish a free market on the water
front of San Francisco, so as to prevent
commission merchants or middlemen from
establishing stalls in the market and pro
viding that only fruit and produce can be
landed at the wharf intended for the mar
ket.
Hill" were passed providing for the con
struction of sidewalks on county roads;
repealing the act to establish a code com
mission; relative to boulevards in cities
and repealing a tax on the issue of stock
certificates.
The Senate this afternoon passed as
amended the following AssemDly Dills:
Protecting all citizens in their civil and
legal rights; requiring administrators to
make a return within thirty days afier the
sale of property of an estate; prohibiting
the aeceptine and holding of private de
posits of money or other valuables in
county treasuries.
Godfrey's bill tlxin? property exempt
from execution was refused second read
! ing.
Mahoney's Senate bill prohibiting the
burial of the daa>l within the limits of
cities of over 100,000 inhabitants was lost.
Senate bills providing lor county boards
of horticulture and fixing laws relating to
State Normal schools were parsed.
On motion of Baila the rules were sus
pended, and Dibble's two printing bills
were ta&en up out of order uni read the
first and second lime. The bill appropri
atinc $40,000 to pay the deficiency in the
printing funds incurred at the time of ap
proval of the bill was amended by strik
ing out all referenco to a deficiency, and
sent immediately 10 print.
The bill appropriating $35,000 for the
support of the printing office until the
end of the fiscal year was passed.
A resolution from the Assembly pro
viding for a reception to be given to Hon.
Joseph McKeuna in the Assembly cham
ber on Friday night was adoptfd.
In the Senate o-nietn the printing bill
j appropriating $40,000, having returned
j from the printers after being amended,
; was taken up out of order ami passed and
! sent immediately to the Assembly.
Woll sought tr. introduce a concurrent
| resolution directing the Senate and As
i sembly to take such steps as thought
I necessary to force th" commencem nt of
work on the San Francisco Poatoffice
building inimedia:elv.
Flint, who was in the chair, dfc'ared
the resolution out of order, holding that a
concurrent resolution vonld have to take
the same course as a bill, and that the
I time within which it couid have been in
; troduced naif elapsed.
Wolf moved to chanae the title from
j concurrent to joint resolution. This was
; also declared out of order on the ground
: that tn ' matter was not of the nature of a
i joint resolution. Toe second reading file
| consumed the rest of the evening.
At this morning's bession of the As
sembly the Committee on Rules reported
a temporary rule under which the general
! appropriation bill is to t>e considered each
day between 3 and 5 o'clock. Adopted.
L. D. K°lscy was seated in tUace ot Me-
I Laurin after a wrangle. While Kelsey
j was at the desk taking the oath Irately
shouted, "Tois is a steal." L-'avitt in
sisted that these words should be taken
down, which was so ordered.
A communication from the State Board
of Examiners requesting that the State
Printer b<» eiven. by the Legislature, the
sum of $40,000 to pay labor bllia now due
employe", was referred to the Committee
on Judiciary, a sub-committee of which
I will meet the G >vernor at noon with a
! similar sub-committee from the Senate.
The series of four proposed new road
law-> were passed.
The Assembly this afternoon took up
the general appropriation bill for s oonil
reading. The item appropriating $10,000
for the Governor's secret serv:ce laud was
debated for some time, Leavitt. Valentine
ana others seeking to cut it down. The
item was finally allowed to stand. Carai
netti proposed nn amendment to the item
appropriating $12,800 for salaries of clerks
in the Secretary <>f State's office, cutting
the amount to $9G)O. The amendment
was adopted.
The Assembly to-night pas?ed the fol
lowing bills: Amhorizing the employ
ment of draughtsmen by Recorders in
counties and cities of the 6tsl class; ap
propriating $,">OOO lopay the c aim of Sarah
H. Wing, « tio-e luisb.nid was killed by
■ tne accidental discharge of a rifle in the
hands of a Natioiuil Guard«m:t i during
j the strike; appropriating $15,000 for a
sewage - pr.mping plant at Folsoni
prison to prevent *ewaee from reach
ing the Sacramento River, thence to
Sacramento water mains; establishing
usluni: laws in recard to season* and the
use of nets; requi las pawnbrokers to
give bonds and furnish daiiy reports of
i b isine** transactions to the Chief of Po
| Jice or Town Marshal; appropriating $10,
--000 for the improvement of Salt River,
Humholdt County ; iixine laws regardinc
the Haruor Commission of the port of
Eureka; apnroprinting $4000 for the erec
tion of an additional building at the Chico
Normal School.
Senat- messages w.-re taken up out of
order for the purpose of considering the
printing bills passed by the Senate this
afternoon.
The bill appropriating $35,000 for the
remainder of the fiscal year was ordered
enrolled and the Senate amendment to
$40,000 bill was indorsed.
Caminetti congratulated the majority
on their acceptance of the situation. Em
mons asked permission to introduce a
bill providing for an additional Judge for
Kern County. The roll was called on sus
pension of the rules and permission was
granteJ.
Ao Jitii* to Inrenttgate.
SACRAMENTO, Cau, Feb. 25.— There
will be no investigation by the Finance
Committee of the Senate in reference to
the coyote scalp claims bill, which calls
for an appropriation of $287,000, and the
same will be reported favorably to the
Senate to-morrow.
When the members of the committee
undertook to hold the proposed investiga
tion they did not have a clear conception
of ihe immense amount of labor and time
that would be required to carry out the<r
purpos*.
This they discovered when, by virtue of
th« power that had beeu granted them by
the State, tLey subpenaed Secretary Mark
ley of the State Board of Examiners be
THE SAN FBAXCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 26, 1897.
. . __ NEW TO-DAY— CLOTHING.
A WAG E- WORKERS'
•FESTIVAL !»
. _ 1 ; — , , : _.^s»^,^^*^-_— _: .
A Two Days' Fete in Which the Whole Public is Invited
to Take Part.
/PPSSliliisil^i E^§§S>J f'^MSLlk £ jffijßßl I & annals of commercial his- <* I__ JR
l^^^^-^^^^^^_s ffi^ I f tt^^Br I ffltf gtory as two of the m,),<b re- s — -^7ji~~^r ' — 'Z ======:: ' =-
i(§=§§^~^=~ -^ == Ziy^-= :::=:=z 111 !\ I* s f or Friday and Satur- 2 zrzz~ \ m ~M %B
W?-^ 1 =^EIZ~ ' " / P V ) oday; the loss to us is going * /^&"k \ #—-—^3 W
ff\ /f^( w^+Z^^^^^^k I— 1/ \\ \° values will be the greatest <H oT? jCZ^M W^
\ /// r^^^fi^f^ V^\ \\ ' Zthat we have ever offered. 5 \ ~^^ >A^^SB
J -: —^ pf y,] 4J Hi •'I I \ >o This sale n-UJ- In* made "p^i \ \ kT^ r=.
V/f \^ — v i /^Jih'iWA ivii \i\ \ \ entirely of high-class goods, M \- ] w\ — -
/ 2^r/iC^E\^ \ \ I tailor-made^ - / fvV^^.~~~~^— — r
$sf /^ n •*S r ?&///^\J?l^ \ Two days are enough of it
AmJ=S^W I L V J h\\ ■ % for us and two days ought** r-^4p — r7 (/ \fiJ \\V
rpi^S" \ I^^G^ S- ' \\ I Etogiveyouaniple opportun-3 % H7 ,#* [/ /jM \\\
/^^t?Vr \1 I fcity to dress for a year to* / — \ 1/ //\ll jAJ^ l 4p\ I\}
m f^)W^\ \\ I ' 1° It's asking you to come to% iaC^' I is A\ )i / y
7/k^' /\ \¥k n^i tv»^ \ \ £ the big store and take some « \^ |V'/ Cll 1 *
-^ y\ F/m\^ a\\>\ 7 I \\j [0/ lG choicest goods at 3 i *-^ I ]^>. 1// «^^
* ia ™ l— w^ mM mmiSM^^^a^mmmmmmmmd v i \»J\ to prices you would be ashamed 3 i V^f 1/7 \.«>*
/^ V**jft*Ls <£^ # I 1" We C "u-ill be open FridayS V \/J
Vr ** *▼ ' |o even i till £ o'clock and on 3 V^ v y
The biggest treat we have ever offered you. g Saturday till 10:30. <* Ars - -S
Some 2000 Suits and Overcoats, cleverly made, in stylish g The man that misses it% Those natty Serges in double and single breasted sacks, in
grays. Oxford mixtures and plain colorings, excellent garments. C misses the golden opportun- 3 blice and black and a pretty shade of brown. The Overcoats are
They're cleverly tailored, made right in the 'height, of fash- 1° it y of his life. oj beauties, made with deep velvet collar, in all colors, serge lined,
ion, neat, natty and. dressy. Nothing, ails 'em. They're what Cj>_fl_<tff_<n> pgo 00 poggpooo 00 so s" ■ These garments are the very pink of perfection ; they' re swell,
you'll pay in other stores in Frisco : $10 for, and they're good natty, Spring like, in light, dark and medium shades; $12 in
value at that. .\, . -^.^ • most stores, $ 10 in some. Friday and Saturday at the Bi<s Store
Friday and Saturday a the big Kearny -Street Store at ■ and a liberal pick at
— $3.75 — -f5.0O —
Some 1800 *?*k
pairs of Trows- \-*.m
ers in fine Wors- '\^l
teds and All- Jl^i--
Wool Cassi- /^SJLIJ
Di errs, in vent / Jjjßm \ \
stripes, in blue, /^S^]L j^\
black and faii-l/—^jf£§£. -<• A
cy; the IHnd^^W^yjfc)
that other stores JT V/
are getting $3 I /r"
and $3.50 for— \ /
no e.vaggera- \
— not a bit \
of it; nothing I i
ails 'em but the I \
price, and that \
will be for Fri- I i
day and Satur- \\ * \ I
d 11.50. \ \ \i
51.50. A
RAPHAEL'S
_ . INCORPORATED,
9, 11, 13 and 15 Kearny Street.
fore them to learn what I:g!it he could
throw upon the alleged frauds in connec
tion with the coyote-scalp claims.
Wnen he informed them that in ord*r
to make a proper investigation of tne mat
ter it would be necessary to tr;ire all the
claims bacK to the original 9000 or more
claimants and hear the testimony of each
one of these, the committee. mnai>hori
cally speaking, threw up its nands in
>iespair ai-.d quickly came to the decision
to report tue hill favorably, and leave the
matter of investigation to the Board of
Examiners.
BZATM APrttOJPltlATlons.
The Grand lotnl Amk-d f« Already Ovrr
$ 10,000,000.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Feb. 25.— Either
the Legislature or the Governor will have
to wield the pruning-knife with vigor on
measures appropriating money, or, from
the present outlook, the Sta.e tax levy
will need to be nearer 65 cents on the $100
than 50 cents. The latter limit has al
ready been passed, even thougti there is a
surplus in the treasury of about. $750,000
from the las}, appropriations m-ule.
The general appropriation bill, provid
ing mean* for the maintenance lor two
years of tho State Government, including
all State institutions, as introduced in the
Assembly, foots up $4,815,776. To this
must be added the amount rized by law
for schools for two years at the rate o! $7
for earh census child, which is $4 629,92(3
also $480,000, the 2-ient :nx for f':e State
University at BtrteHey; $K75,000 ror
orphans and half-orphans, and $282,870
for the interest and "inking fund. This
makes a total of $10 883.572.
In addition to these the Senate Finance
Committee has already reported favorably
deficiency ciaims allowed by the State
Board of Examiners and other apprupria
tton« amounting in the aggregate to
$1,961,222 It will therefore be seen that
if all these measures pass, and most of
them have already pasted the Assembly,
the Slate will have contracted liabilities
to the amount of $12,844,794.
This total does not include $125,000 re
appropriated for the Affiliated Colleges,
$200,000 reappropriated lor impounding
LAST DAYS Y~Y . .
OF FEBRU- <§flf
ARY ARE ViJ
MONEY- /|#s
SAVERS. / y/?i X
Some real swell / , t *^4
Long Trouser ( \ » ° \
Suits for bnr/s \^ / 3 j-J
between the 3 * * »— - __^
ages of 12 and W
10 ; real $8 val- LL— — V
ucs; in, pretty I j[
Scotches and . • I\ \
neat effects, f! Ml
tailored excel- jl /ill
lenity, and \\ I 111
they'll be Fri- J I \\j
day and Satur- h^-A W
day, • *—r
$3.65.
minine debris nor the $500,000 for the
dredger scheme to deepen the channel of
the Sacramento River, which has been
favorably reported urion by the Senate
Finance Committee. There must also be
lalcen into consideration he coyote claims
bill appropriating $287,000, winch is "-till
in the hands of the F. nance Committee
and will be favorably reported on, toeether
with other bill* aggregating about $2,000,
--000, all of which are to lie reponed ad
veisely. hut which may, nevertheless, be
passpd by the L*nislature.
In view of the tact that the general ap
propriation Dili reported to the Assembly
has made palpable short allowances for
public institutions, the amounts in some
canes being loss than the actual cost of
subsistence for inmates, that appropria
tion will have to be increased, it is esti
mated, by at least f'200,000, including ap
propriations for district, agricultural socie
ties, whicn have not been provided for at
all.
The following summary shows the vari
ous amounts that the Legislature may be
called upon to appropriate and the grand
total;
General appropriation bill $*,*] 5.776
School fund 4,tJ-JH.9i!6
Stale University 480,000
Orphans and half orphans 6<6,0U0
Interest and sinkinr fund.. v.82,870
Deficiency claims favorably reported.. 1,961,
Reappropriatetl for a nil luted Collegia 125,000
appropriated for impounding min
ing debris 250,000
Coyote claims bill In hands of Finance
'Committee. 287,000
Bills t> be adversely retorted upon
(-st mated) -.. 2,000,000
EntlniHie 1 Increase to genera, appro-'
prUliunblll 2J0.00J
Sacramento River dredger bill 300,000
. Total $16,006,794
From Mi is amount should be deducted
$750,000 remaining in the treasury. This
w»at«l leave somewhat in excess of $15
--250,000 to be appropriated by the Legisla
ture. W
The total assessed valuation of the prop
erty in the Stats is estimated at $1,200,000,
--000, an! to rai-e $10,250,000 fur he ex
penses of the State for iv» years •would
require an annual lax levy of about 65 cents
per $100. A levy of 50 cents per $100 per
annum would return but $12,000,000.
Matters would have even a more lorbid
FRIDAY and
SATURDAY
are the last days J&&3&1
of those hand- f&rzf
some Reefer
Suits, s w elly
gotten up, with a J^^^mA
<7- cc p braided
collar, buckle at *
and $3.0 d veil-
ices; in what 2^''-v^^^^
for Spring; ages *£^~wi^L.
4to 10. These |§§I^J|^^
last days are
hummers
Challenge price
SI. 5 5.
TWO GREAT DAYS,
FRIDAY AND
SATURDAY,
AT THE BIG
KEARNY-ST. STORE.
dine aspect for the taxpayers of the State
had not the Finance Committee killed
many appropriation bills in their in
fancy and greatly curtailed the amounts
in others. Where tha cutting is to be
done now is a matter of great perplexity,
but clnims are likely to bo the ones to
suffer first. There may also be some cut
ting of the general appropriation bill on
provisions that do not apply to the main
tenance of public institutions, such as
asvhims, State prisons and reform schools.
The tax levy biil will be the last measure
acted upon by the Legislature, and Chair
man Voorhies of the Finance Committee
is of the opinion that matters will be so
arranged that it will not call for more than
a 50-cent lew.
That the Finance Committee has put
the knife in deep is shown by the following
statement of some of the amounts asked lor
to be applied to improvements and repairs
in various State institutions and the
amounts allowed :
" Name. I Asked. Allowed
Stockton Insane Asylum I $20,000 $10,000
lone School of Industry 114.5U0 72.594
Whlttier School 107.600 35 000
owe for Feeble-minded 105. 000
Ukiah Insane Asylum l:- 0,000 20.000
Chico Normal school 11.200 4,000
Sun Jose .Normal school 6.000 6.000
San Francisco Leper Hospital. 100.0001 20,000
Han Francisco >*t»te Bnilding.. 300.0011 1
Oakland Borne for Adult
Blind 30,000 30,000
Oakland Deaf and Dumb Asy
lum : 20,600 12,600
Sacramento Governor's resi
dence 60,000.
Sacramento Capitol and Capi
tol grounds 4,000 4,000
San Queutln 15,000 7,600
Yoseume Valley H.OOO B,ouO
Marshall Mo unient .......... '" 1.600'
sa-i Diego ormal School ... 75.00J SO, OOO
ban l.uU Obispo .Normal
School 75,000 75,000
State Mineral '.'ablnet ....... | 20,000]
Only six institutions, it will be noticed,
got all they asked for. If the report of
me Finance Committee is adopted, and
ther<» is, every reason to believe it will be,
San Francisco will get $20,000 for a State
luper hospital, but nothing for a State
building, an i the future Governors of
California will be as far as ever from hav
ing the State supply them, with an official
residence at Sacramento.
In the language of
Chimmie Faaden,
' ' We ain't doin* a
V ing to prices." ly
They're j ust *vlli^^v
being cut out of l«^^l
sight. Some Uz^KlN
600 Boys' Suits, if W \£> /\
ages 5 to 15, AiT V V
very swell suits, J~% 3* * I if
in blue twill 'SB f J**r%>^T
cheviots, pretty *&8£ r, I ''"'I-*
plaids and fine #«iri T
Scotches, extra V^fjn A_
well made, and c^P^H^H
always have re- '"^Z, Bf T\\
tailed at $5. 1 1 >Sk
Our price Fri- Lf
day and Satur-
day
$2.15.
TWO DAYS
FULL OF
GOLDEN
OPPORTUNITIES!
COAL TRUST NOW
ON THE RACK
Railroads and Mines Divide
the Price at Tide
Water.
Ignorance of the Erie's President
Greatly Astcnished the
Committee.
NEW YORK, N. V., Feb 25.— The joint
legislative committee resumed its investi
gation this morning, taking up the coal
trust, with President Samuel Sloan of the
Delaware, Lackawanna and Western Rail
road as th« first witness.
President Sloan said a meeting of the
presidents of| the various coal roads was
held last year for the purpose of deciding
the question of handling coal, and an
agreement was made ns to the percentage
of coal the roads represented were to carry.
' President Thomas of the Erie road was
next sworn. He said he was at the con
ference of the presidents of the various
coal carriers last year and the Erie re
ceived a 4-per-cent allotment.
Senator Lexow then read the vaiious
allotments and the witness admitted that
they were correct. He said that his com
pany did not live up to the agreement.
Witnees had no knowledge of meetings of
toe sales agents.
Mr. Lexow ordered subpenas to be is
sued for the ateuis.
THE
HATTERS
Love Us. NIT!
Their $2 Fe-
dora . Hat Fri- «,.
day and Satur- J^ff^^^^.
day in pretty gak
shades of pearl,
otter, Havana
brown and 25&7 "*" 73 W*
Who'll be hat-
. No one if the \L\jt/ %
! price will help
you. t ts£&^*
In oior Big
Hat Depart-
ment Friday
and Saturday
at
950,
RAPHAEL'S
(Incorporated),
9, 11, 13 ana 15 foamy Street
The witness said he was not aware that
the price of coal was increased $1 a ton
since the conference. He said, to the
great astonishment of the members of the
committee, that he did not know the
present price of coal.
Frencis H. Keening of St. Louis, a
wholesale grocer, said he refused to sign
a factor's agreement with the Americm
Sugar Refining Company and that he had,
consequently, to pay more for sugar than
those wtio had a factor's agreement.
The witness said that the American
Sugar Refining Company had attempted
to exclude the Louisiana planters' sugar
from competition.
From the testimony of the witness it
deyeloned that the American Sn<;ar Rena
me Company during the grinding season
during whicti ttie southern crop of the
country is being produced, lowered the
price of sugar in St. Louis and immedi
ately after the grinding season caused the
price of its product to be increased.
Clinton \V. Winter of Walden, N V.,
vie*- president of the Stevens Coal Com
pany, testified that his company soid coal
to the Lie high Valley Railroad Company
and that i; received 60 per cent 01 what
the product brought at tide water, and
that the remainder was paid to the rail
road com r any. Witness said the pr>«» of
stove coal per ton at tide water wa9 $9 87,
and, therefore, his company receivu .* J 32
for a ton and the railroad company $1 50.
John B. Dickerson, sales agent lor tue
New Yorlc, Ontario and Western Railroad
Company, said that the sales agents had
nothing to do with riling tno price of coal
and declared that the law of supply ana
demand alone fixed it.
Sales Acent Heilnerof the Lebi^n and
Wilkesbttrre Coal Company was next ex
amined. His testimony was unimpor ant.
At its conclusion Mr. Lexow announced
that the committee had concluded its n
vestigation, unless it was found necessary
to meet again.
An executive ses-ion was held by the
committee after the proceedings closed.
Chairman Lexow at its termination said:
|'We are going to apply to the Legislature,
in view oi the testimony taken beine so
large and the importance of the subject so
great, for an extension of time until March
9 ia which to submit our report.
34
THREATENED RIOT
AT LOS ANGELES
Hundreds of Hungry Men
Clamor for Employ
ment.
Qihinous Hints As to What May
Happen Should Relief Be
Denied Them.
With Tears in His Eyes the Mayor
Promises to Do Everything in
His Power.
LOS ANGELES. Cal., Feb. 25.— The
presence of a large body of unkempt, un
shaven, tattered, sunken-cheeked/hollow
eyed hungry men in front of the City Hall
here this afternoon appealing to Mayor
Snyder for woi k and wages moved that of
iicial to tears.
He hftd listened attentively to a petition
which had been read and approved at a
meeting of this city's army of unem
. ployed held earlier in the day at the' Old
Pisza on North Main street. With tear
.-taiued c eeks and a voice husky with
emotion the Mayor said:
"I will not deliver an address; my heart
is too full for that As I look on your
faces I recognize what your sentiments
are, and feel as deeply as you do that
something should be done for you and
your families.
"I will carefnlly consider your petition
at once. I have considered thii question
and in my message to the council embody
what I think to be the desired method for
relief. Bonds could be issued, it is true,
but it would be foqr or five months before
they could be realized on. The aid is too
remote.
"Trust us, however, to aid you in your
extremity, but be very careful to do noth
ing rash that would take away the sym
pathy now felt for you by any overt act. I
will report to your meeting on next Satur
day morning."
The situation relating to the unem
ployed of the ciiy is fast assuming a se
rious aspect. Mayor Snyder's fears, how
ever, so far as the "families" of these men
are concerned and the sympathy which ho
referred to, are no doubt greatly mis
placed.
Most of these men are non-residents of
this city, attracted here largely, no doubt,
by Captain Frazier's Good Samaritan
Mission — one of the best- planned and best
conducted evils which ever afflicted any
community.
The opportunity afforded by this mis
sion of getting rooms, bathsand meals
fora mere pittance has attracted most of
the present unemployed to this city, and
now that the mission :s about to be closed
these men see trouble ahead; hence their
appeal.
All of the leaders and spokesmen at
their meeting to-day are said to be non
residents. The threatening, ominous lan
guage of the petition has attracted the
most serious consideration from the beat
people of tiie city.
■It is not calculated to enlist sympathy
from the people {renerally. Honest, Datri
£>tic, work-lovine men do not employ
threats in their appeals, so say our leading
citizens.
Morrison I. Swift, a resident of Massa
chusetts, led the speaking to-day and in
dulged in much ominous language.
A circular which was distributed at the
meeting referred in two or three places to
the "d-splay of wealth and power at
Washington on March 4," winding up as
"Let the unemployed inaugurate in
other cities on March 4 While National
politics is inaugurating and. blessing it
self,- let National poverty inaugurate and
oiganize itself into a permanent body—
the Natioual Unemployed— to keep itself
in the eye o;" tlie wealthy Nation until it is
considered, fed and employed."
In the petition to Mayor Snyder the fol
lowing is a sample 01 the language em
ployed:
"We are not willing to have this matter
delayed any longer, and we will not an
swer for the consequences to the property
of this city if the thousands who are desti
tute and desperate are not given work.
"By delaying and delaying do you not
teach the unemployed to believe that
their only chance of obtaining considera
tion is to riot?"
Some action w 11 be taken by the City
Council relating to this matter at once.
COSH VLAIt AJ'POIXIM Uti TS.
Urged That They Should He But>j-ct to
Civil Service I.atrt.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Feb. 25.—Consu
lar appointments was the principal sud
ject of discussion this afternoon at the
regular meeting of the board of directors
of the Chamber of Commerce of this city.
The committee on laws and legislation
reported in the matter of the request from
the National Manufacturers' Association
that the chamber should take action on
the application of the civil service rules to
the appointment of foraign consuls, and
advised that the following resolution be
passed:
. Whereas, the consular service of the coun
try is not at the present time 88 efficient as it
should be on account of the manner adopted
In the selection of its members, and recogniz
ing that the duties of a consul requires the
employment of men Educated and skilled In
the service; therefore be It
Hesolved, That i' is the sense of the board of
directors of the Chamber of Commerce of Los
Angeles, Cal., that the consular service should
be removed from the domain of practical
y.olities and brought under the protection of
•Civil Service laws, to the end that only effi
cient men shall be appointed to such places
and that promotions may hereafter be award
ed according to merit. It is further
Resolved. That copies of this resolution be
transmitted by the secretary to tde members
<>l the House of Representatives and Senators
from California.
The resolutions were unanimously
adopted.
TUEOSOmiCAL VJtUSADEBS.
Hold a Large Meeting and Inaugurate
n Lo* Angeles Jlranr.h.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Feb. 25.— The
theosophists held a large crusade meeting
here to-night at Hazard's Pavilion. There
were seven theosophinal crusaders who
have been around the world, in India,
E&ster/i countries and Europe, who were
present at this meeting.
Mrs. Katherine Tingley, who is at the
head of the crusaders, made an address
and illustrated the truth of theosophy,
the object being to advance "light, truth
and liberation for discouraged human
ity," to inculcate universal brotheriiood
and show the unity underlying all reli
gions; also to correct mistaken ideas with
reeard to the subject.
The crusaders present beside Mrs. Ting
ley, are Rev. William A. Clesther, H. T.
Patterson. Ernest T. Hargrove, Claude F.
Wright, Mrs. Ciaude P. Wright. These
travel to form a nucleus iv all the differ
ent countries they visit. The Los Angeles
branch contains about seventy members.
Charged With Being nn Accentor
LOS ANGELES. CaI , teb. 25.—Thisaft
eruooo a complaint wan lillcd charging
Maude Pieroe, a colored woman, with the
murder of James Bellew.
It is said that deceased, in company
with his uncK\ visited Maude Pierces
Diaco and exhibited a sum of money. She
acquainted Warner and Brown, who are
under arrest, of the fact and they killed
Bellew. She is charged with being an ac
cessory before the fact.
Ttoe'or and Assistant Buld for Xurder.
fcOS ANGELES, Ckl., Feb. 25.— Dr. Col
vin S. Hastings and Mrs. A. C. Weather,
his assistant, were to-day held to answer
to the charge of the murder of Liilie Hat
tery of San Bernardino by a criminal
operation. Bail was fixed at ?15,000 each
but was not given. Dr. Hastings has been
here fifteen years.
Southern California Crop Outlook.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Feb. 25.— The
Weather Bureau crop report lor Southern
California is as follows: Almonds of San
Luis Obispo were injured by frost, but no
damage to citrus fruits bas resulted from
the cold. Small fruit and vegetables were
injured in exposed places. Grain is in
excellent condition, and the outlook is
good for a large harvest. All crops are in
line condition.
Aged Capitalist J-ound Dead.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Feb. 2.l.— John
A. Ayd, aged (J'J years, a well-known capi
talist, was to-day found dead in a house
on San Juan street. Deceased had resided
in Los Angeles fourteen years and owned
considerable property here. Ho leaves a
sister, who also resides in this city. A
verdict of heart disease was rendered.
STOCKTON FISHERMAN MISSING.
"Catfish" Johnson Disappears Under Cir
cumstances Leading to Suspicion of
Foul Play.
STOCKTON, Cal., Feb. 25.— "Catfish"
Johnson has disappeared and his friends
fear that he has either been drowned or
murdered.
The missing man's name is Peter John
son, but he is known all along the water
front as "Catfish," as he makes a living
by fishing in the channels ana sloughs in
this county. Together with a man named
Gus Lundstrom he owns an ark that is
moored on the Banner Island shore of
McL3oils Lake. For some time there has
been bad blood between them, according
to one of tbe recent occupants of the ark,
and each has bsen striving to save enough
money to buy tue other out.
Lundstrom has been away for some
time working on a potato ranch on one of
the islands, and Johnson ha") been living
in a 'Shack" on Twelve-mite Plough.
Every Thursday night he came to Stock
ton witn his catch of lish, and had been in
the habit of staying in the ark until re
turning to his tubing grounds.
Several months a^o Johnson gave per
mission to a Dane named Hansen and to
a ragpicker named Anderson to occupy
the ark during hisabsence. On Tnursuuy
last, when Johnson came up from Twelve
miie Slough, he was in an ugly frame of
mind, and oriered tbe occupants ol the
aric to get oat forthwith.
He was cursing about their stay in the
place, and also informed boia that he
intended to take entire possession and not
allow his partner, Lundstrom, to have
anything more to do with it.
After selling his fish Johnson returned
to the ark and crder Ragpicker Anderson
to gel him 15 cents worth of wine. The
latter purchased two gallons of tanglefoot
and this trio had a "time" on boa.ru the
ark.
Those nearby heard the sounds of rev
elry, but Anderson declared this morning
that there was no row or struggle on
board. The occupants of the big dredger
that lies a few yards to the north of the
ark say that there were sounds of a
struggle, as though the men on board the
arK were engaged in a scullle.
Next morning Johnson hau disappeared.
His hat and shoes were still in the ark,
but nothing could be found of him, and
his boat was still moored by the side o( the
ark. Anderson reported the matter to the
police ana the Sheriff's ollice, he believing
that Johnson had been drowned during
the night. Those who live near think
that this may be the ca«e, or that he was
knocked overboard during a scuffle with
one of his fellow-occupants of the ark.
TACOJHA HSUtHiIST HO hit Eh.
Held Up by a Crazy Victim of the Co
caine Habit.
TACOMA, Wash., Feb. 25.— Crazed by
an unhumored appetite for cocaine, (ieorge
Williams entered the drugstore of William
Sp>cer at South Tocoma to-day and com
manded the proprietor to deliver him a
large quantity of the drug. When he
pulled two large revolver? out of his side
pockets Spicer concluded he had better
comply, and did 00. Williams had just
got outside the door, when the druggist
called a policeman. The robber was ar
rested snd Spicer's cocaine recovered,
Williams was booked for robbery. To
night be is battering his head against his
iron cell and crying in despair, "Cocaine,
cocaine; give me cocaine."
San 31 at no Printing Vfila Hurried.
SAN MATEO, Cal.. Feb. :.'.->.— The print
ing office of the San Mateo Leader, edited
by R. H. Jury, was almost destroyed by
fire at an early hour this mornine. The
lire originated in the rear of the office and
was discovered by Henry Hagen, clerk' of
the bank, who immediately gave the alarm
and roused the tire companies. Owing to
their quick response the large building was
saved, though the lower story was badly
damaged.
San Rafael Water Rates.
SAN RAFAEL^ Cal., Feb. 25.— Tne City
Trustees of San Rafael will meet next
Saturday evening to pass the water-rates
ordinance which was agreed upon in ex
ecutive session. Only a slight change has
been made, in that meters may be de
manded upou paying $4 for the connec
tion, where the monthly consumption
does not exceed $1. • Heretofore $2 was the
minimum bill where meters were used.
■ ■ ■ —T • "■
fautalito Letter- Bore%.
BAUSALITO. Cal., Feb. 25.— The Post
office Department lias had men at work
to-iiay erecting letter-boxes at prominent
points throughout the town. It is said
that the experiment of 9 free delivery of
Uncle Sam's mail will shortly be put into
operation at Sausalito.
•
AaM«nii(o*« ->rtf» Iluildi ng.
SAUSALITO. Cal., Feb. 25 -C. W.
Becker, the Sausalito agent of The Call,
will shortly commence the erection of a
new building on Water street. In this
new structure the telephone company will
also have its headquarters.
Sant't Cruz Hotel to Reopen.
SANTA CRUZ, Cal., Feb. 25. -The Sea
Beach Hotel will bo opened for the season
next Monday by John T. Sullivan, the
first proprietor of tnat hostelry, nego
tiations were completed about a" month
ago, and the hotel would have been opened
about the middle of tne month had it not
been for the inclement weather.
Hakcrsflrld Volitician Men.
BAKERSFIELD, Cal., Feb. 2s.— Robert
VV. Wituin^ton, a well-known local-poli
tician, who had resided in this county
since 1866, suddenly expired at his home
in this ciiy early this morning. He hnd
been sligh'ly indisposed for several days.
Heart trouble was the cause.
I'.'iiah Herald Sutvendt.
UKIAH, Cal., Feb. 25.— The Ukiah
Herald, H. L. Herzinj?er editor and pro
prietor, which has been in existence at
this place as a serai-weekly for the past
fifteen months, has suspended publication.
TO CUKE A tOI,D IX ONE BAT.
.Take Ins tiveliroinoQuiuine Tablets. Alldrug
liiau leiuiiu We woucy uit i«u:s to cure, -jc
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 26, 1897.
EXCITEMENT IN A
SAUSALITO COURT
Troubles of the Schloh and
Lewis Families Given
an Airing.
Justice Bellrude Threatens to
Adjourn if Attorneys Can
net Agree.
Majir Edwin Lewis, a Graduate of
West Point, Accnses a Neigh
bor cf Assault.
SAUSALITO, Cal., Feb. 25.— There
were lively times in Justice Bellrude's
court this afternoon while the case of the
people, upon the complaint of Major Ed
win Lewis, against B. A. Schloh, accused
by Lewis of abusive language and assault
upon Mrs. M. A. Lewis, the wife of the
major, was on trial.
Justice Beiiruiie atone point in the pro
ceedings threatened to adjourn court if
the attorneys could not retain their com
posure.
It seems that some time ago Mr. Schloh,
who lives at Waldo Point, just out of Sau
saiito, took pity upon Major Lewis and
his wife, who had been burneH out of
their home, and gave them permission to
occupy his cottage during the winter
months, the Lewises to care for the
chickens and other animals, while Mr.
and Mrs. Schloh were in the City.
When Mr. Schloh made up his mind to
return to Marin County he gave the major
notice to vacate his premises, but to his
surprise the Lewises refused to move, and
Schloh was compelled to bring an eject
ment suit.
When the case came up before Justice
Thomas Foltrell Major Lewis reviled the
court, referring disrespectfully to the red
hair of his Honor, and that official
promptly sent him to jail for twenty-iour
hours for contempt of court.
The Schlohs gained possession of their
home, but found things in a terrible state.
Everything was broken and ruined and
the Lewises had killed ana eaten most of
the chickens.
"Every time the major had company,"
said Mr. Schloh to-aay. "he would have
chicken lor dinner, and they were my
chickens he had."
After the Lewises had been compelled I
to Jeave Mrs. Lewis returned with Con- j
stable Garrity oi Sausaiito to obtain some j
things she claimed were in the house be
loii-'ing to her.
While there, Lewis alleges in his com
plaint. B. A. bchloh r.ied abusive lan
guage to his wife and attempted to do her
bodily injury.
Constable Garrity swore to-day that
Schloh did not lay hands on the woman,
but only ordered her off his premises.
The case had progressed some when Judge
M. C. Dufficy, acting as prosecuting at
torney, drew up a new complaint, which
Lewis signed and swore to, charging
£chloh with assault.
The second case then proceeded and
trouble constantly occurred between Duf
ficy and Charles de V. Musaus, who acted
as Schloh's attorney. He accused Dufficy
of conduct unbecoming an attorney and
charged him with nerverting the truth.
Adolph Sylva, S'.ujalito's prosecuting
attorney, then took a hand in the pro
cepdings on behalf of the defendant
Justice Bellru'le took the case under ad
visement and will give a decision Satur
day afternoon.
Major Lewis is % character in Marin
County and is a graduate of West Poini.
Helß well-known in Democratic political
circles in M.irin County, where, during
the last convention, he created consider
able notoriety by opposing Superior
Judge Angelotti's "indorsement by the
Democrats.
NEWS OF SAN JOSE.
Death of Mrs. Mary H. Mackenzie, One
of the Earliest Settlers of Santa
Clara County.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Feb. 28.— Mrs. Mary
j H. Mackenzie, widow of Donald Macken
j zie, a pioneer of this county, died at her
home at 219 Guadalupe street this after
! noon. She was a native of Scotland, G6*
j years of age. She and her husband came
to California in 185.J, and a few years later
settled in this city. Mackenzie engaged
in the foundry business and established
the San Jose Foundry, which lias been
carried on by Mrs. Mackenzie and her sons
since Ins death, some twenty years ago.
1 Mrs. Mackenzie v;as one of the best
! known women in the county, having
I done much to advance its interests. She
was very prominent in society and church
work. Five children survive 'ier. They
are John D. Mackenzie, who is game
warden ot Santa Clara County; Andrew
I Mackenzie, who conducts the foundry
I business, and Eva and Belle Mackenzie,
I teachers in the public schools. Another
I daughter, Mrs. Dr. Cotter, resides in
i Yuma, Arizona.
DOCTOR QVBKaTF.S U>. A JUDGE.
Jlow Little mittundermtandinQt Are Set
tle* at 3Wpita*.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Feb. 25.— Justice of
the Peace Trubenschenck arrived here
this morning • from Mil pitas, where he
conducts a drugstore. His nose was split
open in two places, his head swollen to
about twice its usual size and one eve
nearly gouged out. Bandages concealed
the rest of his features. In speaking of
the affair he said he had been struck by
Dr. Perionet of Milpitas. He refused 10
divulge the cause of the trouble, but hinted
that it was the result of apolitical quarrel.
Other parties, however, state that the
trouble with the doctor was over some
matter connected with the drug business.
•-^
TO IMVROVE AJjVI&O BLOVQH.
Concerted Effort to Secure n Leqitlatire
Appropriation.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Feb. 25.— Secretary J.
P. Fay of the Board of Trade has gone to
Sacramento to present to the members
of the Legislature fuc.s and statistics con
cerning the shipping at Alviso to aid in
the passape of Assemblyman Arnerich's
bill appropriating $25,00 D for improving
Alvno Slouch so thai shipping c^n be
more conveniently carried on. The Board
of Trade is greatly interested in the bill,
and nothing will be left undone to secure
its passage. Printed slips, giving the
shipments to and from Alviso, will be dis
tributed among the legislators.
BrwT Contract Awarded.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Feb. 25.— The City
Council has awarded the contract for
completing the outlet Jor th»» main sewer
from the northern city limit? to a point
near Alviso to Charles Wehner for $25,797.
The city recently voted $40,000 bonds for
this work.
Petition for (ltntrtiiau.il.ip J>t(#r>.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Feb. 25— George E.
Crothers to-day petitioned the Superior
Court for letters of guardianship over the
estate of Wesley Ellsworth Crothers. an heir
to the estate of the late Senator James G.
Fair. The minor is a nephew of the de
reased and a legatee under the will to
$22,727 27. He is H 15-year-old son of
John J. and Margaret J" Crothers. The
petitioner is alrotherof the minor, and
the application lor guardianship is made
with the consent of his parents. The
matter will come up for heaVing before
Judge Hyland to-morrow.
UltEliSlUt. JCAILXUAD XEWB.
Locomotive* and Pattenger Coaches in
Mac* of Trolley- Cart.'- ,
RIVERSIDE, Cal., Feb. 25.— Some
facts and rumors concerning the opera
tions of the Southern Pacific in this city,
were to-day made public. A deed has
been placed on file by the company for a
lot on the corner of Market and j Seventh
streets. This lot fronts the Southern Pa
cific motor track. All the Southern Pacific
trains have made this corner their pas
senger terminal point for some time, and
a fine passenger depot will at once be
built, when the motor service between
this city and Colton will be discon
tinued and regular passenger coaches and
engines substituted.
Colonel Wilson, right-of-way agent of
the Southern Pacific, has been active for
some time in securing a right-of-way
from this city to Corona. With the ex
ception of a short distance this coveted
privilege has all been secured. The' Ri
verside Land and Irrigation Company was
the last of the large land-owners to make
a figure satisfactory to the railroad people.
The extension of the line from this city
to Pomona by the way of • Corona is
thought by those in a position to know to
be among the immediate possibilities..; '*)
MA MIX'S COAX£STJED EL ECHO .V.
tylva-liino C<tse Submitted to Superior
. Judge AngrlotH.
SAN RAFAEL, Cal., . Feb. 25.— The
Sylva-Ring contested election case came
up before Superior Judge F. M. Angelotti
this afternoon and was submitted to
him without argument. He stated he
would render a written decision.
The case has attracted much attention,
both on account of its sensational devel
opments and the intricate questions in re
gard to the election laws. Taylor was de
feated by thirty-two votes for the office of
Supervisor in District No. 3 in Marin
County and brought a contest against his
successful opponent, claiming irregular
ities in regard to the election boards in
Mill Valley and Boiinas districts.
All testimony introduced in regard, to
violations of the purity of election law?,
by both contestant and contestee, was by
stipulation stricKen from the records. The
decision is eagerly awaited and an appeal
will be taken to the Supreme Court by the
unsuccessful party.
I'EIALVMA MINSTRELS.
Member* of Compjtny C Appear at
Iturnt-Cork ArU*t».
PETALUMA, Cal., Feb. 25.-The mem
bers ot Company C celebrated Washing
ton's birthday with a minstrel perform
ance, which was well attended by an ap
preciative audience. The usual number
of local "gags" were loudly appiauded, as
were also the topical songs. In place of
the usual half-circle of chairs for the first
part the boys chose to present an innova
tion, and the opening scene showed the
minstrels srathered round a camp-lire in a
realistic manner. Before the close of the
performance the trophy won by the
members of Company C as champion
marksmen was presented to them by
Captain Holmes of Company E of
Santa Rosa in a happy speech, which
was responded to by Lieutenant Mortimer
Stockdale of Company C. After tne per
formance th* company adjourned to
Armory Hall, where the lifiht fantastic
was tripped until an early hour.
hOR A. GKKATKR VTAB.
Sphont to Annex Arizona to the Sevslu
: ...*- ■ - Created Stati. T.i .';:'.-•.
PHCENIX, Ariz , Feb. IM -Since the ar
rival of Lund and Wooley, -commissioners
from Utah sent to gain consent to the ces
sion of the strip of land norm of th« Colo
rado River, many prominent men here, in
clndinz Judge J. .1. Hawkins and Johu C.
Heindon, favor asking Congress to annex
Arizona to the State of Utah as trie most
feasible means of obtaining statehood.
Trie new Stote would be called Greater
Utah, with Salt Lake us the capital.
1 Tue* on 9lnn»- Meeting on Bond*.
TUCSON, Amz., Feb. 23.— A large mass
meeting to-night adopted resolutions
against the Congressional bill just
passed by the ilouse .of Repre
sentative! directing the Arizona
Loan Commission to fund narrow
trauge railroad bonds, with interest,
amounting to over $300,000. The bonds
were declared void oy the United Slates
Supreme Court in the case appealed from
Pima Couuty, as being in violation of
the organic act of the territory. They
were obtained by fraudulent pretenses
ami no consideration was received by the
county. The resolutions were iorwarded
to the Committee on Territories of the
United States Senate.
Granted n /. .priers for a Tear.
SACRAMENTO. Cal.. Feb. 25.— The
Governor last night granted to Rico Mo
raso, convicted of murder from Solano
County, and under sentence of. death ft
Sun Quentin, a reprieve from March 1.
1897. to March 4, 1898. The reprieve was
granted on a -howing by the prison
authorities thatMoraso is insane and in
anticipation of tne enactment of a law
prohibiting the setting free of insane
convicts.
Still Kept From t. and Inf.
TACOMA, Wash, Feb. 20.-Collector
Saunders reports this evening no word as
yet from Washington in answer to his
telegraphed request for permission to
allow tne wife and daughter of Ng Kit,
the San Francisco Chinese merchant, to
land from the steamer Olvnipia.
BASEIi all SI^ASORU.
Gam* lirlwen Citil and Eleetrlctl En
yinerr* Won 67 the Former.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Cal., Feb.
25. — The civil engineers at Stanford again
snowed their superiority in baseball by
defeating a team representing the electri
cal engineering department this afternoon.
At the end of the sixth inninz the score
stood 27 to 3 in their favor. The game
wa« then brought to a close to permit the
regular Varsity practice. The features of
I the game were the heavy batting and the
clever work of the infield of the civil engi
neers. David brown pitched a strong
game for the winning nine. He was caught
by H. K. Lauber. Leach and Entler
pitched, while Sampson and Hogle caught
for the electrical engineers. • Professor
Hoskins umpired the game.
Rirerxide Itrfnnt* liurhngatne nt I'olo.
RIVERSIDE, Cal., Feb. 25.— Probably
the finest polo game ever j-epu on the
coast was played hare to-day between the
Riverside and tne Bur!in:ame dubs. At
the end of the firsi halt the ?>core stood
4 to 3 in favor of Burlmirame, but at the
Beginning of the last quarter the score was
4 to 4, ami in two minutes Mund of River
side had tcored a aoal, winning the irame,
sto 4. Bettner, Norton and M:iud did the
best work for Riverside; for Burlingame,
Baldwin, Tobin and Hobart.
Marine/ nt JSeia Orlenn*.
NEW ORLEANS, La., Feb.2s.— Three-quarters
of a mile, Kuarre won, Laura Davis second,
Baalgad third. Time, 1 :23. . .
Half mile, Oniuoor won, Kaulalia second,
Scott Newman third. Time. :54'^. > . : .
One and a sixteenth miles. .Dave Pulsifer
won, Otho second, Sir John third. : Time.
2:01%. . . -• „ •
Three-quarters of a s mile, Prince Proverb
won, ■• Glen Albin second, Senator Penrose
third. Time, 1:23. • . . . : • '
Seven-eighths of a mile, Bust Up won, Dr.
France second, James V. Carter third. Time,
I:32's.
On* mile, Kav^rlne won, C. C. Rumrill sec
ond, Newhouss third. Time, 1:55%.
ARREST FOR THEFT
AT SACRAMENTO
Embarrassing Plight of
a Talented Young
. Englishman.
Over $100 Worth of His Em
ployers' Goods Found in
.His Apartments.
He Cut Quite a Dash in Local Society
and Occasionally Went On
a Spree.
> SACRAMENTO, Cal.. Feb. 25— Fred S.
Proctor, a talented young Englishman,
who for several months past has occupied
the position of confidential clerk in the
wholesale hardware firm of Baker &
Hamilton, in this city, was arrested this
afternoon on a charge of petty larceny
sworn to by Manager F. Dassonville and
is now an inmate of the city prison pend
ing examination, with probabilities that
graver charges may be brought against
him.
Several months since Proctor came to
California from New York with excellent
references addressed to the firm, which
stated that he was a good all-around man
and worthy of the greatest confidence.
On the strength of these recommenda
tions be obtained a position, and, although
he failed to rill the expectations of the
manager, was retained.
Shortly after tiis arrival Proctor made
the acquaintance of a young optician
named T. Dewolf Hanna, and as both
were of the heavy-swell order they cut
quite a dash in local society and occupied
the same apartments.
Several nights since, while out on a
spree, Prcctor ordered some wine «t a
saloon, and aa he was minus the neces
sary funds to defray the bill, he banded
the bartender a new Colt'd revolver in lieu
of the money.
The matter was brought to the attention
of the police, who started an investigation,
at the same time notifying the linn, and
to-day Manager Dassonville arrived and
swore out a complaint against Proctor.
This evening the epuuments of T. De
wolf Hanna, which have been occupied in
common by Proctor, were searched and
over $100 worth of stolen goods were dis
covered. The former, however, has not
been connected with the unfortuate affair.
As it is believed that this pilfering has
been going on since stock was taken at the
first of the year, it is impossible at the
present time to ascertain how great a loss
the linn has sustained.
Proctor gave evidence in his appearance
and address as being a highly educated
and pohsned young man, and it is ru
mored that he is intimately connected
with a family of the English nobility.
SACK lit fTJEOJJIMJ.
Alfred Alrinza Sterkley and lUollie
France* Shrrhin United.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Feb. 25.— The
social event of the season in this city oc
curred to-day when the nuptial ceremonies
of Alfred Alvinza Merkley and Miss Mol
lie Frances Sbeehan were celebrated.
The ceremony was performed at the
residence of the bride's father. General T.
W. Sheehan, on Suiter Terrace, Father
Vvnlsb of the Catholic Church officiating.
The bride was attended by six brides
maids ana a maid of honor, and the in
terior of the lesidence was transformed
into & bower of flowers and almond blos
soms.
After the wedding breakfast, at which
W. 11. Mills of the land department of the
Southern Pacific Company acted as toast
master, the young couple laft in a special
car for the southern portion of the State,
whore they will spend their honeymoon.
Mr. Merkley has been connected for
some time with the Business department
of the Record- Union and is one of the
most popular and best known young men
of Sacramento, while his lovely bride
counts her friends by lecions.
TO HOXOK JVftQE McX E>.\ .4.
Sacramento Citizen* Will Tender Him a
Royal lUception.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Feb. 25.— Hon.
Joseph McKenna will be accorded a royal
reception by the citizens of Sacramento
to-morrow evening on his passage through
this city en route to Washington.
On the arrival of the train he will be
met by a committee of citizens, composed
of J. O. Coleman, J. Wright and others,
who will evcort him to the State Library,
where he will be met by Chairman A. J.
13 runer, who will introduce him to those
assembled to do him honor.
Mayor Hubbard will deliver an address
of welcome and the new Cubinet official
will then Da taken to the Senate Chamber,
where lift will be met by the Governor and
State oilicials and the members ol both
houses.
VMfM Ball at Sacramento
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Feb. 24.— The
sixth annual masquerade ball given by
the Sacramento Athletic Club, which took
place last evening, was a decided success.
Ti;e ball was crowded with spectators and
maskers. A more than interesting enter
tainment was provided, and many unique
characters were represented.
Kittredte Appointed Superior Judge.
SACRAMENTO, Cal.. Feb. 25.— A. S.
Kittredge was to-day appointed by Gov
ernor Bu.ld as Superioi Judge of Santa
Clara County, to occupy the position cre
ated by the present Legislature.
TWO MEM W Kit IS IIJIXGED.
Arfcnnint : Criminals Expiated Their
Crime* on the Scaffold.
PINE BLUFF, Ark., Feb. 25— Two
colored men were hanged on the scaffold
here to-day, though not at the same mo
ment. At 1:16 o'clock the trap was sprung
lirst and Robert Cox was swung into
eternity for the crime of criminal assault.
He went to bis death coolly and made no
statement. His neck was broken, and at
the end of eight minuto* he was pro
nounced dead.
At 1:55 o'clock Jim Davis was executed
for the murder of Lawrence Williams, a
boy. His neck was broken, and he died
in e:ght minutes. He refused spiritual
assistance and made a brief speech on the
callows, in which he said ha was ruled by
the devil.
HIS OKt.iiUM 11EJRS.
A Contested Will Gate in Which Undue
Influence It Charged.
CHICAGO, 111., Feb. 25.— Henry L.
Claussenius of Seaside, Or., has begun
proceedings in the Supreme Court to set
aside the will of his father, Henry Cfaus
senius, who died in Berlin on September
10, 1896, at the age of 71. Henry Ciaus
sentus was one of the best known of Chi
cago's German residents. For many
years he was Consul of the German and
Austro-Hungary empires in this city, and
NEW TO-DAY-.'. «■«».
I $50,000 1
■■ H , - ng,
I BANKRUPT STOCK 1
MUST BE SOLD 3
I IN TWO DAYS! 1
g == 3
i $5.00 Corsets for $2.50 i
i $4.00 Corsets for $1.75 i
i $3.00 Corsets for $1.25 i
i $1.00 Corsets for 25c |
E' They come in black, drab, white, tan
and blue, in Satin, Sateen and Coutilie.
1 816 MARKET STREET, 1
£ PHELAN BUILDING. 3{
§E SALE COMMENCES AT 9 A. M. 3
was also the first president of the Ger
mnnia Mannercbor.
With his death he l«ft an estate valued
at 170.000. making El ward Claussenius,
the third son, the sole devisee. The other
children are: G. Adolphu* and George
W. of this city, Henry L. of Oregon. Bis
marck, now living in Texas, and Minna,
the wife of Judge Brentano.
The comp.ainant alleges in the bill that
his father's second wife unduly influenced
the testator against his children, and usks
that the will be set aside and division of
the property made among all the heirs
according to law.
CONTIGUOUS FISHERIES.
A Permanent Joint Commission to Take
Charge of Them Has Been
Recommended.
WASHINGTON. D. C, Feb. 25.— The
President has sent to Congress the re
port of the joint commission representing
the United States and Canada relative
to the preservation of the fisheries in the
waters contiguous to trie United States
and Canada as provided by the joint
agreement of 1892 between the United
States and Great Britain. The subjects
dealt with are the limitation or preven
tion of exhaustive or destructive methods
of taking fish and shell fish in these
waters and also in the waters of tne open
seas outside of the territorial limits of
either country to which the inhabitants
of the respective countries may habitually
resort for the purpose of such fishing;
the prevention of the polluting or obstruct
ing such conticuous waters to the detri
ment of the fisheries or navigation; the
close season expedient to be enforcd and
observed in such contiguous waters Dy
the inhabitants of both countries as res- j
pects the taking of several kinds of fish
and shell fish and the adoption of prac
tical methods of restocking and repien- \
ishing such waters with hsh and shell |
fish and the means by which such fish :
life may be preserved and increased.
The fisheries to be covered by the com- I
mission included the entire fisheries of
the Atlantic sea coast and the lake and
river fisheries ir» general between the ]
province of O.itario and the border States ;
from New York to Minnesota, inclusive; i
Rainy Lake and river and Lake of the I
Woods, between Ontario and Manitoba:
the ColumDia River, which crosses the
international boundary line from British
Columbia into the State of Washington;
the Fraser River, Gulf of Georgia, Puget
Sounti and Straits of Juan Ue Fuca, con- ,
tiguous to the British Columbia and
Washington.
All these waters except Rainy Lake and
Columbia River were visited by the com
mission. They found it impossible to con- j
sider fully ail the questions which the j
subject presents and were unable in many i
cases to reach more than general conclu
sions.
Tr.eir observations demonstrated the
inexpediency of attempting to regulate
any of these fisheries uy a rigid code of
enactments owing to their constantly
changing character and conditions.
They recommend therefore a permanent
joint commission which shall have 1
direct supervision cf these fisheries j
and ba empowered to conduct the neces
sary investigations and to institute such
modifications in the regulations as cir
cumstances may demand.
TIME TO ELEVATE THE CROSSINGS
A Surface Railway Collision in Chicago
Which Three Persons Wera
Killed and Many Injured.
CHICAGO, 111.. Feb. 25.— Three per
sons killed outright and several injured,
three of whom it is thought may yet die,
is the frightful result of a collision of two
trains on the Chicago and Eastern Illinois
Railroad with an electric car of the Calu
met Electric road at the One Hundred
and Third-streot crossiug this ufiernoon.
The dead are:
George O'Mally, motorman.
Peter Fucher Prince, a cattle-buyer.
R. W. Younjr, a collector.
The more seriously injured are:
Robert Hynes, employe of the Calumet
Company, may die.
Henry "Madison, conductor on the car
recovery doubtful.
Mary Moichelle, internal injuries and
serious bruises, may not recover.
F. A. Young, lire man for Chicago and
Eastern Illinois, will recover.
The collision occurred shortly before
2 o'clock. The crossing gates of the Chi
cago and Eastern Illinois road were down
but witnesses to the accident say the
motorman waa apparently unable to stop
his car. It crashed through the pates
dirafctly in front of a rapidly moving
engine attached to a southbound suburban
train. The car was partially shattered by
the collision that followed and a moment
later was ground into a thousand frag
ments by an express train bound toward
the city, which cashed into the wreck.
Eight or ten passengers were on board
the shattered motor and were more or less
injured. The engines of the two railwuy
trans were also damaged, an I the fire
man on ti.e outbound suburban was
thrown to the ground and >everely hurt.
The motorman was lying under the
front platform of his car and was crusned
to death. The mangled bodies of two of
the passengers were taken from ihe debri
and removed to the Morgue. They were
killed outright. The injured were taken
to Hospitals in patrol wagons.
JtVMOHS I UAYAXA.
But Consul Let, Hum Aot Jtteelved Hi,
J'attportt.
HAVANA, Cuba, Feb. 25.— Dispatches
received here from New York say a rumor
is prevalent there that United States Con-
Bul-General Lee has received his pass
ports. This is not true. General Lee has
neither receivea his passports nor has he
resigned his post. The fact id that a. day
or two ago he intimated his disposition to
resign if the United States Government
iaileu to sustain the attitude he had as
sumed in the cases of Dr. Kuiz and Mr.
Scott. He has gone no iurtlier than this.
PEOPLE LOSE THEIR HOMES.
1 An Order From the President Strikes the
Black Hlls Like a Thunderbolt
From a Clear Sky.
DEADWOOD, S. Dak.. Feb. 25.— Like a
thunderbolt out of a clear sky came the
order of President Cleveland to add ferty
two townships of the Black HIU3 to the
forest reserve.
Twenty-five thousand people have their
homes in this section, which comprises
the timber and lumber section of the Black
Hills.
The hills are also gold-bearing.
Meetings are called in every town of the
section to proiest against the order.
At a meeting in this city, called to order
by Mayor Star, ex-United Slates Senator
I Moody explained the law under which the
I President executed this proclamation.
He also explained how it strucK
the vitals of the mining industries
I in this section by prohibiting the cutting
j of timber, and di.~francb.ised the people
J living; on the reserve, making it impos
sible for them to reap any benefits of their
! improvements. At present sawmills
abound.
A committee was appointed to protest
by telegraph against the enforcement of
the order until the Black Hills can pre
sent their case.
A.X OUTRAGE O\ THE OCEA.X.
The Schooner Ha* /i* lf. Tired Upon by a
Spai.i<h iiunhont.
DELAWARE BREAKWATER, ' Dil.,
.Feb. 25. — Presumedly taken /or a iilibus-
I tering vessel by what her captain thinks
: was a Spanish gunboat, the schooner
S. G. Haskell, which arrived here to-day
from Cienfuegos, was thrice fired on off
the Cubnn coast on the night of Febru
, ary 7. Toe Haskell left Cienfuegos on
February 7 and as she was beat
i inz her way <at to sea that nieht off
the mouth of the San Juan River those
aboard observed two flashes and the re
i ports of guns from somewhere in. toward
shore.
The Haskell' s crew paid no particular
attention to the guns, as she aid not sup
pose they were directed toward them, buc
a third rrpoit and a whistle of a solid
shot close oy and Dlunip rig into the sea
beyond the schooner s-peedily undeceived
them. With his night glass the captain
made nut a steamer following cose after
them. He was able to sec thit the steamer
had a low, black hull and her "jcper works
were painted some light color. After the
third shot, and approaching quite closely,
but •without h&flinr, the toaoier put
about imd steamed away again.
flifjh Cmmrt < onfrrnnrti in Africn.
LONDON, Exg., Feb. 25.— The Mail to
day publishes a dispatch from Pretoria
saying that Presider.t Kruger had a con
ference yesterday witti the Judk.es of tba
High Court of tho South African Repub
lic, but no result was reached. After tha
conclusion of the conference the Voikt
raad adopted the principles of the pro
posed law and then proceeded to discuss
t' c m«a<uirp seriatim.
raw TO-DAT.
When a young couple runs away to get
married half the world says: "How
Romantic ! ' ' the other half says: " How
silly! " But you can't tell either wav
until the " honey -moon "is over. When
this young couple get settled down to the
regular hum-drum of life, they'll manage
all right and find solid happiness in any
case, if they have good hearts and sound
health. All depends on that.
It's wonderful how much health has to
do with married happiness. Sickness af-
fects the temper. You can't be happy
nor make others happy if you're ailing.
When you find yourself irritable, easily
worried, beginning to "run-down" it's
because your blood is getting poor. You
need richer blood and more of it. Your
blood-making organs need to be vitalized
by Dr. Pierces Golden Medical Discov-
ery. It imparts new power to produce
an abundance of the healthy, red corpus-
cles, and gives you a fresh supply of
pure, rich blood. It's a blood-creator;
it is for everyone whose blood is impure
or in a poor, '* run-down " condition. It
prevents the germs of disease from get-
ting a hold on your system. Even after
disease is settled on you, it is driven out
by the blood-creating properties of the
"Discovery." It is a perfect cure for
general and nervous debility, catarrh,
. malaria, eczema, erysipelas, scrofula and
every form .of blood - disease. It is'nt
called a consumption-cure but even con-
; sumption, — which has- its roots in the
blood — is driven out by the "Golden
■ Medical Discovery" if taken in time.
The "Discovery" is the prescription
of one of the most eminent physician*
and medical writers in this country.SAD NEWS
AT CARSON
Martin Julian Receives the
; • Sad Tidings of His
•-.• ' • * Mother's Death.
" iIITZSIMMONS IS ALSO
'; .. GRIEVED.
'.: . ' •
• Later Lanky Bob Has a Funny
• ; Adventure With tbe Kodak
. . \ Brigade.
COPYRIGHTED PUGILISTS TRY
;• • . TO KEEP IXCLUSIVE.
•'•Cor.b'ett Receives Accessions to His
.'• ' Retinue and Continues Active
• * Training.
CAKSOX, Net., Feb. 26.— Unhappy
news reached Bob Fitzsimmons* camp at
Cook's ranch to-day, and gloom now per
<Vac<es tbe place, where only yesterday
.11 was cheery and jolly. It was a tele
gram from New York, and conveyed the
; . unwelcome information that Mrs. Sam
' wells, the mother of Martin Julian and
•• Mrs/Bcbsri Fitzsimmons, wa: dead.
She had been ailing for weeks, but it
"*. lie ver occurred to any of the family that
: ; her malady was likely to prove fatal. The
*' "physicians had given every encourage
." meat for the hope that she would recover.
.= When Fitz and Julian left the big
\. metropolis on their journey toward Car
• • son it was with full belief that Mrs. Fitz
aimmons, who remained behind to nurse
' hermother, would be able to follow within
a few days, and probably bo accompanied
" by Mrs. Samwolls.
• '• The news of to-day, however, was a Dlow
• to the whole camp. Julian took it most
 to heart, naturally. For an hour or more
th.3 poor little fellow lay upon a bed and j
' moaned and sobbed as if his heart would
b.eafc. He bad lost the best and only real
„„ friend he had on carth — his mother.
" "Martin, what effect will this news have
upon the right?" unthinkingly asked one
. of Fitzsimmonb 1 trainers, who endeavored I
to console the big pugilist's brother-in
law
"Oh, don't mention the fight to me," I
said Julian, turning upon the trainer say- j
agely. 'What do I care about the fight
now' l don't give a snap of my finger if
. it comes off or not." Then he sobbed
again like a child. 4 'Tuis is the cruelest
blow fate could have inflicted upon me," <
he said.
Fitzsimmons suspended his training J
work in consequence of the news and even |
" refused to receive visitors who drove out
to the ranch armed with passes and spe
cial permits to gaze upon him. Shortly ,
after lunch he and Julian drove into town
to send away some telegrams. Expres
sions of sympathy everywhere greeted
} • them, particularly Julian.
The latter was in doubt for some time
. as to whether or not he would start East
to-night in order to attend his mother's
• funeral, fie finally received a telegram
. from his sister, Mrs. Fitzsimmons, how
. ever, which had the effect of causing him
• td make up his mind definitely as to his
pians.
This dispatch conveyed the information
. • that Mr?. Fitzsimmons would have the
body embalmed and preserved in a receiv
; ing vault until after the Corbett-Fitzsim
mons contest, so that Martin and Bob may
see the remains before they are interred. "
Fitz had an odd experience while in
town this afternoon. He left Julian for a
.few minutes and went into the postofnee
to get bis mail. "While in there a dozen
or more amateur photographers lined up
In -front of the building and made ready
to "shoot" the Cornish man when he
should make his reappearance.
When Bob came to the door and beheld
• . w.i.at was in store for him he was immedl
")ely seized with an attack of cold feet.
■ eon tract for furnishing only exclusive
photographs stared him in the face and
the lear of forfeiting the few sheckels de
pending upon the :aithful fulfillment of
° that contract caused, his teeth to chatter.
He dared not confront that array of out
; laws, so he beat a nasty retreat, and be
seect.ed tne postmaster to hide him or let
1 im out of the building through some
dark and secret passage. . .
. . There are no tunnels or trapdoors in
'the Government building, so the best Bob
could get was a rear window.
He accepted this means of escape as it
.■only required a ten-foot drop into the soft
and spongy snow and all the rest seemed
easy. Fitz made the leap safely and was
chuckling merrily to himself over, the
j clever manner in which he had fooled the
1 kodac fiends when he happened to glance
lever his shoulder and discovered to his
'\h©rror that the horde of them were en
circling the entire building ana in hot
pursuit of him. Bob turned up bis oat
collar as a partial protection from the in
sinuating rays and then broke into a run.
He had not sprinted twenty steps, how
ever, before his lees got tangled up and he
went sprawling off the sidewalk and into j
the snow and slush in the street. He slid
* along on bis face, skinning his nose, and
. gathered up a mouthful of mud as he
went, and than wound up by standing on
his head.
:'■ By this time every one of the armed vil
lains was upon him, and before he could
\ recover himself dozens of photographs had
been taken of him i;« all of his chagrin and
.. humiliation,
• "Confound you fellows," wailed Fitz as
Be scrambled to bis feet and stood rip
ping with mud and looking like any thine
but a champion of the world. "Don't you
know that lam exclusive? What do you
. -m-an by, pursuing me in this manner?"
# Bat the echoine guffaws of the retreat
' ■ ■'l' kodak army was the only reply, and
Filz hied himself in (.'isgnst to a boot
-0 black stand to cet cleaned up.
Fitzsimmons has everything his own
ay out at Coot's ranch, so far as bis ex
ciusiveness is concerned, but when be
comes into town it is ano her story.;
A person .carrying anything^ looking
1 like a camera is promptly ordered off the
1 rcour.ds, and those who are not so firmed
I are trucked about by amateur sleuths as
, I Jong as they remain in the neighborhood.
f Tacked on the .fences, barns, thicken
i house?, and in fact every thing, that a tack
• will stick to are io do seen signs bearing
. the following legend:
• . : NOTICE. :
: People with kodaks are not allowed :
: on these grounds. By ora»r of . :
• • : : . • R. Fitzsimmons. :
SILER. DELANEY. JEFFRIES.
Trainers Delaney and Jeffries Arrive and Are Welcomed by Referee Siler.
Bob wants his friends to understand
that he is not getting to be a crar.t and
that he is not making himself uncivil and
offensive because he likes it. He says he
is trying to pick up some "easy" money
by acceding to tbe whim of one who has
dollars to throw away and he does not
want a good thing spoiled. Therefore he
will cont nue to be exclusive, so far as
posing for photographs is concerned, until
St. Patrick's day.
Fitz recently developed a surprising ap
prehension in regard to the Marquis of
Queensberry rules as interpreted by Ref
eree George Siler, and is still a topic of
most serious discussion among the sports
and betting men already on the ground.
Just what Fuz's conduct means is what is
puzzling them most.
Tho^e who do not know the Cornishman
intimately and are unfamiliar with his
craft and cunning are becoming otftspoken
in their belief that Bob is showing him
self to be weak-kneed by objecting to the
rule which permits hitting with a free arm
in the clinches and also in tbe breakaway.
They argue that bis conduct iooks par
ticularly suspicious in view of the fact that
he has always been considered Corbett's
superior as an in-fighter and a veritable
master of clinch and breakaway blows.
That he should oppose this metfiod of
lighting at this late tfay is taken as evi
dence that he is afraid of the big Califor
nian.
But this opinion Is not shared by the
wise ones, who are always on the alert for
the low down of every trick and turn in
sportdom. They well know that if Fitz
really feared any particular blow which
Corbett is practicing up be would not be
fool enough to let anybody know it, much
less the world.
These people shut one eye significantly
when the subject is broached to them and
advise you to "keep your shirt on and
watch for the joker."
"Juilan and a few more of them are
working that scheme," said one old sport
to me to-day. "They want to do a little
THE LADY AND MR. FITZ.
"BY A COPYRIGHTED IVOiM^N.
(Intercepted.)
To tbe Journal-Examiner (Copyrighted):
CARSON, Feb. 25, '97.
I awoke this morning and found myself famous.
Everybody seems to know that I am the lady who came here to interview the
pugilists tor the Examiner.
I find myself looking into mirrors and talking to myself.
Pray heaven 1 do not become insane.
1 wrote to Miss Anthony last night about the great victory achieved by our sex
in my advancement. 1 told her that the Examiner has six of its best men here, in
cluding the Business Manager and Sporting Editor. Yet they found it necessary
to send for me to do the work.
I do hope the men writers won't be jealous.
I urged Miss Anthony to recommend the Examiner to all her friends as the first
journal in the world, that had Corbett interviewed by a lady.
♦ * * _"'■;•■•■" * »•••.•%«
I have just learned that my article on Corbett was intercepted by THE CALL
and appeared in its columns this morning.
Isn't that just too dreadful? - -. . ■:
Some one must have tapped the wires or bribed the messenger.
1 suppose, Mr. Editor, tnat you can copy the article out of THE CALL. Per
haps it would be well to wait a day or two before you let it appear. 1 remember
that last week we printed a story about a gentleman whose eyes were injured by a
quail flying in his face. I read the story in THE CALL four months ago, yet lam
told you marked it "exclusive" on the paper you sent to Mr. Hearst.
Aren't you "cute
Now we're copyrighted we can copy everybody's stories and no one can copy us.
I have seen Mr. Fitz, and in consequence am suffering from a bilious attack !
Ihe idea of pitting that sprawling heap of angles against the statuesque Mr.
Corbett! 1 didn't need your instructions to give Fitz the worst of it.
He deserves the worst. /
He treated rae-nw like a beast I saw him at his quarters and told him that 1
had been sent to interview him by the Examiner.
.Got a bell on you? >J> he asked sneeringly.
No 1 haven't," 1 said, and my blue eyes blazed with anger. "Why do
you ask?" *
..i " l£^ nt know ." he drawled, "but what you might get lost or stolen up here.
Its a wild country."
"I suppose you think it strange," I said, "that a defenseless woman should be
sent to interview you, but the Examiner will yet send women to do stranger things
than this." . .: • . . • s
"I don't doubt it," he growled. "I suppose I'll see you at the next cocking
main, or maybe you II take in the comin' dog-fight How would a good lively pie
sdckin' tee suit you?" yb
"I trust," I replied, stiffly, "that the great paper which employs me will always
find me at the post of duty, no matter how difficult or dangerous that post may be.
Dog-ti?htor man-fight, ic's all the same."
"But," I asked, "why do you write for a paper of which you have so poor an
opinion r
"Maybe I want to play even," he snarled. "Maybe the Examiner didn't have
Wyatt barp made referee of tie last fight Maybe Earp didn't throw the fight
Maybe 1 wasn t swindled out of $10,000 by the little game, and maybe 1 don't want
to get back the money I lost"
"But Mr. Fitz, dear Mr. Fitz," I said, coaxingly, "surely yofci don't blame me
for that. I wasn ton the paper then. Now what snail write for you ?"
Oh, write any old rot that comes into your head. It'll be no better nor worse
than the columns of slush they are writing about me every day."
So I wrote the following, which sounds just like what we've been publishing
about this rude man: b
"Each day 1 feel the effects less of my daily work and rise in the morning free
from a condition of soreness. The work to-day was most satisfactory. The only
embarrassment I have suffered at all is a slignt soreness on the ball of the right
foot, caused by continually springing around upon thai portion of my pedal extremi
ties. This will disapp?ar in a day or two.
"The country is still covered with snow, which is slowly melting, filling the
atmosphere with humUity, thus enablirrg me to get good sweats. I am all right uo
to this date and buiiaing rapidly for the great event
"Green and 'Mysterious billy' Smith should put up a rattler. I refereed
Green s contfst with Paddy Smith nearly four years ago and then called him as a
comer with the development which comes with seasoning and proper tuition. There
are any number of things I would rather miss than a warm and close bird shoot
What, with these four events crowding one on top of the other, the irreconcilable
who suffers from ennui here three weeks hence is indeed a subject of pity."
edna edwina Edith Egerton.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 26, 1897.
gambling on the result of the tight, and
they want to get as big odds as possible.
They have got to do something to prevent
the price from rising.
'•You need not be surprised to hear of
Fitz kicsing up all sorts of rows over tbe
rules and everything else between now
and the 17th of March, so as to keep up
tbe impression that be is shaky. Those
folra know what they are doing, and they
are as sharp a set as ever came over the
pike."
Fitz himself is inclined to come down
somewhat from his perch so to speak, in
reference to his complaint about tbe
rules. During a short chat I had with
him this afternoon while he was in town,
be declared that his sole objections had
been misunderstood. .
"Siler does me an injustice when he
says that I expressed a desire not to live
! up to the agreement to hit in the clinches
land breaks," he said. "I don't think,
: however, that he would intentionally
! wrong me. He simply muuuder
! stood. What I said was that I
I was opposed to the issuance of
! any set of rules at this time
j which would bind me down to any
j particular method of fighting and permit
i Corbet: to concentrate his practice on tac
tics by which he would bt enabled to
; block my best blows. I suggested tha*
! the matter of rules be left until the
I day of the contest and have them
j announced whiie we are in the
j ring. That would allow Corbett and
myself to practice all of the styles during
our training and wouid be as fair to one
las to the other. lam not afraid to meet
Corbett at any style of fighting ever
heard of, but I want a square deal,
i that's all. 1 will be satisfied to allow
! hitting in tbe clinches, or I will agree to
! breakaway clean, but I don't propose to
i enter into a compact to adopt either style
i until the day of the fight. Now there is
tbe whole story in t. nutshell."
X had a talk subsequently with Siler
and explained Fitsimmons' version to
him. The famous referee smiled.
"That was scarcely the wny Bob pat it
when he and I first discussed the matter,"
said he. "But I cannot see where any
good can be accomplished by stirring
up the affair by discussing it. I think
Fitz looks at the matter in a reasonable
light and will in a few days announce his
willingness to stand by the rules. Of
course, it is not in my province to dic
tate fust what rules shall govern the con
test unless tbe principals fail to reach an
understanding. For all I know they may
both decide to bar tbe clinch blow, and in
that event I would have nought to do but
to agree, too, and see that they lived up to
their agreement. But, don't you see, a
violation of .hat understanding wouid be
a foul, and it micht occur in the first round.
You can readily imagine what a howl
would go up from the spectators if I should
decide against either man in the begin
ning of the contest on a technicality, and
yet I would only be doing my duty. It is
on this very account that I wish both
men to enjoy the widest latitude
so far as mattery of this
kind are concerned, thus lessening the
possibility of fouis, squabbles and all
around dissatisfaction. Thousands upon
thousands of dollars will depend upon
my decision, and I want my task made
easy as possible. I want to see a fair and
square contest to a finish and to see the
bett man wiri."
Corbett is not mc ined to express him
self in anything like & pronounced way
regarding Fitzsimmons' decree. He seems
to doubt the Cornishman's sincerity.
"I propose to keep right on practicing
the clinch work," he said to-day, with a
significant smile. "Fiiz need not think
he can jolly m« into easing up in the least
I will go into tbe ring x repured to fight
under any and all rules, and I euess you
will tind that the regular Marquis of
Queenst>erry rules will prevail."
The Californian had his first bout this
morning with Jeffries, the Dusky Los
Angeles youth, who joined the Jratners'
ranks yesterday. They exchanged some
heavy blows, but still neither of them
essayed to extend himself to the limit.
They are not well enough acquainted as
yet for that
But nevertheless it was a rattling bout,
and Jeffries' work pleased Corbett im
mensely. He announced that he had at
last found somebody who he thought
could treat him to the sort of give-and
take bouts necessary in a pugilist's train
ing.
"He is as strong as a young lion," said
Jim, "and is one of tbe most willing lads
I ever sparred with. He is exactly my
height, and I think we are about even as
to reach. He is quiet, hits hard and is
quite ciever. I am satisfied that Jeffries
will prove a great help to me in my pre
paratory work. Of course, we hive not
loosened up yet, but we will be at each
other good and fast in the course of a
coupl* of days."
Apd- Jeffries is equally pleased with
Corbett. After the bout was over he told
me that the big fellow's wind was won
derful. Jeffries hes just gone through a
course of training himself, and naturally
exp'Cted to be able to bold out quite
awhile against Corbett.
But the latter completely wore him
out, and then went at Woods and Joe
CorDett. Jeffries expects to improve his
science greatly during his stay with Cor
bett, and admits that this, more than any
thing else, prompted him to accept the
offer to come here and assist in the big
fellow's training.
George Green, tbe well-known San Fran
cisco welter-weight, who is known pro
fessionally as "Young Corbett," because
it was the champion who rirst brought
him out, arrived nere this morning and is
now quartered at Shaws Springs along
with Corbett and his retinue.
George is matched to fight "Mysterious"
Billy Smith of Boston on the 16th of
March knd will do his training with his
old tntor. With Jeffries, Woods, Green
and Brother Joe to spar with daily, Corbett
will have no reason to complain of lack
of work in that line.
Then, big Jack McVey, the wrestler, has
recovered from his illness, and can re
sume his hugging bouts with the Cahfor
nian; Billy Delaney is on the ground to
attend to toe rubbing down and superin
tend matters generally, and Charley
White, the mm who u-ed to train Fitz,
will be here to-morrow to ioiu the ranks.
Besides all tiio-e, Al Hampton, the crack
San Francisco handball p. aver, arrived to
day to assist Jim in the court, and thus
take some or the work off Joe Corbett's
bands. So it will be seen that Corbett is
pretty well fixci so far as trainers are
concerned.
William A. Brady, Corbett's theatrical
partner and backer, is expected to arrive
here in the mornintr. It is said that Billy
bts a long aact and that he intends to pat
it all up on Corbett's chances.
The news from Dan Stuart's quarters
to-day is to the fact that be is recovering
from his attack of pneumonia very rapidly
and will be able to be out by Saturday.
The management of the Virginia nnd
Truckee Railroad had a large force of sur
veyors and track- layers out to-day build
ing a number of sidetracks between Car
son and Reno in order to facilitate the
handling of 200 or more Pullman I
sieepers which are expected here with
parties from all parts of the continent.
The road bad is also being strengthened
and everything in general being put into
shape for tht> anticipated rush.
J. G. Mansfield.
THAT VIGEOS SHOOT.
trie S for U men ».,m Here Will Enter
the Con'eit.
Dan Stuart, the sport promoter, has de
cided to give $1000 cash for a live bird pig
eon shooting tournament to be held in
Carson daring the week of the fistic fes
tival.
Stuart is figuring upon having a large
number of entries from the East, Jas there
are several hrst-cla«s professional pigeon
shooters living on the other side of the
mountains.
In. making a canvas among the noted
trap shooters of this City it was learned
that of the many very good shooters who
have established excellent records before
the traps not one man had deeded upon
I participating in the Carson shooting tour
| nament.
Otto Feu iner thought that prize-fight
ing and pigeon-shooting would* not travel
hand in hand, and as the whole thine was
purely a gambling scheme, he expected to
near of the trap-shooting vemure ending
in a dismal failure.
'"In iact, I don't expect to hear of any
of tue boys who reside in this City." laid
Feudner. "taking part in the festival, be
cause tiiose of them who may desire to
contest in the race for the big pot have not
the wherewithal to carry them throuch.
The expenses of the trip and the entrance
money, which is $")0, will deter many
from going, even though they may fancy
competing against the Eastern cracks."
Stuart i* not figurine upon having any
entries from this City, but he says that all
sportsmen are welcome and that the tour
nament will be open to all.
GARDEN CITX CYCLE MEET.
Zirgler and McFitrtnntt to Xace for a
Purtn of $500.
SAN JOSE. Cal., Feb. 25.— The Garden
City Cyclers will hold a race meet at iheir
track on Saturday. March 13. The feature
of the event will be a match between
Floyd McFirland and Otto Z.egierfora
purse of $500. Michael, the Welsh cham
pion, will make his first appearance on
the coast here, and in all probability will
ride a live-mile match race with Becker,
the Minneapolis champion. There will
be a number of races for professionals and
amateurs.
Xanta Hn/ta's k:i,j Bieyle Me*t.
SANTA ROSA, Cal , Feb. 25.—Arrange
ments for the big bicycle meet, which
begins here Saturday, are almost com
plete. The new bicycle track is being put
in first-cla~s condition. Already a large
number of leading racing men hay« ar
rived, among tbem being Zei^ler, Allan
Jones, Becker. Lous head. Terrill, Byrnes,
Freeman, McFnrhnd and Stevens.
The mammoth clothing eitabiishment
at F;fth and Market streets is the only
store of ijummeriiel ! & Roman.
MB. WM MYCROFT, 454 Minna street.
HAS STRAIGHT AS A STRING." "AS
** bright as a dollar," "as strong as an
ox," is William Mycroft of 454 Minna street.
In the pnr.anje of his trade he "slings the
hammer," «nd right merrily does tlie anvil
resound a* the spirts sputter and fir ami th<*
treht, big beads of honest toil fall down and
around «nd about the cheerful, healthful f-ict-
of William Mycroft. 1 s«w him yesieniav
He stopped f«r a few moments and told tee
what be ibonfthj «>f the crest Calitornian herb
rem^dr, JOY'S VEGETABLE *AR«AI'ARILLA
He told me how tie had been suffering from
liver trouble, then riains in his bucic, how lit
kept awake «t night, scratching, scratching—
always Rrratcbing; how he took a medicine
with iodide of potash ; how the scr«t< hlng be-
came worse; then he uxel the Californittn
h rb remedy, JOY'S VEGETABLE SaRSAPA-
KILLA. He nitudeo from ihe first week. H
got better and better; was now well. Wt- said -
"I »m glitd I iimlsted on getting JOY'S VEGE-
TABLE SARSAPARILLA. You know som*
druggists always try to make you take juti
what you don't want. When 1 went in for mv
stcond bottle I had to tak an hour before !
got it. You bet, I tret JOY'S VEGETVBLI
bARSAPARILLA when I «a:it a good b!oo<!
purifier. See— look at my hands and face
They are not tilled with blood blotchy*. ar<
they? Weil, they were six week* aao; that's
beiore 1 bernn to u»e JOY'S VEGETaBLI
BARSAPARILLA." AS I leit I could hear the
jrnnd man bent out on his anvil JOY'S, JOY'S
I JOY'S for the jaded.
NEW TO-DAT— CLOTHING.
MAKER AND
WEARER
Not a dollar of profit shared with
any one else. No middlemen be-
tween you and us to make enor-
mous profits. • •
FOR MAN, BOY AND CHILD,
RETAILED DIRECT TO YOU
AT STRICTLY
WHOLESALE PRICES!
Oome to XJs.
Open Sa/t"u.rcLa,y
Evening till 1O o'olook.
BROWN BROS. & CO.,
WHOLESALE MFRS. OF CLOTHING,
PROP'S OREGON CITY WOOLEN MILLS,
121=123 SANSOME STREET
SECOND BLOCK LOOK FOR THE
FROM MARKET. BLUE SIGNS.
RAILROAD TRAVEL:
■omiii:bx PACIFIC COJIPANT.
(FACIFIO SYSTEM.)
frnln» Iruvr nnil «»!•«• duo to nrrlfe at
KAN ritAN«'IN4'O-
LKAVg — >kom February 15. 1897 — arrive
•w:O»a Kilts, MM Jose and Way SUtions... »:43a
> 7:00 a Atlantic Express, ()g'ii;n and l'.ar.t.. 8:45?
•^ 7s«Oa Konicij., Vacatilie, Kuuisey. Sacra- -
mento. Oi'oTillo and Redding . via .
DaTis «s43p
7:30 a Martinez, San Ramon, Vallejo, Kapa, '
OalUtoga and Santa Rosa "6513"
8:3OA Nilen, Bau .lose. Stock tou, lone,
Sacramento, Marjßville, Chioo, '
• • Tcliaiaa and Red liltill -«:!.■»►
••:30a Peters ami Milton »7:13r
»:<»(» a >'ew Orleans I ;xi<rue3, Raymond (for
Yosouiitc), l''»'i-siio, Jiakcrsliclil,
BanU llarliara, 1 .03 Angeles, Dera-
'■ ■ lug. El Paso, Ne-.r Orleans and
East 4:43p
»:QOa Martinez and Stockton 4:4~>p
0:00 a Vallejo 6:13p
Kites, San Jose, Livermoro and
5t0ckt0n......... 7:13p
•l:OOp Sacramento River Steamers "9:00p
% l:OOp Nilcs, Ban Jose and Lirermore 8:43 a
tl:3» Port CosU and Way Stations t?:43r
4:UOi- Martinez, Ssn Ramon. Vallejo,
Kapa, Catiatoea, El Verauo and
.Santa Rosa '.. 0:13 a
4:00p Benicia, Vacarille, WootUan^
Knights Landing, Marysville, Oro-
Tills au<l Sacramento 11: 15a
4i3op Lathrop, Stockton, Modesto, Mar.
ced and Fresno, going via Nilea,
returning via. Martinez 11i43a
OiOOpLos Angeles Exprosa. Tracy, ' . >.;
Fresno, Santa Barbara and Los 7..,.
Augelwi /.45A
OlOOp Santa Fo Route. Atlantic Express m
for Mojaru and East » :45A
6:OOi> Kurope.vi Mail, Ocdan and Hast.... 9:4.1 a
6«oor> Ilajrn-nr.h, Nileaan.l San Jose 7i4»A
J7:ooi' Vallejo ■»7:45»
7:OOi* Oregon Jixprass, Sacramento, Marys*
tilie. Rf.lciiiik', Portland, Tugek
Soiiml ami Vast llllSA
i^IOiOOp " Sunset Limited." Fresno, Los ,
Angeles, Hi Paso, New Orleans
' and E<mt jl«»4Sp
SANTA Ci:l(/ 1) IVI->ION arrow UaegC).
•ilsa Newark, <,'uiit«rTi)lf,.S:iii.loae.Felton, ~"~~
Bouliler Creek, Santa Cruz and Way
Stations , 3:30p
•a«18p Newark. CentcrTille, SanJcac, New
Aliiir-ilen, Felton, Boulder Creek,
Santa Cruz and Principal Way
Stations *11i30a
4:151- Newark. Kan JaM and I.os «!utos ... 0:30.i
t11:43p Hu'itera' Excursion, San Joso and
. ■ . - Way Stations !7:20p
COAST IU VISION ( third X lihtiismhl M.h.)
0:43 \ hati Jo.-a anil Way .SUtioiiH (New
Almatlou Wctlnqiiluysonly) li3op
>il3a Kan .line, IVm I'inos, Smit:i Cruz.
Pucltic <>rore, I'aso Rubles, San
Luis Ol>ispi>. Guidalupe, Surf and
Principal Way .Stations 7:00?
IO:4O.\ San Jose iiutl Wiiy .Stations 3:00p
I1:»Oa Palo Alto &:»l Wiiy Ktalious 8:30»
■■l— I San Matco, Menlo Park, .Sou .lose,
fHIwJ. Xres rinos, Scntii Cms,
Balinas,Montcrfyaiiill':icitic(;rove *1O:4O&
•3:»Op San Joro and Way Htatlons S*49a
•l:3Oi-Kau Je;eau<l Way Stations.... ♦8:O."»a
3:30p S» . 7oso ami Principal Way Stations *8:43 a
o:'lWf Sa.ll Jose ami Way .5tati0n5......... ' «::»."»A
|11:43 - S..ii .lose mi. l WavSUt-onH.. \--.-i'*f
' NAN I *,AM»UO A.M> 11AVWAKU> I,<M Al,.
i*6:UOA*. ( 7:13 a
8:OOa I (9:43
iHSa Seminary Park, JVliv"
«:oop FiWH>urg,Sani>aadro ti:4.ip
8:OOp nd » 4:43p
4:<)Op 1 S:43p
3:OOp IlaiwiriliL 6:13?
8:3 or Harward*. 7:4ap
7:O0p *:4%j
K:OOp ', _ .. . . „_ 8:45p
O:0Op < Hans through to Nile*. 1O:3Op
ttll:l3pj tFromNiles.  v tH2:OOp
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
From SIN mKCISCO— Foot of Market Street (Slip 8)—
•7:15 9*o 11:00 a.m. Jl:00 *2:00 t3:C3
•4:CO JS:OO •C:3Op.S.
From OIKUKD— Foot of Broid war.— "0:00" 8:00
JOKWa.m. tl2:00 »l:00 1 t2:00 *3:CO Ji.-03
•5^)3 i.m.
: A for Morning. P for Afternoon. ■
' Sundays executed. 1 Saturdays only,
{ Sundays only.
It Monday, Thursday and Saturday nights only. •
"CTnecdays and Saturdays. 8 Sundays and Thursday*.
Atlantic I l|^|iS|'*i
RAILROAD S^^^^^S
Trains leave ani *tci*» a: aSbsf^SSiSE
ilarkefc-Btre«t Ferry. Plltt^pfll&nSii
SASTA fFeXPRESS. I^^^M
X ° Ch tet V l!fn£- * P 'V&ggosgg
d * * l6:j01 '- ii..carrvlnr rull-iian Palaos
Draw c -r<«m and Modern Lp.iolsr-.-rVd TonrUt
bieeplng-cara. QICn run dally thrPd?h to Chi"a£
2?ula^ '' Annex carj lor D«nTer and is?
Uoston tKi cantons, via Kansas City, Chlcara
•fonu*al and th« White J4ounUklat ieav. eViry
The best railway from California to the Easi. i
New rails, new ties: no dust: in'erestlnK scenes
ana good meals in Harvey's dining-rooms. ■
Ban Francisco Ticket Office, 64* Marks)
St., Chronicle Building. Telephone Mala
1031* i)Mkl»ml, Ilia liroiid way.
. . ' RAILROAD TRAVEL.
FRASCISCO & NORTH PA-
: CIFIC RAILWAY CO.
! Tlburon Ferry— Foot of Market St.
Ean Francisco to San Rafael.
WEEK DA 7:30. 9:00. 11:00 a. st: 12:3%
• 3:30, 6:10, 6:30 P. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 P. it Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:55
and 11:30 p. it
i 6CNDAYS— s:00, 8:30, 11:00 a.m.; 1:30, 3:3 A
(>:(X), 8:20 P. x.
San Kafael to San Fn»ncl«ro.
WEEK DAYS— 6:IS, 7:50, 9:20, 11:10 a. >f
12:45, 3:40, 6:10 p. x. Saturdays— Extra tript
at 1:55 P. w. and 6:35 P. k. Pi
SUNDAYS— B:I U, 9:40, 11:10 a. m.; 1:40, 3:il
5:00, 6:25 p. if.
Between San Francisco and Schaetzea Part sam»
schedule as above.
.Leave j Tnp ff~- Arrive
San Francisco. | oct! 14? Ban Francisco.
Wr.r.K Sun- u^^iian Svs ' I w ««
Days. | pays, "gstinatlon. BAY^ | Day^
7:30 am 8:00 am! No%ato, 10:40 ami 8:40 Alt
3:30 ru 9:30 am l'etaluma, 6:10 pm 10:25 ah
6:10 pm 5:00 pm Santa Kosa. 7:35 pm 6:22 pm
Fulton,
7:30 am Windsor. 10:25 AX
Healdsburg,
l ytton,
Geyserville,
3:30 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:58 pm 6:23 waT
Pieta,
Eopland & . ©w: ■ ?V-
-7 :30 am I 8:00 AM Uklah. 7:35 pm 6:2 a
■ 7:30 am '* 10:25 Akt
1 8:00 am GnerneTllle. 7:35 pm
3:30 PM I 6:22 px
7:30 am 1 8:00 aH Sonoma 10:40 am 8:40 am
and
, 6:10 pm[Voo PM Glen Ellen. 6:10 pm 6:22 Pii
' 7:30 am 1 8:00 am! c^hMtonol ] 10:40 am 110:2. ASt
■ 3:3opmls:oopm! Seba3topoL I 6:10 pal 6:22
Maces connect at Santa Kosa for Mart West
1 Springs: at Geyserville for Skaters Springs; at
I Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Pieta for Highland
Springs, Kclseyvtlle, Soda Bay and i~ak«port; at
I Hopland for Lakeport and* Bart; Sprincs: at
i Ukiah for Vichy .springs, Saratoga Springs. Blao
Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake, Upper Lake, Porno, Potter
Valley. John Day's, Riverside, I.lerley's, Buck*
1 I nells, Sanbedrin Heights. Kullville. Boonevilta,
' i Greenwood, Orr's Hot Springs. Mendoclno City,
■ Fort Brag's, Wostport, Uaal, wUteta. Cahto. Co-
ve:o. Laytonvilie, Harris, Scotia and Eureka.
- Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at reduoel
rates. .
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all points bo*
yond San Kafael at half ra"-**-
• Ticket Offices. 650 Market St., Cnronlcl« hnlldlaj.
A. W. FOSTER, R. X. RYAN,
I'n-s. and Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD
(Via Sausalito Ferry).
I JTrom San Francisco, Commencing Sept. 13, 1833.
WEEKDAYS.
For 51111 Valley ami San Kara*!— «7:2s, •3:15.
11: 0 a.m. »1:45. 3:45, •5:16. •i:44,t»:30 p.m.
Extra trips for San Katael on Mondays, Wednes-
days and Saturdays at 11 :30 p. h.
SUNDAYS.
■ For Mill Valley snd Sen Rafael— *B:oo, »10:00
j •11-.3J >. m.: •l;cO. 3:00, »4:SO. 6:15 p. it
I Trains marked • run to Sun Cjuentln.
THROUGH TRAINS.
For Point Reyes and way stations— 7:2s a. it
Weekdays, 8:00 a. m. Sundays, 1:45 p. m. Satur-
days.
iOr Cazudero and way stations— 7:2s a. M. week-
days; 1:45 P. m. Saturdays.
MOUNT TAIBALPAIS.
Trains connect with North Paolllfl
Coast KailroaU.
WEKK DAYtj-LeaveaF. 9:11 a. m. 1:4-v f m.
Returning— Arrive S. K. 3:25 p it 6:20 p M.
6UINDAYS— LeeveS.F.BA.M 11:30 a.m. I:BU«.Ki
ReturninK— 5.F. 1:16r.1i 4:20 P.M. 7:35 p ml
Tickets for sale in Mill Valley or .
1f ,,,TH0.s COOK & MOiCtt, 621 Market at., 8. W.
HiU Valley and Mount TamaJpaU bocaic BMlwaf,
. the m mum na m jjaquii
VALLEY CAILVJT COIPA)!.
FROM JANUARY 31, 1897. passenger tralna V
will run daily:
[ >nuihb3und. Stations. Korthboand,
7:2» a. m. :.. Stockton ....... 5:40 p. *-
9:49 a.m. Mercei ......S:l4p jc
11. TO a m.*. ■...Fre5n0.'..:. ...... 1:10 p.m.
For Intermediate stations see ti ne-iable.
■ Connecting stonmboats of the (i": N. & I. Cat
I eavt? .Ban F;-a»i tsro a d %i Wki"ti at 6p. M. daily- '
■ , ■ ■_ .. "/■'■ ■■■'■■ '•'•■.■■■ - ■
•VdsS :i *is*»s!***£ ie (3 is a aon-poisenou*
« <^rS^S*^^***&^ < vl remedy for (.ojorrhrra,
jF&SbrCVRE.s>%2;A JjJ?«t, 6>ormatc>rrha!a!
jPWPy in 1 to 5 <i»t». Vg whites, unnatural ilia.
BSm Outr»nued f| charges, or any intlamma-
Hil n«t to itrfetore. tion, irritation or ulcf ra-
y*-fHPrtvtau eonuaion. tion of mucous ri)em-
KTttrHEEYANSCHEUICIino. braneB - Non-a«tringen-.
mAc!NC!NNATI,O Sold b 7 »rnirsi»tc,
XS. a. A 2JRJI or sent ' n plain wr->ppfl-.
I^nHsW. U. 3. a a Hr or express, prepal-l, f^c
(1.00,'0r 3 bottlJs, tf.7\
I 1. 00 -- or 3 bottlJs, $.7\
'^KW^» m Ciicular Beat or, r. «sj(;
56
CHARLES M. SHORTRIDQE,
Editor and Proprietor.
SUBSCRIPTION RATES- Postage Free i
Dully and Sunday Call, cne week, by carrier. .SO.IB
Dally and Sunday Call, oi.e yenr, by mall 6.00
Daily and Sunday Call, six months, by mall.. 9.00
Dally and Sunday Call, three months by mail 1.60
Dally and Sunday Call, one month, by maiL. .63
Sunday Call, one year, by mall I.M j
Vi kMJLLK Call, one year, by mail IM \
BUSINESS OFFICE:
710 Market Street,
Pan Francisco, California.
Telephone..... Maln-18M
EDITORIAL ROOMS:
.:: ■-- 617 Clay Street.
T*!ephOß« MBln-H74
BRANCH OFFICES i
627 Montgomery street, corner Clay; open until
G:SO o'clock.
339 Hayes street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
CIS I arkln street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
BW. corner .sixteenth and Mission streets; opea
• n:ll 9 o'clock.
2518 Mission street: open until 9 o'clock.
167 Ninth street; open until 9 o'clock.
1305 Polk street: open until 9:30 o'clock,
OAKLAND OFFICB:
608 Broadway.
EASTERN OFFICE:
rooms si and 92, 34 Park Row, New York City.
• DAVID M. FOLTZ, Eastern Manager.
THE CALL SPEAKS FOR ALL.
FRIDAY FKBKUARY 2t\ 1897
During the week ending Sat-
urday last THE CALL published
"3=SOO inches
of advertisements, which is
492 inches more
than was published by any other
San Francisco newspaper during
the same time.
Work on the new Federal building
should begin before summer.
The new Poatoffice we need, and the
new Postofficft we must have.
Every day we have some new reason for
rejoicing that the remaining days of Cleve
landi>m are few.
Bryan has been welcomed in Washing
ton and given a banquet, but all the name
he is a sideshow.
It seems well assured that San Pedro is
to pet the dee j -water harbor. Here's to
you, Los Angeles.
The powers seem to have interfered in
Crete, not so much to save it for Turkey
as to keep the Greeks from getting it.
The Senate has made another effort to
force Olney to action, but the effort was in
vain. Mr. Olney will not move until he
moves out.
It looks as if the administration had a
special apite against San Francisco and
held back the work on the new Posioffice
building to gratify it.
The design for the new Federal building
is not handsome, but the structure will
piease the people better when completed
fbau it does on paper.
The way to get a move on the officials at
Washington and start work on the Fed- i
era! building is to begin a movement here
and mate it energetic
The trouble with "yellow-dog journal
ism" is that it chases its own fake lail
around, instead of shewing a nose for
news and following the trail.
There would be work for a good many of
the unemployed if the Government would
expend the money which Congress has
appropriated for use in this City.
One of the merits of the boulevard
scheme is its ca; ability of indefinite ex
pansion. There is no telling how far it
will go when it once gets started.
The differences between Olney and Lee
renew the old eonte-t between the Puritan
and the cavalier, but fortunately both are
going out of office very soon and they will
not disturb the country long.
By energetic action we may bring about
the beginning of work on the Government
building in this City before spring is over,
and the result will amply repay all the
energy employed to attain it.
Before the powers venture upon the ex
p?riment of providing a government for
Crete under international supervision,
they had better make a new study of the
result of a similar experiment in Samoa.
The very fact that the Greeks are con
fronted in Crete not by the Turks but by
other powers is a proof that the Turkish
empire has virtually ceased to exist and
the territory is now in the hands of a
syndicate.
Ea-tern papers are announcing the re
appearance ot robins in their city parks,
just as if they had forgotten that such an
nouncements are almost equivalent to
•advertising for spring poetry and pre
cipitating the rush*.
People who wish to see old Egypt must
hurry up, for a new one is coming fast. A
concession has just been granted to a com
pany to run an electric road frotn Cairo to
the pyramids. The day of the donkey
boy will soon be over.
The Cleveland administration will tnrn
the affairs of the country over to Mc-
Kinley tangled up both at home and
abroad. The advance agent of prosperity
Wiil hava to whirl in and do a lot of house
cleaning and straightening up before he
can begin business.
Cleveland has managed to get one more
message to Congress condemning the pan
j-ion» given to those who were wounded in
the war for the Union or to the widows ot
those who died. He seems 10 be under
tha impression that everybody ought to
have hired a substitute and let it go at
that.
The Democratic members of Congress
from California did not have influence
enough with the Democratic administra- j
tion to advance the construction of the
Federal build n£ in this City, but we can
count on the Republican members to do
belter when AicKinley cornea in.
Because Senator Sherman denounced
the fake interview witb him published in
the Examiner as a lie, and sa*d the publica
tion of such statements in "sheer idiocy,"
it must not be supposed he is unfavorable
to the Cuban cause. He i< silent on the
subject now because of the fact that he is
soon to be Secretary of State, but his
record as chairman of tne Foreign Rela
tions Committee of the Senate shows what
his sentiments are.*
BEGIN THE WORK.
The only way to bring about an early beginning of the work of constructing the
new Federal building in thia City, for which an appropriation has long since been
made by Congress, is for tne people, through their Representatives, to enter at once
upon an earnest and determined agitation to that end. There is no hope of getting
anything from the present administration, which is now rapidly drawing to a close,
but we may accomplish something from the incoming administration if we are prompt
and emphatic in pressing our claims at this juncture.
Reports published in The Call yesterday of inierviews with the supervising archi
tect and with members of the California delegation in Congress show that there is
hardly any reason or even an excuse for the long delay which has been made in be
ginning the work. Congressman Maguire, who, beinc a Democrat, may be supposed
to know something of the motives of the Democratic officials, declares that he is sat
irfied that the Treasury Department has been for a long time determined not to com
mence the construction or the Posloffico under the present administration. If Mr.
Maeuire has been of this conviction for any length of time it it to be regretted that
he did not make it known earlier in order that popular pressure might have been
brought to force the Secretary of the Treasury to either commence the work or make
public bis reasons for reusing to do so.
Congressman Loud agrees with his colleague Maguire that the Treasury D part
ment has intentionally postponed the work and has been seeking excuses all along
for the delay. As Mr. Loud is a Republican he could have but little influence with
the present administration, and therefore he is not to blame for not more vigorously
pressing upon the Secretary of the Treasury the importance of the wort to San Fran
cisco and the urgent need of completing the building. A Republican admin stration,
however, will soon be in office, and we count upon Mr. Loud and other Republicans
in the California delegation to Be more active in urging the work than their Demo
cratic colleagues have been in the oast.
We must not, however, leave the whole work to our delegation In Washington.
There should be sent from this City petitions and representations of the strongest
kind from all associations acting for the business interests and industries of the City,
setting forth the need of the building for Federal uses and the importance of
beginning the work now in order to provide employment for the workingmen of the
City.
The agitation of the subject when once begun should be kept np continuously
until the end has been attained. We have had ample experience to show that as long
as we are indifferent the Government is likely to be equally so. The incoming admin
istration will have a great deal on its bands at the commencement of its terra of
office. It will naturally overlook the claims of San Francisco if they were not persist
ently urged upon the attention of its officials. That urging must be done by our
Board of Trade, Chamber of Commerce, Supervisors and citizens generally, as well as
by our delegation in Congress, and in order that it may be promptly effected prepara
tions for it should be undertaken at once.
Congressman L,oud declares that when a new Secretary is installed in the Treasury
Department he le6ls quite confident something can be done to promote the
worfe. In an interview with the representative of The Call he expressed the belief
that it may be possible to have the work under way by the middle of April. It is
certainly worth while working to that end, and if we do so with proper unity and
energy the hope may be realized.
The important point of the whole issue is for the people to comprehend that we
can attain nothing unless we work for it. Delay will Da prolonged upon one excuse
or another unless the people of Fan Francisco act with as much vim and vigor as do
the people of other cities who have equally large interests in Government appropria
tions. It must be borne in mind that since the appropriation was made for the
Federal building in this City money has been voted for buildings in other cities, and
these are now well advanced toward completion. To some extent, there
fore, we are to blame for not having our building before this. In a particular degree
the Democratic Senator and Democratic Congressman have been guilty of neglect in
not exerting more of that influence which they necessarily had with the Democratic
administration, and it behooves Republican delegates in Congress to show more dili
gence and zeal than was shown by tbtir Democratic colleagues.
San Francisco needi the building, her workingmen need the labor which its con
struction will give. Let us then unitedly work together to realize the promise con
tained in the words of Congressman Loud and see the construction begun before the
beginning of summer.
THE COONEY CASE,
We publish this morning a correction
by Judge Cook of certain misrepresenta
tions made of his recent charge and in
structions to the Grand Jury in the
Cooney case; and while interest in that
case is now largely discounted by the fact
that the real merits of the controversy over
the "pencil deeds" in the Fair estate liti
gation are to be fully brought out and set
tled by the civil suit which begins before
Judge Slack on Monday, the explanation of
Judge Cook should be carefully read by all
who wish a clear and exact understand
ing of the situation as it now stands.
It had been stated that in his charge to
the Grand Jury Judge Cook alluded to
certain certificates which had been printed j
at the suggestion of counsel in a collateral I
case and had reflected upon the conduct ;
of the counsel in having the work done, j
Having had hii attention call*d to these
misrepresentaiions or misconstructions of
his charge. Judge Cook emphatically re
pudiated them, and as will be seen by our ,
report this morning, declared that such an ,
idea wa< furthest from his mind when he
wrote and filed his instructions to the
jury.
With this incident closed, the Cooney |
ca c gives way in public interest to the
suit which begins on Monday, in which
the whole controversy wiil be tried on its '
merits and the facts involved in th« issue
fully sat forth. As a matter of fact the
criminal charge against Cooney should
never have been brought at all while the
civil suit was pending. If the evidence in
the civil proceedings shows any illegal
acts on either aide it will then be time
enough to take steps for the prosecution
of the guilty pa'ties. The officers of the
law in this instance seem to have been
overzealous, for it Is clearly against pub
lic policy that civil suits should be fore
stalled by proceedings which are calcu
lated to prejudice the public mind against
one of the parties, and thereby endanger
the causn of impartial justice.
As the civil suit which is to test the
validity of the so-called "pencil deeds" is
now about to be taken up there is no rea
son why the public should be pnt to any
further expense in prosecuting the charges
against Notary Cooney. Every particle of
evidence concerning the deeds and all
other points of pertinence to the issue |
will be brought out in the testimony to be '
given during the civil trial. The Grand !
Jury will then have ample evidence on <
which to bane its conclusion. If it under
takes a separate investigation it will entail
a considerable cost upon the County with
out gaining any compensating advantage
or conferring any benefit either upon the
people or upon the cause of justice.
SAN PEDRO HARBOR.
Information published in Thx Call
yesterday gives ample ground for believ
ing that the Board of Harbor Commis
sioners appointed by the Government to
select a site for a ueep-water harbor for
Southern California has agreed to report
in favor of San Pedro. This is the first
reiiable information on the subject that
bas been given to the people, and was re
ceived with no little gratification. It
gives a fair assurance of another triumph
over the monopoly which has so long
dominated the State, and promises for
Los Angeles and Southern California gen
erally a deep seaport which will be open
for free commerce and in no wise subject
to monopoly control.
It may be home little time before the
official report of the Commissioner* is
made. It appears thai the findings of the
board have not yet been formulated, but
enough is known to make it sure that the
majority will be in favor of the harbor
which has been supported all along by
Los Angeles and the people of the State
generally. It Is said that no less than
four of the Commissioners favor San
Pedro, and that or.ly one is in opposition.
The victory for San Pedro is therefore a
most decided one and ought to settle any
doubts which may have existed in the
minds of tue public concerning the com
parative fitness of the two ports for the
proposed harbor.
Under the act of Congress providing for
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 26, 1897.
the construction of a harbor, tho sum of
$3,000,000 has been appropriated for the
work. An ample sum is ready for an
early beginning ot the ent-rprise, and it is
not too much to expect that before long
the great undertaking will be under way
and Los Angeles and San Pedro will be
receiving the benefit of the money put
imo circulation.
The result is one of which the people
of the State may well b<j congratulated.
Los Angeles has long needed a deep-watur
harbor, but the benefit will not be for thnt
city alone. All California will in a
measure profit by It. It will be of advan
tage to a!l our coast commerce, and wiil
help materially to build up the prosperity
of ti e State. There is nothing now to
wait for except the official report of the
commissioners and the decision of the
Government to begin the work. These
thing* will probably not be long delayed.
We are to have a business administration
in office in a few days and can rely upon
that administration to act promptly in
carrying out every undertaking that prom
ises to advance the pub ie welfare.
THE LAST BLOW.
Cleveland has taken advantage of a bill
granting a pension to the widow of a vol
unteer soldier of me war to send to Con
gress a message vetoing the bill, in which
he sets forth once more his hostility to
the pension t-ystem. The remaining days
of his term of office are lew, but hi; feel
ings would not permit him to let the occa
sion pass for getting in one more attack:
upon the pensions which a grateful repub
lic pays to the soldiers who were di-ab.ed
in its service and to the widows and
orphans of those who fell.
There is nothing in t c message which
differs in any decree from what he has
stated in former messages of a tim.lnr
nature. It was only another evidence of
antagonism to the soldier element of the
community, another proof of his Jack of
patriotic feeling and another manifesta
tion of his hostility to that sentiment of
the people which favors liberal pensions
to every disabled soldier of the war and to
every needy widow of one of those who
gave their iives that the Union might be
saved. Cleveland can never forget that he
served in the army only by a substitute,
that he evaded the duty imposed upon
patriots by the stress or war and that
whenever he has oeen a candidate for
office the veterans of the army of the
Union have been ODposed to him.
As Mr. Cleveland will soon be out of
office tnis last attack will count for little.
W« shall aoon have in the White House a
President who was a brave soldier when
the country called for volunteers and
whose patriotism is attested not merely by
his statesmanship in Coneress, but by his
valor on the field of battle. When he is
President the soldiers will have a comrade
in office and the people will have a true
representative to show forth tlieir love
and loyalty to the defenders of the Union.
This being so the message will not serious
ly disturb the public mind. It will have
no other effect than that of arousing once
more public irritation against the man
who fougb: by substitute and ihen turned
his back upon the man who tcok his place
in the ranks. It was a mean blow, but
fortunately for the country it was not
only as futile at it was mean, but it is the
last one from Grover Cleveland.
OLNEY AND LEE.
The effort of the friends of the admin
istration to break the force of the state
ments made by Consul-General Lee con
cerning the condition of affairs in Cuba
by charging him with "playing to the
gallery" in order to win popnlar favor
will hardly prove successful. The people
of the United States are well aware that
the truth of the statements made by Lee
has been amply confirmed by other au
thorities. Representatives of the press of
all shades of opinion have made public
the facis on which the Consul-General
bases his conclusion, and so far from ex
aggerating the condition of affairs in
Havana, General Lee seemt to have been
unduly reticent concerning them.
'llie ccarge that Lee ii "playing to the
gallery" is further vitiated by the fact
that the reports of the Consul-General
have not been made directly to the people,
nor in a way to attract pnblic attention,
but have been sent in sealed documents
through the usual official channels to the
Secretary of State, It wae not until these
representations made to the State Depart
ment had been long ignored that General
Lee made any statement direct to the
press at all. Even in what be has now said
to the public there is nothing which in
any way exceeds what was before well
known from reports of reliable men liv
ing in Havana either as correspondents of
the press or as merchants doing business
there.
This being the condition of the contro
versy between the Secretary o» State and
the Consul-General, the American people
will not hesitate to side with General Lee
lv the position he has taken. Nor will
they be inattentive to what he has to say
concerning the treatment of Americans
in Havana. They are aware that be went
to Cuba unprejudiced, and is both by
training and character well fitted to act
with discretion, observe accurately and
decide honestly concerning what he saw.
This is what General Lee said to a corre
spondent of the New York Times:
From the moment I landed my American
blood began to boil, and if I stay here much
longer and am forced to witness the indigni
ties heaped upon my countrymen without
cause it will literally boll away. They trample
on our flag aad hiss us on the streets. Amer
icans are murdered and imprisoned, indigni
ties are heaped upon our women and every
atrocity conceivable for a Spaniard to put on
Americans is thrust upon us.
These words, will have weight with the
Ameiican people. They are not to bo set
aside by the statement that the Consul-
General is making a Did for popular favor.
They will have influence in determining
the sentiments of all patriotic citizens
throughout th« country. They will have
their effect upon the mass-meeting soon
to be held in this City. They will con
firm the popular judgment— that it will
be well Tor the United States when the
Cleveland administration is over and Mr.
OJney goes out of office.
PtRSuNAL
H. L. Turner of Eureka is at the Russ.
0. McHenry of Modesto is in the City.
C. A. Kimballof Maine is at the Occidental.
A. Winsor of Uonzales is here on a business
trip.
Dr. W. H. Dayis of Detroit, Mich., is In the
City.
Judge James B. Devlne of Sacramento is in
town.
W. Dnncan McKlm of New York Is at the
Palace.
Ex-Judge Harvey Llndler of Los Angeles is
in town.
M. V. B. Mlllard of Fall River, Mass., is at
the Lick.
D. M. D>iart, a mining man of CuDa, is in
the City.
P. H. Willy, an attorney of Monterey, is at
trie Grand.
E. P. Stacy, a capitalist of Minneapolis, is at
the Grand.
Thomas Fox, Postmaster at Sacramento, is
at the Lick.
Tom C. Gorrie, the mine-owner of Sonoma, Is
in the City.
Dr. and Mrs. Charles Thore of New York are
at the Palace.
N. il. Spooner and N. J. Henry of Seattle are
on a visit here.
E. S. Ward of San Jose, is registered at tho
Cosmopolitan Hotel.
George W. McLean, the mining man of Grass
Valley, is at the Lick.
T. B. Sullivan, a mining man of Butte,
Mont., has arrived here.
a T. Black, State Superintendent of Public
Instruction, is at the Lick.
Mr. and Mrs. Charles S. Eaton, prominent
people of Boston, are in the City.
Captain W. J. Bryant and C. C. Cheney, ol
Seattle, proprietors of steam vessels, are in
town.
A. J. Levy, a prominent bookmaker of New
York, arrived here last night and is at the
Palace.
E. Mulvlhil!, a cattle-raiser of Nevada, is
in the City and is registered at the Cosmopoli
tan Hotel.
Lieutenant J. H. L. Holcomb of the United
States najrr, has arrived here from thegEast
and Is at the Occidental.
John Mohr, a wealthy resident of Chicago, is
at tne Baldwin. He is accompanied by friends
and Is traveling for pleasure.
J. McDonald, C. M. Maxwell and J. C. Mc-
D >nouph ol Fresno, are among tho recent ar
rivals at the Cosmpolilan Hotel.
Jerome L. Drumheller of Spokane, who has
acquired a large fortune in recent years in
miuing. is here, accompanied by his wife. He
has been visiting Southern California.
Rev. Dr. Hyman Samuelson, cantor, of New
York has arrived and will officiate this even
ing and to-morrow morning at the Congrega
tion Beth Menachim Streisand, on Minna
street, between Fourth and Fifth, during the
evening and morning services.
ILL. Borgwardt, who with D. M. Pyleand
others ha* soM the St. Elmo mine at Rands
burg for $2*0,000, is the Sheriff ot Kern
County and Is frequently at tne Russ House
here. Mr. l'yle, his associate in the mine and
a deputy in the office, lived for many years in
Santa Clara County.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK
NEW YORK, N. V., Feb. 25-At the St.
Cloud, H. C. Cady; A&tor— A. B, Bowers, G. W.
Waitt; Continental, M. Wines; Imperial, X. c.
Kingsley; Stuart. C. H. Gray.
BITIER AN., bWEET.
The appie that grows highest Is the best upon the
' tree;
The rose that Is moiit fragrant always has the
sharpest thorn:
The pearl tnat is the purest lies within the dtep-
And the deed* that live the loajren are of hardest
efforts born !
The love that's won too lightly Is not treasured as
a item:
The words that flow too freely never have the
gieatest weights
Man Kppr.-<.ia:es his blessings If ha has to atriva
for them,
But he never knows their value If they're
passed up on a plate!
, —Cleveland Leader.
NEWSrAPER PL ASANTRY
Yeast— Do you believe that story about Sam
son losing his strength by having his hair cut?
Crlmsoubeak— Certainly I do. The barbers
have many a time made me feel tired talking
to me.— Youkers Statesman.
The acme of politeness was reached by a
mining superintendent who posted a placard
reading: "Please do not tumble down the
shaft."— Melbourne Times.
"Well, little chap," said the stranger in the
family, picking up one of the children, "what
are you going to be when you're a man?"
"NuffinVsaid the child.
'•Nothing? Why so?" a?ked the stranger.
"Because," said the child, "I'm only a little
girl."— Harper's Round Table.
"What has become of that brother of yours
who was bo active in the last campaign? It
he still waging wtr ou great corporations?"
"He is. He has accepted an agency for an
anti-fat remedy."— lndianapolis Journal.
Critic— Where did yon get the idea for that
poster picture?
Painter— Out of my head.
Critic— You must be glad it's out.— Tlt-BiU.
"Confound it!" exclaimed Carson. "That
office boy is never aronna when he's wanted."
"What, a splendid policeman he would
make," murmured Phillips. «- Philadelphia
North American.
"What do you think of the fighting In
Crete?' '
"In^Crete? I thought the fight irai to be in
Canon City. "-Chicago Record.
THE HAND THAT RULES THE WORLD
It the hand "that rocks the cradle," and the world's interest in woman's benefactions to the
human rac? never flags.
Some of the noble achievement! of the good and brave women of our day will be exploited
in The Sunday Call.
"The Sunday Call wi'l not introduce its
reeders to a study of criminality.
it will not dig in the moral muck and filth
of the world for carrion to Driuf* into the
homes of the people on Sunday morning.
ItwJH not haunt the social backstairs for
nursery gossip of society women and their
children.
It wiil not take for granted that its readers
desire, above all things, even mental associa
tion with busband-pojsoners, woman house
breakers and remarkable girl criminals.
In short, it will not assume that San Fran
clfco desires to "eat its peck of dirt" from off
the pages of its Sunday paper.
Whether we wander by stream or lake, or
climbwith lithe eagerness the pine-clad hill-
Bide, or meander with the windings of the wood
land path, glorious nature forever asserts her
supremacy over our affections.
Byron in his passionate love of nature, by
tho deep sea or in the pathless wood found,
rest from the many things that jarred with
his supersensitive nature and fresh inspira
tion for immortal verse.
Always fresh, beautiful and comforting
nature soothes our wounds and rests the weary brain and mind and roul.
But, alts! for the exigencies of modern lite and the dwellers in the midst of citlas, we can
not all resort to nature directly at all times and soothe our wounds with her never-falling
balms and simple*.
Thanks to the naturalist at large, you can always taste of the sweets of our mountain
and vale, lake and river, and enjoy the glories of each recurring season, in some measure, at
least, and next Sunday you shall have the pleasure of hearing the notes of California's sweet
songsters and may form an acquaintance with the mischievous goldfinch, the soft trilling
thrush and other feathered denizens of wood and glen.
Another enchantrefs, who steals us away from the noisy hum of industry and the carklng
cares of everyday life, is Olive Heyden, author of many a delightful California idyl, both in
prose and verse.
This writer hag given In her happiest rein a true California story— a mining romance— for
the readers of The Sunday Call, and you cannot fail to en jiy it.
All arr interested in the alleviation of the woes of humanity, of which blindness is In a
sense the worst
Alas! what misery to grope one's way through life and never look upon the face of nature
or the countenances of those most dear.
John Bonner will have in TnE Stnday Call a most interesting article on the blind and
how their hitherto pitiful disabilities are overcome by the kind and wondrous intervention
of science.
The practicability of the motor cycle has been exploited till it has entered the field of
things belonging no longer to the wonderful, and its latest development exposes it as a genu
ine enemy of the bicycle, threatening to drive out the bike, as the bike has done the horse.
Such is the rapidity of modern enterprises that the motor cycle has already fallen within
the ken of the non-luxury-buying public, and It is possible that the reign of the bicycle is near
an end.
But The Sunday Call will give you the whole story.
Home inventions, like home industries, are, as is proper and just, of live interest to our
readers.
There are two important inventions now on the tapi», both of California origin, and one
of them may offset the motor-car bogy, for it is an auto-bike, driven by gasoline.
No more weary climbing up stiff grades, for this bike will bear you in comfort up the
highest of them.
Read about it in The Call on Sunday.
The children will be charmed as usual.
Waldron W. Anderson will have a poem on the page which is devoted to our darlings,
which reminds us in a way of that dear friend of the little ones, the much loved and deeply
mourned Eugene Field.
The fashion page of The Sunday Call will be, as usual, a faithful record of passing events
in the world of fashion, a true picture of the kaleidoscopic pageant.
Another feature of The Sunday Call will be a most romantic story giving a further exam
ple of the superior strangeness of truth ns compared to fiction.
This romance opens just after one of the great events of the war and culminates In San
Francisco at a dinner given quite recently by a gentleman to a select party of friends.
Betides all these advantages «he readers of The Sunday Call will have the benefit of all
the news, both telegraphic and local, presented in the besi possible manner, and the most
timriy editorial comment thereon.
Don't fall to order early.
The Scsday Call is a distinctively California newspaper, full of clean, fresh, wholesome
interestirg and valuable literature •
Its Influence is elevating. It should be in every home.
Letters From the People.
THE REVENUE PROBLEM.
With Declining Itnvortationa Under Low
tariff, What follow ?
To the Editor ff the San Francitco Call— Sir:
It seems to me that the advocates of high
•tariff are face to face with a serious matter.
I regard the Bulletin of this City as good au
thority on revenue statistics. In the issue of
February 23 ihe column devoted to "Finance
tnd Trade" contains these figures on the
January foreign trade:
1896 897
Exports. ....;. ?86,970,028 f94.9M.067
Imports U8,t547,6J0 61.527.C81
$18,322,4*28 $43,636,986
With an extraordinary session of Congress
almost certain to be called in the near future
for the express purpose of materially increas
ing the U'ifl'on Imports, and with no douDt
in the pub ie mind that such increase will be
made, instead of a largo increase in importa
tions in order to take advantage of "free
trade" rates, as certain journHs are wont to
style tne present tariff, we find the rather
startling decrease of more than $17,000,000
in imports over January last year.
But I rind in the Bulletin of yesterday, Feb
ruary 24, financial department, the figures of
"the foreign trade of the United States for the
i first seven months of the current year" given
as follows:
1893-96 1896-97
Exports 964,969 $656,215,311
Imports 478.716,717 3b.s.str>l,oM)
$4t>.i*4f,'Jsv! *292,9tt4.i:31
We are only concerned here with the matter
of Imports, and we note that a year ago the
imports for the first seven months of th<- fiscal
year were 716,717, as against $303,251.
--030 the current riscnl year, a decrease of
$115,465,637, or $16,495,091 per month, the
January decrease beln^ $17,320,519, a consid
erable increase over the monthly average.
However, assuming .hat the Average decrease
for the fiscal year ending June 31) next will see
no chatwe in the average monthly decrease of
$10,495,091, the de«rease In imports lor the
year will loot up to $197,941,092, almost two
hundred millions.
In the face of thfs enormous decrease in Im
portations of lorelgn goods under a low tariff,
or "free trade" as it was called throughout the
campaign by the supporters of Mai r Mi-Kiu
ley, It seems to me that if the tariff is greatly
increased the importations will be proportion
ately decreased, and heuce the revenues of the
Government will also be diminished. Of
course I understand that the schedule will b
adjuxted so as to increase trie tax on fsucb
articles of import as show the least decline,
but will not this prove to be articles In gen
eral u»e by the great majority of the people,
and so will become an additional increase In
the cost of living for these peop'e? If so, gen
eral discontent will be sure to follow.
In this connection I should uot fail to call
attention to th« fact that tne cheap produc
tion of steel rai s has made a market for 100,
--000 tons in Europe, ac-'ordine to the Bulletin,
which adds thai "witniu two years the United
States will do a tremendous exp-irt business in
steel rails." It wi Ibe useless, then, to place a
tariff on imported steel rails, and yet the
revenue derived from this line of imports in
recent years was a large item, and this item
must now be deducted.
It way be possible for the Incoming admin
istration to frame a tariff wnich will raise suf
ficient revenue lor current expenses and in
terest on our increased Government debt, but
it will not be an easy task. In tact, it begins
to appear to n good many business men, who
seem singularly Flow to learn, that there is
something wrong with the country besides
the tariff. However, it has been some time
since 1 have heard one of these wise business
men say that over-production was the cause of
commercial and industrial depression, which
shows that they can learn eveu if they are
slow, for it is to be remembered that for along
time ''over-prnductlon" was the all-sufficient
explanation offered by these meu lor our hard
times.
Singular as it may seem, it is nevertheless
true that there ore not a few of these same
business men who will now boldly say that
our dull times are flue to underconsumption,
because the reop c are generally poor and can
not purchase goods as they always did till our
bad time* came. I shail not be surprised II
these same meu should soon begin to inquire
with an honest desire to learn wny it is the
people are so poor when crops have not failed
and no pesti'.encc has swept the land or war
disturbed the pursuits of tne inhabitants.
buch inquiry will lead to the discovery that
the tariff has much less to do with present
conditions than is generally believed, and
they will further learn in a few months, un
less I misapprehend the situation, that there
will be something more me led than an in
crease of tariff to restore prosperity to our un
fortunate country.
Much ridicule has been heaped upon tho
Cleveland administration because the present
Wilson-Gorman tariff has failed to bring la
sufficient revenuf, tue past year especially.
W hile I have no desire to say a word to favor or
excuse the expiring administration— for which
I have no respect whatever— at the same time
it must be seen at a glance that if the imports
nad not decreased so enormously the past
seven months ihere would be no deficit bui
a surplus in the treasury. Can the incoming
administration insure imports equal to the
last year under a high tariff ?
„ Joseph asbitry Johsbox.
San Francisco, Feb. 25. 1997.
Tyres— Have you named your boy yet?
Spokes— No; my wife and 1 can't agree. She
wants to naaie him after her wheel and 1
want to same him aiter mine.— Judge.
FRATERNAL NEWS.
Officer! Elected at th« Annual Meet
ing of the Barbers' Protective
Union.
At the annnal meeting of the Barbers' Pro
tective Union, held last week, the following
named were elected officers for the ensuing
term: S. Fuchs, president; H. Scheunert, vice
president; R. Oppenheim, recording secre
tary; L. Reinassa, financial secretary; John le
Retter, treasurer; C. Troell, employment sec
retary; C. Latrrave, sergeant-at-nrms; trus
tees—William LiDpert, G. C. Young and A.
Strohmeir.
The union now has a membership of 103,
and has $13,870 in Its treasury.
F. Koch, G. Lemke and S. Fuchs have been
appointed a committee of arrangements 10
arrange for an Invitation ball to be given some
lime during the month of March.
The Pythian Knights.
Grand Chancellor C. F. McGlashan has dur
ing the month been paying official visits to
lodges in this domain. Last Monday he was
with Fowler Lodge, at Fowler; on Tuesday
with Sanger Lodge, at Sanger; Wednesday
night with Visalia Lodge, aiVisalia; last night
ho was with Kern L,odge of Bakersfield and
Sumncr Lodge of Kern City, which are to meet
in joint session in Kern City; and to-night he
is to visit Selma Lodge, at Seima.
Brigedier.Cieneral Herman Schaffner (re
tired) visited Holmes Company of the Uniform
Kank at Angels Camr) last night, inspected the
company and installed the new officers.
Colonel T. A. Xerney, assistant inspector
genera!, inspected the Veteran Guard Com
pany last night, and Colonel F. Dodd. B. M. 0.,
on the came evening Inspected the officers of
Unity Company.
One of tne most active men in the Pythian
rants is Joseph Calegari*. deputy grand chan
cellor. He entered the ranks in 1889, joining
Roma Lodge, now the banner lodge of the do
main of California In the point of member
ship, and his magnetic influence soon caused
him to advance, step by step, until he became
chancellor commander, and subsequently was
appointed to the position he now holds. He
has held the same position under a number of
succeeding grand chancellors. He has also
held a number of offices in the Grand Lodsre
He occupies a prominent position in the
Italian colony of San Francisco, and (or meri
torious services rendered in behalf of h's
countrymen King Humbert of Italy sent him
a decoration— the cross oftbe crown of Italy
During the discussion in the Grand Lodte on
the proposition to preveut the use of the ri val
in the order in any tongue but the English
the deputy graud chancellor was a loyal
friend of the order, and being an admirer of
American institutions stood up lor Americans
and Pythians first and Italians after that
The first regiiaeutof the Uniform Rank of
this City will move Into Justice Hall and
alter the Ist prox. tho City companies will
seep open house every Wednesday night.
The officers of the Pythian Hall Association,
having given so much satisfaction, they have
all been re-elected for the current term
Native Sons of the Golden West.
Nearly all the parlors have Increased during the
past term, the net Increase being 617 over al
suspensions resignations, withdrawals and death*
The order now has 143 parlors, of wh eh 2 1 are lo
cated in San Francisco, 15 meeting in the Native
*»»•=•». in Mission Parlor Ha,, and theother,
in outlying Olstrlcis. Uallsornla Par or leads wfth
amembersiilp of 453. having made a ealnof O
touVmJto»i a «? Ill J t Daughter* of Martinez
u^y district y lh " r:e » A. Bo:d«nann, dep-
Preclta Parlor, N. •S. G. W.
Preclta Parlor No. 187, N. S. G. W., gave the
first last night of a aeries of quarterly socials
to be continued during the year.. It was given
in Mission Parlor Hall and there was a large
attendance. When the first notes of the march
were played the grand march was led by H. 8.
G?!3a\rs;& re " £ lv of tho parlor, and Miss
ilit » Mvi T' h >-- Dancing was kept up until a
most «?•' nd the maa >' couples enjoyed a
£?tt«£ ant "•«*'•«• The following com
mittee managed lhe affair:"
H K^fl IU n e °, f 1 a Dgements-J. E. Behan, C.
_Keception committee— Willinra Donaldson,
Hvnn, a. J. Granville, J. M. hickev.
fl ,*: loor manager, H. S. Spauld ng; assistant
mntee—Dr. G. N. Van Omen, Charles Ward. J
Progressive £ndowm«nt Guild,
The following named will act as the recep
ion committee of San Francisco Chapter £
the Progressive Endowment Guild of ; America
on the occasion of Its first anniversary enter
tainment and ball to be given in Golden Gate
Hall next Tuesday evening W. H. Tnompson
B. A. Meyer, M. T. Moses. Walter White Kred
cock, j. i. Miller, M. L. Hopkins. Allen Fckerr
S.J Fuher.on C. W. Goulu, E. \V. Hui, W &
M. G. McClinton, J. E. DUlen J. R. \\ear F .P.
Me-iina. R. W. McGarvif, t. B. P^pp'n H. M.
Barker. F. B. Millapd, L. J. Tayror. John H.
Mccrodan, H. R. Lewis J. O. Gannis. D 8.
Stanley, A. W. Hubbard, J. \N . Hoag, C. D. Mc-
Millan, George Scan.
Gettysburg Circle, G. A. B. ~>^
Gettysburg Circle, Ladies of the Grand f
Army of the Republic, celebrated its eighth
anniversary in Forester's Hall last evening by
an entertainment ond dance. There were
present, besides a large membership, many
friunds oi the circle. There was a recitation
by Mrs. A. J. Budd of Srven Pines Circle,
Highland fling by Miss Cl;r sl*!i<; MacKi:lop,
duet by Maud and Jennie Grindle-'. recitation
by Past President Mrs. BuLv, vor>ai solo by
Lulu Flemming, recitation by Bessie Aiken aid
s.mi; and dunce by Mr. N«v«. The programme
was well receved, and after the 1-ist number
nearly all present took part in the dance.
Bald Kagle Tribe, I. O. B. M.
Great S»cheni Josiah Sims, accomoanied by
Great Chief of Records Charles F. liurgman,
Great Prophet A. Jackson, Great Senior k Sa-,'a
more F. Whipp.o, Gr?at S-nnaniiP. L. Biiss,
Past Great Sacnem Frederick Bruudt, Past
Great iatinap - E. D. Weymouth, Deputy Great
Sacaem M. L. W heeler, Pnst Sachems George
Whitlock, E. D. Folleit, J. Fowzer. A. Rudolph,
M. Leisen and F. Swan, paid an official visit to
Bald Eagle Tribe last Wednesday nijtlr.. The
great sachem delivered a very iuteremiislonu
talK, followed by Great Chief oi Rvcord-
C. F. Burgman, wno, c ntertnined the members
by a relation of the numerical increase if ti e
order during the past great sun. Words ot
wisdom were spoken by Great Prophet A. Jack
son and Great Senior SaK.imor.. F. Whlpple.
HOW I-RYu RESEMBLES CALHOUN
Louisville Courier-Journal.
The other day I walked into the Senate gal
lery and found that the roll was being callei
on the question of considering Morse's liquor
bill. Frye was in the chair and while Harri*.
Hill and Aldrich all know more about parlia
mentary law than Frye he is the best presiding
ollicar the Seuate has known since John c.
Brecklnridge. Frye follows the rule of Cai
tioun, perhaps the greatest presidi g officer in
the history of the Senate, not excepting even
Aaron Burr.
Calhoun would not permit one Senator to
refer to another Senator as "my friend lrom
Virginia." or as "the gentleman Ircm Massa
chusetts." The correct phraEe was "the Sena
tor from Virginia" or "the Senator from Mass- \
achusetu." It is said that it was worth a W
journey across the continent to hear Calhoun *
announce a vote in the Senate. There was
more of the Roman in nis look than in any
other public mau of our history. His eyes
burned like coals of fire and there was dignity
enthroned in every lineament and movement.
When Calhoun aunounced a vote he said in a
voice that penetrated the furthermost recesses
of the chamber: "Senators, on this question
the ayes are — and the nays are — . Tne ayes
huyo it, and the motion is (.greed to."
Frye is the only man I have ever seen pre
side over the Senate who announces a vota
with that impressiveness we can imagine Cal
houn employed, and it is doubtful if even Cal
houn could utter the word Senators with more
rotundity than Frye gives it.
GOOD INVESTMENT FUR BRYAN.
Chicago Times-Herald.
William Jennings Bryan finds that running
for President was a good investment after all.
His earning capacity has" increased several
thousand per cent. He looks down now on
the humble $30 a week whicn he used to get
as a newspaper reporter. His book is bringing
him in an income of more than $100 a day,
and his publisher will be glad to buy his in
terest in the work fur ?50,000. Meanwhile
whenever he wishes to 1-cture he has only to
say the word to get $500 a night. Bryan no
/longer belongs to the masses; he has; joined
the clashes, for at the present rate he is earn
ing a good interest on $1,000,000 worth of ad
vertising. ___^_____^^_
Broken sott baby cream, Isclb. Townsend's.*
—>. » «
Potato, mushroom cakes. Gui!let's,9os Larkin
• — 0. — „
California g'mce Iruit 50c a Dound, in fire
etched bores. Townsend's, Paiace Hotel bldg.*
• — ♦ — •
Ftectai, intormation dally to msnufactarart.
business houses and public men by the fran
Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Montgomery. '
♦ — ♦ — ♦
Genuine eyeglasses, specs 15c to 40c, Sun
days, 740 Market street, Kast's shoe-store;
week days, 05 Fourth street, next bakery. •
• — • — •
One of the daughters of the late General Lo
gan, Mrs. Mary Logan-Tucker, is soon to coma
into a snug fortune. She and her son, Gaorga
Lemon TucKer, inherit two-fifths of the estate
of the late George E. Lemon ; but instead of a
fortune of $1,000,000 which it was suponsed
he had left it actually amounts to over $3,000,
--000.
Excursion Kates to Washington.
For the benefit, of :hoso desiring to witness the
Inauguration of the next President of the United
States the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad will sell
excursion tickets at one fare for the round trip
from ail points on its lines In Ohio, Indiana and
Illinois. Tickets will be sola March 1, 2 and 3,
valid for return uutll March 8. similar tickets
via B. and O. R. R. will be sold by all the railroads
throughout the West. In addition to being the
sh mest and most direct line to Washington the
B. and O. passes through a region of greater acenlo
magnificence and historic interest than any In all
America. Passengers aiso have the option of trav
eling via Akron and Pittsburg or via Bellatre and
Oration either going or returning. The through
trains of the B. and O. are vestlbuled throughout,
equipped with Pullman sleepers and the dining
car service Is unsurpassed. Information in detail
will be cheerfully furnished upon application br
I* 8. Allen, assistant general passenger agent., B.
and O. K. H., Grand Central statloa, Chicago.
••The Overland Limited "—Only Three
and a Half Day* to Chicago.
The Union Pacific is the only Mn« running Pnlt
man double drawing-room and tourist sleepers
and dining-cars, San Francisco to Chicago da:!y
without change. Buffet, smoking and library cars,
Ogden to Chirazo. Tickets and sleeplug-car reser
vation* at 1 Montgomery su D. W. Hitchcock,
General Agent, Kan Francisco.
"Mm. "rVimloWa Soothing Syrup*'
Has been used over fifty years by millions of
mothers for their children while Teething with per-,
feet success. It soothes the child, softens ihe turns.!
allays Pain, cores Wind Colic, regulates the Bowels,
and Is the best remedy for Diarrhoeas, whether aris
ing Irom tee.tatog or other causes. >or sale by drag
gists in every pan of the world. B# sure and ask
for Airs. Window's Soothing Syrup. 26c a bottle.
Cobowado.— Atmosphere is perfectly dry, sofl
sad mild, being entirely free from the mists com
men further north. Bound-trip tickets, by steam.
■hip, including fifteen days' board at the Hotel
Coronado, $65; longer stay 92 60 per day. Appt/
4 New Montgomery WL, Pan Francisco.
\Vitat a comfort it Is to be relieved from corns
His dekcokss does it perfectly. 15 eta.
I'akkkii's Hair Balsam Is lire to tbe hair.
• — ♦ — •
There can be no doubt that a timely use of
Aysr's Cherry Pectoral would prevent many
■erlous throat and lung troubles.
Cnumley— You're a mighty poor talker, es
jcclally to ladies. How did you raise the
lerve to propose to Misa Sweet?
Dumley— Oil— aw; I didn't say much of any
thing:. I handed my ring to her and she
slipped it on her lelt finger and said, "All
riuht, It fits."— Truth.
R7 TO-JJATJ
Scrofula is a word you
don't quite understand, but if
you talk with your doctor,
he will tell you that it is
generally believed to be due
to the same cause which
gives rise to Consumption.
It appears mostly in those
who fat-starved and thin,
usually in early life. A
course'of treatment of Scott's
Emulsion with the Hypo-
phosites wherever Scrofula
manifests itself, will prevent
the development of the dis-
ease. Let us send you a
book. Free.
._ SCOTT &BO^V^^E, Chemists, New York \ mFRIDAY FKBRUABY 26, 1387
AMUSEMENTS.
Ealdwik Thkatkb —"Shore Acres."
California THKATEB--Sousa'3 Band.
Columbia Theatkb At the French BalL
2JOROSCOS OrKBA, - Hocsk. — -10,000' Wiles
Away.
Alcazak Theatt.b "Paints and Sinners."
Tivoli Opeba Housk - Galatea" and "Pa-
. Hence.
Obphkuu.- High-Class Vaudeville,
Obekon.— The Vienna Orchestra.
tUTRo Baths— Bathing and i erformances.
Thk Chutes and Skating Rink— Dally at
Baight street, one block **s:,of the Par*.
Pacific Coast Jockky Club.— Races to-day.
AUCTION ALLS.
By Chas. I.kvy & < This day. February 26,
Furniture, at 1135 Market sireet, at 10 o clock:
By Indiana Arcnox Co.-This day. February
26. Groceries, at 1057 Market si., »■- 11 o'clock.
I•* >HANK W. BITTTKKFIKLP— This <1«V. F«b-
rtiery 26, Restaurant, at 712 Kearny street, at 11
o'clock.
CITY NEWS IN BRIEF.
The Press Club will give an informal smoker
to-morrow night.
Four tins of opium were seized on the
steamer. Acspulco yesterday.
George Bnrrata was arrested yesterday on a
Charge of assault wi:h a deadly weapon.
Fair, with fresh norther y to westerly
winds.— W. H. Hanmon, Forecast Official.
Timothy Hopkins has mortgaged his prop
erty at Tenth and Market streets tor $250,000.
Mayor Fheian's committee to act with the
Cuban League will meet at California Hall to
night ; - ; r
Branch No. 7of the Young Lndtes' Institute
pave -entertainment in Native Sons' Hall
last nitht.
Douglass Talbot. the missing lnd, has been
located In San Mateo, where he had gone to
visit his brother.
William B. Gross author of "Europe for
$350," ho came here first with the elder Sal
vini, is at the Baldwin.
Imp. Ivy, Salvable, Clissle B, Yemen, Ce
loso. Foremost and M«gnet were the winners
at Insleside yesterday.
Joseph Ilirschbach, a former director of the
Tivoli, was yesterday given a highly success
fir benefit at that theater.
The Burns monument committee of the
Caledonian Club held an enthusiastic meeting
in Scottish Hall last night.
Carl W. yon Tie deman is on trial for perjury
In Judge Wallace's court. At a former trial
the jury was unable to agree.
• The Mechanics' Pavilion is undergoing
preparations for the great tug-of-war, which
-will begin to-morrow evening.
Dr. John Gallagher, the newly appointed au
topsy physician of the morgue, will assume
the duties of his office March 1.
Indications now are that most of the East
ern people who come to Nevada to see the
fight will come on to California.
The merchants to a unit express themselves
as in favor of a new postoftVe building at
once, and are surprised at the dulay.
Attorney J. N. E. Wilson is ill ana this fact
has interrupted the trial of John Miller,
charged with the murder of James Childs.
The Marin Development Association is or
ganizing a committee of fifty to push forward
the beautification of Marin County communi
ties. - V;:
Matthew Ward has sued the Pacific Coast
Jockey Club for £5000 damages for being
ejected from the racetrack at Ingleside on the
sih inst.
• The districting of the City for relief purposes
was finished yesterday and provisional com
mittees were appointed to canvass for sub
scriptions.
The Merchants' Association has sent to the
Legislature several protests against bills that
are regarded by the "local body as injurious to
" public interests.
The. remains of Thomas B. Shannon was in
terred yesterday at Masonic Cemetery. All he
left of a once lariro fortune was a policy for
$10,000 on his life.
Collector Wise allowed the schooner Una,
which left Panama without her papers, to en
ter at the Custom-house yesterday on in
structions from Washington.
The first bicycle championship run of the Ac
ademic A bletic League will be run to-morrow
afternoon on the Velodrome track. There will
be four races, ten heats in all.
Marshall Smith, saloon-keeper, 1023 Folsom
street, was discharged by the Insanity Com
missioners yesterday and on going home found
that his wife had deserted him.
Olea Tolner, a young girl, is at the Receiving
Hospital as a result of an unlawful operation,
which she claims was performed by Dr. J. Mc-
Lean. The latter has been arrested.
D. F. Bean, a teamster living at Twenty-first
and Bryant streets, was held up by two foot
pad' at Seventeenth and Bryant streets last
night and beaten into unconsciousness.
The attorneys for the Fair estate will apply
■ to the court this morning for a continuance of
i he pencil will case until March 15, on account
of the illness of Attorney W. M. Plerson.
Varner W. Gaskill, John D. Richards and
Carl A. Henry have been sued by the Alliance
Assurance Company for possession of valuable
memoranda, the property of the plaintiff com
pany.
The entries for the cycle races at Santa Rosa
to-morrow represent the greatest fields of
crack rider« ever gathered at a California raci
meeting. Tuere will be four professional and
two amateur events.
The police arrested William Warden and
Charl"6 Harper, burglars, end three woman
who acted as "fences" in the house of Mr«.
Kravriey, 248 Tehama street, Wednesday night
after a desperate struggle.
Right of Way Agent Young of the Valley
road has arrived here. He says the right of
WHy from Fresno to Bak'-rsfield has been Fe
cured, and also on the Reed ley and Vlsalia
line, except in four or five cases.
At a special meeting of the Tyrone, Ferma
nagh and Donegal social clubs held last even-
Ing at Columbia building special preparations
were made for Father McFadden'a farewell re
- reDtion, which will take place on March 10 at
Metropolitan Temple.
The Farmers' Institute of this City closed for
the time being last evening with two interest
ing lectures by eminent scientist* on the baei-
Eugnr industry of California competing with
. foreign productions, and the treatment of arid
and alkali lands in this State.
To-morrow an illustrated lecture will be de
livered at the Mechanics' Institute by Willard
Beahan, C. E., on "American Railroads and
Their Engineering." The public ii invited.
Mr. Beahan will deliver a series of lectures at
Stanford University on practical railroad con
struction.
W. T. Eagle y, 28 Liberty street, an employe
of the Alaska Packing Company, who had a
fight with Conductor R. J. Jeckson at Polk
and Union streets \WdnesJay, swore to a com
plaint in Judge toman's court yesterday for
the arrest of Jackson on a charge of mayhem.
Bagley alleges that Jackson not only hit h m on
the face with his Dellouncn. but bit the little
finger of his left hand. Jackson was immedi
ately released on $2000 bonds.
NEW TO-DAY.
FACES
Pimples, blotches, blackheads, red, rough, oily,
xnothy ekin, itching, scaly scalp, dry, thin, and
falling hair, and baby blemishes prevented by
Citticuju. Soap, the moet effective skin purify.
Ing and beautifying soap in the world, as well as
purest and sweetest for toilet, bath, and nursery.
(pcura
Ii told throughout the world. Fottm D. a vd C. Cow.,
bole Prop*., Boiton. sr"llo» to Beautify ttvt Skin, "free
BLOOD HUMORS Pertnin*ntlr Cnred br
oLUUU HUMUnd cuticuka remeoihs.
CTfID I St °P every ache and ptln quick
UlUl! Man electric flash with the cele-
bratod Collins' Voltaic Electric
A .~_ . Plasters, greatest pain-alleviat-
X 1 IP I in £ muscle-strengthening pla*>
VI Wl 2 ter yet made. . 
POLICE RAID ON
A FENCE'S HOUSE
Two Men and Three
Women Are Placed
Under Arrest.
The Men Will Be Charged With
Committing Several Burg
laries.
Skeleton K?ys, Picklccks and Stol n
Property Found by iha Police
in the House.
An important capture has been made by
the police. Two notorious burglars and
three women who were utilized by them to
sell the plunder are in custody.
It has been suspected by the police for
some time that the house at 243 Tehama
street, occupied by Mrs. Frawley and her
family, was a resort of burglars, and it
was dete:mined to keep a watch upon the
place.
Policemen T, L. Ryan and Ed ODea
have the credit of discovering the resort
and with the assistance of two other ol
ficers of making the successful capture.
1 hey located the place last Monday and
on Wednesday night detormined to raid
it, securing the assistance of Policemen
O'Keefe and Koegel.
Ryan posted him-elf in front of the
house, Koegel and O'Keeffe were stationed
in the alley svay that runs along the side of
the hou«e and ODea took a position in the
rear. When ail was in readiness Ryan
knocked ai the front door, which was a
signal to the others, and when it was
opened be rushed inside. Two men, Wil
liam Warden and Charles Harper, jumped
out of a rear window and ODea tackled
them.
0 Keefe and Koegel rushed to his assist
ance, and they were soon joined by Ryan.
The two men fought desperately, particu
larly Warden, and they were helped by
Mattie Frawley, one c Mrs. Frawley's
daughters, Elizabeth Keane, an ex-con
vict, and Rosie Harper. The women tore
at the officers' hair and in every way tried
to get the two men out of their clutches.
The officers had to use their clubs freely
upon Warden and Harper before they
were subdued.
The two men and three women were
taken to the Southern station, and later
to the City Prison.
The house was then searched, and a gold
watch, a silver watch, two gold-plated
chains, a revolver ana charm, four silver
taps, four syringe*, a cupping machine, a
siiver-plated cover of a sugar bowl, a
music rack and two priers, the proceeds ot
burglaries, were found.
Four skeleton keys were found in the
room that Warden occupied and two pick
locks were found in the Kitchen. These
had been used by the men in committing
burglaries.
E. J. Deniston's silver-plating works
at G53 Mission street were entered oa
FeLruary i 9 and five teapots, a cream
puchei, thirteen teaspoons, eleven table
spoons, two forks, two gray-handled
knives, a hand satchel, two bar spoons
ami a napkin ring were stolen. An at
tempt had also b<>en made to break open
the safe but had been unsuccessful.
The following night ttie second-hand
store of Mrs. Tittenbaum, 213 Third Btreet,
was entered and thirteen watcher, four
opera glasses, a revolver, a capping
machine, four syringes and four silver taps
were stolen.
The n xt night the shop of J. Rein
hardt, 673 Mission street, was entered and
four pr.ers, a revolver and a fur cape were
stolen.
Besides the articles recovered at 248
Tehama street, Ryan and ODea recovered
the following articles which had been sold
by Mattie Frawley:
From James Deane, 334J^ Fremont
street, a silver wutcli stolen from Mrs.
Tittenbaum ; from Joseph Welsh, 35 Clara
street, a silver watch stolen from Mr-.
Tittenbaum; from Phillip Christenson,
saloon-keeper, 343 Mission jstreet, a re
volver stolen from Deniston's plating
works; from W. Fabla, 1020 Folsom
street, four silver-plaied teapot*, a pitcher,
and a napkin ring stolen from Deniston's;
f'om Sam Baur, 1146 Folsom street, two
silver-plated knives and fortes Ptolen from
Daniston's; from JobnO'Brlen, 1136 Folsom
street, a silver watch Btolen from Mrs.
Tittenbaum.
Ryan and ODea have also recovered the
fur cape stolen from Rein hart's shop, G73
Mission street, and expect to be able to
recover ihe remainder of the stolen prop
erty.
Charges of burglary will be entered
against Warden snd Harper. Mattie
Frawley, who was the recognized "fence,"
will be charged with receiving stolen
goods and the other two women with va
grancy. The re«l name of Elizabeth
Keane is L zzle Valentine. She in 1884
was sent to the State prison for five years
for robbing a man.
Roiie Harper is a daughter of Mrs.
Frawley, and Warper, the Durglar, is her
husband. The mother and another
daughter have not been arrested, as there
ii no evidence so far to connect them with
tbo gang, but the police believe they were
all equally culpable. Mrs. Frawley, how
ever, declares that she is an bones;, hard
working woman, and has done her best to
raise her daughters as good, honest
women.
Warden, although denying 'that be was
ever arrested before, is believed to be an
ex convict. He remarked to the police
that he had tried for some time to lead nn
honest life, but had failed. He has ths
appearance of an "opium ■ fiend." He is
'i~ years of ace and says he was born in
Vallej'j. Harper Is 88 years of age and
the police so far know nothing of his past
record.
Ryan and ODea think they will be able
to trace other burglaries to Warden and
Harper, and lor that reason the prisoners
bare not yet been charged.
Mass-Meeting of Laborer*.
A meeting held la-t evening under the
auspices or the California State Labor
Convention tilled the big Auditorium.
There was music, some good speeches and
a set of resolutions. The speakers were
caustic in their criticisms of the law
makers at the capital. The resolutions
demanded the passage of pending legisla
tion in the interests of labor, under pain
of unceasing efforts to defeat any Repre
sentatives or Senators when they might
again be candidates lor public office.
W. J. Rose of the California State Labor
Convention presided. Other speakers were
George Latayette of the Bricklayers'
Union, P. H. McCarthy, president of Car
penters and Joiners' Union No. 22, and
K'v. Dr. Scott.
Tne meeting concluded with a short ad
dress by Rev. Dr. Scotr.
Marrird in Court.
C. B. Manges, assistant steward on one of
Stockton boats, wno was charged with abduct
ing Maud Spring, 17 years of age, from her
home in Stockton, appeared before Judge Low
yesterday morning. The Judge dismissed the
case, as there whs not sufficient evidence 10
hold him. Manges had offered to marry the
girl, and after being discharged he procured a
marriage license, and the ceremony was per
formed by a Justice of the Peace.
Bcmmebfield & Koman, the well-known
clothiers, have but one big atore — Fifth
and Market streets.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 26. 1897.
Those Who Figured Most Prominently in the Raid on the " Fence " House.
WAR AMONG THE
DOG FANCIERS
The San Francisco Ken
nel Club Gets the
Sanction.
Boycott Declared on the New
Organization by the St
Bernard Ciub.
Many Local Fanciers Will Support the
Alameda Sportsmen's Associa
tion Suow.
The receipt by a well-known dog fancier
of this City of a telegram from James I
Mortimer of New York, announcing that !
the newly formed San Francisco kennel j
club had been recognized as the member
of the American Kennel Club in this City,
has raise! a storm in dog circles that
threatens to stir them up very lively.
The telegram was first made known at a
meeting of the St. Bernard Club on
Wednesday evening. It had been re
quested by a member of the ciub that
Mr. Mortimer, who was the delegate of
the defunct Pacific Kennel Club to the
American Kennel Club, telegraph the de
cision of the latter body as soon as made.
The telegram was no sooner read than
a member offered a motion that the St.
Bernard Club exhibit nodogs at the >liows
of the ban Francisco Club. This measure
was passed with but few dissenting votes,
and J. ii. Martin, one of the Jaigest fox
terrier exhibitors in this City, who was
present, stated that be also would refuse
to send his dogs to the San Francisco
Club's shows, and suggested that the
Alameda Sportsmen's Association be in
duced to give a show. He said that if the
association would do so he would send his
docs there and also subscribe $20 toward
defraying the expenses of tlie ciab.
The idea teemed to strike the assembly
in a favorable light, and within a few
moments $100 was subscribed by the
fanciers present.
Messrs. Prather and Miller, who were
present to represent the Alameda Sports
men* Association, stated that they bad
no doubt that the association, with this
enthusiastic support, wou.d give a show
and a successful one. The contents of
the telegram did not greatly disappoint
the raombers of the Olympic Gun Club,
which had applied tor membership in the
American Kennel Club in opposition to
the San Francisco Club.
When the Pacific Kennel Club disband
ed, the funds then in the treasury were a
source of uneasiness to the director-, who
feared that trouble might arise as to their
disposition. The members who went over
to ti e Olympic Gun Club constituting*
majority of the directors of the dissolving
club, decided that as the iunds were those
of a kennel club they should be used for
kennel club purposes.
It was, therefore, decided to turn them
over to the gun club for the purpose of
giving a sbow, and only one show, pro
vided, of course that the sanction of the
American Kennel Culb was received.
Profits, if any, were to be divided among
the lour orphan asylums of this City. In
case the sanction was not received the
money on hand was to be given to the
cuaritieti mentioned.
lip; refusal of the sanction makes the
money available at once, and within a few
days the fund* will be divided according
to the plan described.
Tbo<e who composed a majority of the
defunct Pacific Kennel Club feel very bit
ter toward the element that disrupted the
organization and claim that the new or
ganzation was formed 07 this element.
They will not show their dogs at the
San Francisco Club's show, but will join
witn the Bt. Bernard Club in supporting
the Alameda sportsmen. A fight within
a fight is expected to develop, from the
fact that some members of the St. Bernard
Club are not in accord with the majority
in its boycott of the San Francisco Club,
so tbat a merry time is expected all
around.
It is expected that the official announce
ment of the appointment uf the San Fran
ci co Kennel Club as the representative of
the American Kennel Club in this City
will be received from Secretary A. V.
Vredenbureh within a few days.
VAENEY GASKILL ACCUSED.
Bad Faith on His Part Alleged by the
Alliance Insurance Company.
The Alliance Assurance Company of
London has instituted a peculiar suit
against Varney \Y. Gaskill, John D.
Richards and Carl A. Henry. The com
plaint alleges that Gaskill was formerly
employed by the Alliance Assurance
Company, and while so emrloved made a
memoranda of all the outstanding risks or
policies for tire insurance of the
said company, and that after leaving
the company be associated himself
with Richards & Henry, delivering to
them the memoranda of the assurance
company's business in order that Rich
ards &, Henry, together with Gaskill, may
get the business for themselves.
It is asserted that it is usual for persons
to renew their policies in the same com
pany with which they cave been doing
business, and that thi» would be the
natural course for the patrons of the as
surance company, but that the defend
ants will interfere with and injure the
company's business and patronage unless
they are compelled to surrender the
memoranda obtained by Gaskill, which it
is plleged ought to be regarded as the pe
culiar property of the assurance company.
The plaintiff asks for a decree to com*
pel the defendants, Gaskiil. Richards and
Henry, to deiver up for cancellation the
said memoranda, and that the defendants
be forever enjoined from using the same,
and for such other relief ss may be equita
ble. Vanness & Redman are attorneys for
the plaintiff.
ROMANCE HAD CHARMS.
Charlotte Gruenhagen and John
Gwynn Married in San
Jose.
The Brife Returned to H?r Parents
and the Young Husband Sailed
for Mexico.
San Jose has again witnessed a secret
tnarriaee. In this case two of San Fran
cisco's popular young people sought the
quiet influences of the Santa Clara metro
polis to join hands and hearts.
Miss Charlotte Gruenhagen, well known
in musical and society circles of this City,
daughter of C. H. Gruenhagen, and John
Gwynn, a young man interested in
Mexico's mine?, are the contracting
parties.
Mr. Gwynn and bi3 young wife met in
this City several years ago. They are
both ardent students of music, ana their
mutual love of harmony was the means of
Drinking them together quite often. About
a year ago, according to the young wife,
they became engaged, but, without appar
ent reason, decided to keep the betrothal
a secret. Mr. Gwynn finally decided to
seek wealth in the m net of Mexico.
A few months ago, leaving his affairs in
the care of friends, be returned 10 this
City. On February 6 be and his fiancee
went to San Jos*. In the evening they
retnrned husband and wife. Mrs. Gwynn
returned to the home of her pirents, 2312
Goush street, and explained her absence.
The young woman's husband sailed for
Maxico, left his wife of a day and went to
uette up his business. In a few months,
bowever, he will return, or his wife will go
to him ; it depends upon conditions.
DR. M'LEAN ARRESTED.
Alleged to Be Kesponnlble for the Perlt
oua Condition of a Young Girl.
Olsa Tolner, a young woman who has
been employed as it domestic at tbe resi
dence of M. Meyer, 620,V£ Steiner street, is
lying in a very critical condition at the
Receiving Hospital.
B.e is only 19 years old. She accuses
Pr. James McLean of having performed a
criminal operation upon her last Monday
at his offices on Market street.
The physician was taken into custody
yesterday moning by Police Officer An
thony, ana he sas booked on a serious
charge at the City Prison.
He denies bis puilt, bat farther than
that he refuses to talk as he fears to ag
gravate his case by talking too much.
"I will ieave the matter entirely in the
bunds of my attorneys and they have
given me strict instructions to converse
with no one but themselves," the aged
prisoner said.
Betwekn Towniend's ulace fruit, grown and
prepared in Calif mi*, and all others In com
parison abflurd. Tiy^them. Palace Hovel bldg.»
CUBA'S FRIENDS
MEET TO-NIGHT
Mayor Phelan's Committee
Will Confer for the
First Time.
Arrangements Will Be Made fcr
a Mass-Meeting at an
Early Date.
Speeches on Liberty and This Coun
try's Doty Will Be Made by
Able Orators.
The Mayor's committee to devise ways
and means to aid Cuba will meet at Cali
fornia Hall to-night to organize perma
nently and arrange for a mass-meeting at
an early date to work in sympathy with
the Cuban League of New York.
President Jones and Secretary Mas
cberini have received many callers during
the past week and have received numer
ous ardent letters expressing goodwill to
ward Cuba ana the movement, and ex-'
tending sympathy as well as moral and
financial support.
It will be Been at a glance that those en
listed in the movement in this City are in
every sense representative citizens. The
following constitute the co-operative com
mittee appointed by Mayor Phelan to
operate with the league and similar bodies
throughout the United States:
Professor Brown G. Frittenbach
Joseph Leggeit K. H. l.uncwrora
George T. Gaden 1). 8. Klchardson
J.Frank Pierce Adolph Suiro
Thos. Hubbard veil W. ii. L. Barnes
Charles L. Paiten W. O. Litilo
M. W. Willis Winiam M. Banker
A. Meyer L. K. Ellen
' C. K. Lnnstadt James H. Barry
Moberl'Perral A. P. Van Dozer
George Peck . Fisher Ames
Oscar T. Shuck H. E. Ilignton
Major \V. l-'ahey Charles -M. s-hortridge
Jotin F. Lyons William H. Mills
Kdwin W. Jor Daniel a. McColgan
O. W. Grann s A. Kuef
Nelson Pierce J. E. Barry
Frank McGowan W. I). Crow
v. . a. Scott Edward S. Salomon
K. P. Clement K. R. arbor .
11. W. Uutton I. J. Truman
F. W.'Van Heynegom H. B. Masters
W. F. UooliitU George M. Williams
Henry B. Livingston Frederick Htaude
Col. Charles L* T .rlor R. I. Whelan
James W. OrnaorS Cd C Uroczinger
Dr. O. D. Lusllg Gavin Me.Nab
D. B. C'uDmn^uam Charles W. Keed
a. D. Jones
: It is the general sense of the committee
that a mass-meeting ought to be called at
an early date to tuke action on tbe Cuban
question, so as to put this coast on record
as in line with New York and as sincerely
in favor of any righteous movement for
liberty, particularly on this hemisphere.
"We „ have had promises of many
speeches," said Secretary Mascherini yes
terday, "and we expect to be able to add
Samuel M. Sbortridge to the list as one of
the principal speakers. His voice has
been heard for liberty so often that it
would be a good idea to have him as one
| of the principal speakers at the mass
meeting." :
"The mails bring new discussions of the
Cuban question each day," said President
Jones yesterday, "and some of our corre
spondents run to poetry."
There is great diversity of opinion
among the various friends of Cuba as to
the best way to aid her, but the prevailing
council in the ranks of adderea ts is that a
middle course ought to be pursued in. the
deliberations of the meetings. Some are
for urging that this Government . take
active measures, while others favor non-
interference; bat the platform on which
all can stand advocates that American
citizens extend to Cuba their sympathy
and give her citizens the full benefit of
their moral support.
Burglary at Burllngame.
The residence of E. W. McLel'.an, nursery
man at Burllngame, Mas entered by burglars
on February 14 and a lot of valuable jewelry
was stolen. Detective Harry Reynolds was
detailed on the case and be recovered a dia
mond ring in a Chinese pawnshop valued at
$500 which McLelian identified yesterday as
his property, aud it was handed to him. No
trace of the burglars has been found.
Trunk* Moved 25 tents.
Commercial Transfer Company, 43 Sutter st.
lei. main 49. Furniture moved reasonably.*
LIGHTS WANTED
AT LAKEVIEW.
Property- Holders Unite in
Preparing Their Pe
tition.
They Set Forth Well That the
Section Is Growing Very
Rapidly.
Supervisors Are Counted Upon to
S;e That Darkness Shall No
Lcnger Prevail.
A mass-meeting of property-owners and
residents of Lakeview and Ingieside Im
provement Club was held at Peraico's
Hall last night, at which William Corbin
presided.
The object of the meeting was to peti
tion the Board of Supervisors to place
from fifteen to twenty electric lights on
Ocean boulevard, from San Jose to Ingle
side, over a distance oi about three miles
of road, upon which there is not the faint
est glimmer of even a tallow candle during
the night.
In the absence of M. J. Donovan, the
chairman of tbe light committee ap
pointed by the club at a previous meeting,
Captain P. M. Clarkson of the committee
reported that he had interviewed Super
visor River?, the chairman of the L ght
Committee of the Supervisors, during tne
week, and from him had learned that it
would be impossible to eet licbts placed
on tbe boulevard before next July, when
I robably an appropriation wonld be made
sufficient to give the ol ub what it desired.
In the meantime he advised the commit
tee to petition the board for that purpose.
This was done by drafting the following
petition:
Lakeview, Cal., Jan. 9, 1897.
Dr. C. A. Clinton, Supervisor Eleventh Ward,
San Francisco, CaK— Dear Sir: We, citizen*
and property-holders oi Lakeview, kindly ask
you to aid us lv securing electric-lights ior
this particular portion of the City. You, of
course, are aware oi the fact that we never
have bad a single light here, nor has the City
ever «pent a single cent in helping us.
This section of the City is growing very rap
idly, and would grow much mster if furnished
with a lew lignts. Tbe racetrack is situated in
this d. strict, and, as is true oi all racetracks,
has some very bad element that follows iv
Nightly it is damped upon us, and, owing to
no lights, tbe police are almost powerless to
cope with it. The remark made by gome one
that one good electric-light ia as good as a po
liceman is about correct.
To give us proper light it will require about
fifteen lights. Owing to the tact that electric
poles and ii*hts are within one block of us,
over the hill on the Ocean View side, the cost
oi putting In these lights wouid be very in
expensive.
We made a similar application to the Board
of Supervisors which has just retired from of
fice, but were toid, "No funds on hand."
We trust you can give us some immediate
relief, and thank you ior anticipated savors.
Tuis document received over 100 signa
tures at tne meeting, with more to be
ndded before iis presentation to the
board.
The light committee, which consisted of
M. J. Donovan, H. J. Knight and Captain
P. M. ClarKson, was enlarged by adaing
President Corbin and C. B. Kitch. The
latter, who is connected with the Market
street Railroad Company, made an ad
dress urgine that lights should be placed
on the boulevard.
Captain Clar&son also spoke of the
necessity of d tter protection against fires.
Patrick Harrington and others advo
cated immediate action for tbe betterment
of the Inglcside and Lakeview district in
which there is over $75,000 worth of prop- j
erty wholly unprotected.
MUST HAVE FUSE POOD.
Manufacturers Join the Board of Health
to Knfurco the Law.
The Manufacturers' and Producers' As
sociation has taken up the crusade against
the adulteration of foods, and has re
quested the co-operation of the Board of
Health and tbe Police Judges.
Julian Sonntag, the president of tbe
association has sent a letter to each of the
four Police Judges, in which he said:
Dear Sir: The Manufacturers' and Producers'
Association, in conjunction with the Board oi
Health of San Francisco, Will again endeavor
to bring to justice violators oi the pure food
laws.
This association has appointed a special
committee to confer with the four Judges of
the Police Courts and would respectfully ask
that a time and place be set where we' may
jointly meet. Awaiting your earliest con
venience in this matter, I remain yours very
truly, Manufacturer*' and Producers' Associa
tion of California.
By Julian Sokntaq, President
Yesterday Mr. Sonntajr received very
satisfactory answers from Police Judges
Low and Jonchimsen, in which arrange
ments were made for a conference with
committees from the Board of Health and
the association, to be held in Judge Low's
chamber to-morrow afternoon. The
Judges assured Mr. Sonntag of their
hearty co-operation in enforcing the pure
food ordinance.
HIRSCHBACH BENEFIT.
Testimonial at the Tivoll Opera-House
YeMterday Mas a Great Success.
Tbe testimonial benefit given to Joseph
Hirschbacn at the Tivoli yesterday after
noon was well attended and the receipts
were good. The programme was a long
one and the numbers were well rendered.
Every one billed to appear was tnere to
take part.
Ferris Hartman in tbe farce "Wanted —
A Sinjrer; or, The Arrival of Yellin Peach
Jaw," played the manager in search of a
singer and gave the following reason why
be wanted a star: "You see, I had a com
pany once, but one of the papers copv
riirhted them and won't let them open
their months, so I am in search of a star."
Melville Ellis accompanied the singers.
The committee of arrangements were:
Elvia Crox Beabrooke, Annie Suits, Carl
Martens, E. M. Rosner, Ferris Hartman,
John J. Kaffael, W. H. Leahy and George
Lask.
Lecture on "Mary Stuart."
The subject of Professor Albin Putiker's
lecture this evening in his course on "Schil
ler" will b9 "The Highest Dramatic Art In
•Mary Stuart' " and a comparison with "Hans
let," with readings and extemporaneous
translations from this great German play.
The lecture will be given at the German
lecture hall of thn Young Men's Chrlstain As
sociation building, corner ot Ellis and Mason
street*.
OTEW TO-DAT.
Money -back means : we
lend you Schilling's Best
tea. -
If you like it you buy it
If you don't like it your
grocer pays you your money
back. *> V
A Schilling & Company J^S"~^- '
" * San Francisco . _ W7
1 ;-.';":,:■:.;-■ .
sew to-dat:
"colds
Munyon's Cold Cure cures colds in the
head, co da on the lunjrs, old colds, new
colds and obstinate colds, and all forms of
grip. Stops sneezing, discharges from the
nose and eyes, prevents catarrh, diphthe-
ria, pneumonia and ail throat and lung
troubles. These p easant little pellets are
absolutely harmless, have saved thousands
of lives and prevented much sickness.
Price, 23c.
Improved Homoeopathic Home Remedy
Company put up a separate cure for each,
disease. At all druggists, mostly 25 cents.
Guide to Health free.
Personal letters to Prof. Munyon, 1505
Arch street, Philadelphia, Pa., answered
with free medical advice for any disease.
K"ETW TO-DAT— AiTOSEMENTS.
mitOLAWp.OOTTU)D tj^unt} ahd rwtM W» • • -
everybody""]"" a
wants I tip i
LET US GIVE YOU ONE.
PLAY OUR TICKET;
"inimitable FANNY RICE
In Her -New Version of
"AT THE FRENCH BALL!'
IUMPANV, MU.-1C I ALL
DANCES, SPECIALTIES, | GREAT.
Matinee To-morrow Only.
BALDWIN THEATER.
AlUaVman £ Co. (Incorpora'.eJ} i'roprtdsa.'i
EVERT EVENING EXCEPT SUNDAY.
Matinee Saturday Only.
A GENUINE TRIUMPH!
JAMES A. HERNE
As NATHANIEL BEKKY In
"SHORE ACRES"
Direction of HENRY C. IIINER.
jKB" Seats Now Selling; for Next Week, Second
ana Last But One. .
CALIFORNIA THEATER.
THIS AFTERNOON! TO-NIGHT!
Saturday and Sunday Afternoons.
Saturday and Sunday Nights.
sousii:
ELIZABETH NORTHROP ". Soprano
MAK.IXA JOHNSTONK Viollnlsce
ARTH R PRIOR Trombone
FRANZ HELL Flaege horn
RESERVED I Nl«hts— soc. 75c, $1 Oj and $1 50.
siiATS I Matinee— 6o& 75c and $1 00.
TIVOL! OPERA-HOUS2
U.aa.KKXiiaTixx Kbkt.it.->. Proprietor & Manager
TO-NIGHT
O-R.AND DOUBLiH 811-iIjI
Yon Sappe's Beautiful One- Act Operetta,
THE LOVELY
"GALATEA"
AND
• Gilbert & Sullivan's Esthetic Two-Act Opera,
"PATIENCE."
GRAND CASTS I
Beautiful Scenery and Correct Costumes
— — NEXT WEEK
"THB MIKADO!"
'"X > 38C33 MZKATJO!' 1 *
Popular Prices 25c and sOc
MOROSCO'S
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
WALTER MoROHCO. ..Sola lessee and Mam**;
SPLENDI J REVIVAL
Of Oliver Byron's Sensational Melodrama,
10,000 MILES AWAY.
Presented With a Splendor Never Before
Attempted In a San f'rauclsco Theater.
BEAUTIFUL SCENERY !
«*" . STIRRING SITUATIONS!
Many Specialties by Numerous Clever Artists.
Evening: Prices— lOs, 25c and sOc.
Matinees Satur<l»y ami Sunday--
Performance Bf»xtne> at 8 Sharp.
BARNEY FA MAN and HE.V uIJETTA BYRON,
Farce Comedians; THE FINNEYS. Champion
■swimmers: HAVES. LYTTOS * HAVES, In
"Camllle Up to Date." THE PANTZER*. THE
KESPoSi Oreat Lyric Stars, «rill.n Abrak-
ofk, Miss Cotte and Miss Busch, etc.
Reserved Stats, 25c; Balcony 10c; Opera Cnairi
and Box. Seats, 60c.
Concerts by the Royal Hunearian Court Or-
chestra immediately after the evening perform-
ance in the Orpbeum Annex.
m I A A "9 A n I Late- Comers
HI Hiky^Ml TUK>EI> AWAY
WLWWfaHBII Last Merit:
The Capacity of toe Theater A gain Tested J—^
Enormous Success of tun Great Hay,
SAINTS AND SINNERS!
GEORGE OSBOURNK, FRANCES JOLLIFFK,
HUGO TOLANDand iha Entire Company.
Our Regular Prices! Telephone tor seats £lacK99l
Grand SoUVE.VIR Mailnee Next Saturday!
. - The '.'5O h Performance of tbe Company I
O'F^rreil sirt-et, iiear aiockiou.
San Francisco's Family Concert Hall.
A MAGNIFICENT SUCCESS
HOUSES CROWDED TO THE DOORS!
HERR FERDINAND STARK,
The famous Hungarian Violin Virtuojo. and his
Brilliant Organization,
THE VIKNNA OKCHESTRA.
O~Grand Concert Every Evening at M o'clock.
PACIFIC COAST JOCKEY CLUB
.:• :.-;: .. (INGLESIDE TRACK). 1
The only Partect Winter Race trace m America
RACING 3%jkg KACISO
Racing From Monday, Feb. 'i 3, to Satur-
day, Slurch 6, Inclusive.
Five or More Races Daily, Rain or Shin?,
FIRST HACK AT 2 P. M.
Take Southern Faclflc ' trains at Thirl anl
Townsend sta. depot, leaving at 1 and 1:30 p. m.
Fare for Round. Trip, including Ad-
mission to Grounds, »1.();>.
Taice Mlssion-at. electric line dlrec: to trace.
The Mo -t it Chandon White Seal Stakes Mon-
day, February 22.
. The ?chrelber Stakes Saturday, February 37.
Th« Crocker Stakes Saturday. March tS.
A. B. 6H.KECKJ&LS. President.
W. a. Leakb, Secretary.
SUTRO BATHS.
FINE PROGRAMME.
Grand Concert Every Sunday Afternoon.
General Admission, lOo; Children, sc.
THE CHUTES.
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
BUSCH, the Golden Varaolre: is X ESI NO. Wire
Walker, the ANIMATOSCOPK and
A Host of Attractions at Night.
ADMISSION IQc CHIL»IU:.V 5o
0000000000000
AN EXCELLENT
■ .
Tl /| U* AT Properly prepared and
\Vlt\r\ I r -J: promptly served, can
*. ¥ " ** • **-' always bs obtained in
THE GRILL ROOM OF THE
Decidedly the T"V AT A •'*!'<
Most Popular PA I AIK
Dining Apart- *> ■iiJ-/il\j JJi
ment in town,
0000000000000
78
IMP. IVY WON AT
ODDS OF 100 TO 1
A Reversal of Form That
Gave Bettors a
Shock.
Tuesday the Mare Was Beaten
by a Cheap Lot of
Platers.
Salvable Again Scores With Ease
Clissie B First at 12 to I—Fore
most Again in Good Shape-
On Tuesday last the Anstralian-bred
mare Ivy, when ridden by "Skeets" Mar
tin, finished behind such ordinary per
formers as Chappie, Roy Caruthers, So
niro and others in a live and a half fur-
Jong scramble, won by Morven. Yester
day she came out in the opening mile
dash at Ingleside, and with as good ad 100
to 1 obtainable against her in the books
beat such company as Peter the Secoi.d,
Logan and Yankee Doodie. On tne occa
sion, of her previous bad showing the mare
was heavily played, yet the odds drifted
back from 3}£ to sto L Martin gave as
an excuse for the poor ride iurnisbed that
he bad been bumped several times, and
hard as he tried to persevere with his
mount the mare would not try. In yes
terday's run Piggott piloted the Antipo
dean.
In the betting Yankee Doodle opened a
2 to 5 choice, but on a report gaining cre
dence that be was "short" the educated
money went on Logan. The latter and
the odds-on favorite traveled in clo*e com
pany to tt.e bend for home, where Piggoit,
on Ivy, slipped through next the rail and,
although tiring at the end, downed Peter
the Second a head in the slow time of
1:43' 3 . Logan secured the show.
Tne climatic conditions were perfect for
racing, and another Jarge crowd visited
the track. Barring one or two dumps,
the talent fared very well, though but two
pronounced choices did win, the majority
of the horses that crossed the line hrst
carrying more or less support.
In the mile and a sixteenth purse event
there were but five starters, with Tat
Dunne's good colt Salvable going to tne
po»t an S to 5 choice, though at one time
3 to 1 was obtainable. From sixes the
Baldwin entry, Argentina, was piayed
down to Hi to 5. At the post Greyhurst,
Bnuna and Argentina caused considerable
delay by tneir unruly actions. When
finally sent away Greynurst, with Suisun
at his head, sailed out in lront at a te rrific
clip, fairly losing the others. When the
stretch was reached both began tiring, and
I\i;.rti::, on BaJvaUie, making his move,
came on and won easily from Argeniiua
by less than a length in i'AS%.
The finisn of the third race aawClissie B,
Woodchopper and Meadow Lark pass the
wire noses apart in the order named.
Clissie B and Woodcuopper alternated in
making the running to the stretch, w:.ere
the duo were joined by Meadow Lark and
a lint drive ensued. Barrirtgton on Clisaie
H fairly outdid himself, riding like a ve:
eran and getting the verdict. The 13 to 10
lnvorite Olive was away poorly ana never
cut any figure in the tunning.
With Midlo scratched old Yemen with
T. 61oan up was backed down from 8 to 5
and 9 to 10 favoritism and the chestnut
did the trick very cleverly. Sloan look
the lead from Jack-o'-Lantern at the first
jump, and traveling at an easy pace led
Major Cook out by two lengths. Jack-o'-
Lantern received the show in a drive.
The iive-furlong d&sh that followed was
the medium of a big plunge on Salli^
Clicquot, which, opening at twos, »a
hamincred down to even money in a sec
ond. Celoso, which opened at 7 to 5, re
ceded half a point- Tne other starters re
ceived but slight consideration from spec
THE "CALL" RACING GUIDE.
PACIFIC COAST JOCKEY CLUB. Ingleside Racetrack. Thursday. February 25. Flftv
'fifth day ot the Winter Meeting. 1890-97. Weather fine. Track stood.
fcf\O M:>Sl IUCi.-Ocemile; purse »350.
Jndez.
Horse, asre, welcht.
\m.
»A Btr. rin. Jockey.
1 % 12% lh P1gg0tt.:..'......
4 4 | Mi DoKite-t
32 «2h I 3h J. siiieid.'...;:::
2 h 3 2 I 4 j H. Martin.
Betttnr
Op. fl.
690 Imp. Ivy, a 104J
550 i'ei-r thH !?ec.. 6.. iO9
W\l Lognn, a 1091
(435)|Va.ikt-e Doodle,4.n4i
I 2 |
32
4"
! U
2 4
i 1 h
31
4
2 2
lh
40
6
4
2-5
75
6
t-'t
1-2
Ooiml a: art.
'on driving.
Winner. F. M. Burlte's hr. m., by Cistor-Veneraiion
Time, 1 :43y»-
-£()4. btCOND HACK-
pur«e »600.
Index. I
Horse, ace, weleht.
I |* I |
it Std. | V 4 \ % \
4 4 4 410 81
2 8•- 3 2 410
55 8 *
3!l b 2 8 1 h
1 22% 111 .26 i
i '
Jockey.
BetilDt.
Op. Cl.
Str. I
(586) 'Solvable. 4 ll;9
509 ; ArrtMiiica, 4 101
607 Lincoln J I, 3. 94
6*9 Greyhurst, 3. 91
094 sulsuii, 3 89
3% 3 1
■ll', 4 6
5 5
1b 1 h
2 2%|2 b
11
« Vi i
36 \
42 •
5
W. Martin a-a
Thorp«? ! 6
Hoihernall 30
Clawson 5-2
i Thompson | 6
9-r.
7-2
60
6-2
92
Good atar.. Won hamily. Winner. 11,I 1 , l'unne'ii b. a, by Falva or-!^dia. Time. 1:48%.
fiO"! II1Ii:Xj ■ UAt ~ i: — Three-fonrths fJ a mile; three-yeur-olda and upward; »elling; purso«4lO.
i Hnw, nge, weleht.
Btr.
ileaitiK
593 C:l«le B, 4. ...... 100
69) { Woodchopper, a..18
:.91 Meadowlark. 5.. .105
• r >ts4 Dolorc. 8 H6
690 Roy Carroiheni,3. 91
.'.Ol Koadruoner, ti...1i»6
691 Olive, 5 101
663 Dennis, 4 1(;3
£86 Hotspur, ft lOtt
2 |
6 I
8
4
5
7
9
1
31
1 h
41
6Va
Ufa
5 1
It
5 Vs
9 1
1 3
7 8
4V»
i I*
5h
M 4
i 3%
2 2
1 3
3 i
5 1
4 6 Vi
4 1
7 2
Ho
9
lh !B»criiiit*r I
2 h ! Hennessy
3 5 j lhorpe_ !
Ay, Ci»-J3o |
6Va Keldy I
6^a Hl«ott I
7 4 T. Slonn
RlO H. Martin. !
; 9 |BIHMI j
: !(J
16
! 5-2
15
I 10
-100
17-5
20
I'JO
■
15
13-5
6
20
40
6-5
40
150
(iocd start. Won driving.
Winner, 11. T. Ur-.iliu's eh. f., by Andrein-Gertrodp. Time, I :l6Vi.
G(\L" FOURTH KAtE-
;; puraa 9400.
Index. ilorse, age weleht.
595 Yemen, a 505 2
888 Major Coot, 6.... 103 4
555- Jaclc-o'-i<aDtern,3 i>-> 1
.".28 Trapppau. 4 105 5
* 626 McLl;lil. 6 106 6
671 La. Klecha. 4 98 7
(572) Borens. 5 lOij 3
:
M
%"_ »4 j «tr. ! Fin. I jockey.
1 - 12 11 ltt T. «10an...
31 «1 3% 2 3 ;P»?ott
2 4 2 3 2-. 3i,i ,H. Brown. . .
6% 5 2 5 5 41U Thorp-'
4% 4 4 4 6 5% H. M«r:ln
I • «1 6 2 610 Clawsoa
6V» 7 7 7 %idy....
i Heltlng.
Op. Cl.
8-5 900"
4 t9
15 15
4 7-2
J 9-2
20 60
100 100
j
I'oor start.
Won cleverly.
Winner. S. Dehnal'a eh. g.. by Al»rm-Hlm. Jime, 1:1
tj()7 FIFTH KACi! -— *'ive-eighihs cl a mile; tbree-y ear-olds and upward; purse $40J.
Index. Home, ape, weight. St.
Bming.
Op. Cl .
-9-2
360 ;
fig 4 !
590 I
102 !
&:-,6 i
6:1
161
60-'
Celoso, 3 '.•" a
Mi-* JU-ss.4 104 6
-al i- Clicquot, 4.104 7
Coppr. 8 93 8
Blue Bell, 6 10»: 3
Koad warmer, 4... Hit- l
Tulare, 3... 95 9
Laura B#rt, 3..... Si: . 10
*epoy,S 98 5
Red Bird. 6 110 4 !
: I
.........
I i
i
) h
V£
91
76
_'n
10
hi
6 1)
3 IV
22 .
3 b
4 1
6Va
5 2
1 U
I*
14 1 h .
32 2 3
2% 3 6
6% 4h
6 i 6%
■»'•.. 6 2
i y 2 73
HI 8 10
91 9 2
10 10
'. Sloan 7-5
Barr.nger i 20
Thorpe.... 8-5
Kridy 60
Hennessy 15
11. Mai tin 6
Clawson ........ 60
11. 8r0wn....... 60
Thompson...;.. 60
Krawley 4U
3-2
1:0
1
100
IS
15
2»'O
200
'ICO
100
i I
lrtl£* " tart ' ° n bRDd " y - Wlnner . J - Baldwin's b. f., by Kmperor of Korfolk-l'aola. Time,
lit\O SIXTH KACE-One and a quarter miles; aeiliiig; purse $350.
Jnrtex.i Horse. am, weight.
591 Foromosi, 6 106 5 4 2
684 Can't Dance, 4. ..1< 5 36 -'
562 MorteFonse, 5... 112 2 7
(53« i) Unity. 4..... 104 8 3li
o'JB Collins, 5 ....;... 100 1 54
693 i3:merP»6 102 ! 7 2h
57:.' Unerrystone. 5....105 4 l'Yt
st.:
! Std.
SI
68 I
1. I
5 1
V* I */*■ Sir | Fin. j . Joefc.-y.
•th IV 31 in T.SKan....
«a 6 1 3h J2 Thorpe..
] 2 «*1 3h W. .:»nin
4n ,<Jh 4iA « 3 McHugh ..........
SL SI ft V« 61 H. Martin
?^ 111 I 2 ° 10 "''*««>»
1 h "». 7, - 7 J. shields ..
Joefcry.
B
7
M
15
12
60
Oood start. Won band ily. Winner. A. B. Sr recKels' b. *, by
Time. 2:
/'QO ssJSVJBXTH KAC'f— Five-eightbs of umlle. pur>e 400. '
Index. I
f Home, age, weight.
V* '■
Vt
*w
Sir.
Jockera.
Betting.
Ip. U.
Magnet, 6... 133 2 ........ I 3 ** 32 32 |13
692 Fly, d..^..... ....118 1 lb lh | 11 21
289 Dunboy. 3... .....11 l 6 ....;.'. 6»A 6 i/ a | 53 3h
(696) The sinner. 3.:.,103 4 ....... 23 2% 23 4h
5«0 i-otta l'ercha,s..lO9 3 41 42- -* 3 64
&78 Mainstay, 5...... 113 7| ........ 7- 7 7 '61
384 Hymn. 6......;...110 5 6Va 5% 01 7
197 Trueßiue. 5..;..:H7 Leiu. ...... .;;..:;.. .......
slaughter
Docjtett.;
h. Martin.......
T. Moan
C Moan .;..
i horpe
Milder .........
K. i som
1
10
7
2
20
15
100
10
9-10
lb
. 16
-9 6
1O'»
25
- 50
15
Oood fcian. Won e*«Uy. Winner, V. A. Honit't cb. b., by imp. ht. Uißisc-il»snet:a TfWm.lMtlC
ulators. Away first at the start, Sloan on
Celoso avowed Rond warmer to lead ni.s
mount to the stretch, where he let out a
link, and at the wire won well in hand a
head in advance of the 30 to 1 ishoi Miss
Ross. The favorite, away rather poorly,
was a pood third.
Both the first and second choices went
down to defeat in the mile and a quarter
run, decided under selling conditions.
JMorte .Fonse was a consistent 2 to 1 fa
vorite in itc betting, with the wise coin
rising on ..ie cnances of Unity, which
horse opened at 2, reteded to 4 and was
then backed down to l.'Jtoo. Cherrystone
and Elmer F made mo*t of the running to
the stretch, where T. Sloan astride tne 6
to 1 shot Foremost cut loo«e and won at
the wire cleverly from Can't Dance, ridden,
by Tnorpe, also an outsider in the betting.
W ; ilie Martin's ride on Morte Fonse may
have been according to instructions, but
it appeared a very wishy-washy one.
For the first time since h:s breakdown
in the East some months ago, Dan Honiir's
great horse Magnet sported silk once
more, starting an even money etianoe for
the last pvent of the day, a five furlong
purse affair. He passed Fly and The
Dinner in the stretch as though they were
tied to nusts, and won in a big gallop in
1:02^. Fly was second, not quite a full
iengi.ii aoead of Dunboy.
NOTES.
Twenty bookmakers were doing busi
ness in the ring yesterday.
Joe Ullman laid 20 to 1 a place against
imp. Ivy and lost considerable to the race.
Secretary Leate denied emphatically
yesterday the statement made by E. J.
Emmons in the Legislature at Sacra
mento on Wednesday, as published in a
morning paper, to the effect that he had
been approached by one George McCalvey,
who, for a money consideration, offered to
suppress the Emmons racing bill, limit
ing r«cing in each county to thirty days in
»i year. The article also staled mat Mr.
Leake and his friends intended to pro
duce affidavits to that effect before the
Legislature in an endeavor to crush the
bill. The Ingleside secretary wired Mr.
Emmons a complete refutation of the re
port yesterday.
Following are the entries:
First r*ce, three-quarters of a mile, maidens.
'iM Queen Nubia. . .1(14 675 At icus 106
574 >ioreno...\ 104 500 For: Augustus.. 1O»
6X6 Tuiare 11l 467 Popinjay 114
t<«o Play Boy 11l liHO J)r Jacobs 107
691 AlUmax .109 631 Mi.jorF.udd ..111
Second race, three-quarters of a tulle, maidens.
606 Tryst 109 Yam 109
6HB Philip H 11l 170 El Lad rone 11*
SS»J Nuncomar 106 5. it) < liquot 109
81 -*nab«ss 109 631 May It 109
Placeman 106 .... Charlemagne... 10ii
Third race, one mile, three-year-o'ds.
(592)G00dT1me_....115 402 Howard 8 105
539 Scarf Pin 105 6it4 .\elmla 100
fcBS Col. Wueeler...ll)s 630 Soniro 10 #
694 Sly 100)
Fourth race, seven-eighths of a mile.
439 Instigator 1071 69* Moiler. 104
:.93 San Marco 107 -J- 3 Crawford 107
5»5 George fanner. 9 | (676)Ha-qutl 96
654 U'Fleta 107; 602 Doubtful 104
sixth race, one and one-sixteenth miles, selling.
601 Marcel 102 ... l*onvlile 101
600 Tuxedo 104 (366) Ad. e«precAels..lO7
697 Bram<!tia .102 1 an Little Cripple..
693 Joe Terry 10* |
Sixth race, • ven-elghtbs of a mi c. selling.
548 Marjorie 102 509 /pplause 105
589 Arapaho* 105 270 Midas 110
608 schuiiz. 110 692 Sweet William. 95
49« Fortuna 115 695 Mentor 95
(630)Masoero 104 496 Mobalaska 102
Seventa race, three-quarters of a mile.
568 Mahocany li.'9 593 Hazard 126
(s»<O>lorveu I^9, 695 <-eon:e Miller.. IV9
bJ? Miss Koss l'J4 (5.3)Pa1mer5t0n....131
617 Candor Ut7| 684 Mjowao.vn 126 j
SELKCTION'S FOR TO-DAY.
First race — Atticus, Moreno, Major
F'udd.
Second race — May B, Philip H, El
Ladrone.
Third race— Scarf Pin, Good Times,
Howard S.
Fourth race — Instigator, Baaqnil,
Oeo. Palmer.
Fifth race — Adolph Spreckela, Joe
Terry, Marcel.
Sixth race — Sweet William, Stencor,
Applause.
Seventh race — George Miller, Snow
down, Mortm.
To itiorni Public Affair*.
Articles of incorporation of the Citizens'
Municipal Alliance have been filed by \V. W.
Alleu Sr., D. Gilbert Dexter, Richard Lambert,
it. M. Arnold, R. P. Clement, ML S. Woodhnus,
Pr. A. McFadyen, Mark StroDse, L.uclui H.
Footi'. O. 11. Steams and Wallace Bradford.
The organization is to be non-fectcrUn »nd
uon-p&r!isan and is formed for th» purpose of
purnying and reforming public affairs.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 26, 1897.
HIS PLEA FOR THE
IRISH TENANT
Father McFadden Tells of
the Sorry Condition of
His Parishioners.
On Land Valued at 3 Cents an
Acre the Landlord Has
Grown Rich.
Twics Has the Patriot Priest B:en
Imprisoned for Protesting Against
Their Wrongs
Great interest is being manifested in the
farewell reception to be tendered to Rev.
Father James McFadden, the "patriot
priest of Gweedore, " at Metropolitan
Temple, on the evening of March 10.
Father McFadden has had a most stormy
FATHER McFADDEN, the Patriot Priest of Gweedorr, in Whose
Honor a Farewell Reception Will Be Given at Metropolitan
Temple on the Evening of March JO.
experience in his native land, being twice
imprisoned for his fearless championship
of an oppressed people.
On the first occasion, in 1888, he had
made an address in behalf of the poor
tenants who associated themselves to
gether to defend themselves against the
rapacity of the landlords. For this he
spent six months in jail. Upon his release
he went over to England and there made
protest against the oppression of the peo
ple.
Upon his return to his parish he was
welcomed by a public demonstration. He
made a speech. A policeman lying in a
ditch at a distance of several rods re
ported to the authorities wliat fee thought
he had beard. A summons was issued
for the police under a law against which
he had protested and he refused to re
spond to it. A warrant was issued, which
was served by an inspector ot police with
drawn sword at the church door when the
reverend father came from it on Sunday
morning surrounded by his people. The
peasants rushed to his assistance, believ
ing, from the rough manner of tue officer,
that he was beinc maltreated. In the
scrimmage the officer was killed. A reign
of terror in Gweedore followed.
Some twenty-two persons were arrested
with the prie3t, and the number increased
to 100 before the trial. Father McFadden
was tried not upon the original complulnt,
but lor the murder of the policeman.
Every effort was put forth to secure a con
viction. First the crown secured a change
ol venue; then a special jury of persons
having property valued at not less than
£100. and from ihrse, so careful was the
selection made, forty-two were required to
"stand aside." Still, such was the weight
of public opinion aroused everywhere,
that t!;e effort failed, and upon pleading
guilty to the simpie offense of interfering
with an pffioer he was linally dismissed.
Faiher McFadden has for yeais stood
between the oppressions of the landown
ers and his peasant people. He has been
a protesting witness to scores of evictions.
He has collected and distributed a.nong
the people us much as £oCOO to tide them
over in years wlen their barren lands
were unequal to the rent despite best
effor's and the strictest economy.
"When I realized that this was simply
i levying toll upon the generous for the
! benefit of the relentie-s landlord, is it any I
wonder I spoke plainly upon the sub
ject?" !>aid Father I>icFaclden in an inter
view last evening. "However, it has not
all been in vain, for 1 secured a reduction
ot 35 per cent in the rents as well as many
oilier betterments."
The mission of Father McFadden to
this country is to make an appeal and
quicken interest in behalf ot the op
pressed people i;mo:ig whom ho minis
ters. The hard tunes he Sound prevailing
hfre has militated against the success ol
his mission. Siill he nasdone something,
and hopes to do more. The reception at
Metropolitan Temple, it is expected, will
do much to advance his cause. It will
be an opportunity at leant to inform the
public upon conditions that are scarcely
understood an t difficult of helief.
"The area of Gw<>edore," said Father
McFad<ien last evening, "is aoout 44 000
acres, cf which 24,0JOare held by the Jand
loras in foe, so that about 20,000 are in
actual iccupatinn. of the tenants. The
population numbers 960 f.innlies, with an
average number of live and a half. The
gross valuation of the lands and improve
ments in occupation of tenants is £1283,
the valuation of tue land alone being but
£949 16s. The value of the portion of
*>ach laniily is thus less than £1.
"The average valuation o» land in
Gweedore is only 7 pence. It is poor land,
you see, made up of black bog, brown
heather and grjy granite, a;hard unpro
ductive area but oeaatiful to loot upon.
The toil is nearly all of tue same type, a
shallow surface of wet bog, with the red
dish water lying in the hol.ows resting on
a floor of granite. Yet over the poor
product of this land there has been Ruing
on a fierce struggle for forty years between
landlord and tenant. In that time the
latter have seen the rise of and
been cursed by the Jar.d specu
lator — whu has grown rich while the
country is dotted with the heaps of stones
ihat mark the trail of the evicting land
lord. In its prairie or natural state— the
state in which it was handed over
by landlords to the original tenant
in title — its value per acre is only
3 cents. One acre oi the rich land of
Meath is worth forty acres here and the
cultivation of the Gweedore holding, if
done by hired labor, would be 4000 times
as expensive as the cultivation of the one
acre in Me.uh. A few mcaeer black and
white sheep and gaunt red cattle get a
scanty living out of the narrow strips of
pasturage that lie between the bog Holes,
and somehow or other the industry of the
peasant has contrived to raise from ihis
worst of land potatoes and oats for food
and fodder and stones for the building of
his thatched hovpj with its earthern floor.
"I don't think there are twenty hold
ings in Gweeuore that pay the rent and
support tue families living In them. The
money paid to the landlord represent* the
! savings of the returned miner and farmer
from America and Australia and of the
factory and 1 arresting work of the men
who go into other districts ot Ireland and
Great Britain. Eight landlords dispose of
the people of Gweedore and they represent,
either in th<Ur own persons cr those of
their predecessors a monumental system
of robbery. They havo sucked the tenant
dry of whatever revenue he might have,
even to the contributions of cnarity in the
sum of £5000 »• cured throucb my efforts
as 1 have explained.
"Or.c of the landlords declared at one of
the inquiries instituted that the people
'could n-.ake a living out of the kelp.' He
said nothing about the land. Some of the
crudest cases of eviction on this same
man's estates were those of returned
American*, after they had sunk £200 or
£300 in the land. Every improvement on
u.ese lands that nas abided value to the
original 3 cents an acre is the work of the
tenant. But for all this toi! it was always
the £10 or £15 earned at day labor in a
foreign land out of which tne landlord
obtained hi? rent. The bailiff used to be
in the houses within a f"W hours of the
laborers' return in the fall, and before he
had completed his rounds had taken up
the bent portion of (he money they had
broncht with ihem.
"In distress years or when there was a
death in the famiiy these poor creaiures
would write their English employer ask
ing the loan of a pound cr two, promising
to work it out next toarvest-time. Thus
they were compelled to mortgage their
bodies to pay the landlord iheir uttermost
farthing. Within forty years these people
have been changed from a pastoral com
munity, associated in town land*, paying
nominal commonage rents and enjoying
pasturage rights, of which latter they
have Deen deprived. At one blow the
landlords appropriated 24.000 acres — more
than one-naif — to tbeir sole use, and of
the balance the rent has been nearly
trebled."
It was for protesting against these out
rages that Father McFadden has been
thrust into jail and confined there for, in
his two terms, more than a year. Since
his appointment as parish priest in 1876, a
recejit writer declares, "the people have
known no other earthly providence than
the gray-eyed priest, with the strong, bull
dog face, lit up like the lops of the Done
gal Mountains in fair autumn weather by
a smile that is sunshine itself. It was
pathetic to me, a stranger, to go to
Gweedore in the father's absence and
note the lost air of the people. They
were like orphaned children. It showed
me, v non-Catholic. that nothing
short of a rare combination of popu
lar sympathies with tie habit of
ascendency which the Catholic priest ex
ercises in his capacity of spiritual auto
crat could have raised the folk of Gweedoro
from the cruel rieeradat ions of their lot.
They were slaves; Father McFadiien
made them men. He taught the value of
combination; he formed .branches of the
league; he cleared the way to the Land
Courts; he protected their vote in the
Revision Court-. He gavo the people law
where they had none. With the new
spirit of freedom came, as was to be ex
pected, a great moral revolution. * • *
Unroedore is practical iy a parish of tee
totalers. Petty liiigation — "the curse of
the Irish peasant— has disappeared, and
the courthouse at Gweedore is only open
when a coercion act is in force."
BOLD MISSION FOOTPADS
D F. Bean, a Teamster, Held
Up by Two Men Last
Night.
Because H? Had No Money They
Beat Him Into Unconscious*
ness.
D. F. Bean, a teamster living at Twen
ty-first and Bryant streets, was attacked
by footpads last night, and beaten into
unconsciousness.
He was on his way home, between 11
and 12 o'clock, walking along Bryant
street. As be reached Seventeenth street,
two ruen suddenly confronted him and
demanded his money. One of tliem had
■ revolver in Ins hand, and pointed it
menacingly at Bean's head.
Bean told him he did not have a cent,
and with an oath the footpad with the
revolver strucK him on the bead witn the
butt end, knocKing him down. He was
stunned uy the blow, out felt them going
Ibrouch his pockets. He had told them
the 1 1 mh, and when they found that his
purse was empty they beat and kicked
him until he entirely lost consciousness.
The footpads, aft»r venting their rape
upon the inoffensive man, disappeared.
Bran was di* C uvered by a citizen, who no
tihed the Seventeenth-street station.
.Bean was unable to give any description
of ins assailant?.
WOBG LUNG'S FINE
Th« Chinese Gambler Ha« Appealed
From (lie Police Court Verdict.
. "Wonß Lung, the Chinese gambler who
was found guii:y on Wednesday . last in
Judge Joachimsen's court, was sentenced
yesterda y morning to Day a tine of $200 or
serve 180 days in the County Jail. His
attorneys gave notice of appeal and filed a
boud.
There is bat one h r «tore being oper
atei by Suaamern>ld& Roman, and that's
at Fifth ana Market streets.
RUSHING WORK ON
THE VALLEY ROAD
Agent Young Spsaks of a
Clear Sweep to Bakers
field.
Two Suits for Condemnation
Brought on the Reed ley and
Visalia Line.
Four Camps of Graders and a Large
Number of Te.m —A Stcx;y of
Renewed Ac.ivity.
C. S. Young, rieht of way agent for the
San Francisco and San Joaquin Railroad,
was among the arrivals here yesterday.
He says the work i» prceressing rapidly
on the road and that apparently all the
wishes of the builders oi the road and ot
friends of tne line will be realized.
"There is a clear right of way now,"
said Mr. Young, "from Fresno to Bakers
field by way of Hanford, a distance of 110
mile;. Tha grading south of Fresno,
which commenced last Sunday, is going
right along. There are some 200 men and
120 teams at work, as near as I recall.
They expect to get to Hanford, which is
about thiny miles distant, by July 1.
"The only big river to cross is Kings,
for which a bridge contract has been given
already. The other streams are small — in
fact, they are largely canals. There are
four or five* of them. In all, there are
four camps of the gradera on the Hanford
line."
Speaking of other work in obtaining the
right of way Air. Young said:
"We are now working on the Reedley
and Visalia part of the San Joaquin road.
We have all the contracts for right of way
between Fresno ai,d Visalia, with the ex
ception of four or five.
"A suit of condemnation has been com
menced against Smilie Brothers, the con
tractors, of this City, for a right of way
through Del Rio R-y vineyard, owned by
them, for the distance of one mile. An
other suit has been brought against W. D.
Kendall, a capitalist of Sacramento, for
right of way through thirty acres. A
case is pending in connection with crossing
a corner of twelve acres owned by R. J.
Truman. It may be settled to-day.
"We expect to go to work on tue Reed
ley line to Visalia quickly, and buiia into
Visalia, 130 miles, by July 1.
"It is livelier in the valley now than it
was a while ago. The completion of tn*e
road to Fresno has helped that town. One
can see that i% is brisker than it was.
People are feeiine pretty good. There is
no question but the cheaper freight rates
cb uined through its completion will be of
great benefit to the people.",
Mr. Young's stay here will be brief. He
expects to get back to Fresno to-day.
MIDWEEK THEATER NOTES
"Shore Acre*" Meet* With Sncceaa at
the Baldwin — Popular Melodrama
at the Grand.
"Shore Acres" at the Baldwin is not
creating any particular furor, though it
ia drawing fairly well. Ererytning in the
play aeems to appeal to t.e audiences
that see it; even the property baby is ap
plauded. The peculiar charm of the play
liea in the delicacy and quiet truth fulness
of its character drawing and its local
coloring. Probably there are character
istics that dawn on the public somewhat
slowly, but as "Shore Acres" will stay
here two weeks longer, San Francisco will
have time to learn to know it well.
"At the French Ball," with Fanny Rice
B\tue bright particular star, is keeping
the audiences at the Columbia Theater in
a state of almost continuous merriment.
Several members of the supporting com
pany have cecome popular, particularly
John S. Terry, as Paic.'i, tne shoemaker;
John Conley, wno is very amusing and
natural as Erasmus, the colored servant,
and Taillard, who is funny without being
vulgar in the role of JSightbird at Die ball?
•'At the French Ball" will run for part
of next week.
"Ten Thousand Miles Away" is enjoy
ing a prosperous run at the Grand. The
stage settings are especially good, the
view of San Francisco from the deck of
the Meamer Honolulu being always ap
plauded. Lander Stevens has made a
tuvorable Impression and Baby Temis has
become a prime favorite. Several of the
spec. al ties are very good.
"Saints and Sinners" is drawing well at"
the Alcaznr. George Osbourne is touch
ingly pathetic as the leading saint in the
organization, and Francis Powers and
ifaurioa Stewart cleverly capture the
hatred they deserve as champion sinners.
Miss Juiiet Crosby, one of the Alcazar's
debutantes, .has only a very little role as
Fanny, a country girl, who i<* just engaged
to be married, but her make-up is so re
markably bucoiic, and she acts witn such
tittering coyness, that she makes the hit of
the performance— it a hit is to oe gauged
oy laughter and applause. Miss Frances
Jolliffi has a strong part, and for a
debutante does some remarkable work in
it. Gordon Foster is clever as the revenge
lui lover, and John Armstrong does good
work as the ingcniou- Lot Burden.
"By Proxy" will be played next week.
Both operas in the Tivoli's double bill
are well acted and well staged. In "Pa
tience" the choruses are sung with excel
lent spirit and precision, and in hia make
up as the esthetic Bunthorne, Ferris
Hartman's warmest admirers scarcely
knew him, till they recognized some of
his characteristic touches. "Tbo Lovely
HEW to-dat.
Ilil LSI !! & KMSir?.
Bnccessom to HIRVCH <fe KAHN,
333 Kearny street,
Optical Goods § Photo Supplies,
WILL REMOVE MARCH Ist
To No. 7 Kearny Street,
. , Opposite Chronicle Building
EQUALED FACILITIES FOB THE
j I'iiOPKK FITTINti OF GLASSES.
Best Equipped Optical Store on the
Pacific Coast. . ■ , '
ffriihrs Mai VeptalJls Ms
Are acknowledged by thousands 'of . persons who
have us-id tnem for over rortv years to cure -
HIK HKADACHE, GIDDINESS,, C >Ns»TtPA-
TIO.%, 'torpid Uver, Weak swmach, dimples ana
purlfv the b'ooJ. . •; . .
Crosman'sSpclclS
With tuis .euiwly persons van cure tnemielvea
without the least exposure, caange of diet, or
change in application to business. The medicine
contains nomine that is of the least injury to vlin
constitution. Askyour flrujglstlor .Filee, si
a boit.e. I
Galatea" is a pretty little work that ts
cleverly interpreted.
Next'wefk anotner Gilbert and Sullivan
opera will be produced.
Barney Fagan and Miss Henrietta Byron
are meeting with a good deal of success at
the Orpbeum this week. Fagan's singing
and Miss Byron's many changes of atiire
have especially appealed to the popular
taste. Etniiy Lytton and the Hayes
Brothers continue their amusing parody
on "Caniille," and the swimming icats of
the Finneys are as much appreciated as
ever.
The applause lavished on the members
of the Grand Opera Qaar'.et in their solos
shows that the Orpneum public enjoys
operatic music luily as well as popular
ditties.
MORE OPIUM FOUND.
A Second Seizure Made by Customs In
spectors on the Panama Steamer
Acapulco Yesterday.
The customs inEpsctors on tho steamer
Acapulco, encouraged by tne finding of
twenty-eight tins of smuggled ooium in
the fal«e bottom of Quartermaster Vad
vars' trunk, are exercising more than or
dinary vigilance, and their zeal was re
warded yesterday by the rinding of another
small lot oi the contraband drup.
Concealed in the steering gear in a place
not likely to be overhauled they discovered
four 5-tael tins of optlm, which were
promptly confiscated and sent to the ap
praiser's store. Of course no owner ap
peared to claim the tins and no arrests
were made.
Dennis Vadvars, the quartermaster of
the steamer, who was arrested on a charge
of smuggling, was beld in $1000 bonds by
United States Commissioner Heacock* yes
terday.
HEALTH DEPAETMENT RAID.
Food Seized at an Auction Store and
One Arreat Made.
Market Inspector Ben Davig, Milk In
spector Dockery and Police Officer Butter
worth yesterday made a raid upon Mor
ton't auction store, 106 Pine stree 1 ., and
cairied away 66 cases of canned and bot
tled goods, which were found to be unfit
for food. They learned that the goods
had been consigned to the house for sale
by H. Levy & Co. They consisted of canned
fish, ehrimpa, meats, mustard and some
other commodities. H. Morton, who was
selling the goods, was arrested. Last nicht
it was reported that Levy would be "ar
rested to-day. Some of "the nab. which
was marked 65 cents p*r tin, was sold at
the auction store at the rate of 15 cents
per case and 33 cases were purchased at
that price by John Kunst, who does busi
ness on Harrison street. Louis Fish of
Oakland bought the remainder of the con
signment. The cases, bottles and cans
were all taken to the City Hall last night
to be used aa evidence.
Holt Choral Society.
The first ci>3n rehearsal of the Holt Choral
Society, given at Grace EpiscoDal Church, was
a most pleasing and largely attended affair.
The programme was as follows: Ode. "The
Moon": soprano *010, "Only a Lyre Immor
telle;" cantata, '-The Lady of Shaloit;" con
tralto solo, "Cradle Song" ; quartet, "There's a
Song I Used to Sing"; gavotte, "Tne Primiose."
Ttr. Voorsanger'a Lecture.
Divine services this evening at the Temp'e
.Emanu-El commence at 7:45 o'clock. Dr.
Voorsanger will Rive the fourth lecture tin we
new course on "The Etnics of Modern Poets."
Special sutject, "Tne FiitU Stanza of Words
worth's Ode on Immonality." The com
munity Is cordially invited. Ail «re we'eome.
NEW TO-PAY.
Your ■•'■
Health §l§g§
WILL v / ch^L
"DTCT7 iF* I
RISE LJJ
under its invig- / ZE M
orating warmth / ~W~ In
and nourishing, / "^gL^. ill
life-giving cle- / J I
ments* Twice / *»• I
as nutritive as / — -*^ I
chicken; a great- / 8~~~ I
ct heat producer / gr> In
than the best / -»^f §
beef. All Grocers / m I
sell it. 32 cups / *»* I
for 25c '; / «*^M II
wiranlcllifl
' A5 OCO Mk
i ' ~-V
A New York druggist, on Broadway, who seems to be selling a whole
lot of the five-cent cartons of
RIPANS TABILES
while some of his neighbors ; say that . the goods do not move very well, ex-
plains the difference in. this way: ■'• I keep the five-cent cartons on the -
counter where everybody can see them ! Now and then some one takes a
1 carton or maybe a handful of them, getting five for a quarter or maybe six.
When a medicine is as well advertised as Ripans Tabules are," says he,' " there
Is a good deal of . trade to be picked up by keeping them in sight, because,
when a customer sees them he recalls the advertisement and is inclined to -
make a small investment, whether he wants it just , then or not. Nearly
everybody seems to want Ripans Tabules, and I notice that when a man
, . buys them once he is likely to bring his friend around next week."
DUFFY'S PURE
FOR medicinAij^e
NO FUSEL OIL
The nipping winter air
cannot harm bodies forti-
fied by this great medici-
nal stimulant. There is
no better protection
against Colds. Get pam-
phlet from
DUFFY MALT WHISKEY CO.,
Rochester, N. Y.
THE
WEEKLY
GHLL
©{ It Publishes the Cream of fht
oc News of the Week and
©< MANY ATTRACTIVE AND
©< ORIGINAL FEATURES.
°< IT IS THE BEST WEEKLY •
at PAPER ON THE
cJ PACIFIC COAST
llt Publishes Cream of th«
News of the Week and
MANY ATTRACTIVE AND
ORIGINAL FEATURES.
IT IS THE BEST WEEKLY
PAPER ON THE
PACIFIC COAST
Always Republican, but Always
3 Fair and Impartial in Its
q) Rendering of the Po-
q) litical News.
3 It's the Paper to Sand East if
0/ You Want to Advertise
oc California.
°S The Best \^
;c* Telegraphic \/ r News That
ick Service on /N. Is Accurate
c^ The Coast / \& up to data
al ~y \ — — :
D •
!°\ . Not a Line of it Sensational
°^ or Faky, and Not a Line of
j°V it Dry or Uninteresting.
2 A PAPER FOR THE COUNTRY FIRESIDE.
) Bright, Clean, A Champion of
©< Tbouzbtful. Truth.
2 A CALIFORNIA NEWSPAPEB
| gj ALL THE TIME.
°J IT ADVOCATES SENT BY
Ci HOME MAIL, Sl.3©
cJ INDUSTRIES A YEAR.
o{ THE CALL SPEAKS TOR ALL
WEAK MEN AND WOMEN.
CURED AS IF BY MAGIC.
HAS IMITATORS. BUT NO EQUALS.
Wm^m^, best made - Call or
!|^vv«V?>7y?^@Fsend for free book, :
i^ffij^ffi^cHffi " How to Get Health,
and How to Keep It."
'•^^vviv^ Advice of European
j3£tt£ Doctors. Climates that
<**» care disease.
THE VIKCHOW CO. (LIMITED),
American Agentg, lOOStockton St., S.F.
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMUNA BITTERS. THE
great Mexican Remedy: gives Healtn and
Strength to the Sexual Organs.THE PASSING OF
THOMAS B. SHANNON
A Great Throng of Pioneers
in Attendance at His
. : Funeral.
Left $10,000 Life Insurance and
. . . the Residue ot a Large
.'.-• Fortune.
Strange Incidents in the Career cf a
. Tinner— Had the Confidence of
. I - Linco.n and Grant.
'.A throng of old-time residents of San
. Francisco, among them many of the earli
est of the pioneer-s'attended the obsequies
of ex-Congressman Thomas B. Shannon
at Pioneer Hall yesterday afternoon. The
large room was packed, and out on the
>ides were many who were obliged to see
and hear what they could from a distance.
Over 200 people went away, having been
unable 10 get into the ball.
The ceremonies were conducted by the
JVv. W. W. Case cf the Methodist Ep:sco
f>ai Church, after which the burial service
tithe California Pioneers was lead by one
of the members. The pall-bearers were
Deputy Co. lector E. B. Jerome, Major T.
J-. Blatoney, E. B. Dinsroore, J. Lux, E.
C. Vreeland and J. B. Richmond, lung tlie
confidential cierk of Mr. Shannon. The
remains of the man who naa led such a
bnay life were laid away in the Masonic
Cemetery. It was one 01 the longest
funerals seen here for a long time.
'The ex-Congressman was to have left
for Washington, D. C, yesterday. He
and Air. Richmond had talked it all over
and that was the date set. After they had
di-cussedthe matter, however, Mr. Shan
non found he could not weJl get off till
March 1. He would miss the inaugura
tion, but he wou d visit his old mend Mr
kiniey at the White Home after it was all
over. He wa* a close mend of both Major
and Mrs. McKinlev, and he was of L>. A
McKmiey, the ex- Minister of Hawaii, who
not long since d.ed here.
■ Mucn interesting matter relative to Mr.
S-hannon is told by J. B. Richmond, who
knew him intimately during the years ol
his lif; in California and who was his
Chief cierlt when Mr. Shannon was Re
ceiver of the United States Land Office.
Mr. Richmond says the only thins: left
c>ut of ihe once iarge fortune of Mr. Shan
non -.s nis Jife insurance money.
"Mr. Shannon was a native of Pennsyl
vania and afterward lived in I.linois. 1 '
?aid Mr. Richmond. "Ha started across
rhe plains in 1849 for California during
the gold excitement. Arriving here he
went to Piuraas County und tuere started
a' uhshop. for he was & tinner by traJe.
"Eventually he sold out to his partner,
and taking another partner he engaged in
the general merchandising business. He
also engaged in mining and bought in a
large ditch.
"Abov.t this time he wa* elected a mem
beT of the Assembly from Piumas County,
und aiterward a Senator from Piumas ir.d
Sierra or Lassen. Later h? came to San j
Francisco, and from here he was elected I
to Con_re-»s. After hi? term had expired
President Lincoln dppoin:eii him Surveyor
)1 the Port here, ana he served as Collector
or four years. Then President Grant ar
ointed him Collector nt Customs, and in
ihat posinon he served eight years.
••That- was the last ofice he held till
President Harrison appointed him Re
:eivpr of the United States Land Office in
j-an Francisco. He tilled that place four
rears, and -rained the respect and friend
ship of Hi i. Even men who came to ask him
avors but could not have them granted,
yore his imnds. He was courteous to '
everybody.
"In the palmy days of mining specula
ion Mr. .Shannon accumulated a lortune
Xi, but he lost it all eventually, so
iiat when be died he had only $10,000 in
urance money, which is all his laruiiy
rill y e :.
"Two years ago, while yet at the Lick
louse, he had a partial paralytic stroke,
vhfch affected his brain a iutie; b-it he
ot over this, and his mind was as clear
a a tell. It was while attending nis ail
ns fat jer-in-law out at his house recently
bat he caught a neuralgia of the back,
nd from this followed the paralysis of
ac brain which carried him away.
"He was a close friend of Major Mc
and was aiso a friend of Mrs. Me-
CM y."
It is conceded that had he lived he
could probably have been given a good
ffice by McKinl"'.-.
HIGH-SCHOOL CYCLISTS.
First Championship Facet of the
Academic Athletic League To-Jlor
row on Velodrome Track.
The first bicycle championship ever
Held by the Academic Athletic League
will fake place to-rnorro^v afternoon at
the -Velodrome track, beginning at 2
o'clock. There will be four races, to be
run in ten beats.
Crack amateur riders from the different
•b I.^1 .^ schools are entered.
First placo is to count 5 points, second
jplace 3 points, and third place 1 point, to
the school represented. Upon this basis
the b. cycle championship of the schools
composing the Academic Athletic League
will be decided.
Following are the events and fhe men
representing the schools:
Half mile— First : Russ and Bill cf San Fran
-.Cisco Lowell lli>:h School, Agnew of Oakland
Control Hiyh school; secon.l heat: Woerner
and Bf-zio of Lowell High School, Kenna of
Oakland Central High Scuool. Goodfellow of
Aiameda University Academy
Two-thirds mile— First heat: Fuller and
roi^ehof San Francisco Lowell Higu School.
•B,ole of Oakland Central High School; second
heat: hill of Lowell Hiuh School. Goodfellow
of.Aiamedaw University Academy, Blanchard of
Central High School.
. ' One mile— First heat: Fuller und Bozioof San
Fra>c:sco Lowell liith School, Porter of Oak
• .iand California College Academy; second heat
—Cornell of Loweil High SchooJ, Agnew and
iJlanchard of Oakland Central High School.
. --Two miles— Russ and Woerner of B*n Frnn
c;co Lowell High Schoo!, Boole and Kenna of
Oakland Central High School.
" The following officials will act :
Referee, R. M. Welch; iudges— O. Ilahn,
.Rrereton «nd Kitchen; timer*— o. Stratton, H.
Irfcdenfeldt and A. Duncan; scorers — R. A.
Shoiizer. Levy tnd EL Bonifleld; clerk of the
< o.urie, E. L. Wentherhead; assistant clerk of
the course, I. Slivcrberg ; starter, Douglas
W hlte; 'announcer. John C. Hines.
Fraudulent Baltimore Label*.
\ The following letter has been received at the
San Francisco Fruit Exchange:
T. S. Taylor Esq., Secretary San Francitco Frutt
Exchange, C'iti/—ut.AH smr: Wo are in receipt 01 a
t-li U-r.ini from cur «.orrs»i>onden 8 in Baltimore:
'•'•»•« tried yesterday, \ erdic; it-day; All lour
.mid guilty.'-'
This is great, news and disposes of the entire
matter, as lar as the lower court is concerned.
Tb« defendants will be subjected either to a neavy
tine or imprisonment, or both, according to the
discretion of the court. Undoub.edly H>* case
will be appealed In order to test tne constitution
ality oi the act under wnich the convictions look
place, m name question was made of that point in
the trial court; out we are fully prepared to rivet ■
that emergence. The act la undoubtedly constitu
tional and the convictions will surely be sustained.
X.ours truly, . ... ...
Chickkkino, Thomas & Gkxgoby.
Ban Francisco, February 24, 1897. , ■ .
TO CURE A COLD I\ C»*K DAY.
Take laxative Quinine Tablets. All drug
gist* relunu me money if it laila 10 cure. -£>c
The Brig Percy Edwards Leaving Port in Tow of the Tug Ida W With Ninety-Nine Colonists
Aboard Who Are Seeking a New Home on an Island in the Southern Seas. They Are
Well Supplied With Dogs and Cats.
COLONISTS MAKE
A GOOD START
The Percy Edward Was
» Towed to Sea Yes
terday.
Every One of the Ninety-Nine
Passenarers Was Very
Hopeiul
Their Drstination h One of the Many
Islands (f the El. ice Group,
Near Fj.
The brij Percy Edward got away yes
terday morning, and there were at least
1000 people down to see her off. Not one
of the voyagers apparently had a friend in
the world, 88 there was no handshaking
and no tears when the vessei moved away
from the wharf.
Manager Reinhart was at lirsi in a bad
humor over what the newspapers had
said about the expedition. "We are on a
legitimate enterprise," said he, "and I
don't think we should be ridiculed. We
are going to Funafuti in ihe Eilice group,
and 1 am confident that we will have no
trouble in getting the permission of the
Governor of Fiji to settle there. The
place is one of the most beautiful spots in
the southern seas and can support twice
the number of men we have aboard. It is
only one of the group of islands that are
awaiting colonists, and I intend coloniz
ing them. From Fiji to the Eilice group
is only a day's run for a steamer, and I'll
bet you a new hat that inside of twelve
months we are in direct communication
with Australia and New Zealand. We are
on no wild-goose chase and are after no
'Adamless Kden.' as you boys have been
making out."
Tbe following description of the desti
nation of the adventurers i* taken from
tbe Melbourne Leader ot ia-t January :
The atoll of Funafuti was discovered by Cap
tain Peyster, in tne Rebecca, on the 18th of
March, "1819. According- to observations oi
Captain Wllkes it lies in 8 deg. 30 mln. 45 sec.
soutii, 179 de o '. 13 mln. 3U sec. tut, ■ position
which may otherwise be described as due
north of Fiji, and precisely half-way between
that and the equator.
The near-:-«! high lau'l is tbe small island oi
KotumaD, 260 miles to the southwest, but tbe
nearest land of any considerable size is Vanua
Levu, 450 miles south.
■ On Hearing Funafuti, as with any South sea
atoll, a long low llneof vegetaiktn on the i:or.
zon gives tne first intimation of the approach
to land. Looming larger the tallest palm trees
nhow their plumed heads sharp against tbe
sky. Nearer, if to windward, the dense vege
tation 1b framed by a long white line of ever
breaking surl ; to leeward a beach of sand, daz
z iiu: white in the sunshine, limits the forest.
Not till the observer has entered the lagoon
by one of the navigable channels does the
at<>ll as a whole extend before him.
Ti-.e outline of Funafuti is that of a pear, the
curved stem of which is directed southward.
Oniheeastor windward side the outline is
sketched in most firmly, the thread of rt-e: and
palm being here almost continuous; but on
the leeward side so many and so wide arc the
gaps that the interspaces of surf far exceed
those dots where the atoll rim emerges a<< dry
iand. The lagoon, a noble sheetof water about
ten miles long and eight broad, thus bounded,
is plentifully besprinkled wlih shoals, many
of which rise to the surface and "break." Its
mriximuia depth is thirty fathoms, the genera,
level oi the floor being *bout twenty, whence
it steeply rises to the beacn.
A more motley crowd surely never
started on such an expedition. The average
age was about 35, but among the ninety
and nine who went as passengers there
were men who were .well up to the tbree
score-and-ten limit and boys who had only
cast their first vote. When it came to a
rollcalt in ihe early watches of the morn
inc there was one man missing. Later on
he showed up and demanded his money
back. It was given him and the vessel
proceeded to sea. All along the front
the vessel was cheered unrt many of
the tugs and steamers saiutr-d her as she
was towea past by the Ida W. The crowd
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL. FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 26, 1897.
on bor.rd was unresponsive, however, and
the men were apparently of ihe same
mind as the man who remarked, as the
vessel moved from Main-street wharf,
"I'm — glad to get away from Cali:ornia
and I hope I'll never see San FraucUco
again."
Captain Peterson expects to make the
run to Levuka in about sixty cays. In
that eve U the hrst news from the brig, if
ail goes well, should reach here on "the
steamer that arrives in J une from Sydney,
n. aw.
Fifteen dogs and two cats formed pnrt
of the belongings of the colonists. They
sajf that later on they will get ail the cows
and borsei they want from Australiu, but
their object at the present time is to find
their land and build their homes. They
nave great hopes, but so far as could be
learned yesterday not a man among them
has ever seen the Southern Seas or has
any idea as to the dillicuities to be en
countered. They looK for a new Arcadia.
However many may suffer. Manager
Reinhart certainly wiil not. He is about
?7000 ahead on t ;e venture and as soon as
he lands his men on Funafuti he will at
once return to San Francieco for a second
batch of colonists.
YACHTS GETTING READY.
The> Opening of the Saason Is Now
Close at Hand— Water
Front Notes.
Nearly all the yachts at Tiburon are be
ing pu: in readiness for the opening of the
next racinsc season. The Clara is getting
new topsides and her mast has been cut
down four feet. The Freda is having her
masts and spars scraped and at the same
| time is getting a thorough overhauling.
I The Cisne ia on the ways ard the Rorer is
| already overhauled and is again in com
; mission. Sunday next wili see several of
I tbe boats on the bay again.
Captain McLeod of the brig Courtney
Ford has been appointed master of the
Lurline and Captain Murchison succeeds
htm on the Ford. The latter was master
of the schooner Ivy, and his brother who
was nmte under him will go out as master
of tne Ivy.
The schooner Falcon has been bought
: by C. A. Hooper &. Co., and Captain Ris-
I tine, late of the schooner Mary and Ida,
' trill go out in command.
Will Paulsen of the yacht Rambler and
JoJin Scheele of the Juanita sailed yester
day on the Umatilla en route for Alaska.
Undeterred by the failure of the thou
• ands who went to the Yukon last season,
they have decided to try their luck, and
have gone prepared to stay up there at
least two years. Thfl.v have al luast a ton
of provisions with then;, ao they won't
starve for a few months, anyhow.
The steam schooner Alliance will tow
the dismasted schooner Mabel Gray to
Eureka for repairs. The Gray was on her
way there from San Diego, when a flj.-^i
of lightning strnck the topmast head, and
traveling down a stay tore not only the
fore and main out of her, but also tha jib
boom. The schooner put in here in dii
tress and will now go to her home port to
be repaired ana overhauled.
The famous steamer Scandinavia-Sirius-
Kahului has been renamed the Cleveland
and put under tne American register. In
future she will run between here and
Fueet Sound in the coal trade.
The steam whaler Navarch will sail for
tbe Arctic next Tuesday. She will be the
first of the fleet to go north, although the
Horatio and LyJia sailed for toe southern
seas some time ago.
The British ship Genesta has been char
tered to load sugar at Hilo, H. 1., for New
York, and will come out of her retirement
in Oakland Creek to-morrow. She will
be ballasted by E«cben &, Minor and will
at once start for Hawaii. The Samantua
and Genesta are the only two British
ships that nave ever gone from San Fran
cisco to load sugar at Honolulu for the
East,
The Harbor Commissioners yesterday
accepted the resignation of Collector Casey
at Fremont street and immediately afier
ward appointed him wharfinger at Clay
street in place of W. Cooley, time ex
pired.
The Mutual Electric Light Company
has been granted the contract for a year
to supply the water front with fifty lights
at $2 75 a light, whereas tbe Edison Light
and Power Company nas been charging
$3 15. They also offered to supply the
buildings with incandescent light" at 10
cents per 10OJ watts, but the matter was
not acted upon.
Congregation lieth ivAnachim Streisand.
Rev. Dr. Hyman Samuelson, cantor of the
Congregation Emvinos Israel of New York,
will officiate in the Congregation Beth Me
nachim Streisand this evening and to-morrow
morning.
SCHOONER UNA
MAY NOW ENTER
Collector Wise Receives
Instructions From
Washington.
Some New Complications Over
the Bill of Health of the
Vessel.
Cjptain Ha:kns May Find Himsell
L able to a Fine of Five Thou
sand Dollars.
The troubles of Captain Harkins of the
American- schooner Una, who sailed hit
vessel out of the liarbor of Panama sev
eral weeks sgo without clearance papers,
nnd who was refused entry at this port
because of his lack of the proper docu
ments, are practically over, but he still
has one complication to face.
Collector Wise received a letter from
the Treasury Department yesterday in
answer to a telegram explaining the mat*
ter, statins that tne vessel might be al
lowed to enter here as though she had
her paper?. The captain's affidavit rela
tive to the reasons for his leaving Panama
so hurriedly is now on the way lo Wash
ington in company with a detailed com
munication from Collector Wise.
Thus far the ves»el is out of difficulties,
but it appears that the Consul neglected
or refused — it is uncertain which — to issue
a clean bill of health to the Una, and this
matter wi:l be the subject of further cor
respondence between ihe Collector and
the dep*r;ment.
The penalty for leaving a port of a for
eign country and enteiiiit; one within the
jurisdiciion of the United States without
me bill of health is $S(WO, ana unless Cap
tain Harkins can ahovr tuai lie had some
good excuse for leaving without the nre
cious clean til ho may be compelled to
pay the piper.
Captain Hart ins and the owners and
agents of the Una insist that i.c took the
only course left him to escape an unjust
im prison men t in a Columbian dungeon
and possible confiscation of his vessel.
He knew that efforts were being made lo
bnvehim thrown into jail on a trumped
up charge so that the freight on s cargo of
mahogany logs he had brought to Panama
from a South American port micht be
saved to its owners and he asked for his
papers from th* Araericuii Consul.
Tne latter feared to comply with the re
quest and told the skipper so, but advised
him that he was getting into a dangerous
position and had better haul up his anchor
and fly. HarKins asked for his bill of
health, but could not eret it and slipped
out of the harbor before the authorities
were aware of his intention.
Ha was chafed by a Columbian gunboat
that pottered after him for a Uay, but ne
finally got out of danger.
His cargo of logs, minus an owner, can
now be discharged here, but Captain Har
kins will have to remain in port until the
bill of ueaith matter is settled.
CUT AT A BALL
George Harrata Arrested on a Charge
of Assault IV i th a Deadly Weapon.
George Barrata, who is employed in a
Sansome-street commission-boose, was
arrested yesterday by Policeman Dwyer
on a warrant charging him with assault
with a deadly weapon.
Antcne Bacigalupi is the complaining
witness. He asserts that ha attended the
ball at Garibaldi Hall on Saturday night
last, and that during a row liarrata cut
him with a knile or razor. Barrata ap
pears to be a hard-working young fellow
and denies the charge.
H. Summerfield has united his business
interests with JI. ltotuan, corner Fifth
and Market streets.
A PROSPECT OF
EARLY RELIEF
The Finance and Execu
tive Committees Are
Busy.
The Question of Funds Alone
Prevents Work on the
Boulevard.
Serious Distress Is Still Eeing Alle
viated by tbe Unemployed
Organ izatioa.
A few technical details alone prevent the
immediate commencement of the work on
the projected boulevard to Ingleside. Chief
Engineer Schussler ot the Spring Valley
Water Works yesterday informed the
executive committee that tbe necessary
surveys of tbe company's right of way had
been completed, and that the deeds would
be ready for the City's acceptance this
morning. The grades for ex-Mayor Sutro's
right of way, however, have not yet been
prepared, but wben that is done at least
600 men can be put to work almost im
mediately, provided, of course, the dimen
sions of the relief fuud warrant such
action.
The finance committee appointed by
Chairman W. M. Bunker of the general
relief committee to devise ways and
means for the relief of the unemployed
held a busy session yesterday morning
and prepared a provisional list of district
and special committees for publication.
The members pre-ent were: A. S. Bald
win, chairman; J. C. Johnson, W. M.
Bunker, L. R. Eiler'., Louis Bloss Jr. and
tne secretary, Charles Fay.
Chairman Lefrinpwell of the unem
ployed organization interviewed tbe com
mittee prior to its regular session, but
proposed no alternative plan for its adop
tion. He merely wished to assure the
members of the real necessity at present
existing throughout iho City, and the
nred more especially of affording imme
diate relief to destitute families.
The committee then continued the work
of drafting the list of suecial and district
committees, and finally gave the follow
ing names for publication, with the un
derstanding that the list is provisional
and subject to subsequent modification if
deemed advisable:
1. East «nd Drumm streets, from Market to
the bay— E. H. Baxter, Captain Minor Goodall,
Henry Kron.
2. From tiie west side of Drumm to the east
side of Front street— Frank bu inner, Albert
Castle. A. M. Ebbets.
3. From the east side of Front street to the
east side of Sansonie street— J. C. Johnson,
Levl Straus*, Adam Grant, George K. Porter,
Isaac Upham.
4. Sautonie street.from Market street north —
Lippman Sachs, Henry J. Crocker, W. M.
Bunker.
5. Montgomery street— Cornelius O'Connor,
L R. Ellert, I. J. Truman.
6. Kearny street and Grant avenue— F.
Ma*key. A. Fusenot, M. A. Gunst, Edward Hol
land.
7. North side of Market meet from Grant
avenue to Jones— Robert McElroy, R. E. Mil.er,
J. J. Groom, James P. Dunn.
8. Mariut street, east side of Main to the
bay— John McCoid, balance unnamed.
9. From Main to t-'irst street, running south
—A. A. Waikius, John Merriil, Sauford Ben
nett.
10. From First street to Xew Montgomery
south— C. Smith, R. H. Pense, J. P. Le Count.
SPECIAL COMMITTEES.
Banks— Thomas Brown, S. G. Murphy, I. W.
Hellman Jr.
Insurance — Hugh Crais, I. Gutte, D. J.
Staples.
Produce Exchange— C. S. Laumeißter, A. Ger
berdlng, Thomus W'alkington.
Bar Ass'<ciation — W. s. (ioodfellow, Harold
Wheeler, R. H. Lloyd, W. H. Chkkemig.
Transportation— lrving M. Scott to name the
balance of his committee.
Wine ami liquor .lenlers— Percy Morgan, A.
P. Williams, A. Sbuboro.
Hotels— J.C. Kirk patrick, K. P. Soule, Charles
Montgomery.
City Hal.— Mayor Pliclan, Assessor Siebs,
Chiel of Police Crowley.
Wholesale butchers— Henry Moffatt, S. Sil
verberg, E. G. Ro lolDh.
R«al estate— A. S. Baldwin, C. W. McAfee, G.
D. Toy. O. F. yon Rhi-in.
Federal build ing!— John H. Wise, O. M. Wel
burn, W. D. English.
Theaters— A. Bouvier, S. H. Friedlander,
Walter Morosco.
Bicycles— H. P. Winn, J. M. Corwell, George
A. Adams.
It will be seen from the foregoing that
the City has been so districted a3 to facili
tate the subscription canva-s of the differ
ent committees and that the gentlemen
appointed «o act in each district are thor
oughly representative and energetic in
character. Cans bpreckels was named to
act as chairman of a committee at large,
but. as previously stated, these nomina
tions ar° not final.
Every member of the district and spe
cial committees is authorized to collect
money subscriptions, which will ail be
turned over to Daniel M« yer, the Pine
street banker, the treasarerof the unem
ployed fund.
The members of these committees are to
be individually notified of their appoint
ment at once, and it is expected that the
work of canvassing for subscriptions will
start to-day. Mr. Bunker expressed him
self yesterday as confident that as soon as
the people recognized that the relief com
mittee was in earnest they would liberally
respond to the appeal for assistance. Tne
money collected will be received by the
treasurer and paid out as occasion df
mands, and subscriptions on paper,
thonsrh they will never be rejected, will
not be viewed with the same favor as spe
cie and cheek payments.
The executive committee, in the persons
of Messrs. L. R. Ellen, 11. J. Crocker. C.
\V. McAfee. Lippraan Sachs, Hugh Craig,
William M. BunKer and Cornelius O'Con
nor, met again yesterday afternoon in the
NEW 10-DAT.
twrtr — * __ *^~- at " | riOIVJ'TT QIVE UP
/jl^^gl'* * ■■"'] WHEN YOU FIND YOUR NERVES
■i-^WLi/WiMfc^Bk. ■' getting shaky; when your ambition is
/SBT^ x ♦ nvliillu-' f... slipping away und your energy is nearly
KjjHl J*& 'jWHl^iv'iwflW // exhausted; when you lose your appetite
-Jl«^^^^^^^«V^i!l&l' iI H I aMd liave no interest in the things that
~ :^^^^^^ < %J^^lt!SL^ (I ''I I are on around you; when you have
l^Fil BWfWIBrT-W' ffif^Br "' 1 1 to resort to stimulants to steady your
ij { !' nerves; when the bright sparkle is gone
j_j :„ ijiiiiii^^WSmK^flfi^aMiil \ ■ from your eye and the elastic step gives
■■ j,,^'"," I'' 1 ■i;,V/ iBBKJB^^Ha I wav to a slow » dragging walk; when you
. J H".iilltl|lll!Jill>H ,f g^ggt-iy^fti I begin to feel old before your pnn.e, it is
' 1 1 IIIIIHIIIIIIIIIU^ITI il'/V^XS^M^^lT 1 then time lor yon to stop and look back
H ml Miiii P W- ''£%dsw7?U. *\ upon your past life. You will th-n realize
W'lilii!i!ii(^-' lj f^%^P ; ■! H i the extent of your weakne-s. When you
W"" ''I &f^^ 4lß\ recall the early follies and indiscretion?,
H},. ■ -•r»S"W '*s2Sr**^*"WJ^/^ the later excesses and dissipation or the
,», <r" * v ~*^'i J overwork ana strain that your system h:;s
K*m»"*" s a undergone; when you recall the sleepless
nights, the evil dreams, night sweat?, drains and losses that your system has sus-
tained, you will not wonder that Nature is exhausted and that you are a nervous
wreck: When you come to a full realization of your condition it "will then be time
for you to look seriously toward your future.
YOU CAN BE OUH.ED.
You need the toning and invigorating effects of a gentle current of e.ectricity to penetrate
your weakened nerves and to add strength and vigor to your weakened organs.
X>fL. JS»-A.2XraD3B»T»S rEXjIEJOTIOLXO BTiT'.ai'.....
Has a wonderful reputation for building up shattered nerves and restoring vigorous, energetic
manhood. Its magnetic touch and its vitalizing currents bring life and energy to the tired
nerves. It quickens the action of the vital organs and sends the blood bounding through the
veins. There's a touch of magnetism In the manly grasp 'of the man who has regained his
strength means of. Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt. 'Do you want to be strong and manly? Then
call and consult the Doctor and see and test this wonderful appliance If you cannot call
write for Dr. Sanden's famous book, "Three Classes of Men." It is mailed, sealed, free to any
address. It may tie the opening of & new life to you. Act to-day. Call or address
- &^.:aa"x>:E2iNr ZIIiECTRIO 00..
632 MARKET ST., OPPOSITE PALACE MOTEL, SAN FRANCISCO.
. Office hours— S A. M. to 8 P. M. ; Sundays, 10 to i. Los Angeles Office 204 South Broad-
way ; Portland. Or., 253 Washington street; Denver, Colo., 933 Sixteenth street
&oT£.— Al«&eao mistake m the number— 623 Market street.
rooms of the Chamber of Commerce, when
the boulevard scheme was at onca brought
up for discussion.
Mr. Crocker suggested ihe practicability
of extending the boulevard to the county
limits and expressed his belief that tha
peopie all along the line, whose property
would be improved by ihe work, would
readily contribute hundreds of dollars to
promote it.
Mr. O'Connor said thr.t this matter
could be taken up later. If the City
would guarantee the present right of way,
then work might be be«un at once, and
the City's acceptance was certain as soon
as the other two deeds were obtained.
Mr. Bunker said that sufficient grades to
make a street had already been fixed and
that the nocessary stakes could be set in
twenty-four hours.
Mr. Crocker moved that a committee be
appointed to make preliminary arrange
ments with respect to the deeds, tbe ap
pointment of a superintendent, etc., and
report 10 the executor. The motion car
ried, Messrs. Crocker, O'Connor and
Schussler being appointed members of
tbe committee.
During a discussion as to the possibility
of starting operations Mr. Burke said he
thought there should be at least $5000 in
the treasury before this was done.
P. Broderick, an employe of the railway
company, being invit- d to Rive the com
mittee ihe benefit of his practical experi
ence in work of this kind, advised the
hiring of men by the hour. Eight hours
a day, he considered, should be sufficient.
There should also oe some classification
of wages, if it could be satisfactorily ar
ranged. He himself was pretty well ac
quainted with the worthy residents of the
City who would be willing to work on the
boulevard, lie would be in favor of
allowing such men 20 cents an hour.
The committee, however, reiused to en
tertain such a proposal. "This is v matter
of charily and temporary relief," said Mr.
Eilert, "«nd me do not intend to pay the
uniform wages."
Mr. Bunker then advised the committee
to issue an appeal tj the public, to be
signed by every member of the different
committees and circulated throunh the
press. A permanent assistant should be
engaged to remain on the premises all the
time and give the necessary information
to the newspapers respecting subscrip
tions.
The committee adopted this suggestion
and Mr. Eilert undertook lo have the ap
peal ready for publication that evening.
Mr. Bunker, returning to t c boulevard
project, said it inisht be possible to ar
range for t lie free transportation of the
men to and from their \jork. Formerly
they had been obliged to pay car lares and
these, had considerably reduced their
wages.
Chief Engineer Schussler of the Spring
Valley Water Works arrived at this mo
ment ana informed the committee of the
completion of the surveys, and added that
the deeds would be ready this morning
and would be at once presented for tho
City's acceptance. The board of direct
ors, he said, had unanimously granted the
right of way. ■
The only difficulty now remaining was
with respect to the grade on Sutro'B rignt of
way, which had not yet been fixed. The
company's right of way, now ready, could
afford employment for 100 men only.while
Mr. Sutro'3, when the grades had i.'een de
cided, could afford employment for at
least 500.
A communication was received from the
managers 01 the Busli-street Theater ten
dering a benefit jvrfornianc- for the un
employed of "The New Si Perkins," which
will be presented next week by Sam J.
Burton ana the charming comedienne,
Lillie Colbinan. This was acknowledged
with thank-.
The committee adjourned to meet again
at 3 o'clock tliis and every other afternoon
until otherwise ordered.
The family relief committee of the un
employed orcanization has now no less
than sixty-one urgent cases on its books.
Vl'he commissariat wagon was out again
yesterday drawn by human hands, and,
among other contributions, received
twenty sacks of coke, which will prove
very acceptable when the weather is cold.
This department of the organisation's
activity is now wonderfully woll systema-
Vz d. Before the wagon is sent round
during the day members of the soliciting
committee visit various likely plac s and
record ttie promise-* received ot donations
in kind. They afterward present their
report to the secre ary, who in turn
lurnishes the teamsters with a list cf
name", and in this way the work of col
lection is simplified und expedited.
The stock of provisions on hand yester
day was said to be sufficient for another
day, though unexpected appeals for out- j
sidi* assistance might deplete it consider- |
ably in i.ne meantime. The commissariat j
department also includes a email store of
cast-off clothing anil old shoes, which is
replenished ana exhausted nearly every
day. Incidentally it may be stated that
the boots have given riso to some little
friction, which has resulted in the sum
mary expulsion of about twenty-five men.
These comprised the very laziest mem
bers of itie organization, who refused to
do a "tap" of work and yet expected to
receive all the benefits ar*cru.n<_' to mem
bers in good t.tandins. When their appli
cation lor footwear w-as refused, on the
ground tbat necessity must first be
served, they proceeded to conspire against I
the body politic, and were therefore eject
ed, "to prey at fortune."
President LemngweH states that nego
tiations are at present pending which
may eventually lean to the employment
of 300 men on a mining proposition at
good wages. At the moment, i.owever,
he was not prepared to give further par
ticulars. "I think I can put it through,"
he said, "and if successful, it will greatly
relieve the situation here in the City. I
saw Air. Ellert this morning and he inti
mated that the executive committee was
considering a dollar a Uay proposition. I
opposed it on the ground that such wages,
though they might keep body and soul to
gether, were no guarantee for the future."
Four hundred and fifty men are daily
fed on the premises, ami the ingenuity of
Louis Hartel. the German chef, is con
tinually taxed in order to satisfy so many
hungry mouths. Often enough they have
to be satisfied with one meal a day, though
two are always provided when the stock
on hand permits.
Mayor Pheian, who was the first to re
spond to the appeal for assistance, yester
day contriDuted another $250 to the gen
eral relief committee's iunu, of which
Daniel Meyer, 21G Pine street, is the treas
urer.
kxw TO-DAT.
IsTbaH
OFFERING
OF
m waists
To favorably introduce our
MAGNIFICENT NEW ' SPRING
STOCK OF LADIES' WAISTS
we select four of the most at-
tractive and popular lines and
place them on sale at
SPECIAL PRICES TO-DAY!
• 4
m(\ r — LADIES' LAUNDERED SHIRT
01/Ls WAISTS, "Stanley" make, de-
tachable collars, assorted patterns,
will be offered at 50c each.
7C r -LADIES' LAUNDERED SHIRT
y»^L. WAISTS, detachable collars,
latest style sleeve, in percale and
lawn, will be offered at 73c each.
Ci fIfi— LADIES' FANCY DIMITY
•P I.UU AND LAWN WAISTS, in fig-
ured and strip d patterns,
regular price $1 25, will be of-
fered at $1 each.
-. ,- - - ...\ .-. "■■
<C| C A— LADIES' FIGURED LAWN
4>1.0U AND DIMITY WAISTS,
• "Stanley" make, very stylish,
regular price $1 75. will ba of-
fered at $1 50 each.
C A r — LADIES' . MUSLIN GOWNS,
OUC- lined back, yoke of tucks and in-
sertion, will be offered at 50c each.
Iff If Murphy Building, / .
Hidliol mill Joiss Mi
2
I Shoe CO. No. 10 Third St,
M STAMPED ON A SHOE MEANS STANDARD OF MERIT
ROBBY, |T| |
STYLISH. f :^S, ▼
OJLY $2.0,1 1^ 5^^^
WILL STAND THE TEST.
Our competitors often claim that they
sell as cood shoes for the monur as we do.
Don't take their word for it. or ours either.
But judge for yourself, compare our shoes
and prices with others before purchasing.
( We Know what trie result will be. Our
Shoes will Mauri the test, and that
Is how we, have built up our repntatlon. {
Special for this week : Ladies' Extra Vine
Via Kid .Button Shoes. Cloth or KIJ Tops,
J Kazor or -.Medium Square Toes and V-
ftbaped Patent Leatner 'lira, . Circular
Vamps and Heel Foxing, Flexible Soles,
Reversed Button Files. Keduced daring
this sale to 82. 00. This lino is complete,
new, nobby - and stylish. Why buy odds
and ends elsewhere when you can buy
I such a bargain here for less money?
XT Country orders solicited
43" Send for New lllus;raiei Catalogue
< Address
B. KATCHINSKI,
| PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO.,
10 Third St.. San Francisco.
I J
i| Dr. Martin's |
! HI PHI CIS I
Of the Age |
A preventive and care for Rheu- < '?
inatism. Neuralgia, Pains in Gen- <,S
oral, Dyspepsia, Sore Throat, ,7
Pneumonia, Nervous, Liver and «
Kidney Complaints, Backache, \\
Burns, Swellings, Colds, Coughs. Vf
1 1 - Colic, Cramps, Sprains, Bruises, 1?
Ji Wounds, Indigestion, Skin' Dis- \\
I 1 eases, .Excessive Itching and S)
<| many other complaints. ■ CC
? Price: 25c, 50c, $1 Per Bottle. 55
!> L. CALLISCH, Wholesale Agent for >>
> the Pacific Coast, San Jose, CaL S)
\ For sale by ail druggists. The trade //
( supplied by Redingtcn & Co., Mack & ((
I Co. and Langle y <fe Michaels, San Fran- /(
g Cisco. g
L. A. B«rteiln;. I'rej. H. Xordman. Vice-Pres,
A. W. Kirk. Sea Jos. 2>ordman, Treat
(Formerly 427 Rear ny St.)
HAS REMOVED TO—
16 KEARNY STREET
910
THE COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SIMMAKV OF THE MAKKJSTs
Wheat quiet. Barley lower.
Oats. Corn arid Rye anil.
Middlings lower. Hay weak.
1 eons sieadjl3- hfld.
Unions lower. I'oatoes unchanged.
Vege:ab c* about the same.
Butter and Cheese weak.
No further decline In Kggs.
Poultry about the same.
Heceipts cf Game meager. ™
Crau berries a' out out.
Apple* a:id ( rantt s steady.
No change in .Dried Fruit.
Provis ous quiet.
Trade :ui;>rov;ng l:i tbe East.
THE OUTLOOK BRIGHTENING.
All Branches of Trad© Improving in
the Ernst.
The circular of Henry Clewi, under date of Sew
York, February 20. draws tbe following roiy pic
ture of trace conditions then-:
Domestic conditions retain the symptoms of re
covery which I lately noted as having »et in, and
theie can now be no que-tion that the general
business of the country is at least steadily drifting
into a healthy activity. The tonnage return* of
the railroads, eastward and wes ward, show a very
satisfactory increase, and the same tendency ap
pears in current reports of railroad earnings
which contrast favorably with tbosoo! January.
Wiih trifling exceptions rates of freight are stable,
which, totether with the exiremely low prices of
railroad supplies, should lw favorable to the Let
earnings.
The merchandise markets show a very marked
Improvement. The < ommercial hotels are full of
bu.tenfiom all sections of the country and it is
doubtful i* the inierior trade was ever b -fore so
folly represented in this city. Within the last nine
cnys no le-s than IHUO dry -jcoods buyers airiv«d
her., i In- wooieri -goods tra-Je shows a distinct
ri covery and nmls that have oeen closed for
ir.or.ths are resuming work. A similar recovery Is
apparent in nearly all other kinds of merchandis?.
Th" interior .buyers are discriminating and care
ful, but the aggregate of their purchases i-» making
:i satisfactory Impretalon upon stocks of goods.
There are nownere any Indication!* of a specu atlve
i-.cmand for merchandise, but a fair, conservative
buslnen is realized in the trades generally and
prices are steady.
Tlie b.-eakinK'np of the Steel Rails Association
• has re^n tiii in sales variously estimated «t from
1 0,(1 000 to 1.100,000 tons, the price having set
wa to $18 to 920. according to location of
niuriiet. The • elease of the rail market will set in
o; eration n larre amount of business w hch has
for mm ■•• moothi. Iromthewin
ur uh'.a: sections the accounts nre s: i 11 favorable,
the tliiCK snow banket having preseived the
plant iv good condition mil the prospects being
almost uniformly hopeful for the crop.
The foie.gn trade movement still runs largely in
our favor. The gain in exports is naturally heijin
nine .0 tiha'p. and th • li?ure» for January show pd
increase over la.si via.- of $7,1 00.000. while for
the previous quar>i>r ;he gain had i.ve raged over
?_ ... OUO.OUO per niooih. Rut the imports tor Jan
uary :-!:ow a rmich larser rste of decrease than
previously, the laii nc • B t>pu,p *1ti.9u0,000, while
lor 1 lie m n hs of December, November «nil Octo
ber the iieiTf-:ii»- averaged only $1 a. 500.000. The
)ner< himdisi- iini o ts for last month amounted to
953.200.0ii0, while the exports were Vxhu-d at
"000. wlm h (hows a balance in our favor,
on the inerchandi->e account, uniountlntr to $45.
--800.000. For the same month in 1896. the credi
tor Laliince was 5L'2. 500,000.
These figures show thai we cun safely postpone
expectations Ol cod exports; lor in addition to
this oa a' co of 45.8 millions for January we must
reckon the larco sum of export bills still held
here, but wblch will now soon matur>. These
balaiict's will much more than cover the interest
1 ayah:.- abroad at the beginning of March. We
aie evident y now entering on a period In which
the late large creditor balance between imports
and exports will b- modified, and we may expect
tv sci- increases in the imports and decreases In
the exports; but. in the meantime, it would seem
that Europe mus be owing la gely to the United
Mates on the balance of past tr. mi sections, includ
ing financial as well as commercial.
Explanation.
. * The arrow flies with the wind. The top figures
ft station indicate maximum temperature for tb«
ays: those underneath It. If any, the amount of
rainfall, of melted snow In inches and bundredtbs.
Curing the past twelve hours. Isobars, or solid
lines, connect po!n s of equal air pressure; Iso
therms, or dotted lines, equal temperature. The
word "hieri" moans high barometric pressure and
Is usually accompanied by fair weather: "low"
refers to low pressure, and Is usually preceded
and accompanied by c!oudv weather and rains.
"I-ows" us ally Urn appear on the Washington
roast. When the pressure is high in the interior
and low along the cons:, and the Isobars extend
north and south alone the coast, rain Is probable:
but when the. "low Is Inclosed with Isobars of
. marked curvature, rain south of Oregon Is improb
able. With a "high" in the vicinity of Idaho, and
the pressure falling to the California coast, warmer
weather may be expected In summer and colder
Weather In winter. The reverse of these conditions
«fUi *»oduce anwpposlte result.
WEATHER BCI'KAU REPORT.
United States Department or Agricul
ture. Weather Bureau, >ax Francisco. Feb.
25. 1897, sp. m Weather conditions and general
forecasts:
The loliowlng are the seasonal rainfalls to date
as compare! with trios- of the same da c last sea
son and rainfall during the past 24 hours:
hureka this season , last season 24.89. past
24 hours .0U; Bed Bluff £0.58. last season 13.83,
past 24 hours. CO; San Francisco 17.77, last sea
son 12.43, past 24 hours .00: -Fresno 3.33. last sea
son 4.09. past 24 hours. oo; Pan Luis Oblspo 17.13,
last season 12.25, past 24 hours .00;. Los Angeles
14.33, last season 6.91, past 24 hours .00: San
Diego 9.32, last settson 4.44, past 24 hours .00;
Yuma 4.72. last season .46. pan 24 hours .00. |
Mia Francisco data— Maximum temperature 66,
minimum 46. mean 56.
'I he prfssurs Is lushest this evening over the
i)akota.i and lowest along the Mexican border. It
Is fnllin rapidly along the I'.icific Coast. Fair,
clear nca h»-r still continues In ail sections west of
the Kccky Mountains.
Forecait made at San Francisco for 33 hours,
ending at mldn cht. February 20, 1897.
Northern California— F Ir Friday;' warmer a*.
Fresno; lr.ht, generally nor.berly winds.
• Southern California— Fair Friday; light north
erly to westerly winds.
, Ne.vnda-Falr Friday.
, Utah— Fair J-'ridar.
Arlzonn — Fair: warmer Friday.
San Francljco.and vicinity— Fair Friday; fresh
northerly to westerly wind*.
W. H. I!ammo.v, Forecast Official.
NEW YORK JI.iKKKTS.
Financial.
NEW YORK. V. • V., .Feb. 25.— There was no
relief to-day from the Insufferable dullnen that
has characterized the stock market for some time.
The total transactions were only 88,i27 shares
and a number of stocks were practically neglected.
There was an iridist oslti 11 to trade on all sides,
even when it was announced that the Senate had
voted In :r.vor of taking up the San nily resolu
tion business remained dull and stupid, although
the bears succeeded in bringing about a generally
lower ran-^e of prices. j Speculation at the opening
.was talriy firm in sympathy wi.h the receipt of
slightly higher quotations fiom London and ihe
FINANCIAL.
CHICAGO GRAIN, PROVISIONS
AND NEW YORK STOCKS.
WHEELOCK & CO.,
4 Leldesdcrff St., Tel. Main 1954*
CESTBA V OFFICB
C2!s Uarkn St., Palace Hotel. Pur ly A Atkinson.
Managers- ° Tel. 'Main 6144.
Vptonn Office— Baldwin Hotel (adjoining Grill
Room). Tel. Main 1 >'Jl.
j PURDY. ATKINSON & CLAPP, Managers.
Orders instantly executed on latest market qa»
rv ™ l0 »»s. K«i«rfcuce lit National Bank. h. 1".
leading shares Improved % to % per cent. Buy
ing orders were limited, however, and as soon as
the traders saw that the big operators were taking
lii.le Interest In the course of the market they •as*
no time in getting out.
A mid stir was created by the announcement
thm a recsiver had been pointed for the Colum
bus. HocKlng Valley and Toledo road, and es
pecially as to the stock, which declined 2 and the
consolidated rives l^i per ceni: but the consoli
dated fives and eixes subsequently advanced '• (fl<
6y 3 per cent on we.l-autneir.iraied'reports that th«
road will be reorcanlz-d by J. P. Morgan 0 Co.
ani that that firm will probably offer to advance
1i25 a oond on the 6 per cent* deposited with them
pending the preparation of a plan for the'rehabili
tation or the property. After the action of the
semi i- on the -aiiK.iiliy matter became known the
b in were more aggressive, and a decline of Vl to
13/« per cent ensued, the market closing at about
the lowest point.
Among the (nth-price 1 issues Omaha preferred
advanced 2, while Consolidated Has «nd .New
York and New Haven declined K3IV2 i' tr cent.
The weakest stocks In the late tia.isartions were
Sugar, Manhattan.'Jersey Central, nraugers and
su.ar figured for 17.800, Hocking Val.ey 10,600.
Burlington and Qulncy 85C0, >t. I'au 6500, 1o
»>.->cco 1 900, Leath r preferred 3600 and Kiading
3500 shares. No other stock was traded in to the
extent of 3000 shares. Net changes showed de
clines of i/ 8 10 V* Sugar and Jersey Central lead
inc. Hacking w.4» au exception, and closed I^B
lower on ihe day.
Tn- feature of the trading in bonds to-day was
theatre gth of the Hocking Vali«-y issues. The
consol fives made a decline in the early part
Of the session, advanced and dosed 3Uj per cent
higher at l~y% and the general slxe< rose to 55 1 /* i
Brooklyn Elevated fir us rose 1 to 721/^: Denver
and Rio Grande fives 1 to 81: Kins;s coun.y i-^lc
va.ed firsts, 1 to 47: 1 ong Islani Ferry four and
one-halfs, 4 to 89: Ohio and .Misitisippl, Spring
field division, sevens. 3 to 101 an.i West and North
Carolina first conso.ida-.ed sixes. i/ to 13. Atchi
son adjustment lours fell \ 3 to 46' ™: International
an 1 threat Nor.bern second-, 1 i 079; Peoria and
i- astern consollaaud f urs, l^to 73: Rock Is and
coupon firsts, 1 to 129: St. Paul, ■ Chicago and
Missouri Iver lives, Ito 10J and Western New
Yor~ and ;1 enusylvania general fours to 48%.
In Government bonds $104,00» coupon tours of
1925 so dat 122^@1226 . The total sales of rail
way and miscellantous bonds were $1,330,000.
Grain.
FLOUR — Quiet, easy. Winter wheat, low
trades, $2 30(44 30: fair 'to fancy, $3 45@
4 50; do patents, $4 601315; Minnesota clear,
$3 5U($3 95: do straights, #4 25 @4 85; do patents,
$4 10($4 85; low extras. »2 30(g,3 30; City Mills.
$4(<v4 90: do patents, $4 80@5u6: Kye mixture,
$2 «.iO<s3 50: superfine, $2@2 80; fine, $1 60J6-' Ss,
Southern flour, dull. easy. Common to extra,
$3 20@3 50: good to choice. $3 60@4.
Rye Hour, quiet. e..sy, at $2 50(0,2 85.
CUKNMKAL— DuII, steady. Yellow, $175^1 85.
RYE— Dull, steady. Western. 37V4©37Vj c. I. f.
Buffalo: 41 c. 1. f. New York.
HA Hl.fcY— Lull. Feeding, 2«i^c c 1. 1 Buffalo.
WHEAT— Spot market more active for export,
firm: f. 0. b. 80i.4<&89Vfcc: ungraded re.l, 74(g,'J0c;
No. j Northern, e&Vic.
Options declined i /s (jz v' c on easier cables, fair
foreign selling, wean. we<t and local realizing;
.rallied %@is/gc on late strength west and local
coverln , clcs ug firm at s/a^^c over yesterday
with trading more active. Aiay and July most
active. . o. 2 red tebrtiary. S.Vic; March. Sl^c;
April, 8034 c; May, BU3'sc; June, KOc; Juiy,
7t3i.ic: Severn b-r, 761/8 C
CU it Spots dull, firmer. No. 2, 29c elevator;
30c afioat.
Options dull and closed firm at ' 8 c advance,
with the west and lollowlng the \ves>. May and
july only traded in. February. 29c; May. 29% c:
jiu y, ala
OATS— spots dull, stead y. Options dull, firm.
February, -l'^c; May. 21 Vie. bpot prices: No. 2,
21i/jc; So. V white, ZoVfcc: -i* 10 ' 2 Chicago, 22»£c;
No. 3, 20i/ s c; No. 3 white, 22c; Uiixea Western,
aOyt»c; wnitodo, 23@30c
Provisions.
LARD— Qu et; firm. Western steam, 94 25; city,
$3 85; May, 94 37, nominal. Refined, dull ; Con
tinent, $4 45, south American, $4 65; compound,
4@4V-jC
fO..K— Steady; moderately active. New mess.
$8 25<fl>8 75.
HVTTKi.- Fancy, stfaly; moderate demand.
Western creamery, l^fgilSc; factory, 7@l3c; 1..
--gins, 19c: imitation creamery. 1i(0,15i -c; rolls, 8
@13&
CHEESE— Firm: fairly active. Part skims, 5@
9%c; lull skims. 3@3Vsc.
i-.i;u»— Moderate ueniaud. Icehouse, case, $2 20
@3 50: limed, 1 3c,
tali OW— Firm; moderate demand. City.Sijjc;
country. ei^^tji'ac.
COTTON OlL— Quiet: firm.. Crude, 20®
20Vfec: yellow prime. 23^3^40.
RICE— Good demand; firm. Domestic, 3%©6 c;
Japan, 41/2 C
MoLA&oES— Steady; active. New Orleans, 18
(9,30 c.
COFFEE— Steady; 10@15 points up. March.
$9 15; April. «9 16: May, «9 15@9 20; June,
$9 -0; August, $9 30. Spot Rio, dull; s.eady ; No.
7. 9%c
SI GAR— Easier; quiet. Off A, 3 16-16©4 l-16c
t> &>; mold A, 4y d c. standard A. 43/ 8 c; connect on
ers' A, 41,4 c: cut loaf, sc; crushed, &c; powdered,
4 6 a c : granulated, 43/ 8 c; cubes, 45 s c
1 ruit and Produce.
APRICOTS— Bags. 9@llc.
11 Ai'llhs- l'eeie.t, ooxes 1. \ |>@15c; unpeeled,
bags 8 ©9c.
I'RUNES-Four sizes, 4* 4 a
RAISINS— crown L. M., 414 c; three
crown, SViC: four crown, 8(S8 Vie: Nation layers,
SI 35<jjl ••: clusters. $1 4O@l 70.
A MONDS— Soft shell. 7%@9c: paper shell,
io<ai2c.
WALNUTS— Standard, 7c; do soft shell, 9c.
HOI'S— Moderate demand. Pacific Coast. s(£Kic
WOOL — Moderately active. Firm. Domestic
fleece, 15fe-'3e; pulled, lfc@l!lc; Texas, 7@l-c
Merchandise.
J IR lßON— Moderately active- American, 911
@12 50.
COPPER— Firm. Lake. $12.
i_KAD-Firm. Domestic. •3 30@3 35.
UN— Firm. fctralts, 813 55013 65; plates,
moderate demand.
&l'tLltK-Qu:et. Domestic. *4@4 10.
CHICAGO MAKKKTS.
CHICAGO, 111.. Feb 25 —The news on wheat
this morning was greatly to the advantage of the
bears, but prices did not break as badly a* It was
anticipated they would. The Cincinnati Price
Current reported the growing wheat in good con
dition and claimed that the unmarKeted supplies
were larger than has been believed. The quota
tions on English consols were higher and those on
wheat at Liverpool were :d lower In addition to
these bearish factors, a dispatch from New York
giving a sensational condition of the relations be
tween Spain and the Uuitea .States produced a
feeling of apprehension.
Notwithstanding the array of discouraging;
Items, however, wheat oi>ened but 3g c to Vi e
lower than yesterday's close, and afler u-clinnn: a
fraction rallied. "-^hons' 1 were goo 4 buyers and
several scalpers were endeavoring 10 turn tbi sen
timent in a bullish direction. Kecelpts at Chicago
were thirteen cars, and 144,992 bushels were with
drawn from sture. The .-orthwest, had 198 cars,
against 182 last Thursday ana 465 a year ago.
Closing continental cables were all I o«vr. Ex
port clearances were light at 206,700 bu shell.
Later In the session St. Louis sent numerous crop
damage reports ana also bought wbea . I'rlce.H
then became stronger and advanced sharply.
Ihe close was at aboiu the best ll; urea of the
day. May wheat opened from 73%3 to 73y*c,
sold between 73% and 748/g. closing at 73%@
7 /BC, s;c higher man yes. errtay. Kstlmated re
ceipts lor to-morrow 12 car*. No. 2 spot red
wheat r.inced from B'JS/sC to 84V.C, cosine at
about 84 V*@S4B/ic.
' <.OKN— 'lhere was good buying of May corn by
a large concern, and of September by a prominent
commission-house, these purchases holding th"
market in a very firm position during the mom-
Ing. i The opening was rather easy In coniplune.it
to tbe weakness of wheat at the start, but the frac
tional depreciation winch then took place was not
enduring. Liverpool cab wfre lyfcd lower. Re
ceipts were light at ISI cars, and 1: 6.166 bushels
were withdrawn from sort-. The Cincinnati Price
Current reported thai the unmarketable supply of
corn is not under 1,3.MJ.0U0,Ub0 busba.s. The
bulge in wlica* near the en of the session served
10 harden corn. Exports were liberal at 533,1
buahcis. May corn opene 1 at 241 ' s c, advanced to
W-lSg'-, closi:i- at 24i/4fS«iJ43/ B e, a ontde over yes- j
it-iuay. Estimated receipts 101 to-morrow, 175 ;
cars.
OATS— The oat market was In an absolutely
stagnant state. A few scalping operations were
an that look place. No outride orders were re
ceived. Keceipti were 179 cars. There were no
withdrawals from store. The condition of the
market depended altogether on the strength or
weakneis in tie surroundings. Export • clear
ances were insignificant. May. oats cosed y 8 c
lower. Estimated receipts for to-morrow V.US
cars.
. FLAX— Was firm. Cash No. 1, 75c; Northwest- I
em. 77c; May, 783,4 c: July, 78% c; September,
7934Q8J& heccip & were 21 cars. ■
1-iwuVl- IONS— The provision market started In
with fair a ilvlty and a firm tone, but the busin ■»»
on hand was soon transacted and no fresh orders
were recei • Prices soon began to sag and the
early advance was lost. The hog marke: w».i
higher, wiiich accounted for the opening hard
ness. May pork closed. 2%c higher, May la.d a
shade lower and May rib* a aha ie higher.
1-.1 TTKR— I he f-ellng In Hie butter market con
tinued unsteady, yet prices were sustained. Ihe
supply was liberal and the demand for anything
cxc v pi fancy was slow.
Creameries— h xtras. 18c: firsts. ie@l7o: sec
onds, 14{jaj5c; Imitations, fancy, iS<si4c. Dairies
—Extras, ltic: firsts. l-iitl&c: seconds. 9tfloc.
Laalea— Extras, ll(&l^c; lusts, bi/fcwiyyyc: put-king
»tock, 8c; trrease. 2%@Sc; roll butter, lU<#loy 2 c.
EOO> — The receipts were large and the demand
was s'.ow. An easier feeling prevailed, Fresh
stock, 16% c dot
MONK* — Was 4Va@S^ on call and 6% on time
loans. New York exchange sold at 60c discount.
Closing Prices.
WJIK AT— February, 73»/ c: May, 74»4@74% c .
July, 7L@7-2Vfec. " w •" '
Co'bK— February, 223/^2 2y 8 c; May, 24iAia
24S /g c; July. 258/ B e. '***
UATb— February. 16% c; May. 17Vie; July,
18Vsc
luKK-llay. «8 02%: July, S8 15.
.LAKD-Uay. S4 10: lv y. *4 17%.
Rliib— May, *4 16; July. $4 20%. '
Livestock.
UNION STOCKYARDS, Ili,. Feb. 25.— Thus
far this week about 42,000 heed of rattle have
been received here, agclnit 45.131. for the same
portion of last week and 39.98* tor the correspond
ing period a year aro. There win tn advance of 6
to 10c In some causa, I'rtces of hogs continue
to rise, and - there was a further advance of 5c per
10. pounds te-day. Abcut 134,000 hogs have
reach here so lar this v eek. us compered with
144,2170 for the like ' portion of U«t weeic. 129,171
a year ago and 141,4 tJ two .v em a ago 1 ess an
4t>,000 sheep have been received tills week, agmnst
61,298 for toe coi respond! pan of last week and
' • nfltinir> ■! mi»mni urn n n n ■
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 26, 1897,
I 66,731 a year ago. The marset was active and
price* were steady. .....'
CAT! Receipts. 9,000. . Fancy beeves, $5 16
©5 35; choice to prime steers, S3 Bi'«s 10; good
to . .■!■■•«• steers. $4 40(8)4 75; medium steers.
$4 05fa>135: fair beef steers 83 SO® i 00: com
mon beef steers. $3 «o@3 75: good to prime sto le
ers an I f eJer«. 93 m<@l 15: common to good
do. 93 0004 85: bulls, fair to < noice, $2 62
@)2 75: do poor to choice, $ I 35@3 60; cows and
heifers, choice to prime, $: 70@110: cows, fair
to choice, *2 R5@M 6j; do common to fair runners,
si 75(282 60: calves, coed to fancy, 95 75@S '25:
do common to good, (1 - ■'ftt'> 50: '1 exas led steers,
fair to choice, 93 sOts4 25: Texas cows, bulls and
oxen, 92 -f>®.i 60; milkers ana springers, per
head, $JS@SO.
HuGS-Kecelpts, 27.C0". Heavy packing and
shipping lot*. $3 45263 07 V«: common to choice
mixed. S3 60f?x>3 7u: cnoice assorted. 98 65®
3 75: light. 9.« Ss(c» i 75: pigs. S3 30(«» 75.
SHKKP— Receipts. 11.000. Inferior to choice,
12 50(3,4 £5; lambs. S3 !)O!i85.
Receipts at Kii'H m City.
*T»NPA« f'ITY. >!.>.. Feb. 26 -CATTLE—
Receipts, 3683. Market steady. Native dressed
beef (trades, $4@4 75 cows ana belters, $2 40©
3 30; s.oikers and feeders. $3 4004 IS; Texas ana
Western, (2 7C©3 25: bulls, 92 25@2 40: calves,
M4M3.
nous— Receipt". 914': market 6@7y 2 c higher.
Light. 93 35@3 45; medium, 93 32%@3 50:
heavy. 93 45(03 75; pins. 9-' 15@3 30.
fctitKr— Receipts. 3395. Market steady.
NEW YORJC STOCKS.
Bonds. Exchange, Mousy and Railroad
Shared.
Money on call easy at IW<Z-X: last loan I^%.
and closing offered at IVS>%- Prime mercantile pa
per 3%. Bar silver, 641,4. Mexican dollars, 61 \ % c.
tuning exchange Is firm, with actual business in
bankers' bills at 94 85i/4@4 85 Vj for 60 days and
*4 87@4 8714 for demand. Potted rates, «4 Bbia,
4 Bd. commercial bi.ls, 94 83v*04 84V~. Govern
ment bonds strong: Mate bonds dull; railroad
bonds Irregular, Miver at the boa.d was neglected.
CK.hINO STOCKS.
jAm Tel * cable... 85 i North American... 4Vi
! Atchlson 14y Northern Pactflo.. 141/4
Preferred '-"-'% Preferred s " s /*
i Adams Express.. .148 Northwestern. 104
Alton, Terre Haute 66 , Preferred 16SJ£
American ExnrMslloV*» N V Central »2i /a
American lobacco 74 NY.CliicaguA.siL 11
Preferred 102 Ist preferred 70
Bay fctate Gas HVs Ski preferred. 23
Baltimore & Ohio.. 15 Vi N V & N H....i...173
Brunswick Lands. s, 8 N V <t New Eng... 37
Buffalo, Roch <t P. l«»ijN V. Busq <fc W.... S*A
Canada Pacific 54 j Preferred 24V*
Canada Southern.. * Ontario 10*
Can Land &0i< B] Ontario & Western l4«/a
Central Partite I 04 * Oregon liuprovmnt—
ches A Ohio 16% Preferred.... —
Chicago Alton 163 Oregon Navigation 14
Preferred 172 Oreicon Short Line. 14
Chicaso, B A Q.... 74% pacific Mall 24%
Chicago & X 1U.... «'-' jl'eona. l> & Kvans
Preferred 95 Plttabur? & W pfd. 15
i Chicago Gas . . 7.V' Pullman Palace.... 156
Clev*«fe Plttsoure. Quicksilver 1
I Consolidation Coal. 34 Preferred 12
' Consolidated Uw.. 150 Reading 34y 8
| CCC& stLouu... -'■'>■% KioCirande<£Westn 13
Preferred . ... 7& I 1 referred 38V.;
; Colo Fuel & Ire.i.. M' /i Rock- Inland 66V4
Preferred . ... 90 ItoineWautOnden.ll'i '4
I Cotton O I Cert.... 11 St L <$: * W 3%
! Commercial Cable. ltO | Preferred 10
Del Hudson )06M;MPaul 7.. i,
Del Lack&Westrn. 16b V41 Preferred i-*'JVa
Denver R G 10% st Paul & Dulnta.. 18
Preferred 403, 4 ! Preferred 85
1 Distillers St Paul & Omaha.. 4»Va
; General Electric... 84y 8 ' Preferred 1.1 i»
i trie 14 st f3l& ii 116
Preferred 33 silver Certificates. 64*4
! Fort Wayne 1«M Southern Pacific. 14Vi
, Great Northern Df<ll2o Southern R X...... 8%
1 Green Lay | Preferred a"V»
Harlem. 5193 Sugar Refinery.. ..lMi/s
I Hocking Coal- 4 ; Preferred 102 Mi
I Hocking Valley... 3 3 /4 Ten Coal & Iron.. -5" 8
Homestake 3J Preferred fcO
IH A Texan Central Texas Pacific ... 9
; Illinois Central 9-' 1 01 A A A N Mich.
1 lowa Central. ti!» 10l Ohio & Central 15
Preferred 24^,1 Preferred 60
Kansas A Texas... 1 131oi bi Louis <fc X 0 OVj.
Preferred 2» Preferred IBMI
Klncston A Perm.. 3 Union Pacific C"h
Lake Erie A Westn 16 l T P Den AGulf.... .V*
Preferred 6b s ,i U 8 Cordage. —
; Lake Uhore 16t*i Preferred — -
! National Lead TJ'-'.t Guaranteed
Preferred Hh'.-ll" S Kxpress 35
Loniclslanl 46 Leather. 7 a A
Louisville A Nash. 49 I Preferred 67
Louisville. N Atony V* 'US Rubber '-'0
Preferred Hi Preferred 72
I Manhattan C0n.... 87i a jrnca Als River. ..lso
Memphis A Charts 16 |\Vab bL & Pacidc, 6 /a
Mexican Central... 8 I Preferred la^s
iiicblpan Central.. BaVa Wells-i-arsta 89^
Minn A S L , Western Union.... &2J#
Preferred ! Wisconsin Central. IVi
Minn ASt L com.. 18 I Wheeling A L X... 13/ 8
Ist preferred 77 j Preferred OU
2dl>ref erred 44 Ato Co; ton Oil pfd. 63 1£
1 Missouri Pacific... 2UV4W U Beef «V 4
Mobile A Ohio 20 ! Ann Arbor 9
Nashville A Chart. B7Vj Preferred 24
National Linseed., 12 Brooklyn Traction. 2OVs
I N J Central 951/8 Krie 'M pfd. IBVs
Norfolk «t Westrn. 1 lVa! American Splrlu.. 13»/ 4
*Tfc!errea lev*, Preferred - 31V*
CX.OSI2CS EON-DS.
Ala Class A ««..... 104 Northern Pac lsts.H6V%
Do Class B 4, 104 Do2d* 66V«
Alabama, class C. b8 Do Sis. 88
I Atchison 4s &lVs Doconsolsa
Do2dsA 47 Or lmprovmnt Is- 8 1 ?
: Canada South Sils.lo7* \ ■Do 6s . . 18
Cen Pac lsts of'9s. lOßAN'istii 113
Cherokee 4s. lblttS. Doconnol 5s ..
D01b97..... 103 Or Short Line f15.. .117%
DOIB9K 104 I DoconsolAs 76V4
Do 1899 104 Pacific 6s of '97 ..
i Ches&Ohlo 65....110V4 PhllaA Reading 4s 81
! Ch&NPTr Rets 42 Do Ist pfd In com. 43Vi
DC3-655. 109 R Grande West lsti 73
Den A R G Ist 111% St L<£lronMtUen6s 76
Do«s H»i/4St 1. AsFGen Us..lll s /i
Erl"» 2ds 67i/ 8 St Paul Consols ... 131 V»
FtWADenClty lsts 6>^^tPCA Pa 15ta. .117
j UH4SA 03 104 . Ho Carolina 4 Vis... 105
Do2d t-6 IBonthern it Ros... 89 /4
Gen Kleo Deb 65... 05 W Do Pac Cal lsu.. 107 V*
11 A Tex Cent 65... 109 Term new 3s 80
Do con 6s. 102% Texas Pac lsts 90
lowa Central 95 Texas Pao 2ds. . 21 V a
Kansas Pa Consols 76 Union Pac lsts 96.104*/*
' KsPalstsDenDlvlie^ U a 4sreg of 1925. 122 Vi
! La Con sol 45..' 96 I Do 4s, coupon.. . 122%
Missouri funding... ID B4« reg of 1907.111 « i
MX T 2ds. 69^'s | Do 4 s, coupon.... 113
IX»4« Js4s/ Do2s 95%
Mobiles Ohio 45.. 68 Do 6s. Reg llits/n
Mutual Union 65. .110 Do 6«. coupon.... US %
N J Cent Gen 65. .. 11 tj'/ai Va funding deot... til", 8
N YCAst Louis 4ii 10.'. Do registered.
Nor«fe West Gen 65120 Do deferred. 65... 6
N Carolina con 4s. 103 Do trust rcpt stpd 6
Does 122 Wabash Ist 6* 1071/4
North west Consols. 140 West bhure 44. .,,. 10b6. a
A^»u««< 6 B lll'/i
I (ii;i.l(,.N MARKETS.
WHEAT IX I.IVEBPOOL.
LIVERPOOL, Kno., Feb. 25.— The spot market
Is quiet at 6s 6 v d©es 7d. Cargoes are lower at
32s 3d, arrived.
H'TfRKB.
The Produce Exchange cable Elves the following
Liverpool quotations for Nc 2 Red Winter: Feb
ruary, 6s 2V 3 d; March, 6s 2Vjd; May, 6s 4d;
July, 6s 3%a.
SECURITIES.
LONDON', Enci., leb. 26.-Consols, 112 13-16;
silver, 29» / id; lreuch ltente», 102f85c.
KXCHANUK AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — 94 86%
Sterling Exchange sight — 4 BS-V*
Sterling Cables — 4 89
New York Kxchange.'slght — V 6
New YorK Exchange, telegraphic. — 27V4
Fine sliver, per ounce — 64>a
Mexican Dollars — 61Va
♦
PRODUCE MARKET.
WHKAT AND tTIIEB GRAINS.
WHEAT— Is dull and unchanged In all posi
tions. Quoted at $1 2i>@l 32% * ctl for common
grades, #1 3l@l 3614 V ctl for average No. 1,
! $1 37 % 'f, ctl for choice and $1 42%@l 50 1* ctl far
' ex.ra cnolce milling.
CALL BOARD BALES.
Informal Session— 9:l6 o'clock—May— looo
C Is, «* 3.5; IV.UOO, $1 32V 8 : 4090, $1 82%.
Hkcond Session— December— 2ooo ens, «1 17;
2000, *l 17y 8 Mhv— $1 Sal/4
-ItKQULAR jJornino Skssion— 1 ecember— 4Uoo
ctls. Si 173/ i. May — 2000, $1 3!j%: lv.ooo,
»1 331/4; 2000, $. 331/ i,: 4000, fl 3-6,%; 24 000,
33.
Aktkrnoon SE«sio>f— May— 2ooo ctls, $1 82%;
12,000, »1 33. December— 2ooo, ?1 17 V±. 40uU,
I 91 lb.
BARLKY— Feed Is weaker and Brewing very
dull. Feed, 7-«;%@77%c .%» ctl: Brewing. 87%@
92V a c
CALL BOARD BALKS. • '
Informal s-kssion— 9:ls o'clock— May— 2ooo
ctls. 72% c 2000. 7i.%c; 2000, 72% c.
sskcond session — .\o sales.
KK'.l I.AR Mornino .- KMiIX- May— 4ooo CtiS,
73c: 40t«u, 7314 c.
Aftkrnoon session" — December — 2000 Clls,
73% c: 40U0, 7314 c. May— 4ooo, 73% c.
OA'J'h — Are quiet again. Milling la quotable at
fl 2t@l 40 V ell: Fancy Feed, SI 37%@14&:
common White, tJ@l 10; good to choice, 81 150
1 35, bccordtng 10 quality: Black for feed, 95c@
*1 06; for led, $1 10@l 25: Gray, SI 15@1 30;
Red, $1 10@l 20; feurpnse, SI 44@1 50 %4 ell.
c;t>KN ->o: much trade yesterday. Large Yel
low. 76@77%c; Small Hound do, 90@9i>c; While,
7£>®H()c %i cti.
■ KYE- 85(g87%c
BUCKWHEAT— Quoted at S 1 16&1 25 ft ell.
 FLOUR AM) M . 1.1.5T11 IS.
FLOUR— Net cash prices are: Family extra*.
$4 Bt(o>4 96: Bakers' extras, *4 76@4 85: Super
fine S4@4 35 it bbl.
COUNMEAL. EIC- Feed Corn, «17@17 60;
Cracked corn. »17 50@I8 r>> ton.
MILI. STUFF. — PitOMtal sacks ere as follows,
usual discount to the trade: Graham Flour, 9'i 85
%* 100 lbs; Rye Hour, »a 76 * 100: Rice Flour,
$5 75; Curnmeal, "@" 2s; extra cream do, f a 76:
uatmeal, S3 60; Out Uroals, 94: Hominy. $3 10
©3 «0: Buckwheat Flour. $3 26^3 50; Clacked
Wheat. S3 60; Farina, $4; Whole Wheat Flour,
S3; Rolled Oats (bbls). f 60@5 90; Pearl Barley,
93 7&(&4; spilt Peas, «3 60; (ireen do, $4 25 ft
100 lbs. ■ .
HAY ..AMU 1 I.KHSK 1
Middlings are lower. No change in Bran. Bay
is weak. ■ .
- BRAN— SI 2 60@13 for the best and $11 50012
iP ton for outside brands. '< .
MIDDLINGS— SIB@I9 for lower grades and
19 50@20 60 ten lor the best. .
PKtDsTUFFs _ Rolled Barley, *17 60@18;
Ol cuke Meal a; the mill. $26 M) V ton; Jobbing,
9-1 50: clipped Oats. $1 30 <£0l 50 » ctl.
, HAY -Wheat, «8<g»ll: Wheat and Oat, $7®
10: Oat, «6@9: Barley. $7(li8 50: River Barle.,
«@tt 50; Alfalfa, $6@7 61): compressed. *6@
1 B^n.L ht ?, ck> $5^6; 1 lover, $638^4 ton.
BTRAW-25(&50c 9 bale.
BEANS AND SJ3 EDS.
Beans are well held, but auiet.
BEANS — Bay os, $1 50©l 65 f» Ctl: Small
Whites, $1 10@l 25 9 ctl: Lar*e White*. $1 10@
125: Pins. $1 10@l 25: Reds. $1 103120:
Hlackeye. 81 26&1 36. Red Kiduey, $a 25 Limas,
$1 6tr<sl 85; Butters, $1 25©1 40: Pea, Cl lf@
1 20.
eKE Dß— Brown Mustard, $2 oO@2 76: Ye low
Mustard. *1 75@2 f* ctl: Flax, $l'3sftfll4o: Ca
nary -epd, 134@2V4C ft tb; Alfalfa. bi/ic; Rape,
2i/ 2 '<x2B/ic; lieuip, ac; Timothy, 4^c.
L-RIK.. PKas— Mies $I©l 20 $ ctl; Green,
91 40@l 50 1» ctl. " ■ **
POTATOES, O.MOXi, VEGETABLES.
Onions are lower. No chance in Potatoes.
POTaTOKs— NewPo:atoes. 4cf> !b: sweet Pota
toes, $l@l 76. according to quality; Early Rose. 70
(^80c; River P.eds, 70/i£Boc: liurlmiik Seedlings, 55
®70c V ctl for Rivers, 90c(ffiSl 10 for Salinas and
6S@BJc for Petalumas; Oregon nurbanks, 75@
$1 10.
ONIONS— SI 50@l 60 ft ctl; Cut Onions, 75c@
$1 25; Oregons, $1 7S@.'.
VEUiiTAULIiS— Hothouse Cucumbers. 50c@
91 25^doz; Asparagus t(c>i2VaC %* It. lor common
and lo((£.>oc for choice: Rhubarb, »1 50@'_' 26 9
box; Los Angeles Summer :-i|ua«h. .* ; (it 1 2& '&
b>>x: Los Angeles Green I*< ppers, 50cH box: Mush
rooms, 10@20c V it,: Marrowfat Squash. $6@7 t*
ton, Los Angeles Tomatoes, so< (a.* 1 26 t* bx: .Mexi
can Tomatoes. $1 25; Dried Peepers, 7c 1?. ft>; Green
Peas, 4(g.7c %k ft,; Los Angeles String Beans,
10@)15c; Dried Okra. B@9c £» lb: Cabbage, 40ia
60c V ctl; Carrots, -5&30 c%* sack; Garlic, ly 2 @
2c V &>.
BUTTEK, CHEESE AND EGGS.
BUTTER— Continues weak, though there Is no
decline.
1, kkamery — Fancy creameries, 20@21c: sec
onds, 173^@18c * lb.
i>AiKV— l-ancy rolls, 16(^16c: squares, 16@17c
?* Ib; gooa to choice, 13<Si4c; lower grades. 10(8
i2vy. w
Picklkd— l3<a>l4c ft Ib for old and 16c "£ Ib for
new.
Firkin— i:-;@i * Ib for old and 15c ¥ Hi f or
new.
C RKAMKKV Tub— l6@l7c V D).
I'll E»h— Choice mild new, 9c ft Ib: common to
good old, 7i^@»i/.,c. Cream Cheddar, il@l2c "$ Ib;
Young America, B@llc %J Ib; Western. ll@12c;
Eastern. JI4(al4J/ I .a - -
KGGS— Taere is no further rtec'lne. Ranch
Eggs. 12@13c; store Egg*, 10(g*llc ~t doe; Duck
Eggs, 14@15c.  ':
rOULTKY AM) GAME.
POULTRY— Fryers are bringing more money.
Otherwise thi-re Is no change.
Live Turkeys, 13@14 V lb for Gobblers, 13@14c
"& Ib for Hens: Dressed Turkeys,, l»@l 6 9 Ib;
Geese. V pair, $1 6001 75: Goalin'zs. $2 60@3;
Ducks. #4 6U@5 50 tor old and *6<g,7 for vo lag; '
i<-ns, f3 rO(«4 50: Roosters,- younir, $sig.S &0:
do. old, $3 .'1,'._;.4; Fryers, $.*i:*3 50: Broilers, $4 50
(.ji.i .or large and $3<s4 lor smnli: Pigeons, 9:'&
2 60 S do/ for young am $I^l 25 for old.
AM — Quotations are nominal, as there is very
lit coming in. English snipe, $2 tor*3 doz:
Jack Snipe, > doz: Hare. $1: Rabbits, i\ 25
for Cottontails and $1 for small: Gray Geestr. $250; j
White Geese, $1; Brant, $1 60; Honkers, «3 50(0,4.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
' ■*■"■*"■' 1
Cranberries are out. Apples are getting scarcer.
Oranges rute steady.
DECIDUOUS FRUIT! — '•-=*.
Apples, ifl^l 35 '? box for choice, $1 50@l 60
for fan* 60(a). for common.
CITRUS FKUITS— NaveI Oranges are quotable |
at $1 7S@2 75 V box: Seed.ing*. 75c@*l 26 V bx:
Lemons, 5 ic<3sl for common and $1 25&1 60 for
good to choice; .Mexican Lioies,ss@s SO; California
Limes. 75c@$l 25; Bananas, $I^2 V bunch:
Pineapples, $z@4 ft doz.
DRIED FRUITS. ICAKIXS. NUTS. KTC.
DRIED FRUITS— Quotations on the Fruit Ex
change are nominally as follows:
Carload Lots— Apricots, 6@9c for Royals and '
1 1 1 / -2©l2c for choice to fancy Moorparks: Prunes. |
•_'3 A fs,3c for the 4 «i«s: Peaches, 4@s^<|C for |
prime to choice. &Vi#7c for fancy arid
S@loc for peeled 111" boxes: Apples. bid |
BV2C for evaporated and l@2V^c for sun-dried;
Pears, 2i a> <isc for prime to choice, 4(0&5V->° for |
quarters and C©lii/.<.' for haws: Plums. 4c for
pitted and lioc for onpltted; Nectarines, 3Vi<£s
41.4.C for chou'e and 5i /2 c for fancy ; While iigs,
1 3c: Back Figs, 2V 4 @2i/S,c.
JOBBI.N'O I'BICF.S— Peaches, 4V i (j'y.">l/ic %i !b:
f»ncy, 6V4®73Ac f» Ib: peeled. 12^c fi Ib Apri
cots, t>V-!!a.y-' V Tb; tauc, 10c; Moorparks, l - /fg>
13c: evaporated App es, 6*40: sun-dried, 2%<i63c;
Prunes. 3i4(s3i/jc forthe 4 xizes: Figs, black, 3c for '
un pressed and tKa3i/2C for pressed; white Figs. 4c; i
Piums. 4\^@sc for bitted and li^c for un pit ltd: j
Nectarines, ifg,6c V- Ib for prime fnucy; Pears, '
2V>@sc for wbo.e, 4V^@5 1 , jc lor quarters and 4Vi
@b^c for halve*.
A IN-—
Carload Pricks — Four-crown, loose, 5S/ 8 c;
three-crown, 48»c 9 tt>: two-crown. 33/ s c ft Ib;
seedless Sultanas. S-Vjc: seedless Muscatels, 43 8 c;
three-crown London layers. $1 15: clusters, *1 Mi:
lJehesa clusters. $2 bO; Imperial clusters, 93;
dried rapes. 3c «* tt.
Jobbing Pbickm-San Fbancisco— Four-crown,
loose, 6 K 4c: 3-ciown, 4»ic; -'-crown, ii^c; seed
less sultana?, s^ic: seedless Musca.els, 4^c;
3 crown London layers, $1-5; clusters, 91 61);
Dehesa clusters, 92 75: Imperial clusters, $3 25.
N UTS— chestnuts quotable at B@lO<-; Walnuts
6Va?l7c 9 Ib for standard and u<a»9 »';u %t tt for
sot. shell : Almonds, ('(giiij-c for Languedoc, $(<& \
3V4c for hardshell Mnd B@9s *» Ib for papersi'.ell; i
Peanuts, 4®6c tl Ib for Eastern and 4c lor Cali- I
fornia: Hickory Nuts .">(a6c V Ib: Pecans. 7^f<4 I
He V tt: J-Überis, 7i/o@Hi': Brazil Nuts, 7Va3Bc; :
Cocoanuts, Sstg>s 60 V iUO. -
HO.NEY— Comb, lO@l2Vicfor bright and s@9c
for lower grade*; water-white extracted, i'xvtfi i 3 v.;
light amber extracted, 4i ; .@4 /ic; dark amber, 4©
41 <•: daric. V(g,3c ft tb.
BEESWAX—^©-JSc %i Ib.
PROVISIONS.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, 6c ii Ib for heavy, 7c
ft Ib for light medium. 9%c for light, 100 > Ib for
extra light and 1 iy 2 c ft Ib for su«ar-cured. £as:
eru sugar-cured Hams, 12@12V^c: California i
Hams. ltJia.U»i 2 c; ■ Mess Beef, *7@7 60; extra •
mess do, ?H(S,S oO: family do, $9 .">iX<SlO; extra |
prime Porte. $7 60»8: extra clear. «16 * bbl; i
mess, $I*l* bbl . Hmolced Beer, 10c i» tb.
LAUD— Kaslern tierces is quoted &i 6y 2 c for
compound ana 6^6VaC for pure: palls, 7c; <'all
fornla tierces, b<gil>W-,c & Ib lor compound and 6V«c
fo'pure: half-bbl.s, 6-\ic; 10-lb tins, Vi,ic; do, 5- a,
'y»c?ltb.
COTTi»LENE-5i6@5%c In tierces and 7%@
BV»c in 10-tt. tins. "
HIDES, TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell lc
under sound stoc<. Heavy salted steers are qunt
ableat 8c V Ib; medium, 7c V tt>; light, 6@6i£c;
Cowhides, OfcSU'/jC; salted Kip. 6c {i 23: salted
Calf. 7@Bc; sailed Veal, 6c; dry Hides. I2i/ a (£
13c: cults aud brands. 9V*(giloc «l Ib: dry Kip and
Veal, 9@loc; dry Calf. 15c: culls, 10c; Uoatslclns,
20@35«-acb: Kids. Be; Deerskins, good summer,
25c Ib; medium, 20c; winter, 10c: Sheepskins,
shearlings. lO(^2l)c each; short woo!, 'J6(a)3Dc
ea:b:' medium, 50@16.-each; lung wools, 4U(js6oc '
each.
TALLOW— No. 1, rendered, :-@3Vic; No. 2, '
2i/jC: refined. 6c: Orease, 2c tt.
. WOOL- We quote: Ban Joaquln, 4@6c; Eastern
Oregon, 7@loc %* Ib.
HOPS— b(s»Bc for fair to choice and 9@loc V tt
for fane/. . .
GtNERAL MKKHANDISK.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags, spot, sc; June-
July delivery, sc; Ban Quenttn, $4 75; wool Bags
24irii@2GV<r.
COAL— Wellington, 8 i» ton: New Wellington,
98 per ton: southtield Wellington. $7 50 ft ton
beattle, *5 60; Bryant, |5 50; Coos Bay. $4 75
9 ion; Wallsend, 96 50 fl ton; Cumberland.
$13 50 'f. ton in bulk aid $15 in sacks- Penn
sylvania, Anthracite Eicg, 811@12 %< ton; Welsh
Anthracite, 9t«3»10; Canuel. 98 V ton; Hock
fcprlngii, Castle Gate and l'leasnn Valley 97 60-
Cuke, Sll©l2 In bu k and *13 V too in sks.
KUtJAll— Western r-ugar KerlninK company
quotes, terms net cash: Cube am Crushed, 63ic;
Powdered, 6V4 1 : Fine Crushed. 5»4c; Dry urauu
lated, 4%c: Confeciloners' A, 4S/ 8 c; Mavnoliu a
4Vic; Ixirac, 4y a oolden C, -c; half barrels
Vie more than barrels and boxes 1.3 C more.
BAN FRANCISCO MEAT JIABKET.
Wholesale rales for dressed stock from slaugh
terers are as follows:
BE KF— First quality, 6c; second, 6@5»/8C; third
do. 4@*Vac 1* tt.
VEAL— Larg-, 6@6c; small, 6@7c $ Ib.
MUTT OX- Wethers, 6@6i /a c; Ewes, sV4@oc
f» tt.
LAMB— Spring. 10c 9 Ib
PORK-Live j.oks, 3M;@3%c: tt for large and
a /i@3% c for small and medium; dressed do, 4»/i
@toe * ib. ' . m
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
FOB 24 HOURS.
Klonr, qr sks.... 3,048 [ L h eie, ca» - 157
Wheauctls. km. 001 — 7,320
larley. cil»..._. 4,810 nlilei.no... 9:i
Feans. sks. SO Pelts, bdi5. ..'.... 2,430
C'orn.ctU 1 Wine. pals ..._ 37,300
Kastern 4>'U, Leather, r0115.... :8
rotatoes, »w..^ 4,674 Lumber. M!»<-.. 10
Unions, so i4;-t, QuicksUrer. risks HO
Hay. ion* _ 340 WO.II. bu.... 3
Straw, tons 10! Alfalfa Heed, sks ' 3
trail, sks 2,65.' Paper, reams..- 2,000
Butter, cv* 102 1
THE STOCK MARKET.
Stock* sold irregularly yesterday, some being
firmer ana others weaker. Changes either way
were narrow.
The Best <£ Belcher assessment fulls delinquent
In board and the Julia ton. assessment ' in ' office
to-day.
The Welsbach commercial Company has de
clared » dividend of 2 per cent, payable March 10.
The • Merrlmnc Mining Company of Nevada
County has declared its first dividend of 10c
per share, aggregating 99400.
The f-anta llogalia Mining Company has declared
its second- dividend . of ' 10c per share, payable
March 1. ■
The iEtna Consolidated Quicksilver Mining
Company has declare.! adlvide id of 10c per share
amounting to *10,000. and pavaole March 1.
-..The Gold Valley Mining Company of Sierra
County haslevi«d an assestment of 10c per sharer
delinquent Marcn 24.
The annual meeting of the Donohoe-Kelly Bank-
In.' Company has been called for March 3.
In ihe Comstock workings of the Savage mine
they are still . timbering ttie main hoisting shaft
from the 450 to the 400 level. In the company*
ground on the Brunswick lode the fo lowlug work
was done during the past week: Shaft i was sunk
11 ftei or. tli- incline; total depth 8-9 feet. The
bottom i» in hard rock. 400 level— Kast crosscut
1 started on the main north drift 100 feet north of
the south boundary was- advanced 7 feel; total
length 80 feet. 1 The face is in porphyry. Work in
this drift has b en slopped, and hus been resumed
in the face of the main north drift which has been
advanced 17 feet, making its total length from the
i south boui d.iry 142 feet. The lace of this drift is
! in porphyry
r In tue v rown Point mine the west crosscut from
theendof •he south drift on the seventh floor of
th- opening from the 800 level raise It now out
27 feet, having b en driven 18 tett during the past
week. r ihi- material encountered, and that i» now
In the face, is porphyry and day, wl h bunches of
low grade quartz througu it. Kepa;rs to the 600
level suuiii urifi and in tue main shaft are iliil
underway. - •- -• ■
The yield of the Belcher mine for the past week
amoun ed to 61 ruining curioads of ore. the aver
age assay va ue of which was $-5 59 per ton.
The Seg. Belcher anil Mides Con. mine yielded
21 mining car on da of ore, assaying *** 10 per ton
during the past week.
BOAItD SALES.
Following were the sales In the Baa Francisco
Stock Board yesterday:
KKOI'IAK KOSSISB SESSION, COMMKXCINO 9:SO.
I 200 Belcher... isSUOli CCAV...1.901200 Ophlr 81
200 Bullion... .lii, 26 2.0-100 Savage.... 3B
AFTKUNOON SESSION— 2:30.
100 Andes 12 100 Conn.... 1.0 MOO P0t051....44
200 Belcher.. .24 .00 Ophlr. 78 UU Utah-..
&U ~<fcl> 57 iUJ luio.i 43 400 X J*CJ£l..3O
iUU Choir 94
Following were the *aloi in the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday:
EEGDLAE SESSION— IO:3O.
400 Alpha. ....09 200 C0nn. ...1.00 50J Opbtr 80
1700 Alia 05 lUO 1.02% 100 hi
S 200Ande*..12V^500C Imp 01 300 Uvrmn....lo
' 40J Belch*r....2i> jOO .. 02 100 11
30 K&.U. 69 3 JO C Point. ...22 200 Poto«l 42
500 67 1000 2b 300 Savage.... 38
boo 8u11i0n.... 1;; mo .......-4 500 Scorpion..o
--| 300Ca1eda....1l 40J 26 700 8AM. ..05
| 200 Chllnge...4« 700 Exchr 04 4O'» i- N*» 36
| 300 41 3 JO U <tc 40 2000 SIIKUI..OI
! .00 4**150 H&.N....1.U6J1U0 Stanrd..l.6s
260 Cb011ar....91 400 Justice... o4 Union 35
«OOCC*VI.9i^jBOO Kentuck..O2 4JJ U-»u...-00
450 1.9u .>OOO L Wash. 0) 60J i JC«....2i»
I 100 1.97 V' -00 to ex 36 ! 500 -....30
600 Con Y.-OiillOJO Occd 07
AFTERNOON SESSION— 2:3O.
200 Alnha 1« 150 CCV..l.9i;i/ 3 ,!400 Ophir 80
•-0J Andes^l2V a |iOo ConU...l.lit) 400 Urraii>....lU
•MO lieicner.. :■, 100 Crwnrt.. - 150 P0t051....41
300 hOLB 6. 1300 25 400 44
-'00 Oh jOO Kxcnqr...O. 50J t»va<e....3B
40J ehaUge...4'2 350 U&C . ...40:400 35
300 4-. 200 H<sM.(>2Va 60 btnrd....l
15; Choir 9o 30J 2iexican..3s JOO Utuou.....J>«
25J 94 40J occtdt, 07,50 J V Jw»4,,...-z«
CLOSIN'Ii QUOTATIONS,
THURSDAY, Feb. 25.4 p. «.
jirt. A JA cd. lint. A. 4K -5-1 .
AfPhnCon.... «9 lolJoiia - - «6
Alia. l<4 Ob Justice. — *">
Andes. — 12 13 Keutuclc...^ . 01 12
Belcher i.':< 24 -Mexican 3* 36
Best&Uetoae: 57 6b .Nevada Uaeeo. 14 —
Benioa C0u.... 16 20 Occldeutai. .... 07 09
Bullion - 11 12 uphir 79 80
Caledonia. 10 li overman.. .... (jK 10
Chollar 94 95 ' t'otosL 43 44
Con.CaldtVa...l9J 1.95 savage. ■■ 38 .b9
Challenge Uoo, 44 45 scorpion _ 02 .03
' Con. Imperial. 01 L. -it- Belclitic... 04 06
Confidence.... 1.06 1.10 silver Hill 01 i 2
loiiKdw You- — L- sierra Nevada. 33 35
Crown Point... 24 26 standard 1.60 1.70
Kast»ierra^i«7 — t4 syuaicate. .._ — t.<
tuitmi-aii.., — 4L UniouCOU..... 34 35
nxcheauer .... 01 04 LUUI 06 t7
Ouuta scurry. 40 4 • i ciiow j»wii3i« '49 30
Ai»..i.«v. A era. 1.00 1.051
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
TUURsiDAY, Keb 25 - 2 P. M.
USIUB BTATKS BONDS,
}■■>„. tt-' ■■. ..; ..;■•: But. AlkeCL
CB4SCOBD.II2 — jU ts4sre«...W» 110^
IX) new iasuei'Jl :: 4 —', \\
MISCKI.LA.NKOUB BONDS.
Cal-stCblf>3s.ll2 — UaKOas 55.. — 104
Cul£lecL6s — 131 .bo-id is 55... 109 1101,4
CntraCVV&s 95 87J/i Omnibus Us.. 122 122Vk
UpDt-stex-cp — lVi /4 P& O liy tit. — US
>.dsnL&l'6sl29T'B — P<tChKy6s. — 103
><S:CUKK6sIO6 108 Pwl-st HR6SII4 119
Oearv-sl K&s — 103 |Heno,WL<&L — 10
II 1.&3 6v%*.10J — . eacto PA L. — 100
: LosAngLds — 100 >* "A M'l;s<.. 101 i .01 ' .0
; CoUnteed 6s — 101 jal'KKArlzas l> 4 Ji, 3 —
Mkt-stCble6sl22Vs — sPHKCaIos. 109 1:1
! l>oKy Con «>5.i064i107 9PKKCaISs. — 100
NatVln6slst — 100 ~PBrRC«I6j. 88 -— '
NevCKgß7s.lo3 105 SVWater«J».lVO 1203' 8
•N KyCal bsi.lOUi^ — *>V Water 4s. 100^4.101
>iiycalos. - 96 isiktuOdtlioi - "10-'Va
. . »ATKH mrocK^.
Contra Costa 35 4Ui/i|rjprng Valley 1 BV4 £8%
MarlnCo..... 48% — j
VAX AM" KLKCTRIC 9 TOCIM-
CapttAL - 26 Pacific Liens 491,4 50
Central 68i^ — F Q&Klec. £8 981.4
Mfc.iecl.ignt 8' 9 -anlruueico -i* .i ..
OakUl.<S:U — £,41 ... Siocktou — -J
Pac cas Imp 01'; — .
IN-,. KANCIC KTOCEV
Flreman'sFdl77Vi — |...
COHMO..COIAI. BANK STO.-ICV
Anclo-Ca1.... 61 — First NatlonllSl 187^
; BanicofCal.. - Ml | LondonP&A.U7y a —
, CalbU<tTColo6»4 — iJierchEx 1J # —
BAVl.s,ll HANK STOCK*.
GerS&LCo- — 1600 ISav&Loan.. _ 105
UumiihJtL.liO.J — Security... 341 —
Mutual 33 — Union Trust. B 2s —
btstv Union — 476
STREET RAILROAD STOCK 3.
I California 107 — iOakSLKSHay _ 100
Oean--5t....- 28i^ - Presidio 4.1, —
Markel-5t.... 437' 8 <4Ml|
1- .> .•«..» TOTR
I AtlantlcD... 16 17 lOlantCoa... 32 32^A
California.... 87i/ 3 i:o IVigorlu — 8 00
Eastern D.._ 76 85 |
m*-"I.LA\KOOT WTOCKI.
Alaska Pkrs. 10814104 iNatVinCo.. -. HVt
Her Lead Co. >O .co MceanlcSSCo 24 25
HawCASCa. 151,% 16l^lpac Aux X A — 4
Hau-UsPu x* l A •4 s /4iPacßoraxCa — 94
MerKxAssn. — llu [larf PalniCo — 4
BALES— MORNING SESSIOX.
JT Board—
40 Citant Powder Con 32 1254
35 Hawaiian Commercial. IB 00
60 Hntchlnson .-> P Co. _ ■ S4 37v<»
60 Oakland Gas . 64 00
160 SF was & Electric Co 88 00
lObFUasllKhl... 2 25
6S V Water, cash .._ VH 12V«.
1000 S V 4% Bonds. 101 1 0
1000 FA N P Hallway Bonds 101 00
MlPfl- :' ■.-. -■
7 Bunk of California / .' ; 239 00
5000 Omnibus Cable Bonds ... " 122 25
(6000 S V 4% Bonos .7*". 101 00
SALES— AFTERNOON SESSION.
Board—
84000 Edison Light A Power 80nd5..... 130 00
; *1000 do do, alO 130 nu
1 70 Giant Powder Con. 3' 00
I 40 Oakland Gas '..."" 64 00
000 Omnibus Cable Bonds .'."."....*. 122 25
54 ss F Gas <t Electric Co ... 98 00
100 8 V Water "1!... 88 25
Ftr«"f>i —
40 Pacific Lighting , 49 BO
34" S FUasllsrht a £<5
1000 B P Branch Railway 80nd5...!".".". 88 25
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
G. \V. Harris to Kmily K. and Charles R. Doran
lot on B\V corner of Sacramento and Larkln
streets, S 40:2Vfe by W 100, quitclaim d. Ed; 8300
sum* to Sarah Fatek. lot on W line of Larkln
street, 40:2i,i S Of Sacramento, 8 27:6 by W 100
quitclaim deed: #10. •
Emily K. and Charles 11. Doru to same, same;
■? 10.
§ Nathaniel J. and Belle (or Isabella) Brlttan to
George Ta*hclra, lot, on KU corner of Pacific ave
nue and Baker street, E4oby N 127:814* 10.
" Katie I. Hutchison (Ward), wife of Walter to
Walter Hutchison, lot on 8 line of McAllister
street. 162 E of First avenue. E 25 by 8 137:6;
William and Lizzie Hlnkel to Bertha Minister
lot on E line of Cole street, 68:9 S of Waller. S 25
by E 95; f 10.
Pedro and Mary Fuslinl et al. (by F. A. Cay-
Bgnsro. coruml-sloner) to Lorenzo Qulllcl. lot on
X \\ corner of Church and Twentieth streets, W
160, N 114. X 50, a 50, E 100, s 64: $6607.
Pedro, I'letro and Mary i- ustiui to same, same;
■ scar F. and Sarah Prey to Wii:iam J. Herrln,
lot ou W line of Cloraavenue, 168 N of Eighteenth
street, N 28 by \V 130; $3000.
wuilem S. and Frances H. Foss to Frederick
Diem lot on N line of Twenty-thirl street. 90 X
of i i fin mi avi-hu.- (Ellen), E 25 by N 114, lot
72. H.vman Tract; *10.
Dennis H and Margaret Collins to Kiln I* Col
lins, lot on N ilne of Pine street, 112:6 Eof Tay
lor, B 25 by N 137 :tt: gift. ■; ■ \
Georce Hi ddoct; and Mary C. shark ey to Maude
B. Hayes, lot on E line of Hands!! place, 110:6 N
of Greenwich street, N 27 by E 56; *26U.
Anton, 1 ouisa, Jos and Kmma Mlcballtschke to
Micballtschke Bros A Co.. lot on W line of Leav
en worth reet, 68:9 not Geary, B 20:8 by W 68:9;
William M. and Florence M. Hose to Mary C.
Massi-y, ot on X line of l. Ark In street, 87:6 N of
McAllister, N 60 by X 87:6: $5. .
Harry H. and Mary V. Bradbury to same, same;
$6. .
David P., Annie T.. Mary T. and Catherine M.
O'Brien to Catherine O'Brien, undivided four
tenths of lot on SB line of Clementina street, 125
NEof Ninth, DTK 25 by SK 75; gift.
A. Mecartner and A. K. Kal M al (by R. 1.
Whelan. sh.rifT) to Ralph L Jlatborn, lot on 8W
corner of Vermont and bolano streets. s 230, W
18:6, N to a point oa bolano 47 W of Vermont. E
47: $1425.
B. (.i. chandos et al (by same) to same, lot on
I»Ecorn*rof Vermont and Buito streets, M 140
b/ E 100; (714. *..'■.._..
San Francisco Laud Gsmpany to Mary A. Brlnd.
lot on E line of Ninth vfenue, iOU of Lake street,
525 by E 120: $10. .
l . K. B and Friable Sellers to LcuU Kverdlne
and H. W.Jackson, lot on E line of Forty-flftn
avenue. 200 Mof W s reet, N6oby E 120; $ .
William M. and Mary >.. Fiizhugri to »lr». K. J.
Little, lot on sE corner of Tuirtyjlilrl street and
btanford Heights avenue, 8 100 by E 43:4, por
lion of lr>ts 52 and 53. blocfc 123, Sunnyside Ad
dition No. 1: $10.
ALAMKDA COfNTY.
Reinhold and Susanna Hesse to Nicolia F.
Dethlefsen, lot on » line of Twenty-first stree .
260 W of Shu P*blo av-nue, X 115:2^. VV 50 to a
point distan. 113:8 N from N line of i wenty-flrs
street on a line parallel with >an Pablo avenue
and distant W iherefrom 3UO. thence * 113:* Ito N
line o Twenty-lira ctreet, i hence X 1 :6, K48.1l
to beginning being lot 8. smith Tract, Oakland;
*Mary J. Pinserton to Wolf Prossner. lot on XW
ornerof Tenth an 1 Adeline street*, W 120 by 3S
6*. h ock 663, Oakland: $5. _
Charles 11. and mile W. Daly to Brooklyn In
vestment and Loan Association, lot on S line of
Parsous street, 600 X of Park, h 42 by S 100, be
mg lot 13, dock B, PhrsonV Golden Gate Iract,
oaulund lownship: a«o loi on Kline of enter
street. 300 - of A or Thirty-second, S 100 by h*
Ib 3, being lot '2, bloc* P. lands of Peralta Home
stead Association, Uakland: if 1.
A. -Mecnrney to Mary T. ■ studillo (wife Of J.
M.) lot S3. i>r< x er Tract, quitclaim deed, Oak
land Township: ? . _  .
J. U. ami -Vary T. Kstu.tillo to FerJinand
Meyers, same. Oak and Township: f5.
-Vu^ust and Dicknian to CnarlfS Dick
m»u,l«.ion N line of Parker s.reet. 124.4S E of
Benveuue aven..e. X 35 by N 98 32, beiiw portion
of iots 18 ar:d 19. blocs A, Hi.leguss Tract, Berke
ley; *100. _
Kobert M. Brj-ant to Mary E. Dooblns, lot on
line of Chapel street, 120 N of Bancroft way, N 60
by W 137:15/ i, neinc portion of lot 4. block 5, villa
!ots adjoining th- University on the d, to correct
deed dated May 23. 18S5. and recorded In book
01/sof deeds, pa«o 426, berkeley; $100.
Charles A. and Alice C. P.aiiey 10 H. M. Mich
aelian, lot on N line of Charming way, 80 W of
Fifth street. W HO by N 100. being the W 20 ft of
lot 16, ail of lot 16 and B 10 ft- of lot 17, block 127,
Corrected Map, Raymond Tract, Berkeley; »5.
David hymmes to Cosmopolitan M. B. and L.
Assocatioo, all interest in lot on E line of Bray
avenue, 300 N from N line of old County roal. No.
708, thence St 60, X 163.9U S 51.47, W 15J.07 to
beginning, being lot 67. Fruitvale Glen. Brooklyn
Township; aUo all interest In lots 71, 72 and 73,
same: also all Interest In lot on HE line of Eleven tv
avenue. 60 SW of E Twentieth street, SW 60 by
HE 15U, block 115 Clinton, >ast Oakland: $10.
Oakland Bank of savings to same, lot on BW
corner of Willow and Twentieth streets, S 136:6,
W SBB:i%. X 215:6, E 380, lots 1. 2 and 3, block
743 Houeham True t. Oakland: $925.
Syndicate Investment company to Anne Gavli
let, lot ou SE line of Brandon street 40 MX of
Putnam. NE 10 by sE 100. being a portion of lot
22, block 770. mop of syndicate Inve tment Com
pany's subdivision of blockH 7il to 764, 769 and
770, Levl Lane Tracts, Brooklyn Township; $10.
The Realty Syndicate (corporation) to the City
of Oakland, beginning at a i.oint lormed by tbe in
tersection of tne Encinal line wltn the center of
Willow street, between Eighteenth and Twen
teth streets, thence N 160.25. E 440, 8
68.76, W to beginning, being lots 1 and X, block
74.:. lluuitbun Tract; also all land lying between
lots 1 ami 2 and center lilies of Wilow, 'i wenlipth
and Campbell streets, to be us*d lor public park,
Oakland $142.
George and Stella M. Levison to same, lot on
NW corner of Campbell and Eighteenth streets,
if extended, thence ?»' 475 to itie Enrinal line,
thence W 100. S 455, B 190, to beginuin.-, uak
laud; also lot on NW corner of Campbell and
Eighteenth street >, if extended, thence W 190, S
80, E 190. s 136.40, SK 62.34, N to S line ol 18th
street. E 145.99, N 60. W 185.99, N to Encmal
line, W to v>. Caa.poeli's, S 475 to beginning, lor
a public strte , Oumand: $10.
Central Pacific Railroad Company to same, un
divided one-ninth interest in lot beginning at in
tersection of center line of Eight< enth street,
extended to . with center in \\ ood street, extended
&•, thence X alons: Wood to a point «h're the
tame is intersected by Kncinal line, so called,
thence K 674:li<j to a point f-quid. slant from W
line of Campbell street and X line of Willow,
thence S to center of Eighteenth, extended W,
thei cc W 660 to beginning (for public park), Oak
land: $400.
J. V. Webster anl H. Fischbeck to same, un
divided eight-ninths same (for public park), Oak
land; $3225.
Builders' Contracts.
Paul Fleury with M. V. Brady, brick and granite
w rk. etc , for a tno-story brick building on E line
of Waverly place, 6^:9 N of Sacramento street,
$148U; Pissis A Moore, architects.
Same with F. W. Kern, carpenter work, etc.,
same, $10i»0; same architects.
Thomas J. Reeau with James E. Mooney, altera
tions and additions to three stores on 8 line of
l-'Farrell s reet, 25 E of Powell. $4800; T. J.
Welsh, architect.
James E. Mooney, contractor, with M. V. Brady,
stii-cont.actor, excavating, grading, etc., on same,
§^000; >ar.earchitec .
C. C. and Jlazi M. Gros9 with Robert Pieper, to
erect a 2-story frame buildin- on N line of Hreen
street, 137:6 W of bcott, $4500; K. W. Hyde,
architect.
J. B. P.luxome with J. B. Glunz, to erecr a 2
story frame building on X line of San J 0.-te h venue,
6f4:4V2 NX of Twenty-nintb street, $2325; archi
tect, owner.
tun CAUL, CALENDAR,
Febbdart, 18fl7.
,—
1
Tu. W. Th. (Fr.jSa. Moons Phases
2 3 4 6 6 jjßk New Moon.
Sic/ Feb. 1.
_!_ 21 21 21 21 3^ Quarter
16 17 18 19 20 • ■
Full Moon.
23 24 25 2tS 27 V A' Feb 17 '
23 24 25 2ti 27 i
~ — — j^ Last Quarter.
, y. j^ Feb. 28.
22
OCKAN STKA3IKKS.
Daten of Departure From San Francisco.
BTKAMKR |O STIXATIOJf.|
s M l.s
I PIKR.
Male or Ual. I'oriinua
Coos Bay-.. Newport
Arcaia coos Bar
Czarina Coos Bar
A capuico... Panama.
Mexico. jsanDletro. ...
Pomona.... HumboldtHa.-
Queen Vtc&PgtSndj
Kurekca Newport
Alamecla.... Sydney
Columbia ..' Por:ianrf
China j China & Japan
Karallon Yaaulna bay. I
banta Kcsn. ! ban Dtesro. .... |
Feu 1' 7. 10 am
Feb 27. Fam
l>b 27.10 am
Men 1.12 M
Mch 1.12 M
Mrh I.IIAV
Mch 1, 2pm
I Mch 2. Sam
I Mch 3, 9au!
I Mch 4. 2pm j
Mch 4.11UM
Men 4, Ipm'
{Men 5, »ami
Mch 6.11 am!
Plot 2 1
i'lar 11
Pier It
Pier 8
PM a 8
PiT 1 I
Pier 9
Pl«r9
Pl«r 11
Pier 7
Pier 24
PIIBB
| Pier i
j Pier 11
STEAMJbKS TO AKRIVE.
SSTKAVKR
I
Lily I'ui-b.a
Wellington... .
s^an Mateo
Empire ....
Truckoe
Mexico
Czarina
Corona
Cleone
Kurefca. i
Geo W. Klder.. 1
Washtenaw |
Hanta Kosa ,
Walla Walla... i
Crescent CUT. . . i
Farallon.' I
Amarapoora.... |
San Bias
loos Bay
Arcata
Dpi Nor'» . . !
Victoria & fujet bouuj | ..Feb a
Departure Bay Feb 2
Cotnox Feb 2
Coos Bay K»h 2
ray Harbor. Feb i
>au Diego KeD VJ
Coos Bay ..Feb r
Humbold; ......... Feb -
Crescent City Feb 2
i Newport Mcb.
: I'ortln.ml Men
Tacoma , .Mch
san Diejo _ Mch
i Victoria <jr PuKetSounJ . . Men
jCreacent City Mch
Yaqnlna Bay Mch
[Ocos Mch
t'anama slch
Newport. Mch
Coos Bay ..Mch
«.rav< H»rnor. . Mch
BUA, MOOS A>D TIDi.
unitkd statics coast AND geod»tto KnRVItT-
Times and Heights of Hior and Low
Wat AT I'OKT Point. Kntbanck TO
bAN Francisco Bay. Published by Offi
cial Authority OF TEE SDFKBINTEINDKNT.
Note— Tbe high and low waters occur at the
City Front (Mission-street Wharf) about twentv
flv<» minutes later ttiaa at Fort I'oitit. me height
of tide is i)it* •<rtt)» a* both place*.
February— lßo7.
Frldu . Feb. u&rr' 26.
Snn rls»s «45|Moon rises a4OAM
Sun sets 6.01 Moon sets.
jj j Time ! Feet j Time | Feet ( Ti^ j Feet j Tlme j
giH Wi L Wl HWI I. W
1
3
I 0,38 1 '4 8 1 640
1.47 30 7.48
2.47 '2.8 h.4S
5.30 8.4 9.4J
4.-6 2.(1 10.34
5.10 1.0 11.19
B W I. w
I 0.10 4.6 1 5.53
5.1
6.1
5.0
4.7
3.05
3.4 M
4.24
-0.6 1
—0.5
-0.2
0.1
as
».1»
iio.ie
10.51
i i.'-'O
11.48
4.
4.
4.
4
5.34
H W
12.05
lL"w
! l.B|
Not*— In tbe above exposition of the tides tha
early morning tides ar» given In the left hand
column, and the successive tides of the day In tht
order of occurrence an to time. The second tlm«
column Rives the second tide of the day, tho thirJ
time column the third tide, and the last or right
hand column gives the last tide of the day, except
when tnere are but three tides, as sometlmej
sccurs. The heights given are additions to the
soundings on the United States Coast Survey
Chans, except when a minus sign (— ) precedes ins
height, and then the number given U subtractlv*
from tbe depth given by the charts.
«OTICi£ TO 3SAKIKEBS.
A branch of the United States Hydrographte
Office located In tha Merchant*' Excnane* la
maintained In Han Francisco for the benefit of
mariners without regard to nationality and free or
expense.
Navigators are cordially Invited to visit th«
office, where complete sets of charts and sailing
dlreciloira of the world are kept on hanl »or com
parison and reference, and the latest Information
can always be obtained regarding lights, danger!
to navigation and all' matters of Interest to ocean
commerce.
The tlm-* boll on top of the building on Tele
graph Hill is hoisted about ten minutes before
noon, and Is dropped at noon. 120 th meridian, by
telegraphic signal received each day from 'tin
Culled States Naval Ob>ervatory a: Mare Island.
Cal.
•A. notice stating whether the time ball *ia
dropped on time, or giving the error. If any, Is
putuisheJ the same day uy the afternoon paper*
and by the morning papers tire following <<ar.
W. a. Hushes.
Lieutenant. V. 8. S.. In oharge.
The Time Ball.
Branch HYnnooßAriiic Office, U. 3. N.")
JIERCIUXTS'EXCHASOB >
Sas Fhascisco, February '26, 1897. )
The time ball on Te.egraph Hill was dropped
exactly at noon to-day—l. c.. at noon of the 12Otn
meridian, or exactly at 8 p. m., Greenwich time.
\V. S. HuoHEs.
Ueutenaut U. a. N., la charge.
SHIPPING IM'KLLIGESCi;
Arr. ved.
THURSDAY. F.bruary 25.
Stmr Greenwood. Fa';erlunJ. • 16 hours from
Green woo- 1: umber, to L E White Lumber Co.
Stmr Gipsy, inland. 20 hours from Monterey,;*
etc: produce. 10 Goodall. Perkins it Co.
Stmr Coos Bay. 11 all. 73 hours from New.
port, • tc: pass ana mdse. to Goodall, Perkins & Co. '■
Stmr Point Arena. Johnson. 16 hours from
Mendoclno and way ports; ijujs and nidst.-. to Men
doclno Lumber Co. • ■'• ■
.Strnr Albion, .Lundqnlst, 68 hours from <_o
qui l« River, via .Fort bragg 18 hours; uidso- aad
lumber, to J s Kin: ill.
ISr ship :»aint Mirren, Fams-y, 33 days from
Antwerp: md<e, to \V X Grac • «ft Co.
Ship Columbia, Nelson. 11 days from Departure
Bay: 2-50 tons coal, to R D handler
hark Mercury. Colby. 11 davsrom Portß'ake
ley, via Clallam lin • 7 days; 875 M ft lumber, to
Itcntoti, Holmi-Sit Co.
Bark ulobican, -aunderj. 19 days from Hono
lulu: sugar, to Welch it Co.
Schr Anna. Krratt, *2t> days from MnhnWnna:
:J4-«1 bags suK»r, to Welch & Co: 20 5 bags su,ar,
to Williams. Dcmond <fc Co l" V.
Schr Elvenia, Johnson, 6 days from '•rv,
Har»or: 95 .\l it lumber, to Simpson Lumber Co.
Schr Nettie jlow. low. 6 noun from t'ln-i,
EajTM; 51) bxs butter, to J It JiewbaueritCoi.
Cleared.
THURSDAY. February 23.
Stmr Orizaba, Yon Helms, Guaymas; Goodall,
Perkins & Co.
Ktmr Corona. Doran, Eureka; 00x1*11, Perkins &
Co.
Stmr Lakme. Anderson, Seattle: Kruse <fe Madi
son.
Schr Twilight- Topfer, ocos, via Mendoclno; S B
Slale LumberCa.
bcbr James A Garfleld, Puimgren, Unalaska;
Alaska Commercial Co.
Sailed.
THURSDAY. February 26.
Stmr I.akme, Anderson! Seattle.
Btmr Noyo. Levmson. Fort Bragg. .
btiur Corona Doran. Eureka
Stmr Santa Rosa. Alexander. San Diego.
etmr Geo Loomls. Bridgets Ventur*.
Stmr Umatilla. Hunter. Victoria ana Port Town
send.
Stmr Orizaba, Yon Helms. Ouaymas.
L-t-ar Alliance. Hardwick, Kureka, with schr
Mabel Gray In tow.
Back Ony CGoss, Mallett, New York.
Uri? Percy Kdwrrds, Pe.erseD, l.evuica, Fiji Is
lands. •.
Schr Mary C. Campbell. Bodega,
Scbr Corintbtau. Zaddart.
Scnr Mabel Gray, Thompson, Eureka, in tow of
stmr Ai ihiicp.
Schr Ivy, Murchtson Grays Harbor.
bchr Monterey, Beck, Bowens Landing.
Telegraphic.
miNT :,ni->i, Feb. 33.'— U p. *.-\Veat!i»e
hazy; wind KW: vploci.v « intla*.
Charters.
The ship M P Grace louds mdse for New York.
The bktn skagit loids lumber at Port '-amlile for
Honolulu: schr Twl Ighr, rai raad ties at Fore
Bra.g for Ocos.
Miscellnnenu*.
The bark Highlanl Mght wliirh sailed from De
parture Bay Ken 21 :or ij«.i Francisco lsan error
She sailed tor Honolulu.
* ■ . Spoken.
Feb7-Nolat, long 29 W, Br bark Invermar*
hence Oct 31, for Bristol. '
Oct 22— 30 N. long 126 W. Br Earls
court, from Oregon, tor Uucciiuown.
Dec 16- Lit 2 N, lon,' 25 W. Br ship Howth fm
Liverpool, lor »an Francisco.
Feb7-Nolat, long * 9 W, Br ship LamUton,
hence Oct 17. forQueenstown.
Dec lti-Lat 51) 8. long 51 W, Br ship Waver
tre», hence Nov 7, for Queen «tr>wn.
Jan 3-Latß 8, long S3 W. Br ship Aion .ilaw
from Swansea, tor San Francisco. *
Feb 7-Lat 23 6 K. long 155 -.'1 W. sealing schr
A & Paint.
Domestic Ports.
BOWESS LANDING-Arrived Feb 24-Schr
Newark, hence Feb 'Si.
POINT LO BOS— Passed Feb 25— Mlneola.
from Port Los Angeles, for Comox.
COOS BAY-AmveU Feb 2j— stmr Cearina hce
Feb 22.
Earbound Feb 25— •itmr Arcata, for San Fran
cisco.
USAL— Arrived Feb 25— Stmr Newsboy, hence
Feb 224.
Sailed Feb 25— stmr Navarro, for San Pedro.
PORT GAMBLE-Sailed Feb 25-Bark < aron-
let. So. San Francisco ; Br ship Duncow, for Port
PORT TOWNSEND-Arrlved Feb 25-Bktn
Uucle John, from Callao.
TATOOSH— Passed Feb 25-Stmr Flor da, hnce
Feb 22, for Comox.
VENTURA— Arrived Febls— Stmr Protect
from Eureka.
Sailed Feb 25-Stmr Protection, for San Fran
cisco.
COOS BAY— Feb 25-9tmr Arca-a. for
San Francisco.
POINT REYES— Passed Feb 25— Nor stmr
Transit, from San Jose de Gua.emaU. for Statue.
"AS — ailed Feb Sinirs National
C!tv and Caspar, for San Francisco.
JCCREKA-Arrived Feb 25— S:mr Tlllamook,
hence F<>b 28: stmr Sou'.h Coast, hence Ft-b '.'3:
stmr Farnllon, bence Feb 24.
Balled FeD 26— Stmr Farailon. for Yaquina Bay.
Foreign Port*.
SYDNEY— Arrived Feb 24— Brie Geneva, from
Eureka.
DOVER— Passed Feb 22— Br ship Star of Rtiss a,
from Antwerp, for San Francisco.
BEAOHY HEAD-Passed Feb 23-Br ship Hol
linwool, hence sept 27. for IlulL
POKT IN INDIA- Arrived prior Feb 24— Nor
stmr Herman Wedel-Jarlsberg. hence Oct 11.
WEST POKT- Arrived Nov 22— Fr bark Louis
Pasteur, bence Oct 7.
QTTKENSTOWN-Salled Feb 23-Br ship City Of
Benares, for Birkenhead.
SarleiF»b J4— Br barK Astoria, for Limerick;
Br snip thorn, for Liverpool; Br bark MueUwyn
for Cardiff.
SHIELDS-^alled Feb23-Brshlp The Hahne
mann, for ban Francisco.
Movements of Trana- Atlantic Steamers.
NEW YORK— Arrived Feb 25— Stmr Nooratand
from Antwerp: stmr Dresden, from Bremen.
Sailed Feb 25-;vmr S<)u;hwark, for Antwerp.
BREMERHaVEN— Arrived out Feb 25-Stsar
HaveL
LONDON- Arrived out Feb 25-Btrar Manitoba.
QUEKNSTOWN-Pass'd Feb 25— Stmr Ger
ma.iic, irom New York, for Liverpool.
Importations.
HONOLULU— Per Mohican— 2o,9s9 oags sugar.
NEWPORT— Per Coos Bay— 4s bxsoransw*.
East San Pedro— 37 cs fish. 2ca olives, 1 barrel
Hneneme— y 2 bx butter, 6os eggs, Ibx hard
ware, 1 bdl meal. ''■' . . , ,
Los Angeles via East San Pedro-60 bbls tar, 5
sts nuts, d pkgsmdse.
Carpiateria-10 bis lemons. 13 pkes trees.
' Vt ntura— 624 on oranges, S5 bis lemons, 6 bdls
dried pelts. 26 bdls hides, 2 sks tails. 1 cs paper 3
picgs mdse, 1 cs grape root, 4 cs eggs, 187 s»s diled
apricots. 2 rooiis fowl.
Santa Barbara -60 pkgs mdse, 1 cs cigars, 19
b.is old plate. 122 bxs lemons, 4 bbU mineral
W Oaviota- 2 bxs butter. 9 skscrawflsb.
Port Harford-4 pkgs niJs'. 40 bis batter, 1 bx
rock, 2cs cneese, 84 cseggs. 1 bx lemons, 6 pkgs
tub 115 bxs batter, 30 pkgs mdse,
22 cs eir?s, 1 bdi hides, 2 coops chickens, 7 cs
■trESTIf'ES 123 bxs butter. 3 bd-s
hides 12 pug* mdse. 2 coops chickens, 9 cs eggs, 1
bdl skint 60 dressed calves.
MOKTEKEY-Per Ulpsy-27 plcss mdse. 102
bis apples, 17 sks bones, Ics orns, 2 bo.s fish.
Moss Landlng-3 cse«s. 3 bxs butter, 1 sk seed,
269 ,. potatoes, 83 PKIfS mdse. _ • . --. ,
sknta Cruz-7" nkgs furniture, 53 c. cheese, 1
bx butier 13 bdls sacks, 6 sks scrap brass. 4 sk,
bones. 71 iks rass, 3J P"Ks md^.e. 1 bx or«,n s es, 1
bxilsn 500 ool» lime, 1 cs Hardware.
!■ iireon , Polnt-144 bis 268 drums cheese, 1 cs
hnftnr 64 sts potatoes, 1 s-; beans
AmesDort-ISS sks potatoes, 180 oats.. 13
nlrsTs mdC 5 pkes mdse.
P MKNiJUCINU-IVr Point Arena-6 pkgsmJse,
12 d es n.o«, 130 Mft lumber, 6000 posts.
point 4rena-27J^ bxs outter. 10 bxs Hsb. 20
bdUcreen hiaes. 7cs -ws. 1 coop chickens, x sic
tails " bdls pelts. 1 bdlol!s ins, appraise.
voRT KH Mili-rer Aibion-o8 M ft lumber.
CoaulUe Klver-185 tons coal, 2 cs e^iis, 10 bal-.i
flannels, 4 pKBS household goods, 4 pumps. 3 bdis
rnmber 116 cs broom handles, 1 bdl furs, 7 bols
fish. lox medicine, 1 Odl carpe., 50 poles, 4 pkgs
stores, 1 bx mdse. -
1 Consignees.
. -• ■ ■'•"'•■.■ it ■' '•" '■
per Mohican— Williams, Dlmond A Co; Welch
*lNsr Albion— Bandon Woolen-mills: J S Kimball;
Wellman. Peels .« v. o: Dods;«». Sweeney A Co: J O
Crane- WAJ SloaneACo: Tillmann ABendel; T
j Golden: Mac * Co: (Standard Oil Co; > Bloom
A >on- McDonald A McK«-nnon; J Veylone.
Per Point Arena— Dennlson <£ Wilson: Herman
Waldeck: W B Sumner A Co: C X Whitney Act:
Boss* Hewlett; Rohlffs AGerdau; FBHalght: J
C Olson; Martin. Feuster A Co: De Bernardl A Co :
American Union Fish Co; Norton, Teller i Go; O
a Olson ; Standard Oil Co: Golden Gate f&nc ; (.has
Berg.
Per Gipsy— Standard Oil Co : Evelethifc Nash: O
W Ohlson it Sou: Berlin A L»porl: M D Kant.: E
H Sheldon: N Ohlnndt & Co; Norton, Teller «fc Co:
Cal Bottling Co; Goldberg, Bowen A Co: MD Kant:
McPhers:>n <& Kuc^ir: Herman Joost; Berge* A
10; Dairymen's Union ; I Dodge, Sweeney & Co: ' a.
W Fink: Hills Bros: Milan! & Co ; U. Cowell A Co:
Chas Harley A Co; Wheaton, Breon A Co; Mll.er
& son ; L. Scaivnit A ' o: Lv Sresovlch A Co: J M
Fettlgrew; Wellman, Peclt&Co; Wolf A son: Auk
Scheti*'!; C Carpy A Co: American Biscuit Co: J
Wlshtman Jr; Moore A Hunt: U it Smith A Co;
B Frappoll: Se<>Eelken A Buclner: Gets Bros A Co;.
Pires A yes; Tlllmann A Bendel.. " ■
Per Coos Bay— Illlmer, BredhoiT A Schulx; G C
Zaiser; Gray Barbleri : 1.."v1, Strauss & Co; >on
BrtM; r. «' Frederlcicson; Whit> S-wtntt Machine
Co: Lev! Spiegel ACo: Yucca Boot soap Co; Win
duff A Co: i ivancovicn & co: V Gamier it Co: J
licmftrt in Ai o: SH Frank ACo II irN Bios;
Lev! Spieeel A Co.. Spring Valley Water Co: Sun
set. Seed and Plant Co : KnierpiUe Brewery; Por
ter Bro-: M Kalish A Co; W 0 Price A Co: Truna
be'l A Bee jc: Am.-ricau Tv pc founJry; I..l\iii -
ston A Co: Sunset Telephone and Telegraph Co:
511 Frank A Co: C X Whitney A Co: Porter Bros
6 Co: l;lna do Brot: Wetmore Bro*: Wlckson A
Co: W C Price * Co; D E Allison &Co: staie Min
ing Bureau: ■ J Ivancovicu &Co: Wllzel <£ r;alcer;
M T Freltas A Co; American Union Fish Co: H II
sutil'T & LO: Dodge, Sweeney A Co: Mack &Co:
Ingleorook Vine, ard Co; Garcia A Magcinl: X
Fillipo. H Clifton: J It lii{U2lia A Co: chaix A
Barnari; Labor Kxchanse: Wm Cline; II Kirch
mann: Koss A Hewlett: A Paladtal: J B Ins»u lia:
Wheaton. ar«ion A Co: Hills Bros: WC Price Co;
MT Freitas A Co: Wellman, Peck A Co : Chicago
Brewery: Western Meat Co; - F B HaUht; xrctlc
Oil Works; Marshall, Tegcart it Co : F A Co:
Chas Montgomery A Co; 11 Heck man A Co; W C
Price A Co; H Meyer: W li Sumner A Co : A Wyss:
OB Smith A Co: Dairymen's Union: J Hoffman:
Gets Bros A Co; De Bernard! A Co: Mack. A Co; H.
Camlltz: Blssinger A Co; Standard Oil Co ; Nor
ton, Teller & Co; U Moyer.BOUNDARIES OF
GREATER OAKLAND
Annexation League Gets
Down to Practical
Figuring.
Advantages of the Scheme Set
: • •• . • Forth in Intelligent
Shape.
M ny Facts Submitted Which the
Taxpayers Are A&ked to
Consider-
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,)
9UB Broadway, Feb. 25. j
The anuerioniss are mating a very de
termined effort to gain their point, and
the boundaries of the territory which they
are anxious should become a part of tie
city of Ojkland have been determined.
They are us follows:
Commencing at the- northern line of Oak
■ifndCUy h mmJary with tne Emeryville D.s
triot; tlieuce northerly to Temescai Creek,
along >«: 1 Emeryville line; thence westerly,
following 'lcmescul Creeit to Teuth street;
thence northerly along Tenth street to Berke
ley line; thence following said Berkeley line
10* Adeline street; :hence southerly kiting
.Adeline street to Meulo street; thence easi
er y along Menlo street to Snaitucfc avenue;
thence, northeasterly to Telegraph avenue;
thence northerly to Racine street; thence
northerly along Kaciue sreet 150 feet
north of Peiousa; thence easterly to junc
tion of Coilege avenue and Claremoni;
thence southerly 200 feel; thence easterly to
northern boundary lines of the Ainswortb
..-:y; thence southerly 150 feet east of
Broadway.; tnence souther. y along said lineoi
Broadway to Sta3.rd street; tnence In an
easterly direction io Roman Catholic Ceme
tery-fence, a^ong said fence to southwesterly
corner of said fence; tience following the line
ot Piedmont Sanitary Diatric; No. 1 to the city
limits.
AH o; Golden Gate, Temescal and a portion
,oi Peralta ne included is this. Claremont,
B : 'uiti of Akatraz avenue, Piedmont Sanitary
District No. 2 and part of Linda ViKia also
.come within the ralius. The excluded sec
t ons are the Adeline Saniiarv Di-titet. the
McKee and Poirier tracts and Piedmout Sani
tary District No. 1.
.The Annexation League Issued a state
ment this atternoon for the ourpose of
sli-owi nt; what effect Greater Oakland will
have on the annexed territory. It says:
As the question of annexation of all the
northern suburbs of Oakland is now before the
pcop.e we are anxious that you should g.ve
the matter your earnest attention and c^re
fuil-y weigh the following fact>:
If annexed lo the city of Oakland you do not
haVe to pay a road tax. Ins'ead of paying a
state and county tax o: $1 3© you will pay a
Mate and county tax of but 97 cents. The ex
tra 33 cent-* you now pay mostly goes into the
, Reneral :und. The largest portion of this gen
erai tnud is used on the roads at the o her end
oi the county.
Tlie average rate of taxes in Oakland for the
r.-i-t sixteen yea:s fans been $1 on the $100.
As thedistrict proposed to be a nexed w:li not
Le responsible orcailed on to pay any portion of
the present bonus, interest or indebtedness of
Oak ai.d tne rate iv the annexed district will
. .be bat 82 eenis i>d the if 100. this added to the
S'.aie and county tax ins de of corporations
•will make a total tax oi $1 79 on the $100 tor
city .county. Staie Rnd ro..»i tax. Only 49 cents
on tiie $100 more thai; your i resent tuxes.
The ad vantages that will ioiiow annexation
are:
The free use of Oakland's general system of
Bewers. Wmle the Piedmont Sanitary District
. paid out $7000 lor the use oi one outlet, ana
I. l\- n sanitary tax to-day of 80 centa on the
$100.
Ine free use of the schools of Oakland;!
$4200 j.a:a iast year by residents of the Dro
postd annexed district for tuiuoa lees to Oak
land.
A general system of electric lighting, police
and fire-a arm e'.efcreph.
The extension ol the Oakland Fire Depart
ment. Oue of the very best in the United
Btate°, becording to the insurance returns.
Reduction t:i water rates, according' to the
fixed charges of Oak. and.
Reduction in fire msurance rates and rates
of interest on loaus.
A regular free mail delivery and collection
of mull at regular hours.
Free use ol books of the Oakland Free
Library and free reading rooms.
Extension of the Oakland Police Depart
ment, saving expense oi specials.
The tight to organiz ■ tax districts, for the
.purpose ot putting in new sewers, where it Is
• . cot desired to pay for the same an at once.
■If annexed ;o Oakland, you will nave no
road tax to pay.
You do not nave to Day for, nor are you
liable for any of the presentdebts, bonds or in
t-'rest owing by Oakland.
Yon cannot be compelled to do street work
or put down sidewalks unless a majority of
the property-owners petition for and desire
the same.
Bewera are only put down as the demands of
the tie ghborhood rtquire them, while in hanl
tary districts the custom has been to sewer
everything in sight. Whole farms have been
fewered, so mat when the owners come to lay
out street* mucn of the work wi;i have to be
. -done over agein.
THE POLITICAL POT.
Good Officers Benoinlnated Without
Opposition— The Fight Centered in
the Board of Irustees.
ALAMEDA. Cal., Feb. 25.— The politi
cal situation here is curious. The unex
reeled strength shown by Lam bom's
friends at Harmonic Hall, where tney ex
pectea to see Ballentine have his own way,
has put Lamborn stock away up. Roswell
G. Wheeler did not make an active canvas
for tne nomination at either convention,
as he was sick with the grip, and yet he
was the overwhelming choice of both con
ventions.
. The incumbents in the City Clerk's,
Treasurer's, Recorder's and Marshal's
(i!kes will virtually have no opt osiuon.
Each has made a good record, and the
citizens, outside of some politicians, are
sa'istied to leave eood enough alone.
City Attorney Taylor will liave a good
chance to wor* lor his position, as R. B.
. Toppan has a host of friend?. They will
■work for his election until ttie polls close
on election day.
The tight has centered on the Board of
Trustees and if the bill now before the
Legislature Decomes a law the Library
•Trustees, Cy Brown and R. V. Van Voor
heis, are generally conceded the office of
School Trustee?. Jonn Brick seem- to be
about the only man sure of his seat in the
City Trustees.
A Musicals.
ALAMEDA. Cal., Feb. 25— Invitations
have been issued for a mil icale at Ander
son's Academy to-morrow evening. No
admisr.on is charged, but the affair is only
for the invited guests. The best talent
has been secured. Following are the num
bers-and performers selected :
Piano duet, "Spanish Dance." Misses Mast
and Smith; tenor solo, 'My Dearest Heart,"
Dr. Gilbert F. Graham; piano »010, "Im
promptu," op. 90, No. 4, Mlks Gussie Mast;
violin solo, "Twenty-second Concerto With
< adenza," Miss Bessie Fuhrer; piano solo,
"The Nun and the FountHin," Miss Lily Smith;
tenor solo, "My Dream," Dr. Gilbert F. Gra
ham; violin solo, "Butterflies," Miss Bessie
Kuiirer; soprano solo, "Jewel Song" (from
Koußt), Miss GussJe Mast; piano solo, "Valse
Brilliant," op. 3, Frank 8. Norman.
The Woman* Argument,
• OAKLAND, Cal., Feb. 25.— A woman
• who was making a disturbance in a lower
Broadway 1 dging-uouse ibis morning
silenced me landlord's opposition to-day
with a blow from a water bucket that laid
his. scalp open for two inches. It took
four stitches to close the wound. She was
using profane language when the landlord
' tried to quiet her and received the wound
for his trouble.
Her Varied Experience!.
OAKLAND, Caj*, Fen. 25.— Mrs. Mary
B. Evans died at the County. Infirmary of
heart disease. She was past 67 years of
ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
age and had had quite an experience in
life. Her husban i died about ten years
ago. They at one time kept a resort at
Adams Point. About the time the hus
band died a bank faii d and she lost all of
her savings. About the Ist of December
she claimed to have been thrown by a car
starting while she was alighting and she
had three ribs broken.
CHARGED WITH INSANITY.
Samuel Spncknian, 'Who Disappeared
1 ast Fall, Is Said to Km Insane
. Owing to an Accident,
OAKLAND, Cal., Feb. 25. — Samuel
Speckman of 724 Feralta street •was locked
up to-day and a charge of insanity pre
ferred by Mrs. Ellen Mulvey, a neighbor,
who claimed to fear for her life while he
was at iar.'e.
Speckman, while working at the race
track last fall, was struck on the head
with a timber. Shortly afterward he dis
appeared and was mi-sing several weeKs,
but was found in Berkeley. He claims to
be worth $150,000. He is a carpenter and
has little property.
Local Greek War.
OAKLAND. Cal., Feb. 25.— A. Theodosi,
a young Greek ot this city, was in the Po
-1 te Court to-day charged with battery by
PeterLingbehn. He ;>ie:id d not guilty and
will be tried March 3. Theodosi had pone
to Meep at his fruitstand when the plain
tiff stole an appl< and threw it at a nearby
bootblack, 'ihe row awoke the Greek and
he denounced his t rmentors. Even after
he was paid a nickel for the ai p'e he
wanted to fight and it was not until Officer
Carson took him away that he would de
sist.
Father Tork^'s Lecture.
OAKLAND, Cal., Feb. 25.— Father P. C.
Yorke wiil reoly to Koberi F. Coyle's re
cent lecture on "What Liberty Owes to
Rome" to-morrow evening. The aidress
will be made a: the Macdonougb Theater,
his subject being, "The Catholic Church
the Fortress oi Lberty." The proceeds
will be given to Company N, League of
the Cross.
CELEBRATION POSTPONED
Berkeley Students Will Hold
Their Jubilee To-
Morrow.
Press of Duties at the Capital Will
Keep the Legislative Guests
at S. cramento.
BERKELEY, Cal., Feb. 25.— A post
ponement of the proposed ceiebration at
the State University in honor of the State
legislators, in having passed the 1-cent
tax bill, increasing the revenue of the
university, nas been found necessary on
account of the inability of the Governor,
his staff and most of the legislators to be
present at the time firs; decided upon.
Instead of bung bela to-morrow afternoon
it will tnke place on Saturday.
The change of date was determined
upon this afternoon at a meeting of the
Associated Srjdents. A dit-patch came
this morning from the Governor, staling
that the press of duties of the two legisla
tive Dodies and the reception of the As
sembly to-morrow evening would prevent
the presence at Berkeley of a considerable
number.
The programme for the dny has met
with only a sii^ht change from that orig
inally announced. Instead of the Gov
ernor and party being met at the station
by a military escort, they will be greeted
by the stu tents without a formal display.
After a general reception the guests will
be entertained at luncheon by tne various
fraternities. At 1 o'ciccic the military ex
ercises and grand review will take place,
a:ter which the speeches will occur.
"Schoolinniter Whackr in. "
BERKELEY, Cal., Feb. 25.— Fifty or
more of Berkeley's most prominent citi
zens and society ladies have turned Thes
pians for to-morrow night to participate
in the presentation of the "Crossroads
School" for the Associated Chanties.
Among those who will participate are:
President Boone of the Board of Education,
Judge Lord, Principal Waterman, Dr. Thomas
Addison; A. W. Naylor, casnier of tue Com
mercial Uank; Pinlo Mills, J. L Barker, A. H.
Broad, Joseph McClain, Mrc. William Keith,
Mrs. J. M. toy, Mrs. M. K. Blake, Mrs. Clarence
Merrill, Mrs. Dr. Reifer, Mrs. Helen Chase and
Mrs. H. H. Hu=sey.
Want Better Order.
BERKELEY, Cal.. Feb. 25.— The Town
Board has requested the Southern Pacific
Company to employ a larger force oi em
ployes on the Berkeley local in order to
put into effect its rules. Since the estab
lishment of the racecourse at Emeryville
repeated complaints have been entered,
especially by ladies, against the conduct
of some of trie passengers to and lrom
Emeryville. Tne racetrack crowd seems
to be beyond the control of the present
train officers. Complaints have been en
tered against smoking in the passenger
coaches and other annoyances, to which
the attention of tiic railroad company has
been called by the Town Trustees.
Republicans Organize.
BERKELEY, Cal., Feb. 25.— The Re
publican central Committee lor the com
ing municipal election was organized lust
evening at Odd Fellows' flail with the
following officers: Chairman, Paola Salis
bury; vice-chairman, G. A. Schuster; sec
retary, E. O. Priest; treasurer, E. Q. Tur
ner. W. P. Thayer, who was nominated
at the convention for Library Trustee,
withdrew his name and F. F. Connor was
put up in his place.
Debate Preliminaries.
BERKELEY, Cax., Feb. 25.— The pre
liminary debates for the intercollegiate
contest will begin on March 10. The sub
ject selected by th« University of Cali
fornia is:
Buolved, That each member of the Cabinet
should have a voice and a beat in Congress.
Stanford has the choice of sides, but has
not yet made the selection.
V. C. -Olympic Baseball.
BERKELEY, Cal., Feb. 55.-The Uni
versity ol California and Stanford base
ball nines will have their first game of
the season together on the Berkeley dia
mond next Saturday afternoon at 3
o'clock.
Roarsburg will pitch and Wheeler will
catch lor Berkeley.
Will Resign as Trustee.
BERKELEY, Cal., Feb. 25.— Captain
John Gage, Trustee ol the First Ward, has
tendered fcis resignation to the Town
Board on the ground of ill-health. A
committee consisting of President Rich
ards and Trustee William Carey Jones
has betn appointed to urge the with
drawal of his resignation. His regular
term of office does not expire for about
two years.
Dr. Alger Coming.
BERKELEY, Cal., Feb. 25.— William
R. Aicer, tue noted Boston divine who is
to fill the pulpit of the Berke.ey Unitarian
Bociety for several months to come, is ex
pected to arrive in Berkeley to-morrow.
He will preach his first sermon next Bun
day. _
That Street-Speaking Ordinance.
OAKLAND, Cal., Feb. 25.— A. F. Strong
Hamilton was arrested yesterday foi
speaking on the street-corner without a
permit. He demanded a jury trial to-day
ana the case was set for March 3. He fa a
socialist of the most pronounced tyne and
is a student of llerr Most and Maurice
Groniund.
TO CUBE A COLD IN ONE DAT.
Take laxative BromoQuiuine Tablets. All drug
gi*u> reluud the mwaey U 1 1 laiit> to cv«%
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 26, 1897.
INDORSING HAS
BECOME A FARCE
The Anti-Saloon Movement
Is a Matter of Grave
Speculation.
A Campaign of Diplomacy
Rather Than Oce of
Oratory.
Many Candidates Preserve Silence
and in This Respect They
Are Wisr
Oakland Office San Fbancisco Call, )
908 Broadway, Feb. 25. )
Every night for the past two weeks
various organizations — some of them per
manent, bat most of them temporary —
have been making "indorsements" of can
didates. To such an extent has this in
dorsing process been carried that the man
who can place a value in votes of the
various indorsements is indeed brilliant.
In many wards small clubs have been
organized for '"good government only"
and have made indorsement;, though
what strength they give their favorite
candidates is problematical. In fact, the
matter of indorsing has become * perfect
farce in this campaign.
Indorsements have been made by th«
Good Roads Association, the Municipal
Labor League. Municipal Leaeue, Tax
payers' Convention, American Protective
Association, the Union Lea tie Club, the
League of Labor and various so-called
"cood-government" clubs. As these in
dorsements are about equally scattered, it
is easily seen that the value of one, if it
have any value, is naturally nullified by
the action of another. Never were there
so manr piece clubs and one-man organ
izations a* at present.
The outcome of the movement inau
gurated at the meeting of citizens yester
day at tlie F.rst Presbyterian Church is
being watched with great interest. A
committee of fourteen ate at work and it
is expected that to-morrow tie? will an
nounce their nlan of campaign against
the saloons. N*>xt Sunday nearly every
pulpit in Oakland will be devoted for *
portion of the day to the baioon-closing
Rev. S. Goodenougfh Fears He
May Have Too Many Friends.
advocacy, and an attempt will be made tc
secure the co-operation of the Catholic
clergy in the campaign against the sa
loons.
Another noticeable feature is the per
sistency with which the Populists nre
pursuing their hopeless cause. It was
I practically demonstrated last November
that in this county, and especially i:i Oak
land, Populism was on the decline, and it
certainly has not made any great ad
vances since then. The candidates, how
ever, are very tanguine, and among the
most confident is A- A. Bretz, who -at
tained Fome no: oriety in the last Assem
bly. Mr. Bretz is making as active a can
vass as though he were as sure of election
as Auditor Snow or Treasurer Gilpin. If
I persistency wou!d win any cause, then
Mr. Bretz would bit in the next Council;
but Oakland politics co by tits and starts,
and Mr. Bretz' chances are about equal to
tbn*e of many others on his ticket.
F. R. Girard is as happy as be was four
years ago when making a winning fight
for School Director. This time r>e is anx
ious io fill a seat in the Council, and ho
declares that ho is as popular in the Sec
ond Ward as ever. Mr. Girard makes no
pretension any longer to being a Republi
Ex-S:hool Director Girard Declares
A 1 His Old Friends Are Now
With Him.
can, and during the last National cam .
pau-n he was an ardent supporter of Mr
Bryan. But now he is making an inde
pendent run and claims nearly every vote
in the Second Ward. There are others
who think Mr. Girar 1 is a little too san
guine, but they cannot induce him to look
at things in their way. .
This campaign is remarkably devoid of
Ex- Assembly man Bretz Cheerfully
Follows a Lost Cause*
oratory. Judging by the caliber of the
average candidate's speech, all efforts to
arouse enthusiasm must have been ex
rended prior to last November. If there
be an orator on any of tne tickets be cas
noi yet declared hims-lf. B. C. Cuvellier
hold's the attention of his audience by
telling of the little American flag that is
at the foot of his boy's bed, so that ne may
see it at me beginning and close of the
day. Mr. Heitman prides himself that be
has always been a Republican and assures
his hearers that if only a majority will
vote for him he will be elected.
Mr. "Billy" Waikinson smiles at his
audience, which smile is always returned,
thanks them for their courtesy and retired
still smiling. Will Pringle apologizes for
not being ten years older than he is, and
the audience cordial y accepts his apol
ogy. Mr. Dow "modestly refrains" from
tinnpr his audier.ee and" h s modesty is
always appreciated. Rev. X Gooiienough
generally deliviiM some *ood Populistic
doctrine, but as his particular political
creed is not fashionable just now, it is dif
ficult to tell bow a large audience would
receive them.
Mayor Davie has not yet spoken a word
in puDilc and has declared that he will
not do so. Mr. Seth Mann talked an hour
at the Tabernacle the other night, but
whether hi- speech benefited him or not
will be Known on the evening of March 8.
A. C. Henry has a little meeting every
nipht in his own headquarters, his friends
for him, and the littie campaign on
Ninth street is as much a mystery as ver.
Captain W. R. Thomas has been held by
tbe grip since tbe campaign started and
has not been able to leave his bouse yet,
although it is hoped that he will appear in
public before election day.
Mr. Goodenoueh is a li. tie perplexed. It
was rumored last nicht that the anti
saloon party were going to indorse him
for Mayor. Mr. Goodenougb thinks that
it is necessary to have more votes tuan
those of any one particular element to in
sure success, and as he want-< to be suc
cessful, he would rather have the ordinary
friendship of every party than the osten
tatious good will of any particular eleniaut.
ALLABDT- BELLOWS.
Nuptials of Well-Known Young People
Celebrated Last Evening.
OAKLAND, Cal., Feb. 25.— The wed
ding of Miss Gertrude Bellows of
Lodi and Frederick Allardt of this City
was celebrated last evening at tbe resi
dence of Mrs. L. M. Buck, 929 Adeline
street. There were about sixty guests
present, including a number from Sacra
mento, Stockton, Lodi and Vacaville.
The Rev. Robert Ritchie of St. Paul's
Episcopal Church was the officiating
clergyman.
Miss Anna Buck and Miss Lottie Al
lardt were the bridesmaids and were
dressed alike in pink and white, carrying
pink oirnations. The best man was Philip
Carleton, while Andrew Stevenson of
Vacaville and Dr. James Akerly of Oak
land were the ushers. Tbe bride, its white
silk, carrying white carnations, was t>iven
away by her lather, M. Delancy Bellows, a
prominent citizen of Lodi.
Tne Buck residence was beautifully
decorated with sniilax, palms and pink
shades on the chandeliers. Alter a supper
Mr. and Mrs. Alianlt left for a two weeks'
trip south. On their return to Oakland
they will reside at 1128 Chestnut street.
Makes Terrible Threats.
OAKLAND. Cal., Feb. 25.-Mrs. Oleson
of Raymond and Alcatraz avenues threat
ens to kill herself, go insane or do some
thing rash if her daughter is not returned
to her. Her husband is in the insane
esylum, and she !• hardly able to provide
food for herself. Finding bar in this con
dition Mrs. Prescott of the Society for the
Prevention of Cruelty to Children placed
her little girl la the Children's Home at
Te mescal.
Mrs. Oleson has had any amount of
trouble with her neighbors and suffered
from sickness, but everything is forgotten
now and tbe neighbors unite in requesting
Mrs. Prescott to return the child.
Masonic History.
OAKLAND. Cal.. Feb. 25.— Major E. A.
Bherman is engaged in writing wnat is to
be known as "Fifty Years of Masonry in
California." It will soon appear from the
press of Spaulding &Co. of Ban Francisco
in twenty monthly parts at $1 each.
THE PERMANENT SECRETARY.
Charges Preferred Against Him by a
Court of Ancient Order of Foresters.
The executive council of the Ancient
Order of Foresters was in session on
Wednesday and last night in A. O. F.
building lor tbe purpose of inquiring into
charges preferred by Ambrose Marsden,
past chief ranger of Court her wood
Forest, on behalf of the court, against
P rmanent Secretary John Falconer. The
specifications are that the permanent sec
retary was guilty of conduct unbecoming
a Forester in speaking of certain officers
of the Foresters. . The . accused secretary
asserts that while he cannot talk outside
of the order, if he did. say anything
I he was justified in saying what ho did.
EIGHTEEN YEARS
OF SUCCESS
Oakland Y. M. C. A. Mem
bers Listen to Dr.
Munhall
Only Five Per Cent o' Young
Men Profess to Be Church
Members.
Declares It I* Cheaper to Eiucate a
Tooth Than to Hang
Em
Oakland Office San Frajtcisco Call,)
908 Broadway, Feb. 25. J
The Y. M. C. A. entered upoa its nine
teenth year of life to-day.
At the annual meeting Dr. Munhall, the
evangelist, made the address. Some of bis
opening sentences are still interesting hln
hearers and his remarks about the position
of the churches in relation to one another
and to the Y. M. C. A. were somewhat
original.
"We get an idea," said he, "that oar
church is the church. Your church
is the church of man, not the church
of Christ. All these organizations, the
Baptist, Methodist, Presbyterian, Congre
gational, Episcpal and Lutheran cnurch
came into existence by tbe operation of
a law — by the demand of the time". In tbe
urgency of tne hour new organizations
grew out of the old. Not one of them was
the church, else all the others were noth
ing. Each church is accomplishing a work
wnich all the others cannot do, and that
is a sufficient reason for their existence.
"It is much more economical a thou
sand times over to convert a young man
than to tiang him. One of every six of
your population is a young man between
the ages of 14 and 32. With 'he best judg
ment pcs-ible we are forced to conclude
that not more thnn 23 per cent of that
number, which in Oakland would amount
to 10.000, ever darkens the doorway of a
church. Not 10 per cent of this class
habitually attend the services and not
more than 5 per cent are Chris
tians. This clads is more vicious than
any other in Bociety, for statistics reveal
that 75 p*r cent of the criminal popula
tion are the young mon between the aces
I have mentioned.
"In my opinion, he who saves the
young man does the greatest thins on
earth, and the best way to do it is to help
along Young Men's Christian Associa
tion-."
Tbe address closed with an earnest ap
peal to the audience to contribute for the
purpose of defraying the current expenses
of the year and pavine oft the interest on
the mortgage of $133,000 and canceling the
floating debt.
President D. Edward Collins made a re
port which shows that the association is
on a substantial footing, and i.c ur ed
upon thuse present the necessity of indue-
MISS MAMIE STEIN, President of Branch No. 7, V- L. I
ing young men to join the association and
take advantage of tbe unusual opportuni
ties that it offers for educationaland phy
sical development.
CHARGES OF BRIBERY
Rumors That Attempts Were
Made to Fix the City
Committee.
Tbe Oak'and Grand Jury Investigat
ing a Most Sensational
Story.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,)
90S Broadway, Feb. 25. )
A sensation has been sprung in local
politics by tbe inquiry of the Grand Jury
to-day into the charges of bribery that
were made so freely while tbe committee
of twenty-one was preparing for the Re
publican city convention.
The charges were somewhat indefinite
and were pun.ishrd in tbe Enquirer. The
particular portion of the article that
caused the present investigation is as fol
lows:
When the scheme o( turning the power of
the city committee to got up a municpai con
vention over to twenty-one citizens was
launched so suddenly there was surprise that
any politicians should be so ready to relin
quish their power, aud an ugly whisper want
around tuat Frank Moffitt had been tampering
with the city committee. But this was denied,
and tbe seemingly knockdown argument ad
vanced: "Look at tbe character of the twenty
one selected. Does any bod; think a single one
of these men would do an thing out of the
way or be under doubtful influences?"
The character of the members of the com
mittee of twenty-one stopped the rum»ts and
suspicions, and, had nothing more developed,
all would navt- been well. No one questioned
tbe motives of tbe twenty-one and no one does
so to-day. If they drop the movement, as it is
now practically certain they will, It will be
double proof that they went in and came out
cle n handed and clean minded.
A few days ago three members of the Dem
ocratic City Committee reported mat Mofflu
had made o fliers of money in differen t amounts
to hire them to dehgate the power of the com
mittee to a committee of citisens who snould
appoint delegates to a convention. In other
words, Moffitt was trying to hire the Dem
ocratic committee to do just what the Repub
lican committee did. This discovery started
suspicion hot-foot after .he facts with regard
to tbe origin of the Republican movement.
For good reason* It cannot ba stated
Auction Balee
CBAS. LEVY & CO., AUCTNIESIi I
b»leiroomi- lisa Market a tree:.
TKlo DAY,
Friday... February 20, 1897,
At 10 o'clock a. v.. at >alt*!irooai.
1135 JIAUKIiT ST.. bet. 7tn ami Bth.
WE WILL SELL
AN EXKOANT LINK Olr FURNITURE,
Carpel*, stoves and ..ang's Crocker?, Glass-
ware; 1 Natioial > ash KegUter. .
J « ii 1H LEVY <« CO.. ,\nctlon<"»rv
here what was discovered, bat enough
was found out to show that the . be
ginning of the business v. us as bad
as bad could be and that Frank Moffitt acted
as midwife to (leaver the Republican City
Committee of the movement to appoint dele
gates through a committee of twenty-one.
There could "be no doubt about the crooked
—the rank corruption— of trie scheme on
the part of at least some of the members of tne
City Committee.
To-day R. C. Wagner, Republican com
mitteeman from the First Ward was before
the Grand Jury and asked for time in
which to prepare any statement he wished
to make. His wish was granted and he
will be neard in a lew days. Wajrner is
said to be the man to whom $250 was of
fered if be would run for Councilman
from bis ward.
Frank A. Leach, the proprietor and ed
itor of the E quire r, vras also before the
Grand Jury and was asked to tell the
source of his information. He declined to
do so, saying that as he was a newspaper
man he considered all such information
as confidential and not to be given to the
public.
Con Brosnahan, chairman of the Demo
cratic City Central Committee, was also
before the Grand Jury, as be is supposed
to be one of the three mentioned in the
article. Frank £. Parcells, Republican
candidate for Councilman lrom the F fth
Ward, Rod Church and Frank H. Robin
son, editor of Echoed, were also examined.
K.l i or Robinson published an item last
week that Wagner hod told him of being
approached. .Mr. ,Mollit denied the story
at tbe time, but be has not yet been called
before the Grand Jury.
Mr. Moffitt sa:d to-night that the so
calle I charges had been investigated by
the committee of the committee of twenty
one, who ignored them and went ahead
under the leadership of Dr. George Par
dee and appointed d- legates to the con
vention. ______________
YOUNG LADIES' INSTITUTE
Branch No 7 Gives a Pleasing
Entertainment in Native
Sons' Hall.
A Fine Programme f Instrumental
Music, S ng and Recitation Was
Followed by Dancing-
There was a large gathering of the
friends of Branch No. 7 of the Young La
dies' Institute in the main hall of the Na
tive Sons' building last evening to enjoy
the entertainment pr vided by the branch
and take part in the dance that followed.
The programme had been prepared
under the supervi-ion of the committee of
arrangements, composed of Miss M. Stein
(chairman). Miss Mary Daly, Mrs. George
Richardson. Miss Mary Mogan, Mrs. W.
F. Greany, Miss Maggio Dillon and Mrs.
J. £. Kentzell.
The first number on the programme was
a comic song by Master Louis Isaacs, and
was followed by a recitation by Miss Char
lotte Canty. Other numbers were as fol
lows: Song, J. Wideman ; vocal solo, Miss
Maggie Murphy; song, William Ogiivie;
vocal solo, Miss ilollie Rode; barytone
solo, Jules Geiz; piano solo, Miss M.
Stein ; the boy tenor, Watt Keefe.
The number presented by Miss Stein,
the president of the branch, wr.s pro
nounced oy those competent to judge a
very fine performance in which the young
lady displayed remarkable proficiency.
Th»»a followed dancng under direction
of J. F. Comyns, floor manager, rs«i*ted
by the following named floor committee:
T. Moniban, J. Looney, George Richard
son, Ed McDevitt, William Keogh, W. F.
Greanv.
Tho ■officers of this branch are: Mrs. J.
E. Kentzell, past president; Mamie Stein,
president; Celia Yon ng, first vice; Mary
Daly, second vice; Hannah Fiizpn trick,
recording secretary ; Maggie Dillon, finan
cial secretary; Mrs. T^ewis, treasurer;
Josie Shea, marshal. The hall was hand
somely decorated.
• — » •
STANPOED AGAINST PIUTES.
Game to Be Played at Central Park
Saturday. '
The university baseball team of Stanford
will meet the Pinte braves at Central Park
Saturday afternoon, when the greatest
game of the season is promised.
' The Stanford boys are practicing hard
under Coacher Lang's tutelage. There
are some strong players on the university
nine. The contest will not be tame.
The following is the iine-up:
Plates. Pos tlon. Stanford*.
Mutes : Catcher C. Mrobm
Aquatrm Pitcher...;... BecKett
Spilt. a First Das& ..Young
Chicicws ..Second base Jeffs
ClatUwa Third b\«e......... Sharp
AV15b0n..... ......... Shortstop..... Loughead
Zubl* Left field wight
Daubace Center field .Freeman
I Dahn.. Right fluid. (Capt.) Thompson
CASTORIA
For Infants and Children. 7
Vl* to* jf
Ilßllt Sim ssir* „ "* •*••
GROCERIES AID LIQUORS.
THIS DAT, FIUU.VY,
Febniar- '.'6. 1837, at 11 o'clock a m.,
iv , lo *7 Market >t.. Opposite Jones.
« c 111 s»ll a large assortment of groceries of the
Choicest v riety, ala . all counters a:.d rix:urea re-
moved from the store of Vt-unekohl Bros., -jlmO a,
fine line of Hq--ors, both barrel and bottle goods.
INDIANA AUCTION COJIP.vNY.
11. J. liRUTBOIiTZ, Aacsloieer.
1057 Market St.. opp Jones.
X. B.— On Saturday, February 27. we will sell nil
furniture, fixtures, etc, In store toclo3e business.
ELEGAST RESTAURUT,
THIS DAY (FRIDAY), AT II A.M.,
712 KEARNY ST NEAR CLAY.
FRANK W. BUTTERFIELD. Auctioneer.
t>o2 Mar^-e str-et.
INSTRUCTIVE LECTURES.
Pro'essor Hilgard Discourses
Upon And and Alkali
Soils.
Dr. Koebij Show. That California Can
Beat the Wcrld in the Beet
Sugar Industry.
Edward F. Ad^ms presided over tbe last
of the second session of the Fanners'
Institute belli last evening in the Acade
my of Sciences Hall. He sp ke of the
City Farmers' Institute as a sort oi experi
ment which so far seems to be a success,
an«l added that out of these gatherings
th^re are good piospec;s of a San Francis
co farmers' club being formed. All that
is required is a little money for current
expenses.
Those who live in the City and own or
are interested in farms in various part 3of
the State will be greatly benefited by what
can be learned in the line of experiments
carried on either with or independent of
the experiments mnde under the direc
tion of the State University professors.
He hoped that the club would soon or
ganize and be a success.
The last of the institute lectures was
(riven by Professor E. W. Hilgard and Dr.
Julius Koebig. Professor Hilgard's sub
ject was "ArU and Humid Lands and the
Alkali Problem."
The oroiessor cave an interesting dis
course upon the results of the experiments
made at the State's experimental stations
near Chino and in Tulare County. The
most stubborn of the chemicals in these
so;ls can be bandied it the farmers only
knew how to go to work.
Dr. Julius Koebip's subject was "Cali
fornia as a Competitor In the Sugar Mar
ket." He said that this subject is attract
in;; much attention from all classes. It is
well known that this State can produce
excellent suear beets, but the people have
not taken to this industry as they should,
and the reason is the fear of competition
from European beet-sugar producers and
tbe sugar produced in the tropics from
tbe sugar cane.
Oakland's Candidate.
OAKLAND, Cal., Feb. 25.— Dr. D. D.
Crouley of this city is a candidate for
membership of the State Board of Health.
•^"V Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
fljjgi^ 025 KEAiIXT ST. Established
HMrmln 1854 for the treatment of Private
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
62OKEABXTKT. Established
in 1854 for the treatment ol Privato
piseayt'R, Lost Manhood. Debility or
■agjgaac^a disease wearing on bodyand mind and
QtaMsßlffiß^ Skin Diseases. Thedoctorcnreswhen
others fall. Try him. Charges low.
Cormcoarantrrd. Call or write.
iir. J. V. «ilßßOJ(.BoKitfS7.S«aFranclaca
OCEAN TRAVEL.
—
PACIFIC COASrjTE^SDIP CO.
STEAMERS LEAVE BROADWAY AgJL
wharf, San Francisco, as follows: JEfEsE
For Mary Island, Lorlng, Wrangel, Juneau, Ktl-
llsnoo and Sitka (Alaska), at 8 a. m. March 12.
17. 22. 27.
For Victoria and Vancouver (B. C), Port Town-
send, Seattle, Tacoma, Everett, Anacortes and
New W aicom (Belllncham Bay, Wash.), 9 a. it
Mar 2, 7, 12, 17, 22, 27 and every fifth day there-
after, connecting at Vancouver with the C. P. K.
X., at Taroma with N. P. R. R., at Seattle with U.
N. Ky., at Port Townsend with Alaska steamers.
For I .ureka. Area 1 a and Fields Landing (Hum-
boldt Bay), str. Pomona 2 P. it., March 1, 5,9, 13,
17, 21. 25, 29 and every fourth day thereafter.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey, San Simeon, Cayucos,
Port Harfcrd (San J uls Obispo), Gavlota, Santa
Barbara, Ventura, Hueneme, ban Pedro, East Saa
Pedro (Los Angeles) and Newport, at 9 a. it
Mar h 3, 7, 11, 15, 19, 23, 27, 31 and every fourth
day thereafter.
For san Diego, stopping only at Port Harrort
(San Luis Obispo), t-auta Barbara, Port Los An-
feles. Kedondo (Los Angeles) and Newport, 11
a.m. Men. 1,5, 9, 13, 17, 2 1, 25, 29 and every fourth
day thereafter.
For Ensenada, San Jose del Cabo. Ma/.allan, La
Paz and ay in as (Mexico), steamer Orizaba, 10
A. m. 25th of each month.
'i he Company reserves the right to change with-
out previous notice steamer*, sailing dates and
hours of sailing. Ticket . office— Palace Hotel, 4
New Montgomery street.
GOODALL, PERKINS 4 CO., Gen'l Agents,
- - 10 Market st., San Francisco.
THE O. R. & N. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO r - :
PORTLAKT DD>
From Spear-street Wharf, at 10 a. m.
T? \ T?TT/* l3 First-class \ Including
JD Second-class /berth & meals
SCHEDULE OF SAILINGS:
State of California Feb. 27. Mar. 9. 19, 29
Columbia Mar. 4, 14, 14,
Through tickets and through baggage to alt
Eastern points. Bates and folden upon applica-
tion to " ".' : - • -
F. F. CONNOR. General Agent.
■J.Zl' :'■'•■ 630 Market street.
GOODALL, PERKINS 4 CO.. Superintendents
fuMHUMI S.K AUSTRALIA for
?tt ffiRIC HONOLULU onlr,
:•»■■■■■•» Tuesday, M re i 23,
U"■ ~. . at 2p. m. Special party
Ta.^^l • \ rates.
>}wnrchin ihe >*. & alamkd.i
C)lCdlliJll!^ w ' B alis via HONOLULU
/Rmpi/tniL, and AUCKLAND foe
VjJlipUtwp SYDNEY, Thursday,
v arch 4, at 2 p. «.
LlnetoCOOLQ ARDIE, Aust.,andCAPETOWX
Booth Africa.
J. XX BPRECKELS * BROS. CC Agents.
. 114 Montgomery strea.
Freight Office, 327 Market st, San Francisco.
COIPAGME GENERAL TRAISATLAI li i
French Line to Havre.
PIKU(NEW),42 NORTH A)Qr
\J River, foot of Morton st. Travelers by ™"*^
this line avoid both transit by English railway an |
the discomfort Of crossing the channel in a small
boat. rVew York to Alexandria, Egypt, via Pan*,
first class 9160. second class $116.
LA CHAMPAGNE Feb. 27, 8:30 A. M
LA I.M.INK M«rch 0. Sac
LA BKETAGNK .March 13. Ba. it
LA N0RMA.VD1K........ M srvil iO, sa. K.
KM" For further particulars apply to
A. FORGET. Agent.
No. 3, Bowling Green. New York.
3. F. FUGAZI & CO., Agents. 6 Montgomery
•vsnue, San Fiancls'Q.
STOCKTON STEAMERS
Leave Pier No. 3, Washington St..
At 6 I*. M. Daily. >'relg he received us
to ■:;*;> P.M.
tRT Accommodations Reserved by Telephone.
■ •iii« ouly liv.- selling through tickets and glvlnf
through freight rates -to all poln.s ou Valla/
lUllr0 * J - STKAMER,: "
T. C. Walker,  • J. D. Peters,
Mary Garratt. ' City of Stockton.
Telephone Main 805. fax. Nay. ai:d lmpt. Oa
F0& TALLEJO AID U. S. lAVY-¥ARBL
• STtAMEB "M«)>TICELLO," ,y i
Pally ex. Saturday & Sue. 10:30 a. it and 4p. ■.
Saiurdavs.v.....'...^... *10:30 a. m.. 4 p. vs.
Sundays.. „ BY. jfe
' . . Landing Mlsston-street Do -tc. Pier i
Telephone Black 261.
•Trip gives 6 hours s:op at Navy-Yard.
FOR SAS JOSE/ LOS GATOS&SASTACRUZ
CTKAMERALVISO LEAVES. PTEB 1 MOV
O uny. Wednesday. Friday, at 10 a. X. Alvisa
Tuesday. Thursday. Saturday, at Bp. v. FreSh.
and Passenger. Fare between Han Francisco in*
Alviso, bOc; to San Jose. 75c, Clay tL lifiurL
1 " ■ ' - ■ ■
1112
THE CARNIVAL
GETS ASSISTANCE
Charles D. G. Gray Will
Co- operate With the
Committee.
Merchants' Association Gives
Indorsement and Will Lend
Support
Meeting of Di;egat?s Frcm the Par
lors of the NatiTe Sons of the
Golden West.
Several important 6<eps in forwarding
■tie carnival project were taken yesterday
by the executive committee in engaging
the interest of two of tho representative
organizations of San Francisco. Early in
the morning a committee consisting of
Messrs. Friedlander, Backus and Haber
called on the Merchants' Association, at
its request, to enlist its aid for the carni
val and secure its indorsement of the pro
ject.
The board of directors cheerfully grapted
the required indorsement and promised
that they would select from amon^ its
members a committee to assist the carni
val committee in its canvass for funds.
Borne time ago the Merchants' Association
voted $100 to the carnival. They supple
meat this now with their moral indorse
ment and as.-is ance.
At the suggestion of the State Develop
ment Society the carnival committee has
engaged the services of Charles de Garmo
Gray, a man of worldwide reputation in
connection with festivals, to act in
conjunction with tho committee to work
out its details and to waKen carnival sup
port among t..e merchants of this City.
The State Development Society is well
acquainted with Mr. Gray's services and
give him the highest form of indorse
.ment. He wili work under the direction
of Carnival Director Friediander and the
executive corumitte".
Colonel John O Byrne, who has been
acting as chaiiman of ih<» finance com
mittee, has been compelled to resign its
duties on account of ill health. The
colonel, however, remains on the commit
tee as one of its vue-presidenis, and will
do all in his power to aid in the work of
pushing the carnival.
At tne unanimous solicitation of the 1
executive committee, at its meeting last j
Wednesday night, Henry S. Martin, grand
treasurer oi the Native Sons, has consented |
to take charge of the canvass for funds. I
Tue committee feels highly gratified at \
obtaining Mr. Martin'B services.
Mission Parlor, N. S. G. W., has called a
meeting of all the delegates from the i
various parlors 10 meet in the library of j
the Native Sons' Hall, on Mason street, i
next Monday evening, March 3 This j
copvention i? cailed for the purpose !
of appointing committees for various de- i
• taiis. The Native Sons will immediately !
start to work like beavers for the beat j
. interests of the carnivaL The programme j
. of the meeting has not yet been decided !
upon, but immediate action will be taken, i
WARDELL IS MARSHAL.
Appointments and Changes Made
by the Board cf Educa
tion.
The So-Callei "Socio cgical lasp ctor"
Not Regarded With Favor by the
School Directors.
At the regular meeting of the Board of
Education Wednesday, Charles L. Bar
rington presiding, the recommendation
of the City Board of Examination to
grant life diplomas of the rammar grade
to Misses Rose V. Claiborne, Ida M. Clay
ton, Louise K. Hanlon, Elizabeth Hitch
ens, Angele C. Karatar, Fanuie Martin,
Annie OConnell, Maggie V. Radford,
Maria M. Rowc, Augusta Reinstein, Jose
phine Saunders, Rose Scheier, Anna E.
Sutherland, Sadie A. Webster and .Mrs.
Isabella CL Woodland was referred to the
Classiri' ation Committee.
Mrs. Cinr,j F. Stark^ and Miss Ida B.
French were awarded caliiornia State
educational dip.omas.
The high school certificate of Miss Mary
M. Cox was renewed.
J. S. Wardeil was elected Census Mar
shal for the current year beginning April
1, 1897.
, A. MacPherson was elected Deputy Cen
sus Ilarsbal for the same term.
James B. Ivory was appointed assistant
messenger to the board.
Mr. Stahle was appointed to replace
Robert Barfh as teacher of physical cul
ture at a reduced salary of $100 a month.
J. P. Sheerin was appointed assistant
storekeeper, of the department, vice Percy
L. King.
Msa [Sophie A. Grote and James H.
Eimmons were elected members 01 the
City Board of Examination for the term of
two years.
Dr. Bunnell. who during his leave of
absence as substitute evening teac'ier
secured the position of as!-i«tant physician
in the City P-eceiving Hospital, was
transferred to the day substitute class.
His leave of absence ends with this
month, when it i* expected he will re
sign as a teacher so as not to hold two
positions under the administration.
J. T. Jones, Janitor of the Horace Mann,
who attempted to shoot Principal O'Con
nor last Thursday.wa* dismissed and Mrs.
Lavelle was appointed in his stead.
Miss Clara A. Adara3 of the day echooi
snbsmute class hns been assigned to the
charge of a class in the Jeffer-on Primary
Sc 001.
. Mr*. L. A. Rich of the evening substi
tute class was elected a regular teacher in
the department and assigned to the charge
of the class of P. L. Weaver Jr., now on
leave of absence from the Lincoln Evening
School. b
Miss Nora Fogarty was assigned to the
new class now forming in the Franklin
Evening School.
■ Having successfully passed the proba
tionary period the following ladies were
elected regular teachers in the depart
ment: Miss J. O'Brien, - Kutro | Primary
School; Miss Mary Mower, Starr' King
Primary School; Miss C. B. Bailey, Emer
son Primary school; Miss Agues M.
Qumn, Columbia Grammar School; Miss
Juliet Sexton, Dudley Stone Primary
Eci.ooi; , Miss M. B. Lalow, Marshall Pri
mary School.
" Dra. McCarthy and Smith were appoint
ed special physicians of. the department
to examine the eyes of the pupils of the
schools and report to the Committee on
Health once a month.
Director Head presented the following
resolution, which was adopted:
Whereas. Senate bill No. 23, known as the
SOUHlogic 1: bill, having passed both houses of
'the Legislature; and whereas, said bill, by its
provisions, allows intrusion and investigation
into the homes and private rights of citizens;
end whereas, it provides lor the expenditures
of public money without any safeguards;
therefore be it
■ Betolved, That his ' Excellency, Governor
James 11. Badd. be requested, In the interest
of the School Department of Sao Francisco,
nnd for the best interests of the citizens oi San
Francisco, to veto the sirid Senate bill No. 28.
Leaceof absence was granted, to Miss
Rose Tonivkins, Miss M. A. Deane, Mise
J. E. Ciark and P. L. Weaver Jr.
COMING TO CALirOENIA.
Probability of a Three Days' Carnival
Before the Great Battle.
"I find that most ot the people who are
coming from the East to attend the fight
at Carson," said General Passenger Agent
Goouman yesterday, "are going to come
on througn to California before they re
turn. This is th- purport of all my ad
vices. In that case California will have
the advantace of getting the larger part
01 the crowd here.
"It is also stated that Manager Stuart
intends to have a three day»' carnival, be
ginning before the fight. I uo not get
t is from Stuart himself, but from one of
the men representing him. He said it
would begin Monday and run through
Tuesday and Wednesday. It is important
that tiie details in reference to the carnival
be known as early as possible in the East,
so that people intending to come may
know in advance how to govern their
movement*."
It is expected the carnival will have
many features, aside from the great tight,
which will make it full of attractions to
many people.
HOTEL AEKIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
Mrs J Stetson, Woodland R M Brown. Colo
H X flellbroii &w, sac F F Rob <fe w. Colo
F H Baker. Ogden D M Dynart, Cuba
J - rcher, Tacoma . W J Wilson, Newcastle
]' A Griffin, Modesto R Har, Sac
J Birmingham. Towles a Page. Denver '
H Hill, Jjenv^r T May & w, N V
B F Horton <t w, Mich G A Small. Chicago
F B Woods.L Anseles G <>rcu t& w, lowa
X II More, t. Barb ra G Chase. Beliota
Miss Cahll , San Diego Alias Mas >n, L Angeles
Mrs Haves. L Angeles A H c-cnnabel,. Newcastle
F L bcblott, Ohio J H A udrews. Sac
«B .< ndrews. Sac X s air. Mont
li H Wiliey. .Monterey J Hopkins, Boston
Mrs Hopkins, Boston H H Bell, Ca!
\V H Davis. .Mich X P Stacy. Minn
L P Swift, Fresno O D Cooper, Cal
M P Gwasoii. Portland W B Haz.-n. S Jose
H A Fair bank, i- A A L Burbour. San Jose
R N ><v-ven<. S Jose L >^Lasell. Martinez
H B Carter. sac A Seaman, Boston
J J Moore. Victoria J F Devendorf, S Jose
H KHopklnson.stockton W Bruce, Chicago
H H Grandee, Chicago
LICK HOUSE.
Capt \V J Bryant, Seattle C C Cherry, Feattle
F M ; reigbton, NY H Elmore, Marysvllle
S T 1 lac™, acramento C. A ock well. Denver
Mrs O -Nor h. Denver V J WiilU Fresno
Mrs J L Mamou, Mtss Mrs C J Peters. Sacto
J D Culp. San FeilDe O Chase, • ellota
T C Garre, .>-onora A D Johnson, tonora
M B Milliard, iia-s L Hyman, Nevada City
C W Fisher. Ban Jose « a Alexander, Fiesuo
c W Oarrett, Fresno W c Cressy, Stanford *
it Lowe. >ai. Jose H F Hemingway & w,
E Clifford, B. son Conn
C 1. Wardweli, conn Mrs M Hotchklss, Conn
J Verolau, Ca! F A ( r My, Mod*sto
Jas Collins, Court!and Jos Clrgg, Aubiu-n
S X Jolinson, San Jo. c A BKa<twood<& w.S Jose
B 1 Taylor, Sacio F S Bosworth, Portland
S P. Brown, .Oakland .A i: Lyons. Col
B D Allen. . al DS Francis, Fer- dale
Jas i-imp-on. Eureka J R Hi u^hron ihc»
G D McLean. Gnu Valley C D RedclifT. Merced
AJde la sou -a. Japan G Tarao, Japan
COSMOPOLITAN HOTEL.
Mrs Davis. Merced Mrs Luke. Merced
Sam Davis, Merced Miss Will. Rock wood, Pa
C T Mullane, Cincinnati W iskewers. Ala
T Hose &w. Alvarado E o Ward, ran Jose
E vinl.l, Nevada Miss M Verio. Nevada
James Lawler, M V J Noel <fe w, Mont na
JII lie Donald, Fresno c M Maxwell, Fresno
W H Wilson, White Hill J.E MsDonsgh, Fresno
0 }' Carson. Nevada P D Blaice, Colusa
D Yuem»ii. N Daicoia R NelUon. Ala
B Oppeniieimer, Texas J GooiwllL Utah
A Alexander, Chicago TP Epplngpr, ft V
W Clayton, Cleveland, O Mrs E c dams, Sac to
Mrs P. .-trele, Merced X suits, Mich
Miss t. sto c, Mich H D Billings. San Mateo
J Ch*mberl»ln, Utah A Com to, l'ortla d. Or
G i hilllps, Portland, Or L Evans, Portland, Or
Pat Craasen, Juneau E .Uarjorie & w. Cal
H G liarrls, cat J 1 arnson. W«tsonviU«
a Ooncahies <t w, s»c:o II Whitney. Sac.o
P Turner & w. N V O McLaughllo, Butte
P N splnne, Portland ii Erbacher. Westley
F Peter?, Loj Angeles FII Jones, Los Angeles
A Hing, Tacoma, Wash M M Qumteiia, Ariaona
R Zerbar, Arizona
PAIACE HOTEL.
L Laver^e, Everett L E Pike, Hartford
II Mcintosn, Chicaeo Ha Kalrbaak, La
ii J Mayham. Denver Mr< Mat-hum, Denver
Mrs W BMayha . . Colo Miss Mayta-i., Denver
Mrs H Whee er. Colo F L Brown. Denver
L Cunningham, Buffalo X W Halton. Co.umbos
Mrsi-unnlaghatn.Buffa o C 8 Eaton, Boston
Mrs j. B aner, C«I Mrs C s baton, Boston
V .V\ t/ n " ees ' 5 V J1 L '"dley, Los Angeles
J R li Hoexter, NY H 8 Homer, :• cattle
M J Henry, Seattle OMe enry, Modesto
A Llttantr, N V Mrs O McHenry, Cal
a J Pec*. Detroit J)r C T 1 ocre, N V
F H Sweetiand, Boston Mrs C T Poore N V
Mrs Sweetiand. Boston J A 1-atien, Chicaco
A J Levy. .N V Mrs A J Levy, N V
W D McKenna, NY 3 r bou<a. New Yore
Mrs Ncrthrop, N V Mlrs Johiston", X V
Frank ( bilsiraner. N V Gould 1 lets, Omaba
HAU ppn«-r*w,Oregon F X sbar^ry. NY
C H Ea kwedel Jr,(. iilnaMrs R A Graham,
Geo H Clark, Nebraska 6
BALDWIN HOTEL.
J Hubbard <t w, NY J F Smith, Chicago
s W Van Svcle, NY J W Cook. Portland
H Hin:ze. Modesto B bmith Ark
E Grafmueller. NY J Moeu. Chicago
A siohman, Chicago W J Murra.-, N V
Mrs A F King, ban Jose O X Brown, Portland
I\V Crelßh.oo, N V F Simon- ou, San Jose
C M Hunter, M Orleans D a Vreyhar La
It N Bouet, Los Angeles ;~ J La F.nnce, Cr
W T Barker, L Angeles J Zehrlng, Denver
J E Terry & w, Cal li N Chiitenden, D»nver
J Welsh, Mont
SAN FRANCISCO "CALL."
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco Cam~
710 Market street, open until 12 o'clock every
Blfriit Id the year.
branch OFFicES-327 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
SS9 Hayes street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
•15 Larkin street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
fcW. corner Sixteenth and Mission street*, odcb
•BUI 8 o'clock.
2518 Mission street, open until 9 o'clock.
167 Ninth street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
iBOS Polk street: open un 4 9; SO.
NOTICE OF MEETINGS.
*-^5» YERBA BUENA LODGE OF PER- "W*
»--*^ faction No — Regular meeting THIS A
(FRIDAY) EVEN I KG. Ken. 26. at 80-clock! A
*>. 6. GEu. J. Hoßfe., retary. 4&S&
R^= GOLDEN GATE LODGE Stt SO, ft
I*-*' F. and a. M — Officers und members A
are requested to meet at the Temple Till TV
' (FRIDAY) AFT JSRNUON, February 26. at f^y\
1 O'clock, to conduct the funcrrl of our late brother
J H-N C WILSON. GEO. J. HoBE, Secretary. '
BE^S= CROCKETT LODGK NO. 139. F. ■
»"-*^,and A. M.— Officer* and members g\
are rcquesied to attend the funeral of oorTfjf
I late brother, HUG > J LIUS KROSCHER, /^T>
I a. B. B. Hall, 121 Hddy on SATURDAY, the
27th inst., at 1:30 p. x By order of the W. M.
li. IOETKIr.DE, Secretary.
fS55=» YEHBA BUENA LODGE. irrif,!U|ff->
! tr~& No. 16, i. O. O. F— Officers ami C? **Ci.
I members are hereby requested to hs- z£p*Sjrj!Sz?
! ser.ible In Memorial Hail. Odd Fel- ' s *»if\v^
'■ lowa' Butldlng, TO-DAY (Friday), at 12:16
; o'clock for the purpose of tttending the fnneral of
our late brother, J. C WiLSON.
M. S. JiFFEBS JR., N. O.
GBr.BGE L. Pebham. R. S. '
WP&> TUb ANNUAL MEETING OF THE
»-*^ stockholders of the Marin County . Water
Company will be held at the office of the com-
pany, - 406 California street- (-an Francisco, on
! WKUNI-.XDA V, the 3d day of March, 1 8»7. at the
hour of Vi o'clock it., for the election of trustees
for the ensuing year and lor the transaction of
such other business as may come before the meet-
ing, -a. DALTO> HAKRI^ON, SecreUrr.
I !^^^—^^~^m
- :...,-.. SPECIAL NOTICES.
Jfr3s» OAKLAND PSYCHICAL SOCIETY,
I lfrjy. Fraternal Hall, Washinjjton sL— This »yen-
Inc (Fr.d»y),at 8 o'clock, Mrs. Llllie. inspirational
speaker, will lecture, and her Husband will sine
Interesting songs."
WP& THEY SELL ALL KINDS OF DRY
»-* C f 01", hosiery, underwear, btd spreads, tow-
els, table covers, laces, embroidery, linings trim-
mines, veilings, etc., very cheap at Pioneer Dry
Goods Store, iv-B Flfih su
J BZnß* DR. MYRTLE POTTER HAS RIMOVED
| ***> from IS62a Market to 1348 Market, rm. '27.
tt~3S* BAD : TENANTS EJECTED FOR M:
w^^ rolle< tions made: city or country. Pa<i!lc
Collection Co., 415 Montsy s^, room 6; ML 6680.
»Tss=* DR. BAZi-.T RKMOVED FROM PHK-
*^*^ lan tnlldlng to 9<JB <^»ary «;.: t<-l. East 367.
1. —^ —^ '"" w^^ m^^ m^ ™ i^—^l
SITUATIONS WANTBD-rEMALE.
pOMPETENT . PROTESTANT fOOK. WITH
\J reference, desires a situation. J. F. CRO3KTT
<t CO., bi6 "-utt-r st.
VTEAT HOUSEWORK GIRL, .«TOCKTON, 2 IN
Xi family, »25: cook, («onora, $25. MISS CXJL-
LEN, 325 butters:. : . .
p£HMAS WOMAN WITH 1 CHILD WOULD
VX like situation in lodging-house for her room
and board and small wages. Address G. W., box
46, Call Office.
ITUATION wanted as governkss OR
companion by young lady with seminary and
kindergarten diploma. Address X. V., box 33,
Call Office..
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 26, 1897.
SITUATIONS ; TTA>'TBI>-Contlnti«d.
■\* IDULE-AGED WO.M ■ WISHES A SITUA-
J»> tion 10 do general housework: wages moder-
ate: fond of children; cltr oaly. 28 south Pars,
eg Third sL -r\
ASTERN" LADY OF EXPKRIEN' E WANTS
J a permanent position as housekeeper In lodg-
ing-house or widowei's home. Loom 3, 995 Mar-
ket st.
XTOTJNG LADY. FORMERLY IN GOOD CIR-
X cums-ance*, desires a lucrative position a*
housekeeper, or will do gentlemen's mending. 120
Eltisst., room 17, se ouU floor; tall after 12.
yOUNU WIDOW, RECENTLY FROM THE
J. East, wants a p ace as housekeeper in hotel or
bachelor's home preferred; city cr country. Room
2, 223 Post su .  _^ :
A MKRICAN LADY WANTS POSITION AS
ux. companion ant nurse with Invalid: medical
references. 1630 Eddy hu, near Sterner (after-
noons).
pEFINKD WOMAN WOULD LtKK T<» DO
XV housework or chamber* ork in a small family.
Apply 1148 butter St.. room 16.
ANTKD— A SITUATION AS WORKING
' » housekeeper or cecood work and sewiug. Ap-
ply 306 Fell st. __^_^_
TTOUSEWORK WANTED BY A MIDDLE-
XX nsed woman; is a good cook: wages from $12
to $ 15. v.06 Flttb si., near Howard.
\rOUNGSTHONG WOMAN WANTS A PLATE
to do general housework aua plain cooking.
514 »aks-. . h
CCOTCH GIRL WISHKS POSITION COOKING
0 or housework; in American family. CaU or
address W. C. A., 1221 O'Farreil
yoU.NO WOMAN WOULD LIKE TO DO
X plain sewing at home. 131 Taylor st., room 2.
V7EAT YOUNG GIRL. GOOD COOK. WISHES
XI to do hois-wort tv a small family. 119 Fill-
more s.. near llaigln. :• : •
UESPECTABLE WOMAN WANTS MTDA-
XV tion to do general housework; city or country.
Address 183 Jessie at.
Gl HMAN WOMAN WANTS FKW MORE
VJT places to wash, iron or housecleanlng. Call or
address 232 Shipley st.
YOUNG LADY WISHES POSITION TO DO
X second work or would do housework: good ref-
erence. Call 1339 Pine <t.
pOMPETENT WOMAN WISHES SITUATION
l/ti cook or will do housework. Apply 227
Hayes St.
YOUNG GIRL WISHES HOUSEWORK:
X wages $20. Address by letter 1203 bcott sU
Please do nut call.
"\roUNG WOMAN WOULD LIKE POSITION
Xas housekeeper. 144 Fifth st., room 6-
yOU.NG WIDOW . WANTS A PLACE AS
X housekeeper; city or country. 122 Post St.,
room 2.
ADY WISHES SITUATION AS HOUSE-
J keeper or care of Invalid; city or country.
Address 2963 Twenty -second su
TX^ANTE^— SITUATION BY A YOUNG GIRL
'» to do housework; good cook; references.
515 Eighth St., Oakland.
ESPECT BLK WOMAN WiSHES SlTUA-
tion; either cooking or housework: city or
country: best of city references. 131 WHiiey st.,
bet. Bush and Vine.
DEFINED WoMA.N* WOULD LIKE SITUA-
XI tion as managing house eeper: city or c un-
try: references. Ca.l or address MRS. WELLEH,
bOS Post st , loom 2.
ERMAN GIRL WISHES bITUATiON FOR
VX cooking and central housework. Cill at 215 Va
Polk »t, in rear; v ovid lUe to sleep at home.
ELDtiKLY BUT VERY ACTIVE FHKNCH
XJ widow wnms situntlon in quiet fami.y; coun-
try preferred: can u-acn. s«w and make herself
generally useful. Address MME. M., 001 65, West
Berkeley.
VOONG WOMAN WOULD LIKE TO DO
X plain sewing for hotel; willing to work for
room an 1 board. Call 206 Fir.h st., room 3.
OMP TKNT NUKSEGIRL. WITH KKFER-
ences, wishes |>ORltion. Piease call aftei 3r.it
at 326 I.a.k n si., room 22.
"yuUNG GERMAN LADY DESIRES POSI-
X tion as working housekeeper. 112 Taylor su,
room 14.
STRONG GERMAN GIRL, WISHES A PLACE
for general honsewo.k and plain cooking. Call
at 163 1 euama st.
ADY, MIDDLE-AGED, WANTS A PLACE
Jas housekeeper. l«>08 Memer nu
ANTED — WA>HING, IRONING OR
housecleanlne by the day; good reference.
MRS. M. E. JKNoKix, a -Minna st., rear.
VOUXG WOMAN WISHES SITI ATION IN
X American family: Is a gocd plain cook and
baker; will do a small wash or would do chamber-
work: hotel or lodging-house; wages fl5 to ac's.
713 Broadway.
p EBMAN GIRL WISHES POSITION TO DO
VX general housework In small family. Call 2610
Suiter st. ■::■':-
-OESPECTABLE WOMAN WANTS SITUA-
Xt tlon to do housework and cooking, no objec-
tion 10 short d sUnce in the country ; no triflers
need apply. 139 Eleventh a-.
rpwO SWEDISH GIKLS WISH TO DO GEN-
X eral housework. I l . ease call a. 142 Ninth st,
WANTED— SITUATION BY AMERICAN
• ' lady and daughter an cook and waitress, or
motner would accept si. nation an housekeeper; j
country preferreJ. Z. 8., 2114 blase su, Berkeley. I
POSITION AS HOUSEKEEPER FOR CAMP
X rooking by a respectable young woman: pood
cook and housekeeper. Call from 9 a. ii. to 5 r. v.
126 Fourth St., room 2.
EXPERIENCED HOUSF.KERPER (WIDOW)
J-i wants work in wlaower's or bachelor.-, ho. se-
ll .d. with children; country rr-f. ried. 88 Ninth
St., room 17; hours 11 am to Dp. m.
iI"IUST-CLASS DRESSMAKER WANTS TO
I. so oi-t by the day: understands cutting and fit-
in.' perfectly. Plea, e address MRS. FOKSTER,
12151/2 Powell s-.
■ pOMPETENT GERMAN COOK IN A HOTEL
\J or private house m isues a position.- 148 Vi Sil-
ver st., i:e.r ourtb.
WOMAN AND DAUGHTER (16) WANT PO-
*• sltlons as chambermaids in some respectable
place, A.. >  1125 McAllister at.
DREHSMAKKR FROM THE EA-«T, FIRST-
XJ class cutler and finer, wan s position as am-
stress; terms mo-ltr« c. Mils. M., 642 -tevensou.
EFINED EASTERN WIDOW, EXPERI-
Xv enced housekeeper, desires a sltuaiiou as
housekeeper; country preferred. 238 Ktarny, r. 9.
L IRST-CLASS DRESSMAKER WOULD LIKE
1 work for aay 1U35 l'osi st.
ANTED, BY A COMPETENT WOMAN
place to do housework, cooking or downstairs
work no objection to large . family. J. 11., box
105, Call Office.
MI DD LE-AGED WOMAN WANTh POSITION
ill to do housework: kind to children; wages
moderate: city. 28 ?ooth Park, off 'third. '
n 1 O LAP.KIN— BRANCH OFFICE OF THE
■ li) CALL; rlntlons an < want, ad< taken.
QUBSCKIPTIONS and want ADS FOH THE
0 Call taken at branch office, 839 Hayes' su;
open until 0 -.3 j o'clock. . • i
WANT ADs AND SUBSCRIPTIONS FOR
Thk Call are taken at Branch Office, tooth-
•west corner sixteenth and Mission s s.
INCHESTRR HOUSE. 44 THIRD ST.. NR.
*» Market: 2UO rooms 25c o Si 50 per nixht;
$1 50 to fHwr week; convenient and respectable;
free bus and bat gage to and from the terry.
W COR. SIXTEENTH «T., NEAR MlS-
slon; branch office ot Th 1 Uu. bub-
scriptions and want ads taken.
SITUATIONS WANTED MALE.
p ERMAN, GOOD DRIVE RAND Oa"rU^c"-
VX' er. can milk and has Al references, wishes
sltuuilon. Addiess ANDRE'S, 315 btocklou su;
telephone 1304. ■ ■
THIRST-CLASS QUARTZMILL ENGINEER,
1 with refeience, desires sltua ion. Apply to J.
F. CBOaKTT & CO., 618 Sacramento st.
HCNTER & Ca. CHINESE AND JAPANESE
employment office, removed to 61414 Califor-
nia st., near Kt-arny. 'lei. main 281. ■
pHINESE AND JAPANESE EMPLOYMENT
V office; best help. 411^, O'FarrelL Tel. E. 426.
JAPANESE INTELLIGENCE AGENCY. R.
O 90. St. Ann's bl'g, 6 Eddy sU; tel am 5234.
pHINKSE & JAPANESE; KST'D 20 VKArtS;
\Jhelp;teLmjiln 1997. .BRADLEY & Co. .640 Clay
GEN LE MAN OF MEANS DESIRES TO
\J travel for wholesale bouse; most any line:
obj-ct, employment while brcomiog. acquainted
wi b the coat more than salary.. Address
C. VANDt VbRK. Oakland. Cal.
EMPERATE MAN OF SO, FIRST-CLASS
A painter and paper-hanger, handy with tooln.
understanding. care of horses and co«-s and gen-
era, work on private pace and hotel: Al refer-
ence; will work very cheap. Pain box 131,
Call Office.
pLACE WANTED BY MAN AND WIFE ON
X ranch; woman goo 1 cook: man good teamster,
undetstands bor e» thoroughly; city or country;
or vw Hug to go separate. 2 8 N'atoma st.
MAN AND WIFE: NO CHILDKEN: AMERI-
can: want situation on ranch: . woman to
coik; man understands farming, hordes and cows:
references. Address Farmer, 1 eiaiuma.
SITUATION WANTED: BY JAPANESE AS
O chief rook in hotel; will take charge of dining-
room and kitchen ; twenty years' experience; good
references. ; A. 8., box 33, C*:l Office. .
4 MARKET BRANCH OFFICE OF THK
Call; want ads and subscriptions taken.
SITUATIONS WANTED- Contlnn^fi.
MAN AND WIFE (NO C..ILDR X) WANT
pi ace 4 i i country hotel or boarding-house:
wife is good cook and baker, and an understands
Li chen and housework 369 Jessie .-t. .' . '
\\T ANTED— POSITION AS TRAVELING
*» saesman by experienced commercial trav-
eler; modera;e salary and commission. Address
K. P., lox 147. Call.
~\y A NTEI!— POSITION AS KNGINEER: 18
" years' exp»rience at stationary and marine
v ■< r<: i.uhi) -t rtfereutes. Address Engineer, box
33, Call ufll.e.
GOOD TEAMSTER WANTS A PLACK: BO-
ber: bandy wl:h <ools and willing to do any-
thing. Addresi R., box 130. Call.
YOUM! DANISH COUPL- WISH SITUA-
■L tion In ciiyor ccuutrv; good references; wife
good cook; man bandy, 1211% Bush.
EI'.MAN WANTS SIT. ATION AS COACH-
VJT man or gardener; ihoroushly understands
both branches. • Apply at 603 Third st.
SITUATION WANTED BY FIRST-CLASS
barber: sober, steady. Address 8., box £0,
Call Oflice. '
QITUATiuN WANTED ON RANCH BY
0 man iih I wlffl no children: man understands
all about orchard and vineyard; also good team-
ster: wife goo3~ cook and housekeeper. Address
A., box 70. (.all Office.
yOU.NO MAN WANTS JOB AS PLUMBKB,
X or ■> ill work as partner on shares. Apply 48
Sacramento st.
OQ HAVES ST.-BKANCH OFFICE OF
• >>>U int. Call; kubscriptions and want ads
taken.
"VTOUNG MAN wants a situation as
-L eight watchman. Ad .re m 9 3 Howard st.
V OUNG MAN 18 WANTS TO DRIVE DKLIV-
-l cry of any kind: knows city well: can give ref-
erence. Address 149 Fifth st., flat 2.
ANDY JAPANESE WANTS POSITION AS
janitor, or would wo k In shop or factory:
speaks good English. F. M.. 10 central place, off
fine st. : with best recommendation. .
WANTED- BY MIDDLE-AGE > AMERICAN,
'» with referei place a* gardener about pri-
vate place, horses, cow, etc.: haudy with tools.
Address Earnest, 224 Seventh st.
•V>>7 MONTUOMISRY, CONNER OK CLAT—
*J" • Open unit 9:30 o'clock; branch office of
the Call: subscriptions and want ads. taken.
COA BONUS FOR POSITION AS BOOK-
%S£.\J keeper, assistant, shipping clerk, clerk in
wholesale house; city reference. Address 1140
Va'.envias'-
-4 MARKET ST.— BRANCH OFFICE OF THIS
1 Call: want ads and subscriptions taken.
Handy JAPANESE WANTS POSITION as
Janitor or would work In shop or factory:
speaks good English. F. 31., 10 Central place, off
I'lne with best recommendation.
\\r INCHrhTER HOOSK. 44 THIRD NT., NX.
»' Market: 200 rooms: 25c to *1 60 per night:
$1 60 to 46 per week: convenient and re*peciaole;
free bus and baggage to and from ihe ferry.
BRANCH OFFICE OK Til CALL. 167 -MNXH
XJ st- — Want ads and subscriptions taken.
FEMALE HELP WANTED.
I PROTESTANT LADY, NOT OVER YEARS.
I X prefer one who can speak German or French.
■ to teach and take care of 3 children, country, 125
and found, s?e lady here this morning. MURRAY
<& It ADY, leading Employment Agents, 634
arid 636 Cay st.
"M"EAT GIRL OR WOMAN TO DO COOKING i
-Li «nd housework i i private family, country, $20,
see lady here: call early. MURRAY & HEADY,
Leading Employment Agents. 634 ana 636 Clay su
FRKNCH SECOND GIRL. $25: COOK. $35:
X I nurse, $20; second girl, $20: 10 housework
girls, city ana country. $*0 and $a 5: 8 young girls
j to assist, $10 to $15. MISS CULLEN, 323 Suiter.
! pOOK; HOTEL: COUNTRY: $80. MISS CUL-
I \J LEN. 3.3 Sutler sU
OTHER, AND DAUGHTER: COUNTRY;
$26. MISS CULLEN, 323 Suiter st.
COOK, GERMAN FAMILY, $3J. MISS CUL-
LEN, Hi 3 Sutter.
TyAITRKSe, $.5, PHIVATE FAMILY. MISS
»» CULLEN, t23 hut er.
—
"DEFINED K.MAN Sl-COND GIRL, $20.
IV MISS i ULLEN, 313 Suiter
MIDDLE- AGED WOMAN AS HoI'SKKKEP-
er, $10. MISS CULLEN, 32 .-Milter.
i
kl NUKSEUIULa. $15: .-ECOND GIRL, $15;
4* girl. Contra Costa. $15: girl, butter st., $15;
pin, Dupout st.. $15: (in, Flliraore St., $16; tlrl,
; Llvermore, ♦IS: r rl, . Broderuk st, $15; nn,
i • 'ouch s . *16: Kin In t.<tn ly -J, O'Farieil st., $15.
! M .RTjN'S. 749 Market su
—
GIRL, GOLDEN G >TK AVK., *20: GIRL. L-
llsst, $25: girl. Geary St., $20; girl. Kills st.,
$20: girl. Ninth si, CIO: girl, fair Oaks. $20; girl,
; Frunkiln st., »20: elrl, Washington st, , *.5: fc lrl,
■■ Lombard »t.. *20; glil, though St., $18; cook and
j second gl.l, $40. MARTIN'S. 749 Market st.
2 WAITRESSES CITY, $20 AND ROOM:
cook. $7 to *8 a *• eek, city: wMtress. $(. a
week. MaRTIN , 749 Market at.
MORE WAITRESSES. $20; NO SUNDAY
work: 5 hours' work; see party 3r. m. MAR-
TIN'S, 74» Market
TRONER, STEAM LAUNDRY, $10 A WEEK:
1 call early. MARTIN'S, 748 Market at.
OTSEKEEPER, $15: 3 HOUSEKEEPERS,
$10 and $12. M* RTIN'S, 749 Market su
| \ GENT FOR INSURANCE COMPANY.
MAI. TIN'S 749 Market st.
pERMAN WAITRESS. COUNTRY HOTEL.
vT see party, $20: waitress, seaside resort, $20:
j waitress, hotel, city. $20; 3 waitresses, boarding-
home, city, $20: cook, . private family, country,
»25; cook, private lan.ily. city, $25: girl, house-
work, Fresno, *25; 8 housework gir o, $20. $25;
6 girls for country, *1? to $25; 2 nnrseglrls. $10;
5 young to !.s«Isl. $10 to $15. C K. HAN-
SEN A CO.. 110 Geary st.
GERM A N KE. $26: COOK AND LAUN-
VJT dress, a short dlsta cc. $25, see lady here at 11
to-day: second lrl. 925; German or Scandinavian
I laundress and chambermaid. $25: 6 coolch In G«r-
I man ad American iamtlies. (25 and $C 0; restau-
j rant waitress, $25. and n liwigj numbT of tirl.i for
I cookinc and housework. J. F. CKOSEIT & CO.,
J Hlb Slitter st.
| \ir ANTED— COOK FOR RERTaUKaNT. $7 A
', I* week: firnt-class fancy cook, $40; wrltressand
i parlor maid, $25; Fiencn second and seui g, $20;
Uerman cook, $35: German uirl, couutry, $20.
LEON ANDRE, 315 Stockton st.
-fVTANT D— NEAT GERMAN OR FCAJSDI-
» i nay an woman for an Institution, 920 to $25
per n. on ti am rood home. ease apply to W.
D. EWER <fc CO., 62p Clay St.
OF ICE i EE REDUCE I 25 CENT*; • IRLS
of all nationalities wanted to fill various posi-
tions. 'j«ri!.;in Employment Office. 306 Mason St.
p ERMAN WOMAN TO DO COOKING, SHORT
"i .li-tntTp *-O; woman cook, small re» auran ,
sleep home, $20; German cook and wasii, $25.
Employment Ullice, 806 Mason st.
■L'RKNCH MI Km FOR NUUSING, UfSTAIRS
r work and teams rvsses; German girls for cook-
ing and general housework. $20 and *25. 813
■Sutter ht., Telephone Red 2718.
GIRL FOR GENERAL HOUSEWORK: «ER-
' man or German-sneaking preferred: family of
thr ■& 8 Mies court, off California st., nr. Powell.
TVT ANTED— GERMAN OR SWEDISH GIKL
M for houaeworic: plain .washing; wages *15;
references. .710 Hyde st.
NKAT.TiDY GIRL: HOUSEWORK, PLAIN
cook: family 91; $10. Address N. T. t box 107,
Call. . ; . • - ;.,
WANTED— WETNURSE. APPLY DR. W.
Ml F. McNUTr, 101 Suiter St. ■.-■„';
GERMAN GIRL IN GERMAN FAMILY;
VJT general housework: $'JU. 933 Haigbt st.
IV ANTED— A young GERMAN GIRL to
• ' take care of children. 2517 Bush.
"YOUNG GIRL FOR LIGHT HOUSEWORK.
-L 1446 O Farrtll st. • :-:-*. ..■.;..■
"\\r ANTED— TAILORESS ON CUSTOM-MaDE
*» coats. Address T., box 102, all Office.
mAILORESS ON VESTS WANTED. 9 MINT
I aye , upatain. , • .
XPKRIENCED WAITRESS FOR RESTAU-
-Cj rant. 717V4 Howard St., near Tulrd. ; . ;
Al CUTTER AND FITTER; MUSI' BE ABLE
totaUe till charge of first-c:asi dressmaking
establishment; . state full particulars. ' AdCres*
C. C box 122, Call Cfflce. , . :
ESI'KCTABi.K, COMPETENT GIRL FOR
general housework; If suited, steady place:
wa es Sl5. Apply 32-1 Briges aye., Alameda,
High-st. station, narrow gauge. .
IpEW LADIES TO ENGAGE IN A GOOD-
'paying business; roust deposi'. $5 as guarantee
of good faith. Call at 905 Market St., room 65,
bet. 10 a. m and 2p.it.
\y ANTED— CLEAN GIRL TO DO HOUSE-
** work; ' country: 810 montn; steady home.
239 Post st., room 12.
• ' ■
T?XPERIENCED OPERATORS ON FLAN-
Xj ni-1 over.ihirts and underwear. jIKVI
bTRAUSS & co., 32% Fremont »l
I EARN DRESSCUTTING AND MILLINERY;
Jsl per week; unlimited lensons:' patterns
26c. ; McDowell DressmaKlng School, 636 Market.
MOST CONVENIENT AND RESPECTABLE;
I*l Winchester Hous*, 44 Third st. near Markw.
200 rooms: 25c to $1 5 ) per night: *l 60 10 $4
I per week: free 'bos aud baggage to and trom ferry.
7>tC LARKIN— BRANCH OFFICE OF TUB
vJ-Lm Call; subscriptions and wan: ad«. taken.
"L I LYNN'S DRESSMAKING AND CUTTIN
X Academy, 14 ilcAUlster St.; -' $1 a week. '- '
HKI/P WANTED-Conflnn^.
TirAXTED— IO YOUNG LADIES TO LEARV
*» barber trade; shop to open May 1. Particu-
lars call 138 i* tlghth st., s. K. Barber College.
mgIKTH iT— BRANCH OFFICE OF
Ihk Call: subacrlpciou and warn ads
taken.
MALE HKLP WANTED.
OK GOOI-, COMPKTENT MEN CAN OBTAIN
•JiJ work to-day, irom *15 to $65 per month and
f'-und: cioks, waiter*, disnwas er<. i oriers, Inun-
dry-man to run shirt machin-, sbe p-ii^rder, farm-
ers, laborers, orchard ha ds. ■illkers, cioc r/
cleru. etc. MI'KKAY & KKAIiY. Leading Em-
ployment Agents, 634 and 636 Clay st.
POKKMAM FOX VINEYARD: $50: SEE BOSS
A here. Ml'K RaY <fc RE A DV, Leading Employ-
ment Agents, 6:!4 ami 636 Clay su
HEAD COOK, KKSTAUKAST, $60: RKSTAC-
rant butcher. $50. C. R. HAXBEXACO,
110 Geary st.
') NKAT HOT FT, WAITERS. WTH DRESS
* suits, hotel, $80. C. R. MASSEN & CO., 110
Geary st.
VfILKEIt AND WIFE, NEAR CITT: WIFK
1»1 to cook: $10 aud found. C R. UiNSfi.N &
C-\, 110 Geary sU
WAXTED- MILKER AND WIFE, MUST
»» spenk French, $10: bookkeeper and salesman
for liquor-house; siiop-butcher $35 and found:
wa t^r-boy and others. Apply J. h: CROSiiTT A
CO , 628 Sacramento st.
O NIGUT COOK-, $7 WERKs COOK. $35 AND
-J room: 2 bell ana elavator boys: night cook, $30
aid ro;>m: water. *6 week: cook, $40 and room.
MARTI.Vh, 749 Market su
BUT! KR, $30. MI6S CULLEU. 323 BUTTER
street.
DISHVVABHER, COUNTRY HOTEL, $25.
HOTEL GAZETTK, 420 Kearny st.
SKCOND EXPKDITION OF SOUTH SEA
Is ands now forrued; In charge of Cap'aln
Witts; five years' experience at the islands. Full
Information 539 California st.
WANTED— 5 LIVE SOLICITORS; GOOD
references; gocd commission. 873 Market
St., bet. 9 and 10 a. m.
VOUKo man to help bkddle fruit-
X 50c per day: increase. Cail before 9a. m., 129
Hickory aye., bet. Goajh and Frau^lla.
O WELL-SAVED MEN OR WOMEN TO CON-
— duct religious mee.:ngs every evening. Call 31
Third st. at 8 r. m.
WANTED— AN INDUSTRIOUS PARTY IN
»T well-pay in< bus:n^ss; $75 rtquired. 45 Third
T\ r ANTED— BOY IN ARCHITECT'S OFFICE.
" Address A. H.. box 33, Call.
P RESSBOY' AT BOULIVS PRINTING OF-
X flee. 519 Filbert st.
SEAMEN AND ORDINARIES APPLY 10
Steuart St., upstairs.
FIHBT-' LASS LADIEb' TAILORS WANTED.
408 sutler at.
JOB COMPOSITOR. CLEAN IN WORK AND
p. rson; references: A. H., bos 144, Call Office.
TIT ANTED— DISHWASHKR AT 1504 KEN-
»T tucky st, Potrtro. Reidy's Hotel.
YV ANIED-YOUVG Man TO LEARN BAR-
»» ber trade. Inquire 227 V 3 Second sU
"I UNCH WAITERS; STEADY WORK; SO-
Xj ber. Call Ba. m., 18 First st.
SHOEM A KEKS W A NTEDON MEN'S SHOES.
Call at o:ice at 202 1-ifth s .
r>ARTNKR, LIGHT WORK; MAN AND WIFE
X for lodging house; man f»r advertising; man
for cigar-store and laundr.- office. 539 California,
BARBER WANTS PARTNER; OLD STAND;
German preferr d, or will sell all. Call I*2
seventh st
\y AN TED-STEADY. RELIABLE MAN FOR
»» position in country: n>usi have $5 expense
money. Call after 10 a. m.. 9 Ueary, room •!.
"IV" ANTED— MEN TO GO WHALING; NO
*» experience required. Apply at once at 1*
LEVY'? clothing- store. NE. corner Battery ani
Jackson sts.
\\rANTED — FIRST-CLASS BHOEFITTER;
»» cood job for right man. Address ShoeMUer,
box 15, Call Office.
BARBERS, TTENTION— S4OO WORTH OF
furniture, with 2 billiard table*, on account of
departure. $225. Address E. Bonn ARUEL. Stan-
ford Univereity.
IKAXIED-A MAN TO RENT OR BUY A Cl-
»» gar-stand. Apply BE. corner 24th a>.d Folsom.
BARBER WANTS PARTNER WITH SMALL
amount money. Address A. 8., box les, Call.
TirANTKD— TRAVELING SALESMAN, F.JO
»" perienced in the wooden, willow, tin and hurl
ware lines Address Travelers, box 96, this office,
glvlug reference.
LEW ENERGETIC MEN TO ENGAGE IN A
-T good, paying business; must deposit *5 asguar-
»nteeof good faith. Call at 905 Marke. su, room
55. between 10 a. m. and 2 p. m.
FOB SALE-AN ELROANT TWO-CHAIR
barber-shop; near Market; a real bargain; only
$60; good reason for selling. \'i Ha^esst.
AIL ANTED,TOrOLLECTWAOE<DUE LABOR-
" ers*clerks KNOX Collection Age?, 110 suiter.
"WANTED— CANVASSERS IN THE CITY
»» and State to sell lots in the city o< Stockton;
liberal commiislon: lots will sell readily. Address
C, box 148, this office.
STYLISH AND DURABLE CALF SHOES
ninde to order, $2 60. 959 Howard, nr. Sixth.
SINGLE FURNISHED ROOMS'; 15c A NIGHT:
75c week. Linden House, Blxth and Howard.
JOURNEYMEN BAR..EKS' fcil PLO YMKA l -
bfretarv .H. BKKN'ARD. iO2 >eventn »t.
■pAKBERS- Alt!' RHAVIKG PARIOKs FOR
X) sale. 1356 Market at.
BARBERS— KOR EM PLOYM EN rCALL SEC.
P. C Barbers' Assn. S. FUI HS, 325 Giant aye.
KCRUITS WANTED FOR THE U. 8. MA-
rlna Corps, V. s. Navy— Able-bodied unmar-
ried men beiween the ages of 21 and SO years
who are citizens of the United s.ates. or those
who have legally declnred their Intention to be-
come such: must be of good character anj habits
and able to speak, read and write English and be
between 6 feet 5 Inches and 6 feel In height For
lurtner information apply ml the Recruiting Office,
20 Kills su. San Francisco, Cat.
1 ADIES* AND GENTS' MISFIT (-HOES
\j bougiu and exchanged; new vamps and sec-
ond-hand shoes for saie; large stock; shoes made
to order; bes stock; work gUHraineed: all kinds
of repairing. 749 Mission, n«ar Grand opera-house.
WANTED— AN IDEA; WHO CAN THINK
of some simple thing to patent? I rotect your
ide-s; they may bring you wealth. Wiite JOll.v
WEDDERBUKN&CO., Dcpt. L, Patent Attor-
neys. Washington, D. C, for their $ 1800 prize
offer, and new list of 10C0 inventions wanted.
WANT ADs AND SUBSCRIPTION.-* FOR
Thb Call »re taken at Branch uttlce, south-
west corner Sixteenth, and Mission sts.
"L^LCHO HOL^K, hb3V>» MARKET BT.—i*.UUM^
J-J 20c. 26c to SOc ni«bt: (1 to $2 wees.
9^.9;- MISSION — SUBSCRIPTIONS AND
— O~ '■ < want ads taken fur THE CALL.
bE-T IN CITY— SINOLK ROOMS, li. 20 AND
25 cents per night: $1, $1 25. $1 60 per week.
Pacific House, commercial and l.eidesdorll sts.
1 1(A NINTH Sl'. — BRANCH OFFICE OF
111)1 uk Call; subscription and want ads.
taken. '
, KUNSWICK HOU^E, 148 SIXTH ST.: OPEN
1 all night; rooms 25c to $1 per night; 91 20 to
$5 per week. J. G. DkaKK, Manager.
ROOMS 16c To 76c Pi.R NIGHT; 6Oc To «i 60
XV per week, Oriental; 225 Dmmiu m.
r pi.v ACMK HOUSE.; sa7 .'MARKET ST.. BE-
I iov Hxtn. for a room: iota night: $1 a wee*.
I l\i\ MKN TO TAKK LoDUIKU AT 100, 150
I \)Ki and 200 a right, including code* ana roiU.
124 Washington st.. near Kearny.
9^*>i-i MISSION ST.-BRANCH OFFICE OF
— U— U Ihu Call; subscriptions and want at!*
taken.
'
I U-'ANTKD— LABORERS AND MECHANIC!*
"to know that Kd Koltctn, l:em> House proprie-
tor. stilt runs Denver House, 217 Third st.: 15J
large rooms; 26c per ulgbl; #1 10 $3 per week.
"POSEDALK. 321 ELLIS ST.— SINGLE FUR-
Xt nisbed rooms, *.'oc to 25c night, $1 to $1 50 wk.
E SIMON .WANTS IUU Mi.N TO.oET BOf-
. tic beer or wins 6c : best free lunch. 643 Clay
WANTKD-SINGLh, ROOMS, 13c A DAY; $1
week;. rooms for 2, 2Sp a day. $1 00 * wmk,
reading-room: dally paperai 36 Clay st. /• *
\\T INCHESTKK HOUSE, 44 THIRD ST., NR.
** Market: 200 looms, 25c a ntght: readins-
room: free bus and barrage to and from the terry.
WANTED. YOUR BHOKS — KKPAJ
'» shoes np to 9 o'clock every night: those war*-
inp thronsb the day can have their snoes repair*!
at night while you wait: l*r.:e.V gollai;, !Jsc; mci i
tollne, COc; fln» ahoej made to order from *'.' up
we have a lot of ahoA< been damaged by. water a
l^ss than *- «-«»" tbelr : valoe. from 25c up v
»J uO. ftgj Mlgslnam.. t*t. Tint g;. and second «
'AGENTS WANTED.
A G ,F NTi BRYAN '' S BOOK, -THE FIRST
Battle. Apply or address for territory, f
\v !??•?', ™* n *Ser subacripilon depariraent, THE
V. MIT MvKi: J: RAY COMPANY, 7-» Market St.
- HOUSED WANTED.
WANTED-FUT OR COTTAGE 6 OR
*' 7 ™? ma '' T^rdi sun; modern Improvements:
within fifteen minutes' ride of Call office:. rent
reasonable. Address C, box 33, Call Office.
* KOOMS WANTED.
BRILIJANT VOCALIST AND FIANISTK,
excepticn il 'caching abilities, de Ires board
an I room in excha ice tor tuition: 'eferences ex-
changed, Address B. V , box 140, Call Office.
MO>"E\' WANTED.
CK)XA/fVWANTEb FOR TWO YEARS ON
J.OUU property worth $6000; will pay 8 per
cent. Address 8., i*rx 70. Cal ' 'fflce.
WANTED-MISCI2I.IjAXEOUS.
WANTED— GOOD CHEAP HORSE. 109
Sixth st. . •
ANTED -LIGHT BICYiLE; BRING IT
a ong. 516 Geary st.
HIKT* OR THIRTY-FIVK FOOT SLOOP OR
1 scnooner. Address JIu.NT h B LTTON,IIBB Mis-
sion st.
Cj»:a bonus WILL PAID TO anyone
<IP v/ securing; position for young lady in s ore
or office Address W. \V., box 51, Call Office.
BUILDINGS BOUGHT; LUMBKR, SAUUKS.
i-> doors, mantels, etc., for sale. 1163 Mission st.
ELL YOUR HOOKS, CLOTHI.M* AM' .IKW-
elry to A. KLEIN, lot) Sixth at.: wuJ postal. ,
LODGIXG-HOUSES FOR SALE.
OA-ROOM HOUSE ON MARKET ST 11,400
•'Vf 24-room bouse, only 660
10 rooms, on McAllister st 400
20 rooms; corner: new 1,200
14 room-i on Sutler. -350
7-room Lo::se only S5O
18 rooms, nc r the Baldwin 50J
H. C. DECKER, 1020 ilarket St., opp. Fifth.
Or RMS; ELEGANT; N. M .KKfcT «2000
— O 30 rooms; north; Kreat barcain $S5O
16 rooms; cemral; gooi furniture $325
UNDEkWoOD <fc 00 , 765 Market St.
TO LET— STORE AND 21 ROOMS; SUNNY;
'-7 Minna st. ; rent very cheap. MADISON <t
BURKE.
1 A NICELY FURNISHED ROOMS: GOOD
XV piyiug: all rented; must sell; 19 Sixths;.
G-ROOM FURNISHED HOUSE FULL OF
O roomers, < heap. Address A. 8., box 131, Call.
FURNISHED HOUSE OF 23
I rooms; reason for selling, leaving city. 316Vfc
Sixth st.
H ROOMS; NF.W FURNITURE: FULL OF
roou?ers: offer wanted. 402 Geary st.
qqq hayes— branch office of thb
«J«J'/ (.all: subscriptions and want ads taken.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
"DETIRING FROM RETAIL BUSINESS:
XV must close out stocK in 30 days; brussels car-
pet, 42Vic yard; floor oilcloth. 18c: mat ing, 7o
yard; b*Mro'>m sets, 3 pieces. *9 ttO: 4-ro iru fur-
niture outfit, $tt&. SIiIKEK <S SHIREK. 747
•Market n , opp. Gran*, aye.
AMONKY'-KAISINO f-ALE— 3O DAYbONLYj
Bedroom sets, 3 pieces 93 50
Solid oak dining chairs 750
4-room furniture outfit. $67 50
Brussels carpet, laid 55c yard
SHIrtKK &. r-HIREK, 747 Market at., oppo*H«
Grant ays.
IjM.-RNIItTRE OF 4 ROOMS FO« SALE;
cheap. 916^<| Pierce St., rear.
J/'OR SALE-2 FOLDING-BEDS, BUREAU.
X Call morning. 140«J Hyde st.
AT L. J. NEUMANN'S. 117 SIXTH, FOX
lowest prices on household goods: new or gofel
rsnew: cas or on time: open evenlnsts.
FURNITURE WANTED.
TpURNJTURK. STOVES. CARPETS. COUN-
X 1 tsrs. showcases. ANDERSON, 1121 Market.
IF YOU WANT GtiUU PRICKS FOR FURNl-
ture and mercbanalse gee BURD, 211 Larkt&
HIGHER I'KICK THAN ANYWHERE PALI)
dv Indiana Auction 10.1057 Market.opp.Jonei
CARPET CLEANING.
fiARPETsi CLEANED, RENOVATED LIKE
\J new. J. 3icQUKEN.4s3stovenson. Tel. 5.228.
CITY STiiAM CARPET CLEANING WORKS:
VJ cleans, moves, lays carpets. G. H. STEVENA
3i;r. 38 and 40 Kighth st. ; telephone South 250.
WHEN YoU BECuMK DI^JUSTED WITH
poor work send toSPAULDING'S Pioneer
pet-beau Works. 353-67 Tefaanaa St.; teL So. 4J.
pARPET-nLEANING, 3c: LAYING, 3c; RUG
\J samples free: teL Jessie 944. Stratton, 38th st.
A DVANCE CARPET-CLEANIttO CO., 402
A Suiter; teL Main 394. GJSO. WALt OM, prop.
T WaTTS, reliable carpet-cleaning renovtg. alter- i
O . aiiun works. 409 McAllister: TeL Jessie 321.
.
pARPETS CLEANED & RENOVATED LIKE
L now. 23 Tenth; tel. South 3a Mackintosh & Co.
JE. MITCHELL. CAKPET-i LEANING Ca,
. 240 14th si.; cleaning 3c a yard. Tel. Ml*. 7il
pON KLIN'S CARPKT- BEATING WORKS
V. 1 333 Golden Gate aye. Telephone East I' 2&
LOST.
lOST— ON OR NKAR CORNER OF ELLIB
J and Hj'rte purse containing money, valuable
rec«irts to owner only and eoi: glove buttocer;
name on purse, s-u; ab.e rew-ird if re.urned to
593 Ell s s:.
LOST OR STOLEN— SILVE« WATCH AND
chain tetween Mills place and Durion on
February 16. Return to grocery store corner Clay
and Mason sts.
LOST-Ci RDUHOY CHAIR CUSHION FROM
delivery-wagon In Western Addition Thurs-
day, tuttaule reward on return to 7i;4 Grove st.
I OST-BLACK FEATHIR BOA. LIBERAL
1j reward on return to this office.
LOST— JAPANE-E PUG SLIT ON KEARNY
St.; yellow acid white; reward. 337 Kearny st.
T OST-PASSBUOK WITH THE HIBKRNIA
XJ savings and Loan Society or Francisco in
the name of < HARLES L*K]N or MARY
LAKIN. The findt-r will please re urn to bank.
lO>T-A PASSBOOK WITH THK HIBEKf
J ula taviugs aud Loan t-ocietv of Sao iran
Cisco in the name of LYS^T KLOTZ, or MAT-
THAI'S KLOTZ: No. 152,712. The finder will
plense return to bank.
BRANCH OFFICE OF THE CALL, 167 NINTH
St.: want nd- and subscriptions taken.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
A BSOLUTELY THE OLDEST AND LARGEST
XL house west of •'Chicago is KOHLER A
CHASE'S. 26, '28 and 30u'iarreIl si.; pianos, or-
gans and all othtr musical instrumenta, of all
grades and prices; terms easy: prices lowest:
every thine possible done to please and satisfy the
customer. . ,
A ctually the BEST bargains IN pi-
-£L aoos; mon hly pa.- meats from *6 up: deliv-
ered free with s;oj1 and cover: correspondence
solicited. THE F. W. SPENCER COMP V
salesroom* 933 Market st., opp. Mason: estab'
l.shed over 20 years.
ON A FIDK RKDUCIION IN PRICES—
' names. Knabe, Bush & Gerts and others: sec-
ocd-haud pianos from f 100 up. W. C. HAMIL-
TON, successor to A. L. Bancroft & Co., 824 Post.
*Js 190 HAZELTON UPRIGHT, STOOL,
*S> 1 cover; $5 lustallnits. 221 Leavenworth!
pALL AND HEAR NEW STYLE BRUENN
*■; pianos; patent soundingboarJ; new principle;
the delight and wonder of all musicians. 228 Pose!
BEST BARGAINS IN THK CITY FOR THE
next 6 days at MAUVAIS*. 769 Market st.
LEG ANT BRUISNN PI A O; Owl) AS
new; sacrifice. BRUENN'S, 228 Post st.
ft] 00 CI>R »3HT IN GOOD CONDITION; A
<(JpXUU. bargain. BRUENNS, 228 Post st.
Y^ttvw^.o WELC>;ME To CBEDIT AT
■L BRUENN'S piano house, 228 Post gt.
OUR RENT CONTRACT PLAN ENABLES
,» » every family to have a line new piano. fciH.fa.K-
MAN, CLAY & CO.. Kearoy and suiter sts.
A DiIINISIRATOR'S SALE — MUST SELL,
xx pianos at immense reduction for cash or on
ins aUments. EATON, ESTATE. 735 Market.
WHY PAY RENT FOR A PIANO WHEN
" the same mon.hlv payments wilt purchase
one at SHKKMAN. CLAY & CO.'S.
THE BKST PIANOS OF . EVERY GRADE,
from Melrtway down, caa be found at fcHEtt-
man, clay & CO.'S. *
akoain. kink large upbight.cheap
SCHMITZ. 16 McAllister, next Hibernla Bank.
AT SHKRMaN, CLAY <£ CO.'S ONLY WILL
you tine! a slock of new stein way pianos
ORN UNO'S PI\NO; MOST PhRFECT;
brilliant and powerful tone. 216 Post st. .
\\r H. BADUKIt. SO..X A ENT FOX HALLET
* * .A Davis ami Francis Bacon pianos. Ali MMM,
P ANO SOLD AT SUKRiIAN. CLAY & CO.'a
-I on very easy payments. • • : -
YKO.N MALZV. SOS PvaT ST.-MJHMtK,
. Nswbv Jt Evan i. Br.c^s and other pianos. .
QUPKKIOH VIOLINS. ZITHKIW, OLD* NEW
OH. MCLLEIt, mak»r. repairer '£ i a ham piar».
BICYCLKS.
OQ-INCH PUCENIX BICYCLE: NEARLY
*O new; $b2 60 921 V% Capp si. .
<sizt?\ ■•BEN-HUB," BRA D NEW: REOU-
; «ir'±t-;. !ar price $M 5: guaranteed high grade.
I GOLBK.N HULK BaZAAK, 718 Market at. .
BUSINESS CHANCES.
%9F\O BRANCH B KKRY, CANDY AND
fff'ZiOxJ. variety store; llvlnK-rooms; finply o-
cated: d' lig a nroti able business; a big bargain.
lA. a LESS, 1032 MarK-t et. ■
<3j/ir>A saloon with 11 booms, furni.
(4p~tt)\J* niture Included; Dest location north of
Market: present owner in -ame nee 15 years;
present owner has ano:her 1 mines* in the country'
A. S. LES>, 1032 Market si.
Oj-TAA-. GROCERY AND BAR NORTH OF
tip • »'V. Market: 4llvin'---rooms: rent only $23;
present owner there 6 years; bi , bar trade; other
business causes sale. A. £>. Lr.H*, 1032 Market.
CIj^AA BRANCH BAK Y. STATIONERY
«JpUv/\f. ana school supplies; good location:
1 vins-rooms. furniture included; near « school;
good, steady business. A. S. i-ESis, 1032 Market.
C>/£AA SALOON, N. OF MARKET: 4 FINK
ii^^t\J\J. furuithed rooms: kitchen; torerooms:
fine s trek: b>st location; cheap re.it; greatest bar-
gain ever offered: ow.ier lias other large Interests.
A. 8. LESS, 1032 Market st.
ftnrA SALOON; FINELY STOCKED AND
di)£.*J'\J. fitted up; on prominent business street;
owner going to Alas. must sell: big bargain.
A. a Li\Ss, 1032 Market a .
HIGHKbT CASH **&lUKb PAID FORFURNI-
ture, restaurant, saloon fixtures and erotvr •
stocks. STKNBKKG. 632 Market: tel. main 1043.
{.S'A GROCERY AND BAR: 6 LIVI.VQ.
tJ-OOU. rooms. STENBERG, 632 Market at.
fIJJXAA BUTCHEK-SHOP; UOOI) LOCa-
«J)JUU. tiou; finely fitted ud: cash . register:
horse and wagon; clea'B $100 a month: see this
bargain. STENBEKG CO., 632 Market st.
ahQ^A BKBT ROUTE 1.% CITY; CLEARS
«IrOUU. 9 100 per month; trial given; sacrificed
account of departure. STENBEKG, 632 Market.
JUn/iA MILK DEPOT AND DAIRY; GOOD
HS)^i\jyj. location; low rent. STENBERG, 632
Market.
C Af\f\ RESTAURANT; NEAR ROAD
yT"!!"'/. depot: large number regular boarders:
neat, attractive place: compulsory sale exchange
for real estate. STENBEKii CO., 6.'2 Market st.
ffljQfrn SALOON; ELEGANTLY FII TED; 1
tlft/Uv/. block north of Market st.; low rent:
stocked with tine liquors, cigars, etc.; private
rooms: owner h»s other business: makes big sac-
r.fice; investigate this. STKNBERU, 632 Market.
T> RANCH BAKERY AND DELICA CV STORE;
X> musibesoid: living-rooms: nice sunny yard;
no agents. 340 Fourth st.
SALOON BUSINKS3 FOR BALE — THE
stock of liquors, cigars and fixtures of saloon
contained in premises- 500 Baker at., corner of
Grove, In this city, and belonging to the estate of
Daniel McFadden, deceased, is for sale. Bids or
offers for the same will be received up to 13
o'clock it, Monday, the first day of March, 1697.
at room 35. Chronicle building. A. C. FREES!:;,
i-pecai Administrator of the estate of DANIEL
McFADDEN. deceased.
MEAT-MARKET USING 2% BEEVES, 7
ill sheep. IV«i hogs, veal, etc., at a bargain:
splendid chance to increase: owner ha^ better op-
portunity offered ; trial given. H. A., box 33. Call.
TIT ANT ED— PARTNER IN AN OLD-KSTAB-
»» ll shea commission business. Address A. 8.,
box 144, Call Office, giving name and addresi.
ALL INVENTORS* AND THOSE HOLDING
letters patent to send address and description
Of invention to Syndicate, box 74, Call Office.
SALOON: MUST SELL IMMEDIATELY;
sickness. , Address southeast corner Kearny
and Ctt.iiornia. Inquire 123 Prospect place.
TT'URNITURE-MOVING OUTFIT FOR SALE;
■L first-" lass team: good-paying stand. South-
east corner Haight and Fillmore s.s.
THE LITTLE CIJFFKE-TREE KEtTAUKA.NT
for sale at a bargain on account of sickness in
the family: price 40. Call at 804 Folsom st.
SALOON ON BUSY STREET NORTH OF
Market; ch»«prent: lease: bargain this week;
no agents. Inquire Call ollice.
BEST CHANCE. IN THE WORLD TO WORK
for Christ— Well -furnished mission; good loca-
tion; rent $15. all 31 Third st.
•yOUNG WIDOW OF MEANS DKSIRKB GEN-
X tleman partner. Room 3, 995 Market, st.
»'UNO WIDOW WANTS A GENTLEMAN
partner: small capital. Room 8, "207 Post st.
17IOR SALE — WELL-KSTABLISHED DRY
.' goods and notion business in Modes.o, Cai.-
capital required, about $3000; splendid oppor-
tunity for spring: good reason lor selling. Apply
to NATHAN SISTERS, Mode3to.
"I^OR SALE ATA SACRIFICE— UPHOLSTER-
X I Ing-store In good location. 3001 Xwenty-fonrth
'< St., cor. Harrisou.
OR SALE-GOOD CORNER STORE AND
cigar stand; cheap. 516y 3 tie^ry st.
OR SALE CHEAP- A PAYING RESTAU-
rant. 654 Mission st. . •
ANTED— PAIITNER .IN GOO LI-PA VINO
downtown business. 717 Mission at.
dj;QnA SALOON: DOING NICK BUSINESS;
ts)O\J\J. flue location; nicely fitted: fine range
for lunch; patent beer pumps; owner leaving city;
a bargain. UNDERWOOD <£ CO.. 765 Market st.
"L OR SALE— CITY DRUGSTORE IN THICKLY
X inhabited section; $200: sacrifice; fine aian t
for physician. Apply to LaNGijEY & MICHAELS
CO., 34-40 First st.
PARTNER IN AN ESTABLISHED BUSI-
.- ne^s; must be sober and energetic: references
exchanged; small cap tal required. 1041 Valencia.
(JjOAA FOR HALF-INTEREST INMANU-
*CGI/»' facturlng business. Apply 328 Bush St.,
room 4.
ANTED— PARTNER IN BAKEBY; CEN-
rally located. For particulars call st 113
Oak st.
SALOON; OWNER 6 YEARS IN SAME
place. Apply Anchor Brewery, 1431 Pacific.
STORE WITH 3 LIVLNG-ROOMS; ELEGANT
location fcr busu-ess. 406 fourth st.
CH MISSION — SALOON, DOING GOOD
\JU± business, for sale; cheap; good reasons.
I>RY GOODS, MEN'S FURNI-HING
«JPt>V'v'. goods, notions; splendid fixtures, cheap
rent; living-rooms; good business; noageuts. Ap-
ply Cail office.
L-"OR SALE-FINELY FURNISHED HOUSE;
X 1 10 rooms; all lented; cheap. 518 Taylor st.
'Qlinn OLD-KSTA BLI SHE U SALOON,
tjplvU. with 5 living-rooms. Inquire 911 Fol-
som st.
FOR SALE CHEAP— A PAYING PRODUCE-
X store on Fifth street. Call 427 Front at.
riIGAR-STORE AND LAUNDRY OFFICE ON
VJ Market st. ; cheap. Inquire Call Office.
O:iW MISSION — SUBSCRIPTIONS A.NO
~Omi\J want ads taken for Thk Call.
T ATEST CAR FENDKR PATKNT: BEST IN
XJ venlion. Apply 623 Golden Gate a vo.
CITY itOCTE FOX OALE. APPLY THIS
office.
A NIMATUSCOPK— PROJECTING LIVINQ
J\. pictures. Anlmatoscope, 933 Mrkt., 7tb floor.
ATEWSPAPER ROUTE IN INTERIOR CITY
i.i close to ban Francisca For particulars apply
this office.
partners wanted.
P^^Xrtn^rwantkdfor large tobacco
plantations, with $350,030 capital cash, at, dis-
posal: references exehangid. Address A., box 93,
this office.
' JTOK SALE— MISCELLANEOUS.
jutsTsiTowt asks, countkrs7^Bh"kly".
Ing, etc. , bought and so.d. 1063 Mission, nr. Ttli.
Oik HANDSOMK. KQUAI TC> NEW
—I/. latest style White sewins-niachlne; at-
tachments complete; cause, departure. Fil-
bert st.
LA. GE DOUBLE COMPARTMENT COIN
bank safj; cbt-a . 8 Mission st.
RKSH MILCH COW AND CALF; CHEAP.
923 Fell st.
HAND LAUNUKY MACHINES- NEW AND
serond-hand; lools supp led, etc 766 Bryant
I Aits! BACK liAkS, MIRRORS. SHO'.V-
J cases, counter*, llnol'.-um, ofiice furniture,
store uud office furniture aud fixtures, new and
second hand. J. Ni ONAiN, 1017-1019-.0-'l-10J3
Mission s , above Sixth.
NEW fcLil\VO«>D RANGES ARK THE BEST.
» W. a. KAY MFG. CO., .12 California bU ■
BOILERS,ENOINES,-JD-HANI> MACHINERY
li water-pipes. Mcluiosh & Wolpmnn. 137 Beala.
COKKEE MILL'SCALIiS. LETI'ER PKESa
stand desK, money til, safe; cheap. 102 Clay.
O.NK SMALL MKUIUiI AND LAKUE-SIZK
fire and bnrelar proof snfe 109-111 Mai;;e: as.
ATTORXEIS-AT-IAW.
A DVICK VKEE: DIVOttCBL LAWS A SPKC-
x\ laity: private; no fee without success: probate
Insolvency, wills, collections, bills of sale, deedi!
damages, etc.: private detectives; eatub. lv vwirt
O. W. KOWK. 850 Market st. corner Stockton gu
ADVICK t'KKK; NO CH AKOE UNLESS SUC>
ctswiul. W. W. DAVIUaUN. - 927 Market si
Rw. king; attorney-at-law chkov"
. icle building: advice free; low ie s; all cases.
A DViCE FREE: NO CHAROK UNLESS sr<"
cessfai. J. O. JEKFR SS. 633 Market, rm.4
PHYSICIANS.' HOUSES TO LET.
Husks TO RENT FOR VERY LITTLE
XI money M BALDWIN & HOWELL'S, 10
Montgomery *-t.
lilt KLI.IS,'XEARBIViIANAN-2->TORY
Jill hous-; lar^e basement; 5 rooms; rent
reß"ionab'.e.
SIX AND ROOMS. HAMPTON PLACE,
< B i-xlsom St., beL Second and Third. .
QO'-> OK.AHY, NR. LAHKIN— IS ROOMS
*/-.-• b-»th: rent very low. iIALDWI.s .&,
HOWK: 1,, 10 Montgomery st.
■Q||| 2-STORY FRAME, , 4 ROOMS AND
♦J? I*', basement; water fre-: quiet and respoet-
st>!e neighborhood. t5 selina place, off north side
JLalifomla st.. below stockion: ke •• at S.
• . I
9 SUNNY HOUSES; 7 ROOMS. UA'IU, PAN-
•— try, yard and basement; lent $20. S3O » appisu
"I .1 S FELL, NR. VAN NESS AYE.— HOUSE
1■• < of 1 1 rooms and bath.
1 99, I BUMI — SUNN V HOUSE; 9 ROOMS;
.-* — — v/ yard; rent .reasonable to a good tenant.
'€;.'(; 1731 BUOADWAY.SKAII GOUGH-S
V 71 "- 100 ms; every couveuience: marine view.
BAli ILV.i.Vrs EJKCTKD: $3. smith,
-»-> collector. 14 McAllister St.. rooms 10-11. •
,- ROOMS; 533b SECOND ST.: $15 PER
U mouth. Key at 589 :-econd st.
- KOOMS; -537b SECOND &Iv| $17 FJS.K.
'. ni.o:u:i. . Key at 559 Second st,
5 ROOMS: NEW HOUSE; MODERN IM-
*J provements: 45 Federal s'.; $15 per month, to
cTsirah c tenants. Key at 639 - eco id st. j
. . l I'RXISIIISO FLATS.
IOWK.R FLAT 8 ROOMS. DETACHED: SUN
■*J :-( sides: reasonable: desirable. 1312% Ellis.
COTTAGES TO LET.
, B» 1J SUNNY. COTTAGE 4 ROOMS.~IbaTH
'p 1'• . and .basement. 220 Thirteenth St., near
Howard.
019 COTTAGE, 6 KOOMS. 9 PRIEST ST.,
.«£>l— j. off Wfiihington, bet. Jones and Lt-aven-
" worth.
QIC NICE COTTAGE; 5 ROOMS: BATH;
tjpXiJ. sunny: yard: cellar. Key 711 Treat aye.
•^'7l 1 JESS IK - COTTAGE OF 4 ROOMS;
U_i 1 2 rent $9.
../COTTAGE, 4 SUNNY ROOMS, YARD, $11;
.V- also flat, 6rrns.,sl4 «rocery.2d, nr.Townsend.
FLATS TO LET;
Fi II i oil VKKV LITTLE
money at BALDWIN & HOW ELL'S, 10 Mont-
gomery st.
EE THOSE NICE UPPEK MODERN FLATS,
► 22 and 28 Erie Bt, bet. Thirteenth nnd Four-
teenth, oft Mission: 5 rooms and bath; reduced to
$-16; sunny. . j
pHEAPEST FLATS ,IN CITY, 3270-3272
•'^-' Seventeenth St., near Cnpp: upper, 6 rooms
•and bath, «18; lower, 5 rooms uud bath, $lts;
modern: see them.
SW. COR. FOLSOM AND THIRTEENTH— I
upper. 1 lower: 6 and 5 rooms and bath: rent
$-0 and $18. MADISON <fc BURKE, 626 Market.
Qi')"/ ?*(\ HANDSOME FLAT 5 LARGE
. «ip —_ ■ .<J\.r. rooms, bath and pantry; fine view.
s'Ji Thirteenth St., near Market.
" 71 9 octavia.nr. McAllister— i OVELY
■ * X _ lower flat; 7 rooms; bath; all modern Im-
provements.
QU REAR U PPER FLAT 4 SUNNY ROOMS.
C ' •27 Tearl St., off Market, near Valencia.
r;99 WALLKR ST., nr. stein er— sunny
*-?—.*• upper flat; 6 rooms: bath; yard. etc
INE FLAT: 7 ROOMS AND BATH; 826
Howard 5.., near Fourth: rent reasonable
SUNNY SIDE: 5-KOOM BAY-WINDOW
flat: $16; water free. 452 Vi Jessie at,
" VICE FLAT: 4 GOOD ROOMS; CHEAP
-L\ren:- 524 Sixth st.. near Bryant.
"1 ?^9(.l POST-2 VERY DESIRABLE FLATS;
±O~.V upper. 7 rooms, $25: lower, o" rooms. $^3.
. HO A LEA VEX WORTH. BET. WASHING-
. A Jltj-J ion and Jackson— Flat: nearly new; 6
"-.rooms: porcelain tub: line marine view; large
court or garden iv rear: rent K-7 50.
' 1 r-iO9 "TEINER— LOWER SUNNY FLAT
•■ iuu«i of 6 rooms; modern improvements.
■«) l WEST MISSION. NEAK TWELFTH— S
— >O'-i plea sani sunny rooms; second floor.
ri)( A GKOVF — H'WEK FLAT: 4 BOOMS;
I _•■ ha: : iipbt, sunny, nice yard.
r/10 LKT— FINK iKEB FLAT; 7 ROOMS
. 1 and bail). 400 Haighl St. "•'/-"■ •
" V'J9«JI SACRAMENTO — FLAT 5 HOOMS;
1 • '— «->-.« modern improvements: rent $16. —
lit I 9 LOVEI.Y SUNNY- FLAT; 4 LARGE
V -L*-« rooms, bath, gas and yard. 392b Mue-
leenth st-, bet. Noe ana .-anciiez; water free.
»= TO $10 SAVES MONTHLY. 300 FLATS
. C' to let cteap a: SPECK & CO.'S. «o'.' Market.
Q9" MODERN FLAT: 8 ROOMS. BATH.
. •_ — •'■ 1!-8a Ilov.cru st., near Seventh.
4*-KO*oil FLAT; FEDERAL. PLACE, OFF FED-
eral st.: to a tenant without children; $10 per
'month. Key at 639 second st.
/'HEAP MODERN FLATS, b AND 6
.V. rooms. $8 to $16: *■»<• th«>ra. 523 Seventh nt.
• •';■ ■ lIOUSEKEEI'ING KOOMS. -
. • • • Eighth Street.
••■on A EIGHTH — 2 FURNISHED ROOMS,
• «OU"± complete for housekeeping; rent reason-
. able; .sunny corner.
; - ; illinore Street.
•Q1 A 3 SUNNY UNFURNISHED ROOMS;
•rtJStO.U. good yard. 2212 Flllmore st-, near Clay.
i Htli street.
'.iOQI FIFTH-FRONT ROOM AND KITCH-
' _ rf.Z.O% en furnished for housekeeping: first floor.
Grand Avenue.
•Q.^ GRAND AYE., OFF HOWARD, NEAR
'DO Tenth— Furnished front room or room for
..housekeeping.
Howard Street.
% " \OA_ HOWARD- LARGE HOUSEKEEPING
: JOt: rooms; large closet ;xent cheap.
1 1 i )Q. I HOWARD— FRONT SUNNY SUITE,
-. 1 .X~Ovj nicely furnished for housekeeping;
. .bat*; $12.
.••Y.l Ait HOWARD— 2 SUNNY BAY-WINDOW
*J. It^ connecting . housekeeping rooms; rent
..$lO to 88.
• . Jessie Street.
OTQ JESSIE-2 HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS,
.Dip $10; 1 single room; $3.
•' .'. Keamy Streer.
m KEARNY— S UNFURNISHED ROOMS;
-Ivrr ba'.h; board received for rent.
V9Q KEARNY— HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS.;
_-_. O either gas or coal stove: also suite and sin-
gle. .
• 930 KEAKNY — 1 OK 3 FURNISHED
• LOU rooms for housekeeping: coal or gas stove.
i.itikni Street.
. 4.9Q LAP.KIN-S SUNNY FRONT ROOMS
for light housekeeping; terms moderate.
.• J.iliUM - ■ : j t-O .
MINNA-3 LAK(iK sunny UNFUR-
* t *J~IO nished rooms; central; low rent; yard.
Mission Street.
'■Q-OC MISSION — LARGE FRTNT SUNNY
OOU room, $10; light housekeeping. •
' (),((• MISSION- 2 FRONT SUNNY ROOMS
.i/;ttU complete for houseiieeping: others.
• / . Montgomery, Street.
~97 MONTGOMERY, COR. CLAY - OPEN
.»JZ.I until I>:3 o'clock; branch office of Ths
C ail: tutbcnptlons and went ads taken.
M»ffm» Street.
rrri-i NATOMA. COR. EIGHTH— II ED
I'/J or unfurnished rooms; housekeeping; also
"Bi<iele.
•• Pacific Street.
\r W. (Of.. PACIFIC AND HYDE— 7 SUNNY
i->_ unfurnished rooms and bath.
' . i «tlc street.
POLK— a PLEASANT tUNNY ROOMS
OtJ~ for light housekeeping
hunt Street.
•<»99 POST— 2 PLEASANT BACK ROOMS;
•*— 1- furnished for housekeeping: 410; yard.
• •" ' tixili s • <•« .
94.4. SIXTH — FRONT SUNNY lIOUBE-
— 1 1 keeping rooms: furnished complete.
, ,: boutti i'urk.
"I Q SOUTH PARK— 3 PLEASANT CONNKCT-
-*■'' lng room* furnished for housekeeping; $12;
also 1 room, $7.
'iiiril sireo..
1 (Ifjl THIRD ST. — NICELY FURNIFHED
■"■""« housekeeping rooms) very reasonable.
HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS — Continued.
Tenth Street.
"I <)A TENTH — PAKLOR FLOOR: THREE
I — *i complete housekeeping rooms; piano; gas;
reasonable.
lurk Street.
f\ (9 TURK — LIGHT HOUSEKEEPING
*J • «-* suuuy room; running water, gas and bath;
*10. .
Twenty-third Street.
Q79Q TWENTY-THIRD, NX v U. DOLORES— '
0 I — <O 2 furnished rooms for housekeeping. .*: , >
Twenty-fifth Street.
A 1 C 9 TWENTY-FIFTH. FEW DOORS EAST
*x lU_ of CBHtro— 2 sunny unfurnished rooms
suitable tor light housekeeping: bath, laundry;
ladles only: rent $(i.
Turk Street.
091 TURK —FLOOR 4 LOVELY UNFUR.
(DZiX nished rooms and alcove; running water;
bath, gratis. awrißH
' Yu.a :>»•», A yon an.
fTI Q VAN NESS-2 OR 3 SUNNY FRONT
OXO housekeeplnc: newly furntuhea: $12.
KOOMS TO LET.
l>u»h. Mi«o..
1 Q9O BUSH— LARGE SUNNY FRONT
' «'~v" and one small' single front room; run-
ning water and bath; mruished. '
Eddj' Street.
91 Q EDDY— LAIUiK SUNNY ROOM, $12;
—.10 double room, $7: single, $5 and $6.
LightU Street.
SHERMAN APARTMKNT HOUSE. 28 BTH
0 St., near Market: furnished and unfurnished.
Ellis Street.
ROYAL HOCSF.. 126 ELLIS — IXCANDBS-
cent lights In every room: reiulliiK-room. con-
taining daiiy papers: 'smoking-room and ladles'
parlor; open all jilzht: 'rooms per night. 35c to
$1 50: week, $2 to $8: month. $8 to $30: fire es-
capes; elevator on office floor; annex of 65 rooms
now ready -.hot and cold water In each room; batus.
rpHE KAMOXA, 130 ELLIS, MRS. KATE S.
i. ART. manager— A quiet house: centrally lo-
cated; newly furnished: elevator; hot «S cold water.
OQfk EI.LIR-LARGK SUITE . F l-UKNISHED
OO\J parlors; sunny; also one small room.
lillh »IK— 6.
THE COSMOPOLITAN — SELECT FAMILY
hotel: 100 Fifth St., cor. Mission: rooms
60c, 75c and $1 per night:. $2 to $5 per week.
1 fl7 FIFTH— PLEASANT, SUNNY, UNFUR-
X.\J I Dished rooms to let.
•JO- FIFTH— DOUBLE PARLORS; KITCH-
>>£O en: bath; umurclshed ex furnished; aunny
hall room; $5.
Fulton Street.
"I "I f?TFUI.TON- NICELY FURNISHED SIN-
JL-LU gie sunny room; $4.
■ Geary Street.
"1 (\O GEARY — Bi EGA.VTLY FURNISHED
JLUO sunny roome; en suite or single; offices.
91 C GEARY ST., OPP. UNION Mil ARK—
— 1 •) unfurnished rooms; key at -17 Geary st.
QQ7 UKAi.Y- NEWLY FURNISHED SUN-
-00 * ny front rooms.
Q| X GEA..Y— SUNNY ROOMS; SUITE OR
OXO single; folding-beds If desired; reasonable.
(iuiilou Gate Avenue.
Q£>Q GOLDEN GATE AYE.— DOUBLE AND
single room; sunny; carpets, or will fur-
nish. *
E.f|Q GOLDKN GATE AYE.— SUNNY FUR-
OKJO nished room, suitable for 2; also single.
iioward Mi««..
f?<)O HOWAR D— NICELY FURNISHED
\J~-'J sunny rms: doucle and single: gas and baih.
|||({|;l HOWARD— SUNNY FRONT ROOM,
-LVJUU;» large enough for two, $6.
Hunt Street.
Ql HUNT— NEW MANAGEMENT; NICELY
OX furnished room: $1 week up.
' Jts»io >tre«L.
OOf JESSIE — NICELY FURNISHED
*J+*l single room; $4 50 per month.
tt-arny Street,
A I?LrNGTON HOCShi. 327 KKAKNY —
XV Pleasant sunny rooms, en suite and single; first
class In every respect: term* reasonable.
SiUiket Street. . 4 .
VCSKMITE HOUSE. 1045 MARKF.T— PER
X night, $35 to $1; week. $1 60 10*6: families.
1"I 99 MARKET — 8 SUNNY OFFICE
J- X.JLJ+. i rooms; rim floor.
Martha Place.
4 MARTHA PLACE, OFF GEARY, ABOVE
Mas^n— Large sunny room for 2: $8 per mouth.
Mason Street.
A-\ Q MASON— NICELY FURNISHED SUNNY
TtlO rooms; suitable light housekeeping; ceeup.
til MASON — LARGE SUNNY FRONT
OX X room; grate; gas; bath; private family.
Hinna trees.
JOI MINNA-LARGE FRONT ROOM; ELE-
"Oi gaotly famished: $9 month: hot bath.
.Mission Street.
HANCOCK HOUSE, 7»1 MISSION: ("F.LECT
family rooming-bouse: $1 50 to $•} per week.
Q'Q MISSION— LARGE FRONT ROOM, NEW-
-00 V ly furnished, $9; others $4.
Nbloin 1 Street.
P.f\(\l NATOMA— SUNNY FRONT ROOM
O\J\Jii .for 1 or 2 gentlemen: grate.
Nineteenth Street.
QC-C/^ NINETEENTH — SUNN HALL
OUtJU bedroom, also one wltn double bed suita-
ble for two gentlemen; private family.
o'ii.rri>il siren.. •
T--.1 O'FARRELL— FURNISHED ROOM.
Ittl suitable for 1 or 2 gentlemen; private
Jewish family. . .
• lost street.
nOQ POST, CORNER OF STOCKTON.
S LARGE SUNNY OFFICES. SUITABLE
FOR DOCTOR, DENTIST, DRESSMAKER,
MILLINER, ETC; OVERLOOK! PLAZA;
DESIRABLE LOCATION: ELEGANT SUITES.
-
PANDOLPH HOUSE, 601 POST— CHANGED
XX hand*; 50 bay-window parlors: smaller
rooms; running water; gas and grates; $1 50 to $4
per week. .
lir\Q POST— NICKLY FURNISHED BUNNY
UUO large front room, for 1 or i: gentlemen.
— -j Q POST— large unfurnished PAR-
% 1O lors, nnltaule for doctor's office; ulsoiur-
nished sunny suit; teims reasonable.
1 owe.l Street.
99' POWELL, CORNEI GEARY-LARGE
Z.Z.O sunny corner room; nicely furnished
small sunny basement room.
Sixth Street.
QQ MXTH — QUIET SUNNY ELEGANT
DO rooms; nil conveniences; fireproof building.
> Mock inn vine..
mHE EUROPEAN, 17 KTOCKTON— FUR-
X olsbed suites from $4 to $10 a week; single
roo.-ss, $1 "0 to $3 a week; hot and cold water in
every room: baths: transient specialty; elevator.
Sutter Street.
AC)n BUTTER, NR. POWELL— ELKGANTLY
i x£\J newly furnished light sunny r oms, offices;
bath; reasouable; appreciated if seen by doctor.
ri\(\ SCTTEM, CORNER POWELL-SMALL
d\J\) sunny rooma for gentlemen; cheap; board
optional. .
11/jQBUrTER —s U N V FURNISHED
1 1 O rooms an i offices: $16 up: single, $5 up;
gas and bath.
i tor street.
r 99 TAYLOR, NEAR POST— NEWLY FUR-
— '-' nished sunny rooms; modern conveniences;
terms moderate.
COQ TAYLOR (THE • UTICA) — LARGE,
O~ <J sunny front rooms; also single; bath: $16
and $10. • '
: y',; Twelfth Street.
109 TWELFTH- FURNISHED ROOMS
1 JL<u suitable for roan and wife or single men.
Union Street.
Qf\Q UNION— 4 SUNNY UNFURNISHED
. OUO rooms to let.
' * Miscellaneous. . .
SW. COR, SIXTEENTH ST., NEAR MISSION:
• branch office of Tub Call. ' subscriptions and
want ads taken. . •
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 20, 1897.
boarding and rooms.
79?; pink (kbnova)— newlylpurnishu
1 —v ed suites and single rooms; service strictly
first class; references. - -i
ROP, V, AX NESS AVK— NEWLY FU RN ISH-
kj\jkj ed Munny rooms, with board.
HOTKL BitRTLINO. 714 ft; sh-a FAMILY
ho: reftrenc»<: a I modern conveniences.
CHILDREN UOARDED.
I" ADY WISHES CHILD, NOT UNDER S OR 4
J-i years, to board and give lessons la French.
452 Natoma St.
\\r -NTKI>- 2 OB 3 CHILDREN FOR BOARD-
»» Ing; good home; nice family. 3414 Twenty-
sixth st. *
COMFORTABLE HOME FOR A COUPLE OP
V^ children; no objection' to an infan ':' room for
parent if cipslred. Address 334 Seventh st, " ]
I
t STORES TO LET.
1 101 HOWARD— NICK STORK AND TWO
i. 1 «JJ_ rooms; excellent location; very mod-
erate.
ELKGANT STORE, WITH LIVING-ROOMS-
rent reasonable. 825 Howard st.
1 Bf|9 HOWARD-STORE WITH 2 LIVING-
x ~-*J— rooms: rent cheap.
"OAKBEK-SIIOP. WITH BATHS: KBTAB-
XJ lished 16 years: $18 per month; key at 539 ;
second st.
«-arpenter-«nop: $7 per month. 6De Boom St.-
key at 539 Setond m.
Pinmoing-shop; $t5 per month. 3 re Booms'-;
k'.-y at 539 second st.
Corner store, 531 second st.; $14 Ler month:
! key at 539 Second st.
<8»9.-; STORE; 3 ROOMS; LIGHT CELLAR.
«JT -•*-'• 1128 Howard St., near Seventh.
4.1 f< FOURTH-SMALL STORK WITH ROOM
a- 1 " in rear: low rent. Ap*ply to G. H. UMBSEN j
* CO., 14 Montgomery st.
OFFICES TO LET.
OFFICES, MARYE LAW BUILDING, *1504
Marke: si., at *--0 per suite, opposite the Licit
Ma nary. ASHTON & GAKDI.NU.K, 411 Mont-
gomery st.
PART OF FURNISHED OFFICE TO RENT; '
X good location. 809 Kearny, room 8.
DESK HO M CHFAP; LAKCIK SUNNY OF-
flce, furnisbed. Call 69 Columbian building.
ST. ANN'S BUILDING, 6 EDDY ST.. CORN KR I
O Powell— Drsirab.e offices, with gas, janitor and
elevator. BOVEK. TOY A CO.. 30 Montgomery.
EDUCATIONAL.
T UCKHARDT'S COMBINED ASSAY OFFICE
JJ and School ■01 Instruction (incorporated);
PKAiTICA.. and INDIVIDUAL instruction in '
the latest Improved methods In assaying, analysis,
electroplating, CYANIDE process etc. : SPECIAL
ATTENTION given to caieful a buy and analysis
of ores, waters, etc. 26 O'Farreil it.: clevaior.
A SI HOOL OF PHYSICAL CULTURE AND
-V Klocuti <n. 1216 Octavia St., -an Francisco.
Ml-s KLIZA MACKINTOSH. 1 u;.:l of Professor
G. W. Bajnliam, Glasgow, Scotland, and graduate
of the t-ci.ool of Oratory. Philadelphia, Pa..
teacher. Office days. Friday p. v . Saturday a. m.
"< I'.SIVE SHORTHAND" IS THE EASIK-T,
Vj best and cheapest: vowels aud consonant*
Joined: no positions; d-'Strlp.lve pamphlet free;
also Pltrr.an. Graham, Munson and Marsh writers
corrected and speedeJ: tir^-;!nssr*>fere ices. KO:>-
C«'f". KAMi.s. room 70. Flood building.
HEALD'3 BUSINESS v OLLKG X, 24 POST —
Bookkeeping, tuslnoss practice. Rhorthani,
typing, telegraphy. ianKU.tiees, English branches,
♦lectrical engiueerlng; M teachers; 15,000 gr*Uu-
tties; day and evening sessions; catalogue.
KTAVAL ARCiIITF.CTURE, 1L C. McCLEER.
XI 862 Third st. : ship draughtsman and yacht
designer: laying off iron r hips and all problems In
connection therewith taught jiractlca.ly; models
10 order.
A YRES 1 . THK LEADING COLLEGE. lIS
-TV Montgomery st.: virtu*: Instruction la
etiorthand, typ'.n;. bookkeeping, ttle^rapriv. etc.
Lite scholarship $50: low rates per veeitandma.
QTAMMEhING, LISPING, ALL I.MPERFEC-
O xions of speech, positively cured: voice build-
ing, individual instruction; inferences from best in
California. PKOF. it. b. DAVIS. 1508 Market.
LEO COOPKK. SCHOOL OF ACTING AND
Opera, Pantomime and Acting; s;udy of reper-
toire and vocal mos:c. bl4 Geary «L
ENGINEERING SI HOOL; MECH.. E LEC
JUcivlt lulning. survey. a~3<iv, «rchl».. X ray
taught: e5.1864. A. VAN A 1 1. 1. 933 itkt
TIEHL'S SHORTHAND AND ■ BIiSI.NF.SS
College. 723 M«n;« s^ ; »tude;its trained; office
situations secured: lowest raua orcreditfor tuliion
TJIANO TAUGHT IN SIX MO.NTIIH: NKW.
J- <iutck method; $2 bit per month. 828 Hyde at,
PKOF. LOUIS MEKKI: VIOLIN. MANDOLIN,
guitar, cornet; reasonable. 225 Geary, ur. Powell.
SPANISH FRENCH.Etc.: Prof. Ills ULIPI'F/S
Academy of Languages, 320 Post: estab'a Io7L
13OOKKPNO. WKITNO. ARITiIMTC. IiKAMH,
JJdav .Knight: noel» $5 month. 845 Mission.
SINGING; PIANO: PARIS GRADUATE;
French, ueunan languages: $2 mo. 109 Taylor.
p UITAR. MANDOLIN. PjANu ANi» VOCAI.
VJ lessons. $3 ma Mary WVsUiau-,, Z. 9 Fifth.
SUBSCRIPTIONS AND ANT ADS FOR THE
O Call taken at branch otnee, bin Hayes au;
open until a:3O o'clock. t
MEDICAL.
ANEW PROCESS— NO MEDICINE OR IN-
B'rument used; every woman nor own physi-
ci.in for all fema.e troubles, no matter from what
cause: restores always In one day: can be sent
ami used at home; all cases guaranteed: genuine
new pro-ess cau only be had at my office. Adver-
tised 10 years DR. POPPER, 318 Kea ny si.
DR. J. H JO>SELYN, THE GREAT SPECIAL-
tst, still offers his va uab c services to Uir un-
lortnnate. With a mind ma ured aid euric.ied by
studies of an advanced order, there is hardly a
disease In the catalogue of .human ills he cannot
treat to a perfect c..r^ Ladles, he is ulwt.ys ready
to assist you. His knowledge has teen streng.h-
ened by extensive experience, (*O caie peculiar
to your delicate organism Is beyond his sure con-
trol. Jiis female monthly r> mediis are sure and
safe In their effete. His tried and valuable reme-
dies for lost manhood are never-failing in 'heir
action, ana are warrant ed for both youn< and old.
He excels ail others in the cure of private diseases.
ever 61) years of practice enab es him M warrant
a cure Iv all cases. Consu.laUon parlors. HJ6
Market st. Call or write direct to 906 Market st.,
rooms 11 and 12.
A LL CASES OF MONTHLY SUPPRESSION
x\. (from whatever cause) restored In a few
hours: safe and sure at any time; instant relief for
travelers; home in confinement; best care and
privacy; regular physician; 30 years' successful
practice: my celebrate! remedies for monthly
suppression never fail: every case guaranteed con-
sultation free, confidential; hours 10 to 5: pill*sL
MRS. DR. WYKTH, 916 Post St., near Larkln.
A SURE CURE FOR ALL FEMALE DlS-
■r\~ eases from whatever caus--: a home in con-
finement with every comfort: satisfaction guar-
anteed by MBS. GWYER, 226 Tur.c St.
A PROCESS THAT IS PERFECTLY HARM-
less; never falls la any case of monthly sick-
ness, no motter what cause; no elec.rlcuy hum-
nng or other dangerous methods: money in every
case refunded if a cure Is not effected: travelers
helped Immediately; years' experience; home In
confinement with sanitarian convenience. Con-
sult free the only reliable physicians, DR. AND
MRS. DAVIKiS, 14 McAllister st., next Hibernla
Bank: hours, 9a.m. to 6 and 7toB p. w .
A PROCESS THAT NEVER FAILS TO RK-
store every case of monthly sickness from
whatever cause In a few hours when medicines
and others have failed; no Instruments used:
many years' experience: every cast- guaranteed;
advice free; terms reasonable; first-class private
home for confinement. MRS. DR. DALEY, 1126
Market st-, over the Owl Drugstore.
DR. FOU LET'S FRENCH CAPSULES- A.
guaranteed absolute cure for all female dis-
eases (no matter what cause): positively safe and
rare; no danger or after effects: taken In time It
also sets as a preventive: pried $1 60 per box;
rent free by mall on, receipt of prlca. WALLIiH
BROS.. 33 Grant aye.
DR.ANDMRS.WIGENF.It. 626 EDDY ST.;
XJ private home; every comfort: separate rooms
before and auring confinement; female complaints
skillfully treated; regular physician: quick r«itef
for travelers: best care: terms moderate: babies
adopted in good families; consultation free; pills $'J.
MRS. GOODWIN. SPECIALIST, LADIES
near or far; safe, quick cure guaranteed, any
disease or complaint: home for patients: best
skill- free diagnosis! low fees: self-cure. 401
Van Ness aye. •
A LPEAUS FRENCH PILLS— A BOON TOLA-
-TV dies with iem&lc troubles; no danger; safe and
sure: $2 60 express C. O D. ; don't delay until too
late. OSGOOD BROS.. Coast Agents. Oakland;C»l.
AT THE PEOPLK'SONE DOLLAR MEDICAL
J\. Institute all cases treated and medicines fam-
ished for *1 ; call or write. 1029% M rketsu,
bet. blxth and Seventh, iran I'ranciscK, Cal.
ALL FEMALE COMPLAINTS AND DlS-
eascs of the eye permanently cured at Jilts.
DR. SCOTT'S, 410 Geary su ; consultation free.
U PRAK'S FEMALE REGULATING PILLS;
safe and 'efficient emmenagogue; $1 per box.
RICHARDS & CO., druggists, 406 Clay si.,soleagts,
Don't fail to CONSULT DR. JORDAN at
his museum, 1061 • Mantel st.; his 30 year*
tnccessful practice Is a guarantee of fair treatment;
the worst cases treated satisfactorily by mail..
TT^URPA'-bED REMEDIES FOR FEMALE
U troubles, diseases. MRS.Drt. PUETZ - 264J^4tn.
HOME. A FRIEND AND MOTHER'S CARE.
MRS. DR. FUNKE. 1416 Kighth su. Alameda,
K. HALL, 14 MCALLISTER STREET, NKAit
Junes. Diseases of women ana children. . ,
PERSONALS.
"I^LDERLY LADY OF REFINEMENT WOO] D
Xli like to make the acquaintance of elderly gen-
tieraan of some meann; object, home: view to
matrimony or woud keep house for Protestant
widower, with farm y, preferred. Address MRS.
M. S . D.. box 80, Call orlice.
SAY! GOTO 1105 HOWARD ST. FOR 6 GAL-
O lons of good coal oil at 65c, or send order tor
same.
WATCH RECEIVED; THANKS: WRITE
*' soon.
EUROPEAN YOUNG KNIGHTED GEKTI.E-
-man of means: ta I and robust; total abstainer:
won d marry lady of wealth fond of traveling;
references exchanged. I Address W.. box 130, inn
olh\e, and include photo. {
IKS Kill WILLIAMS. FORMERLY AT
Marguerite House, this lily, please send ad-
dress to H. P., box 1, «.all Office. ■
A DVICE FREE: DIVORCE LAW- A SPKC-
I XV Ulty: private; no fee without success: pro-
i bate, insolvency, wills, collections, bills of sale'
damages, etc. : private detectives: estab. 10 years.
G. W.HOWE, ai:y-at-law, 850 Market,cor.Stocktn
A lady told me that while i was
doing first-class hair-dressing for 25c she
would never go to a higher-priced place. . lclal>n
to do as good work as any establishment charging
twice my price; shampoo and plain halr-dresslii;.
50o; halr-dressinc and treatment with QUI>O-
Ma Hair Tonic, 50c. G. LEDERER, 111 Stock-
too. .. ..■ v ■■■■" •,'■'.'
LOOIi AND NERVOUS DISORDERS
are successfully treated with DR. SMITH'S
KLhCTK -MAGNETIC BaTHH
Curs guaranteed: board and sunny room, if de-
sired, reasonable: free consultation 1 to Sand 6 to
8; Sundays, 10 to 12. 1533 BUCHANAN ST.
MM . J. PHILLIPS. HUMAN HAIR MEK-
chan ; artist in hair and ladies' hairdresser.
Removed to 120 Geary, above Grant aye.
PRIVATE UETECITVE WOMK DONE REA-
X 3onab c: 10 years' experience: hr«. 10 to 12 it..
2to s*. 7 to B p. M. O.K.WEB.VIER, 1027 Marketer. U.
P» INTJNG MATERIAL FOR. SALE CHEAP.
8 Montgomery aye., room 13.
I LD GOLD BOUGHT: HIGHEST PRICES. O.
I v 7 NOLTE, jeweler, 222 O'*arrell su. nr. Mason.
lylO OUT DUO i: STKHtOPTICON >HOW EVE-
• > ry night cor. Market and Sixth sts.: artistic ad-
, vertisements in living llsht: promoters of bust-
i ness, consult OWL ADV. CO.. 1140 Market st.
BURNISHED ROOMS; BEAnONAB E. MRS.
X I L. DEAN. 908 Howard bu, near Fifth.
MLSS OLLIE I.AKK. CARD READER AND
magnetlsu Rooms 3 and 4. 809 Sutler.
HH M IDT, SANITARY PLUMB KB,
• gastilter. b23GoldcnGate ay. Tel. .Sutler -471.
[ Q STROZYNBKI. 24IGKARY ST., EXPERT
O. European hairdressers and cutters; employs
no apprentices; price* equal toother*.
CVEGRANT WILL HEAR OF SOMETHING
. to his ad van ago by calling upon LAN DRY
IC. i;a BIN, 4 i3 Kearny fit.
PAINTING, WHITENING. PAPERING:
lowest estimates :best work guaraute d; wall pa-
per Sc roll. EDWARDS. 1200 Webster, cor. Eddy.
MI-S KEEGAN ( FORMERLY WITH a LED-
erer) liw opened a stylish halrdreMlng parlor;
j latest effects ;price 26c 124V4OFarreil. Powell.
I 1(11111 CARDS. $1 5a SHOW CARDS. KTG
IUUU 'lei. Black 141. HILL, 22V, Geary st.
(i; 1 A DOZEN — FINK CABIN clo *» 4' \v iw
«Jpl son's wallerr. 10J8 Market.
FLO 7 aIONTGOMEjIY ST.. BRANCH OFFICE
UjL t Ihk UiL. waut ads aud subscriptions
1 taken.
I l^ ARTINGTON'S eCIIoOL OF MAGAZINE
i and Newspaper Illustration: particulars as to
I terms, etc., 424 .Pine au: illustration* loiuiahed
for magazines, new s;>ai>ers, etc
ARTISTIC H»IRI)KE>NI.N(i, 25c; 25 FOR
cases of hair failing or dandruff 1 cannot cure.
MRS. UUBBAB.D. 1104 Market »v. room 28.
PUPTURE AND PILES CURED: NO PAY
XV until cored: send for book. DBS. Mans.
FIELD & I'ORTKRFIELD. h3» Market. St.
At AUM — NEW PROJECTING MA-
il chine: uses the Klneioscope nliu«; price t-b'X
BACIGALCPI. 946 Market si.
ALL PAPER, 40 A ROLL: i'APER HANG-
'» Ing. pal Mi up etc.. by contract or day's work.*'.
your own pnee. N.K. MKKIUAN. 1302 Webster su
| IU! CTBIC LIGHTS. IN EVERY ROOM;
! Hi Winchester House. 44 Third st,, nr. Market;
■ 100 rooms. 25c to $1 M) per night: $1 50 to (6 per
week ; free bus and bagsage to and from the ferry.
pLOAKS. FUKs A.\ji SUITS KKTaILKD A l"
\J wholesale price*. Factorr. SO hantomii nt.
. CLAIRVOYANTS.
LI. HAIL HER MARVELOUS FKKDIC-
<• V tons; only medium t:uaraut«ring dead win-
ning tips on the Curbett-Flizsimmons prize-tight:
named 3 winning numbers lv the last lof.ery
drawing: can give you a sure thing at the race-
track: ladles, consult. her on domestic and love
affa r*; removes evil influences and possesses only
•Napoeou" .ta.l man. MiS» VAN DIS VEKE,
Parisian uropheiess. parlor 1, 1 Fifth at-
MMX. DB THOMAS. SCIENTIFIC REVEAL,
er by eggs and cards: tells entire life, past.
present, future: consultations on all affairs: noth-
ing excepted; names given: good advic*: sura
help; resion-s lost lova by sympathy; mistake Im-
possible: fee *1; letter (2" 929 Post st, or Larktn.
MBS. L. EHKHORN, CLAIRVOYANT, SITS
dai'y; circle Monday and Thursday evenings
j 8 o'clock: 25c up. 1147 Mission si.
MRS. WILSON, CARD-READER, REMOVED
to 38 Eddy su, first floor, room 1. from 10b*
Fourth su
ME. MORKAU. BEST CLAIRVOYANT AND
medium in city: fee 25c up. 764 Howard su
TDEALIE, TRA.\CE MEDIUM: PASf. PRES-
X ent and future; readings 50c. 51 Fifths:.
MISS IN A COHEN. PARISIAN CARD-
reader and magnetisU B. 10 and 11. 122 Posu
MB. HAN SEN, PALMIST, CARD-READER;
past, present and future: 23c. 143 Sixth, r.5.
MISS MELVILLE. WELL-KnV>WN CLAlR-
vorant, 51 Fifth St.; water readings a specialty.
ME. RAVEN A READS LIFE FLUENTLY:
business advice: names given: 25c up.s Fourth
! CONSULT THE PKOPlii- TKSS: PAST, PRKS-
i \J ent and future; 25c 243 a Shipley st., oft Fifth.
GY I'SY LIFE- LEADER, 3 SKVENH ST.;
ladles 25c, gents 60c: all questions answered.
MMX sYaiLLK TELL-. FUUM CRADLK TO
grave; pictures plTen: lndies "J6c: »-14 iTTilitl
SPIRITUALISM.
CV. MILLER'S TRUMPET SEANCE: 8
. o'clock; 25c; to-morrow, 12 o'clock, Mother
Sadie materializing seance. 635 Post su; 50c,
] ADIES AID SOCIETY WILL HOLD A
Xj social and dam wild refreshments, to-night
at 418 McAllister st: admission 10c.
I Q7 MARKET ST.— SPEAKING AND TEST
• V 4 10-nlghU Mrs. Kale Husking, Mrs. Robin-
son, Meda Ha-klns; 10c. ' *
\.I RS. C. J. MEYER, CIR. TO-NIGHT. TUES.,
J»l Wed. and Fri., 2 P. M.; 10c : tranceAclr.. Mon. A
FrL eve.. 2Sc: sittings dally. 328 McAllister st.
VI MX. OHJIAA, SPIRITUAL TRANCK MEDI-
-IU. urn: life readings, love a ff.l in, business invest-
ments,mlnlng speculations a specially. 838 Mission
Edna WALLACE, "THE ORIGINAL" ME-
.diiim and magnetic healer. btis'^ Market at
room 10.
VI R.s. MAYO STKERS, 1121-, OAK; CIKCLK
I*l Tuesday, Bp. 11.", Tburs., it p. v. ; readings $1.
MRS. H. a. GRIFFIN-rCiR. SUN. EVK.; 25c>
U-st iutg. Thar. eve. ; stga dally. 426 Vi Grow
AM. FRANCIS, INDEPENDENT HLaTE
• writer. 118 ilr.l;lu St.; hours 9 until P. m.
RS. KLLIS, MEDIUM: bITTINGs.9 Tt>B, 11;
circles Toes., Fri.. 2p. it.. 25c 233 Valencia,
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY. CLAIRVOYANT,
i*l irancn test medium «t !lft> reader. 218 Stockton
HYPNOTISM.
HYPNOTISM SCIENTIFICALLY TAUGHT:
success grid. lly pnotlcM estnuric Ins, G O*Farrell
HORSES.
A(\ HORSES FOR SALE; ALSO WAGONS.
IV buggies, carts, harness; Grand Arcade Horso
Market, 327 sixth sL: auction sales every Wed-
nesday. SULLIVAN & DOYLE, Auctioneers.
I A ROE STABLE AND LOFT FOR BENT
l-i cheap. : Linden aye., neur Van Ness. .
ALL KINDS OF TURNOUTS 'TO LKT AND
for sale. M.F. BOY UK'S livery staule. 38 12thst
Crt HKAD OF HORSES SUITABLE FOR ANY
Ul/btSilness 900 to 1500 pounds. O,d Turk-su car
stables, 1801 Turk; team of large young mules.
Mill SET NEW AND feKCONU-HA-Su UAH-
O\J\J ness: all kinds: buggy. wagon, cart*. surre/
A rockawav; 40 cheap horses. 15th ami Vtleni-i »
,T WAGONS ANIJ CARRIAGES.
VfKW ANDSKCO.VD-HAND BAKER. LAUN-
Xi dry and mllk-wacon: also fine top buggy and
roc lea way. B*B Harrison su •
riiOTOiiitAniEiis ■ supi'Hjes. '
BEST GKI. TINK PAPER IN MARKET IS
•Defend, price low; try lv sole Coast
AKencv. California Camer« Company, 22 Geary «v
STORAGE. *•■'-': -
7>KDUCKD KATES, FURNITUKE, PIANOS,
XV housebolu gooJa, eic. J. M. PIKBCE, 735 iikc.
 CITY REAL. ESTATE. .
\\i 'antkd— to " iuTy" on installment
*» nlan, house 7 to 9 rooms, W. of t.eaven worth,
N. of Halght: mi><l be Ixr^aln. O. P., box 7, Call
ONLY 1 LEU-NEW HOUSES, JUST COM-
pleted: sunny side Cole st. near Waller; 10
rooms; large lot, 125 feet deep; street 10 be biiu-
mlnized. Apply on premises.
ta-KAA WILL' BUY PKCPERTV WHICH
£r«JUU nets «15 per mouth. EASTON, ELD-
RIDGE & CO., 6<B Market St.
DRY' HOUSES TO LIVE IN, OR CHEAP LOTS
to build on. PATTERSON CO., 2 Valencia.
MONEY TO LOAN
A LOANS ON FURNITUKE OR PIANOS,
. In S. F. , Oakland or Alameda. at lowest rates:
without removal: no commissions: no delays.
J. NOOJN'AN, 1017 to 1023 .uisaiuu su, above Sixth,
telephone Jessie 41. . .' „,-
Cl'-Mlfi f)(\f\ AT 6 % PKR CENT on CITY
«JpOUU.UUU real estate: also Oakland :estates,
life insurance, second mortgages, any sum. Man-
hattan Loan Co., 10 Mil s building, ground floor.
HIGHLY RKsi'KCTABLE AND PKIVATB
place to obtain the most liberal advances on
diamonds and jewelry at tne wry lowest rates.
Baldwin Jewelry store, 948 Markeu
ANY AMOUNT; IST, SD;OR 3D MORTGAGES,
estates, undivided interests, real estate In pro-
bate: furniture, and pianos without removal.
McCOLGAN, 24 MontEomery su. room 3. -
A— PRIVATE AND RESPECTABLE, WITH
very right interest, is the secret of our success.'
Cut-rate Luan Office, Flood building, >09 Markeu
QQ 4 OHO AT 'BANK KATES: IST an
i&O'ljO.yjyjyJ 2d mortca^es. estates, rents, etc:
lend as low as $50. H. MURPHY. 628 Market St.
VV HY PAY HIGH INT. ON SMALL LOANS?
" We loan at 650 Interest per mo. on each $100
on 2d mortgage; any security. Gold, box 4, Call.
PRIVATE PARTY LOANS ON ANY GOOD
X security: interest ow. Add. J. W., box 45, Call.
ON PIANOS, WITHOUT REMOVAL: VERY
low interest; uocouimissioa. 116 McAllister st.
ON FURNITURE; VERY LOW INTEREST;
\J no commission. SCRIBNEK, 7 City Hall aye.
00,000 ON CITY AND COUNTRY PKuP-
«lpOerty; low rates. A. Scili LI.KH, 420 Cala. St.
I OANp. ON REAL ESTATE: LOWEST RATE
J> of interest. J AS, 1 ..8 > OOKS. 214 Pine, r 58-59.
MONEY TO LOAN ON KEAL ESTATE; ANY
amouau WILLIAMS, .'l4 Pine st., room 3.
Ojtrk 1O f6O. 000; UjW tal 1 I.Alt: KM Jt .;
mortgag«: Hat or lnsilnint. Dry den. 535 Cal.
ADVANCES ON DIAMONDS.Jr.WEL.KY. Iit 1
Colombia Loan A ( ollatoral otilcp. 9 <>rant >vi>.
I>ENTISTS.
FULL SET OF TEETH. *7: WARRANTED 5
years; painless extraction: see our new combina-
tion plate: thinnest, lightest, coolest plate mad*;
warranted Iv y.ars: till Ings. 50c; crowns, 43 .0.
CHICAGO DENTAL PARLORS, 24 Sixth stree:.
CROOME DKNTAL ASSOCIATION, 759 M.AR-
ket, bet. Sd aud 4th; gas specialists: painless
extract, ng. with las, $1: plates, $5 up: till, $1 up.
©7 FULL SET TEETH: BEST MAKE;
O * • kept It repair; extracting free; tidings, soc;
crowns, $3 50. Paciilc Dental Parlors, 18 Third.
DR. J. J. LEEK. 1126 MARKET ST.: OPEN
evenings; Sundays till dodo.
POSITIVELY PA IN LK»I EXTRACTION. DR.
X HARDING, 600sutter cor. Powell, 1ei. ma1n5375
COLJ'O.V DENTAL ASSOCIATION, MM ilAU-
ket St. DR. CHA RLE-. W. DBCKKtt,
C>l7 A SET FOR TKKTH— WARRANTED A^
O • pood as can be made-, nllln; 51 DR t-IMH*
dentist, 930 Market at., next Baldwin Theater.
PAINLESS KXTRACIION. SOC; CROWN
X bridge work a specialty: plates $5 up: 13 yean 1
experience. K. L. WALSH, D.D. 81554 Geary.
DR. LUDLUM HILL! 1443 MARKET ST KB.
Eleventh; no charge tor extracting when
plates are made: old plates made over like new;
teeth from $8 per set: extracting (>oc-. gas van.
XT Or 1 TtE'l li WITmuUI 1 wi.r*.^.u- Uii.
O 11. G. Young. 1841 Polk s"_
DX UhOSUli W. LEEK. THK UKNUINK
Leek dentist, discoverer of painless extraction
and patentee of improved bridge work or teetA
without any plate, moved from to •iOO'FarrelU;.
ALL WORK KKASONABLK AND WAR-
ranted. DP. J. W. KEY. 112J Market su
TRUSTEES' SALES.
rnRUSTEKS'SALE-IN ACCORDANCE WITU
X the terms and under the xiuho itv of a certain
need of trust, duly executed by KDHAR L. DOW,
: p«rty of the tlrU part, to HENRY C. CaMP-
t-Ki.l. and THADDEUS B. KENT, trustees, par-
ties of the 3?cond part, and the SA N KRANC SCO
bAVI.NiJs U - lON, party of the third part, dated
June 21st. 1892, and recorded In th- cilice of the
1 County Ke< order of the county of'Alaraeda. State
| of California. In liber 445 • f de«d3. at pages 429
I and loliowme. and in pursuance of a resolution
j -passed on the 15th day of October. 1896, by the
Board of Directors of said* SAN FRANCISCO
SAVINGS UNION, a corporation, and the bolder
; of the no:e (No. 11.7. 5), to secure payment of
I which the aforesaid deed of trust was executed,
declaring that default had been made in the ; ay-
i ment of the principal sum and other sums due
under said note and deed of trust, an 1 requesting
and directing said HENRY C. CAMPBELL and
THADDKUS B. KENT, trustees, to sell the real
estate described therein to satisfy said indebted-
ness.
We, HENRY C. CAMPBELL and THADDEUS
B. KKNT, trustees, do hereby give notice hat on
FRIDAY, the 26th day of February. A. D. 1897,
at 12 o'clock noon of that day, and at the auc.lon
salesroom of Wm. J. Dliigee, N"O3 460 and 462
1- igblb street, tv the city of Oakland, county of
A lam* da. Slate or California, we will sell at public
auct on. to the higbesi bidder, for cash In cold coin
of tne United suites, the piece or parcel of land
sllua:e In the township of Brook yu. county of
i Alameda. State ct Caliiornla, described as fal-
| lows. :o wit:
- Commencing a' a point on the westerly line of
Oranxe avenue, distant thereon two hundred and
! fifty (250) feet sou heriy from the southerly line
jof hkst 'I weiiiy-s-Teiuh street, and running
I thence southerly aiony said 11: c of Oranee avenue
one hundred (100) feet: thence at right angles
westerly one hundred and titty (150) feet to tne
easterly line of Sunnystae avenue; thence at
right anile* northerly aioiu the last-named line
on* hundred (100) feet, and thence at rich angles
easterly one hundred and. fifty (150) feet to the
point of commencement:
Being lots numbers twenty-five (25) and twenty-
six (26) in block numb* rone (1), a* laid down and
delineated on the map entitled. "Map No. 2 of the
Blasdei Tract ast taiclana Heights resubdi-
vlded June, 1820, W. F. Boardman. C. E..' filed
June 9. IH9O, in the orlice of the County Recorder
of said county of Alameda.
- '1 ogetner with the appurtenances.
Terms or sale— Cash in go d coin of the United
States: ten par cent payab c to the undersigned on
the fall of the hammer; balance on delivery of
deed; and if not so paid, uniest for want of title
(ten days being allowed for search), then said ten
percent to be forfeited *nd .he sale to be void.
ACts of sale at purchaser's expens -.
. HKNKY C. CAMHBELL,\_ " „
■J Ha DDK us KKNT. ; Trustees.
'rpRUSTEES' SALE —IN ACCORDANCE
1 with the terms and tinder the authority of a
certain deed of trust, duly executed by CARRIE
L. COoK <feuime sole), party of , lie first pirt. to
HKNKY C. CAMPBELL and THADDEUS B.
KKNT, trustees, parties of the second part, and
the SAN FRANCISCO SAVINGS UNION,
parly of the third par., dated July 13th.
1832, and recorded in the ofllca of the
County Recorder of the county of Alameda,
Slate of California, in liber 445 of deeds, at" pages
■401 and fol owing: and in pursuance of a resolu-
tion passed on the 28th day of January, 1b97, by
the hoard or Directors of said AN FRANCISCO
SAVJ..GS UNION, a • orporatlon, and the holder
of the note (No. 31.771), io secure payment of
which the aforesaid deed of trust was executed,
declaring thai i.efault had bte:i made in the pay-
ment of the principal sum a. d other sums due
under said note and deed of trust, and requesting
and directing said HENRY v.VCAMPBa.LL and
TUADDEUS B. KENT, trustees, to s 11 the real
esta:e peacribed therein to sat.sfy said indebted-
. ness.
We. HENRY C. CAMPBELL and THADDEUS
R. KENT, trustees, do hereby give notice that on
FRIDAY, tne 26tli day of February. A. D. 1897, at
12 o'clock noon of that aav, and at the nuction
salesroom of Wm. J. Dlm:eo. >Os- • 460 • and 462
Eighth street, in the city of Oakland, county of
Alamtda, State of California, we will sell at pub-
lic auction, to the high bidder, for cash in gold
coin of the United Slates, the pieces or parce aof
land, situate in the town of Berkeley, county uf
Alamedu, state of California, described as follows,
to wi. : .--..;,
Lois numbers eight (8) and eleven (11) at laid
down and delineate^ on the map entitle l "Map of
Peraita Park, Berkeley, Alameda Coun y, Cal.,"
filed March 24th. 1888. In the OiUce of me County
Recorder of said county of Alameda, and now of
record in liber 11 of maps at page 49, a..d to
wnich map and the record thereof special refer-
ence is beieby n ade for further or more particular
description, to. ether with the appurtenances. '
. Terms of Ha «s— Cash In gold coin of the United
Mates: ten per cent payable to the undersigned on
the fall of the hammer; . balance on delivery of
deed; and If no. so paid, unless for want of title
(ten days lelng al.owed for search), then said ten
per cent to be forfeited and the sa.e to be void.
Acts Of sale at purchaser's expense.
HENRY C. CAMPBELL 1 -. .„
THADDEUB B. KKNT, /Trustees.
LEGAL NOTICKS.
VTOTICt; 18 HKKEBY UIVKX THAT THKRE
Xi are fun.is iv tbe treasury to redeem bonus
issued on Levee DUtr.ct .vo. 1 of Sutler i ounty,
Cal.. according to an act of the Legislature ap-
proved April 9 1880. as follows, to wit: Bond No.
93, $500; bond No. 9J, faOO: hor.U No 91, «i 00:
bo id Xa 00, $500; bond No, 89, «500; bond No.
88. »500: bo:id Xa 87. ?500; bond No. 86. »500-
-bund -No. 85, *500; bond No 84. $500: boud No.
«3, $500: Lond No. Bii, »50O; bond Xo. 74, $500-
-bond -No. 73. $500; bond No. 72, $500: bond No.
71, $50). and uond >o. 70. (500; and thut ac the
explraliuu or thirty days trom the date of this
notice if said bonds are not presented for redemp-
tion th(!iutt?reit thereon wiil ccaat.-. from and after
which time no interest shall be allowed on said
bonds. ! . J- COPK,
Treasurer or su:ter County, Cal.
Dated Vuba City, February lb. ibSZ
COUNTRY REAL. ESTATE.
VI cMAHAN ESTATE
"'^ ~ COLONY TRACT
Is being so.d In-small holdings to actual settlers
at reasonab'e pr res and on most favorable terms;
no land in the world ii rl her than thut in the val-
ley of the PutHh cr-«-k; none CHn surpass In fer-
ti I y of soil and beauty of lo:aton the McMnhan
rancho. adjacent to the town of Winters.
Formerly a part o the old Wolfskin ur»nt,
known far and wide as the very ben tract of land
In California. Putah creek flows through the Me-
Maban tract and every foot of the 40C0 acres now
bel i subdivided will- produce anything, from
cabbages and onions to oranges, lemons and pome-
BraaaJtM. The location is bin 75 mile* irom fan
Fianclsco and is in the midst of as beautiful a
conn try its one could wish to see. It Is an ideal
region for the intelligent, ma ustrious, well-to-do
koine-seeker.
Send for maps and lull information.
BOVEE. TO & SONNTAG.
t 30 Montgomery St., jj, F.
WE ARE BELLING I HAT SPLENDID NUT
»» orchard of the Hatch- Armstrong Nut autl
' 1 ruh Company; 20- -ere lots: alt full-bearing
trees; don't fail to icquire about -.hi*.
BOVIiE, "IOY A SONNTAG,
30 Montgomery st.
AlO-ACKE PRUNE ORCHARD: ON LEVELJ
rich bottom land; fronting on Alumeda Creek,
in Alameda County.
BOVEE, TOY * SONNTAG,
' • 30 Montgomery at.
THE 1600-ACRE GOAD TRACT. IN ALA-
-L meda County, Is coin; in subdivisions of 25 ■'
acres up as low as ?^5 per acre; send for map
and description.
BOVEE, TOY & SONXTAG,
30 Montgomery st.
BLUE LAKES SUMMER RESORT. WITH
260 acres and all building improvement-, la
oiT • red for sale or exchange; this proper. is clear
of all debt: si.b:ini an offer.
BOVEE, TOY A SONNTAG.
SO Montgomery st.
A SUBDIVISION OF LITTLE ORCHARD
-t\- homes, only 3!) milea from this city; 10 acres
up In full bearing on hard: froniinz stream,
county road and laliroad; sen I for mapj. -
. :, - BOVEE, UOY & SONNTAG.
c'O Montgomery st.
i LMO3T GIVEN AWAY.
616 acres. $25 per acre; near San Leandro, Ala-
rr.edu County; divided by ream running all the
year; hoiu- 10 looms: bar and numerous out-
houses: 100 acres now in wheat; nil fenced: a
por.ion can be irrigated; stock and tools go with"
the place; an easy drive from Oakland. : .- '
* BOVA.JC, TOY & >unntag,
SO Moutgomery st.
VOR SALE— AT A SACRIFICE, 20-ACRE
-T frultrancb within 40 miles of San Francisco: s-
room house, etc.: would take Inn. roved city prop-
erty: pri. c $2700. Address 410 Kearay, room 10.
I OS, (i \T6i — 10% ACRES; HALF-HOUR
■i walk from station: house, barn, wood, water;
trade for city, Oakland, Alameda, Lorin; price
52700. 21 04 Everett st<% Alaiueda. ', /
O\K AMD A HALF MILES FKOM SANTA
Rosa: 5 acres fine Lottom land, bounded by 2
creeks; house anil barn; easy terms. J. T. PE-
TKhi?, Mils building.
LUX >ALE— A FINK LOT IN COLMA, AT A !
1 sacrlflc?. Address P. >i, box 80, Cal OtHce.
BAhGAIN: $25 TO $35 PEK ACRE; CUOIi E
land; 2 hours' ride irom the city. H. J. DIG-
GLES, 69 Columbian buildinir, >. F.
FJR sa«E— l2uO RES GR.AIX AND FRUIT
land; fenced and Improved. Inquire .N. A.
BR.I TON, Williams, Cal. .
GARDEN land FOR or •IN land
prices: very cho cc for lrur.. vegetables or al-
falfa: no irrigation needed: cheap transportation
to market: we.l improved. LAKE, room 70, 916
Market St., S. K. • ,
END FOR ILLUSTRATED PAMPHLET OF
California land* for sale dv H. FRANCIS,
rooms 69-71, Chronicle balding, ban Franclsco.CaL
RANCH BAt'.UAIN: »5 PEK ACRE; 1280
acres timber; plenty water; excellent stock
ranch ; best part of Kern Co. li., box 20, Call Otlice.
LITTLE HuMES I LOSK JO TOWN; IM-
■i proved; easy terms: also 4 to 12 acre pieces
on U and 1 . years' credit. D. B. TWING, So-
noma City; every Mont!.-iT at 632 Market st.. X F.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— oO» BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
lAM/AUTHHRIZKD BY THK BANK TO
sell a modern broom house; first-cuss condi-
tion; 2 blocks to local station mi electric-cars:
lot 44x100; cost original owner $4500; can oe had
for the mortsase, $2600; part cash. J. S. MYERS,
1002 Bread way, Oakland.
BY ORDER OF TUB LANK. A JIODEHN
house: 8 rooms and bath: lot 44x100: fine
location:-2 blocks from station; 1; taivtru at once
can be bad lor (-.500; easy terms, if desired.
WILLIAM J. DIN GEE, 60 Eighth st , Oakland,
ffljOKfWl YOUR OWN TEKMS; ONE
— O\JVt. block to local train: modern cottage;
a b.r am: also »c • our $1650 house. WM. P.
TODD, 1002 Broadway, Oakland. <
WAXThD- PLACE IN ELMHURST IN EX-
II change for very larae lot. and modern 5 room
cottase in I.orln; price $2260: no mortgage. .Ap-
ply Immediately to A. J. bNYDKH & CO., 467
Ninth St., (akland.
©7 p. TO $150 FOR CHOICE BUILDING
«p I O lots la the town of yitchburt;; a new sta-
tion established near Oakland, on the Haywardi
and ban Leaudro local line, by the Southern PaciUo
Company; only 45 minutes from San Francisco
and 6 minuted from Oakland: electric-cars every
. <■»■ minutes: terms to suit buyers. . Apply to
C. M. hI'SKUi, owner. tolCVa Wa^hingum sl,
Oakland Cat.*
&LAMEOA ADJMTISEMENrS
A LAMED A. KEAL FSTATR.
(•-BOOM M DERN »-STt>BT HOUSE AND
•' bath, 1 minute from (.'hestnut-su station, Ala-
meda, for sale; l •• cash, balance easy itrms: or
lease; lot 50\15u; fine garden, greenhouse, lawn
ami chlckeu-yaril : -reason for ■ selling, sickness.
Address B. -' box 65, Call Office.
ON ACCOUNT OF LEAVING WILL SELL
large 6-room modern cottage on donble lot at
I great sacrifice: location most desirable and con-
venient. Apply to owner, N. BARTON, 1437 Me-
Fherson St., jv lamed a.
OiOA A FRONT FOOT; 100x150; STREET
«IT^-^ work all done: on a main avenue: 2 blocks
from Willow-street s.ation. W. B. FITCH,. Bay
Station . Alameda, or a MAN LYuN, 215 Kearny
at, San Francisco. - ' ■ • • ' '
■ I AKGAINf-S3O PKK FOOT;LO I's ON NORTH
1 > side San Antonio avo., near Grand st.
•1250-50x160; tan Jos'* aye., nr. Willow st.
- $1750— W. new modern house. 5 rooms
and bath; nvr:.i side ox street; to us; be sold ac
once.
.Many other sacrifices.
ALaMEDA LAS D CO..
, . . 1600 Park St.. Alameda.
' ALAMEDA • ROOMS AND HOUSES.
i-KOOM MODERN HOUSE, WKLL LOCATED,
G 35. See H. A. SMITH, 27 Market st, or at
residence, 2067 San Jose aye., Alameda.
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE. ..
SO YOU WANT TO RAISE CHICKENB, DO
you? Look at this: nearly an acre of t; round;
level: only »750; just the tiiine. JOS. J. MASON.
,lierkeley station. ,
MUST BK SOLD; NO REASONABLE OFFER \
refused; house of 6 rooms: bath: .stable: cliic »-
en-house: street work done: near the cars. JOS.
J. MAS N. Berkeley station '
BERKELEY HOUSES.
r'URNISHED 8-ROOM HOUSE ' COMPLETE,
' bath, gas, laundry; near 3 car lines. MUS. S.
J. I.NUALLS, 2122 Bancroft way, Berkeley.
PROPERTY TO EXCHANGE. ;
IMPROVED STOCK RANCH To EXCHANGE
■L for good Chicken ranch; will pay some cash.
Exchange, box 131, Call.
WILL .RADE A VALUABLE RANCH OF
about 1800 acres ' In southern Oregon for
property In Tacoma, Portland or Seattle: ranch
produces an lncoiue; Is under fence; 200 acies
under cultivation;' ti.le perfect and free from in-
cumbrance. CALVIN PHILIPS, Tacoma, Wash-
ington. „-.;,'; . . -.■'
"L^INE NKBRASKA FARM, 160 ACRES, $5000,
X tor business or property. DECKER, 10J0 Mkt.
QEXU KUi; OCR List OK ORCHARD HOMK-J
O »or sale. WoOsTKK A WHIT In v S:«n Ja«».
PROPERTY WANTED.
TIT ANT D— FROM 6TO 10 ACRES OF LAND,
' » with small bouse. J. J. DKCKKit, Station X,
San Francisco, Cal.
HOTELS.
ÜBOOKLYN HOTEL, 208-ai2~~BUSH ST,
■li board and room $1 to (2 per da/, $6 to $12
per week: choice rooms 60 cents to $1; suite
rooms for family $1 to SI 50 per night: Ural-class
service; tfee coach. CHAKLK3 aiuMooilfcUY
PROFESSIONAL CARDS. '
JOHN E. RICHARD^ LAW OFFICES. KOOSH
is and ' 27, Crocker buiiaiiiM; Mtiepuoua AUia
"iS, ban Francisco. Cat. .
UU.\ It AITKEX AND MAURICE L. ASHEK
atLvs a. law. mis 51a.51a. £>vi aoor, ParrouoUU
HAKMAGB' LICENSES.
Th« following marriage licenses have b«en
Issnci by the County Clerk's office:
Clifford B. Manges and Mand A. Snrin?. 22— 17
Forrest B. Frt*oraau and FreJa Greniioh, $*—
Frank C. Reynolds and Mabel E Glazier, 26—20.
John A. McCormick and Annie Marshall. 23— 22.
J. E. Carberry and jlarscarmte M-Keaay,22 — 21
J. H. Lawtcrd and Winifred E. OriftVn, 32—18
Julius Tro«t r>.:i.l Kva >.>rewi!«»r, 40—20.
Bilii bis— MAßK! iitiim
[Birth, marrlatr? and death notices sent by mall
will not be inserted. They mast be handed la a;
either of tie publication office* and be lndorte 1
with the name an l residence uf person* author»*l
to have iha same published, i
BORN.
DAY— In this city. February 23, 1897, to the wife
of Char ca A. Day, a daughter.
Dk PRlSSK— February 24, 1897, to the wife of
V. A.de Prosse. a son.
HARTSOUGH— In this city, February" 17, 1897,
to mb wife of David HaiUough. adaushter.
LUTJENS— In this city. February 6. 1897, to the
wife of Captain C. Luij'Mis. a son.
MORAN-In this clty.\ February 22. 1597, to the
wife of Thomas F. Moran, a daughter.
SAiOYAR- In this city. February 25, 1897, to
; h«> wife of A. .1. Balorar, a daughter.
MAKKIED.
'HARRISON— SHAW —In Stockton, Ca!.. Febru-
ary IS, 1897. by the Rev. D. G. MacKinnon,
Alfred Franklin Harrison and Adria Louisa
thaw, daughter of Ueury G. Shaw, botu or
Stockton.
MURPHY— FARKELL— In this city, February
'2 5, 1897, a: Holy Cross Cburcti by the Rev.
Joseph McQualde, Edward J. Murphy and Hal-
tie Farrel;. .-,•■■-
PAULSEN— SCHILLING— In this city, February
23, 1897. by th» Rev. J. M. Buehier, Henry H.
l'aulsen and Minnie E. Scnliling.
POOL-DON AGUE i —In this city, February SI,
18U7, by -.be Rev. J. M. Buehier, James J. Pool
and Kittle Donazher.
SAND— RICK— In this city. February 24. 1897,
by the Rev. J. M. Buehier, George F. band an!
Julia E. Hick.
DlkD.
Buckley. Hannah MacKenz'.e. Mrs. M. 8.
■ Dole.. Joan is. Mccinnie, John
Donovan. -Mar/ C Mu..lincliy, Mar 7
tagan, Catherine IVppler. MirlaC.
v Halltnan. John - Qulnn, Thomas F. '.'■
It art, Joseph A. Kiioda, Frank L.
Hop Kins. John L. Kourko. Peter ?""■"-.
Jamart, V.'ctoire V ncent. .^KUiuei
KlrkpatrlCK, Austin C. Weun. Nora
■ Lakln, Mary A. ' Welcome, Mary A.
Lang, — ■ :f,. -vy.-i,: t . Wilson, johu C. -li< ; ■
BUCKLEY— thlsci.y. February 24, 1897, Han-
nah BucxK-y. a native of Loamy Cork, iruluiM,
aseJ &0 yeari. [Boa.oa (Mass.) paper i please
copy.] ./ :.'
J93~Frlonds and acquaintances are respec'.-
fnliv i.ivitel to attend tie funeral TO-MOKROW
(Saturday), at 9:30 o'clock a. m.. from '.he res l -
oeu.-u or ncr cousin, Mrs. >l-piiea (iunn, 1583
Tur:c street, thence to Holy Cross Church for
services Interment Holy cross Cemetery. *
DOLKT— In San .lose, John B. Dolet, a native of
France, aged 74 years % months and 23 days.
DONOVAN— In this city, February 25. 1897.
Mary Catherine, dearly beloved daughter of
Jeremiah and tfrldgei Donovan, aud sister of
Joseph J. Donovan, a naive of bau r'ruuclsoo,
a?ed 7 reirs 9 months and a days.
ot9"Frlend< and acquaintances are respe?t-
fnily invited to attend tin- luneral TO-AIORUUW
(Saturday), at 12:30 o'clock p. v., from th»
residence jj the parents, -OS >'oe »tre»t, menue
to Mist.on Dolores church, Sixteenth and
Dolore* s reets, for . services. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
EAGAN— In this city, Feoruary 25. 1897, Cath-
erine, relict of the late Wi.llum l.asau, and
beloved mother of Mrs. D J. i el»y aud James
E. and William .1. i.a^un, a native of County
'lipperary, Ireland, aged 79 /ears.
HALLINAN— In this city, February 24, 1897.
John, beloved husband or Mary Hallln<ta, and
father of Mlcbaei Halinan. a native of Lime-
rick. Ireland, aged 52 year 3. f Denver (Colo.)
papers uiease copy.J
td" Friends aud acquaintances are respect-
fully inviiei to attend ihe funeral THIS DAY
(Friday). »'• 12:3J o'clock p. m.. from the par-
lors of J. C. O'Connor & Co., 767 Mission streec.
. ibeuce to St. Josepa's ciiurcn. Tenth street, fur
st-rvlctMat 1 o'clock p. it. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
HART— In this cltr, February 25, 1837. Joseph
A., beloved son of Michael and Margaret Hart,
'' a native of tan FraucisoJ, aged 3 moulns.
HOPKINS— In tlmcltv. February 24. 1897, John
L., beloved husband Of Mary Hopkins, a native
of London, i- n«!aad, die.i 76 years. [London
(England) and New York paocn please copy, J
JWThe iun«>ra'. . will i >-. i* placa THIS DAY
(Friday), at 10:H0 o'clock a. m.. from the par-
lors of the Golden Gate Undertaking Company,
24i:9 Mission street, near '1 wenty-lirai. funeral
• and interment private. • ..
JAM ART— In this city, February 24, 1897, Vie-
toire Jamart. a inive or Belgium, aged 47 yean
4 months and Is days.
KIKKFATKICK— In this City, February 24. 1897,
AUjiin c. patrlck. uative of Pennsylva-
nia, a«ed 28 ye.,
LAKIN— In this city, February 24, 1897, Mar/
Ann Lakin, a native or Massachusetts, aged 45
years 3 month* and 21 days.
LANG— Died at sea, beloved son of Mr. an-1
Mrs. L. Lang, and brother of Airs. R. Vain and
Frank and Louis l.v.'i a native of San J:°rau-
dan, a^ed 2U years and 10 mouths.
McCLUNII-;— ln Ashland, Or.. February 23,1897,
John, beloved son of Agnes and tne late Jona
McClunie, and brother of :jd. U. M. Johnston.
William J., Richaid J., Jonathan E. and liobart
B. McClunie.
«3~The funeral will take place THIS DAY
(Friday), at 10 o'clock a. m.. from the residence
of his brother, 1066 Kiricham street, Oakland.
Interment private, Mountain View Cemetery.
MACKENZIE— In San Jose, February 25, 1897.
Mrs. Marie Stewart Mackenzie, widow of ma
late Donald MacKeuzle, a native of Scotland,
aged 6i year-?.
JKs*Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited loatter.d the funeral TO-MORROW
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock v. a., from the family
residence. 219 Uuadalupe strre:.
McGLINCHY— In this city, February 24. 1897,
Mary, beloved wife of. Michael McG:lnchy, a na-
tive of County Tyrone, Ireland, aged 5j years.
JO'Frienils and acquaintances ar» respect-
ful y invited to uttftnd the funoml THIS DAY
(Friday), at 9 o'clock a. m.. from ' her lat«
reslUeuce. N.W. corner of Taylor and Filbert
streets, thence to *iv Francis Cliurcu, where m
solemn requiem mas-j will bo celebrated for
the repose, of her son!, commencing at 9:30
- o'clock' a. m. Interment Mount Calvary Ceme-
tery. Positively omit flowers, by request of de-
ceased.
PKPPLER— In this city, February 24. 1897. Ma-
ria Crisenthia. beloved wile of Jacoo Peppier,
and mother of Godfrled Heenler of Nairn City
. and. Araallo Adrian of rim, Wurtemberg, Uer-
many, a native or Wurtemoerg, Germany, aged
72 rears.
4'iTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to at end the funeral TO-MORROW
(Saturday), at 7:30 o'clock a. m.. from the par-
lors of Gantner <& Guntz, 8 and 10 City Hail
square, thence to St. Boniface Church. Golden
; Gate avenue, where a solemn requiem masj
■ will be celebrated for therapose of her soul,' com-
mencing at a o'clock a. v. Interment Hoi/
Cross Cemetery.
QUINN— In this city. February 24. 1897. Thomas
F. Quinn. a native of San Francisco, aged 4 years
8 mouths and 17 days.
RHODA— In Sou ; San Francisco. February 24,
1897, Frank Laurence, son of Franklin and
Bessie W. Rhoda. and grandson of L. W. and
11. S. Williams, a native of ban Francisco, aged
a years '£ monins and 9 dars.
JKS" Friends are respectfully invited toattenl
the funeral services THIS DAY (Friday), at
' 10 o'clock a. v.. at the Memorial Presbyterian
Church. South San Francisco. Interment Moun-
tain View Cemetery.
ROURKK— In this city, February 25. 1897. Peter,
belovei husband of i-.ilen Hoarse, and father of
James, Joseph, Thomas. John. Nellie and Katie
Bourke and Mrs. Joseph B. O'Connor, a native
of County Gal way, Ireland, aged 57 years.
VINCENT— In • -Alameda. February 2t, 1897,
Samuel, beloved husband of Catherine Vincent,
'- and brother of Richard and Thomas Vincent,
a native of England, aged 42 years 8 months ani
19 days.
«3~Th<> funeral will take piace TO-MORROW
(bmurday). at 11 o'clock a. m, from hU late
residence, 2114 Buena Vls:a avenue, Alameda.
WALSH— In Oakland. February 24. 1897, Mora
Walsh, a native of Ireland, aged 26 yean. '
WELCOME— In this city, February 25. 1897,
Mary A., beloved wife of Adotpnus P. Welcome
a native or New York, aged 40 years 7 months
and 14 days. . -.
WILSON— In this city, February 24, 1897, Jona
C, beloved husband or Agnes Wlls >n. aa4
father of Joan C. Wilson Jr.. a native of Brow
lyn, N. V., aged 52 years.
43" Friends and member] of Oakland Com-
tnandery No. 11, Knights Templar, Oakland
Chapter No. 36. Royal Arch Masons, and
Yeroa Buena Lod<e No. 15, I. O. O. F.. are ' re-
spect fully invl:ed to attend the funeral services
THIS DAY (Friday), a: I:o0 o'clock P. M.,
from v l asomc Temp.c. Post and Montgomery
streets, under the auspices of Golden Gate
Lodge No. 30 F. and A. M Interment Cypress
Lawn Cemetery, by 3:30 o'clock p. v. train
from Third aid Townsend streets. Please omit
flowers.*. ' - '
1 McAVOY A GALLAGHER, T
FUKKRAL DIRECTORS &, EMBALMKRB-
- ;' tO Vlftfe St., Opp. Lincoln School.
Telephone 8080.
* ■ •
~ F. L. GUNTZ. H. W. GANTNEB.
• GANTNER & GUNTZ,
Funeral Directors and Embalmers.
Sand 10 CITY HALL SQUAKE.
Telephone South 432. \
MOUNT OLIVET CEMETERY,
SAN MATEO COUNTY: NEAREST CEMft
tery to the city; non-sectarian; In no seas* ex.
i . elusive: location unexcelled. Oillc* Wl Mjttlut
•ireeu aomaeaat corner <y toiiii*. ... : ' ./
1314
A COONEY TANGLE
STRAIGHTENED OUT
Judge Cook Explains His
Charge to the Grand
Jury.
No Reference to the Printing
of the Barry Blanks
• • Intended.
Attorneys for trie Fair Es'ate Ask
for a Postponement of the
Pencil Deeds Fight
)
. Explanations were an impromptu order
in the Cooney case yesterday morning.
" There had been a garbled version in
' some of the newspapers ■ of Judge Cook's
recent charge to the grand jurors when
he submitted the testimony introduced
against the young notary to that body
three days ago- One sensational daily had
reported that the court had instructed the
■jury to investigate the circumstances at
tending the printing of fac-similes of the
Crocker notarial blanks by -James H.
Barry, which were ordered by Mrs.
Craven'? attorneys with a view to testing
the skill of the experts employed by young
Fair.
* " • Attorney D. M. Delmas asked Judge
Cook if there was anything in this manner
-■ of interpreting his instructions to the jury.
The Jud^e made an emphatic denial.
. Such an idea was farthest from his
thoughts he declared, and he admitted the
right of the lawyers to print the blanks
tor. the purpose for which they were
ordered.
■ • Attorney Del mas got the floor the
nioment me court opened. He said:
During an examination had in this court,
before your Honor, sitting as a committing
; magistrate In ihe case of J. J. Cooney, certain
' certificates were introduced in evidence,
hie 11 had been primed at the request and
suggestion of some of the counsel in a collat-
e ral and Kindred case. In the instructions
which this court gave the Grand Jury a couple
'of days ago, home allusion was made to the
certificates attached to the 80-called Craven
' •atid.Fiur deeds.
. A portion "i that charge has been construed
by some people to be intended as a reflection
upon the conduct of counsel in having had the
• first-named certificates printed for the purpose
lof subjecting the expert's science to the test. I
myss<3li could not conceive that any such con
; struction could be placed upon the charge oi
•' your Honor, but 1 desire to be officially in
. formed by the court, if the court sees proper to
do so, whether I cm to understand or the
Grand Jury r.re to understand that such was
. the purport oi the charge, so that in the event
that it Miould be deemed necessary, the matter
• could be met with proper explanation from
counsel, .which 1 apprehend ii would not be
.difficult 'to give?
In reply Judge Cook said:
Such an idea as that suggested by you, Mr.
, Delmas, was farthest from my mind, and I
-don't see how my language could be so con
strued in the statement which I made to the
.'Grand Jury when they were called here, and,
in fact,' I cannot conceive how a construction
<>i that son could be placed upon the remarks
I -made. I know that 1 had no such thought
in my mind when addressing the jurors and
intended to convey no such meaning, it is
true that during the course oi the Cooney ex
amination allusions were made in the argu
•ment of some of the counsel in the case to
section 134 oi the Penal Code, and it is also
'true I called the attention of the Grand Jury
to sections 470 and 134 of the Penal Code;
but "my object in directing their attention to
those two sections was that they should ex
amine tho«e sections in connection with the
: two certificates attached to the two pencil
deeds.
.Therefore, if a certificate of that sort were
falsely made it might be the committing of a
crime under the provisions of that section,
and it was with that view, and that view
alone, that I directed the attention of the
'Grand Jury to that section; whether they
might consider the making of these ceruii
'cates (if attached to the deeds) brought those
• pe.csous that made them under the provisions
of that section, or the making of the same cer
•Xiricates might bring the parties under the
provisions of section 470, for the crime of
,' forgery.
.It was only, as I said before, in relation to
■ those particular certificates attached to the
pencil deeds' that I intended to make any ref
erence, and I did not refer to them in terms; 1
: -simply reierred the matter to the Grand Jury
and thought that was all they would under
stand. Certainly, as far as the action of coun
sel i is concerned, in the making of similar Cir
" tificates, evidence of which was introduced at
the examination cf J. J. Cooney, and from the
very tact that in the opinion which I wrote
• and filed on the motion to discharge the de
fendant in that case I made no allusion to
those certificates or the printing of them by
'. Mr, Barry, or procuring them to be printed by
- counsel, would seem to me- sufficient to indi
cate that I certainly did not consider the
printing of those blanks as a circumstance
•tending in any way to establish the guilt of
•the attendant, or a circumstance which
I should be considered as tall out or the regu
"• lar ana ordinary course.
Undoubtedly, had 1 considered it a circum
stance of that sort, having searched the entire
record lor evidence and circumstances and
enumerating each fact. I would have undoubt
, edly enumerated that, and, as 1 said before,
the fact that 1 did not consider it at all would
••indicate certainly to the counsel that I saw
• nothing in it that was Improper. In fact, it is
a very common every-day occurrence in cases
where experts are examined to prepare for
them simulated or manufactured specimens of
. writing or manufactured specimens of any
■ thing else upon which they are required to
pass. -to that the weight oi their opinion as ex
perts may be tested. It is a matter that has
' Deen d,one repeatedly in cases where identity
is eoncen.ed that a person would be made to
appear like a defendant and brought into
. court to test the accuracy ot one claiming to
identify him. It has been done in the most
I celebrated cases ever tried, and in cases where
". the identity of property is in question. I sup
' pose case after case could De found where ex
. perts upon diamonds have been called upon to
° pass an opinion, paste diamonds having been
"made in imitation of the genuine, and putting
; them with the genuine to test them as to their
knowledge.
."And in handwriting it is done every day.
1; was done right here in this court last week
jvhere different samples of handwriting were
' put upon 'paper, and some genuine and some
=o imi I.llloll*. ior the purpose of testing an ex
pert. In the Dams will case 1 remember it
was done, and a. so in the Sharon case; In fact
it is* always done, and if it is permissible in
onch matters, it certainly would be permissi
ble where experts were expected to testify
upon •printing or upon any other matter; and
•an I say, from the evidence that was offered
herb in the Cooney case, I don't see that there
wns anything done at all by counsel in rela
. tion to the printing of those certificates by
"Mr. Barry wnich could in any sense or any
way be construed to be a criminal act or
• which tould by any possibility bring either
counsel or the printer wltnin the provisions
of section 134 or within the provisions of any
other section of the penal laws of this State. "
From the evidence that wag given on that
examination it distinctly shows that all that
was done was admitted to have been done by
. counsel for a particular purpose. If you will
' remember when each of the counsel testified
•in relation to the matter each one of them dis
.tinctly stated under oath that they were not
printed with any intent to deceive the court.
That was stated, I believe, by every witness
who gave any testimony upon the subject at
ati. Whether such statement" were made by
counsel under oath or not, whenever counsel
appear in this court and the court knows him
.to be a gentleman of the bar, and makes
' though not under oath a statement that things
were done for a certain purpose, stating upon
their word as an officer oi Uiis court that they
Were nni done for a deceiving purpose, that
Will. .suffice and will answer all claims as far
as-this court is concerned.
' It certainly satisfied me that they were not
made for any purpose of deceiving the court,
and it certainly was not my intention to lead
the Grand Jury to believe that they were to
investigate any such charge as that. 1 don't
believe they gave any such construction as
that to. my language, and if they did I will
with the greatest of pleasure disabuse their
minds of any such construction and even if
they should present an indictment upon facts
of that sort it would be a piece of waste paper.
I don't believe, Mr. Delmas, that it will be
necessary for you or any one else to ask for a
hearing before the Grand Jury on that matter
at all unless you are advised by them that they
so construed my language. If they did I will j
explain the matter to them.
Attorney Delnias declared be was per- j
fectly satisfied.
The illness of W. M. Pierson, who is the
leading attorney for the executors, has re
sulted in a relapse, and his partner, R. B.
Mitchell, yesterday served notice on the
Craven attorneys that he would apply in
court for a postponement Of the trial of
the pencil deeds until March 15. The mat
ter will come up this morning before ;
Judge Slack, and will be opposed by the I
attorneys for Airs. Craven, who are anx- I
ious for trial at once.
The Grand Jury will consider the I
Cooney case to-day. A subpena was is- !
sued to Stephen Roberts yesterday, asking j
hia attendance with the pencil deeds.
BIG CLOTHING SALE.
Suggestions of Value by an Kxpert on
the Benefits of Judicious
Advertising.
The Baldwin Clothing Company, a
mammoth establishment located at 924,
926, 928, 930 Market street, which opened
up less than a week ago, has established
for itself in this short time a reputation
which might well be envied by many of
the more pretentious clothing-houses that
have been in business in this City for
years.
8. Meyer and M. Hyman, the members
of this up-to-date institution, are gentle
men who have been engaged in the cloth
ing business for the past twenty- five
years.
The Baldwin Clothing Company enters
upon its busiufss career in this City with
a gigantic sale below cost of the bankrupt
stock of the defunct Rochester Manufac
turing Company, consisting of a complete
line of hign-grade clothes, hats and fur
nishing goods.
This sale, which will continue for sixty
days loncer, was inaugurated for the pur
pose of advertising and firmly establish
ing in the business world of San Fran
cisco this valuable addition to the tailor- j
ing trade of this City.
In variety of patterns, styles, textures, |
and in point of price and linish, the equal :
of the stock of this gigantic store would |
be diificult to rind elsewhere. Ever since i
the opening day, which announcement
was made to the public by well-written j
advertisements of pages and half-pages in
the daily papers, this house has been
growinc in public favor.
The advertisements of the Baldwin
Clothing Company can be depended upon ; j
they are truthfully written, and would,
no doubt, :>rove profitable to any one to
read and study.
"In regard to advertising," said Mr. !
Meyer, the senior member of the linn, "I :
follow as near as possible Hamlet's ad
vice to the players: "Suit the action to the ;
word, and the wora to the action.'
"Does advertising pay ? Of course ad
vertisine pays. Like everything else, it
brings the measure of return that it de
serves. I will show you a store that is
bound to succeed if you will show me a
neat, convincing, truthful advertisement,
bacsed up by good merchandise and hon
es:, not inflated values.
'•The motto of our firm is to advertise
exactly what we have to sell, and it is to
this fact tnut we owe our success."
"BIG JIM" HAS FLED.
Tired of Constant Dread of
Death, Hs Left for
China.
Tuesday Evening He S arted for Vic
toria and Hi L?ft There
V sterday.
"Big Jim" has taken flight.
He left Tuesday evening for Victoria on
the Oregon express, where he will take
the outbound steamer for China to-day.
His departure was made as secret as pos
sible and a whjte guard purchased bis
ticket.
Before leaving he had his money in cer
tain banks converted into checks — one for
$50,000 and another for $44,000. He caused
the story to be circulated that he was
simply going to visit a mine in the north
ern part of the State.
"Big Jim" beean life here as a coolie,
engaged in gambling and trading and
afterward purchased a great deal of min
ing and farming interests throughout
California.
He was an intelligent Chinese, kept well
informed on the n ws of the world and
was said to be bitterly opposed to the
local Chinese feud and a personal friend
of "Little Pete." Bat he was a big See
Yup man, and according to the Chinese
code the only one whose death would am
ply revenge "Little Pete's" murder; so he
was obliged to flee. ,
WILL ASSUME HIS DUTIES.
Dr. John Gallagher, the Autopsy Physi
cian of the Morgue, Keady for Work.
Dr. John Gallagher, the newly appointed
autopsy physician of the Coroner's staff,
will assume his duties on the first day of
March. Dr. Morgan, who has been filling
the position temporarily, will take the
office of chemist.
Dr. Gallagher is a well-known young
doctor who graduated from St. Ignatius
College and later from the Toland Medical
College. He served two years as an in
terne at the City and County Hospital,
and is looked npon as a skilled physician.
• — ♦ — •
Jewiibt store, 5-7 Third, removed to SO3
Kearny. Large stock of diamonds, watches, etc.
DOUGLASS TALBOT.
After causing his mother great mental anguish and the police a zreat denl of
trouble by his disappearance, 12-year-old Douglass Talbot has beea found at last. The
boy simply ran away to join bis elder brother, who is attending ?chool at Matth«w
Hall, San Mateo, and yesterday the latter wired that the youngster was there, safe
and Bound.
The boy disappeared Tuesday morning under circumstances fully related in yes
terday's Call, and until news was received of his whereabouts Detective Cody was
kept busy in a search for him. No clewg were obtained and his mother was in sore
straits, being unable to eat or sleep at all until the news from her eldest son tbat the
boy was safe arrived yesterday.
Why he should have chosen to ran away when he could have gone to see bh
brotber at any time npon a simple request is a mystery. He explains it as simply
tbat the notion struck him and he went
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 26, 1897.
WATER INQUIRY
WAXES WARMER
Dt\ Rottanzi and Mr. Schuss
ler Have a Passage
at-Arms*
AND THE CHAIRMAN INTERFERES.
The Water Committee Delegated to Make
an Examination of the Company's
Books and Report Later — Sec
retary Ames Gives
Evidence*
The water rales investigation waa con
tinued by the Board of Supervisors in
committee of the whole last night and
proved intensely interesting and dra
matic throughout.
Chief Engineer Schussler and Dr. Rot
tanzi were the principal actors during the
earlier portion of the proceedings, though
Mayor Phelan resumed the thread of
cross-examination somewhat later.
Supervisor Britt took the chair at 8
o'clock, in the temporary absence of the
Mayor, and immediately afterward re
signed it to Dr. Dodge, on the board resolv
ing itself into committee of the whole. Dr.
Clinton, the usual chairman, was not
present.
"What," asked the chairman, "is the
pleasure of the committee?"
"I move that Mr. Shussler take the
stand again," s-aid Dr. Rottanzi.
"I move," remarked Supervisor Delany,
"that he be allowed to continue, without
interruption, until he gets tbrougb."
"Is there any seconder to the motion,"
asked the chairman.
"1 will do so to expedite matters," said
Supervisor Haskius.
Dr. Rottanzi rose with a warning finger
uplifted. "I would like to know," said
he, "the object of this motion. I have
several questions to ask him end I do not
desire that 1 should be cut off from doing
so. I deem it of great importance that
the board should be acquainted with the
true facts of the case. If he is afraid to
answer them I do not see why I should
be deterred from asking them."
"This is to merely facilitate business,"
said Delany, "and as soon as Mr. Schuss-
ler is through we have no objection to
your asking questions."
"Is it your object," asked the chair, "to
prevent any interruption while he is mak
ing a statement in answer to a question
or to allow him to continue without being
questioned?"
Delany was understood to say that the
latter was bis proposal, wbile Haskins
leaned to the former interpretation.
"Well, that's all we desire," observed
Rnttanzi.
Supervisor Smith moved that the motion
be laid on tie table, but the committee
declined to take such action by a vote of
6 to 5. D--vany, Delany, Dodge, Morton,
Britt and Rivers voting in the negative,
Clinton being absent.
The committee tacitly accepted the
original motion.
Mr. Schussler said he would suggest to
Dr. Rottanzi the propriety of refraii.ing
from the statement that he (Schussler)
had failed to answer any questions.
"I prefer," be continued, "not to have
him make the slur tbat I try to evade
questions. I simply tell you the cold facts,
and that is all you will get from me. If
yon will be pleased to be more careful
with your statements after this — "
"I will refer you to the reporter's notes."
cried Roitanzi. "Those are sufficient for
me."
The chairman — Please come to order,
eentlemen. As it is a rule for members
not to address each other by name, I
would sucgest to the witness that he do
the name.
"It was not my desire to say anything,"
protested Rottanzi, "but when lam told
that I do not understand the question I
wish to say tbat I have studied it as thor
oughly as any member of ihe board, and
comprehend it probably too well to suit
some people."
•'I wish to tell Dr. RoUanzi," said Mr.
Schussler. warmly, "when be talks to me
not to shake his hands at me."
"Please come to order, gentlemen," ob
served the chairman, soothingly. "This
is really farcical."
Mr. Bchussier (turning to Dr. Rottanzi)—
On what subject do you wish me to ad
dress you?
Dr. Rottanzi— l believe during the last
meeting you slated in answer to a ques
\ tion that the City was really the gainer
by the company having purchased the
property on Stockton and Geary streets.
"I said," replied the witness, "that it
was a good business investment, and that
increasing business necessitated larger
offices."
Dr. Rottanzi— What were the profits of
the company on that investment?
"They only get a certain amount of rent
i out of that building, and in addition they
can charge themselves with a reasonable
I rate for that portion which they will oc
cupy themselves. With the two togethei
they will have an investment of 5 per
cent or over."
Dr. Rottanzi — What have been their
! profits since the property was acquired?
"They have been a good rental since the
Wigwam building was turnei over to
i them. They have received the rent for
that while it waa occupied."
Dr. Rottanzi— Do you consider the in
| create of value as profit?
"I think that should propeily be with
| profit. 1 '
Dr. Rottanri— You also stated that it
was worth $300,000 to-uuy 1
"That," replied the witness, "was what
I had been told."
"In other words," said Rottanzi, "they
made a profit of $180,000."
"As soon as they have sold it and de
ducted the prohts they will know. I con
sider it was a prudent investment,
amounting to J l2O 000 purchase price.
Whatever the lot has improved in value
since tbat is the increase in the value of
the property. It compensates them for
such .- rate of interest as they have not
received on the investment from the be
ginning."
"I wish," the witness added, "you
would talk a little more respectfully to
me. "I am willing to answer any gentle
man's questions."
"I am as much a gentleman as any
body," shouted Dr. Rottanzi, angrily.
"If you do not," said the witness calmly,
"I shall refuse to answer you. Ido not
propose to be interrupted. Let me go on
with my answer. Now ask me questions."
'Do you consider." resumed Rottanzi,
"the difference of $180,000 as a profit?"
"I know nothing about $180,000. The
property has not yet been sold."
Supervisor Britt rose wearily. "At the
beginning," said he, "it was understood
that Mr. Schussler was to have an oppor
tunity to finish his answers. 1 do not
think he is on trial here, nor has he com
mitted any crime. 1 hold tbat he is en
titled to ana should be accorded the same
privilege as we would ieceive."
"That," observed Delany, "was my in
tention in offering tbat motion."
"I should like to know what we are
! here for," said Supervisor Smith. "We are
j here, I take it, to investigate, and we can
not do so in any other way than by ask
ing questions."
Dr. Rottanzi put another question, but
Mr. Sch ussier coldly requested him to
addre>s himself to the reporter, as he (Mr.
Schussler) would not longer reply to him
personally.
This was too much for Dr. Rottanzi.
"I «ay," he cried, shaking an admonitary
forefinger, "that this board shall demand
that he answer such questions as I ask
him. Haye you calculated the amount of
interest received from the water-rate pay
ers and the taxpayers upon the invest
ment of $120,000 by the company in that
piece of realty?"
"What rate of interest has been re
ceived from water-rate payers and taxpay
ers?" queried Mr. tcbussler. Here the
reporter read the question. "Well." re
plied the witness, "I don't know of any
water-rate payers or.toxpayers having paid
interest on that investment."
"Then," said Rottanzi, "you wish to
impiy that that was never counted in the
ii-t of properties upon which we base
water rates?"
"I never said that. You asked me
whether I bad ever calculated the rate cf
interest we had received from the water
rate payers and taxpayers en that invest
ment of $120,000 for that property."
"In other words," resumed Rottanzi, "I
want to know the amount you have re
ceived from the community at Jar.c pay
ing for water, upon the investment of
$120,000 by the water company in that
particular piece of property. It amounts
to-day to $155,000. That plus the actual
increase in the value of the prcpertv would
make it in the neighborhood of $275,000,
and that does not include the original
price, taxes and interest on taxes. 1 wish
to show that the wisdom of the company
in charging interest in the shape of water
rates hat not done justice to the com
munity, and that the company really owes
j the coinmun.ny a large sum of money."
Kritt did not think Dr. Kottanzi was
called upon to explain the question. They
wanted to henr Sir. Schussler and could
attend to Dr. Kottanzi later.
The chairman agreed with Britt and
suggested that Rottanzi's arguments
might be considered when the board
struck the rate.
Rottanxi then fired the following ques
tions at the witness:
"When were the water lots in Sausalito
i acquired?"
"I do not know."
"Was it previous to 1860?"
"I have no idea."
"Wno has an idea?"
•'I suppose our secretary. I believe I
stated before that I am the engineer of the
company and am ready to answer ques
tions pertaining to my department. I»m
not a real estate expert or bookkeeper.''
"What is the total daily supply from
PiJarritO3, San Andreas and Crystal
Springs?"
"It varies every day. We can count on
18,000,000 gallons daily from those three
sources."
"What is the extent of those water
sheds?"
"In the neighborhood of thirty-seven
square miles or a little over. Between
thirty-seven and thirty-nine square
miles."
"And yon say the supply is 18,000,000
gallons?"
"2so. I say that the amount ol water
drawn from those three reservoirs year in
and year out for the last six or eight years
nas been in the neighborhood of 18,000,000
gallons daily."
Dr. Rottanzi then inquired about the
yield of the rainfall ana was informed
that this varied a great deal. Each por
tion of the watershed had a different rain
fall. If Dr. Rottanzi wanted to know the
average fall for the last five years at
Pilarcitos, he could figure it out. Rot
tanzi desired to know the average calcu
lated in the aggregate for say thirty years
at Crystal Springs. Mr. Schussler replied
that no record had been kept for so long.
The dam was only commenced in 1875.
The calculation was very complicated.
"I notice," said Rottanzi, "that you
have the comparative rainfall from Pilar
citos and San Andreas, but not from
Crystal Springs."
"That is only approximate. In the
year 1889-9U we had a very heavy rain fall
so unusually heavy as to be nearly as
large a* that of 1861-62, when the Sacra
mento Valley was Hooded. If you add
1889 90 to 1890-91 yon derive much too
high an average, because these heavy falls
only occur in twenty or thirty years. For
that reason, if I figure the average rain
fall in the watershed I figure on the ordi
nary and not the unusual years. Tell me
what document you have there."
"Oh," replied Rottanzi, "I have your
document."
"What year was it written In?"
"June 16. 1875."
"Well, in 1875 I conld not tell what the
year 1885 would bring."
This conversation continued some little
time longer, Mr. ScLussler explaining the
principle of rain absorption and evapora
tion.
In some years, he pointed out, a larger
proportion rearhed the reservoirs than in
others, the difference varying all the way
from 9-10 of 1 per cent to 27 per cent.
"I would make a suggestion," said Mr.
ScLussler. "If you want to get at the
running expenses it will take a great deal
of time. Our secretary is here to give
such explanations as full outside my de
partment. I handed Dr. Clinton .. list
some weeks ago of the running expenses
under thirty-one headings. If you want
those headings explained I can go ahead
with them."
Dr. Koctanzi asked his estimate of the
value of the Calaveras waterar.ed to-day.
"I told you before," rej lied Mr. Schuss
ler, "that lam not a lond expert. I think
it is worth a great deal of money. I would
not dare to say how much because we
would probably get our taxes raised in
Alaineda County. It is one of the best
purchases, including all of the Alameda
Greek and its water rights, that we ever
made."
"Do you realize," asked Rottanzi, "the
amount of taxes paid by San Francisco
on that purchase of your company ?"
The witness urged in reply the import
ance of the purchase. "You cannot realize
it," he said, "until you see how much
water can be drawn from it and the way
in which it has saved the City from the
consequences of drought. We have now
in our reservoirs a certain amount on
hand. If it had not been for our pumping
from ihe-e various ontside sources to the
extent we did we would not now have so
much water in our reservoirs. If the Ala
meda water had not been pumped it would
have run to was'e in the bay."
That source, he said, could now be
drawn from to the extent of 13,716,000,000
gallons altogether. He further discussed
the exorbitant prices exacted for land,
calculating that in on« instance as much
as $4 and $5 had been paid per front foot.
"You do not admit, then, that you have
a pcssib'.e supply of nearly 50,000,000?"
Mr. Schussler replied in the negative.
It had been proved, he said, that the
sources of supply contained in these water
riehts were more incomplete than the
sources acquired at Alameda Creek, and it
■was, therefore, decided that the taking of
water from the latter was a' necessity.
"You need not shake your head/ he ob
served to Dr. Rottanzi ; "that is a fact."
"You formerly paid me the compliment
of saying that I wasan expert calculator,"
rejoined Rottarizi, smilinely, "but I see
that lam not in it with you. I see why
you are employed by the company."
Mr. Schussler, resuming his testimony
without further questioning, said that
when the company was organized it was
merely required by law to supply the
citizens with water, nothing whatever be
ing said about pressure. If the water
were delivered at the level of the
sidewalk they would be with n the
limit of the law. The luxury of a high
pressure was the item involving so
much of the expense, necessitating
as it did four or five pumping stations.
He c'a ; med credit for the company on the
score of the care bes towed upon pipe con
struction and the subsequent renewal of
the streets ana sidewalks. Capital, he
continued, was the most cowardly thing
m the world and would not move unless
it could get a safe rate of interest Mr.
Schussler proceeded to argue nt some
length that any reduction of interest by
the board on the company's shares, to say
5 per cent, would only hurt the investor.
"The City and the ratepayer," he said,
"have to pay the same whether you put it
at 6, 5 or 4 per cent."
"You refer now," said the Mayor," to
the monf-y you will have to raise to pay
for new construction?"
"No, sir. I made a hypothetical case.
Say in the case of the Crystal Springs
reservoir."
"That's ancient history," retorted the
Mayor.
"We wit I require $300,000 or $400 000 for
new consiruction this year. 1 wanted lo
illustrate that you do not make th» City
the gainer or the ratepayer by reducirrp
the rate of interest. I think you are fully
convinced yourself."
"No." replied the Mayor, "I am not."
"Then," rejoined the witness, "1 am
sorry."
"You claim," resumed the Mayor, "that
if 5 per cent were allowed upon the money
you required you would have to sell at 80.
For the purpose of new construction you
borrow in the open market. What rate of
interest do you pay on your lioatinc
debt?"
"I don't know."
"Don't you know that you have never
IVEW TO-DAT-DRY GOODS.
«^®®®®®®®«®®®®®®®® "*~~U.^— "' <S(«x»xax*xs)®<^<sxsxaxs>4^^
|| lv^v»^M« I!
|i .:: 1 "".;;---, n i
®® "^V, ' ' ' ' i . 1 1 , . i » • " ' c*^ I k V^ \ \ * *
®® ''»//, m\\»«"'' vV ' / \v^ I \ %%
®(» ''iijliiinni' 1 ' I \V I \ S£)
®» Correct style and novelty / 1 \
c»x«j are sought by fashionable < i \ '•*
*® folks. Hale's have correct . / f \ §p>
(I® styles and novelty. There- Jej* \ \
®$ fore, fashionable folks seek £&&•..,,._ " m^l 1$
II Hales.
* NEW DRESS GOODS! f
I Large checks will be popular for Skirts. See them at I
In our counters. A
M DERBY CHECKS. large checks, SNOWtfLAKE CLOTH, a decided M
/|\ very new and natty. 82 inches OP^C fad in the East, big white snow- /]\
t.t wide, In greens, blues and flake splashes scattered over ami .00 i t
Ww ide, in Hale's price and Yard flake splashes scattered over a flj» i .oa i /
browns. Hale's price Yard mixed ground, a 60-inch fabric. «JPJ \ /
\|/ Hale's price Yard \ /
I SSAcA A e c h efks. wo E u?d make EOYAL CHEvJoT. rich, novel, '
I natty walking suit, heavy all Af\C tasty, a 36 inch cloth, in 12 *n c
wool aDd a yard wide. Hale's r±V new colorings; sure to be popu- tiU
I price Yard l»r. Hale 'a price Yard
35 v T^, oo t,~7I^T v.^ A 810 SILK PPKCIAL— Moire eflo
oAo PRINCESS CHECKS, a hard Velonr Silk for skirts, black. 21 oL,
oAo finished 41-inch Imported nov- inches » id •, the greatest value c*o
oflo elty, a stylish pattern. In larae 7f>C. In the cit it ed uctions abso- ofo
ofio checks for tailor-made suits. **J lute— 3£
g^ Hale's price..... _ 111 _ Yard Heguljlr price 75c . Now 50cyard 3)o
SS BASKET WEAVE CHEVIOT, a Regular price ?1. Now ..75cyard ®$
®j|> '97 novelty, an Eastern fad, Regular price $2. Low ?1.25 yard ®|
sJ>«' soft, heavy. desirable. 46 inches Tf^C The merchants in New York are selling ®V
Vy wide. 7 new color combinations. • O more Moire Velour than any other silk. The §>9
Jy® Hale's price Yard I style has not reached California. ®^
1 I SPEOIALST^ 1
if None sold after 6P. M. to-night. Come early, fl
®<*> CRINKLED SEERSUCKER.S. 27- LADIES' BLACK COTTON (i ,\
(• •) Inch, medium and light colors. CC HOSE, seamless, high-spliced • .
W® tine for children's dresses. To- «-* heel, double sole, double toe, alt IAC S&
®® day Yard sizes, a surprise for you. To- JU (£/$,
(So® (Notover yards to a customer.) ' day only at p ajr Jj;s
Si* DIADEM NOTE PAPER, in abox. NOVELTY TIRFsTTrnno .n
II sheets and 24 on velopes. our B l * ° da rk colorV. mi^'ed U,l 59" §|
If b^er 111 "" ■*-«» u V— "*«- 59° ||
II b (Not over 3 boxes to a customer.) ° • lck nmll 6p. M-jo^ay at Yard ||
®| DRES3 SHlELDS.'lelmless stock- 7 C NOVELTY DRESS h G C ( ? h S ;n our H
w<») to <-,hto'<i< >:o i iho io>> 7 regular 75c :-8-lnch cloth to be fTQcl^
M grade^p^ial^daya^.. 1 :. 0 Each S^^o^^d^nlyToV l7 V^ II
®® (For summer uresss.) oar* coiore. io-da> only for... Yard §■§
If c^fa^&^zrj, I
®® / INCORPORATED} / (INCORPORATED J. ||
II 937-945 Market St. 937-945 Market St. 11
II SAN FRANCISCO. 1 SAN FRANCISCO ' »«
""""r— -- (SYSysvSYSVgvg^^frYtvivsvr^n l ~ **
paid 6 per cent and that it has averaged 4
and i} 4 per cent?"
'"I know nothing about the rate of in
terest paid by the company on a note. A.
note of the company is entirely different
from the issuance of stock, and is secured
by the pood name and credit of the com
pany. If they borrow money at 2 per cent
I don't blame them. But that cuts no
figure here. If you make a sweeping re
duction on ail the shares I maintain that
it wiltf reduce their selling value, and I
know from my own observation that peo
ple in thft East and Europe do not want
them. They want our bonds. Those
bonds are at par because they are secured
by all the property of the company. But
the shares are subject to the whim of
every new board that comes in."
'"You don't mean to say," said the
Mayor, "that if the interest is reduced to
5 per cent more money will have to be
raised from the ratepayers of the City?
If we in our judgment fixed the rate at 5
per cent on your stock that you would re
quire to raise more mocey from the rate
payers?"
"1 say that if the rates were reduced to
5 per cent then we would have to sell more
shares. I want to set him right," added
Mr. Schussler, addressing the board apolo
getically, "because he is a young man.
[Laughter.] If a certain amount of iuoney
is required for purposes of construction
or purchase, etc., and we have to raise it
by seliinc stock we will get much less for
our shares at 5 per cent interest than at 6
per cent and we> will have to sell a great
many more shares at 5 per cent than at 6
per cent in order to obtain a given sum of
money."
PeluamW. Ames, the secretary of the
company, was then called to the stand to
give figures on the bonds and stocks of
the company. He stated that there were
59,975.000 in bonds outstanding, $5,00J,000
bearing 4 per cent interest and the rest 6
per cent.
He stated that the company issued these
bonds to pay a floating indebtedness on
which it paid SJ-.' to 6 per cent interest.
Mr. Ames stated that the company held
stocks amounting t0 53,200,000 which could
be sold to cancel lnileDte mess, such as the
cost of constructing the new building on
Stockton and Geary streets.
Mayor Phelan then went on to the
question of the expense account of the
company and asked the amount of com
pensation received by the directors of the
company. Attorney Keliosg for the cor
poration objected to the question on the
ground that it would be detrimental to the
discipline of the company.
Mayor Phelan said that he desired to
find ouc whether the salaries paid were
greater than those paid to the < Iticers of
other corporations of the kind, so that it
might be judged whether or not the affairs
of the company wer« economically con
ducted.
Supervisor Smith moved that the sala
ries account b* accepted as being correct,
and that the company be not compelled
to make public such figures as would be
detrimental to its interests.
Mayor Phelan objected to any drawing
back by the toardfrom the position it had
taken in the matter, and asked that the
secretary be compelled to answer the
questions.
Attorney Kellosrg accused the Mayor of
curiosity in the questions he a^ked, and
stated that the City was concerned only in
the question as to whether the works were
conducted economically in the aggregate.
It made no difference, be said, how much
any one employe received. He respect
fully insisted that the questions be not
pressed.
Engineer Schussler produced fignres to
show that the running expenses had been
reduced year by year from 1888 to the
present time, though the business of the
company had largely been increased.
Mayor Phelan stated that there was an
apparent subterfuge in the statement of
the company regarding the salaries of its
officials inasmuch at the total of the
; enumeration of seventeen officials was
given as over $64,000 per year, while six
directors, making up the total, only re
ceived, as he understood, $40 per
month each. The circumstance showed
that the average of eleven of the officials
must be very high, and he wanted to
know how it was divided, whether the
Balaries were higher than they should be.
Supervisor Smith's motion was amended
by Supervisor Delany to provide that the
company be required to furnish the infor
mation to the board in executive session.
Both motion and amendment were lost,
and Mayor Phelan asked the salary re
ceived by the president of the company.
Attorney Kellogg instructed the secre
tary not to answer, on the grouna that it
would endanger the interests of the com
pany. He said, however, that the board
could send a committee to Bee the books,
and that it would be given free access to
them, provided the members would give
their words not to make public what
they saw.
Mayor Phelan said he was familiar with
what was in the books, but wanted the
figures given as testimony so that it
would go on the record.
A motion by Britt to reconsider was lost
and a motion t>y Haskins that a com
mittee of live be appointed to co into the
company's books was carried by a vote of
9 to 2, Sheehan and Rottanzl voting in
the negative. Chairman Dodge placed
the matter in the hands of the Water
Committee. Supervisor Kottanzi wanted
meetings held every day bo that the
matter couid be closed up by the end of
the month, but others objected and when
the doctor tried to insist he was hooted
by the other Supervisors.
The committee adjourned until next
Monday evening.
Grady Mayhem Caae.
The case of Attorney W. D. Grady, charged
with biting off the ear of James Schaefer, a
waiter in the Orpheum, was called in Judge
Joachimsen's courr again yesterday afternoon.
Grady asked for another continuance, as he
had been compelled at the last moment to sub
stitute ex-JuJxe Levy as his attorney Instead
of W. W. Foote. Attorney Ackerman, for the
prosecution, said he had no objections to a
reasonable continuance, and the Judge said
he would set a time for peremptorily hearing;
the case to-morrow morning.
They are peers iv their profession— binding
or printing. The Myscll-Rollins Co., 22 Clay."
Divorced for <■ ruelty.
Mrs. Grace Hamilton has been granted a di
vorce from Walter J. Hamilton on the ground
of cruelty, she has been granie<l the custody
of the minor ohTa.
fcrvr to-dat:
If your grocer
advises you to
use
Baking Powder
it shows that
he wants to
keep your
trade.
H TUlmaaa & Bendel, M&ft