i
VOLUME LXXXI.-NO. 96.
EXAMINER
FAKERS IN
A BAD BOX
Must Pay the Penalty for
Their Most Auda
cious Libels.
JUDGE FRICK TO SUE FOE
HEAVY DAMAGES.
Oa the Floor of the Senate Voor
heis Applies the Lash to
the Falsifiers.
LONG GREEN AND HIS GANG
ON THE RACK.
Authors of thj Bare-Faced Lies Ac
cusing Legislators of Bribery
Are Demora z d
SACRAMENTO. Cal., March 5.
In its wild despair and rage over
being shown up as a malignant
faker, the Examiner struck out
blindly, hitting all who refused to
become a party to its attempt to
quash the bribery investigation or
to blind the real issue. Among
others it maligned were Senator
Voorheis and Judge Frick. Both
took steps to-day to even up the
matter.
On the floor of the Senate this
afternoon, Senator Voorheis rose to
a question of privilege, and spoke
as follows :
"1 desire to rise to a question of
personal privilege. I noticed in the
Examiner of this morning that I
was accused of leaving Sacramento
to avoid being subpenaed in the in
vestijjatidn which is now pending
in the Senate and Assembly. 1 de
sire to state that my absence from
Sacramento was on purely business
of my own, and the statement in
the Examiner that I left to avoid
being subpenaed 'is a falsehood pure
and simple.
" 1 desire to make that statement
to the Senate, for the paper that
goes broadcast and carries every
where such malignant statements
should be denied representation in
this Senate and Assembly. Its
statements are malignant falsehoods
from- first to last."
Judge Frick took a more drastic
course. To-day he telegraphed his
law partner to begin a libel suit
against the Examiner for $50,000
for the defamatory matter published
in its columns this morning.
Two hot-worded altercations also
took place here to-day as the result
of the scurrilous attacks this morn
ing on witnesses before the Assem
bly Investigating Committee. One
was between Frank Moffitt of Oak
land and Andy M. Lawrence, and
which nearly resulted in blows.
The other was between Judge Frick
and- Andrew J. Clunie, in which the
lie was given Clunie.
( " LONG GREEN " CONFESSES
\The Managing Fak»r of the Ex
aminer Admits That He Had No
Foundation for the Libel.
SACRAMENTO, Cau, March s.— The
Assembly committee investigating the
Examiner libel fonnd out something to
day. It found that the article accusing
the Senators and Assemblymen of being a
pack of bribe-takers was written upon
nimor, and that it was published witn the
full knowledge and approval of Andy M.
Lawrence, managing editor of the monarch
of the "new fake journalism."
Assemblyman Valentine conducted the
case for tne Assembly commi'lee, and
Andy Clunie had the impudence to ques
tion Valentine's right to be there. Lev
ings, the author of the article, could not
give tne committee any information. He
claimed to bare a tip that Mr. Hayward
had sent a dispatcn to Senator Voorheis,
and the Examiner at once jumped to the
conclusion that it was a proposal to bribe
the Senator- to vote for Caminetti's bill
No. 273.
Manager Jaynes of the Western Union
office produced the telegram, under pain of
contempt in case of his refusal to do so,
and it proved to be a request from Mr.
Hayward to do what h« could la favor of
Senator Wolfe's bill on corporation's sole,
in which Aich bishop Riordan was said to
i be interested and to desire its passage.
J The bill was a perfectly honest ana legiti
' mate one.
Judge Frick produced copies of tele
prams which had passed between him and
George W. Baker, attorney for the Liquor
dealers' Association, which was interested
in No. 273, and the«e proved to be open
and above board. They are published in
full in this article.
The Examiner's attorneys displayed so
much anxiety to conceal the fact that the
The San Francisco Call
libel was not founded upon even a cobweb
that the crowd broke into rude laughter
several times while Clunie was trying to
bamboozle the committee and while
Knight was growing red in the face with
the effort to preserve a grave countenance
while the farce was going on.
Senator Voorheis, again-t whom the
bulk of the Examiner's insinuations had
been directed, swore that no menaces
whatever had passed between him ami
Mr. Hay ward or any other person regard
ing bill 273, and drove the cowardly lie
deep down into the throat of the fake or
gan.
Managing Editor Lawrence looked dis
tressed at the plight into which he had
got the paper, and showed bis teeth
threateningly to the committee on one
occasion when he lost his temper.
Isador Alexander testified that he was a
correspondent of the Examiner, and had
been acting as such during the present
session of the Legislature. He did not
write the article in the Examiner, did not
know who wrote it and did not know any
of the facts stated in the libelous article.
E. H. Hamilton of the Examiner denied
that he was the author of the article or
thai he knew who was, or that he was ac
quainted with any of the facts.
"Do you know," a?kecl Valentine, "of
any bribery done here in connection with
any member of the Assembly . relative to
Assembly bill 273?"
"I don't recall any knowledge that
would throw any light on the subject,"
replied Hamilton.
"Do you know of any bribery at all con
cerning this Assembly bill 273? D d you
have any information at the time this arti
cle was written, or have you acquired any
information since, in relation to the charge
of bribery?"
"I don't believe I read the article," re
plied Hamilton.
"Do you know who prepared the article
or where it wai prepared?"
"No."
"You know absolutely nothing about
it?"
"No."
"Nor as to who caused it to be written
or put in the paper?"
"I haven't the faintest idea."
"Who has charge of that department?"
"Mr. Lawrence is the managing editor.
The coast editor receives the matter sent
by telegraph?"
Alvinza Hayward was recalled and was
asked whether he knew anything in con
nection with the preparation of the arti- \
cle. He replied that he did not, and Hill
explained that Mr. Hayward was not a
member of the Examiner staff.
Mr. Hayward in response to further
questions by Valentine paid that he knew
absolutely nothing concerning the alleged
bribery.
Andrew M. Lawrence, managing editor
of the Examiner, confessed to that fact
under oath. He said that in important
matters other members of the staff were
called in for consultation with the editor.
"Do yon know who published the arti
cle in the Examiner February 27?"
"Only by hesrsay," replied Lawrence.
"Did yon prepare it yourself?"
"No, sir; I received., information that
f<n, ? teJegrenis passed between Senator
Voorheis and', Alvinza Hayward, and' I
was told that if Iwe could get those t?le
erams they would show corruption in the
Legislature."
"Who gave you that information?" was
asked.
The witness became suddenly dumb
and cast an appealing look toward Clunie
and Knight.
Knight shook his head as a tip to the
witness not to answer. They held a whis
peied conference, and while they were in
consultation Assemblyman Clarke said:
"I thought you wanted to' give us. all
the information in your power?"
"You will get all you want before you
get through," retorted Lawrence de
fiantly.
"There will be another investigating
committee," said Ciunie insolently, "and
you know what that means."
"From whom did you receive that in
formation?" Lawrence was asked again.
"From one of the members of the staff,"
was the reply.
"What was his name?"
Clunie interposed with an objection.
He said that W. R. Hearst was the only
person who had authority to divulge his
own secrets. It was a confidential mat
ter.
Belshaw said that he wanted to get at
the bottom of the investigation, "and if
it is all hearsay evidence we want . to
know it." ■
Hill said that the object of the question
was to find the name of the member of
the staff so that they could get him as a
witness and find out what he knew about
the matter.
It seemed to Belshaw that the Exam
iner must have known that the article
was true before it was published, and if
the Examiner people had thai proof they
should put nothing in the way of this in
vestieation.
'•The Examiner said that it was beyond
the shadow of a doubt that members of
the Legislature were bribed to support
Assembly bill 273," said Valentine. "If
the gentleman will give us the informa
tion. If he will tell us what members of
the Assembly were implicated, so that we
can proceed, very well. We mu«t get to
the man from whom he obtained this in
formation, and follow it up so that we
can pin this charge to the man whom th«
Examiner represents in this libel."
Here ; Clunie got a chance to make an
other bluff, and be took it. "If you will
have Mr. Jaynes produce those telegrams
you will find the worst state of corruption
that ever existed," he said.
Valentine proceeded with the examina
tion of Lawrence.
"You say there are four gentlemen who
sometimes assisted the editor 'in the
preparation of those matters?"
C'unie objected again. He did not want
the faking machinery of the Examiner
exposed. * . •'■,' -.*".' £
Valentine quietly suggested that if the
Examiner would give the names of its in
formants to the committee .the work of
the investigation would be rendered very
easy. All that the committee wanted
was the: truth.
"I cannot see for the life of me," he
added, "why the Examiner is hiding itself
behind technicalities. The Examiner is not
on trial,".he siad. , "The : Examiner took
the initiative in this matter and said that
it was positive as to the fact?. If the
Examiner could make that assertion it
undoubtedly- had the names of the men
concerned, the places and the ' circum
stances of , the bribery to back it." -.
Lawrence still refused to answer the
questions. '£Vv : i , , , . ,
"What was the information thus ob
tained?" asked Valentine. ,
; Clunie fell into a man trap here for he
SAN FRANCISCO, SATURDAY MORNING, MARCH 6, 1897.
The Schooner Vine Arrived From the Gilbert Group Yesterday, and as Captain Luttrell
Could Not Make Port He Anchored About Two Miles Off Shore. The Oceanic
Steamship Company's Alameda Passed Out During the Afternoon, and Was
Within a Stone Throw of the Anchored Vessel.
objected to the question on the ground
that the answer would be hearsay, thus
admitting that the Examiner had libeled
the Lecislature upon mere rumor and
hearsay.
"Did you yourself have any hand in the
preparation of this article or auy part of
it?" asked Valentine.
Clunie objected again, but Lawrence im
patiently replied that he had had no band
in the preparation of the article. He
added that he hart not assisted in the
preparation of any portion of the article.
Then Valentine turned loose the ava
lanche that buried the Examiner.
"Did you know of the offer or the pay
ment of any money to any member of the
Assembly in relation to bill 273?"
"No," now replied the manager editor
of the Examiner, thus confessing that his
paper huct deliberately und maliciously
faked a libel.
A murmur of surprise arose from the ;
audience at the shameless avowal and at j
the stupidity of the Examiner's counsel j
in having failed to object to a Question of :
auch tremendous importance to the issue
involved.
Valentine followed up the question with ;
another pf eqnal imiji rfance
"All tue in form at ion on which thin 1
article was published is hearsay, and only
hearsay?" he asked.
"Yes," replied Lawrence.
"Did you see the messages that were i
said to have passed between Mr. Hayward
and Senator Voorheis?"
"No, sir."
"Did yon know the contents of those
messages?"
Here Knight recovered from the stupor
in which he had been thrown by the
knockout blow flelivertd on the Examiner
by the manager of that paper, and ob
jected.
Valentine asked if the Examiner people
were so anxious to prove the truth of the
libelous statement that corruption ex
isted beyond the shadow of a doubt why
did they attempt to throw the committee
off on the telegrams and yet refuse to
give the committee the information in
their possession.
"All we want of the Examiner people is
to tell us this testimony which estab
lisned in their minds beyond the shadow
of a doubt that ' this bribery existed. We
are inviting the Examiner to assist us in
this instead of throwing obstacles in our
way."
"Did you authorize the publication of
that article in the Examiner ?" asked Hill.
Here Clunie awoke from his ten seconds'
trance and objected, and the committee
dropped Lawrence. They had squeezed
out of him a confession that the libel was
a take, built upon the airy foundation of
rumor, and they smiled at the expression
of consternation depicted upon the coun
tenances of Clunie and Knight.
Frank Jaynes, general manager of the
Western Union Teleeraph Company, took
the stand and produced a dispatch from
Alvinza Hayward to Senator Voorheis, re
questing him to vote for Wolfe's Senate
bill, empowering a corporation sole
right to dispose of real estate in the same
manner as private citizens are allowed to
do. The telegram was not read, but was
exhioited to the committee, who decided
that it had no bearing on tha matter of
Assembly bill 273. This is a bill in which
it was stated on the floor of the Assembly
by Judge Dibble that Archbishop Kiordan
was interested.
The witness had his clerks in Oakland,
San Francisco and Alameda searching for
other telegrams between the two parties
and he expected that the search would be
finished by next Monday.
Frank Moffitt, ex-newspaper publisher
and politician, was called 10 the stand and
said that he knew nothing about any
bribery.
Franklin Hichborn, one of the Examin
er's Kiaff of correspondents, testified that
his work was in the Assembly chamber.
"Do you kndw of any money being paid
to any member of the Assembly to in
fluence his vote on Assembly bill No.
273?"
■•No, sir."
He did not send to the Examiner any
information on which the article was
based and he did not write it or any part
of it. He did not know anything about
ihe matter.
Judee Frick came in at this moment
and produced the following copies of tele
prams which passed between him and G.
W. Baker:
Sacramento, Cal., Feb. 17, 1897.
George W. Baker, Mi'ln Building, Van Fran
cisco, <al.: Aro you interested in Assembly bill
No. 273? If bo answer care Hart North, nam
ing time when I can talk to you.
A. L. Krick.
San Francisco, Cal., Feb. 17, 1897.
A. L. Frick, care Han North, Snciainento, Cat:
I have an interest in tnatbill. Am siik to*
Continued on Second Page.
BRAVE LITTLE
GREECE DEFIANT
Will Battle With the Turks
if They Cross the
Frontier.
Warlike Activity at Athens
Shows Ultimatum of the
Powers Is Ignored
All the Army Reserves Are Called
Oat and the Grecians Are
Reaiy f<v he Fray.
ATHENS, Greece, March s.— Advices
received here tnis afternoon show that
the force of Christians who are investing
Heraklion number 15,000 men. The in
surgents have stopped all communication
with the town by land, and it is certain
that unless the foreign warships actively
intervene in behalf of the Moslems the
town will shortly be compelled to sur
render.
The small detachment of sailors and
marines landed from the various war
ships still occupy the town, but without
the aid of the fleets they could make but
a feeble defense against the overwhelming
numbers of insurgents.
The greatest activity is being displayed
in A.hens in making preparations to give
battle to the Turks should they cross
the Greek frontier. The Ministry of War
presents a most animated scene. Officers
in uniform throng the corridors and
orderlies are constantly being dispatched
in every direction with orders to different
commanders. The telegraph wires are
constantly busy with dispatches to officers
in distant places. The niogt energetic
measures are being taken for the mobiliza
tion of the forces.
There is a similar scene of activity in the
Ministry of Marine, where everything pos
sible is being done to placo the fleet in
readiness for any contingency.
There is no sign anywhere of the King
or Government receding from the position
they have taken, and it is ominous that in
the face of the threat of the combined
Europe, the warlike preparations are being
carried on with feverish activity. The
most intense enthusiasm is everywhere
displayed and the people evince no fear of
the result of au appeal to arms. They know
full well that the Greek army by itself is
no match for the numerically superior
Turkish forces, but they also know that in
the event of war the whole of Southern Eu
rope would be set on lire. It is this thai
the powers wish to prevent. If they at
tempt to use force to compel Greece to ac
cede to their demands, there is a very
strong probability that Greece will apply
the torch that will start a conflagration,
the result of which no one can foretell.
It is believed here that the powers, see
ing the chance of their becoming involved
in a great war, will, owing to their con
flicting interests, make haste slowly in at
tempting to force the Greeks to withdraw
their support from the Cretan Christians.
It has been decided that there shall be a
eenerai mobilization of the Greek forces,
and to this end the two clas s es of reserves
that had not been summoned previously
have now been called out. The reserve
forces alone give a totai of 104,600 men,
and behind this is what is called the terri
torial arm, which numbers upward of
Mti.OOO men, not by any means an insig
nificant force. The standing army num
bers about 20.000 men.
Ammunition and supplies for the troops
are being supplied as rapidly as possible,
and in a few days the whole available war
strength o fthe nation will have been pre
pared for any eventuality that may occur.
People who have arrived here from the
provinces have expressed no surprise at
the enthusiastic support that is beinz
given by the Athenians to the Govern
ment. They aay that there is more en
thusiasm in the places they come from
than is displayed in the capital, and there
is a grim determination to uphold the
King ami Government in any steps they
may take to maintain their present posi
tion. Dispatches from different points in
Thesaaly and Epirus report the move
ment of large quantities of munitions of
war to u.e frontier, where troops are being
amassed a» speedily as the resources at
' tht: command of the military authorities
permit.
LONDON, Eng , March s.— Sir Charles
Dilke, Sir Thomas Reid, Henry Labou
chere, John Dillon, Herbert Gladstone,
the Right Hon. A. J. Mundell and nearly
100 other Liberal members of the House of
Commons have subscribed their names to
a letter to the King of Greece, paying him
a tribute for his services to Crete and ex
pressing hope for the future safety and
welfare o! Greece.
The Standard says the letter has ex
cited indignation among the supporters of
the Government. The letter, it adds, is
calculated to encourage the King to resist
the poweis and to produce a mischievous
result.
Concerning the dispatch signed by 100
I Liberals, National Irish members of Par
liament, which waa sent to the King of
Greece last night, expressing sympathy
with the efforts of Greece in behalf of
Crete, the Westminster Gazette (Liberal)
says;
"When the King receives this message
of sympathy be will do well to take notice
of the fact that the British Government
lias a majority of 150 in the House of
Common If he understands tba beiring
, of this, and. it he know* mat the Govern
-1 men t of Great Britain can only be diverted
I from its decision by an adverse vote in tne
House of Commons, which there is ap
parently no chance of obtaining, he will
better understand the value of the mes
sage."
The Constantinople correspondent of
the Standard telegraphs that the police
have reported that 10,000 Greek residents
of the city are preparing to make trouble.
Orders have been issued from the Yildiz
Kiosk tnat exceptional precautions should
[ be taken in view of the bitter feeling be
tween the Greeks and Mussulmans.
In reply to a letter from the editor of
the Chronicle, Gladstone writes from the
south of France that to expel the Greek
troops from Crete ana keep as police the
butchers of Armenia would further deepen
the disgrace of the powers.
The Times publishes a dispatch from
Constantinople stating that the Forte's
reply to the note of ' the powers was
drafted Wednesday and will probably be
delivered Thursday evening. The tenor
of the reply is acquiescent. The dispatch
adds that the powers have agreed upon
the terms of their communication respect
! ing the withdrawal of the Turkish troops
I from Crete, and that this communication
j will be handed to the Porte on Monday
I immediately after the Bairim festival,
during which the public ottices are closed.
ST. PETERSBURG. RrssiA, March 5.—
The Journal (semi-official) makes a state
ment in effect that the Russian Imperial
Cabinet is animated by an ardent desire
to further the work of pacification, and in
that spirit took the initiative in propos
ing the plan formulated in the identical
i notes of the powers to Turkey and Greece.
I The paper in conclusion says: There is
SOME OF THE LEADING MEN OF GREECE.
reason to hope that further difficulties
will not arise and tbat Greece will prove
her wisdom by bending to the mighty will
of united Europe. In the common in
terests of peace and legality Greece cannot
desire to endanger her future oy acts of
folly, and the Greeks may be happy in the
knowledge that their kinsmen in Crete
will in future enjoy local autonomy.
Russia, which has ever had the interests
of the Christian peoples of the East at
heart, will regard the suggested solution
with SHtisiacuon, all the greater seeing
that it is in harmony for the desire for
universal peac e and in the spirit of
equity by which the ir perial Government
is constantly inspired.
CANKA, Crete, March s.— The situa
tion at ISelino and towns in that vicinity
is uncenain, the leports from there being
va^ue. It is claimed that Cadmoa is stili
holding out despite the previous reports
that the town had surrendered to the
Christians.
.bur three days a discussion has been
going on between tne admirals of ihe
foreign warships and M. Baraklis, the
Greek Vice-Consul, who was recently di
rected by King George to go to Selino 10
intervene wiih ihe insurgents in beha.f
of the besieccd Mohammedans at Cad
mos. The Consul insisted upon going
to iSelino on the Greet warship Hydra,
but the Greek admiral, apparently
thinking that if he went in a Greek
vessel Greece would get too much credit
for the rescue of the Moslems, declined to
permit him to go on the Hydra, They
offered, however, to place a Kussian tor
peuo-boat destroyer at his .service for the
purpose, Dut Al. Boraklis very firmly re
iused the offer.
It is now variously stated that M. Ber
aklis has gone on nis mission of mercy
and that he has not gone. The impor
tance of the matter lies in the desperate
situation of the besieged Moslems ai
Cadmos. Public feeling here is strong
against the attitude of the foreign ad
mirals, which may lead to the loss of
many lives.
CONSTANTINOPLE, Turkey, March
5. — The Italian Embassador has made a
formal demand upon tae Porte for satis
faction for the firing of a shot across the
bows of an Italian mail steamer on Tues
day evening while tne vessel was passinj.
through the Dardanelles.
THE TRANSVAAL RAID.
Rhodes Says It Was Precipitated by tht
Gross Discrimination of Kruger
in Raiiway Rates.
LONDON, Exg., March 5. — The ex
amination of Cecil Rhodes, ex-Premier of
the Cape Colony, was resumed in West
minster Hall to-tluy by the Parliamentary
committee appointed to inquire into thy
Jameson raid in the Transvaal. There
was a fair attendance of spectators, but
there were not nearly so many persons
present as at the previous sittings.
Mr. Rhodes testified that the Transvaal
Government had raised the railway rates
for passengers and freight through the
special intervention of President Kruger,
Uie object Ixnu io divert {rsflio so that
the bulk of it should be secured by the
Netherlands line. Witness said that he
himse.f. had told President Kruger that
the result of such action would be that
the Cape Colonists, and even a great many
of the Boers, would resent it and try to
turn him out of office. To this Kruger
replied that he had the power and meam
to übe it.
The opposition to commercial federa
tion, Mr. Rhodes said, came chiefly from
Germany, as it tended to interfere with
the German trade. The duties aid not
oppose the wishes of the Germans. Mr.
Rhodes said that bis main object in assist
ing an insurrection in the Transvaal was
to secure free trade throughout South
Africa and a more tolerant attitude on the
part of the Transvaal republic toward the
Cape Colony.
In answer to questions relating to the
expenses of his operations against the
natives in South Africa Mr. Rhodes said
that be had sold 40,000 shares of the
British South Africa Company stock to
pay the expenses of the war against the
Matabeles and had expended £f)4,000 in
delraying such expenses, from which out
lay there hart been no return.
Mr. Rhodes further testified that he had
paid £50,000 toward the fines which had
been imposed by the Transvaal Court at
Pretoria upon the Johannesburg reform
committee prisoners.
The examination of Mr. Rhodes was
then concluded.
Mr. Chamberlain and Mr. Rhodes were
mutu&ll; polite during the sitting, but
there did not seem to be any feeling of
cordiality between them. The questions
put and the answers given throughout Mr.
Rhodes' examination, however, agreed in
showinc that thn narrow and reactionary
policy of the Transvaal Government is
endangering the peace of South Africa.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
WAR IN THE
CAROLINE
ISLANDS
Spain Will Now Have to
Face the Japanese
Question.
SUBJECTS OF THE MI
KADO BUTCHERED.
Murdered b? the Natives—Jap
anese Warships N w on
the Scene.
SPAIN WILL BE FORCED TO DO
JUSTICE.
if Prompt Action Is Net Taken Japan
Will at Once D. ciare
War.
The long overdue schooner Vine got in
from the Southern Seas last nixht.
Captain Luttrell reports that Spain has
.-.nother war on ncr hands, in the Caro
lines, and that Jipan will demand satis
:acuon for the murder of several of her
subjects. It api ears that latterly "the
little brown men from the land of the
chrysanthemum have had cou'rol of all
the trade on all the islands. This ansered
the natives and they toon ibeir revenge on
the Japanese when the opportunity came.
The whole colony was wiped out and now
Japanese warships have been sent to the
scene of action in order to uphold the
honor of the flag.
"It was this way that the trouble oc
curred," said Captain Luttrell yesterday.
"The natives are half Spanish and Half
Soutn Sea Islanders. At first they wel
comed the Japanese, but when the latter
| began to monopolize. all ti.e business of the
group the natives began to kick. Finally,
when the Japs began taking to wife the
handsomest gils on the group tne trouble
began. A general uprising followed and
every Japanese ou iha link .-roup was
killed. 1 call it cold-blooded murder, and
the Japanese Government seems to hold
the same opinion. When the Vine left
the Carolines warships were expected
there every day, and the chances are that
that the islands of Ruk are in ruins and
that several thousand natives have paid
the death penalty for tho murder of the
Japanese.
"Of all the natives in the Caroline
group those on the Ruk Islands are the
most savage. They demand an eye for an
eye and a tooth for a tooth, and nothing
save death can prevent them .rum having
their pound -of flesh. Nothing shore of
extermination will quiet them and no
power on earth can accomplish that.
Spain cannot control them and Japan
wiil not be able to do anything with the
warships except to have them back up her
demand for an indemnity. In the mean
time ihe Japanese are being murdered and
the whole group is in a ferment."
While the Vine was at Kusaie the hull
of a copper-riveted vessel drifted on the
reef. At first it was thought to be the
Centaur, which was burned in April last
in 150 west, but now Captain Luttrell is of
the opinion that it was some American
ship that was reported missing years ago
and has finally reached land. There was
nothing but the hull left and not a thing
by which the vessel could be identified.
No matter what vessel it is, the hull shows
I that it must have drifted at least 3000
! miles durinpr the past six months.
James McMiilen, an old-time trader and
one of the beat known men in ibe South
ern Seas, died at Butaritari last January.
It was tirst intended to send his remain?
to San Francisco on the Vine in order
that they might be placed in the family
vault in Illinois, bat other counsels pra
■i
i
i
-:2
vailed and he will rest in peace in his
island home.
The Rev. J. W. Kanoa also passed away
while the Vine was among the Gilbert
group. He was the first and only Ha
waiian missionary that left his native
country to publish the gospel of peace.
He was an earnest worker and ono of the
best known men in the Southern Seas.
Some years ago he married a young native
woman and soon thereafter scandal wa«
busy with her name. The aged minister
stood by through ill report and good re
port and when an order came from the
synod of the church commandine him to
sever his connections with her, he simply
wrote back, "Whom God hath joined let
no man put asunaer."
"They gave him a big funeral," »aid
Captain Luttrell yesterday, "and his widow
was the chief mourner. He left the
church because it would not receive his
wite, and I think that the Kanoa church
in the Gilbert group is now one of the
most successful in the Southern Seas.
"British Consul Campbell at Taputeo
nea, in the Gilbert group, is one of the
most autocratic men I ever came across.
He simply will not alow an American
to do business in the group. He pre
vented me from landing any goods, and
when it came to trading I wasn't in it. I
did fairly well, however, and had it not
been for my long trip the vessel would
have paid expenses.
"Chief Engineer Douse of the steam
missionary barkentine Morning Star
nearly died at Ponai>e of hemorrhage of
the stomach. Dr. Rife managed to pull
him throueb, however, and be was aent to
Honolulu to recuDerate the day before we
sailed.
"The missionary schooner' Hiram Bing
ham was in Kusaie when we left, and
Captain Walkup reported all well. The
whaler Gayhead was also in Kusaie and
Captain Foley reported that he was on his
way from the Carolines to the Gilbert
group and thence to Alaska. He expects
to reach Unalaska early in July and hopes
to do better in. the Arctic than he did in
the Southern Pacific. His wife was taken
sick during the cruise and is now on her
way to San Francisco via Honolulu. Two
tailors deserted and, if all reports are
true, tbey are married to native prin
cesses.
"However, no one paid any attention to
such little things as desertions and mar
riages, the one absorbing question being
the war against the Japanese. The lat
ter's warships, will insist on reparation
and just where Spain is eoing to get off in
the matter 1 don't know and the Spanish
officials aro in the same box. One thing
is certain. Japan holds the best hand
and she wiil punish the natives for the
murder of her subjects no matter what
Spain says. If it comes to a war, and I
wouldn't be a bit surprised to hear war
was declared, then Japan will win. The
Japs are aching for a fight and since their
countrymen were murdered they are
losing no opportunity to exasoerats the
Spaniards. The killing was done by the
natives, but as they are subjects of Spain
the Japa hold that country responsible."
ALONG THE WATER FRONT.
Sailing of the Oceanic Steamship
Company's Alameda for Aus
tra la.
The arrival of the schooner Vine from
the southern seas and the departure of
the Oceanic Steamship Company's Ala
meda for Australia made a pretty picture
yesterday. The schooner was at anchor
awaiting a tug, while the steamer was fuli
et>eed ahead on her way to Honolulu.
For Honolulu— James L. Barker, Professor D.
M. Bristol, Miss Charlotte L.' Collins, R. A.
Craig, T. T. French aud wife, A. J. Henriques,
Mrs. E. G. Hitchcock, Miss H. C. Hitchcock,
Miss fed Hitchcock, Mits Holmes, Charles D.
Jacob, Donaid R. Jacob, Miss B. Landers, G. H.
Mayhew, Avery McCarthy, wife «nd child, Miss
Harriet Newell, W. G. O?g, Miss S. Owles, Miss
IdaßellePalmer.Mrs.de Richette Quellette,
J. H. Sears and wife, Mrs. J. P. Sissou, Miss E.
Taylor, C. M. White, H. C. Witt.
For Auckland— John J. Stuart.
For Sydney— Mrs. E. M. Board, J. Cran, Har
old Field, L. P. Goldstone, A. B. M. Gow, A. B.
Mackintosh, C. 11. Palmer, Jerome J. Parme
lee, A. S. Patterson, wife and two children, J.
Robison, H. Stansfieid and wife, Mrs. I). E.
Whits, H. A. Williams, wife, three children
and nurse.
Join at Honolulu for Sydney— Miss Alice
Deming, T. A. Kennedy and wife, S. E. Laidley.
The schooner Una was burglarized Ja3t
night. Captain Hawkins and his wife
lost all their clothing and Captain Dan
McLean, who has been living aboard, has
nothing left but bis mustache. The
thieves secured rwo suits of clothes, a
gold watch and chain and $17 in money.
The police are on their track.
The schooner Vine bad a rough trip of
it on the way up from the southern seas.
Many of the sails split and several of
them were carried away. On one occasion
ehe was on her beam ends, but no serious
damage was done.
T lilt. VAltt.lt J'ltES .
The Denver "Post Congratulate* the
Great Sete*~ Gathering A*noci*fion.
DENVER, Colo., March s.— The Post
this afternoon says editorially:
The report of the inauguration cere
monies which the Post carries to-night is
complete and exhaustive. . Ii could not be
better covered by human power, and the
Post, rejoicing in the fact that it is a fran
chise member of the greatest news-gather
ing organization in the world, raises its
hat to the United Associated Presses.
— — ♦ —
hnc-urj at -Vtr Orlenn*.
NEW ORLEANS. La., March s.— Six fur
longs, Senator Morrill won, R. Q. Ban secoud,
Rouble third. Time, I:lsJ£.
One mile, Harry S won, Moralist second,
Boarder third. Time, 1 :44J-£.
Seven furlongs, Samson won, Sky Blue sec
ond, Booze third. Time, 1:31.
One mile, Judge Steadman won, Squire G
second; Rossmar third. Time, I:42}£.
One mile, Gioj* won. Gomes -econd, St.
Achelberg third. Time. 1:43%.
St:ven furlongs, Alva won. Tommy Rutter
Eecond, Trixie third. Time. 1:31.
■ ♦ -.
Brbtl /Defeat in the Philippine*.
N"EW YORK, N. V., March 6. -A special
cable dispatch to the Herald from Manila,
»ays: Large groups of rebels appeared
between San Mateo and Maraquina, doe
to Manila. They were pursued by Lieu
tenant-Colonel Jiminez, who caused them
to lose 200 men. The rebels tried to force
an entrance into the province of Neuva
Ecija, but were dispersed, and returned to
the hills around SefuL
♦
Jrl»tfratnn That Are. Public Property.
LOUISVILLE, Ky., March s.— Major
A. T. Wood, who was to-day appointed
Senator, arrived in Frankfort to-ni^ht to
have a conference with Governor Bradley.
He will leave tor Washington to-morrow
night. Governor Bradley to-night wrote
ilr. Hanna: "Send me no more tele
grams. They are public property."
♦
O'ltonnrll tieif Starhey.
YONKERS, N. V., March s.— Steve
O Donnell of Australia to-n:ght knocked
out Dick Stttritey, champion of Webster
County, in one round.
f'aiu'd b't Hurt! Time*.
CINCINNATI, Ohio, March s.— Duhme
Company, jewelers, assigned tha morning.
The assets are given at $100,000. The
failure is caused by dull trade.
ffo'cott H >ck from Europe.
NEW YORK. N. V., March 5. -Senator
Wolcott arrived from Europe to-day and
took the first train for Washington.
LAUNCHING THE
NEW CABINET
Senate Confirms the Selec
tions of President
McKinley.
Teller Critic Z2s the Nomination
of Bliss lor the Interior
Pcrtfo io.
Thinks Ha Is Hardly the Man to
Handle the Interests of the
Great West.
WASHINGTON. D. C, March s.— The
proceedings of the first session of the
Fifty-fifth Congress were witnessed to-day
by a very large assemblage of spectators
in the galleries of the Senate chamber, the
Senate being to-day without the executive
partisanship of the House of Representa
tives, which body will remain in a state of
suspended animation until called into re
newed existence on the first day of the
extraordinary >e»von soon to bs convened
by President McKinley.
As soon ns tite journal of yesterday's
formal meeting was read the Senator from
Ohio (Foraker) rose and presented the
credentials of Mr. Hanna as successor to
Sherman, resigned. The credentials hav
ing been read Vice-President riobart in
vited Mr. Hanna to step forward and take
the oath of* office.
Together the two Republican Senators
from Ohio who takd the places of Senators
Brice and Sherman walked to the Vice-
President's desk, where the oath was duly
administered to Mr. Hanna after a round
of handclapping in the galleries, and then
Senators Foraker and Hanna took their
seats tegether.
The next step was Ihe adoption of a
resolution offered by Frye (R.) of Maine
directing that until otherwise ordered
Davis (R.) of Minnesota be acting chair
man of the Committee on Foreign Rela
tions—the chairmanship having been
vacated througn the retirement of Sher
man.
At 12:45 President McKinley sent to the
Senate the following nominations: John
Sherman of Ohio to be Secretary of the
State, Lyman J. Gage of Illinois to be Sec
retary of the Treasury, Russell A. Alger of
Michigan to be Secretary of War, Jo.-eph
McKenna of California to be Attorney-
General, James A. Gary of Maryland to be
Postmaster-General, John D. Long of
Massachusetts to be Secretary of the Navy,
Corne.ius N. Bliss of New Yort to be Sec
retary of the Interior, James VViison of
lowa to be Secretary of Agriculture.
Immediately upon the receipt of the
Cabinet nominations, the Senate went into
executive session.
The length of the executive session this
afternoon led to the circulation of several
unfounded rnniors that a contest was
being made against the confirmation of at
least two of the members of the Cabinet
selected by President McKinley. Rumor
ha 1 it that the opposition was aimed at
Mr. McKenna, selected for the Attorney-
Generalship, and Mr. Alger for Secretary
of War. The delay was not unusual. The
nomination of Mr. Sherman was confirmed
immediately without the formality of a
reference to the committee. It was sug
gested privately on the floor that the
whole Cabinet be at once confirmed, but
i his was not done, for had snob action
b?en taken, the compliment intended for
Mr. Sherman would have been no com
pliment at all.
All the other nominations were referred
to the various committees, which, after
informal discussions, made favorable re
ports in each case.
Teller addressed the Senate briefly. He
said he tt id not propose to oppose any se
lection Mr. McKinley had made. He'rec
ognized the fact that the Caoinet was the
official family of the President and the
President ought not to be hampered by
the Senate in the cnoice of men whom he
desired for his advisers. He wished, how
ever, to say that he beiieved that in some
cases Mr. McKinley had made mistakes in
the men he had chosen. Whoever else
Teller bad in mind is unknown, for he
mentioned only Mr. B!i«s, nominated to
be Secretary of the Interior.
Tel er emphasized the fact that he did
not criticize this nomination on personal
grounds. He knew Mr. Bliss to be a man
of affairs, who bad oeen successful and
was held high in the esteem of bis fellow
men. He did not doubt but that Mr.
Bliss -would bring to the office all his busi
ness and executive ability.
But there was more required, Mr. Teller
said, than mere business ability. The In
terior Department was one of the most
important in the Government, affecting
interests in many States and particularly
those in the great West. The Secretary
annually made more important decisions
Involving property than did the Supreme
Court of the United States. The head of
• his great department ought to be equipped
with legal ability and a familiarity with
land matters to meet the intricate ques
tions that would come before it, and for
this reason, and for this reason only, Mr.
Teller said the nomination was open to
criticism.
Stewart (Pop.) of Nevada spoke briefly
in the same v*in, corroborating what Mr.
Teller had said about the importance of a
head to this department who would be
able to deal justly and jadicioußly in
the matters of dispute constantly coming
before the court of which the Secretary
was the reviewing judge.
Hoar (R.) of Massachusetts replied to
Teller's criticisms by praising the ability
and qualifications of Mr. Blis* and ad
dressing himself \o the one point made
by Teller, asserting that this could be
easily overcome by the selection of as
sistant secretaries, who would have those
qualifications that would gaide the Secre
tary in his ruhn s.
Chandl r called attention to the fact
bai Zachariah Chandler had no legal
raining and that he was an Eastern man.
Still it was ail initted that his conduct of
the administration of the Interior Depart
ment was one of the best in the history of
the Government.
Teller emphasized the fact that he had
not criticizeu Bias becauie he was an
Eastern man, but because, being an East
ern man, ho knew nothing of the great
Western matters constantly arising in the
Department of ihe Interior. There was
no clash between th- Ea-t and We>t, and
bearing in mind the recent elnborate re
ports of executive sessions in the arbitra
tion treaty Teller jocularly remarked that
he hoped the "reporter" of an executive
session debate would exonerate him from
the charge of criticizing Mr. Bliss' selec
tion on the ground that i>e was an Eastern
man.
Without taking a formal vote all the
nominations were then confirmed.
TO CONFER ON ADJOURNMENT.
Senate and Assembly to Reach an Agree
ment and Wind Up Ail
Business.
BACRAMENTO, Cal., March s.— This
morning the Senate accepted the Assem
bly's offer of a conference on adjourn
ment. The conference committee was ap
pointed to meet in the afternoon.
The concurrent resolution of welcome to
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MARCH 6, 1807.
the Christian Endeavor societies to the
State was unanimously adopted.
All ih« appoin ments made by Gov
ernor Budd were confirmed.
The Senate this afternoon passed finally
Assembly bills providing for the sale of
railroad franchises in municipalities and
relative to the crauting of franchises;
regulating the width of tires of wagons and
buses on public highways; amending sec
tion 2003 of the Political Code to enable
any county or city to lease property to as
sociations of ex-soldiers and ex-sailors.
The title of Sanford's bill compelling all
corporations to pay their employes at
least once a month was approved.
The Senate could not ?et a quorum to
nigbt owing to most of the Senators being
in attendance on the Examiner investiga
tion. An adjournment was taken shortly
after 8 o'clock.
In the Assembly this morning a resolu
tion for the appointment of a commi'tee
of three, one of which is to be the Speaker,
to confer with a like committee from the
Senate, for the purpose cf abrogating cer
tain of the joint rules of both houses and
to fix upon a definite time ior adjourn
ment, was adopted.
The county eovernment bill was up for
a second reading, for amendments.
Tbe Assembly this afternoon refused to
pass the Senate bill requiring pawn
brokers to file bonds and make daily re
ports of business transactions to tbe Chief
of Police.
A considerable part of the afternoon
was consumed in the second reading of
Senate bills.
When the House went into committee
of the whole to consider the general ap
propriation bill Caminetti moved to
amend the item appropriating $75,000 in
a lump sum for State Printing Office by
d vidinji the amount, and providing
$45,000 thereof for Legislature printing.
The amendment was lost.
Caminetii then suDmitted an amend
ment providing for a printing expert to be
employed by the Beard of Examiners.
Cutler, who was in the chair, ruled the
amendment out ol order as unconstitu
tional.
Carainetti withdrew the amendment.
The committee then rose and reported the
amendments heretofore made, each being
adopted by the House.
Boone and Hudson again tried to raise
their district agricultural appropriations,
but failed.
An amendment by Kenyon iaisine the
National Guard allowance from $30,466 66
to $40,000 was adopted.
Caminetti then put in his printing ex
pert amendment.
L avitt raised the point of order that it
was in violation of me constitution us an
amendment to the appropriation bill.
Caminetti replied that the office was
already provided and that the amendment
regulated the expenditure of the expert's
salary. Pries and Leavitt spoke to the
Question and the chair ruled that ie was
unconstitutional.
The Assembly to-nieht passed t'ne fol
lowing Assembly bills: Appropriating
$350 to pay a deficiency in the appropria
tion for postage, expressage and contin
gent expenses of the Attorney-General for
the forty-eighth fiscal year; same for the
forty-seventh fiscal year; making an ap
propriation for the office rent of the
Attorney-General in San Francisco for the
forty-eighth fiscal year; concerning the
filing of mechanics' iiens by adding a pro
vision to the section requiring the owner
of real property to give notice upon the
completion of improvements there; pro
viding the mode of changing the grades of
public streets, lanes, alleys, etc., within
municipalities; authorizing the Board of
Fish Commissioners to purchase or
construct a gaso me launch for its use.
FOUNDER OF CIRCLE CITY.
His Story of the Gold Product
and the Opportunities lor
Mining.
Strange Places Where Ivory Ij toßs.
Picked Up and Where Whole
Skeletons Are. ,
A. Harrington, one of the founders of
Circle City, and one of the owners of im
portant placer mines on Mastodon and
Eagle gulches, is at the Russ. Ha has
been on a visit to his old home at Gallopo
lis, Ohio.
It is the first time he has been out of the
Yukon for eight years. He is now going
back, laden with supplies, and expects to
get out a big amount of gold from his
claims before he again confronts civiliza
tion in this part ot the world.
He is one of the owners of claims 1 and
2, below the original discovery claim in
Mastodon uulch, and of one or two claims
in the Eagle Gulch. He says the former
property pays from $15 and $20 up to $50
and $75 a man each day, according to
whether it happens to be rich or poor.
However, it costs from $10 to $12 a day for
labor.
"Last year we employed fifty men,' 1
saia Mr. Harrington; "the season lasts
about 100 or 110 days, and we are as busy
as we can be during all that time in order
to get out as much gold as possible. We
worked the two claims on Mastodon
Gulch. The gulch takes its name from
the fossils of the mastodon mat are found
th»re. I have seen many of them at dif
ferent times.
"Further down, on Crooked Creek, lots
of rtttCS in the shape of tusks, teeth, jaws
and different kinds of bones are to be seen.
I have seen tv ks three or four feet long
and three or four inches through, some of
which were as clear, bright ivory as exists
anywhere. Others were somewhat de
cayed and blacfcened.
"Sometimes ihe remains of the masto
dons are found right on top of the ground,
but usually where the creek has cut
away the bank and exposed them. There
are places down on the main Yukon
where whole skeletons can be dug out.
I saw a man there who had broueht out a
huge jawbone witb four teeth in it, and
he told me he believed he could have got
out a perfect skeleton."
Mr. Harrington was fairly well im
pressed with that part of the Yukon. He
formerly mined in Colorado for five years.
As one of the s<x founders of Circle City,
lie believes that place is to be the enter
of a large mining country. But the
country is remote and not so good as Colo
rado was when be was there, which was
during the rapid development of silver
properties.
Z7nit"r.«{t'/ Haiti* Unyal.
NEW YORK, N. V.. March 6.— A Herald
special from Philadelphia says: More
than 150 fresomen and sophomores par
ticipated in a class tight in the campus of
the University of Pennsylvania to-night
and few escaped without painful bruises,
disfigured faces torn clothes, etc. Seiza
buro Yosukowa, a Japanese student in the
Wbarton School of Finance, was beaten
and tramped into insensibility. His in
juries, while serious, are not likely to
prove fatal.
Grorer Hill tin on a Cruise.
GREENWICH, Conn., March 5.-E. C.
Benedict came to Greenwich this morning
to loolc over the improvements which
have been made in his steam yacht
Oneida. Mr. Benedict said the yacht was
gong on a cruise in v few days and that
ex-President Cleveland would be on her.
Tne Gulf of Mexico will be the yacht's
destination.
Serrnth Ejrplo ion Fatality.
BOSTON, Mass., Marcn 5. — William
Maybour, one of the Victims of yester
day's explosion, died at the Emergency
Hospital this afternoon. This makes a
toial of seven deaths.
I xrrutioii of a Murderer.
GADSDEN, Ala., March 5. — Colin
Daudeuill was hanged here to-day for the
murder of J. I. Bates, a drummer.
EXAMINER
FAKERS IN
A BAD BOX
Continued from First Page.
day. Will come up soon. What's the matter?
Answer Oakland. G. W. Baker.
Sacramento, Cal.. Feb. 17, 1897.
George W. Baker, Oakland, Cal.: Some opposi
iou threatened. Xo hurry. Will explain
when see you. A. L. Fbick..
Judge Frick said that he had given per
mission to Mr. Jaynea to produce the
originals when found.
Senator Voorheis was .called to the
stand, and, in reply to questions, said : "I
never had any telegraphic correspondence
with any one concerning that bill. I
never saw the bill or knew that it was
introduced until it had passed the As
sembly, and I never knew that such a bill
existed until it came before the Senate.
"I am charged with having introduced
a bill in the Senate. That i 3 absolutely
false," added the Senator.
"Do you know, directly or indirectly,
that any Assemblyman was offered or
paid any money?" asked Valentine.
"No, sir; nor any Senator," replied
Voorheis.
Alvinza Hayward was called next, and
said tbat he had no recollection of having
received any telegrams from Senater Voor
heis in relation to bill 273. He would con
sent that any such telegrams might be
prodnc j d. He had not been in Sacra
mento for over a year and knew of no
bribery.
Al Murphy, better known as "Blinker,"
testified that he was "a newspaper man,
connected with the Examiner."
"Do you know of any bribery in the
Legislature?" was asked.
"No, sir," replied Murphy.
"Did you furnish any information to
the Examiner on which this item was
based? Do you know of any Assembly
man receiving money to influence his
vote on Assembly bill 273?'
"No, sir," was the rep!y. Murphy
added that he did not write any portion
of the article and did not know that any
money had been paid to any member of
the Legislature.
"Have you any knowledge whatever 01
any bribery in connection with any mat
ters of legislation here?"
"I have not," replied Murphy.
"Do you know who wrote the article?"
"I could almost say so, but I don't
know positively."
"Do you know who wrote part of it?'*
"Yes."
"Who?"
"L. L. Levings. He spoke to me about
bribery in the Senate, witn reference to a
Senator in connection with this bill."
"Do you know that any money was of
fered or paid to any member of the As
sembly as a bribe?"
"I have no such Knowledge."
L. L. Levings, one of tne Examiner
staff, was the next witness, and when he
was asked whether he wrote the article
Ciunie vehemently objected. In fact, he
objected to every au-stion that would
throw any light oif yjive any information
as to whether there had tfcen any bribery. '
Levings explained that he was in a very
embarrassing position. The information
which he had given the Examiner was
the property of that paper, he oeir.g only
an employe. He could not give any of
his information without the consent of
the Examiner, and he could not betray
any confidence that had b<»en reposed in
him. When he was asked whether he
knew that even a single Assemblyman
had been bribed Ciunie objeted. Lev
ings said that he thought he could direct
the committee to a place where they could
get information as to tbe truth or falsity
of the charge or bribery, and when asked
where, he replied by referring the com
mittee to the Western Union Telegraph
Company.
When asked whether that was where he
got his information Knight objected.
When asked whether Lcvings could fur
nish the name of any individual who
could give the committee even the least
information Knight objected again.
"Suppose that an operator in the West
ern Union Telegraph office in Sacramento
told this reporter— suppose he gave him a
hint," said Knight, "about bribery and
said that things were getting very crooked
and there was a suspicion of bribery
going on, do you think this witness would
have a risiht to expose and disgrace that
young man?"
Knight in th» same breath remarked
that he did not wish to be understood as
casting any reflections upon the operator.
Valentine, wearied of the attempt of the
Examiner to hide behind the slandered
telegraph operator, made a little speech
in which he said: "We come right now
to the plain bold statement of asking this
witness, as a representative of the Ex
aminer, for the facts, if any, on which he
has written this article and scattered it
broadcast over the whole State besmirch
ing every member of the Legislature. We
ask him the plain question, what was it?
We ask him if the Examiner will refuse
to permit him to answer that question."
Knight objected again, and Chairman
Belshaw remarked that he admired
Knight's gall, whereupon Knight said that
it was the first time in his experience that
he knew a legislative committee to accuse
a lawyer of having gall.
T c committee vainly tried for a half
hour or more to get livings to tell the
facts on which he based the article,
but as L >vin,T3 had no facts his attorneys
vehemently objected time and time again,
until the committee (Mead and Ryan,
Democrats, voting no) adjudged nim
guilty of contempt, but deferred action
on sending him to jail until the Senate
committee could take a whack at him in
the evening.
G. H. Jessen, another Examiner corre
spondent, testified that he knew nothing
about any bribery in tue Legislature or
about the article.
The committee then adjourned until 9
o'clock on Monday morning.
DARE NOT ANSWER.
Being Afraid to Confess the Fake
Examiner Fakers May Be
S nt to Jail.
SACRAMENTO, Cal.. March s.— As the
result of the hearing before the Senate
Bribery Investigating Committee to-night
the wain of a jail stare Andrew M. Law
rence, managing editor of the Examiner,
and L. L. Levings, a member of the Ex
aminer staff, in the face. Both preserved
the attitude of defiance toward the com
mi'tee which makes them liable to pun
ishment for contempt, and under the cir-
cnmstances the Senate will bare no other
coarse open, in justice to the members of
that body, than to order them imprisoned
until they consent to answer ttie questions
which they baked at to-night.
Not one scintilla of evidence of any
kind, o-al or documentary, was obtained
to show that there was any foundation for
the Examiner's fake of last Saturday.
Tnere were the same attempts at bully
ragging witnesses and bulldozing the com
mittee and its attorney that were made
before the Assembly committee, but the
firmness and dignity of Chairman Dickin
son of the committee and of Senator
Morehouse, who acted as attorney for the
Senate in the matter, soon made irre^
pressibie Andy Clunie realize that nis
capers would neither be effective nor tol
erated.
There were also the name transparent
attempts to cloud the issuo by the legal
representatives of the Examiner, who
were re-enforced in the peison of Garret
M< Enerney, that had been made on other
occasions. Ttey continued to try to make
it appear that the fuct that the Examiner
had published its story on rumor and
hearsay only cut no figure in the case,
and that the Examiner bad now the right
to go on a fishing excursion into the rec
ords of the Western Union Telegraph
Office, the Postal Telegraph Office, on the
waters of the seas, on shore and even into
the clouds above to secure testimony, if
any there was. to prove that bribery had
been commitiei in connection with As
sembly bill 273.
But the committee and his attorneys
knew tbeir duties, their rights and the
law too well to be coaxed, beguiled or
driven from the real object of the investi
gation. This was clearly enunciated by
Chairman Dickinson, who said that the
Examiner had made the charges of
bribery, and if those charges were true the
Examiner should have the information
necessary to prove them, and should be
only too glad to furnish that information
to the committee. By doing so, he inti
mated, it would be doing the State a
great public service and would at the same
time lift from itself the cloud of suspicion
that now rested upon it and made it ap
pear that its bribery charges were abso
lutely without foundation, and that its
story relative to the matter was a pure
fake.
Daring the arguments that interspersed
the taking of testimony, Attorney Knight
virtually admitted that the article had
heen published simply on idle rumors and
unreliable hearsay.
The Supreme Court room, where the
inquiry was held, was crowded to suffoca
tion, all the Senators being in attendance,
the Senate having adjourned to be present.
Andrew .M. Lawrence, managing editor
of the Examiner, was the first witness
called. With little preliminary interroga
tion. Senator Morehouse got right into the
heart of the matter.
"Do you know who wrote the article?"
he asked.
"I would like to consult my attorney,"
answered thj witness.
After consultation with both Knight
and Glunie the latter objected to the ques
tions on the statutory ground that they
were incompetent, irrelevant and imma
terial.
No attention was paid to the objection,
and the witness replied, "I know by hear
say."
"Do you know of your own knowledge
who wrote the article?"
The same objection was made but again
ignored, and the same reply was given.
"Do you know of any fact or circum
stance set forth in the article last Satur
day of your own knowledge?"
"I had been informed by a member of
the staff that there were telegrams in the
Western Union office that would show
there waß bribery," Jnswered the witness,
according to the preconcerted plan to at
tempt to make the Western Union a
stumbling block in the investigation, and
possibly a shield for the lakers.
"Do you know this of your own knowl
edge?"
"I do not."
"Do you know any Senator or Assem
blyman who received money to vote for
this bill?"
"I do not."
To all further questioning Lawrence
gave replies intending to convey the idea
that he bad no knowledge of the article
until after its publication, notwithstand
ing that he was at the time in charge of
the Examiner as managing and news ed
itor and had full control of its columns.
He was excused and L. L. Levingc, one
of the Sacramento legislative correspond
ents of the Examiner, was put on the
stand. Levin>;s went through the same
programme he had carried out before the
Assembly committee. He claimed to have
knowledge of the facts upon which the
Examiner article was based, but evaded
answering the question if he had fur
nished the data upon which the article
was written.
Clunie claimed that the writing con
taining such data was the best evidence,
and that Morehouse had no legal right to
make the witness testify orally on the
matter.
Then Morenouse put the Examiner on
record in its attitude tending to block, the
investigation. He said:
"This investigation is an investigation
of the Legislature of California. The Sen
ate is under a charge of bribery published
in the Examiner. It either had or had
not these facts in its possession at the
time that article was published. It can
take the stand and tell us all the facts,
and that is all we want, and when we have
the facts we will bring the parties here
who can prove bribery or did the bribing.
The man who wrote the article is the best
witness."
Clunie tried his sidetracking bluster by
suggesting that Bagget, Jaynes or Hay
ward be put on the stand, but Dickinson
quietly but effectively t6ok all the steam
out of him by remarking: ''We propose
to start at the fountain head of the source
whence these charges flowed. We ask
these gentlemen of the Examiner to state
who were bribed and how it was done.
The Examiner is here as a witness and
not as a prosecutor. We refuse absolutely
the proposition that this is a prosecution.
of the Examiner, and decline to allow the
Examiner to take charg> of the prosecu
tion. We want nothing subsequent to the
time the article was published. We will
come to that later."
Then Knight gave the fake of the Ex
aminer en areiyaway, to use the expres
sive slang of the day. He said :
"It makes no difference whether the
editor oi that journal knew the facts at
the time that article appeared or not. The
question is whether tne Legislature is
corrupt or pure. If the man who wrote the
article wrote it only on idle rumor and on
street talk at the time of writing, and can
now prove by outsMe means these charges,
this committee will not hide itself behind
the fact that this man did not know the
truth at the time he wrote the article.
Let us submit for the sake of argument
that he wrote it on idle rumor and that
since be and bis friends have made an ex
amination of the matter and have learned
it was true, and is prepared to prove to
night the fact, would not the committee
accept it f"
In this virtual admission of faicine on
the part of the Examiner, and this cunning
plea to be allowed to go on a fishing ezcur
sion for evidence, Knight showed the true
status of the journal be represented.
To this Morehotise replied that ail the
committee wanted was that if the Exam
iner had no fact* in its possession at tue
time it should say so right out and the ex
amination would be stopped.
Knight, however, refused to make the
flat admission.
Morehouse then declared until the com
mittee had thoroughly examined the peo
ple who made the rssault on the Legisla
ture, there could be no fair investigation.
Lawrenoe was recalled, and while he
denied he had seen the dispatches which
went to the Examiner from Sacramento
on Friday las , he admitted having infor
mation bearing on the article. He was
asked if the iniormation was in writing,
and declined to answer at first, but subse
quently replied in the affirmative.
"From whom?" continued Mo r ehouse.
"I decline to answer," replied the wit
npss.
•'Where is that writing now?"
"I dec.me to answer."
"What did you do with it?"
"Destroyed it Threw it away."
"How did you destroy it?"
"I decline to answer."
"What was the contents of the docu
ment?"
"I decline to answer."
"Dd or did not the contents have rela
tion to the subject-matter of the article in
the Examiner last Saturday?"
"I decline to answer."
At this point Morehouse turned to the
chairman and said: "If I can't get an
answer then I ask that the proper resolu
tion be adopted by the Senate and that
the witness be committed to prison until
he answers."
The chairman said the matter would be
duly considered, and the witness was ex
cused for the time being.
Several others of the Examiner staff
were put on the stand, but stated they
had no knowledge whatever of the matter,
and were excused for good.
Levings was recalled, and he was not
long in getting into the same boat with
his superior. H ! testified that of his own
knowledge he did not know of any one
paying or receiving a bribe in connection
with Assembly bill 273. His troubles be
gan when he was asked by Moorehouse:
"Do you know of your own knowledge
of any telegrams sent by any member of
the Snate or nceived by any member of
the Senate to influence his vote for this
bill?'
"I shall decline to answer," said the
witness, and then pleaded not to be asked
to violate the confidence that he intimated
had been placed in him, whicn. he said he
would have to do if he replied.
Dickinson ruled the reason was neither
good nor valid, and the witness again de
clined to answer.
"The committee will take the matter
under advisement," sententiously and
significantly remarked the chairman, and
then excused the wi ness for the present.
Superintendent Jaynes was put on the
stand and said that if any telegrams that
the committee desired were sufficiently
identified to come within the decision of
the Supreme Court on the matter he
would on Monday produce them, and
Clunie was given the privilege of drafting
the subpenas duces tecum for such tele
grams, so that the Examiner could have
no cause for complaint.
In connection with the present investi
gation it is pertinent to recall the course
of the Examiner in Ihe notorious Brnner
case. It then had facts and allowed its
reporters to go on the stand and testify
freely and fully as to all they knew. If it
has facts now, is the question asked by
legislators, why don't it produce them
ana aid the investigating committee, in
stead of arraying itself in a defiant atti
tude against the committee?
It is understood thai on Monday the
necessary resolutions citing the two re
calcitrant witnesses to appear before the
bar of the Senate, and asking that they be
imprisoned for contempt, will be intro
duced in the Senate.
MOFFITT'S EXPLANATION.
Tolls Why He Called Lawrence a
"Liar, Crook and Boodllngr
Blackguard."
OAKLAND, Cal., March s.— Mr. Mof
fitt said to-nisrht: "At the instance of this
fellow Lawrence I was subpenaed to Sac
ramento to testify before the investigation
committee. There was no reason fcr
sending for me except that I am a friend
of Colonel Hay ward, against whom there
is a big tight. I never knew of tbe Hale &
Norcross bill and have not asked a mem
ber of the Legislature to vote for or ayair.st
any measure of any kind this session. In
obedenca to the subpena I went to
Sacramento.
"Mr. Hay ward was also sent for. When
Lawrence saw me there with Mr. Hay
ward he concluded that lie would roast all
of Mr. Hayward's friends, knowing that I
never would have been there if he (Law
rence) had not sent for me. Accordingly,
this morning he printed a lot of personal
references to myself, concerning wtiich
there is not a word of truth, and when he
passed me in front of the Golden Eagle
Hotel I concluded I would denounce him.
It is true that I did use some language
that no newspaper could piint. I also
used some that stung him, I guess, pretty
deep. He acted like a cur in not resent
ing what I called him, and sixty seconds
would cover the whole episode. Yes, I
sa id Lawrence was interested in the Hale
& Norcross judgment.
"I do not know this, bat I have betn
told it. I called him a liar, a crook and a
boodhng blackguard and many other
things. I was not dot, but I thought that
the scrub should ba called down. There
were many present and they all seemed
triad. While I consider myself even witn
Lawrence, I did not by any means fire off
all my ammunition and I cannot now tell
how far I may be forced to fo in dealing
with Lawrence. There was no reason for
Lawrence jnmi in? me in the first place,
and it is only human nature for one to re
taliate when he has the whip hand."
Sir.rt.Ji S. BUBLiCAXt,.
Will Shortly Ittug a Call for a National
onrentioil.
WASHINGTON, D. C, March 5.-
Charles A. Towne of Minnesota, whoso
term as Representative expired on March
4, and woo has been named as the pro
visional chairman of tl)«* National Com
mittee of the Republican Silver party,
rinds that the call issued a fortnight ago
for a meeting of that committee at Chi
cago on June 8 is receiving many letters
indicating that all the States, with few
Nerve
Strength ia impossible without pure.rlch blood.
Thai ia why nervous people find real and per-
manent relief and cure, health and strength in
Hood's
Sarsaparilla
The best— in fact the One True Blood Purifier.
Hnnri'Q PilfQ are the only p* llj to talM
nUUU 5 rillS with Hood's Sarsaparilla.
exceptions, will elect a provisional mem
ber of this committee to attend the Chi
cago meeting. At that meeting a regular
organization will be formed and a call
issued for a National convention.
| rrc'.— 'l bj Floods.
LOVELAND, Ohio, March s.— An extra^
freigh; crashed into the Royal Blue flier ]
of the Baltimore and Ohio Southwestern
this morning in the fog, wrecKing the
rear sleeper. It was reported at first that
several persons had been killed, but it is
now believed that none were fatally hurt.
Doctors from here helped the few in
jured. Floods and washouts bad torn
down the telegraph wires and caused the
accident.
AURORA, Isd., March s.— The fast
newpaper train on i' c Baltimore and Ohio
Southwestern was wrecked this morning,
plunging into a flooded creek, xno livei
were lost.
Chicago Building 'Jrndea to Ii" lid Up.
CHICAGO, 111., March s.— Fully 4000
union bodcarriers will strike Monday
morning a.ainst a reduction in wages.
With the hodoarriers 2500 members of the
Building Trades Council will go out, and
building operations will practically cease.
To Exclude Hontrn and Lnymen.
BALTIMORE, Md., March s.— The Bal
timore conference of the Methodist Epis
copal Church voted to-day— loo to 65—
against the admi-sion of women to the
g- neral conference. The proposition to
give laymen equal representation with
the clergy was also defeated.
♦
Senator Jltackburn'a &ucee»*or.
LOUISVILLE, Ky., March s.— Governor
Bradley this morning appointed Major
Wood United States Senator to sncceed
Blackburn. The Governor also called an
extra cession of the Legislature for March
13 to elect a Senator for the full term.
/>(«(i.«irniM J-'irrH in the East
WORCESTER, Mass.. March s.— Fire
to-day destroyed the Day building and i
the Goulding block. The loss i* half a 1
million. Several firemen were hurt. A
ROME, N. V., March 5.— A big six-story^
brick block was burned to-day at a total
lo*s of $-'00,000.
You know right well that the losses in-
crease rather than decrease, and why
you go on suffering the tortures that
. you do mentally— to say nothing
of what you do physically— is .
one of the things that
pass all understanding.
• How dizzy you get
when on the street, •;;
for instance!
HUDYAN! HUDYAN
Will
do the
work in
your case.
Yes! It will,
give you new
fife ; it will give ■
you renewed and
more useful en-
ergy. The " gloom
will be gone the
twitchings of the mus-
cles of the face will be a
■ . thing of the past, and you ■ ■ ■>..• ;
' ■ will again love and be loved.
Is it worth making one struggle
for? If not, why are you read-
ing this? You are evidently inter-
ested in getting well. Why not clinch it?
Circnlars and- Testimonials as to the
unquestioned efficacy of tbe " Great '
Hutlyan," a« well as to the grand re-
sults obtained by those who have used
the 30-day cure for all classei of blood
poisoning, are sent free to any . one
who will ask for them or write to the
Institute for them. . And the advice of
the Doctors is free, too ! Can you ask
more?
Hudson Medical Institute
/Market, Ellis and Stockton Sts.,
SAX FRANCISCO, CAL.
SEMI-ANNUAL EXAMINATION
TEACHERS!
OFFICE OF THE CITY BOaRI) OF EXAMI
OJATIOS (Third Floor New City Hall),- V
• ••-■'■■•■ • :-an Francisco, Marcu 6. 1897." 1 )
THE REGUL \K Sh.il.- A.\.\DAL RXAlLiNA-
tlon of applicants for teachers' certificate (High
School, Grammar and Primary trades ana special
certificate) will commence at the Normal School
on Powell street, between (lay and Sacramento,
onFKIDAV, March 12, 1897, at 2 o'clock p it.
Applicants who wish 10 pasi an examination for
High School certificates or sp'-cl A certificates will v
send notice to this ofßcv on oi Wore March 8. ,- 1
In comp iance with the State Sen ol law each sp- I
plicant must pay an examination fee of 92 In ad- I
vance. : Applicants who end taiclag ihertam- I
Ination must register prior to the commencement/ ■
of the same as no fees will be received on that
date. ... . :■;;,* p. M. NOLAN,
Secretary City Board of Examination.
. Office hours— Wed nes lavs, from 3:30 to 4:30
p. m.; Saturdays, from 9:30 to 11 a. m. : •■•.
1,, A.Bertelinsr, Pres. B. Nordmnn. Vlce-Pras,
A. W. Kirlc. sea Jos. Xordman, Treat
(Formerly 427 Kearny St.)
HAS REMOVED TO
16 KEARNY STREET
DR.MCNULTY.
T'HTS WELL-KNOWN AND RKLrABLE C>Ll»
. Specialist cum Private, Nervous, Blood and Sklu
Diseases of Men only. Manly Power restored. Over
20 years' experience. Send for Book, free. Patients .
cured »t Home. 3 Terms reasonable. Hoars, 9 to 3 -
dally;6:3otoB.3oev'cs. Sundays, 10 to 12. Consulta- -
tion free and sacredly confidential. Call or address
;:^\7/;i». boscoe McSILTT, H. !>., *
26.'-^ Ktmny Street. Saw l'ran'<Ur«, Cal.
WK^UC Vftll "^ ra Tnroat, PimplesrCopper-H \
LaHAYt TUU colored BpoW, Aches, Old So>esS (
■■L' leers in Mouth, Hair-Falling' Write COOKS I
■BEMGDT CO., SOI aZasoale TempleS /
Hchlcavo, Ill.< for proofs ot cares. Cupl-H \
Htul, 8500,000. Worst cases cured In lfiH l
Hie 35 day. IPO-paw book IVee. H
Weak Men and Women
SireY^^^n^^'g^Hß
Birengtii to tit* Sexual Organ* ; *»•»"« »»•CLOUDBURSTS AND
HEAVY TORNADOES
Great Havoc Caused by the
Storms in Eastern
States.
Residents of Suburbs Along the
Rivers Flee for Their
Lives.
Much Prooerly Destroyed and Rail
road Tracks Washed Out on
Several Lines
ST. LOUIS, Mo., March s.— At mid
night last night the rain which has fallen
steadily for thirty-six hours suddenly be
came of cloud-burst proportions, and all
the low-lying parts of the city were soon
under water. The River Doc Peres, which
drains the city's western suburbs, over
flowed its bank-, and the villages of Chel
tenham, Clifton, Howard. Benton, Ellen
dale and Edgewood were water-bound.
The track of the St. Louis and San
Francisco Railroad was covered. The
River Dec Peres, ordinarily eighteen
inches deep, was twelve feet deep and a
mile wide. But one railroad track, the
Missouri Pacific, was above water. A
footbridge at the Subletto avenue cross
ing was carried away and two men were
drowned. People living in the flooded
.district took refuge in the tops of their
houses. The police and volunteers broucht
boats and took them to high ground. This
work went on until -day light, when the
water receded rapidly. The losa will be
enormous.
The Iron Mountain tracks along the
river were washed out at three points,
though traffic is continued over the Illi
nois Central to Cairo. Every incoming
train was late from two to four hours.
On the other side of the Mississippi
River the flood did some damage, princi
pally to railroads. The Vandalia and
Baltimore and Ohio are the most serious
sufferers. Canteen Creek, near the bluffs,
grew to the proportions of a lake near
Collinsville and Casey ville. Serious wash
outs at these points caused the abandon
ment of all trains on the Vandalia and
Baltimore and Ohio. There are two breaks
on the Vandalia road near Collinsville
two hundred yards wide, and the water is
running under the track in torrents. Tne
loss to farmers in the American Bottoms
and south to the Chester Bluffs will be
very heavy.
CINCINNATI, Ohio, March s.— The
Ohio River is rising rapiily. There has
been a steady downpour of rain for fifteen
hours. Great damage is reported. Many
persons were compelled to flee for their
lives.
The steam railroads and the electric
line to College Hill were closed on account
of the submerged tracks. The town of
Lockland, Ohio, is inundated, and at
Cummingsvilie, in the northern part of
this citr, the raging torrent is doing more
damage than the recent high, water.
Houses ta.e baan moved from their
foundations. All small streams are
swollen. The Miami and Licking rivers
will certainly tise to swell the Ohio
Kiver, which is now rising at the rate of
seven inches an hour.
The Weather Bureau states that the
rain is general from the Missouri Valley
to the Alleghany Range, being heaviest in
Illinois, Indiana and Western Ohio. The
river at this point is expected to reach the
danger line— forty-live feet — by the rising
ot its northern tributaries. The rain is
likely to continue all night. The sur
rounding country has been greatly dam
aged by the overflow of small streams.
A landslide at Trautmans station car
ried away part of *he Big Four Railroad
track and covered other parts, preventing
any trains on that road reaching this
city. Andersons Ferry is submerged from
surface floods, all the river-front houses
are in danger, and north of the city the
flood is the worst ever experienced there.
COLUMBUS, Ohio, March s.— Rain has
been falling steadily and heavily since
last night. The water is threatening the
street railways. Reports from the country
say that great damage has been done by
the floods. All railroad trains were de
layed Dy washouts. The Ohio River is
rising and another flood is expected.
LOUISVILLE, Ky., March s.— Five
railroads were cut off from Louisville to
day by the heavy rains in Indiana. Every
line north ol the Ohio River has trainß
scattered all over Indiana between Louis
ville, Chicago, St. Louis and Cincinnati.
The Louisville, New Albany and Chicago
and the Baltimore and Ohio Southwestern
had no trains in or out. The Big Pour
train from Chicago, due at 7:39 a. m., ar
rived at 1 p. M. The Pennsylvania only
succeeded in getting in one train, and the
ht. Louis Air Line's service was badJy de
moralized.
A tornado did considerable damage in
Central Kentucky tnis morning. Western
Kentucky was also in the storm's path.
In Christian County a negro was tilled by
the blowing down of a barn and two others
probably faially injured. Near East
Christian Robert Hail, a farmer, was
fatally injured by a piece of flying timber.
INDIANAPOLIS, Ind., March s.— Not
since 1875 have the railroads experienced
so much trouble from high waters as to
day. There was not a train in from Cin
cinnati to-day. The Indianapolis and Vin
cennes had rive washouts and all through
trains were annulled for th« day. The
Vandalia had trouble on the westend and
no trains anived Jrom St. Louis until late
this evening. The Peoria and Eastern was
delayed two hours by a washout at Oler
mont. Ihe Monon has a washout south
of Crawford-vilJe, and ran its night ex
press for Louisville via Nashville intend
ing to go over the Louisville division of
the Pennsylvania line, but between Co
lumbus got tied up by a washout.
The Big Four's hret trouble was at Val
ley Junction where the dirt from a bank
had rolled down on the track for a consid
erable distanc covering the track several
feet deep. To get around this tie Big
Four sent its trains west over the Cincin
nati, Hamilton and Dayton, but between
Rushville and Morristown washouts
stopped the Monon trains, and all day
trains of both roads were tied up and not
until evening was there any train from
Cincinnati. The Big Four also had diffi
culty on its Cincinnati and Columbus di
vision. On the Cairo division several
washouts were reported.
NAfcHVILLE. Tekn., March s. —A small
cyclone struck Nashville this afternnoon,
doing considerable damage. The centen
nial buildings came through unscathed.
Scores of big downtown business uousei
were unroofed and the Masonic Temple
was slightly damaged. No fatalities have
been reported as yet.
WEYLER'S FIERCE DEFIANCE.
Sccffs at Newspaper Criticisms and Says
He Will Continue o Wade in
Cuban Blood.
HAVANA, Cuba, March s.— While at
Remedies Captain-General Weyler was
interviewed by a correspondent of La
Luchaof this city. General Weyler said
amons other things:
'•Believe me, 1 pay no attention what
ever to what is said or murmured about
me by the newspapers here or outside of
Cuba. 1 have fixed invariable plans,
which I intend to follow with all the
tenacity of which I am capable, and noth
ing will makf me deviate from that line
of conduct. My columns are now impos
ing peace with the muzzles ol their guns.
Nothing wi 1 be heard of peace in the
provinces of Pinar del Rio, Havana or
Matanzas until I begin operations on a
great scale, pressing, pursuing and cor
raling the rebels on all sides. The same
thing will happen in the eastern provinces
as soon as I begin operations in that part
of the island."
All the local daily papers, in their com
ments upon President McKinley's inaug
ural address, express satisfaction that he
did not allude to the Cuban question.
This is taken to indicate that he will
adopt a policy of abstention, leavins Spain
to settle her affairs alone.
THE 3IVRJ>t,R OF RUIZ.
Contul Lee Complain* of Olney's Unjuit
Conduct.
NEW YORK. N. V., March 6 —A dis
patch to the Herald from Havana says:
Consul-General Lee has received the cor
respondence in relation to the Ruiz case,
as given to the Senate by the Secretary of
State, Mr. Olney. The Consul-General
will not make an official reply until the
official record is forwarded to iim.
He will then in the most public manner
reply to the correspondence, which does
him grave injustice. At the proper mo
ment he will have no difficulty in proving
how without foundation are Mr. Olney's
insinuations. It can hardly be imagined
how the department could have supposed
that General Lee would demand Ruiz's
release from incommunicado when sev
enty-two hours had elapsed.
The department never authorized Con
sul Lee to do so, though instructions in
this sense have been repeatedly requested
by him in similar cases and were never
forthcoming.
In the Scott case General Lee demanded
his release from incommunicado upon his
own authority, and the department, see
ing that the steps were approved by the
people, did not disavow it. But until
after the murder of Ruiz the department
had never insisted upon the recognition
by the Spanish authorities of this un
doubted treaty richt.
HILI* COMPETITOR RUMOR.
Groundless Story of Her Having Been
Heleasrti and Sunk.
HAVANA, Cuba, March 5.— A number
of inquiries were received here to-day re
garding a report that the Spanish au
thorities had released the captured filibus
tering schooner Competitor and her crew
and that the vessel had been sunk by a
Spanish warship after leaving the harbor.
The report is totally unfounded. Tne
Competitor is lying at the anchorage here,
in which she was placed after being
brought here. The men who were cap
tured on her are still in the Cabanas
fortress, and as far as can be learned from
officials there has been
no change in their condition since they
were tried and sentenced to death.
HEW ORDERS FROM MADRID.
Convicted Americans to Be Expelled
Fran* the Island.
WASHINGTON, D. C, March s.—Secre
tary Oiuey has received the following ca
blegram from Consul-General Lee at Ha
vana:
All quiet; no excitement here now. I hope
to see prompt trial of all Americans impris
oned, those found innocent to be released and
those guilty sent out of the island.
This dispatch, which came this after
noon in cipher, indicates a most impor
tant change of attitude on the part of the
military authorities in Cuba under orders
from Madrid, as guilty Americans, on
conviction, are to be expelled from the
island instead of being otherwise pun
ished.
FROM THE HAWAIIAN ISLANDS.
D mond Secures a D vorce and Custody
of His Child — The Ex-Queen's Move
ments Cause Uneasiness.
HONOLULU, Hawaii, Feb. 25, via Vic
toria, B. C, March 5.— T. E. French oi
San Francisco and Valley Springs was
drowned on the 19th, while bathing at
Waikikl Beach.
Warren Goodall fell dead in the street
of heart disease on the night of February
22. He was an aged man of high stand
ing here for fifty years.
The Dimond divorce case closed yester
day after ten days' trial. Judgment was
promptly given for the hnsband and the
custody of the child and no alimony to
the wife. Spectators and the press were
excluded. It is learned that four degraded
women testified to participation in vile
orgies at the husband's house in his wife's
absence, where the captain of a steamer
was present and three white women from
the ship took a very active part. The hus
band was able to refute that by the testi
mony of reliable men living with him at
the time alleged.
No violence on the husband's part was
proved except that in a violent quarrel
about her conduct witli a naval omcer he
shot at her and plunged her into a chair.
Her theatrical engagement is understood
to have contributed to defeat her claims
to the custody of tne child.
Neither of the parties receives any sym
pathy. The wife was married at 18 to a
young and indiscreet husband, who was
apt to fill his house with naval officers
and other gay companions.
The royalist paper, the Independent,
discredits the Washington report that
Liliuokalani has repudiated the validity
of her act of abdication. All the papers
have entirely abstained from comment
while awaiting lurther news. The general
belief here is that she has done this in or
der to be in a belter position "as Queen to
ask for a money indemnity for her de
thronement and loss of income of crown
lauds on the ground that she was de
throned by United States naval forces. It
is now believed that she would resume an
attitude of open hostility to this Govern
ment in mere wantonness without a spe
cific object. Many persons believe when
she left here that the object of her visit
was to enter such a suit.
Itetn* From Colon.
COLON, Colombia, March 5. — The
Britisn stenmt-r Earnweil, Captain Hicks,
from Norubre Dio* for Baltimore, which
went ashore at Venio Frio, but which
was subsequently floated, lelt here yester
day for Key West in tow of the wrecting
steamer Merrill.
Five hundred laborers arrived here yes
terday from Jamaica to work ou the
canal.
The cable between this place and Ja
maica, which broke recently, has not yei
been repaiied.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MARCH 6, 1897.
FOR BACK TAXES
AND PENALTIES
Kentucky Attorney-
Prepares Suit Against
Huntington.
i
Southern Pacific Lawyers Can
No Longer Dodge/the Road's
Debts.
—
An Extra Session of the Blue Grass
Legislature That Has Great :<
Significance.
FRANKFORT, Kt., March s.—Attor
ney-General Taylor has prepared suits to
be filed against the Southern Pacific Rail
road for taxes and penalties for the past
four years, aggregating $150,000, and will
file the iirst suit on Monday or Tuesday
for $60,000. It is known that it is the in
tention of Attorney-General Taylor to file
all the suits within the next week unless
the attorneys come up and settle before
that time.
The $60,000 suit is for penalties for 1893
--94, and brings the question to a square
issue. The attorneys for Huntington
have claimed they were unable to make
any statement to the officers on account
of statistics which had to be sent to New
York and San Francisco. The Attorney-
General set a date upon which they were
requested to corue forward. Attorneys
Humphrey and Davis stated they had re
ceived statistics, but were compelled to
send them back to New York on account
of not being sufficiently full. This was
simply a move on their part to prevent
further legislation, and in the hope that if
the road should gain the suit there would
be no further remedy against them.
General Taylor anticipated this, and
recommended legislation which would
give further power to the Board of Valua
tion, and prevent the road from escaping
taxation.
Governor Bradley's call for the Legisla
ture to meet in extra session March 13,
issuea to-day, recommends the passage of
acts for proper legislation along this line,
and since the call was issued, the attor
neys for the road nave asked another con
ference with Attorney-General Taylor, but
it is not likely that terms will be reached,
as General Taylor will accept nothing
short of a complete settlement, and the
road's lawyers have already indicated that
they are not going to do this unless com
pelled to do so by enforcement.
IRISH AtJTAIJt* J.\ VAKIAA HT.ST-
Financial Relations Discussed and
Remedies Suggested.
LONDON, Eng., March s.— ln the
House of Lords to-day Lord Castleton
(Liberal) raised the question of the finan
cial relations between Great Britain and
Ireland and suggested as a remedy for the
grievances of Ireland the creation of a con
solidated fund, to be managed by Irish
financiers and utilized to promote Irish
industries and agriculture. * ,
Lord Lansdowne, Secretary of State tor
War, speaking on behalf of the Govern
ment, advised that the House await the
report of the committee appointed to in
quire into the financial relations existing
between Great Britain and Ireland. Lord
Farrer (Liberal) expressed his disapproval
of the scope of the inquiry allowed to the
new commisssion.
Lord Morris, Lord of Appeal, expressed
the opinion that unjust taxation was
answerable for the downward course of
Ireland. He believed that crops would
disappear altogether and the people of
Ireland still further decrease in numbers
if the taxes were not reduced.
Lord Spencer (Liberal) thought that the
decrease of taxation in Ireland was the
only eventual solution of a safe measure
of home rule.
KRUQEK AS AN AUTOCRAT.
Stnds a Threatening Litter to the Trans
vaal Sigh Court.
PRETORIA, Transvaal, March 5. -
President Krueer has addressed a letter to
the Chief Justice and the Judges of the
High Court of the South African Republic
demanding that they conform to the law
passed by the Volksraad on February 25,
placing the High Court under the juris
diction of the Volksraad, within fourteen
days, and further warns them not to arro
gate to themselves the right to place their
own interpretation upon the constitution
of the country.
Embnttndor to England.
PARIS, France, March s.— Tne Soleil
asserts that General Jean Baptiste Billot
will succeed Baron de Courcet as French
Embassador to Great Britain. General
Billot is a life member of the French
Senate and was Minister of War in the
Cabinet of M. de Freycinet from January
to Aueust, 1882, and" in the succeeding
Cabinet formed by Duclerq from August,
1882, until January, 1853.
Will Xot Seat Don Carlos.
MADRID, opaix, March s.— Premier
Canovas held a conference with the Carlist
leaders yesterday and received from
them absolute deni&ls of the reports that
they were preparing for an armed move
ment in favor of the pretensions of Don
Carlos. Any such reports they assured
the Premier were positively withou t
foundation.
JSmperor William Atcenr* In Hermits.
BERLIN, Germany, March s.— Emperor
William arrived at Wilhelrnahaven to
day for the purpose of swenring in the
naval recruits The Kaiser was accom
panied by Prince Henry of Prussia, and
both were received with great enthusiasm.
f>torm» Sage in Spain.
LONDON, Eng., March 5.— A dispatch
from Madrid says that violent storms
have raged on the north coast of Spain,
causing great damage to uronerty. Two
veaieis have been wrecked off Puerto de
Basajes and twenty-seven persons were
drowned.
Siege Declared in ilontevedio.
LONDON, Eng., March 5.— A dispatch
from Montevidio says that a siege has
been proclaimed and orders have been
issued for the mobilization of the troops
of the republic.
UratU of a Bourbon Prince.
LONDON, Eng., March s.— Prince Louis
de Bourbon, Comte d'Aquila, formerly an
admiral in the Brazilian navy, died here
to-day.
Drain of David Foutz.
BALTIMORE, Md., March s.— Dave
Foutz, the well-known baseball-player,
and of recent years manager of the Brook
lyn league team, died at his mother's
home at Waverly, a suburb of this city,
to-day, of asthma.
Hun Itown nnd Killed.
NEW YORK, N. V., March s.— James
P. Kernochan, the well-known clubman
who was knocked down by a horse on
Fifth avenue on Monday, died at 8 o'clock
this evening at his home on Fifth avenue.
sßEKiya GAXJ>yE/rs keleabe.
friend* of the Faster Want to Jielieve a
California Aay inn..
CHICAGO, 111., March s.— The Chroni
cle this morning says: Friends of Robert
Gardner, the emulater of Dr. Tanner and
Succi and the man who recently completed
a fast of fifty-two days in Los Angeles,
will endeavor to secure his release from
the California asylum under the Illinois
wife abandonment act, Gardner having
deserted his wile in Chicago when he left
the city for Los Angeles to carry out his
strange regime.
At a meeting held on the South Side last
November he received the injunction from
i the spirit world to proceed immediatly to
Los Angeles and there to develop himself
by a course of fasting. At once Gardner
Kave up his position with Morton and left
his wife penniless at their home on Cottage
Grove avenue, near Forty-third street.
She was subsequently cared for by friends
on Emerald avenue. She is now in the
Provident Hospital. Thirty-ninth and
Dearborn streets. Upon his arrival in
Los Angeles, Gardner engaged apartments
at the Hotel Vogel and began his fast
January 5. For ritty-two days he did net
take food in any form, taking nothing
into his mouth or stomach save a little
water. .
Awful Colliery Explosion in Arkanita*.
HUNTINGTON, Ark., March s.— Two
miners were killed and thirty seriously
injured in the explosion of the mine of
the Kansas and Texas Coal Company.
** POCKET El»" BILLS.
Aunterou* Meaiure* Failed to Receive
Cleveland* Signature.
WASHINGTON, D. C, March s.— The
"pocteted" bills of the session of Con
gress ending yesterday which failed to
become laws because not signed by the
President (exclusive of the four great ap
propriation bills already mentioned) were
forty-five in number, of which eighteen
were private pension relief bills, twelve
bills to correct military iecords of indi
viduals and four were local legislation for
the District of Columbia.
The measures ot general importance
that reached the President and failed
wen the sundry civil bill, agricultural
bill and Indian appropriation bills, the
deficiency bills not reaching the White
House at all. The joint resolution to pre
vent the introduction and spread of cou
tagious diseases in the United States; the
act setting apart certain lands in the
State of Washington, now known as the
Pacific forest reserve, as a public park to
be known as Wasnington National Part;
the act to permit right of way through the
public lands for tramroads, canals, etc. ;
the act to repeal the timber culture laws;
the act in regard to the delivery of letters
in towns under certain conditions; to re
quire patents 10 be issued to land settled
under the act to provide for the settle
ment of the peninsula of Florida; the act
to simplify the system of making sales mi
the subsistence department of tbe navy
and the act authorizing the Galveston and
Great Northern Railroad Company to con
struct a railroad through Indian Terri
tory.
StSAIOK WOLCOTX'H RETURN.
Hat .Nothing to Say at Present, but lie
ii ifi I'ntte Statements.
WASHINGTON. D. C, March s.—Sena
tor Wolcott of Colorado, who went to
Europe some weeks ago to ascertain the
sentiment there with respect to an inter
national monetary conference, readied
Washington ibis morning. He declined
to discuss the result of his mission. "It
would manifestly be improper for me to
talk about this matter," said Mr. Wolcott,
"for no good would come of it. What I
may have learned cannot at this time be
made public, but I wish the United Asso
ciated Presses wouid deny, in my betialf,
some of the iillefcitt interviews with my
self that have appeared in the public
prints. I wish you would say that I have
at no time stated tbe names ot those with
whom I have conferred, and never have I
quoted the sentiments tuey havJ enter
tained or the ideas expressed. I have been
quoiea in the press as doing tiiis, and
such statements are absolutely inaccurate
and erroneous."
lOKPEDO-BOA.T CHRISTENING.
yarned by Secretary Herbert After Dl»-
tinguiahed Naval Officer*.
WASHINGTON, D. C, March s.—Src
retary Herbert to-day issued an order
naming the new torpedo-boats as follows:
No. 1, Farragut; No. 6, Porter; No. 7,
Dupont; No. 9, Dahlgreu; No. 10, T. A.
Craven. The vessels are named after
naval officers who served with distinction
during the War of the Rebellion.
The order changes to Porter the narue
of torpedo-boat No. 6, which a few weeks
ago had been christened Farragut, in
order that No. 1, which is a much larger
boat and, which is expected to make much
greater speed, may be called after the
leading admiral. No. 10 is named for
Tunis A. Craven, who was lost when com
manding the monitor Tecumseh in Mobile
Bay, and who, when the pilot told him it
was time to abandon the ship, replied,
"Alter you, pilot." The pilot alone lived
to tell the story.
In Succeed Judge Ide.
WASHINGTON, D. C. March 5.— W. L.
Chambers of Alabama, who was formerly
United States Land Commissioner of
Samoa, has been agreed upon by Great
Britain, Germany and the United States as
Chief Justice of Samoa, to succeed Judge
Icie, who is also an American. The King
of Sornoa makes the appointment and
will undoubtedly conlirru the selection.
Ex-Secretary Carlitle't Future.
WASHINGTON, D. C, March s.— The
Tim«s says: Hon. John G. Carlisle will
soon be general counsel lor the Fuilman
Car Company at $25,000 a year.
Logan Carlisle stated to-night that Sec
retary Carlisle had not yet decided where
he would locate or what he would do. It
is understood that he has several offers
under advisement.
Glass to Go to Marl Island.
WASHINGTON, D. C, March s.—Cap
tain Henry Glass is ordered the last day
of the month as captain of the Mare Isl
and Navy-yard, Cat. ; Naval Cadets Hall,
Johnson, McCormick, Roby, Bannon,
Landing, Kerns and Morton are ordered
from the Oregon to the naval academy for
final examination prior to promotion as
ensigns.
Move turn ti of -Karat Vent el*.
WASHINGTON, D. C, March s.— The
Monitor Puritan, on her way from Charles
ton, has been compelled to seek refuge
from heavy weather at Southport, N. C.
The Montgoni ry reached Pensacola to
day and tho flagship Philadelphia left
San Diego for San Jose de Gauteruala.
Republican Senators to Caucus.
Washington, d. c, March s.— a can
was issued this afiernoon for a caucus
of Republican Senators to-morrow at 2
o'clock. The purpose is to select a chair
man of the caucus to succeed Mr. Sher
man, but it is probable that other matters
may be discussed.
Detained by Bis Wife's nines:
WASHINGTON, D. C, March s.— Hon.
Grove Johnson will not be able to return
to California at once, and it may be a
week or two before he starts. The delay
is caused by the serious illness of his wile,
who, while out of danger, is yet very sick.
Stotter for Assistant Premier.
WASHINGTON, D. C, March 5.-Ex-
Concressman Bellamy Stotter of Ohio has
been tendered and accepted the office of
First Assistant Secretary of State, now
tilled by Mr. Kockhili of Maryland.
SECRETARY OLNEY
SHOWS HIS EARS
His Dignity Wounded by
the Inauguration Com
mittee.
Assigned to a Back Seat in the
Senate Chamber hj an
Oversight.
Explanations Are Unavailing, and
the Ex-Premier Declines to At
tend the Ceremonies-
WASHINGTON, D. C, March s.— The
causß of Secretary Olney's conspicuous
non-participation in the inaugural cere
monies is explained as follows:
Trie members of the Cabinet, in dis
cussing at Cabinet meetings last Tuesday
the parts assigned to them in the inaug
ural proceedings, found no provision in
the programme for their seats in the Sen
ate chamber or on the stand in front of
tho Capitol.
Secretary Thurber immediately com
municated with Secretary Sherman, chair
man of the arrangements committee, who
replied that heads of departments had
been provided for on the stand, but not in
the Senate. The programme was con
sulted again, and thin was found to be
true, but they were in the rear of mem
bers of the House of Representatives,
whereupon Secretary Olney declared that
he wouid not go to the Capitol at all. i
All the members of the Cabinet agreed
upon this action, but when Mr. McKinley
came to the White House yesterday and
started with Mr. Cleveland he noticed
that the Cabinet officers were not going
to accompany the parade, and, on in
quiry, learned the reason.
Senator Sherman, who was present, im
mediately offered to give front seats to
the secretaries on the floor of the Senate,
and Mr. Cleveland's advisers consented
to attend the ceremonies. None of them,
however, went on the stand as ''heads of
departments" to listen to the inaugural
speech, but hurried off to Secretary La
mont's house to bid Mrs. Cleveland
good- by.
Seretary Olney did not get Mr. McKin
ley's verbal invitation to go to the Capitol
because he was not at the White House
with bis colleagues in the morning, being
detained at the State Department all day
by important matters. He went, however,
to the ball in the evening, prepared to
escort Mrs. McKinley, according to the
adopted programme, but this wa3 disar
ranged at the last moment by Mrs. Me-
Kinley's weak condition compelling her
to have other assistance.
COURTEOUS SBCHETAHY SJI IHMA.S
UotC //.Ttr.iti I.*1 .* Hx- Queen Wat t.nahltd
to WHnex* the Inauguration.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Marcb 5.-Ex-
Secretary of State Olney denies any per
sonal responsibility for the presence of
ex-Q leen Liliuokalani of Hawaii in the
diplomatic gailery of the Senate yesterday
and to offset the publication that the ex
regal presence there during the inaugura
tion was due to a surreptitious gift of a
tiiket to her by tne State Department, ex
hibits the following letter:
United States senate, Committee ox)
Fokeign Relations, Feb. 8, 1897. \
Hon. Richard Oiney, tfecretary of State— sir: Ex-
QUeeti LmuokMlaiil is desirous of witnessing
the inauguration of the President ana Vice-
President-elect on the 4th of March, and she
has made application through her friends for
two seats, one for herself and one for her
escort.
It is impossible for the committee on ar
rangements to provide these places except in
the diplomatic gallery, but as the tickets to
that gallery are lo be sent to you for distribu
tion tbe committee does not feel at liberty to
assign seats in that gallery to any one.
It is, however, the judgment of the com
mittee of arrangements that you provide the
scats for the ex-Queen out of the sixty 10 be
sent you for the use of the diplomatic corps.
Very respectfully, John Sherman,
Chairman of the Committee on Arrangements.
PL E A SIX G INCIDENT.
Governor Jluihnell and Senator Hanna
scfcii'tc ledge a Serenade.
WASHINGTON, D. C, March s.— Mark
A. Hanna received his commission as
United States Senator from Governor
Bushnell this morning. Both the Gover
nor and Mrs. Bushnell are stopping at the
Arlington, where tl:ey figured in a pleas
ing incident early in the day. The Amer
icus Club of Pittsburg went to the Arling
ton with its band to serenade B. H. War
ner of Washington, who had charge of the
civic parade yesterday. Mr. Warner
n.aie a little speeca and then Governor
Bushnell was calied out to make a few
remarks. He spoke of the beautiful
weather that marked the inauguration
day and said it was an omen of the bright,
sunny and prosperous administration that
the President wuuld give.
Hanna, attracted by the music that fol
lowed the Governor's little speech, came
to the window of his apartment.
He was seen by the crowd, which
cheered with visor and called loudly for a
few words from the new Senator. Hanna
yielded to the importunities by coming
down to where the Americus Club men
and spectators were standing and made
some remarks in a happy vein.
NEW TIMBER IN THE SENATE.
Many Famous Characters Drop Out ot
Public Life With ihe Changtt ot
the Administration.
WASHINGTON, D. C, March s.— There
are a number of new faces in the Senate
that starts out with the incoming of the
McKiniey administration. There is the
fiery Foraker, to whom may be applied
a paraphrase of the historic remark ad
dressed to General McClellan on the oc
casion of his inauguration as Governor of
New Jersey in 1878: "Great Governor of
yesterday, great Senator of to-<iay; who
shall say but that greater honors may be
awaiting thee ?"
For the first time in thirty-seven years,
or since 1860, there is a Republican Sen
ator lrom the State of Maryland, George
L. Wellington succeeding Charles H.
Gibson as the colleague of Arthur Gorman.
David JB. Hill has said adieu to his as
sociates and Thomas C. Platt reaches the
height of his ambition in becoming a
regularly elected Senator from the Em
pire State. Big hearty, good-tempered
Senator Pusrh of Alabama is succeeded
by E. W. Pettis, and General John B.
Gordon of Georgia manes way for A. S.
Clay. Fred T. Dubois ot Idaho gives place
to Henry Heitlield, while the veneraole
John M. Palmer of Illinois surrenders his
seat to the joke-loving, story- telling
William E. Mason.
The silver-tongued oratory of the "Tall
Sycamore of the \Vabash," Daniel W.
Voorhees, will be bear<l no more in the
Senate chamber, and the dignified, some
what austere C. W. Fairbanks will co
operate with David Turpin in represent
ing the Hoosier State. " The great and
only Peffer also is retired to private life
in favor of Lucien Baker, and Senator
Blanchard gives way to ex-Governor
McEnery.
The last of the great Cameron dynasty
that for years held the political rule of
Pennsylvania in the hollow of its hand
has also said farewell to the highest leg
islative chamber, and Boise Penrose sits
beside his political maker and mentor,
Matthew S. Quay. Joseph H. Earl be
comes the cdieague of "the only Ti!l
-man" from South Carolina, succeeding
John Erby.
John L. Wilson succeeds Watson C.
Squire from Washington, and last but not
least John C. Spooner, the lit tie giant of
Wisconsin, resumes possession of the
seat that he surrendered six years erno to
William L. Vilas, and in doincr so has
honored himself and his State by paying
the highest tribute to the Senatorial
career of his political opponent.
THE- rnUSIIiEXT KEPT BUST.
Hot a Moment to Him**lf From Morning
to Maht.
WASHINGTON, D. C, March s.—Presi
dent McKinley rose at half-past 7 o'clock
this morning, after a good night's rest,
and nowise the worse for tne fatigue inci
dent to the inauguration ceremonies.
Mrs. McKinley also has been unharmed
by the excitement and fatigue of the week.
The first official act of the new executive
was the signing of the commission of John
Sherman as Secretary of State.
The President's secretary. J. Addison
Porter, arrived about 9 o'clock and talked
for half an hour or more with his chief.
The first caller was Senator 8. M. Cul
lom of Illinois. Shortly alter Senator Cul
lom departed Senator Mason ot the same
State arrived and paid his respects to Sec
retary Porter and the Piesident.
At 10:25 the members of Mr. Cleveland's
Cabinet, with the exception of Mr. Olney,
who came ten minutes later, called to pay
their respects and bid farewell. The mem
bers of the Cleveland Cabinet were re
ceived promptly by the President, who
shook hands \\iih them and exonangea a
few plea-ant words of greeting.
At 11 o'clock the members of the
Twenty-third Ohio, Major McKinley's
regiment, 150 in number, called and were
received in the east room. The meeting
was an impressive one. Troop Aof Cleve
land, the President's escort of yesterday,
was also received.
At 11:35 ex-Governor Long, future Sec
retary ot the Navy, who arrived in Wash
ington this morning, reported as ready for
duty.
Tne resignation of Embassador Bayard
was received this morning.
In the afternoon, between 4 and 5
o'clock, Major McKinley received several
thousand members of civic and political
organizations. Shortly after noon ex-
Speaker Reed called at the White House.
The President cordially received Mr.
Reed, and they bad a lons and appar
ently pleasant talk. Other callers of
prominence in the early afternoon were
Attorney-General-elect McKenna, Colonel
J. J. McCook of New York, Marat Hal
stead, Major Caldwell of Cincinnati and
General J. J. O'Beirns of New York.
Governor Drake of lowa, accompanied
by his staff officers and their wives, was
received by the President at 1:15. The
President did not have a minute to him
self after 9 o'clock. The executive man
sion was surrounded by crowds all day,
and hundreds of people ineffectually tried
to have interviews with the President.
THE A HUM HA HO \ TH tSA.IT.
Mo further Advanced Than When first
Negotiated.
WASHINGTON, D. C, March s.— The
action of the Senate this morning in desig
nating Senator Davis of Minnesota as act
in? chairman of the Committee on For
eign Relations is . a compliment to the
ranking member of that committee. The
proceeding was oat of the usual order, and
was made necessary by reason of - the
pressing business before the committee. '
With the death of the Fifty-fourth Con
gress the general treaty of arbitration be
NEW TO-DAY— CLOTHING.
Bm| to-night.
LAST CHANCE
Last Chance to Get These Suits at SB.
At 10 to-night this sale and Black, and pretty
stops. Don't delude your- Worsted Serges in dark
self with false hopes that shades,
it may be continued. Mon- . Every suit guaranteed
day you'll pay our regular to be pure wool every
price for these suits— slo, suit kept in repair one year
$12, $15 and $16. free of charge. .
Single and Double • • Fakers are imitating our
Breasted Sacks; latest ' ; name and number. Look
effects in , Light Grays out for them. Be sure
and Havana Brown; Fash- you see the name — S. N.
ionable Cheviots, in Blue WOOD & CO.
■
S. N. WOOD Si CO.
(COLUMBIAN WOOLEN MILLS),
541 Market Street.
Directly Opposite Sansome.
■ ■ ■■• :-:■ ■; ■•:■■ ■ :■■ ■ .'' . '-" : - '. i ■
tween the United States and Great Bri.
tain leaves the table of tne Senate and
goes biok to the committee. This nction.
of course, carries with it all the pending
amendments and leaves the treaty before
the committee absolutely as negotiated
and sent to the Senate by President Cleve
land. The discussion of the treaty will be
commenced in the committee, and in due
time the general treaty of arbitration will
be reported to the Senate amended as ttie
committee may deem proper. The pend
ing amendments, therefoie, no longer ap
ply, unless they should be aeain agreed
upon by the committee and reported to
the Senate.
WBITE HOUSE GALA DAI.
Many Bund* Play While the A>te Orru-
pnnts Hold Keceptiont.
WASHINGTON, D. C, March 5.— A1l
the bands left in the city played in front
of'the White House to-day in honor of the
new President, while prominent men,
scores of o'A friends and members of po
litical clubs and hosts of visitors shook
hands with or passed in review before
him. Two only of the many who saw
President McKinley presented claims for
office.
It was a nasty day. Cold rain fell all
morning and until evening, and mado
things under foot very uncomfortable.
During the afternoon Mrs. McKiniey held
part of a reception, as prominent a part as
her fatigued system would permit.
She sat for an hour or so at one of the
windows of the mansion watching the
people file past. She was discovered in a
minute or two after taking position there
and lor the rpst of her stay was Kept bow
ing and smiling constantly to the saluta
tions from tnose below.
The string of callers began anew when
the President had finished his luncheon.
James A. Gary, the new Postmaster-
General, was one of the first to appear.
Colonel McCook of New York, who de
clined the tender of the Interior portfolio,
led a party of iriends. Colonel Bred Grant,
General Batcheller and Senator Thurstou
and a Nebraska delegation were also
among tuose who saw the chief executive.
A dinner party was giver, by the Presi
dent to-day to his younger relatives and
some others who came on to attend the in
auguration. To-morrow he will entertain
the older relatives at luncheon. Those
who were present to-night were Miss Mary
Barber, Miss Ida Barber, Miss Mabel Me-
Kinley, Miss Grace McKinley, James Mc-
Kinlev, Mr. and Mrs. Georee E. Morse of
San Francisco, Miss Sarah Duncnn, James
Barton, Sam Saxton, Mr. and Mrs. J. S.
McClaymonds and Mr. and Mrs. C. M.
Russell.
COMORtSSZOXA.I. CAVCIHES.
Republican* trill hmnminatx th* Pret-
ent House Official*.
WASHINGTON, D. C, March s.— The
caucus of the House Republicans on Sat
urday evening, the 13th inst., will lack
the usual element of interest, ll will be
heid to nominate the House officials of
the Fifty-rifth Congress, which convenes
on the following Monday, and as far as
can be learned the present official list will
be renominated without opposition.
It was reported several wenks ago that
the Illinois delegation would present a
candidate for sergeant-at-arms in opposi
tion to Mr. Russell, out the purpose seems
to have been abandoned. Thert* seems to
be no candidate in opposition to Mr. Reed
or the other officers, except for sergeant
at-arms.
The call for the Democratic caucus has
not been issued. The caucus will prob
ably be held on the morning of the 15tti
inst. There are three candidates for the
Spenkersnip — Messrs. Richardson and
McMiilin of Tennessee and Bailey of
Texas. The nomination will be only an
empty honor.
Call for a Republican C< ueun.
WASHINGTON, D. C. March 5.— A call
for a caucus of the Republican members
of the next House of Reprfsentatires for
March 13 was issued to-day.
34
REDWOOD CITY TO
FETE THE NATIVES
Elaborate Preparations for
the Grand Parlor's
Session.
Various Amusements to Relieve
the Monotcny of Routine
Wcrk.
Committees Laboring tc Fully Pro
vide for All Who Attend
the Meeting.
KEDWOOD CITY, UAL.. March s.— The
meeting of theGraiul Parlor of the Native
Sons of the Golden West, 10 be held in
Redwood City during the Jast week in
April, gives promise of being very success
ful. Ever since the decision of that body,
when in session at San Luis Obispo last
year, to ijold its next session at Redwood
City the members of the local parlor have
been quietly at work planning for the
event and as the date approaches their
energies are constantly increased ant their
enthusiasm intensified. Everything that
can possibly be don- to give the Native
Sons a grand reception and good ij me gen
erally is being done.
The monotony of the routine work of
the parlor will be enlivened by various
forms of amusement and entertainment.
Money is pouring in to the already large
iund, and even now enough has been sub
scribed and collected to carry out the
plans which the ways and means com
mittee had originally outlined; but as
more is added from time to time, the com
mittee will enlarge and vary its plans
accordingly. From the time tlie sub
scription paper was started, some two
weeks ago, the committee has succeeded
in raising something over $2000, and it is
safe to say that, at the very least. $1000
more will be added there:o before the
Grand Parlor convenes. At a meeting of
the local parlor here last night, the follow
ing sub-committees were appointed:
Reception committee— J. F. Coffee, C. D.
Hayward, J. T. O'Keefe, H. W. Schaberg, 1). K.
Stafford, W. P. McEvoy. W. J. Plump, G. P.
Hull, L J. Frank, A. D. Walsh, A. Kincaid, C.
N. Christ, J. O'touneil, George Joyce, T. H.
Kamsay, J. J. Malone.
Accommodation committee— G. P. Hull, A.
Kiucaid, M. 11. Thompson, J. A. Geuoehio. F.
\V. Glenuau.
Decoration committee— E. Wiicox, M. 11.
Thompson, W. Lovle, Dr. Villain, George
Learv.
Bah committee— D. R. Stafford, G. P. Hull,
M. H. Thompson, Gus Frohm, George Joyix-.
Banquet comruitiee—L J. Fr&uK.W. I. Mc-
Evoy, G. P. Hull, T. 11. Ramsay, H. W. Scha
berg.
Conveyance committee— T. n. Ramsay, C. D.
Haywaru, W. P. MeEvoy, J. Cullen, W. W. Bee-
SOD.
Souvenir and badffe committee— A. D. Waish,
J. F. Johnston, A. Kineaid, J. T. O'Keefe, H.
Buns.
Music committee— W. J. Plump, G. V. Hull,
W. P. McEvoy, P. Princevalle, J. iiudftelf.
Printing committee— H. W. tchaberc, C. D.
Haywa:d, E. Wiicox, Asa Hull, B. R. Stafford.
These have been appointed to assist the
general ways and Diemis committ?e. The
various committees have decided to give a
grand reception, open air concert and b3ll
as features of the session. The band
stand and seats lor the open air concert
will probably be arranged in front ot t:ie
.courthouse and opposite the new High
School building. The committee ia now
negotiating with one of the leading bands
of San Francisco to supply the music.
Another feature will probably be a drive
and inspection of the beautiful grounds
and residences of M*nlo Park and the
Stanford University, taking in the moun
tain scenery in and about Woodside on
the return trip. A picnic, clambake and
bullshead breakfast have been arrange ■
for also. Other and various forms of
amusement and entertainment, such as
banquets, tournaments and receptions,
wll! be added.
The accommodation committee is now
seeking for the most suitable quarters in
the city in which to place the delegates
when they arrive. Rooms in the hotels
have already been engaged and all accom
modations will have to be obtained
through this committee.
FRESNO HAISIN-GROWERS' ACT.
Will Send a Delegation to Washington to
Work for a Protect, ye
Tariff.
FRESNO, Cal., March s.— The leading
rai?in-growers and business men of Fresno
met this afternoon and heard the report
of the committee appointed at a meeting
yesterday regarding a p.'an of campaign
to have the du'.y on Zante currants in
creased from trie rate recommended by
the Ways and Means Committee. During
the past few years the Grecian currants
have been classed as dried grape 3 and
were subjected to the import duty of I}<
cents, which was the rate on raisins and
grape products. In the new tariff bill it
is proposed to take Zante currants from
the classification of dried grapes, on which
the new measura imposes a tariff of 2%
cents, and fix a separate tariff of only 1
cent a pound on them. Without sufficient
protection the foreign product would be a
strong competitor in this country with
home raisins.
The enactment of the recommendation
of the Ways and Means Committee would
be injurious to southern Caliiornia's
great Industry, and those who are vitally
interested are therefore taking steps to
make a strong contest tor a fair adjust
ment in the tariff schedule as far as it ai
fects them.
It is proposed to send a delegation, con
sisting of Dr. Chester Rowe.l. Colonel
William Forsyth, U. J. Woodward and
Arthur Briges, to Washington to work
nmong the Congressmen and convince
them of the error of the recommendaiion
of the Ways and Means Committee. A
finance committee will be set at work im
mediately to raise about $10,000 to defray
the expenses of tne delegation, to assist
which it is the purpose to enlist the ser
vices of ex-Congressman Bowers.
fremo Farmer*' Institute.
FRESNO, Cal., March s.— The second
day's session of the Fresno County
Farmers' Institute was more largely at
tended than that of yesterday. Pruiessor
M. E. Jaffa made a very interesting talk
on dairying, giving the farmers valuable
suggestions on the art of butter-making.
B. W. Rowiey spoke on "Diversified Farm
ing." "Poultry Raising" was the s.ibject
of an excellent paper by K. F. Mitchell
and the programme closed with a dis
course by J. P. Johnston on "Small
Fruits." The institute has been a success
ful one in every way.
La Orange Miner Hats loadntoolt.
MODESTO, Cal.. March s.— Another
death from eating toadstools occurred
here last night. Joseph Duount ate the
poisonous fungi at La Grange on Sunday.
Yesterday ha was brought to Modesto
for medical attendance. He died last
night. He was a native of France and
was engaged in mining.
Palo Alto Water Bond* Bold.
PALO ALTO, Cal., March s.— Palo Alto
disposed of us $40,000 water bonds yeater
day to J. F. Warren of Portland, Or. The
bonds were voted for at a popular election
last year. E. D. Vincent has been awarded
the contract to put in the water system,
and work will commence within ten day*.
The supply at present is inadequate for
the needs of tne town as a few recent
fires have demonstrated.
SAM PEDRO'S REAL ESTATE BOOM.
Property Purchased in the Morning Trebles
in Value Before the Sun
Goes Down.
LOS ANGEL.ES, Cal., March s.— The
excitement over raal estate transactions
at San Pedro consequent upon the deci
sion of the Harbor Commissioners desig
nating that port as the Bite for the deep
water harbor has had no parallel in
Southern California since the halcyon
days of the boom. The town is thronged
with strengeis, nearly all of whom are
bent on purchasing some of the precious
dirt in or near the village. The specula
tive fever has taken possession of the resi
dents, and every one is op the gui vive for
"pointers" as to ihe best locations.
Everybody seems to have money now to
purchase lots or tracts of land a: San Pe
dro. The wildest and most absurd stories
have been set afloat in ihe town by a
coterie of practical jokers as to the most
seductive snaps in real estate. In some
instances these yarns have been taken for
sober truths, and have resulted in pur
chases in the most unpromising portions
of the town. The appreciation in the
value of real estate at San Pedro has been
the most rapid ever known in Southern
California. Lots purchased in the fore
noon have been sold in the afternoon of
the same day at an advance of 300 per
cent.
The syndicate of which John T. Gaffey
is the head placed a large block of lots on
the market yesteiday afternoon, and fifty
of them were sold before sundown, men
standing in line for hours lor a chance to
buy.
PUZZLES VANCOUVER SPECIALISTS.
Alt Objects Upon Which Dora Marks Gazes
Appear to Her to Be Ups.de
Down.
VANCOUVER, B. C, March r j.— As
every one knows when ono looks through
* camera all objects in sight appear to he
upside down. There is a little girl in
Victoria whose eyes are to her like a
camera. Sh« sees all objects upside down
and she is the envy of her school males at
the Central public school, because during
her writing lesson her copy-book is placed
bottom side upward in front of her and
she writes wiin her left hand. If the
copy-book is placed in the usual way she
forms the letters with great difficulty.
The girl is Dora Marks, the 11-year-old
daughter of S. Marks. At her music
lesson the sehoolteacber must stand on
his head is he wishes to follow Dora ac
cording to the book, for the music is
placed on the rack upside down. When
Dora and her father read the nuwspaner
her father places it beiore him as ordi
nary people do, and Dora reads it directly
opposite him and upside down, as other
people don't. In fact the whole world is
upside down to Dora. Her case puzzles
specialists here, who claim that here is
the only one of its kind ever heard of or
chronicled.
BURGLARS AT WILLLAMS.
Three Business Houses in the Town
Visiied by a Band of Midnight
Prowlers.
COLUSA, Cal., March s.— The town of
Williams, ten milei-west of Colusa, was
visited by burglars last night and three
business houses were entered. The thieves
first turned their attention to the hard
ware-store of B. P. Grover.which they en
tered by cutting a hole through the bact
door, through which they put their hands
and threw back the lock. Here they ob
tained about $75 worth ot razors, knives
and pistols. Next they visited the post
office, where they succeeded in getting the
doer unlocked, but were unable to open it
because it was fastened with a wooden bar
across on the inside.
They gave up this attempt and crossed
the street to Peter Grazer's saloon, where
they again succeeded in unlocking a rear
door. They were preparing to ransack
the place when they were frightened away
by a man sleeping in an adjoining room,
who heard them and got up to investigate.
One of the robbers is believed to have
been "Billy the Kid," who robbed the
same store about a year ago. He wan seen
in the vicinity of Williams the day before
the robbery.
SPOKANE'S THRIFTY OFFICIALS.
Populists Elevated to Office Mora Their
Families Into the County
Courthouse.
SPOKANE, Wash., March 5.— A sen
sation has been created here by the dis
covery to-day that a number of recently
installed Populist county officials have
moved tbeir families into the big court
house and are there domiciled paying no
rent. All told nineteen people sleep,
cook and eat in the building-.
The overpowering smell from the cook
ing together with the presence of chil
dren about the corridors caused an in
vestigation to be made. It was then found
tuat five families of the officials ana
employes were inhabiting rooms in the
basement ami on the heretofore unoccu
pied top floor. The wife of one of the
employes is taking boarders from among
the employes in the building. Of the
Populist county commissioners, two
membsrs live some distance from the
city. They fitted up a vacant courtroom
as a sleeping-room for themselves. They
profess to see nothing wron^ in so doing.
HID Fit DIES JVBAJt rOICTLAXD.
Believed to Bare Much Wealth Burled
About Hi* But.
PORTLAND, Or., March s.— Joseph
Leonard, an aged hermit, bavin.: for
many years dwelt in an old hut about
twelve miles from here, is lying at the
morgue. Owing to his reputed wealth,
with the miser's habit of secreting it near
at band where he might gloat over it,
and also that he was involved in litiga
tion which was to be heard to-day in
Judge Shattuck's court, it was believed
by many of Leonard's neighbors that the
old hermit had met with violence.
Circumstances do not, however, go to
farther this belief. He was a man nearly
70 years of age, and taking into consider
ation his utter neglect of the most ordi
nary hygienic rules, the sparse, wretched
food which he allowed himself, with the
lick of proper clothing, it is to be won
dered at that Leonard survived this life
the length of years he did.
Leonard was an eccentric character,
alleged to have had no social relations
witn any one for the past twenty years.
It is said that almost ten years ago he
drew $12,000 out of a bank in this city,
and as his expenses amounted to less
than $100 a year it is presumed that the
money is cached somewhere near his late
place of habitation.
Shooting at Seattle.
SEATTLE, Wash., March s.— For beat
ing and abusing a woman ot the town
with whom he was drinking in a saloon,
Corporal William Murphy of Vancouver
barracks was shot and seriously wounded
at an early hour this morning by John
Fletcher, the proprietor oi the saloon. Tne
latter was drawn into the difficulty by the
woman's cries ior help.
The surest Cough cure Is Mr. D. J.iyne's Expec
torant; and even the money cost la less than for
most other remedies: It takes so little of it.
For constipation, take Jayne's Painless Sanative
pai*
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MARCH 6, I8i»7.
HEALTH IN MARCH, APRIL, MAY!
Use the Only Spring Remedy in the World
That Has Stood Every Test of Time.
PAINE'S CELERY COMPOUND MAKES ONE WELL !
In March, April and May use Paine's
celery compound.
And only Paine's celery compound! For
it is nature's remedy.
Do not for a moment confound it with
any of the ignorant, catcbpenny.short-lived
patent remedies — sarsaparillas, nervines
and tonics that bear as much resemblance
to Paine's celery compound as the parasite
vines do to the oaks that they live on.
Paine's celery compound cures disease.
It makes peoola well. It has saved the
lives of thousands of suffeiers. It makes
the weak strong.
It purities the blood and enriches the
nerves.
Every condition of winter life has been
detrimental to health. There has been a
steady decline in nervous vigor. Now that
spring comes the body is ready to cast off
unhealthy tissues if it is only given a
chance. This opportunity comes when
the excretory organs, kidneys, skin and
bowels are made to work actively and the
GREAT RACE FOR SAN JOSE.
Cyc/ist "Bunt" Smith Will Race Against a
Locomotive and Try to Beat tho
Mile Record. .
SAN JOSE, Cal., March 5.— C. M.
("Bunt") Smith, one of the crack riders
of the Garden City Cyclers, will ride a
rjile, paced by a locomotive, near Law
rence, ten miles west of this city, on May
% The object of this novel binycie feat is
to lower a similar railroad mile record
made by E. E. Anderson of St. Louis last
summer, who rode a mile in 1 :03.
All alona Smith has declared that he
could lower that record, and has been in
negotiation with the Southern Pacific offi
cials for some months concerning the
race. Last evening be received word that
the arrangements ior the test had been
completed mid the- date set for May 2.
The fastest engine owned by the road will
be assigned the tass of pacernaking.
The road between the rails will be
planked for a distance of three miles.
This will jrive the rider a mile to get up
speed, a mile in which to ride for a record
and a mile in which to slow up. The lo
comotive to be used will have two cars at
tached, and if necessaay a speed of a mile
in fifty seconds can be attained. The rear
end of the second car will be boarded up,
the boards reaching to within an inch of
the rails. The boards will be painted
black, but tnere will be white stripes
extending down the center to serve as a
euide for the wheelman following the
train.
"Bunt" Smith will soon begin training
for the event. He is confident he can go
the distance at first trial in at least live
seconds less than Anderson's time of 1:03.
He is a game and speedy rider, and
has demonstrated his racine ability in
many contests. In a five-mile road race
over the Milpitas course his time was 10 :20
flat, which time has never been beaten in
a road race on this coast.
The ride behind a locomotive will un
doubtedly attract several thousand people.
The Southern Pacific Company will run
excursions from all of the important
cities of Central California, and every
wheelman within a day's ride of Lawrence
will be on hand. As the affair will take
place just before the opening of the San
Francisco carnival, it is expected that sev
eral thousand Eastern pleasure-seekers
will come to Santa Clara County to witnesa
an attempt to lower the fastest bicycle
mile ever ridden on earth.
SANTA CLARA CATTLE-THIEF.
Officers Arrest a Youth After He Has
Disposed of Stolen
Stock.
SAN JOSE, Cal., March s.— Alphonse
Roberts, a young Spaniard, was arrested
by Sheriff Lyndon this morning on a
charge of stealine nine head of cattle from
J. M. Kenyon, a rancher near Smithi
Creek. A few days ago Roberts offered to
sell the cattle to G. Wendte, a butcher,
and the latter notified Sheriff Lyndon.
Wendte was instructed to continue nego
tiations with Roberts and a trap was set
for the thief's capture. Roberts was paid
$25 down and was to be given the balance
on the delivery of the cattle. The stock
was turned over to Wendte at his place on
the Mount Hamilton road last evening,
and tiiis morning he came to town with
Roberts to pay over the money.
They went to Greenfield's grocery, on
the corner of First and St. John streets,
where Sheriff Lyndon and Under Sheriff
Bemon were awaiting them, and in the
presence of the officers Roberts signed a
bill ot sale for the ca:tle and accepted a
check for $122 6U. As soon as the sale was
accomplished Roberts was arrested by
Sheriff Lyndon. Others are implicated id
the theft, among them F. Sagardia, the
stepfather of the prisoner, and more ar
rests will probably be made.
J. M. Kenyon, the owner of the cattle,
swore to a warrant before Justice Dwyer
to-day charging Roberta with, grand
larceny.
WISE I' RICES XIXED.
Action Taken by the > tint a Clara Hine
. .-'. .. . Maker*' Astotiation.. , . \C\
SAN JOSE, Cal., March s.— The Santa
Clara < County Wine-makers' Association,
at a largely attended meeting in this city
yesterday afternoon, agreed upon 20 cents
per gallon as the minimum price at which
members, shall dispose of their vintage.
This price is the same as that set for wine
last year, and the action was taken owing
to the disposition of some of the members
to sell . at a ' lower rate. : ' The ■ ■ general
opinion of those present was that the
market was in a much better condition
than for several years and there were pros
pects lor increased prices. ■ '
A resolution -was adopted asking the
president of the California Wine-makers'
Corporation to call a meeting ol the stock
holders for the purpose of discussing the
wine industry and to agree upon a uni
form minimum price for the year's prod
uct. Colonel Bendel, president of . the
Wine-makers' Corporation, who was pres
ent, stated that he would call a meeting
for some day next week in the Chamber
of Commerce building in San Francisco.
.Found Dead in a Barn.
SAN JOSE, Cal., March s.— Joseph
Ihisenmeyer, an old resident of Santa
Clara, was found dead this morning m *
nerves are able to furnish sufficient energy
to the digestive organs.
No remedy in the world accomplishes
these results like Paine's celery compound.
It nburishes, regulates and invigorates the
entire nervous system, from the brain to
the minutest nerve filament. It causes an
increased appetite and tones up the
stomach to deal with the increased food.
Its nourishing action is immediately
manifest in a clearing up of the muddy,
unhealthy skin, an increase in weight and
more refreshing sleep.
First discovered after laborious, scientific
research by the ablest physician America
has produced — Professor Edward E.
Pheips, M.D., LL D., of Dartmouth Col-
lege — it is prescribed and publicly indorsed
by the best practitioners in every city of
America. It has been so enthusiastically
recommended by graiefulmen and women
in every walk of life that it is to-day in
every sense the most popular remedy the
world ever knew.
It has proven itself the greatest of all
sprine medicines.
In ~JN'ew York, Chicago, Philadelphia,
room in a barn he occupied. Death re
sulted from old age, exposure and alco
holism. He was a native of Germany,
aged 75 years.
It AS I) >It O MlA'iy O veal.
Ttco Coloradan* Purchase Three Claims
on liutte Mountain.
RANDSBURG, Cai*, March 5.— A group
of three claims on Butte Mountain, con
sisting of the Excelsior, J I C and the
Big Wedge, was to-day sold to J. J.
Brown and J. A. Shinn of Colorado. The
price Daid for all was $31,000 cash. Messrs.
Brown and Shinn arrived here about
three months ago and at once identified
themselves with ihe-camp and district by
buying several prospects. Soon they were
attracted to tue above group and con
cluded to buy. A force of men wili be put
to work at once, snafts will be sunk, and
83 soon as rieoessary machinery will be
be added. Probably this will be one of
the greatest enterprises started in this
camp for sometime and will place a lot of
money in circulation.
BBJPUBZICAX CITI COSTEMiIOy.
Harmony Prevail* and a Strong Ticket
It dominated.
FRESNO. Cal., March s.— The Repub
licans held a municipal convention yester
day and nominated the following ticket:
For City Trustee— Second Ward, G. J.
Cmycroft; Fifth WaPfi, Joseph Spinney.
For City Marshal, M. L. Woey; Clerk, J.
W. Sbanklin; Assessor, J. ?.!. Collins;
Recorder, M. V. A«h brook; Attorney,
Lewis H. Smith; Treasurer, Charles H.
Swett; for members of Board of Educa
tion — C. L. Walter, George A. Noble and
Samuel L. Hogu?.
The convention was harmonions and
transacted its business with dispatch.
The Republicans consider tnat they have
placed a very stron.- ticket in the field.
Kailtvay to ttandsburg.
RANDSBURG, Cal., March s.— Jonn
Benair, superintendent of the Santa Fe
system, said to-day that a railroad would
soon be constructed to Randsburg. Brook
lyn capitalists are willing to invest sev
eral hundred thousand dollars in a desert
railroad.
Hailway to the fiitltim 3/inm.
SEATTLE. Wash., March s.— ln order
to better handle the output, the Everett
and Monte Cristo Railroad has decided to
build a branch extending from the main
line at Granite Falls some thirty miles
into the Sultan ana Silverton mining dis
tricts.
Wnytird in l.o* Angele*.
RANDSBURG, Cai-., March s.— Captain
C. A. Peer, a prominent Colorado mining
man, now located at Kramer, is detained
here on a telegram from Los Angeles
charging him with obtaining money un
der false pretense*.
TOY'S VEGETABLE SARSAPARILLA
" will bring to your cbeek the pink of
health, the roses of life.
JOY'S VEGETABLE SARSAPARTLLA
takes away the surplus bile and leaves
the liver in perfect order. It is a truelivei
regulator.
TOY'S VEGETABLE SARSAPARILLA
0 acts on the bowels gently. There are
no griping pains, no nauseating feelings.
Women who wish to be regular should use
Joy's Vegetable Sareaparilla. It is a boweJ
regulator.
CATARRH FOLLOWS IN THE WAKE
of a cold in the head. When you suffer
from Catarrh put your system in good
condition, and this you cau do with Joy'i
Vegetable Sarsaparilla.
DON'T TAKJS A. SUBSTITUTE.
Boston, St. Louis and two or three other
large cities the leading newspapers, mak-
ing their own canvasses again this year,
have found that the demand for Paine's
celery compound surpasses that of all
other remedies together.
Payne's celery compound, taken during
the early spring days, has even more than
its usual remarkable efficacy in making
people well. It makes short work of dis-
ease. It rapidly drives out neuralgia,
sleeplessness, dyspepsia and rheumatism
from, the system. It removes that lassi-
tude or "tired feeling," which betokens
weakened nerVes and Door blood.
Women working in close offices; sales-
women, tired oat an>i nervous from long
hours' standing on their feet and waiting
on impatient, irritating customers; over-
worked, worried ana disheartened men
and women everywhere, will be astonished
to find how much happier life becomes
when their nerves have been strengthened
and their blood purified by means of this
great remedy.
No other remedy has the hearty ap-
proval of a like body of educated men and
women and professional men, nor has
A practicing physician in Shelbyville relates that his atten-
tion was first directed to
by a brother doctor while on a visit to the National Capi-
tol at Washington, D. C, some years ago. " 1 first used
the Tabules myself experimentally," says the Illinois
doctor, '' and derived such benefit from them that I at once
adopted them as a part of my medical armormentarium.
They have given great satisfaction and in one case where
the stomach was infected by large stomach worms, the
Tabules destroyed the worms and expelled them, greatly
to my surprise and also to the permanent relief of my
patient."
MISCELLANEOUS. i
PRARITP CUE 1 AC PIMI F^TITP
PROBATE ; SALE VI REAL ESTATE.
ESTATE OF JULIA nORRISON, DECEASED,
AT AUCTION.
Wednesday March 10. 1897,
At 12 o'clock m. a: the salesroom of
BOVEE, TOY & SONNTAG,
.Real Estate Agents and Auctioneers,
30 Montgomery St., opp. Lick Mouse.
£90-834 SACRAMENTO ST., NORTH -SIDE,
\JiIA 137:6 ft. east of Kearny, east »4:4y 2 x
119:6, through to Commercial, with Improve-
ments thereon, consisting of a 3-story and base-
ment brick building renting for $210 per month.
Qin VALENCIA ST., W. SIDE, 105 SOUTH
i/1" of ViUth, lot 35x110 it.; improvement*
thereon, 3-story frame building rentinc for $100
per month. This property hus a great future ami
will enhance in value. . .
TOT ON NORTH bIDK OF LOMBARD ST.,
lJ 137:6 feet enst of Buchanan, cast 54x137:6
feet: tbii is a line lot to build on, having a quod
view. • ■ ' . - " • .:•• ". -■. - ■ ,- ■ •
FILLMORK-ST. LOT, EAST SIDK, 85 FEET
S? north of Lombard, then re north 5^:6 feet,
east 137:6 feet, south '37:6 feet to the north side
of Lombard, thence west 27:6 feet on Lombarl,
thence north 85 feet, wtst 110 feet to east side of
i'illmore. ■
r\ REKNWICH - ST. . LOT, SOUTH SIDE,
Vjr 152:6 5-16 feet wen of Buchanan, west 122:7jc
120 feet tiirou'.'h to l'ixley St.; this lo; Is ready to
build on and finely located.
pHESTNDT-ST. : LOT, SOUTH ' SIDE. 137:6
\J feet east of Laguna; size 68:9x137:6 feet; 1-16
Interest. .. . .
/"t REENWICH-BT. LOT % SOUTH SIDE, 162:6
\X feet west of Gough st., west 7& by 110 feeu
lAGUJJA-ST. LOT,. BEING THE NORTH-
-I west corner of Lombard St., size 30x110 feet;
one-sixteenth interest. ...
A LSO IN AND TO AN UNDIVIDED INTER-
.'V est held by tee above estate in a certain tract
of land situated in the City and County of ba.i
i'rancisco and known as the Klckett claim.
All sales subject to confirmation of
Probate Court. ':■■■■
I BOVEE, TOY A SONNTAO.
■ Real Estate Agents and Auctioneers,
30 Montgomery St.. opp. Lick Hou»».
I A>ERMAN C EN°f CURE 1
' 5 of the most obstinate cases of Gonorrhoea and S
I < Gleet, guaranteed lln from 3to 6 days ; no s
C other treatment required, and without the nau->
I C teatinß results of dosing ■with Cnbebs, Copaiba >
I C or Sandal-Wood. J.Ferre & Co., (successors to
sBrou\. Pharniaclen, Parii. At sll drupelets. ?
Pennyroyal pills
ENNYROYAL PILLS
P -fiTtv f"■ Original **4 Only •*■■!■«. ~' ' A ;
J~dt fTv\ '■•*»«. »Jw»j« rell«bl«. UkDica aak A\
fiJIJFSm. Drafgirt tor Ckichufri *n«li«* /H«jffV\
fgffilt^g^mond Brand la Bed tad Gold metallic
i a — OlMJhoiei. utled with bint ribbon. . Talc* VST
TH 94 other. d*ni*roui rulit-.:'* V
I/ - nft'OTu and imitation!. At OraffiiU, « Mod 4*
|», rt' : Jr In nmnipt for J»rtia»i»n. Mttaoaiali ul '
\V O "K«Uef for Ladlea." in Uutr. b,r rctara
<-\^ IT MalL 10,000 TaMlmMiali. San* Aur.
there ever been a remedy that was wel-
comed in so many intelligent, prudent
homes where pains is taken to get only
the best in so vital a matter. In such
families all over the country Paine's cel-
ery compound is the first, last and only
remedy used.
Prof." Phelps had studied the nerves Jn
health and disease, when well nourished
and when under-nourished, in men and
women and children years before he
locked for the remedy. Paine's celery
compound is the outcome of his entire
professional life. It is the one remedy
that the world could not lose to-day at
any price.
Paine's celery compound induces the
bouy to take on solid flesh.
Physicians recognize Paine's celery com-
pound as the one scientific spring remedy,
and it is universally prescribed by them
wherever there is yreat need of a vigorous
and prompt restoring of health and
strength to the worn-out system.
Paine's celery compound is the best
spring remedy because it is more than a
mere spring lemedy. It brings about a
healthy appetite, complete digestion, re.^-
RAILROAD TRAVEL^
SM FRASCISCO & NORTH PA-
CIFIC RAILWAY CO.
Tlbaron Ferry-Foot of Market St.
San Francisco to San Rafael.
WEEK PAYS— 7:3O, 9:00, 11:00 a. v.: '13:3%
8:30, 6:10, 6:30 p. x. Thursdays— Extra trip
° 11:30 p. x. Baturdays— Extra trips M l:sd
and 11:30 p. m. '• ■
SUNDAYS— B:OO, 9:30, 11:00 a. X.; 1:30, 3:3* ;
l>:00. t>:2o p. x.
San. Rafael to s»n Franclnco.
WEEK DAYS— 6:IS, 7:60, 9:'-'O, 11:10 a. x.-
-12:45, 3:40, 5:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trtpf
at 1:55 p. K. aad 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:IO, 9:40. 11:10 a. M.: 1:40, 3:4%
6 :00, 6 :25 P. M.
Between San Francisco and Sohuetzen Park sam»
echednle as above. - ..■■■■ . , ■
Leave ,_.»„,» Arrive ■ v;;-|
San Francisco. Oct. 14? San Franalacq
Days. I days, destination. PAY^ | DATa-
-7:30 am \ 8:00 am Novato, 10:40 am 8:40 am
3:30 9:30 am Petaluma, 6:10 pm 10:25 am
6:10 6:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:35 PM 6:22 PX
■■■ • ■■• ■■• ■ ■ • . Falton, : - ■ ' • ; . •
7:30 am Windsor, 10:25 am
Healdsburg,
i.ytton,
Geyser vlllo, . '■ *
. 8:30 PM 8:00 ax Cloverdale. 7:55 pm 6:23 px
v ~~>. Pieta, . . .-"-. '■ ■ ..• ■
I . Hopland <& ■ . .
7:30 am I 8:00 am '■ Ukiah. 7:35 pm 6:22pm
7:3oam " - " -. . ■■ -■' .'•■■ 10:25 AM
8 -.00 am Guernevllle. . 7:35 fm
3:30 PM • •.■•-•;-•.,■ 6 :22 pm
7:30 am 8:00 At; Sonoma 10:40 am 8:40 ax
■ and • : : '.-■' - • ' ■"■
6:10 pm 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. 6:10 6:22
7:30 am 1 8:00 AMI sehaßtonol' 110:40 AMI 10:2^ AM
3 :30 pm 1 5 .00 pm| heD »B tO P | 6:10 pm | 6:22 PX
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for . Marie West
Springs; lat Geyserville for Skates Springs: at
Cloverdale for the Geysers; atPietafor Highland
Springs, Kelseyville, Soda Bay and lAkeport; at
Hopland for Lakeport and Bart) ett Springs; at
Ukiah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga Springs, Blao
Lakes, Laurel Bell Lake, Upper Lake, Homo, Potter
Valley. John . Day's, Riverside, Llerley's, Buck-
nell's, Sanbedrin Heights. HullvUln. Booneville,
Greenwood, , Git's Hot Springs. Mendoclno City,
Fort Bragg, Westport, Usal, • wuietg. Cahto, Co-
velo, Layionviile, Harris, Scotia and Eureka.
, Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets atreduoed
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all points be-
yond San Rafael at half ran*. . '■-';;:■. '
Ticket Offices, 650 Market St., Chronicle butiaiaj.
A. W. FOSTER, R. X. RYAJ»,
Vteu. and Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass, Agent.
THESIS FRISCISCO \.\ > SAS JOAQDII
VALLEY RAILWAY COIIPAW.
F^, M ru J n A daU U y^ V ' **' 1897 PMSenger "**
southbound. Stations. " Northbound
■ 7:20 a. x. ."..... Stockton ...... 6:40 p. m.
9:49 a. x. ...Merced.. 3:14 r x,'
. ll:tO ax.:.. ....::.. Fre5n0.. ......... 1:10 p. m.
: ■■'' For Intermediate stations see tlm«-t»bLe-
Connecting steamboats of the C. >N. & I. Cv
'eav<» San-Fan Isrp » rt kt .n at 6 P. M. dally.
McMUNN'S f^Oll Bft/i
elixir OF vr BURI
The pure essential extract from the native dru* Con. '<
tains all the valuable medicinal properties of Oriim
•without ;JU noxious elements.. No sickness r.f Mom;., hi
i no vomlt.ng ;no coatlveneas; no headache. All Drun, r i»ts.
•"■"■■•■■■"■■■■■•nßßl
■-. - ' .■■■■ '. ..
ular action of the bowels and the other
excretory orpans whenever taken, whether
in summer or in winter, but as the great-
est of spring remedies it has extraordi-
nary opportunities for inducing the body
to throw off morbi 1 humors tnnt poisoa it
and cause rheumatism, neuralcia, heart
trouble and a general low state of tha
health, as in sprins the system is mora
pliable and chronic diseases so securely
lodsrea in the system that they are with
difficulty ousted become more tractable.
Thousands of men and women have
found from personal experience that
Paine'3 celery compound makes people
well, and keeps all from sickness who
take it in the sprinc.
Many a father and mother have noticed
the unmistakable improvement in the
health of their children from taking
Paine's celery compound in the spring.
It is the one scientifically accurate reny
edy fitted by its composition to thoroughly
purify the blool and dispel that exhausted
fee line and get rid of skin disease?, head-
aclies and fits of depression wi:h which
children with weak, nervon* systems, as
well as grown people, are afflicted.
RAILROAD TRAVEL
WAVE I UOVFEBEI'ARY 15, 1897 | ABEITI
SOtlTlir.KN i-A<:iric COnPAKT.
VV' ; (PACJiriO HVSTtM.) I
'Irnlni !«•«>«• ttn<l lira <ln« t» t»rrl at,
MAM ITUAM€IM€W.
'=:O»< Silts, San Jose and Way StaMons... n:*9\
":«>Oa Atlantic Kxpress, ()g>len and I'lafct.. 5:4-1?
Benicii, VacariUe, Rumsey. Sacra-
.. mento. Ororille and Bedding | via
• l>HTh O:*Sp
T:8«a Martinez, San Ramon, Vallejo, Napa, '
■ (Jalistoga and Santa Rosa •'*»•
■:3OaNIIm, Ban Jose, Stockton, lone,
.Saerau;euto, Marysrille, Chico,
Tehaina and Red -*iI»P
•8:»Oa Peters and Mi1t0n.......... *7:13*
1 'Ji«i»a N«w Orleans ICxiirms, Raymond (for'
Yossmito), 1 ri-sno, liakerslield,
SiinU Uarbara, 1 .us Ain;elc«, Dem-
!ng," £1 Paso, New Orleans and •
East 4«45f
!»^>Oa Slartiaez and 5t0ckt0n......... 4«45p
<J:OOa Vallbjo 6:13P
Nilus, San J«2e, Livennoro and ,
Stockton.; 7:15P
•l:OOp Baoramauto IliTer Steuiners 'OiOOp
l:OOp Kites, San Jose and livermore ' 8:43 a
fl:39r Port Costa and Way Stations........ 17:43*
4:00 - Martinez, San lCaiuon. Vallejo.
- Napa, Calistoga, I.l Verano and
Santa | 9:15 a
4:»Or Benicia, Vacaville, Woodland,
Kr.ights Landing, Mirysville, <)ro-
rlHe and Sacramento 11:13 a
4:3<>r Lathrop, Stockton, Modesto, Mer.
■ oed and Fresno, going via Klles,
returning via Martina 11:434
O:OOr IjO3 . Angel«s Kxpress. - Tracy,
Fresno, Santa Barbara and Los ' 7. •_'' ;
AiiKel«3.... ....\ '• A
SKKIp Santa l''u Route, Atlantic Ktpress -, ..
for Mojara and Kiist • 45
«:O«p Kuropeaii Mail, Ogdun and East.... , 0: 15 \
6:OOp Ha/vrnrds, Nilesand San Jose , 7:45*
t7:OOr VaUcjo ...... V.;.../....V *7i4S»
. 7:00 i" Oregon J'zpms, Sacramento,. JVWr>« .." . .r *
. . \ille. Redding. Portland. . liuges ' •
r ' ■ Sound and Kast Ilil3i
<|lOiO*r " Sunset limited." Fresno, • Los
•■ •■ ■ Angeles, Bl Paso, New Orleans
atlfßast .•...tl«^--vr
_ SAM A CKI'Z 1>1VI»IO> (Narrow «auge>.
1 H:l."ja Newark,<:«iit*r»iUo.Haii.l»»e,Kelton,
Boirld ?r Creek, Santa Cruz and Way
Stations... oi3o
•*:10p Newark. Centerrille, Ban Jose, New
Alinaden, Felton, linuldor Creole,
■ ■ Santa Cms and Principal Way
Stations.... .....*JIt3OA
4 1 1 A i> Newark, San Joss and Los < to» . . . 0:30 a
f11:43p Hunters' Excursion. San Jose and
' . Way Stations |7raOf
COAST IH VISION (Third ft TowiiHtnd Stw.)
0:43 a San Jose anil Way Stations (New
Almaden Wednesdays 0n1y)....... I*lo*
i SilSa San Jose, Tres J'inos. Hanta (nil. _
Pacific Grove. Paso Rubles, Baa 9
1 iii is Obi3p<>. C.uadalupe, Surf and
Principal Way Stations 7:0l»p
- I Oi4Oa San Jose and Way Stations 3:O0c
I1:3Oa Palo Alto and Way Stations...;... 3:30»
•2i3or Ssn Mateo, Menlo Park, Nan Jose, -
. . Gilroy, Tres Vinos, Hauta Cm:,
, Bali na3, Monterey and I'ncllieQrovo "|O:1O\
*:t::iOp San Jose and Way Stations ........ S:S5.\
•I:SOi'SaD Teseand Way Stations •«:O.'»a
5:: SO i- Sa. . Jose and Principal Way Stations «H:4s\
O:.-fOp San Jose aud Way Stations oi33a
lIIiOp Ban Jose and Way Stations 17:1.">r
SAX LKAXUKO AM) HVY\VARI>S LO<!AL.
i«0:0Oa '. ■' r 7 7:1
8:0Oa I 1»:4.1.v
iHSa I Kelrow, Seminar, P»rk, %&*
'"IS*? ntrhb.rg,S.nL««dr. »*}•*
»:00p An d ■. ' . 4:45p
4:OOp " a "1 3:4.1?
3:OOp Harwarda. 6:13p
5:30p H«TTTaru». 7j4;Sii
7:«>Op H:4si
*:OOp :_" . " __ 0:45?
0:00p ♦ Runs through to Nues. io:3Oi>
tt«l:» P/ l iFromNlles. ' / [ tlia.-W»p
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
from SAS FRIHCISCO— Foot of Market Street (Slip 8)— .
•7:15 - ' 9:00 11:00 a.*. tI:M »3:30 13:03
•4:00 • ■■:;■ J5.:00 •6:00 •■*--■
from 01IL1ID— Ft>ot of Bro«(J t .. . ' : 00 . 8.-03
. 10:00 a.m. t12:3fl »1:QO »:00 »3^o -t»X9
*s:Qop.m. _^ • ■
A for Morning. ; \ P for Afternoon.
1 Sundays excepted. • . i Saturdays oulj.
■ • I Sundays only. • -■ •..-,.
; ft Monday. Thursday and Saturday nights only.
VTueulays and Saturdays. I Sundays and Thu id arm. '
Atlantic ■ t @gjj|*\
Trains leave naJ arrir* at|S|^^^^^^
SASTA EXPRESS. «^t^^^
Io Cb^caso^vla^A. Jfc -*.^^^^^s^
leaves da a;o:jO r. M..carrvlnf Pullman Pal at* '
Craw ng-room and Modern UprfoUtwS? ToirtS?
Bieeping-cars, which run dally through to Cluca^a
I«uU_*^^ — Al ? nex «*? *w. D*B»«r aai 8u
iio»Lon Excurstons, - via Kansas city, Chicago
!VSIu? the wwu MounUkln « l « ;v ' '•*©
The - best ranway ' from California to tb« Bait,
*? "^l* Dew l 1 * 1^ BO *o«t: lnt«restln« scenajy,
ana good meals in Harvey •« dining-rooms. . , -Tt*
San Francisco Ticket Office, 644 Market
SORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD:
(Via Sausalito Ferry).
Jfrom Ban Francisco, Commencing Sepu 13, 183 i
-. WEEKDATB. '*'.*
For Hill Valley ana San 1 Raraol— •7:2s, •9 •15.
-11:00 a. m.: -1:45. 3:45, •6:ls.*S:4ft,«:SoV__.
Extra trips for San Kafael on Mondays. Wednes-
days and Saturdays at 11 :30 p. m. "rrTj
•■ ; -'-. : ■ :,• .' BUXDAYB. ■"."■ ■:.'* -. ■■;• ,
For Mill Valley and Bun Rafael— •B:oo, •10-00
•11:30 >. m. ; *I,SO. 3:00, U^JO. 6-lßr v. ■
Trains marked •run to tun Quentln. ~ ■■' ■
W THROUGH TRAINS.
For Point Reyes and way statlons-7'2» _v
Weekdays, 8 K»0 a. * Sundays. 1:45 p. * S « u^
d.^ri:r 6 d rH* n . d a^da 8 y a . MOM - 7:26 « * «*
MOUNT TAMALPAIS.
WEEK 'DAY a-Leave 8. P. 9:11 aT it 1,45 ,' w
*_TT«^*iH;? ln f- Arrlve »• *• 3:25 it ; 6.20 I' 5
BUNDAYS-l J e*vea.F.BA.K ll:8O_:_i. itS/i^TRAINING
IMPEDED
BY SNOW
Heavy Storm Compels the
Fighters to Change
Methods.
ROADS AROUND CARSON
BLOCKED.
Indoor Work Will Take Pre
cedence for £ome Time
to Come.
ONE THOUSAND WOMEN TO SEE
THE FIGHT.
Admission Tick ts for th" Fair Sex
Are in Dem nd-Fi zummoas'
Second B ack Eve.
CARSON, Xkv., March 5.— A was
this afternoon cast over the training
camps of the two famous pugilists who
are soon to battle for the world's cham
pionship. The weather clerk is to blame
for it all. We were awakened this morn
ing by a rattline of shutters and sough
ing of trees, and the oldest in
habitants inlormed us that something
was coming off. Just wnat this some
thing was to be they hesitated to say, but
from their iolemn expressions of counte
aanie it was more than obvious that they
looked for more serious results than tho^e
usually left by a passing zephyr. As the
day greß' older the blow increased in vio
lence until it finally reached a stage when
there could no longer be any doubt as to
what was in store. A snowstorm was
plainly in sight. For a time the opti
mists of Carson beseeched the tenderfeet
not to worry, and told them that if they
FITZ TRIES OUT HIS WHEEL WITH RESULTS AS ABOVE.
were patient they would witness a calm, '
and after that more of the pleasant
weather that has been enjoyed during the
past week.
"It's only one of those winds that come
along opportunely at this time of the year
and dry up the roads," they would say.
But predictions and customs were swept
away by this wind— a wind that would
have made envious the historical big wind
in Ireland, and along about 4 o'clock this
afternoon flakes of snow began to flit into
town and into the faces of pedestrians.
There has been no cessation of the visita
tion, and to-night Carson is cloaked in a
mantle of immaculate white.
But to return to the beginning. This
eudden and unexpected change in the
weather has sent sadness and disappoint
ment into both training camps. And no
wonder, for it practically means an end to
road work in tne open air — branch of
the preparatory work whicti the handlers
of both Corbett and Fitzsimmons liave
deemed most important of late. Both of
the big fellows delight to take a spin on
their Dikes, in addition to getting out on
dry roads for sprinting matches with their
trainers, but to-night's change means that
they will have to be content with Arcti:
shoes and furs in preference to bikes and
spikes.
• This sudden reversal of climatic condi
tions has given rise to much animated dis
cussion in all parts of Carson as to which
of the two big iellows will suffer most by
the new conditions. The consensus of
opinion is that It will work more to the
advantage of Corbett than to that of Fitz
simmons. The reason given is this: When
both Corbett and Fitzsimmons arrived the
snow was a foot or more deep for miles
and miles surrounding Carson. The Cali
fornian immediately elected to do only
indoor work and his trainers acquiesced,
not particularly for their own convenience
so much as for the safety of the cham
pion. Corbett himself said at the time
that inasmuch as he was in a strange
climate he would prefer not to take any
chances in exposing himself and woul i
rather do all of his training indoors and
go Into th ring without colds or rheuma
tism than to give anybody a chance to say
that he was unfit for the battle and de
liberately threw down his friends and
backers. >
But not so with Fitzsimmons. The red
headed athlete proclaimed at once that
snow was as propitious for training as was
the dry ground, and, although he was de
prived oi the pleasure he could have with
his erratic bicycle, he included a daily
trudge through the snow in his routine of
work auU stuck to it until the thaw had
set in and the roads become clear.
It is the knowledge of the preferences of
the two championship aspirants in regard
to training in the snow that has caused all
the discussion that is going on to-night.
If the storm continues with the violence
'hat characterizes it now, it simply means
that the roads will not be clear again until
alter the 17th of March. It may be that
Corbett will not adhere to his original an
nouncement that he would taKe no
chances out in the snow and that he will
adopt Fitzsiminons' tactics and brave the
elements rather than sacrifice the benefits
to be obtained by exercise out in the free,
open air.
He will have to fight with only the blue
sky over his head, an! the more outdoor
work he gets the better it will be for dim.
I am fully aware of just what James J.s
ideas are on this subject, for he has fre
quently unbosomed himseif to me during
his stay here. What he fears more than
anything else is thut he might meet with
some injury or contract a cold, or have
something happen winch' would leave
room for excuses for his defeat, if defeat
should be his portion, and for that reason
he has even refused to skylark with his
visitors or to venture out of doors at night,
or in fact to tak .* any chances whatever.
"If lam beaten in this contesi,' 1 he said
to me one day, "I want so be in a position
to tiike off my hat and say that my defeat
was due to the simple fact that I met a
better man and nothing more. I have
been trying to corral this man Fitzsim
mons in the ring for three years, and I
mean to whip him or disappear from the
Dublic gaze entirely. If I am in proper
condition I know I can whip him— l have
always known it.
'•I am in perfect form right now to
achieve the victory and I do not feel that
I have th° r sht, in view of the fact that
my friends are goinj: to wager $1,000,000
on my chances, to expose my-elf or take
the slightest risK of reversing that form.
I know myself better than anybody, ana
while I acknowledge that constant out- j
door work is beneficial, still I am equally
confident that I can eet ready for the bat
tle without going out and contracting
pneumonia or some other malady that
will unfit me for thecomingengagernent."
Jim made this little talk nearly a fort
night ago, when neither Billy Delaney
nor Charley White, his chief trainer, were
here. It may be that they will insist upon
outdoor work in spite ol the snow, and in
that event Corbett may change his mind.
I know that both of these trainers are
ereat sticklers for this class of work and I
can scarcely believe that a loot or so of
snow will cause them to abandon their
hobby. I would not be surprised, there
iore to see the champion out climbing
over drifts to-morrcw, encased in gum
boots and furs and feeling his way with an
Alpine staff.
Fiizsimmons goes out In his ordinary
clothing and romps and rolls in the snow
like a schoolboy, cut this dees not mean
that he is proof against the treachery of
the climate. He has already picked up
one severe cold during his training as the
result of his daring, and may find another
that will inconvenience him on St. Pat
rick's day.
The training induced in by the big fel
lows to-day was much the same as that
wiich lias been going on right along.
Fitzsimmons prowled around the hills
durini: the forenoon, then tramped into
town for his mail and in the afternoon
went through his course of bag-punching,
boxing, wrestling and working the wrist
machine.
When the Cornishman arrived in town
the first thing that was noticed as regards
his appearance was the fact that his left
optic looked as thoush somebody had been
ornamentine it with a hit of burnt cork.
This I ascertained was the handiwork of
Dan Hicker. B )b's boxing partner. Fitz
simmons sported a discolored eye last
week, also a present from Hickey, but it
did not pass beyond the carmine stage;
but this last one is of the full-fledged
variety and will probahly adhere to the
Cornishman's countenance until the day
of the big light. It bothers Bob not a
trifle, however; in fact, he seems rather
proud of it.
"It mean?," he said in his usual off
hand way to-tiay, '\hat when I box with
my trainers they have no instructions to
go easy, as I have reason to believe is the
case out at Shaws Springs. My boy= are
told to lay it on the best they know how,
and you can bet that they do it. In con
sequence I get some action and get used to
hard knocks. You see lam training for h
riehtand not a nice little parlor exhibi
tion. And I sail into my men as if I mean
to rut them out, and they expect it.
Look at that eye on Roeber. Isn't that a
peach?"
Corbett was out on the road, too, during
the forenoon, taking about a nine-mile
tramp- After luncheon he punched the
bag, boxed, played hand-ball, worked the
wrist machine and skipped the rope. It
was about the heaviest day's work he did
this week. Now that his wife and sister
have returned to San Francisco he has
started in to finish uj> his training with
more zeal than ever, and from the appear
ance of things the only iear his trainers
wili have is that he might do too much
work.
Dan Stuart did not come out for a sun
ning to-day, as has been the case sincn he
reacned a convalescent state. The weather
was too threatening and his doctors or
dered him to stay indoors. As a matter of
fact the genial, big Texan is not round
in-.'-to as rapidly as had been hoped for.
The effects of the pneumonia still cling to
him, and his friends are beginning to
doubt seriously whether he will be well
and strong enough to take charge of the
big carnival on the 17th of March. But
he has able assistants, and even if he is
forced to keep in his apartments the great
project will be carried through success
fully Just the same.
There is no longer any doubt about the
intention of many women to attend the
Corbett- Fitzsiramons contest. The first
ticket to admit a woman was sola to the
wife of a prominent Carson resident sev
eral days ago. She will accompany her
husband and occupy a box close to the
ring.
Since then applications have come in
for over fifty seats for women—appli
cation^ coming from various parts of the i
United States— and Secretary Wheelock j
says ie is confident that on the <ln y of the
contest there will be at least 1000 of the
fair sex present.
Escorteti by Architect Donohoe I spent
nearly an hour to-day in the arena where
the three big battles are to be fought.
The structure ia so near completion now
that one can form a fair idea of what a
mammoth affair it is. It is a ventoble re
production of the famous Coliseum of
Rome, except that it is more circular in
form that oval shaped. I climbed over
the seats to the very last row in order to
ascertain what sort of a view one could
obtain from that poiiit, anc j waß rea iiy
surprised. The tiers rise so sharply one
above the other tl at there can be abso
lutely no obstruction to a complet? view
of the ring. The last row is just 150 feet
from the ropes, but owing to the jierfect
a.'rangement of the seats this cannot be
considered a drawback at all.
These back seats will not be reserved
and will be sold tor $5 each. Separate en
trances and staircases are to be provided
for each section, so that there will be no
chance of confusion when the crowd
arrives. A cordon of barbed wire wiil
separate each of the divisions, thus pre
venting the usurpation of reserved seats.
A cowboy tournament is one of the lat
est additions to the carnival programme.
This feature will taKe place on the race
track on the loth and 10th inst. "Jimmy"
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MARCH 6, 1897.
Martin, who is heralded as the greatest
horse rider in the world, will be the chief
performer, and will be assisted by "Scoop"
Floyd of Montana, and "Billy" Ireland
and "Jimmy" Hayes of Idaho. The
tournament will consist of roping and
tying wild steers, breaking and riding
bucking broncos, and all that sort of thing.
In order to conx in some of Nevada's
vaqueros and Piute riders a number of
special prizes will be hung up for local
competitors.
Dr. Guinan, the physician who yester
day examined Corbett and pronounced
him to be in perfect physical condition,
visited Fitzsimmons' camp this evening
for the same purpose. The Cornishman
readily submitted himself to the test. Or.
Guinan was thorough in everything he
did, and when he finished he smiled and
said that he guessed Fitzsimmons could
pass muster.
"I thought when I examined Corbett,"
he said, "that he was the most perfect
specimen of physical manhood I had ever
seen, but now I find that there are two
such beings in the world. Barring a
slight cold, Fitzsimmons is simply grand
so far as health and condition are con
cerned. He is marvelously developed
ahout the chest and shoulders, »nd I am
satisfied that he is fit to undergo a tre
mendoust test of endurance without dan
ger." J. G. Mansfibld.
JM THE TMAIMM& (JUAHTEKH.
Corbett Indulges in Four Lively Sparring
Boutß.
CARSON, Net., March s.— The chief
interest to-day centered about Corbett.
He had practically loafed for two days
and great things were expected of him.
Nobody was disappointed. Breakfast out
of the way Jim threw on a sweater and
called out his dog Laddie. Together they
rambled over the hills in the direction of
Empire, dodging a few jackrabbits and
dodging around innumerable bowlders.
Corbett does not fancy road work. He
claims that it stiffens his legs and im
pedes his rapid footwork, which saves him
from so many blow?.
After dinner he jusrgled with the wrist
machine for a quarter of an hour before
tackling the bag. Timing himself he
hooked the ball with his left continuously
for ten minutes and punched it with vigor
with straight rights and lefts for ten more.
Hurrying over to the court he called out,
Jeffries, with Edgren on deck, and the fun
be -an.
Tne bulky citrus belt Dugilist is improv
ing every day. His orders were to keep
coming and he followed them out. When
Jirt. backed into a corner Jeffries invaria
bly caught it, and a chorus of "Oh's"
went up from the female spectators.
Three minutes of hard work left Jeffries
puffing, but two little streams of perspira
tion trickling down Corbetts cheeks were
the only evidence that he had been work
ing. His bellows were operating beauti
fully.
Edpren is very quick on his feet, but
lacks experience. He lashes out with his
right as thoueh he were throwing a
sixteen-pound hammer, and before he
pains his balance Jim puts in a iew on
the body and perhaps a tap on the jaw.
He coaches the Berkeley giant continually
and promises to turn him out a finished
boxer. Most Judges agree that the talent
is there.
Con McVey was ronghlv handled by
the champion in their wrestling bout,
which followed Edgren's round. He ap
peared to be perfectly helpless, and Jim
banged him up against the wall time and
again, thumping bis breast meanwhile
like a Salvation Army drummer beating
time on a cold evening.
It was Billy Woods, however, who illus
trated the champion's kitting power.
With his armor blown up taut he strutted
out, only to be pounced upon like a wild
cat. Right and left Jim clogged him (in
the jaw, and when his guard went up he
caught it on the brenst with lon<:-range
straight drives or lightning uppercuts.
Each of the four men went through
four rounds of three minutes each before
Jim was satisfied. Then brother Joe and
Al Hampton played him two games of
handball each, after which he called it a
day's work.
Over at Fitzsimmons' quarters the reg
ulation programme went through without
a hitch. Bob took a morning walk and a
rub-down and put in two hours in the aft
ernoon wrestling with Roeber, sparring
with Hickey and Stezner and punching
the bag. Very lew spectators paid admis
sion to the gymnasium and altogether it
was a dull day around the Cornishman's
cottage.
Few people arrived to-day and no celeb
rities were reported on the road. The
Western Union brought in two additional
wires from Reno this morning, thus in
creasing its facilities to nine circuits, five
of which are quadruple! and two Wheat
stone. The time of transmission to the
East has been reduced to a minimum.
NO MONTE CARLO IN THEM.
Senate Bill 14 and Assembly Bill 260
Made Needed Provision in Reference
to Horseracing.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., March s.—Sen
ate bill 14, by Bert, and Assembly bill 266,
by Bettman, nave been assailed as having
been framed for :he purpose of creating a
Monte Carlo at Emeryville. A more erro
neous opinion of the measures which are
indicated could not well be formed.
The bills have been examined by com
petent attorneys, who declare that they
were framed solely and only for the pur
pose of legalizing the acts of the Board of
Supervisors who called an election for the
pupose of creating the town of Emeryville.
Foreign books are barred from the tracK
by an agreement between the two racing
associations, which is to last for two years,
and such a thing as a Monte Carlo there
is absurd.
The charge that Bettman is acting in
the interest of the Oakland track is un
founded. He had an Honorable reputa
tion when he went to Sacramento and has
done nothing to sully it.
Han l*n go Municipal foliar-.
SAN DIEGO, Cal., March s.— The Re
publicans yesterday nominated C. D.
Reed for Mayor. S. W. Belding for
treasurer and Tax Collector and a
lull city tick-t for tne April election.
Tnere ar*; now seven candidates for mayor
in the field. D. C. Reed, Republican; C.
P. Hoi. and. Democrat; A. C. Moaer, Popu
list; Joseph Isn chimm, A. E. Dodson.
Major H. Sweeney and George D. Cope
land, Independents.
PURE FOOD AND
ITS CHAMPIONS
An Interesting Meeting of
the Committee Yes
terday.
Soon a Convention Will Be
Called to Consider the
Question.
The Su'ject Also Discussed at a Con.
ference of Health Officials and
Professors.
The pure food committee of the Council
of Associated Industries met yesterday in
ti;e rooms of the Manufacturers' and
Producers' Association, Mills building, to
consider further the question of grappling
with the sale of impure and adulterated
foods.
Among the subjects discussed was the
prosecution of cases already begun and
those soon to go on the calendar of Judge
Campbell's court; the attitude of the
Board of Health in keeping the result of
its analysis secret until passed upon
officially; the eeneral attitude of the press
on the question, and the advisability of
calling a convention for the near future in
order to bring the crusade more promi
nently before the public and arouse a
greater interest in the work now going on.
The action of the Board ol Health met
generally with commendation, as it is so
difficult to remedy an error when once it
gets out.
In prosecuting cases B. N. Raviey was
in favor of going after the manufacturers,
the fountain-heaii whence flows all that is
impure in the food line. The question
was raised at this time: "What are we eo
ing to do with manufacturers outside the
boundary of the State?"
Julian Sonntag thought it would be best
in this, as in most other cases, to make
haste slowly.
Oscar Lewis was appointed a committee
of one to wait on W. S. Barnes to see if
that attorney could elucidate the question
as to whom the war should be waged on.
The following resolutions, alter a cursory
discussion were adopted unanimously:
Whereas, The food reform movement is at
the present time becoming as it Is in other
States East and throughout the world one ol
the most important movement*-; and whereas,
the said movement against the adulteration
of foods of all kinds vitally coacerns the
health of our people, and us well the In
dustries of this State; and whereas, we bjlieve
that health should be paramount to all other
considerations; thereforo.be it
Resolved, By the pure tood committee of this
council, that a convention be called at Mieli
time as may be advisable in the uear future.
Be it further
Resolved, That a committee of five be ap
pointed to arrange details regarding the said
conveution.
The convention will probab y bs held
some lime within two or three weeks.
It will probably be held under the aus
pices of the Manufacturers' and Pro
ducers' Association, as that body was the
first to anitate the pure- food movement.
Reports of all committees will be made
to-day at the meeting of the council,
booked for 2 p. M.
A meeting of the Board of Health was
held iast evening to confer witn Professor
Rising, Slate analyst, and Professor \V.
T. Wenzel, chemist of the board, with re
gard to the movement for pure foods. It
was presided over by Dr. J. F. Morse,
chairman of the committee on milk and
food.
Isador Jacobs and Oscar Lewis were
present, representing the lood committee
of the Council of Associated Industries.
J. B. Reinstein, regent of the university,
who has been instrumental in forming
plans for the crusade, was also present
and advised the chemists as to their duties
under the law. He said that it would not
be necessary for them to make exact
analyses of foods, but to discover
whether deleterious adulterations be in
troduced or the quality or strength re
duced, or whether ttie article was what it
was represented to be.
Mr. Jacobs said the crusade for pure food
to be inaugurated by the board would be
of vast benefit to fruit-growers and to
other producers in this State; that canned
fruits were being imported to California
from London in such great quantities that
the grower here was practically starving,
the reason being tuat packers adulterated
here to such an extent that merchants
had to go abroad to get pure goods.
"If the packers here were honest," said
Mr. Rein-tein, "the fruit-growing indus
try along would support the State. By
their adulterations the packers have
driven business away from them and
paralyzed the industry."
"This movement will spread over the
State once it is inaugurated here," said
Jacob).
"It will mnke an enormous sum of
money for the State; it is the best thing
that has been done for it in a long time;
it gives a value to the products of the
State at once."
Professor Rising said he wonld be glad
to co-operate with the chemist of the
board in every wiiy. He saw ihe neces
sity for iho movement, he said.
Food was adulterated to an extent not
popularly understood. Vory cheap ar
ticles in "oiive oil," for instance, was
almost without exception nothing more
than cotton-seed oil flavored with mus
tard seetl. As to wine?, he hail heard so
many reports cf late of adulterations that
he was appalled.
The pure-food crusade will be in
aupurated vigorously at once, and
wherever adulterations are discovered
prosecutions will be begun.
Dr. Morse thanked the eentleraen of the
Associated Industries, Mr. Reinstein and
the chemists for responding to such short
notice, and the meeting adjourned.
GrnUiiii/ Aouth of Jtrcmo.
FRKSNO, Cal., March s.—Vice-Presi
dent Rober; Watt, D rector A. H. Payson,
Chief Engineer W. B. Storey Jr. and At
torney E. F. Preston, San Joaquin Valley
Railroad officials, arrived from Sail Fran
cisco this morning aDd spent the day in
looking over right-of-way affairs on the
Keedley route. Matters are assuming
satisfactory shape, and the constrution of
this line will soon be commenced. Grad
ing on the Hanford route has been fin
ished to a point about ten miles soutneast
of Fresno. The tract is laid for about
two miles south of town.
HER SON IN SANTA CRUZ'S JAIL
Aged Woman Walks From San Francisco
to ¥isit Her Imprisoned
Offspring.
SANTA CRUZ, Cal., March s.— An at
fecting demonstration of a mother's love
for her boj- was witnessed here yesterday
in the meetine at the County Jail of Mrs.
Williams of San Francisco and her son, J.
Moss, who has been sentenced, together
with J. P. Densen, to eighteen months in
the State Prison for stealing Fisherman
Perez's boat. The mother was too poor to
pay her fare to Santa Cruz and when she
heard of her boy's trouble she started
afoot, walking the entire distance. From
the time she le(t San Francisco until she
reached this city there was hardly an hour
when rain was not falling or a cold wind
blowing, but it dla not change her pur
pose.
She would have saved her son from the
disgrace of a term in prison had it been
within her power, but there was no eto
couragement to be derived from the facts
in the case. The evidence aeainst the
young man is too strong, and District At
torney Carl Lindsay had, before her ar
rfval, secured a plea of guilty without the
expense of a trial.
FUR AM EXHIBIT AT HAM HI KG.
Snn <Jotte'* Board of Trade ITavora n
Staff Appropriation.
SAN JOSE, Cal., March s— At a meet
ing of the Board of Trade this evening the
following resolutions were adopted:
In view of the fact that a bill has been pre
sented to the Legislature to appropriate $6000
for the purpose of making a fining representa
tion of tue products of this State at the forth
coming Hamburg Exposition, and as the
Legislature mil adjourn within a few days —
therefore be it
Resolved, That this Board of Trade uree our
Senators and representaiives now assembled
at Sacramento to take immediate step 3 look
ing to favorable action on this bill, tor the
reason that a considerable demand already
exists in Germany for the preserves ana dried
fruits of Californiii, aggregatir.gr probably 100
carloads during the past year (about 50 per
cent ot this having gone direct from Santa
Clara County). It only remains for us to make
a suitable dis-play ot our fruit at this exposi
tion to largely increase the demand for the
same in the market and thereby secure a large
and profltabie trade. A large and varied as
sortment of fruits, etc., has oeen secured,
which is now at the State boatd rooms in San
Francisco. Before it can be forwarded to
Hamburg it is necessary lor this appropriation
bill to bo passed; therefore be it
Jiemlved, That copies ot this resolution be
immediately sent to our representatives and
also the Governor of the State, with Jin earnest
appeal for speedy ana fuvorable action.
ft'Woir Glen fiehoolhoute Burned.
SAN JOSE. Cal., March s.— Tne Willow
Glen District Schoolhouse, two miles from
town, was with its contents (iestioyei by
fire this evening, entailing a loss oi $6000.
It was insured for $3500. The cause of the
lire was a defective flue.
Threatened Hl* Succe»»ful Jtlrat.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., March s.— Miss
0. Burkonsky, a handsome young woman,
was arrested last niglit on a warrant
charging her with making threats. She
was formerly engaged to J. Schoonmaker,
who married another woman, a musician.
He is at present in Cincinnati, but his wife
came to Los Angeles on a visit.
Miss Burkowsky has been writing threat
ening letters to her rival, who swore to
the complaint.
X/» Firtta Incorporated.
LOS ANGELES Cal., Marcn 5.— Arti
cles of iucorporatioa of La Fiesta De Los
Angeles were filed to-day. Tne execu
tive committee for first six months in
cludes K. Rule, president ; R. W. Pridham,
tirst vice-nresident; Fred L. Alles, second
vice-president; F. J. Thomas, third vice
president; M. H. Newraark, treasurer and
C. S. Walton, secretary. The object of
the corporation is to hold an annual
festival in the city.
Funrrnl Car for Angelinas.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., March s.—Nov
elty in streetcars in this city is a funeral
car to be put on in a few days by the Elec
tric Railway Company. The company
hhs platted a cemetery at Hollwood, on
the electric line, and the handsome funeral
car now being built will do away with
hacks and other expensive features at
interments.
Suicide of a Soldier.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., March s.— Adam
Plasen. formerly a G. A. R. post com
mander, committed suicide at the Soldiers'
Home yesterday by shootine himself in
the head. He had been trying to get ad
mitted and failed.
Held for Trial at Sehua.
SELMA, Cal., March 5.— A. M. Meyer
and wife of Fresno, who were arrested
Monday for the abandonment of an infant
at the house of Rev. Mr. Baueh during
the night of February 4, had their prelim
inary examination in Justice Tucker's
court to-d.iy. They were held in $2000
bonds each to answer in the Superior
Court.
Aiteinpted Suicide at Chieo.
CHICO, Cal., March 5. — A young
woman named Arbuckle attempted to
commit suicide by drowning in Little
Cliiro (.'reek this morning. She was dis
covered in time and rescued by William
Spaneler, who swam to her assistance.
The woman has for several days been try
ing to raise money to place her child in
a convent.
Chicktn Farm -Mear Santa I'm a.
SANTA ROSA, Cal., March 5.— W. E.
Henry and 0. L. Freisim, San Francisco
merchants, to-day completed thepurcnaso
of a large ranch near Santa Rosa, where
they will establish an immense chicken
raising industry, They expect after a few
months to have between 5000 and 6000
chickens for the market every month.
NEW TO-DAT
|pP tl # u --^; t -^Mffl Yfllj pFFI BAD
your energy to the performance of
|||£l||||tt|gps < °<cI 9 some ac t of strength and you find
//§l y|^Kß indiscreet acts earlier in life.
ifmiSiS VlmS!\||,*^i'-^V\wl But you can get it 'back. Dr. :
■'if "fill "' IpwA A \\AlF.Sanden's: Electric Belt will arouse
'it W*' v >\if *• » ' the dormant vitals; it will renew
your strength in every sense. ■■■ It's invigorating current of electricity
will bring back the old power of ■manhood. Then you can defy old age
and laugh at your early folly. >• - ;
•'I suffered from Varlcocele ajid Weakness tor twenty -six years and it cure me. .I am now 51
years old and a better man than 1 was at 30," says L. 1. JaccaKO, a prominent jeweler of San
Leandro, I'al. ' . . ■ " : •'"' " ' •- ;
Get the book "Three Classes of Men," free, closely sealed.
SANDEN ELECTRIC C 0.,&L e M rftei, & pS' 6
. . Office iiours — A. M. to. 8 P.M.; Sundays, 10 to 1.- Los .^injelm O;bc« .--outti ttroil- '
way: Portland, Or.. 253 Washington street; Denver. Colo., 933 Sixteenth, street.
■; AlnJtc no mistate in lbs number— ©3 £», Market street Make note of it
DX. SANDEN'S £L£CIKIC TUI'SS CUKES BUPIUKE.
A DEAD MAN'S
NAME IS NEEDED
Sterling A. Hopkins, the Old
Marshal, Is Wanted
in Alameda.
His Signa ure Demanded by the
Heirs ot the Late Mayor
Andrus.
But the Marshal of the 0 d Vigilantes
Died in the Baitb of the Wider
ness in Sixty-Four
A recent inquiry for Sterling A. Hop
kine, who was a prominent member of the
famous Vigilance Committee of 1856, has
come from several local attorneys, who
want bis evidence to clear the title to a
piece of land at the southeast corner of
Manuel and Jackson streets, Alameda,
being a part of the estate ot the late ex-
Mayor W. R. Andrus of Oakland.
"This inquiry siiows how short is the
memory of the masses," said Attorney Os
car T. Shuck, yesterday. "My Statistical
Abstract shows," said be, "that Hopkins
was killed in the Battle of the Wilderness
on June 1, 1864. This information cannot be
found in the San Francisco newspapers,
but is in the old files of the Sacramento
Union."
The point about which lawyers are wor
ried could be cleared by Hopkins if the
dead could speak, but tbe attorneys in the
case have not yet learned of Hopkins'
death, though bis long silence, in view of
his prominence in pioneer times, might
indicate that he had died.
In 1856 Hopkins was Marshal of San
Francisco. While he was )o the act of ar
resting a notorious character he was
stabbed in the neck by David S. Terry, at
thai time Caliiornia's Chief Justice.
For a long time Hopkinß* life trembled
in the balance, during which time the
Vigilantes decided that they would hang
Judge Terry if the wound resulted in
death. At the time of the stabbing Hop
kins was in the act of arresting Reuben
Mallony. who had been captured on the
bay by Vigilance officers. Maiionev had
taken refuae in a room at the State
Armory, at the corner of Washington and
Kearny streets.
Judge Terry was present at the time of
the attempted arrest and he declare i that
nobody should be arrested in his presence
by any person claiming authority from
an illegally constituted tribunal. Hop
kins retired fur a time and returned with
an armed force. Judge Terry presented a
rifle, which Hop&lns seized, whereupon
Terry plunged a dagger into the back of
his neck, severing the carotid artery.
The Vigilantes then filled the streets to
the number of 1500, surrounding tbe
armory where Terry and his friends were
barricaded. All this occurred on June 20,
and Terry was not released until August 7.
It is probable that the absence of Hop
kins' signature to the deeds in question
will result in a compromise among his
heirs, for the omission of the ancestor's
signature gives some of them a color of
right to several valuable tracts of prop
erty.
PIUTES .<OAJX MAMPA.NT. ,
May let Take the Warpath Over That
. -. , . ... Ma » on -Talleif Murder. ■ ■ ■'"' •"
VIRGINIA, Net.; March s.— The pros
pect of trouble between the Piutes and
whites has not yet disappeared.
The cause of the uprising last week,
when the militia was called out, was the
murder of a Piute named Jim King in
Mason Valley by a man named Logan.
King was killed while protecting his sister
from assault. Logan escaped and the
Indians threatened trouble if he was not
punished. He was captured and the oat
break subsided.
Preliminary examination of Logan was
held yesterday before the Justice of the
Peace at Dayton, Lyon County, in which
Mason Valley is situated. The examina
tion was a farce and Logan was acquitted.
He was put in the County Jail, however,
for safe keeping, and during the day Cap
tain Dave, chief of the Mason Valley
Piutes, secured an onier from District
judge Mack of this place holding Logan
for trial.
In the meantime fifty Pintes armed
with Winchesters guard the Dayton jail
and a party of twelve Indians, also armed,
search every outgoing train to mike sure
that Logan is not spirited away. A race
war is imminent if Logan is not punished.
n'atsonrilln Gambler Fined.
SANTA CRUZ, Cal., March s.— Judge
Smith of the. Superior Court has decided
that the game of keno as conducted by L.
H. Davis at Watson ville is a gambling
game and affirmed the judgment of the
Watsonvilie Justice who adjudged the de
fendant guilty of a violation of the law
and pronounced a penalty of $100 fine.
Davi^ plea that the method of a percent
age "rake off" from the game destroyed
the illegality of it was not accepted by
Judge SmilQ.
Hinh Water in the itlasiatippi.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., March s.— High rains
for twenty-fonr hours have again started
the rivers rising. Telegrams from New
Madrid and Bellefontaine, Mo., state that
the New Madrid sfnk is under water and
families are forced to the hills for safety.
Much alarm is felt in the peninsula, as a
high stage of water increases the danger
of the threatened cut-off irom the Miss
issippi River to the Ohio, thirty miles
above their juncture.
The Chinese divide the day into twelve
parts of two hours each. The Italians
reckon 24 houas round, instead of two
divisions of twelve hours each as we do.
jnrw TO-DAT.
HANDSOME PRESENTS.
PRETTY PRESENTS.
DAINTY PRESENTS.
USEFUL PRESENTS.
FREE
WITH YOUR
Teas, Coffees, Spices.
FREE Err\^
WITH DUG PURCHASE.
EACH
Your Choice of the Following:
I Meat Platter, white.
3 Plates, decorated.
i Coffee Cup and Saucer.
i Majolica Pitcher.
i Yellow Mixing Bowl. '
i Chrysanthemum Egg Cup. -
i Windflower Cup and Saucer.
i Crystal Glass Jelly Dish.
i Crystal Glass Spoon Holder.
1 Crystal Glass Cream_Pitchef.
2 White Cups and Saucers.
I.Bohemian Bud Vase.
I Chrysanthemum Oyster Bowl.
I White Scalloped Bowl.
.. V i White Table Bowl.
3 Table Tumblers.
2 Harvest Dessert Plates.
2 Table Goblets.
i Fancy Fruit Plate. . i > V> • i •
i Fancy Cup and Saucer.
6 Fancy Bisque-Hatching Eggs.
FREE (hri HO V
WITH $!•_ PURCHASE.
LnUil BBSB^W K335555581
i Fancy Engraved Vinegar Bottle.
i Salad Bowl, Windflower.
i Bisque Flower Holder.
i Meat Platter, Chrysanthemum. .
1 Vegetable Dish, Windflower.
2 Cups and Saucers, Windflower.
i Rose Bowl, fancy.
i Milk Pitcher, Windflower.
i Coffee Cup and Saucer, fancy,
i Muffin Pan, 12 ring. *
3 Breakfast Plates, decorated.
3 Cups and Saucers, decorated.
1 Syrup Pitcher, crystal. "
1 Cup and Saucer, mustache.
1 Mush Set, Chrysanthemum.
1 Card Basket, Bohemian.
6 Table Tumblers, crystal.
. 1 Sugar and Cream Set, fancy.
1 Cake Stand, crystal.
3 Egg Cups, Chrysanthemum.
4 Table Goblets, crystal.
FREE <h 'V en
WITH 3)^.21: PURCHASE
EACH , — IN
1 Jardiniere, fancy.
1 Berry Set, complete.
6 Cups and Saucers, decorated.
1 Claret Set, crystal glass.
' ' 1 Tea Pot, fancy china.
. 6 Pudding Bowls, Chrysanth'm. ,
1 Bisque Vase, fancy. :^k 1
6 Dinner Plates, Windflower.
12 Knives and Forks.
1 Water Pitcher, Windflower.
1 Butter Dish, decorated.
1 Tea Pot, Windflower.
6 Egg Cups, Chrysanthemum.
1 Salad Bowl, Chrysanthemum.
1 Cuspidor, fancy china.
1 Table Set, crystal. >'; :
1 Orange Bowl, crystal.
Many Other Useful Articles.
TEAS 20, 25. 30, 35. 40, 50. 60c a Ib.
COFFEES 15,20,25,30,35, 40c alb.
oPICtiS 10. 15, 20, 25,30. 35, 40c a can
BEST QUALITY, MONEY ';'£;
-OR- • :~:'.V-A/
LOWEST PRICES, RETURNED.
OPERATING 100 STORES
Enables Us to Treat Our Customers
With Extra Liberality.
Great American liiprtiiij Tea Go.
MONEY SAVING STORES:
1344 Market st. 146 Ninth st.
2510 Mission st. aiB Third st. 1
14* Sixth st. 3008 Pillmore ft,
617 Kearny st. 965 Market St. i
1419 Polk st. ' 3006 Sixteenth st«;
R2i Montgomery am. tod Second st.
833 Hayes st. 3285 Mission st. . j
52 Market St. (Headquarters), S. P.
»og3 Washington at. 616 E. Twelfth st.
Ui Ban Pablo aye. 917 Broadway, Oaklaoi
1355 Park at.. Alameda. | •
I Coughs and Colds i
ji CAN BE CURED. 1
i> < •
1 1 If neglected they cause that dread dii- Q
X . i ease, Consumption. *
U•- < I
I 1 O
;; Dr. Martin's Pain Curer ;;
( I . Is a remedy that is tineqnaled. . I I
I 1 Price, 25c, 50c, $1 Per Bottle \\
) | ' _ ' < t
) ! L. CALLISCH, J!
• Wholesale Agent for the Pacific Coast, '!
♦ i-n ■••-;.-; ■■:'. ' San Jose, Cal. tk
\t-■■ ■ . ■ if
i > For sale by all druggists. The trade ' '
( ( supplied by Kedington & Co.. Mack & w.
♦ Co. and Langley & Michaels, dan Fran- ♦
• Cisco. 5 )*
•♦••■•■•■♦•♦•••♦•••♦•♦••♦^ >
' — '■ : — '■ ■
000000-p-000000
AN EXCELLENT
W JTT7 A T Properly prepared and
li/l r* r\ I promptly served, can
JL.VJLL-*-* *« always ba obtained in
THE GRILL ROOM OF THE
Decidedly the r\ A T A /^T?
Most Popular KA A I H
Dining Apart- vf*; AbAVjLI ,
ment in town, ■BaßaaaßaaaßaanßaaHHßa
<K)-C><KK>O-0-C><>O<H>
■ i .i|TliTlllfc T ii 1 1 " l: " ** is a non-pomonous
,i'j/^3^^m^M remedy for Gonorrhoea,
*"jm£&*ci. vnv sSg.it Gleet, Spermatorrhoea,
mv in i to ; .l»ya.^H hit--", unnatural ilis- ■
£30 Gaii»a«?il ■ charges, or^any inU.unm; 1 .-
-■ M o»t to itrieture. tion, irritation or ulcer.-;'
itJPrevenM eonuiioa. 'tion of mucous mem-
R»»TKEEvANS ChEHIOICo. Cranes. Non-astringen-.
V-ffi». CINCINMATI.O SHB S ° by I * ru atc '
nnL jt g , s|rSi or Ben t in plain wripp?-.
?^B^Bi ' ' b y express, prepaid^ f r
S ■ 1 1 - 00 ' or senior *- "matt.
«>• BD Ciicular sent- or. »•■ inaa^.
NE\^ AVESTERN ; HOTEL,
KEAKNY AND WASHIXOTO-V STS RS.
modeled and renovated. KiXU, WAKO A cix
j European plan, , Kooms 500 to 41 50 per day, *j
to S3 per week, $8 to S3U per nioam: tree o^ttu;
hot uud cold water every room; tin £r*MM 14
1 •rerjr loon; eiev»iax cuiu aUalxat.
-
56
CHARLES M. SHORTRIDQE,
Editor and Proprietor.
SUBSCRIPTION RATES- Fre«t
Pally »nd Sunday Call, one week, by carrier. $0.15
Paily and Sunday (alt., one year, by mall — 6.00
Dally aod 6un<J«iy Call, six months, by mall- 3.00
Dally and Sunday Call, three months by mail 1.60
Pally «cd Sunday Call, one month, by mall- .68
Sunday Call, one year, by mall *••"
V» uxlv Call, one year, by mall « *•*<>
BUSINESS OFFICE
' 710 Market Street,
San Francisco, California.
Telephone Maln-lMt
EDITORIAL ROOMS:
617 Clay (street.
TtJcphra* M«ln-1»74
BRANCH OFFICES «
627 MonWiomery street, corner Clay; op«» until
9:80 o'clock.
839 Hayes street: open until 9:80 o'clock.
015 I.nrkln street: open until 9:30 o'clock
b\V, corner Sixteenth and Mission streets; opes
ant 9 o'clock.
2518 Mission street: open until 9 o'clock.
167 Ninth street: open until 9 o'clock.
1305 Polk street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
OAKLAND GFFICB:
COB Broadway.
EASTERN OFFICE:
rooms 31 aft 89. 34 Park Row, New Tort City
DAVID M. FOLTZ, Eastern Manager.
r '
THE CALL SPEAKS FOR ALL.
p— — — — _^—^
bATUHDAY MARCH 6, 1897
During the week ending Sat-
urday last THE CALL published
4429 inches
of advertisements, which is
318 inches more
than was published by any other
San Francisco newspaper during
the same time.
Things are moving already.
The extra session is in sight.
McKinley's inaugural address was a ten
strike.
Keep the ball rolling for the Federal
building.
This is going to be a workingman's ad
ministration from start to finish.
Bryan got out of Washington before in- I
auguration day, but he wasn't missed.
The protective tariff bill will be ready !
to report as soon as Congress meets, and j
there will be no delay.
By providing work for the unemployed
the new boulevard will open a way for j
rosrerity to return to many a household. j
There is reason to believe that even the
Senate will quit fooling and promptly at
tend to business when the tariff bill comes
up.
You will wish all the news and lots of
other good reading for your leisure to
morrow, so leave orders to-day for The
Sunday Call.
The biscuit trust is a combination
which should have been well cooked up,
but nevertheless it has flattened out as if
it were dough.
It is well known that politics makes
strange bedfellows, but it never cut a
stranger caper than when it put Cleve
land and Hill into retirement together.
McKinley said nothing directly abou;
Cuba, but his pledge to insist "upon the
enforcement of the lawful rights of Ameri
cana everywhere" had better be read care
fully by the Spaniards and duly attended
to. _
Cleveland had a talent for making ene
■ ruie?, and McKinley has a genius for mak
ing friends. That is the difference be
tween the two men, and it will make a
er»at difference in the government of the
"country.
It does not seem. that the Democratic
nomination for Speaker of this Congress
would be much in the way of spoils, and
yet Bland, McMillin and Bailey are
fighting for it as if it were a bone with
meat on it.
As the Boston Herald asserts that in
that city "the men worth knowing are
not the men who are socially known" it
is clearly evident the editor isn't getting
the invitations to swell parties he thinks
he has a right to.
The most disturbing condition of the
Government is the deficiency in the reve
nue. It amounted to over $4,266,000 for
the month of February, and the Presi
dent has certainly acted wisely in calling
Congress together to remedy the evil.
It is hard to believe that so good a
fighter as Theodore Roosevelt desires to
back out of the row he has raised in New
York, but all the same hi? eagerness to
obtain a place at Washington as Assistant
Secretary of the Navy looks like a willing
ness to take water.
Weyler's return to Havana was probably
prompted by the knowledge that in his
treatment of American citizens in Cuba
he will have a different administration at
Washington to deal with hereafter. It
is time for him to hunt a quiet place in the
palace and devise a new policy.
The President says: "Congress should
give prompt attention to the restoration
of our American merchant marine. To
my mind few more important subjects so
imperatively demand its intelligent con
sideration." That is the right kind of
politics. It means trade, it means com
merce, it means business.
With the retirement of Hill, Voorhees,
Vilas, Blackburn and Palmer there will
be hardly enough Democratic statesmen
left in the Senate to organize a caucus or
conduct a parliamentary battle. ; If old
Senator Morgan should break down the
Democratic Senators would have to follow
Populist leadership or resort to bush
whacking. •
A Minnesota heiress induced her mother
to co to a matinee, and then sent for her
lover and a preacher to come to the house.
When the father returned from business
and the mother from the play they found
the daughter had made a play that meant
business and was safely married. That
scheme beats elopement on a bicycle and
breaks the record.
A bill has been introduced into the Mas
sachusetts Legislature authorizing any
railroad corporation in the State to con
struct along public highways branches of
its main line to be operated as electric
roads under the same terms as street rail
ways. The bill if passed is expected to work
a revolution in local transportation and
has caused as much comment as if it were
an insurrection. j
HIS BEST FRIEND.
He is the best friend of laboring men, skilled and unskilled, who giyes them
employment at remunerative wag*s. Every private and public enterprise that gives
such employment to our people should be encouraged. American workmen are the
bone and sinew of the country. We are a nation of toilers, in shop and factory, in
forest and mine, on farms and rivers. Federal and State Government should inaug
urate and resolutely carry on wise and permanent improvements. Here in San Fran
cisco the Federal building should be pushed to early completion. The erection of
this much-needed building would give employment, directly and indirectly, to thou
sands of our citizens, rnnny of whom are now teeking in vain for worK. Work means
wages, and wages bring food and shelter to wives and children.
During the four years just past the people have drunk deep of the cup of sorrow.
We have been taught in the hard school of experience; we have seen the ruin
wrought by unwise legislation; we have had brought to our own hearths ana fire
sides want, misery and despair, and this in a land of wondrous natural resources and
opportunities 1 Business depression has prevailed everywhere. No State, no section
of the country has escaped. Idle mills and shops, idle men and women — these have
been the immediate cause and the effect of the hard times.
It is the duty of statesmanship; it is the duty of the Government — Federal, State
and municipal; it is the duty of citizens, in their private capacity, to give the largest
possible employment to our people. Laws should be passed with the avowed object
of favoring American laborers in every calling. It is believed that a brighter and
better day is dawning. Light is breaking through the clouds tnat have hnng over us
like a pall. As Californians, let us assist one another, and to that end let us work in
harmony; let us bend every energy toward furnishing employment to our people; let
us put forth every effort to build up our State— develop our mines, increase our
domestic trade, add to the tillable acreage of our valleys and hillsides, encourage by
patronizing home manufactures— and generally, in season and oat of season, endeavor
to hasten the return of business activity, which means individual contentment and
happiness.
In this good and patriotic work The Call will continue to co-operate with its
brethren and with every organization whose purpose is the development of California
and the welfare of her people.
THE NEW CABINET.
It is gratifying to the country to note
that in selecting his Cabinet President
McKinley has exercised a choice which
shows him to be not more wise in defining
a policy of governmental action than in
selecting fit men to carry it out. Many a
man capable of planning sagaciously
lacks tbe talent of selecting men able to
execute what has been planned. Presi
dent McKinley sbows that he is not of
that nature. He posseses both the quali
ties necessary for a chief executive. He
can direct wisely and is also a sufficient
judge of men to know how to choose the
agents who are to carry on the work.
The only selection made by the new
President against which any adverse
criticism has been directed was the
choice of Senator Sherman for Secretary
of State. Fortunately the Senator has
been so long in public office and for many
years has so ably acted as chairman of
thn Senate Committee on Foreign Rela
tions that bis record is a sufficient answer
and refutation to the attacks of his assail
ants. In every other casa the man chosen
for the office has been so clearly fitted for
the performance of its duties that public
approval has followed promptly upon the
announcement of the name.
It is certain that this will be one of the
most notable Cabinets in the history of
the country. Sherman, Gase, Long, Me-
Kenna, Bliss, Gary, Alger and Wilson con
stitute a notable assembly of statesmen.
While each has a special fitness for the
work for which he has been selected, all
are well versed in the general affairs of
the country, are skilled in ihe conduct of
business and will form not only a wise
council for the President, but an able and
efficient corps of execnti^e officers to ad
minister the great departments of the
Government.
In one notable respect the new Cabinet
differs from that which has fast gone out
of office. It does not contain a single un
known or untried man. Ail oi them have
bad experience in the conduct of great
affairs, and all of them have achieved emi
nence and distinction in the country. The
people do not have to search around to
find out about these men as they did about
those whom Cleveland raised from com
parative obscurity to Cabinet offices, not
so much to advise him as to take orders
from him in the management of official
business.
The country is to be congratulated upon
this Cabinet hardly le-s than upon the ac
cession to office of the Pr sident who has
selected them. They will conduct the
business of their various departments in
such a way as to add to the efficiency of
the Government and to subserve the best
interests of the people. California may
rightly rejoice in having a representative
among them, and she can find satisfaction
moreover in the knowledge that he who
represents her holds not the least impor
tant office in the Cabinet, nor is the least
fitted for the honor bestowed upon him or
for the responsibilities of the duties be
has undertaken.
THE FEDERAL BUILDING.
The action taken at a joint meeting of
the principal commercial bodies of the
City on Thursday will go far toward bring
ing about a speedy beginning of the work
upon the Federal building. The action
was in full accord with the prevailing sen
timent of tbe people and will, undoubt
edly, find cordial support from the Cali
fornia delegation in Congress.
As a result of the meeting a memorial
was addressed to the Senate and House of
Representatives in Congress urging tbe
necessity and wise policy of promptly
constructing the building, and a letter
was addressed specially to the California
delegation requesting active aid in pro
curing the commencement of the impor
tant work. Both the memorial and tbe
letter were excellent in tone and in terse
neis of language. They will not fail to
have effect upon those who receive them,
and we may count upon seeing more
energy displayed in the work by the Gov
ernment officials than has been done at
any time since the construction of the
proposed building was first advocated.
As was pointed out in the letter to the
California delegation the present time is
especially propitious for the commence
ment of the work. Building materials
are lower than ever before in this market
and a large number of men are unem
ployed. Tbe public service needs the
building and as the money has been pro
vided there is no reason why the work
should not begin.
The new administration will be as favor
able to public enterprise as the Cleveland
administration was adverse. Its sym
pathies are with the workingmen of the
country, and its officials will be only too
glad to afford employment for them as
promptly as possible. We may confi
dently count, therefore, upon a favorable
response to the memorial and to the
letter.
Thk Cai,l began the new agitation on
this subject because it recognized the im
portance of acting promptly at this junc
tnre, and having now tbe assistance of
the Chamber of Commerce, the Board of
Trade, the Manufacturers' and Producers'
Association, the Merchants' Association,
the Builders' Exchange, the Oakland
Board of Trade, tbe Siate Board of Trade
and tbe Labor Council, it feels certain
that the agitation will be rewarded with
complete success. The movement for ob
taining the building has been well ad
vanced In this City, and we have no doubt
the energy here displayed will have its
uue effect at Washington,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MARCH 6, 1897.
THE EXTKA SESSION.
The action of President McKinley in
calling an extra sea-iion of Congress to
meet within ten days is tbe first proof
given to the country of the energy
with which the new administration will
direct itself to the task of removing the
evils which now depress our industries,
and of providing a means for a speedy re
turn to prosperity.
As the President said in his inaugural
address: "Business conditions are not
the most promising. It will take time to
restore the prosperity of former years. If
we cannot promptly attain it, we can
resolutely turn our faces in that direction,
and aid its return by friendly legislation."
This much is well understood by the peo
ple, and they therefore hail with gladness
the action of the President in summoning
Congress at onca to enact tbe friendly
legislation which is required to promote
the public welfare.
The peopie share with the President the
belief that Congress will not be found
! lacking "in disposition or ability to re
lieve the situation as far as legislation can
do so." It ia true that the "restoration of
confidence and the revival of business
which men of all parties so much desire
depend more largely upon the prompt
and energetic action of Congress than
upon any other single agency affecting
tbe situation." It is to Congress there
fore that the people now look with expec
tation and with confidence that it will be
found not unworthy of the task imposed
upon it.
There is every reason for believing that
a new tariff designed to increase the reve
nues of the Nation and at the same time
afford protection to American industry
will be passed without Any factional oppo
sition. The Atlanta Constitution, one of
the leading Democratic papers of the
Union, recently obtained opinions from
prominent Democrats of the country on
the subject of the tariff, and the prevail
j ing sentiment was in favor of permitting
! its prompt adoption.
Senator Jones of Arkansas,, who was at
the head of the Democratic National Com
mittee during the last campaign, ex
pressed the general sentiment of the lead
ers of his party in saying: "Since the
people of the country have given the Re
publicans a sufficient number of votes to
pass their bill the Democrats will give
them full opportunity to do so." Senator
Morgan of Alabama, who will be the
dominant Democrat in the Senate, de
clared that his party "will throw no cap
tious opposition in the way of the Repub
lican administration in enacting such
measures as they promise will bring pros
perity."
The outlook therefore is good. The Re
publicans of the Ways and Means Com
mittee will have a tariff bill prepared in
time to submit it as soon as Congress as
sembles. As tbe House is overwhelm
ingly Republican, and as its proceeding!
will be directed by Speaker Reed, it is rea
sonably certain that the new bill will be
promptly passed and sent to the Senate.
The assurances given by Jones, Morgan
and other Democratic leaders promise an
equally speedy adoption of the measure
there. We will probably have the new
tariff before the close of the present fiscal
year. There will be an end to deficits,
disaster and debts.
All hail to President McKinley, all hail
to the extra session, all hail to a protec
tive tariff, all hail to returning prosperity I
BEET SUGAR.
The great and growing interest which
California has in the beet-sugar industry
makes it well to note with close attention
what is going on in foreign countries in
regard to it. The United Btates Consul-
General, in his latest published report to
the Dapartment of State, says tbat tbe
long-vexed problem of sugar legislation
has not been so definitely settled as to
eliminate it from German politics, and
that the sugar manufacturers are prepar
ing an appeal petitioning for tbe pass
ing of a new act to safeguard their in
dustry.
Such movements in foreign countries
should be closely watched in tbe interest
of the American industry, and every ad
vantage and stimulus European Govern
ments give to tbe production of sugar by
their people ought to be promptly met by
an insistent agitation in this country for
such protection as will place our farmers
and manufacturers on at least an equal
vantage ground in competing to supply
our home market.
Germany is tb* most important country
to keep an eye on in this matter, because
it is beyond all comparison the largest
beet sugar producer, and her lead must be
followed. Her sweeping reaches for con
trol of the world's market must be met
with counter efforts by all countries who
do not want to surrender tbe industry en
tirely to that empire. Germany produces
something over a million and a half tons
of beet sugar out of a total European yield
of something less than four and a half
million tons. Our American production
is so comparatively insignificant that we
have only eight factories to tbe 1215 plains
that are running in Europe.
If we expect to preserve this little start
and make it grow till we have a proper
share of this great industry it is obvious
that the policies of those countries winch
are so far ahead of us must be studied
either for adoption or to fortify ourselves
against their invasions of our own mar
ket?.
The subject is of especial interest to
Cahforniana. No other State of the Union
has such possibilities of achievement in
this industry. California can produce
pugar enough to supply all that is needed
by the people of the United States. Much
has already been done for the State in
developing this industiy by such capi
talists as Claus bpreckels, but he and
others should have encouragement and
assistance by such legislation as would
wrest from the foreign producers the un
due advantage which their Governments
are seeking to give them.
FOR YOUR SUNDAY PLEASURE.
The Sunday Call will till every require
ment in a literary way.
The range of subjects is exceedingly
wide.
For instance, you will learn all about
the marvelous new X-ray discovery re
cently made by a San Francisco phy
sician, and for tne first time Riven to tne
world through the columns of The Sun
day Call.
A scientific disquisition on light will be
a very readable article.
"A Bird Medley," by Miss Adeline
Knapp, will have especial charms for you.
It is full of nature's own poetry.
The story of the human telephone will
be as interesting as it is strange.
And the new motor that threatens the
extinction of the fire-horse will he fully
described In The Sunday Call.
Eastern styles for women and men will
be a feature of the fashion page.
The children's pace will have a load of
good things, as usual. In fact, there is no
department devoted to the little folks in
all the wide West that compares -with
Childhood's Realm in The Sunday Call.
The description of a genuine rattlesnake
ranch will make your hair stand on end.
It is all true, however.
Then you don't want to miss Olive Hey
den's sweet poem nor the story of a Siski
you ball that rivaled the Bradley Martin
affair.
Van Dyck Brown will toll you in his
rare style the romantic story of the his
toric valley of the Avon.
There will be a multitude of features,
literary, scientific and illustrative, in the
best of California newspapers, The Sunday
Call.
Sena in your address early.
BUSINESS METHODS IN THE NAVY.
The Union Iron Works and the Cramps have
presented claims for several hundred thou
sand dollars, which these firms allege to have
lost on the Olympia, Oregon and other ships
thiongh delays and changes on the part of the
Navy Department. To those familiar with the
business methods of some of the bureaus the
claims do not appear extravagant, for the
builders have been sadly hampered, notably
through non-delivery of armor and guns.
It has been the aim of four successive Secre
taries to improve the business methods of the
Navy Department. Chandler called attention
fifteen years ago to the need of reform, and
Whitney inaugurated a system devised by
Commodores Brown and Meude, a lieutenant
of marines and a lieutenant of tne Washington
navy. It is, perhaps, needless to say that the
system found little favor and failed to work.
Secretary Tracy also essayed to organize a sys
tem upon the loundation of which the present
Secretary has built up the existing business
methods of the supplies and accounts of the
navy. It is all very well so far as it goes, but
no pan has yet been devised by which bureau
chiefs and clerks can be made to attend to
business, and It is on this account that nearly
$1,000,000 extra expense is claimed by the
contructors.
Judging from the numberless forms of blanks,
quadruplicate requisitions and reports, the
convening of boards of high rank officers to
sit as a jury to determine the cost of repairs to
a chair with a broken leg, and the many other
intricate methods by which the public in
terest is guarded, the system is no doubt a
success, and it has only this one fault, that
ilio object is lost sight ci in order to carry out
all the preliminaries to their final end. The
commanding officer, although he may be an
admiral, has but little to say as to how things
might be expedited, for he is tied up with the
same red tape that extends from Washington
to the Atlantic seaboard and botck to the Pa
cific Coast.
A little incident which occurred about nine
years ago at Mare Island will illustrate what
the so-called business methods were then, and
how much room there was for an improve
ment. It was during Commodore Russell's
time that two boats were ordered built with
out delay for the Ranger. They were of the
Ingersoll patent, without frames, and having
instead a double skill of planking.
A half-dozen men were set to work on each
boat, and the work went along with a rush
until the outer thickness of planking v/as
ready to go in place. The foreman boat
builder then made requisition for one bolt of
canton flannel, but none was to be found in
the storehouse. The commodore promptly
telegraphed to the proper bureau in Washing
ton for permission to purchase one bolt of
canton flannel. The chief of the bureau wired
the next day, "What is the canton flannel
wanted for?" The commodore promptly re
plied, "For the Ranger's boats." Still the
chief was not satisfied in his mind that all was
right, and inquired by telegraph, "Will noth
ing but canton flannel answer the purpose?"
The commodore answered laconically, "No."
On the fourth day after the telegraphic corre
spondence had begnn a dispatch came from
Washington authorizing the purchase of the
canton flaunel, and on the following day the
stuff came up from San Francisco by express,
its purchase having been ordered by telegraph
from trie yard.
As a business transaction the account stood
thus: Telegrams, $7 20; cost of one bolt of
canton flannel, $5; total cost of the flannel,
$12 20. This, however, does not cover the
actual expense of the flannel, for during the
four days' telegraphic correspondence two
gangs of men were practically idle, and allow
ing that they worked one-half of the time
there still remains $108 (at the rate of $4 50 a
day to each man) to be charged to the canton
flannel, thus making its total cost $I^o 20.
The difference of $115 20 might have been
saved if the commandant ha<l been intrusted
with discretion in the matter, but then it was
the navy's way of doing business, a system
somewhat complicated and not suited to the
ways of civilians.
It is alleged now that with the new system
no Buch extraordinary delays and expenses
are incurred, and yet the contractors com
plain. __________
THE GAME BIRD OF FREEDOM.
Dam» Liberty's chicks are a vi?oroui brood,
And the little game bird ol freedom roosts high:
Little ureece spreads tier wing* in belligerent
mood, . - ■ ■ ■ :;.*'•.'-. ■:">;
While uomez gives Spain a black eye.
The power* of liurope are down on their luck,
And the Mm) ly Turn shakes In his shoe:
80 freedom's game bird cluck* a satisfied clnck,
And the rooster crows cooic-doo die-do I
Then hail to King George and bis brave fighting
men,
And down with the base Turk In Crete!
Then hull to the patriot Gomez again,
And down with Spain's kingdom tffete!
Hurrah for tbe spirit of true Yankee pluck,
And three cheers for the red, white and blue;
For freedom's mime bird chirps a vigorous clack
Anil the rooster crows cock-doodle-do!
—New York Evening Sun.
NEWSPAPER PLEASANTRY.
"I hear you have a big pile of money up on
the Corbett-Fitzsimmons fight."
"Yes; I have a bet of $5000 that Corbett will
win, one of $5000 that Fiizsimmons will win,
another of $5000 that one or the other will
whip, and siiil another of $5000 that it will
be a draw. I'm taking no chances on this
fight, let me tell you."— Chicago Tribune.
"At least there is one thing that can be said
in favor of the Turks— they are a highly ro
llgious people."
"Oh, any one can see that from the way they
fight."— lndianapolis Journal.
She— You won't object to having dear
mamma live with us after we are married, will
you?"
He (a young doctor)— Not at a.l. In fact the
will be most welcome.
She— lt's so good of you to say so.
He— Not at all. You see, she is always ailing
and I really need somebody to experiment
oa.— Comic Cuts.
"THE CALL" SPEAKS FOR ALL.
Letters From Our Readers on Matters of Public
Interest.
McKinley's "Word.
Editor San Francisco Call— Sir: President McKinley's word is made eood by his inauguial
address. All doubt is cleared away as to his understanding of the platform on which he was
elected. It was made by politicians for him to get in on, and now he affirms his intention to
stand on it as President. Considering the conflicting interests which were compromised at St.
Louis when that platform was made and which were held in line during the campaign, but
which will dow soak to control the administration on differing lines— the gold men and
bankers striving for one line of policy and the honest international bimetallists for another
line of policy— it must be conceded by all candid meu that President Mi-Kinley has given
proof of a robust honesty of conviction and intention most decidedly refreshing and inspiring
to all fair-minded citizens.
I have tried to read the President's inaugural address with fairness and candor, forgetting
for the time that I did what I could do honorably to defeat him as a candidate for the Presi
dency; and so great is my desire for the prosperity of our country and the speedy relief of the
vast multitudes of suffering people all over our country now in abject poverty and dependence,
with the future growing hourly more hopeless and desperate, and with even a larger number of
industrious American citizens who are desperately struggling to save their business or incum
bered property from annihilation, thinlt I succeeded fairly well in reading this iuaugurnl
address in a somewtiat hopeful spirit and in real fairness to President McKinley and tho
political party he represents.
My confession is at once openly made that there is more of the straightforward man and
far less of the shifty politician, more of the stalwart American and less of the crafty "head of
a nation" in this inaugural address than I anticipated. While holding that the wording of
the platform which outlines the National policy he was elected to enforce is to be taken to
mean just what it says, to a plain man of ordinary intelligence, and asserting in terms de
void of equivocation his full purpose to carry out that policy to its logical sequence, ha places
himself bofore the Nation in the simple but sublime dignity of the National Executive, not as
tho arrogant dictator who preceded him, when he distinctly calls upon Congress to assume
its entire responsibility for "prompt, energetic and intelligent action" to "secure, as far as
legislation can do so, the restoration of confidence and the revival of business which men of
nil parties so much desire," because "upon such action more than upon any other agency"
tho return of prosperity depends; and in this we see a change of administration quite to the
satisfaction and delight of vie American people from that which four years ago autocratically
sneered at "having Consrress on its hands." McKiuley thus stands as ua American President,
not as a bloated corporation autocrat.
It must also be noted here to the credit of President McKinley that he takes cognizance of
the gravity of the situation which confronts him as he enters upon his du'ies as Chief Magis
trate. Indeed, he opens his address by reference to his "responsibilities which are augmented
by the prevailing business conditions, entailing idleness upon willing labor and loss to useful
enterprise." "The country is suffering," he says, "from iudusuial disturbances from which
relief must be had." As remedies he proposes greater economy in National expenditures and
an increase in revenue, "secured by a system of taxation, external or internal, or both."
These are old remedies and in line with the fixed policy of the Republican party. Indeed, I
find no intimation In this inaugural address of any departure from the prevailing policy of
the party for the past thirty years. Will it suffice for present conditions?
Without a radical change, such as President McKiuley nowhere intimates as desirable, I
cannot understand how the return of prosperity will follow in any satisfactory seuse tho
measures proposed in the inaugural address. Fifty "years ago a close student of the causes which
produce nationnl decline and disaster had the courage to speak hi 3 mind as to the result of
influences then at work in our country, although he was jeered by our countrymen without the
leasl snow of respect for his dismal anticipations. It was the crabbed and blunt critic Thomas
Carlyle, who is now more admired by both English and American readers than lie was fifty
years ago. He then said:
"The republic west of us will have its trial period, its darkest of all hours. It is traveling
the high road to that direful day. And this scourge will not come amid famine* horrid
stride and ordinary punitive judgments. It will come as a hiatus in statecraft, a murder
ous bungle in policy. It will be when health is intact, crops abundant and the munificent
hand open. Then so-called statesmen will cry overproduction, the people will goto the
bnliot-box amid hunger and destitution and ratify this infamous lie, thrown upon the
breeze by the eervile editors of a corrupt press."
I think the present generation of American voters will recognize the "direful day" of
Carlyle as a too familiar iact of the last election and of existing conditions. At the "time
Carlyle made his unwelcome prediction nothing seemed more preposterous to the American
people.
If the people of our country, by a considerable majority, possessed the clear intelligence,
the historical knowledge, the subtle discrimination, the sturdy integrity, the moral cour
age and the wise foresight of Thomas Carlyle they would see in the broad open light of mid
day the causes which have brought their country to its present deplorable condition, and
any man of ten millions could name the only remedies which can by any human possibility
cure these evils. Relief will not be found iv continuing the policy under which our country
has traveled to its present "dlreiul day." While I hope for the best, I do not see how our
country can enjoy but a temporary and fictitious prosperity, and I iear but little of that,
until we have an entire chiingp in our political economy. Joseph Asbury Johnson.
San Francisco, March 5, 1897.
The Way of a Faker.
To the Editor of the San Francisco Call— Sir: We herewith take pleasure in expressing our
thanks to The Call for taking the pains to ascertain the facts before publishing the particu.
lars about the case of Emma W. Krenz in The Call of the "-d uIL Emma W. Krenz commit
ted suicide in a fit of despondency on the 20th ult., and the following day the Examiner not
knowing what to do for some sensational news and never stopping to find out the facts pub
lished an account of the case to fit its own ideas, coupled with a love story. This story was
ridiculous, ana was denied by us ana the lady where she had been at service. However the
"Monarch of Fakers" immediately published another equally ridiculous story to the effect that
she had committed suicide because she did not get a new coat. We took no notice ol these sto
ries because we thougtit it the work oi one of its second-hand reportersand thought the Exam
iner wouid discover its mistake at the Coroner's inquest. Such was not the case, however, for
after the Coroner's jury had heard the evidence an«t rendered a verdict of ''suicide in a fit of
de o pondency," the "Monarch of Fakers" would still have its own way, and the following day
published the verdict in this style, "Suicide on account of not receiving a new coat." We hope
you will be kind enouch to publish ihis and let the public know the truth. Thanking you
for past favors, we are as ever, F. \V. Kbenz (brother).
;Mrs. Ed Ullman (sister).
O. Kbenz (father).
P. B.— Have been a subscriber to the Examiner for tne last eight ye*rs, but I now find I can
obtain truthful news for the same money by subscribing for The Morning Call which I have
already done. Respectfully, Mrs. Ed Ullman, Islais street, near Mission road.
A Plea for Single Men.
To the Editor of the San Francisco Call— Sir: Your correspondent Mr. Orr points the un
employed of the City to the placer gold gravel bars of the State as a place where a dollar a day
can be made by hand labor, but this scheme would not suit the numerous married men who
seek employment near their homes and families.
And this suggests to me the question, "Why are so many married menidle"T Seeingthat the
benevolent philanthropists of the City always give the preference of work to these, leaving
the single men to fight the world as best they can, and why is it that men and women are so
foolish as to persist in marrying and raising families when the world apDarently has no use
for them; they breed only more slaves to minister to the luxury of the capitalists and the more
they breed the more numerous the capitalists become and the more numerous their slaves.
If wisdom instead of selfishness ruled the world, instead of subscribing funds to make employ
ment for these selfish, nmrried men, these would be left alone to stew in their own juice, and
employment provided only for me provident single men like myself, a rusty, cruslv old bache
lor. Patrick McGinnis, Bernal Heights.
San Francisco, March 5.
PERSONAL
R. Foster of Gibsonvllle is in town.
H. O. Ewirjg of New York is at the Palace.
Allen 8. Baker of Los lianos is at the Rubs.
J. J. Maloney of New York is at the Palace.
H. T. Williams of Los Angeles is at the Buss.
John A. Johnson of Elmira is a late arrival
here.
R. Baum of Chicago is at the Cosmopolitan
Hotel.
S. F. Simonde of South Acton, Mass., is at the
Palace.
P. Dunbar of North Dakota Is at the Cosmo
politan Hotel. .
B. V. Sargent, the attorney of Salinas, la at
the Occidental.
Henry F. Greene, manager of the Cissy Fitz
gerald Company, is at the Baldwin.
Judge E. H. Lamme, a leading silver Repub
lican of Los Angeles, is in the City.
J. D. Goodman, who is interested in mining
in Plumas County, is at the Occidental.
Mrs. R. Hamilton and daughter of Winnipeg,
Canada, are at the Cosmopolitan Hotel.
O. O. Boggs and family of Derby, lowa, are in
the City and are at the Cosmopolitan Hotel.
P. F. Morse, Mrs. Morse and Miss Steers of
Portland, Or., arrived at the Palace yesterday.
James Mitchell and O. T. McConnell of
Chehalis, Wash., are at the Cosmopolitan
Hotel. '
Edward F. Penser, a business man of Susan
ville, is down on a short visit and is registered
at the Lick. . >-\ --r.-r-j
Among the arrivals here yesterday was John
Smith of Smithville, founder of that town and
reported 10 be the richest man in it. ■
Ralph Metcalf, formerly one of the owners
of the Tacoma Globe and afterward of the
Tacoma News, is among the arrivals at the
Grand. . . •
John J. Boyce, ex-District Attorney at
Santa Barbara, arrived here last night, ac
companied by Mrs. Boyce. They are at the
Occidental.
F. W. Bradley, superintendent of the widely
known and rich Bunker Hill and Sullivan sil
ver and lead mines at Wardner, in the Cceur
d'Alene country, Idaho, arrived here yester
day.
John Sparks, , the gray pioneer of Nevada,
who has for many years been in the cattle
business, and who is one of the foremost of
the beef barons of his State, was among yester
day's arrivals. He is at the Palace.
Luman R. Wing of Chicago, one of the largest
dealers in California dried fruits, is at the
Palace, accompanied by Mrs. Wing.' Mr. Wing
is in the ; State to examine into the fruit re
sources for this year and probably to buy fruit.
He has at different times shipped fruit to Chi
cago by the train loads.
A. L. White, editor of the educational de
partment of the New York Tribune, arrived
here last night and is at the Baldwin. Mr.
White Fays he is here on a half business and
pleasure trip and -will probably visit Nevada
before he returns.'- Mr. White . was for some
years prominently connected with the Chicago
and Denver papers. In the latter city he was
at one me manager of the Lyceum Theater.
He is the inventor of a novel shorthand sys
tem, which has been successfully introduced
in Europe and America. V
CALIFOKNIANS iN NEW YORK
NEW YORK, N.Y., March 5.-At the Plata,
W. -E. Glover; Stuart, :J. Ey an. Mrs. ■W. B.
Pauley and Miss Charlett L. Lehnhardt left
tho Plaza to sail on the Werra for Gibraltar
and Naples. _^_^^^^^^^^^^^
She— Did you havo any trouble in getting
papa to lisien to you?
He— Not a bit. I began by telling him I
knew of a plan whereby he could save money.
— Cincinnati Enquirer,
A OOOPEE MEMOEIAL.
An Effort to Perpetuate the Memory
of the Great Kiudergartner.
The following appeal has been issued:
It is the desire of the co-workers of Mrs.
Sarah B. Cooper and of the resident? of San
Francisco to perpetuate her memory in a
memorial which shall be a living testimony to
the value of the work, she has done in this
City.
As the exponent o( Mrs Cooper's teachings
and realizing the far-reaching iutluence of her
labors, the Golden Gate Kindergarten Associa
tion believes that this memorial should be a
continuance ol her Hiework. It, therefore,
most earnestly appeals to you, as a resident of
sun Francisco, to aid in carrying on the wort
among the little children in the kindergartens
established and superintended by her. These
children are too young to obtain rudimentary
instruction in any public educational Institu
tion in the City. Through these kindergartens
they have been lifted irom ignorance and ltd
consequences of meutal and moral deteriora
tion, and thus far but one of the 22,000 chil
dren enrolled in the Golden Gate Kinder
gartens is known to have been arrested for
misdemeanor or crime. The united evidence
of the officials of thii City is to the effect tnat
in the districts where kindergartens have
been established disorderly and vicious ele
ments have invariably diminished.
Generous men and women, prompted by
Mrs. Cooper and under her direction, have
founded kindergartens amonc the needy and
destitute in various parts of the City ; but
there remain fourteen kindergartens, formerly
supported by subscriptions irom the general
public, unprovided for.
The financial strain in the business world
has been severely felt by the association. The
amount oi its subscriptions has decreased and,
without a more generous income, the associa
tion cannot support these kindergartens.
What, then, shall be their fate? To give up
any of them closes the door of hope to many
children; and substitutes degrading for eluvat
ing surroundings, and lessens the influence of
the noble woman whom the City delights to
honor. It remains with you, who recognixe
the benetits received ia the past, to decide if
these kindergnrtens shall live.
Witn this statement and in the name of the
noble woman whose life was devoted to the
uplifting of humanity the Golden Gate Kin
dergarten Association appeals to you lor finan
cial aid, believing that the prevention ol im
morality and vice is a more effective method
of reform than the industrial schools and
prisons you are taxed to support.
In conclusion you are asked to fill out the
inclosed card with the amount of your sub
scription or donation, and to mail the same to
the treasurer of the Golden Gate Kindergarten
Association, Mrs. F. a. Frank, 1601 Van Nesß
avenue, City. Yours truly,
Emily Talbot Walker, President
Minna \. Gaden, Secretary.
OATHOLIO LADIES' AID SOCIETY.
Entertainment Successfully Given in
South San FrancUco.
The Catholic Ladies' Aid Society of All
Hallows parish gave an entertainment
last Saturday evening in South San Fran
cisco Opera-house for the benefit of the re
lief fund. The entertainment was well
attended and proved a decided success. An
excellent programme was rendered as fol
lows:
Overture, La Migisslere band; vocal solo,
Miss Grace Maguire; recitation, '-The In
ventor's Wife," Miss Maud Joues; vocal solo.
«■• r> Irvln: t&bi eau, '"Rock of Aces" ; song,
Miss Rita O'Day; vocal solo. MUs Nellie Man
gau; fancy dance, Miss Ilene Spellman ; selec
tion and chorus, La Mißissiere; tablenu, "Chris
tian Graces"; vocal solo, Mrs. C. P. O'Connell
piano bolo, Miss Josie Rahtmann; recitation,
J. M. Toner; tableau, "Believer's Vision 1 ••
vocal iolo, "Tho holy City" (by request), J.
a. Widman; piano solo, Miss Alice Ervln;
chorus and selection, La Mlgissiere; tableau,
"The Landing at Monterey."
At the conclusion of the entertainment
the cnairs were removed and dancing was
indulged in to the strains of Tichnor's
orchestra.
The affair was under the manaßement
of the following committees, to which spe
cial credit is due:
Committee 01 Arrangements— Miis M. Mc-
Donough, Miss s C k&T'vX
Teiman. *Yt p nesrosier: floor, committee—
TKlet I ££?. A.' Uanratty, P. Mur
phy, M. O'Brien. • , ■•■■ • *
THE FRATERNITIES.
Dramatic and effective Cer.mnny of
lu.tallationofthe Ladies of th*
Maccabees.
1 Of the many fraternities m San Francisco
that install officers in public, there are but
few that do so with more impressive and
dramatic effect than do the Ladles ; of the
Maccabees. On Thursday last the officers o
Modin Hive No. 19 were installed in public In
the social hall of the A. O. K. building, and the
beautiful ceremony was witnessed by a largo
number of the members and friends. The
officer, do not wear regalia, but are designated
by the insignia of office affixed to a neat bow
oi black and red ribbon. WUen the time for In
stallation was called the various officers occu
r> t-d their respective stations, and soon tfaere
ater there came from an anter.>..m Uu young
Udici who are known as the staff-bearers, each
carrying" long staff or wand, having tied a:
U*e top a bow of red. white and black ribbon,
the colors of tne order, and euch wearing a
broad red ana biack sash across tne shoulder.
These staff-Dearers marched In column of two
up to the altar, saluted the lady commander
by placing the left hand over the heart, then
opened and stood facing each other in par
allel lines. At a signal iroiu the organist the
staff-bearers crossed staffs forming a lone
bower of youth and beauty on each fide and
silk overhead. The lady sentinel, passing un
der the bower, advanced to the altar gave the
salute and announced that Lady Henrietta
Cook, supreme deputy commander, was in
waiting to install the recently elected officers.
sue was admitted, and after passing through
the bower was conducted to the lady com
mander's station. »*fc«. - i_Ji«
The several officers, upon request of the lady
deputy, vacated their siations and each de
posited her insignia of office upon the altar,
after which the newly elected officers, as their
names were called, took seats in a circle re
served for them at the eastern end of the nan
facing the installing officer. Then followed
the calling ot the new lady commander, who
passed through tho bower escorted by the
mistrejs-at-arms and, nfter the salute, the
staff-Dearers circled around the altar and with
their stwffs formed a sheltering canopy over
the heads of the two who were waiting the ,
pleasure of the installing officer. She explained
the nature of the obligations tne lady com
mander-elect would have to assume and re
ceiving her assurance that she was willing
and ready to assume thtm the deputy ad
vanced to the altar and administered the oath
to her, the lady commander during the timo
holding her left hand on the Bible, afterwhich
she was decorated with the insignia of the
office, and the chaplain offered up a prayer.
The new officer was conducted, to the
sound of a march, to her station by the mis
tress-at-arms and escorted by the staff-bearers,
who then formed in two lines and circled
oack to their stations at the rear of the altar.
Then the other officers, one by one, were
brought forward and each was charged, witli
more or less obligation, according to rank. '
The entire proceedings were very solemn,whkh
was added to by the impressive manner of tho
installing officer, who performed her part of
the work In a most creditable manner, deliv
ering all her charges without the aid of a book.
The installation ceremony being declared at
an end, there was then given a very pretty
exhibition ef floor work called "the march of
the Ladies of the Haccabees '' that closing by
the staff-bearers, the ten officers and two la
dles from other hives forming one after an
other four living letters, L. O. T. M.. the in
itials of the name oi the order. The effect
was charming, and the participants were
loudly applauded.
Tne new officers are: Lady commander, Mrs.
M. Devega; past ludy communlor, Mrs. £. R.
vVaddelt; lady lieutenunt-comiutillder, Dr. K.
t-prague; lady record-keeper, Miss Helen
Black; lady finance-keeper, Mrs. L. Manning j
lady rhaplain, Mrs. M. Boell; lady sergeant,
Miss J. Fitzgerald; lady niistre«s-«t-arms, Mrs.
K. Creig; lady sentinel, Mrs. K. Wheeler, and
lady picket, Mrs. C. Shatman.
A short impromptu programme followed, in
which Miss Bertha Moody, the Miss'-s Carrto
and Ethel Manning and Mrs. & J. Tully took
part. The deputy, Mrs. Cook, made a few re
marks, and then "there was dancing and re
freshments.
L»uring the evening the hive w»s visited by
the members oi Modin Tent in a body and
General Supervising Deputy for the Pacific
Coast, C. A. Luckenbach.
Oaceola Tribe's Social.
Osceola Tribe, Improved Order of Red Men,
gave its quarterly social in the Alcazar build
ing last Thursday night, and there was an at
tendance that crowJed the large social hall.
Fred B. Swan, James PbilUpg and P. J. Leanon,
composing the committee of arrangements,
had prepared a programme which, though.
shor>, was much appreciated. It was a song
and dance by John Guerrero aad John BeiTers
Jr. Tho latter in response to an encore gave a
whistling solo, which was a wonderful per
formance, one which it is said can b'j equaled
only by two men in the United States. The
dancing was enjoyed to the fullest under the
management of E. McCarthy, assisted by D. M.
Ross, Charles Whald and E. C. Francis, tho
floor committee.
Builders Nominate Directors.
A special meeting attended by about 200
members of the Builders' Exchange was held
yesterday afternoon at the headquarters in
New Montgomery street, and the following
nominations were made for eleven directors,
to be elected on March 15, for the ensuing
year: C. C. Morehouse, plasterer; Thoin-as
Elam, carpenter: Thomas W. Butcher, -mason
and builder; Gus V. Daniels, painter; Jamc3
A. Wilson, mason and builder: J. W. M: ■:.
mason and builder; John Tuttle, material
mac; S. H. Kent, carpenter and builder; Ed
ward B. llisdes, manufacturer; J. R. Tobin,
plasterer; R. Chartrey of the Joshua llendy
Machine Works; Richard Rico, plumber;
Thomas McLacblan, carpenter and builder;
Richard Herring, millman; C. P. Moore, car
penter and builder; J. P. Fraser, painter;
David Dillon, teamster; James Conlon, rooler;
M. C. Lynch, carpenter and builder; James
Gullfoy. roofer; J. D. McGilvary, stonemason;
D. MePhee, stonemason; J. F." Rlley, mason
and builder.
■ « ♦ »
Townsend's Cal. glace fruit. Palace Hotel bids.*
1 • — ♦ — ♦ —
New designs in fire-etched boxes. Townsend'a.*
* — ■»
Special Iniormation dally to manufacture*,
business houses and public men by the frail
Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Montgomery'
• — * — ■»
Sara Bernhardt has consentee to appear "on.
the stage in London in June in some of the
representations which will be given at the eel
brations of the Queen's jubilee. : .1, J^3
«• The Overland Limited "—Only Thrst
and a Half Days to Chicago.
The Union Pacific Is the only line running Pall
man double drawing-room and tourist sleepers
and dining-cars, Son Francisco to .. Chicago daily
without change. Buffet, smosin? and library cars, 4
Ogden to Chicago. Tickets ana sleeping-car revr- I
rations at 1 Montgomery st. D. W. Hlicbcoc*, ■
General Agent. San Francisco. m ™
- For Bronchial and Asthmatic Complaints,
"Urotcn's Jironchiat Troches" have remarkable
curative properties, s-'old only In boxes.
No beauty ever looks her best
i Unless, with Ayer's Hair Vigor dressed.
Her hair, chief g ory is confessed.
I » ♦ — «
"Mother," said Deacon Sawbufcs, "her you
noticed that Sally writes an awful queer sort
o' hand senco she went up tew mat there
boardin' school?"
"Yes, I hey, Silas, but she generally ferglti
afore she finishes the letter."— Jour
nal.
NEW TO-DAY.
IjHGPfl^
POWDER
Absolutely Pure.
Celebr-ited lor It* great leavenlnj Btrcnisth an*
healthfulness. Assures th« food against alum and
all forms of adulteration common to the cue
brand s. BAKiiiu rowDKU Co.. Ne.vVori
iloYAi« iJAKii«u l'owi>KH Co.. Ne.vYuriSATURDAY MARCH B, 1807
AMUSEMENTS.
BAXDWm Thkatfr -"Shore Acres."
Columbia Theater — "A Flower Girl of Paris.-
Bfosoacoa opera - Hovsk. — -The Derby
11 ascot."
/Mca7.ar Theater.- "By Proxy."
Tivoli Opera House— The Mikado."
t rpukvm.- High class Vaudeville.
New l'.r-ii-sTRKKT Theatkr. — "SI Perkins."
Golukn- Gate Hall— Trebelll's Concert, this
afternoon.
M i riiANies' Pavilion— Tng-of-War.
Obkbon.— The Vienna Orchestra.
Sitbo Baths— Bathing and I erformances.
The I'HCTEg and 6KATINO Uink— Dally at
llaight street, one blocK east of the Park.
Pacific Coast Jockky Cj.rn.— Kaces to-day.
ALCTION iAt-bS.
By S. P. MiddletomA Co.— Wednesday. March
10. Sanitarium Baths, at cor. Powell aDd Bay sta.,
•til o'c.ocfc.
By Bovek, Toy * Soxntao.— Wednesday,
March 10, Real Kstate. at salesrooms, 30 Mont-
Komer> street, at 12 o'clock.
CITY NEWS IN BRIEF.
Asa Fisk ditd at his residence yesterday
afternoon.
Occasional rain Saturday— W. H. Hammon,
forecast official.
The BanK Commissioners have issued a call
• lor all banks to baud in their annual reports.
Many of the original members of the Fraw
ley Company will do retained for the coming
season.
Judge Coffey will choose a mother pro tem
pore lor little' Effie Holatrom at 2 o'clock this
afternoon.
The Board of Henlth met last night and de
termined to begin a vigorous crusade against
adulterated foods at once.
Lizzie H, San Marco, Cash Day, Argentina,
Gutta Percha, Steiucr and Montgomery, won
races at Jngleside yesterday.
Judge Morrow has decided that where vessel
and cargo belong to the same owner both
may be libeled for sailors' wages.
Ernest M. Hickey was married twice and
both times divorced. After his death both
women applied for money from his estate.
. William Brugge killed an old man known as
Louis yesterday afternoon because the latter,
as Brugge claimed, had called him a loafer.
Reverend and Cantor Samuelson of New York
will officiate this morning at the Congregation
Beth Menalcnim Streisand on Minna street.
The case of J. J. Raver against Internal Rev
enue Collector O. M. Welburn has been trans
ferred from the Justice to the Federal courts.
Edward Bernard,' a laborer, had his head
- crushed by a falling rock in one of Warren iS:
Malay's quarries yesterday. He is still alive.
Sergeant Thomas McKenna, for many years
in the police liquor license department, died
yesterday alieraoou as the result of an opera
tion.
At a meeting held yesterday the pure-food
committee of the Council of Associated Indus
tries decided to call a convention to consider
the question.
J. N. E. Wilson has been sued by Alfred
Clarke for $750 raid to be due on a promissory
note dated July 9, 1890, wan interest at 3 per
cent a month. "
The Examiner has been caught in another
bold, malicious lie and denounced by union
workingmen for publishing false reports of
their meetings.
Coroner Hawkins and Manager Kirkpatrick
battled legally yesterday over John M. Oak
ley's bnggage in the Justices' Court. A de
cision is expected tu-day.
It has come to lignt that Sterling A. Hop
kins ot the old Vigitantes, whose signature to
Alameda deeds is wanted, was killed in the
Battle of the Wilderness.
Union No. 22, Carpenters' and Joiners'
Brotherhood of America, adopted caustic reso
lutions condemning the police lor doing car
penter work last evening.
A letter was seat to the carnival committee
of the Golden Gate yesterday by the Mer
chants' Association explaining some features
that may be adopted with profit.
"Growling" .Louis, a cook in a water-front
saloon, was kicked to death yesterday after
noon by a man known only by the name of
Hanson, wh« escaped att#>r tha deed.
There were 551 deaths in this City and
County last month. During the month ot
February, 1896, the deaths numbered 483.
The births last month numbered 484.
John W. Steiner has been granted a divorce
from Mary Steiner on the ground of desertion,
and lor a similar reason John Waish has
been given a divorce from Nellie Walsh.
John Wulbern, an old resident of "Cow Hol
low," died suddenly yesterday morning at his
residence on Hlb'.*rt and l^aguna streets, where
■he has resided for the past seventeen years.
Two students of the junior class in the Den
tal College were yesterday formally suspended
until next term fox having appropriated cer
tain nominal infirmary fees to their own use.
Frederick C. Rooke, a clerk in the Supreme
Court of New t>outn Wales, arrived here, after
a wild ocean and continental trip, to catch
the steamer Alameda. He got aboard just in
time.
'Supervisor Ilaskins will investigate Judge
Wallace's stationery bill, which includes
lifteen quarts of ink and a great quantity of
. paper, etc. The stationery fund is overdrawn
$2UOO.
The relief fund in the hands of David Meyer
yesterday amounted to £3092. The unem
- ployed are making preparations for Tuesday's
grand benefit entertainment at the Audi
torium.
The closing lecture Tuesday night In Metro
politan Hall by Mr. Davenport will explain
the doctrines of the Catholic Apostolic Church
nnd reasons will be given for believing the
Lord's coming is near.
J. J. Muicreavy was yesterday indicted for
perjury. He was a contractor who laid con
crete at the City and County Hospital and
swore to a bill that was (Uncovered to be ex
cessive and upon which he drew pay.
Edwin Diller Starbuck, a fellow in philoso
phy at Clark University and a special student
of the psychology of religion, who has writ
ten a treatise on religious conversion!, has
been called to a professorship at Palo Alto.
The Street Committee has ordered the Su
perintendent of Streets to recall the permit
issued to the Union Paving Company to do
street work on Eureka street, between Twen
tieth and Twenty-first, by private contract-
Margaret Brown, a woman 70 years of age,
who was severely burned by her clothing
catching fire at her home on Third street
several weeks ago, died at St. Luke's Hospital
yesterday. The matter was reported to the
Coroner.
■ John Miller has been found guilty of mur
der in the first degree for killing James Child*
at '4o6 Clementina street in this City on the
18th of last November. The death penally
will be pronounced by Judge Carroll Cook on
the 13th lnst.
Dr. W. S. Matthews, editor of the California
Christian Advocate, yesterday received a tele
gram from an Illinois minister to the effect
that he could fill a ship with Nebraska corn
for Indian sufferers if free transportation to
San Francisco could be procured.
Reginald H. Webster, who has been de
clared by the Superior Court to be legally en
titled to the office of Superintendent of
Schools, yesterday called upon Mr. Bahcock,
who has been filling the office. Yesterday
afternoon Mr. Bibcock's attorney secured a
stay.
Superannuated pensioners of the United
States will soon need the aid of a special agent
to assist them in drawing their stipends from
the Government. Many of them are physi
cally incapacitated from walking to the
County Clerk's office for the purpose of swear
ing to "their claims. v;;^
Mrs. Eva Metcalfe has applied to the Supe
rior Court to partition a lot on the north side
of Geary street, west of Mason, 137:0 feet
square. Mrs. Metcalfe owns an undivided
4&-50 interest in it, while the remaining
fiftieth is owned by 8. M. A. Jackson. He will
be entitled to about 240 square feet.
Isaac Peterson, a miner from Placer County,
complained to the police yesterday that after
a visit to a house on St. Mary's street he had
missed his watch worth 85, ascarfpln worth
#35 and $20 in coin. He identified Dora Ray
mond, an inmate, as the woman with whom
he had spent his time, and she was taken into
custody on a charge of grand larceny.
Buckingham & Hecht will get $4000 from
the City and County for damages caused to
their property by the overflowing of the Army
street sewer Into the basement of their
premises on Valencia street. They asked $10
--000. Yesterday Attorney Creswell advised
the Judiciary Committee of the Supervisors to
' compromise for $4000. A report will be made
for that amount.
The'Sorosls Club has inaugurated a course
of six lectures to be given at their rooms on
Pine street by Mr. and Mrs. Henry Fair
weather every Tuesday afternoon during
Lent. The course will comprise a series of
talks on Wagner, his music, etc., etc. The
• theme last Tuesday was "The Flying Dutch
man.". Several number: from the opera were
beautifully rendered by Mr, Fairweather.
THE PASSING
OF ASA FISK
Death of a Well-Known
Character of This
City.
A Cold Caught Some Time Ago
Undermined His Con
stitution.
He Deeded Most of His Property to
His Wife Just Bifcre He
Died.
Asa Fisk, the well-known money lender,
passed away after a long and painful ill
ness yesterday afternoon at his residence,
700 Hayes street.
The illness which caused his death was
contracted last October by trs catching a
severe cold which turned into a bad at
tack of pneumonia and at that time
threatened to be serious. Medical aid and
a robust constitution, however, thwarted
the attack, but it left him an invalid and
caused his retirement from active business.
A change for the better took place about
the Ist of January, when his family noped
that he would be restored to his m.ual
activity, but in this they were disap
pointed, for he never recovered his usual
vitality. He became more feeble day by
day until death came yesterday.
Previous to his death Mr. Fisk deeaed
all his real estate, except that which is
located in Alameda County and this City,
to his wife, leaving his holdings in the
two places mentioned to be disposed of
according to the conditions of his will.
His funeral will take place to-morrow
from his residence at 1:30 p. m. Religious
services will be conducted Dy the Rev. Dr.
Berger of the Presbyterian denomination,
of whose congregation the deceased was a
member prior to Dr. Berger's removal to
an Eastern church. Dr. Berger's presence
here at this time is owing to a visit to his
old associates in California.
The deceased belonged to the Masonic
fraternity, but since his arrival in this
City he ceased to be an active sojourner.
Mr. Fisk was well known in business cir
cles, but in his privaie affairs he always
maintained a reserve that but few of his
intimate associates broke through. He
was born at Holliston, Mass., on Christ
mas, 1818. He came of an old New Eng
land family. His early life was spent on
a farm. At the age of 14 yountr Fisk left
the farm and made his way to Boston and
went to work at a small salary in a ero
cery store. Later he secured employment
in the firm of David Kimball & Co., who
dealt in tailors' goods and supplies.
For the first few years his salary was
only $100 a year, but this was gradually
increased until he held several positions
of trust and confidence. Upon the death
of one of the members of the firm he se
cured a half interest in the concern, which
took the name of Kimball & Fisk.
In 1856 the death of Mr. Kimball left
Mr. Fisk tne sole proprietor of the bust
ness, but a while after he took in a part
ner. While still engaged in that line Mr.
Fisk branched out and built the East Bos
ton and Suffolk Railroad. During these
years he was a resident of the Middlesex
district, a suburb oi Boston, and one term
he represented the district in the Massa
chusetts Senate oi 1859 and 18<J0.
In 1803 Mr. Fisk came to California.
He traveled extensively over the State,
combining business with pleasure. After
an absence of a year or two he returned to
Boston and eventually closed out his
business in that city. In 180!) Mr. Fisk
returned to this State, bringing with him
about $75,000.
It was about 1871 or 1872 that Mr. Fisk
started into the business of a money brok
er, a business that he followed ever
since. His fortune at the time of bis death
amounted to several hundred thousand
dollars, but the exact amount is unknown
even to his family. He still owned large
holdings of real estate in the East as well
as in this State.
Early in life he married and three chil
dren W6re the result of that union. His
first wife died and be married again in thia
Btate and two more children were added
to bis family.
One who was well acquainted with the
old man stated that while Asa Fisk has the
reputation of driving a hard bargain in
money matters, there are many good
traits in bis character.
Among these was mentioned his habit
of doing effectual, though unostentatious
charity. He was the subject of much
criticism, which his friends declare was
unjust. Mr. Fisk himself took this philo
sophically and was once heard to remark
that the only people who abused him were
those who did not pay their notes. He
was never known to reply to public criti
cism.
Fishing Interests C'onceutrated.
Ten companies were organized and incorpo
rated yesterday for the purpose of conducting
fishing and ■ mining operations in Alaska.
Each company has a capital stock of $10,000.
The incorporators are identical In all the com
panies, as follows: William B. Gage, Benjamin
c. Hawes, Jay Deming, Henry Placeman,
BadgipU iisroid Jr. Ttie jjamea of the com
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MARCH 6, 1897.
panics are: Xeptune, Ancon, Glacier, Canoe,
Helmet, Cruiser, Kearsarge, Nautilus, Ensign,
Premier.
• — ♦ — •
FIFTEEN QUARTS OF INK.
A large and Dusky Flood, Which With
Incidental Snowy Stationery, Will
Be Investigated.
Auditor Broderick and Supervisor Has
kins puzzh d yesterday over a bill for sta
tionery, which came from Cunningham,
Curtiss & Welch, and which purported to
be for the use of Judge Wallace, but
which was ordered by Iris clerk, Benjamin
Solomon. No requisition had been made
upon Supervisor Haskins for stationery,
but there was the bill for $121 15, enu
merating the following items:
Lithographed letterheads, 2400. $18; 2400
lithographed noteheads, $13; a gross of pen
cils, $12; a half gross of colored paper pencils,
$3 75; a dozen assorted chased rubber pen
holders, $3; two dozen pens, $1 50; blotters,
$7 00; three dozan rolls of uaper, $14 50; a
dozen quarts of writing fluid, $5 50; three
quarts carmine fluid, $0; 500 2-cent postage
stain us, $10; 500 1-cent postage stamps, $5,
and a large amount of rulers, rubber bauds,
envelopes, etc.
Auditor .Broderick believes that al
though Judge Wallace approved the bill,
he did not carefully note* the items nor
observe that the total was sufficient to
stock a small store. Supervisor Haskins
will investigate. The stationery iund is
overdrawn $2t)00.
HIS WIPE WAS MISTAKEN.
Why Coroner Hawk in* Inquired Into the
Circumstances of V. A. Brown's Death.
The funeral of P. A. Brown, who died
on Thursday and was buried yesterday,
was delayed a few moments when about
to take place, by Deputy Coroner O'Brien,
ASA FISK.
who was sent to make inquiries as to the
circumstances of the death.
Tiie Coroner was notified early in the
day by the wife of the deceased that she
BU&pected foul play and 'hat the case was
one ior investigation. The deputy found
that Brown's wife had not lived with him
for two j'ears and that the physician wha
signed the certificate, a reputable practi
tioner, wr.s certain as to the cause of
death, which he stated to be spinal men
ingitis. No opposition was made to tLe
progress of the burial.
CARING FOR PENSIONERS.
Uncle Sam Win Have to Appoint a Spe
cial Agent for Their Accom
modation.
It will not be long before Uncle Sam will
be compelled to employ a special commis
sioner to care for the interests of the peu
sioners in San Francisco.
The list of incapacitated pensioners in
creases constantly, and there are now over
a hundred veterans and widows of veter
ans in this City who are physically unable
to appear in the office of the County Clerk
for the purpose of swearing to their
claims.
No provision i=i made by the Government
for taking the oaths of pensioners except
in tbe oilice of the County Clerk or in the
office of some other legally authorized pub
lic functionary, and consequently many
are made to Deputy County
Clerk J. B. Mulcahy for his attendance at
the residences of the pensioners in order
that they may be sworn. "Without that
formality they would not be in a position
to draw even the small stipend to which
they are entitled. In order to accommo
date the veterans Mr. Mulcahy has been
in the habit of going to their homes be
fore and after business hours. He says
that if the list of incapacitated pension
ers continues to grow in the future as it
baa in the immediate past he will hava
more of that Rind of worK than he can
attend to. Then the Government will be
called on to supply a special agent to at
tend to the wants of its superannuated
pensioners.
CARGO MAY BE LIBELED.
An Interesting Decision in Favor of
Sailor* by Judge Morrow.
Judge Morrow of the United States Dis
trict Court rendered a decision yesterday
in the case of J. T. Tibbal and others
against the American barkentine Marion
and her cargo, consisting of 850 barrels of
salmon, that is of interest to sailors.
The vessel shipped a crew for a fishing
cruise in northern waters, and on her re
turn was libeled by the sailors for their
■wages. The barkentine was sold by the
United States Marshal, but the proceeds of
the sale were not sufficient to pay the
claim-. Then the sailors libeled ncr cargo
on the ground that it belonged to the
owner of the vessel ana was liable for the
debts incurred on the trip.
Judge Morrow decided that the point
was well taken and that where vessel and
cargo are owned by the same parties the
cargo may be libeled to pay claims for sail
ors' wages.
To-Day'i Towu Talk.
Marriage and divorce are interestingly dis
cussed m Town Talk's editorial columns this
week; the Cnban situation is also reviewed
and other topics of timely Importance
handled. Among the more prominent literary
features of the issue is an illustrated article
from the pen of Dr. Morton Grinnell descrip
tive of tho journey of himself ana bride (nee
Jennie Catherwood) aloi>g the Nile. The views
are those taken by theOrinnell party en route,
reproduced in half-tone. The Saunterer'.i
department this week contains even more
than the cuitomary amount of breezy stories.
Quackenbush'* WiU.
The will of Thomas M. Quackenbush has
been filed. All ■' his estate is bequeathed to his
daughter, Mrs. Esther E. Swoufiguer. The
property is said *to be worth $750,000. Mrs.
Nancy Abbott claims to be the widow of the
testator by virtue of a contract marriage and
» I*l ileiaaud ft sliare ol lilt estate, ' : .
THE "EXAMINER"
TELLS MORE LIES
False Reports of the Build
ing Trades Council
Meeting.
Its Statements Rcundly De
nounced as Being
Untrue.
No R solutions Were Passei Con
demning "The Cal" by the
Aifi ia'ei Unions.
The Examiner made another effort yes
terday to break its own record as a faker
and falsifier, and to a considerable extent it
was successful. It failed, however, to this
extent, that a lie to be of any effect must
be well told.
In its report of the meeting of the
Building Trades Council, held at 915J^
Market street on Thursday evening, the
Examiner said:
Last night the Building Trade* Council
fully and by official act indorsed the resolu
tions of condemnation of the paper (The Call)
adopted by the Carpenters' Union of this
City.
This statement, was a falsehood made
out of whole cloth. No resolutions were
passed or adopted at that meeting con
demning The Call or indorsing tne action
of any union relative to that matter, and
the Examiner's two representatives, sent
to the meeting for the purpose of having
juch action taken, so that the Mission
jtreet sheet could make capital out of it,
were so informed.
The following emphatic denial of the
Examiner's story was made last night by
representatives of the Building Trades
Council:
BAN FKANCISCO, Marob 5, 1897.
To the Kditor: I desire to state that
the printers who visited the Interna
tional Amalgamated Sheet Metal Work
erg, Local >o. 21, on Wednesday even
ing, March 3, 1897, at Academy Hall,
827 Market street, showed no intent
nor purpose to convey the impression
that they in any way represented Typo
graphical I'nion No. 21, of the Inter
national Typographical Union, but
merely that they were individual mem
bers of The Call chapel, with no I
delegated power, and that they visited
us for the purpose of correcting a mis
state inent.
1 also desire to state that the same
gentlemen appeared before the Build
ing Trades Council on Thursday night,
and they were extended the courtesy of
the floor in a like manner to that of the
meeting of the Metal Workers, and they
conducted themselves in a like manner.
I also desire to state that no resolu
tions were passed by the Itnilding
Trades Council on Thursday evening,
Maroli 4, 1897, condemning or cemur
ing any newspaper or publication.
1 H. C. ttINCKEN,
Fresident Building Trades Council.
W. M. PAGK,
Secretary Building Trades Council.
Mr. t'age also made the following state
ment:
"I was present as one of the dele
gates of the Building Trades Council
at the meeting held at 915}^ Market
street on Thursday night, March 4,
1897, and as an individual and not as a
representative of that body I will state
a resolution wai presented by J. IV.
Koi«e in substance the same as the
one passed by Carpenters' Union No.
88, which he asked to have the Build
ing Trades Councit adopt. The council
decided not to take action, and referred
the matter to the several unions affili
ated.
" The statement made in this morn
ing's Examiner that the council in
dorsed those resolutions and con
demned The Call is false and without
foundation in fact. The council parsed
this matter without any action what
ever. Therefore the council cannot
take any action whatever until the sev
eral unions tako action on the matter,
to which all such must be referred.
" I make this statement voluntarily,
in ordnr to correct any injustice that
has been done to The Call, that has
always been friendly to labor acd
work ing men. "
♦
THE POLICE ON TOAST.
Served Up Hot for Carpentering
by the Carpenters' Union.
Police on toast, well browned, with
cayenne pepper sauce. That was the till
of fare at a feast of Union 22, Carpenters
and Joiners' Brotherhood of America,
held last evening.
Consideration of the police handling the
hammer and saw waa Drought about
directly by an article in the official weekly
report of Harry M. Saunders, the business
a<;entof this City for the carpenters and
joiners. The clause reads as follows:
O'Farrelland Devtsadero; new police sta
tion; three men finishing off the oflico and
lockers In their new bulld4ng; are on the po
lice force at the present time as regulars, aud
yet are engnged in doing carpenter work.
A heated discussion of tlje facts in this
clause of the official report ended in the
adoption by unanimous vote of the follow
ing resolution :
WnEREAS, The regularly appointed police
of this City and County have tor years past
been doing the carpentering work, the plumb
ing work, the tinning work, the painting and
decorating which sjiould be done by regular
mechanics, who are citizen* and taxpayers of
this community; and wnereas, we believe that
the appropriation made for tne Police Depart
ment is to meet, ■ the ; salaries of the
regularly appointed police officers, corporals,
sergeants, lieutenants, captains and Chief
while employed in ctolne regular police duty,
which is, we believe, t^e protection of the
citizens . and ' taxpayers of this .City; and
County; and, whereas. it is claimed by the
heads of . the department that no appropria
tion has been made to do . carpentering
or any other mechanical work, as afore
said mentioned in these resolutions; and
whereas, . we ■■' ■■ believe  that , under ; the
existing conditions the work now under course
of construction is paid for by money appropri
ated tor the payment of officers doing regular
police duty, and that if the appropriation thus
made is to be applied to the repairs of stations
or offices regular mechanics :■ should I be em
ployed, and the Police Department attend to
that duty for which they were created; there
fore, be it —.«.••
Besolved, That Union No. 22, Brotherhood of
Carpenters and Joiners of America, In regular
meeting assembled, do Hereby call upon his
Honor the Mayor and the Honorable Board of
Supervisors and th« Board of Police Commis
sioners to see ■to•■ it that this ag
gravating evil 'be eliminated from the
Police Department of this City and
County, thereby giving; the citizens and
taxpayers the protection and safeguard which
the law provide*, namely: police protection
while in their proper, capacity, and not in
workshops as ordinary mechanics; and be it
further ;i< ; - :Ki"~. ■-•.:.-..-. ;.-,-■•; -. : . ■-,
Jitsolred,Thn.t a copy oi these resolutions be
published in the daily press. ' - /;■:;.
.Business Agent Sauadera lias been mak
ing a directory of the City and handed in
a very encouraging report. It showed
that the building trade is fast reviving
nnd carpenters are fast being employed.
Tho number of idle men is few.
OAKNIVAL OP THE GOLDEN GATE
The Merchants' Association Sends a
Letter to the Committee*
Up to date about a third of the various
local organizations have signified their
intention of taking part in the festivities
attendant upon the holding of the Golden
Gate Carnival. In order to interest those
remaining, the carnival committee has
sent out reques'.a to the members asking
for prompt action, in order that the de
tails of tne parade may bo attended to in
due time.
The following letter from the pen of
President Dohrmann of the Merchants
Association was sent to the committee
yesterday:
One of the objects of the Merchants' Associa
tion is to encourage and assist such legitimate
enterprises as will tend to attract visitors to
San Francisco, who3e presence may add trade
to itio City and some ot whom may become
permanent residents.
The experience of cities where annual cnrnl
vals are held sliows thfit this form of public
divers-ion helps to enlarge the channels of
business and is a source ol innocent amuse
ment to the people.
The board of directors of the Merchants' As
sociation iherefore considers it a pleasant duty
to commend to the merchants and citizens of
San Francisco the propo<ed carnival of the
Golden Gate. We sincerely hope that the ear
nest efforts of its promoters will meet with
sufficient recognition and co-operation to in
sure a festival of tin: Highest credit and bene
fit to the City.
HIOKEY'S WIDOWS.
Both Were Divorced, but They Are
After His Estate.
In the estate of Emmet M. Hickey, de
ceased, Judge Coffey has handed down a
written opinion setting fortn the reasons
for vacating a former order settling the
account of the administrator.
Hickey had been married twice and
both times divorced. Mary Cummings,
formerly Mary Hicfcey, the woman who
was his first wile, presented a claim for
|660 for alimony, but this was compro
mised for $400, and its payment was al
lowed, and it was included in the adminis
trator's account as settled by the court.
Mary Hickey, the second divorced wife,
applied for a family allowance as widow
of the decedent, on the eround that the
decree had not been signed.
Subsequently an attorney was appointed
to represent the absent minor heirs, and
they by their attorney objected to the pay
ment of the $400 to Mrs. Mary Hickey-
Cummings on the ground that they were
not notified of her application, as was
their right.
Judge Coffey heard argument on this
point and h'naily decided that the position
taken by the minor heirs was correct, and
set aside the settlement of the adminis
trator's account. Tnis opens up the mat
ters of the entire estate and gives botli
divorced women and their children an
other opportunity to enter the struggle
for the estate.
MONUMENT COMMITTEE
The Work of Honoring Burns
Will Not Be Permitted to
Lack Interest.
Rules for Acquiring Funds Which
Those in Charge Will
Adhere To
A meeting of the "Robbie" Burns monu
ment committee was held Thursday night
at Scottish Hall, on Larkin street.
Chairman Boyd sta:ed from the num
ber of letters received by him from several
enthusiastic Scotchmen throughout the
State, volunteering assistance and askinsr
for instructions as to how to proceed to aid
the movement, there was little doubt in
his mind but the monument was a cer
tainty. But he had hesitated in answer
ing any of those communications until
such time as the executive committee had
been completed.
Similar information had been sought
from Secretary Lawson with the same re
sult as that stated by the chairman.
Secretary Lawson read the following
rules which had been adopted at the pre
vious meeting, They are as follows:
First— To receive subscriptions from mem
bets of the committee.
Second— To canvass the leading members of
the community for subscriptions in large
sums.
Third— To have subscription-books circu
lated throughout the Pacific Coast and make
efforts to secure popular subscriptions.
Fourth— The committee to arrange during
the coming year lor one or two entertain
ments in alii ot the fund. Said entertain
ments to be arranged upon a very large scale
and with the nope ol realizing a large sum of
money.
Filth — While the committee gratefully ac
knowledges the many courteous offers made,
it will accept no benefits tendered until after
the celebrations, directly on thuir own ac
count, shall nave been held.
This proved satisfactory to all present.
The following additional names were
presented for membership on the commit
tee: Robert Dickinson, United States,
manager and president of the Royal In
surance Company of London, with branch
oliices in San Francisco; James Dunn,
president and manager of the American
Biscuit Factory ; J. D. McGillivray, con
tractor and builuer of the Claus Spreckels
building on Marfcet iind Third streets;
James Spiers, president of the Fulton
Iron Foundry, ana the Rev. Dr. H. C.
Minton, pastor of Westminister Presbyte
rian Church.
Owin,' to the absence of some of the
committee, who were authorized to select
suitable names, the further consideration
of tilling up the committee was deferred
until the next meeting.
For the information of all who may de
sire to communicate with Secretary Law
son on the Burns monument matter, his
address is in the auditing department of
Wells, Fargo & Co., New Montgomery
street.
Letters of acceptance were received from
James Spiers and Dr. H. C. Minton, as fol
lows:
Fulton Engineering and)
Ship-Building Works, >
San Francisco, Feb. 27, 1897. >
J. F. Kennedy, Esq., U)5 Montgomery street,
City— Dear Sir: I am in receipt of your note
notifying me of my appointment on the Burns
monument committee. lam in full sympathy
with your object, but will not be able to give
U the time which I think it deserves. At the
same time, if you are willing to take what lim
ited services I can give, I will be pleased to ac
cept. Thanking you for your thinking of me,
1 remain yours truly. James Spiers.
San Anselmo, Feb. 25, 1897.
J. F. Kennedy, Esq.— Dear Sir: I am glad to
be able to snow my hearty Interest in the
Burns monument scheme by accepting a place
on the committee. My only regret is that I
shall be able to do so little to promote the
worthy object in contemplation.
It it is right to honor genius, then the Burns
monument should be magnificent Indeed.
Respectfully yours, H. C. Minton.
WEW TO-DAT.
The reason for fresh-
roastiing tea every day is: it
makes it good.
That's why Schilling's
Best is daintier and more
charming than any other tea
at anything like the price.
In packages at grocers'.
A Schilling A Company
touu JL-'runciacQ,
SCIENCE MARVELS
THAT HE LIVES
Strange Case of Edward
Bernard, an Injured
Laborer.
Falling Rock Crushes His Skull
While Working in a
Quarry
A Large Piece of Bone Removed— The
Patient Closely Watched by
Physic ars
Yesterday morning Edward Ber
nard was simply a common day
laborer, earning by the sweat of his brow
the pittance tiiat men of his class receive.
To-day he has reached distinction and if
watched far more carefully than many
whose destinies placed them in higher
places.
It is true that Bernard's road to fame
may also lead to death, for he is lying des
perately near the verge at the City and
County Hospital, yet ha is now a scien
tific marvel and attracts more attention
than any of the poor unfortunates who
are dependent on the City's medical refuge
for their chances of life.
Bernard worked for Warren & Malley.
the contractors, and was engaged with
many of his fellows in dragging; from its
bed of centuries the rock that is intended
to improve and beautify the streets of the
City.
Somehow— no one seems to assign any
reason except the rain — a huge bowlder
high up on the side of the quarry became
detached and rolled down upon the toil
ing workmen below.
The shout of warning that echoed
through the excavation on the hillside
either did not reach Bernard or he did not
gather its import, for the great stone
struck him on the left side and he fell, as
does the ox when struck by the butcher's
maul.
At the hospital, to which he was con
veyed as quickly as possible, the doctors
found that almost the entire left side of
bis head was crushed in, and they mar
veled that he lived.
Sharp instruments in the deft hands of
Drs. F. W. Dudley and C. H. Lowell
quickly laid bare the skull, and a jnece of
the bone 1% inches wide by 4% inches
long was removed. Considerable ol the
brain matter came with the splintered
bone, and yet Bernard lived to set at
naught the researches of science.
The shadow of death hovers over Ber
nard and may settle at any moment, yet
the fact that he has survived at all is con
sidered remarkable, and the patient will
be watched closuly in the benefit of sci
ence until death claims him or he re
covers.
Bernard is a single man, 35 years of age
and lives at 9 Hinckley alley. The report
of Dr. Dudley states that his injury is a
compound comminuted fracture of the
skull.
KEW TO-DAY.
A LETTER TO WOMEN
i — : — - )
From Mrs. James Oorrigan.
For seventeen years I have suffered.
Periods were so very painful that I
would have to go to the doctor every
month.
He said that I had an enlargement of
the womb, and told my husband that I
must undergo an Jj&atill ■
operation, as I had i^^l^j
tumors in the _\~ *9
womb, and it y^fjtjf^
was a case of f /SW/'7/j}P£^^ L
life or death, I •-, ■jjpj^ 0
I was ope- x^JKiO^ 31
rated upon /^y%&W^^J
twice, but it 1 / yyw/f^^^Mk^
did not seem f;V^w^^^%\*^^H|
\todo me any 1^ / \^fl^L
good, it made J A X^|lL
me very weak, ■ ; /] \-\H
I was troubled Bi '.' 11 \\\h|
with the leu-JBJ V ft Y|*^V
corrhoea a 09 V // ' \] IP
sick headache, j~ |«*sS==a2^^ %
ache all the
time, terrible pain in my left side, chills,
loss of appetite, and could not sleep
nights. After taking several bottles of
Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Com-
pound, some Liver Pills, and using your
Sanative Wash, I recovered.
I can eat well, and every one that
sees me tells me I am a -different per-
son. I can do all my own work, sleep
well and feel well. I am growing
stronger every day, and am able to go
out and enjoy a walk and not feel all
tired out when I return, as I used to. . I
doctored for sixteen years, and in all
those years I did not feel as well as I do
at the present time. I wish that every
woman that is troubled as I was, would
try that medicine. Oh ! it is so good
to feel well, and it is all owing to Mrs.
Pinkham's kind advice and medicine.
—Mrs. Abies Cor rig an, 284 Center St.,
Jamaica Plain, Mass.
KEW TO-DAT— AMUSEMENTS-
BUSH^ST. THEATER.
Gko. E. Crater Jr ...Lessee and Manager
. Week Beginning Monday, March 8.
SATURDAY AND SUNDAY MATINEES
ARABIAN"^
With MISS ESSIE TITTLE and a powerful East-
ern Company.
10c, 20c and 30c. No higher.
THE CHUTES.
EVERT AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
Grand performance on the open-air stage
SFBOIALi ! V" ,-
FREE POCKET RIHETOSCOPES
To Children To-Day and To-Morrow.
ADMISSION, lOc. CHILDREN, sc.
INTERNATIONAL
Tug - of - "\PS7~etJr
TOURNAMENT. .
Mechanics' Pavilion, February 27 to March 6.
10 NATIONS CONTESTING.
- United States, Canada, Ireland, :
: Germany. ' Sweden, France, ■
Norway, Italy, . Denmark,
i.t ;:•••--'^-V^.r ;,-v -.'■•'"'■•.- Scotland. ■ .
All the Teams Will Full Each Night.
L Aduii?alvu, boo, sicasou XlcKets, »3.
KEW TO-DAY.
r^r\D^Miies'
i is great V llpoV-f
» danger in \ II V til I
£ heart dis- \ p uvfk
J ease. It ends \ \j\\l C
*lifeassuddenly\ Restores
* as the guillotine. \ Health
* Thousands have \ f;t
* it who never suspect it. j
* The victim is generally ♦
> forewarned but fails to ♦
% heed it. Dr. Miles' New
5 Heart Cure will cure it. }
At All drugejsts sell it. Free book,"New "#
,&> and Startling Facts," at druggists or ♦
* Dr. Miles Medical Co., Elkhart, Ind. 4
HEW TO-DAY— AMUSEMENTS.'
BALDWIN THEATER.
liUi«iu.\ iS Co. ( Incorporated) I'ropci4;j:i
ONLY 7 NIGHTS MORE.
MATINEE TO-DAY.
JAMES A. HERNE
In Ms own beautiful play
SHORE ACRES
CALIFORNIA THEATER -SPECIAL.
Regular Sale for Single Operas Begins
THIS MOKMQ AT 9 O'CLOCK,
Opening Opera. Wednesday, March 10, Trova-
tore, to be followed by (in the or.U-r named)
1/Africaine, Faust, Miss, llelyett, Sigurd (new).
Wedding of Jeannette and Cava'lena Hustlcana
(double bill), La Juive, Voyage of Suzette, Hugue-
nots, Drnjrons de Vlllars and La >>avaralse (new).
Prices— sl to $3.
SEATS READY FOR ALL ABOVE.
tWOLATiaCiLOOmOD Vo" u»tjA.narwiA6Lß4-"
Only Matinee This Afternoon 1
:E«.A.:Kr:iNnr rice's
Great Big lilt,
A FLOWER GIRL OF PARIS!
An Excellent Musical Comedy.
Last Performance Sunday Night.
Monday Next,
JOSEPH HAWORTH, 
Supported by MARGARET CRAVEN and a
Powerful Company, in
"RUY BLAS" & "A MAN OF THE WORLD."
Seats Now on Sale.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSS
MKthUBNKaTiX!! Kw-r.iN-t. Proprietor A Manager
THE GILBERT AND SULLIVAN SEASON!
TO-NIGHT!
Their Original Japanese Opera,
IS/L
ISL
w£3km
x>
o
AS POPULAR AS EVER!
Next Week-"PIN AFORE."
Popular Prices — 25c and sOc
MOROSCO'S
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
WAJLTKK M0805C0...5019 Lessee ami Alaaif*:
INITIAL PKODUCTION IN BAN FRANCISCO
Of the Racing Comedy Drama,
■THE DERBY MASCOT!
REAL RACEHORSES! REAL JOCKEYS!
RRAL BLACK PICKANINNIES!
Songs, Dances and Specialties:
Evening: Prices— lOc, 25c and sOc.
' Matinees Saturday anil Sunday.
MATINEE TO-DAY (SATURDAY).
Parquet, any seat, 25c; Balcony, any sea;, uj.
Children, 10c, any part.
A MASS OF MIRTH AND MUSIC!
WATERBL'KY BROTHERS and TENNY, Mu-
sical Comedians. DUDLEY PRESCOTT, the
"Human Brass Band." BARNEY FaUAN and
HENKIETTA BYRON, Farce Comedians.
TheFINNEYS. Champion Swimmers. HAVES,
LYTTON & HAYKfci, in "The Talkative Man."
Cireat Lyric Stars, (Suiixk, A£RlKu», NaPo
I.KHM and Miss Cotte. etc. ' _^^
■ I Al^ini MATINEE TO-DAY
A I I.A/lIR hi 8 o'clock.
HLUHLHIII EVENING AT 8.
Th» Brilliant Comedy,
"ara"sT PROXY!"
The Neatest Play s-een In Yean!
The Entire Alcazar Company, including,
GEORGE OSBOURNE
and HUGO TOLAND.
Our Regular Prices! Telephone for seats. BlacK 091
O'Farrell street, near Stockton.
; San Francisco' Family Concert Hall.
Week of Monday, March 1, .
The Best Varied and Breeziest Muslc&l Hill Ever
Offered In the City. Hear the Realistic Indian
War Dance by HEKK STARK and
THE VIENNA ORCHESTRA.
JH-Grand Concert. Every Evening at » o'clock.
GOLDEN GATE HALL.
! This (Saturday) Afternoon at 3 o'clock.
TREBELLI'S
LAST MATINEH.
Next Tuesday Night at 8:15,—
THESEIjXjI'S
Farewell Conckht. Haicnlflcent Programme.
Bozofilce Sherman, Clay & Ca's. f 1 and 50&
PACIFIC COAST JOCKEY CLUB
(INGLESIDE TRACK).
The only tenect Winter Haceiracs m Amerlo*.
RACING t^^ RACING
Racing From Monday, Feb. 22, to Satur-
day , March <;, Inclusive.
Five or More Races Daily, Rain or Shine.
FIRST KACK AT % V. M.
Take f-onttiern Pacific : trains at Thirl an!
Townsend sts. depot, leaving at 1 and 1:20 f. it
Fare for Hound i Trip, Includlug A4-
mission to Grounds, 91.00.
TaKe ailssion-st. electric line direct to tracx.
The Mm A Chandon White Seat Stakes . Moo-
day, February 22.
The t-enreiber Stakes Saturday, February 27.
The Crocker Stakes Saturday. March 6.
:-..;. A. I;. bl'KKCivKLtik l J resldeat
W. a Lkakk, secretary. • ■ :
METROPOLITAN TEMPLE.
SUNDAY NIUHT.. 3 O'clock
- An Kvangelist of Catholic Apostolic Church.
Address on the "Second Coming: of Christ."
: ADMISSION fkee —
SUTRO BATHS.
FINE . VKOGRAMME.
Grand Concert livery Sunday Afternoon.
General Admission, iVc; Children, 50,
7FIELD OF SPORT.
Getting Ready for a Trip to Carson— The Gun,
Rod and Rifle.
The rain has interfered with all lines of
outdoor sport. The tug-of-war 'at the Pa
vilion has been well attended. The wheel
men are training for the big indoor tour
nament, which promises to be a great
affair. The sports are getting ready to
depart for Carson. Anglers and marks
men are enjoying themselves.
.-t-.-r ♦ . .
THE WHEELMEN.
League Secession Movement Grow
ing Steadily— Coming: Indoor
Tournament.
The return of Chief Consul Kerrigan of
the North California Division, League of
American Wheelmen, and his experiences
at the National assembly and opinion re
garfline the course to be pursued since the
Sunday racing amendment was defeated,
as told in The Call yesterday, has aroused
interest in league affairs and created con
siderable talk around the clubs yesterday.
The meeting of the board of officers, to be
held this evening at the rooms of the Bay
City Wheelmen, will be well attended and
its action is awaited with interest. "To
secede, or not to secede, " that is the ques
tion with the league wheelmen, ana the
Bentiment prevails that if the league will
not sanction Sunday racing in some way,
secession will be the best thing, for the
good of the sport in this State.
Bearings prints another clever editorial
on the subject this week in which it says:
Seven is not a large number. Still, when the
seven happen to be the seven members of the
L. A. W. racing board, men who have had
every opportunity to form accurate judgment
on what is for the best interests of racing in
America, and when the seven report unani
mously on a subject, it would seem as il the
delegates to the National assembly would not
have gone far astray if tuey had accepted the
ISAAC B. POTTER, President of the League of American
Wheelmen,
judgment of the seven as the best solution of
ihe problem under discussion. The action of
the assembly In defeating the Sunday racimg
mea-ure seems the more strange when it Is
taken into consideration that those who advo
cated Sunday racing were not attempting to
force it on the whole country, but merely asked
that each State be allowed to settle the ques
tion for itself.
Had the question come up with less substan
tial backing itt) fate might be considered the
tame as the fate of scores of other quos that
have been defeated by the honorables.the dele
gates to the National assembly. Its backing
■was and Is too good, however, to permit the
question to be lost sight of. It had the unani
mous indorsement of the racing board, was
advocated by a large number of delegates who
caw the racing interests of their various local
ities at stake, and was backed by a large ma
jority of track-owners and responsible race
meet promoters, not to mention the entnusi
astlc support of the racing men themselves.
Those who opposed the measure and still op
pose it— for the measure, although killed by
the National assembly, is still a very lively
corpse— are trying to belittle the movement.
They assert that the threatened secession of
the Western and Southern Slates is all bluff
and bluster and will amount to nothing. They
assume that the league, like the king, can do
no wrong. They are either willfully misrepre
senting or are woefully mistaken. Tne news
columns of this issue of Bearings will testify
to the widespread disaffection. This Is a ques
tion that will not down. Sunday racing is
bound to win.
The Imperial Cycling Club's ten-mile
road race will start at li o'clock to-mor
row morning at High street, Fruitvale,
weather permitting. The entries and
handicaps were given in Ihe Call yester
day.
The Olympic Club Wheelmen alto have
a ten-mile try-out on the cards for to
morrow. From the showing made in this
ride some of the members of the club's re
lay team will be picKed.
The League Bullatin says in the last
issue:
James D. Pbelan, the very popular Mayor of
Ban Francisco, has further his
correct estimates of men and measures by be
coming a member of the L. A. W. In this im
portant acquisition to the league membership
the Narth California Division may well feel a
sense of pride, in which ihe entire organization
may happily share.
A three weeks' indoor cycle tournament
is to be conducted in the Mechanics' Pa
vilion, commencing Saturday evening,
March 20, under the management of D G.
Snaler.
For some time past there has been doubt
as to whether any indoor meet would Oh
given this year. Tne San Francisco
Amusement Company inteaded to give
one, and secured W. B. Fawcett of the
Velodrome as manager. Fawceit's un
popularity with the racing men, however,
stood in the way, as most ot the promi
nent professionals declined to ride at any
meet with which he was connected. The
company has now secured the ,«ervices of
Shafer, the noled trainer and manager,
and the meet is assured. The racing men
all like Shafer. He ban a string of men
under his charge now, consisting of
LoUL'head, Ziegler, McFarland, Borse.
Stevens and Morris, all Eastern cracks,
and Wells, the XerriiJs, and other fast lo
c:il men. To this contingent will be added
Jimmy Michael, the Welsh champion, the
most remarkable performer in competition
ami at record-Drt-aking ever known.
M'Chaei will ieave Ch'cago for this City
next Monday.
For the three weeks $9000 in prizes will
I c hunj; un . which is not too much when
the iiiu'h class of the men who will com
pete is considered. There will be events
at a.l distances from a hall-mile up to
twenty- four hours.
Bt-si les the aggregation now here, which
is by far the greate-t array of racing tal
ent ever quartered on the coast, Bald,
Cooper, Gardiner, Eaton and Staruuck
are expected. Bald and Cooper led tbu
list of champion professionals of last year,
Gardiner was close to them, Eaton is
called the "indoor king" by reason of his
remarkable rides on small indoor tracks,
and Starbuck is the champion long-dis
tance rider of the world. The latter will
be the favorite in the twenty-four-hour
race.
An eight-lap track will be constructed in
the Pavilion, similar in shape to the one
of last year, only much safer and faster.
Snafer says a miie in 1:50 will be possible
on it, and he says that Michael can reel
off miles at that clip sitting up. His
record of five miles in 9:12 is ample proof
of this.
The Bay City Wheelmen will hold a
five-mile handicap road race on Sunday,
March 14, and a ten-miie try-out the fol
lowing Sunday, to select the club's team
for the coming relay race.
The State circuit meet at Dixon
scheduled for Wednesday had to be post
poned owing f> the rain, and the meet on
the cards for Woodland to-day will also
have to be put off, as the track is in poor
condition. The San Jose meet on March
10 is not affected, as the track there is of
cement.
The meets will be under the direct con
trol of the prominent local wheelmen.
Among those invited to officiate who have
alrea'ly accepted are Wilbur F. Knapp as
announcer, Robert C. Lenniu as starter,
and George P. Wetroore as timer and F.
H. Kerrigan as judge. Their indorse
ment of the meet is sufficient guarantee
for the riders themselves. Some have sug
gested that a three weeks' meet would be
too long, but Shafer says that he will have
so many novelties to present that the time
will be short enough, and he promises to
piv." the people racing which for spirit,
dash and excitement they have never seen
the like of here. Shafer is an old hand at
the business, and as he has the confidence
of the racing men he can probably do
what he says.
C. M. Smith of the Garden City Cyclers,
San Jose, has completed final arrange
ments with the Southern Pacific Com
pany whereby he is to ride a mile paced
by a locomotive, a performance similar to i
that of E. E. Anderson, near St. Louis,
who covered the distance in 1:03 in the
attempt. The date has been set for May
2, and the ride will take place at Lawrence
station, between Maylield and San Jose.
The snace between the track will be
boarded for three miles, thus allowing a
mile in which to get a eood flying start
and another mile to slow up in. Smith
says he expects the momentum will be so
great that after the mile is covered he will
be carried the next quarter in 18 seconds;
that 54 seconds for a mile is possible be
hind a tram, and he expects to do it in 58
seconds at the first trial.
Eddie Bald banked $12,500 last year,
and now Tom Cooper wants $5000 of* that
amount and Tom Butler would like about
the same in a match race, according to
Bearings. Bald may find a chance to
double his money here or lose all, and
Bald is not the man to back down with
such chances. From what has been said
this ii just the chance that Eddie Is look
ing for, and both Toms will receive recog
nition at an early date. A. D. Kennedy
of Chicago will probably be Bald's team
mate this year, both under Asa Windle,
manager. They are expected in California
very shortly.
Meade Mitchell Shields, a well-known
wheelman of Los Angeles, formerly of
this City, is in town on a visit.
Louisville track-owners contemplate
giving a complimentary brassard for the
season. This brassard will entitle the
holder to $5 daily while in his possession,
and will be competed for weekly at mati
nee races. Beside this the Velodrome
shield, carrying with it |10 a week, looks
very, very small.
The Yosemite Cyclers and the Inde
pendent Cavalry held a joint entertain
ment and ball last Saturday evening at
the armory, 28 Golden Gate avenue. The
affair wns well attended and very enjoy
able. The Yosemite Cyclers is a club re
cently started and has grown with sur
prising rapidity. Spalpikg.
RING AND GLOVE.
Judging by Performances Corbett
Should Beat Fitzslmmons.
The heavy-weight championship battle
between Jamei J. Corbett and Robert
Yarum Fitzsimmons is now close at hand,
and the -porting world is looking lorward
to the forenoon of March 17, for upon
that memorable day a championship will
be won and lost. .
Wtio is going to win? that is a question
that is being asked by thousands of peo
ple daily and answered In many ways.
The same question was asked by as many
people when Corbatt fought Sullivan, but
the answer coming from nine out of ten
ot the supposed authorities on fisticuffs
wan — Sullivan, of course.
Corbett at that time was a comparative
ly unknown quantity, and the wise
acres who were reminded of tha Jackson
and Corbett tis-ht and the grand perform
ance of the youngster in front of an old
ring general, who had seen ana conquered
many, did not affect or chunge in the
least the opinions ot those who had Sulli
van on the brain.
Weil, what was the result? The youne
and clever fellow who had already formed
an idea of what the then great pugilist of
the age was capable of accomplishing,
havinir had a short set-to with Sullivan in
the Grand Opera-house when the king of
the punchers was on a visit to this City,
quietly informed his friends that Sullivan
was "easy gnme." Corbett remarked to a
prominent member of the Olympic Club
after the maicli was consummateu/'Why,
Sullivan can't hit me. I can just jab him
to death."
He was true to his word. The bisr fel
low defeated himself by swinging his
ponderous fists and musing thai will-o'
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MARCH 6, 1897.
tbe-wisp-like head of the Califorman,
which was here and there, but not in the
spot where Sullivan wanted it to be at tbe
time and times he intended knocking it
off its owner's shoulders and out of the
Of course, if Sullivan had landed on
Corbett as he had landed on other men.
Pompadour James would not have been
enjoying the sunshine of his wife's smiles
in chilly Carson.
The Call was the only paper west of
the Rocky Mountains that predicted suc
cess for Corbett, and in a column article
descriptive of tbe men its reasons for so
doing were given.
Now, a man, Fitzsinynons by name,
who is a better general than Suilivan, and
one who can strike probably as heavy a
blow as the Boston boy, is anxiously look
ing forward to the 17th in»t., for on that
day he is booked to meet in a passage-at
arms a native son who has lived like a
prince and who has been hale fellow well
met ever since the time he conquered the
pet of the pugilistic world.
Will Fitz win ? Ah, there's where the
shoe pinches. If the Cornishman can
land either of the sledge-hammer fists he
carries as self-defenders on Corbett's jaw
it is safe to say that he will be crowned
the facile prfneeps of the prize-ring by
the thousands of sport-lovers who will
witness the battle.
But will Corbett give Robert the oppor
tunity of bringing the contest to a speedy
conclusion by exposing his jaw or any
other vulnerable spot as a target to be
shot at is another very importantquestion
that must not be lost sight of.
Corbett is unquestionably a great ring
general and a very close observer. He
will go tit Fitzsimmons as carefu.ly as a
cat when about to spring on a mouse.
His maneuvers in front of ihe Cornisb
rnan will be flashlike and puzzling. Fitz
will doubtless be on nis guard, and will
wait for tne attack which in aii proba
bility will come from tne Corbett battery,
then the game will be on, and if Co-bett
should conclude to enter into a give-and
tnke proposition the battle will assuredly
have an early termination, as tbe Cornish
man will doubtless drop bis game, as it is
in close-range fighting he inflicts heavy
damage.
But Corbett will not cut out any such
line of battle witn Fitzsimmons. He will
jab and get away and clinch when tie is
cornered. Possibly Fitzsimmons will take
the aggressive part. Should he do so,
then the spectators will see some very
pretty foot and head work on the part of
Corbett.
The Californian will resort to all man
ner of tricks to arouse the ire of his oppo
nent, who when "rattied" is a very wild
hitter and loses all control of his tbinking
box. Certainly, if Corbett should succeed
in "rattling" Fitzsimmons the latter will
go down and out, and James can then
congratulate himself on the fact that there
are no further fields to conquer, as it is
acknowledged the world over that Fiiz
simmons is the only living man who
has any license to enter a ring against
Jim Corbett.
It is presumed that both men are in
goou condition, or will be on the day of
the battle. Making that allowance for ar
gument sake the only true line that can
be drawn in figuring upon the result is
from the records of the men. The ques
tion now arises: Can Fitzsiramons whlD
the men whom Corbett defeated— that is,
if they were physically as able to do battle
now as when they faced the victor? The
The same question can be reversed and
applied to Corbett, and it will bo found
that, although the Cornishman has to his
credit the greater number oi scalps, Cor
bett has achieved the greatest victories.
Here are the records of important battles
the aspirants for the championship have
to their credit:
Corbett defeated Joe Choynski on June
5, 1889, at Benicia, in twenty-seven rounds.
Tno men used driving cloves ana Ccrbett
cut his opponent to pieces. The contest
took place on a barge. This was Corbett's
first encasement of any note. He next
whipped Dare Campbell in ten rounds.
He besied Jake Kilrain at New Orleans in
six rounds. In 1891 he fought a draw with
Peter Jackson, the contest ending in the
sixty-first round. Then he had a friendly
sparring four-rouna bout with Suliivan at
the Grand Opera-house, from which he
got a line on the big fellow. After engag
ing in sparring bouts with Jim Hall and
others he met and defeated Sullivan in
twenty-one rounds on September 7, 1892,
at New Orleans. He next whipped Charley
Mitchell in Jacksonville, Fla., in three
rounds. He was matched to fight Fitz
sjiiumons on October 31, 1895, but the con
test had to be declared off. His four
round contest with Tom Sharkey is too
well known for comment.
Fitzsimmons had several contests in
Australia before he arrived in this coun
try, but he carried with him one blot on
his escutcheon which will always darken
his record as a prize-tichter. His defeat
by Jim Hall in four rounas, on February
10, 1890, in Sydney will not soon be for
gotten oy Fi;zsimmon3 and his backers.
Fitz has intimated to tiis friends that he
could have, whipped Hall, but being on
his uppers at the time he took a licking
for cash. His principal fi»hts in this
country were against Billy McCarthy of
Australia, whom lie defeated in nine
rounds in May, 1890, before the old Cali
fornia Club; Arthur Upham in New Or
leans, who wasjknocked out in Jive rounds;
Jack Dempsey, who lasted thirteen
rounds; Peter Maher in New Orleans, who
was knocked out in twelve rounds; Joe
Godfrey, who was knocked out in the first
round. Jim Hall and Fitz met again on
March 8, 1893, in New Orleans, and Hall
went to sleep in the fourth roui>d. Fiiz
fought a five-round draw with Choynski
June 17, 1894, in Boston, Mass." He
knocked Dan Creedon out in the second
round in New Orleans on September 26,
1894 He whipped Peter Maher in less
than two minutes in Texas, and then he
met Torn Sharkey in Mechanics' Pavilion
and was defeated oy the referee
It will be seen that the hardest fights
the Cornishman encared in were against
Billy McCarthy, Jack Dempsy, Joe Choyn
ski, Peter Maher and Tom Sharkey.
If any of the above-named pugilists
were now booked to light Corbett to a fin
ish, the betting would be at least two to
one in favor of Corbett, but because Fitz
simmons polished off his opponents with
such consummate ease, the sporting fra
ternity are of the oninion that he will
prove a hard game for Corbett, as the lat
ter is supposed to have been physically on
the retrograde for ?ome years.
If Corbett is really in anything like the
form he was when he whipped Sullivan,
he should certainly defeat Fitzsimmons',
as the Cornishman wouid nut be in the
race in a contest to a finish with such
men as Sullivan and Jackson when they
had seen better days.
In fact Fitzsimmons would not dream
of meeting Peier Jackson in a contest to a
finish at the time that Corbett faced the
colored gladiator, although he was older
and had more experience than the Cali
fornian at the time.
On form Corbett should win, provided
he is physically able to no the distance.
The nonsensical reports circulated about
Corbett's inability to inflict, punishment
are not worthy of notioe. He can hit and
hit hard, too, when the opportunity will
present itself for a good opening shot;
but all clever men are careful and do not
waste ammunition in punching holes in
the atmosphere.
The result of the fight depends on Cor
bett's condition.
THE ANGLER.
Deputy Fish Commissioners Will
Patroi the Coast Streams.
The recent heavy rains will interfere
with rishing in tide waters, but with a
spell of line weather the streams will soon
be in condition for angling.
Last Sunday live or six inrge fish were
caught at Point Reyes, and during the
week smtUl fishes were plentiful.
It is reported that the boys who reside
at the -White House," Point Reyes,
stretch topes across the big pool for the
purpose of capturing Looks and leaders
which the anglers lose whe.: fishine for
steelheads. Means will be used to stop
this iit tie scheme. The boys have been
prompted by people who should know
better than to interfere with the sport of
anglers, who ar° a benefit to that part of
the country.
Tau Fish Commissioners have appoint-
BERKELEY, Cat,., March s.— Berkeley's prospects for success in the coming
intercollegiate baseball contests nave assumed a brighter aspect than at the opening
of the season by the appearance on the scene of a cracfc pitcher in the person of J. B.
Bykes, a student in the law department and a veteran player on the diamond. Sykes
is looked upon as a powerful man in the box and a heavy player on bases. He Is a
tower of strength, standing 6 feet 3 inches in height and weighing 190 pounds
stripped. His name is not unfamiliar to lovers of the National game, for he has
pitched for the Olympic, the University and the San Francisco Boys' High School
teams. Tbe last •work ne did of any mention was five years ago, when he pitched
for the Berkeley team through one season. He has been training regularly during
the last few months and is now twirling a swift, steady ball. He comes over to
Berkeley from San Francisco twice a week for practice with the 'varsity. Old players
consider him much superior to Morden, who held down the box for Berkeley last
season. Wheeler of the dental college is back at his old place behind the bat.
A rumor has been circulated that Syfces is a professional, but he says that the
story has no foundation in fact, and that he has his amateur papers.
On account of the rainy weather practice at Berkeley has been very light this
week, but most of the men have done more or less training in the "gym 1 ' and at light
fielding.
Ed a deputy, with instructions to patrol
the coast streams from now until the
opening of the trout-tishing season —
April 1. As the law is now very strict re
garding the killine'of steelneads by means
of spears and explosives, it is pre-umed
that some of the country people, who
never keep themselves informed by read
ing the papers, will have to suffer for their
ignorance of the law. The Commission
ers are determined to make examples ot
the law-breakers.
TRACK ATHLETICS.
Lowell High School Inter-Class
Field-Day at Olympic Grounds
This Afternoon.
The boys of the Lowell High School will
hold their regular inter-class tield-day this
afternoon, ram or shine, at the Olympic
Club grounds, beginning at 2 o'clock.
The class of '97, the class of '98 and the
class of '99 will compete.
Benecia, March 5, 1897.
Editor Call: Since the inauguration of the
field-day exercises in the army many candi
dates have appenred on the iield of action and
have met their Waterloo at a very early stage
In the game.
However there is one who hat remained in
the field dll the time without being defeated
and that is Sergeant P. O'Marie, Benicla Bar
racks Dark Horses. O'M&rie is still in the ring
and champion in tha following events: 50
--yard dash. 100-yard dash, 220-yard dash, 440
--yard dash, 880-yard run, one-mile run, 120
--yard hurdle race, 220-yard hurdle race, potato
race. He will undoubtedly make things in
terestintr for the swift boys in blue at the de
partment contests in the Presidio on April 19.
THE YACHTSMEN.
The Tlburon Bridge to Be Opened
on March 21.
The yacht owners of the Corinthian
Yacht Club will meet some time next
week to fix the cruises for the year and
also decide on the instructions to be given
to the delegates to the Pacific Inter- Club
Yacht- Placing Association.
At a meeting of the board of directors
of the Corinthian Yacht Club the follow
ing gentlemen were appointed delegates
to the Pacific Inter-Club Yacht-Racing
Association:
Mr. Hopps, chairman of the regatta
committee; Will Brook, owner of the
Witch, and Fred Cook of the Harpoon.
Thomas Miller, the well-known Corin-
Sergeant P. CKMarie, the Sprinter,
thian, is having a new boat built. Miller
lormeriy sailed on the Clara. Early in the
present winter season he let a contract
with Frank Stone to build him a 22-foot
sloop. The new boat will be ready for the
opening of the season.
Secretary Eu Lathrop of tbe Corinthians
is responsible for the statement that the
bridee inclosing the lasoon at Tiburon
will open March 21. The season of 1897
will open on the 24th of April. In the
afternoon the members will invite their
lady friend* to tl.e clubhouse, where there
will be dancing. In the evening the
ladies will be escorted to the ferry-beat
and then tbe boys will return to the club
house and i aye a "Corinthians' l<:w
jinks." The HPdson wili close October Id.
The yacht Eiia will be chartered by
Frank Ames this year. Ed Lathrop, his
former sailing partner, has chartered the
large sloop Pride.
Louis Hart, formerly of the Cornelia,
baa chartered tbe small sloop Pride,
J. B. SYKES.
Louis has bought a range and, it is said,
intends to keep warm himself as well as
other things. -
— — —
THE OARSMEN.
Busy Times Around the South
Ends' Boathouse.
At the last meeting of the South End
Rowing Club it was decided to enter four
crews in the carnival regatta — two senior
crews, an intermediate crew and a junior
crew, *
The senior barge race ought to be one of
the greatest events ever witnessed on this
coaat, as every club on the bay will par
ticipate.
The Olympic Club will be represented
for the first time in this race, and they
will have an opportunity of testing their
new barge. The Dolphin boys are doing
all in their powsr to organize a senior
crew, and it is hoped that tney will be
successful, as they have the material for a
ureat crew. The Stocktons, Pioneers and
Arlels will enter the same crews that
rowed in the Stock'on rogatta.
The new South Ends' intermediate crew
is doing excellent work and wiJl take a
practice spin with the senior crew on Sun
day morning.
On Saturday afternoon Frank Burke,
Archie Campbell, M. Tiernan and Joe
Campodonico visited the battL-sbip Ore
gon and had a hard row home against the
tide. Hereafier they will wait for the
Orison to visit them.
Frank Duplis?ea has purchased Jim
Foley's shell and has begun training for
the whaleboat regatta, to be given by the
Naval Battalion in the latter Dart of May.
Gus Carson's smiling conntenance was
greeted once more at the baathouse last
Sunday morning. His only desire is to
have another race with the Stockton
Giants, and he says he will then die
ha i py.
All the organized crews will visit the
Dolphins on next Sunday morning.
The baseball game between the Dol
phins and the South Ends has been set
for Sunday, March SQL The proceeds will
go to charity.
BASKETBALL.
Schedule of Games Arranged by
the League Committee.
The executive committee of the new
Basketball League has arranged the follow
ing schedule of games to be played by dif
ferent teams of the Oakland and San Fran
cisco Young Men's Christian Association:
Qames to be played in San Francisco: March
12, Rushers vs. Ninety-sevens; March 19,
Ninety-sevens vs. Business Men; March 23,
Cyclones vs. Ninety-seveus; April 1, Athens
vs. Cyclones; April 8, Cyclones vs. Business
Men; April 15, Athens vs. Business Men; April
22, Rushers vs Cyclones; April 29, Athens vs.
Rushers; May G, Rushers vs. Business Men;
MaylS, Ninety-sevens vs. Athens; May 20,
Rushers vs. Ninety-sevens; May 27, Ninety
sevens vs. Business Men.
I Games to be played at Oakland: March 11,
Athens vs. Business Men; March 18, Rush
ers vs. Cyclones; March ■ 25, Athens vs.
Rushers; April 2, Business Men vs. Rushers;
April 9, Athens vs. Ninety-Sevens; April
16th. Ninety-Sevens vs. Rushers; April 30,
Ninety-Sevens- vs. Cyclones; May 7, Cy
clones vs. Athens; Mar 14, Business Men
v?. Cyclones; May 21, Athens vs. Business
Men; May 28, Cyclones vs. Rushers.
The Business Men's team (San Fran
cisco) will line up as follows:
. Position Name. . '--' £i. Weight.
Left forward T. M. Goodrich..... 144
Bight forward ..Louis Titus » 160
Lett center..... :....CJ. Anger (capt.) 145
Center. .W. Wilson ............. 146
Right center.. ...... Chris Bernhard. 132
Leftbnck ......H. C. White Jr. 148
Klghtback F. S. Botzer. ; 158
substitutes — A. A. Peterson, R. Homer (man
ager), W. P. Hansel!, James Kverding and W. G.
Ward. / .
1 The following men are to form the
Ninety-Seven team, San Francisco: •
Position. Name. • Weight.
J.e.tforward T. T. Tompklns (capt.) 140
Right forward .H. A. Percy 175
Left center ......G. K. Townseud ...'.. 120
Center.... ......... .H. P. Ward....... 136
I.kli! center... W, D. Uehay......... 160
Leftback.... ...C. F. P. Plarrer 145
Rightback;. ...... C. J. Jurie5. ....;..... 146
' Substitutes — C C Young (manager), F. T.
Finch. ■.■;•.-' - '" • .
The Rushers (San Francisco) are com
posed of the following players: Edgar L.
Spacher, Daniel Noonan, W. T. Mitchell,
Daniel Hanrahan (captain). W. 'W.
Harder, Ernest Fleischer, Fred L. Shaw
(manager), T. Simpson,— R. H. Marchant
Jr., John Darnies, Horace Guitard and
Herbert Morton. I
The Athens (Oakland) will play the fol
lowing m<D: F. Edwards, H. Muller, W.
Rode, 8. Bennett, J. Lancaster (manager),
P. Bock. W. B. We«t (captain), H. Lan
caster, P. Arlett, C. C. Gilbert and F.
Criss.
The Cyclones of Oakland have entered
these names: Herman * Lauslen, mana
ger; E Iward W bit man, Henry ' Mohr,
Herman Vockel, G. Leiter, Charles Smilie,
•Cnarles T. :Zein, Percy Walker, Jack
•Price, Kenneth A. Ke-r, captain ; E. C.
Lyon, E. C. Brown and J. Clark. :
The scores of games played so far are:
Rushers of San Francisco v-. Athens of
Oakland,- 9— 16; Cyclones of Oakland vs.
'97" ? of San ; Francisco, 12—6; Athens of
Oakland vs. Cyclones of . Oakland, 20—3;
Business Men of San Francisco vs. Rush
Pozzoni's Complexion
Powder produces a soft and beautiful skin;
it combines every element of beauty and
purity .
ers of San Francisco, 16—3; Cyclones of
Oakland vs. .Business Men of San Fran
cisco, 6 — 24.
Great interest is being manifested in
this series of games for the championship.
ROWING.
How the Oarsmen Are Enjoying
Themselves.
Fine weather and calm water attracted
the members of tne South End Rowing
Club iast Sunday morning.
The new senior crew, under the direc
tion of Captain Thomas, took one of their
usual long rows to the Dolphin boathouse
and return.
Tne new intermediate crew, composed
of Walter Duplissea, Tom Lynch, Will
Lynch »nd Georee Fox, also visited the
Dolphins. This crew has shown remarka
ble improvement within the last month,
and it is hoped they will continue their
good work.
Gus Carson's smiling "countenance was
once more welcomed by his fellow-mem
bers last Sunday morning. Mr. Carson's
only desire is to have another go with the
Stockton Giants, and, win or lose, he says,
he will die happy.
Bob McArthur was out in his shell,
which he purchased from William Mc-
Causland, and received some valuable in
struction irom Jim Foley.
On Washington's birthday Al Fritz and
Archie Campbell visited tbe United States
batt.le-ship Oregon. Mr. Campbell is de
veloping into a first-class oarsman, and
will represent the club in the next re
gatta.
At the last meeting M. J. Tiernan, Wm.
Mead, Frank Reicbling and Ed Rafferty
were admitted to membership. The
gentlemen are all very enthusiastic ath
letes, and will be a valuable addition to
the club. *.
On next Sunday morning all the organ
ized crews, as well as skiff-rowers, will
join in the club outing to the Dolphins,
and on the following Sunday Hunters
Point will be tbe destination.
Tuar-of-War.
The last and most exciting tugs of the
big tournament which has been in prog
ress at the Mechanics' Pavilion for the
past week will occur tc-night. Interest
has been wrought up to a fever heat and
there is widespread discussion as to the
result of the finals to be determined to
night.
The contests will be as follows: Ireland
vs. Canada, Denmark vs. Italy, France vs.
Germany. Scotland vs. Norway, United
States vs. Sweden.
Ti.e American team is the most popular
and stands a good chance for first prize if
it can defeat the Swedes.
Despite the big counter-attractions and
the absorbing interest in the big fight at
Carson, the attendance has been large and
the audiences have evinced the greatest
interest in the lively *port r.fforded.
WEBSTER VISITS BABCOCK
Webster Gave Nctice That H
Will Call Again To-Day
0 ficially.
Babcock's Counsel Has Secured a Stay
and tbe Litigat on Is Not
Tet at an End.
Reginald H. Webster, who has been de
clared by the Superior Court to be entitled
to hold the position of Superintendent of
Schools, visited the rooms of the Board of
Education at the new City Hall yester
day. He also called upon Auditor Brod
erick and conferred with him. C. B.
Stone accompanied Mr. Webster to the
ball and was announced to be Mr. Web
ster's choice for Deputy Superintendent of
Schools. The appointment of the deputy
is wholly within the gift of the Superin
tendent and docs not need confirmation.
Mr. Stone is named to succeed Miss Eng
lish, who has occupied the position during
the past two months.
Notice of the decision of the court con
firmine Mr. Webster's claim to the posi
tion wai sent to Mr. Babcock yesterday
morning. Mr. Webster, accompanied by
Mr. Stone, called upon Mr. B&Dcock soon
after. The meeting between the two
gentlemen was outwardly friendly. Mr.
Webst r said that he desired to give Mr.
Bibcock a little time to gather his per
sonal property up preparatory to movine,
and suggested that he would probably call
again to-morrow. Then Mr. Webster and
Mr. French departed and secured a blank
form of appointment for the new deputy.
Some time daring the day Mr. Patter
son, attorney lor Mr. Babcock, visited
Judge Hebbard's court, and late yesterday
afternoon it was known that he had se
cured a stay of proceedings. Whether
this stay was secured in the hope of a re
hearing or for an appeal to the Supreme
Court Mr. 4labcock did not say. Mr.
Webster had left the hall when the stay
was secured. .
The question of salary was discussed by
Mr. Webster and Mr. Broderick. The
Auditor said that he mast take official
notice of the fact that Mr. Webster had
been drawing his salary as a principal
while the proceedings in court have been
pending and during the period interven
ing since Mr. Webster received his cer
tificate of election. Mr. Webster explained
that he urew the salary while the question
was at issue as to who was entitled to the
position of Superintendent as a matter of
necessity to preserve it from loss. The
move made by Mr. Babcocfc's attorney
yesterday indicates that he has not yet
given up the contest for the position.
* NEW TO-DAT-
CONTAGIOUS J^^<
PRIVATF M *sma*> -- \
nice no ro \w "/ \ b
Blood Poison %S"ZZ™\£™ op§m «
Sore Throat, Copper-colored Spots, Vim- J&fl&*>\ -Wfe^^^ JmM®£sM3&
pies. Falling Hair, Rheumatism. Ulcers $f<t!3%€^M>s£
or painful swellings on any part -of the WfiSHlflW* *&**- -^^^^SSSfcSni.
Dody, the results of Blood Poison, are T*nrTr»O cvvriW
forever eliminated from the system with UULIUKvSWLAIVi,
safe remedies. Remember that this one Whose Reputation Is F.-itubHshed by
Horrible Disease, if neglected or im- - Ten Years of Unparalleled Success,
comin en^VatV CUrBeS the present and at 737 Market Street, San Franoiaoo.
YOU nOT Men If you have indulged In early Indiscretions, and, as a consequence,
■ . ,** i'» "i have losses, exhausing drains, pimples,' bashfulness, aversion to so-
ciety, a tired, stupid, gloomy feeling and failing of memory, lack of v gor, absolutely
unntting you for study, business or marriage, do not neglect yourself until too lute. Do
mm •jj , w fßlse Drlde and sham modesty to deter you in seeking Immediate relief.
iYllddle""Ao"ed : iVlen » - There ar e thousands of you suffering from weak back;, ach-
n ... ,* , ■ v'» ing kidneys, frequent passing of sediment, often sccorSpa-
mea oy a loss of vigor and power ana impairment of general health. Many die of this
aimcuity, ignorant of the cause, which is the second stage of orcanic \veaKno«s. . Before
it is everlastingly too late consult Dr. Sweany, who thoroughly understands your trouble
and can cure you.
Old M.en Who > as a result of overwork, 1 business cares, imprudence or excessive m-
- - ** • Uulgeuces in former yeors. now suffer from partial or complete impotency or
some distressing bladder trouble— all' may find immediate relief;, many may. be
■ r radically cured. - • : .♦ - .. I . . ,
VflriCOCele Hydrocele, Piles, Fistula, Weak Organs, Swellings and: tenderness of th«
IV . uuui«| organs and glands treated with unfailing success. :
IvUDtlire New method, sure cure, Daiiiless treatment, no detention from work,' no ex-.
« r . n P erlment8 i no truss. A positive, certain and permanent cure.
oDeCial • DlBeaseB - Tenderness, Swelling, Contagious Blood Poison, Stricture, etc., quickly
,V  cured without pain or detention from business. . - -~ ' H *
LadieS w receive special and careful treatment for all their many ailments..
Write lf away from the city, as DOCTOR SWEANY has a system of home treatment that ii
«■*- entirely his own. Thousands are cured at home. hook, "Guide to Health "a
observed^Call o^addresV 18 dnd - tbelr dlseases> free on applitation - Strictest confidence
F. L. SWEANY M D 737 Market Street,
j *-<• WTTUnn I iTI. .;.. l/ M opp. Examiner Office, San Francisco, Cii
ONE CONTRACTOR
HAS BEEN INDICTED
J. J. Mulcreavy to 80. Re
quired to Answer a
Charge of Perjury.
Made False Returns of Work
Done at tbe City and
County Hospital.
Aa Expert Measured His Work and
Found It Short of the Amount
He Dr.w Pay For.
J. J. Mulcreavy, contractor, will have
to answer the cnarge of perjury in the
criminal court The Gi and Jury yester
day filed an indictment him be
fore Judge Cook.
J. J. Mulcreavy is the contractor who
laid certain concrete flooring at the City
and County Hospital and made oath to
measurements in excess of the amount
and drew pay lor that excess. His work
is a part of the grabbing arrangement that
began with the appropriation of $10,000 by
the late Board of Supervisors for im
provements and repairs at the hospital,
and which developed into a noisome
ecandal. Columns and columns have
been printed in the newspapers about it,
and the present Grand Jury began a care
ful and searching investigation of the
matter almost as soon as it was sworn in.
That investigation has continued from
sittine to sitting almost ever since, and
yesterday the indictment against Mul
creavy wa« filed, with bonds fixed at
$5000.
The evidence is said to be as conclusive
in tnis ca»e as figures, which do not lie,
can make it. Tne contractor laid a cer
tain number of feet square of concrete
and swore he bad laid a considerably
greater number and drew pay for that
greater number. Experts were sent out to
mate the measurements of the work and
the discrepancy was at once discovered.
Mulcreavy was only one in a crowd who
made a grab at that "SIO,OOO. There were
contractors and contractors, and some who
were not contractors. To get at the facts
the Grand Jirry has summoned before it
members of the Board of Health, members
of the Board of Supervisors, ex-Superin
tendent Stahle, his bookkeeper, the stewara
and nearly every official about the hospi
tal, as well as experts who had been sent
by it to make special investigations.
Thi^ is tne ?econd indictment found by
the Grand Jury against contractors hav
ing to do with the City and County Hos
pital, the other being Frank Marty, who
furnished milk to the place and who had
a habit of slipping pieces of gold to offi
cials connected therewith.
It is altogether possible that other in
dictments may follow touching other than
the contractors, for the jury is convinced
that only a conspiracy with officials which
guaranteed the contractors a certain
security would have emboldened them to
auch a decree as to admit of their return
ine and making oath to lalse bills.
The jury spent a large part of yc3terday
afternoon in hearing witnesses in the
Cooney matter. Richard V. Dey, Charles
Wueeler E?q and Charles Clark gave
testimony. This case will drag aiong for
some time.
BUTLER'S LATEST MOVE.
The United States I ircuit Court Ap
pealed To for a Writ of Habeas
Corpus.
The attorneys for Murderer Butler, alias
Newman, alias Burgess, alias half a dozen
other names, took a new tack yesterday
when they asked Judge Morrow, sitting in
the United States Circuit Court.for a writ
of habeas corpus.
They contend that the Australian mur
derer is illegally held in custody by
United States Marshal Barry Baldwin.
As reason for the allegation they repeat
the argument made by Mr. Black during the
examination — namely, that the extradi
tion laws provide for the deportation only
of criminals fleeing from justice and seek
ing an asylum in this country. Mr. Black
contends that his client came to California
on the Swanhilda, not seeking an asylum,
but en route to England. He in»istt>,
moreover, that a British ship, even though
in American waters, is not American ter
ritory. Butler nrver, of his own free will,
set foot on American soil, but was forc
ibly taken into this country from British
territory — the ship Swanhilda.
Judge Morrow sanctioned the issuance
of the writ, making it returnable on Mon
day next at 10 o'clock.
It is understood that in case the writ is
dismissed Attorney Black will appeal to
the United States Supreme Court. Should
such be the course of events it will be
months at least before the accused can be
taken to Australia.
Divorce Sutts Begun.
Suits for divorce have been filed in the
County Clerk's office as follows: Jassamina
Maeala against Raffaello Magala, for cruelty;
Hattie S. Brown against William H. Brown,
failure to provide; Henry Schulz against Lena
Schulz, cruelty; Josie Traverso against Gto
vani Traverso, cruelty; August Grossmillor
against Lola May Grossmiiler, cruelty.SUPERVISORS IN COMMITEE
DISCUSS OPERATING EXPENSES
The Spring Valley Water Company's Detailed State
ment Arouses a Great Deal of
Criticism.
Engineer Schussler and Secre
tary Am?s Both Give
Evidence.
jPHICE OF COAL OCCASIONS
ARGUMENT.
Bat Dr. Clinton Admits That the
Company's Salaries Are Not
Unreasonab'e.
The water rates investigation was re
sumed before the Board of Supervisors in
' committee of the whole last night.
Before going into committee, however,
Supervisor Bntt moved the following
resolution, which was adopted without
debate:
Resolved, That the Board of Supervisors of
the City and County of San Francisco request
the members of the Legislature, particularly
the representatives from San Francisco, to use
all honorable means to defeat Senate bill 392,
introduced by Senator Bulla, striking the
•word "consecutive" from the present law per
mitting the five-Dlock use ot the tracks on
street railroads in common; and be it further
Betolved. That we protest against the adop
tion of this measure as one which will confirm
the present streetcar monopoly in this City and
prevent the possibility of legitimate competi
tion and exclude independent railways from
access to the ferry depot, built fat great public
cost for the convenience of the people, and
trota che park maintained out of the proceeds
of general taxation. And be it farther re
solved that a substitute bill be recommended
to give any company a ten block use of any
one street in common with any other com
pany on the payment of a proper compensa
tion for the use of tracks to the end that the
, public streets be not made an impassable bar
rier against public rights, and that franchises
never meant to be exclusive be now legislated
into oppressive monopolies.
The board then went into committee
of the whole, with Dr. Clinton in the chair.
'The chairman suggested that it would
be advisable for the members of the com
mittee to confine their questions to the
company's itemized statement relative to
operating expen-es. By adhering to this
method confusion would be avoided.
The statement read as follows:
6PBIXG VALI/EY WATER WOBKS — OPEKATI
KXPKS.6K3 1806.
' Dr. -
To Lake Merced pump, nine men em
ploytd $15,000 33
Be: moot pump 18,295 19
Clarendon Heights pump I' 1 ."-.'." 34
•ucean View pomp. 1.-'3B 92
Locks Creek line 3.507 29
Bold Hill pipe line 9,979 02
Altmeoa pub line. 6,548 17
.Lobos CreeK *. 224 00
San Andreas reservoir. 10,7«302
•Fortale reseivolr 870 63
j'ilarcnos reservoir 4,281 38
« rystal r-orirus reservoir 8.570 00
City reservoir 24,399 32
City engine '-'0,697 48
Ci.y stable 7,203 69
s<an Mateo stable 691 77
Main repairs 38,659 32
We. er repairs 10.313 3H
Me. expense 18 025 17
Pir* ya d 6,410 28
eiieral expense 17.981 71)
(id c expense 9,086 35
i.eg» expense 21.625 63
Land account ............. ■. 6,571-s 57
bookkeeping department 17.033 10
• rgineers' depirtruent 13,122 64
Inspectors' departmeat 6.649 20
» otiecllon account 20,943 40
General salari- s 4:1,799 96
'lelephoiie account 2.525 59
I'escauero expenses 955 50
Total $394,012 08
Secretary Ames stated in reply to the
chairman that the sum of $15,000 32
charged to the Lake Merced pump was in
curred by material, the cost of running
the pump, coal, oil, etc. The number of
employes was nine in all, viz.: One chief
engineer, two assistant engineers, three
firemen, one oiler, one coalpasser and
one helper. The chairman asked Mr.
Schussler, "How long is it, since the lake
furnished water to the City?"
The witness replied that Lake Merced
had not been used since 1800. The com
pany pumped water from San Andreas,
using the Lake Merced pump, into the
Pilarcitos pipe. The wages per month
for this station were $735 when the men
were working full time. The total run
ning expenses in 1894 were $21,485 93.
The expenses varied with the quantity
of water pumped. The company paid
515,295 to pump 1,561,000.000 gallons at
Belmpnt, 200 fe t high, equal to 3,122,000,
--000 gallons 100 feet high.
These figures did not include the inter
est or the cost of the plant. He estimated
that the expense of pumping 100 feet high
"amounted to 60 cents a thousand gallons.
The original purchase price of the Ala
NINA DE ST. HUBERT.
Miss St. Hubert is one of San Francisco's most beautiful and accomplished girls.
As a violinist sne is well known. A perfect master of the instrument, her playing is
indeed delightful. She accompanied GuilJe during his aarond week at tne Orpheum.
' He sang "Aye Maria," and her excellent rendering of the difficult obligato made her
i favorite at once. Besides the violin Miss St. Hubert plays several other instru
ments. Both Guille and her teacher, Noah Brandt, are very enthusiastic over her
work, and predict * brilliant future for her, should she decide to take to concert work.
It may be remembered that during the World '■ Fair the schoolchildren of the City
held a Kirmess. Miss St. Hubert on that occasion played a solo on the cornet. There
was nothing particular in that, but the fact that three months before Miss St. Hubert
couid not play a note on that instrument makes it an interesting indication of her
musical aptitude.
meda works was $1,000,000, including the
water rights and 4200 acres of farming
land in tne Calaveras Valley. The cost of
pumping in Cincinnati was much cheater
because coal cost less. He considered that
the difference in the cost of coal would
explain the difference in the cost of pump
ine here and in Cincinnati. The cost oi
pumping in Chicago could also be ac
counted for by the greater cheapness of
coal there.
The Mayor — V» T hat price do you pay for
coal?
The witness said that the price varied
all the way from $6 30 to $7 80 a ton at
Bel mont.
Dr. Dodge commented on the creat con
trast between the cost of pumping in the
Eastern cities and in San Francisco, con
cerning which the wnness expressed him
self somewhat skeptical, and assured Dr.
Dodge that he would be greatly pleased
to read the article from which he obtained
his da. a.
Mr. Schussler went into details' as to
the method employed in keeping the coa.
account, and explained that when he
found that the amount of i'oal burned at
a given punioing station did not agree
with the amount reported he immediately
proceeded to investigate.
Dr. Dodge — Wnat amount of water
should one ton of coal send into the
City?
The witness said at the rate of 8,000,000
gallons a day from the Belmont pumping
station the monthly amount would be
about 240,CC0,000 gallons. He conld not
remember the amount of coal used in that
time, bu: couid tell by referriug to' his
books.
The Mayor— How much coal do you con
sume annually?
The witness said that would depend upon
the amount of pumping. In lg;*j they
pumped 3,605,000.000 fjallons; in 1895
2.696.000,000; in 1894, 3,002 000,000: in 1893
2,495,000,000; in 1892, 4.230,000.000. The
amount varied considerably ev«ry year,
and the amount of coal they consumed
also varied approximately with tne
amount of water they pumped.
The coal bill last year was $25,000 in
round figures and 3,005,000,000 gallons
were pumped during that period. It was
not only coal, he said, that was *o much
dearer here than in the East. The com
pany's salaries were also much higher —
25 and 30 per cent. Their head engineer
received $150 a month, assistants $100 each
and firemen $30.
, The Mayor — The railway company pays
less thar. $5 for coal.
The witness insisted that the company
did cheaper pumping with dearer coal
than otliers did with cheaper coal.
The committee discussed the next item
of $10,742 34 for the Clarendon Heights
pump, briefly. Mr. Schussler said that
this was ustd to pump water from the
j Crystal Springs reservoir and to raise it
1500 feet in height to a large reservoir on
j the extension of Eighteenth street, where
! it was distributed.
The chairman asked for an explanation
regarding the cost of $S7O for the«l'ortola
r^sprvoir.
The witness said that trie company had
never received any water from tn is source.
The Stan ord University was supplied
therefrom. Hut the company would get a
proportion of the water a- soon as a cer
tain number of leet were added to the top
of the dam. The dam cost nearly $120,000
and wouid be tne foundation for the com
pany's main dam. The company was the
real beneficiary, because they purchased
by the contract wilh the local company
fully a half interest in all the water rights.
On the motion of the Mayor the com
mittee proceeded to the consideration of
the general expense account of $17,981 70.
Secretary Ames took the stand and
enumerated the following as among some
of the items of expenditure:
Advertising, $5250 40; trustees, $2304: em
ployes overtime, £540; damage claims $3K5;
City license, $604; raiirosd. $565 20;
donations to charity, $455; pensions,
$470; bills receivable. $iJ000; certificate
tax, $173; wagon license, !jvis 50; groceries,
$52 45; engineers' picnic, $721; team". S?I9U;
microscope, $92; general expenses, $335 15;
shipping department, $314 50; Stock and
Bond Exchange, $25; bad coin, $40 50; com
mission to Baldwin & Hammond, $1013 69;
fire alarms, $13 40; more donnt oiib tochiiruy,
$420; service* of experts, $162; sundry ex
penses, $465 83; sundry employes' overtime,
$565; legai expenses, $16,596.
Mayor Phelan was anxious to know the
items of the advertising account, which
Mr. Ames sad he could not give off-hand.
He was required by the chairman to pre
pare such a statement in time for the
next meeting.
Dr. ftottanzi wanted to know whether
the company had not paid large sums for
laudatory articles published iti the daily
press.
Mr. Ames— l don't know.
The company refused to state the indi
vidual amounts received by the com
pany's attorneys. The company, Mr.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MARCH 6, 1897.
Ames said, retained three attorneys regu
larly.
Mr. Echussler resumed the stand to ex
plain the sums allotted to meter repairs
and meter expense accounts. The coat of
a meter, ne aaid, depended upon its size.
There were in use at the beginning of the
year 11,018 meters. At the beginning of
the year 1894 tiiere was as many as 15,964,
but the company had been taking them
off gradually as the amount of water in
creased in the reservoirs.
Secretary Ames was then questioned
regarding the remaining accounts. The
bookkeeping account, he said, was com
posed almost altogether of salaries; engi
neers' department, partly of salaries and
partJv of survey expenses and outside
work;, inspectors' account, of salaries;
collectors' account, ditto. The general
salaries account had already been ren
dered in full.
Mr. Scliussler's salary was charged part
ly to the engineers' department.
The Mayor referred to the statement of
general salaries and discovered that the
average annual salary paid by the com
pany to eacn of the eleven general officers
remaining alter the six trustees were
eliminated was $6000. There were seven
trustees including the president, but he
deducti-d only six, leaving eleven general
officers who received an aggregate of
$«1.000. This dividpd among eleven
officers left about $5626 a year paid to each.
■ Further desultory discussion followed,
in the course of wiiicli the Mayor asked
the chairman if he intended to press tue
Inquire for the individual salaries of gen
eral officer?.
The chairman stated that the company
declined to srive this information for pub
lication. "Personally," added the chair
man, "I can find no lault with the sal
aries paid. I was under the impression
that they were much higher than I found
them to be. Perhaps tne rirsi-eiasa pro
fessional man masea as much or more. '
Mr. KeUogq — They make more.
"Personally," continued the chairman,
"I do not rare to press the question. It is
for you to decide, gentlemen."
Dr. Kottanzi — I believe they are on rec
ord as b-'ing In default for not enswering
to »liis committee oi the whole. That is
sufficient.
The Mayor wanted to Know the amount
paid for salaries live years ago, his irn
pressioa being that their tendency wa.- to
rise.
Mr. Ames tlvnight the tendency was
rather stationary. There might have been
increases in one or two instances.
Mr. Keilosj; said that the general office
extenses ha I been decreased because
three offices were now rilled by one
person.
Mr. Schussler was again subjected (o a
lengthy examination on the subject of
connexion charges. He said that last
y^ar there were 39,355 customers; at the
beginning of 1897 mere were 40,189, be
ing an increase oi 834.
The Mayor — Haven't we been assuming
60,000 customers in San Francisco in esti
mating the pur capita rate?
"That," replied Mr. Schussler, "has
nothing to do with the per capita rate.
There are only 40,000 water rate-payers.
Many of tnnse, nowever. own more than
one house. We nave a great many more
convections than customers These
40,189 pay for 58.3)5 famii.es 15.451 btibi
n -83 places ati'l 143 public place*, ruakinu
a total of 76,929 Consumers. Those are ail
included in t0e 40.189."
Referring to tne company's charge of
$15 for each new connection, the chairman
said that a practical plumber had stated
that he would like to take the contract for
making connections at $10 apiece, and ho
would lurnisii a bon.l to perlorm the work
satisfactorily.
The witness said that the company was
obliged to keep quite a force of men in its
shop«, and preferred to charge a higher
rate rather than lose money oa the work.
The company employed the men by the
day and thereby insured a b'lter class of
work, though it might cott a little more.
Mayor Phelan directed the discussion to
the company's taxes. "I notice, " he said.
"that they have increased from $90,000 to
$127,000 in this year."
Mr. Ames explained that the latter
amount included a portit n of tho next
year's taxes, paid on installment. The
actual taxes for the year will amount to
$103,000.
The Mayor contended that it was some
thing unusual for a company to pay more
than one year's taxes in one year.
He added that he would liKe to intro
duce some testimony to show the decrease
in the rate of security during the last rive
years'.
Mr. Schussler said he feit competent to
give the required information, and again
look the stand.
The Mayor uut a question regarding the
quotations of the Pennsylvania Railway
Company's stock, to which Mr. Schuss er
replied : "I know nothing about that "
"Tl,en," said trie Mayor, "the Commer
cial Cable and Postal Telegraph Com
pany."
"You know well enough that I know
nothing about that," rejoined the witness.
"The only resource we have is to fell
stock and to give reasonable assurance
that the buyers will get 6 per cent. If the
stockholuers are told that they will* only
get 5 per cent, we cannot get over 80 cents
on th- dollar, and the consequence is that
we have to spII 10,000 snares at 5 per cent,
instead of 8001) at 6 per cent. It the rates
are left at 6 per cent, liien people have
sufficient confidence to purchase stock at
as high a rate as possible."
The Mayor — I want to know why when
other stocks soli al par there should be so
much d.s:rust in this case?
Mr. Schuster— Triers are- no such cases
where Supervisors control the stock.
Show me one. The raie is subject to the
control of th* Supervisors year after year
and every new board wants 10 distinguish
itself by reducing the rate and seriously
Interfering witn the proper management
of the works. The City should take more
interest in keeping them up to their pres
ent magnificent position.
The Mayor quoted from a pamphlet
deaiine wiih the stock, of Mackay's Com
mercial and Postal Company showing
that Commercial stock now sells for 168}^,
and Pos;al on a -1 ncr cent basis is snapped
up at f;7 and 98. Tue policy in these cases
had been one of contraction instead of the
inflation of capita!.
Mr. Schuster contended that this stock
was not subject to the Supervisors. The
water company's fi per cent bonds sold at
120 and their 4 per cents at 100, because
tliey were secure from interruptions of
this nature, whereas the stock had to bear
the brunt of the Supervisors' action. If
the company could procure a twenty
years' agreement, to guarantee the 5 per
cents, that stock wouid sell at. par.
In the course of further discussion the
Mayor wished ,to aak A. H. R. Schmidt,
the cashier of the German Bank, whether
it was not a matter of fact that the rate
of interest on all classes of property had
greatly decreased during the last ten
years.
Mr. Kellogg objected and the chairman
called him to order, asserting that any
citizen was at lib j rty to give testimony
before the corn mi: tee. Air. Schmidt, how
ever, declined to answer, and the commit
tee soon after rose, reported progress, and
the board adjourned to resume the in
quiry on Tuesday evening next at 7:30.
Collector Itauer Is ftued.
J. J.. Bauer, the man who sues so many peo
ple that the Justices' courts are always filled
with his cases, was yesterday sued by C.
Qulrey for $537 14. with interest from Jan
uary 1, 189(i. Tuts amount seams to be made
up of seveial claims that were assigned by dif
ferent persons to the plaintiff In this case.
Blaze in a Clothing-Store.
An alarm was sounded through box 95 at 9
o'clock lust evening for a fire in the rear of
Mitchell <fc Teckerman's clothing establish
ment, Taylor and Turk streets. The cause of
the tire, which dam»epd the building and
stock to the extent of $200, is unknown. The
loss is covered by insurance.
Since 1870 Victoria, Australia, has voted
more than £100,000 for the destruction of
rabbits.
The sunflower bears 4000 seeds, the
poppy 32.000 and the tobaico plant 70,320.
The fac-simile yrf ' <*!&.?-* .^"*** is on e 7 er y a PP«
Bignature of : Wta/tfj!7ik%&& of C M?? '
JAMES A. HERNE,
SINGLE-TAXER
The Actor Is a Hot Cham
pion of the Great Eco-'
nomic Reform.
Says the Realization of Henry
George's Dream Is Net
Far Off.
Believes the State of Washington
Will Lead the Way Into (he
Promised Land.
James A. Herne, who ha 3 created
new things upon the stage, who has
distinctly widened the wide horizon
of the theater, and who will no doubt
have svieh a following in the future as to
give him the rating of a founder of school,
is not only a great realistic actor, but he
is a careful and earnest student of social
JAMES A. HERNE.
problems. He is known everywhere
throughout the country a* among the
most ardent champions of the single tax.
Everywhere he goes he is called upon to
"help the cause" in some way, for he is
known to be always willing, and when he
is not called upon he does it of his own ac
cord.
For instance, upon his visit to this City
some vear3 ago, when he was not nearly
so well known as he is now, he hired a
hall, paying the expenses himself, in or
der to preach the doctrine which he be
lieves will eventually inaugurate the era
of freedom and justice among men.
Mr. Herne is not merely a student, he
is a scholar. He is a strong personality,
a real iorc.e. He talks as impressively
from the platform as he piays deiightiully
before the footlights, and the Single-tax
Society is arranging to hava him lecture
under its auspices during hi 3 stay in the
City.
"The single taxer," said Mr. Herne, "has
become a factor in affairs that is hardly
iealized by those who have not watched
tiie signs of the times. Some of these
days the question will get before the peo
ple, and, as Henry George says, ihere will
be so many of them tnat their opponents
will be kept guessing where they came
from. They will seem to rise up out of
the ground.
"The question is now Before the Legis
lature oi five States in the form of con
stitutional amendments— the StaTes of
California, Colorado, Delaware, Kansas
and Washington. The last-named State
will be first to sco the new era inaugur
ated it the signs count for anything. It
is aUo bsing worked indirectly in New
York. It is in the National Congress, led
by Maguire, and it will remain there,
thrusting itself forward forever until its
mission is realized.
'•Yes. I have been called upon to talk
the single tax at almost every stopping
piace over the country and beyond it. In
deed, they have the single tax now, prac
tically, in ManitoDa. The people are
happy and well-to-do. They know noth
ing of tramps and beggars there. It is
amazing to me that the system is not
adopted now, or long since, in view of the
conditions which I find everywhere as I
find them here — men who do not warn
charity, but work, and who are yet com
pelled to drag wagons about the street,
begging for food. The single tax, at one
stroke, in one day, would change those
conditions, would give employment to ail
and set everybody on the road to pros
perity and a higher plane of existence.
"Is v not s'.range that they reJuse to
listen and keep binding themselves with
new chains day b/ day? But, as I said
before, it will burst upon us some day
from some place tbat even the prophets of
the doctrine cannot now nominate.
"I have said tnat I think the State of
Washington will inaugurate it. Certainly
the indications are most lavoraDle there.
There is a majority in the Assembly there
in lavor of it. The Governor, a Populist,
is opposed to it. It is hard to reconcile
these things and it is as well, perhaps,
not to try but just go on making the
tight. The State is full of single-taxers
however, and a good strong pull, all to
gether, would carry it over the line into
the promi-ed land, so to speak.
"That reminds me that I organized the
firßß»sin«le-tax club in that State. There
were seven single- taxers in the State when
I chanced to co there in the lirst instance.
They asked me to talk on the subject on
Sunday night and I consented. They
hired an old barracks of a ball, stocked it
with benches and chairs and then put
forth their energies to fill it with influen
tial people. They got together a remarka
ble audience for the place — lawyers, doc
'ors, preac iers, Judges — the very best
men and their wives. Weil, we had a
famous meeting. It was after 12 o'clocK
be. ore it broke up, and the enthusiasm
was great. That meeting resulted in the
formation of a club. I saw a clipping in
the paper after I left. It was called the
James A. Herne Single-Tax Club. From
thai small beginning the State has taken
the first plac» in the lists.
"I was at Denver a short time ago, and
was asked io speak before a joint sersion
of the two houses of the Legislature,
which is now wrestling with tne local
op; ion or home rule singie-tr.x proposi
tion. 1 consented, and had a good strong
speech pn pared, but the 01 position foughi
the move, and it was decided best not to
urge it. I lectured in a church there the
following Sunday on 'T&e Theater.' The
church w s crowded and most of the Leg
islature was there, and I took occasion to
work in my speech on the single tax.
" 'Shore Acres' toon a strum; hold upon
theHter-goint; people during its long run
in Bosioa. That was when tue play was
new and my picture was not scattered
about town with the same profusion that
it is now. I knew that there were a good
many people who would like to see how
'Nathaniel Berry 1 looked off the stage. I
hired Agricultural Hall, and it was
crowded with a clas3 of people who had
never heard ol the single tax before, and
I gave it 10 them for a couple of hours.
•'At Toronto a little lunch to me was
made the oocas:on of bringing a lot of
good people — 1 mean influential people —
together, and then I pieacned to them.
They are petting th re fast in Toronto.
Bu- I nn.nht go on ami give you instances
of how the good work is progressing in
every St&te, but it is enough to say that it
is proerestinr. Tiie Mormons are turnine
toitat Salt Lake. You know the Mor
mons originally worked under the single
tax system, and it is a proverb how en
tirely prosperous and contented they
live-l.
"Every man was allowed all the land
that he could work. A merchant was
given a site lor Ins storp. The gentiles
have introduced the new system of high
rents and high taxes, besides oilier bur
dens, and the Mormons are restive under
it.
"It is spreading as rapidly as it is be
coming understood in all parts of 'the
country. As the Masons say every good
man is a Mason at i.tart, so we may say
every good man is at heart a single taxer,
and, as the majority of men are good
men, it only remains for us who have come
to see the way clear y, to point it out to
others."
NATIVE SONS TO ACT.
Arrangements lining Mixle for the Car-
nival "California l>aj-:"
At the meeting held la?t night by the
joint carnival fommittee-* of Native Sons
and Daughters t lie committee of five ap
pointed to confer with ti:e carnival execu
tive committee reported that it had been
offered the use of the Mechanics' Pavilion
for t lie evening of May 4in which to hold
a grand ball. The executive committee
al«o offered music, printing and taoleau
arrangements gratis. After some lively
discussion it was agreed to accept the of
fer, and a committee, consisting of one
from escu parlor, was appointed to ar
range for a grand ball on May 4.
It was partially decided to take entire
charge of the day to be known as Cali
fornia day, commencing in tiie forenoon
with a parade ana in the afternoon giving
some outdoor entertainment.
Those appointed to prepare for this are:
R. Martland, Sequoia Parlor; F. T. Norton,
El Dorado Parlor: J. B. Stovall, California
Parlor; D. Fitz^Tßld, Pacific Parlor; \V. A.
King, Golden (jute Parlor; Sol Jacobs, Mission
Parior; Charles R. Ilevenn, San Francisco
PHrlor; G. J. Zohender, Rincoi Parlor; A. N.
Cop6ey, Stanford Parior; J.K. O'Donnell, Yerba
Jiia-iia Parlor; A. I>raeiSr;i, Bay City Parior;
M. G. Owens, Niantic Panor; F. P. Wene,
National Parlor; \V. A. \V. iionahan. Hes
?>erian Parlor; H. D. Lansing, Preuita Parior;
I. J. Banning, Olympus Par. or; Mrs. Lena B.
Mills, Orinda Parlor ; Miss H. M. Green, Buena
Vista Pnrlor; Miss Kosa Day, Go, den Sia c
Parlor; Mrs. D. Diuiiels, Fremont Parlor; Mrs.
G. W. Perkins, Alia Par. or; Miss Donaldson,
Minerva Parlor: Miss Ju.ia Mario w, Lns Lomas
Parlor; Mrs. Aigeltinger, La Esireiln Parlor.
new TO-DAY.
HIGHEST I2ST R.A.nSTK:
— — —A.m to —
FTJFtITIT and RICHNESS
X This is the Official Report of the Honorable
Board of Health of this City.
,11 111 1 !■■ «" W W * WWW A 1^ T W^.
sten^.. — ' . '..jJubjbi •'■ ' fl'B-BI'B Hi I Z_A 1% I ■
rjß^Uml ru a on n a Trn
, The excellence of this product is further attested to by a large
number of voluntary flattering testimonials from housekeepers,
mothers, nurses, physicians and other scientific men. .
IT'S THE BEST FOOD FOR INFANTS AND THE
SAFEST FORM OF MILK for the HOUSEHOLD.
SOLD BY GROCERS EVERYWHERE. 1 ' ,
«|W|'^sft?BSff 23? (St tion oi a famous French physician, will quickly cure you of all nei>
Ifl >' \ 0 Irr . - voua or of the generative such as iost Manhood,
X ~~ CJ GBP T "•r*IIIIUUU IIL.IJ I UllLUVitaliitr.tbepreßcrlp.
¥• <£. h> STm ,«> a. tion oi a famous French physician, will quickly cure you of all ner-
llv ' v \(C - vT vous or diseases, of the generative orgaut, such as Lost Manhood,
HVi /3AI Vi -4*iJ Insomnia, Pains In the Back, Seminal Emissions, Nervous Debility ' :
H V £&SIL Hi WK Pimples, Unfitness to Marry, ExuanstluK Drains, Varlcocle and
- PflJ . : V*^ W "--■■ V -/ . Constipation. •It stops all losses by day or night » Prevent* quick-
iffl >^y Xiy; uessof discharge, which if not checked leads to Spermatorrhoea and
... nB( .-«»rrFO *" the horrors of Impotency. CIJI»IDESfE cleanses the liver, Vat
M BEFORt. *N0 ItK kidneys and the urinary orpansof knpuxitlea.
■" CCPIWENE strengthens and restores small weak organs. " r -
:; .'■>' ■■■''. •The reason sufferer: are not cured by .Doctors Is because ninety per e»nt are troubled wit*
Proatatltin. DENE Is the only kno-»n remedy to core without an ration. 8000 testimoni-
" als. A written guarantee given and money returned If six boxes does not effect a permanent cam :
a box, six for $,".00, by mail. Send for tie circular and testimonials. - .
Address U.VVO" iliilUClMi CO.. 1170 Market street, San Francisco, ; Cal. Forsaleby
I l»KOOJfcs' VUARVAGY, 119 Powell sue* .
SERGEANT NEARLY
TWENTY YEARS
End of Thomas McKenna's
Service to the
City.
Succumbed to an Operation
After Much Suf
fering.
S:nc2 72 H? Was a Member of the
Police Force and Was Very
Popular.
Sergeant Thomas McKenna. one of the
best known officers of the Sau Francisco
poiice force, died at Dr. McLean's sani
tarium yesterday afternoon.
Sergeant McKenna has for several years
Leen troubled with an affection of the
throat, which of late has assumed can
cerous symptoms. The trouble caused by
this affliction finally became so burden
some that the sergeant determined to risk
an operation, though, he was advised that
the result was apt to be fatal.
With this warning in view the sergeant
arranged ail his private business and got
the affairs of his office in shape. On
Wednesday he went to the hospital and
the operation was performed the succeed
ing day. Ii was 2:45 r. M. yesterday when
his decease occurred.
Ti omas McKenna was born February
14, 1837, in Randolph County, Illinois.
D.-ceiuber 20, 1872, ne was appointed on
tne police lorce of this City, and served
faitlifuiiy as patrolman for six years. In
December, 187S, he was aupointed ser
geant, and was placed in charge of the
liquor license department of the police
ollice.
This position he held to the time of his
death, and it was in the capacity of license
sergeant he was principally known to the
puclic.
bergeant McKenna was highly regarded
by his official superior?, not only for his
faithiul and efficient services, but for
many sterling qualities of personal char
acter. He was popular with all members
of t lie force and had hosts of friends in
the inofficial public.
He leaves a widow and two dauehters,
one of whom is the wife of Policeman
Jo n Lewis.
The funeral will be under the auspices
of Mount Moriaft Lodge, P. and A. M., of
which the deceased was a member. He
was also a. mem bar of San Francisco Chap
ter No. 3 of the Ancient Order of Druids
and of the Knights of Pythias.
Sunday at 2 p. m. will probably be de
eded upon as the time of the services.
A MAD RACE A JOB.
Dizz/ Experience cf Frederick
C. Rooke in a Swaying
Rai'way Cab.
Was Bound ior His Home in
Australia ani Caught the G ng
plank Just in Time.
Frederick C. Rooke, clerK of the New
South Waies Supreme Court, who for
some months past has been doing Europe,
arrived here yesterday in the cab of the
Overland Mail, after a breathless race
across the continent to catch the steamer
Aianieda for home.
Rooke has been away on a vacation,
and he had timed himself to get tome to
the scratch when h:s period of absence
was up. But the steamer Umbria was a
day late on the Atlantic, owing to heavy
weather. When be reached New York he
was in a desperate strait. He caught
the fastest train he could bound out toward
the sunset, but still felt the ground sink*
in£ from under him.
On renchinK Chicago he was six hours
too late for the last overland that would
reach San Francisco in time. In his des
p ration he iried to secure passage on the
Burlington fast mail. But this train does
not under any circumstances carry any
passeneers.
Mr. Rooke explained that he was racing
for hi 9 job and that he dimply must go.
Superintendent Troy finally decided that
he might ride in tne cab with the en
gineer. This was a snap for Rooke. He
cot a box of cigars and something in a
flask ana got aboard. Thus it was that he
arrived, here yesterday. The Alameda
was lir-een minutes late and Mr. Rooke
reached the gansr'nlank -just in time. He
yet L as some 7000 miles to ride over the
billowy main before he can be sure he has
bfa position. He stood bis wild run well.
A THOUGHT ||
1 THAT KILLED
A MAN!
1 1 • '
<! TIE thought that he could trifle
!| 1A with disease. He was run
I down in health, felt tired and
<• worn out, complained of dizzi-
-2 ness, biliousness, backaches
<> and headaches. His liver and
z kidneys were out of order.
!; He thought to get well by
J» dosing himself with cheap
remedies. And then came
i! the ending. He fell a victim
i; to Bright* disease I The
]' money he ought to have In-
vested in a safe, reliable
I remedy went for a tombstone. |
![ is the only standard remedy I
|| in the world for kidney and !;
] i liver complaints. It is the ji
I only remedy which physicians \\
universally prescribe. It is <;
the only remedy that is back- <;
ed by the testimony of thou- >
sands whom it has relieved i
and cured. -^ |
THERE IS NOTHING ELSE j|..* S
"T THAT CAW TAKE ITS PLACE
'AT AUCTION
TUESDAY.
TUESDAY ..MARCH 9. 1897,
; ' - At 13 o'clock noon,
AT OUR SALESROOM, 638 MARKET ST.
81320 ler Annum.
S. side (Nos. 1435. 1437, 1439 and 1441) of
McAllister st., 87:6 feet K. of Scott— Handsome
bay-wlndo-v buildings of 4 French flats, with mot-
ern improvements: in tine condition; with base-
ment: cement walk ;>t reet in bituminous pave-
ment; McAllister-st and other cables; examine
this for an investment: lot 50x100 feet.
Pacific Heights. '
■S. line (Xos.- 2217 and 2221) of Jackson at.
130:6 feet W. of Buchanan— Two' cottages now on
the property; elegant location for a Hue resilience ;
cement stone walk; street in bituminous rock; 4
car lines: examine this for a choice residence;
double iot, 50:6x100x127 feet.
Presidio Heights.
' SW. cor. Sacramento and ' Walnut sts.— Bay-
windowed building; ■/ French Has of 7 aad 5
rooms: store and 4 rooms; full rents, $60: cement
walk and bituminous pavement on Sacramento
st. ; Sacramea to-si. cab:e: corner lot, 23x100 feet.
Seventh-Street Property.
S\V. line (Nos. 444 and 446) of Seventh St., NW.
of Bryant— Front building, 2 French flats; rear
building, 1 tenement; full rents, $32; cement
walki - tree", basalt rock; Bryant-st. e.ectrlc cars;
lot 25x85 feet.
» , y Castro Height* Residence.
W. line (No. 1020) of Castro St., 185 feet & of
Modern 2-story bay-window residence of 8
rooms and bath: handsomely decorated and pa-
pered throughout: brick foundation; high plas-
tered basement; stone sidewalk; all in fine condi-
tion; Castro-si, ana 24tu-st. cars; lot 21:3x91) feet.
. : Large Corner lot.
NE. cor. of Army and Noe sts.— Good view; a
large corner lot; good speculation: see this; mast
be &old; Castro-st. cable; lot 80x114 feet.
Mission Large itcsidpiice Lot.
I N. line of 22d st., E. of Sanchez— view;
must be sold: Mission and 24in su electric; large
I building lot, 50:11x114 feet.
Western Addition Residence Lots.
W. line of lacuna st., 30 and 90 f»et N. of Lom-
bard— 2 residence lots near the new boulevard and
Government reservation; lots 30x1 lo feet each.
15th Street, -> ear Market.
S. lice of 16th St., W. of Noe— lots, all ready to
build upon: only li/ a blocks from Market St.;
pleasant surroundings; rare chance lor a huilJer;
must be sold; Castro and Fillmore st. roads; lots
25x115 feet.
Business Lot un 24th Street.
N. line of 24th st, K. of Folsom— An elegant,
business lot to improve with 2 stores below and
French flats above: street In basalt rock; several
electric roads; large lot, 37:6x10u feet.
Ocean View.
S. line of bagamore St., W. of Capital— 2 lots
near steam depot and electric roads: • all ready to
build upon; pleasant surroundings; large Jot, 50x
125 feet.
Ashbury Heights.
NX. cor. of Ashbury and 18th sts.— 3 elegant
residence lots, commanding a fine marine and in-
land view; all ready to Duild upon: beautiful loca-
tion for a home; examine these; Ashbury st. sew-
ered: S. F. and 8. M. electric road; corner lot, 2&X
90; Inside lots, 25 by 90 and 100 leet.
JEASTON, KLDRIDGE & CO.,
638 Market st. T;'. ; Auctioneers.
i • l
T.HE
WEEKLY
CJILL
©/ It Publishes the Cream of the
3 News of the Week and
3 MANY ATTRACTIVE AND
<J ORIGINAL FEATURES.
°V IT IS THE BEST WEEKLY
O( PAPER ON THE
J PACIFIC COAST
Z) The Best \ / Mining
:^j Telegraphic \/ News That
.°\ Service on /\ Is Accurate
« The Coast / up to date
o{ Not a Line of it Sensational
q) or Faky, and Not a Line of
2 it Dry or Uninteresting.
OC Bright, Clean, A Champ on of
Tj Thoughtful. Truth.
1) A CALIFORNIA NEWSPAPER
2 ALL THE TIME.
l) IT ADVOCATES SENT BY
>) HOME •■"••■■ MAIL, $1.50
©< INDUSTRIES : * V A YEAR.
3 THE CALL SPEAKS FOR ALL
f 3
910
THE COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SC3I3IARV OF THE MARKETS. i
Silver unehnn cd.
Wheat rules firmer.
I or:, doius better.
Other Cereals quiet. .
Hay and FeedstuiTs unchanged.
Roans about the same.
Potatoes and Onions quiet.
Butter and Cheese weak.
Kggs rule firm.
Decreased receipts of Poultry.
Fruits unchanged.
Provisions quiet.
spring Lamb lower.
THE WXKK'B FAILURES.
• TliP Bradstreet Mercantile Agency reports 36
failures for the Pacific Coast States and Territories
Jrr the week ending yesterday as compared with 23
tor the previous week and 18 for the corresponding
«(FKOt 1896. The failures are divided among the
trades as follows: 6 saloons, 1 crocer. 1 general
store, 1 dairy. 2 cigars and tobacco. 1 teaming, 1
drugs, 2 furniture, 2 restaurants. 1 boots and
shoes, 1 hardware company. 1 fruit-erower, 1
sewer contractor, 1 printer. 1 'painter, 1 carpenter,
1 millinery, 1 jeweler and 1 frul;s.
GENtKAL CONDI I'IOX OF TRADE.
The placing Of orders tor nearly 1,500,000 tons
of steel within the past three weeks is the most
Important influence for improvement in general
trade since the November election, says Brad
street's of February 27. The contracts for sieel
rails taken since the break in the price, together
with expenditure necessary to lay the rails, means
the placing In circulation of no less than $35,
--000.000. The meaning of sales of mils for export
has been exaggerated, as some orders placed
abroad were due to English mills being tempora
rily, engaged on other forms of steel. Many
woolen mills In New England have started up
Manufacturers are buying in expectation of a duty
being placed on raw wool. Recent improvement
In cotton goods is maintained. At most cities
there has been no change In the volume or temper
of trade. • Demand has been quiet, and while ex .
pectatiocs favor an early improvement, progress
thus far has been somewhat disappointing.
THE COAL TRADE.
The circular of I. S*tenart gives the receipt of
coal at this port during the first two months of
1897 at 220,700 tons, azainst LM9.500 tons during
the same period in 1896, and says: -The de iv
eries of coal in port during the month from the va
rious sourc-s of supply have been about the aver
age quantity usually received at this seasou of the
year, excel/line English anthracite, there having
"t>oen no arrivals of this coal, and none aie due for
•some time. The market must necessarily become
bare of this coal in the meantime."
Explanation.
° The arrow flies with the wind. The top flgnrat
St station indicate maximum temperature for th«
ays: those underneath It. If any, toe amount of
rainfall, of melted snow in inches and huiidredths,
during the past twelve hours. Isobars, or solid
lines, connect po!n - s of equal air pressure; ivy
therms, or (lotted lines, equal temperature. Th«
word "hieh" means high barometric pressure and
Is usually accomDanied by fair weather: "low"
.refers to low pressure, and is usually preceded
and accompanied by cloudy weather and rain*.
"Lows" usually first appear on the Washington
coast. When the pressure is high in the interior
. and -low along the coast, and the isobars extend
north and south alone the coast, rain Is probable:
but when the "low- Is inclosed with Isobars of
marked curvature, rain south of Oregon is improb
able. With a "high" in the vicinity of Idaho, and
the pressure falling to the California coast, warmer
weather may be expected in summer and colder
Weather In winter. The reverse of these conditions
«nU*ro4uoe an opposite result.
WEATHER BUREAU REPORT.
Unitkd STATUS Departmest of AgRICCI/
tcrk,\Vkathkr Bureau, SaN Francisco, March
5,1897, sp. M Thi following are the rainfalls
for past 24 hours and seasonal rainfalls to date as
compared with thosd of the same date last season:
Kureka this season 38.77. last season 30.91 past
24 hours .52; Red Bluff 21.85. last season 14.49
pas'. 24 hours trace: San Francisco 19. 67, last season |
13.84, past 24 hours .27; Fresno 8 96, last season
■4 98, past 24 hours trace; San Luis ObMpo 18.73,
'• last season 14.61. past 24 hours .Ob: Los Angeles
• 5.43, last season 7.87. past 24 hours .00; San
Diego 10.56. last season 5.68, past 24 hours trace;
' Vu<na 5.31. last season .88, past 24 hours .00.
ban Francisco data—Maximum temperature 51,
. minimum 44, mean 48.
earner cond.tions and general forecasts:
The barome rle depression which was central
last uWlit in the western portion of British Colum
biah s moved southward during the past twenty
lour hours, and Is now c-ntral near tne mouth of
the Columbia River. Kain has been general to
day from the vicinity of Point Conception north
ward to Piirp* sound This storm is likely to
move southward into Southern California during
tli- next twenty-four hours, and will cau.«<* rain,
.with snow in flcvated skt.iois, throughout Call
. fornia, Should i. clear >a i;rdar night, ai it now
sterns like y, heavy.frcsis will probab:y occur in
Ivpr'.hern California.
Forecast made at i-m Francisco for 30 hours
eudinsr at right, March 6, 1897.
.Northern California—Occasional rain, with snow
in elevated sections Saturday; colder in south por
tion: dangerous heavy :rost Saturday nigt if clear;
brisk Houtlie It, probably shifting to northerly
winds Saturday afternoon.
Southern California— Rain Saturday; cooler, i
brisk southerly winds.
Nevada—Local rain or snow Saturday.
Utah— Local ran or snow Saturday.
Arizona—lncreasing cloudiness Saturday and
probably rain Saturday night. . . " .
san Francisco and vicinity— Occasional rain
(Saturday; brisk southwesterly winds, probably
Shifting to northwesterly win Is. '• ■**• --•
W. j-i. Hammox, Forecast Official.
XtW YORK MARKETS.
Financial.
NEW YORK. N. V., -March 5-The course of
the stock market in early trading to-day occa
• sioned no great surprls? to the general run of
traders- The further decline in consols and the
fact that American quotations were 1/4 below yes
terday led to the depression. The bears endeav
ored to use the foreign news to their advantage
and promptly attacked the list at the opening, but
met with very poor, success, and after merely
fractional concessions the market started up in
lively fashion. It was evident that the powers be
. bind the market were above the average In Influ- I
ence. The MieDgthoi the Vanderbilt group also
ad a reass Uri' g effect, especially as a sharp rise
in New York Central was accompanied by rumors
that plans are on toot to fund the high interest
bearin; b nd<.
The advance in price was equal to i/s to if per
cent, and tins, too, despite the rac that foreign
. sales of sucks in this market were estimated at
from 15,000 to 20,000 shares. lie Vanderbllts.
Manhattan, General Electric and industrials were
the )fad»rs in the upward movement. There
was < otisldirable covering of shcrt contracts and
tome buying for th- Ion? account, but the volume
of business was smaller than of late. In the after
noon there was a change 111 the temper of the spec
ulation on advices from London ;bat the Kngllsh
mil Continental markets closed depressed on ac
count of the reeling i>r. vailing in regard to the sit
uation In the (Cast. I In the last hours the ntocK re
icud J/i@lVa- Speculation dosed rather weak
FINANCIAL.
CHICAGO GRAIN, PROVISIONS
AND NEW YORK STOCKS.
WHEELOCK & CO.,
' 4 Leldesdorff St.. Tel. Mala 1954.
CKNTBAJ. OFFICE
€23 Market BU, Palace Hotel. Pur & Atkinson,
Managers- Tel. Alain 5144.
Uptown Office— Baldwin Hotel (adjoining Grill
itoorn). ■ Tel. Main 1 / til. . .- ..
PURDY. ATKINSON & CLAPP, Managers.
Orders instantly executed on latest market quo
tatlona. Reference Ist National Bank. 8. I. ■
CiIiCAOU i" V Alii wuu - £iJU W vuu.
In ton*-. Net changes show advances of l/g^S/s, '
New York Central and Manhattan leading. In
the specialties Pullman <lpc;ined 2i/g, while Lake
Shore advanced 1% to 169i/i.
The total transactions » ere . 157,737 shares, in
cluding 27.700 -us;ar, 17.800 -t. Pau:, 12.H00
Burlinston, 8400 General Klectr.c and 8-'o<New
York Central.
Bonds were dull. Delaware, LackawaDna and
Western sevens fell 2i/fj to 1 251/2 : Dillas «nd
Waco. 5 to 76: Lehi?h Va.ley of X«w York first
1 four and a baits, 1% 10 99: Jersey Onlril c, no ral
lives, t;i 155V4: Reading third preferred incomes,
lto3o3 /4 : Richmond and Danville consolidated
fives, % to 121; -Northwest sevens goid coupon,
I to 118; Rochester and Pitts'ourg first sixes. 1%
to 122; St. Pau Conso ida:e 1 seven <. 1 to 134; v •
seconds, 3 to 131; Lackawanna and Davenport
sevens, 2 to 11.
Government bonds were moderately active and
generally higher. At the boaid $165,000 coupon
fours of 1925 sold at 1233/ 8 @123J/2, and $20,000
registered at 1233/8@123y 2 
, Grain.
FLOUR — Steady. Winter wheat trades.
$2 30@3 30: do fair to fancy, $8 45@4 60; do
I patents. $4 60fa15; others unchanged: Minnesota
ciear, $8 50©3 Dd; do straights, $4 25@4 3o;do
patents. $4 10&4 95: low extras. S3 30@3 30;
City Mills. $4(0i4 90: do patents, $4 fcO(g;stis: Bye
mixture. $2 t*o(gj3 60: superfine, $2@U 80; fine,
$1 So(<i2.
Southern flour, dull, steady. Common to fair
extra, ?3 20@X 50: good to > hoice. $3 60@4.
By Hour, dull, at $2 50<S2 85.
tuit.NMKAL — Dull, steady. Yellow western,
II 70@l fcO.
RYE— Dull, firm. Western. 38c c. i. t. Buffalo.
I BAULKY — Firmer, moderately active. Feeding,
2BC bid: 26y 2 cc. i. 1. Buffalo.
1 WHEAT— spot market fairly active, firmer;
f. o. n. 863/gc: ungraded red, 7lc: No. 1 Northern,
7iy c. •
Options were fairly active and closed strong' at
li/g@iyj,c. May and July most active. .No. 2 red,
Marco. 3 /ic; May, 823/ 8 c; July, 80i/4c; bep
tembi-r, 77 %c
CORN- Dull, firmer. No. 2, 29% c elevator;
80 Vie afloat.
(>ptions were dull and firm at ys@%c advance.
July and May most active; Marco, 29cV4; May,
30c; Jnly, SlVic: September, 33c.
OATS- Spots dull, strong.
Options dull, firmer; May, 2iygC. Spot prices:
No. 2, 2J%c; No. 2 white, 23i/»c; No. 2, Chicago.
2:*% c; Nv. 3, 21'%c; No. 3 white, 22c; mixed
Western, *.o@23c; unite do, 23@30c.
Provisions.
LARD- Quiet, stronger. Western uteam. Si 35
@4 37Vj: City. $4@4 06; May, ?4 60, nominal.
Refined, strong, quit-:; cohtli.ent, *'4 lO; S. A.,
$4 9o; compound, $4i/g@4i / 4.
I'dHK- Firm. New mass. $8 50(4.9.
IK Fancy, steady: lairly active; West
ern creamer.-, inra)l9c; factory, 7@l2yac; I£l-
Kins, 19c; imitation creamery, lC@l6c; rolls,
13c.
CHEESE— Firm, moderate demand. Part skims,
s@9yac; full- skims, :-@;^i-i,c.
Ki-i,.' — Jf rmer. s-thte aud Pisunsylvania, 13Mi
©13UC.
TALi.OW — Steady. City, 3S/ 8 c; country,
:«,i@ay 2 c.
RlCE— Firm, good demand. Domestic, 3@3%c.
MOLASSES— St« adv. New OrUans, 19@31c.
COFFEE — Steady unchanEed 5 points down:
March, 48 95: May, »BiHfgiß 95; June, $8 9 @9:
July, f8 95@9: September and January, ♦;<(§»
9 05: December, $9. spot Rio, dull; No. 7,
9y 2 @95/ B e.
SUGAR — Quiet. Fair refining, 2 13-I6c;
centrifugals, i) 6 test, 3i,ic; refined, dull: off A,
3y B @4c '? tt>: mold a, 4%c; standnrd A, 4y 2 c;
crushed, 4%c; powdered, -i Vac; granulated, 4V*c.
i-ruit ami Produce.
APRICOTS— Bags. lie.
it.ACPI-.i — Uupeeled. bags, 6y 2 @9c; do Peelei,
boxes, 10@15c.
PRUNKs-Four sizes, 4041/40.
RAISINS— Two crown L. M., 4V4c; three
crown, 6Vic; four crown, 6@6 l /ic; London layers,
SI 3001 i>s: clusters. $1 70
A MONDS— Soft bhell, I\-MH\ac; paper shell,
lOfdl-^c.
WALNUTS— standard. 7c; do soft shell, 9c.
HOPS— Quiet; Pacific Coast. 3@l3c
WOOL — Firm, moderate demand. Domestic
fleece, 16(523c.
Merchandise.
riOIROX — Quiet. American. 810 25@10 50.
COPPER— Steady. LaKe. *11@12.
LKAD-Higher. Domesuc. .1 40@i 45.
ll>— Easy. ftraits, $13-40@13 60. Plates
moderatel* active.
SPELTER— steady; domestic, *6 10@5 15.
CUICACO MARKETS.
CHICAGO, Ir.i,. March 5 —Wheat had a lively
and strons openlns market this morning, first
prices being from 6,^ to 1c higher than yester
day's closing prices. The Euro] political situa
tion has again become a factor and caused the
appreciation in prices this morning. New York
reported that cable offers last night had met with
no acceptances. There was a weakening feature
an.l caused some selling of wheat here. Receipts
in the Northwest were quite liberal at 298 cars,
a-ainst 130 last Friday and 331 a year ago. Chi
cago received 16 cars and inspected out 34,260
bushe p. laier the market became strong and a.l
vanced to opening figures, the war scare remaining
the factor. Exports were fair at 351,911 bushels.
Closing Continental cables were irregular, Paris
being higher a d Berlin and Antwerp lower. May
wheat opened from 76Vjc to 76Vic, sold between
75% c and 765^0, closing at the outside, i@iygc
higher than yesterday. Estimated receipts tor
to-morrow, 17 cars. No. 2 rd , spot, wheat
ranged from 84% cto 87 /8 C , closing about 85S/g<6
87V2C
COKN— Was affected by the war alarm, t>v
lighter receipts than expected— 2Bs cars— ana by
the burning or a»i elevator at Peona containing
250,000 bushes of this grain. The house which
owned the elevator was a good buyer. With
drawals from store were light at 9628 bushels.
Liverpool cables quoted i/id advance. Exports
were 195,485 bushels. May corn opened at 24yi~,
sola between 24i/ B @24y4C, closing at the outside,
1 /2@VBC higher th.iti yesterday. Estimated receipts
for to-morrow, 295 cars.
OA'l : ne uousethut bought corn against th«
burned elevator stocks at Peorla was also promi
nent as a purchaser of oats, there having been
3011,000 bushels or this grain burned. This was a
tinning influence as was also the general specula
tive uneasiness noted in the other grains. Re
ceipts were 23it cars. There were no withdrawals
from store. Kxr>or:s were 90,778 bushels. May
oats closed 3/ B @y,c higher than yesterday. Esti
mated receiui* for to-morrow 260 cars.
FLaX— Was firm. cash No. 1, 78% c: North
weitern, 79y 2 @7Bc. Receipts were 30 tars.
PROVISION^— The proJuct market experi
enced considerable activity, and the tone was
firm. A higher hog market was an inducement to
buyers, in addition to which the bulls appreciated
the full cousequ?nces of European trouble an'!
were to-day Inclined to anticipate it. May pork
closed 12y 2 c higher. May lard 5c higher, and May
ribs 71/3 C higher.
BUTTER— Was steady bat not active to-day.
Demand for fine make* wis slow, hers selling
well. . (•:.._.
Creameries— Kxtras. 18c; draw, lf@l7c; sec
onds, 14@15c; imitations, fancy, ji'@l4c. Dairies
—Extras. 16c: firms. 14@15c; seconds. 9910 c.
Ladles— Extras, ll(^12c: hists, 8y 3 «g»y 3 c; packing
tiock. 8c; grease, 2i/ 2 @3c; roll butler, 10c
EGGS— The demand was good, but offerings
were heavy, and the market was no more than
steady. Fresh sock !0y 8 c per dozen.
MONEY— Was 4i/4@a% on call and 6% on time
loans. . New York excnangesold at 55c discount.
Closing Prices.
WHEAT— March, 756/ 8 c; May, 76% c; July,
73 %C
CORN — March, 24 14 c: May, 24E/ 8 c; July,
25% c
OATS— March, 16c; May, 17y.c; April, 16c;
July, 18% c.
PORK— May, $8 65.
LARD-May. S3 aO: July. $4 80.
RIBS-May, *4 371*; July. $1 47 1,2-
Livestock.
UNION STOCKYARDS, 11.1,, March s.—Sup
plies of cattle are failing oft as compared with re
cent weeks and are behind corresponding receipts
in recent years. This week's receipts will amount
to but 000 head,'- against 44,110 h year a. 1 o and
79.70J for the corresponding week of 1893 a time
of abundant supplies This ■ has been a good week
for sellers and prices advanced on an average
S&X ¥> 100 lbs Buyers look hold freely and ex
porters took hold liberally. The quality of the of
ferings was poor. To day's arrivals were estimated
at 3500 head, against 2631 last Friday. The de
mand was active and prices were, strong to 10c
hi cher
Hogs have been sent this way quite freeli- this
week, nut the receipts have fallen more than 10.- !
000 behind last week and will run behind toe cor- '
responding week two years a.o. when supplies
were liberal. The quotation was steady and city
packers have taken hold freely. There was also a
good shipping demand. With estimated receipts
to-day of 23.0U0, a decrease of 81-00 as compared
with the same day of last week, prices advanced
&<■ t* 100 Its
Plenty of sheep and lambi have been received
this week, lh<! supply aggregating 66,000. which
Is an increase of about 3000 over last wee!:.
There has b en an excellent demand and 1.1 .<■
snowed increased strength. During the last two
days, however, a weaker tone has developed
under a lessoned demauJ, and s ties ' to-day were
10c lower. : . .
CATTLE— Receipts. 4500. Fair beeves. $6 30
'0,5 40; choice to prime steers, S5 4006 45: good
to choice steers, $4 60@4 86; medium steers,
$4 35(a.4 55: fair beef steers. $4 05@4 M: com
mon beef steers. $3 35@4 00: good to prime sto;k
ers and feeder*. $3 M)@l 25: common to good
do. 83 35(33 80: bulls, choice to extra. $3 50
@3 75; do poor 10 choice. .s.' 40fai3 40; cows and
heifers, choice to prime. $3 80@~4 25: cows, fair
to choice, i*2 75©3 74; do common to fair dinners.
SI 40 © 2 &0; calves, good to fancy. $5 75@6 26;
do common to good, $ ', 50@5 50: Texas led steers,
fair to choice, S3 &o@4 25: Texas cows, bulls and
oxen, $2 f>o@3 60; milkers and springers, per
head, 525@45.
Receipts. 23,000. Heavy packing and
shipping lots. $;■$ 3003 80: common to choice
mixed. 83 60&3 80: choice assorted, $3 76($
3 80: light. S3 70@3 85; pigs. S3 40@3 85.
SHEEP— 3000. Inferior to choice,
12 75@4 25; lambs, $3 503,5.
' Receipts at Omaha.
FOI7TH OMAHA. Nfbr.. March 6— nnas-
Receipts, 4500. Light and mixed, S3 6533 60:
heavy. S3 60@S 65. ...
CATTLE — Receipts. 3500. Market b-»rely
steady Steers, $3 60@4 25; cows, : SI 50@3 60;
feeders. $3 25@4 40. Z :■,.,■
SHEEP— Receipts. 3700. Market stead v to
weak. Colorado lambs, $ 3 66; feeders, 93 40.
Receipts at Kanais
KA NBAS CITY. Mo.. March '6— CATTLE—
Receipts, 4401. - Market steady. -• Native - dressed
beef grades, $4@4 80: stockers and feeders, S3 4 0
@5 26; Texas and Western, t3@X 30; calves,
Ss^o. v
: hiios- neceipts, 5000 Market strong. 10c
blehxr. Light, f3 66; Deavy, S3 6533 70; piss,
93 25@3 60. ■ ' ■ •• '-■■'■■• * -' - : :-.: * "
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MARCH 6, 1897.
KHKKP "— Receipts, 2*oo. Market steady 10
lower.
DUN'S REVIEW . OF TRADE.
NEW YORK. N. V.. March 5.— X. Dun * Co.
will say to-morrow in tli»ir weekly review of
trade: , The slow and , gradual improvement in
trade has continued during tl>»*past week. There
is a better demiiud tor moti products on the whole
with continuance of speculative buying in some,
notably in wool, because of expected duties.
Meanwhile money markets continue as easy and
undisturbed as if there never ha.l been any anxiety
about tne cod reserve, and fairly large sales:, f
stocks on London account during the week possi
bly because of mien atlonai anxi ties have made
110 perceptible cliff rentes in American markets.
Report* of probable need, abro.id have ne.ped
speculation in wn-at somewhat, but i, has risen
but 3 rents, though the price is sail lower than
two weeks a.i;o. . *
Corn is a cent stronger, about the price of two
weeks ago. Western receipts of wheat are still
small, 1,559,281" bushels against 2.301,633 last
year, and the Atlantic exports, flour included,
were for the week 1,232,412 bushels, against
1,541,135 last year, but ihf corn exports continue
so heavy as to compensate largely.' if not wholly,
for RDy decrease in wheat, amoun ting for the
week to 2,779 974 bushels, Gulf pore* not in
cluded, against' 1,014. 391) last year. Reckoning
ha f a bushel of corn for one bushel of wheat, the
«r»in supply of other countries continues much
larger than a year a«O.
> ouon has declined an eighth and with good
i- "a ion. Although the receipts from plantations fall
off the decrease is not greater ihmi the decrease in
consumption, Owing to the stoppage of mills. As
there is comparatively little cotton available in
the country the lnnrKet i.i very convenient for
speculators to manipulate.
While many of the mills have stopped produc
tion «i cotton goods for a lime the general outlook
is on the who.c unchanged and the demand for
goods does not Improve while print cloths are a
suave lower. The demand for wool has dimin
ished although out little, lhe boot and shoo in
dustry can leckon a good many more shops at
work and shipments have been an large for the
past four weeks as In any previous year. The
market for materials has not changed to any Im
portant extent.
Wh.lu the demand for Bessemer pig has sus
stainea the recent advance to $10 75 per ton at
t'itisluirg and giay forge is still quoted at $9 40
and there is less cutting in prices to get mote
business In fiuisbe l products, tup general ranee
of prices still continues very low. Wire nails
have been advance.l by very heavy buying to
$1 40 per keg, without change in cut nails, which
are dull, and mere is less evidence of Eastern
mi. Is se. ling rails below $-0, except for export,
tome sale ßOf .i.at character having been made at
$18. \Vra em makers are sal 1 to be linn at $21
per ton. but ihe demands of moat impoitant rail
ways have been supplied for the present. The con
sumers of billets aie not in he market Just now,
and with somewhat larger production of pinion
it may be doubted whether outs de of rails the
demand for finished products equals the capacity
of in* works.
Failures for the week have bean 246 in the
United Estates against 285 last year, and 59 in
Canada against till last year.
BANk CLKAKI.VGS.
NEW YORK, N. V., March s.— Bank clearing
totals at the principal cities for the week ended
March 4, 1897, with comparisons, as telegrapned to
Bndatxwt'ss
Percentage
Cities. ; Amount. Inc. Dec.
New York $76.;. i 74,61:5 6 3
Chicago. '..'.'..".1' 81.414,512 10.8
Boston I 95,555.123 6.7
Philadelphia 6 i,oß'.',M'B 8.9
St. Louis 26.P8V-258 15.4
PHtsburg ...«. 15,579.243 13.1
Baltimore 14.361,7-6 ...... 5.9
San Francisco 14,581,656 8.8
Cincinnati 11,516,400 2.4
Kansas City 9.634, *63 1.0
Minneapolis 6,6-0.865 i4O
bit Paul 2.8H1.704 -6.4
Omaha 4,365.35i3 18 ,
Denver _ 1.731.709 3.5
bait Lake 1.-263.2-2 4.1
Portland, Or HX3.-T3 21.3
Los Angeles 1,456,226 19.9
Seattle 42&.631 6.3
Tacoma 627,415 26.6
Spokane 539. 6i7
Totals U. S 81,010,423,61*7 5.1
Outside of New YorK
City ~ 438,35 1 2.00 .' 3.5
DOMINION OF CANADA.
TotaL $16,849,8-3 ...... 1.7
NEW VOKK STOCKS.
Bonds. J.xchaiifjc, Money ami Railroad
Shares.
Money on call easy at Mt@lViV: last loan y %'.
and cosing offered at V>%- Prim.- mercantile paper.
3%. Ear silver, 64c. Mexican dollars, 50i/t@»slyaC.
Mi-rllng exchange steady, wltn actual business in
bankers' bills at $4 85Vi(£04 85V2 "' 60 days and
$4 87@4 871/4 for demand, Posted rates, $4 86@
4 88. Commercial bills, $4 84(94 85. Govern
ment bonds firm: state bonds quiet; railroad
bonds easier. Sliver dull.
CI.OSINS stocks."
Am Tei & Cable... 86 North American... 4%
Atchlson 12 Northern Paclflc. 14
Preferred 28 i Preferred «7Vs
Adams Express... 149 " j Northwestern,. 106ti/4.
Alton, Terre Haute 56 Preferred 16">
American Exoressll i^gX V Central.....;.. 97
American l'obaoco 71-Yh'N Y. Chicago ASt L 13
Preferred lU6 I Ist preferred 70
Kay Slate Oas x /i 2d preferred. . 281.4
Baltimore <fc Ohio.. 15 IX V* N H 174
Brunswick Lands. V N V <S New Eng... 37
Buffalo, Rooh it P. ll«3,i|N' V, Susq & W.... 8^
Canada Pacific 6Si /4i -"'referred „ 25
Canada Southern.. 47 lOntarlo ............ 10
Canton Land ... 6UT/ 8 !outarlo * Western 143
Central Paciac 10i/ 4 |Oresonimprovmnt
ches <fc Ohio 17W Preferred —
Cbicneo Alton 168' Oregon Navigation 11
Preferred 172 Oregon Short Line. 14
Chicazo, B & Q.... 7 til/ s Pacific Mall 2til/s
Chicago <£ E 111 4M I'eoria. Dit Evan* IV*
Preferred 95 Pittsbur? <t W pfd. 15
Chicago as.. . 77 Pullman Palace.... 159
Clev*<fc Plttsbur'g. Quicksilver 1
Consolidation CoaL 33 Preferred 12
Consolidated Ga5. .153 Reading............ 246/3
CC C St Louis... ili UloOrande&Westa 12
Preferred 95 1 referred 38V S
Colo Fuel & Irca.. 216/ Rock Island 68
Preferred *5 RomeWat.SOgdßn.ll7
Cotton 0.1 Cert 12 BtL&SW. 3%
Commercial Cable. 150 , Preferred 105/ 8
Del Hudson 108 st Paul 70fi),8
Del Lack&Westrn. 154 j Preferred 2SJ>r«4
Denver <fe R U 10%'et Paul & Dulutn.. Is
Preferred 4oy 3 ! Preferred 90
Distillers. |St Paul & Omaha.. 553/*
General Electric... Ssy± Preferred 139y 3
Erie. IH/s St V M <t t0.. ...... IJS
Preferred 331/4 Sliver Certificates. 64 Vs
Fort Wayne . 163 (southern Pacific. 14 1
Great Northern Dfdl2o Southern X X 8%
Green Bay — Preferred 37 : 4.
Harlem ..a»3 Sugar Refinery H6S/g
Hocking Coal- 4 Preferred: 104Vt
Hocking Valley... i l A Term Coal & Iron.. 27%
Nomestake 25 | Preferred t<o
H <fc Texas Central Texas Pacific 81/4
Illinois Central.... 92% Tol A A <fc N Mich.
lowa Central. 7 1 01 Ohio & Central 15
Preferred 25 | Preferred... 60
Kansas & Texas... 12% Tol St Louis &1C 0 9' •>
Preferred 31 j Preferred 18V«
Kingston & Penu.. A Union Pacific 6y 8
Lake Erie <fc Westa 16'/ U P Ben &Gulf.... 1%
Preferred 67y 2 Li b Cordage. —
Lake snore 168% Preferred
National Lead 2Bi/2i Guaranteed — —
Preferred 91. C S Express :..... So
Long Island 46 V Leather 8V 8
Louisville A Nash. 4«V 2 Preferred 59,4
Louisville, N A 1 nay V 4 C 8 Rubber 20
Preferred ly*l Preferred 78
Manhattan con Btj%!nilca<t B River... 150
Memphis & Chart* 15 lU'ab sI. & Pacitt ■. 6
Mexican Centra^... 8 I I'rcferred 16 ■
icblgan Central.. 94 ' Weiis-Farco. 100
i!i:i:i,tsi. Western Union.... »^Va
Preferred — Wisconsin Central. IMb
llliiii&.Ml.rora . 18 Wheeling ,<-• LE... 16 : V«
Ist preferred 7«% i' Preferred ;... •Vs
2dDreferred 46 'Am Cotton Oil pfd. 56V,
Missouri Pacific... 2iy 2 WUBeef 6V4
Mobile & ohlo 20 I Ann Arbor 9
Nashville & i;n»ts. 671/2* Preferred ... iS%
National Linseed.. 12% Brooklyn Traction. 2i'/4
N J Central 85 Erie 8d p.'d -2)
Norlolk & We&trn. 14^! American Spirit* . )3-Vs
i'ieierrea — 27 1 Preferred 33%
CIOSIXU KINDS.
A III Class A 45..... 11151/, Northern Paclsts.ll6
Do Class R 4. Bs. 104 Do 2d« .. 66
Alabama, class C. th DoSds.. .. 88
AUhison 4s A2i/(i DoconsolSs
Do-ids A 4«s/ B Or lmprovmni Ist 88
Canada South 3ds. 105 ! Do 6s. 20
Cen I'ac lgts of*9s IkßtNlik, . 113
; Cherokee 4s. 1896. — Do consol 5s ' — '
1897 100 Ol short Line 65... 11 9
DOIB9K 100 ; Doconsoi 5s .. 76
D 01899 100 ; Pacific 6s or ' 97 -
riles A Ohio 6»....lloyß'Phlla<tK*adlnit4s 811/4
Ch<tN PIT Rctsss 42»' 8 Do Ist pfd incom. 44y a
D C 3-665. lU9V4 " OrandeWestlsis 7«V4
Den & R Ist 111,3,4 St L&lronMtGenSs 75
Bo «s.. 88 St L&SFGen 05..111%
Erie 2ds .65 bt Paul Consols. ... 134
itW&DenClty lsts 69U,|>t Pc& Pa lsts 117
GH<t S A 6»...... 104 So Carolina 4Vas... 106
Do2d 75.......... !-53^ Southern H hoi. fc9%
Gen Debss... 9o Do Pac Cal lsts.. 107
v Tex Cent 65... 110 ITenn new 3s. .... 77%
Do con 65.. ....... 10.! Texas Pac 1gt5..... 89y«
lowa Central »4y a Jexas Pac 2d3 21 Va
Kansas Pa Consols 74 Union Pac lsts96.lo6Va
BPa lsts Den 16 U8 4s reg of 1 925. 123 V 4
La Consol 45.. ...... an -> Do 4s, coupon.... 12: iy 4
Missouri funding V B4s reg of 1907.111
*1 T 2ds. 59% Eo4s, coupon 113
., I>o 45...... .,;..„ 84% Do 25... ......... 95y,
Mobile 4 Ohio 45.. 67 Doss. reg.. 114
Mntoal Union .110 Do 6s. coupon" ill 14
v- J Cent Gon 55...116 i/i Va funding deot... 623/.
N VC&BtLouls4slos Do registered. .... ', !
Nor«fe WestUen 65122 'Do deferred 6s V 5.:.
X> t£ L Oitn * con 45.102i/fe Do trust rent stp'i 51^1 |
K 1X>8»... ...... ....122.- Wabash Ist Ks.. ...107 , 1
r.t>rthwesiConßOl».l4iy4 West buore 4a...,, 1071,
>Mi> 111% /8
FOREIGN MARKETS.
WHEAT IN LIVKBPOOL.
LIVERPOOL, Ens., March 6.— The spot market
la steady at 6s 7@fis Bd. Cargoes are firmer at 33s
li/fed, tellers, prompt shipment.
FUTHBES.
The Produce Exchange cable gives the following
Liverpool quotations for No. 2 Red Winter: March.
6s 3%d; May, 6s sd; July, 6s sd. ;
8KCl:RITIK8. •
LONDON, Eng., March 6.— Consols, lllVg:
•liver, 293/ 8 d; French Rentes, 102f 40c. .
EXCHANGE AND BILLION.
Sterling Exchange, 60 day 5......... — 14 86%
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 BH3/I
Sterling Cab1e5.......;.....;.;....... — 89
Hew York Exchange, sight ...' — - t 10*'
New Yor* Exchange, telegraphic.. — 15
Fine silver, per ounce.'.... .....' — ' 64
, Mexican Dollars .;.....;........ — 61Vi
PRODUCE MARKET.
WHEAT AM) .TH£K BAINS.
WHEAT— The market Is firm in sympathy with
better prices East and abroad. Quoted at $1 is@
1 «2% * ctl lor common grades, $1 35@1 37V 2 "#
c U. for average .No. 1, $1 40 ctl for choice and
$1 42i/£@l 47y a %> ctl tor ex.ra choice milling. imtf
CALL BOARD SALK3.
Informal SESSION— 9:I6 o'clock— May— 2ooo
ctls. 91 38. . ,
Second Skssion— Mny— 4ooo ctls, $1 37 3
I Kkhblar iiioßxiNa 5-ksrion— emb-r—^ooo
ctls, $1 l»i/ 8 : 23.000. $1 IO14: -OO'J, *1 19. May
-6000, $1 3sy a ; 20u0, $1 3»i/i: 4000, $1 38V :
4000, ■$ • " 38. - - ■ '.■■' " " ' ■
aktekkoon Session— May— lo,ooo ctls, $1 38:
112,000.l 12,000. .-id ;<«y 8 . ember- 2000, $1 19Vs ; 4000,
*1 li"/4- '
BAKLEY-The market shows no change what
ever and Is dull. Feed 7L'i»@77V"C 1* ctl: Brew
ing. 87 V2@92i/2C • •- -■■■' "•
. CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal kssion— o'clock— No sales.
Skcond SKBSION— No sa'.en.
Hum-Ms Morning -kssion— No sales.
AFTERNOON ISKSSION— May— 4ooo CliS, 74c;
6000, 745/ c. ■
OATS— ..usiness is of a purely jobblnc character.-
Milling, $1 26@1 80: Fancy Feed, *1 3U%@l 35;
Common While, tl@l 10; good to choice, si 16@
I .30, according io quality: BUck lor feed, 95c®
*1 05; for s-ed, $1 "o@l 30; Gray, $1 16®l lis;
Red, $1 10®l 20; fcurprme, *1 40@l 50 $ cv.
CORN— A further advance in Large Yellow is
noted. Tner.- are no receipts of any consequence
and the whole market is li-Dding upward. Large
Yellow, 80ia 82 Vac- Small Round do, 95(^97 Vic;
White, B.jfgißic ft ctl.
H YE— BsiSß7l,.,c a ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— Quoted at $1 15@1 25 * ctl.
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFF9.
The China steamer took out 8692 bis Flour.
Corn products are advancing. j
FLOUR— Net cash prices are: Family extras,
$4 85®4 95: Bakers' extras, $4 75®4,85; Super
flue $4®4 35 r tt bbl. • •
I'OIiNMKAL ETC.-Feed Corn, $17 50@18;
Cracked Corn. $18®18 60 ~& ton.
MILLSTUFFsi— Prices in sacks are as follow,
usual discount to the trade: Graham Flour. s"2 85
V 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 75 100: Rice Flour,
$5 75: Cornmoal, $'^®2 2a; extra cream do, $2 76;
untmeal, $3 50; Oat Groats, $4; Hominy, $3 10
@3 30; Buckwheat Flour, $3 26©3 60; Clacked
Wheat. 93 60; Farina, $4; Whole Wheat Flour,
*3; Rolled Oats (bbls). $5 6U@5 90; Pearl Barley,
*3 75&4; Split Peas, S3 60; Green do, $4 26 It
100 lbs.
HAY AND FKEDSTUFFs.
BRAN— $12 60®13 for the best and 811 50(312
V ton for outside brands.
MIDDLINGS— SIB®I9 for lower grades and
$19 60@'20 50 %* ton lor the best.
FKKD.sTUtFS — Rolled Barley, $17®17 60: ,
Ol cake Meal a. the mill, f-!6 50 '$ ton; jobbing, !
$27 50: clipped Oats. SI 30 fed 50 * ctl.
II AY — Wheat, $Kcll: Wht-at and Oat, $7(3
10; Oat, S6@9: Baney. if 7(0.8 50: River Barley,
$s(alb 50; Alfalfa, ?6(g;7 50: compressed. $6®
9 M); stock, $5(o.«; i lover, 5638 %i ton.
STRAW— 2S®SOc %* bale. i
BEANS AND SKiSDS.
■ ■•:■ •^••- ■
BEANS — Bayos, $1 50(a)l 65 V ctl: Smail
Whites. $1 10®l 20 # ell; Lane Whites, 51®
15: Piu.s, $1 10@l 25: Reds. $1 10 a 1 25;
Blackeye, $1 26(ail ;i6. Red Kidney, $2 25: Li mas,
$1 80fo,2; Butters, 81 260] 50; Pea, «1 10® 1 30.
SEEUS— Brown Mustard, *2 50ftii'2 75; Ye low
Mustard. 51 75@2 %» cil: Flax, $1 50rd)l bO; Ca
nary -eed, 13/4@2i4c V Ib; Alfalfa, 6Vic; I. ape,
2VaS2%c; Hemp, 3c; Timothy, 4Vjjc.
blilKi) PEAS— Niles $I@l 20 %* ctl; Green,
$1 40@l 50 B ctl.
POTATOES, OlsiOSs, VEGETABLES.
Rhubarb was lower under receipts of 169 boxes!.
Tomatoes are trosted and do not sell. Potatoes
mil Unions are unchanged. '.
POTATOKS— New Potatoes. 3@sc %* Ib: Sweet
Potatoes, 75 accord to quality; Early Hose.
70^,80c; River Heds, 70080 c; Burbank Seedlings.
60<&ti5c •$ ctl for Rivers, '9ocii£Sl 10 for Salinas and
65(S.S0c for Petalumas; Oregon Burbanks, 65®
$110.
ONIONS— SI 25@1 50 V ctl; Cut Onions, 60c®
> $1; Orettons, $1 7l@J.
VEGETABLES— Mushrooms are quotable at
10@20c i* . Ib; i-gg P.'ant, 10c %» lb; Hothouse
Cncumberi. sOc(Ssl 25 9 doz; Asparagus. 10c $ Ib
for common aiid~l2V2Ca)l" 1 /aC for choice: Rhubarb,
$1 6(J@l 75 %* box; Los Angeles Summer >quash,
nominal: Los Angeles Green Peppers, 50® 00c: Mar
row fa Squash. $b(a>7 »* ton; Los Angeles Tomatoes,
60<^,$l %4 bi.x: DneU Peppers, 7c %* lh; Green I'eas,
4@?c "•§> Ib; Los Angeles string Beans, 10@12J,i &
Jb: Dried Okra. B@9c "0 tb; Cabbage, 40®50c "#
ctl; Carrots, i:6®3oc;«) sack; Garlic, lV 2 @2c^ lb.
BUTT EH, CHEESE AND EGGS.
BUTTER— Creamery Is still weaker. Other
grades are unchanged.
I ream kky— Fancy creameries, 18@19c: sec
onds, lti@l7l/2C IS tb.
' Dairy— Fancy, 15@16c tt>; good to choice, 13
@14c: lower grades. 12<jg*12Va''.
Picklkd— 13®14c %« Ib tor old and 15c ft &> for
new. .
. Firkin— l3<3l4c 9 Ib for old and 15c V Ib for
new.
Crkamery Tub— l6@l7c ii* Ib.
CHKESK- Choice mild new, Pc; common io
good, t)@7VaC. Cream Cheddar, lO(^)llc; Youne
America, M".,..i.i)f %* Ib; Western, ll®12c; East
ern. J4@l4i/.c ' ' ■■- ..■:
EGGS— The marKev is firm, but prices show no
further improvement. Ration Kegs, '11%®13c;
store Eggs, llfell Vac -f. doz; Duck Eggs, 15c.
POULTRY AND GAME.
POULTRY— Eastern, $3 50@4 50 for Hens.
$3 60@4 for old Roosters, $5 26®5 SO for young
Roo ti-rs and $5 for Fryers. ' ' •
Home stock is in moderate receipt, and It Is just
as well, considering the arrivals from the Ens'
Live Turkeys, 13(g;14 i» Ib for (iobb'ers, 13(ai4c
%* lh for Ileus: Dressed Turkeys, i:@lßc 9 Ib:
Ueese, V pair. $1 SO®l 75; tiosilnzs, .f2 60@3;
Ducks, $4 60®5 lor old and $6@7 lor young;
r:ens. $3®4 %* doz: Roosters, youui:, $5@5 60:
do. old, S3 50; Fryers, Ss®s 60: Broilers, $4 50
@5 lor large and !f;-(g,-l for small; Pigeons, $.'(£
•j 50 1* doz for young and $1 26 for old.
(iAME-Knglish Snipe, $3 9 dozen:' Hare, 50®
75c: Rabbits, > 1 50 for Cottontails and *1 25 for
small: Oray Geese, $2 50; White Geese, 750;
Brant, $l(u.i 25.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
No chance in any description.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Apples, SI 50@2 box for choice and $I@l 25
for common.
CITRUS FRUITS— NaveI Oranges are quotable
at $1 75@3 >» box: Seedlings, 75c@$l 25 «i box:
Lemons, 6 ic®sl for common and $1 26®'2 for
good to choice; .Mexican Limes,s4£o®s: California
Limes. 75c: Bananas, $I(s2 %>• bunch: Pineapples,
■•?'. -".-I * doz.
DRIED FRUITS. I:AISINS, NUTS, ETC.
DRIED FRUITS— Quotations are nominally as
follows : '■ ££*£ -'- 'A-'
Carload Lots— Apricots, 6@9c for Royals and
II V2®l'2c for choice to lancy Sloorparks: Prunes,
2y 2 @23/ 4 c for the 4 slzfs: Peaches, 4f<fjsV»c for
prime to choice. ay a @7c • for fancy and
KgllOc for peeled in boxes: Apples. 6®
sVic for evaporated and # .®2%c for sun-dried;
Pears, 2^@sc lor prime to choice, 4®s^c for
quurters and 6@tiV2'' for ha yes: Plums. 4c for
pitted and 1 1 2 c for unpitted; Nectarines, 2 <&
4y 3 c for Choice and sy,c for fancy ; White Figs,
3c: Black Fig*. lM,4(gs2Vsc.
.lobbino FKicKs-IVaches, ':■' 4t^@!>U,o %* Ib:
fancy, 6y 2 @7y 2 c :•' Ib: peeled, 1 2U t f- Ib Apri
cots, 6y2'&9.: V- lti; fane-. 10c; .Mooiparus, lsf®
13c; evapora td A |>p.es, 5«4e; sun-diieU. 2:'/ 4 (co3c;
Primes. 3ra.3iic for the 4 sizes; Figs, black, 3c for
impressed aid 3@BVic for pressed; white Figs. 4c;
Plums. 4y 2 @sc for oitted and iy a c for unpitted:
N.ctarims. .(ajtic V Ib for prime lo fancy ; Pears,
'2-V4@sc for >\ Ijo.e, 4i/.@sy"C lor quarters and i*/%
@6y..cforh»lvei. ?~ "
RAISIN--—
Carload Pricks — Four-crown, loose. 63/ 6 c;
three-crown, 43/ gC '$ 1b; two-crown. 3-y»c IP Ib;
seedli-ss Sultanas, 6V2C; seedless Muscatels, 43/ 8 c;
three-crown London layers. *1 16: clusters, $1 .>»0:
Dehesa clusters, $2 60; Imperial clusters, $3;
dried drapes. 3c v lb.
Jobbing Pricks- Francisco— Four-crown,
loose, 5:14 c; 3-ciown,- 43,40: 2-crown. 3%c; seed
less Sultanas, 5%c; . seedless Musca.ela, 4»/™c;
3-crown London layers, $125: clusters, $1 00:
Dehesa clusters, $2 75: Imperial clusters. $3 5:5.
N UTS— Chestnnts quotable at B@lo -; Walnuts
6Vis@.c IB 111 for standard and a®9'. ¥tb for
snf.shWl: Almonds, f^eMjC for LaiiKuedoc, $(A
3y 2 c for hardshell »nd 8®93 It Ib for papersnell;
Peanuts, 4@6i Ib for Eastern and 4c tor Call
lornia; Hickory Nuts f'@6i: V Ib; Pecans. 7Wcft
8' • %* tb: illbcrts, 7y,®Bc: Brazil Nuts, 7VaS6c;
Cocoanutß, *.">(g)S tO V 1 00.
HONEY— Comb, 10@12y a c for bright and s@9c
for lower grade*; water-white extracted. !i@sy c;
light amber extracted, 4V"®4S/ic; dark amber, 4(A
4^c: dane, i;@3c tb. •
BEESWAX-22®26C 9 Ib.
VISIONS
The market is quiet and unchanged. .
CURED Mh ATS— Bacon. 6c i» Ib for heavy, 7c
V Ib for light medium. 9i/ic for light, 10c * lb fo<»
extra light and liy 2 c *tb for sustar-cured. Eas:
eru sugar-cured Hums, 11@12M|C: • California
Hams. lU@ioi -; Mess Beef, *7®7 50; extra
mess do, *H(oh oO: - family do. $9 su(a>lo; extra
prime Pork, $7 5048: extra clear. *16 » Obis
mess. $14$ bbl: Smoked Bee», 10c ft lb.
LARD— Eastern tierces is quoted at 6»/ic for
compound ana 614(8634.0 for pure: palls, 7V*c;
California tierces.' 6Vi®6 /ie for compound and
6y4@By a c pure: bali-bbis, 7c; 10- It tins, 7*Ac:
do. £1 Ib, 73/ic ib .
o COTTOLiiNE-si/4@6«/ic " In. tierces and 7%@
Bi/gc in 10- tb tins. -. •. '..'..
HIDES, TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS
HIDES AND SKINS-Culls and brands sell Io
under sound stoc». Heavy , salted steers are quot
able at 8c » Ib; medium, 7c ?Üb: light, 6@6 y,c:
Cowhides, 6®6y a c; salted Kip, 60 * Ib: salted
Calf, 7®Bc: salted Veal, 6c; dry - Hides, l^Va©
13c: culls and brands, 9Va@lOc * Ib; dry Kip and
Veal. 9@loc; dry Calf, loc: culls, 10c; Goatskins,
20@35each: Kids, sc; Deerskins, good summer,
25c ?» Ib; medium, 20c: winter, 10c; sheepskins,
shearlings, Ju®2oc each :• short wool, 26(535c
c» h: medium, 30®46c each; long wools, 40®60c
each. ■ ■■•'..,.■ v v ■ ■ ■..■■■■.■■ f.
TALLOW— No. 1, rendered, S@3V4cj ; Na 2,
2y 2 c: refined. sc; Grease. 2c V Ib.
•Wool— San Joaquln, 4@6c; Eastern Oregon, 7©
10c Ib. :,-~ : ,
HOPS— 6®Bo for fair to choice and 9®loc « Ib
for fancy.
GINERAL MERCHANDISK.
■ BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags, spot, 6c; June-
delivery. 5i/ 8 c ; San Quentin, sc: Wool Bags, 24%
©26^'-. : ... *;,/>,
COA.L,-Welllngion, $8 ft ton: New Wellington,
$8 per ton; South field Wellington. $7 60 f> ton: 1
Seattle, 45 60: Bryant, $5 60; ■ Coos Bay. $4 75
1?, ton; 'A'allsend, .$6 50 %i -ton: Cumberland,
$13 50 $ ion in bulk and $1-5 in sacks: Penn
sylvania, Anthracite Egg, $Il@l2 ■$ ton: Welsh
Ambracite. $8(<$10: Caunel, $8 %* ton: Hock
Springs, Castle uate and Pleasant Valley, *7 60;
Coke. Sll®l2in bulk and $13* ton in ska. "
- HICI- — The. market rules arm. Chinese mixed,
$3 60@3 65: So. 1, S3 76 03 90 * ctl: extra No. 1,
$4 20204 60; liawaiian, »4 25®4 37 V*; Japan,
33 iM«4 ;0. ,-:.:,.••. ■ '. > - - -•:•••,
SUUAR— The Western v ugar Kefin ing Company
quotes, terms net cash: cube an i Crushed, 6%c: ,
Powdered, s Vic: Fine Crashed. 5%c: Dry Granu
lated, 4 %c: Confectioners A, 45/ 8 c: Maie»oUa A.
4Vic: :i xtia C, 4 V 3 c: Golden C. 4c; half barrels
!,ic more than barrels and boxes Va more. , .;, -
SAN FRANCISCO] MEAT MARKET.
A decline in Spring Lamb is the only change.
Wholesale rates for dressed stock from slaugh
terers are as follows: '-•'.';
BKKF— First quality, 6c: second, S@SV2C; third
d0,.4@4V a c '£ tb. . ,
VEAL— Lar^, 6®6c: small, 6@7c * lb.
■ MUTTON— Wethers, 6@6y a c; Ewes, sV4®6c
V tb. . •: . -. , ■ ...
LAMB-Spring, H@By a c * !b.
PORK— Live i.ogs, 3V»@.>3/ic t* &> for large and
3%@4c for small and medium; dressed do, 4%
@be f* to. ■ . ... •
RECEIPTS OF FBOUUCE.
FOR '24 HOURS.
Hour, or sits.... 11,164 Chteie.cua...... 86
heat. ctls. . 140 h.«rs. a<n.. . 16,080
Barley, ct15...... 5,611 llldev no. . " 142
Rye. ctls... 52,000 Felts, bdls. .'.,*. 95
Bean*, 5ic*....... 1,234 Wine.' gals ..^. 27,400
Potatoes, ska.... 1,218 leather, r0115.... . 79
Onions. iv...._ .168 Mme. t>bl» 162
Hay. ions.... _ 384 Flaxseed, sits. ... 245 j
Straw, t0n5...... 41 1 I allow, cm...-- .112 |
bran, ska... 2,285 U.:uickillv«r. risks 60 I
Middlings, ski... 66f> Shorts, sks. 1,130 j
Butter. cv» 387 i Broom Corn, Ws. 377
»' "
FAMILY RETAIL MARKET.
Changes i his week are few and are confined to
Poultry and Vegetables, several descriptions of
which are lower.
Following is Tub Call's regular weekly retail
price list: ■-..'.
COAL— PFK TO*. .
Cannel —@10 00 Castle Uate. f6o@looo
Wellington. — ®10 00 Pleasant Val Pso@lo 00
New Wei- Isouthfleld
lington.... — ©10 00 Wellington — @ 50 I
Seattle...... 7 60® —Coos Bay... — <*» 676
I>AIBY fHi>l,vc;K. KT'V
Butter, fancy. V- • I Cheese, Eastern... 15®20 :
square.. 40©46 Cheese, Swiss... .20(330 |
flo, f>, roll :tS((D4O Common Eggs 12®16 j
do, g00d... -fd)3o RanchK«gsl»dz...ls®l7
Fielded roll 3<)(8 - Honey.comb, f11b.12®15
Firicin. — ®30 do, extracted a(SVJ
Cheese, Cai. ]2@ — |
MEATS— PETt POUND.
Baton .12®17 Pork, fresh 1?®15 !
Beef, choice 12@15 Pork, salt 10®12 !
do, good 8(g>10 Pork Chops 12&15' |
Corned 8eef....... 8& — Round Steak B®lo i
Ham. Ca1........12V2@15 Sirloin Steak... 12%® —
do, Eastern 15®16 Porterhouse, d 0... 17@20 :
Lard 12@15 Smoked Beef —©15 I
Mutton ... B<gl2 Pork bausages-... —©'20
Spring Lamb 12W.15 Veal 10<4iia
.*..;.-. POULTRY ANT. OAMK.
Henß,eacn 40(flt -60 Ducks, each... 60® 75
Yonng , Koostr Geese, each 1 50®2 60
era, eacn 50® 6<- Pigeons, t» pr.. 60S 60
Old Roosters, i ßabbits, ft pr.. S6® 40
each 40(3 60 Hare, eacu..... 15» 20 !
Fryers, each... s<J(a) - Wild (ieese.ea. 20® 30 I
Broilers, each.. — (g> 40ji<;iigSriipe,^dz —@3 50
Turkeys, 18® 20
.fruits AND N-n-rn.
Almonds, 1& tb 12(315 Limes, %>• doz 12®1 5
Apples. ■$ !b 4(«i 5 Oranges, ft <loz ...15(330
Bananas, ?» doz... 16(320 Raisins, '4 1b....... »&315
Cocoanuts, each... 46b d' Walnuts, «* Hi 15^ —
Lemons, «4 doz — 2(^3oj
VKOETARLm.'
Axparazus, i* Ib •• 15(a'J0:Mr'fat Squash, Ib 6@lo
Artichokes,i',doz76@l I .'6iDrie>l Okra. i» 1b..12@15
Beets, doz 12@15 Onions, fi Ib 4@ h
Beans, white ~s\b... 3@ 5 Peppers, dried ...16@— j
Colored. %» tt>..... :■(<* 6 do. gre»n. ft Ib . 10@15
Lima. %> Ib 4(s 6 Parsnips, f* 00r....16@'20 j
Cabbage, each 6@lo Potatoes, f> 1b..'... 2Ca> 3 |
Cauliflowers, each. 5&10 uo Swei-i, ♦>. Ib.. 3® 4
Celery, f<. bunch... 6<a — j Radishes. Wdzbchs.
Cress.*dzbunchs.2l)(a)2s ( llhubiirb. f» tb. 8(<alO
Garlic, ? Ib ....... s(qi — Sage, f. tt>....;.....26®35
Green Peas, * tb.. String Beans, $ 0.. — !<als
Lentils, %s tb..:.... «# » Thyme, Vlb 20^30
Lettuce, $ doz 15(g)25 Turnips, d0z.. ..15^21)
Mushrooms, ft it.. 20(^36 Tomatoes, '•> & — lU&US
iiBH— PKR pnUN'D. •■--';
8arracuda.......... -@— iShad.. B<a>lo
Carp 6® Sea Bass — (3 -
Codfish..... 12®15 Smelts. „ 12®15
F10under5... ....... 10(i» — 501e5....: 10@12
Halibut... .....12® 1 5 ! Skates. each 5@15
Herring :. B@lo.Sturgeon — (31*
Kinsflsh.. 6t0101T0mc0a....... 12@l i
Mackerel 12riil5'Clams, ■& gal. .. -<&50
do. Horse —@ — Do. hardshell, 9
Perch 664 b| 100...;.. 60@ —
I'omuano .....: -® — Crabs, each 12(^15
R0ckf15h. ...... 12®16|Do. softshell, * dz.25®36
Salmon, smoked. ..20^— 'Mussels, ~$ qrt.....10@12 !
Salmon, fresh... . . . 12®1 5 Oysters, Cal, * 100.40(3) -
tJhrimpa «(ajlO Do, Kasiern, V- d«.as(a)4o |
• — • — •
THE STOCK MAEKET.
There was not much change in mining stocks
yesterday. Business was very dull, as usual. The
market was firmer at the close.
The Pacific Mieet : Metal Works has declared
the usual dividend, payable immediately.
The transfer books in the office 'of the Hale &
isorcross .Mining Company will be closed to-day.
The annual meeting of the stockholders will be
held on Wednesday.
The Virginia Chronicle says: Whatever other
causes may have combined to the sudden slump
in values it Is certain that no unfavorable change
in the situation In the mines can be cited as one of
Lhem. On the contrary, tin* work now in progress
in Consolidated California & Virginia Is the most
important since 1886— raising on the: rich ore
streak above the 1550 level. This work began on
Monday, and the time elapsed since then ha* not
been sufficient to advance the work to a point that
will determine its extent or value. There is now
accumulated in the bins at the C. & C. shaft nearly
sufficient ore fora run, and shipments to the Mor
gan mill will begin at an early da c. The bullion
proceeds of thl* ore, which shows an average
»s<ay value of over $40 per ton, will mater ally
aid in covering operating expenses.
The report from the Standard Consolidated for
the week is ai follows: 245 level— The Bullion
vein north drift on the fau t seam from No. 3 up
raise has encountered nothing of value. Have
r.iisid above i hi,s drift on a small seam. -Raise 2
has 14 Inches or ore In the top. 318 level— Raise
- in the Black |i dgj has a vein vary from : 0 to
60 inches in width. Raise 8 has 15 incurs of ore
In the top. In the north drift the vein in t;ie fHce
Is small and have sopped work temporarily. 336
level— l he north drift from the winze has 18 |
inches of ore In the face. . The south drift from the
winze shows 30 inches of or*.
380 leve— crosscut has been started from the I
north drift to the top of the. Incline vein. 'Ihe 1
north drift has six inches < f good ore in the face, j
The ground is hard. Sloping— From Bullion vein !
245 leve, Incline vein 318 level. Black ledge 318 j
and 336 levels; also from raise from Intermediate
drifts 336 level, from footwall on Magulre and
Burgess' lodep? 380 li-vel and the high-grade
tilliiigs ana scale over Bulwer main sou drift ]
and from o.d fillings from west crosscut 380 level.
Standard mill statement— Ore crushed for the
hr"«, 3-46 tons; averair" assay, vanner tailings.
$8 15; ' concentrates produced. 'A\'% tons; assay
value, $35 37 per ton: plate amalgam produced,
11791^, ounces; value per ounce, $196. • .
BOARD SALES.
Follow! were 'lie ints in the San Francisco
Heck Board yesterday: . ' ■ .
RFHUI.AK MORNING SESSION*. rOMMKN-CINS 9:30.
.i"O An» _OS|3OU -32 500 Occldtl_..o6
200 Belcher... lP ICO Opblr. 70200 Savage.... 3l
loj Jv.vß .... .71 Mil 69,100 a Nv..... 29
700 CCA V_. 1.56 I •
AFTKKNOON SESSION— 2 -.30,
800 Andes. 20 1 00 Choir 84 6JO Ophlr 70
100 Belcher...2l 100 ...........9B 300 0ccdt..»..08
500 H&b .7 £\)*l CCdcV...1.60 301) H N0v.... 29
200 Million.... i 1 2000 Con I in. .01 100 Union.... 31
100 Challge.. .40*250 Ode C... .34 300 i .>....... .28
Following were the nuiai In the Pacific Stock
1 oard yesterday: ■;. > 'V - "; : -;
BJGLLAR (IFSSION— 10:30. •
ion Alrm» 05 60 Conn .....8? 500 0vrmn....08
900 Alia. 03301) C 1mp. ...01 l 150Potosl 36
200AndM 20|2 Ml (' Point....2U 800 8avaee....32
2011 Belcher. ...20j4(>0 Exchr 0-2 500 Bcorploa..o2
20J 8«8...:..7V! 2»0 t. <X.C : ...3: 70'J ft i: A.M.. .04
200 ...«70oOJ U<KiN.....87 3J» *■ .S-.-.....29
300 Cbllnse...3S | 300 Alex.. 21 1100 811 H111..01
200 Chollar. .83 3 0 Occd .....t'7|2oJ Union... 29
600 ...94 40a Ophlr 70i30J * JU»«.....2ti
300CCV.....J.56 , | ■
AITKBNOOS SKSSIOV— 2:3O.
800 AH«... ...-0H HO.i'iAolr...-..P3 70» 0c0idt1....08
201) Andes 21. JSO 96 200 09
300.... ...21 60J ....9'i .00 ......... 10
200 Belcher..: 19 300 C Point. ...2i. 26ii Ophlr 70
200 ......... .2U «JOO ............22 1200 ....72
150 ISA 8.... 78 -200 ........ ....'!.: JSO P0t05i....36
400 ......... ..7b 200 Kxchqr...l)H3oJ hkva{e....32
1500 ....... ...75 20U u&u ;.'.... 34 600.;. ...83
700 8u11i0n... .11 150 H&N......8T JOO ...... ......U
200 ca1eda,...12 400 -....90 400 b8AM....06
200 Chalice.. .4o 400 ...... .....hb lOUaivev 30
700 CC&V...1.60 600 Ju1ia. .....0f 100 ............33
100 ... .. 1.57 '■..: 300 KeutCk....Ol 100 Btdrd....ls/ 8
100 .... ...... 1V B '2oo Mexican.. 2* JIIJ Uni0n.... .30
100 Contl 95 4UO 3. 20ii V *te 28
1000 C 1mp. ..01 400 0vrmn.... 08200 ........ .30
CLOSING QUOTATIONS,
FRIDAY, March 5 4 p. it .
rut. A nrtl. > ' BttUA-tfce*.'
AMitCmu... 06 06 Ja11aJ... ...... 04 06
Ait*.. .......... 03 04 Jn5tt0a......... .:•— Mi
Andes. „ 30 21 Kentack. 01 «2
Belcher 20 21 Mexican.. .'3O: 31
Best & Balcasr .74 76 Nevada Qaaaa. t4 —
Benton .12 — Occidental. .... r 10 1]
8u11i0n ........ 10 li Uptalr..:.'.'... M 71 72
Caledonia...... 10 11 Overman...... OH •00
Chollar ........ 95 «6 l'otosL ....... 37 »8
( on.CalAVa... 1.00 1.6 A i-uv»ge. 33 S4
Challen«d coa. 4U 41 scorpion... .»«. — 04
Con. Imperial. — tl ace. ttelchse. . — 06
tonndence.... 86 I.oo— liver Hi 11..... 01 f-t'l
ton New Yoti - (12 sierra NevaJU 2» 80
Crown Point... 21 2 - standard ......1.60 1.70
KastSlerraW«» — v Syndic* t». .._ ,— , - 14
Eureka Cou .« — 35 u010nu0a..... 30 SI
kxcheauer .... — . 04 Utah. .......... .06 (.7
uuuiu * Curry. 33 841 Y«UOW JttQlMb 29 31
Jufcifcuiiwrcr.*, «8' 89
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
FRIDAY. March 6 -2 P. M.
UNITED 6TATBS BONDS.
, ■ J>rt £>HVU.I - . ; - StCL AtKtA.
U8 4s conn. 112% — U b4sres...lUa HOVa
Do new issue 1 23 V* — |
*;-Ti' ' . . ■ .MIBCKIXAXKOUS BONDS.
Cai-stCWe6s.H2 — UakUu Si.. — 104
Cal L 6.1 — 131 LoZdlsos... — 11014
LntracWss96 88 uninibin tts.. 12i:<4ia'JJ*
DpDl-stex-cp — v 7 1/4 i P&O Ry6j. — .113
tdsn LAP 651295/ 130 V2 1 P&Ch Ry 6s. 100 103
K<fc<JHKß6jlO4V a - |Pwl-st KB6»11S 118
Gearyst Rssl 0 103 Iheno. WL&L — 10*
Mtis 5 Vis. 10 & — !t-actoPAL - 10J
Los Ails L 6* O'J'/jUiU |SF4SPKSi. lOOVjlOiya
lJo<inteeU 6s 93' iUl%'sPßKAriz6j 92V* 94V*
Mkt-stCbletS.il22V g — |^p fiKCU 63. 109 111
DoKyCon t>i. iU4y 3 - M'KKials*. — )«0
NatVin6slst - iOO ~PBrRCal6s. P» 99
NevCNgß7s.lo3 105 I&VW«Mr«4.II7 117%
NKyCal«s.lC2 — |>V\Vaier4s. 1003' 8 1003 /4 ,
-ViiyUJsj. - 95 IsiktuGAJiui t>9 101
«AT«CK STOCK*
Contra Costa ,37 4<i: 3 -i>r:i< Valley 97% £8 ,
MarlnCo...;. 48% —' 1 ;>'":'/
«JIS AND KI.H.TBIO STOCK*.
Capital. 15 - 3!) Pacific Lieut 49V* —
Central....... 98V 2 - F G<&E!ec. 86% 97
M tiec l,i(a. 9 914 <auFrantaeo 2 -',<
OakULAH 63J£ ft4i/a SlOcjciou — *tf
Pacoaa Imp 9^l/2 93 Vi
IN'.IHAN. < STOCK*.
Flreman'sFdl77Vj — 1...'.. .'
COMM*.i.lA[, MANIC «TO-!Kl
Anglo-Cal 51 — First Natlonl 181 —
Bankof ea1..235»/a - LondonPAA. 137% —
CamD<&TColo7% — MerChEx.... 1J —
■ pa\ in <■» BANK STOCK*. ' -. .
GerBALCo. 1300 1375 Say .* Loan.. 105
HumbS.scL.nuJ — [Security 250 —
Mutual US • — Union Trust. B 36 ■ —
BFSnv Union — 476 |
STREET RAILROAD STOCKS. : .
California.... 107 — siaic si.vtlia/ — lot}
Geary at 38 45 Presidio 4fi/ 8 7y a
Marjcet-tt1.... liSS^ *4 .
, .\ 1..-.X STOCKS.
Atlantic D... 16 • 17 Giant C0n..., 325. 33
Calliornia.... HT'jllu Vlgont. — . 1
KaaternD.... 78 — .i", :"■■;...
UIKCKT.LAVKntr* UXO-JTC*.
Alaska Pkrs. 105 1/ 104 iNatVinCo. _ 7'j
tier Lead Co. «0 100 oceanlcSaCo 24 • 24%
HawCAsCo.. 1534 16 PacAuxFA — 4
Hutch to a4i/a % PacßoraxCo. — 94
MerKxAsm. — .110 jl'arf PaintUo — '<
KAI.F.S— MOEN'ING SESSION.
Hoard— •.•,'•
S3 A lasica Packers' Association .... 103 60
95 Giant Powder Con. . 32 75
100 Mutual Electric Light. 9 00
100 SF Gas <fc Electric Co 97 00
25 SV Water i 7 87 V 3
$1000 S P Branch Railway Bonds 9t> 25
5 Cal Safe Deposit. 108 60
T'■i ■i : • .; BALES— AFTERNOON SESSION. .. . ; : '. . V
Board—
10 Giant Powder C0n..... 32 75
ft Market-st Railway 44 CO
$ 6000 -Marker-st Ry Con 5% Bonds .... 104 6^
I*o S Gas A .Electric Co 97 00
25 V Water s>7 87%
f- treet —
«2000 S V 6% Bonds 117 25
• — ♦ ■»
REAL ESTATE TEANSAOTIONS.
Isabella Van' Winkle to Robert and Minna Gie
sen, lot on X line of Goueh street. 106:3 s of Ful
ton, 525 by X 82:6: $10. , ■•■. ..*:■
Marks Davis to Sophie Davis, lot on N line of
Grove street, 85 W of Buchanan, W 62:6 by N
120; gift.
Alexander B. and Frances A. Baldwin to Mary
I. Bradford (trustee for Harriet Bradford), lot on N
line or Union street. 104:6 W of Scott. W 45 by H
137:6; $10.
George F. and Rose A. Duffy to American Sure
ty Company of New York, lot on S line of Golden
(..ate avenue, 137:5 E of Lott street, J£ 27:6 by S
137:6: *10.
Henry $. and Marietta Dawson and John Coop
(by Charles M. Elliott, commissioner) to Jane
Coop, lot on \V line of rapp street, 120 N of nine
teenth, N 20 by W la2t6 (54690): $1750.
: Neil L. Donovan to Mary A. Donovan, lot on £
line of Church street, '286 S of Twenty-first, 8 . 26
by E 125; gift.
Daniel Qulnn to Margaret M. Quinn, lot on S
line of T\\entv-eighth street, 225 X of Church, X
24:5, 8 117, W 7 inches. N 114; eift.
I£. 8. and Emily F. Tibbey to Hugh McCracken,
lot on SE line of Howard street, 253 8 W of Fifth,
S\V 22 by SE 80. quitclaim deed: $2.
Paolo Beclgalupo (executor of estate of Gulseppe
BacUalupo or Joseph Bacigaluppi) to same, same;
$6000.
Hugh and Jane McCracken toOustaf B. Holm
berg, same; $6000.
Michael Keeean to Elizabeth- Kane, lot on the
SE line of Minna street, 147:6NE0f Seventh, NE
50 by riE 80. under certain trusts; gift. , ■- , ■r v
Fernando and Julia A. Nelson 10 Charles A. An
derson.iot on W. line of Kansas street, 250 N of
Twenty-fifth (Yolo), N 24:9 by W 100: $10. ■
Ann Plnkbam to Mary Kaunltz. lot on H line of
Santa Clara street, 37:6 E of Missouri, E 37:6 by
S 10'J: $10. -■ >■"•-:•
Thomas Jones to Mary A. Barrett, lot on W line
of Twenty-second avenue, 250 N of California
sireet, N '25 by W 120: $450.
Philip J. Cunningham to George W. Osborn, lot
on W line 01 Fifteenth avenue, 151:10 N Of A
street, N 44, W 58, bE 44:6, E 61:6; $10.
John G. and B. Klumpke to Philip J. CnnnlDg
ham. lot on \V line of Fifteenth avenue, 151 :10 N
of A street. N 84, W 63:8. SK 84:11, X 61:6; $10.
George W. Osborn, Kzra F. and Mary L. Den
niaon to same, lot on W line of Fifteenth avenue,
151:10 N of A street. N 84. W 63*. SB 84:11. E
51:6: also lot on W line of Fifteenth avenue, 175:5
Sof Point Lobos avenue, « 56:9, W 82:6, NW.
57:3, E 91 ; 810. .3 , :; -
ALAKEDA ■ COUNTY.
H. C. Campbell and T. B. Kent (trustees for
Charles M. ami l.ida A. Havens) to Saji Francisco
Savings Union, 445 d 257, lot on W line of Peralta
street, 55:7% S of Fifteenth, S 50 by W 110 being
lots 26 and 26, block 727-B, Oakland; $1380.
Aif re 1 and Elvina Wood to William E. Griffith,
lot on 8 line of West Eleventh street, 103:9 \V of
Kirkham, W. 44 by S 75, being lot 9, block 659,
Eighth-street Tract, Oakland; *10.
Stephen T. and Helen McC King to Howard J.
Hill, lot 0. block D, map of lands of the Oakland
View Homestead Association, being portion of
worth 100-acre Tract, OaKland: $10.
Howard J. Hill to Fred G. Jones, same, Oakland;
$10. -
Alfred and Elvina Wood to William E. Griffith,
lot on >X line of Fairmont avenue, distant SW 36
from intersection of M£ boundary line Walsworth
l(JO-acre Ttract with Fairmont avenue; thence SW
32, SE 158, NE 32, NW 168 to beginning, being
portion of lot 1, same tract, Oakland; $10.
James C. and Eliza Kimbie to Sewed P. Chan-'
nell (trustee), all interest in lots 19 to 22. 01 Jack
son street, and lots 23, 24, 25 and X It*-' , ( fee: of
lot i 6 on Thirteenth street, block 195, Oakland:
quitclaim deed; $1.
Margnreti L. Herriott to Henry East, lot on SW
line of Hamilton place, 195.35 NW of Oakland
avenue. NW 60 by SW 90, being lots 29 and 30,
Hamilton Tract, Oaklanl, subject to a judgment
of foreclosure of mortgage for $797; $1200. -
Builders' Contracts.
Minnie Wheeler with Thomas T. Pottlnger, to
erect a two-story frame building on N line of Wal
ler street, 275 1- of Masonic avenue: $4200.
William H. and Mary A. Dick with White Bros.,
to erect a two-story building on Buena Vista
avenue, near Waller; $3800; R. H. White, archi
tect. ■ "
OCtA> STtAMKKS.
Dates of Peparture From San Francisco.
STKAJ'.-KS TO AKKIVK.
fcl>->, MOON A-ND TIDc.
L'NITKB States COAST AND osonvTio BTTOV«Y
TIHBS - AKD HKISHTS 'OF - HlffH AND - LOW ,
Waters ;■■ at low ; POINT. Entbanck TO
Ban Francisco Bat. Published <by Offi-
E cial Authority OF THIS BUPKBINTKKDBNT. '
Note— The high and ', low ' waters occur at, t tis
City Front (Mission-street Wharf) about twenty
five minutes later thM.ll at Fort Point; * me heUnt
of tide la th* Kama a- both places^
March-18«7
Saturda , March 6.
order of occurrence as to time. Tho second timjs
column gives the second tide of the day, the third
time column the third tide, and the last or risrhc
hand column sives the last tide of the day, except
when there are but, three tides, as sometimes
secure. The heights given are additions to th»
soundings on the United States Coast Burvay
charts, except when a minus sign (— ) precedes the
height, and then the number given is subtractiv*
from the depth given by the charts.
NOTICe TO 3IAKINKR3.
A branch of the United states Hydrographlo
Oflice located in :11a Mercbatit<' Exchanee Is
maintained in San Francisco for the benefit of
mariners without regard to nationality and free of
I expense.
Navigators are cordially invited to visit the
oflice. where complete sets 01 charts and sailing
dlrec:loiis of the world are kept on nan 1 or com
parison and reference, and the latest information
can always be obtained regarding lights, dangers
to navigation and all matters of interest to oc an
comraerce.
The tlmt* ball on top of the building on Tele
graph Hill Is hoisted about ten minutes before
noon, and is dropped at noon. 1 20 th meridian, by
telegraphic signal received each day from the
United States Naval Ob,ervatory ai Mare Island
Cal.
A notice stating whether the time ball was
dropped on time, or giving the error, if any. Is
publishe.l the same day oy the afternoon papers,
and by the morning papers the following >!av.
u - . s. Huokbs.
Lieutenant. U. a. N., in charge.
The Time Ball.
Branch Hydboobaphic Office, U. S. N. •>
Merchants' .Exchange V
San Francisco. Mar. h, 5. 1897. )
The time ball on Te:egrapn Hlli was dropped
exactly at noon to-day— l. c.. at noon of the 120 th
meridian, or exactly at 8 r. M., Greenwich time.
W. s. HroHKS.
Lieutenant U. X N.. in chargp.
SHIPPING IMKIiLIGENCK.
Arrived. fej'itv
- FRIDAY. March 6.
Btmr Coos Bay, Hall, 73 hours from New
port, etc: pass and mdse, to Goodall, Perkins & Ca
Stmr Weeott, Miller, 15 aoars from Fort Bragg;
210 Mft lumbar, to Union Lumber (Jo, '
Stmr Mineola, Pillsbnry. 90 hours from lacoia»j
3400 tons coal, 10 !S Co. Oakland direct. . -
Btmr Point Arena. Johnson, - 18 hours from
Mendoclno and way ports; pass and mdse. to Men
doclno Lumber Co.
- Stmr Del None. Stockfleth. 66 honrs from Grara
Harbor: pass and mdse, to E K. Wood Lumber Co.
Nor stmr Florida, liansen. 4 days from Comox;
5 300 tons coal, to s p Co. Up river direct.
StmrGeo Loomis, Bridget., — hours from Ven
tura: — hols oil, to — . Up river direct. : ~ . •
Stmr . Progreso, storrs, 83 hours from Seattle;
2800 tons coal, to P B Cornwall.
Hi mr San Bias, McLean, 25 days from Panama
and way ports; pass and mdse, to Pacific Mall '
(steamship Co.
Stmr State of California, Green. — hours from
Portland, via Astorta — hours; pass ana mdse,
to Goodall, Perkins <£ Co.
Barn Carondelet, Stetson, 8 days from Port
Gamrilc: lumber and apars, to hope <fc Talbot.
- Scbr Lily, Bottger, 4 days from TJmpqua Klver,
produce and lumber, to Gardiner Mill Co.
Scbr Vine, Luttrell, 58 days from Jaluit, Mar
shall Islands; 8387 ski copra ana 6 sks shark fins,
to J F Cunningham. . - 
Martha W Tuft, Olsen, 22 days from San
Bias; 862 cedar logs, loDleckmann & Co-
Cleared. .
: v^ ,j • FRIDAY, March 5.
Stmr Alameda, Van Oterendorp, < Sydney an<J
Honolulu ; J D Spreckela & Bros Co.
Ft mi Pomona, Doran, Eureka: Uoodaii, Perlclm
&Co. i .. (
Br ship Anglesey, Lewis, Liverpool; W Freese <&
Co. :"..■* .. ..'■/ . ■'
Hictn Courtney Ford, Marahison. (Tnga; Alaska
Commercial Co. ' , • ■ / ,
Sailed.
FRIDAY, March 5.
Stmr' Alameda, Van Oterendorp, - Sydney and
Honolulu. .:.■•■.
i-tmr Pomona, Doran, Eureka. v • - -
Mmr Gipsy. Leland. Santa crux.
Btmr Santa Rosa. Alexander. San Diego.
Stmr Washtenaw, Crosoup, Tacoma.
6tnir Crescent City, Allen, crescent City
Ship Two Brothers, Windrow, Puget Bound.
Bark Fresno, Underwool. Port Gamble.
Schr Western Home, Nilsson. Coos Bay.
Schr Newark. Beck, iiowens Landing.
Telegraphic.
POINT LOBos. March 8.-LJ * *. — Weathaf
cloudy; wind SW; velocity 12 mile*
Charters.
The Haw bark Roderick Dhu loads mdse for
Hilo; Ital bark Ca-abona, mdse and lumber for
Sydney, lump sum: bktn Arago, lumber at Grays
Harbor for Cape Town; tier ship Beu Voirilch,
lumber on the Sound (or Cork, 62a 6d: Br 'hip
Dechmom, lumber on the Sound for Sydney, 30s;
Ger Dane Kmin Pascha, lumber on the Sound for
Valparaiso, 30s; ship Glory of the seas, coal at
Co moi for this port.
Spoken.
Jan 7— No Ist or long, Br ship Glenafton, from
Tacoma. for Queenstown.
Jan 19— Lat '.'4 S. long 22 W, Br ship Pytho
mer.e, hence ,Vov 6, for Qapenstown.
Fab 13— Lat 24 N, long 40 W, Br ship Montgom
eryshire, hence Oct 50. for Queenstown.
Miscellaneous.
LONDON, March 4— ship SUberhorn, from
Liverpool for Victoria, arrived at Barry with sallg
damaged. *
Domestic Ports.
FORT BRAGG— Sailed Mar 6-atmr Protection,
for "-mi Francisco. :
USAL— Ai rived Mar 6— Stmr Newsboy, hence
Mar 4. ...
HAN DlEGO— Sailed Mar s— Nor stmr Peter
Jehien, forNanalmo; US* mr Philadelphia.
SAN PEDKO— Mar 5-»tmr Alliance,
hence Mar 3: schr Jennie Stella, from Astoria.
PORT TOWNSEND- Arrived Mar I— Ger bark
Emm Pascha, from Talcanuano.
CASPAR— SaiIed Mar 5— stmr Caspar, for San
Pedro.
NEWPORT— Arrived Mar s— Bchr James Camp
bell, from Port Blakeley.
SEATTLE— Mar 6— Ship Samaria, hes
Feb 21.
FI*KS MlLL— Arrived Mar 6— Bchr Christina
Steffens, hence Feb 25.
NAVARRO— Arrived Mar 6— Stmr Alcazar, be*
Feb 4.
GREENWOOD— Arrived Mar s— Stmr Green
wood, hence Feb 4. 1
EUREKA— Arrived Mar s— Schr Bertha Dol beer
from Newport. s - v " &
TACOMA— Arrived Mar s— Schr Ruby A Cous
ins, hence Feb 14; schr Meteor, from San Pedro.
SEATTLE— Mar Schr Alcalde, bnce
Feb 10.
ASTORIA— SaiIed Mar s— Br itrat Mount Le
banon, for Yokohama; schr Lucy, for San Fran*
cisco.
Arrived Mar 6— Schr North Bend, hence Feb 20.
TACOMA— Arrived Mar 5- Bare Colusa. hence
FeD 7.
FORT BRAGG— Arrived Mar 5-Stmr Noyo.hce
Mar 4; stmr Lagnna, hence Feb 3.
MENDOCINO- Arrived Mar 6-Schr Bobolink,
hence Mar •-'.
• * • : Foreign Ports.
WKBTPORT— SaiIed Mar 4-Schr W H Talbot,
far Honolulu.
DEAL-Passed Mar 4— Br ship Forrest Ha'.l.hc*
Not 2, 'or Or.msbv.
FALMOUTH— Arrived Not 4— Br ship Gle»
clova. from Tacoma.
NEWCASTLE. NSW— Arrived Mar B— Br ship
Miltonburn. hence Jan 3.
FLUsHING-SailedFeb 28-Br bark Cumbrian,
for Oregon."
PANAMA-SalledMar 4— Stmr Colon, for San
Francisco.
■ QUEENSTOWN— Returned Mar 4— Br bark As
toria, ironi Queenstown, fur Limerick.
Movements of Atlantic Steamers.
. NK%v 10KK- Arrived. Mar s— Stmr Alter, from
London. ,
Sailed Mar s— Stmr Carisruhe, for Bremen
QUEENSTOWN — Arrived out Mar s— Btmr
LiKanid.
Importations.
GRAYS HARBOR— Per Del Norte-320 M ft
lumber, 100 M shingles, 140 pkgs shooks. 2 pkgs
"jIENDOC'INO-Per Point Arena-2 pkgs mdsa
1 bx bu:ter. 1 sk abalones, — M ft lumber. &
Point \reua-2 kits 39 bis butter, 14 bxs fish. 4
cs eggs 31 pkgs mdse, 20 dressed hogs, 1 dressed
Per Coos Bay— 3 chllles, 4 sks ..
walnuts. 1 bll pelts. 1 pall vaseline grease, 2 pkgs
m EaVi X pedro-ll bxs butter, 27 bis oranges,
10 bxs lemons. 95 cs canned fish. _
San Pedro-10 springs, 5 sks chllles, 10 c«
canned tish. ...
Hueneme-3 cs eggs. 1 bx butter.
Ventura— l lot old iron, 17 sks scrap Iron, 10
sks rags. 6 sks horns, 26 sks bones, 14 cs honey.
73 bxs lemons, 309 sks beans, 858 bxs oranges, 1
bx mdse. '
Santa Barbara— l bx! hardware, 12 bxs oranges,
2 bxs butter, 84 bxs lemons. ■ '
Gaviota— 3 bxs butler, 16 sks crawfish, 1 coop
chickens, 5 bxs cheese, 34 bxs butter, 20 csegg I*,1 *,
19 sks beans.
Cayucos— l bx ware, 10 bxs cheese, 118
bxs is tubs butter. 7 cs e-Jss, 18 dressed calves.
San Simeon— 22 dressed calves, 102 bxs butter,
24 tubs butter, 3 c.i eggs. 1 pkg mdse.
Monterey— 3 bbls plaster, 1 bx glue, 4 cs shoes,
1 pki- m lie
UMPQUA— Per Lily— 4oo sks wheat, 71 sks
oats, 190 sks potatoes. 7 i.kes bides and skins, •
rolls leather, 182,826 ft lumber.
. Connigneefi/
Per Lily— Hulme & Hart;' W B Sumner * Co: J
C Johnson: H timer, Bredhoff <&Schulz: Gardiner
Mill Co; Bisslnger & Co: M P Detels-
Per Point Arena— Standard Oil Co: Dennlaon,
Wilson <fc Co: Wheaton, Brbon <S Co; B Halgbt:
Martin, Feusier&Co: Baker* Hamilton: G W
Lucy: Smith's Cash Store: Norton, Teller <£ Co: H
T Christians -n; Dairymen's Union: W Paulsen;
Rohlffs & Gerdau. .
Per Del -None— E X Wood Lumber Co; Weston
Basket Mf« Co; L D Emerson.
Per Coos Bay— Keyser; 1 . SH Frank A Co; O
Tevis & Co; JI) sprockets & Bros Co: Farmers'
Commercial Co; Dalton Bros: Dairymen's Union;
River Express; Brleham. Hopne & Co; Pastlne
Bros: Roderiguez. H & Co: Lewis Packing Co: J
W Spraeue: Levl Spiegel A Co: Chas Harley & Co;
Hilmer, Bredhoff Schulz; Wheaton. Breon & Co;
Christy <fc Wise; Samuel Bros: J ivancovica & Co;
Felling, Cressy & Co; Wellman, Peck A Co: J. De
martini: . J. Scatena & Co: Levi Spieeel & Co; i>r
Richter: J X Armsby & Co; . Baker & Hamilton :
Enterprise Brewery; Dodge, Bw»*n»r a c«: Jnd- -
son Fruu Co: I Gray & Barbleri: H N Tilden 4Co ;
APalaUlni: -J H Newbauer <fc Co; JI. In lia;
H Heine: Fl Kirchmann >tco: Dairymen's Union;
American Union FMh Co: Hills Broi: Russ. Eurlv
<& Co: Kowalsky & Co: Witzel & Baker; 11 l>utard-
C E Wuitnev* A Co: Marshall <fc Reim r»; Charles
Jacob 'on & Co: W C Price * Co ; M T Freitas & Co-
Kowalsky * Co; Ross<& Hewlett; O X Smith A Co'
unz tiros A Co; Western Meat Co; F Url <fe Co- L,
Juri A son; Standard Oil Oo ; W C Price & Co- j D
Campopll: . Marshall, Tesrcart it Co ; J■: C Noian *
Co; De Bernardi A Co; Cha^ Montgomery & Co- A
Wyss; H Cowell A Co; ■ i>r J Simmers; Arctic "oil
Works; J Hoffman. «CANDIDATE FOR
PRINCIPLE ONLY
H. B. Land Again Runs for
Treasurer With No
Hope of Success.
Postoffice Blocked With the
Enormous Amount of Elec
tion Matter Mailed.
Saloon- Closing Advocates Mcke a Par
ti:! Report Which They Claim Is
a Sample of Public Feeling.
Oakland Offick San Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway, March 5. )
Among the many candidates now seek
ing Ifoe suffrages of the voters there is at
least one man who is making the cam
paign for principle only. On several occa
sions at county and city elections this
man has been nominated with no show of
success, but he is always willing to be led
to the slaughter for the sake of his princi
ples.
This man is H. B. Land, who is now a
candidate for City Treasurer on the Pro
i.bition ticket. Year after year Mr. Land
■i^ been accorded the small vote of bis
;arty :n this vicinity. Last year it showed
a decided decrease, but nothing dauuted
he allowed his name to be placed on tlie i
H, B. Land, the Salvationist and
Prohibitionist, Who Rons for
Office Without Any Hope of
Success*
ticket by the twelve delegates at Hamil
ton Hall that constituted the Prohibition
convention.
Mr. Land does not expect to be elected
nor. does he expect his party to score a
large vote. At the present time the tem
perance movement in municipal politics
has taken a new turn and the genuine
prohibitionists have not been heard from
at a single meeting since they made their
nominations. The work of advocating
saloon closing has been taken ud by peo
ple of all parties and in the mattsr of ad
vocating temperance the Prohibition party
has been outdone by tuose who it has
always said have been controlled by the
} ower that operates from what they call
the "saloon element."
vVhen asked ab ut his chances of suc
cess Mr. Land stated that it was simply a j
matter of principle and he did net expect
at th time to receive enough votes to
place him in office. He is also possessed
of another distinction never before found |
in an office-seeker in this city. Mr. Land
is (i .sergeant and treasurer of the local
Salvation Army corps and is one of the
mo-t valuable and unassuming men
among his fellow-soldiers of the cross.
The advocates of saloon closing have
just completed a house-to-house canvass j
of i be city, but they will not make public |
heir figures, which they declare show a
very large majority in their favor. Dr. j
' ar'coli announced last night that two of \
['•he reports of .he canvass in East Oakland >
■ are particularly encouraging. One report
I hows that out of twenty-nine houses
Visited twenty-eight agreed to close the
saloons. The second report showed twenty
four against the saloon and eleven waver
• ing. 1 iies° figures, however, cannot be said
to fairly represent the situation, and a con
servative estimate seems to place the pro
portion in the ratio of six to four and a
half >n favor of closing.
In an interview to-day Rev. Father Mc-
Hweeuey said: "The Catholic church has
legislated at all times and in the straight
esi possible manner arainst the curse of
drunkenness. Not in this nor in any other
land has. there existed a power more un-, .
* tiring or more fearless in i he cause of
temperance. Our very best efforts should
be given, and given most willingly, to
check an evil that brings and keeps such
misery in our midst."
J. West Martin, president of the Union
Savings Bank, said to-day: ''I am opposed
to the open saloon as now conducted in
this city. As a general proposition, lam
opposed to ' liquor in every manner and
form, because of its evil effects upon the
community and State. If such a thing as
closing the saloon be possible I believe
every man should vote in favor of it."
The present campaign has made a large
. amount of extra work for the postolfice
officials. To a certain extent it has been
a fireside campaign. The voters have
. shown a disposition to receive their poli
tics at home rather than attend the nu
merous ward meetings, and as the candi
dates could not draw them out they have
resorted, as never before, to the practice
!of sending their campaign circulars
i hroti^h the mail. For the past weeic
i' very voter on the great register has re
. e;ved not less than three pieces of mail
' containing pictures of candidates, ex- !
pressions of views, -various kinds of
pledges and much good advice, all bear
ing on the campa:gn. |In some instances
this has been carried .so far as to include
the criticism of phrenologists in proof of
t, c fact that a candidate possesses the
necessary qualifications to serve the city
ably. Postmaster White said to-night
1 that the office is blocked, and that it will
not be relieved by to-morrow night.
The people who are prosecuting the j
ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
anti-saloon campaign have also adopted
this method, and probably there has
never b?en a time when Hie intelligent
voter has been so thoroughly informed on
the ustiea that arc to be decided next
Monday as he has been during the past
week.
Contrary to precedent, although the
election U but. three days < ff, there has
been kb yet no withdrawal of independent
candidates in favor of other-, nor is there
any likelihood now that this will be done.
Faise rumors hnve been circulated during
the post two days regarding the retire
ment of certain candidates, but they have
been officially denied as soon as they ap
peared, ana every Dody on the municipal
tic&et can be voted for.
HAEEOR COMPLICATIONS.
President Cleveland Did Not Sign the
Appropriation Bill.
OAKLAND, Cal., March s.— There is
somedoubt as to the fate of the appropria
tion for Oakland harbor improvement?
which was passed by both houses of Con
gress and presented to the President for
his signature "Wednesday night. The
constitution of the United States provides
that if sucli a bill be not returned by the
President within ton days after presenta
tion to him it shall become a law, as if he
had signed it, unless Congress by iis ad
journment prevents its return, in which
case it shall be a law.
Attorney W. R- Davis has expressed an
opinion that the failure ot President
Cleveland :o sign the bill <s equivalent to
a pocket veto ana he says that it is rea
sonably certain that the appropriation is
lost to Oakland at this time.
Congressman Hilborn ha* written a let
ter 10 some frienaa in Oakland in which
he gives much of tiie unwritten history of
the struggle to get the appropriation bill
through Congress. He outlines tne objec
tions ihet had to be met, and incidentally
shows that it is a matterof great difficulty
to push an appropriation to a successful
termination.
Mr. Hilborn, according to a dispatch re
j ceived this evening, has already begun
I work am on.' tiie members of the new
House, and lie i? confident that although
I tne biil 13 practically vetoed the chances j
j for the success of the improvements in ibe j
harbor are really better than ever. He j
says with the new Congress that there will ;
undoubtedly be a raising of the limit on i
the cost of the appropriation to the figure i
set by Engineer Sutter. Under these cir
cumstances Mr. Hilborn explains that
harbor matters are really iv a better con
dition than if Mr. Cleveland had signed
the original bill.
A Importer Officially Thanked.
OAKLAND. Cal., March s.— Tbe work
of a reporter has teen officially appreci
ated by the Society for the Prevention of
Cruelty to Animals. Some days ago the
reporter saw a horse being driven by two
Poundmen that was in no condition to
work on accountof boils. It was reported
to the bociety and a committee was ap
pointed to investigate. At the regular
meeting presided over by Dr. Wendte a
committee reported that the charge was
true and reprimanded the doti-catchers, at
tbe same lime returning their thanks to
the newspaper man who madß public the
cruelty.
Mri, Stuart Has a Divorce
OAKLAND, Cal., March s.— Mrs. Ade
laide Stuart has been granted a divorce
from Charles E. Stuart on the ground of
wiliful neglect and cruelty with permis
sion to resume her maiden name. Mrs.
Stuart is the Widow Moore, who married
Stuart and after the wedding her husband
tried to alter his name on the license stub
in the County Clerk's office and was ar
rested but afterward discharged. As soon
as he was free he disappeared.
Summoned Before the Grand Jury.
OAKLAND, Cal., March s.— Daniel W.
Doody, Fred A. Campbell and A. L. Mc-
Pherson hay • been subpenaed to appear
before the Grand Jury on Monday. They
will be asked what they know regarding
' the charges that money was used In the
, selecting oi the committee of twenty-one
; which appointed the delegates to the
; recent P>.ei'Ublican convention.
New Stnte President.
OAKLAND, Cal., March s. —Dr. George
1 H. Derrick of this city has been elected
State President of the A. P. A. at the State
Council just concluded at Stockton. Dr.
Derrick is a resident of Bftst Oakland and
bad a ticket in the field at the primaries
against Fred S. Stratton for State Senator.
SAYS IT WAS STUFFED.
Marsha! Lloyd D.nounc^s the
Bsrkeley Populsst Con
vention.
People's Party Delegates in a Row
Over the Candidates for the
Office of Marshal.
BERKELEY, Cal., March 5. — The
Populist convention in Sisterna Hall last
night resulted in a bitter row, of which
the end is not yet, and growing out of it
are charges of political jobbery made by
Marshal Lloyd against his opponent for
re-election, George Schmidt., The con
vention nominated Schmidt for the office
after a long and bitter wrangle and ex
change of personalities.
The charges of intoxication while on
duty made by Saloon-Keeper Unda against
Lloyd were repeated by Samuel Fisher,
and N. T. Whiting, ex-Trustee of Ward 3,
made » bitter assault upon George
Schmidt.
Lloyd then startled the delegates by
telling them their convention was a
stuffed one and announcing that he
didn't want their nomination.
The delegates then made Schmidt the
nominee of their party.
The rest of the ticket named by the ;
Populists is as follows: Town Clerk,
George H. Wriprht; Assessor, Isaac Wells;
Treasurer, R. W. Good. Trustees— Ward
1, Captain W. H. Marston; Ward 2, Julian
Le Conte; Ward 4, H. F. Keon ; Ward 6,
G. G. Durrell. School Director*— Ward 2,
Professor E. J. Wickson ; Ward 4 George
Swain; W&rd 5, J. W. Demckson; Ward
6, E. F. Niehau*. Library Trustees— Dr.
J. U. Obere, Dr. J. T. Farrar, H. W. Tay
lor, N. T. Wh.tintr. Samuel Fisher.
The names of M. L. Hanscom and J.
T. Sherrett, Non-Panisan and Republican
candidates for Town Clerk, were presented
to the convention, but each declared him
self a Republican and unable to indorse
the People's party platform.
The platform adopted is a lengthy one.
It declares th- principles of the Omaha
Populist platform of 1892. A reduction of
the number and of the salaries of public
officers is demanded, and also the cessa
tion of all censorship over literature
donated to the public libraries.
W»« an Accident.
BERKELEY, Cal., March 6— A Coro
nerN jury this afternoon decided that the
death of young Claude M;irx was purely
accidental. The verdict was that death
was caused by the stick thrown by Theo
Btreib, but the evidence showed that the
latter intended simply to discard a stick,
and flung v aside wit v out soeing the boy
near his side.
Brief New* Items.
The Rev. H. Dharmapala of India lectured
in Stiles Hall to-night under the auspice* of
the Unitnrian Society on "Christianity and
Buddhism Reconciled "
The university try-out field day, which was
to have been held to-morrow, has been post
poned on account of the weather.
The Rev. Dr. Maynard of St. John's Church,
Oakland, and the James Curry, D.D., of
Temescal, preached in Berkeley this evening"
the former at St. Mark's Church and the latter
at tiie West Berkeley l'rcsbyteriau Church.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MARCH 6, 1897.
CAPTAIN THOMAS
WARMLY RECEIVED
The Head of the Republi
can Ticket Makes His
First Speech.
Inaugural Celeb r ation Presided
Over by Ex-Mayor W. R.
Dav.s
Candidates on the Municipal Ticket
Express Their Views to a
Large Audience
Oakland Office San Fbancisco Call,)
908 Broadway, March 5. )
The Tabernacle was filled to-night with
Republicans who were anxious to welcome
Captain Thomas, the nominee for Mayor,
who had been announced as one of the
speakers of the evening, and to celebrate
the inauguration of President McKinley.
HON. "W. R. DAVIS, President of the Inaugural Celebration.
Ex-Mayor W. R. Davis called the meet
ing to order, and asked if the weather
made it chill and untoward for Kepubli
cans inside the tabernacle, what must it
be on the outsi'le for the Democrats? If
we are not happy to-night, what must be
the condition of the other six minion of
American electors?
"Mr. Cleveland, who is a great man in
one resnect, has gone out of office and we
hail a change. To-day there are very few
great men. Very few men are great and
none are so unless they represent a sys
tem. The change of a few men at Wash
ington does not cut so much of a figure as
the change of system and theory of j
the Government. But, although a change, I
we Know thai every citizen is always will
ing to uphold the administration so
long as it is in power. The American peo
ple are wonderfully loyal, and all are
ready to uphold their Government where
it is necessary, irrespective of party.
"We know that we can trust the present
administration. A few months ago we
worked ior It and fought for its principals
almost as bitterly as if it were a physical
matter. The case went to t: c jury or 70,
--000,000 and as a result all the American
Nation is congratulating itself that Major
McKinley is now President.
"The man who has just gone out of
office did not have the decency to sign the
bill that would guarantees fund for im
proving Oakland harbor j\nd the small
ness of this act is typical of the man's
whole career. Now, I want to say why
the candidates who will speak to-night
are worthy of support. They represent
the same principles that are represented
by President McKinley and what is pood
for the Nation as a whole is good lor the
States, counties and cities."
During Mr. Davis' speech Captain W.
R. Thomas entered the hall and the audi
ence rose to receive him while the band
struck up a lively air. This is the first
time Captain Thomas has been able to
leave his home during the campaign.
Captain W. R. Thomas, who was very
cordially received, said:
"There is one pull stronger than the
political pull, and that is the pull of the
grip. I want first to rejo:ce with you over
the seating of Major McKinley. The
country is safe, and just an certainly as
Oakland is a small part of this Republic it
will also be safe when the Republican
candidates are elected next Monday. I
am not here to electioneer, because you
have all made ud your minds how to vote.
I want to thank you for your kindness,
and especially those Republicans who
have worked for me.
"I know that the Board of Works, with
Wilson and Dow and the other fellow,
will be *afe and we will at least be on
speaking terms. If there ara any pin
heads on the board it will be tne other
fellows. 1 am not going to make a
speech, because I am physically unab'.e,
but I promise that after I am elected on
Monday, as i shall be, I shall do mr duty
irrespective of sect, religion or politics."
The Reliance Glee Club followed with a
couple of glees.
Auditor Snow was the next speaker.
His speech was a carefully prepared
document, showing the cost of the city
government. It was a brief synopsis of
his annual report, which has already been
published in this paper. As a result of
his experience he said that the city pov
ernme:it, under the present charter and
existing laws, cannot be properly gov
erned at a saving of more than $10,000
from which it costs now. He said that n
consolidated city and county government
must follow if economy is to be followed
and the territory north of tho city is to
be annexed. If the parks nre not to be
improved by tne city they had better be
turned over to the local improvement
clubs. He predicted that no one will ba
elected next Monday who has not pledged
himself to continue the suits to recover
the water fronts.
J. E. Farnum made a speech, in which
he said tnat it was a great pity the ideas
of Mr. Bnow had not been placed in pam
phlet form and put in the hands of i very
voter in tha city. The speaker contrasted
Oakland with Los Angeles, and said that
in the southern pan of the State they did
not fight for years over a few cents on the
tax levy, but they went to work with a
will to" beauty their city. Others wbo
spoke were D. Edward Collins, A. R. Wil
son W. D. Heitman, H. C. Cuvelier. W.
3. Pringle, 11. D. Talcott and W. Wat
kinson. _______________
DAVIE EXPLAINS.
Says He Has Not ,Ke ceded From His
Water Front Position.
Editor Call— Dear Sir: My position in
regard to the water front being so well
known to the people of this city I never
thought it was necessary to define my
policy In that regard. Having been as
sailed through the columns of the San
Francisco Examiner and my motives
questioned I take this means of reaffirm
ing my policy, which as a citizen I inau
gurated, in regard to regaining possession
of the water front and creating it from the
srrasp of a corporation that has no ri ht or
tit ie to it.
I have expended a small fortnno, my
own personal means, in bringing to an
issue the question of the water front
ownership. Tins fact is known, or ought
to tie, to every citizen who has kept track
of events. Again, with a few associates
1 entered into active competition with the
Southern Pacific Company in the ferry
business and inaugurated the 5-cent rate
and reduced the freight tariff between
this city and San Francisco, which com
pelled that corporation to reduce us
rates, with the result, that the people of
this city are saving $1000 per day ana that
corporation is suffering a loss to that ex
tent.
I am now as I have been opposed to the
unjust encroachments of the Southern
Pacific Company as well a- any other
corporation, and I again affirm that 1 will
lend my every aid to pain the repossession
of the waier front and push the suits to
the court of last resort so that the city
will regain its own.
It appears to me that no man can offer
more evidence of his sincerity in this mat
ter than 1 hay? , and I trust that my efforts
in the pnst are recognized and appreciated
by a community that I have ÜBed my best
efforts to aid in its struggles against corpo
rate aggression.
I have not utilized the water-front ques
tion as a campaign issue to further my
own personal aims. The cases have been
tried "and submitted in the courts of this
county and judgment rendered m favor of
the city of Oakland, myself and associates,
and appealed by the defendants tc the Su
preme Court of this State, where they have
been finally submitted, and we are now
awaiting a decision. If the judgment of
that tribunal should be unfavorable to this
city I will continue to carry the litigation
to the Supreme Court of the United States.
My past record in this regard and my pres
ent attitude are surely a sufficient guar
anty to the people of this city wi at my
. future policy will tn concerning the de
■fense of the Oakland water front.
Oakland, Cai., March 5. J. L. D*vie.
GOOD GOVEKNMENT PRIMABIES.
Preparation* All Completed and an
Interesting I line Expected.
ALA M EDA, Cal., March s.— The prep
arations for the primaries of the Good
government Club are all complete and an
interesting time is expected to-morrow
afternoon and evening. The polls will be
opened at Linderman's Opera-house from
2 to 8:30 p. M., the late hour for dosing
having been selected so as to afford tne
many members of the club who are en
gaged in business in Ban Francisco ample
time to attend and cast their ballots. It
has been very amusing to note the change
in the altitude of a great many politicians
with regard to this club. At first they
affected to despise it, but as soon as it was
developed that it had a powerful element
behind it and that its favorites were likely
to win at the election they lost no time in
trying to make peace with it. As its
name implies, this club is strictly non
partisan and is seeking nothing but the
best men for the various offices to be filled.
At this writing it seems altogether prob
able that its ticket , will be the successful
one in April. I . 7" '. •?,
The League In Alamedß.
ALAMEDA, Cal., March s.— As in Oak
land the Anti-Saloon League of Alameda
is coming to the front and will take an
active part in the campaign. This organi
zation has a membership of over 300 adults
and is presided over by 8. \V. Ferguson,
while Mrs. J. D. Jamison is the secretary.
The executive committee comprises in its
membership every pastor in Alameda ex
cept one and among the number is Father
Sullivan of . St. Joseph's. g The league pro
poses to submit an ordinance for adoption
applying the local option idea to different
portions of the city. Alameda now has
only twenty-three saloons, which are re
quired to pay an annual 1 license of $500
each, and the Trustees have refused to
license any more. They are not allowed
to keep open after midnight, and the fact
that during the whole of last month there
was only one arrest for drunkenness shows
that the liquor business is far from being
the evil in this city that it is elsewhere.
Nevertheless the league will work hard to
still further restrict it. . _v,
! • • ; Harmony Hall Committee.
ALAMEDA, Cal, March s.— The newly
chosen executive committee of the Har
mony Hall organization is as follows: F.
B. Blanchard, George E. Sturte'vant, H. A.
Thompson, J. H. Burns, W. W. Simpson,
Frank Hally. L. H. Transue, Henry Mul
ler, Joseph M>r:zio, E(i Houston, H. Li.
Ilea, 1. P. Allen and F. E. Browning. Gap
tain Thompson will :be chairman and
Henry .Muller secretary beyond a doubt.
The fac-simile /"iff 1 J2f"i .^"^ BOn ever y 6 *
signature of Qut^/^T&^i^ of CASTORIA,
DECEASE OF
GEORGE WYMAN
Once a Successful Man,
Now a Wreck at the
Hospital.
Many Years Ago He Was a
Prominent Politician, and
Once Twd Men.
Ho Tells a Story of the Time Wlrn
H Wis Suppos?d to be Doal
Three Days.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway, March 5. f
Geoive Wyraan, who has figured more
in the history of Alameda County the
past thirty years than the average man,
was taken to the Receiving Hospiial to
day, a complete wreck. He is suffering
from dropsy and other ailments, all of
which have been induced by general dis
sipation and morphine.
Twenty years ago George Wyman was
one of the foremost men in this city.
When he first came «.o Oakland he ran a
stage line, and a few years later bought a
roadside house in Temescal. While at
thi3 place he was greatly annoyed by a
crowd of toughs called the "800 pang,"
and during a fracas he sliot two of them
and afterward was made a policeman.
For a long while he was a prominent
politician, and his business enterprises
flourished moderately weli. Some time
ago he received an allowance lrom an
estate, but the fund was shut off and he
was compelled to *eek alms of the county.
He is now in a destitute and wrecked con
dition, and should he leave the hospital it
will be to go to the infirmary.
Tills afternoon Wyman told a most re
markable story. He went to the inn'rmary
ten years ago to-day, and died, according
to all ordinary precedents. For tbfee
days he lay in a trance ami heard the ar
rangements made for his funeral. He
knew his death notice had been pub
lished, he heard his relatives mourn by
his side, but was unab'e to move. His
body was prepared for burial, but just as
it was being placed in the coffin power to
move returned.
"it was just ten years ago to-day that I
was taken to the infirmary," saia Wyman
this alternoon. "At that time I weighed
200 and was something ot an athlete. One
of my tricks was lifting heavy weights
with my teeth. One day I overdid it. I
felt my neck snap and dropped the weight,
but it did no good.
"My knee? cave way and I fell to the
floor, and they took me to tba infirmary.
I got no better, and one day found myself
unable to move. The nurse looked at me
and remarked that it was all up with
G> orge. He sent for the doctor, who pro
nounced me dead. This did not worry
me much, for I was quite conscious but
absolutely powerless to control a nerve or
muscle. My relatives cried by my bed
side, and I heard them tain of my death
notice in the papers. I knew when I bsi
carried to th« deadroom and was placed
on a. slab with a sheet thrown over me.
There was another corpse in the room,
because I heard the attendants speak of
him. Some of my political friends came
10 take a last look at me, and I heard one
of them say, 'Fix him up good and we
will pay for the funeral.'
"They left and the attendants fixed me
tip. They washed my body in cold water,
combed my hair and put a clean sheet
over me. Then I began to worry. At last
they came with the coffin and placed it
beside the slab. One man took hold of
my feet and a fellow named Clark took
hold of my h«>ad. Just as they lifted me
up I was enabled to open my eyes and
look the fellow straight to the face, and it
almost made me Liugh to see how quickly
they dropped me and ran."
The chances cf recovery are against
Wyman, and unless there is a speedy
change the doctors do not prophesy much
more of life for the patient
Two Draws Before the Kellance.
OAKLAND, Cal., March s.— At the Re
liance Club to-night the two contests wero
drawn. Mike McCormack and Harry
Woods fought eight rounds, which ended
in a draw, and the fight between Ned
O'Malia and Charles Goff ended in the
same manner. Both contests were spir
ited, with the honors about evenly divided.
FAINTED ON THE CLEATS.
The Norwegian Team Defeated
the French Alter a Dasper
ate Struggle
The Canadians Gavj the Swedish
Team an Unexpected
Surprise.
The rain again kept many people away
from the opening events of the tug-of-war
tournament at the Mechanics' Pavilion
last nieht, but many witnessed the two
last pulls of the evening.
The Iri9h and Italian teams opened, and
the Irish team won in 5 mm. 22J^ sec.
The betting whs $5 to $1 on Ireland and
Italian money was scarce.
The next event was between Germany
and Denmark, and the pull was won by
the Danes in 1 mm. 4% sec. The pools
sold in favor of the Danes at $3 to $1. The
German team attributed its defeat to a
new anchorman, who did not understand
the ropes.
Wituout any question the best and
most exciting tug of the tournament was
the one between the French and Norwe
gian teams. The spectators went wild
with excitement a 9 the teams struggled to
gain an advantage. Big beads of perspi
ration rolled off the contestants as they
strained every nerve and muscle. Tne
French first gained a few cleats, but the
Norwegians won the ground back, only to
lose several more cleats to tho French,
which team finally got the indicator half
way along the stick.
Then there was a seesawing and neither
team could score an inch. The contest
ants pulled like Trojans and after twenty
minutes of the hardest kind of pulling the
men from NorVay managed to get the in
dicator bick to its old position. The
cheering was deafening. The struggle at
this juncture was desperate and inch by
Inch the French pained ground until the
dial again was drawn half way into the
French territory.
The spectators were on tiptoe of excite
ment and the contestants were in a lather
of perspiration. "Go ir, France 1" "Pull,
Norway !" were the entreaties of tho spec
tators, who had now worked themselves
into a fever of excitement. The French
men had wagered a large sum of money
on the result, and it was do or die with
thorn. Two of the French team finally
cave out, and the Norwegians getting
them off their guard made one mighty
effort and succeeded in getting, the mdi- [
cator moving, and away it went until it j
struck the winning stick .on 1 the . Nor- j
wegjan side. Time, 36 mm. 42 sec. .\ ; .
Three of the French ' team and two of
the Norwegian team fell prostrate on the
cleats from exhaustion when the .'judge's
pistol sounded the finish. Tl:e batting
was 10 to 4 in favor of the Norwegians.
The sports looked for* another hard
strui-gle when the Swedish and Canadian
teams took 1 their respective . positions on J
the 'cleats; [ The pools sold 10 to 6 with the
Canadians on the long end..
The fact that the Canadians were such
strong favorites against the successful
Swede? meant that something out of the
ordinary was going to happen. The Cana
dians had their original anchorman, At
kinson, in harness. .. r . , ■
The Canadians were first to gain a few
cleats, and they pulled like demons from \
the crac!-: of tie pistol. The indicator i
went with them and they won the contest I
in 2 mm. 24 sec. The . Swede.3 were given
a surprise, as the Canadian anchorman
did actually try to win. He said that, al
though he was a little bit late, ho was
still in th<» swim.
' The last event was a struggle between
the United States and Scottish teams.
The Americans won an easy victory in 3
mm. 19 sec. . „.:.
' SUMMARY OF EVENTS. ... ■ . ' |
Ireland (Ufea'e.l Jialv 5:22V 3 '
Denmark defeated Germany.. .'.l..'. l"U-tVa ;
.Norway defea;ed Jr'rance 33:42
Canada defeated Sweden ."... "i:24
United States deiea'.ed Scotland 3:19
= =
WANT THE BIG BUILDING
The Republican Continental
League Passes Timely
Resolutions.
Congratulat ons on the Inaugural of
McK>nie? and His Selection
of McK^rna-
The Continental League, a Republican
organization which took an active part in
the Jate National battle for supremacy
between the great parties, held its annual
election for oliicers last night in its head
quarters, 1017 Larkin street. Frank D.
Worth, president, occupied the chair, and
in the absence of B. L. McKinley, who is
attending his cousin's inauguration as
President at Washington, John Bert; acted
as secretary. After the transaction of a
little preliminary business Mr. Berg in
troduced the following resolutions, which
were unanimously adopted:
Whereas, The disturbed and distressed con
dition 01 the labor world in this country is
one which should cause the utmost anxiety to
all patriotic people, that by Judicious, con
certed and timely action the true causes
which produce chronic disemployment and
d^c intent among the producing classes may
be ascertained and thereby obviated and
ameliorated and our country restored to its
normal state of peacelulness and prosperity,
which for years past has been unknown to us;
and whereas, the State of California and the
City of Sau Francisco through long-continued
depression In business und the consequent
idleness of the people have suffered most dis
advantageously, ihe chief causes being the
lack oi manufacturing and industrial enter
prises for the production of goods in common
uso and demand, therefore
Rexnlvcd, That we hail with supreme delight
the lir.st utterance of President McKinley In
his inaugural address as the hartiuger cf im
mediate and universal peace and prosperity
to the 'vhole country, and
Resolved, That wo will endeavor to impress
upon our fellow-citizens in this City and
ttiroughout the Stute and practice ourselves
the duty of patronizing 'he purchase oi all
productions of home manufacture, and
Resolved, Ihat our secretary be instructed to
at once communicate with our Congressmen
at Washington. Senator G. C. Perking and
Representatives E. F. Loud and J. G. Mnguire,
requesting them to urge without further delay
upon the Secretary of thu Treasury the para
mount importance of immediate work on the
new Fostoffice sud Government building in
this City.
Amos Currier presented the following
resolution, which was also unanimously
adopted and the secretary instructed to
forward the tenor of it to ttie President:
Resolved, That the thanks of this league, as a
body oi representative Republicans, are here
by tendered to ;he Hon. Willinm McKinley as
the first President of tho United States who
has recognized the claims of California by the
selection of the Hon. Joseph McKcuna as a
member of his Cabinet, and we congratulate
the President upon the selection of so worthy,
competent and thoroughly representative a
centieman to such a dignified position, merit
ing as it do?s and receiving the hearty indorse
ment of the citizens of this State without re
gard to party.
The election of officers resulted in the
selection of: F. D. Worth, president; B.
L. McKinley, f'rst vice-president; George
8. (irahara, second vice-president; Dr. H.
J. Riggins, recording secretary ; B. L. Hes-
Fekiiie, financial secretary: William R.
Jost, treasurer; Thomas H. Burns, ser
geant-at-arms.
A committee of fiva were appointed to
revise the constitution and by-laws. Sev
eral speeches were made outlining the
future course of the league. Those doinu
so being Messrs. Worth, Berg, Currier,
Mayer, Healey and others.
GUNST BOYCOTTED.
Trades and Labor Alliance Declares
Against Tenement-Made Cigars.
At the regular meeting of the Trades
and Labor Alliance last night the follow
ing preamble and resolutions were unani
mously adopted:
Whereas, The San Francisco Trades and
Labor Alliance is authoritatively informed
that the cigars manufactured by the firm of
Krebs. Wertheimer <S: Schiffer oi New York
and Pennsylvania are made by non-union
labor in filthy tenement-houses, at a rate
of pay that forbids the employment of
union labor at living wages; and,
whereas, many thousands of these
cheap tenement cigars are dealt in
by San Francisco dealers— chief among whom
is Moses Gunst, a known enemy of union la
bor — who inus, for a few cents additional profit
on a cheaply made article of doubtful quality
and cleanliness, are willing to take the bread
from the mouths of competent San Francisco
cigar-makers, wtio, by their purchases, when
employed, assist local trade and otherwise
contribute to the welfare of this community ;
therefore be It
Resolved, That we call upon all consumers of
cigars, who love justice and fair ploy and who
wish well for local cigarmakers, who spend
their earnings with us to select brands of
cigars other tnan those manufactured by the
abovp mentioned firm, and, whenever possi
FOOD COFFEE.
EATS NICKEL-PLATING.
The Facts Slowly Come Out.
"I notice that all around the faucet and
the faucet- handles of our coffee-urns the
nickel-plating is eaten off, said the
coffee-maker in one of the large city
restaurants lately, "and the inside of I this
big dipper that we use steady in drawing
off coffee gets to be a sight. I believe it
hurts people's stomachs more than they
think. ;I know I had to quit it, and when
I quit my dyspepsia left me in less than a
week." . .. ;,,,.;■..,■... v -'- ...........
| Postum . Cereal is made of pure grains
and looks like coffee. It tills the want for
coffee for those who cannot drink the
berry liquid. Postum makes 'good,
healthy, red blood, and can be used by
children and "invalids as well as - the
healthy ones. Found at grocers, or a 25-
-cent postpaid package sent by the Postum
Cereal Company, limited, of Battle Creek,
Mich. ' _____.;-■. -;- /"".-
There is but * one genuine original
Postum Cereal coffee, with a multitude of
imitations offered m "just as good." : - ■
a Dr.JGfibibon's Dispensary,
fi2s HKABXV ST. - Established -
in l*JC>4for the treatment of Private .
I)i.st'.u;es, Lost Manhood. Debility or
disease wearing on bodyand mind and
.Skin Diseases. Thfuioctorcureswhen
others fall. Try him. ChargM low.
<\i i' «■*;•. i <■«•««. Call or write.
Sir. 4 . V. m m « Box 1937. 5a0 I
Auction Sales
S. P. MIDDLETOK ft CO.;
. Real Estate and G exekai, ArcrioNEEß,
11 Montgomery st., Lick House Block.
SANITARIUM BATHS AT AUCTION.
WEDNESDAY.
Wednesday ;... March 10, 1897,
At 11 o'clock a. m., on the premises, '
Southeast Cor. Powell and Bay Streets,
j The Builiilni? Known as the
SANITARIUM BATHS,
•Together with a' l Its .
FIXTURES, TUBS, PIPES and MACHINERY
If purchaser "desires, a long lease will be given
of the land. - ■ •
jK»" Terms Cash.
b!e, to purchase only white labor clgnrs made
by local workmen
MUST WHISTLE TOR COWS.
The Alternative Is a S nit at taw to
Got Back Their Value.
1 A. Banmann, who petitioned the Board
ot Supervisors for payment for thirty
head of cattle, which ho valued at $1200
for the whole, and which were slaughtered
by officials employed by the Hoard of
Health last July, will have to seek redress
by a suit at law. if at all. The Judiciary
Committee of tne Board of Supervisors
yesterday decided to reject his petition,
and will report that "the City and County
is not responsible for any illegal acts of
its officers, and is not liable if the acts
complained of -were legal under authority
and power conferred by the statutes of
the State. The petitioner, if the victim
of illegal acts, will have to look to the piir
ties who are liable therefor for the dam
ages sustained."
» — 0 — •
Carpenters Prosper.
The carpenters and joiners of Union No. 304
held an enthusiastic meeting last night.
Seven new members were installed and prog
ress was reported.
• * — «. — •
A Short Kallroad.
Thomas D. Kiordan, Edward Lande, John J.
Quinn, James M. Hanley and Frank 11. Ran
som have incorporated the South Fork Rail
road Company to build a road three miles long
on the banks of Flynn Creek and Albion
Creek.
NEW TO-DAY.
: When I say I cure I do not mean merely to stop
them for a time and then have them return again. I
mean a radical euro. I have made the disease of
FITS, EPILEPSY or FALLING SICKNESS a life-
long study. I warrant my remedy to cure the worst
cases. Because others have failed is no reason for
not now receiving a cure. Send at once for a treatise
and a Free Bottle of my infallible remedy. Give Ex-
press and Postoftice address. '•• '.. .
Ciolw,n,PEEi(E,F.D,,UeiiarsUewYHK
/vCTtfpCANCERS
■<J E&BS^&FHk- m >OKNIFEI OR PAIN!
XESfflpS^M^l-^^ co P^ffe book free wllh
fejEKw!§*;S»fa«} hcnie testimonials of many
X Cy \^r\!Ljsl J yOfflce? 719 Market St.*
Send to Someone with Cancer
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pm on niSLRBA The H. (J. AL AM EDA
KCSBSr BaU; * Via HONOLULU
• |rirtSaßl%an:l AUCKLAND tot
y™ ___ SYDNEY. Friday,
7^ i-A . M arch 5, at 2p. m ",
srajmcmnj &*». Australia for
CylulllljlllU^ HONOLULU only.
• {8fIlBill2ir» Tuesday, March 23,
VlJllipUlttp at 2p. it. Special party
rates.
Line to COOLG ARDIE, AU3t.,and CAPETOWN,
Eouth AfrlOa.
J. D. BPRECKELS A BROS. CO., Agents,
114 Montgomery street.
Freight Office, 327 Market st- San Francisco. :
PACIFIC "■■' COAST_STMSIIIP CO.
STEAMERS LEAVE BHOADWAY Afl,
wharf, San Francisco, as follows: gtfmg
For Mary Island, l.oring, \Vran?el, Juneau. Kll-
llsnco and Sttka (Alaska), at 9 a. k. March 12,
17, 23, 27.
For Victoria and Vancouver (B. C), Port Town-
send, Seattle, Tacoma, Everett, Anacortes and
New Wbatcom (Bellln«ham Bay. Waih.). 9a. m.
Mar 2, 7, 12, 17, 22, 27 and every fifth day there-
after, connecting at Vancouver with the C. P. li.
R., atTacoma with N. P. R. R., at Seattle with O.
N. Ky., at Port Townseud with Alaska steamers.
For Kureka, Arcata and .Fields Landing (Hum-
boldt Bay), *tr. Pomona '2 p. m., March 1, 5,9, 13,
17, 21. 25, 29 and every fourth day thereafter. !
For Santa Cruz. Monterey. San Simeon, Cajucos,
Port Harford (San Luis Oblspo), Gaviota, Santa
Barbara, Ventura, Jlueneme, San Pedro, Kast San
Pedro (Los Angeles) and Newport, at 9 a. it
Mar.h 3, 7, 11, 15, 19, 23, 27, 31 and every fouu»
day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Harrorl
(San Luis Oblspo), santa Barbara, Port Los An-
reles. Redondo (Los Angeles) and Newport, 11
a.m. Men. 1,5, 8, 13, 17, 21, 26, 29 and every fourth
day thereafter. ■ ■■ ■ . • -
For Ensenada, San Jose del Cabo. Maeatlan, L»
Paz and Guaymas (Mexico), steamer Orizaba, 10
a. M. 25th of each month.
Ihe Company reserves the right to change with-
out previous notice steamers, sailing dates and
hours of sailing. Ticket . office— , Hotel, 4
New Montgomery street.
GOOCALL, PERKINS & CO., Gen'l Agent*.
- ■■ 10 Market m.. San I'rancl-co-
THEO.R.&N. CO.
' • DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAN ID
From Spear-street Wharf, at 10 a. it .... . ..
Ft T>l?/»13 First-class 1 Including
i\iVX!iISH Second-class /berth <fc rneii
SCHEDULE OF SAILINGS: P -
State of California.:. .. Feb. 27. Mar. 9. 19, 29
Columbia ....Mar. 4, 14, -4
Through tickets and through baggage . to all
Eas;ern points, listed and folder* upon applica-
tion to . -" . -i:.* -^ '
E. F. CONNOR. General Asont,
630 Market street.
OQODALL. PERKINS & CO., Superintendents
COSPAGIHB GENERAL TRAIBATIAS
French Line to Havre.
I COMPANY'S PIE R(NE\V),42 NORTH A^B.
I \J River, foot of Morton St. Travelers by -»*C*Sr
I this line avoid both transit by Kngllsn railway anl
the discomfort Of crossing ihe channel in a small
boat. New York to Alexandria, Egypt, viaPtirii.
first class ?lt!0. secoDd class »116.
LA BRETAGNE..... March 13, B*.*
LA NORM AN DTE Msr'li'o, sa. \t.
LA CHAMPAGNE March 27, sA.it.
LA WUhAINK:... April », 6 A.M.
LA BRETAGNE. :Aprll 10, a- m.
tgr For further particulars apply to
A. FOKGET, Agent, i
k. * : No. 3, Bowling Green, New York.
. J. F. FUGAZI <£ CO., Agents. 6 Montgomery
avenue. San Francis- o.
X HAIBUKWIERICA! l\U
v^fl^giHßra^ TWIX-SCUEW KXI'RESi
yjg»jj^i*fe|agy»^ Line from- Now York to -■•.-r
Plymouth (London), Cherbourg, Paris A Hamburg
Columbia, Mar '5 7ax , Coi jiibia..Aiay -13. • A >«
F. Bl3marck-,AP.B. 10am j F.Blsmarck v vy27,10A«
Normannla,Ap.J9 I Norma!i"ta,Juue3,lUAit
Ham Kuril- American Liv -7 £']y, a V.N.V
KAUN iIIEHZOQ. Agents. 401 California at.,
San Francisco. Cal. -_
STOCKTON STEAMERS
Leave Pier No. 3, Washington st.«
At 0 F. M. Dally. KrelgUt received up
«3- Accommotlatlons Reserved by Telephone •
•nieonlvllntr selling through tickets and «iv n 3
throogh freight rate, to all pola; B on \ alley
KaUroad. ;; STEAMEIW . <■
£ary «2r?atfc ««y of Stockton.
'leiephoue Main 805." Cat. Kav. and lmpt. V
FOR VALLEJO A!ID U. S. lATUIU
STKAMEB - ••MONTICKL.LO." ; ;
Daily ex. Saturday & Kun.. 10:30 a. it. and 4r «
Saturdays •10:30 a.m., 4 r. at
Sundays... — ...:.... 8 '•*
.• Landing Mlsslon-stree;. Dock, Pier X .
, .. -, v Telephone Black 261. - . - .
•Trip elves 0 hours s:op at Navy-Yawl
FOR SAN JOSE, LOUATOS &^ISTA CRUZ
STKAMKKALVI.SO LEAVES PIER 1 MON-
O day.-. Wednesday, Friday, at 10 a. m. Alvlso
I I uesda/, Thursday, Saturday, at 3p. m. Freignt
■ and Passenger. Fare between Han Francisco atii
! Alviso, 50c; to San Jose, 75c, Clay ai., i*l«f J.
UU W. tauua, Clara si.i tiau Joaa. ,
1112
MUDLARKS WERE
IN GREAT FETTLE
Five Out of Seven Favor
ites Captured Purses
Yesterday.
Argentina Captured the Mile and
a Half Run From Mort?
Fonse.
Folix Carr's Montgomery Beat Yemen
in a Drive— Cash Day Led
Oat Applause.
The web-footed horses were very much
in favor, and the crowd that weathered
the rain and the cold biting breezes and
visited Ingleside track yesterday enjoyed
a profitable if not a pleasant day of It.
The card consisted of aeven events at vari
ous distances, and the favored ones in the
betting captured five of them. The bet
ting-ring was well fiiled with spectators
and the betting was sharp and lively for
what is generally considered a dull day at
racetracks.
As usual interest centered mostly in the
mile and a half, with a field of four facing
the issue. The Baldwin entry Argentina
had first call in the betting, but she was
by no means a popuiar choice. Loben
gula, ridden by Willie Martin, was
pounded down from 11 to 5 to 8 to 5, but
it proved an unwise move, for he could
not raise a gallop in the slushy going.
The favorite made the pace from the out
set, and although showing unmistakable
signs of slopping at the end lasted long
enough to beat the fast-coming Morte
Fonse a short length in 2:41%.
Dan Honig's mare Lizzie H, backed
down from 5 to 2 to 6 to 5, proved the good
thing in the ouening six-furlong purse
event. She was away from the post tirst,
and leading throughout won easily from
Treachery, which, coupled with Tulare,
ruled second choice in the bettin*. The
latter horse was successful in getting the
•how.
The black mare Hermanita commanded
substantial backing to win the seven-fur
long selling run that was next decided,
gome to the post a 7 to 5 favorite. She
was minus speed to a noticeable extent,
failing to get within the money. San
Marco, at odds of 9 to 2, was nearly
always in front, and in a drive Hennessy
got him past the stand half a length in
advance of Doctor G, whieti was the con
tending horse from the start. Tar and
Tartar was third, Deaien but a nose for
the place.
The grand old crippie Cash Day acquit
ted himself nobly in ihe third event over j
six furlongs. Carmicnael's horse was |
chalked up a 4 to 5 chance, but so much j
coin went in around post lime on Ap- ■
plause, forcing the odds against the mare !
from 7to 5 to 11 to 10, ti.at 9to 10 was
laid against Cash Day. Purser's mare
outbroke her neltl, and led to the paddock,
vvuere the favorite got up an>i downed her
a bead in 1:16%. Tuxedo finished third
at 7 to 1 lor mat position.
Several good sprinters with a decided
penchant for slusliy going faced the bar- |
rier in the fifth event at seven furlongs,
and there was no decided favorite in the
betting, Gutta Porcha, Mob&iasfca and
Frank X all being quoted at 16 to 5 by the
layers of odds.
The first-named man 1 appeared to have
the footing over her held, for showing the
way throughout, she finished over a length
in front of Frank K. Mobalatka, atone
time in second position, dropped back in
the stretch, ending up in third place.
Owner Pat Dunne's unlucky colt Sten
tor finally played in beiter luck and took
THE "CALL" RACING GUIDE.
PACIFIC COAST JOCKFY CLUB, lngle.side Racetrack. Friday, March 5. Sixty-second
day of the W inter Meeting. 1896-97. Weather showery. Track muddy.
/- I - Hi.sl KALt-Tbrce quarters of a mile; purse +4HM
/•jQ bhCOMJ JiAL'h- seven-eighths of mile; selling; purse $400.
r'jQ IHIIIJJ RAcD.— three-quarters of a mile; three-years old and upward; purse $360.
/'Cjk FOURTH RACi— One and a half miles; purse $500.
i:K~l FIFTH RACK— seven-eighths of a mile; selling; purse 8350.
OZ.I} SIXTH RACE^One mile; selling; three-year olds; purse $400.
CiZ.O SEVENTH Race— Five-eighths of a mile; purse 9400.
the mile selling run that came next in
hollow fashion. Going to the post a 9 to
10 favorite, he had little difficulty in lead
ing the company pitted against him. win
ing easily from Basquil. George Palmer
was a close third.
The crack Magnet was scratched out of
the final rive-furlong spin, leaving Yemen
to s'art for the post a 9 to 10 chance. The
favorite soon headed Fly and Montgomery
into the stretch by half a length. The
latter horse, though, eot a great hustle on,
and in a hot drive got the verdict by a
nose.
CLOSING HAY AT INGI.ESIDE.
A Tery Attractive Card of Klght. Kventß
Down for Decision— Fait Sprint
ers to Meet.
The card at Ingleside to-day has a most
inviting look. Eight events arc down for
decision, among them the Crocker stake
for two-year-olds. The mile special, bring
ing together Magnet. David, Libertine and
Damien, is a rare good attraction, and will
undoubtedly draw a large crowd. Each
one of the sprinters named is possessed of
speed to burn, and some great mud-splash
inc will be indulged in when they line up.
Montgomery carried the colors of Felix
Carr, and alter the race Felix was warmly
congratulated by his employer — Barney
Bchreiber — on his maiden win as a horse
owner.
Bookmaker Sam Summerfield held
Montgomery out in his boos and backed
nim enough on the outside to cash $800
worth ot tickets.
Sam Doggett appears to be in hard luck
all around. He had the mount on Fly in
the last race and just as the barrier fl-w
up the !>printer stumbled, interfering with
his strid > considerably.
It seemed as though the ring took un
due liberties with the odds about Babe
Murphy, but then as a rtfle bookmakers
ure a shrewd class of men, and they may
have heard something from Babe's in
dulgent parents. She has always been a
naughty girl at time?.
There was a hot tip circulated on
Peixotto, but it would have taken a barrel
of coin to cut his oilds, for notwithstand
ing the stiff play on the fast sprinter they
steadily lengthened out.
Following are to-day's entries:
First race, six furlongs:
(634)G00d 1ime5. ...119 627 Georjre Miller. .l3o
624 The winner lie (627)Midllght 114
609 Hymn 118! 647 Widow Jones. .10*
6il Tryst 102 64-' Koy Caruthers.lo7
644 Sweet William. 119 649 Play Boy 104
Second rare\ one mile, selling:
645 Roadrunrer. ...108 624 Brametta 99
64* DJ .obm 9f> 614 Marcpi 108
641 .-oniro 94 640Mi8aRuth 103
644 Kncino lU4' 645 Two Cneers 105
648 Doubtful 101 1 624 Blue Bell 103
I hlrd race, one and an eighth miles, handicap:
603 Yankee DoodlelOoj 9H4 Grey hurst 94
U4H Paloniaciia 93 '(621) Lincoln II 92
(63-1)1 mil Dance 96|
Fourth race, one mile, special:
(623>Macml 107 623 Libertine 100
6*3 David 100 643 Damien 100
Fifth race, half mile, Crocker stake, two-year
olds, value $1300:
6'^'U Estro 101j(632) 1 Miss Rowena. 98
620 Duk* of Yk. 11.106 646 /Duckling 94
690 Aluminum 96 646 Q.;een Mao 96
Mica. 10 i. 492 Geo. Lee 101
(6«6)Moreliita. 112f
Sixth race, one and a quarter miles, hnrdle,
selling:
638 Gov. Budd. 1331 638 Hermann 136
!>en. Hoffmann. 128 i 638 Hello. 140
631 Reddiugton 133 1 6-2 Duntarven lay
649 Tuxedo 14i.|
seventh race, one mile, selling:
568 Mnhjgany 105 (645)McL!ght 108
616 Pnlmermon 104 HOB Collins 106
65i Babe Murphy.. 10H 625 Harold Lindsay 90
635 .-dam Andrew. 90 652 Baaquil 94
Eighth race, seven furlonss:
64>S David 105 595 Salisbury 11. .. . 95
C-9 Mrrcutlo 99 640 Sallle Clicquot. lob
63u N.mmoiis 110 653 Yankee Doodle. 110
648 Boreas 108 609 Duuboy 101
♦
SELECTIONS l OK TO-DAY.
First race— Good Times, Blidlight,
Sweet William.
Second race — Two Cheer*, Brametta,
I) J. I ohm.
Third Lincoln 11, Greyhurst,
Can't Dance.
Fourth race— Magnet, David, Damien.
F.fth race— B. & W. stable, Kmro,
3lorellita.
Sixth race — No selections.
Seventh race— Babe Murphy, Basquil,
Palmergton.
Eighth race— David, Sal lie Clicquot,
Salisbury.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MARCH 6, 1897.
HOTEL AEKIVALS.
PALACE HOTEL
F A Coooer * wf, Uklah F H Maioney, Ottawa
P J O'Leary. Ottawa D J Favorel, Grass Valley
C A Richardson, Los Robert Graham, Los An*
a L Smith, .v V ■-■■ H W Patton.Los Anglees
1" B Frnser. Stockton Dr J it Currnn, San Jos*
X J Reitz, Ind F W Bradley, Idaho •
Miss \V Keltz, Ind J X Smith, Wilmington
Mis* J Ileitz, (nd R Q Hopkins. Boston
H X Bull, NY . B Temple, 111
Mrs 11 X Bull, NY Mrs L l. Levings, NY
Mrs A 11 Warren, Minn J W Clifford, Chicago
A G Magmnls. Los Ang Miss C ifford, i liicago
C A Spencer, Boston Mrs J W Clifford, Chicago
a W Wilianis. N V John Sparks, Nev
C I Tuttle, Salt Lake X H Lemme, Los Ang
s R Smith, Wilmington C H Babcock, Si V
Mrs Lemme, Los Ang HO Kwiog, N V
P J Morey, Por:!and Miss steers, Berkeley
MrsMorey, Por;land Miss B Cooper, Berkeley
J A Duncan, Chicago ■J C Corsoo, Los Angeles
G P Jones & wf, Ohio .Mis* Carr, Findlay
Isaac M Scot . Ohio B Fhllbrick <fe wf. N V
J W Hntchinson, Dakta W M schllcht, Wi«
W P Harrison, Ohio Jackson Temple. Ohio
J L Hackeu, Ky A F Peck, Detroit -.';■•;
H F Mccormack <& wf, D C O'Riiey, Portland
Portland Miss Kiley, Portland
I L Pike, H V
* GRAND HOTEL.
A 8 Cooper, Sta Barbara B Barnes, London
W Kalln i, NY HI spymour, sacto
\V J Hall, Sacramento W E street, Williams
R E Moore, Woodland W X Mack. Chico.
R X Harlow, Stockton A W Stuart. Courtland
J Page, Tucson T Lattuin. or
J Shaw, Cal A Ratto, Cal
W H Wfils, Sn Andreas A Arnold, oakdale
Miss M E Glfford, Cal UWMcioutb, NY
B A Bankie. Los Ang B P Taber. Auburn
G L Hu,lies & w. Fresno T I Galnes. Lodi
Mrs Hedges. N V Miss edges, Is" V
H W Barnum .t w. 11l Mrs X W Wells, Pa
H W Leonard, Trinity Co Mrs Judson, Sacramento
Miss Hack I Iff, Sacto R Foster, Gibson ville
T Paine, Chicago R X Homes, Chicago
J A Fieldman &w, Cal c Gardner, Pasadena
£ MeG Brown, Los Ang A J Weatnerheail, Ohio
B M Edrington, Cal H J Hamilton, Wls
A A VanVoorbeis, Sacto I C Woodworth <fe w, Cal
L W Wade. Taconia X Metcalf, Tacoma
C Rule, Duncans Mills - W X Gilbert, Topeka
Mrs W Shaw, Sacio C A Campbeu, Red Bluff
F C Gibbons, Stockton H A Wright, Stockton
W W Dekkf r& w, Nebr H B Reed, N J '
O B Hoffman, N J
RUSS HOUSE.
L A Elliot, lowa D S McClnre, Idaho
E TNichols, NY HE Herne. N H
X F iiuddlestoo, Ohio V H Kutheley. Esparto
H Hughi Fsparto Dr W J Marsh, Minn
C E Geer, El Paso J Watts, Napa
Miss A Wlnkler, - acorn* H X Young. Ohio
C H Huasey, Pt Reyes Mrs J Fatlierton, S Diego
O L Gray. StocK ton R Sheldon. Stockton
D P ->locum, Sacramento A M l'-ehren?,Georgetwn
Mrs A L Slvles, Fresno B S Lille, Kurt-lea
J G Hilton, san Jose 1: XV Masters, Sail Rafael
J Meyer. Woodbridge J Brant, bunta Rosa
J Doyle, San Diego H 0 Young, San Diego
J 15 Nelson, Fresno It H Harper, Fresno
A T Elliott, ilozeman J b. Meyer <ft w, Tucoma
M M THff*><?. I ncoma X a Wood, San Jose
J D A w. i;nrli:i. Him' W J Jones, Valley Ford
T J.enehen As, Maxwell F V Haggett, San Mateo
G iJndell, si>i.«un C Ham.in it w, Stockton
M L Morris, Crows Ldg X A Harrington,
F A McDonnld, Ohio lee Taubman, Ferndale
NEW WisBTERN HOTEL.
W Brown, New York C E Rnther. New York
B L > Uher. Alamrda Q T Wilds & s, Alameda
E M Sweeney, Cal \V Reynolds, Cal
8 R Bowers, Denver Henry Wathan. Denver
C Stuart, Denver J H Sullivan, Boston
Andrew Jackson/Boston J L Turner, Chicago
J Alias. Mare Island J W scheuber, Texas
MrsACßows&c, F Oaks JII Allen, .-an Jose
F If Peck, Fresno L Johnson. Wyoming
J Williams Su;sun Jullit Martin, Denver
J Steuart, Colorado X Dunbar, .Sew York
J Messina. New Orleans T Richard, Cal
J Valladro, Colorado H i.erd, I'ortland
H Keed, Portland Frank Hams, L Angeles
Howard Sidney, Boston Miss B Burton, Wyoming
J Roberts, New York J i ickinsoa, New York
G Duddage, Bakersfield J Anderson, Nevada
J Collins, Carson F Jones, Tracey '
LICK HOUSE.
M C Flsn. Providence J W Crelghton, N V
L Smith, Alabama C N Beal, w & boys, N V
E Purser, susanville . Mrs Nde Yoe, Modesto
Mrs H flicks, N V W Spencer & w, Cal
D Keith & w, Utah Mrs Duke, Utah
Mrs Judge, Salt Lake Miss Judge, salt Lake
F Judge. Salt Lake . J RUse. tiunnisou
M Cunningham, Los Ang Mrs Levy & t, Ha'fmoon
J Mannon, Ik nh C Cog Man. Sacramento
B Gier, w& c, Willows Mrs Newton, Coliax
D Burke, Stockton W Black, Sonoma
A Fisher & w, Fns o A Heyman, N V
H Bird, bacramemo
BALDWIN HOTEL.
J R Thomas, Oak! an j C Fisher, San Diego '
E G Cook, N V W II Clark <fe w, T X
J W Sanders, St Louis c X Davis, w&c. Mo
W M Carroll. St Louts A Kaiser, 3onora
II Cnltteiiden, Denver C M Hatcher, .-an Jose
M Jnffe, Stockton R Avery, Stockton
M Butlry &w, Merced Mrs-^ Taylor, Livermore
MissM Taylor.Hvermor W G Thompson, .Nairn
DrE Ca>e, I tan CapT Pritchard.Sausalito I
Miss A Murray, Sacto WII Fish Aw, Chicago
J Smith. Stockton F Bane, santa Rosa
H 0 White, N V
* — ♦ — •
Intnrent on Prohatn Claim*.
Judge Coffey and Judge Slack, both of whom
are constantly considering matters of probate ,
jurisdiction, have concurred in the opinion !
that a claim against an estate can bear only i
the legal rate of interest after the date of its
allowance until paid, even though the origi
nal contract called for a higher rate of inter
est. It is added that If the approval of the
clnim ttiioiild be signified before it is due that
fact would not .-:ffect the original rate of in
terest specified in the note or bouii up to the
date of its maturity.
SAN FRANCISCO "CALL."
ereiNEHS OFFICE of the San FranclscoCAM^
TlO Market street, open until 12 o'clock every j
night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery itreet, I
comer Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
BSP Hayes street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
615 Larkin street, open until ©:30 o'clock.
BW. corner Sixteenth and Mission street*, open
until 9 o'clock.
2618 Mission street, open until 9 o'clock.
167 Ninth street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
1805 Polk street: onen un.il 9:30.
CHURCH NOTICES.
WCS* HOWARD PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH,
B^-6' cor. Oak ana Baker sts.— Rev. F. R. Farrana,
pastor. Services at li a. m. and 7:46 p. m.
Morning subject, "Esther's sacrifice; or Fidelity
Tested," being the fourth sermon In the series on
"The htory of Ksther." Evening subject, "The
Vow at Heaven's Gate." >abbath-school at 9:80
A. M. Y. P. H. C K. at 6:45 p. m. Prayer-meeting
Wednesday 7:45 p. m. Cuorus Monday evening;
open to all lovers of music. Young people's social
evening Friday. .All cordially invited to all the
services.
fT~S* FIRST UNITED PR YTERI AN !
wi>£r Church. Golden Gate aye., cor. of Polk st.
Rev. M. M. Gibson, D.D.. pastor. Services at 11 I
a. m. and 7::<0 P. M. Young people's services at
6:30 p. M. 'J he pastor will oreach at both servlrcs.
Subject tor th» evening. '-What Is ThfOsonhy?
or Christianity and Theosophy Contrasted " Scats
free. Cordial welcome to all.
BK=p FIRST PRESBYTERIAN CHUKCH,
E» ; - cor. Van Ness aye. and Sacramento st.— Rev.
Robert Mackenzie, D.D.. pastor: .Key. Edwin H.
Jenks, co-pastor. Dr. Mackenzie will preach at
11 A. M. Mr. Jenks will preach at 7:30 p. if.
The evcirng service will be. the month, v praise
service. Sunday-school at 12:45 P. It; Y. P. S.
C. K. at 6:18 p. if. r"rnyrr- meeting Wednesday at
Bp. if. All are welcome.
(r^=» HOWARD- ST. METHODIST EPISCO-
**■& pal Church, bet. S< court and Third sis., two !
blocks from Palace Hotel, Rev. W. W. Case, D.D.,
pastor: Martin bchultz, musical director; J. W.
Wuiilng, Sundny-scnool superintendont. Hours
of public services, 11 A. m. and 7:30 P. m.; Sun-
day-school at 12:30; prayer meeting Wednesday
evening, 7:46; Epworth League, 6:3u Sunday
evening; morning sermon by Key. W. S. Matthew,
D.D. evening sermon. Key. Robert Bentiey, D.D.
Pastor's residence, 140 Hawthorn? st , near the
church. Telephone red 9tii. Church telephone
black 961. •
Bf^i= CENTRAL MKTHODPJT EPISCOPAL
l»~-« s? Church, Mission St., bet. 8 xth and . Sev-
enth— X. R. Dlile, D.D., pastor: J. J. Morris, musi-
cal director; H. M. Bosworth, organist; R. V.
Watt, Sunday-uchool superintendent.. Th<* pas-
tor will preach morning and evening. Morning
subject. "Separated for Service," a communion
address. Evening. '-The Army of the Poor and
the Present Distress," sunday-school at Ip. m.
Young People's Bocety of Christian Endeavor at
6:15 p.m. Mid-week prayer-meeting Wednesday
evening. Seats free. All Invited. ,
KS» SIMPBON MEMORIAL METHODIST
15>* r Episcopal Church, cor. Hayes and Buchanan
sts.— Rev. John Stephens, pastor; residence, 809
Haight st. Preaching at 11 a. m. and 7:3u p. if.
'1 he pastor will preach at both services. Topic at
11 A. is., "The Forsaken Christ," followed by sncra-
ment of Lord's oupper; evening topic, "Me!"
Prelude on "An Eastern Criticism of Cali-
fornia Preachers." Sunday-school at 12:30
p. if.. C. B. Perkins superintendent. Ep-
worth League service at 6:30 P. if. The pub-
lic cordially invited to all the services of
this church. Seats free. ' Ushers in attendance,
I'rayer-meetlng Wednesday evening at 7:46
o'clock. .
K^S' BEVEN T H - D A V.. - ADVKNTIST
Itrjy Church, 914 Laguna St., Da,t. McAllister and
Golden Uate; aye — Elder Hi E. Anaross, .pastor;
residence. 407 Oetavla st. Services: tsabbath (Sat-
urday), 9:45 a. it.. Sabbath-school: II o'clock,
preaching. Special services 7:30 each evening at
1049 Market st. Subjects for the week, "The Fall
of > Babylon/ or The Condition • of ; the Popular
Churches"; "The Great Day of the Lord." and
"The . Closing ■ Work." ; The public cordially In-
vited to all these services, seats free.
NOTICE OF MEETINGS.
■Pgp M isSION LODG E NO. 169/ V. m V- >
X ; *'. and A. M Called meeting ' THIS A :
(SATURDAY) EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. "jIT V
'i hinl degre.-. By order of the W. M. r%y\
C. D. BUNKER, sec.
WpS' : YERBA - BUENA LODGE < *iM)U&
Bt^C No. 16. J. O. O. P.— Officers an 1
members will assemble in .'lemorial -zl~!.j3b?<-¥^
Hall, I. O. U. F. building, , SUNDAY, I '*W^ ' ;
March 7, 1897. at , i:l5 P. x. for the purpose of
attending the funeral of oar inte brother, T. D.
iIoKE.N .A. r M. S. JKFFERS JR., N. G. «
Ueobgb L. Pxbhak, Rec. Sec,
SPECIAL NOTICES.
Bt^g 3 BAD TENANIS EJECTED. 93: COL-
■***'. lections, city or country; rates ' reasonable.
Columbian Law & Col. Agency. W. L. HARPER,
Manager, fifth floor, 101 Sansome st Tel. M 3519.
■5S= THEY SELL ALL KINDS OF DRY
•^ goods, hosier-.-, underwear, bed : spreads,
1 towels, table covers, laces, embroidery, linings,
trimmings, veilings, etc.. very cheap at Pioneer
D.y Goods Store, 105 Fifth st
»^S» PAINTING, PAPERHANGING DONE:
»-»' estimates on work given, by day or con-
tract. C HATTER, 563 Mission st.
IPS* BAD TENANTS EJECTED FOR $4:
mS" collections made: city or country. Pacific
Collection Co., 415 Montgy St., room 6; tel. 6580.
fP5p DR. BAZKT REMOVED. FROM PHE-
" y lan building to 908 <^enry st.: fl. East 367.
SITUATIONS WANTED-FEMALE.
COMPETENT SECOND GIRL, WITH REF-
erence, desires a situation. J. F. CKOSETT <&
CO., 316 sutter r.
p ERMAN' EMPLOYMENT OFFICE, 306
VJ Mason st., telephone main 5332, furnishes re-
liable help of nil nationalities.
"VTORWEGIAN GIRL, THOROUGHLY* COM-
■i." petent and experienced in all branches of do-
mestic service, wants a situation to do cooking
and general housework or second work and sew-
In?. ACdress N. T., box 64, Call.
W" A NTE — 2 YOUNG AMERICAN
tt ladies, a place in a country hotel or boarding-
house as second girls: will work for small wages
where they can take a little girl 4 years old. R.
a., box 82, this office.
UEFINBD AMERICAN LADY WISHES A
Xt position as day nurse; understands the care of
sick people; must be at home In the evening. Ad-
dress MRS. 1., box 1, Call.
ELDERLY LADY. WITH GOOD REFER-
ences, qualified to do all kinds of sewing or
do some light housework for room and board,
with some good Protestant family In city. An-
swer Immediately, MARY DENMAN, 666 Minna.
"yOUNG GIRL .WISHES A SITUATION TO
X do general housework and assist In cooking in
small family; wage:* $15. 239 Vi Langton St., bet
Seventh and Eighth.
SWEDISH GIRL WISHES SITUATION TO
do general housework or cooking in an Ameri-
can family; good cook. Call 727 Howard, rm. t>2.
STRONG SCOTCH GIRL WISHES POSITION
to do housework and plain cooking. Call or
address 33 Fifth s~, near Market, room 19.
TIT ANTED— POSITION AS HOUSEKEEPER
*» on ranch: English; neat; reliab.e; plain cook:
references. R. N.. Postoffice, Nevada City, Cal.
"yoUNG AND • ATTRACTIVE LADY DE-
X sires a position as typewriter: stood disposition.
120% Geary st., room 2, first floor.
WEDISH GIRL WISHES GENERAL
housework is a good cook; city or country.
Address S. H., box 15. Call.
BY REFINED YOUNG LADY. POSITION AS
chambermaid or nursegin: city or country.
M. E., box 109, Call.
T3ESPECTABLE WOMAN WISHES WORK
Xuby the day washing and Ironing or houseciean-
ing.. 2633 Post si.
/COMPETENT WOMAN WISHES SITUATION
\J to do general housework: good cook no objec-
tion to short distance in country. 271/2 Fourth st.
GOOD AMERICAN GIRL WISH KB A SITU A-
tIon for light housework In small family. 1 22
Grove st, lower floor, near Van Ness.
ANTED — POSITION BY FIKST-CLASB
'» chambermaid: boarding-house or hotel: help
watt on tab.c. 314 Jessie st
yOUNG EASTERN WIDOW OF RKI'INK-
-1 ment and culture desires a position as manag-
ing housekeeper in widower's or bachelor's bouse.
Room '2, 122 Post st: call after 12.
yOUNO WOMAN would LIKE a SITUA-
X tion as housekeeper: country preferred. Call
or address 138 a Fourth st, room 4.
WANTED-SITUATION TO DO GENERAL
»* housework by competent Japanese, or taking
care of children. 1307 Larkln st.
yOI'XG SWEDISH GIRL WANTS A PLACE
X to do housework; plain cook. 923 Minna st.
IRL WISHES SITUATION TO DO GEN-
GIRL WISHES SITUATION TO DO GEN-
eral housework; is good plain cook; not afraid
of work. Please call 321 1/2 Tehama st.
EASTERN LADY OF EXPBRIEN( E WANTS
a permanent position ms housekeeper in lodg-
ing-house or widower's home. Koom 8, 995 Mar-
ket st
p ERMAN NURSE WISHES ENGAGEMENT:
VI ladie* In confinement; sick ladies and chil-
dren. 132 Sixth st., room 16.
p ERMAN GIRL WANTS SITUATION AS
VJT nursegtrl: Infants preferred. Address or call
! at 3347 Twentieth si.
; \\r ANTED— POSITION BY YOUNG LADY OF
'* experience with an invalid lady. M., 1401
| Eighth s-.ve.. East Oakland.
I
"DEFINED YOUNG WIDOW FKOM THE
XL country desires a position as housekeeper. 28
Ellis st, room 11.
GEKMAN LADY (GOOD SEAMSTRESS)
vJT wishes a few more places for plain sev. ing or
mending: hotel or private family: 60c per day.
122 Grove st. bet Polk and Van Ness, lower floor.
■|r"XPERIKNCKD HOUSEKEEPER (WIDOW)
J > wants work in widower's or bachelor's house-
hold, with children: country preferred. Us Ninth
1 St., room 17: hours 11 a. m. to 9 P. m.
WEDISH I. IRL WISHES SITUATION TO
SWEDISH URL WISHES SITUATION TO
do general housework in an American family.
Call 4 F >laom aye., off Folsom st, bet seventh
and Eighth.
W" ANTED- A POSITION AT HOUSE-
tT worK; wages $10 month. tali or address 163
Tehama, near Third.
I/TAYOONG MARRIED LADY AS ASSIS.
I ' tant doctor's office: has had some exper.
ience. Address J. W., box 136, this office.
REFINED WIDOW FROM NEW YOKK DE-
XV sires position as typewriter. Call 167 Seventh
st., room 10, second floor.
"POSITION WANTED BY YOUNG WIDOW
X as working housekeeper. Call or address 112
j Taylor st. room 14. . -
OMAN WISHES WORK BY THE DAY
washing, ironing, holisecleaning. 112b .Va-
I lencia, near Twenty-second.
i WANTED — by A scotch Protestant
I '' girl, cooking and housenorK In American
I family; can give reference. Call 720 Ellis st ■
j rnwo ladies from the country wish
X sewing and mending. 139 Fourth st, r. 7 and 8.
! "yOU NO LADY, FORMERLY IN GOuD CIR-
; X en instances, desires lucrative position as house-
i keeper or will do gentlemen's mendln?. I*o Ellis
st. room 17, second floor; call after 12.*
MIDDLE-AGED WOMAN, FROM THE COUN-
try, would like position to do housework;
I wages 20 or 925. Call or address Y. W. C. A.,
1221 O'Farrell at.. City. ,
ANTED— BY CULTURED YOUNG LADY,
position as companion: would travel: state
duties; give references. Address M. LEY, San
I Jose.
W COR. SIXTEENTH ftT., NEAR MlS-
slon; branch office of Th« (.'all. (sub-
scriptions and want ads taken.
SUBSCRIPTIONS AND WANT ADS FOH THE
O Call taken at branch office, 330 Hayes st;
open until 9 :3.) o'clock.
WANT ADS AND SUBSCRIPTIONS FOR
The Call are taken at Branch office, • south-
west corner sixteenth, and Mission sis.
71 LARKIN-BRANCH OFFICE OF THE
*.XO CALL: subscriptions and want a<l< taken.
WINCHESTER HOUSE, 44 THIRD ST.. NR.
tt Market: 200 rooms. vsc 10 $160 per nUht:
$1 50 to $6 per week; convenient and respectable;
free bus and baggage to and from the terry.
i ."CHEAPEST AND BEST IN AMERICA— THE
\J WEEKLY CALL, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for 91 50, post-
*«e free.
SITUATIONS WANTEI>fJMALE.
HUNTER & CO.. CHINESE AND JAPANESE
employment office, removed to 614 i/ a Califor-
nia St., near Kearny. .lei. main 231.
pHINESE AND JAPANESE EMPLOYMENT
V office: . best help. 411 Vi O'FarrelL Tel. K. 426.
JAPANESE INTELLIGENCE AGENCY. R.
O 90. St. Ann's bl'g, 6 Eddy st: tel Ji am 5234.
CHINESE & JAI'A.M-Bls; KST'D 20 YEARS;
helpjtel.muin 1997. BRADLEY <&Cu..64O aay
AM CHINESE AND JAPENb.SK EM-
ployment office. r 511 Bush st; nr. Grant aye.
ITU ATION ON RANCH BY MA.V AND
O wife: man understands ranch, orchard and
vineyard work; good teamster; can run engine;
woman good cook: no children. Address R. P.,
box 70, Call Office. :--
yOUNG MAN WANTS SITUATION: ANY
X kind : of. work: city or country: understands
care of horses, cows and garden: furnish reference
last employer ana ot her*. Address : JOHN a.
MacDunaL, 214 Third st. :
yOD NO MAN WANTS SITUATION: ANY
X kind of work: cltv or country: understands,
care of horses and garden: furnish reference. Ad"
dress JOHN A. MACDONALD, 214 Third St., city.
JAI'ANESK WANTS SITUATION TO DO
O housework or dishwashing. TOYOGOKETHU,
22 Prospect place, San Francisco.
.Ty ANTED — POBITION AS CLEKK. IN A
j IT grocery-store by German boy 17 years old;
small wages and board and lodging. 727 Davis st.,
saloon. ;.:, ; 'r , ■. '
4 M AKKKT ST.— BRANCH OFFICE OF THE
Call; want ads and subscriptions taJten. ;, :
FITrATIONS WANTED— Contfnno/I.
BOOKKEEPER AND ACCOUNTANT OFEN-
larged experience In commercial and financial
lines desires situation; first-class references. Fi-
delity, box 82, Call.
OACHMAN; BY YOUNG MAN (23): CAN
\J milk and do plain hardening; good references.
A. 8., box 109. Ca 1 Office.
■LUKST-CLASS HOR»ESHOER AND BLACK-
-l smith desire* situation. 191 Shipley st.
AN AND WIFE AS COOK*, OR COOK AND
waiter; steady and experieu' ed people; coun-
try preferred. Address HaIUER, 702 California.
THIRST-CLASS COACHMAN (ENGLISH)
S. wishes situation in city or country. Address
room 70. Brooklyn Hotel.
97 MONTGOMERY. CONNER OF CLAY-
O£i I open until 9:30 o'clock; branch office of
the Call: subscriptions and want ads. taken.
TVUKHE— SITUATION AS NURSE OR NURSiS
Xi and valet 10 gentleman; would trave.; years of
experience and best of - references. Address
Nurse, box 6, Call Office.
rpEMPERATE MAN OF 30, FIRST-CLASS
X painter and paper-hanger, handy with tools, un-
derstands care of horses and cows and general
work on private place and hotel; A 1 reference;
will work very cheap. Painter, box 131, Call.
qOQ HAVES bT.-BKA.NCH „ OFFICE OF
•'•>>' THJt Calx.; subscriptions ana wane ads
taken.
INCHKSTER HOCSK, 44 THIRD »T., NR.
"* Market: 200 rooms; 25c to »1 50 per night;
$1 60 to $6 per week; convenient and respectable;
free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
IT O ATION WANTED BY ENGLISHMAN
Oas coachman or groom; best of references.
»27 Second st
f> RANCH OFFICE OF THE CALL, 167 NINTH
XJ st— Want ads and subscriptions taken.
FEMALE HELP WANTED.
COOK, $35: SECOND GIRL, $25: NURSE,
$26; 12 housework girls, city and country,
$20 and $25: 8 yonng girls, assist, $10 to $16.
MISS CULLEN, 323 Sutter st.
N^ OLD LADY .TO KEEP HOUSE; $8.
MISS CULLEN. 823 Butter st.
NEAT WOMAN AS WORKING HOUSE-
XX keeper: $12. MISS CULLEN, 323 Sutter st
AN. IRISH CATHOLIC GIRL AS MAID AND
seamstress; willing to travel; $30. MISS
CULLENj^S Sutter st.
"VfEAT IRISH GIRL. JEWISH FAMILY,
•li as cook, $30. MISS CULLEN, 323 Butter.
RENCH SECOND GIRL; $25. MISS CUL-
LEN, 323 Sutter st.
NEAT SECOND GIRL, $20. MISS CULLEN,
1> 323 Suiter st. '
(1 IRL. BERKELEY, CAL., $20; GIRL, BROAD-
VT way, $20: girl, California st, $25; girl, Contra
Costa, Cal., $20; girl, Vallejo, $20: girl, Stelner
St., $16: girt, Livermore, $18; girl, Golden Gate
aye., *15; girl, Green st,sls: girl, Geary st, $15;
girl, Oakland, Cal., $15; nureenlrl, $16; girl, Fol-
som St., $15: girl, Pine St., 915: 11 young girls.
$8, $10 and 912 per month. MARTIN'S, 49
Market st.
5 WAITRESSES, $5 A WEEK: WAITRESS
country, $.0 and room; waitress, $4 a week;
girl, boarding-bouse, $12 and room; waitress, no
Sunday work; 3 ■ aliresses, city, SS'-O and room; 2
waitresses, $25. MARTIN'S, 749 Market st.
4 MORE waitresses. $20, no --UNDAY
work, 6 hours' work, see party 3P. M. MAR-
TIN'S, 749 Market st.
FRKNCH GIRL: HOUSEWORK; $25. MAR-
TIN'S. 749 Marke. St.
L RKNCH SECOND GIRL; $20. MARTIN'S,
1 749 Market
FAMILY COOK; $30. MARTIN'S, 749 MAB-
X ket st
ENGLISH, SCOTCH OR NORTH OF IRE-
land nurse, $26: 2 waitresses and parlor-
maids, $20 and 92* : Protestant second girl, $20;
3 cooks in American ana German families, $26,
and a large number of cirls for cooking and house-
work. J. F. . ROSETT & CO., 816 sutter st.
WTAITRESS— FIRST-CLASS HOTEL, SHORT
»' distance In the country, $20; Al plac*;call
early. MURRAY* i.EADY, Leading Employ-
ment Agents, 634-636 Clay st
/CHAMBERMAID AND WAIT, CITY: $15;
\J cook, private family, city, $30: cook, private
family, city, $25; 6 German girls, housework, $20
and $25; cook, lnstitu.ioa 1 car city, $20; cook,
country hotel, $25. 8 girls, housework, $20 and
$16: young girls to assist, $10 and $16. C it.
HANSEN «t CO., 110 Geary st.
WANTED— GERMAN OR SCANDINAVIAN
'' cook, $35; nurse, 1 child, $20; cook, small
wash. $25; colored girl, $20: girls for housework.
LEON ANDRE, removed to 308 Stockton st
WANTED — FINISHERS ON CUSTOM
coats; steady job; good pay. SELIG BROS.,
108 Lattery st.
IRI- WANTED TO HELP WITH LIGHT
GIRL WANTED TO HELP WITH LIGHT
housework; small family: no children: sleep
home; German preferred. 1221 Golden Gate are.
W" ANTED — A YOUNG PER ON T ' KEEP
tt bouse for widower. Address Widower, box
16, Call Office.
GIRL FOR GENKRAL HOUSEWORK; FIVE
adults; reference required; $20. 812 Turk st. ;
mornings.
I MARKET ST.— BRANCH OFFICE OF THE
*i Call: want ads and subscriptions taken.
T>RIGHT GIRL TO READ COPY FOR PRINT-
X) ing office: s:ate wages. Printer, box 109, Call.
WANTED- GERMAN OR SWKDI.IH GIRL
»T for housework. Apply 226 Pacific st. bakery.
GERMAN OR SCOTCH GIRL FOR HOUSE-
VI work; attend children. 3263 Twenty-rift st.
ANTED-GERMAN GIKL FOR GENERAL
housework: wages $16. 1716 Broderlck st.
GOOD WAITRESS WANTED. 163 THIRD
street
ANTED— EXPERIENCED CHOCOLATE
>T dippers; no other help. Apply SARONI'S,
608 ironu
p ERMAN GIRL FOR GENERAL HOUSE-
VJT worn at 418 Branuan st
yOUNG GIRL OF 15 i O ASSIST; WAGES $7.
J. Call early, 16 Frankfort aye., off Thirteenth st.
/COMPETENT GIRL FOR . COOKING : AND
V general housework: city reference. 2409
Washington St. .
T>OOKFOLDEBS WANTED AT JAMIKSON'S,
X> 410 Sansome st
ALL FEMALE COMPLAINTS AND Dis-
eases of the eye permanently cured at MRS.
DR. SCOTT'S. 410 Gear}' st : consultation free.
"\ir ANTED— IO YOUNG ladies TO LKARN
' » barber trade: shop to open May 1. Particu-
lars call 138y a Eighth st, S. F. Barber College.
] ADIES LIVING OUT OF THE CITY DO
1 ' writing at home : 2c stamp reply. PROF. J.
B. MeTIER, 129 Third st.
LEARN DRESSCUTTINO AND MILLINERY;
XJ $1 per week; unlimited ' lessons: pattern}
25c. McDowell Dressmaking School, 103 Post st
ni £. LARKIN— BRANCH OFFICE OF THE
UK O Call: subscriptions and want ads. taken.
\l\ OBT CONVENIENT AND RESPECTABLE; ■
IV I Winchester House, 44 Third st., near Market:
200 rooms; 25c to $160 per night; $1 60 to $8
per week; free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
TOLYNN'S DRESSMAKING AND CUTTINU
£ Academy. 14 McAllister st.; $1 a week.
MALE HELP WANTED. .
DRILLKR FOR GRANITE QUARRY, $1 75
per day: laundryman, $30 and found: farmers
and choreboy. MURRAY & RKADY, Leading
Employment Agents, 634 and 636 Clay st.
Q EXPERIENCED RUBBERS ON RACE
O stocK, see boss here early : 20 wooden oppers, $1
per cord, 4-foot wood. MURRAY READY,
Leading Employment Agents, 634 and 636 clay.
5, FIRST-CLASS WAITERS, WITH • DRESS
suits, for hotel, north, $30. C. R. HANSEN <&
CO., 110 Geary st. 0
JAPANESE COOK FOR A RANCH, $20:
O Japanese cook, hotel, $25. C. R. HANSEN A
CO., 110 Geary St.
pHEESKMAKERFORACRKAMERY.COUN-
\J try; farmer who can handle 6 horses, country. ■
$20; farmer and wife. C. R. HANSEN <fc CO.,
110 Geary st.
C)f\ C43LOHED EXTRA ' WAITERS. WITH
Zi\y drets suits, for a banquet. C. R. HANSEN
CO., 110 Geary st. .' ->
TIT ANT ED— BOOKKEEPER AND RECTI-
; tt fler for liquor-store: driver for delivery wagon,
cash security require.!; milker and wife, $4U;
butler for countr.-, $40; men to clear land by con-
tract; cooks, waiters and others. Apply to J. F.
CKOSETT & CO., 628 Sacramento st
WANTKD— EXPERIENCED TAILOR FOR
Institution,' near city, $36 a month, board and
room; .a miners, single-drillers, $2 a day ; strong
boy for factory in city. $3 a week: • American
cheesemaker, must be first class; milkers, farm-
ers, cooks, wallers, etc.- W. D. EWER Jt CO.,
626 Clay st •
fVSHWASHKK, $3 60 A WEEK; DISH- !
XJ washer,'s4 a ween; bell and elevator boy. $10
and room: hotel porter and : runner,' night cook,
$bOand room: night cook. $7 a week; cook. $8 a
week; dishwasher, $7 a week; pantryman, $7 a
week; cook, boarding-bouse. 930 and room.'
MARTIN'S, 749 Market st. it
JAPANESE BELLBOY; JAPANESE COOK,
t) 930 and room. MARTIN'S, 749 Market st'i-vj
COOK FOR : NEVADA, 930 AND ROOM.
MARTIN'S, 749 Market st- ; : . /
UTLKR, $40. MISS CULLKN, 323 SUTTER
street. ' •, • ; ■ ; ...'■■.■..:■■. " • '
HKtP WANTED-t'onflnnM,
WANTKD-MILKER AND WIFE TO COOK
•i for small dairy near city, $40. ANDRE'S,
308 Stockton st ...
I RCG CLERK WANTED: A COMPETENT^
XJ reliable youns: man in a first-class drugstore:
must spe»k English, German and French: please
state experience and references. Address T., box
17, call Office
WANTKD-EXPERIKNCED MAN TO WORK
-TT on grain and stock farm: wages paid with a
pair of on three-year-old colts. Address A. L.
DUBOIS, Bates, Madera County, Cal.
TIT TAILORS AND OPERATORS ON
ii coats; steady Job; good nay. SELIG BROS.,
108 Battery st-
BOY WANTED. STALL- 1 AND H, UNION
Square Market, Powell and O'Farrell sis.
LADY WANTS GEN 1L MAN PARTNER:
only $25 capita. 1 FiMi su, room 1.
A YOUNG MKN TO GO NORTH: LONG JOB;
t c.ill early. HERMAN'S, 637 Clay ft.
WANTED— SEAMEN AND ORDINARY. AP-
ply Shipping Agency, 10 steuarvst., upstairs.
SHOEMAKER WANTED ON REPAIRING;
men on new work. 202 Fifth si.
GOOD STEADY BOO TULACK WANTED FOR
barber-shop. 1048 McAllister st
BOYS BETWEEN 14 AND 17 YEARS. APPLY
X> at 200 Sntter su
ANTED— BARBER FOR SATURDAY, 2
ii Sixth sU
BARBER FOR SATURDAY. 340^ THIRD
B'.. a F.
TV barber. 227% second st!
akber Wanted — call early. 602
Clay su
BARBER WANTED. CALL AT 9A. M., 112 a
First St.
T>ARBER WANTED FOR SATURDAY AT 797
xf Mission st.
BARBER FOR SATURDAY AND SUNDAY,
a 03 Montgomery aye.
JOURNEYMEN KAR.iKKS' KM PLOYMKNf
secretary .H. BERNARD. 102 M^veuth st
I>ARBERS— FOR EMPLOYMENT CALL SEC,
X> P. C. Barbers' Assn. S. FUCHS, 325 Grant aye.
T>AKBER-BHOP— MUST BE SOLD, ON AC-
X> count of s.cknes3. 1944 Market si.
Q-CHAIR BARBER SHOP FOR SALE, OR
O will take partner. 307 Sixth st.
BARBERS. ATTENTION: AN ELEGANT 3-
chair barber-shop for sale on account of de-
parture; $225, If sold tills week. Call 11 2 1 /2 Eddy st.
SECOND EXPEDITION SOUTH SEA ISLAND
0 now formed. 53t> California st
SOBER, RELIABLE MAN TO TAKE PART
interest In cash business: must have $150 cash
and be satisfied with $18 to $:0 per week; business
established 18 years. 777 Market st, room 7.
ANTED - STEADY MAN TO RECEIVE
cash at a place of amusement; salary $2 per
day; must have $125. 917 Market, rooms 1 and 2.
TirANTED— >TKADY MAN FOR COUNTRY
ii position: must have $5 expense money. Ap-
ply, after 3 p. m. 9 Geary st., room 2.
OPLO^? MISSION ST.— BRANCH OFFICE OF
Z**Ji*\) 'Jan Calx.; Bubscriptions ana want ads
taken. :
\,J EN TOGO WHALING; NO EXPERIENCE
ill required. Apply at once at L. LEVY'S Cloth-
lug Store, N K. cor. Jackson and Battery sts.
0 GOOD TAILORS. 641 MARKET STREET.
©IJAABUYS HALF INTEREST IN PAT-
ijp^yjyj ented novelty; selli on sight; dtmand
unlimited: big profits. Address owner, Posiofflce
box 2606, 8. F.
IF YOU ARE GOING TO YUK N GOLD
fields. Alaska, join the Johnson party, leaving
here March 20. Johnson's Alaska Outfitting
Agency, 213 £ansome si.
WANTED— SEAMAN, ORDINARY SEAMAN
ii and grf en-hands for whaling and deep-water
vessels. Apply at McMAHoN & MCCARTHY,
11/ Drumm St., upstairs.
INGLE ROOMS 10c AND 16c NIGHT, 60c
and 75c week. Llndell House. Sixth and Howad.
EAMEN AND OFFICERS FOR HONOLULU ;
and on steam wualers. 904 Kearny, upstairs.
WANTED— SAILORS FOR *TEAM WHAL-
m en and sealers at LANE'S, 604 Davis st.
O£.O« MISSION — SUBSCRIPTIONS AND
ZOZO want ads taken for TUB CALL.
A A. C, C— PROSPECTORS!
TRAPPERS! WHALERS!
Fifty men with at least $200. each wanted to
' form the Arctic Alaska Commercial Company, to
I do shore whaling, fur trapping and trading, pros-
< pecting and mining, walrus and seal hunting and
; generally to develop the resources of Arctic
I Alaska; only men willing to winter in the coun-
' try. to work and to rough it. and to make money,
need apply. Address all applications for informa-
j tion, etc., A. A. C. C, box 68, Cali Office.
I ANTED, YOUR SHOES —WE REPAIR
j ii shoes up to 9 o'clock every night: those work-
I log through the day can have their shoes repaired
) at night while you wait; ladies' soling, 35c; men's
soling. 60c: tine shoes made to order from $2 up;
I we have a lot or shoes been damaged . oy water at
less than one-fourth their value, from 75c up to
$2 50. 562 Mission st, bet. First and Second.
STYLISH AND DURABLE CALF SHOES
made to order, $2 50; cheapest place in city for
repairing and second-band shoes. 959 Howard st
DOOMS, 15c TO 75c PER NIGHT: 50c TO $1 60
it per week. Oriental, 226 Drumm st.
>'IRST - CLASS OPERATORS ON LADIES'
cloaks and suits. W. SIMINOFF, 1228 Market.
ANT ADS AND SUBSCRIPTIONS FOR
Tub Call are taken at Branch Office, sooth-
west corner Sixteenth and Mission sts,
11, ANTED, TOCOLLECT WAGES DUE LABOR-
i» ersdtclerks K.NOX Collection Agcy, 110 sutter.
KECRUITS WANTED FOR THE U. 8. MA-
rlne Corps. U. S. Navy— Able-bodied unmar-
ried men between the ages of 21 and 80 years
who are citizens of the United States, or those
who have legally declared their Intention to be-
come such; must, be of good character and habits
and able to speak, read and write English and be
between 6 feet 5 Inches and C feet in height For
further information apply at the Recruiting Office,
20 Kills St. San Francisco, Cal.
1 1 a NINTH ST. — BRANCH OFFICE OF
11 U ins call; subscription and want ads.
taken.
WANTED— AN IDEA; WHO CAN THINK
ii of some simple thing to patent? Protect your
Idens: they may bring you wealth. Write. JOHN
WEDDERBURN& CO., DepU L, Patent Attor-
neys. Washington, D. C, for their $1800 prize
offer and new list of 1000 inventions wanted.
ELCHO HOUmE. 863V 2 MARKET ST.— ±iuoM.S
Ii 20c, 25c to 60c nitrbt ; $1 to $2 wees.
1 i-rr NINTH — BRANCH OFFICE OF
10 I ins Call; •übacriptloa and want ads
taken. .- -
TRY ACME HOUSE. 857 MARKET ST., BS-
low Sixth, for a room; SJ6c a night: $1 a tvcb£.
EST IN CITY— SINGLE ROOMS, 15. 20 AND
25 cents per night: $1, $1 25, $1 60 per week.
Pacific House. Commercial and LeldesdorH sts.
in/I MEN TO TAKK LODGING AT lOC, 150
11/U and 20c a ntgnt including coffee ana sods.
624 Washington st., near Kearny.
WANTED— LABORERS AMD MECHANICS
ii to know that Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprie-
tor, still runs Denver House, 217 Third st.: 150
large rooms; i 25c per night; $1 to $3 per week.
ROSED ALE, 321 ELLIS ST.— SINGLE FUR-
nisbed rooms, 20c to 25c night, $1 to $1 60 wit
SIMON WANTS 100 MiuN TO UKT BOT-
E SIMON WANTS 100 Mi.N TO «jET BOT-
. tie beer or wine sc: best free lunch. 643 Clay
WANTED— SINGLE ROOMS, J6O A DAY; $1
week; rooms for 2, 250 a day. $1 50 » wmk;
reading-room; dally papers. 86 Clay st ■'-
WINCHESTER HOUSE, 44 THIHD ST., NX.
Maricet: 200 rooms. ■ 25c a night; reading-
room: free bin and Mltnn to and from th« ferry. .
AGENTS WANTED.
AGENTS WA.NTED IN EVERY COUNTY TO
sell direct to the farmers the combination lock
cievia; sells on sight in the East. SAML. GAM-
BLE, P. C Agent, 1307 Dolores st.
A GENTS— BRYAN'S BOOK, "THK FIRST
A Battle." , Apply or address for territory, ■: F.
Person, manager subscription department, THE
WHITAKER «fc RAY COMPANY, 7V!3 Market St.
"-, rooms -WANTED.
OOM. CKXTRAL. private FAMILY, BY
gentleman; stale price, sociability, box 109,
Call Office. ■ .
WANTED— MISCELLANEOUS.
WANTED— FROM PRIVATE PARTY
for short time: t;ood security and Interest. N.
D., box 29, all Office. ,
WANTED- SECOND-HaND .'-MITH -: PRE-
-111 ier typewriter. Call or address 19'/ 3 sixth.
Wasted— i: second-hand: TRAVELING'
. it van or a large spring wagon: must be strong,
light and cheap: state price, etc. • Address J. H..
box 70, Call Office. ;,
IfRAME OF SECOND-HAND CRANK UOIL
awning, with canvas or without 562 Mission.
UILDINGS BOLuUT; LUMB.-.rt. SASHKS,
X> doors, mantels, etc., for sale. 1166 Mlsaton K.
ELL YOUR BOOKS, CLOTHING AM) JEW-
dry 10 A. JKLEIN; 109 Sixth »t. ; send postal.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
HIGHEBT CASH PRICES PAID FORFURNt-
ture, restaurant, saloon fixtures »nd Ktou&rr
stocks. % STENBERG. t»32 Market; tel. main 1043.
©CAA BUTCHER -SHOP; GOOD HORSE.
«3rUUU. wagon, CEsh register: owner leavi^—l
city. STKNBKKG Co.. 632 Market st.  W
SfcQ^ft BKST ROUTE IN CITY; CLEARS T
<pOiJU. *100 per month: triaiglven; sacrificed
account of departure. STENBERG. 832 Maricet.
<J£Qn.n WOOD AND COAL YARD; CLEARS
<Ti/\JVJ. $ 00 monthly; value in sight; trial
given. STENBERG <& CO., 632 Market st.
If OR SALE— ONE OF THE FINEST FITTED-
-T up saloons In the city; -doing a good business;
In a good location: receipts from $15 to $18 a day.
83 Sixth si., room 18.
PARTNER WANTED WITH SMALL CAPI-
X tal to invest in a good paying business; will
bear Investigation. Call 33 Sixth St., room 18.
CENTRALLY LOCATED FAMILY LIQUO ■<■
\J store and car; established same place 17
yeais: owner desires to retire; will sell for cash as
sacrifice: safest and best inveitnien. in toe city.
Apply SPECK & CO., 602 Market St.
HAMBURG— AN OL!> ESTABLISHED (1854)
Hamburg nous* of best standing and with
prominent connections is open to represent a first-
class manufactory or to undertake the sale of a
bulk article. Address to K. H. 5, care of HAAS-
EN STEIN & VOGLKB, A. G., Hamburg.
PROSPEROUS REPUBLICAN WEEKLY
X newspaper; golden opportunity easy termi;
owner leaving. Address &., box 61, tbis office.
GOOD CHANCE FOR RESTAURANT MAN;
first-class oyster and chophouse for sale: $280;
rent paid: owner leaving city. 216 Sixth st.
CIGAR-STORE FOR SALE AT 1179 MAR-
\J ket st.: • rent $25: stock win be sold at whole-
sale price, and 5 per cent discount on total amount.
SALOON FOR SALE IMMEDIATELY ON
account of sickne-is: SE. cor. of Kearay and
California sts. Inquire 123 Prospect place.
GENTS' FURNISHING GOODS; MUST SELL
vT at once; a bargain for some one. Call after 1
f. m. at 38 Sixth si.
FOR SALE— HALF INTEREST IN COAL-
yard situated a' Union and Kearny. Apply at
premises, 1511 Vi Dupoutsu . .
BAKERY AN NOTION STORE; 2 LIVING-
XJ rooms. 6 Twenty-ninth St., near Mlssiou-st.
carhouse; $40; rent $12 50.
PARTNER FOR FIRST-CLASS BUSINE6S. V
X Call at J. L. BOON'S office, 214 Pine st. \
WOOD AND COAL YAKD FOR SALIV.
ground to lease, cheap. Apply 2 Valencia st.
; — ; . _
DINING-ROOM IN LARGE HOTKL-TO RENT;
X 7 rent taken out in board. Apply Call Office.
STATIONERY STORE; OLD. GOOD-PAYING
O place; ni' c for woman to make a good Ii vine.
Inquire Call Office.
Cjtmn. PARTNER WANTED FOR HAY
f\rOyj\J. and grain business. Apply at 955
Folsom. $£gyjg
FOR SALE-GOOD PAYING SALOON. KW,
JP cor. Spear and Howaru.
1/>OR SALE— BARGAIN: FINE EXAMINER
X route. H., Call Office, Oakland.
WAN TED— RESIDENT PARTNER IN SAN*
ii Francisco in paying medicine business net-
tins «50,000 yearly; must have capita! $10,000 to
$15,000: sole charge of Western transactions.
Address Proprietor, box 60. Call Office.
SALOON— NEAR THE AFULIATED COL-
-0 leges and Seventh-aye. boulevard: old-estab-
lished business and good paying place: retiring
cause of sale. Apply Men Hotel, 1807 Halght.
THE DAINTY RESTAURANT, 636 GEARY
st.; a flourishing and desirable business for
sal* at a sacrifice; investigate. Apply on premises.
WANTED— PARTNER, ESTABI.ISHED'PA V-
Ing saloon. Particulars, 539 California st.
yoUNG WIDOW WANTS A GENTLEMAN
X partner; small capital. Room 8, 207 Post st.
■yoUNG WIDOW OF MEANS DESIRES GEN-
-L tleman partner. Room 3, 995 Market at.
BAKERY: GOuD LOCATION; DOING GOOD
busness; rent cheap. Inquire Call Office.
OR SALE— GROCERY AND BAR; FOUR
living rooms. Inquire 500 Fourth street.
GOOD BAKERY AND 2 HORSES AND
wagon: bakes 3 barrels a day.
If OR SALE— GOOD CORNER SALOON AND
' cigar-stand; cheap. 5761/2 Geary st.
pESTAURANT FOR SALE; GOOD PLACE
Xt for man and wife; cheap. 324 Larkln st.
yuUXG EASTERN LADY DESIRES GEN-
X tiemun partner; small capital. 850 Market, r.5.
TJf ANTED— A LADY WITH $150 TO JOIN
ii another with . similar sum, in good paying
manufacturing business: salary or Interest; trade j
established. A. A., box 18, Call Office. 1
flUQ'rv SALOON: OWXJSK GOING EAST. 1
tfrZtOVJ. Apply tor particulars 235 Third St. T
\\J OOD AND COAL YAKD FOR SALE;
'I cneap; doing a good business; selling on ac-
count of leaving city. 1915 McAllister su
TORE WITH 3 LIVING-ROOM 8: ELEGANT
location for business. 406 fourth su
neon MISSION — SUBSCRIPTIONS AND
— •J-.U want ads taken for The Call.
T ATEST CAR FENDER PATENT: BEST IN
Ju vent ion. Apply 623 Golden Gate aye.
CITY ROUTE I'UK aALJi. APPLY THIS
Office.
•VTEWSPAPEIt ROUTE IN INTERIOR CITY
AM close to ban Francisco. For particulars apply
this office. . .
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
QA-ROOM HOUSE ON MARKET ST $1,400
*j\J 24-room house, only bSO
10 rooms, on McAllister st 400
20 rooms; corner: new....... 1,200
14 rooms on Sutler. : 350
7-room house, only. i:5O
18 rooms, near the Baldwin 600
j H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market st, opp. Fifth.
QA ROOMS; ELEGANT; PAYING; NORTH
01/ of Market ; $2300
11 rooms; new: gunny: central 275
Furnished house: new: north of Market.... 110
UNDERWOOD & CO., 765 Market su
E\AQ HOWAKD-LODGING-HOUSE OR HO-
OrtV tel; 35 rooms; store 3 rooms; $75.
<JT»f»/wy LODGING-HOUSE Of" 21 ROOMS
tJpDI/U. on one floor: always full: rent cheap;
good furniture. Call at 18 Va Sacramento st.
-I /-ROOM LODGING-HOUSE FOR SALE AT
J D a sacrifice; must be sold within a few days.
33 Sixth st, room 18.
"I C FINF. FIRMSHED ROOMS ; GOOD
i-O transient trade; Sixth St., near Market; piles
9475. Address T. T., box 28, Call Office.
T ODGING-HOUS;>; OF 15 ROOMS; ALL
fall; good reasons for selling. Address Call
Office.
ICE FURNISHED HOUSE OF 32 ROOMS:
IN cheap. 704 Howard or 1020 Market.
QQC) HAVES— BRANCH OFFICE OF THE
ODV Call: subscriptions and want ads taken. \
FURNITURE FOR SALE. M ■
P^ETIRING^~FROJI BUSINESS;
XX must close out stock in 30 days; brussels car-
pet, 421.-2 C yard; floor oilcloth. 18c; mat Ing, 7o
yard; bearoom sets, 3 pieces, $9 60: 4-room fur-
niture outfit, $65. SHIREK & SHIREK, 747
Market st, opp. Grant aye.
1 FURNITURE. STOVES, CARPETS. COUN-
X ten. showcases. ANDERSON, 1121 Market
AT L. J. NEUMANN'S. 117 SIXTH. FOX
lowest prices on household goods: new or t>oo<l
new: caau or on time: open evenings. :
FURNITURE WANTED.
BEST PRICES FOR FURNITURE, MDSE.
etc. STREET& CRESWELU Auctioneers. 927
Market st rm.316. Houses bought in their entirety.
TF YOU WANT GOOD PRICES FOR FURNI-
X ture and merchanalse see BURP. 211 Larkla.
TT IGHER PRICK THAN ANYWHERE Palu*
XXby Indiana Auction C 0.1057 Market.opp.Jon»t
CARPET CLEANING.
pARPETS CLEANED, RENOVATED LIKE
\J new. J. iIcQUEEN,4S3 Stevenson. Tel. 5.228.
CITY STEAM CARPET CLEANING WOKKI-
-cleans, moves, lays carpets. G. H. STEVEN*
tear. 38 and 40 Eighth su; telephone South 250.
WHEN YoU BECOME DIsuUSTED WITH
poor work send toSPAULDING'S Pioneer Car-
pet-beating Works. 353-67 Tehama st. ; teL So. 4 5.
CARPKT-t LEANING, Sc: LAYING. Sc- RUG
V samples free: tel. Jessie 944. Stratton, 38th at.
ADVANCE CARPET-CLEAN CO. .402
A Suiter: teL Main 394. GEO..WALCOM, prop.
J- WATTS, reliable carpet-cleaning renovtg, alt»r-i
. atlon works. 408 McAllister. Tel. Jt- sale 321.W
:pARFETS CLEANED & RENOVATED LIKeF
:Vnew. 23Tenth; tel. South 36. Mackintosh & Col'
J-j-K. MITCHELL. CAR 3c a yard. Tel. Mi*. 7 i
. 240 14th su ; cleaning 3c a yard.- TeL Mis. 7 1.
0 O^ K mi N H' 8 « :AKi>| -- lt - BEATING : WORKS
\J 83 S Golden Gate aye. Telephone East 126.
BICYCLES.
: <ft4.»V "BEN-HUR," BRA .\ D NEW; REGU-
i^irtO. lar" price $«5; guaranteed hi»h"crada.
GOLDEN JtlULii BAZAAR, 718 Market su.HOUSES TO LKT.
FOB BK^T- NKWLY PAIN I HOUSK 6
rooms: $11, water free. 3383 Twenty-sixth
s:., near Mission.
IN vy HOU.-E: 8 ROOMS: BATH: Ya i D.
19 Hampton pi., cS Foisum st bet. £d and Sd.
fn H'2o ROOM MOUSES TO L -T; 18 ROOMS,
1 V 555. SPECK & CO., 602 Market su
1707 J'»NES, Si:. BROADWAY— SUNNY
X I \J I rooms; rent $14.
HOUSi S TO RENT FOR VERY LITTLE
money >t BALDWIN i ELL'S, 10
Montgomery st.
Q9'_> GKAKY. N R. LAKKIN-15 ROOMS,
• '— •• both: rent very low. BALDWIN &
HOWELL, 10 Montgomery su
$;||) 2-STORY FRAMK, 4 ROOMS AND
<_ I . basement; water f re-: quiet and respect-
able neigUborhoc-1. b" selina place, off norta side
California at., below btockion: ke • at 8.
"I 99fJ B USH — SUNN V HOUSE; 9 BOOMS;
- 1 _— " yard; rent reasonable to a good tenant.
QJA 1731 BROADWAY, NKAU GOUtiH— B
I-, rooms; every convenience; marine view.
BAD TENANTS IJKtTf.H: ?3- SMITH,
collector, 14 >lc> Ulster st.. rooms 10-11.
I'URXISHED HOUSES.
T?URNISHED RESIDENCE AND GROUNDS
'J for sale or lease at a bargain ; the owner will
sell or lease residence with 12 rooms partly fur-
ntohed with about two acres of land bu'bly im-
proved, situate in East OHk.aiKt on electric road,
within ten minutes walk from iwenty-thir l-street
station: broad gauge railroad rent moderate and
puice reason<ib!«>. For further particulars apply
MADISON <fe BURKE, 6 6 Market St.
IURXISHKI) FLATS.
"QUNNY 6 -ROOM UPPER FLAT: FUR-
C? nished: kjm, bath: cars ptss door. 3460 22d.
. COTTAGES TO LET.
TO LET FURNISHED COTTAGE, $7; FOR
summer. 34 Octavla at.
1 Rfi9 CENTRAL AYE.. COR. POST— TWO
X O\)—d cottxges: rent $7 50 acd 9.
COTTAGE- 3.SUN NY ROOMS; YARD: BASK-
ment: sink. l family. 1230 Folsoni, nr. Ninth.
SUNNY COTTAGE; 5 ROOMS AND BATH;
large yard; flowers; rent low. 742 Capp st.
1 *£7 ?\l\ COTTAGE OF 3 BOSKY ROOM-;
I .uw. yard, lot and shed; sewers: water
free; 26 Bennintton si., near Cortlana aye.; key
at grocery. 3418 Mission st. EAsION, EL-
DRIDGI"; & CO., 638 Market st. ,
4R. NEW, OR WILL SELL, $50 CASH: BAL.
fl4 perm. THE MCCARTHY CO., 6it> Market.
QIC NICE COTTAGE: 6 ROOMS: BATH;
«ip 1 «J. sunny: yard: cellar. Key 711 Treat aye.
FLATS TO LET;
FOR SALE — CHEAP; YORK ST.. NEAR
Twenty-th rd: 2 new bay-window flats of Sana
6 rooms and bath; ail the midern improvements;
open for inspection everyday and Sunday after-
noon.
QIQ 1426 a SACRAMENTO ST., NEAR
0 1 O. Hyde — Upper flat 5 rooms and bath.
— 142&1-2; lower flat 5 rooms ana bath.
YEW UPPER, SUNNY, MODERN FLAT, OP.
Xi Jefferson t-q ; 5 rms, bath. 935 Golden Gate.
I)ARELY BEAUTIFUL: KW, COR. SITTER
Xt end Scott sts. 6 big rooms, $27 50: water free;
appreciated listen. Apply opposite corner grocery
71 A NATOMA — FLAT OF 4 ROOMS; LAP.GE
(It; yard; sun all day; rent $10.
LAT TO LET OF 5 ROOMS AND BATH;
. <»W. cor. Twenty-third and Hampshire sts.;
• rent moderate.
fflj 1(J 3631 NINETEENTH, NEAR GUER-
• 0 1 D. reto— Lower flat; j rooms; porcelain bath.
t 1 9I Ql LAGUNA— FLAT; LARGE
1— ' •'•• yard and cellar. Inquire vest door,
>o. 12211 "
IMS! ST, CHEAPE-T, SUNNIEST MODERN
Mission flats. 332-8 Cumberland St.. nr, Church.
FLATS TO LKT FOR VEKV LITTLE
money at BALDWIN & HOWELL'S, 10 Mont-
gomery Bt.
(>li) iOVELY SUNNY FLAT; 4 LARGE
«4rX— • rooms, bath, gas and yard. 3928 Mue-
teenth.st., bet. Noe ana >aneiiez. water tree.
£•£. TO $10 SAVEP MONTHLY. 330 FLATS
O" to let ci:e»p at SPKUK <fc CO.'S, 602 Market.
/>HEAP MODERN FLATS, o AND 6
\J rooms. 88 to *16: ««•» th- m. 523 -• ventri st.
■ :j.:j* : HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS.
Buchanan Street.
pAn BUCHANAN— SUNNY BAY-WINDOW
OUZ and smaU kitchen, $11; with large kitchen,
$15. ' -
liudh Sireoc. . . ■
9QI Ql BUSH — 2 NEWLY FURNISHED
J-OXO2 sunny housekeeping rooms; sink, yard
andba:h; cheap.
Eddy Street.
•I 1 Q EDDY — FIRST FLOOR SUITE FOR
XXO housekeeping, $12; other fur. rms., $6 up.
k-tiia street.
Q99 ELLIS (PALMETTO)— MOST DE^IR-
• J-_— able housekeeping | apartments in the city.
111 li .hi reel.
-1 f\rj FIFTH— PLEASANT, BUNNY, UNFLR-
J. V I nished rooms to let.
Of\Q FIFTH -NEW HOUSE; CONNE' TING
«jUt/ rms.; bay-window; complete bousekplng.
oil- FIFTH — CLEAN FURNISHED AND
• ) — t.) unfurnished housekeeping rooms; 2, 10;
3, $18; single, $5.
■49'Ll FIFTH-2 ROOMS COMPLETELY FUR-
riZdCx niished for honsek'plng: water in kitchen.
i illmov© Street.
Q1 f\ 3 FUNNY UNFURNISHED ROOMS;
X U. . good yard. 2i!12 Fillmore su, near Clay.
Cearv Stree..
9-1 Pi GEARY. OPP. UNION SQUARE— UN-
■ wit) furnished rooms: key at 217 Geary st.
Howard Street.
IC\A HOWARD-NICE SUNNY ROOMS FOR
i \J~i housekeeping: ulso others caeap. .; .
rjr>-\ 1 HOWARD — NICELY FURNISHED
( DJ 'a sunny bay-window suite, with kitchen,
and others.
1 1 A 1) HOWARD-2" SUNNY FRONT BAY-
X lii. window housekeeping rooms; range;
rent $10 to $12.
ivearny Street.
OQQ KEARNY— HOUSKKEEPING ROOMS;
<_«-(/ either gas or coal stove: also suite and t>ln-
,&* . ■ ,
Larkln Street.
AQQ LARKIN — 3 NICELY FURNISHED
, 'iJjO sunny front rooms; gas; grate; running
water, etc. .
?L(\(\ LARKIN. CO-:. TURK— SUNNY FOB-
t)U" nished rooms for housekeeping.
Mason Mreet.
-l/\9MABOSr— SUNNY HOUSEKEEPING
X Vj<-> rooms.
1.1 1(\ MASON, BET. CLAY AND WASH-
II JU iDgton--2 sunny furnished rooms: house-
keeping; $12 50.
3ilnna Stree:.
AOCi MINNA— 1 OR 2 HOUSEKEEPING;
i OO a so single sunny front room, $4.
' ' . Mission Street.
BOQ. MISSION — HOUSKKEEPING FUR-
O\) Dished with everything. $7; also others.
CIAI MISSION — SUN N V FURNISHED
ox I rooms, complete for housekeeping.
-i C\UK> MISSION— 2 SUNNY HOUsEKEKPING
JUDO rooms, $12; also newly furnished looms,
cheap. %
.Montgomery Street.
Q7 MONTGOMERY, COR. CLAY — OPEN
t)~- < until 6:3 o'clock; branch office of The
C a IX; subscriptions and want ads taken.
" >»iuui:i Stree..
c C C NATOMA— SUITE OF HOUSEKEEPING
000 rooms; rent $10 per month.
I ci«T!:i -1 !<<!..
1 Ad'" 1 OCTAVIA, COR. GKARY — SUNNY
l.H\J> furnished bay-window room, $11; with
kitchen, $14.
line Stree...
n(\A PINE — SUNN FRONT FURNISHED
I UTt room, stove, $9; also back room. n:ove, $6.
i t. . k -tree.
Ut 1 A * ROOMS TO RKNT FOR HOUSE-
tJpXU. ket-pln?. Apply 1423 Polk ut.
luneli Mreet. '
90 POWELL, COR. GEARY — 2 SUNNY
JutLO baaemont rooms with kitchen; nicely iur-
ulshed.
HOISEKEEPING ROOMS — Continued.
Seventh Street..
Tin SEVENTH (GIRARD)— SUITES AND
Hi kitchens ;also single rooms;newly renovated
I -r SEVENTH - LARGE sUNNY ROOMS
lul for housekeeping: $8 a d $10.
-. uxmij.- Street.
QIC SAN SOME - NICK SUNNY NEWLY
0 1 D furnished rooms, $3 and up.
Mockion Place.
1 -AT STOCKTON, OUR. FILBERr - TWO
J MX gunny furnished for housekeeping; yard;
cheap.' '
iLirrt s too..
1 Ai>l THIRD ST.- NICELY FURNISHED
lUba housekeeplug rooms: very reasonable.
■fli. THIRD-2 LARG': SUNNY FRONT
.1 X ; rooms, lurntshed for housekeeping; rent
cheap. . __^__
Turk Street.
GOT TURK— FLOOR 4 BEAUTIFUL ROOMS
0— X and alcove; running water; closet, grate,
bath.
" Twentieth -Street.'
n/199 twentieth; near VALENCIA-2
• ")''—.— sunny, furuUhed housekeeping' rooms
and bnth.
ROOMS TO LET.
Clementina Street.
•\TEAT HALL RO< M WITH GAS AND
J-\ closet; rent $5. 339 Clementina st. ' '
Eddy Street.
1 1 Qfl EDDY — LARGE SUNNY FRONT
1 1 O\J room, well furnished; opposite Jefferson
square.
Eighth Street.
HERMAN APARTMENT HOUSK. 2R BTH
0 St.. Market: furnished and unfurnished.
— ;
i_iln street.
EOYAL HOUSE, 126 KLLIS — INCANDES-
cent liguts: readine-room, smoking-room and
ladles' panor: per night. 35c 10 Si 50; week, $2 to
j 58 ; month, SBtcs3o: elevator; hot.cold water baths
(THE RAMON A, 130 ELLIS, MKa. KaTE S.
1 i HART, manager— A quiet house: centrally lo-
j cated: newly furnished: elevator; hot <t cold water.
ijiiu street.
THE COSMOPOLITAN - SELECT FAMILY
hotel: 100 Fifth* St., cor. Mission: rooms
j 60c, 75c and $1 per night: $2 to Si per week.
lourth -trees.
I Q1 n FOURTH— SUNNY NICELY FUR-
i OX D nished rooms, from S4 up.
Geary Street.
"I no GEARY — Ei EGANTLY FURNISHED
X\/O sunny rooms; en suite or single; offices.
Golden Gate Avenue. •
E no GOLDEN GATE A VE.— ELKGANTFUR-
d— O nisbed rooms: also light housekeeping;
rear.
Hampton Place.
! 1 Q HAMPTON PL., OFF FOLPOM ST., BET.
;XV 2d & 3d— 3 suuny r. ; bay-win yd.; basemt.
Howard Court,
/»i)O HOWARD-SUNNY FRONT SUITE OF
XjiliO rooms; a. so single rooms: gas; bath.
- Hunt Street.
Ql HUNT— NEW MANAGEMENT; NICELY
OX furnished room: $1 week up.
■Jessie Stree;.
O/--r JESSIE, NEAR FIFTH— FURNISHED
OL«J rooms; cheap rent.
m.iiiiv Street.
A PLINGTON HOUSE, 127 KKARNY —
A. Pleasant sunny rooms, en suite Rnd single; flrsc
class in every respect: term* reasonable.
LeidesdorfT Street*
' 1 -I (i LEIDESDORFF— LARGE FURNISHED
I KID front room sunny; very cheap; gas; pri-
I vate. ;
Stu.knt Mrect,
■\"OPKMITE HOUSK. 1045 MARKET— PER ,
X night, $35 to $3; week, $1 50 to*s; families.
IHr MARKET. OPP. JONES— FRONT BAY-
Jl'Ut) wlnaow rooms; quiet ana respectable;
cheap. . .
T^ . Mason. Street.
-I 9 MASON— PARLOUS . OCCUPIED BY
1 1 — dressmaker for years or suitable for doctor
McAllister Street.
C9Q McAllister— nice large fur- j
U— O nished front room; with closet.'
jiiuiiH ««trt>o..
iqi , MINNA — ELEGANTLY FURNISHED
rtOi- front rooms; $6 and up; hot water baths.
Mission street..
HANCOCK HOUSE, 7&1 MISSION; PKLECT
family rooming-house; $1 50 to $13 per week.
I 091 MISSION— HO; LARGE.BUNNY SUITE;
■ C--1 complete for housekeeping; single room, $4.
1 9-1 7 MISSION — NICELY FURNISHED
I*_X I sing. room; terms reasonable.
Hew Montgomery street.
-1 f\r- NEW MONTGOMERY — FURNISHED
lUu sunny single rooms; 2oc 10 $1 per week.
Oak Street.
H OAK— DOUBLE ROOM; SUITABLE FOR
2 persons.
1 oat Streos.
qoq POST, CORNER OF STOCKTON.
3 LARGE SUNNY OFFICES. SUITABLE
FOR DOCTOR, DENTIST, DRESSMAKER,
MILLINER, ETC; OVERLOOK* PLAZA;
DESIRABLE LOCATION: ELEGANT SUITES.
ASDOLPH HOUSE. 501 POST— CHANGED
XV bands; 60 bay-window parlors; smaller
rooms; running water; gas and grates: $1 60 to $4.
Second Street.
m SECOND— DOUBLE ROOM*, $1 60 TO $3
OZ week; single, $1 to $1 50: ni;hi, 25c to 60a
tilth Street.
QQ FIXTH — QUIET BUNNY ELEGANT
00 rooms; nil conveniences; fireproof building.
blevengon Street. .
r99 STEVENSON — LARGE FRONT ROOM
<.)_— for rent; newly furnished: $7. ,
Mockton 1.it0..
THK EUROPEAN, 17 PTOCKTON— FUR-
X nished suites from $4 to $10 a week; single
rooms, 81 • 0 to $3 a week; hot and cold water In
every room: baths: transient specialty: tlevntor. J
Sutler Street.
At.f* UTTFR, NR. POWELL— ELEGANTLY
— U n':wly furnishe-1 light sunny ro<:mi, offices; :
bath; reasonable; appr elated if seen by doctor.
xuj .or c tree..
1 (\Q TAYLOR — LARGE SUNNY SINGLE
x\JtJ room $160; large double room $1 75 week.
Viileucl • streei
OAT 1 VALENCIA -NICKLY FURNISHED
•via large sunny fro.it, room; aim smaller
room, wl h large double window* facing street;
in small private family; no children.
Miscellaneous.
SW. COR. SIXTEENTH ST., NEAR MISSION:
0 branch r.nice of Tun. Calx, subscriptions and i
want ads tuk' n. .
BOARDING AND KOOMS.
11 88 HAIGHT ST.. NKAR THE PARK
lOC (private family); 1 or 2 gentlemen, or
lady and gentleman; can be accommodated with
sunny furnished rooms; gas, bath; terms very
moderate. ;..';-_•
V>9Q POST— RESPKCTABLK LADIES ' CAN
U— >/ Mud room, with boar 1: $20 and $36.
— —
Q/kQ VAN NESS A VK.— .NEWLY FUR-
OUO nished sunny rooms, with board.
"I -POST, C 0... POLK — FURNISHED
Jl/OI sunny rooms, with board
1 , Q LEAVrNWORTH— GOOD BOARD AND
1 I •* room for 2: private fam ly. $4 | eek.
TTOIKL Br.RTLI.NG. 714 B sH— A FAMILY
I 11 hotel: rvftrencet: ail modern " conveniences.
v WEEK'S NEWS FOR 5 ' CENTS _ TtLB
a V WEEKLY CALL. In wraorer. for mailing
tlilLUnJi.i I.IIAI.UM).
WANTED-ONE OR TWO CHILDREN TO
board: reasonably. MRS. W. I)., 633 East
.Twelfth at., Oakland. , • ;
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MARCH 6, 1897.
STORKS TO LET.
CORNfR NINTH AND BRYANT: STORE
with good fixtures, 3 rooms and stab c; rent low.
STO X AND 2 LIVING-ROOMS, BE. COR.
. Page and Lyon s'.s. ; rent che.p. , . ,
£~\ (A FOURTH— SMALL STORK WITH KOL'M
•±XU in rear: low rent. Apply to G. H. UMBSEN
& C*v. 14 Mont»onifry st. ■ ,-~ • .
OFFICES TO LET.
1 l 99 MARKET— Ji'ROXT SUITE OF 3 CON-
X 1 — — nesting rooms: also single; £6 to $10 a
week. . • . • •.
OFFII MARYE LAW BUILDING, 1504
Market st., at *^0 per si;ite, opposite the Lick
sta vary. ASHTON Si GARDI.\x.K,'4II Mont-
gomery st. •
T. ANN'S BUILDING, 6 EDDY ST., CORNER
Powell— Deslrab c offices, with gas, janitor and
elevator. HOVE , TOY;& Co.. 0 ontKomcrv.
EDUCATIONAL.
T UCKHARDT'S COMBINED ASSAY OFFICE
XJ and School of Instruction (incorporated);
; PKA' TlCAu.and INDIVIDUAL Instruction in
i the latest Improved methods lv assaying, nnalysls,
i electroplating, CYANIDE procest, etc.; bPKCIAL
ATTENTION given to caieful a say and analysis
of ores, waters, etc. 26 O'Farrell at.: elevator.
•A M HOOL OF PHYSICAL CULTURE AND
A Elocution. 1215 Octavia st., -an Francisco
MISS KJUZA MACKINTOSH. rui>il of i'lofes^or
G. W. liayiihnui, Glasgow, Scotland, and graduate
of the ■ School of Oratory, Philadelphia, Pa.,
teacher. Office days. Friday P M , Saturday a. m.
"I UKSIVE SHORTHAND' ISTIIK EASIf. -T,
yj best and cheapest; vowels aud consonants j
joined: no positions; descriptive pamphlet, free; I
also Pltrvsn. Graham, Munson and Marsh writers !
corrected and speeded: first-class references. ROS-
CoE KAMi 8, room 70, Flood building.
HE AINU'S BUSINESS LOLLKGE, 24 I*OST—
Bookkeeping, business practice, shorthand,
typing. telegraphy, languages, English branches..
«lec:rical engineering; .0 teachers: 15,0V0 gr^da-
aies; day and evening sessions; catalogue. - v
A YRES',' THE LEADING COLLEGE. 3«
-V llonteomerr St.; individua". instructloa n
tliortriana, typing, bookkeeping, telegraphy, eta.
liie scliolarship $50: low rate* we vert atnl mi.
QTAMMEI.INO, LISPING. ALL I.MPERFEC-
O lions of speech, positively cured: voice build-
in;:. individual instruction: references from best in
California. PKoF. R. DAVIs. 1508 Markeu
BELASCO'S LYCEUM SCHOOL OF ACTING—
Private theatrira's arranged; pupils r hearsed
on stage. R. 6 and 12, L0.0.F. block, 7th and Mkt.
LEO COOPEK. SCHOOL OF ACTING AND
Opera. I'antomlme and Acting; study of reper-
toire and vocal music. 81 Geary st.
T^NGINEERING SCHOOL; MECH., KLRC.'
civil, tuining, survey, assay, urchit., X ray
taught; e5.1864. A. VAN DER NAILLKN.933 MKt
STIEUL'S SHORTHAND AND BBSId RB9
College, 723 MarKet b:. ; students trained; office
.situations secured: lowest rates or credit for tuition
nPktOF. LOUIS MERKI: VIOLIN. MANDOLIN,
X guitar, cornet; reasonable. 225 Geary, dr. PowelL I
"OOOKKPNG. WKITNO. ARITHM'iC. GRAMR, j
X) day <fc night: no daises; $5 month. 845 Mission. \
INUING; PIANO: PARIS GRADUATE;
French, tierman languages: $2 mo. 109 Taylor.
GUITAR. MANDOLIN. PiANo ANI« VuCA4>
VX lessons. $a mo. Alary Westhaus. 39 Fifth. .
CUBiSCRIPTIONS AND WANT ADS FOR THE
0 Call taken at branch, cilice, i) 39 Hayes at.;
open until a :30 o'clock.
CHEAPEST AND BEST IN AMERICA—
\J WEEKLY CALL, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $150, post-
m free. t ■ '
MEDICAL. ' .
ALL CASES OF MONTHLY SUPPRESSION
(from whatever cause) ■ restored in a few
hours; safe and sure at any time; instant relief for
travelers; home In confinement: best care and
privacy: regular physician; 30 years' successful
practice: my celebrated remedies for monthly
suppression never fail: every case guaranteed :con-
sultallon Ire, confiden lal: hours 10 to 5: pilUsL
MRS. DR. WYKTU, 916 Post st-\ near Larkin.
Dli. J.H. JOSSELYN.THE GREAT SPECIAL-
Ist, still offers his va uab.e services to th<- un-
fortunate. With a mind ma ured a d euricned by
studies of an advanced order, there is hardly a
disease In the catalogue of human ills he cannot
treat to a perfect c.re Ladies, he Is always ready
toassistyou. His knowledge has been streng.h-
ened by extensive experience. No case peculiar
to yourdellcate organism Is beyond his sure con-
trol. His female monthly r< medics are sure and
safe In their eff-cti. His tried and valuable reme-
dies for lost manhood are never-failing in their
action, anil are warranted for both youni; and old.
He excels all others in the cure of private diseases.
over 5J years of practice enab es him to warrant
a cure lv all cases. Consu>ta:ion parlors. 9J6
Market st. - Call or write direct to 90t> Market st.,
rooms 11 and 12. - - ; -'.:-."- "■'.,'
FOULEV3 frknch capsules— A. '
guaranteed absolute cura for all female dis-
ease* (no matter what cause): positively safe and
sure; no dang-r or after effects: taken in time Is
also acts as a preventive: price $1 50 per box:
sent free by mail on receipt ut price. WALLKii
BROS., S3 Grant aye.
A SURE CURE FOR ALL FEMALE DIS-
J\ eases from whatever cause; a home in con-
finement with every comfort; satisfaction guar-
anteed by MR& GWYER, 226 Tur< su
PROCESS THAT IS PERFECTLY HARM-
less: never falls in any case of monthly sick-
ness, no motter what camp; no elec ricily hum-
bug or other dangerous methods: money In every
case refunded if a core is not effected: travelers
helped immediately; years' experience; home in
confinement with sanitarian convenience. Con-
sult free the only reliable physicians, DR. AND
MRS. DA VI Ks, 14 McAllister st., next Hlbernia
Bank: hours, 9 a. x. to 5 and 7 to 8 P. 11.
ANEW PROCESS— NO MEDICINE OR IN-
b ment used; every woman her own physi-
ci.in for all female troaoles, no matter from what
cause: restores always in one day: " can be Rent
and used at home; ail cases guaranteed; genuine
new process can only be bad at my office. Adver-
tised 20 years DR. POPPKR, 318 Kearny St.
A PROCESS THAT NEVER FAILS TORK-
store every case of monthly sickness from
whatever cause In a few hours when medicines
and others have failed; no instruments used:
many years' experience: every case guaranteed;
advice free; terms reasonable; first-class private
home for confinement. MRS. DR. DALEY, 1123
Market St., over the Owl Drugstore. |
R». GOODWIN. SPECIALIST. LADIES
near or far; safe, quick cure guaranteed, any
disease or complaint; home for patients; beit
skill free diagnosis; low fees; self-cure. 401
Van Ness aye.
DR. AND MR*. Wl OESEK. 626 EDDY ST.:
private home; every comfort: separate rooms
before and during confinement: female complaints
skillfully treated; regular physician: quick relief
for travelers: test care; ten s moderate: babies
adopted in good families; consultation free; pills $2.'
rpo BRIGHT SUNNY OFFICKS IN THE
X i;nion-sqiiar>- Market building, Powell St., bet.
ary and O'Farrell. For particulars apply to
BOVEE. TOY <£ SONNTAG, 30 Montgomery st.
A LPEAUS FRKNCH PILLS— A BOON TO LA-
J\. dies with female troubles; nodaug«r; safe and
sure; $2 60 express C. O D. ; don't delay until too
late. OSGOOD BROS.. Coast Agents, Oakland-.Cil.
T THE PEOPLK'SONE DOLLAR MEDICAL
Institute all cases treated and medicines fur*
nshfd for *l : call or write. 1029 M rketat*
bet. Sixth and Seventh, san Franciscu, CaL '
T\U PRAK"-> FEMALE REGULATING PILLS;
XJ safe and efficient emmenacogue; (1 per box.
RICHARDS «feCO.,druggists, 406 Clay m., sole agts,
FAIL TO CONSULT Dlt. JORDAN AT
his museum, 1051 MarKet St.: his 30 years'
inccessful practice Is a jrop.ranteeof fair treatment;
the worst cases treated satisfactorily by mail.
>URPA'SED REMEDIES FOR FEMALE
U troubles, disease*. MRS.DR. PUETZ,264V a 4th.
OME. A FRIEND AND MOTH CARE.
MRS. DR. FUNKE. 1416 eighth St., Alameda,
1 R. HALL. 14 MCALLISTER STREET, NiiAit
XJ Jones. Diseases of women ana children.
~~T vVttK ; S NEWS FOR ,5 CENTS— THB
.-\ WEEKLY CALL, In wraDDer. for mailing. \< : ... ■
HORSES. '
l(\ HORSES FOR SALE: ALSO WAGONS.
i buggies, carts, harness; Grand Arcade Horse
Market, 327 sixth st. auction sales every Wed*
nesday. SULLIVAN & DOi LE, Auctioneers.
YOB SALE CHKAP-40 YOUNG WORK AND
°JT business horses; also 10 mule*. Cor. Fifteenth
and Valencia Sis. ,
en HEAD OF HORSES SUITAHLI. FOR ANY
OUbuslnen 900 to 1500 pounds. | O.d Turk-su car
stables, 1301 Turk; team of large young mulei.
t/ w i SET NEW AND bi,CON I>HA.\ v HAH-
-0 U l/ ness : all kinds: buggy, wagon, cart*, surra 7 1
■A rockawar: 40 cheap horses. 15th and Valencia. ,
GOOD HORSE IN EXCHANGE FOR 4 PLUMB-
Iug work. 623 Golden Gate aye. . -
I ARGE STABLE AND LOFT ToR RENT
J-< cheap. 'Linden aye., near Van Ness. :
LI, KINDS OF TURNOUTS TO LKT AND
for sale. M.K. BOYCF.'s livery sta. le. 38 12th « ,
WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
SACRIFICE — FAMILY . CARRIAGE- AND
double harness; make an offer. 1017 East
Fifteenth su, Oakland. v'-^ .*/..•;.
■\T W AND ~t KCOND-HAND BAKER, LAL'N-
xN -dry and miik wagon ; < also line top buggy and
rockaway. B<B Harrison su 1 ..-•. •'.. -.«, . ■; ;■■...': a
: PHYSICIANS. '
T |B. C.C. O'DONNELL, 1206 MARKET, RES.
J-/ 2864 25th st. ; diseases of women aapecialty.
, c . . personals.
V-iESTLEMAXv OF MEANS WISHES to
VT correspond witn;laay in. the sam« \,o ltion:
must be Inclined to travel : object matrimony.
Address L. C, box 41, Call Office.
ARCH :5, 1897-TO ; ,THE PUBLIC AT
large: -In answer to an advertisement In
the papers by ray husband I wish to state there is
no nee I of an/ one remain* me credit; I have not
asked t a id do no?. need it; |my friends are able to
support myself and chi.dren; I left with just cause
on the ground of cruelty. ANNE ELIZA Me-
VICKKR. ■;.. ■/ . '.'■■:..■.• ' . '.'■ -.'■-.-'-' -
ANY INFORMATION OF THE I WHERE-
aboutsof MRS. JENNIE MORGAN will be
thanktu.ly receivea by her friends at 637 Howard ;
last seen "at MRS. K. I ARt.OLL'-* at cor. of De-
Haro and Solano sts., on Feb. 28, in the afternoo .
ME. RDLLANI). TKACHKR OF FRENCH
language, located 203 Powell St., room 26.
ME. MYRTLE POTTER, FORMERLY
1. 62a Market, has located 33 bixth st, room
17, first floor. , : ■.:■ '■■"' _......;- ■
ADVICE FRKE; DIVORCE LAW- A SPEC-
laity: private-, no : fee without success; pro-
bate, insolvency, wills, collections, bills of sale'
damages, etc. : priv .te detectives: estab. 10 years.
G.W.HOWK, at y at-law, 850 Market.cor.Stocktn
iSS OLLIE LAKE. 'CARD RKADKR AND
magnetist. Rooms 3 and 4. 309 Sutter.
ONROE SALISBURY SAYS— "I Al WAYS
use Vita Oil. for sprains, bruises, soreness,
Inmen si or stiffness: no hjrsemin can afford to
"be without it." 41 bot., 6 $6. VII A OIL CO.,
1533 Buchanan st.
I.ECTRO-MAONETIC BATHS ~" ] .
Will cure RHEUMATISM; nothing else will;
I it's no use to us* 1 medicine;' try them once and be
convinced: FREE consultation 1 to 3, 6 to 8; Sun-
days, loto 12; board witn sunuy rooms reasonable,
if desired. SANITARIUM. 1533 BUCHANAN ST.
T\O YOU SUFFER FROM RHEUMATISM OR
XJ dyspepsia and want to be cured? information
sent lree. DR. CUMMINGS, 303 Third st.
. KB TT-FIIZSIMMONS FIGHT— A FEW
more choice seats at the ring and Pullman
berths left to fill up the party. Apply at once to
ED HOMaN or SAM DaNNEMBAUM, 771 or
828 Market st. - ■
COME TO ME FOR THK VERY BEST IN
the line of switches; have jus: received a new
line, nrst quality ; gray switcnes. the very best,
$2; switches, all colors, from $1 to $2; halt-dress-
ing, 25c: I can restore gray or bleached hair to
natural color with periectlv harmless preparation.
G. LKDERfc-R. 11l Stockton st.
PRIVATE nETKCriVE WORK DONE REA-
X sonable: 10 years' experience: hrs. 10 to 12 m.,
2 to 5. 7 10 8 P. m. G.K.WKB-Vi'EK, 1027 Marketer. 6.
AGMSCOPE - NEW 1 ROJECTING MA-
chine; us s the kinetoscope Urns: price re-
duced, $: 50- BACIGALLPI, 946 Market su
Wr ALLPAPER FREE; NO CHARGE FoR it
»V painting, paper-hanglne, etc., by men, artists
lv the line. Mi-KIG^N. 1302 Webster st.
'OMSWHITENKD,SI UP; PAPERED FROM.
$2 60 up. 2808 Twenty-fourth st., and 239
Tnird st. V-v.Vv
M . J. PHILLIPS. HUMAN HAIR MER-
-1 chan:; artist in hair and ladies' hairdresser.
Removed to 120 Geary, above Grant aye.
I Him CARDS, $1 6a SHOW CARDS. ETC.
IUUU TeL Black 141. HILL, 22% Ueary st.
C. I A DOZEN— FINE (AlilNhlo At' Vfli*
tlpX SON'S nailery. 1028 Market.
TJIG OUXDOOK STKRKOPTICON SHOW EVE-
X) ry night cor. Market and Sixth sts.; artistic ad-
vertisements In living light; promoters of busi-
ness, consult OWL ADV. CO.. 1140 Market st.
HHUFSCHMIDT, SANITARY PLUMBER,
• gasfltter. b23GoldenGate ay. Tel.,Sutter 471.
STROZYNSKI, 24|GKARY ST., EXPERT
." European hairdressers and cutters; employs
no apprentices; prices equal to others.
VKGRANT WILL HEAR OF SOMETHING
. to his ad van 1 by calling upon LAN DRY
C. BABIN, «i 3 Kearny st.
PAINTING, WHITENING, PAPERING:
X lowest estimates -.best work guarante-d; wall pa-
per roll. EDWARDS. 1200 Webster, cor. Eddy.
IS KKKGAN (FORMERLY WITH G. LEO-
erer) has opened a stylish halnireuing par. or;
latest effects ;price 25c. 124 1 /a O'Farrell, ur. Powell.
CO7 JJIONTUOMEitY SI., BRANCH OFFICE
O^j i ui'lut Cajll; want ads and subscriptions
i taken. - .
j 1,-ARTINGTON'S tCHUOL OK MAGAZINE
J and Newspaper Illustration: particulars an to
terms, etc, 424 Pine su; illustrations luruisheU
for magazines, newspapers, etc. .
[ I>UFTUKE AMJ PILES CURED; NO PAY
Xv until cured: send for book. DRS. MAN*
FIELD & PORTKRFIELD. 838 Market st.
LKCTRIC LIGHTS IN EVERY ROOM:
Winchester House. 44 Third st, nr. Market:
' i.OO rooms. 25c to $1 CO per night: $1 60 to (6 per
week; free bus and baggage to and irotn the ferry.
CLOAKS. JKUiia A.» iV bL'U'.i kktailkd Ai
V^ wbolesala prices. i >iu-torr. '20 Btnaoma st.
i CLAIRVOYANTS.
■___ . '^. :,- .'_ I''-*- -'- r , J -, J .^.r'nnrn.-.-,.-, J -.-Ainr.ra
MME. DR THOMAS, SCIENTIFIC REVEAL-
er by eggs and cards: tells entire life, pas',
present, tuture; consultations on all affairs: noth-
ing excepted: names given: good advice: sure
help; restores lost love by sympalny; mistake Im-
possible: fee $1 ; letter $2. 929 Post st., nr l.arktn.
i-iRACB TEISEN. CARD- READER, FROM
VI Denver, just returned. Address 120 a Eddy
St.. parlor 2. - ._". T.
ETHEL GRAY. CLAIRVOYANT, CARD
reader and palmist. 1169 Mission st. between
-seventh and Kighth.
MME. LEOGETTE, LIFE-READER; B0»1<
ness a t vice; one price, 25c till Tebama su,
near Fourth. . .
MME. LENE.MAR, FORTUNES TOLD BY
planets: predicted passenger steamer on
island: f ure tips on prize-fight. 815 Mission St.
G^PSY LIFK- HEADER, 3 BKVENH ST.;
ladles' 25c, gents 50c: all questions answereo.
ME. SYBILLIS TKLLS FROM CP.ADLK TO
grave; pictures given: ladles 25c: i>l4 O'iarr»lL
MMX. HANSEN, PALMIST. CARD-READER;
1M past, present and future: 23c. 148»lxth, r.5.
NOW THY FUiURE; CARDS READ
truthfully. 419 Geary su, room 22.
ISB MELVILLE,; WELL-KNOWN CLAlR-
voyant, 61 Filth st.: water readingsa specialty.
RS. DR. DEAN, MEDIUM AND MAGNET-
i-ii. I 1031 Mnrket st., room 6.
ME. VENA RKADS LIFE FLUENTLY:
business advice: jiames given; 26c np.s Fourth
ME. MOREAU, BKST CLAIRVOYANT AND
IVX medium in city; > fee 25c up. 764 Howard su
Tlf ISS HARRISON, PAI.MIST: MAGNETIST:
x>X removed ironi 223 Post to 1 i.'oi/ Geary, r. 2.
MISS ; IN A ' COHEN, - PARISIAN CARD-
reader and mngiie Ist. R. 12, 109 Grant aye.
SPIRITUALISM.
\| RS. C. J. MKYER, CIR. TO-NxGHT. TUBS.,
* ''I Wed. and Fri., 2 p. m.; 10c; trance dr., Mon. &
Fri. eve., 2 c; sittings dally. 326 McA lister st. -
ME. OSMA>, SPIRITUAL TRANCK MEDl-
urn; life readings, love aff.ilrs, business Invest-
ments, mining speculations a specially. 838 Mission
\. . Ba MATERIALIZING SEANCE
;JVI- to-night; 60c; sittings d*i y. 31 Fell st.
ME. YOUNG'S TEST CIRCLE TO-NIGHT;
lUc. 418 McAllister st.: convincing tests.
a' T997 MARKET TO-NIGHT; TEBTBTO ALL;
A full names given. MR. KEEGAN and others.
DKOi-KSSOR FRKD EVANS, THE NoTED
X slate-writer, is located at 1242 McAllister st. '>
RS. MA -TEERB, H2y 3 OAK; CIi.CLE
Tuesday, 8 T. v., Thurs., * P. if.; readings $1.
MRS. H. A. GRIFFIN— Ci R. SUN. EVK.; 25c;
test mtg. Tbur. eve. ; stgs daily. 426 y a Grove
AM. *UANI.IS. 1 > DEPENDENT sL.\TE
. : writer. \ 118 Halcht St.; hours 9 until 6 P. U.
RS. J. J. WHITNEY. CLAIRVOYANT,
tranca test n edluiu & life reader. '218 Stockton
HYPNOTISM.
HYPNOTISM tURKs WHKN ALL ELSE
' falls: also tanght. Hypnotic inst.. 6 u'Farrell.
LOST.
LOST— PUG BITCH NAMED QUEKNIE
XJ : harness on. Return 274 Tohama; . liberal re-
ward. ■
l; LACK MARK ON. SAN BRUNO KOAD, NR.
I 1 Golden City; reward. .J. GNOS.
THA i PAR .V THAT STOLE FEMALE MAL-
X tese cat front '.'O5 Ash aye., a few days ago, will
please return 11 and save farther trouble, as party
is well known. - '•■- '
RANCH OFFICE OF THK CALL. 167 NI.nTH
XJ St., want ad. and su inscriptions taken.' ;■ '
: ; PROFESSIONAL ' CARDS.
JOHN R. AITKKN ANDM •> U' ICE L. ASHER.
tl allysatlaw, rms. 615,516, sth floor, Parro ib.dg
: 1 OHN E. J.ICHAKDH, LAW UJfi'lCKs. 1 ROOM*
tl Via and : 27, Crocker . : buUaiii*; . Mtieimona Umm *
: 75, Kan Krancisco, 1 CaL ?I ...".*■'■'.': :.".■';._■ ■ ■■
HOTELS.
: IJBOOKLYN HUTKL, ' 208-212" BUSH BT-
-1 > board and room $1 to (2 per day, .16 to $12
- per : week ; ■■ ; choice rooms 50 cents to *1: suite
' rooms lor family $1 10 SI 50 per night: I tirst-class
'service; tree coach, CHARLES MONTGOMERY
CITY REAL ESTATE. . :
SNAPSHOTS FOR BAKGAIN-SEEKERS.
$1850; 50x80 feet; W. side De Long aye.. near
tmlericii st. ' .. ■.- .vv - \/■ ; : :
$800—125x100: cor. Berkshire .and Hamilton
its. ; Mission and Thirt eth Extension Homestead
Union.. ■■;-•:•:.-•." ■■• ■ ,-.-?•:■-•>-.■••■.•■ ■:•;•-:■:- •.■.■••.. ' -> , ■ ,
$550-For both lots: 25x100 8. side A st, bet
21st and 2;: d ayes., ontsiaela' d : 25x100: N. side
•-iiunyiiideave ,b.-t. Congo and Detroit sis., Sunny-
side Homestead . cia.ion. - , : .
$400— 55x182 : ! N. side Addison -t., 330 fpet E.
Castro; , buck 33, Falrmonnt Tract, a.so fronts Oil
Beacon st.
200— 40x199; N. side Pope St., 425 feet E. of
M»Biiou: BT'ial Homestead ' , ■
300— 37:6: W. aidi 14th aye., bet. B and C
sts.; outsl c lands/ - ■
CHAS. C. FISHER. 607 California st.
C. BEMIS, --•.■,■ -■•■'.■- v "
. REAL ESTATE AND LAND AGENT,
. REAL ESTATE AND LAND AGENT,
324 MONTGOMERY ST.
" FOR SALE.
Choice bonding lot on Army and 27th sts.; close
to electric road. ' • •■ ■ • ■
$450— s«n Carlo* Villa lot: 100x160 feet.
(6700—50x127 -.6 feet on Jackson »t.. overlook-
lne the Presidio and bay. • . . .
$b'OOU— 2 modern houses of 8 rooms each at
ri. rk: 25x137 :6 feel; electric roaa passes houses:
make offer. ■ ■ "
8500— Elegant NW. corner or Cole and Carl sts.
$300— Choice building lots north of park. ».•■
Bargain— SW. - cor. Film ay. aud st.: 109x95 ft.
NTKD— BUSINESS AND INCOME SAN
Francisco property fur cash: cheap. SPECK
CO., 60- Market si. .
NLVT ILE i- T— NEW HoUsES. JUS COM-
pleted; sunny side Cole st.. near Waller; 10
rooms; large lot, 125 feet deep; street to be bitu-
mlnlzed. Apply on premises. • ;:■
PROPERTY TO EXCHANGE.
«) Li .TS^ON~eTe VENTH A^E^NE^R~PoTnT
— Lobos, to exchange* or ranch or. house and lot.
H. C. DECKER, 1020 Marker st. ..'
caa HOUSES, LOTS, RANCHE- AND BUSI-
i)Kj\J ness places. H. C DECKER, 1020 Market
TMNE N KBRASKA FARM. 160 ACHES, $6000,
X lor business or property. DECKER, 1020 Mkt.
], OR EXCHANG'-A LOT IN SEATTLE,
X 1 Wash., for second piano. R. 1., box 64, Call.
QjOrv/yKQIUTY IN MCE COTTAGE AND
»JpOv/U $200 In cash to exchange for most any-
thing. E. B. RaBB, 1316 East Eleventh st., Oak-
land. r'r ' •'.:
OK.ND FOR OUR U»T of ORCHAKu HUJIKI
lor sa'<». W< O<TR't <* WHITI't ■£/j««n Jn*"».
PROPERTY WANTED.
TVT ANTED TO BUY COTTAGE OR SMALL
IT house: must be cheap J.. box 30, Call.
MONE* TO LOAN.
A LOANS ON FURNITURE OR PIANOS.
. In S.F.; Oakland or Alameda. at lowest rates;
without removal: no commissions: no delays.
J. NOON AN," 1017 to 1023 Mission su, above Sixth.
telephone Jessie 4L
LIBERAL ADVANCES ON DIAMONDS
. jewelry, sealskins and silverware: interest
low. cut-Rate Loan Office, 7 Flood building, 80S*
Market be. • ■ ■■ -
ffij'JAA rUU\ AT 6V2 P£R CENT ON city
0 O\J\J. yj l/l ' real estate ; also Oakland : estates,
life Insurance, second mortgage, any sum. Man-
hat'.: d Loan Co., 10 Mills building, ground floor.
HIUHLY l.r. -Ph.CTABLE AND PRIVATE
place to obtain the most liberal ' advances on
diamonds and jewelry at tne very lowest rates.
Baldwin Jewelry Sture, 948 Market. '
NY AMOUNT; IST. £D;OR 3D MOUTH AGES,
estates, undivided interests, real estate in pro-
bate: furniture and pianos without removal.
McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery s;.. room 3. ,
ftQ*): ll()ik A 1 BANK HATES; IST AND
iii.UUU 2d mortzaces. estates, rents, eta;
lend as low as $50. ' H. MURPHY, 628 Market st.
WHY PAY HIGH INT. ON I-MALL LOANST
•' We loan at 55c Interest per mo. on each $100
on 2d mortgage: any security. Gold, box 4, Call.
LOANS ON REAL ESTATE: LOWKST RA IE
of interest JA& B. 8R00K5.214 Pine, r 5B-59.
OX FURNITURE AND PIANOS; NO RE-
moval; low rates; private party. 219 Powell, r. 3.
N PIANOS AND -FURNITURE. AVITHOUT
ON PIANOS AND FUHNtTCHK. WITHOUT
removal very low interest. 116 McAllister st.
X FURNITURE: VERY LOW INTEREST;
no commission. SCRIBNER, 7 City Hall aye,
PKIVATE P.ARIY LOANS ON ANY GOOD
X security; interest .ow. Add. J. W., box 45, Call.
MO.NEY 10 LOAN on meal ESTATE: ANY
amount AY ;LLIAMS, 214 Pine ex., room 3.
Gj^A '1O $50,000; LOW ha I 1 I.A 1 1M & £\i
\g)O\J mortgage: Cat or instlmnu Dry den, 535 Cat.
DVANCEs ON DIAMONDS. JEW Er.RY,r.TU
Columbia Loan & I ollaieral Otlir<» » 1 rant ava.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
A BSOLUTELY THE OLDEST AND LARGEST
A house west •of Chicago Is K'JHLER <fc
■CHASE'S, 26, 28 and 30 o'Farrell si.; pianos, or-
gans and all other musical instruments, 01 all
grades and prices; terms easy: prices lowest:
every thing possible done 10 please and satisfy the
customer.
CTUALLY THE BEST BARGAINS IN Pl-
anos; mon.hly pa. ments from a 5 up; deliv-
er, d free with stool and cover: correspondence
solicited. TH F. W. SPENCER COMPANY,
salesrooms 933 Market su, opp. Mason; estab
lisbed over 20 years.
. ONA FIDK REDUCTION IN PRICES—
' Haines. Knabe, Bush & Oerts and others; sec-
ond-hand pianos from $100 up. W. C. HAMIL-
TON, successor to A. L. Bancroft it Co., 324 .r'ost.
WHY PAY REN l" FOR A PIANO WHEN
'» the same monthly payments will purchase
one at SHERMAN, CLAY & CU'S.
* T LESS THAN COST: ENTIRE EMPORIUM
AT LESS THAN COi>T : ENTIRE EMPORIUM
mnslodept.: Shaw, Chickerin?' $235; Sohmer,
$245;Steinway,$195:$3upnotnt Heine,l36 Ellis.
ADMINISTRATOR'S BALK — MUST SELL,
J\. pianos at immense reduction for cash or uu
ills ailments. EATON ESTATE. 735 Market.
HE BEST PIANOS OF EVERY GRADE,
from Stein way down, can be found at bHEK-
MAN, CLAY & CO.
ftirc NKW UPRIGHT, STOOL, SCARF;
tjpx I O. warranted 5 yrs. BP.UENN'S,22BPosu
"<B£ 1 <)A HAZELTON UPRIGHT, STOOL,
V I —U. cover; $5 iustailmts. 221 Leavenworth.
T>EST BARGAINS IN THK CITY FOR THE
Xj next 6 days at MAUVaIS 1 , 769 Market st.
OUR RENT CONTRACT PLAN ENABLES
every family to have a fine new piano. SHKU-
MAN, CLAY & CO., Kearny and butter sts.
BARGAIN. FINK LARGE IGHT.CHE AP
SCHMITZ, 16 McAllister, next Hibernia Bank.
T SHKRMaN, CLAY & CO.'S ONLY WILL
yon find a stock of new stelnway pianos
HORN UNO'S PIANO; MOST PERFECT;
■JQ. brilliant and powerful tone. . 216 Post su
W(i. BADGE SOLE A' ENT FOR HALLET
.<fe Davis and Francis Bacon pianos. 415 Sacto.
PIANO-* SOLD AT SHERMAN, CLAY & CO.'S
on very easy payments. ; :
YRON MA L Y. 308 PuST ST.— sOHMER,
X ewbv «£ Evans, Brigcs and other pianos. ■'
QUPKRIOK VIOLINS. ZITHKKS, OLD* NEW
0 H. MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 La; ham piace. '
/•IHEAPEST AND BEST IN AMERICA—
\J WEEKLY. CALL, sent to any address In tha
United States or Canada one year for $1 50, post-
age free. ;■•. r y■' - •■■■.•■- -■ ■■■-.■• <•,..
FOR SALE-MISCELLANEOUS.
FOR HALE— FINEST- DOG IN THE
City; % "Iberian bloodhound: y* mastiff. Can
be seen a. 419 La»ln st or 7*7 O 'Farrell st;. '
WO COWS AND CALF, ON*. FRBSH. 2637
X Harrison su :■'.'■ '..-;. -. •'. . ; ■.•'■..-.■ : :,_■'■' ■,
L INK EIGHTH MEDIUM GORDON - PRESS,
F with throwoff and fountain; $100. A. W., box
136, Call Office. •/ : .
OM X.-TIC SEWING MACHINE; SIX
drawers; $30. 2408Va Sacramento st., rear,
downstairs.- :• L V- ; ■ ' . ; ■'.;■■'
LURNiTUKK OF 3-ROOM FLAT CHEAP:
rent $16; call 10 to 2. J 423 Sutler st. . : ;
UTi HER-MIOP: ALL CO.MPLfc.TE; AT A
bargain. Inquire 1 ' 05 Mission si. - .-  .; ; ; ; ,
I-KKSU DURHAM COW; RICH MILK; 22
I 1 quarts per day: gentle. ;k 1312 Folsom «t : .. .. ;
AND LAUNU.. V MACHINE-; .NEW • AND
seconfl-hand;. tools, supp iea, etc 766 Bryant
ULTON - IRON ' WORKS i ENGINE; ' 60-
J? power. .WHITE, 616 Mission st
C^Otl-EE MILL. bCALEt*. LKTTI-.R VRES3,
) stand desK-, money li.l, sate: cheap. 102 Clay.;
: I :oIIERS.ENGI.\ES,JD-HAN«i. MACHINERY
1 > water-pipes. Alclntosu & W«lpman. 137,Beale> .
I .AKS, SHOW* ASK 8, COUNTERS. ?SHi£LV-
-I'J Ing, etc., bought and so.d. 1063 Mission, nr. 7th.
A I GE . DOUBLE COMPARTMENT COIN
b»nk saf.;; 1 l.iia . 8 Mission st _, , ■ ' "; _" ; {. ;
1, • ARS, BACK. . BARS, , : JUIRRORS. SHOW-
I /;-. cases, counters, linoleum, ■ office • furniture,
store and office ; furnitur- and fixtures, new and
second hand. • J. ONAiN', 1017-1018-10v!l-102J
Mission s. , above Sixth. . . . : : > : ;
EAV ELMWOoDRANGKS ARE THE BEST.
W. S. RAY MFG. CO , 12 California st ;
NE • SMALL MKUIUM \ AND ' LARGE-3IZS
lire and burglar proof safe. ; 109-111 Market *i. |
COUNTRY, ;; REAL ESTATE.
RARE OPPORTUNITY—AT HALF VALUK,
825 to $3 > per -- acre; Pleasanton, Alameda
C unty. H. J. DIGGLE. 69 Columbian building,
Market St., Sun Francisco.
AT HALF price, VINEYARD IN ALA-
meda County; 7 years old:' in tracts of 6
acres up; sold by order of court to settle state:
p»rt cash; immediate piofit; fullest investigation
invited. Administrator, box 136.
GOOD LAND: JS TO 840 AN ACRE. M. M.
GR.FFIN, i ottonwood, Shasta County, CaU
ffi;C AN ACKE: 1280 ACRES TIMBER; UOOU
tir«J fur stock or f. uit; plenty water. S., box 40.
SEND FOR ILLUSTRATED PAMPHLET OF
California Inndi for sale dv H. FRANCIS,
rooms 69-71, Chronicle building, r-an Frauci.sco.Cal.
lIT HE H')MES LOSE iO TOWN; IM-
j proved; easy terms: also 4 to 12 acre pieces
on S and 1 ; years' credit. D. H. T WING. So-
noma City; every Morn'.r.v nt 632 Market st.. «. F.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— OOB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND KEAI. ESTATE.
BY ORDER OF THE BANK: MODERN" 2-
story 8-room house: .ot 44x100: good location:
2 blocks from local station: if laicen at once can
be had for *2 00: easy terms if desir d. WIL-
LIAM J. DINGEE, 4t>o EUhlh st-, Oakland.
TV r AN TED-LOT 3 xl2o. IN WESTERN AD-
»" dltlon, worth $5000, to exchange for a beauti-
ful home in AUmeda. T. K. ANDEIi&O^N, 1118
Broadway, Oakland. .
fljjl •■)P.(\ ABAHGAiN; ?250 CASH, Sl3 36
«IDJ-— «JV/. per month: new 5-room Uue-n Anne
house, 2 stories and basement; . lot 30x125: see
plans. WM. P. TODD, 10u2 Broadway. . Oakland.
HOU>E, 9 ROOMS AND BATH, JUST COM-
peted: modern style and li ish; s'-.nn.- side;
lot '40x100; f ur biocks from local station; five
b:o> ks from Broadway; bargain: easy install-
men HERoN & HoLCOMB, 1050 Broadway,
corner J-leventh at.. Oak. and.. - ■
WANTKD— PLACE IS ELMHURST IN EX-
• ' change for very larce lot and modern 6 room
cottaxe in Lorln: price $2260; no mortgage. Ap-
ply immediaieiy to A. J. bNYDER & CO., 467
Ninth St.. v akland. • ,
©7^TO fl6'J FOR CHOICE BUILDING
«jp I O lots In the towu of Fltchbnrg; a new sta-
tion established near Oakland, on the Hay ward «
and San Leandro local line, by the Southern Pacific
Company; only 45 minutes from san Francisco
•nd 6 minutes from Oakland: electric-cars every
ew minutes: ' terms to null buyers.. Apply to
C M. lu.MiU, owner, viay Wanalngiuu dl,
Onklnnd «'Bl. *-?:•- :"',
ALAMEDA ADVERT MAM
AT.AMT.TtX HEAL FHTATfC.
IpOUR NEAT 6-R<OM COTTAUKS: GOOD
location; always ren.ed; unlimited water sup-
ply on premises: 10 per cent returns guar. meed.
Fine new 7 -room cottage; excellent loca ion;
near station; also much other desirable property;
will sell a. a very low figure. Apply or write A.
R. DENKE, 1603 seventh St., Alameda, Cal.
© 1 r\f\(\ LOT 36x100: COTTAGE 4 ROOMS,
«J> I UUU. bath and stable.
$1750— cottage of 6 rooms and bath; any
terms; near statioi. , • .
$2800— Lot 40x150: beautiful new cottage of 6
rooms and ija.li; $200 cash. 925 per month.
83600— Handsome new co tage, 7 rooms and
bath: NE. corner: Installment plan.
■ $2650— house; 6 rooms and bath.
$3-00— tor /house, 9 rooms and bath; corner.
$4000— house, 7 rooms and bath; large
lot: near station: any terms.
¥6500 Elegant new 2-story house, 1 0 rooms and
bath; lo» b0xl50; fine neighborhood; near sta-
tion.
Building lots at a bargain: bouses to let.
H. P. MOREAL & CO., 1432 Park st-. Alameda.
<819/t A FRONT FOOT; 100x150; STREET
0— "i work ail done: on a main avenue: 2 blocks
from Willow-street station. W. B. FITCH, Bay
Station. Alameda. or GaMaN LYON, 215 Kearny
si , San Francisco. ,--V "\_>;
. AKGA IN P . R FOOT ;LO TS ON NORTH
i ' side San Antonio aye., near Grand at.
81 250—60x160; -an Jos') aye., nr. Willow st.
$1760—50x150, new modern house. 6 rooms
and bath; uortu side ot btreet; must be sold at
once.
Many other sacrifices.
AL«MEDA LAND CO..
. 1500 Park st.. Alameda.
ALAMEDA BOOMS AND HOUSES.
FOR SMALL COTTAGE ON PACK
si., Alameda, near narrow-gauge; 6 rooms and
ca.h; 25x10j; cheap for cash. A. 8.. box 64, Call.
flijO?: FIRST-CLASS MODERN HOUSK: IN
iD»JO. best repair; 8 rooms: bath: ' conserva-
tory: lawn: chicken yard; splendidly locate 1.
S:oti7 San Jose aye., : Alameda, or inquire H. A.
SMITH, 27 Market st.
BERKELEY. REAL. ESTATE.
SO YOU WANT TO RAISE : CHICKENS, DO
you? look at this: early an acre of ground;
level: only $760; just the thins. JOS. J. MASON,
Berkeley station. - ■
DENTISTS.
FULL SET OF TEETH, $7: WARRANTED 5
years; painless extraction: see our new combina-
tion plate; thinnest, lightest, coolest plate made;
warranted 10 tars: fillings. 50c; crowns, $3 .0.
CHICAGO DENTAL PARLORS, 24 Sixth slrees.
CROOME DENTAL ASSOCIATION, 759 MAR-
\J ket, bet. 8d and 4th; gas specialists; painless
extract ng, with gas, $1: plates, $5 up; fill, f 1 up.
$7 FULL SET TEETH: BEST MAKE;
«jp I . kept in repair; extracting free; fllltngs.soc;
crowns, $3 60. Pacific Dental Parlors, 18 Third.
DR. J. J. LEEK 1126 MARKET ST.; OPEN
evenings: Sundays till noon.
"POSITIVELY PAIN LESS EXTRACTION. DR.
X HARDING, 600Sutter cor. Powell: tel.maln637S
COLTON DENTAL ASSOCIATION, 806 iiAR-
\J ket st. DR. CHARLE-) W. DECKER.
dj»7 A SET FOR TEETH— WARRANTED A3
tip I good as can be made; tilling 91 DR M.ttM-4
dentist, 930 Market st., next Baldwin Theater.
PAINLESS EXTRACTION, 60c: CROWN
X bridge work a specialty: plates $5 up: lSyear*
experience. . R. L. WALSH, D.D.S.. 815% Geary.
T\R. LUDLUM HILU 1443 MARKET ST, NR.
XJ Eleventh; no charge lor extracting when
plates are made: old plates made over like new;
teeth from $8 per set; extracting 60c; gas given.
bKT Or 'IKKI'H WlTnuUl' a i-jlai* vti,
O 11. G. Young, 1841 Polk K.
R. GEORGE w! LEEK. THK GENUINiS
Leek dentist, discoverer ot painless extractloa
•nd patentee of Improved budge work or teem
without any plate, moved from 6 to 10 O" Farrell a. '
ALL WORK KEASONABLK AND WAit«
XL ranted. DR. J. W. KEY. 1320 Market w.
. LEGAL NOTICES.
TVTOTICE TO CREDITORS— y STATE OFSOLE-
1\ HAD USDv HKKRERA, alias deceased.
Notice is hereby given by the undersigned. A. C
FKEEsE, Hdmluistrator of tbe estateof SOLE-
DaD UNDA HERRERA, alias deceased, to the
creditors of, and all persons having claims against
the said deceased, to exhibit them, with tbe neces-
sary vouchers, within four months alter the first
publ cation of this notice, to the said administra-
tor, at room 85, Chro icle building, corner - of
Geary a. id Kea ny b reets, the same being his
place for the transaction of the business of the sad
estate in tiv City and County of San Francisco,
btate of California. .' . » . . ' >
A. C. FRKESE, Administrator of tbo Fstate of
SOLEDADUNDA HEKKERA, alias deceased.
Dated at San trauctsco, February 5 ] h97,
. J. D. aULLI VAN, Attorney for Administrator.
"VTOTICE TO CREDITORS— ESTATE OF F. W.
J.l ST IN, deceased. '•■ Notice is hereby given by
tne underslnne.l, A. C. FREEZE administrator ot
the re a.c of F. W. STii-IN, deceased, to the credi-
tors of. and all person* having claims -against tbe
said deceased, to exhibit them wit the 1 necessary
vouchers, wiihln lour months after the first publi-
cation uf this notice, In the said adminls rator, at
r> om 36, Chronicle building, corner of Geary and
Keai ny streets, the Mine being bis place for the
transaction of the business of said estate lathe
City and County of San Francisco, State Of Call-
to rnia. . ;"■:. ,-_.-.:.- ■ ■ ■ ■■ ■ ■ .-.
A. C. FRF.BSE, administrator of the estate of F.
W.STK IN, deceased.
' Da ed at San Fr..ncfsco. February 5, 1897.
J. D. tULLlVAN.Atiorne*' for Administrator.
ATTOBNEYS- AT-LAW. .
A DVICK FRKE; DIVORCE LAWS A BPEC-
■A laity; private; no fee without success: probate,'
Insolvency, wills, collections, bills of sale, deeds,
damages, etc; private detectives: estab. 10 years.
G. W. HOWE, 850 Ai arket st , corner Stockton st. j
A DVICE FREE; NO CHARGE UNLESS SUC-
; Jti. ctssful. : W. W. DaVlu-ON. 027 Market st.
R.W. KINO, ATTORNEY- A T-L AW, CHRON-
• icle building; advice free: lowfe s. all cases,
A DVICE FREE; NoCHAROK UNLESS SUC-
A cesafo.. ; J. U. JEFFR S3.' 632 Market, rm. 23.
• STORAGE.
REDUC D KATES, FURNITUKE, PIANOS,
XV household tools, p c J M i IERI'K, 735 Mtct.
.'.•■ MAKKIAG -: ' LICENSES.
Th« following : marriage licenses have been
issued by the County Clerk's office: <:
David J. Stott and Clara B. Sterling, 32—22.
Charles A. Broad bent and Caroline Norden-
swan, bO— i^WSii^&^i^mm^'^^sxsm'^m^i^
■: Albert E. Righ'.on and Kate a Durbln, 38- 20. -
■  .z - , . ....... - _ t .... ...... - - - • . ..- , ■ ; .--'-.
BIUTlth~--fllAi.i;iA«t:S— -i*fcATil&
BOKN.
AIKEN-February.27, 1897, to the wife of H. a
Aiken. a son.
MUELLER— in this city, I eDrnary 27, 1897, to
the wife of George L. Mueller, a son.
PRI.NTZ-March 3. 1837, to the wife of Frank
(-jprre PrintZ. ( SOT. . V " ' ■»
MAIIKIKO.
! MORRIS- BAKER-In this city. March 3,1897.
by the Rev. Dr. K. R. Due, James MorrU and
Lottie Morion Baker, both of Una Francisco.
BKTTBERO— SMART— In ihl« city, March . 2,
189.'. by the Rev. George D. B. Stewart, Harry'
Rettber^ and Robina smart, Doth oi San Fran-
cisco. \i ■ .' : . • .
RKID-GRAY-In this c:ty, February 24. 1897,
by the Rev. Father McDonald. Albert J. Reid
ana ' ay E Urn-, both o san Francisco.
lilz.1).
Autey, Henry A. McKenna, Sergt. T. D.
i Allen, Mary McKenna, Oliver W.
Bern is, Susan J. Marks, Claude . .
Broun, Mri. .Margaret - Martin, Maria C.
Brown, Frank A. Montague. Mary
Ba:r«bee. F ed ' Nava" Crispin
Cummius Charles S. Nolan, Sarah
■ ( aruell, r:ich<ird Oakley. Jonn M.
Connirl. Mrs. B. Porter, James W.
Donnelly, Ca:herine Stone, Silas A.
Fisk, .-.sa street, Frances E.
Gormley, James C. So.o, Katarlna
; Keeatan. Patrick Schoei f, John
Langiand. Ida M. . Snow. 1-ra icii H. .::
Lanigan, William G. ■- Waaland, Milton R. '
Leiand, Annie T. . Wilson. Frances M. '
Longuet, Th"Cla H. Wulbrrn. John
McKeivle, Chares Werner, Mathilda
AUTEY— In thW city. March 5.1857, Henry A.,
beloved son of William H. and Nellie A utey. a
native of San Francisco, aged 1 year 1 month
aud 23 days.
ALIEN'— In this city, March 5, 1897, Mary, be-
• loved wlteof William Allen, and- sister or Katie
Button, a native of County Longfurd, ireiand.
aged 29 years.
BKMIS— In bis March 5, 1897. s O s*n :3-
beloved wife of Charles V. Bemls, and motucr of
. Angle C, K.izaoeih A. .and Mary K. Bemii and
Mrs. Juliet F. Lang--, a native of New York,
aged 56 years 9 months and 19 days. ' "
Friendi aud acquaintances are re.3rx>ct-
fully invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock i\ m , from the chapel
of the Uoo I. Shmarl au, on .-econd sirees ut-ar
Foisom.. Interment Cypress Lawn Oenieter/ by
electric-car from Eighteenth and Guerrero
streets. , • :>">".-;■'.■
BROWN— In this city, March 4. 1897. Mrs. Mar-
garet Brown, wife of johu Brown, ana of
Maine, a^ed 70 years. tt&tfBfiKSBBI
friends and acou«intance« are ressec:-
-' fully. lnvited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
• (Saturday), at 1:30 o'clock p. ■ m.. from the
Central M. E. church. Mission street, between
Sixth and Seventh, lntermeus Masonic Ceme-
tery. ■ - . • -. •■ - r.i
BROWN— In this city. ; March 3. 1897, Frank A.
Brown, a native of San Francisco, aged 31 years
' 6 months and 7 days. ■ - ■ ; . ■ ■ ■ ■
BATR->BKE— Fred, dearly beiovei husband of
. Helen Ha.rsb-e, agea 62 years.
CUMMINS- In this .city, March 1. 1897, Char'.es
Cummins, a native of Maine, uged 36 years. :-
KNELL— In this ( ity, March 1, 1897, P.ichaxJ
Carn^ll, a native of Kngiau 1, aged (58 years.
CONN IFF— Entered into rest. March 6. 1497.
Mm. B, beloved wife of John ConnilT of Peta-
luma. a.id mother of Mrs. M. Miiii.iam and
' Sadie ConnlS of Stockton, rstocutou papers
i pleas? copy.] • . ■-■ •
*s"The tuheral will take place TO-MORROW
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock p. m . from St, Vincent's
I Catholic Church at Petaluma.
DONNELLY— In this city, March 4, 1897, Cath-
erine, re. let of the late James Donnelly, a native
Of St. Louis; Mo., a;ed 60 years '
IS" Friends and acquaintances art resp3ct-
ful y Invited to if.«nd -he funeral THIS DAY
(Saturday), nt 7:30 o'clock a. m., from her late
residence, 2151,2 Po.k street, thence to Bt. Boni-
face Church, iiolden Gate avenue, where a
requiem bi^h mass will be celebrated for the
repose of her soul, commencing at 8 o'clock
a. M. Interment Holy Croi* Cemetery. .
FISK— In this city. March 5. 1897, ash, beloved
husband Of l.ydia R. Fis<, a native of Massa-
chusetts, aged 78 years.
JB3J"lhe funeral service? will take place
TO-.iIORROW (Sunday), tit 1 :30 o'clock p. M.,
at his late residence, 700 Hayes street. Inter-
ment, private, Masonic Cemetery.
GORMLKY— In Seattle. February 26, 1337, James
C Gormley, a native of New York, aged 45
years.
KEEGAN-In this city, March 4, 1897. Patrick,
beloved husband of Rose Keegan. a native of
- Calcu.ta, aged 75 years. A member 0/ the G.
A. R.
LANCiLAND— In Alameda, March 4. 1997. at
> 1631 Everett street. Ida M.. beloved wife of
Robert N. Laotian I, daughter of Sin. M E.
McCauley. and sister of Mrs. B. Lee and Emma
J. and Edgar McCauley, a native ot Illinois,
aged 3 • rears.
A3" Friends are reoectfully Invite! to a tten 1
the funeral THIS DAY (Saturday), at 10
o'clock a. m.. from me parlors of Cr.il? A « och-
ran Comi au -. 2t> Mint avenue. Please omU
flowers, interment private.
LANIGAN— In Brooklyn. N. V.. February 24.
1897, William G., be.ove.l son of the late Wil-
liam and Mary Laiigan, and brother of K.lw.iri
Lanlgan. Mrs. t.ilen J. Cal .h an an I the late
- John F. and Jam»s H. La lican, a native of San
Franc! co, aged 35 year* 6 months aud 28 days.
■ Friends and acquaintances are respec:-
full.- Invited to attend the funeral THIS. DA
(Saturday), at 9:3 d o'clock a. m from the em-
balming parlors of Carew A English, 41 Van
Ness avenue, thence to t>t Mary's Cathedral,
northwest corner of O'Farrell street and Van.
Ness ' avenue, wber' a solemn requiem mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
mencing at 10 o'clock a. if. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery.
LELAND— In this city, March 3. 1597. Anne T.
Leland,' a native of Minnesota, aged 65 years.
LONGUET-tn this cltr. Marcn 3, 1837, Thecla
Emeiie Longnet, a native of France, aged 2 5
years.
WcKELVIE— In this city. March 2, 1897. Charles
McKel vie, a native ot Ireland, aged 38 years.
McKr.NN'A— ln this city. March 5. 1 ->97, Serjeant
Thomas Dillon, beloved hns band of Mrs. Frances
F., and father of Mrs. W. C. Moran and Mrs. J.
M. Lewis, a native of Illinois a<ed 60 years.
j|3~Noiice of funeral hereafter. ' -
McKENNA— In this city, March 4, 1897. Oliver
Wulte, beloved son of Perry and Allcs Mc-
Kenna, a native of Vis alia, Cal., aged 6 years 6
months and 4 days. ' .. ■»
MARKS— ln 'Lorln, Alameda County. March 4,
1897, ClauJe, beloved non of George and Jennie
Marks, a^ed 12 years 7 mo iths and 3,davs.
A3* interment Mountain View Cemetery.
MARTIN— In this city. March 4. 1897, Maria C.
' Oeloved wife of the late John Martin, and
mother of George Martin and M *. r<. H. Dor-
tier, nd grandmother of Neille, Ila, Florence
and Geitrude Do nVr and the late Mrs. T. Ped-
ler and George Keefe. a native of Holland, aged
75 veaM 10 montns and 14 days.
Friends : and acquaintances - are respect-
fully invited, to attend the- funeral THIS DAY
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock p. m.. from the residence
of her daughter, Mrs.' K. H. l>orfl-r, 909V S Har-
rison street, between Fifth aud Sixth, Inter-
ment 1. o. O. F. cemetery. :'."..
MONTAGUE— In Leven Grove, Sonoma County,
Cal., Feoruary 24, 1397. .'ur.- Montague, a na-
tive of Couo'y Fermanagh, lrelau.l. ,
NAVA— In this city, March 1. 1897, Crispin
>ava, a native ot New Alma Jen, Ca!., aged 6
years. • . •
NOLAN— In this city. Marsh a 1897. Sarah
Nolan, a native of County Gahvay, Ireland, aged
60 years, '
OAKLEY— In this city. March 2, 1897. John M.
Oakley.a native of Pennsylvania, aged &7 years.
PORTER— In this city. Mar h 3, 1897, James W.
Porter, a native of Caliiornla. a<ed 42 years.
STONE— In this city. March 6, 1897, Silas A., be-
loved husband of Mary <-". stone, and father of
Silas A., Edward. Harold and Helen Stone, a
native of New York, aged tSS years and 5
months. MBBRSBtii^g
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
invited 10 alien* the funeral TOMORROW
(Sunday), nt 2 o'clock p. m., from nls late
residence, 1016 sho: well street. Interment
" J. o. O. : «•'. Cemetery.
STREET— this city. March 4, 1*97. Frances
Emily, beloved daughter of John 11. and Ka.ie
■ C Street, a nanvu tan Francisco, aged 8
months an I --i days. ■ •• • ■ ■ ■ .■ ■ ■ • .
jtVThe funeral will take place THIS DAY
(Saturday), at 1 o'clock p. m., from tbe reslaeoce '
of the parents, 10.9 Fair Oa.c • street, inter-
meul private in Hoiy Cross Cemetery.
SOTO— In this city. Marc i 2, 1897, Katarina
a native 01 Mizatlan, Mexico, ai;ed '20 years. .
SHOEPF-ln this. city, March 5, 1H97, Johu
Schoepf, a native of Wurtemberg, Germany, .
aget 55 years. .
e3"Frirn,is and acquaintances are respse*.-
fnl y Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
- (Saturday), at 1 o'clock : p. jr., from the par-
lors of H. F. Suhr .ft Co.. 120J Missio i street ,
nt-ar Eighth. Interment lam el li ill Cemetery.
SNOW— In this cm-. Marcn ' 6, ; 1897 Frncls
1 Howard, beloved child at Day.d D. and Alice V.
Snow, a native of Sab. FraucLsoj, a jei 4 mouths
and 4 days
WAALAND-In this city, March 6, 1897. Milton
Roy, beloved sou of -on and Ola va Waul and.
and brother of Howard Chester, Duma M. and
George Larange Waaiani a nittlve of san Fran-
cisi- >, azed 6 ears and 16 days. , : ..'.'■■■
IS" Friends . and : acquaintances are resnaot- .
fully invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Sunday), at '2 - o'clock Sp. '- m.. from the resi-
dence of his parents. 1406 Mon goiuery street,
between Filbert acd Greenwich. Interment
I. O. O. F. CemetTy. •' 1- ' •
WILSON— In West Berke ey. March 6, 1897,
Frances Mabel, dearly toloved (laughter ot
Thomas and >arah A. vV'i son, a native of West
Berke cv, aged 4 years 7 mon.h* and 20 days.
» Friends and acaualm:inc"3 are respect-
fully Invited to attend :he fu ieraf THIS HAY
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock p. m., from ' the M. K.
Churcn, ou Seventh street, near University ave-
nue. West Ber k ley. :■
WULB..RN— in this cltr.-. March 5, 1897, John
Wulber i, a na ive of German/, aged 65 years 6
nion.bs and i 3 days. '" ■• '■
WER » KR -In this city, March 6, 1897, Mathilda,
beloved wife ■of : Ernst Werner, and : mother of '■
. Klwlne Werner, a native 0( Ber. ln, oeruiany,
aged 36 yenra ' firrniTTliiff 'llililtjXljßMiriiifc
, jtjr .Notice it funeral ner?a's<»r.
1 tVIcAVOY * CALLACHER, T
FCNKRAL DIRECTORS A EMBALM KRS,
SO FMlfc St.. Opp. Lincoln School. '
■'' Telephone 3080. f
MOUNT OLIVET CEMETERY,
SAN S MATEO ■ COUNTY: ; NEAREST CE it »
tery to the city; non-sectarian ; in no sense ex-
clusive; location unexcelled. Office UUJ Mmn*
•md »uuiuetai coraw v ttixUh - . ,
1314
BEAT AN AGED
MAN TO DEATH
Bruggy Defended His Char
acter in a Horrible
Manner.
His Friend Stcod By and
Watched the Brutal
Crime.
Because the Old Man Called Him a
Loafer He Killed Him in
Cold Blood.
William Brugge because he took excep
tion 10 remarks which he considered de
rogatory to his character beat a man 60
years of age to ttie ground and then with
the fury of a wild beast stamped find
kicked his prostrate victim until life was
extinct
The disgusting tragedy occurred in the
Enterprise saloon, a little grocery at the
corner of Fremont and Brannan streets.
It is right next to the water and is one of
the worst of the water-front resorts. The
victim of the outrage is a German cook,
who is Known only as Louis.
Brugga and a man named Hans Al-
Oertson entered the saloon yesterday
ftltemoon about 4 o'clock, and the former
immediately began to make troubie. He
accused Louis, who is employed at the
saloon, of having accused him of being a
iree-lunch loafer and a hard game gener
ally. He was also accused of having been
the cause of Adolf Aurich, a former bar
keeper and a friend of Brugge, having
Jost his job.
According to the story of John Hoepi
ner, who whs in charge of the saloon,
Louis denied the charges, whereupon j
Brugge gave him the lie and commenced
striking him in the face. Hoepfner, who
is an old man, ran to the assailant and
started to catch his arm.
"Let them fight," cried Albertson, pull-
Ing the would-be peacemaker aside. Then
Louis fell to the ground, and Brugge, his
■wrath still unsatisfied, grasped the man
by the back and jammed him forcibly to
the floor several times.
Then he kicked him viciously in the
side. The old man did not stir and the
two men, Bruege and Albertson, walked
out, leaving Louis lying quiet on the
floor.
Hoepfner immediately summoned Offi
cer Gus Videau, but by the time the po
liceman arrived Louis was dead and
Brugge and Albertson had disappeared.
The body of Louis was taken to the
Morgue. A partial examination showed
that his skull was fractured and the left
leg and collarbone were broken.
Brugge, Albertson and Aurich. the man
whom Brugge said Louis deprived of a
jod, were all arrested last night.
Aurieh is held merely as a witness, as
he is thought to know "something of the
nature of the crime. Brugge is charged
with murder. Albertson has not "yet
been charged, but a complaint (or mur
der as accessory may be made against
him. Brugne, who is about 40 years of
age, says he is a mining man. and has
been here only about a year. He says he
lived in Australia for fourteen years. To
Detective Reynolds he admitted he struck
Louis, giving as an excuse that Louis
called him a vile name.
FRAWLEY COMPANY.
Many of the Old Members to Be Ile
tained in the Ntw
Company.
In spite of ali the rumors to the con- i
trary, Phosa McAllister and Harry Car- !
son Clark will remain with Frawley for j
the coming season. Miss McAllister was
the first one to be re-engaeed. Blanche
Bates will be the leading lady and among !
the others will be Madge Carr Cook, Wi!- |
Bon Enos and Georee Bosworth. Mr. j
Dufiield will resume his old position with j
the company. If Frank Worthing returns !
to America he will piay with the company.
There is, However, some doubt on that
question as Mr. Worthing has been cor
responding with the manager of a promi
nent London theater, whom he left to
join the Daly forces.
This season the tour will be extended as
far_as Chicago and if the Chicagoans take j
T. Daniel to their hearts as tbe San Fran
cisco people have done, it will not be long
before Frawley will realize his ambition
and take a San Francisco company to New
York. They open here on May 31 and
play into September.
• — « — .
EIGHTS OF SAILORS.
Judge Bahrs Decides That Si) vicra Is i
Kntitled to Damages.
Judge Bahrs has given judgment in ,
favor of Sailor Silviera and against Iver- j
son and other.-', owners of tne vessel known
as the Ocean Spray, for $2000 damages.
Silviera was an able seaman aboard tbe
Ocean Spray, and while at work reefing
the mainsail the reef pennant broke, caus
ing him to be thrown to the deck. His
shoulder was broken, and he was incapaci- {
tated for work.
When he sued foi damages the owners
of the vessel replied that no sailor had:
ever before brought such an action, and i
they moved for a dismissal on the ground !
that it was contrary to the usages of the
business to consider such a claim as that.
Attorney P. J. Castlehun replied that
the fact that no sailor hitherto had suffi
cient temerity to institute a proceeding
for the enforcement of his rights ought to
preclude the plaintiff in this case Irom the
law's protection.
Judge Bahrs refused to entertain the
motion for a non-suit, and after hearing
the testimony reached tlie conclusion that
the outfitting of the ship waa defective,
that the owners were liable and that the
plaintiff was entitled to $2000 damages on
accoantof the injuries received.
KEW TO-DAY.
SKINS
Skins on fire with torturing, disfiguring,
itching, burning, bleeding, scaly, and pimply
humors, instantly relieved by a warm bath
with Ccticcba Soap, a single application of
Ccticura (ointment), the great skin cure,
and a full dose of Ccticuba Resolvent.
(uticura
u eoldthronjrhout the world. Pottbr l».*w.COßP..ftol«
Preps., Bo«ton. M How to Cure Torturing Humor*. " free.
D4OVIC Clflll Scalp and Hair poriflea tnd ne*«-
- DnDI © UiVlii tiled t>j Cuiitum So*r.
MURDERER JOHN MILLER, Who Was Convicted Yesterday
and Will Ec Sentenced to Death.
A BABY GIRL IN
THE CITY PRISON
Effie Holstrom Suffers Be
cause She Has Two
Mothers.
Unable to Agree Upon a Cus
todian for the Unfortunate
Little One.
Judge Coffey Admonishes the Contest
ants That the Child's Interests
Are Suffering.
Little Effie V. R. Holstrom was in Judge
Coffey's court a<;ain yesterday. She ap
peared in her «ailor boy's suit, the same
as on Wednesday, and when asked her
name replied that it was Tommy, just as
she did when first presented at court. She
appeared to be suffering from nervous
ness, and was not as bright looking as be
fore. Attorney Eugene Deuprey asked
that the child be given into the custody
of Mrs. I. C. Leonora Barron of 1334 Va
lencia street.
To this suggestion Attorney Matt I. Sul
livan, representing the mother, offered
opposition, saying that Mrs. Barron is a
partisan and friend of Mrs. Holstrom, the
foster-mother of the child.
Mr. Deuprey objected to Mrs. Dr.
Thrasher advising the attorney for the
mother of the child, Mrs. d'Artnay. He
thought only those in interest ought to be
allowed to control or parlicipate in the
i proceedings.
Judge Coffey said it was apparent to him
that Mrs. Barron is a good woman and a
proper person to act as mother pro tern.
or the third mother for this little bit of
humanity. He was not disposed to hasti
ly decide a matter that might be of ini
portance to both sides of the controversy,
■ and would remand the child to the cus
i tody of th« matron of the City Prison un
j til 2 o'clocK to-day. If at that time no
other person is agreed on as custodian of
! the child, he will put her in the keeping rf
I Mrs. Barron.
Both mothers were present in court,
and both followed Bailiff Finn to the
City Prison, where the pretty little waif
was given ovjr to the matron, who is a
gen He but very busy woman.
Mrs. Holstrom, the foster-mother, wept
over the child and tbe baby clung to her
affectionately, begging 10 be taken home.
Mrs. d'Armay, the mother of the child,
stood aloof, but wore a determinea look
that showed that she was not disposed to
yield the point in controversy. She was
accompanied by her husband, a eentleman
of respectable appearance, wl>o manifested
much interest in f c case. Mr. d'Artnay
says he will stand by his wile in her claim
for her offspring, even though it was born
out of wedlock.
When tie City Prison's matron took
hold of Effie the little thing drew back
impulsively and cried : "Don't put me in
that room again. Somebody come with
me. Don't put me in alone again."
The door was opened disclosing two
dark-looking candidates for the Magdalen
Asylum, with the mark of sorrow and dis
grace on their low brows.
"Go in and see yourgirls,*' said tae busy
matron, kindly but firmly.
"No, no; let me go home with mamma,"
walled the infant, but a baby's cries avail
not in a prison, *o the door was pushed
shut and another child of misfortune was
left alone with her roitows. Those who
stood outside could hear the little one's
heartbroken sobbings, until a party of
tourists were escorted into the jail to see
iJutler, nlias Wellcr, the Australian mur
derer, who has quarters just across the
corridor. The shuffling feet of the new
comers, the cheery prattle of the double
murderer and the dreadful rattling of the
keys drowned tne sounds of sorrow in the
matron's room, both mothers had been
escorted out, and the incident was forgot
ten by the habitues of the jail.
Judge (Joffey took occasion to admonish
both sides of the controversy. He said
that in their partisanship and in their
selfish desire and strenuous efforts to get
possession of the child they had forgotten
its real interests. He thought they ought
to be morr. tender of its feeiings and its
welfare. Finally he said that his depart
ment was overcrowded with important
matters and said he hoped they would find
some other Judge to hear and decide the
question between tne two mothers as to
which should have the custody of the
ciiild. The matter will come up again
beiore Judge Coffey at 2 o'clock this after
noon. .
Jkwklby store, 6-7 Third, removed to 303
Kearuy. lArge stock of diamonds, watches, etc.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MARCH 6, 1897.
OAKLEY'S BAGGAGE
WAS IN COURT
It Came There in Response
to a Search War
rant.
Manager Kirkpatrick and Cor
oner Hawkins Battled for
Custody.
Attorneys Grew Heated mJ Indulged
in Personalities — D cision
Expected To- Day.
A legal battle royal took place in Jus
tice of the Peace Barry's court yesterday
between the Coroner and the manager of
the Palace Hotel, Mr. Kirkpatrick, over
the search warrant upon which the effects
of John M. Oakley were seized. The most
of the facts in the case were not disputed.
The Coroner alleged that the Palace Ho
tel people had refused to permit him, by
deputy, to see or have access to Oakley's
effects, and that Oakley's trunk and valise
would have been shipped out of town, at
the direciion of the -'Countess Espanola,"
had not the search warrant prevented.
The Coroner also set up by witnesses
that the body of Oakley was removed
from the Palace Hotel to an undertaker's
before a death certificate had be n issued.
Manager Kirkpatrirk and Assistant Mana
ger Warren of the Palace Hotel explained
some leatures of the case at the sugges
tion of their attorneys. They claimed to
have peen always willing to produce the
property upon tbe service of subpenas.
Tne greatest difference of testimony oc
curred over tbe dispatch sent by "Coun
tess Espanola" after she left the City.
Mr. Kirkpatrick testified that he had not
told the Coroner that the "Countess" had
telegraphed to him to eend on the bag
gage, and that he would have sent it had
it not been for the search warrant. Joseph
K. Hawkins testified directly in opposi
tion to th:s. Attorney Lennon, who ap
peared for Coroner Hawkins, wished to be
sworn a« a witness to testify that he nad
heard Mr. Kirkpatrick make this state
ment and so did Coroner Hawkins, but
Attorney Dunne said that he was willing
to admit that they would so testify.
During the hearing Oakley's trunk and
vanse were brought into the courtroom,
and it was proposed to open them that an
inventory might be made of their con
tent?. Coroner Hawkins testified that he
believed tnat an inspection of the con
tents might assist (n determining the
cause of Oakley's dea\h. They were not
opened up. Deputy Coroner McCormicfc,
Dr. George 11. Martin and the others
named testified.
During the arguments Justice Barry in
terposed to suggest that if the Palace
Hotel manager would give up the prop
erty upon subpena that might be satis
factory.
Attorney Lennon stood up for the pre
rogatives of the Coroner and incidentally
remarked: "If a murderer should say that
he would not do ao aeain."
Attorney Allen's ire kindled. He ap
peared for the Sharon estate. "There are
some gentlemen in the world," he said,
glancing angrily at Lennon.
"What do you mean by that?" de
manded Lennon.
Justice JJarry quieted the enraged attor
neys, but after the luaring was over At
torney Lennon leaned angrily over toward
Attorney Alien nnd demanded, "What
d'd you mean by your remark about
gentlemen?"
Attorney Dunne interposed and there
were no more anury words.
Justice Barry tops the case under ad
visement and will give his decision to-day.
OVERCOME BY GAS.
How John Wulbern Died at HU Home
on Filbert Street.
John Wnlbarn, aged 55 years, died at his
home, 1900 Filbert street, on Thursday
evening from asphyxiation. Wulbern
kept a cigar-store on Washington and
Davis streets for several years, but was
compelled some time a^o to sell it on ac
count of ill health. He was given a posi
tion by Assessor Siebe as a special deputy,
but the work was evidently too niucn for
him.
It is supposed that feeling ill during the
night he got up and lit the gas and was
overtaken by a fainting spell before he
could apply the match, and was overcome
by the gas before he recovered conscious
ness. The deceased leaves a family of
grown-up children. The Coroner has
taken charge of the reruaina.
MURDERER MILLER
MUST SURELY HANG
Declared Guilty of Murder
in the First
Degree.
Judge Carroll Cook Will Pro
nounc3 the Death
Penalty.
Dastardly Crime of a Jealous Man.
Shot Down a Stranger on
ihe Street.
John Miller, who killed James Childa in
this City on the 18th of last November,
was yesterday declared guilty of muruer
in the first degree, and as the jur3 r failed
to recommend life imprisonment the
death penalty will be imposed.
The trial occupied the entire week in
Judge Carroll Cook's department of the
Superior Court, a determined battle being
made by Attorney J. N. E. Wilson to save
his client's neck on the ground of insanity.
Deputy District Attorney Hosmer con
ducted the case for the Slate, and suc
ceeded in convincing the jury that even
though Miller might be lacking in some of
the attributes of an altogether intelligent
man, yet he was capable of judging be
tween right and wrong and ought to be
held responsible lor his murderous act.
Tee story of the killing is brief and
squalid.
Miller, who is a hunchback, had been
intimate with a woman named Nellie
Ryan, and becoming jealous of her he
sought to murder her. Meeting her on
Clementina street, near Fifth, he drew a
revolver and attempted to kill her. One
bullet passed through her hat and came
within an eighth of an inch of her m-.ul p.
She shrieked for help, and Mr. Childa,
who happened 10 be passing, stepped be
tween them. He was a stranger to both,
and only acted on the impulse of Human
ity in seeking to protect a helpless woman
from the attacks of an enraged brute, wlio,
though deformed in body, is possessed of
great phy>ical strength.
When Miller saw that his murderous in
tent was balked, he turned like a savage
beast on the generous intruder and de
liberately shot him to death in front of
400 Clementina street. Not satisfied with
inflicting what was evidently a faial
wound, Miller stood over his victim and
emptied into his body the contents of his
pisiol.
When he knew that the cartridges in
the pistol were entirely exhausted Stiller
turned the muzzle against his own throat
and snapped the hammer, but tie was safe
in doing so, for the weapon was harmless.
\N hen arrested Miller denied having
shot the man, saying he did not know
him, but remarked that he pursued the
woman because she had failed" to keep her
promise to him and had bestowed her
smiles on others.
The following- named citizens were im
paneled as jurors: Theodore L. Hall. J.
Bremen P. H. Englebert, A. Armstrong,
F. W. Kattleman, George Lake, G. Sohind
ler, James Phillips, Henry Larsen, John
.Noonan, J. W. McCormick, Jacob Loh
man.
After Miller's arrest the wife whom he
had deserted for two yssrs returned to his
side and did everything in her power to
save him from the teirible obloquy and
penalty o: tbe scaffold. Sne sat by his
side through the long, tedious trial and
by words and smiles endeavored to De
guile the prisoner irom a contemplation
of the droadiul consequences of his awful
deed. He accepted her sacrifices and lov
ing ministrations much as a wooden Chi
nese joss might accept the adoration of
fered by a tong of highbinders.
The jurors were out five hours and when
they came in it was scarcely expected that
they had agreed. Yet when ihe verdict
was read by Clerk Tolle the least inter
ested person in the couitroorn, so far as
could be judged by appearances, was the
condemned felon at the bar. His faithful
wife, however, manifested her emotions,
for despite ail that she has suffered she
still Keeps sacred the love and affection
consecrated by her to this man at the
bridal altar.
Judge Cook will pass sentence of death
on the prisoner on the 13th inst.
BUILDING OP SOCIETY-
A General Weeding Out of Poor Social
; . . -.-.V.'. Material Suggested.
The large auditorium of the Turk-street
Temple was tilled last Wednesday night at
the mass-meeting held by the ; Liberty
Branch of the Socialist Labor party to
hear the views of H. H. Powers, a profes
sor of economics in Stanford University,
on "The Building of Society." The lect
ure of the evening was preceded by a
select reading by Secretary ; Theodore
Lynch ana a violin and piano solo by Pro
fessor Ohiappey and Mr. Fitzgerald, which
were well received."* The professor claimed
that it was utterly impossible to assimi
late in any harmonious combination the
idle,* vicious and depraved members of so
ciety, and while admitting that a social
istic state was inevitable in the near fu
ture claimed that the requisite auxiliaries
to a permanent solution of vexed social
questions would be hampered by ■ the
amount of insufficient good material
available for the setting up of a social
order that would be durable without a
weeding out or destruction •of the perni
cious elements in the social organisms.
The speaker, after a brilliant discourse,
which lasted one hour and thirty minutes,
was taken to task vigorously by several of
the speakers who followed in the discus
sion of : the evening, including Leo Gasser,
George Aspden, Dr. J. D. Brock and M.
W. Wilkins, the litter, as well as Rev. J.
E. Scott and Theodore Lynch, claiming
that the speaker's views were entirely at
variance with the humanitarian and ethi
cal features of socialism.
Professor Powers closed in a lengthy .
and clever defence of his position, during
which he avowed his willingness to be
come a member at once of a colony based
on the fundamentals of co-operation and
challenged the socialists ; presont to mani
fest as liberal a spirit of tolerance to pro
fessionals as himself and his colleagues
ol Stanford, who had already invited lead
ing socialist speaker* to address the stu
dents, piomising no interruption or dis
play of feeling on the part of their
audiences. He closed by paying a tribute
to the learning and integrity of the expo
nents of socialism, Karl Marx, Engels and
William Morris.
The meeting closed after the announce
ment by the chair- of an address by Rev.
William Hall Moreland in the same hall
on Wednesday/ 1 March 10, at ,8 F. M., on
"The Socialism of Christ.''
Says She Bobbed Him.
Maggie Watson was arrested on Grant
avenue yesterday on a charge of grand lar
cen*, sworn to by VV. M. Look, a stranger from
the country. Cook claims that while in the
company of the woman he was relieved of a
large sum ot money. The woman was also
charged with vagrancy.
Musicians' Union Sued.
W. J. Henderson has sued the Musicians'
Mutual Protection Union of San Francisco for
damages, because lie avers that he was ille
gally expelled from the society. He also asks
to be restored to membership.
Briefs and transcripts printed reasonably;
rapid and reliable. Mysell- Rollins, 22 Clay. *
NEW TO-DAT-DRT GOODS.
SATDRDAf BARGAINS]-
As samples of the values that are attracting so
much attention to our PEERLESS NEW SPRING
STOCK we direct attention to a few of the
Great Specials Offered To-day and This Evening!
COLORED DRESS GOODS.
1 r 72 pieces 38-INCH DRESS GOODS,
iv\j in stripes, mixed and plain, repu-
lar price 35c, on Special Sale at 15c
a yard.
9K/»— 43 pieces 38-INCH FANCY FIG-
£-OKj URED DRESS GOODS, new color-
ings, regular price 50c, on Special
Sale at 25c a yard.
SILK DEPARTMENT.
OXp— 30 pieces BLACK BROCADED
oO\j SATIN, French manufacture, me-
dium and large designs, regular
value $1 50. will be placed on sale
at 93c a yard.
(\\o~ 2° P iecos BLACK DUCHESSE
OOKj 6ATIN, 24 inches wide, soft, heavy
quality, regular value $1 50, will be
placed on sale at 95c a yard.
LADIES' KID GLOVES.
~~ 0—125o — 125 dozen s and 7 HOOK GENUINE
001/ FRENCH KID GLOVES, black
only, all sizes, former prices $1 25
and $1 50. On special sale at 55c a
pair.
$1 AA-87dozen4-BUTTON GENUINE
tpl.l'V/ FRENCH KID GLOVES, em-
broidered backs and large but-
tons, in brown, tan and mode
shades, also black, worth regu-
lar $1 50, will be offered at $1 a
pair.
HTSTORE OPEN THIS EVENING- UNTILi 1O O'OLOOK.tI
ItlX Murphy Building, ,/
Maria: and Jones Street!
THE FUND IS
GROWING SLOWLY
Boulevard Committees Re
quired to Work a Little
Harder.
The Cash Now in Hand Is In
sufficient for a Single
Day's Wages.
Active Preparations by the Organi
zition for Tuesday's Banefit
Entertainment.
If nothing untoward occurs in the
meantime, there should be no difficulty
experienced by the special and district re
lief committees in collecting the $5000
deemed necessary in order to justify the
commencement of work upon the boule-
yard on Monday. Ex-Mayor Ellert, who
is one of the most indefatigable members
of his particular committee, stated yes
terday that he had $400 or $500 on his
books, which should be paid in by to-day,
and expected to add $300 thereto before
Monday. It is none the less evident, how
ever, that the bulk of the work of obtain
ing subscriptions is falling upon two or
three of the many district and special
committees recently appointed. This is
the more to be regretted inasmuch as the
large commercial concerns of the City,
with few exceptions, have expressed their
willingness to help if approached indi
vidually.
The most prolific sources of supply have
scarcely been tapped as yet, and the funds
already in the hands of Daniel Meyer,
though better than nothing, are not suffi
cient to provide more than a single day's
work for the unemployed.
A united effort on tne part of all the
committees would simplify matters won
derfully, but without it nothing of a per
manently ameliorating character can be
accomplished.
Mr. Sbarboro reports considerable suc
cess among the wine and liquor dealers,
but very little has been heard as yet from
tne larger portion of the special commit
tees. A. Gerberding, C. S. Laumeister
and F. G. Waikington of the Produce Ex
change will bold a meeting on Monday.
They have assured the general relief com
mittee that there will be no difficulty in
raising a handsome appropriation.
Another suggestion has been made; it is
to make a special appeal to the school
teachers of tne City and to the Fire and
Police departments. Toere are 930 teach
ers in all, and so small a sum as $1 from
each would net a comfortable little sum
to add to the boulevard fund. If the
Board of Education offers no objection
letters will be addressed to the principals
of the different schools appointing each a
committee of one to solicit subscriptions
from the rest of the sttff. The teachers,
the Fire and Police departments, between
tneni, should easily raise $2000.
Tiie general committee also proposes to
vigorously revive Mr. Ellen's suggestion
that the wheelmen of the City should be
earnestly appealed to in the present emer
gency, and with that end in view, Henry
The fac-simile '/^:-->/f>y, ■^*"* is on every wrapper
-• signature of — Wut//fflcUc6(Ai of CASTORIA. -
MEN'S FURNISHINGS.
1 \ n — 95 dozen MEN'S VICUNA CASJti-
J-'JCi MERE WOOL SOCKS, made full
finish, with double spliced heels
and toes, extra value for $3 per
dozen, will be placed on sale at 15c
a pair.
p — 42 dozen MEN'S GOLF SHIRTS,
O\J{j i n a variety of neat lancy patterns,
all sizes, regular price $1, will be
placed on sale at 50c each.
LADIES' KNIT UNDERWEAR.
1 Xrt— 7s dozen LADIES' JERSEY RIB-
J-'-»t< BED EGYPTIAN COTTON
VESTS, low neck and sleeveless,
handsomely trimmed necfc and
armlets, ecru and white, regular
price $3 per dozen, on special sale
at 15c each.
BLACK DRESS GOODS.
•rr_— One case EXTRA FINE ALL-
OOC WOOL ENGLISH STORM
SERGE, ryj. inches wide, worth *1,
will be placed on sale at 55c a yard.
HOUSEFURNISHINGS.
FULL - SIZE FINE WOOL
WHITE BLANKETS. 66
inches wide, mill cost $5 10, C»Q QX
on sale at «jpO.O D
GOOD BLKACHED OR UN-
BLEACHED DOUBLE-BED
SHEETING. 81 inches wide. -J ~ p
on special sale at per yard lOkj
Ifi/ Murphy Building, f
llldUui dim Jullbd olliiijii
F. Wynne, the chairman of the wheel
men's good roads committee, will be in
vited to act as chairman of a special bi
cycle committee and see what can be done
among his colleagues. It is understood
that Mr. Wynne has already offered to
co-operate with the general committee as
lar as possible.
The following subscriptions were re
ceived by Daniel Meyer during the aftnr
noon of Thursday and up to 3 o'clock
yesterday :
M. S. Grinbaum dfc Co., $10; Cahn, Nickels
burg & Co.. $20; Mnndei, Pursch & Wiener,
$20; Triest & Co., $20; Heller- Bachnian Com
j.hdv, $25; Stumer, Strauss A Hymen, $20;
(ireenbaurn. Wiel <fc Mici'els, $25; Buckingham
<fc Hectit. $fi<>; Sheyer Bros., $10; cash, $10;
cash, $10; E. \V. "Hopkins. $100; Emilia B.
Ho-,. kin.-, $50; Hibernia Saviugs and Loan
Society, $1O<>; Mutual Savings Bank, $50;
Wheeland & Collins, $5.
The total now in Mr. Meyer's hands is
$3692.
The unemployed at the armory are
taking an active interest in Tuesday even
ing's benefit concert at the Auditorium.
A t^ang of men was engaged yesterday in
thoroughly cleaning the interior of the
theater, and arrangements are well ad
vanced for a grand parade on Tuesday
afternoon, designed to advertise the en
tertainment in every popular quarter of
the City. Something like 3000 tickets are
in the hands of energetic agents and it is
expected that a goodly proportion of this
number will be disposed of. '
The members of the family relief com
mittee expressed the hope yesterday that
as many women as possible will tina it
convenient to take part in the parade, so
that the well-to-do public may realize the
extent of tue present distress.
The Gas and Electric Light Company
have kindly undertaken to illuminate the
Auditorium on Tuesday evening free of
charge. -
The family relief committee is so over
burdened with applications for assistance
that it has been compelled to stop issuing
fresh cards until the cases now on hand,
amounting to 52 in all, are disposed of.
No less than 37 individual cases and seven
families were - relieved up to 4 o'clocc
yesterday.
Some misapprehension seems to exist as
to the manner in which application cards
should be filled out. It is not sufficient
for the applicant to suppy his own name
and residence; he or she must also obtain
the indorsement of at least one reference
before the committee will consider the
application.
The commissariat and clothing depart
ment is greatly in need of meat, bread,
sugar, shoes and underclothing. Arch
bi^nop Riordan's generous donation ar
rived Thursday evening just iv time to
relieve the scarcity of provisions. It com
prised eight sacks of flour, two sacks of
potatoes, eight Bucks of beans, a sack of
sugar, sack of coffee and twenty-five
pounds oi tea. G. Lemaruty of 418 Turk
street contributed six new suits of clothes
yesterday and S. A. Leffingwell, the chair
man of the organization, supplied two
blankets, a quilt, some cooking utensils
and a sack ot beans.
The cash receipts yesterday were $25 55.
fOE THE UNEMPLOYED.
The Labor Council Will Confer With
the Mayor.
At a meeting of the San Francisco Labor
Council last nigbt Delegate McArthur
made a motion ihat the executive com
mittee be appointed as a committee to wait
upon Mayor Phelan on the subject of
doing something to aid the unemployed.
The question was discussed at some
length and tinaliy passed with an amend
ment that the sum oi $10 be appropriated
for the relief of those now idle in San
Francisco.
"It is not charity that we want," said
Dsiegate McArtnnr, "out some system by
which the unemployed may receive reg
ular employment from the municipality.
It seems to me that the park is only
about two-thirds cultivated, and there
LADIES' DRESS SKIRTS.
Ok-t -AX— LADIES' BLACK DRESS
«jj}±.'±eJ SKIRTS, percaline iinpd and
velvet binding, worth $2; Spe-
cial for this day at $1 45.
O1 7~— LADIES' FIGURED MOHAIR
«jp±. i•> DRESS SKIRTS, assorted oat-
terns, percaline lined and velvet
bound, worth $2 50; Special for
this day at $1 75.
©1 LADIES' EXTRA WIDE
«3>I.JU FIGURED MOHAIR DRES3
SKIRTS, percaline lining and
velvet binding, worth $3; Spe-
cial for this Hay at $1 90. -
ffi»9 AX— LADIES' FIGURED BRIL- 1
«P^.^tD LIANTINE DRESS SKIRTS, ,A*
very wide, large patterns, per-
caline lined and velvet bound,
worth $3 50; Special for this
day at $2 45.
TRIMMING DEPARTMENT.
BLACK SILK MARABOUT TRIM-
MINGS, made from tine silk braids, in
different widths, prices 25c, 35c, 50c
and 75c a yard. (This line is less than
half price.)
LADIES' BRAID SETS in Silk and Mo-
hair Tabular Braids, in the very new-'
est style of designs and at the lowest
prices.
HANDKERCHIEFS.
-| A/»— 500 dozen LADIES' SHEER
IUC WHITE LAWN SCALLOPED
EMBROIDERED HAND KER-
CHIEFS (slightly imperfect), reg-
ular value $2 40 and $3 per dozen,
will be offered at 10c each. ■ [•">?.-.■
ifU Murphy Building, /
Market aid Jones Streets.
might be some such thing as systematic
work to improve it further."
The motion was passed, and the general
sentiment was that a systematic demand
for employment be made, so as to meet in
a permanent way the problem ot the un
employed.
RELIEF FOR INDIA.
A Generous Offer of a Cargo
of Grain From Nebraska
Received.
Rev. R G. Hobbs, an Illinois Minis*
ter, Says He Can Fill a Ship
With Breadstuff;.
The prospects of a shipload of bread
stuffs being shipped from this City to the
India sufferers were never brighter than
they are at present, if the promise im
plied in a telegram received yesterday by
Dr. W. 8. Matthews, editor ot the Cali
fornia Christian Advocate, can be relied
upon.
The author of the telegram is Rev. R. G.
Hobba, pastor ot the Centenary Methodist
Episcopal Church of Jacksonville.
Dr. Hobbs stated that he had, in con
nection with others, been agitating relief
measures for the India sufferers, and had
succeeded in getting quite large subscrip
tions of cereals. He stated he had reacheti
the conclusion that it was much more
practical to shin by way of San Francisco
than via New York, and he requested in
formation an to the facilities for fre«
transportation from the Middle States
here.
Mayor Phnlan last night expressed the
opinion that the local relief committee
would handle the grain if the offer proved
genuine, and that there would r>e no
difficulty experienced in getting the
transportation.
NEW TODAT.
850 Per Cent
mik Saved
\^"-™""W On the price of
jWfa~*^fc_ your prescriptions
0I&** as we pay no per-
On eof centages to physi-
I Our Customers. c j ans .
ALL GOODS AT CUT RATES.
Swift's Specific,' $1 size. 65c
Plnkham's Compound, $1 size 66c
Mine. Pray's Prescription, $ 1 size .....76c
Cuticura Resolvent, *1 5ize...... : 70c
Williams' Pink Pills, 50c 5ize....... ...35c
Todd's Emulsion C. L. Oil, «1 5ize.......
Scott's Emulsion C. L. Oil. $ 1 size. ..."..'...■.■..■. .6f c
Hood's or .Joy's Sarsaparilla. $1 size.:...'. .....'•.'353
Dr.' Scott's Catarrh Cure, 6 months' treat-
ment...... ...:./ $3.50
Cup. tie fl size..... ■...V..;V..75c
Todd's Health Tablet* better than all the
- pills on earth 2 5c
NO-PERCENTAGE PHARMACY
953 Marliot Street,
South !-lde, bet. Fifth and sixth.
NOTARY PUBLIC.
C H L^d S