VOLUME LXXXI.-NO. 61.
FLAMES CHECK A BANDIT RAID
Oregon Outlaws Board the
Shasta Express Near
Roseburg.
BAGGAGE-CAR WRECKED
WITH DYNAMITE.
Fire Started by the Exp'osion
Protects the Wells-Fargo
Company's Safe.
BULLETS SPED TOWARD CREW
AND PASSENGERS.
Engineer Morris Slightly Wounded by
Flying Lead— But Little Loot
Secured.
ROSEBURG, Ob.. Jan.,29.— The South
ern Pacific northbound Shasta express, of
which trusty Sam Veatch was conductor
and Richard Morris engineer, was flagged
two miles north of this city last night by
three masked highwaymen, who boarded
the engine, covered Engineer Morris and
Fireman Hendricks with revolvers and
assumed possession of the train.
As Morris shoved a trace of hesitation
' in complying with the orders given him
by the highwaymen he was induced to
change his mind by a bullet, which burned
the side of his cheek and caused him to
reverse the lever without further formal
ity. Firemen Hendricks took in tne sit
uation and jumped as the train was slow
' - ing down. ' A bullet whizzed by his ear as
he stumbled down the dump, but he rolled
to the bottom in safety and hastened to
Roseburg with the news ol the hold-up.
After Engineer Morris had been fright
ened into submission he was relieved by
one of the robbers, who displayed consid
erable skill in manipulating the locomo
tive. The baegage and express cars were
uncoupled from the coaches and the latter
, shunted • backward with considerable
energy. Running the baggage and ex
press forward some distance the robbers
stopped, uncoupled the engine and in
- vited the express messenger to open his
doors. This he refused to do and dyna
mite was quickly applied
'Suspecting what was being done Mes
senger Butler opened the door on the op
posite side from which the robbers were
operating and jumped from the csr just as
the explosion took place. He held a re
' Tolver in his hand and discharged it at
1 the robbers without effect as he flea down
I the track. The explosion wrecked one
■ side of the car and overturned the oil
lamps, setting fire to the woodwork.
■■ . The robbers, succeeded in opening the
two small safes in the burning car, but
were unable to reach the large or
"through" s*fe. which, with its valuable
contents, soon dropped through the burn-
King floor and settled between the rails, in
a position where it could not be touched
Until the flames were extinguished. The
little safes were broken open with dyna
mite cartridges and looted, but it is not
believed that they contained any curiency
or valuables.
Meanwhile the mailcar caught fire and
one end of it was badly charred. The rob
bers, finding that they conld obtain noth
ing more worth righting for, slipped away
in the darkness and disappeared down the
banks of the Umpqua River, where it is
supposed they had concealed a boat, on
" which they made their escape.
It was shortly after 11:35 o'clock that
the overhand, on time, reached a point
two miles south of Roseburg known as
Sheridans farm. The train was in charee
of Conductor Veatch, with Rear Brake
man Lone. Engineer Morris and Fire
man Hendricks had charge of the engine
and Frank K. Butler the express-car.
On reaching Sheridan Field, or Shady
Point, as the stretch of track is sometimes
called, Morris noticed on the track ahead a
man with a lantern, which was being waved
violently. The engineer at once shut off
his steam, bringing the locomotive to a
stop almost opposite the man with the
; flag.
No sooner had the train come to a stand
still than a masked man climbed over the
tender, and, leveling two revolvers at the
engineer, ordered him to do as told in
• handling the train. Hendricks, the quick
. /_ _ :
BANDITS NEVER BOARD THESE TRAINS.
The American Express Company, to guard against train-robbers, has equipped
arsenal cars, which run between New York and St. Louis. They are provided
with bullet-proof rooms, in which armed men, firing through loopholes, could repel
a large force. The cars carry large supplies of implements of war, from rapid
tiring Hotchkiss guns to explosives which could be projected into a party of
raiders in the even i of an attack.
The San Francisco Call
witted fireman, on seeing the masked rob
ber making his way in:o the cab, dropped
down in tne shadow ot the tender and
t! ence crawled to the track. Working liis
w ay to the head of the engine, the fireman
started on a run to Roseburg, the two
miles being covered in less than tifteen
minutes. There he informed the people
at the station of what was going on at the
scene of the hold-up.
Superintendent Field fortunately hap
pened to be in .Roseburg'. Hurriedly gath
ering a posse of armed men he took an
engine iroin the roundhouse and hastened
back to tae point where the overland was
held. As the relief engine pulled out from
Rcseburg several heavy detonations were
heard and as it approached the scene a
brigiit glare was >een in the sky. Tnis
proved to have come from the express
car, the stove of which had been shat
tered by successive shuts of dynamite, ;he
co&ls setting lire to the car. Trainhands
were vigorously fighting the flames when
FielJ's engine arrived, but their efforts
avaiied naugbt, the car being completely
destroyed.
Following Fireman Hendricks' escape
the desperadoes orderei Engineer Morris
to "kick" the train back. Tbis done the
mail and express cars were cut off and
hauled ahead some fifty yards, chased by
Conductor Veatca and Brake man LiOhe,
who shouted to the engineer inquiring
what the trouble was. Their answer was
a fusillade of shots and tha command to
get back to the train. Neither seeming to
obey quickly enough another volley was
tired at them from the engine. The
whistling of the bullets left no mistake as
to the intent of t c people handling the
weapons and Veatch and his brakeman
beat a retreat to the train.
The express-car was tne first object of
assault by tne robbers, after they had
hauled that and the mailcar ahead of the
train. Receiving no reply to their second
d' mand to Messenger Butler to come out
side (he having slipped through the oppo
site door) a charge of dynamite was
placed under the car and tired. The effect
was ruinous. Doors were blown apart and
the heavy floor timbers shivered into
splinters. The car was at once entered
and the two small safes of the express
company attacked with giant powder.
Both of these were blown open — in fact de
molished, so heavy were the charges used.
The last load of dynamite, however, went
beyond its intended usefulness, the force
in some manner being exerted toward the
car stove and sending the burning coals
flying in every direction. These, alight
ing among the paper-wrapped packages,
at once set the interior of the car ablaze,
The robbers, finding their work becoming
too hot, made for the mailcar and entered
ir. Little damage was done there, they
evidently being fearful of occupying too
much time, inasmuch as the dynamite ex
plosion and flames from the burning ex
press-car must have been seen and heard
in Roseburg. A lew rifled mail pouches,
an evidently ignorant attempt at reach
ing the registered packages and the rob
bers prepared to leave the scene.
They did not propose being followed.
A rash movement of Engineer Morris in
thrusting his head through the cab win
dow earned for him a bullet-graze across
the cheek. A snarling growl from Express
Messenger Butler's big mastiff, at one of
the robbers, brought a bullet through the
faithful animal's brain. Numerous other
hairbreadth escapes resulted from the first
fusillade of pistol s .ots, which sent bul
lets whistling down the sides of the train
just as the startled passengers were pre
paring to alight to learn the cause of the
sudden stop. Fortunately none received
serious wounds or injuries.
On arriving at the scene of the hold-up,
the first movement of Superintendent
Fields was to tumble the burninc express
car from the track. Ere this had been
accomplished the end of the mailcar had
been suruewhat charred, but not badly
damaged. The cars stood near a small
slough, and from this the trainmen had
carried water and done valiant service in
protecting the mails. The express-car
was beyond saving.
Immediately a Sheriff's posse started in
search of the robbers, taking its course
from the report of a farmer named Lidd
say, who Btates that five men, carrying
lanterns, passed his place shortly af ler the
dynamite explosions were heard. The
men were not masked, but were evidently
anxious to avoid observation, they strik
ing off into the fields on Lindsay's ap
proach. The robbers, if such they were,
were making in the direction of Rose
burg.
The only lucid interviews from men who
were on the train were given by John J.
Wedtner and William T. Lewis, San Fran
cisco drummers who lost their sample
SAN FRANCISCO, SATURDAY MORNING, JANUARY 30, 1897.
Engineer Morris of the northbound train from San Francisco on the Oregon and California Railroad was signaled by a man who stood upon the track and waved
a lantern. He stopped the train and it was at once boarded by outlaws. Morris was fired upon and slightly wounded, but Fireman Hendricks leaped from the cab
and escaped unscathed by the bullets sent after him.— [Drawn from a description telegraphed to The Call.]
trunks in the express-car fire. These gen
tlemen stated that they retired at 10:30
o'clock last night, and about an hour later
they were awakened by a loud report. At
tirat they deemed it of no consequence,
but soon a second report struck their ears
and at the same time they felt a peculiar
movement of their car. Then it was, they
said, that the outlaws were moving two
cars around the curve.
"I observed," said Lewis, "that there
were two men only engaged in the work,
one of whom flagged the train. After
that one of the fellows covered the en
gineer and fireman, with orders not to
move the engine. The tireman, though,
leaped irom the engine, intending to get
assistance from Eoseburg. He ran into a
barbed-wire fence, which fearfuily lacer
ated bis hands and face. All this time
the road agents were keeping up an in
cessant fusillade upon him, but he escaped
without one of the bullets striking him.
"Then they turned their attention to
the engineer, demanding of him to assist
them in gaining access to the express-car.
The messenger refused to open the uoor
on the side at which they were standing,
and the robbers began pouring shot
through it. The messenger eventually
got out of the other door and succeeded in
getting in two shots at the outlaws, but
missed tnem. They returned the com-
Piiment with equal result. Then a dyna
mite bomb was thrown into the open
express-car for the purpose of blowing
open the bis said. This explosion soon
started a fire that made a lurid glare
visible for miies around.
"Tuey got but little, as it was impossible
to get into the big safe. No, they did not
'go through' the passengers of any of the
cars. One jewelry drummer claims to
have lost $10,000 in samples in the fire."
EAGiyKER MO K HIS' A.CCUUAT.
Has Forced to Do tne Kidding of the
Train Jtohbers.
GRANTS PASS, Or., Jan. 29.—En
gineer Morris of the San Francisco over
land train, which was boarded by bandits
near Roseburg last night, says the rob
bers were three in number. His story is
probably the most reliable of any that
have yet been told, for he was not permit
led to leave the r<resence of the outlaws
while they were at work.
Morris says the robbery occurred at
about 11 o'clock. The rain was pouring
down in torrents, and the train was mak
ing good time. Suddenly at a point
where the road runs close to the Unipqua
River with high banks on the other side a
light swung out ahead of the train and
signaled it to stop. Engineer Morris
slowed down. As be did so, crack 1 went
the report of a pistol ana a ball grazed his
cheek. A. masked highwayman clambered
up on to the engine and covered the en
gineer with his pistol. At the same time
another highwayman climbed over the
wood in the tender into the cab and cov
ered the tireman. The latter sprang out
of the cab as a bullet whistled past his
head, and made his way on foot to Rose
burg. A third masked robber then put in
an appearance.
One of the trio took cnarge of the engine
and showed a thorough familiarity with
its workings. The other two marched the
engineer between them back to the pas
seneer coaches and made him uncouple
the coaches from the express and baggage
car. They then returned to the engine.
The new engineer gave the uncoupled
coaches a vigorous kick, and then took the
express car up tho road about a half-mile.
Engineer Morris was kept under cover of
a pistol in the hands of one of the robbers,
and the other two made a demand on the
express agent to open the car. This the
agent refused to do. A dynamite cartridge
was then brought into use, and with the
tremendous explosion the door and one
side of the car gave way.
At this point the unexpected happened.
The force of the concussion wrecked the
stove in the car, and in a' moment flames
were seen shooting from the floor. Ex
pressman Butler was for a moment
stunned by the impact, but rallied shortly
and sprang out of the car on the opposite
side Irom the outlaws. As he did so he
exchanged snots with one of the bandits.
The invaders got into the car and tried
to extinguisti the flames, but found that
they were beyond their control. They
then turned their attention to the safes.
The smaller one was founJ open and was
rifled of its contents. It is not supposed
that they made a rich haul. This safe
usually carries the way packages from
points north of Ashland.
The Attack Upon the Overland Express Near Roseburg, Or.
The robbers then turned their attention
to the bi^ express safe. A stick of dyna
mite was placed under it, and the robbers
retired from the car awaiting the explo
sion. In a moment it came and with it
another burst of flames in the cars. The
two men again climbed into the car and
tried to force the safe open. They found
their efforts unavailing, and numerous
deep curses were uttered by them as they
perspired over :he job in the suffocating
smoke.
Engineer Morris says that the two ban
dits as they toiled in the hot and blinding
smoke of the car formed a picture that he
will never forget. The rain still pattered
on the outside and the glare from the
burning car caat somber shadows out in
the dark woods and over the smooth wa
ters of the UnipQua below. The flames
grew hottdr and hotter,* and the two nv»n
realized that they would have to abandon
the enterprise. Another difficulty they
encountered was the heated condition of
the safe. This became so hot that they
could not touch it, and at last one of them
said :
"We will have to give this up."
They both sprang out of the car on the
side nearest to the river, and, with the out
law who had remained in the cab, went
quickly down and along the bank of the
river. This was the last seen of them. It
is supposed that they had a boat on the
river below, by means of which they could
baffle all attempts to follow them and
could in a half hour be mingling with the
people of Roseburg.
In the meantime there was great con
sternation among the passengers in the
rear coach. Many of them were aroused
from their sleep by the blast from the first
dynamite cartridge. It was soon reported
all through the coaches that the train was
in the hands of bandits. Terrified men
and women bid their valuables under tue
seats, in their boots and shoes and in
every place which they believed a sus
picious bandit might fail to search. Some
ot them showed their heads at the
windows, but a pattering of bullets warned
them to keep inside.
This robbery is conspicuous in that it
occurred within two miles of the town of
Roseburg, so near that the dynamite
blasts were plainly heard by the people on
the streeis. This is the second train
robbery that occurred in the south end of
Douglas County. Within a year the
northDound overland was held up at Cow
Creek and two masked robbers went
through the entire train, relieving the
conductor and crew and all the passengers
of their watches and small change. For
this crime the Pool Brothers, two hard
citizens of Douelas County, were arrested
and lodged in Portland Jail. At length
ther trial came up, but they were ulti
mately turned loose by Judge Bellinger of
the United States District Court before
whom they were iried.
II A XX JSA.FJI.Ef> PURSUIT.
Trail of the Train- Robber* Obliterated
by thf Downpour.
ROSEBURG, Or., Jan. 29.— Up to a late
hour to-night no definite clews have been
discovered leading to tbe identification of
the miscreants who held up the north
bound Sortthern Pacific express last night.
Superintendent Fields is on the scene
personally directing the movements of
several posses, which are trying to pick
up the trail of tne robbers, but thus far
their efforts have been fruitless owing to
the heavy rainfall of the past twelve
hours. Detectives in the employ of the
railway and express companies are coming
from Sacramento and upon their arrival
more systematic efforts will be made to
run the fugitives down.
An unsuccessful attempt was made here
to open the Wells-Fargo "through" safe,
after which it was shipped to the com
pany's headquarters at Portland. The
metal 01 the safe was badly warped by
the heat and it is feared that at least a
part of the contents was damaged.
The debris of the wreck has all been
cleared away and trains are moving on
time.
EXT EXT OF THE LOSS.
Railway Officials ' Unable to ■; Open the
'.. _ v ; .Warped Safe. ; . „
-- PORTLAND, Ok., Jan. 29.— Ever since
the arrival this afternoon of the belated ,
Southern Pacific i express, which was held
up .by train-robbers near - Rose burg, last
night, . Agent Shelby , of the Wells-Fargo
Company has-been endeavoring •to open
Continued on i'uurlh Page.
GENERAL ALGER
GETS A PORTFOLIO
Will Be Secretary of War
in Major McKinley 's
Cabinet.
— — — — —
James Wilson of lowa Selected
for a Place, Probably 'secre
tary of Agriculture.
Within a Few Days All the Chief
Advisors of the Pres dent-Elect
Will Be Named.
CANTON, Ohio, Jan. 29. — This was
Major McKinley's birthday, and he cele
brated it by tendering the portfolio of war
to General R. A. Alger of Michigan.
General Alger authorized the corre
spondent of the United Associated Presses
to state that be had accepted the portfolio
of war. He was asked if all differences
between himself and Senator Sherman had
been arranged.
"Yes," he said, "we are on good terms
and will work together in harmony."
General Alger arrived at 1 o'clock and
lunched with Major McKinley. Ex-Con
gressman A. M. Thompson of Ohio and
ex-Speaker Titus Sheard of New York were
the others. After luncheon General Alger
and Major McKinley retired for confer
ence, ana, at the expiration of two hours,
General Alger came out and made the an
nouncement that he was to be in the Cabi
net. He left for DJtroit at 4 o'clock.
General Alger was in a happy frame of
mind, and was apparently pleased with
the result of his visit to Canton. He said
he was not personally acquainted with all
the men who are liKely to be in the Cabi
inet, and said that three of them he did
not know by sight. He said the appoint
ment of Mr. Gage had made a remark
able impression on the business and com
mercial world, and would hasten the re
turn of confidence.
Ex- Speaker Sheard of New York talked
for two hours to-day with the President
elect. He said:
"My interview was a pleasant and very
satisfactory one. We discussed the New
YorK situation in regard to the Cabinet,
and 1 urged the appointment of General
Stewart L. Woodford, on the ground that
he is a clean, strong, capable man, about
whom very much that is good can be said,
and against him very little can be said.
He was acceptable to the organizations in
New York, and that fact ought not to
make it unacceptable to any fair-minded
citizen. Major McKinley bas a high opin
ion of General Woodford, and may ap
point him, but I do not think he ha 3 de
cided what to do in respect to New York.
My conviction is that New York will be
represented in the Cabinet by a thoroughly
satisfactory man."
Colonel J. J. McCook of New York, who
called on Major McKinley last night, is
mentioned to-day as a Cabinet possibility.
Major McKinley dinea wita his mother
to-night. Among Major McKinley's
callers to-day was G. M. Reynolds, a Dcs
Moines banker, whose friends were urgine
his appointment as First Comptroller;
Congressman F. H. Wilson of Brooklyn is
no longer considered a Cabinet possibility.
James Wilson of lowa, who has been
prominently mentioned in connection
with the position of Secretary of Agricul
ture, arrived here at 10 o'clock to-night
and drove immediately to Major McKin
ley's residence. Mnjor McKmley, who
knew Mr. Wilson when he was in Con
press, greeted him heartiiy, and they
withdrew at once for a private conference,
which lasted more than an hour. Wilson,
in all probability, will be offered and will
accept the portfolio of Secretary of Agri
culture.
Tbe report circulated this afternoon
thai Charles G, Dawes is to be Comptroller
of the Currency has some foundation, bat
could not be confirmed to-night.
JUDGE GVFF DEC LIU BS.
Xererthelesi the Cabinet la Aoi© Almost
Complrted.
WASHINGTON. D. OL, Jan. 29.—
Judge Goff of West Virginia has written
a letter to a friend in Washington, in
which he says he will not be a member of
Major McKinley's Cabinet. He has con
sulted personally with Senator Elkins
and by letter with Major McKinley, and
has concluded to be a candidate for United
States Senator to succeed Senator Faulk
ner.
The Cabinet, as far as settled definitely,
will stand as follows: John Sherman, Sec
retary of State; Lyman J. Gage of ll
i'-.c- -, Sec-. -': -y of the Troaenty i Jehu D.
Long of Massachusetts, Secretary of ■'. the
Navy; Russell A. Aleer, Secretary of
War; Jame3 Wilson of lowa Secretary of
Agriculture. ',
Toe general belief is that Judge Me-
Kenna of California will be appointed
Attorney-General or Secretary of the In
terior. It will be observed that all of the
Cabinet officers thus far selected are from
the j Central and Western States, . except
the S cretary of the Navy. For this rea
son it is believed that the Postmaster-
General will be an Eastern or a Southern
man. As yet the South is unrepresented.
The chances of H. Clay Evans of Tennes
see for Postmaster-General are considered
to be good. '
Board Urged for the Cabinet.
MADISON, Wis.. Jau. 29.— A petition
was circulated to-day among the Legisla
tors asking President-elect McKinley to
give ex-Governor William D. Hoard aj
Cabinet position. It is said some member:
who recently signed for Payne are now
signing for Hoard.
South Dakota's Battle.
PIERRE, S. D., Jan. 29.— 1n the joint
session of the General Assembly to-day
the vote on Senator was as follows: Pick
ler 57, Kyle 33, Goodytoontz 19, Plowman
11, Loucks 2, Kellar 1, Palmer 1, Maris
Taylor 2.
Congrniimnn Hi ft Decline*.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 29.—Con
gressman Robert R. Hitt of Illinois, chair
man of the House Foreign Affaira Com
mittee, has declined the appointment of
First Assistant Secretary of Stato ten
dered him by the President-elect.
Interior View of One of the American Express Company's
Arsenal Cars.
PRICE FIVE CENTS*
SOME ASSEMBLYMEN
FREE FROM BLAME
Guy of San Diego Did Not
Place Any Names on
the RolL
Others Admit That They Gave
P.'ace-Seekers Permission
to Use Their Names.
Legislators Candidly Confess That
Excessive Mileage Was Paid
Without Protest
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Jan. 29. -W. R.
Guy, Republican Assemblyman from San
Diezo, has a clean record in the matter of
the temporary roll scandal. He was cred
ited on the list with the appointment of
Clark Alberti, bat he went before the in-
Testigating committee this afternoon and
under oath declared that he did not ask
Clerk Duckworth to make any appoint
ments on the temporary list.
Guy did not turn and twist and squirm
as did some of the witnesses who preceded
him, but he was as explicit as it was pos
sible for a truthful man to be. He said:
"I made no request to any person, nor did
I authorize any one to request the chief
clerk or any one else to put any one on the
temporary roll. It was intimated to me
by several members that I had a right to
! be represented on that roll and I told
them that I did not desire to have any
one on the roil."
He made the further explanation that
two years ago at his request Alberti was
appointed assistant clert of the Assembly,
but he did not know how he came to be
on that roll.
Strain of the committee swore that he
did not recommend the name of J. R.
Nixon, which was credited to him; nor
did he recomruend to Duckworth the
name of any other person for the tempo
rary roll, but he did solicit Duckworth's
support in aid of Nixon for a permanent
position. He was one of the statutory
employes of the previous session.
Power of San Francisco, a Democrat,
had two appointments on the temporary
roll. Two or three others bad gone to
him for permission to use his name in or
der to get on the roll. He voted for the
mileage report because he heard that the
report called for only $104 too much mile
age. He didn't t hin k. it was any use to
waste time about $104, and voted to pay it
with Democratic liberality.
Lacy of San Francisco raised a laugh by
declaring that in his district were many
colored people, and they had made bis
life a burden waking him out of bed in
the morning to have him place them in
fat jobs. He told them to go to Duck
worth and use his name for all it was
worth.
Harris of Santa Barbara said that he
<iici not recommend Rodriguez and Miss
Bertola, whose names were charged to
him.
Doian (D.) of San Francisco said that
he recommended T. J. Smith in a letter
to Duckworth. The other men charged
to him asked him whether they could
not use his name and influence with the
chief clerk to be placed on the list and he
told them to go ahead and use his in
fluence as much as they liked.
Gately, a fusionist of San Francisco,
swore tLat C. W. Kyle, Martin and Allen
asked him for permission to use his name
with Duckworth, and he told them to go
ahead and speak fur themselves. He was
on very friendly terms with the chief
clerk. He aid not expect to get any ap
pointments. If he had he would have
sent to San Francisco and got some good
Democrats to come up here and pose for a
day on a week's salary on a temporary
list.
Bookkeeper Hocking for thesergeant-at
arrns said he was allowed $114 for mileage
from Ban Bernardino. He came up from
there, taking a prisoner to San Quentin,
and the Sheriff of San Bernardino gave
him $50 to pay the expenses of both.
Ei-Sergeant-at-arms Parkinson recom
mended to the Mileage Committee that he
be paid $114.
Assemblyman Breiling testified that2
Parkinson represented to the Mileage
Committee that Hocking was a poor man,
had been obliged to come here from San
Bernardino and that they ought to ailow
tim mileage.
Hocking proceeded to tell how he and
Parkinson made up the list of names, as
published in yesterday's Call. He took
the list, to the chief clerk, and Duckwonh
said that he could not put them on; that
the incoming members were jumping on
him like jackrabbits to put men on. The
witness reported to Parkinson what had
been said, and Parkinson at once went to
see Duckworth about the matter.
Dibble, said he had no recollection o.
having recommended T. J. Smith, though
it ie possible that he did. He under-tood
that Duckworth had placed him on the
roll because Smith was a very efficient
man. The witness recommended to Duck
worth as page the son of a printer named
Donald Bruoe. He was appointed.
The witness voted to adopt the report of
the Mileage Committee. He understood
that thrre was $104 too much in the Mile
age Committee's report, and he had said
at the time that if it was a matter of only
$104 it was not worth while making a fuss
over, because there would be plenty of
opportunity to economize when it came to
making the appropriations-
Assemblymen L<eavitt, Kelly, Henry,
Vosburg, North of Alameda, Robinson,
Kenyon, Chyncweth and others testified
that they had recommended the appoint
ments charged against them on the tem
porary roll.
Janitor W. H. Govan declared himself
responsible lor the recommendation of T.
"W. Measure as electrician. His duty was
to turn on and off the gas and the electric
lights, and remedy tb.e trouble when the
fuses burned out. The fact that the tem
porary organization of the House was
effected before dark on t"he first day of the
session did not seem to ruffle Mr. Govan's
serenity in the least.
Judson C. .Brusie, attorney for the chief
clerk, announced that Mr. Duckworth
would appear before the commutes next
Monday an I make a clear and explicit
statement of the whole affair, which would
show tnat everything was fair and above
board.
The committee will meet again next
Monday. The opinion was freely ex
pressed after adjournment that judging
from the recklessness with which Demo
crats and fusionists had men placed on
the temporary roll it loofeed like a job by
the minority to manufacture political
thunder for the next campaign.
WORK. US Jilt: *£>SEAIBLT.
Treacy'a Bill to Jieduee Strtt'tenr Tares
jtdreriely Reported.
SACRAMENTO; Cal., Jan. 27.— 1n the
Assembly to-day Drydeu spoke on bis res
olutions favoring the recognition of Cuban
belligerency and denounced the commit
tee substitute as "cowardly and un-
American." Tha committee substitute
was then adopted, Dryden's resolutions
being voted down— 37 to 25.
Mead withdrew his bill to restrict rail
road bonds to 90 per cent of the cost of
construction.
Treacy's biil to reduce streetcar fares
between certain hours was adversely re
ported.
A favorable report was made on Clark's
bill, prohibiting the granting of franchises
on county roads, as amended in accord
ance with suggestions made last night by
attorneys for the Valley road.
Dibble introduced a bill to transfer the
Veterans' Home at Yountvilie to the State.
.Leaviit asked for a report from the Re
trenchment Committee on Bridgeford's
resolution for an investigation of sue
State printing office. This started an
acrimonious debate. Leavitt charged
that the investigation (whicn Melick said
was in progress) is a secret inquiry con
ducted through spies, and that Melick was
prejudiced aeainst the State Printer. He
demanded a fair investigation by "decent
straightforward people."
Dennery joined in the attack on the
committee, and asked if the committee
was' the Legislature.
Hill, a member of tha committee, ex
citedly declared that the statements made
by .Leavitt and Dennery were untrue.
Melick explained, the course of the in
vestigation up to the present time and the
matter was disposed of by the adoption of
a resolution directing the Committee on
Retrenchment to report the Bridgford
resolution.
Bill 423, to abolish statements on motion
for new trials, was passed.
A recess was taken until 3 o'clock.
Comparatively nothing of interest was
done at the afternoon session. The first
reading file was taken up and read.
Leavitt offered a resolution granting the
Ways and Means Committee power to ad
minister oaths and take testimony.
Sanford introduced a bill to enable cities
to create city boards of examiners.
Adjournment was taken to 9:30 to-mor
row morning.
GENERAL LEGISLATION.
Bill to Compel Electric Xailieaya to Fur
nith Street Light*.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Jan. 29.—
sembly bill 396, introduced by the Com
mittee on Corporations, contains a pro
vision in section 2 that electric street
railways "to which a franchise is granted"
may be required to furnish electric-lights
for the streets through which they run.
The bill is of so much importance that it
is given here in full :
Section 1. Every franchise or privilege to
erect or ley telegraph or telephone wires, to
construct or operate street railroads upon any
pub.ic street or highway, to lay gas or water
pipes, to erect poles or wires for transmitting
electrio power or for lighting purposes, along
or upon any public street or highway, or to
exercise any other privilege whatever here
after proposed to be granted by the Board of
Supervisors, Board of Trustees, Common Coun
cil or other governing or legislative body of
any county, city and county, city or town or
distric. within this State, shall be granted
upon (he conditions in this act provided, and
not otherwise. The feet that an application,
for such franchise or privilege has been made
to such Board of Supervisors, Board of Trus
tees, common Council, or other governing or
legislative body, together with a stateme-.it
that it is proposed 10 grant the same, must
first be advertised in one or more news
papers of the county, city and county,
city, town or district wherein the said
franchise or prlvi.ege is to be exer
cised. Such advertisement must state that
bids will be received lor sucti franchise, and
that it will be awarded to the hi:hest bidder,
and sue:» advertisement must be [published
in such daily newspaper once a day for
ten successive days, and if there be
no daily news aocr published in such
county, city and county, or city,
then it shall be published in a weekly
newspaper published in such county, city aid
county], once a week for lour weeks, and in
either case the full advertisement must be
completed not less than twenty nor mor» than
thirty days before any further action of the
Board of Supervinors, Board of Trustees, Com
mon Council, or other governing or lesi-lative
body The advertisement must state tne ciiar
acter of t tie franchise or privilege proposed to
be granted, the term of us continuance, and if
a street rai road, the route to be traversed;
that 6ealed bios or lenders will be received
up to a certain hour on a day named
therein, am) a further statement that no
bid- will be received of a single sum
or amount stated, but that all bids must
be mr the payment in lawful money of
the United States of a stated perceutoi the
gross annual receipts of the person, partner
ship, or C'TDOTation. or other authority to
whom the franchise is awarded, arising from
its use, operation or possession. No percent
age shall be paid for the rir-t fire years suc
ceeding the date of the franchise, but there
alter suca percentage shall be payable an*
nually, and shall in no case be le-s than 3 per
cent per aunurn up n tuch gross recipts, the
fracchi-e to be forfeited by failure to make
the pnyments s ated in the bids upon which
tne awarJ was made. After the exp. ration of
the time 6tnted in the advertisement up to
which sea ed bids <>r proposals will be re
ceived, the board or other governing or legis
lative body herein mentioned, must meet in
ooeu session and read ihe ten lers or bids.
Tne franchise or privileges must then be
awarded to the highest bidder; provid-d, how
es'er, that nothing in this section si. al. affect
a special privilege, granted for a shorter term
than two years.
Sec. 2. ivery p-rson, company or corpor ■■-
tion, to wtium a lmnchise to operate an ek-c
--inc street railway, or to erect poles, wires or
conduits for the iransmissi »n ot electric
power is granted, ma , in addition to the re
quirements enumerated in section 1, be re
qu.red to light the street orstreets upon which
tne car tracks are laid, or along which the
poles, wire- or conduit- are run, or such part
of such street, or btreets, as the Board of Su
p rvisirs. Common Council, or other legisla
tive or governing body granting the iranchise
may direct.
Sec. 3. No franchise now existing or which
m«y hereaiter be granted shall be renewed by
the BoarJ of Sut<ervisor>. Bo ird of Trustees,
Common Council or other governing or legis
lative body above described, nor shall the ex
tension or renewal <>f the same be advertised
or i fferei lor sale by sucn governing or legis
lative Iwdy until within one year from the
date of the expiration of the existing fran
chise, unless tne existing franchise is first
surrendered by the nolders thereof.
Sec. 4. A. iy member of any Board of Surer
visor>, Common Council or other governing or
legislative body of an> couniy, city and
county, city, town or district of this State who,
by his vote, violates or attempts to vio.aie the
provisions of this act, or any of them, shall be
guilty of a misdemeanor and of mnlfeasance
in office, and be deprived of his office by the
decree of a c^urt of competent jurisdiction
ai ter trial and conviction.
Waymire's Assembly bill 528 amends
section 405, subdivision 6, of the Civil
Cude by adding the following: "And any
railroad corporation may contract with
another railroad corporation for the pas^
age over its railroad tracks of locomotives
and cars, and the running of railroau
trains thereon, owned and operated by
su h other railroad corporation."
Gately'a Assembly bill 540 makes it a
mi for any person to use, build
or contruct, in part or in wbole. for any
purpose whatever, along any public high
way any barbed-wire ;ence.
Cartwright (Fas.) of Malaga attempts to
introduce the free coinage of silver by As
sembly bill 522, which reads:
From and afte.r the Ist day of July, 1897, it
shall be unlawful for any person, firm or cor
poration to make or execute any contract in
this State, or to be performed In this State, pro
viding fur the payment in any par'lcular or
specitic kind of money coined or issued by the
Luted States, or for any court of this State to
enter judgment upon any such contract for
any particular or specific kind of money coined
or issued by the United States.
Goff's Assembly bill 520 provides that
any county official having funds in his
possession belonging to the county or
State may deposit the same in any bank
having a paid-up capital of $50,000 doing
business in the county of whicn the official
depositing the money is an officer, pro
viding that the bank shall first give a
bond direct to the Supervisors in double
the sum that any officer shall be permit
ted to deposit, the sureties to be the presi
dent, vice-president, casnier and directors.
Nothing shall diminish the bank's respon
sibility, but the sureties above mentioned
shah be ior the purpose of giving addi
tional security.
Where there is more than one bank in a
county the deposits shall be apportioned
in proportion "to the amount of the paid
up capital stock.
Ennis' Assembly bill 515 appropriates
$100,000, payable to the State Board of
Prison Directors, to be by them expended
in tue erection, furnishing and fitting of
such cell- buildings, structures and con
structions and other incidental expenses
relating thereto at the Slate prison at
Folsom as may be necessary to safely im
prison and to properly accommodate all
prisoners sentenced to serve terms of im
prisonment in the State prisons of this
State.
It shall be the duty of the Directors to
transfer from the State prison at San Quen
tin to the State prison at Folsom so many
prisoners as can be employed in the erec
tion of the buildings and the other work
herein provided for and contemplated,
and ail prisoners so transferred snaiJ serve
the balance of their respective terms of
commitment in the Folsom Mate prison.
When the work is finished the prisoners
shall be transferred from San Qnentin to
Folsom and the lands, buildings, etc., of
the San Quentin orison shall be sold un
der the approval of the Stale Board of
Examiners, the proceeds to be turned into
the Folsom prison lund.
Cross' Assembly bill 625 provides that if
it shall be represented to the Board of
Bank Commissioners by persons holding
at least one-third of the capital stock that
such banking corporation by reason of the
diversion of its assets to illegitimate pur
poses, the payment of excessive salaries
or by willful or gross mismanagement on
the part of its officers, has during a period
of three years failed to earn sufficient
money over and above all expenses to pay
a dividend to its stockholders at the rate
of at least 2 per cent per annum upon us
paid up capital, surplus and undivided
profits the Bank Commissioners shall cite
the president, cashier and secretary of
such bank to show cause why the board
should cot take charge and control of the
bank's business.
The Committee on Capital and Labor
introduced this morning Assembly bill
621 as a substitute for Soward's Nos. 189
and 25, providing that each employer
shall pay his empoyes on a certain fixed
day of the week or month the wages due
them. A violation of the law establishes
a lien. The act shall not apply to farmers
employing fewer than five such laborers
or mechanics.
In line with the aeitation in progress in
various portions of the Stale against adul
terations of all kind is the bill introduced
to-day by Senator L.nder. It creates a
new State officer, to be known as the Food
Commissioner, and icivM him and his as
sistants broad powers for the exercise of
their duties and provides $15,000 for the
detection and exposure of violation? of the
pure-food laws already on the statute
books. The important features of the bill
follow:
There is hereby created the office of State
Food Commissioner of the State 01 California.
Said Commissioner shall be appointed by the
Governor, u> take office March 15, 1897, and
shall serve for four years, and until liissuc
cessn> is appointed and qualified He shall be
charged with the enforcement of all laws
against all adulteration in food, drink or
drugs in the State of California. His salary
shall b« $3000 a year and his necessary and
rensona :i- expenses incurred in the discharge
ef his official duties, to be paid in monthly in
stallments at the end of each calendar month.
Said commissioner may, with be consent
an l advice of the Governor, ep> oint no. more
than three assistants from different parts of
the State, whose salaries shall not exceed
$1200 each per annum and their necessary
and reasonab c expense incurred in the dis
c large of their official duties, puyable In time
and manner like those of the commissioner,
and on itemized vouchers approved by the
said commissioner. The said c mmisgioner
shall have power, with the advice and consent
of the Governor, to appoint an expert to be of
acknowledged standing and integrity, to ex
amine Bnmples ot food, drink and drugs sub
mitted to him by tne commissioner or his as
sistants. The compensation of said expert
shxll bi> $2400 per annum, payable in >ime
and man'. er like that of the commissioner,
and he shail devote his entire time and atten
tion to th work. Tne entire exp*n>es of sa id
commissioner end assistants snail not < xcerd
In any one year the amount appr priaied ior
suca purposes.
Ttit Hmount of $15 000 per year is hereby
appropriat d from the general fund for said
expenses, which shall Include all sa aries and
ex pens s of ail aud every kind in connection
with said wok.
Ssiii commissioner, or any assistant, shall
have power in the performance of his duties
to enter into any creamery, facie tv, store,
salesroom or place « here he'hus reason to be
lieve ioi>d. drink or drugs «re made, prepared,,
sold or offered for sale, and to open any cask,
tub, package o bo: tie contain n« or supposed
to contain any article of food, drink or drugs,
and to exam ne or cause to be examined and
analyzed the contents thereof.
1 1 al-o provides that the District Attor
ney or State prosecuting officer shall prose
cute all cases wherein violation of the pure
food laws of the State are involved.
S. nator Smith, who represents Kern
and San Luis Oiiapo counties, nas a bill
in providing tor the cstab ishment of a
State Normal School in the latter county.
The measure Is now in the hands of thf
Committee on Pub ie Buildings. In dis
cussions before tuat committee and in
conversations witu a number of other
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JANUARY 30, 1897.
Senators the author of the bill believes it
will a much better chance of going
ihroujjb if its provisions are changed so as
to create a State polytechnic school on
the plan of the Throoo Institute, a Dri
vate school at Pasadena. It will be the
only State Normui School of this charac
ter in California.
Speakmtr of the matter to-day Senator
Smith t-a.d: "Tne idea is to nave a school
I r training men and women in the every
day affairs of life— not in those tnings
that iead to the professions, but those
wb eh lead back to the borne and pertain
to the daily vocations of life. The t'irls
will be train -d in domestic economy and
the care of the home, as well as in the
preservation of health and the care of the
sick. The boys will get instruction in the
mechanical arts and sucn other occupa
tion* enabling ihem to earn a livelihood
as the directors may see tit to apply ihe
institution to. Tne State a. ready has
numerous institutions for all who desire
education in the various profes-iona,
while there is not one distinctive school
to make people fit for the every-day places
in life."
During his visit to Stockton last week
Senator Sliippee had a peculiar experi
ence, and it led him to introduce a pe
culiar measure to-day. While passing a
drugstore in the city named ho saw a
man, who had been placed under the in
fluence of hypnotism, displayed in the
snow-window and serving as a sort of
drawing card for the business. Then he
heard that some of the boys of the town,
who had become infected witu the hyp
notic fad, had succeeded in placing a
Japanese playmate under its mysterious
p >wer and set him to playing baseball.
When they had become surfeited with the
novelty of seeing the wanderer from the
land of chrysanthemums wasting hiß
energies in an imaginary game, with
which be was entirely unfamiliar when
in a normal state, they tried to restore
him to bis natural condition. To their
consternation they could not make him
dessit nor get him out of his simulated
condition. It was only after procuring
the aid of a gentleman experienced in the
art that the Frankenstein-like Jap was
relieved.
These matters also came to the attention
of S. D. Wood, a well-known attorney of
Stockton, who before Senator Shippeelelt
handed him the following bill, which was
duly submitted o the Senate to-day:
It shall be unlawful foranyperaon.other than
a duly licensed physician or surgeon, as such
physician or surgeon is defined by law, to exer
cise, or Httempi to exercise, mesmeric or hyp
notic Influence upon any person or persons;
and any such physician or surgeon suall only
exercise such mesmeric or hypnotic influence
white engaged in the actual treatment of a
person tor some existing disease or ailment.
Violation of this act is declared to be a
mi demeanor, punishable by a fine of not
more than $500 nor less than $100, or by im
prisonment of not more than one year nor
1 ss than six months, or by such hne and
imprisment. It was referred to the Com
mittee on Hospitals.
Ex- Judge Van Reynegom and Marcus
Rosentbai are here in the interest of a bill
to prevent litigation by which hundreds
and thousands of property-owners are not
infrequently put to great trouble and ex
pense.
"Take such cases as the Noe suit," said
the Judge in explaining the purposes of
the bill which it is proposed to have in
troduced in the Legis ature. ''Here a
large number of people were forced to go
into the courts and defend an attack on
the title of their property witnout any
just or good basis existing for the action
of the complainant. They were forced to
employ counsel, give more or less of their
tim" to meetings and consultations and
suffered from a temporary cloud on their
titles, which prevented any translerof the
property involved until the case was de
cided.
"This bill provides that every complaint
in such a case must be verified and must
positively state the time when the com
plainant or his predecessors were last in
possession of the property. Such an aver
ment must not be on Lelief and informa
tion.
"If the defendant", or any of them,
allege that they have been for five years
in adverse possession of the property in
dispute and have t>aid all the taxes
thereon during such period, the Judge
shall require a bond oi $300 from com
plainant for each such deiendant to se
cure the payment of costs and $100 for
attorney's fees."
The measure has the approval and in
dorsement of the San Francisco Associa
tion ot Improvement Clubs.
Order has at last been evolved from
chaos in the billroom of the sergeant-at
arms throu h the efforts of George W.
E der, who was appointed to succeed J. D.
Wiseman as b.ll clerk. Elder began work
on Monday, and to-day has filled every
request for bills from the Governor down.
When he assumed charge every one was
clamoring for bills and complaining of
their failure to secure them.
Dull l>ny in the Senate.
SACRAMENTO. Cal.. Jan. 29. — This
was another dull day in the Senate. A
call of tlie house was necessary to get a
quorum. When the quorum was secured
the third reading tile was passed.
Dickinson moved that when the Senate
adjourned it be until Monday at 12:30.
Carried.
Smith introduced a resolution instruct
ine the sub-committee on county eov
ernmentto report a recommendation fa
voring the creation of the office of soun.y
expert, whose duties should be attached
to the County Auditor. Tne resolution
was made the special order for Tuesday.
A bill was Introduced by Shippee pro
hibiting any but duly licensed physicians
from hypnotizing or mesmerizing persons.
Adjourned.
STILL ANOTHER TREATY.
Great Britain and the United States to
Settle Their Boundary Disputes by
Arbitration.
WASHINGTON, D. C. Jan. 29.— A new
treaty between Great Britain and the
United States is being formed at the
State Department and will be trans
mitted to the Senate soon for ratification.
It agrees to appoint a joint committee
of engineers, surveyors, astronomers, etc.,
to collect all information bearing on the
subject and ascertain the exact location
of west longitude parallel 141, which by
common consent suall in all future in
ternal matters mark the boundary line
between the two nations.
The cession made by Russia to the
United States in 1867 and the treaty be
tween G eat Britain and Russia in 1825
are points to be nvestigated. The com
mittee is especially to investigate where
those treaties marked the boundary line.
- The findings of the committee are not
final, out will in all probability be ac
cepted by both nations as the determina
tion of the territorial dispute, which
involves some of the richest «old- bearing
country in the world.
It bids fair to mark the happy consum
mation by peaceful means of the two ter
ritorial disputps which two years ago
threatened to disturb the peaceful rela
tions of the two countries. It was then
alleged that Great Britain had set up a
claim to the gold fields of Alaska and of
Venezuela.
The latter controversy has practically
been settled and all authorities say Vene
zuela retains the gold fields. The Alaska
dispute is now in a fair way for so tle
ment. The general arbitration has been
b.ocked by certain Western and North
western Senators who di I not want
to see the Alaskan boundary dispute
brought under the general terms of arbi
trat on. The ne.w treaty was pressed for
ward at this time to except Alaska from
the general arbitration bill and smooth
the way for its early passage.
Alarming lirhrllion in Brazil.
NEW YORK, N. V., Jan. 29— The
Herald's special cable from Buenos
Avers, says: The rebellion which has
broken out among the fanatic religious
cement of the State of B hiu, Brazil, fa
of a erious character.
A correspondent in Rio de Janeiro tele
graphs that tie Government fears that
the monarchists are behind the revolt.
DOCTORS LISTEN
TO MR. CLEVELAND
Felicitous Address at Their
Semi-Centennial Cele
bration.
The President Says Some Wise
Things and at Times Waxs
Humorous.
Contrasts Physicians of To-Day With
Village Doctors of Fifty
Years Ago.
NEW YORK. N. V., Jan. 29. — The
Academy of Medicine celebrated its semi
centennial in Carnegie Hall. The exer
cises consisted of addresses by Dr. Josep
D. Bryant, the president of the academy,
and by Samuel S. Purple, M.D., and Louis
A. Bayre, M.D., the founders of the acad
emy; an oration by A. Jacobi, the lormer
president of the academy, and an address
by the President of the United States,
Grover Cleveland.
The hall waß crowded. From the or
chestra to the topmost gallery every seat
seemed filled, the boxes being brilliantly
lighted.
"Hail to the Chief greeted the Presi
dent as he entered the hall on the arm of
Dr. Bryant, the audience rising out of re
respect to the Nation's Executive.
Bishop H. U Potter dressed in the pur
ple robes of the episcopate offered the
opening prayer.
President Bryant then made the open
ing address of welcome. Mr. Bryant ex
plained that the objects of the academy
were at once the purpose of fostering the
medical profession, to better the study of
medicine and the maintenance of a good
medical library.
Dr. Purple, Dr. Sayre and Dr. Jacobi
spoke on tbe aims and work of the acad
emy. ,
Mr. Cleveland was then introduced by
Dr. Bryant and spoke as follows:
Mr. President, ladies and gentlemen: I have
anticipated the share assigned to me on this
occasion with considerable trepidation for
several reasons. lam chiefly disturbed, I be
lieve, because ol my inability to discover suf
ficient ground for my right to join those who
celebrate the semi-centennial of a medical
association. If in passing through a period in
boyhood when the desirable choice of a pro*
fession seemed to rest between running away
from home and being a Bailor and staying at
home to be a doctor I inclined toward the
more quiet and orderly of these pursuits, this
surely furnishes no- basis at this late day for a
claim to relationship to the medical iraternity.
Nor do 1 forget that less than seven years aco
I was accorded the privilege ol participating
in the exercises when the cornerstone was laid
of the bulding which is now the home of the
organization which to-night celebrates its
halt century of honorable existence. It has
aroused an interest still undiminished in the
academy of medicine and hardly entitles me
to a share in the celebration of those who have
borne the work while I have enjoyed the
happy surroundings of public station.
Confessing, therefore, that I have no right
for even standing-room within the inner
circle of the profession, I have boldly and
without the least authority determined to
speak to you as a: representative of the vast
army of patients and laymen. Ai the outset
I desire to remind you that though it is
largely in the majority and with plenty of
members to spare, those who . are well
conducted among, us do; not vex you with
hurtful competition. Instead of making l.fe
bard for you, by observance of . the laws of
hctilth, we assist you by indulging in all sorts
of irregularities. We are obedient and sub
missive to your commands— that is, when we
are sick.— and we sometimes pay your bills,
even after a recovery to health— which we are
always certain would have resulted without
your interference. ...-.' .
Under these circumstances, if in perfect
health we venture to assert ourselves and tell
you what is in our mind it is not fair to liken
us to a certain personage who when sick a
saint would be, though very differently in
clined when well.
We begin by conceding most heartily and
without the least reservation the learning and
skill of those now constituting the medical
profession and the wonderful advance that
has been made through their untiring labors
and Investigations in the alleviation of
human suffering and the saving of human
life. •.
It may be that this seems to you an acknowl
edgment so much your due as to be hardly
worth-making. You should, however, value
it because it is sincerely made by those who
were not born yesterday, but who hold in last
ing and tender memory the ministrations of
the village doctor 01 fit ty years ago and are
now living monuments of his faithful care.
He, .100, alleviated suffering and saved tinman
life. We know mat it was not given to him
to see the bright lights that now mark the
path of medicine and surgery, but you cannot
convince us that he groped entirely in the
dark. . ' - ■ ■ ■
We remember with abhorrence his ever
ready lancet. We endure with complacency
the recollection of his awful medicine case,
containing bottles, powders and pills, which,
whatever might be thought of them now,
seemed then to be sufficient for all emergen
cies — to say nothing of the toothpulling tools
and ■ other sniver-breeding instruments ex
posed to view. ■•
If he was ignorant of many of the remedies
and appliances now in we, he in a large mi as
ure supplied the deficiency by hard-headed
judgment, woll-observed, experienced and
careful nursing. Besides, it was in his favor
that he did not have to bother his head with
many of the new. y invented and refined
diseases that nfll.ct mankind to-day. He had
no allotted hour* for his patients, but was al
ways on duty, and we knew the sound of his
gig as it rattled past in the night.
Your way* are better than his, but we desire
you to regard this admission as all the more
valuable because it is carved out of our loy
alty to our old village doctor, who brought . us
through the diseases of childhood witnout a
relapse, '< who saved from death our parents
and our brothers and our sisters in many a
hard com l at, and who, vanquished and forced
to surrender, was present in the last scene to
close the eyes of his dying ' patient and sym
pathize with those who wept.
I hasten to say that we do not for a moment
suppose that advancement in the science of
medicine and surgery has smothered the
faithfulness and tender consideration which
characterized the practitioner of our young
d«ys. If we seek charitable acts toward the
suffering and noble appreciation of our obli
gation to humanity and self-abnegation in
the discharge of professional duty, we must
look for them among our physicians and sur
geons of to-day.
We have now arrived at an understanding,
and you are, I hope, prepared lor a suggestion
quite in keeping with the extremely moderate
and reasonable disposition which character
izes the patient layman. ' You have invaded
our benighted : con ten iment and led us to
broad fie ds of scientific discovery. This has
inspired us with a new-born spirit of wisdom
and criticism which demands that new and
arg. r fields be. opened to' our complacent
gaze. V v have penetrated- the, place* where
the germs of disease are bidden, and we are
not quite certain that you should nut be re
quired to destroy the origin of disease and
ultimately usher in the dawn, where the only
escape from , the world will be through a
passageway mariced "old-age exit.
-If this has (ac appearance of exacting too
much, or if business • prevents, I think we
should reduce our chums or at least give our
doctors, time to = find other employment. In
meantime those of us . who are conservative
must be allowed to hope that - farther investi
gation will continue to point the way to the
prevention of disease. "For this investigation
we mu.t sti.l rely v on the effects: of .those
who have already d«.ue =>o much in that direc
tion, encouraged and stimulated by such effec
tive | organizations a i the Acad :m v of Mcdi- -
cine. We are sure that this work, haviuer ar
rest d the attention .of • the world's brother
hood if medical science, will not be neglected,
nor need we lear that American's contribu
tion to splendid results wili be defic en
v In some Instances, however, - investigation
has performed its i art. and only ff.-c ive ac
tion in other quarters is necessary to supply
needed remedies. ;: In such cases, o i '■■■ course,
you are absolved from: all responsibility in
your professional : character by exmblMng
dangers and ; warnings against, them. Thus
certain diseases whicn you deem contagious
yet remain imperfectly isolated. You iiuve
demonstrated the neril to health of unwhole
some water and noxious surroundings, und
yet much remains to be done i y way o pro
tecting our people against the c dangers. You
have established a code of ethics wh.ch con
demns charlatanism in all its forms, an«l vet
icnorant pretenders roam over the land offer-
Ing to perform mime es, or are loc ted la our
towns and citus, preying upon the weakness
of tue sick and afflicted, while men and women
are allowed to die without nied cal attend
ance, deluded with the hope that faith will
save them in their extremity.
We cannot but think that the discoveries
and improvements in the medical practice
which we now enjoy are dearly bought if the
members of the profession, in their onward
march, have left behind them their sense of
civic obligation and their inierest in the gen
eral t>ubiic welfare. We cannot accuse you of
utter neglect of your duty to ihe country, and
yet we cannot keep out of mind the tn»pielOD
that if your pro.essionnl work in exposing
evils was more thoroughly by
labor in the fieW of citizenship these evils
would be more speedily corrected
If laws are needed to abohsr. abuses which
vou^professional investigations have un
earthed, your fraternity should no; be stran
gers to the agencies which make the laws. If
enactments already in force are neglected, or
badly executed, you should not forget that it
is your privilege and duty to insist upon their
vigorous and honest eniorcemeut. Let me
also remind you of the appl. cation to your
case of the truth embodied in the homely in
junction, "If you want a job well done, do it
yourself."
If members of your profession were of tener
found in our Stnte and National Legislatures
ready to advocate the reformatory measures
you have demonstrated to be necessary, and
to defend your brotherhood against flippant
and sneering charges of impracticability, the
prospect of your bestowal u_pon your fellow
men of the ripened results of your professional
labor would be brighter and nearer.
While thus suggesting the need of your in
fluence in legislative circles for the accom
plishment of r» forms related to your rro:es
sion you will, I hope, permit me in conclusion
to enjoin upon you the duty of an active and
general interest and participation in public
affairs for the promotion of your country's
good In all the phases. The Government was
founded on the faith and anticipation that
those who loved it most and were best able to
hold it steady would be at its helm. Without
this it will surely go astray.
Never did patient need your medical treat
ment more than the body politic needs the
watchful care of your patriotic and disinter
ested citizenship. No object of personal am
bition and no love for professional liberty
should make you withhold from the Govern
ment the titne and service due from thought
ful, intelligent and educated citizens. It is
your obligation to watcn and protect our free
institutions and preserve them from weakness
and decay, which will surely be done when a
just Government, supported by the patriotism
of a loving people, shall bestow with equal
hand upon us and all our countrymen the
blessings of National peace, contentment and
happiness.
Alter the exercise 3 Mr. Cleveland went
to Dr. Bryant's bouse, where he will pass
the night. He will return to Washington
to-morrow. __
WILL INVESTIGATE KRUGER.
Secretary Chamberlain Causes Common-
ers to Appoint a South African
Commission.
LONDON, Eno., Jan. 29.— 1n the House
of Commons to-day the discussion of tbe
question of the appointment of a commis
sion to inquire into tbe troubles in South
Africa was resumed. In tbe course
of the debate Eight Hon. Joseph
Chamberlain, Secretary of State for tbe
Colonies, declared that the position in
Bouth Africa was still unsettled, and that
during the last few months there had
been a recurrence and increase in tbe
growth of the feeling of unreat which must
be allayed.
Matters had been rendered much worse,
he sai«i, by the action on tbe part of tbe
Boer Parliament and, moreover, although
President Kruger bad promised to ;»ive
favorable consideration to the grievances
of tbe Uitlanders, he had not done so.
Great Britain, Mr. Chamberlain de
clared, still maintained that peace was
insecure, and would remain so until the
Uitlanders' grievances were redressed. He
felt sure that an inquiry by a commis
sion formed for that purpose would further
these ends.
In reply to a question by Sir George
Baden- Powell, Mr. Chamberlain said tbe
Government, with the approval of her
Mnjesty, had invited tbe Prime Ministers
of the several colonies to come to England
and take part in the celebration of t c
completion of tbe sixtieth year of the
Queen's reign. [Cheers.]
If the inviations were accepted, Mr.
Chamberlain continued, the premiers
would be tbe guests of Great Britain. Re
pli -8 to tbe invitations he added bad al
ready been received from tbe Premiers of
Canada and other North American colo
nies, the Cape Colony and Natal, all of
which were extremely gratifying.
Purposing the discussion of the motion
introduced by Mr. Chamberlain yester
day, to which the Colonial Secretary spoke
to-day, Bir William Harcourt, the leader
of tbe opposition, reminded tbe House
t at tbe proposed inquiry was not only
for the Hov e of Commons, but for tbe
whole civilized world as well.
He then spoke in favor of the motion
and against the amendment offered yes
terday by M. J. McLean, which recited
that: "In view of the peaceful settlement
of the South African question and the
punishment of the Transvaal raiders it
would be inexpedient to reopen the mat
ter and needless toreappoint the commis
sion."
McLean then withdrew his amendment
and eventually a South African commis
sion was appointed.
S A GISTS AS SEXA.TO It 8.
Wotnrn in Pottatmtion ofth« Upimr Haute
of the Jnwa l.r-<jiil nture.
DES MOINES, lowa, Jan. 29.— The
event of to-day's sessions of the Woman
Suffrage Con ven .ion was the acceptance
of an invitation to visit the State Senate
in session.
The session was turned over to the
ladies, Miss Anthony taking the gavel,
and addresses were made by Miss An
thony. Mrs. Bradford of Colorado, Mrs.
Catt of New York, Mrs. Colby of Nebraska,
Mrs. Shaw of Pennsylvania, Miss Black
well of Massachusetts and others. They
all nrge,d the Legislature to submit the
question of woman suffrage to a vote.
In the afternoon routine work was dis
posed of. The old plan of organization
and work was adopted without practically
any change. Resolutions were adopted
expressing satisfaction with the progress
of tne cause, the recent victory in Idaho,
the spendid showing in California, urging
Congress to submit a proposition for a
suffrage amendment to the constitution,
urg ng Leg slaiures to submit the matter
to ineir States, and declaring in favor of
international arbitration of all disputes.
The evening session was devoted to the
celebration o. the adoption ot equal suf
frage in Idaho. Ad Iresses were made by
Clara B. Colby of Wyoming, Mrs. Brad
ford of Colorado, Mrs. Wno<ia of Idaho,
Mrs. Johns of Kansas and Mrs. Hultin of
Illinois.
Beb*l Activity in th* JPhil ppinea.
NEW YORK, N. V., Jan. 29.— A special
cable dispatch to tue Herald from Manila
says: The attack upon the province oi
Cavite will be^in very soon. T c rebels
are very active and skirmishes occur da ly.
Ihi-re has been un outbreak at La Paz,
in the Tarkc province. Tne Spanish of
ficial resident there is missinp.
Ei^'ht ciy 1 guards stationed there are
also missing, and it is probable that ihey
have jo ned the rebels.
Erpotillnq th' ' Australian" Ballot Lau>.\
NEW YORK, N. V., Jan. 29— A Sun
special from Montgomery, Ala., says:
Tue Hous • yesterday passed a law repeal
ing the Australian ballot, which bas been
in effect in Alabama for four years, and
r— enacting the old election law. The
Australian system has been found to be
cumbersome, expens ye and easily abuse!
in this Stale, and Democrats, Populis s
and Republicans united to defeat it .
■«.
. Maw nt Hue-truck Gamblers. '
MADISON, Wis., Jan. 29.— A bill was
introduced in the Assembly to-day which
is aimed at racetrack followers and pool
sellers. The bill makes it unlawful for
any person or corporation to indulge in
pooibelling or bookmaking; makes it un
lawfu for any person to rentabulding
for poolroom purposes, or to be custodian
of money pledged on bets or act as agent
:or the transportation of such money.
The bill also makes it unlawful to pat
ronize poolrooms, and a tine of $50 or
thir'y day*' :mprisonment is imposed for
visitini: them. In the Senate Senator
Baxter introduced a long petition for
wiping out Ideal Pars.
lit.ADY 1O lAt t. THE CBAHGKS.
Bail Jiefuied Latimer K. Jone*. the
' A*nerien», in Kng'nn<t.
LONDON, Ekg., Jan. 29 — Latimer E.
Jones, the Arue lican- arrested on his -;tud
farm a* Scarborough, charged with for
gery, was arraigned thi3 morning. Coun
sel "for Jones stated that the prisoner was
ready o face the charge against him. Part
of the money alleged to Lave b en wrong
fully obtained had been repaid at the
time of the alleged forgeries, and the
prisoner ha? b: nee remitted another pay
ment to the prosecutor. Jones was re
manded and application for his release on
bail refused.
Of Inter? it "> tke Coamt.
WASHINGTON, D C, Jan. 29. Ine
House Commerce Committee 10-day favor
ably reported to the Hous>e a bill iora iife
saving station at Point Arena, Mendocino
County, Cal.
Eniil Lilsohn was to-day commissioned
Postmaster at Diamond Spring. Cal.
Pensions have been granted as follows:
California: Original— John William Sam
uel Perry, Daggett; Huph Moiris. Sol
diers' Home, Los Angeles; Thomas J.
Bulfinch, Los Angeles; Patrick Hogan,
Sacramento (special January 22); Gaorge
M. Stone, Rimona.
O:ejjon: Original widows, etc. — Minors
of Smith Fuller, Cove; Lucretia Woodruff,
Rose burg.
Cuban War Arte* Sertree.
HAVANA, CUBA. Jan. war news ia
very meager and uninteresting, and every
thing appears to be very quiet at present.
Captain-General Weyler is reported to
have arrived at Rodas, near Cienfuegos.
The official report states that nis march
thus far has been successful. He found
no rebels along his road. Consul-General
Lee to-day visited Dr. Betancourt and
other Americans who are confined in the
Havana jaii.
THE COMING ELECTION.
Municipal Ownership and Local
Option Will Be the
Issues.
ALAMEDA, Cai,., Jan. 29.— The city
election will be held upon April 12 this
year, at which time two members ot the
Board of Trustees, two of the Board of
Education, and, if the amendment now
before the Legislature passes, a full Board
of Library Trustees will be elected, besides
a City Clerk, City Attorney, Treasurer
and ex-officio Tax Collector, Assessor,
Marshal and Recorder. As the nomina
tions must be certified to thirty days
before election, they will all be in by
March 13.
One of the main questions involved in
the campaign will be the new local option
law in precincts and not at large, as has
been tbe plan before. This will be worked
through the referendum ordinance, once
tried on the question of the special tax
for the free library building.
Municipal ownership of public utilities
will be another grave question. The
former is in tho handi of tne Anti-Saloon
Leaeue. while the latter will depend upon
the Non-Partisan convention for its back
ing, and as the most of the 700 members
of the Municipal Ownership League are
favorable to this convention it may read
ily be seen that it has strong backing. No
call for conventions have yet been issued.
THEY WILL NOT ROW.
Stanford 3len Refuse to Enter Aquatic
Contests With Berkeley Because of
Lack of Training Facilities.
BERKELEY, Cal., Jan. 29.— Track Cap
tain Brown of the Berkeley team is in
receipt of a communication from Captain
Dole of Stanford in which the latter states
that on account of the lack of facilities of
the Palo Alto men for practice in aquatic
sports rowing as an intercollegiate con
test is out of the question. He says that
the Stanford men are five miles from any
sneet of water lari?e enough to row on,
and that even after getting to it they are
required to accommodate themselves to
the tides.
"We are anxious to race," said he, "but
with tne present difficulties in the way
I am afraid it is impossible."
This response practically settles the
long-di.-cussed question of establishing
rowing as a regular annual contest between
the two universities. Notwithstanding
their inability to get rowing on the list
the Berkeley men will tiain as usual at
their quarters on the Oakland estuary, in
preparation for contests with locai rowing
clubs.
DR. HERZSTEIN FETED.
Tbe President of the Waldeck Sani
tariuiH Tendered a Farewell Ban
qurt at the Pacific-Union.
A farewell dinner, attended by twenty
three well-known local physicians, was
given at the Pacific- Union Club last night
to Dr. Herzstein, president of the Wal
deck Sanitarium, who is on the eve of bis
departure ior Europe, where he purposes
to spend six months.
The table was prettily decorated with
violets and roses. Dr. Martin Re gens
burger sat at the head of the table and
acted as toastraaster. On his immediate
right sat Dr. Heizstein, the honored
guest 01 the evening. ; . »
The following toasts were called for and
were responded to as indicated: • -
"Our Guest," Dr. Herzstein; "Our Pro
fession," Dr. Carpenter; "How to Get
Judgment for the Full Amount," J. A.
Stephens, attorney; • "What* We Don't
Know, About Medicine," Dr. Shieis;
'•What We Do Know About Medicine,"
Dr. Walt Kerr; other toasts by. Dr.
orne, Dr. Robinson, Dr. Barbat, Dr.
Wagner, Dr. Soumard, Dr. Lewitt, Dr.
LeiiKfelJ, Dr. Waasworth.
Wni<e all tlm remarks were humorous
those of Dr. Shiels, Dr. Kerr and Dr. Re
gensburger were particularly so.
As a souvenir o. t c occasion his fellow
physicians presented Dr. Herz-tein with
an album of photographic flews of the
Waiuecit Be.niiarium,;its directors and
scenes within."' . .
i uliowan: are those who were seated at
table: •
Dr. Martin Regensburger, Br. Herzstein, J.
A. Stephens, Dr. Souihuru, Dr.Liliei.cramz, Dr.
carpenter, Dr. Burba!, iJr. W. .-. Tnorne, Dr.
Are worth more tiiaii tiiei>ri.s. Il su...ctihat
pure, rich, nourishing blood is given and good
heaah established and maintained by tak.ng
Sarsaparilla
The Best— ln fsct The One True Blood Purifier.
Unnri'o Pillc are the onl y P' ll * to take
{ IIUUU 0 riliO with h.ood'3 Barsaparilla.
L-witt, Dr. Lenjrfeld, Dr. Wad3worth, Dr. Luke
RobtnxO'. Dr. Walter Thome, Dr. ueor?e
Powers Dr. Fehlei^en, Dr. H-nrv Waguer, Dr.
Ca .1 ron, Dr. George F. Shiels. Dr. W. E. Hop
kins, Dr. Frank Wilson, Dr. W. W. Kerr, Dr.
George Chismore, Dr. Joan F. Morse, Dr. C. E.
Cooper.
NEW TO-DAY
CHARLES SCHILL,
Residing at 262 Eighth St.,
S. F., Relates the Story
of His Cure.
San Francisco. Cal., Jan. 14, 1897.
I, Charles Schill, aged 30, residing at 262
Eighth street, desire and am
THANKFUL
To testify to the benefit and cure that I have
experienced by treatment at the STATE
ELECTRO-MEDICAt. INSTITUTE, corner of
Powell. Market and Eddy streets.
■For four years I have been ailing with ner-
vous debility ana heart and stomach trouble,
which greatly hindered me in my work as a
teamster, the business I have pursued for the
past seven years in San Francisco. I suffered
with x>ain and oppression of the chest and
stomach, shortness of breath, flatulent dyspep-
sia and palpitation of the heart, and after ex-
ertion would feel weak and nervous. On
January 4, 1897, 1 applied
FOR
Treatment at the Institute, where DR. W. K.
VANCE made a careful physical examination,
found that my heart and stomach were both
disordered. I was placed under treatment and
at once began to Improve rapidly and feel Ilka
A
New man. The doctor applied electricity and
prescribed certain electric fluids for internal
use, also magnetic oil for external application.
These remedies combined have had a magical
effect, and now, on January 14, I can truthfully
say that my health is fully restored. I am
VERY THANKFUL FOR SUCH A RAPID
CURE
Which enables me to pursue my daily work
without experiencing any exhaustion or wear*
mess. I may add that I derive decided bene-
fit from wearing an Electrical waist appllanoa
prescribed by Dr. Vance.
(Signed) CHARLES SCHILL.
This marvelous electro-medical treat-
ment is erecting a tremendous sensation
among the people of this coast because of
the remarkable cares it is daily effecting,
and for this same reason it is stirring the
medical world as no discovery of recent
years has stirred it. There has not been a
single failure to cure in any case where
the treatment has been given.
Xn a y examinations, if you
"If I are sick or ailing, if you
want to know what is the matter with you,
and if you want to be cured, you should
resort without delay to the STATE ELEC-
TRO-MEDICAL INSTITUTE. The Insti- /
tute TREATS AND CURES Diseases ,of ii
the Heart, Brain and Nerves, Blood Dls- ' I
eases, Rheumatism, Cancers and Tumors, I
Catarrh, Kidney Diseases, Throat Dis-
eases, Stomach Diseases, Diseases of the
Liver, Bowel Diseases, Eye Diseases, Ear
Diseases and all Diseases of Men and
Women.
WRITE if you cannot call at the In-
stitute. Describe your troubles by letter
and the doctors will advise you what to do.
Strictest confidence observed.
STATE ELECTRO-MEDICAL INSTITUTE
NEW CUKE FOB ALL DISEASES.
Located at the Corner of
Market, Powell and Eddy Streets,
ENTRANCE 3 EDDY STREET,
San Francisco, Cal.
L. A. Bertellns Pre* H. >"onlman. Vloe-Praa,
A. W. Kiric, sec, Jos. JNordman, Treat
427 KEARNY STREET, ,
Is the very beat place to have your eyes examined
and fitted to glasses with instruments exclusively
our own, whose superiority has not yet beaa
equaled.
We have no rivals. Wo value oar reputation*
we guarantee satisfaction, and depend solely upoa
! the merits of our worn tor success.
000<><><><><>OtO-OhCK>
AN EXCELLENT
"If TIT? AT Properly prepared and
|\/l I" 1 /A I promptly 6erved, can
*■ « *« always be obtained in
THE GRILL ROOM OF THE v
Decidedly the "DATA /"IT* 1
Most Popular KA I AC hi
Dining Apart- A JrLl^jT\\uLjJ^
ment in town. nmsBBBBBBBBaHmiMBB
<X>OO<K><>-o<><>o-0-0-
DR.MCNULTY.
H^Hrs well-known and rkliable ot.u
I Special Ist cures Private,!? ervous.Bloodand Skin
Diseases of Men only. ■ Manly Power restored. Over
20 years' experience. Send for Book, Patients
cured at Home. Terms reasonable. Hours, 9 to
. dally; 6:3o to B.3o ev'irs. Sundays, 10 to 12. Consulta-
tion free and sacredly confidential. Call or address
P. ROSCOE McNUIiTY. M. D.. .
£6U Kcarny Strrel. •■••••• «••»•-.. fnl.
gA'VVVWVWWAA/VWAAA^'yWWWNAq;
I AI^RMANENT CURE I
2 of the most obstinate case* of Gonorrhea and 5
< Gleet, guaranteed in from 3 to « <l»ys; noN
C other treatment reqnired, and without the nan->
< seating results of dosing with Cubebi, Copaiba
< or Sandal- Wood. J.Ferre&Co..(»nccea»ortto>
< Brou\. pharniacien, Paris. Atall trugglns. ?
£3 # Cklehe.ter'j E«*U»*> DUaMBd Brand.
PENNYROYAL pills
I _C\ - Original sad Only Cenatn*. <-. a
■ /i/^KV %Art,ainj» reliald*. ladies uk A\
AjLRSa Drugrijt for CXieheitm tnqlUk DU ■jflTVv
iW^pnifC. i mi T Brand Id K«4 ud Chid metallic vUy
"tek/— SVE33I»»e«. sesiad with blo« ribbon. T«k» W
fn «*» V"W»» other. R€fwdan 9 wbttifrf ▼
I/ * fiftimMaiuHmilatvmi. At Drogiiiu, »r es 4 4«, .
I V 2Jr in itampt for p»r:ici>l»ri. uttlaMßlal* uJ i
\mt O "Kollef for I-»rt !<••." in Utter, r«t«rn 1
JSJ /r M»IL IJJ.OOO X^mnM,. AT«i. r££ A
— - rckl<>he.t«r Chemlc*J Co..M»di.o n 8 a n«rfc f
UK to «1 Druuiiu. _. ■ ?Hll«d-v.P» '
fKOPIUM
The pur* essential extract from the native drag, Con-
tains all the valuable medicinal properties of Opium
without !ts noxious elements. No sickness cf stom:v h|
no Tomit ; no c< stivenees ; no headache. All Drain; 1 -*'*PASSED AFTER
LONG DEBATES
Bill Authorizing Appoint
ment of Five Monetary
Commissioners.
This May Lead to International
Conference on Coinage of
Silver and Gold.
Hear of Massachusetts Argued That
the M jirity of All People Favor
the Doable Standard.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 29.— The
Senate to-day by a vote of 40 to 12 agreed
to a motion made by Hale (R.) of Maine
that the adjournment to-day shall be un
til Monday next.
Bacon (D.) of Georgia introduced a joint
resolution declaring that the United
States deprecate war and desire fie main
tenance of peace and friendship with the
world and invitine all civilized nations to
make a corresponding and reciprocal
declaration. He asked that the joint res
olution be referred to the Committee on
Foreign Relations and it was so agreed.
Allen (Pop.) of Nebraska introduced a
-eaolution, which was laid over, declaring
that any judicial sale of the properties of
the Union Pacific without additional leg
islation by Congress would not be binding
on the United States, nor exclude it from
any legal or equitable right vow possessed
therein, if such sale were subsequently
ratified by Congressional action.
The Senate bill for a commission to an
international monetary conference was
brought up and Vilas (D.) of Wisconsm
delivered a prepared speech against it as
a vicious and misleading bill. Three
times, be said, the United States had
caused the "pretty piece" to be acted,
twice at Paris and once at Brussels. The
truth was, and the Senate mi :;ht as well
realize it, that that international farce no
longer pleased Americans. They could
all, or nearly all, be fooled a part of the
time, but the time for such foil; had
passed.
Stewart (P.) of Nevada said that he
could not refrain from tendering the Sen
ator from Wisconsin his sincere congratu
lations. The Senator had eloquently por
trayed what he (Stewart) had always
claimed to be an extreme folly. The
action of foreign powers to regulate do
mestic affairs had always seemed to him
preposterous.
Pet.igrew (silver R.) of South Dakota
said that he protested against the passage
of the bill. First, because this country
was capable of managing its own affairs
without the assistance of any otner na
tion, and second, because He did
not believe the United States should
any longer be suppliants at the
feet of the European nations, which are
the chief beneficiaries of the gold stand
ard, lie declared that he would have no
part in any effort for a further conference
after the humiliation submitted to in the
former conferences. He closed his
speech with a declaration that it was too
humiliating to have the United States
continue to be (in monetary affairs) the
laughingstock of Europe.
Alien (P.) oi Nebraska, while expressing
his confidence that the attempt at inter
national conference would be a contempti
ble failure, thougnt it would be a serious
mistake if the friends of monetary reform
should .obstruct the passage of the Dill in
the slightest degree. One of his friends
on the other side sent one of the most
brilliant of their number (Wolcott) to
Europe to hunt up somebody to confer
with, and no report had been received that
anybody in England or any where else was
willing to confer. He should not vote
for the bill, but he wanted to see it become
a law, although it was wrong.
Carter (R.) of Montana read a prepared
speech in support of the bill, which was,
he said, manifestly prepared to facilitate
euccesa in the movement for bimetallism.
It gave to the President all needed author
ity, unhampered by needless conditions.
He appealed to Cannon (R.) of Utah to
withdraw his amendment, as Stewart
(Pop.) of Nevada had withdrawn his. It
would then devolve on the administration
within the next four years to demonstrate
either its ability to have an international
conference held or that it had failed. The
administration vras entitled to the co
operation of those who would see silver
remonetized either by National or inter
national effort-
Cannon (R.) of Utah declined to with
draw his amendment and spoke in favor
of it.
Chandler asked and obtained unani
mous consent to have the vote taken on
the bill and amendments at 4 o'clock.
The Nicaragua bill having been laid be
fore the Senate Morgan (D.) of Alabama
asked unanimous consent to have the vote
taken at 4 p. m. Tuesday next. Morgan
fave notice that he would ask have the
ill taken up after the routine morning
business on Monday and to continue in
session until the final vote.
Hoar gave notice that alter the Nicar
agua canal bill was out of the way he
would press consideration of the bank
ruptcy bill.
The monetary conference bill was again
taken up, and Bacon (D.) of Georgia ad
vocated nis own amendment, giving spe
cific authority to the President to call a
conference.
Jones (D.) of Arkansas said that the
friends of the measure ought to have ab
solute control of it, and that he would not
vote for v single amendment that they did
not themselves accept, but he had little
faith in their faith.
Shoup (R.) of Idaho advocated the pass
age of the bill free from all amendments
Hoar (R.) of Massachusetts combated
the idea that the possibility of an inter
national monetary arrangement was a
chimera or a dream. He thought that
the eentleman who expressed such an
idea failed to take into consideralion one
of two facts. There was no doubt what
ever that a large majority of the people of
the civilized world was in iavor of the
double standard of gold and silver. There
were a few people in this country like the
Senator from Wisconsin (Viias) who were
not in favor, but the Democratic party,
the Populists and the supporters of Bryan
believed in the double standard, and the
Republican party, so far as it could be
judged, had declared its belief in that
doctrine and had pledged itself to pro
mote it. Another exception to the doc
trine of international bimetallism was the
Benator (Stewart), who did wunt foreign
nations to enjoy bimetallism. That Sena
tor wanted to have money in this country
to poor, cheap and miserable that even a
Japanese or Chinaman would not touch it.
"I do not want it so dear," Stewart in
terposed, "that an American cannot get
Hoar continued at considerable length,
pving h.i experiences and observations
in the financial question in France and
England while he was in those countries
klast summer. "I consider it not at all pos
jlible that Germany under certain circum
ritnnces may join a bimetallic union, even
irithout England. The writer," continued
a . r> "g' v "es his or inion that Russia
would be ready for the same union wnen
jbe time comes, and he quotes a letter
ttom a Russian friend saving that if the
French Government plays its cards he is
sure Kussia will declare for bimetallism.
I do not wish to be understood as saying
thatthii consummation is at hand, but I
mean to say that the time has come for
another effort. It is a crowing opinion.
It will be stronger twelve months hence
than it is now, and it is stronger now than
it was r.velve mciitns ago."
Hoar'- speech attracted great attention
on the floor and in the galleries. It was
followed oy speeches either in advocacy
or in toleration of the measure by
Senators Gallin- er (R.) of New Harnp
'•liire, Blanchaid(D.) of Lousiana, White
(D.) of California, Allison (R.) of lowa
and Gorman (D.) of Maryland. r lhe
latter, relerrinz to the London square
mile, said that within one mile of the
City ri;ili there had been power enough to
stay the consummation of tiimetallifcra
in the United Stales, and that within the
radius of a mile in the city of Paris there
had been power to stay it in Frauce.
"Let the representatives of this coun
try, under this law," Gorman continued,
"go abroad and say that no longer shall
tins power thus concentrated in three or
four great cities throttle all the tree men
of ti e world, but that the American Re
public will march along in the immediate
future to relieve our own people at home."
As Cannon refused to withdraw his
amendment asmng the President of ihe
United States to invite the leading com
mercial nations of tne world to apioiat
representatives to an international mone
tary conference in Washing.on iD October,
1597, Chandler moved to lay it on the
tabie, and tnat motion was agreed to— ayes
41, noe> 8. The negative votes were given
by A<len (Pop.) oi Nebraska, Bate (D.) of
Tennes=e, Bufer (Pod.) of North Caro
lina, Cannon (Pop.) of Utah, Clark (R.) of
Idaho, Pefter (Pop.) of Kansas, Pettigrew
(Sil.) of South Dakota anJ Roach (D.) of
North Dakota.
Bacon's amendment was agreed to and
made tne second section of the bill, and
Stewart withdrew his amendment provid
ing for free coinage of silver within a
montn after tne failure and adjournment
of the Senate. The bili was then passed —
ayes 46, noes 4, the noes being Senators
Allen, Pettigrew. Roach and Vilas.
The Dill to provide for representations of
the United States by commission to th«"
international monetary conference to be
called hereafter as passed is as follows:
Be it enacted by the House and Senate of
the United Sta:es in session assembled that
if after Marcn 4, 1897, the President of the
United States shall uetermine that the United
States should be represented at an interna
tional conference called by the United States
or any other country with a view to securing
by international agreement the fixity of rela
tive value between gold and silver money by
means of a common ratio between those met
ais, with free mintage at such ratio, he is
hereby authorized to appoint five or more
commissioner- to such international confer
ence, and for compensation of said commis
sioners end lor all reasonable expenses con
nected therewith, to be approved by the Secre
tary of the Treasury, including the proportion
to be paid by the United States of joint ex
penses of any such conference, the sum ol
$100,000 or as much thereof as may be neces
sary is hereby appropriated.
Sec 2. That ;ne President of the United
States is authorized in the name of the Gov
ernment of the United States to call in his dis
cretion such conference to assemble at such
point as may be agreed upon.
The Senate bill to insure a full bench in
the court of claims for the hearing of the
cases entitled the United Slates against
La Abra Silver Mining Company and
others, and the United States against
Alice Weil and others, was taken from the
calendar and passed. Also Senate bill to
authorize the entry and patenting of lands
containing petroleum and other mineral
oils under the placer mining laws of the
United States. Also House bill to pre
vent the purchasing of or speculating in
"claims against the Federal Government by
United States officers.
The Senate at 5:25 adjourned until next
Monday.
PANAMA CANAL SLAVERY.
White Laborers Driven Out by Negroes
Imported Under Contract — Starva
tion Wages Paid.
NEW YORK, N. V., Jan. 29.— A dis
patch from Kingston, Jamaica, says: Con
siderable dissatisfaction 'exists among the
laborers on the Panama canal on account
of the recent importation of negro work- !
men under contract for three years at £2 j
a month, with an additional 10 shillings
and 10 pence for sub- head men and head- \
men. They are to work nine hours a day, |
to have full mea.s, medical attendance,
hospital care and maintenance and return
passage at the close of the term.
This arrangement, which is a liberal one
for the Africans, contrasts with the miser
able scale of pay established by the com
pany lor the local men, many of whom
are old canal men and inured to the hard- j
ships of isthmian life. For the ordinary !
laborer $1, Colombian currency, is the
standard rate; headmen and mechanics,
from $1 50 to $1 75; field clerks, from $2 to
$2 50; office clerks, from $2 50 to $3. The
premium on gold is $1 35.
Unsuccessful efforts have been made by
the men to force the company to raise
I their rates, and many are leaving for
Carthagena and Ecuador, where railroad I
work is going on. At attempt at a gen
eral strike on the work was easily over- |
come, owing to the overcrowded state of !
the labor market in the isthmus.
The news that the work on the canal |
had recommenced brought crowds of la- j
borers from all parts of the world, many
of whom are now in a state of semi-siarva- ;
tion.
The operations of the new company are I
at present confined to three sections, cov
ering a distance of seven miles. The work
is being done in a thorough and business
like manner, and the progress already
made is considerable. While the work j
has none of the gigantic proportions it
had under the De Lesseps management,
the business-lite economy exercised and
steady work promise more successful re
sults.
NO GENERAL LEGISLATION.
The Extra Session of Congress Will Be
lor the Specific Purpose of Pass
ing a Revenue Bill.
NEW YORK, N. V., Jan. 29.— A Times
special from Washington says: Chairman
Dingley of the Ways and Means Commit
tee, outlining yesterday the programme
ol' the administration at the coming extra
session of Congress, said: "There will be
no general legislation during the extra
session. President McKinley will call
Congress in extraordinary session for the
specific purpose or passing a revenue bill.
When we meet in March the bill will be
ready to present to the House and it will
be passed within thirty days and sent to
the Senate. Nothing cisc will be done by
the House. We will adjourn from day to
day, or take three Hays' adjournments, ac
cording to the provision of the constitu
tion.
"The eyes of the country will be on the
Senate alone. The Hou^-e wiil not con
sider pension bills, nor enter into any
general legislation. We will simply re
main nominally in session until the Sen
ate readies a conclusion on the revenue
bill, and then the measure will go into a
conference, where it will be penected in a
manner to suit both houses of Congress.
I do not believe that the Senate will force
a long session when nothing is under con
sideration except the tariff bill."
The sugar trust lobby is on the ground,
headed by Searles, its legislative repre
sentative. The Ways and Means Com
mittee has eot down to the sugar schedule
in a provisional, preliminary way, and the
sugar interests appear promptly on tbe
scene.
Murdered by an Amoroii* Coachman.
CHICAGO, 111.. Jan. 29.— Albert Cun
ning, a coachman, shot and instantly
killed Mrs. Mary Benning at her home on
State street this morning. He then at
tempted to shoot the woman's two boys,
and failing, fatally shot himself. He had
undue liking for Mrs. Benning, who did
not reciprocate and who had forced him
to leave her house.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JANUARY 30, 1897.
RED-HOT TALK
IN THE HOUSE
Defeat of the Bill Relating
to the Atlantic and
Pacific.
Powers of Vermont Is Severely
Scored for His Peculiar
Railroad Record.
i Barrett Also Says Considerable About
Fraud and Watering Railway
Siocks.
WASHINGTON. D. C, Jan. 29.— 1n the
House to-day Powers (R.) of Vermont
called up the report oi the conferees on
the bill constituting a new corporation for
! the purchasers ol the Atlantic and Pacific
Railway and explained the purposes of
the agreement. Powers used the state
ment prepared by the conferees of the
first conclusions reached by them as a
basis of his remarks.
Terry (D.) of Arkansas said the report
sboula not be adopted, for the reason
that it did not suffici-ntly protect tne
creditors of the old corporation.
Lacey (R.) of lowa condemned the re
port, sayine it yielded every point made
by the House amendments. The adop
tion of the report was advocated by Harri
son (D.) of Alabama, one of the conferees.
Powers raised the previous question on
the adoption of the report. Tuis was an
j tagonized by Barrett and the motion
i failed.
Barrett then got the floor. He said that
no railroad had ever been built whose his
tory was so black with fraud and dishonor
as the Atlantic and Pacific. The confer
ees' report would enable the managers in
the proposed ieorgnnization to continue
the policy ot that history in the future;
$16,000,000 of first mortgage bonds of the
Atlantic and Pacific have already been
placed by the reorganization committee
with the Atcaison, Topeka and Santa Fe
Railroad Company for the payment of
$10,600,000. That company was already
practically the owner of the Atlantic and
Pacific, and by the report the directors of
that corporation, who had cheated the
constituents of the Government out of
millions of dollars, are to be authorized to
issue $59,000,000 stock on a property that
cost them but $10,600,000. How can the legis
lative committee consistently provide pun
ishment for men who indulge in these
schemes for defrauding their fellow-citi
zens when it approves legislation enabling
such stock-watering transactions as this?
Cook (R.) of Illinois spoke against the
adoption of the report, as did alsoßae(D.)
of Arkansas. Grout (R.) of Vermont ana
Blue (R.) of Kansas favored it.
Flyun (R.) of Oklahoma said he felt the
necessity of Congress granting a Federal
charter 10 the corporation in order that it
might opera.c the road through his terri
tory. The people living along the line of
the railroad were not responsible for the
immense capitalization of which the
gentleman from Massachusetts (Barrett)
complained. That was done by residents
of Massachusetts, who had sold the stock
to servant-girls of New England, who were
bankrupted by the management of these
gentlemen.
Grout (R.) of Vermont, referring to Bar
rett's statenient'that the road had been
practically sold for $10,000,000 to the Santa
Fe, said that the acuon involved only one
division of the road, not the entire line.
The argument for tne adoption of the
report was closed by Powers. Barrett
also responding to Judge Powers denied
having any interest in the till except
which arose from his connection with leg
islation while a member of the Massa
chusetts court, which made the proposi
tions contained in th« report illegal and
in his opinion subjected them to suspicion
everywhere.
Referring to Powers' remaiks concern
ing himseii Barrett reviewed that gentle
man's career as chairman of the Commit
tee on Pacific Railroads since he (Barrett)
had been a member of the House.
"In that time,' said he, "no proposi
tion however idangerous to tlie Nation
nor how advantageous to the corporations
had failed to receive his support."
In support he cited the decision on the
Pacific railroad funding bill.
Replying to the assertion by Judge
Powers that railroad wreckint* had been
practiced by the people of Boston and
I vicinity, Barrett repelled the charges, say
ing that iv no State of the Union were tne
; rights of property so well and thoroughly
i respected as in Massachusetts.
'•The gentleman," be continued, "comes
here with the record and reputation of a
long period of service on the Supreme
Court of that State. Talk of railroad
wrecking! Where can anything in that
line be found equal to the history of the
Central Railroad of Vermont after a series
of receiverships conuuettd by the Su
preme Court? Ask any honest man of
that State who invested his money in the
securities of that corporation and wai
robbed of it by the decisions of that tri
bunal, which have not met the approval
of any respectable court iv any other jur
isdiction."
Grout (R.) of Vermont suggested that it
was not desirable to renew the war of the
States here.
Barrett — I inaugurated no war. It was
begun by the gentleman's colleague.
[Cries of "Goon, Barrett."!
Barrett said he imputed no dishonor
able motives to the legislators of Vermont,
i but he did not forget that that body was
| the creation of the people and that the in
fluence of the railroad corporations was
the most potent and powerful that found
expression. The record of that railroad
j receivership and of the court, he con
i tinued, was such as to cause the sons of
the Green Mountain State to blush for it.
The report of the committee was re
jected—7l to 143.
The House voted to insist upon its
amendments to the bill and also to insist
upon the insertion of a provision giving
further protection to the creditors of the
old corporation, especially those holding
claims for labor and materials.
Tbe agriculture bill was then taken up
and Hardy (R.) of Indiana, under the hve
ininute rule, began reading a speech in
favor of the acquisition of Cuba by the
United States. At the end of five minutes
tbe chairman's gavel fell, whereupon Tal
bert (D.) of South Carolina suggested that
the gentleman be allowed "to proceed a
few minutes longer before he Bays any
thing." [Laughter.]
W. A. Stone (R.) of Pennsylvania asked
unanimous consent for Hardy to proceed.
Howe (R.) of New York objected, "We
are here to discuss the agriculture appro
priation bill, and I object to this waste of
tim-."
"Then, Mr. Chairman," said Hardy,
pounding the desk, his face reddenmc, "I
give notice that no bill goes through the
House by unanimous consent for the rest
of this session."
While the next paragraph was being
read various members who were con
cerned over the probable effects of ihe en
forcement of Hardy's declaration pointed
out the way by which he could get an op
portunity to continue his remarks.
At the conclusion of the reading of the
paragraph the gentleman from Indiana
was on bis feet, and his cry of "Mr. Chair
man!" gave him instant recognition to
move to "strike out the last word" and
proceeded with his speech.-
The committee rose without concluding
consideration of the bill and took a recess
until 8 p. M.
MAD MASTIFF RUNS AMUCK.
Many Persons Lacerated in the Streets of
Wheeling, W. Va., Whose Citizens
Are Terror- Stricken.
NEW YORK. H. V., Jan. 29.— A Herald
special from Wheeling, W. Va. says: This
city has been in a state of terror for twen
ty-four hours on account of a masiiff
which has been running amuck, afflicted
with rabies, biting and snapping at all
who came in bis way.
The animal tirst appeared about Tues
day or Wednesday night in the Second
Ward, where his actions aroused great
alarm and caused the authorities to send
in an alarm to all policemen.
The dog was a powerful beast, and
when he attacked Margaret Schell, an 11
--year-old girl, she was completely at his
mercy. He chewed her forehead and
cheek, making * wound from which the
blood flowed freely. A policeman tried to
kill the beast but could not gst a shot be
cause of the crowds.
Tiie dog was next heard of half a mile
away, where he attached Richard Kenney,
biting him through the nose. He next
attacked Victor Bauer, a mail- wagon
driver, lacerating bisneck and face badiy .
Bauer was alone, and though quite a
strong man he could do little against the
brute. '
Harry Freeze, a 16-year-old boy, was
attacked soon after daylight near the Fifth
Ward market and was bitten through the
arm.
John Speidell met the doe in the Fifth
Ward a little later and escaped into a
house, but not until he had been badly
scratched on the hand by tbe dog's teeth.
±Jy this time the police had been massed
from all parts of the city and were hunting
the dog.
Charles Zimmerman was the first to en
counter him. He tried to shoot the dog,
but it sprang at him and, as he fired, took
tbe revolver and nearly the wnole of the
policeman's right hand into his mouth.
His sharp teeth cut through the flesh,
making a ragged wound in the hand. Four
more bullets ended the dog's life.
The police have been busy all day.V.illing
dogs which it was supDosod had been bit
ten by the dog. Several people other than
those named were bitten or received
scratches from t;>e mad dog, and four or
five had their clothing torn, two men
having their coats stripped from their
backs.
A movement has been started to send
the dog's victims to New York for treat
ment.
MET A SHOCKING DEATH.
An Ironworker Burned to a Crisp While
Making Repairs to the Boilers
of a Steamship.
NEW YORK, N. V., Jan. 29.— John
Connors, 50 years old, met a shocking
death yesterday on the steamship Eastern
Prince of the Knott line, lying at the East
Central Pier at Atlantic dock, Brooklyn.
The vessel arrived last Tuesday from
Brazil with her boilers strained from the
effects of the storm. Connors was in the
employ of the Mott Iron Works, in South
Brooklyn, and was sent yesterday with
several other employes to make necessary
repairs to the interior of one of the
boilers.
Belore beginning operations the men
lowered into the boiler a charcoal furnace,
with which the iron work was to be
heated. Connors climbed through the
ruannole, the only means by which an en
trance to the boiler conld be gained, and
was lowered to the bottom at 11 o'clock.
When the factory whistle announced the
noon hour one of the workmen climbed to
the top of the boiler and shouted to Con
nors. There was no reply.
A workman was lowered Into the boiler
and Connors was found lying dead across
tue furnace. The rescuer dragged him
from the furnace and beat out the flames.
Then the boiler was so full of charcoal
fumes that lie had to seek the open air.
The upper part of the man's body was
burned U> a crisp.
He had evidently been overcome by the
fumes and had lallen on the furnace. The
task of removing the body from the boiler
was difficult. A derrick was rigged and
the men worked two hours before the body
was finally rescued.
Several were partly overcome by the
fumes of charcoal and had to be lifted
from the boiler.
TWO SWIXDisEItS A.RHBSTED.
Tried to Sell forged Hondt of a Denver
Mining < ompany.
CHICAGO, 111., Jan. 29.— 5. W. Mar
shall and A. S. \\ nit man are under arrest
here cnprged with forgery and conspiracy
to defraud. It is charged that the two
men conspired to defrau 1 the First
National Bank out of $30u0 by trying to
sell it forged gold-ruining bonds.
Marshall claims to be a mine-owner.
W hitman is a resident of Chicago.
Marshall c ed at the First National
Bank the latte* part of last week in com
pany with Whitman. The former had a
quantity of gold mining stock on which
ne wanted to raise some money.
The manager of the bond department
said the bank was willing to take the
bonds if they were all right and requested
that they be lett at the bank to be verified.
They are bonds of a well-known mining
stocit company of Denver and listed up
high in the Colorado Mining Exchange.
Communication with the company in
Denver brought the response that the
bonds were worthless, as the numbers
had been raised and me signatures forged.
JLRT AT SIAG «WG.
Clatae* in Drawing and Sculpture to Be
J£itabll*hed.
NEW YORK, N. V., Jan. 29.— With
the intention of providing something to
occupy the minds of the convicts at Sing
Sing, a class in drawine will be started
next Monday.
Among the convicts is an artist and
architect. The long term prisoners who
show they have any aptitude will De put
to work under the guidance of this con
vict professor.
There is slso in Sing Sing an Italian
sculptor, who will start a class in model
ing clay and wax. There is no telling
how many future great artists will owe
fame and fortune to the Sing Sing school.
STB EL BILLET rOOL UISSVI, V ED.
Manufacturers Meet, Hut Fail to Settle
Their Differences.
PITTSBURG, Pa., Jan. 29.— The Ameri
can Bessemer Association, or. billet pool,'
went into session this morning. The
special committee appointed to conciliate
dissatisfied members reported that it Mad
seen all the firms. Some refused to enter
into any agreement, while others would
entertain no proposition except selling
tonnage to a new pooL The report was
discussed in a heated manner, but no final
action was taken. Complete disorganiza
tion is expected by some of the partici
pating manufacturers.
The meeting ended in the dissolution of
the pool this afternoon. •• ■ ......
Senator JPerkin* Goes to JVetr York.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 29.—
Senator Perkins of California has gone to
New York to attend a meeting of the
committee appointed by representatives
of the American shipping interests to
agree upon legislation tube recommended
to Congress to benefit the merchant
marine of the United States.
fTife Murdrr and t>uin<ie.
CLEVELAND, Ohio, Jan. 29.— Early
this morning Williard Coiton of Sybley
street shot and instantly killed hia wife
Clarissa, aged 52, and then shot and killed
himself. The tragedy was the remit of a
quarrel.
DIES IN SEARCH
OF A QUARREL
Notorious Percy Douglas
of Bakersfiald Shot
to Death.
Breaks Into Fire Chief Willows'
Room and Is Stopped by
Buckshot.
Abrupt Ending cf the Career of a
Man Who Reveled in
Crime.
BAKERSFIELD, Cal., Jan. 29.— Ed
Wiliows shot and tilled the notorious
Percy Douclas shortly after 7 o'clock this
evening. The shooting took place at Wil
lows' room over the athletic building on
X street. Douglas had been on a spree
for three weeks past, and during this time
displayed an unusually utly temper, ter
rorizing with "gun plays" every one he
imagined he had a spite against. Some
time ago he threatened Willows' life, be
cause Willows assisted in jailing him some
time ago, and he- threatened the lives of
several officers.
Douglas was in the Palm Garden saloon,
a block from where the killing occurred,
and while there became troublesome. He
left the saloon, and, it is supposed, walked
directiy to Willows' room. On arriving
there he knocked at the door ana called
for Wihows, who answered him by advis
ing him to go away, saying he did not
want to have trouble. Douglas proceeded
to kick the door in. As soon as h« bad
forced it open he received a charge of
buckshot from a sawed-off shotgun in
Willows' hands. The charge took effect
in the neighborhood of the heart. Doug
las staggered back several feet along the
ball and fell forward on bis face, dying
instantly.
W T illows left the place and surrendered
himself to the officers. Coroner Helm
was called. When he arrived he found
the body lying on its face in a pool of
blood. The dead man's pistol was out of
its holster, lying under the body on the
floor, and his right hand was resting on it,
showing conclusively that he went to Wil
lows' room intent on a fight. Douglas
never went without the weapon.
Douglas' tragic end occasions no sur
prise. For years it has been prophesied
that he would "die with Ins boots on."
Off and on since the early eighties he has
been a terror to this community. In 1886
lie deliberately killed a Mexican on Nine
teenth street. For this crime tie served
two years in San Quentin. bhortly after
leaving prison he shot a brakernan in
Fresno County, and for this he got eight
years in Folsom. Atter serving three years
of the term lie was pardoned by Governor
Markham. For awhile afterward He was
quite peac^lul, then he resumed his des
perate career. When sober he acted as a
gentleman. He was a miner by occupa
tion, hut of late conducted the City Brew
ery.
Edward Willows, who fired the fatal
shot, is the Chief of t'.:e Fire Department,
and a man of grit and nerve.
"Some one had to do it," he said. "I
am sorry it was I."
TUOLUMNE COUNTY ROBBED.
Figures on a Warrant in the Treasurer's
Office " Raised " by a Clever
Penman.
SONORA, Cal., Jan. 29.— Sonora's busi
ness men were somewhat startled to-day
by a story in the Union Democrat to the
effect that a warrant had been raised in
the County Treasurer's office, and that al
ready several depositors had withdrawn
their accounts, the treasury being located
in a local bank. The article as printed in
tne Democrat was, in part, as follows:
The Board of Supervisors, in making out Its
semi-annual report last week, detected a war
rant that had been raised from $2 to $12. It
was drawn on. a claim presented by Oscar
I Crabtree for labor performed oa the road iv
district 5. That gentlemen was summoned
before the board and questioned by the mem
bers. It was c.ear, however, from the start
that the handy man with the pen must have
been located in the Treasurer's office. ' The
warrant was numbered 1306, and was issued
on December 1 by Clerk Ortega for $2, as
shown by the stub In the warrant-boot kept
! by him. It was cashed by Mr. Crabtree, he
i beiug paid by Treasurer Wells, who entered
i the warrant iv the warrant register. It was
after this that the crooked work was done,
and that by somebody having free access to
I the warrant-oook In the Treasurer's posses
sion. A figure "1" was iusened before the '•2"
I in the blank space for the amount on the up
| per left-hand corner.
An examination of the warrant register re-
I vealed the fact that that book had been tam
pered with and that tne $2 paid to Crabtree
was made to correspond with the raised war
rant by inserting a "1" before the "2." The
page of the register where this warrant was
entered was filled out by Mr. Wells. When
questioned by the Supervisors ne was quite
positive that it was entirely correct, but wnen
! the item was shown to him he promptly de
clared that another hand than his had made
the figure. He informed tue board that he
woula repay the $10 and investigate the mat
ter further for his own protection.
Besides Mr. and Mrs. Wells the bank has no
attaches but a young man named Edward
Burden, who is said to have lived a last life.
The Supervisors have placed the matter in the
District, Attorney's hands for further investi
gation.
The flurry in business circle?" has not
been caused by the loss of $10 to the
county, but by the fear that an investiga
tion will show much larger operations.
SAN /HA TEG'S GRAND JURY.
Charges of Partiality Against the Board
of Education Found to Have Been
Unwarranted.
REDWOOD CITY, Cal., Jan. 29.— The
Grand Jury has riled its report with the
County Clerk. It includes that of Expert
William S. Jack, who was appointed to
examine the books of the county official*,
and Expert G. W. Beattie, appointed to
investigate the controversy which has
arisen over the marking of the examina
tion papers by the Board of Education.
It is quite voluminous, comprising 150
pages of type-written matter.
Tne report recommends that the statute
compelling the recording of births, mar
riages and deaths should be strictly en
forced. It urges greater strictness in the
issuance of burial permits. In view of the
promiscuous slaughter of game in and out
of season it recommends the appointment
of a fish and game warden. It indorses
the report of G. W. Beat tie, special expert
in the school controversy, whose report
shows that there is not the slightest evi
dence in the papers examined by the
County Board of Education proving that
the board was willinc to do injustice to
any pupil, and though there are some dis
crepancies and irregularities in the mark
ings yet they are frequently in favor of
KeUwood City pupils. Notning was found
which would indicate a eenerai disDoai
tion to favor the pupils of one town rather
than those of anotuer.
GENTLE RAIN IN THE SOUTH.
Ranchers and Orchardists Jubilant Over
the Excellent Outlook for
Abundant Crops.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Jan. 29.— A een
tle rain fell over most of Southern Cali
fornia this forenoon to the gratification of
ranchers and orchardists. The precipita
tion last night and this forenoon reached
nearly an inch, making nine inches for
the season, against five last year. This
seems to be the year for the agriculturist
to dp joyfui. Whenever he wants a littie
rain it comes. So fur it has been a great
year for crops, and the outlook for an
abundant yield never looked brighter.
There was no particular need of rain at
this juncture, but it has come just the
same, and it is welcome.
Reports from the country are to the
effect that grain is growing rapidly and
is far advanced for this season of the year.
Tne orchards and gardens are also look
ing in excellent condition.
The rain to-day was of the drizzle order,
although for a few moments, between 11
and 12 o'clock, it came down in a lively
fashion, bringing out umbrellas, filling
the cutters with water, and keeping cus
tomers in the stores.
VIS ALIA, Cal., Jan. 29.— At noon to
NEW TO-DAY.
vUHn gWk ■JJ OJ "5j *™_
CASH STORE
•^PL— Wf INVITES CITY AND COUNTRY TO SHARE
§Px "~ ALIKE ITS BENEFITS.
FINEST CKANBERRIES in town, quart Be, gallon - 300
| BEST CALIFORNIA MACARONI, or other paste, Ib - - So
HOMEOPATHIC COCOA, per tin -Eg - - - ISO
MINER'S GROUND CHOCOLATE, tin - - - - 200
PURE CANDIES, 35c grade, to introduce, Mondays only, *2 So
EXTRA FINE BASKET FIRED TEA, Ib. - - - 300
RASPBERRIES, heavy syrup, new orchard pack, tin - - SO
TOMATOES, Columbus brand, new goods, tins - - - SO
WESTERN REFINERY SYRUP, for cooking, 5-gal. kegs, 6SO
PURE. HOME-MADE JELLIES, in glass, new - - 100
ONLY PURE JELLIES, in tin, our Fidelity, 2-Ib. - X SO
CANDLES, good for house use, 30 for - - - 25c
TAPIOCA, SAGO or PEARL TAPIOCA, Ib. - - - - SO
$5000 worth Best Imported DECORATED SEMI-
| PORCELAIN, ENAMELED and FLOWN BLUE
WARE at wholesale import cost, best patterns less -Qg °/ o
A lot of goods QC 07 H^CII*MfIT \T FREE city d»-
damaged in mov- /.I m/ I jog /I IPi M I all. livery* prompt
I ing o.i "Asis" £m\3 Mm I lillllllUl V# 11 cuun.ry sliip-
( Table at quarter . . NEAR THE FERRY. inents. Discount
lIJm^L— — i m "KKGILAU" PRICES. ■■hwumi'i.h.ii
TOE SO™ Y CJILL.
The Great Family Newspaper
'•■■ 'of the Pacific Coast
f^innnr^innnro'inrßTnnf'inr jrainrdinnnrjf innnnrff n jrsinnnr&''jnrjnnrs ~c\
||| JHE TYPIG/\L UNION SOLDIER 'f |;
ll' OF TO-DAy. 1 3
1 1 J^EW BIKE JH/\J , BEAJS JHE 13
1 1 1 WORLD for SIZE a^d JIJVJE. 1 1
II /\ GAMINE FIRE FIQHJER TH/IT 1 1
II ■ H^AS SAVED TWO /IOMES 1 1
II FROM FLAMES. ||
iff J^RILLI|iq STORY OF LIFE ON -||
I i THE RJUU. .-31
IS S/UJRI/\J4S TH/\J RIDE JJM li
I 1 f ALAGE CARS. ; ;, . | 3
"THE CALL" SPEAKS FOR ALL
day a heavy storm of thunder, liehtning
and rain came up, and in a short time
.94 of an inch of water fell. Hail fell out
in the country, but did no damage. This
was tho heaviest rainfall seen here in
years.
Santa Barbara Man's liuek.
SANTA BARBARA, Cal., Jan. 29.—
E. P. Stevens, for several years employed
as engineer in a planing-mill in this city,
ha*, through the death of an aunt in
Massachusetts, fallen heir to $1,500,000.
It seems the aunt took an interest in the
boy from his childhood, and gave him the
name of Edward Poor, or Poor Edward ss
she called him, and at her death left him
the bulk of her fortune.
Sau*alito Man Keconir* Jntane.
SAN RAFAEL, Cal.. Jan. 29.— Domingo
Kegalli was to-day committed to the in
sane asylum. He has lived at Sausalito
for several years, and is sober and in
dustrious, but in the last two days be
came violent and dangerous. He ceased
some school children, ana when Deputy
Marshal G rover attempted to take him in,
he bit the officer's hand severely.
Itanth of a Hettred Surgton.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 29.— The
War Department has been notified that
Colonel Thomas McPartin, surgeon, re
tired, died at Annapolis yesterday.
34
GOVERNOR SADLER
SIGNS THE BILL
Prize-Fighters Welcomed
to the Sagebrush
State.
Rival Cities Already Striving
for the Corbett-Fitz3immons
Contest.
Th 3 Executive Declares Pugilism
N.t Half as Brutal es
Football.
CARSON, Nev.. Jan. 29.— The prize-fight
bill was signed by Governor Sadler at 2:02
o'clock to-day and the news was on the
wire two mmutes later. The promoters
of the scheme had arranged a signal by
■which they could communicate with a
man in front of the telegraph office.
After the pen which signed the bill was
laid aside the agent of an Eastern paper
was on deck wits a camera to take a
photoeraph of the Dill as it came from the
Enrolling Committee. He was not al
lowed to do so, however. Governor
Sadler, when asked his reasons lor sign
ing the bill, said:
"It was passed by a decisive majority in
both houses. I received teieerams and
letters from all over the State for and
against the bill and the petitions, letters
and dispatches stood about 18 to 1 in favor
of rhe bill." Public sentiment is for it and
I believe it wiil bring not only a great
deal of money to the State, but it will
bring moneyed men here who will be able
to personall> investigate our resources.
The license— $1000 — is high enough to
Bhut out everything but the big affairs,
and the big affairs will because of the
high price of admission bring only the
better ciass of sports.
"Glove contests are taking place nearly
every day in the leading cities of the
Union. Men in all the walks of life attend
them and they must enjoy them or they
would not pay to go. The East cannot
hold ud its hands and call us 'wild and
woolly,' for New York, and even the
Quaker City have them. Glove contests
are not half as brutal as football."
"What if they had attempted to pull the
fight off without passing the bill?"
;> I should have enforced the old law, no
matter what it cost the State to do so."
"Would you have called out the
troops?"
•'I would if occasion called for such a
course."
"Will you protect persons who promote
fistic encounters in Nevada, should they
comply with the law?''
"\'es. They will receive whatever offi
cial protection it is in my power to
grant." •
WBAT HE.\O CAS OFFER.
Residents Believe Their Town Will Get
the Big Content.
RENO, Nevada, Jan. 29.— Prize-fight
talk still occupies the almost undivided
attention of Reno residents, and now that
Governor Sadler has signed the bill legal
izing contests in Nevada every resident of
Reno is on the alert to prove that his
town should be selected as the location of
the battle-ground. Inquiries from several
quarters as to how many persons could be
accommodated in Reno were received
here to-day. The answers sent to all were
that at least 2500 or 3000 strangers couid
be easily housed, and under a pinch
double this number could be accommo
dated.
Everything indicates that Reno will be
chosen for the Corbett-Fitzsimmons fight.
It is on a main-line railroad, has the
largest population of any town in the
State, has tbe only telegraph facilities for
handling the long accounts for the press,
and has old prison wails, which with lit
tle expense couid be made to accommo
date thousands of people.
CORBETT COMI\G WESTWARD.
May Train at Denrer for Hl* Vnpleai
antnutiM With Lanky Sob.
CHICAGO, 111., Jan. 29.— James J. Cor
bett, who is to fight Fitzsimmons in Ne
vada on March 17, said to-night to a
reporter for the United Associated
Presses:
"I shall close my theatrical engage
ments at Kansas City a week from to-mor
row. Then I will make arrangements so
that I can get a full six weeks of prepara
tion for tbe mil). 1 intend to send a man
ahead of me to mate ail arrangements for
training quarters. I may train in Denver
or some other place at high altitude, and
I don't know whether I shall go to Ne
vada much ahead of the day fixed for the
fight.
"I have received no notification from
Stuart as to the location of the ring and I
don't care where it is. I suppose Stuart
is waiting until he has the exact place de
cided upon. I don't need more than a
month's training and I can pacs up my
apparatus at an hour's notice and go to
wherever tbe place is to be. I have no
•tip' from Stuart as to wnere the right will
take place.
"The signing of the bill by the Governor
of Nevada was unknown to me, but I pre
sume that it means that the fight will be
brought off in that State."
DOMESTIC TRAGEDY IN UTAH.
Bartholomew Race of Cos hen Kills H s
Wife on Her Sickbed and Then
Fatally Shoots Himself.
SALT LAKE, Utah, Jan. 29.—Bar
tholomew Race of Goshen, this State,
to-day shot and killed his wife and then
put a bullet through his head with fatal
results.
Mrs. Race was sick in bed, havinp only
twenty-fonr hours before given birth to a
child. When the nur9e temporarily left
tne house. Race told his wile that he was
going to kill himself and that as be did
not want to leave her he had made up his
mind to kill her also.
The children say their mother pleaded
piteously for her life, but their father put
a pistol to her head and blew out her
brains and then turned the weapon upon
his own temple. The powder ignited the
bedclothes and the new-born baby ana
the eight other children who were locked
in the room were narrowly saved from
cremation by the neighbors.
II irf nip's Suit for Damages.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Jan. 29.— Suit for
$25,000 damages has been begun by the
widow of C. C. Odell against the Los
Aneeles Electric Lighting and Railway
Company.
Odell was a conductor, and while tele
phoning a report from the end of the line
to the superintendent received a shccfc of
electricity that killed him instantly. The
accident was caused by a wire of the light
ing company breitkmg and striking the
telV phoTiP wire, Odell receiving about 5000
volts in his ear.
SAN JOSE GRADUATES.
Fifty-Two Nor/nut School Students End
Their Labors and Riceiva
D p lorn as.
SAN JOSE. Cxi*, Jan. 29.— The gradu
ating exercises of the class of ' 97 were held
at the State Normal School this afternoon.
The assembly hall was filled with friends
and relatives of rtie students. The pro
gramme was as follows: Chorus,"ln Thee,
O lord"; prayer, Rev. Dr. Dinsmore;
quartet, "The Evening Belis"; awarding
of diplomas; anthem, "Even Me"; ad
dress by Profes^r William H. Hudson on
"Margin ot Life" ; trio, "Row Us Swiftly";
farewell address, Principa' A. H. Randall.
The. graduates, fifty-two in number,
were: Martha Albright, Ada J. Allen,
Camille Allison, Maud L. Beaton, Luin I.
Beebe, Bonnie Berbrow, Amelia Berry
essa, Elizabeth J. Bonien, Thomas E. Bor
den. Beth Buckley. Delia Barnes, Adalia
J. Campiglia, Frank Carll, Erta C. Cas
tillo. Edna F. Comstock, Joseph W.
Crow, Frances H. Cutting, Julia A.
Dahlgren, May Eva Davis, Mabel B.
Dowse, Ju:ia E. Farney, Annie B. Freitas,
Mary L. Gliddon, Mary L. Hammerly,
Uobart W. jleiken, Bessie M. Johnson,
Anna V. King. Bertha M. Kuck, Letitia
N. Mackay, Kate A. Melone, Flora E.
Meyers, Aimee M. PfeiKenberjrer, Clara
15. Plumb, Mabel -F. Pockman, Fannie B.
Rice, Eva J. Russeil, Alice Russell, Belle
Schoen, Anna If. Schulz, Annie L.
Schwab, Aobie Simons. Helen A. Stewart,
Alice.J. Stirling, Mahel W. Thomas, Mary
R. Tuttle, Annette Tvchson, Florence B.
Ulch, Cariie L. "Wagner, A. Effie Wells,
Jennie M. White, Estclle Wliitehurst and
Eldana A. Wilson.
Thisevenins a reception was given at
Turn Verein Hall.
SAN JOSE'S CHARTER FIGHT.
Personal Canvass to Be Conducted Among
the Voters of the Garden
City.
SAN JOSE, Jan. 29.— An enthusiastic
meeting of the New Charter Club was h^ld
last evening:. It was reported that 6000
pamphlets containing a clear and concise
synopsis of the new charter were being
printed and would be ready for distribu
tion next Wednesday.
It was decided to give the distribution
of these pamphlets into the hands of the
t recinct workers, and all voters of the
city who cannot be reached personally
will be sent copies of the documents
through the mails.
The importance of a personal canvass of
the voters so that any objections to the
charter that might be made could be met
and overcome was recognized. F. C. En
sign reported that he had seen 100 voters
in nis precinct and of these only two ex
pressed themselves as being opposed to
the charter.
Similar encouraging reports were re
ceived from others.
Mayor Koch statsd that there was po
doubt thai the Common Council at its
meeting next Monday evening would pass
an ordinance calling for an election upon
the new charter to be held on Febru #
ary 23.
It was decided to hold a number of
mass-meetin:s during the campaign. It
was reported that President Jordan of
Stanford and Mayor Phelan o( San Fran
cisco could be engaged for one meeting,
and that occasion will he made a grand
rally of the new charter forces.
rVXERJL OF I..4WXER TTJLCOX.
Santa Clara Bar Association Honors
SAN JOSE, Cal., Jan. 29.— The funeral
of Charles F. Wilcox, tne attorney who
killed himself on Wednesday afternoon,
was held to-day, and was largely attended.
Services were held in St. Joseph'i Church,
where reqniem high mass was celebrated
by Rev. Father Riordan of Santa dara
College, assisted by Fathers Walsh and
Mahoney. 'I he interment was in the Los
Gatos Cemetery. The pall-bearers were:
Joseph R. Ryland, Nicholas. Bowden,
James H. Campbell, William P. Veuve.
Jackson Hatch, A. L. Sage, C. W. Quilty
and P. L. Lineban.
Both departments of the Superior Court
and Justices' courts adjourned to-day out
of respect to the memory of the well
known attorney. Tbe Santa Clara Bar
Association was present almost in a body.
&EYEX CAHLOAVS OF BRAXItY.
Moit Valuable Contionment Ever Shipped
From the Coast.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Jan. 29.— Seven car
loads of brandy were shipped from this
city to Philadelphia yesterday by the
Naglee estate. Tbe shipment was in casks
and consisted oi over 27,000 gallons. This
is one of tbe largest and most valuable
consignments of liquor ever forwarded
from the Pacific Coast. The brandy is
from fifteen to twenty years old. At the
present market value the liquor is valued
at nearly $200,000. The shipment is con
fined to one of the Naglee heirs, and is a
move in th» distribution of the vast estate
of the late General Naglee.
Affriculturitts to Incorporate.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Jan. 29.— The life
members of tbe Santa Clara Valley Agri
cultural Society at a meeting yesterday
afternoon decided to dissolve the society
and to incorporate under the laws of the
State. Thij action is taken so that the
benefits of the members could be in
creased and the scope of the organization
extended, which the present laws would
not permit. The property of the society
is valued at $100,000, against which there
is a $12,000 debt. A meeting will be neld
February 11 to merge the society into a
corporation.
In Command of the Volunteers.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Jan. 29.— Captain and
Mrs. Railton of OaKland have taken com
mand of the local post of American Vol
unteers. They Held their first meeting
last evening. The po3t is in excellent con
dition and its meetings are largely at
tended. Organization was recently formu
lated and officers were elected under the
new ruJes that were adopted at the meet
ing of the Supreme Council in New York.
There is a band of twelve pieces in con
nection with the po*t.
Juiced to lie ltnpritoned.
SAN JOSE, Cal , Jan. 29.— George D.
Brandeth, who applied at the police
station yesterday morning to be locked
up, as he was possessed of a desire to com
mit suicide, was this morning arraigned
before Justice Goss on a charge of being
drunk and given thirty aays' imprison
ment in the City Jail. This sentence was
at the request of Brandeth. who said he
wished to be locked up long enough to
get the liquor out of hit system.
Cycler* a* Jturned-Corte Artist*.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Jan. 29.— The min
strel performance of toe Garden City
Cyclers at the Auditorium this evening
prov?ti a grand success. The show was
first class and in many respects superior
;o those given by professional minstrels.
A large audience was present.
Jfffri't I'halleng** Shnrk«y.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Jan. 29.— "Jim"
Jeffries, the local heavy-weight, has chal
lenged Sharkey to a finish contest before
any club offering the best purse and for a
side bet of $1000. : .
■. . ♦ — * — - . .'
It cures all kinds of i olds, and It isn't a " nasty
medicine." : Children liKe it— Dr.* D. Jayne's
Expectorant. ''\s6&ti£& ■ i■ ' ■ '■ '
...Tiiey set the system ricUt-Jay ne'3 Sanative Pills t
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JANUARY 30, 1897.
THESE TO TALK
FOR STANFORD
Members of the Intercol
legiate Debating Team
Selected.
Miss Stebbins One of the Trio
to Contest With Berkeley
Orators.
Juniors Morgan and Switzsr Are
• Award3d the Other Two
Positions.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Cal., Jan.
29.— 1n spite of the inclement weatner, a
good-sized audience attended tise last of
the preliminary debates held in the chapel
this evening. The subject of the debate
was: "Resolved, that a system of muni
cipal government concentrating all execu
tive and administrative power in the
Mayor should be adopted in San Fran
cisco."
At the close of the debate the judges
withdrew to hold a private consultation
before delivering their decision. Profes
sors Brun, Barnes and Ross acted as
judges ana Dr. Abbott presided. As the
result to their deliberations J. M. Switzer,
A. M. Morgan aud Miss L. L. Stebbins
were chosen to represent Stanford at its
debate with Berkeley.
The attention of the audience was held
closely during the evening's discussion,
and the remarks of the speakers received
merited applause. The affirmative was
represented by J. W. Bell '97, C. E.
Schwartz '99 and F. D. Hunt '00.
The negative side of the question was
presented by B. M. Palmer, '97; R. J.
O'Neil, '97; C. N. Riggins, '98, and J. M.
Switzer, '98. The affirmative orators
brought out the point that the functions
of government should not be divided to se
cure the best results in municipal affairs.
The Federal system was advocated as a
means of bringing about the desired re
iultß. The responsibility could be fixed
and greater interest would be taken in
local elections. This was calculated to do
away with existing evils.
The negative maintained that "one man
power" was not a democratic form of cov
ernment; that three heads or thirty
heads were better than one in the admin
istration of city affairs.
Tney advocated the introduction of civil
eervice regulations to get competent of
ficials, and they pointed out the fact that
a Mayor with all the power would be in
fluenced Dy bad as well as good men.
A. B. Morgan '98. of the successful trio,
came to the front as an effective speaker
last semester while president of the
Bryan Silver Club.
He spoke in San Francisco and else
where during the Campaign and pained a
reputation £3 a clear, comprehensive
orator.
He represented the Philolexians Da
bating Society in the preliminary debates
and was at one time president of that
organization. He comes from Spanish
Fork, Utah, and is taking a course in law
at the university.
J. M Switzer '98 represented the stu
dent body in t lie preliminary debates.
He, too, won distinction as an orator of
no little ability during the Presidential
campaign.
As president of the Stanford McKinley
Club he acquired considerable experience
in public speaking. He has an easy deliv
ery and makes a forcible argument.
He la the newiy elected manager of the
Varsity football team. Switzer also served
as business manager of the Sequoia, one
of the college publications, and made a
good record.
He hails from Peru, Indiana, and is
taking history for his major study.
Miss Londa L. Stebbins surprised the
audience during the first preliminary de
bate by making the most convincing talk
of the evening.
Tbe excellent impression she made at
that time led to her selection this evening
as one of the debating trio.
She was chosen by the Saturday Night
Club to contest in the preliminary
debates.
This is the debating club organized and
conducted by the women students who
take a lively interest In the questions of
tne day.
She is a ready and fluent speaker, and
her selection by the judges meets with
marked approval. Miss Stebbins is taking
a course in hygiene.
FUMES CHECK
A BANDIT RAID
I Continued from Firit Page.\
the "through" safe which was in tbe
express-car fired by the robbers. The safe
doors are badly warped by beat, and is is
doubtful if the contents will ba worth
anything should, they be reached. The
two small "way" safes were completely
wrecked by dynamite. Speaking to-night
of the company's loss, Mr. Shelby said:
"It is impossible at this time to esti
mate our exact loss. It all depends upon
the condition of the contents of the
through safe. According to Messenger
Butler's statement there was very little of
value in the small safes. Our loss will in
all probability amount to very little
should the matter contained in the large
sale not be injured. Until we are able to
breaK into this 1 can give no estimate."
Richard Koesler, manager of the
Southern Pacific lines in Oregon, is of the
opinion that the robbers cannot escape
capture. Tne reward of $1000 for their
apprehension, he thinks, will prove a
sufficient incentive to insure the arrest of
the bandits. His advices to-night state
that every inch of ground in the vicinity
of the spot where the hold-up occurred is
being carefully patrolled by experienced
trailer--, and steps are being taken by State
and county officials to begin a man hunt
on a prodigious scale.
Portland City authorities claim that
they have excellent reasons for believing
that the robbery was planned in this place
and that the outlaws are well-known Port
land crooks. They decline to mention any
names, however, or give out *uch informa
tion as they assert to be in their posses
sion. It is sad on good authority that lo
cal officers have recently been shadowing
two men who are suspected of haying
been concerned in more than one train
robbery, and that~"lhe suspects eluded
their followers and disappeared from the
city about twelve hours before the Rose
burg hold-up occurred. Both crooks are
well known and are being searched for
high and low without success.
One Eastern drummer whose sanirles
were burned in the" baggage-car claims
tliat his firm will lose not less than $10,
--OOJ in jewelry. Other extravagant claims
are made by different persons, but rail
road officials place little reliance in them.
ARM OH Bit EX ESS . CA. KB.
Congrtatlonal Itlll to Punish Train
Robbers With Dentil.
W. G. Curtis, engineer of maintenance
of right of way of the Southern Pacific
Railroad Company, called attention* to
the fact, yesterday afternoon, that ; the
United States was the on.y Government
in the world that permitted train rob
beries. • -
"In Mexico," he said, "which is said to
be a half-civilized country, they put sol
diers on the trains when necessary, and
the National Government assumes the
responsibility of the pursuit, capture and
conviciiou of robbers, and tue prevention
of train robbing. Imazine train robberies
in England, Germany, France or Russia!
How many have you ever heard of taking
place in those countries? The Govern
ment does not permit such crimes."
Congressman Hubbard of Missouri has
recent]y introduced in the House of Rep
resentatives a bill to impose the death
penalty for the crime of train robbery. In
support of the bill he showed that during
the last six years there has been in this
country 183 stoppages of trains for crimi
nal purposes, as a result of which seventy
three persons were killed and fifty-eight
wounded by shots.. Last year alone there
were twenty-three hold-ups in which
thirty-two passengers and train men were
killed and many persona injured.
In regard to the bill Mr. Curtis said:
"I do not approve of capital punishment
for train robbery. That would make it
harder to secure a conviction. Imprison
ment for life would, in my judgment, be
better."
Following is the record by years of
railroad hold-ups:
1890 12
1891 16
1892 16
1893 33
1894 34
1895 49
1896 23
The James and Younger gang made the
United States historic by their bold and
outrageous attacks upon the public high
ways, and since their work was stopped
there has been no cessation of bold and
daring "holp-ups." Lass than a month
ago a train was "held up" almost wiihin
the city of St. Loirs. Within a mile of
the principal depot in Cincinnati there
was a "hold-up," and the engineer and
fireman lost their lives. The land pirates
derailed a train in Alabama only a few
weeks ago and many lives were destroyed.
The people of Clevaland distinctly remem
ber the robbery of the Lake Shore and
Michigan Southern Railroad train at
Kendallvilie, Ind.
Where people dwell in the proverbial
lamb-and-lionlike peace an armored arse
nal almost seems unnecessary to protect
the valuables entrusted to an express com
pany. Yet a load of deadly projectiles
pass through Cleveland, Ohio, daily. It
runs between St. Louis and New York,
both ways.
The arsenal cars were built by order of
the American Express Company. A bul
iet-proof room is located in the center of
the arsenal. These rooms are built of
steel one and one-half inches in thickness.
The steel doors leading to either end of
the car each have a small "peep-hole,"
through which a gun can be ranged and
fired. On either tide is a steel projection
a foot wide and extending Hrora the level
of the window-sill to the roof. At each
end and at the side of this arrangement
a porthole is provided, so that a rifle may
be used to sweep the side of the train,
front or rear, or to shoot from the side
hole in any direction from the bomb
proof. Through apertures, where seats
for two men are provided, the top of the
train is brought into range. The side
windows provide a clear view of what is
going on across the right of way. On
racks built in the bombproof-room are
six riot guns, each holding six cartridges,
each of which is filled with twelve heavy
buckshot.
In a case in the armored room is a
small caisson' in which is carefully
packed ammunition sufficient for a small
army, not to say anything of the Hotch
kiss rapid-firing gun and a line of
projectiles calculated to leave, when
properly handled, little more than the
hair of a bandit.
When the train to which the arsenal is
attached begins to slacken in speed two
men armed with riot guns disappear. It
is their duty to traverse the whole length
of the train to keep the American nomad
off. They keep a sharp lookout over all
portions of the train until it is under good
speed. The warlike appearance does not
end with the express-car. There is no
diminution of the warlike aspect on the
locomotive.
The engine of course |a a favorable
place for the bandits to commence opera
tions. Buckled to both the fireman and
engineer are "shooting arms" of the most
impioved pattern, while in the cab are two
men armed with riot guns and always
ready to shoot anything from a real robber
to an owl. Four guards are stationed in
the arsenal car, and they are armed with
six-shot 48-caliber self-cocking revolvers.
Each man's belt carries fifty extra cart
ridges.
One of the two safes aboard the arsenal
car is only opened at the more important
points along thVjine. The other is marked
local and is opened at certain places along
the route, none of the cities being unim
portant. The dials are removed from the
safes wnen they start and station agents
are eauipped with extra dials. These they
must carry to the car before a safe can be
opened.
The inside bolts are first unfastened by
the station spent, but he cannot gain
access without the assistance of the mes
senger, whose duty it is to unlock a huge
padlock. During a stop the express-car is
watched with eagle eyes by armed men.
One of the greatt-it difficulties is keeping
tramps off the car?. "Hoboes" are not
permitted to rids for a minute after they
are discovered, and many a brief engage
ment has taken place between the train
men and these wanderers.
The train force can be added to at sev
eral points.
On the day express-cars small fire and
burglarproof safes arc carried. J. P.
Gager, general agent of the American Ex
press Company, says these safes have
never been entered. Of course, if ;he
highwaymen were iven sufficient time
they could open them, but it would be a
long and difficult task.
♦
KRUXISCMXITT O* IB.E KOItBEKY.
Bays the Burning of th* Car I* Quite
Damage Enough. -.r.'V.
, General Manager J, Kruttscbnitt of the
Children Cry for Pitcher's Castoria.
Southern Pacific Railroad Company re
ceived special information by wire in
recard to tne "hold-up." He said yes
terday afternoon:
"The. robbers— there were two of them —
climbed over the tender from the blind
baggage in the usual manner and covered
the engineer and fireman with revolvers.
The fireman, whose name I ao not know,
managed to drop off, and he went to Rose
burg and gave the alarm. The robbers
mads the engineer — the engineer's name
is Morris — co back with them and cut off
the tmggaee-car, and they then forced the
engineer to run the car some distance
atiead. The robbers demanded admit
tance to the express-car, but the messen
ger refused io let tbem in. When they
threatened to blow open the car ne capitu
lated. They blew open two small safes.
Ido not know what the contents were.
The robbers did not get into the big safe
in the car. After they had rih"e<i the car
and took whatever of Value they could the
robbers set fire to the car and burned it
and its contents. The hold-up will not
aelay trains.
"Is that the extent of the damage?"
"Isn't that damage enough?" replitd
the general manager.
TURNER NAMED AT OLYMPIA.
The Spokane Man io Succeed Squire in
the United States Senate
at Washington.
OLYMPIA, Wash., Jan. 29.— George F.
Turner of Spokane was elected United
States Senator on the twenty -fifth ballet
by a vote of 68. Smith Douglas, who
nominated Turner, was the man to cast
the fifty-seventh vote— the one which
elected him.
The Spokane people are wild with joy.
The vote for the others was: Denny 25,
Wescott 14, Squire 1. Westcott is the
Populist middle-of-the-road man.
A big sensation is likely to follow the
election ol Turner. Charges of gross cor
ruption are made. The committee ap
pointed to investigate them has subpe
naed all the Squire and Turner followers
anu will probe the affair to the bottom.
it met to-night but brought out no defi
nite information, though witnesses swore
that money was used to corrupt legisla
tors. Tobiassen and Conine, Populist
members, say that they will to-mor
row testify that tney were approached by
one candidate and offered money to vote.
They did not give tne name of the can
didate to-night, but will to-morrow. The
Squire men attempted to leave the City
on the evening train, but were prevented
by subpenas from the investigation com
mittee.
The Senate committee appointed to in
vestigate the charges against Senator
Plummer, of offering to sell his vote, find
them not substantiated. Dr. Calhoun,
who made the charges, refused to put
them in writing. This is regarded as a
Squire scheme to prevent Plummer for
voting for Turner to-day.
SALT LAKE, Utah, Jan. 29.— The Sen
atorial deadlock in this State is unbroten.
Three ballots were taken in the Legisla
ture to-day, all substantially alike, as fol
lows:
Thatcher 19, Rawlins (D.) 15, Hender
son (D.) 15, Mrs. S. E. Anderson (D.) 5, A.
C. .Bishop (R.) 3, F. 8. Harris (D.) 2,
Chambers and Powers (D.) 1 each.
There is a strong movement in favor of
A. W. McCune as a compromise candidate
and it is said his name will be brought be
fore the Legislature on Monday.
He has been quietly working for recog
nition for ten days or more. Neither of
the three leading candidates can now be
elected, it is thought, and Mr. McCune or
some other outsider's chances are good.
FLED FROM SAN JOSE.
Mrs. Herman Bruendel Elopes for the
Second Time With a San Fran
cisco Camb.er.
PORTLAND, Ob., Jan. 29.— 1n Septem
ber last Herman Bruendei, a retired
middle-aged saloon-keeper, living near
San Jose, Cal., came to Portland in search
of his young wife. The coupla had been
wedded about one year only. He was 50
years old she but 17.
It was a money ruetch, but all the wealth
the old man showered upon his youthful
wife failed to win her affections. She un
fortunately fell iv love with Harry
Bernard, a young San Francisco gam Dler,
who frequently visited San Jose.
The result of these visits was that in the
latter part of August Bernard and Mrs.
Bruendel eloped, coming to Portland and
bringing a considerable sum of the old
man's money with them.
Three weeks later Bruendel came to
Portland and succeeded in locating his
wife.
The young woman not only expressed
great contrition for her ■desertion of her
husband, but she was prepared to return
1 home with him. She persuaded him,
however, to give Bernard $1000 in coin so
as to avoid a scandal.
Bruendel was again seen here to-day,
having come from Seattle, almost "broken
up," with another tale of domestic woe.
All went well at his home, he says, until
the early part of this month, when Ber
nard again came to Ban Jose.
After Bernard bad had .-everal inter
views with Mrs. Bruendel she at last con
fessed to having more affection for the
young gambler than for the old hus
band who was lavishing his wealth upon
her. She again deserted him on the 13th
inst., accompanied by the same character
less fellow.
On this occasion they went to Seattle,
leaving a note for Bruendel to that effect.
Again Bruendel followed his faithless
wife, and upon meeting her she refused to
recognize him.
STOCKTON SENDS VOLUNTEERS.
Company of Men Organized io Fight
Against the Oppressor of the
Cubans.
STOCKTON, Cat,., Jan. 29.-Dr. C. H.
Bulson of ihis city nas been correspond
ing with General Colby in relation to a
contemplated expedition to Cuba next
spring, and has finally accepted commis
sion to enlist a company of seventy men.
Working quietly, he secured pledges from
about forty men, who are to be supplied
with food, clothing, transportation and
equipment. They will embark with Gen
eral Colby from a gulf port within a
month or two. They will be enlisted to
serve in the insurgent cause for four
months.
The project was made public yesterday,
and to-day Dr. Buison's office was be
sieged by applicants who desired to fight
Weyier for $40 per month and "fonnd."
Most of them are youne men, fall of en
thusiasm, and several are members of the
National Guard of California. Among
those aie Art'.e Giovanessi, Lieutenant
Dasher, Namo Eschels, A. H. Jameson,
Aujrujtine Lanatta and LieutenantO'Con
nell. One or two active newspaper men
have also expressed an intention to take
notes from the field.
Finneer Pla t Dl-» at Santa Cms.
SANTA CRUZ. Cal., Jan. 29.— Lewis
Jefferson P ant, father of Mrs. George Sut
ton and Mjss Edith Plant, died here to
day. He was a pioneer oi California, his
children bein • born in Sa<ramento. He
removed to Monterey twenty years ago,
and thence to Santa Cruz, where he bad
resided many years. He was 63 years of age.
JUMBLED WORDS
TELL OF INSSNITY
Disconnected Letter Lsft by
Nathan Dimick for
His Wife.
Believin? Did Not Love
Him, H? Had Resolved to
End His Career.
Sauta Cruz's Coroner Unable to Locate
the Money Possessed by the
Suicido.
SANTA CRUZ, Cal., Jan. 29.— The Dim
ick tragedy is etill the chief subject dis
cussed here. That Dimick set fire to his
dwelling seems to admit of no dispute.
That he tooK his own life seems evident
from the letter found by J& J. Boulter
yesterday, which is generally accepted as
genuine.
But there is a suspicion in the minds of
many that Dimick did cot intend to cut
short his existence in the manner in which
the end came.
It was suggested early in the Coroner's
investigation that it would be well to de
termine by autopsy whether or not Dim
ick had taken poison, but this was not
done.
The position in which the body was
found indicated that he was trying to
escape when overcome, and the fact that
he told his wife before her departure that
he -would lie down and rest is taken to in
dicate an intention to take poison after
having fired the house.
He had expressed a desire that his body
should be cremated, and it' is thought he
planned to accomplish this after tue drug
had rendered him unconscious.
The letter, which was discovered in a
nlace where it would presumably have
been safe had the house been destroyed,
was as follows :
Dear Hattie: I do love you yet, but cannot
endure the long-contluued silence with you.
You do not love me, by your actions. Will
you forsftve me wnen I am asleep? So good
by. Ido this myself in my right mind to set
rid of trouble. N. B. Dimick.
The letter was written in a firm hand,
but the writer's hand seems to have been
less bteady wnen he addressed the en
velope, which bore the following super
scription: "Mrs. H. S. Dimick, Perm.
aye.,93."
This letter was admitted as evidence
and indentified by witnesses before the
Coroner's Jury. When compared with
other letters written by Dimick, it was
found to be less clear in expression and
firm in penmanship, but there was no
doubt as to its genuineness.
After a larue number of witnesses had
been examined the jury rendered a ver
dict that Dimick came to his death by
suicide while temporarily insane.
The disposition «f more than $2500 in
gold, which was withdrawn by Dimick
from the City Bank and the Santa Cruz
Bank of Savings and Loans on December
26. 1896, is a mystery.
It had been thought this might be ex
plained before the Coroner, out the wit
nesses all disclaimed any knowledge as to
what bud been done with tbe money.
Mrs. DimicK did not know that her hus
band bad drawn the money. She testi
fied that their relations had been pleasant,
but Dimick was not satined to remain in
Santa Cruz, while.Bhe thought they had a
good enough home here and ought to stay.
Captain Sager, collector for the Hihn
Company,which supplies water on the east
side, testified that when Dimick paid his
water bill on January 11, he ssid that it
was the last water bill that he woula ever
pay.,
Sager asked if Dimick intended to go to
San Diego, to which he replied that he did
not know, but that Sacer wouid not find
him there when he presented his bill next
month. -^ --'.'U^
Witness said Dimick was restless and
wanted to sell out and go away. He
seemed very different mentally from what
he did six months ago. Various incidents
described by other witnesses showed
Dimick's restless desire to get away from
Santa Cruz.
. Just before the inquest closed the Coro
ner heard that A. L. Hill had received a
sum of money from Dimick, to be sent
East. Mr. Hill was sent for, but declared
that he bad received no money and knew
nothing ol it.
He said Dimick's first wife was buried
at Salisbury, Mo., in December, 1895,
where the remains were taken from here
by Dimick and a niece and nephew of the
deceased wife, who had come here during
her illness.
CAPT. W. WEBSTER McNEIL.
One of the kindest of gentlemen that
ever put pen to paper, that ever spoke
word to man, is Mr. W. W. McNeil. Hos-
pital Steward of the Second Artillery, N.
G. C. Mr. McNeil is not very talkative,
but what he says he means, and when he
does say anything it is with the beat inten-
tion in the world, tie has none but the
best feeling for Joy's Vegetable Sarsapa-
ri!la, and gladly told the writer of the
great good Joy's baa done. Said he: "I
used Joy's Vegetable Sarsaparilla because
I felt dull, heavy, almost sluggish. A^
soon as I discovered that I needed some
thing to make me feel good I tooii a bottle
of Joy's Vegetable Sarsaparilla. and after
uung the second bottle I became my old
self a^ain. Mind you, I wa9 not on the
brink of the grave; 1 merely wanted a
blood medicine and I used Joy's. Yes; I
found the remedy pleasing to take and
effective."
No druggist owns stock in Joy's Vege-
table Sarsaparilla. Any druggist claim-
ing to pay its advertising bills is a fraud
Don't let the drug cierk talk you into
buying something else for Joy's Vegetable
Sarsapariila. He laughs at you when you
leave ihe corner store with a substitute.
Watch him.
THESE NERVES THAT YOU SEE MARKED
on the draw-in* are sympathetic nerves.
They originate in the bruin and the spinal
cord These are their centers. They are dis-
tributed to the stomach, they are distributed
to the heart, they are distributed to the lungs,
they are distributed to the liver, they are dis-
tributed to the bowels, they are distributed
to the kidneys and tney are distributed to the
bladder. When these nerves ere harassed,
when they are misused, when they are abused,
nervous twitchings in different parts of the
bod v are to be expected. Abuse any of >ature s
children and you .pay the penalty. It is the
abuse that kills. In passing it may De well to
state that the "HUDYAN" remedy treatment
is created to reach these nerves and put them
in good order. "HUD YAK" cures the disor-
ders and disunities of man. It is a remedy
for men. It cures spermatorrhoea, seminal
troubles, losses, drains, pimple-, prematurity.
"HUDYAN" cures morbid fancies and bright-
ens the future. "HUDYAV cures depression
of spirits, bashiulness, inability to look
frankly into the eyes of another, headache,
hair coming out, dimness of sigh., noises In
the head and ear**, weak memory, loss of voice,
taste or smell, sunken eye", stunted growth,
palpitation, shortness of breath, dyspepsia,
constipation, flatulency, weakness or pain
across the small ot the back, loss of muscular
power, gloomy, remorseful forebodings, dis-
turbed sl«-ep. grinding teeth. "HUDYAX"
can be had from the doctors of the Hudson
Medical Institute and from no one else. • Con-
sult the physicians of the Hudson Medical In-
stitute about ••HUDYAN" or write for
CIRCULARS AND TESTIMONIALS.
BLOOD POISON. When your blood is out
of order, when your blood
BLOOD POISOX. is tainted, you will notice
that your nair Is falllnc
BLOOD POISON, out, that your teeth are
loosening, your breath is
BLOOD POISON, offensive, your tongue is
x swollen; your throat is
BLOOD POISON, sore. You have lumps
about the body. You
BLOOD POISON, have glandular lumps.
You have spots on the
BLOOD POISON, body — copper - colored
spots. It may be in the
BLOOD POISON, first, second or ter-
tiary state. The best cure
BLOOD POISON, for this is the 30-day cure.
Consult the Hudson doc-
BLOOD POISON, tors about the 30-day cure
■ or write for 30-day-cure
BLOOD POISON, circulars free. HUDSON
MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
BLOOD POISON. Stockton, Market and El-
lis streets.
Consult the Hudson Doctors Free.
Consult the Hudson Doctor* Free.
Consult the Hudson Doctors Free.
Consult the Hudson Doctor.* Free.
Consult the Hudson Doctors Free.
Consult the Hudson Doctors Free.
Consult the Hudson Doctors Free.
Consult the Hudson Doctors Free.
j! <P*msifo I;
I GREAT 1
% gtp- !i
I OF THE AGE "■
Pllll HI:
X Which is an external and internal 9
X remedy without an equal. Z
| HOT A HEW nmwwi, but OHE 1
I THAT HAS STOOD THE Th«T GF OVER I
| A QUARTER OF A CENTURY. |
;; Thousands of persons all ♦
j; over the United States ;;
j; gratefully praise Dr. Mar- | ;
± tin's Pain Curer and are j;
j ; never without it. < ;
$ < i
<► The Curer li free from all Injurious < ■
< | and poisonous properties, and is en- < '
(§ tirely vegetable in its composition. It \ '
£ tones up and strengthens the system, < >
J | purifies the blood, expels bad matter j
I I from the organs of the body generally, Z
y promotes digestion, regulates the appe- **
■ \ tits and secures a healthy state of the 9
||] system and Its various functions. Taken A
< * occasionally as a preventive of disease, •
2 it keeps the mind cheerful and happy \ [
|) by promoting healthful action of the < >
< ' ■kin, heart, lungs, stomach, panoreas, • •
\ ! bowels, ltrer, kidneys, bladder, aplesn. ) [
\ I spinal ccMmn, and the whole nervous < |
*> system. It Is also especially always ♦
® WOMAN'S FRIEND, and la nneqoaled ®
I FOR THE PREVENTit)H CURE I
( i -oy- i r
J \ Rheumatism, Neuralgia, Fains In \ |
i i General, Bowel Complaints, Dys- ' . >
I ' pepsia, Dysentery, Cholera Mor- '< I
I | bus,* Diphtheria, " Sore Throat, .{ J
<> Pneumonia,' Di*betea, Nervous • >
V Complaints, Disease »f the Stom- ' '
j q . ach and Bowels Generally, Liver J j
{ < ' Complaints, Kidney Complaints, i
|| Sciatica. Lumbago, Colds, Couf hi. ]'
I 0 Local and General Debility, Head- , ,
i> ache, Earache, Toothache. Sick- i
X ness in Stomach Backache, Burns, j
I 5 Swelling, Boils, Sores, Ulcers, j
! ♦ Colic, Cramps, Sprains, Bruises, 4
j 5 Scalds, Wounds, Costiveness, In- | |
Q digest!**, Skin Diseases, Bxces- , r
y live Itohings and many other < j
I ' , complaints too' numerous to name i
• here. In a word, the great Pain ( ,
± Curer of the Age Is an unequaled |j
< , family remedy. <
SI Price: 23c, SOc, $1.00 per Bottle, j
i i .' L, CALLISCH, Wbolc.ale Agent for J ,
X -t^e Pacific Coait,S»n Jose, Cal.
5 For sale by all druggists. The trade J
supplied by Kedington A Co., Mack «>
& Co. and Langley & Michaels. San q
m ' Francisco. Q
NOTARY PUBLIC.
fiHARLKS li. I'IIILLII'S. ATfORNEY-AT-
\J Law and Notary labile, 638 Market s  opp >-
site Palace Hotel. Telephone 670. Residence 1630
i e>l street. Telephone " Pine " i 691.BIG JIM FLED
FOR HIS LIFE
The Giant Mongolian Has
Left This Field of
Strife.
He Became Alarmed as the
Price on His Head
Increased.
The Coroner's I- quest Threw No
Further Light on the Murder
of "Litte Pate."
"Big Jim," the Chinese plutocrat and
hated rival of the murdered "Little Pete,"
has fled the town for his life. The giant
Mongolian owns a clubhouse on Waverly
place, various business houses and banks
in this City, but he ca^t business aside
when he learned that $SCOO had been of
fered for his head. Wednesday last he
caught a train and surrounded by his
guards rolled over the rails to his farm
near Fresno.
Full well he knew that lurking in the
dimiy lighted streets and alleys of China
town were scores of highbinders thirsting
for his b'ood. Many of the pagan friends
that were willing and anxious to cut short
"Big Jim's" life are strangers to tbe
frightened, respectable Chinese element.
They flocked from interior and coast
towns when they learned that there was
blood money to be earned in this City.
Everywhere "Big Jim" went in this City
he was closely guarded by a Caucasian
and never permitted him out of his sight.
The strain on his nerves, however, soon
became too great, and he decided to leave
the field of contention and strife.
Whether he is safer on his ranch than in
this City remains to be seen. The Fr.sno
Chinamen have offered $1000 to the man
who will slav nini, and it is safe to say
that many a hatchetman will stalk around
tbe "Bie Jim " ranch ready to assassinate
Us owner when oppor'unity offers itself.
THE INQUEST.
No Further Light Thrown on the
Murder of Little Pete.
The inquest on the body of Little Pete
officially established two facts. First that
Little Pete is dead and second that he
was murdered while in a barber-shop.
Further than this nothing was presented
to throw any light upon the tragedy.
Those witnesses who may or may not
have possessed knowledge as to the dark
deed and darker motives that prompted
it knew enough to keep silent as to im
portant points. A proper regard for their
owt safety had something to do with their
silence.
Autopsy Physician Morgan discussed
the position of the fatal bullets. George
Welch, a private watchman, testified that
he was in a tailor-shop near by and saw
two men running away from tbe scene of
the vboctine. He led the officers to 12*
Waverly place, where the tnen weni, and
found them. Tho men were arrested.
Welch believed that the two Chinese
(brought to the inquest) were the men he
saw and who were arrested.
Won Lung, who was being shaved at the
time the snooting took place, testified* that
some one went into the shop and began
shooting. His barber ran away and he
followed. Wong Chung, the barber, testi
fied that he was walking into an adjoining
room for a towel when the shooting began.
He did not Know who did it, although be
beard four shots. He thought that there
were several men in the party that did the
shooting, but he was not sure. In fact
he was like the other witnesses and not
sure of anything in particular.
Alter listening to such testimony for an
hour or two the jury turned in the follow
ing stereotyped verdict:
We find that Fong thing, aged 34 years,
nativity China, occupation merchant, resi
dence 819 Washington street, City and County
of San Francisco, came to his death January
23, at 817 Washington street, said City and
Couniy, from shock from gunshot wounds,
and we further find the wounds were inflicted
by persons or a person unknown to us.
WILL PRESERVE PEACE.
Chief Crowiey Details Two Hun
dred Patrolmen to China
town.
The Officers Instructed to Make Ar
rests at the Slightest Indica
tion ct Trouble.
The prospects oi a Happy New Year are
rery slim for those residents of the Chi
nese quarter who cannot enjoy themselves
according to the strictest ideas of law and
order as interpreted by vigilant members
of the police force.
Two hundred patrolmen under the im
mediate control of teri sergeants and th«
entire detail commanded by Captain Witt
man will be distributed through China
town. The men were instructed yester
day afternoon that not the slightest
breach of the peace will be tolerated, and
any congregations of hard-looking Ceies
tiais will be dispersed with more vigor
than gentleness.
Two patrol wagons are to be in attend
ance to carry away the petty malefactors
who are expected to be influenced by
Chinese gin to celebrate too boisterously.
If the batchetmen take any part in this
year's festivities they will have to show a
remarkable degree of caution, for with
the men to go on duty there to-day, many
of whom are strangers to Chinatown,
every Chinaman will be an object of sus
picion, ana the known members of the
murderous tongs will be shadowed by the
men of experience in the Chinese squad.
One hundred men will go on duty at 7
o'clock this morning, ana the other hun
dred wilj. serve at night.
SOUTfISIDE OLUB.
At a Meeting on Thursday Considera
ble Business Was Transacted.
A meeting of the Southside Improve
ment Club was held in the parlors of the
Hughes House, 214 Third, Thursday even
ing, at which Dr. Tullio A. Rottanzi, the
president, presided, with the following
property - owuers in attendance: J. C.
-Meussdorffer, 8. Schwartz, Julius Lerale,
P. H. Cahill, Thomas F. Mullee, R. E.
Cole, Barney Jacobs, A. Becker, Leon
Samuel, I. Goodman. B. Katchinski, H.
A. Cole, C. Attell, J. 8. Elliott, J. M.
otrauss.
A discussion was had over the general
improvement of Third street and its co
operation with Folsom street, which has
. b * en recently declared a boulevard. Witn
«u§ object in view the foliowiug commit- J
tee was appointed to co-operate with the
Folsom-street Improvement Club: Leon
Samuels, P. H. Cahill, R. £- Cole, J. M.
Strauss, I. Schwartz and Dr. T. A. Rot
tanzi. The obntinancy of the property
owners on the block from Market to Mis
sion street, with a few exceptions, was
commented on, and in order to try and
persuade those stiff-necked ones to join in
with the others a commutee of three, con
sisting of B. Katchinski, A. Baker and C.
Attell, was appointed to interview them
and induce them to join with the others.
It was announced that Third street,
fiom Mission to Harrison, would be light
ed with electric lights inside of a week,
and that it would be fit and proper to
have a celebration on that occasion.
To carry this idea out the chair ap
pointed B. Jacobs, Julius Lamle, J. C.
Meussdorffer, J. H. Cavanagh and W. S.
Hughes a committee to make all suitable
arrangements.
J. M. Strains offered a resolution in
donin; the '1% cent carfare bi.l now be
fore the .Legislature, and also a vote of
thanks to the San Francisco delegation for
its support of the same.
Owing to other duties Dr. Rottanzi re
signed his seat as president. This led to
a general election all around, with the fol
lowing result: Rienzi Hughes, president;
B. Katchinski, vice-president; 8.
Schwartz, secretary ; Bernard Jacobs, treas
urer, and P. H. Cahill, sergeant-at-arms.
The new president was authorized to
appoint an *xecutive committee of
twenty, the names of whom will ba an
nounced at the next meeting.
SUPERVISORS WONDERED
Then They Refused to Approve
Bills for Turkey and
Fixings.
A Bill for Surgical Instruments
Failed, Along With Quail and
Asparagus-
Supervisor Rottanzi pnlled out a whet
stone at the City Hull yesterday ana
sharpened a long-Dladed knife, and then
went into the several supervisorial com
mittees in which he is included and pre
pared to do a slashing business.
He had not been sitting long in the
Committee on Health and Police when a
bill of Waller Bros, amounting to ?254 90
came along. This was for surgical in
struments furnished to the Receiving
Hospital. The bill had been approve! by
Dr. Weill. Supervisor Delaney and Super
visor Kottanzi cast a side glance at this
bill when it was up before the committee
last week. During the week, by agree
ment, Supervisor Rottanzi went about to
inquire into the reasonableness of the
charges.
"I Jound out," said Supervisor Rot
tanzi yesterday, "that the same instru
ments can be bought in open marfce for
$IGB 05, which is a difference of $86 85.
Where there was any question I inquired
the price of the imported instruments,
putting them in at the full prce. Tin,
difference still remained nearly $90."
The committee also leurned another
; singular tact, which was that the bill of
Waller Bros, bad been "O K'd" by Dr. Weill
before he had opene.i the cases containing
the instruments. The result of this
knowledge was that the committee re
fused to approve the bill.
3am L. Waller of the firm of Waller
Bros, made an explanation of the transac
tion. He was authorized by the old Board
of Supervisors to purchase $600 worth of
instruments for the Receiving Hospital.
The instruments were to be selected by
Dr. Weill. The last-named City official
would not consent to purchase th."c instru
ments of any one except Beroet Bros.,
whose store is near the new City Hull.
Waller went to one other place with Dr.
Weill and proposed to visit others, but
could not persuade Dr. Weill to go with
him. Consequently th«rp was no com
petition in prices. Mr. Waller charged 15
per cent profit for himseif, taking a trade
discount of 10 per cent ami a profit ei>ove
the open market rate of 5 per cent. This
he considered only reasonable pay for his
trouble. He will try to make the dealers
take the instruments, back for the
City will not pay any such price for them.
Waller was exonerated from all blame.
Dr. Rottanzi was instructed to buy the
needed instruments.
Shortly after this happening the Finance
Committee sat. It opened its eyes when
Dr. Rottanzi eniered objection to a bill of
luxuries from the Almshou«e amounting
to $106 15. But all the members of the
committee involuntarily smacked their
lips as they thought of the delicacies
which the Almshouae people have en
j joyed.
For on the bill, which represented only
supplies furnished from December 2 to
December 30, inclusive of botti dates, were
mentioned turkey and cranberries repeat
edly, the latter presumably having been
convened into a prime article of cran
berry sauce to make the tuTkey 3lip down
( mcial throats more ea3ily. The bill
omitted to mention the price of turkey
per pound or chicken per pound or any
thing else per pound. The viands were
simply furnished in delicious bulk with
out any unpalatable details on the bill to
clog the delights of feasting.
There was a long list of delicacies.
Mouths watered at the thought of as
paragus, pineapples, bananas, Japanese
oranges, Isabella grapes, black grapes,
tig--, oysters, turkey, quail, chickens — and
cranberry sauce. The bill was laid over
to be further considered.
STILL NO SWANHILDA.
British Ship Burtnah Arrive* From
N'cwciMtli-, but SlarteU Little *arl ier
Than the Square- digger.
The Swanhilda will not come in and
everybody who takes any interest in the
capture of Butler, the so-called murderer,
is getting disgusted. "Square-riggers"
have been reported time and again, but
on almost every occasion the vessel has
proven to be either a coaster or a biirk,
while the long-looked-for vessel is a four
masted ship. The following messaee,
dated "Farallon Island, January 28, 1897,
11:45 A. m.," was received by A. Carlisle,
417 Montgomery street, yesterday:
Square-rigged ship just hove in sight about
fltteen nil:es (.ouih'.vest. Lc«t night a! sunset
sighted a ship to soutnward. Too thick and
.dark to make her oui. W. A. Beeman.
Mr. Carlisle has a number of carrier
pigeons out at the lighthouse station and
every "square-rigger" lighted means the
liberation of one of the bird*. They go
direct to the owners' lofts in Berkeley
and from there the news is telephoned to
San Francisco.
The ship reported by the carrior pigeon
upon coming close in was reported by the
Merchants' Exchange to be the British
ship Burmah. sixty-nine days from New
castle, N. S. W. She started four days
ahead of the Swanhilda.
The Burmah reported having had south
erly and easterly winds to latitude 38 deg.
south, westerly winds to latitude 30 deg.
south, northeast and easterly winds from
latitude 30 deg. south to 29 deg. north,
longitude 14 deg. 34 mm. west. She
crossed the equator on the last day of the
year, in longitude 124 deg. west. From
that time and place to this port she had
westerly and southeast winds.
At the Chutes.
The Chutes will reopen this afternoon, and
till farther notice everything at the Haight
street grounds will be in active operation.
This afternoon there will be a potato race,
Ordway. the trick bicyclist, will perform, and
Brown will coast down the chutQP on his
wheel. In the evening the Hajihara troupe
of Japanese acrobats will give an exhibition
on a big stage just built at the foot of tne
lake, and the animatoscope will show a num
ber of new scenes.
Hyfkotic lust., ti O'FarreU, teach, treat. * j
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, /JANUARY 30, 1897.
FATHER YORKE
CRACKING NUTS
Lectured to a Crowded
House in South San
Francisco.
His Purpose Was to Show That
Catholics Founded Religious
Liberty.
Y. M. I Members Occupied the Stage
and There Was a Solo by
Mrs. Trey.
"Nuts to Crack" was the title of Rev.
Father Yorke's lecture last night in the
Opera-house in South San Francisco. It
was delivered to "standing-room only,"
under the auspices of Youne Men's In
stitute No. 32. A solo was sung by Mrs.
Troy.
Past Grand President Fran* Kierce
presided, and in his speech introducing
Father Yorke he reviewed the history of
the Y. M. I. Prominent members of In
stitute No. 32 were seated on the stage.
Father Yorke reviewed the history of
the Roman Catholic church from its in
ception almost down to date. One object
of his lectures, he said, was education.
Many Protestants were sincere in their
beliet and antipathy against the Catholic
church, and he desired to present facts
which would enlighten them. The
Catholic chuich was not opposed to edu
cation. It did not want to keep the
people ignorant in order that it might
more effectually rule over them. The
Catholic church had taught the barbarians
of early history, and had it not been for
that church very little learning would
have been preserved to the world. The
word of God and works of art had been
saved by the monks.
"It has been said that the man who
lifts up his voice against the Roman
Catholic church owes it to that
church that he can speak at all." be said.
"The schools and universities of Eu
rope," be continued, "were founded by
the Catholic church, among them Ox
ford and Cambridge. Tbe same was true
in France, Germany and Italy. While
nations and empires bad passed away the
Catholic church has continued through
2000 years and was growing stronger. Still
there were people who claimed that it was
played out and could not exist in free
America. Before the reformation and be
fore the star of liberty had shown its.'lf
in the Western world a Catholic had pre
vailed upon a Catholic Queen to pawn her
jewels, and had planted a Catholic cross,
wiih Catholic i ravers, on the shore of
the New World. The Catholics had been,"
he said, "loremosi in learning — in reiigion,
in exploration, in daring deeds ani
colonization for Christ, church and civil
ization. Catholics bad discovered and ex
plored nearly all sections of America and
been first in California.''
How the enemies of the Catholic church
got it into their heads that the church is
opposed to liberty was a hard nut to
crack. The Catholics had been first in
this couulry for religious liberty. Jesuits,
seemed to be a nightmare to Protestants,
who seemed to fear.. that if the Catholics
got in the majority they would start the
fires of the inquisition again.
England, up to the sixteenth century, was
a Catholic country. He said that during
the time Luther was stirring up Europe
Henry VIII. who had been called "a
royal ass and a kingly swine," became
enamoured of another woman and sought
to putawav his wife. The Catholic church
does not recognize divorce, and the Pope
allowed the whole Kingdom of England
to go into schism and heresy rather than
do wrong even to the smallest of Christ's
children. That was the beginning of
Protestantism in England. The peo
ple were turned ' into Protestants
and persons were burned who
did not" agree • with that church.. Sects
multiplied and fought each other for 200
years. Som<* tired of persecution got'
away from England, sailed for America
and founded" colonies, seeking in the
wilderness freedom of conscience for.
themselves, but careful not to allow it to
anybody else. Though Puritans, Quakers
and other sects quarreled with each
other, all agreed that the Papist should
hnve no show. Catholic priests actually
laid down their lives for the crime of say
in? mas«.
"In 1683 ;Lord Calvert, afterward Lord
Baltimore, and others from England,
saile i up the Chesapeake, landed at a
place called St. Mary's, founded a colons'
and what is now known as the State of
Maryland," continuea Father Yorke.
"They were suDreme in thnt colony; they
hadT a charter from England. It was tliis
colony of Maryland which made religion
free to Protestants alike, where the perse
cuted Puritan or Quaker mijrnt seek a safe
refuge, gaihered mi one brotherhood under
that freedom of worship which ia 'he
highest star in our flag."
The speaker said that after Roger
Williams, who was a Baptist, returned
from England with a charter that no man
sdould bu interfered with in his religious
belief the first thing that was done was to
pass an act that Catholics be deprived of
all rights, and all Catholics were disen
franchised. The lecturer said the first
declaration of liberty in this country was
made by Catholics, and added: "1 would
like to have them crack that nut for me."
Thomas Dungan, a Catholic, made Gov
ernor or New York by Charles 11, put for
ward a charter of religious liberty, but,
said tbe speaker, w en a Protestant was
appointed in Dungan's place the charter
was repealed.
Father Yorke drew from history to show
that Catholics had taken a eadnig part in
the Revolution and the War of the Re
bellion, and that Washington recognized
that fact in regard to the Revolution.
"Above all, thank God," he said, "Catho
lics are tolerant."
Father YorKe promised to reply to Rev.
Mr. Coyle of Oakland in a lecture he will
deliver soon in Oakland.
HUGO HEROLD'S RECITAL
The San Francisco Barytone Is
Very Warmly Re
ceived.
A larce number of music lovers were at
tracted to Golden Gate Hall last night to
hear the singing of Hugo R. Herold, who
recently returned home to this City after
winning a number of musical successes in
Europe.
The choice of programme showed that
the California singer's taste inclines more
toward concert than toward opera. Some
of Mr. Herold's friends were disappointed
that he had not given them a single
operatic aria in arranging last night's
programme, but the selections showed
such culture and refined taste that no
iover of music had anything to regret in
any of the numbers.
'JL'he vocal part of toe concert was all
contributed by Hugo Herold, his clusters
of songs coming between instrumental
numbers. The recitai opened with Adam's
famous "Cantique de Noel,' 1 the robust
style of which suited the singer's voice
admirably.
Mr. Herold is a rather deep barytone,
his voice being full and even throughout
its entire compass, and it shows great
cultivation and finish. The "Cantique de
Noel" brought the enthusiastic encore it
deserved, and the singer responded by re
peating it, using the English instead of
the French text.
The first cluster of songs consisted of
Goring Thomas' "Dream Fancies," C.
Paston Cooper's "Where?" and Gounod's
"The Fountain Mingles With the River."
They were all excellently sung, the final
one being the best number for displaying
the singer's voice. In response to another
warm encore Mr. Herold responded by re
prating "Wh re?"
In the next song cluster Schumann's
•'lch Grolle Nicht."and Rubinstein's "Dv
Bist Wie Eine Blume" were especially
well sune. A 8 an encore Mr. Herold re
pealed Grieg's "Em Scuwan." The con
cert also mc uded songs by Quaranta and
Tosti and Schubert's "Erl King."
In all tbe four languages, English,
French, German and Italian, Mr. Herold's
enunciation was equally distinct and ex
pressive. He was sympathetically accom
panied by Miss Genevieve Maroney.
The instrumental part of the programme
was contributed by Minetti and Roderick
Herold, who opened the concert with
Gri°g's sonata in F for violin and piano.
Later in the programme Mr. Minetti's
playing of Sarasate's "Spanish Dances"
and Wieniawski's "Airs Russes" won him
enthusiastic encores.
AMONG THE WORKING MEN
A Bg Mass- Meeting to Protest
Against the Sailor
Laws.
The Southwick Convict Goods Bil
Indorsed — Tenement-House
Male C;gars.
Several matters of interest were dis
cussed at the meeting of the San Francisco
Labor Council last evening. The first
was a resolution passed recently by the
Ironmolders' Union indorsing the South
wick bill, now pending before Congress.
The resolution recited that the industries
of California have been for years cripplsd
by t.'.e unjust and unfair competition with
the Eastern State prisons that have
shipped their convict goods into the Pacific
Coast markets and sold the same as free
goods, but at ruinously low prices. Many
buy these articles under the impression
that they are the product of free men.
The Southwick bill provides that all such
goods be marked or branded so tnat the
public may know what it is purchasing.
The resolution says:
Resolved, By Ironmolders' Union No. 164 of
San Francisco, that we earnestly request the
Congressional Committee on Labor an (i Capi
tal to report favorably on said Souihwick bill,
now in its possession, at an early dale, that
the same may be adopted by Congress and go
into operation at once, so that our people may
have the much-needed relief it will-afford.
Tbe council indorsed the resolution and
the secretary was directed to send copies
of the same to the committee named and
to ail of the Pacific Coast representatives
at Washington.
The delegates from the Sailors' Union
stated that on next Wednesday evening
there will be a mass-meeting at Metro
politan Temple, the purpose of which is
to protest against enactments in the mari
time laws now being made by Congress.
Ed Rosenberg stated that Senator Frye
of Maine is doing all in his power to revive
the sailor slavery of former days, when
seamen could be flogged at tbe direction
of brutal masters and be imprisoned in
American ports on the slightest exense
and where no crime is committed. He
cited the case of the foftr Arago sailors on
this coast, who were imprisoned for nine
months simply because they declined to
sail irom a northern port after having
signed articles in this port The United
States Supreme Court decided in favor of
the ship-owners, and it is likely that the
men will be imprisoned several months
longer when their cases are disposed of in
the United States District Court. The
meeting will be addressed by Mayor
Phelan, James Barry, H. H. Hutton and
other prominent speakers, who will voice
a protest against the m justice to the sea
faring men.
It was decided to bold the meeting
under the auspices of the Labor Council.
The ofQc r< nominated at the last meet
ing, as puulishel in The Call, were
elected and installed.
Michael Raphael, business agent of the
cigar-makers' unions of New York, deliv
ered an interesting address upon the sub
ject of tenement-house-made cigars. He
spoke particularly of one large firm that
employs thousands of persons who live in
the vilest of surroundings ana scarcely
earn $9 a week when the whole family la-
Dors. The cigars made under these con
ditions are regarded and sold by the mil
lions on the Pacific Coast as the oest. He
is making a tight against the firm in ques
tion because the firm refuses to better rhe
condition of its employes. The council
passed a resolution indorsing the move
ment of the blue label crusade that Mr.
Raphael represents.
NEW TO-DAT
(^ll A MAN'S '
/-Jt^S\ v ENERGY.
*/ > 'J^M^^'^M- It is the element of success In all his
V . 0r »M*&MlP'^ * ■■■ undertakings. The snap and vigor that
}'** — ' Mm is the characteristic of some men is the
K-Wr ■ gift that nature has bestowed upon all
\iffl mankind who has not abused -her laws.
Some men have never experienced the
strength of nerve, the courage and self-confidence that mark the manly man. They
have wasted their vitality in early indiscretions. Others have felt the fire of youth
only to lose it by dissipation and excesses. These are the men who look with envy
upon the man who has preserved the gift of nature, and the feeling of despair at their
own weakness destroys the little confidence they have in their own abilities. Young
man, is this your condition? Then why don't you listen to the voices of thousands
who have been c,ured? Why go on from day to day realizing that you are losing
your nerve force, your manhood, when you can see a cure within your grasp? ;\v .
1 ' _ DR. SANDEN'S ELECTRIC BELT
Is curing thousands of men in your. condition. By its use you can send your life
blood bounding through your veins, feel the exhilarating ■ sparks of manly, power in
your nerves, the brightness return to your eye, and the grip which clasps your fellow
by the hand and tells him that you have found your Mecca— you have regained your
manhood. New cases are reported daily.
". -->V- \> '".*{, SAN FRANCISCO, January 26, 1897.
■'-;. DR. A. T. SANDEN— Dear Sir: I; was all broken down with- debility. My nerves were
completely shattered and I had severe pains in tue back. I could eat nothing without great
distress afterward. I had been weak for years from losses resulting from early indiscretions.
Now, after wearing your Belt, my pains are all gone, appetite good and my strength restored.
My losses fire stopped and I feel strong and hearty area in. I have gained eleven pounds in the
last month. Your* respectfully,- * JOSEPH HENRICH, 153 Tehama Street.
Every spark is a wave of animal life giving new energy to the body. Thousands
of men are praising Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt. Its touch is the touch of magnetism,
the healthful essence >of vitality ; that makes strong men and women. : Read ' Dr.
Sanden's new book "Three Classes of Men." It is sent free, sealed; by mail to all
who cannot call at the office. A personal call or a study of this book may save you
years of suffering and misery. \ '''■
SAINT ID ZEUST eijbotiiio CO..
: 632 MARKET ST., OPPOSITE { PALACE HOTEL, SAN FRANCISCO.
Office hours— B A. M. to 8:30 P. M. ; Sundays, 10 to 1. Los Angeles Office 204 South Broad-
way ; Portland. Or.. 253 Washington street; Denver, Colo., 933 Sixteenth street
KOXii.— .Hake no mistake in the number— 338 Market street.
HER FINAL REST
IN LAUREL HILL
The Remains of Mrs. Mary
E Flood Laid in the
Vault.
Only Four Mourners Belonging
to the Family Followed
the Casket
No Will Known to Exist, as the Prop
erty of the Deceased Had Been
Transferred to H r Children.
The last sad rites of the church and the
final adieu of the immediate relatives of
the late Mrs. Mary Emma Flood, widow
of the deceased millionaire, James C.
Flood, were held at the brownstone resi
dence of the Flood family yesterday fore
noon at 10 :30 o'clock.
The Rev. Father Wyman of St. Mary's
Church, on Dupont and California streets,
conducted the services in the parlors of
the mansion, afier whirh he withdraw,
leaving but the immediate relatives to bid
a final adieu.
There was no concourse of visitors, and
the usual formalities attending the fune
ral of the rich, such an honorary pallbear
ers and floral offerings, were entirely dis
pensed with. N. Gray, the undertaker,
provided the body- bearers, and with two
black horses attached to the hearse, the
casket was silently borne to its last resting
place in Laurel Hill cemetery, followed
by four carriages.
Two of these contained James L. Flood,
Richard H. Folhs and his son James H.
and James E. Walsh, the private secretary
of James L. Flood. The other two car
riages contained the male servants and
the' manager of the San Mateo residence.
There wire no ladies present. Miss Flood
remained at home.
IROQUOIS OPPOSE RAINEY
Alter a Stormy Meeting They
OppDse # His Bills to In
crease Pay. »
There was a stormy meeting of the
Iroqaois Club last night and it was nearly
midnight when the warring factions dis
persed.
The friends of the Police and Fire de
partments were numerous at the meeting.
Police Court clerks. Fire Department em
ployes and many from the Street Depart
ment packed the halls and a desperate
effort was made to hare the ciub indorse
those bills now pending in the Legislature
which seek to increase the salaries of de
tectives and of nearly everybody in the
Fire Department.
After a long, Heated debate the Fire and
Police departments were defeated, except
that the club favored a paid Fire Depart
ment and recommended thnt Fire Chief
Sullivan's salary be raised to $5000.
Joseph Leggett and Raymond Robins
made arguments against the proposed
bills. Mr. Legeett said it wonld be crimi
nal folly to pay out more money at a time
when the public schools are about to close
for lack of funds. He said that the pro
posed measure would increase the ex
penses of the City nearly $200,000 per
annum.
The attempt to have the «lub indorse
the pending bills was defeated by a Tote
ol 41 to 34.
Astronomical Lecture.
At the meeting of the Astronomical Society
of the Pacific, to be held at the California
Academy of Sciences this evening, Charles B.
Hill will deliver a lecture on the recent de
velopments in astronomical photography,
illustrated by lantern slides. Charles Burck
halter will read a paper on the next total
solar cciipse in India. A number of other
papers will be rend by title. Any one inter
ested in these subjects is welcome to attend
the meeting.
_ ■_- ■'. -■*■■'■ KT.W TO-DAT— DRY GOODS.
,v SPECIAL • sol%g c% iss%h<£ ■■• «! :
111 nirnn T »mTn vH/WMX >'( vVT M \' W
1 EVEMM VT^^AW
I OiVLYr /ttV^W«| "'
' T FROM 7:30 TIL 10 O'CLOCK— Wl\ J // //I, '
]\\ AOT BEFORE If; I 1 ]&^> ip J* \
we will entertain you this evening with / f fvTS r "^ '/ A
some interesting price-cutting, We don't A / i« Xfll '/I \-
■ cut prices on paper, but on the goods IN \W\ /I X *, . .
'fit themselves. Read those given in this nil \\ j V / I V.. V SI
list and then call and prove each one of '/ ' Xi I' \v J \^v ''
them. What we say we always do. / » I ]r*4»< —^J
4 \ Maybe deception Is practiced; but not t^ . b/sL
5 DOUBLE-FOLD SCOTCH PLAIDS, %
X 6i CENTS A YARD A
JL '■ A beautiful new lot just received and put on "special" before they've X
\J had time to get cold; all tne favorite clans; Victoria, Macgregor, Stuart, V
A* Campbell and others; heavy twilled cloth, almost 34 inches wide. Value A
V 15c a yard. V
9 TWO-CLASP KID GLOVES, $
I S^* 75 CENTS A PAIR X
Vr : The new rich shades of butter, champagne, silver gray, pearl, mode, jf
0 white, tans and brown, in all sizes; the new two-tone zig-zag silk em- O
T broidered backs and colored welts. Value $1 25 a pair. JL
X LACE EDGE VEILS, 6
6 L • S^* 10 CENTS EACH (S
1 . Another lot just received, mostly black nets, but a few colors among A
V them; all over a yard long and edged around three sides with French Va- V
A lenciennes lace; both dotted and plain meshes. Value at 25c. Q
0 TWILLED CAROLA UMBRELLAS, $
9 XT 3D CENTS EACH 6
Q They are 26 and 28 inch sizes, suitable for men or women ; lovely natural Q
©Oo wood handles, in hooks, loops and crooks; imported steel frames, covered «>o
A with the wear-resisting carola cloth, a material resembling twilled surah A
V silk. Value at $1. V
9 DRESDEN FLOWERED RIBBONS, 9
X £3^ 15 CENTS A YARD V
V The most exquisite combinations and color blendings, such as cerise, V
Q heliotrope, cardinal, goid, delft blue, green and others, on darK grounds; Q
I all warp printed pure silk goods, not surface printed. They range in widths JL
0 from 2to 2)4 inches, and are of a quality usually commanding from 35c to O
JL 50c a yard. j>
A LADIES' BLACK HOSE, 6
A . CENTS A PAIR $
1 The renowned Louis Hermsdorf fast black dye, guaranteed not to crock fa
V or fade; full-finished goods, made of combed Egyptian cotton yarn, elastic V
A tops and full length. Regular value 25c a pair. " A
6 EASEL BACK MIRRORS, O
6 10 CENTS EACH 6
A An actual necessity to every dressing table, and .particularly so at such Q
X a price; beveled edge Frencn-plate glass, 6x4 inches: easeled leatherette X
(,/ back, ornaments of brass in each of the four corners. Value 25c V
9 ALL-SILK CHANGEABLE SURAHS, $
9 i^" 4o CENTS A YARD 9
V The "bargain de resistance" of the sale, the newest of the new things Sr
(S for the coming season. Changeable effects will be much in vogue, and A
aim surahs particularly so. All the favorite two-toned color combinations so •<! |
" f popular last season in taffetas, only brought out much lovelier and more f
l clearly defined in these surahs. ?If any are to be had in the city you'll find I l
441 the price 75c a yard. ■ ' #41
101 MUSLIN 01EBI EAR SALE I
, 1 Has been affecied somewnat by the inclement weather — not such big crowds ,\
525 as there would otherwise have been. So much the better for you. Full as- SS |
"if sortments of everything still on hand. Just as good values now as the first f
day. They are worth coming after, even in the rain.
441 CORSET C0VER5.................. 9c, 15c, 19c. 25c and up 44 i
•If LADIES' DRAWERS ...19c, 25c, 33c, 35 , 4(,c, 49c and up II '
NIGHT R08E5...:....' 39c, 45c, 59c, 75c, -5c and up '
,in LADIES' SKIRTS .........39c, 59c. 75c, 98c and up i
■II CHILDREN'S DRAWERS, 8c a pair; for smallest sizes 2c rise ■ !
1 f per size. 1
ill INFANTS' ROBES— An assorted lot, worth up to $5 apiece, all J
£•§ marked at $1 apiece. Ml
JJ SPECIAL VALUES IN CHILDREN'S and INFANTS' WEAR of all kinds
* *Prqp& <$$&& Hojxc^^
MARKET AND TAYLOR STS,
■ msrw TO-DAT.
(
fAT AUCTION
TUESDAY.
TUE5DAY.......... FJSBBCAKT 3. 189 7,
. At 12 o'clock noon,
AT OUR SALESROOM, 638 MARKET ST.
, Business and Residence Property. '
Southeast corner Broadway and Mason street:
Improvements— brick and wooden bulldines, comp-
rising store and several tenements; this is a good
business outlook; will pay well at present and
better in the future; full ren.* $107: several cable
roads: street in basalt rock; corner lot, 68:9x53:6.
Post-Street Property.
North line (No. 822) of Post st, 137:6 east of
Hyde— Front residence of 7 rooms: rear residence
of 5 rooms; this must soon be business; Post, Sui-
ter and Geary street cables; large lot, 26:9x120.
Golden Gate Park Residence.
East line (No. 216) of Ash bury st, 100 north of
Fell— Handsome 2-s.orv bay-windowed residence;
> 7 rooms and bath high basement: cement stone'
iwalk; iron fence; brick foundation: fine home:
one-half block from Golden Gate Park; several
cable roads; lot 26x103 feet.
Mission Investment Property. .
Northeast line (Nos. 38. 33% and 35) or Moss
St.. bet. lolsom and Howard and • Sixth and sev-
enth — Buildings comprise six tenements of 4 and 5
rooms; full rents S6^; splendid street-car accom-
modations; lot ollx7S.
Magnificent Corner I.ot.
Southwest corner of Pacific and Jones sts. :
would pay well win stores below and flats above;
good location for business: | Pacific st. In basalt
rock and cement stone walk: Jackson and Hyde-
si, cables; large corner lot. 60x62:4. ■
Pacific Heigh Kesidence Lot*.
West line of Pierce st, 45 south of Vallejo: two
handsome residence lots; grand rnarin- view,
beautiful surroundings: street paved, in fine con-
dition and sewered; examine these for a home*
sutler, Fill more and Union car lines; lot 27:6 x
112:6-
-: ..Oak-Street Business Property.
South line of Oak st., 187:6 west of Devisadero:
two handsome business lots: Improved with stores
below and flats aoove; this U a • mess proposi-
tion and will rent quickly: must be sold; street in
fine condition; two lots. 25x137:6 ■
. Western Addition Home.
South line (No. 2627) of Sutter st., 60 east of
Lyon; building, two-story, bay-windows aud 7
rooms and bath; street in basalt rock; lot 22 :6 x
110. . _____
Excelsior Homestead; Association.'
.;. Large lot on northwest • line of ; Lisbon' St.. 150
southwest from Italy aye.; electric road; Improve-
ments are the order of the day in this vicinity;
this property is a speculation for a big advance: '
lot 75x10u.
Western Addition Residence Lot. '
East line of Pierce st., 91 :» north of Filbert:
near Presidio Reservation and Fulton Iron Works;
sunny side of the street; must be sold: - Uuiou-st.
cable; street in basalt rock: lot 22:11x100. '
! . For Catalogue Inquire of •
ASTON', '■■; tLDKIDGK & CO., ,
- 638 Market St. ! , Auctioneers. ■ ,
JCEW TO-DAT.
SOTICE IS¥ITLIG_SEALE» PROPOSALS
For the Purpose of Sale of Bonds of
the City of San Jose.
Taß MAYOR AND COMMON COUNCIL OP
the City of San Jose, having by ordinance en-
titled "An ' ordinance providing for the issuance
and sale of bonds of the City of ?-an Jose," etc,
passed on tne 21st day of December. 1896, and
approved On the 23d day of December, 1893,
ordained that there should be Issued by said city
of ban Jose six hundred high school bulldlug
bonds, of the denomination of $125 each, and four
hundred sewer bonds of the denomination of SIUO
each, both clasps of bonds to bear Interest at til >
: rate of *y% \er cent per annum, payable semi-
annually, and a. so by said ordinance authorized
; and directed the City Clerk of said city- to give
I notice inviting proposals for the salts of said bauds,
now then-fore
Public notice Is hereby given that the City of San
Jose intends to issue one thousand bonds aforesaid,
and that sealed proposals will be received at th»
cilice of said City Clerk, at the City Hal. In San
Jose, California, until the hour of eight o'c:oc<
M.. on the eighth day of February, 1897 (at
which time, or as soon thereatter as said Mayor
and Common Council shall duly convene, said bids
will be opened), for the purchase of the whole or
any part of said high school building and sewer
bonds, or either tnereot Said bonds' are to bear
(Sate June 1. 1897, ana the inter thereon lobs
paid sen i-«nnnal!y on the first day >.f December
and the flru day or June •of ench year thereafter,
both prmclpa. and interest payable in gold cola or
lawful money "fine United .Stales
Saidhlch school building bonds shall be num-
bered consecutively from one to six hundred, both
Inclusive, and be divided into iorty series, num-
bered cons^cnttvel irom one to ;orty, buth In-
clusive, tach series consisting of fifteen bondi;
the first series is 10 include those bonds which ar»
I numbered from one to fifteen, both inclusive, and
each succeeding series is. to include the fifteen
bonds numbered consecutively after those in-
cluded in the next preceding series
tsatd newer bends sha.l be numbered consecu-
tively from one to four hundred, both inclusive,
and b > divided into, forty series numbered »"on-
secnttveiy from one to forty, both inclusive, each
series consisting of ten bonds; the first series is to
Include thos? bonds wn.ch are numbered -from
one to ten, both inclusive, and each succeeding
series Is to Include the ten bonds numbered con-
secutirely after those included in tue next pre-
ceding series. ■ •
The first series of said high school building
bonds and said kci bonds sh ill be made payable
on (hi first day of June. 1898, and one of the re-
valuing series is to be made payable oa the first
day or June in each succeeding calendar year •
tl.f'nf er. until and including the ye*r 1937.
IM.id bouds are to be made payable to the order of
1 the purchaser or payee by- name, and to each of
Bui I bond* there U to be attached interest-bearing
coupons, double in number to the number of years
wbicu such bond has to run before its maturity.
Proposals mint stat« the price offered, the descrip-
tion of the. desired and be. accompanied by
a cerllficd'Clieck o.i some respoaslUe bank, pay-
able to the order of - the Mayor of said City, for at
least ten per cent of the amount bid, said check to '
be returned to bidder In case the bid is not ao-
c pied. ■ The purchase money for said bonds shall
be paid In gold coin of the * United states within
nicety days after notice of acceptance. ; The right >
to accept Miy or all bids and to reject any or all
bids, or portions of bids, is hereby expressly re-
served. . . . J. W. COOK, City Clerk.
Dated January 3d, 1887. -v- ■ ' '
Baja California
Damiana Bitters
IS A POWERFUL 'APHRODISIAC AND
specific tonic for the sexual and urinary organs
of LOth sexes, and a great ; remedy for diseases of
th* kidneys and bladder. A . great ' .Restorative, .
Invlgorator and Nervine * Sells on its own Merita; •
no long-winded testimonials nece-sary- ■
NAIJKK, & BRUJfK, Agent*,
323 Market St.; S. F. — (Send for Circular)
: cosmopolilt a. :xr .
Opposite U. :S. Mint, ; 100 ■ and 103 Fifth St., .San
Francisco, Cai — The most select family hotel in
the city. Board and room f1,91 25 and $1 50 per
day, according : to room. - Meals 25c. . Booms' 50a
and 75c a day. , .Free coach to and from . the ho. mi.
.Look tor the couch oearity the name of the Co*
uujiuiiuu iloiei, ••■-•; WM. fc'AHK V, i'i-upriatot
56
Wkft r €Ml
SATURDAY JANUARY SO, 1897
CHARLES M. SriORTRIDQE,
Editor and Proprietor.
SUBSCRIPTION RATBS-Postaza Free:
Daily and Sunday Call, one week, by carrier. .$ 0.18
Dally and Sunday Call, one year, by mall 6.00
Daily and Sunday Call, six months, by mall.. 3.00
Dally and Sunday Call, three months by mall .50
Dally and Sunday Call, one month, by mall.. .69
Sunday Calx, one year, by mall 1.60
V» iiKLi Call, one year, by mall •» *•••
BUSINESS OFFICE:
10 Market Street,
San Francisco, California.
Telephone Malß-liM
EDITORIAL ROOMS:
BIT Clay Street.
Telephone Maln-1174
BRANCH OFFICBS:
627 Montgomery street, corner day? open nntll
9:SO o'clock.
339 Hayes street; open until 8:80 o'clock.
615 Lark In street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
sw, corner sixteenth and Mission streets; open
until 9 o'clock.
2518 Mission street: open until 9 o'clock.
167 Ninth street; open until 9 o'clock.
1305 Polk street; open until 9:80 o'clock.
OAKLAND OFFICB:
908 Broadway.
EASTERN OFFICE:
Booms 31 and 32, 3* Park Row, New Tor* City.
DAVID M. FOLTZ, Eastern Manager.
THE CALL SPEAKS FOR ALL.
Cabinet making proere«ses.
McKinley is doing the job well.
Lyman Gage will suit the office and the
country.
Craelman is certainly a myth — there
cannot be any such übiquitous cuss.
The passage of the glove contest bill
gives Nevada a fighting chancofor a boom.
The Chronicle calls it "creelmanizing,"
but "longgreening" would be better.
Leave your orders to-day for The Sun
day Call and provide your leisure with
good reading.
All that Nevada asks of the aountry is
to furnish the prize-fighters. She will fur
nish the sand.
Eastern storms are destructive, but our
so-called storms are rains that bring a
blessing with them.
It seems that Lyman Gage voted for
Cleveland in 18S4, but he repented early
and never did it again.
Professor Langley gives good reports oi
his airship and the next thing he gives us
ought to be a public trial.
When Senator Dubois left the Republi
can party he stepped on the toboggan
Blide and now he is in the snowdrift.
The Legislature is making as much of
the payroll scandal as if it expected never
to have another, and let us hope it won't.
Among the features of The Sunday
Call there are some of special interest to
you. Don't fail to get the paper and read
them.
Idaho sends to the United States Senate
a Populist who has never been known to
make a speech. This is a real surprise
party.
The Senatorial fight in Washington
seems to be so hot at both ends it is im
possible to handle it either way with
safety.
According to the Examiner Li Yung
Yuen is in Havana and San Francisco at
tiie same time, and as for Creelman he is
every w Here.
The Illinois Legislature has tackled the
job of regulating department store?, just
as if it were not something of a variety
junkshop itself.
If Congress undertakes to prevent the
scalping of railroad tickets it ought at the
same time prevent the price of those tick
ets from scalping the pubiic.
A great splutter has arisen in Chicago
over a proposition to give the Mayor
$20,000 a year, and it is safe to say that
many a Mayor has helped himself to more
money without making half the noise.
The Examiner has at last found out the
name of the Chinrse Consul-General in
this City, and if it had not stopped to
fake that Chine3e dispatch it might have
found it out on the clay Little Pete was
killed.
San Francisco can well afford to be gen
erous in her aid to the stricken people of
India, for California has profited by the
loss of the Indian wheat crop and it is
only right for us to help those from whose
injury we have derived gain.
The rams will be of benefit to miners
who wish to work their claims as well as
to the farmers and orchardists. In fact,
almost every industry in the State has
been benefited and the outlook for pros
perity has been brightened by the clouds.
The Chronicle recalls the "special cable"
of the Examiner asserting that the Colima
had "split on a rock," when she really
sank in sixty fathoms of water, "and it is
hardly necessary for the Examiner to re
iterate the statement and add that it was
absolutely true."
Any and every bill before the Legis
lature that tends its any way to prevent or
check the construction of railways ought
to be promptly rejected. California needs
more facilities for transportation and it
would be folly to enact laws that would
diminish the chance of getting them.
It is only a short time ago that the
Bradley-Martins were caught in what
looked very much like smuggling articles
of wearing apparel through the Custom
house, and now they are going to give a
$300,000 ball and masquerade, but of course
none of the family will appear as smug
glers.
The rapidity with which Randsburg has
developed from the wild and wooliy stage
to the customs of high society is astonish
ing. It is already enjoying a report that
the prettiest married woman in the dis
trict has eloped with a handsome young
man, and all that it Jacks now is a di
vorce case, an opera-house and a bicycle
rink.
Let us give the little devil his due.
When The Call began to supply the
people of California with the news service
of the United Press Willie Hearst had
sense enough to see that it was the best in
the world and at once followed the lead of
The Call and obtained the same service
for the Examiner. This showed a degree
of perspicacity on the part of the faker,
but it does not justify him in bragging
that his paper has now a better news ser
vice than The Call.
BEWARE OF THE BLACKMAILER.
The time is approaching when the Supervisors will be called upon to fix the rates
which the water and the gas companies will be permitted to charge consumers.
This duty is one of the most important which devolve upon the Supervisors, and
the people look to those officials to deal with it honestly and impartially, so that no
extortion or inequalities may be practiced upon citizens by these corporations.
Public expectation of a favorable consideration of the claims of consumers against
any excessive charges of the companies is at this time well founded. The address of
Mayor Phe lan on taking office called attention to some of the alleged abuses of the
companies, and urged upon tne Supervisors a thorough invesiigation of the subject.
If the honest members of the board be upheld there is a fair assurance of relief for the
people from many, if not from all, of the things of which they have complained in
the past
Until yesterday everything looked well for the proposed reform. There was every
prospect that the work would be undertaken in the proper way, that an honest and
thorough investigation would be made and good results obtained. There is now,
however, a menace of danger. A new factor has been introduced into the problem.
There is a threat that forebodes divisions and dissensions.
The Examiner has entered the field ravening for booale and blackmail.
It has sprung forth to attack the companies with a fierceness which can be as
suaged only by money. It has devised methods which will enable it to seize its prey
without leaving its ambush. If it should furnish facts, figures, arguments and statis
tics on which to base a claim for a reduction of rates it will not fee done to benefit the
public, but to enable itself to levy blackmail. It will get up monster petitions. It
will put these to the front. If the companies come down with the coin these petitions
will be dropped in the wastebasket. The people are to do the fighting. The Exam
iner is to get the spoils.
The Examiner methods of dealing with corporations have been frequently exposed
and are well understood. When it drew $1000 a month from the railroad company it
had no word to fay for the rights of the public. When Mr. Huntington flung off the
horseleech it began at once to circulate a monster petition. That much is of record,
and its pertinence to the present case is obvious.
it is not known to the public whether the Examiner in the past has drawn sub
sidies from the water and the gas companies as it did from the railroad, but it is
known that in the past it has never got up petitions against them. Tue duty of the
Supervisors to fix rates has lone; been the same as now, the abuses complained of have
been practiced for years, the rights of the people have been in the past as they are to
day, but the Examiner has never been eetting ud petitions on the subject until now.
To those who have watched the course of the Examiner and its proprietor of late
there will be no surprise in this sudden change of tactics. Cut off from the subsidy it
is known to have received Iroin the Southern Pacific Company, and perhaps deprived
of wonted subsidies from other companies, the Examiner has been a losing fake for
many a day. The drain of the New York Journal on Mr. Hearst's pocket, already
amounting to millions, has added to the embarrassment of the Examiner. Mr. Hearst
has expended all the money he is permitted to draw from his father's estate. He
never earned an honest dollar in his life. It is now necessary to make money, how
ever, and Long Green Lawrence has been turned loose to gather it how he can.
To earn money legitimately is beyond tho faculties of tne Examiner management.
Fakers they are while faking is profitable, and wnen that fails they turn to even more
questionable mean 3. The offer of a "yard of daisies" or of bull pups for advertise
ments does not always bring them. The offer of a comic song every Sunday does not
appeal to people who care enough for newspapers to subscribe for them. The Exam
iner is at the end of its fakes and at the end of Hearst's inherited wealth. It longs to
return to the subsidies of old, and is now petitioning for them under the guise of peti
tioning for a reduction in water and gas rates.
It is, we believe, unnecessary for us to do more at this time than to warn the
public against the danger which lies in this threat of the Examiner. The companies
will not need such a warning. They have doubtless had the same experience as the
Southern Pacific. It is to the people, therefore, the warning must be given. The
citizens of San Francisco are tired of that viciousness which thrives on public abuses.
They desire to see an end of cinch-bill legislation and blackmail journalism. They
wish justice done to property and to manhood alike.
Along these lines oi honesty The Call has pursued its way, under its past and its
present management. It protects the rights of the people against any possible
injustice of corporations or monopolies, but will never fail to defend honestly invested
capital from the attacks of blackmailers. It will expose all such rascals as the
Examiner, and continue to hold them up to the scorn and contempt of honest men.
A WELCOME BAIJT.
No illustration more impressive of the i
difference between the climate of Califor- *
nia and that of the East can be found than >
in the contrast of what is rignified in the
two sections by the word "storm." We '
have just had what we call a storm and
the East has had a similar experience. In
the East the storm came with heavy snow,
driven by icy blizzards, destroyinc crops
andorchards in the rural districts, carry
ing suffering and often death to the poorly
fed people of the cities and bringine ex
treme discomfort even to the richest. In '
California the storm has come in a rain
which in a literal sense has showered ;
blessings o'er the smiling land.
The rains which have jußt fallen have
been fairly general in their nature and
will be of immense profit to the State, j
The miners in the mountains have hailed
them with welcome, because they have
enabled mining claims to be worked with
greater ease and profit. Farmers in the
San Joaquin received them with satisfac
tion, because they mean better crops, both
of hay and of grain. To orchardists
they have been as timely as if they had
been ordered. Thousands of young trees
were set out durine the fair weather which
preceded the rain, and the so-called storm
has come just in time to furnish them the
moisture needed for their speedy growth
and development.
It would be impossible to calculate the
benefit the rain which has just fallen has
been to the State, It has been timely in
every sense of the word. It will nourish
everything that grows and add to the
wealth that will be produced during the
coming season. It gives a fair assurance
to all cultivators of the soil that they will
reap from their labors a bountiful harvest
and find during the year a prosperity
which wiil abundantly repay the work of
their hands.
Up to this time the winter has been an
almost ideal one. It has furnished rain
and sunshine in exactly the alternations
that were most beneficial to the people of all
sections of the State. We had the early rains
which were needed to start the fail pastures
with grass and prepare the way for fall
plowing. Then came the interlude of fair
weather which enabled the plowing to
be done, and afterward in due season
came further rain. Then followed the
fair weather of the past weeks during
which the planting of new trees in
orchards was briskly carried forward until
the work was accomplished, and now on
the young trees has fallen the rain which
was necessary for them.
Unless something unforeseen happens
and some late frost falls this will be a
great year for the producers of California.
We call these rainfalls by the name of
storms, but we do not think them so.
They are not like the storms of the East.
They do not come with disasters, but
with blessings. They are not dreaded but
welcome.
LYMAN GAGE.
In the selection of Lyman Gage of Chi
cago for the office of Secretary of the
Treasury President-elect McKinley has
been even more fortunate than in gaining
Senator Sherman for the office of Secre
tary of State. Mr. Gage is not so eminent
nor perhaps so strong a man as Senator
Sherman, but while the Senator will be a
doubtful quantity in the State office Mr.
Gage is undoubtedly by training, experi
ence and ability well fitted for the duty
of conducting the affairs of the depart
ment to which he has been called.
There are lew bankers in the country
more eminent than Mr. Gage and none
more favorably regarded or held in higher
esteem both by the public and by bankers.
His reputation in the community is due
to the fact that he has made himself
known as something more than a busi
ness banker. He has studied the subject
of finance in all its branches and has
taken a prominent part in the recent dis
cussions of the subject. To him banking
is something more than lending money
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JANUARY 30, 1897.
across the counter on good security. Be
recognizes its relation to finance gener
ally, and understands that banking is but
a portion of the great work" which finance
does ir>the mechanism of modern society.
He will enter his office, therefore, broadly
cultured on the subject of his duty, and
will be well able to fulfill it with usefulness
to the public and honor to himself.
While Mr. Gage has been more noted
as a financier than as a statesman, there
can be no question of his fitness to per
form the statesman's work in dealing
with the financial problems of the Gov
ernment. He is a true Republican, and is
in sympathy with the party on all the
great issues of the time. In a recent in
terview he declared that he was in full
agreement with President-elect McKinley
not only on the money question but on
the tariff. He stands for all that is im
plied in sound money, protection and re
ciprocity, and will be a true representative
of genuine Republicanism.
In another respect Mr. Gage is a man
whose appointment to high office will be
satisfactory to the people. He is one of
those self-made men whom Americans
delight to honor. His success in lile has
been due to his own industry, energy and
talents. He has risen to high positions
because he has shown himself faithful in
those of a subordinate character. Every
work intrusted to his hands has been
rightly performed. He has never been a
deficit banker and he will not ba a deficit
Secretary of the Treasury. We can look
to him for an efficient management of the
finances of the Nation and be well as
sured that when he retires from office he
will deserve the commendation of the
people in the words, "Good and iaithful
servant, well done I"
NEWS SEEVIOE.
That the managers of the Examiner have
no appreciation of the real Issue between
legitimate journalism and fake journalism
is made evident by the manner and tone
of the reply which they make to the ex
posure of the Chinese dispatch story which
they recently published. Instead of reply
ing to the charge that the story was a fake
ridiculous on its face they enter into a
long, labored, vehement and uncalled for
delense of their general news service.
The Call has never condemned that
part of the news service of the Examiner
whicn is genuine. It has had no reason
for so doing. As soon as The Call passed
into the hands of the present proprietor it
began to furnish the people of San Fran
cisco and California with the news reports
of the United Associated Press. The ex
cellence of this service and its superiority
over any hitherto Known on the coast was
soon manifest, and it is to the credit of
Mr. Hearst that he had the sagacity to soe
it and aaopt it. The Examiner therefore
at the present time receives the same news
service as The Call. This fact is a suffi
cient proof of the perspicacity of Mr.
Hearst, but it certainly does not justify
him or his managers in claiming that they
have a better news service than anybody
else, or in publishing ridiculous fakes and
reiterating that they are true when the
public well knows they are false.
Our objection is not to the news service
of the Examiner, but to its fakes. Any
reports it receives from the United Press
are all right, bat the reports it gets by the
fakelectropbone from such personages as
the Emperor of China are certainly to be
condemned. To sell such fakes for news
is to obtain money under false pretenses,
and to brag about tin m and to reiterate
them shows something like a total de
pravity of the intellect or a degeneration
of the brain tissue.
The Chronicle of yesterday pointed out
some of the recent fakes oJ the Examiner
and showed in a humorous way now
ridiculous the Examiner managers are
making themselves in persistently brag
ging of its fakes instead of its genuine
news. For example, the Examiner now
boasts of the dispatches it received during
the Chino-Japanese war from an alleged
correspondent named Creelman. The
Chronicle shows that no Creelman was cot
respondent of the Examiner at the time
when ha was supposed to be reporting the
war. It recalls the fact that the Exam
iner's boasted dispatch of the wreck of the
Colima stated that the steamship had
"split on a rock," when as a matter of fact
it had foundered in sixty fathoms of
water. Several other raw, lurid and
ridiculous fakes of the kind are recalled
by the Chronicle, and the showing is one
whose humor the Examiner may be sure is
heartily onjoyed by the public.
We have no desire to pour vinegar into
open wounds. Our exposure of the Chinese
fake was done as a duty to the public, in
order to save unsuspecting citizens from
the schemes of those who swindle them
with fakes instead of news. We also had
a desire to awaken Mr. Hearst to a sense
of the fact that he is being made a guy by
his long-green manager, and is being
"worked for the stuff" like the softest
thing on record. If the Examiner will
stick to the news service of the United
Associated Press, which it wisely followed
The Call in obtaining, it will receive
public approval. If, however, it has so
little sense of the ridiculous as to persist
in bragging and boasting of what the
Chronicle calls "creelmanizing," it must
expect to be laughed at by the general
public and denounced by those wnom it
swindles.
PERSONAL.
H. Smith of Redding is in the City.
H. L. Hobbs of Fresno is cm a visit here.
£. £. Bryoselbont of Paris is at the Palace.
i). S. McLena of Kendriok, Idaho, is at the
Russ.
F. A. Boale, a merchant of Red Bluff, Is in
town.
M. J. Cady, owner of a hotel at Sonoma, is in
the City.
W. H. i'eelor, a budness man of Orange, is at
the Russ.
John J. Mooney oi Visalia is spending a few
days here.
W. S. Bates of Golconda, Nev., arrived here
yesterday.
Arthur H. Clark of Cedar Rapids, lowa, is at
the Grand.
G. Stuart Simons of San Antonio, Texas, is at
the Palace.
P. J. McKenna of Brooklyn, N. V., arrived
here yesterday.
C. O. Johnson of San Luis Obispo is a late ar
rival in the City.
L. Chandler of Pescadero has arrived here
for a few days' stay.
Ex-Congressman Louttit arrived here from
Stockton yesterday.
R. E. Hyde, a wealthy business man of Vi
salia, is in the City.
John Lane, a mining man of Spokane, ar
rived here yesterday.
Sheriff James Quirk of Story County, Ne
vada, is on a visit here.
C. W. Thompson, a general-store keeper of
Tomalea, is at the Russ.
George W. Patterson of Bishop, Inyo County,
is a recent arrival here.
F. L. Savage of Nortbport, Wash., and Mrs.
Savage are at the Grand.
Charles Platt of Colfax, Wash., accompanied
by Mrs. Platt, is at the Lick.
A. R. Colburn of Tacoma, accompanied by
Mrs. Colburn, is in the City.
J. F. Condon, a mining and Dullness man of
Verdi, Nev., is on a visit here.
D. K. Slavin of Battle Mountain, Nev., is
a recent arrival at the Baldwin.
Louis Einstein, a well-to-do merchant of
Fresno, is here on a business trip.
James F. Farraher of Yuba, ex-District At
torney of Siskiyou County, is in town.
Congressman-elect Marion <le Vries of Stock
ton and Mrs. de Vries are at the Grand.
J. H. B. Hull of Eldridge, Cal., arrived hera
last evening and is at the Cosmopolitan.
Henry S. A. Dittenhoefer of New York was
one of the arrivals by last night's Central Pa
cific tram.
H. Rogers, a rancher of Salinas, Is in the
City on business, and is registered at the
Cosmopolitan.
A party consisting of E. J. Daniels, Mrs.
Daniels and Miss Cora Daniels of Sioux Falls,
S. D., are at the Baldwin.
Ira G. Holtt, ex-Superintendent of Public
Instruction, arrived here yesterday from Bur
lliigame, and is at the Occidental.
John W. Garrett and Graeme Trumbuil, of
Baltimore, and W. J. Colton of Phoenix, Ariz.,
who have been on an extended trip through
Arizona and Southern California, arrived here
last night.
Captain F. R. Brlghtman, an old whaler of
New Bedford, Mass., who is interested in whal
ing ships here, arrived here yesterday and is
at the Russ. He has come in reference to get
ting his vessels started for the whaling
grounds.
M. A. Kiyama, who has been for a long time
past secretary of the Japanese Legation in St.
Petersburg, is here on his way home to Russia.
W. Fujita, who has been studying in London
and on the Continent for eight years past, is
with him.
Ex-Congressman William Woodburn of Ne
vada arrived here from his home in Carson
yesterday, and is at the Kuss. He has come in
connection with the United States Mint cases
which have been transferred from Nevada to
this City for trial.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK
NEW YORK, N. V., Jan. 29.— At the St.
Cloud, J. W. Booth; Murray Hlli.G. W. Lynch;
Belvedere, Mrs. L. R. Stockwell; St. Denis, W.
Hotcbkiss; Cosmopolitan, J. Redington.
A CHARACTER.
He was always a-sayin': "It's all for the best:"
INo matter what fortune wai bringia'.
He did what he could— left to beaven the rest,
An' went on bis pathway a-singin' t
By day and by night— ln the dark, in the light,
You II find him serene and contented;
The world, to his notion, was traatin' him right,
An' his way wlih its roses was scented.
His life was a lesson all comfortin' sweet I
A life that was Kind and forgivin',
lor who, when the sharp thorns are plercln' his
feet,
Can thank the good Lord that he's llvin'T
But sometimes I think when the heart In the
breast
Is sick with Its sorrow and grlevln*.
If things never happen at all "forihe best,"
We can make 'em the best by betievin'l
FBANK L. BTAHTON.
NEWSPAPER PLEASANTRY
Grieving husband— Oh, dear; what Is delay
ing the funeral ? The rooms are crowded now.
Undertaker's assistant— Mr. Berriem is mak
ing some final arrangements about ihe coffin
and the corpse is not quite ready yet.
Grieving husband— Not ready yet I That's
Hannah all over; she always did like to keep
folks waiting.— Philadelphia Press.
Dormer— l see that a German tailor has made
a fortune by inventing bullet-proof armor.
Blitzen— Thai's good. It will give some
other fellow a chance to make a fortune by
inventing a gun that will shoot holes througn
it.— Twinkles.
Son— Papa, what is history T
Great historian— History, my son, Is an in
dividual opinion on an aggregation of Hearsay
evidence highly colored by tbs prejudice of
the witness.— New York Press.
Conductor— Did I get your fara, airT
Passenger— You must have. You didn't ring
it up ior the company.— Town Topics.
"I am deeply Interested in discovering the
lost tribes of Israel," said Mr. Musty, as he
came in and sat down by the busy editor for
an hour's discussion of the subject
"So?" replied the man of resources. "Why
don't you advertise for them? The business
office is on the first floor. Here, Dick, show
the gentleman to the advertising depart
ment."—Household Words.
"I handed your short story to our reader,"
said the magazine editor, with a ricious smile.
"Yes?" queried the author expectantly.
"And the doctor says he thinks he will be
able to be about after another week's rest."—
North American.
WOULD YOU LIKE TO BE A SOLDIER?
There are many men to-day who would leave a "job" to become one of Uncle Sam's sons in
blue.
The records of enlistment show that "many are offered and few are chosen."
But whatever may be your ideas of the pleasant aspect of the soldiers' life, unless you are
actually in the service you do not know the
facts which The Call will tell you about
to-morrow. , ,
In that issue there will be an article upon
how the soldier gets into the service, what his
duties are, hU opportunities and emoluments,
and how he lives at his post.
It will be a graphic and interesting descrip
tion of the type of soldier who serves in the
army of the United States to-day.
Millionaires ride in Palace cars!
So do Saurians.
The Sunday Call will tell you all about the
enormous and beautifully finished cars which
have actually been fitted up for their traveling
accommodation.
Not for millionaires. Oh, no I for Sau'lans I
Every one is fond of thrilling adventures!
Then no one should fail 10 read the experi
ence of the engineer who faced an awful death !
It isn't a small thing to face death with your
friends around you.
Think, then, of facing It alone in the wilds
of the mountains amid the blackness of the
night!
This thrilling story will bo told by its
hero in the columns of next Sunday's Call.
What of the Children's Page?
Why, it is going to be one of the brightest ever published.
There are going to be stories of winter sports! Tales of what great glee the children are
having where there is snow and ice.
And they are told in such a globing and graphic way that you can imagine yourself
throwing snowballs and skating and having piles of fun, too.
Don't let the children miss this treat that The Sunday Call has prepared for them!
And whoever expected to see a bicycle with sails!
Well, you will see them pretty soon!
Read The Sunday Call and you will know all about this new and wonderful invention
that is destined to create a furor among cyclists.
Another thoroughly interesting story relates to a California pioneer who served his
country faithfully and well, in war and in peace, until he grew old and feeble.
Now he is found to be dying, aloce and in poverty I
Then if you are fond of good things to eat you can learn all about the new and delicious
dish which will soon be a favorite with epicureans.
You liko whist, perhaps, and The Sunday Call has the best edited whist department on the
coast.
And fashions! You get the very latest modes from Paris, London and New York in The
Sunday Call.
In every field The Sunday Call leads, and you cannot fail to find rare enjoyment in the
perusal of ita entertaining: columns.
It will be a genuine library of fine literature and superb stories— all for a nickel.
CREELMANIZING.
San Francisco Chronicle.
In its eagerness to draw the public eye from the harrowing expose of Its Chinese fake the
Examiner makes itself the special champion of James Croelman In his former capacity of war
correspondent of the New York World at the Grand Hotel in Yokohama and the Palace Hotel
in this City. Why it goes back two years and more for the benefit of the World when Mr.
Creelman needs defense for his recent Olney-Canovas canard, perpetrated for the New York
Journal, we cannot say. That is one of the mysteries of the "n. J." At neither of the hotels
where Creelman wrote of battles and sieges in the Chino-Japanese war were his bills paid by
the Examiner. The latter had its own man at the "front," as the bell-boy phrase goes, in the
person of one Morphy, of whom more anon. Mr. Creelman was in other employ, though the
Examiner was permitted, we believe, to borrow his manuscript and exploit the fact as a mar
velous feat of enterprise; but the connection was not cloeo enough to account for the present
anxiety of the Examiner to protect whatever reputation the World man had left when he
hurried back to this country four months before the fight in China was over.
But as our contemporary is so sensitive upon the point we hasten to assure it that Creel
man has been discussed by us not as a person, but as a descriptive term; not as a propor noun,
but as an adjective or participle. The present use of the term "boycott," once the family des
ignation of an Irish landlord, will make our meaning clear. When a newspaper-reading pub
lic has been "creelmanned" we mean that it has been luridly told, for instance, by any new
journal faker, how the Colima, which foundered in sixty fathoms of water, had "split on a
rock." To "creelman" is to report with great circumstantiality of detail that certain bones
found in a Siskiyou cave belonged to a woman who happened at the time to be alive and
well, and that her "murderer," while under arrest, was tormented by the gibbering ghost of
his victim. In brief, "creelmanizing" means that some one, not necessarily the original hum
bug himself, has deceived the public with an elaborate journalistic falsehood.
Take the case of an alleged statement which the Examiner printed some years ago as
coming from ex-Queen Liliuokalani, and of which it now boasts. The story had been put to
gether by a hotel cierk named F. M. English, and had been printed without the former ruler' s
signature. It was a fake pure and simple; that is to say, a creel man. It was entirely natural
to use so convenient a word to describe the faked story of the arrest in China, in the night
after the "Little Pete" murder here, of all the relatives oi the See Yup leaders in San Fran
cisco. The reference was in no sense personal to James Creaiman, who was aot in San Fran -
Cisco or China at the time, but was, at last Recounts, watching for that "looming" revolution
in Spain and for the Olney-Cleveland cartel of complete surrender to Canovas del Castillo.
As to local news service in China in 1894-93, the issue is rather old, not to say stale,
though that may account for the tendency of the n. j. to make much of it. However, if the
Examiner intends to elaborate the theme there is a wide and unharvested field in connection
with the service rendered by its own much-heralded agent, Mr. Morphy— a gentleman whose
whereabouts while the Chronicle representative was following the Japanese guidons in China
would make an entcr.aining story.
AROUND THE CORRIDORS
Lower rates to the coast is what many men
interested in large enterprise* in California
say the State must have before there is great
prosperity. More people are needed here.
There is an enormous territory comprised in
the State boundaries, and but a small popula
tion considering the advantages that are to be
enjoyed when the would-be locator once gets
here.
All this and much more is being set forth by
the proprietors of different enterprises. C. N.
Haramstt of Chicago, who has for some time
been negotiating for a large tract of laud in
Northern California for colonizing purposes,
is at the Grand. He says that after going into
the question of passenger rates to this const
he does not know whether ho can carry out
his colony scheme.
The rates are too high, far more than the
people can stand, but the transcontinental
roads will give no reduction. The rate ought
to be at least half what it is, Mr. Hammett
claims, to properly induce people to come and
settle here.
"If they made investments in land," said he,
"the railroad could well afford to give this rate.
It would make money by doing so. In fact, if
the State was filled up as it ought to be the
railroad would make enormously more than it
does vow. It is short-sighted, in my opinion,
not to give a reduced rate.
"1 have put a great many people into Kansas
during the last few years and have also been
sending them to surrounding States. The
railroads were all glad to give a cheap rate to
land-seekers, and settlers had other reductions
who bought lands.
"Kansas filled up rapidly in many parts.
The cheap rates in that State, as in others,
were of inestimable value, and the roads made
more than anybody else. There ought to be
vastly reduced rates here. As it is it takes a
big sum of money for the average man and
family to come here, and tney just won't stand
it. They can't. They haven't got It."
A DISTINCT OPINION ON THE
TREATY.
Bridgeport Morning Union.
By forming what the diplomatic world will
insist as regarding as an offensive and defen
sive alliance with our traditional enemy, we
snail offend our traditional friend, Russia,
and her ■ friend, our friend and former ally,
France. The support of Russia has been stead
fast and unshaken, and in more than one
crisis her strong arm has been proffered as an
aid. As for what we owe to France, may it
never be forgotten. Shall we turn aside from
the two nations which alone, out of all the
world, entertain amicable feelings toward us
to form an alliance with Great Britain, whose
friendship is a delusion and a snare, and
whose history is a history of deceit and
cruelty ? .-..'..
A final and incidental reason is that the
Senate of the United States should not permit
itself to be bluffed into an action for the grati
fication of two gentlemen who, while making
a grand-stand play for "universal peace," re
fuse to lift a finger to suppress one of the most
murderous and bloody wars of modern his
tory, and one that is being carried on at their
very doorsteps. -• * • ■ ■••-■■'■■■
Cream mixed candies, 25c a lb. Townsend's.*
■ "-.•"■ '...''•".* — . ' —
Strong hoarhound candy, 15c. Townsend's*
■ : '•— — • — ♦ < ;-~. ■
. Form pounds • . Townsend's i famous broken
candy. in handsome basket, only 50c. *
:;. .__ __• # ' * ■ .
Townsend's California glace fruits, 500 lb
in handsome joker etched boxes. 627. Palace.*
■ , -.. :  . ";'.'■•. , ."..," ♦ .'»..- — ——..'■..-•■.'•"■-
Ppkctali I information daily to manufacturers,
business houses and public men by the Prejf
Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Montgomery. *
-, . '. -, — ; » — •— —— ■'■-. ■ ... ■>-.■
Angry caller (at newspaper office)— I
want that little ad. I gave you two days ago—
"Wanted, an electric battery in good working
order"— out. - ■. ..- . .
Advertising clerk— '. is the matter?
Didn't we put it in the right column? \
Angry caller— Column be dashed ! The ad.
overdid the business. My house was struck
by lightning last night.— DuDlin World.
IKRITATIOV OF THE THROAT AND HOARSENESS
are immediately relieved by " Brown' Bronchial
Troche*." Have them always ready.
» • «
No toilet is complete without a boule of Ayer'g
! Hair Vigor— the best hair-dressing. Ask your
I druggist for Ayer's Almanac [
PARAGRAPHS ABOUT PEOPLE.
C. P. Villiers, "Father of the House of Com
mons," who has just celebrated his ninety
fifth birthday, has represented Wolverton un
interruptedly for sixty-two years.
Lady Henry Somerset employs two secre
taries, who are busy ten hours a day in reply
ing to her correspondence, and who have to
be diligent then to keep within bounds.
De Quincey, who devoted his life to the
reading of books, said that the greatest num
ber of books any one man could hope to get
through with in man's allotted time waa
8500.
Mrs. Theodore Tilton has recently revovered
her sight after two years of blindness. She
has changed little In twenty years. Her hair
shows a few strands of gray at the temple, that
is all.
General G. W. C. Lee, who has just resigned
the presidency of Washington and Lee Uni
versity, was the eldest son of R. E. Lee, and
through his mother was a direct descendant
of George Washington's father.
The estate of the lnte Shah of Persia is
valued at $200,000,000, of which two-fifths is
in cash and bullion. It is rumored that his
successor will devote $20,000,000 to advanc
ing the civilization of Persia.
A "prominent member of the Players' Club
of New York" informs a Philadelphia reporter
that Mark Twain received in London recently
a letter mailed to him in New York and ad
dressed only "Marie Twain, God-Knows-
Where."
Mrs. Arthur Sewall, the wife of the late Free
Silver Democratic candidate for Vice-Presi
dent of the United States, is an expert amateur
photographer, and has received diplomas for
her work, not only in New York and Boston,
but also in Paris.
One of the valuable relics intrusted to the
care of the Grand Master of Massachusetts
Masons is the "Washington urn"— a small
golden urn containing a lock of General
Washington's hair. Mrs. Washington pre
sented the lock to the Grand Lodge In 1800,
and Grand Master Paul Revere made the urn.'
A SPECIAL FEAST.
PaulUt Fathers to Observe the "Con
version of St. Paul. "
To-morrow the Panlist Fathers will spe
cially abserve the "Feast of the Conver
sion of St. Paul," he being the patron
saint of their order. Solemn high mass
will be sung at 11 a. m. and the clergy will
be vested in the gold vestments recently
presented to the church. His Grace the
Most Rev. the Archbishop of San Fran
cisco is expected to be present on the occa
sion. The sermon will be preached by the
Rev. Father Woods. 8. J., on the "Con
version ot St. Paul," and a discourse of
more than passing eloquence may be ex
pected.
A splendid musical programme has been
arranged, under the direction of the or
ganist, Miss Georgians, and which wiil be
as follows:
Haydn's Mass in C, with Benedlctus, from
Gounod; "Meste dv Sacre Cceur," Te Deum,
by Elmer; "Veni Creator," by Handel, with
organ and orchestral accompaniment. Di-
\ e ? l ? T ' ,? vu 8 en ® E. Schmiiz; sopranos-Misses
Adele Rottanzi, Kathleen Duffy, L. Devine,
Annie Devine, M. Byrne, Tlllie Pauba, Mary
Higglns Magpie Ryan and Bertha Smith; con
traltos—Mrs. Leo Paulina Steffani, Misses Ag
nes Bergen, Madeline BumsteaU, G. Rottanzi,
Helen *ord and Jeannette Hughes; tenors-
Messrs. James Lane, Daniel Gilfeather, Henry
Dinan, T. Meagher ank Dr. Bonini; bassos-
Messrs. William Gordon, William O'Brien.
James Allen and Dr. Rottanzi. The solos will
be rendered by Miss Adele Rottanai, Mrs. L. P.
Steffani, Messrs. James Lane and William Gor
don. Tne "Veni Creator" will be sung by Miss
Agnes Bergen.
The Tax Kebates.
The Treasurer of the City and County is
anxiously awaiting the coming of about 8000
taxpayers who are entitled to & rebate. All
persons who paid personal proDerty taxes ia
1896 to the Assessor only are entitled to a
rebate at the rate of 57 cents on the $100
valuation. Those entitled to a rebate should
call at once and collect it.
SPECIAL TEACHERS
NOT IN FAVOR
The Grand Jury Would
Save Money by Dis
missing Them
A Committee Report That Offers
Suggestions Looking to
Greater Economy.
The Peaces of Teachers Living Across
the Bay Could Be Supplied
From This City.
Tne Grnnd Jury yesterday heard re-
Dorts from two of its committees — those
on public schools and health department.
The committee on schools makes several
suggestions for reducing expenses. One
of these is the dismissal of all extra or
special teachers. It also suggests that
San Francisco could supply the places of
the seventeen teachers that hold places in
its schools but who live in Oakland, Ala
meda and Berkeley.
Following is the report:
To the Hon. Grand Jury in and for the City
and County of tian Francisco: Your committee
beg to report as follows on tha Board of Edu
cation of this City and County:
1. Number of substitutes engaged — day... 41
Number of substitutes engaged — even
ing 12
53
2. Number actually employed— day 35
Number actually employed— night 6
41
During December, 1896, by suspension of
rules 5 substitutes were elected In excess of
the number allowed.
3. Actual cost per montn for substi
tutes—Day $1,400
Evening 200
$1,600
4. Number of unassigned teachers 11
5. Actual amount paid to unassigned
teachers per montn — the aggregate
amount for January. 1897, will be $738
6. Drawing teacher, per month !t>lso
7. Lecturer, with stereopticon, per monthslOO
8. Whole number of teachers 904
Unassigned 11
Day substitutes under pay 35
Day substitutes not underpay 6
Evening substitutes under pay 6
Evening substitutes not under pay 6
On leave of absence 15
983
This committee recommended that the last
fifteen substitute teachers elected De not paid
a salary, but shall be paid only for actual ser
vice rendered, a saving of $600 per month.
PUPILS, TEACHEP.S, SALABIEB.
The following report covers period from
1880 to 1895 inclusive: Pupils increase of
3637, about 12 per cent; teachers increase of
208, about 29 per cent; salaries increase of
$250,677. about 40 percent; average salary
1880. $86 45; average salary 1895, $94 10;
average number of pupils in class 1880, 40;
average number of pupils in class 1895, 35;
decrease of average, 12% per cent.
Increase of salaries may be accounted for by
the decrease of pupils in each class, thereby
increasing number of classes and teachers for
same; the number of special teachers now em
ployed by the department at large salaries
and also the eleven unassigned teachers,
drawing on an average $75 per month each.
Teachers' salaries increase about $7000 per
year, due to increase of pay for time service,
amounting to about $100,000 for the period
above stated, and $100,000 for special teachers,
and $50,000 of the above for natural increase.
Reference is made to the methods em
ployed in the shop and supply depart
ments. The carpenter-shop was abolished
two years ago, and the chairman of the
Building and Grounds Committee of the
Board of Education employs and dis
charges the men. The inspector of build
ings assigns the men to their work and
Keeps their time, which he reports to the
storekeeper daily. Carpenters are paid
$2 50, plumbers and painters $4 and me
chanics $3 50 per day. Most all supplies
are contracted for and samples furnished
the storekeeper so that he may make com
parisons with goods delivered. It is sug
gested that a double entry account be
kept with each school so as to keep track
oi its cost.
The committee suggest that the follow
ing teachers be dropped, namely:
One physical culture.
One Spanish (day).
One SDanlsh (evening).
One drawing teacher.
One free-hand drawing.
Three cooking.
Two manual training.
These teachers coat $1150 per month.
There are seventeen non-resident leacher«
in the department as follows:
Residing in Oafciand— Miss E. A. Dunn, Miss
M. J. Maylorn, Miss M. Simon, Miss C. M. Pal
mer, Miss K. E. Whittaker, Miss K. Shepherd,
Miss J. M. Stewart, Mrs. F. Osborne.
In Berkeley— Mrs. K. Thompson, Mrs. A. M.
Brown, Miss H. E. Whirlow, Mrs. M. E. Hay.
burn.
In Alameda— Mrs. G. D. Mitchell, Miss A. F.
Sprague, Miss M. E. Hopps.
In East Oakland— Mrs. M. A. Hoggs, Miss E.
Fontin.
Your committee believes San Francisco ca
pable of supplying teachers from her owu
community and recommena that teach- fs
non-resident be dropped from the roll. Re
spectlully submitted,
L. S. Kast (Chairman).
B. B. KITTRIDGK.
J. W. CUDWORTH.
Chairman Brunt of tha committee ap
pointed to report upon the Fish and
Game Warden recommended the continu
ance of that official in office — that is to
say, recommended the continuauce of the
office, "as the City and County is insuffi
ciently patrolled by the officers of the
State Fish and Game Commission."
No action was taken on either report.
The Grand Jury will take up at its next
meeting the inquiry into the alleged at
tempt to bribe Supervisor Dodge by Frank
Marty in the Litter's effort to secure the
contract to supply the Almshouse and
City and County Hospital with milk.
Lecture on Hygiene.
This evening a lecture will be given
at the Mechanics' Institute by Lieutenant-
Colonel Greenleaf, United States army, on
"School Hygiene " The lecture will be free to
members of the Mechanics' Institute and their
friends, and in addition, as this is a matter of
importance to educators, schoolteachers and
all parties Interested in the subject are espe
cially invited to be present.
HEW TO-DAT.
Ekm
■^jjiGPOfSr
POWDER
Absolutely Pure.
Celebrated for Its great leavening strencth and
healthfulness. Assures the food against alum and
all iorms of adulteration common to the cheap
brand -* •
■ Hoyali Baking Powukb Co., Mew York.SA lURDIY JAMJAKY 3U, 1897
AMUSEMENTS.
Baldwin' Thxatkk.— "ilagda."
Columbia 1 mat kb — ■' L'evil's Auction. "
Mobosco s CrißA-Hocsi- -Orphans of New
York
Amazab Tuxatkb.— "All th« Comforts of
Home. ' ,
Xivoi.r (peba IT oc'sju— -Aladdin; Or, The
Wonderful Lamp.'
Übphkusi — Kisb-CJ»si v«nrtfvllt».
Holdkn Gatk. Hai.l— Sermon by Bey. Haro'd
Bolce, Sunday night.
The ctjutks and Skating Rink— at
Haight street, one block east of the Park. .
fcLTHP Baths— Bathing and performance*.
1 ACiHtCo.H Jockey ritnu— Races 10-day.
* *X~ •, AUCTION Ul-t.S.
r>y 0. H. Vmeskk- & Co.— Monday, February 1,
Feul Estate, at salesroom, 14 Montgomery street,
a: IS o'clock noon.
] V Easton & KisntvaK.- Tuesday, February
-, leal P:staie, at salesrooms, 638 Market at.,
at 2 o'clock.
CITY NEWS IN BRIEF.
John L. Durkee, the City's first fire marshal,
• died yesterday.
Mrs. Blanche Neuman has sued for a divorce
from Samuel Neuman.
Judge Wallace hss sentenced William Robles
to State prison for fourteen years for perjury.
Coroner Hawk held a" number of inquests
yesterday, me majoriiy of.tlie cases being sui
cides.
.showers early Snturdny morning; proDably
fHfr Saturday. A. G. McAdie, local forecast
official.
George Goodwin has been appointed special
administrator of the estate oi L. F. Reichline,
deceased.
The inquest on Little Fete was held -yester
day, but no new facts as to the murder were
. brought out.
>•£ The local councils of the Young Men's Insti
fjf tute will celebrate Washington's birthday in a
~f patriotic manner.
\ A warrant has been issued for the arrest of
|J Victor A. Wolf on a charge of obtaining money
by false pretenses.
Marionette, Whitestone, Collins. Personne,
Geyser and Grerhurst were the winners at In
gleside track yesterday.
Auditor Broderick denies that he is violating
the law in school matters. He replies to ex-
School Director Hyde's accusations.
A special meeting of the Board of Educa
tion will be held this afternoon and there is
prospect of a lot of fun •'doing politics."
C. J. McDonald, a clerk by occupation, has
filed « petition iii insolvency. He owes $371 21
with no assets that will benefit his creditors.
Burglars from all over the State are infest
ing this City. Yesterday morning they robbed
the grocery-store of J. H. Schmitz at 124 Taylor
street. SEX Qb£V
Judge Coffey has declared invalid the trust
clause which Joshua Hendy inserted in his
will lor the benefit of the children of Josephine
Green.
Rev. Father Yorke lectured last evening in
South San Francisco Opera-house on "Nuts to
Crack."
The 138 th anniversary of Robert Burns'
birth was celebrated last night by the mem
bers of the St. Andrew's Society and their
friends.
Judge Belcher has affirmed the validity of
the attachment of John D. Eaton against the
property of Florence Blytne Hinckiey for
$25,000.
Moses Meyer, a retired merchant, dropped
dead from heart disease while ascending a
flight of stairs at 1302 Market street, yesterday
afternoon. . .
The funeral of the late Alexander H. Lough
borough will take place from St. Mary's
Cathedral- on Van Ness avenue Monday morn-
Ing at 10 o'clock,
K. F. Denison has petitioned Judge Slark for
an order to compel the Sheriff to serve a sub
peoa on Hanna Weygant, even if he has to
break in the door.
William D. Newhouse has filed a petition for
administrator on the estate of Henry New
house, deceased, the property consisting of
real estate in this City.
The Iroquois Club .last night refused to
recommend the Police and Fire Department
a Bills now pending in the Legislative. They
A ask lor more pay for the men.
|l Maria Agostina Cavagnaro has sued Emile
I li. Daneri, administrator of the estate of An
■ ft tone Daneri, deceased, to quiet title to a valu
" able piece of property in this City.
The Sandstone Cutters' Union complains
that the Pacific Bridge Company is overwork
ing and underpaying the stonecutters in the
fery depot work at the quarry at Sites.
The funeral of the late Mrs. Mary Emma
Flood, widow of James C. Flood, was marked
by the simplest ceremonies. Only the nearest
relatives followed the remains to Laurel Hill
Cemetery.
Two hundred patrolmen and ten sergeants,
under command of Captain Wittman, have
been detailed to Chinatown for to-day. They
ere instructed to make arrests on the slightest
indication of trouble.
The inquest on the body of Charles Nord
hausen, the Oakland capitalist who died from
r. bullet wound received in the Baldwin Hotel,
was held yesterday. The jury decided that
the man had committed suicide.
Judge Hunt has refused to grant Mrs. Cla
rinda Thomas a divorce from William Henry
Thomas unless she can show why she waited
sixteen years betore demanding a legal sepa
tioa on the ground of alleged cruelty.
There will be a public meeting under the
auspices ol Labor Exchange No. 26 to-morrow
afternoon at Pythian Castle, 909 Market
street. State Organizer J. S. Clark will explain
"How to Do Business Without Money."
The Swaniiilda, now sixty-seven days out
! from Newcastle, N. S. W., has not yet appeared,
but the ship Burmah arrived last night after
a passage requiring sixty-nine days: she re
ported favorable winds all the way from the
equator.
The committee of the Grand Jury on schools
Bmade8 made its repo-t yesterday in which it recom
mended that special teachers be dismissed,
saving $1150 a month. It is also recom
mended that the places of the seventeen
teachers living across- the bay could be sup
plied in this City.
Louis Greenwald, who was convicted of
opium smuggling in the Emerald cases, made
an attempt-to be released on a writ of habeas
corpus yesterday. The application wag ar
gued before United States Circuit Judge Ross
and submitted. All the points raised were on
legal technicalities.
William Kenyon Wheelock, Dan Stuart's ad
vance representative, arrived here yesterday
from Carson, Nev., where he has been looking
- over the ground in anticipation of the Corbett
] .'umons contest. Neither Carson nor
{ R«no has yet been chosen as the battleground,
1 1; I stuart will finally decide the point.
E ders E. E. Andross and Herbert Dexter,
assisted by other Seventh-day Adventist min
isters, ill this evening begin a series of meet
ings at 1380 Market street. An exposition of
the prophetic portions of the Bible having
special reference to our own times, will b3 a
special feature of these services. The store
building has been attractively fitted up, and a
large attendance is anticipated.
William C. Murdoch has applied to Jndge
Slack to be relieved from the i ayment of $125
a month alimony to his divorced wife, Nannie
Murdoch, on the ground that her life is not
blameless. Mrs. Murdoch's attorneys object to
the stoppage of the payment and cite the case
of Forrest against Forrest to prove that wrong
on the part of the divorced wife does not re
lieve the husband from the payment of ali
mony.
A. O. H. of America.
The county board of directors of the A, O. H.
held its regular meeting at Hibernia Hall
last Monday evening. This was the last meet
ing of the board of 1896 and a large number of
now and representative members were present.
Ik-fore calling the new bf»nrd to order County
President Captain Jerome Deasy thanked the
retiring members for their kindly assistance
and in returning to their divisions confidently
hoped the order would longcontinue to eujoy
the benefit of their counsel and experience.
Rev. I), o. Crowley, State chaplain, expressed
his gratification at the wonderful growth of the
order and the zeal and earnestness shown by
members. The new members were installed,
alter which tne following officers were unani
mously elected: President, Cnptain Jerome
Deasy; vice-president, John P. Henry; record
ing secretary, E. J. Harrion; financial secre
">ry, T. B. faiilard; treasurer, Jeremiah Kei
leher.
_# — •
1 lie Wasp.
V A further expose of tbe methods of medical
fquacks is made in to-day's Wasp, their plans
V ■ operation being thoroughly unveiled by the
''Professor" in "Under the X K&jr," while a
striking cartoon in colors depicts a country
patient in one of these so-called doctor's lairs,
while death feels his pulse. The Wasp also
publishes names of practitioners who are
prescribing for human ills, and who have not
diplomas entitling them to do so. An attrac
tive feature of the journal is the woman's
page, embellished with half-tones of types of
beauty. •
The Brig John D. Spreckels Passing; Up the Bay With the First Cargo of the New Sugar Crop Aboard. She Made the Ron in
Fourteen and a Half Days, Which Is Quick Time for This Time of the Year. In the Distance Can Be Seen the
Steamer Hope, Which Eroke Down, and the Tug Millie That Went to Her Assistance.
THE SMARTEST
VESSEL AFLOAT
The John D. Spreckels
Makes a Quick Run
From Hawaii.
Has Never Made a Poor Pas
sage and Holds a Fine
Record.
Thursday Night's Storm D.d Lttle
Damage, but Caused Cmsid?r
cb!e Anxiety.
The brig John D. Spreckels made the
quickest run of the season so far from
Hawaii to San Francisco. She brought a
cargo of sugar for the refinery, and as the
wind was fair Captain Christensen took no
chances but sailed in through the Golden
Gate ana took his vessel up the bay
"under a wrap," but nevertheless at a
speed that was fast enough to distance the
Custom-house and quarantine boats and
also the tugboats. Off the Oregon dock
Captain Christensen took in sail and the
tug Alert caught the brig and towed her to
the refinery.
While the J. D. Spreckels was sailing up
the bay the Piper, Aden, Goodali com
pany's stern-wheel steamer Hope was
drifting toward Angel Island, while the
tug Millie was full speed in pursuit of her.
The Hope stopped to pick up a Whitehall
boat that was adrift, and while waiting
for the crew to get the craft aboard a log
drifted in between the rudder and the
paddle-wheeL When the signal to go
ahead was given the paddle-wheel of
course forced the log against the rudder
and then there was trouble. The rudder
was damaged to such an extent that the
captain lost all control of the vessel. He
let her swing until she was head on and
then he kept her going at half speed until
the tng came along and towed her in.
The Spreckels making twelve knots an
hour up the. bay and the steamer doing
her best to stem the tide until assistance
came made the only interesting scene
witnessed on the bay yesterday.
The following notices to mariners have
been issued by the branch hydrographic
office:
Washington; Columbia River, Martin Island
—Additional light: A fixed while lantern
light, kuowu as Martin Is. and lower post light,
nas been established to mark the turn in the
ship channel at the foot oi Martin Island, Co
lumbia River. The light is suspended from an
arm on aeingle black pile in four feet of
water and Is twenty-eight feet above low water
mark.
British Columbia; Vancouver Island, South
coast— Foul grouud inside Seabird Islet: The
lightkeeper at Carmanah reports that there is
no safe passage between Seabird Islet and the
eastern shore of Pachena Bay, about fifteen
miles westwa-d of Carmanah, there being sev
eral uncharted locks in the interval.
A vessel wishing to enter Pachena Bay
should, therefore, pass westward ot the outer
reef and Seabird Islet. Tnere are twelve fath
oms of water 200 yards outside the rocks of the
outer reef off Seabird Islet.
British Columbia, Vancouver Island, reef
oft Bonilla Point, amended position of Car
manah lighthouse— J. T. Waloran, master of
the Dominion steamer Quadra, reports having
sounded the reef ofl Uonilla Point, .south
coast of Vancouver Island. He found sixteen
feet of water nearly half a mile from shore
about one mile east from the point, with four
fathoms at an equal distance from shore oppo-
Fite V.-.v point. Outside this reef the water
deepens rapidly.
Vessels should give Bonilla Point a berth of
one mile.
Carmanah lighthouse stands on the most
souther! v projection of the point, about a
quarter of a mile south, 68 degrees west true
(southwest mag.) from the Indian village, in
(approximately! latitude 48 degrees 36
minutes 32 seconds north, longitude 124
degrees 46 minutes 10 seconds west.
Vessels now in port and ships to arrive
will not await September wheat and the
possible chance of a 30-sii ii lin j: rate to
Europe. The Damanthu will come out of
Oakland Creek to-day and from here will
zo to Honolulu in ballast to load sugar for
New York. The Babcock, which got in
last Thursday, will begin discharging her
cargo at Howard-street wharf to-day and
will then take in ballast for a run to Hono
lulu, where she also will load sugar for
New York. This makes at least half a
dozen vessels that have gone from this
port to load sugar at Hawaii for the
American metropolis.
The steam-schooner Whitesboro reports
the sealing-schooner J. Eppinger with 221
skins. The two vessels met off Point San
Pedro and the captain of the sealer asked
to be reported as "all well."
There were several narrow escapes dur
ing Thursday night' 3 storm. The Eva
went adriit, and her anchorß only held
when she was in striking distance of the
F.intshire. The Anglesey also dragged,
but her captain put out an extra anchor
and she weathered the gale without any
more trouble. At Folsom-street wharf
tbe tide took command and the wind
helped matters out. The float broke adriit
and smashed a couple of piles, while tbe
tugs Fearless and Reliance were making
THE SAIST FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JANUARY 30, 1897.
things hum at the end of the wharf. Cap
tains "Clem" Randall and "Gil" Brockaw
were on watch all night, and on several
occasions It looked as if there would be
work for a tug.
The bark Colusa was taken from the
drydock to Little Main street during the
afternoon, and she got the full force of the
gale. Flying light the wind and under
tow put a terrible strain on her mooring
lines. Three of the hawsers parted, one
after another, and the vessel was in dan
ger of running amuck, when a steel haw
ser held and the Colusa was finally made
tight to the wharf again. While the gale
was not a very heavy one the swell from
the ocean was unusual, and it was due to
the latter that vesselg strained at their
moorings, and tugs, boats and other craft
had to get out extra lines.
UNAVAILING CHIVALRY.
William Knbleg Sentenced to the State
Prison for Fourteen Years. •
Judpe Wallace yesterday sentenced
William Kobles o four;een years' impris
onment in the Stale Prison at San Quen
tin ior perjury.
RobJes swore falsely that he was euilty
of robbery in order to save Aggie Abbott
from conviction. His chivalry was of no
avail, as the woman was convicted and
preceded him to San Quentin.
Patrick Kelly, convicted of burglary,
was sentenced to the State Prison for ten
years. Keliy is regarded as a dangerous
character, and cigtiteen deputy sheriffs
were present to guard against any attempt
at escape.
H. A. Williams, convicted of forgery,
was sent to Sen Quentin for fourteen years.
MURDOCH'S ALIMONY.
Objects to Paying Half His Sal
ary to His Divorced
Wife.
Says Her Coaduct Ought to Re i va
Him From This Extra Finan
cial Burden.
The old divorce case of Nannie Murdoch
against William C. Murdoch came up in a
vexatious form in Judge Slack's court
yesterday. It was an application by Mur
doch for custody of the minor son of tho
parties to the action, and for relief from
the order of court which compels him to
pay $125 a month alimony.
In order to establish the justice of his
application Mr. Murdoch offered to prove
that Mrs. Murdoch is not a proper person
to have tbe custody of the child, and that
her life is of such a character as woulu
entitle him to be relieved from the obliga
tion to pay her alimony. This preseniß a
case never before considered by a court in
California.
Mr. and Mrs. Murdoch were married in
Sutler County, tbia State, In 1881, and
soon afterward removed to this City,
where they still live. He is employed by
a prominent financial institution at a
salary of $200 a month. The divorce was
granted to Mrs. Murdoch in this City on
the 25th of February, 1895, on the ground
of crueity, since which time he lias been
paying more tliau half his salary to her.
Attorneys James Alva W;itt and \V. C.
Cross, representing Mrs. Murdoch, inter
posed a legal objection to the application
for the stoppage of the alimony. They
denied tnat their client, had been guilty of
any improper acts, yet they contended
that even if this allegation "were true it
would not be a good reason for a discon
tinuance of the alimony payments.
In support of this position the gentle
men cited the case of Forrest againt For
rest. Mrs. Forrest secured a divorce from
the eminent actor for some delinquency,
and was accorded an order for alimony.
Subsequently Forrest appeared and of
fered to prove that Mrs. Forrest had not
been living according to society's rule?.
The highest courts to which this case
could be taken decided that this was not
sufficient cause for relieving Forrest from
paying alimony.
Chickerine, Thomas & Gregory, appearing
for Mr. Murdoch, argued that the facts
Hint the law in this case are not identical
with the circumstances covered by the
Mew \orJc case, and insisted that their
client ought to be relieved from his bur
den.
Judge Slack promised to give a decision
on Monday. If the decision goes against
Mrs. Murdoch Jshe will make a contest on
the alleged facts of the case.
This Week's Town Talk.
The Individuals styled "false alarms" are
sketched by the Baunterer's pen in Town Talk
this week. The same caustic writer shows up
the methods of street mashers and points out
the fact that even the legal and ministerial
professions are occasionally invaded by this
undesirable class. The weddings of the ween,
fancy dress party of the Entre Nous Cotillon,
Nordica concerts, Modjesna's return to the
stage, stories by the staff, graphology speci
mens, rousing editorials and « multitude of
miscellaneous subjects constitute a highly
pleasing number. *
Work for San i'ranclsco.
A special meeting of the Manufacturers' and
Producers' Association hits been called for to
day at 2 P. m. to consider matters now before
the Legislature of interest to the citizens of
this City. A full attendance of memoers is ex
pected and many extraneous invitations have
been issued.
Hypnotic In§t., treatmt, teaching, 6 O'FarrelL*
THE AUDITOR'S
ANSWER TO HYDE
Broderick Repels the Ex-
School Director's Charges
Against Him. .
He Says Hts Accuser Is a Poli
tician Who Does Not Know
the Facts
School Dirrc'or Waller Charges That
the Ex-Director's Figures Are
Wrong and Misleading.
The controversy set in motion by Attor
ney F. A. Hyde, ex-president of two
former school boards, bids fair to result in
a thorough Grand Jury investigation of
matters pertaining to the Schocfl Depart
ment.
Mr. Hyde attacks the present board and
its predecessor with accosationsof extrav
agance, nepotism and violation of the
law. He plainly states that the Board of
Education is a band of political plunder
ers and says, furthermore:
"I thrown down the gauntlet and chal
lenge them to deny my accusation. They
may call me a crank, and such men as
O'Connor may issue circulars against me,
but I care not for pamphleteers if,they can
not combat my facts."
There is one among the accused who has
decided to come back at ex-Director Hyde
and fight him with his own weapons, and
that man is Auditor Broderick, who has
been charged with gross violation of the
law. He first said he did not care to enter
the lists ds a combatant, but. became rest
less under tire and consented to notice
Mr. Hyde's charges. To a Call reporter
he said yesterday:
I dislike to enter into what might seem a
discussion about my acts as a public official
with/ those who are not in a public position
and with whom I Have no public dealing. Of
course I do not mean by this that I object 10
giving the utmost satisfaction to any citizen,
no matter who be may be, if ho desires to
understand the reason of any public act of
mine.
The discussion between Mr. Waller and Mr.
Hawley might have been confined to them,
but you insisted upon my figures as to the con
ditionof the school fund, and now you are
asking me what I have to say as to what Mr.
Hyde says about me and my figures. One of
the most notable things in San Francisco
political affairs is shown in this request of
yours. It is to be regretted that the press of
Ban Francisco is so open, but perhaps it an
swers a good purpose.
Mr. Hyde at one time had a good deal to say
in school matters, but he is not so situated
now as to be able to have a voice. To me it
sometimes seems that when sensations are not
at hand those who hold public office must
allow themselves to be made subjects for sen
sational comment. Mr. Hyde's interview, to
which you call my attention, and on which
i you request my views, has many things in it
that are correct; but it has much in it calcu
lated to mislead. It should be borne in mind
that we have not heard of Mr. Hyde in public
school matters for somu time, and I think he
gets into a suspicious position when he at
tempts to knock the heads of Hawley, Waller
Hu<i myself together, as he does in the first
parwjrnph. Mr. Hyde is wrong in saying that
the $200,000 is set aside as a separate fund.
It is but a segregation or part of a fund set
aside for a specir>c purpose and must of ne
cessity bo applied to that purpose if needed.
The Board oi Supervisors has law enough for
doing this In the ordinance passed by them as
to appropriations and their uses. They have
ordered and published an allowance of $1,
--000,000 for school purposes and $200,000 lor
t.ie Mission High School. That 1b law enough
for an honest Board oi Education and an Audi
tor that will act under its spirit.
In the second paragraph of the interview in
The Call Mr. Hyde is rightabout the teach
ers' salary or half-salary retained, but he is
sadly wrong in all else he says about the de
mands I held out Irom parties this month, be
cause of the overdraft of $18,000 that was
caused by the auditing of the teacherb' De
cember salaries in full. Mr. Hyde does not
view the question from the right standpoint.
He is an ex-School Director, not the Auditor,
and therefore is under no responsibility that
might call for his spectacles.
The reference in the third paragraph to the
last board is a little severe, but perhaps he is
right He says: "The Auditor must know, for
he has been in office long enough to know,
that be hai no right to withhold tne payment
of any bills approved by the Board oi Educa
tion, provided the one-tweifth act Is not vio
lated/ Of course I have been Auditor for
some time without any assistance from Mr.
Hyde or politicians of his class, and he speaks
from personal experience on this subject, for
he tested my powers on bills allowed by the
Board of Education very fully when he was
president. I successfully refused to ittdlt sev
eral, however, to his displeasure and vexation,
and my action was sustained by law and
court decisions.
The teachers, I think, can collect their back
salaries if they place themselves on record
right; but they must take no chances on the
advice of enthusiasts. I beg leave to differ
from Mr. Hyde in his placing contractors and
others wno may have claims against the
school fund, based upon the discretion or or
ders of members of the board, in tho posl'ion
teachers hold. If such parties find themselves
tangled up in the meshes of the constitution
and one-twelfth act the result will not be
pleasant. It is not long since a Board of
Supervisors made contracts and ordered ma
terial, supplies and labor equal to about nine
] twelfths of a fiscal year appropriation before
they retired from office and San Francisco has
ever since been scandalized all over the world
as "bad pay."
If those Supervisors had been a little more
careful to respect their pledges and their oaths
of office, and if they had confined their action
to the requirements of their terms of office, it
would have been far better for many good
people who now hold claims and demands
allowed by said Board of Supervisors. They
are not worth the paper on which they are
printed. Had they placed the responsibility
where it belongs (on the board instead of on
the City) they might have received something.
The retiring Board of Education has been
guilty of a like indiscretion, and this has
caused the trouble that brings Mr. Hyde from
his seclusion.
The reference to the Board of Supervisors'
appropriation of $200,000 for a High School
is rather hazy. It implies that if the Board
of Education saw fit to use it for something
else there is no law against it, and if they did
use It for other purposes they need not build;a
High School. Of course not. Howcould they?
That would te a downright dishonest trick
upon lhe taxpayer, however, if it were pos
sible to use the money for its appropriate pur
pose.
In the case at issue the situation is all sup
posed to be settled. The lot has been bought,
tliougli somewhat larger than needed. Con
tracts have been entered into and bonds given
for the constructionof the school building, at
a cost equal to the amount appropriated. If
these contracts be valid and legally made it
would be the sheerest nonsense to include the
$200,000 thus appropriated and pledged In
the estimate made of the amount of money
availing under the one-twelfth act. I there
fore do not include it in any calculations as to
supplies, salaries, etc. It does not fit there.
The contracts were made by the retiring
board.
If money be not retained or transferred
from other funds and carried over into the
next fiscal year to meet these contract obliga
tions when the work is completed, the con
tractors will be losers to the amount of deficit,
aud no levy of tax can be made for the pur
pose of paying them. The constitution, the
one-twelfth act and supreme decisions make
that dead sure and certain.
School Director Waller said yesterday in
reference to the averments of ex-School
Director Hyde:
We are compelled by the law to appoint
some one to watch and superintend the work
uuon the Mission High School. Tnat is pro
vided for by the 'Act to regulate the erection
>of public buildings and structures.' That act
sets up that the Board of .Education must ap
point some one to superintend to see that the
plans and specifications are carried out.
School Director Hyde does not seemingly
understand this matter, and is equally at loss I
upon several other propositions. The archi
tect has only to see that the architectural
plans are carried out. He is not required to
put in all his time wnile the building is under
construction to watch the materials used and
so on. But some one must do that. The work
of building has begun.' Therefore. Mr. Hyde
is ftgnin mistaken in saying that there is noth
ing ■to inspect. The grading has been done
and the materials for the foundation are
on the site of the building. The original reso
lution provided for a salary of $250, but we
cut down the price to $200. The old board
contracted for the work. We want only to see
that it is done right.
Mr. Hyde does not take account of the regular
increase in salaries paid teachers after they
have served ten years. This increase amounts
to $6000 or $7000. I have introduced resolu
tions in the board that have been sidetracked,
but if they were adopted, they would mean a
saving to the department of $32,148 before
the first day ot next July.
1 have a resolution before the board to ap
portion the balance of the fund for the fiscal
year, so that a saving of $21,000 can be
made in six months' . time. The figures
will show this to be so by comparison with the
apportinment of the old board. Here is my
apportionment In a nutshell, for the six
months' allowance;
Committees- b2si . P B < ( f-nt
Finance..... $12,000 $6,000
Buildings and grounds 9,000 3.000
fcnppiles..... 12.000 • 3,000
Printing.. 1,500 600
Items..... . 900 750
Hooks for indigent children... . 9UU 600
This has bet n sidetracked, but I snail call
the matter up again. Dispensing with several
teachers would hay« saved $1150 per month
or $6900 in six months. That has also been
sidetracked. The board would not face the
issue. Tnen the proposition to do away with
fifteen substitute teachers, to save $600 per
month, has Also been knocked out.
The sum of $048 has also been saved by the
refusal of the Finance Committee of the board
to audit the bill. .-;■ •--.';
ENDED THEIE OtfN LIVES.
Coroner Tlrtwkius H-ept Busy Holding
Inquest* in Suicide Cases.
Coroner Hawkins held several inquests
yesterday, most of which were cases where
the subjects had taken upon themselves
the responsibility of ending their own
lives.
Mary Thiery of 828 Howard street ended
her life on the 24th inst. by the use of a
revolver. A verdict of suicide was re
turned.
A verdict of suicide was given in the
case of H. H. Griesbach, who lived at the
Cosmopolitan Hotel on Fifth street. De
ceased was a native of Germany, 50 years
of age and a solicitor by occupation. On
January 23 be was found on Stanford
Heights, near the Corbett road, with a
bullet- ho)e in his head. His revolver ly
ing near at hand told the tale.
On January 22 Richard Binder, a native
of Germany, 44 years of age, living at 221
Lexington avenue, went to 624 California
street and turned on the gas. Suicide
was the judgment of the jury.
The evidence In the cases of William L.
Blake and William J. Buckley, the paint
ers who were killed by falling from a
building on Stevenson street near Third,
caused the jury to believe that their
deaths were accidental and due to their
own carelessness. Blake lived at 19a Har
rison avenue and Buckley at 1307 Broad
way, Oakland. Both had families.
On tne 26th in«t. the body of Abigail E.
Perrine of 1212 West street, Oakland, was
recovered from the foot of Clay street,
San Francisco. A verdict of suicide
caused by despondency was rendered.
Suicide was the verdict given in the case
ot Robert 8. Harris, the student who blew
his brains out with a revolver oh the 22d
inst. He lived at 324 O'Farrell street.
SUNG THE PRAISES
OF ROBBIE BURNS
St. Andrew's Society Mem
bers Indorse the Monu
ment Plan.
An Enthusiastic Gathering in
Honor of Scotland's Noble
Poet.
His Memory Lives Again in Prose
and Music on His Birthday
Anniversary.
The one hundred and thirty - eighth
anniversary ol the birth of Robert
Burns was celebrated last evening by
the members of the St. Andrew's So
ciety and their friends with literary and
musical exercis-es as well as a dance.
In his introductory address President
Andrew Wilkie spoke of the cosmopolitan
nature of the assemblage, and he hailed
this fact with delight that while the
Scotchmen were aot less in number in the
society's gatherings, still, the attendance
was not distinctively Scotch.
In alluding to tne proposed monument
to Robert Burns for Golden Gate Park,
President Wilkie outlined the attitude of
the St. Andrew's Society.
"It is purely a benevolent society," he
said, "and funds cannot be diverted for
any other purpose.
"Individually, I dare say that we are all
in accord with the worthy object. As a
matter of fact, most of the prominent
members of our society are also members
of the Caledonian Club, which organiza
tion is assisting the good cause along. It
can therefore be understood that if we are
not in the movement as a body we cer
tainly are in it heart and soul as individ
uals."
Robert B. Scott delivered an address on
Robert Burns, excerpts of which were as
follows: "It is now 138 years ago since
the wife of a Scottish peasant was made
happy by the birth of her first born, with
clouds of glory, of inspiration and of po
etry circling his head, and wno was des
tined thereafter to be known to his coun
try and to the whole world as Robert
Burns, one of the few immortal names
that was not born to die.
"Shortly before Burns' death he said to
his wife: 'I'll be more respected lOOyears
aiter my death than lam today.' Burns'
prophecy has been realized more than he
himself or his warmest admirers ever an
ticipated. His fame has gone beyond his
own country and become universal. His
songs are quoted from the pulpit and the
forum.
"Monuments of enduring granite and
bronze have been erected to his memory
in his own land, in P^ngiand and in Amer
ica, Australia and New Zealand, and it
should not be long before a monument is
raised in Golden Gate Park to the plow
man poet, one that will be a fitting trib
ute to his memory and an embplli-hment
and honor to the great city by the sea.
"Burns, with his noble and independent
spirit, was tru!y one of earth's chosan
heroes, who stood alone for humanity and
for righteousness. As he said himself he
was no saint and he had a whole lot of
foibles and sins to answer for. 'But if I
could,' be said, 'and 1 believe I do as far
as I can, I would wipe all tears from all
eyes.'
"We are thankful," added the speaker,
"that he was no saint, though he was one
lIW to-dat:
Mr. Grocer :
We can't get along with-
out you. Here are thou-
sands of people who want
good tea, and Here are tons
of Schilling's Best for them.
It is beautiful business.
It makes friends; and
friends mean more business
— in tea and everything else.
Won't you get the tea
and say to your customers:
" Here is tea that you will
like. If you don't, I'll pay
your money back " ?
We pay you, of course.
A Schilling & Company
San Francisco 522
REMOVAL NOTICE.
LADD'S GUN STORE
MAS REMOVED TO 421 KEARNY STREET.
Fire Arms, Fishing Tackle and Sporting Goods.
Highest Cash Price for Raw Furs all kinds.
HEW . TO-DA.T— AMUSEMENTS.
MATINEE TO-DAY (Saturday).
. Parquet, any seat, 25c; .Balcony, any sea., l it.
Children, 10c, any pare.
•7 THE FRANTZ FAMILY *7
The Most Wonderful Acrobats on Earth.
ALCIDK CAPITAiNE, the Female Sandow.
— —BESSIE CLAYTON
The Renowned "Back-Kick" Dancer,
AND GK£AT OLIO OF NOVELTIES!
SPEClAL.— Hereafter a' l orders by telephone
will receive prompt attention until Bf.ii.
THE CHUTES.
T l^>"3>0 > IGHT
AND SUNDAY AFTERNOON AND
EVENING.;
THE lIAGIHARA TROUPE OF JAPAN-
ESE ACROBATS!
ON THE NEW, BIG, OPEN-AIR STAGE.
This Afternoon.... ....... .... Potato Race
To-Night ...... .Two-Mile Skating Race
Animatoscopo Every Night. '
'. ;-,'■ Balloon Ascension Sunday.
Admission, 10 cents: Children, 5 cents.
SUTRO BATHS.
Open Daily From 7 A. A. to 6 i. M.
• Swimming Season 1897. '
Bathing, Including Admission Adult*
' -; ■: 25c. Children iiuo. •
General Admission, lOo ; Children, sc.
COSMOPOLITAN CHURCH.
New Meeting- Place— Golden Gate Hall.
■'Subject TOMORROW NIGHT (Sunday)/
Religion of the 20th • entury." ;
Doors open at 7:15. Servi-es at 7:45. !
i ; KiiV. HAKULD BOLCE, Paator. ,
mew to- day:
|; Blood Pure f^i
<[< Is it? Then take Ayer»s Sar- >
]>) saparilla and keep it so. Isn't jj [
*l it? Then take Ayer's Sarsa- |i
]>) parilla and make it so. One < (
<» fact is positively established >|'
1 ) and that is that Ayer's Sarsa- i { \
*l parilla will purify the blood (/
!|) more perfectly, more economi- S ( !
1!v cally and more speedily than ,\ [
(7 any other remedy in the mar- >]>
]i) ket. There are fifty years of (<[
a cures behind this statement; a £]>
]i> record no other remedy can (i[
«|y show. You waste time and ;]•
•] i> money when you take anything (< \
<[ to purify the blood except $>
; Ayer's Sarsaparilla. |
of the sweetest sinners that ever sung
himself into immortality."
The musical and literary programme of
excellent merit was as follows:
Quartet, "Bonnie Doon," the Misses
Lane and Keene, Messrs. Gielow and
Dinan; recitation, "Tamo' Shanter," W.
C. Cook; cornet solo, "Stirling Bridge,"
Miss Pearl Noble; f*lo, the Misses Pearl
and Maud Noble and Mildred Amidon.
Clark; song. "A Highland Lad My Lover
Was Born," Miss E iythe Henderson;
song, "A Man's a Man for a' That,"
Robert Lloyd; son;?, ."Comin' Thro' the
Kye," Mrs.'J. W. Madden.
Francesca Relief Society.
The annual election of officers of the Fran
cesca Relief Society was hold last Wednesday
with the follow-in? result: Mrs. Bertha Welch,
president; Mrs. Luke Robinson, first vice
president; Miss Mathilde I>avid, second vice
president; Miss Harriet M. Skidmore, secre
tary; Mrs. Charles C. Mohun. treasurer.
HEW TO-DAY.'
! i
i The Midwinter Numbet \
| FEBRUARY j
i CENTURY ;|
j , ■ . i i t ' ' ■
] Ready Saturday, Jan. 30. ■ ] \
\ ; Get an early copy. ; i
! ; The edition of the !
! i January Century j |
I ;■. was exhausted ; ;
! ;•■ within a few days ! I
!! of issue. .1 1
! > The serials "Campaigning with ' j
; | Grant/ by General Horace ! ■
i I Porter, and Hugh "Wynne, i
! i Free Quaker/ by Dr. S. Weir ! |
) ]'.]'. Mitchell, are the magazine sue- ! \
] I cesses of the year. i i
; Ready on Saturday \ '■
' I . at II o'clock, \ :
SET TO-DAT— AMUSEMENTS.
; 'rWICOLMItR-OOTTLOB « o>- itsxs rvuiMUi • • ■
DEAR LADIES AND CHILDREN!
THIS IS THE LAST MATINEE OF
THEDBVIL'S AUCTION
I Finest Presentation in this City of the new Pan-
tomimic Kpisodp, "THK HIKE OKAZE."
All the hits of the past week retained. All the
gorgeous scenery, costuming and effects.
You can't afford to miss It
RTE3tT 3VEO3Xr:D.A."3r
THIRD ANNUAL, ItEVIEWt
That Famously Funny Farce,
"THE PRODIGAL FATHER!"
■ More or Less Up to Date. AH New Features.
The Greatest Mirth-Provoking Farce-Comedy
. Ever Written. .
BALDWIN THEATER.
AL Ha yuan Co. (Incorporated) i'roprtew:i
ONLY 7 NIGHTS MORE.
MODTSSK.A
Assistei by the Sterling Actor, Mr.
JOSEPH HAWORTH.
MATINEE I Last Time,
.™:?. A *::.| "MAG DA!"
To-Night. "MABY SXUABT."
Next week— Monday, Tuesday and Saturday
nights, "MACBETH." Wed. and Frl. and bat.
Mat., "MAKY STUART." Thursday, Feb. i,
"ADBIENNE LECOUVREUB."
TIVOLf OPERA-HOUSE
Mb&Kbkestixe Krki.ixo. Proprietor & Manager
—^— T O - NIGH 1
OUR UP-TO-DATE EXTRAVAGANZA,
ALADDIN,
Or, THE WONDERFUL LAMP.
A Hodge-Podge of \ iJ ;:*
Mirth, Music, Ballet and Beauty.
— .^— •
The New Electric "Damedei Fleurs!"
The Floating Palace in Midair !
The Six Little Tailors !
The Snperb Ballet of Cleopatras !
The New and Novel Specialties!
Popula- Price 5..... .....250 and 500
MOROSCO'S
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
WALTER M.OBOSCO. . .Sola Lessee and Manila:
■; FUN— EXCITEMENT— FUN ■'
.Initial Production on the Pacific Coast of .
"ORPHANS OF NEW YORK!"
A Sensational Comedy Drama of life
in a Big City.
2— BIG FIRE SCENES— 2
Splendid Scenery! - strengthened Cast!
Many Funny Specialties !
Eveulne . Price*— loo, 2fta and st>3.
Matinees Saturday and Sunday.
A I KIR7 A D I laughter
111 IIU/Un TO-DAY AT 3.
nliVHlinU I ■ run To-night at 8.
THE ACM JS OF HILARITY!
"ALL THE COMFORTS OF HOME f
Fast and Furious Fun for Folks! .
Grave and Gay, Young and Old, M tut Laugh!
HUGO TOLAND, ' J. B. POLK
• ;. And All the Favorites .
Oar Regular Prices. Phone for Seats— Black 991.
PACIFIC COAST JOCKEY CLUB
(INCLESIOE TRACK).
The only Perfect Winter Racetrack in America.
RACIM agft&g RACING
Racing From Monday, Jan. 35, to Satur*
. day, February 6, Inclusive.
Fire or More Races Daily, Rain or Shine.
J. IKST HACK AT % P. M.
Take Southern Pacific trains .at ' Thirl an]
Townsend sts. depot, leaving at 1 and 1:20 p. m.
Fare for Round Trip,', including' Ad-
mission, to Grounds, 81.00, ; ,
- TaKe Mlsslon-st. electric line direct to trace
The Tarpey Stakes Saturday, January 30.
■ The Uobart btakes Saturday, February 0. -
A. B. BPKKCKELS, iTesidoatt
W. S. Lkakb, Secretary. -
78
THE WORLD OF SPORT.
News That Will Interest Fighters, Wheelmen,
Coursers, Baseball Players and
Sportsmen.
Corbett and Fltzsimmons can give no
reasonable excuse now for avoiding a tilt
with nature's weapons. The Governor of
Nevada State has signed the bill which
passed both houses of the Nevada Legisla
ture, Manager Stuart has deposited the
coin and the only thing that will prevent
the championship contest from being de
cided on March 17 is sickness of either
principal. But, in case either one is really
sick and unable to give a good account of
himself on tae day set for the battle, a
postponement can be had until such time
as the men are physically able to right.
The wet weather has spoiled the sport of
the wheelmen, the hunters and the
anglers.
Coursing is, however, in full blast. So
are baseball and rifle-sbootiug. In fact all
lines of sport nave a healthy appearance.
THE WHEELMEN.
Club Entertainments and Parties.
Another Velodrome Saturday
Afternoon Meet,
The rast week has been very quiet in
cycling circles. The inclement weather
baa prevented the carrying out of several
proposed runs scheduled for to-morrow,
and there are no race meets or other at
tractions in the very near future. Indoor
club life will serve to pass the time for the
organized wheelmen, and card parties,
dances, entertainments and the like are
being arranged to keep up the interest iv
the clubs.
The Velodrome will venture another
Saturday afternoon meet on February 13,
the programme for which as so far ar
ranged will include two amateur events,
Fcratch at. two-thirds and five miles, and
a tire-mile scratch professional race; also
t tie shield race, between D. E. Whitman
and C. E. Dow.
The annual 25-mile road race of the
California Associated Clubs will be held
on Washington's birthday, February 22,
over the San Leandro triangle. It will be
started at 9 a. m. Already a large number
of men are in training for the event. The
Acme Club of Oakland will pin in prob
ably twenty men, and the Bay City
Wheelmen, Olympics, Californias and
Imperials almost as many each. It is one
of the classic road events of the year,
wherein valuable prizes for time and
place are given, and judicious handi
capping has always made it possible for a
good middle-mark or limit man to win
first place. Hence the interest all the
riders take in it. The distance is long,
and very early training is necessary.
Probably every man who expects to start
has commenced his preliminary training
ere this.
Owen Kimball, Earl H. Kisor and Tom
Cooper are expected here before long, a3
they are announced to come to California
to train for the 1897 national circuit di
rectly after the Chicago cycle show, which
closes to-nicrbt. Kiser and Cooper are
known to us, but Kimball is a new one.
They will be a creditable addition to the
long libt of professional racers now on the
coast.
The programme proposed to be given
lor the two weeks' indoor tournament in
March is as follows: The rim six days
there will be a six-day race, running
five hours from 1 to 6 p. m. and
three hours from 7 to 10 p. m., imme
diately alter which there will be a
short distance race, either amateur or
professional: The second week there will
be short and middle distance races each
evening, with such-features as a rive-mile,
ten-mile, one hour and twenty-lour hour
race.
The North California Division will not
be monetarily able to send more than two
delegates in person to the annual conven
tion of the League of American Wheel
men at Albany next month. They will b»
Frank H. Kerripan, chief consul, and R.
M. Welch, member National racing board.
They will take the proxies of the other
five delegates and will work hard for
divisional option on Sunday racing, good
roads, admission and licensing of profes
sionals, and other important objects. It
is to be regretted that the division's funds
will not permit of more delegates being
sent, as the attainment of the endsdesired
is in peril unless the two gentlemen named
succeed in enlisting hearty support from
the Eastern delegates, had some of the
dealers "stood in" more liberally and
helped the league meet last Saturday, it
might have been possible to send Mr.
Bmytn, the handicapper, Mr. Alexander
of Han Jose, or some other equally cheer
ful worker for the cause. However, ver
bum sap.
The California Associated Cycling Clubs
will hold Us regular bi-monthly meetin
next Satpraay evening at the rooms of
the Acme Club Wheelmen, Oakland.
Popular "Brick" Kuhn is back from his
Eastern trip and is now with the Crescent
peopre.
H. A. Goddard of the Bay City Wheel
men is at the Chicago cycle show and
will attend the New York show also. He
expects to be back in California in March,
and in a letter to me he prays for the
early coming of the day. saying that the
frigid Eastern climate has no charms
for him.
The Garden City Cyclers held their
mucb-talked-of minstrel entertainment at
San Jose last evening. The parts were
nearly all taken by local talent there, and
by hara work and constant rehearsals
they prepared an ex.eilent performance.
Tne club is not dead by any means,
though many would have it so.
Captain Henry L. Day has called for the
third time a run of the Bay City Wheel
men to laundry Farm, and as usual it
has rained torrents a day or two before
the event. The run is off now until some
future date, ami wnen it is announced it
will probably be as pood as the signal ser
vice in predicting an approaching storm.
Victor A. Hancock of the membership
committee 01 the North California Di
sion, L. A. W., has gone to Sail Jose to
try and get some new members ant* to in
terest the expiring Garden Oiiys to re
new, "Vie" is quite popular down there,
in fact everywhere, and should be very
successful.
The Alameda Cyclers held an entertain
ment at the Linderman Opera-house last
evening, which was weil atteuded and
very enjoyable. The proceeds will be ex
pended in training and preparing a team
of ten racers to represent the club in the
annual relay race in April.
Commencing this evening the Bay City
Wheelmen's cribbage tournament starts
in and will probably last a fortnight.
Nineteen bad entered up to last nighi. ia
clnding the following well-known devotees
of the game: Harry Larkin, £. S. Battle?
Fred L. Day, Jacob M. Pike, Fred Boeck
mann, G. P. Wetmore, G. R. Hall, J. A.
Watter.*, A. Kinp-Rhys, A. H. Terrill, G.
P. Caldwell, H. "P. Terrill, T. C. Dodge,
£. E. Stoddard, H. W. Spalding, W. D.
Bneldoni T. S. Hall, David Marshall and
A. J. Manne. TLis number will probably
be doubled by tne time the entries close
to-night. Valuable prizes will be offered
by the club for the three best scores made.
The Imperial Cycling is going to
be active during the approaching season,
and already Captain Troillet and the di
rectors have arranged a series of indoor
OTTO ZIEGLER.
and outdoor amusements for the mem
bers. There will be a whist tournament
commencing next Wednesday evening;
Sunday, February 7, a club run to the
Velodrome and two club races there, a
mile h?n ticap and half mile scratch, no
entry fee, no prizes, hence permissible on
Sunday under L. A. W. rules. Alter the
races the run will continue to Trocadero
lor lunch. The club's first road race for
the year is scheduled for Sunday, Febru
ary 28, and will be a ten-mile event over
thi Hay wards course. There will be two
ten-mile try-outs over the Haywards
course March 7 aud 21. and all candidates
tor the club's relay team must ride in
these. Bert Petne, formerly of the Olym
pic Club, has been engaged to train the
racer*. W. L. Maule, vice-president, has
resigned, and an election to fill the va
cancy will be held at tne regular mem
bers' meeting next Monday evening.
Chief Consul Kerrigan entertained a
jolly party at dinner aftfr the races last
Saturday. His guests were R. M. Welch
of the National racing board; R. A.
Smytn, official handicapper; Dave E.
Shafer, the well-known trainer; Fred J.
Longhead, the Canadian champion* C. N.
Ravlin of the Olympic; Charles 8. Wells
and "Bob" Terrill, the popular local pro
fessionals, and the writer. After dinner
they visited the Orpheum and altogether
passed a very pleasant evening, particu
larly the Judge himself, who never shows
to better advantage than when he is act-
Ing as host.
Trainer Shafer Is talking about giving a
big meet ai the Garden City Cyclers' track
in San Jose on February 22 or thereabouts
providing be does not take his team to the
New Orleans meet. Shafer would attract
all the cracks to his meet by reason of the
liberality of his prizes, and as he proposes
to match Ziegler and McFarland at a mile,
and Wells and Becker at five miles, there
would bo no question about drawing an
immense crowd. And, although it is a
long way off, I think that right now lean
call the winner oi each event — Ziegier and
Wells. Becker will give Wells a ride for
his money, but I don't think the other
two should ever be matched, there is such a
disparity in their ability in favor of Zieg
ler. He outclasses McFarland completely.
The Canadian champion, Longhead, I
pick to head the list of "pros" on the
coast as soon as he enters competition.
The wonderml speed he showed at the
Velodrome last Saturday, without any
training whatever, is a forerunner of what
ho will do after a month's training under
Shafer, and his National circuit reputa
tion tells us he will prove a better man
than any one else here just at present.
Loughead has become very popular with
t nose he has come in contact with here,
more so than any other Eastern cycle visi
tor I know of, all of which will be a help
to him.
Sydney B. Vincent of the Baj City
Wheelmen rode five miles at tn« Velo
drome last Sunday, paced by a tandem, in
about 10:32, which is much better than
Becker's professional record, which,
though made in competition, was paced,
and amounted to practically the same kind
of a ride. Vincent will be a prominent
factor in amateur events this year it' he
combines more head work with his speed.
Spalding.
THE RING.
Corbettand Fltzslmmons Will Leave
Immediately for Nevada.
Unless something very unforeseen hap
pens between now and the 17th of March
that may prevent Corbett and Fitzsim
mons from meeting in a passage- at- arms j
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JANUARY 30, 1897.
The Piute Baseball Team That Will Show Its Skill at Central Park To-Morrow.
in the light and brisk atmosphere of the
hich altitude of Nevada State, the heavy
weight championship of the world will be
deeded in a battle that will assuredly be
witnessed by thousands of the sport-lov
ine people of America.
If a line can be drawn from the very
latest expressions of the two aspirants to
the title oi champion, the only conclusion
tbat can be arrived at is that Jim and Bob
are really more anxious for the fray than
Manager Dave Smart, the man who has
so adroitly and so successfully engineered
the schema which has astonished the
sporting world.
Few if any people outside those who
were so deeply interested in the proposed,
battle royal had the remotest idea a few
weeks ago that the representatives of the
Nevada Legislature would favor a propo
sition of holding a prize-light between
two of the most noted exponents of the
manly art on Nevada's soil. Bui tbe un
expected occasionally happens, and the
State of Nevaua has now the proud dis
tinction, that is from a sport'ng stand
point, ot being in a position to offer Mana
ger Stuart an opportunity of carrying out
his pet scheme without the least fear of
intenerence from the authorities of the
sagebrush State.
Corbett stated yesterday that he will
leave for this City immediately, and that
afier a short visit to his reiativ«s he will
aepsirt for Carson, with the intention ol
locating a training station. Champion
Jim is aware ot the fact that to become
acclimated to the light atmosphere of the
mountains he must not tarry on the way,
and he has made no mistake in so ttimk-
ing.
Jim will find, when he starts in to take
a morning spin over roads that are made
beautiful by a carpet of snow, that his
breathing apparatus wiil be taxed. His
customary mile joes in tbe lower altitudes
will be decreased to a surprising extent.
In fact, if James can* bo a quarter without
stopping to catch a very fresh breeze he
can justly lay claim to being the possessor
of high-ioned lun^s. It can be saiely said,
however, that the man who«e pulmonary
organs are in the best order will score a
big advantage in Nevada's climate.
Fiizsicumons is already packing up his
traps preparatory to a journey in the
direction of tbe setting sun. He may pos
sibly be at his post before his opponent
has completed his arrangements. The
people of Nevada will give the famous
men of muscuiar power and science a
royal welcome, and it goes without sayine
that nothing will be left undone by the
sporting fraternity of the mountains to
make pleasant the stay of the two fistic
gladiator? during their sojourn in the
land of untold wealth.
Rich men of sporting proclivities from
divers parts of the country will visit the
once famous mining region for a dual pur
pose, viz. : 10 witness the great tight be
tween the kings of pugilism and to see the
husky miners working underneath the
ground.
A dispatch which was received from
Corbett yesterday stated (hat his trainer
will be Billy Deianey of Oakland, and a
better man for the office the champion
cannot find among the Handlers 01 light
ing men. It is hard to say who wiii be
the. favorite in the betting. In the far
West Corbett will sell on the long end.
He will also have numerous supporters in
New York Staie, while Fiizsimmons will
be heavily backed by the sports ol New
Orieana. who iiave t c utmost confidence
in his ability to whip Corbett in short
order. It will be remembered that while
Fitzsimmons was training for his fight
with Sbarkey he was somewhat annoyed
by a small hacking cough, which some of
his most intimate friends state has re
mained with him since the time he con
tracted a cold just previous to his depart
ure for England, but Fitz pays little or no
attention to such trifling things.
Assembly bill No. 8, which passed both
houses of the Nevada Legislature and
which was signed yesterday by Governor
Sadler, reads as follows:
An act to restrict and license glove contests
or exhibitions between man and man, acid
to repeal all other acts in conflict therewith.
The people of the State ol Nevada, repre
sented in Senate and Assembly, do enact as
follows:
Section 1. Any person over the age of 21
years may procure a license for an exnibitiun
in a public piacc lor any contest or exhibition
wivh gloves Letwe n man and man for a
wager or reward, and the weight of the gloves
used in said contest or exhibition shall not be
less than four ounces.
Sec. 2. Tne Sheriff of any county in whicn
the exhibition named in section 1 of this act
is to be held shall issue a license lor such ex
hibition or contest upou payment to him of
the sum of $1000.
Sec. 3. Blank licenses shall be prepared by
the County Auditor oi the county in which
the exhibition or contest named in section 1
of this act is to be held, which license shall be
issued and accounted for as is by law provided
for in respect to other county licences. Each
license delivered by the Sheriff under the
provisions of this act shall contain the name
of the licensee Rnd the names of ttie contest
ants lor the reward or wager offered for such
exhibition or contest.
Sec. 4. The licensee shall, ten hours before
any proposed contest or exhibition under the
provisions of this act, tile with the County
Clerk where such contest or exhibition is to be
held a certificate in writing executed by two
resular practicing physicians of this State,
showing that the contestants named in the
license are in sound physical. health and con
dition.
Sec. 5. That such exhibition or contest shall
be wuiiin an inclosure sufficient to exclude
the men of the public not in attendance
thereat, and no intoxicating liquors of any
kind shall be sold or given away at or during
tbe contest or exhibition as aforesaid upon
the grounds or within the inclosure where
said exhibition or contest is lieid.
Sec. 6. No town, city or municipal corpora
tion in this State shall have power to prohibit,
suppress or regulate any such glove exhibi
tion or contest, or tiie license therefor as pro
vMed by this act, and no suca exhibition or
contest shall take place on Sunday.
Hec. 7. All moneys received lor licenses un
der ihu provisions of this act shall be paid,
three-fourths into the county treasury and
one-fourth inio the Stnto treasury, for general
county and State purposes.
sec. 8. Any person procuring said license is
hereby authorized to charge an admission fee
to such exhibition or contest.
Bee. 9. Any person who shall conduct any
glove contest contrary to this act shall be
guilty of a misdemeanor and shall bs fined
not less than $200 nor more than $ 1000, or by
imprisonment in the County Jail not to ex
ceed six months.
Sec. 10. This act shall take effect from and
after its passage. All acts and parts of acts in
conflict herewith are hereby repealed.
J. J. Jeffries, the champion heavy
weigiu pugilist oi Los Angeles, has issued
a challenge to ficht Tom Sharkev, the
sailor pugilist, a glove contest of ten
rounds for a purse and a side bet of from
$1000 to $2000 a side. Sharkey will, of
course, like all of the awkward squad tell
Jeffries to gain a reputation first. What
bosh !
John L. Sullivan who was the greatest
fighter of them all in his day, was granted
a continuance by Judge Ely in the Poor
Debtors' Session of the municipal court
of Boston, Mass., on January 20. The
famous ex-champion claims that he is un
able to meet his debts and seeks release
■from such by law. He has taken the poor
debtors' oath. Sporting men will be in
terested to read the following schedule of
the coin John L. has made during his
career and the way he made it by the
power of his fists:
May 16, 1881— Defeated John Flood for
purse of $1000, of which his share was.. 750
February 7, 1882— Defeated Paddy ,;yan
for the ci ami>ionshipand a*SOOU stake. 6,000
July 4. 188 -!— Defeated Jimmy Elliott. 1,100
July 17. 1882— Tu^' Wilson contest, .Madi
son-square Garden 12,000
JBS..'-8.> — lour under the management of
Billy Madden. 3U.000
March 10, 1883— iiosloa benefit to Sulli
van ....:...: 3,700
March 4, 1883-Sulll van-Mitchell contest,
Madison-square Garden 11,000
August 6. lßß3— Herbert A. slaie (Maori) 13,000
Murch 6, 18-S4— Sullivan- Kobfii oii con
test, Situ l'rancsco. 10,900
Tour of the country under Al smith's
management frum September 28, 1883,
to May 23,1884 83,000
June 30, 1884 — Sullivan failed to meet
.Mitchell in Madison-square Garden, but
divided the receipts, his share being ... 5,000
August 13, 1884-SulHvmi and ilcCaff- •
erv. Boston 1,800
November 10. 1884— .sulllvan-LaUln con
test, Madison-square Garden 9,200
Noveuater 17, 1804— 8u!livan--\lf Green
field contest, Madison-square Garden... 6.800
January 19, 188a— Hul.ivan-Alf Green-
Meld contest. Boston 6,600
Janmry 19 1885— .-mil van- Paddy Ryan
contest, Maatson-.-quare Garden... 7,000
June 13, 1886— Sullivan- Jack Burke con
test, Cnlcaso 4,300
August -29, 1885— sulllvan-Domlnick Me- '
Caffery. Cincinnati 8,500
September iB, 1886 — - ul ivan - Frank
Hera d con. e.»t, .' lie gbeuy city, Pa..... 2,300
November 13,. 1886 — Sullivan- Paddy
ltyan, san i-'rancisco . 6,600
December 28, lbß7->uillV£n-Duncan Me- .
Donate, Denver, Colo ....: • 54,800
January 18. 18b7— Sullivan- Palsy Cardiff,
Minneapolis (Sullivan . broke his ten .
arm In this contest) : 3,750
Tour the country under the direction
of Pal sheedy 45,000
August B,lßß7— Testimonial and presen- . .■ -■■-,
tation of championship belt, .Boston
Theater. . 3,000
November, 183 7: March, Toured
l-.ni:!aiid under management of Harry
Phi11ip5.............. 25 000
March 10, 1888— Fought a. draw with
Charley Mitchell lor a $5000 stake 4,000
May 16, 1888— Sullivan benefit, Music
Hall, 805t0n.... 4,000
June 4, 1888— Sullivan benefit, Madison
tqu are aide n , 6,900
July 8, 1889-Mullivnn defeated Jake Kil- -
rain for a stake of f2u, 000 (his share).. 10,000
June 4, i B9l— bparred Jim Corbett, baa
Francisco 2,000
Australian tour, July, August and Sep
tember, 1891 ; 18,000
Theatrical :our. "Honest Hearts and
Willing Hands".'. 12,000
September 7, 1891— Defeated by Jim Cor
bett for a stake and purse of $45,000
1893-94— Theatrical tour 10.000
'j our of the i-aat and West under tha
management of Parson Davies.... 2,000
Au:;us: al. 1893— Sulliva».-Tom Minrkey, ,---. . >
friendly bout, Madison-iquare Garden.. 1,600
T0ta1........ $3^)7,300
ROD AND REEL.
Amendments to the Fish Laws That
.Will Not Please Local Anglers.
The beautiful rain has placed a damper
on steel head -h-hing. The streams and
nver3 which discharge their contents into
the ocean are now running bank full, so to
say, and as a consequence the parent
fishes of the trout which are taken during
the summer months are speeding in the
direction of their spawning beds.
It can be safely said that there will not
be any fishing worthy of note in tide
waters until ti.e weather as-umes a set
tled condition and the water clears of its
refuse matter. Judging by the past 9ea .
sons' catchea the best sport enjoyed by
mid-winter anglers is during the months
of February and March, therefore there
can De no just reason why members of a
fraternity who delight in the capture 01
large and gu«ae lisues should feel discour
aged because of the present unfavorable
conditions for the enjoyment of a favorite
pastime.
According to a report of the Fish Com
mission concerning measures which have
passed the AssemD.y and which appeared
in yesterday's paper the anglers of this
City have received a stunning blow. But
there is yet time in which to act before
some of the obnoxious amendments to the
fish laws will be introduced into the Sen
ate, and doubtless all anglers who are in
tarested in the pastime of irout-catcbing
will instruct their influential fr.ends to in
tercede with the Senators with the object
of killing certain measures.
One of the amendments reads that the
open season for catching trout with hook
and line will commence on May 1, instead
of April 1, as the Jaw is at present, and
close on December 1, instead of Novem
ber 1.
Such an amendment to the fish laws will
cut off the best month of the year, whicii
is April, to local anglers, as the residents
who are wiihin easy access ol trout
streams will clean out every fish of re
spectable size before the local iraternity
can lawfully wet a line.
Some people who imagine that by ex
tending the opening of the c ! ~sed season
one month trout will have an opportunity
to grow big and wax fat, are certainly
ignorant of the protection that the trout
receive during the closed season.
In fact the coast streams are not pro
tected at any season of the year, and for
this reason i.c law as it now reads should
remain unaltered. If, on the other hand,
paid deputies were appointed to patrol
the streams and protect the little fashes
from capture during the month of April,
then an amendment to the present law
prolonging the opening of tbe closed
season one month would be a good
measure.
If the alleged sportsmen who were in
strumental in the passage of the measure,
which will certainly be opposed by all de
votees of angling when it comes before
the Senate, had introduced a measure
making it a misdemeanor for any person
to have trout under rive inches in length
in bis possession at any time of the year
then there would be reason for anelers to
praise the passage of such an act, but the
change in t tie opening of the season from
April to May will not prove of the least
noon until such time as our streams will
receive Droper. protection.
The report of the Fish Commission also
reaas that the close season for steelheads
will be from February Ito May 1. It does
not make any reference to tidewater fish
ing with rod and line, and, as a conse
quence, anglers who £sh for steelheads in
these months must put up their rods un
til the opening of the trout-fishing season.
Oi course, if the anglers of this City will
not interest themselves in the passage of
fish laws they can only expect to receive
their ju3t deseris at the hands of some
people who meddle in matters with, which
they are totally unfamiliar.
As an evidence of the ignorance dis
played by those who are meddling wUh
the fish Jaw?, all that is necessary to as
certain their knowledge is to ask them
what is a steelliead.
Accoraing to Professor Starr Jordan of
Stanford University, who is the acknowl
edged authority of this country on ail
matters piscatorial, a steelbearf is a trout.
Then why make the close season for steel
heads from February 1 to May 1 when the
close season for trout commences, accord-
ing to the report of the commission, on
December 1 and ends on May 1?
If the close season for salmon shonld,
according tv the bill now before the Leg
islature, be from September 10 to Novem
ber 15, then the steelhead cannot be al
lied with the salmon. Therefore N the
question again arises, What is a steel
head ? Anglers, piease do not all answer
at once.
GUN AND DOG.
Brant Shooting in Tomales Bay Is
Now Very Good-Gams Laws.
The season for shooting duck and quail
will end on February 15. and in case a bill
which is now before the Legislature passes
the Senate the man who shoots game tor
market purposes will have the same lati
tude next season as the sportsman who
j shoots for Treasure solely.
The market shooter has as much right
to shoot game as the man who is a mem
ber of a preserve club and kills birds be-
cause of the sport of killing. The so-called
sportsman delights in being the possessor
of a big bag of birds on his r-turn home,
and it is a well-known fact that frequently
he will sit as still as a cat in a "blind"
when snooting ducks and wait until an
opportunity is offered .or a pot shot and
then blaze away.
A market hunter will have to gather in
the game he maims and Kill?, but the
sportsman has his attendant near at hand,
who retrieves the dead and woumiea.
With tho exception that the market
shooter frequently u*es a gun of larger
bore ti an tne law allows there is not a
very wide lifre of difference to draw
between the two, that is, so far as the
greed for same is concerned.
It is to be hopt-d that some of the sports
men who are interested in duck and snipe
snooting will frame a bill, the objects of
which will be to include the .English snipe
in the game law among other game birds
and the extension of the duck-shooting
season one month longer than it is at
present.
The English snipe is the gamest of
game birds, and it is a shame that be
cause the law does not protect them dur
ing the close season they qre ruthlessly
slaughtered by pot-hunters in the sum
mer months while they are caring for
their young. Why the duck reason
should be extended is because of the
late arrival of the canvasback, bluebill
and other varieties of aquatic game
which do not leave this coast for their
breeding-grounds before April or May.
The following letter from William J.
A hern, the president of tne Sportsman's
Protective Association, is self-explana
tory :
Sporting Editor Call; A meeting ol the
Sportsman's Protective Association will b?
hold on next Tuesday evening in the K. of R.
B. Hall, corner of Mason and O'Farrell streets,
and all sportsmen interested in the welfare
and protection of game are invited, as matters
concerning the association before the Legisla
ture will be discussed at length. Yours truly,
W. J. Ahek.v.
Sea brant are now very plentiful in
Tomales Bay, but as they are very wary
birds sportsmen do not care very much to
hunt them. Two hunters from this City
bagged nineteen brant last Wednesday.
They Used 10- bore guns and their cartridges
were loaded with No. 3 -hot.
J. G. Bliss has foi wardrd the following
communication to Thk Call, wi.ich will
doubtless interest siorbm^a and scien
tists:
A rare and fine specimen of Albino robin
(Turdus migratorius) was shot by J. G. Bliss
recently on the outskirts of Alamedii. It is a
male bird in white plumage, except just a
suspicion oi pink seemingly inclined to man
tle to the su-fuce of the breast. The bird was
first observpd by Mr. Bliss's boy, Jack, while
out hunting, who lost no time in reporting to
his father, when measures were immediately
instituted tor the capture of the rara avis.
This was effected by the use of but three and
a half grains of smokeless powder, propellin?
just a pinch (if No. 10 shot through a 32
••auxiliary" barrel. It therefore goes without
saying that the plumage was not disturbed in
the least, but remained intact and without
blemish. The specimen is now in the hands
of Mr. Emerson, a scientist, for preservation.
BASEBALL.
The Plute Indians Piay the Alameda
Alerts To-Morrow.
To-day will witness the big parade of
the Piute Indian baseball team. They
have been here for two weeks at hard
practice to meet the great Alert team.
Fifteen men will ride horseback, and all
will wear their regular costume and ride
as they do on the reservation. The "Maa
cot" will be along to add interest and see
that no harm comes to any of the team.
The warwhoop will be in evidence.* The
line-up looks a little lunny to baseball
people.
When the gates are opened to-morrow
at Central Park there is going to be a rush
lor the best seat, as every one will De
anxious to be in the front row when the
fun begins. At no time have the Alerts
> been as anxious about a game. They have
tried to see the Indians at practice, only
to be refused admission to the park. Tnat
made them the more uneasy, so that one
of their players was seen on a housetop
with an opera-glass taking in the gam«
unmolested.
The line-up is as follows:
Alameda Alert*. Position. Piute Indians.
W. Hammond ..Catcher 31 os
>. cKce Pitcher Aquetra
Jacobson .First base spin it*
Goidaworihy.. ...Second base .. Chick wa
Brockboff Third base ;a\va
Krug Shortstop Wishshon
Musklmon . Left field Zubie
Bir, .. ..lenterfield Daubuke
J. Hammond.... Right field I>auu
The searchers of the Hall of Records
having formed a baseball team would
like to receive challenges from all com
mercial nines. Address communications
to the manager, D. J. Oliver. Hall of Re
cords.
The Ariel Baseball Club do hereby chal
lenge the Young Swins for ihe second
amateur baseball championship of the
Pacific Coast. Game to be played Sun
day, January 31. This challenge is onen
to ai! clubs whose members are under 16
years of age. Address D. Barry, 517>£
Fourth street.
The South Ends will play two games to
morrow at the Golden Gate Park Recrea
tion grounds. In the morning they will
play the Stockbrokers Clerks and in the
afternoon the Joily Joker*.
POLICE COU&T APPEALS.
Judge Carroll Cook Establishes a Rule
That Will Make Lawyers Careful.
Judge Carroll Cook has made a new rule
in regard to the appeals irom the Police
Courts to his department of the Superior
Court which will compel lawyers to be
more careful than they have been hereto
fore if they wisn to clear their clients from
the meshes of the law. Judge Cook gives
notice thai herea:ter in all criminal ap
peals coming before him ■wherein the
papers are incomplete judgment will be
affirmed and no continuance will be
granted unless affidavit be tiled upon
motion for such continuance, settini:
iorth tne date when the statement on ap
peal was presented for settlement in the
Police Court, and to whom v was pre
sented, the date of any order continuing
the time for settlement, the date of settle- |
ment, if settled, and ihe particular reason j
why the statement has not been engrr>ss(;d |
an.i signed by the Judee of the Police !
Court.
NEW TO-OAY.
When I say I cure I do not mean merely to stop
them for a time and then have them return again. I
mAn a radical cure. I have made the disease of
FITS, EPILEPSY or FALLING SICKNESS a life-
long study. I warrant my remedy to cure the wor3t
eases. Because others have failed is no reason for
not now receiving a cure. Send at once for a treatise
and a Free Bottle of my infallible remedy. Give Ex-
press and Postotfice address.
lIOIJ.|I.PEBE,F.D.,4CBfiirBUBWTOIt
-■ \ '
Freedom and sunshine are not more welcome to one who has
been languishing in prison than the relief and comfort given by
RIPA-NS TABLLES
•.-' ' ■ '
Every symptom of headaches, backaches, biliousness, dizziness,
constipation and other derangements leaves at once when Ripans
Tabules come to the re-cue. These Tabules reach the root of
such disorders. The stomach is toned and strengthened, the
liver receives a gentle stimulus, the bowels-are regulated— thus
aiding regularity in all the functions. The whole physical being
is renovated and re-inforced by the capacity to expel waste and I
receive nourishment. All people of sedentary or confining I
occupations- men or women — will ensure better digestion, clearer I
minds, and increased power of application' and enjoyment by th« I
use of Ripans Tabules. , _, ; l
HHfv '<^?S[ sr^O "*P? i€* tlonoi a famous French physician, will quickly cure you of all ner-
ilSji^ VOU 3 or diseases of the generative oreana, such as Lost Manhood,
IW '<*5 : £«T »tO "IS? Sf t'onox a famous French physician, will quickly cure you of all ner-
\^\ \ } \(T - ?! vous or diseases of the generative organs, such as Lost Manhood,
HSi £_?&! \£ './i^P- * Insomnla,Paiiisin the Back, Seminal Emissions, Nervous Debility
13 I d^sL { %S&V JPimples, Unfltness to Marry, Exhausting Drains, Varicocele and
Km \^ W V ,-/ Constipation. It stops all losses by clay or night Prevents quick-
@ ■ \. / ' * ness of discharge, which If not checked leads to Spermatorrhoea and
M REFORM acttb all the horrors of Impotenev. 4"lJPll>lr'?rE cleanses theliver, th«
otryßt * Ah ' trl kidneys and the urinary organs of all impurities, •
™" , CITPIIMENE strengthens and restores small weak organs. t
_ The reason sufferer: are not cured by Doctors is because ninety per c»r«t are troubled wltfc
Prostatl t la. CUPIDENE Is the only kno^n remedy to cure without an ration. 5000 t<»Bttmonl.
•Is. 4 A written guarantee given and money returned if six boxes does nci effect a permanent cur*
fl.oo a box, six for f&OO. by mall. Send for circular and testimonials. _ :
Address l>AVOi> JiIJiLUCIJiJi CO., 1170 Alarket street, San Francisco, Cal. For sale or
iJjK.OOJC-3 1 i'IiAiiMACX, 119 JPowaU atrevb
2^ l/11l J "liv •
M&L Not more than five men or
W^ women in a thousand are free
r&SJ from some form of Kidney,
W^. Liver or Bladder trouble,
'<m£j which is certain to run into
w l * serious disease unless
Jg|£V> checked.
'p ; Stop.. and Think!
that there is but one known
f|f& remedy for these troubles I
JsA'\ Ask any druggist, physician
§§|g or friend what it is, and he
I Liver or Bladder trouble,
which is certain to run into
serious disease unless
checked.
Stop and Think I
that there is but one known
remedy for these troubles I
Ask any druggist, physician
or friend what it is, and he
will tell you,
l^y ¥ tKMyv^w* ™ HP3I
ws| This great remedy stands
-jktj ABSOLUTELY «'at the top,"
WW and is so acknowledged by
'%££. the most advanced thinkers
Wm of the world. This sugges-
K^ ; tion is all you require I
J^y /§| SO X2HFE! OR PAIN:
Rag |^r» No fay TilHurpd:::
Vii-iMBw 60 page book fre«> with
*^; WOTderful I C O u n re a s-w'.
*^IST P^* ccs "^ omen's Breasts
jMM| and Men's I.ips,
#^aw<^7) I S. B. CHAMI.ET, M.D.
'^^r San Fraicisco^
Send to Someone with Cancer
TJHE
WEEKLY
G^LL
c/ It Publishes the Cream of the
Ipj News of the Week and ,
cX MANY ATTRACTIVE AND
JL ORIGINAL FEATURES.
*J IT IS THE BEST WEEKLY
°\ PAPER ON THE
ol PACIFIC COAST
i 3 Always Republican, but Always
~) Fair and Impartial in Its
°\ Rendering of the Po-
! ol litical News.
0) It's the Pap^ to Send East if
: You Want to Advertise
1) California. '
D \ /7. T "
) The Best \ / Mining
|~1 Telegraphic \/ News That
j°\ Service on /\ Is Accurate
ol The Coast / \& up to data
cU S X
°\ Not a Line of it Sensational
©< or Faky, and Not a Line of
01 it Dry or Uninteresting.
n A PAPER FOR THE COUNTRY FIRESIDE.
rx Bright, Clean, A Champion of
J Thoughtful. Truth.
—' A CALIFORNIA NEWSPAPER
ALL THE TIME.
DIT ADVOCATES . SENT BY
) HOME . MAIL, 51.50
<=< INDUSTRIES A YEAR.
3 THE CALL SPEAKS FOR MiMR. MILLS' GLAD
HAND TO MINERS
The Railroad Proclaims a
New System With Its
Mineral Lands.
Will Make Contracts With Pros
pectors and Abandon Cairns
to Mines.
A Novel Proclamation Quutly Madi
That the Rairoad Will Cherish
the Miner.
The Southern Pacific Company has
taken a new tack ihat will surprise and
probably Dlease the miners.
W. H. Mills, as Jand agent for the Cen
tral P-acific, has issued a proclamation
stating that hereafter miners wishing to
prospect on patented raiiroad lands can
do bo under contract; tliat the company
13 ready to relinquish all elaini to any
operated mine on railroad lands; that
hereafter ail railroad lands which may be
reasonably classified as mineral will be
held for the encouragement of mining.
and that the company's policy will be to
& encourage the discovery of minerals and
,* the development of mining enterprises.
This official announcement was not '
j made to the Miners' Association, which
nas been conducting the long, Dersister.t
and still pending fieht to have the remain
ing unpatented mineral lands within the
railroad grants in this State and Oregon
reserved as mineral lands. The announce
ment was made tnis week by inserting i:
as an advertisement in the Yreka Journal,
tne Marysviile Democrat and three or four
other papers in the northern part of me
State, and it had not yesterday come to
the attention of the leading mining men
in this City. The important portions of
Mr. Mills' official announcement are as
follows:
All occupants of agricultural land who are
using the lands of the Central Pacific Railroad
Company for agricultural purposes are re
quested to notify the land agent at Sac Fran
clsco of such occupancy aud cultivation.
All persons having a'u actual operated mine
upon any odd-numbered section of land within
the limits of the grant to the California aud
Oregon Railroad Company are requested to
notify the land agent of the existence and
operation of such mine. Ihe land actually
within the mining claim of any mine operated
will be relinquished If the laud is not patented,
and will be donated it the land is patented.
Persons wishing to prospect patented rail
road land will go well to notify the land
agent of such desire and they can enter into
contracts which will make the discovery of
mineral upon lands safe to prospectur. AH
lands which may reasonably be classified as
mineral will bo held for encouragement of
mining, aud mining operations will be given
the preference of occupancy and use, unless
such land possesses a value for the timber
growing thereon. In 6uch cases a timber
value only will De assessed against the land
held for i&3 encouragement of mining, o-r, if
patented, will be sold at the minimum oi
$1 25 per acre, reserving the timber right. In
the disposition of its land the Central Pacific
Railroad Company will pursue the policy of
encouraging the discovery oi minerals and
the prosecution of mining enterprises, and in
no case will its title obsrruct or discourage
such enterprise.
Mr. Mills was absent from his office yes
terday and nobouy else was authorized to
i enter into any further explanations. Many
will be interested in knowing in what
terms and under what sort of contract a
prospector may secure the right to pros
pect on patented railroad lands. It is not
known how many, if any, operated mines
the company may be asked to give a quit
claim deed to.
Mr. Miils has long protested that the
company was friendly to the mining in
dustry and wanted to encourage it, but
this is the first time that any definite
propositions of this sort have comn from
him. Meantime the company has steadily
received its patents from the General Land
Office in sopite of miners' protests.
Probably 1,500,000 acres of the railroad
lands yet unpatented are more. mineral
than agricultural, but when they are
transferred to the company as agricultural
lands and then sold the buyer owns its
gold if any be there and the prospector is
barred. This new move is thought likely
to be a weapon for use in defeating the
mineral lands bill in Congress, but in de-
JOHN L. DURKEE, the First and Oldest Fire Marshal in the
Gty, Who Died Yesterday After an Illness ot Some Months.
fault of that it will give much satisfaction
•■o tbe miners, at least, until it is seen how
it works.
Tirey L. Ford, who is taking a leading
part in behalf of the mineral lands bills
said yesterday :
"If the company means what it Bays
and has definitely determined to carry
out such a policy, it oug'it to mean ihe
beginning of an era of pood feeling be
tween the miners and the railroad com
pany. Mr. Mills has -aid many times that
the company was friendly to the miners,
but has mver made such a flefinit •,
, square-toed proposition as that. It will
I please the miners if it la carried out in
I eood faith. Of course we will keep up
" the right for the mineral lands bill just
the same. Ido not know whether or not
the com pany is now fighting the bill, but
Ido know that it fought it last winter
•lon,' the same lines as did tbe Land
Office."
Singing the Music of "Klijah."
Next Sunday evening a special musical ser
vice, comprising selections from Ue oratorio
o f "Elijah," will be rendered at Calvary Pres
byterian Church by the excellent choir, of
which Walter C. Campbell, basso, is musical
director. Among ihe gems of the oratorio
periormed will be "Hear Ye Israel," uy Mrs.
Priest-Fine, suprano; "O Re^t in ihe Lo™,
by Mrs. bedg ey-Reynolds, contralto; ' >Lllil
Thine Eyei," by Mrs. Fine, -iss Ivy Gard
ner and Mrs. Reynolds; "If With Ail "i our
Hearts" and "Then bhall the Righteous Shine
by D. M. Lawrence, tenor. Mr. Campbell will
be heard in the arias, "Lord God oi Abmhatn
and "It Is Enough." The organist, R. D.
Burners, will render selections trom ih ora
torio on the organ. This will be a. fine oppor
tunity :o hear me production of this highest
order of sacred music.
CHICAGO'S COLD SPELL.
No Wreck at cheyenne, Not a Passen
ger Hurt and Many Aboard I>id
Not Even Awaken. ■
J. F. Webber, a retired business man of
Ch.cago, arrived here yesterday. He came
on the alleged wrecked train, so disas
trously smasned at Cheyenne, as was re
ported in some of the dispatches. Mr.
Webber treated the report quite ironically.
"All there was about the smash-up," he
said, "was ttat there wasn't a smash-up.
Tne train was not telescoped and there
wa-< nobody on tLe train among the passen
gers whatever that was injured. A good
many of them aboard didn't even know
that anything at all had happened. All
that happened was this: At a siding near
Cheyenne, about midnight Tuesday night,
as our train was puling west it culliued
with thR rear car of a train going east—
the latter train had not ' got quite far
enough by. That car was jammed up
some, but nobody was hurt there. I heard
the hreman of the engine jumped and
burt his collar-bone. I couldn't learn defa
n:tely even whether that was so or not.
We had to wait twelve or fifteen hours for
another engine, and that delayed us in get
ting in." ■
Mr. Webber is accompanied by Mrs.
Webber. They intend spending the win
ter in California. They were here nine
years ago. He gives a pretty harrowing,
though brief, account of the ravages of the
cold weather in Chicago.
"It is remarkably cold there, he said,
"and there is a great deal of snow. The
thermometer lias been away down to 20
below zero. Business is very dull there
and times are Hard. There is a good deal
of suffering among the poor, an<i they
were planning ways when I left to try to
raise money to help them. It's a great
deal duller tnere now than it was last
summer. I was glad to get away, and I
won't co back till the cold weather is
over." _____
LIFE'S ALARMS ARE O'ER
Death of John L. Durkee, the
City's First and Oldest Fire
Marshal.
The End Not Unexpected as His Li
ness Had Been Held Dangerous
for Some Months Past.
John L. Durkee, San Francisco's first
and ol le3t F;re Marshal, passed over to
the silent majority yesterday morning.
He died at his home, 1710}^ Hyde street,
at 1:30 o'clock, nged 69 years and 6 months.
Mr. Dtirkee's deatn was not unexpected,
for he had been seriously ill for several
months. Old a^e and infirmities brought
about the end.
John L. Durkee came to California in
1849, as mate on the ship Balance, con
signed to Brooks, who afterward became
searcher of records. The ship was beached
on tue corner of Clartc and Front streets,
and on the remains of fier hull now rests
the Cogswell building.
In 1859 Mr. Durkee was well known as
a brave and fearless p liceman, but he
was of too peaceful a nature for the duties
of the office and 1862 found him Deputy
Superintendent o! Streets. In 1865 he be
came Fire Marshal and he so continued
until October 15, 1886, when he was retired
on a pension of $100 per month for the
rest or hia life. He was a writer of ability
and wrote several most interesting ar
ticles. As a member of the "Vigilantes"
he was quite prominent aud at one time
was arrested on a charge of piracy, but
was finaily acquitted.
Mr. Durkee was one of the most active
firemen of the Volunteer Fire Department;
wa9 prominently identified witn tbe Mon
umentais, which was organized by men
from Baltimore; was its foreman, and was
No. 1 of the Exempt Fire Company and its
president for a long time.
During the time he was Fire Marshal
thf>re was a good-natured contest between
him and Chief Scannell as to who should
be thrown out of his buggy the greater
number of limes. If one was injure i the
oth«r seemed to have the same poor lucfc
beiore long. Durtcee was one of the or
ganizers oi the Ea.'le Baseball Club, one
of the first, if not the tirs?, oreanized in
San Francisco. Judue Hunt wa3 an active
member of ihi3 ciub
Mr. Durkee was a man who was honored
ami respected by al. who knew him.
He leaves a widow and three children
two daughters and a son.
. — <► — •
To make it all it should be is precisely what
C. H Evans & Sons do in the brewing and bot
tling of iheir India .Pule Ale and Brown S:out.
Sherwood & Sherwood, Pacific Coast Agents. •
» ♦ — •
I lacnd Their Deeds on Kecord.
Two deeds were placed on record yesterday
by which the o.d elect: light and gas com
panies conveyed real estate, pipe lines, wires,
dynamos, gas receivers, franchises and all the
property used by them; in the transaction of
then botflies* to the. San Francisco Gas and
Electric Light Company, thus completing the
combination of their interests.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JANUARY 30, 1597.
BURGLARS AT W ORK
ALL OVER THE CITY
The Silent Craftsmen Enter
J. H. Schmilz's Grocery
Store.
Scores of Pac s Have Been
Looted Within the Past
Few Days.
Thcmas McDonald Captured With
Most of His Pi under From a Ssccni-
Street Restaurant.
Another burglary has been reported to
the police. It is one of a score that are
taking place nightly in this City, which
seems to be the Mecca for the JBieves of
the entire State in the winter and rainy
season.
This time it is the grocery-store of J. H.
Schmitz, at 124, the southeast corner of
Taylor and Eddy streets.
The thieves waited until the proprietor
closed the place, at 1 o'clock in the morn
ing, yesterday, and they began work on
the immense snow-window facing on Tay
lor street and reaching around on Eddy.
With a diamond or other thing capable
of cutting through glass they opened up a
convenient circle in the center pane of
glass, and emptied the showcase oi nu
merous bottles of champagne, whisky and
beer. There were other bottles of liquors
and things in their way to an easy access
to the store, so they gathered them in as
well.
The thieves must have been Beared
away before they completed their job, but
the preparations they had made, as indi
cated by the other panes of glass that
were cut, show that they were well started
in their work before being interrupted.
Four days aeo burglars entered the
Allen home on Scott street, near Oak, and
looted the place. Two days ago they cap
lured the cashbox of Mueppenuer &
T. F. SANDERS, Owner of the New Bonanza and Bachelor Mines,
and H* HAMMOND, Proprietor of Extensive Mining;
Interests at Ouray*
[Sketched from life by a " Call" artist.]
Mueller, at Lott street and Golden Gate
avenue, and a score of other burglaries of
the kind have been reported to police
headquarters. The burglars are the new
comers, it appears, tnieves who are driven
into town by tne cold weather, and the
Police Department finds it difficult 10
locate them.
Yesterday. however, Officers T. L. Ryan
and E. ODea gathered in one Thomas
McDonald, a local resident, and booked
him at the City Prison on a charge of
burglary.
McDonald was a waiter at 18 Second
street until the 22d inst., when he was
discharged. On that night with a dupli
cate key of the place, made at his request
by a locksmith in the neighborhood, he
entered the place and gathered in all he
could find.
He carried away three boxes of cigars,
a bottle of black berry brandy, a pistol, a
streetcar conductor's cap and $5.
The officers found all these things ex
cepting the pistol in the prisoner's room.
The lodging-hoase at 501 Post street,
corner of Mason, seems to offer unusual
inducements to room-robbers. Room 49,
occupied by W. Robinson, a mining man
recently from Amador County, was en
tered on Thursday afternoon aud his
trunk was broken open and some small
trinkets were carried away.
Three weeks previous another roomer
had an unsolicited visitor enter his room
in his absence, and his trunk waa also
broken open and several articles of nom
inal value taken. But fortunately the
thief either overlooked or was scared away
before he reached a bag containing $1000.
whicli was in the bottom of the trunk.
Mr. Robinson had a similar experience
in the same house about three years ago,
when his room was entered in daytime
and $25 was taken out of the pocket 3of
his ciothes.
THE PACIFIC ROADS' DEBT.
H. E. Highton'a i etter to Congress
Calls Government Ownership
a Bugbear.
The followins letter from Henry E.
Hignton to ex-Mayor Sutro relating to
debts of the Pacific railroads has also
been submitted to members of Congress:
San Feakcisco, January 23, 1897.
My Dear Mr. Sutro: You aslt my opinion,
shortly, on the present condition of the in
debtedness oi the Central Pacific Eaiiroad
Company to the Government
I regard the situation as still critical, and
that now, above all times, none of our friends
in Congress snould take the back track. I
sincerely hope that Senator Morgan, for whom
I have a d? ep respect, has not been misled.
Congressional action of any kind would be
worse than useless, tor it would mean neither
more nor less than the condonation of un
paralleled frauds. The re-iunding bill has
been beaten, but v commission, if possible,
would bo worse. L commission means settle
ment. There is nothing to -ettle out of court.
Arbitration or compromise implies that there
are honest differences oi opinion or in rela
tion to facts to be adjusted.
In the case of the Central Pacific Railroad
Company ther« are no such differtnc ■*, and
there are but two alternatives fur the Govern
ment—either to (Oilect the debt in the usual
way or ratify fraud and accept what the rail
road may disgorge. I repeat what I have said
more fully elsewhere, that the honor of the
Government It at stake, and thm the law must
be applied to Mr. Huntinston exactly as it
would be appl.ed to any other citizen, or
ea.uality Is destroyed ani the country dls
sractd.
I see the Cabinet has decided on immediate
forclosure in the case of the Uuion Pacific.
That Is the clear and effective remedy in the
Children Cry for Pitcher's Castoria.
ca-e of the Central Pacific. It cannot be
mutilated by Congress without a shamefui
yielding of legal rights. Government owner
ship is a bugbear. There is no such issue.
Through honest courts the em Ire debt can be
colleced. There is no i.oint here, as lv the
proceedings agaii'St the Stanford estate, ot
technical constructions of our State constitu
tion and our iMate laws fixing the individual
liability of stockholders. All that is essen
tial is that the bills for forclos
ure be properly drafted, in accordance
with elementary principles of tquity,
long administered and sanctioned, especially
in their appifation to railroads, by numerous
State tribunals, and by the Supreme Court of
the United States. The acts ot Congress, donat
ing lands and indorsing bonds, furnished the
capital which built and equipped the Central
Pacific Railroad. It was this railroad iv work
ing order, not "a streak oi rust," that consti
tuted the security. In creatn.g the railroad,
bo 10 speak, the Government created the secu
rity for twe repayment, oi its advances, and
Mr! Huntington and hisa«s ciates, having the
bondis, the ;and And the railroad, as con
structed, In tneir own possession, became
trustees that the security hnould be kept in
tact. In the loreciosure suns, unless the
National rights are given away, they and their
successors will De compelled :o put back every
do'.iar that was fraudulently taken iroin its
value.
There is no other question then before the
Government than the faith ul application of
the existing law to incontestable facts. By
this method the whole debt, principal and in
terest, will be restored to its fac.- value, and
the issue of' Government ownersnip, on which
there is sucti diversity ot opinion, will not
even arise. A combination of leg'ai caracity
with ordinary industry and integrity will end
the controversy. Tne security will be re
habilitated, the United Staus will have its
money, and let wno will get the railroad.
This is all I have to say, except thni while
every loyal Cnlifornian should rejoice at the
selection of a Cabinet officer from this State
the one proviso should be mat he must not be
a rai.road man. If he Jails in other methods
Mr. Huntington should not be permitted to
beat us by a coup of this sort. Faithfully
yours, ' Kesry E. HIGHTOiJ.
THE BACHELOR MINE HIS
J F. Sanders, One of the Rising
Bonanza Kings ol Ouray,
Is Here.
The Sgnificancs of the Strika at
Leadville— Money Pouring in
From Un on Mines.
J. F. Sanders, owner of the Bachelor
mine at Ouray, Colo., one of the richest
in that part of the country, is at the Bald
win. Mr. Sanders is accompanied by his
family, and H. Hammond of Delta, Colo.,
who is largely interested in mining and
lruit-growing.
The party is here for a few weeks' stay
in orjer to avoid the snows and cold
weather "of Colorado. They will visit
other points in the State, and Mr. Sanders
and Mr. Hammond will not unlikely visit
the new camp of Randsburg, for they are
curious to know just what the mineral
development is there.
The Bachelor mine, which Mr. Sanders
owns, is a queer property, judging from
the standpoint of roost silver mines. Its
ore is extraordinarily rich, and though
tbe output is small so far as the tonnage
is concerned the amount In dollars is
something which i 3 extremely gratif yinrg
to the owners. The product approximates
$50,000 a month.
"All we aim to get out of this mine in a
day," said Mr. Sanders yesterday, ''is one
car of ore. Sometimes we exceed that a
little, but we don't want to. That is
enough. We are satisfied with that. The
ore is rich; the first class runs from 150 to
200 ounces of silver and upward to the
ton. We have had ore there that run a
thousand ounces to the ton, but of course
we don't have a great deal of it. We are
working a force steadily of sixty men.
Our ore goes to Denver for treatment.
"I own other interests at Ouray and
vicinity, as does Mr. Hammond. We are
also quite extensively engaeed in ranch
ing and fru t-growing at Delta, on the
Denver and Rio Grande Narrow Gauge, in
the Gunnison country. The town of
Delta, which now has about 2500 inhabi
tants, is in the center of a magnificent
peach, apple and pear country. Many
other varieties of fruit can be produced
also, and fruit-growing there has got to
be a great business. It is profitable be
cause there is a steady demand for the
fruit all through the mines.
"It is pretty dull a!i over Colorado now.
It is especially dull at Leadville. The
strike there has made business awful
hard. Some of the stores are closing down
and the owners are going to move else
where. They are obliged to because there
is no money in circulation to buy goods;
that is, not enough to keep things going
in a way to make business profitable. But
still there la a vast amount of money
going In there from the miners of Ohio,
Pennsylvania and various sections of the
country to support the men who are out
on the strike. Quite a lot of money has
also been subscribed and is being for
warded to them from the union miners in
different parts of Colorado."
Mr. Sanders' fattier 13 one of the party.
Society 111 nia of California.
Delegates and members to the Grand Lodge
of the Danish Society Daula of California will
hold their annual convention Monday, Feb
ruary 1, at Sal mas. The society embraces
nineteen branches, of which sixteen are in
California and three In Nevada. It is a slck
beneficial order and the largest of Danish so
cieties this side of t.ie Korky Mountains. The
present grand officers are: President, C. P.
Jen.»en, VVatsonvuie; vice-president, P. O.
Keldsn, Fresno; secretary, J. P. Kotod, Ban
Francisco; treasurer, C. M. Be k, s.m Fran
cisco; marshal, H. P. Nielsen, Shu Francisco;
vice- marshal, P. C. Krogh, Sacramento. A
grand reception will be tendered the visiting
members by the hone lodge in Salinas.
Harry Huff Vindicated.
United States District Attorney Foote has re
ceived a dispatch irom the Attorney-General
directing the appointment o. Harry Huff as
court Interpreter of Chinese v til February
28. This is for the purpose of vindicating
Huff and placing him in a position where he
cati become an applicant for appointment un
der the Federal Government.
COMPLAINT OF
STONECUTTERS
Trouble Is Anticipi f ed Over
the Ferry Depot
Work.
Journeymen at the Sit^s Quarry
Are Not laid Full
Rates.
The Pac fie Bri ge Company Accused
cf Overworking; aiid Under
paying tae Mtn
Th 6 Sandstone Cutters' Union has a
grievance against the Pacific Bridge Com
pany and last evening a special meeting of
the union was held to consider what is
beat to be done to remedy tae trouble.
The comp!aints are that the company,
which is cutting the stone for the new
ierry depot at the foot of Market street,
is working its men ten hours a day, in
stead of eight, as required for State work,
and tliat it is not t&ying its men the rul
ing rates under which the union has la
bored for years.
The union rules require eipht hours for
five days and four hours on Saturday, at
the rate of 50 cents an hour or $4 a day. A
week or so ago the company advertised for
first-class sandstone-cutters to cut stone at
McPhee & Co.'s quarry at Sites, Colusa
County. A lot of union men went from
this City to Sites and were appalled at
what they found there. They went in
person because the advertisement stated
that no letters of inquiry would be an
swered. Applicants for employment were
told that they could work, but that ten
hours' bervice would be expected of them
for the six days and that the pay was 30
cents an hour or $3 a day.
A number of men were found at work,
but they were evidently men from the in
terior, not attached to unions and com
pelled to take anything offered, as they
had no money to get away. The stone
cutters of San Jfrancisco relused to work
on such terms and those who had money
returned Ht once to tnis City. Several
had no money, as they expected to go to
work at once, and they are tramping over
the rails now. George Knight, Clem
K.n«iser and John Kolf walked thirty-six
miles to a point where their limited means
would permit them to secure tickets
home.
Tins condition of affairs provoked great
indignation at the meeting last evening
ana several" spirited speeches were made.
In their remarks the speakers called at
tention to the fact that wh n the con
tractors — the Pacific Bridge Company — re
ceived the contract for the lerry depot
building th? stonework was estimated on
the union basis from the .figures of Mc-
Phee & Co., the lowest bidders on the
stonework.
The stonecutters think it is an outrage
that such a cut should be made in order
that the contractors might profit at the
exnense of the workmen.
One of the union men in his remarks
said: "The stonecutters of this City are
all taxpayers and should receive the bene
lit of this work, which is a City as well as
a State building. In fact the stone should
all be cut in the City instead of at the
quarry."
It was decided to appoint a special com
mittee, consisting of George Q. Bruce and
Thomas Lee, to call upon the Harbor
Commissioners to-day and do what is
possible to compel the Pacific Bridge
Company to pay the regular rates of wages
and to compel" the company to work its
men only eight hours a day, as required
by law, on btate work.
PELL DEAD Off A STAIRWAY.
Moses Meyer, a Retired Merchant, Sac-
cumba to Heart Disease.
Moses Meyer, who resided at 1317
Golden Gate avenue, dropped dead while
ascending a flight of stairs at 1362 Marfcet
street yesterday afternoon. The deceased
had been afflicted with heart disease for
several years, and although his death was
very sudden, it was not altogether unex
pected.
Mr. Meyer was at one time an active
business man, but he retired several years
ago. He leaves a family of eight children —
five daughters, three of whom are mar
ried, and three sons.
WEvr to-dat:
DEPARTURE!
SPECIAL SALE
Oneof IV. \J\J 1 *-?•
Our Customers. \ : 7
HERBS, Etc
• NOTES PRICES :
Sarsaparllla 800t.... ..........per pound 20c
Sage ..'....." " 25c
benna Leaves '.".: " 20c
Dog-?rass. " " 20c
Sassafras 8ark.............; " " 15c
Chamomlle Flowers..... " '.<* 25c
Juniper Berries " " : 15c
Elder Flowers.. " • .": 25c
Buchu Leaves " " 25c
Marsh Mallow.. " *• 30c
White Oak 8ark............ ........ " •' 20c
80ne5et............ " "25c
Catnip....... :.. " " ■ 25c
Horehound...... .'. " • ": 25c
All others at proportionately low prices. ■•
. fig- We guarantee all our herbs the FRESHEST
money can buy. • .
NO-PERCENTAGE PHARMACY
353 niarls.et Street,
South .-ide, bet. Fifth and >ixth
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
lOKTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD
(Via bauaalito Ferry).
IMi Baa irancisco, Commencing Sept. 13, 1891
WEEKDAY* "...
: far Mm Valley and San Rafael— *7 l2s, •9tl!S
11:00 a. M.: •1:45, 8:45, »8:15. *3:45, 6:30 P.K,
Extra trips for Ban Rafael on Mondays, Wedae*
4aya and Saturdays at. 11:30 p. M. ■
:-' •.; -.. ;•• ■■--•■; SUNDAYS. ';
War Mill Valley and 6»n\Kafael— *B:oo, *10:Ct
•11:30 *. m. ; *1 : 0. 3:00, •4::-0. 6:10*. U. -
i Trains marked • rnn to Han Uuentln.
/ THROUGH TRAINS. " .
For Point Reyes and way stations— 7 a. XL
Weekdays, B*o a. M. bundays, 1:45 ft K. data*
Cays.' ■ ; : ' : ■' ■ ■■■ -■■
>or Casadero and war stations— 7 :2s a. K. «n»
|NT»i 1(46 r. m. Saturday*. . .
THE SAS FRMCISCO AND SAS JQAQUO
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPAQ
FROM JANUARY; 1, 1897. passenger trains
«iii rnn dally, excepting Sunday: ■ ■ - ' <
Southbound. . . stations. Northbound.
7:2 1 a m. ...... ..■..Stockton 6:40 P. m. ■
■':'■ 9:49 a. it.../. Merced .....3:14 r v.
11: a m.:..... Fresno .:.... 1:10 p. it' "
:. For Intermediate stations see tlmn-table.'.
Connectl nit steamboats of the C. N. & L Co.
leave San Francisco at 6 P. m. dally, excepting
Saturday, and Stockton at 6 T. U. daily, excepting
I fcuaday. ;./ . . ■-- ' .' -• • ■
'. -. ■. -j . . - ' ■ ■ ' . " - -•'■' ■ ■ ■ - " ■ ■- . - . ■
ITS MARVELOUS POWER.
Paine's Celery Compound Bettar Than
Years of Doctoring.
There was never a remedy so eminently
successful, so far above and beyond ail
competition, as Paine's celery compound.
Paine's celery compound effects marvel-
ous cures.
Where other remedies miserably fail,
and where doctors do not succeed, there
Paine's celery compound is found curing
disease, making people well and happy.
Here is the case of Mrs. Haff, who lives
at 140 Summer Aye., Newark, N. J., and
whose portrait is printed here.
"My doctor," she says, "called my dis-
ease liver complaint, stomach trouble,
nervous dyspepsia, andalmo t every other
name you could think of. When I was in
Portland, Ore., I had enlargement of the
liver, and the doctor thought air the
troubles came from that severe spell of
illness. That was 12 years ago, and I have
done nothing but doct>r ever since. 1
have had the best physicians examine me,
and see if they could do anything for me.
For months at a time my stomach and
liver have been so sore that I could lie in
bed only in misery, and with such severe
pain in my back, and so weak that I could
hardly talk.
"After I had a bad night, I would send
for the doctor, and he would leave me a
small box of powders and one or two otner
medicines, and it would cost me $4 every
time I had one of thess spells. 1 believe
I have taken more medicine tnan any
other living woman.
"Last March I had a call from a lady
friend of mine, who asked me, 'What is
thft matter with you ?' I replied by say-
ing, 'How well you look ?' 'Yes,' she
RAILROAD TRAVEL,.
FRANCISCO & NORTH PL
CMC RAILWAY CO.
Tib won Ferry— Foot of Market St.
San Francisco to San Rafael.
WEEK DAYS-7:30, 9:00, 11:00 a. *.; 13:3\
8:80, 6:10, 6:30 P. m. Thursdays— Extra trla
at 11 :30 p. v. Saturdays— Kxtra trips at 1:59
and 11:80 p. v.
60NDAYS— 8:00, 9:30, 11:00 A.K.; 1:30, 3:3%
6:00, 6:20 P. it
San Kafael to S»n FVancl«co.
WEEK DAYS— 6:IS, 7:60, 9:20, 11:10 A. if
12:45, 8:40, 6:10 P. H. Baturdays-Extr3 tripi
at 1 :66 p. *. and 6:35 P. it **
SUNDAYS— 8:10, 9:40, 11:10 A. it: 1:40,3:10,
6:00, 6:25 P. _.
Between San Francisco and Schaetzen Paris sams
schedule as above. ,r
.Leave Tnpfr«v^ Arrive
Ban Franclsca Oct. 14? San Fra nclsca
W«K| SON- De .tfnaM 0 _ Sex- I Wm"
Pats. | days. " e B»nauon. PAYa . | DAYa-
-7:30 am 1 8:00 am Novato, 10:40 am | 8:40 am
8:30 pm 9i30 am Petaluma, 6:10 pm 10:25 ak
6:10 5:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm 6:22 ex
, '• Fulton,
7.30 am Windsor, 10:26 *#
Healdsburg,
' i tton, .
Geyservllie, -
8:80 pm 8:00 AM Cloverdale. 7:?5 pm 6:23 pm
■ ■ ■- Pleta,,
Hopland & -
7:80 AM 8:00 am Uklah. 7:36 PM 6:22
7:30 am ■-■■■■■ ■ 10:25 am
-?---.-. 8:00 am Gnernevllie. 7:35 pm ■••
8:30 pm . 6:22 pm
7:30 am 8:00 am Sonoma 10:40 am 8:40 a-
and
6:10 pm 6:00 pm Glen Ellen. 6:10 PM 6:22 pm
7:30 AM|8:00 AMI eblial . ono i 110:40 am|lo:2 •AM
B:3opm|6:oopml bel)MU)po '' | 6:10 pm| 6:22 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark ' West
Springs: at Geyservllle for Stages Springs: at
Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Pleta for Highland
Springs, Kelseyville, Soda Bay and —akeport; at
EopUnd for Lakeport and Bart Springs; at
TJkfah for Vichy springs, Saratoga Springs, Blao
Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake, Upper Lake, I'omo, Potter
Valley, Jonn Day's, Riverside, Lierley's, Buck-
nell's, Sanhedrin Heights, Hullville, BoonevUle,
Greenwood, Orr"s Hot Springs. Mendoclno City,
Fort Bragg,'-' Westport, Usal, Wlliets, Canto, Co-
velo, Laytonvlile, Harris, Scotia and Eureka. '.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets aireduO9l
"o^Rnndays round-trip tickets to all points be-
yond San Bafatl at half rates.
Ticket Offices. "60 Market St., Chronlcl« bunding.
H. C. WHITING, B.X.BYAN.
' Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent.
■ Atlantic '^^^^^i'
Pacific ■'JjlaMg^--
Trains leave aaj arrlva »tasfc>Cl!ifegJglfsfci
«larkei-Street Ferry. W^^ l^^^^^
mix fFexpress. IKlfeSf
To Chicago via A. & F.\SP2«£B??oUTEI
Direct Line
Leaves da ly a. 5 : , 0 p. m.. carrrlnr Pullman Palaca
Drawing-room and Modern Upholstered TourUt
Sieeplng-cars, whicn run daily through 10 Chiuaga
via Kansas City. " Annex car* for Denver and Su
Louts. — .-■-»■■ - . • . .
.Boson Kxcunlnns, via Kansas City, Chicago,
Montreal and the White . .Mountains leave every
eaday. '
i The best railway from California- to the East.
New rails, new ties; no dust; In. cresting scenery,
ana good meals in Harvey's dining-rooms.
San Francisco Ticket Office, 644 .Market
St., Chronicle it uilding. Telephone Main
1031* Oakland. XI 1» & road way.
MOUNT MALPAIS.
Trains connect with North Paolfla
Coast Bail road. . - - : .
WEKK UAYtUi* »ye S. F. 9:15 a. k. l:4!Sp. M.
Returning— Arrive S. t'. 3:25 p m. 6:20 p m.
SUNDAYS— LeaveB.F. Ba. m 11:30 a.m. 1:30 pm.
Returning— Arrive 8. F. 1 :1 5 p.m. 4: 20 p.m. 7 :35 p. m.
Tickets for sale In Mill Valley or
THO-, COOK 4 .-O.N s, 621 Market St., S. F.
Mm Valley and Mount I'amaipan Bctaio Bali way.
said, 'I never felt so well in my life.' She '
is a woman of 45. 'And now, 1 she said,
"I want to give you a little advice. I have
been almost at death's door with liver
trouble. After the doctor had done all
that he couU for me I told him not to come
apain. I showed him a bottle of Paine's
celery compound and told him 1 was
going to give that a fair trial. As a result
lam strong and well. . "~-
"I sent right over to the drugstore and
got a bottle of Paine's celery compound,
and when I had taken two bottles the
soreness had left my stomach and my Bide
felt much better. After I nad taken four
bottles my side was much stronger, and I
was in better spirits and felt as though I
miuht live and not be in such misery.
Working people nowadays work the
vitality all out every week, and all I ask
is to be able to earn tire money I have to
every week.
'•Paine's celery compound has enabled
me to do this, and has clone me more
good than all the doctors put together.
"Why, my nervous system is so entirely
strengthened that I feel iiKe a new beinsr,
and, what is more, 1 look the go.od the
medicine has done me right in my face
and eyes. Just tell all poor women for pc
that lor a medicine to build one up give
Paine's celery compound a fair trial, and
if it does not "do it then they might as well
die. I have recommended it to several
and it has helped in every case. I have a
great deal to worry me, and a dose of the
compound gives me quiet sleep and then
I can work. If any one wishes to write
me they can do so."
Why should a sick person do anything
else but try a bottle of Paine's celery com-
pound?
RAH.HOA.P TRATTBta _>■•
sovTiiKKX «*A«;iric COMPAHT.
(rACIFIO MV«TEM.>
Train* l«avr nml %re «lv« to nrrlv« ml .
KAN JTHA.MXNCO.
LEAVE — FKOM January 1, 1897. — ARRIVf
"*S^O» a Niles. San Jose and Way Stations ... . 8*45 a
7:OOa Atlantic Express, Ogdeu and Hint.. Bi*BP
7:00 a Benicia, VacaTiUe, Eumsey. Sacra-
mento. OroTille and Redding via
Dayis 6i45p
7:30 a Martinez, San Ramon, Vallejo, Napa,
Calistoga and Santa Rosa «ilB»
8::iOa Kiles, Bail Jose. Stockton, lone,
Sacramento, Marysville, Chico,
Tehama and Red Bluff -«:15p
•8:30 a Peters and Milton »7:13p
»:O»a New Orleans 111 num. Raymond (for
Yossmite), I'lesno, Uakersfield.
. Santa Uarliara. I, os Angeles, Dem-
ing; £1 Paso, New Orleans and
East.... ;... 4t45p
9H)Oa Martinez and Stockton 4:4&p
. »:00a Vallejo 6:15p
Niltts, San Jose, lirermore and
Stockton 7»1.1r
•I:OOp Sacramento River Steamers »9:00p
1 :OO p N lies, San Jose and 1 .ivermore 9 :43a
tl:3»r Port Costa and Way Stations.. 3 >43?
4:oOi> Martinez, San Ramon. Vallejo,
Napa, Calistoga, El Verano and
. Santaßosa »»10A
Benioia, VncariUe, Woodland
. ■■* >i; Knights Landing, Marysviile, Oro-  ,„ ,
ville an.l Haeraiuen'o 11:15*
4:30p Lathrop, Stockton, Modesto, Mer-
ced and Fresno, going via Niles, _ M ,
returning via Martinez 11:454
SiOOp Los .Angeles Express, Tracy,
V. Fresno, Santa Barbara and Los 1 M _ ,
Angeles 10i4»A
s>OOp Santa l"o Itoute. Atlantio Express •• '
. for MojaTs ami East Jo:43a
6:OOp European Mail. Ogdau and East.... 9:4»a
6:»0i« Huywardß, Niles and Sau Jose I* 4 . 3 *
}7:OOp Vallejo .*7:43»
7ioop Oregon Express, Sacramento, Marys- : •:
ville, Redding, Portland. Puget ._._-,
Soiimlaud East Iltls*
V10:00p " Sunset ; Limited." . Fresno, Los
Angeles. HI Paso, New Orleans .
and East ...«18t45>
■■ SA?ii'A C'KI'Z DIVISION (Narrow tianire).
Newark,! Jeiitervilln.San.loße.Felton,
Boulder Creek, Sant£> Cruz and Way
Stations ..;.... 8i5»»
•3:15p Newark. CenterviUe, San Jose, New
• Aluiaden, Feltou, Boulder Creek,
, Santa ' Cruz and Principal ■ Way
Stations "lliaOA
4:13p Newark, Snn Jose and Los Gatos ... 9:30 a
f11:43p Hunters' Excursion, San Jose and /
Way Stations 17»g0p
COAST IH VISION (Third At i'nwnwiid Sis.)
. 6:43 a San Jose ami Way Stations (New
_ Almaden Wednesdays 0n1y)....... 1:80p
- Mil 9 A San Jose, Tres linos, KanU Cruz,
Pacific Grove, Paso Rubles, San
Luis Obispo, Guadalupe, fciurf and
Principal Way Stations..  7i<H>p
10-.40.V San .lose and Way Stations B:OOp
11:30 a Palo Alto and Way Stations 3:30"
•2:30 - San Mateo.'Menlo Park, San Jose,
■ ' Gilroy, Tres Pinos, Santa Cruz,
Salinas,Monterey and *I0:40a
•8:!IOp San Jose and Way stations . 9:45 a,
•4:30p Sao lose and Way 5tati0n5......... *8:05 a
3:3oi> Sa- .Jose »ud Principal Way Stations *»: 13a
San Joso and Way Stations G:B3\
Hi :43k. San Jose mid Way 5tati0n5......... <7:45p
SAM IMiAJIU&O AMI lIAYVVARI)> HXiAL. ■■'
i»6:«M»A", ■ '' ■ ( 7:15 a"
8:OOa \ . fO:4SA
iS!SSa "I"", Seminary Park, i5S5i
*":o«"p Fltchbnrsr,S«nLeaadro. YIWU
«r : » d i isz
«!0«r HsiTrard*. ™%
•Stoop ■ 8:4»J
• O:OOp « Runs through to Niles. 10:50r
ttH:l3pJ < From Niles. ftI2:OOJ
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
Prom ?RiSCISCO— Foot of Market Street (Slip 8)—
•7:16 9:00 11:00 a.m. }l:00 *2:09 13:00
•1:00 t5:00 *6-00 p.M.
. From OAKUND— Foot of Broadwty *6:00 8:00
■ 10:00 a.m. $12:00 *l:00 " {2:09 *3:00 !' r t».C3
..-, «S:OQi > : . -- : .'■' "-- ' - • _____
', A for Morning. - P for Afternoon.
• Sundays excepted. ■ /f Saturdays only.
•- J Sundays only. - -■
ft Monday, Thursday and Saturday nights only. ,
VTuetdajs and Saturdays. < I Sundays and Thursdays.
NEW "western HOTEL, '
KEABNY AND WASHINGTON 8T3.-RB.
modeled and renovated. KINO, WAKD A OCX
European plan. -- Booms SOo to *1 50 per i day, $1
to fa per weeis, • $8 to ioJ per montn: ■ tree batlu;
Lot and cold water every room: tin graiM 14
every iwuii tie v»t*c i'UJU -iiiu^ai. <
910
THE COMMERCIAL WORLD.
srSIJHAKY OF THE MARKETS.
Fiour declined 15c.
Wheat Futures still lower.
Barley, vats, Cor.i and Kye weak and dnlli
Choice Hay s'.eady.
Beans very qu et.
Silver a traction elf.
Potatoes and Onions easy.
Butler and Cheese unchanged.
Eggs weak.
Poultry dull.
Game quiet.
Eastern Apples slow.
Wool active and firm,
llopsdul:.
Pried Fruits stagnant.
Meat market quiet-
No change In Coal.
THE "WEEK'S FAILCRBS.
Tli* 1 Bradstreet Mercantile Apenoy reports 28
f«lluresfor the Pacific Coast States and Territories
Jrr toe week ending yesterday as compared with 25
for the previous week anrt 27 for the corresponding
«HI ot 1896. The failures are divided among the.
trades as follows: 1 restaurants, 1 millinery. 1
lumber company, J men's furnishing, 1 commis
sion, 1 stationery. 1 bu;<her, 6 grocers, 4 liquors. 1
hay and grain, 1 uainier, 1 boots and shoes. 1 dry
goods, 1 publisher, 1 soda works. 1 national bank,
1 oil company, 1 contractor, 1 rsaouiacturer tiles,
I general store.
Explanation.
The arrow flies with th» wind. Tbe top flgnrM
at station indicate maximum temperature for th«
days; those underneath it. if any, the amount of
rainrall, ol mel:ed snow in inches and hundredth*,
during the past twelve hours. Isobars, or solid
lines, connec po^n s of equal air pressure; i«o
--thermR, or dotted lines, equal temperature. The
word -'hieh" means high barometric pressure and
Is usually accompanied by fair weather: -'low"
refers to low pressure, and is usually preceded
and accompanli-d by cloudy weather and rain*.
"Lows" ns'ially first appear on the Washington
coast. When the pressure is high in the interior
and low alon*c the coast, and the isobars extend
north andsouth along the coast, rain is probable:
but wtien >h^ "low Is inclosed with isobars o* \
marted curvature, rain no ith of Oregon is unprob
able. Wliha-high" in ilie vicinity of Idaho, and
the pressure falling to the California coast, warmer
weather may be expected in summer and colder
woatner in winter. The reverse of these condition*
wiU produce an opposite result.
WEATHER BUREAU I. E PORT.
United States Department or agricult
tube. Weather Bureau. San Francisco, Jan.
29, Ifc97, 5 p. m.— Weather conditions and general
forecast: SS^iiJ^
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to date
as compared with those of the same date last sea
son and rainfall for the past twenty-four hours:
Eureka 25. 26 inches, last season 23.61. past 24
hours I.l6:Red Bluff 13.82. last season 3367, past
24 hours .80; San Francisco 12.24, last season
12.21, past 24 hours .7"; Fr-suo 5.11, last season
4.09, past '.'4 hours .20; San Luis Obispo 11.58,
las. season 12.25, past 24 hours 1.76: Los Angeles
8 74, last season 5.91, past 24 hours .30; baa
Diego 6.84, last season 2.80. past 24 hours. ol;
Yiiiua 4.66, last season .46. past 24 hours trace.
San Francisco data— Maximum temperature 58,
minimum 50. mean 54.
The storm off the Pacific coast has moved north
ward ana is central to-night over Vancouver. It
will probably work eastward tnrough the British
possess ons. The pressure has fallen rapidly over
the Roc-;y Mountain and p a'.eau regions. la
Montana there has been a Tall of nearly ha' fan inch
in pressure.' Alone the pacific S ope there has
been a rather rapid rise. '
The temperature has fallen npidly over South
ern Oregon and risen over Washing. on, Idaho.
Montana and the countxv east.
Showery weather prevails over the entire coun
try west of the Kocky Mountains to-day.
The lowing maximum wind velocities are
reported: Point Reyes, 40 miles per hour north
west: San Francisco. 26- west; Wlnnemucca, 28
southwest.
Forecast made at San Francisco ' for 30 hours
ending midnight. January 30, 1897.
Northern California— Showery Saturday in the
northern and central portions; variab.e winds.
Southern California— Showers early Saturday
morning: probably fair Saturday: light westerly
wl ios.
Nevada— Kaiu in northern portion Saturday;
fair in southern portion. tlm~-iti
Utah— Rain Saturday. .
Arizona— Cloudy Saturday with showers early
Saturday morning.
San Francisco and vicinity— Showers early Sat
urday morning; probably fair Saturday : fresh west
.ALEXANDER MeAD
Local Forecast Official.
HEW TOiJK MAKKtIs.
Financial.
NEW YORK. N. V.. Jan. 29.— There was a slight,
Increase in the volume of transactions at. the Stock
Exchange to-day, the sa.es footing up 121,986
shares, of which 20,1200 were Northern Pacific
preferred md 15,100 sugar. Tbe only feature of
speculation was Its firmness throughout the ses
sion, despite a sharp break In the coalers. Tbe
latter declined 2Vfe for Lackawana and 1% for
Delaware and Hudson and Jersey Central after
the report of the Delaware, Lackawana and West
ern were made known. The report snowed a
deficit of $507,261. aud the road earned 6.05 per {
cent on its stock, against 5.17 the previous year,
while the balance-sheet showed au increase in ac
counts payuhie of $1.20U,000 and an available
baaiue of about $ 17,000, H00 boot value. Even
the depression in the coolers was of short dura
tion, aud L&ckawaua and Delaware and Hudson
closed v lth net uains of V*@ s /8 per cent, while
J> rsey Central lost V 2 per cenu
The general Us In the early trading Improve! to
the extent of i/4@l3 /8 p ~ r cent, the latter in North
ern Pacific preierrea, which was bought freely for
foreign account. Subsequently American To
bacco yielded 1 i/o and tbe other shares V*®l per
cen.t outside of Manhattan, which broke 2 points
to 86V1 oa a revival of the. rumor about an im
pending reiv Issue ot binds. The stock flna lv
raliied to 89Vi on serai-official stß'.ements that tbe
rumor ii question' probaby jrew out of the "fact
th»i the company has taken up for consideration
the extension of Its lints Ot course, if such ex
tensions are decided upon bonds will have 10 be
issued, t onsolidatedJGas declined;ii4 to 148y a ;
iMr.g island, on the other hand,- jumped 3*4, 10
49%. on reports thai tha original deal with the
syimirale will go throush. '
It Is stated ihat, Expert Little's report will be
made public shortly. The grangers, general elec
tric. Louisville and Nashville and Northern
Pacific received excellent support. Specu
lation cosed firm. Net change* show K»ins of
*/i@*'B P-r reni, -Northern Facifii: preferred learl
iug. Manhattan and tobacco, however, lost l(a.
I V2 respectively. I/ong Island closed 3V4 per cent
higher.
The bond market was strong and active. The
transactions aggregated 5.'.80U.000. The Hocking
Valley issues were the feature of tba trading.
General sixes jumped 10 10 78 and reacted
to 71, while consolidated fives ro*e
\y 2 t° 76V a , reacted to 75Va and closed at
76. Atrhisou adjustment tours rose li/g: North
ern Pacific preferred, Syfc: do terminal sixes, liA;
do consolidated fives, %: regon Short Line
sixes certificates. 1-. do consolidated fives certifi
cates, lVg; Ba timore <fc Ohio fives. 1: Chicago and
Northern Pacific first five certificates, 1»4; Colo
rado Midland Keiif-ral sixes, 31; Fort Wayne and
Chicago first sevens. 2Va: International and Great
Northern sixes. 1; Keaoing first preferred, y B , and
Kan Antonio and Aransas Pass first fours, 1%.
FINANCIAL.
CHICAGO GRAIN, PROVISIONS
AND NEW YORK STOCKS.
WMEELOCK & CO.,
4 Leidesdorff St., Tel. Main 1954.
CENTRA I. OFFICE . '
C 23 Market St., Palace Hotel. Parly & Atkinson,
Managers- Tel. Main 5144..
Uptown Office— Baldwin Hotel (adjoining Grill
Koom). Tel. Main 91.
PURD V. ATKINSON & CLAPP, Manager*.
Orders instantly executed on latest market quo
■ tatlons. Reference Ist National Bank, 8. F. '
CHICAGO. i-JtUVATK WiSii S£W YOBS.
Utah Southern extension sevens certificates
closed at 27; and do general sevens at 7i against
64(0.62% respectively for the last reported sales
Government oon la were strong and tue new
fours sold at 123%@12*: coupon fours of 1907
sold at 11-%- lte^uiar fives so.d at 113%.
Grain. \ :
FLOUR — Quiet; steady. . Winter Wheat, low
trades, $2 30@'.' 35; fair to fancy, $3 60@4 75;
do patents, $4 95(35 15: Minnesota c ear, $3 SO
@4; do straights, $A©l 45; do patents. $3 95®
5; low extras. $2 3U@3 35; City Mills, $.'(»6 25;
do patents, $5 20@5 45: Kye m x.nrei $3@3 60;
superfine, $2 5 @3 20: tine, $-' bO@3 15.
coutbern ' liour, qule: common to fair ex
tra. $3 :-.0@3 66: good to ihoice do, $3 75@4 05.
Kyt flour, dill, steady, at $2 50.
Buckwheat flour, SI 25.
COKN MEAL— Steady, quiet. Yellow Western,
(1 Ho@l 50.
BYE — Dull. Western, 38%@39c c. i. ;f.
Buffalo.
BARLEY— Quiet: 28% cc. i. f. Buffalo.
WHEAT— Spot market active for export, lower,
closing firm; f. o. b., 9oc; ungraded red, 73®93c;
No. 1 Northern, 87c.
Options opened weak and declined @6/ a o on
weaker cables, lower West and realizing rallied
%@lc on fair torelgn buvinz; fell 16/ B 'a)2c on
liquidation rallied 3/i@li 4 c on active expo -1 de
mand; closing unset 1 , led at «/»@ s / c under yester
day and more active. May »ud July most
active. No. 2 red. January, 821*0; March, 831/ic;
May, 81c; July, 7b%&
COB N— Riots dun; firmer. No. 2, 28%@29c
elevator, 29%@^-0c afloat.
Options were dull an firm at 3/ a @i/ c advance,
following the West and on local covering. May
and July most active. January, 29c; Aiay, 3114 c:
July, Bl%c
OATS— spot dull, firmer.
Options, quiet, firmer. January, 21c; February,
21% c; May, 225/»c
Spot prices: .vo. 2. 21% C; No. 2, white, 24c;
No. 2 Chicago, 22% c; ->o. 3, 20V*c: No. 3
white, 22c; mixed western, 22®24c; white do,
289306
Provisions. . o
ijiPD-Quiet, weaker. Western steam , f4 12%:
City, $3 40<»3 65; January, *4 15; refined quiet:
Continent. 94 60; South American, $4 75; com
pound, 4-lyiC.
PO.hK— Quiet, easy. New mess, $8 25@9.
jiL'l'lli Fairly firm and moderate demand.
Western Creamery, 13fei-o%c: do factory, 7@l4c;
Klgins, 20% c; imitation creamery, ll@l6c.
CHKKS>- — strong, moderately active. Part
I skims, 5@9V 3 c; full skims. 3@. < %c.
Weaker. Icehous», per case, $2@3; West
ern fresh. 17®!7%c: limed; 13@13%c
TALLOW— SIow, weak. City, 3Vi®3%c; conn
try. 3i /4 2 a
COT 1 o.\"s>EED OH —Quiet, rather weak. Crude,
20c : yellow prime, 23c.
KlCK— Fairly active, firm. Domestic 3y B @6c;
Japan, i W&S'-ifc.
MOLAS.>i.S-Quieu New Orleans, 22@32c.
COFFKE— Steady : unch»nged to 6 points up.
March, «9 35; .vpnl. $9 35: May, $9 40: July,
$9 45: September. S9 46: December. *9 45@9 50.
cpot KlO dull, easy: No. 7, 93 4 c
SUGAR— DuIL Oft A. h%<*-ic; mold A. 4%c;
standard A, 4i-ic: ronfeciioners' A. 8 c: tut
loaf. 4%c: crushed. 4%:; powdered, 4%c; granu
lated, *i/4c; cubes, 4%u. '
Fruit and Produce.
APRICOTS— 9@llc.
] l / < J-il-.fc— lVeie.i, boxes 12%@15: ; nnpeeled,
bags 7(gi9r.
IKIiNES-Four sires, si/ c:
RAISINS— Two crown L. M. 4Vic.: three crown,
5%: four crow 6%; Lunaon layers. $1 SO©*l 51);
clusters, $1 -o@i 90
A MuNDS— Soft shell, B@9iAc; do paper shell,
Il(ai2c.
WATNTTS—Standard 7c; soft shell, 9c.
HuPS— Pacific Coast, 2%®13c
WOOL— Dull. . Pulled, 18&31 C; Texas. 7@l2c.
Merchandise.
no IRON— Firm. American, Sll@l3.
COPPER— FIJm. Lake. $12.
LEAD- Firm. Domestic. .- H 07V>@3 10
- — Dull. Straits, *13 55@13 65: plates,
quiet.
I SPELTER— Quiet. Domestic. $3 Ss@4.
CHICAGO MARKETS. '
w
CHICAGO. In,, Jan. 29.-The wheat market
: opened with every Dear feature in good working
[ order, and an attempt was made to bring aoout
j another smash in prices, but It soon became appar
ent that, there was a' supporting power at work,
and it did not take long for the crowd to change
front and help along prices. Liverpool opening
cables were lower, second ones gave a recovery
i and that assisted the belle, fueling here. Receipts
i at Chicago weie 26 cars, and 66,*«38 bushels were
taken from store. The .\orthwest bad 194 cars
aga.nst 276 las Friday and 511 a year ago. In
the last hour 1 her? was a repetition of yesterday's
action, prices succumbing to heavy offerings of
lung wheat. .'4JESH
A snarp break occurred, pries dropping almost
to tbe inside put figure. Closing Continental ca
bles were generally lower, although fu.l sympathy
with American weakness was not shown. Export
clearances amounted to 183,818 bushels. At the
close shorts covered free y and a reaction re
sulted. May wneat opened from 74S/ B @74VsC.
jo d between 73@753/ c, closing at 744fc*74%c,
Va® l A c under • estetuay. Estimated receipts to
morrow 50 c»rs. No. 2 r^d spo: wneat ranged
from 82@85S/ S , closing at 8 @84%c
C«-R.N— The earlier steady tone 01 wheat aided
that of corn . Throughout me recent demoraliza
tion in the leading cereals corn has displayed re
markable firmness, sympathizing but Indifferently
with toe cine. Liverpool cab.es gave a decline
of i/id on 'corn to-day. Receipts were 220 cars,
and 172,531 bushels were withdrawn from store.
Export clearances were heavy at 614.808 bushels.
The late weakness or wheat caused corn to display
an easier tone, b t when tbe ra ly came at the clo-e
the latter rose 14. May corn sold between 24% c
and 23% c. Closing a: 24% c, %@Vs c over yester
day. Estimated receipts tu-mor ow 290 cars.
! OATS — Torre was the same improvement in
oats as made in the other grains. No extraordi
nary incident was noieJ nor was there unusual in
terest, but trade was not by any means dull. Re
ceip.s were 15.* cars, i here were no withdrawals
from store. May oats closed %c over yesterday.
i Estimated receipts or to-moriuw2Uo cars.
FLAX— Was easy. Cash. No. 1, 74c; North
-1 western, 76c: May, 76@70%c; July, 77% bid:
September, 79c. Receipts were 20 cars.
PROVISIONS— SimiIar act on to that witnessed
in grain .ook place in provisions. The opening
was easy, then there . was a ra 1 . which was due
to covering by shorts. Sympathy with wheat
affected the feeling Here. The strength of torn
was an tmpor ant factor In provisions late In me
session. May pork closed 7%c higher. May lard
2%@5c higher, and May ribs 2 ya@oc higher.
BUTTER— The butter marke. was firm to-day.
Buslnest was fairly active with moderate offer
iocs and a good demand .
Creameries— 2oc: extras. 18@19c; firsts. 17®l8c;
geconds,l4@l6c; imitations, fancy, l»@l4c. Dairies
—Extras. 17c: firsts. 14®16c: seconds. 9(*loc
Ladles— Extras, 10®llc: firsts, 8i /2 (09V2C; packing
nock. 8c; grease, 2i/ 2 @3c; roil butter, luc.
EGGS— Offerings »ere small and the demand
I good. The leeilng was firm. Fresh stock 16% c 9
dozen.
I MONEY— Was 4V-j®5X on call and 6% on time
I loans. New Yorn exchange sold at 40c discount.
(-losing Prices.
• WHEAT — January, 730; May. 74%@74%c;
July. 71 %c.
CORN— January, 223/ c; May, 24S/ g ; July. 25%&
OAT&— January. 19 %c: May, lhi/4,c; July, l<»c
PORK— January, »7 75: May. $7 no.
LARD— January, *3 -71^; May. $4.
kits-January, $3 97%; May, «4 02%.
Livestock.
UNION STOCKYARDS, Ilu. Jan. 29.-The
I entire week's receipts in cattle will foot up 42,500
bead, but sellers did not obtain any advance. The
few lots o really choice corn fed were dispose! of
at good prices, bat medium grades showed con
{ siderable weakness. There was an average Fri-
I day supply to-day. The demand was good as is
1 usual during the latter pan of the week, anl prices
i were steady. Owing to the Intensely cold weather
this week's receipts of hogs have showed a large
fai.ing off as compared with recent weeks. There
was not the slightest improvement in prices, bow
i ever, and much of the values were heavy with
I little outside competition, us tbe cold weather pre
vented Eastern shippers from operating freely on
several days. To-Qay'» arrivals were 22,000 head
against nearly 34.000 last Friday. Prices ruled
firm unaer the iuflnen :.- of a good demand, lhe
weed's receipts of sheep win aggregate about
b'j.O.JO head, or nearly the same as a year ago, and
trmle has fce.-u fairly active at a little lower aver
age price. The market wns steady today.
CAT 1 LE— Receipts, 3000. i ancy beeves, 85 20
05 40: choice to prime 135J@17U0 tt> steers, $4 80
I 05 10; good to choice 1260@i500 tb steers. $4 40®
I 4 75: medium steers, 12u0^13SO lbs, $4 05@4 35:
lair beef steers, -900@115a lbs, $3 BJ(g»4 Ou: com
mon beef steers, 950(oill50 lbs, $S oO@A 76; good
to prime stockers ana feeders, »3 70<$4 15: fair to
1 good stockers and feeders. $3 2S(j}3 65; bulls, choice
j to extra. $3 3d@3 75: cows and heifers, choice to
; prime, $3 60@4i5; cows, fair to choice, %i 60(3
H 50: cows, common to fair canners. $1 70@2 45;
calves, gooa tolancy, |5 £o®6 10; calves, common
to good, S3 50@5 40: Texas leU steer*. $3 45064 20:
milkers and springers, V head, ?J '(S4O.
HOGS -Receipts, 2.'. 000. Heavy packing and
shipping lots. $3 . 20@3 35; common to choice
mixed, $3 30(cc3 50; choice assorted, $3 4d@
3 56: light, S3 35(83 6a: pigs, $3 00@3 40.
SHKEP— Receipts. 9000. Interior to choice,
(2 60@4 10; lambs, 83 50®5 25.
Receipts at Omaha.
FOtTTH OMAHA. Nebr.. Jan 29. — HOGS—Re
ceipts, 4200. Tne market opened weak, closed
stronger. Light and mixed, $3 2 6@S 40; heavy,
S3 16(93 26.is%ra$MSB*
CATTLE— Receipts, 100' J. Market steady;
cows. $1* 50®3 60; feeders, $3@3 90: steers,
S3 60® l 26. •
(•UtJiP- Receipts, 2900. Market active and
strong. Muttons, $3 25@3 85; yearlings, $3 800
4 6U.
Receipts at , Kansas City.
KANSAS CITY. Mo.. Jan. 29— HOOS— Re
ceipt*. 1000. Market slow. Light, S3 27%(53 40:
medium, $3 27%@3 40; heavy, $3 20@3 82%;
pigs $3 0093 20 •" "^ » J»_;
CATTLE — Receipts, were 6000. Native
steers, best, $4 15(g>. 90: fair to good, $3 25
@3 45: cows and ueifers. best, S3 150.1 40; fair
10 good. Sl7s@<lo: bulls. $2 25®3 10: stock-
I ers and feeders. S3 16@3 66; 'lexai and Western,
182 70@3 90; calves, $5®9. : - .
Kii^EP— Receipts, 3uoo. Market slow.
DUN'S KEVI£WOF TRADE.
NEW YORK, N. V., Jan. 29.— R. O. Dun A Co.
will say to-morrow in tholr weekly review of
trade: January has been a month of disappoint
ment, but not of real gain. ; Nearly every bo y had
promise! himself aland of milk and honey after
New Year's, and tbe slow progress looks like stand
ing still to men lof such a mind. Moreover, there
are multitudes throughout tbe country who have
' been taking ' large ventures in advance of or apart j
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JANUARY 30, 1897.
from their regular business because they expected
a rise in prices. But prices full as yet to bring
them profit.
Wheat declined severely. Cotton has scarcely
risen enough to pay brokerage. Wool holds
steady in spi'e of enormous buying. Woolen
goons have made no improvement. Leather is
alugfclsh. Hides are lower.
. ne average of railroad stocks is slightly lower
than it was December 31. and the advance in
trust .stocks has l>een small. 10 traders in such
properties the month has b» en disappointing, yet
during the ween the record shows that ten iron
«or^s have started and only two nave stopped.
Thirteen woo. en works have started and many
more are about ready to s.ari, while three have
stopped. , •
similar things are son in other industries and
the additional establishments are not starting
without some increase in orders received. It
would jo more harm than cood to exaggerate the
Improvement, but a study of the conditions gov
erning business ind.cates that the wbeels are on
the right .ruck and moving in the ri^ht direction.
Men talked of a possible drain of gold a month
ago, but January has passed "lid the liquidation of
foreign indebtedness to this country seems further
off than ever. Mercaudise exports from New
York in January have been about per cent
smaller than last year's, when the excess of ex
ports was over 00,000, while exports from
other ports hare also been larger. The month hns
not diminished but-increased the current balance
due this country. Money markets become more
easy and favorable 10 legitimate business. The
reduction in wheat was over 6 cents. in spite of a
rt-noned yield far below that generally accepted,
reflecting perception of the error of the report and
the enormous exports of corn— Bo,ooo,ooo bushe.s
in eight month.*.
When corn can be had for less than wheat it la
largely preferred in European markets, and In
January 7,875.127 bushels of corn has gone
abroad from Atlantic ports against 5,630,419 last
year, while Atlantic exports of wheat and flour
have been 6,515,135 bushels against 8,843 679
last year. As the Government crop of corn pre
verted much advance in its price it al o affects the
demand for wheat, and a heavy liquidation has oc
curred, with the price of corn scarcely changing.
Cotton looks less attractive to traders because
American millers are laboring with plans to re
duce a large surplus of goods and prices have de
clined. Takings of Noi them spinners have been
in live months 44,000 bales less loan last year
and 423,000 less iban in 1894-9.V
sales or wool in January have never been sur
passed in that month nor in any other month ex
cept last >ovember and July of 1895 and 1892.
The price has remained about steady.
'l he iron and steel manufactures show little
gains, production having increased so heavily be
fore, and the gradual enlargement O' demand for
finished products has not overtaken that Increase.
Lower prices result for Bessemer pig, gray Jorge
and for Southern iron a Chicago, for cut nails,
and the average of all quotations is the largest
since ast year. For sheets there is active de
mauil and better demand lor bars on account of
car-building. Tin and copper are a shade stronger,
but competition causes sales of tin plates iu@lsc
below the agreed puces. .
Failures lor the week have been 331 in the
United State*, a:alnst 404. and 60 In Canada,
aealnsi 70 last year.
ISANK CLKAKI.VGS.
NEW YORK, N. V., Jan. 29.— Bank clearing
totals at the principal cities tor the week ended
January 28, with comparison* as telegraphed to
Bradscreet's:
Percentage
Cities. Amount. Inc. Dec.
New York $562,688,000 14 4
Boston 88.412,576 . 12.1 ......
Chicago 6»,8i0.068 10.5
Philadelphia 55,, 73,128 a 7
St. Louis 23,070,055 5.3
Plttsburg 14.91 X.044 0.7
Baltimore 13.292,587 4.3
San Francisco 10, J. 0,792 9.3
Cincinnati 11,077,450 11.1 ......
KansasClty 9.964,114 6.1
Minneapolis - 6,187.662 26.2
Umaha 4,405,600 2.0
Denver 2.567,45* 1.1
Bait Lake 1,4-18.126 11.1
Portland. Or 8->b.7bO 4«.0
LosAneeles 866.107 8 8
fceattle 3">*.034 22.6
He.ena 482,993 3.1
Tacoma 370,676 44.9
Spokane 44-.1 44 12.6
Totals U. 8 1,225, 113 11.5
Outside ' of .New York
City „ 398,657.226 . 08
DOMINION OK CANADv
Total $18,135,203* 0.5
>*EW YOKK STOCKS.
Bonds, Exchange, Money and Railroad
Shares.
Money on call easy at I%@S!%; last loan
iy 2 %, and closing at iyj%. Prime mercantile pa
per, 3<g.3V2»'. Sterling exchange is easier, with
actual business in bankers' bills a: $4 84%@4 85
for sixty days and $4 86%@4 87 for demand.
Posted rates. $4 86©4 87%. Bar silver, 64% c.
Mexican dollars. oO%fiisl%c. Commercial bills,
$1 83i/i@4 84 Vi Government oonds strong; State
bonds dull: ruuroaU bonds linn. Silver at the
board was easier.
CLOSING STOCK!*.
Am Tet & Cable... «5 North American... 4 l /a
Atcbtson 14% Northern Pacific.. 14
Preferred 248,4, Preferred 36V4,
Adams Express. ..l6o Northwestern 104 1 / i
Alton, Terre Haute 66 Preferred 164
American ExpresslO9% N V Central 93*4
American Tobacco 73% N Y. Chicago<fcs>t L 12
Preferred 102 j Ist preferred 65
Bay state Gas 118/8 2d preferred. 25
Baltimore Ohio.. 14% \Y& N H 176
Brunswick Lands. '•>■» N V & New Eng... 38
Buffalo, Roch <fc P. 18 XV' Susq&W.... BVi
Canada Pacific 5->5 /8 i ''referred 2*14
Canada Southern.. 45 Ontario 101/4
Cantos Land 60% ! ntarlo & Western 14%
Central Paclnc 13V*i Oresonlmprovmnt— •
Ches & 0hi0....... 171/4,o Preie-red
Chicago A1t0n. ....164 Orecon Navigation 16
Preferred 174 Oregon Short Lino. 15
Chicago, B &Q.... 74 Pacific Mail 25
Chicago* E 111.... 39 iPeoria. D & Evans 2
Preferred^ 80 Plttsbur^ <fe W pfd. 15
Chicago Gas.. 78 Pullman Palace.... 157%
Cleve & Plttsburg.lt>oi/ 2 Quicksilver 1
Consolidation Coal. 33 I Preferred.. 12
Consolidated Gas.. 14H Readme 28V4,
C C C& St Louis... 27% j KloGrande&Westn
Preferred 78%' 1 referred 40
Colo Fuel & Irea.. 26 1 Rock Island 68
Preferred £0 'RomeWat&OKden.lltf
Cotton Oil Cert.... 1 1 %'St L«fc SW. 4
Commercial Cable. 160 Preferred 10%
Del Hudson 107 st Paul 76%
Del Lack&Westrn. 152% ! Preferred 132
Denver* RG 11% St Paul & Duluth.. 21
Preferred 431/4 Preferred 86
Distillers — St Paul & Omaha.. 50%
General Electric... 345/ preferred 133
Erie 14% st f M & to 114
Preferred 34% Silver Certificates. 64%
Fort Wayne 166 Southern Pacific. 14%
Great Northern nf<J 121 Southern KB. »V 8
lireen Bay. Preferred 286/ 8
Harlem.." 292 ISugar Refinery lltj%
Hocking Coal- 3%! Preferred 103(y 8
Hocking Valley... 10 %|TeDn Coal <fe Iron.. 29W>
Homestake 35 . Preferred 80
H & Texas Central Texas Pacific 9V4
Illinois Central.... 94 Tol A A <fc N Mich.
lowa Central. 6%;T0l Ohio & Central 20
Preferred 24% Preferred 60
Kansas* Texas... 13% To! hi Louis &X <J 5%
Preferred aOVii Preferred... 15
Kingston A Perm..- Union Pacific 7
Lake Erie & Westn 16% P Den &Gulf.... 2
Preferred 60% U B Cordage. — ■
Lake 5h0re. ....... 152 1 Preferred .——
National Lead..... 25*4j Guaranteed
Preferred 90 C 6 Express 38
LongJslau'l 48% L 1 8 Leather........ 8%
Louisville <fc Nash. 61V* Preferred......... 61%.
Loulsvillr.N Aiony V* U 8 Rubber 22
Preferred I*4 Preferred 75
Manhattan C0n.... 88% UUca<fc B River.. .lso
Memphis <fc Charts ' Wai) SL & Pacific 6 3
Mexican Centra!... 94 Preferred 15%
Michigan Central.. Bt>Va Wells- Fargo. 98
Mlnn&SL Western Union.... 83%
Preferred - — Wisconsin Central. 2
Minn &St L com.. 19Vi! Wheeling & L E... 'IV* \
Ist preferred 18% Preferred... 9V4
2d preferred 47% Am Cotton OH pfd. 64
Missouri Pacific... 21% WU Beef 6%
Mobile <fe Ohio 21 Ann Arbor «Va
Nashville &cbMt. 6 7 Va Preferred ;... 24
National Linseed.. 13 Brooklyn Traction. 18%
N J Central 99% Erie 2d pfd. 19
Norfolk A. Westrn. lli.g American Spirits.. 13%
Preferred.... ..,.. 17 | Preferred 81
ClO8lN« EOVOS.
Ala Class A *%.... 104 Northern Pac lsts. 116
Do Class B 4, 65. 103 Do 2d«.. ..........
Alabama, class C. 98 Do 3ds. 81
Atchison 4s 81V 8 Doconsol&s 67%
Do2dsA 48% Or lmprovmnt Ist 85
Canada Sooth !Ms. 107 I Do 65.... ........ 18%
On Pac lsts of '9s. R <t N 15t5.. .....11l
Cherokee 4s, 1896.104 Doconscl 5s —
Do 1897 104 Or Short Line os. ..116
1)01898 ....104 Doconsol 55..... 72V4
D 01899 ......... .104 Pacific 650( '97..
Ches & Ohio 65.... 110 |Phlla& Heading 4s BIV4
Ch<fcN PTr Kcts 6s 43*4 Do Ist pfd Incom. 46%
D C 3-668. ....... 109V* X Grande West lsts 72%
Den & It Glst.....lll%EstL&lronMtGenss 76
Do «s 86% St L&sFGen 65..11u%
Erie 2d5...... 64 St Paul Consols.... 130%
Ft\V<feDenClty lsts 65 ->t PC& Pa lsts ..116V2
Ull4B A6s 107 So Carolina 4y a 1071/4
Do2d7s. 96 Southern X 805... 90
Gen Elec Deb 953/ 8 Do Pac Cat lsts.. 10 8
H & Tex Cent 55... 107 Term new 3s 77%
Do con 6s. 101 ! Texas Pac 15t5..... 88%
lowa Central lsts.. . U6Vi Texas Pac 2a.i ... 21%
Kansas Pa Consols 77 Union Pac lsts 98.104
Ks Pa lsts Den Dlvll6V< L : B 4s reg of 1925.12-'%
La Cousol 45........ 96% Do 4s, coupon...: 123%
Missouri funding... It? S4s reg of 1907. 111%
MKTl!ds_... 621/4 Do4s, coupon. ...ll2Va
Do 45....... 84V4 Do 25.. ....; 96
Mobile & Ohio 45.. 68 DO6S. Reg 113%
Mutual Union 65. .110 : Do Ss. c0up0n... .114%
N J Cent Gon 55. .'.116% V'a funding deot... 62%
N VC«tStLoDls4slos Doreglstered -
Nor West Gen 6sl 17 Do deferred 6»... 5
N Carolina con 4s. 102 Do trust, rent s:pd 6
D 065..... iaa Wabash Ist 63.....106
NortnwestConsols. 141S/ g West b&ore 4a.. 106%
lwa«o et HlVi
. FOREIGN MARKETS.
WHEAT IN LIVKItrOOI,
.. LIVERPOOL, Eno.', Jan.' 29.— The spot market
Is lower at 6s (<d. Cargoes are dull and lower at 34s
91, sellers, prompt shipment.:,
■ • ", : FUTURES.
The Produce Exchange cable elves the following
Liverpool quotations lor No. 2 Red Winter: Jan
uary, 6s 4%d : February. 6s 4%d; March,' 6s 6%d :
May, 6s 5%d; June, bs 4>/4d- •
SKCURITIKS.
LONDON, Kno., Jan.. 29.— Consols, 112 11-16;
silver, 29% d; French Rentes, 102 70c. • .
/ • EXCHANGE AM) . BILLION.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days. :. — ; ft 861.4
Eterllog Exchange, sight .,., — .. 488y a ,
Sterling Cab1e5.....:.../.; ...„....— 4 89f
New York Exchange, sight... — . 17%
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 2^V»
Fine silver, per ounce. " /. — 64%
Mexican Dollars .. "" ..;.."63 Wvk
PRODUCE MARKET.
WHEAT AND OTHEtt GRAINS.
WHEAT— The Conway Castle takes for Cape
Town 47,703 cite, valued at ' 568,325.
| Futures were off again yesterday and spot prices
were weak In sympathy. Quoted at $1 35@1 40 $
ctl for common grades, $1 4vy 2 for average Wo. 1,
$1 45 lor choice aua $1 62y a ®i 55 * ctl for extra
choice milling. •...*■ •.••./
' CALL. BOARD SALES.
Informal bKSSioN— 9:3 5 o'clock— May— 4ooo
ctls, $1 41%; 2t>oo, $1 4U4: .4000, $1 41 Va
-10.000, $1 41; 8000. $1 40%-- 200'), $1 40», :
2000, $1 405/ 8 ; 8000, «1 4oy a : 2000, $1 40%;
200U, $1 40V4
second session — May — 18,000 ctls, $1 38:
12.000, Si 37y 3 : 10,000, SI 377 8 ; 2000, $1 37 1/4:
18,000. SI S8V1: 8000,ra.J 388/.; 26,000. $1 373,4.
Dfceml>«T-2J,0U0. $1 21; 40u0, Si 20%; 4000,
«1 -H-i; 14,000, Si 211/2 ■ :
.Regular Morning 1 mission— May— 2ooo ctls.
$1 38%; 16,000, $1 H»1A; 2000, $1 89%: 12,000,
81 596/ 8 ; 2000, 81 39V4; 2000, $1 39<5i: 8.00,
$1 40- 22.000, $1 iui/4: 4000, $1 40%: 6000.
$1 4U3/ 8 niber— 4i.oo, $1 22%.
ArrKKxoox session— ..lay— 2ooo ctls, SI 40;
20,000, $1 :-.9%: 20J0, Sl' 39%. December—
8000. '2-2; aojo, $ -2y '
BARLEY— There is no lurlher decline, but the
market is we and dull. Feed, 75@80c Veil;
Brewing, S7yo@»sr.
CALL BOARD BALES.
Informal Session— 9;ls o'clock— May— 6ooo
ctls, 7tsc.
second Session-— No sales.
Kkgulab Morning skssion— May— 4ooo ctls,
76c; 2000. 76<foa
' Aftkrnoon session— May— 2ooo ctls, 77c;
2000. 77y 4 c; 2000, 77s /8 c; 2000. 78c: 2000, 77% c.
OATS— continue dull. Fancy Feed quotable at
$1 46; Common to good While. $1 10(31 36, accord-
Ing to quality. Black for feed, 95c@$l 10; for need,
SI 20@l 30; Gray, nominal; Red, $1 07y a (tf>l 12%;
Surprise, $1 sl'@l 60 $ ctl. l
CORN— .so change. Dullness and weakness are
the main features Large Yellow, 75@77%c HI ctl;
Small Round do, 90c: White, 75@77%c %i ctl.
BYK-90<a95c $ ctL
BUCK HKA'I-Quoted at $ 1 15@1 25 $ ctL
FLOUR AND MILLSTUF.FS.
Flour is 16c lower all around In sympathy with
the decline in Wheat.
> LOUR— Net cash prices are as follows: Family
extras. $4 Ba@4 95: Bakers' extras. $4 75@4 85;
Super tine $4® 4 35 $ obi. ,
lOKNMEaI, KTC— Feed Corn, $17@17 60;
Cracked Corn. $17 50@18 it ton.
MILLSTTJFFS— Prices in sacks are as follows,
usuel discount to the trade: Graham Flour, $2 85
* 100 lbs; Kye Flour, $2 75 «* 100 lbs: Rice Flour,
$5 75: Corn meal. $2 35: extra cream do, $3:
i at meal, $3 50; Oat Groats, $4: Hominy, S3 10
@3 30; Buckwheat Flour, S3 2s>@3 SO: Cracked
Wheat. S3 60; Farina, $4; Whole Wheat Floor.
S3: Boiled Oats (bbls), $5 50@5 90; Pearl Barley,
$8 7501; Split teas, $3 60; lireen do, if* 25 ft
100 lbs. -
HAT AND FEEOSTUFFS.
The best grades of Hay are steady, but the lower
grades are weak. - ,
BRAN— SI 2 50@13 for the best and $12 $» ton
for outside brands.
MIDDLINGS— SIB@I9 for lower . grades and
$20@20 60 %* ion for the best.
FEEDSTUFFs — Moiled Barley, $18 * ton;
Oilcake Meal at the mill, $26 50 V ton; joublng,
$27 60; clipped cats, $1 3oc*l 50 9 < tl.
HA V — Wheat, $t@ll; Wheat aDd Oat, $7®
10: Oat. $6@»; Barley. $7@B 60; River Barley,
$6@6 60: Alfalfa, $6@7 bo; compressed, S6@
9 60; stock, $5@6: el. ver. $ti®B ft ton.
bTKAW— 2o(S(JOc %» Dale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
Previous prices rule.
BEANS— Bay 01, $1 50@l 67% f, ctl; Small
White*. sl 16«S1 25 ctl: Large WuJtes. Sl@l 15 "#
ctl; Pinks, $1 05@i 20: Reds. *1 10@l 20: Buck
eye. f 1 lu@l 15: Reel Kidney. $2 50: Llnias, $1 60
@1 70. Butters, $1 25@1 50; Pea, *i lft@l 30.
SbEDs- Brown Mustard. $2 50@2 75: Yellow
Mustard, $1 75«2 Veil: Flux, $1 35@1 40: CV.nary
Seed, l%(iSiy 4 c *i lb: Alfalfa, 61/ic: Rape. 2y s
23/iC; Hemp, oc; Timothy, 4%c.
DRIED PEAS- Sl@l 20* ctl; Green,
SI 40@l 50 ft ctl. _-
POTATOES, INIO.V^, VEGETABLES.
Potatoes and Onions are quiet and rather easy
than otherwise.
POTATOES— New Potatoes, 2@3c "$ Ib: Sweet
Potatoes, $1 26@1 60: Early Rose, 70@80c; River
Beds.6s@76c; Burbank Syeedilnas. 60@76c ft ctl for
Rivers and 75c(g,$l 15 lor Salinas; Oregon Bur
backs. 90c@Sl U.
ONIONS— SI 26@1 75 ?. ctl: Oregons, $1 75@'>.
VKUKTABLES- Hothouse Cucumbers. 60c&$l
doz; Hothouse Asparagus, !-(9.25c 9 lb: Rhu
barb, %* box; Los Angeles bummer Squash,
Vscr<*sl %>. box; Los Angeles Green Peppers, 25®
60c: Mushrooms. S@UOc V* tb; Marrowfat squash.
$5@6 %* ton; Los Aneeles Tomatoes, ;)or@*l '$
box; Dried Peppers, 7@Bc %* lb; Green Peas, 4@sc
V lb: Los Angel* String Leans, 6®loc; Dried
iiKra. B@9c %i Ib; (.abbhice. 40@50c ctl; Carrots,
25@.HOc '•$ suck: Garlic, 1 1/2@ % -0 %* lb. •
BITTER, CHIE.SE AND EGGS.
BUTTEr— No furiher change.
Creamery— Fancy Creameries, 20@22c; some
specials bring more: seconds. 18@19c 1* lb.
Dairy— Fancy, 16@16c: good to choice, 13®
14c: lower grades, 10($12c V- Ib.
Picklkd— l3@l4c V- ">•
Firkin— l3& :4c %« lb.
Creamery Tub— l6(aißc ib.
CHEESE — Choice mild new is quotable at
10<ai0i. 2 c i* lb: common to good old, Bftc9c; Cream
Cheddar, ll@12c; Younc America, lie; Western,
ll@>l2c: Eastern. 13@14%c.
EGGs— Continue to shade off slowly. Ranch
Eggs, 17Vi(3>-Oc: store Eggs, 15@17c; Eastern, 15c
.ii./. -
FOI'LTKY AND GAME. 4
POULTRY -Quotations remain unaltered.
Live Turkeys, 12@13c H tb for Gobblers. 13@
14c 9 tb for Hens; Dressed Turkeys, 14@16c 9 &>;
Geese, ft pair, $1 f>O(g>; 75: Ducks, S6@7 V dozen;
Hens, $3 ; 00,4 50: Boosters, young. S4(as IS .toz:
do, old, $3 60@4; Fryers, S4@4 50: Broilers, S3 50
($4 25 for large and $2 60@3 25 for small; Pigeons,
SI 50@'J %* doz tor young and $1 lor old.
GAME — The market Is very dull. English
Snipe. $U 50 %* dozen: Jack Snipe, SI 60: Here, 50
Id 7. : .!•; Babbits, $1 50 for Cottontails and $I@l 25
for small: Gray Geese, $2 50@3; White Geese, SI ;
Brant, $1 25@l 50: Honkers. $4.
DECIDUOUS AND CITKUS FRUITS.
. Eastern Apples rule dull.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Apples, 80t@si '*« box lor choice, $1 25@1 50 for
fancy Bed, 60(&)75c for common; Eastern, $1 50
@2 60 %l bbl.
Pears, 26(5|t50c 'ft box. .
Persl -j.moas, 3&@65c 9) box.
BKKRIKS-
Eastern Cranberries. J6@7 50 V bbl.
CITRUS FBUlTS— Lemons are very doll. Boare
Oranges. Mandarin Oranges. 90c@Sl *box: Navel
"ranges. *2@2 50; Seedlings, tl@l 25: Lemons,
75c@$i 50 for common and $2 'ft box for good to
choice; Mexican Limes $b 50(^6; California Limes,
$1 50(31 75; Bananas, $I<£2 * bunch: Pineapples,
4 * doz. , - . .
DKIED FRUITS, RAISINS, NUTS, ETC.
DRIED FRUITS—
Stagnant and unchanged.. ,
Quotations on the Fruit Exchange are nominally
as follow*: . . • • *
« arkiad Lots— Apricots are quotable at 6Q9c
for Royals and lli/ 2 @l2c for choice to fancy
Moorparks: Prunes, 3y 3 c for the 4 sizes: Peaches,
4fisV c for prime to choice, 6y @7c for fancy and
9(&10c for peeled In boxes; Apples. 6@5U.3 for
evaporated anil -J@2%c for sun-dried; .rears, 2%
@5c for prime to choice, 4@5%c for quarters anu
t><gi6!/2C for halves; Plums, 4c for pitted ana l%c
fo unpitted; Nectarines, 3y 2 ©4% c for choice and
si/ c for fancy; Wiilte Figs, 3c; Black Figs, 214
@2y 2 c ■. • . s ■ .. . • . -
> JoßßiNn Prices— Peaches, 4%@5%c V lh:
fancy, 6y2@7l.ijc t* ft; peeled. 12y 2 c * lb. Apri
cots, 6i/^(g>9c %i lb: lancy, 10c: Moorparks, i2@
13c; evaporated Apples, 53/ic; sun-dried, 2%@3c;
Prunes, 334@4c for the 4 sizes: Figs, black, 3c for
impressed «di 3@3y 2 c for pressed: white Figs, 4c;
Plums, 4y2<&6c for pitted and l%c for unpltted;
Nectarines, 4<S6c Ib for prime to fancy; Pears,
2%@5c for whole. 4%@5%c for quarters and
4%(c&U%c for hmves.
Raisins- '
Carload Prices — Four- crown, loose. 6s/«c;
three-crown, 43/ 8 o $ ft; two-crown, 33/ c%4 m
seedless sultanas, 6y a c; seedless Muscatels, 4S/ 8 c;
three-crown London layers, $1 16: clusters, $1 &0;
Dehesa clusters, $2 60; Imperial clusters, $3;
dried Grapes, 3c •» Hi.
Jobbing Prices— Sax Francisco— Four-crown,
loose. 5«4c: 3-crown, 484 c: 2-crown, 3S4c: seed
less Sultanas, 53 /4 c; stertless Muscatels, 2 c;
3-crown London layers, $125; clusters, $1 60;
Dehesa clusters, $2 75: Imperial clusters, $3 25.
. N UTS-Chestnuts quotable at 8@10c: Walnuts,
6y 2 (Si7o %* a. for standard and 9@9y 2 c * tb for
sortshell; Almonds, ti@by 3 c for Lauguedoc, 3@
3y 2 c for hardshell and 839 c Vtb for paper shell;
Peanuts, 4Q6c V lb for eastern ana 40 for Cali
fornia; Hickory Nuts, s@ac %* lb; Pectins, 7%@
ec 9 Ib; Filberts, 7V>SBc; Brazil Nuts, 7y«@Bc;
Cocoauuts, $4@5 %>, 100. '
HONEY— 10@12%c for bright and 6@9c
for lower grades: water-white extracted, 6(Bsy c;
light amber extracted 4y>®4%c; dark amber,
4@4%c: dark, 2fii3c ft Ib. •"
BKESWAX-^2@26C '.* Ib.
VISIONS*
. ; Dull and rather easy.
CUBED MEATS-Bacon, 6CH tb for heavy, 7c
»Ib for light medium, 9y 3 c for light, 100 *lb for
extra light and liy 2 c $Ib forsugar-curad. East
ern sugar-cured Hams, - 12@12%c: California
Hams, 10@10%c: Mess Beef, »7@7 60: extra
mess do, $B@B 50; family do, $9 &0@10; extra
prlmo Pork, 87 60 @ 8; extra clear, $ltt ft bbl;
mess. $14 9 bbl: Smoked Beet 10c * lb.
LARD— Eastern, tierces, is I quoted at 6%c for
compound and 6@6%c for pure: palls, 7c: Calli
fornla tierces, s@sy a c «J ft for compound and 61/4 C
for pure: half-bDls, 834 c; 10-lb tins, 7Vi<=: do, 6-tb,
7y 2 c^ib. .■-.■■- . -.-..■- .- ■ .* •■•■- ■
' CoTTOLENE-6®ey 4 c In tierces «nd 7»^®By 8 o
in 10- tins. .: '•
HIDES, TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS.
HIDES AND *SKINB-Culls and brands sell lo
$ lb under sound stock. Heavy salted steers, 8c:
medium, 7c * lb: li;:ht, ; 6c * ; Ib: ' Cowhides, 6c:
salted Kip. j6c , V lb: salted Calf. , 7@Bc: ■ salted
Veal, 6@7c: dry - Hides, 12®13c IJ4 16; culU a&d
brands, 9@loc: dry Kip and Veal,9©xoc:dry Calf,
16c: culls. 10c; Goatskins, 20©35 c each: Kids,
sc; De-rskins, good summer, 26c 'H tb; medium,
20c: winter, 10c; Sheepskins, shearlings,- 10@20c
each; short wool. 25@35ceach; medium, 30@16c
each: long wools, 40@60c each. '.- '.'-■- "
TaLIOW-No. 1, rendered, 3®3y*c; Ma 2, 2%c;
refined. sc: Grease,. 2c %J tb. ■• . '
WOOL— The deci^nv! is active again and the
market is firm. We quote Fall Wool: Free
northern,, 7@B^c. middle counties, free, sya@7c;
do, defective, 4y 2 @t>c: San Joaquin, 3@su: do.
foothill, s@7c: kastern Oregon, 7@loc; Valley
Oregon, fall and lambs', 10@llc It tb ■
HOPS— 63I Bc fur lair to choice and 9010 c 9 lb
for fancy. The market Is very dull. ;
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain; Bass, spot, 4%c; June-
July delivery, 4 %c; San Quentln, . $4 65; Wool
Bass, 24i/ 1 @26y '-.
COAL- Harrison's circular says: V "Durinj: the
week there nave been 10 arrivals from the Coait
collieries with 20,39 tons of lo;il. from Australia
two cargoes aggregating 4053 ions. Coalcarts aie
kept busy delivering loads very tretly tarough the
city, prlnclDaliy for house use«. yet some of the
yards appear to be carrying very full stocks 01 do
mestic grades, which it exceptional at this season
of the year. Orders for luture loading of English
and Australian are not going forward as freely as
is usual In January. The asking prices for Aus
tralian are certainly low enough to induce large
consumers 10 become generous buyers. The ask
ing freight rates >rpm. British shipping ports are
relallvelv much higher than from the Colonies,
hence but little English is being loaded. Ihe an
ticipation 01 an early Chang- of the duty rate on
Coal makes buyers very cautions as it is always a
conundrum what conclusion tariff framers may
arrive at. shipments of wheat and flour to Aus
tralia were peculiarly exceptional; these are now
being followed by vessels going from here in bal
last to New caatl , .N. S. W. , to oring Coal back at
about $3 * ton freight, which is aUoan exceptional
transaction. Th cc dollars i* ton freight for the
two voyages (there and return) clearly demon
strates how demoralized our local freight rates
have become, as such voyages barely pay running
expenses of the vessel." -•.-,.■
Wellington is quotuble at *S: New Wellington,
fß* too;. gouthtleld Wellington, $7 60 .V ton;
Seattle, $5 60: Bryant, «5 60: Coos Bay. $4 75;
Wallsend,s6 60; Scotch. : Brymbo, ; Cum
berland. $13 60 in balk and $16 1u sacks; Penn
sylvania, Anthracite Egg, Sll@l2 %4 ton: Welsh
Anthracite. $8@10: Cannel, $8 * ton; Bock
Spring*. Castle Gate, and Pleasant Valley, 87 60;
Coke. 811@12 in bulk and *13 V ton in sks. - ■
BICE-Chinese mixed, $3 4&@3 55; No. 1, $3 76
@3 PO ctl: extra No. 1, $4 10®4 30; Hawaiian.
$4 25@4 37%: Japan, S3 90@4 50.
SUGAR— Tne Western Refining Company
quotes, terms net cash: Cube and Crushed, a c;
Powdered, be: Fine Crushed, 6%c; Dry Granu
lated, 48/ 8 c: Confectioners' A, 4»/»c: : Magnolia A,
4c; Extra C, 3%c: Golden C, 3»4c: half barrels
Vie more than Darrels, und boxes % c more.
SAX FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
The. market is quiet all around and easy.
Wholesale rates for dressed stock from slaugh
terers are as follows:
BEKF— First quality, 6-/»c; second, s@6c; third
do, 4@sc $ lb.
VEAL— Large, 6@7c; small, 7@Be 1* ft.
MUT lON— Wethers, 6%@7c: Ewes. 6@6%c
9 tb.
LAM B— Spring, ; yearlings. 7@Bc * lb. '
PORK— Live Hogs, l £@iV4fi Ib for large and
3Vi@3B/ 8 c for small ana medium; dressed do, 40
6c f* tb. .. "1 .
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
FOR 24 HOURS.
Flour, qrek».... 1.930 Cheese, ct1a..,.., '77
Wheat, ctls 118,405 | Khpi, do» tm 4 860
Parley, ctls 6,b93 Hldei. no 2-112
Beans, ski 21 1 Pelts, bdls. 130
Corn. East, ctls.. 800 Wine. g&15...._ 43,300
oats, Ctls 2,510 Leather, r0115.... 60
Potatoes, ska.... l.BHii ' Tallow. ctls.. — 46
Onions. ses..._ 67S 1 Quicksilver, fliti 149
Bran, sks 1,0.0, Wool, bis 13
Middlings. sits... 6 j Lumber. M <»«.. 10
Hay. tons _ 2> 8 Paper, reams.... a,200
Butter. cu»..._ 9b| ' :''"'h>'^
FAMILY RJSTAIL MARKET.
Eggs arc cheaper. Butter is unchanged.
Meats and Poultry sell at previous prices.
Fruits and Vegetables show no change.
Following is Tui Call's regular weekly retail
price list: ■„. . ;v;- ! ?
COAIj— TON.
Cannel — @10 00 1 Castle Gate. ; P 60@l 0 00
Wellington.' —#10 00 1 Pleasant Val 9 6O@lo 00
New Wei- ■ Southfleld • •
lington.... ®10 00 Wellington —® 950
Seattle 7 60® — Coos Bay... <fl» b75
SAIBV PRODUCK. - KT~- ■ \
B utter, fancy, %* I Cheese, Eastern... 16®20
square — (850 i Cheese, Swiss... 20f<630
do, » roll 35(a>40 Common Eggs 17(qi20
do. good —©30 BanchKggs'jidz... 2o6626
Pickled roll 3<)@ - j Honey, comb, ■$1b.12(#15
Firicin. — @30! do, extracted.... B®li
Cheese, Cai........12@15
MEATS — PF.B POUJIn.
Bacon . 12rai7|Pork, fre5h.., :.,"... 12/sls
Beef, choice 12(2>15 Pork, salt 10@12
do, g00d... B@lo Pork Ch0p5....... 12®15
Corned Beet. B@— Round Steak B^lo
Ham, Cal ...12%@15 Sirloin Steak... —
do. Eastern. lfi@l6 Porterhouse, d 0... 17@20
Lard... - 12<al 5 Smoked 8eef...... —^15
Mutton ..: B®l3 Pork sausages.... — <^20
Lamb.. 10@12y a ! Veal... ....10(3(16
Spring Lamb 20@25
POULTRY AND RAM*.
Hens. each 60* 60 Docks, each... BOrtS 65
Young Roost- Geese, each 75@1 00
era, eacn 60® 60! Pigeons, $ pr.. 40® 60
Old Roosters, | Babbits. V pr. 85® 40
each BOA — Hare, eacn 160 20
Fryers, each... —& 40, VV 'lid Ueeac.ea. 20® 30
BroUers, each.. -@ 36 KngSnlpe.^dzS 00@3 50
Turkeys, $ .•}>.. 16& lbfJak snipe, 00® ' —
TRvira AVI> XUTV .1 •;-';.
Almonds, V Ib 12@16 Limes, * doi 16® —
Apples. $ Ib 4& 6 Oranges, V doz...'. 15(330
Bananas. ¥ doz...ls@2OPears, $ lb .;B@iO
Cocoanuts. each... 446 Raisins, 1* lb. Hfisls
Lemons, it aoz — 25®30i Walnuts. fib 15® —
VKOETARIin.-
Asparagus. 9lb ..20(ai35 ! Mr'fat Squash, Ib 6@lo
Artichokes,^dozsl@l 2 &|Drled Okra. 9 1b..12@15
Beets, ?> doz. 12@15Onions, & 1b....... 4@ J»
Beans, white 3(4 6 Peppers, dried ...15@ —
Colored, "# !b..... :-(a* 61 do. gre*n. 9 Ib . f(a,lG
Lima, ft Ib- 4@ 5 Parsnips, % aoz. ...15®20
Cabbage, each Potatoes, V Jb..... 2® 3
Cauliflowers, each. b<alO do Bwwi, i* lb.. 3® 4
Celery, it bunch... 6<a — ißadishes.»dzbchs.lO@ia
Cress. »dzbunchs.2y®26 Rhubarb. %< tb.-...— ® —
Garlic '$ tb:. ...... 6/m -ISdge. Ip Ib ......25035
Green Peas, it lb.. fc@lO String Beans, 3 !b.10®15
J^enUls, * tb. ...... 6® 8 Thyme, * tb.......20@30
Lettuce, ft doz 15^23 Turnips, ft d0z.... 16(<520
Mushrooms, f> 30 Tomatoes, 5i.... 10®15
ITI6H— Pin . poukd.
8arracuda.... ...... — Shad... B@lo
Carp:............... 6© >• Sea Bass .....10(312
Codfish 12(8915 Sm«lta;. ■;.-..„ 12@15
Flounders lOiSd — Soles... 10(312
Halibut 1 6 Skates, each 6@15
Herring 8@10:5turge0n...........10@12
Ktngf15h. .......... 8(<410;Tomcoa 12@l-">
Mackerel..... -(d, -Clams, V* gaL...... — ®50
do.Horse -@ — Do. hardshell, V ■
Perch „ 10®— |. 100 50®-
Fompano — (3— j Crabs, eact».......'.12@15
Rockflsh ....12®15 Do. softsheU, 9 d«.25@3S
Salmon, 5m0ked... 20(4 — Mussels, ¥ qrt.. . ..10@12
Salmon, tresh 5 Oysters, Cal,^ 100.40® —
Shrimps B@lo|Do, Eastern, %1d5.25®10
KEAL ESTATE TEANSAOTIOITS.
John H. Holm to Harriet Holm, lot on SB cor
ner of Fell and Octavla streets, E 5a by S 120;
gift.
Charles H. and Clotilda Cassasa to Carmen U.
Dumphy, lot on W line of Buchanan street, 25:6
N of Washington, N 25:6 by W feO; $10.
Robert and Kllzabeth Hodge to Isabella Levy,
lot on NW corner of Butter and Scott streets, W
37:6 by N 100; $10.
Abner Doble Company to Henry E. and Louis E.
K. Hun man n. lot on NX corner of Filbert and
Pierce siree s, N 22:11, X 84:8^. SW 22:11, W
80:3 Vi: $10.
Kstateof John J. Batteate (br Alfred Herman,
ndniinistrator) to N. J. Batteate lot ou W line of
Broderirk s.reet, 112:6 aof Tonquin, S 26 by W
137:6; $750.
City and County of San Francisco to Henry
Mahan, lot on NW corner of Wood street and Polut
Lobos avenue, W «0, N 97. W 51, NW 396:4Va.
NE to Wood street, a 471:8; also o on Mi cor
ner of Point obos avenue and Ferrle street, N
551:9, E 118 :27/ 8 , s 116:liy a to beginning; a.so
lot ou NX corner of Ferr.e street and Point Lobos
avenue, W 106:6, N 1H7:«. W 134 8. N 464:9, X
560:9; also lot on NW enri.er of Point Lobos
avenue anj Cook street. W 240, N 630:Ci/a, NX
241 :IC3/ 8 . s 6H0:23/g: also lot on NW corner of
Point Lobos avenue a id Boyce street, W 105:1%,
NW 657:6 i / a, XX 132:9^4. S 637:6; $ .
Cornelius W. and Nellie Hogan to Jacob D.
K1007., lot on .s line of 'lwenty-fourth sireet, 82:6
W of Harrison, W 40 by N 96: $2560.
Emily i\, L>racl« D. and Albert O. Richardson,
.Ella F. Gllham (nee Richardson) and Carrie M.
Courtney (nee Richardson) to Isaac Anderson, lot
oa SJB corner of Twenty-third and Vlcksburg
streets ii 117:6 by S 65, being lot 133 of fourth
purchase of Saa Francisco Homestead Union; $5.
Belle Keguine to Charles L. Tilden, lot. on N X
corner of LI Dorndo and Rhode Island streets, E
100 oy N 200: $10.
Arthur and Annie P. Baker to Edwar.l P. Ba
ker, lot on NW corner of Powhattan and Siegel
streets, N 125 by W 140, being lots 876 to 885,
Gift Map 3: $900.
Alice J. Vieno (nee Fortune), Henrietta M. T.
Robinson (nee Fortune) and Grace C. For une to
Frederick R. Webster, lot on N corner of Ocean
House road and Delaware aveuue, NE 38:6, NW
255, SW 40:3, SE 2-9, ti to begiuning. portion of
lot 10, block 33, West End Mai. 1 ; $450.
George H. Cafferaia to Guiseppe Arata, lots 46
and 47. block 524, Haley Purchase $10.
Elenor E. Jenkins to W. M. Klsom. lot on S line
of t-an Jose avenue. 70 E of Sherman avenue, E 30
by 8 125, Dei us poition of lots 4 and 5, block 5,
West hnd map 2: $10.
Julius and Alma Simmons and J. L. Franklin
(by Isaac Grant, commissioner) to Burnh E.
Munck, lot on N line of Twentieth street, 92:11 t:
of at any an, E 160 by N 100, being lots 38 to 43,
block lb, Clarendoh Heights: $300.
AI.AMKDA COUNTY.
Henry and Elise Campe to Chris Johnson, the 8
12 feet of lot 21 and the N 13 feet of lot 20 and all
of lots 6 and 7, block 106. and al. of lot 18. bio k
97. Sisterna Tract, Berkeley ; also lot be. inning at
the HE corner of lands of J. C. 6chmidt, thence sW
191:6 feet lv tenter Sacramento s.reet. thence
NW 782:4 to X line or Rose, thence NE 208, SK
837 :fl to beginning, subject to W 30 feet for street
purposes, Berkeley: $10.
D. A. Mott to W. h. Pease, lot on SW corner of
Eagle avenue and Si. « barles street, 8 37:6 by W
129:11, being the N 37:6 of lo s 15 aDd 18 and E
32 feet if lot 14, block X, Bartlett Tract, Ala
niedu; $10
Christopher and Henrietta Juhnson to Home
stead loan Association of Berkeley, lot on E line
of Seventh street 150 N of Addison. N6O by E
135, being lot 16, block 97, Tract B, Berkeley
Land and Town 1 mprovement A lon,
Berkeley" also lot on E „ of *«^^ h *«*
Slsterna Tract, Berkeley; *10.
Antonio Aguiro to Antonio Agniro Jr.. lot 6.
block 15. Hay wards Park Homestead Lnton, Eden
Eighth, N 25 by E 116, lot 9, block 650, Oakland.
* James Hambleton toE. Cscar Achs lot _od X line
of Sixth street, 150 E of Oak, E 25 Dy & .100 lot
11, block 132, map of Dillon property, Oakland.
7(J F.and Ellen Sinclair to Ella S. Od ell and
Jessie * Partridge, lot on 8 line of East rwe^ntj
lourth street,' 325 E of Twrntv-flrst avenue b,
15U by 8 140, lots 14 to 19, block 75 *■ •"In
to Brooklyn, quitclaim deed. East OaKland : $10.
- Andrew and Jane C. Jones to Walter V.Mont
fort, lots 2 and 3, bock X, Andrew Jones hui.di
vision of Brooklyn Township, Brooklyn lon
Bt nn?e E. and T. B. Draper to Euphemia Herika
lot on X line of Clement avenue, 1 SO X of « » low
street, E 80 by >" 130, b ing portion of blodt 18,
lands adjacent to Encinal, Alameda: » 10. _
Joseph A. Leonard i ompany to W. E. Brown,
lot on & line of Grand street, 150 N of wan An
tonio avenue, N 50 by E liia being lot 6, block G,
Oakland Park, Alameda; $10 ■ t .
Builders' Contracts.
Grace ormart with Hawkins A Lindsay, car
penter and stair work. etc.. »or a tour-story build
ing on s\V corner of Geary and Williams streets,
93600; contractors architects.
THE STOCK MARKET.
Mining stocks were dull yesterday at about the
same prices.
LVAi i> - A.~.iSS.
Follow! were the Bales in the Ban Francisco
Stock Board yesterday: ;
BIOULAB MORNING SESSION. COMMWCINO 9:30.
100 8«1cn«r.... 37,300 CC&V...2.11>i200 Mex.......47
800 BAB . 65 100 C P0int. ...37| 50 0ph1r...1.10
100 cnoir . »4 -00 36,200 Savage. ..60
250 .9b 100 U<t C 48|
AFTERNOON SESSION — 2 :30.
100 Andes 16100 C0nf1.... 1.20,200 8avag»....51
400 Choir. ..-..95 100 ......:. .1.20 300 Beg 8e1....12
150 Ch11nge...63 10J C >-oini_..3«lUo Stanrd.l.7o
450 CC&V...3.25 100 O <fcC 10J Um0u....44
3. a.lo| 60 H<bN._l.V!s 200 * J»CJ«..36
Following were the sales In the Paciflo Stock
Board yesterday: .,. '.;."■;
REGULAR SESSION— IO:3O.
300 Alma...- I*9oo CC*V... 2.101401 ODhlr.-.1.10
200 Alts 081200 2% 950 1%
250 Andes lt> 400 ..........2.10 SOU Ovrmu.-.io
600 ..i6i200 . 2.17W.60J Poioil... M 64
700 8e1cher. ..36 700 2.2UJ70J »»v»ge...49
600 BAB- 64 300 Exch<y...U6 800 bO
800 ... 6! 1600 U *0 ...4il 400 Scorpion. MA
300 I.. 66/00 ..4&300 SB&M...U
600........ 67 300 ....60 30J bJS'«v.«..4B
4Ul> 8u11t0u....0e 100 HAJN...1.20 SOO 50
800 Caleda.l3V a -'00 Mexican. .46 50 8tnrd...1.70
500 ChaU«e...s <SOO 47 300 Uni0n.. ..41
600 Ch011ar....»» 1200 ...... ....4fa SOO 42
60 Conn... 1.25 600 M 49 *0J U-»h 04
BUJ C P0int... 37 SOU 0cc1dt1....2U 850 X Ju*l ..-SB
AFTERNOON SESSION- 2: 30.
310 Altrt> 3 2900 i ha11«e...6 ; 400 Occd 20
200 Alt* 08 900 CCAV...2.25 1600 0ph1r..1.15
90J Andes.. ..l6'-'SO 2.22 V, 400 lVs
200 8e1cner...36!150 Conn... 1.21, 300 Ovrmn...
400 B & 8. ..-67 400 CrwnPt..37 »0J Potosl 56
200 6S3OOUAC 61 8)J fcava*e....sl
1900 69200 HAN1.22% 1100 Nev....50
600 . 70:00 Justice... o6 50 Sturd 1.67%
6UO £n11t0n....06 400 Kentck....Oo 3(JU Uni0n... ..4«
200Ca1eda....12 1300 Mexicanso 400 Utah 05
60 » Cuolr 941200 48 350 V jgiu,...36
200 ............96 .... ;; •'
iiOsl.Su QUOTATIONS.
■ FRIDAY. Jan. 29 -4p. m.
fir!. A »A tn. I ... . Silt. AttkrA.
Altai ...Z «7 08 Justice. - 06
Andes. M -16 16 Kemucfc ...... 03 06
Belcher ..... 36 37 i.»Uy Wash.... — (2
Best & Belcher . 68 70, Mexican....... 41* 50
Benton Con..- 17 — . Nevada Uaeea. — 04
bullion ....... 05 07 Occidental. .... 19 21
Caledonia, 11 13.Ophlr 1.10 1.20
Ch011ar ........ 95 96 Overman-. .... 14 15
Con.Cal<£Va,..2.2o 2.26 PotosL _ 66 66
Challencrd Coo. . 54 65 ravage. „ 61 52
Con. JmperUl. 01 bit: scorpion — OS 06
Confidence.... 1.20 1.25.>e-. Belcher... 11 12
ConNewYor< - UHi -liver Hill 01 12
Crown Point... 26 37 -ierra NevaX^ 49 50
EastSlerraMav — I*4 standard 1.66 —
•Eureka Co a... — 20 --ynuica;». .._ O'i 04
txcheauet .... — 06 UnlouCoa..... 44 44
t«uuia curry. SO 5* Utan 04 05
Auras. 1.20 I.'.' ieuuwj»jUfc 85 86
Jackson „. — 36
bkVVX. AM» BOND EXCHiNOS,
- FBI AY. Jan 29 2 P.M.
T"VJTM> BTAJCi» bo\«.
JCtrt.AsXea.l Bid. . AtkeJi.
CB4«coni>.lll - . U S4ireg...lO» 110%
Do new iasuel2l — . |, iV -
• " mscilu.NKoi^ HOXIW. *
CaT-stCbless.llO% - Oak Gas 65.. — 104-
Cal£lecL6.sl'^« — Lk> 2d is 65. . . 108 109
CntraC\Vss 93 96 omnibus Us.. 121 IS2
Dpnt-stex-cp — &714 P<&O Ry 6s. — 113
EdsnL&P6sl2B ; ISO P«ftCh Ky — 103
F&CHKK6S — 107 Pwl-st KR6»114 119
Gcarr-it X 100 — Keno, WUL — 10
H C<fcS 6 %s. 10 1 — !?acto Pit. - - 100
U)«AngL6j - 100 SF&NPRSi.. 99% 100 1^
Doiinteed 6s — 101 SPRKArIz6j — 94
M^stCble6sl22y 8 - s>PßKCalds.ll2 -
DoKyCOD 05.106 106«4 sPKKtaISs. - 100
NatVlnes Ist — 100 97 98%
NevCNgß7s.lO3 105 BVWater6s.ll9V« —
Cal (is. 101 - sV Water 4s. 100% —
Nltycalos. - 95 StktnG&Etfi — 101%
•W4TKB STOCKS
Contra Costa 34 36 |3prng Valley 67 97V4
MarlnCa...- — 62 | .
6AS AND ELECTRIC STOCKS.
Capital.. - 25 Pac t;as Imp 93V* 93%
Central 95 — Pacific Light 48% 49
Edison Llghll27i4 — SanFrancsco 99% 88%
MElecJUlght 9lfo 9%Stockton — W)
OalcQI.&H 64 64%
. INSCBASCI! STOCK*.
Flrenjan'sFdlßo 190 (Sun — —
COUMttBCIAL BANK fITOCKt.
Anglo-Ca1.... 60 — First Natlonl — 182%
Bank of Cat.. 2 Sß »40 LondonP&A. —
CalbD&TColo7S/4HO MerchEx.... la —
HAVINUS BANK STOCK*.
GerSALCo.. — 1460 SavALoan.. _.. 106
HumbS&li.llOO - Security... 241 -
Mutual 33 — Union Trust. 81 6 900
BFBav Cnlon — 480 ; .
STREET SAILBOAT! STOCK*.
California.... — HO OakSL&Hay — 100
Geary st - 60 Presidio .... 4% 6%
Matlcetritt.... 42% *- a
J-uWlif... STOCKS.
Atlantic D... 16 17 iGlant Con,... 33 32%
California.... 75 - VlgoriL 40c 1
Eastern D.... 76 — I . .
MISCRILAXKOnS STOCK*.
Alaska 1031/4^04 NatVlnCo.. _ P%
Ger Lead Co. SO lim ceanlcSSCo 26 28
HawC<fcSCoi. 17 PacAux F A - 4
Hutch SPOO 24% V4VilPacßoraxCa 9S —
MerExAssa.. — HO |ParfPalntCo - 7
BALES— UOBJUIH* »JtA»iJJi.
FOoM —
5 AiasKa Packers' Association 10S 62%
ICO Edison LlKht <fc Power Co. 127 26
145 Giant Powder Con 31 80
57 Market-st Kanwav 42 60
155 Mutual Mectric Light « 87%
15 ' «* Gaslight : £9 26
BO SV Water... - fc7 25
CIOOO 8 V 6% Bonds 119 fi2%
$10,000 do do 119 76
*2(J00 S F A N P Railway Bonds 100 00 '
(•ufpi —
600 Mutual Electric Light 9 87%
[ BAfcKa— ai-iibkuox aiaasio^.
T<oard—
135 Giant Powder Con , S2 60
20 do do 82 87%
25 do do.sS :....... 32 00
65 do 00 ....32 10
200 Mutual Klectric Light. 9 87%
25 Oceanic S 8 C0... 37 00
6 Pacific Gas Imp 92 26
$5000 Nevada Co N G R R Bonds 103 50
— — ,«_.•-■ . .
. Stupid Governor.
"What's the matter, chum?" asked the
colleee student of his roommate, who was
making the air a da.rk blue.
"Maiter? I wrote the governor to send
me some money for textbooßs and here
he's sent me the books. I can never pay
mv bills at this rate." — D r troit Free Press.
THE CALI, CALENDAR.
January, 1897.
W.
! _ray New Moon.
W Jan. 2.
m
9
3 First Qui
\J) Jan. 1'
11
| ■
I 15
I 16 j
Lpv Full Moon.
\<&/ Jan. 18.
©Last Quarter.
. Jan. 26.
I 29
hTKAJUJSKS TO Ai»KiVE.
I KROSC I I'tT".
■ICIIIU_I.I]... .
Columbia. ...;;.
Queen ;'.... -._.--
Walla Walla...
San J05e........
C0r0na. ;...;. .,
Crescent city...
Coos Bay .-_...;
Areata
Alliance
Mackinaw
Czarina...
Mexico
Tillamook
State of Cat....
rmatllla. .'.-.;..
Cleone .:.....-.
Eureka. ;...;..
City ol Peking..
Departure Bay
P0rt1and....... •
San Dieg0.. ..;;.....'
I Victoria A- Puget sound :
Panama......-...— ••••
Humbold. bay- .........
Crescent City -;.-.'
Newp0rt.: ... ...... ......
Coos Bay .......
Coos Bay
Tac0ma......... -
Coos Bay— •••
-an Diego...
Portland
Portland. ............ ...
Victoria A Puget Sound
San Pedr0................
Newport.
China and Japan..
.Jan :-0
..Jan 30
..Jan 30
..Jan 80
..Jan .80
.lan 31
..Feb 1
. . Fa l
..Feb 1
.Feb 2
..F-b 2
..Feb 8
..Feb 3
..Feb' 8
..t-eb 4
..Feb 4
..Feb • 4
..Feb 6
..Feb 0
OCI.A> STtAWIiKS.
r>nt»« »f nf>p»rtnre *mm Ran Fr«n«ln«in.
HTKA M KB 1 I UlfflT IXATION. |
HAILS-
. PIKR.
ure-a [
5een.......
iron a :
jlumbla. ..
rcata... j
_ellc I
}os Bay .. |
i Oregon ports..
Newport
San. Diego.....
j Humboldtßa.
Portland ......
coos Bay ....;
China A Japan
Newport...... |
raanina Bay.
Vie A Pgt Bno ':
Sydney... i
I Coos Bay
I Man Diego..... I
I Portland ...... I
Jan 30. 9am
Jan 30. 9am
Feb I.llam
Feb L 2pm
Feb 2.10 am
Feb 2.10 am
Feb 2. Ipm
Feb 3. Van
Feb 3, 9am
F.-b 4. Cam
Feb 4, 2PM.
i Feb 4,12 m
Feb 5.11 am
lFe> 7.10 am
Pier IS
Pier 11
Pier 11
Pier »
Pier 24
Pier 13
P MS 8
Pier 11
I Pier 'J
: Pier 9
' Pier 7
! Pier
! Pier 11
Pier 24
arallon....
alia Walla |
0n0wa1.... ;
carina I
exico.
ate or Cal. I
bliS, MOON Aiw HUE.
Unitkd status Coast and Okodptic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Lovt
Waters at Fokt Point, Estbavck to
Ban Francisco Bay. Published by Offi
cial Authority OF THK SUPERINTENDENT.
Note— The : high and low waters occur at tb«
City Front (Mission-street Wharf) about twenty
five minu ej later than at Fort Point; the height
of tide Is the same a: both places.
January — 18D7.
Saturday, Januar/ 30.
rtiv-i '■">
«P. . . . . 8 31
i iwra rises......
I Moon aat*.
Time Fe , t !Ti-ne _,_, Time _ et Time
gi L 44 I ; H \V| I'- W) i h ■
Feet
1
2
3.0 «40
3.0 9.42
J. W
4.4 4.25
4.6 17
4.6 6.08'
4.6 6.69:
4.6 7.47 1
576 4091 —10 11.25
6.6 4.511—1.0 I
H \v: L W
2.9 10.32 5.5 6.28
2.7 11.20 5.2 6.1 Hi
2.2 1 12.10 4.9 6.40
2.0 1.00 4.4 7.14
1.8 1 1.52 4.0 7.47
-0.7
— O 4
-0.1
0.8
! 1.8
Hot*— ln the aoove exposition of the tides th?
sarly morning tides are given tn the left hand
column, and the successive tides of the day in tha
order of occurrence a? to time. The second tim<»
column gives the second tide of -the day, tbe thlnt
time column the third tide, .and the last or rl^b;
hand column gives the last tide of the day, except
when there are but three tides, as sometime*
eccurs. The heights given are additions to tha
soundings on the United States Coast Survey
cbnrts. except when a minus sign (— ) precedes th«
height, and then the number given is subtractiva
from the depth s;lven by the charts.
KOTICIS TO JIAKWERS.
A branch of the United States Hydrographio
Office located in the Merchant!' Exchauce is
maintained in San Francisco for the benefit of
mariners without regard to nationality and free of
expense.
Navigators are cordially ' Invited to visit th
office, where complete sets of charts and sailing
directions of the world are kept on hanl tor com
parison and reference, and the latest information
can always be obtained regarding lights, dangers
to navigation and all matters of interest to ocsan
commerce.
. The time ball on top of the building on Tele
graph Hill Is hoisted about ten minutes before
noon, and Is dropped at noon. 120 th meridian, by
telegraphic signal - received each day from the
United States Naval Observatory a:. Mare Island.
Cat. .
A- notice stating whether the time ball was
dropped on time, or giving the error. If any, is
published the same day oy the afternoon papers,
and by the morning papers the following day.
W. a. HUBHM.
Lieutenant, U. B. N.. In charge.
The Time Ball.
r juxcs hyj>*o«bafhio Omen, rj. S. X.. 1
. Merchants' EICHAN-IJIJ " V
Pan Francisco. January 29, Wit. >
The time ball on TetegraDn Hill was aronosl
exactly m noon to-day— a., at noon of the 12Uta
meridian, or »*acUy mi a it. v.. Greenwich time.
W. S. Huqhb,
Li»ot»n»nt V. S. N.. in'-u»'2«.
BUlfJfl.Xi IM'tLUdUXE.
Arrive!.
FRIDAY, January 29.
Btmr Whitesboro, Johnson, 40 boars from
San Pedro; Dal ast. to LE White Lumber Co.
Htmr North Fort, Han sen. 38 hoars from .Eu
reka; pass and mdse, to Charles Nelson. i
Stmr Weeott, Miller, 22. hours from Albion;
200 M ft lumber to Albion Lumber Co.
Btmr Greenwood, Fa^eriunJ, 24 hours from
Greenwood: lumber, to L E White Lumber Co.
Stmr Scotia. Johnson, 18 hours from Fort
Bragg: 326 M ft lumber, to Onion Lumber Co.
Stmr Farallon, Roberts, 60 hours from Yaqnlna
Bay and way ports; pass ana mdse, to Meyer A
Akmann. ■■-• •■■.-
Br ship Burmah, Jones, 70 days frm Newcastle.
NSW; 2651 tons coal, to J D Spreckels <fe Bros Co,
Brig John D Spreckels, Christiansen. Mi/ 2 days
from>Mahukona; sugar, to John D Sprockets «6
Bros Co.
Scnr Alcalde, Sanders, 17 days from Port Blake
ley: lumber, to Benton, Holmes A Co.
6chr Nettie Low. Low. 6 hours from Pot a;
Beyes: 40 bxs butter, to J H Newbauer A Co.
Cleared.
FRIDAY. January 39.
' Btmr Eureka, Parsons, San Pedro; Goodall. Par.
kins A Co. . ■ •.- ■.•- :.: - s ■■ •_■■■ .••,■-.>..:- -
Stmr Alice Blanchard, Hughes, Portland NFS
8 Co.
isr ship Queen of England. Shaw, Queens town;
G W Mo Near. <
Haw bark Diamond Head, Ward, Port Town*
end; Benton, Holmes & Co.
Sailed.
• FRIDAT, January 29.
Stmr City of Puebla, Ucbney, Victoria and Port
Townsend. • - •
j Stmr Czarina. Seaman, Coos Bay.
Stmr Willamette. Holmes, Seattle,
i-tmr Gipsy, Iceland. Santa Urn
Stmr Albion. Lundquist, southern ports,
. Stmr Alcatraz. Carlson.
Stmr Empire, Reed, Coos Bay.
Stmr Santa Cruz. Nlcolson, Port Harford.
Telegraphic.
POTNT LOBOS. Jan. 29— 111 p. v.— Weather
cloudy: wind W; velocity 18 miles.
Charters.
Th« shin W F Babcock load* sugar at Honolulu
for New York; bark Wllna. coal at Nanalmo for -
this. port; schr John D Tallant, lumber at Fort
Gamble for Honolulu.
' Spoken.
Per Whitesboro— Jan 28 at noon Off Judrat
Blances schr J Kppinger with 221 sealskins. ' -
Jan 21— Lat 47 . N. long 25 W, ital ship FS
Ciampa, hence sept 7, for Queenstown.
X>i>inn«tto Porsi.
' SE ATT LH— Sailed Jan 29— Br stm Agapanthus.
TATOOSH— Passed Jan 28— Nor stmr Peter Jeb
sen. from 1 ort Los Angeles, for Naualmo; baric
Fresno, hence Jan 17, for Port Gamble.
EUREKA— Arrived Jan 29— scnr Bertha Dol
beer, from Newport.
Sailed Jan 29— stmr National City, for San
Francisco.
COOS BAY— Arrived Jan 29— Stmr Arcata, hca
Jan 27.
EUREKA— Arrived Jan 29— Stmr Corona, hnco
| Jan 28; stmr Lakme, hence Jan 27.
ballad Jan 29— Stmr south Coast, tor San Fran
cisco. :
j| TACOMA— Arrived Jan 28-Bark Levi G Bur
gess, hence Jan 20.
FORT BRAUG-Arrived Jan 29— Stmr Noyo,
hence Jan as. -
sailed Jan 29— Stmr Scotia, for San Francisco.
NEWPORT— sailed Jan 29— schr Wm Benton,
for Puiibi Sound.
SOUTH BEND— Sailed Jan 29-Schr Gold*, tor
San Francisco.
PORT TOWNSEND- Arrived Jan 26-Brshlp
Marlborough Hill, from Victoria.
Foreign .Forts.
HULL-Sat;ed Jan 27— Br ship The Hahnemann
for San Francisco. _  _, .
LIVERPOOL-Sailed Jan 27— Br ship Celtlo
Monarc>i, for oan Francisco. '
MONTEVIDEO— Jan 6— Br stmr Wen»
■'a^TA^^UA^JS^SS 28-Ger bar*
Jan 28-Br ship Ley.and \
B p°LY 9 Mbn e rH-Vr g r| 2 v S ed Jan 28-Ger ship Colum- I
* U SuEo^'SSSI Dec 5-Nor bark Hartha,'^
fr cOLON-"rrtved S 28-Stmr Valencia, from
N y'okohaMA— Jan 28-Br stmr Doric.for
Sa HONG°KONG— Arrived Jan 28— Br stmr B-lglc,
hence Dec 29. .
Movements of Trans- Atlantic St»t'n«>ri-
NEW YORK— Arrived Jan 29— Stmr Trave, fm
Bremen and Southampton: stmr Mobile, from
London: stmr Munchen, from Bremen.
ROTTERDAM— Arrived out Jan 29— Stmr Am-
BREMEN— SaiIed Jan '29-Stmr Palatla, for
BREMEN— Sailed Jan 29— Stmr Palatla, for
New York.
MOVILLE— SaiIed Jan 29-Stmr Furnessla, for
»w York.
LONDON— Sailed Jan 29-3tmr Manitoba, for
New Ynric.
LlZAßD— Passed Jan 29— stmr Dresden, from
New York, for Bremen.
Importations. .
MAHUKONA-Per John D Bpreckels-05O8b«
KCREKA-Per North Fork-36 pkgs mdse, 16
sks cluestock. 3 sks tails, la pkgs turnlture, 10 cs
baking powder. 15 bdls hides, 2 coops chickens. 4
!cs groceries, 90 Mft lumber, 277 M shingles, 44
M shakes. • " ' l
Y AQUJNA BAY— Per Farallon-236 tons stone,
4144 qr-sks 1162 hf-sks 589 bales flour, 7 cords
stavebjlts, 250 s<s outs, 13 coops poultry. «4 pk«
chairs, 18 coop* poultry, 6 coops chicken*, •£ cols
salmon, 250 s<s oats. 16 cs eggs, 29 sks oysters,. 1
cs chimneys. 1 c* furs.
Eureka— 3 bxs plants, 1 lot junk, 4cs eggs. 66
bbls tallow, 1 ux books. 1 ex li ■» ■ >■ •
: Coos Bay- 6 bxs cheese, 16» sks potatoes, 4 plcgs
express. .
Consisnee*.
Per J D Spreckels— Williams, Dlmond 4 Co;
Welch * Ca
Per North Fork- A 8 Perry & Co: California
Gloe Works; Arctic OH Work«; Carroll roll:
Henck-u & .Schroder: Cured Hair Co; J H C un
met: L T usilK * Co: S H Frank & Co; Labor Bx
cbanue; Tlllmann* BfDdel; Wieland Brewing Co- \
W B Sumner & Co: Cha» Nelson; W C Price & Co; I
Price KaWine Powder 10. ■ . .'A
P-r Farallon— Wells, Fargo & Co: W C Ramsey
McDonough & Runyon : Marshall, Tegirart &Co• j '
McMillan; Thomas Louchran; Chas Hariey &Co-
Stanaard Oil Co: Cunningham, Curtiss Welch: H
Levi *, Co: Buss. Sanders it ut>; Morgan Oyster Co;
J HNewbauer<t Co; Moore, Ferguson <t Co- Cai
Chemical Worics: APaladini: C X Whitney <t Co-
Russ. Early Co: L»oor Kxchin«e; J p Thomas'
W C Price <k Co: Miller, Sless dfcScott; McPbe* A
Co: Anapacher Bros: C J Lelst <& Co; Pacific W W
and C Co: Allen A Lewis; Jonas Erlanger A Co; i
DMcGilvray.C Jacobson Co; Pacific Commie
cial Co. > .. . ,  : r . .GEORGE PHELPS
NOW A MINISTER
His Marriage to the Daugh
ter of a Wealthy Ukiah
Official.
Four Years Ago He Terrified
Old Realty Dealers in
Berkeley.
Started in Life a- :i Shooting-GaHery
Proprietor, and Lost a Fortune
in Opera.
Oakland Office Sax Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway. Jan. 29. )
The thousands of people on this side the
bay who knew GeorKe W. Phelps, the real
estate man of Berkeley, five years ago
were surprised to-day to learn that he is
now a regularly ordained minister and was
married yesterday in Uuiati to the daugh
ter of W. D. White, a capitalist and Trus
tee of that city.
Rev. George W. Phelps has had a more
eventful history than usually falls to the
lot of a young nian even in California.
f: ked by wonderful aggressiveness and
ek, he has entered into many specala
ns, but one after- the other they have
en to the ground. Many years ago
jlps was proprietor of a shooting-gal
lery at Sacramento, and while there he
was taken up by the Salvation Army, and
for a time was an earnest exhorter in their
ranks. Not long afterward he met and
married a charming young lady of Colusa
named Cristie Willis, who was at that
time one of the foremost army officers.
She is well remembered nt Salem, Or., as
the officer w&o could do more witti the
Webfoot Legislature than auy other evan
gelist that ever went to that city.
The Se;iator3 and Assemblymen used to
consider it an honor to furnish tne army
quarters with all the luxuries that moiey
could buy, and her audiences were of the
most respectable nature. To such a de
gree was she idolized by trie people of
Salem, that it became necessary for the
good of the work to remove her as instead
of her life being the one of sacrifice such
as is typical of army hfe, it was one of
luxury. It was soon aftefc leaving Salem
that she married George Phelps.
After his marriage Phelps came to
Berkeley and for a time did an immense
real estate business and was looked upon
as one of the most formidable competitors
to the old-time business men. He became
moderately rich and real estate at that
lime being on the rise, Phelps was con
sidered a lucky man. In an evil moment
he was pursuaded to purchase the right of
an operetta known as "Eileen" and went
to Chicago to organize a company.
His marked ability in selling real estate
did not appiy with equal results to pre
senting operas, and Phelps returned to
California a wiser and much less wealthier
man.
He then commenced the study of the
ology and ior a time was a diligent stu
dent". But the early death of his young
wife upset all his plans, and for a long
t;me Phelps had not been heard of in this
county.
About two years a-go he succeeded in
.ng a very creditable law examination
MiSS JESSIE COLEMAN, the Next Society Bride to Bz Led to
the Altar. She Is to Wed Harry J. Knowles*
before the Supreme Court and opened a'
law office in Ban Francisco. But the old
religious convictions again overcame him
and he returned to the seminary at San
Anselmo.
For some time past he has been officiat
ing as pastor at iJkiah, and is now a reg
ularly ordained minister, and declares I
that he has settled down ior life.
His marriage to Miss White, who is a
daughter of the wealthy lumberman of
that city, is a great surprise, as it was not
known that he had been ordained or that
he was intending to. marry again.
TEACHERS RESENT IT.
The Special* Professor's Subscription Is
, Regarded by Many as an
o .".', Imposition.'-
OAKLAND, Cal., Jan. 29.— The teach
ers in the public schools do not admit the
absolute correctness of the Superintend
ent's statement published yesterday re
garding the payment of $10 per head to
an Eastern professor io teach a special
„ branch to the teachers. In an interview
one of the teachers who refused to tafce
the course said it was considered a slur on
the capabilities of the teachers to have to
p»y $100 a month for a small amount of
soientihc instruction, when they them
selves receive only $70 to $80 per month
for eiving their whole time.
vWe aTe certainly old enough and
sensible enough," said the teacher, "not
to be put before the public as if we
were Btill in leading strings. We claim
that our time is our own and we are at
liberty to select our own teachers, our
Children Cry for Pitcher's Castoria.
j own texts and to pay just what we please
j for any instruction that may be necessary.
' The Superintenden t may talk as he pleases
about not havine anything to do with the
matter, but it is certainly strange that the
only information we received concerning
the date of the lectures comes direct from
his office, signed by his hand and stating
that it would be 'a good tbing for the
teachers to attend."
As a municipal election is approaching
and the Board of feci.ool Directors will
have to elect a Superintendent of Schools
it is more than probable that the present
dissatisfaction expressed by many of the
teachers has a political significance.
END OF DEUX TEMPS.
To Disband Becaune Its Youthful Mem-
tiers Cannot Keep Young.
OAKLAND, Cal., Jan. 29.— 0n the even
ing ol February 16 the famous Deux Temps
Club will cease to exist. This fashionable
dancing organization has existed Tor four
seasons and has been prolific of many in
teresting stories. At one time it was in
danger ot disruption because sorre young
men did not wp.ir patent-leather shoes
and the black n» from their clumsy bro
gana soiied the dresses ot the young ladies
during the poetic measure of the valse.
Mmea. J. E. McElrath, Prentice Selby,
John Wrignt, Knight, Liliencranz, Crellin
and Moore, who are the patronesses of the
Deux Temps, held a meeting last Monday
and decided to disband the organization
after the next dance, which will be held
two week? from next Tuesday.
The club has had a moderately success
ful career, but the memDers who have
graduated from it into tne Wednesday
Night Cotillon, have not been succeeded
by otbeis, and to a great extent the
club has grown itselt out of existence.
The Deux Temps was for young ladies
of society who were not old enough
to attend the Wednesday Night Cotillon
and were too for advanced in the social
sphere to attend the Fortnightly, so Mrs.
Requa and afew other ladies established
the Deux Temps Club. It was successful
so long as the original membershiplasted,
but as the young ladies could not remain
stationary in regard to age as the years
passed by, tne closing of the club was a
foregone conclusion.
SOCIETY'S NEXT WEDDING.
The Knowles-Coleman Nuptials
Will Be a Brilliant Event
of spring.
Both Are Social Leaders and Very
. Popular in the Jackson-
Street Set.
Oakland Office San Fbancisco Call,)
9US Broadway, Jan. 29. )
Society is looking forward to the mar
riage of Miss Jessie Coleman and Harry
J. Knowles, who have long been consid
ered social leaders on tnis side of the bay.
The engagement has been announced, and
the wedding is to take place in the spring.
It will undoubtedly be a very brilliant af
fair, as both families are long residents of
this city, have hosts of friends and have
unbounded wealth.
For several months the wedding has
been expected, and society expects it« de
sire to attend a gorgeous ceremony to be
gratified in March.
Miss Jessie Coleman is very popular in
Oakland society. She was the only daugh
.ter of tde late Jotin W. Coleman, and was
a very successful graduate of Mills Sem
inary- a year or two ago. Since that time
she has taken a leading part in social
functions, and has been one of the most
prominent members of the Bachelors'
and Benedicts' Cotillon Club. The death
of her father a little more than a year ago
and the consequent mourning prevented
the marriage taking place earlier.
Mr. Coleman left a large estate, includ
ing several ranches and valuable stock to
corporations. He was president of the
Oakland Gas Light and Heat Company
and vice-president of the Oakland Street
Railway Company and the San Francisco
and San Joaquiu Coal Company.
The Coleman family resilience, at Eighth
and Brush streets, is one of the finest in
the City and has been the scene of some
very memorable entertainments.
Harry J. Knowles is the son of the late
Captain J. N. Knowles. who died last
June. The family reside at Fifteenth and
Jackson str ets, and Mr. Knowles is cashier
of the Pacific Steam Whaling Company.
For a long time he was captain of the
Columbia Rowing Club, which is com
posed mostly of Oakland's wealthy young
men. He is the eldest son of a large fam
ily. Mrs. Harry Gordon, Mrs. Harvey
Adams and Miss Mattie Knowles, all well
known in local society, are his sisters.'
»—*—«
Still After Twombley'a Estate.
OAKLAND, Cal., Jan. Josephine
Powell made another attempt to-day to
open the estate of Martha A. Twombley,
the old colored woman who died in 1879,
leaving a will in which she bequeathed
her property to Charles A. Twombley, her
husband. Mrs. Powell in her new peti
tion-sets up that the marriage was void,
being contrary to the law which prohibits
miscegenation. She further alleges that
she is the niece of the old colored woman,
and at the time of the probate of the will
she did not get the notice whicn an heir
is entitled to.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JANUARY 30, 1897.
TAXPAYERS NAME
THEIR TICKET
'John L. Davie Indorsed for
Mayor to Succeed
Himself.
The. Convention Makes All " Its
Indorsements in the Space of
Thirty Minutes.
There Was N) P atform, No Rollcail
and Only One Report From f'
Committees.
. Oakland Office San Francisco Call)
908 Broadway, Jaiw 29. - )
TAXPAYERS' TICKET.
For Mayor— John L. Davie (lud.). '
For Auditor— R. W. Snow (R.).
For Treasurer— Z. T. Gilpin (K.).
For City Engineer— R. M. Clement (D.).
For City Attorney— Thomas ,F. Gar
rlty (D.).
For Councilman— First Ward, J. Col
burn; Second Ward. F. R. Girard; Third
Ward, G. XV. Upton; Fourth "Ward, R
J. Boyer; Fifth Ward, A. Fibush; Sixth
Ward, K. A. Stanley; Seventh Ward, H.
H. Colby.
For Councilman at Large — William
Prlngle, W. I>. Ifeitman, G. C. Earl, J.
M. Bassett.
For School Directors — First Ward, C.
H. Kedington; Second Ward, no choice;
Third Ward,- J. H. Todd; Fourth Ward,
C. W. Logan; Fifth Ward, Eli Matthews;
Sixth Ward.no choice; Seventh Ward,
Dr. J. Wilcox.
i For. School Directors at Large — Dr.
Mary Knot, George F. llatton, J. A.
Britton, J. W. Evans.
For Library Trustees— J. B. Young,
Dr. J. Shannon, M. H. Egar, C. W.
Armes.
The Taxpayers 1 convention was called to
order to-night by Chairman J. B. Lame,
John L» Davie, Independent Can
didate for Mayor, Who Was
Indorsed by the Taxpayers'
Convention Last Night.
and in exactly half an hour it completed
its labors. The convention was in session
forty-five minutes, fifteen of which were
consumed ill recess. 1
The formality of calling the roll was
dispensed with, and the chairman an
nounced that the committee of seven
which was commissioned to go last night
to "do the best it could with the Demo
cratic convention" had a report to offer.
The secretary read it:
Report of the committee of seven appointed
to conler with the Democratic convention:
No conference was wanted from appearances.
The committee.
The chairman announced that no nom
inations would be made, but that the con
vention would indorse candidates from
other tickets. In a neat little speech, in
which he referred to his nominee's anti
railroad and water front record, F. C.
Joslin nominated John L. Davie.
There were several seconds, and the
nomination was unanimous.
Colonel "Billy" Moore nominated R.
M. Clement for City Engineer. The in
cumbent superintended the building of
the Grove-street road to Berkeley.
F. C. Joslin named T. b\ Garrity for
City Attorney, and Billy seconded him as
"A man equal in handsome looks to the
Mayor and the nominee for engineer, and
as talented as handsome."
J. H. Parker placed in nomination for
Auditor It. W. Bnow, the incumbent. All
the nominations were made unanimous.
The various ward delegations then met
and made their choice as indicated by the
ticket at the head of the column.
Chairman Lame was empowered to
name a committee of three from each
ward next week to act as a city central
committee and to attend to the details of
the election.
There was no platform and the ordi
nary committees were dispensed with.
The chairman stated t :i at the purpose of
the convention was to merely indorse men
in wbom they felt the greatest confidence.
FIGHT OVER A PASTOR.
Two Petitions Beng Circulated
in Centenary Presbyterian
Church.
Rev. Dr. Ellis Is Accptab c to Many
and I. Opposed by 0 hers Who
Are Powerful.
Oakland Office Saw Francisco Call.)
908 Broadway, Jan. 29. j
The trouble at the Centenary Presby
terian Church will reach a crisis next
Monday evening, when a meeting will be
held of all those interested.
During the past few days two petitions
have been circulated, one favorable to the
pastor and one opposing him.
The leading spirit of the opposition is
Mr. Prosstr, one of the elders, and it was
stated to-night that his petition for a
chanse of pastors contained the names of
F. S. Hastings, A. K. Dorn and F. H.
Cruff, all of whom are elders of the
church. In addition to this a large por
tion of the Christian Endeavor Society
would like another pastor.
On the other hand, a large number of
the congregation are satisfied with Rev.
Dr. Ellis and would like him to be in
stalled as permanent pasior. Miss Brady
is earnestly working in bis behalf and she
iB supported by Mr. Charles, Mrs. Childs
and Deputy Auditor Hinsdale.
There will be a session of Uio presbytery
held next Monday and the rival petitions
will be presented.
"Nobody seems to know just what is
the matter at our church, " said an old
member to-night "Dr. Ellis seems to be
acceptable to the majority, but there is a
dissatisfied element, and they are some of
the most powerful members of the church.
There may be some little objections to
Mr. Ellis, but tney could ea-ily be
straightened out if everything were above
board. As it is, the standing of the
church is being gradually whispered to
death."
At the last meeting of the presbytery
Dr. Ellis was to have been installed for
mally, but a special committee reported
in favor of a postponement, and there
was a long discussion, but eventually the
installation was deferred. It will be
settled next week.
NOTHING BUT POLITICS.
Much Curiosity as to the Course of the
Municipil Lengun.
OAKLAND, Cal.. Jan. 29.— Every
branch of the city government is now sub
ordinated to politics. The usual board
meetings are being held and the officials
are performing their daily routine duties
in a perfunctory manner, j ut the prevail
ing idea at the City Hall is the election in
the first week in -March which shull deter
mine their fates for another two years.
The statement was made to-day that
there may not be any political indorse
ments made by the A. P. A., but the ad
visory board nas not yet issued an ulti
matum on the subject. There is some
opposition to the organization to talcing
part actively in the campaign. The
greater portion of the Republican ticket is
said to be entirely satisfactory to the
A. P. A., and although a meeting may be
called to discuss the matter there will
probably be no convention such as was
held prior to other elections during the
past four years.
Captain W. R. Thomas, the Republican
nominee for Mayor, is seriously ill at his
home, and with several members of his
family is suffering from grippe. The
Army and Navy Republican League is
doing all in its power to carry on his cam
paign, but he is certainly not gaining any
thing by his enforced absence from the
field, as his opponents are working very
actively. The Municipal League will hold
a convention next Monday night, which
will be one of policy rather than politics.
In former years the Municipal League has
been considered as the allied strength of
the A. P. A. and the political element led
by Dr. George Pardee. This year Dr. Par
dee took a prominent part in the regular
Republican convention, and with his
friends will undoubtedly support it The
A. P. A. is not particularly anxious to
take an active part, and consequently the
niche left for the Municipal League to fill
is not a large one and cannot cut an im
portant figure in the camr'aign.
BORN OF SONG AND STORY
The "Carnival of Authors"
Opened With Great
v uccess.
One Hundred and Twenty Cbaractcrs
From Famous Works Partici-
pats in 5h G.aad March
OAKLAND, Cal., Jan. 29.— The Carni
val of Authors opened to-night at Reed
Hall, which was packed from stage to
foyer. The grand march consisted of the
whole 120 characters who posed <in the
scenes from the various authors. The fol
lowing was the order of march:
Shakespeare— Ben J. Smith; Fal&taff, Roy
Mauvais; Jesier (King Leur), Ed Renshaw.
Romeo and Juliet — Romeo, Mrs. A. \V. Coiling;'
Juliet. Miss Miner. Merchant of Venice—Shy
lock, M. C. Rice; Bassanlo, Fred Winchester;
Gratiana, Georee Gaire ; Lorenzo, Guy Lilten
cranz; Portia, Miss Gertrude Campbell; Ne
ri*»a, Miss N. Collins; Jessica, Miss Channel.
"As You Like It"— Duke iii exile, John
Howell; Orlando, Mr. Allen; Touchstone. P.
.Tacksou; Rosalind, Miss J. Bush; Phoebe, Miss
Winifred Warner; Ceiia, Miss Shearer; Au
drey, Miss G. WiLlard.
"Julius ' sesar"— Julius Csesar, GeorgeEvans;
Cassiu^ Dr. Allen; Cloopatra. Miss Phoebe
Smith; ladies, N'lss Burreli, Miss L. Moore;
pHgos, Joe Kendall, Ralph Smith. ■
"Othello" -Othello, Fred Lewis; Desdemona,
Miss Ida Bradbury; lago, L. B. Tichenor.
"Hamlei"— Hamlet, A. Wilkes; Ophelia, Miss
A. Dunipnn.
■'Macbetii"— Macbeth, George Lackie; Mac
duff, Dr. Likens; Lady Macbeth, Mi's Mabel
Channel ; Lady Mncduff, MiR3 L. Redingtou;
witches, Misses E., F. and G. La Jeucesse.
Washington Irving— Old Rip Van Winkle, R.
P. Gleason; Young Rip Van Winkle, George
Winchester; Rip's daughter, Mrs. R. P. Gietv
son; Jonathan Doolittle, the innkeeper,
George S. Meredith; Brom Bones, Wallace E.
Hyde; Ichabod Crane, J. Nielsen; Katriua
N. W. Lcitch as "Rob Roy " in
the Authors' Carnival at
Oakland.
Van Tassel, Mrs. G. S. Meredith; Baltus Van
Tassel, E. A. Kluezel; Dutch gtrls— Miss E.
Dyer. Miss II- Dyer, Mrs. E. S. Gray, Mrs. E. A.
Kniejcel; H^ndrick Hudson's men, Oscar
bchlestngT and Ray Keith.
Dumas— King Louis XIII, Dr. Noblo; Queen
Ann of Austria, Miss Denison; Richelieu, F.
Winter; D'Artagnan, Walter C. Wilcox; Athoa,
Charles Wiedersheim; Porthos, Mr. Welle;
Lady De Winter. Mrs. Cora Koscialowski;
Constance, Miss Remillard; c urn ladies. Miss
Wurner, Mi«s Amerman; courtier, A. Brand.
Dickens— Old Curiosity Shov— Dirk Swiviller,
H. Mahr; the Marchioness, Miss P. Nyse; Mr.
Quilp, Fred Evans; Mrs. Quilp, Mibs Sohst.
Pickwick Papers— Pickwick. Mr. Richardson;
Sam Weller, Al Pratt; Mrs. Bardell, Mrs.
Courtnin; Mrs. Sanders, Mri. A. G. Davis; Mrs.
Cluppins, Mrs. Bacheldir.
David Copperfield— David, Ray Howell;
Eetsy Trotwood, Mrs. Fred Barnes; Dora, Misa
L Perrie; Agnes. Miss M. Bo wcher; Peggotty,
Mrs. Bowcher. Oliver Twist— Oliver Twist,
L. Roberts; Nancy Sikes, Miss Blanche
Perkins: Bill Sikes, Mr. Andrews; Fagan, A. G.
Davis: Dodger, L. Bennison ; Doll/ Varden,
Miss Pope.
The affair was a marked success and
Goethe, Schiller, Scott and Dn Maurier
will be represented Saturday evening.
CASPAR OUTRUN
BY GREYHURST
Tommy Griffin's Youngster
Is a Rollicking
Mudlark.
Geyser Started an Odds ■On
Favorite and Won as He
Pleased.
Marionette Finished in Front and So
Did Whittstone— Collins Out
footed His Company.
iSix of the fastest three-year-olds in
training on the coast started in a six and
a half furlong sprint at Ingleside yester
day and through some clever jockeying
Caspar, the even-money favorite, was
beaten ont a length at the end. Zamar 11,
the second choice, apparently in as a
helper only, made Caspar hustle for about
tnree furlongs, when, having performed
his task, he began falling back and Grey
hurst took bold of the favorite. The St.
Andrew colt hung on gamely, but was
finally compelled to acknowledge defeat
by a length in the fast time of 1:23%.
Good Times took the show from Zamar 11.
Mud again proved quite a serious factor
in working the downfall of the favorites,
but two managing to get to the wire first
The rain held aloof and the usual crowd
was in attendance.
Twelve platers, devoid of any great
amount of class, lined up at the webbing
in the opening five-furlong scramble. Imp.
Friar was a slight favorite over Marionette,
but in a drive was beaten out nearly a
length by that mare, with Rejecte.l finish
ing in the show.
The five-furlong spin following was a
second edition oi the opening event, with
field of fiiteen facing the barrier. Baron,
owned by Billy Magrane, was quickly
played down from fours to 13 to 5 and
finished next to last. In a mild drive
Whitestone passed the wire a length ahead
of Pecksniff. Tiie winner went to the post
at odds of 5 to 1.
Starting an even-money chance, Collins
experienced little difficulty in defeating
his lieui in a mile and a furJong, winning
aa he pleased from Charles A, which went
to the po9t at odds of 12 to 1. Fortune,
the second choice, ran into the show.
The 7 to 5 favorite, Loulou R, was left
at the post in the fourth event, a seven
furlong run. She acted very badly, and
when the barrier flew up refused to break.
Basquil led until well into the stretch,
when he was challenged by Personne and
in a hard drive beaten a nose. Show
honors went to Draught.
The promising youngster Geyser
started a ,2 to 5 cboice over the other
starters in the seven-furlong affair that
came next. The Sinner opened up a big
gap at the outset, but. began tiring before
the stretch was reached, and was passed
by both the favorite and George Palmer,
the former winning with the utmost ease.
TARPEY STAKE TO-DAY.
A Grand Field Will Face the Starter
at Ingleslde.
The Tarpey selling state over a mile
and a furlong is the feature of the card
this afternoon. Or the original seventy
three entries ten are announced as likely
to start, and they are a select lot. Argen
tina, which lowered the colors of Bright
Phoebus on Thursday, Pat Dunne's good
horse Captive, St. Lee, Schiller and others,
all with light weights up, furnish a rare
guessing proposition, and there is not
likely to be a top-heavy favorite in the
betting. The winner will pluck from the
wire a silken ba^ containing $1000.
After finishing second in the opening
five-furlong dash little Brown was unable
to pull imp. Friar up, and he made an
other circle of the track.
On her way to the post Marionette tried
THE "CALL" RACING GUIDE.
PACIFIC COAST JOCKEY CLUB. Ineleside Racetrack. Friday, January 29. Forty
fourth day of the Winter Meeting, 1896-97. Weather Showery. Track Sloppy.
ALi A FIHBT BACE—
J; purse 4350.
421
205
282
218
816
461
869
Marionette, 4 106
Imp. Friar, 6 110
Rejected. 4. 103
Cioverdaie, 4 103
Juan Bernard, 5.107
RosleP, a 105
Dlnero, a. 107
Examiner. 6. .....107
Yucatan 11. 4.. 101
Equity, 6 105
Kapldo, 6 107
] Let Me see, 4 ... 101
Horse, age, weight.
St.
6
4
2
6
8
11
1
3
7
9
10
12
V- _Vk_
________
111/
38
2 1V
44
12
92
8%
6h
•• 7%
101.
114
6 1
1 a
2%
34
46
12
8%
I*
9%
11
51
1 1
21
32
46
12
5 1%
8 1
U 7%
7 V,
10 1
91
6 1
1 1
2%
3%
4 10
63
6%
7 Va
8%
10 J 4
11 10
12
Thorpe
H. Brown
Clawson
T. Sloan
W. Woods
Spencer
Sliepard
Ames
Reidy....
McDonald.....:.
O. Wilson.
Thompson
Jockey.
5-2
2
10
7
20
10
30
10
15
15
10
20
3
6-2
8
7
100
8
100
15
20
40
30
30
"'433'
379
Good start. Won driving. Winner, E. H. Forst's eh. f., by imp. Marlner-Marlnette.
Time, 1:08.
Af*£. .BECOND Five-eighths or
Index.
838
422
866
"*43 l'
461
283
Whitestone, a.... 110
Pecksniff, 6...;..110
Brametla, 5 101
Benham, 4 110
Isabel. 4 :..:.101
Carrie TJ, 4 101
Ruthledge, 4 103
BH. a ......107
Eventide, 4..... 101
Greenback Jr, 5 .107
Detective, 6 107
Geronimo. 4 .103
imp. Green, a....110
Baron, a ........ .110
I Decorate, 4 105
Horse, age, weight.
2
4
. 1
5
7
6
8
12
18
9
3
11
10
14
15
St.
_____
, 41
22
6%
: 6 1
,8 1%
10 Va
7h
8%
13
10 3
1 1 *
12
15
14
9 %
3 i
Fin.
1 Vi
22
3 2
IV*
5%
6%
7 4
8 2
9%
10 9
11 10
12 10
13 10
14 10
15
Thorpe ....:....
M. Bergen
Slaughter
shaw
1'raw1ey... ......
Barrlnter
McDonald
Keldy
Spencer.
Ames
Shepard
11. Brown
Snider
W. Martin
G. Wilson
" 3 .-; . . 5
v 6,'.^8
6 , 7
6 . 12
12 6
10 15
15 40
100 . 100
.30 60
60 50
12; ,15
30 100
30 100
! 4 13-5
■ 10 100
429
410
450
I
.......:
start. Won driving.
White A
b. h.. bi- Macduff- Becky Sharp. . Time,
a Rr-i THIUD K-t-'E— One and an eight!
Index.
(439)
(420)
(378)
451
461
362
461
Collins. 5 -103
Charles A, a 103
Fortune, 6 101
Marcel, 6.:... 95
Japonlca, 4 88
Tom clmore, 6... 95
Joe X,4 ......;.;., *3
Horse, age, weight.
1
4
2
3
5
6
7
2 li
3h
1 1
42
7
V 4 Va
____ ____.
lh 12
4h 3 2
21 2 2
3b 45.
6h 63
7- . ■ 7 =
55 ■ 5 2
'/a Str. '
1h 1 h
21 2 3
32 32
410 415
5 3 52
610 610
7 . 7 •
Fin. ' ' Jockey.
1 1% T.510an..... „
2 6 spencer
3% Jones
4 20 I Thompson
f>J3 - IClawso'i..-
.0 Slaughter
7 Reidy...'...........
5-5'
6
2
16
8
20
50
• 1
12
2
20
8
40
100
I «
5 h
a ii
Good start. Won easily. Winner, K. Games' br. g., by Inspector B-Plazza. Time, 2
Af*q FOURTH KA'
a mile; three-year-olds and a.; purse $350.
Horse, age, weight,
%
str.
456
427
451
43"'
439
451
451
456
Personne, 8... 104
Basqull, 8 . .96
Draught, 3... 92
Frank Jau bert, 4.111
Palmerston, 4.. ..114
Popinjay, 3....... 114
Examiner. 5. .....107
Lou Lou B, 3 87
4
1
a
6
7
5
2h
I'%
41
6%
7
6 10
31
2%
1 h
3%
5h
7
4 h
6 10
2 >
lh
3%
• 46
7
52
.61'
2 4
'„%
3h
4 16
53
63
7
Ins
25
34
44
5 15
64
7
T. McHugn.....
'Slaughter
I Clawson
J. Shields.......
Riley..
McDonald ......
Ame5...... .....
Thompson......
4
4
10
5
20
100
100
6-5
: 6
6
16
""• 4
40
200
200
7-5
Poor start. Won driving. ;
Winner, L. Ezell's b. c., by Leonatus-Coutr.es » Glsela.' Time, 1:34%.
468. FIFTH
a mile;
I; purse $350.'
Horse, age, weight.
' Str.
447 G'yser, a:. ....'..' 104 -, 2
406 George Palmer, 8. 96 3
(450) The Sinner. a..".'." 96 5
(440) Minnie Ccc, a.. ..112 1
452 I Mahogany, 6. 114 4
24
4 h
18
.14
6
2 15
5
14
4V».
3% ■
220
3 V.
1 h
41
5
1%
2 10
310
44
6
'14
28
3 10
*415
5
T. 510 an..:;..;..'
Slaughter.....:.
J0ne5.'..........
1-2 .
8 .
: ■' 3 ' "
I 12
100 .
2-5
25
3
40
800
Thorpe
5han............
Good star-
Won easily.
Winner. E. Corrigan's b. c by Ben All-Shasta.
Time. 1
Ann SIXTH HACK— Thlrleen-slxteenths of a mile; purse J 600.
4by.
Index. l
(456)
45:1 I
450
i 447 j
417 I
416 !
I Horse, age, weight. St. % % - %' Str. : -Fin. Jockey.
!<)reyriur.it. 3. .'..... 97 1 3 ........ 24 - 2 4 210 11' T. 510 an........
Caspar. 3.. ..;:.. 100' l ........ lh lh : lh 215 J0ne5............
Times, 3....1' 0| 4 .... •4b s-'; 4h __•■ 34 :H. Mariln .*.
iKamarll. 3 9'l 2 .;.;.... 81 31 36 42 ■ Slarghter.......
Sly, 5.......:. ..'..'." 95 5 ..;:...; . 660 50 620 5 100 Spencer..;...;..
i Lovelock, 3. . :._.;:■ 92 1" 6 ........ ;6 --.-■ 6 6 !6' | H.8r0wn.......
• Jockey.
op;
' 4 *
6-5
12
15 -
100
' 7-2
,: .. 1
so
3
15
" ',. 300
■ goo. i start. Won handily. Winner, IL T. Griffin's gr. g., by Imp. Maneahnrst-Helen Scratch.
Time,' l:23%.
hard to run away with Charley Thorpe
and finally did succeed in getting around
to the stand, with Charley pulling and
hauling like the anchorman on a tug-of
vrar team. Thorpe says no more Marion*
et;e for him, and the judges have recom
mended that in future tier entry be
refused.
Joe Ullman backed Pecksniff both
place ami show. Marty told a friend that
if the unlucky piaier did not win he would
turn him out at pasturage.
The owner of Popinjay was fined $25 for
not having his horse saddled and de!a3 r
ing the other horses in the paddock for
fully five; minutes after the post cali
sounded.
Starter Dick Havey's work has been
exceptions: ly good during the present
meeting. His quick starts on Wednes
day, when seven lields were sent away
and people got home in ample time for
dinner, call forth praise on all sides. The
recall flag may have its virtues, but il also
has its setbacks, as evidenced by the long
delays at Oakland track.
Billy Magrane's old horse Baron was a
warm one from the end stall to win the
second race, but, getting away from the
post pooriy, Willie Martin contented him
self wit!) ' watching the others run. He
was reported to have outworked Frank X
at Oakland and may do over a longer dis
tance in future.
Judging from his performance yester
day, it is quite evident that Personne is
not a horse that requires weight to steady
him. It was a great improvement over
his preceding public appearance.
Johnny McHalo, the genial little South
ern horseman, is experiencing a run of
hard luck In California. Some time ago
his horse, Johnny McHaie, was kicked on
the leg at the po9t in a race and was :ben
nosed out for the purse. Since that time
ho has been on the snelf. It looks as
though Basquil should have won a race
or two that he has been beaten in and
yesterday was nosed out by fersonne.
Following are to-day's entries:
First race, three-qnarters of a mile, selling:
338 Imp. FuSlerton 877 Lady Looram;.. 85
Lass 10:; 459CllssieB 07
430 Jim BlackDurn. »9 Hosier 96
465 Brametia. 94 451 Mike Rice 96
406 i'.oy t'arrutbers 87 410 Hazel P 94
Covasjro 79 465 Kuihledge 96
461 Banjo 99|
Second race, seven-sixteenths of a mile, two
year-olds:
446 uk. of YorK 11. 115 i (428) The Cheat 115
458 Itosa 109! 446 Morellito 112
4&M -Moringa )09| 446 Old Jack 109
(399) Queen Blazes. .112 (s^-orge Lee 112
458 r-ir \V r i11iam....112 446 Count Of Flan
-458 Fiacon 107 ders 104
411 Bodacia 104; .... Outlay 112
.... Me!vnßrnham.ll2; .... Aluminum 109
Third race, one mile, handicap.
(4Ss)Morte F0n5e...105 214 Thornhlll 100
460' Ostler Joe 106 311 Wawona 85
418 Cabnllo 104 426 Peril fcO
(431) Salisbury 11. ...104
Fourth race, one and an eighth mites, the Tarpey
stake, value *IJOO.
463 Schiller 981 (409)Schnltz 103
45« temper Lex 103; 442 Gallaut 100
(4U7)Ry di Bandldos 981 455 Foremost 100
884 Sweet Favordle 971 (460) Argentina 97
436 .-st. Lee 100| 441 Captive 98
Fifth race, one and a half miles, handicap,
hurdle:
180 Montalvo 1671 438 Haymarlcet 145
465 Fi Xi 148! 442 aallant 135
438 Hello 147' 442 Malo Diab10.. ..125
438 Gold Dust 145 1
sixth race, three-quarters of a mile, selling:
116 Marjorie 971 364 Harry 0 96
391 Elmer F 99! 450 Potentate 108
443 Mobalaska su 462 Boreas 102
•166 bortuna 10*1 469 Braw Scot 96
439 Veraijua 96](415)D0u01e Quick.. 99
46-' l'at Murphy 99:(4J>l)Last Chance 89
443 Doubtful 96 459 Jack Marti* 96
417 • eu. Morgaa.... 81 415 Rlcarao. 106
420 Major Cook 99 1 444 Yemen 104
Seventh race; allowances: one rule.
422 Moriita. 104 ■ 467 Draught. 94
440 Koai runner... 107 293 Franco 99
422 Miss Ruth 102 457 Favory 107
463 Cogent 94 434 .Su AlqDon 99
463 Imp. sain 94 461 Manchester... 107
469 JackKichelieu 107 167 Dauilen 109
SELKCTIONS FOB TO-DAY.
' First race— Lady Looram, alike Rice,
Jim Blackburn.
Second race— Duke of York IX, Queen
Blazes, The Cheat.
.Third race— Salisbury 11, Ostler Joe,
TVawona. '■' ; V. ■ •
Fourth — Argentina, St. Leo, Cap
tive. • '■'*'.'.■.
Fifth race — Montalvo, Gold Dust,
Hello. c . : : ;.'; ; '■ ■,- ':'■:■ % r: ',
.Sixth Major Cook,' Potentate,
Braw Soot.,- "
■ Seventh — Damlen, St. Aignon,
imp- Sain. "
With commendable enterprise the Post pub
lishes a noon edition containing entries, jock
eys, scratches and tips irom all the papers. *
The Matron Is Poisoned.
OAKLAND, Cal., Jan. 29.-M.rs. Hattie
McDonald, the new matron of the Receiv
ing Hospital, is critically, ill from blood
poisoning. About two weeks ago, while
attending to a patient, she had a scratch
on her linger which absorbed some poi
sonous virus and her health is now
dangerously threatened. Alias Lou Rey
nard of Fabiola Hospital is temporarily in
charge of the Keceiving riospi'.al.
Says F. SI. Smith la Liable.
OAKLAND, Cal., Jan. 29.— The Cali
fornia and Nevada Railroad Company
filed its answer to-day in a suit brouzht
against them by Christian Nelson, who
wants several thousand aollars for alleged
injuries on their train. The railroad asserts
that in 1893 F. M. Smith contracted to
take charge of the road and operate the
cars, and that, therefore, he ana not the
company is liable for any damages.
Poultry Show to Soon Close.
OAKLAND, Cal., Jan. 29.— The poultry
show will close on Sunday evening. Every
night there is an attractive programme on
the stage by well-known actors and acro
bats. The wet weather has interfered
somewhat with the attendance, but the
show merits liberal patronage, which it
will be no doubt accorded on the closing
days.
KEW TO-SAT.
' TWO TAILS.
Also Two Tales.
Several years ago one of the popular
humorists, scientifically inclined, con-
cluded to make some experiments with
iced tea, the popular summer drink. The
result of his investigations is given in his
own words. • • < •» < «•• . .- r .'
"I secured a sample of the tea at one of
the restaurants in town to get a fair aver-
age of the article used. I took a teaspoon-
f ul of the liquid to the household pump;
it was stirred into a large tub filled with
water and in a moment the color of the
tea had disappeared. Any one will admit
that this solution would seem harmless
even to the healthy lower animals. We
had some young puppies in the barnyard
and I procured two of the smallest of
tnera; they were allowed- to lap' at the
liquid, and then their heads were held
under the water for fifteen minutes. It re-
sulted in the death of both the puppies,
and the. dangerous properties of the de-
coction were made apparent.'' . (
It is all very well to have a bit of fun
from the experiments in food and drink,
but there are many nowadays who are
really hurt, and hurt seriously from the
use of coffee.
A new breakfast beverage has been Dro- 1
duced -which looks like coffee in the deep
seal brown color and which changes to the
rich golden brown of thick Mocha when
cream is added. It has been introduced'
extensively this season, and' is made from
cereals, the common grain of the field. It
is nourishing and healthful, without hav-
ing the hurtiul properties of coffee. The
weakest stomach can handle the grain
coffee, and the taste and color is so agree-
able and coffee-like that it fills the piaee
nicely. This food-drink-, Postum, can be
given to small children regularly for coffee
at breakfast, and is nourishing and fat-
tens their bodies. It is a liquid food,
made from the grains the Creator intended
for man's subsistence. Manufactured by
the Postum Cereal Co., Lim., Battle Creek,
Mich. .
"Just as good" as Postum Cereal are
words used to defraud the public.
|i^ll^Vnil^ >re Tnroat, Pimples, Copper- '*£
'3'nAj& lUU colored Spots, Aches, Old Sores, »a
•^Ulcers In Mouth, Hair-Falling Write COOKB
&BEMEDT CO., 807 Masonic Temp!?JH
BlChlcaKo, 111., for proofs of cures. Capl- £3
BWr.il. £54)0,000. Worst eases cured la 15M|
■jjto 35 days. 100-poce book free. 3i
j^^\l Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
J^J^OLT) KF.ABA T ST. Established
SflifrfiESl in I* s ** for the treatment of Private
m. JJW-fgjlf Diseases, Lost Manhood. Debility or
BattSMaSpb disease wearing on bodyand mind and
NblMHifH&lSkin Diseases. The doctor cures when
i-fcSEB»StS»i?i others fail. Try him. Charges low.
*SmßSEaeßa Core* eaarantrrd. Call orwrite.
Dr. J. V. <.fI!KU>. Box 1957. San Franciso*
!,' OCEAN TRAVEL
PACIFIC COAST_STEIMSHIP CO.
STEAMERS LEAVE BROADWAY A«^
wharf, San Francisco, as follows: **^1lW1:
For Mary Island, LorlnK, Wrangel. .Tiineau. KU-
llsnoo and Sitka (Alaska), at 9 a. M.. Feb. 10, -.">.
For Victoria and Vancouver (B. C), Port Town-
send, Seattle, Tacoma, Everett, Anacortes and
.New Wiiatcom (Bellingbam Bay, Wash.). 9 a. >.
Feb. 4, 10, 15, 20, '25, and every fifth day there-'
after, connecting at Vancouver with the C. P. R.
X., at Tacoma with N. I*. R. R., at Seattle with (J.
N. Ky., at Port Towusend with Alaska steamers.
For ICurekn, Area: a and Fields Landing (Hum-
boldt Bay), sir. Pomona 2p. it., Feb. l, 6, 9, 18,
17. 21. 25, and every fourth day thereafter.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey, San Simeon, Cayacos,
Port Harford (San Luis Obispo), Gavlota, Santa
Barbara, Ventura, Hueneme, ban Pedro, East San-
Pedro (Los Angeles) and Newport, at 9 a. if.
Feb. 3, 7, 11, 15, 19, 23, 27, and every* fourth
day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Harrord
(San Luis Obispo), Santa Barbara, Port Lo« An-
reles. Redondo (Los Angeles) and .Newport, 11
a.m. Feb. 1, 5, 9, 13, 17, 21, 25, and every fourth
day thereafter.
For Ensenada, San Jose del Cabo. Mazatlan, La
Paz and Guaymas (Mexico), steamer Orizaba, 10
A. m. 25th of each month.
The Company reserves the right to change with-
out previous notice steamers, sailing dates and
hours of sailing. Ticket office— Palace Hotel, 4
New Montgomery street. : 'Jjseaft
OOODALL, PERKINS A CO., Gen'l Agents,
10 Market St., San Francisco.
THEO.R.&N. CO.
DISPATCH FAbT STEAMERS TO
From Spear-street Wharf, at 10 a. m.
FA "RTT/* l3 Flrnt-claaa 1 Including
iVXIXuisG Second-class /barth A meals
SCHEDULE OF SAILINGS:
Columbia Jan. .'B, Feb. 2,12. 28
State of California Jan. 28, Feb. 7. 17, 27
Through - tickets and through baggage to alt
Eastern points. . Kates and folders upon applica-
tion to
F. F. CONNOR. General Agont.
630 Market street.
GOODALL, PERKINS 4 CO.. Superintendents
faoiniMaiß Th « H - 8. MONOWAI
Hfl fIHIE sails via HONOLULU
i«g"lhllBier an AUCKLAND for
Umt - ," SYDNEY, Thursday,
*a.>^| • > " February 4, at 2 p. v.
S.JMrnchin-J &*>. Australia tor
Q)lwlllljlll^' v HONOLULU only,
■ /nUlFfflPU* Tuesday, February 33,
VUllipQlU-p a 2p. it Special party
.rates.
i Line to COOLG ARDrK, Ansu.and CAPETO WX
South Africa.
J. D. SPRECKELS * BROS. CO.. Agents.
114 Montgomery street
; Freight Office, 327 Market su San Francisco.
COMPAGSIEGEIERAL TR.USATLASTIQOB
French. Line to Havre. ■.-.;;"": ■:'■
/COMPANY.- PIE R(NEW),42 NORTH JPfg*-
V River, foot of Morton »v Travelers by Cs*SS3e
this line avoid both transit by English railway and
the discomfort of crossing the channel In a small
boat. Aew York to Alexandria. Egypt, via ParU, .
first class $160, second class $116.
LA BRETAGNE. Feb. 6, 6A. if.
LANORMANDIE ..Feb. 13, 9A. .
LABOURGOGNE .....Feb. 20, 6a. if.
LA CHAMPAGNE Feb. 27, 8:30 a. U.
LA OASCOGNE March 6, sa. if.
tS~ For further particulars apply to
A. FOKOKT, Agent.
No. 3, Bowling Green. Ne\V York.
J. P. FCGAZI & CO., Agents, 6 Montgomery
avenue, San Francisco. .-.-.•
STOCKTON STEAMERS
Leave Pier No. 3, Washington St«
At 6 F. M» Daily. Jfc'reigUl received -up.
. . . .■■...•* to .>:3i) P. M. .
jjf^ Accommodations Reserved by Telephone.
The only Huh selling through tickets and giving
through freight rates to ail points on Valley •
Railroad.
: ■ ■ • ■■ ■■■-•■ STEAMERS!
T. C. Walker, 3. D. Peters,
Mary Uarratt, City of Stockton.
Teiephone Main 80S. Cat. Nay. and Impt. Ca
FOMALIFJO AID U. X lATT-TAEDL
. STEAMER "SIONTICELLO," '
Dally ex. Saturday <& Sun.. 10:30 a. v. and 4 p. it
Saturdays.....:. ;.....;, •10:30 a.m., 4 p. if.
5unday*......:.... .......*...::..... 8 p. k.
Landing Mlsslou-stree: Dock, Pier 4
: Telephone Black 261. ■•• ■
: j "Trip gives 6 hour* siop at Navy- Yard. .
FOR JOSE/ LOS GATOS & SASTA CRUZ
STKAMERALVISO LEAVE* PIER ] MON-
day. Wednesday. • Friday, at 10 a. h. Alviso
' '1 uesdar. Thursday. Saturday, at 3p. M . ' Freight
and Passenger. Fare between Man Francisco and
Alviso, 60c; to San Jose, 75c CUy »L. Pi«* il '
•M W. b*ata Ci*r» »d e>au Jom im *
1112
SUICIDE, SAYS THE
CORONER'S JURY
But Dr. Hawkins Refused
to Accept th-3 Verdict
Rendered.
He Said the Evidence Did Not
Warrant Any Such
Finding.
Delirious From Etc ssive Drinking
Was the Conclusion of the
Twelve.
The Coroner's inquest held yesterday in
the case of Charles C. Nordhausen, the
Oakland capitalist, who died in St. Luke's
Hosfcital from a revolver shot, threw no
light upon the mystery surrounding the
case. It was productive, however, of a
difference of opinion between Coroner
Hawkins and the jury.
The witnesses in the Baldwin Hotel,
where Nordhauaen is supposed to have
shot himself, told of the many drinks,
straight and mixed, that the guest had
taken previous to the discovery of his seri
ous condition, and this. led the jury to re
turn a verdict of "suicide while delirious
from excessive drink."
To this finding the following names were
attached:
E. L. Haller (foreman),- Nals Bhaping, H.
Lundbert, H. Lucas, Allen Leidholdt, Charles
Fye, J. G. Johsistone, C. Psall, William Mosser,
W. 8. Jacobs, Harry Leff, C. H. Lund Jr.
The Coroner Would not have it that way,
however.and refused to accept tbe verdict,
claiming that there was not!. ing in the
testimony presented to the jury to war
rant such a finding. He did not object to
the suicide feature, but the delirious part
he said was not warranted by the testi
mony of a single witnoss. He will ask
the police to make further investigation.
Should there be any new developments
another inquest is in the line of possibili
ties, particularly where the verdict given
yesterday was not accepted by Dr. Haw
kius.
As stated, the case was not cleared o:
the mystery by any of the witnesses who
testified.
Nordhausen was a capitalist living at
1322 Adeline street, Oakianu. About the
20th inst. he left his home to go to Randj
burg, wh/re he had some mining interests
to look after. For several days nothing
was heard of him, and when his family
did receive a message it was that he was
dying in St. Luke's Hospital, to which he,
had been conveyed from the Baldwin
Hotel. He' was suffering from an ui;ly
and fatal pistol-bullet wound in the leit
side and an unsightly wound on his foie
head.
J. D. Pettit, the bellboy at the Baldwin,
testified that Nordhausen on Monday
morning bad informed him that he had
accidentally shot himself, and that the
jacged wound in the head was the result
of a fall. Previous to that the Oakland
capitalist had been drinking heavily in
his room, and he explained the presence
of the towel on his head by saying that h?
was buffering from the effects of a spree
and had a headache.
Frank Smith, also a bellboy, gave simi
lar testimony as to the man's excessive
drinking and of his wearing a towel on
his head.
Manager Lake of the hotel told of find
ing the revolver in the room after the
wounded guest's removal; also of there
being a bullet hole in the window glass,
that 6howed that the shot had been fired
inside of the room. He said that no one
in the hotel had heard the shots. In fact,
the adjoining rooms were not occupied at
the time.
D.-. C. M. Armstrong of St. Luke's Hos
pital testified that he bad asked Nord
hausen if a woman had shot him, to
which the wounded man answered, "You
must not ask me that. It makes no differ
ence now."
Robert Durst, a nurse at the hospital,
testified that the wounded man bad told
him that it was an accident.
The only witness who hinted at foul
play was Dr. W. E. Taylor, the ex-Coro
ner. Dr. Taylor was the first physician
called to N-ordhausen whiie the latter was
in the hotel. He said that the wound in
the breast was at least thirty-six hours
old when he first saw it. I lie wound on
the head he believed was caused by a Dlow
from a biunt instrument and not by a
fall, as Nordhausen bad stated. Dr. Tay
lor's evidence showed that he does not
believe the man shot himself.
Detective Whitaker could not throw
any lij;ht upon the matter, bathe believed
lrom all appearances that it was a plain
case of suicide. Dr. C. L. Morgan, the
autopsy physician, testified that it was
possible for deceased to have shot himself
in the body and produced such a wound
as caused his death, but the man must
have assumed an unnatural position to
have done *o. He did not believe the
wound on the head was either caused by a
bullet or a fall, but by a blow from a blunt
instrument.
Mrs. Nordhauien, the widow, was not
able to appear, and the nephew, C. J.
Heaseman, knew nothing of the affair.
Nordhausen was a native of Germany, 48
years oid. Whether the case will drop
here or be further investigated remains
to be seen.
IN FRATERNAL BONDS.
The Doings of Some of the
Beneficiary Organizations
of the City.
Institution of a Njw Tribe of the
Improved Order of Red Men.
Washington's Birthday.
Mono Tribe, Independent Order of Bed Men,
was Instituted on the 14th lnst. at Angels
Camp with flfty-nine members by Great
Prophet Jackson and Great Chief of Records Burg
re au, assisted by Past Sachems W. F. Glucas of
Mlantonomah Trib • and J. Fowzer of Arupahoe
Tribe of this City, R. W. Bean, J. A. Mere, F. W.
Matterson and E. J. Bra. post sachems of Iroquols
Tribe of Stockton, and others. The chiefs of the
new tribe are: W. E. Barker, P.; K. B. Matbews,
B.;G. W. Watson, 8. S.; J. F. O'Hare. J. 8.:
Thomas F. Laird, C. of X,: W. B. Newman, K. of
W. ; G. W. Briggs. Firsts. ; J. Kavanagh. Second 5. ;
M. Arena!, K. Martin, A. Jones and J. Bur.;e,
warriors: A. M. Hays, John Keenan, J. Lefihow
ltz and Thomas Mailman, braves. After the In
stitution there was a retirement to a banquet hall,
where there was a splendid time for all, a great
number of ladies being present. Among the ladies
were Mrs. Si. L. McLane or Alfaraia Council and
Mrs. Baiter, formerly chief of records of Kah
w«nita council of Stockton.
All the local tribes will join Modoc Tribe Jn a
ce'ebratton of Washington's birthday by a ball to
be given iii Odd Fellows' Hal!. Porter L. Blisa is
tbe chairman of the committee of arrangements
jirid Dr. Merry chairman of the committee on re
ception. B. W. Cameron is the chairman of the
floor committee. '1 here is a possibility that the
great sachem will be present and deliver an ad-
r 'Pot committee to arrange for participation In
the Golden Gate carnival will meet to-night to
ma«e arrangements.
sctovome Tribe adopted one pale face at Its last
held meeting and was addressed by Fred Brandt,
v G. B , and by C. F. Burgman, G. C. of B.
The new chefs of Mlantonomah Tribe were
raised to their respective stations by V. H. Par
nsh. V. D., assisted by A. Jackson, G. P., and Wil
liam Botosky, P. »■
Degree of Focabontas. :
Tl» followlne-ii»B»ed chiefs have been raised to
their respective stations by District Deputy Agnes
McMahon: J. Welsel, C. ; Laurine Filley, Poca
hontas: Kate Geary, W.: T. Seavey, Powhattan;
Kmma Butcher, K. of W.: Josie Walworth, K. •of
R.; Mr. Weisel, C. of W. After the raising up
ceremony the past I'ocahontaa was preserved by
the deputy on behalf of the council a handsome
pin expressive if the members' admiration 01 her
services. Then followed vocal and instrumental
music and dancing.
After the raising up of the chiefs of VVenonah
Council of . ac«a.ruento a committee was appointed
to make arrangements for the jroper observance
of Washington's birthday anniversary.
Ponemah Council of Nevada City enters upon
the new term wllß 105 members. 1 his council,
which is the home of the great Sachem, is
manifesting a great deal of iuterest in the work of
the order. ' -
Foresters of America.
J. & W. Saunders, C. S. C R., officially visited
the following courts during the week: Court Capi
tal of California, Sacramento, Monday; Court Gar
field, Nevada City, Tuesday; Coon Pride of Grass
Vai:ey. Wednesday: Court Confidence, Placerville.
Thursday; Court Elk Grove iriday, and will visit
; court Concordia, Sacramento, to-night. J. Samu
els, G. 8. W., officially visited Court Aurora In this
City Wednesday, and Court United (states of
America, Oakland, Thursday.
During the past, week E. S. Harrison, G. J. W.,
visited Court Alhambra in Martinez, ana C. H.
Bremer, grand secretary, visited court \ acavliie
and court Mount Diabio in Danville.
According to the report of Grand Sub-Chief
Ranger Saunders. Court »an Leandro, visited by
Him edi.eaaay, is one of the most progres
sive in the jurisdiction. Initiations are many and
conluctedin a manner reflecting credit upon the
officers, while the business of the court is con
ducted in a manner that, all courts may well imi
tate.
Court Hermann of Fresno held an open meeting
on Thursday, and at which Edward Maas, D,
G. C. R., publicly installed the newly elected offi
cers. After the installation an Interesting address
was made by E. S. Harrison, G. J. W.
Frank Lewis, D. G. C 1.., assisted by Lee Wells,
D. G. C. R., James Healiug, D. G. C. X., W. H.
i'onol.ue, George Groom, J. L. Coats and John
Conway, installed in full and ample form the offi
cers of Court Mount Diablo No. 118 of Danville,
in public, on Wednesday evening. After the
ins allution a brief address on tue order was given
by C. H. Bremer. G. S.
J. 8. W. (-am ders, G. S. C. R., visited Court
Zenith Monday evening. After exemplifying the
secret work an lntejestlng programme was pre
sented by me court, during which the past cuief
rangers' certificates, beautifully framed, were pre
sented to WiUium a. Lynch and George Berg for
meritorious services. A delegation of Court In
dependence was present and participated in the
festivities of the evening.
Knights of the Golden Eagle.
The grand officers paid a visit to Golden Gate
Castle on Monday, and were cordially welcomed.
T bis castle, at the meeting next Monday, will take
so me action in relation to the death benefit fund.
Between thirty and forty members of this castle
will take out certificate* in the ftin.l.
Golden Ga.e Castle is making arrangements for
a grand time on the occasion of the Valentine
part . to be given on the 13lh of next month.
California Castle was vsiied by the grand officers
last Wednesday, and they witnessed tne conferring
of degrees on several candidates.
.Alpha Temple. Ladies of theUo'.den Eagle, have
a nuai bei of candidates to Initiate, and the com-
I mittee having charge of the matter is arranging a
dance to be given shortly.
Royal Arcanum.
The newly-elected officers of Golden West Coun
cil, Royal Arcanum, were publicly installed by
Deputy Supreme Regent R. stone on January
22. The council-room in Native Sons' Hall was
comfortably well filled with the members of i
Golden Gate Council acd a large delegation of
members from Argonaut Council No. 697, headed
by Regent George W. Dlxon ana other officers.
After the routine wort of the council was com
pit ti d the doors were thrown open and the ladles
and visiting friends of the members were admit
ted, and th* ceremonies of installation were pro
ceded with. Frederick Head of Argonaut, acting
as supreme guide, assisted the deputy supreme re
gent. Th* followifg-named officers were installed:
Regent, 'j bom is Banks; vice-re; a., James W.
Disurow: orator, H. H. McDona d: past regent, R.
Stone; secretary. Henry Grundel; collector. R. W.
Mcitiand; treasurer, J. A. Clover; chaplain, H. D.
Hint; t;uide, W. F. Deltimeir; warden, T. G. Hodg
klns; sentry, W. M. Vouni; trustees — Charles c
-tokes, ( l:ailes F. Humphrey and Charles H.
Bun. The regent, Brother B,.nks. mate an elo
quent address on the objects and aims of the Royal
Arcanum, after which a splendid programme of
exercises was given, consisting of music by the
mandolin club (Wilson brothers and Klnmpke);
Chinese son;; and toast, W. K. Wilson: reUtatioo,
F. Head; remarks, J. B. Whitney, past regent of
Argonaut; duet, Messrs. William Ogilvle and J.
Fogarty: bary.o..e solo, William Ogilvie, which
was especially well done; recitation, Miss Emily
Dlsbrow; piano solo. Miss 1 an«.s, assisted by tier
brother; comicalities, *ecretary»M. 9. deßocoof
Argc.naut, and lemarks appropriate to the oica
siou by Hegent Dlxon of Argonauu Refreshments
were then served to the guess of the conn 11,
coffee ana cakes having been provided by the
wives end daughters of the members of Golden
West. The occasion will be long remembered as a
•■red-letter day" Jor Golden West Council.
■ i
National Keserve.
The following named were duly Installed as offi
cers of San Francisco Lodge, National Reserve
Union: Mrs. Z. Hawks, P. P.; A. 1. Abbott. P.:
G. H. Anker, < r . P. : G. E. Bandle, S. ; A. A. Hinch
man. T.: Miss E. E. Garvey, C: C. M. Peterson,
conductor: W. E. Nash, sentinel: C. W. Coffin. G.
H. Anker, W. E. Nash, trustees. The lodge has
closed a very prosp' raus year, and Deputy Su
preme Organizer lson expects to present, many
applications during the coming year. Afierthe in
stallation there «aia social gathering and refresh
-111 nnn
liberty Pout, G A. K.
The officers of Liberty Post No. 133, G. A. R.,
have been installed by W. A. Maydwell, P.
S. V. D. C. The officers are S. C. Smith, P. C.;
M. B. Brown, S. V. C.; J. H. San born, J. V. C:
J. Beber, surgeon; L. S. Harvey, Q. M.; Ellas
Shanks, c; O. M. White, O. D.; R. O. Perry, O.
G.; W. J. Park, adjutant: P. M. Carr, >. M. L.
McLaußblin, Q. M. S. A very agreeable entertain
ment followed, In which D. L Lawrence, Miss
Adell Brown, Miss Annie A. Foster, Miss Bessie
Jlarvty, Mrs. Linderman and Mrs. A. Budd took
p rt. Remarks were made by J. A. Hi ton, Mrs.
Wilson, Mrs. Goodwin, Commander Smith, W. J.
Park, P. P. C, and S. M. Carr.
Order of the World
District Deputy Mrs. Worms has installed the of
ficers of Columbia Lodge No. 417, Order of the
World (German branch), In Kedm-n's Hall, Rush
street: B. a. .-animann, P.. Henry Troppmann,
V. P.: C. G. Nirdori, P. P.: R. Langer, S. . Charles
Fucl'.rig, T. : Mrs. E. Nlrdorf, C. : Philip Meindle,
M. : G. H. Kidruwsky, G.; Max Krauss, sentinel;
Dr. R. M. B--rmlt, physician; Leo Bauer, Henry
Thicller and Mrs Martha Bartliels, trustees,
Tnts lodge has a membeishlp of eighty. It will in
a short time g' re one of those pleasant socials for
which it is noted.
HOTEL AERIVALB.
PALACE HOTEL.
Geo Hagar, ( oiusa T ci Couch, Mont
X P Mariin, N V Ci S L;s;, .Seatile
John Boggs. Coinsa Fred Bug;s, Colusa
- MrMurtrie. Denver J J Atkins. Mass
J M Thompson, S V W H Reed. Ohio
W H Newhall. Chicago J C 1 ane, Berkeley
G C Griswold, Chicago R B Hyde, Vlsalia
W X Wheelock, i anas W F Jobbins, Aurora
G L Waidllng. Hanford M W Dunham, 111
W'J Cotter. Phila G Turnbull, Baltimore
J W Garfett, Baltimore E a Kelthly, Chicago
F k BUisuell Phi a H F Fuller, Phila
John schenk, Fhila F G Patterson. Pa
W B Sau born, Fruit vale J M Anemane, Stanford
H S Dlttenhofer, -\ V L M Bobbins Sulsnn
W M Dunham, ill J H Baton, N V
s Sutherland, Chicafo C Kltk Jr, Chicago
F H t oyne, Los Ang J t* Fan-aber, Yreka
G 8 is, Tex F T Sutherland, Orovllle
A R Colburn * w, Waih P J McKennn <fe w, NY
C A Baldwin «fe w, Cat H A Whit ey, Berkeley
R Thompion, Berkeley C House, Stanford
P E Walker, it: nford AY L Beil, st&nlord
GRAND HOTEL.
J BTregloan, Amador Cv I o streicher. Elko
C E Lindsay, Santa Cruz C K. Hoillster, Cuurtland
W Gwynn, Napa D WBurrhard, San J.^se
P A Buell, Stockton LBr.idi nbach Stockton
G O Saadtrson, Ukiah CC Hrook : s, Prt Elakeiey
H M Bl <k, Los Gatos H Harlin, Fremont
>v Maguire, Dutch flat D < Clark, Santa Cruz
M X Codey, Sonoma W F Peterson, sac.o
Robert Harte, sacto i- T Peitit. San Jos-<
J F Condon, Verdi A J Plant, Davisvi.le
E Berwick, Pacific Grove J T Webber. Chicago
S G Lane, New York Mrs C H Clark, lowa
A H Clark, lowa A F McEwan, Seattle
\V A Wickruan «fe w, Cal F Z Suiitb. >onoma
W H I ouley, Va'iiejo W -\ Fink <fe w, Oakland
M de Vrles & w. siocKton T J Tomalty, Stockton
A 1. .Martin, Seattle J T Smith, London
J KoAntior, >an Jose J Mannini;, Los Ang
L M L'oogan, Fresno
LICK HOUSE.
E H Adams <fc wf N V C P Everts <fc wf, S Mateo
J M Lathrop, N«r man W LMci-ariand, Or
X M Dod4e, Kenwoid O W Field, Cal
F H Kiboorne, sea. tie J A I. outlet, sic kton
G W H ile, sonjitt J J Mouaey, Visaliu
W R >p :•. uldin.it wf, Cal M spaulaint;, Fair view
C Piatt <fc wf. Wash A L Hobbs. Fresno
E Capp rsou, Santa Clara W E Crossman, San Jose
W >exion, oau Jose Miss X -exion, San Jone
Minnie sxton, sau Jose Neu* sexton, San Jo>e
W 11 Hammond. Vi*alia CH Haydan, CallaLans
MrsG G Briggs Davisvlllf B X Harris, Tacoma
P Levy &wi, San Jose Mrs J Boyles, -\ V
J P Andrews, Nevada
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
B L Fisher, Alameda H Condeu, Los Gatos
JA S Gough, San Jose D E Lahuugo. Alvlso
A J McKln'ey, Ohio ai a Frahan. Sacramento
T J Jone-, Viilkjo I a Watkiiis. Sioux City
C A Stewart, NY J J Brads t one, Mill Valley
JI X McGuire, Boston S C Coulan, sn Ls Oblspo
W M Martin, Sonora H G Thompson, 8t Paul
R Thompson, Chicago J 0 Buffun, Fair uaks
J H Van:, Mendociuo G - lio nies. Seattle
W A Christ, Jim own J W Culdwell, Butte City
H £ Auyser, San Jose P C Mayiord, Chicago
BALDWIN HOTEL.
J P Berry, Santa Rosa S Johnson iw, N V
J de la Torre, SI AMI ownsend.San Jose
D X Slavan, Nev J » Smith. Los Angeles
E Garson, Los Angeles J Stlnson, Los Angeles
F W Bliss & w. Sta Crus G Bowlee, N V
E J Datiiel* A w. S Dak Mrs C A Daniels, S Dak
C a Joues.w * eh, Reno E X Cowles, N V
T S Townitnd, Portland ABC Dowdell.St Helena
Cap: T B Pritchard. Cal E C Conrad <fe w. L Aug
C drcHtii'-ad. Bonday j> E Johnson, Chicago
C E Johnson, chicaico J H Maboney <t w, Sac
Mi»s Ai Muhoiity, »ac
\
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JANUARY 30, 1897.
CHURCH NOTICES.
15^5= FIRST PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH
EF35 r cor. Van Ness aye. and Sacramento st.— Rev
Robert Mackenzie, D.D., pastor: Rev. Edwin H
Jenks, co-pastor. Dr. Mackenzie will preach at
11 a. v. Mr. Jenks will preach at 7:30 p. M..
sunday-schcol at 12:45 p. it: Y. P. S. C. E. at6:i&
p. m. Prayer- meeting Wednesday at Bp. m, All
are welcome.
O^S" SIMPSON MEMORIAI. METHODIST
Str-i^ Episcopal Church, cor. Hayes and Buchanan
sts.— Rev. John Stephens, pastor; residence, 809
Haigh: st. Preaching at 11 a. m. and 7:30 p.m.
The pastor will preach at both services. Topic
at 11 a. m.. "Wounded in the House of His
Friends." a: 7:30 p. v . "Does It Pay?" Revival
service*, every evening this week, except Saturday,
In charge of Rev. Drs. Phelps and Urmy. Sunday-
school at 12:30 p. v.. C. B. Perkins superintendent.
Kpworth League service at 6:30 p. m. The public
cordially invited to all the services of this church.
Seats free. Ushers In attendance. Prayer-meeting
Wednesday evening at 7 :45 o'clock.
jKS= HOWARD-STREET METHODIST EPIS-
UhJ? copal Church, bet. Second and Third streets,
two blocks from Palace Hotel— Rev. W. W. Case,
D.D- pastor: Martin >chultz. musical director;
J. W. Whiting, Sunday-school superintendent.
Hours of public services, 11 a. m. and 7:30 r. v.
Sunday-school at 12:30. Prayer meeting Wed-
nesday evening, 7:45. Epworth Leacue, 6:30
Sunday evening. Morning subject: "What's In a
Name? 1 Evening subject: "Earnestuess, or the
Maiden's Last Prayer." Pastor's residence, 140j
Hawthorne street, near the church. Telephone
Red 961. Church tel phone, Flack 961.
JKS 3 CENTRAL METHODIST EPISCOPAL
Wf-& church. Mission St., bat. 8 xth ana Sev-
enth—The pastor, Rev. E. K. Dille, D.D., will
preach morning and evening. Morning subject:
"Christian Manliness. Evening: "Atheism. Ag-
nosticism, Materialism"— first in series on -'Isms
of the Day." Sunday-school, K. V. Watt superin-
tendent, at 1 P. if. Bible-classes for adults; kin-
dergarten for lilt ones. V. P. S. C. E. (two
meetings), at 6:15 p. M. Midweek prayer-meeting
Wednesday evening. Rev. J. H. Smith of Phila-
delphia will |beglu Fentacostal services in this
church on Sunday, February 7.
H^ss= TRINITY M. E. CHURCH. CORNER
IS^B* Sixteenth and Market sis.— F. F.
Jewell, pastor, services morning 11 o'clock:
evening 7:30. Sunday-school 12:30 p. m.; John
Dyar, superintendeuu The pastor will preach
morn ng and evening. Morning subject, "High
Temperature Required; " evening, "The Flower
Of the Family." All are cordially invited to at-
tend. Seats free. Pastor's residence, 3631 'Six-
teenth s . "
ESSp COSMOPOLITAN CHURCH, GOLDEN
OF-*' Gate Hall, Sutter St.- The new meeting |
place of the Cosmopolitan Church Is Golden Gate
Hall. Services Sunday night. Key. Harold Ho cc,
pastor. Subject of sermon: "The Religion of the
Twentieth Century." Doors open at 7:15 P. M.
Services 7:45 p.m. Address business communi-
cations to James Nesbiu Hill, 6/5 butter s:.
!J£~§= THIR" NEW CHURCH SOCIETY
$&-& (Swedenborcian;, Wasuiueion Hall, Red
Men's building, 320 Post St.— Key. J. • S. David,
minister. Service at 11 a. ii. Subject of sermon:
•'I he Flood and the Ark." Ail are invited.
fl^sa SEVENTH-DAY ADVENTIST MEET-
EPS' ings, at 7:30 each evening, at 1380 Market
st. An appropriate son« service will precede the
preaching. The public cordially invited.
NOTICE OF MEETINGS.
MISSION LODGE NO. 169, F. & m
St^P A. m. — Called meeting THIS A
(SATURDAY) EVENING at 7:3o^_lf
o'clock. Third degree. By order of the /^y\
W. M. C. D. BUNKER, Secretary.
rrS' 229 STEVENSON ST., SAN FRAN-'
&--& oisco, Cat., January 29. 1897. At a meet-
ing of the board of directors of the Edison Light
ana Power Company, he.d on the 28th day of
January, 1897, it was unanimously solved that
on and after February 1, 1897, the president and
secretary be instructed to deliver to the stock-
holders of sail company one and one-third (IV3)
shares of the capital stock of the Han Francisco Gas
and Electric Company for each share of the
Edison Light and Power Company's stock sur-
rendered. Transfer- of the Edison Light
and Power Company will be closed on January
30. 1897. The first dividend will be payable on
the new stock on or about March 1, 18S»7, and wiil
be at the fate of one; dollar ($1) per share.
stockholders are requested to surrender their
certificates to the secretary of the company with-
out delay.
EDISON LIGHT AND POWER COMPANY,
By J. E. Gkkek, Secretary.
A' ASONIC CEMETERY ASSOCIATION.—
»>*' The annual meeting of lot-owners in the
Masonic Cemetery will be held at the Masonic
Temp'eon TUESDAY AFTERNOON, February
2, 1897, at 2 o'clock, for the election of three
trustees and such business as may legally come
before iL GEO. J. HOBE, secretary.
(f^s» SOULSBY CONSOLIDATED GOLD
*&3» r Mining Company— Not cc is hereby given
that the regular annual meeting of the stock-
ho ders of the above company w.ll be held at their
office, room 7. Mills building. San Francisco, Cal.,
on WEDNESDAY. February 3, 1897.
EDWARD W. HEBaRD, Secretary.
gt^Sp THE REG I. AH ANNUAL MEETING
Bails' of the stockholders of the National Ice Com-
pany will be had at the nice ■ f the company, 3:27
Market sU. San Francisco, Cal., on WEDNES-
DAY, the 3d day of February, 1897, at th» hour of
11 o'clock a. if , for the purpose of electing a
board of directors to serve for the ensuing year
and the transaction of such other business as may
come before the meeting.
J. T. DONAHUE, Secretary.
Office 327 Market sU, san Francisco, Cal. |
SPECIAL. NOTICES.
B|^» BAD TENANTS EJECTKD FOR «4:
SPSS' collections made: city or country. -Pacific
Collection Co.. 416 Monttcy St., room 6: tel. 6580.
SITUATIONS WANTED-FEMAI.E.
BEST SERVANTS: PARTICULAR PAINS
10 please by J. F.CROSEIT&CO., 316 Sutter.
VOINQ WOMAN, GOOD SEAMSTRESS AND
1 good cook, one who has to depend on herself
for a living, wants position as housekeeper in
uotel or lodging-bouse: city or country: strictly
business. Address A. P., box 10, this office.
TIT" A TED-POSITION AS WORKING
Vl housekeeper by an agreeable young woman;
widower's faml y preferred; wages $25. Call
Saturday and Sunday from 10 to 3, 126 Fourth
st., room 6.
T"IRST- CLASS COOK, WITH A GIRL 16
•T years old, desires situation in boarding-home or
family: is a first-class baker: city or|counuy: ref-
erences. 126 Fourth St., room 37.
A ME RICA N MIDDLE-AGED WOMAN
-TV wants housework with care of invalid or
children; city or country. MRS. KERB, 1231
Market st.
7 ADY WOULD LIKE HOUSEKEEPER'S PO-
JU Hltlon; city or country. Apply ldl Taylor st.,
room 2, morning or after 7 p. 11.
SINGLE WOMAN, GOOD COOK, WANTS
place as housekeeper or do cooking. 31 Turk
St., basement.
yOUNO GKRMAN WIDOW WISHES POdl-
X tion as wonting housekeeper for widower or
bachelor. 106 Fourth St., mom 2
1-10MPETENT GERMAN COOK WISHES SIT-
\J iimilon; best of references; nopostals. Call at
2.05 Mission st.
RESSMAKER (ONE OF THE BEST) WILL
U go to families by the day; call and see style of
work. J. H. P.. 713 Post st.
IRL WOULD LACE PLACE TO DO SECOND
work. Call or adaress 112y 3 Clara, Dr. Fourth.
SWEDISH GIRL WISHKS PLACE FOR GEN-
D eral bousoworK. 322% Guerrero' st.
1 ADY WISHES SEWING OR MENDING TO
Xj do at home. 821 Mission st,, room 6.
GIRL (17) WISHES PLACE TO ASBIST IN
lisht housework. Call 717 Polk s!.
-TTOUNGGIRL WISHES SITUATION TO AS-
X sist In upstairs work and sewing. Call or ad-
dress 3624 Army s..
NEAT GIRL DESIRES A POSITION TO DO
JLN housework in a small family: good cook;, ref-
erences. 317 Grove su, near iranKlln.
/COMPETENT WOMAN WANTS SITUATION
\J kitchen work or dishwasher, etc.; sleep home.
402 McAllister st.
T?XPERIENC£U HOUSEKEEPER (WIDOW)
_Cj wants work in widower's or bachelor's house-
hold; country preferred. . 88 Nirith St., room 17;
hours. 11 a. M. to 9 P. m. •
yOUSG -EASTERN WIDOW OF KiFINE-
X merit and culture desires a position as manag-
ing housekeeper In widower's or bachelor's house.
Room 2, 122 Post st.
noMl ETENT GIRL WISHES A SITUATION
\J in American family; Oakland preferred; five
years last p. ace; best city references.' Apply 1533
Clay St., nr. Larkin.
ERMAN GIRL WISHES SITUATION TO
VJT do general housework or housekeeping: good
cook lor email family. - 620 Washington street.
SWEDISH GIRL WANTS TO DO HoUBE-
work or laundry work in a private family.
Please call at 1715 Howard st. -..- ■
■yOUNG GERMAN LADY, RECENTLY FROM
X the East, desires position as housekeeper. 112
Taylor st., room 14.
■youNG GIRL WANTS situation FOR
X general housework; city or count s2o per
month; good references, 190 Shipley st. ~
•yOUNG GIRL WISHES; PLACE TO DO
X light housewoi'k. Call 1370 Fifth St., Oakland.
WIDOW DESIRES P. SITION AS HOCSE-
keeper; does not object 10 2 children. Ad-
dress R. C. P., Peralta Heights, cor. Lester 'and
Hanover aves-.'Kast Oakland.
"TTIASTKRN WIDOW OF EXPERIENCE
X2J would like first-class place as housekeeper for
lodging-house, widower or bachelor. Room 9,
472 Stevenson St., corner Sixth, after 12. .
LRENCH GIRL WISHES A POSITION AS
-T lady's maid or chambermaid and seamstress;
good references. Address 822 a Broadway si. ■■ - .-, : ,-
OUSPKNDF.RS AND MUFFLERS EMBROID-
O ered by widow; 10 to 6 only. 1007 Market, r. 6.
SITUATIONS WANTED-Contfnued.
TTXPERIKNCED WAITRKSS OR CHAMBER-
Lj maid would like a situation In country hotel
or boarding-house; $20. Address box 452, Hay-
waids P. O.
ANTED — POSITION AS COMPANION;
will assist with children: can give satisfactory
references. Address B , box 7, Call Office, Oak-
land.
VEAT YOUNO HEALTHY WOMAN WISH-
1A es situation as wetnurse. B, G., box 77, Call
Office.
YOUNG WIDOW WANTS GENTLEMEN'S
mending at home. 106 Fourth st.. room 2.
UUNG WOMAN WOULD LIKE POSITION
as housekeeper; city or country. Call 144
Fif^u st., room 6.
"BriSCHKSTER HOUSE, 44 THIRD ST., NR.
TT Market; 200 rooms vsc iO $150 per night;
$1 50 to $t) per week; convenient and respectable;
free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
ANT ADS AND SUBSCRIPTIONS FOB
The Call are taken at Branch Office, south-
west corner Sixteenth and Mission s s.
QUBSCRIPTIONB AND WANT ADS FOR THE
O Call taken at branch office, 339 Hayea su;
open until 9:3i> o'clock.
W COR. SIXTEENTH ST., NEAR MlS-
slon; branch office of Th» Calx. Sub-
scriptions and want ads taken.
7"1 Q LABKIN-BRANCH OFFICE OF THE
• IO CALL: >üb*i -rim lons an-i want ad« taken.
SITUATIONS WANTED MALE.
T/OR A FIRST-CLASS COACHMAN OR
T gardener send your order to J. I. CROSETT &
CO., 628 -arrame'nto st.
UNTER & ca. CHINESE AND JAPA-
nese employment office. 17 Webb st., below
Kearney, ur. Cal.; tel.niuin2BL W.C.YOUNG, mgr
TAPANESK INTELLIGENCE AGENCY. R.
0 90. Su Ann's bl'g, 6 Eddy St.: tel iuain 5234.
/CHINESE & JAPANESE; KST'D 20 YEARS;
V^help;teLmaln 1997. BRADLEY & C 0. .640 aay
/CHINESE AND JAPANESE EMPLOYMENT
\J office: best help. 4HVi O'FarrelL Tel. E. 426.
ITUATION WANTED BY |SINOLE ENG-
lishmah as milker and butter-maker In private
place or dairy; understands the care of thorough-
bred cattle. Address C. HEWITT, 608 second
st,. Oakland, Cal.
SITUATION WANTED BY A STRONG
young German of good habits; not afraid to
work. Address J. T., care of R- HUKNJCH,
Y. M. C. A., 208 Mason St., city.
C>ERMAN, 3 YEARS LAST PLACE, UNDKR-
T stands care of horses, garden nnd milking,
wishes situation. ANDRE'S, 315 Stockton st.
STRONG, INDUSTRIOUS BOY: ONE WHO
understands working in bakery. Aj:p.y 109
is in: li St.; call after 10.
JAPANESE COUPLK WISH SITUATION IN
v private family; city or country; have good
reference. 1307 Larkin su
|7<NfIAOEMENT WANTKD BY A YOUNG
JCJ German, 27, sober and honest, during the fair
in Guatemala for a California business house or as
hotel clerk, storeroom man or any other responsible
position. Address M., box 4, Call Office.
situation as. manager of an exten-
-0 sive ranch by man of experience; has met
with special success both as fruit and raisin
grower «nd packer: best of references. Address
box 1607, Mint, cal.
SITUATION WANTED BY SOBER AND
steady young man as driver of milk wagon or
something s.mllar by one who can come well
recommended. Address M., box 99, Call office.
YOUNO, STRONG, ABLE-BODIED MAN,
X BOber and steady, painter and paper-hanger by
trade, desires a situation m a hotel or institution;
city or country. Address Painter, 2638 Post st
pARIUAOE, HOUSE PAINTER AND PA-
\_y per-ba iger, temperate, Al references, handy
with tools, must have employment: low wages;
city or country. AKDELL, 1042 i-'o.som st.
HANDY YOUNG MAN WITH GOOD REP-
erences wishes work around bouse or small
hotel; borne more than wages. R. M., box 98,
Call Office.
YOUNG MAN 20 WISHES WORK IN 80MS
X office or wholesale house: can furnish good
references and securities. J. LEONARD, box 98.
Call Office.
ITUATION WANTED BY A YOUNG BOY
of 13 years; speaks ' ngllßh and French. Ad-
dress M., box 104, Call Office.
PRACTICAL MACHINIST, ALL-ROUND ME-
X chai4c and engineer, married, wants position
where a reMab.e man can have permanent em-
ployment. Address D. C. S>., box 14, i all.
YOUNG GERM A N FROM HCLSTEIN WANTS
X situation of any kind. Address ii. V., box 27,
Call Office.
17IRST-CLASB HORSESHOER AND JOB-
. bing blacksmith warns place In a good shop,
or will take Interest In shop: city or country. Ad-
dress s. 8. , box 98, Call Office.
L^IR^T-CLASS BitEAD BAKER WANTB A
-F position. 543NatomasU
B\ COMPKTKN 1 MARRIED MAN POSITION
as watchman, shipping clerk or any situation
of trusi; speak, read and write English, German
and >p»nis.!i: highest of references. Address 11.
8., box 92, Call office.
4MARKKT «!'.— BRANCH OFFICE OF THE
Call: want ads and subscriptions tasen.
OQQ HAVES ST.— BRANCH OFFICE OF
OOv Thb Call; subscriptions and want ads
taken.
TJRANCH OFFICE OF THK CALL, 167 NINTH
X> st._ Want ads and subscriptions taken.
4MARKKT ST.— BRANCH OFFICE OF THE
Call: want add and subscriptions taken.
COB MONTGOMERY. CORNER OF CLAY—
• '— i Open untl 9:30 o'clock; branch office of
the Call: subscriptions and want ads. taken.
WINCHKSTER HOUSK, 44 THIRD ST., NR.
Market; 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night:
$1 60 to $6 per week; convenient and respectable;
free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
FEMALE HELP WANTED.
WANTED— GERMAN OR SCANDINAVIAN
cook, $30 to $35: second and sewing, $20; 2
French girls for housework. $15: girls for house-
work and assist. LEON ANDRE, 316 Stockton.
GII'L, FILLMORE ST., $l5; HOUSKKEEPER,
$15; girl, Fell su, $i 5; girl, Folsom St., $20 ;
girl, Sacramento su, $15: girl, Pierce nU, $15;
German girl. $20; girl, Clay St., $15: girl, Wash-
ington sU, 915: girl, Bartlett St., $20; girl. Green
su, $15: glrL Filimore si., $15: girl, Clay sU, $26:
girl, Day St., $15: girl, Stelner at., $16; girl, Fill-
more St., $20; grl, Berkeley, $20; 11 young girls,
68, $10 and $12 per month, assist, etc. MAR-
TIN'S, 749 Market sU
3 WAITRESSES FOR THE SOUTH; WAlT-
ress, country, $20 and room: lunch waitress:
waitress, city, $15 and room: cook, $20 and room;
waitress, country. $15 and room; cbamDermaid,
$16 and room. MARTIN'S, 749 Market st.
ANTED— 3 COOKS, GERMAN STYLE $25
and $30; German nur>e, $20; German cham-
bermaid and sewing, $20: cook, boarding-house,
$25; restaurant waitress, $25, and a large number
of girl* for cooking and housework. J. Jt\ CRO-
SETT & CO, 316 Sutter su
WANTED— IRISH, SCOTCH OR ENGLISH
girl for cooking and housework: a short dis-
tance; American family; $30. J.F. CROSETT
& CO., 316 Sutter st.
If\ WAITRESSES HOTEL SOUTH, $20: 4
1U waitresses, hotel near city, $20: 3 waitresses
hotel city, $20 and $18: 6 nousegirls, $26 and
$20; 2 houseglrls, *1 5 and $18: 4 German girls,
$15 and *iO. C. B, HANSEN <fe CO., 110 Geary.
pOOK, PLAIN BOARDING-HOUSE NEAR
\J city, $20; wai:res3cs, $15 ; cooks and
housework girls. MUKRaY* READY, Leading
Employment Agents, 634 and 636 Clay st.
COOK AND CHAMBERMAID FOR VlNE-
yard, country, $35 and $20, Scandinavians
preferred, and a "number of houseglrls. city and
country. Apply MRS. NORTON, 315 Sutter st.
GIRLS FOR GENERAL IK UfrEWORK,
nursewrls and cooks for the country: Swedish
or German preferred. MHs. DADAMI, 313 Sutter.
OUSKKEF.PER WITH GIRL ABOUT 8
.rears o.d; country. German Employment
Ouice, 306 Mason st.
"DKLIABLE COLORED GIRL, TAKK CARE
XV of on.- child. German Employment Office, 306
Mason s..
FFICK FKK REDUCED: 25 CTS.; Glßi^S OF
ail nationalities to fill various portions. Ger-
man Employment Office, 306 MasonjSU
Vy ANTED- FIRST-CLASS LADY SOLIO
"" itor, accustomed to advertising: salary. Ad-
dress, siatiug experience and references, W.,
box iOU, tli s office
IKARN DRKSSCOTTING AND MILLINERY;
■i easy payments; unlimited lcsons: patterns
25c. McDowell Dressmaking School, 630 Market.
ANTED -NEAT GIRL ABOUT 16 FOR
light housework: no children; $8 per month;
good home. A. A., box 103, C»U Office.
WANTED— CiMPETh NT GIRL FOR COOK-
ing and general housework; references re-
quired. Apply this morning at 1410 Filimore su
WANTED— STEADY, RELIABLE MAN FOR
position In country: must have $5 expense
money. Call after 10 a. m.. 9 Geary, room 2.
YOUNG PROTESTANT GIRL, ASSIST WITH
X housework. 210 Fair Oaks at, near Twenty-
third.
-\7"OUNG GIRL, ASSIST WITH HOUSEWORK;
X wages $5. 1030 Fair Oaks st.
WANTED-AN APPRENTICE AT DRESS-
TT making. Apply 1614 Powell sU
SF. DBEKSCUTTING SCHOOL— FRENCH
• tailur system taughu 916 Market it., rm. 64.
HFtP WAKTEP-ContlnnH.
F LYNN'S DRESSMAKING AND CUTTING
X Academy. 14 McAllister St.: $1 » week. ;:
dl c LARKIN-BRANCH OFFICE OF THK
\JLO Call: subscriptions and want ads. taken.
LAWRENCE CUTTING SCHOOL IS THE
-I only reliable place for patterns; ' every oue ■■
guaranteed to be perfec:. 1231 Market st.
\i OST CONVENIENT AND RESPECTABLE;
M Winchester House, 44 Third st.. near Market:
200 rooms; 26c to $151) per night: $1 60 to $8
per week: free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
m NINTH ST.-BRANCH OFFICE OF
XXDthk Call; subscription and want ads
taken.' .-. . ;-;:. . .■;■ __ ________— i .
male' help wanted. .
WANTED — 3 MILKERS, SAME RANCH,
VV $20: 2 pruners: farmers, $15: young farmer
to learn fruit-raising: m«n to raise 'nrkeyson
shares, and others. Apply to J. F. CROSEIT A
CO., 628 Sacramento st. . - . '
HELPER IN CARRIAGE MANUFACTORY,
$7 a week; Japanese boy. small hotel. MAii-
TIN'S. 749 Market st. .- ■
T\ISHW ABHER. $2 50 PER WEEK: YOUNG
XJ man for waiting, etc., $16 and room. MAR-
TIN'S, 749 Market st. - ■ '-■ ■ . ■ -
W ARD McL ANE.THE PAINTER, PLE ASK
Hi call. C. R. HANSEN & CO, 110 Geary st.
TO SHOEMAKERS— MUST HAVE A GOOD
man this morning; call early: constant job:
good wages to right man. WILLIS, 1608 Park
st, Alameda. .
ANTED-IN A FIRST-CLASS NOVELTY
TT act, an assistant who can loan $30: good
wages; investigate. Call 1749 Mission St., 2 o'clock.
Barber WANTED FOR Saturday
at 797 Mission St., near Fourth.
15 ARBER WANTED SATURDAY. 127^4
Xi Fourth st.
ARBER WANTED FOR SATURDAY AND
1 > Sunday. 609 Broadway.
GOOD BARBKB; $3: FOR SATURDAY. 203
Montgomery aye. .
GOOD BARBER WANTED. 1708 DEVISA-
dero st.
WANTED— A BARBER. 908*4 HOWARD
St.; Saturday and Sunday.
ANTED— A BARBER FOR SATURDAY
VV night and Sunday. 105 Fourth it.
Wanted — barber for Saturday.
TT 340% Third St. .
TXT ANTED- PRACTICAL TAILOR. 206 EL-
VV lia st.
/COMPETENT HAIRCUT! WHO UNDER-
\J stands ladles' balrcurling at 24 Geary st.
BAKBKRS, ATTENTION — A MaSS-MKET-
ing will be held Sunday, January 31, at 3 p.m.,
at 102 O'l'arrell st., to discuss the bill now in the
Legislature for the competency of barbers and the
abolition of the barbers' schools. -H. B. JEN-
NINGS, chairman of committee., -
CAREERS— FOR EMPLOYMENT CALL SEC.
D P. C. Barbers' Assn. S. FUOHS, 325 Grant ava,
TOURNEYMKN BARBERS' KMPLOVMEXT
0 secretary .H. BKRNARD, 102 beventh st.
mHKEF-CHAIK ' BAUBEK SHUP; 4 FINE
•L living-rooms; yard; also gas range for sale
cheap; owner going East; bargain. 408% Sixth st,
BARBERS-GOOD 3-CHAIR SHOP: MUST
be sold at once. DECKELMAIS BROS., 106
Ellis st. .
IJ AKBER WASHSTANDB, 1, 3 AND 3 BOWLS.
J> cheap. H. HUFsCHMIDT. 628 Golden Gate ay
FEW MORE MEN WANTED FOR THE NEW
-goods house to be opened next month in
this city: l y authority of the firm. U. S. Indus-
trial Agency, room 165, Crocker building. Also a
boy 16 or more to act as porter and deliver parcels.
ANTED— BUYKR FOR A COFFEE AND
VV lunch business: clears $100; business dis-
trict; price $350. A. M. SPECK A C0.^662 Mkt.
T>UTCHER-SHOP; CLEARING $100 PER
X> month; must be sold In 2 weeks: proprietor
engaged in other business by March 1. For par-
ticulars apply 1205 Broadway.
WANTED— TENANTS FOR VACANT
stores, flats and cottages, from $10 a month,
at A. M. bPKCK A CO.'S, 602 Market su
BRUNSWICK HOUSE, 148 SIXTH BT.: OPEN
1 ' all night; rooms 25c to $1 per night: $1 25 to
$6 per week. J. G. DUaKE, Manager.
\\r ANTED TO-DAY— MAN WILL-
V V ing to work and invest; $10 cash; $'20 weekly
guaranteed: ' also man with small capital as mana-
ger of branch office; good pay. 216 :-ansome, r. 12.
XXT ANTED— SALESMAN EXPERIENCED IN
VV school supplies. Whitaker-Kay C 0.,723 Markt
TYLISH AND DURABLE CALF SHOES
made to order, $2 50. 959 Howard, nr. Sixth.
TjiiCßUirS WANTED FOR THE U. 8. MA-
XV rine Corps, U. 8. Navy— Able-bodied unmar-
ried men between the ages of 21 and 3D years
who are citizens of the United Slates, or tbosa
who have legally declared ;helr intention to be-
come such: must be of good character anu habits
and able to speak, read and - write English and be
between 6 feet 5 Inches and 6 feet in height. For
further information apply at the Recruiting Office,
20 Kllis St., San Francisco, Cal.
lift NINTH ST. — BRANCH OFFICE OF
1 11) The Call; subscription and want ads.
taken.
LCHO HOUSE. 863% MARKET ST.— ROOMS
XX 20c, 25c to 50c night; $1 to $2 ween
or% MISSION — SUBSCRIPTIONS AND
— «) —I) want ads taken for THE CALL. ,gg?*j*g
POOMS 150 To 75c PU.R NIGHT; 500 TO $1 6U
XV per week. Oriental, 225 Drumm st.
INGLE FURNISHKD ROOMS; 16c A NIGHT:
0 75c week. Llndell House, Sixth and Howard.
WANTED— MEN. WOMEN TO LEARN BAR-
ber trade; only 8 weeks required : tools given:
catalogue sent. S.F. Barber School, IS B Vis Eighth st
WANTED— LABORERS AND MECHANICS
to know that Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprie-
tor, still runs Denver House, 217 Third sL: 15
Urge rooms; 250 per night; $1 to $3 per week.
WANT ADa AND SUBSCRIPTIONS FOR
Thk Call are taken at Branch office, south-
west corner Sixteenth and Mission sts.
\\T ANTED.TO COLLECT WAGES DUE LABOR
»V ers&clerka. KNOX Collection Aacr. 110 Sutler
or cys. MISSION BT.-BBANCH OFFICE OF
Z«J-jV) Tbh Call; subscriptions and want ads
taken. ■ ,
E SIMON WANTS 100 Mh-N TO GET BOT-
. tie beer or wine 6c; best free lunch. 643 Clay
TKY ACME HOUSK. »i>7 MARKET ST.. Bit-
-1 low Sixth, tor a room; l!se a night; $1 a week.
•pOSEDALE, 321 ELLIS ST.-SINGLE FUR-
XV nished rooms. 20c to 25c night, $1 to $1 60 wk.
E!>T IN SINGLE ROOMS, 15. 20 AND
25 cents per night: $1, $1 25, $1 50 per week.
Pacific House, Commercial and Leidesdorff sts.
WANTKD-AN IDEA: WHO CAN THINK OF
VV some simple thing to patent? Protect you
Mras: they may bring ;on wealth. Write JOHN
WKDDERBURN & CO., Dept. L, Patent Attor-
neys, Washington. D. C, for their $MUO fruw
ofier and list of 200 inventions wanted. s • '
TXT IN CHESTER HOUSE, 44 THIRD ST., NB.
V V Mancet: 200 rooms, 25c - a night: reading-
room: free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
ANTED-SINGLii, ROOMS, 16c A DAY; $1
week; rooms for 2. 25c a day. $1 50 a week;
reading-room: daily papers. 36 Clay awy' -'-.
1 (\l\ MEN TO TAKE LODGING AT 100, 150
IUU and 20c a night. Including coffee and roils.
024 Washington st. . near Kearny.
ANTED, YOUR SHOE!*— WE REPAIR
shoes up to 9 o'clock every night: those work.
tag through the day can have their shoes repaired
at night while you wait; lames' soling, 35c; men' l
■cling, 60c; tine shoes made to order from $2 up;
we have a lot of shoe* been damaged by water, at
less than one-fourth their value, from 26c up in .
$2 30. 662 Mission St.. bet. First s:. and Second st.
FURNITURE WANTED.
IF YOU WANT UOOI> PRICKS FOR FURNl-
ture and merchandise see BURD, 211 Larkln.
IP URN ITT RE, STOVES. CARPETS, COUN-
X ters, showcases. ANDERSON, 1121 Market.
"ITIGHER PKICK THAN ANYWHEKK PAID
XI Indians Auction C 0.1057 Market.opp.Jonei
by Indiana Auction C 0.1057 Market.opp.Jonei
HOUSES WANTED.
WANTED — COMPLETELY FURNISHED
house of 6 to 7 rooms In (rood locality by
small family; state price: ■ references exchanged.
H. D. TRACY, box 59. this office.
• BOARDING WANTED. *
YOUNG LADY > WANTS. bUNNY BOOM;
breakfast and dinner; reasonable walking dis-
tance of downtown. ' Z.. box 89, Call Office. . ",;• : :
WANTED-MISCELLANEOUS.
WANTED— DRY MILL: 2 TO 5 TONS HARD
rock. 65 Union st.
I>UILDINGS BOliOHT; LUMBER, BASHES/
X> doors, mantels, etc, for sale. 1166 Mission st.
ELL YOUR BOOKS, CLOTHING AND JKW-
elry to A. KLEIN. 109 Sixth St.; send postal.
HOTELS. : ; v . - . ■
BROOKLYN HOTEL, 208-212 BUSH ST.,
XJ board and room $1 to $2 per . day, ■ $6 to $13
per week; choice rooms 60 cents to $1: suite
looms for family $1 to 81 50 per night: first-class
service; tree coach. CHARLES MONTGOMERY
PERSONALS. ;
TV ANTED— THE PRESENT ADDRESS OF
VY the following owners of i lots in Railroad
Homestead Association John T. Burrell, Mary
I ocke Miller. Mary K. Bowers and Jane Martin.
CHAS. C. FISHER, 507 California St., S. F. .
THAN OF SO WISHES THE ACQUAINT-
M ance of young lady not over 25; object matri-
mony no trifler*. Address betore noon Monday,
R. & T., box 66. Call Office.
TNFORMATION WANTED OF THE WHERE-
I abouts of MKS. CELIA SIMMONS or her
dangtawr. KATE? Call or address A. SLMMONB,
925 Larkin st. , - " '
K. A DDIE SWAIN, FEMALE SPECIALIST;
consultation and examination free. 51 Fifth.
ADVICE FRKE: DIVORCE LAWS A BPEC-
ialty private: no fee without success; pro-
bate, insolvency, wills, collections, bills of sale,
damages, etc.; private detectives: estab. 10 years.
G.W.HOWE, at.y at- aw. 8&0 Mar*et,cor.Btocktn
BABY FOR ADOPTION. MRS. DR. FUNKE,
1416 Eighth St.. Alameda. ■■ -
"PRIVATE \ DETECTIVE! WORK DONE
X reasonable: 10 years' experience: all matters
strictly confidential. Address or call, 228 Steven-
son st. G. R. WEBSTER.
MKS. C SANCHEZ. ARTISTIC HAlR-
dresser and manicure. 614 Pine at, room 7.
HAVE YOU TRIED ' -.„„,
DR. SMITH'S ELECTRO - MAGNETIC
BATHS .
For those rheumatic ■ pains that cause yon so
much suffering? You . oon't need to suffer an-
other day. The curt* is simple, the remedy pleas-
ant and comfort always follows. One trial will
benefit you- Don't forget the place. . Hygienic
board and sunny rooms If desired. Come to-day
to 1533 BUCHANAN (ST. Consultation tree, 1 to
3 and 6 to 8; Sundays 10 to 1-.
MME. PEARL SHELDON, CARD READER,
has returned. Call after 12, r.17, 120 Ellis st
"WHAT IS THE USE, MR. LEDERER,"
VV said a lady, "of paying 50 cents to have one's
hair dressed only fairly, when you do it so excel-
lently for only 25 cents?" And that's what I say.
Shampooing the hair and treating the scalp with
QUINONIa hair tonic 60 cents. G. LEDJ2RER,
111 Stockton st "^ '^ •»
STUTTERING AND STAMMERING CURED;
obesity reduced upon new and scientific prin-
ciples. 1156 Broadway, Oakland, room 25.
T AURA DE FORCE GORDON. ATTORNEY
XJ at law. 1236 Market, over J. J. O'Brien'*.
ETROPOLITAN DETECTIVE PUREAU,
IVX p>»rrott building, over Emporium: offices, 540-
-541: hours 9 a m. to 12 p. m.: tele. Mint 1471.
DA IN TING. WHITENING, PAPERING,
X eta times are hard: must have work. F. ED-
WARDS, 1200 Webster st, cor. Eddy.
1 l\(\f\ CARDS, $1 50. SHOW CARDS. KTG
IUUU TeL Black 141. HILL, 22% Geary st;
fflO A DOZEN— FINE CABINKTd AT Wlir
«Jpl SON'S Gallery. 1028 Market
AT THE PEOPLE'S ONE DOLLAR MEDICAL
Institute, all cases treated and medicine* far.
nished for $1: call or write. 1029^ Mar*** Ms
bet. Sixth anil Seventh. San Francisco, CaL
con MONTGOMERY ST., BRANCH OFFICE
• '«- I of The Call; want ads and subscriptions
taken.
pARTINGTON'B SCHOOL- OF MAGAZINE
X and Newspaper Illustration: particulars as to
terms, etc 424' Pine st.; Illustrations tarnished
for magazines, newspapers, etc.
ARTISTIC HAIRD RESTING, 25c; $25 FOR
A cases of hair failing or dandruff I cannot core.
MBS. HUBBAAD, 1104 Market st, room 28.
rpHE ANIMATOSCOPK, THE PERFECT
J. screen machine. For price of band or motor
machines call or address Anlmatoscope company,
933 Market st, San Francisco, seventh floor.
DR. C E. FARNUM HAS MOVjSD TO THE
Parrott building, over Emporium, 3d fl., r. 303.
PUPTURE AND PILES CURED: NO PAY
XV until cured: send for book. DBS. Man*
FIELD & POKTKRFIELD. 838 Market st
MAGNISCOPE — NEW PROJECTING MA-
ll chine; uses the klnetoscope films; price $250.
BACIGALUPI, 946 Market si.
ALL PAPER, 4C A ROLL; PAPER HANG-
Ing, painting, etc, by contract or day's work, at
yonrown price. N.E. MEKIGAN. 1302 Webster st
L)IG OUTDOOR STERKOPTICON SHOW EVE-
-D ry night cor. Market and Sixth sts.; artistic ad-
vertisements in living light: promoters of bust-
ness. Consult OWL ADV. CO.. 1140 Market st.
ELFCTRIC LIGHTS IN EVERY ROOM:
Sh Winchester House. 44 Third st, nr. Market;
200 rooms, 25c to $1 50 per night: $1 50 to $8 per
week ; free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
AVK YOUR FEATKKK-BEDS AND PlL-
lows filled. McC.tBK'S, 870 Mission, cor. sth.
IVORCK AND ANNULMENT vl 1 MAR-
DIVORCK AND ANNULMENT U«" 3lAB-
rlage; terms of payment obliging: legal every-
where. ■ Address Jock box F, 9u6 Market st., a F.
pLOAKS. FURS AND SUITS RETAILED Ai
\J wholesale price*. Factory. 20 Sansome st
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, THJC WORLD'S MOST
famous medium of modern times. Don't fail
to see her If you are interested in the affairs of life;
if marriage, sickness, deaths, changes, travels, di-
vorces, separations, lawsuits, business transac-
tions, wills, deeds and mortgages, lost or stolen
property, lost or absent friends, interest you: If
you care to know what you should do to be suc-
cessful, where you should go and whom to avoid,
when to buy ana sell stocks, etc.; in a word, what-
ever may be your trouble, suspicions or desires,
call on this gifted woman and she will send you
away happier, wiser and bolder than ever before.
Hours 9a. m. to Bp. if., strict. N. B.— Satisfaction
guaranteed by mail. Send stamp for pamphlet,
special terms. MRS. DR. F. CLARK, 1206 Mar-
ket st. narlors 25 and 26. Take elevator.
MME. DR THOMAS. SCIENTIFIC RKVEAL-
er by eggs and cards; tells entire life, past,
present, tut ure: consultations on all affairs; noth-
ing excepted; names given; good advice: sura
help; restores lost love by sympathy; mistake im-
possible: fee $1; iett?rs2. 929 Post st, nr Larkin.
ME. PORTER, WONDERFUL CLAIRVOY-
i»I ant card-reader: born with double veil
and second sight; diagnoses diseases, with full life
reading: ladies, 50c: gents, $1; palmistry *nd
clairvoyant sittings, $1 50. 126 Turn St., nr Jones.
ALICE FAY. MEDIUM AND MAGNETIC
healer, permanent i'JB Seventh st, top flat.
MISB MELVINA, CLAIRVOYANT: PICTURE
i'l of future husband or wife. 60c 766Vs Howard.
ME. HANBEN, PALMIST, CARD-READER;
past, present and future; 25c. 148 6th, r. 6.
GYPSY LIFE - READER REMOVED TO 3
XX Seventh st , nr. Market; ladies 26c, gents 50c
ME. RAVEN A BEADS LIFE FLUENTLY ;
business advice; names given; 26c up.s Fourth
ME. MOREAU, BEST CLAIRVOYANT
and medium in city; fee 25c up. 764 Howard st.
CHITA RETURNED; WONDERFUL
\J card-reader. 138 a Fourth st., room 4.
\f ME. WALTERS OF TEHAMA: CARDS: LA
I>l dies, 250; gents, 50c. 961 Mission, nr. 6th.
MRS. DEAN— RETURNED; MEDIUM. AND
mental healer. 605 Post st, room 1.
■\f RS. B. BAUMANN, BEST-KNOWN CLAIB.
ill voyant in the city. Residence, 132 Turk at
ME. BYBILLK TKLLS FROM CRADLK TO
grave: pictures given : ladles 25c: 914 O*Fnrr«ll.
SPIRITUALISM.
cnc. 60c. 50c 60c.
OV Remaining 2 weeks only; the famous, world-
renowned gypsy queen will foretell your future,
guide your affections and secure you infallible
luck In love courtship and marriage: business
and mining investments a specialty; positive proof
of accurate predictions given to all. 1 Fifth, r. 1.
VI US. C. J. MEYER, CIR. TO-NIGHT, TUBS.,
m Wed. and Fri., 2p. U.i trance dr., Mon. and
Fri. eve., 25c; sittings dally. 326 McAllister st.
MMX. OSMAN, SPIRITUAL TRANCE MEDI-
-LT-i. urn; life readings, love affairs, business invest-
ments, mining speculations specialty. 838 Mission.
ME. YOUNG-TEST CIRCLE TO-NIGHT!
10c; fine music 418 McAllister st
TV I RS. FULTON: MATERIALIZING SEANCE
■m to-night: 6Uc; sittings daily. 31 Fell st.
JC. HANSEN'S PUBLIC TEST CIRCLE TO-
• night, 10c; skeptics invited. 107 Fifth st
MISS MAUD FOSTER, BUSINESS ME-
dium. room 8. 28y a -ixth st
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY. CLAIRVOYANT,
trance test medium & life reader. 218 Stockton
AM. FRANCIS, INDEPENDENT SLATE
• writer. 118 Haicht st; hours 9 until 6p. v.
MRS. JiLLIS, MEDIUM: SITTINGS.9 TO B, $1;
circles Tnes.. Fri.. 2p. it., 25c. 233 Valencia.
' . HYPNOTISM.
HYPNOTISM SCIENTIFICALLY TAUGHT:
success grtd.HvpnoticMesmericlns.6
PROFESSIONAL CARDS.
TOHN K. RICHARDS, LA OFFICES. KOOM-J
*) 556 and 27, Crocker buUcUu*; witpuoua Main
76, Ban Francisco, CaL:
TOHN H. AJTKKN AND MAURICE L. ASHKR.
O attya at law. rms 615.516. 6th fioor.ParroubUU
PHYSICIANS.
T|R. C. C. O'DONNELL, 1208 MARKET, COR.
XJ uoldenGate ay. -.diseases of women a specialty.
STORAGE.
STORAGE-CHKAPEST IN THE CITY; FIRE-
O proof building; advances made. - : 211 Larkln.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
p ROCERY AND BAR; 4 ROOMS; PRICK
VT $200. DECKER, 1020 Market st.
<B*QP»n STATIONERY, CANDY AND NoT
•4rO«JV/ ion store. DECKER, 1020 Market x.
■©I 9 X F I R S T-C L \SS RESTAURANT?
3HZO. H. C. DKLKKR, 1020 Markets"
IGHKST CASH PRICED PAID FOR FURNl-
ture, restaurant, saloon fixtures and ifrocer"
stocits. STENBEKQ CO.. 632 Market St.
mrnri saloon AND WINE cellar- op-
tSPO\J\J. Dosite theater; established many years-
sold on ac ount of old age. SI.h.NBKRG «fe '<•(»'
632 Market st. «•<-«.,
©OX A CORNER GROCERY AND B\R.
with living-rooms; half bloc* of Mq^
ketst.; rent $25, with lease; excellent eunncp fn\.
a man of energy. STKNBICRQ CO., 632 Market.
ARTNER IN WINE AND LIQUOR
ness: good outside trade; Germitn preferred-
litUe money. Call »20 Valencia st. » Jrele rred >
A PROFITABLE BCTCHEH- s7fOP~~wTrT;
fixtures; to rent cheap: a chance of alifi.
time; see It. 818 Greenwich st. * llfe^
WANTED-TO BUY A .GROCE^Y^TOrT
C^loffl°c 0 e?box r ltStaPd! "^ P^ aDd »« *•',
ASH JOBBING BUSINEBS TO EXCIT a
for city or country property. G box
Call Office. * U| box 7 1.
ITY ROUTE FOR SALe! APPLy~T^T^
Office. mis
"^I7K HOUSE, ] Q . ROOilSi FULL Off
i^l 10. good-paying roomers. 128y 2 Ninth su
mo TAILORS— A GOOD CHANCE TO BUY 7
1 good merchant tailoring business, with or with
out goods and trimmings on hand, or hall Interest
for a good cutter and tailor; located about thirty
miles from San Francisco; sickness cause of s-li-
Ing. Owner can be seen from 10 to 2 o'clock sun
day, January 31, 1897, at Brooklyn Hotel. '
<H>9nnn reliable partner wanted
tU!ZiUUU. to keep books; established pavim-
butcher business; bona fide Investment; owner
called East: principals only apply to owner ad-
ply this office. . r
OOD AND COAL yard OR MILK BUbf.
' » ness: stable. 9 stalls: fiat 5 rooms to let; low
rent; good location. 1915 Mission st.
Ot /in BRANCH BAKERY, NOTION
tJDIV. and 3 rooms: rent $10. Apply Call Office.
©I O- ■ CIGAR- STAND; RENT CHEAP-
<pl*^« parties leaving city. 1055 Market st.
UIRST-CLASS MILLINERY-STORE; GOOb
I location; 3 furnished rooms. 1037% Market.^
SALOON; A GOOD BUSINESS: GOOD RE A-
son for selling; no agents. M., box 40, Call.
FOR SALE— CORNER GROCERY AND BAR;
r . $250. Apply 121 Klghih si.
ft] P.n BRANCH BAKERY. NOTIONS;
tSPXtjyj. .furniture of 6 rooms; cheap rent; tine
location. Property Exchange, 850 Market st.
HALF INTEREST IN OLD-ESTABLISHED
business on principal street Address R. S.,
box 125, Call Office.
pENTLEMAN PARTNER .WITH SMALL
\JT capital wanted by young widow. 207 Post
st., room 8.
£./Tr CIGAR-STAND, WELL ESTABLISU-
«JT I O. Ed, nr. Market COLLIER, 806 Sansome.
O(\f\ RESTAURANT FOR SALE: DAILY
»]J)UV/V/. receipts 40; full trial given. 8., box
71, Call Office.
AN WANTED BY EASTERN LADY: UN-
dertake country business. 1 Fifth st., room I.
XPIiESS BUSINESS, COR. SANSOME AND
Hi Butter sts. J. C. FKKDERICK&.
Of 9/* MISSION — SUBSCRIPTIONS AND
-.0~.\.) want ads taken for Tim CiLU
flftir/^CASH; GOOD- PAYING RESTAU-
& 1 O\J rant; receipts from $15 to $20 a day.
Apply 948 Flilmove st., cor. McAllister.
ARGAIN; FIRST-CLASS RESTAURANT:
if sold this week; living-rooms; no agents.
X., box 18, Call Office.
pORNKR SALOON: OLD - ESTABLISHED
yj business. Apply Chloago Brewery, 1420 Pine.
Qi<O(\(\ BUYS HOTEL AND BAR: RENT
«JD^\»U $12. 2521 Twenty-fourth st., near
Potrero aye.; car stops.
/"I OOD-PAYINO COUNTRY HOTEL TO RENT
\Jt at reasonable terms MRS. A. SIDWE ..L,
Rio Vista, Solano County, CaL
FOR SALE— ON ACCOUNT OF SICKNESS;
fine corner saloon and roominz- hotel. Capitol
Hotel, Eleventh and Franklin sis., Oakland.
JUNE BASEMENT SUITABLE FOR ANY
business; one block from Market 15 Grant aye.
T ATEST CARFKXDKK PATENT: BEST IN
XJ ventlon. Apply 623 Golden Gate aye. '
p kin ting material for sale cheap
X at 8 Montgomery aye., room 14.
•VTEWSPAPER ROUTE IN INTERIOR CITvA
xi close to San Francisco. For particulars apply I
this office. ■^ ." )
090 HAVES— BRANCH OFFICE OF THE
000 Call: subscriptions and want ads taken.
LODGING-HOUSES FOB SALE.
DECKER'S BARGAINS
27-room house $7001 22- room house... $500
lOroom house.. 150 24 rooms, corner. 7&0
65 rooms, cor... 3,11001 14 rms on Slitter. 709
11 rs., must sell 20 «) 66 rms, best city .3,500
H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market St., opp. Fifth.
<5j9C/\ HOUSE OF 10 SUNNY ROOMS;
*]p — O\J * north of Market; clears $35 over ex-
penses. STENBERG CO., 632 Market st
MUST SELL AT ONCE; 14-ROOM, NEWLY
furnished; all rented, bll Van Ness are.
9Q-ROOM HOUSE AT A BARGAIN ON AC
-jO count of change of business. 11 Eddy sU
BARGAIN: $750: NICKLY FURNISHED
sunny rooming-house 9 rooms, bath. Geary.
FURNITURE FOR - SALE.
A MONEY-RAISING BALE— 3O DAYS ONLY.
Bedroom sets, 3 pieces $9 50
Solid oak dining chairs : 75c
4- room furniture outfit $67 50
Brussels carpet, laid 55c yard
SHIitEK <fc sHIREK, 747 Market St., opposite
Grant aye.
A(\(\ CARPKTS; CHAMBER BKT& $H:
IvU stoves, $5: parlor gets. $20: folding-bedv
$10; bar outfits. T. D. McCarthy, 764 Mission.
AT L. J. NEUMANN'S, 117 SIXTH. FOR
lowest prices on household poods: new or good
as new; caa.i or on time; open evenings.
BUCKINGHAM FURNITURE CO.— LOWEST
D prices; furniture, carpets: all trades. 866 Albs' n
CARPET CLEANING.
PITY ST&AM CARPET CLEANING WORKS;
\J deans, moves, lays carpets. G. H. STEVEN*
Mgr, 88 and 40 Eighth St.; telephone South 250.
HEN YOU BECOME DISGUSTED WITH ,
poor work send toSPAULDING'S Pioneer Car-
pet-beating Works, 353-67 'f ehama St.; teL So. 43.
T WATTS, reliable carpetcleanlug renovtg. alter-
J . atlon works. 40» McAllister, lei. Jessie 321.
/CARPETS CLKANED* RENOVATED Uttß
new. 23 Tenth; ML South US. Mackintosh <fe cV
X E. MITCH KLL, CAR PET-CLEAN INU C&S
J . 240 14th su : cleaning 3c a yard. Tel. Mi* 74,
/-■(ARPET-CLKANINO, 3c; LAYINU, 8c: KUU
\J sampkM free; tel. Jessie 944. Str&lton, 198 th su
ONKLIN'S CARPET- BKATING WOKKi
333 Golden Gate nve. Telephone .-'. ast 126.
FOR SALE-MISCELLANEOUS.
LADY HAS 2 RUNNING HORSES TO Dis-
pose of: will take trade; piano preferred.
HALL, box 104, Cail Office.
IrtOß SALE— FIRST-CLASS BUTCHER'S ICE-
-1 chest; one-third value. 1819 Devisalero st
BARGAIN— 1896 RAMBLEKTANDEM; GOOD
condition: *60. Audreys * box 18. CalL
FOR SALE— A COMBINATION BILLIARD-
tabIe, complete In first-class order: price #150,
cost $36 J Apply room 120, Phelan building
FINE GORDON SETTER DOG, 8 MOB. OLD.
X FREDERICKS Exuress,* Sutler and Sansocie.
A MATKUR FONTS OF TYPE AND CASES,
xL 60 cents. 8 Montgomery aye., room 14.
NEW ELM WOOD RANGES ARE THE BEST.
x\ W. S. RAY MFG. CO, 12 California st
BOILERs,ENGINES,aD-HAN »' MACHINERY
water-pipes. Mclniosb A Wolpman, 137 Beat*.
DABS, BACK BARS, iIIKROP.S. SHOW-
*-> cases, .counters, linoleum, office furniture,
store and office furniture and fixtures, new and
second hand. J. N> <)NA>, 1017-1019-1021-1023
Mission S-, above Sixth. .
AKS, SCALES. MIRROR*. FRENCH
ranges, etc.. bought, sold. MKEK, 1118 Mission.
NATIONAL CASH KEUIsTKR, GOOD OR-
der; also large folding-door safe. 8 Mission M.
COFFEE MILL. SCALES, LETTER T\KE?-A
\J stand desk, money till, safe; cheap. 102 CUT.
BARS, SHOWCASES, COUNTERS',. HHBLV-
Ing, etc., bought and sold. 1063 Mission, nr.7th.
ONE SMALL BtKUIUM AND LARGE-SIZES
fire and burglar proof safe. 109-111 Market at.
SEWING MACHINES.
ALL KINDS BOUGHT, SOLD. EXCHANGE*
rented .repaired; lowest rate*. -05 FourtbHOUSES TO LET.
JONES W. SIDE, BET. JACKSON AND PA-
«J cme -Neat sunny bav-wlndow bous ; 2 stories:
8 rooms and bath: in good order; cars handy: rent
low to a good tenant. Apply to «. S. API _ CO.,
Real Kstate Agen s, 415 Montgomery st,
I- ROOMS, BATH AND LAUNDRY. SUNNY
/ i side of Glen Park ay. : In excellent repair and
1 very a tractive; $; 0. DEMPSTER, 36 Glen Park
7 aye., Off Twelfth St.
"AOA JACKSON— LARt.E Bi'l^ X BUILDING.
lOi suitable for storage or wholesale purposes;
concrete basement: newly renovated. .> ppiy L.
C BABIN, 413 Kearny si.
"PLACES TO LET AND FOR SALE IN ALL.
X par of the city. PATTERSON _ Co., 2
Valencia st.
1 /in 1 LEAVEN WORTH, NBA R WASHING-
IiUi ton— 9 rooms aud bath; $30.
QJA 1731 BROADWAY, NKAH GOUGH— B
£pTIU. rooms; every convenience: marine view.
TO LKT— IOBO PINK ST.: 2-sTOR"Y HOUSE,
10 rooms. rath, newly renovated: Nob Hill.
Inquire on premises.
/GREATLY KEDLCED RENT TO -STEADY
° \JT tenant: newly .renovated; painted; cabla
passes, 707 Mason st.
OUSE OF 4 ROOMS (REAR), 1310 LARKIN
St. Apply 1318 Lark in st.
Qm*) P\A RK NT REDUCED: SUNNY
jus»J_.c»V/. bouse 7 rooms, bath; modern, .914
tills St., near Van Ness aye. •
©1 A HOUSE OF 4 NICE ROOMS, 77 FEET
i~7!l\J. from cor. California and Hy Jests.; water
and ashes free. ■ Inquire 13-8 California st.
HOUSE OF 9 SUNNY ROOMS, COB. PIERCE
JJ. St. and Elm aye., nr. Turk: $3.' 50.
BAD TENANTS EJECTED: $3. SMITH,
-L> collector, 14 McAllister St.. rooms .10-11.
0!«9n 2814 LAGUNA: HOUSE 6 BOOMS.
qp<£l/. $16— 1835 Union; corner; 4 rooms.
$14— Union; 4 rooms. •
5 ROOMS; &33b SKCGNIi " ST.;- $16 PER
month. Key at 539 -econd st. •
7 ROOMS; 637b SECOND' bT.;.$l7 PER
• month. Key at 539 Second st. '
5 ROOMS: NEW HOUSE; MODERN IM-
provements- 45 Federals:.; $15 per month to
desirable tenants. Key at 539 -second su
TTOUSES 1O BKKT i'Uit V£K.V LITTLK
XX money at Bal-I^vV-I^ - iiAJklMOM»'dl lj
V nntromerv. »t. .■
~M COTTAGES TO LET.
' 1 P\99 TURK— COTTAGE 4 ROOMS: ALSO
1 OS. _• 3 rooms rear; large stable.
C«7 AND $9: COTTAGES;" 3 AND 4 ROOMS;
«Jp I good order. Apply on premises, 945 Bryant
Bt.; or G. H. UMBSEN & .CO., 14 Montgomery st.
'. ' SUNNY COTTAGE: 5 BOOMS; BATH; BA-E-
-• O meDt: yard; rent cheap. Do. ores and Fifteenth
° " fl»1 C NICE COTTAGE 6 ROOM'S: 'BATH:
0 O. gunny; yard: cellar. Key 711 Treat aye.
- . FLATS TO LET;
' © 1 fTToNVEK FLAT.4 ROOMS,! CLOSETS,
«S5Xv/. patent closet, basement, yard: water
free. 364 Precitaave., t-et. Folaom and Harrison sts.
HAI-B ELLIS, COR. POLK-LIGHT, NEW,
* • ,t iX lower flat: 7 rooms .and uath; 920.
/.ip- McALLIsTER-FLAT OF 7 ROOMa AND
UXO bath: terms reasonable. . ■
-i AQI VAN NESS A YE.-FURNISHED FLAT
lU—l of 6oe S rooms to let.' _______
1 COP GROVE- -FLAT OF 3 ROOMS AND
XDOD bath; $7.
SUNNY FLAT OF 4 ROOMS AND BATH;
$13; no children. 6*o Turk St.. rear.
Oil 4 ROOMS; LARGE YARD. 1017%
«^ll . Union St., bet. Jon>-s and Xeavtnworth.
A l<-E FLAT OF 6 ROOMS; BATH AND MOD-
IS' crn conveniences,' reasonable rent. 421 Lyon
Bt., near Hayes. * .. |_^
TTI>PE,R AT; 4 ROOMS: BATH; MODERN
° ' U improvements; on Twelfth St.: $20.
" . Lower fiat: 5 rooms; bath; laundry; front and
rear yards for flowers; $22 60.
four sunny ro >ms and hath on Glen Park aye. ;
second floor; $15. DEMPSTER, 36 Glen Park
five-, off Twelfth st.
HAVES. BET. WEBSTER AND FILLMORE:.
3 rooms and bath; rent low to a good tenant;
key there; rent »8. Apply to CS. CAPP —CO.,
Real Estate Agents, 415 Montgomery si.
AFH AYE., BET. LAGUNA AN D BUCHANAN
8 A. sts.: new fliat: 4 rooms and bath. Apply to
C. B. CAPP&CO., Real Estate Agents, 415 Mont-
gomery st.
aiq HYDK— THK MOST ELEGANT FLAT
t/lOln ihe city: 8 rooms, bath, butler's pantry,
etc.; 5 minutes from Kearny or >■ arket sts.; $50.
t Apply .MADISON 4 BURKE, 626 Market st.
I 4 SHTON & GARDINER, 411 MONTGOMERY
I . L sU— l233 Dupont St., s uth ofVallejo; 8 rooms
' and bath: newly papered and painted; rent $20.
3 OWER AT; 6 ROOMS AND BATH: MOD-
j crn improvements; rent moderate. 1806 o'Far-
rell St., near sterner.
on/-' ARMY ST.. NEAR SANCHEZ — 2
00 i O modern flats; 5 and 6 rooms: $15, $16;
new. ;
T7LEGANTLY FURNISHED FLAT IN THE
J-i sunny belt of the Mission; to a permanent,
respectable tenant: the rent will only be $20 per
. mouth. Apply to KiNG <fc HonNBLOWER, at-
torneys-at-law, cor. LarKin and McAllister sts.
1-1 |>) LEAVENWORTH, NR. CALIFORNIA
1 X I ."> — 4 sunny basement rooms; rent $10; in-
cluding water.
ATKAV SUNNY UPPER FLAT: 4 ROOMS; 8176
— \ 25th, cor. Folsom. J. A. ULRICH.4I Crocker bl.
GJQ FLAT. 4 KOOMS. 28 BITCH. ST., BET.
VO . Harrison aud Foisom.
1 Z.l Ql MISSION ST.. NEAR ELEVENTH—
1 tJJL O'> Bay-window flat: 6 large, sunny rooms;
bath; laundry: rent, $22.
HANDSOMK, SUNNY, NEW, 4 ROOMS; ALL
modern; cheap rent. 2927 bacramento st.
VTICK SUN NY FLAT: 6 ROOMS; BENT
li cheap. 1 307 Pacific st.
(J.-1 4 UPPER FLAT 6 ROOMS*. BATH; COR-
Cli, ner. Apply Twenty-fourth and Florida:
grocery.
719 FRANKLIN— BUNNY FLAT, 8 ROOMS;
11)1 all modern improvements. Next to cor. of
Golden Gate aye.
tf[;9M BEAUTIFUL FLAT OF 6 ROOM*;
•^ _. ' / . bath and all conveniences. 625 Vallejo.
-1 Of\C) STEINER^-LOWER SUNNY FLAT
X DU—i of 6 rooms; modern improvements.
-1 Af\Q CALIFORNIA, NEAK HYDK— NICE
X rIUO sunny flat, 5 rooms ai.d bath; rent. $26.
SUNNY FLAT; 4 LARGE ROOMS AND BATH,
inquire lei 0 Jackson st.
Ql 7 DORE— FLAT OF 4 SUNNY ROOMS;
OX I rent $9. . ,■
W. COR. AC IMC AND HYDE: NICE BUN-
ny flat; 7 rooms; bath; unfurnished.
i-EOuM FLAT: FEDERAL PLACE, OFF FED-
-4 eral St.; to a tenant without children; $10 per
i month. Key at 639 second St. . . •
A /HEAP MODERN FLATS, 6 AND 6
"^i- rooms, $8 to $16; see them. 523 Seventh st.
FLAT: 6 ROOM SAND BATH: SUNNY BELT:
$15 per month; i!B10y 2 Mltsion st. Apply 844
Cappst.
Q> 1 Q AND $20; MODERN FLATS, 5 AND 6
0 I O rooms. 94 and 96 Belcher su, near & end
Flllmore.
flj.-l 1 LOVELY SUNNY FLAT 5 ROOMS.
VXt. bath and gas. 3928 Nineteenth St., bet.
Noe and Sanchez.
FLATS TO tUCNT toll VKBY _ ITTLK
money at balDWI.\ _ »a_— ONI/an 10
— Onteomery st.
A WEEK'S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS — T]_9
x\. WEEKLY CALL. In wraocer. for mailing. ~
HORSES. .
Af\ HORSES FOR SALE; ALSO WAGONS,
iv buggies, carts, harueas; Grand Amide Horsa
Market, 327 bixthsL: auction sales every Wed-
nesday. bULLIVAN & DO* LE. Auctioneers.
'I'Hh EMPORIUM SALES i ARDS. 220 VA.
1 lencla su, is the place to go If you want to boy
cell or exchange horses, buggies, wagons or has-
ness; auction sales every Saturday at 11 o'clock.
F.A HEAD OF HORSES SUITABLE FOR ANY
O\J business from 900 to 1500 pounds. Old Turk-
st. car BUb.es, 1801 Turk; must be sold.
t\(U\ bET NEW AND btCONb-HANIi HaE-
*J\J\J ness: all kinds: buggy. wagon, carts, surrey
— rockawar; 40 cheap torses. 15th and Valencia.
<)-HOR-iK IXPRI-SS WAGON; IN GOOD OR-
—^ der: cheap. 1619 -fission si.
KA HEAD DRIVING AND WORK HOUBE3;
O\J weight 1000 to 1700 bs. 862 Howard st.
(WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
YEW ANDSKCOVD-HAND BAKHR. LA UN-
i " dry and milk-wacon; also fine top buggy and
rockaway. BZB H arrlson st. ■ .•■-'■
BICYCLES.
■VTKW STEARNS BICYCLi-; USED ABOUT 6
Xi tines; for sale terribly cheap if sold at once.
616 Geary st.
BEN HURS, BRAND NEW, $46; BARGAINS
In stcoud-tiand whee s. DAVIS BROS.,
cycle department, 26 Geary at. ' '
HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS.
Broadway.
Af\O BROADWAY— HOU HEKEEPING
TtUO rooms nicely furnished; also single rooms
— Uiilt Stroe .
OKOCi BUSH-TWO NICELY FURNISHED
—O — U sunny front rooms for housekeeping.
Eddy Street. '
91 Q EDDY-2 LARGK FURNISHEDSUNNY
ZlO rooms for hous keeping. $14; also single,
$4.
C(\- EDDY-2 SUNN" ROOMS: RUNNING
OUI water: compete; light housekeeping.
-1 - EDUY-LAHOK ALCOVE; 2 CLOSETS:
i 10 gasand bath: light housekeeping.
tills Street.
OCA ELLIS-2 ALL ROOMS FURNISHED
OO\) for hous keeping; in lear; cheap.
* lit 11 Street.
, f\rr FIFTH — PLEASANT UNFURNISHED
1 U I rooms o let,
iOP! FIFTH— FRONT ROOM AND KITCH-
tr-iCu en; completely furnished for housekeep-
ing. ___
loliom Street.
5- pT FOLSOM— LARGE NEATLY FURNISH-
_ D <rd room; light housekeeping. $1 60 week.
,jfl Golden Gate Avenue. - ■"
99Q GOLDEN GATE AYE— 3 SUNNY BOOMS
*__ complete: gas; bath; other rooms.
Cfl'J GOLDEN GATE AYE.— ROOM *6; TWO
CUO housekeeping rco.i.s, #15.
Grove Street. •
■I 90 GROVE — TWO CONNECTING SUNNY
1 — U housekeeping rooms; also others.
Hyde Street.
r-l -i HYDE — 2 UNFURNISHED HOUSE-
OX I keeping rooms; sunny yard; private fam-
ily; reasonable. ' •- '."
' ■;- • i-arkln S roe..
ACfO LARKIN— NICELY FURNISHED SUN-
*t£V ny rooms for housekeeping, with grate,
running water; terms to suit the times.
* _ .eavenworth Street.
99C LEAVENWORTH — LARGE UlfFUR-
—— O nisbed front room; runuiug water; chil-
dren; $10.
Lewis Street.
-■ n LEWIS. OFF TA YLOR, NEAR POST—
ID $11; large furnished room and kitchen com-
plete; s.ove. "
Market Street.
O-A MARKET. COR. STOCKTON— NICELY
COU furnished front suites; suitab.e for light
housekeeping; terms reasonable.
j. inn,. >trw«..
~*n MINNA — FURNISHED ROOMS FOR
04D housekeeping.
Mission Street.
1 f\PQ MISSION— CLEAN, CHEAP ROOMS,
XUUO with stoves, $6 and up; also housekpg.
•1 999 nllSSlON— back AND front PAR-
-1 ___ lors; housekeeping: gas: stove.
. ' Montgomery Street.
£9*7 MONTGOMERY, COR. CLAY — OPEN
£)_■ I until 9:3 o'clock; branch office of Tee
C all; subscriptions and want ads taken.
>aioma Street.
QT NATOMA - 2 NICELY FURNISHED
OX front rooms for housekeeping; $2 25 a week;
$9 monthly.
nf\- NATOMA— 2 OR 3 FURNISHEDFRONT
DUu rooms for housekeeping; hot water; single.
—
New Montgomery street.
-I /-Jpf NEW MONTGOMERY — FRONT FUR-
XUO nished housekeeping suites, $1 50, $1 75.
.Ninth Street.
91 BAY-WINDOW SUITE; FUR-
Zl nlshed for light housekeeping; stove; run-
ning water.
til til S-reot.
II C A SIXTH, COR. MINNA— 3 OR 4 FINE
, JL JLc) sunny rooms, furnished complete for house-
keeping, with use of piano.
iiijior street.
91 f\ i AYLOR- 2 SUNNY ROOMS: FUR-
iiU'J- nished: use of kitchen: rent reasonable.
1 ebama Street.
\C\n TEHAMA —TWO WELL-FURNISHED
IJL O rooms for housekeepinK. $8; no children.
iliint Stree;.
OAQ THIRD— SUNNY SUITE. FURNISHED
OUt/ front rooms, housekeeping; $10 and $12.
Twentieth Street.
Q£>99 TWENTIETH. NKaR VALENCIA— 2
OOm^ sunny rooms furnished for housekeeping.
ROOMS TO LET.
California Street.
mHE VICTORIA. NW. COR. CALIFORNIA
X and Hyde— Newly furnished rooms: suite or
single; rents reasonable: dining-room to rent.
Clay Street.
3 UNFURNISHED ROOMS TO LET FOR
housekeeping; rent moderate. 1249 Clay st.
Eddy Street.
/.in ELEGANT PARLOR FLOOR;
Din unturnished; bath; hot and cold water;
good location.
f-J Q EDDY- LARGE FRONT BaY-WINDOW
DJL J room; large sunny back room; large clos-
ets. ■ ■
i lUli* Street.
POYAL HOUSE, 126 ELLIS — INCANDER-
JLV cent lights in every room; reading-room, con-
taining daily papers: "smoking-room and ladle*'
uarlor; open all night; rooms per night, 35c to
$1 SU: week, $2 to $8: month. $8 to $30; fire es-
capes; elevator on office floor; annex of 65 rooms
cow ready: hot and cold water In each room: batus.
rrHB ItAMONA, 130 ELLIS, MRS. KATE S.
X HART, manager— A quiet hou-"e: centrally lo-
cated; newly furnished; elevator; hot cold water.
79 1 ELLIS— LARGE SUNNY BOOM, BUiTA-
I — 1 ble tor 1 or 2; real $7.
Eighth Street.
QHERMAN APABTMKNT HOUSE. 28 STH
0 st., near Market: furnished and unfurnished.
.Fifteenth, Street.
1 £QP» FIFTEENTH, CORNER VALENCIA—
LVJVO Sunny flat; 3 rooms; bath; $15 a month.
i uiion Street. . .
3 FULTON '(FULTON HOUSE), OPP. CITY
Hall— Elegant suites: Mingles; transient.
Utary Street.
1 9AI GEARY— ELEGANTLY FURNISHED
X— <v/£ rooms; en suite or single.
Q-| 7 GEARY— LARGE FRONT ALCOVE;
OX I furnished tor 2or 3 persons : reasonable.
ci Q GEAKY— bUNNY BACK PARLOR; USE
• )1O of piano; running water; other rooms;
board.
n(\<.) G ARY, NEAR JONES— LARGE FUR-
Uv/_ nisbed rooms; $7; private family.
Golden Gate Avenue.
91 Q GOLDEN GATE AYE. — PLEASANT
_ ■ J O xunny single and double rooms; moderate.
Howard Street."
X 4(\ HOWARD ST.— SUNNY FURNISHED
O~i'J rooms, single, $1 per wee*; double, $1 75.
/•9Q HOWARD ST.— SUNNY DOUBLE AND
DZO single rooms with gas and bath; reason-
able. ■:
Q9Q HOWARD — FRONT ROOM, UN*UR-
O*-») nuhed, grate and bath; also front room,
furnished.
IJW'O HOWARD CORNER SIXTH— MCELY
• *C» ' iurnl«hed suites, $3 50 a Week; single beds,
$1 -5 to $1 60; doable, $1 60 to $2 60 a week.
Ivy Avenue.
OAQ IVY AVB., NEAR FRANKLIN ST.—
Out) Nicely furnished front 100 m; German fam-
ily; $4 month. • ■ -
Bessie street.
f'9l 1 JESSIE, EAR SEVENTH— 4 ROOMS;
I)ZXa ren $9.
/.r, , JESSIE— 2 FLOOR* OF 3 NICE ROOMS;
DOU unfurnished: rent $11 and $12.
J onei street.
')(\7 .IONEB-THK VAN WINKLE. NEW
—U I management; elegant sunny suites and
single: newly furnished: bath, etc.: $10 to s3o.
Kearuy Street, ;
A ULINGTON HOU-^E, 127 KEARNY —
.2— Pleasant sunny rooms, en sulie and single; first
class In ever respect: term< reasonable.
ViWAVhMi; HOUSE, 904 KEARNY ST.,
1> corner Jackson— single , rooms 16, 20, 25. 60
cents per night; special rates per week or month.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JANUARY 30, 1897.
ROOMS TO LET- Continued.
Lurliin Street.
QO7 LARKIN, CORNER GOLDEN GATE
O—* i aye.— Pleasant furnished or unfurnished
sunoy rioms •
Lily A venufc.
TOO LILY AYE. — NICELY FURNISHED
J.OO front single room: cheap.
31aiket Street.
VOSEMIT*: HOUSE. 1045 MARKET — TER
1 nirht. SBe to $1 : week. SI 60 10 *5: famlll««.
McAllister Street. ■
99A1 MCALLISTER— NICELY FURNISHED
— U-,: rooms; also housekeeping rooms; rent
len son a c. .• . . -
Q,l 9 MCALLI~TER-OFFICE< AND KOOMS
Ot — to let; Golden Gate Dye Works.
A-\ »; McALi.ISTER-FLAT 1; NICELY FUR-
* 1— nisned siijgle and double rooms; all mod-
ern: cheap. .
Xl <1 MCALLISTER— FURNISHED ROOM,
UK 02 with conveniences rent $6 bo a month.
—Unna Street.
/4QI MINNA, BET. FIFTH AND SIXTH—
li) I Mcely furnished front rooms; $3 a month
and up; hoi and cold water baths. _,:■,'. \i
. Mission street. i . ...
HANCOCK HOUSE, 781 MISSION: SELECT
XI family rooming-house: $1 50 to.s6 per week.
-l fir MISSION — LARGE SUNNY ROOM
IUt)«J with grate: small room adjoining, if de-
sired: cheap.
iSiitom:* Street.
(•A rfATOMA— FURNISHED SUNNY FRONT
D^r rooms: reasonable.
Ninth Street.
C)(\ NINTH, NEAR M A RKET —FR O N T
*iU suites and singles for 1 or 2 persons; grate,
gas: running water: light housekeeping.
"I 99 NINTH— NEW, CLEAN FUR ISHED
X— — i sunny rooms, suites or single, reasonable.
i oik Street.
1 nr\z. polk, NE~t putter — nicely
I^UlI furnished front room: terms reasonable.
lost Street.
7I Q POST-2 FURNISHED STNNY CON-
I JO neciin.- rooms: terms reasor able.
7-1 r POST (UPSTAIRS)— 2 FRONT ROOMS;
Hi) furnished; reasonable; permanent parties.
loivell Street.
TV ILLISFORD - 212-214 POWELL- NEWLY
* » furnished rooms.
90 C POWELL, CORNER GEARY— NICELY
--_«) inrnished large sunny corner room.
hecond Street.
07 SECOND — WEBB HOUSE: KLEG ANT
O I furnished rooms. MRS. LINDSAY, Prop.
Sixth Street. ;
QQ SIXTH — QUIET RUNNY ELEGANT
00 rooms; ill conveniences; fireproof building.
949 SIXTH— LARGK FRONT ROOM WITH
— 1— ■ fireplace;, $6 per month.
Beventn Street.
"I A 9 SEVENTH ST., GIRARD HOUSE— ELE-
-1 -i— gant furn. suites, kitchen; also single rooms
Stockton street.
rpHE EUROPEAN, 17 STOCKTON ST.— FUR-
X nlsbed rooms, en suite or single: hot, cold water
In every room: baths: elevator; transient solicited.
-\ Al (' STOCKTON - NEWLY FURNISHED
l*lxU rooms; also 2 for offices; in a new hov e.
Sutter Street.
CArt SUTTER, COR, POWELL— SUNNY FTJR-
tH'U nlshed or unfurnished rooms. Tel. main
6376.
Taylor Street.
IAQ TAYLOR— SINGLE SUNNY ROOMS,
JUJ $1 50; double, $175, etc; parlor suite
cheap.
119 TAYLOR — UNFURNISHED SUNNY
1 1— 1 suite, rent $12; single rooms $2 a week up.
1 1 r TAYLOR ST — HANDSOMELY FUR-
I I nlsheci suite, privilege of light housekeep-
ing, $20; also single.
Tenth Street.
IAQ TFNTH ST.— SUNNY BAY-WINDOW
lUt/ rooms; grate and bath; reut reasonable.
r'\.::r ... Un >«•■ A venue.
Q/V) VAN NESS AYE. —2 - NICELY FUR-
O\J£ nished sun y rooms; $8 and »10 a month.
(K\ A* VAN NESS AVI-.— NICELY FCRNIBH-
-01*32 ed rooms; $6 and $8; gentlemen only.
Miscellaneous.
9 UPPER FRONT BOW-WINDOW SUNNY
— < rooms: suite or single: grate: near Oak and
Pierce. Address J. B , box 2, CalL
SW. COR. SIXTEENTH ST., NEAR MISSION:
0 branch office of The Call. Subscriptions and
want ads taken.
BOARDING AND ROOMS.
9-1 (\l\ CALIFORNIA— LEG A N T RESI.
— X \J\) dence: hot, cold water in every room : fur-
nace; table n st class: excellent service; telephone.
rAT GEARY, COR. TAYLOR fF.L MONTE)—
O\f I I more sunny suite wi h bath to rent on
reasonable terms; first-class board.
TIT ANTED— WOMAN OR GIRL TO SHARE
'» front room and kitchen; board If desired; 912
per month. 925 Harrison st.
rAO VAN NESS AYE HANDSOME PAR-
«JU— lor sunny suite; board optional.
■\TICE SUNNY ROOM WITH BOARD; BUIT-
i-> able for 2 young men. 712 Post st.
■I fIQ7 POST— BUNNY ROOMS WITH BOARD.
IUO I
rpHE MENTONB, POWELL, COR. SACRA-
J. mento— Pleasant sunny rooms; modern con-
veniences: choice • tab.c: bay view; bomelUe
place: references.
DAOVAK NESS AYE -ELEGANT SUNNY
OUO rooms, en suite or single; excellent table.
Qni LEAVENWORTH — SUNNY CORNER;
OUi suites, single; excellent table; rales mod.
r r\(\ EDDY. COR. HYDE— SUNNY SINGLE
O\J\J room, with or without board; terms mod.
BOARD $15: ROOM TO SUIT: FIRST-CLASS;
JD central. Address box 1)., Call Office.
79X PINK (KENOVA) — NEWLY FUR-
-1 _)O nlshed suites and single rooms; service
strictly first class; references.
A 07 GEARY-2 NEWLY FURNISHED SUN-
"iO 1 ny suites, with board; terms moderate,
' 997 GfeARY-NICKLY FURNISHED BOOMS.
— — 1 suite or single; first- class dining-room; good
table: excellent service. ■  ... • ,-> .
A A SIXTH ST.— THE MANCHESTER; ELK-
Titt gant furnished- sunny rooms; fine table board.
A-l 9 EDDY— LOVELY SUNNY PARLORS
11Z and other rooms, with board; $20 up.
HOTEL BKBTLINO. 714 B SH-A FAMILY
hotel: references; all modern conveniences.
A WEEK'S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS — TH»
*\ WEEKLY CALL. in wrapper, for mailing.
STORES TO LET.
1771 ELLIS— BHOESTORK TO LET; BENT
X I I X cheap; established 10 years. * .
■VTOBTHEAST CORNER PACIFIC AND SAN-
i-i some sis.; hand some large corner store; cheap.
ffl.9- STORE. 3 ROOMS, LIGHT CELLAR.
tji—ic). 1128 Howard si., near Seventh.
! A 1 Ci FOURTH— SMALL STORE WITH ROOM
iID In rear: low rent. Apply to G. H. U_ JBSEN
& CO., 14 Montgomery st. !S__S_iB___B
BARBEK-iiHOP. WITH BATHS: K3TAB-
XJ lished 16 years:' $18 per month; key at 639
i-econd st, ■■•-. - -.- ..- •■:■■: .
1 aipenter-«hop; $7 per month. 6 De Boom St.;
key at 539 Se ood it.
P umbing-sbop; $4 per month. 3 De Boom st»;
key at 539 second m.
CorniTS-ore, 631 second st.; $14 per month;
key at 539 Second st.
T LOW BKNT— PART Oc' bTORiS AND
basement. 824 Post st. - _
OFFICES TO LET. ■
nrA MARKET, COR. STOCKTON— NICELY
Ot)U furnished front, sunny suite: cheap. ■.. .
(9/< SUTTEK— HANDSOMELY
'i—O light 1 arlors and offices tot physicians or
dentists; central; reasonable, at precla el it seen.
ATTOBNEIS-AT-LAW. '
ADVICK FREE: DIVOUCE LAWa A BPEC-
lalty : private; no fee without success: probate,
Insolvency, wills, collections, bills of sale, deeds,
damages, etc.; private detective*: estab. 10 years.
G. W. BOWK, 850 arket st, comer Stockton st.
T} : W. KING, ATTORNEY-aT-LA W, CHRON-
Xt. icl<* building: advice fiee: lowfe s: all cases^
4 DVICE FREE; NO CHARGE UNLESS SUC-
■A cessfa>. J. G. JEFFRr BS. 632 Market, rm.^3.
ADVIC-" FREE; NO CHARGE UNLESS SCO
cessi— .' W. W. DAVIDSON, 927 Market
EDUCATIONAL
T UCKHARDT'S COMBINED ASSAY OFFICE
Xj a. d school of Instruction (incorporated);
PitA lICA.. and X- DIVIDUAL instruction in
the latest improved methods in assaying, analysis,
electroplating. CYANIDE process, etc; SPECIAL
ATTENTION given to caieiul a say and analysis
of ores, waters, etc. 26 O'Farreil at: elevator.
A SCHOOL OF PHYSICAL CULTURE AND
J^i. Elocution, 1215 Oc;avia st., San Francisco,
MISS ELIZA MA KTNTOSH. pupil of Professor
(5. W. Baynham, Glasgow, Scot: and. and crradu .te
of the ■■■ school ■ of Oratory, Phlladelph.a, Pa.,
teacher. 1 nice days, Tuurs. and Sat p. m.
H BALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 POST—
Bookkeeping, business practice, shorthand,
typing, telegraphy, languages, English branches,
, electrical engineering; vO teachers: 16,000 gradu-
ates; day and evening sessions; catalogue. ;
V RES', THE LEADING COLLEGE, 325.
Montgomery St.; individual instructioa la
eliorthand, typing, bookkeeping, telegraphy, eta:
Hie scholarship $50: li'w rate* per week and mo.
T^LOCUTION AND DRAMA; I EI.SARTE
XJ thoroughly taught; appearances arranged: 1 to
Bp.iIOL.VE HOFE-SCMRUi-.DE.;,299Hydest.
KLASCO'S LYCKTJM SCHOOL OF ACTING—
Private thea ricals arra-itred: pupils rehearsed
on stage. R. 6 and 12, 1.0.0. F. block, 7th and Mku
I)OOKKKEPINii THOROUGHLY IN ti WtEKS
X) or year's course free; only accountant teaching.
TARR, room 572, Parrott Emporium building.
TIEHL'S SHORTHAND ' AND BUSINESS
College, 728 Market st ; students trained: office
Situations secured; lowest rates or creak for tuition.
"I^NGINEEKINO SCHOOL: MECH.. KLEC.,
Xii civil, mining, survey, assay, archlt, X ray
tangibles. 1864. A. VAN DER N AILLEN.723 M«
SUBSCRIPTIONS AND WANT ADS FOR THE
1 all taken at branch office, 339 Hayes »t;
open until a :30 O'clock. '
SPANISH.FI'.ECJCH.Etc.: I'rof. DeFILIPPE'S
Academy of Languages, b2o Post st ;estab'd 18 1
SINGING; PIANO: PARIS GRADUATE;
French, German languages: $2 mo. 109 Taylor. '
1 EO COOPER'S SCHOOL OF ACTING. DANO
JLj ing, voice, pantomime, stage. 814 Geary st
ANJO, PIANO, MANDOLIN AND GUITAR
thoroughly tanght; lessons 60c 1-25 Tenth st
OICE, DRAMA. ORATORY: PRIVATE AND
' class. Prof. BOSS, Donoboe bldg;l2 to 1, 7 to 8.
OROF. L. RANKIN — VIOLIN. MANDOLIN,
i mandola;terms reasonable. 225Geary,nr. Powell
GUITAR, MANDOLIN, Pi'ANu AND VOCAi
lessons. $3 mo. Alary Westhaus. »9 Fifth.
I JOOKKPNG. WRITNG, ARITHMTC. GRAMR,
JLJdav night; no daises; $5 month. 845 Mission.
* WEEK'S NEWS FOB 5 CENTS — T_B
Cs. WEEKLY CALL. In wraDDer. for mailing.
MEDICAL.
A SURE. SAFE AND SPEEDS CURE FOR
all female diseases: ladies may have the bene-
fit of the skill and attention of a physician of long
and successful practice. A home in confinement
with b-st care, with the privacy of a home and the
conveniences of a hospital. Those who are sick or
discouraged should call on the doctor and slate their
case. All consultation free and confidential, Sole
agent Rex Magnus, the great world-ienowed rem-
edy for home treatment. MRS. DR. GWY-R,
226 Turk st
DR. J. H. JOSSELYN, THE GREAT SPECIAL-
-Ist, still offers his valuable services 10 . h - un-
fortunate, vv 1.11 a mind matured and enriched by
studies of an advanced order, there Is hardly a
disease In the catalogue of human Ills he cannot
treat to a feet cure. - Ladles, ha is always ready
to assist you. His Knowledge has been strength-
ened by extensive experience. . >o case, peculiar*
to your delic -te organism is beyond his sure con-
trol. His female montnly remedies are sure and
safe In their effects. H s tried and valuable reme-
dies for lost manhood are never-failing in their
action, and are warranted tor both young; and old.
He excels all others i 1 cure of private diseases.
Over 50 years of practice enables him to warrant
a cure in all cases. Consultation parlors, 906
Market st Call or write direct to 906 Market st.,
rooms 11 and 12.
A PROCESS THAT IS PERFECTLY HARM-
XjL if si: never falls in any case of monthly sick-
ness, no motter what cause; no elec ricity hum-
bug or other dangerous methods: money in every
case refunded if a cure is not effected: travelers
helped immediately; years' experience; home in
confinement with sanitaria:! convenience. Con-
sult free the only reliable physicians, DR. AND
MRS. DA VI KB, 14 McAllister st, next Hlbernla
Bank: hours, 9 a. m. to 6 and 7 to 8 p. m.
i PROCESS THAT NEVER Jb'AILS TO RE-
A store, every case of monthly sickness from
whatever cause in a few hours when medicines
and others have failed; no instruments used;
many years' experience: every case guaranteed;
advice free: terms reasonable; -class private
home for confinement. MRS. DM. DAJIKY, 1124
Market st., over the Owl Drug btore.
NEW PROCESS-NO MEDICINE, INSTRU-
ment or worthless pills used; every woman
herown physician or all female troubles, no matter
from what, cause; restores always ip one day:caa be
sent and used at home; al case* guaranteed : do
not trust Incompetent female physic ans. DR.
POPPER, the we-1- known pioneer, 318 Kearny st
DR. FOULKT'S FRENCH CAPSULES — A
guaranteed absolute cure for all female dis-
eases (no matter what cause): positively safe and
sure; no cangr or after effects: taken in time tc
also acts as a preventive; price $1 50 per box;
Bent free by mail on receipt of price. WALLKii
BROS.. 33 Grant aye. «
DR. AND MRS. WEGENER, 526 EDDY ST.;
private home with every comfort: separate
rooms before and during confinement; all female
complaints skillfully treated; regular physician;
quick relief for travelers: best care; terms moder-
ate; consultation free; pills $2. ,
DRS. GOODWIN. SPECIALIST: LADIES,
near or far, safe, qu ck cure guaranteed; any
disease or complaint; home for patients; best skill;
free diagnosis; low tees; self cure. 401 Van Ness
aye., fiat D. , '
ALL CASES OF MONTHLY SUPPRESSION
restored in a few hours: safety assuredat any
time; Instant relief for travelers, home in confine*
ment: consult free; confidential; hours. 10 to 5.
MRS. DR. YKTH. 916 Post St., near Larkin.
ALFEAU'S FRENCH FILLS— A BOON TO
Jrv ladies with female troubles: no danger; safe
and sure; $2 50 express C O. D. ; don't delay until
too late. Of GOOD BROS., Oakland, Cul.
DON'T FAIL TO CONSULT DX. JORDAN- AT
XJ his museum, 1061 Maricet St.: his 30 yean 1
successful practice is a ifuaran tee of fair treatment;
the worst cases treated satisfactorily by mail.
Qtnrt PAID FOR A CASE I FAIL TO CURE
<3)«JUV/ of female complaints or diseases of the
eye; consultation free. MRS. DR. SCOTI,3^S Geary
ICE PRIVATE HOME IN CONFINEMENT
jA at the most reasonable price in the city. MRS.
M. PFEIFF-R, midwife, 2012 Foisom st.
U PRAE'J. FEMALE REGULATING PILLS;
safe and efficient emmenaeogue: $1 per box.
RICHARDS &CO.,druggists, 406 Clay st.,soleagt3,
F. LYING-IN (PBIVATi ) HOME; DIS
. eases of women and children. 235 Kearny, r. 9.
HOME, A VRIEND AND MOTHER'S CARE.
MRS. DR. FUNKE, 1418 Eighth st, Alameda.
IK IRREGULAR OR ANY FEMALE Dl-KASB
see Mils. DR. i'UETSS and be content. Ls4i/i, 4t_
I \R. HALL, 14 MCALLISTER STREET. NEAit
J ' Jones. Diseases of women and children.
; DENTISTS. ( /
TMRST-CLASB DENTISTRY; CHEAP; PAK-
JD able $1 week. CHAPMAN, 16th and Mission.
<D>7 FULL SET OF 1 EETH WORTH $15;
«Jp • . warranted 5 years: extraction free: filling*
60a Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth st.
"POSITIVELY PAINLESS EXTRACTION.
X UK. HARDING, 600 Sutter: tel. main 5375.
rtHALKANT & CHALFANT, MOVED FROM
\J 8 Mason to 119 Powell; bridgework aspactalty.
COLTON DENTAL ASSOCIATION. 806 MAR-
\J ket DR. CHARLES W. DECKER.
(Jiff A BKT FOR TEJfiTH— WARRANTED A3
tip i good as can be made; filling $1 DR KIMM. S,
dentist, 930 Market st, next Baldwin Theater.
PAINLESS EXTRACTION, 60c; CROWN
X bridge work a specialty: plates $5 up: 13 years'
.experience. R. L. WALSH, D.D.S., .816% Geary.
DR. LUDLL'M HILL. 1443 —ARKET ST, NR.
XJ Eleventh; no chance for extracting when
plates are made:, old plates made over like new;
teeth from $8 per set; extracting 60c: gas given.
SET TKKIH WjTuuUl' A I'U'lX 1)_,
0 H. G. Young,; 1841 Polk st , „ .
DX. J.J.LE-K. 1206 MARKET. COR. UOLDEN
Gate are. ; open evenings; Sundays till noon.
pROOMK DENTAL ASSOCIATION. 769 MAR-
\J keu bet 3d and 4th: eas specialists; palnleu
extracting, with gas, 11; plates. $5 up; fill, $1 up.
R. GEORGE ,W. LEEK. THE . GKNUINB'
Leek dentist, discoverer of painless extraction
and patentee of improved bridge work or leeti*
without any plate, moved from 6to 10 FarrelUi.
LL WORK REASONABLE and was-
ranted. DR. J. W. KEY. 1122 Market at.
■ ' ■ /*■ LOST. ,;■ - ,
1 OSl— ENGLISH SETTER DOG: BLACK,
lj white aud tan: license 435; liberal rrwarJ.
E. G.,BODULPH,SOB California st, room 17.
AN PURSE, NEW, CONTAINING MONEY
and Mrs. C. C Shreve's visiting cards. '- Reward,
Call Office. ; :' - . .
T'OHT— ON THE 9TH, BERNARD DOG;
Xj whi.e: two brown spots on side. Return and re-
ceive reward 2*04 Twenty-third at. Any one hold-
ing same will be prosecuted. ,::.-.. r
1 ST-A PASSBOOK WITH THE HIBEHNI A
J Savings and Loan Society of fan Francisco, in
the name of THO2n AS or JENNIE O' DO NELL,
No. 176288. 'I he finder wl.l please return to bank.
RANCH OFFICE OF TH CALL, 167 NIMH
X> aims I want ads and subscriptions takes. ,
CITY ;KE AL ESTATE. .
CC. BE MIS,
. BEAL ESTATE AND LAND AGENT,
324 MONTGOMERY ST.
FOR SALE. ;
Choice bulletins lot on Army and 27th sts. ; doss
to electric road. ,
$450— s«n Carlos Villa lot: 100x150 feet.
. $6700— 50x127 :6 feet on Jackson St.. overlook-
ing the Presidio and bay.
' . $6000— - modern bouses of 8 rooms each at
park: '.5x137:6 .feet: electric road passes houses;
make offer. ' ■ ■. • '
(8500— Elegant NW. corner of Cole and Carl sts.
$300— Choice building lots north of park.
Bargain— SW. cor. Fifth ay. and c st. : 109x95 ft.
GOOD LOTS CLO E To THE UNIVERSITY
in Berkeley to exchange for cotia:e in San
Francisco or. vicinity, or small fruit ranch; value
$2600. Ad ess L., box 26, Call Office. -
© I Ut^(\ WILL BUILD A FIRST-CLASS 6-
•jp IDOU room and basement cottage; porcelain
bath; wood mantels; "brick oundation, etc., com-
plete. $1460 for 6-room cottage. . Call and see
plans, specifications, etc: same submitted tor any
kind of building. ,VV. W. REDNALL, . builder,
2312 Market St., near 14th. tr". :■-';**::'
L-OR SALE ON EASY TERMS-MODERN
-T houses on Masonic aye. and Waller st.: houses
contain salon parlors, dining-room, billiard-room
and 6 large bedrooms, bath, kitchen and laundry;
rooms beautifully decorated; sun In every room;
see them to-day. . Take sight or Ellis streetcar,
{.el off at Masonic aye.; owner on premises. .
I/win FOR -ALE or EXCHANGE.
<pT:I/uU. New cottage on 23d aye. East Oak-
land; ' 6 rooms and bath: high basement; brick
loundatiou; bay windows; lot 6-xl6o.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO..
. 14 Montgomery st.
LOS ANGtI-ES R< At ESTATE.
IriOß SALE— IN LOS ANGELES. A CHOICE
1 business lot, on the easterly side of Spring
street, between Fourth and Fifth, adjoining liana-
some three-story b ie» building of LosAnge.es
Athletic Club. This lot is 60 feet frontage, and
contains an area of 9900 square feet, with existing
tin i rovemen s of a well built MO room lodsin;-
house anil a barn In the rear, and is off red for
sale on termi of part cash and remainder secur d
by mortgage at moderate interest: price $86,000,
ab vi. $3 63 per square 100 , which is a lower price
than any pioperty of. similar eligibility can be
purchased for. Address, The Investor, 4 Brysou
iSloclc. Los . ngeles, Ca . .
SUBURBAN BEAL ESTATE.
A LTA PUNTA TRACT; GEM OF THE BAY
J\ District; 425 acres: subdivided: 3 mi.es north
of Berkeley, 8 from Oakland; 47 minute* from
San Francisco; lots 50x200: from $100 to 9200;
installments: 'send tor a map. : CiEORUE W.
HaIOHT, 220 Sansome St.. S. F.
PROPERTY TO EXCHANGE.
CA HOUSES AND LOTS, FKOM $200 TO
O\J $28,000: 100 ranches, everywhere.
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market st., opp. Fifth.
WHO wants TO TRADE LAND FOR GOOD
V I patent? Address Patent, box 7, Call.
OEND FOB OUR LIST OF ORCHARD HOMES
0 for sale. WOOSTRK <* WHIT TON. Pan Jos«.
MONEY TO LOAN.
flftrtrnn TO $10,000 TO LOAN ON OAKLAND
iS>^iO\J\J first mortgages at 8 percent interest.
HUGH M. CAMERON, 479 Ninth St., Oakland,
Cal. _ . ■•
O..)j|A /inn AT PVa per CENT ON city
tJPOvv/. WUV./ real estate: also Oakland, estates,
life Insurance, second mortgages, any sum. Man-
hattan Loan Co.. 10 -Mills building, ground floor.
A LOANS ON FUR.NITDHE OR PIANOS,
. in S. F., Oakland or Alameda, at lowest rates:
without removal: no <ommlssions; no delays.
J. NOONAN, 1017 to 1023 Mission st., above Sixth,
telephone Jessie 41.
A— PRIVATE AND RESPECTABLE, WITH
very light interest, Is the secret of pur success.
Cut-rate i.oan Office, Flood building, room 7, en-
trance «09 Market st. .
IGHLY RESPECTABLE AND PRIVATE
place to obtain the most 1 beral advances on
diamond* and jewelry at the very lowest rates.
Baldwin Jewelry Store. 948 Market.
ANY AMOUNT; IST, 2D|OR 3D MORTGAGES,
estates, undivided Inu-rests, real estate In pro-
bate; furniture and pianos without removal.
McCOLGAN, 24 Montgomery St.. room S.
DIRECT OX YOUR FURNITURE OR PIANO,
XJ no removal: no delays: so commissions: low
Interest. Km. 68, Donohue bldg, 1170 Market si.
linn* ' BANK RATES: IST AND
ig)O±iO.\)\}\J 2d mortgages, estates, rents, eta;
lend as low as $50. H. MURPHY, 628 Market St.
WHY PAY HIGH INT. ON fcMALL LOANS?
We loan at 55c Interest per mo. on each $100
on 2d mortgage: any security. Gold, box 4, Call.
/"IN FURNITURE; VERY LOW INTEREST;
\J no commission. SCRIBNER, 7 City Hall aye.
T>KIVAIK PARTY LOANS ON ANY GOOD
JL security interest. H.D., box 160, Ca1l Office.
MONEY TO LOAN ON REAL ESTATE: ANY
IYL amount. WILLIAMS, 214 Pine st., room 3.
Q>Z.(\ TO $50,000; LOWEsT KATJi: IST <& 2L»
%S>O\J mortgage; Hat orlnstlmnt. Drrden, 535 Cal.
* DVANCES ON DIAMONDS, JEWEi,KY.KTC
xV Columbia Loan & ( olluteral Office, 9 i rant aye.
PAWNBROKERS.
A DVANCES ON DIAMONDS.JEWELRY, SIL-
verw are, pianos ;low rates. Natl. Loan, 133Taylor
HIGHEST PRICE PAID IUR CAS 1 OF?
rlntliliu. • osti'fino'ltsn nun Office. 49 Third.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
ARE YOU CONTEMPLATING THE PUR-
chase of a piano? if so our warerooms contain
the most desirable stock from which to make the
selection; bargains for cash, instalments or rent
contract plan: we are selling some piano* for S3,
$4 anl $5 per month; beautiful new uprights for
96, $7, 98, $9 and $10 per month: i:o cash pay-
ment required larger than the above amounts all
purchasers of upright pianos from us have the
privilege of exchanging same for Steinway any
time within 3 years from date of purchase with-
out sacrifice. SHERMAN, CLAY & Co., repre-
sentatives of Steinway & Son's pianos, cor. Kearuy
and Suiter sts., San ■ Francisco; also Oakland,
Cal.: Portland. Or.: Seattle, v ash.
WE HAVE SECURED THE AGENCY OF
the wonderful Ivers A Pond pianos, a specially
(elected stock; all styles, uprights and grands;.
just received: it is impossible to make a better
piano: absolutely without a weak point; sol*
agents for Ivers & Pond, Llndeman, Connor,
Muehlfeld. Haynes and Singer pianos. J. T.
BOWERS & SON, Metropolitan Temple building.
ACTUALLY THE BKST BARGAINS IN
XV pianos; see our Ist for this week: pianos on-
-93, 94, 95, 9b, 97. 98. 99, *1 0, 915. $20 monthly
payments; fine stool and cover with each: deliv-
ered free anywhere in the city and kept tuned by
expert concert tuners. The F. W. SPE.NCtB Co.
Salesrooms, 933 Market su, opp. Mason.
A BSOLTJTELY THE OLDEST AND LARGEST
iV house west of Chicago Is KOHLER <fc
CHASE'S, '26, 28 and 80 O'Farrell st.: pianos, or-
gans and all other musical Instruments, of all
grades and prices; terms easy; - prices lowest;
'■ everything possible cont» 10 please avid aatufy tut)
customer. ■ " ' -
AINKS. BUSH A GERTS AND KNABE Pl-
anos: get our reduced prices; fine second-hand
uprights. $135: organs, 935. W. C. HAMILTON,
successor to A, L BANCROFT <fc CO., 324 Post st.
A LMOST NEW WEBER PIANO, $200,
A cheap; Steinway, good condition, $175: . fine
organ, cheap. THE J. DEWING COMPANY,
second floor. Flood building; ■ elegant display of
fine Hardman uprights.
A DMINISTRATOR'S SALE — MUST SELL.
A pianos at Immense reduction for cash or on
ins ailments. EATON ESTATE. 735 Market.
GOOD UPRIGHTS $125, *150 AND 9175;
square $65: call soon. MAUVAIS MUSIC
COMPANY, 769 Market st. •
HORNUNG'S PIANO; MOST PERFECT;
JJ. brilliant »nd powerful tone. 216 Post st. /
WG. BADGE SOLE A' ENT FOR HALLET
.it Davis and Francis Bacon pianos. 415 sacto.
Q»Un A GOOD 7-OUTAVE UP RIGHT; FINE
ijt'U. condition: 95instullmts.221Leavenworth.
ARGAIN — FINK > LHICKERING $100.
SCHMITZ, 16 McAllister next Hibernla Bank.
fl* lAH A WALNUT UPKIGHT, STOOL,
tjplUU. scarf. Bruenn'a Piano-house. 228 Post.
SHAW, STEINWAY 9250, CHICKERINO
$186; great bargains: s4 mo. HEINE, I36
AGNIFICENTttTEINWAY UPRIGHT AND
Hcbubert: little used ; sacrifice. 1019 Van New
YRON M A Y. 308 PoST . ST.— SOHMEK;
X ewby <£ Evan*. Brlggs and other pianos.*
UPKRIOR VIOI-INS, ZITHERS, OLD& NEW
O H. MIILLER. mak»r. rep irer '£ i a ham place.
DISSOLUTION OF , CO-PARTNERSHIP.
DISSOLUTION OF COPARTNERSHIP— NO-
tIce is hereby piven that the partnership here-
tofore subsisting between the undersigned, WIL-
LIAM WE L, L. A. W. IL and ALEXAND .X
W. WKIL, under the style or i firm of . WEIL
BROS. & SO.NS, wholesale liquor merchants, at
the City and County of san Franrlsco,' State of
Cal forma, has be>-n this day dissolved by mutual
cor sent, so far as relates to the said L. A. WEIL,
whore Ires from Bald firm.- ; ■ . ;:-■-.: .
The business will be iontlnnpd. under the same
firm nam* by WILLIAM WEIL. ana ALEXAN-
DER W WEIL, who will receive and pay all ac-
counts due to and owing by said firm. . ', "
Dated January 29, lb»7. L A.. WEIL,
W.M. WKIL, J-. ."■-■."
. ALEX W. WEIL.
Witnessed by H. R. FEDLIN'A.
COITNTRY JIE A_ ESTATE.
A GREAT BARGAIN: 160 ACRES OF
fruit and vineyard and: value about 8100J:
partly improved; will exenange for lodninr-bouse
or win sell for very small cr.ee to any one that
will secure me a tool job in city. Address FRANK
MARTINELLL 500 ciancisco st., cltv.>gjgffijffi
1 ftA-ACKE FARM. HUMBOLDT COL'BTY-
iUu Hare chance; very cheap. A. JOHNBON,
47 Sacramento st. •<. •
HOMESTEAD LOCATION; NICE FOOT-
hills: fine view; ftlOO. 531 California St., r. 1.
BARGAIN— 25 '.ACRES 'CHOICE FRUIT,
hay, grain, winter vecetab es. $25 per acre;
83 acres rich soil, 4 flowing springs '$ 5 p r acre;
18 acres, running water all the year soil very pro-
ductive, all fenced, $40 per acre, near Pleasamoo,
Alameda County. Call or write, 57 Chronicle
building.
LMNE SUMMER RESORT: 20 ACRES ROLL-
F ing land, with 10-room modern house, good
barn we I, w.ndmill and tank; line family or-
chard; mugnlSceut view of valley and bay; 2
miles from town: price. $5300. Call on or ad-
dress P. ILBEKT, Hay ward, Cal.
RANCH BARGAIN: $5 PER. ACRE; 1280
acres timber: plenty water: excellent stock
ranch : best part of Kern Co. 8., box 20, Call Office.
BARGAIN: GOOD HOME, $1200; 154 ACRES;
best part of Monterey: goo'i house, barn, pure
water: cultivated to wheat; portion of crop to go
with ranch.. D., box 91, CalL
TITTLE HOMES CLOSE TO TOWN; IM-
-Lj proved; easy terms: also 4 to 12 acre pieces
on 8 and 1 years' credit. D. H. TWING. So-
noma City: every Monday at 632 Market st., 8. F.
SEND FOR ILLUSTRATED PAMPHLET OF
California lanas for sale Dy H. FRANCIS,
rooms 69-71 Chronicle building, San Francisco, CaL
i WEEK'S 5 NEWS FOR 5 CENTS-
A WEEKLY CALL. in wraDoer. tor mailing.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— oOB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND KEAI. ESTATE.
Ct9f>nn SPLENDID COTTAGE, 5 LARGE
<JP_ \J\J\J. rooms; lot 40x128: s ri»et complete;
lawn In ' front; tine barn and gravel driveway.
HUGH M. CAMERON, 479 Ninth su, Oakland.
(£9- AA CASH, WOKTH $4000; NEAR LO-
iO\J\J cai; 8 rooms ana bath West Oakland;
also bargain for $2000, renting for $30 per month.
Central Oakland. WM. P. TODD, 1002 Broadway,
Oakland.
I'VE BEKN TOLD SO. BUT WOULD LIKE TO
investigate for myself— A handsome 5-ioom,
h.gh-basement cottagu, with bath, closets, pantry;
hard finished; very modern; ' fine lot, and all com-
plete lor $951); terms to suit your earnings; choice
lols »:so can be had -for $75 and upward; streets
all graded: electric roads near and fine school-
bouse; Allendale Tract, in Prultvale, adjoining
East Oakland: climate, soil and view unexcel ad;
conveyance free. 459 Ninth St., Oakland, H. Z.
JoNi-.s, owner. - ■
C?7C TO $150 FOR CHOICE BUILDING
*5 I «J lots la the town of jTitchburg; a new sta-
tion established near Oakland, on the Haywards
and San Leandro local line, by the Southern Pacific
Company; only 45 minutes from San Francisco
and 6 minutes from Oakland; electric-cars every
few minutes; terms to suit buyers. Apply to
a M. KUNKI— , owner, 4*16% Washington su,
Oakland, Cal.
yj> 1 rrx IOT3 NEAR THE ALTENHEIM IX
«U)I«JU. Fruitvale: electric cars; only $1 down
and $1 a week; selling fast: good improvements.
H. B. PINNEY owner. 902 Broad way. Oakland.
■ — — — i — — — — . — — -— - «— — —
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS
AtAMED4 K_AI» KSTATW. -
IjEAUTIFUL SUBURBAN HOME, SAN JOSE
l> aye., near Grand St.: house, 10 rooms and
I bath: 2 years old: price $7000: or will exchange
, for san Francisco. EASTON, ELDRIDGE COM-
PANY, 638 Market st.
— - I
. BERKELEY KEAL . ESTATE.
"VfEW 6-ROOM COTTAGE: MANTEL, BATH,
-LV pantry, laundry, hot and cold water, stable,
n-hbuse; fenced; sewered: 2 blocks from
station: lot 40x100: $1500. W. C. MORA-V,
Lorin, or F. BOKGLE, Golden Gate.
© 1 ft.r\(\ HOUSE OF 6 ROOMS; LOT 45x
!«IpJ-OUU. 125; street work done: five minutes*
walk to station. JOSEPH J. MASON, Berkeley
station.
31ARKIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses have been
Issued by the County Clerk's office:
John B. Davlttand Joa.i T. tiertmurl, 31—21.
C Thomsen and Ane K. Andersen. 25—26.
John R. Allaf aid Mary <'oih»l. 28—17.
B MM— MARRIAGES— iiKATfISL
. r ßirth, marriage and death notices seat br mall
will not ba Inserted. They must be banded In a;
either of the publication offices and be indorsed
with the name and residence of person* authorized
to have the name published, j ■ . r; ,:>;■; '■>. --'.I
BOX.V.
COURTNEY— In this city. January 28, 189? i to
the wife of Frank J. Courtney, a son.
JANSsEN— In this cltv. January 27, 1897, to-'.ha
wife of E. A. Jans? en. a daughter. i
O'CONNOR— In this city. January 28, 1897, to^he
wife of C. A. O'Connor, <» son. •
MAIUUJSD.
• PHELPS— WHITE -In Ukiah, January 28,1897,
by the Rev. O. S. Barnum, Rev. ; George W.
Phelps of Crescent City and Mabel White of
Ukiah. ■ •
SMALL— CARDOZO— In this city, January 27,
1897, a the residence of the bride's parents,
by the Rev. Dr. E. ii. Dllle, Fraacls P. Small and
Reta L. Caraozo. both ot San Francisco.
___. ______ "~~~
DIED.
Asklund. Peter J. Lynch, Mary
Aufenauger, John Man^ao, William
Beanies. Mary A. Mar. in. Mrs. A.
Burtcbaell, Jasmine T. Mateoder, Anton
Booth, John 1. '■ Meyer, Moses
C'orrig.iu. Mrs. E. Normand, E. Victor
fusion. John O'Keefe. Eddie
Dempiey. Patrick J. ' Qulnn, James H.
Dur«ee. John L. ° Reed. Ceclle
Fi z?era!d. William SUlwell. William
Geiss. August Syce. Willie P.
Geogan Elizabeth Tandy, Herbert R.
Hanniean, Nellie F, Thompson. Martha
Herring, Maud K. Thornbrough. H. B. .
Hertman, Emma E. Vujovich, Gligo
Jaeger. Sarah . Wacitenreuder. Henry
Loughborough, A. H. Wollenburg, Kosa E.
APKLUND— in this city. January 27. 1897, Peter
J ohan, beloved husband of Gnstava Sophia
Asklund, a uit.lv-> or Sweden, aged 63 years 3
month* and 8 days. - -
£s" Friends and • acquaintances ara respect-
ful, v Invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROVV .
(Sunday), at 10. o'clock a. m.. from the wedlsh
Methodist Church, on Howard street, near
Ninth. Interment Cypress Lawn M;emeiery
fro ii Twenty-fifth and Valencia streets at 11:57
o'clock a. _ '
AUFENaNGKR— this city. January 28. 1897,
John AUfenanger, a native of Germany, aged 06
year*. . *
Friends and acquaintances and comrades
of oar field Foil So. 34. G. a. X.. and auxiliary
associations are ■ respec fully Invited to attend
the funeral TO-MORROW (Sunday), at 2 o'clock
f it., from Alcazar bui ding. Interment Na-
tional Cemetery. Remains at the parlors of
A. W. Martin <& Co., 118 Geary street. <
BEAMKS— In this city, January 23, 1897. Mrs.
Mary Ann Blames, a native of Bristol. England,
aged 76 years.
BURTCHAELL— In San Rafael, January 29,
1897 Jasmine Thompson, daughter of Mr. and
Mrs. P. T. BurtchaelJ, aged 1 year 1 month and
10 days. • , •
BOOTH— In this city, January 28. 1897, entered
Into eternal rest, at 623 East street, John
Thomas, dearly beloved son of Mr. and Mr*.
Joan BOJtb, and brother of Mrs. Julins t'oasar
W. Oh , a native of San Francisco, aged 18
years 3 months and -4 days. . ■HTffflrilWtTr^&f'j ym/ln 'l H^j
- gg~ Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fu ly invite. i to attend me fu c al THIS DAY
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock p.m., from the First
* United • res by enau Church, corner Polk street
an 1 Golden Gate avenue. interment Cypress
Lawn Cemetery, via 3:- 0 o'clock p. v. train from
Third and Townsend street.' R -main* a: parlors
of Craig & Cocuran Co., 22 Mint avenue.
CORRIG N — In mis city. January 28. 1897, Mrs.
Elizabeth, beloved wife of the late Thomas Cor-
riga i, and mother of Frank and Thomas Paul
lorrigan and Mrs. John Heaney, a native of
County Lon?iora, Ireland; aged 81 years. '
JS3*Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend me funeral THIS DAY
(Saturday), at 9:30 . o'clock . a. - v.. from '22
Mldd.e street, between Pine and California and
Webster and aHi more, thence to bt. Douilnlc'a
Churcn. Hush and Sti-iuer streets, wo<*re a
solemn requiem mass will be celebrated for the
repose of her anal, commencing at 10 o'clock.
a. — Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery. |
CU^ICK— In Oakland, January 28. 1897, John,
beloved husband of Elizabeth Cuslck, a native of
County van, Ireland, aged 63 years.
JOS' Friends and t>can»lntances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Saturday), at 9 :30 o'clock a. m., from his late
residence, 1744 Market street, thence 10 etc.
Franc s de - sales Cburcn, .where a-. solemn
requiem mass will be celebrated for the repose of
his soul, commencing at 10 o'clock a. _ Inter-
men; BG Mary's Cemetery, Oakland. Please
■ omit flowers. . • . ' .
DEMPSEY— In this city, January 29, 1897, Pat-
rick J., beloved husband of .Mar.- Demps-y.
father of Joseph and Harold D>mDsey aud
brother of Eilie Deinpsey, a native of skibue-
reen. County CorK, Ireland, aged 32 years and
10 mon.bs. . .
' A3* Friends : and acquaintances are ' respect-
ful y Invited to attend me funeral TO-MOitnOW
(Sunday), at 9:30 o'clock a.m.. from his latp
residence. 249 Irs. avenue, near California
sire* tbenc- to star of .be sea Church, wnere a
requiem High mass will oe celebrated for tna
repose of his soul, •commencing at ' 10 * o'clock
a. if. ». Interment Holy CrOii Cemetery.
DUHKKK— In this city, January ; 29, 1897, John
L., beloved husband of Mary Durkee, »ad father
of Mary L.. Bessie T. and John R. Durkee, a na-
tive of Baltimore, Md., in his 70th year.
FITZGERALD— In this city, January 29. 1897.
at hi< residence, 1&21 Howard street. William
Fl zgerald, late of Valley Ford. Sonoma County, .
beloved husband of Margaret Fitzgerald, and
father of Mrs. P. T. Ward and the late James, I
William, Maggie and Ilia Fitzgerald, a native
of i ounty Limerick, Ireland, aged 70 years and
7 mouths, r Washington (D. C.) papers please
copy. i ... „.
*yThe funeral will taKe mace MONDAY,
February 1, from tin Cuurcn or the Assump-
tion. .Tomales, Marin County, upon arrival of
train from San Francisco. ?
GEISS— this city. January 27. 1897. August
Geiss, a native of Germany, aged 65 years 5
mouths and 2 days.
GEOGAN— In this city. January 29, 1 897. at the
residence of her sister. 1131 Geary street.
■Elizabeth, beloved wise c J. W. Geogan, and
mother-of K. 11. oeogan. and daughter of Mrs.
Elizabeth Me, sing, and sister of Mrs. ><eorge
Bunker, Mr*. D. a. L.bby, Mrs. Huddar; and
ousiavand Louis Meising, a native of B&n Fran-,
else . agi d 26 years.
£3"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully nvi.ed to attend tue funeral TO-MORROW
(Sunday),- at 2 o'clock p. " _. from the resi-
dence of her sister, -Mrs. George Bunker, ll.il
Geary street. - In teiment I. O. U. W. Cemetery.
HANNIGAX— In thU city, January 18, 1897.
i Nellie Frances, dearly beloved daughter of .Mrs.
Eliza Hanulgan, and sister of Nome am Mamie
Hannizau, aged 19 year* 2 months and 6 days,
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fu..y Invited to attend tne funeral THIS JAY
(Saturday), at 8:30 a. _, from her late resi-
dence, 1435 Valencia street, thence .o Sl.Jauei
Church. Twenty-third and Guerrero streets,
where a item hig i mas* will be celebrated for
the repose of her soul, commencing at 9 o'clock
a. _ Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
HERRING— In this city. January 29,1897, Maud
E. Herring, beloved daughter of W. ll lam and
Mary We. don, and slsterof Cora. ice. Willie
and Freddie Weldon. and cranddaugh.er of
Mrs. Mar,- Hogau, a native of San Francisco,
aged Id years 1 month and 5 days.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock p. m., from the par-
lors of the United Undertakers. 27 and 29 Fifth
street, thence to St. Patrick's Church for ser-
vices. Interment Mount Caiv.ry cemetery.
HERTMAN— In Alameda, January 29, 1897,
Emma £ beloved wife of the late George Hert-
man, mother of Willie, Ethel and Nellie Hert-
man. daughter of -U.ri. E. and the late T. A.
Mitchel.. and sister ot Tneophi.u*. Margaret,
Robert, William, John and James Mitchell, a
native ot san Francisco, a*ed 29 years.
Friends and acquaintance* are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock p. _, from her la :»
residence, 2115 Pacific avenue, Alameda.
JAEGER— In this city, January 28, 1897, Sarah,
beloved wife of Frederick W. Jaeger, a native of
Oiiio. aged 65 years 3 months and IS days.
4STFrieud3 and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Saturday), at 1 o'clock p. k., from the par-
lors of the Golden G&» Undertaking Co., 2429
Mission street, near Twenty-first. Interment
Cypress Lawn Cemetery, by funeral-car from
Twentieth and Guerrero streets, at 1:30 o'clock
P.M.
LOUGHBOROUGH— In this city, January 28.
, 1*97, Alexander Hamilton, beloved husoaaa of
Marianna Zaoe Loughborough, and beloved
father o( A. Z., George A., Frauces and Joseph-
ine Loughborough, a native o( Warrenton, Vs.,
aged H2 year* 3 months and 11 days.
«JS*The funeral will take place MONDAY,
February l.at 10 o'clock a. m., from St. Mary's
Cathedral, where a solemn requiem mass will
.be offered for the repose of his soul. Friends
and acquaintances are respectfully invited to
attend. Please omit flowers.
JLYNOH— In this city, -January 28, 1897, Mary
Lynch, aged 16 years and 5 months.
MANGAN-In this city, January '.8, 1897, Wil-
liam, beloved brother of 1 hernias, James and
Michael Mangan, Mrs. D. Carroll, Mrs. Dan
Quiil and Delia Mangan, a native of the parish
of Tarbert, County Kerry, Irelan 1, aged 46 years.
Friends and acquaintance* are respect-
folly Invited to an end the funeral TO-MORROW
(Sunday), at 8:30 o'clock a. _. from the resi-
deuce. of his brother, Thomas Mangan. 601 Vfc
Sixth street, tnence .o St. Kobe's Church, Bran-
nan street, where a requiem high - mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
mencing at 9 o'clock a. _ Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery. Please omit flowers.
MARTIN— In this city, January 28, 1897. Mrs.
Alexander Martin, loving wife of Alexander
Martin, and beloved mother of Mabel and Man-
ley Martin, a native of Philadelphia, aged 48
years. |Pniladelpula papers please copy. J
' A3" Friends are respectfully invited to attend
her runeral MONDAY. February 1, at 11 o'clock
a. — . from her late residence, 2904 Jackson
street. Interment private, Masonic Cemetery.
MaTEODER— In this city, January 29. 1897,
Anton Mateoder, a native of Italy, aged S3
i ea s
*Sr Friends and acquaintances and membersof
sister courts of American Foresters are reipect-
fully Invited to ai.te.id the 'uneral TO-MORKOW
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock p. — . from the par-
lors of Theodor DierKs. 957 Mission street, be-
tween Fifth and Sixth, under the auspices of
Court America No. 3, >'. of A. Interment
Italian Cemetery.
MEYER— In this city, January 29, 1897. Moses,
beloved husuand of the late Dora M eyer, and
father of • ou.s, Allie, Bennie and Lilly Meyer
and Mrs J. W. Wo.f, Mrs. su I Zobel. Mrs. carl
Guldberg and Mrs. A. Blumenthai, a native of
Germany, aged 70 years.
NORMAND— In this city, January 28, 1897, E.
Vie. or. beloved husband of Mrs. Berenice Nor-
maud, and fat her of Ernest A., Emile H. and
Alice B. Normand a native of Parij, Franc*,
aged 67 years and 10 mon.li*.
£3~Friends and acquaintances are respect-
ful y invlteii to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Saturday), at 11:30 o'clock a. m., from his late
residence, 21 > -,utei)bers; street, thence to
Notre Dame de* Victolres Church, Buan street,
near Stockton, where the » erv ces will beheld,
commencing at 1:30 o'clock p. m. snarp.
O'KKEFE— In this city, January 28. 1597. Eddie,
beloved son of Jeremiah and Hannah O'Keefe.
and brother or Patrick, Thomas, Gertie, Joe and
John O'Keefe, a native of San Francisco, aged 6
years and 10 months. ,
83TFrlend3 and acquaintance's are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock p. a., from the residence
of the, parents, '2 Vincent, street, Interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery.
QUlNN—ln this cltv. January 28, 1837. at his
residence, 1126 Valencia street, James 11.,
beloved husband of the late Mary Quinn, a na-
tive of Nenagh, County Tipperary, Ireland, aged
61 year*
gJ-Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully iavltea to attend the (uneral TO-MORROW
(Sunday), at 8:45 o'clock a. m., from his late
residence, 11 id Valencia street, thence to 8:.
James . Church. Twenty-third and Guerrero
streets, where a requiem high mass will b i
celebrated for the repose of his soul, commenc-
ing at 9 o'clock a. _ Interment, Holy Croaj
Cemetery. .{
REED— In this city, January 29, 1837. decile,
beloved daughter of Silas W. and Annie A.
Reed, and sister of Louis and Sarah Reed, a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 15 years and 8
montbi. ,
STIiiWELL— In Lorin, William beloved hus-
band of Lizzie stilweli, a native of Pennsyl-
vania, aged 76 years and 4 months.
SYCE— In this city, January 29, 1837. Willie P.,
beloved infant of Thomas and Mamie Syce (nee
Kennedy), a native of San Francisco, aged 5
months and 1 day. -
TANDY— In this city. January 28, 1897, Herbert
Roe Tandy, a native of England, aged 31 years.
- JB=3~ lnterment private THIS DAY (Saturday),
a: j :30 o'clock p. it., at Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
THOMPSON— In this city, January 28. 1837.
Martha, beloved wife of William Thompson, a
naive or County -Armagh, Ireland.
jJ5f Friends and acquaintances are respect,
fuuyiivited to attend tne funeral TO-MORKOW
. (Sunday), at 12 o'clock m., from her late resi-
deuce, 103 Clark stree., thence by creek boat
leaving foot ot Market stree: at 1 o'clock p. v.
' ' Interment Mountain View Cemetery, Oakland.
, Rest, loved one:
Painless be thy sleep.
Thy wakening
Shall be joyful evermore. >
THORNBROUGH— In this city. January 28,1897.
Harold Bolton Thorn brongh, a native of baa
' ' Francisco, aged 10 months and 20 days.
VUJOViCH— January 28, 1897. Gligo, beloved
son of Simon and Mare Vujovl.h, a native of
Mojjez Erceg Njvi, Boka Koiorska, Austria,
aged 26 years.
WACKENREUDER— In this cltv, January 28,
1897, Henry, beloved son of Tomasa Wacken-
reuder. and brother of Mrs. M. Krause, Ernest
Wackenreuder and Mrs. Kosa Bebenke, a native
tt .sau Francisco, a ;ed 33 years 1 month and 15
' days.
jag-Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Sunday), at '2 o'clock P. m.. from Maennerbund
• Hail, corner Twenty- street and Potrero
avenue, under (he auspl es of Preclta Parlor
No. l-> 7. N. S. G. W. Interment Mount Calvary
Cemetery.
N. X G. W.— members of Preclta Parlor No.
187, N. S. G. W.. are hereby notified to assem-
J ble at Maennerbund Hall, Twenty-fourth street
-and Potr ro avenue. TO-MORROW (Sunday), at
1 o'clock p. x.. to attend the funeral of our de-
' ceased brother, H. Wacsenreuder. By order of
H. & spaULDING, President.
J. M. Hickey. Secretary.
WOLLENBURG— In this city. January 28. 1897,
Rosa Urn beloved daughter of Charles and Wli-
helmlna Wol.eubnrg. a native of Pennsylvania,
ase.i 5 ye*;* and 23 days.
ay Friends and acquaintances : are respect-
ful y Invited to attend ihe funeral, THlS DAY
(Saturday), at li o'clock A. m., from the family
residence. 69 Converse street, off Bryant, be-
tween Eighth and Ninth. Interment LO. O. F.
Cemetery. • ' .
' McAVOY & CAI.LACHER, T
FONERAL DIRECTORS "'4 EMBALMKR3,
80 Fifth St., Opp. Lincoln School.
Telephone 808 a *
LAUREL HILL
CEMETERY ASSOCIATION
IS i PREPARED TO CONTINUE THE SALE
of burial p ats : and graves in its cemetery and
give deeds. : *.
■ Perpetual care of lots will be arranged for at the
Superintendent's office at the cemetery, corner
Bush street and Central avenue. San Francisco.
MOUNT OLIVET CEMETERY,
SAN MATEO COUNTY: ' NEAREST CEMI>
tery to the city; non-sectarian ; in no sense ex>
elusive: location - unexcelled. ■ t)_c« UV 7 "»f»«t
, ' tueeu souuieaai coruw **• tuna ,
1314
NEW COONEY
SENSATION
Facsimiles of Crocker
Blanks Printed by J.
H. Barry.
CAPTAIN LEES INTI
MATES CONSPIRACY.
Simply an Idea to Test the Skill
of Experts, Say the
Defense.
FAIR HEIRS WOULD USE IT AS
EVIDENCE.
The Notary's Attorneys Fight Back,
Saying the Incident Has No
Place in the Case.
A new and somewhat exciting chapter
was opened in the Cooney case yesterday.
From out of the dragnet of Captain L<ees
and his detective force came the fact that
during the past week there had been
primed by James H. Barry 2000 fac-similes
of the famous Crocker notarial blanks of
January 8, 1896, with which the Fair in
terests are sesking to identify the acknowl
edgments on the pencil cieeds.
In the printing of.these blanks by Barry
Captain Lees claims he unearthed a con
spiracy. He insinuates that on its face
the existence of these reproductions of the
Crocker forms looks Jike a scheme to
spreao. them broadcast with a view to hav
ing some of them returned as evidence in
toe young notary's lavor.
The people who are representing
Cooney deny the chief of detectives'
charges. They explain that the printing
of the Barry blanks hud for its purpose a
plan to test the skill of the experts, who,
according to the programme of the prose
cution, are to be called to point out the j
defects in the Crocker forms and identify
them with tnoae in the certificates in the j
pencil deeds. This is a ruse generally re
sorted to when the matter of expert testi
many is introduced, t-ay Cooney's lawyers. |
The Barry blanks are fac-similes of the j
Crocker forms, as the printing was done
from a zinc plate made from a photo
graph.
It was and is their plan to introduce
these blanks in the case, so the lawyers
for the delense assert, in connection with
a number of the Crocker originals, and ask
the experts to select one from another.
The keynote in the case against Cooney
are typographical imperfections in the
certificates he used on Mrs. Craven's
deeds. In the chain of evidence by which
the police seek to convict him of perjury
they declare that in the forms printed by
Crocker similar and identical defects
occur. Witnesses from Crocker's print
ing-houße have already said that they
could identify any of these blanks by these
same defects in printing.
It was to test the truth of the state
ments ol these .witnesses, the Cooney de
fense say, demanded the printing of a
similar lot of blanks. It is customary in
all cases where experts on typography or
handwriting are called in to subject them
to every possible test. In the Snaron and
Martin cases these tactics were adopted,
much to the discomfiture of experts. Fol
lowing the logic of tbe Cooney side of the
case, if one of the experts could not de
tect the difference between tne Barry and
Crocker printing the cause of expert testi
mony would receive a body blow.
Captain Lees and Charlie Fair's attor
neys are not inclined to give a great deal
of credence to the explanation offered by
Cooney's attorneys. The chief of detec
tives declares he nipped a scheme in the
bud. He says that if the object of print
ing the Barry blanks was simply to test
theskillofexperts.it was not necessary
to strike off so many of them. He hints
that had it not been for his timely discov
ery a plan was on foot to scatter these cer
tificates among notaries and attorneys
for the pumose of regathering them at the
proper time as evidence in Cooney's be
half. Moreover, he declares that it was a
questionable transaction for Barry to
print the footline of the Crocker printing
house on the margin.
James H. Barry and Coonev's attorney
are equally emphatic in denying that it
was ever intended to put tbe blanks into
circulation. All the forms, with tbe ex
csption of a half dozen submitted to
C'ooney's attorneys for inspection, are still
in his possession, according to Barry, and
have been there for a week. This in itself,
he declares, is a strong indication that no
idea of putting them in circulation was
ever dreamed of.
"Some days ago," said Barry, "I was
called to the office of Attorney D. M.
Delmas and asked by Mr. Delmas and De
tective Stilwell if I could reproduce the
Crocker blanks. I replied that I was
afraid that I had not the proper typo. I
was finally obliged to use a photograph
and make a zinc etching of it. Now the
blanks were printed in four batches.
"In the first bundle Crocker's name ap
peared at the foot of tbe document to
complete the reproduction, but the print
ing was bad, and I was satisfied the ex
perts would detect the flaws. I came to
KEW TO-DAT.
RED"
ROUGH
PaviSt \^j^jja [r.a
HANDS
■flw ■£! Bi H9h^^7
• Itching, scaly, bleeding palms, shapeless nails,
and painful finger ends, pimples, blackheads,
' oily, mothy skin, dry, thin, and falling hair, itch-
ing, scaly scalps, all yield quickly to warm baths
■with Ccticcra Soap, and gentle anointings
with Ccticl'ka (ointment), the great skin cure.
(yticura
,I» told thronrtont the world. Poms Diuo Airs Cbiu
Corf., Sole Prop*., Boston. •■-.--
-«- " How to Produce Soft, "White Hindi," free.
ITCHING HUMORS ftnc»ußiM»i«.
H.CLRUSSEN
Witnesses and Experts "Who Appeared in Judge Cook's Courtroom
Yesterday.
the conclusion to cut off the Crocker foot
line, but after the job was over 1 thouglit
this omission •would at once convince the
experts that Crocker did not do the job.
Then I used the zinc plate of the body of
the blank, using type in the Crocker foot
line. The type was not a good imitation,
so that I finally was obliged to photograph
the Crocker printing-house foot line and
add it to the other plate.
"In this manner 1 got a perfect fac
simile of the blank of January 8, 1896. So
you see there is but 500 of the genuine fac
similes, instead of 2000, as Captain ]>es
intimates. In the remaining 1500 no ex
pert would be deceived, so I think that no
more were printed than wou.d be neces
sary for use in the case, with its many
witnesses. These blanks are all in my
possession now, and have been so for four
days previous to the 'marc's nest 1 Cap
tain Lees professes to have discovered. No
attempt was made to circulate them, and
no such idea was entertained."
The fact that Crocker's name appears
on the foot line was put there, so Cooney's
attorneys say, for the sole purpose of com
pleting the fac-simile. They had a right
to use it, they say, ior the purposes tuey
intended the blanks.
When this affair was precipitated into
the hearing of Cooney before Magistrate
Cook yesterday morning ratber unexpect
edly the way was opeDed for the liveliest
session in the case up to date. All day
lone the proceedings were a wrangle of
words and legal fencing.
The lawyers for (Jooney and the District
Attorney bickered and bantered over the
right to introduce the evidence in the
case. Their voices rose high, so high that
the echoes rang along tbe corridors of ttie
City Hall, and the idle and curious mob
hurried in great numbers to tiie scene of
the tumult.. When the fun was at its
height Attorney George A. Knight
jumped into the dispute, and got an op
portunity to interlard a spicy dialogue
upon the District Attorney's declaring
that young Fair's legal adviser was also
assisting in the prosecution.
It was on the card that Expert Max
Gumpel should take up tbe greater part
of the day in expatiating on defects in
handwriting and printing in general, and in
particular as far as they referred 10 the
Cooney acknowledgments and their simi
larity to the Crocker blanks. Theodore
Kytka, the photographer who made bro
mide enlargement! of the certificates on
the pencil deeds, not on tbe stand to nar
rate how this work was done and ran up
against a snag in procedure because the
District Attorney and his assistant had
overlooked bringing the negatives from
which the enlarged reproductions were
made into court. Kytka was laid on the
shell temporarily to make way lor Max
Gumpel, who was to unravel a loup tale
on defects in handwriting. Gumpel did
not go further than to say he was a lith
ographer and an expert in handwriting
when he was withdrawn to launch the
Barry printing episode.
Detective Seymour had snbpenaed
Henry Claussen, a compositor; George S.
Barry, the foreman; and William F.
Barry, the pressman, in the Star printing
establishment, to tell of the printing of
the lac- simiies of the Crocker blanks und
the thermometer prepared to climb.
Barnes was evidently feeling his way
very carefully as he opened the examina
tion. He keDt carefully along the open
roadway, apparently dubious of where he
would bring up in the end.
Claussen had an impediment in his
speech and his testimony was very deliber
ately given. He loid his name, residence
and occupation and the prosecution rested
for a short consultation with youug Fair'a
attorneys.
Then Claussen began by saying that he
had visited several establishments in
printing supplies within a few days in
search of a certain style of type.
"What kind of type was it you desired?"
"A sort ot italic," redied Ciaussen.
"The kind that is used in certificates."
"Did you have the certificate with you
as a sample to compare type with."
Clauisen said he had carried a copy of
the Crocker blank with him in his search.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JANUARY 30, T897.
He failed to get the desired type, and a
zincograph of the form was finally made.
Attorney Reddy came to the center
with all sail spread to declare that Claus
sen's testimony had no bearing on the
case. There was a set-to, but Barnes
finally managed to get clear and proceeded
on bis way.
"Where is the zincograph?"
"In Barry's office."
"When was tbis printing done?"
"On Saturday and Monday last?"
Reddy came up again, hammer and
tong?, and demanded a show of hands
from Lees and Barnes.
In reply, the District Attorney said he
would show that Claussen had been mat
ingthe rounds of tie town in search of a
certain kind of typ\ and failing, Barry
had printed about 2000 of the forms
from a zincograph. This lot, continued
Barnes, had been carefully sifted and
sorted, those with a water mark being
laid aside.
"What's this to do with Cooney, any
how?" asked Reddy. "Has not tbe de
endant the right to print blanks to test
the ability of these experts who have been
hired to identify tue Crocker certificate
with the pencil acknowledgments. Time
and time again haven't these experts been
caught in their own trap?"
"But the idea of introducing this evi
dence," continued Reddy, "is not with a
view to connecting it in tbis case, but to
prejudice the people through the newspa
pers against Cooney."
Barnes got clear again and Claussen con
tinued.
"How was this certificate printed?"
"From a zincograph plate."
"Is a zincograph made from a photo
graph?"
"Yes, sir."
"Where is that plate?"
"In the office, I suppose, in charge of
the foreman."
"Did you see delivered the certificates
printed "from this ziucograph?"
"No."
"Do you know how many of these
blanks were printed?"
"I do not.
On cro«s-«xamination Claussen said he
did not see the printing actually executed.
He read the impression of the piate, and
was satisfied the wording was that of a no
tarial blank. He had first been instructed
to see if the form could not be printed in
other printing houses.
Foreman George 8. Barry added the few
missing details in Claussen's story.
"Did you order the making of that
zincograph?"
"No, sir."
"\Vas it made in your office?"
"No, sir."
"When did you first see it?"
"I think within two weeks. I saw it
for the first time on the composing
stone."
"Did you have anything to do with
printing the blanks from this plate?"
"No; my work ceased when I iocked the
form up and handed it to the pressman. '
Tne zincograph itself got into court
when Barry resumed his story after ihe
noon adjournment.
Attorney Reddy suggested that James
H. Barry, the manager of the priming
house, would be along in a few moments
to facilitate matters by telling who ordered
the job.
"1 can't see what is the idea of putting
this into the record unless it be to assure
the experts that they will not be trapped
unawares," said Reddy. "If the prosecu
tion desire copies of these blanks I in
form them that we have plenty to go
around."
. Barnes called William F., another of the
Barry family, to give the details of the
presswork connected with the reproduc
tion of the blanks.
"How were the forms minted?"
"From a zincograph."
"How many of them did you print?"
"Somewhere in the neighborhood of
1000, I think."
Tne zincograph came in two parts. One
section contained the complete wording of
a notarial blank. Tbe oilier was an etch
ing of the trade mark of H. S. Crocker
that generally appears on the margin of
the forms turned out by that bouse.
Barnes desired to know if the Crocker
etching had been reproduced on the
blanks.
"I don't think it was," replied the
pressman.
"Who gave the order for this printing?"
"My brother, James H. Barry."
They let Pressman Barry go to make
way for Editor Barry, who said he was a
printer and controller of the destinies of
the Star. The attorneys gave the newspaper
man the right of way and he tDld bis
story without interruption.
"About a week ago I received a tele
phone message that Attorney D. M. Dfil
mas desired to see me. I went at once to
nis office and found there the lawyer and
Detective Stilw-ell. One of the Crocker
certificates was produced and I was asked
if 1 could make a fac-simile of it — "
"Never mind what anybody asked you,"
put in Reddy.
"From whom did you get the copy?"
queried Barnes.
"I don't remember just exactly," con
tinued Barry "I don't know either that
any order was given for the work. Mr.
Delmas was not in the office over three
minutes and I oon't think the entire in
terview; consumed five minutes. I had
been in the habit of doing printing for Mr.
Delmas, and I supposed when he asked
me it I omul make a fac-simile of the cer
tificate he wanted it done if possible."
Ready wanted the whole day's proceed
ings struck our. Itcouldir.no way con
cern Cooney if Barry had printed copies
of Crocker forms, for Cooney knew noth
ing about it.
Magistrate Cook was of the same frame
of mind. It would be necessary to show
a knowledge on the part of Cooney of the
transaction.
Foote shied his castor into the ring.
"Suppose," he began, "these blanks had
been printed by others for the purpose of
entrapping these experts — I can see noth
ing that is not legitimate in such a move?
These experts and Crocket's witnesses
have said that they couid identify the
blanK of 1896 wherever they saw a copy of
;t. We have a right to put tuem to the
test."
Reddy branded the whole matter as a
scheme to poison the minds ot tue jury
in advance.
"Tney cannot try the case of Mrs. Craven
against the Fair children here,'" began
Cooney's attorney, "and yet that is wnat
they have been endeavoring to do continu
ally. In this matter they are simply fishing
for evidence that they may use in the civil
suit. This is their methods continually.
Captain Lees has sat here, not as a public
otiicer, but as one interested in maligning
this defense in advance by making state
ments and trying the case in, the newspa
pers in advance, instead of reserving his
evidence, like a public officer, until the
proper time comes to introduce it"
Foote declared that unless District At
torney Barnes could connect Cooney in
soiae way witn the printing of the certifi
cates the record of the transaction had
no business being brought into court.
"If the District Attorney," said Foots,
"will say that ho has of his own knowl
edge information that would connect
Cooney with the affair I for one have no
objection to this story going in the
records. But the District Attorney will
not say this. His knowledge comes in
the way of insinuation from those who
are masquerading behind this criminal
prosecution in the hope of bettering their
chances in coming civil litigation. Del
mas, Stilweil and Cooney say they are
not confederating. What is the purpose
of this evidence? Simply to get a display
in the newspapers in order that Captain
Lees and others may get a reputation for
sagacity."
Barnes declared he believed he could
establish a connection between the print
ing of the blanks and Cooney. at least he
had information that would warrant such
a belief.
Attorney George Knight stepped for
ward and asked to be heard.
"Hello," sa:d Foote, "What's Knight
doin^x in this case?"
Barnes — Mr. Knight is assisting me in
the proscution.
Foote— Glad to see that Knight's got
into it at last.
Knight — Supposing we show that Del
mas is Cooney'a attorney and has brought
two suits in the civil courts in behalf of
his client for $200,000?- Supposing we
show that Delrnas is Cooney's confiden
tial adviser and that this is the first case
in which be has not appeared for him,
apparently ior the reason tnat he is try
ing to get out from under falling timber?
Supposing we establish the relation of at
torney and client existing between them?
Would not these be links in the case
we are trying to establish here? The
District Attorney knew yesterday that the
printers fiom Barry's had been searching
the town for type and that an evident at- I
tempt was made to reproduce, to counter
feit, these Crocker blanks. Why forge
the name of H. S. Crocker & Co. to a blank
printed elsewhere? Why commit a mis
demeanor? Does not this smell of fog?
Does not this stink of crime? We must
prove our case step by step. We must
prove in the legal chain that Deima's and
Stiiwell ordered these blanks under cir
cumstances that would show they might
be used in a manner not in harmony with
justice."
Foote in reply proceeded to rate Knight
with grapeshot.
"Supposing you do show,'' he began,
"that Delmas and Stiiwell ordered these
blanks, what has that to do with the case?
It's no argument to say a thing smacks of
crime or smells of fog. I wouid like to
know who told Knight the name of
Crocker is printed on the Barry blanks ?
Where did he get that information? How
does ne know this unless he has been
guilty of petty larceny and taken some of
them wi;... out* the knowledge of their own
ers? What is the District Attorney floun
dering .t in this manner in this case
for? What are these d tectives and Cap
tain Lees doinp in this case when they
might better be attending to the worK
they are paia for by the City? Why don't
they attend to their duties instead of
working for the Fair millions? It's not
the people of California, bu' Charles L.
Fair that is prosecuting this case, solely
in the hopa thai he may better iiis case in
the civil courts, and that other witnesses
for Mrs. Craven and her deeds may be in
timidated."
Reddy and Foote denied that they knew
anything of the printing of the blanks
until told so by the prosecution. Magis
trate Cook reserved a decision in the
matter of admitting the day's proceedings
into the record, and peace was restored
when Editor Barry was allowed to retire.
The case will be resumed Monday.
EITHER CITY MAY
GET THE FIGHT
Stuart's Advance Repre
sentative, Wheelock,
in Town.
Respective Claims of Carson and
Reno to Be Considered
Later.
William Kenyon Wheelock, a con
spicuous figure m the world of sport and
the advance representative of Dan Stuart,
the famous right promoter, who is at
present busily engaged in arranging the
preliminaries of the Corbett-Fitzsimmons
contest, arrived here yesterday afternoon
from Carson, Nev., where he has been
working hard in the interest of the bill to
license glove contests in that State.
When interviewed yesterday at the
Palace Hotel Mr. Wheelock expressed the
pleasure he felt at the passage of this
measure, which has now received the sig
nature of Governor Sadler and so become
law.
"The sentiment in Nevada," said Mr.
Wheelock, "I found most liberal. The
people over there seem to appreciate the
fact that the holding of these glove con
tests in the State is calculated to promote
the influx of a large quantity of Hard cash,
for the patrons of the ring are justly cele
brated as liberal spenders."
"Is it definitely settled that the fi£»ht
will be pulled off in Nevada? ' was asked.
"Mr. Stuart," was the reply, "has de
cided that the Fitzsimmons-Corbett battle
will take place in the Sagebrush State. 1
have carefully examined the ground my
self and have located training quarters at
suitable hot springs near Reno and Car
son. Slaughter and Steamboat Springs,
in particular, ere admirably adapted lor
such a purpose, and the weather in Ne
vada during March is said to be all that
could be desired and in every respect suit
able for outdoor work. Both Corbett and
Fitz have b en notified by wire that they
may begin the work of training right
away and that every facility in that direc
tion will be afforded. They have not re
plied as yet, but I expect word any mo
ment that they are on their way to Ne
vada."
"Which city, in your opinion, would be
the best location for the fight?"
"The contest," replied Mr. Wheelock,
"will be held in the city whose offer proves
the more alluring. Mr. Stuart will hear
what Reno and Carson have to say and
will make a personal inspection of the
ground before finally determining on the
location of the battle-ground. As to pas
senger rates to the scene of hostilities, I
have been in communication with some of
the railway officials, and thoutrh nothing
definite has yet been decided, I anticipate
no difficulty whatever in the way of secur
ing round-trip tickets to a point nearest
the ringside at greatly reducea figures.
Mr. Stuart will lose no time in visiting
Nevada on his tour of inspection^in fact.
I expect him up right away, and as I said
before I have advised the two principals
to come West immediately so that no
hitches are likely to occur.
"I wish to have it distinctly understood,
moreover, that all talk to ttfe effect that
Carson or any other place is certain to
secure the fight is all nonsense and empty
speculation. There is c good deal of
jealousy between Carson and Reno, and
each would like to convey the impression
that the mill is sure to come off in its
neighborhood. Bat we haven't committed
ourselves, and don't propose to do so yet."
The question of forfeit money or side
bets is one with which Mr. Wheelock has
nothing to do.
DEATH CAME UNHERALDED
Prentiss Selby of the Big Smell
ing Firm Stricken
Down.
He Had Been Apparently in Fair
Health and His End Came
as a Shcck.
OAKLAND, Cal., Jan. 30.— Another
prominent man has been taken oft' with
out warning. Late last nieht Prentiss
Selby was suddenly stricken down at his
resilience, 1360 Madison street, and in a
few minutes he was dead.
For some time past Mr. Sflby has been
suffering from various maladies, none of
which, however, were serious, and there
was no thought that his end was near;
Last evening he was apparently in very
good health, but by midnight he was
seized with a fainting spell, which re
sulted fataliy.
Mr. Selby was the leading partner in the
Selby Smelting Works of this city. He
entered the employ of the works years ago
as a founder soon after he came to this
coast from the East. He worked up from
that obscure position to be a leader and a
stockholder in the company.
During his life Mr. Selby, while always
a prominent man, was never connected
with any public ofhce, and he had but lit
tle to do with politics. He was essentially
a homebody, and his house was one of the
most attractive in Oakland. He leaves a
widow and six children, all of whom are
leaders in Oakland society.
As to the wealth of deceased it is esti
mated that his estate will amount to sev
eral hundred thousand dollars. He was
50 years old.
Jewelry store, 6 and 7 Third street, removed to
303 Kearny street.
■' ■■' — T— ,'*■'"♦ *.. ~~ i-/-
Estate ot School Director Halitead. .
James L. Halstead's estate is estimated to be
worth $14,000. .; His son has applied for letters
of administration. No will has Deen found.
» » »
Briefs and transcripts printed reasonably;
t rapid and reliable. Mysell- Rollins, 22 Clay. *
: -.-..■ - - .. - . . ••■■-■: . ■
KTTST tc-pat— cooni
CLEARANCE BARGAINS
' — — FOR —
SATURDAY'S TRADE!
OUR GREAT SACRIFICE CLEARANCE SALE closes the week
and the month with A GRAND FINAL OFFERING OF BARGAINS
consisting of A CHOICE SELECTION OF SEASONABLE LINES ,
AT A SPECIALLY HEAVY SACBIFIGE!
LADIES' CAPES AND SKIRTS.
7£ -LADIES' SINGLE CAPES, mad* of black and navy blue cheviot, trimmed
i O\j all around with mohair braid, velvet collar, former price $2, Clearance Sale
price 75c each. ._
<2±A 0?; -LADIES' BLACK PLUSH CAPES, richly beaded, lined with silk serge.
«p4r.i/D fronts and storm collar edped with black thibet fur, former price $8 60,
Clearance Sale price $4 93 each. ,
<2»Q (\(\— LADIES' BLACK FIGURED MOHAIR DRESS SKIRTS, lined with
tjpO.l/U 1 percaline, velvet binding, former price $5, Clearance Sale price $3 each.
LADIES' NECKWEAR.
©9 ~(\— LACE COLLARETTES, in a lar ? e variety of styles, regular value $4, $5
tp£»O\J and $6; Special Sale price to-day $2 50 each.
$i\ r A—CHIFFON, MOUSSELINE DE . SOIE AND LIBERTY CHIFFON.
« ,O\J FRONTS, accordion pleated or trimmed with velvet ribbon and Valen-
ciennes lace, regular price $350, $4 50 and $5 50; Special Sale price to-day
$2 50 each.
veiling!" veiling !
CHENILLE DOTTED TUXEDO VEILING, three-quarter width, special values to-
day at 25c, 35c, 50c, 75c, $1, $1 35 and $1 50 per yard.
LADIES' KID GLOVES!
OH/»-H0 aozen 8-BUTTON LENG~TH MOUSQUETAIRE UNDRESSED KIP :
f)\J\J GLOVES, in dark and medium tan shades, worth regular $150, on Special
Sale at 90c a pair.
<SM 100 dozen 4-BUTTON GENUINE FKENCH KID GLOVES, embroidered
«pJL.UU backs and large buttons, in dark, medium and tan shades, also black,
worth regular $1 75, on Special Sale at $1 a pair.
©1 Aft— *>" dozen 8-BUTTON LENGTH MOUSQUETAIRE UNDRESSED KID
tpI.UU GLOVES, in dark and medium tan shades, worth regular $1 75, on Special
Sale at $1 a pair.
MEN'S FURNISHING GOODS. .
X n — 180 dozen MEN'S AND BOYS' 1 HEMSTITCHED HANDKERCHIEFS, with
OLi white and fancy borders, extra size, regular price $1 20 a dozen. Clearance Sale
price 5c each.
I(\n— 96 dozen MEN'S HEAVY VICUNA MERINO SOCKS, finished with double
-LUC/ heels and toes, regular price 25c, Clearance Sale price 10c a pair.
/»~ _35 dozen MEN'S HEAVY CAMELS-H AIR UNDERSHIRTS AND DRAW-
DOC ERS (odd sizes), warranted thoroughly shrunk, regular price $1 25, Clearance
Sale price 65c each.
RIBBONS! RIBBONS! RIBBONS!
■j v — No. 40 3-INCH SILK TAFFETA MOIRE RIBBON, in assorted colors, value
JLOt' 25c, will be closed out at 15c a yard.
fW STORE OPEN SATURDAY EVENING UNTIL TEN O'CLOCK.
IS I M MURPHY BUILDING, /
[/{/ Mariet Street, Comer of Jones, /
San Francisco.
MORE ABOUT THE
FAUST COFFINS
They Were Not Kept Three
Years, but Only Four
Months.
The Caskets Were Stored in
a Barn Away From the
House.
There Was No Money in Them, and
the Future Occupants Never
Saw Them.
Monday, December 28. 1896, The Call
published a dispatch from Monterey in
which it was alleged that Philip Faust had
died at his home in old Monterey after an
illness of three years' duration.
It was also alleged that ever since the
beginning of his lons illness he had kept
a coffin in his bedroom; that the casket
was prepared for burial and that in it was
sufficient money for the funeral expenses.
Mrs. Faust, it was stated, had been par
tially paralyzed for years, and her coffin
also had been kept in the house beside
that of her husband.
It appears, now, that The Call was in
error in stating that the coffins had been
in the house for a period of three years.
The two coffins were -boupht from James
Taylor, an undertaker in Oakland, on the
22d day of August, 1896, and shipoed by
order of H. W. Faust, to Monterey, Cal.,
where they were stored in a barn some 600
or more feet away from the house.
It is not true that there was money kent !
in the coffins for the purpose of burial. It
is true, however, that ttie names bf PhiliD
Faust and Mary Faust appeared on the
plates of the coffins, wiih the dates of
their birth. It is also true that the coffins
ivere not shown to either Mr. or Airs.
Faust.
It was held oat by the physician that
Mr. Faus: might die at any time, and it
was also feared that Mrs. Faust would die
from the shock whicli his death would
produce, she being in a paralyzed condi
tion. The precaution was, therefore,
taken of purchasing the two caskets in
August, although the death of Mr. Faust
did not occur until December 21, while
Mrs. Faust is still alive.
OEUELTY CONDONED.
Judge Hunt Withholds « IMvorce Where
Suit Was Long; Delayed.
Mrs. Fiorinda Thomas will hare to Ret
along as a married woman for a while, or
at least nntil she can offer sufficient proof
to convince Judee Hunt that she is en
titled !o a divorce from William Henry
Thomas.
When Mrs. Thomas' casa was called for
trial it was found that her health was bo
much impaired that she was unable to
appear in curt. Nevertheless the lady's
deposition was read in support of her de
rcand for it legal separation.
In Mrs. Thomas" deposition she alleged
that in 1881, at the time of the birth of her
last baby, he drove from the house t-everal
ladies who had offered to care for her; that
she was left alone with her little one and
that it died. Two days later her husband
returned.
She was asked how she obtained fool
and other necessaries during those two
days, to which she replied tnat she had to
get up out of bed and procure for herself
the things that she needed.
Mrs. J. Schreiber testified that she was
one of the women driven out of the
Thomas home at the time of tne birth of
the child that died. She thought Thomas
was exceedingly harsh, and Mrs. Thomas
had often complained of his bad treat
ment.
Judge Hunt said he was in donbo in re
gard to the matter, and asked when Mrs.
Thomas and her husband bad ceased to
live together as man and wife. On being
informed that they had maintained
marital relations until a short time ago,
he remarked that this made the difficulty
all the greater.
"The fact that Mr?. Thomas lived with
her husband for about sixteen years aft°r
nis alleged cruelty raises 9. strong pr*
sumptien of condohement. and I could
not see my way clear to granting the re
lief asked for without bearing sufficient
testimony on behalf of the plaintiff to
overthrow that presumption and explain
the cause of her long delay in suing for a
divorce."
Accordingly the case was continued un
til Mrs. Thomas is able to appear and tes
tify. V
■ ' : — """"• — ' " — t
Benevolent Germans. m^
At a meeting of the German General Benevo
lent Society held yesterday by the new board
of directors the following were appointed:
Hospital committee— Charles E. Hansen (chair
man), R. Kinklne, C. Goecker. Edmund Kollo
frath, William E. Lutz; relief committee— R.
Herold (chairman;, Ed A. Keil, Louis Zeiss;
financial committee— Hugo Walcieck (chair
man), EC A. Keil, C. Goecker, William D»se
king (ex offlcio); cemetery committee— Louis
Zeiss (chairman), William E. Lutz, Edmund
Kollofrath.
SEW TO-DAY.
levTnlros;
Grocery Stock.
Special for To-Daj's Opening
Choice Table Butter, sauares- - -25c
Petalnma Bancb Eggs, flozen — 20c
Eastern Sugar Cured Hams, nounfl- 91c
Eastern Picnic Hais, pound- ... Be
Coye Oysters, F. Brand, 2 f0r... 15c \
1324 and 1320 MARKET ST.
134 Sixth Street.
H.WOLF& BROS., Proprietors.
Telephone 3. 398.