OLUME LXXXI.-NO. 82.
RUSSIA IS
READY TO
USE FORCE
Prepared to Bring About
Expulsion of Greeks
From Crete.
WILL ALSO BLOCKADE
THE COASTS.
.Ying George Warned Tfcat H?
1 Will Be Lett to Battle With
Turkey Alone.
ENGLAND AND ITALY JOIN IN
THE CONTROVERSY.
Salisbury Sends a Note to the Powers
Favoring the Granting of Anton
omy to Crete.
ST. PETERSBURG, Russia, Feb. 19 —
Russia, it is said, is prepared to bring
about the forcible expulsion of the Greek
torpedo flotif^ from Cretan waters and
the disarmament of the Greek troops in
Crete and a blockade of the Greek coasts
if the Hellenic Government persists in its
imprudent attitude. If Greece goes to
war with Turkey she will b« left to fight
her battles alone.
CONSTANTINOPLE, Feb. 19.—
It is reported here (hat l'hotidaes Pasha,
the provisional successor to Georee Ber
ovitch Pasha as the Christian Governor of
Crete, has declined to continue to dis
charge the duties of that office, and that
Karatheodori Pasha will be appointed to
the governorship of the island.
The Turkish squadron in Italian waters
will consist nominally of nine ironciaas
and twenty-five torpedo-boats.
A report is in circulation here that Lord
Salisbury and the Marquis di Rudini, the
British and Italian Prime Miuisiaj*. have
recommended that the powers agree to
I grant autonomy to Crete upon lines
similar to those upon which autonomy
was given to the island of Samoa, the
affairs of the island to be administered
under the rule of a Greek Prince. Until
the completion of these arrangements, the
.British and Italian Premiers' agreement
permits the continuation of the present
status quo.
The report that Lord Salisbury, the
British Prime Minister, had sent a cir
cular note to the powers favoring the
granting of autonomy to Crete, with a
Prince of Greece to administer the affairs
of the island, is confirmed.
< ANKA, Crete, Feb. 19.— Moslems have
abandoned Voucoulis and have retreated
to Alikianos, where they are now sur
rounded. Fighting is now going on there.
• . A crowd of Moslems marched to-day to
the military headquarters here and de
manded that they be furnished with arms
in order to relieve their comrades. Mar
tini rifles and ammunition were given to
them and they marched out of the city.
Later lighting occurred on the hills near
the city, witn no decisive results on either
side.
The Austrian Vice-Consul at Heralion
confirms the report of the massacre of
2000 Moslems by Cretan Christians at
Sitia, the eastern extremity of the island.
Colonel Vassos, commanding the Greek
forces in Greta, has given orders to the
troops to refrain :rora molesting or giving
offense to civilians and unarmed Moslems.
The Greek consulate is now being guarded
by Russian marines. TheCousu!, in com
plying with the orders to withdraw the
■ Greek guard, protested that the admirals
were exceeding their functions.
ATHENS. Grezce, Feb. 19.— A dispatch
from Canea states that three of the great
powers are in favor of a union between
Crete and Greece.
1 It is reported that King George will ap
\>*bl to the Hellenic race for a great na
t/onal loan to meet the expenses of the
military and naval preparations.
A British ironclad has prevented the
Bteamer Jun«n from embarking provis
ions intended for the use of the Ore k
•tr.oops in Crete.
The military preparations on the part of
Greece continue. Two more classes of the
reserves have been called out. The King
openly favors resistance to the demands
of the powers.
la the course of a debate in the Cham
ber oi Deputies last evening Premier
Delyannis stated that the Government
was seeking to discover the reason for the
powers opposing the operations of Greece
in Crete.
. As a result of the investigations the
Cabinet had arrived at certain conclusions
which could not be communicated to the
' Ji amber further than to declare that
Greece would persist In its policy and
course of action in Crete.
The Greek steamer Pan Hellenic, con
veying munitions of war to the insurgents
COLLIS WILL PAY TO SAVE THE CHARTER.
FRANKFORT, Ky., Feb. 19.— For months Attorney-General Taylor has been getting up data upon which to base an
action against the Southern Pacific Company for a franchise tax. This corporation received its charter from the Kentucky
.Legislature in 18H4 with its authorized capital of $1,000,000. with the right to increase it to any amount, now thougut to he be
• tween $150,000,000 and $200,000,000. Although a Kentucky corooration it has done no business in this State, or but very little.
Jlt has never r aid anything as taxes. It has Oeen operating in other States, buyin X Government, State, county and municipal
bonds and operat ng railroads. The Attorney-General contends that under sections 4<i2o and 4077 of the Kentucky statutes
this corporation should report and pay a franchise tax; also a tax on all its personal property, no matter where located. Tne
domicile of the corpomtion is in this State, and hence a correspondence has been carried on between the corporation and the
Attorney-General Jor some weeks. Last week Mr. Dav;e of Louisville, the company's attorney, wa» here to confer with the
Attorney-General, and went directly to New York to confer with members of the corporation. This morning the Attorney-
General was telegraphad to postpone a suit and that it was thought the whole matter could be adjusted without litigation as
coon as Mr. Davie returned. The amount the road will be called upon to Day will be about $250,000, which includes the tax for
•11 the years since the franchise tax law went into effect. It is said Huntington has made this play to prevent the repeal of
toe charter at the extra session.
The San Francisco Call
in Crete, has been stopped and turned
back by a British cruiser. The action of
the British vessel has created the fiercest
indignation here.
LONDON, BUG , Feb. 19.— 1n the House
of Commons to-day, George N. Curzon,
UDder Foreign Secretary, said in answer
to questions that the Porte had not an
nounced any intention to send troops to
Crete. The general advice of the powers
to Turkey was to abstain from precipitat
ins action. Detachments of marines
from the foreign warships were now occu
py in i Canea, Sitia and Retimo, and it was
probable the; would soon occupy other
Cretan ports. In addition to this the
British, Russian and Italian Consuls had
gone to Salino for the purpose of prevent
ing further outrages there, and to relieve
the suffering of Moslem families.
.lames Low her, Conservative, asked
what steps had been taken to relieve th ■
Moslems in the interior. Curzon replied
that the powers were doing all thai they
possibly could to relieve them.
In its issue to-morrow the Tirres will
condemn Colonel Vassoe, the commander
of the Greek corps of occupation in Crete,
for taking ihe offensive and attacking the
Turkish outi os aan PlaUnia. It says that
if King George and the Greek Govern
ment encourage Colonel Vas>sos they will
have to reckon with the powers, which
are demanding :ne adoption of energetic
measures against Greece. To re^i-jt the
warning that has been given by the pow
ers would be sher folly.
PARIS, France, Feb. 10.— Le Temps
Bays that the powers are resolved to speak
firmly to the Government at Athens
solely from hdeliiy to the tradition that
France and Great Britain wish to exhaust
all means of conciliation before consent
ing to the other measures so urgently de
manded by the courts allied to the Greek
dynasty.
Fifteen hundred students took part to
night in a Grecophile procession, which
ended in a conflict with ihe gendarmes.
The procession, which was held at a iate
hour, was a disorderly one, and when the
gendarmes attempted to make the stu
uents behave themselves a tight occurred,
in which two of the gendarmes were
wounded. Eighty of the students were
arrested.
IASISI FIGHTS FOR FREEDOM.
The Turkish Consul Claims That Treaty
and Constitution Are Violated in
Hs Case.
NEW YORK, Is. V., Feb. 19.— Turkish
; Consul Joseph A. lasigi, accused of era
( bezzlement in connection with his trustee
ship of certain estates, and awaiting re
moval to Boston, was before Judge Audi-
I son Brown of the United States District
\ Court to-day on a writ of habeas corpus.
1 The petition for the writ was made by
'. Consul lasigi, who claims his detention is
in violation of the constitution of the
j United States and of the treaty of 1830 be
tween tbe Government of the United
States and the Government of his Impe
! rial Majesty the Sultan of the Ottoman
' Empire.
The petition goes on to say that lasigi
\ is held in custody wholly without author
ity of jurisdiction, by reason of the (act
j that he, as Consul-General. is subject only
Ito Federal jurisdiction. The Consul says
that he is charged with having committed
in the commonwealth of Massachusetts
on the Ist of July, 1802. the crime of em
: bezzlement, while agent for Pierre Charles
Derieux, of about $6000, but that several
j years have elapsed since the alleged em
: bezzlement and yet tie has never been in
■ dieted by a Grand Jury, nor is there any
proof that he is a fugitive from justice.
On the other hand it is claimed that sub
division 8 of section 771 of the revised
j statutes, under whicn the Consul claims to
be amenable only to Federal jurisdiction,
was repealed in 1874. At the hearing to
day counsel of lasi^rsaid the question be
j fore tne court is whether the State courts
had jurisdiction.
After Judge Brown had heard the argu
; ments of both sides counsel was given
until Wednesday next to submit briefs in
the case.
INJURED BY X RAYS.
Boxer Asks Damages From a Physician
Who Used the Roentgen's Method
to Locate Bui lots.
CHICAGO, 111., Feb 19.— Roentgen's j
rays figured prominently in a suit for I
damaees which was commenced to-day in ;
the Circuit Court by John M. Mailett. a j
young boxer of local reputation. Hs seeks !
110,000 damages from Dr. O. L. Schmidt,
a recognized expert in the operation of ,
extracting bullets located by the ray's aid. j
Mailett had been carrying the bullets j
in his breast for two years, and although I
it did not trouble him, his employer, a phy- i
fcician, advised him to undergo the opera
tion. He alleges that Schmidt kept his j
body exposed thirty-rive minutes to tbe ]
rays; that he sufferel much, while the I
bullet was not extracted, and a sore on his
breast made a hole two inches in diame
ter, whicn will probably never heal en
tiraly.
BAHuN COMMITS SUICIDE.
I netcendant of Princely Bonne* Kill*
Iltmirlf in Detroit, Mich.
DETROIT, Mich., Feb. 19.— The body of
Baron van Oeyen of Schloss-Johannes
burg, Bavaria, was found to-day at his
home, he having committed suicide dur
ing the night by taking morphine.
While a cavalry officer in the service of
the King of Bavaria the Baron became
involved with revolutionary agitators and
fled to this country in 1850, afterward be
nic disinherited. He married a German
girl in Baltimore, and while living in
Lima. Ohio, lost three children, and his
wife went insane. This misfortune hast
ened his desire to die. He leaves a mar
ried son here. He was descended from
princely German and French Bourbon
nouses.
SAN FRANCISCO, SATURDAY MORNING, FEBRUARY 20, 1897.
The Harbor of Canea, Showing the Warships of the Powers Now Assembled There*
RUINED HOMES
NOW DOT CUBA
A Traveler Tells a Tale of
the Desolation of the
Island.
Utterly Miserable and Forlorn
Natives Dying by the Hun
dreds Every Day.
Gjmez Concentrat:s Hi, Forces Pre
paratory to Making a L.vly
Campaign
KEY WEPT, Fla., Feb. 10.— A passen
ger arrived on the steamer Ar»n-as to-day
who, on authority, is said to have come
, from an extensive trip through th-. 1 contra,
provinces —Santa Clan, Matanzas and
Havana — and he gives the impression of
; nis journey in the following terms:
The ruin and desolation was frightful to
witness, he said, tbe country being bare
and wasted, canelields and plantations
burned and little vestige of the country
homes remaining exC' v: thosesione-built,
whose blackened walls only are standing
Tnatched huts were but heaps of a-ho>;
villages, towns and cities were partially
destroyed, but crowded with miserable,
forlorn people, with emaciated, hungry
looking faces. Ti.ey were all huddled in
small spaces, without commodities, with
no hyuiene, and suffering from diseases
beyond all description and dying by hun
dreds daily. Ail this state of things was
brought about by Weyler's brutal and in
human decree ordering the concentration
of the country people in the town-. Such
is the terror that Wey.er inspires that the
mere fact of his approach creates conster
nation and alarm to all the people, who
rush to the nearest town for protection.
Near Sancti Spiritus, a place named
Guayo, a column of Spanish troops when
passing last Friday, after killing all the
cattle, set fire to the buildings and ranches
and butcher-d t:.e owner, a planter named
Ramon Napole, a man of independent
means, well known and esteemed in that
district. This was reported as a rebel
camp, captured and destroyed. The same
column found a party of rebels lying in
ambush. After a desperate fight a Cuban
officer. Lieutenant Perez, and his men es
caped.
From reliable sources it is learned that
Gomez will now initiate a more vigorous
rampai.n. After arranging with the Cu
ban Government the plans and purposes
of his future movements, Gomez ordered
a conr entration of all the rebel forces pre
paratory to his advance into the we- tern
province. His first step was to and the
Cv an Government bick to Cubitas with
headquarters in Camagu.iv. The party
s arted with an oscort of 200 men and suc
cessfully crossed the central troeba Satur
day nieht near the best protected part of
the line at La Redondu under the very
walls of a Spanish fort.
BETRAYEIt »I A HPT.
Arrest of an American for Astittinq a
Woman to Ear tptt.
NEW YORK, N. V., Fob. 19.— A dis
patch to the Sun from Havana says: In
addition to Dr. Emiliano Nunez, whose
arrest was reported a few days ago, sev
eral otber well-known persons have been
cast into jail in Havana, accused of aiding
the revolution. Their imprisounieut has
created a great sensation, not only be
cause they have many relatives and
friends in the capital, but also on account
of the extraordinary circumstances which
mnected with their prosecution.
An American citizen, Mr. Scott, a resi
dent of Kegla, a small town across tbe
bay from Havana, and who was arrested
also, is under s.milar charges and is being
even more sternly prosecuted by the Span
i>h authorities, because he is accused of
helping the Cuban woman, Ana Sotolongo,
:o escape from prison.
Mr. Scott, as well v ♦b' others, was de
nounced to the Si>*uishL JM'.koriuei), hm all
the Cubans here aftirm, by a man named
Miguel Beto, wbo, from the very begin
ning of the revolution, acted here as an
ajfnt of the revolutionary junta of New
York and at tirst did good work for the
Cv an came. Some months ago tbe
Cubans in New York, as well as h»re, ob
served that Beto had begun to behave
strangely.
SeTdral other prominent residents of
PI ;i van a, now deported to the Chafarinas
Islands, were arrested here as representa
tives of the Junta. No evidence could be
found against them, but Weyler declared
that he was certain of their connection
with the revolution and reused to parden
one of them, even when asked to do so by
the influential Spaniard, Don Manuel
Calvo.
Soon it was kuown that a traitor belong
ing to the Junta at New York had de
nounced them, and public opinion pointed
to Miguel Beto as the guilty man. Beio
protected, and continued to pose among
the Cubans as a revolutionist, and as his
position had previously been so promi
nent among the patriots here, and a* some
of his friends denied the accusations
against him, he won again the confidence
of those who were here for the independ
ence of Cuba in the very stronghold of
b;aiu. In this way he cams into posses
sion of important secrets. The result is
now another denunciation attributed to
him, in which an American is involved,
and which has aroused intense indigna
tion here among the Cubans.
The Spanish police discovered about a
year ago in a house in San Rafael street a
quantity of explosives and other muni
tions of war destined for tha Cubans.
Several persons were arrested, among
them a woman of good family named Ana
Sotolongo, who was immediately locked
up in the house ior disreputable women.
As no evidence couli be obtawied by the
Spaniards, the trial of the prisoners, as
nsual in these cases, was indefinitely de
layed, and Ana Sotolongo was kept in her
cell suffering day after day tbe many
privations and insults.
The patriotic woman had friends, how
ever, in the city who were trying to aid
her to escape. When all th ■ plans to aid
her were ready she escaped by jumping
from a window to the street, only to be
later discovered by the Spanish police in
a house on Yirtudes street and rearrested.
Her presence there had been cart-fully con
cealed and she was awaiting an opportu
nity to join one of tUe revolutionary
forces near Havana, and from there ex
pected to be sent to Key West or some
other place in toe United dtates in a spe
cial boat. Only the member? of the Junta
here and Beto knew where she was. Beto
is accused again of denouncing Ana Soto
longo and the others as her accomplices.
Scott is highly esteemed here, and if he
had anything to do with the escape o;
Ana Sotolonpo it was only because he
sympathized with the woman in her terri
ble position.
Consu!-General Lee has interfered in
his behalf and has asked for Scott a civil
trial.
fiotnrz flortlei th* Spaniard*.
HAVANA, Cuba, Feb. 39.— A report was
in circulation to-day to the effect that the
rebel forces under Maximo Gomez had re
turned to the vicinity of the city of Santa
Clara, but investigation showed that there
was no basis r hatsoever for the report.
Brltith 7<»r« to Honor II nihington.
WASHINGTON, D. C. Feb. 19.— The
Navy Department has received telegraphic
application from Major Carlson of San
Diego for permission for the Britiuh
cruiser Comas to land its forces to take
part in the great land parade on Wash
ington's birthiiay. Tne request was re
ferred to Secretary Olney.
NEITHER M'COOK
NOR GARY CHOSEN
They May Get Portfolios,
but It Is Not Yet So
Decided.
Ex-Governor Lcng May Go From
the Navy to the Justice
Department.
It Wculd App ar That There Is Still
a Doubt as to New Ycrk's
Chances.
CANTON, Ohio. Feb. 19.— Two impor- I
tant pieces of political news were devel- <
oped here to-day. One is that James A.
Gary of Baltimore has been offered and
has accepted a position in Major McKin
ley's Cabinet. The other is that J. J. Me-
Cook of New York, who is being favora- L
bly considered by Major McKinly in;
connection with a Cabinet position, has j
not been offered a portiolio, nor has Mr. i
McCook been definitely determined upon
for a Cabinet position, and if he does be
come a meniDer of the Cabinet it is not
absolutely certain that he will be the j
Attorney-General, or that Mr. Gary will
be made Postmaster-General. This is on
high authority.
When the announcement of the Cabinet
is made it may seem well to the President
elect to transfer ex-Governcr Long, whom
he has fixed upon for the Navy Dercrt
ment to the Department of Justice, leav
ing the Navy portfolio for a New York
man or for Mr. Gary in case it is decided
to give the Postmaster-Generalship to
New York.
Mr. Gary has been an active Republican
worker in Maryland for more than fifteen
years, and for a long period was a mem
ber of the Republican National Committee
lrom that State. Major McKinley has
known him for fifteen years, and has
deemed him one of the foremost business
men of the South.
Major McKinley is improving rapidly in
health, but adheres firmly to his resolu
tion to see no visitors save those who come
by appointment. The only caller he haa
received this w»ek was Mr. Gary.
GARY FOR IHIC CABISET.
Says He Ha* firm Offered a Portfolio
■ , -by Mcliinley.
. PITTSBURG, Pa., Feb. James A.
Standing in the Snow Near the Pavilion on Cook's Ranch, Where Fitzsimmons Will Train.
Gary of Baltimore has been tendered the
position of Postmaster-General in Presi
dent-elect MeKinley's Cabinet. He said
so himself at the Union station to-night,
where he stopped off for dinner on his
way to Baltimore from his visit to Major
McKinley in Canton, on the invitation of
the latter.
After admitting that he had been ten
dered a Cabinet place a reporter askert
him, "Then I may say you will accept?"
"No," he answered, "you will be sure of
that in just about two days."
When asked whether the Cabinet of
President-elect McKiniey would be made
up as rsported, Mr. Gary answered that
be could not talk on that or any other po
litical subject.
"In a few days," said he, "everybody
will know everything. Just now 1 dare
not talk."
It was inferred, however, that all the
Cabinet positions had not yet found cer
tain holders.
JAMES ALBERT GARI.
■tiecord of the Man If ho Will He the K«xt
J*»tttnnister- General.
BALTIMORE, Md,, Feb. 19. -James
Albert Gary, selected Postmaster-General
in President McKinley's Cabinet, is a
widely known man of Baltimore and has
been prominent in Republican politics
since 1870 when lie was nominated for
Congress in the Fifth Maryland District.
In 1879 the Republicans nominated him
for Governor. In those days the State
was hopelessly Democratic anil Mr. Gary
.failed of election although he made an
Active canvass. lie has been a Maryland
delegate to every National convention of
his i arty since 1872, and from 1880 to 1896
represented his State upon the Republican
National Committee.
Mr. Gary was born in Uncasville, Conn.,
in 1836, of English descent. In business
he has been 1-ighly successful. He owns
valuable cotton-duck mills and is also
largely interested in ottier business cor
porations in Baltimore and vicinity. For
several years he was president of the Mer
chants and Manufacturers' Association
juid is now vice-president of the Citizens'
National Bank and also holds director
ships in several other concerns.
UteCoole -Not Selected.
NEW YORK. N. V., Feb. 19.— Colonel
John J. McCook said to-day that all
the news he has of his alleged selection
for the Attorney-Generalship is contained
in the press dispatches from Canton. He
asserted that he had received no intima
tion, direct or indirect, that Major Mc-
Kinley intends making him a member of
his Cabinet. Colonel McCook said that he
had never autherz d any of his friend-; to
use his name as that of a candidate for a
portfolio.
Payment* » tide, for Hat tie- Ships.
WASHINGTON. D. C, Feb. 19.— The
Navy Department to-day made the first
payment on the battle-ship Alabama at
Cramp's shipyard, Philadelphia, amount
intr to $58.333: also the twenty-sixth pay
ment of $!X),HOO for the lowa at the same
yard, making next to the last payment on
that vessel before she is delivered to the
Government.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
CHAMPION
JIM HARD
AT WORK
Nevada Officials Witness
Some Very Lively
Training.
GOVERNOR SADLER SEES
THE SPORT.
Corbett Receives the News That
Fitz Also Has a "B.x" on
His Train.
NOW Il'S HORSE AND HOE3E
WITH THE HOODOO.
Martin Julian Prepares for the R -
ception of Lanky Bob, Who
Arrives To-Day.
CAKSON, Nev., Feb. 19.— Lanky Bob
Fitzsimrnons, the famous red-headed Cor
nishman who is to do battle with James
J. Corbett on St. Patrick's day for the
championship of the world, will arrive in
Carson to-morrow morning with his
family and reii-uie of trainers. This will
constitute tne last of the big events an
ticipated by the people here prior to the
great battle itse i f, and judging from the
talk and excitement on the streets to
nicht nearly the entire populace will turn
out to welcome the man who has pro
claimed that he will thump the pompa
dour champion into insensibility within a
few short and swoet rounds.
Martin Julian left, to-night for Reno in
order to meet his brother-in-law bright
and eariy anil escort him to Carson. In
cidentally Martin will take good pains to
impart to Bob all of the gossip he has
lieard during the few ilays he has been in
town, the bulk of it being in reference to
Corb=-tt's supposed physical condition.
Julian is pnzstod regarding Corbett.
While he has had no opportunity to get a
glimpse of Corbett stripped and at prac
tice, still he managed to slip a friend or
two into the opera-honse where Corbett
has been practicing daily with his trainers
and has received reports from them.
Julian is said now to entertain a sus
picion that the Californian has be j n play
ing 'possum. In other words, he has a
notion that Corbett and his friends have
been encouraging the spreading of rumors
to the effect that he was "not ritrht" in
the hope that Fitzsimmons might grow
careless in his own preparatory work,
while the truth of the matter is that he is
in better fix than he has been in years.
Julian is not the sort of chap to be easily
caught napping, and the chances are that
he will talk to his protege, Fitzsimmons,
like the proverbial Dutch uncle when it
comes down to discussing training items.
A private telegram was received liere
to-day which had a decided disturbing
effect upon the friends and admirers of
Fitzsimmons and caused Julian's face to
blanch. It was to the effect that the tall
Cornishman had seriously injured his
right arm near the elbow yesterday whi.e
taking exercise en route to the battlefield.
There were no particulars to be learned
iurther than this bare announcement and
nothine definite will probably be known
until he arrives here to tell the story with
his own lips.
Julian after he had recovered from his
first scare was disposed to treat the matter
rather lightly. "If it had been anything
seriou?," he said, "I would have received
a telegram beiore this." Fit&simmons*
manager is inclined to think that Bob'a
injury will be found to be a wrench or a
bruiae received while wrestling with
Ernest Roeber, one of his trainers. Roe
ber, he says, is a veritable giant in
strength, and when he and Fitz get hold
of each other their play is decidedly rough
and conducive to hard knocks and twisting.
Before his departure for Reno Manager
Julian took a sleigh ride out to Cook's
ranch, the place chosen for Fitmaimmons'
training-quarters, just to see if everything
was in apple-pie order for the pugilist's
reception. It is his intention to taKe Fit*
out to the ranch as soon after his arrival
as possible, rather than permit him to
loiter around many hours in town and
risk the chances of a brawl with Corbett2
or some of the latter's friends. It wouM
not take much to start Corbett and Fitz
at each other right In the street or
wherever they should chance to meet.
While returning from the ranch Julian
repeated his j>e;forrnance of yesterday by
being dumped out of his sleigh. He
landed on his bead in the middle of the
road, but the snow w;»s soft and spongy
and he escaped without injury. The
rotund little manager confessed after he
had been placed on his feet right side up
with care that he could not drive a sleigh
a little bit.
Jim Corbett gave a private athletic per
formance this afternoon before a select
party of Nevadans. The chief guest was
Governor Sadler, the man vho has be
come world famous because of his signing
of the now celebrated Garrard prize-right
ing bill, thus making possible the consum
mation of me great battle for the world's
championship. Along with the Governor
were a number of legislators and State
official?. They were delighted with the
exhibition and came out of the Opera
house convinced that Fitzs'mmons woulJ
have to prove himself more than a phe
nomenon to whip such a man.
CorDett snowed ihem how he worked
wi;h his trainers, sparring and wrestling
alternately with Biily Woods and Jack
McVey, and winding up with a red-not
bout with his brother Joe. Tbe latter is
rather too light for Jim, but he is a quick
and shifty boxer and hits extremely
hard. During this performance, which
lasted nearly an hour, Corbeit did not rest
a second. As soon as Woods would peg
out he would seize McVey'for clinch prac
tice, ana then after the big wrestler was
exhausted would resume sparring with
Woods.
"He's boxing faster and hitting harder
every day," remarked Woods a:ter one of
the bouts, as with i.is handkercuief he
mopped up the blood that was trickling
from nis nose. "I've j;ot good wind my
self, tut he pumps me out in no time. I'm
a veritable punching-tag for him, and he
doesn't spare me at all. But, just the
name, I stopped some of his very best
blows to-day.' 1
"How was that. Billy? I did not
notice," innocently asked Kid Egan.
"Why, with my face, of course," replied
the Denver cyclone, with an expansive
grin.
Woods could not resist cracking a joke,
even if Corbett had fractured his skull.
Corbett exercised twice to-day and ex
pressed himself as having gained consider
ably in strengtn and quickness &ince his
arrival in Carson. He says he 13 of the
opinion that he will thow to better ad
vantage in this climate and altitude than
in any location where ha ever trained or
fought be'ore. This is great news for his
friends and backers, as they have feared
all along that the rare atmosphere of
Carson would have a deteriorating effect
upon his system, and would seriously
interfere with his chances of getting into
the condition necessary to cope with such
a skilled and tough customer as Fitz-
BimmoDs.
It has been noticed that during Cor
bett's bouts with his trainers he does not
make so much nse of tha famous "side
ttep" wiin which he has tantehzad many
an antagonist. Iv the old days of his as
cendency in the Oiympic Club he em
ployed the aide step constantly and with
such skill and perfection that whoever
boxed with him was sure to be made to
Appear awkward and foolish.
"I have not abandoned the side step al
together," explained the champion to
day, '•but experience has tau^M me that
too frequent resort vo it is dangerous, .t'ar
ticuiariy is this the case wbeo opposing a
man who uses the taciics of Fitzsimmons.
The latter seidom makes a straight lead,
but u^es the hook blow with either hand
instead. Now, nothing is more effective
in avoiding a straight lead than the Bide
step, and besides it gives one an opportu
nity to eeud a heavy bow into his oppo
nent's wind after the mis>; but when he
uses the hook mutters are quite different.
By side-stepping then you are apt to bump
your jaw square into your opponent's fi.-t.
1 don't propose to make any mistake of
that kind if I can help it."
Eddie Cooke, Corbett'a handsome press
agent, rushed breathlessly into the Ar
lington Hotel to-day, and seizing the
champion by the lapel dragged him off
into a corner.
"oay, Jim, I've gotgreat newa for you,"
he whispered between his gasps, "I just
learned that JTitzsimmons got a box on
his trahi, too."
"The deuce you say," said Corbett, his
countenance lighting up with a smile,
"now we are horse and horse."
The solution of this mysterious lingo
came afterward. Fighters, it appears, are
as superstitious as sailors. Nothing will
cause the hair of a pugilist to rise on
end quicker than to find that a corp-e is
being shipped on the same train that is
carrying him to a battlefield. It is a
"hoodoo" of the most malignant type and
the ring oracles say ti at no man can win
a right who has bad the ill luck to go
throueh such an experience. Now when
Corbett was being trundled hither from
Ean Francisco on the Atlantic Express he
was horrified by the discovery when ieav
ing Truckee that the express car contained
a "box." He had half a mind to turn
back and begin the journey over again.
Billy Woods wrung his hands in despair
and said it was "all off for sure," while
big Jack McVey Bat down and mumbled a
favorite devil-driving incantation.
But now comes the news that Fitzsim
rnons has been no more fortunate than
his opponent, for the train that is bring
ing him this way also carries a coffin.
Cooke's announcement of tnis fact was in
deed a morsel of relief for Corbett, and
explains the fervor wi< h which he declared
it was "horse and horse.' 1
But the" tidings brought no good lnck
with them for Cooke himself, for not ten
minutes after he released the lobe of the
Front View of the Carson Pavilion in Which th: Fight I; to Take Place.
rTrrvroTro^TToTnmnnroTroT^
>o ©{
§ ANOTHER CORBETT LETTER. 3
g CARSON, Nev., Feb. 19, 1897. °j
£ To the Examiner Exclusively : 3
£ Wasn't that a dreadful thing THE CALL did this morning? 3
C Actually printed my letter to you, including parts which were 3
*> not meant to be printed. They call it an intercepted letter. 3
£ Now, I would like to know what a stolen letter is like? And I 3
G would like to know whether or not the theft of a letter val- 3
g ued at $1000 is grand larceny ? °<
£ 1 had a light breakfast of mush and milk this morning. 1 «
v forgot to arrange my pompadour until 10:15 o'clock. These 3
g facts are exclusive. 3
£ 1 read Fitzsimmons' letter in the Examiner this morning, 5
£ and in justice to him am obliged to admit that it is almost as 3
g interesting as my own. 3
£ 1 am sure 1 can whip Fitzsimmons. 3
S I see by the affidavit at the head of our editorial column 3
g that we lost over a thousand subscribers in January. You °j
jo bet, we won't lose so many this month. Me and Fitz are now 3
£ on the staff and the month is shorter. 5
£ I skinned the forefinger of my right hand while punching 3
p the bag at 2:30 o'clock this afternoon. My physicians are of 3
C the opinion that the injured member will be all right before 3
g the fight comes off. 3
£ Bet on me. 3
c I will retire at 1 1 to-night and will take a hot stovelid to 3
g bed with me to keep my feet warm. «P
1 had a letter from the Police Gazette to-day. They 2
v want me to break my contract with you and write for them. 3
P» 1 didn't consider the proposition for a moment. Your Jimmie g
£ is. true to you. • 3
£ Up to date the Police Gazette is the only paper that has 3
r» tried to take me from you. 1 think that is very strange.
£ Bet against Fitz. 3
fe Three photographs of me were taken yesterday, and as 3
g per contract I send them to you exclusively. Our readers <H
g will doubtless be delighted to see them, as no photographs of 3
£ me have been published for two days. 3
g EXCLUSIVE PHOTOG%APHS OF ME.
£ It's all around here that some one in the office is writing 3
C the articles to which my name is signed. A mug met me to- «>
jo day and he says to me, "Jim," he says, "I'll bet Ambrose 2
£ Bierce is writing them stories over your sig." °
>o "Why do you think so ?" I asked. 3
>o "Because they're all prattle," he says, and then he 2
£ begins gasping almost as bad as I did when Sharkey was 3
j° through with me. "> eJ
jo Now I leave all the credit of writing these letters to go 3
v where it belongs. At the same tim? 1 don't want to stir up 3
£» jealousy among the members of our staff, where jealousy 3
>o never has been, for, as I have said, I respect all of them ex- ©
G ceptMr. Earp. £
C Now, this is what I'll do: Hereafter I'll make an affidavit °
£ that the articles which bear my name were really written ©
£ by me. 3
C I think it was rather raw in you to engage the referee as 2
(o a writer. You remember Mr. Earp was first writer and then ©
fe referee, and it's painful to think of the result to us. There %
c isn't a sport this side of the Rockies who doesn't think the 3
g Examiner fixed Earp, and heft we are blowing about hiring 3
£ another referee to write lor us. ' 3
£ Dang Earp, anyway. 3
pa I know I can whip Fitz out of his boots. 5
v Yours for the stuff, %
£ JAMES. 3
AFFIDAVIT.
£ City of Carson, ) 3
C State of Nevada. S ss ' «j
*> James J. Corbett, being duly sworn, deposes and says 3
g that he is a native of California and at this time a resident of Sj
C Nevada; that he is by profession a new journalist and 3
g pugilist, and that he is the sole and only writer of the fore- °j
£ going letter. 5
£ (Signed) JAY CORBETT, n. j. 3
j*» Attest: Sammie Davis, Notary Public. °j
£ P. S. — For heaven's sake don't let THE CALL get hold 3
£of this. J. Sj
champion's ear, he accidentally stuck his
little finger into a cutter on the hotel
counter and had the tip of it chopped off.
Corbet's handball court was completed
out at Bhaws Springs to-day, and to-mor
row will witness the removal of himself
and handlers to the trainers' quarters.
They will not return until the day of the
great fight. The party will comprise be
nide the champion, Billy Woods, McVev,
Ei an and Joe Corbett. To these will be
adcird B<lly Delaney, Charley White and
Jeffries as soon as this trio arrives next
week.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 20, 1897.
Director-General Dan Stuart's condition
was reported to ba far improved to-day,
and it is thought he will bo allowed out
for an airing to-morrow. Stuart is pleased
with the announcement that there is a
possibility of the Missouri Legislature
legalizing boxin?, and tiiat a committee
of that body may be sent here to see how
the big mill is conducted, to as to be in a
position to make a report.
Smart sent the following telegram to*
day to Representative Radio, Tbo intro
duced the resolution calling for the ap
pointment of an investigating committee:
Dear Sir: In anticipation of the passage of
your resolution I have reserved for the use of
yoxft committee five of the best seats in the
pavilion. Glad to have you come and investi
gate. Dan a. Stuart.
George Siler, the Chicago man who is to
referee the big mill, had some long and
earnest conversations with both CorDett
and Julian this afternoon with reference
to the intended behavior of the pugilists
when in the ring. He impressed upon
both men the importance of furnishing
the public a clear., manly and square con
test, as the very life of the sport in Ne
vada depended upon their conduct. Cor
bett declared that no one would have
cause for complaint reea ding his tactics,
and Julian vouched for Fitzsimmons. In
order that everybody who attends the bat-
Interior of the Pavilion Where Fitzsimmons Will Train.
tie may thoroughly understand the Mar
quis o! Queens,berry rules, as well as the
boxers themselves, Hiler intends to have
the regulations published in full within a
few days.
OXE CARMV'L FEATURE.
Jt lfill ne a jsire-l'itjcon Shoot for
Heavy fttnkrt.
CARSON*, Nfv., Feb. 10.— Stuart has de
cided to make a live-bird shoot a feature
of the Carson carnival. To-day he stated
that he would add $1000 to a live-bird
handicap, and such men as Cavrer, Mc-
Allister, Budd, Parmeiee and marksmen
of that ilk will be seen in the contest.
Entries will close one day before the
shoot with L. it. Houseman, care of the
carnival headquarters, Carbon. The $1000
will be added to sweepstakes made up of
entry fees of contestants. James Whit-
Seld, sporting editor of the Kansas City
Star, will have the nan :icapping in charge.
Th« Star's championship trophy wiil be in
competition. The following telegram was
received here this evening from Chicago:
The Western States Passenger Association
will announce to-day, basing a r.-.te of the
lowest first-class fare from Ogden to Chicago,
added to & $35 rate tram Ogden to Carson.
Ground Plan of the Eig Pavilion for the Fistic Carnival at Carson
This makes the through rate $76 50 trom
Chicago and $72 50 from St. Louts. Tickets
are to be sold March 12 and 13, limited to re
turn March 25.
The Silar-Hogan train will leave Chi
cago Saturday, March 13, at 6p. M., over
the Chicago and Alton to Kansas, thence
over the Union Pacitic to Ogden, and from
O-'den on over the Central Pacific to Reno
and over the Virginia and Truckee from
Reno to Carson. The pnrty will reach
this city Tuesday, March 16, at 10 a. m.
To-day's train brought in no less than
eight representatives of Eastern news
papers, and a larger number is expected
to-morrow. Reporters' headquarters in
tho hall leased by the Western Union are
being hurried to completion, una all
writers will be comfortable by Monday.
Notwithstanding the unfavorable condi
tion, the company is moving 30,000 words a
night with excellent facility.
Hundreds of telegrams addressed to
Stuart requesting him to reserve seatb for
visitors from distant pointscontinue toar
nve daily. Rejranling the messages, Mr.
Wheelock said this evening: "It is im
possible for us to make any reservations.
Where cash accompanies the order ihe
bnyer will receive the best seats available
at the time the message reaches Carson.
This is absolutely necessary to avoid con
fubion. All will be treated alike. 1 '
Til ZSI 31 M O-> S CO.y FIDE AT.
Thinks Ha Will Kamily Knock Out Jltn
Corbrtt.
SALT LAKE, Utah, Feb. 19.— 80b Fiiz
simmons and tm trainer attended a musi
cal performance at the Mormon Taber
nacle, took a bath in the natural hot water
at the sanitarium, and visited several of
tin 1 Mormon commercial institutions of
the city, leaving on the noon Union Pa
cific train for Carson, where he will arrive
on Saturday and no into hard training.
Fitzsimrnons says he weigh.* at present
160 pounds, and will increase his weight to
about 170 pounds before going into the
rin<.
He did not feel the altitude here to any
marked decree, and was disposed to poke
fun at Corbett, who, when here ten days
a o, was quite distressed by the rarity of
the atmosphere.
Referring to Corbett's sparring exhibi
tions Fitzsimnaons says Corbett instructs
his sparring partner (McVey) not to hit
him hard on the stage and gives a very
childish exhibition, and once when Me-
Vey let loose in a genuine hard hit Cor
bett threatened to discharge him.
Fitzsimmons talks very loud and affects
to believe that it will be an easy task for
him to knock Corbett out.
JOE VE>UIG MOZtjy OUT.
So He Will Sue Stuart for Some cf the
I.D-t Money
NEW YOKK, N. V., Feb. 19 —Howe &
Hurnmell. attorneys for Joe Vendig. tfie
well-known sporting man, were to-day in
structed to commence lesral proceedings
against Dan Stuart. It is alleged that
Stuart fa. led to keep an agreement which
was signed in June, 1895.
Stuart, Vendig says, promised to share
expenses, profits or losses of bringing Cor
bett ana Fitzsiramons together. The
counsel fees would be $1500 and the rent of
the arena would be $2,500. Vendig says
that he told Stuart to po ahead, but after
the latter reach sd Texas h<* wrote a letter,
saying that the cost would be much more.
In reply to this letter, Vendig says that be
wrote Stuart to po ahead and draw on him
whenever he needed money.
It is now a matter of history that the
bout was prohibited in Texas owing to the
action of ihe Legislature, and after a
fruitless tffort to bring it off in Arkansas
Stuart presented an Itemized bill to Ven
dig for expenses amounting to $20,522 and
an additional bill of $1390.
When Stuart and Vendig parted at
Little Rock, Ark., in the autumn of 1895
Vendig that Stuart promised to fol
low Fiiz^mmons to Australia and that he
told Stuart to go ahead, and that he would
be with him in anything that he should
do. A month later Wndiir received a
message from Stuart, who was then at
Houston, Tex., saying that he had offered
$•20,000 as a purse for Corbett ar*d Fitz
sim mons to fight anywhere.
This proposition, Ye.idig says, he noti-
tied Stuart that he was willing to abide
by. Stuart came on to New York in De
cember if that year with articles signed
by Fitzsimmons to fight Corbett, as well
as a verbal agreement to fight Maher.
When the artic.es were presented to Cor
bett he refused to s'uzn them, but said in
the presence of witnesses at the St. James
Hotel that he would fisrht the winner of
the Fitzsimmons-Maher battle.
Maher signed the articles for a $10,000
pur. c and Stuart left this city to get Fitz
simmons' signature. When Fitzsirnmons
signed Stuart wired Vendig that he had
to give Fitzsiramons $1000 fcr doing so.
The arrangements were all perfected for
the bout ai El Paso, but when it was
found Impossible to bring the fight oft at
that place Vendig says that Stuart and he
agreed to bring it off in Langtry.
Stuart said that they had a "goose egg"
before them, but they both agreed to bring
off the tiglit so as to show the public that
they meant business and that they would
easily recoup tl.eir losses by bringing Cor
bett and Fi:z3immous together later on.
One hundred and ten people paid to see
the fiiih t at Langtry and when S:uart end
Vendig compared notes they found that
they had lost $13 on the speculation.
This showed a total loss under the arti
cles of agreement of nearly $35,000, half of
which Vendig paid. Fnzsimmons made
a tour through Eiieland and on his return
he was met in this city by Stuart, and
with Vendig's consent Stuart traveled all
over Mexico to secure a ba t tie- ir round on
which the Corbett-Fhzsimmons contebt
could be pulled off.
Fitzsimmons and Corbett signed the
articles for the coming rh-ht and Stuart
went ahead to make arrangements. Ven
dig claims that Stuart failed to corre
spond with nim, and later on the Viti
scope Company was organized, with Ven
dig holding 15 per cent oi its capital.
W. H. Wheelock, who was Stuart's sec
retary, called on Vendig lor funds, and
Vendig says he advanced him $1336 in
accordance with arrangements which Ven
ui<r made with Stuart.
A few days aeo Venrtig received a teie
eraru from Stuart, dated Carson City,
which said that Stuart was willing to give
Vendig pooling interests on the event,
but nothing more. Vendig then felt that
he was being frozen out, and immediately
informed his lawyers.
GENERAL TREATY
WILL GO OVER
Evident That No Vote on
the Measure Will Be
Had This Session.
Fi ibustering Engaged In With
Od-Time V.gor by Op
ponents o* the Bill.
Senator Dani 1 M kes an Impassicn d
Address Impugning England's
Mo.iv s
WASHINGTON, D. C. Feb. 19.— When
the Senate adjourned at 8 o'clock to-night,
after a secret session of seven and a half
hours, it was apparent to the most san
guine friends of the general treaty of arbi
tration with Great Britain that no vote
could be secured at this session of the
Senate. The fact that a motion to post
pone until March 5 had been defeated by
a vote of 34 to 20 afforded no satislaction.
On the contrary it emphasized the fact
that those fighting the treaty intended
there should be affirmative action of no
Kind. The debate proceeded in regular
order until 6 o'clock, when the Senators,
tired of the discussion anil weary in body,
left the chamber and proceeded to their
homes. For two hours longer there wa3 a
dreary succession Of aye and no calls and
calls of the Senate for the purpose of se
curing a quorum, which was no sooner
found to be present than it would disap
pear. Filibustering was indulged in with
the old-time vigor, and when, after two
hours of this sort of thing, the call of the
Senate failed to establish the presence of
a quorum a motion to adjourn prevailed
and the treaty was left hanging in the air.
At the close of yesterday's session Sher
man gave notice that heshouid to-day ask
the Senate to vote. The debate began as
soon as the doors were closed with consid
erable energy on the part of the friends of
the treaty; but they soon wearied of
their struggle with the inevitable. Lodge
and Frye spoke briefly but with a great
deal of spirit, urging that the vote be
taken this afternoon. Lodge aaid there
could be no doubt but that every Senator
had made up his mind how he should
vote, and any further delay would be a
waste of time and an exhibition of a de
sire to prevent action of any sort.
The speech of Senator Lodge was an ef
fort to "shell the bushes," and it was suc
cessful in driving into the open the ene
mies of the treaty. He was confronted
with a retort from Senators Teller anci
Stewart to the effect that no vote could ba
had. Teller then took the floor and spoke
for an hour against the treaty and against
present action. »
Immediately upon the closing of the
doors of the Senate the treaty was taken
up for consideration, and Nelson of Min
nesota made another speech urging that
action be postponed until the Senate con
vened on March 5 next. He called att< n
tion to the press 01 business on tiie senate
calendar, and dwelt espec ally upon the
need fur the passage oi some iorm of
bankruptcy act.
Piatt of Connecticut again antagonized
postponement, believing that the be~t in
terests of the country demanded immedi
ate action. Mr. Frye of Maine, who, as
s ated yesterday, wss inclined to think
postponement would be the proper course,
came out this morning in & short but spir
ited speech advocating action by the Sen
ate to-day. Senator Siewart of Nevada
strongly urged postponement aud was fol
lowed by Senator Teller of Colorado in the
same vein. Teller, as a member of the
Committee on Appropriations, told his
colleagues that tne Senate would have ail
it could <lo to pass remaining bilis between
now and March 4.
The demand for an immediate vote was
made almost &s soon as the doora were
closed by Senators Lodge and Frye, each
of whom spoke for hve minutes. Teller
retorted promptly that no vote on the
treaty itself should be taken, and the de
bate then begun indicates the intention of
the opponents to wear out the Senate un
til, by sueer exhaustion, it is willing to
vote to postpone. The merits of the treaty
can be discussed in lv.l on the motion to
postpone, and this was done.
In the course of his argument Mr. Teller
said that he was not prepared to say that
he should not vote for the treaty. He
favored the principle of arbitration, but
the treaty bad been bungled and bally
drawn End he believed there should be
auiDle time for consideration.
Tne more the treaty was discussed the
more became the objections that, had been
made to it
The fcenate, Teller said, ought not to be
cailed upon to vote upon bo important a
question at thia late day in the session.
The State Department had baen four years
in framing a treaiy which it believp 1 to be
now Derfeci, but which the majority of
the Senate knew did not protect the in
terests of the American people. If the
State Department with its men skilled in
diplomatic procedure had b^en four years
preparing a treaty why, Teller asked,
would the administration and thecountry
be so insistent that the Senate should deal
tinally with the subject in a few weeks?
Daniel of Virginia addressed the Senate
for upward of two hours, and made a
powerful impression. He was against the
treaty, and advanced some of the .--trong
e««t arguments that have yet been hearJ.
War was not a bad thin:.. Daiiiel said,
when the nation that went to war had the
richton its side and was upholding the
honor and integrity of its people. The
United Stales was the only country that
Great Britain feared, and if she coulil put
us under bonds to keep the peace Great
Britain would go ahead with her policy of
aggression and aggrandizement and laugh
at any pro est that we might make or
defy any position we might assume
against her oppression of the peoples of
the Western Tlemisphere. The American
people were a people of peace; the policy
of the country for*r2o years nad been one
of peace.
It had arbitrated its differences time
and again and was pledged to that prin
ciple, but when it went into a solemn
compact for that purpose with Great
Britain there siionld be an equality of
terms. The United States had everything
to los* by tne treaty and G cat Britain
everything to gain. The Congress of the
United Stairs 1 ad never der'arvd war un
jAre worth more i:»au ihour; ». lisa met ih«j
pnre, rich, nourishing blooU is given and goo 4
health established and maintained by taking
Sarsaparilla
The Best— ln fact The One True Blood Purifier;
UnniTc Dillc are the only pills to . M taJW
ItOOQ S I HIS with Hood's Sarbapanlla.
less such war was jurtifiable; the United
States had never acquired any territory by
war unless as the result of a war that wag
ofdeenseor necessary for the perpetua
tion of the Republic.
"I love the blood o! the Revolntion/'v
said Mr. Dar.iei in one of his impassioned |
utterances. "It in full of al that is great '
and noble in the history of this country."
Mr. Daniel then proceeded to show that
the lessons of the Revolution oueht not to
be forgotten, and that tte people of the
United States should be wary of any over
tures made to them by her traditional
enemy— Great Britain— spaaking ti ough
they do the same language. Of all the
power*, England was the one which the
Uuited States should refuse to blindly
follow.
It would be a sorry day for this Nation
when its hnnds were tied by an acreement
that gave Great Britain all she asknd and
'compelled us to Keep quiet in th* face of
the policy that that Nation will continue
to follow, regardless of any solemn pledge
she may give.
During the course of an analytic criti
cism of the treaty Mr. Daniel said the
members of the Supreme Court ought not
to be designated as rap tubers of the arr>i.
tration tribunal. He iavored the inser
tion of an amendment that leit the mem
bership of that court to the President by
and with the advice and consent of the
Senate.
Hoar suggested that the members of the
Supreme Court had already been con
firmed by the Senate and each member of
that body was well known to the Seriate.
"That may be true," replied Daniel.
"We Know the members of that court an-l
we know them all to.be honorable men,
but this treaty is for the future. We do
not know who may be the members of
this tribunal in the future. All our Fre i
dents have been good men and have ap
pointed good men, but we do not know
that all our coming Presidents will be
zood men, as they will not be actuated by
the same motives that have aciuated
thoa" who have gone before."
The last speech of the day was made by
Senator Linds;iy of Kentucky, who urged
the ratification of the convention and-,
action to-duy. He spoke for almost an\
hour, devoting the most of his time to a
refu ation of the legal arguments au- '
vanced by Senator Daniel and others who
have during this debate taken the ground
that the Senate was asked to yield up its
prerogatives as a part of the treaty
making power.
At the end of his speech Lindsay made
a motion to postpone the consideration of
the treaty. Motions to aOjourn were in
variably voted down or developed the
absence of v quorum. Sherman pleaded
in vain for an asreeraent for a day and
hour upon which tuevote might be taken.
Every suggestion of his was objected to
and one roilcull succeeded anotuer, and
finally it was impossible to secure a
quorum. A motion waa then made and
carried instructing tiie sergeant-at-arms
to arrest absent Senators and bring them
before the bar of the Senate. While the
ser?eant-at-arms was preparing his war
rants the friends of tne treaty held a con
sultation, which resulted in a motion to
adjourn by Gallinger. This prevailed,
and. without any notice dP the part of
Shsrman that he would again call up the
treaty, the Senate at 8 o'clock adjourned.
It is not improbable, however, that
Sherman may make one more effort to
secure a vote.
VEM:ZTjELA.y CORGUt.bS TO MEET.
lhe Proponed, Agreement Will Probably
Jio Adopted Without modification.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Fob. 19.— The
Venezuelan Congress will meet at Caracas
to-morrow, when it is expected President
Crespo's message will strongly urge the
prompt ratification of the Guiana boundary
arbitration treaty.
No doubt is expressed that the agree
ment will be approved without modifica
tion, and that the next executive steps
will soon be taken to give effect-to its pro
visions.
FEW TO-DAr
Rheumatism v
t Ruins
many an otherwise
healthy, robust person.
It attacks the human
system like an insidious
foe, striking like a jav-
elin of steel into the
joints and muscles, mak-
ing any muscular effort
painful. In its milder
forms it comes and goes,
sometimes with the
Win. Fitzgerald, weather or the seasons,
someiim with the bod-
ily conditions, but if unchecked it becomes
chronic - nd makes a confirmed cripple of
its victim.
Rheumatism Cured.
Sax Francisco, Cal., Feb. 13, 1897.
Stale Electro Medical Institute— Dear Doctors.
When I commenced your Kleciri -Medical treat-
ment I was an Invalid from rheunia:lsm. About
eight years ago I was attacked with inflammatory
rheumatism, which after a time changed to sciat-
ica, A number of the be.i physicians of baa
Francisco treated me and pronounced my case in-
curable. Nothing gave me permanent relief until
1 tried your £lectro-medical treatment. I had
tried electricity alone, and as for inking medicines
alone, I had exhausted the catalogue or medicines.
Your giving of medicines in conjunction with elec-
tricity—the coin Dined treatment is what cured me.
No one who has known me doubts It. Every ele-
ment of mv being gives demonstration 01 the gen
uineae.l3 of the cure. Yours respectfully,
WILLIAM FITZGERALD
961 Mission St., San Francisco, Cal.
While the cures of the Institute have
been unparalleled in cases of this charac-
ter, a perfect and prompt cure is guaran-
teed 01 :
Diseases of Cancer,
Kidneys, Tumor,
Heart, Dyspepsia,
Women, Catarrh, 1
Brain, Consumption, J'
Nerves, Rupture,
Eye, Blood Taints,
Throat, Asthma,
Bowels, Impotency.
WRITE if you cannot call at the In-
stitute. Describe your troubles by letter
and the doctors will advise you what to do.
Strictest confidence observed.
STATE ELECTRO-MEDICAL INSTITUTE
Located at the Comer of
Market, Powell and Eddy Streets,
ENTRANCE 3 EDUY STREET,
San Francisco. Ca'.
427 KEARNY STREET
WILL REMOVE TO
16 KEARNY STREET
THIS MONTH. .
I'^PERMANENT CURE !
> of the most obstinate cases of Gonorrhoea and S
2 Gleet, guaranteed In from 3 to 6 days; no>
2 other treatment reqnlred, and without the n*u-»
2 seating results of dosing with Cubans. CopBit>» 2
<or6ar>dal-Wood. J.Ferr* Co., (successors to C
< Brou^ Pharniaclen, Paris. At all druggist*. <
j^MA>WWVVWVVWWVtfWWVWWVVWVWWWWW«TRUSTS' METHODS
PARTLY EXPOSED
Lexow Committee Continues
Its Investigation of
Monopolies.
Opera f ion of the Contract of the
National Wall Paper
C mpany.
Manner in Which the United States
Rubber Compary's Stock Was
D:stributed
NEW YORK, N. V.. Feb. 19.-The
joint legislative comnntiee appointed to
investigate the existence oi trusts and
monopolies it. New York resumed its ses
sions this niornirp. It was 10 :30 o'clock
when Senator Lexow rapped for ordei.
Henry Burn, president of the National
Wall-paper Company, \v!io was on the
stand when the session adjourned yester
day, wa." recalled.
Mr. Burn produced a copy of the con
tract made with agents, or the "factors
agreement," as Senator Lexow termed it.
One of the clauses requires agents to han
dJe only the goods o: ihe National Wall
paper Company. In reply to a question
the witness said that his company had an
agreement with the labor unions by which
the employes worked eleven months of
ihe year.
"Doe« the agreement l.old through the
Unued States?"
"Ye=. sir; in every one of our factories."
Mr. Barn said tha'. when the company
was organized it comprised twenty-four
sub-companies and sernn competing fac
tories were left out. Ten factories were
closed within two years after the consoli
dation. This, the witness admitted.
caused a decrease of 10 per cent in the
labor employed. The factories were closed
because they were making inferior goods.
He :-aid that tue rate of wages was not de
creased after consolidation except to mate
them uniform. The company had abso
• ceded everything required by the
!abi>r union. The witnesses said they em
ployed 25 per cent more salesmen and
more bookkeepers than before consolida
tion; that prices to the consumer had de
creased.
Chairman Lexow here announced that
he w( \!.i now ;ake up the United States
Rubber Company's affair.--. The other
witi r-*es in the wall-paper business were
t.-ri until thi> afternoon.
lea EL Flint was nueationed about
the distribution ot the stock of the United
.vates Rubber Company to the various
companies.
"I want to state," he said, "that the
United States Rubber Company lias, as a
corporation, no knowledge r«j the distribu
tion of stuck by the bankers. I know,
however, that tne stock was distributed
on ttie basis of preferred s:ock for tangible
assets and ccnimon stock fur trademarks,
patents." etc.
Mr. Fiint handed in the original Sim
mons report on wljic < tlic distribution of
stock was m ~de, bm the schedule of values
a*ked Sordid not accompany it. In reply
to a question, he confessed thai he had not
tne information whicc would explain the
increase in the price of rubber shoes since
tbe consolidation. Mr. F.int denied tbat
the United State* Rubber Company had
become tbe football of speculators.
He said it would re^uiate prices of goods
as they did prices o! railroad;, because
conditions varied so much. He aid not
t;:ink it would be a wise move lor the
State to buy Dp all industrials and run a
paternal form of government, and he saw
no other way by which the State could
reculatepr ices.
The promoting contracts showed that
$40. 000 had been paid for promoting the
rubber combination, of which Mr. Flint
.^d $2du.000, the banking company
$100,000 and Mr. Earl $100,000. Mr. Flint
.-aid the object of the combination was to
promote the natural law of trade. He
then entered into a long disccurse as to
the object of centralization of the indus
tries.
The afternoon session was held in a city
courtroom, the Aldermanic chamber,
wnere the committee had held its previ
ous sessions, beinp required for a meeting
of the Board or Aldermen.
Mr. Flint took the stand, ile said that
the prices to-day were lower than for nine
year 1 * previous to 'he organization of tne
United States Rubber Company. He also
stated that the price list was iower now
than ever beiore.
"How ca:i the prices be lower when the
prices you give arc higher?"
"Because the discount to jobbers was
higher before the organization of the com
pany."
Ihe explanation of the witness caused a
laugh.
"1 Hat means, does it not, tha: ther^ was
a preater profit to your organization ?''
Mr. Flint dissented. He declined to
admit that there was any agreement be
tween the United States Rubber Company
and the bankers previous to September 6
1892.
An adjournment was taken until to
morrow.
/> SE>Alt. ASU i>S£MBL,Y.
I J,atentak*ra Entertained by th" Press
V . Club Quartet
SACRAMENTO, Cal.. Feb. 19.— The
• Senate this morning reconsidered and
passed Dwyer's bill Tor the segregation of
. contracts of more than $5000 on public
• work, which was refused a third reading
some days ago.
. Voorheis' bill permitting Mrs. Stanford
'.• to devise her entire estate to the university
was passed, as was al-o the county gov
ernment act.
■ The Senate bill exempting the Stanford
estate from taxation was taken up and
'discussed for some time.
The Senate at its afternoon session ap
proved the title a-* amended by the As
• sembly of the bill fixing the penalty lor :
selling liquor to habitual drunkards and j
In lian*.
• The discussion of Treacy's Assembly
bill fixing minimum wages on all works
at $2 a day occupied the greater part of
aiternoon, and on motion of Gillette a
special committee was appointed to
amend the bill so as to provide that the
act should not apply to Slate, county or
municipal institutions.
The enacting clause of Dibble's bill to
. prevent the. exaction of pledges from can- I
didates other than those required by the
nominal convention was found to be
detective and amended.
' be special committee appointed to in
vestigate the sanitary condition of the
Capitol building reported, proposing an
amendment to the Doty bill appropriat-
A in*; $2500 for renovating and ventilating
■ the building and taking the supervision of
J the work out of the hands of the Secretary
* of Stats and giving it to the Capitol Com
missioners.
Assembly bill no a Kin • the final decree of
the court against real estate as effective as
a deed and providing for the recording of
.-the same, an( giving power and making
It a duty to commence actions against cor
porations violating their charter.'were re
fused passage.
When the Senate convened to-night the
San Francisco Press dub Quart t was in
troduced by the Lieutenant-Governor.
They rendered a sonp: and were encored j
twice. Wolfe iheii moved an adjournment J
to aLow the Senators to attend a minstrel
show, bat the motion was deJeatsti.
Assembly messages were then taken up,
and the Senate receded from their amend
ments to the game law which protected
the lark, and which was refused by the
Senate.
The Committee on Military Affairs were
authorized to proceed to Sun Francisco to
inspect me San Francisco National
Guard. The second reading rile was then
taken up, and shortly thereafter the Sen
ate adjourned until to-morrow.
At this morning's ses3ion of the Assem
bly Shanahan introduced a resolution
ordering all the committees which have
had bills over ten days to report forth
with. Lost.
Mrs. Sue Porter-Carpenter, daughter of
I Commodore Porter, was made janitreas of
I the cloakroom.
Among the bills introduced were the
fOI lon
By Wright— provide for the estab
lishment of public lights in sanitary dis
tricts.
By Toland— To pay the claim of Alet
calfe against the State.
By the Committee on Retrenchment—
Relating to the printing of reports by
Staie officers.
By Treacy— Amending the act relating
to streets and sewers within municipal
corporation
By Way mire— To provide for the correc
tion of omissions and irregularities in the
authorization, issuance, sale or transfer of
bonds, etc., in irrigation districts.
I By Treacy— Prohibiting all labor in
State prisons where machinery of any
description is used.
Cutler's constitutional amendment abol
ishing the Railroad Commission was lost.
When the rock-crushinar bill reached
the third reading tile in the Assembly this
afternoon, Anderson moved that a special
committee be appointed to amend the bill
making th« price of rock 40 cents to
county and municipal corporations, and
giving it to <"ontractors :u the robt of pro
duction, 20 per cent added. The motion
was carried and the bill was so amended
and sent to be engrossed, 35 to 23.
The following Senaie bills were finally
passed: Granting power to Boards of Su- |
pervisors and Cay Councils to condemn
land under the public domain act to
erect municipal buildings; permitting the
destruction of municipal bonds remaining
unsold.
; The general appropriation bill intro
duced by Guy was read for the first time.
Hardly a third of the membership
attended to-night's session, and mere
routine work and the reading of the
second file occupied the evening.
Orrierrtl JSr , ortcrt Hack.
SACRAMENTO, Cm.., Feb. 19.-Em
mons of Kern this afternoon asked the
Sneaker to inforce an order made two
weeks ago to require the Committee on
Morals to report back Emmons' bill 336.
This bill prohibits horseraces at certain
seasons of the year and lor more than
tmrty days in the summer in any one
county. He s,ai«fc» tnai tne bill had been
caiied a cinch bill and he knew that it was
looked upon with suspicion. For that
reason he made the motion, as he did not
wish to be held responsible tor the hiber
nation of his b.JI in the Committee on
Morals.
On motion of Dibble the committee was
ordered to report the bill Dack next
Wednesday.
PASADENA HOTEL PROJECT.
Prcminent Cit,zens Think of Establishing
v Resor: Superior to Any in
Southern California.
LOS ANGELES, Cau, Feb. 19.— The
project of building a tine tourist hotel is
being quietly canvassed among prominent
citizens of Fasadena. Strong assurances
of financial support have already been
given, and it is oelieved by those who have
actively interested themselves in the en
terprise that there will be no difficulty In
securing sullicient capital. The plan con
tempiates a hotel that shall bo superior to
any in Southern California.
Necessarily, the rates will be high; but
every season brings an increasing number
of wealthy tourists, who demand accom
modations superior to anything that is
now afforded. A hne hotel, equipped
with ah the luxuries that this class of
visitors expect and situated in an at
tractive part of lovely Pasadena, with
handsome grounds and s-urroundings,
wouid give the city an enviable reputa
tion throughout the East. It would,
moreover, be more than a mere stoppini:
pluce en route to other resorts. Visitors
would come for the season, as they -.'o to
the Fiagler hotels at St. Augustine, Fla.
The one wh.ch seems to meet with the
greatest favor is Mrs. (rreen's place, Car
melita. Processor Lowe's place on fcouth
Orange Grove avenue has also been sug
gested, but ii is thought to be too remote
from the heart of the city. There can be
no question tdai Pasadena needs greater
hotel accommodations. Th» Green is
already well tilled and mo3t of the smaller
hotels have little or no room to suare.
Every day brings newcomers from the
Ea-t, and many of them have gone on to
Coronado because unable to find suitable
accommodations in the "crown of the
vniiey."
roit ASSAUJ,! VfOX A CIIILO.
Edwin f. Green, a I£or*e-Trainer f -Ar-
rr*nl at J.o* Angetm.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Feb. 19. — A Santa
Ann horse-trainer Known as "Professor"
E-Jwin F. Green was arrested here to-day
oil a charge of assault upon a little girl.
The complaint upon which Green was ar
i rested was filed in Orange County and was
made by his wile. The victim is Kubie
Fitch, a girl between 12 and 16 years of
, age. Her paren-.s reside at The Needles,
h«r father beinjr a switch engineei at that
place. It is churned that the girl was liv
ing with the Greens, doing light work and
; attending school.
| Green, accordingto accounts made public
; by his own w.fe, is of a low, depraved and
Vicious nature.
The ci.ild was located on East Thirty
; second street in this city and is now In
! charge of Police Matron Gray. Green leit
Santa Ana Friday last, leaving iiis wile
and family definite. He was accom
panied U, his victim.
.Mrs. Green says her husband has been
intimate with the mr\ for the past six
montns. 'lne accuse! is quite a sporty
looking man and ab jut :•» years of age.
Jf TTHPU I j; .> , n g ALE
Valuable Property Jhat mil Shortly Be
Open for Settlement.
SAN JOSE, Cal , Feb. 19.-C. M. Woos
ter of the real estate firm or Wooster &
Whitton of this city w:.s seen by a Call
reporter to-day. He continued the report
which appeared in The Call of the sale of
the J. T. Murphy ranch, near Templeton,
Ban Luis Obispo County. The land in
volved was 14.000 acres and the nnce
agreed upon $220,000. v
The purchaser is J. H. Henry, the well
known electric-railroad man of this city
who made a thorough investigation of the
land last week in company with Mr
Woosler. The rapid development of that
section, the richness of ihe soil and mild
ness ol the climate, together with the
prospect. of soon having a through line
south and east, all acted to influence Mr.
Henry in his . selection. The sale was
made by Wooster & Whitton, Enston
Eldnd;.*e <fc Co. having the contract on the
land. Mr. Henry will develop the prop
erty and at the proper time open it for
settlement.
■*>itotrhatlinf at Sant't (rut.
SANTA CRUZ. Cal., Feb. 19.— Santa
Cruz streets presented a picturesque winter
scene this morninp. Pacific avenue par
ticularly was filled with parties snow
bailing each other. It began hailing at
9:30 o'clock and lasted lor twenty minutes.
The rainfall for the twenty-four hours
ending at 7 o'clock this morning was . 63
of an inch.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 20, 1897.
CLOSE CALL FOR
THE COMMISSION
Lively Discussion in the
Assembly Over Cutter's
Resolution.
Confidence in the Present Rail
road-Rate Fixers Is
Expressed.
So the Attempt to Abo'ish the State
80-rd Is Defeated by a
C ose Vote.
SACRAMENTO, Cal, Feb. 19.— There
was a lively discussion in the Assembly
to-day o»er Assembly concurrent resolu
tion 23, introduced by Cutter of Yuba, to
abolish the R; ilroad Commission. When
il was reached on the tile Toland made a
vigorous speech against it. He knew, he
said, that the commission had been
charged with nevr-r hav:nc accomplished
anything in the line of their duty for the
benefit of the people, and there was prob
ably much truth in the charge, but the
people this time Dad Commissioners who
ara standing by the interests of the peo
ple, and he believed that in the future it
would be possible to get officers who m:iy
do as well. They had met with threat dii
ncuity in enforcing their action on ac
count of the action of the courts. While
the commission had not been altogether a
success, the gentlemen who upheld the
resolution had suggested nothing better.
The obstacles which stood in the way of
the people controlling the railroads had
been met one by one ana gradually over
come, and it was but a matter of time
wh<»n the solution of the problem wili be
obtained.
Cutter congratulated the gentleman
from Ventura on the fact that his bump
of hopa was as large as It was. For seven
'een years that commission had existed,
and ell the beneiit derived from it by the
State had been in the payment o! $500,000
for the support of the commission. Now
they piopose to come :nto this Legislature
with a bill lor ?00,030, for a starter. Ex
perience had shown that the commiss'on
was ornamental, not useful. The resolu
tion proposed to give to the people an op
portunity to say whether that commission
should be continued or not.
"I had supposed from his speech of yes
terday," added Mr. Cutter, "that the gen
tleman was in fayor of the referendum,
but it seems that to-day he is not. 1
woulJ not submit to the people an amend
ment that I knew they would vote down
by a lari:e majority, but ii is my auty to
al.ow the people to vote for such an or
ganic law as they wish. 1 think that tLe
people do desire to abolish this commis
sion."
Bridgford (Fusioniit) said that tde reso
lution was a general proposition to take
away all restraint from the railroad com
nany. That wouid be the result if the
proposition were submitted to the people
anil carried. Past experience had taught
that it was absolutely necessary that there
should be some governing tody; some
po<ver that controlled. The State had at
temp:ed to control the railroad company
by a commission, and it was true that they
had noi been as successlul as had been
hoped. He could show where tne com
mission had done some Rood, and that
was when the freight on wheat from
Colusa by way ot Knights Landing, re
shipped on boats to Vallejo, was $1 .50, and
at the same time the freight :roiu Wood
land to Vallejo. a much shorter distance,
wa- $3.
The commission regulated tbat condi
tion of things, and the town of Woodland
had profited largely by that action of the
Railroad Commissioners.
"Will the gentleman tell me." asked
Cutter, "how it is that if the Railroad
Commission < ffected such a saving there
they didn't effect a hk- one in the valley
of tne San Joaquir. ? Was it not some
thing outside ol the commission that had
helped the San Joaquin Valley?"
Bridgford replied that nothing could be
regulated completely by law. Tnere were
laws against murder and theft, but mur
der and thelt went on.
Caminetti, who afterward silently stole
away from the rollcall, remarked that the
commission was not responsible for the
decision of the courts. Oi late years the
people nad been bordering upon a Gov
ernment made oy decisions of the United
Stati-s courts. "We have entered into a
Government by injunction," he ndde:.
'•and that was me trouble that could not
be remedied under the constitution.
The powers given ;o tne Railroad Com
mis.«ion were ample to meet the i-sue, but
in past years the majority of that power
has never been willing until to-day to do
their duty, which the people expected
them to do. Now that we have a power
willine to carry out the wishes of the
ppople, we find that power enjoined by
the courts of the United States. Let us
arm the commission with all tlieauthority
that we have a right to confer upon
them. Then, and not until we have
tried such legislation, will it be time to
consider the que>tion of abo.ishiog the
commission or not."
CutU-r came to the front again. "The
cent eman has no evidence, he said,
'•that the people don't w»nt the curo
mi-!-i"ii, and now he refuses to allow the
Deopie to say whether they want them or
not. He is in the same position he was in
the State Printing Office matter."
"There tias been no petition," said
Camii:etti.
Dennery failed to find a solitary argu
ment against submitting the queetion"u.
the people. If they were to make their
argument before the people, there might
be some justice in the statement. "If %ye
pass tuis amendment, it will not abolish
the commission. As the peop.e have
created this commission, they should be
allowed to say whether it should be per
petuated or not."
Belshaw of Contra Costa said that it
seemed 10 him from the argument that
the people are in favor of atolisbitiL- the
commission, an. l that the gentlemen en
the other side are afraid to submit it tj
the people, for fear that n.ey would abol
ish it. The decision of Juuge McKenna
was that they were an illegal body and
had no power. If that was so the com
mission should be abolished.
Shanaban said that in times past he had
votfd to abolish the cummiysion, because
he bslievea that there was no hope to b<;
looked tor from that direction. It had
co~t the peop.e $350 000. That was a heavy
tux ana if no quod could como out of it it
uu.ht to be a olished. 'Now that we
have a commisoon that is doins its duty
to the people it is no time to abolish it."
So far h> .Judge McKenna'a decision was
concerned it h ><>uld be remembered that
the Commiss.u.i -ra appealed to the Su
preme Court of tue United States.
Dibble said that up to this time he had
always voted against the abolition of the
Railroad Commission and he propose d to
continue to do so. He beiiev-d that the
management of railroad freights, and fares
coultj not be saf ]y trusted to the Legisla
ture in a sixty days' session. It was a
matter that should receive the most care
ful consideration. The commission had
worked well since the adoption of the new
constitution up to the present time. If
an amendment was to be suq.e^ted it
auould be to elect the Railroad Commis
sionera at larce throughout the State in
stead of by districts as now.
Valentine of Los Angeles said that he
was in favor of the amendment for the
simple reason that he did not believe it
was now or had ever been of any prac
tical utility in this State. For the seven
teen years during which period the people
had been imjulgine in the luxury ot a
commission which had not accomplished
anything they had not undertaken to re
duce the rates of freights and fares in the
San Joi.(jui!i Valley.
"There have been hundreds of thousands
of instances," continued Valentine,
"where if they desired to carry out the
purposes for which they wore created
they would be of vast benefit to this State,
but they didn't do it and they would not
have attempted to do what they did had
it not been because of the existence of a
rival railroad company — the Valley road.
The opponents of the resolutions cannot
show a single instance in which the Rail
road Commissioners have been successful
in granting relief to the people."
Melick of Los Angeles while not in
favor of abolishing the commission was in
favor of submitting the amendment to the
people. The commission was created
when sandlot oratory was ablaze in the
land.
Dryden made a long talk in favor of re
taining the c 'inmission.
"The P.ipulist- show their utter incon
sistency by s; caking against the principal
plank in t c plat.orm oi their party — ihe
referendum," said Cutter.
Jiurniiam said he would vote to submit
the resolution to the people.
"Ii you can show any evidence," said
Cross, "that the railroad company has
ever been controlled by this useless, blood
sucking Railroad Commission I should
liie to see it. The people in my part of
the Siate are heartily sick of it."
The resolution was deieated by the fol
lowing vote:
Ayes— Anderson, Arnerich, Belshaw, Bur
nett, Humharn, C'auavan, cross, Cutter, Da
mon, Dennery, Ktini?. Kontana, Foremen, Hi. l,
Hoogbton, Hii'i>on, Keegan, Ke;iyon. Leevitt,
Mellon, Me leila . McLaurin, Price, Suns,
Strain, Valentine— 26.
Koei — Aldridge, Allen, Boone, Bridgeford,
lartwriglit, Ciiyuoweth, Clark, Dibble, liolan,
Dryden, Elliott, Emnious, God re y, Jones,
Lmidsborough, Lcmlenbereer, Mead, Mul
crevy, McC*ndi>b, McGrath, North of Yolo,
I'uHcr uf l'larer. Kubell, Sanlord. Shanahar.,
Toland, Treacy, Waymire, Coom bs— 'i\l.
Absent— Austin, he tinßii, Breiling, Cami
iu-tii. Gately, Good hue, Guy, Harris, Henry,
Heablcs, Keily, l.acy, Mationey, Malcolm,
Moulirie, North of Alameda, Puiihuan. Tower
or s.-wi Francisco, Robinson, Ryan, tioward,
Stanseil, Vosburg, Wrigni— '^4.
Present and not voting, Gt.ff— l.
FOR BIG AITROPHIATIOXS.
Guy Intend* to l.ibrraUy Provide for
State Institution*.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Feb. 19.— Guy of
San Diego, just before recess this after
noon, presented the several appropriation
bills. Among the principal items are the
following: Otiicers and clerks of the Sen
ate, $18,000; officers and clerks of tne
Assembly, $21,000; contingent expenses of
the Senate, $12,000; contingent expenses
of the Assembly, $17,000; postage and con
tingent expenses of the Supreme Court,
$500; ditto for clerk of the Supreme Court,
$300; expenses of the Supreme Court, $37,
--000; contingent expenses of the Supreme
Court Commissioners, $200; Governor's
j ecial contingent fund (secret service),
$10,000; postage, expre«sage, telegraphing
and contingent expenses of the Governor's
office, $2000; rewards offered by the Gov
ernor, $5000; rewards offered for the
detection of illegal voting, $500; re
wards for the capture of highway
robbers, $5000; expenses for arrests of
criminals outside of the boundary of the
S;ate, $10,000; expert lor Board of Exam
iners, $4u00; traveling expenses of said ex
pert, $1000; boring well in State Capito
grounds, $5000; electric-light plant. $2500;
care, etc., of grounds, $10,000; repairs to
furnitnre, etc., $7000; carpets, furniture,
etc.. $3000; employes Capitol grounds,
$55,360; water for Capitol building, $1200:
armory rent, $155,000; target practice,
$8000; traveling expenses of officers of N.
G. C. on detail duty. $4000.
Support of the "State Printinz Office,
$275,000; school textbook department.
$40,000; Stockton My I am. $351,000; Nupa
Hsylum, $349,350; Mendocino asylum,
$153,300; Southern California Hospital
for Insane and Inebriate.-, $173,802; Deaf,
Dumb and Blind Asylum at Berkeley,
$119,300; Home for Feeble-minded Chil
dren, $147,702; Veterans' Home at Yount
ville. $00,000; Home for the Adult Blind.
000; transportation of insane. $50,000;
State prison at San Qnentin, $300,000; Pul
som prison, $219,000; transportation of
prisoners to State prisons and children to
Wnittier School and Preston School of
Industry and to Santa Clara State School.
$70,000; support of Whittier School,
$180,000; band instruments for Whittier
School. $300; books for library, $500; re
pl;ic ng worn-out furniture at Whittier,
$10,000.
Preston School of Industry. $112,500;
Santa Clara State Sctioo!, $35,000; San
Jose Normal School, $fK),OO0; library,
museum, etc., for tame, $2500; rare of
grounds, ditto, $.500; Los Angeles Normal
School, $90,800; library, museum, scien
tific purpose for same, $2500; care of
crounds, $2000; t'hico Normal School,
$5t),000; linrary, museum, etc., $1000;
grounds. $2000; salary of assistants and
contingent bureau of labor; $7500.
Department of Viticulture Mate Univer
sity $50X); forestry stations. $. r )0J0; resto
ration and preservation of >_'ame, $5UO0;
ditto fish, $500; hatcheries, $15,000; cost**
for prosecut'ng violation of game law,
$2000; mining bureau, $25,000; official ad
vertising, $3000; travenntr expense* State
Board of X mention, $500: State bunal
grounds, $200; pure wines labels $200;
interest on $100,000 of Hastings College of
Law, $4,000; rent of ro ins for same,
$2400; Staie Agricultural Society, $40.00 i;
total appropriation, exclusive of agricul
tural associations and other items to be
settled by the Assembly, $9,606,102 66.
to cor nit a DKFICIEJiCY.
1h« BUI jlppropriati tig $'iO,OOO for an
Air/lum Hurt] Uf>.
BACRAMENTO. Cal.. Feb. 19.— While
the Assembly strained itself almost to the
point of disruption over a matter of $4000
in connection with the pay of temporary
attaches, it swa. lowed without an appa
rent effort a bill improperly appropriating
JUO.OOO for tlie insane asylum at Sail Ber
nardino, known ;»3 Assembly bill 108.
Assemblyman Goff was the father of the
measure whicn hears t tie titie, "An act
making an appropriation to pay lor the
support of the Southern Ca.iforma State
Asylum for the Insane and Inebriates for
the remainder of the forty-eighth fiscal
year.' This fiscal year ends June 30,
1837.
Nothing amiss was noticed in relation
to the bill until it had passed the Assem
bly, was sent to the Senate and there re
ferred to the Committee on Finance. Here
attention was attracted to the fact that the
$2'j.oQo asked for was a deficiency, and
tnat it had not been submitted to the
Board of Examiners and approved by that
body, as required by law. The result is
that the Senate Finance Committee has
decided to "hang up" the bill, which
means that it will not again Bee daylight
in its present shape.
Assemblyman Goff claims that the ap
propriation is not for a deficiency as con
templbted by law, as the institution on
whose behalf it is asked still has funds on
hand, but not enough to carry it to the
end of the present fiscal year.
The situation is tue same, in fact, that
confronted the State Printing Office when
he bill appropriating $75,000 for that
establishment threw its tir*t disturbing
rays into the Assembly chamber. Goif,
however, claims tnat the law governing
the State Printing Office and other State
institutions is not the same. '
As the matter now stands his opinion is
at variance with that of the Finance Com
mittee, with the legislative machinery
under control of the lattei. Interesting
developments may follow, in the course of
which the management of the San Ber
nardino Asylum may be called upon to
explain the cause of this great deficiency.
MRS. STANFORD'S
WAY MADE EASIER
Now the Noble Woman Can
Leave Her Estate to
the University.
Legal Obstructions to the Course
Proposed Removed by the
Legislature.
Passage of the First of the Three Bills
in the laterests of the Palo
Alto Institution
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Feb. 19.—Stan
ford University held the floor of the Sen
ate this morning. The programme of the
friends of the university was to secure the
passage of three bills in the interest of
that institution. One of these was to
clear the way of legal obstructions, so
that Mrs. Jane Stanford can leave the ]
whole of her estate to the university J
bearing the title of her deceased son. The
second was to exempt the $20,000,000 en
dowment to the institution from taxation
and the third wa^ to apportion the loss
thus sustained to the State and to tue
counties in wbicn the property included
in tue endowment is located among all
the counties of the State. Presiaent
David Starr Jordan has been here for
several days in the interest of these
measures.
The first of these measures passed with
little opposi ion, the second went over as
unfinished business until Tuesday after
an interesting and somewhat heated de
bate, while the third was not reached on
the file.
Voorheis' Senate bill 273 brought the
matter on the boards. Tins provides for
amending the Civil Code relative to re
strictions on the power of devisa to char
itabie uses. Under the existing law only
a third of an estate can be bequeathed to
this use. The amendment provides that
devises to educational institutions in this
State in which tuition is free and equally
open to all and without sectarian bias or
control shall oe excepted from the opera
tion of the existing law. provided there is
no surviving husband or wife or lineal
dc-cendants of the testator.
The object of the measure is to permit
Mr?. Jane Stanford, who has no lineal de
scendants, to bequeath all of her property
to the Staniord University, which, it was
explained by Senator Voorheis, she pur
poses doing. The bill passed, with but
little debate, by a vote oi 32 ayes to 4
nors.
Next in order on the third reading file
was another measure fathered by Voor
heis, known as Senate bill 274, and entitled
"An act to establish a3 public schools
technical schools endowed by pi vate gif i,
comir.fr within certain requirements, and
to encourage sucii en :owments." The
object of the bill, Senator Voorheis ex
plained, was to exempt the Stanford
University from taxation, nn<J thus save
to that instituiiou the sum of $30,000 a
year, which might be applied to educa
tional purposes.
Braunhart made an indirect attack on
the measure by moving to strifee out the
words 'without sectarian bias or coniroi."
The iesu:t <>f the adoption of toe amend
ment wou.d have b;en the exemption of
ail sectarian institutions in which tuition
is free, from taxation.
Morehouse made a forcible argument
against the adoption oi the amendment.
He pointed out that Stanford University
stood a^one ol" its kind in the State; that
its benefits accrued to the wnole people of
the State; that it was a public institution
in all respects, except that it was osten
s-ibiy under the control of a genoroua
rninded and public-spirited woman, the
widow of a man who had set asid
s2o 000,000 for the creation and main
tenance of a great educational institution
for the ben fit of the youth of California.
He thought it was a small thing to ask of
the State exemption from the payment of
$30,000 a year, which sum wouid be ap
piied to tlie education of the 1500 students
now attending ttiat university. He added
that the State was contributing nothing
to the in-tituiion. It was only a question
of time, he concluded, wheu the entire
property of the university as well as that
of slrs. Stanford would tall to the State.
For these reasons he saw no reason for
any opposition to the bill or for the adop
tion of ttie amendment. The amendment
was defeated.
Gil ette attacked the bill on the ground
that it wa.3 unconstitutional. He quot d
from t he coJe to show that public schools
were those that were supported by the
State by means of taxai.on. and that "must
be under State control. H.s opposition
was also due to tbe lact that the Vina
ranch, part of th« Stanford University
endowment, was located in Teliama
County, and that this b.ll would deprive
the county of $12,000 each year now col
lected as taxes ou ihis property. He was
aware, he salt!, that it was proposed to
apportion this los.-. among all the counties
of the State, but he did not think it fair
to make other roumies contribute to the
loss any one county mi^ht sustain by the
withdrawal of taxable property through
the bill undpr discussion.
Jones opposed the measure for the
reason, he stated, tliat it would impose
additional taxation on all the counties ot
the State to the extent of the amount
ttiat would be lost by exempting the Stan
ford University.
During tue afternoon session the further
consideration of the subject was deferred,
as WTcral of the Senators who desired to
participate in ttie debate and to vote i n
the bills would not be present again
until Tuesday.
Senator Dwyer. who voted in favor of
Senate bill _70, nave notice of recons dera
tion on tlie suggestion oi Senator Wolfe,
who was absent when the vote on n was
taken and who desires to speak against
the measure on sectarian grounds.
This bili, iike the one remaining as un
finished business, applies only to institu
tions "without sectarian bias or control,"
and Wolfe proposes to move to strike out
the clause of limitation so as to bring sec
tarian schools under tho operation of t:ie
proposed law. Wolir's attitude may lead
to some exciting debate on religious lines.
Among those who have already an
nounced their intention to participate in
the debate are Senators Morebouse, Simp
son, Smith and Stratton, all able (speak
ers and good lighters.
JOBXSTOX'S STATEMEXT.
7ht State, l'rinter t- jrplninn th« Condi'
tlon of Hi* Vfflcc.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Feb. 19.— 1n ac
cordance with the programme agreed
upon yesterday at the conference between
the Governor and the State Printer, the
latter sent the following communication
to the State Bonrd of Examiners to-day:
Sacramento, Feb. 19, 1887.
Jo the Honorcb'.e Shite Hoard of - Examiners —
Gentlemen: I desire to present for your con-
Mtteiatiou ihe following fact-: On July 1,
1890, there was available ia the State Treasury
lor the support and maintenance of the State
Printing Office ior ihe fiscal year, beginning
July 1, 1896, and ending June 30, 1897, the
total sum of $103,999 41.;
The Legislature of the Slate of California
met in Sacramento on the 4ih day of January,
1897. Prior to that time for work that had
been ordered through the tegular channel*,
j your honorable body allowed claims ageregat
>ng $91,231 *:;. ihat left iv the fun". avaU
r.b c lor the support of the printing om<-- for
;he balance 61 the year the sum of 512.767 58.
lv this connection it ought to be stated that
the sum of ab.iut $1000 was expended on
Claims allowed by your houorsb.o body in
preparation far the Legislator*). Since the
LeglsUtnn convened the State Printing Office
has printed bilis thht have been ictro-luceti,
as provided by the constitution and other
won as ordered by the Legislature and State
officers, the lotal amount oi claims for which
is ihosum of about $35,000.
Your honorable body lias allowed, since the
benr'.'-inc: of this year, claims aggregating
$11,525 40, which 'eaves in the treiiMiry for
-he use of .lie State Printing Office the Mim'of
$1242 18. It is difficult, if not impossible to
e.-uiaaie the am. mm that will b.; required to
be extended for the necessary uses of the
Legislature, but I will say; ho we've r. for your
information, that tho amount expended for
this purpusp. two year* ano was the sum of
$78,000, itiul 1 presume it will be fair to esti
mate mat a like amount will be necessary this
year. It will be equally aifficuit, if not im
possible, to estimate the amount of money
that will be required to supply \h: demands
of tne S ate institutions and officers lor the re
mainder of this fifcftl venr. If i could now tell
In advance what the<e items would be I could
make ru approximately nccuraie estimate.
It would be fair to estimate under i.ormal
circumstances, that the demands upon this
office for this purn>se for the balance ot the
year would be $15,000, but it will probably be
greater than this »urn, because all the aepiart
ments and institutions are refran.iu,: l rom
sending me their orders, knowing tbat I am
unab.e to till them, not only from lack of
funds, but ii .so the demands made upon me by
the Legislature are sogroat that I can attend
to nothing else, and it will be fair to estimate,
therefore, that the demands will approximate
$15,000.
In orrtT 10 carry on the work required by
the Legislature it will be nec-ssary to have an
additional appropriation of $75,000, and in
order to run the State Printing Office so as to
do the work required by tne other depart
menis of tne Government until the first day of
July, 1897.
At '.he beginning of the session of this Legis
lature there was no deficiency, and the Legis-
I latm-e undertook to pr vide additional appro
priaiiong, which, for reasons known to you,
have not become laws.
There are now pending in the Legislature
two bills, known respectively as Assembly bills
863 and 864, making appropriations of money
for the purposes de-cribcd.
1 respect uliy place these matters before
your houorable body, Jask you to cive them
NEW TO-DAT.
TEA,
COFFEE
AND
SPICE buyers
GIVEN FREE
THIS WEEK
IB PURCHASE WITH f PURCHASE
COFFEES, EAC " COFFEES,
w spices, m spices,
FRFF An V of following rnrr Any of Following
1 IIL.L Articles: I I\LL Articles:
3 Plates, Decorated. 3 Dinner Plates.
2 White Cups and Saucers. 1 Majolica Cuspidor.
1 Plate Set, Decorated. 2 Napkin Rings.
1 Oyster Bowl, Decorated. 1 Rose Bowl, Fancy.
1 Ice Cream Set. 4 Table Goblets.
1 Pitcher, Majolica. 1 Cake Stand, on Foot.
1 Berry Dish. 1 Butter Dish, Large.
1 Butter Dish. 1 Fruit Bowl, on Foot.
1 Oat Meal Set. 1 Candy or Nut Dish.
1 Cake Plate, Fancy. 6 Table Tumblers.
1 Cream Pitcher, Fancy. 1 Celery Stand.
1 Bohemian Flower Holder. 1 Pair Bouquet Holders, Fancy.
1 China Preserve Dish. 1 Bohemian Fern Vase.
1 Fancy Cup and Saucer. 2 Fruit Plates, Fancy.
3 Wine Glasses. 6 Egg Cups, Fancy.
1 Spoon Holder. 1 Cake Plate, Fancy.
1 Yellow Mixing Bowl. 1 Sugar and Cream Set, Fancy.
2 Fancy Mugs. 1 Fancy Shaving Mug.
1 Colored Vase. 1 Milk Pitcher, Decorated.
3 Table Knives. 3 Cups and Saucers, Decorated.
1 Yellow Baking Dish. 1 Child's Cake Set.
1 Sugar Bowl. 1 Platter, Decorated.
3 Table Tumblers. 1 Salad Bowl, Footed.
1 Rose Bowl. 1 Water Pitcher.
1 Preserve Bowl. 1 Fancy Cup, Saucer and Plate.
3 Egg Cups. 1 Rebecca Tea Pot.
3 Table Forks. 1 Oat Meal Set, Fancy.
2 Water Goblets. 3 Breakfast Plates.
3 Sauce Dishes. 1 Vegetable Dish, Decorated.
1 Tea Cup, Decorated. 1 Tankard Pitcher.
1 Coffee Cup, Decorated. 1 Salad Dish, Decorated.
1 Pudding Pan. 1 Sugar Bowl.
1 Covered Saucepan. 6 Dessert Dishes.
1 Frying Pan. 1 Berry Set.
1 Flour Sifter. 1 Sugar Sifter.
1 Roast Pan. 1 Pudding Set, 2 Pieces.
1 Dairy Pan. 1 Fancy Cup and Saucer.
1 Bread Pan. 1 Salad Bowl, Square.
1 Cuspidor. 6 Table Knives.
1 Wash Basin, Large. 6 Table Forks.
1 Coffee Pot. 1 Chamber Pail.
TEAS - 20, 25, 30, 35, 40, 50, 60 cts per pound
COFFEES - - 15, 20, 25, 30, 35, 40 cts per pound
SPICES - - - 10, 15, 20, 25, 30, 40 cts per can
Our Aim Is to Give
Our Customers BEST QUALITY,
LOWEST PRICES,
HANDSOME PRESENTS.
OPERATING
100 STORES
Enables Us to Treat Our Customers
With Extra Liberality.
Great American Importing Tea Co.
MONEY SAVING STORES:
1344 Market Street. 146 Ninth Street. OAKLAND:
2510 Mission Street. 218 Third Street. 1053 Washington Street.
140 Sixth Street. 2008 Mllmore Street. 131 San Pablo Avenue.
617 Kearny Street. 965 Market Street. 616 East Twelfth Street.
1419 Polk Street. 3006 Sixteenth Street. 917 Broadway.
521 Montgomery Avenue. 104 Second Street. ALAMEDA:
333 Hayes Street. 3285 Mission Street. 1355 Park .Street.
HEADQUARTERS— SAN FRANCISCO, 52 MARKET STREET.
your careful attention, to authorize the creation
of indebtedness for the purposes I have men
tioned, and to take such other steps as it may
be your duty or province to do in the premises.
I dc-sire to state to you thnt it is absolutely
necessary that the appropriations named
should be made in order tuat the Stale Print
ing Offie ■ may be carried on and the work
desirtd may be performed.
F->r your information I attach to this state
ment a certificate from the State Controlier
showing the condition of the Controller's
books and showing the balance on hand to the
credit of the Slate Printing Office for iis sup
port and maintenance, and also a statemeut
ol the aggregate amount ol claims that have
been allowed against that fund on claims
audited and allowed by your houorable body.
Kegpec;iully, a. J. Johnston,
Superintendent Ptate Printing Office.
Sacramento, Feb. 19, 1897.
To the Honorable Statt Board of Examiners—
GbhtIiEMSM: I hereby f-ertily that the balance
of appropriation lor support of State printing
available July 1, 180(>, was $103,999 41,
against which warr»uu for claims, «p;. roved
b yonr honorable board, aggregating Ss>lo".2,-
T.">, 23 nave been drawn, leaving the sum of
$124218 now available for support of State
in in ting for remainder of forty-eightn fiscal
year. Very respectfully, yourobedientservant,
hi P. Colgan, State Controller.
STATEMENT.
July 1. 3896, balance available $103,999 41
February 19, 1897, wurranis drawn... ll>-.2.7:>7 89
Balance available. $1,24-.: 18
This, it is believed, will put an end to
i all further controversy in connection with
I the State Priming Office, and will give
i tbat establishment all the iunds it re
quires to the end of the fiscal year and to
pay the hack wa es tbat have gon« un
j liquidated for four weeks.
CA.LIFORyi.I •■i»t!K HEAD.
Pioneer Dies in the tin»t, and Lenvf a
Fortune of $200,000.
NEWBURGH, N. V., Feb. 19.— William
Wait died here to-day, ai.ed 78 years. He
was one of the California '40ers.
Afterward he invested Ms money in
lands in Chicaco and Lincoln. Nebr., and
leaves a fortune estimated at $200,000.
A parcel of bonds and securities amount
ing to $100,000 was found in his room after
hi- de.ith. He was unmarried.
34
SAN DIEGO'S BIG
WATER CARNIVAL
Everything Ready for the
Grand Opening This
Afternoon.
Crowds of Visitors Continue to
Arrive by Train From
All Directions,
Storm Ceases, Barometer Rises and
the Success of the Celebration
Is Assured.
SAN DIEGO, Cal.. Feb. 19.— Tc-ninht,
the eve of the carnival, finds everything
in readiness for the big celebration which
will begin to-morrow afternoon at 1:55
o'clock and continue at full speed, with the
throttle wide open, until the last rocket is
fired and the electric light is turned out
on the bay of San D:ego Monday night.
The weather to-nijifct is squally and
threatening, and an unsteady barometer
rising and falling portends a continuation
of present conditions. Some three-quar
ters of an inch of rain has fallen to-day
and many of the. streets are nearly im
passable. The fear among the members
of the Reneral committee is not that the
carnival itself will not be a 9ucce«>s, but
that some of the visitors who contemplated
coming to-morrow from Los Angeles and
other cities may be deterred from starting
on account of the threatened storm. If
the high wind continues the boats will
not be able to race on the bay to-morrow,
but there is no doubt but that the weather
for Sunday and Monday wiil be perfect, as
usual.
The carnival will be formally opened at
1 :55 o'clock to-morrow afternoon with the
firing o! a signal-gun from the prow of
the flagship Philadelphia, which will
also be the preparatory signal for the
aquatic sports. At 2 o'clock the boats in
the yacht regatta will start, all four classes
getting away together. In the regatta
will be thirty boats — sloops, schooners,
catboats, sharpie?, yawls and fishing
boats—and the course will be six miles in
length— from tbe Pacific Coast Steamship
wharf to Twenty-eighth street aud return.
Following this will be a series of races be
tween the crews of the warship boats, in
cluding races between 12-oar cutters, G-oar
gigs, luoar cutter 3 and free-for-all cata
marans.
The day will conclude with a grand
naval and military ball in the spacious
ballroom of the Coronado Hotel, which
has been decorated as never before for the
occasion.
Literally hundreds of fia:s of all na
tions, bancer? and pennants of every de
sign and color, have been suspended from
the splendid vaulted dome, and the logos
of the guests of honor arc draped aud fes
tooned witn battle- flags aud naval pen
nants, crowned with splendid baskets of
roses and wild flowers, the brilliant poppy
and delicate yellow violet contrasting viv
idly with the trailing srniiax and dark
green English ivy. In tne most gorgeously
decorated Joge in the ballroom will be Ai
miral Beardalee, the guest of the carnival,
with a few invited guests. It is a matter
of eeneral regret that illness will prevent
Mrs. Beardslee from participating in the
festivities given in the admiral's honor,
although her many friends are glad to
know she is convalescing.
At the ball to-morrow night the splen
did military band of the flagship I'htla
dejphia will furnish the music, and the
brilliant uniforms of the officers mingling
with the beautiful costumes of the fair
guests will make the occasion a notable
one in the social history of the bay region.
The crowds of visitors which are arriving
by every train make it plain that San
Diego will be called upon to entertain the
largest crowd in her history if it does not
rain to-morrow. The two Santa Fe trains
arriving to-day brought 1000 passengers
and the steamer Queen to-night discharged
over 200, mostly from Los Angeies. All
the suburban trains to-day have been
crowded and several times as many are
expected to-morrow.
By a fortuitous arrangement made by
Manager Fisher John P. Sousa's great
military band has been engaged to appear
twice at the opera-house on Sunday. The
music for the carnival will be furnished by
the City Guard band, two smaller bands
and a chorus of 100 trained voices, who
will cin g from" the barge Tortuga dnriug
the parade of the flotilla Monday night.
Chairman Isaac Poihamus of the god
dess committee announced to-night that
the goddess' barge was complete and ready
for occupancy by iti fair ruler, the god
dess of the carnival, Mrs. Lewi3 Reed
Works, who with her retinue of thiriy
four men and maidens, eleeantly appar
eled, will take possession of the floating
palace at 7:45 o'clock on Monday night.
The barge is a most beautiful and artistic
creation, 120 feet in length and 35 feet
beam.
The main deck has been carpeted for
dancing, and suspended from an arch
which extends from bow to stem of the
barge will be 200 colored incandescent
electric lights with as many more hung in
festoons about in such a manner as to
bring out the best effect. The barge 13
gorgeously decorated in buntineand flags,
with splendid floral designs abounding
everywhere.
Everybody is happy to-night, for the
sky is clear, the stars are gaining and the
rapidly rising barometer indicates that
the storm is over and Queen Climate has
again resumed the reins in the San Diego
bay region. This insures the success of
the water carnival.
A pleasant feature of the present cele
bration is that sufficient funds are now in
the hands of the committee to pay all bills
incidental to the carnival, about $ > 2000.
ROWLAND HART'S STORY.
The Youthful Desperado Accused of Horse-
Stealing Tells of His Battle With
Two Constables.
SALINAS, Cal., f eb. 19.— Young Row
land Hart, the 16-year-old desperado, as
he sat in his cell in the County Jail to-day
told how he shot a man and then escaped
a shower of bullets. Hart was caught near
Cholame by Constables Stoker and Ward,
and after being examined by Justice Wat
kins at Cholame and committed to jail,
he toid the following story:
"My name is Rowland Hart and I am
16 years old. For some time past I have
been working in the mines out from
Bakersfield, but was recently discharged,
whereupon I decided to come to San Luis
and wort up the coast to Santa Cruz,
where I used to live. I tr&ded with a fel
low at Bakersfield for a horse. 1 took the
horse and started for this town, coming
over to Carrissa and down over the moun
tains till I got to Tillman Fowler's ranch,
where I asked if I could stay all night,
and was told that I could. Two fellows,
one named Woodruff and the other name i
Logan Hunter, came up and looked at my
horse and asked me if it was not a com
pany bone. I did not know anything
///SS flabtllt cfmitk -
Jlr.s John Ft eld-
about company bosses and told them that
I got the animal at BakersrieU. They
then told me they were going to tatce me
back to Bak-rstield. I asked them what
for, but they did not say anything more
than that I had stolen a horse from tlie
company. They did not seem to have
any authority and did not show any war
rants, and as I i.ai not stolen the norse I
made up my mind not to go. They made
me go into Fowler's house anil sleep with
Lagan Hunter, who kept a pistol by him.
"In the morning I got up arid dressed.
1 took a ntle whicn was in the room and
ran out on the porch. The men followed.
Logan Hunter had his hands in his pock
ets and I thought he was coins; to pail a
gun. I bad my rifle up. Woodruff made
a rush at me and grabbed the gun and it
went off, giving him a flesh wound in the
left breast. He did not fall, but ran
around tue house. Hunter began run
ning backward and firing at me. I shot
a-, him three times, one ball passing
I'iruueb bis hat. As I ran and jumped
the fence Fow.er and his son be^au tirine.
I di.l not return the fire, but began run
iiiii-r. Fowler, his son and others cave
clia.se on horseback, firing at me many
times.
'•Phecba'S was an excitintr one as we
went up over tne hill, but 1 finally gave
out and crawled into a hole. When the
pursuers came I gave up and wtis 'aiten to
Cuolame and given an examination be!oj;e
Judae Watkins, being charged with as
sault witn a deadly weapon with intent to
commit murder. I was nekl to answer
before the Superior Court, and Constables
HtoKer and Ward brought me here. I
have no idea what they will dv with me.
'•I have a mother somewhere in Mon
terey County, but l don't know just where.
I liave not heard from her for a long time.
Yon may say that the wounding oi \Vood
ruff was accidental and that at that time I
ha ; no intention of doing any shooting."
The story told by the constables tallies
in most re-peels with that of Hart, witli
the exception that they claim tlie boy
stole the hor-e at or near Bakersficld in
stead of trading for it.
NEWS OF SAN JOSE.
The Bulb Show Continues to Attract
Large Crowds, No withstanding the
Unpleasant Weather.
SAN JOSE, Cai,., Feb. 10.— The bulb
show at Turn Verem Hali is a grand suc
cess. Despite the stormy weather this
evening there was a large attendance 1 .
The collection of bulbs is the finest ever
held on the coa*t and the lalie3 of the
Santa Clara County Floral Society are re
cipients of much praise for having in
augurated so successful a show.
A fine musical programme, under the di
rection of Clarence Urmy, was presented
from the stage. It was as follows:
Vocal solo, "MyDriam of You," Miss Mar
garet Kennedy; three pan chorus, "The Vinc
atheriTh," Treble Clef Club; vocal solo, "The
Angel's Service," Master I'ui.ip hailey, with
viclin obii^ato by Milton Ish: vocal solo,
"Who Will Jiuy lly Roaes," Miss Edna Olinder;
"Tne .Sinking Lesson," from the 4 "Lit tie Duke,"
the Treble Clef Club, in costumV
Those composing the club are as fo'lnws:
Misses Livingston. L>vell, Ross ami Z;iru
wait, first sopranos; Misses Battee, Morse,
Chapin and Pear!, second sopranos; Misses
Bent, Hablutzel, Holbrook and Kennedy,
contraltos.
Dancing followed. The sbow will con
tinue to-morrow afternoon and evening.
nil, l. he UKfOßiKii.
Ah Cheung, the Imported Higlibindtr.
Ha* yo Certificate.
SAN JOSE. Cal., Feb. 19.— Ah Cheune,
the Chinese highbinder who was brought
here to kill Charlie Quong, a merchant
on Sixth street, Chinatown, several
months ago, will be deported to China, as
he is in this country without a certificate.
Cheung's examination for making a mur
derous assault upon Quong was set for to
day, but this was indefinitely postponed
by Justice Dwyer, as the matter of Cheung
being illegally in this country has been
reported to Marshal Baldwin. A deputy
Marshal will tafce him to San Francisco
to-morrow.
Charley Quong had some trouble with
one of the >eoret societies in Chinatown
and Cheung was imt'Orted to kill Q ;ong.
He made an attempt a couple of months
ago, but the interference of Quong's
friends balked bis effort.
PARKER Wll.h COJSTEBT.
Arguments .F-.r an>l -tyaintt a -Vu> Trial
( "otitinutid.
SAN JOSE, Cal.. Feb. 19.— 1n the Supe
rior Court here to-day the arguments for
a new trial In the contest of the will oi
George 11. Parker, deceased, ivere resumed.
An estate valued at $200,000 is involved.
There neve already been two trials of the
ca-e. In concluding his argument in be
half of th« respondents, I>. M. Del mas
occupied almost the entire day. He
pointed out at length and with much
clearness the claims of his side as regards
the errors upon which the motion lor a
new trial is ba^ed. The argument was
one of the most able and convincing ever
presented to a court by that distinguished
lawyer. He was followed by D. W.
Burchard lor the respondents. Further
hearing upon the motion was continued
till next Friday.
Turn Vrrein fueling Club.
SAN JOSE, Cal., J-'eb. 19.— A number
of cyclista belonging to the Turn Verein
bare formed an organization to be known
as the Turn Verein Cycling Ciub. The
following officers have been chosen:
President, Fred Doerr; vice-president, W.
H. Ritter; treasurer, I. L. Koppel; cap
tain, It. (iraul Jr.; sergeant, J. M. Water
man. The club starts with a membership
of twenty-five. Application will be made
to the California Associated Cycling
Clubs. *
The Cough which is scarcely noticeable is
often the most dangerous. Very little done* of
Dr. D. Jayne's Expectorant, frequently adminis
ti-rrd. will Uke this away.
If bilious, tak* Jayuc's Painless Sanative Fills.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 20, 1897.
-fi* JTrYassqfr
Some cf the Ladies Who Have
Ably Assisted the Directors of
the Cloverdale Citrus Fair.
MENDOCINO DAY
AT CLOVERDALE
Throngs of Ukiah Citizens
Fleck to the Citrus
Exhibit.
Snow Succumbs to Sunshine and
the Greatest Enthusiasm
Is Manifested.
Visitors Astound?d at the Quantity
and Qua'iiy cf the Magnificent
Display.
CLOVERDALE, Cal., Feb. 19. —No
huge Bnow man with oranges for eyes,
oranges for a nose and oranges for a
mouth greeted the Ukiah excursionists on
their arrival this afternoon to view the
Citrus Fair. The snow has all melted ex
cept high on tuo mountains where the
chill wind has full sweep: but the rounded
peaks, clothed in white, add a p;cture«que
ness to the scene that is not only a nov
elty, but an example of the diversity of
climate above and below of this section.
The people from Ukiah and intervening
town 9 made the most enthusiastic excur
sion that has yei come into Cloverdale
during the fair. There was a long train
load of them. The clou Is having; rolled
by, they marched in a long procession
through the main -treets to the pavilion,
glad to bfl on the scene, glad to represent
their own towns and rejoicing in the
variety of resources of the northern
Sonoma Valley, wbicn are year by year
mating themselves better Known not
only in their own State, but all over the
I world. The large amount of home pride
I that the people of northern Sonoma
Valley tate in the Cloverdale Citrus Fair
is not usual with such exhibits and shows
. a healthy interest that argues well for the
products and enterprise of this section.
For genuine interest and local pride in
the festival Cloverdale and the other
cities of the valley far excel Fresno and
its line citrus fair of last December. In
proportion to population the attendance
is much larger. There arc people here
from Fresno and Los An^etes and they
are astonished at the quality and quantity
of citrus fruits.
In Spain horticultural records say there
is an orange tree 750 years old. which
during its last seascn bore 20.000 oranges,
great activity is being shown in this
vicinity in the planting of orange and
iemon trees that it will be only about 745
years short of 750 before the northern por
tion of this valley wiil be a competitor in
all markets for citrus fruits with other
sections of California.
One of the best indications of this i-i the
general interest among the people of the
valley in what has already been done.
Luiher Burbank of Sonoma has been here
several days, and ho is a horticultural
authority. He said this afternoon:
"As ornpared with all previous exhi
bition? of citrus fruits the present fair is
much more than an advancement — it is a
transformation. The flavor of the oranges
grown here equals any in the State. The
grain of the rini may be a little coarser
and the oranges larger, but that is an in
dication of young tr<>es. This section of
Sonoma County is destined to be an im
portant orange and lemon producing
country. The lemons are already super
fine.
"The pavilion was packoa again this
afternoon and to-ni^ht. One of the local
drawing cards is Miss Mahelle Smith, a
young lady cornet-soloist, 17 years of age.
She has talent and a rare expression in
execution, and a large share or the ap
plause of tne promenading multitude goes
to her. The address of th« evening was
delivered by Mrs. Anna Morrison Reed of
Laytonville. a handsome woman, who is
said to have no equal in the State as a
lady orator.
She was introduced by Mrs. J. A.
Kleiser, and began with a story of the
Planting of the lirst experimental orange
trees by a lady of the speaker's acquaint
ance, who came across the plains to join
her husband in California. She referred
to the pluming of the famous "original 1 '
orange tree at Biiwell's Bar, Butte
County, and covered these fint attempts
at growing citrus fruits la California in
graphic and eloquen: laaiMiaee.
"Wherever the purple fig will mature to
perfection," said the speaker, "there
oranges may be grown, and as tine tigs as
I have ever seen were grown at Biuo
Lakes, Lake County. The orange crop for
the whole State of California for the season
of 18'J6-97 is estimate at 8375 carload*, the
*r< a set in orang-s 76,000 acre 9. With the
demand for California oranges all over the
Union and orders coming even from
Florida, an orange- producing State, and
the promised tariff protection, the orange
industry has as bright au outlook as any
in the State.
"I beiieve with General Cnipman that
California is destined to be the
'orchard of America.' Here in Sono
ma, with your 960,000 acres of land
as rich and productive as ever smi.eii
in tne face of heaven — all of which, ex
cept that bordering on tbe coast,
can be successfully cultivated to
the fig, the grape, the olive and
the orange, with rapid and cheap
transportation by a railroad wbos>«
management is renowned from one bound
ary of the State to the other for its gener
osity and fairness 10 the citizen and the
producer, you Bbould be the banner citrus
producing oounty of Northern California.
You people have no excuse for poverty;
you have every opportunity and ncentive
to be self-support in c, independent and
even rich. I hope that every men, woman
and- child within the sound of my voice
will go home from this fair and plant an
oranee tree.
"The people who have planned these
•//" A3 yfu*n->
citrus fairs and carried them to a success
ful termination deserve the gratitude of
this community and the State at laree.
Fairs were the first markets of the world,
and to-day they are its be*t mode of ad
vertisement and medium of education for
the masses, who are best taught by the
method of these great object lessons."
Mrs. Reed paid a tribute to the fertility
and natural resources of Lake and Mendo
cino counties, which badly needed rail
roads and better public highways, and
concluded: "The omnge and lemon trers
which adorn your dwelling-place will sup
port you."
The day's festivities terminated with a
dance at night at Union Hal), across the
street from ttie pavilion. Supper was
served in the pavilion.
To-morrow is San Francisco day. Sev
eral parties aie expected up from the City,
including one witu H. J. Crocker, who
has a fine ex ibit at the fair. On Sunday
the pavilion will remain open, but there
will be no special programme. Other ex
cursions will arrive on Monday from Santa
Rosa, Petaluma and HealdsDurg.
STOCKTON SHOOTING ACCIDENT.
Member of a Minstrel Troupe Wounds
Himself With One of the Stage
Revolvers.
STOCKTON, Cau, Feb. 19.— One of the
Mabara Minsttel troupe was painlully
wounded in a shooting accident here yes
terday. Shortly after noon a member of
the company was taken to a pDysician's
office to have a bullet cut out of his left
leg. The lead had entered the limb well
up toward the hip. Dr. Oliver extracted
it and the man was taken to the car on
bacramento street, where the troupe is
slaying while in !?loc«ctoii. hast night he
was much improved, and no serious re
sults Will follow the wound.
To Dr. OiiVer tno;^ wco brought the
I minstrel baid the shooting was acciden
tally done by the man himself. The man
ager claimed that the stiooter "didn't
know it was loaded," thinking thai the
cartridge was a blank one Instead of one
containing a dose of lead. He just wanted
to crack a joke by trnig a bla:iK cartridge.
The pistol employed was one that is used
ou tue stage as a property gun, but the
man who keei>s it had loaded it with
i deadly cartridges instead of blanks.
1.1.K.1l JIU'l J\ JLVLK.
Const JCx-yttr%paper
Man Strikes It
i.irli in Korea.
TACOMA, Wash., Feb. 19.— The steamer
Olympia brought news from Shanghai
thai Leigh Hunt, lormor owner of the
Seattle Post-luteiligencer.and other Amer
icans have secured important mining
concessions from the Korean Government.
Tlie mines are situated in the vicinity of
Wonsan and consists of free milling
quartz properties, carrying gold running
$50 to $100 per ton.
Mr. Hum ana his associates, who in
clude James R. Morse, an Eastern capital
ist, have organized the American Trading
Company to handle the mines and carry
on other commercial business in Korea
and China, Stamp mills are being put
in and will be in action by June 1.
Mr. Hunt ielt behind him a staff of
American miners and experts, consisting
oi C. N. Noble, James R. Duff, Charles
Duff and P. K. Emory, as well as John
Taylor, a California millwright, who has
put up some of the largest stamp mills on
the Pacific Coast aim in Alaska. Mr.
Hunt's party on the trip through Korea
included 11. C. Collbran, president of the
Midland Terminal Railway of Colorado,
L. Bailey of Denver and Mr. Wyue. Mr.
Coli bran visited Korea to look over the
route of the Seoul-Chemulpo Railway,
preparatory to making bids for its con
struction. T«e party left Shanghai three
weeks ago f .r a trip over ihe route of me
proposed Hankow - Tientsin Railway,
which the principals are interested in
seeing promoted. Mr. Hunt stated mat
they were very slow about petting large
enterpri-es under way in China, and it
was impossible to say how soon this and
other Chinese railroad, projects would be
consummated.
Monterey Mnil- arrier'n Minhap.
MONTEREY, Cal., Feb. 19. — Julio
Arteilan, the United States mail-carrier
between this place and Posts, orty miles
down the coast, met with an accident yes
terday w ich neariycost him his life. He
wa« on his way down the coast with mail
for Point Sur lighthouse a.. d when pass
ing along the mountainside road, near
Garrapatas Creek, seventeen miles sou in
of here, his team and wagon wentover the
side and down tue emoanicment, fully
forty feet below the level of the road. The
wagon was broken into kindling wood,
one horse was killed and Arteilan escaped
with a broken leg and bdd bruises. The
accident wa9 caused by the recent rains
washing away the rondbed.
Dr. Ventura Lecture* at Stanford.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Cal., Feb.
19. — Dr. Luigi Ventura, the well-known
teacher, author and translator, delivered
a lecture yesterduy afternoon on Moliere.
B >tU this and his'recent lecture on Dante
were well attended by students i© English
and the Romance lanzua^es. Dr. Ven
tura graduated from the university of
Naples »nd continued his study in France.
As a teacher his specialty is Frenc ti and
Italian. These he tauuht in Beloit Col
lege, Wisconsin, and Grinnell College.
For two years he was private secretary of
Torumaso balvini. His lecture this after
noon consisted of readings and transla
tions ol the well-know author.
The Petrel »t Monterey.
MONTEREY, Cal., Feb. 19. — The
United States gunboat Petrol returned to
this harbor yesterday at 1 o'clock
from Santa Cruz, whither it was ordered
yesterday. Aher arriving in mat port it
was unable to find &afe anchorage, and
was compelled to return to Monterey dur
ing the present storm. It will remain
here and hnish target practice before pro
ceeding southward.
PITIFUL PLIGHT
OF A POSTMASTER
Robbed the Government to
Satisfy His Hungry
Creditors.
So Strongly Importuned That He
Was Unable to Stand
the Strain.
In His Cell Ha Now Prays for His
Heartbroken Wife and
Daughters.
PORTLAND, Ok., Feb. 19.— Postmaster
Craig, the defaulting Eugene official in
the sum of $2uOO or more, is in a pitiful
state. United States District Attorney
Murphy, who came from Eugene this
afternoon, says: "He makes no denial of
his guilt, and when asked as to his mo
tive in embezzling such a sum makes the
answer, 'I was in debt, and my creditors
bothered me so much that, to obtain re
lief from them, I took the Government's
money. I owed almost all the money
here in Eugene, and I could not walk a
block without meeting some one I owed or
passing a store on the books of which I
was entered as a debtor.
•' 'I could not stand tha strain. 1 paid
one bill by uaing Government money. The
other creditors heard cf this settlement,
and they demanded that their accounts
also be settled. I paid them, hoping in
some way to return the post office funds
used. I couldn't, ana now I'm under ar
rest as a thief. God help my poor wife
and daughters! But tiieu I had to pay
niy debts.'
"It is Craig's family that makes the
affair most piteous," continued Mr. Mur
phy. "His wife and two daughters are
about heartbroken. Upon me they seemed
to lay every bit of their trouble. I was to
blame for the husband and father being
held over to answer for his crime, and I
was responsible for the breaking up ot
their home, and in the manner of women
they told me what they thought. Never
have I encountered before such an experi
ence, nor do I want to again."
TZHHORiZt.It til TRAMPS.
Three Rufilnna l.noiinj JFartnhouaea in
folk 'ohm.'./. Or.
PORTLAND, Or., *eb, 19— A commer
cial traveler for a local house, S. W. Hell
man, just in from Polk County, reports
that within the past few days three tramps
have been running things with a high
hand among the isolated farmhouses in
that locality. When they first made their
appearance Mr. Hellman said he heard
this trio was armeo. with nothing but
heavy sticks, presumably picked up on
the road, but now it is claimed they are
supplied with two shotguns and revolvers.
Tnese weapons they must have stolen
from some of the farmers.
The robbers are well mounted, and
judging from their appearance they did
not come by their horses honestly. These
fellows have been quite carefuf to visit
farmhouses where not more than one cr
two men were in sight. They were not
successful in getting much money, as
that article is scarce among most of the
Polk County farmers, but they despoiled
them of all other articles of value that
they couid rind about the premises.
It is more tuan barely probable that
these fellows are Burn?, Brown and Con
ley, the burglars recently escaped from
the cfty prison here, but how they could
have succeeded in reaching Polk County
without rearrest, after descriptions had
been wired all over the State, remains to
be explained, unless no reward wa3 offered
for tueir capture.
JBOOVS IytsURAXCiS AGEST.
Arrested at Walla Walla a« Be Wat
About to Itccamp,
WALLA WALLA, Wash., Feb. 19.— J.
A. Kinck, claiming to be an agent for tha
National Li:e Insurance Company of
Montnelier, Vt., was arrested this morn
in,' on complaint of John Alheit charging
him with obtaining money under false
pretenses. The complaint alleges that on
December 18, 1896, Kinck went through
the form of insuring Lelia I* Alheit's life
for $2500, collecting ?61 as the first pay
ment. No policy having been received,
suspicions were aroused, and last night
he telegraphed to the headquarters of the
company in Montpelier inquiring the rea
son of the delay. An answer was received
tnis morning that the company d ; d not
know any agent of the name of Kinck,
and he was referred to the general agent in
San Francisco. A telegram to ibe latter
elicited the rep'y that Kinck is unknown
there and has no authority to act as
agent.
Kinck was arrested just as he was leav
ing the city on the train. He wiJl have a
hearing to-morrow morning in the Justice
Court.
H : ! I. I A M JJI7.N tf /•./,/, DIES AT AAF A.
One of the Earll**t Pion**v», Having
Landed Brrei in 1843.
NArA, Cal., Fob. 19.— William Russell,
one of the oldest of California pioneers,
died at the Veterans' Home at Yountville
on Wednesday last. H s health had been
gradually failing for many years, and his
death occasioned no surprise. Russell
landed in San Francisco from the ship
Benjamin Morgan in October, 1843. On
Jane 21, 1846, just after the surrender of
General Vallejo, he joined the bear has
party at Sonoma. He was an intimate
friend of Marshall, the discoverer of gold
in this State, with whom he mined for
many months. He was born at Machias
Me., November 13, 1821. '
Monterey Mason* Elect Officer*.
MONTEREY, Cal., Feb. 19.— At the
meeting of Monterey Lodg» No. 217, F.
and A. M.. the following officers were in
stalled: William Kay, W. M ; Will
Jacßs. 8. M. ; Dr. 8. S. Bogle, J. W. ; J. B.
Snively, treasurer; W. E. Crawford, sec
retary; H. A. Oimstead, S. D. ; J. T. Con
nelly, J. 1). ; A. A. Manual and A. Gun
zendorfer, stewards; W. J. Towle, tyler.
At the close of the ceremonies the retir
ing master, T. G. LatnDert, made an inter
esting address, referring to his Jong con
nection with the lodge, of which he was
the first worshipful master. Eighteen
times has he been installed master of the
Monterey Lodpe.
The ttelmtt Sold at Seattle.
SEATTLE. Wash.. Feb. 19— At noon
to-day the Federal Government sold at
publicauction the revenue cutter Wolcott,
which was recently condemned, for $30oo!
The purchasers were George Willeyj
Joshua Greon and Edward Folk, local
steamship men.
La Oripp* Blind* a Cartn'l Man.
MONTEREY, Cal., Feb. 19. — Louis
Woiter, a young man of Carmel, is almost
blind from the effects of "la grippe." He
Children Cry for Pitcher's Castoria.
became ill two weeks ago, but was later
reported mucu better. He was up and
around when he suffered a relapse, and
as a result the disease went to his eyes.
He was brought to this city for treatment
but physicians here say that chances for
his recovering his eyesight are small. He
will be taken to San Francisco to have an
operation performed on his eyes.
FIVE FATALLY BURNED.
An Entire Family Amost Totally Destroyed
in a Terrible Holocaust of
Flames.
CLEVELAND, Ohio. Feb. 19.— The fam
ily of Jacob Ciciecz of 663 Canal street was
almost completely wiped out of existence
this morning by a horrible holocaust of
flames. Eight people were burned in the
fire. Of these live will die. The injured
ones are at the Cleveland General Hos
pital.
Jacob Ciciecz, his wife and three chil
dren, the latter aged 3. 2 and 1 years, were
in bed. John Ciciecz, a brother of Jacob,
arose about 5 o'clock to light the fire. He
took what he thought was the kerosene
can. Instead he got hold of the gasoline
can. He poured the i asoline . on the
kindling and touched a match to the Btuff.
In an instant there was an explosion. John
Ciciecz was hurled to the end of the room,
his clothing on fire. The fire communi
cated to the feather bed in which were
Mrs. Jacob Ciciecz, three children and an
other woman. Jacob was also in the room
at the time of the explosion. With their
clothing all ablaze the father, mother and
the other woman seized the three children
and ran out into the yard.
Passing workmen rushed to the rescue
and extinguished the fire.
Following is a list of the victims:
John Ciciecz, husband, fatally burned;
Mary Ciciecz, wife, fatally burned ; Vic
toria Ciciecz, 3 years old, fatally burned;
Mary Ciciecz, 2 years old, fatally burned;
Ciclecz, 1 year old, seriously burned ;
John Ciclecz, probably fatally burned ;
Albert Jerno, badly burned; Joseph Jerga,
badly burned.
Grain I /. rarvr.i Burned.
TOLEDO, Ohio, Feb. 19.— Two grain ele
vators owned by Paddock, Hodee & Co.,
were destroyed by fire to-night. Loss
about $300,000.
OREGON'S LEGISLATIVE MUDDLE.
The Joint Assembly Will Continue to Meet
A/though the Session Has Legally
Expired.
CAPITOL, SaLEM, Or., Feb. 19.— The
joint assembly was called to order at 12 si.
Rollcall showed eleven Senators and
twent3'-four Representatives present —
thirty-five in all. A rectßß was then taken
till 10::*) p. >[.
The Benson-Mitchell House was called
to order at 7:30. The rollcall showed
nineteen members present. Somers made
a windy speech urging that the seats of
twenty-seven members be declared vacant.
Brown followed in the same strain.
Huntiugton made a logical speech against
the resolution. After much discussion
the question ot declaring the seats vacant
was put and carried. The House then ad
journed until 11:30 a. m on Monday next.
The joint conveniion was called to or
der at 10 p. m. The rollcall showed thirty
six members present — ten short of a
quorum. Chairman Brownell then took
the floor and denounced the Governor,
Secretary of State, tue Oregonian and
Populists for the condition of affairs that
now exists.
The joint assembly then adjourned to
meet to-morrow at 12 m., notwithstanding
the fact that the usual limit of the session
is at an end.
sornoiioßE coxiLLoy.
Ilijhly Successful Social Affair in the
t.nrina fr >/ tn u<»\ i miii.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Cal.. Feb.
19. — The sophomore cotillon came off this
evening in the encina gymnasium and re
flected great credit on the management.
The social lights of the class have had
th» matter in band for the past week, and
the interest the large majority has taten
in the event accounts for its success.
Mrs. Jordan, Mrs. Stillman, Mrs. Tow
ers, Mrs Plate and Airs. Bake- acted as
patronesses of the cotiilon. The recep
tion committee consisted of Miss Merritt,
Miss Murkham, Miss Brnnton, W. c]
Morrow, C. E. Schwartz and W. P. Mc
lntosh (chairman).
The patronesses' booth was charmingly
decorated with evergreens and flowers.
The walls were also brightened with green
boughs. From the roof the class colors
were tastefully hung.
Yang's Orchestra of San Francisco fur
nished the music. The programme con
«i-ted of twelve numbers and extras. H
R. Plate and MissPlielps led the cotillon'
JFRESXO JLXBUHAXCJS JtATJiS.
Agents Combine and Hffcel a Heavy
FRESNO. Cal., Feb. 10.-The war
among the fare insurance companies
whicn has been waged with Buch bitterness
for the p*st two years, is now at an end, so
far as Fresno County 13 concerned. This
is the result of the association of the
agents in the county. The agents were
successful in accomplishing their pur
poses, and a uniform schedule of rates is
now in force. Besides this the agents
have procured from their companies the
exclusive right to the business of the
county. Formerly about one-third of the
insurance in the county, especially on
large buildings whose owners reside in
San Francisco or have considerable busi
ness there, waa placed with brokers in
lu ftt city*
The agents Lav- the old
"flat sc edule that was in vopue several
years ago, before the companies began
putting up the special rate,. On an
average it is estimated that the change
will make an increase of from 25 to 50 per
cent from the cut rates. P
timli.t Stabbing Affray.
VISALIA Cal,, F tb . 19 -A stabbing
affray took place this evening in the Palm
Garden saloon thU city. A laborer while
crazy drunk began fighting J,,e Roemer
proprietor of the saloon, and stabbed Tom
Mahan. a drunken iuunger who w rtS sir
in a serious condition. " 8
For the Vtnnha £xnotl(Un
SALT LAKE. Utah, Feb. 19— The dele
gation visiting tue trans-Mississippi States
in the interest of the Trans- Mississippi
Exposition to be held at Omaha next
year arrived in Salt Lake to-day from
Omaha and addressel the Legislature,™
joint session, ur-.ng upon that body the
necessity of making a liberal appropria
tion lor the representation of this state
at the exposition. The de egation will
viHtalthe States west of Mississippi on
a similar mission. " ua
Txco Xo« Galon JJuildingi Hurtled.
LOS GATOS, Cal., Feb. 19. _ Two
structures in the business part of Lob
Gatos were burned early this morning
The oreupants were Vodden Bros, shoes
and a general merchandise store' The
loss was $10,000, only partially insured.
The cause of the lire is unknown.
REBEL PARDONED
BY THE SENATE
Prominent Ex- Confederate
Oificer Has Disabilities
Removed.
Congress Discusses the Arbitra
tion Treaty and Appropria
tion Bills.
Senator Daniel Will Read Washing
ton's Farewell Address Before
Both Houses.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Feb. 19.+-Th e
open session of the Senate to-day Hasted
for only half an hour. Two conferee
reports on pension bills were agreed to—
one giving $50 a month to the widow of
General Stockman and ' the other $35 to
General Julius H. Stahl. j
Senator Daniel (D.) of Virginia, was
designated as the reader of Washington's
farewell address next Monday— an observ
ance introduced by Hoar (R.) of Massa
chusetts some years ago, when Senator
In gal Is of Kansas was presiding officer pro
tern, and when, he was as such designated
for the reading. His splendid elocution
has never been excelled on a like occa
sion. |
Possibly the last of the "unreconstructed
rebels" was pardoned to-day in the person
of Colonel D. E. Sims of Kentucky, the
Senate passing a bill to remove his politi
cal disabilities.
At 12:30 p. m. the Senate proceeded to
the consideration of executive business,
the arbitration treaty, and at 6 p. M v ad
journed without having taken any action.
t ♦
' SLO USE WORKS SLOWLT.
Another Appropriation Bill Is Taken
Vp ana J>iscus*etl.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Feb. 19.—An
other appropriation bill was taken up in
the House to-day, but little progress was
made. The measure was that carrying
appropriations to supply deficiencies for
the current fiscal year and prior years. It
encountered its first snag when Grow
(R.) of Pennsylvania insisted that be had
a right to speak as long as he wanted to
on it. This position was discussed for
some time and resulted in a victory for the
venerable Pennsylvania member, who de
voted some extended remarks not on the
appropriation bill, but the Oklahoma free
homestead measure. Then a long discus
sion was started by Richardson (D.)
of Tennessee, over an item to pay special
attorneys for defending suits against the
United States.
Richardson wanted to know the use
of paying attorneys to defend such cases
when the judgments given against the
United States, particularly under the
Bowman act, were never paid. Many
members spoke in regard to the propriety
of paying the Bowman claims, but when
the afternoon was nearly over the discus
sion was dropped. The Di.'l was not
finished at 5 o'clock, when the House took
a recess for three hours. To-nignt it dis
cussed private pension bills. Sayers
(JJ.) of Texas gave notice that he would
offer amendments to the deficiency appro
priation bills in behalf of the Southern
Pacific Railway Company.
Two hours were frittered away by the
House to-night over the private calender.
Friday evenines under the rules are de
voted exclusively to the consideration of
private pension and relief bills.
When the House met at 8 o'clock Talbot
(D.) of South Carolina wanted to call up a
measure granting a pension to the widow
of General Rice of lowa, but his motion
was ruled out by the chair, Sherman (R.)
of New York, on the ground that it could
be made only in committee of the whole.
Then filibustering began. Rollcalls on
points of no quorum and on motions to
adjourn followed each other. Just before
10 o'clock the Committee on Invalid
Pensions decided to give up the attempt
to do business, and the House at 9:55 ad
journed until to-morrow.
MAKERS OF MEN
MAKERS OF MEN
MAKERS OF MEN
MAKERS OF MEN
MAKERS OF MEN
nnMf] MAKERS OF MEN
\™ MAKERS OF MEN
1 =II MAKERS OF MEN
MAKERS OF MEN
Hudyan is the greatest Kemedio-treat-
ment that has been produced by any com-
bination of doctors. On account of this
wonderful remedy the Hudson Doctors
have been termed makers of men. This
is true, Hadyan does make man. It cure 3
man of premature weakness in
Hudyan cures night losses, cures drains,
cures spermatorrhoea. Hudyan cures
headache, dimness of sight, noises in the
head and ears. Weakened men, prema-
ture man remade with the great Hudysn.
Hudyan can be had from the doctors of
Hudson Helical Institute and lrom no
one else. Write for
CIRCULARS.
TATMTQ When you have contracted
- Lirv - l - L ' 1O a blood disorder, when you
m A xvmci nave il iQ tne I" 1 , second-
i AlNTS arv or tertiary state, you
may be said to have blood
TATMT^I tainti ; really your blood is
■*■ xl -*-li XkJ poisoned. We recommend
to you the
30-DAY BLOOD CURE.
WRITE FOR CIRCULARS.
Hudson Medical Institute
Stockton, Market and Ellis Sts.
i —
Pennyroyal pills
P -*,^f**w Original «nd Only Sennin*. A
>- y^/TMTJi •»r«, alwa/a relltbl*. l*dic« >ik il\
Aj( V^kM t><-«««irt tor' CHch—ttr't *n»lw/l PfViWl\
Wyj^4««<f«,«d la Red «,.i Geld m.ulltoVVAy
—-?««'»*••■ i*»ltd ttlOi hlu. rlhbon. T»k*
tW svnI bo o*k*r. Hefu*e danyrrrnu rubttitf
I / (tfUtnsmndtaUtotian: At Drugg mi. •rwlldt
I 5t Jf l?_5 t * m P* "' p»rtlo»l»r«. te>tlm«nlal< udWASHINGTON'S BIRTHDAY CELEBRATED IN THE SCHOOLS.
Patriotic Exercises Generally Rendered Consisting of Flag Salutation With Appropriate
Song and Story.
. The occurrence of Seoree Washington's
birthday anniversary' next Monday caused
an order to issue iron the School Super
. intendent that the {feat occasion be form
ally celebrated by the pupils yesterday.
Accordingly a lflrgeiiuniber of classes in
the Tarious schoolsobserved the occasion
yesterday with patriotic exercises, flag-
Balutation and appiopriate music. Among
others the iollowbg programmes were
rendered:
Everett Grammar Sqiool. seventh grade, taught
by Miss N. Thelsen rid Miss Devine— sods: of
Washington, class; reunion, "Hymn of 76";
reading, -Fain- to lie Fatherless"; recitation,
">io:mliig of Stony Joint": recitation, '-The ;
.Flag"; essay, 'tife of Washington": I
S<ng, "In Woods I is Peace": recitation,
•Wounded"; recitaibn. "Seventy-six": 'Flag i
■ Song" for Washington's Birthdry; reel- !
taiion, "Gettysburg ':iecit"lon. "Old I'ut"; reci- |
tation, "3 »•..- House Bell"; sing. "Monm Ver- ;
non Bells"; recltati(a, "The American Flag":
• recitation. -Mieriiiai/n Ride": recitation, '-our
• Countiy"; recliation, "Baiban i- "; song. "All
Hail, 1 lion Glorious Morn"; recitation, "Boy's .
i oem en Waahingtoi ' : reel tat on. "The ■ ooa Old !
Times"; reading, -Arnola on Vasbington"; reci
tation, "Washington": recitatlcn, -The American
Boy"; song, • -Star-spang, ed Bainer."
Everett School, n:u;li grade, C.W. Mart, teacher: |
Essay on Wa->liingion. Aliitni. Thompson;
,"mnj, "Vacant Chan" class: e»say on Washing. |
'ton, .N'miia Brnce; long, "1 lie; Have Broken Up
' 'JUieir Camps," class •'Uashiiirfon's it. flu me on j
American lo!ltic.=." Alllster \lhcKei.zie; song.
■ "Just foie tin- lie." claas;''Washlngton as a |
Statesman." Nabyn Chapinun boms, "N eepii g ,
for he Flag," • las*; "Waeblngua as a \\ nrrior," !
..Florence AUridze; none, "Idtle Major," class; ;
. '.'.Washingtoii's Farewell AddDss." Alma Van I
Idc rS.ine: patriotic quotations foni ihe das*.
Lincoln lirammar .school, J.F. Hamilton, prin
cipal — Chorus, ■•lted. White aid i.lue"; select
■•rcaiing, ••George Washington, 1 William Pitt;
, «--.iy, -Lite and Character of Washington," Al
•fi.d .~tearus: declan ation, "Atdre.=s to Uevolu
fiunary i atriots,' Claude Comptw: chorus, "Hall,
jb.unibiu"; ueclamaliou, '•'! lit National Flag,"
William Green; de<Jam«tlon -Lincoln's Gettys- |
• burg Address," George Belvel; .eel., mutton. "S»- '
. i'lun Hale," Ellis Wood: aadess by Professor
knowlto : chorus. 'A rim.'
Hears Grammar .School, Mr« Nettie A. Wood. I
principal— Song, "Hail, i o.umrH," class: three
"school »atno:lc recitations, i.i-u \ lnton, Kvm
> olson auil -cot; Spence ; pi«o solo, Frauds
lacy; lecitatlon, ■■ '7i," i'ho.iu.t Allen; class
soi n,. "Mar-spangled Banner"; recitation. "Ac
.drexsof •iiilii^ton." Amanda ilp><: flute solo j
Mi-JshHl Ui-1 : recitation, "i.t-ttßhnrg Address," j
Howard slogan; song. "Col umbU," Lola u'Bnen • '
c)a« reiiuitlou, U 1. •Jray'scijjs recitation, -The !
.Mory o' Cur country." Dor* ccaer; cuss song. !
••Mount Vernou ii<-.;s': plauo sol« .Marguerite Hur- I
ney; rotation. "The King ana the Child " L no, ■
t Connolly; song, ".Cud. White aid Blue." classes, '
r I. ation, "Crowning 01 WasUugiou," Kdward i
I'rrr- ;violtnsi 10. patriotic, liarrfCiarlc: recitation, ]
•'„•'••' ashiiijiioj'a Jlonumint," i r.-y Clark; cias-i I
sniutaiion to fin?, etc., Miss i .-visin's .lass; recita
tion, fuur girJi* in Mis> Bray's c.jss quartet red -
Uition. -ieUruory i.a.," ll.iry Livingston; I
'•(.ieorse Washing on." John* f. firman • -Tile
Xittia Haiehei," ri^iirj- orudminn: -Washing
.to; "s Birthday,'? Al.ce Lyle. recta -in, -'.rmyof
th- Dea ,' Lucile Tucker; song, ••AnifiicaJ'
Webster l'rimaxy, Miss Agnes M >) amii%, prin
i-;|i.«; --••:iimu..iuii of the fla^. fo loved by a«ecrn>
live piece entiled "ljindiug of it.- PiUrline," by
, the class The concludins; portlo .of the exercises
wii consist of: Bending, "Oeorgi Waihlngton";
. "H.ed, U lilt - and Blue" (song), by tne school;
"* asblng^on's P.ules of Condict," ten girls:
••\V«»himeion," six pupils '-Stai-spangled Ban
mr" (sons), school; recitation, ••:-■. of Liberty";
"ih->hipoi aiate,'* recitea by tie class; "Amer
ica" (aoa«.j, by me school.
Clem, nt i.»i..ii.ui»r MlssM. K. Cal ahau,
?rlucipal. First grade, pro over by .Mrs. S.
1L .-low: Salute to Hag: lass recitation,
••Where Did We Get Our Prely Fia..? " song,
"Rubin Hood," Kugenia Hist; rcltation. "I. it 1^
Doliie," L." ue Posenor: r-citatlti. '-Uog Bluff,"
V. i lie Hartnian; motion song, "lie I alii," class:
. recitation, "The dins," HarryQuigley; song,
•■• o Jen Hod," Olli" Dodson; «asi recitation,
.".Little Boy Bine"; Wasaliigton eerclse, te.icher
and class: rt-cltntton, "Sowing," clsi ; "Columbia,
the Gem of tv«- Ocean"; letter execise (patriotic),
c as.; -America," class.
l.ninl and fourth graces, Miss liomas and Miss
Agnes J. Cono.ly, teachers— "-aie to the Flag,"
class: so.g, "America," class: -ecitation, "Our
Fiag," Milton .Lichstensteader; patriotic quota-
BIG DAMAGES FOR
CHARLES A. LEE
The Southern Pacific Rail
road Company Must
Pay $8oo(
No Variance, Says tie Supreme
Court, in the Jiry's
Findings.
Tte Company's Clever iuse at Law
Fails of Its Inten— Trial
Jadee Reverse.
.The Southern Pacific Rilroad Com
pany will pay Charles A. L»e the sum of
$8000 damages, with no chmce to dodee
. the is tie. That was the deision of the
"buprerae Court nanded do-n yesterday.
•Leo brought action agaibt the South
ern Pacific Railroad Compny to recover
damages for personal injures sustained
by him. His plea wai that;he company
was the owner ol a c« :ain rilway in the
. County of Los Angeles, and that at the
time of the injuries coinpaiied of he was
employed as urakeraan; thatwhile in the
.performance of his duties at a siding
called Honby he was throwr.from an en
gine upon which he was ridng and bus
• tamed aer.ous injuries.
. He further alleged that thicanse of the
' acciden;was the negligence of the com-
Dany in imperfectly congtrucing the rails
and track at Honby and alowing them
to remain in that condition.
In answer the company Emitted the
ownership of the road in cjestion, but
Claimed that it was not re*poi»ible for any
accidents, as prior :o tne ;ime of the
brak man's injury it had ioaed the road
and all the rolling stock to he Southern
Pacific Company of Kentucky. I: also
denied that Lee was ever in i:s employ as
brakeman or in any other edacity, and
that the road was imperlectlyconstrucied
or out of repair.
The jury returned a generd verdict in
■Lee's ;avor for $8000. It also made st^cal
findings of fact upon crtaii interroga
tories presented. Briefly suruuanzed they
were: That defendant owned the road in
question, but that as rlnimed it h»d been
leased together with the roli.ng atom to
the Southern Pacific Cotnpi.nv of Ken
tucky; that the Southern facific Com
pany had constructed the sile line, and
that the plaintiff was at the tfnie of the
accident ii the employ of the latter
company.
The trial court determined that a con
flict existed between the special findings
and thege-ieral verdict, and hiding that
uiuier the lormer tne cojupaiy was en
titled to the verdict, rendere. judgment
accordingly. Leo appealed Ihe case to
the Supreme Court.
In i:« riecision the Supreme Court
quoied seciion 1 article XII of tne consti
tution, which declares that the Legisla
ture shall pass no law prnutting the
alienation of any franchise so as to re
lieve the. franchise or property beld there
under from the liability' of t.ie lessor or
grantor, lessee or grantee, contracted or
enjoyed in the operation of the franchise,
or any of iis pnvileg-s. After a learned
dissertation on the law involved the court
reached the following conclu-i>ns:
That the proofs disclosed i^ee to be in
the employ of the Southern Pacific Com
pany and the slight variance in the cvi-
. dance immaterial. The amount could be
I
I lons, selpcted: dialogue, "The Red, the White,
he Blue," Ueorre Tyler, Raymond OJrtPn, Hiriam
I Room; song, 's"{eorge Wa.shi;Kton," cla-a; recita
! tion. ••Wasiii'iKt'in'.s Binhday," E. Voorsnnger;
dialogue. "Who Is Uashlui;toii?" Myrtle Hnirh.
Hazri Feiguson, Bea'rlce (Juittard and Mayheil
j^iiss; recitation. "The i';a,-." cias^: song. -'Th •
Golden West." class; recitation, •■story nf Wash
ington," Harry ( lansen recitation, "The Noble
Ii a : ' 1.. Mortimer; son?t. -F.ag of the Free"
"The stm-ipaug.ed Banner" and -'Good Ni b ht,"
ciass.
Flf h g ade. Miss M. K. Barry principal— Salute
the flag; sonic, "My Coin try," class; reci:atioti,
"OurCountr ," Lulu Lung. ion; recitu.lon, "Wash
ington," Mihou Pinnef: song, "Star-spHn<ied
Banner," class: dialogue, "ijeoige Washington "
Henry ess-'i, John schnur, Arthur lievnemau
sung. "Oin Own l'e»r Land," class; recliai on
-A Birthday Verse," Kmtty Ganco; recit.ition'
"The Good old limes," Johu o'Nt-II: recna-ion
"Washington," Dorothy B oom; patriotic quota
tions, ciass: "Mount Vernou Mells," clas< sone
Ki.nth grale. Miss F. R. Lewis, principal—
.Su.u;e the flut,-: song. -America": reciia lon, '-lhe
Picket Gaard," Adrian Falk; recitation Albert
I'osener; recitaiion, Luclen Gruss: song "StHr
spangied Banner"; recitation. '•Washington "
1 lorence Benson; reclta.iou, Stella leszvnsky
recltaiion. l-.mily Bellisle; patriotic quotations
class song. "Battle Hymn of the Republic"
i..'"^ *" et , l Grammar >chool---washington's
Birthday," Gertie Wai. stein; "Our Country's
lie-oes," Cornelius Deasy; "Wasbinexon." Lulu
I vase: song, ••To Washington" (w.rds by Mac
-Uet-K c). elgnth grade; a description ot Washing
ton's inaugural, Cecil (elter: "Crown our Wash
ington, itarry Bprlngor; -What It Uto P.e n
American." Roy Clark; song, "Columbia"
•Washington," Martina Tielmau; "Hymn of
7b, George Florentine; song, -Old Kentucky
Home'; "A Memorial of Washington," Hurry
Huxuenin: "Crowning ot" Washington," E.li'h
MarKs sonkt. "Wi.h Washington on the Dela
ware, Mayrelle Thompson; "The Washington
Monument/ Picßbe Wolfe: "Columbia's Uuar
diuu Angels,' Miss Murphy's and Miss Uoukof
sk>-s classes: "lhe Conclusion of Washington's
Orticial 1 lie," Joseph Golden: -America."
Hamilton Grammar Sch.K)l. iifth grade. Miss
Brow;, and .Miss Gll:esple, teacherj — song,
"America. 1 ' by class; sauuatlon oi fla^; read n"'
"Revolutionary Rising," D y Gladys Hulotson:
recitation, "American Hymn," by Valen me
Pierce: song, "Red, White aud Blue." by class
"W ishlntcton'a statue," by Lesley Klley; "The
Youth of Wasbintaon, 7 ' by Conchitl Davis; piitn
otic quotations Oi- twenty five boys or class; ••< 'nr
Nation," by Florence Harvey; song. "The >t;tr
spangled BauLer," by class; reoi. ation "Red
M'bite and Blue." by Mary Jiowd- "Hall
to the Flag of Slurs and Strip.-s," by
Alexander Leyfnss; "George Washington," by
ICnima MerrUllon, Geuevieve Vmignan, Lf
ona Neper, Carrie >anborn, sieila Drey
fuss, Irene Lesier, Lizzie Meagles, Gertrude
Harlow; soug, "Battle H.Man ot ilie Republic,"
by clas3; dialogue, "George Washington." ov
Henry cariton. Emile He-man, Sidney .-imon
Benj.«min Hlrschfleid. Braze> Miller; "our Flag."
by Lena hdkin; "Barbara F'rltchie," by Evelyn
doughty; an acrostic, 'Georg.- \\ nshingion." by
ROM oilmore, Lottie Simon, Kstelle Bea
trice i.andi in . ciiii Kiilln. Kertha Albers. Clarice
Bradbnry. Bessie Perkins. Marguerite Kiseuberg
Bessie Cleveland; "Na:han hae." by Ciarisse
Ducketl; "Un« Country, one Fag." b.- Flsie
Bruwu; 'Columbia," by Belle (4luckman; song
by Nellie < row. Loolac < n-^itn, Emma Donnelly
•■our i uuutry,' by Myrtle Bennett; "In 1732 "
by Edith Arouson; "lhe First President," by Mac
Crow; dialogue by Julm Garcia, Annie Auerbacn,
i-ill.e Lindo, Marie i oliuau. Aunie Taubert; song
".Mount Vernon Bella," by class.
In Sixth grade— Responsive exercises, with
saiuiauou of tneflj.. ; c:ass *oug, ••Washington's
Birthday"; "Lending Events in a >msnel"l
piano solo, vaise (. hoptn). Ml^s Lottie Vonr
s:niKer: class song, -Flag of the Free' 1 : reci a:ion,
•s-v^nt -six." Anita Beyfuas; zither and violiu
duet, Masters Hilien and Wrede: reading. "Life
of Waahiugion," Allen Abbott; piano so v, Alfred
Eistfuberg; recitation, Stela Harris; cl.iss son^'.
"Battle Hymn of ihe Repuolic"; r^citailoii, "Oor
Flag." liustav Meyer; piano >oio. I heresa Man
ner; charade and tableau; class souif, ••Mount
Vernon Bells."
Seventh grade— MUt K. Crowley, Miss E. J.
Arm. hi Alls* E. Uou.-lftss and lllas M. It. DuruinJ,
teachers. Class song. "America"'; recitation,
"Address to the American F a?," Agnes Donovan;
reading, "Our Country," Georgs Sim mom; recl
la.ion, "Barbara Frietchle." lieasie Berry; com
position, -'(ieorge Washington," Douglas Mora*;
recitation, •' Washiniftou'a ilirthday," Kmma de
Boom; patriotic quotations, Jeanette Grorschel
Sybil Levy. Harry t uler, Ktliel Watso.i
and Soliua Levy; recitation, selected. Ktoorn
Lazausky: reading. "Character of Washing
ton." Marguerite Block: recitation. "Revolu
tionary Tea," .Florence Conn; class song,
eliminated and the cause of action still
remain.
That plaintiff in°t with the injury while
engaged in tne lawiui performance of his
duties and met with the accident because
the road was out of repair and ihe com
pany was responsible for its unsafe condi
tion.
Therefore there was no irreconcilable
conflict between the general verdict and
thes:eciai findings of tne jury and the
court Bhould have entered judgment for
, Lee.
Accordingly the judgment was reversed
ann the course remanded with instruction
to the trial court to enter judgment for
Lee under the general verdict of tne jury,
or for $8000 dam;::res.
SAUSALITO MAILS.
The Town Across the Bay Will Hare
a liegular Daily Delivery
-. Hereafter.
Fansalito is to have a regular mail de
livery once a day under the system for
which Congress recently made a large ap
propriation for experimental purposas.
Those who wiU furnish boxes and place
them at convenient places, where carriers
can reach them as they pass along the
roads, can have their letters and paners
delivered once every twenty-four hours
and the carri r-- will also collect mail for
concentration at the postorlice.
The system will not extend far to begin
with, but if it be found to work well it
will be extended and made a permanent
affair, providing the Postofhee Depart
ment receives regular appropriations from
Congress to cover the expense. The pres
ent appropriation will he exhausted in
July, and it will then rest with Congress
whether the service stops or goes on.
Tne mail will be delivered by men in
carts or on horsebuck, and the carriers
will Have the right to carry on a regular
delivery business for articles that cannot
be transmitted by the mri!?.
POPPER FOR GRAND SACHEM
The Iroqnolg Club Will Urge Their Old
Leader for the Chieftainship or
the Organization.
The Iroquois Club held a meeting last
evening and completed arrangements for
trie prand gathering of the sachems on
Washington's birthday.
The speakers as arranged for are: W.
W. Foote, Governor Bu Id, J. J. Dwyor
and Mayor James D. PhHan.
Following tins business last evening
Joseph Lcggett spoke at some length on
the question of Che Pacific railroads' debt.
He spoke in favor of foreclosure upon the
roads and the establishment of a highway.
Daniel Kinc. Osbourne J. Meads, E. A.
Wattig, L. G. Ratto, Dr. H. Hart and J.
J. Fiinn were elected new members.
Delegates to the State convention held
a meeting immediately upon the adjourn
ment of the club, Joseph Leggett was
made chairman.
On motion of Charles Edelman the club
determined to nominate Max Pooper for
the office of jzraud sachem tor next year,
and ur^p a revival of interest throughout
the State.
Prominent NevadmiK in Town.
Among the arrivals* from Nevada yesterday
were several of the most prominent men in
the Sagebrush State. The list began with
United States Judge Hawley, who Is to preside
in the United Circuit court pending the
Appointment of Judg<* McKenna's successor.
Other prominent peisonaue- are Judt<e \V. a.
Manse y of the Nevada Supreme Court. C. M.
Humphrey, United t-tates Marshal of Nevada
and James F. Dennis, the attorn-y. of Reno,
partner of Congressman Francis G. Newlonds.
A Deal in Insurance.
A syndicate of San Francisco insurance rcen
beaded by W. G. laflender have i ure ringed the
Americau Protective Accideut Association of
Southern California, and will reorganize It
with headquarters In this City. The American
Protective was born In Red lands some tune
ago, and hus dove a Inured but successful
business south of the Tehr.cbapl. The new
owners will increase its capital mid enter the
local field at a Candida le for business at once.
Removal— Dr. S. \V. Dennis, dentist, has re
move 1 • !Oin 115 1'owel! street to Parrott build.
ing, 825-855 Market, over Emporium. *
THE SAN FKANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 20, 1897.
on . nt Vernon Bells": recitation. "Rmllv Gelcer's
Bide," Annie Keller; reclt i: ion. "The Black-eyed
Rebel," Isabel Mllie>; patriotic quotations, Cell*
Breltensteln, Sadie Burnett, Kose t-rankel, Oliver
i-iiu.lau st. Helen Lung, Otto Schonning. Lclgn
Hess and John Walicer; recitation. ••Washington,"
itose Muth: reading, "<*ur Country's History,"
Rose Drucker: recitation, "Scott and the Vet
eran," Ida Remington: composition, "George
Washington," Lulu Bothin; recitation, "Why We
Celebrate February 22," liarman Miller: reading,
"Dut:e*of American Citizens." Mabel Reed: 'in
dependence 1..-11," vera Kllon: class song, "Star
span led Banner."
Klghh grade, Miss H. S. Baldwin, Mlts M. Hor
ton. Miss B. V Clalborn, teachers— Salutation to
the flan; song, "America "National j-.nslgn,"
B rtha kman: hen We're anted," concert
recUation, three c asses; "Let tho Flag Wave,"
Lillian l'.ock: "The Good Old Days," -Madge Mc
i.wen; "Stripes and Stars," concert exercise,
thrre classes: "George Washington," Leon Ja
cobs: song. "Mount Vernou Be is"; "Oh, Beauti
ful >-"lait.' r Louis Levy; historical recitation^—
George Lefkovitz, Mac McLean, Carrie Collins,
Kwald Grunslcy, Elsa Hauser, Betty Lefkovitz,
Louise Htylei, Metrina Maleck, Jennie Gay, John
Whelau, Kenneth Brown, I.<.ui.s Kohn, Pauline
Keyser: "Hall to the FUg of stripes and Stars,"
Ne.lye Read; "George Washington," Maurice
Knopf maker: "Our Flag." Vida >wai:i; "Star
span ned Banner."
Ninth grade, Miss K. J. Norton and Miss I. R.
Strauss t-achers— Salutation to the flag, c:a-«s;
song, 'Star -spang ed Banner." class; essay,
••Washington," F.'.en* KoecKei; soug, "Battle
Hymn of the Republic," class; reading. "Wash
ington's Farewell Address," Mllioi Blackman:
song. "Mount Vernon B»l;s,'' class; ling of the
"Patriotic C.ass Paper," Elsie tsobriner editor.
Adele RehMsch assistant editor; vocal solo, "our
Country," Mac Little; song, "America," clasi.
San Francisco Normal school, M. M. Fitzgerald,
vlce-orlnclpal— ~ong, "Columbia, the Gem ot the
Ocean," class; reading, "The Picket on the Poto
mac," Charles Lyser; piano sol", --.Naiional Alr«,"
Julia H. Maynew; reading, "Deciarailou of Inde
pendence," Julia su:livan; piano soio, "Awaken
ing of the Lion." Aline* Caiman; recitation. "The
chambered . au'.i us." Pearl struud: "Spring
song," class: recitation. "Drake's Address to the
American Flag." Ollvo Btackmar; pii.au solo, "1
I'urltant," Katherlne l.uwior; recitation, "Frank
lin's Toast," He eu Kayruona: piano solo, selec
tion from Chopin, Letliia Alslp: song. "Mount
Veruou Be' Is," doubt* quartet— Agnes Coleman,
Pearl >trojn, Jessie Gllmour, Elizabeth Vincent,
Georgia Hawkins, Jessie .Newsom. Julia Mayhew,
Marian Hiding; closing song, "Bailie Hymn ot the
iiei.ublic," c ass.
Mission Grammar School — Ninth Grade: Class
Mom-, "America"': essay, '-Childhood Of Washing
ton." Bertha Stoltz; piano solo, "Nightfall in
1-orest," Alice lonian: dsuy, "Youth oi Wash
ington," May Bell: piano solo. "Sleigh Rl ie," Ger
trude Aldrich; r-citaiion. "The Dandy Fifth,"
Annie Horn; piano solo, "Grand Waltz." Aunle
Boy son: essay, "Manhood of Washington," Edna
Anderson; flag dance, Ueorgi« Bacon, Kua
Hhlde «r, Thelia and Battle Gritlln;
re. i at. on. '-The Cumberland," Margaret Me-
Quade; piano so:o, "Musical Box," Jic-tsie Gay;
essay, "vV'asutngton's First Term," Herbert Mac
dougall. sword dance, Ktta tshideler; etsay, "He
elec:ioa of Wash! gton," Kthel Alien; piano solo,
Grace Newberg9r; recitation, "Wa.hington's
Birthday,'- Irving Carr, Ktliot btewa-t, Frank
Hoop, Arthur P.olh; piano solo, Ethal Allen:
essay, "Illness and Death of Washington," Nelly
O'Connor: class song. "The Mag."
Eighth grade, Miss Nora Sullivan, teacher—
Son«, "Mar Spangled Banner," class; "The Char
acter of Wasuiug'.ou." Edith Hurley: reading,
poem, Adrienne Melody: "Anerdotea in the Life
of Washington," A. Trampieasure: "'he Child
hoo:i of Washington," Tbereia Kicn;rds in song,
"Marching Thiough Georgia," cluss: "Washing
ton." .Mane >on«ierup: "Washington iii ih« Kevo
lutlonary War," Lottie Ferguson: ••me of Wash
iiiKioii," Harry Allen "Eulogy of Washing on."
May Hurst; "Washington as President," Alice
McMahon; "Washington's solicitude for the
Union," Lotty Kasten; "A Chain of Date*," Will
Day; song. "Mount; Vernon Bells." clasj; "Wash-
Ingion's Love of Troth." Genevieve .Baker;
■Washington's Regard for KeHjtion," i.oitle
Uncles: "Washington's Patriotism," Julia Byron;
song. •'America " class.
Kn:luh grade- Mis* HUlrnaa, teacher— sonir.
"Anii-r Ca " by clans; gal.ite to flag, by c as*:
"Why We Cel*brac« Washington's rthday," by
class; son* ltiruhia." by class: •'The Chlla
ho.ni of Washington," Nona ruri:uuu; "The
Vi tun and KdocatlOa of Washington," Louise De
hay: 'm aablng ou's Ct.unt-c lon With the French
and liidU-i \>«i," Wliiflrld .-initli: "Washtn :ton
During lh • It evolution " Kllmar To.kra.tD;
'•Washington a* i resident," .Joiui O'Lo;nlen;
"Wash n;ion at Mount Vernon," Bernard Ma. sun:
son?, "Mount V*rnon Belli," cln»s; Wa*lUn(
-ton'a Tomb," Maud Forbes; "The Character of
SUPPLIES ARE
HARD TO OBTAIN
The Unemployed Arrang
ing Their New Head
quarters.
Cooked on the Big Range for
the First Time Last
Evening.
Lumber, Kitchen Utensils and Viuals
Were oba:ned by Solicitors
Yesterday.
The unemployed spent yesterday in col
lecting materials to make their new quar
ters, 614 Howard street, habitable and the
night in making the most of what they
obtained.
Chairman Leffingwell announced in the
afternoon that none except those who hat
proper credentials signed by the chairman
and secretary would be permitted to col
lect contributions and that all others
would be considered impostors and ex
pelled from the hall and its privileges.
Some of the solicitors who went out dur
ing the day to canvass for supplies met
with lair success, but the majority came
back dishear:e:ied with the answers they
received.
"The Salvation Array has tne town bo
thoroughly covered," said Chairman Lef
fingwell in explaining the mutter, "that
we find it hard 10 get even enough to feed
these hundreds of hungry men.
"All we want is enough to keep the
boys from hunger and give them a place
to sleep unt.l they can get work, when, of
cours . they will oe off our hands.^
"In many ca-es we have asked bakeries
and luaikels to divide their charity be
tween us and the army, and have
promised to do so.' ?
One solicitor who called on the Simpson
Lumber Company ye«:erd.ay was glad
dened by an order for 2000 feet of lumber,
and last night the merry munc of saws
and hammers resounded through the hall
as carpenters ainon^- the unemployed
knocked the rougn boards into tables and
tenches on which to leed the crowd.
Oilier solicitors obtained stovepipe and
stove connections, and at 7 o'c ocfc t c
chairman leaned over the gallery in the
south end of the hall and said:
"Boys, the range is in place and in a
short time there will be coffee, bread,
potatoes and meat for all."
'ihis announcement was greeted with
cheers and the poor fellows, many of
whom had not eaten for twenty-four
hours, began to take heart and talk of the
time when welcome employment could be
obtained. It is needless to say that all
fell to with a will when thp cooks had
served the food smoking hot m vessels
that had been contributed during the day.
Finger* served for knives and" forks in
many instances, but the victuals disap
peared rapidly even with this handicap.
Several hundred men spent the night in
the bic hall curled up in corners or sleep
ing with their heads on the tables. It in
hoped to obtain enough lumber to-day to
build bunks for a great many. The fol
lowing contributions were obiained yes
terday:
Holbrook, Merrill & Stetson, assorted dishes
and kitchen utensils; Irving Brog., one lack
potatoes; William Cllne, tnree hums; A.
QuaUe & Co., fifteen pouuds beans; Tnumas
Laughliu, ten pounds bacon; Wolf's Sons, one
sack potatoes; Paulici & Caueidy, one aack
Washington," c ass; "What Washington Didn't
Do," Kihel Burnett; "Facts Not iJe-ieril.y
Known," class: soig, "Sstar-SpangUd Banner,"
class
highth grade, S. 11. Macauley, teacher— Class
salute to American flaz; class song, "The Bells of
.Mount Vctuoii"; essay, "Life ot Washington."
Wil.le u'Kouice; recitation, "Washington." K.
Anderson: son:, "Battle Hymn of the Republic,"
class; essay, "Character of Washington," Ida
WKhtmaii; recitations, "The .Mount Veruon
Tribute"— Melville Ash*, Lloyd Boynton, Harry
JJi'-.sou, Willie Hock, John 'Janham, George 'dig,
Albert Herzog, Wesley He»s, Henry Lluderman,
Fred Meh!oi>, alter Kosenber:;, John Thompson:
••Lifuof Washington," J-.mma Itop^: class recita
. tion, "Tni? Grave of Washington": tribute to the
I m th<rof Washington, Ne:tie Anderson: "Wash
ington as the Commander of the American Sol
! diers,"' Victoria God: ny: '"Star-spangled Banner,"
class; selected reading, "Washington," Olga
Meyer; ess >y, " Washington," Ruby Cannam;
song, "America."
seventh grade. Miss Kennedy, teacher—••Wash
ington's Life," Marlf Mod re; "ML Vernon Bells,"
class; flag sentiment, Jessio Letts; reading. "An
Interesting Scene," Kob-rt Chesney; oath of al
legiance, class; "Washtn™ion's' Public Life," Mil
lard .-mi h: song, "Birthday of Washington Ever
Honored." class; recitation, "Our Flag." Nana
Letts; vocal duet, -'Our Own Dear Land," Jessie
1 Day and Lillle Nelson; recitation, 'De«.h of Na
tions," Julia Kills: "Washington at Ml. Vermin,"
Edgar .lz: "Washington and tHe Children."
.M. Watson: patriotic quotations from each pupil;
"Star-spangled Banner. 1
seventh grade, At iss Clark, teacher— Song,
"Mount Vernon Bells," by the class: 31. lute to the
flag, compost: ion, "lii-orge Washington," by Ethel
Wagner: extracts from life of Washington, by
twenty-one pup. ls: song. "Speed Our Republic";
reading, " Ihe Decla ation," by Vida Campbell;
"Thought of Great Thinkers About Washington."
by seven pupils; "Tributes to Washington," by
nine pupils; sons. "America," by the class.
6 xth gride, Miss Annie M. Gallagher teacher-
Song "America," class: silate of in- flag, class;
"BoyhooJ of Washington," Dan Cailagbun; reci
tation. "Tne Truthful Boy," Willie Blarney; vocal
so:o, Teresa Cornyn: sketch from Waumigton's
Hie, Kvelyn Kidder; song. "Kally r.ouun the
Kiai(," class; maxims, l'ercy Bt-csey, Julius
Flnsterbiisch. Alfred Andrew, August Headman,
John O'Brien: violin solo, Alfred Johnson: read
ing. "Arnold or Wasningtn.i," Harry Werner;
-long. 'Mo.int Vernon Bells," clasi; "Tribu'es to
Washingiou"— Archie Thompson, Louie Qu.idt,
Henry Peters. Joe Seol.ln, Nellie Just, Harmon
Fischer; 'lieorge Washington," Paul Anderson;
reaJi g, "ihe BAttleflag at sheuaiidoah," i-lsie
Dili tan; song, -Sing for the Goidt>u West," class;
quotations— Kay Ider, Dan Hurst, Charles Bow
man, > h. tries West. Joe Boflico, Charles McUowan,
Annie scliiiunan. Hurry i-oiiery; song, "Colum
bia, the Oem of the UcH!i," clas-t.
Miss Horu's aad .ii iss Kt'z»immons' clauses—
Song, "The St»r->;-a::g!e t Banner," by the class:
recitation, "Wasuington," by ten boys; "Free
dom's Flag,'.' by Miss Fitzsimruona' cluss: recita
tion, •'Washington's Christmas Party, ' by John
Drcsher; recitation, "Washington's Blrthiiay," by
nineteen girls; sjiiij, "Guard the Flag"; -Our Own
Deer Washington." by Masters Prenderi;a3t, () li
puaut. Hiu.-ard and Marxen. song, by Miss Horn
class: recitation." ThreeKinb:ems," Charles Uunn;
patriotic selection^ by five g.rls, Miss Horn's
class; dnet, mandolin and ; uitar, by John nod
Henry Dreaher; recitation, •■ihain of" Dates,' by
eighteen boys; song, "Columbia," by c.ass; recita
tion, honored Washington," by Kihel Bar- I
thold. reci ation. "The v.d Flag," by Mias Bit*
slmmons' cla^a ; Washington's maxims, EtUel
January: sung, "Mount Veruon's Bells"; recita
tion. "Crowning of Washington," Kalph, Bartel ;
son*, by Miss Horn's class: "The True Glory of
Washington," by Louis Hitter; "Washington " by
Kdward Cimpber; son;;, "America"; "Thoughts
of Washington," by four boys.
Fifth grade— rla!M none, "The Star-spangled
Banner": reading, -Life of Washington," Lottie
Pod 1; "Questions on Washington," Andrew Peter
son, Jon i Michael; r'-climiou, "The Birthday of
Washington." Grauvilie Mayht^v; recitation.
■•The American Boy," John Thompson;
vio in duel, Edna ana Alfred Johnson; reel
ta'ion, "Ihe Truthful loy," Frank i-spel;
" l ributes to Washington." by nine toys and girls;
class' song, "Columbia, My Country": recitation,
••Not George Wnshincton," Herbert Roth: recita
tion, "Tij. F ower of Liberty," Josephine Halm:
soriK. "I'll Take You Home, Kb h.e-ii, 1 ' Ad i|.>
Brewin: recitation, ••Washington's 'Birthday,"
Josephine Clatk; recitation, "Not Always- Chi
drrn," Eda Wlndeler; class song, ••Mount' Veinon
Belli ': recitation, "Our v.ou.iiry's Flag," Lillian
stoever: "The . Noted Days of Kebruary,"
by seven boys and Kirls; violin so o,
Josephine Clark: recitation, Walker Graves;
recitation, "l,i»rn.tra Frletchie," Fred Uojth; galtar
and mandolin duet, John an I ilenrv I'rts i.er
"Washin^ion's Maxims," Helen and Jerome;
Burgmuu; class sorig. -Columbia, the Gem < f the
a:i". recita.i n. '-The tied, White and Blue,"
Linda Brink: recitation, "Bachelor's Bliss," tiara
Meyer; rec ; i 100, "George Washington," by six
pupt.s; reClla'.lon, "Why the old Kuosmr Didn't
tie," Mar.- PerclVal : violin solo, Sophie Zu oil : re
citation, • Tin- <iooi oil Tim. Arthur Uculd;
recitation, "The American Fla:," Anna Korrhcrs;
class recitatlun, "Tile Old Flag"; cla>s song, '-i'he
Battle Hymn of the Uepubllc"; recitation, "Ship
of State, 1 Vernon Campbell; " i'lio Luna of Lib
erty," Lottie Podd and i-da J'.osc man; recita
tion, "George Washington," Mina Bock; reciia
tlo:i, Kdn* Johnson; recitation, "Independence
Belt," Mary Veiter. patriotic quoiattons, the
• lass; recltitidn, "Hymn of '76," Melville Cress
tveil; cosing song.
potatoes; Witzell it linker, 100 pounds cod
li^ li and one chees< ; J'acific-streei Net Works,
wash tub and ihree water-buckets; L. Lussy,
two empty b.-irrels; M. Levy, kitchen utensils;
\V. 8. Rny Manufaciuring Company, six large
coffee-pot*; Hinz & I'lajjiman, one case of
Breakfast Delight; George WelbaWersen, one
package o( nails; Osboru <fe Sun. one tog of
nails; J. smim, one chair; Kin;; Furniture
Company, one tube; L. Levin & Son, 2 day
b k?; George H. TV.y <fc Co., stovepipe: J. M.
Quirt, three pieces slieetiron; Indinnanolis
Fumiiure Company, two chairs; b. M. Hem,
cutlery; \V. p. calis'her, on^ oook ; Emi>oriuin,
two b'>oks; Simpson Lumber Coiuimuy, VJOOO
leet of lumber; Haminon, Brood <fc Co, LOO
pounds of inuat; Bay City Market, 100 pounds
of meat; Stone «fc Co.. 100 pounds ol meat;
Pol.cc Judge Joachimsen, $2 50; Benjamin J
Smith, $5; a friend, $1.
A meeting will be held at 1 o'clock this
afternoon at the now headquarters to take
further measures for getting employment
and food.
The committee having in charge the
matter of obtaining work for the unem
ployed are busy procuring rights of way
for the proposed boulevard from the park
to the Ocean View road. As soon as that
is accomplished, subscriptions will be
started. Tiie Sprinc Valley Water Com
pany and ex- Mayor Suiro have promised
their support, upon reasonable conditions.
Ihe surveys have already been made.
TRUSTED A STRANGER.
Gui*ie Arnold A,«;uiltcil by a Man to
Whom She Applied fur Informa
tion.
James O'Connell, a laborer, was arrested
yesterday afternoon by J. T. Harris, a citi
zen, and charged with felonious assault.
The complaining witness is Gussie Arnold,
who resides at lf>6 Tehama street.
About 3 o'clock yesterday afternoon
Miss Arnold started to the Almshouse to
visit a relative, who is an inmate of that
institution. When near the junction of
Seventh avenue and M street she inquired
of O'Connell the road to the A!msiiou->e.
The latter volunteered to direct her and
according to her story, led her through a
ravine, which -he said was the most direct
route.
At a point between Seventh and Eighth
avenues and Land M streets c grasped
her by the throat and a .struggle ensued.
J. T. Harris witnessed the struggle and
placed O'Connell underarrest. O'Connell
made no resistance and Harris marciied
his man to Devisadero street, where he
lu.ned him over to Policeman Foley.
EMINENT i OMAIN.
I'nlk-strrot 1 111 pi ■ v.in.-nt CJnb In
(l'Ti.n L.Kiigff>ril' H Bill.
The Polk-street Improvement Club dis
sents from the Association of Improve
ment Clubs regarding Senator Lanford's
bill relating to the right of eminent do
main, and has notified Senator Langford,
the San Francisco delegation and Assem
blyman Dibble to tuai effect.
The resolution of the club addressed to
Senator Langfnrd read: "The Polk-Mreet
Improvement Club. repreßenting over 200
progressive merchants and propertv
owners, fully indorses your bill on eminent
domain."
A copy ot the resolution will be sent to
the Merchants' Association and all the
improvement clubj of tue City.
Property-Owiifii Piotenting.
Protests are being nume rously signed at the
office of Uavidsou and Leigh, 137 Montgomery
•treet, Dy property-owners against the pro
posed work of laying bituminous pavement,
Kranlte curbs and patent stone sidewalks 011
First Mvenu.: froai Fulton to Jackson «trueis
The expense for this work will be considerably
over $200 ior each -25-toot iot, besiues inci
deuia s. The matter will come up beiore tie
Board of Supervisors ou TuesJay afternoon
next.
Vereln"Eiii trucht's Mugquerade.
The grand prize masquerade ball to be given
by the Veren Eintracht at the Mechanics'
Pavilion to-night promises to be one of the
• vents of the season. Great preparations have
been made to entertain the SDi-ctators, ar J as
the prizes are numerous and cosily & large
attendance is expected.
Children Cry for Pitcher's Castoria.
DID NOT SAY SHE
WAS HIS WIFE
Butler Denies He Made
Such a Remark About
Mrs. Weller.
His Brief Evidence Before the
Commissioner Yes
terday.
Says He Was Bound for England and
Did Mot Wish to Remain
Here.
The fortunate few, comparatively speak
ing, who attended the Asbe extradition
proceedings before Commissioner Hea
cock yesterday were rewarded for their
trouble by \viines>ing more than one epi
sode which might rightly be character
ized as at least interesting if not sensa
tional. Incidentally the defense scored
several technical' triunipiis, though no
serious attempt was maiie io rebut the ac
cumulated nias3 of testimony aeainst the
prisoner. The only new witness called to
the stand yesterday was Ashe himself.who
denied when questioned by Mr. Black
that he had ever stated that the portrait
of Mr 3. Lee Weller found among his effects
was the portrait of lus wife. The several
witnesses who so testified early in the
hearing were at once recalled by the prose
cution in rebuttal and again swore posi
tively that the prisoner actually made
-ucti a statement ana that his testimony
alleging otherwise was false.
As soon as the court convened at 2
o'clock Mr. Black, who seems to be the
head and front of the defense, held alolt
a typewritten document which proved to
be the bill of sale transferring certain of
the pri-oner's effects to Attorney Pidwell.
•I will call Mr. Roche," said Mr. Biacfc.
"You are familiar with the prisoner's
handwriting?" he asked.
"I am," replied the witness.
"You recognize this signature?" indi
cating the name at tne foot of the bill of
sale.
"I do. I believe it to be the signature
of the prisoner."
"1 desire." said Mr. Black, "to offer this
paper in evidence."
Mr. Cormac rose hastily. "We have a
few objections to make, your Honor," he
began. "First we contend that documen
tary evidence is not competent on behalf
of ihe~p; isoner — " •
Mr. Bhtck here interposed to explain
that he introduced the paper for the
reason that these proceedings were based
on a warrant seeking not only the Drison
er's person, but certain personal properly
in his possession. The purpose of this
paper was to 'how the fact tnal although
certain personal property might under the
extradition treaty and at the discretion of
tl.e Government oi the United States be
delivered, yet the rights of tnird parties
must be respected. The document was
not introduced on behalf of the prisoner.
Mr. Corniac, however, further objected
to its introduction on the ground that Mr.
J'lcweli was not a third party in the mean
ing of the treaty; that the bill of sale pur
ported to b- made by Lee Weiler, wnile
the proaei ur.on had proved Lee Weiler to
be dead; that the property was evidence
of crime and that the document was de
signed to defeat the purposes of j stice;
that it was intended to interlere with the
United States Marshal in the fulfillment
of i is duty.
"If such a document could be drawn up
at any time," c mtinued Mr. Cormac, "by
a prisoner after his seizure with such evi
dences ot his crime in his possession it
would be very eusy to defeat the ends oi
justice. TaKe the case of counterfeit coin.
Should the coin found in his possession
be deeded to Fidwell or anybody else it
would l.c a simple matter to secure the
very evidence upon which the prosecution
has to reiy for a conviction. No doubt,
too, Ashe, or Butler, owned the rifle with
which it is alleged Lee Weiler was shot.
If at his trial he could make a deed of gift
of that rifle to somebody el-e he would
thereby do away witn the evidence
against him and make it impossible to
convict.
"We contend that no such transfer of
Droperty after seizure and apprehension
can be made. The rights oi third parties
mentioned in the treaty refer to the origi
nal owner, and not to "the person obtain
ing the articles after apprehension, it
property is taken from a man bis rights,
of couise, must be respected, but after
the prisoner has come into this jurisdic
tion with the property on his person it is
too late to obtain a bill of said and thereby
try to defeat the ends ol justice. We
further object on the ground that the bill
of sale was made to one Mr. Pidwell, and
'.hat he is the prisoner's attorney, and we
insist that any means by which they try
to circumvent an order of yoar Honor's is
contempt of you and of tiie court, and I
Co not think your Honor will consider the
argument for one moment. We also ob
ject on the ground that the property
sought to be obtained by this bill of sale
in the very same property found upon the
prisoner and put in evidence; that more
will be put in evidence, and that it was
testified in both cases that this property
is material evidence, necessary on his
trial, and that under the treaty we are
bound to keep these articles In the pos
*ession of this court."
Mr. Black replied at length to the pre
vious speaker's objections. The prisoner,
he argued, was seized without right and
his property taken away from him with
out any authority, writ, warrant or order.
The prisoner while in thia position saw tit
to m.ike a bill ot -ale. The attorneys for
the delense had formerly been criticized
i>y the prosecuting officer for not attempt
ing to take away this property from tne
cußiody of toe court. The effect of these
ooj etions wai to throw discredit upon
thu prisoner's counsel for doing something
in a legal manner and by the adjudication
of a com p -tent tribunal with a view to
establishing the title to this property, and
not omy doing that but trying 10 estab
lish that right in this court.
No attempt, he assured his Honor, was
being made to remove the property from
the custody of the court. Neither the
grantee of this bill of sale nor any of the
prisoner's counsel had at any time or now
aiU»mpifd to do so. The defense had
merely sought to remove it from the cus
tody of a privat- person, to wit, Barry
Baldwin. Mr. Black further explained
witli much technicality of language that
the defense merely sought to establish the
legality of the transfer to the grantee of
any such right as the prisoner might have
to the property in question. And the de
fense also tendered 10 the United States
Government all such articles as might be
deemed of value to the British Govern
ment in the prosecution of the defendant.
These ar'icles he enumerated as follows:
Songs oi England, pocket encyclopedia,
piece of paper relating to documents and
will of .L*e M. Weiler, photograph of
prisoner, photograph of Mrs. Lee Weiler,
song entitled, "We All Love Jack," to
geiuer with all certificates, discharces,
etc., made out in^theuame of the mur
dered man.
Cornmis-ioner Heacock said that the
rights of the claimant mu*t first be re
spected as fully under the asMjjnmeiit as
if there bad been no such document in
me case, lie apprehended tliat when all
ihe testimony was in there would be very
little property ol value which it would
not be deemed necessary to hold in favor
Ot the prosecution.
"The prisoner will take the stand." said
Mr. Black suddenly, and there was an im
mediate revival of interest among the
spectators.
Mr. Cormac wanted to know the pur
pose of the examination. Was it to be
for general purposes or only with regard
to tins assignment?
"It is our desire," replied Mr. Black,
"to ask him only about three questions,
not concerning the bill of sale. I can
fully explain wbat I want to ask if tne
court desires."
The prisoner being directed to take the
stand rose clumsily and after taking the
customary oath with hand uplifted and
apparent unconcern sat down comfortably
and awaited developments. Deputy Mar
shal Gallagher followed his charge to the
witness-stand and sat down by him.
Mr. Black having obtained the photo
graph referred to as representinc Mrs.
Lee Weller handed it to A-^he and said:
"Prisoner, you beard a previous witness
in tbis case make a statement that you
said to him tnat this picture was the pic
ture of your wife?"
"I did not say go," replied Ashe calmly.
"Was it a fact?"
"It was not."
"Did you ever make such a statement?"
"Never."
"Prisoner, you heard a certain testimony
concerning a white powder found in your
hat?"
"Yes."
"Do you know of any white powder be
ing in your hat prior to your arrest?"
"I do not. I did not put any white
powder there"
"You cume to the port of San Francisco
on the ship Swanhilda?"
"1 did."
"Where were you bound?"
"San Francisco."
"From there, where?"
"Home to England."
"Had you any intention of remaining in
San Francisco or the United States?"
"No."
Then the statement made by the cap
tain of the ship, that you desired to get
off atonce, was that true?"
"I object," cried Mr. Cormac."
"Take the witness."
"Lee Weller is your name?" asked Mr.
Ccrmac
Ihe court, failing to hear the prisoner,
asked, "What name?'
"Lee Weller."
"That," he added hastily, "is the name
I shipped under."
"Is it your name !" asked Mr. Cormac.
"I object," cried Mr. Black. "The ques
tion is immaterial and incompetent."
"How loner,' 1 continued Mr. Cormac
"have you been kDown as Lee Weller?"
"I object," from Mr. Black.
"That is no objection," said Mr. Cormac
sharply. "You must state the point of
your objection."
"The prisoner," replied Mr. Black
promptly, "has been aslced no question
by counsel as to who he was other than
that he was the prisoner, and 1 submit
that an investigation as to what his name
is or has been is wholly immaterial and is
not cross-examination."
The court— l think, perhaps, you are
right. It is certainly not desirable to
open the door to an investigation as to
what hhitrue name was.
"Thatls all," said Mr. Cormac.
The prisoner left the stand and had al
most reached his seat when Mr. Black be
thought him of several additional inter
rogatories.
"Di l yon leave the ship Bwanhild» of
your own free will?"
"Yes," came the nnhesitating reply.
But this didn't suit Mr. Black. "Think
before you answer," he said warningly.
"I was taken off by the police of
course."
Mr Cormac then called Sergeant Bun
ner. Detective Roche, Detective McHattie
and Constable Conroy in rebuttal 01 the
prisoner's testimony, denying that he ever
referred to Mrs. Lee Weller as his wife.
All four were emphatic in reaffirming
that the prisoner had so stated in tueir
presence, and ah four stigmatized his
pretent denial as untrue.
Conroy, Roche and McHattie were again
called by the prosecution to give furtner
evidence in the Lee Weller case ana to
identify the various articles found among
the prisoner's baggage as having belong d
to the murdered man. Mr. Black sub
jected the three witnesses to a very search
ing cross-examination, in which he sought
to obtain a detinue explanation of me
necessity for particular ariicles at the trial
in Australia and the exact grounds upon
which the witnesses based their conclu
sions that such articles originally belonged
to Lee Weller.
Roche went through the ordeal without
flinching, and expressed his conviction
that nearly everything found in the pris
oner's possession was siolon property." He
also informed the court that some of the
articles belonging to Lee Weller were
stolen from their owriT before the date of
the murder, during teller's brief stay at
a Sydney lodging-house. All this testi
mony, however, was subsequently stricken
out by order of the court as entirely ir
relevant to the present issue.
This closed the case on both sides, argu
ment being set for Friday morning next
at 10 o'clock, when Mr. Donohoe will ad
dress the court lor two hours and Mr.
B;ack will follow for a similar length of
time or even longer.
SHOT THROQGH THE HEART.
C. Paulson, a Cabinet-Maker, Take*
His Own Life.
C. Paulson, a cabinet-maker by occupa
tion, 45 years of age, committed suicide
by shooting hims-lf through the heart in
his room at 108 Sixth street some time
yesterday a.'ternoon.
The suicide cail-d at the hou«e in which
he took his life Thursday evening and ap
plied for a room. He told the landlady
that be had been drinking heavily.
Yesterday morning he was heard mov
ing aroond in his room, bat nothing was
thought of the matter and he was not
Oisturbod. Last evening the landlady
knocked, and on receiving no answer
forced the door and di>covered the body.
A revolver and a bullet-hole in the left
breast told the story.
A pawn ticket showing that the dead
man had pledged his watch for $10 Thurs
day was found on the body when it was
searched, but nothing that would throw
any light on the cause of tbe suicide«ouid
be discovered.
On the Oc*»an Beach.
At an early hour yesterday morning Mtis
Lottie Robins, who lives at the Ocean House
two miles south of the Cliff House, discovered
the remains ci a human body on the beach.
It was unrecognisable. It is supposed thst It
was a body that bad been buried a- sea, and
becoming free from the shroud had floated
ashore In the storm.
" Little Prte>« Murder.
When the case of Wing Sing and Chin Poy,
charged with the murder of ''Little Pet^," was
called in Judge Joachimsen's court Thursday
afternoon Atturney Smith mude a motion to
dismiss on various grounds. After Attorney
Kcrral had replied for the prosecution the
Judee reserved his decision till to-day.
KEW TO-DAT.
fimscH <^laiser^
Baecossors to HIRSCH <fc KAU.V
333 Kearny street,
Optical CxQdas 5 Photo Supplies,
WILL REMOVE MARCH Ist
To No. 7 Kearny Street,
Opposite Chronicle Building.
UN EQUALED FACILITIES FOB THE
PKOPEB FITTING OF GLASSES.
Best Equipped Optical Store on the
Pacific Coast. .
NOTARY PUBLIC.
pHAKLKS H. PHILLIPS. ATiOKNKY-AT-
\J Law and -Notary Public, 638 Market st., oppo-
site Palace Hotel. Telephone 570. Residence iUUJ
I'eU aueec Telephone M Pine " Bs»i. 
ATTORNEYS WHO
WOULD NOT OBEY
Counsel for Chinese Gam"
biers Adjudged in
Contempt
They Refused to Bring Forward
Their Client When
Ordered.
The Committed Lawyers Sue Out a
Writ of Habeas Corpus and Will
Fight thi Order.
Another considerable snag was encoun
tered yesterday in tne prosecution of ttie
Chinese rounded up in the recent raid on
the so-called social clubs. The trial of
i'ee Chung for visiting a g3mbling-housa
was to have taken p'aC3 before Jud^e
Joachimseti at 2 o'clock yesterday, but
tiiA aforesaid sna? loomed up with
foßnidable aggressiveness before the pro
ceedings had fairly commenced.
"When the name of the defendant, who
had already pleaded not guilty, was called
Attorneys J. F. Smith and Joseph F.
Coffey answered ready. Behind them sat
a Jong row of stolid-looking Celestials, and
there was nothing in their demeanor to
indicate which was the entciled Yee
Chung, who was about to undergo trial.
Davis Louderback, who has been em
ployed by the Chief of Police as special
prosecutor, objected to this. He de
manded that the defendant be brought to
tne bar. Smith and Coffey objected vio
lently. They declared that the proceed
ing demanded was simply to allow tha
police to see who the defendant was so
they could identify him on the stand as
the man urrestod.
A wordy war ensued between the attor
neys, and Judge Joachimsen finally or
dered '.he deiendant's attorneys to pro
due their man.
"With all due respect to your Honor,"
said Attorney Smith, "we decline to obey
your order," and matters had to come 10
an issue.
Louderhack was equal to the occasion.
He suggested to the court that the attor
neys were clearly in contempt. The
Judge, who looked upon the attorneys' re
fusal to comply with his order as an at
tempt to delay the trial, acquiesced in At
torney Louderback's opinion and held
both the defendants' attorneys to be in
contempt. He lined them each $101) and
committed them to. the custody of the
Sheriff lor twenty-iour hours. The case
was then postponed until Tuesday after
noon.
iSniith and Coffey immediately sued out
a writ of habeas corpus before Judge Sea
weli, returnable before Judge Wallace
Tuesday at 10 o'clock. The attorneys in
tend to light the commitment on the
ground that a compliance with Judge
Joachimsen's order would be giving evi
aence against their c.ient, failure of iden
tification being the chief defense relied
upon.
MRS. MORLOCK EXONERATED.
Judge Coffey Says th« Charge* Against
Hit Are Untrue.
Judge Coffey yesterday rendered a de
cision in favor of Mrs. Mary Morlock, who
was charged with having dealt unfairly
with the estaie of Margaret McGarrity, an
incompetent person.
A number of accusations were lodged
against Mrs. Morlock, and all these were
by the court declared unproved and un
true. After the decision, Mrs. Morlock
tendered her resignation as guardian of
Mrs. McGarrity, and a new guardian will
be appointed by the court.
Mrs. Langtry draws designs' for most of
her costumes.
MR. WM. MYCROFT, 454 Minna street. ;
I "AS STRAIGHT AS A STRING," "A3
**• bright as a dollar," "as strong as an.
ox," is William Mycroft of 454 Minna street.
In the parlance of his trade he "slings the
hammer," and right merrily does the anvil
resound as the sparics sputter and fly and the
great, big beads of honest toil fall dowu and
around and about the cheerful, healthful faco
of William Mycroft. I saw him yesterday.
He stopped for a few moments and told me
what he thought of the great Cnlifornian herb
remedy, JOY'S VEGETABLE SARSAPARILLA
He told me how he had been suffering from
liver trouble, then pains in his buck, how ho
kept awake at night", scratching, scratching—
always scratching; how he took a medicine
with iodide of potash ; how the scr Hi hing be-
came worse; then he use.l the Callfornian
, herb remedy, JOY'S VEGETABLE SaRsaPA-
RILLA He mendea from the first week. Ho '
got better and better; was now well. He said*
j "I am glad I insisted on getting JOY'S VEGE-
( TABLE SARSAPARILLA. You know some
druggists always try 10 make you take just
what you don't want When 1 went in for my
second bottle I had to talk an hour heiore I
got it. You bet. I get JOY'S VEGETABLE :
SARSAPAHILLA when I want a good blood
purifier. See— look at my hands and face
They are not tilled with blood blotches, are
they? Well, they were six weeks ago; that's
before I betran to use JOY'S VEGETABLE
SARSAPARILLA." AS I leit I could hear the
nian beat out on his anvil JOY'S. JOY'S '
JOY'S for the jadfd. '
; O-00000000000-O
AN EXCELLENT
1\ 71*11? A T Properly prepared and
I VI r"\i/"Y I promptly served, can
**'"*■* *-J-^ always be obtained in
; THE GRILL ROOM OF THE
1 Decidedly the T"\ AT A /"""HP*
Most Popular MA I A I H
; Dining Apart- ■*• •* IJL/i A.V— <J— 4
! meat in town. i» w . wl , l^. J .» milli , fnrr|
ooooooooooooo-
ti> "PATENTS! A
V^^22o MARKET ST.S.F^y
Weak Men and Women
! SHOULD USK DAMIAXA BITTEBS THE
1 O great Mexican Remedy: give* . JtieaitL and
BwenKUi to Ui* Sexual Organs. ""
56
CHARLES M. SMORTRIDQE,
Editor and Proprietor.
SUBSCRIPTION RATES -Postage Free:
Paily and Sunday Call, one week, by carrier.. $0.18
Dally and Sunday Calx., otic year, by mall 6.00
Dally and Sunday Cat six months, by mall.. 3.00
tally and Sunday Calx, three months by mall I.M)
Dally and Sunday Call, one month, by mall.. .65
Bunday Call, one year, by mail 1.60
V. hxi.y Call, one year, by mall ••• A -**
BUSINESS OFFICE :
710 Market Street,
£»n Francisco, California.
Telephone Main—
EDITORIAL ROOMS:
617 Clay Street.
THepbOD* M»ln-1874
BRANCH OFFICES i
637 Montgomery street, corner Clayi open «ntU
8:80 o'clock.
8?9 Hayes street; open nntll t:SO o'clock.
618 l.arkin street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
BW. corner sixteenth and Mission streets; open
cntll 9 o'clock.
■..'5lB Mission street: open until 9 o'clock.
167 Ninth street; open until 9 o'clock.
1308 Polk street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
OAKLAND OFPICB:
608 Broadway.
EASTERN OFFICE «
Booms 81 and 83, 34 Park Row, New Tor* City.
DAVID M. FOLTZ, Eastern Manager.
THE CALL SPEAKS FOR ALL, fe
SATURDAY FEBRUARY 20, 1397
THE FAKE AND THE FACT.
— thb FAKE
The Examiner published for several days at the
top of its title page the following fake:
THE EXAMINER PUBLISHED
249,757 Inches
Of Ads During J896.
5964 More
Than were published by any
other San Francisco newspaper.
In the publication of this fake the Examiner
was probably not aware that a careful record was
being kept of the actual amount in Inches of Its
advertising and that in consequence it could be
confronted with the following fact.
THE PACT
THE EXAMINER PUBLISHED
236,528 Inches
Of Ads During J896.
That is one fact and here is an-
other :
THE CALL PUBLISHED
239,551 Inches
Of Ads During J896.
3,023 More
Inches were published in
THE CALL than in the
Examiner during 1896.
It Is to be remembered that daring 1896 the
Examiner published approximately 800 inches of
illegal lottery advertisements, of which Tub Cam.
did not and would not pabilsti one.
The monarch of the falter* has doubtless suc-
ceeded in securing thousands of Inches of adver-
tising during the past year by dupjn; and deceiv-
ing advertisers through false and arrogant asser-
tions of the Character of the foregoing fake. It
would seem, however, from the facts that the
merchants as a rnle have not been misled by Its
iraudulent pretenses.
The Examiner boasts that Its books are open to
Inspection, but we suggest that it luipect Its own
looks before It venture* noon the publication of
another fake.
We congratulate the public on the fact that the
rirosure of this fake led the Examiner to drop It.
In this the Examiner was discreek, and If it Is wise
1: will make no mote such bold attempts to
•iweive the public
"We can still be thankful that we don't
have Eastern weather.
Don't forget that this is the day to leave
orders for The Sunday Call.
The farmers who didn't plow early are
now wishing they hadn't waited.
The Kai«er must be seriously getting
his mad up, for he has quit talking.
The storm was of the "all hail" kind,
but we didn't welcome it with any relish.
Now, as for Senator Kyle of South Da
kota, he was born lucky, and knows how
to pull wires.
There can never be genuine prosperity
in any land that does not afford work for
those who need it.
Once more Gomez has broken through
the troclia, and this time he took a fort on
the way. 'Rah for free Cuba.
Greece claims the championship belt of
the Levant, and, while there are many to
dispute the claim, there are none to get in
the ring.
In the whole course of time as it rolls
on to eternity there will hardly be a bet
ter season than this to begin worJc on the
boulevard.
About the time the Czar finds himself
compelle i to decide whether he will side
•with the Greeks or the Turks he will have
another epileptic fit.
«
We may regret thßt YvetteGnilbert car
ries $40,000 out of the country, but there is
do use kicking about it, for that is the very
game at which she made it.
The Spanish Minister at Washington is
reported to have said that the Cuban
question has died out so far as American
j>ublic opinion is concerned, but San
Francisco will show him otherwise.
The only place where a seriotn attempt
has been made to reunite tne silver and
the gold wings of the Democratic party is
£t. Louis, ana as a result there are now
lour wings of the party flapping about and
a large quantity of tail feathers floating in
tue air.
Henry Watterson asserts that the.
party to which he belongs will still be
afloat on the sea of politics when me
jiryanites will be "working their passage
across hell-for-sartin on a mud scow."
This is picturesque in style, but the
words are far from eolden.
J. A. Porter, who has been selected at
private secretary by McKinley, announces
that his paper, the Hartford Post, will not
be an administration organ, and now his
fellow-citizens are wondering whether he
intends to turn it over to the city as a
hitching- post for the public, or will keep
it as something to tie to in case he gets
turned adrift.
A LIFE WORTH LIVING.
The gathering of men and women of light and learning at the Mark Hopkins
Institute on Thursday evenine to do honor to Dr. and Mrs. Jo>eph Le Conte and to
celebrate with them the occasion of their golden wedding was in many respects a
notable one. It was an evidence that the people of California appraise at their true
value the character and services of a man who, without wealth and without official
station, has done so much to give California honor wherever science, learning and the
nobility of a true manhood are esieetneJ.
It was a happy coincidence that enabled a graduate of the University of Califor
nia, a student in the classrooms of Professor Le Conte, to appear in the assembly
holding the high office of Governor of the State and having the opportunity to an
nounce that he would sign the bill j-ust passed by the L°gtslature providing for the
university the increased appropriation which is necessary for its proper maintenance
&nd growth.
All the circumstances of the occasion were felicitous. The very scene of the
gathering was an emblem of the tribute which wealth pays to culture, for the stately
building erected to be the home of the p-ofuse hospitality oi a millionaire is now de
voled to public education and is a part of that university of whose life Professor Le
Conte has been so large and so influential a part. The scene, the assembly and the
occasion were in harmony, and the fathering will long be remembered by all who
attended it and even by many who know it only from report.
President Kellogg, in presenting to Dr. and Mrs. Le Conte the loving-cup of puie
gold, accurately summed up the nature of the services rendered by the professor in
saying: "This man has been more thau a university professor. He has entered into
the life of this community and has become a name to conjure by. Californians are
proud of his National and trans-Atlantic reputation. His late visit to the Eastern
States and to England has shown us how certain it is that we own a foremost man of
science, a writer of renown, an acknowledged authority in the higher ranges of
thought.''
In responding to the address of President Kellogg and in giving thankg for him
self and noble wife, Dr. Le Conte attributed much of the success he has achieved and
the eminence he has attained to tho influences of California and the university.
'When I came t6 California." he said, "I quickly absorbed the inspiration of a new
civilization. The moment I reached the State I felt the quickening effects of the
forces that were engaued in laying the foundation of a great commonwealth on the
western border of the continent. 1 ' To these influence?, we know, the professor re
sponded deeply and sympathetically, and themtasureof what he has accomplished
serves as a test by which we may estimate what are the dominant influences of Cali
fornia life upon men of true culture and noble aspirations.
Most cheering were the words which the professor spoke of the university. When
he became identified with it it was an institution almost without support and of very
small promise of speedy success. Nevertheless there was in it a potency to inspire
those who loved it, and Professor Le Conte bore witness to that power when in
speaking of his early association with the university he said: "I felt then a quick
ening influence. I felt as I feel now— that it, was founded on more natural principles
than any other. I have watched it grow until it stands in the first rank of the educa
tional institutions of the country."
A life of this nature devoted to noble ends which has been blessed with the satis
faction of seeing all the work in which it has engaged prosper, and all the institu
tions to which it was devoted flourish and increase, has most certainly been a happy
one. Such a lire is well worth the living. It is gratifying to know that the life thus
lived is not ended and that it has been prolonged to see the University of California
enter into a new and more brilliant era of its history by reason of the increased appro
priations made for its work. The golden wedding of Dr. and Mrs. Le Conte promises
to be for them the beginning of a golden era in theirjJives, and it will be the wish of
■11 that it may be long continued in health and capacity for unwearying service of the
kind that has been rendered in the past.
AN ALASKAN EEPRESENIATIVE.
The American population in Alaska has
now become so large and has developed
such business interests in that Territory
as to feel the need of better legislation,
and to obtain that they are now seeking
from Congress the right to eiect a repre
sentative who will look after their inter
ests at Washington. In doing this they
are simply following an impulse natural
to Americans, and deserve to be successiul
in the task.
AH of us would act as the Alaskans are
now doing if we were in the same situa
tion. Wherever any number of Ameri
cana are gathered on a soil under tne
American flag, it is right and proper that
they should feel themselves entitled to
representation at Washington. Every
American Territory should have that
privilege, and even if there were no spe
cial reasons for ernntlne the requests of
the Alaskans it should be done on those
general principles which underlie our po
litical system.
It is not, however, solely upon the gen- I
eral right of Americans to have a repre
sentative at Washington that the Alas- '
kans are basing their requests. They have
reasons peculiar to the condition of j
Alaska which prompt them to the move
ment and add to the justice of their
claims. At the present time the white
population of Alaska numbers about 12.. '
000, and the business interosts are by no \
means inconsiderable. The government
of the Territory, however, is an anomaly
in American law. There is at present no i
such thing as a land law in the Territory, j
and those who go there to make homes ,
and to erect houses have to content them
selves with such titles as they can get
from a squatters' claim.
la various other ways the progress of
the country is hindered by the lack of
favorable legislation. The Territory is re
mote from the seat of the National Gov
ernment, and is easily overlooked by
Representatives who have no local inter
ests in it. As a result it is difficult for the
people of Alaska to obtain from Congress
anything like the attention which the im
portance of the Territory and the Welfare
of its white population demand.
The fact that the white population is
much smaller than is required to elect a
Representative to Congress in other parts
of the United States does not constitute a
valid objection to the claims of the Alas
kans. They are situated differently from
the inhabitants of other parts of the
Union. They are remote from the seat of
Government, and have many difficult
problems to contend with in building up
the vast Territory they occupy. It would
be iff lull accord with the general princi
ples of our Government to give them a
Representative in Congress, and this
should be done at the present session so as
to enable the Alaskan delegate to take his
seat when the next Congress assembles at
its regular session next fall.
It will be remembered that before the
Bradley Martin ball was held it was
everywhere asserted it would cost about
$300,000. Now that it is over, however,
tne New York papers are revising their
estimates, and some o! them declare the
ball itself did not cost more than $50,000,
and the expenditures of the guests made
especially for the occasion did not exceed
$75,000. These sums are high, but they
are not rank.
One of the most important positions
McKinley will have to fill will be that of
Minister to Spain. It will not be so pleas
ant a place as some others, but the right
man will find an opportunity in it to make
a record to be proud of.
The New York Chamber of Commerce is
talking of giving Cleveland a complimen
tary dinner on bis retirement from office,
and as a matter of fact the whole country
wouldn't object to celebrating the occasion
with feasting.
The strange story comes from trfe East
that Brown University is prouder of hav
ing graduated Secretary Olney than of the
captain of her football team. It is possi
ble, however, the story was started as a
joke on Brown.
New Jersey offered the Pennsylvania
Legislature the use o? her State Capitol
until a suitable building can be provided
in Pennsylvania, and tne courtesy deserves
honor, for the New Jersey people wero tak
ing greal risks.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,, SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 20, 1897.
NEW CONDITIONS.
In the memorial presented by a com
mittee of the State Board of Trade to the
Governor the statement is made that
"never before the present time in the his
tory of this State have the inducements to
immigration been so great." The com
mutes pointed out that these new condi
tions are the outcome of the past few
years of financial stringency, and it is
always doubly good news to hear of a
good that has been wrought out by what
seemed a grievous evil, since it help-, us to
work on with the renewed energy born of
the belief that by being watchful ap
parent losses may be made the means of
greater gain.
It is sta'.ed in the memorial that before
the recent hard times tne lands of Califor
nia were held at so exorbitant a price as
to be far beyond the reach of profitable in
vestment, and this false idea of values
greatly retarded the development of the
State. All this is now changed. "Lands
are no longer held at prices that anticipate
development, and out of this grows the
opportunity of renpiner the reward of that
enhancement which will necessarily ensue
upon the more dense settlement of thje
State."
The toppling of former air castles of
Imaginary wealth will clear the ground
for the building of substantial and en
during prosperity. The holding of the
lands with purpose to make fortunes out
of the expected increase in density of pop
ulation was the very thing that defeated
the desire of the holders. Had the prop
erty been put on tne marKet at prices pro
portionate to the demand the funds from
it might have been put into something to
promote active industry and turned over
many times with compounding profit in
stead of playing a barring out game of
seeking to gain wealth by shutting others
from opportunities of using nature's
bounties.
The new condition enforced by hard
times is an object lesson in the policy of
"live and let live." The multiplied In
dustry resulting from the establishment of
many hnppy homes on land that has been
held out of u«e will redound to tenfold
wealth. It would have been so long ago if
the speculative holders had let the work
ers have full opportunity of production.
The old conditions may have been good,
but the new are bettor. All hail to them!
A BRITISH EXPERIENCE.
The New York Prett republisbes from
the Bradford (Eng.) Observer the letter of
a member of a British manufacturing
company defending the action of the
directors in paying dividends out of a
reserve fund, which clearly shows and
honestly states the effects produced in
England by the McKinley tarirf and by
the Wilson tariff.
The point of the letter of interest to
Americans is found in the following pas
sage :
You must admit that we have had to face no
ordinary difficulties, such as would have over
whelmed most concerns. Tha McKinlty bill
gave the finishing blow toSalialre and brought
Munninghain to its knees, and would have
utterly ruined the mucn-boasted trade ol
Bradford had not the Wilson bill come most op.
portunely to its relief. The McKinley bill took
half our trade away, bo that we were obliged
to reduce wages.
This statement, it will be neen. was in
tended simply to set forth the business
conditions of the manufacturing company
whose directors hart been denounced for
using a reserve fund to pay dividends. It
was in no sense intended for political
effect. It refers to American tariff legis
lation only to show how that legislation
affected the business of that particular
company, and the statements are too im
portant to be overlooked by Americans.
The McKinley tariff enabled this coun
try to manufacture its own goods. While
it was in force there was work for our fac
tories, employment for our people and a
home market for our farmers. English
manufacturing companies could not pay
dividends, but every American company
could and did. We would soon have
driven the English out of the American
market. As tne writer of the letter says,
"The McKinley bill gave the finishing
blow to Saltaire ami brought Manning
ham to its knees, and would nave utterly
ruined the much-boasted trade of Brad
ford had not the Wilson bill come most
opportunely to its relief."
With this British evidence before us we
can see how absurd are the charges of the
free-traders that the incoming Congress
may injure the country by re-enacting a
high tariff. The American people do not
propose to legislate for English factories,
but for those of America. We intend to
re-establish here au industrial system
that will give employment to our own
people. The Britisu manufacturer might
a» well look to other lands for a market.
There will never be again in this genera
tion a Wilson bill to come opportunely to
their relief.
i-EKbONAL
A. G. Eamei of Chico is in town.
H. E. Robinson of Gilroy is at the Lick.
P. N. Groat of Salem, Or., is in the City.
T. James of Ashland, Or., is at the Grand.
H. L. Wlnans of Silt Lake is at the Palace.
Dr. Anna Duncan of Salt Lake is at the Russ.
Leslie Cook of Portland arrived here yester
day.
T. J. Field, the banker, of Monterey, is in the
City.
D. C. Demorest of Angela Camp Is a visitor
here.
Fred T. Duhrlug of Sonoma is at the Occi
dental.
George Bothwell of Randsburg is a late ar
rival here.
William G. Uridge of Fresno is here on a
short visit
J. D. Bradley, a business man of Merced, is
in the City.
M. Hagan of Grand Rapids, Mich., is at the
Occidental.
Rev. V. Aguiiera of San LuisObispo Is at the
Cosmopolitan.
Professor Earl Barnes of Stanford University
is at the Grand.
C. de St. Brownell of the Unittd States navy
is at the Grand.
J. A. Thompson of Mill Valley is registered
ai the Occidental.
C. L. Adams is here from his home in Visalia
and is at the Lick.
T. W. Helyer, a business man of Japan,
arrived here yesterday.
R. M. Davidson, a mining and business man
of Butte, is in the City.
President Jordan of Stanford University
arrived here yesterday.
C. W. Shearman, a wealthy resident of Holy
oke, Mass., is at the Palace.
Miss Fannie Rice has returned from South
ern California, and is at the Baldwin.
J. A. Bacon and wife of Fresno are on their
wedding tour. They are at the Cosmopolitau
Hotel.
Mrs. Julia Ryan of Butte, Mont., and Mrs. P.
E. Gaga of Portland, Or., are at the Cosmo
politan.
D. 11. Wolfersberger of the Rockwood Hotel,
Rockwood. Fa., with his wife and ton, is at
the Cosmopolitan.
William H. Skerrelt, secretary to the ad
miral of the United States navy, Vallejo, is
here on a brief stay.
S. G. Poole of Gloucester, Mass., a friend of
Chief Clerk O. Rich of the Grand Hotel, and
owner of extensive fish canneries and agencies
in Gloucester, New York City and Tacoma, is
at the Grand. He is accompanied by his wife
and sou.
A. F. Graefer of Dillon, Mont., owner of ex
tensive gravel mines and of large cattle inter
ests iv his State, is among the arrivals here
and is at the Lick. He has lately been on a
visit to Cy Mulkey, at the Spreckels horse
ranch, Xapa County.
A party of twenty-five persons from various
parts of Pennsylvania and otner States ar
rived here yesterday. They were one of the
Pennsylvania Railroad excursions which are
sent here each winter. They remained for
lunch and then went to Monterey.
Edward Rlchland, formerly of Denver, but
now of Salt Lake, and who owns a large in
terest in a handsomely paying gold mine at
Ouray, Colo., is among the arrivals here. Mr.
Richlaud is on mining business. He has had
a loag experience in different kinds of mining.
CAL.FORNIANS IN NEW YORK
NEW YORK, M. V., Feb. 19.— At the Windsor
— W. B. Anderson; Marlboro— J. A. Leden;
Hoffman— C. B. Carroll, Q. Stone. Mrs. Annie
M. Brown and Miss Annie A. Brown left the
Windsor to sail on tho Kaiser Wllhelm II for
Egypt.
TALKING JN THEIR SLEEP.
'Yon think I'm dead."
The apple tree said,
"Because 1 have never a leaf to show,
Because I stoop
And ray branches droop,
And the dull mosses over me grow I
1! it I'm alive in trunk and shoot;
The buds of next May
I fold away, • -~
But I pity th« withered grass at my root."
'•You think I'm dead."
The quick grass said,
"Because I have parted with stem and blade:
But under the ground
1 urn .safe and sound,
With the snow's thick blanket over me laid.
I'm all a'lve and rea iy to shoot
Should the spring of the year
Come dancing here:
But 1 pity the llower without branch or root."
"You think I am dead,"
A soft voice said,
"Because not a branch or root I own.
I never have died,
. But close I hide '
In a plumy seed the wind has sown.
Patient I wait through the long winter hours;
You will see me «caln —
I shall laugh at you then
Out ot the eyes of a hundred flowers."
Ksith M Thomas, in Mail and Express.
ANSWERS TO CORRESfONLENTS.
An Invention— L. X., City. This department
cannot tell you what would be the value of an
Invention that would increase the speed of
»teaiuboat.« 40 Der cent, reduce the amount of
coal one-thirl and proportionately reduce the
amount ol labor and machinery, "but if you
h»ve such au invention, you have a fortune."
You had better consult some one in the steam
boat business.
Detectives— For information, City. From
the standpoint ol those who make a business
of studying crime, criminals and their
methoJs the American detectives are the su
perior ot those of England for shrewdness and
results. Both countries have good— very
good— individual detectives, but those in the
United States are credited as a class with
being the shrewdest.
Water Mktkk— L. E. 8., City. If yon have a
complaint as to the charges for water made by
the Spring Valley Company call on the Gas
and Water Inspector, whoso office Is In the
City Hall, an-i it becomes his duty under the
ordinances ol the City to have a test made and
determine the justness or unjustness of the
charge, and be Is empowered to have a meter
placed on the premises for the purpose of
ascertaining the quantity of water used by the
consumer.
Watf.rmklons — Concord, Contra Costa
County. Cal. It is probable that the reason
your watermelon crop hat failed is because it
has been attacked by the golnernea or yellow
striped bug which belongs to the beetle fam
ily. It Is said that a thin layer of tow spread
over the melon ptants when they first appear
will save them from the yellow «tr ped bug.
It is also suggested that to out a coop with
hens and chicks in the melon patch will de
stroy the bugs.
Alaska Fishing Cruise— J. S., Bolinas.Marin
County, Cal. If a boy wishes to ship on a fish
ing cruise to Alaska he must watch the ship,
ping news of The Call and when he sees a
vessel announced as going on suoh a cruise he
should mate application to the master of the
vessel. He might make application to gome
shipping-house in San Francisco, with a re
quest that he be notified when there might be
an opening. There is no fixed time for the
sailing of such vessels.
Back to Russia— R., San Jose, Cal. If a native
of Russia or Poland who left his country with
out having performed military duty, even
though he were a minor at the time, should
return to his native country he would be liable
to arrest for desertion and would have to per
form his military service. The fact that after
leaving his native country he h»d become a
citizen of the United States wouid not save
him The motto of that country is a Russian
once, a Russian always.
A Corrkct Phrase— F. W., City. The asser
tion, "My stock is the b-st; my prices low," is
correct. It would also be coirect If the writer
us>ed a period after "beat" and capitalized
"my." The inference to be drawn lrom ihe
assertion is that the individual has on hand a
varied stock of goods, and, of course, it is
natural to suppose that he has a different
price for each class, consequently 'prices low"
applies and in correct. If his stock was wholly
one class of goods, then tie would have to ut,e
"my price is low."
HAS THE EARTH MORE THAN ONE MOON?
Mother Earth in her peregrinations exhibits some of the peculiarities of those of her sons,
who, having looked upon the wine when it is red. may frequently be seen wending home their
tortuous way. The reason lor this erratic conduct on the part oi our sphere is no longer lar to
seek, for science hi.s solved the knotty problem at last, and you will find in to-morrow s t all
a satisfactory solution of the phenomenon which exists, notwithstanding the alleged unin
vaded, steady li.flueuce of our sun and moon upon the earth and their mutual attractions.
John Bonner has contributed a valuable and highly interesting article to The bUNDAY
Call out he discovery of prehistorichumanremainsinEgyptwhich.it has been developed,
are those of a people entirely removed from the Egyptians of the Pharaonic age Doin pnjai
cally and in their customs, civilization, implements and mode of burial.
This peoplo exhibited no traits which would connect them with the negro, and tne dis
covery of their remains leads us further into the complex question of our origin, at the same
time throwing new light on the migratory nations of antiquity.
Besides these special ieatures you will have the chauce to know all about the latest engine
of war, the motor cycle, which iv its peculiar way is more appalling and wonderful than many
POSITION OF INVISIBLE MOON.
of the recent terrors with which science has confronted him "that seeketh the bubble reputa
tion even in the cnnnon's laouth," withal.
There is a story about a wondrous house, to be erected at the Paris Exhibition, now in con
templation, which will be the bauner attraction of that great lair, and beside which the
Coney Js>and elephant would be a freak.
The naturalist at large will a?ain gladden your heart with the sense of coming spring, and
delight your ear with tlio tweet notes of California's woodland songsters.
Nor will Th« Sunday Call be lacking in ocean breezes and thrilling marine adventures,
for Tom Gregory has provided a story of the sea equal to any and surpassing many of the most
popular nautical yarn* from the days of Hawsins or of Drake, though dealing with the
humble guardian angels of the merchantmen— the pilots.
Our literary page is, as ever, the true guide to the reader who desires to have the best
books and wishes to know about the personalities of their makers.
Science, art and fashion devotees are Daid the most studious attention and all their wants
supplied to the best possible advantage in The Sunday Call.
That thing of hca tny and continuous growth, the C. R. C, and the children's page, are
objects of special attention thi< week, patriotic subjects being the principal feature.
Editorial, telegraphic and local matters will be at their usual mark, which is invariably
high and superior in The Sunday Call.
If you don't get The BtwdaT Call, you fail to get the best budget of news, entertain
ment, instruction and genuine hearty humor which San Francisco affords.
Don't fall to place your order for The Sunday Call.
AROUND THE CORRIDORS.
Nelson Bennett, who has cut such a figure in
Puget Sound and in Montana for the last few
years and who has been at the Palace *or the
past few days, hus had a great many persons to
call on him.
Since the real estate excitement died down
in the Northwest hundreds|and thousands of
men who were then active participants in it
have come to California, A considerable
NELSON BENNETT.
[Sketched from life by a "Call" artist.]
number of them came to San Francisco, and
when Bennett reached here, a man so con
spicuous in different enterprises at the period
they were north, it was no wonder be had
many callers. ,
Mr. Bennett is a very successful railroad
contractor, ttnd has made large sums out of
the contracts he lias had in Washington,
Idaho and Montana. He has mined at times
considerably also, his most fortunate property
b^tng a gold mitio in Montana, wnich befcan
to pay pretty fairly time or four years ago.
He has sold out about all his interests there,
however, and is doing some good work on a
large and promising gold property in North
ern California.
Probably no man in the Xorthwest is better
known than he. He is very energetic. Mr.
Bennett left for tho north last night.
NEWSPAPER PLEASANTRY.
"There are a 'great many men looking for
work," said the philanthropist.
"Perhaps," said Senator Sorghum, as he laid
aside a pile of letters. '-But It seems to me
there must be a great many more looking for
positions." — Washington Star.
She had Just promised to be his, but she
still had her doubts upon some points.
"Shall we r>>n away?" he asked.
"1 don't mind," she answered, "provided
you have the price of a round-trip ticket."
He realized then that she was a new woman
who did not beliove in taking any chances.—
Chicago Post.
■'Hear about that American young woman
paying $1,000,000 for a cigarette-holder?"
"Get out ?"
"Fact. I believe It also had a title or some
thing." — Cincinnati Enquirer.
Mrs. Wainwood— l was speaking with Miss
Elder to-day. She says that everybody tells
her that she holds her nge remarkably.
Mrs. Grimm — Yes; the has been 30 for the
last six years, to my knowledge.— Boston
Transcript.
"Do you doubt my statement ?"
"No, sir."
"Well, then?"
"I simpiy don't believe It."— Philadelphia
North American.
He— Wouid you scream if I kissed you?
She— l usually do— lndianapolis Journal.
Sometimes a man gets credit for thoughtful
ness and generosity by bringing his wife home
a box of French candy, and then eats four
fifths v it himself.— Somervilie Journal.
PARAGRAPHS ABOUT PEOPLE.
The great-great-grandchildren of Sir Walter
Scott are seven in number, and four of them
are boys. The eldest, Walter Joseph, is now In
his 21st year.
Princess Louise. Marchioness of Lome, is the
only one of the English princesses who wears
her hair artistically. The others favor too
much height and too much elaboration of
curly fringe, but the Marchioness, who really
grows handsomer and handsomer as she leaves
girlhood behind her, abjures all court hair
dressers.
French 2-cent postal cards, issued for the
Czar's visit to Paris, are now gold for $1 if
they bear the postmark of tht day of the Czar's
arrival.
At Rome City, Ind., a Pittsburg traveling
man became acqualuted with a girl on Mon-
Uay. wired her an offer of marriage on the fol
lowing Wednesday, was accepted by return
dispatch, and the marriage took place on
Thursday.
Prince Bismarck is reported as enjoying the
political commotion he has caused by his rev
elations. To a visitor the other day he said
'l certainly thought that the stone which the
Hamburger Nachrichien threw into the duck
pond would cause a good deal of quacking but
that the noise would be so dreadful is a great
surprise to me." 8
ON FRATERNAL LINES.
Xote. That Will Int. the Members
of the Independent Order of
Odd. Fellow*.
Next Thursday evening Alia, Unity, Pacific
Ophlr. Golden West and Farnsworth lodges of
the Independent Order of Odd Felloes will
under tbe auspices of Pacific and Golden West
lodges, hold a public meeting in Memorial
Hall, in Odd Fellows' building, at wUicn all
members of the subordinates and tbelr gentle
men friends will be welcome. This is to be a
meeting of district 67, of whioh T P
Duley is the deputy. The committee having
charge of the affair has prepared a first-class
programme. Grand Master Warboys will be
present.
Loyal Rebekah Lodge No. 215 will give its
entertainment and dance on Monday evening
next in Memorial Hall, I. O. O. F buildinir
There will be the -presentation of a shadow
pantomime entitled "The Bogus Dime "sev
eral musical numbers and a nshoond. A largo
attendance and a good time Is anticipated,
p. A rS I tSft«nfti Od|re wUI valentine
Grand Master War boys will visit Templar
Lodge on the evening of the 3d of March. P
barker lx>dge at a recent meeting initiated
one candidate in the presence of a large num
ber of visitors and listened to a number 01 in-
C vUi\o'rs *** toth *-P° ln Addresses by
T o ere « wl i 9 *i lßllsß and enthusiastic meeting
of Pacific Lodge on the occasion of the recent
visit ol Grand Master J. W. Warbovs. which
was an official one. He commended tue officers
In higt terms on the performance of their
work ii the initiatory degree.
Apoll) Lcdpe Rt the close of its last meeting,
nt w mci a candidate was initiated, presented a
li'eraryprogramme.in honor of the presence
of the Veterans. Several vtry interesting ad.
dress-es-vrere delivered.
OphirLodge had a largely attended meeting
last weet to wit:. ess the ceremony of a double
initiatioi and the performance of the work,
in which the officers of this lodge take a just
pride. At the close oi the lodge work there was
a cigar snokcr, duritg which a very interest
ing programme was presented.
Last Tuesday MagnUia Lodge had an inltia.
On Wednesday last Farnsworth Lodge re
ceived an official visit/rom the griind master
and initiated one candidate. Grand Secretary
Shaw and Grand Marshal Forbes were presei.i
during the evening.
Grand Secretary Shiw was an interest© i
spectator at the recepton tendered last Thurs
day to Grand Master by Santa Rosa
Lodge at Santa Rosa.
The new rituals for tte Rebekah lodges have
been rect-ived and are teing distributed by the
grand secretary.
In view of the fact thtt the contributions to
the home for the orptans of Odd Fellows
which is to bo bunt ii Gilroy have all come
from the fraternity of Odd Fellows, it has
been decided that bid) will not be received
from any one wno is no. an Odd Fellow. The
specifications will be re.dy during the coming
week, and bidders' blan;swilibe inrnishedou
application to Grand Jecretary Mrs. M. £
Donoho. in the Odd Felbws' building.
Oriental Encampment will work In the pa
triarchal degree this evening.
Last Thursdiy nigiit Wildey Encampment
worked in tho patrianhal and golden rule
degrees, the work being done in a very im
pressive mann«r.
Next Tuesday eveninj Bay City I.oi pe w;i
have a double initiatior, alter which thee
will ue an entertainment and a general good
time.
Progressive -Endowment Guild.
In accordance with the custom of the Pro
gressivo Endowment Guild, tha annual ex
pertlng ot tin books ani accounts has been
held, and the result shows: Assessments ie
cened, $110,147 91; death benefits paid.
$21,042 74; srk benefits advanced, #1907 50;
assets, $172,312 07; value of certificates
issued during the year, $2,501,500. The re
port shows an increase in membership.
At the meetlig of San Francisco ChaDter last
Wednesday tKre was an initiation in the
presence of a Urge membership. One applica
tion presente* was accepted. The following
named will t«e ran in the entertainment, to
be given by tils council iv Golden Gate Hall
on the eventig of the 2J of March: M. T.
Moses, Proiesi.r M. Kolaudcr, Miss Caroline
Schindler, Praessor Cyrus B. Newton, J. C.
Flood, GfcorgaW. Calvert, Miss Ida Haveriey.
The lollowiiu-uamed committee will have
charge of thogetting up of the entertainment
and the ball ThichwlH follow: M. S. Feinberg,
Henry lluftsomidt. Dr. J. P. I.eievre, Johu P.
Ecgert, W. i. Read, Dr. A. T. Derby, J. E.
Munn R. W.HcGarvie, W.H.Thompson aud
J. R. Wear.
A MISSIVE FROM CALIFORNIA.
Washington Post.
The agitatim over saloons at the Capitol
has stirred sane people among the masses of
California. A postal addressed to "Senator H.
M. Teller, thJ White House, Washington,
D. C," was r«ceived by that gentleman yes
terday. Itreuls: "Must Honorable Senator:
As yA are oi the committee for the removing
saloOTis and dens of vice from our Nation's
Capitol we pmy tnatyou will do your best to
remove the Black Plngue from the White
House." Trut was all the postal said. It was
signed by bin one citizen, who did not Rive
his address a the date of writing. The post
mark was iron a California City.
HE S^W Ti:E SPEAKER.
When Representative Washington of Tenn
essee went toSpeaker Reed, writes a Washing
ton correspojient, and asked to be recognized
for the consiieration of a bill for the benefit
of the Melhoist Book Concern of Nsshville he
could get no.baiisfai.tion. Finally Mr. Wash
ington said:
"Mr. bpeakr, what can I tell my constitu
ents to show that I am doing something in
their behalf? 1
The Speakeilooked at the genial Tennessee
member for anoment and drawled: "Joseph,
just tell thenxhat yon saw me."
A YORD CF CHEER.
1: Detroit Journal.
We can beg! to see out of the woods. A few
weak and dis«sed banKs have fallen, but they
were moriburl before the election. The gen
eral outlook I better, and brightens as the
new era appmches. So the word of to-day
should be a ford of cheer. Better days are
near. Conditons are distinctly improving.
Let us all be gtting ready for the better time
coming. Wo save confidence that 1897 will
mark the begining of a long period oi pros
perity, i
Elegant flrtetched boxes given away with
1 lb. Californi Glace Fruits, 50c. Townsend's*
— t * — ♦ — •
Special lniomation daily to manufacturer^,
business bouse and public men by the Fran
Clipping Burau (Allen's), 510 Montgomery. '
— ■ • — * — •
Wife— sue to advertise for Fido in th«
morning newpapers.
Next day da wife read as follows in th«
newspaper: |
"Ten Shilllnrs Reward.— Lost, a mangy lap
dog, with on; eye and no tail. Too fat to
walk. Responds to the name of Fido. Smells
like a m onkV-house. If returned stuffed
thirty shilling reward."— Tlt-Blts.
Kxcursici Kates to Washington.
For the bendt of tbose desiring to witness the
inauguration okhe next President of the United
States the BaJlruore and Ohio Hallrosd will sell
excursion tlckts at. one fare for the round trip
from al point on its lines in Ohio, Indiana and
Illinois. Tlck«s will be sola March 1, 2 and 3,
valid lor retun until March 8. Similar tickets
via B. and O. 1 R. will be sold by all the railroads
throughout thi West. In addition to being the
shortest and lost direct line to Washington the
B. and O. pass* through a region of greater seen I c
magnificence «jd historic interest than any in all
America. Paaeneers also have the option of tray
eiing via Akroiand Pltlsburgor via Bellalre and
Grafton elthergolng or returning. The throngh
trains of the iiaml O. are vestibuled throughout,
equipped witui'ullman sleepers and the dining
car service is usurpaased. Information in detail
will be rheertlly furnished upon application by
la. S. Allen, amatant general passenger agent, &
and O. B. H., Q-and Central statioa, Chicaga
• — ♦ — •
"The Overand limited "—Only Three
and allalf !>»> « to Chicago.
The Vnlon Jaciflc Is the only line running Pull
man double irawlng-room and tourist sleepers
and dlning-cab, ?an Francisco to Chicago dally
without chans. Buffet, smoking and library cars,
Ogdeu to Chic.KO. Tickets and sieeplng-car reser
vations at 1 Jontgomery st. B. W. llHclicoci,
General Agent Pan Francisco.
SUFFERKRS ROM COfdHH, SORK THBOAT, etC,
should be ccistantly supplied with "Jirown't
£ronehial Trdtta." Avoid imitations.
Area's Jlar Vigor is the best preparation
which can be -btained for removing daudruff and
curing humorsot the scalp.
• — * — •
Schoentag, ;he head of the claque at tho
Vienna Open-house, where Hans Eichter is
conductor, rejently profited by a benefit per*
formance on the occasion of his completinc
twenty-five jears of service. He i 9 the in
ventdr of thebravo a catena, a chain of braves
starting in oib corner and taken up in differ
ent parts of tie house.
_^ JfEW TO-DATJ
POWDER
Absolutely Pure.
Celebrated 4r in treat leaveutag strength a
hralthrulness. Assures the food against alum a
all forms of adulteration common to the cha
brand • ■ n - -
liwVAt £AK^lvi POWSKS CO,, >ie»V YoU,
it ■ i —f
■?.VTCKDA\ FKBKUAKY 20, 1897
AMUSEMENTS.
•• Baldwin Theater —"Julius Caesar."
■ 'California Theater — ••Cinderella."
Columbia Theater -••Chlmmle Faddenv"
• M obosco s opkba-Hocse. — • Out in the Streets"
. 'Ai.ca7.ak Theater, -a scrap of Paper."
Tivoi.i Opera HorsK.— "Aladdin; or, The
Wonderful Lamp
• - Orphevm.- High-Class Vaudeville.
Mfch'anics' Pavilion— Verein Eiutracht Mas-
querade Ball.
Sutko Baths- Bathing and rerformances.
THE Chc-trs and Skatixo Kink— Daily at
liaight street, one block e*st of the Park.
• i*.KLA>.'i> Hack Track.— Race* to-day.
AUCTION !-ALfcS.
c I v Vox Rhein * Co.— Thursday, February 25,
BeaJ Estate, at fcaiesroom, 613 California street,
•at 12 o'clock.
By .Madison <fc Burke— Wednesday. February
24, /Seal Kstate, at Salesroom, 626 Market street,
• at 12 o'clock.
CITY NEWS IN BRIEF.
. Sausalito is to have a regular daily mail
delivery.
Rain again for to-day Is promised by the
Wjeather Bureau.
■ Emmanuel Meyer, the groceryman who as-
Signed, may resume busintfv.
' . Fred Whitney, formerly of this City, has
found a rich mine in British Columbia.
The cabin passengers on the steamer China
will have to remain in quarantine for a week.
" Jeosie Crall has In'tn -ranted a divorce from
Beth Oral on the ground of extreme cruelty.
' The estate of the late Pr. Washington M.
V.vir has beca ordered attributed by Judge
Black.
" Mrs. Grace Hamilton's suit for divorce on
the and of cruelty is being tried by Judge
. EeaweU.
j. !'he unemployed cooked their own supper In
3 ■ ■ new quarters on Howard street last
I .Veiling.
•Michßel right has been convicted of grand
larceny. Judge Dunne will pass sentence on
the -7th iast.
• ■ Judge Coffey gives it as his opinion that too
many carriages are often hired lor the funerals
of i>oor peup.e.
Boreas. Perseus, Arrezzo, Basquil, Summer
' time and Walter J were the winners at Oak
. land yesterday.
"C. Paulson, a cabinet-maker, committed
suicide by shoo himself through the heart
yesterday aiternoon.
' •. Judge Hebbar^ has declined to adjudge Mrs. '
.Nellie Williams insane. He will give her an
"other ciiance to behave.
•* The Iroquois Club last evening determined
•to. nominate Mrs Popper for the office of grand
'i-ache.m of tne organization.
,' .The Pacific Athletic Association at its regu
lar meeting last night decided to hold a grand
, -boxing tournanieut in April.
"M . L. G. Kaufman of Juneau Is here to secure
support in a movement to get better Congres
. 't-ional recognition for Alaska.
"Pan J. McDonald, a bookkeeper residing at
5 Olive avenue, has been missing from his
■home since Taursday morning.
: Mayor Phelan wrote a letter to the Cuban
. committee yesterday expressing bis sympathy
with the purposes 01 the league.
. The Supreme Court has awarded Charles A.
I-ee tie sum of jfcSOOO damages against the
. touthern Pacific Railroad Company
Hugh McDonnell returned from Randsburg
yesterday. He says tne ore is much richer and
■more plentiful than he had supposed.
Fanny Rice's little girl, who was the mascot
'of the lutnous ail-star cast of "The Rivals,"
' arrived here yesterday with her mother.
■■ Judges Beawell, Hunt and Slack yesterday
Bit in bonk 10 hear argument in the charges
lor. the disbarment of C. M.Jennings, an at
torjie/.
.James O'Connell was arrested yesterday
■ afternoon by J. T. Harris, a citizen, while in
tne act of committing an assault upon Gussie
Arnold.
' Mrs. Nancy A. Abbott has lost her suit to be
declared the wife of Thomas 1L Quackenbush
and to to awarded £500 a month permanent
support.
• Calvin Somers has been arrested for exhibit
ing, a deadly weapon in a threatening manner
to- Joseph F. Nolan, his wife and Albert
•.Wieland.
Over 000 tons of coal now on vessels in
the bay will not be assessed next month. The
owners will not dock the vessels until alter
Marcn next.
Contending property-owners on Dupont
• street resort to force over three feet of land.
The law finally quiets the belligerents ana re
btores order.
A new way of petting rid of an objectionable
tenant— by removing the doors and windows
■ Of the house — has been successfully tried on
: Natoma street.
Clan Fraser of the Order of Scottish Clans
gave a pleasant entertainment and dance last
evening in Scottish Hail in honor of Washing
ton 1 * birthday.
■ Thomas Conwell has been convicted of burg
lary ia the second degree by a jury in Judge
Wallace's court ana recommended to tne
mercy of the court.
■'. Thc-alleged murderer, Butler, gave evidence
yesterday in which he denied that he ever
. stated that the photograph of Mrs. Lee Weller
was that of his wife.
, J. F. Fugazl has telegraphed President
Cleveland and requested him to oppose the
••' proposed law to exclude Italian and other im
-1 uUgrauts because of illiteracy.
Chung Yeung Hue, a nephew of Little Pete,
Is thought to be on the quarantined steamer
China: It is said that he is look it for venge
ance on his uncle's inurdeiera.
. .'. Mrs. Mary Morlock, who was charged with
. rieftllng unfairly with the estate or Margaret
.• McGarrity, an incompetent person, was ex
amined by Judge Coffey yesterday.
Resolutions denouncing the Examiner for
its attitude on the Bmunhart bill and inci
dentally for general misconduct toward labor,
were passed by 5000 carmen last night. • ;
The Grand Jury is convinced there was a
cousLiracy to deiraud the City in the matter
•of the city and County Hospital repair*, but
la uncertain whether tuere is law to cover the
case.
Three hundred Greeks have decided to leave
for Crete in two or three weeks. They will be
■ re-enforced at all the large cities en route, and
• expect to number 3000 by the time they reach
New York.
The Judiciary Committee of the Supervisors
.• yesterday failed to approve bills for jurors'
uienls, sent in by Judge Cook, and passed
• J^em-plong to the Finance Committee for con
-1 iteration. to the Finance Committee for con
on.
■ 1 Ex-Judge D. J. Murphy has been retained to
ceiend Frank Marty, the milkman, who was
indicted for attempting to bribe Supervisor
: Washington Dodge. The case will be tried in
Judge Wallace's court next week.
Judge Wallace has sentenced Herman Bes
terfair to serve two years in the State prison
■ • at Folsora lor assault with a deadly weapon.
"Martin Boyle, convicted of manslaughter, was
sentenced to Fo.hom for lour years.
Arrangements have been completed by the
Y. M. I. lor a very successful Celebration of
Washington* birthday, with exercises at
Metropolitan Temple in the afternoon and a
• balJ at Mechanics' Pavilion in the evening.
N. H. Jacks, general secretary of the Oakland
■ Young Men's Christian Association, will ad
dress the meeting lor men only, at the associa
tion hull, Mason and Ellis streets, to-morrow
afternoon at 3 o'clock. His subject will be,
••Boes It Pay to Be a Christian?"
At the regular meeting held by the Building
Trades Council Thursday evening it was
unanimously resolved that the action taken
by the marble cutters and polishers regarding
j the improper and unworkmanlike work being
clone on tne new City Hall dome be indorsed.
JENNINGS' DISBAKMENT.
Judge* Spa-well, Slack and Hunt Heard
Argument in the <-a»e Yesterday.
Judges Seawell, Slack and Hunt sat in
bunk yesterday for the purpose of hearing
argument in the proceedings for the dis
barment of C. M. Jennings, an attorney
at-law.
. Jennines is accused by Byron Waters of
ciiiidesiinely securing the secrets of the
j:."iin department of the Southern Pacific
■ lailway Company, conspiring with and
'wbribfsc James 11. Allison, a clerk em
, ployed by the corporation.
The case was assignee: to Judge Seawell 's
department of tne Superior Court and he
invited Judges Hunt and Slack to sit with
him.
Jennings interposed a demurrer and ap
peared in court yesterday accompanied
by his attorneys, Henly, Bigelow <fe C<-s
--tello. An argument in support of the de
murrer was made by Ex-Judge Bigelow,
after which further argument was con
tinued until the 27th inst.
WAS THE MASCOT
OF "THE RIVALS"
Her Birthday Was Remem
bared With Precious
Stones.
The Baby Who Brought Good
Luck to the Famous All-Star
Company.
Fanny Rice's Little Djughter Loaded
With Oifts From the Members of
the Memorable Cast.
Fanny Rice has come to town, and this
time her three-year-old daughter is with
her. This little girl is quite a famous per
sonage, who calls Joe Jefferson "Uncle
Doe," and is familiar with all the grent
"actor tolks," as a great many people
would Rive their eyes to De. For little
LITTLE EDITH MUNDAY PURDY, the Mascot of * The Rivals " Company, in the Arms
of Joe Jefferson, the Veteran Actor.
Edith Munday Purdy was the mascot of
the "all-star cast" of "Tie Rivals," of
which her charming mother was a princi
pal. Contrary to the usual result with a
child who has traveled about aud been so
much made of, she is a modest, unassum
ing baby, who has a large family of dolls
to attend to, and the grave responsibility
of bringing them all up in the way they
should go quite upsets her.
L.ke her mother, stie is a jolly little
body, and when you have made friends
witn her she can entertain you by the
hour with what she calis ''olaying lady."
In other words, :-he stands up ou a chair,
and aiter Lowing once or twice, smilingly
recites "yards and yards" of "Al other
fioose" iv a moat mixed up way. It seems
that having once had her horoscope cast,
and the decision having been in favor of
a literary career, she has co.'nmonced
upon it already by linding flaws in the
construction of the ole" childhood stand
bys, insisting, for instance, that:
UUlc Miss MnftVt sa: on a luffel
1. ting a Cliiistmas pie:
she put in her th'imo
And pulled out a puim
And said, "I'm a good girl, ain't I?"
She is an affectionate little creature,
wbo loves her mamma, papa and her
nurse, "Caffie," almost to distraction,
and it might be added without deviating
from the truth at ail that her affection is
as strongly returned. Her soft baby curls
have beeii cutoff. "Incle Dee had that
done 'cause it made my head too hot,"
she said when questioned atout it. Then,
climbing into laffie'i lap, she demanded
a look at her watch, and after hearing it
tick away announced with a aiph, "I guess
it's time for Eddie 10 go to seep."
On her last birthday she was traveling
with "The Rivals," and alter the matinee
a birthday dinner was given tn her honor.
The special cur was decorated beautifully
with ribbons and .cads of flowers and
presents galore poured in to celebrate the
day.
Joseph Jefferson gave the child a gold
necklace with a diamond pendant; Nat
Goodwin, a set of baby pins, pearls and
diamonds; Francis Wilson, a beautifully
bound boot oi child lore; the Holland
brothers, a whole farmyard of mechanical
toys; William Crane, a life-sized talking
doll; Mrs. John Drew, jeweled box of
candy and a turquoise ring; Mr. and
Mrs. Tabor, a bracelet of emeralds and
diamonds; Mr. Jefferson's sons, Tommy
and Charles, a birthday cuke and a large
imported music-box.
"Glad to get back, here? Oh, my, yes,"
said Mrs. Purdy. "You know we've
always played here round the holidays,
and this year we missed it some way,
and, oh, you don't Know how awfully
lonely it seemed way in Ohio.- Something
seemed wrong. I always look forward to
my time in 'Frisco,' and I know 1 shall
enjoy my stay here."
FUNERAL CARRIAGES.
Judge Coffey Say* Teo Much Expense
Is Incurred for Free
Bides.
"I think six carriages at a funeral like
that are too many," said Judgo Coffey in
objecting to an item in the undertaker's
bill againit tne estate of the late Mrs.
Frances Julia Pracy. Her estate is esti
mated to be worth $(Jt>o.
The attorney suggested that a similar
number o! carriage-* bad been supplied for
the funeral of Mrs. Pracy's nusband, Geo.
T. Pracy, wno died a short time before she
departed to the other world.
"That is no criterion," responded the
court. "I do not wi*h to incur the enmfty
of the hackmeu, but I really think that
six carriages are too many to charge
against an estate of this kind. I under
stand that some of the undertakers have
already expressed disapproval df my views
in regard to expensive funerals. Of
course, I'm sorry, but differences of opin.
SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 20, 1897.
ion are liable to occur. As a matter of
fact I don't believe in Dip funerals, though
some funerals would probably benefit the
cornmuniiy."
'■Shall we cut the allowance of carriages
to four?" asked the lawyer.
'Four might be nearer right," replied
the court, "but I cannot approve this
claim until I hear more of t lie matter.
The ottier day ttiere was a charge for fif
teen funeral carriages against an estate,
and finally it via* develooeJ that the de
ceased had no family. It seemed to be a
case of some people who 'wait for the
wagon and all take a ridt\' "
EL DOEADO'S ANNIVERSARY.
| A Parlor of the Native Sons Observes the
Twelfth Year of Organization.
The fact that It was 9torroy and dis
i agreeable during the early, part of last
! evening did not prevent the many friends,
of El Dorado Parlor, Native Sons of the
Golden West, from attending in large
numbers in Native Sons' Hall to take part
in the twelfth anniversary entertainment
arranged by the parlor.
There wa.s a great deal of taste dis
! played in the decoration, particularly the
' *tace. The outer edce was fringed with
! living plants and shrubs, and irotn be
tween them were shown the letters, X. S.
(i. W. In the background was stretched
across a large American ii.is, and after the
grand march, led by C. C. Gunther and
[ Miss Charlotte Kompf, had been started
, the flan was raised from the lower center
I until it formed graceful folds and expo-ed
another background of cerulean blue,
studded with gold stars and illumined
with numerous ii.iy incandescent liehts.
It wa-* a novel effect and much admired.
■ There were many handsome ladies rich y
attired and gallant Native Fons, who to
the sounds of excellent music partici
pated in the dances on the programme.
The affair -was very select and mnch en
joyed by all the participant".
AN OLDE-TYME EEOEPTION
To Be Held At Howard < liurch Wagh-
lngton'B Birthday*
An original entertainment will be eiven
on Washington's Birthday in accordance
with the foliowinc quaint invitation:
General aii-I L»ay \\ a-hiiiKton »U1 hold a
gratide reception at ye How"rd Presbyterian
meeting-house, corner oi Oak ana Baker
streets, on ye 'JIM of February, in the year of
our Lord, 1807. Ye sruests will be entertained
with tea and an o.d folks' cMicerie. Ye doors
will bo open at ear:y candle light, and ye con
certe will begin at S oi jr« <lock.
Receiving Hospital Will Not Close.
The City Receiving Hospital will not be
closed for lack of surgical iistruments. The
needed instruments will be rap pi led by
Samuel Waller by Monday, and & somewhat
singular episode will then Cli
A NOTABLE ARMY ENGAGEMENT.
An interesting engagement to announce i= that of Miss Minnie Burton, daughter
of Colonel Burton, Inspector-General of the Department of California, and Lieutenant
Thomas Pierce, at present stationed at Fort Logan, Colorado.
Miss Burton is a belle in local society, and alto well and popularly known in
Washington, D. C, where toe made her debut three seasons ago.
Lieutenant Pierce graduated from West Point in '95, and has lince been stationed
at Fort Lognn.
The wedding of this fortunate young couple will probably be celebrated early in
June.
ALL MUST REMAIN
IN QUARANTINE
The Cabin Passengers en
the Steamer China
Held.
Will Have to Tpend the Next
Seven Days on Angel
Island.
Cral Ships Kept in the Stream to
Avoid the N zt Annual
Assessment.
The Pacific Mail Steamship Company's
China is still in quarantine. The case of
varioloid reported to the quarantine of
ficers has proved to be more dangerous
than was first thought possible, and now
everybody will have to remain in quaran
tine until at least the 25th inst. Should
all go well the cnbin passengers may be
released on that dnte, bnt in any event the
month of March will be well born before
the steerage pnsscngers are allowed to
leave the station.
In the meantime the soldiers on Angel
Island will have something to do. A reg
ular guard will patTOl the hill over Quar
antine Cove night and day, and not a soul
will be allowed to leave the station except
in the quarantine boat. The cabin pas
sengers will be allowed the freedom of the
place, but those in the steerage will have
to conline their peregrinations to the reg
ular quarters. Those in the cabin of the
China are:
R. Christie, Mr. and Mr.«. C. B. Fernald, Mrs.
L. N. Husted, A. M. Hurter, Mrs. W. C. Ilixon
and child, Mrs. T. R. Jernigan and two chil
dren. Mr. and Mrs. C 0. Hower, H. Ikuta, M.
K. Jefferd, T. I>. Jackson, U. W. Middleton, C.
K. Mtndhatn, K. Okazaki. A. Pe'er»on, R. H.
ivnival, R. Schmidt. A. J. de da Sowza,
K. .-(haulier. K. Takata. 11. h. Thayer, J. A.
Thotnns, Mr. and Mr-. O. «'. Thacher, G. Ja
rtare, Joseph Mu*z!er, S. Yamanouchl.
The uteainer will be fumigated and the
the Sausaiito and Tiburon ferry-boats
when day broke yesterday morning. The
schooner was lowed away up the bay, but
the captain of the Eversham Abbey waited
for the fbra of tuts tide and then, hoisting
bis anchor, ai lowed his vessel to drift
back to her oricinai anchorage. "We live
and learn," said an American skipper.
"Ninety-nine men out pi a hundred would
have taken a tugboat and got out of
danger, but the Britisher got good hold
ing ground and he made the tile take
him back to the place it took him from."
Over 12,000 tons cf coal are in the bay
awaiting an owner. Should the vesseis
dock and the cargoes be sold before the l*t
of next March, tnen the purchasers will
have to pay an assessment on it. This
would mean a percentage on at least $50,
--000 worth of goods, and the consignees
mean to avoid it if possible. Tne Swan
hilda, with b3OO ions aboard, docked yes
terday, but the chances are that noi a ton
will be taken out of her until her lay days
are up. The Bracadale has 2963 tons, the
Flintshire 1800 tonn and the Olivebank
4260, and not an ounce of the black dia
monds will have an owner until the iocal
authorities have made their assessments.
The battleship Oreeon changed her an
chorage yesterday. From Sau^aliio she
moved up to a safer position off Folsom
street wharf ana shortly afterward the
men were given liberty. Just how long
the war vessel will remain In port no one
seems to know, but just the same the fire
is kept going under the boiiers and steam
can be got up at a moment's notice.
The schooners Vine and Aida are still
keeping the water front guessing. The
former sailed from Corinto on September
12 last and should have been here long
ago, while the Aida is now outeighty days
from Shanghai for Port Townsend. The
chances are that unusually heavy weather
has been encountered and the subsequent
calnia that always follow in the tropics
have delayed both vessels and they may
arrive at their destination any day.
Yesterday's storm caused a great deal
of trouble on the bay. fhe ferry- boats
were all late and the river boats got the
whole of the heavy swell. The Monticelio
rolled. over until the passengers thought
she was going down and the Sunol and
Herald were both swept by the v. ayes that
broke aboard.
The new steamer Helene did not get
away from Pacitic-slreet wharf yesterday.
She has a very big cargo aboard, among
which is twenty-live mules and ten horses,
all of which are intended for the planta
tions on Ouhu. Captain Beckley is n<ore
than anxious to get away on the home
ward journey and expects to make the
trip in ten duys or less.
H. Johnson, head stevedore for the
Piper- Aden-Goiiall Company, has recov
eered from a severe attack of illness. He
was in the German Hospital for weeks,
but is now able to be out and about again,
and Al Pryor, the genial business man
ager of the concern, is more than pleased
in consequence.
The steam schooner Cleone got in from
Crescent City yesterday in one of the
squalls that swept ihe bay. Where she
went the Merchants' Exchange could not
find out, but the chances are that she is
at her dock in Mission Creek. The cap
tain reports that near Crescent City there
was a water-logged schooner (supposed to
be the Lottie Carson) adrift. The masts
had gone by the board, and po living soul
was on the vessel. Whether any lives
bad been lost or not could not be ascer
tained. Tne Lottie Carson was lumber
ladcn, and on her way to San Francisco.
MEYER MAY GET TIME.
The Groceryman's Assets Are
About Equal to His Lia
bilities.
A Committee of Creditors Now Work
ing on the Books ani Taking
Account of Stock.
The assignment of Emmanuel Meyer,
the wholesale anil retail grocery dealer,
w o for several years has conducted a
business in this City under the name of
Emmanuel Meyer <fc Co., was the occasion
of much comment, as he was commonly
reported to be doing a large business.
As a matter of fact he was, but he
carried a large amount on his books that
could not be collected on short notice and
a sudden call lor a large amount of money
caused bim to call hi? creditors together
and turn his assets over to them. A
strone factor in the matter is the fact that
a number of small dealers who were in
debted to Meyer have failed and their ac
counts are as good as lost,
A committee consisting of Daniel
Meyer, A. Vienier, J. H. Wheeler and J.
Caffaly is now at work on the Ftock and
books and will render a report at a meet
ing of the creditors which will be held on
Wednesday next.
Thus far the investigations of the com
mittee have been satisfactory, as the
stock has been found to be large and in
good condition, and many of the accounts
that were nt tiru thought to ba doubtful
will be realized on. The assets übout
eq-:al the liabilities.
Mr. Meyer is said to have the confidence
of the majority of the creditors, and it is
within the range of possibility that the
business will be resumed as sopn as tbe
affairs of the house are straightened out.
A. Ruef, the auorney for Mr. Meyer, 0:1
whose advice the assignment was made,
said yesterday that lie had no doubt but
that all would be satisfactorily arranged
and that business would go on.
THE LABOR 00UN0IL
Words of Encouragement Received From
California's Kepresentativet.
Secretary Rosenberg of the San Fran
cisco Labor Council is in receipt of a stack
of letters from California Representatives
in Washington pledging their support to
laws and resolutions beneficial to the
cause of labor. Among them particular
emphasis is placed on the proposed bill
now before the Senate committee abolish
ing imprisonment lor deep-waler sea
men for a breach of their contract when
made with ship-owners.
There have h"cn no concessions made as
yet between M. A. Gunat and the Cigar
inakers' Union. Alarneda County Feder
ation has promised to aid the San Fran
ci«fo Council in tiiis fi^ht.
The Musicians' Union is displeased with
tlic proprietor of ihe IVople's Palace for
his failure to pay the band men who had
been employed at that place, and as a con.
sequence they have quit the job.
NEW TO-SAT.'
The healthy slave is happier and
gets more comfort out of life than
the king who suffers from a dis-
eased body. One-fourth of the in-
habitants of the U. S. have diseased
hearts. Are you aware that —
Dr. Miles'
New Heart Cure
Restores Health?
And that it is sold by all druggists
under positive guarantee that if
first bottle fails to benefit money
will be refunded. Book on Heart
and Nerves sent free, postpaid.
Dr. Miles Medical Co.,
ELKHART, IIND.
Stop suffering! Try Dr. Miles' Pain Pills.
EXPERTS' OPINION
OF LITTLE VALUE
Ames and Carvalho Ruled
Against in the Abbott
Case.
A Decision by Judge Seawell
That Will Figure in Fair
Matters
Both Sides Confident of Victory in the
C)oney Perjury Case This
Morning.
The attorneys for Mrs. Craven in her
suit against the Fair estate on the pencil
deeds have found a peg on which to hang
a good deal of law in the decision of Judge
Seawell in the suit brought by Mrs. Nancy
A. Abbott to have herself declared the
wife of Capitalist Thomas M. Quacken
bush.
Airs. Abbott, in part, based her claim
upon a marriage contract, and although
the decision of the court was in favor of
the aged capitalist, it has a peculiar bear
ing on the pencil-deeds litigation, inas
much as Judge Seawell decided that the
testimony of experts that tfce marriage
contract had been forged was of no value.
It happens that the experts employed by
Quackenbush's attorneys were Ames and
Carvalho of New York, who were brought
here at a cost of $200 a day to examine the
pencil deeds under the microscope and
give an opinion on their genuineness. The
marriage contract under which Mrs. Ab
bott claimed to be Quuckenbush's wife
bears date of November 15, 1088.
At the time of the arrival of the famous
New York experts this document was sub
mitted to them by Attorney E. J. Pringle
lor examination. Ames and Carvalho
submitted the writing to the microscope,
and alterward made a chemical examina
tion of the ink and the paper. Their
opinion, which was rendered after their
return to New YorK in the way of a deposi
ition taken before a notary in QuacKen
bush's behalf, was that there had been
erasures and changes by the use of chem
icals in the handwriting in the document.
The paper, so tbe experts declared, had
been robbed by similar means of its
"mill" or finish in order to account for
the blurred appparnnce of the ink in many
of the letters. For Mrs. Abbott a member
of the firm of fc>. P. Taylor & Co. was put
on the stand to say that as the paper was
of a poor quality of book, it would have
been impossible to remove the "mill"
without destroying the fabric altogether.
This same witness also testified that Ink
on this brand of paper is sure to blur and
run.
Judge Seawell, while refusing Mrs. Ab
bott's claim on tbe ground that there had
been "no such assump'ion of the rights,
obligations and duties of husband and
wife as the statute requires" between her
self and QuacKenbusn, says that he be
lieved the marriage contract was signed
by the capitalist and that there were no
chemical erasures on it of previous writ
ing, as were declared to exist by Ames
and Carvalho. \
Judge Seawell's decision on this point is
likely to li-ve an important bearing in
Mrs. Craven's suit. Ames and Carvalho,
in addition to declaring the pencil deeds
forgeries, have sad that there are evi
dences in them of frequent chemical
erasures and retouching. The case of the
Fair administrators in a great measure
rests upon the opinion of these experts on
the documents.
The fate of James J. Cooney will be de
cided at 10 o'clock this morning, when
Magistrate Carroll Cook has promised to
render a decision in the lamous perjury
charge. The Fair people are confident
that the young notary will be held for
trial for the reason, they urge, that as a
committing magistrate Judge Cook is not
required to decide upon the guilt or inno
cence of Cooney, but simply if there was
probable cause for belitvine that he is
guilty of perjury. The notary's attorneys,
on the other hand, are equally confident
that tbe young man will be acquitted on
the same grounds.
.Famous Experts Arrive.
Among the arrivals here last night from
New York over the Central Pacific Rail
road were David U. Corvalho and Daniel
T. Ames, the widely known experts in
handwriting. They have been connected
with some of the most famous cases in the
country. In one of which— the celebrated
Morey letter forgery case — it is pointed
out that after they had testified to its gen
uineness it was proved to be otherwise.
The gentlemen came through the snow
all the way from Jules burg to Coif ax, so
JTETT TODAT.'
There are five flavors c$
Schilling Best tea — as dif-
ferent from one another as
peaches, apples, pears,
plums, and grapes.
Try every one, and get
your money back on what
you don't like.
The tea and the money
are at grocers'.
A Schilling & Company
San Francisco 641
NEW TO-D AT— AMUSEMENTS.'
MECHANICS' PAVILION.
THE EVENT OF THE SEASON.
PRIZE MASQUERADE BALL!
YEREIN EINTRACBT.
Saturday, February 20, 1897.
350 Costumed People Id Grand March. Five
Beautiful 'I ab vaux Five Divisions. Twenty-five
Lady Amazons. round and Ladder Pyramids by
24 -Athletes. Grand blectric Calcium Light
Effects. Prizes to the value of $500 will be dis
tributed. liecep:lon Concert from Bto 9 p. m.
ADMISSION. ONE DOLLAR.
Reserved Seats 50c extra.
GOLDSTEIN <fc CO UK, 822 .Market street.
THE CHUTES.
THIS AFTEUNOON AND EVENING.
BUSCH. the (iolilpn Vampire, BRKSINO, Wire
Walker, and JOHNSON AND LUND IX. the
strongest Men on Lurch.
A Host of Attractions on the Open-Air
Stage. •--
THE ANIMATOSCOPK AT NIGHT.
Fireworks Washington's Birthday!
ADMISSION 100 CHILDKEN 5c
SUTRO BATHS. '
FINE PROGRAMME.
Grand Concert Every Sunday Afternoon.
General Admission, 10c; Children, sc.
KEW TO-DAT.
| Blood Pure? li
<ft Is it? Then take Ayer's Sar- >
( » saparilla and keep it so. Isn't \
<!] it? Then take Ayer's Sarsa- $>
]» parilla and make it so. One ( }\
V fact is positively established '
<[> and that is that Ayer's Sarsa- [
<„ parilla will purify the blood »'
more perfectly, more economi- '
) cally aud more speedily than '
J any other remedy in the mar- 5i
) ket. There are fifty years of (!|
| cures behind this statement ; a jj i
> record no other remedy can ('|
| show. You waste time and i>
I money when you take anything (< [
, to purify the blood except I >
| Ayer's Sarsaparilla. ||
they recounted, and on the summit of the
Sierras the snow was three feet deep and
vet coming down hard.
The experts have come to testify in re
gard to the deeds for the Craven proper
tie?, one of which properties is on Mission
street and the other on Pine and Sansome.
"The case is set 'or February 23, " said
Mr. Carvalho, "and we are here on behalf
of the executors, Angus and other?,
against Nettie R. Craven. These deeds
give the property to Mrs. Craven, and this
suit is to quiet the title.
"Of course I do not feel at liberty to go
into the details of the case now, to outline
our testimony, but that is what we have
come to give on the 23d inst. We hope the
casu will not be long protracted, but if it i 3
we will stay as long as it may require."
Coat buttons are irom % to 1 inch in di
ameter. The large-sized ornamental but
tons used on ladies' Uressea are from I}£
to 2 inches.
ITEW TO-DAT— AMUSEMENTS.
CALIFORNIA THEATER.
Ax. Hayman* & Co. (Incorporated) Proprietors
MATINEE TO-DAY.
TO-NIGHT, SUNDAY NIGHT
AND Filter 3 NIGHTS NEXT WEEK.
TWO BIATINEKS
Mat. Sat. and Washington's Birthday.
"OUR LiITTUB"
izCINDERELLA CO.iz
Introducing a galaxy of Child Actors and Act-
resses. A series of Startling and Amusing Special-
ties.
NEW AND GORGEOUS
SCENERY, COSTUMES. EFFECTS.
Prices, tr,c to $1.00.
A good reserved seat on lower floor 50c.
February 5, 26, 27 and 28,
SOUSA'S
CONCERT BAND.
FIFTY MUSICIANS.
JOHN PHILIP sol;-; a Conductor
AssistPil by
Sirs. Elizabeth 'NorthroD (Soprano),
Miss Martina John stone (Violinist).
Seats on Sale Monday, February 23d.
BALDWIN THEATER.
liiiMA.N «stco. (Incorporated) i n>pr.9;a;i
THE EMINEM' ACTOR, MR.
LOUIS JAMES.
MATINEE TO-DAY.
MY LORI! \W SOME LADIES
TO-NIGHT (by Request).
JTJTjITJTS OiESAR.
Sunday Night OTHELLO
NE322IT "WEEK!
JAMES A. HEKHE ■■■ in Shore Acres."
tTODIAIDLJUOTTiOB *£-^»c» am twrtAOtß j • ■ •
last I TO-HAV
MATINEE I IU-UAY
Only 3 More Performances of
CHARLES HOPPER
And His Clever < otnpanv in
"CHIME FADDEF
Every Member of the Original Company and ■
: All the Hull ess Stage Effects.
MONDAY NEXT..... FANNY RICE
IN*
••AT THE FRENCH BALL."
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUS3
Alk:>.Kk;>;kmtink Kkft.iv>. Proprietor & Manager
—LAST TiaiES
THE SUCCESS OF SUCCESSES!
i THE UP-TO-DATE EXTRAVAGANZA,
ALADDIN,
Or, THE WONDERFUL LAMP,
EVERY EVENING-
OS- AT 8 _sjr
NFXT WEEK-
GRAND DOUBLiE BlT_ilji
| "PATIENCE"— "GALATEA."
i The Best All- Around Opera Company in
This Country.
: Popular Prices 250 find sOc
MOROSCO'S
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
1 WALTER MOROSCO...SoIe Lessee and Maui;i:
' FIRST PRODUCTION" ON THIS COAST
uf the Thrilling Comedy-Drama,
OUT IN THE STREETS!
By S. N. Wood, Author of "Orohans of New
York" and Other Great Successes.
A PLAY I ILL OF EXCITEMENT i
Many New People ! All New Scenery!
"Wonderful River of Fire !
New Specialties, New Songs, New Dances
ETrnlnr Price»^lOo, *.»o and "» >i.
Matinees Saturday and Sunday.
MATINEE TO-DAY (Saturday).
Parquet, any seat, 25c; Hnlcony. any sea., UJ.
Children. 10c, any par:.
ANOTHEK STUPENDOUS BILL.
THE FINNEYS. Champion Swimmera; HAVES,
IiYTTON & lIaYKS, In "CamlUe Up to Dale,"
TIIK PANTZERS, Funny Demons: THE
HE.NFOS, Aerial Artists: the OKANtI
OPERA QUARTET. «rn.I.K
Aiiiiakoff, Miss Cottb and Miss
Bush, and Numerous Novelties-
Concerts oy the Royal Hunetirlan Court Or-
chestra Immccilaiely after the evening perform-
ance in the Orpheum Annex.
A I PR 15 | MATINEE TO-DAY at 2
ALU A£AK I EVENING AT 8.
SARDOU'S GREAT COMEDY, J>
A SCRAP OF r.APEII ,_!
An Klejtant Performance! Every One Says bo I'
HUGO TOLASD, J. B. POLK and the Entire Co.
Our Popular Price*!
. Telephone for seats— BlacK 991.
■— ■ -
pACING! RACING. RACINQI
CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB— *
WINTER MEETING. 1896-97,
Beginnin: Monday, Feb. 8, to Feb. 20, Inclusive,
OAKLAND RACE TRACK.
Racing 31onday. Tuesday, Wednesday,
'X'liursday, Friday and Saturday.
lt£inor Shine.
FIVE OR MOIU£ RACES EACH DAT.
—Races Start at 2:15 P. M. Sharp-——
>erry Boats leave tsan Francisco at la v. ao4
12:30, 1 .00. 1 :30, 2 :00, '£ :30 and 3 P. m.. connect-
ing « itu trains stopping at the •ulrance to trade.
Buy your ferry tickets to Shell .Mound.
Keturntiig— Trains leave tbo Trade at 4:15 aal '
4:45 P. m. and immediately after the last race.
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS Jit, iTeildeaU
R. B. MILROY, becietary.
78
IN THE FIELD OF SPORT.
General Snow Sprays the Pugilists — Coursing at
Ingieside — Rifle, Trap and Rod.
The beantifnl snow has blocked the
hopes of the pugilists who are training in
Nevada for the chanipionsbip battle. Cor
bttt says tbat as long as be can have a
chance to play handball he is satisfied,
and that General Snow can do all tbe
blowing he like*. As the weather condi
tions are not favoj*\b!e to line weather for
some days to come, and as tbe pugilists
bave only a limited time in which to
train, it is hoped that tbe storm king can
be induced to take a trip to Fiance.
Tbe wheelmen are in hope? of baying a
fine day on Monday, as on tnat day they
will compete on tne Velodrome track for
valuable prizes.
Tbe Interstate Coursing Club will hold
its annual meeting on Sunday and Mon
day at the Ingieside pa-k, and as the best
do^'s representing the leading kennels oi
the coast will compete great racing is ex
pected.
Sportsmen will in future gather at the
tra;>-shootinn grounds to compete in the
shoots that will be given by different gun
ciubs during the season which is oj en to
clay and live b.rii.«.
An Interesting Programme for the
The road-racing committee of the Cali
fornia Associated Cycling Clubs, consist
ing of Charles Albert Adams, Olympic
Cub Wuee.men; thes.erri. Myrick, Re
liance 'Jlub Wn.elmen, and A. W. Weibe,
San Franci-co Road Club, definitely de
cided ye>terday a'ternoon :o postpone tbe
annual twenty-five mile road r«ce of the
association for two weeks — until -Sunday,
March 7. as predicted in The Call yester
uay. The entries and handicaps as then
published will reru.tin unchanged, save
ior the addition of such other names a«
are offered within tbe :iext week. The
Noonan brother* ot Santa Rosa bave en
tered, and one Wballey of Alacneda claims
bis entry was sent in and lost, so he will
a. so ssart. Thi* brings tbe liat up to an
even hundred starters.
Many did Dot recognize yesterday the
entry, "A. vV. (.leaver. Reliance, scratch.' 1
and wondered who this man could be
whom they had never heard of and yet
who was put on scratch. Mr. Cleaver
hails from Chicago, though more latterly
from Los Angeles. He h::s been a mem
ber ot the Bay City W;ieeimen for some
years past, anl recently joined the Re
liance Club. There is some doubt, how
ever, if he win start.
There wiii be a hustling for the Olympic
trophy, which tne Acme Cub ha? car>
tureu twice and stands a good chance of
winnine for good thin tune.
Tue prize list will be particularly inter
esting to the riders, and is given here
with. There are four elegant time prize-,
to wit: Gold split-second watch, god
chain anil locket, suit ol clothes, traveling
grip. There are twenty-live place prizes,
winch are civen in relation to their value
and position on the list as follows: Gold
watcii, diamond locket, overcoat, silver
chronometer, opal and diamond scar'pin,
bicycle suit, pair of trousers, camera, com- '
bination umorella and cane, one dozen
Paris pnnels, racing su ; t, Palmer tire-,
Morgan & \Vrignt tires, Vim tires, shav
ing set, racing suit, chronograph, kodak,
fishing rod, hat, racing shoes, bicycle
lamp, Record pedals, Leon cyclometer,
silver key rintr.
This comprises a list more valuable than
any ever offered by the association, which
probably accounts lor the increased entry
list and lively interest in tl>e race.
R. M. Welch, one of California's dele
gates to the recent League of American
Wheelmen's convention at Albany, N. V.,
is exacted to arrive here to-morrow night
at 8:45 o'clock on his return. He is ac
companied by ranK W. Fuller of the
Olympic Club Wheelmen. Frank H. Ker
rigan, chief consul of the leaeue in this
Slate, who was also a delegate, ha- re
mained in the East to visit some rela
tives, and will not get back here until tno
first week in Marcn. It is expected he
will come with Bald, Cooper and the
racing aggregation, which contemplates
training on the coast this spring, ,'tr .-
E. E. Stoddard will leave for an ex
tended trip through Oregon and Wash
ington this evening.
It is the opinion of such riders and
trainers as Young, Shaier, Windle, Bald,
Murphy, Butler, Starbuck and Goodman,
that the coming cycle racing season will
eclipse anything ever -een in this coun
try. They say that every indication points
to increased interest in racing matters.
They argue that many patrons of baseball,
horse-racing and kindred- sports will be
found at the cycle tracks this year.
Captain Day i.ad called a club ran of
the Bay City Wheelmen to San Leandro
for Monday, but as the big road-race has
been' postponed the ran is also off. The
club has thirteen men entered, and as
thirteen has always been its lucky number
much is expected of them.
Larger gears will be the rule the coming
reason in cycle racing. It i< said that
BaM will use an &4-gear, and that th;s
move will be followed by all the prom>
rent m"n. Tho usual eear last year whs
72 or 76. Michael rode one at 10">, and
liked it, &f\d so di i Becker, the five-mile
Champion. Our Charley \\ ells would be
the man to push such a gear, with his im
mense driving power.
The North California Division, League
of American Wheelmen, gained sixteen
new members during the past week. In
spite of all the talk about secessiou, new
r cruits continue to com* in.
A week from to-morrow the Imperial
Cycling Club will bold the first road race
of the season from Fruitvale to Jaay ward?,
a ten-mile event, for members only. A
number of riders are in training for it,
and if the roads are good fast time should
be made.
A. G. Batchelder, the New York State
handicappper, will probably be one of the
New York newspaper men at the Corbett-
Fitzsinirnons light, lie will go from there
to this State and will stay until the open-
Ing of the circuit. As a handidpper
Batchelder is m.d to be second only to
our own "Boboy"' Smyth.
The first number of "Wheeling, an up
to-date cycling paper," is at band, dated
February 13. It is issued Saturdays ni
Los Angeles by Charles Fuller Gates.
There is lots of news hi it, written in Mr.
Gates' peculiarly Interesting style, and
the paper should take hoM down there.
The Velodrome will have another hie
inert on Washington's birtlidav, and now
that the association road race and the
PetHluma meet are postponed there is uo
counter cycling attraction and a big crowu
lsexpected. The following are the entrie-i
and handicaps for the opeu events:
One mile open, professions!, first end second
In end. heat to qualify for final. First heat—
P. M. Byrne, Imperial; Horace Slater, Bay
City; T. P. Sullivan, unattached; R. i.. Dow
Olympic; I. A. May, unattached. ,'
Second heat— W. E. Becker. Minneapolis-
D. E. \Vhitmnn, Los Angeles; H. B. Freeman
Bay City; Eel Chapman, Nap*.
Third heat — C. R. Coulter. Olympic; Hardy
Downing:, Garden City; Eddie Allen, unat
tached; C. E. Dow, Seattle.; ,A. M. hoyden.
Alarneda.
Half-mile handicap, amateur, first -in e«cb
heat and second in fastest heat- to qualify for
final. First heat— P. R. Mot', Reliance,
scratch; T. Alboreilo. Olympic, 25 yards; Hil
ton M. CooK, Imperial, 35 yards; A. Theison,
California, 50 yards; U. H. Williams, Santa
Rosa, 60 yards.
Second heat— E. F. Russ, Olympic, scratch;
B. EL, Elford, Reliance. 20 yard*; William
Loos, Olympic, 30 yards; P. L. Dezert, Impe
rial, 40 yards; I. H. Frank, Barker, 60 yards.
Third heat— H. W. Squires, Acme, scratch ;
M. M. Cook, Olympic, 20 yards; R.Robinson,
Ban Francisco, 40 yards; R. A. Coulter, Cali
fornia, 55 yards; Charles £. Taylor, uhat
ucned, 60 yards; L. Schmitt, Barker, 70 yard*.
Fourth heat— George W. Tantau, Olympic,
I
THE WHEELMEN.
Velodrome Meet.
scratch; G. H. Crafts, Acme. 20 yards; W. S.
Bacon, Olympic, 30 yards*; Charles L). Shearer,
Capital City; 40 yards: F. C. Barley, Imperial,
50 yards; Ernest Ward, California, 00 yards.
Besides these races there will be the
Velodrome iliie'.d event at otic- mile be
tween D. K. Whitman and C.E.Dow; a
third ol a mite triplet exhibition by C. H.
Shearer. 0. Mass and S. Honigj>berg; half
mile exhibition by George W. Tantao,
paced by George E. Dixon. 8. B. Vincent
and \V. L. Loo? on a triplet; un paced ex
hibition by Clinton R. Coulter, holder of
the world's un paced mile recor i of 1:59 1-5;
one mile triplet trial, Dixon, Vincent and
Loos.
. The officials for the meet will be: Ref
eree, Frank B. El well; judees— J. F. Mc-
Glynn, C, S. Myrick, A. P. Swain; timers
— Ueorge tl. Stratton, W. I. Pix.ey, 11. D.
Hadenfeldt; scorers* S. G. Scovern, George
W. Brouiilet, Sol Pei?er; umpires — J. S.
Bean, R. S. Duncan, 'Joseph Lewis, T. J.
Fian.gati; clerk of course, Gvoisre E. Dix
en; assistants— A. W. Weihe, E. H. Wet
ttierhi-ad, Giles Cooper; starter, Douglas
White; announcer, John C. Hines.
Tan should prove to be an interesting
meet, though one cannot fail to miss the
name-* of Ziegler, Welli, the Terrills, Ste
vens, Louche, d, McFarland and others in
the entry list. Considering that these
men are only fifty rni.es away, in training
, at San Jose, and are ready and willing to
race at any and all limes, it is bard to
understand why they do not ride on the
Velodrome track* when the only reason
they youchsafe is tbs*. they do not like
Manager Fawcett. When Michael, the
little Welsh world-beater, gets here within
tlie next week, be will also be in cnarge of
Dave Shafer, who is band ling the team
now at San Jose, ko 1 suppose we will not
see nisi here either lor a similar reason,
iSut as Michael will be seen nt all the in
terior meets and at San Jose bis coming
will be worth the while.
The racing men are taking a great deal
of interest in the opening of the big State
circuit at Santa Rosa next Saturday. A
special round-trip rate bus been arranged
and a large delegation of San Francisco
wheelmen will attend. There will be four
professional and two amateur events and
a number of record tr.ais, and the class of
men entered insures speedy contests.
There will be lots of entries, plenty of
events, fast riding and liberal prizes, and
the management being in the band" of
the Santa Itosa Wheelmen insure- satis
faction in that direction. Spaldikq.
THE ANGLER.
How the Streams Near Uklah Are
Fished by Local Champions.
The anglers who had figured upon
having some good Batting in the Paper
mili, at Point Reyes and other streams
which empty into the ocean, mu-t post
pone their outing for ut least on - week, as
the creeks are ngain running b.u»k full, and
it will be some uay« be:ore they are fit to re
ceive a line. Last Sunday five or six nice
fish were caught in the tidewater* of the
l'ai er-milL
During this progressive ace in the land
of the Gciden West why should sports
nien and anglers wonder at the vast im
provements that have taken place of re
cent years looking toward the protection
of cam* an<l fish in this great btate tiur
ing I tie breeding sea -on.
The people of I'kinh are doubtless
p eased to have v.sks from the anpliug
;raternity d urine the oi.en season for
tistiiiii.'. It has not yet been stilted where
a liotelkeeper reliisel to accept payment
Albert Lucas, Who Killed Over
Forty Steelhead With a Spear
in a Stream Near Ukiah.
from a guest because the latter happened
to meet with disappointment on the
stream he expected to realize some good
sport.
Anglers will certainly not visit towns
which are w.thiii convenient reach of
trout streams nnleßS they know positively
tha" they can catrh troui. If the people
of Ukiah feel proud of a man who can
destroy thirty or forty s'eeiheads in a day
with a spear while the fishes are scouring
on thair spawning beds they are certainly
welcome to the honor; but their pockets
must suffer the consequence, as local
anglers will be sore to give any such
place a wide berfh durine the open "season
for trout-catching, which commences on
April 1.
It stands to reason that if the parent
flshes of the little ones which afford the
roif-casters so much enjoyment in the
spring and summer momtis are slaugh
tered in the crude manner of the aborigi
nes when on their spawning beds and
wiiiie in the act of reproducing their
species there certainly cannot be any
small fi'-he* :o populate the stream which
in all probability will be pointed out to
visiting anglers as one of the "finest"
trout streams ;n the State.
As an evidence of hnw the sportsmen of
Ukiah protect the fishes in streams and
One of Seven Large Bugs Found
in the Intestines of a Steel
head Caught in Paper-Mill
Creek Last Sunday.
creek* which would assuredly attract
large numbers of anglers from" this City
if the ri^ht kind of inducements weie
iieid out to them during the months in
which they are looking ior a few days'
outing in the country, the following letter
from a correspondent will explain :
Uriah, February 19, 1897.
Sporting Editor Call: The lovers ol sport In
this section of country have at length dis
covered a man of whom they have sufficient
reason to feel proud, and as a result of his last
magnificent exhibition he will in all probabil
ity be crowned king of fishermen ana receive
a gold medal. This person is no other than
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, &ATURDAY, FEBRUARY 20, 1897.
"Prince" Albert Lucas, who at one time
gained great notoriety while on the detective
force at Portland, Or., but having been forced
to seek retirement on occount of his physical
condition, and being a sportsman of no little
ability, he returned to the land oj his birth,
where he was always considered a crack shot
and a skillful man with the rod and gig. On
the Bth inst. he accomplished the grand feat
wnlcn has so suddenly made him very promi
nent in fish and gamu circles, and entitles
Mm to claim the championship of capturing
salmon out of small creeks with an instru
ment commonly known as a "gig." He suc
ceeded in the short space of half an hour in
capturing forty-five salmon out of a very
rough and rocky stream, generally known as
Candle Creek, which is regarded as something
more than remarkable, as very lew persons
were ever known to have gigged more than
twenty salmon in the same length of time,
and more especially during the winter season,
when the waters in all these streams are very
hieh and swift. |
A short sketch of the life of Prince Albert is
as follows: "Prince" was born in the year
1855. about three miles from Ukiah City, on
the North Fork of Robinson Creek. His boy
hood days were spent down on the farm and
in his e*r:y life he occupied a large part of
his time in hunting for wild animals such as
pnnther, bear ana mountain lions, with
whom he had many desperate encounters and
his escnpc on many occasions was miraculous.
In his younger days he was even then consid
ered the best fisherman in the county. At the
age of 25 he went to Portland and found em
ployment on the detective force and by his
great cunning, shrewdness and cleverness he
gradually worked himself up to one of the
bent positions on the force, but owing to the
condition of the climate not being suitable to
his heal in, he was compelled to leave Portland
and moved to VncaviUe, where he was also
emp oyed on the local police force as a' private
detective, but Hi* health not improving any
be returned some four years ago to his native
home ami has resided here since that time.
While out on a hunting expedition last sum
mer with a party of lrlends near Trinity
County, he nearly met his fate at tho hands of
a mountain lion. One day while out roiling
leisurely along and watching for a good
chhnee to kill some bucks, he accidentally
charged into a mountain lion's den. This lion
had done considerable damage to all the
farmers and stockraisers in the vicinity of the
boundary line between Trinity and Meudocino
counties in killing their stock, and Prince
never thought *>r a moment oi coming in con
tact with this ferocious beast. However, be
Immediately grasped the situation, and vividly
recalling to mind the great feats of his younger
days, he waited his opportunity, and when the
lion in. .de its leap, ha plunged ins knife into
its heart and killed the beast on the spot.
For this brave? act Prince received many hand
some tribute*, and his invitations every sum
mer to return to these hunting grounds are
very numerous.
He again displayed his courage and bravery
last Christmas day whi>e on duty as a special
officer in attempting to arrest a half breed
uaui d Domingo Parker. I'arker struck at
Prince witu a dagger, but it fortunately missed
its mark, and he only received a slight wound
on the 'eft arm, and he *trugg'>ed with his
man until he overpowered him. Since that
time he has positively retused 10 do any police
or detective work of any nature, and has de
voted his atleutieu entirely to fishing. His
jertormance lust Saturday excelled anything
ever heard of in this part of me country, and
Ins supporters are very jubi.auorer his guc
c s<, and are willing to back him for any
amount in this line of fishing. He is still im
proving, and he expects to surprise his lriends
uy doubling tue last catch, and ills hoped his
efforts will prove successful.
TUG-OF-WAR.
Public Interest In the Forthcoming
tvent Is S cad ly Growing.
As the ;ime for the inauguration of the
big tu:;-of-war tournament at the Me
chanics' Pavilion draws near public inter
est in the popular sport intensities, and it
will assume startling proportions by the
opening day, next tj.murday. Tne Pavil
ion is being put in shape for the big event;
a large force of mtcaamcs are at work
erecting the cleated platform on which
the men of rniguty muscle will struggle
for national honor and the liberal cash
prizes. The seating accommodation will
be so arranged as to afforu a clear and un
obstructed View oi the exc.tiug sport from
ah parts of the vast structure, so the dis
ccmDt-ire of •■tretciiiinj necks to see all
that transpires will oe obvia'ed. Tue
pubic is now engugeJ in carefully can
vasiing the nieri.s <>f the respective teams,
and choosing favorites therefrom whose
efforts will be watched with all the
earnestness and anxiety an international
struggle engenders. The iollow.ng syn
opsis of the teams wnl «how about how
the\ appear loan mi;ar!ial observer:
Tne lr:su team un ;er the efficient cap
taincy of James Hhrdne-y is apt to t>»
come a favoril* in this tournament and
tneir large following will have no cause to
be disappointed at .lie appenrance of tue
-un* ot Erin when ttiey step un :he plat
form to pull for the honor of the green
isle. Some Ol its members have had a
former experience in the sport which they
are pulling to good account. There was a
large contingent of l>rawr.y Ceit3 to pict
lroru, but the candidates had to undergo a
severe trial test rciore acceptance. Caj>
tain Hanluedy enjoys the contiJence and
esteem of i.i- fellow countrymen, wuo ap
prove ot his great discipline as a task
master.
iat tain Alexander Campbell of the
Scotch team will line up a string of giants
who outweigh and are taller than any
other team. He displays a tar lonable
pride in ttie exhibition of his brawny
Scots, who, each and ail, share nis en
itjus asm and determination to "puil to
the fore" against all corners; his men were
subjected to a severe test on his pulling
sca.es n^fore acceptance, and some of the
tes-t- ar? said to have resuueU in astonisti
ing hgures, especially that o: fca;nu.-l
Pinkerton, the Hercules, who scored
10U0 pounds with ease. Tins man is
destined to create a sensation when tha
public catch a glimpse of his huge propor
tions.
The German team is in fine fettle and
Captain Schilling may well feel proud and
contident'of the outcome, for in the selec
tion of his men he has exercised great
care— con -idering brawn and muscle ms of
greater importance in the make-up of his
team than a deau weight of iat men, de
void of wind and endurance. He clain-s
to have itemed of a pecuiinr di»t which
tends to improve the wind and pulling
power ol his men.
Captain Merani'a Italian team are assid
iou* In their efforts at training and show
up well in their photographs and at prac
tice. This ieum is actuated witharirm
'if termination to show th« wond that the
Latin race are to the front in manly
strength, as well as in the crts and sciences
for ag,es. The tfam does not weigh heavy,
being among tiie lightest, but they possess
tho^e tnuscies o; steel ihat are often equal
to the most tremendous strains when
backed by natural pride and perseverance.
The Swedish team, who were the cham
pions of the last tournament, are well
organized and exhibit the same quiet mien
as Heretofore. They look sturdy enough
to battle with the best, and all Captain
Pianck wou:d say was, 'Just wait until
we tackle ttie rope," and he looked as if
he meant every word of it. He it very
popular with his men, who obey his every
behest with pleasure.
Captain Duplissea's Canadians are get
ting over their worry as lo the loss of the
great anchorman, Bob Smltn, who was
transferred to the Irish te^in. They have
no iears and keep at their st-vere training.
aaing a trem*ndoaa weight a^ a lever for
e^ercif". One characteristic of this team
is the perfect and unique code of signals
employed by Captain Dupkssea, which
enaoles him to control h.s niu-n's actions
with automatic precision, an advantage
which is of paramouut importance when
a teum is m action.
The Norwegians and the Dane-: are
housed in the same training quarters, but
are dividing the time so that there is no
conflict or interference one with the otner.
They are as careful to guard each other's
signals and other training secrets as if
separated by miles of distance. Both
teams promise great results, for as hereto
fore they are composed largely 01 men
win' have followed the sea and their
familiarity with a rope and the' best
method of hauling on it makes them dan
gerous rivals. The hardy Norseman feel
greatly encouraged and are bound to put
fort . all the effort possible to win and
thu •« earn the approbation of their fellow
countrymen ami respective captains, John
son and Larsen.
Another team which may prove a sur
prise la the French, who display a loyally
that is wholesome to witness in their
eagerness for victory. Captain Barbe en
joys the confidence and respect of his men,
although he is very exacting in his train
ng methods, which the men regard as a
Schiller, Barney Schreiber's Candidate for the Thornton Stake
To-Day.
pardonable fault under the circumstances.
For instance, he i-* s:iid to have required
his men to abstain from all intoxicating
liquors while training; a very severe rule,
considering the love of the race lor ther
wine, which takes the place of tea and
coffee at table.
The team of natives of the United
States, commanded by Capiain B'ickley,
are destined to pull well to the front, if
indeed not to the foremost place in the
general result, for a more formidable team
a« to riant strength, enJurance and skill
could not be fonnd tt.an that which will
tue for the honor of Old Glory, though
they have foemen to face who are worthy
of respectful consideration. Tney still
feel absolut- lv impreenable and certa nly
look like winners, regardless of the many
advautages otner teams can claim.
The Scotch team entered for the tourna
ment wer* photographed yesterday. The
nine other teams were uhotogiapbed Sun
day, and the data of names, etc., being
already published, the following list of
the Scotch team, several of wn\m were
absent Sunday, completes thi» list of all
the teams entered fcr the tournament:
Captain, Alexander Campbell; birthplace,
Brelecken, Argyleshire; age, 33; weight, 210.
H. Atkinson; birthplace, Glasgow; uge, 33;
weight, 256.
s Vmk -rtou; birthplace, Glasgow; age, 25;
wf.gin. 'j;;7
B. W >Nnin; birthplace. Aberdeen; age, 30;
weiznt, 205.
J. Hi.l; uirtbplace, Dumfries; age, 33; weight,
195.
A. S. White; birthplace, Perthshire; age, 28;
weight, 190.
J. H. X nnedy; birthplace, Dundee; age, 28;
weight, 190.
H. McKenzi": birthplace, Argyleshire; age,
22; weight. 195
R.I), .^iiu; birthplace, Aberdeen; age, 32;
weight, 190.
F C. Timmnaon; birthplace, Glasgow; age,
2ti: weight, T2S.
J A. earner. m; birthplace, Canada, X. S. ;
age, 33; weight, 175.
THE OARSMEN.
The Dolphins' New Boathousa Is
Finished.
Despite the fact that it rained Sunday
morning the Dolphins built a new walk to
the boathouse under the supervision of
Ed Sullivan and Tommy Kennedy.
In the afternoon « crew, composed of T.
J. Kennedy, T. R. Keenan, T. J. Sullivan
and C. M. Farrell, under the watchful eye
of A Jam Schuppert, rowed to Sausalito,
and on their return Captain Patch took
out the barge with R. J. Blen-ierhassett,
John Lynch, Alex Pape and Sam Murray
as tar as Fort Point wharf.
The Dolphins have never made a good
record with their crews, owing to the
rough waier in tho vicinity of their quar
ters; but now that the new l>oathouse is
finished, and sleeping quarters have been
put in, Captain Pitch feels continent that
the blue and white will be seen in front
more than once this year.
Adam Schuppert will assist Patch in
training and coaching the men. Schup
pert is an old-time oarsman that rowed in
the early 'B)'s, und has seven first prizes
to show for his skill, both in single and
fours.
Th» club will hold a try-out the second
Sunday in Marcn, and James Lali> will
then row via match race with Fred Woer
ner.
Every Sunday Alexander Pape, T. J.
Kennedy, W. J. Schumacher, Charles
Roach and Collj Mngan can be seen
alone the front in the skiffs.
T. R. Keenan and Will Pa'cb aro doing
a little rowing in the single shell — just
enough to keep in practice for any regatta
thai might take place at an early date.
Keen;i n beat Pntch half a length in a
practice race before the last regatta.
Patch is not satisfied and the clnb is will
ing to put up a trophy for them to com
pete fcr.
A crew of new members of one-year
membership are to row the old-timers at
tiie next ladies' day. The new members
will be: John Lynch, stroke; Sam Mur
ray, after waisr; W. J. Hinricn-i, for
ward waist; Charles Mitchell, bow; P.
yon Hadeln, coxswain. Old-timers — Cul
ly Mogan, strok-; Frank Staib, after
waist; Julius Mr-mii, forward waist:
Adam Schuppert, bow; Al Kothkopi,
coxswain.
Trie Dolphins are thinking of raising
the initiation lee to $20, as the member
ship roll is tilled.
GUN AND GAME.
Olympic Gun Club Tournament.
Chances In the Game Laws.
The pun clubs will be in cracking eood
form to-morrow, as the day will be the in
auguration of the season's < rap-shooting
contests. The Olympic Gun Club trap
shooters will put in an appearance at the
new Incleside mud saucer grounds,
dressed in their best new artificial uni
forms. The shooting will commence at
9:30 o'clock with a Iw'teen-bird race and
this will be followed by fifteen, twenty,
twenty and ten bird rae-s, the entrance
foe* for which wilt be 75 cents, $1 and
50 cents. Tne final event will be a ten-
Ltird novelty race, or novelty rule race,
which means th:»t every old thing goes in
Vac line of guns, animuniiiqn, etc.
On Monday the h-atarp of the tourna
ment will be a "freezeout," and judging
from the present appearance of the
weather the event will prove remarkably
successful. The contest will be for the F.
K. Webster trophy iind shooters will be
handicapped according to their skill.
This will give Merton C. Allen, Tom
Barney. Dave Thorn, John Butler, Clar
ence Haight and several other member*
who are alleged to ne the coming men a
chance to gain a reputation.
The Lincoln Gun Club has arranged a
very neat programme, wnich states that
Choir shoots will be held on tbe first and
third Sundays of each month, commenc
ing in Maich an i ending in August.
Smoke will be seen during the days when
war will be declared on blnerocks at the
club ground.". Alarneda Point.
On the 28th inst. a irrand open to all
tournament will be held under the ana
pices of the Lincoln Gun Club, at the
grounds of the association, at Alameda
Junction There are eight races on tne
programme.
The Denver Rifle Club, the members of
which have always been aggressive in tbe
matter of game protection in Colorado,
unanimously voted, at the recent annual
meeting, against the proposed hunters'
license. The resolution said, in part:
"We believe such a Jaw would deter sports
men and tourists from visiting our moun
tain reports during tha open season for
the purpose of huntin ■ and fishing; that
the game and fish <->f the State being pup
lic property, we believe in equality for all
and special privileges to none during such
seasons when the game and fish may be
taken ; that, as we believe the general pub
lic derives benefit lrom the game and fish
in our public domain, therefore the reve
nue necessary to pronerly protect the fish
and game should be den ved from the State
funds."
Senator Hall's amendment to the game
laws, the intent of which ia to permit
hunters to kill canvasback and bluebill
uucks at all months of the year, is about
the most nonsensical measure that has
ever been introduced in tne Legislature,
and deserves to be snot to pieces.
Although the season may be lengthened
a month, it would nevcrdo togive market
huuters an opportunity of slaughtering
birds during the breeding season, which
they certainly would do if Hall's amend
ment became a law. The hunters could
very easily strip the mallards and other
kinds of ducks which breed here of their
feathers and ship them to this City under
the name of canvasbnek or bluebill.
Several amendments to the game bill
have passed the secjnd reading in the
Senate. In brief, the alterations in the
present law are as follows: The season for
mnrk»tinp all game is from October 15 to
February 15, instead of from November 15
to January 15; the season for shooting
mountain quail and grouse to open on
September 1 in place of August 15: oneu
season on doves to commence Juif 15 in
place of July 1. Hall's amendment to the
open season for ducks excepts oanvasback
and blueb.ll; in otner words, these varie
ties of clucks are not protected at all and
can be shot and marketed at any time.
The Fixh and Game Commission are
opposed to Hall's amendment, as are the
sportsmen of this City. Chief Depuiy Bab
cock says that such a law would render
the entire duck law inoperative. The
hunter* wi'l kill all kinds of ducks at all
seasons, pick them and cut off their heads
and feet and sell them for canvasl acks
and bmebills, and not one in a thousand
could teil the differenre. Mallards would
be killed while nesting, and our supply oi
home-ored duck reduced to noihing. This
may be amended before the third reading,
but if not, the sportsmen will endeavor to
kill the whole bill.
THE KENNEL.
Classes That Will B9 Judg-ed In
Stockton by Mason and Fellows.
Next Wednesday the American Kennel
Club will decide whether the newly born
San Francisco Kennel Club or the Olym
pic Gun Club will give a show in this City
this year.
Both club» have applied for dates, but
as the Olympic Gun Club was first in the
field it 16 certainly entitled to the prefer
ence.
Judging from a letter that was recently
received by a lecal sportsman from a
prominent dog-fancier of New York, tne
result that will, in all probability, accrue
from the meeting of the parent club, will
not prove satisfactory to the Olympic Gun
Club.
The letter states that high pressure has
been brought to bear unon prominent in
dividuals of the American Kennel Club
by some California dog-fanciers with the
object of bavins the settlement of the
question given to the Pacific Advisory
Board, whicn board is under the influence
of ono man, who is said to have been the
prime originator of the so-called San
Francisco Kennel Club.
It will b« a very agreeable surprise to
the Olympic Gun Club if the A.-uerican
Kennel Club siiould decide in it-> favor.
Certainly ii the officers ot the American
Kennel Club thoroughly understood the
s tuation here and would be influenced by
a majority vote of the sportsmen and do*
men of this City and coast, then the
Olympic Gun Club would win the day
wi:h flvnc colors.
STOCKTON, Cat,., Fee. 19— The Kennel
Cl .b met Wednesday evening to arrange
for the coming bench show nere, and
among other matters decided how the
ca>ses are to be divided between Judges
Ma^on and Fellows.
According to the present understanding
entries will "positively close" on Marcn
31. Tae show is to begin on the 7th of
April and last until the 10th inclusive.
Entry notices should be addressed to A.
C, Davenport, 314 East Main street.
The bench show committee consists of
JoMn E. Doak, chairman; A. C. Daven
port, secretary ; S. B. Huskius, treasurer;
J. H. Lindsey, superintendent; Dr. Eddy,
veterinarian, and Henry .Lonjers, A. E*.
Mapes, Jonn Heffernau, F. U. Gifford,
David Winders and William M. Gibson.
At the meetintr a recommendation was
adopted providing that the judging of the
dogs be divided between Mason and Fel
lows as follows :
Mason— Mastiffs. St. Bernards, Great Danes,
Newfoundlands, Xox hounds, pointers, Irish
Betters, co IfM, t ull terriers, dachsbunde,
beagles, tox terriers, Irish terriers, biack-and
tiui terrier.*, Skyo terriers, Scotch terriers,
Yorkshire terriers, toy terriers, Boston ter
neiKiina miscellaneous.
J. Otis Follows— BiooUhounda, wolfhounds,
dverliouiids, greyhounds, Jfnelish setters,
Gordon setters, CUffapcttbe Bay docs, field
spaniel*, cocker spaniels, Irish water spaniels,
bulldogs, Bassett hounds, Clumber spaniels,
Japanese spaniels, toy spaniels, Italian grey
hounds, shupperkes, Dalmatians, spitz dogs,
pugs, King Charles spaniels, Blenheim span
iels and poodles.
THE RING.
Who W!!l Win the Big Fight Is a Ques
tion Now Asked by Thousands.
Dan Stuart and Referee Siler are sick in
Carson. They attribute their misfortune
to the fact that tljey were not copyrighted
in time to escape from ihe beautiful snow.
It is io be hoped, i.owever, that the great
promoter and the man who has been se
lected to pass judgment on the champion
ship mill will toon bo up and dotner.
Stuurt cannot afford to remain in bed
for any ien.th of time as be i,a- business
of the utmost importance to attend to on
the outside.
A few months ago be was taken sick in
Texas with inflammation of the bowels,
and had no easy time pulling through.
He will exercise particular care now to
avoid a relapse. The change in climate
has put Siler on his back, but he will be
on his pins in » few days.
Corbeit is feoliug in tip-top shape ac
cording to the reports ot special corre
spondents, and if nothing unforeseen will
happen that may alter his plans between
now and March 17, he should appear in
the ring fit to make the battle of his life.
Fitzsimmons is sawing wood some
where on the road. He has very little to
say about tne match and what his chances
will le of debating Champion Jim; but
occasionally when he is pressed for a
word he reminds his questioners that
there will be two horses in thr race and
that the horse which makes the greatest
clatter does not always come in ahead.
Fitz will soon be stationed at bis training
quarters near Carson, and wnen he once
gets properly into the hardness then the
readers of pugilistic affairs can expect to
hear something spicy from Robert the
great concerning his chances of defeating
Corbett and winning "a barrel" of money.
Allowing that the two men will be
physically in good con lition on the day
.-elected for the settlement of the cham
pionship dispute, i' is cenerally conceded
that Corbett is superior to Fitzsimmons in
cleverness and ability to avoid punish
ment; but the fact cannot be denied,
nevertheless, that the Cornishman has a
very happy knack of landing his big fist
on come vulnerable spot when his oppo
nent Is least expecting a warm reception.
It is no wonder then thai Fitzsimmons
is looked upon by the fraternity as beinn
a most Dangerous man, and possibly
there is not a pugilist in tne business who
realizes that fact better ;han Corbett.
If the latter can go the pace for any
reasonable distance witnout tiring he
should win, as he will cut out a gallop for
Fitz that will astonish the Cornishman.
But Robert i-< cunning ana chock full of
funny oid tricks, which he has played
wah tho greatest success on men who
shouted before they got out of the wood,
believing that they had the elongated
blacksmith cooked to a turn.
Fitz->irninons will have an advantage
over Corbett in reach, as his arms, when
extended, cover by two inches more terri
tory tnan the champion's. He strikes a
terrible blow, also, and if he should hap
pen to land on Corbett, either in a rally or
at long ranee, the chances are two to one
that the Californian will go sprawling on
the boards.
The question asked by thousands is:
Can Corbett avoid being hit on the chin
or jugular during the heat of battle.
when both men are fresh and full of
ginger?
Some say that Fitz will land beyond a
doubt, and that Corbett cannot recover
from the blow; but the Corbett people
contend that Fitz will be hitting atempty
spaoe, and when "rattled" he will receive
a coup eof clips under the ear that will
bring the big figut to a speedy conclu
sion.
Every man has his opinion, but all bet
tors cannot cash checks when the pool
sellers are ready to pay out the long green
to the winners. It is hoped, however,
that the contest will not be won on a foul
blow. It may answer some, but the great
majority will enter a strong objection.
Jeffries, th« Loi Antrc ea heavy-weight,
will leave for Carson on Monday. He says
that the next time he emerainto an agree
ment with a club to tight he will insist
upon having some security in case the
match is declared off.
BASEBALL.
Ths Vio'ets and San Francisco Ath-
letlc Club Play To-Morrow,
A new ba-ebal! schedule will be started
Sunday at Central Park by the San Fran
cisco Athletic Club and the San Francisco
Violets. This oucht to be one of the
greatest games in the series, as the teams
have a bitter feeling' toward each other,
and the smallest accident generally brings
on a row, but no trouble will explode dur
ing tie game, as it would mean the ex
pulsion of those who caused it.
The rules will be strictly adhered to and
no doubt a great game will be put up by
both teams. They are evenly matched
and are in excellent trim for the opening
game. Below is the line-up:
8. F. Athletics. Position. 8. F. Violets.
Dreug Catcher Cronk
Kayoiond , Pitcher Fitzpatrlck
Ford First base Sueagert
Van urden Second base Kennedy
Spellman Third base J. Kelly
Johnson Shortstop F. Kelly
Shean Leu field Eagan
Gianni Center field u'uay
Kelsso Klght field T. Kelly
The Excelsior Club has organized for
the ensuing season and challenges all
comers. The club is composed as follows:
E. Duff, catcher; F. Fitzpatrick, pitcher;
G. Pyne, first base; J. Hopkins, second
base; Downing, shortstop; Gillespie, left
field; Ellinewood, center field; Cav
ariaugh, right field. Address all chal
lenges to J. Hopkins, 25 Treat avenue.
The Lippman Bros. Baseball Club would
like to play any team whose members are
under 19 years of age. Address all chal
lenges to Al J. Nathan, captain, 443 Hayes
street. .*.-•■-;'
FOOTBALL.
The. Lions Will Play the Eureka
Stars To- Day.
The Lions will play the Enreka Stars,
rain or shine, to-day at Central Park. A
great deal of interest has been manifested,
and it is expected that 600 people will be
on the grounds when time is called at 3
o'clock.
The Lions intend to go to the grounds
in a bus decorated in their colors. Jack
Miller ot the Y. M. C. A.'s will act as
umpire.
The line-np of the Lion team is as fol
lows: Center, George Williams; right
i uard, Rooney or Pedilla; left eaard,
Jaoobson; right tackle, Charles L. Ricket
son; left tackle, Richet; right end. Pierce;
lelt end. Eckonrough; quarter, Gus Sdli
valo; right half, Cohen; left half, Alex
ander; nillback. Dore; substitutes, Har
vey, Nasu and Ed Bplivalo.
Basket- Ball.
The following communication has been
received from R. Homer, the secretary of
the Basket-ball League, and speaks for
itself:
With the increased popularity of Indoor
athletics it has become necessary to revise the
rules ana regulations of a number of athletic
games. The object of these reforms and cor
rections has . oven to make all tho exercises
more gentlemanly and less dangerous to the
persons engaged therein. \- ■
There ha recently appeared In "Spalding's
Athletic Library" a small book entitled "the
Official Basket-ball Guide," and these rules
havbeen adopted by anew basket-ball league
which consists 01 three teams of the San Fran
cisco^. m* C. A. and of two teams of the Oak
itL 11m I . M . ( . ,\ .
The executive committee of the league has
three members— A. F. Brock of the OaKland Y.
M. C. A., chairman ; Fred L. Shaw of the San
tranclsco Central Y. M. C. A., treasnrer; Ru
dolf Homer of the German Branch Y. M. C. A
City, secretary.
The names of the five teams that have en
tered and will compete in a championship
series are as lollows: The Athens and Cyders
O! Oakland ana the Rushers, the Ninety-sevens
and the Business Men of San Francisco.
Tho games will be played alternately in the
gymnasiums o; the Oakland and San Francisco
loiing Men's Christian associations. The
total number of games to be played for the
championship win be thirty,. and the team
winning ;he greatest number of games will
be declared champions. Each member of the
victorious team is to receive a silver menal as
'"rnished by the international committee of
the Young Men's Christian associations of
Isorth America, whose 'headquarters are in
KEW 70-DAT.
When I say I cure I do not moan merely to stop
them for a tune and then have them return again. I
Qtean a radical cure. I have made tho disease of
FITS, EPILEPSY or FALLING SICKNESS a life-
long study. I warrant my remedy to cure the worst
cases. Because others have failed is no reason for
not now receiving a cure. Send at once for a treatise
and a Free Bottle of my infallible remedy. Give Ex-
press and Postoflice address.
«IQLWJ.PEffi,F.D.,4Cetfarst.,RewY(Hii
the city of New York. The first game of the
series way played last Thursday between the
Rushers and Athens.
RYER'S ESTATE SETTLED.
Judge Slack Has Ordered the Property^
Distributed to Heirs and
Legatees.
The estate of the late Dr. Washington
M. Ryer, which has been in litigation for
several year , has been ordered settled
and distributed. The matter was disposed
of in Judge Slack's court yesterday morn-
Ing.
Dr. Ryer's estate consisted principally
of Market-street property and at the tin;
of hi* death it was appraised at $1,250,000.
He bequeathed the bulk of his estate to
his widow and children and left a lar^e
sum to charitable institutions. The widow
married again and is now Mrs. Elizabeth
Joy. The estate has been involved in liti
gation ever since the testator's death, but
the trouble has nearly all been settled
and to-day Judge Biac!i approved the ac
count ot the executors.
. There is still pending a litigation be
tween the estate and James D. Phelan ov°
some $7000 worth of taxes, but this will
not interfere with the distribution of the
property. L. M. Hoefler of the firm of
Bishop & Wheeler appeared in court this
morning and obtained the necessary order
Under this the Fletcher Ryer Company*
an assignee of Fletcher Ryer, will receive
$36,683 53; the same company as assignee
of Mary P. Ryer, $10,000, ana' as assign
of Mrs. Joy, $1437 44; the Old Peoulf's
Home, Ladies' Protective and Belief >0 .
ciety, Protestant Episcopal Oid Ladies'
Home, Boys' and Girls' Aid Society, San
Francisco Lying-in Hospital, Protestant
Orphan Asylum and Little Bisters' Infant
Shelter gel $15,000 each. Smaller amounts
go to various other claimants.
» — « — «
Defaulting Collectors.
Tony Gotelli. a 16-year-old boy, was arrested
yesterday on a charge of misdemeanor embez
zlement preferred by Frank Cartonl. The lat
ter claims thnt Gotelli made collections to the\
amount of $70 or $80 for him, and failed to 1
make returns. ; /
A complaint charging felony embezzlement
was made on a similar statement of facts
against W. J. Kearney, a salesman for C. W.
Kellogg & Co., 122-124 Davis street. The
company claims he failed to make a return of
$70. ,
': — — » ■ »~ • i
St. Ignatius Church.
To-morrow, at the 7:30 a. h. mass, the
Ladles' Sodality of St. Ignatius Church will re
ceive communion in a body. At the 10:30
a. v. mass on the same day the Rev. H. 'Woods,
8. J., will preach the sermon. After vespers in
the evening the Rev. James Walsh, 8. J.> of fcan
Jose will occupy the pulpit. The Gentlemen's
Modality connected with St Ignatius College
Contemplate Droduciug a grand sacred drama
some time next May. The play has already
been selected and the best of talent has been
secured.
■ sew to-pat: [_
WEAK MEN i '
weak backs.
\\/f»oLr fVlon —Those suffering from
YVCctIV mCII Nervous Debility, the
symptoms of which are dull, distressed
mind, flushes of heat, depression of spirits,
evil forebodings, cowardice, fear, dreams,
melancholy, lack of energy, low vitality,
confusion of ideas, lost manhood, wasted
powers, constipation, weakness of the limbs
and feeling tired in the morning, as \v -11
as tho<te troubled with seminal weakness,
which is wrecking the lives of many, the
symptoms of which are languor, dullness,
loss of ambit on, wandering mind, palpita-
tion of the heart, bad dreams, with noc-
turnal discharges, should consult
DOCTOR SWEAXY,
Whose Reputation Is Established by
Ten Tears of Unparalleled Success
at 737 Market Street, San Franciso o
Wpil^ Rf»r>lrc are an unmlßtaKable
¥¥CdR Dcll.lV!> sign of diseased kid-
neys. Doe* your back ache? Do you have
sediment or brick dust deposit in the urine
Do you urinate frequently? Have you
weakness of the generative organs, partial
or total impotency? II you have any of these
symptoms yon have diseased kidneys. To
neglect these troubles means to yon dia-
betes or Bright* disease and a premature
grave. DR. SWEANY invariably cures
these diseases.
YOU HO 1 Mpn If ' ou haTe indulged
I uuuj, iT&CM, In early indiscretions
and as a consequence have emissions, ex-
hausting" drains, pimples, bashfulness,
aversion to society, a tired, stupid, eloomy
feeling and failing of memory, lack of
vigor, absolutely unfitting you for study,
business or marriage, do not neglect your-
self until too late. Do not allow false pride
and «ham modesty to deter you in seeking
immediate relief. Get cured and be a man.
V« rirnrf*lt* Hydrocele, Piles, Fistula,
VariCOCeie, shrunken Organs, Swell,
ines and tenderness of the organs and
glands treated with unfailing success.
Diinfiifa New method, sure cure, pain-
tVUpiUrCt i eß3 treatment, no detention
from work, no experiments, no truss. A
positive, certain and permanent cure.
PciVgt a Diseases, Gleet, Gonorrhoea,
rnvaie Tenderness, Swelling, Conta-
gious Blood Poison, Stricture, etc., quickly
cured without pain or detention from *
business. 1
I qHiac win receive special and careful./
L,dUIC*S treatment for all their many ail-
ments.
Writ** " * WR 7 from the city, as DOCTOR
Write SWEANY ha« a system of home
treatment that Is entirely his own. Thou-
sands are cured at home. Book, "Guide
to Health," a treatise on all the organs and
their diseases, free on application. Strictest
confidence observed.
Call or address
F. L. SWEANY, M. D.,
737 Market Street
WEAK MEN AND WOMEN.
CURED AS IF BY MAGIC.
HAS .IMITATORS, BIT SO EQUALS.
t^^f^i^^ci. By fifty per cent the
fl^jte)^ By fifty per cent the
best made. Call or
Jmpi^^send for free book,
"How to Get Health
1^ and How to Keep It"
iffSSffiWtvXfi Advice of European
:ftkfi- Doctors. Climates that.
**** cure disease. ■■-.- ', \
THE VIRCHOW CO. . (LIMITED).
American Agents, 100 Stockton St., S.F.
.♦"jrfgfcj">2»fc£«i.*« '"-'' ** i» " non-poisonous
> * U^i£M remedy for Gonorrhcea,
-£2^t:Gi:F.?VgS '-:••!, Spermatorrhoea)
MBBW in Ito 6 'i»7«.^38 Whites, anoatural dis-
**M* (3a»r»oti.-e"i change, or any inflaimna-
£s~ > */ o»i to atrtctaTe. tion, irritation or ulccra-
jft~H Prtvents eocugion. tion of m neons mem-
■rT*%THEEVANS ChemicuCq. branes. >'on-astriDgen-. .
lflEaciNCimTi.o BK& **>•** by I>rnfret«tc, I
USA zS^T or 3 "" t in Plain wrpjy»" »
*WTi^Nwll^*C>a 2? express, prepaid, i\jC (
"%?<ii*^3a^r«®H fl-00. or 3 bottles, r?t.7\
»>• ■ CUlcular sent or. '-'itiosf.
s^ ©pi v m
The pur« essential extract from the native druir Con-
tains all the valuable medicinal properties of Opiu*
•without "to noxious element!!. No sickness cf storo«cln
no TomK.iig ;no costive-mas ;no headache. All DrugCisti.
' ' ■■■ "ROUTED THE FOE
WITH A CROSS-CUT
An Armed Band Surprises
Three Dupont- Street
Watchmen.
The Attacking Force Quickly
Removes an Alleged En
croachment.
• It Was All About Three Feet of
Frontage in Dispute—lnjunc
tions Issued.
A dispute over three feet of frontage
yesterday suggested a revival of early day
•scenes in San Francisco, when land claims
were settled by tbe shotgun ana bludgeon.
: Ju?t- around the northern corner of
"Montgomery avenue and I'uponl street I.
MerJe is the owner of 17:6 feet frontage,
' with a depth of 62:6 feet. Adjoining this
lot on the north is a nece of property
.' owned by V. Becca, with a frontage of 40
feet, witii an equal depth to that of
Merle's.
The odd three feet of land on Merle's
Hot have beea a bone of contention be
'jMtetn those two neighbors for year?, but
4 ;:iuc"h as both had houses built on
' ■ .ots nothing was done to settle this
dispute in a court of equity until yester
day, when per force the machinery of the
jaw was set in motion.
This action, however, had been precipi
. by a scene enacted at an early hour
m the morning by two armed bodies of
figating men coming together.
This scene was brought about by Merle
tearing down the old shanty which stood
on the lot preparatory to putting up a
better building. As soon as the walls of
th.s building had been removed Bocca
conceived the idea of takin™ possession of
what he claimed were his three feet of
property. In order to do so he bored sev
erai holes in tbe dividing wall and ran
heavy timbers through from his side out
in.:o the vacant lot of Merle. Upon those
limbers he placed studding, fastening the
same to the side of his house at a higher
elevation. Having done this during the
: time he placed three trusty vatcn
. in cuarge with instructions to hold
the fort at all hazards.
This coup d'etat was communicated to
Merle, who at once sought the advice of
his lawyer, A. Kuef, who instructed him
to remove any and ali obstructions from
his side of the Borca wall. This was ad
vice easier to give than to execute, as both
. the owner and the lawyer fouud out when
they brought their workmen to tbe scene.
The presence of three determined men was
anything but inviting to a man who had
no interest in real estate disputes.
Thus Bocca succ eded for the present in
holding his antagonist at bay, but his vic
tory was of brief duration, for yesterday
rooming at 4 o'clock, in a pelting rain
storm, übout twenty men whoso names or
residences were not given to the pub.ic ap
peared on the scene w;th crosscut saws,
and something cisc under
Their coats similar to wnat the police find
in their raids in Chinatown when the
highbinder? are out on one of their festi
val trips.
k The appearance of this bneade was too
" much for Bocca's watchmen, and as a
wise precaution they went in out of the
rain whiie the studding and timbers were
beinir removed. In the meantime Attor
ney Ruef had pavers prepared, and at 10
o'clock Judge Seawell issued injunctions
against all parties until such time as tne
dispute over the property is settled in
court;
The Sheriff lost no time in serving the
papers on Bocca, after which Merle with
drew his force and quiet has been tem
porarily restored.
THE ENDEAVOEEES.
Progress of Arrangements at Thursday '
Night's Meeting of the Committee.
The great Endeavor convention com
mittee which has charge of the arrange
. ments for the July convention met Thurs
day evening.
' There will be a chorus of several thou-
Rand voices organized, which will not be
confined to the members of the Christian
-Endeavor societies. This chorus, sup
- ported by an orchestra of over a hundred
pieces, will give a grand festival concert
" In Mechanic:;' Pavilion, on the Tuesday
evening preceding the convention. The
special music to be rendered at this con
' cert will.be printed in book form and used
• in the ordinary sessions of the conven
. tion. The book will be furnished to all
■who apply for membership in the chorus,
a deposit of 20 cents being given as evi
dence of good faith. This will be refunded
upon the return of the book after the
convention.
• Th« special music selected for the con
• vention is of the beet class of sacred songs,
and includes the following Well-known
selections: Handel's "Eallelujah Chorus"
and his "The Glory of the Lord," Wood
ward"** "Radiant Morn." Mendelssohn's
"How Lovely Are the Messengers," Gar
. rett's "Prepare Ye the Way of the Lord,"
"2 08 . 3 ' - "Oh Saviour of the World,"
#;'-*: ner's "God So Loved the World,"
.-*^bs' "Let the Peoce cf God," Kosehat's
TJiie Lord Is My Shepherd." Gounod's
•"Praise Ye the Father," Mendelssohn's
"Judge Me. O God." Gounod's "Send Out
the' Light," Buck's "God of Abraham,
. Praise" and Keller's "American Hymn."
:- All persons intending to join the great
.chorus are nrgetl to arrange meetings of
presidents and secretaries in their locan
ties to select directors for the local cho
ruses. These local directors will be in
correspondence with the general music
committee, which will begin to distribute
music about March 1.
. The committee on pulpit supply, which
has tho task of supplying each of the
churches in San Francisco whose pastors
-wish it at convention time, has recently
issued the following circular:
D^ar Brother: The approaching meeting of
the International Christian Endeavor conven
tion will-bring to our City a number of repre
r tentative clergymen from abroad.
It has been tne custom of the committee in
charge to supply the local pulpits with visit
ing brethren during convention Sunday
especially those who appear upon the conveu
- lion programme.
In oraer that this work may be facilitated
and accomplished witti the least confusion a
■ committee on pulpit supply has been ap-
. pointed by the '97 committee, through which
all appointments may be made.
If you wish your pulpit supplied upon the
E&bbaih referred to it would greatly oblige us
if you would pace your request in the hands
of the committee, who will be pleased to make
all necessary arrangement!*. Fraternally, :
William Kadek, Chairman.
» — ♦ — •
For the Children's Sake.
A Lady Washington tea will be given Tues
£%■■■ afternoon and evening, February 23, at
tffe residence of Mrs. Will E. Fisher. 1210
fatter street This entertainment will be for
the benefit of the Na;naniel Gray Free Kinder
garten. It will consist of vocal and Instru
mental music, readings, etc., and refreshments
will be served by the lady managers.
•/• » ♦ — » ■
'Tis said that few persons are more difficult
to please than a fastidious ale drinker and
none more ready to praise where merit is due.
Evans' India Palo Ale owes its widespread
popularity to that class of criterion*, fcher
uood & Sherwood, Pacific Coast Agents. *
The Famous Road House and Training: Quarters of Barney Farley, at the Junction of the Ccean
House and Old San Jose Roads, Soon to Pass Into Other Hands.
SUPERVISORS MAY
MARCH TO JAIL
Climax Is at Hand on the
Issue of Meals for
Jurors.
Judge Cook £ends in Bills
Which, £o Far, Fail to
Be Approved.
Attorney Creswell Draws a Fearsome
Picture of Courts and Yawn-
ing Dungeons.
Judge Carroll Cook of the Superior Court
has sent in three bills for meals furnished
jurors in criminal cases for the City and
County to pay. Judge Cook notiiied the
Supervisors two or three weeks ago that
he would take this course. That there
might be no mistake about, the matter, he
communicated his intention in a type
written document. Oa the other ! and,
the Board of Supervisors have adopted a
resolution not to pay any bills for jurors'
meals after February 1, 1897.
The bill-* sent in by Judge Cook number
three. Each one is for $12, the price of
one meal for twelve men of good appeiites
and keen appreciation of the good things
of life. They are dated respectively Feb
ruary 4, 5 and 12, and represent the hunper
of the juries in People against Tully,
People against Lyons an.l People against
Reynolds. They are all made out in
favor of P. J. Tecnau & Co. The bilia set
forth that the Deputy Sheriff also dined
in each case.
Yesterday afternoon Supervisor Smith,
chairman of the Judiciary Committee,
and Supervisor Lackmann had these bills
called to their notice as they sat in the
committee- room.
"I'll not approve them," said Super
visor Smith. "I will give you that
straight. Tne board has voted not to ap
prove any of these bills after February 1,
and I, for one, intend to adhere to that
programme. The jury fund 13 depleted
and will be fihausted before the end of
the liscal year. It is necessary to econo
mize. The board voted to economize in
this matter, and I had hoped that the
courts would appreciate the position."
Clerk Russell made no remark, but
automatically bundled the bills bacK into
a tin box.
Just then City and County Attorney
Creswell came in. He beard what was
going on and made some suggestions
which seemed to bring up vividly to mind
dungeon cells, prison walls, prison fare
and other conditions wacu would be un
congenial to Supervisors of tnis City and
County. He said that the Penal Code pro
vides for the meals of jurors in criminal
cases; that the C.vil Code, while provid
ing for the compensation per diem of
jurors, does not in terms conflict with the
Penal Code.
"Suppose," he said, -while a erira smile
giayed over his features, "the court shall
send down an order for the paym«>ni of
these bills and that a refusal shall be fol
lowed by the visits ol" deputy sheriffs,
and arrests, and prosecutions for con
tempt of court, and imprisonment? "
Supervisor Smith did not seem to be ap
palled by tins possible contingeucy. On
the contrary, he stood to his guns.
"I will not sign the bills," he jaid.
Supervisor Lackmann smiled benignly
and smiled more whe l a suggestion was
made that when jurors are called hereafter
they shall be requested to bring their lunch
in s tin dinner pail with a tin cup on top
from which they may drink their coffee.
City and County Attorney Creswell
shared in the general glee.
"You know, of course, that this might
be made continuous contempt," tie said,
"and you might remain in dungeons for a
long time."
"Seems to me,"' broke in Supervisor
Lackmann. "that jurors feed well. They
seem to have a uniform price of $1 per
meal, which is a little odd. Now,' he
added facetiously, "I would agree to sup
ply them witu crackers and cheese at a
less pi ice."
The Judiciary Committee did not ap
prove the bills; neither did they instruct
Cierk Russell to write to the Superior
Judge to say that they would not pay
them. They just washed thiir hands of
the whole matter by voting to refer the
bills from Judge Cook's court, along with
some others from Judge Campbell's court,
to the Finance Committee, of which
Supervisor Kottanzi is the chairman. Pos
sibly thai committee will refer the matter
to tne committee of the whole, when the
entire board can hay» the choice of either
braving dungeons vile or rescinding the
resolution which was calculated to let
jurors go hungry or pay for their own
sustenance.
—
MRS. ABBOTT LOSES.
Judge Sea well Says She Wai Not Mar
ried to Thomas 31 Quackenbuih.
Judge Seawell of the Superior Court has
decided against Mrs. Nancy A. Abbott in
her suit against Thomas M. Quackenbuih
for $.500 a month permanent alimony on
the ground that she was married to
Quackenbush by contract. She also de
manded that an order be made canceling
certain deeds which be recently executed,
pretending to transfer his $750,000 worth
of real estate to his daughter, Mrs. Esther
Swortgeur. Mrs. Abbott claims a wife's
•bare of that property,
After hearing all the testimony and ar
gument* by the attorneys Judge Seawell
said that though he did not question the
genuineness of the to-called marriage con
tract, yet under the law he believed there
was never any marriage, as Mrs. Abbott
and Mr. Quackenbush had never assumed
, thole marital duties ana relationships
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 20, 1897.
which constitute the status of husband
and wife.
Ms. Abbott fainted in court when the
decision was rendered. She soon recov
ered her composure, however, and an
nounced her intention to appeal to the
Supreme Court.
SHOE CLERKS MADE MERRY.
Two Hundred Participated in Local Ag
socialiou's "Smoker" Given Last
>'ight.
Tbe P.etail Shoe Clerks' Association of
San Francisco bad a "smoker" and a gen
eral good time Thursday night in Balboa
Hall, Native Sons' building.
There were songs and instrumental
music and recitations and a lively little
boxing bout, all furnished by members.
About 200 persons were present,
though the members of the association
number a little over ninety, including
about a dozen that were elected.
The organization is one purely for fra
ternal and social purposes. It was started
last June an i includes what are consid
ered by shoe-deHlers some of the best aud
most reliable clerks in the business.
The officers of the association are: Pres
ident, Bruce D. Goodrich; vice- president,
.1. Stanley Ewing; treasurer, Joseph P.
Griffen; recording secretary, James S.
Lynch; financial secretary, fred Kohler;
sergeant-at-arrns Joseph McGowan ; trus
teer — Martin Soloman, Willsani A. Tuck
and J. K. Lewis.
The exercises were divided into two
parts separated by the boxing bout and an
intermission. James i). Lynch presided
during the first part of the programme
and Martin Soloman during the second
part. Among those present were:
Bruce D. Goodrich, J. Stanley Ewiug, Wil
liam A. Tuck, Arthur B. Joues, John Nash,
Fred Kohler, Harry M. LaiiKi.orue, William H.
Keiih. Louis J. Heaiey, Eugene A. Healey,
Samuel McCurrey, Francis H. ilopley, James
Farmer, O. A. Hundlos, George Dyehe, Carrol
Wills, Waiter 8. Lewis, H. M. Myers, Eugene
Cohnreich, J. J. Crawford, C. P. Herman, R.W.
Lark in. Ralph Rosen bloom, R. J. Smith.
The following programme was pre
sented:
Introductory remarks, Martin Soloman;
barytono solo, James E. Donahue; comic
selections, James I. (inffen; cornet solo,
Harry L. Todd. accompanied by Mr. Thell;
barytone solo, Lieutenant Ciirleton YV. Seeley,
accompanied by Kitward Bijrelow; barytone
solo, Arthur cohnrelch; boxing bout for
points. Waiter Cortes and Mar Abrahams;
vocal solo, Ed Piner; zither t-010, M. bunuen
berg; home Mories as toid by Pop, <iraut
; barytone solo. Me yer Leipslc; recita
tion, 8. Lynch ; tenor solo, J. E. Nichols ;
'•Court Expuripucei-," James B. Lyuch; bary
tone soio, 1. K. Lewie; general bons, "A'uid
Lang byne."
CLAN FRASER'S SOCIAL.
The Scots Entertain in Honor
of George Washing
ton.
Music, Recitations, Songs and Dancing
the Features of a Pleasant
Occisicn.
Despite the rain and cold weather there
was a large gathering in Scottish Hall, at
105 Larkin street, last evening. The occa
sion was the sixth annual entertainment
and dance in honor of Washing on's birth
day under the auspices of Clan Fraser No.
78, Order of the Scottish Clans.
While the audience was gathering there
was a merry piping of the bagpipers, and
the spirit of the music was interspersed
by the appearance of the members of the
clan in cap and regalia passing to and fro
as they welcomed their guests.
On the rostrum as vice-pr sidents ot the
occasion were Past Chief T. A. Macdonald,
Irvin.' M. Scot', Mr. A kin, George Mc-
Gilvery. Chief D. R. McNeil of the Cale
donian Club, Deputy Hugh Fraser and Past
Chief EJward Kerr.
Cbiel 11. L. Crowe presided. The en
tertainment was well prepared and well
received. Amone those who received spe
cial marks of favor were the Kn cker
bocker male quartet, Findlay McGregor in
his comic songs, Mrs. Evu Wren in her
Scotci soims; MissG. Sichlau, a brilliant
young pianist; Miss It. Frances Luse, who
gave several amusing readings, and others.
Irving >1. Scott delivered an address en
titied "February 11, Old Style, 1732," in
which he paid sn eciai tribute to the fuiher
ol the country, George Washington. In
the course of his remarks Mr. Scott re
viewed the history of the colonies and of
the war of the Revolution, besides bio
graphical sketches of the principal actors
in the great drama, all of which slioas
Mr. Scott's familiarity with the early
events of this country. The programme
was as follows:
Bagpipes; overture, orchestra; "Oh, Wert
Thou in theCauld Blast?" (Kucken), Knicker
bocker male quartet— D. M. Lawrence, first
tenor ; C. M. Elliott, second tenor ; D. B. Crane,
first Lass; L. A. Larsen, second bass; (a) "The
Battleof Stirling" (with cornet obligato); (b)
Jacobite humorous song, "llame Came Our
Gudeman at Een," Findlay McGregor; Hopmno
•010, '•Bonnie Sweet Bessie" (Gilbert), Mrs. Eva
Wren: piano solo, Mi<s G. Sichlau; reading,
Miss H. Frances Lube; teuor solo, "De
vote 1" (McLanghUu). D. M. Lawrence;
address, Hon. Irving M. Scott; "The Bluebells
o! Scot and" (Bui'k), Knickerbocker male
quartet; alto *' 10. selected, Mis* Little: violin
mho, Miss C. Zinnen; duet. "Adieu" (Nicolai;,
Mrs. Wren and Mr. Lawrence: readme, Miss
K. France* Lus • ; '•Rnmanv Lias" (Adams),
CM. Elliot; "Last Nighi" (Kjerulf), Knicker
bocker male quartet; "Auld Lang Syne." audi
ence, led by orchis ra and quartet; Mrs. D. M.
Lawrence, accompanist.
After the entertainment dancing was
indulged in to a late hour. This was un
der the direction of the following gentle
men: Floor manager, \V. K. King; floor
committee — Jam** Rodgers, James Doug
las. D. M. T. McLeiiuan, R. W. J. Telfor,
T. A. Mucdonald.
Scraped Live Fish.
Officer Delmer of the Society for the Preven
tion ot Cruelty to Animals arrested Lee Ong
Chow and Hang Chang yesterday in China
town. They are two out of the large number
of flßh-deulers in Chinatown who are accused
of Keeping live fish in tubs of water and when
a customer appears scrape the fish before kill
ing them. Numerous complaints have been
handed in, and a test case will be made ox
these two Chinese,
READY TO FIGHT
BY GREECE'S FLAG
The Local Greek Company
Will Leave in Three
Weeks.
Vrettos, Formerly of the Greek
Army, Has Been Appointed
Leader.
They Are Now Three Hundred aad
Will Bj Three Thousand Eefare
They Arrive.
Three hundred sturdy and patriotic
Greeks, beaded by P. Vrettos of this City,
will leave for the scene of hostilities in
Crete in the course of tbe next three
weeks. They will stop en route at the
larger cities, and are confident that their
numbers will be increased to something
like 3000 by the lime they reach Is'ew
York.
The Greek Consul in that city has beer.
| communicated with and will, it i 3 under
■ stood, furnish the necessary transporta
tion expenses. The company will pro
ceed from New YorK to Havre, thence to
Paris, Marseilles and Athens, the Grecian
capital.
Mr. Vrettoj, as previously stated in
theso column?, formerly served in the
Grecian army. He attained the rank of
sergeant during Ihc trouble with Turkey
over the attempt on the part of the GreeK
Government to beize certain- territory in
Epirus in 1880.
He was stationed with his reciment at
Profithiilias. in Thessaiy, ?ome five miles
from Mount Olympus, and while there
participated in more than one exciting
brush with the enemy, in one of winch he
received two bullet wounds in the right
leg.
"1 didn't think much of the Turk as a
soldier, ' said Mr. Vreitot last night. "I
remember an incident during the cam
paign 1 speak of wnicb confirmed me in
that opinion. Major Lorn* was killed at
Contra, about (en miles from Proliihillia?,
and the command devolved upon a man
named Yataganas, who, witti no more
than three corporals and twenty-two pri
vates behind h;m, charged and routed 300
Turks, slaying 10J of that number."
Mr. Vrettos has lived nine years in
America, though the remaining members
of his family reside in the mother coun
try. He was careful to add that neither
ho nor his companions have any inten
tion of permanently abandoning the
United States. 'If alive when the tan is
' all over," said Mr. Vrettos ingeniously,
"we will return to California."
MRS. BLATTNEE'S TENANT.
Summary Method* Adopted to i jcot
1 nprofltable Occupant*
Mary M. UJpttner, who owns the flat! at
232 Natoma street, has just got rid of
some objectionaole tenants by a self-act
ing process of ejection.
A man named Donovan rented one of
the flats for another tenant, who did not
pay up and who would not move out.
Mrs. Blattner's agent waited until he
lound the tenant away, and then with
some carpenters he removed and caned
away every door ami window in the house.
In this case the hint was equal to ih»
occasion, !hat a removal would be accept
able to Properly -owner Uiattner, and by
the way of accommodating that individual
the Cerf household goods followed in the
wake of the wagon with the doors and
windows.
When the tenants returned the houie
was uninhabitable, and the household
eoods were at once removed to more con
gen ml quarters.
Cut Government Treea.
An action was begun yesterday in the Fed
eral court against William Hobart for Cut
ting down thirteen trees on Government laud
n biskiyoa »-'■ unty. These trees were cut into
weuty-*ix cords of wood, which Hobart sold
n town lor $78.
NEW TO-DAT.
§ The Decline
of Manhood.
When a young man 'learns the ropes" of social excess and dlssipa
tlon an I forgets bis manly ambition be enters upon the most dangerous-
period of bis career. The temptations of a fas. Lite, frivolous habits and
the pursuit of worldly pleasures, lekd young men to forget their mai-
hood. Ten years of Ufa are often crowded Into five In the effort to make
the most of It. Constitutions are wrecked, nerves shattered and the
finer sensibilities of the man give way to coarse, deb Ring desires. Then,
come sleepless nights, evil dreams, nlijht sweats, shaky nerves, drains
and losses. The bright spark cis gone from i he eye. The step loses it 3
elasticity. The marks of excess and dissipation are written plainly on
the features, and you area wreck who might have teen a better man
THINK OF IT! Is there no hope T Yes. Nature has provide! a
T"~ remedy for men who have abused her gifts, KlectrlcUy Is your hope. By
Its toning ana invigorating effects on your nerves yon can build up your ,
weakened system, strengthen the shattered nerves and restore the vital-
ity that you have wasted.
DR. SANDEN'S ELECTRIC BELT
Has made it possible to nse nature's remedy la assisting nature to overcome the evil effects of dissi-
pation and excesses. To do this well is what has given to Dr. Sandea's K.ectric Belt
IT'S WORLD-WIDE REPUTATION.
Every spark is a wave of animal life, giving ew energy to the body. Thousands of men are prais-
ing Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt. Its touch Is the touch of magne.ism, the healthful essence of vitality
that makes strong men and women. Read Dr. Sanden's new book, "Three Classes of' Men." It U
Bent free, sealed, by mali to all who cannot call at the office. A personal call or a study of this book
may save you years of suffering and misery. Call or address '/,
S-A^l>JX333Kr bubctrio CO.,
632 MARKET ST., OPPOSITE PALACE HOTEL, SAN FRANCISCO.
Office hours— 3 A. M. to 8 P. M. ; Sundays, It) to I. Los Angela* Office 204 South Broad-
way : Portland. Or.. 253 Washington street; Denver. Colo., 933 Sixteenth street.
M/ii..— ii»kt no mlsbue m iheuuiuDer— 532 Market street.
"FREE CUBA" IS
THE POPULAR CRY
New Friends Join the
Lccal League Each
Day.
Mayo:' Phelan Expresses His
Sympathy With the
Movement.
Many People Write Letters and the
Committee Plans for a Public
Meeting
There were many callers at the Cnban
headquarders yesterday, and Secretary
Mascherini was busy explaining to them
the progress of the local movement.
"Wo shall be obliged to issue some
definite circulars on the subject," he said
last night, "for it requires too muc 1 time
to explain to peop.e just what we mean.
There ia scarcely a day passe 3 i at we do
not get offers of men to go on the fields of
battle, but that is not what we want. The
Cubans cannot be aided in violation of
international laws and treaties."
Each of the fifty-eight committeemen
selected by the league to co-operate with
Colonel Ethan Allen and Charles A. Dana
of New York yesterday received a letter
from ihe Mayor of San Francisco notify
ing him of his appointment. The loilow-
Ine is a copy of the letter sent by the
Mayor to the committeemen:
Pear Sir: Pursuant to a request nf the Cnban
League of the United Slates I have appointed
you to net as one of a committee 01 fifty to
organize a branca of the bald league In this
City. The object of tne Cuban League is to
enlist ihe sympathies of our citizens in be
half of the Cutai.s in their struggle for inde
pendence. I believe it to be our duty to
assist the Cuban patriots and trust you may
find it possible to g.ve the movement your
earnest support. Very truly yours.
James D. Phelan, Mayor.
James W. Orndorff is one of the best
known members of the committee, which
is in every particular a representative
body. By reason of his wide acquaint
ance with frontiersmen and pioneers he is
in a position to know the feeling on the
Cuban question in a definite way. Speak
ing of the subject yesterday he said :
"There is a wonder.'ul sentiment in
favor of the strugglers who are battling
for freedom against Spanish brutality.
Were this Government to taKe a hand in
the matter it would be easy to revive the
old light lor liberty. I do not think the
Government ought to meddle in the mat
ter, but we ought to give Cuba our moral
support. '
The following is a sample of the letters
tbr.t come to the committee daily:
102 N. Fourth Street, San Jose, >
Feb. 17, IM)7. )
Messrs. Jones and JTascherini— . rak Sirs: To
you and your fellows in Cuba's cause tut free
dom! 1 most ie>l you that my heart leaps
with joy to learn that in San Francisco bo
many noble, unselfish hearts beat In sympa
thy for their struggling brothers on Cuba's
Isle. I say God speed your endeavors to gain
and safely convey to them the aid they sorely
need to speedily drive i heir foe Deyond their
gates. la my. youth ill Pnterson, X. J., I knew
many of the sons of wealthy planters of Cuba
who married into our best families— married
New Jersey's patriotic, blue-eyed girls, and
man of our blue-eyed sons and brothers went
to Cub* and wed Us dark-eyed maids. ■_
May the freedom-loving children in Uncle
Sam's domain remember the time when their
sires were in need of aid to gain the freedom
we now enjoy. God bless you.
Mrs. a. Asberry.
The developments of the past two weeks
have shown that there is perhaps a
warmer feeling for Cuba in this City and
on the Pacific Coast than anywhere in the
Union.
UNIQUE ART EXHIBITION.
The Art of Making and Writing Suc
cessful Advertisement* l-ully
Illustrated.
It is a novel exhibition that has just
been opened at 22)4 Geary street by
Wilder & Co. Tastefully arranged on the
walls of their offices are hundreds of
advertising sketches and posters, includ
ing everything from the simple and time
honored wood cut to the elaborate and ef
fective affairs in black and white that
have marKed the end of the century meth
ods.
The process of making an advertise
ment, is shown in its various stages, as
well as the various changes and trans
formations it undergoes' from the ticne it
leaves the bauds of the artist until it ap
pears before the reader, either in the
newspaper or magazine.
The exhibition has proved a powerful
attraction. In addition to scores of busi
ness men and merchants, classes irom the
Mark Hopkins Scnoot ol Art were among
ihe many visi;ors yest-rday.
Advertisement making and writing is
rapidiy developing into a di«tinct profes
sion, and the exhibition of Wilder & Co.
is a revelation of the rapid progress it is
making, as well as the unique methods
and devices emoloyed by business men to
attract the public eye to their wares.
Phillips Will ot Run.
L. E. Phillips has resigned from the ticket
for the next election at the Mechanics' Insti
tute. He u a« given as a reason that the sup
porters of the proportional and preferential
system of voting tmve sent out ea.upaign
literature in direct violation of an agreement
not to do so.
RAILROAD ' TRAVEL:
bo;iiiib\ I>ACIHC co»pai«t.
• ' (rAOino NvmiiM.)
K'rnlna Irat <• .-mil 1110 <lu<9 to arrive al
MAN riC 4 N«'l»»<'«»
I.KAVE — Fbom February 16, 1897 — arbive
-«:<»• a HBSS, Kan Jose and Way Stations. S:4sa
7:«>Oa Atlantic Express, Ug'len and Rast.. 8:15*
7:00 a Benicia, VacaTille, Kum«ey. Sacra-
mento. Oroville and Redding via
Davis .- 0:45p
7:*oa Martinez, San Ramon, Vallcjo, Napa,
Calutoga and Kant Rosa 6:13 •
8:U0a Niles, Kan .1030. HtocktOU, lone,
Sacramento, Marysville, Chico,
Tcnaina ami Red Bluff -t-.tiir
•■:3Oa Peters aud Jliltou "?:15»
9:o»i a Nanr Orleans i'jxpress, Raymond (for
.Yosamltb). l'resno, Bakerslield,
Santa llurtiara, l.ua Angeles, Dem-
ing, El I'a.so, Hew Orleans and
East 4:4.1p
9:OOa Martinez and Stockton 4i4.1p
O:OOa Vallejo 0:13*
Kilos. San J<>ge, Livermore and
Stockton 7:15p
•I:OOp Sacramento River Steamers '» iOO p
IsOOi 1 Niles, San Jose and 1 ivermore A:43a
fI:UAp I\,rt Costa and Way Stations 17:15*
•sM« Martinez, San Uamon, Viiilejo,
Napa, Calistoga, Xl Verauo and
Sauta Rosa '. 9>l3a
4:OOp Benicia, VacaTille, Woodland.
Heights Lauding, Marysville, Oru-
villu and Sacramen'o 11:13 a
4i3op Lathrop, Stockton, Modesto, Mer-
ci- and Fresno, going via Niles,
returning via Martinez 11:45 a
5:OOp Los AngeUs Express. Tracy,
Fresno, Sa.L.ta Barbara and Los ,,.
Augeles /.45A
BiOOp Santa l'o Route, Atlantic Kxpreu -
for Mojavu and East J- -«5A
6:oft European Mai!, Ogdon and Hast.... 9:4 A
6:001 Hujwards, NUesand San Jose 7:4.1 a
J7:ooi' Vallejo t7:45»
7:OOi* Oregon Express, Sacramento, Marys.
vllle, ItexliUiiK. Portland, l'ugek
Sound ami East ll:13>
"Sunset Limited." Fresno, Los
Angeles, HI Faso, New Orleans
and Eagt j!B:4si»
SANTA CltllZ l>lVi>l(>N (Narrow t.auu'e).
•:13a Newark. <'eiiterviUc,Sun.l»se.Felton,
. . lioi:U r Creek, Santa Cruz and Way
Stations SiSOr
•3:l8p Newark. Centerville, SanJo«e,New
Alinaden, Felton, lioukler Creek,
Santa Cruz and Principal Way
Stations Ml :20a
4:1.1i> Newark. Ban .loss and Los Catos ... 9:50*
tll:15p Hunters' Excursion, San Jose and
■ Way Stations tTtgOp
COAST l>l VISION (Tliird A loiiiikoihl Ms.)
Gi43a San .lose and Way Stations (New
Almaden Wednesdays only) lt3or
S:l3ASan .lose, Tres I'iuoH, Santa Cmz,
Pacific tirore. Paso Rul>lcs, San
Luis OMsiHi, Guadalupe, Surf, aud
Principal Way Stations 7:OOp
lll:to.«. San Jose ami Way Stations 5:OOp
I1:3Oa Palo Alto and Way Stations a:U0»
■St3Op San Mateo, Menlo Park. Nan .lose,
Gilroy, Tre« Piuos, S;-.iita Cruz,
• Salina3,Monterey and PaciQcGrove *IO:4O\
•3::i(lpSan Joso »n>l Way Stations &:4.1a
•-l:3oi'Saw .Jew and Way Stations •»:O3a
3:3(»r Ha . joso ami Principal Way Stations *8:43 a
O:»Wi- San Jose and Way Stations li::t.~i a
111:431' San Jos.- an.l Way s;,ui..ns 17:-I5p
SAN LEA.MMtO AM* 11AVUAK1K LUCAI,.
(•G:OOa : . I ~~ ( 7:15 a
8:0« a 1 r»:43A
1oo»a I "elrose, Seminary Park, JV-is*
"•Loop FiUhbur»,S«LM«dro \f:\*l
8:««r an< l 4:4.')P
4:(>Op muu 1 5:13p
S 3or Haynarda. 7:45p
7:OOp B:4"ii
»:o;>i> * Runs tbrongh to Niles. lolsop
\\ll:ir>p) ' tromMles. ttH2:OOy
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
from SAX mHCISCO— Foot of Market Strwt (Slip 8)— - A .-.-.
•7:15 9 : ro 11:00 a.m. ±1:03 »2:00 ±3:CO
•1:00 tB:C3 •6::3p.K.
rrorn OAEUSD— Foot of Br»»d w»t.-~ *6:00 8:00
10:00 a.m. tl2:00 *l:03. 13:00 »3:00 ti.o3
•g:OOr.M.
A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
* Sundays excepted. "?..•■>.: \ Saturdays only.
.*.»,. — t Sunday* only.
tl Monday. Thursday and Saturday nights only.
VTuecidajs and Saturdays. I Sundays and Thursdays.
lORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD
(Via Sausallto Ferry). .... \\
sTNea Baa Francisco, Commtsclog Kept. 1& 1831
WSBKOATTSL
mum Valley and San Rafael— «7i2s, *9tl&
ll:o© a. M.; *1:45, 3:45, "6:15, *5:4b, :30 p.h
Extra trips for Baa Rafael on Mondays, Wed«»»
Aaraand Saturdays at 11 -.30 r. m.
SUNDAYS
For Mill Valley and San Kafael— :00, "10: C»
•11:30 a. v. ; •l:K0, 3:00, -4 ;0. 6:16r. at.
Trains marked run to san Uueutio. •"-•
THROUGH TRAINS.
For Poict Reyes and way stations— a. m.
Weekdays, 8 H)0 a. m. Sundays, 1:45 it x. ESato*
tays.
i«r Cassdero and wav stations— 7 J2* a> M. irMH
f*7f i *i4B »■• »• i»iv«rdaj>_
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
SM FR4SCISCO & NORTH PA-
CIFIC RAILWAY CO.
Tiburon Ferry— Foot or Market-:.
Fan Francisco to San Rafael.
WEEK DAYS— 7:3O, 9:00, 11:00 a.m.: 13:3\
3:30, 6:10. 6:30 P. M. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11 -.30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:58
and 11:30 r. m.
BDNDAYS-S:00. 9:30, 11:00 A. X.; I:3a 3:3»
6:00. 6:20 p. n.
San Kafaal to «fin rrnnclico.
WEEK DAYS— 6:IS, 7:50, 9:20. 11:10 a. it-
-13:45, 3:40, 6:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra
at 1:65 p. v.. and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— y:.u, 8:40. 11:10 a. k: 1:40, 3: UX
6:00, 6:25 p. U.
Between San Francisco and Bchuetzen Park sam*
schedule as above
Leave T .«_-. Arrive
San Francisco. Oct. 14. San FranclscoL
Week I Sax- u^ifn^iian Svx ' I Week
Days. ! days, Uwination. nAY 3 _Davsl^
7:30 am 8:00 am Novato, 10:40 am"- 8:40 ajc
3:3opm 9:30 am Petaluma, | 6:10 pm 10:25 Ait
6:10 5:00 pm Santa Rosa, j 7:35 pm| 6:22 PK
Fulton,
7:30 am Windsor, 10:25 am
Healdaburg,
'l ytton,
Geyserville,
3:30 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:38 pm 6:22 pm
l'ieta,
Hopland <&
7:30 am 8:00 am • Uklah. 7:35 pm 6:22
7 -30 am 10:25 a*
8:00 am ! Guerne villa. 7:35 pm
3:30 I 6:22 PK
7:30 am 8 .00 am Sonoma 10:40 am 8:40 AM
and
6:10 pm 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. 6:10 pm 6:22 PM
7:30 AMI 8:00 AMI gehastODoL i 10:40 AM. 10:2 • AM
3:3opm|s:oopm| 60 * 810 01 - | 6:10 pm| 6:22 pk
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark Wes:
Springs; at Geyserville for Ska^gs Springs; at
Cloverdale for tiie Geysers; at Pieta for Highland
Springs, KelBeyville, Sod* Bay and l-akeport; at
Hopland for Lakeport and Bar: act Springs; at
Uklah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga Springs, Blno
Lakes, Laurel Deli Lake, Upper Lake. Fomo, Potter
Valley. John Day's, Riverside, Llerley's, Buck-
cell's, Sannedrin Heights. Huilville, Booneville,
Oreenwood, Orr's Hot Springs. Mendoclno City,
Fort, Brags, Westport, Usal, Wtl.eti. Canto, Co-
velo. Laytonville, Harris, Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets atreduoej
rates.
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all points be-
yond baa Rafael at half ra-.<w»-
Ticket Offices. 650 Market St., Chronicle traHdlnj.
A. W. FOSTER, R. X. RYAN,
rr a. and Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent.
Atlantic
Trains leave ani arriva at TO jJSfJSPIiiFimA
*larkei-atreet Ferry. r*^r^^^S£3
SAUTA iFtXPRESS. WgSn
To Chicago via A. Hi P . <*sPs£?§o\!n>%
Direct Line *^B^Si£^^^
Leaves da ly a. 5: p. m.. cam-ins Pullman Falac*
f)rawlng-rootn and Modern Upuolstered Tourljt
Bieeplng-r^rs, which run dally through to Chicaga
via Kansas City. Annex cars for Denver and Su
Louis.
Boston Kxcurslnns, v'a Kansas City, Chicago^
Montreal and the Whits Mountain* leave ev*ry
li.esday. -\ ...
The best railway from California to the East.
Bew rails, new lies; nodust: interesting scenery,
ma good meals in Harvey's dining-rooms.
San Francisco Ticket Olße*, 644 Market
St., Chronicle Building. Tolephonellala
1631. O^kUud, ills Jruuawuy.
lOUHT TMALPAIS.
Trains connect with North Paolo's
Coast Kail road.
WEKK DAYS*— l^-ave S. F. 9:15 a. M. 1:4") p.m.
Returning— Arrive S. K. 3:25 p M. 6:20 p m.
SUNDAYS- Le*vea.F.BA. M 11:30 a.m. i:3OrM.
Returning— Arrive S.F. 1:15 p.m. 4:20 p.m. 7:35 p.Jt"
Tickets for sale in Mill Valley or
THO-. COuK & >O.NS, tial Market St., S. V.
Mill Valley and Mount laaulpais boealc Kali w»,
toe m FR'.ACiSCO S3 SAXJjAQULI
HUM RAILWAY COMPAiIf.
F«U: M A dan/: UY 31> 1897> PaMenS<Sr ™»*
-^pnihbound. Stations. Northbonni
":-' ! a. M Stockton 5:40 p «
9:49 a. m Merced S:l4piL
11:. 0 a m Fresno l:10p HE]
lor Intermediate statloas see tlm«,-tabla
Connecting steHtnboats of the C. N. & I C*
leave ban Francisco aiid Stockton at 6 km, d'ali/.
910
THE COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SIMMAKV OF THE MAUK.JLTS.
H'ver unchanged.
Wheat and Barley quiet,
O.;s, Corn and Kye dull.
Bay weak.
No change in Eean* or Seeds.
Potatoes. Onions :■ n.l Vegetables about the same.
Butter and cheese easy. Eggs weak.
Poultry quiet. name out of favor.
Fresh Fruit dull.
• iocs of Oranges lighter.
Provisions inactive.
Hides, Wool an 1 Hops about the same.
Ilo.s scarce and firm. Beef and Mutton easy.
t-u«ar advanced.
OVKRLA.ND SHIPMENTS.
Overland shipments of freight from Ncrhfrn
and Central California to the East via Southern
Pacific lines In January were 1K.157 tons, as fol
lows: From Son Francisco. 10,564 tons: Oakland,
1266: San Jose, 1418; Stockton, 27-': -an Joa
quin Va ley, 2209; Sacramento, 2750; Marysvillc,
62».
The leading items were: 79) tons Beans, 354 do
Borax, 72.000 gals Brandy. 814, do Wine,
3'-'i6 ions Canned (Joods. 49 do Decidnon* Fruit,
38 do Cl trig bruit. 1417 do Dried Fruits. 13&5 do
lialsins. 27 do Nuts, 16 do Honey, 251 do Hops,
317 Hides. 414 do Leather. S4 do Hay, 655 do
I owder, 440 .'.ii Potatoes. 3tid do Vegetables. 114
<to Quicksilver. 884 do Wool, 4*o 1 aimed salmon.
1755 - _•..:. 147 go Coffee, 2jO do Tea, and 409
do It ice.
SOME FAVORABLE FKATDKES.
street's says the more favorable features of
business include sales of 300,000 tons of steel rails
on the collapse of the pool, which promises work
for tl.e mills for months to come; the advance in
the price of print cloths following the sales of
750,000 pieces from accumulated stocks, and the,
starling up of a number of important metal and
Industrial estuoliqhraents throughout the East and
Middle States. There is a model r.'te increase in de
ma'.(l for piziron at Piiisbur-. and purchases have
been made by St. 1 0 is stovemakers. Consider
able activity is reported in bemlocic leather, for
which tne price is higher,and Am- rican purchases
Of wool at the late 1 ood»n sale amount to 45.000
bales, the heaviest to: at any one such sale sin. c
the speculative buying there by Americans prior
to the going Into eflect"bf the BlcKlnley tariff.
THE WEEK'S FAILURES.
The Bradstr«*t Mercantile Ajrency reports 33
'rf't;r»pfor the Pacific C<>ast States and Terrltorlei
fir the week ondinc yesterday as compared with 29
Ict the previous week and 16 'or the corresponding
meeKOl 1!?P6. The failures are divided among the
trades as follows: 2 restaurants, 1 teamster, 2
Jewelry, 1 carpenter, 1 general store, 1 boarding"
house, 1 men's furnish nz, 1 dears, 6 grocers, 1
drugs, 1 furniture and carpets - hotels, 1 rnillni
«- ■■-, ldair>>. 1 manufac urer sewer nlpe, i insur
ance, 1 livery, 2 liquors, 1 plum ber, 1 clothing and
dry goods, 1 shoes. 2 notions, 1 transfer company.
p C/esr 3 Partly Cloudy
9 Cloudy <B) ham ® Snow
Explanation.
The arrow flies with the wind. The top flpnre*
•t station Indicate maximum temperatnr* for the
days: those underneath it. if any. the amount of
ralntall, cf melted snow in Inches and huudredths.
during the past twelve hours. Isobars, or soli'l
lines, connect pcin s of equal air pressure; iS'J
therms, or dotted lines, equal temperature. The
word "bieh" means high harometric pressure and
Is usually accompanied by fair weather: "low"
rtfers to low pressure, and is usually preceded
and accompanied by cloudr weather and rains.
••Lows" ally first appear on the Washington
coast. When the pressure is high in the interior
and low along the coast, and the isobars extend
north and south alone the ci.-a :t. rain is probable:
but when the "low is Inclosed with Isobars of
marked curvature, rain south of Oregon is improb
•ible. Wltha"hi«h" In (he vicinity of Idaun, and
the pressure falling to the California" coast, warmer
weither may be expected In summer and colder
weather in winter. The reverse of these conditions
trill «»oduce anVpposite result.
WEATHER BUREAU REPORT.
United States Department of Aoricul
tdre. Weather ±jukkau, san Francisco, Feb.
19, 1897, sp. m. Weather conditions and general
forecasts:
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to date
as compared with those of the same date last sea
son and rainfall durum the past 24 hours:
Eureka, this season . last season 24.73,
past 24 hours .00; lied Bluff 20.14, last season
13.83. past 24 hours .52: San Francisco, 37.67.
lust season 12.42. past 24 hours .39; Fresno 8 27,
last season 4.09, past 24 hours .08: San Luis Oblspo
47, last season 1?.25, past 24 hours .81; Los
Angeles 13.41, last season 5.91, past 24 hours .76:
Ban Diego b..'6. last season 4.44, past 24 hours
.52; Vuma 4.66, iast season .46, past 24 hours
trace.
ban Francisco data— Maximum temperature 48.
minimum 38. mean 43.
lie storm, which was central last night off the
Northern Californlan coa.it has apparently re
curved to the westward. <>nlv a slight dipreKsion
In \Vesurn Washington Is visible thi-< eveili
Earn along the coast and snow east of the Cas
cades and Sienas has been eect-ral throughout tbe
entire region west of ihe llocky -'.loun.ains. except
In Western Washington. High southwesterly
winds have prevailed nlons the Northern Califof
nian coa^t. There has been an improvement in
the weather conditions to-day: hut it seems proba
ble that the storm will npain approach the coast,
accompanied by high wind-* and rain. Unusually
cool weather is reported this evening from all sta
tions In California.
Forecast made at '•an Francisco for 30 hours,
ending at midnight, February 20. 1897.
Northern 1 alitornla— showers in south portion,
rain in nor: portion Saturday : brisK southwest
erly probably shifting to southeasterly winds.
southern <. ailfornla— Probably showers Satur
day; li_-b;. variable winds.
.Nevada— (Generally fair Saturday.
Utah— Generally lair Saturday.
Arizona—Generally fair Saturday.
!-an Francisco an«i vicinliv—Occasional rain
Saturday; brisk westerly probably shlfiing to
southwesterly winds.
W. li. Hammon. Forecast Official.
NEW YORK MARKETS.
Financial.
SEW YORK.. N. V., Feb.l9.-The stock mar
ket was duller than evt r tc-day, the transactions,
106,123 shares, reaching tbe smallest total for any
day this week. The business was almost entirely
for professional account. In the early trading the
tendency of prices was downward, owing to the
receipt of lower quotations from London, where
securities were depressed by warlike news from
Crete. The foreigners were sellers of International
stocks in tn:s market and this encouraged the bear
dealers, lhe continued heaviness of toe coal
stock* also exercised »n adverse influence witn
the Grangers, which were lower for a time on un
founded rumors that the Burlington and Quincy
dividend would be reduced. The gr ales decline
was in New jersey Central, which yielded 2 points
10 953/. Theoth.-r losses were l/s to % per cent.
Wiion It became known that the directors of the
Burlington had decided on the usual quarterly
dividend of 1 per cent a decided change in the
temper of speculation took place. The buying was
confined chiefly to the shorts, but nevertheless
prices recovered ygtol^i per cent all along the
line. Leaiher preierred. Jersey Central and Lack
awanua led the upward movement. Luke shore
was exceptionally buoyant, rising 3s /a. The ad
vance brought out comparatively little stock, as
. FINANCIAL
CHICAGO GRAIN, PROVISIONS
AND NEW YORK STOCKS.
WMEELOCK & CO.,
4 Leidesdorff St.. Tel. Main 1954.
«-f.ntiia I. Of > tCM
f2S Market St., Palace Hotel. Pur It * Atkinson,
Managers. Tel. Alain 5144.
Uptown Office— Baldwin Hot:! (adjoining Grill
1.00m.i. Tel. Main luBl.
PURDY. ATKINSON & CLAPP, Manacers.
Crders instantly executed on latest market q*e>
Utloß*. Ksierence Ist National £ank. S. 9.
CHICAOO. JfJttlVAXifi Yfliiti. ISXW YUOS.
the day drew to « Cose 'he bears showed more
confidence and succeeded in bringing about a Ken
eral reaction of 1,4 to 1 per cent, Jersey Central,
Manhattan and Leather i>ein^ noticeably heavy. |
The general market dos*d burely »:ei>dy In tone.
Luke Shore jumped % _'R g , while Jersey Central j
lost 11*.
In the total transactions Burlington and Quincy
fi.tred for 12,400 shares. Sugar 12,200 and Head
>ne 10.500.
The bond maoket was Irregular Hales footed
up *1, 774,000. Hockiug Valley consols fell IV*
to b'SVa. 1. 11 afterward recovered aid c.ced 2
points higher on the day at 67. Inoinna, Bloom
ingiou »u<l Western first sevens rose 1,4. Kansas
City an 1 Pacific lir-l fours. 4; standard Roue and ;
Twine sixes, 3 ¥ : Texas Pacific first. 34. and West
ern North Carolina first conso.idH sixes, 1.
Cnton Pacific Hnkinc. Jtind s.xes fell 1 io9-Vi:
r.iion Kievated slxos, 1: Kanawha and Michigan
first fours, 1. and Kentucky fours, i.
in Government bonds coupon fours of 1897-1938
sold at 1221/3. and coupon four* of 190? at 113
and do regular at 112.
Grain.
ri.orr — Easy, dull. Winter wheat. low
trades. $'.' 80@3 :'O; fair 10 fancy, $4 45©
4 60- do patents. »4 bOr&4 65: Minnesota c ear,
! $310&2<tt£: no straights. $4i«i I .5: do patents. ,
I *3 10(^4 85; low extios. *•-' :>i-(*:> 30; Cly Mills.
i f-itot-i '.<J. do 1 »ien..s, ?4 80@5o6: Hye mixture.
42 90@a 50: superfine, |2#a 85; fine, $1 90((fi- :o. ,
southern Boar, dull. wtnK: common 10 fair
extra, $.i 20t&.i 50: eood to ihoice do. $3 5U(*5.
Kye Hour, quiet, steady, .-1 92 60(8,3.
COICN MEAL— DuII, steady. Yellow Western,
f 1 75(j£l -.'•.
KYE— Dull, firmer. Western. 383.ic.
BA KI.KY- Hrm, quiet; feeding, -t I.I,'JR '2 C C. 1.
f. Buffalo.
W ll EAT— Spot quiet, dull, stronger with options :
f. o. b., !»Uc; ungraded reJ, "•.'@9lc; No. 1 North
ern. 86 /4C.
option^ were active at.d strong at a: IVic ad
vance on firmer cables, .reign buying, war iwllc
and foreign t'ollonicg the West with local shorts
covering, May and-Juiy most auive. N'a 2 red,
Febnary, 86V4C: iJ<rch : 833 4 c: April. S2S»c: '
May. 82c: January, 8i»»c; Jui...7e»4c; bepum- '
ber, 77c.
11 ntN Quiet, firm.
Op:ions dull and firm at y a c advance. May
and July only traded in. February, 2954 C; May,
»03/ s c.
OATS— Firm, higher. No. 3. 201,40: No. 3|
white. 2is,ic; mixed Western. 21Sic; white West- i
crn, 22@3uc; white State, 22@30..
ProTi«i«iiß.
LARD-Qulet: stronger. Western st*am. $4 20, i
I nominal; City, $3 80; -May, M 35. nominal; re-
MntQ, dull; uiniini-ii 1 *4 45; south American, ;
$4 65; compound. -i(a.4' -jz.
j ui;K- Quiet, quiet; Liew mass, $8 25(&8 75.
1 Vl l 111— Fancy, steady; moderate demand.
Western creamery, Im&'JOc; do iactor<\ 10@
13i^c. Blgins, 2Uc; Imiiaiion creamery. ll@16c; ,
rolls, 8@,13c
iHi tHi — Firm, fair demand. Part skims, '
6@9Vbc; full skims. : j @3V 2 c
i-.ijC.s — Firm. Ueliouse, case. $2 "5@3 30;
Western fresh. 19c: limed, llV»(^13i 3 c
COTTONSEED ul. — rlrm, quiet; crude, '20& ,
lOV^c: ye;iov prime. 2-i/2®.4c
RlCE— Firm, good demand; unchanged.
MiiLAbSES— Fairdemuud. steady. New Orleans,
18©30 c
COKFEE— Fair demand, s eady. unchanged to
10 |otn.sup. February. $9 o.®i» 10; May. $9 15 |
GJ9 25: July ad epteinber, S9 2U; December, ,
*0 20@9 25. si,o; Bio quiet, easy; No 7, B 7 sc.
UAH— Fair demand. No 9, 3 1»-j6o;
No. 13, SVic ¥ »>: off a, 4@4V«c 1* tt>; moid, [
4 ■'■„.■: stuudi<rd, i'gc; conieci oners, 4'4c:
cut loaf, sc; crushed, oc; powdered, 4f;gc; granu
lated, 43,gc; cubes, 4. > B e.
i rait and Produce.
APRICOTS— 9@llc.
J At. I: Kr— Peeieo, boxes lri 2®lsc; unpetled, '
bags 7@9c
i Xl NJta— Fo«r sizes, 43 /4 ©sc.
RAIBINB— Two crown L. M., 41,ic; three
crown, Si.ic; four crown, 6®6^c; Lonuon layer*,
31 3581 *5: clusters. $1 40($l 83.
A MUNIiS — soft btiell. B@9U,c; paper (hell,
110] 2c.
A UTS-Standard. 7@9c:do soft shell, 9c.
H«..Pb— Firm. ii-ciric Coast. o*l 3c.
WOOL — >inn. Moderate demand. Domestic
fleece, 22@23c; pulled, lb©3lc; Texas, 7@l^c
Merchandise.
riOlßON— Moderate demand. American, $11 I
@12 50.
1 OPPFR— Firm. L:ike. SIZ
LtAl- s:ea .y. Doire«-K. *3 25@3 50.
■• jN —Quiet. Straits, *13 35©13 50: plates
fairly active.
t=Pt.LILR-Qule:. Domestic. *4@4 05.
CHICAGO MARKETS.
CHICAGO, Ir.i,. Feb 19 —Wheat this morning j
acted with the same firmness which was an
attribute early in the week, sentiment continued
to overshadow other considerations. Advices from
Liverrool did not convey any particular encour
agement, they being but 141 higher than yester
day, and therefore not sufficiently strong to re !
fleet fully our advance of yesterday. Receipts in
the Northwest were fair at 235 cars against 256 a i
year «go. Chicago received 21 cars and inspected
out 66, 1 40 bushels English consols were steady, I
j itdicaiing no uneasiness IB that country regard- i
ins: the out' ome of the present Grecian trouble.
Closing Continental cables were higher, Export
clearances were liberal at 423.976 bushels. The
market maintained its firm tone throughout, at
taining the highest figures of the day near the
cic se, the buying being induced by the export
clearances and by a reported artillery engagement
between Turks and Grecians. May wheat opened
from 75l B clu7J'/g.-, advanced to 7b l a c, closing
at 76Vi(fl<"t>3/ g c, X higher than yesterday. Esti- I
mated receipii for to-morrow, 18 cars. No. 2 red, |
tpotfwh'-at ranged fiom 841 4c to S6V2C, closing
about 851,4Q88Mic.
lOKN— i_'i riveil strength and firmness from I
wheat. A fair trade was noted, speculation begin- ,
ning .0 show some little activity. Prices advance.! '.
fractionary and held th- gain "steadily. Receipts ■
were •_';-! 7 cars, and 155. 80 J bushels were with
drawn from store. Liverpool cables quoted i/jd
advance. Export clearan 1 es were large at 1,190,
--444 busheis. May corn open dat 24VgC, »old at
24c, at. d closed at 241 4 (a2 B e. 14c higher than
yesterday. Estimated receipts for to-morrow, 195
cars.
<-'AT S— The strength of wheat and corn impart
ed firmness to oats aid encouraged some buying.
The business was moderate, no interest attaching I
to it. Receipts were 290 cars, and 48 707 bushel*
were taken from store. -Exports were 40,677
bushels. May oats closed 14c > lgher. Estimated ,
receipts for to-morrow, 270 cars.
FLAX — Firm. Cash No. 1, 75c nominal; '
Northwestern. 77c: May, 77@77VaC: July, 79c j
bid: September, 80V2 c - Receipts were 2f. cars.
PROVISIONS— Trading in provisions was ani
mated. iv,rk was in demand, some of the baying
6eing credited 10 a large packing institution. An
advance of 6@loc in the llve-ho? market was ap
parently the primary incentive to purchases. May
pork closed a shade hi. her. May lard 6c higher
and May ribs unchanged.
BUTTER— The butler market was steady to
day, Receipts were fair and the demand good.
Fancy stock was wanted principally.
Creameries — Extras. 20c: Br»M, 18 @ 19c-.
seconds,l4^Jl6c: Imitations, fancy. 13@14c Dairies
—Extras. 17c: firms, li&lbc: seconds. 9((jl0c. i
Ladles— Extras, ll(&12c: Hints, bi-atoa Vic; packiu£ i
nock. »c; grease, vy 2 @3c; roil bunVr, lo©loi/,c.
EGG: — Were fairly active and steady. The
supply was liberal and the demand good. Prices
were unchanged.
MONEY— Was 4V 2 @5%0n call «nd 6% on time
loans. Now York exciiauge sold at 70c discount.
Closing Pr cm.
WHEAT- February, 74%;: May, 76 1 /i@76S/.c-
July, 73c -
CORN -February, 225 8 £22* 4 C; May, 24Vi<a ;
24S/ 8 e: July. 25 Vic w
OATS— February, 17y 2 c; May, 173/ 8 c; July, '
181 4 c.
i oKK-May. f8 02V 2 : July, $8 15.
LARD-May. *4 05. Ju v $4 i2iA.
P.IBS— May. »4 1-^i/s: July, S4 20.
CATTLE— Receipts. 2500. Fancy beoves, $5 25
; ©5 40; choice to prin:e steers. C4r<s@is 20; good
to choice steers. £4 40@4 80: medium steers, *4 JO
@4 35: fair ue»f steers. $3 90@l 05: common beef
steer*. s3 50©3 85: good 10 prime stockers and feed- :
ers. $:■! 85(£4 25: common to food stockers ana feed- I
ers. ■'. li 1533 60: bulls, cnoice to extra, $3 50(j£:t HO;
bulls, poor to (hoi' c. $3 si'®4: cows and heifers, '
cnoice to prime. S3 :-!O@S 40; cows, fair to choice, I
$2 65!&3 65; cow», common to fair canners, $1 75 !
; @2 jO; calves, eood to fancy. $6 75@6 25; calves. I
j common to gooa, $3 6f>©s 50: lexas led steers, j
I lair to choice. .?3 5()@4 30: Texas cows, bulls and
oxen, 12 5U@3 50; milkers and soriugeis, per
bead, f25@50.
HOG 3 — itecelpts, 22.00 H. Heavy packing and
' shipping lots, 83 4083 CO: common to choice 1
I mixed. $3 4<i(%3 021/2: cnoice asiorted. $3 60@ i
3 65: light, $3 60@3 o;> ; pigs. $3 50&3 66.
KM'— Receipts. 6000. Interior to choice, '
»2 5U(g:4-J6; lambs, «3 5034 -.'5.
1 «■< eij.;« at Omaha.
rot!TH OMAHA. N'fbr.. Feb. 19 — HOGS— Re
ceipts, 5200. Mirket 6@loc hieber. Light and
mixed, $3 403 50: heavy, S3 ZOOM 45.
1 A'ITLK — Receipts. 130 J. Market strong to 10c
higher. Steers, $i 50@»3 55; cows, $1 50@l 60
--feeder.!. Si sU@l 60.
bUEEP — i.eceiots. 1400. Market strong.
Muttons, $3 &71/2: lambs. $4 65.
Receipts at Kan Han City.
KANSAS CITY. Mo.. Feb. 19. — CATTLE—
Receirtx, 3600. Market 10c higher. Native dressed
beef, $3 20(55: cows ana heifers, $3 00@3 50:
bulls, 9-< 2J((t3 66; kers and feeders, $3 45
(tV4 16; Texan and Western, t- 75@»50; calves,
(#lB.
ii'iU-*-t'.ecelptii. 10000. Market 10c higher.
Light. 53 30@3 60; medium, *3 32Vii®3 371/5
--heavy. S3 30f»3 50; pigs. $3@3 20.
bHEEP— ltecelpts. 4000. Market active.
Livestock.
UNION STOCKYARDS. lit; Feb. 19-De
spite the light supplies, this has been a bad week
lor cattle. The receipts will not exceed 48,000
head, as compared with 49,531 last week, and j
06,778 for the corresponding wee* a year ago. I
And yet, with the light runs and small supplies I
throughout the country, prices have averaged 10
to 16c per 100 pounds lower, the few really choice
beeves excepted. 1 here is a liberal murglu tor
matured cuti.li, such offerings selling about 00c
higher than the bulk of the short-fed cattle. -The
receipts to-day were light, being estimated at
2500. '1 he demand was moderate ana the supply !
was taken at a eady price-.
1 f as many hogs arrived to-morrow as were mar- I
keted last Saturday thin week's receipts will '
amount to at.oni 184,000, as against 156.442 for
the corresponding week ayrarago. The Increased
receipts did not blind buyers to the fact that bogs
ar* in much smaller supply than In former yean.
and ill* offeiings wt-rt- taken at stronger prices,
today's sales beini; at an advance of lOal-'V^c
over 11 week- aro. The receipts today were esti- .
mated at 22,100 head, against 23,553 last Friday.
There was a sharp demand, and s®loc advance
over yesterday »v hud. This has b-c:i a good
we for seller*, and loth sheep and lambs have
increased In value lC@lsv per 100 pounds. There
THE SAN FEAXCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 20, 1897.
was aa active demand to-day and prices were
strong, with receipt* of only about 6000 head.
DIN'S REVIEW OF TKADE.
NEW YORK. N. V.. Feb. 19.— H. G. Dun A Co.
will say to-morrow in lb*>ir weekly review of
trade: A large increase In '.he iron and s eel busi
ness on account of sa cs covering eight to twelve
months' pro .v tion of the largest works a better
demand for woolen goods and slightly better prices
for wheat, cotton, wool arid iro i and a money mar
ket wel! adapted to encourage liberal purchases
against future improvement In business have ren
dered the past week IS ore hopeful than any other
Since e..ny In November. '1 he heavy excess 01
morchaudi-e expor.s over Imports in January, the
continuance of exchange rates showing ih t
Euro i «• is still largely in lebteu to this country on
current count and the prosnecl that Congress
\vi I adjourn without any disturbing action, ell
have their favorable influence U| on the money
market and upon <uture undertakings.
In runny branches the great iron and steel in
dustry feels the upward impulse supplied by pur
chases o: steel rai s.i dto be 50U.U00 ions each
from the Illinois Steel Company and from i he Car
negie puny, besiili s ■> me from other compa
nies, in pan ■■-- low is $15 per ton. about. lUU.UOO
to fore purchasers at * 1 7 to *18, but ail recent
salts a. $.0 at . astern and 831 at Western mills.
Nearly ml the great railroad* of the country bava
seized the opportunity to supply thcime.ves with
rails for one or two years' requirement* These
<■ ormons orders have advanced Bess men as
riiiabui'c only 100 cents per ton. with grey forge
a shade lower there, and no gieat change appi mi
in finished products, although plates are un
changed in price with good ran. l and nails are
held at recent prices.
The is r Assoc anon no longer contro's anything
and iron bars are quoted at $. 05 per 100 pounds,
while st-el bars are Quoted at 96 cents per 100
pound*, structural forms are steady al >:<>u:.n
100 000 to 160, 00 ions ar« said to be required In
New York a one this year, and American tin
I lnU* are still ■riling a: $3 'JO, which is less lh«u
the puce for foreign, The sale* of wool have
sharply declined, amounting to 7.409.300 pouuils
for the week against 9,507.tiU0 for the previous
week, but owing to tt-«» heavy transactions cany
in the month the sales for three weeks have been
30,1 30.900 pou (laagi'ln.ii 13,168,700 pounds last
year. '1 he larger mills h.-ve acauired full supplies
for the present, ana at a y at vatic* of prices they
aupear ready to drop out of be market. Thede
iiiaini for woolen goods does not Mem to have ex
panded uiat'-na ly. and no q lOtabte Change in
prices has appear d ilurmc th« wee*.
1 he heavy exports in January following the Un
precedented excess uf orts over imports of
merchandise In the four previous months «re
largely »ue to the fact that neither the wheat nor
the cot. on markets have been material y con
tro led by speculation. Wheat dropped to 80.75,
but rose to 8& 26, with no Important impulse ex
cept the conviction thai '..'it' r. (•••lit prices have
i <--n low enough. Ihe Atlantic exports, flour in
cluded, were only 1.236,878 bushels for the wet
against -,bI(J, oUI last year, one for iliree weeks
have been .\U90,471 bush Is, against 6,445,4-.!9
last year. The West m receipts are still small,
only 1.507,845 bush -Is for the Week, against
2,415,618 la-t year, and for the past three weeks
only 4,699,240 bushels, against 8,828,771 las.
year. Meanwhile the Western recelp s of corn
have been we! -,i gh double last year's, and for
three weeks the Atlantic Pxpo'll li ive been
6.&17.214 l:ushe s, against 3.234.899 last > car.
Evidently this movement Is dUpiac.n* many
million bushels of wheat In foreign consumption.
Figures at ibis season do nut ton it for much in
condition, although the larce supplies ■ n i dimin
luished domestic demand oi account of the par
tial closing of many mi. Is have materially In
creased the nisr«et Prices have become com
paratively steady, middling npiauds declining to
7, but recovering an eighth.
'I be value of business is no! accurately repre
sented by clearing-house exchanges owing to the
extra holiday this year at borne commercial cen
ters. Bu. the daily average app as to be 3.4 per
cent smaller th»n la.st year. The railroad e«ra
ings Logan to show improvement, being 9 7 per
cent larger than last year for the second week of
.February.
Failures for the past week have been 303 in the
t'nltw.l states, aeulns*. 280 'as: year, and 68 in
Canada, against 6b' last year.
BANK CI. A KINGS. •
NEW YORK, N. V., Feb. 19— Bank clearing
totals at the principal iKies for the week ended
February IS, wtta comparisons, aa lelegrapned to
Bradstreet's:
Tercentage
Cities. Amount, Inc. Dec
New York . .. 8483.325,397 27.8
Boston bb.849.454 3.9
Chicago 69.79 i.*34 17.5
Philadelphia 69,334.050 1.1
St. Louis. 27,8t>!>,9.J7 23.2
Plttsburg 13.61 .'..37 1.4
Baltimore 12.567.6*6 11.3
San Francisco 13,. 47,091 10 1
Kansas City _ 10.44^,656 5.1
Minneapolis „. 6,030.0*0 i 9 3
SI 1 aui 2,722.910 41.2
Omaha 8.947.204
Denver — 2.756,12* 1.4
Suit Lake 1.024.327 20.9
Portland, Or 741.804 17.3
Los Anceles bBtJ.XB9 9.0
Seattle 394.H43 33.2
Tacoma 341,712 37.
--bpolti.ne._ 4t.0.8-0 114
Totals U. S $882,041,465 18.6
Outside ot New Yore
City » 408.689.0t58 4.4
DOKXNIOX OJT CANADA.
Total $17,621,551 4.8
NEW \OKK STOCKS.
Bonds, l.xrhaugp, Honey and Railroad
(Shares.
Money on call easy at V4@1%3,'; last loan V*X
an closing offered at I^>%. Prime mercantile pa
per '£%. Lar silver, r. . „* Mexican dollars, 60*4<
flerilng exchange is Dim. with actual business in
banters' bills at $4 85@4 bM/i for 60 days and
*4 H7ig,4 871-4 for demand. Posted rates, $4 85Vi@
« Bs. i ommercial bi Is, $4 «3VjOS4 s4Vi- Gov
ernment bonds steady; State bonds quiet; railroad
easier. Silver quiet.
CXOBIXO STOCKS.
Am Te' A Cable... 86 'North American... 41,4
Atchlson 141 4 .hern Pacific. 14'<
Frei«>rrpd "'-'^i Preferred 37: 54
Adams Express. ..l4B Northwestern 104
Alton, Terre Haute 66 i Preferred 153
American KxpresslHlVij.N V Central 9'^i
American lobacco 716 8 N Y. ChlcagOtfc:sll< 11
Preferred IUOVj Ist preferred 70
Bay Male tins 11 ; lid preferred. 23
Baltimore & Ohio.. 15 \ V «fc N 11 174
IJrunswlct Lands. % N V 4 New Enj... 37
Buffalo, Koch &P. 18 NY. Husq <t W.... 9
Canada Pacific 64 | } referred !4*4
Canada (Southern.. *4iy£. Ontario 10'
Canton Land ' 'iitano A Western 143
Central Paclnc...,. 11 Oresonlmprovmnt
I hes « Ohio 17 Pre!e-red
Chicago Alton 162 Oreeon Navigation 14
Preferred 172 Oregon Short Line. 1■•
Chicaco, B & Q 7 4 Pacific Mail V!4»i
Chicago & X 111.... 42 Peona. D& Evans 2
Preferred 55 : IMttsl.ur ' <t v, ufd. 15
Chicago Gas.. 76% Puilmau Palace.... 154
Clevi»«t Plttsourit.ltJoVa Quicksilver 1
Consolidation CoaL 88 j I'reterred 11
Consolidated Ga5. .148 Reading 3 41 4
C (.' (J iSt L00n... .Mjl;:..'.'«'-.i»AWpi:ii 12
Preferred 75 • 1 referred SHKr~
Colo Fuel <fc Irca.. ill) Rock Inland 66Vs
Preierred.. 90 Home WatAOitden.il •V*
Cotton OI cert llVaKtLiisW -if. M
Commercial Cable. 150 I Preierred 10i/ 2
Dei Hudson.' lo7'/i M Paul 76s/ 8
Del Lack <t West rn. 15 ■ I Preferred i 3*
Denver it: X 0 10V,'gt Paul & Duluth.. 18
Preferred *OV* 1 Preterred Bft
Distillers. Si Paul & Omaha.. <hi£
General Electric... ZlVt] Preferred 130
Erie 141/4 st mA M 116
Preferred 84 Oliver Certificates. 64"/«
Fort Wayne 1«2 Southern Pacific. l<"/8
Great Northern Dfd 120 HouthPrnKH 8'/ 8
Ureenßay Preferred 28
Harlem 293 Sugar Ueflnery .. . i ■ <"«
BockingCoal- B*4{ Preferred 10-" 4
HockinK Valley... 4Vi'Tenn Coal A Iron., -•i'ja
Ilomestalce 34 Preferred 80
II A Texas Central Texas Pacific 9
Illinois Central 92 ;lolA AA N Mich.
lowa Central. 6 3 / i 10l Ohio <ft Central 10
Preferred 24Vi Preferred 60
Kansas & Texas... 1:> Tol tit Louis X C 6'j
Preferred ..... 30 1 /*; Preferred 18^
Kingston A Perm.. 3 I'nion Pacific 6%
Lake Erie & Wesln Id lU P Den AGulf.... l'V'B
- Preferred 68%) U b Cordage. —
Lake Mi ur- 16>i 1 J'referred .——
National Lead 2_'i/2 Guaranteed —
Preferred 91 U X Express 35
Lon lsl»nl 46 'V *> Leather. 7%
Ixmlsvllle & Nash, li",*' Preferred 67
Lonlsvilie.N AiDny VtiL" S Kubber -OV4
Preferred ..... 1», 4 Preferred 71
Manhattan C0n.... 87% I .icait 15 River.. .l6o
Memphis A Charts 35 Wab !• L A Partita 6Vs
Mexican Centra... 8 3 Preferred l-' T /8
Michigan Central.. Bi*Va Wells-Fartta b9
Mlnn<feHL Western Union bl»/*
Preferred Wlsionsln Central. 2
MlnndtstLcom.. 1 8 V 3 1 Wheeling A L X... 1
Ik! prettrred 77 | Preferred 6 8
lid creft-rred 4t> Am Cotton Oil pfd. 63
Missouri Pacific... IJ>% W U Beef 6M§
Wobile&uhlo 20 Vaj Ann Arbor 9Vd
Nashville & i halt. «57Va Preferred... -■*
National Linseed.. Brooklyn Traction. 213/,
N J Central 96 jfclrie M pfd 19
Norfolk A Westrn. llVfe American spirits.. J6%
Prelerreo IB I preferred.....*— 62Vi
(IO»INB lOVIWI.
Ala Class A 4*.... 106 (Northern Pac lsts.lls^
Do Class B 4, DS.IU6 Do 2d«_ 603 8
Alabama, class C. 98 Lo 3ds. 88Vs
Atchison 48 82 X)oconsot6s
Do2dsA 47 Or linprovmni Ist. 8s
Canada Sonih 2-ts.lO?i. 8 ' Do 6». 18
C«n Pac lets . |o X & N'is'ta. 112^
Cherokee 4». 1898.103Va Do consol 5s —
Do 1897 104 Or Short Line 55...116J,<8
DO 1898... 104 Doconsol 5* .... H.M.,
D 01899 104 J'i.cific6so? '97... '
& Ohio 55.... 110 lima* Heading 4s bH-g
! Cb<tN Tr Bcis 5s 4'Ji. 4 Do Ist pfd Incom. 43i, 3
DU3-665. 11,9 1/4 X Urande West Ist* fiik
I Den A KG Ist 11 1^ 4 hi LA-Ironim.rnai 76
Don 881,3 « L&BFGen6s..lll
JErl* 2ds 65«/4 bt Paul Consols 132
Ft W&DenCtty lats 68 l-t PCA Pa lsta .11 ' ♦
IGII AB A (is 104 So Carolina 4V»<»... l'J6
Do2d7a $-0 Sontbern 11 X 05... 8H
Gen EleoDeb6s... 95 I Do Pac Cal lsts.. 10 7Va
II A Tex Cent 55.. .108 Term new 3s 77
Do con On. 102 Texas Pac 15t*..... 19H
■ lowa Central lsts.. 36 1 .i I exai Pa. r<li. . tlii
, Kansas Pa Consols 7oty* Union Pac lsts 98 104 > *
I Kit Pa lgts l)euDivll6V 2 UB 4s reg of 925. 122 Vj
La Consol U6SA Do 4^ coupon.... 122»,»
M iMoun funding... 1 1" ts 4s reR of 1907. 11 1* /4
il X T ids- 691,4 Do4a. coupon 11:<
I>«4« 84 1 Do2s 95%
Siobile a Ohio «s.. 6*i'/» bo la. Reg 11-Ml
S!utn»i Colon 61. .110 I D 063. coupon.... 11;-:'.
, N J Cent Gen 55... 117^i Va tundlnc dt?01... 61 ib
N YC&StLouls4slos Do registered /B
1 Nor <t WestUen 6slvO Do deferred 65.. 6
X Carolina coo 4s. 101 Do trust rcpt s:uj «Vi
l>o*a 123 WabashlstE».....lo7 *
NonbwestCoosols. 140 West auvto w .... lO^Bi,
im«i/ »•.. ...... na
FOREIGN JIABKETS.
WHEAT IN LIVERPOOL.
LIVERPOOL, km,., Feb. 19.— The spot market
Is firm at 6s 7<J@6s «d. Cargoes are firm at 83s
3d, piompt shipment.
' KUTDBKS.
The Produce Exchange cable »rives the following
Liverpool quotations for No. V! Red Winter: Feb
ruary, 6s ad: March 6s S^d; May, 6s *VS|d;
June, 6s 4d; July, 6s 41
SECCRITIES.
LONDON, Eng., Feb. 19.— Consols. 111 1616:
silver, 29 11-16 d; French Kenies, 10^f *-'oc.
EXCHANGE AND VVLLION.
t*t<rliii(; Exchange, 60 days — $4 86^4
Bier Ins Exchange, sight — 4 s^.i.
Sterling Cables — 4 sit
Sew York Exchange, sicht — -5
New Yur» Exchange, telegraphic. — 27Va
Fine silver, per ounce — »>■•'•»
MvJiicau Uollara , — 61; 4
PRODUCE MAEKET.
TVHKAT AM) . THKB GRAINS.
WHEAT— Market continues quiet at previous
prices. Quota I at $1 25@1 82V5» * ctl for common
grades, $1 3!>@l 861,4 for average No. 1, $1 371,3
r CO for choice ami $1 42Vi»@l SO V ctl for ex ra
choice milling.
I W.I. BOARD NAI.F.H.
Informal Session— 9:l6 o'clock— Slay— 22,ooo
ciis, $1 34.
Bkcond Sk-ssion— May— 2 00 ctls, $1 33 Va;
2000, $i 3. :< 8 ; 10,000, SI 3«; 4000, $1 331/,,;
41)00. $1 33 > 4
Hki.i Lak Morn Ino srssion— May— 2o,ooo ctls,
#: o-li a 4000. $1 »4&/ 8 ; hOOO. *1 348 8 ; MOJO,
♦ l StJV*. December— JOOO, SI 17%; 6000, $1 18.
.Akikenoon Sbmjon— May — 60uu ctls, $1 34 V B .
Deceruber-UOOO, $1 in; 12,000, $1 lb»/i.
BARLr.Y — No variation in quotations. Feed,
76@S0c^ctl: Brewing. 87Vi@9- I .&c.
CAU KHAKI' BALKA
Informal SKBBIOK— 9:IS o'clock:— No sales.
Bkcond session — No sales.
Hi:., vi. ait Morning mission— May— 2ooo ctls,
75 4<- 8000, 7£>s, s \
Arauutooa - bsbion— No sales.
OATS— Neg ect^a. Milling, *1 26@1 40 "£ ell:
Fancy Feed, SI 37' 2 40: Common White, Sl(£
1 10: good to eh. ice, $1 IS®! 86, according o
quality: Black for feed. 95cfc£*l 05; for Bred,
*1 10(^1 25: uray, 51 16@1 30; Keel, $1 10@l 20;
bnrpriaa *1 44<g;l 50 V cil.
CultN- Owing to the removal of the tariff on
Corn Mexican imports of this commodity from th«
United ftates Jumped from 57,790 bushels valued
a; $-.'•_'. 4 •-;:>, In Novembei. 1895, to 1.421,057 bush
els, valued at $542,439. in November, lb!*6. Ihe
Mexican liovcr. meat restored the duty on Ameri
can Corn to the old basis ot 14c a bushel oi. Hie
tirst day of ibe present year, As a result ship
ments of Corn to Mexican cities have almo>t
ceased.
Tb" market continues stagnant. Large Yel
low. 75(<z.H0c; Small Kound do, 90c; White, 77y 3
@82J/2 C r 1 ctl.
llYfc— Ssr<49oc ctU
iiUCK\V>i£AT— Quoted at $1 16©1 26 ?1 ctl.
FIiODB AM) MJLLSTCFFS.
FLOUR — Net cash prices are: Family extras,
$4 85@4 95: Bakers 1 extras, $4 75®4 85; Buper
tiii"-. .* : *io.4 35 r bbl.
t (H.MitAl, El' - Feed Corn, 517<§,17 50;
Cracked Corn, $17 5U@lB V- ton.
MILJ-STUFF&— Prices In sacks are as follows,
usual dlscoanl to the trade: lirnharu Flour, $".' Ho
%* 100 lbs: Bye Flour, »2 75 V 100: Klce Flour,
$5 75; Corn meal, $2(52 26; extra cream do, $2 75;
Uutuieal, S3 50; Uat Groats, $4: Hominy. S3 10
($3 30; Buckwhea: Flour. $3 25@3 60: Clacked
w heal. $3 60; Farina. $4; Whole Wheat Flour, I
*:;; Kolitd Oats (bbis). $5 5U@5 00; I'eurl Hurley,
S3 75(0,4: Split Peas, $3 60; Green do, *4 25 «t
100 lbs.
HAT AND FKKUSTUFFS.
There is nothing new.
BRAN— *I2 50m.33 for the best and $11 50@12
V ton for outside brand?.. •
MI. DLl.Mis— slß 50(g,19 50 for lower grades
and $2L'@2l %> ton tor the best.
FhEDsTUFFS — Rolled Barley, $17 60@18:
Oi cake Meal a the mill, (26 Ml "$ ton; jobbing,
$27 50: clipped Oats. $1 Su ($1 50 V ctl.
HAY — Wheat, $8!g»ll: Wheat and Oat, $7®
10: Oat, $6<g.9. Baney, *7ta.B 50: luver Bariov,
s:>(a << 50; Alfalfa, ?6(c,7 60; compressed. $6@
0 .0. stock. $5(3.6; > lover, S6@B '& ton.
STEAW- %* bale.
BEANS AM) SEKDS.
Prices for all descriptions remain unchanged.
BEANS— Bay os, $1 50® 1 «0 f> ctl: Smail
Whites. $1 lSCo'l 25 f> ctl; l.arao * lutes, $l(g,l 15
V ctl: lln>H. $1 lO(n-l 25: Keds. $1 lO'<£l 20;
Ulackeye, $1 10w.l 15. Red Kidney, $V! 50 Limas,
*1 70©l 90; Butters, $1 25@1 50; Pea, *1 15®
ISO.
SEEPS— Brown Mustard. $2 50<a2 75: Ye low
Mustard. $1 76ft9 V Ml: Flax, 91"35(ii140: Ca
uary • '>-(\. l'^c^J^c V tb: Alfalfa, bI,4C; Rape,
2y 2 ii2Sic; hemp, 3c: Timothy, r >e.
Dim..* I'Kas— Niles. $I@l 20 V ctl; Green,
$1 40(»l 50 f) ctl.
POTATOES, ONIONS, VKGETABLE9.
There Is hardly any change in any description.
POTATOES— New Pniatnrni. — ■$ Ib: 6weet Po
tatoes. $I@l 50: Early Rose, 70(a>i0c; River Reds.
70@80c: Hurbank Seedlings. t>o97Sc f( ctl for j
Rlvers,9oc@!?l 10 for Salinas and bO(<sßUc for I'et- |
alumas; Oregon Burbanks, ~~t(gjs 1 10.
OMO.Ns-Jl 50@l 75 * ctl; Cut Onions, 76c@
$1 25; Oregons, $1 50@2.
V I.'.i.Ta lU.i-.>— ll ii. house Cucumbers. 50c(aSl
V dozen Asparagus 6(d>soc %*. 1b lor common "and
16(4l'r»u for choice: Rhubarb. »"-' 60 %* box: Los
Angeles Summer squash. "6c@sl f> box; , us An
geles Green P. ppers, 40ra,7. r >c i* box: Mushroom*.
{>(g;lJc c* it»: Marrowfat squash. $6@7 t* ton; |
Los Angeles Tomatoes, oih(asi 25 %i bx; Mexican
Tomatoes. $1 25; Dried IV, ta, 7@Bc V- tt>; Green
I'eas, 4@7c %i 1b: I.os Angeles String Beans. 80
Kir; Dried Okra. B@9c V Ib; Cabbage, 40@50c V
Otl; Carrots, .s(&3uc V- sack; Garlic, lVs(&2c ft lb.
BUTTEK, CHKESE AND EGGS.
BUTTER— VaIues remain undisturbed.
i kkaukky — Fancy creameries, 20@21c: sec
onds, 17Vafg> t 4 lb.
Dairy— 1 ancy roils. 15@16c: squares, 16@17c i
V tb; Kooa to choice, 13ra)i4c: lower grades. 10@ |
12M,c.
i'K Ki.r.D— l36&l4c 'H lb or old and 15c S Ib for
new.
Firkin— 9 Ib for old and 15c * Ib for i
new.
Cbkamkry Tdb— l6@l7c ¥■ lb.
CHEESE— Weak and tending downward. Choice
mi d new is quotable at l'iy.l c'f Ib; common io
good old, 7Vj^BV2C: Cream Cheddar, il@l2c V Ib;
Youiik America, 10@llc; Western, lld^l^c; Lust
eru. 14@l4V^c.
1100i — 'Iheiop figure for ranch Eftvs Is harder
to get. Still, It is b ing obtained. Kanch Eggs, 13
(>Vl4c; store £ggs, 11 (a 1 2c V doz; Duck Eggs, 16c.
rOULTKY AND GAME.
POULTRY— Eastern s'.occ is selling at $5 25@
6 50 for Htm and young Roisters, $4@4 80 for
old Roosters, $5 for Fryers. *2 for Geese and 11 2 c
for Turkeys.
Home stock is unchanged.
Live 1 urkeys, 1i.@13 i? tb for Gobblers, 12<ai3c
• 11, for liens: Dressed Turkeys. 1 (*l6 fTft:|
Geese, • pair. $1 60(ffll 75; Uoslinn, *•_' 50(a.3; j
Ducks. .*4 sli(tts 60 fcrold and f6(oi7 for yonnit;
I ens, S3 U)a\ 60: Roosters, youn-% $5@5 50:
do, old. $3 :>V(a 1: Fryers, $4 5095; Broilers, $4 50
©:> lor large and $3@4 lor «m;iH: PlKeons, Sl'@ i
■_ 60 V. doz for young an 1 $I@l 25 for old.
i'.\Mr.-ls getting nominal and out of style.
Kn.llsh Snl|.e aie quo: able at $■- fO@3?* dozen;
JacK snipe. V doz: Hare, sQ@7bo: Kabbits.
$1 25 for Cottontails and *1 for small: Gray
Geese, $2 50: Whtie Geese, 91; Braut, SI 50;
Honkers $3 60(g,4-
DECIDUOUS AND CURDS FRUITS.
Dull and unchanged, though stocks of Oranges
seem to be lighter.
DEC iDUOUS FRUITS—
Apples. 90c@Sl V- box for choice, $1 26@1 50
for lan y Red, sV@7sc for common; Eastern
ar<* nominal.
BERRIES—
stern Cranberries, S6@7 9 bbl.
CITRUS FRUITS— NaveI Oranges are quotable '
at SI 75@2 75 ft box: Seedlings 76c@$l 25 • bx; !
Lemons, 6 c(ot*l for common and Si 25@1 60 for ■
good to choice: .Mexican Limes,ss@sSo; California
Limes, 75c@*l 25; Baaanas, SI'S a V bunch:
Pineapples, S-fa;4 ■$ doz.
DRIED FBUITSf KAI-INS, NUTS, f.TC, j
DRIED Quotations on the Fruit Ex- I
change are nominally as follows:
Carload Lots— a pricots are quotab'e at 6®9c I
for l. ovals and liy.@jl2c for choice to lancy
Moorpnms: Prunes. "s^i@3c for the 4 alz>-s;
Peaches, 4(jis l/ 2 ■ for prime to choice, SV2@7c for !
fancy and t (Slue for peeled in boxes: Apoies. 3si I
. 6Va c for evaporated and :@2V&c fur sun-irled;
I'eurs, 2y 2 &5 c for prime to choice, 4@sVfec for j
quarters and 6@iiJ,i>- or ha yes: Plums. *•■ for j
(.itted and ll/ s c for bnpitted; Nectarines, 3V<i@
4^jc for choice and 6V2 C ' or fancy ; Whim frigs, :
3c: Back Fie-.. 2\,i@2V«c.
Jobbing I'kici-s— Peaches, 4-"/« i @si/jC t* lb: |
fanty, 6V->ia>7i- 2 c > Ib: peeled. 12V»-- ?> ib Apri
cots. Bi 2 a9 %* lb: lauc--. 10c: Hootparic^, 1:@ ;
IHc; evuporau d a pp es, 5»4c: sun-dried, 2^>4@3t-; |
I'runes. i < jfc<tß''Af forth*- 4 sizes: Figs, black, 3c tor j
unprrssed at.d i>^3i^c for pressed; white Flks. 4c; j
I'uiiH. 4i /2 (^sc for pitted and 1 Vie for unpltted;
Xectarlm s. 4(o,»}c V- Ib for prime to faucy: Pears, I
2^@sc for whoie, 4Va@ S V2C for quarters and 4Va i
(ail' -.c for halve*.
KAl^iN —
Carload Prices — Four-crown, loose, fjs/uc: j
three-crown, 4-i a "& lb: two-crown. 3S/ c V Ib: \
etedWss sulian.i.v JiU.c: seedless Mu«catei.i, 4!Vac; ,
three-crown London i"yers. *1 15: clusters. *1 Ml: I
l'ehesa clusters. $2 60: Imperial clusters, $3; ;
dried Grapes. 3c t* lb.
Jobbing Prices -San Francisco— Four-crown, I
loose, s»ic: 3-cit>wn, 43/iC: 2-crown. 3 ,4 c; seed- I
less >nlianas, sS^c: seedless Musca.eis, 4 1 2 -; |
3 crown London 'layers, $125: clusters, SI 60; I
Dehesa clusters, $2 76; Imperial clusters, $3 25.
S UTS— 1 bestnuts quotable at b@10o; Walnuts
6V2®7c 14 lb for standard and »@9V<jC 't> lb for
sof. shell; Almonds. KaGVbc fur Langnedoc, 3® i
SVi< for hardshell i.nd B©9c fi Ib lor papers: ell: I
J'e.. tints, lfitic %> tb for Eastern and 4c tor Cali
fornia: Hickory Nuts f>®6c V 1 Ib; Pecans. "Vi(£
B< V Ib: >llbens, Tif #Qi Brazil Nuts, 71 2 aßc;
Cocoauuts, $. r >@s i.O "pi ".on.
IIO.NKY— Comb, 10@12i y <,c for bright and s@9c
for lower grade*; waier-wlilte extracted, s r:
light amber extracted. 4 y 2 1 >U c : dark amber, 4©
4lAc: .larK, -.'@3c *£* lb.
BEESWAX-22025C * Ib.
PROVISION'S.
Very dull at unchanged prices. . r
CURED Mt ATS- Bacon, 6c » t> for heavy, 7c
1
%* Ib for light medium. 9V a c for light, 10c *lb for
extra licht and 11V..C r> tb for mirar-ciiriHl. East
ern sugar-cured liams. lL'fel'_>i,.,c; California
Hams. lo]aio^4c; Mess Be. f , $7@7 50; extra
mess do, *S(nh;»): family do. SsiUw.j-10; extra
prime Pork, $7 SOaS; extra clear. #16 * Obi:
mea , $14 $ bbl: Smoked Beef, 10c %» tb.
LAUD— tastern cl-rce.s is quoted at sVac for
coui|>ound ami b'M'tii/.jc for pure? pails. 7c: <"all
fornla tierces. 5^5 i s c 1' Ib for compound and 6V4C
for pure: half-bb.H, 6 :t «c : 10-lb tins, 71/ic: do, 5 lb,
7 1 La y Ib
OOTT«»LKNK— SVj(36B4c in tierces and 7»/i@
8i/ 3 c In 10-lb tins. _
HIDES, TALLOW, WOOL AND HOI'S
HIDES AND f)KIN — Culls and brands sell lc
under sound stock. Heavy salted steers are quot
able at 8<: V It: medium, 7c V ib: iiehu 6@6Vac:
Cowhides, o'(*tJVi: i: ; salted Kip, 6c p 12): salted
Calf. 7@Bc; bated Veal. 60: dry Hides. 12Va©
;3c: culls aud hT-»nds. !) V;(«iOc 9 tb: dry Kip and
Veal, 9<aloc; dry Calf. 16c: colls, 10c; Uoatsklns,
20@35each: Kids, sc: Deerskins, good summer,
25c %i Ib; medium, 20c; wluie.r, 10c; Sheepskins,
shearlings, lu(s)2oc each; short woo!, 26@:55c
<o h; medium, 30®46jeuch; lung wools, 4U(e,tsoe
each.
T ALLOW— No. 1. rendered. Sf|B^4c; Na 2,
"i,oc retined. sc: (irease, '2<- V Ib.
Woo:.- 1 he circular of Jacob Wollner says:
•■1 be local market h»s been r»ti.er qule. with Hie
exception that uioat of the IOCS] woolen-mills were
in the market and took consul.' nblu Wool, one
mill in particular having taken 400,001) &>< 111 the
last lv days. This Wool Is not for immediate use
but to be laid up for nit in une .v. the manufactur
ers East are doing. Prices are well malutaned.
The scourlnir-mllls lave plenty slock to run on
with, and with he exieption Of on- mill all are
running steadily. The Mock of Wool on hand in
this market amounts to about hOO-i bales in the
grease, consisting 01 Ore. on, Nevada and th beat
grades of California Fall, and there arc al-o about
250U bales scoured Wool of all kinds In the mar
ket 1 in- interior. with the exception of Los A
ngeles, is prettjr well cleaned up. Eastern martteis
report some tailing off In sales with manufacturers
in the market fur the, raw material, and notwith
standing the firmer to:. of the market the Miles
too. up large in comparison with 189<i baalnesa
The sales for the p«st week In the three principal
li arKeis, Boston. New York and Philadelphia, will
show nearly 9,0U0,000 lbs. The business since me
first of the year, which is by all odd* the larseat
reported for seven successive weeks In the history
of the Wool trade for buylne. Is beluir done en
tirely because of the expectation of a tariff being
put on Woo, and manufacturers an anxious to
have tome On band al that time, as the demand
lor manufactured BOOds does not justify such large
buying or even such prices as have been paid.
Woo. are being rushed In trom ail parts 01 the
world to the United States. At tbe London sales
which will reopen the nth of Mar. b, there will be
a good catalogue of the choicest Wools offered, and
11 is expected that the American buyers w li cut
quite a figure, as they did in the last -.cries. Every
Australian steamer has a good deal or Wool for
American account, the .National Wool-growers'
Association and the National Wool Manufactur
ers' AUOciatlOO, which held a session la.st week in
Washington, couM not agree on a tariff on the raw
material. The Wool Mnnutaciuring Association
wanted to concede 9c fl Ib duty on the best grades
of Wool, but the \v'oo;-Krowers' Association want
el a duty as proposed In- Mr. Lawrence of 12c for
1897, 13c tor lb9H, 14c f0r1899 aDd 15c for 1900."
We quote: ban Joaquiu, 4(&6c; Eastern Oregon,
70ioc ¥ m.
ill >l'ss— for fair to choice and 9@loc 9 Ib
for fancy.
GKNERAL. MERCHANDISE.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags, spot, sc; June-
July delivery. 6c; San Quentin, $4 75; Wool
Bags, 24V2@26i/,c.
COAL— A local circular .says: "There have been
six arrivals this week from the Coast collieries
with 15,896 tons of Coal and we are again without
a car^o of foreign Coal coming to band. A new
collier has been added to our list, the Norwegian
steamer Florida just arrived with 5300 tons from
Cotnox. This is the largest cargo of Coast Coal
ever coming nere. As most of our re ular Coal
carriers (sailing vessels) have been ordered off the
ii a t, carrying lumber to foreign ports, and some
of our steam colliers have been disabled, shippers
are li ding tonnage growing scarcer. There will
be an active demand lor all Coast Coals for three
months to come, a* less than 12.C00 ton* of foreign
Co.il can reach here in the next 45 dais If mere
was any unity existing between our northern col
liery managers they could at this moment make
their power acutely felt in the fuel market: it is
well for consumers it is us it Is. A l. other shipment
of British Columbia coke Is at hand, an) is a
marked improvement on all prior arrivals, as It is
no"v belnz >(jiieil 10 meet the exact requlr men;s
of our local consumers. This will lead to dimin
ishing shipments of fcingllsh and Belgian later on."
Wellington is quotable at $8; New Wellington,
$8 per ton: Soutntjeld Wellington, $7 50 %* ton:
Seattle, »6 50: Bryant, $5 %0; Coos Bay, $4 75
V ion; Wallsend, SB 50 "$ ton; Cuiuberla d,
$13 50 ft ton in bulk and $16 In sacks; Penn
sylvania, Anthracite Egg, Sil(sl2 %i ton; Welsh
Anthracite. Sot^lO; Cannel, $8 i* ton; Rock
Springs, Castle Ciate and Pleasan. Valley. $7 60;
Coke. Sll(»ia in bulk and $13 VUonin sks.
RlCK— Cninese mixed. s3 60(g)3 55; No. 1, $3 75
&3 90 t» ctl extra No. 1. *< 1004 80; Hawaiian,
»4 25044 37V a ; Japan, S3 aU(o<4 .0.
SUuaß— The Western --ugfir Refining Company
has advanced ts prices and now quotes as fol
lows, terms net cash: Cube an 1 Crushed, sVic:
Powdered, 5 1 .* : Fine Crushed. 5%c; Dry Uranu
lated, 4<VgC: confectioners' A, 4%c: Magnolia a,
414 c: 1 xlra C. <V 3 c: Uoldeu C. «c; half barrels
i.ic more than barrels, and boxes : ,i: c more.
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
Hoes are scarce and firm. Beef and Mutlon are
easy.
Wholesale rates for dressed stock from slaugh
terers are as follows:
BEKF— First quality, 6c; second. 6@5y 3 c: third
do, 4@4V<iC * tt..
VF.aL— Larg ■, s®6c; small, 6@7c f* tt>.
MUTTON— Wethers, 6@6V2C; Ewes, 5%@6c
%■ lb.
LAMB— Spring, 10@llc V Jb.
PORK— Live iioks. 3Vi@3^' 8 c Vlb for large and
3 %(£b%c for small and medium; dressed do, 434
@6c «* tb. '
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
FOR 24 HOURS.
flour, nr sks.... 8.858 l.ran. sks 320
heat. ct15...... I.OjO Hutter. ctla...^ . 94
Barley. ctl»... — . 4.670 Cb> eje, civ.... — 11l
Beans, 8k1.... M . 245 tusc*, ooa „ 4.-.
Corn, ctls j tildes, no ....,_ 249
Eastern 1,200 Pelts, bdls 15
Oats, ctls. Wine. pa 15... .«. 46.55J
Eastern 1.100 Wool, bis 4
Potatoes, ales.... l.n.s Leather, r0115.... 44
Onions. stj..._ SO Lime, bbls _ 150
•Middlings, ski... 205 I allow, ctl*.. . 24
Bay, tons „ 368 Chicory, bbls 164
" •
FAMILY Xi I VII. 31ARKET.
Eggs and Cheese are cheaper. No change In
Butler.
Meats sell at last week's prices. Poultry also re
mains unchanged.
summer Vegetables are dearer.
Following la The Calls regular weekly retail
price list:
COAI/— TON 1 .
Cannel — gIOOO Castle Gate. 950@1000
Wellington. @1O 00 ! FleasantVal S6o@lo 00
New Wei- South field,
linpton — aiO 00 Wellington — @ 950
Seattle 7 60@ —Coos Bay... — (jj b75
i aikv I'KODfrr, rr".
Batter, fancy. V Cheese, Eastern... 13@20
square .46059 Cheese, Swiss... .20(230
do, %> roll »6f<840 Common Kegs 12(o,l5
«Jo, g00d......... — «30 HanchKsrgs^dz... 16^20
Pickled roll SO® - Honey, comb, *1b.12(q)15
}irnin —((430 do, extracted.... is© I a
Cheese, Cat. 12© —
MEATS— PF.B porvn.
Bacon.. 12(B17 1 Pork, fresh 120513
Beef, choice 12&15 Pork, salt 10.?$ 12
do, good S@lo Pork Chops 12i515
Corned Beef. 8$ — Hound Steak 8<S»10
Ham. Cal 12y ? @15 Sirloin Steak... l2JAG4 —
do. Eastern. 1 5(g» 1 6 ; Porterhouse, d 0... 1 ?ig!2tl
Lard _ 12i5i15 Smoked Beef —#13
Mutton WC«I2 Pork Sausa^ea... — <gJO
Spring Lamb 16<a.20|Veal 10(016
POULTRY AND OAVW.
nen<.p«rh 60«!» 60 Ducks, each... 60® 75
Young Kooat- Geese, each 1 50@2 SO
erg, eacn 60® 66, Pigeons, t» pr.. So@ 60
Old Roosters. Rabbits, V pr.. Ss<s 40
each 6O<<s - Hare, eacn lb® 20
Fryers, each... 50(cj 60 Wil.l Geese. ea. »Ofg) 80
Broilers, each.. — @ 40 Kni:Snlpe.fklz —©3 60
Turkeys, #4 to.. 16* 1 c Jhk snipe. "pdz2 00® —
nviT* AVI> xrri
Almond*, V !b 12016 Limes, ft doa 36ffi8 —
Apples. ■# Ib 4© 5 Oranges, fl doz. 16®30
Bananas, f< doz... 15@20 Pears, $ Ib 8(&10
Cocoanuts. each... 4«fl li Kaisius, «i ib. K<sls
lemons, '** aoz 2&@3o,Waluuia. ft 0> 1640 —
VMtXTAKUE&
Aiparaeus. *Ib ..16{Oi36:Mr'fat Squash. Ib 5(310
Artichokes,^doz7hfdl '.'6 Dried Okra. i* Ib.. 12(415
Beets, 1» doz 12@15,Onions, * Ib 4M a
Beans, white ?tt>... ;% 61 Peppers, dried . 16® —
Colored, fl 1D..... :& 6 do, re -n. *i Ib . 10(<il5
Lima, t? It. 4@ 6' Pars nips, SI ooz. ._ls(<t2.j
Cabbace, each 6@lo. Potatoes. Vlb . 2<a 3
Cauliflowers, each. sfStlU' i)o Swe^t, »» tl> 3<a 4
Celery, %* bunch... sf<fl -|Radlshes.'«adzbcns.lOraia
Cress.*d7.buncUa.2O(^25 i HhiibHrh. %« tb. . . . 1..uL20
Giirlic, ¥Ib - gage, Ib 25(335
Green Peas, * a.. B:<6lO!stnng Beans, D^ -»15
Lentils. %< ib b@ M Thyme, %i Ib 20®3J
Lettuce, %i doz ... 15@2 5 Turnips, »> .. . lbt^-20
Mushrooms. V a.. 15(330' Tomatoes, %4 ».... lo<fiils
*IBH— PKR mnsa „ .
BArracud*....^ -© — Shad... &®lO
tarp 60) Sea Bass... "* " —(312
Codfish 1 Smelta .r.'..."12@i5
Flounders -Soles "IlGSia
Halibut estates, each 6f015
Hernn* B@UjSturKeon -01J
Klnsfisnj _.... Hi'Tomcod l-'fiOl".
Mackerel Cams, fi gal. — «»do
do, Horse. _ — - Do. hardshell.' "'*
J*rch „ low-: 100 50<a-
Fomtuno -'at — Crabs, each 12«ri15
Kockflsh 12«ill5Do. softshell, * dz.26M35
Salmon, smoked. .. 20(^0 — Mussels, %4 an.. . ll>|l_'
Salmon, tresh 12(ai5 Oysters, 100.40:2 —
bhrimpa b<&lo!Do, Eastern. 'tida.^^iO
> • «
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS, j
Bridget W. Jerome to Frederick Jerome, lot oa
X line <f Polk tr.et,ao *of Pine, -% 3J by X
oJ:b: grant. "
.itvard 11. Mitchell to Idelle O. Mitchell, lot on
s in, of Do n ■ street. 8liKll(( hurch, X 25 b°
v i,,v, " Is 2 '"' on 8 line " f norland street, 14 5:6
gif? (.hurch. " 5 ' 8 116:11. SE 25:n/ , N 123:7;
si«r n iin'pTnrtVv, Ma K F - and Charles ' Silver*.
M»r:in r- an<l Nelne Mcbois. Woodward H. and
sss.v?s??oyfM: (DM 'cho!s) to Joseph
line of fcanta Clara street, 74 Wot Pennsylvania
avenue, W 106:9, .NE 203:6, SK 111:8, >\V 103;
$10.
William rollins to sam**. lot 01 N line of Santa
Clara S'.reet, 74 W of Pennsylvania nvenue, W
10u:9, N 17:6. Ei;o6:^, &E 111:8. SW 103, quit
claim dee 1 ; $5.
Mary L. Swain to Emma, Eveline and Martha
Livingston. Fioia and Stephanie Hess, Ida Gold
schinidL, Leontme OpD^nheinie/, Adele Karpe'es
and Alice Lietman, lot on N line of Santa Clara
street. 74 W of Pems>lvanla avenue, W 106:9,
NE 103:6, SE 111:8, S\V 10b; *10.
J. B. lia,;gin, Lloyd Tevls and Henry Wads
worth (trusses of the San Frar.cisco and Point
Looms Koad Company) to Florence G. I'erino, lot
on W line of Thirtieth avenue. 125 -\ of A street,
W 120 by N 50; also on N line of A street,
107:6 E ot'l hirty- first avenue, N 100 by t£ 25;
$605.
George M. and Florence G. Perine to Charles A.
Warren, same two pieces: ?675.
William crandeli to Arthur Coddington, lot on
SW comer of ii st.-eet and seventeenth avenue, S
60 by W 90; $1500.
& J. and Sophie Friedlander to S. J. Friedlander
A Co., lot on is line of Twenty-second avenue. 250
.-> of . street, S 25 by W 120; also lot on h line of J
street, 67:6 E of Thirty-third avenue, E 25 by S
100; a so lot on W line of I uirt. -lirat avenue, 175
B of J street, S 25 by W 120; $1.
L Newton Kosekraus to Henry Kin& lot on ME
liueuf Miguel street. 25 SK of Arlington, SE 25
by JSE 100, portion of lot 2. block 36, ialrmount;
ALAUKDA COUNTY.
.lames M. and William J. Daw and May Barreto
William Rpttic, lot on S line of Eighth street, 100
W of Adeline, W 33 by S 110, block 536, Oakland;
$10.
Mathewand Ida Lorch to Louis Bark man, lots
27 and 28. blcck C, lots 43 to 62, block 2, lots 20
to. 6 and 2)9 10 46, block 21, town of Newark,
Washington Township: 9100.
Swed sh M. k. Church of Oakland to Hans Peter
son, lot on s\V corner of Tenth and Center streets,
h. 117:3, s 40. W 116:11%, N 40 10 beginning, be
ing lot 21, block 562, Ei, nth-street Tract, Oak
land; grunt.
L. Nolan to Richard Murphy, lot on X line of
Filbert street. 149:.! a W of Eighteenth. S 37:6 by
X 125, being lot, 28 and « y s lot 29, block 594,
Market street Tract, Oakland: $1.
William A. aid Mary E. Mai. hews to Oakland
Bank of savings, lot on N W line of Everett street
and Blanding avenue, N of 100, vv 140, N 8, W
■-00, s 108. E 340 to beginning, being lots 7, 9, 11,
18,15 and 16, block ii, Alameda Park Home
■toad Tract, Alameda: also lot on on N line of
Clement avenue, 240 W of Everett street, W 160
by »N 150 lo s 7, 9 aud 11, block G, Alameda: $10.
Hugh Dougherty to Alice H. Dougherty, lots 3
and 4 and s\V 1/2 lot 2. block 17. town of Liver
mine, Murray Township: $10.
John G. and B. Klumpke to George Levlston,
land begin nil gat a point In the I nclnal line, so
called, which line is also the north boundary line
of a tract of lao'l called Tract A in deed of parti
tion made by Jc>s-ph K. Irving et al. dated August
15, 63, distant 269.68 W from eiti corner of said
Tract A, and a. an distant 264 perpendicularly \V
from a line In middle of Peralta street, thence S
789.76, NE 2C4.&3, SE 244.-.0 and to a point dis
tant perpendicularly W irom a line in middle of
IVral :i stieet 26-i, thence -N 679.01 10 beginning,
quitclaim deed. Oakland; $.1.
James I nvidson to Mary Davidson, lot ou SK
corner of West Fifth and P*-raltastreen,E 80.8. ■•
88, W parallel with W Hfth street 4>*. 25 by W
73:9, > to beginning, lots 28, 19, 30 and a portion
of lot 27. block xl, Bay View Homestead, Oak
land; gift.
Mary J. Woods to Charles Jurgens, lot on SK
corner of Clay and Sixteenth streets, b 103:9 b/ E
30, being the W3O feet of lot H, City liall Tract,
Oakland: 10.
T. K. E D.. Elizabeth A., P. L., Bridget M., H.
F. and Carrie Basse. t to P. X, Bowies, lot 16,
block A. lot 7, block B, Fruitvale Station Tract,
Berkeley; $10.
Agues M. and Samuel Yeo to Helen 31. Wett
stein, 10l on E line of Capp street. 60 N of Mivl
avenue. R 50 by X 100, portion of lot 15, block C,
DeWolf Tract, subject to a mortgage for »800,
Brooklyn Township; $10.
H. S. Seaton 10 H. P. Moreal, lot on S line of
Dayton avenue, 354 W of Paru street. s 21.26 to a
point where name is Intersected by E line of >her
mau street, thence N 22 10 S line 'of Dayton ave
nue, projec ed, E 16 to beginning. Alameda; $10.
H. P. and ■ mma E. Moreal to Charles J. Okell,
wine, Alameda; $10.
same to same, lot on S line of Dayton avenue,
265 W of Paru street, S 50, W 23.59. N 44.40, E
89 to beginning, being portion of lots 10 and 11,
block L", Oak Park, Alameda; $10.
Builders' Contracts.
Catherine Wren with Frank Gallagher, to erect
a five-rcom cottage on N line of \\ alter street, 90
E of Webster, $1570; Frank Gallagher architect.
Three l.mls ti» a Rope.
An Irishman who was out of work went
on board a vessel that was in the harbor
and asked the captain if he could find him
work on the ship.
"Well," said the captain, at the same
time handing the Irishman a piece of rope,
"if you can find three ends to that rope
you shall have some work.''
The Irishman then got hold of one end
of the rope, and, showing it to the captain,
said:
"That's one end, your Honor."
Then he took hold of the otuer end and,
showing it to the captain as before, said:
"And that's two ends, your Honor."
Then taking hold of both ends of the
rope he threw it overboard, saying:
"And, faith, there's an end to the rope,
your Honor."
He was engaged. —Spare Moments.
Lepers in India were treated with shock
ing inhuman. ty before Christianity was
introduced. Many of them were burled
anve. The English rulers have put a stop
to this custom and for fourteen years
there has been a special Christian mission
to the 135,000 lepefs in India.
THE CALL CALENDAR.
STKAMJUCS.
STEAMEKS TO AKRIVE.
SCN, MOO !i AX'U TiDK.
Cmtkd statics Coast ant> Gnnr>"-Ttr funvr.r
wfS.« A " N D H = IaHT B OF * HtOK ant, Low
?*""" AT *° XT Poin-t. Estbavck to
C-A.N * BAN *CIBCO BAY. I'OBLISKBD BY OFFI
CIAL AUTHORITY OK THJC t)Uf HKINTI£.VDK.\T.
NoTK-The high nd low waters occur at tha
cuy iront (Mission-street Wharf) about twenty
nvemniu.es later than nt Fort Point, me hel;hs
of tl.ie is th» sHm» a- both plat-As.
February — 1897.
•Note- In the above exposition of the tides th«
early morning tides are given In the left band
column, and the successive tides of the day la the
order of occurrence as to time. The second time
column gives the second tide of the day. the third
time column the third tide, and the last or right
hand column gives the last tide of the day, except
when there are bat three tides, as sometime*
secure. The heights given are additions to the
soundings on the United States Coast Survey
chart*, except when a minus sign (— ) precedes th«
height, and then the number given Is subtractlTa
from the depth given by th,e cbari*
NOTICiS TO MAKIIVJiK.-».
A branch of the United States Hydrographies
Office located in tha Merchant,-)' Exchange v
maintained in San Francisco tor the benefit ot
mariners without regard to nationality and free a"
expense. >y
Navigators are cordially invited to visit the»
office, where complete sei3 01 charts and saiiin" .'
directions of the world are kept on ham- or com"
liar son and reference, and the latest information
can always be obtained regarding lights, dangers
to navigation and all matters of interest to oc^an
commerce.
Tli'-tim- ball on top of the building on Tele
graph. Hill Is hoisted about ten minutes before
noon, and U dropped at noon. 120 th meridian by
telegraphic: sigual iece;ved each d»y from' th«
United states Naval Ooervaiory a. Mare IsiaoaT
A notice statin? whether the time ball vu
dropped on time, or giving the error, if any i,
puhlisueJ the same day oy the afternoon paper*
and by the morning papers the following day
W. s. Hughes.
Lieutenant. U. S. N., in charge.
The Time. B*ll.
ElAXrn JTYmtOORAPRrC OFKtO"!, CH. ■>? 1
Mjeceants 1 KxcßA^a ' V
Pan Francisco. February 19, 1337 )
The time ball on Teiegraoa Hill was <trono»l
exactly at noon to-day-u «.. »i noon oftheljj"!
Bifcridlim. or exactly at a tr. *_ Greenwich lira*
W. S. HuuHiM
Lieutenant U. S. .\. incuar<«.
SHll'Vl.Mi IJsXtLLIuK-NCMi.
Arrive I.
FRIDAY. February 19
Stmr Czarina, Seaman. 43 hours from Coos «.',.
mdse, to J D Spreckels A Kros Co. ' '
*tmr Washtenaw. Crosscup, 80 hours from t«
coma; 4 500 to.is coal. 10 si i' Co. Oaklant <iir .
Star Newsooy. Fosen, 22 hours from ,■!!,
230 M ft lumber, to Michigan Trust Co ' dl '
Sttur Mexico, .lepsen. (JO hours fro s a n
Diego and way ports; pass and mdse. to (ioodaii,
renting <t (.0.
Stmr .Navarro. Dugean. 48 hours from Kn
reko; lumber, .oGruv A Mitchell. """
Stmr Santa Cruz. Nicolson. 4 <;.-,-< i mm
Han Diego, . tc: produce, to Goodall, Perkins * , ■„
srmr Geo W Elder, Lewis, 59 y 2 hours from Ur".
land, via Astoria 471,;. hours; md to urlcun
Railway and .Navigation Co. • ""•»»un
stmr cieone. Johnson, — hours irom Cre.
cent City; lumber, 10 Gray A Mitchell.
Stmr Arcata. Cousins. 50 nours from Coo* R*-.
pass and mdse. to U C <fc N Co. ' :
s tmr Alice Blanchard. Uii'he- 4 days from
Portland, via Astoria - hoars; pass and mdsn
to Nor:h Pacific Steamship Co '
Br ship Woven by Hall, »iuaum, 7 days froiA
Nanaimo; coal, to John Kosenfeld'sSons 1
«-lear«'j ./
FRIDAY. February 19.
Stmr Walla Walla. Wallace, Victoria ana Fort
lownsend: .Goodall. Perkins A Co.
Sailotl.
FRIDAY, February 19.
Btmr Alcazar, Gundersnn.
Mmr Ciipsv. Iceland. >.. , » ','ni^.
Stmr Coos Bay, Hall. Newport and way ports.
Stmr Alcatraz, Carisou.
1el«(»ranl«io.
FOTNT JLOBH3. Feb. 19.-1 J p. *._Weatia
cloudy; wind \V; veioci.y l^aiUa,.
Charter*.
The schr Albert Meyer loads mdse tor Kahului.
The Br stmr Pelican loads lumber on the Sound
for Shanghai.
Domestic Por-.«.
COOSBAY-Salled Feb 19-Stmr Farallon for
San Francisco.
Arrived Feb 19-^tmr Chi kat, from Portland.
ASTORIA-Arnved Feb 19-s;mr State of Cali
fornia, hence Ft b 17.
FORT WRAGG-Arrlved Feb 19-Stmr Nova
hence Feo IS.
iEATTLK-Hailed Feb 1 «- Shi p St Nicholas. for
Sa . Francisco.
PORT BLAKE LEY -Sailed Feb 19— Schr John
A Campbell, for Newport.
.Eastern Port*.
NEW YORk-Cleared Feb 18-Haw bark lolanl,
for Honolulu.
Foreign Ports.
YOKOHAMA— Sailed Feb 3-Br stmr Mount Le
banon, for Oregon.
Pi.V I H -Arrived Feb IS-Br bark Dundee
from Port Blakeley.
QUEENSTO\V\\ — Arrived Fob 18— Brahlp Meri
oneth, hence Oct 20; Br rark Astoria, from Ore
gon: Brsbin X llsiand, hence Sept 27: Br baric
Gulf stream, from Orchon; lit bar* Maeljrwyn fm
Oregon: Brsiiip Lathom, hence Oct 6; Italb.rk
Essemplaie, hence Occ 22.
SWANbKA- Arrived Feb 18— Br ship Lord
Cairns, hence Ort 10.
CARDIFF— Feb 12— Br ship Irby, for Es
quim It.
NEWCASTLE, NSW— Sailed Feb 12— Schr Olga
for Honolulu.
Movements of Trans- Atlantic Steamer*.
NEW YORK— Arrived Feb 19-^tmr Spr (m
Bremen and Southampton. '-
Nal'LE*— ArriVed out Feb 19— Stmr Fulda.
GLASGOW— Arrived out Feb IS-Stmr Clrcav
3TOVILI.E— Sailed Feb 19-Stmr Ethopla, for
Importations.
CHINA AND JAPAN— Per China-3129 Pices \
mdse, 29.1 19 bass r cc. 287 pkg tea. 14 pigs raw 1
sik, 1410cs oil, 84 a curios. 8100 bags Japan
rice, 13 parcels 32 pkgs silk goods, '-'547 rolls mat
tint;.
Overland— 663 pkgs mdse, 1371 pkes tea, 918
pkgs raw silk, 409 cs curios. 200 sks Japan rice
29 parcels 67 pkgs si.k goods. 1734 rolls matting.
Central and South America— 1 44 pug* inds.-. 4
cs curios, 2110 bags China rice, 7-Ipkgi silk cools.
60 rolls matting.
San DIEGO— Per Mexlco-185 pkes mdse, 13
bdls calf hides. 740 bxs oranges. 430 bxs lemons,
•-7 bxs limes, 7 dcs marble, 4 sks beeswax 3 bbla
lkegohv.s, 1 b.ll dr. fish, 4 batter 11 s«i
dried apricots, 144 bdis hides. 13 bd!s calf hides,
3 bis tomatoes, i bx green fruit.
Newport— 7o3 oranges, 25 cs eggs, 10 bbls
sweet potatoes
RedoncJo— l4 sfcsc ilt«-9, 992 bxs oranges, 1 bbl
9 dried fruit, 26 sks potatoes, 71 bxs lemons, 1
cs hats. 4 sks cement, 5 bdls corn husks, 15 picgs
mi se, Isk grape fruit, 40 tea lard. 10 tes ta low g
cs hams. 30 tongues, ft cs olives.
Port Los Angeles — 194 bxs oranges, 33 iron rolls
24 pkss mdse, 4 b.xs typewriters, 5 rdis sacks. B'j
sks IScrispeas, 3 bxs lemons, 8 bxsp.ppers. 5
bxs limes, 10 bxs tomatoes. 1 sk brans.
Santa Uarbara-H pbgs mdse 69 bxs lemons, 60
bxs oranees. 16 bdls pelts. 7 pkgs ta'.low.
Port Uarfor.l— B bxs nsu. 1 tub 84i 2 bxs butter
78Va csesres, 40 pk^s mdse. 8 coops cnickens, 2 ci
wax, 1 5 bdts aides, 3cs honey. 3 tvs apples 1 b I
goat skins, 7cs cheese, 1 bdldry pelts. 20 cs olive
oil.
PORT HARFORD-Per Santa Cruz-317 iss
corn.
San Simeon — 34 hogs.
Redondo— 300 rails 600 angle bars.
Lompoc— B pkfjs nidse. 1 pkg hardware. 2 bxs
baking powder. 2 bJls dry macs. 1169 sks mus
tard 1.30 sks beans. 1557 t>»r>v.
PORTLAND AND ASTORIA-I*er Geo W -
der— 845 sk* onions, 4654 >>■ pc.ia.-oes, 169 pks<»
bides and skins, 140 bb:s fish oii.S' .. « wool. Si°
sks wheat, 240 sks oa;s. 2tOo sks bran. « cars •• » ,
bdlß sin oks, 851 pics rn^er. 765 ptcs utora,
19a cs Oootaand 5...- - M stlncies, 60 sks oy
sters.
COOS BAY— Per CSMAI «r— TSO tons co«J. 1 coop
chickens. 910 sks ;viv.* :<ps I c* taace, 6 sks coin,
9 pkgs express.
COOS BAY— Per Arcptfi-*MS :or*co»:, 392 sks
potatoes, 6cds mjbi^Lwood, 6 rscwaptss, ■-' pfcgs
express.
PORTLAND-1>- Ailre X aacSard-S c* mdse,
Ics guns, '11 pkjjs harr*-i Mds 98 Mft lumber.
160 M laths. 100 M s&l&ctes. 4009 bd snooks. 4
pk<gs honey, 3U eds matt :.»o.>: 1 cs saoes.
Cou«lc">*o».
Per Czarina— .T D^preckels * Bros Co;Wellman.
Peck & Co; aicDonocga«S Ruayon: We Is, Fargo
& Co; Thomas Louinran: M P Detels.
PerChina-G L Koiko; n D lestock: HH
Bereer * Co; X Mochida; Mftoondray * Co: M .1
Brandensielu it Co: M f-hibata; McPherson .»-.
RucKer: order: O Staacke; Macondrav Bros it,
Lock»rd: L Lion A --on; 1 arrott A Co: Wm Ro:h;i
Toyo Co; Joha Be .man Co; various Chinese mer-f
chants. r
Per Santa Cruz -Standard Oil Co ; B Levy A C»;
Calm, Nlckelsbur* A Co: Erlanger A Gallnger; J M
Moore A Co: Field A Stone: H l>ulard; Jndson Mf«
Co; J A Police it Co: Lynde A Houga: Ko;h,
Mum A Co: %V B Isaacs.
Per Oeo \V Klder-H Dntard: D E Allison A Co:
Wolf* son: Erlanger AGallnger: Allen & Lewis;
Jonn F English: Uaitou linn; Gould A Jaudin: A
l.'vy vk'o. McDonoußhA Runyon; W J Murray:
Moore. Ffiguson A. Co; J C'Neppa'b: W J Mur
ray: B (iiibrie ; Judson Fruit Co; J Eilanger A Co:
J Kvenllrjir>b Co; L Sca:«na A 10; S Kcs-land: (»
E Kujtrson: Geo Morrow A Co; lilcbet Bros: D M
Bellman; H Uabtiei; Farmers' Market: Sneldon
Milling Co; Blssincer A Co; H Frank 4 Co: M.
Frii-dman & o: Willamette Pulp A Paper Co; H.
\V Frank: Fogartyifc Parker: Geo Morrow it Co:
Buckingham, Heeht&co: Otis, McAllister A Co:
Anspacher Bros: Wellman. Pecu<E v; Western
Roll Paper Co: Standard Oil Co: Clatsop Ml 1 Co;
Darbee A Inimel: M E A Wagner; Capt Bolies; C
Carlson; edit Bros.
Per Mexico -Pnyot, Upham A Co: O'Hara it
I.lvermore; f'orter Bros A Co: A Gall! Fruit Co: (»
R Starr A Co; Campodonico A Malcolm: Greeley's
1 xi.rpss: \\e'.nn,ri' Broi; Goldberg, Bowen A Co:
sail Francisco «trewini{ Co: Milwa ke« Brewery;
Holbrook, Merrill A Stet»on: Dairymen's Union ; C
A Me er A Co: Evele;h A Naiti: Gray A Barbleri ;
\V H Mc<.'or:nic-c : w H Sumner A Co: Wolf A Son:
W F Mitche.l: DIS Allison A Co: L Scatena <JSCo:
Geo Windier; Coats Tnr**d Co: Levi Spiegel A Co:
Ullmer, BreUhoff A Schnlz; C E Whitney AC): a
\V Warner: J Ivancovicn A C<>: Gould A Jaudln;
Fairbank. Mo St- A Co; J Demart Dl ACo; ji o
Greennood; ImmelACu: De Bernardl A Co ; J H
Cain A Co: Flacli A Co; AJ B Immel ; R F Cox A
Co: Dal'on Bros; If i';i'r,'er: H sllvei Stein: w 1»
D:iy; McDonough A Rnnyon; F II Am s A Co; F
B l-etersun <k to; t_..luml) • I Offeeand -p . c Mills:
X hocn«?; Herman Kiau c; A Qu»de A Co: Cali
fornia Ink 0; I Lleb: United '!'•• pewriter Supply
Co; Haas, Baruch A Co: Baker A Hamilton: Howe
s-caleco; Chaix A hern: Dod«e. Sweeney A Co:
American Union Fish to: Witzei A Baker;' H H
suttler ACo; M O'Brien: Brigham, HoppeA Co;
Wheaton. Breon A Co: H Kirch maun A Co: Bui
ter.ck I'u < o: Marshall A Heimers: J B Inttu^lii,:
W W Montague A Co; M T Freitas A Co; Carl sol
lurrl^rACo: Pacific Coa*t Flab Co: Hills Bros: \ ;
Levy A Co; <; Camlllonl A Co; F Cava^naro- J \f
G.t!e A Co: D Biagi A Co: Bissineer A Co: G One**)
A Co; Buckingham, Hecht Co: Geti Bros A Co: '
•J W i.a c AC: A Pailies: Kni»-t>rise Brewery;
Ross. Sanders ACo: Marshall A Reim rs; Judsbi
Fruit Co: Norton. Teller A Co; ,ti S Tno nacn; P
W se by; Trobock A Bergen ; Chas Jacobsoa A Co;
Mlna-erA weibanks; Ldtb<i 1-xchaiiKe P Ber
win A Bros; Buss, t-.arlv A Co; F B Haight- Wd
Cllne; IVople's Express; S Levy A Co
Per Alice Blanchard— E P Alien A Co: DH Eicb
Lumber Co; Lucas A Co; Clatsop Mill Co- Bar tit
.Match Co; J H Newbnuer A Co; Rosenthal "i'edsr
A • o; J C Bauer: H Herman.
Per Arcata— Wells, Fargo A Co; Sanford Grocery
Co; Thomas Louchran: Marshall, Tetsart &Co ;
I Marshall & Kelmers. **A DESERTED WIFE
TAKES POISON
Mrs. Annie Baker's Life
Saved Only Because of
Timely Help.
Despondent on Account of Sep
aration From Husband and
Two Children.
Since a Fruitless Search in Mexico
.the Sorrowfu. Woman Has B en
Despondent
Oakland Office Sax Frasctsco Call,
90S Broadway, Feb. 19. )
But for the timely arrival of a doctor
Mrs." Annie Baker would undoubtedly
have died this morning. Mrs. Baker
lives on Webster street and swallowed a
large dose of carbolic acid, and owing to
• the fact that she ha* been very despondent
of late, her friends believe that she in
tended to end her life.
° During the past few weeks she has fre
quently slated that such was her desire.
Mrs. linker has a pitiful history. Four
w,srs ago her home was one of the hap
-JT t.in Oakland. She was the wife of a
•\a3chinist, and their family consisted of
ir.erhselve? and two little children. They
lived 'in North Oakland, and the mother
tfus a graduate from the public schools,
where she distinguished herself by her
high standing in every subject she under
took 10 study.
. .Mrs. Baker married early in life, but
everything was harmonious in their fam
■iiy till she was suddenly deserted by her
huoband. He left her and the children
•without saying where he was gointr, but
was later discovered in Mexico. He went
soinh with the husband of a companion
of Mrs. Baker's, and alter the little chil
"tfren had been sent to their grandmother
"me two women undertook to go to Mexico
and try to induce their husbands to re
turn. Their journey south was full of
adventure, but. they did not accomplish
•be purpose for which they went. Mrs.
Baker .placed her little children in an or
phanage and was forced to work to sup
port herself.
, The separation from her little ones and
the cruel desertion of her husband caused
her to become despondent, and for the
'past year she has frequently resorted to
drink for the purpose of drowning her
" c"a re
Tbis morning she was heard crying in
lien room, and when some one went to her
she said that she had swallowed a dose of
carbolic acid. Dr. O. L. Jones was at once
summoned and relieved the woman before
the drug had commenced its deadly w rk.
Although bndly burned in the mouth and
tMront, she will almost certainly recover.
She denies any intention of trying to end
her life and says she took the drug by ac
cident.
DR. WENDTE REPLIES.
: Proud of Being the Longest .Estab
lished Protentaiit Minister In
Oakland.
OAKLAND, Cal.. Feb. 19.— Dr. Wendte
y-hed a long letter to-night in which |
jje criticized the revivalist Dr. Munnall for j
the remarks made by the latter gentleman
last night. Dr. Wendte says:
J regret to see that the revivalist Dr. Mun
hall Is very angry. This is not the temper in
which to commend the cos pel of a loving and
forgiving Christ to his hearers, nor is it favor- .
able to the "sober mind" in which religious !
differences should be discussed.
The doctrine of a lrcal, material and end- I
less hell is so abhorrent to the reason and con
science of enlightened man, so foreign to the
'general spirit cl Christ's teachings mid so !
blasphemes the lovinc fatherhood of God that
■ Ido not wonder Dr. Munha',l hastens to dis
avow all personal responsibility for It and
throws it upon the Bible, or rather upon car
. taiu passages in the Bible,
After referring at great length to various
. authorities to disprove the existence of a
literal and endless hell, the Unitarian
divine concludes as follows:
Mr. Mnnhall's personalities are Indifferent
me. He is a stmnger in Oakland, and it is
unseemly In him to criticize ana condemn
from liis tit tide r knowledge the longest settled
Protestant pastor over one and the same
church in this city, one of Its most intelligent
(congregations and the one most active in
gobfl works. The Kabiola Hospital, Humane
Sociotv, ' babot Home, Ebell Society, Starr
King Fraternity and* other charities and helps
to liifhi-r life In Oakland are our best reply to
Mich derogatory remarks. True, I am a liberal
in. religion. But liberalism does not mean in
difference. It means a way of thinking, the
\vn.y of truth in love. I try, at least, toobserve
both these principles in my public utterance*.
; Hut any cruelty, any inhumanity, rouses me,
whether In doctrinal teaching or in practice.
This Is why I publicly braided the horrible
end erroneous teaching of Mr. Munhail. For
every true, just, loving and helpful word he
tii'. -iv creak he will find me ever responsive and
grateful.
MUST LABOR FOR ALL.
Any Selfish Work Will Result In the
Candidate Being Pulled
Down. •
A LAM EDA, Cal., Feb. 19.— The Har-
D nic Hall Non-Parlisan advocates cau
i# -^d last ni^M and decided to present a
\ rm declaring in favoT of limiting the
'■■*' rate to $1 on the |100 valuation.
Another feature will be the indorsement
of the municipal ownership of public
utilities, provided the popular vote
showed the citizens favored it.
Two resolutions were passed, one of
which warned ;ill candidates that if they
.< r'franized any clubs to advance their own
" individual interest the executive commit
tee would "pull them down." They must
work lor the whole ticket or none. No
opposing political parties will be allowed
to participate in the convention, all at
teftding beint; compelled to pledge their
support to the ticket named.
The convention will be held Tuesday
evening. After organization, adoption of
platform and nominations the delegates
will vole in booths numbered according to
precincts and lettered for namti of voters
according to the alphabet.
Married and I. eft His Brid*.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Feb. 19.— Miss Jennie
A. Baker «nd J. C. Crowley were mairied
y Justice Morris at 8 o'clock, the only
witnesses being Mr. and Mrs. C. M. Day,
:»ie latter being a s:ster to the bride. Mral
< rowley attracted considerable notice
about a year ago by walk ing from Los Ange
les to this city. She is only 19 years of age
and since her arrival here has been resid
ing with her sister. The groom tailed this
afternoon as mate of a missionary boat
for Honolulu. His wife will remain in this
.city for tno present.
Snowballed With Hail.
JALAMEDA, Cal., Feb. 19.— The storm,
yich hat continued daily for over two
yeeks, turned into a hailstorm this morn
fng and covered the ground with a white
icy coating. Every boy and many men
were engaped in snowballing for a few
minutes. Several windows were broken
about town. The streetcar men were
besieged by the hoys at Santa Clara avenue
end Park street, and were compelled to
run a gauntlet. A block below, at Webb
avenue, the firemen lined up and bom
barded the unlucky employes. Little
damage was <:one and the bail toon dis
appeared from sight.
ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
SCENE IN THE OAKLAND CITY PRISON.
OAKLAND, Cal., Feb. 19. — Chief Lloyd, the labor onions, the Christian Endeavorers, the Society for the Prevention of
Cruelty to Children have all declared that the City Prison is quite unfit for the detention of young prisouers and others who
may be in the keeping of the police for various reasons, although not criminals. Successive Grand Juries expressed the same
opinion, and still nothing has been done. Young girls ana drunken old womon, and children, are necessarily herded together
because there is no other accommodation.
GRAND MARSHAL ORDERS
A Grand Parade Arranged for
Celebrating Washington's
Birthday.
Veterans and 0 fiaals, Fraternal
Scc.eties aud Scuoo. Children
Will B? in Line.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway, Feb. 19. )
Henry P. Pulton, grand marshal of the
Washington's birthday celebration, Issued
his official bulletin this afternoon. The
parade will be composed of the following
companies, officials, schools and societies:
ADVANCE.
Chief of Police C. K. Lloyd, mounted.
Mourned oftlcers.
Platoon of police, Captain W. F, Iletcber com
manding.
Grand Marshal Henry P. Dalton.
Chief of atari, Ckpl.nu 'A eul> .N. I'earcc.
Chairman of pura.;e committee, Ci li. sillier.
Alda-de-camp to «rand marshal.
FIESr DIVISION.
Fifth Inlaairy band.
.Major J. F. Hayes, commanding second Battalion
Fifth luf.iu.ry jiegiuieDt, N. O. U.
Company a, Capta.n C. X. I'ou ter.
toiii|ittuy (i, Cap.am W. M. r-impion.
Company X, Captain G. H. YVelhern.
BECONU 111 VISION.
Marshal.
Alia.
Oakland Fire Department, W. H. Fair chief.
Host- Com] any 3.
Chemical Engine company 1.
Engine company 1.
Look and ..aaiier Company 1.
Engine Cumpaiiy 6.
TH III) i>IVJBIO>f.
Marshal.
A Ida.
Uncle -^atii.
Band.
Patriarchs Militant, Oakland Canton No. 11,
I. O. O. F.
Lincoln School, T. < '. Crawford principal,
ijraini Army of the Itepubllc.
l.yon foal .no. h.
Appomatox Post -No. 50.
Voner l'o*L
Joe ilooKt-r Post.
Lookout, Mountain Pont.
Oakland Janlur ijrum Corps.
Mexican War Veterans lii carriages.
George Washing on Jr., .Master Herbert Chas*.
i'resi-oit bihool, C. F. Gnlick principal.
ini'iii! D1V19IOS?.
Marshal.
Aids.
Band.
Uniform Hank K. of l».
Uurant Bcnool, S. G. .-. l)i;nbar principal.
Kxempt i iremen of Oakland.
Central school, I. M. Fisher principal.
loat— tiunbout.
Cleveland Dicvclo riders.
Harrison School, Miss H. AJ. principal.
FIFTH division.
MaribaL
Aids.
Oliver Drum Corps.
< Iii:; Ma donald.
Court Oakland No. 48, F. of A.
Clawion school, Miss Julia K. Colby principal.
Boys' Brlgjde.
.Lafayette Scnoo 1 ., Alias a. F. a ldr.ch principal.
SIXTH DIVISION.
Marshal.
Aids.
li ,nd,
California Commandery \o. 1, U. A. M., H. C
Zimmerman commanding.
American iiome Uuardof ban FrancSico, Major
Branuorn commanding.
San Francisco council, J. i.. U A m
Abraham Lincoln I ouncil, J. Q. U. M.
U. 8. Grant Council, J o. U. A. M
James A. Gartidd i o.incll, J. (i tj a M
Starr King council, J. > tT. A. il"
Alexander lluii:i: cm Ci>un:-> . J. (> 17 A M
Daughters of liberty of hau Francisco' and Oak
land.
Alameda County councils. J. O. U. A M •
general George A. Cusier Council".
James Mouroe Council.
General John A. I.i.jan Council
Henry Clay Council.
Cole School. G-orge \V. Frlck principal
Tompklna school, C. K. Markhani principal.
■ KVKNTK HI VI MOV.
Marshal.
Aids.
Franklin School, J. F. Chandler principal.
Hwett School, J. t-umn.T pilnclpal.
Garlield School, Ellen oibts principal
Mayor of Oak and, lion. J. i.. Uavie. '
Board of l'ubllc Works. '
Board of Health.
city Council.
Hoard of duration.
County officer).
Board of Supervisors.
Zl'iH'lC VISION.
Marshal.
Aids.
Oakland Tarn Vereln. Paul l."ih commanding
Temescul school.
Colombia bicycle riders.
Pluie Indians in warpaint.
» ♦ «
The Operatic Society.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Feb. 19.— At a recent
meeting of the Alameda Operatic and
Dramatic Bociety it was concluded, on ac
count of Washington's birthday falling
on rehearsal ni^bt, to postpone rehearsal
from Monday to Thursday evening, 25th
inst.
It was the intention of the society to
produce "The Sorcerer," by Gilbert and
Sullivan, during tne latter part of March,
but on account of the short space of time
for renearsal and the close proximity to
Lent it was concluded not to stage the
opera until tne first week after Easter,
and, in the meantime, to study some other
opera ,o be produced after ''The Sor
cerer."
THE SAX FRAXCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 20, 1897.
SNOWFALL AT ALVARADO
A Small Cloudburst Washes
Away a Part of Gr.zz y
Peak.
Pleasan!on Farrnrs Havo Been De
layed From Putting 1 1 Crop>
by the R^i 1
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,)
BOS Broad wuy, Feb. 19. [
The storm of last niijht and this moru-
Inx has done but little damage in this
county, and with the exception of the
wrecking oi a few street signs and wooden
walls, no real damage is reported.
During the night a cloudburst struck
Grizzly Teak and washed out a large gully
in the side of the mountain. Several
bowlders and small trees were carried
away into the canyon.
At Alvarado much snow has fallen, and
for the first time in years the hills are
white almost to their base. On account
of there being so much snow and hail
with the storm there is not so much flood
ing at the salt marshes as there was in the
storm of two weeks ago. The Chinese
district is overflowed and many of the in
habitants have been forced to move to
higher lands, after having their furniture
destroyed.
The new culvert at Hayward*, which
was bunt last summer, has proved to be
all that was expected of it and for the first
time in many years li street has not been
washed away. The orchards have suf
fered to some extent by the soil being
washed away from the roots of fruit trees,
but many storms of shorter duration have
done # much more damage.
Tiio farmers at I'leasnnton have not
been able to sow their seed for this year's
crops and to them (he long rain is a great
disappointment, llai the crops oeen
sown a month a o they would now be
above grcumi. Even alter the rain ceases
i sev rai days must elapae Lefore the farm
ers can get to work.
The Ban Leandro Creek has not yet
overflowed, but after this morning's storm
the water had reached very near the
safety limit. Reports from all over the
county show that much less damage has
been done than was expected.
DEATH OP MRS. DUNHAM.
For m Qunrter of a Century She Graced
Local Society.
OAKLAND, Cal., Feb. 19.— Mrs. B. F.
Dunham died at her home on Alice and
Durant streeis this afternoon. Mrs. Dun
ham has been ill for some time and the
nature of her malady precluded any hope
of her recovery. A few weeks ago she was
taken to the Women's Hospital in San
Francisco and a consultation of phya cians
was held, al which It was decided that nn
operation could not save her life and she
was brought home.
Mts. Dunham has always been promi
nent in social circles and was an active
church member, being identified with
many of the charitable organization* in
this city. Prior to her marriage as Miss
Rand, the daughter of United Btates
Marshal Rand, she was an acknowledged
leader in San Francisco society.
Twenty-five years ago *he married B. F.
Dunham, the senior member o: the firm of
Dunham, (Jarrijcan <fc Hayden, of San
Francisco, and soon ufter their marriage
they made their home in this city. The
deceased lady was 53 years of age and her
family consists of three daughters.
Commander Booth Coining.
OAKLA.ND, Cal., Feb. 19.— Commander
Booth Tucker, who iB in charge of the
Salvation Army in this country, will ar
rive on the coast next mouth. On March
21 he will be in this city, and special
meetings and demonstrations will be held.
Patriotic School Uxercite*.
OAKLAND, Cal.. Feb. 19.— At til of the
public schools the 165tb anniversary of the
binh of George Washington was cele
brated to-day. There were no classes
held, but under the direction of the prin
cipals and teachers patriotic programmes
were rendered bp the pupils. Next Mon
day, when the parade is held, a body of
school children will march in each divi
sion of the parade.
At the Maodonoagh.
OAKLAND, Cal., Feb. 19. — Sousa's
band, numbering rifty solo artists, with
Mrs. Elizabeth Northrop soprano and
Miss Martina Johnstone Tiolinist, will
fMTe one 01 its famous concerts at the
Macdor.ouph Theater on Tuesday ni>:ht.
A magnificent production of "Sparta
cu-" will be given on Thursday uight at
the Mactlonoußh by Louie James and his
excellent company.
WILL INVITE DELEGATES.
Oakland Wi i Benefi by the
National Convention Chris
tian EDdeavorers
Thousands of Wel!-Il ustrated Vol
u-nes Will Be G yon to Visitors
From the East.
Oakland Office Sax Fbawcisco Call,)
908 Broadway, Feb. 19. (
The directors of the Oakland exposition
have decided to get the full benefit of the
presence of the Christian Endeavor dele
ga'es to the National convention in this
Sate. They haTe arranged that the an
nual Oakland exposition *ha!l take place
so as to cover the days that the conven
tion will be in session.
At the exposition there will be a grand
Christian Endeavor demonstration, and
special efforts will be made to bring thou
sands of the delegates to this side of the
bay. Tbe Endeavorers in this oity will
aid the project by every means in their
power, being equally anxious with the
exposition directors to advertise Alameda
County where the movement to bring the
National convention to the coast origina
ted.
A few days ago the Supervisors made an
appropriation to be used under the direc
tion of the Merchants' Kxcbang.- and
Board of Trade for the purpose of cir
culating 10.000 copies of a volume entitled
"Facts and Figures of Alaineda County."
Each of these books will b»ar the im
print of the authorization of tne Board of
.Supervisors and will be accepted as relia
ble. It contains more matter compiled in
v more pleasant manner than anything of
the kind yet published in this city. Ii is
handsomely illustrated, entirely innocent
of all advertising matter and bears out
perfectly its title.
When the Endcavoren are here several
thousand of these volumes will be placed
in their hands, and by this means facts
and figures of Alameda County will be
carried into thousands of places where
they will be most useful, for it is every
where acknowledged that the very best
elements of social, commercial and re-
Jijtioui life are represented by that body.
M'MULLIN MOVED.
He Did Not liefuae to Pay HU Oa m
paign .4 laeiiment.
OAKLAND. Cal., Feb. 19.— Dr. D. A.
i McMullin, Republican nominee for School
Director from the Fourth Ward, bas with
drawn, and consequently there will be no
Republican candidate for School. Director
from that ward. A few day-' the Republi
can City Central Committee published
their ticket, with a blank opposite tbe
Fourth Ward School Director. Secretary
Bishop stated that this was done because
McMullin reiused to respond to the cam
paign-iund assessment. To-day tbe sec
retary received a letter from Dr. McMul
iin, in which be said that, having changed
bis residence from tbe Fourth to me Sev
enth Ward, he cannot be elected. He de
nies very indignantly that tbe assessment
bad anything to do with bis withdrawal.
As matters now stand, Dr. McMuliia's
name will be on the printed ballot, but
every vote for him will be a vote wasted.
It is too late now to make any changes,
tbe legal time for so doing having elapsed
a week «go.
To Help the Unemployed.
OAKLAND, Cal., Feb. 19.— The di
rectors of the Associated Charities have
is-ued the following lever in the hope
that it will relieve many of the unem
ployed of this city:
Oakland, Cal., Feb. 18, 1897.
Editor Enquirer: Wouid you kindly call the
earnest attention of tbe public to the special
scope of work under the direction of the em
ployment committee of the Associated Uharl
tlfcs. The object of the committee is to obtain
employment for worthy appllcauts, both men
and women. Before recommending an appli
cant careful inquiry is iumk- as to his or ncr
worthiness and ability to perform tbe required
work. We hope to gain the co-operation uf the
public in so far as 10 give the association an
opportunity to furnish help when required.
Many persons known tons are seeking em
ploymeut, and will not the citizens of Oakland
help our honest, worthy and willing laboring
class to lessen their distress, improve their
condition and maintain their self-respect?
If. J. Keller, Jamei A. Johnson, Mrs. C. H.
Redington, James P. Taylor, K. Wiand, com
mittee. Helen Kelly, Secretary.
Hllborn Only Human.
OAKLAND, Cal,, F«b. 19.— fh» Mer
chants' Exchange received a telegram to
day from Congressman Hilborn in reply
to one sent from here last Tuesday. Mr.
Uilborn says: "We ure doing all that
human beings can do to save the appro
priation for Oakland harbor."
COMMUTERS AS
PUBLIC OFFICIALS
The Question Has Been
Forced Into Municipal
Politics.
A Campaign Scheme That Mer
chants Are Anxious to Trace
to Its Source.
Attempt to Create Sympathy by an
Assumption cf Something
That Is Not.
Oakland Office Satt Fran-cisco Call,)
908 Broadway, Feb. 19. J
A feature which has always been more
or less prominent in local politics has
been brought forward at this time in a
very definite manner. It relates to the
opposition agiinst business men of San
Francisco wno reside in Oakland being
elected to municipal offices.
During the past few days an anonymous
circular has been sent to every prominent
citizen of Oakland regarding this oppo
sition. The circular pretends to set forth
that if this opposition be not withdrawn
the 4SOO commuters who reside here but
draw th^ir salaries in San Francisco will
be led to change their residence.
It is very evident that the circular has
been sent out in the interest of a few can
didates who are "commuters." One ol
these is Seth Mann, the Democratic candi
date for Mayor, who is a San Francisco
attorney, and the other B. C. Covelher,
who fs on the Republican ticket for Coun
cilman at large. The circular states that
tbo commuters are "clannish and know
that they are a class unto themselves,"
and the warning is given out that "if they j
are discriminated against the wiole army
of commuters, men and vromen alike, will
be antagonized."
"More tban this," it says, "the commu
ters, Knowing as they do'how much they
contribute to the support and welfare of
Oakland, feel that they have a right to
representation in administering the af
fairs of the city. They demand it as
their right and will not be denied. The
Oakland commuter cannot hold an elec
tive municipal office in San Francisco,
but every American citizen feels he has
the inherent right to aspire to political
i.onors in the city of his h. me, and he
will net surrender that right to the ca
price or prejudice of any clique. The
Oakland merchant would do well to think
it over twice before he concludes to dis
criminate politically against the very class
of people who contribute so largely to
his own support."
Leading members of the Merchants'
Exchange and the Board of Trade are
heartily condemning this method of cam
paigning and assert that it is a cheap
method of attempting to divert votes to
its authors. Reference is made to the fact
that one of the most active and useful
Mayors that Oakland ever had, Geortre C.
Pa rdee, is a San Franc: sco oculist. Now,
however, that the Mityor is a member of
the Police and Fire commissions and
Board of Works and should attend on an
average about one meeting a day the ar
eunient in favor of electing men to that
office whose business is in this city is
somewhat strengthened
SMOTHERED HER BABE.
The Child of Mrs. Stephen Keno of
North Berkeley l>ie« by
Her Side.
BERKELEY, Cal., Feb. 19. — Mrs.
Stephen H. Reno of 1731 Virginia street,
North Berkeley, accidentally smothered
to death her five-day-old babe this morn
ing. The child had been nursing, and
during the period the mother fell asleep
and rolled over on tbe infant in such a
way as to cut off its breathing. When
Mr?. Rono awoke she was horrified to find
her child cold in death by her side.
It was her first and only child, and the
mother is completely overcome with grief
as a result of the deat of the little one.
LIKE A BOOMERANG.
Editor Hopper's Scathing Words
Come Back to Him
Again.
Tne Subject fcr the Big Intercollegiate
Debate Has Been
Chosen
BERKELEY, Cal., Feb. 19.— The criti
cism burled at the faculty of the State
University by the students through the
columns of the Occident on the ground of
their holding themselves aloof from stu
dent interests, as told in this morning's
Call, has had the effect of a boomerang,
and now some of the so-called dis
gruntled editor? wish they bad held back
their missile of reform.
So far as is known tbe author of too
linai referred to in the student journal
ban not been summoned before tbe fac
ulty for an explanation, but bis ears must
have fairly burned all day long because of
tne reflection of tbe soorcbing which be
intended to give the professors. The fac
ul;y in general regard his reference to
them as a piece of Mierility born or ig
norance. In fact the matter bas not so
far been regarded seriously.
STUDENTS TO CELEBRATE.
Next Friday la the Day Set for the
Jubilee at the State
University.
BERKELEY. Cal., Feb. 19.— The stu
dents and faculty of the university are
planning for a celebration in honor uf the
passage of the "1 cent tax bill," which
will increase the income of the institution
in tbe neighborhood of $120,000 annually,
under the existing valuation of property
in the State.
To fittingly celebrate the success of the
university, next Friday afternoon will be
given over as a holiday, when toe student
cadets will parade in honor of the Gover
nor and legislators. Speeches will be
made in the gymnasium by the faculty
and prominent alumni, and a general love
feast will take place afterward.
President E.ston or the Associated Stu
dents was in coherence with President
Kellogg to-day, outlining plans for the
celebration. At the request of Governor
Budd, it was decided to set next Friday
afternoon aside as the date for the festivi
ties, since thtn it would be possible for
nearly all the members of the Legislature
to be present, which would not be the
case if held earlier in the week. Lieuten
ant Winn lias given bis consent to the
postponement of regular drill from next
Children Cry for Pitcher's Castoria.
Thursday afternoon until Friday, when
the grand review of the battalion will be
held.
It is proposed to have a special train
run down from Sacramento with the
legislators, and that they be met at the
depot by a detachment of cadets, given a
military salute and escorted in Honor to the
campus. Following the review will be the
exercises in the "gym," when addresses
are expectel to b" made by Governor
Budd, President Kellogg, President Wil
liam R. Davis* of the Alumini Association.
Regent J. B. Remstein, State School Su
perintendent Samuel T. Black Senator
Fred Stratton, Assemblyman Howard E.
Wright and President Elston of the Asso
ciated Students.
The Subject of Debate.
BERKELEY, Cat,., Feb. 19.— Tie repre
sentative* of the University of California
have selected toe following question for
the intercollegiate debate with Stanford,
which takes place in April: "Resolved,
That the members of the Cabinet should
have a seal and a voice in Congress."
The question was forwarded last night
to the representatives of Stanford, who
will choose the side on which they will
debate. The Stanford debaters, who have
already been chosen, are John M. Switzer,
A. B. Morgan and Miss Stebbiiis. The
Berkeley debaters have not yet been se
iec:ed, but the preliminary debates will
probably be held within the next few
weeks.
Gone to Stockton.
BERKELEY, Cal.. Feb. 19.— The uni
versity glee, mandolin and banjo clubs
went to Stockton this afternoon, where
they were billed for a concert to-night.
The clubs will give a concert in San Fran
cisco on the evening of March 1.
Fnncral of C. T. H- Palmer-
BERKELEY, Cal., Feb. 19.— The funeral
of Charles T. H. Palmer, who died yester
day at his home on Bancroft way, will
take place to-morrow afternoon at 2
o'clock, from the family residence. The
services will be private; interment at
Mountain View.
ALASKANS COMPLAINING.
They Are Not Treated as Are
the People of th? O:her
States.
M. L. G Kaufman Enlisting Sympathy
ani Support From the Pacific
States.
Alaska is trying to secure better recog
nition from Congress, and to that end she
is enlisting the sympathy of the Con
gressional delegations of the States bor
dering on the Pacific. M. L. G. Kaufman
of Juneau is down here on a mission to
the commercial bodies to secure their sup
port, and he has received it. In speaking
of the situation up there and its needs, be
says:
We want a delegate In Congress who shall
be elected by our own people; a man who is
thoroughly conversun't wltn our needs and
who cau be of service to us in getting existing
lawi changed and new ones introduced. The
members of Congress are not the least de
pendent upon an Alaska constituency, and
for that reason are liable to overlook the Ter
ritory in its needs. Our demands are very
moderate and few. All we as-k of the Govern
ment is to treat us fairly and give us the same
laws as are given to any other portion of its
domain.
The prohibitory law pertaining to the im- |
porlatiou, manufacture and sale of liquors is :
one ot them. This law was passed many years i
ago, and Its purpo.-e was to prevent Indians
from obtaining liquor. At the time the law
was passed It operated splendidly and un
doubtedly was very useful in preventing
liquor from coming into the hands of Indians.
To-day it has exactly the opposite effect
Liquor is smuggled into an<l sold in the Ter
ritory from all quarters. We want this law
repealed and In place of it a law enacted
wnlcn permits the sale of liquor with a high j
license and binding restrictions. It will thus I
give us a class of people engaged in thai busi- |
ness, who are thoroughly responsible and re
liable, and who will not sell liquor to any j
others than whites. As it is now we have too
many saloons and some of them do not hesi
tate to fell liquor to the natives. All good,
law-abiding citizens of Alaska are very much
opposed to any liquor being sold to Indians,
and courts and juries have in every instance
inflicted the most severe punishment upon i
offenders when convicted.
If the Government would place a high
license upon Ibis business, a very considerable
revenue would be derived; while, on the other
hand, the liquor sold would be bought in
American territory, whereas it is now almost
exclusively bought aud smuggled in lrom
British Columbia.
We have absolutely no land laws whatever.
In the cities and other places the title to the
lana improved and built upon Is of no better
tenure than the mere temporary right of
possession. Such a condition Injures our pros
pects, ior capital Is very timid-aud is recluct
aut to invest where the claim to«title is so very
uncertain. All we ask is for the Government
to give to us the same land laws as are given to
other portions of the Union.
Many petitions and requests have been
directed to Congress in our behalf, but without
material results. The possibility of accomplish
ing much in the line of legislation without a
n i, resentative has proven very difficult. We
believe that if a representative of our own Ter
ritory was admitted to Congress these matters
could be presented in mi intelligent and an
effectual manner.
The importance of my mission is highly ap
preciiited by the president and secretary of
your Chamber of Commerce, and 1 must say
you have the right men in the right places. I
will only add that Mr. Lip] man Soclis oi Sachs
Bros., in this City, who is a friend of my busi
ness firm, has shown me the utmost courtesy
and has materially aided me iv speedily ful
filling my mission.
In answer to his request Hugh Craig,
president of the Chamber of Commerce,
has sent the following to Washington:
To the Honorable Senate and House of Repre
sentatives, Washington, D. C— Gentlemen: Tne
Chamber oi Commerce ot San Francisco re
spectfully calls your attention to the necessity
for the representation of the District of Alaska
in the House of Representatives. Its rapidly
increasing importance, its isolation and dis
tance lrom tho seat of our Gee eral Govern
ment and the anomaly of its Federal control
by a power thousands of miles distant, which
accords it no voico in the protection of its in
terests, appear valid reasons for your acqui
escence in this reasonable request We conse
quently pray that you will take the proper
steps to admit one representative from our
greutest Territory in the Fifty-fifth Congress.
With assurances of our highest respect we
have the honor to remain your fellow-citizens,
the Chamber of Commerce of t*an Francisco,
Hugh Craig, President.
Trustees: George A. Newhall, W. E. Mitchell,
Oscar T. Sewall, Charles M. Yates, A. B. Field,
Leon Blum, A. Gerberding, A. O. Towne.
Attest: Wjlliam L. Merry, Secretary.
Mr. Kaufman is a representative of the
-Business Men's Association ot Juneau,
and one of its directors.
WILL NOT INDOKSE.
The Federal labor Union Will Not Se-
lect Candidates.
OAKLAND, Cal., Feb. 19.— The Federal
Labor Union held its weelcly meeting this
evening. Quite an animated discussion
arose over the political situation in Oak
land, and the question of indorsing candi
dates for the coming municipal election
was warmly debated pro and con. It was
finally resolved that in view of the fact
that bo many different Indorsements by
so-called labor leagues and political piece
clubs had been made, this sort of in
dorsement had become a stench in the
nostrils oi the laboring people and the
citizens at lame, and to escape the accusa
tion that might be made that the Federal
Labor Union was in line with any such
organizations it was the unanimous sense
of the Federal Labor Union that no in
dorsement of any set cf candidates be
made.
'Want the Exposition.
OAKLAND, Cal., Feb. 19.— A joint
meeting of the directors of the Merchants'
Exchange, Board of Trade and Oakland
Exposition was held to-night. There wai
much enthusiasm manifested over the
State Fair removal and the following
resolutions were unanimously passed:
Whereas, The directors of the Oakland Ex
position have caused a bill to be introduced in
the Legislature to have the Slate Fair held la
the city of Oakland, therefore be it
Resolved, That it is the sense of this meeting
that the action of the board of directors of tho
Oakland Exp sition be and is hereby com
mended hint approved. ' ■ ■' "i'-j
Resolved, That we hereby pledge ourselves to
use all honorable means within our power to
have the State Fair located in Oakland.
four More Home* Wrecked.
Divorce suits have b^en filed as follows:
Magdalena Zuraoberhaus against Martin
Zumuberhaus, for cruelty; Emelia Loureiro
asainst Joaquin Loureiro, for cruelty ; William
Doerr against Delia Doerr, for desertion;
Josephine trolly against George M. Orolly,
Convicted ot a felony.
' FOOD COFFEE.
PORE IMAGINATION
Keeps Some Jt'eople 111.
Many people imagine they can do things
which they cannot; this is particularly
true of habits like the tobacco or coffee
habit. A person addicted to either of
these nabits may be one of such construc-
tion that the article used is poisonous to
him, but they imagine they can use coffee
(for instance) without any bad effect, for
"thousands of people do," they reason.
So the weak feeling or stomach trouble, or
headache, la charged one day to the hot
sun; the next day, taking pains to avoid
the sun, the old trouble shows up
again, so as long as it is not
the sun "it must be something I
have eaten, it can't be coffee." Then
follow some tests on diet, and still the
trouble continues; fevery known reason
will be tnought of and experimented with,
but they will not leave off the coffee, for
they like it too well. To such it may ba
suggested that matters be looked squarely
in the face. If you keen on with little
ails caused by some unnatural cause, you
will surely come down sick unless the
active cause is removed. Coffee contains
poisonous alkaloids in small quantities
which can be withstood by a perfectly
healthy adult, but which seriously affect
those who are a little below par physically,
or otiildren.
To such Postum Cereal comes as a
boon; it has the color of Java coffee,
creams up like thick Mocha and has a de-
licious fragrance and taste. It is made by
the Postum Cereal Co., Lira,,- Battle
Creek. Mich. "When tasted critically it
will be found to have a grain flavor that
is crisp and pleasant. It is strictly a food-
drink,' being made entirely of cereals
(wheat, etc.).
Postum, the grain coffee, will nourish
and fatten adults and children, and can be
used at every meal with decided ad-
vantage.
"Just as good" as Postum Cereal are
words used to defraud the public
rvg^CANCERS
Jj Bm Mill^pr^ NOKSIFE! OB PAIX!
I ffi*^ So Plljr TIU Cnred J : '
'■aSSSSJ^^^^^ COpftyebookfreewlth
jW3 3ysjg3gJ3J home testimonials of miry
55 IS PBSrfoffJr w^ Wonderful Cures -wo
J if&i gl^^^^k places-Women's Breasts
>JP^JC Sr J en S Lips.
Otf>Ww^/ V Offl<*. 710 Market St."
San Francisco.
Send to Someone with Cancer
rU iV/C Vftll "V re Throat. dimples, Copper-feS
L>IIM7E lUU colored Spots, Aches, Old Sores,™
Hl'lcers In Month. Hair-Faliiflg! Write C'OO&H
jKKLMKDV CO.. 307 Masonic Temple
gmChlcsißo, 111., tor proofs of cures. Cupl-rJj
jjß'.ai, $500,000. Worst cases cured In 15|§]
|gy.o 3& day. 100-page book. free. r;J
•*^*^ Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
M SWESbXSI 02/> KEABKT NT. Established
SiTlC* k^a 1 " **04 for the treatment of Private
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
H25 HEARST NT. Established
In 1554 for the treatment of Private
Diseases, Lost Manhood. Debility or
sag disease wearing on bodyandrulndand
"W ! SSHlill Skin Diseases. The doctorcures when
others fell. Try him. Charges low.
CiSlU&aciJ (ureigugrunlerd. Callorwrite.
Or. J. V, i>ißßO>. Box 1957. 5 an Fraucisc*
OCEAN TRAVEL. I
piano coast_stea«ship CO.
STEAMERS LEAVE BHOADWAT ifcS-
wharf. ban Francisco, as follows: ntlwrX,
For Mary Island, Lorlng, W range!, Juneau, 11-
Usdoo and Sitka (Alaska), at 9 a. m., Feb. 10, '25.
For Victoria and Vancouver (B. C), Port Town-
send, Seattle, Taioma, Everett, Anacortes and
New Wiatcom (Belllngham Bay, Wash.), 9 a. M.
Feb. 4, 10, 15, 20, •-'5. and every fifth day there-
after, connecting at Vancouver with the C P. &
X., atTacoma with R. P. R. It., at Seattle with U.
N. Ry., at Port Townsend with Alaska steamers.
For l.iireka, Arcata and Fields Landing (Hum-
boldt Bay), ntr. Pomona 2 p. if., Feb. 1, 6,9, 18,
17. 21, 33, and every fourth day thereafter.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey, ban Simeon, Cayncoe,
Port Harioril (Sun Luis Oblspo), Gavlota, Bant*
Barbara, Ventura. Hueneme, San Pedro, East Sai
Pedro (Los Angeles) and Newport, at 9 a. k.
Feb. 3. 7, 11, 16, 19. 23, 27, and every fourth
day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Harrord
(Ban Luis Oblspo), s-anta Barbara, Port Los An-
peles. Kedondo (Los Angeles) and Newport, 11
a.m. Feb. 1, 5, 9, 13, 17, 21, 28, and every fourth
day thereafter.
For Enseoada, San Jose del Cabo. Mar.atlan, La
Pas and Guaymas (Mexico), steamer Orizaba, 19
A. m. -sth of each month. . .
be Company reserves the right to change with-
out previous notice steamers, sailing dates sad
hours of sailing. Ticket office— Palace Hotel, 4
New Montgomery street.
GOO.DALL, PERKINS * CO., GenT Agents.
10 Market St., San Francisco.
THEO.R.&N. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAN I>
From Spear-street Wharf, at 10 a. if.
FA T?T?/' l2 First-clas* \ Including
iVXVJL\S6 Seoond-clati /berth A meal*
SCHEDULE OF SAILINGS:
George W. Elder Feb. 18, 29
State of California Feb. 7, IT, 27
Through tickets and through baggag* to all
Eastern points. Kates and loldan upon applica-
tion to
Engh tickets and through baggage to all
n point*. Rates and foiden upon applloa-
F. F. CONNOR, General Agent,
630 Market street,
DALL, PERKINS <t CO., Superintendent*
/W fTM rw SMI 7I H. b, AUSTRALIA fWf
Ay^fj&KMßlL HONOL ULi; only.
J» j»k/ila*li»" rßB '" Tuesday, February 33.
PMnNiail * l " '' AUSTRALIA
m SfllE HONOLULU only.
f*"""* Tuesday. February 33,
at •-' r. v. Bpedal party
t\;SC*?^f^rn<;fi!ni) ™^c *• b. alamkda
V^! r '3rC)lwjliijlll r ' MiUi via HONOLULU
v^S^ . AnmnTinLJ-.and Auckland tot
efOt VyiipUlM^ SYDNEY, Thursday.
March 4, it 2 r. ic.
LInetoCOOLQARDtK, Aust-.and CAPETOWN
Bouth Afrtoa.
J. V. bPRF.CKKLS A BROS. CO., Agents,
114 Montgomery street,
Fre'cht Office. 327 Market at.. San Francisco.-
COIIPAGME GENERAL SATLAS IIQUI
French Line to Havre.
/IOMPABY'BPIER(NEW),42 NORTH iWL
V- River, fool of Morton su Travelers by iC*3Wg
this line avoid both transit by English railway and
the discomfort of crossing the channel in a small
boat. iSew York to Alexandria. Egypt, via Paris,
first class 9160. second class «116.
LA CHAMPAGNE.... Feb. 27, 8:30 A.X
LAOABOOONE March' 6. DA.X.
LA BRETAQNK. March 18. Ba. k.
LA NORMANDIB March 20, 6a. it
MjT For further particulars apply to
A. FORGET, Agent,
No. 8, Bowling Green. New York.
3. P. FCGAZI & CO., Agents, 6 Montgomery
avenue, San Francisco. ■,-■-.■-
-STOCKTON STEAMERS
Leave Pier No. 3, Washlnarton St«
At 6 F. M, Daily. Kr«lKtit received up
to ,>:3O T. M.
tgr Accommodations Reserved by Telephone.
The only line selling through tickets and giving
through freight rate* to all points on Valley
Railroad. STKAMERS!
T. C. "Walker, J- *>. Peters,
Mary Oarratt, City of Stockton.
Telephone Main 80S. Cat. K»v. and Impt. dm
FOR VALLEJO AID D. S. JfAVY-YARDI
STJUAMKK "MONIICKLIiO," ,
Dally ex. Samrday & Sun.. 10:30 a. v. and 4p. «t
Saturdays •10:30 a.m., 4r.ii,
Sundays....: Br.t
Landing Mission-stree: Dock, Pier 'i ■
| Telephone Black 261.
•Trip gives 6 hoars stoo at Navy- Yard.
FOR SAX JOSE, LOS GATOS & SASTA CRUZ
OTEAMERALVISO LKAVES PIER 1 MOV
Ouay. Wednesday. Friday, at 10 Zu. *!■£*
auesday. Thursday. Saturday, at Bp. it Fre^hl
and Passenger. Fare between Kan Francisco /ml
Alvlso, 60c; to Ban Jose. 75c. Clay ml S?^x*
HOW, uaMCUrttu,t>u Jot* ■*•««•»
1112
TROUBLE FOR THE
SELLING PLATERS
Summertime, Walter J and
Boreas All Received
a Boost.
\
Three Favorites and Three Out
siders Woo the Purses
Yesterday.
Baquil Was First at Odds of 25 to 1
Ait zzo Too Speedy for
Imp- Sun
The fast daughter of Fitzjames, the racy
and mud- reveling Summertime, with a
history of her own, added another to her
long list of victories at Emeryville yester
day, and caused her trainer, Al Stemler,
not a little discomfitrA"e. She was one of
seven starters in the tilth race of the day,
a six-furlong selling tour, and with the
dangerous ones of the original company,
Applause and Hermanita, scratched, was
an odds on choice, going to the post 1 to 4.
6ne won, of course, in a mild sort of a
drive from Bookmaker George Rose's
entry, Torsina, second choice in th f ' ring.
She was entered to be sold for $400. and
wben the numbers of the first three Dorses
past tbe wire had been hoisted, Book
maker Rose left bis block and cniniiy
Baunierea aown to the region of me
judges' stand. Trouble was scented for
the winner and her trainer, nnd quite a
crowd braved tbe rain and followed in the
wake of the penciler.
Arriving at the stand Mr. Ruse smiled
at Mr. Stemler, as is his wont, and Mr.
Stemler appreciating the predicament the
mare had sot him into also, forgot to
smile. When Judge Burke announced
that the mare was entered to be sold for
$400 and asked if there was any advance
tue layer of odds casually remarked
fIOOO. Trainer Stemler secured & full
.Nelson on the railing in frontof thestand,
locked at Judge BurKe appeahngly and
articu;ated $5 A look full of sympathy
and good nature overspread the ieatuies
of Bookmaker Rose and he strode back to
the betting ring without a responsive bid.
Trainer Stemler had retained liis charge,
but he does not intend to ante us tbe run
up money if there is a ioophoie^f escape.
.dSier the race he protested payment of
the money on the grounds that Mr. Rose
is not owner of Torsina and is tbereiore
not entitled to any portion; of the boost.
Tnis part of the question will be settled by
the stewards.
It was quite a day by the way for gelling
platers to be disturbed with •'lifts."
Boreas, winner of the opening event, en
tered to be soid for $200, was bid up to £300
by Tom Woodford.and his owner, C. Lind,
let the Eastern plunger take the brown
horse. The next to fall in line was alter
J. The bay colt captured the last race at
adds of 15 to 1, and his owner, Frank
McDerraott, lost the purse as bookmaker.
Joe Ullman bid the horse up from $300 to
$600.
Intermittent showers of rain falling
contrived to make one of the most dis
agreeable racing days imaginable, and
the attendance was very light. The tract
■was in a sloppy condition, yet three of the
six choices managed to reach the wire
first.
The black horse Charles A went to the
post a 5 to 2 favorite /or the opening mile
Belling dash, but through Spencer's negli
gent tactics, for he laid way out of the run
ning, the back horse was tardy at the end,
and was beaten a head by Boreas, which
led from the jump. Ricardo was the run
ner up for six iurlongs. Woodchopper
ran a surprisingly good race, Bnistung a
good thir I. Cherrystone wa» bad y missed
about. The winner was alO to 1 chance.
Perseus was held a very close lavorite to
capture the mile selling run that ;ollowed,
the ring holding Pnrset's gelding at 2 to
5. Ransom, the second choice, led him
for nearly half the distance, when th
first choice took command and won by
less than a lfiigtn in 1:47 with little to
spare, Cameiia was a poor third.
The black colt imp. Sain and Gene
THE "CALL" RACING GUIDE.
CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB. Oakland Racetrack. Friday. February 19. Fiftieth day of
w the Winter Meeting, 1896-97. \V eather showery. Track sloppy.
£ <-C\ FIHHT RACE— One mile; selling: four-year-olds and upward; purse «400.
cro HtlOKl) KACh-One mile; selling; four-year-olds and upward; pnr« »360.
P.' 74 THIJtD KACK— '-even-Plghths of amlle: three-y ear-olds; purae $4UO
575 fOURTH KACK - K| eveu sixteenths of « mile; selllug; three-year-olds; purae #300.
576. $4"^ RACE - Thr< ' c-e -luarters1 uarters ot •mile; selling: fuur-year olds and npward (mares); purse
t'7'7 SIXTH RACK— Orn- mile: four-year-olds and upward; purse $400.
l/eigh's big bay Arrezzo locked horns in
the third race over seven furlonjjs with
Moreno, Sweet William and Lady Hurst
as the only conteuders. Arrezzo went to
the post even money with 8 to 3 against
the black fellow. The 100 to 1 shot Moreno
and William made the running to the
stretch, wuere Cash Sloan on the favorite
gradually moved nj> and !ed Snin out a
neck at the vv.re. Sweet William ran a
fine race, being but a neck further away.
A miscellaneous assortment oi piaters,
thirteen in all. facd the barrier in the
next event, a five and a rial! funong
scramble, with Hannetta at 2]^ to 1 ruling
a slijrht favorite over Torpeuo. Neither
secured a mark. The 25 to 1 shot Basquil,
with Plggott up, rushed away in tne lead,
and staying there lasted lone enough to
beat Kov <. arruthers out a head In a hard
drive. Siepfrieii, a hot tip. was tbirt.
A surprise came In me final cv nt of the
aay, a mile selling affair, with a rield of
seven starting. Gene Leigh's recent pur
chase was hashed up a 3 to 2 favorite, but
developed as much liking for the slusny
gome as a "yaller" doc does for rough on
rats, finishing absolutely last. The game
colt Walter J, a 15 to 1 chance in the bet
ting, took up the running from the start,
and stalling off th« chaiience of Caliente,
the 8 to 5 second choice, in the stretch,
beat Stemler's colt out half a length in
1:46. Thorpe, as usual, got Monita home
in third place.
THE THORNTON STAKE.
ThornhtM, Schiller and Lobenarula
Will Line Up for the Journey.
The Thornhill stake at four miles, with
1 a gross value of $4000, will be decided a;
Emeryville track to-day. Of the original
I entries bchiiler, Thornhill and Lobengula
will face the starter. The latter horde is
not apt to cut much figure, the issue ap
parently lying between the first two
named horses. Outside of this event the
card is a very good one.
Green B. Morris yesterday disposed of
Lobengula to Thomas H. Williams Jr.,
and he will be started in the Thornton
stake to-day. Reputed orice paid, $2000.
The following are to-day's entries:
First race, three-quarters of a mile, selling.
429 Hermanlta 102 554 Winchester . 104
570 Shield bearer.. ..lo7 1 570 Encino 107
570 Mainstay 3071 573 Una Colorado.. 104
576 Torslna 102 570 Peril 102
569 Ike L 107, 573 Jerome S 107
Second race, one and an eighth miles, selling.
429 Pollock 100 Frank Jaubert.loo
5.58 Tax Ji3 67 i Joan 9«
1> 6 3 Long Lady 9... .'>66 Zooiein 98
(569) Babe Murphy. .loS .'■.<>* Skalkaho 98
503 '1 wo risers 95 672 llea^an 95
I.tifi st Aiscnon 98 .72 Jack Martin.... 93
.'.69 Ked Glen 10 ,
Third race one and a quarter miles:
531 Little Cripple... 861 674 Imp. Sain 95
(651) Ostler Joe 114; 677 Foremost. 85
Fourth race, half a mile, two-year-olds, Elwood
■takes:
560 Roxey Murphy. lo3 .... Miss Rowpna... 105 ;
642 Kstro 108 <619Kou:uofFlndersl05
471 The Cheat 108 .. AlKOran 108
667 Fall* I'rluces >.loO| 411 Bodacia 100
Fifth race, four mile*, Thornton stake, value
94000
(562) schiller 109 509 Marcel 113
063 Tnornhlit IS 653 Lob°neula. 117
473 R>-dl Bandidos 496 Judge Denny... lu9
Sixth race, one and three-eighths miles, handi
cap, hurdle.
(66.*>)K(<ddington 150 568 Three Forks.... 170
547 J O C 148 -''59 Silverado ISa
529 Arundel 132 665 Zarago^a. 128
442 Brilliant 125 214 Yolo Boy 125
565 Hello MM
SELECTIONS FOB TO- DAT-
First race — Mainstay, Sbieldbearer, !
Torgma.
.Second race — Red Glen, Babe Mur
phy, St. Aignon.
Third race — Ostler Joe, imp. Sain,
Little (ripple.
Fourth race — Mis* Rowena, Count of
Flanders, l.odacla. i±.
Fifth race— Thornhill, Schillor, I.<«
bengula.
huh race — No «electinns.
An Exhibition of I> ra w i n (fS.
The pupils of the Mechanics' Imtinre draw
ing class held their first public exhibition
T.: ursday a! ternoon and evening. The work of
the pupils showed the careful training of the
instructor, L. P. Latimer, and much adiuira
tion was expressed by the visitors at the ex
cellence of the wnrk. The exhibition was ar
ranged for by Trustees R. P. Doolan, Henry
Root and Oear L~wis of the institute. Amon g
trie pupils exhibiting were: W. T. Storz, Kr>d
Patton, P. H. Millnerry, Jam»« K. Russell,
William F. Miller, Saul 6ro*on, Ei D Oakley,
Ester Debois, Thomas Muilanv, U. M. Winches
ter, Mi<s Tnrpey, Robert Green, F.ora ViTlan,
Mr=. w. .1. Hamilton, Miss Lu^khardt. Aug.
Plate, Fred Howe, A. Ehrenpfort. C. Deane,
Aug. Headman-, \V. 1. Weir, A. G. Brockhoft,
lilsi t M. Stach, Benj. KHfim, Ida Erajewski,
Mrs. Tromb'ni, Mln Haven, E B. Wilcox,
Mrs. M. A Oronshon. M. E. Magnu«. Lucile
Parker, Lyman Jennings. Mis< Mitchell, J.
Tucker, L E. Bradshaw and G. Olsen.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 20, 1897.
VERY LAX BOOKKEEPING.
Rspcrt of Grand Tury Investiga
tions in the 0 fice of the
School Board.
Mon-y T?ken and Pud Out in Lump
Sums That Leave Much to Be
Guessed At.
Tbe committee or the Grand Jury hav
ing in charge an investigation of the
me%o Is under which money is spent and
accounted for by the Board of Education
tiled its report yesterday. It discovers a
remarkably ioose system of bookkeeping.
It says in part:
The method emnloyed in keeping a record
of these transactions has been very faulty. In
the case oi the teachers' certificates and appli
cations for tuch the stubs oi me certificate
books were the only source from which the in
formauou could be guiici, w:ietner or not
any discrepancies occurred during 'he last six
years. This made it more difficult and con
sumed more time thai would otherwise have
been necessary had a b >ok or uccount been
kept to snow what money had been collected,
from whom, and what disposition was made of
It and when.
This Mr. Waller has since remedl 'd by hav
ing had preuarad a book ;or the purpose, and
by having nmclo it obligatory upon the person
having the matter in Charge to keep proper
accounts. The same faulty methods a]>ply to
the collection of rents nn'i tuition fees, aiij.in
fact, to the general lyatefll "f keeping ac
counts as they existed heretofore.
In the matter oi general expenditures no
record was kept of where certain permanent
Improvements or repairs were innde, to what
school or schools certain supplies and the
kind were delivered and the lost of such sup
plies, the amount expended for lights, water.
foal and rents, for library book*, bocks for in
digent children, etc.
Ah tties-e items were charged to the separate
committees having the respective expendi
tures in charge, and were accounted lor as a
whole, but no compilation was ever made to
show these transactions in detail.
An account has been kept at the depart
ment's storehouse of the different supplies
and materials received «nd. delivered to the
different schools, but never upon a basis of
cos;, or dollars and cents,
Mr. \Valler is now having prepared a tabu
lated book, which will give the entire monthly )
expenditures of the department, so segregated
as to show what supplies have been furnished
each school mid their Oast, the cost of labor
and material tor repairs made and where made,
the salaries paid to the teachers and janitors
in each school, the rents paid, wie cost of
lie tits, fuel and water as used in each school, j
in fact, 10 give in detail uud aggregate the cost :
to run each school and necessarily the aver- I
age cost per pupil attending such. It will also
show the cost to run the office, storehouse and
shop, in fact, cover every Item of expenditure
and enable the Board of Education to adjust i
them properly and evenly.
We iind a doable entry ledger has been |
opened, which will embrace the different ac- i
counts as above, as well as all others coming
under the head ot "Receipts and expendi
tures." From this ledger a monthly trial
balance will be drawn to verify the clerical
work and to snow the actual condition of
every account and of every lund and give a
comprehensive knowledge of the condition
of the department. L S. Kast, Chairman.
J. W. ccd worth.
R. H. KITTBEDGE.
THE STOCK MARKET.
Mining stocks were dull yesterday at no ma
teilal Oha:ige In jT.ce->.
At\ne annual meeting of the Cnllfornla Powder
Works yesterday the old directors and officers
were re-elected as follows: John Heriu'n^haiu,
president; A. H. I'aysor., John I). Talian , at. A.
df Uv<-»g» itid B. Pey on. superiuteudent. J. F,
Nesn.ith was re-etected secretaiy and manuger.
Ihe Homwtukc Mil lag Conip»:i,v lioh <le>'lßr»d
a monthly dividend oi per share, payable
February 25.
M.c i oiton and Monta it Copper >tinlnir Com
pany w:ll pay a fllvldend Of 98 per share, amount
ii>K io $450,' 00, to-day.
The official report from the Standard on
solid .led mine says: 245 level— On ih- footwall
of the Bullion vela the raise from the crosscut
from raise 1 was advanced 15 fact and connected
with the 114 le7fl north .lii.; at main crosscut.
Raise 4 was advanc.-d 3 f.-.-t. with 16 Inches of
f:ilr grade ore in the lop 313 lev -i— l he north
drift waj advene d 8 feet; the vein in tv • tact- is
small and poor. I'.aist- 2 was advanced 'M feel
d conn>< ted with the 1245 level. In 1 1 1 •- Black
ledge raise 3 .-how, 5u leeoea of fair grade ore in
the breast, a d raise X thOWl 18 Inchon o; ore of
the same quality. in the north dr. ft the vein is
pinching and is ba Uy mlxtd with porphyry.
«36 lev. There I-. no ore in tue bottom of the
winze. In the imlM from t»e uiiiz» there Is no ore
in tup. KaUe 3 snows 24 Incites of fair grade
ore in !i, ■> breast. 380 level — nave cleaned out
and re.imbered the main south drift 40 feet.
. OdlC 400 lev'— Th ■ north drift In the l-'ortuna
v.-in has 6 Inch' » of good ore in .he face, Moping
fair ere from 1 ullion vein - J4.s level, from lncll .c
318 level, Hlack ledc- 336 level, and footwnil
WO level; «lso high-graie HI ings from Mtt_'iiir.
and l>urt;e»» le.iKe<,:".d some riilinpi and ore tram
the Vulcan ledge, --8U level; also ov. r Intermedi
ate drifts interim- ii.it. ■ level, as Heretofore, and
some hlgn-gradp tiuiu«s hud scalp lr m the Hul
wir main south drift and first drift west on the
380 level.
Standard mill statement— ore crushed for the ;
week, 307 tons; avf rax* assay vanoer tailings, ;
$8 22; coucemra es produced, a tons: assay vain.-, i '
$43 80: plate anialuain produced, 1002 ounces- '
value per ounce, »'-' 14.
BOAUD SALES.
Following were he wi-slu the San Francltoo
FtocJc Board yesterday:
REGULAR MORNING BKBBIOST. rOMMKvriNo 9:80.
2"" *,„,, 06:10 J ClialUe... 3B 100 Mexican ..3s i
100 Andes ln!.-:00 CCAV...1.95 Ophir ...HI !
500 i-elcrn-r....:; C J'01m....2 .j.mu Ravage.. -.0
:\0) 8A8......6.110J G<tc 40200 » «r... 34
200 8u11i0n.... 10! 100 HAN . 1.1. ,
/FTEIINOdN HUSSION- 2:30.
■JOO Belcher... '22UOU Cbolr 85|1OO Ophlr... 78
10 • • & 1. fife .00 86 lUU IV v»ee...3ft
100 Benton ...HO \io) V roint«..2- 550 Scorpion .02
100 ccitv...l.ytjiOo HAN. .1.05
Following were the m>io« id the Pacific Slock
Board yesterday:
REGULAR BrBSIOX— 10:30.
«0o Aln*« ... Of? 200 CC*V....1.»5|«00 Mxla. 33
3 -1 0 A1U. ...... 40j ... .. I.UTi-5 0 Occ<\ M O7 ,
lOOAiiu., l: 300 l.O^iZiOt) 0i.ii1r..»..81
.03 Belcher.. .2 JO I.V.C 400 .... ho I
600 -....'J4 6JO C folnu . iJ'lO 78 ,
40 i b<tß tic >00 •.', tot) 0vrmn....10 '
21 0 — ...62 J4(H) Kxchr...O. 300rotoil. ...40
-nu 0 MO d.<_ 41 200 8arare....40 |
30 i >.nllicii._.ll;-00 ...3V-40J i-.N>v. . 34'
400Caleda....UB'25J H &>.... 1.05 Union. 33!
CblluKe...:-.e 700 Justice. ..o- SJJ L .."\ob !
300 3k 500 Kentucli..l,l 2<W VJc«...2H
3UO Ch011ax»..85«500 Wei 86 JOO . 87
30 Conn 88 300 3, iOO "...'.26
AFTERNOON SESSION— 2:3O.
300 AiPtia.....C6'2oJ \-1ia11»(v;...56|;500 Ophlr .....78
200 AHa 04 200 .41200 ' HO
20) Andes. .A I. 200 CC\fcV-.1.90 300 ..""".".* .".".".'.83
80J £«lcn«r-. 22 300 ).85 600 »4
200 HA B SUI^OO 1.97 Vi 500 Ovrrnn... 10
400 «»900 2.0U.5U0 1>0t051...'.88I > 0t051...'.88
700 64 100 Conn 88 j 300 .. . ,43 I
400 8u11i0n.... 11 300 CrwnPt..2lc .<•)> tava<»-. 39
400 1. 401) i.ii. 39 400 ' 40 '
3JO Caleda....of> 300 _ 411600 " 42'
40. Cbolr Hi 375 MAN. .. 1 ,60 Bcorp'lon"o2
V:00 8.1126 1.101200 S Suvr. .34
400 86 4UO 1.071/^1 501!tnrd...1.70 !
300 9. 409 Mexican.. ! '>> Union... 82 !
7od 9- 700 37 ■■ V ....a5
600 90 400 0cc1dt1....U..
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
FKI^>AY, Feb. 19 - 4 f. it
Ti*.A»^t*l.\ StcLAtk'i.
AtntianiM.-... U5 06Jnl!a _. — 02
AIM. 0* 05 iDßtlca. ....... — \ii
Andes. 12 13 Knunclc...... 01 tS
Belcher 22 24 Mexican . 37 38
Best <ft UelChM 63 W\.vi\iv 14 -
Benton Con... 16 20 ; North O<t C. — SO
Bullion _ 11 lKli)ciii<li m. 07 08
Caledonia. 09 H. ophlr „ 83 84
(hollar 9* 93 Overman....... 10 11
Con.Cal.KVa... 3 O.i 2.05 t'otosL 45 41,
Cuallenva Cox 39 4il>avac«. ... ._ 42 43
Con. Imperial. 01 «.'i scorpion. ... — 02 03
Confidence 91 1.0. | teg. lielctiae... — 05
lon. New Yore - tij liver Hill . 01 12
crown rant. .. 22 23 sierra NeT»4A. 36 37
£astblerraA«» — 14 standard 1.65 1.75
iureka ... — 4'j -judlcate. .._ 02 t3
fc-xcheauer .... 03 >J4 LnlonUia 35 36
feoulUitcurrr. 42 4»iuu ... 06 07
*. mi*, .-Surer*. 1.10 Li} xugw j»j*«« 20 27
Jackson — 26
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
FRIDAY, Feb 19 - 2r. m.
UNITED STATKS BONDS.
J irt. >a.».,,. I SUL Atked.
VH 4s conn. 111! — C 6 reg...10» HUM.
Uo new issue] 123^,
MlSi-KI.I.AN BONDS.
Cal-stCble6s.lllV* — utt*\>aa 65.. — 104
C&l Klec L 6*126 13) Uo 2d Is 6a... 109 110V4
CntraCW6s 95 t»7% > -mnious On.. 121 ».livji2
DpDt-stex-cp — 17i, 4 1' <ao Ryttj. _ 116
l-:dsn LAP (5^1281/9 130 l'&Cli Ry 6». — 102
F«CHHK»j - 108 l'wl-st RR6«114 119
Oearr-st R5» — 103% H«no, V/L&L — H)j
Jl (A-. 6v a s. 10H _ SactoP*!.. - 100
LosaiuL6i - 100 6F&NPRSk. 1006/B 'ol
DoGnteed 61 _ 101 SPltltArlzSi Ula^, —
MKt-stCble6sl22T/(, - nPRRCaIds. — 115
DoKyLOD »•». lCb3»lob7/ 8 -lKK(.aisj. _ )00
Nat Vln6s Ist — 100 -PBrßCaies. 977/ a 98« A
KevC\\gß7s.lO3 105 SVWatertfi.laO liiOV?
> KyCal tis.lOU^ — sVWater4s. - 1001,.
KUs Lid «•. - 85 SlktnU&KtU — lU*V»
- ATIC« KTOCIC* - r
Contra Costa 86 41 ISprng Valley 17% 9 7*/ i
MarlnCa... — 62 I
SAB AND KMtCTRTC 9 TOCK*
CapltaL — 25 ;Pac!flo Ll«bt 49 B0
Central 98V% — |s X UAKlec, 66% 97
il Lignt 6 8?-, a san trancaoo I%' ".'%
Oak I. AH 631/4 54-z --locltwn. •• - *«
Pac t.as Imp — 91 I
JX«URA>fCIt (TTOOX*.
Flreman'sFdl?7Vi — |
(UUX hjiclal RAVR KTO^ICV
Anelo-Ca1.... 61 — I First Nattonl 181 187 V«
Bank or cal.. 237 242% ' '• ondonP*A-1a7% —
Cal bJJitTCoIUS llu |3derctaEx.... li -
'. MVIXM BANK UTOCIC*.
OerSALOo- — 1600 SavAloao.. - 301
HDmbS&L.IIOU _ Security 341 —
Mutual 33 _ Union Trust. —
at Unioo — 475
BTBEET BAII.BOAD STOCKS.
California. ... 107 _ oalt Sl-<tHa/ — 100
O«ary-st 28Vi _ ' l'resldio 4% —
Manceirtt.... 44 . IV4
. J»l . .^.. •.TOCKI
Atlantic D... 16 17 iGlantCon.... 31% 32
Ctkiitornia.... 80 110 VlgortU — 800
KatiernD ... 75 jjq |
MIBtKI.LAS-irOTT^ «TO"JC«-
Alaska Pltrs. — 10414 Nat Vln Co.. - PV%
UerLeadCo. 80 100 !• c.nnlcSSCo 24 26
UawC&SCa. — 16S/ a rac Aux FA— 4
HutclisPu 241^ zb U'acßoraxCa — 96
MerExAasa. — ilu jl-urf I'alntCa — 4
BAI.KB— MORN I NO SKSSIOS'.
Board—
150 Hawaiian Commercial 16 00
-0 Oakland Gas. 64 00
90 s F lias <!t Y. ectricl'o 97 00
10 fe V Wai*.- »7 oVy a
10 do do cash 87 60
Strict —
50 Giant Powder Con 82 25
126 SFGas & ectric Co 96 76
BALKS— AFTEBNOON SESSION.
Board—
* :(0()0 Edison LiKht & Power Bonds. 129 00
76 Uiam Powder con. . . 32 01
100 Hawaiian Commercial. 18 00
150 Maritet-st Hallway, a 6 . 44 00
30 SV Water „ 1,7 76
Mr«>:
$1000 8 P Branch Rallwar Bonds. 88 00
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GIIAND HOTEL
A Hammond, Sail I ake C B Mitchell, Denver
1' D«Vii ,t w, AlameUa J 8 Kockford, Tacoma
J U ISaker, Tacoma U li Hoffman, Homervlle
Jl i> Heed. Momervllle W M Howe. N V
T M Ki-any, N V Q M I! iiuiphrey, Reno
I F I't-QiiU, Reno MM Crotiau, \v & f, Cal
W 1 Kr 'itbiium, sacta A M jJiiucan. Uklah
Un M V Mason Wash Mis F liaieb Sn:a Rosa
I! H (Jrny. bacto C M Hartley Vacav.lle
T L Caro hers, t'klab J W Browning. Cal
Mrs J\V Morrow, Klko Miss Morrow, Klko
W A Mime-, Carsoa P A -eili?, Chicago
J F \ ih'Tton, San Diego T James, A-th'au>t
J !) Hruitlvy, Mt-rc.-d X C Waters, ChKago
Mrs L Aar.ai, Sacto <i P Smith. Chicago
C (iurner, Oakland KWof. s a to
A J Mcl'lella-i. \ ictoria W 11 Sumers, Nev
Mr>H I.avcnsb <lav, cal X li Frost, P«so Robles
F Boron yon Hiller. Cal Mi,s W i'otter, dan Jose
LICK HOUSE.
A W Stone, Cal \V G Murphy. Marysvllle
A D Tower. -Nevada City L X 1-eltou, Hunford
X a Younger. Alameda P V Harrison, Alameda
X a Mahon, Yuba i Itv W Duncan, Alaska
W SpalJliii;* w, I'rucicee L II uwen. Fresno
J I>Culp, .San Filipe I) Dickie & w. tt Louis
J O Kobert«, Mad, r 1 I) L Stone, -New York
J \V A very. Santa Cruz X Casper, Vailejo
W II Skerritt, Va:iejj ills-, t.ricel and, Vailejo
A Grader .£ «, Mont \V Humnert, van: a Rosa
M hlsasser. sL > l.itpo II X I ohlnson, Gllroy
Wli Mm «fc w.San Jose C L Ada:us. Viswlla
C Morpitiß, Stockton II .1 Taylor, Cal
A Kns*-boruui{li, Cal J Moor*. Denver
D\V Cooke, Kelsoyvllle 1* it <"roat, Salem
G Mott, Sacramento I) B Brunseu A w, Wli
PALACE HOTEL.
W Levy, Chicago
E Richards. Sail Lake
A O Ames, Cblco
Miss L l.obdell. 11l
V P MKthlvet, Clevelnd
X E Goodrich, Sta Cruz
Di«"F Schwelzer. N V
i) P Jenkins, Stanford
J ii Henry, .-an Jose
R M Davidson, Bntte
S r French, Chicago
B H Smith, N V
F A Chadbourne, Wls
J Wilson, Chicago
F <i Kberhurt A wf, Ind
\\ i io.dman, Portland
II R Ntralgtit, Stanford
J 8 Cook <£ wf, Caicaco
T J Field. Monterey
C C l:r ■ I. l n -_r <fc wf. Reno
E Bornehelmer. N V
H li Pitcher. Llvermore
F W Hellyer. Jnpan
F H Fiske. N V
11 S Wlnents, Salt Lake
F C I.usk, Chlco
BALDWIN HOTEL.
J II Jones <fe w, Seattle N J Brown, Sulsun
H Jone-. Seatile F A Mann. Chicago
0 W Piouty, .N V M ss Fanny Rloe, N V
0 Strucliem, N V MiM X Ml belsou, Mich
C A Jon.s, Reno Q W Van >yc^el, N V
Miss F Tyler, v ulcago J Itolirecken, Phila
M J Harper, Chicago L Harris «fc fm, Sacto"
F A Smith, Vaitej j F J .\;ill-r. N V
H Abbott, Paul c Milton. St Paul
II -coit. Woodland
CUUKCH NOTICES.
E^s= SIMPSON MEMORIAL METHODIST
I Etuis' Episcopal Church, cor. Hayes and Buchanan
Mv.-P.t-v. John Stephens, pastor; residence, 309
I Halght st. Preaching at 11 a. m. and 7:30 p. si.
■ '1 he pastor will preach at bom services. Baptismal
and reception service in toe morning: brief ad-
j dress by the pu.tor. Topic for the evening ser-
mon. "No Arbitration Wanted Here." Sunday-
school at 12:80 p.m.. C. B. Perkins superintendent.
( M. worth League service at 6:30 p. v. The public
cordially invited to all the services of this church.
j Scats free. Ushers In attendance. Prayer-meeting
j Wednesday evening at 7 :45 o'clock.
i «r~3s= CENTRAL METHODIST EPISCOPAL
■ B&-* 7 Church, Mission st., bet. Sixth ana Sev-
: rath— R. Dille, D.D, pastor: R. V. Watt, Snn-
doy-iChool superintendent; J. J. Morris, musical
I director; H. M. Rosworlh, orcanlst. The pastor
will preach at 11a. m. and 7:30 P.M. Morning
j subjec:, "Burdens and What to Uo Wltn Them":
I evening. "Liberalism," second In series on "Isms
of the Day." Sunday-school at 1 p.m. Young
: People's Society of Christian Endeavor at 6:16
| p. m. Reception tendered new members by the
1 ladies of the church Monday evening. Dr. Dill,-'s
i lecture, "Pioneers— Their Work and Wages," Tues-
| day evening.
i ITS' HOWARD- ST. METHODIST EFISCO-
| t*^^ pal Church, bet. Second and Third sis., two
: blocks from Palace Hotel. Rev. W. W. Case, D.D..
pastor; Man In Hflbaltx, nan leal director; J. W.
I Whiting, Sundiy-scnool superintendent. Hours
of public service*. 11 a. m and 7:30 P. X.; Sun-
day-school at 12:30: prayer meeting Wednesdiiy
evening, 7:45; Kpworth Leasue, 6:30 Sunday
; evening; morning subject, ••sanctlticailon at
I Death"; evening subject, "A Rubble or an Ice-
berg." Pastor's residence. 140 Hawthorne si,
near the church. Telephone red 961.
i ffTS 3 TRINITY M. E. CHURCH. CORNER
Ifc-^ Sixteenth and Market sis— Rev. F. F.
, Jewell, pastor. Services morning 11 o'clock:
' evening 7:30. Sunday-oc^ool 12:20 p.m.; John
Dynr, sui erlntendenu The pastor will preach
morn'ng and evening. Morning subject, "our
Church Faintly;' evening, "Shots ired at a
Blind Beggar." All are cordially invited to at-
tend. Seats free. Pastor's residence, 8631 Six-
teenth 81.
j jfr^K* HOWARD PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH,
w-JF cor. Oak ana Baker sis.— Rev. F. R. Farrana,
; pastor. Services at 11 a. m. and 7:46 p. m.
Morning subject: "From cottage to Pa ace," be-
ing [he second discourse in the scries on "The
Story of Es her." Evening subject: "Lift's Mem-
ories and What They Say." Sabbath-school at
9:3fl a. If. V. P. .s. c. K. Nt 6:45 p. m. Prayer-
' meeting Wednesday evening, on Monday even-
i ing, the 22d, the ladles of Ute church will ho.d a
. Martha Washington recep ion and give an "Old
; Folks' Concert." All cordially Invited.
j WFjtr" FIRST PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH,
i &-*' cor. Van Ness aye. and Sacramento st.— Rev.
; Robert Mackenzie, D.D.. pastor: Rev. Edwin 11.
l Jenks, co-pastor. Dr. Mackenzie will preach at
j 11 a. m. Mr. Jenks will preach at '7:30 p. m.
Sun lay-srhool at lv :45 p. m.: Y. P. St. C.E. at 6:16
I P. m. meeting Wednesday at Hp. m. All
j are welcome.
! fK3» THE FIRST UNITARIAN CHUKCH,
; *-*" SW.<c-or. Geary and Franklin sis. — Rev. Dr.
| Stebbins, minister. The Sunday-school Is at 9:45.
Bible-class conducted by Rev. Samuel Slocomb-.
The morning service Is at 11 o'clock, All are
cordially Invited. The evening service is omitted.
i HtW A WEEK'S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS— THIB
i **~' iy WEEKLY CALL, IP wrapper, for mailing.
NOTICE OF aiKKTINGS.
' ITS' fiOIDKX GATE COX MAN- -
Br~»" dery No. 16, K. T., Golden tia:e«g£|*
building, 625 Suiter si.— special assembly fiffi
THIS EVENINiJ at 7 O'clock. The Order WLf
of the Temple will be conferred. All.fraters V
are courteously Invited.
CHARLES H. MCRPHY. Km. Com.
William T. Fonda. Recorder.
IKS' MISSION LODGE NO. 169, F. ~m~
«-*' and A. — Called meeting THIS_^%
(SATURDAY) EVENING. Nt T:MTX
o'clock. -10 degree. By order of the \V M. /V>
C. D. BUNK is P., Secretary.
Rpg 3 Doric lodge NO. 216, F. AND m
•>■«*' A. M., 121 Kcidy st.— Officers and_J%_
mt>mb<Ts are noilfied to attend a special tIT jf
i meeting on SUNDAY, February 21. at 9 /V>
| o'clock, for the purpose of conducting the funeral
services of our deceased brother, LYON ZACHA-
KIAS. Master Masons are Invited to attend. By
order of the W. M. J. R. UOLDSMim, Sec.
BfcSiff* THK ANNUAL MKKTING OF THE
***** stockholders of the Mann County Water
Company will be held at the office of the com-
pany, 406 California street- San Francisco, on
Wednesday, the 3d day of March, 18»7. at the
hour of 12 o'clock m., for tbe election of trustees
for the ensuing year and tor the transaction of
such other business as may come befnre the meet-
UK- A. DALTON HARRISON, Secretary.
KS»THE REGULAR ANNUALMEETING OF
■**■*' the members of the Bishop Armita?e Church
Orphanage will bo held at the office of the secretary,
630 California si., room 38. on February 23. 1897,
at 12 ji., for the purpose of revising or amending
the by-laws of said corporation or adopting new
by-laws and for the election of trustees for the en-
suing year; also for the transaction of such other
business as may come before the meeting.
L. WADH a M, Secretary.
DITIDEND NOTICES.
WSZS* DIVIDEND DIVIDEND NO.
**•*' 40 (twenty-five cents per share) of the
Hutchin-ou Sugar Plantation Company will be
payable at the office of the company. 327 Marxet
street, on and after Saturday, February 20, 1897.
Transfer books will close Saturday, February 13
1897. at 12 o'clock m. J£. ±1. SHKLDON.
- • Secretary.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
WPS' THEY SELL ALL DRY G ODS, YARN,
>**■& table linen, lace curtains, towels, hosiery
underwear, corsets, embroidery, laces, buttons,
linings, threads, handkerchief*, veilings, etc., very
cheap at Pioneer Dry Goods Store, 105 Fifth St.
R535* BAD TENANTS EJECTED FOR *4:
■►-*' rollc tions made: city or country. Pacific
Collection Co., 415 MoatKy St., room 6; tel. ft sBo. ;
jt^ 3 dr. BAZI REMOVED from PHE-
CE^ lan building to 908 ."eary s.: tM. East 357.
SITUATIONS WANTED—
/COMPETENT AMERICAN COOK WITH TH 15
\J best of reference desires a, situation. J. F.
CROSETT A CO., 310 Sutler st.
T> KM ABLE YOUNG WOMAN WANTS POSI-
J-t tlon as cook or general homework: city or
country: wages $20 to 925; references If re-
quired. 626 Golden Gate aye.
yoUNG WIDOW, RECENTLY FROM THE
X East, Mints a ace as housekeeper In hotel or
bachelor's home preferred; city or country. Room
2. 223 Post st.
~Y7"OUNG NEAT SWEDISH GIRL, 4 MONTHS
X from Sweden, wishes to do general housework;
small wages. 613 McAllister st., nr. Van Ness aye.
■yOUNG GERMAN WOMAN WISHES A
X situation for housework and cooki.ig: referen-
ce i. call 1532 Polk st.
Wanted— a Position by middle-aged
• i woman us cook in a boarding-bouse or hotrl;
first-class baker. 748 Howard si.
MIDDLE-AGED WOMAN WANT 8< POSITION
to do housework: kind to children; wages
moderate: city. 28 south Park, off Third.
STKONG GIRL WISHES A SITUATION FOR
0 general housework or work by the day; best
reference. Ada re*s 343 San Carlos aye.
yOUNO WOMAN WOULD LIKE POSITION
X as housekeeper. 144 Fifth st., room 6.
yOUXO WOMAN WISHES SITUATION AS
X traveling companion. Apply 131 Taylor, r. 3
yOI.XH GERMAN WIDOW WOULD LIKE
X position as housekeeper. 38 Eady, first floor.
TAILORESS WANTED TO WORK ON
X coats. 835 Broadway, Oakland.
yOUXO GIRL ASSIST LIGHT HOUSEWORK;
X sleep home. 3466 Seventeenth, nr. Valencia.
"PERMANENT POSITION AS HOUSK-
X keeper wanted by Eastern lady; lodging-house
or widower's home preferred. 995 > Market, roum 3.
ANTID— SITUATION AS HOUSE-
" keeper; ranch preferred. Address or call 676
Mission st., roo n SVa-
yOUXO WIDOW WANTS A PLACE AS
X housekeeper; tlty or countr/. 122 Post St.,
room 2.
yoU.VO GERMAN GIRL WOULD LIKE SIT-
X uaiion us cash lady or clerk In store: speaks
German and E»?lisli. 316 Fourth st.
, — ,
Y"OUNO LADY DES.Ri-S ; POSITION AS
X working housekeeper. 112 Taylor st., room 14.
yoUNG lady, FORMERLY in GOOD CIR-
X cumstaai.es. desires a lucrative position as
housekeeper; or will do gentlemen's mending.
120 Kills at., room 17, secouu floor; call after 12.
THOROUGHLY EXPERIENCED GERMAN
1 Protestant infant's nurse; would take entire
chance of baby iii city or country; best references.
1221 O'Farre.l st.
■DEFINED LADY WOULD LIKE TO CARE
-Li* tor child 2 years or over; best of care; also
German and English taught; price reasonable.
Address 1636 Hyde sU
EX !ERIKN( LAUNDRESS WISHES
Xj silks and flannels to do at home. A pp. for
one week 045 Dore su, near Howard.
/COLORED WOMAN WISHED POSITION TO
V*' do housework by the day. 1006 Washington.
yOUNO GERMAN WIDOW DESIRES PO-
X sltion as honsekeeper. 38 Eddy st., room 1.
"WANTED— A POSITION AS LADIES' MaID
*» or working housekeeper by young colored
woman; good references. Apply or call 722 Bush.
WANTED— A POSITION BY LADY WHO
»' has been used to the care of children and as
companion; good housekeeper and musician;
srx-itKs German and English. 136 Sixth, room 14.
\") A'l, X I LIABLE SWEDISH GIRL WISHES
-i-> situation to do second work. 1 leas.- a ldress
Miss LINDBEKG. Golden Gate Postoffice (no
postal cards). Alameda County.
QUBSCKIPTIONS AND WANT ADS FOR THE
0 Call taken at branch office, 339 Hayed su;
open until 9:3J o'clock.
EXPERIENCED HOUSEKEEPER (WIDOW)
Hi wants work in widower's or bachelor's house-
hold; country iireft-rred. 88 Ninth St., room 17;
hours 11 a. m. to i) p. m.
ANT ADS and subscriptions OR
»' The Call are taken at Branch Office, south-
west corner sixteenth and Mission s.s.
7]'J LARKIN— BRANCH OFFICE OF THE
1 IO CALL: subscriptions ami want ad< taken.
WINCHESTER HOUSE. 44 THIRD ST.. NR.
"» Market: 200 rooms Vsc io SI 50 per night:
$1 50 to fts per week; convenient and respectable;
free bus and baggage to and from the lerry.
W COR. SIXTEENTH ST.. NEAR MlS-
slon; branch office of TBi Call. Sub-
scriptions and want ads taken.
SITUATIONS WANTED MALE.
HUNTER <fc CU, CHINESE AND JAPANESE
XX employment office, removed to 014Vb Califor-
nia St.. near Kearny. lei. main 231..
C CHINESE AND JAPaSEbK EMPLOYMENT
\J office; best help. 41J1 2 O'FarrelL Tel. E. 426.
JAPANESE INTELLIGENCE AGENCY. it.
90 St. Ann's bl'g, 6 Eddy St.; tel -Main 5234.
/"IHINESE & JAPANESE; EST'D 20 VKAK.S;
/help;tel.maln 1097. BRADLEY A C 0..640. .640 Clay
G" ENTLEMAN WITH LARGE EXPERIENCE
VJT in the coal trade, also in shipping business,
wants a position: salary or commlss!on: good
salesman. Address W , box 160, Call Office.
EASTERN MARRIKD MAN WISHKS WORK |
of any kind; bandy with tools; is a good team-
ster. Address I. J. X., 1204 Pacific st. ' • -f/SC
"yoUNG MAN. 24, WISHES A POSITION OP
X some kind; cliy or country: understands elec-
trical work. Address C. K. D., box 130, Call.
MIDDLE-AGED MAN, DANE, GOOD CAB-
pemer. nandy with blacksmith's and turner's
tools, • ants wort in shop or factory. P. S,, box 1,
Cull Office.
SWEDE WANTS SITUATION AS COACH-
O man, city or country; understands care of gar-
den, cows, etc.: best references. Address S. W.,
box 28. Call Office.
mEMPERATE, INDUSTRIOUS AMERICAN
J. couple will rent living-rooms from responsible
party able to give employment to oneorDoth;
woman excellent cook: man No. 1 milker and
skillful horseman: handy with tools: first-class
references. Audress C, box 163, Call Office.
/I ARDENKR, FIRST CLASS, WITH THE
VI best of references, wishes position; understands
carpel bedding, greenhouses, propagating; cau
milk and take care cf 1 ouilry. Address Gardener,
box 69, Call office.
V A YOUNG MaN, SOBER STEADY AND i
X) Industrious, a situation driving a deiiverv
wagon; understands tne city thoioughlv; best of
reterences. Call or address S. ELLIOTT, 1701
Dupont st.
ITUATION BY STRONG YOUNG GERMAN:
speaks English: good habits: bestoi reterences!
Address 1. T., care K. HORNER, 208 Mason.
9'JQ HAVES BRANCH OFFICE OF
iJOU The Call: subscriptions and want ads
taken.
-07 MONTGOMERY. COiINER OK CLAY—
O£ I open until »:3U o clock; branch office of
the Call: subscriptions and want ads. taken.
yocNG man WANTS situation AS
X yardman for hotel or private bourdlng-house-
furnish references from last employer »nd others.
Address JOHN A. MaouUXaU), 1&6 Third st.
ANTED— POSITION BY YOUNG MAN AS
" barkeeper: good references. Address R. P..
box 43, Call Office.
4 MARKET ST. — BRANCH OFFICE OF THE
Calx.; want ads and subscriptions laKen,
BRANCH OFFICE Ol THE CALL, 167 NINTH
st. — Want ads and subscriptions taken.
A MARKET ST.— BRANCH OFFICE OF THJ£
tr Call: want ads and subscriptions taken.
\yiNCHKSTER HOUSE, 44 THIRD ST NX.
• 1 «« lnr -5 t: ' U0 moms: 25c to $1 60 per night;
•1 60 to $6 per week": convenient and respectaole-
free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
FEMALE HELP WANTED.
W £« TE ?*7» S^ KmSH °' 1 GERMAN LAU7-
-" dress, $«0: 3 cooks. German style, 830 and
vi,^°i? n . ls i. gtrl " to 1183 ' ' * 12 Bnd **■»• X-EON
ANDRE, 315 Stockton st. ~*
yoUNG GIRL FOR HOUSEWORK; SMALL
1, f , am ' lv '- country town; $16; j a re paid. MUK-
-634-63*0^1° Yl Lettdlog Employment Agents.
WAITRESS COUNTRY HOTEL, $20- Walt"-
Prnr!: e BeS , different country hotels, «15 each-
REAnv n T nn Ji Scry^ OVern '''"- * 2B - MUKRAY&
Clay Ft. g E mp ° ynienl Agents. b34-t36
yOUNQ GIR,, roH OKNFRAL HOISir
1 work; faml., oi 3. 1698 P«ge su HOLSE -
TTFX.V WANTED— ContfriTH»«T.
"WAITRESS. *25; 2 WAITRESSES, CITY.
VY $16 and room: cook, $20 and room: girl,
boarding-hou'e, $12 and room; chambermaid and
wait some, $15 and room: waitress, city, $15 and
room; chambermaid and wait some, $18 and
room; German waitress, $20 and room: chamber-
maid, $4 a week and ro.im. waitress. $17 60 and
room: 4 waitrrs&es, $20, see party 3 p. m., 5
hours' work. MARTIN'S, 749 Market st.
/'I..L. TWENTY-THIRD ST.. 818; GIRL,
VI Berkeley, $20, no housework: girl, Webs it.,
$20; girl, G'lugh si., *.8: girl, Alameda, $20, girl,
Sou St., $20; girl. Washington St., $20; girl,
O'.-arrell s., $25; secoud girl, *16; girl. Octavla
St., $-'5; girl. Valiejo. *20; girl, 'Cott St.. $20; giri.
Contra Costa, Cal., $20: nursegirl. $20: 23 girls,
$-5; I.* young girls, $8, $10 and $12 per month,
assist, etc. MARTIN'S, 749 Market.
f\ KRMAN OR SWEDISH GIRL. GUERRERO.
VJT $18: German girl, McAllister, $15: German
or Swedish iirl, Berkeley, $20: ermin girl,
Geary 5.., $20: liirraao girl, vioueh St., ;20: (<er-
maii tin, Web>ter, $15: oermnni'l, Haight a;.,
$15; German girl, Octavia, £2j; German nursegirl,
$20 MARTIN'S, 749 Market »l.
« HOUSEKEEPERS. MARTIN'S, 749 MAR-
I ketst.
A WAITRESSES CITY, $15: WAITRESS
J hotel near city, $15; laundress country town,
$25; 6 girls housework, $15 and $20; 4 ycun_-
gins to assist, $10 and $15; chambermaid near
city, $2&. C. R HANSEN <fc i 0., 110 Geary at.
i \\T ANTED— A CLEAN GIRL TO DO HOUSE-
TT work; country: $10 month; steady home.
239 Post st., room 12.
WANTED— AT ONCE A RESPECTABLE
*» young girl, German preferred, for country:
go a home; wages »10 to $15. Call 318 y 8 Capp
St.. tear.
"yOUNG GIRL T< i SEW AND ASSIST HOUSE-
X work; sleep home; wages $10. (a! 2020
Bucnanan st. Thursday afternoon, Friday and
Saturday mornlug*.
"IV" ANTED— GIRL; GENERAL HOUSEWORK
TT and plain cooking; wages $12 to $16. Apply
11 Scott.
« APPRENTICE FOR DRESSMAKING. 2160
xi- Harrison st., near Nineteenth.
L'LYN.NS DRESSMAKING AND COTTINU
X 1 Academy. 14 McAllister su: $1 a week.
FRENCH ART TAUGHT IN ONE LESSON;
canvassers wauted. 1141 Market St., room 15.
EXPERIENCED OPERA! ON FLAN-
XJ nel overshirts and underwear. .L.EVI
STRAUSS <fc CO., 32% Fremo.it «U
I EARN DRESSCUTTING AND MILLINERY;
Jsl per week; unlimited le.sons: patterns
25c. McDowell Dressmaking School, 636 Market.
f>-\ C LAKKIN— BRANCH OFFICE OF THK
v - LIJ Call: subscriptions and want adi taken.
MOST CONVENIENT AND RESPECTABLE;
ITI Winchester House. 44 Third st., near Market:
20U rooms: 25c to $1 5J per night; $1 60 to $6
per week: free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
■WrANTED-10 YOUNG LADIES TO LKARN
Tl barber trade; shop to open May L. Particu-
lars call 138 V« Eighth st, S. F. Barber College,
T AWRENCE CUTTING SCHOOL IS THE
XJ only reliable place for patterns: every on»
guaranteed to be perfect. 1231 Market su
11 i\ NINTH ST.— BRANCH OFFICE OF
XX \J Thk Call; subscription and want ads
taken.
MALE HELP WANTED.
ANTED — 6-HORBE TEAMSTER, $30:
TT fruit farmer and wife. $30; 2 more qnartz-
miueri, 52 50 and $2 75 day. Apply to J. F
CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacramento st.
WANTED -AN AMERICAN BOOKKEEPER
TT who Is a good business man: must also un-
derstand U3in~ ivpewriter; best of references re-
quired: salary $80 to $90: single man. Apply to
| J. F. CKOBETT & CO , 628 Sacramento st.
T?LKVATOR-BOY WITH GOOD REFER-
XJ ences, $25: bellboy, hotel, $15; cook, country
hotel, $30; 2 neat hotel waiters, $30. C R.
j UANSEN A CO., 110 Geary st.
•\TKVT BARKEEPER, WITH FIRST-CLASS
J.l city references, $65. C. R. HANSEN <ft CO..
1 10 Geary st.
FOREMAN FOR GRAIN JRANCH, MUST BE
X I able to drive a harvester, single man about 36
years of age; waller, first-class country hotel. $25;
restaurant rook. *50: young man to drive delivery
wagon, city references. MURRAY A READY.
Leading Employment Agents, B3i and 636 Clay.
pLERK FOR GENERAL MERCHANDISE
\J sot*. Nevada, $30 and founi. R. T. Ward
& CO., 608 uni 610 (.lay sU
: \\T A ITER ; $7 A WEEK. MARTIN'S, 749
• TT Market.
j I)UTLER, $40. MISS CULLEN, 323SUTTER
| i-> street.
\\TA NTB.D— AN INIiUM'UIOUs MAN AS
t> partner with $125 capital in produce, iresh.
i suit arid smoked meat business ; cash trade; old I
i stand: must tnke chare of receipt* and books
i and work in store, present owner attending to
' ortidue custom: «ii! gnranree #60. I oard and |
i lodging monthly by doing our own «or«. Apply i
'' and Investigate at plare, 617 Iwefth St., i.a.st i
, Oakland station.
j T\T ANTED— CANVASSERS IN THE CITY
TT and State to sell lots in the city or Stockton;
! literal commission: lots will sell readily. Address
C, box 148, this office.
WANTED— STRONG BOY TOLK.ARN THE
TT blacksmith trade; must to recommended.
828 Harrison st.
EXPERIENCED SOLICITOR: GOlD PROPO-
Xl» sitlon: money In it. Room 23, 508 Montgom-
ery st.
\\ ANTED— EXPERIENCED TAN KM A KER;
TT one used to machinery; wages $2 60. M. H
box 58, Call office.
_ __ ___^______^^
ANTKD-BARBER FOR SATURDAY AND
TT Monday. 632 Tnlrd su f
BARKER FOR SATURDAY AFTERNOON
6^3 Clay st.
ARBEK WANTED FOR SATURDAY. 1805
Mission st.
BRIGHT MAN TO SFLL PATENTED NOV-
elty: experience: references, S.. box 116, Call.
KNTOUObOUTHOS SHIP. HERMAN'S
lX 637 Clay st. '
p I.ASSKEVKLER WANTED — MUST BF
vT all-around man state wagei «xp>-iu>d ' Its
Augers Art Glass Co., 625 South Broadway Los
Angeles, cai.
YOUNG MAN TO DRIVE MILK WAGON
X and also stableman: reference. 2410 Folsom.
SH<>EMAKERS WANTED ON MEN'S SHOES
20-' A Filth St. o^vjis.
V*' ANTED-CARRIAGE PAINTER TO BUY
»» shop; work ror two men. G. °"' box 3, C " 11
DOTS FROM 14 TO 17 YEARS OF AGE AP-
-O ply 200 Suttei st.
BARBERS— ON ACCOUNT OF DEATH AND
continued sickness the Art shaving Par.or is
for sale, 1356 Market st. *«.or is
\RBER WANTS PARTNER IN BARBER-
shop. or will sell all. R. P.. box 47. Call
H AIR BARBER-SHOP; GOOD PAYING
«* stand; . -?, n . Cllvl rocm ' : no reasonable offer
refused. Call Immediately 408 i/ 2 sixth st.
ARBER>_FOR EMPLOYMENT CALL SKC.
P. C, Barbers' Assn. a, FUCH>. 325 Grant ay*
T/OURNEYMKN BAR :.>....-, k;., PLOVMKNf
tl secretary .H. KhRXAHD, 102 seventh su
BARBER WASH STANDS, 1 2 AND 1 BOWi <»
cheap. H. HUF CHMIDV 6 2 A Go?denQaYe ay
STYLISH AND DURABLE CALF SHOES !
P m o de to order, $2 6ft_9s9_Ho^^ nr Slxfn!
FIRST- CLASS MECHAMCAL DENTIST
X wanted; none out a SlUiled workman need «d-
Si^, p A a?r& 1 'u I dYuT lonal B » B «C M ai«Wr.«o£»
ANTED— SOBER INDUSTRIOUS M IV to
fled wiM>i lght lnd ° l ° r b U 9lnesf: mv!t M be saU?-
-g.y'777 MaV^rsirr^mT h ™ <15 ° A^
"v\ rA oMM^T 5 ' TEAI ' V K «LIABLE MAN FOR
lt l y W.T,teary ft :rotm^ PeD -
I , A A ) '*' Ss ' A . ND GENTS' MISFIT .vHOES
ondW 1 ;* 1 " 1 exchanged; new vamps and sec-
?oordf? i? boesforBH ' c; lar 8» Btock : Aowmsde
ofren»irtn -. St ?? k: work guaranteed: all kinds
of repairing. 74-j Mission, near Grand Opera-house.
Wanted— an idea; WHO can THINK
»i of some simple thing to patent? Protect your
WviiMDm,^ 1111 " 8 you wealth. Wilte JOHN
N\EDI)ERRUKN*CO., Dept. L, Patent Attor-
ne\s. x \ a 6 D. G. for their $1800 prize
offer and new list of 1000 inventions wanted.
ELCHo HOU.-K. tsb3Va MARKET ST.— P.oOALs
XJ 20c, 25c to 60c uiclu: $1 to $*2 weec.
9^9H MISSION - SUBSCRIPTIONS AND
±.KJ4u\) ant ads taken for THE CALL.
l^t^T IK CITY— SINGLE ROOMS, IS. 20 AND
y25 cents per night: $1, $1 - 6 - $1 50 per week.
x a' trie House Commercial and Leidesdorfl sis.
II NINTH SI. — BRANCH OFFICE OF
■1 -»"' Tax call; subscription and want ads.
taken.
}> ItUNsWICK HOUSE, 148 SIXTH ST.: OPEN
•' all night; rooms 25c to $1 per night: $1 25 to
$6 per wees. J. G. DKAKK, Manager.
ROOMS 150 TO 75c PER NIGHT; 606 Tv »i. o-J
XV per week, oriental. 2*25 Drumm st.
QINGLK FURNISHED ROOMS; 15c A NIGHT
O 76c week. . Llndell House, Sixth and. Howard!
WANTED, TO UULiiKCT AUKS DUX LABOR
ersdtclerka, K.NOX Collection A*cy. 110 BatMC
HELP WANTED-ConttnnM.
TjKCRUITS WANTED FOE THE uTbTmTT
Xt rin» Corps, U. s. Navy— Able-bodied untr.«»
rled men between the ages of 21 acd So year.
who are citizens of the United Slates, or iho»
who have legally diclnred :heir Intention to »V
com» such; mils be of good character an-i hablt^W
and able to speak, lead and write English and bi<
between 5 feet 5 Inches and 6 feet In height. For
lurther information apply a. the Recruiting Oflice'
20 KllU su. San Francisco, Cul. '
WANT ADS AND SUBSCRIPTIONS FOR
Thk Call are taken at Branch office, south.
west corner sixteenth ana Mission sts,
rJVRY ACME HOUSE. 657 MARKET ST.
X low Kixth. for a room: -.V- a nl(;hc: #1 » we«<
1 flO MXX TO TAKK LODGING AT 10& 13a
J. \J\J and 20c a night, Including cuAw ana roaJ
624 Washington st. , near Kearn.-.
9^94' MISSION -BRANCH OFFIC
— <;— . \J Thk Call; subscriptions aua want u>«
taken.
W'ANTr.D— LABORERS AND MECHANIC*
TT to know that Ed Rot kin. Reno HousA pro.mot-
or. still runs Denver House, \i\7 Third su/ljj
large rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $3 per week.
■pOSEDALE, 321 ELLIS ST.— SINULE FIR.
XX nlshed rooms, 20c to 25c night, $1 to $1 50 wlc
simoa WANTS 100 Mi.N To hi|.t BO
. lie beer or wine &C: beat free lunch. 64SC1»jt.
\\ T INCHb-Sli-.K HOUSK. 44 iHlu'l> ST., Nit
»T Marne:. 200 rooms. 25c a ni«hc: .reading-
room: free bui and baggage to and lrom the ferry,
\\/ ANTED— ROOMS. 15c A DAY: $1
*» wee.it: rooms for '2, 25c a day. $1 50 a wee*;
reading-room: dally papers. 36 Clay -it.
ANTED, YOUR SHOES —WE REP\ri{
»» shoes np to 9 o'clock every night: those work*
tug through the day can have their snoes repairs^
• t night while you wait: lames' soling, 35c; ruei'i
soling, 60c: fine shoes made to order from 32 up :
we have a lot of shot* been damaged by water, its
less than one-fourth ' their value, from 25c up v
$2 SO. 56-.J Mission St.. bet. First s:. and Svrondat.
AGENTS WANTED.
4 GENTS— BRYAN'S BOOK, "THE 'FIRST
xi- Battle." Apply or address for territory, v.
Person, manager subscription department. Til X
WHITAKER A RAY COMPANY, 723 Markets:.
WANTED-HISCELLAIfEOOS.
Q'^f) BONUS WILL BE PAID TO ANY ONJ^;
♦IT - v securing position for young lady in S'.ffsQK,
or office Address W. W., box 61, Call Office. yp>
ANTED TO RENT— RESPONSIBI
'» part lei, furnished hotel. Address '/.., box 14,
Call Office.
BUILDINGS BOUGHT; LUMBER, SABHE3,
XJ doors, mantels, etc., for sale. 1165 Mission su
ELL YOUR BOOKS, CLOTHING AND JEW-
elry to a. KLEIN. 109 Sixth et.: send postaL
EDUCATIONAL.
T UCKHARDT'S COMBINED ASSAY OFFICE
XJ and School of Instruction (Incorporated);
PRACTICAL and DIVIDUAL instruction in
the latest Improved methods in assaying, analysis,
electroplating. CYANIDE process, etc.; SPECIAL
ATTENTION given to caieful assay and analysis
of ores, waters, etc. 26 O'Farrell St.; elevator.
"i UKSIVE SHORTHAND" ISTHE EASIEST,
V^' best and cheapest: vowels aud consonants •
joined: no positions; descriptive pamphlet free;
also Pltrr-an. Graham, Munson and Marsh writers
corrected and speeded: first-class references. ROS-
COE EAMI-.s, room 70, Flood building.
A SCHOOL OF PHYSICAL CULTURE AND
Elocution. 1215 Octavia st., San Francisco
MISS ELIZA MACKINTOSH, pupil of Professor
G. W. BayDhum, Glasgow, Scotland, and graduate
of the .-chool of Oratory, Philadelphia, Pa.,
teacher. Office days, Tnurs. and Sat. p. m.
HKALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 POST—
Bookkeeping, business practice, shorthand,
typing, telegraphy, languages, English branches
electrical engineering: 10 teachers; 15.00U gradu-
ates; day and evening sessions; catalogue.
${ C COMPLETE COURSE, SHORTHAND
<plO. and typewriting (Pitman or Graham) by
Eas:ern law stenographer; day orevening instruc-
tion. 1816y 3 Post.
A YRES-. THE LEADING COLLEGE. 825
-TV. Montsromerv St.: individual instrnctloa la
shorthand, typing, bookkeeping, telegraphy, eta;
lite scholarship $50: low rate* per week and m*
OTAMMERING, LISPING, ALL IMPERFEC-
-0 lions of speech, positively cured: voice build-
ing, individual instruction; references from best in
California. PROF. R. .-. DAVIS. 1508 Market
L^N(iINKEI:IN(; SCHOOL; MECH.. ELEC.«
XJci\U. lulnlng, sorvey, a.-say, urchi'., X ray
taught; e5.1864. A. VAN DERNAILLKN.933 Mkt
STIEHI^'S SHORTHAND AND BUSINESS
College. 723Maricets^: students trained- office
situations secured: lowest rates or credit for tuition
I^LO< UTION AND DRAMA; IKi.SAhTE^
XJ thoroughly taucht; apDearances arranged; ltoTsl
Sp.m. OLIVE IIOKI-S(.ii Rim-.DE!'., 299 Hydest. W
i-: LASCO'S J.YCi;U..i SCHOOL OF ACTING— f
Private theatricals arranged: pupils rehearsed
on stage. R. 6 and 12, 1.0.0. F. block, 7th and Mku
ENGLISH, LATIN AND MATHEMATICS;
XJ lii»rature a specialty. MISS ROULSToN
724 . 'l-arr.-ll st.
HAKP.HII TAR. MANDOLIN. PI A V INT-
ing, French lessons. "Miss TIFF AN V.821 Turk.
FKOF. LOUIS MBREJ: MANDOLIN,
X guitar, cornet; reasonable. 226 Geary, ur. Powell.
SPANISH, Etc.: Prof. DkFILIPJ»K'S
A 1 Academy of Languages, 320 Post; e.-itab'a 1871.
SUBSCRIPTIONS AND WANT ADS FOR THE
O Call taken at branch office, 339 Hayes st.;
open until '.' -.SO o'clock.
OOKKPNG, WRITNG, ARITHMTC. IiIUMR,'
day night: no classes; $5 month. B*s Mission.
PIANO TAUGHT IN SIX MONTHS NEW
X quick method: $2 bO per month. 323 Hyde st.
PIANO LESSONS AT PUPIL'S HOME; 60c;
X best ref. B. F.. box 76, Call Office.
INOING; PIANO; PARIS GRADUATE;
French, German languages: $2 mo. 109 Taylor.
LEO COOPER'S SCHOOL OF ACTING. DaNC-
XJ in*?, voice, pantomime, stage. 814 Geary st.
GUITAR. MANDOLIN, PiANO AND VOCAi.
lf«ion^. *:-! m». .Mary Westhan-i. i 9 Fifth.
HORSES.
Af\ HOUSES FOR SALE: ALSO WAGONS,
"v/ buggies, carts, harness; Grand Arcade Horse
Market, 327 Sixth st. : auction sales every Wed-
nesday. SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
CA HEAD DRIVING AND WORK IiORHES;
O\J weight 1000 to 1700 lbs. 862 Howard st.
ALL KINDS OF TURNOUTS TO LET AND
for sale. M.F. BOYCE'Slivery staole. 38 12th st
C fk HEAD OF HORSES SUITABLE FOR ANY
OUbnainess 900 to J5OO pounds. Old Turk-st. car
stables, 1301 Turk; team of lame young mules.
C/|/| BKT NEW AND SECOND-HAND HAH-
O\J\J neas: nil kinds: buggy, wagon, carts, surrey
& rockawar: 40 cheap corses, loth ami Valenclv
V
WAGONS and CAKUIAGES.
FOR SALE— FIRST-CLASS WAGON. SUlT-
able for grocer Or plumber; chebp. 436 Hayesil
E W AND SECOND-HAND BAKER, LABS/
i.\ dry and mllk-waeon: also fine top buggy aiyi
rockaway. BiS Harrison st. - '
ATTORNEYS- AIL AW.
AD\ T ICE FREE: DIVORCE LAWS A SPEC-
ialtjr; private; no fee without success: probate,
Insolvency, wills, collections, bills of sale, deeds,
damage^ etc.; private detectives; estab. 10 years.
G. W. HOWE, 850 Market st. corner Stockton st.
ADVICE FREE; NO CHARGE UNLESS BUC-
jtA. cessful. W. W. DAVIDSON, 927 Market st.
W. KING. ATTORNEY-AT-LAW, CHRON-
. tele building; advice free; low fees; all cases.
A DVICE FREE; NO CHARGE UNLESS SCO
A cessful. J. G. JEFFREBS. 632 Market, rm.^3.
BICYCLES.
<flj/IC -BEiN-HUR," BKAND NEW: REGU-
VP^tO. lar price $85: guaranteed high grade.
GOLDEN RULE BAZAAR, 718 Market St.
PROFESSIONAL CARDS.
JOHN E. iiICHARDS, LAW OFFICES. ROOM 4
O 26 and 27, Crocker DuUdia*; wslepaon* &Uia
75. Han Francisco, CaL
JOHN R. AITKEN AND MAURICE L. ASHER
attys at law. ruut 515. 5 16. 5iQ floor, Parrotl bldi
HOTELS.
I>ROOKLYN HOTEL, 208-212 BUBH BT-
-1 > board and room $1 to $2 per day, $6 to $12
per week; choice rooms 50 cents to $1; suite
rooms for family $1 to SI 50 per night: first-class
service: tree coacb. CHARLES MONTGOMERY
rUOI'OGRAPUEIM SUPPLIES. £
PHOTAKE CAMERA 2x2, LAMP, CH~EM»
X cals, paper and 6 plates, $2 60. California
Camera Co., 22 Geary st. . ««*«*.,
STORAGE.
T> EDUCED RATES, FURNITUKE. PIANOS,
It household gooJs. e:c. J. M riEßck. 735 MkU
PHYSICIANS.
Ij^Sad^K o^?^^ 1206 MARKET, RKS.
XJ 2884 25tn au ; disease* of women asijeciali#iBrSINESS CnAXCES.
' Q^l^n *- :ORNF 'R WHOLESALE AND~KfT- I
•.<?*"'. «'»'. tail wine and liquor bustnesi: old-os- '•
tablished place: do. fine business: cheap re t: !
o-.vrr»r> attention r. quire., In oner mannfacturine '■
■ -siu ess; must sell. a. B. LKSB, 1032 Market st.
l^ltOO BRANCH BAKERY, TATIONERY
V- \j\j\i. nJ school supplies; good location:
Ivinc-rooma. furniture Included; mar ■ school;
good, steady business. A. S. CES-- 1 , 1032 Market!
ffiftOO CO SALOON; WITH 6 LIVING-
f^^\JKi. rooms, builui:i incti.deu ; <io opnosi-
= »lon: cheap ground rent: long lease; worth $1500
JO'any one: owner must I.a\e the cit. : musl be
sold at Once. A. -. LKS-, 1032 Market at,
'. <s;4fm saloon, N. of MARKET; 4 FINE
'. tu-rrv/v. fninlshed rooms; kitchen; -torerooms 1
: tine sleek: best location; cheap re it; greatt-st bar-
EiiU ever offered: ow.,er lias her larce Interests.
A. s. less, 1032 Market at.
■Vfßfifln MEAT MARKET ACROSS THE BAY:
. v VJ\J\J. refrigerators, cash reiUter, 2 hor<ei
..pud wagons: steady run of first-class trade, which
• Kan be verified; immense bargain, A. a. Liiasl
.'• 1032 Market st.
' <2 Q^fl OYSTi X AND Clio? HOUSE: BEST
•' VxJyU. locution north of Market; receipts
• ?750 o $1000 per mouth; worth ?eOO. A. S.
■%K>S. 10. 2 Market st.
I -ttt: : — — — .
" fIM-C/pCOFFKh: SAIO AND CHOP-
• <£)'l\J\J. hous» between Ur.e buildings; s:eady
■•. trade. A. S. LKSS, 1032 Markets:.
«;. XA A SALOON IN THE BUSIEST MIN-
, <I>Mv^. Ing district in the Slate. A. S. LEBS,
.;IWS2 Market st.
: ] ',}AA CORNER ROAD HOUSE WITH
••tii'.li.uu. rooms, gardens, she s, etc.; estab-
' llshed. 2s years and la one 01 the best known places
of i-his Kind here; b.ars Investigation. A. S. LESS,
•1002 M-arket st.
•■■.CrXA SALOON WITH 4 NICK I.iVi\<;.
- vluu, rooms easily worth double; must sell
.'•on account of sickness; a rare bargain, a. S.
■ LESti, 1032 Market a .
• •Q.OKA CANDY STORE AND FACTORY;
$Tyt{V a the best locatioa 111 the City; tine ice-
cr.eam 'parlor; elegant fixtures, A. S. LESS, 1032
M»r_ki-t si.
HIGHEST CASH PRICKS PAID IMP. FURNl-
•.tiire. n-stauranu saloon fixtures and grocer;
Bier**. STKNBKiiG, 632 Market; teL main 1043.
• QlQllfl SALOON. MARKET ST.. FINELY
. O ' O"U. n\u-d. STENB KG. 632 Market st.
•^ii^nn RESTAURANT NORTH OF MAR-
:g*^ •''-"■'• ket s:.. doing good bus'ness: low rent;
/ r^rt cash. bTENBERQ i CO.. 632 Market st.
VJ2-700 COFFEE LOON AND CH0P-
••.0..1 V.'V. house: finely fitted up: block nonh of
; Market St.: trial given. B : ENBERO, 632 Market
»')* ill SALOON: ELEOA.N FIITED: 1
O(J\-i.. block north of Market s:.; low rent;
•stocked with fine liquors, cigars, etc.: private
• rdoms: owner hus 01 her business: makes big sac-
• r.Uce ; luvpsiisate this. STENBERG. 632 Market.
<S\- \l\t\ SALOON WORTH MORE THAN IS
" »JiJU(J. asked for it: good location. THE
HKQFEBrV KXCIIAN<;K, S5O Market St. j
'.' i^JRSJ-CLABS REAL £STATK MAN OB
1 'X.yoman anted at PROPERTY EXCHANGE,
01-- NUMBER OF BRANCH IiAKKKIKS
Vj) I I O. and notion stores: to $300. PP.OP-
JEB.I KXCHANGK, 850 Marset.
Q'JTX SOME GOOD LODGING-HOUSES;
C*«' I «-*• doing good busines-i: from $375 up.
■PIioPKRTY EXCHANGK, tbO Marktt.
Gil "A LARGE LIST OF SALOONS; ALL
C-' O\J. prices, from $S0 to &3000. I'liOl'Lll-
-1 V EXCHANGE. s&0 Aiur^et.
■.i)kstacka.\t and c<>ffee saloon; opp.
' "XI depot: $175. DECKER. 1020 Market st.
•f\V"ANTKD— MAN WITH HMALL CAPITAL
• \ I. to take half interest In a new and valuable In-
' ve'n.ion relating to bicyUs: It flight to be used by
/»v>ry bicycle-rider: it costs but ln.le to nutourac-
..uure; properly haud.ed it ouch: to ma*e a for-
tune. ' lor further inform»tion apply toßoone's
■ Patent" Agency. 214 Pil.s st., baa >raucisco, Cal.
• ANTED— MAN WITH SOME MONEY TO
• '» j take half interest In a patented new invention
" tfiat "wiil pay bi% profits. Addieas J. X, box 10.
• Office, Oakland.
' OOD PLACER CLAIM, OR WILL WORK
-VJ same on shares: glvi> coat on aud full par-
.* ticu.ars. Address M. Z., box 131, 1 all.
CO (\C\ AND BKRVICES FOR A GOOD BU-I-
O I «- '* ' ress opportunity; bookkeeper. Address
M.. box 13-.', CalL
TT OU SALK— CORNER GROCERY AND BAR;
JT will sell cheap on account of sickness. Apply
. 1044 Pacific st.
(T. ; (\( X well-paying butcher-shop
• C>« \J\J. on Market su Inquire GKOUGE, 533
California st.
BRANCH BAKEKY, GROCKKIEB, NOTIONS
and caudy-store; £Oud location. Apply this
0 olike.
■ CKiAK-STORE AND LAUXOKY OFFICE ON
.\J Market sU; cheap. inquire Call Office.
."DAKTNER WANTED TO JOIN ME IN PUR-
■ X chase of a splendid business, in the line of
. which I've had lons experience, ami know the
• opening in question to be exceptionally good: re-
• -quires only 750 for half interest, of which #350
• may te pal i from the bnsineia If so desired, which
with proper auen.ioa ton d easily clear $500U to
50J0 a year; present owner bas.maie a fortune
Insist few years, but must hereafter devote unai-
. -vided attention to other in. erects: duties would be
jprii.clpally office work: this proposition is post-
. lively all right and I mean- business, so none but
' principals, i.am.ii,' time aud place for personal in-
terview, need ai ■; ly. Address OPPORTUNE, oox
• 64, call Office, city. .
•" Q97X • WILL BUY A FINK i ESTAURANT;
V.-* ' O. cheap rent: receipts fiom 912 to $15
'-.a day; will bear investl^atiou to this etfecL 33
■ilxth, room 18.
LE\AKN particulars of partner&hip
opening, in thorouchly establlahea and very
' extensive business: actually worth ten times the
•5400 required. Particulars of N. Ik SICKi-LS,
b2O Market St.
CVJMPr.'IKXT OKUMAN, STEADY HABITS.
. . /with small capital, who is w liing to fill position
of first foreman on bread in one of the largest
bakeries in city and take part interest in .same.
Bakery, box 158, Call utti
GOOD CKANCE TO INVEST IN A PAYING
.manufacturing bus ness: entirely new. Ad-
dress Busiuess, box 57, Call Omce.
.tV'AXT D— TO INVEST IN A SM.aLLCoF-
. : »* fee-nous* north of Market and west o; Kearny.
• R. P., box 1.-.5. CaU Offlc*.
• ■L'oii' SALE— BRANCH BAICKBY AND i.AUN-
X dry cffic«; account of slqkueis. 137 Larkin s:.
VIRST-CLASS SALOON, CHEAP: SALE AC-
T count of sickness. Call 119 Olive aye.
FOR SALE— GROCERY AND BAR; NO OP-
posltio*. Inquire at call Ofiice.
\ppODCHA*CE Is OFFERED FOR A MAN
vJf -that qcderstands the de.lcacy business: very
f*w dollars required to start with. 1339 Park %i.,
.J^lame,da.
A-r: UNG WIDOW WANTS A GENTLEMAN
X partner: small capital. Room 8, 207 Post st.
"I. UTCIIEK-SHOP FOR SALE AT 359 FOURTH
, J ' cBtree't. . "
"OKSTAURANT: GOOD PLACE FOR MAN
Xt and wife; cheap. 324 Larkin it.
I $;>>7C SALOON ON BUSY STREET NORTH
I] % — I *") : of Market: cheap rent and Insurance,
1 ''■i-e, etc.; no agents- inquire Call oflice.
PAYING LOON; GOOD LOCATION: DAILY
X receipts $10 to $12; must be so. account of
Sickness. Inquire Call Office.
./CORNER GROCERY AND BAH FOR SALE:
\J -good- location; will sellcaeap; going cut of
• business on account of illness Apply this office.
FIRST MORTGAGE. $1200, 10 PKR CENT,
X on first-class property, fur -ia c at a discount;
mortgage due. Address H. C. H , 32 J Minna st.
Ir>Oß BALE— DINING-ROOM; ESTABLISHED
X trade .of 25 bjardera; central location- r:ui
•boarded out. Address 1". TV, box 47, Call Office.
OA.L6ON FOR SALE. INQUIRE McLEOD <fc
.p HATIE, 515 Market st.
TTOTEL OF 60 ROOMS TO RENT ON THK
XX Potrero. and furniture for RENT ON THE
Potrvro. arid furniture for sate; opposite tbe
L'uiQn Iron Works. 226 Michigan st.
SALOON F R SALE CHEAP; KITCHEN
and sleeping room attached. For particulars
inquire at saloon 915 Market st.
•11ARE CHANCE; CHICKEN RANCH. Al>
. XL df ess G. G., 2460 Folsom si.
ON X • .F TH X BEST -MILK ROUTES I.V ALA-
meda county for sale; run by present owner
'or 12 years; sickness cause of selilug. Addrc-s
A.T. NEWTH, box 1140, Alameda, or at ranch
« Kitchbarg.
?I.OSPKKOUS REPUBLICAN WEEKLY
'■X newspaper; golden opportunity: easy terms;
ow^e'r leaving. Address ••>-, box 61, this office,
'yT'l/' MISSION — SUBSCRIPTIONS A..-.D
.--iO^O want ads taken lor THi£ Call.
LATEST CAR FE.VDKR PATENT: BEST IX
reutlon. Apply 623 Golden Gate aye.  •
-CLASS. SALOON: NKAK BALDWIN
X Hotel; must be sold at once: good reasons for
lelling: no agents. AddressbTONE, boxll4, Call.
0- —
ifUTY ROUTE FOX 3ALE. APPLY THIS
7v offiois.
A KIMaTOSCOPK— PROJECTING LI ING
»o- pictures. Animatoscope, 933 Mrkf,, 7th floor
'•TV'KWSPAPER ROUTE 1^ INTERIOR CITY
U-l close to baa Francisco. For particulars apply
Uhls.otlice.
QQC» «AYES-BRANCH OFFICE OF THE
V"" all-, subscriptions and want ads taken.
°-Om?££l??l AND BERT IN AMERICA-THB
r ,\JTZ tALL, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $1 60, post-
ace tree
J
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
J;^'|\ LODGING-HOUSE, X FAR MARKET; \
«jTU«Jv/. 'is welf-furnished rooms; rent low: '
a<Aii.s fall: best class of roomers. A. S. LEsS,
10.12 Market si.
on koom HOUSE ON MARKET ST «1400
CU 22-r.>oui house, only $ -100 i
65 rooms, cor... S,tOO| 14 rms on Suiter. <0J ,
11 rs., must sell 20 | fc6 mis, beat city .3,50
H. c. DKCKER, 1020 Market sl. opp. Fifth.
.-. > " ~i\i\ FIRST-CLASS LoDUING-HOLSE, j
iSJL'>\J\I. 44 roonn: a neat, clean and paying j
bouse we' 1 located; r.-a4on for selling fully ex-
plain' d. Apply immediately ALDEN-GARFIELD
C .. 902 r.-.i.ul\vay. OaK and.
I'CRMTCBE FOB SALE.
\ WONKY-RAISING -ALt.— 3o DAYS ONLY
J\. Badrooui seta, 3 pieces Vi 50
Solid oak dining chairs Toe
4-room furniture outfit, $67 .'>')
Brussels carpet, laid...'. 55c yard !
SUIitKK .x .-UIIiEK, 747 Market at., oppo*iu* 1
Gram aye.
T'OK BALE— FOLDING-BEDS, BUREAU.
1 Call morning. 1406 Hyde st,
T L. J. NKUxJANN'S. 117 SIXTH. FOR
lowest prices on household roods: new or tuoJ
ff new. cas or on lime: <>:.. v even.n.-s.
FHRXITCRE WANTED.
17URMTURE, STOVES, CARPETS, COUN-
r ters. showcases. ANDERSON, 1121 Market.
IF YOU WANT GOOD PRICKS FOR FURNl-
ture and merchandise see KURD, 211 Larkla
IIiHER PUICK THAN ANYWHERE PAID
by Indian* Auction C0.1M57 Market.opp.Jone>
CARPET CLEANING.
CARPETS CLEANED, RENOVATED LIKE
V^ new. J. KEN, 453 Stevenson. Tel. 5.228.
CITY SlfcAM CARPET CLEANING WoKK-1:
cleans, moves, lavs carpets. G. H. BTEVBN4
iur. 38 and 40 Eighth st. ; telephone South '-'50.
Ur HKN YuU BECOME DISGUSTED WITH
poor work send toSPACLDIISG'S PloneerCar-
pet-beatlni; Works, 353-57 Tehama St.; tel. So. 4J.
CARI'KT-i LEAN IXC, 3c: LAYING, 3c: RUG
samples free: tel. Jessie 944. Stratton, 3 si.
A D VANCE CARPJiT-CLEANIxVG CO., 402
A butter; lei. Main 394. GKO- WALCOM, prop.
J WaTTS, reliable carpet-cleaning renovtg. alter-
v . ation works.' 40» McAllister. Tel. Jrssle 321.
CARPETS CLEANED <fe RENOVATKD LIKE
V- new. 23T«nth;tel. south 36. Mackintosh <fc Co.
Jl-^ MIICHKLL, CAKPET-i LEANING CO.,
. 1:40 14lhst-: cleaning 3c a yard. Tel. Mis. 71.
/TtONKLIN'si ( AKPf.T- BEATING WORKS
\J 333 Golden Gate aye. Telephone Kast 1-6.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
CALL AND HEAR NEW STYLE BRUENN
_ pianos; patent sounding- board; new principle;
the delight end wender of nil musicians. 228 Pose
OX PIANOS, WITHOUT REMOVAL: VERY
low interest: no co mission. 116 McAlli st.
BEST BARGAINS IN THK CITY FOR THE
next 5 days at MAUVaIS*. 769 Market st.
LEG ANT MRUENN PI A O: (i .UD AS
new; sacrifice. BRUENN 228 Post su
* CTU.VLLY THE BEST BARGAINS IN Pl-
\- anos; mon hly pa ments from »5 up: deliv-
er, d free with sio.<l and cover: correspondence
solicited. THE F. W. SPENCER COMPANY,
salesrooms 933 Market St., opp. Masou; estab
l;shed over 20 years.
til AH UPRIGHT IN GOOD CONDITION; A
CluU. bargain. KNN 's, 2-8 Post st-
-ILKG A NT BTEI N WA V UPRIGHT FOR SALE
XJ or. account of departure; 3pe 1 ais. Tilt. F.
W. bPENCKK COMPANY, 1,33 Market St., opp.
Mason.
Q 1 9fl HAZKLTON upright, stool,
0 1 — v. cover; 55 installmis. 221 Leavenworth.
XTOU ARK WELCOME TO CREDIT AT
X BRUKNN'S piano house, 228 Post st.
A BSOLUTKLY THE OLDEST AND LARGEST
A house west of Chicago Is K'jllLEK &.
CHASE'S* 26, 28 and SOo'tarrell s .; piat;o3,cr-
gans aun ail ottnr musical instruments, 01 all
grsdes and prices; terms easy, prices loweii:
everything possible done to ji.e^se aud oaiisiy the
customer.
OX A FIDE REDUCTION IN PRICES—
' Haines. Kbabe, Bush .V Gerts «nd others: sec-
ond-hand pianos from $100 up. W. C. HAMIL-
TON, successor to A. L. Bancroft & Co., 224 1 ost.
UH RENT CONTRACT PL AX ENABLES
every family to have a fine Dew piano. sHint-
MA>, CLAY dt CO., Kearay and sutler sts.
A DMINISiRATOK'S SALE — MUST SELL,
S\- pianos at Immense rt-dticilon for cash or 011
ins ailments. EATON KM ATE. 735 Market.
WHY PAY REN I' FOB A. PIANO WHEN
>» the same mon;hly i?.yments will purchase
One at BHKKMAN, CLAY & CO.'S.
THE BUST PIANOS OK EVKRY GRADE,
X from Meinway down, can be found at tHEIi-
MAN, CLAY & CO. '■%
BARGAIN. FINK LARGE UPR IGUT.CHE A P
SCHMITZ. 16 McAlllster.neztHibernia Bank.
A T SHKRMaN, CLAY <fc CO.'S ONLY WILL
XX. you find a slock of new rsteinvray pianos
TTOfiSUXG'S PI\NO; MOST PERFECT;
XX brilliant and powerful tone. 216 Post st.
\\[ li. UADOKIt. SOLE A -ENT FOR HALLET
< ' .d: Davis and Francis Bacon pianos. 415 bacta
PIANO- SOLD AT SHERMAN, CLAY & CO.'S
on very easy payments.
* SHAW, STEINWAY 8250. CHICKERINO
1\ ?185;great bargains; * 4 mo Hr:INE.I3B EUIj.
BYRON MALZY; BOs' P^s>T ST.— >OHllhH,
Newby *t Evans, Brlgics and other pianos.
SUPKRIOK VIOLINS, ZITHKKS, OLD& NEW
0 H. MULLER. mak»r. repairer 2 1 a ham place.
MEDICAL.
A LL CASES OF MONTHLY SUPPRESSION
Jx. from wbßtever caus ■) restored In a few
hours: safe and sure at any time; instant relief for
travelers: home in confinement: beat care and
privacy; regular physician; 30 years' successful
practice: my celetirateJ remed.es for monthly
suppression never fai : medical electricity for all
fema comp aims: every case guaranteed: con-
bii lat urn fr< c, confiden.lal: hours 10 to 5: pills $1.
MRS. DJt. WYKTII, 916 Post st-, i.ear Larkin.
ANEW PROCESS— NO MEDICINE. INSTRU-
ment or worthless pills used: every woman
her own phys clan for all female trouoles, no mat-
ter from wha: cause: restores always In one day:
can be sent and used at home; all cases guaranteed:
If you want to be treated safe ad oure call on a
man's physician. DR. POPPKR, 318 Kea- ny st.
A bURK CURE FOR ALL FEMALE DIS.
XV. eases from whatever cx us': a home in con-
finement with every comfort: satisfaction guar-
anteed by MRS. GWYER, 226 Turi at.
A PROCESS THAT IS PERFECTLY HARM-
less: never fails In any case of monthly sick-
ness, no motter what cause; no elec ricity hum-
bug or other dangerous methods: money In every
case refunded If a cure is not effected: traveler*
helped Immediately: years' experience; home In
confinement with sanitarian convenience. Con-
sult free the only reliable physicians, DR. AND
MRS. DAVIKS, 14 McAllister st., i.e.xt Hibernla
Bank: hours, 9 a. m. to 6 and 7 to 8 v. v.
PROCESS THAT NEVER FAILS TO RK-
A PROCESS THAT NEVKK FAILS TO BK-
store every case of monthly sickness from
whatever cause In a few hours when msdlcines
and others have failed; no instruments used:
many years' experience: every cusp guaranteed;
advice free; terms reasonable; first-class private
home for confinement. MRS. DR. DALEY, 1126
Market St., over the Owl Drugstore.
R. FOULKT'S FRENCH CAPSULES — A
guaranteed absolute cure for all female dis-
eases (110 master what cause): positively safe and
sure no (Jacs r or after effects: taken in time I;
also acts as a preventive: price $1 £0 per box:
tent free by mall on receipt 01 prloa WALLKB
Jilt OS.. 33 Grant aye.
K. AND MR-*. W GENER. 526 EDDY ST.:
private home; every comfort: separate rooms
before and confinement : female complaints
skillfully treated; regular j.hyMcian: quick re Iff
fur travelers: best care: ler.i s modernte: babies
adopted In good families; consul free; Dills $2.
MKH. GOODWIN. SPECIALIST, LADIES
near or far; safe, quick cure guaranteed, any
disease or complaint; home for patients; best
skill free diagnosis; low fees; self-cure;. 401
Van Ness aye.
A LPEAU S FRENCH PILLS— A BOON TO LA-
i\ dies with female troubles; no danger: safe and
sure- $2 60exi>re<ss U. O D.; doa't delay until too
late. OSGOOD BROS., Coast Agents, Oakland;Cal.
A T THE PEOPLK'SOXE DOLLAR MEDICAL
A Institute all cases treated and medicines fur-
nsned for *1 ; cal! or write. 1029% M rketsL,
bet. bixtb and Seventh, .-an I raodscv, Cal.
C* inn PAID FOR A CA>E I FAIL TO CI'RR
>iiUU of female complaints or diseases of the
eye; consultation free. MKB, DR. SCOT 1,4 10 Geary
DU PRAE'S FEMALE REOULATING PILLS:
XJ safe and efficient emmenaeoguo: $1 per box.
RICHARDS &CO.,drugglsts, 406 Clay su.soleagts,
DON'T Fail to consult Dit. Jordan AT
his museum, 1061 Market St.: his 30 years
f uccessful practice Is a »rnp.raniee of fair treatment
lie worst cases treated satisfactorily by malL
HOME IN CONHNKMKNT; IRnKGULARI-
ties restored. DR. AND MRS. KAY, 61 Fifth.
HOME. A fKIEND AND MOT. . KK'S CARK.
MRS. UK. FLNKE. 1416 Kighth bt.. Alameda,
1 t IRREGULAR UKA.NY i*K.UALK Dl KA.-jii
IseeMKS.DI^ J' l" X 1 and be content. :WU4l.i.
I k K, HALL, 14 McALLISI EX STREET, N±.Aii
XJ Jones. Diseases of women ana children. ,
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 20, IS9T.
HOUSES TO LET.
]
9 ROOMS, BATH AND LAUNDRY, ON 12TH
Bt. ; 7 rooms bath and laundry, on Glen Park
aye., larse yards front and rear, attractive loca-
: lon, sunny, c.can. in good repair; rents very low.
DEM I' Ti.K, 36 Glen Park aye,, oft* Twelfth St.
-1 00.0 BUSH — SUNN V HOUSE; 9 ROOMS;
i — —V" yard; rent reasonable to a good tenant.
<J» ii\ 1731 BROADWAY, NEAR GOUUH— B
I V '"• rooms: every convenience: marine view.
| BAD jKNa.NT.-. hJKCTKD: $3. SMITH,
: 13 collector, 14 McAllister St., rooms 10-11.
! " ROOMS; :>S3b si-.CGND ST.: $15 PER
0 month. Key at 539 ' econJ st.
7 ROOMS; 537b SrCO-ND bT.; »17 I'tll
• mo. Key at 539 Second Ft.
,- ROOMS: NEW HOUSE: MODERN IM-
I 0 provements: 4o Federa » .; 585 per month to
I desirable tenants. Key at 539 .-econdst,
|
HOUtsh.>* lv l-i-.-Nl' Juit VKiIV LITTLE
money at UAi.Dsv'l^ v. iIAiHAIOND'a. Ij
Mr.ntromer^- *::.
COTTAGES TO LET.
"VICE SUNNY COTTAGE, 5 ROOMS: WATER
-i-\ free: $10 per moiib. inquire 2315 ivs st.
QUNNY COTTAGES OF 4 AND 5 ROOMS,
tC bath, basement, yard: cheap. Cor. Dolores
aud Fifteenth ats.
Ql r "r NICE COTTAGE; 6 ROOMS: BATH;
r^l«). sunny: yard; cellar. Key 711 Treat aye.
87 AND $9: COTTAGES; 3 AND 4 I'.OOMS;
tj*> • good order. Apply on premises, 945 Bryant
j n., or<i. 11. UMBSE.v & CO.. 14 Montgomery st.
! *~ ~ *~ *"
FLATS TO LET;
VICE SUNNY REAR LOWER FLAT; 4
-LN rooms; rent $9, water free; South fur*, bet.
] Bryan and Brunuan sis. Api-ly at BoVEE, TOY
j »fc bOXNTAU 30 Montgomery at.
SUNNY MIDDLE FIAT OF 7 ROOM-* AND
~ bath: rent $22 50, water free: south Park. bet.
Eryant and I!r.<unan sts. Apply at BuVKt, TOY
& BONN TAG'S, 30 Montgomery st.
j SHOTWELL-FLAT OF 6 SUNNY ROOMS,
"i bath, stationary waahtubs; rent $16.
A ROOMS. BATH, ETC.. TILED SINK. DOOR-
i *x opener, etc.: 4 rooms and Lath, second flour;
I 3 rooms, laundry, large yards for flowers. 1 ase-
I ment, etc: all sunny; location very attractlTe:
rooms cl.-an: rents very low. DEMPSTER, 36
Glen Park aye., off Twelfth st.
HAXDSOMK, feU NY, NEW 4 ROOMS; ALL
modern: cheap rent. 2927 Sacramento K.
CAi FELL— FLAT OF 4 BOOMS; YARD AND
<J\JO basement; rent 15.
"I OWER, UPPER FLATS-5 ROOMS: B\TH:
XJ yard; $15, »18- 12 MioiweU st.,ur. Fourteenth.
1 *->9*Jl SACRAMENTO — FLAT 5 ROOMS;
it)— *.)•» modern improvements: rent $16.
J-KOUM FLAT: FKDEKAL PLACE. OFF FED-
*i eral St.: to a tenant without children; $10 per
month. Key at 039 second st.
CHEAP MODERN FLATS, b AND 6
V rooms, f8 to $16: see them. 523 Seventh st.
VLA 1.1 '1O rtii.N T -fc'Ott VtKV UTTLS
X 1 money at r.ALKWI.N oi. HAALM.OND'iv li)
jucntronx>rv «t.
HOrSEKEEPINO KOOMS.
Birch Avenue.
(\-\ ?: BIRCH AYE.. BhT. LAGUNA AND BC-
\JX<J chanan— 2 rooms and kitchen, $7.
Eddy Street.
/?] C EDDY— 3 UNFURNISHED. LOWER
\J 1 O flat, every convenience for housekeeping;
with stove.
" 1 Q EDDY— LARGE FRONT FURMmUED
1 J V room with kitchen, 512: other ro ms.
Eigbtli street.
"I no EIGHTH— THBitB R OMSOF A FLAT,
-I \JO untarnished; large yard; rentcheap.
loltom .Street.
Q-| rv 2 OR 8 FURNISHED ROOMS FOR
OXU. housekeeping. 820 Folsom. near Fourth.
li'l FOLSOM— NICE > .\ \ > FURNISHED
•'4 1 rooms to let for honsekeeping; double or
single: reasonable.
i lull ntrent.
J')Cl FIFTH— FRONT ROOM AND KITCH-
J«-Cs en furnished lor hous ke°plng: flrstfioor.
tUlon Street.
11 /> FULTON — 3 LARGE FURNIRHKD,
1 1 \r rooms compete lor housekeeping; cheap;
also single.
Harrison Street. m
700 HARRISON— "WIREE HOUSEKEEPING
I iJO rooms; complete: bath.
Hickory Avenue.
"I Q HICKORY AYE, NKAR MARKET AND
X «/ Van Ness— Two connecting rooms for house-
keeping; hath, etc: private family.
Kearny Streor.
99Q KEARNY— 3 OK 6 ROOMS COMPLETE
— — for housekeeping: also suit and single.
9QA KEARNY— HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS
—OW with gas or coal stove; other rooms.
Larkin Street.
A C )Q LARKIN — 3 SUNNY FRONT ROOMS
J — • ' for IK' lit housekeeping; terms moderate.
Market Street.
1 A9Q MARKET— 2 ROOMS, $7; 2 ROOMS,
JU — O furnished. $10.
JilU 11 M •■«;«..
r 4 (* MINNA — FURNISHED ROOMS COM-
-0 XU plete for housekeeping: large yard.
rOA MINNA — HOUSEKEEPING KOOMS ;
i O'l cheap; no children.
3118610n Street.
1 OfiQ MISSION— CHEAPEST CLEAN SUN-
XV/UO ny room*: housekee, ing; and o hers.
Montgomery Street.
C 97 MONTGOMERY. COR. CLAY — OPEN
O£- I until *:3 o'clock: branch office of Tub
C all: subscriptions and want ads taken.
Pine Street.
QA7 PINE. NEAR POWELL — 3 FUR-
O\J I nl.Hhtfl housekeeping rooms with bath; also
other rooms.
couth Park.
C7I SOUTH PARK — J-URNISHKD FRONT
0 I a suite; bath: light housekeeping.
i •' jr<t Sireo;.
1 (\Ol THIRD ST. — NICELY FURNISHED
XUUa housekeeping rooms: very reasonable.
Oli>) THIRD -2 FRONT HOUSEKEEPING
tJU«- rooms first floor: ?10.
Valencia Street
CQ4I VALENCIA— 2 OR 3 LIGHT HOUBE-
OtJ~l'2 keeping sunny rooms.
■. WEEK'S NEWS FOR 6 CENTS — TUB
t\. WEEKLY* CALL, In wrapper, for mailine.
KOOMS TO LET.
LUlIi Mroe..
QH7 BUSH — FURNISHED AND UNFUR.
O \J I nlsh> d rooms; $6 ana $10.
Eddy Street.
QO EDDY — NICE SINGLE FRONT ROOM
00 for gentleman.
1 "I Q EDDY— NEAT, SUNNY SINGLE ROOM;
lit) running water; for gentlemen; $6.
110 EDDY— SUNNY, CLEAN FURNISHED
X i O rooms $6 up; also housekeeping; no tran-
sient.
Eighth .Street.
C HERMAN APARTMKNT HOUSE. 28 RTn
0 »t_, near Market: lurnished . mid unfurnished.
j <r%t' EIGHTH— wUNNY UPPER FLAT. 8
1 — < ' > room< part y fuiiiisbed; suitable torhoase-
keeping; terms reasonable.
Ellis Street.
ROYAL HOUSE, 126 ELLIS - IXCAXDES.
cent lights In every room; read I room, con-
taining daliy )hi ers: 'smoking-room and ladles'
1 arlor; cpeu all til?lit: rooms per night. 35c to
fl 6u: week, 92 to $8: month, $8 to 830: fire es-
tapes; elevator on office floor; annex of 65 rooms
now ready :hot and cold mater In each room; oat. 13.
rPHE BAMOXA, 130 ELLIS, MRS. KATE 8.
lii ART. manager— A quiet house; centrally lo-
cated: newly furnished: elevator; hot & cold water.
l'jltli street.
THE COSMOPOLITAN — SELECT FAMILY
hotel: 100 Fifth St., cor. Mission: rooms
bOc, 75c and $1 per Bight: VI to 85 per week,
.Franklin street.
OAT FRANKLIN— I bUNNY FRONT ROOM:
JL\i 1 $6 per month.
Goiden Gate Avenue.
9/«Q GOLDEN GATE AYE.— TWO SUNNY
— '>' rooms with carpets; will furnish to salt;
j slnsle room.
KOOMS TO LET— Continued.
Geary Street.
"1 f\n GEARY — E EGANTLY FURNISHED
Xv/O sonny room*: en sulie or single; offices.
Ol GKARY ST., OPP. UNION ARE—
6 1 t) 4 unfurnistied rooms; key at 217 Geaiy st.
79] GKARY— NICELY FURNISHED ROOM;
I—l rent reasonable; references.
huuura stieu..
QnC HOWARD— ELEGANTLY FURNISHED
WO 100ms. Miss L DEAN, proprietress.
9Q HOWARD— UNFURNISHED ROOMS IN
v is Mini's or single.
Hyde Street.
7 HYDE— SUNNY FRONT SUITK, $15; SIN-
I X c rooms, $5, ?b and $7.
■lone* street.
91 r JONES— FRONT ROOM >OR GENTLE-
-I') man, gas and bate, $6; double room, $12
a month.
Kviirny Street,
' \ ISLINGTON HOUSK, 127 KEARNY —
J:\. Pleasant sunny rooms, en suite and single; firs:
class In ever/ respect: term* reasonable.
Lexington Avenue.
QQI LEXINGTON AYE.-3 NICE SUNNY
001 furnis .tel rooms and bath; complete for
housekeeping; rent $18.
lily Avenub.
1 LILY' AYE.— TO LET; SUNNY FRONT
ltJtt room; furnished foriady; reasonable.
Market street.
"yCSKMITE HOUSE. 1045 MARKET— PER
X uight, $35 to $1: week, 81 50 10*5; families.
1 "I 99 MAI- KKT— NICELY FURNISHED
11-- sunny suite; also single rooms.
"I Sflfi MARKET — SUNNY FRONT AND
J UUO back rooms; suitable for offices: terms
moderate.
Mmn.-» Stree;.
AQI MINNA, BET. STH AND 6TH— NICE
101 front 100m5, »5 luo.un; hot. cold water I atlis.
Mission Mreet.
HANCOCK HOUSE, 7bl MISSION: PFLF.CT
XX family rooming-house; $1 50 to *tJ per week. j
/>Q9 MISSION — NICKLY FURNISHED
l)«)-. sunny rooms; a quiet place; prices reason-
able. •
BOf*8 Of* MISSION —LARGE FRONT BUNNY
t)U room, suitable for housekeeping; $10.
,9.1-1 MISSION— AND EN SUITE;
i__l rent reasonable; sunny.
Nuw Montgomery .street.
FAI GO HOUSE, 105 NEW MONTGOMERY—
Sunny furnished single rooms 75c to $125 week,
uricil ."jiioc.
7f»Q O'FARREI.L— KLEG A NT SUNNY'
IUO rooms: first-class bo»rd; reasonable.
I'ost Street.
6<)9POST; ELEGANTLY FURNISHED RMS;
— — bath: hot, cold water: $8: sunny suites.
( 9<» PObT — ELKOANI LV FURNISHED
1/-.1/ front aul.e: toi.et and bath connected.
71 '» POST— LARGE UNFURNISHED PA
1 X •""' Its: suitable tor doctor's office; also fur-
nished sunny suite, terms reasonable. ,
71 pr POST. UPSTAIRS-SUNNY FURNISH-
-1 It) ed and housekeeping rooms.
Mitli Street.
OQ FIXTH — QUIKT SUNNY ELEGANT
00 rooms; ill conveniences; fireproof building.
Sixteenth Street.
9QA9 SIXTEENTH, COR. HOWARD—
— "i/U— Large sunny front room, furnished for 2,
$8; also sins .$4.
t«>euui Mice..
1 AC) SEVENTH SI.. GIRARO HOUSE— ELK-
i I- gam f urn. suites, kitchen: also single rooms
MeveiiKon street.
A(\O STEVENSON — NEWLY FURNISHED
til 7») rooms and housekeeping; cheap; with or
without board.
CCC STEVENSON— 2 FRONT ROOMS, FUR-
tJOO niched, one large and one smalL .
7QJ STKVKNsoN. OFF NINTH-LARGE
. ' O~i furnished room: use of Lath.
Stevennon Street.
70 J STEVENSON — FURNISHED ROOM,
101 with use of bath; $6 a month.
Moclcnn lui-ecu
THR EUROPEAN, 17 STOCKTON— FUR-
-1 Dialled suites from $■» 10 10 a weak; single
room $10 to $3 a week; hot and cold water in
every room: baths: transient specialty: frlevxtor.
cutter Street.
4 i)(' SUTTER. NR. POWELL— ELEGANTLY'
"i — U newly furnished light su >ny r.oras, office*;
bath; central; reasonable; appreciated if seen by
doctor.
Turk Street.
," \O TURK— LIGHT HOUSEKEEPING SUN-
t>'±O nyroom; running water; grate; gas and
bath: $10.
Miscellaneous.
SW. COR. SIXTEEN 111 st., NEAR MISSION:
branch office of Tint Call. Subscriptions and
want ads tak»n.
BOAKDINU AND KOO3IS.
9 I (\C\ CALIFORNIA — ELEGANT RES I-
— 1 \J\J dene*; hot and cold water in every room;
furnace: telephone; table first-class; excellent
service.
.HO EDDY-LOVKLY SUNNY ROOM. FOR 2,
'i 1 — wi b board; $20 each.
79' PINE (X EN A)-NE\VLY VV R-
-1 — «.' nished suites and single rooms; service
strictly lirsi-iiass; references.
719 POST-2 NICELY' FURNISHED ROOMS,
I 1<- with board, suitable for 2; $20 each: parlor.
1 4Hl VAN *fkS s . COR. BUSH— SUNNY
XIUX double and single rooms with board; '.el.
OTKL B-.RTLI.NG. 714 B SH-A FAMILY
hotel: reft rehcet: ail modern conveniences.
STORES TO LET.
BARBER-SHOP. WITH BATHS: KSTAB-
lished 16 yean: $18 per month; key at 039
becond st.
aipenter-'hop; $7 per month. 6 L'e Boom st.;
key at 539 So-- mid «. •
P.umbing-sbop; *« per month. 8 Deßoomst.;
key at 6;-.9 second si.
Corner sore, 631 becond St.; 511 per month;
> key at 639 Second st.
! All' FOURTH-SMALL STORE WITH ROOM
i 11U in rear: low rent. Apply to G. 11. UMIiSKN
& CO., 14 Montgomery st.
PISE BASKMKNT SUITABLE FOR ANY
X business; one block from .Market. 15 Grant aye.
AT LOW RENT— PAR! <J* bTORK AND
ba-«>m»nu 324 Pus st.
OFFICES TO LET.
DESK HO SI CHKAP; LARGE SUNNY OF-
flee, furnished. Call 69 Columbian building.
ST. ANN'S BUILDING, 6 EDDY ST., CORNER
Powell— Deslrab c offices, with gas, janitor mid
elevator. KOVH • . TOY <£ CO.. 30 • outgomerv.
FOB SALE— MISCELLANEOUS.
"THRESH COW: MILKS FROM 11 TO 18
£ quarts rich milk: gentle: for family. 1312
FoUom St.
rnHOROUGHBRED FOX-TERRIEU PUPS.
X 310 Golden Gate aye.
» •,
(J«Q SINGER SEWING-MA* liIXE; GOOD
«JPO. order. 1915 Mission st , near Fifteenth.
■ aks, back Bars, MIRRORS. show-
I' cases, counters, linoleum, office furniture,
■ tore and office furniture and fixtures, new and
second hand. J. NCONA.N, 1017-lul9-;021-1023
Mission •- , above Sixth.
HAND LAUNDRY MACHINES; NEW AND
11 second-band; tools supp led, etc 766 Bryant
pOLLKCTION OF 10 RARK VIOLINS FROM
\J th» estate of an artist for sale cheap. Inquire
410 Kearny st., room 10.
EW ELMWOOD RANGES ARE THE BEST
x\ W. 8. RAY MFG. CO, 12 California sl
IJOILERS,ENOINES,2D-.HAND MACHINERY
XJ water-pipes. Mclntosh A Wolpman. 187 Beais.
BARS, SCALES. MIHROR-, FRENCH
ranges, etc., bought, sold. MhEK, 1118 Mission.
COFJ-KK MILL. SCALES. LETTER PRESS,
\J stand daw, money till, safe; cheap. 102 Clay.
, ARS, SHOWCASES. COUNTERS. SHKLV-
M ing, eta. loughtand sold. 10»J3 Mission. nr.7tb.
OSK SMALL MEDIUM AND LAKUK-SIZK
tire and burglar proof safe. 109-111 Market at.
pHEAPEST AND BEST XV AMERICA— THB
\J WEEKLY CALL, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for if 1 50, post-
age tree.
PERSONALS.
CELIA PETERSEN OK MADISON— LEAVE
\J your addre-is at 842 McAllister st.
* ll* ILL AUGUST LIN b CALL AT 3 MIDWAY
'» si., off Francisco, or send ad. H. FRIEND.
MI>S ( LLIE I AKK. CARD RKADKK AND
magnetlst. Rooms 3 and 4, 303 Suiter.
ADVICE FREE: DIVOKCE LAW- A SPEC-
laliy. private; 00 fee without success: pro-
bate, Insolveucy. wills, collections, bill* of sale'
damages, etc. ; prlv te detectives: estab. 10 years.
G.\\\Hu\VE, at.y at-. aw 850 Jlarket.cor.Siocitn
piIEUMATIbM ifliEl) WITHOI T FAIL
-IV with the aid of their marvelous electrical up-
Daratuab. DR. SMITH'S ELECTKO-MAG.x E . 1C
BaIHS; go 10-day: board and sunny room if de-
sired; free consultation, 1 to S and 6 to 8; bunda>*s
10 to 12. SANIIAIUUM, 1633 BGCUA.v A.N ST.
I Ha VK IMITaThK-, 1. Ts OF THEM; BUT
X there's only one— G. LEDERKR— and that's
me. My strictly one price for all Kinds of hair-
dressing Is 25c. Hair-dreisins? wl li shampoo, 50c.
•Q I.NONIA" Hair Tonic 36c. Gray o bleached
hair restored to natural color with eerie* tiy barm-
less prei aratlon. G. l.KDr.Rctt, 111 aio^kton st.
Be sure of the number.
PRIVATE HETECMVE WORK DONE REA-
X souab c: 10 years' experience: ir<. 10 to 12 m.,
2to ,7 to B P It. G.R.Wi.B.vrER, 1027 Market, r. 6.
HHUF&CHMIDT, SANITARY PLUMBKR,
. gasfitter. b23<-oldenOate ay. Tel. .Sutler 471.
SSTROZYNSKI, 24|GI£ARY ST., EXPERT
. European hairdressers and cutters; employs
no apprentices; prices equal to others.
VEGRANT WILL HEAR OF SOMETHING
• to his advantage, by calling upon LAN DRY
C BaBIN, 413 Kearny st.
DIVORCE AND ANNULMENT OF MAR-
riage; terms of pa. uient ob istng; legal every-
where. Address lock box F., 906 Market St.. SL F.
PAINTING, WHITENING. PAPERING:
X lowest estimates best work guarante d; wall pa-
per 3c roll. EDWARDS, 1200 Webster, cor. Eddy.
MIS KKKOAN (FORMERLY WITH G. LED-
erer) i as opened a stylish halrdreuing par or;
latest effects -.price 25c. 124% O'Farrell, nr.Powell.
Tn7w7^AliDsril~sa SHOW CARD*. ETC.
IUUu TeL Black 141. HILL, 22J^ Uearr st.
C> I A DOZEN— CABIN JCft'd NVlir
<pl SON'S Gallery. 102H Market.
enfl .MONTGOMERY ST., BRANCH OFFICE
*)J~ I uTukCall; vi ant ads and subscriptions
taken.
1 ARTINGTON'S tCHUOL OF MAG\ZINE
> and Newspaper Illustration: particulars as 10
terms, etc.. 424 Pine »t- : illustration* .ur-istieJ
for magazines, newspapers, etc.
* RUSTIC Jl AIRUKE»INU, 25c; 925 FOR
- V cases of hair failing or dandruff 1 cannot euro.
MRS. HUBBARD, 1104 Market St., room 28.
RUPTURE AND PILES CURED: NO PAY
until cured: send for book. DRa M.-i.-N»
FIELD & PORT ELD. feSB Market St.
MAGNISiCOPE — NEW PROJECTING MA-
chine; uses the klnetoscope tiliua; price $25a
BACIGALUPI. 946 Market St. _^_
\* r ALL PAPER, 4C A ROLL. i'AI'EK HANO-
'» ins. painting. etc, by contract or day's worlcai
year own price. K.E. MEKIUAN, 1302 Webster su
I>lO OUTDOOR STERtOPTICON sHOW EVE-
-1 > ry nigh: cor. Market and Sixth sts.; artistic ad-
vertisements in living light: promoters of bust-
cess. Consult OWL ADV. CO.. 140 Market st.
ELKJTBIC LIGHTS IN EVERY ROOM;
Winchester House. 44 Third -st, nr. Market;
'.00 rooms. 26c to 91 60 per night; $1 60 to $6 per
week ; free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
CLOAKS. FUKS AAIJ Bill's RETAILED Al'
wholesale prices. Factory, 20 Sanaome st.
» vVEtK'S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS— TU3
-*v WEEKLY CALL. In wraDDer. tor mailing.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MRS. DR. F. < LARK, THE WORLD'S MOST
-LVL '.amous medium of modern times. Don't fail
to see her if you are interested in the affairs of life;
if marriage, skkaess, deaths, change*, travels, di-
vorces, separations, lawsuus, bubiuess transac-
tions, wills, deeds and mortgages, lost or stolen
property, lost or absent friends, interest you: If
you care to know what you should do to be sne-
cesstul, where you should go and whom to avoid,
when to buy and se.l stocks, etc.; In a word, what-
ever may be your iroub : e, nuspicions or d«slr*s,
rail on this gifted woman and aha will send you
away happier, wiser and bolder than ever before.
Hours a. m. to &p. m., strict. N. B.— isfaction
guaranteed by mall. send stamp for pamihle-,
spechd terms. MRS DR. F. CLaRK. 1206 Mar-
ket St.. parlors 26 and 26. Take elevator.
ALL HAIL HER marvelous PREDIC-
XV l. ons; only medium euaranteeiog dead win-
ning tips on the Corbett-Fitzsimmons prize-tight:
named 3 winning numbtrs In : he iast .ofery
drawing: can give yuu a sure thing at the race-
track: ladles, consult her on domestic and U>vo
alTara: removes evil in Hue aces and possesses
on!.- '•Napoleon" talisman on the coast. MISS
VaN DE VEUE, the Parisian prophetess, parlor
1. 1 Fifth bu
MME.DK THOMAS. SCIENTIFIC RE Vr.AI,
er by eggs and cards: tells entire life, pas:.
present, future: consultations on all affairs; noth-
ing excepted; names given: good advice: sure
help; restores lost lov» by evrnpatny; mistake Im-
possible: fee 91; letter $2. »2a Post su, nr Larklo,
MRS. WILSON, CARD-READER, REMOVED
to 38 Eddy st., first floor, room 1, from 106
Fourth st.
G"VPSY LIFE-IKADER REMOVED TO 3
Seventh st , nr. Market; ladies 25c, gents 50c.
AI ME. UANSEN, PALMI-T. CAKD-Kh.ADER;
1»X past, piesent and future; 25c. 148 6th, r. 6.
AIM.. LEON A RETURNED; CAKDiIEADKR;
ill magnetic treatment. 995 Market, room 3.
MMX. SYiJILi.K 1 KLLS FKoM CRaDLp. TO
grave; pictures glven;lkdie3 25c: Ml O'FarreU.
ME. MORLAU, BKS: CLAIRVOYANT AND
medium in city: fee 25c up. 764 Howard st.
\l ME. RAVEN A READS LIFE FLUENTLY;
li business advice; namesgiven; 25c up.6 F..urth
MIl^S MELVILLE, WELL-KNOWN ILAlR-
voyant, 61 Fifth it.; water readings a specialty.
RS. DEAN, MEDIUM AND MAGNETIC
healer, 605 Post si., room '£
SPIRITUALISM.
AT 907 MARKKT ST. TO-NIGHT: TESTs;
full namesgiveu. Mrs. Keegau, Mr. Louthan
and others.
CV. MILLER HAS RETURN KDFKOM HIS
* European and Amerii an tour, and will give a
seance Sunday. 8 o'clock, 635 Post st.; 5Uc.
MMX. OSMA>, SPIRITUAL TRANCK MEDI-
um; lire readings, love :iff Irs, business lnvest-
ments.minlng speculations a specially. 838 Mission
RS. MAY "STEERS, 112% OAK ST.; ClK-
cle Tuesday, 8 P. it., also ibursiay, •£ p.'ic;
readings $1.
» , RS. C J. MEYKR, CIR. TO-NIGHT. TUES.,
ii Wed. and Jri, 2 p. m.; trance cir., lion, and I
Fri. eve., 2 c: sittings dally. 826 McA lisler st.
DNA WALLACE, "THE ORIGINAL" ME-
dlum and magnetic healer. btii Market si.,
roum 10.
MR& FULTON— MATERIALIZING ANCE
to-night; 50c; sittings daily, 31 Feist.
MX. YOUNG'S TEST CIRCLE TO-NIGHT,
10c: investigators invited. 418 McAllister.
AM. FRANCIS, l.\ DEPENDENT SLaTE
. writer. 118 Halcht st.; hours 9 until 6p. it.
MRS. KLLIS, MEDIUM; SITTINGS.9 TO B, $1;
111. circles Tues., Fri.. 2p. m., 25c. 233 Valencia.
MRS, J. J. WHITNEY. CLAIRVOYANT,
trance test medium & life reader. 218 Stockton
HTFN'OTISM.
HYPNOTISM (SCIENTIFICALLY TAUGHT;
success grtd.UTpnotlcMesmericlns,6 O'Farrell
DENTISTS.
$7 FULL SET TEETH: Bfc*T MAKE;
I . kept In repair; extracting free; till in us, 60c;
crowns, $3 50. Paciilc Dental Parlors, 18 Third.
FULL SET OF TEETH, $7: WARRANTED 5 j
years; painless extraction: see our new combina-
tion plate; thinnest, lightest, coolest plate made;
warranted 10 viars fallings. 60c; crowns, S3 .0.
CHICAGO DENTAL PARLORS, 24 Sixth stree:.
R. J. J. LEEK, 1126 MARKET Sl'.; OPEN
evenings: Sundays till noon.
POSITIVELY .''AINi.KS-, EXTRACTION. DR.
X HARDING, 6OOSatter cor. Powell tei.malns37s
nHALCAXT ■& ' CUA I.FA.NT, MOVKD FROM
CHALFANT <fe l HAI.FANT, MOVED FROM
V-' 8 Mason to 119 Powell: brldgework a specialty.
COLtO.N DENTAL AS^OCIA HON. 806 -lAit-
ket st. DR. CHARLK-. W. DECKER.
(2*7 A SET FOR TKKTH-WAKRANTED A3
0 i good as can be made; filling $1 DR b I Mild,
dentist, 930 Market St.. next Baldwin heater.
PAINLESS KXTRACITON, 50c; CROWN
X bridge work a speciality: plates 95 up: 13year<
experience, R. L. WALSH, D.D.S.. 6158,^ Geary.
1 \R. LUDLUM HILU 1443 MARKKT ST, Nit
XJ Eleventh; no charge lor extracting when
plates are made: old plates made over like new;
teeth irom $8 per set: extracting 60c; gas given.
SET Or MEKiil WlTnuUi' *rit4i'A Uti.
O H. G. Young, 1841 Polk s-_
CROO.ME DENIAL ASSOCIATION. 759 MAR-
\J ket, bet. 3d and 4th: gas specialists; palnleii
extracting, with gas, *1: plates. $5 up: flu. $1 up.
DR. UKOaGiS W. LEEK. THE GENUINE
Leek dentist, discoverer of painless extraction
and patentee of Improved bridge work or'teeib
without any plate, moved from 6 to UIU 1 FarrelliC.
LT WORK REASONABLE AND WAit-
ranted. DB. J. W. KJE.T. 1123 Market 3-
CITY REAL ESTATE.
CC BEMiS,
• REAL ESTATE AND LAND AGENT,
324 MONTGOMERY BT.
FOR SALE.
Choire bulletin; lot on Army and 27th sts.; close
to electric road.
S4MJ— s n Carlo* Villa lot: 100*150 feet.
56700— 50x127:6 feet on Jacltaou s:.. overlook-
inn the 1-residio and bay.
$tSOOJ—2 modern houses of 8 rooms each at
park: .6xl-7:6 feet; electric roaa passes houses;
make oner.
88500— Elegant NW corner or Cole and Carl sts.
$300— Choice building lots north of park.
Bargain— S\V. cor. Fiftu ay. and C st. : 109x95 ft.
RY HOUSES TO LIVE IN.OR CUBA P LOTS
io build on. PATTERSON & Cu., 2 Valencia.
ANJ>!-B; R . MIX-: PROPOSITION; INVES-
ttga'ion invited. 646 Market st.
innn roR alk ok exchange.
•^/"IUUVJ. New cottage on 23d aye. East Oak-
Jan.; 6 rooms and bain: high basement; bricK
luuudauoii; Lay windows; lots-xl6O.
M"*d C 11. L.MBSEN „ CO.,
14 Montgomery st.
YEW HOUSES JUST COMPLETED: SUNNY
--' sid- of Cole St., near Waller: 8 and In rooms;
large tots, 125 feet deep; street to bo bitnminized.
Apply premises
COUNTRY REAL ESTATE.
ARDEN LAND FOR GR IN LAND
VJ prices: very cho cc for fruit, vegetable's or al-
falfa: no irrigation needed: cha p transportation
to market; we.l Improved. LAKE, room 70, 916
Market St., S. F. '
10-ACRE CHICKEN RANCH; 3 ACRES
-- creek bo:tom: 6 intervale, around a rive-
room house: bam; several chicken-houses: balance
hill: covered with timber; plenty wood and run-
ning water; lovel- shade trees; some fruit: two
miies from town; $lu00; half cash, also several
pieces, partly lmprov d, on the 10-year pian, and
4, 8 and 12-acre pieces, vacant, at 460 to SlOOper
acre. D. H. TWING, Sonoma City. ,.
SEND FOR ILLUSTRATED PAMPHLET OF
California land* for sale ov H. FRANCIS,
rooms 69-71, Chronicle bu.ldlng, san Fi-anclsco.caU
RANCH BARGAIN: $3 PER ACRE; 1280
acres timber; plenty water: excellent stock
ranch: best part of Kern Co. 8., box 20, Cull Office.
LITTLE HUMES CLOSE TO TOWN; IM-
proved; easy terms: also 4 to 12 acre pieces
on S and 1 years' credit. D. H. TWINO. So-
noma City: every Monday nt 632 Market st.. S. F.
SUBURBAN REAL ESTATE.
A LTA PUNTA TRACT: GEM OF THE BAY
- » District; 425 acres: subdivided; 3 miles north
of Berkeley 8 from Oakland: 47 minutes from
San Franc. sco; lots SOx.OJ: from $100 to *200;
installments; send lor a map. GEORGE W.
HAIGHT. 220 Sansome St.. S. V.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
I\'ANTED-PLACE IN ELMHURST IN EX-
IT change for very larze lot and modern 5 room
cottage In Lorin: i-rice $2250: no mortgase. Ap- !
ply immediate y to A. J. toNYDER & CO., 467
Ninth St.. Oakland.
©7?; TO $150 FOR CHOICE BUILDING
«Jp Icl lots In the town of ten burs;; a new sta-
tion established near Oakland, on the li ay ward 4
and Han Leaudro local line, by the Southern Pacitis
Company; only 45 minutes from -an Francisco
and 6 minute, from Oakland: electric-cars every
f.v minutes: terms to suit buyers. Apply to
C. M. hUN_L_, owner, tolsVa Wushlasto- 6 _,
Oakland «'al.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENT
■ T.AMFT>\ 1.1.At. F«=XAT^.
I OWN NICK RKSIDKNCE 1 OT, 60 FEET
front. In Milwaukee, Wis.. worth $30 per front
:oot: would like 10 exchange for same value in
A. aim-da. D. B. HANSON, 9 Ftemont su, S. F.
Q9_l A FRONT FOOT; 100x150; STREET
•IT— _fc work all done: on a main avenue. 2 blocks
irom Willow-street station. W. B. FITCH, Bay
Station, Alansecia. Pr MAN LY0N.215 Kearny
at., San Francisco.
BARG Alv— 25 ACRES CHOICE FRUIT. HAY.
train, winierv getables.s-.sHcre; b3acresrich
sol , 4 flowing spr*i.s, $35 a< re, all fenced, nr. Pleas-
anton, a lamed Ca Call, write 69 Columbian bldg.
. AKOALS>-$3O P RFOOT;LO IS ON NORTH
1 kIi1« San Antonio aye,, near Grand st.
*1 250— 50x150; .-an Jo 8 «» aye., nr. Willow st.
51750—50x150 new modern house. 5 rooms
and bath; nortn bide 01 street; in us: be sold at
otice.
iiany other sacrificec.
MEDA LAND CO..
1500 Park s-.. Alametla.
1 ■i.ltkl.l.i; 1 MOUSES.
L URNISHEI) 8-ROOM; HOUSE COMPLETE,
I bath, gas. laundry near 3 car lines. MKS. S.
J. I GALLS, 2122 Bancroft way. Berkeley.
rKOr_KTT TO EXCHANGE.
QEND FOR OUR LIST OF ORCHARD HOMES
»~ forndt... W«-O<TKH * WHFTTn - «, n J*W
PROPERTY WANTED.
"\VrANTED— RESIDENCE IN WESTERN AD-
' " dl'.lon or income property from $4000 to $15.-
-ol>o Addre-s L.. box 52, Call Office.
MONEY TO LOAN.
A LOANS ON FURNITURE OR PIANOS,
• in S. P., Oakland or Alameda. at lowest rates;
without remo\al: no <ommiesions; no delays.
J. .NOONAN, 1017 to 102 a _iusioa si, above Sixth,
telephone Jessie 41.
_»nn f\c\r\ AT 6 v. per cent on city
qpu\J\J.\J\J\J real estate; also Oakland : estates,
life insurance, second mortgages, any sum. Man-
hattan Loan Ca, 10 Mil s building, ground floor.
HIGHLY RESPECTABLE AND PRIVATE
-11 place 10 obtain the most liberal advances on
1 diamonds and Jewelry at tne very lowest rates,
Baldwin Jewelry Sture, 948 Market.
ANY AMOUNT: IST, 2D;OR 3D MORTGAGES,
estates, uudivlde.l interests, rial estate In pro-
bate; furniture and pianos without reiuova-
-cCOLUA.N, 24 Montgomery St.. room 3.
A— PKTVaTK AND RESPECTABLE. WITH
very light interest. 13 the secret of >>ur success.
cut-rate _oan Office, Flood building, »09 Market.
<U;'-?*>^ (){)U A BANK KATE-. Ist AN-
Kd _»-__». \j\j\j ad morteaees. estate*, rents, et_:
Itnd as low as $50. H. MURPHY, 628 Market st.
lUHY PAY HIGH INT. ON f-MAI.L LOANS?
"» »> mail at 65c interest per mo. on each $100
on 2d mortgagi-: any security. Gold, box 4, Call.
ON FURNITURE; VERY LOW INTEREST;
no commission. SCRIBNEK, 7 City Hall aye.
QP.00,000 ON CITY AND COUNTRY PRuP-
Uerty ; low rates. A. SCHILLER, 420 Cain. St.
1 OAN> ON RKAL ESTATE; LOWEST RATE
i ■of Interest. JAS.B.B OOKS. 214 Pine, r 58-59.
MONEY IO LOAN ON KEAL ESTATE: ANY
amount. W ILLIAMS, 214 Pine st., room 3.
ffi?.\A 15 $50,(JOO; LuWtsl' hAT_: 1M 4.-J
tgiOKJ mortgage: rla: orlnstlmnt. Dryden, 635 Cal.
ADVANCES ON DIAMONDS. JKWKi.KY.I-
Colombia Loan _ < olhiicral Office. 9 1 rant aye.
LEGAL NOTICES.
"VTOriCE TO CREDITORS— 1 STATE OFSOLE-
±> JJADUNDa H E l. RERA, alias deceased.
Notice Ib hereby given by the undersigned. A. C.
FREEsE, administrator of the estate of bOLE-
DaD UNDa HERRERa, alias deceased, to the
creditors of, and all persons having claims against
the said deceased, to exhibit them, with the neces-
sary vouchers, within four months after the first
publ cation of this notice, to the said administra-
tor, at room 35, Chro icle building, corner of
Geary a. id Kea ny 8 reets, the same being his
place for the transaction of the business of the sa d
estate in ihi- Cuy and County of San Francisco,
State of California.
A. C FREESE, Administrator of tho Estate of
BOLEDAD UEKUERa, alias deceased.
Date- at San t-rancisco, F. bruary 6. 1b97,
J. D. .-ULLIVA.N, Attorney for Administrator.
"V^OTICE TO CREDITORS— ETA IE OF F. W.
—.1 ST IN, deceased. Notice Is hereby given by
tne undersii'nad, A. C. FREKSE administrator of
the es a.c of F. W. STEIN, deceased, to the credi-
tors of and all person having claims against tne
said deceased, to exhibit them witn the necessary
vouchers, wi hin tour months alter the first publi-
cation of this notice, Li. the said administrator, at
r<>om 35, Chronicle building, corner of Geary and
Kearoy streets, the Mime being his place tor the
transaction of the business of said es:a:e In me
City and County of San Francisco, State of Cali-
fornia.
A. C FRF.ESE, administrator of the estate of F.
W. STEIN, dec-used.
Da ed at San Francisco. February 5, 1897.
J. D. SULLIVAN. Attorney for Administrator.
V7OTICK IS HEREBY GIVEN THAT THERE
i-' are fun is in the tro.isur to redeem bonus
Issued on Levee Dl-.tr. ct .0. lof 6otier 1 ounty,
Ca.. accoiding to an act of the Legislature ap-
proved April 9 1880. as follows, to wit: BonJ No.
93, $500; bond Na 92, $50U: bond No 91 .sjOO-
bo .d Na 90. $500; b nd Na 89. $500; bond >a'
88, $500; to d No. 87. $300; bond \o. 86, $500-
-btnd .so. 85, »500: bond .No 84, $500- bo d No.
83. $500: ■ Olid No. 82, *500: bond No. 74, $50^:
bond No. 73, $500: bond No. 72, $500; bond No.
71. *50J, and bond 070 $500; and that at the
expiration of thirty days Irom the date of mis
notice if said bonds are not presented . for redemp-
tion tbe interest thereon will cease, from and after
which time no Interest si.a.l be allowed on said
bonds. ' . J. COPE,
Treasurer of Suiter County, Cat.
Dated Yuba City, February 18, 1897.
LOST.
I LARGE ENVELOPE CONTAINING
' ' p-.pers, on Mi si>n st. Tnurslay evening, l-eb.
18. Please return lnimcdintely 10 MAGUIRE,
3260 seventeenth st., Del. Mission and Howard
anJ receive suitable reward.
17" X I'EKKIKK. FKMALE: WHITE SHORT
■ tan. Return 929 Post su: $10 reward.
1 OST— A GOLD BADGE. NAME BURNABY
1 < No. 194 marked on it. Finder wl I receive
re«:.r by returning S. STEPHENS; 719 -Mar et.
LOST — DARK BROWN SORREL M RK,
branded 91: repaid 10. oIOLDI CHRIS-
TEN, Sau Bruno road.
lOST.— tOX-TERRIKH HITCH; WHITE,
■I back ai.d la.i head; chain collar; reward. 25
Tenth st.
LOS.I- PASSBOOK WITH THIS HIBERNIA
savings and Loan Society of "inn Francisco in
th.'_ name of HANNAH PEN KIM, No.
2,071,523. The fiuder will please return to bank.
BRANCH OFFICE OF THE CALL. 167 NINTH
st. want ad- and subscriptions taken.
MAKRLVGi: LICENSES.
Tho following marriage licenses have baen
Issued by the County Clerk's otlice:
siiepan Knt-goand Mary C«rd eh. -2—29.
Paul Schuleaul Lizzie Be.her, .5—21.
Giuseppe Cautella and A. Morel, 28—
Emil Gull and Alma T. Olsen 2 — 22.
Jonn limn.- and Nellie M. Creeion. 31—27.
G. W. Martin an.l J. Reltrrman, 33—
G. Francescuinl and F. Martini. 33—21-
K. B. Wlndrom and E. K. Elliott, .'3-19.
John A. Oldelehr and K. Vetter, 25-21.
John \ . Baco ■ and Anna A. S'vann. 29— 2«.
BUIim— MARRIAGES — mMi
f Birth, marrlaea and death notices sent br mall
will not bo Inserted. 1 hey raus: be handed In a-,
either of the publication offices and be lndorit* I
with the name an.i resldouca of persons autnorizaJ
to have ;iio tame published. I .
BORN.
ANDP.ESEN— In Alamela. February 17, 1897.
to the wife of Captain A. Andresen, a daughter.
BRhSLIN— In this city, February 9, 1837, to the
wife of Chares Breslin. a son.
DODGfc— In this city. February 17, 1837, to the
wife of N. A. Dodge, a soil.
KLIPSTEIN— In this "city. February 18, 1897, to
itie wife of K. i-.. F. Kliputctn, a daughter.
MEYKR— February 18, 1897. to the wife of L.
Meyer, a dan^hcr.
3IAKKIED.
BRUNS— KETTENBURO-ln this city, February
14. 1897, by tbo Rev. J. M. Buehler, Heury
Bruns and Catherine Kettenburg.
Dallas- KENNIE— In this city. February 17,
1897. by the Rev. M. M. Gibson, D.D., George
Dallas and May Kennle, botn of a>an Francisco.
HUTCH r-ON— WERDE— Is Oakland. January 7.
1897, Walter Hutcuiso;i of Scotland and. Katie
T. Werdeof San Francisco. '
JOHNSON-SALLOWS— In Santa Clara, Febru-
ary 17, 1897. at the residence of the bride's
parents, by the Rev. H. B. Heacock. Joseph B.
Jouuoou and Catherine E. Sallows, both of Santa
Clara.
MOTT-HARPEK— this city, February 17,
1897, bj- the Rev. Dr. E. K. DiMe, Clifford 11.
Mott of Stockton, Cal., ana J. Gra/son Harper
of Mimas, Wash.
potter— he INS— In this city, February 17.
1897. by the Rev. J. M. Buehlor.-Penjainin Pot-
ter and Matilda Hems of San Francisco.
STROHMEIER— MEYER— Id hla city, February
15. 1837. by the Rev. J. M. Buehler. Otto Stroa-
mpieranl Km ma Mever.
I>l_l>.
Aitemm, Ellse Hieronvmus, Rev. C.
I air». John Jones. David 11.
Camano. Jose Kelly, Ellen
Charles, Mary Lanoneite, Fred .
Con-y. Rosa ia L. de Jlalioney. Deuls
Dal on. Kicnard Monet. Charles
Francis Matilda Pa mer, Charles T. H.
liichburn. Albert C W aitner, Kv_
Zacharlai, I.you
ALTF.ML"S-In this city. February 18, 1897,
Ellse, beloved wife of John Al.emus, and
mother of Mrs. Emma Hoerler and John Alte-
mus Jr., a native of Jlanov. r, Germany, aged s-
y ears 8 months and 18 days.
Si-Friends and acquaintances are reßnect-
ful.y invited toattend the funeral TO-MOKROVV
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock p. M., from the family
residence. 26 Florida street. luieri_eu: 1. O. 6.
F. Cemetery.
CAIN— In this city, February 18,1897, John Cain,
a native of Ireland, a^ed 77 years.
/WFrienda and acaualntances are respect-
fnliy invited to attend he 111 ier<*l THIS KAY
(Saturday), at 10 o'clock a. m., from the chapel
o: .-t. .Gary's Hospital, where a solemn requiem
mais will be celebrated for the repoie of his
soul, commencing at, 7:15 o'clock a. m. Inter-
men; Holy Cross Cemetery, by 10:40 o'clock
a. m. train.
CAMANO— In thU city, February 19. 1697. Jose,
beloved husband of I'.osa Camano, a native of
span, aged 41 yean.
F. or A.— • rllcers and members of Court Stan-
ford No. 27, F of A.: You are uerebv notified to
a. lend the funeral of our lat • bro.ber, Jose
Camano. To-MuRROW (Sunday), at 1:30
o'clock r m , from his late resiUen.e, IU9 Clay
street. By order of, ■
CHARLES F. McMF.NOMEY,
R. R. A em as. Secretary. Chief Hanger.
CHARLES— n "akland, February 18. 1897,
Mary, wife of the lat • Henry Char es. and
mother of Will H. Charles and Mrs. George
.W. Weaver. _U-_LI
ftyFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral service*
THIS KAY (Saturday), at 9 o'clock a. m..
a. St. Anthonys Cliurcn. East OaKia id i- 11-
-neral will leave oq the 10 o'clock a m. Doat 10
miii Francisco, interment Mount Calvary
Cemetery.
CONE In this city, February 18. 1897, Rosalia
L. de Coney, beloved wife of Alexander K.
Coney, a iiativo o: Guadalajara, Mexico, aged 62
ye: rs. - . .- .. • -. •;■,• •;
43TFrlend4 and acquaintances are resDeit-
fully invited to attend the funeral service?,
which w.li be held at the Spanisn Church of
Nuestra aenora de t.uadniupe, Broadw-y and
Mason s:re«., TO-MORROW (Sunday), at 10:30
O'clOCK A. M.
D M.TON — In this city. February 17. 1897, Rich-
ard oaltoa, a native of Irclaui, aged &_ years
and 3 1110:11113.
FRANCIS— In the City ani County nMnl>.\l, Feb-
ruary 19, 1897, Matilda Francis, aged 63 years.
HICHBURN— In this city. February 1897.
Albert C, husband of Eva R. iiichbura, and
father of Blanche and Albert F. Hic-burn. a na-
tive of Maine, aged HI years.
HIERONYMUS-February 18. 1897. at the resi-
dence of his son-in-law. J. S. Hofmeister. 809
Diamond street. Rev. Carl Hieronyrnus beloved
father of Mrs. C. Kelly and Mm. J. s. hoi-
meister. brother-in-law of Mrs. M. Klippl of
Sacramento, an l uncle of Miss Emilie Kllppel
and .>lrs. Ed H. orris, a native or Germany. ase i
75 years 9 months and 7 days, f Sacraaieii.o and
New York purer* p. ease copy.
aaa^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
ful y invited to attend "the funeral THIS DAY
(Saturday), at 3 o'clock p. _.. from the • First
(jit nun Baptist Church, corners yen e-ntUand
Dehoa street. Interment at Sacramento.
JONES— In Redwood City. February 16, 1897,
David Harrison Jon??, husband of Elizabeth ;
sou of David R. Jones. formerly of Hu bold;
County. Cai.; brother of John R. Jones. Airs.
Z. V. Dodge. Mrs. F. B. But erfleld and Mrs.
H. CooKson. a native of California, aged 39 years
1 month and 3 days. [Humboldt papers please
copy. ]
4S~Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully iavlfd to attend me funeral THIS DAY
(Saturday), at 1:80 P. M., from Plymouth Con-
grega.lon 1 Church, I'osi SLreet, near Buchanan,
Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery, by 3:30
train from Third and Town-.end streets.
KELLY— In South, sari Francisco, February 18,
1897, Ellen Kelly, a native of Ireland, aged li
years. '
LANOUETTE— In this city, February 19, 1597,
Fred, beloved lius.>an<i of Louise I anouutte,
father of Rita and Emeu Lnnouette, and so.i of
Adele arid the late Edward Lanouette, a n itive
of Canada, age- 41 yi-an 5 111011111.1 and 22 days.
MA HONEY— In Virginia City. Nev.. February
18. 1-97, Denis J., beloved husband of Julia E.
Maioaey, and father of John D. ot this city and
Kate, Denis. Thomas and Agnes Maao:iey,a na-
tive of Ban doa. County Cork, Ireland, aged 59
years.
JJES-The funeral will take place THIS DAY
(Sa urday), at o'clock a. m., from the Oak-
laud ferry upon the airiva of the overland
train. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery, San
Ma County.
MONET— In this city. February 1 9. 1897. Charles,
belovel husband of Mrs. Minnie Monet, son of
Mr. and Mr*. J. B. >lo et. aid brother of leny,
Emma. Victor and Louis Monet, a native of
Diamond Springs, El Dorado County, Cal., aged
40 years.
PALMER— In Berkeley, February 18. 1897,
Char Theodore Hart Palmer, a native of the
town of —tys.ic state f Connecticut, i.ged 70
ye. 1 mouth and 3 days. ...
JS-^Frlendi and acquaintances are resoact-
fullyinvtei to attend the funeral THIS D\Y
(Saturday) at 2 o'clock p. m. at residence, Pied-
mont, way, near Bancroft, Berke c,. Intermeut
private.
WAGNER— In this city, February 19. 18 7 Eva,
beloved wile or F. J. >\ a«iier. mother of Frankie
Wagner, dau liter of Mr.. A. W. Wehner, and
sister of Mrs F. Koch, Mrs. W. Willis and
/.dolDh Wehner, a native o San Francisco, aged
86 years 2 months and ! 8 days.
ZACHARIAS— In this city, February 18, 1897.
Lyo 11 Zacharias brother of the lat» Henry and
-torts, Joe, Isadore and Zach Zacharias. a na-
tive 1.1 .Nan el, Prussia, aged 08 years 5 months
and 4 days.
S_rFri(>n>ls and acquaintances are respect-
fuity ny ted toai en 1 me funeral To- .MORROW
(Sunday), at 10 o'clock a. it., from K'nal B'rlth
'Hail. 1 1 KdJv street, uuu»r the auspices of
Doric 1.0-ls* No. 216, F. and A. M. Interment
Hills of Eternity Cemetery. 1 1 :3i> o'clock a.m.
.train from I' I--1 ail Towns"nl tr^et* .
[VicAVOr & GALLAGHER, T
FONKRAL DIBKCTORS <_ EMBALM
20 JTUtb St., Opp. Lincoln School. ' •
Telephone 8080.
MOUNT OLIVET CEMETERY,
SAN MATJCO COUNTY; NEAREST CEM&
O tery to the city; non-sectarian in no senate*,
elusive: location unexcelled. Ottce Ml _____■
♦Ute;. kouuteaei comer v «_«*, • -—>»«»
1314
CARMEN SPEAK
THEIR MINDS
Some Scathing Resolutions
Against the Examiner
Adopted.
They Will Not Longer Suppor'
the Paper Because of Its
Policy.
A Big Mee'ing to Rejoice Over
the Defeal of Braunhart's
Bill.
WHEREAS, The San Francisco Exam
iner lias on every occasion possible
shown its hostility to tin- Street Kail
road Employe! of Sun l''ranciisco, par
ticularly in its advocacy of the Braun
hart '-i' 2 cent streetcar fare bill, be it
therefore
UEgOLVED, That we denounce the
course of the San Francisco Examiner
for the •> t mii it ha* taken against us in
our fight against this Iniquitous meas
ure. And in view of the Examiner'a
persistent effort! to create strife be
tween labor and capital, be it further
RESOLVED, '£ hat «re condemn such
methods of journalism as being detri
mental to tho Interest! of the entire
community, and we call upon all our
coworkers to discontinue their sub
scriptions to the Examiner. And be it
further
K. SOLVED, That we. the employes of
the various street-railroads within the
City and County San Francisco, hereby
deem it to our interests not to patron
ize the store* of any merchant In said
City and County whose advertisements
appear exclusively in the Kxaminer.
RKSOI.VKI), That a copy of these res
olutions be Furnished to the pres*.
W. C. COOK, 1043 Noe street,
FRANK BELL. 34 Austin avenue,
P. J. MANMX... 3205 Clay street,
G. A. GRIMES, 1504 O'Farrell street,
K. S. BABOY, 292 California avenue.
Such was the sentiment most emphatic
ally expressed last night by 700 streetcar
conductors ami gripmen.
They had come from all parts of the
City through the storm and alter their
day's work to rejoice at the defeat of the
bid for the reduction of car fares and to
denounce the Examiner as their worst
enemy.
They represented the 5000 street-railroad
employes ol trie City, tlie most numerous
single class of men at work in San Fran
cisco to-day.
Tney were assembled in Mission Parlor
Hall, in Seventeenth street, near Valencia,
not as excited sentimentaliets, but as cool,
thouzhtful, sober-minded workingnien,
and as such conducted themselves.
The strength of the feeling against the
course of the Examiner, i>nd the entire
unanimity with which it was repeatedly
expressed, left tin doubt as to the complete
contempt in which the street-railroad men
of Sau Francisco now hold t .at paper.
The meeting was presided over by W.
C. Carpenter. In a short address he ex
plained the purpose for which it was held.
But every one present knew that. So did
the others still at work on the cars and
tho~e who were too tired from their long
day's labors to brave the rough weatber
simply to add their voices to a sentiment
that all hold as one man.
The delegation had just returned from
Sacramento triumphant, it had gone up
to the State capital less than two week
before to oppose a bill that seemed almost
certain to pass because of a lack of organ
ized opposition to it.
P. J. Manning, a grlpman on fv>e Powell
"md Jackson-street system and a member
of the delegation, was one of the first
speakers of the evening.
He told of the work the delegates had
done among the Senators in showing the
petition signed by 5000 street-railroad em
ployes who would personally suffer from
a reduction of wages were carfares re
duced. He declared that with only two
exceptions the Senators who finally voted
against the bill had been convinced of its
unfairness by the statement of the case
presented by the railroad men's dele
gation. The two exceptions were Sena
tors who from principle voted against the
biil because it originated with Braunhart.
"As to the Examiner," said Mr. Man
nine, "we all know how it has treated us.
No matter what the care and caution of a
gripman, if some one has run in front of a
car and been hurt the Examiner has in
variably laid the- blame on the gripman
and has repeatedly distorted and exuber
ated the facts in order to maKe out another
case against the Vining system. No mat
ter if a hundred people have come lorward
as witnesses to prove that the accident
was beyond human power and skill to
avert, the Examiner has followed its same
course regardless of truth or justice.
"In the last ten years the Examiner
has done more than all other causes com
bined to injure the growth and prosperity
of San Francisco by continually trying to
cater to and stir up strife between labor
and capital. It has appealed to the anar
chistic elements to create a feeling of dis
satisfaction and discord, hoping in that
way to be in with the ma-ses. It has
catered to the lowest elements in society
by its policy and by its published articles.
"The Examiner has proved that it Is
not a friend of me railroad men of San
Francisco; that it is not the friend ol
labor for all its pratinps. It should not
be considered our friend and it is not.
And we can best show our feelings against
it by withdrawing our subscriptions and
by urging upon our co-workers that they
do the same."
Others spoke. There were G. A. Grimes
of Hie Sutter-street line, Fran* Bell of the
California-street line, E. li. Hardy of the
San Mateo electric line, J. C. Bawtell of
the Third and KentucKy-street tine. Chair
man W. C. Carpenter of the Fillmore
street line, W. C. Cook of Division A of
the Market-street system, who \v. s a so
I
itrw TO-DAT.
Tace
HUMORS
Pimples, blotches, blackheads, red. rough,
oily, rnothy skin, itching, scaly scalp, dry,
thin, and falling hair, and. baby blemishes
prevented by Coticuba Soap, the most
effective skin purifying and beautifying
soap in the world, as well as purest and
sweetest for toilet, bath, and nursery.
Boat <■ sold thron;hont the world. Pottie DBCO
Cum. Corp., Sole Prop... Boston, U. 8. A.
tar "How to Prerent F»ee Hnmori," mailid ft«t.
FUFRY HIIMHR FromPimple«toScroral»rnr^
bltnl nUInUil by Clticub* llijicuiat.
K3Q
chairman of the delegation to Sacramento,
and L. W. Hollingsworth of the Mission
street line.
There was mnsic by the gripmen
and conductors' band; selections on the
banjo by William Kellard of the Valencia
street line; songs by Hinei of the Mis
sion-street line, and a song by .Ralph
Marsh of the Powe.l-street line.
hen the resolutions were presented
each sentence was greeted with applause.
The following resolutions were also
adopted before the assemblage adjourned
amid creat cheering:
To the Honorable, the Member* of the. California
State Gentlemen: We, the under
signed street railroad employes, acting for
and representing 5000 street-railroad men
within the City and County of San Francisco,
respectfully submit the following resolutions
adopted at a mass-meeting of street-railrond
employes held at Mission I'nrlor Hhil oil the
evening of Friday, February 19, 18!)7:
Whereas, The measure recently under con
sideration by your honorable body, known as
the Hraunhnri bill, whereby it whs proposed
to 1 educe the rates of lures oil street railroads;
and whereas, the proposed reduction would
necessarily entail a redaction In our wages,
as well as drive out of existence some of the
competing lines; and wuereas, there »as no
demand on the part of the general public for
such reduction oi ihTls; thereiore, be it unani
mously
Revolved, That we, the street railway em
ployee of the City end County of San Fran
cisco, do tender our sincere ana hearty thanks I
to th -■ members of the Legislature whoso
nobly defended our rights. And be it furthe
8 olved, That we Khali noi be unmindful of
the attitude of tnose distinguished Senators
when the time comes to seek our suffrage,
irrespective of party politics And be it further
Regnlxed. That wj denounce Senator Braun
hart and his proposed legislation as Inimical
to in,. Interests of the entire community. Be it
further
Retolved, That an engrossed copy of these
San Francisco, Feb. 19, 1897.
To his Excellency Grover Cleveland, Presi-
dent of the United States, Washington, D. C:
The power you have exercised for the labor-
ers is requested on behalf of Italian and
other immigrants unable to read and write.
The Italians are sturdy, hardworking, enter-
prising producers and consumers, and non-
occupants of penitentiaries, though some are
illiterate. I state this after over forty
years of experience among them in this coun-
try. They invest in realty and their chil-
dren go to public schools and help in build-
ing up our country. Americans should not
exclude from this land of freedom the com-
patriots of Columbus.
resolutions be forwarded to each Tnenibor of
tne Senate a:i<l al>o to t!ie press of pan Fran
clsco.
W. C. Cook, 1043 Noe street.
Ki'.ank BELL, 34 Austin avenue.
P. .'. Mannin... 3205 Clay street.
<.. A. Grimes, 1504 O'Farrell street.
E & Uai:!iY. 'J'.l'J ( alilorma avenue.
Committee on Resolutions.
PETE MAY BE AVENGED
His Nephew Supposed to B?
Quarantined on the
China.
Chung Y.ung Hue Is His Nam \ and
He Is a Member of Pete's
Local Firm.
The murderers of Little Pete, the Chi
nese gamMer, merchant and power in the
Chinese worid of ban Francisco, are not |
to go unavenged if the relatives of the
dead man can help it, r.nd it 's bel.eved
that the hour or retribution is near.
fcince the steamer China arrived on
Thursday evening with forty-nine Chi
nese in ncr steerage, members of the i^.-ini
Yup Company, to which Pete belonged,
and of the See Yap Company, which is
popularly believed to have instigated the
killing, have been watching eagerly for
her passengers to come ashore that they
may search for a face dreaded by one and
welcomed by toe other.
From the fact that nothing, not even n
passenger-list, has been allowed to leave
the vessel, because of the smallpox on
board, the members of both societies are
on the anxious seat, and will be until the
ship's papers are thoroughly fumigateu.
'J he much - looked - lor passenger is
Chung Yeans: Hue, a nephew of the mur
dereU man, who is. understood to be on
board. Jie may have misled connections
with the Chini ai Hongkong, but it is
confidently believed that he is on boam
ami that once ashore he will , ive the nig
nal that will start the highbinders on the
trail of prominent Bee Yaps.
ChuiiK Yeung Hue is a remarkably blight
young Chinese, vmio in facial characteris
tics, as well as intellectual capacity, much
resembles hi* late lamented relative. He
is a member of Heinit: Yuen ( fc Co.. the
firm of which Little Pete was me head,
and was trusted oy tne «le:td man with
many important transactions for the
house.
In July last, when the troubles between
the See Yup and Sam Yup societies began
to develop into a vendetta, the nephew
was sent by I'eie to China on an import
ant mission connected with tbe mutter,
which, if successful, was expected to re
suit in the complete discomfiture ol the
See Yups. He ieft San Franc. sou in the
ino.ith mentioned, ami wa- in Hongko:iE
when the news ol Pete's murder was
cabled to the relatives in Cnina by mem
bers uf Heunjr Yuen it Co.
He was asfceu to hurry to America to
assist in ferreting cm aii'l punishing the
slayers of his ancle. I'liis means, to tne
Chinese mind, that it he is as "nervy" a
man as tiie one who died by an assassin's
bullet, a chair in the See Y'up council
will be vacant as soon as some highbinder
can waylay the victim.
Little Pete died in the barber's chair on
January 24. and allowing two days for the
cablegram tn reach Chunc Y'eung Hue, he
would still hiive time to catch the China
before sli» .'ailed on January 26 for this
port via Yokohama.
Chung Y'eung Hue ia a native-born Chi
nese, has merchant's papers and will he
able to land without difficulty when the
short period of quarantine is over. He
spealts English remarkably we.i and is
said to be as unscrupulous and daring as
his deceased uncle was i n his lifetime.
The Chinese merchants believe lhat he
will at once increase the reward offered
by Little Pete's widow for the ajrem and
conviction of the murderers, and that the
notice of reward will require a more sum
mary method ot vengeance.
Our Bright Contemporary.
Town Talk's contents tins week comprise
the customary amount of neatly told stones,
entertaining gossip, clever summaries of the
week's event* in musical, social, political and
oiner circles aud the orient cliaracii-nstio in
general that have placed this prOfreaiTfl
journal in the foremost rank oi weekly publi
cations. Full parlii Mars art given oi the
lorthcoming society production of <% Cahte''at
the ('alliornia Theater and other approaching
social events outlined. •
The flesh of ttie forequarters of the
beaver Las something oi the flavor of
beef, while that of the Hindquarters has a
tisny taste.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 20, 1897.
FUGAZI WIRES
THE PRESIDENT
A Plea That Italians Be
Allowed to Come to
America.
Opposition to the Proposed Law
to Exclude All Who Are
I i iterate.
Secretary Carlisle and Biron Fava
on Some Phases ot Immi
gration.
J. F. Fugazi, the well-known Italian
banker, is opposed to the proposed law to
exclude illiterate foreigners from the
United States. He yesterday sent Presi
dent Cleveland a telegram on the subject.
It is interesting in connection with tin
subject of Italian immigration to note the
faci that Herman Siutnp, Commisaioner-
Oeneral of Immigration, has lately re
ported to .Secretary Carlisle that the
Italians and Europeans in general are
comply. ng quhe strictly with American
law?. Jlesays:
'From general observations in Europe I
am satislied that the knowledge that our
laws have been enforced will prevent in
future the migration of the prohibited
classes."
Leiler* from Baron Fava and the Mar
quis ih Eladlni snow that tne Italians are
anxiou- to comply with our law.-,. The
rovdl Ministry cf Italy, however, bat
claimed fora long time that "there is too
much vagueness and indetinitcness in
that portion of the American law whicn
provides for the resnipment to the port
whence they sitiled ot persons who have
been convicted of capital" crimes or of any
other infamous crimes, or ol offenses im
plying moral turpitude, and desires tv ob
tain from the Treasury Department data
and information showin^; with accuracy
v.hat sentences pronounced in Italy upon
subjects of the kingdom .-re of n nature to
create an obstacle to their landing in the
U'lited States, and consequently to justify
a refusal of a passport in Italy to such
persons."
< onunenting on the foregoing corre
spondence, (Secretary Carlisle recently
said, in a communication to the Commis
sioner of Immigration:
"From the a.~-uranies contained in thia
letter 1 am sat.siied that this friendly
Government does not intend to permit its
subjects to violate our laws, and desires at
the same lime, by the refusal of passports
to such as ar^ liable to be rejected and de
ported, to prevent them from embarking
upon a fruitless voyaee. I deem this mat
ter of sufficient importance to direct you
to prcceed to Italy and furnisu in person
this iniormation.
There is just now, therefore, more inter
est in foreign immigration than there has
been for many years. Tiie telegram ol
Mr. Fu«azi shows that the Italian-, do not
want to be chut off from coming to this
country, save fur crave causes.
GRAND OPERA WILL COME
San Francisco plutocracy and fashion
hay- determined to have a season of
grand opera, even at the risk of pecuniary
loss.
Thirty men, all of them prominent and
well to do, have signed their names as
guarantors that the company, with its
contingent expenses of $40,000, will no
loie a cent, an i the scheme 13 completed.
Those who will stand as guarantors are:
11. T. Scott ■ Oeocm W. I'rrscott
w. Ma o .sewhall W. F. Uliit'i.r
K. W. Hopkins J. J_ Khii. (,<)!■■
P. N. I,ili«-nr!ml ... \V. \ear
William \,vord John 1). sprtckels
J.oiiU Hois Jr. «.. a. Pope
Jim y . I. Crocker D. T Jiurpby
A. ll<irfl Thi'in«B H. iiishop
W. K. lir.iwn * l.arlcs K. < rocker
1.. O» Iluls Bnasrll J. Wilson
J. I •.Omni Timothy Hopkins
James J). Ph»lan K. A. l>ruguiero
.10.-.ph C.ark Joseph A. Donahue
I. W. Hull man J. 08. Gunu
l'etcr Donahue J. C. Kirkpatrick
Tlie company will open its season in the
California Theater on Wednesday, March
10, and will present. "Faust." Friday even
ing "Dragons de Viliar.-" will be presented,
and will uo followed by "Cavalleria Hus
ticana" Saturday evening and "La Navar
raise" Sunday evening. The following
week "Africuinc," "Carmen," "Mienon"
and the "Fille dv Regiment" will be pre
sented.'
The programme for the remainder of
the season has not as yet been deter
mined. The repertoire of the company is
very large, constituting thirty-two operas,
operas comiquo and operetta!), and prior
to the arrival of the singers the entire
programme will have been completed.
McDonald MUsiug.
Daniel J. McDonald, a bookkeeper re
cently employed by A. & A. Baker of
Hayes street, has mysteriously disap
peared, and bis wile, who but a few days
ago became a mother, and his relatives
are much worried about him.
McDonald eft his residence at 5 Olive
avenue Thursday morning, ostensibly to
go to work for the Makers, where ue had
obtained employment but the day previ
ous. That is ttie last that is known of
him, and there is nothing in his condi
tion or affairs of which his friends are
aware which furnishes a clew to his ab
sence.
Brikks and transcripts printed reasonably;
rapid and reliable. M.vsell-iiollius, 2'Z Clay. •
CHARITY FOR LITTLE CHILDREN IS THEIR PLEA.
In the comedy of "Caste," to be presented at the California Theater on MarcQ
1, Miss Leila Burton will play tie part of a charming but strugging young actress,
who is loved and won by a military ollicer of high social rank.
The incidents and complications resulting from the union of two distinct social
elements give the play its name. It is the old story of love that disregards
imaginary obstacles set up by a class that is conscious and proud of its sulf
asserted superiority.
Miss Burton is a daughter of Colonel George H. Burton, inspector-general oF
the I'.:citic Division, U.S.A. But except for such initial preference as she may
feel toward a representative ol her father's profession she will have assumed tbe
character of Esti er Ecdea unaided by any preliminary advantage that would
have come from experience on tne stage. This will be her tirsi apj.earance before
ihe footlights. A pretty face, an easy manner, some experience in elocution and
careful study and rehearsal of the part, may be expected to tit her well for the
character of the f;*<cinating girl, who, while helping to support an unworthy
parent, is won and married by the son of a proud woman, and subsequently suffers
much before her Dusband, retorted iiead, return* from military service in India,
just ns his mother has become reconciled to the actress wife.
For four weeks now tho-e who are in the cast have been rehearsing nightly,
either at the Standard Theater or at the old Buah-atreet, under the careful direc
tion oi Leo Cooper.
All the others that are to take part have had some experience in amateur
theatrical.-; on both sid** of the bay, and with a^reeabie results.
Tickets for the coming entertainment will be sola by representatives of
different charitable societies, and on|Saturday forenoon, February l' 7, Miss Fanny
Kice will sell the boxes by auction.
The funds will ie contributed partly to tbe Children's Hospital and partly to
the Armitage Church Orphanage, now entering new City quarters at the corner of
Folsom and Second streets.
Y. M. I. ARRANGEMENTS.
Notable Programme for the Ait
ernoon Ex 3 rc:ses at Metrc
pjhtan lemple.
Mechanics' Pavilicn Being Put in Ko •
iday Attire (or the Grand
Ball.
The final meeting of the general com
mittee of the Young Men's Institute hav
ing in charge tue arrang- rnents lot tbe
celebration on Washington's birthday
was held last eveninp. Tie arrangements
are complete for a grand entertainment.
Reports were received from the printing
committee, '.he committee on concessions,
committee on "talent" ;md the press com
mittee, allof whicn were Jtccepted.
Following is the programme of exercises
to be held at Metropolitan Temple during
the afternoon, be^inninc at 2 o'colck:
Overture, (irennan'sorc-hestrtt; Introductory
remarks. Chairman K. 15. Tlioinns; address by
president ol the day, Co onel James K. s>rnitn;
soprano so'.o, M.ss May Cooku; iciitatlon (se
lected). Lander* Stevens; selections by orches
im; oration, .lohn J. Barrett; ifiinr solo,
William J. O'Brieu; reoitatie™ (patriotic), Nfiss
Lottie Dwyer; bnss solo, John A.. HcAullffe;
"Red, \\ liite a. id lilue," audience; selections,
orchestra.
Tbe list of vice-president? of the day
who are expected to occupy places on the
stage includes the president and all the
past presidents, prominent members of
the clergy and honorary members of the
organization. Tbey are as follow-;:
Presidents and past presidents— S. R.
OKeefe. K. V. .-ullivmi, Robert Tobin, >!.
U StiHiighm-ssy, I\ (_'. Kretz, M. C. Hasseu.
Joseph E. o'Doiinell, M. K. Kmg, J.
W. Butterworth, J. P. Brady, M. .1 < on.iertou,
J. E Kenny. K. J. OKcmrke', W. H. Power", .1.
K. Hichur.ls Jr., T. B. Siovin, J. P. Henry,
L Warren, A. Anmer, .1. J. l)egan,
W. ]'. Johnfton, Willmm 1. We.cli. J. F.
Callaghiwi, James P. Doekery, .1. J. Green,
T. N. Bra.ly, J. J. Brady, K. J. Unlla
frher, J. K. Britt, J. W. Sh.inahaii, M. F.
Silk, diaries McAuiifle. Fred F. Dunne,
J. M. i.nrroche, C. Cuininhigs, J. 11. Honre,
John Kcganf I>r \\. J. Hawkins, 1". .1.
i)rispoll, J. K. O'Brien, W. f. Deianey, J. K.
H.iukins. T. I. O'Brien. P. J. Wnrd, J. J. Shee
han. It. A. Miller, W. F. Amoro«e, J. J. Jordan,
Charles K. Ht-aley, C. V. Carroll. P. J.
Uarney, Neil Henry, T. E. Trescey, J. C.
lfaly, J. F. Sullivan, J. T. (treaney, D. I.
Mahoner, J. N. Falion, <i. W. PaterHuu, W. F.
Staffora, James F. Ttviin, P. .1. hauler,
Sam Haskin*. T. \V. Doyle, S. J. Kudeii,
W. J. Ahem, D. J. O'Callaghnn. D. V.
Shea, Dr. T. N. Morris, I>. J. Shecnan,
J. b. Ilaffeu, J. P. Foley, F. J. Barry, A.
Bchmttt, .». V. Andle'r, M. C. Haley,
K. Kilduff, J. p. Herlihy. J. K. "ial-
Ingh.r, M. J. Hurley. I. J. Conn. K. I>.
Sullivan, James t.i.-iskin, T. s. uronin,
P. J. O'Uoiinell, 11. (J. Leifinann, Junes
Kingston, John BSejr, K. K. Fazßtk
eriy. J)r. J. p. McCarthy, E. .1. CcfiVy,
N. J. Hocy, A. PHcoviCh. A. J. Dowdall.
(irand officers and past grand officers — J. J.
McDade. J. F. Smith, F. J. Mura.sky. F. J.
Kierce, John Lynch. E. 1. isheehan, Richard
O'Connor. D. W. Erwin. F. J. Kane, L. L.
James. W. J). Snea, D. J. O'U-ary, Dr. John
Qallwey, F. r. siiea, J. C. O'Connor, Rev. c. E.
O'Neill, Dr. J. ( Morrfss«y, John ODonnell, J.
J. Glide*, (ieoree A. Stunley, ''harles Healy,
T. B. McGinn is, J. J. O'Brien, Dr. D. F. Rafjah,
Jamea C. O'DonnelL
Clercy— &or. I. J. Cummins, Rev. J. E. Cot
tie, Rev. J. G. Conlan, Rev. James F. Flood,
Rev. Joseph If. <;ie«son. Rev. J. M. McDonald,
Etev. I. .■-. Casey, Rtv. P. O'Conne.l, Rev. Jonn
Brennan, Rev P. E. Mulligan, Rev. P. Foley,
Rev. M. OMs, Rev M. P. Ryan, Rev. H. H. Wy
man. Rev. P. c. Yorke.
Honorary members — James M Ward. Joseph
A. Ke.ly, B. C. Cliucu. P. M. King, James R.
; Keliy, latrick Mc(iee. P. K. MeCartny, D. E.
Ryan, R. J. ToM:i, J. J. Tnbin, F. X Weiisinger,
T. J. Welch, 11. K. White, E. Wulsti, Daniel
Sheerin.
The othnrs— Dr. Geone W« Woods, J. R.
Whitaker, Rev. Father Dveon (Si. Dominic's),
Rev. Father Ferguson, Rev. Father Ramm,
Rev. Father O'Ryan.
The ball in the evening, to be held at
Mechanics' Pavilion, has also been com
pletely arranged for. The floor manager
is Jame- P. Folev, and his assistants are
Mai K. Suk, T. P. O'Brien and Dr. C. A.
Glover.
The grand niarcli will commence at 8:45.
SOMERS HELD UP NOLAN
The Latter's Wife and Albert
"Wieiand, in the Party,
Intimidaed
It Is Another 0 d Score in Connection
With the Treadwell Estate
bquabblt \
Caivin F. Somera nas been arrested by
Detective Charles J. Cody on a charge of
exhibiting a deadly wfiipon.
The prisoner produced $200 bail money
and was immediately released from cus
tody yesterday afternoon.
Ttie arrest is only another feature of th«
protracted criminal ami civil controversy
waged between Somers ami the Tread wells.
Somers is a brother of the late Mrs. Ma
bel TreadweH, who left an estate valued
at many millions of dollars, and he has
been in lecal controversy with the heirs
for some years.
The children of Mrs. Treadwell are the
wards of ex-Sheriff Bollinger of Santa
Clara County, in whose home they have
resioed lor a long while.
Somers brought suit some days ago
against the estate lor an accounting in a
matter amounting to $ 14 .000 and it was
necessary to serve papers on Mrs. J. F.
Nolan (formerly Maude Treadweii) to ap
pear before Commissioner Mohn of this
City *.o eive her deposition.
He therefore went to San Jose and hear
inji that Mrs. Nolan and her husband
were out drivinc followed them until a
rneptinp was had on the roadway.
Mr. Nolan was dnvine and his wife sat
in the rear seat of the vehicle with Albert
Wieland. the son of the late John Wie
land, brewer.
Soraer3, so says Detective Cody, at
tempted to serve the papers by driving His
horse across the road so as to prevent the
party from escaping.
"When this occurred," explained Cody,
"Aloert Wieland stepped out and took
S. mers 1 horse by the bridle. Somers
then leveled a pistol at the entire party
and insisted upon their remaining quiet
until he could serve the papers.
"It is on account of this that Joseph
Nolan, the husband of the lady, lias
sworn out a warrant for Somers' arrest.
'•Soruers has deposited bail and will re
turn to Giiroy for trial before Justice
Howard Willev, who issued the warrant."
CEULLTY CHARGED.
Mm. Gracf Hamiltnii 1>11» Bad Storien
•in Her Hu«l»an<l Walter.
Mrs. Grace Hamilton told a terrible tale
of cruelty against ber husband, Walter J.
Hamilton, in Judge Seawell's court yes
terday.
Mrs. Hamilton swore that she was com
pelled to leave him because be frequently
struck her. compelled her to steep in the
clothes closet, broke the dishes, threw the
food out the window, cursed and abused
her, and swore that he would not keep
their baby at home, but would put it in
an institution. She said he refused to
give her sufficient money 10 buy food for
herself and their chiM ; that he would not
even allow her to buy a spool oi thread
witnout making a fuss and asking what
became of that other spool of thread ihat
she hud Jast week.
On cross-examination Mrs. Hamilton
admitted that she was out until 2 o'clock
one morning at a dance. She went with
her mother and returned with her mother
with her husband's consent. He made
no objection until afterward.
Further testimony will be heard next
Tuesday morning.
Jewelry store. 6 and 7 Third street, removed to
'Mo Kearny s.rceu
A CONSPIRACY
AMONG OFFICIALS
The Grand Jury Is Con
vinced by Evidence
in Hand.
Uncertain Whether There Is
Law Enough to Cover
the Case.
May Find an Indictment Next Week
in the City and County
Hospital Fraud,
After weeks of careful and thorough in
vestigation the Grand Jury has been con
vinced — that is to say is now convinced —
that between members of the late Board of
Supervisors and certain late officials of the
City and County Hospital and certain
contractors there was a conspiracy by
which the City was robbed of several
thousand? of dollars.
All yesterday afternoon was civen up to
a discussion of this matter, the jury being
in consultation with the District Attor
ney. No conclusion was arrived at — at
leas*, no action was taken. The jury will
pursue the matter further— to its ultimate
limitations, it is altogether within the
line of probability that an indictment
may be found at the next session, on
Tuesday of next week.
The sum of $10,000 was appropriated by
the last Board of Supervisors for certain
improvements at the City and County
Hospital. Under the law public work to
cost above $500 must be let by contract.
Work for sums less than this may be
tiven without contract. The $10,000 was
expended in small sums in this way /or
the carryiug on of work that when fin
ished cost much above the $500 limit.
Out of all this and much testimony be
sides showing that the most flagrant
frauds had been committed under this
loose system, mismeasurements of worK —
that is, in tne bills — and excessive charges
for time and materials, ihe jury is con
vinced tiiat there has been a complete
understanding in this matter, and is de
termintii, it it o;in rind a law under which
it may be done, to indict one or more of
the persons against whom the evidence is
most certainly directed.
Another matter that was especially un
der consideration yesterday was the evi
dence taken during tue la-t two or three
sitting-, which pe<?ms to implicate ex-Su
perintendent Stable particularly. That
was regarding the appropriation" of car
pets and furniture of the hospital to his
own u>p.
The Grand Jury is uncertain in this
ca-e, as in tne others, as to whether there
i? a law covering the matter— whether the
acts of the superintendent consume a
felony, a misdemeanor or malfeasance in
ottice. Members of the jury complain that
they are constantly met with thi3 matter
oi ineffective laws. Superintendent Stahle
hr\a offerea to make restitution of what
ever sum the jury deem him to have
misappropriated, and this is deemed, in
the language of P^oreman Peixotto, "an
extenuating circumstance."
Every hare on a farm costs or wastes an
nually 4 shillings ana H pence; every rab
bit 1 shillings.
XEW TO-PAT.
|Q Now Is
fytYoiir Time.
'-^f|g^ SPECIAL SALE
OurCuatomeri. FOR ONE W EEKi
Trusses - - ■ 75c
We Guarantee a Perfect Fit.
Elastic Stockings - - $1.50
Electric Belts - $1.50 to $20.00
The $:!(> Belt Guaranteed Equal to the Belt
Unit is sold by others for 50.
Obesity Belts - $2.00
Crutches - $1.75
FREE COiDLTATION.
Our physician will give free con-
sultation and diagnosis daily.
NO-PERCENTAGE PHARMACY
833 IVlnrlsct Street,
South Side, bet. Fifth and sixth.
I L . ;ti jI /I
"Being a travelling man, and com-
pelled to drink all kinds of water and
eat all kinds of food, I find
the best aid to digestion I have ever
tried/
KEW TO-DAT.
S p ECIAL
CLOSING-OUT
SALE
OF
MACKINTOSHES
AND
UMBRELLAS!
TO MAKE A CLEAN SWEEP
of the entire balance of our stock
of Mackintoshes and Umbrellas
they are offered TO-DAY at the
following
Profliiifiisj|flnctioDs!
At $2.00.
CHILDREN'S MACKINTOSHES in navy
blue and mixed colors, value $3, will
be closed out at $2 each.
At "s3^so. -V
LADIES 1 MACKINTOSHES in navy and /
black, two capes, value $5, will be
closed out at $3 50 each.
At ~ss^oo.
LADIES' MACKINTOSHES, in one cap*,
value $750, will be closed out at $5
each. ,
At $6.50.
LADIES' MACKINTOSHES, in two
capes, in navy and black, value $9,
will be closed out at $6 50 each.
At "sB^so.
TAN MACKINTOSHES, in two capes,
velvet collar, plaid lining, value $12 50,
will be closed out at $8 50 each.
At $10.00.
LADIES' MACKINTOSHES, in one cape,
extra quality and linish, in navy and
back, value $15, will be closed out at
$10 each.
UMBRELLAS!
At $1.75.
LADIES' UMBRELLAS, in handsome
Dresden handles, English Gloria Silk,
value $3. $3 50 and $4, will be closed
out at $1 75 eacn.
Store Open Tliis Evening Until 10 o'clock.
leif Murphy Building, J
Market anil Jones Stes.
♦•♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦•♦♦♦♦♦♦•♦♦ -
»♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦ o»»»»»»»»+»»»+» *
I Dr. Martin's I
♦ ♦
I Pain Curer !
♦ ♦
♦ Is Hot Stuff, |
♦ ♦
j ♦ But Will Not Blister or Barn. T
Z +
9 For internal use, dilated with water, it *
♦ is an agreeable medicine to take . . . . ♦
£ 25c, 50c and 81 Per Bottle. £
; % All druggists sell It 2
DR.MCMLTYT
T*"S well-known AND rkliable OLJj
X Spedalteteurei I'rivatP.Nervous.BloodarxiSkin
iJiseases of Men only. Manly Power restored. Over
-oyears experience. Send for Book. free. Patients
cured at Home. Terms reasonable. Hours. 9to 3
flailv;fi : toB.3oeV s. Sunday*. 10 to 12. Consulu-
uonlree and sacredly confidential. Call of address
P. ROSCOE McSFITT, M. D.,
26^ X rainy Street, Nan Francisco. Cml.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
KEARNY AND WABHISOTON BTS.— R»,
modeled and renovated. KINO, WARD CXI
European plan. Kooms 50c to *1 50 per day, *j
to 9a per week. $8 to $30 per mania: tree baths-
hot and cold water every room: tin Krai** 14
•very room: elevator runs ail u teat.