VOLUME LXXXI.-NO. 81.
MOSLEM HORDE MASSACRED
Inhabitants of Sitia Put
to Death by Cretan
Insurgents.
TWO THOUSAND LIVES
ARE TAKEN.
Only Twenty-Eight Mohanrmedan
Eesidents of the Town
Escape.
EEIGN OF TERROR THROUGHOUT
CRETE.
* Reports of Bloodshed Ccme From
' Other Towns Captured by the
I ivaders.
VIENNA, Aistria, Feb. 18.— The Neve
Freie Prfsse says that 12000 Moslems have
been massacred at Sitia, a town in Crete.
Of all the Mohammedan residents of the
place only twenty-eight escaped. The
paper adds that toe Greek forces are sur-
rounding most of the village* on the
island. The foregoing is officially au
nounced in Constantinople, where the in
telligence has crrated much excitement.
ATHENS, Grf.f.ce, Feb. is. — It was ru
mored here to-n:;_ht that Greek troops
had occupied the town of Sitia, but up to
a late hour no confirmation could be ob
tained.
WOMBX A>l> < HILURE> SL,Aiy.
yone Spared by the. Jnnurgents in the
Sitia Massacre.
CANEA, Crete, Feb. 18.— Rumors of a
wholesale massacre of Mussulmans at
Sitia have reached here, some of the re
' ports placing the number killed at 2000,
. which includes almost the entire Moslem
population of the town. It is »aid that
men, women and children were killed in
discriminately by the Chiisttans. It is
impossible at present to confirm the re
ports, but the rumors have created the
. deepest anxiety here. GeDera: Bor, who is
in command of the gendarmerie at Canea,
has sent two officers of the gendarmerie at I
Sitia in a gunboat to inquire into tne ■
troth or JaJsity of the reports. 1
The fort at Voucoulis, which is garri-
Eonea by 500 Turkish troops, has been be
sieged for several days by a iar»e force of '
well-armed insurgents. Yesterday the ;
commander of the besieging forces called
upon the Turkish commander to sur
render and promised safe conduct to any
of the garrison who chose to accept it.
The Turks refused to surrender on any
terms. It is stated that the garrison has
provisions enough to last for twenty days
and a plentiful -upply of ammunition.
It is reported that Greek troops started
to-day for Voucuulis to aid the insurgents
• in the capture of the place.
IX *CJ,L POSSE»BIOX.
Greece, Consider* the Acquitition of
Crete Accomplished.
ATHENS, Greece, Feb. 18.— The non- I
TURKISH TROOPS DESECRATING A CHURCH AT GALATA,
Outrages of this character have marked the rule of the bultan in his dependent provinces and were the primary causes
of the Cretan insurrection. Ibis ill übira Lion is reproduced from the London Isews.
The San Francisco Call
concurrence of the powers in Greece's
action in Crete does not appear to have
had the deterrent effect that was antici
pated, and Greece is going ahead as
though she had the full consent of the
powers to her annexation of the island.
Colonel Va-sos. the aid-de-camp of the
Kinsr, who is in command of the Greek
troops in Crete, is already forming a local
administration in the name of the King
of the Hellenes. He is making prepara
tions for tJie holding of municipal elec
tions, and he will install Mayors in all the
towns and villages that are not occupied
by the forces of the foreign powers.
It is stated that Prince Nicholas, the
third son of King George, will not go with
the troops to the Theasalian frontier, as it
was stated yesterday he would, but that
he will join the forces in Crete.
All the Greek consulates in the island
have lowered their flags, it being consid
ered by the Consuls that as Crete is now
Greek territory their duties have ended.
It is stated here to-night that the war
ship Hydra, which was conveying provi
sions to the Greek*, was stopped by Brit
ish and Italian torpedo-boats.
a k 1. 1 <t. jt&MAjy.s fir at.
Cabinet Iteddet to Jv r «i,it in Its Cretan
Policy.
LONDON, Eng , Feb. 18.— The Athens
correspondent of the Standard telegraphs
that the Greek Cabinet held a meeting to
day, and after a full discussion of the
Cretan question decided to persist in the
policy regarding the island that it h,ad be
fore agreed upon.
A dispatch from Moscow to the Stan
dard says that in tt» event of certain con
tingencies in the East, Russia will be ac
tively supported by Germany and Austria.
It has already been arranged, the dispatch
adds, for German troops to go south
through Russian territory to co-operate
with the forces mobilized in the Kieff
di>trict. The German contingent would
consist of two regiments of infantry. The
provisional date for the taking of decisive
measures was fixed ior February 20. but
the execution of the measures now de
pends upon the settlement that is made
ol the Cretan question.
All the reports received here concur in
the opinion that the proposal made by
Germany, that the ereat powers blockade
the Piraeus in order to compel Greece to
heed the representations made to her con
cerning her action in Crete, is not likely
to be adopted, owing to the opposition of
Great britain and Italy.
The Chronicle to-morrow will make
a splurge over a communication from its
special correspondent, Henry Norman,
who is now in Athens, and who will be
remembered as the representative of that
paper at Washington during the Vene
zuelan dispute. Mr. Norman sets forth at
length the Greek view of the situation,
ami his communication amounts to a dc
feßH -i tLe action taken by Greece. He
says that after the powers in April last
compelled the Sultan to grant reforms in
Crete the Sultan ordered that the Cretan
Diet should not be permitted to meet.
During the coronation festival in Rus
?ia King George telegraphed to his son,
Prince George, who was representing him
at the coronation, asking him to bee the
Czar 'For God's sake make the Sultan
permit the meeting of the Diet or we will
have a revolution." The Czar telegraphed
to Constantinople requesting the Sultan
to permit the Diet to meet, whereupon the
Sultan complied, but the Cretan Mussul
mans were informed that if the Diet did
meet their cause would be lost.
Then began-the Musselman outrages in
Crete. Mr. Norman details the money
and other sacrifices made by the King and
Government in behalf of the Creians for
SAN FRANCISCO, FRIDAY MORNIXG, FEBRUARY 19, 1897.
Champion Corbett, Standing in Srow Eight Inches Deep, Views th> Erection of a Handball Court and Gives
Instructions at His Training Quarters Near Carson.
the purpose of showing that they were
j driven to act to avert disaster.
Continuing, he says that Greece refused
to be coerced. Colonel Vassos has been
ordered not to ret re unless tie powers
lire on him, when he must retire inland
without replying to the tire. He is, how
ever, to resist the Turkish troops. He
adds that several thousand armed volun
teers are ready to enter Macedonia as soon
as the order is given.
The Chronicle telegraphed to Mr. Glad
stone, who is sow in the south of France,
a? icing him his opinion of the pro
posal that the powers should block the
Pirseus. In reply Mr. Gladstone tele
graphs:
"I detest the whole idea of using force
in behalf of Turkey, which has become an
outlaw."
King George has telegraphed to the
Cretan committee in London thanking it
for the support it has given him. In his
dispatch the King says:
"I am doing my best to protect the
Greek population who have been suffering
and righting since 1821 to obtain their
liberty and union with Greece."
The correspondent of the Times at
Canea telegraphs that the insurgents have
intimated to the Consuls their intention
to attack Halepa immediately. The
Times dispatches appear to place the re
port of a massacre at Sarakimos beyond
SPORTS ENCOUNTER A COLD WAVE.
doubt. The victims included twenty
women and sixty-one children. No men
tion is madejof the killiuga in adjacent
villages, which are alleged to have taken
place.
HEIGX Oh' HLOODHREn.
■Reports of JUa**nrrc« R'crired From the
/• /.i H■' I Hinge*.
CANEA, Crete. Feb. 18.— Many refugees
are arriving here from ail parts of the
island. Many of them are Moslems who
have tle.i ■ ther homos fearing the
vengeaniw of the Cretan insurgents and
their allies— the Greek soldiers. They all
have stories to tell of the dangers from
which they have escaped, and declare
that the life ol a Moslem is not safe with
out the limits of the cities.
A large number of Musselmans arrived
to-day on board of a Turkish transport.
They affirm that the Christians have
killed 100 Moslems at Serakimos and 100
more in the villages adjacent to that place.
The commanders of the British, French
and Rusvian squairons have left Canea in
their fhieship-. The British commander
poes to Sitia, the French commander to
Heraklion and the Russian to Retimo.
TVJtKJSH fOHCtS JSMJtAItKS.
Prince George's fleet mil Attempt to
f*rive It Itnr.lc,
ATHENS, Greece, Feb. 18.— is as
serted here that a Turkish force embarked
at Constantinople to-day and sailed for
Crete. It will not be permitted to land,
for Greece is firmly determined to enforce
her decree, ordering the torpedo flotilla
to prevent the debarkation of Turkish re
enforcements on the island. It is stated
that the commanders of the foreign squad
rons in Cretan waters have induced
Colonel Vassos not to bombard the town
of Halepa, which he was preparing to do.
The situation on the frontier of Greece
is very threatening and it would not be
surprising to bear of actual hostilities
there at any time. All the available Turk
ish troops are being concentrated on the
frontier and in the present temper of the
troops a very slight incident might bring
about a serious collision. .
UTOJtES VOR THE OL\IUPIjI.
."•nil/ Department Frrparlna for Trouble
in thn J-ar Kant.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Feb. 18.— The
Navy Department to-day issued orders
for the shipment of a large quantity of
ammunition, etc., from the naval maga
zine locatpd at the United States Navy
yard, at Mare Island, Cal., to Portland,
Or., and from there by the steamer Mount
Lebanon to Yokohama, Japan, for the
United States steairsshin Oiyinpia. The
Mount Lebanon is scheduled to leave
Portland on the 25th inst., and the con
signment consists of ordnance stores, em
bracing powder - tanks, powder, fuses,
charges for eight breach-loading rifles and
Hotchfciss guns— over 38,000 pounds.
Apprnl in (iflf'.i Prhalf.
LONDON, Eva., Feb. 18.— Sir William
Harcourt, the L.beral ieader, has sent a
telegram ro the Liverpool Reform Club,
in which be says:
"I earnestly trust that the Government
will not emnloy the force* of the crown to
prevent ibe liberation of Crete. Such a
proceeding would be universally con
demned by tho British nation."
The Earl of Kimberley, who was Secre
tary of State for Foreign Affairs in Lord
Rosebery's Cabinet, sent a dispatch of
similar tenor to the club.
William Would Vinit tht Czar.
BERLIN, Germany, Feb. 18.— The Tage
blatt says that Emperor William has pro
posed to the C zitr thßt he shall visit St.
Petersburg to confer with him on the
situation arising irom tne insurrection in
Crete.
Lead 7ri»«t JHrretor* He-et*et*d.
NEW YOKK, N. V., Feb. 18.— At the
annual meeting of the National Lead
Comiany to-day the board of directors
was re-elected. A resolution providing
that a committee of three be appointed 10
examine into the expense and administra
tion of the property and make a report at
the next meeting was voted down.
KYLE GOES BACK
TO THE SENATE
South Dakota's Protracted
Fight Ends in a Big
Stampede.
Wildest Confusion as the Result
of the Ballot Becomes
Apparent.
Rpub icans Bring About the Climax,
Aided by a F w Populists and
Democrats.
PIERRE, S. D.. Feb. 18.— Six years ago
to-day J. H. Kyle, a comparatively un
known Congregational preacher, who had
been sent to the Legislature by a happy
Fourth of July speech, was elected to the
United States Senate by a combination of
Populist and Democratic votes. To-day
he was re-elected by the votes of Repub
licans and a few Populists and Demo
crats.
Early this morning tne rumor was cir
culated that the Republicans would vote
for Kyle. When the joint session met and
the roll of ttie Senate was called the Re
publicans voted for Pickler, and a look ot
disappointment came over the faces of
spectators, who thought that they were to
be again disappointed. When the House
roll was called, however, and the Repub
licans one by one voted for Kyle, it com
menced to look as though the long right
was about to end. As soon as the House
roll was finished, and before the vote of
either was announced, the Republican
Senators commenced to change lor Kyle.
This was the signal for Senator McManus,
who has been one of the chief lieutenants
of Kyle, to spring to his feet and say im
pressively :
"I've been fightiug Republicans all my
life and wben I see them take up my can
didate I must be true to my record, and I
hereby change my vote to Goodykoontz."
Then pandemonium broke loose and for
an hour there was a continual chance of
votea. The Populists fought in every way
10 gain time and try to break loose enough
Votes from Kyle to defeat him, but were
unsuccessful.
la an interview to-night Senator Kyle
denied the report that he had made any
do:tl with the Republicans. He declares
that he is a Populist still, has not changed
his principles and that the Republicans
came to him solidly because t^ey thought
Senator Pettigrew was against him and
they wished to humiliate Pattigrew.
Notwithstanding Kyle's public denial
that be has any understanding with the
Republicans, the latter generally believe
the story which is current that he has
committed himself to support all Repub
licau measures except the single one of
free silver.
The correspondent of the United Asso
ciated Presses was informed to-night by a
Republican who has been working on this
combination ever since the session com
menced that the interview which resulted
in the agreement took place this morning.
There were present, says the gentleman,
Senator Kyle, Congressman Pickler— the
latter one of Kyle's managers— and two
members of the Republican steering com
mittee. The interview was a protracted
one, and during it the whole ground was
covered. Senator Kyle, it is said, agreed
to vote with the Republicans for the tariff
measure and for every administration
measure. He reserved the right, however,
to vote upon the silver question as be saw
fit, but qualified this reservation by ex
plaining that since the last election he
thought that a measure for the free and
unlimited coinage of silver would proba
bly not come up in this Congress. Should
it coroe up he would not vote for it if it
were in such shape as to imperil the pass
age of any other administration measure.
He also agreed in this connection that lie
would vote for any measure looking toward
an international agreement for the recog
nition of silver.
Kyle's election it is thought will block
the State legislation that the Populists
have been expecting to put through and
is a particularly severe blow to the admin
istration of Governor Lee, who has some
measures he has been pushinc. He has
reserved his appointments and it is possi
ble that unless the breach is healed the
Kyle men may refuse to confirm his nomi
nations.
In consideration of Kyle voting with
the Republicans on the organization of
the Senate it is understood that Kyle will
receive the present committee appoint
ments of Senator Pettiyrew, which in
clude Ihe important chairmanship of the
Indian Affairs Committee, and that Petti
grew will be effectually turned down.
This is said to be the revenge that Sena
tor Kittredge has planned for his former
chief and present foe.
GOMEZ ELUDES WEYLER.
Breaks Through the Moron Trocha and
Captures the Fort by a Midnight
Cavalry Charge.
KEY WEST, Fla., Feb. 18.— Private in
formation has been received in this city
of the wnereabouts of General Gomez. He
has succeeded in sliding by General Wey
ler and is now between him and Havana.
General Gomez gave the command for
an advance, with strict orders that any
man who struck a match or smoked
would be court-martialed. He then ad
vanced on the Moron trocha, in the east
ern end of the island, with 6000 cavalry
and 10,000 infantry.
He advanced on the fort at midnight
and when he saw he was discovered by
the Spanish, who fired on him, he ordered
the cavalry to charge.
They swooped down on the fort and
captured it and the whole army went
through the trocha. All of the arms and
ammunition of the fort were captured.
The army then continued the march and
was encamped at Vegnite when the news
was sent to this city by a courier. His
order in taking the fort was to use the
machete once, and the cavalry made a
most gallant n.ht.
Bulaaria Jttmi Jiemain Neutral.
SOFIA, Bulgaria, Feb. 18. —M. de
Tcharykow, the Russian diplomatic agent,
has informed the Government that the
Czar desires that the Bulgarians should
not help the agitat'on in Macedonia
against the Turks, and that the Bulgarian
authorities snould not allow bands to
cross from their country into Macedonia
to aid the malcontents.
OFFICE-SEEKERS BARRED.
President- E/ect Me K,n ley's Physician Issues
an Ed ct Against Appl.
cants.
CANTON, Ohio, Feb. 18.— Major Mc-
Kinley continues to improve, but he has
by no means recovered his former robust
health. The contemplated trip to Cleve
land has been abandoned, and it is not
likely thai he will leave here until the Ist
of March, when he starts for Washington.
The public reception next Monday after
noon under the auspices of the Business
Men's Association has been abandoned.
The rush of politicians to Canton is at
an end. President-elect McKmley will
receive no more cullers in Canton, save the
few who come l>y appointment. This
evict went forth to-day. Dr. Phillip*, the
physician of the President-elect, sa;U this
morninp: "Major Mck'nley su>ou!d not
pive his time to visitors any more before
he goes to Washington. He must have
absolute and perfect rest for the very
short perioa of ten days intervening until
his departure, in order that he may be in
proper condition to undergo the strain
consequent to the inauguration."
There was not a caller of the othco-seek
ing class at the home to-day. Major Me-
Kiniey took two short drives to-duy.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
STUART'S
SECRET OUT
The Manager Vainly Silent
as to Plans for His
Amphitheater.
WILL BE OCTAGONAL IN"
SHAPE.
Seating Capacity to Be Provided
for Thirty Thousand
Spectators.
REFEREE GECRGE SILER AR
RIVES AT CARSON.
Denies the Report That He Wcu.d
Introduce Niw Rules for
the F.ghters.
CARSON, Nev., Feb. 18.— At last Dan
Stuart's secret is out. For days the
famous prize-ngiit promoter has been as
dumb as an oyster regarding the style and
plans of the mammoth amphitheater he
Is to erect at the Carson racetrack to hold
the spectators during the coming battle.
His lieutenants have been equally mys
terious and even less communicative.
What the reason for this secrecy was no
one could divine, and it was thought that
there was nothing to do tut to wait for
the official announcement. It was
Stuart's desire to k«ep his secret until the
very day that active building operations
were commenced, but by some hook or
crook the story slipped away from him to
night, and now there are a dozen people
in Carson who know all about it.
Plans and specifications for the big
structure have been accepted and work
wit] begin immediately. The amphi
theater is to be octagonal in shape and
will be roofless. The ring will, of course,
be pitched in the center of the inclosure
and will occuuy an elevated position on a
platform four feet high. A space of six
feet surrounding the four sides of the ring
and immediately adjoining it will be set
apart for the reporters for the press. Then
behind the press seats and extending out
ward toward the eight sections of the oc
tagon will be reserved a radius of thirty
feet for the boxes. These will be the $40
seats. Next to the boxes come the next
highest-priced divisions. T..ese will be
placed in tiers rising from the floor to the
ceiling on the circus plan, and the cost of
them will depend upon their proximity to
the ring.
There will be four entrances to the
amphitheater. There will be broad aisles
between each section of the octagon and
an extra aisle in the center of each, ex
cept those where the entrances are lo
cated. This wilt divide the amphitheater
into twelve sections, and it is the intention
to have each of these sections accommo
date over 2000 people. Cnairs will be pro
vided for t ie first twenty rows behind the
boxes and back of those will be benches.
The design ior the building, as well as
the seating plan, is the handiwork of W.
J. Donohoe, the San Francisco architect
ami contractor. Mr. Dohohoe is tbe spe
cial protege of Governor Budd of Califor
nia, but his friends say ihis influence was
not brought to bear in order to secure the
selection of his plans. Btnart accepted
them because they suited him better than
any of the drawings submitted by local or
Eastern artists. Donohoe is the indi
vidual who once acted in the capacity of
expert for Governor Budd in connection
with tbe foundations for the union ferry
depot at San Francisco. It may be re
membered that he caused consternation
among the contractors by boring holes
into the piers and chopping into them
with a hatchet in order to test the quality
of the concrete.
The Donohoe araphithea'er will cost
Stuart in the neighborhood of $10,000. It
is not to be given out by contract. Stuart's
plan, it is said, is to purchase the lumber
and have the building put together by
Carson workmen. Donohoe will remain
here and superintend the construction of
the building.
George Siler, tbe Chicago sporting man
whom both Corbett and Fitzsimmons ac
cepted as the referee of tbe big fight, ar
rived here to-day from the East. Siler is
not in the best of health and it is doubtful
if he will display much activity between
now and the day of the contest. He was
ill during the journey from Chicago, but
believes he is now on the mend. He will
remain her a day or two and then go to
San Francisco to visit some old friends he
has not seen for years.
Siler is supposed to be on the "exclu
sive" list so far as giving information is
concerned, but be was found to-day to be in
about the same hr.mor as Corbett and
Julian are — ready and willing to be inter
viewed by the correspondents.
"I have been quoted as saying that in
this coming contest I intended to adopt
rules of my own making, " said Siler.
"Now, I want to say that that statement
is untrue, and I never gave uttorance
to any such thing. I have been too long
in the business to imagine that 1 can im
prove or alter old-established rules, such
as those founded by the Marquis of
Queensberry. 1 propose to see that both
men have a fair and square deal. I have
absolutely no choice between them and
only hope that the best man may win,
and I believe they wlil put up a square
and honest tight— and not only that, but
the greatest battle ever witnessed in tbe
roped arena. There can be no question
but that these are the most scienced and
clever lighters who ever stepped into a
rine.
"The agreement signed by Corbett and
Fitzsimmons to break away decently from
the clinches is indeed most satisfactory to
me, as it will save me a deal of work and
trouble."
Owing to the fact that tbe dawn of to
day brought forth another snowstorm,
which continued all day with more or lest
violence, Corbett was compelled to a. am2
abandon his intended departure for his
training quarters at Shaw's Springs. In
depd it begins to appear as though he
would be unable to go there tb.s week. In
tbe meantime he is not permitting him
self to be idle and get rusty. He has en
caged the Carson Opera-house for tem
porary training quarters, and intends to
exercise there twice a day until he can
move out to the springs.
Shortly before noon to-day lie stripped
for some rough work with his trainers at
the opera-house, and the favored few who
were admitted to see him at his practice
had cause to marvel at the champion's
wonderful powers of enduance and agii
ity. He seems to have recovered his old
time ginger and spring, which, it will be
remembered, was so woefully lacking in
his late unsatisfactory battle with Sailor
Sharkey. tie hops around like a French
dancing-master, and seems never to tire
of it.
"He is a glutton for work and is as
strong as a lion," was the remarK made
by his trainer, Billy Woods, as he sat and
puffed like an engine after a bout with the
big fellow.
Corbett began with a rattling four min
ute boxing bout with Woods, and, the
latter beine then wir.ded, big Jack Mc-
Vey was thrown into the breach. Cor
bett does not box with McVey, who is a
wrestler, but content* himself with pull
ing and hauling the giant about the floor
and practicing clinches with him. Me-
Vey's pnysiognomy was barked in a dozen
places to-day as the result of the hugging
and mauling he received at Corbeit's
bands. As soon as McVey cried out that
he had enough, \VooJs retured to the at
tack with the gloves. And so it went on.
the trainers alternating with each other
and Corbett never resting. This was con
tinued for just liity-live minutes and then
Jim, who even was scarcely blowing,
thought it was time to rest and take a
rub-down. This afternoon be went
through the same performance again, but
shortened the working time to thirty-five
minutes. This wiil be the regular routine
now until the storm lets up.
Martin Julian, Fitzsimmons' manaeer,
went through the formality to-day of
eiening a lease for the ase of the Cook
ranch until after the 17th of March. He
hired a sleigh and went out to lake an
other loot at the training quarters he se
lected for the auburn-haired Cornishman,
and was more pleased than ever with the
place. •
"There's a parrot out there that says
'What d'ye soy' and several other similar
choice bits of slang, and Fitzsiromons is
Bure to adopt the bird as his mascot be
iore l.c's out there an hour," expla;ued
Julian upon his return.
Martin might have returned to town in
better humor than he did were it not that
he met with a mishap on his way back.
His learn ran away with him and dumped
him into a snowbank. Some kind-hearted
farmers came to his assistance and shov
eled him out of hii retreat, but neverthe
less he had to walk home. In such a
blinding storm as prevailed at the time
this was no joke.
W. M. Coot, the proprietor of the ranch
where F.tzsimmons is to train, is busy
getting things in readiness for the recep
tion of his guest. He Las set apart the
best bedroom in the house for the Cornish
man and another for the latter s wife.
Fitzsimmons »ili pursue his old plan of
eating nothing during his training except
such food as is prepared by Mrs. Fitzsim
mons. The ranch is completely under
enow at present, and presents a rather
dreary aspect. Ii comprises 320 acre?, in
cluding a pretty grove whicu is used for
Vicnics during the summer months. It is
in tni^ grove that the dancing pavilion,
which Fitzsimmons is to convert into a
gymnasium is located. This is a roomy
structure, 50 feet long by 40 ;eet wide, and
is just the place for boxing, club-swinging
and bag'punching.
Julian was offered a bonus to-night if he
would locate Fiizsimmons' trainingquart
ers at the Wiegin ranch, near Empire, but
he had to decline it, as he had already
signed with Cook.
Dan Stuart's persistent seclusion has
been accounted for. For several days those
who inquired for him at his office were
informed that the Texan was closeted
with architects and contractors, but it
turns out that Ihe genial promoter Das
been a very sick man. He was taken
down Tuesday with a bowel complaint,
and has since been unable to leave bis
rooms. He had a relapse last night, and
it required the efforts of two physicians
during several hours to get him out of
danger. He was reported to be improving
this afternoon, however, and his friends
expect to >cc him out again before tne end
of the week.
f/U»i.W3lO.\.s AT SALT LAKE.
Jieiterat*n to an 'interviewer Hit Con
fldenc.' in lii* Prove***.
SALT LAKE, Utah, Feb. 18. — Bob Fitz
simmons and party arrived here at noon
to-day. Fitzsimmons eluded the crowd
assembled at the depot to me him, and
drove up town alone while the mob spent
its enthusiasm cheering for the trainer,
Dan Hickey, who was mistaken for Fitz
timmons.
In an Interview this afternoon, Fitz
pimmons said be was feeling well, and was
very confident that he would whip Corbett
within ten rounds. He did not want to
do any boasting now, but would reserve
that until after March 17, when he would
have reason to talk. He said he was
champion of the world now, and would
demonstrate that he was a better man
than Corbett.
iutzsimmons was not aware that Julian
had selected Cook's ranch, three miles
from Carson, for his training quarters,
until shown the United As-ociated Presses
dispatch from Carson. He expressed him
self as highly pleased with tne selection,
particularly because the roads in that
neighborhood were good enough to ride a
bicycie on, and he is fona of bicycling.
He appeared at the Grand Opera-house
to-nigut in a 6parrmg exhibition with Dan
Hickey end in a wrestling match with
Ernest Roeber, and also punched the bag
ior a few minutes. The party stopped at
the Terupleton Hotel, and will leave at
noon to-morrow for Carson, where they
will arrive on Saturday. Fitzsimmons will
at once go into training.
fxeunion Hates Announced.
CHICAGO. 111., Feb. 18. — Chicago
roads will carry parties to the Carson City
fight at a rate of $76 50 from this city to
Carson and return and at $72 50 from St.
Louis. Tbe Chicago and Alton has agreed
to make this rate for the men who will go
to see the light by the special Silver-
Honan train which will leave this city
about noon Saturday, March 13. Tne St.
Louis contingent will ba picked up at
Koodhouse. 111. The train will go via the
Union and Southern Pacific lines.
Vni n Pacific Horning:
NEW YORK. N. V., Feb. 18. — The
Union Pacific system report* for Decem
ber gross earnings of $1,977,027, an in
crease of $115 232; expenses $1 323,567, in
crease $131640; net earnings $653,460, de
crease $18,408. For the calendar year 1895:
Gross earnings $22 939,670, increase $666,
--121; expenses $14,620,206, increase $679 158:
net earnings $5,319,463, decrease $L2,03L
A LETTER FROM CORBETT.
THE Call, at tremendous expense and by the exercise of
almost devilish ingenuity, has succeeded in intercepting one
of Champion Corbett's letters to the Examiner. This price
less literary gem is here given in its entirety, and it is prom
ised that if this astounding piece of enterprise on the part of
THE Call is appreciated by the yearning public, other letters
will follow.
Carson, Feb. 18, 1897.
To the Journal- Examiner or Examiner-Journal:
Great and Grand Friend — I arose at exactly nine and
a half minutes past 6 this morning, in good health and
spirits.
I can whip Fitzsimnons in fifty rounds. I never have
whipped him, it is true, and even if I knew that I could not,
it would not be business to say so. What am I here for?
But 1 digress. I washed my face at 6:20 o'clock. This
is correct, and I am confident the Journal-Examiner — that is,
the Examiner-Journal — will have it exclusively. No one saw
me.
I had breakfast at 8 o'clock. This, lam sorry to say, is
not exclusive. The hungry sleuth of the press saw me and
the fact is now throbbing along the heated wire. But 1 did
not like the steak. 1 pledge you my word that this valuable
fact is all our own.
At 10 o'clock sharp I hung a picture of Mr. Heaast on the
wall of my room. Why did Ido this? you ask. Let me tell
you. The champion of the globe has chords in his heart to
which the cold and clammy world is a stranger. He loves
soft things.
The story that the picture represents Mr. Hearst in the
act of buying a gold brick is a foul calumny invented by our
business rivals. 1 respect the chief of our staff too much to
have anything around me that would give him offense. The
brick was not gold.
I may add that 1 respect every member of our staff, with
the exception of Mr. Earp. You remember that we published
a lot of hair-raising stories over Mr. Earp's signature and
that when he was on the witness-stand in the trial that grew
out of the Sharkey fight he swore that some one else wrote
the stories and all he did was to sign his name to them.
1 call that low down.
1 shouldn't be a bit surprised if some of our readers
remembering it should get to thinking that Mr. Bierce or Mr.
Hamilton or some one else in the office writes the articles that
1 sign.
But I have digressed again. I ate three meals to-day
and punched the bag. lam confident that 1 can whip Fitz.
This is exclusive and authentic.
1 see that in printing my articles you use the same type
that you use in telling about the uprising of the Greeks, the
war in Cuba and Mr. McKinley's Cabinet. I think you do
me an injustice. Can't you give me larger type, or couldn't
you use red ink ?
You sometimes forget to put a border 'round my stories.
Don't let it occur again.
I expect $1000 for this letter, as it's twice as long as
usual.
Yours lovingly,
JIM.
HOUSE DEPARTS
FROM A CUSTOM
Reverses the Decision of
Its Committee on
Elections.
Seats a Kentucky Contestant De
clared to Have Been
Defeated.
Minority R pert Contends That Fraud
Vitiates Everything, and This
View Is Sustained.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Feb. 18.— In the
contested case of Hopkins (R.)vs. K°n
dall (D.) from the Tenth Kentucky Dis
trict the Hou-e to-day for the first time
this session on a direct issue of fact re
versed the decision of its Committee on
Elections and seated a contestant whom
the committee haa decared not elected.
The case turned upon the action of the
Connty Clerk of Clark County, Ky., who,
without proper authority, had substituted
what was called in the debate an "odious,
thieving coon" on the ofik-iai ballots in
place of the eaple — the cho«en emblem of
the Republican pi rty of Kentucky.
It was admitted by the committee that
this was a "transparent fraud" and that
it was done with intent to deceive, but it
was contended that the number of votes
lost in this manner was not enough to
overcome the sitt.ng member's majority
of 523 over his contestant.
Tue minority report contended that
fraud vitiated everything, and that the
entire vote of the county must be thrown
oat.
After an exceedingly animated discus
sion the House sustained this view by a
vote of 197 to 91. On the only previous oc
casion in this Congress where the Election
Committee rece ved a setback William H.
Moody of Massachusetts, w^ho led the for
lorn hope in to-day's debate in support of
the majority report, was the successful
assailant. He made a minority report of
one in the case of Rinaker and Downing
in the First Illinois District, not in favor
of sealing Rinaker, but of having a recount
of the vote. In this tlie House sustained
him and on a recount Rinaker was elected.
In the division to-day of the ten Repub
licans who voted to sustain the majority
of the committee three were from Aiassa
cbusetts, whicli led Handy (R.) of Indi
ana to remark that "Massachusetts had
slobbered over 'op mucb," an insult to
Massachusetts which Moody indignantly
rejented.
The rest of the session was given ud to
the passage of bills by consent, which led
the leader to consent to a speedy adjourn
ment, and at 4:30 the House adjourned
until to-morrow.
BBSBIOS Of iH t. SENATE.
Postage of a Hill Contentplnting a A«u<
Poital-Cartt Syttnn.
WASHINGTON, D. C. Feb. 18.-The
Senate passed to-day without a word of
explanation a bill which if it becomes a
law will introduce a new postal-card sys
tem. Its title is, "A bill to extend the
uses of the mails." It v,as introduced in
the early part of the last session by Vilas
(D.)ot Wisconsin and was referred to tbe
Postoffice Committee, from which it was
reported back with amendments on the
18ih of last month. A week ago an at
tempt was mads to have it parsed by
unanimous consent, but objection was
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 19, 1897.
tnen made by Allen (Pop.) of Nebraska,
who sad that from the reading of the bill
it appeared Jo propose the conferring of a
monopoly. Vilas admitted that it did
con er a monopoly, but said that as the
company concerned owned the patent for
the invention there must necessarily be a
monopoly.
Alien promised to look into the matter,
and when Vilas asked unanimous consent
to-day fur the passage of the bill and said
that Allen was satisfied with it, no obj c
tion was made and the bill was passed
without its even being read, except by
title. Its purpose is to allow the circula
tion by mail of postal-cards and envelopes
with coupons attached, patented and
owned by a West Virginia corporation,
at regular postal-card and letter rates,
"paid on presentation of the coupons
from the ?aid cards and envelopes when
detached at the office of delivery." 1 lie
PusimaMer-Generai is to test the practi
cal operation of the plan in one or two
cities and then suspend its operation if
the test prove unfavorable. There are
nine sections to the bill, but they do not
convey a very clear idea of the plan.
The Senate adopted without d:scu~ssion
the House bih for the admission of
needlework imported by the New York
Association of tfewinn-Bchools for exhibi
tion purposes.
The feenate had spent only twenty
minutes in legislative session when on
motion of Sherman (R.) of Ohio the gal
leries were cleared, the doors were closed
and the consideration of executive busi
ness was entered upon.
After three hours 1 debate on the Ami
don cas-f> the nomination was continued
by the decisive vote of 3.3 to 14.
By a further vote of 32 to 27 the Senate
decided at 5:30 to take up the arbitration
treaty and the debate upon that conven
tion beg»«n when Nelson of Minnesota
took the floor for the purpose of moving
postponement of further consideration of
thp ireaty ontil March 5. Nelson was
anxious to have the banki uptcy bill called
up find believed that this and other press
ing business should be attended to at the
present session. The treaty iou dgo over
until the extra session without harm.
A lison, chairman of the Committee on
Appropriation*, was of a similar mind
and said that he believed it would require
all the remaining time of the Senate to
consider the appropriation bills. Frye of
Maine took the same view, but siibse
qnently admitted that it would perhaps
be better to dispose of the treaty now.
Hoar took strong grounds against post
ponement, as did also Platt and Lodge
To the surprise of the Senate Vest came
out in a strong speech favorine the early
ratification of the ireaty as amended. He
declared that the people of the United
States demanded thU convention, and
that its negotiation was the re-ult of a de
sire for peace and general arbitration on
the part of the people of the two great
English speaking peoples of the world. It
was a good treaty, he said, and ought to
ratified.
fcherman in a very brief statement said
he believed the vote ought now to be
taken, and be was confluent if that were
done tbe treaty would be ratified.
Morgan and Daniels, bold of whom are
opuosed to the treaty, said they were pre
pared io go on with the nebate'if Snerman
desired a night session, but this statement
frightened others who were tired of the
proceedings, and a motion was made to
adjourn. This motion was defeated by a
small majority, several of the opponents
of the treaty voting not to adjourn.
Blackburn asserted his opposition to the
convention and declared that it could not
be amended in any way so as to meet his
approval. He hor.ed the motion to post
pone woula not be pressed.
By this time thß hour of 7 was ap
proaching and Sherman saw that it was
impossible to keep a quorum present. He
therefore gave noiice that immediately
after the routine business of to-morrow
he should move an executive session, at
which he hoped the treaty would be dis
posed of. Sherman urged Senators to be
present and remain until the vote was
taken.
There seem* to be a disposition to com
ply with Sherman's request, and the
chances appear to be rattier good for a
session extending well into ihe evening.
Double urdcr at A imcnndn.
BUTTE, Wont.. Feb. 18.— Frank Dres
ser, a gambler at Anaconda, went home
at 8 o'clock this morning and found Sher
man Hansom, a bartender, with Mrs.
Dresser. He shot and killed both. All
are well known and came to Montana
from California.
SENATOR LEXOW
USING THE PROBE
Puts Searching Questions
to Representatives of
Combines.
Mr. Flint Makes Admissions
Damaging to the Rubbsr
\ . Monopoly.
H. 0. Havemeyer Tells as Littic as
Possible About the Sugar
Trusts Methods.
NEW YORK, N. V., Feb. IS.— Senator
Lexow and his colleagues oi the joint
legislative committee appointed to inves
tigate the existence of trusts and monop
olies in this State metacaiu this morning.
In anticipation of an interesting session
there was a large attendance of the out
side public.
Mr. Havemeyer was in attendance at
the funeral ot the late William P. St.
John, but Lawyer Parsons assured Sena
tor Lezow that he would be present after
recess. Mr. Pardons said he had been
authorized by a meeting of the board of
directors of the American Sugar Refining
Company to preient the agreement in re
gard to the purchase of the Philadelphia
concerns and the information regarding
labor and taxes paid by the company, bu:
Seuator Lexlow said the committee would
like to have Mr. Havemeyer before the
committee before putting the information
in evidence.
Charles R. Flint then took the stand.
He was asked if he had secured the figures
with regard to the wages paid by the
United States Rubber Company and com
peting companies. Mr. Flint said he was
unable to secure all the details, and he
was then asked if any one in the employ
of the United States Rubber Company
had destroyed the facilities for the manu
facture of rubber on Long Island.
"I know nothing aboutany such thing,"
replied Mr. Flint.
"Did the United States Rubber Com
pany destroy any property in Brook
haven ?"
"Not to my knowledge."
"Now, don't you remember that it was
one of your agents that destroyed the
plant of the Brook aven company after
Mr. Elbertson bought it?"
"I have no knowledge of such a thing."
"Have you any branch of the business
which provides for the destruction of
property?"
"1 can ascertain. I don't know."
Chairman Lexow tried to get Mr. Flint
to admit that whenever the United States
Rubber Company advanced money to fac
tories it did so for the purpose of con
trolling the output and fixing the price o,
the goods, but the witness would not see
it in that way.
The witness then pave statistics show
ing the wages paid by the United States
Rubber Company to its employes and the
wages paid .by the fcetauket .company.
According to Mr. .Flint's figure^ his com
pany paid more than the Setauket com
pany to its employes. lie said that work
ers in iirst-quality rubber shoes made $2
10 $3 a day and cutters get from $3 to
$3 50.
"How is it that the Setauket factory
cannot compete with the United States
Rubber Company, although it pays 25 per
cent Jess for its labor?' '
"Weli, we claim that we get more value
out of our wage-earners than they do, al
though we pay theni 25 per cent more.
We have also more labor-saving devices
and more economy in production."
"Why is it when you increased your
aeihues, as :ar as your plants were con
cerned, you did not go to a piace like
Setaukt-t, where labor was 25 per cent
elip.tr;er?"
"We thought it best to incrpase the
plants at our larger factories. Further
more, our specialty is the production of
high-grade kooils. "
Senator Lexow smiled at this reply.
"Mr. F lot," be said, "pray do not adver
tise your goods any more."
Witness admitted that there were more
men employed by tbe independent com
panies before connoliuaiion and that tbe
prices of rubber shoes had increased
s. nee.
"Now, to put it plainly, Mr. Flint, has
not t lie entire general stock of me United
States Rubber Company been what is
known as wat< rea?"
Mr. Flint paused a moment, and then
wem on to desc-ibe how the stuck was
issued. "Our stock," he said "was issued
lor L";oawiil an i to pay for properties."
'Now, does not a preat deal of your
stock represent only water, which your
company's directors expect some day to
develop into stock whicti may pay divi
dends?"
"We have our trademarks and patents,
and they are very valuable — just as valu
able as brick and mortar," said Mr. Flint.
In reply to another question, Mr. Flint
admitted thai one oi the objects of the
consolidation was to enabi^ the property
to be put on the market in a realization of
form.
"Then, to the industrial feature of the
enterprise is added the ability to dispose
of itscertiriiates of stock?"
"Undoubtedly, sir."
At this juncture Chairman Leiow an
nounced a recess.
A Bubpena duces tecum has been is
sued on James Benford of the United
Btatei Rubber Company, who has the key
to tue «afe deposit vault in New Bruns
wick, N. J., to produce the schedule of
purchases and other papers asked lor by
the committee.
After recess H. O. Havemryer took the
stand. Witness identified a copy of the
agreement made by the Knight Rehning
Company for the sale of its property as a
correct one. Afier witness had identified
copies of the agreements with other com
panies ami declared a document showing
the amount of taxes paid by the company
irom 1892 to 1896 as correct, he sa.d he
thought that the statement made by
Mr. Searles that the .Brooklyn factories
ofihe company produced 20,000 barrels
per day was right.
Witness said hi« company paid in this
State lest y*ar $33,615 in taxes for per
sonal, real and household property. He
also stated that about one-ha.f of the pro
ducing capacity of his company was in
this State. He declared that his company
had as much raw sugar stored in Boston
as in Brooklyn and twice as much in Phil
adelphia as in either of those cities.
"How comes it, then, when half of your
producing capacity is in New York, that
you do not pay taxes on $30,000,000."
"I do not see any relation between the
two things?"
"Do you know where the deed of the
American Sugar ftefining Com pan v is? '
"No, sir; 1 do noL :l
Mr. Havemeyer then said that the
figures showing the distribution of the
preferred stock of the company were cut
out by Mr. Parsons by permission of the
Arnold committee at" the time of the in
vestigation by the United States Senate.
"Do you mean that?"
"Yes. sir. I say the figures were cut out
at the time ot the Arnold investigation by
Mr. Parsons, without regard to anything
tefore or since. The figures wore never
replaced to my knowledge."
"Who had the custody of the mutilated
trust de*d?"
"Mr. Parsons."
"How was it that you and your assist
ants were so soLcitous to conceal these
papers?"
"A hundred people agreed to have that
done, i am noi responsible. The deed
should have been destroyed."
"Why?"
"It should have been destroyed because,
in my judgment, it was that deed that
caused ail the trouble and hostile legisla
tion against the company."
"You mean prosecut on, don't you?"
'Mo, 1 say persecution. All the fuss
has been over that deed. If that .eed had
not been in evidence the legislators would
have been figiiiing the air. All this sort
of thing has been swept away by the Su
preme Court."
"What do you mean by that?" asked
Senator Lexow.
"Oh! I thought you were conversant
with things that had gone before in this
matter by former investigations," said the
witness.
"I am in a general way," replied Sen
ator Lexow. "But explain what you
mean.'"
"I mean that we have had these investi
gations Det'ora; that one Judge has ruled
we are a criminal monopoly and another
Judge that we are not. The Supreme
Court has swept all thia aside by declar
ing we are not a monopoly, inasmuch as
we do not stifle competition."
Henry Burns, president of the National
Wall-paper Company, was the next wit
ness. He was not one of the original in
corporators or original directors of the
corporation, which was organized in July,
LBB2.
"Were you connected with any company
at the time of the organization?"
"Yes, sir: with the .Robert Greaves
Company."
Witness said that twenty-eight compa
nies in all were absorbed by the National
Wall-paper Company.
"How many companies were left oat of
the combination?"
"About seventeen."
"What amount of business did the com
bination secure?"
"About 65 -per cent, judging by the ma
chinery we employ. We have 183 ma
chines as against 88 of those not in the
combination."
"What was the capital stock issue!?"
"lhe^onginal issue was $14,000,000 and
fll subsequently increased to $'27,000,000
or $28. 000,000. Ttua was common stock."
Witness said that $8,000,000 of deben
ture stocK was author. zed, but only $7,
--500,000 was issued.
"How did you arr ye at the proper dis
tribution of stock?"
"We calculated the profits of the vaii
ous concerns for certain years and multi
plied it Dy sixteen."
"In other words, you capitalized each
concern at 6 per cent and bonded it, the
issr.eof common stock."
"Yes, sir, common and debenture. We
subtracted from this amount, however, a
lot of tangible pronerty which we issued
in debentures. The rest was given in
common stock."
"How do your prices compare with the
prices of the companies not in the combi
nation?"
"Our prices are 25 per cent lower. The
wages also have not decreased. They are
about the same and the employment is
steadier. About 5000 men are employed
by the company in the United States."
"Have you an agreement with the sell
ers of your product in New York ?' '
"Yes, in one or two cases."
Witness said they had competitors in
New York State who worked under agree
ments.
"Are these agreements similar to
yours?"
"I do not know the methods our com
petitors use. I only know there is a wall
paper trust somewhere."
"You claim, then, you are not a trust?"
"Yes, sir."
"The agreement you have with your
sellers restricts them to the sale of your
goods?"
'• Ye*, sir."
Adjournment was taken until to-mor
row morning, and the witness was directed
to produce the agreement.
AST Off MOT IN FAVOR.
The American Editor of the Pall Mall
Gazette Roasted in the House
of Commons.
LONDON, Esq. Feb. 18.— Quite a scene
was created in tte House of Commons to
day by John Burns, Sociali-t member ior
the Battereea divisioa of Battersea and
Clapham. Tbe occasion was the debate
of a proposal to erect a new hall for the
use of the London County Council.
In the course of the discussion Mr.
Burns, himself a member of the City
Council, made an attack upon the Pall
Mall Gazette, owned by William Waldorf
Astor, because of its opposition to the pro
posal. The opposition of the paper to the
erection of a new building on the site of
the present o'ie was purely in the interest
of Mr. Astor, whose house adjoined
the Council building. In concluding his
remarks Mr. Burns said he could stand a
decent duke or a militant marquis, but be
o uld not endure the miserable and nn
gentlemanly conduct of a new millionaire.
After further discussion the proposal to
erect a new County Council hall was re
jected by a vote of 227 to 146.
Right Hon. Joseph Chamberlain, Secre
tary of State for the Colonies, in the course
of discussion of the claim made by the
South African republic for indemnity tor
damage sustained by the raid of Dr.
Jameson ami his followers into the Trans
vaal, said that the Boer Government
claimed for moral damages £677,938. and
for moral and intellectual damages £1,000,
--000. This remark of the Colonial Secre
tary provoked great laughter.
SIX PEOPLE BUTCHERED.
Horrible Tragedy in North Dakota, for
Which Indians Are Held
Responsible.
WINONA, N. Dak., Feb. 18.— The bodies
of Rev. Thomas SSpicer and wile, their
daughter, Mrs. William Rouse, with her
one-year-old twin boys, and Mra Waidron,
mother of Postmaster Wa'dron, were
found on the Spicer plantation, near here,
to-day. Ail were horribly mutilated and
the tragedy is supposed to have been the
work of Indian* from the Standing Rock
Indian Reservation.
The bodies were found at different points
on the ranch. ind ; catinii that the victims
had fled from their assassins. Tie sus
picion that the work was done by Indians
is strengthened by the fact that an Indian
was seen near the ranch shortly after day
light yesterday. The bodies all bear
marks of clubs and knives, weapons which
the Indians are known to have in their
possession. The Standing Rock reserva
tion is but a few miles west of here, and it
is supposed that a party of Indians got
away, and, inflamed by bad whisky, de
cs ruled upon the ranch in tee night and
murdered all the occupants.
The Indians could have committed the
crime and made their way back to the
reservation during the night. There is
mrch excitement uere over the discovery,
and the Government Inspector at the
reservation will be called uoou to-morrow
to investigate the affair.
The bodies were discovered by Walter
Smith, a farmhand, who immediately re
port-d it lo the authorities here. The
bodies were brought to this city this even
ing and an inquest will be held in the
niorninir.
i>. i i>.
CONEr— In this city, February 18, 1897. Mr*.
Kosa'.la L. de Coney, beloved wife of Alexander
K. Coney, a native of Gu»daUi»ra, ex., aged
JiyKotice of funeral hereafter.
WILL FIGHT WATER
WITH FIREWORKS
Jupiter Pluvius Cannot Stop
the San Diego Car
nival.
Cruiser Philadelphia to Be Illu
minated by Costly Colored
Lights.
U A Night in Venice" Will Bo Pro
duced, and a Parade Will Inau
gurate the F esta.
SAN DIEGO. Cal., Feb. 18.— It is rain
ing to-night and the weather office pre
dicts a continuance all day to-morrow,
but the enthusiasm of the promoters of
the water carnival, which will begin Sat
urday, is not dampened in the least.
The barge of the goddess, which is an
chored just off the cruiser Philadelphia,
will be a veritable fairy floating palace,
with hundreds of colored incandescent
lights and Japanese lanterns suspended
from the rigging. On the Monadnock
and Monterey will be erected two im
mense arches, from which hundreds of
Japanese lanterns will be suspended. The
flagship Philadelphia will be lighted from
stem to stern with lanterns, and the Ma
rion, Comus, Adams, Albatross, Petrel
ana Corwin will have lights strung from
every yardarm of their rigsring. Five
thousand Japanese lanterns will be used
on the warships alone.
The fireworks are all properly stored
and ready for use and the experts who
will have charge of the pyrotecnics will
arrive to-morrow from San Francisco.
Two thousand pounds of red and blue and
green fire will be used in producing the
great spectacular scene, "A Night in Ven
ice," and the sight will be one of Oriental
splendor.
Grand Marshal Colonel A. G. Gassen
to-day appointed his aids and issued
orders for the grand parade, which will
take place beginning at 2 o'clock Monday
afternoon. The parade will be in two
grand divisions, with Chief of Police Bren
ning and a platoon of mounted police In
the lead. Following will come Marshal
Gasaen and his staff, consisting of Captain
Charles C. de Rudio, U. S. A., chief of
staff, and eight mounted United States
Army and militia officers. Then will fol
low the Army, Navy and National Guard
brigade, in charge of Lieutenant-Com
mander R. R. Ingersoll of the Philadel
phia, and consisting of 1200 men from the
various warships, tie military post here
and Southern California National Guard
companies. The second division in charge
of Marshal £. J. Dowell will consist of semi
military and civic organizations.
The parade will pass in review on the
plaza, where it will be reviewed from the
Horton House balcony by Admiral
Beardslee.
KILLED IN THB RING.
Pugilist Ben Co/eman's Neck Broken in
a Prizefight in Cincin
nati.
CINCINNATI, Ohio, Feb. 18.— To-night
occurred the first fatality for Cincinnati at
a boxing match. In the preliminary con
test at tLe Manhattan Club room at River
side, a few miles out from the city, Ben
Coleman, aged 22, was knocked down by
Joe Rodgers, of about the same age. Cole
man did not attempt to rise and he was
hastily carried from the ring. A doctor
examined him and pronounced him dead
of a broken neck.
It is not known whether the fall or the
blow killed him. The body was taken to
the morgue in a patrol wagon. Both box
ers were colored. Rodgers d-isappeared in
the crowd, but the police are after him.
The star event of the |evenine, a go be
tween Jim Johnson, the noted animal
painter and boxer, and Al Roberts, who
once fougnt a draw with Kid McCoy, took
place in the ring after some delay, owing
to the panic that the fatality in the first
contest caused. This contest "was aiso fast
and furious and was stopped by the police
in the fourth round. The tight was eiven
P». in. ADELSBACK.
The picture fairly represents a man in
good, robust health, and this is just the
condition ot Mr. P. F. Adelsback of Ma-
dera.
When se«n by your writer he was frank
and outspoken in the praise of Joy's Vege-
table Sarsaparilla.
A friend of Mr. Adelsback used Joy's
Vegetable Sarsaparilla for kidney com-
plaint and was cured. He had many
pimples on his face before using Joy's
Vegetable Sarsaparilla, and as they disap-
peared he told Mr. Adelsback of the fact.
Many are the peculiar, and, at times
wonderful, yea. singularly remarkable re-
coveries from the use of this herb remedy.
Hundreds of persons began taking the
remedy just as a laxative and gradually
eot over chronic affliction. Madera has
had many of such peculiar cases . and
nearly all of them came t.o the hearing of
Mr. Adelsback. It is for these reasons that
hn used the great Californian remedy, and
now he rejoices and tells his friends, his
neighbors and all what good has been ac-
complished for him.
Don't, let the drug clerk talk you into
buying sora otliing else for Joy's Vegetable
Sarsaparilla. ■
DR.MQOTLTY.
'I'rris WKrx-KsowN AND ABLE OLl>
_*■ -"specialist cutm Priv»te,NervouB,Hlood mid Skin
i-MspHHes of Men only. Manly Power restored. Over
->■' years' experience. Send for Book, free. Patients
cured at Home. Terms reasonable. Hours, 9 to 3
d * 6 :30t08.30ev IR9.1 R9. Sundays. 10 to 12. Consulta-
tion free and sacredly confidential. Call or address
V". BOSCOE McNUI/TY, M. ».,
»«*» Keainj Street, Saaf ranelKo, Cal. J
to Johnson. Bed Lilly, the ex-league
umpire, refereed both -ontests.
It is believed that th>deatb of Colemau
will be the end of pubic boxing matches
in this vicinity. T c Manhattan Ciub
rooms are located nea» the distillery of
Charles Fleishmann & &>n. the prominent
turfmen, and it is clamed that rersons
connected with the e;tablishment are
back of the club exbibituns.
♦ )
GENERAL JOHX C. JtOfJl\ SO* ID A D
Taste* Away Full of Tear, and Honor*
nt 111* Birlhpncm.
BINGHAMPTON, N. V., Feb. 18.—
eral John Cleveland Robnson, after a
week's illness, died at nis hime here this
afternoon. General Robin was born
in this city April 10, 1817. H, spent three
years at West Point, afterwa-d studying
law. • *
In 1839 he obtained a con mission as
second lieutenant and entered the Fifth
Infantry. From this period until 1869
when he retired from the Bray, General
Robinson served his country \\ the mili
tary service, rising throueh tie various
grndes to brigadier-general of vilunteers.
He served through the Mexican War
and after that campaign went to Florida
to associate with the forces against the
Seminole Indians. In 1872 he was elected
Lieutenant-Governor of the Slate of New
York. \
He was eoraraander-in-rhi«f of th«
G. A. R. in 1877 and in ISB7 was elected
president of the Society of th» Army of
the Potomac. He had been blind for sev
eral years as the indirect result of injuries
receiveilin battle.
NEW TO -DAT.
Put a spoonful
of your baking pow-
der in a glass with
some hot water. y
When the "siz-
zling" is over the
water should be
clear — or else the
baking powder * is
not pure.
Try this with
Trophy
C Tillmana & Bendel, Mfrß,
{ — ,
CURED
The number of bad -<jji^^?-.!^
cases cured by the /^^^^m^^^\
noted specialist, Doc- /™Mtfif \
tor Cook, is truly won- /Js»OKJ \
derfuL His patients I \fmr% « j&2
come from every occu- IIHSIW -.SJ^siiE*?^^
pation and from all ufnSJZ/ s^s**v^- '
over the world. Among TK*s> (l f iCaiKL 1
other ills he euaran- o»3J/* 1 fESS
tees a perfect cure of "^S t^r '^SiflPKSa
Female Complaints, 7 w|fcßP|/*i3
Lost Manhood, Sexual A Svs - Hm"iw^
or Seminal Weakness. _Awhk- ra^Srrj^T
Gonorrhoea, Stricture, a| E^m^fo
Syphilis, Varicocele, K^PP^^^f £%
Hydrocele, Blood and *>«*;* -V^Br^^ J' "
Skin Diseases and all (DOCTOR COOK )
functional diseases of the Liver, Stomach,
Kidneys, Bladder and other internal organs.
Office hours 9 to 12 A. M. and 2 to 5 and 7 to 8
P. M.; Sundays from 10 to 12 A. M. only.
Write if you cannot calL Mail treatment al-
ways successful. Free book on Nervous and
Sexual Disorders to ail men describing their
troubles. Address
DOCTOR rOOTT 863 Market Bt.
MJ\J\J±\JH, \j\J\Jn. San Francisco, Cal.
DD II CLICC BARBER* BAX-
tIKIIrtWr"«% ers> bootblacks, bath-
VI I If UIIUVI houses, billiard- tables,
brewers, bookbinder*, candy-makers, carmen.
dyers, flourmllla, foundries, laundries, paper-
bangers, printers, painters, shoe factories, suols-
men, tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, etc.
-, BUCHANAN BROS.,
Mrush ilanufactureris. 6Q9Sitcram«>nto3U
THE
WEEKLY
C^LL
c/ It Publishes the Cream of the
p/ News of the Week and
=* MANY ATTRACTIVE AND
JL ORIGINAL FEATURES.
31 IT IS THE BEST WEEKLY 1
°\ PAPER ON THE I
ol PACIFIC COAST '
3 Always Republican, but Always
Jj Fair and Impartial in Its
°S Rendering of the Po-
«< Htical News.
ol
01 It's the Paper to Send East It
gj You Want to Advertise
3 California. .
2 \ /
D The Best \ /Mining
2 Telegraphic \/ News That
°S Service on /\ is Accurate
<=< The Coast • \& up to date
°{ . / V .
®j Not a Line of it Sensational
°\ or Faky, and Not a Line of
01 it Dry or Uninteresting.
°) A PAPER TOR THE COUNTRY FIRESIDt
o ;
s> ZZ
01 Bright, Clean, A Champion of
1 Thoughtful. - Truth.
3 A CALIFORNIA NEWSPAPER X
jj ALL THE TIME.
2IT ADVOCATES SENT BY
) HOME MAIL, $1.50
©< INDUSTRIES A YEAR.
3 THE CALL SPEAKS FOR &J,MILLIONS OF ACRES
WILL BE OPENED
Fruitful Work of Attorney
Joseph H. Call of Los
Angeles.
Through His Efforts Vast Tracts
of Valuable Land May Be
Taken Up.
Forfeited by the Rai roads According
to a United Sates Supreme
Court Decision.
LOS ANGELES, Gal.. Feb. 18.— The in
de:atigable labors of Attorney Joseph H.
Call of this city, special (iovernment coun
sel ir. several cases involving titles to
large bodies of the public domain covered
by re;lroad land grants, are bearing fru't.
His :at-st victory over a railroad corpora
tion is comprised in v decision of the Su
preme Court of t lie United States, which
is of ti.e greatest importance, since it cov
ers r very vital principle of Federal iaw
and will eventually open about 5,000,000
sere* of valuable land in California and
New Mexico to the use and permanent oc
cupancy of actual settlers.
The case was entitled Atlantic and Pa
cific Railroad Company vs. Robert Min
gus, and wbs brought by the company to
eject Mingu« from a certain tract of land
in New Mexico, the land being witnin the
erant of IS<3« to the Atlantic and Pacinc
Company. The company contended that
the attempt of Congress to forfeit the
grant by the act of July 6, 1886, was null
and void, in that the fauit for not build
ing the road as stipulated in the grant
wa? witn the Government and not with the
company. Tue company alleged that the
Government had undertaken to extin
guish the Indian titles to the Territory, as
preliminary to the location and construc
tion ot the road, and had failed to do so.
The Supreme Court of New Mexico was
dlviaed in its opinion and upon appeal to
the Supreme Court of the United States,
Attorney Call of this city was directed to
fcppear on behait of the Government and
present the case, which was submitted
last December.
Call argued the case on behalf of toe
Government in that court, contending
that Congress was empowered to forfeit
the grant for failure to build the road.
Tne decision of the Supreme Court just
rendered is against the contentions of the
raiiroad and in favor of tne Government,
and holds mat Congress nad the power to
forfeit the grant.
Tne lands in Southern California
Effected by the decision are the same
lands claimed by the Southern Pacific
Railroad Company, wherein it has been
held that those lands were forfeited ior
the benefit of the Government and not for
the benefit of the Southern Pacific Com
pany.!
VSABLE XO JfAY IB.E ALIMOXT.
Plea of the Jfitimbnnd in. the Ueilbrnn
Divorce Suit.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Feb. 18.— The
marital woes of William C. Htiibron and
liis plucky little wife are becoming both
numerous and complicated. Tne lady be
gan divorce proceedings on January 2L
and the court made an order that the hus
band pay the wife $60 per month pending
the proceedings.
To-day Heilbron was in court to explain
why he had not provided his wife with the
r.ecessary funds. The young man had
what he considered sufficient excuse, and
in explaining his neglect was called upon
to sive some account of his business. He
raid that running a billiard parlor and
cigar-stand was not all profit. He told
how he owed $700 on the tables and his
creditors were pressing him for payment. I.1 '.
He had no income outside his business.
If he were compelled to pay her $60 a
month and settle np the amount already
due bis billiard and cigar enterprise was
likely to pass into the hands of giasping
and mercenary creditors.
In reply to a question, he said that
when he and his wife lived v:> in Seattle
they had ample funds and lived in com
fort, and even luxury.
"You lost most of your property during
the real estate excitement, did you not?"
suggested Heilbron's attorney.
''We lost on account i>f a lack of excite
ment," he replied, which was quite con*
sis'ent with the probabilities.
The defense intimated that Mr«. Heil
bron was not in distressing circumstances,
that sho had diamond worth more t.'.an
$1300 and proi erty in Seattle that yielded
handsome rents, besides having money in
bank. Heilbron said he nad explained
his financial difficulties to his wife.
The defendant was informed by the
court that he must see that his wife and
two children have something to eat, even
if he and nis businees suffered in conse
quence.
The charpes in the complaint for divorce
are willful neglect, habitual drunkenness
and extreme cruelty. This branch of the
case will bo heard next Tuesday.
HBDOMiO liEA<B IISH CASSKKr.
An Enterprise lh.ui irlves Promise of
Griat Return*.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Feb. 18.— There
is a fair prospect that a fish-carmine plant
will be established at Redondo Beach.
Persons interested in the project have
askea an experienced Eastern fish
packer to make an estimate of the cost of
a plant capable of providing for the busi
ne-v He has iiivesngated and accorditie
to his figures Mich a plant may be placed
here lor about $-000. This would include
apparatus such as seines and other things
for catching iish. As tne business grows
the capacity of the plant may be in
creased. The waters off-hore there
abound in sardines, sad, in fact tlie San
Pedro cannery is supplied with them to a
Jarge eH«n:. This iine of business is s».id
to be such that one concern need not in
jure aiother in proximity to it.
Half the sum estimated to start the can
nery has been pledged. When once actu
ally started it would probably take three
months to finish construction and set the
plant in actual operation. It is believed
the establishment cooiu also with profit
dispose of the great quantities of surplus
yeliow-tail ana other fish caught there
during the summer mouths.
lOUMG MUTT'S TROUBLES.
tutor* B» If am of Age in Order to Ob-
tain a Marriage Licrnse.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Feb. 18.— Young
and perverse Steve Molt, heroin the late
elojement with Miss Marguerite Hupp to
Santa Ana, where the pair were marrifd by
virtue of a license obtained in Orange
County, is liable, it seems, to a new and
unexpected trouble.
Mr. Mott took oath before the County
Clerk that he was -'1 years • f ape, and as
hia appearance did not iieiie this state
ment, the clerk did not hesitate in Riving
him the document he «o macb coveied.
It tranipiTes vow that the father of the
young man says he is only 19 years old.
County Clerk Brock, who was in this city
to-day, was seen in reference to the mat
ter. He gave it as his opinion that the
matter will not rest where it is now if it
be ascertained to a certainty that the
young man i* really under age. By the
omission of .he word "brothor" in these
dispatches relating to this affair, it was
made to appear ttiat he (the newly mar
ried man) had formed a law pa-tnersnip
with Hon. Frank Davis. Thomas D.
Mott Jr. is the attorney and Mr. Davis is
his associate.
FIERCE STORM AT LOS ANGELES.
Signs and Awnings drenched From Their
Fastenings and Streets Are Turned
Into Rivers.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Feb. 18.— After
thrpe days of muggy, threatening weather
a storm of wicd and rain broke over this
city a; 5 o'clock this morning with preat
violence. The wind was from the north
east and had force enough to wrench signs
and awnings from their fastenings. The
rain fell in torrems for the spate of about
two hours and then ea*ed off to a gentle
drizzle latirr in the day. The streets in
lower pan of the city were veritable rivers,
stopping pedes;rians in ail drections.
Considerable snow fell on th» higher alti
tudes, but no damage resulted.
Reports Irom all Southern California
points indicate that the rain was general
as south as San Diego and that in some
places the precipitation was much greater
than here. Smull mountain streams did
great damage to roads in s»me localities,
owing to clouduursts in the mountains
and foothills. Ttu> rain was not specially
needed, but will do much tood. The pre
cipitation lor the storm was nearly an
inch and a half, and for the Reason* 1:!%
inches — more than twice as much as oa
this date 1.-t-t year.
SAN DIEGO, Cal., Feb. 18 —Rain began
falling laat night and continued most of
to-day. Three-iourths ol an inch has now
falien, making nine inches for the season.
Tue storm now is general over the county,
and the forecast announces a storm for
to-morrow.
Otjde.n Woman* Stranye Delusion.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Feb. 18 —Mrs.
Tnea McDaniel, a pretty woman, was com
mitted to the Highlands Insane Asylum
to-day. Shu came here from Ogden, Utah,
where she haa been living ior the pa>t
tour year?. She labored under the delusion
that one of her sons, now dead, was kapt
in prison away from her.
Un« iear for $26.
LOS ANGELES, Cal.. Feb. 18.— L. J.
Laird Jr. was sentenced to one year's
servitude in the penitentiary to-day by
Judge Smith for forgery. Laird passed a
check for $26 on a local grocery. He had
been arrested in San Francisco previously
for stealing a woman's pocket-book.
)lmf, Vn<ij*nkti'M Critieil Condition.
LOS ANGELES. Cal., Feb. IS.— Mme.
Modjeska's condition is about the same
as yesterday. Tne tempera: u re is normal,
but the heart action causes the piiyscians
anxiety. A diatrnoMs ol the case shows
tnat it is cleany catarrbal apendicitis.
lon SI me H - ;/ Jm Dxrorced.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Feb. 18.— Lou Ma?
Kelly was io-ilay u r - an ted a divorce from J.
A. Kelly on the ground o' cruelty. Kelly
was at one time County Recorder and is a
brother of Mrs. Garner, who is well known
in San Francisco.
To Brenrrr Arnin Politician*.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Feb. 18 —Suit to
recover $s'Xl on a promissory note has
been brou^-nt by Cnar es A. Schroeder
against Theodore Bauer and C. F. Weber,
we!l-Known politicians, now said to be so
journing ID Mexico.
SAN JOSE'S BULB SHOW.
Profusion of Flowers Displayed by the
Santa Clara County Floral
SAN* JOSE, Cal., Feb. 18.— The bulb
show of the Santa Clara County Floral
Society opened auspjpiously in Turn
Verein Hall this evening despite the
threatening weather. A large crowd was
preseut. The hall was beautifully deco
rated, and the scenes presented in the
various booths were euchainiag and mag
nificent.
From the center of the hall vari-colored
paper ribbons were festooned to the ed^e
of the balcony. A preuy fountain illumi
nated by electric lights was in the center
of the hall. Booths were arranged around
the sides of the room. They were deco
rated with palms, ivy. smilax, ferns and
greenery, and separated from one another
by portieres of vines.
Over 20.0C0 bulbs were exhibited in the
booths. They were all fine specimens and
included hyacinths, freesias, jonquils,
tulips, calla and china lilies and Bomzon
daffodils. Other flowers and shrubs were
exhibited.
The followinc proeramme was presented
on the stage: Vochl ?010 ,"Day Dreams,"
Miss Aiice Gassefe.d; recitation, 'The
Chimes" (by Charles Dickens), Miss Mo
liere; banjo so o. Mr. Ordway; song, Miss
Luders of San Francisco; rechation, "A
Fallen Star," Mi«s Moliere; banjo solo,
Mr. Ordway. Dancing followed on the
floor of trif hall.
Exuibitj are made by the following:
Mrs. j. H. Bykes, Mr*. F. H. Thomas, Mrs.
Judge 8. A. Barker, Mrs. Dr. J. N. Brown,
Miss Jane Williams, Mr«. Gt-orge Koenig,
Miss Erna Scunabe:, Mrs. S. A. Boring,
Mr . Bcbaltz, Mrs. J. R. Bailey, Mrs. Mary
Pillot, Mrs. R. Langford, Mrs. O'fitnnon,
Mrs. Helen Lorimer, Miss Lizzie Aobott,
E. H. Elirhorn.
Mm. Robert Syer has charge of the sup
per-room. She is assisted by Mr.«. J. H.
Corrick, Mrs. Holland, Mrs. O'Bannon and
Miss Boyle. Tiie lemonaae booth is in
iliarge 01 the Misses Celine Delmas and
Erna Solmabei. The assistants are the
Misses Leonie Portal, Anna Hatrunn and
Nettie Delinks. Mrs. Dr. Livingston pre
side- over cbe candy booth. She is as
sisted by the Misses Mr.bel Wastie, Wanna
Miller, Wiiiitred Morse, Bertha Lovell,
Pearl L vingston, Mane Chapin, Stella
Zumwaldt and L»-zette Howard.
On tbe right as oneenura the hall is the
reception-room of thr- Floral Society. Mrs.
J. F. Thompson is in charge. Others in
tijo booth are Mist Effie Halford, Mrs. A.
L. Mueller, Mrs. J. K. Bailey and Miss J.
L. Asay.
The officers of the society are: Presi
dent, Mrs. J. F. Thompson; vice-presi
dent, Cyrus Jones; Fiora, Mrs. J. R.
Wilkes; secretary, Mi-s Lizzie Abbott;
treasurer, Mrs. I). M. Livingston : treas
urer, Mrs. Helen Lorimer
The show will continue until Saturday
evening. There will be a change of pro
gramme nightly.
ArrnigntiU Jor I orgrry.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Feb. 18.-Frank Cher
rie, who was arrested last evening on a
charge of forgery, was arraigned before
Justice Dwyer to-davand his examination
set for February 26. Bail was fixed at
$2000. He forged the name of I. ts.
Thompson, a rancher, to an order for
$18 50 on E. T. Pettitt. a fruit-grower near
West Side. A short time ago Cherrie was
arrested on a charge of stealing cattle
from the Hyde ranch, on Pine Ridge, but
the evidence was not sufficient to convict
him.
Lrtffunn Seea Land. Attached.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Feb. 18.— Sheriff Lyn
don yesterday attached five tracts of land,
comprising 634 acres of the Rancho La
guna Seca. '1 he attachment was made on
:i writ issued in a f-uit brought in San
Francisco by George F. Aliardt against
tbe Citizens' Wate- Company. The
amount involved ;<■ $11 903.
Removal— Dr. a VV. Dennis, dentist, has re
moved trom 115 Powell street to Parrott build
ing, 825-855 Market, over Emporium. *
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 19, 1897.
ORANGE HEAPS
DRAPED IN SNOW
Soft, Fleecy Flakes De
scend on Cloverdale's
Citrus Fair.
It Serves but to Add Beauty to
the Exposition of Golden
Fruits.
Large Crowds Journey to the Fiesta
Which Is Auspiciously Opened
to the Public.
CLOVERDALE. Cal., Feb. 18.— The air
and tne scene were redolent of the tropics
inside the Citrus Fair Payilion to- day, but
outside the chill, contrasting hand of
winter had touched the dills and dales
daring the night and left them robed in a
wnite and glistening garment of snow.
Inside the pavilion oranges and lemons
were heaped in huge pyramids; outside
they were kissed by ripples and tufts of
snow, or had icicles hanging upon them.
To say that the people of the upper
Sonoma Valley were astonished when
tney awoke thn morning exactly ex
presses their feelings.
An old rancher who sat by the fireplace
in the hotel this morning after a long
drive said he had lived In the valley forty
years and had uever seen so much snow
be ore, and the quantny was only about
one inch on the level. It gave the orange
trees which ornament the lront yards of
Cloverdale residences a new beauty and
did not hurt the crop tne slightest.
The crowds that attended the pavilion
seemed to greatly enjoy the novelty.
They pointed to ihe snow as another ex
ample of the exceeding diversity ol Sonoma
Valley climate. Sleiehs laden with merry
makers passed through drives ornamented
by orangeb. By noon tlie light fall of snow
had melted and a gentle rain began to
fall. Tiiis i> the lirst spell of unfavorab c
weather that bas yet descended on Clover
date's i itrus fair. It is not regard c! as an
evil oao, however. Tue people take it
philosophical.}', sayinjr they cannot ex
pect to have the weather bureau perpetu
ally on their side.
The weaiher did not decrease to any
noticeable extent the crowds that came in
excursion trains from oilier cities down
tue valley. About noon a long train ar
i rived with enthusiastic excursioni-ts from
Santa Ro*a, Petaiurna, Healdsbtir.; aid
other towns. This crowd, with the peo
ple o ( ioverdale and its immediatt vicin
ity. curup:eiely nJIeJ the pavilion during
the afternoon and at night.
A decided novelty ot the day and exhi
bition ib that while it was winter outside,
dozens of canary Dirds hanging an.
swinging in cages amid the piles of
piunea, olives and golden fr.it vi*»a with
I each other in their glad -ongs and rilled
the bix hail with a chorus of melody.
t lowers have b*en aaded to the fiesta and
festoons in green, white and yellow now
sweep in graceiul curves across the sce;je
and the decorations are complete Some
of the decorations are comprised of al
mond blo-som*. Below them are the lusc
| ious nuts of the previous blossoming.
This evening A. W. Foster, Dresident of
the San Francisco and North Pacific Kail
road, said in regard to the citrus fair:
"Tha people of San Francisco would be
astomsned if they could ?ee thu magmti
cent display of citru- frti't. It I* the fin
j est exhibit that ha.« ever been made.
j This section of the valley is steaailv pro-
I year by year in the production of
I citrus fruiis. I am surprised and Ju.l of
admiration at the quality. Southern
Caliiornia cannot raise any better oranges
or lemons. Sonoma County should be
proud of the exhibit. The pavilion is
nlso a great credit to Cioverdalr." Gen
| eral Passenger Agent R. X. Ryan of the
I railroad company also expressed his ad
j miration and v U rpr se at the excellence of
I the citrus exhibit.
i A conference was held this evenine by
I the executive committee of the fair and
General Passenger Agent Ryan. It was
agreed that to-day's excursion from Santa
Rosa, Petaluma, Heakisourg and inter
vening towns should be duplicated next
Monday at the same rate of $1 for t.'ie
round trip from tne two first named cities
and 50 cents Irora Healisburg. This was
done owing to the inclement weather to
day.
To-night one of the numbers of the
musical programme by the Cloverdale
cornet band »a< entitled, "And the Next
Day It Snowed."
John Conner of Cloverdale presided,
and made tbe opening speech, and told the
story of the resources of tbe vahey a; dis
played above, below and around the hiil.
Mr. Comber introduced the principal
speaker of the evening, R. A. Thompson
editor of the Santa Rosa Democrat.
Mr.Thompson's subject was, "Tiie Evo
lution of Agriculture in Sonoma County."
The address was largely historical, begin
ning with Padre Altimira, the first Cali
fornian to settle in Sonoma, though he
was not the first Sonoma County farmer,
the Russians havine preceded him at
Bodega.
"W'lien there was no other agricultural
gift to bestow upon Sonoma, Cloverdale
crowned its produces with citrus fruits "
s,am the speaker. "The trees were first
planted because they were ornamental.
This gave nature her opportunity; she
did the rest.
"j. A. Kleiser, an honored pioneer, still
amonsusand here Jo-cay, purchased in
Ban Francisco in 1860 an orange plant for
wbich he paid $5. He set it out on the
present Captain Field place. It was after
ward moved to the Bowman grounds. It
is now thirty-four years old ani is in
full bearing. Other scattering trees were
planted in the town after this and all
flourished. Captain John Field was not
the first to plant orange?, but be was the
tirot to plant, them for profit. It was a
success, M. Memnan was not much be
hind Captain Field, and now has a highly
productive orange grove on a lot adjoin
in/ his t.otel.
"In 18'J3 the display of trees laden with
fruit was so conspicuous that it occurred
to a number of citizens to have a citrus
lair. Colonel James B. Armstrong, who
was always an ardent lover of nature and
its product!), a brilliant writer on the
agricultural development of the State,
was especially inte^e-ted. He was enthu
siastic. An association was formed, of
which Colonel Armstrong was made presi
dent, W. T. Brush vice-presiaent and G.
H. Baer secretary. The directors were
Captain John Field, Louis HolJoway, I.
E. Shaw and T. B. Wilson (ruana er).
Behind the directorate were a number of
ladies without wiroin there is no success
in such work. Amone these were: Mrs.
J. A. Kleiser. Mrs. I. E. Shaw, Mrs. W. T.
Brush. Mrs. H. Larrab c, Mrs. Louis
Holioway, Mrs. Jonn Field. Mrs. H.
Gerkhardt, the Misses Lance. Miss Larra
bee, Miss Marshall, Miss Dominie and
Miss Minnie Potter.
"The lair took place on the Ist, 2d and 3 i
of February, 1893. It was a great success.
The people of the btata, county and even
ft Cloverdaie were astonished at the
progress that iad been made. Il greatly
stimulated the planting of citrus fruits.
'The results uf that fair are before you
to-day — not only in the iruits exhibited,
bu: also in this splendid building in
which they are displayed. This leads up
to tbe building and its construction,
vr:iicb is also an outcome of tbe fair of
1893. Most of the organizers of that fair
were promoters of the pavilion scheme of
1896. How could it help beine a success?
Tner<? were Captain John Field, who
never kicks at anything; there was M:-ni
han to pour oil on the troubled waters;
Humbert with an extra bridge lor an tin
expected cha-m; there were Baer to boom
it; the Reveille to wake v up; Albenz to
throw iixlu upon it; Senator Holloway *.o
make laws for it; T. B. Wilson to start it;
and Messrs. Kieiser, Hliaw, Hubbard, Mer
ritt, CaWlweil, Pinchower and Mrs. Prrs
lon ai d many other helpers behind these
promoter*. These lad.es must nut be ior-
Kotten. Without the r encouia^cment and
active aid tiipra would have been no fair
and no pavilion, but they did co-operate
and it was done; an I now the Cloverda;e
maiden can loos out upon the olive and
orange groves whicu surround h» r home
and in a drenm of the hopetul future she
may -in;, as did a great poet's "laUcing
Oaks':
And when my morn of marriage comes
Alternate I shall wear
An oliTfl spray and orange bloom
In wreath about my hair.
"Citizens of Ciovenlale, I most heartily
congratulate you. Tins pavilion you have
ereUea is tne tirst in Northern Caliioruia
for ihe d i^p.nv of citru3 fruits. Ii ritiy
crowns the story oi the evolution of agri
culture In Sonoma County."
To-morrow will be Mendocino County
aay, and a special excursion ■will come
from Ukiali and other points north. Tne
principal speaker will be Mrs. Anna Mor
rison of Wilhtis. Saturday will be San
Francisco day. Henry J." Crocker will
bring ui< a party from the City. The rail
road offers special excurtion raies from
San Francisco, Sonoma and all other
pointa along the line. Banday the fair will
iremain open, but there will'be no special
programme. Ai 11 o'clock to-night crov.ds
are still promenading the aisiea to the
music of the band.
NOT TO BE BRIBED.
The Governor of Washington Springs a
Sensation in the Case of Henry
Craemer.
SEATTLE, Wash., Feb. 18.— Governor
Rogers sprung v btnsation to-day by giv
ing out correspondence tending to show
that 0. F. Wegemr, the alleged friend of
H^nry Craenier, me murderer who is
doomed to be hanged in a few weeks, has
been raising thousands of dollars in the
East, presumably for the purpose of brib
ing Rogers to grant Ciaeraer a pardon.
Wegener has for three years past been
taKir.g an interest in Craemer's behalf.
He worked the Germans of California into
a -ever of excitement by telling them
through the papers and by private corre
spondence that Craemer is innocent and
that only one thing could save him —
money. It is claimed h? raised several
thousand at the time. Similar letters
were sent to Germans in other parts of the
United States.
That was before Governor Rogers took
offiie. Once again Wegener has flooded
the country with circulars asking the Ger
man citizens lor money wherewith to save
the neck of Craemer, who has been repre
sented as an innocent man but the victim
of ma. ice and prejudice and a man who is
being politically held in jeopardy by ot
fice-holding bandits, to be released fora
ransom. Wepeuer has charged the Supe
rior Court Judge* ana the Supreme Court
Judges with corruption, and now he im
plicates the Governor of the State.
It appears that Wegener has secured
$2000 from the State of Texas alone and is
asking for more money, declaring thai if
"lots" of money is immediately sent the
Governor can be persuaded so pardon the
condemned man; but above all, "more
money" is absolutely needed. Wegener
has all along claimed that he can ; rove
Craeme-'s innocence, because a certain
'•Jack Quincy," if he could be produced,
would swear mat Craemer was in Tacoma
on the day of the murder, and thus estab
lish an alibi.
In the East Wepener has been telling a
d fferent story. He claims the "fanati
cism" of the people ot Seattle about cor
rupt public officials is responsible for
Craemer's position, and he points out that
the rondemned man can only be saved by
German* throughout '.he country sfiiuuig
in ai. the money that can be bpared. To
such ends ha a Wegener pressed his claims
that certain Germans of the Middle States
have begun to doubt his btory, and one of
them, William Webber, editor of the
Kiieger Zeitung, pabished at Belleville,
ill., Uas written to Governor Rogers con
cerning Wegener and his methods. Gov
ernor Rogeis gave out the letter to-day,
which read in part as follow-:
"My own position is strictly neutral. I
do not wish to barm an innocent man,
nor do 1 desire to countenance swindle
and immoderate attacks upon the iustice
of our court!«."
Governor Rogers' private secretary has
written Wegener a letter, in which he
says:
"Governor Rogers directs me to inform
you that he is in receipt of a communica
tion from William Webber, editor of a
German paper published at Belleville. 111.,
laying that you had written appeals to the
German papers throughout the United
States for funds to be used in securing the
pardon of Mr. Craemer with the implica
tion that th- se funds are to Le applied in a
corrupt manner. The Governor desires
to »ay that if you have given out such an
impression you have done him a great in
justice. It is not the Governor's intention
to inter/ere in any case where application
for pardon does not prove conclusively
that the person convicted was really innu
cent of the crime charged against him.
The evidence in Mr. Crammer's case is very
damaging to him. The Governor has said
emphatically that he will not pardon Mr.
Craemer. He now reiterates it."
STOCK TOM'S OLDEST WOMAN DIES.
"Aunt/c " King, Wto Had Passed the Cen
tury Mark, Found Expiring in
Her Yard.
STOCKTON, Cal., Feb. 18.— Registrar
Eckstrom of the Associated Charities
yesterday went to the house of oid
"Auntie" King, an aged colored woman
who had beer, dependent upon public
charity for a number of years. Mr. Eck
strom could not arouse anybody by knock
ing and so he entered the dwelling, which
is located at 106 West Jackson street.
The house was empty, but what appeared
to be a newly started tire burned in the
kiichen stove. Mr. Eckstrom went into
the back yard, expecting to find old
"Auntie" King at Hie pump which is lo
cated there. He did find her there, but she
was aimo'-t lifeless and expired soon after
ward. Sbe lay nearly hidden in tall gras*.
and had not the registrar chanced alone
just when he did she would probably have
died in the yard and her body miL'ht have
lain there hidden for days in the tall grays.
The old lady claimed to be 106 years old,
but her friends say that she was not
nearly so aped as she imagined. She was,
however, far past the meridian of life.
She had been eccentric with age for many
years and her chief dread in life was the
County Hospital. She would nevor go
thera.
Stanford's Ihirf to Go East.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. Cal., Feb.
18.— Dr. Jordan will leave for Washington
next Tuesday evening to attend to matters
connected with the seal investigation.
His preser.ee there is necessary to interest
the new administration in the work. He
wiil bo accompanied by Professor Clark.
Nearly all the other members of the Sea!
Commission will be affected by the change
of administration. Although cis prelim
inary report has been printed, the final
report, winch is nuich more complete, is
yet to be made. Dr. JorJan will be absent
>i bout thr c weeks. Professors G riggs and
An»elT will take charge of h;s university
lecture courses.
.lapa Pionrer I'nisrs Away.
NAPA, Cal., Feb. 18.— William Russell,
age 75, a Mexican war veteran, a Califor
nia pioneer of 1843 and member of the
bear flag party, died at the Veterans'
Home yesterday.
NEW TO-DAY CLOTHING.
W I TH YO U R ~~~
iIPKi EYES SHUT!
"S^^C'^^^^F You need no guide in the Big Store; you needn't
i^S^^^oiSki& even be a judge.
y-»^9BBi9H This Challenge Sale of ours given forth this week
<S> : V lS^&^B^|'. dispenses with all judgment of clothing. The only
{( question is : Have you $9? And with if do you wish
s>*J&^M2M W9 to purchase goods worth $18, SI 7 and $16 ? '
umWßst H^"** you c : a " wander through the Big Store, through the
vLt^BI R?/fr/»; piles of fashionable Clothing, where the fashionable
v v people trade, and lay your fingers on dressy Suits,
fC*? >£• g/ \^ hundreds of em, dressy Overcoats, be fitted by sales-
* ** men, and pay
xxx $9.00-
O 0 0 JTV have challenged our competitors to put up like
0 0 0 values, like styles, like assortment, but they hold their
0 0 0 silence : they will neither put up, but we have made
"* * '^ 'em shut up.
KB MB UtotSj unW jMtMr Mfk £r&
m^^^4^.^^g Don't you know it requires V»
======1 \b£s^=_____ -" — — ' nerve to take such fine Suits and \i
(_,X^3^ ~~ ~ Overcoats, the very cream of our
T !-• ex C\ 4- stock, and say It's Birthday Week with us.
1 lie UVerCOcltS q>Q HO Sunday we'll be five years old.
Arc awfully swell— the Cre- *"""vpa.Uy- M and we'll do a great many
ations of swell tailors— FOR PICK. things this iveek that we shan't
fine English Kerseys with Jhe very Everest of tailor- 0 7Ltance-we place on sale
deep Velvet Collars, 111 blues ™f*J™ * ™ ™ ° l<l l some very clever Worsted Trou*-
and blacks. . J[/™ t'%? S'T'i ? lU % a^ *rs, cleZrly tailored, in neat,
a j? 77 7 tv Black Twills, English Twill \ j j. •
Some awfully clever Rer- Ser , eSt irl nea ' ove ; plaids £%£ M^teel stripes
sey Overcoats in tans and dress,, Cutaway, Single and ] V VT att ,Tf ?! d ft
drabs, garments that are Double Breasted Sacks, clever 22 *%? <\ ?* £? b <"" e ' bIU .
worth all the ivay up to garments all of em, Suits that we re goino to sell cm to-daii at
worth all the way up to . garments all of 'em, Suits that\
$18, at the Challenge price have sold all the way up to $18, *™*R 1 lO—
of ;.^^-A_ at the Challenge price, V|y li 1 v/
Q^d f|f\ G^ d It's ridiculous to quote such a
I^J \Jr m V.X V^ ■ \T} kJ ■ V_y V_^ ■ small price for fine trousers, ■
fl . .- ' j ,-. ain't it? But we're doing it this
, Our corner Window IS me Our big corner window speaks week, as it's Birthday Week
speaker of the house, volumes. with us.
(INCORPORATED),
Frisco's Biggest and Most Popular Store,
9, 11, 13 and 15 Kearny Street.
34
STREETCAR FARES
WILL NOT BE CUT
Braunhart's Bill Fails of
Final Passage in the
Senate.
The Measure Provokes One of
the Most Interesting Debates
of the Session.
S x Members Favor and Thirty-Three
Record Their Votes Against
Its Passage.
SACKAMENTO, Cal., Feb. IS.—Street
car fares in !?an Francisco will not be re
duced at this session of the Legislature.
Braunhart's much-discussed and equally
much-amended bill failed of final passage
in the Senate this morning by an over
whelming vote, and none of its friends
saw even enough hope ahead to warrant a
change of vote and a notice of reconsider
ation, to it is as dead as liickens' door
nail.
It provoked one of the warmest and
most interesting debates of tne session,
and evoked what was one of the highest
individual oratorical displays since the
disposition of the United States Senatorial
question. To Senator Wolfe of San Fran
cisco fell the honor of >peaker eloquent
He took up the gauge of battle against the
measure immediately on the close of
Braunhart's opening argument, and
though he occupied but a fraction of the
lime of nis predecessor he had the sym
pathy of house and lobby with him when
he resumed his seat.
Withington, Mahoney, Morehouse,
Smith and Bert came to Wolfe's support,
while Braunhart had the distinction of
being the sole champion of the ill-lated
measure.
The measure, which provides for a re
duction of streetcar fares from 5 cents
each to eight for 25 cents, was the first
on the third-reading rile this morning. It
had passed the scrutiny of the Committee
on Corporations and the San Francisco
delegation, and the adverse report of the
Committee on Rules and Revision, sub
mitted this morning, was theretors in the
nature of a bombshell to the author of
the measure. The bill was declared by
tins report to be unconstitutional.
Braunhart saw all his hopes and ambi
tions shattered in this new turn of affair?,
and his bitter disappointment found vent
in strong denunciation, though on strictly
parliamentary lines, of the members of
the offending committee. Withington,
the chairman of that committee, and
Dicfcinson were especially singled out by
the irate Senator. He severely criticized
the action of Withington in withholding
an adverse report until the last moment,
and declared that the opinion of two or
dinary lawyers (referring to the Senators
from Mann and San Diego, respectively)
had little weight with him as to the con
stitutionality of a bill. He charged that
similar measures had been passed by the
Senate and had been voted for by the
Senators mentioned.
Braunhart cited facts and figures which
he claimed showed that the street rail
ways, and especially the Market-street
Company, could stand the reduction con
templated. Pretended Jnends of the
measure, tie charged, had stabbed it in the
back, and efforts had been made to kill it
in committee. He declared that while
not one of the hundreds of thousands of
men, women and children who wou'd be
benefited by the passage of this bill had
been -ent here to i-namrion their cause,
the coupon-clipper, the stock-jobber and
the Lenenciary of watered stock had been
here to "browbeat and intimidate," and
t.Mat fake petition?" and meetings of clubs
had b6en called 10 the attention of com
mittees to influence them against the
measure. He made light of the opposi
tion of the railroad employes, and asserted
that their fears of reductions in salaries
were unfounded, judging from past ex
periments of this kind in other cities.
Senator Wolfe began by statinjj mat be
would refrain from discussing the matter
from a constitutional standpoint and con
tinued :
"I shall not attempt to re;>ly to the slurs
and sneers of ray colleague. We ought to
be honest in our views upon questions
presented to us. 1 want to say that no -
withstanding all the gentleman has said,
I rise in opposition to this measure.
"The gentleman has magnified the im
portance of this proposition. You would
think alter listening to him that bun
Francisco had risen en masse in favor of
this bill — that the men and women and
children were standing upon the high
ways and byway* waiting lor this Senate
to come to their relief and pass the
Braunhart 2) j-cent bill.
"1 have no telegrams in my possession
asking for the passage of this measure. 1
have not been even spoken to by any one
in reference to this measure, except by
those men who are here to-day — those
men to whom the Senator sneeringly al
luded to as "thesie gripmen and conduct
or?.' 1 have been spoken to by these men,
and I say that I will submit to their judg
ment. I will place their intelligence side
by side with that of the gentleman who
has just taken his seat. I will take their
judgment and word in preference to his
unsupported statement on the floor of the
Sen:tie.
"These 'few griprnen and conductors'
who receive The 'high wuiies' of $2 50 per
day represent 4000 ur 5000 in San Fran
cisco, who by tnelr earnings upon the
streetcars raise families and educate their
children. These few men represent as in
telligent ana hard-workins: a class of la
boring men as can be found in any city of
the world.
'They came here in opposition to that
bill, and the only message that has been
sent to me is the message that the gentle
man al9O received. That was a petition,
signed by over 3000 of Uiese men, protest
ing against the measure. In the di-trict
which I have the honor to represent there
reside between 600 and 700 of these men,
ana four or five railways have their
termini In my district. Upon the petition
here to-day are the eignatures of 500 or
600 of my constituents asking me to op
pose this measure, and I support their
views without fear of the danger of being
misconstrued in ban Francisco.
"My belief is that t is bill is in the
direct interest of the Market-street rail
road and that no other railroad will bene
fit from it. The remaining street railroads
in San Francisco that are now indepen
dent and competing lines will be wiped
out. These will be absorbed by the Mar
ket-street Railway Company. It means
further than that, and I base my asser
tions upon the judpment of these men
who represent organized labor. I think
that the result of this will be to reduce
their wages. They believe it and I believe
it with tnem, and therefore I am opposed
to this measure.
"I have spoken lately, while to San
Francisco, to all classes of people, and
they were not people who hold stock in
any of the street railroad corporations,
and I found the almost unanimous senti
ment among the laboring man and the
business men to be opposed to this meas
ure, and I nm going to take tneir judg
ment and view upon this matter without
considering tbose of the distinguished
Senator wno has just preceded me."
He declared that the h-utro and Presidio
roads would be compelled to fro oat of
business, and that this w*a an attempt to
slap at the Market-street road let it hurt
whomever it may. In conclusion he said:
"I hope the Senators will not be carried
away by the style of argument indulged
by the gentleman. The measure is not
one that is in demand by the people of
San Francisco. Those who live in the
crowded districts of San Francisco are not
the ones" who u*e the streetcars. The
crowded districts are where the laboring
classes reside, and these crowded districts
are easy of access to the places where
these people are employed. 1 hope this
measure will be defeated."
Withington attempted to point out the
unconstitutionally of the measure, de
claring it was special legislation in favor
of the people of San Francisco.
-Mationey presented the petition of the
San Francisco streetcar employes protest
ing against the passage of the bill.
Morehouse denounced too measure as
an attempt to regulate fares without an
effort having been mad.* to determine
whether they would be just and lair.
"This legislation," he sai.i, "i* intended
to Dreak down the streetcar system of San
Francisco and injure the suburban resi
dents by compelling the railroad-* which
they now patronize to go out of tuisiness.
"What is this bill!" he exclaimed. "It
should be headed entirely different— a bill
to enable some gentleman to iiave an op
portunity to hear the gallery bark when
he attacks the railroad corporations. He
stands here against the signed petition of
thousands of railroad employes.
"I am satisfied," he concluded, with
great vehemence, "that the intelligence,
the honesty, the uprightness of this Sen
ate cannot indorse so luminous and con
temptible a piece of legation as intro
duced by t::e gentleman from San Fran
cisco."
Smith said be thought the bill was a
proper one and that lie would be pleased
to vote for it, but there was nothing in
evidence to show that the proposed re
duction was fair and justified.
Bert stated that ha coincided with the
views of Wolfe and would vole against the
bili. .
Braunhart in closing denied that the
measure was directed against tbe Market
street Company in any spirit of vindic
tiveness. In conclusion lie said: "The
battle has just begun. This is but a mere
skirmish on behalf of th - people and tbe
masses. The day will come when the
corporations will be made to bow to the
will of the people."
Wolfe, in a sort of amen" tone, arose
and lesponded: "1 hope that day will
soon come," and the debate was over.
The bill was defeated by a vote of 6 ayes
to S3 noes, Liuder alone being absent.
Those voting with Braunhart were:
Dwyer, Hall. La Rue, Seawell and Toner.
Braunhart was nearly heartbroken over
his defeat.
.: Sit.yiJiJ.l ltUlll>E.
Measures Patted Upon in the Upper
lluiine at f>aeramento.
SACRAMENTO, Cat,., Feb. 18.— In the
Assembly this morning .North's concur
rent resolution, appointing a joint com
mittee consisting of three Senators and
three Assemblymen to investigate the
f public printing office, came back from the
1 Senate amended so as to strike out the
j clause appointing experts and account
: ants. The House unanimously refused
! to concur in the amendment, and insisted
! upon the experts and accountants, two to
be named by the majority and the others
by the minority. The resolution, in this
i !>hape, was- sent back to the Senate.
Ti.e Assembly agree.l to the Senate
! amendments to Assembly bill No. 22.
Tne bill appropriating $20,000 lor con
! tingent expenses of the Assembly came up
and after Caminetti had presented a state
ment of figures tending to show that this
j session was the most extravagant in the
> history of the State the bill was passed by
I a party vote.
The Aseerubly passed Bulla's Senate bill
! prohibiting the marriage of divorced per-
I sons within a year after the decree of di
vorce was granted.
Dry den's constitutional amendment No.
1 was laid before the Assembly, and alter
i some debate, and without disposing of the
i bill, the Assembly passed the following
bills: Flint's bill concerning the distribu
j tion of estates, Eeawell's'oill relating to
I judgments, Stratton's Senate bill regulat
, ing the interest charges to be made by
! mutual loan and building associations
j and Sea well's bill to legalize certain ac
; knowledgements.
The Assembly this afternoon passed
I Senate bills protecting carrier pigeons,
regulating and controlling the sale, rental
or distribution of appropriated water, and
securing right of way for conveyance of
such water to the place of use.
lie man introduced a resolution pro
; viding for a junketing committee con
sisting of three members of the Way and
Means Committee and three of the Com
i mittee of Public Buildings to visit San
I Luis Obispo and Agnews asylums and
i the Santa Clara Normal School. It was
! carried.
The Assembly bill providine for the or-
I ganization and government of irrigation
districts passed.
The following Assembly bills on the urp
i ency ii!e were read a second and third time
i and passed by the Assembly to-night:
I Making an appropriation of $11,000 to fur
l nish the office of tie clerk of the Supreme
j Court; making an appropriation of $1153
to pay the funeral expenses of Lieutenant-
Governor Millard; appropriating $4(> to
i pay the claim of Giorge E. Lawrence for
! services at Millard's funeral; appropriat
! ing $5000 to pay the deficiency in the ap-
I propriation for repairs to the Capitol build
in? and for lurniture, etc.; appropriating
$4787 to the Examiner for publishing con
stitutional amendments; prescribing the
manner of locating mining claims; pro
viding: the filing of boundaries within
sixty days after locating; providing for
recording notices of the location of mining
claims; relating to the duties of the boards
of supervisors respecting roads.
J) fcJVA\E,R I VMS rVLQARITY.
Engage* in n r )-f Famttag* at Anna
ffith M< (i hit n.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Feb. 18. — The
usual fight over the State printing appro
priation came up to-day on Assembly
concurrent resolution No. 6, which had
been returned from the Senate with the
clause knocked out which allowed the
minority of the Investigation Committee
the appointment of a printing expert and
an accountant. Dennery ana Price favored
the Senate amendment. Thereupon Shan
ahan charged them with being biased
against the minority, they being members
of tha Investigation Committee.
"Tile remarks made by the gentleman
from Shasta are false as ," shouted
Dennery. shaking a loaded and cocked
forefinger at Bbanahan, who physically
would make two of Dennery. Shanahan
arose to his full height and bravely thun
dered back his willingness to meet Den
nery on any proposition that he! might se
lect.
The Assembly refused to concur in the
Senate's amendment.
To fi*ttl* thn Printing Office btrlft.
SACRAMENTO, Cal.. Feb. 18._ The
joint judiciary committee this evening
appointed a committee consisting of Sen
ators Morebouse, Gillette and Seaweli
and Assemblymen Dibble. Way mire and
Caminetti to draft a bill for an appropria
tion of $75,000 for the State printing
office, which bill will be expressed in sued
terms as to meet with the approval of the
majority ana the minority and insure the
signature of the Governor.
AMftilt Up, n I mil Ay.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Feb. 18. — Emil
Ney, an attache of Assembly, the reputed
descendant of Marshal Ney and the sup
posed heir to $13,000,000, was assaulted by
two men in the corridor of the State capi
tol this evening, but succeeded in putting
them to flight by drawing his revolver.
Ney claims that the two men have been
following him for some time, and have
repeatedly attempted personal violence
against him.
TO CI'KK A COLU IS ONE DAY.
Take laxative Bromo Quinine Tablets. All drug
C iats reluad tut money i it nils to euro, ii&c
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 19, 1897.
ADDED REVENUE
FOR BERKELEY
Senate Passes the Bill Im
posing a Tax of One
Cent.
Its Supporters Confident That It
Will Be Signed by the
Governor.
Blue aud God Adrrn the Capitol in
H r nor of the University's
V.ctory.
SACRAM£NTO, Cal.. Feb. 18.—Sena
tors, Assemblymen, State officers, news-
I aper men, legislative attaches, pages,
lobbyists, and in fact nearly every one —
ladies included — about the spacious Capi
tol building, sported the colors of the Uni
versity of California to-day in honor of
the passage through the Senate of the bill
giving that institution the increased rev
enue to be derived from an additional I
cent taxation.* The bill has already passed
the Assembly, and is said to be certain of
the npDroval of the Governor. Blue and
gold not only hung from the lapels of
nearly every individual, but the desks of
the President of the Senate and of the
Speaker of tbe House were decorated with
ribbons of the same hue.
So jubilant were the repressntatives of
the university who are here, and who
aided in gaining the victory for tbe insti
tution, that they exhausted the local
market of its supply of blue and yellow
ribbons in the desire to spread in their
unique way the good news.
It is a matter of deepest gratification to
the university that this measure has been
passed, and the news probably came with
added welcome to Professor Le Conte, who
to-day celebrated his golden wedding an
niversary at the Mart Hopkins Institute
of Art. It will lorever obviate the un
pleasant necessity of the regents and the
faculty of the institution going before the
Legislature as supplicants or maintaining
a lobby at the Capitol. Among the
strongest supporters of the measure were
Senator Stratton and Assemblyman
Wright, both of Alameda County.
At the present time the annual income
of the university is about $175,000. Of this
$50,000 comes from private endowments,
and the additional 1 cent will increase
this total to $300,000 jer annum. Of this
amount about $60,000 will be set aside for
ten years as a building fund, and there
will, therefore, at the end of that period be
$600,000 at the disposal of the university
f t the construction of new buildings.
The remainder of the extra appropriation
will be applied to improving the present
accommodations ot the students and in
increasing the uumber of instructors.
REJOICING AT H£IiKKLt.Y.
Faculty and Stndttit* Welcome the -Vtr»
BERKELEY, Cal., Feb. 18.— There was
great rejoicing at the State University
this afternoon when the news cam* that
the measure known as the Wright bill had
passed the Senate and was in readiness for
the signature of the Governor. Great
reason haJ they to be glad, for when the
bill is once signed and becomes a lan- it
will mean that the revenue from the
State will be just doubled. Two dis
patches bringing the glad tidings came
simultaneously from Senator Strattonand
Assemblyman Wright. These missives of
joy to tna facuitv and students read as
follows:
Satkamfnto, C*l., Feb. I^. 1897.
Pretident Martin Kt'iogg, Berkeley, Cat.: The
university bul passed me Senatij by a unani
mous vote. V. B. .- tkatton.
Sacramento, Cal., Feb. IS, 1897.
Praideni Ma tin AW.O'ig, Jlerkrlcy, tnl : The
Senate repeated the experience received by
university In Assembly and passed bill by
unanimous vole. I have blue and gold peu
for Governor to sign with.
Howard K. Wright.
When they were posted on tne bullelin
board a great crowd gathered to read tha
goluen words and soon the news began
spreading like wild fare. At once Presi
dent Kston of the Associated Students
Mat out the announcement that the stu
dent body would give a bi? celebration
next week in honor of the Governor and
legislators.
A grand review of the cadet companies
will be held and exercises will be carried
on in the gymnasium, at which speeches
from tbe Governor, President Kellogg and
prominent alumni will be made.
When the bill becomes a law tbe income
of tbe university from the state will be in
the neighborhood of $250,000 a year. In
stead of aoout $125,000, as at preient. This
doubling of tbe State revenue is to be i er
neiual, although half of the increased
amount will go toward buildings and gen
eral improvements for the first len years*.
Tbe professors and students loot upon
the passage of the bill as the dawn of a
new era for the university.
INITIATIVE AND REFERENDUM.
Reforms Proposed by the Populists Are
Discussed by the Members of
the Assembly.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Feb. 18.—Popu
lism, socialism and the little Swiss Repub
lic had their field day in the Assembly
this morning. Danton Dryden, Marat
McClelUn and Robespierre Landsborougn,
assisted by Citizens CartwrightandToland
and the Chevalier Cutter from the historic
dam of the Yuba, concentrated their
forces upon Louis Philippe Dibble, and ior
an hour the Assembly Chamber re
sounded with debate on a matter, not of
partisans ip, but on an issue overturning
the corner-stone of the Bute Government.
The subject was three constitutional
amendments— Nos. 1, 2 and 3 — introduced
by Dryden of San Diego, their purpose be
ing to introduce into the governmental
system the initiative and " referendum.
Amendment No. 1 provides that when
ever 20 per cent of the voters of the State
shall petition the Governor to submit to
the people any amendment to the consti
tution of the State the Governor must ad
vertise the same at least 40 days before a
general election, and the amendment must
be voted on by the people.
After ratification by the people no power
can reverse their judgment or do away
with the amendment, unless by the same
means by which it was adopted, namely,
a vote of the people.
Constitutional amendment No. 2 pre
cribes a 20 per cent petition to the Legis
lature on laws and statutes which the
petitioners desire submitted to the peo
ple. No. 3 provides that ordinances, or
ders, etc., of Boards of County Sup r
visors and City Councilmen must be sub
mitted to the people in like manner on a
20 per cent petition.
Dryden made a lenethy speech on the
amendments. Their adoption, he said,
would putify politics and be a relief to the
people, who were too olten misrepresented
by tbeir representatives and tco often at
the mercy of powerful and unscrupulous
corporations.
Dibble of Sao Francisco characterized
the amendments as a proposal to revolu
tionise the present system ©i government
ana wipe out the constitution. The meas
ure was a condemnation of the men who
bad framed constitutions in every State in
the Union, and was a condemnation also
of constitutional government as it now
existed i:i all parts of the world except in
one of the cantons of Switzerland. It
was one of the most revolutionary nnd
dangerous proposals thatcouid be brought
to the attention of a legislative body.
Dibbie added that he did not believe
that a democracy was curable of govern
in^ itself except by a ripies.entative sys
tem, and tiiat not even the wisest people
on the face of the earth have the power to
frame laws in assemblages except by the
representative system. He could not con
ceive how tuo^e three amendments could
result in anything less than confusion and
disaster. Nothing less could come from
the adoption into the governmental sys
tem of the initiative and referendum.
During the present session the members
bad had one of the most striking illustra
tions of the wonhiessness of government
by petition. Every member of tne Assem
bly had signed petition after petition un
til the tbing had become nauseating.
He could go into any district in the
State to-morrow and could pel a petition
signed by 20 t>er cent of the voters to hang
any man in California. He cnusd go into
the saloons, the slums and the byways
and pet 20 per c-nt of the voters to sign
petitions for anything.
The assertion of Mr. Dryden that after
the Legislature adjourned ttie people con
demned the statutes that had been
adopted, Mr. Dibble termed unfounded.
On the contrary, no really bad laws had
been passed by ihe Legislature of the State
of California. It was really wonderful to
tind how few bad measures had slipped
through the Legislature. '
"I know that our politics neel reforma
tion," added Mr. D.bble. "I know tiiat
many men elected ts representatives aro
not just to the people; I know that there is
corruption in our politics; but the remedy
is not to destroy the work of Washington,
Jefferson and Adams, but to reform our
politics by becinning at the primary elec
tions and building up and sustaining the
American system of government by politi
cal parties. It is to give to the people a
good primary election law. Our present
system is the best system of government
that the sun has ever shone upon."
McClellan (Populist) from Kinsjs County
arose to reply. He is a tall, well-built
man, with a dark beard und a good voice,
and displayed himself to more advantage
than he had ever ifone before during the
present session. He began in a sarcastic
vein, when he remarked that it seemed to
him from the argument by Mr. Dibble
that all the intelligence and" morality in
the State of California were to be found
within the four walls of this Legislature.
Without intending to make any personal
r< flections upon his fellow-members of the
Assembly he said they must admit that
the history of the last four weeks' session
made Mr. Dibble's statement a very severe
reflection upon the people of California.
He went on:
"I believe that any government that has
ever met with success, or ever will meet
with success, will derive its powers irora
the governed. Whenever the people have
been given the privilege of making known
their choice upon any question, that
choice has been wise and well taken, as in
the case of tbe adoption of the new con
stitution. That is one way in which im
portant matters may be brought before
tue people devoid of partisanship. Under
caucus rule tbe man placed before the peo
ple for their suffrage is not — four times
out of five — the choice of the people."
Toland of Ventura made a speech which
demonstrated that when a man is talking
upon some broad principle, which ha be
lieves in, he can do much botter than
when helping place-hunting Democrats
to filibuster and obstruct legislation. He
began by asking why the people couid
make constitutions and not unmake them.
"When we consider the canJidatcs put
forth as the choice of tne people," he said,
"and the means by which they become
the so-called choice of the people — some
times by false pretenses— we find that they
come to the balls of legi.-iation represent
ing their own private Interests. In the
making of statutes they lepresont other
interests than those of the people at large.
When we look, over the whole field and
see bow legislation is done, when we see
tiow that hash called law is compounded,
I think that the remark of Mr. Dibble that
this substituting the individual will for
the will of the people making laws is a
ridiculous proposition. How do you >;et
to me masses of the people except by ask
ing the individuals of the people to vote
upon the proposition? No harm can ever
come from the direct submis-ionofthe.se
laws of general operation and letting the
people pass upon them.
"I believe also that when once the peo
ple have passed upon a law no Legisla
ture—no power on carth — should be
allowed to reverse that solemn verdict of
the people unless by the same meaus by
which it had been made — namely, the
vote of the people."
Cartwright (Fusionlst) from .Fresno ad
vanced some radical ideas, lie said thai,
Washington, Jefferson and Adams lived a
long time aco, and it was now proposed to
improve upon their plans. The plan was
not revolutionary.
"We will still continuo to elect men to
represent us in the Senate and Assembly,
but we reserve the rigut to compel them
to refer their acts back to us for our deci
sion. I believe that the adoption of this
resolution would absolutely prevent all
corrupt influences in legislative matters.
No man would be willing to lobby any
measure through this Assembly when he
would afterward have 10 go back to the
people and lobby it there al«o.
''The gentleman from San Francisco saye
it will revolutionize this Government. I
hope to God it will, for there is not a Gov
ernment on the face of the earth where
misery and want are more prevalent than
under this. The gentleman classes the
men who advocate this measure as dema
gogue?, but I say that there nerer was a
man in the world who was not a dema
gogue on tirst presenting a reform. The
heterodoxy of to-day becomes ihe ortho
doiv of fo-morrow. I despise that con
servatism whirh clings to the old things
until the o!d things become rotten.
"Wendell Phillips said that no reform
ever came from the upper classes of the
people. Thi» is an age of progress, of in
ventions in mechanics and diacoveriea in
science that revolutioniz9 all our indus
tries, and those changes have brought
changes in the people, and the-e demand
as radical changes in government."
LandaborougE of Sacramento followed
in a similar vein. On motion of Cart
wright, seconded by Cutter, the amend
ments were amended by requiring the pe
titions to be signed by 30 per cent of the
voters instead of 20 percent. The amend
ments were read a eecond time and sent
to the printer.
TKBdCEI'S KILL PASSED.
Creates a Paid fire Department in San
Pmnetico.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Feb. 18.—Trea
cey's bill to create a paid fire department
in San Francisco, placing its control with
the Board of Supervisors, which was de
feated last Thursday, and subsequently
reconsidered, was taken up and finally
passed in the Senate this afternoon, and
Immediately sent to the Governor.
Tne fish and game law bill passed the
Senate as amended. Assembly bills 456
t0. 458 inclusive were refused a second
reading. The Senate bill relating to th
foreclosure of delinquent purchasers of
State lands passed. Senate bills providing
for the distribution of community prop
erty estates of deceased persons to the
widow, and also the bill making the ex
pense oi securing bonds by administrators
or executors payable as expenses of ad
ministration were lost.
MRS. CONEY DEAD.
Wife or the Mexican Consul Expires
After an Operation.
Mrs. Rosalia L. de Covey, wife of Alex
ander K. Coney, the Mexican Consul,
died at her residence in ibis City last
evening.
She had undergone a dangerous opera
tion, and the strain upon her system was
too great.
The deceased was a native of Guadala
jara, Mexico, and was 52 years el agt.
SOCIETY'S HELPING HAND TO
REACH TOWARD ORPHAN BOYS
Theatrical Entertainment to Be Given March i in Aid
of the New Armitage Home in
This City.
Sickness in the San Mateo
Home Sadly Taxing
Funds.
ACTORS EEHEARSING " CASTE."
Fanny Rice Will Sell at Auction the
Boxes for the Comedy at the
California.
Society is to appear on the stage at the
California Theater fora worthy cause, and
the DUblic is to be looked to for the sup
port that the movement merits.
Over 100 parentless little boys must be
sheltered and properly reared. Organized
charity has not the funds to carry on the
work unaided.
The Bishop Armitage Church Orphan
age, in order not to lose any more legacies
by reason of being situated without the
legal bounds of i?an Francisco, has estab
lished permanent headquarters in this
City at the corner of Folsom and Second
streets.
With but $800 in the treasury, and a
The New City Headquarters of the Bishop Armitage Orphanage,
at the Corner of Second and Folsom Streets. As the Marl
borough It Was a Very Fashionable Boarding-House a
Quarter of a Century Ago. It Will Ec the Home of Over a
Hundred Parentless Little Boys.
largo number of sick children to be cared
for at the Ban Mateo home, the present
situation is one that appeals to thoss who
know the facts.
There are eighty boys now living in the
new quarters. They were transferred a
week aeo from the orphanage at San
Mateo. Workmen are still busily en
gaged in adapting the house to its new
occupants, but by the end of another
week the necessary fire escapes and the
additional stairways and partitions will
have been completed and the exterior of
the building repainted.
The house was built many years ago for
a fashionable boarding- place. It was
lint called The Marlborougb, and by that
name was tbe synonym a quarter of a
century ago for gentility among the
higher class boardine-houses of the City.
In later years it was known as The Belve
dere, and latterly was used as a cheap
rooming-houae.
It is well adapted to the use to which it
is henceforth to be put. Wilh sixty-two
rooms and many outside windows open
ing on two streets, it can accommodate as
many as 150 boys.
Tbe building is to be used as a home for
the little ones and as an Orphanage Home
for those boys who have attained the age
of 11 and are at work in the City.
Tbe Orphans.cc Home will have its en
trance on Second streat and will be a dis
tinct institution, kept so by means bf par
titions dividing the buildings into two
parts. For some little time past the home
for these older boys has been at 831 Fulton
street. When it was first organized in
November, ISOS, it was situated at 709
Powell street. The idea of such a home is
to care for the young boys and to help
them along on their meager wages untii
t..ey are better able to struggle alone for
a livelihood.
The State allows $75 a year for the
maintenance of a half orphan and $100 a
year for that of a full orphan. This State
aid in the aggregate pays a large part of
tbe running expenses of the institution.
But there would be a big annual deficit
were nothing forthcoming from churches
and individuals.
There are 178 orphans in the Armitage
to-day, not including the nineteen work
ing boys past the age of 14, who are liv
ing at the Orphanage Home.
From the State the Armitage gets
about $10,000 a year; from private and
church subscriptions about $8000 more.
All of this is required for expenses
Last year through & decision of the Su
preme Court the orphanage, because it
was situated in San Mateo, was declared
inellcible to a legacy of $10,000 as a San
Francisco charitable institution, thougo
its offices are here and 75 per cent of the
orphans are from San Fraucisco.
The children in the new home go to the
neighboring public schools and the kinder
garten during the day. In the early morn
ing they help about the housework and in
the cv- ning they prepare their lessons for
the next day. Otherwise they have noth
ing to do.
To aid this worthy work a theatrical en
tertainment will be given at the California
on Monday evening. March 1.
The play will be "Caste," Tom Robert
son's charming comedy. The principal
actors will be M.ss Leila Burton, daughter
of Captain Burton of the Presidio; Miss
Rose Hooper, daughter of Major Hoonpr
of tne Occidental; Miss Robeson, and j.
C. WiJson Jr., Seiden Stuart, Charles Dick
man and Frank Norris, familiar faces i-i
society circles.
On February 27, at 11 a. m., the boxes
will be told at auction at tne California
Thoaler by Miss Fanny Rice.
No More 1 rivute loutracti.
Ibe Street Committee ol the Board ol Su-
pervlsors decided yesterday to recommend
that no permits for street work by private con
tract shall be Issued later than March 1. The
committee has also decided to recommend the
paving of First avenue with bitumen, from
Fulton to Washington street; also the con
struction of stone sidewalks on Guerrero
street, from Nineteenth to Twentieth; on
Eighteenth street, from Valencia to Guerrero;
aUo p unt sidewalks on Sanchez street, from
Army to Twenty-ninth, and sewers in Clem
ent street, irom Twenty-iouria to Twenty
sixth.
NOT PAETED JN DEATH.
Julien -VI .it hi i- n and Hit Wife Marianue
Were liuried logethur.
In life they were tender and true to each
other ana as if loath to leave one to
mourn the other's departure the dread
reaper's sickle tovered their cords of life
at nearly the same time.
That expresses succinctly the life and
death history of Julien Mathieu, aged 73,
and his wife, Marianne, aged G9.
Juliea Maihieuand hiß wile Uved at 2420
Buchanan street. They were English by
birth and had been married for thirty-five
years. Many years ago they came to Napa
City, where "Mathieu was cashier of the
Napa Bank.
About eighteen or twenty years ago they
came to this City so that their boys could
enjoy better facilities for securing an edu
cation. Since that time they have re
mained here.
Four years ago the husband was stricken
with loeomoter ataxia, and last Sunday
! evening the old man died. Marianne, the
wife, who hod been constantly by his bed
side up to a lew days prior to his death, had
fallen ill with pneumonia. When her
husband died the news was carefully kept
from her.
Tuesday morning the relatives and
friends of the deceased husband and
j father gathered %t St. Luke's Episcopal
j Church to hear the burial sprvice read by
{ Rev. Dr. W. H. Moreland. When the
service was over the casket was returned
to Gray Bros.' undertaking establishment.
The tirst news that greeted those cross
! ing the threshold on their way home from
the funeral was that the mother had died.
She had joined her husband while the
] burial service was in progress. Wednes«
! day morning service over her remains was
performed at St. Luke's, and the cortege
proceeded to Cypress Lawn Cemetery on
the electric cars, where the husband's
body had been taken and laid in the
{ chapel.
Then they were tenderly carried by the
! pallbearers and reposed in the grave side
by side.
INTERSTATE COURSING.
Hounds From East and West Will
Contest lor Handsome
Prizes.
The Drawing Ii by Far Much the
Largest That Has Evar Taken
Placa in Thij City.
The Interstate Cam-sing Club will give a
two days' meeting at Ingleside park, com
mencing on Sunday and ending on Mon
day. The owners of fast running grey
hounds in parts of the State where cours
ing is iudulejed in as a means of sport
have promised to be represented at the
meeting, in person or by proxy. Several
dogs from the kennels of StocKton, Mer
ced, San Jose, Sacramento, Petaluma,
Valle jo and Los Angeies will be included
among the entries and it goes witeout
saying that the wise guessers will have a
merry time calling the winner of the cud
in the old dog slake. The drawing took
place last evening at Delta Hall, on Mar
ket strtet, and a most enthusiastic gather
ing of spor tsmen was present.
Thia will be the second annual contest
for the John Grace cup ana tirst i.rize,
which amounts to |300 in cash. Last year
the cup was won by Robinson and Pav
ton s dog Fearnot, and, as tne same canine
Is entered again, its owners seemin-ly <io
not fear the result notwithstanding that
the speedy animal will face the warmest
kind of company on this occasion.
Some oJ the Eastern dogs that will enter
the slips are said to b* fivers, and it would
not surprise the talent to see an Eastern
•printer cutting down the Shamrocks on
tne lng.ies.de coursing sward in the final
round oi the great annual meeting.
Tommy Hall, prince of the Merced cours
ing lraternity, will have three "lightning
strikers" in the old dog stake, aud as
lomray is a keen observer his judgment
on coursing matters is always sought after
by those who fancy having a little of the
lon* green on the general result. Be
sides Fearnot, Robinson and Peyton will
have Royal Buck, Flying Buck and toas
ter Glenkirk represented m the rac«S for
the cup.
Rosseter and Baxtel will enter Emm
Fasha, Wayfarer, Ben Hur and Brandon
■Bell, all of which dogrs represent the pur
est blood of greyhound stock.
Devine of Sacramento will nave a first
class dog in the all age stake, alsr» one in
the sapling and puppy stakes. Spring of
ban Jose is of tne opinion that the cup
will go to the Garden City this time, as he
has a cracker- jack which he says cannot
be defeated by any stock. Curtis of San
Jose has also a good doa in tne held.
Healy of Petaluma has two grand dogs
Which arointhe pink of condition; he
will be a most disappointed man if one of
the number is not in witt the "flyerb" in
the final ties.
Grace and Dpan will have two gra«3
cuiteis in the big stake from whom much
is expected. In fact, only dogs that have
been thoroughly tried out md found to be
top notcbers, will run in the big stake,
consequently the cour-ing should be the
best that has been wiuiessec at Inglesida
park in many days.
The all-ape stake cup was presented to
the club last year by the w«ll-known
judge John Grace, and th» conditions
that will govern the contests of Sunday
and Monday are the same as those of last
year. The cup will remain the property of
the club until it is won three 'imes by a
doa or dogs representing the sane kennel.
A gentleman who is well and favorably
known to the coursing people o! this City
has presented the club with a aandsome
cup, valued at $150, which will be com
peted for by the sapiine* only and under
the same conditions as govern tte all-age
cup. The cup is to be named after the
winning dog at the comin .- meeting.
If the hares will prove to be as good
runners as me managers of the park
states then the sportsmen can count
upon seeing the £,raas fly on Sunday and
Monday.
The Interstate Club will give a dinn«r
to the coursing people of this City and
State on Saturday evening. The invita
tions read as follows:
The annual dinner of the Interstate Cours
ing Club will be neld at 317 Pine street, next
Saturday evening, commencing at 8:30
o'clock.
You are expected to be present and assist
the committee in making this a most success
iul and enjoyable affair. "We want you. ma
honey, yea, we do." Don't miss it or you'll bo
sorry by-and-by.
There'll be feasting, toasting, singing and
"doggie talk" to no end. If you can assist in
any way you must come prepared, for "we'll
call you."
After the card has been called you will havo
an opportunity of "saying" who'll win tha
cup— a la "long shot."
I. F. Halton, Secretary.
The drawing took place last evening
and resulted as follows:
The following is the draw for the Inter
state Club meeting at Ingleside for Sun
day and Monday: .
Said Pasha vs. Eclipsa, Valley Maid vs. Bar>
cosfa, Sam vs. Moondyne, Bed of Stone vs.
Llsrak, Susie vs. Laurel wood, Beatrice ts.
Brandon Belie, Wayfarer vs. BlacJcstone, Royal
Buck vs. Mohawk, Arapahoe vs. Flashlight,
Sainnerton vs. Emm Pasha, Commodore vs.
Magnet, St. Lawrenoe vs. Skyball, Master Glen-
Kirk vs. S;y Boy, Old Glory vs. Seniority, Fly-
Ing Buck vs. Grace Darling, Kitty Scott vs.
Fear Not, Nelly Conroy vs. Busy Bee, Sinaloa
vs. West Side, Granuale vs. Blue Rock.
Prizes: $300, $150, $75, $37 50, $37 50.
Pjppy— liuzel Glen vs. Lord Lurgen, Nelly
Daly vs. Alice D, El Dorado vs. Tessle Fair,
Forget-me-not vs. Conncmara, Myrtle vs.
Charming Widow, Miss Sadler vs. Salvator,
Doncnster vs. Mountaineer.
Prizes $60, $30, $15, $15.
Sapliiig— North Polo vs. Prospero, Occidental
vs. Pastel, Chile Pepper vs. Colonel North, Zoe
vs. Gallant Foe. Periecto vs. Prince Ananias,
Brandon Belle vs. Nellie B, Portia vs. Cavalier.
Prizes $35, $17 50, $8 75. $8 75.
CONVICT LABOR BILL.
Manufacturers' Association Trying to
Abolish Machinery in Prisons.
A majority of the directors of the Manu
facturers' and Producers' Association on
Tuesday came to the conclusion that the
use of power machinery in the State
prisons is a curse rather than a benefit to
humanity, as ;by its use many worthy
free men are deprived of the means of
making a living. It was decided to frame
a bill to prohibit tbe use of power machin
ery in the prisons of the State and ask tbe
Legislature to make it a law. Wednesday
the committee — D. rectors Kerr, Jacobs
and Keller — met ana framed the following
bill, which Manager Lewis took to Sacra
mento in tbe evening:
The people of the State of California, reprt
seated iv Senate and Assembly, do enact a»
follows:
Section 1. On and after the 31st day of De
cember, A. 1). 1808, it shall be unlawful to
manufacture in any prison in this State any
thing whatever by machinery driven by power
produced or generated by any means except
human luboF. Any person in charge of or em
ployed in any prison violating tills act shall
OOTJRSEJJ-ROEOKEL CONOEET.
31 any Musicians Entertained a Large
Audience at Native Sons' Hall.
A concert, followed by a dance, was
given in Native Sons' Hall last night by &
number of local musicians as a benefit to
Mme. Ellen Ooursen-Roeckel of this City.
The affair was well attended, notwith
standing the storm. Abont 800 persons
were present, and a hundred couples
stayed for the dance, which began shortly
before 11 o'clock and continued for over
two hours.
The vocal quartet. Mile. Alice De
courtieux, Mrs. Cathie Coursen-Campbell
and Herr G. Berger, and the Lombardero
Mandolin Club came in for special favors
from the audience.
A reception committee, consisting of
Miss Ida R. Strauss, Mrs. William B.
Hunt, Mrs. Frank Smith. Mrs. Theodore
Lunstedt, Mile. Elena Roeckel. Milton
Wasserman, J. S. Godeau, John P. Duffy
A. Leon Auradou Jr., and James T. Camjh
bell, was in charge of the general enter
tainment
•***•••*••••
I HUOYAN ! 11/ hot
I cures. I " a »
************ Ails You?
************
: consult —
I Hudson I Ufhat
5 DOCTORS „ " liar
I free. | Ails You?
•*••**•••*•*
4 RE YOU TROUBLED WITH PAINS IN
•£*• the small of the back ? Are you troubled
with p Ins on each sine of backbone to lower
points of shoulder blade ? Are you troubled with
pains In head T Left side or right side T Do you
have shooting pains ?
Have you dizziness In the head T Dark flecks
appearing before your gaze ? Palpitation of hear:?
If you stoop over what do you no.lee ? Have you
a curious weak feeling? Have you gases on the
stomach ? Does the head swim ? Can you rest
well at night? Do you wish to be cured ?
Do You Wish to Be Cured?
Do You Wish to Be Cured?
Do You Wish to Be Cured?
Do You Wish to Be Cured?
CONSULT HUDSON DOCTORS FREE.
If you wish to be cured you should learn about
the great Hudyan. Hudyan la a remedy treat-
ment for men. Hudyan cures diseases ami dis-
abilities of men. Hndyan cures Nervous Weak-
ness, Nervous Debility. Nervous Exhaustion.
CIRCULARS FREE.
No one has Hudjran but th» Hudson doctors.
BLOOD POISON.
BLOOD POISON.
If in tne first, secondary or tertiary state, yon
should use cue ..O-DaY CUKE.
Write for 30-day Cure Circulars or
Consult the Hudson Doctors Free.
Hudson Medical Institute
JUNCTION
Stockton, Market and Ellis Sts;-m mm m\m we are ready and eager for the frayi-*-
- b b tirßTrinnrsTnnrtrtrtns'inriritt sirsinnnnnnnr\
•° ____ ____^ °
924 to 930 Market Street, Baldwin Annex.
The Bankrupt Stock of the Rochester M'f'g Co., Consisting of $200,000 Worth of the Best Ready=to=Wear
CLOTHING, HATS AND FURNISHING GOODS EVER SHOWN IN THIS HARKET.
,
These goods must be sold within From our very inception you'll Come early — can get the
60 days to make room for our new find us fair and square to trade with. ick of lot ft fa aII cream
Spring stock, now en route tor us, Our goods are all marked in plain
which will not be complete until figures and strictly one price will; stu & This ( stock must be sold
May Ist. be the prevailing spirit of our house, ' quick. We do not look for costs
This stock was bought to fill in We'll sell exactly what we adver- 1 r. - a ..1 •> v
1 1 ... 1. .. At. -1 1. or profits. Are you with us? It
time, and as an advertising medium tise. Anything and everything
all goods will be sold for less than you'll see displayed in our windows y° are > come let us showyou how
the cost of the material. ' is yours for the price. much money we can save you.
-A. F n E3"W OF 1 OUR PRICES !
ffI£N'S_SDITS. Men's Overcoats MEN'S PANTS. BOYS' SUITS. I YOUTHS^ SUITS. Furnishing Goods.
mn __ . « 5 nr iir $2.45. 100 dozen Men's Fine Stan-
S/.nai O^iilJi CRn . 4ifi 350 Youths' Cheviot and Cas- ley Shirts, worth $1.00.
Ann M«n'c Ph«,mtc i I Men's Heaw Blue DJI " D , ' • simere Suits, worth $;. 4O
400 Men black V Black g 1000 pairs of Mpn .. 300 Boys ■■ Strong $2 45 - « dozen Latest stye Tr ilby
blue vi and black, Overcoats, velvet Strona Phpvint SSco 1h ° o1 Sults - They ———— 45 Shirts, worth $1.00.
double-breasted, col larSt warranted pi n LrTh <fi n are all right and are $3.85. So
worth $6.j0. fastcolor,worthsio. worth $I.^o. vvorth $ I .j a 2 7^^An^K,i Cassi- 2; dozen Men s Fine White
$2,65. $4.95. 65c. ' 45c. $385 Dress Shirts, worth $1.00.
oz,b!)i 04,3 D, D3O. 4-oC. $ 450
— — — — — —
53. 95. CC Qf) SI. 15 QRf» 230 Youths' All-wool Worsted 200 dozen Men's Camels' Hair
53. 95. woi3Ui SI 5 QRP 250 Youths' All-wool Worsted 200 dozen Men's Camels' Hair
" )Uig Jl ™ m ' C- IC ' •'«'«• *>v»U. Suits single and double and Scotch Wool Under-
go Men's Heavy Fall ° v ' and Melton 6 °° pairs of Men ' s M " 2O ° B °y s '' Cheviot breasted ' $ T9 h s slo - "™>™^
Weight Cassimere Overcoats, hand- T 0 ! Cassimere Wool School Suits, IM'QUATQ^
Suts a corker for some , sign , a , .well made well $ » MEN S HATS.
* 7 " 5 ments,worthsl2.^o and WOrm $2 ' sa -P 5 65c. , 100 dozen Men's Heavy Derby
CO QC * n ft fl ' Qi IK QKfi Men's Fine Fedora Hats, the Rib Underwear, worth 75c
$oi3Ji OOaifUi dlilJi . OJUi regular $1.25 quality. 4So
VUiWUI 65c
04iUJi S/OOJI SliBsi 01i45i Men's Fine Fel^Fedora Hats, lO ° doz AH-Wool Austra-
„ , v , r . „. . r  , such as hatters sell for $2 " an Wool Underwear, 4
350 Men All-wool ! .2 jo Men Fine Wors- 27^ pairs of Men's 150 Boys' Strong 85c. *" shades, worth sl.so.
Cheviot Suits ted and Covert Cloth i Fine All-wool Cassi- School Suits. They , —
"*•' I Top Coats, well I mere Pants, worth are all wool and $i-i5- 950
worth easily $10. worth $K. .$3. JO. ' . we worth $3 <O Men's Finest Quality Derby 4? dozen Men's Genuine
- M J wen wuiui and Fedora Hats. Hatter's Glastenbury Underwear,
$4.85. i $7.85. $1.65. $1.45. price $2 50. 5 . worth $1.50. o
OtiOUi iPliOJg OliDJi Oli^Ji . $1.15. 950
Special. Special. Special. Special. | Special. Special.
50 dozen Boys' Knee Pants, 200 Boys' Heavy Cape 150 dozen Madras and Ten- 200 dozen Boys' Bib Over- Men's and Boys' All- Wool 1000 dozen Men's All- Wool
All Wool, i Coats, nis Overshirts, alls, Sweaters, Socks,
25c. $1.35. 25c. I 25c. 65c. 10c.
These goods are all on dts- We do not ask you to take f .advertising our new store I Do not let this opportunity All goods marked in plain We have the largest ground-
play and will be sold as adver- our unsupported statement, replete with bright, sparkling, ! slide. It means money in your \ figures and sold as advertised, floor store in California, com-
Used. Come and be convinced. new bargains. i pocket. Come and see us. fortably situated.
THE BALDWIN, CLOTHIERS, 924 to 930 Market Street, S. F.
THE SAN FKANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY. FEBRUARY 10, 1597.
5s
i
sS
£
■-
55
6
tSkt €ranrf Cfetli
CHARLES M. SMOKTRIDQE,
Editor and Proprietor.
SUBSCRIPTION RATES Postage Frea:
Dally and Sunday Call, one week, by carrier.. $0.18 >
Daily »cd Sunday Call, one year, by mall 6.00 I
Dally and Sunday Call, six months, by mall.. 3.C0 j
Dally and Sunday Call, three months by mall 1.60 .
Dally and Sunday Call, one month, by mall. .65 <
. Sunday Call, one year, by mall 1.60 '
V kiKLv Call, one year, by mall 1.44)
BUSINESS OFFICE:
710 Market Street,
San Francisco, California.
T«l«pb*ne Ma!n-18M
EDITORIAL ROOMS:
61? Clay Street.
T*l*pb««« MaU»-1»74
BRANCH OFFICBS:
627 Montgomery street, corner Clay; span until
8 80 o'clock.
BSe Hayes street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
615 1 Ark In street: open until 9:80 o'clock.
BW. corner sixteenth and Mission streets; opea
sntil 9 o'clock.
2518 Mission street: open until 9 o'clock.
167 Ninth street; open until 9 o'clock.
1305 Polk street; open until 9:30 o'clock,
OAKLAND OFFICB:
608 Broadway.
EASTERN OFFICE l
Rooms 81 and 32. SI Park Row, New York City.
DAVID M. FOLTZ, Kaatern Manager.
Irlli CALL SPLAKS FOR ALL.
FRIDAY FEBRUARY 19. 1897 j
THE FARE AM THE FACT.
THE PAKE
The Examiner published for several days at the
top of Its title page the following fake:
THE EXAMINER PUBLISHED
249,757 Inches
Of Ads During 1896.
5964 More |
Than were publishftl by any \
other San Francisco Newspaper.
In the publication of this fake the Examiner \
was probably not aware that a careful record was ]
being kept of the actual amount in Inches of Its ,
advertising and that in consequence It could be
confronted with the following fact.
— THE FACT
THE EXAMINER PUELISHED
236,528 Inches
Of Ads During 1896.
That is one fact and here is an-
other :
THE CALL PUBLISHED
239,551 Inches
Of Ads During J896.
3,023 More
Inches were published in
THE CALL than in the
Examiner during 1896.
It Is to be remembered that daring IS9Stn«
Examiner published approximate'? 800 Inches of
illegal lottery advertisements, or which Tint Call
did not and would not publish one.
Ihemonarca of the falters bun doubtless suc-
ceeded '.» pecuring thousands of inches of adver- {
tising during the pa.it year by duping and deceiv-
ing advertisers through false and arrogant asser-
tions of the cnaracter of the foregoing fake. It
would seem, however, from ti.e facts that the
merchants as a. rule have not been misled by its
lrnudulent pretenses.
he Examiner boasts that its books are open to
Inspection, but we suggest that It Inspect Its own
looks before it ventures UDOn the publication of
another fake.
AY's congratulate the public on the fact that the
t-xrosure of this fake led the Examiner to drop it.
In this the Examiner was discreet, and If It Is wise
It will make no more snrli bold attempts to
i'er»"iv» the public
Work for the workers.
Let us attend to the unemployed.
It is safer to brag on this kind of
weather than to bet on it.
Don't forget that the unemployed are
asking for work and not for charity.
It will take fire and a hot iron to take
Greece off the Cretan issue this time.
As a sign of fair weather the seagull is
decidedly as deceptive as any other gull.
It has been a very warm winter for the
trusts, and those that haven't busted are
getting roasted.
The great powers will try the policy of
coercion on Crete to see how it works be
fore they apply it to Turkey.
Wherever there is a printing-press there
is trouble, and even the State cannot have
the one without getting the other.
The immigration bill has passed Con
gress and gone to Grover, which we fear is
equivalent to saying it has gone to veto.
To open the boulevard from the park to
the ocean drive would be making way for
pleasure and for work at the same time.
Greece has offerea to fight for Crete,
atid as that is the highest bid yet made
it ought to be knocked down to her and
the s-quabble ended.
If there should be a war in the Levant
to shut off Russian wheat and Turkish
primes and ligs we would have some
reason to regard it as a good thing and
push it along.
Compared with other large cities of the
Union Snn Francisco has comparatively
few cali!> for charity end therefore ought
to be the more willing to respond tore
quests for work.
The Democratic press in default of find
ing any other defects in the McKinley
Cabinet are clamoring loudly that L,yman
Gaee wears a wig and seem determined to
snatch him bald-headed.
There will be no campaign of education
needed on the Cuban question. The
people have long since made up their
minds In favor of the independence of the
island and are now ready to express it.
About the last thing San Francisco will
ask of the Legislature will be a specialist
in sociological education. There are
plenty of people in the City who will vol
unteer instruction on that subject at any
time.
The Cuban committee appointed by
Mayor Phefan is composed of exactly the
right men for the place. They can be
counted on to do whatever is best to ad
vance the cause, and the people can safely
trust in them.
THE CUBAN QUESTION.
The Cuban committee appointed by Mayor Phelan to co-operate with similar
committees in other cities of the Union is in every respect a good one. It is com
posed of men who represent the real sentiments of tne people or San .Francisco on the
great issue, and will ably serve to give to the cause of CuOau independence the moral
support of our people.
By general consent the direction of the work of all these combined committees
j will be given to the great committee appointed In New York City. It is altogether
I right and proper that this should be so. New York is the metropolis of America, it
j is the headquarters of the Cuban Junta, and-thc citizens' committee there was the first
lin the field. For these reasons it is natural that committees in other cities should
look to New York for guidance and leadership in the important work which they
have undertaken.
The Cuban cause is one of those which Lord Bacon described as appealing to "the
bosoms and the business of men." it involves the issues ot the liberty of an Ameri
can people and the independence of an American country, and therefore excites the
responsive sympathies of all true. Americans. It also involves valuable property
owned by Americans in the island and the lnrge trade which, in times of peace, is
carried on between our country and the Cubans. The United States has, therefore 1
pecuniary and selfish interests, as well as American and unselfish ones, at stake in the
contest.
To the people of California the question is largely ana mainly one of patriotic sen
timent. We have little or no trade with the island of Cuba. On the contiary much
of the produce she exports to &ew York under normal conditions comes into compe
tition with our own produce. We are something more than disinterested in the quar
rel, for there might be some monetary advantage to us if the war were prolonged. It
is significant, therefore, of the strength of genuine Americanism in our people that
we rise superior to commercial consideration and cordially co-operate with the people
of New York in lending every legitimate and justifiable aid to the Cuban patriots who
are struggling for the independence of their country.
It is in the hignest degree gratifying to note that public sentiment is in hearty
accord with the movement which has been so auspiciously inaugurated by The Call
and supported by Mayor Plielan in the appointment of this committee. Letters
received from citizens of weight and influence show that the movement will find cor
dial support and prompt help whenever it is necessary to call lor active aid. It is
evident that San Francisco, not less than the cities of the East, is eager and ardent
to brine about the establishment of Cuban independence and can be counted on to do
everything which may be needful to attain the desired end.
There is reason to believe that nothing more will be required of the committee
than to concentrate public sentiment on the issue and co-operate with committees
in other cities in exerting the moral influence of the people. In no country in the
world does public opinion have so much effect upon Government as in this. When
it is made evident to Congress and the administration that the American people desire
the independence of Cuba, even if it should be necessary for our Government to
intervene, it will only be a question of time when such steps will be taken by the
Government as will fulfill the popular demand. It is reasonable to expect, therefore,
that our committee will hardly be called upon to make any extraordinary appeals
to the people. It will be sufficient that they represent the popular will and express
to those in power the policy which the people desire to see enforced.
The committee having been appointed will soon organize by the election of a
president, and the next step will be to arrange for a mass-meeting to arouse public
sentiment and to afford an opportunity for the expression of the will of the people.
These steps we may expect to be taken as speedily an possible. There is no reason
why there should be any delay. In a case of this kind a preliminary campaign of
educalion is unnecessary. The public mind is fully instructed on the importance
of the issue, and is fully made up to the determination that the war should be
ended, even if the steps taken to end it should involve the active interference of
the United States.
THE CLOVEEDALE PAIR.
In his address at the opening of the
Sonoma County Fair at CJoverdale Juilee |
A. G. Burnett of Santa Rosa very truly ,
eaid that no words or advertising docu- j
ments could so clearly express ttie fertility
■nd resources of Sonoma Valley as the I
fine exhibits of fruit and wine which h*»
saw around him. This statement, though'
triie, was worth uttering and worth com
□lent. It can never be too often repeated j
that the best and surest wav for California j
to mate her resources known i 3 to exhibit J
them.
The people of the Eastern States are j
ignorant of the real conditions of Califor
nia. They know a little about some sec
tions, but of the State as a who.c they
know almost nothing. Accustomed to
think of States as they exist Id the East,
where each has a ceriain definite climate
and a certain limit of product?, they do
not realize that in California there is an
infinite variety, and ttiat within the limits
of this commonwealth we have the snows
and pine forests of Maine combined with
the orange groves an'l mild winters of
Florida. The few people of the East w!m
do know something of the wide range of
our products do not know that there is a
citrus belt in the northern as weli as the
southern part of the State, and that the
area of California suited for the produc
tion of semi-tropical fruits reaches further
in a line from north to south than it does
from east to west.
The Cloverdale Citrus Society, in erect
ing a handsome and spacions pavilion for
holding county fairs, has conferred an
important benefit not only upon the city
of Cloverdale and county of Sonoma but
upon the whole State. Reports of the ex
hibits will find their way to the East, and
people in that section of the country who
think of seeking homes in milder climates
will be sure to look on tiie map to «cc
where Cloverdale is. In this way an im
i portant work of educating the Eastern
j mind will be accomplished, and the fair
will achieve far more for Northern Cali
fornia than will be apparent from the sur
face.
From the reports which come to us it
seems that the exhibit includes a much
larger variety of fruit than even some Cal
ifornians expected. There are excellent
displays, not only of oranges and lemons,
but of lime?, tigs, prunes, olives and
almonds. That the wine exhibit is good
goes without saying, for Sonoma has long
been famous for its wine production. It
is to be noted that among other displays
was a considerable one of silkworm co
coons. This gives another promise of the
coming of the time when California will
be a silk-producing State and when we
will be able to furnish perhaps all the silk
which the American market demands.
Taking all things into consideration the
exhibit has been a notable one in every
respect, and reflects credit upon the enter
prise and the management of the men
who promoted it. The Cloverdale fair will
take rank hereafter among the important
State events of each succeeding year, and,
as time passes, will receive an increasing
patronage. Congratulations are therefore
due to the men and women who have
tauen the risks of the experiment and
made it successful. They deserve the
thanks not only of their own community
bnt of the State at large.
Senator Lexow of New York has the
happy faculty of getting appointed chair
man of committees charged with making
investigations which attract attention,
und he has also the faculty of making
most of the opportunity. As a reputation
maker on legislative lines he is now the
most conspicuous man in the Union, and
in fact is very nearly as well known as a
prize-tighter.
A bill has been introduced into the
South Carolina Legislature to provide for
the sale of native wines at the State dis
pensaries, and if in that way the people
can be taught to use wine instead of
whisky the dispensary system will prove
one of the best steps in the direction of
temperance ever made in America.
A curious fraud has been exposed by a
showing made to Congress that quite a
number of works are broughi into this
country marked "copyright" when they
are not copyrighted at all and have never
paid copyright duties. It is proposed to
enact a law imposing heavy penalties for
the fraudulent use of the word.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 19, 1897.
THE UNEMPLOYED.
Among the plain proposed for giving
work to the unemployed men of the City
are the construction of themnch-chscupsed
boulevard connecting the park and the
ocean drive, the open inß ol vacant lands
of the City for cultivation in the growth
of vegetables and the employment of men
in placer mining on Government lands.
Bach of these plans has its peculiar merits,
and all of them deserve to be tried. Cer
tainly San Francisco ought to be able to
provide some means for employinc her la
bor, and should not hesitate to make ex
per.naenta in that direction.
Of the proposed plans the one most
likely to receive popular favor is the con
struction of the boulevard. The worK is
one which has long been under considera
tion. It has been thoroughly discussed,
and public opinion approves it. To
carry out the work, however, it will be
rucessary to raise at least $20,000 by pri
vate subscription, since it seems that the
City has no money to devote to the pur
pose. The sum is la.rge. but not too large,
lor a City of such wraith as this.
It must be borne in mind that the bur
den of charity imposed upon the wealthy
people of San Francisco is very slight in
comparison with that which rests upon
t c wealthy of other citiea of the Union.
The severe blizzarUs of the Ei»st require
lame gifts from the well-to-do people in
Boston, Philadelphia, New York and Chi
cago to furnish the poor of those citiea
with food, fuel and clothing. From such
calls for charity as this our climate relieves
us, and it would seem, therefore, that we
ought easily to obtain the money neces
sary to give work to those who need it.
It is doubtful whether the plan of open
ing vacant lots in the City for cultivation
would prove as advantageous here as it
did in Detroit, where, under the direction
of Mayor Pingree, it was first tried. The
Detroit workers achieved their greatest
*uccesa in the crowing of potatoes. This
was possible in Michigan, but in Califor
nia, where potatoes are produced in quan
tities which outrun the demands of the
market, it is not likely that any treat
profit would result to the workeis who cul
tivated the lots. The same objection
would apply to almost any vegetables
that could be raised. The worker would
get what he needed for his own table, but
could hardly hope to obtain any profit
Irora what he had to sell in the market.
What could be accomplished In the way
of placer mining by inexperienced work
ers it is impossible to foresee. That there
is gold in our mountain streams available
to those who know now to work them
properly is made evident by the statement
of Commissioner Fitzgerald that upward
of 10,000 Chinese are engaged in the in
dustry, and that they send annually to
the Mint over $300,000 in gold. The work,
however, is a risky experiment, and it
could hardly be entered upon by a man
who had a family to support. It is of
course better to do that than to do noth
ing, and to that extent the plan may rank
among those which are worth trying.
LAND FRAUDS.
The. State Board of Trade has done well
in calling the attention of the Governor
and the Legislature to the injury inflicted
upon the State by fraudulent schemes
projected by unscrupulous men to sell
worthless lands in this State to credulous
people In the East or in Europe. It is
time that these schemes should be checked.
They work harm not only to the person
deceived but to the people at large, and
the issue of their prompt suppression,
therefore, is a matter of public concern.
The Board of Trade recalls the fact
that recently a report of the British
I Consul-General residing in San Francisco
declaring that the colonization schemes
projected in this State were for the most
• pun frnudulent and deceptive was deemed
! of sufficient importance by the British
j Goverament to be transmitted to I'arlia-
I ment. It was, therefore, given the widest
publicity, and will have its effect in
determining intending home-seekers not
only in Great Britain, but in many parts
of Europe, to avoid California in selecting
I sites for their proposed colonizations.
I As the Board of Trade points out the
representations made by the British Con
sul were not wholly false. Tney contain
] so much of trnth that it is impossible for
us to meet them with a general denial.
The only recourse left is to take the
' initiative in exposing fraudulent land
schemes and thereby cive assurance to
intending immigrants that they will not
be cheated and deceived when they trust
to representations made by the land
agents of the State.
We cannot agree with the Board of
Trade that there should be appointed a
commission of immigration whose duty it
shall be to institute inquiry into the char
acter of all colonization scnemes projected
in the State. We have already more com
missions than the people care to support,
and the results obtained from those in ex
istence are not of a nature to induce the
public to approve of the creation of a new
commission. It ought to be possible for
us to suppress frandulent colonization
schemes by the machinery of law already
in existence. Certainly it would be well
for us to try what could be done without
imposing further burdens upon the people
beiore we resort to the experiment pro
posed.
The matter is one requiring careful con
sideration. It cannot be dismissed as of
little importance, nor can it be riehtly
solved by hasty and inconsiderate action.
Deierence is due of course to the recom
mendations made by the State Board of
Trade, for the officers and directors of
that body have undoubtedly given the
subject more study than others. They
have clearly pointed out the injury which
is done to the commonwealth, and even
if their solution of the problem is not ac
cepted, it is none the less worthy of care
ful study on the part of the Governor and
the Legislature before it is rejected.
PER ONAL.
L. n. Owen of Fresno is here.
O. Gardner of Ireland is at the Occidental.
J. I. Thornton of Fresno is at the Occidental.
S. E. Crow of Santa Barbara Is on a yislt
here.
William 11. Searl oi New York Is at the
Palace.
John Home of Edinburgh, Scotland, Is a late
arrival here.
W. R. Spauldlng, the lumber manufacturer,
Is at the Lick.
John G. Brady, who owns a sawmill at Sltka,
Alaska, is in the City.
John G. Mack, a business man of Portland,
Or., is on a visit here.
Professor O. P. Jenklm of Stanford Uni
versity is at the Palace.
Phillip ott, a wealthy resident of Jefferson
City, Mo., is at the Russ.
C. W. Smead and wife of Fresno are regis
tered at the Cosmopolitan.
Xt-Superior Jud^e Hervey Lindley of Lo*
Angelea arrived here last night.
Mrs. I. Kernell and child of Portland, Or.,
are staying at the Cosmopolitan.
J. C. Turner and O. O. Rossland, mining men
of Redlands, are on a visit here.
Charles O. Clark, the well-known resident of
Siskiyou, U vusiting in the City.
Sydney Smith, a mining man of Cleveland,
Ohio, Is here on mining business.
James P. McCarthy, real estate man, is In
Los Angeles on a short business trip.
Mrs. M. Blanton of Chicago, wife of a mer
chant of that city, Is at the Cosmopolitan.
Professor Le Conte of the State University
and his two daughters are at the Occidental.
Prok-Fsor Robert F. Penneli, superintendent
of the Slate Normal School at Chico, is at the
Grand.
E. S. Nolan, a prominent business man of
Merced, is in the City and staying at the Cos
mopoli tan.
John L. Truslow of Santa Barbara, general
agent of the Atehison, Topeka and Santa Fe
Railroad, is in the City.
O. H. Harrison, who is interested In mines
and business in Mexico, arrived here yester
day. He is at the Palace.
Jarrett T. Richards, a leading attorney of
Santa Barbara, is at the Palace. He was one
of the first Mayors of Santa Barbara.
F. I). Fraser, a mine-owner of Siskiyou
County, who has been absent for several
month* in New York and Canada on mining
business. Is registered at the Russ.
Edward P. Ricker, proprietor of one of the
leading hotels in Portland, Me. ; Charles S.
Cook oi the same city and Dr. M. Wedgewood
of Lewiston, Me., are at the Palace.
Professor Brad Bamorof London, a mining
engineer, who has been connected with im
portant enterprises and who U interested in
mines on the niotner lode, is in town.
C. A. Griscom, manager of the International
Steamship Company, New York, and one of
the purcnascrs of land at Point Loma fora
school of theosophy, has arrived here after a
visit to Honolulu.
Georee Bothwell, tne mining expert, is In
town for a few days. Mr. Bothwell it inter
ested with James P. McCarthy, a well-known
real estate man of this City, in a big mining
project at Randsburg.
CAL FORNIAft'S IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, N. V., Feb. 18.— At the St.
Cloud, W. C. James. Everett, E. E. Caswell.
Marlboro, A. I* Sturtevant, Mrs.
Chase.
EASY ALL!
" Easy all I" rings out the order,
nd the muscles cease 10 strain,
Ana the »i\lne of oars In rowlocks
Stops Its rhythmical retrain.
And the sinking heart beats freely,
And the spent breath comes again.
11 Easy all! 1 ' Oh, Joyous mandate
To the struggle™ on life's flood,
Be It but a raising respite.
For the brain, and strength, and blood,
Though :ar distant be the cuenion—
.frame, or Health, or livelihood 1
When the summer sunshine bright
Grimy street and sullen wall,
From the strip* of azure heaven .
Seems to come the kindly call:
" Rest a while, ye weary tollers.
Drop your oars, and easy all !"
—Pall Mall Gazette.
NEWSPAPER PLEASANTRY.
A man who bad tastes anthrophagus
Expired of a severed oesophagus;
'Ihey laid him away
Under nix feet of clay
In a hleroglyphicked sarcophagus.
—Harper's Bazar.
Brown— Jones doesn't forget his alma mater.
Robinson— He doesn't, eh?
Brown— No. indeed 1 He's trying -to teach
hi* baby the college yell.— Puck.
The giddy young thing— Is that pro
verb about there being no marrying in
heaven?
The chronic bachelor— "Fools rush In where
angels fear to tread."— lndianapolis Journal.
Judge— Guilty or not guilty?
Prisoner— Not guilty, bo;s.
Judge— Ever arrested before?
Prisoner— boss; an' I nevah done stole
nuffln before, needer.— Harper's Weekly.
Aunt— Whatl Sitting up writing at this
hour?
Niece— Yes, auntie. It's only a little note to
Harry.
Aunt— Why, Hairy left you only five min
utes ago.
Niece— Yes; but there Is something I forgot
to ask him, and It's very Important.
Aunt— Yes •
Niece— l asked him if he loved me, and, he
said "Yes," but I forgot to ask him If he would
love me always.—
Visitor— l don't like the looks of this place.
Your town is small and your cemetery is large.
Besides, I have met three funerals already.
Native— Oh, that's nothing, sir. You see,
this is a health resort.— Leslie's Weekly.
"I hear your minister resigned from his
Charge."
"Well, no, not edxao'ly."
"How was it then?"
' AVhy, you see, we'd been resigned ter him
ai long us we could stand it. and we tnought
that it wuz time for him to reclppercate He
dian't resign; we resigned him."-Washit)K
ton Times.
"What is a crank, papa?"
"A crank, my son," is a fellow who goes
around with nls wheels."-Yonkert Btates
man.
STARTLING INNOVATIONS MARK THE PRESENT ERA.
From time to time, at intervals of almost dramatic shortness, ideas which Change the
whole economy of modern warfare or prospective warfare occur.
With the new year came the startling fact that in its most perfect state the most peneci
battle-ship, the late&t addition to tne navies of the world, was practically useless as lar as
imDerviousness to the torpedoes of an enemy
was concerned, for the discovery of a new and
terribly destructive missile had just precluded
the possibility of defense. (
In fact, the changes and increase in war s
marvels and possibilities seem never-ending
end as regular of recurrence as fashion's de
crees, and the latest of them all is one which
may offset the aspect of the battlefield, be
fore, during and after conflict.
It is a novel cycle which is going to do
all this, that cycle which has borne the brunt
of the flouts and jibes and jeers of military
men on account of its declared utter inappli
cability to the usages of modern warfare.
Its disability iv this connection has been
overcome at last, however, and the cycle is
about to usurp the railroad train's privilege
in the transportation of troops, not only trans
porting them but enabling them to travel
even in the face of an enemy, for the soldier
iv this case will be armed as no soldier was
ever armed before.
This new motor cycle may be considered a genuine scientific acquisition, and you can
learn the full particulars concerning it in The Sunday Call.
The French and particularly the Parisians are a wonderful people in many ways, and In
none more so than in the precision and punctuality with which they execut^and realize
undertakings which in their conception seem insuperably difficult of performance.*
New, the Exposition Universelle which they have under consideration at present will
probably contain a building which, exteriority and interiorlly, will probably excel their other
wonderful achievements, at least in some particulars.
It is to be a woman's building on a most bizarre plan.
The interior will bo fitted up very much on conventional lines having waiting-rooms, re
tirinfi-rooms. lecture hall, library, even bedrooms and bath facilities, etc., just like any well,
appointed ladies' club.
But it Is the exterior of this building which shall be the cynosure of all eyes by day, and
even more intently by night, and if you read The Call next Sunday you will be able to appre
ciate its unique beauty as though you saw it.
The artistic will enjoy a congenial literary repast next Sunday in two fine contributions
on the subject of pictures.
One is by Van Dyck Brown and Is in his usual entertaining vein.
The other treats of portrait painting, its history, Its existence in collected form and the
vicissitudes and triumphs of the masters of one great class of art.
"He that runs may read" and he that sits at home may enjoy the results of the run. The
naturalist-at-large has contributed to our plethoric budget of good things many descriptions
of the beauties of nature, and it is to your advantage to follow these "Idyls of the Field" in
order to acquire a desirable knowledge of nature in California and the Incentive thereto.
Tom Gregory, the Clark Russell of this Coast, has written a most delightful story for the
delectation of the readers of The Sunday Call, all about pilots and the life which they know
on the "treacherous fluid," as Captain Marryat expresses it, and any one who lias read Clark
Russell's famous thrillers may expect a similar smack and savor from this nearer-shore narra
tive in The Sunday Call.
Professor A. E. Vern 11 of tne United States Fish Commission discourses on his recent
piscatorial discovery, the change of hue which some denizens of the deep affect when night
comes on or morning dawn*.
Marcella is always at hand with the latest thing, the newest tip, the last chef d'ceuvre of
Worth or Redfern, and her talk will not be less full of timely suggestions than usual in The
Sunday Call.
The children's page and the C. R. C. still flourish and wax strong and healthy under the
genial sun of juvenile appreciation, and will not fail to amuse, instruct and guide our little
friends this week as always. tiSfll
The children's department will be replete with patriotic literature on Sunday.
The literary epicure and bookworm will have their usual gratification and scholarly
pilotage in the book pace of The Sunday Call, and" should not fall of its careful perusal.
In fact, The Sunday Call will bo a compendium of terse and pithy editorials, accurate '
and extensive telegraphic news, most reliable local information for all; short and enjoyable
stories, science, art, literature, drama and fashion; in fact, everything that goes to make up a
groat newspaper and to make life worth living.
Be wise and tell not to secure a copy, and send in your orders now, that you may not be
too late to obtain the excellent Sunday number.
AROUND IHE CORRIDORS.
Unusual Interest Is be.ng caused by the Eng
lish capitalists who a few days ago bought a
large area of land near Rial to, to be used in the
production of canalgre. It is be'leved they
will make a bigsucct ss of it. Thomas H. Vau
I- rank, the electrician, of this City, wuo is In
terested in an orange ranch near the great
purchase, in talking about it yesterday at the
Palace Hotel, said it was Jhe most important
transaction that had taken place in that part
of California for a long time. S*ld he:
'•The .ransfer of the large holdings of the
?an Francisco Savings Union, in the San Ber
nardino Valley, to a syndicate of English capi
talists, and the colonization of the 8000 or
more acres by the new company opens up a
field of industry new to California, and Is an
experiment, the successful outcome of which
will be watched with more than ordinary in
terest.
"Canaigre, as a staple article of commerce,
has received but little attention in the United
States, although indigenous to the mesas of
Southern California and some portions of Ari
zona.
"During the winter months the plant flour
ishes in ita perfection, and, by virtue of Its
tuber-like roots, has spread with such rapid
ity, in the cultivated districts, as to become a
source of serious annoyance to orchardists.
"The broad, luxuriant, Deet-like leaves grow
with wonderful rapidity, new plants spring
ing as if by magic from the root particles that
escape the cultivator of the watchful orchard
ist.
"The roots, resembling in appearance a
small sweet potato, are rich in tannin, or tan
nlc acid, valuable chiefly for tanning pur
poses: and it is with this object in view that
English promoters have taken hold of Califor
nia's new industry.
"The land to be devoted to the growing of
canaigre comprises one of the most fertile
tracts iv the .^an Bernardino Valley, in the
heart of the citrus district. The vast holdings
embrace what has for years been known as
the 'Thirteen-mile Desert," lying west of the
town of Klalto, on the Southern California
Railroad. The soil— a rich sandy loam— has
never been subjected to cultivation, because
of the scarcity of the water supply.
"English capital has secured the valuable
water rights oi the San Francisco Savings
Union, which for many years have been tho
source of the bitterest contention and upon
which Judge McKinley lately passed a decision
favorable to the present owners.
"The land will be thrown opon for the culti
vation of canaigre, and thus one of California's
so-called pests will be brought to a high state
of cultivation and subjected to a rigid test as
a money-makitiß commodity."
PARAGRAPHS ABOUT PEOPLE
B«mator Pritchard was a printer's "devil"
twenty-five years ago in the office of the Jones
boro (Teun.) Tribune.
"Father Panforth" of Springfield, Ohio,
drives his cows in harness. He uses them at
the same time for dairy purposes.
Samuel W. Stone, author of "Wait for; the
Waßon" and other popular songs, died at To
peka, Kans., recently. He was 84 years old.
The Rev. Caroline Bartlett of Kalamazoo,
Mich., has Just married Dr. Augustus W.
Crane. The bride performed the ceremony
herself.
Mrs. Frances Hodgson-Burnett, for the first
time in several years, is occupying her home
in Wabhington. Ot late years she has lived
abroad.
Ex-Secretary Hoke Smith has resumed his
former charge of superintendent of the First
Presbyterian Church since his return to At
lanta, Ga.
The Baroness Burdett-Coutts has presented
Sir Henry Irving with the identical ring worn
by David Garrlck when he played the part of
Richard 111.
King Oscar of Sweden has expressed himself
enchanted with the lovely singing of Frau
Nansen, the wife of the explorer, who has
hitherto hid her light under a bushel.
Miss Pond is to conduct the European tour
of Paul Lawrence Dunbar, the colored poet,
who will read from his own poems. They in
tend to visit all the great literary centers.
Professor Lewis Swift of Rochester, N. V.,
has been awarded the Jackson gold medal by
the R#yal Astronomical Society of England in
recognition of his services to the cause of
science in the discovery of planets, nebuse,
and other wanderers in space, lie now has
four gola and four bronze medal?.
CHANGE* IN IHIRIY YEARS
New York Times.
In 1867 the money In ihe country was
$20.11 per capita; In 1896 it was $32.80. The
money in circulation was then $18.28 per
capita, and aboui one-nnlf of it was worth less
than 72 cents to the dollar; now tt is $21.10
per capita, and every dollar is wortu 100
cents, and will t>3 kopi at that. Our National
debt was then $09.20 jer capita, and is now
#13.41, less than one-fifth; the interest on
that dobt was then $3.84 a year; it is now 49
cents, barely one-eighth. The average Ameri
can then contributed $9.87 to the revenues of
the Government, and now is called on for only
Letters From the People.
A CITY'S SAVINGS BANKS.
now Paris Provide* for the Wants of
Her Pfople.
To the Editor of the San Francisco Call— Sir:
I have tried to show, how Paris as a city gov
vernment provides shelter, food and even
clothes, to some extent, for her dependent
poor; also how the city has provided pawn
shops, which have been established over a
hundred years to loan money on goods and
chattels at a low rate of interest to unfortu
nate citizens in the time of their misfortune
or distress, both as a matter of municipal hu
manity and prudent business. I now invite
attention to her municipal savings banks in
the briefest manner possible.
My authority for the information presented
is the same that I have frequently cited of late,
"Municipal Government in Continental Eu
rope," by Albert Shaw. I take the liberty of
transcribing a paragraph. "A good system of
savings banks is much more than a conveni
ence to the prudent and economical of a com
munity. It is a powerful promoter of thrift
and a constant enemy of extravagance and
improvidence. The multiplication ol savings
banks throughout France— municipal and pri
vate systems as well as the branches of the
national postal system— is a factor of prime
importance in the conservation of the national
wealth. Paris is elaborately served by a series
of branches belonging to the national system;
but it has also a distinct municipal system of
earlier date and of still greater local impor
tance. "
Bime details must De given. There is a great
central bank ana it has in all forty branches
located throughout the city and in the suburbs.
The numb-r of individual" depositors in 1890
was 582,000, which had increased in 1893 to
030,000. Thus one person in every four for
the population was a depositor in 1803. In
that year the total amount of the deposits was
100,000,000 francs, or $32,000,000, and nearly
half the depositors had icss than 25 francs, or
#5, their deposits being about a million and a
half of the total $32,000,000 of deposits. In
1892, ten years alter the establishment of the
national postal savings batiks, which are kept
in the branch pos.tomces, the Paris depositors
had to their credit in these banks (58,000,000
francs, though the average credit was much
smaller than in the municipal banks.
The primary schools of Paris also have school
savings banks, which are branches of the
municipal system aud are established mainly
for educational purposes; and yot these school
banks imnually collect about 150,000 francs
from the small school children. The funds of
all these savings banks are invested chielly in
public bonds 01 various kinds, municipal and
i^tate, and depositors are paid trom 3] S l^ to
33 i per cent interest on their savings.
When we read that Paris advances rent
money to her distressed citizens; that the mu
nicipality loans money as a pawnbroker to
people In financial straits at 0 per cent as a
LiiMm-ss affair end finds it profitab.e; that
municipal employment agencies tind work for
the unemployed iree of cost as an economic
measure; that the city has lodging-houses 111
which to snelter and feed destitute men and
women while seeking employment; that poor
children are clothed, fed, sheltered and edu
cated and healthful occupations found for
them on leaving school; that skillful phy
sicians are sent to the homes of the destitute
sick, and medicines and nurses are
supplied gratis by the city; that
the city provides slaughter - houses,
inspects tne meat and protects the people
against infection and extortion; that city
dairies supply pure mint to the poor at the
lowest price which returns a small profit; that
in a word, the inunicitmllty assumes the care
of the less furtunate of the population in the
fraternal spirit of "a big brother" who cares
for his own and is able to do It, because he
cannot afford to have members of his family
in distress or sick and dylng'for the want of a
helping hand; and that all these humane
things are done by such wise business methods
that the municipality not only saves money by
preventing crime and breeding criminals but
actually '-makes it pay," and at the same time
is elevating ana enlightening the whole sub
stratum of society, we in Saa Francisco may
well pause and do a little rational thiuking
While the unemployed are paradius; our
streets to the number of 500, who have turned
out in the face of the reluctance all men feel
to make a show of their misfortunes, and
when they appeal in plain good English and
a patient spirit for an opportunity to work i 1
a time of peace if the State shall expect to call
upon them in war to lay down their lives if
need be for their country and its institu
tions, and that appeal is met in a nutter of
helplessness by the municipal government, it
does se«m to me that it is high time ior us to
learn how they manage these things which
are aone so much better in Paris, Glasgow and
the English cities.
Joseph Asijuby Johnson, 11 Essex street.
February 18, 1897.
OUR NATIVE SONS.
Stanford Parlor's "At Home" In Shasta
Hall to Its Lady Friends-
Stanford Parlor of the Native Sons of the
Golden West had an "at home" last Tuesday
night in Shasta Hall, Native Sons' building.
It was a niirli t for the lady friends of the mem
bers, aud the ladles with their escorts re
sponded to the invitations to that degree that
the large hall was uncomfortably crowded,
which wag a high compliment of the ap
preciation of the parlor's entertainments.
The hall had been decorated by A. F.
Sehleicher, a member of the order who
is of an artistic turn of mind, in a man
ner representative of the Valentine season.
There was a commingling of blood red hearts,
true lovers' knots and favors, all suggestive
of the tender passion, which is supposed to be
strongest at this period. It was a very neat
conceit and much admired. Harrison House
worth, president of the parlor, acted as master
of ceremonies, and he was assisted by J. J.
McCarthy, Ed Angelo, John Croon, R. R. Mar-
Un and C. D. Sleiger, the committee of arrpn»
ments. The following p-cgramra" " a l "I*
seined: Overture; whisil.inc SO io Mi ss My"
Gray; piano solo, Mrs. W". h, Deane- vocal v>i
Flora Howell; tenor solo, .'. if. Desmond- ••»
Few Remarks on Anything and Everrthin ••
Dr. AY. H. Seiberst; piano diet, Mist, Hhaen «n i
Master Peiser; vocal solo, "My Dream "Mi
F. O'Brien; mandolin and guitar trio by Mi«.
McCuuley and Messrs. Mclauley and
recitation, A. 11. Clifford, and basso sol
Tar box. During the evening tber.
addresses by Grand Orator Fr.-nk MatUson i
others and ice-cream was served to the ,
A dance cloied the entertainiaent, a t
joyable one.
The new officers of Stanfoid Parlor
R. R. Jlnrtln, past president; Harrison lit.,
worth, president; G 11. Stanyan, ,
F. Katto and J. J. AlcCartiy, »i,
dents; J. \V. Lewis. marshu.
roih, treasurer: 1). A. Curtis, M. iUrloo a-rT'i'
Dalv, trustees; F. Van iJewater. Bec;e:arv i
Co* financial secretary; M. J. (.> i
sentinei: A. Trautfetier, outside •tutinei- p «
Bryant, surgeon. This parlor will celebrate It
eleventh auiiiversary by a ball, to be given nn ,k
26th ull. " lUe
Pacific Parlor's Hospitality
Last Tuesday night Grand Orator Frank
Mattison of Santa Cruz paid an oflieial y.s.t, t,,
Pacific Parlor, and after the ser.o
of the evening had been transacted, thei
an adjournment to the benquet IibI! wtiur-
there was an cv. deuce of me parlor's
tali ty in the naiureof a collauon
granime nf music and oratory. Tim
short, instructive and to the point re ..
the visitlnn grand officials, Grand Vie
dent G. I'- Clarki Gruud .Secretary Hem
stedt and Grand Trustee Milton D. liarmtt.
The following nnmed were among thos
contributed to the evening's entertaii
Al liohrii and \v. McSorley, ba ; •
Thomas Lewi.-, evidence of miud-rendi:..
Mrs. ileriiitiiiii ; A. A. Horiini, barytone si
11. Quasi, liauo .soio; J. 11. Desmond, tenoi
J. A. Hynes, selections on the piano, and
Reynolds, vocal 8010. Tlio t-.iio.ir was
the mastership of I'anl McDonald, who tooi
care that the joy \\a, unconfiued.
With «.oia.ii Ciate Parlor.
Golden Gate Parlor was visited labt Monday
night by Grand Orator Mattison, and a
those who were present at the official
tion were Grand President Geslord, Gran 1
Trustee Gamut, Grand becretary Lunsted:,
Assistant Grand Secretary Jamison and sev
eral district deputies. During the ses-ions
addresses wer« made by the grand officers,
after which there was "a special meeting" in
the banquet-hall, which whs patriotically
decorated for tho occasion. Under the ilireo
tlon of Al Kberhardt, master of cerei.
an excellent programme was presented, and
an hour or two spent in recreative enjoyment.
A very fine collation was served, a portion on
plates and the rest in glass.
El Dorado's Twelfth Anniversary.
To-night El Dorado Parlor No. 52, Native
Sons, willcelebrate its twelfth anniversary by
a grand ball In Native Sons' Hall, and as the
parlor has a reputation for the fine entertain
ments it gives there is no doubt that the
function this evening will equal if not
eclipse those of previous years. The affair
will be under charge of thefo.lowing-named
committee of arrangements: H. Mayer, J. J
Crowley, W. J. Hawkins A. Schumacher, F.
T. Norton, P. A. Smith, Carl Koster, P. Mans
sang, F. Hancock, J. G. July, B. D. Sowney.
The following named ure the reception com
mittee: Joe Cumming, K. Gates, T. W. Gilmour,
E. V. Phelan, Dr. E. Schlatt, Dr. E. J. Frisble
H. J. Seitz. J. V. Gantner, W. E. Marron W. J
Guiunane, J. Nagle.
Knights ami Ladies of Honor.
Next Friday evening Berkeley Lodge No.
1941, of the Knights and Ladies of Honor, will
give a select social in American Hali, opposite
East Berkeley station. A committee has had
charge of this entertainment ior tome time,
and from the preparations it has made it is
evident that all wno attend will spend an en
joyable evening. A number of members from
tho local lodges have signified their intention
to be present on tnat evening.
"I suppose you suspect what I came for," he
said, as he prepared to ask her father for her
hand.
"Oh, yes," replied the father; you want to
borrow money ; but I tmven't a cent."
And the young man deferred hi 3 proposal.—
Philadelphia North American.
Largest variety chocolate creams. Townsend's,
Potato, mushroom'caKos. GulHet's,9os Larkin
Fpectal lnlormauon daily to manufacturer*,
business houses and public men by the frau
Clipping Bureau (Alien's;, SXO Montgomery."
A man named Robel, who was rabbit hunt
ing near Marshfield, \Vi.«., the other day,
stepped In a bear trap, aud before he had
time to wink was jerked up into the air,
where he hung by his heels from a sapling top
until rescued by another hunter.
Eicnrslun Kates to Washington.
For the benefit of those desiring to witness the
Inauguration of the next President of the United
States the Baltimore and Ohio l'.ailroad will sell
excursion tickets at oue fare for the round trip
from ail points on Its lines In Ohio, Indiana and
Illinois. Tickets will be sold March 1, a and 3,
valid for return until March 8. Similar tickets
via B. and O. R. R. will be sold by all the railroads
throughout the West,. In addition to being tha
shmest and most direct line to Washington tbe
B. and O. passes through a region of greater scenic
magnificence and historic interest than any in all
America. Passen^eis also have the option of trav
eling via Akron :'.nd ritt.sbnfs; or via liellaireand
Grafton either going or returning. The through
trains of the B. and O. are vestibuled throughout,
equipped with Pullman sleepers and the d.ning
car service Is unsurpassed. Information in detail
will be cheerfully furnished upon application bi
lk S. Allen, assistant general passenger agent, B,
and O. K. R., Grand Central staiion, Chicago.
••The Overland limited "—Only Thren
and a Half Days to Chicago.
The Union Paoiflc !s the only line running Pull
man double drawing-room and tourist sleepers
and dlning-cura, tan Francisco to Chicago dally
without change. Buffet, smoking and library cars,
Ogden to Chicago. Tickets and sleeping-cur reser
vations at 1 Montgomery st. D. Vf. Hltchcoac,
General Agent, San Francisco.
"Mrs. "Win glow* Soothlne Syriiu"
Has been used over fir;y years by millions of
mothers fop their children whl:e Teething with per
fect success, it 00: hestbe child, softens the sum*
allays Pain, cures Wind Colic, regulates lie BowtU
and Is the best remedy for Diarrheas*. whetneraris
ing lrom teeihing or other causes. >or sale by
gists In every part of the world. Ba sure and ask
let Mrs. Window's Soothing Syrup. 25c a botUa.
Coiioif ado.— Atmosphere Is perfuctly dry, soft
end mild, being entirely free from the mists com
mon further north. BoiiDd-trlp tickets, by steam
ship, including fifteen days' board a: ilia Hotel del
Corouado. 585; longer stay $2 50 per day. Apply
4 New ilouigoaiery si , San Franclsca
Why suffer from corns when Hixdkrcorks
removes them so easily. 18 cts at drnggUU.
I'arker'9 Hair Bai s\m is lif< 1 to the hair.
Ayeb's Hair Vifor Is Uie best preparation
which can be obtained for removing dandruff and
curing humors oi the scalp.
Lord Arthur Grosvenor, son of the Duke of
Westminster, has accepted the presidency of
the "Tennessee Darkies' Amateur Minstrel So
ciety." He says it deserves "the utmost sup
port both for its own benefit" and the good it
has done to Chester charities.
NEW TO-DAY.
Your anxiety is for your
delicate child ; the child
that in spite of all your care-
ful over-watching, keeps
thin and pale. Exercise
seems to weaken her and
food fails to nourish. That
child needs Scott's Emulsion
with the Hypophosphites —
not as a medicine, but as
a food containing all the
elements of growth. It
means rich blood, strong
bones, healthy nerves, sound
digestion. No child refuses
Scott's Emulsion. It is
pleasant and palatable.
SCOTT & BOWNB, ChemUu, N«w Yoi*.i'IUDAX KKRI;URY 19, 1887
AMUSEMENTS.
.'Baldwin Theatkr — "My Lord and Some
XadiPS.'!
California Thkateb.— "<:inaerella."
Columbia Tiikatkr - Chlmmie Fadden.-
MoroßCo » Opeba-Houbk. - • Out in the Streets"
ai.cazar Thkatkr. -a scruj) of Paper. "
•Tivili Opkra House.— -Aladdin; or, The
A\ ouderful ljunj)
; ÜBPHErai.- High Class Vaudeville.
• » oorKu Mkpicat. Collkok.— i.ane Lectures.
MlCHANlcs' i'AVii.mx- Verein Klntracht Mas-
queraile Ball, .-aiurua,- even February '.Oih.
•§dtko Baths— Bathing and i erf ormances.
. .The Chutes ash Skatinu Rink- Dally »'.
liaight street, one block, east, of the Park,
. ,\-.KU.\ii Back Track.— !i:ic^-t to-day.
AUCTION tALLS.
.I v rrtA^. I.kvy Co.— This <lar. February 10.
Furniture, at tulesrooiu, llbtt Market, street, us ill
clock.
By lxniAKA At-ction- Co.-Thls dar. February
•19. Liquors, at 1067 Market St., mil o'clock.
J ■* !i:*.\K W. i;i'Ti i.i>— This (lav. Feb-
ruary 19, uruHure, a: l'-'OiH' 3 ilowarJ street,
ft. 1 1 o'clock.
• " Bv.VosßhkisA Thursday, February 25.
. 1 »»: 1 state, at Salesroom, 613 California street
■hV 1 'J o'fioi'k.
; By .Mahhiv ABobkk— Wednesday. February
?4, Real Instate, at Solebroom, 6t'6 Market stroei.
.at 12 o'clock;
CITY NEWS IN BRIEF.
'_■ The steamer China c.une in last night with
' a caee 01 nnnllpox on board.
. Mr-. Emma Ra - lins sued her son, Henry
'"MacdonalJ, for £75 a month, permanent
support.
• The San Francisco Symphony Society pre
ee.nted a jiarticularly pleasing programme 10 a
" crowded house.
• ■ Interesting testimony is being heard by
•Judge Coffeyin the estate of Dr. Charles A.
James, deceased.
Annie Pickett, alias Miller, has deposited
$800 cash ball and has been released uutil
the date of her trial.
The Union Pacific now promises to transport
-800 tons of grniu from all points west of
Omaha as !h: a- Ogden.
The Cuban League of san Francisco will
. goon organize subcommittees and arrange to
have a mass-meeting here.
: Michael Cudahy, who Is here, Is believed to
" be acquiring California oil lands to aid him in
■ fighting me Standard trust.
The Chamber or Commerce- forwarded a
petition to Congress yesterday to grant Alaska
c representative in the IIou?e.
■. The Rev. William Duncan, formerly of
Metlakahtia, the queer Indian republic on
Annette Island, is in the City.
Judge Campbell has been asked to officiate
as referee of the coining tug-of-war matches,
and he has accepted the position.
Monitor, Sir William, Frant Jaubcrt, Baba
Murphy, Pat Murphy and Kicardo were the
vi:;uers at Oakland track yesterday.
• • Thomas Thompson has been convicted of
grand larceny an.! will be sentenced by Judge
..'.Wallace on the 26th of the present month.
•A brilliant reception was held in honor of
'Professor «nd Mrs. Joseph Le Conte last even-
Ing, on the occasion of their eolaen wedding.
The Retail Shoe Clerks' Association of San
'. Francisco gave a "smoker" Last night In Native
. £ons' building, attended by about 20J snoe
men.
The cases of the 23? Chinese highbinders
'arid gamblers, recently arrested, still are clog-
Eii.iK up the wheels of Judge Joachliasen's
court.
The engagement was announced yesterday
• of Miss E:hcl Cohen, daughter of the late a.
A. Cohen, and Lieutenant Bant, First Infantry,
• .U. S. A.
The charge of grand larceny against. Josle
Porter, a schoolgirl, preferred by C. J. Lynch,
r saloon-keeper, was dismissed by judge
_ Camubell yesterday.
The delegates from the street railroads that
■went to Sacramento to defeat tho Braunhart
bill met with an enthusiastic reception on
their re.urn last night.
Many prominent members of the l>ir and
judiciary rill be present at Judge McKenna's
•banquet, to be tendered by the Bar Associa
tion turd ay evening next.
. A benefit concert, followed by a dance, was
given at Native Sons' Hail last night by a
number 01 local musicians to Mme. Ellen
■ Coursen-Roeckel of this City.
A large sale of country property in San Luis
Otjispo County has b>. en effected by Ean ton &
Eidri ige for !*200,000 to a syndicate, who will
colonize the tract with farmers from lowa.
•The San Francisco unemployed have secured
a large building at 014 Howard street, near
.•Second, where they will be provided with fooa
• and shelter until they can take care, of them-
B&lves It-;.
, The Butler case was resumed yesterday after
noon, and further evidence adduced for the
prosecution. The bearing will be resumed this
afternoon, and the argument has been Bet for
•Thursday next.
The Burns uonnment committee of the Cale
donian Cub met in Scottish Hall last night,
.■when jeports on organization and mode of
• procedure were a'dopt-.-a and I>. R. McNelll was
elected vice-president.
.. While the burial sermon of the aged Julien
. Jldihieu was in progress at St. Luke's Church
bis wife, Marianne, also expired, and the
faithful partners in life in death were laid side
. 'by side in Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
• E. J. Mitten, a member of the largest dry
pbods hou»e in New England, is here. He
{■ay- business in the East has slightly Im
proved ■•■ y. No decided improvement, how
ever, is expected till the revision of the tariff.
• Society will Ice a hand In a theatrical per
". formance to help the work of the new BUnop
Armiiage Orphanage being established in this
City as a local headquarters of the San Mateo
institution; t'.iat is sadiy in need of funds to
provide for its 178 orphans.
Mrs. Mary Williams has been arrested on
a charse of insanity. After hearing the testi
muay Judge Hebbard said he was convinced
. that the woman is a nuisance in her neighbor
hood, but he wished to hear iurther testimony
before declaring her insane.
Special services will held at the Church
of the Good Shepherd, West Berkeley, Toes-
. day evening, February 23. at 8 o'clock, when
.the-.Rev. M. D. Wilson, Uev. K. Hartman and
Rev. W. H. Moreland will address the people
on the "Past, Present and Future of the
Church."
. — «
JEFPEIES BOOKED FOR CARSON.
Will Not Appear at the California Ath
letic Club'o Kntertainmeiit.
I . The following letter has been sect to the
I sporting editor of The Call:
J>ir .Sir.- In reference to statements which
fcDpeared In la«-t evening's i apers giving the
pu.j.ic to ur,ri^r>-uind that I am to meet Alex
Breggalnt Monday ulght iv a friendly spar
ring exhibition, please state that I will not
appear at the California Athletic Club's en
tertainment. fi - I Leave this City for Carson on
Monday. In future Ido not propose to enter
into any engagement with any of the athletic
Clubs to box under their r.uspices unless they
deposit a rensonable arao'int ot money as v
guarantee of good faith. Youu respectfully,
.. _ Jamis J. Jeffries.'
■ Tom McDonald, Manager.
SALT
' • Most torturing and disfiguring of itching,
•- burning, scaly skin and scalp humors is in-
stantly relieved by a warm bath with Cuti-
.-. hx Soap, a single application of CrmcußA
" •; {ointment), the great skin cure, and a full dose
• of Ccticuua Kesolvic.nt, greatest of blood
. purifiers and humor cures, when all else fails.
,(pcura
I« wld tlirouehontthe world. ???£J£.m^r".'
Corp., Props.. Bo«t<m. " How to Cure Silt Rheum, iree.
n,- i |tir, limn Pimply ra»-«.Bab.vßlemi..h*f,
Falling hair Cu^J by Cutico.a *<>»■
M\\\ C Quick as an electric flash Collina
• It I L L V Voltaic Electric Platter relieves
aching backs, painful kidneys,
Dfl! IJ sore lungs, rheumatism and mm-
I Mill cul*rpain», strains and weaknett.
A ROOF OVER
THEIR HEADS
Unemployed Have Secured
a Home on Howard
Street.
Over Three Himdred Men En
jiyed Hearty Mea's Last
Evening.
ActiVJ Steps Are Bnng Taken To
ward Providing Food, She ter
and Emp oyraent
One of the fim and most important
movements in behalf of tiio unemployed
of San Francisco was made yesterday
when the hirt-e building at 614 Howard
street was secured for the shelter of those
who by iil fortune have no homes. Last
niirnt over 150 men slept in tho large hall
which was to some extent warmed by a
huge range, a donation from W. W. Jion
taf-ue. To be sure the place aid not con
tain a 1 the comforts of homo, but it was
a godsend to the poor fellows who ottier
wi-e might have been obliged to tramp
the streets all night — for the nieht was
bitter cold ana the atmosphere was as
damp as it was chilly.
The new headquarters of the unem
ployed was cngared early yesterday morn
ing by S. A. Leffiigwell, chairman of the
general and executive committee. He
agree \ to pay .$75 per month for the prem
ises to J. Martin, the agent of the prop
erty. The main apartment is a lar?e hall
capable of accommodating about l£oo men
by making u*e ot the gallery. As quickly
as possible all of this space will be filled
with beds, cots and bunks for the men.
Adjoining the large room are several
smaller apartments that wiM be utilized
for storerooms, kitchen, washrooms, etc.,
after the plan of the old Bijou Theater
thet siood on Market street where the
new trpreckels Market now stands.
The executive committee will at once
reduce the management of the new home
for the unemployed to a system. S'"» that
only worthy people will be provided for
and the m< Si desarving cases will be pro
vided for lirst. The list of applicants for
assistance will be very carefully looked
over, for those in charge are determined
that the; will give a good account of all
of the money and donations received from
the public
So far the committee has met with con
siderable success, and from present indica
tions the public will by its generosity see
that the worthy poor of San Francisco are
provided with the necessaries of life.
At 10:30 o'clock yesterday morning
Chairman Letting well presided over a
body of about 1200 men, who assembled at
117 Turk street, but as there were several
important committees still out, the meet
ing adjourned until i' p. si. In the after
noon the committee appointed to call j
upon Mayor Phelan with reference to se
curing employment for as many men as I
possible presented as its reDort the follow- J
ing Setter:
Gentlemen: I regret to inform you that i
Mayor Piielau is confined to his room by ;
sickness and, consequently, will hot be able to
keep his engagement with you at 12:30 p. m.
to-day. He has directed me to say that the
road proposition is receiving due'considera- '
jtion and that he is anxious to do everything i
possible for the betterment of the present con
dition of the unemployed. Yours truly,
W. B. Sullivan, Mayor's Clerk.
The three soliciting committees then
reported. A. J. Birell reported that Mur
phy, Granj, <fc Co. had donated ?10; W.
.ttodpers reported that Police Judges Low
and Campl>ell had each donated $5. James
Gore of Mission street a sack of coal and
the Spring Valley Water Company had
promised all the water the men required
ut the new headquarters on Howard street;
William Grimmer reported that Hoi brooic.
Merrill & Stetson had contributed about $20
worth ot cooking utensils, \V. W. Monta
gue a laige cooking ranee and the Ameri
can Tea Importing Company twenty
pounds of tea.
By this time the afternoon was well
sp?nt, and about COG men fell into l.neand
in the drizzling rain marched from the
Temple to the new quarters on Howard
street. All were well pleased with the
premises. Chairman Lafhngwell an I A.
J. t'obe delivered short addresses from the
gallery, in which they expressed the be
lief that the hour of deliverance was close
at hand, and that the public would pro
vide means by which the men's imme
diate wants will be filled, and that ere
long employment will .be furnished by
which the men could become again inde
pendent.
Fobe then placed the men in line and
gave out 315 ten-cent meal tickets. In a
short time these pieces of pasteboard were
presented at the restaurants, where the
hungry ones were well received.
It required but a glance to see that the
assistance was not rendered in vain, and
that every man present really deserved all
that he obtained. There was soup, roast
beef, mutton stew or pork, beans, pota
toes, coffee and all the bread required, and
all served smoking Lot. Maybe there are
many in this Gity who would not be at
tracted by such a spread, but tne cold,
wet, hungry fellows who sat at the tables
found no fault with their fare. After the
meal a large number went back to the
headquarters and put up the range and
dried their clothes by the fire; and those
who h»d blankets spread them on the
floor and slept. The others slept in chairs
and on tt c benches — none too comfort
able, to be sure, but still, better than
tramping the streets in the cold and wet.
While the men were sleeping the execj
tive committee again repaired to 117 Turk
street to discuss future movements. One
of the soliciting committees was instructed
to make special efforts to secure lumber
from tlie lumber merchants in order to
make bunks, tables, benches, etc., which
are much needed.
Lights in tho building are another ne
cessity that will have to be looked after.
Messrs. Moody, Grimmer and Sivell were
appointed as a committee to see that none
but worthy people are provided for -and
that all imposters are thrown out of the
ranks.
A committe° consisting of W. Grimmer,
J. Kline and H. Townsend was appointed
to draft, a plan for the organization of the
unemployed in tne headquarters and for
the management of the same; nl-o to sug
gest officer* and outline their duties for
and in the various departments of the new
home. There will be several meeting
held to-day.
Suchozynakl'* Queer Action*.
About six weeks ago Deputy Sheriff J. A.
Galland evicted Frank Suchozynski from 18
Colllngwood street for non-payment of rent.
Since then Suchozynskl has haunted the nlace!
even sleeping on thedoorstep and eating there!
Why he did this has not been explained. He
has been arrested for vagrancy and his strange
actions may be explained to Police Judge
Campbell to-day.
Aged Victim of Morphine.
Early yesterday a Mrs. Herrln died at 704
Howard street. She was about 60 years of ago
and no one knows who her friends are. The
l>oily was sent to the >forgue, where an autopsy
was made by Dr. Morgan, who lound thai the
exoetalva use <>{ morphine was the cause of
death. The woman's body was found to be
punctured from head to feet witb a hypoder
mic syringe.
Trunks .Mov.d 25 Cents.
Commercial Transfer Company, 43 Slitter st»
Tei. main 4i>. Furniture moved reasonably.*
TIIE SAX FRAXCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 19, 1897.
Unemployed Around the Fire in the Old Armory Building, Corner of New Montgomery and
Howard Streets.
MERCHANTS TALK
OF PAVEMENTS
They Also Submit Their
Views in a Proposed
Order.
Would Have a Surety Guaran
tee to Cover a Series of
Years.
Aspbaltum, Woodrn Blocks ani Vit
nfi:d Ericki They Say Should
Be Uud as Materials.
The representatives of the Merchants'
As-ociation were heard yesterday after
noon concerning the matter of street
pavements. The delegation was hc-aiied
by .President Dohrtnann and was accom
panied by Ernest Mr.i; 1 1: ■'!;.;!;, c vil engi
neer, and by Bernard Biener.lield. The
delegation nearly filled the room in which
the Street Committee of the Board of
Supervisors wus sitting.
Mr. Dohrrnann opened the proceedings
with a brief statement, and then Mr. Mo
Culloutjh read a lone document which
embodied recommendations made by him
to and favorably considered by the Mer
chants' Association. The recommenda
tion? had been put into the shape of an
ordinance to amend Order 21-I*l of the
Board of Supervisors, and in the preamble
f:iiriy defined the wishes of the associa
tion, as follow) :
Amending general order No. 214G by adding
thereto specifications for paving with asphalt,
wooden blocks and vitrified brick, to amend
the specifications for paving with basalt
blocks mid to provide for the paving of ac
cepted streets with any other paving material
which the contractor will guarantee to main
tain in good order for five years from the date
of the completion of the work.
The section providing for a guarantee
is, in full, as follows:
Sec. H. Section 21 of the abovo mentioned
genernl order shall read as follows:
Bee 21. Upon accepted streets which the
Board <>t BapervUors has accepted by or«ii
nance, whenever any repaying Ls to be done
any material may be used the contrac
tor will guarantee to maintain in ;
for a period of uot less than live nan, The
guarantee shall ue accompanied by r bond
with some responsible surety company as
surety, in the amount ot thp contract price.
Said burety shall be bound to perform tho
work if the contractor fail to do ho, aud the
contract shall specify that if at the etui of the
live years, or other period, the pavenie.it la
not In good condition, it shall be relaid with
the same or i-ny other material which is ac
ceptable to the Boar I «>f Bu |.< rrlaors.
In the case of work done nnder this section
or in the-case of any guaranteed work which
is not done under ■peoiflcaiionj provided for
otherwise in this i rder or the general order of
which this ls amendatory, the contractor
guaranteeing the pavement shall prepure the
specifications.
The foregoing provisions are the ones
which caused the principal discussion,
but there were others which were talked
over. One of these was as follow-:
Upon the concrete foundation, prepared end
laid as provided In section 4. shall be laid a
layer 01 asphalt "-earln i; surface, the bants of
whinn, or paving cement, man be asphaltum,
and the use of coaltar, petroleum, residuum
or of so-called artificial i>.*pnalts will not be
permitted in any portion of ilie work.
There were many features which were
passed without comment, . all the time
having been expended on the foregoine.
These were submitted to the Street Com
mittee, however, and will bo the subject
of much discussion hereafter. Among
them were the following:
The basalt blocks In the roadway to be laid
go that each block shall be imbedded in the
sand, and all blocks must set firmly upon the
foundation in a perfectly upright position
and as closely and compactly together as It is
possible to set them. The variation in width
of blocks in any one line across the roadway
shall not exceed one quarter of an inch. The
blocks shall not be less than 3% inches nor
more than 4 inches wide, not Uss than 7 nor
mote than 10 inches Ion?, and not more than
7', nor less than 7 inches deep. The minimum
number of blocks to the square yard shall
be 32.
In reference to asphalt paving Home of
the more important provisions proposed
were as follows:
Beforo the time of opening the bids for as
phalt paving the bidder must deposit with
the Superintendent of Streets the following
samples, which be will guarantee to be equal
i to the material* he will use: First, a sample
of the carbonate of lime or mineral dual ; sec
ond, a sample of sand; third, a sample ot the
asphaltic cement; fourth, a sample of the
liquid asphalt; fifth, a sample not less than
' six inches square, of the required thickness,
■of the finished wearing surfuce. This sample
shall have a corner broken off and a certifi
cate of a competent chemist shall be filed
with It which shall state that the chemist
broke the piece off the corner and analyzed it,
and ho shall state in said certificate the quan
tities of the materials therein and their
quality as shown by his analysis. The certify
cate of the chemist shall be tiled with the
| samples at the expense of the contractor fur
nishing the same.
During the progress of the work the con
tractor shall permit the Superintendent of
Streets to take samples of the materials and
test them to satisfy himself that the materials
used comply in all essentials witn the samples
submitted with the bids.
There were provisions concerning the
laying of bricks, and also concerning tho
use of wooden blocks. The blocks that
were considered usable were defined as
follows:
Kiln-driel blocks of white or yellow pine
treated with not iv* than ten pounds oi creo
to tli e cubic foot may be .used. The di
mensions may be 4 by 4 or t> by G Inches
and -1 inches deep, measured niouj,' the
grain. Or the blocks may be a inches wide,
7 to 10 Inches long and (i Inches dtep. But
only one >/. ■ <<r kind of blocks may be used
on any one piece of work. They shall be laid
In lines across the street with as close joints
as it is p< ssible to make, and when the pave
ment is completed the joints sliall l><
with nsphfilt and the paveraent covered with
ssphalt and gravel, as specified for the laying
of redwood I
Kiln-dried encalvpttn may be used In blocks
6 luch&i deep (uensured along the grain), :i
Inches wide and from 7 to 10 inches lon*.
Iron t.nrk - shall not ba used, i i
red j-Miin (E. rottrata) or blue gum (E. giobu
i they shall be treated with creo
■ 1 for pine blocks. Tftilow
wood (E. mlcrocorys) or b'.nck batt (E» pilu
larus) will not requiro any treatment.
The extracts are. civen at some length
to indicate the leading proposals of the
Merchants' Association.
Mr. Dobrmann contended that the con
tractor :>•» Davea a street and guarantees
it for a period of y«-ars should have the
sole richt to tear it up when it is necessary
to make openings for pipes. Tho associa
tion hopes, he also said, to see Market
*trept re paved, hut that may be a long
way uU. P rhaps a sewer system should
first be provided for the City. Tun led
him to say that the association believes
that shouiii the Legislature authorize the
bond issue which has been recommended
by the Supervisors the issue would by
open to question conc^rnintr ita legality
unless it was based upon a prior estimate
• co-,'. "Wo ire about lo aak the
Supervisors," he said, "to not ahead with
the work of the sewer commission from
the DO :it where it was dropped."
Mr. McDonald of the City Street Im
provement Company made some sugcea
rions. He thought the idea of a guar
antee not a bad one, but was of the opin
ion that it would not be fair to enforce a
surety guarantee. The ordinary bond
ought to be sutticier.t.
Mr. Dohrmaon s-aid that the ordinary
: mv not been satisfactory in all cases.
Then he a?ked Mr. McDonald wh:it he
thuught about holding back part of the
price in lieu of a bond.
Mr. McDonald said tnat such a plan had
not worked well. He alijo said that there
was no difference in the wearing quality
of asphalt and bitumen; also that it ap
peared to hi'u that the provisions would
bnr out nil but two asphalt companies.
Mr. McCullouprh denied that the plan
proposed would shut out competitors, and
Mr. Bienenfeld, who spoke at considera
ble length, also denied the assertion. The
discussion was somewhat ceneraL Tne
last remarks were made by Mr. Dolir
naann, who summed ud what the Mer
chants' Association wants as follows:
Modern pavements, the opportunity to
introduce different kinds of pavements
competitively, and a puarantee of good
work. The committee took t li #=- whole sub
ject matter under consideration.
AN ELABORATE BANQUET.
The Bar Asuoolatloti Sparing No Pains to
"I.ike .luilui- MrKenna's Kecep
tlon l.onijßcinemliered.
There will bo eighty-live members of
the Bar Association at the banquet of
Judge McKeuna, to be tendered next
Saturday evening. In addition the follow
ing members of the judiciary have sent in
their favorable resoonse to invitations:
Chief Justice Beatty and Justices Van
Fleet at'd McFarland of the Supreme
Court, Judges Bearles, Belcher and B-itt,
Commissioners of the Supreme Court,
and Judges Belcher, » oofc, Hebb.trd, Cof
fey, Bahrs, D-iing^rtinld and Seawell of the
Superior Court. Judge Van Dyke of Los
Angeles will also attend, as well as Judge
Morrow of the Federal court.
The rooms will be decorated inelaborate
style. The committee on arrangements is
composed of Charles P. Wheeler and Dr.
EdwardJll. Taylor.
NEW TO-DAY.
y"^Sr iVisniincss.
iNM * * h&fir^ TO GRASP YOUR FELLOW FIRMLY BY THE
C Sf * $¥§ • hand and look him in the eye; to know
PW&4 v « A §KM tnat in y° ur inner lie there lurks no weak-
£Xf! , f^tfSrf*^^ -» . ' -•' ' / By ness.no drain that leminds you of early iu-
-^^VglV"**-* 1 N\/»^l discretions or excesses; to Uel the fire of
#tswSBt%Ps^k^ N 'llffi* youth that brines to it- possessor happiness,
C^g^ytu -r?* _ irrT T ifr*2^T?T'pTi confidence in self, and the admiration of
'* r ~&~ 9 ~ - *■■ *T!^b» manly men and womanly women. Let this be
your goal. Aim high. If you are weak, stunted,
despondent; if yon have losses, bad dreams, night sweats, shaky nerves; if your weakness
causes you to shirk your duties, there is hope for you. Electricity as applied by DR. SANDEVS
ELECTRIC BELT will restore your strength. thousands of young mil old men have been
renewed, invigorated and strengthened by this wonderful appliance. New cures reported
daily. Here is another.
Lumbago and Varicocele.
Alameda (Cal.), February 10. 1897.
DR. A. T. SAXDEN— Dear Sir: I had been afflicted with lumbago for eight years and with
varicoceie for four years, when I commenced to wear your famous Belt. At that time I had
to wear a support continually and could not be without one. !«ince wearing your Belt I have
no further use for the supporter, My varicocele is all gone and mv lumbago completely cured.
1 feel like a new man and shall recommend your Belt to all my friends. Yours truly,
P. BUNKER, 2021 San Antonio avenue, AlamedH, Cal.
There's a touch of magnetism in the grasp of the manly man— the man who has not wasted
his strength, or having wasted it has regained it by the use of DR. SANDKN'S ELECTRIC
BELT. Do you envy the manly mm? Then why don't you make an effort to regain wh«t you
have loil? Call and consult tue doctor or send for the book, " Three Classes of Men," wnlch
tehs how manly strength ran be restored. It is sent free, snaled, by mail. A personal call or
a study of this book may save you years of misery. Act to day. There Is nothing more im-
portant than your health. Call or address.
S-A-IXri3DE3IXr 3HHJ3E3OTH.IO GO.,
632 MARKET ST., OPPOSITE PALACE MOTEL, SAN FRANCISCO.
Office hours— 3 A. M. to 8 P. M. ; Sundays, 10 to L Los An«el8« Office 204 South Broad*
.way; Portland. Or.. 233 Washington street; Denver, Colo., 933 Sixteenth street.
isG'li..— .Malic no mistuke iv Ue number— Market street.
THE OUTLOOK
FOR BUSINESS
E. J. Mitten, a Millionaire
of Boston, on the
Prospects.
Everybody East Expects a Spe
c>al Session and Tariff
Revision.
Will Start I lie Wheels, Employ Msn
aud Cause Large Investments
Ev.ry where.
E. J. Mitten, a millionaire member ot
the Croat dry-goods house of Jordan,
Marsh it Co., the largest in New England,
is at the Palace. He has been about three
weeks in different parts of Southern Cali
fornia, and will now be in this City and
vicinity for a short time. He is accom
panied by Mrs. Mitten, William H. Wood,
a leading lumber dealer of Boston, and
Mr-. Wood.
Mr. Mitten has been for nine years a
member of the large house alluded to, but
he has been connected with it since his
boyhood, some thirty-fivo years. He is
an intimate friend of General Charles H.
Taylor, proprietor of the Boston Globe,
who was here recently. I'robably no man
in New England is better infornie.l as to
the condition of business in the East.
"In the East there is a general feeline,"
said Mr. Mitten, "that soon after Mr. Me-
McKmley is inaugurated a special ses
sion of Congress will be called and the
tariff raised. If we get that done we will
be enabled to start a vast number of fac
tories and give employment to men now
idle.
"The revision, if properly made, will
bar out large amounts of foreicn-made
good-, and we will then make these goods
ai home. Instead of sending our money
for foreign gooda we will keep it at home,
and give employment to men who now
cannot get it. With employment they can
ocis.
"mere is just as much money in the
country now v* there ever was. Boston is
full of it, and New York is, and nearly all
largo places have it in l.berul amounts,
but thosu men who have It won't put it
out till they see they can get returns for it.
''Tho men who have been elected to
Congress are expected to at once give re
lief to the people. The men who put
them there are waiting for them to do it,
and it is the helief in the East that Con
cress knows th s is true, and will proceed
at niico to reconstruct the tariff.
*'I am surprised to see that California,
which is bigger than all New England and
one or two other State-" thrown in, has al
most no manufactories. In the East we
have them everywhere. It seems to me
that at least California might manufacture
a great many of the things which the
people use, whereas I am told that little
more is done than produce things in the
rough and soil them. And the freight-*,
some say, eat up most of the profit*."
Mr. Mitten's firm spends from $115,000
to $150,000 a year in advertising. He and
his friends will, after seeing tins City,
visit Monterey, Santa Cruz, San Jose and
the Lick Observatory.
GONE TO THE
PETROLEUM FIELDS
Strange Visit of Michael
Cudahy to San
Francisco. .
He Is Fighting the Standard
Trust— Believed to be Mak
ing a Coup.
Received Numb?r!ess Cablegrams and
Ccme and Went Mysteriously.
His Visit to Los Acgoles.
Michael Cudahy of Cudahy Bros., the
millionaire puckers of Chicago, Omaha
and Kansas City, who were announced re
cently as preparing to fight the great
monopoly, the Standard Oil trust, has
been on a quiet visit here for the last day
or two. It has been quiet so far as would
generally appear, but to those who think
themselves on the inside it was in refer
ence to matters cf momentous import
nice.
Mr. Cudahy has been very busy, almost
constantly answering cablegrams and tel
egrams. They were going to suite 84, on
the New Montgomery-street side of the
Palace, which he occupied, in large num
bers, and when Mr. Cudahy was not re
ceiving them he was usually answering
them.
It is believed that his visit to San Fran
cisco is in the interest of oil wells and oil
lands in Southern California. lie and his
brothers, who have lately branched out
from meat packing and dealing in grain
corners to furnishing oil for great corpora
tions, have acquired large oil lieids in both
Ohio and Indiana.
Tn'.-y bare also lately bought up bifr oil
wells and lands in the rich belt near
Kanitakee, 111., and have constructed
a pipe line to Chicago and built a great
tank in the latter place. It has already
been announced that they intend to fight
the Standard Oil trust. When this was
called to r,he attention of Mr. Cudahy, he
asked to be excused lrom giving any in
terview because of the important matters
engaging his attention. He soon there
after left for Los Angeles.
It is believed from all the circumstances
that the Cudahys are laying their ropes
to do a land-office business in oil. They
hnve got into ii gradually and not precipi
tately, as would at first seem. Michael
Cudahy is the inventor of oleomargarine,
butterine and several other things which
have revolutionized the packing business.
He made some 01 these discoveries while
wortiug for Phil Armour, for, as a good
many know, Michael and John Cudahy
aud their two brothers were once Door
boys and worked for Armour.
They do not do so any more, for they
are in front of the van. But as to the oil.
From butterine and oleomargarine and
the packing business itself, in which they
engaged extensively, they got to supply
inn fuel oil and afterward liluminatui;;
oil. Ail the fuel oil that Charles T. Yerkes
uses for his extensive cable and electric
hues is bought of them. They also have
an exclusive contract to furnish fuel oil
for the Edison Electric Company and the
Union Stockyards concerns, formerly fur
nished by the Standard Trust.
This has given them a great ground
work on which to proceed. They have
lately started oil wagons all over Chicago.
The Cudahy brothers consist of John,
Michael, Edward and Patrick. One ot
them failed in the panic live years ago,
but the others held him up and have re
deemed his notes and acquired a fortune
of millions besides.
Michael Cudahy wasted no time when
uere. He was full of business from tne
beginning to the end of his visit. He is
now in the southern oil fields.
A di?patch from Los Angeles last night
said the Standard Company was probably
now about to confront the most formid
able rival it had ever known. Mr. Cudahv
hew to-day:
[ Be sure you get the right
flavor of Schillings Best
tea. If you have been
drinking Japan you won't
like Ceylon.
There are five flavors:
Japan, English Breakfast,
Oolong, Ceylon, and the
Blend.
All money-back tea at
grocers'.
A Schilling & Company
San Francisco - i^
KEW TO-DAT— AMUSEMENTS.
fniCDLAnfILR-OOTTIOD* G>- UsiWAioruuvw«>--
ONLY i FEW
A | LEFT,
LAST MATINEE TO-MORROW.
OH-A-R/I-iEIS HOPPER
And His Clever company IB
"CHIMMIE FADDEN"
Every Member of the Original Company and
All the 3-aultless Stage Effects.
NEXT MONDAY FANNY RICE
jjg- No Matinee Performance on Monday.
Come Monday Night. See "AT THE
FRENCH 15 ALL." •
MECHANICS' PAVILION.
THE EVENT OF THE SEASON.
PRIZE MASQUERADE BALL!
YEREIN EINTRACHT.
Saturday, February 20, 1897.
350 Costumed People in Grand March. Five
Beautifnl Tableaux, Five Divisions. Twenty-live
lady Amazons, Ground and Ladder Pyramids by
24 Athleies. Grand Klectnc Calcium Light
KffPCts. Frizes to the value of $500 will be dig
tributed. liecep:ion Concert from Bto 9 p. m.
ADMISSION, ONE HOLLAR.
Beau ltd Seats 50c extra.
GOLDSTKI.N & CO UK, HB9 Market street.
THE CHUTES.
EVERY AFTERNOON AM) EVENING.
BUBCH. theUoliien Vamplre.BßKSlNO.Wlre
Walker, and the ANIMATOSCUI K.
At Night— Fireworks Washington's Birthday!
ADMISSION 100 CHILDREN 5c
SUTRO BATHS.
FINE PKOORAM3IK.
Grand Concert Every Sunday Afternoon.
General Admission, 10c; Children, sc.
Trouble in the Latin Quarter.
Isador Merle has sued Antonio Bocca, asking
for a writ of injunction because tno defendant
attempt* to interfere with the erection of a
brick building in the Latin quarter by Merle.
BTE"W 10-DAT-AMDSEMEMTS.
BALDWIN THEATER.
AlHatmam (Incorporated) Proprt«o.-i
THE EMINENT ACTOR, MR.
LOUIS JAMES.
To-Nijfht (Friday) and Mat. Saturday,
MY LORD Ai\D SOME LADIES
Saturday Night (by Request),
JXJIjIXJS C.SISAR,
Sunday Night ....j .• OTHELLO
NEXT WEEK !
3 WEEKS, MAT. SATURDAY ONLY.
JAMES A. HERNE
as NATHANIEL BERRY in
" SHORE I "
Direction lIENRY C. MIXER.
SEATS NOW SELLING.
CALIFORNIA THEATER.
Aii Uayman & Co. (Incorporated). ...Proprietors
TO-NIQHT!
ALL THIS A^O FIRST 3 NIGHTS
NEXT WEEK.
TWO MATINEES
Mat. Sat. and Washington's Birthday.
"OUR, LITTLE"
=CINDERELLA CO.=
Introducing a galaxy of Child Actors and Act-
resses. A series of Startling and Amusing Special-
! ties.
NEW AND GORGEOUS
SCENERY, COSTUMES. EFFECTS.
Prices, 'i-,c to 81.00.
A good reserved seat on lower floor 50e.
ttf EXTRA
February 25, 2G, 27 and 28,
SOUSA'S
CONCERT BAND.
FIFTY MUSICIANS.
JOHN PHILIP SO US A...; Conductor
Assisted by
i Sirs. Elizabeth Northrop (Soprano),
Miss Martina Juhnatnne (Violinist).
Seats on sale Monday, February SSd«
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUS2
iIBa.fc.RNKaTiNK Khei-in ». Proprietor & Manager
LAST TIMES
THE SUCCESS OF SUCCESSES!
THE UP-TO-DATE EXTRAVAGANZA,
ALADDIN,
Or, THE WONDERFUL LAMP.
EVERY EVENING
JB3T AT 8 _g*r
NFXT WEEK
GRAND DOUBLiE BILL!
"PATIEOT"—"CALf\TEA."
I The Best All-Aronnd Opera Company In
This Country.
Popular Prices '■ — 25c and 50c
MOROSCO'S
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
WAL.TKK MOROSCO...SoIa Lessee and Manijj:
FIRST PISODUCTION ON THIS COAST
of the Thrilling Comedy-
OUT IN THE STREETS!
I By S. N. Wood, Author of "Ornbans of New
York" and Other Great successes.
A PLAY FULL OF EXCITEMENT!
Many New People ! All New Scenery!
Wonderful River of Fire !
New Specialties, New Songs, New Dances
KTrnlnz Prices— <.r>c and "ilj.
Matinees Saturday and Sunday.
ANOTHER STUPENDOUS BILL.
THE FIN M-.YS. Champion swimmers; HAVES,
LYTTO.N 4 HAY Kb!, In "Camllle Up to Date."
THE PANTZERS, Funny Demons; THE
KE.\FOS. Aerial Artists: the GltANb
OPERA IiIAIUET. OCILU
A hramokk, .MiSS Cottk and MIB3
BOSK, and Numerous Noveltiri.
Reserved Seats, 25c; Balcony 10c; Opera Cn3iri
and Box Seas, 50c.
Concerts by the Royal Hungarian Court Or-
chestra immediately after the evening perforni-
auce in the Orphoum Annex.
A ■ f% Bm 9 RW% I Another Record-breaker!
11l iifl/IIK A Packed House A aln
nLUHh fill I Last Mght!
SARDOU'S GREATEST COMEDY.
A SCHAP ; OF PAPEU!
i-i^i_^<_, *_'~i_rxj~<_j~_~_~_~_~_i~u~i_i~i_i~i_i~i_ri_i~i_i~u>~'-i~'-)~'-'^ 1 ■
Everybody DelUhied! So Don't Miss It!
HUGO r6I,AND, J. B. POLK aid the Kntire Co.
Our Regular Prices!
Telephone for seats— BlacK 991.
COOPER MEDICAL COLLEGE,
Corner Sacramento and Webster streets.
LANE LECTURES.
I FRIDAY EVENING FEBRUARY 19,
DR. EMMET RIXFORO,
"JOHN AND WILLIAM HUNTER AND
THEIR WORK."
US' ADMISSION KRRE..CCr
DACINGI RACING! RACING!
CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB — •
WINTER MEETING. 1398-97.
Beginning Monday, Feb. 8, to Feb. 20, Inclusive.
OAKLAND TRACK.
Baclnj; ."Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday,
'ihursdajr', J'°rid:iy in Saturday.
Wain or .<hlne.
FIVK OR MOKE. RACES EACH DAY.
. Races Start ac 5J:15 I*. M. Sharp-
Ferry iioats leave San Francisco a: Vi m. ana
12:30, .00. 1 :30, '2:1)0. 2:30 and 3P. M.. Connect-
ing witu trains stoppln; at the entrance to traclc
Buy your ferry tickets to Shell Mound.
Returning— Trains leave the Tract at 4:15 aai
4:15 r. M. and Immediately after the last race.
THOMAS U. WILLIAMS Jit* ITeildeafc
B. B. MiLiiov, becreury.
7
it8
MUDLARKS NOW
IN BIG DEMAND
Three First Choices Se
cured Brackets at
Emeryville.
Monitor Was First in the Open
ing Event at Odds
of io to I
Frank Jaub?rt at Last Cut Loose.
Babe Murphy Ou'.footed H r
F;e!d the Last Furlong.
•
The racing at Emeryville yesterday was
interspersed with magnificent rainbows,
streaks of sunshine now and then, shower. 1 *
of rain at intervals compelling the crowd
to keeo under cover and one or two edify
ing dumps that helped deplete the ex
chequer of the talent. Yet with all the
special entries, big fields and a track that
was a sea of mud, bettors more than held
their own. Three tirst choices were success
ful, and the winners of the other three
events were iiot overlooked by the ob-erv
ant eye of the "dope" player. The attend
ance was only fair and the racing was de
void of any special incident.
Fourteen "dogs" started in the opening
five and a half furlong scramble, and good
odds were obtainable against all. At post
lime Edgomount had been played down
from fours to sto 2 favoritism. Bourbon
and Iron Jacket were in front as the stretch
was reached, but both soon had enough,
and Monitor ridden by Gus Wilson, tak
ing the lead won handily trom Flay Boy.
aloto 1 shot. As good as 10 to 1 was laid
against the winner.
Twelve two-year-olds faced the barrier
in the three and a half furlong dash that
followed. Sir William was a pronounced
favorite, and taking command in the
stretch downed On Gua Nita at the end
without effort. Moringa was a fair third.
Frank Jaubert was finally cut loose and
made a runaway race of the third event,
beating the 7 to 5 favorite, Kienzi, fully
ten lengths. The ring at one time laid 12
to 1 against Alex Shields' fast horse. Three
Forks, the second choice, was third.
Always with a weather eye turned
toward muddy eoitig, Louis Ezeil's mare,
Babe Murphy, was right In i.er element
and captured the mile and a sixteenth
selling purse very cleverly, starting a 7 to
5 favorite. Chartreuse, trie second choice,
followed by Ike L, made the running to
the far turn, where Ike fell back and Red
Glenn ran into second position. Chart
reuse managed to hold the lead until
opposite the paddock, where she was
passed by both ihe favorite and the out
sider St. Aignon, Ezell'e mare winning
cleverly by nearly a .ength in L:s4}£.
A. B. Spreckeib' sprinter, Pat .Murphy,
unlike his brother Tun, seems to revel in
mud. He was a2to 1 favorite for the fifth
event, n livf- and a half furlong sprint, ami
succeeded in downing Frank Phillips'
good mudlark Shield Bearer quitn
handily. The latter iooked a winner oppo
site tbe pandock, but Pal linished strong
on the outsiae. passing the wire nearly a
length to toe good. Mainstay was a close
third.
Liberal scratching left fbui seven to go
to the post in the final six-furlone spin.
La Flecha was b.icked down to 2 to 1 favorit
ism, and finished laM. Bozeruan, on
Ricardo, one of the second choices, got
that sprinter away in iront, and holding
i: is advantage, led throughout, boating
Joan out four iengtns at the wire. Howard
was thini.
P'oiiowine are to-drty's entries:
Fin: race, Rpllnsr, one mile.
si>B oo'lrhopi>er..l(.6 (sC6)Monitor 98
571 Klcardo 1031 --37 -Monterey 106
6HJ Coda 961 557 Jack Martin 98
THE "CALL" RACING GUIDE.
(CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB. Oakland Racetrack. Thursday. February 18. Forty-ninth
day of the Winter Meeting, 1896-97. Weather wet. Track slpppv. y
5(56 ;i5 "Act— Eleven sixteenths of a mile; sell^g: mree-year-olds and upward: purse »300.
sfiT B - EOt)Sl '' D RAt!E — Seven-sixteenths of a mile: far-olds: purse »360.
568 aHlitlJ HACK— *even-elghths of a mile: three-year-olds and upward; purse $4.0
5(»9. iOUKTII "ACK-one and a sixteenth miles; selling; purse *400.
570. FIFTU KAI;K - K !«ven-.!xte-ntbß o» a mile; selling: three-year oids and apward; nurse *800.
571 SIXTH *•*«-'£— Three-quarter* of a mlie. soiling; purse $400. "~"
.'-71 Bonsaa 106 557 Charles A 103
548 Keacan 103 " . Cherrystone. ...lo3
669 Franco S8
(second race, selling; one mile.
621 Hansoine H)\S 521 Mule Cripple. .lo6
104 Canielia 94, 666 IVck«n;irY lU4
88 ir Da Colorado.. lo6 617 Jerome 114
(s;<l ilVrieus 106
1 bird rac»». purse, three-quarters of a mile.
. 536 Morena 951 651 Imp . iSain 115
(600) Lady ilnrst ...105 (&61>ArroKJ 116
(Us) Sweet William. ll6|
Fourth race, eleven-sixteenths of a mile, selling
661 i:n gull 107 661 II i:ne ta. 106
655 hzoiwit-1 107 ml Nunr.omar. 104
6VO >eva or Morgan 107 020 Chappie. 107
6.4 Mercntto 110 664 Torpedo 107
564 Roseile 1t. 4 541 Allanera 108
621 Yiiclng 104: .v.6 Tuare 104
568 Atticuj 110 631 Defender 110
661 -.in.-- - .Ninety- .18 Hfßirifd lu4
Mm- 110 570 Apia... 106
• 669 Ko>Carruihers.lo7 l
Fifth race, three-Quarters of a mile, selling.
663 Carrie U 9* (563)summertlme...lO2
549 Applause 105 ... sinfalia 102
429 llcruutnita 105 364 Kquity 97
554 Una Que Amo. 94 668 .Hazel D 94
617JloilieA 101' 648 Kventlde 94
658 lorslna 97!
Sixth race, one mile, selling.
563 Walter J 104 652 Monlta 106
657 Foremost 103 365 Can't Dance .104
467 Unity 98 658 « a ienle 104
621 Cabrlllo, 112 651' Formal 101
SKLtCTIOXS FOR TO- DAT.
First race— Cherrystone, » liarles A,
Jatk Martin.
Second race — Pencai, Rimamc, Una
Colorado.
'Iliinl raca — Arrezio, imp. Sain, Sweet
William.
Fourth race — Nuncomar, >'me Ninety
Nino, Hannetta.
J ifth race — Summertime, Tnnina, Ap
plause.
Sixth race— Walter J, Caliente, Can't
Dance.
DO NOT WANT LOW FARES.
Richmond District Association Hat
Adopted K'Kolutlon* Against the
Brauuhart Bill.
A special meeting of the Ricnmond Dis
trict Improvement Association was held
Tuesday evening at Siramond's Hall, at
the corner of Fourth avenue and Califor
nia street, Charles H. llubbs, the presi
dent, being in the chair. Many street
railway employes were present. Speeches
were made by Messrs. Uubbs, Ktiox, Van
Frank, Qlynn, Ferretta, GalJand, Stewart
and others. After a lew remaiks J. G.
Maloney introduced and read the follow
ing resolutions, which were unanimously
adopted by a standing vote: •
Whereas, The Richmond District has been
fairy treated in the matter of street rail
roads, particularly since the inauguration of
the Sutro Electric Railway; and whereas, any
reduction of streetcar lares at this time would
only work an Injury to this and other lines
who deserve the support of the public lor their
efforts for the public good; ana whereas, the
proposed reduction in lures would certainly
result in the cutting of wage* of the employes
on the different lines, aid believing tuat the
working classes whom this reduction is claimed
to benefit do not wish to be benefited at the
expeuse of their fellow-workers on the differ
ent lines of streetcars in this City, be it
Resolved, That we the citizens of the Rich
mond district do oppose the passage of the
Braonhart or any other similar bill reducing
streetcar fares 8t the present time, believing
that the same would be an (injustice to the
employes on the different lines and a simple
confiscation of the smaller lines in this City
and elsewhere through the State; believing
that competition will fix the rates, and that
alt competing lines be encouraged, and not
crushed out of existence, as the passage of this
bill will certainly do.
Beit further resolved. That we urge our Sen
ators and Assemblymen in the Legislature to
oppose the passage of the Braunhart or any
other similar bill reducing streetcar fares at
present in this City.
HENRI B. SHAW'S ESTATE.
The Pioneer Druggi«t's Property Be
queathed to His --elHtivet.
The wiil of the late Henry B. Shaw has
been filed for probate by Mrs. Kate Shaw,
■widow of the deceased, who is named in
the instrument as executrixand residuary
legatee.
To Nathan W. Shaw, brother of the
testator, is bequeathed all of the personal
clothing and watches of the decedent, and
to Harry Howard Shaw $500. The re
mainder of the estate goes to the widow.
It is estimated that the pr< perty is worth
$10,000. It consists of money, bills re
ceivable, chosea in action and a drugstore
a: 3 Montgomery street, this City.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 19, 1897.
SHE WILL WED
AN ARMY MAN
Miss Ethel Cohen and Lieu
tenant Bent Are
Engaged.
Announcement Made at an
Aiternoon Tea and Presidio
Dinner.
The Fiancee, Who Is a Belle and a
Beauty, Is tbe Daughter cf tbe
Late A. A. Cohen.
Yesterday afternoon at a tea given at
the residence of Mrs. Henry Gibbons, cor
ner of Polk and Geary streets, the engage
ment of Miss Ethel Cohen and Lieutenant
Lyman Bent was announced.
This is quite the most interesting en
gagement of this season, and whiie not
altogether a surprise was still unexpected.
There were about eighty young ladies
present at the tea and when the blushing
MISS ETHEL COHEN AND LIEUTENANT CHARLES BENT.
U. S. A^ Whose Engagement Has Just Eeen Announced.
[From photographs by Taber.] .
finncee whispered the interesting news she
was oyerwbeimed with congratulations.
In the evening Lieutenant Bent gave a
dinner at the Piesidio and imparted to his
guests the same interesting announce
ment.
Mis Cohen is the daughter of the late
A. A. Cohen of Alameda. She is th>j niece
of Dr. Henry Gibbons and sister of Mrs.
Lansing and Mrs. Daggett o! New Haver..
She made her debut in local society two
seasons ago aim immediately became a
popular belle. Charming in manner and
beautiful in p» rson no entertainment was
considered complete without her presence
Miss Cohen spent last summer in the
East, the guest of er sister, Mrs. Dagi/ett.
Lieutenant Bent, the fortunate man,
graduated from West Point in 1894. He
has been stationed at San Diego, Angel
Island and Benicia, and is now second lieu
tenant of the First Infantry, Presidio.
Endowed with a.l the sterling qualities
that niako a rrave «od;er Lieutenant
Bent yet possesses many of those delight
ful traits tnat make the popular society
man. At the tea Miss Coben was assisted
in receiving her triends by Mrs. Thomas
Magee, Mrs. Gibbons, Mrs. Cohen, Miss
Emma Butler, Mis- Alice Moffltt of Oak
land, Miss Daisy Van Ness, Mint Kate
Salisbury, liisa Bern ice Landers, Miss
Bernice Drown Miss Mo, lie Thomas, Mis-
Florence Josselyn, Miss Helen Wagnor
Miss Ida Gibbons' Miss Edith Preston",
Miss Edith Stubbs uni Miss Florence
DenimniL-. The guests at Lieutenant
Bent's dinner in addition to tiie officer
of the Presidio included E. M. Grs-en
way, Ednar Peixotto. Mr. Greenwood.
Walter Ma/cc, Morton Oibbon.-, Waller
Gibbons and R:idick Dupera.
THE JUDGE WILL REFEREE.
His Honor From Polioe Court 1 'Will
Overave the lug of
\V»r.
Th« raptains of the tut;-of-war team*,
after some deliberation upon the subject
of a refereo ior the comi::g match, finally
decided upon Judi?e Campbell, and to
bim the following letter was sent:
San Francisco, February 13,1897.
Hon. J. A. Campbell, Police Judge, New City
Ilall, City— Dear Sir: We the undersigned
captains of the ten tng-of-war tennis, who art!
to compete in the forthconu^K tournament at
the Meebanfea J Pavilion, February 27 to
March 9, Suuiiays excepted, being desirous of
selecting a referee therfore whose nnme would
bo c guarantee of good Inith, honor and Jus
tice, and in whom the public would repose ab
solute confidence, most respectfully request
you, as eminently poß»es.sing such qualifica
tions, to serve in the capacity of referee in said
tournament.
liehig now in active training lor a tourna
ment which promises more satisfaction in
meritorious and manly sport than the best
that liny.- preceded, because of the true sports
manlike feeling acinnting the men, each ana
ah of whom are determined to put forth our
most earnest efforts tor a creditable, interest
ing aud honestly contested tournament for the
success of our respective teams and the honor
of the country under whose flag we compete
therein.
We inclo*e a copy of our rules, which will
be faithfully adhered to. air. McN'clll, in
whom we repose the utmost confidence, who
is the manager and promoter of the tourna
ment, offers very liberal cash prizes .'or dis
tribution according: to schedule. ' Notwith
standing our willingness to accept his word
and rely upon his honor in the distribution of
the prizes as agreed to in the rule i. he insists
on drawing a check and pinning the same in
the Bank oi California for the lull amount of
cash prizes, subject to the decision of the
releree.
Awalllntr a favorable reply we remain re
spectfully. Peter Buckley, captain United
States team; James W. Hardnedy, captain
Irisn team; Alexander Campbell, cap-aln
Scottish team; H. Schilling, captain Gorman
team; Alexander Earbe, captain French team-
N. Lan-ou, captain Danish team; Joseph
Merani, captain Italian team; John Jchnson
captain Norwegian team; A. M. I'lanek*
captain Swedish team; George Dupliss°a'
captain Canadian team.
This invitation Judfre Campbell ac
cepted in the following language:
San Francisco, February. 17, 1897
Peter Buckley, Captain of the United Slate*
Team, and captain* of the other nine teams who
will engage m the int-naticnnl tug-of-wr.r con
ttn— iitNTI.EMEs: lum i:> receipt yourCom
punientttrv communication of the 13th iasl.,
and have carelully noted Content* thereof.
Whsla I appreciate the responsibility that
Will dp vo v<- upon me in acting as referee in
the coming international tug-oi-war contest,
yet as 1 , ia always heartily in favor of ibe »<l
-v«ncemeiu of all manly spert, I will »;th
pleasure accept your kind offer nnd discharge
me iljty t" the Dest of my nuiUty.
It is ni.-f<iit.- s for me to *ay that I hope and
f«vl ihat the tournament will urove a g-eat
success and promote -nthuiiißsru in this
special line of ppor;. Thanking you again, I
remain, most respectful. y yours.
J a. Campbell.
ALASKA'S APPEAL.
The Chamber of Commerce Will Assist
to Obtain a Jepr««ent!itive In
Congress.
The Chamber of Commerce of San Fran
cisco is working actively to secure a rep
resentative in Congress for Alaska. The
matter was brought io the attention of the
chamber ty L. G. Kaufman, a representa
tive bu-ines- man of Alaska. The gentle
man came to this City for that purpose
alone.
The following petition signed by the
president, Hugh Craig, and the trustees
was yesterday forwarded to the Senate and
House of Repre-emaiives:
The Chamber of Commerce of Sun Francisco
respectiully calls your attention to the neces
sity for the representation of the lhstrict of
Alaska in the House of Representatives. Its
rapid. y incrensing importance, lis isolation
and distance from the seat of our General
Government and the anomaly of its Federal
control by a power thousands oi mtlea distant
which accords it no voice In the protection ot
its interests, appear valid reasons for your ac
quiescence iv this reasonable request. We
consequently pray thr.t you will m~e the
proper steps to admit one representative
from our greatest territory to the Fifty-fifth
Congress.
ROAD RACE ENTRIES.
Handicap* for the ■<* R«n<rf:tt«il Clubs'
Twenty-live Mile Kv-nt-A Post
ponement Probable.
Official Hendicapper Smyth of the
League of American Wheelmen has just
completed th« arduous task of handicap
ping ninety-eight entries lor the annual
twenty-live mile road race of the Califor
nia Associated Clycling Clubs, which is
scheduled for next Monday, Washington's
Birthday, over the San Leandro triangle.
Tuis is a much larger entry-list than the
race has ever attracted be. ore, which is
po;sD!y accounted for by the lar-je and
vuluaole prize list offered, there" being
fouf time and twenty-one p:.ice prizes
altogether.
The ri'iers, their clubs and handicaps
are as follows :
Scratch— H. \V. Squires Acme; I. R. Llnd,
Imperial; A. \V. Cleaver, Reliance; George W
Tautau and J. K. Wing, Olympic; Tony Doll
mas, Garden City; Charles A. Krnti. Bay City
George M. llamlin, San Francisco Road Club
Two minute*— W. Manet. Imperial; G. H.
Crafts, Acme. •
Three minutes— & O. Kragness and G. E.
kroetz. Olympic; R. R. !sh-.-i.rinan, Garden
City; A. J. Menao, T. A. Griffiths nnd Emit
LaiiKueun, Bay city; Waiter LeltCb. Capital
City; h. J. fcuiiiU and George A. Wyiuau.
Acme.
Four minutes— S. Hall, Bay Cltv; a. 8.
McUaugall ana Si. F. Rote, Acme; J.'Ulrscli,
Capital City; W. L. Loos. Olympic; I). D
Baser, Gardt-n City; B. H. EUord. Reliance.
tour and a hall minutes— C. P. A rmstning,
Saula Rosa: L. A. I'ayen, Capital Citr; J. A.
Carpenter, Alameda; T. 11. Waite, California;
Theodore bchlcuier. Acme; Dan Murphy
V ar , d « v City; X H. Hammond ana L. H.
. smitli, Oiyinp.c; Johu Davidson, Harry
Fowler, iJuy City: J. 8 lircretoti, Reliance.
tive minutes— L. A. Vouu-, Capital City; P.
11. Ro-piitieim, p. a i fuc. ,m. Reliance; \v. J.
Black. Golden Gat j R. Robinson, Guy Frost,
ban Francisco; K. Hawass. E. A. Boxlo, Im
perial; I' M. LeieTre, C. H. ataples. Acme; B.
C. Kaynaud, Walter l)«vldsou, Bay City; B. W
Uenmard, Olympic; W. C. Bonriuauii, Caii
iornia.
Six minute?— A. E. Cumber*, Alameda;
George llx> Sttllla Rosa; John Magee, W. Mc-
Keller, Olympic; C. R. Griffith, J. J. Borree,
Reliance; J. H. oier, j. a. Clymer, Acme; a.
A. Onion, Imperial; Charles Dobei, Snn Frnu-
I Cisco; F.R. Haley, Bay city; Charles V. Wil-
I ion, Capital City; J. J. Van Dyne, California.
hc-ven minutes— H. B. Williams, R. b. Dnu
can, F. Hansen. W. K. Carnian, California;
H. C. Ramsay. Olympic; L. 11. Wolf. F. Simen,
V. J.Galiudo, Chines BlamtnTj:. Acme; F. L.
Ihiel, ban Francisco; C. W. Still. Bay City;
C. F. Bauer. C. 11. Davis, Cupiml City; M. K.
o&ines, Alameda; G. G. Lehner. Reliance.
Seven and a halt minutes— Ernest A. Hel
more. Olympic; F. C. Helder. August Bchutt,
Carl Werner, Acme; George J. J«Ck*on, Cap
ital City; Jonn Deephouse. F. Boeckman, Bay
city; M. G. Francis, M. Quimby, San Fran
! Cisco; J. A. Moller, Alan.e.ia; J. C. Larsen,
, A. J. Mrei, California; N. Borree. Reliance.
»r }£„ minutes— Joseph Mochado, Acme;
11. G. Curtis, Alameda; E. H. Ward, Califor
nia; J. Keating, Reliance; Will Smith, lm
periai.
Ten mlnutes-F. Bobbins, California.
. Chairman Adams of the road-racing
comnutee stated yesterday that i.c
thought seriously of postponing the race
until Sunday, March 7, owing to the
muddy condition of the Sin Leandro road.
A visit will be paid to the course this aft
ernoon to decide this question. Most of
the riders would hue it postponed, as it
would give them another fortnight in
which to train, of which most of them
have hau little enough, owing to ;he in
clement wemherof late.
Frank W. Fuller and R. M. Welch left
ew York Wednesday on their return
♦Rom the National Assembly of the League
of American Wheelmen. Frank H. Ker
rigan will remain a week or two longer.
Divorce Snlte filed
Suits for divorce have beeu filed as follows:
Martha Schur against Aujtust Schur. for fail,
ure to provide; Marie Schutte against Fred
Schutte, for desertion; John J. Chase Jr
a K *mit Eathtr Chase, Xor desertion.
A UNION PACIFIC
CHARITABLE WAVE
Free Food Transportation
for India Famine Suf
ferers.
Secretary Perry Issues a Circu
lar Author zing Sub
scriptions.
A List of Citifs That Hsve Subscribed
the Largest Am tints of Grain
Ihus Far.
The committee in charge of the Indian
famine relief fund is meeting with very
encouraging success in all the Western
States, and corn is already on tne way
from lowa and Nebraska consigned to
George W. McNear's warehouses at Port
Costa, whence it will be shipped directly
to Indiu.
Tne telegraph companies have gener
ously responded to the call of t£e commit
tee, and are sending dozens ol messages
every day free of charge.
In addition to the offer of the Southern
Pacific Company to transpori 1000 tons of
corn from lowa, Nebraska and adjoining
States to this coast free of charge, a tele-
Kram was received yesterday from the
Union Pacific Company stating that it
would ntul 500 tons free to Ogden from
any point west of Omaha, provided the
grain was shipped at stations on Union
Pacific lines. All offerings from this State
north of Moiave will also be handled free.
The commission wisely began the work
of raising subscriptions in the great gram
Sta'.e* befoie siiicitinn from California,
but now that tne tide has set in from thai
region the campaign bus opened vigor
ously in this State and yeVerday tele
graphic m?ssaces were sent flying ail over
the coast, urging co-operation and prompt
action in order that the contributions
from this and neighboring States may be
ail in by the time tiie grain from east ol
the Rockies readies tidewater. The in
tention is to ship all together.
As soon as the cargo can be prepared for
shipment the Government will nave the
vessel ready, and tlien over the broad
Pacific wiii go the food co keep life and
strength in the breatus ot the starving and
plague-stricken in abiiantsof the Orient.
The roads wtiich have up to d.-.te prom
ised tree transportation are the Central
Pacific, Chicago, Milwaukee and St. Paul,
the Chicago ana Rook Island, and tne
Union Pacific.
The ciuea which so far responded most
generously to the call lor assistance are
Fairfl?!d, Lennox. Dea Moiucs and Coun
cil ijluffs, Iowa; Lincoln and Omaha,
Nebr. ; Salem, Baker City an. l Portland,
Or.; Oiympia and fcpokane, Wash.; ban
Jose, Tu.are nod Stockton, Cal.
Tne fo. lowing signe 1 statement for the
beneli; ot those wishing to subscribe has
been issued by Secretary Perry:
Ah the banks havo lists on which anybody
so disposed can make subscription lor any
amount from 50 ce:its to $.")ooi mon-. Ail the
insurance coiuja ies have Ibe fame, except
the Kortu British and Mercantile, ana thi»
company wns so bu>y that it could tind no
timo to atteml to cimritnble objects, notwith
standing tola is an £nel.>h company ana tne
othcid.s are paid by K..giish people.
R. L). i'EKKY, Secretary.
Application was mule Wednesday
morning to tue local Britisu Consul to
u-e his* endeavors to have bis Govern
ment remit all duties en the «argu *ent to
India, and aiso to ttansport v to all
points in India whera it may be desired to
send it. Tbe Consul telegraphed the re
quest to the home Government, and a re
ply will doubtless be received to-day.
This is, of course, a mere matter of form,
as tiie Government cannot but be glad to
grant such a reques'.
MIDWEEK THEATER NOTES
Louis James and His Company
Appear in J hakespca: e
at th° Baldwin.
Seme Little lots Wan Do "Turn?"
at the Calilornia-Ndt Week.
Bill?.
Loui* Jnmrs played "Otliei'o"at the Bald
win Theater Wednesday night for the iirst
time during his present engagement. The
performance wai very pr*ttiiy staged, the
opening scene, representing the Grand
canal at Venice, bi-ine a piece of coloring
that almost recalled Turner's Venetian
pictures.
The traeedian's interpretation of Othello
is familiar to San Francisco audiences,
and last niglu he piayt-d the role of the
Moor with his usual thorough effective
ness; there were moments, however,
when Jame-i showed a tendency to drop
his voice overmuch for a theater the size
of the Baldwin.
L'luis James was very enthusiastically
received in "Hamlet" at the Baldwin
'I li^ater last nisht. At the end of the
"Player Scene" the curtain was raised
ajrnin and again, and James w:is finally
obliged to appear alone alter the drop
curta'n had lal e:i.
The actor's interpretation of Hamlet
showed littie perceptible difference from
last year. His characterization is careful
and artistic, and partly owing to the fact
that it is not too deeply tinged with gloom
it interests the audience to a noticeable
degree.
William Spraßue'* Polonius was tho best
piece of work in the star's support. The
local actor was the fussy, verbose, meddle
some old statesman to the life and d»d
much to atone for some mequantiesin the
performances ol a few of ttie minor num
bers of the cust.
"Our Ltttle Cinderella" at the California
Theater is improving nightly, as the ch.ldren
who play ah the pans, are gaining in courage'
with each performance. Considering the tendtr
ape of a great many of ;i.e lute people and the
sleepy condition which is normally theirs -a
the hour when they are lictlntr their p,-if rni
ance is reaily a remarkable one. Almost to 8
child they areleter-perfeci, aud most of them
act their parts and do their turns lnaw'av
that is charming to every one interested in
children.
Jimmy Horn, tho youthful actor who dig
tinguishes himself mosi, >hows signs of beim
an incipient Ferris Hartman. There are
others However. Gus i Lvick, uho does not
look irs if he had much more than rounded the
first decade of liie, gives * very spirited ren
dering of the roe ot Cinderella's lather Ni-'n
Cook makes quite a character study of the"ro <•
of the Princes valet, a ;.a Jennie Sawyer and
Floss.c Sawyer ar* clever little impersouatois
of the nauu-hty siners. Rosina D'Euuer
dances prettily as uinderelLi, but both she and
Auce Coudon. who p ia ys tbe Prince are a
CASTORJA
For Infants and Children.
Ti»fao- >y -
good deal bißger than most of the children.
Ba!>y Ruth Hdwland is tar smallest oi t!ie tote,
and she does a clever little souk and dance
"turn."
It wend improve the performance if the
fairy fountain scene at tJe .>pemng of the play
cou'd be curtailed, for the serious little tairius
are the leist enlivening i>r.rt oi tiie bill.
"Our Littie Cinderella" will ruu till Tuesday
next.
Although in its last r.ights "Chlmmie Fad
don" is still filling the Columbia Theater, and
would no doubt continue to <io so longer if it
were possible ior "t'hiuimie" 10 remain. Next
Monday Fannie Kice opens a season at the
'"olurubin supported by a number of singing
comedians.
The Alcazar company is dome some pood
work tnis week in "A S^crap of Paper," which
has served for the reuppearance of May
Bucklej- and 11 uroToland. MissJu! et Crosby,
one or the Alcazar's debutantes, has been en
tru-u'd with a ;at>re important part, that of
Louise, and is dofnfrit w«slL
Next week QeorgO Osbourne reappears at the
Alcazar and M;su Frances Jolliffe makes her
first appearance there in "Saints and Sinners."
The second edition of the spectacular bur
lesque. "A.addm," is in its last nights at the
Tivoli Opera-hotue. Next week a double bill
will lie presented, the first part of wnlch will
consist of Yon suppe's one-net mythological
comic opera, "Ttte Lavely Galatea," which
has not been seen here for years. The secoi.d
part of the bill will be Gilbert and i-ullivan's
"Patience."
"Out in the Streets" is a melodrama which
offers unusual opportunity ior scenic display,
and full advnnthge is being taken of it at the
Grand this week. Tne company is a l»rge one
and includes several artists especially engaged j
ior tins production. Nut M. Wills, the tramp i
In "The Prodigal Father" ai the Columbia re
cently, has made quite a hit with his special
ties at the Grand this week.
Quite a hit has been made at the Orphcum
this week by the grand opera quariet, con
sisting of Miss Julhi Cott< .-, Miss Dora Busch, I
GuiUe and Abramoff. Miss Emily Lytton ana J
the Hayfs orot tiers began this week by doing j
a comedietta, "A French Marriage"; W'edncs- j
day night they changed their act to a bur- j
lesque ou •'< amiLe," whicti proved to be very
amusing. All the other new acts are doing
well.
French talholic Church Services.
Religious services of particular interest to
the French Catholics of this City wili be held
in the old French church, on Busn street,
near Stockton, next Sunday, Monday and Tues
day. The occasion will be the observance of
forty hour* of devotion, On Sunday at 11
a. H. the services wili be-gin with a sermon by
tne pa.stor, ttie Rjv. K. Jeute, S. ii., and
high niws, with elaborate music. In the even
ing at 7:30 o'clock Uiwe will be a sermon by
Father M. Kous-e.on, S. M., .-if <er which there
will be a benediction. O:i Monday there will
be mas>es at 7:30 a. m., ai 8 a. m. and high
mas* at 9a. m. ai 7:45 P. M. Eev. A. Lu.le will
deliver a serjiou, toiiow^d by a b -nediction.
On Tuesday ioreuoon the masses will occur at
the same "nours as on Monday, the 9 o'clock
mass to be loliowed by a solemn benediction.
The Quarantine Against Diphtheria.
Dr. LoveUce, the Health Officer, iias directed
the district Health Officers not to Quarantine
any house for diphtheria until niter a report
of the bHcteriologist has been made to deter
mine wh-ther tup case is diphtheria.
KEY TO-DAT.
Your
Health r-^J
WILL 14, I
RISE IT /
under its invig- / -Hi
orating warmth / /|f
and nourishing, / "^L_ //
life-giving ele- / 3 hi
ments. Twice / gr i ;
as nutritive as / ~~-Js^^ /// j
chicken; a great- / f& I ;
er heat producer / *y^ I j
than the best / — S3 111
beef. All Grocers / 3 ' 111
sell it. 32 cups / ~~J3~~ j
for 25c« / *^-^^ ///
Mmmk n^ "Si
are packed for physicians in large bottles, each containing one hundred
anatuty.rabules by count. These packages being intended for phy-
sicians use, are not advertised or accompanied by any circulars or other
advertising matter, but any druggist will supply one whenever requested
10 ao so. A Western doctor relates an experience with one of these
til ri? gCS aS follows : " A few da >' 5 ago I ordered «ome more
irom Chicago and when a patient, for whom I intended one of the bottles
rfETm?.!' 1 he . fo l lnd within a stone wrapped in paper, much resembling a
; diamond, and which he will have set and wear in his shirt bosom. Now,
i want to know," a?ks the doctor, " if it is the custom to occasionally put
in a little gem like that ? If it Isn't a diamond it is a fair substitute and if
one is put in occasionally, I think I am as much entitled to receive one j
as any of your numerous patrons, for I am constantly employing and I .
commending the Tabules in my practice." \ •
\_/ V^ 7 Constipation. Itstops alllcisps bvclav or nit t^' P.ol^ >ole ?" d
|U»aboT,B!xr..r^.oo,bymail. Send for FR^Kriroui.-L- an<l testimonial Ot * ff9ct a Permanenteui*
KEW TO-DAT.
v COLDS
Jlunyon's Cold Cure cures colds in the,
head, cods on the lungs, old colds, new
colds and obstinate colds, and all forms of
j grip. Stops sneezing, discharges from the
\ nose and eyes, prevents catarrh, diphthe-
ria, pneumonia and all throat and lunjj
troubles. These pleasant little pellets are
absolutely harmless, have ?aved thousand!
of lives and prevented ranch sickness.
Pric<>. 25 c.
Improved Homoeopathic Home Remedy
Company put up a separate cure for each
disease. At all druggists, mostly 25 cents.
Guide to Health free.
Personal letters to Prof. Munvon, 1505
Arch street, i*hiladelDhia, Pa., answered
with free medical advice for any disease.
I ' A iftk®r/ A II
I GREAT 5
i %a^ I
I OF THE AGE I
1 a ii! in I
S Which is an external and internal fr
1 1 1 r<;iuedy without an equal. g
• NOT II NEW PREPARATION, BDT ONE §
I THAI HAS STOOD IHEItSI OF OVER 5
I A QOARTER OF ft CENTURY. I
9 4 1
1 S —
*\ Thousands of persons all ♦
over the United States ±
j; gratefully praise Dr. Mar- jj
5 tin's Pain Onrer and are J
§ n§ver without it. <|
1 ► .^_^____^
© A
2 The Curer is free from all Injurious 5?
7 and poisonous properties, and is en- ©
( ) tirely vegetable in its composition. It a
! < ► tones up and strengthens the system, ■ *>
f purifies the blood, expels bad matter O
Q from the organs of the body generally, X
♦ promotes digestion, regulates the appe- <>
X lite ana secures a healthy state of the 0
m system and Its various functions. Taken fa
| ♦ occasionally as a preventive of disease, <►
; 5 it keeps the mind cheerful and happy ®
JO by promoting healthful action of the &
j 2 skin, heart, lungs, stomach, pancreas, <>
bowels, l'ver, kidneys, bladder, spleen, ®
f spinal cor%mn, and the whole nervous 0
sygtem. It is aho especially always v
■ WOMAN'S FRIEND, and is f uuequaled *
S "FOR THE PREYEHTIOH AHD GORE §
§ -OF-. O
q Rheumatism, »uralgia. Fains in 5
»> General, Bowel Complaint*. Dys- a
V pepjir., l)y*eat*ry, Cholera >lor- 9
j fy bus, Diphtheria, Sore Throat, g
♦ Pneumonia, Diabetes, Nervous <>
9 Complaints, Disease »f the Slom- < I
I Q ach and Isovr«-ln v<€>n«>ral ! r, Llrer '. [
| O Complnlnts, Kidney Complaints, it
V Sciatica, Lumbago, Colds. <ough», I)
% I.oc:il and General Debility, Head- |t
V ache, llarache, Toothache. Sick- <>
T nesi in stomach. Baoi>sche, Duma, ©
© Swellings, Boils, Sores, Ulcers, < >
♦ Colic, ramps. Sprains, J'.r .Ue», i>
S Scalds, Wounds, Costi'veuesti, In- O
£l digestion, Skin I)is<-asea, Excel- J |
g sive Itchings and many other < >
Jt complaints too numerous to name ' '
d here. In a word, the great Pain j f
£ Curer of the Age is an uuequaled ♦
5> family remedy. ©
® &
| Price: 25c, 50c, $1.00 per Bottle, ♦
$ L. CALLISCH. Whole.-ale *zant for 2,
i t>ie Pacific Coast, Sin Jose, Cat 5
4> For fale by all druggists. The trade 2
m supplied by Redington & Co.. Mack X
a & Co. and Lcngley £ Michaels. San a
O Francisco. gZTO DO BATTLE
NOW FOR FREEDOM
The Local Cuban League
Goes Steadily On With
Its Work.
Sub-Committees of the Mayor's
Committee Ready to
Proceed.
joTJ.es and Mascherini Will Maintain
the Local Lergue Until the
War Is Over.
President Jones and Secretary Masche
rini of tbe ban Francisco Cuban League
were busy all day yesterday making ar
;rangemen;s for tbe forthcoming meeting
bf the Mayor's honorary committee to act
in conjunction with the league organized
by Jones and Mascherini on September 7.
• ."We shall request the Mayor's commit
tee to call a meeting to confer with us,"
said Secretary Ma^oherin: yesterday, "and
' that: conference will probably take place
• at the assembly-room of the Mills build
••;n"£ on Tuesday or Wednesday night. We
•■snail' then make arrangements for a per
manent organization of the committee ap
■ jointed by the Mayor, and their sub-corn
/ wittees in conjunction with our own
I easue will probably provide for the mass-
V meeting. We want to maintain our own
: society independently of the Mayor's
" committee; though we expect to co-ODerate
.with them in every particular.
"We realize tile fact that the commit
;;"teenieh appointed by Mayor Phelan are
•iusy.men, so we are willing to bear the
.• -brunt of the work in the future, as we
• 'Have done it in the past."
••The local league is greatly delighted
that Mayor Pnelan so readily assented to
; apDoint the committee to act with them.
r.-'iWy sent the following letter to Colonel
Ethun Alien of the New York League
- s'esterday :
HEADQrMBTKRS Cuban League,)
■ :•• ■J<<ot> Mason utrei ', >
•. ■ ■. San Francisco, February IS. >
° ;. 'Colond Ethan Allen, Neva York— J>zak Sir:
: \Ve ore pleased to be able to notify you that
• Hon.' James D. I'hcla.u has appointed a com
■ mittee 'oi. fiuy-six representative citizens to
CQ-operaie with our league here. We inclose
•• b. list, "i the names, published, by The Daily
•' CA;Lfof this City, which paper has stood by us
from the outset and aided our efforts in a
Irandred way 8.
' ".We" shall soon have the committee organize
and elect permanent officers. There will be
tub-committees on hall, finances, advertising
and literary features. It is our purpose to
hare one mala address of ab >vi hall an hour,
then five or six ringing ten-minute speeches,
.interspersed with mus.c and other entertain
• ing features.
•. • We can assure you, from conversation and
.. correspondence with hundreds of leading peo
• ple on this coast, that the cause of Cuba
strikes a responsive chord in the hearts of
many thousands here. Wo invite your close
.'crutiny of the Dames of the eommitteemen,
. Some of whom lißve National reputations.
..When we first begau our organization here we
were met by mauy rebuffs, for this is a com
munity largely permeated with Spanish influ
• ence* and there are maoy here who think tbe
• revolution.'sts are wrong. However, the senti
ment the other way is now very strong. Please
- let us know how our league here can serve
' you runner. Very sincerely.
John H. Jones, President.
FAiwr hf.kini, Secretary.
The folio win letter received by The
• >• yesterday shows the general feeling
among the people on the Cuban question:
pan Francisco, CaL, Feb. 15, 1897.
Editor Call : Your patriotic movement for
".liberty in Cuba and fight against Spanish
butchery is appreciated by all classes of peo
■ pli . and you have their applause, their cheers
aiid their sympathy in the fight.
. For any months past I have felt such inter
est in the Cuban war that I finally wrote to
. .the Junta at New York for information about
tfte cause here in the West. Among other let
"•ters I have come very valuable ones from
members of McKinley's Cabinet with whom I
ara acquainted, wherein strong sentiment Is
■ t-xprcss-ed, and with such vigor and clearness
that I may be pardoned for saying that tbe*
policy 'i the new Government, I believe, will
• ha .an aggressive one, with a bold stand in
' favor "of .the Cuban patriots. The editor of
.T'Hs Call is in. possession of the policy ex
.] ressed in the above letters. I have written
:or permission to give them to the public, and
.-.i! consent is giveu from the author I will sub
mit the tame through the columns of your
;-«per in a lew day. Very respectfully,
A. K. Ka-aga, 240 Montgomery street.
• The- local league will soon propose a cir
cular' letter to be sent to many corre
spondents who think the purposes of the
order are to organize battalions of soldiers
to invade Cuba and demolish the Span
iards. Many such letters are received
daily, but it is hoped that the masses will
" soon understand that the work of the
league.is to be along lawful lines.
EXEGUTOfiS OfililOIZED.
Henry Hennt and George Han/lel Ac
cused of Mi»managem«»nt.
Julius Reimer, attorney for Frederick
Jung and bis minor children, baa filed
t^ J^le sweeping objections to the accounts
: -ideredby Henry Henne and George
[Handel, executors of the estate of Philip
Liesenfeld. decea-ed.
' Mr. Jung and his sons allege that the
executors Lave failed to charge themselves
. with the »'ull amount of property that has
•came, into their liands, which Bhould be
$ 26, 643- 28; that ihere is no proper ac
' counting for the rent of premises occupied
by George Handel for seventeen months
a-tsl2 per month (?204); the carrying on
erf the billiard business has been "a detri
ment to the estate, showing a loss of
$8046 78; George Handel is not entitled to
■ "wa^es • in addition to commissions as ex
ecutor; that bia charge of $125 a month
for wages is crossly excessive, and ihat
$12 a week would have been enounh, that
being the wages raceived while employed
by- the deceased ; that the interests of ex
ecutor Handel are antagonistic to the in
terests of the estate.
In view, of the circumstances and the
mismanagement of the estate Judge Slack
has 'been asked to issue a citation com
pellin-g the executors to show cause why
the letters testamentary heretofore issued
to them should not be revoked.
— . •— — ♦ — ♦
THE PEDEBATED CLUBS.
Rights of Kailro»d» Over Each Other*
Property Discussed.
; The regular meeting of the San Fran
cisco Association of Improvement Clubs
•was held Wednesday night at B'nai B'rith
Hall. .
A The committee on parks, streets and
lowers banded in a report that the Park
Commissioners had promised to put the
Point Lobos road into proper condition
immediately.
The Spalding Carpet Company was
Toted the cause of a certain nuisance, and
the committee on public works author
ized to wait on the Board of Health and
have it abated.
' There is now a measure before the
Legislature to permit two lines ol railroads
\o use the same line for rive blocks. Dr.
stated that Mayor Pnelan is in
favor of having the distance extended to
len blocks, and a resolution was adopted
lavonne such amendment. It will be
sent to the San Francisco representatives
in the Legislature.
Mr. Grady brought to the attention of
ne club the fact thit a measure is now
before the Legislature, fathered by Sena
tor L-itißford, giving the plaintiff in a suit
to condemn lanu the right to occupy it
uurmg the pending of |.roceedin ? s, upon
the payment o! a sum f-pecih'ea by the
court, and invited a discussion upon the
subject. Attorney Marcus Rosenthal rose
to Ciiiimpion the measure, and stated that
this coast needs another transcontinental
railway, and if some such measure were
not a iopted it wouid take twenty years to
pass through a small distance.
The acting president thought any meas
ure unconstitutional which contemplated
the seizure of any man's land without due
process of law. Some pretty pertinent
questions were tired at Rosenthal, a.mong
them i,»inz "Would he rather act for
Plaintiff or defendant in such a suit?"
He would, on the penerai proposition,
prefer to act for plaintiff.
After a deal of heated discussion an at
tempt was made io put the motion to a
vote. A parliamentary skirmish lasting
Tully thirty ramuies endued, and the club
at last went on the historical page as op
posed to the measure by a majority of
tnree votes.
THE GLEANERS.
*h e y Entertain the txempt Firemen in
Their Hall on I rcnhaiii Place.
The recently organized society styled
The Gleaners, of which Mrs. George J.
Hobe is president and Mrs. Andrew J.
Jessup is vice-president, gave another of
its pleasant entertainments to the old
Exempts in their hall on Brenham place
last Wednesday night. The members of
the society had a good representation, and
after the transaction of business the mem
bers presented an interesting programme
of music and elocution, iii-s Kate Galvin
gave a piano solo, Mrs. J. R. Kenizell,
who has a splendid voice, charmed the
audience with a rendition of "Killarney,"
E. C. Stock entertained wi'.h a mono
logue, Klh» Jones gave a vocal solo, J. R.
Kentz^ll gave evidence or" his vocal powers
and was loudly applauded, Miss Anuie
McCrossen, a bright young airl, recited
"The Outcast's Prayer for a Pair of Shoes"
with a great deal of pathos, and several
other numbers were pre>ented, all serving
to make the reunion a very pleasant one.
John .1. Guiifoyle, secretary of the
Exemuts, suggested that the Gleaners
hold their next, session after the meeting
of the Exempts on the regular meeting
night. The proposition was well received
and will no doubt be acted upon favor
ablj*. as the Exempts' executive commit
tee will peirnit tlie ladies to meet on that
night instead of asspmblins on the night
now proviJed for. Ii is probable that at
the next reunion there will be a ureat
many numbers by volunteers.
Since its organization this new society
of ladies has been doing a great deal of
good among the families of a number of
the old volunteer firemen.
RODE UP TO THE CRATER
Feat of Three California Wheel
men in the Sandwich
Islands.
A Bay City R.der and Two Men From
the Reliance Now on a Tour
of the World.
Word has just been received in this City
of the adventures of three well-known
j-oung wheelmen of this City and OaKland
who recently started on a tour of the
world with their wheels and plenty ol
money to carry them through should their
bikes not bring them funds to delray ex
penses.
They are Harry R. Bostwick of the Bay
City Wheelmen and Charles Bain and
Harry Arthur of the Reliance Club.
Their primary object was pleasure, but it
was intended when they started to give
exhibitions wnenever the opportunity of
fered.
The first two landed at Honolulu, where
they BBtonished the natives by their rapid
riding, and then they journeyed to the
Chas. Barn (Reliance Club), Harry
R. Bostwick (B. C W.j, and
Harry Arthur (Reliance Club),
Three California Wheelmen
Who Are Touring the Orient
en Their Bikes.
main island of Hawaii and performed the
unprecedented feat of climbing :o the cra
ter oJ Kilauea on tueir steel steeas.
Yokohama was the next port, and the
letters brought from there by the last
steamer tell of the good time* they are
having riding throueh the thickly popu
lated districts of Nippon, where the in
habitants gaze at them in wild-eyed
amazement as they scorch paat.
They had their pictures taken "tan
dem" in the big Japanese port and sent
several copies of the p cture to their
friends in this City.
From Japan the wheelmen will go
through the coast districts ol China, and
t> ence 'o India and Persia on their way
to Europe. When they left here they had
not decided whether to go to Australia,
but a journey to the colonies is within the
range of possibility.
Fire Department.
The Fire Commissioners met yesterday after
noon, when William Kelly was appointed
truckman of truck 2, vice Magorty, resigned.
M. Fitzhenry, driver of truck 3, was fined five
days' pay for galloping his horses to a fire. P.
C. Troy of engine 11, charged win drunken
ness, failed to appear and was dismissed from
the department. Michael Dunn, stoker of
engine 18, pleaded guilty to a cnarge of
drunkenness and was also dismissed from the
department.
For every thirty-six births in Germany
there are twenty-three deaths.
to cum-: a cold ix oxe way.
Take laxative BromoQuinine Tablets. AUdrug
gists itiund me niouey uit lails to cure, Zou
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, FEBRUARY in, 1897.
SHE FLIES THE
YELLOW FLAG
The China Brought Over
Sea a Case of
Varioloid.
A Chinese Woman From Yokc
hama the Victim of the
Dreaded Disease.
The Ship Is in Qu-irantine, but Her
Passengers May Ec Released
in a Short T m:.
The big China liner China, of the Pacific
Mail Steamship Company, came into port
at dark last night with the yellow Hag,
that told of smallpox on board, flying at
her masthead. She was reported sixteen
miles off shore at 5 o'clock, but it was not
The Bark C D. Bryant, Caught Aloft by the Gale That Blew
Yesterday and Tripped Below by the Strong Flood Tide,
Heeled Over Dangerously. It Looked for Awhile as if She
Would Capsize, but She Finally Righted Saiely.
until she anchored off the Barge Office at
b':so that it became known that the dread
disease had broken out among the pas
sengers.
The sea was running as it seldom does
in the bay, but ;he little revenue cutter
Hartley ran out with a detail of Custom
house inspectors on board and rantred
alongside.
The water was so rough that it would
have been impossible to have got a man
over the side, but even more deterring in
its ellei't was tlie bail that came from
Parser Brickwedel as be leaned over the
rail and roared "sheer off." The rest of
his speech was lost in the howling gale
and Boarding Officer Davis, misunder
stand, ng the reason of his hail roared
back "Custom-house boat; we want to put
injectors aboard."
'Look out. Sickness aboard, case of
varioioid." came the answer, more dis
tinct than true.
A hurried consultation was held on the
Hartley and it was decided that in view of
the danger of trying to put men on board
and the uncertainly as to th • quarantine
regulations i. would be better to wait for
instructions from the Deputy Surveyor of
the I'ort. The Hartley accordingly made
back for the wharf. Lieutenant Butt's
clever handling saving her from being
caught across the liner's bows in the
heavy ebb tide that was running. The
wind and sea increased after the cutter
was again tied up at Meiggs wharf and it
was not until 10 o'clock that the turning
of the tide calmed the sea down so that
tl c little vessel could safely venture along
side the steamer. By that time Deputy
Surveyor Kuddell had been reached
by telephone and had given orders to put
inspectors on beard.
'I he Hartley anain went out to the
China, and from the purser it was learned
that she brought 100 passengers, 32 being
cabin and ttie rest steerage, 4<J being
Chinese and 19 Japanese. Two days out
of Yokohama a Chinese woman, who bad
taken passage at Yokohama, was stricken
with braallpox, and was at once put in
quarantine, all precautions b<mie taken to
prevent the spread of the disease.
No other cases developed, and the rest
of the passensers were in good health.
Dr. IlOßPiiau ol the United Slates Quar
antine Office, who went out on the Hart
ley, gave orders to Inspectors O'Connor
and Bagley who were placed on board
that no person or article of any descrip
tion, except the relief for the customs in
spector*, was to leave or enter the shit)
until an examination can be made this
morning. Three inspectors went on board
at midnight anl tnree more will follow
to-day, mating eight Custom-house men
in ail who will stand the quarantine with
the passengers, ship's crew and the pilot,
who is also to be kept on board until the
allotted time is over.
As the case developed ten days ago and
was at once isolated the passengers will
only be compelled to remain on board
about five days, unles in the meantime
other cases develop. The ship will be
taken to Ansel Island and disinfected,
the mails being landed as soon as they
nave been fumigated. Among the cabin
passengers is Colonel M. R. Jeffers, an en
gineer who bas been building railroads in
China and who is here to buy materials
for his roads.
The China mada the trip from Hong
kong in 23 days, and was 12 days 18 hours
and 53 minutes from Yokohama.
EFFECTS OF THE BLOW.
Some Vessels on the Bay Had a
Rough Time Yesterday.
The big blow that began early yesterday
morning caused vessels on the bay to go
through all sorts of antics and more than
one had narrow escapes from injury.
The bark C. D. Bryant was lying off
Folsom street In ballast when one of the
heaviest squalls struck her. Her main
sail and foresail wera hanging loose in the
gear and the wind struck ncr full force
from ihe southeast. The flood tide tripped
her until her yar'iarms were almost in the
water, and the frequenters of the water
front, remembering the case of the Blair
more, thought she would capsze. Tbe
ballast in her, however, was sufficient to
keep her from keeling over and alter the
squall she righted.
It was under just such circumstances,
except that she had little or no ballast,
tliat the Blairmore capsized and sank,
carrying several of her crew to death.
Many ships had both anchors down,
and < yen then drifted In the blow.
The bark Eveshum Abbey drifted nearly
a mile toward Arcu Rock irom her an
chmage off Black Point.
The schooner Antelope turned back
after trying to get outside, and reported a
terrific wind and sea.
Tbe sctiooner Twiliu'ht came in from the
north coast ami reported that she had
been compelled to run for five hours under
bare poles.
The bitr four-masted British ship Gif
foid has joined tbe fleet of idle vessels in
Oakland Creek.
A rather peculiar accident occurred on
Tuesday last on the Dark Gatherer that
sailed yesterday in ballast to Tacoma to
load coal for this port. Tne main topgallant
mast was beinsr hoisted into its place and
had reached a position many feet above
the deck when 'he mast rope parted, and
the stout stick came down like an arrow.
The fore and after hatches had been piled
on the main hatch, and the spar struck
end on in the middle of the stout planks,
piercing them as though they were
paper and pitching down into the hold,
where it struck the bullast. This pre
vented it from injuring the vessel's skin,
but it was some time before the stick could
be cut out of the splintered timber that
held it and put in place.
The tugs Active and Reliance took the
steamsh.p Australia from Pacific street to
the sugar refinery in the lace of the blow
and had a hard job of it. Tho Active hooked
on to the starboard side of the Australia
aiid between ttio force of the wind and
waves parted her lines and tore a chock
out of the steamer. The Reliance held
her however until the Active could get a
fresh hold ana the steamer was hauled to
her berth in safety.
At the meeting of the Harbor Commis
sioners yesterday the contract for the 170
piles for Vallejo-sireet wharf was let to
James A. MrMann for $193, this being the
lowest bid. Tbe highes; was that of the
ban rrancisco Brid_e Company, $1360.
Edward R. Bwain, the architect lor the
new ferry building, made a demand for 5
percent on the additional $30,220 of ex
ien-fc that has been decided on for the
building. The matter was laid off for a
week.
SALOOtf-KELPER SCORED.
A Charge of Grand Larceny Against a
Schoolgirl Dismissed.
Josie Porter, the schoolgirl living at
219 Dore street, charged by C. J. Lynch, a
saloon-keeper on Twelfth and Folsom
streets, with stealing his gold watch, ap
peared in Judge Campbell's court yester
day. She was represented by Attorney
Graham.
Lynch on taking the witness-stand said
he could not swear tuat the girl stole the
watch, but he missed it after she left the
store. He denied t-elhng her any liquor
and also denied that two women were in
the bar drinking at the time the girl was
there.
Judge Campbell in dismissing the case
said:
"Before you have a schoolgirl arrested
for grand larceny, you want to investigate
your case more carefully. Here is a little
girl who goes to school every day brought
into a Police Court and charged with a
felony. It is a serious thing to charge a
person with a crime like that. You
ought to know wnat you are doing before
you cause a warrant to be ißeued ior a
child like that.
"If it bad been some drunken man or
loafer it would perhaps be different, but
here is a girJ without a blur or blot upon
her name charged on the records of t. is
court with grand larceny. You caused
the variant to be issued charging her w.th
a felony. Let this be a lesson to you iv
the future.
"Pay attention to your business your
self, and don't allow children in your
place. I tlo not want to encourage it; 1
do not think it is a proper thing to do to
bring babies into the Police Court and
charge them with a felony. Ido not want
any more of that here, i ou say you do
not Know she took the watcn. Lat the
case bs dismissed for failure of proof."
Lynch wiil now have to answer a charge
of selling liquor to a minor.
The Annual Mass.
Tue annual requiem in ass under the auspices
of Iguaiian Council No. 35, Young Mens' Insti
tute, for the repose of the souls of all deceased
members of the order, will be celebrated on
Monday morning next (Wat-hihßt'in's birth
day) at old St. Mary's church, California street,
beginning at 10 o'clock.
Fat. ier Powers of the Paulist Order ■will de
liver ;he sermon, and the music will be fur
nished by a large and se.ect choir under the
direction of Silas Marie Georgiana.
NELSON BENNETT
IS IN TOWN
His Interesting Account of
Affairs in the North
west.
The Man Who Bored a Tunnel
Two Miles Long in the
Cascades.
Has B*en Contractor, Miner, Banker,
Newspaper Owner, Specu ator
and Millionaire.
Nelson Bennett of Tacorna, the man
who pierced the Cascade Mountains with
the famous tunnel of the Northern Pacific
Railroad and who has been engaged in
large enterprises for the last ten years, is
among the arrivals here. Mr. Bennett for
many years made nis home at Deer Lodge,
Mont. He made extensive contracts at
different times, but none c-f them had the
significance of the Northern Pacific con
tract.
In later years he engaged extensively in
real estate transactions at Tacoma, Fair
haven an<i elsewhere. At one time he
owned most of the ground on which the
town of Fairhaven stands. In the height
of the exciting real estute boom in Wash
ington in 1890 he unloaded this real estate
NEW 10-DAT.
Togo w/m/
HIS WrUi
OUR PRICES WILL BE SO
THAT EVERYBODY CAN AFFORD
TO GET A NICE NEW
f\f\ P iece P llrc White English Ware. 0.50
Complete for 6 persons. Quality warranted very best p %
f\C\ P lcrc Light Blue Spray Decoration. A* 7s
"" Complete for 6 persons. Quality warranted very best ■ ■ Zt
f\f\ P^ ce Beautiful Wild Flower Decoration.
"" Enameled gold handles and gold trimmings. A perfect K»5O
gem. Complete for 6 persons. Quality warranted best pc r et
800 $ ccc ure M'fyte Engfteh Ware. K.OO
I\J V/ Complete for 12 persons. Quality warranted very best pc
100 P^ ce Light Blue Spray Decoration. 7*s®
1 ■"" Complete for 12 persons. Quality warranted very best ■ pe /rt
100 'piece Beautiful Wild Flower Decoration.
m\l\J ■ Enameled gold handles and gold trimmings. A perfect C»5O
gem. Complete for 12 persons. Quality warranted best p % t
A Very Large Variety of the Newest Shapes, Richest and
Prettiest Decorations in DINNER SETS.
This Week's Prices Enable Everybody
to Get a Nice New Set at Our
MONEY .\ SAVING .'. STORES.
Great American Importing Tea Co.
140 Sixth Street. 146 Ninth Street.
1344 Market Street. 218 Third Street.
2510 Mission Street. . 2008 Fillmore Street.
617 Kearny Street. . 965 Market Street.
1419 Polk Street. 3006 Sixteenth Street.
521 Montgomery Avenue. 104 Second Street.
333 Hayes Street. 3285 Mission Street.
OAKLAND STORES:
1053 Washington Street. 616 East Twelfth Street.
131 San Pablo Avenue. 917 Broadway.
1355 Park Street, Alameda.
HEADQUARTERS— SAN FRANCISCO, 52 MARKET STREET.
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
Atlantic i@pgf^
Pacific jSSgz^
KAILKUAD Jsfiilili»eCi
Trains leave aaJ arrive atßPjjjgjfl BSfeiEMl
SASTA FE EXPRESS.
To Chicago via A. & P .^£Ss&soUT 61
Uireot Line 1 *flJi^er<iP^»3^
leaves da ly at 5: JO p. M.,carrvinr Pullman Pa!ac«
Drawing-room and .Modern Upholstered TourUt
Eieeptng-ea.ro, which run dally through to Chicara
via Kansas City. Ann. i cars lor Denver and as.
Louis.
.Boston Kzcarslons, v a Kansas City, Chicago
Montreal and the White Mountains leave ever?
li esday. *
The best railway from California to the East
New rails, new ties: no dust: Interesting scenery,
ana good meals In Harvey's dining-rooms.
San Francisco Ticket Office, 644 Market
St.. Chronicle tmildlog. Telephone Mala
IC&f .Oakland, -BroatLwar.
for what was then said to be & round
million dollars. It was the luckiest sale,
so it is believed, tdat ever took place in
the Northwest, for immediately there was
afearful slump in land and lot values and
the purchase fell all to pieces.
With his million Mr. Bennett returned
to Tacoma. He was already wealthy with
his other possessions. He owned the Ta
coma Hotel, was a heavy stockholder in
banks and baa much inner property of
different Hinds. He bought the Tacoma
Dai y Ledger, the oldest paper in that
city, and conducted it for two or three
years, until it was finally tranaterred to
other hands.
Since business has grown dull in Ta
coma Mr. Bennett has become interested
in a gold pioperty in Northern Cilifornia,
which for some .rt!e time he has been cle
ve.oping. Several j'eara ago he became
interested in a gold property in Montana.
Yesterday be had a long talk at the
Palace wiih Eliiah Smith, the president
of the Oregon "Railway and Navigation
Company, who is here from New York, in
regard to the time when they were both
in the Northwest. At the time W. C.
Squire was making his fight for the
United States Senate from Washington
Six years ago Mr. Bennett was promi
nently mentioned for the place. The
tunnel which he bored through the Cas
cade Mountains is nearly two miles long.
Mr. Bennett saya he is here ou private
business and will only remain till this
evening.
"There is a little improvement in busi
ness at Tacoma," he said. "It is slight,
but some can be noticed. Things are on
a more solid basis. A good deal of devel
opment is going on in the mines. There
nas been a good deal of interest in the
mines in what was recently the Colville
Indian reservation. This mining district
is directly south of the new mining dis
trict in British Columbia that is attract
ing so much attention, and ought to be
just as good."
Institute Lecture.
The next lecture in the course now being
held at the Mechanics' Institute will be given
on Saturday evening of this week. The sub
ject will be "The White Rajah of Borneo," and
will be given by Rounsevelie Wildman. The
lecture win be illustrated by siereopticon
s.iaes. The public are invited.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
50111 11 PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD
I Via Sausallto Ferry),
rraot Baa Francisco, Commendas Sept. 1& IS>4.
WUEDATI
r«rmn Van*/ and San Karaal— «7i3S, •*«!»>
11:00 A. M.: »I:*s, 8:45, •5:16. •3:46, #:30 f.]J
Extra trips for lag Rafael on Mondays. Wtd»*»
. «aya aad Saturday a 11:30 p. M.
! SUNDAYS,
for Mill Valley and San Rafael— •B:oo, •1O:Q|
•11:30 a. It: •l ; ;-i0. 3:00, •*:SO, 8:16 V. X.
Ttalaa marked • run to Han Uuentln. •
THROUGH TRAINS.
For Point Reyes and way stations— jl n.
Weekday*, Biooi.lL baudaya, 1;45 «. m. oattm
taya.
i «r Casadero and way stations— 7:24 a. M. w«t>
tarsi I*6 r. m. fcaturdaya.
E "PATENTS! 3
MARKET ST.S.F^*^
Cough!
Cough !
Cough!
How irritating a cough becomes and
what a wearing, racking effect it
has on the whole system. Noth-
ing so speedily breaks down the
strength unless you get free from
its clutches.
Coughs and colds are dangerous
at this time of the year, but they can
be avoided by the prompt use of
Duffy's Pure
Malt Whiskey.
The great medicinal stimulant. The
best thing that was ever discovered
for curing and preventing coughs,
colds, the grip or pneumonia. It
stirs up the blood and makes the
whole body glow with natural heat,
thus preventing the dangerous ef-
fects of sudden chills. It is some-
thing that should be kept in every
household.
All grocers and druggists sell it.
RAILROAD TRAVEL:
i SOUTHERN I»ACIFIC COMPANY.
(PACIFIC BY.STEM.)
Ii :>ln< leave »•><■ nr« <liie to arrive at
MAN lIC\>«IS4O
leave — Fkom February 16, 1897 — arrive
•6:OOa Niks, rUn Jose and ay Stations... t»:4.-*A
7:«0a Atlantic Expre*s, Ogilen and Kaf.t.. B:*3*
7:0Oa. Benlcia, Vac*ville, Kumsey. Sacra-
mento. OroTiil-j and Redding via
DaTis 6545p
7:30 a Martinez, Sau Ramon, Vallejo, Kapa,
Cslistoga and Santa Rosa 6:15-
-8::I0a Niles, .San Jose, .Stockton, lone,
Sacramento, Marysvilie, Chico,
TeUama ami Red Bluff -*:15p
*8:30 a Peters u»id Milton • "7:15*
Uioua Neir Orleans lixpresa, Raymond (for
Tn— iiiltd), I'resno, Bakerslicld,
.Simla Dm barn, I .os Am.-el.-s, Item-
ing, £1 Paso, Mew Orleans and
East 4:4Sp
9:OOa Martinez and Stockton 4 :4.1p
»:OOa Vallejo 6:15*
....... Kilns, San J»«e, Lit more and
Stockton 7:13p
•l:OOp Sacramento Ki»er Steamers »i»iOOp
l:OOi> Niles, San Jose and J.irermora B:4Sa
tI:U«r Port Costa and Way Stations t?:4sr
4.-001- Martinez, Han Ramon. Vallejo.
Napa, Caligloga, XI \ r erano and
SnntaltOEiv 9: 19 A
4:OOp Benioia, Vacaville, Woodland
Knights Landing, Marysville, Uro*
vi Hi; and Sacramento 11:10 a
4i3of Lathrop, Stockton, Modesto, Mer-
ced and Fresno, going via Niles,
returning via Martinez 11:434
B:OOrLos Angelas Expieiss. Tracy,
Fresno, Santa Barbara and Los •»..<«,
Angeles 7.45 A
8«OOr Santa, Fo Route, Atlantic Express -.
for MiijaTK and East » !45a
6:OO|. Kuropoau Mall, Ogdun and Ka»t..,. 9:43 a
6:OOi- Hajwar.U, Niles and Han Joae 7:45 a
t7:OOi> Vallcjo 17:45»
7:UUp Oregon ];xpr«sa, Sacramento, Marys-
villo, ReiMuii:, Portland, l'ugek
Sound and East 11:15*
<jlO:O*p "Sunset Limited." Fresno, Los
Angeles, Hi Paso, New Orleans
and East §lg:4sp
_ SANTA CIUJZ Ul VISION (Narrow <lange>.
•«I3a Newark, (?eiitervillp,.San.lo3e,Felton,
Boulder Creek, Santa Cruz aud Way
Stations sisop
•3:15p Newark. Centerville, fian Jose, New
Alm&den, Felton, Boulder Creek,
Santa Cruz and Principal Way
Stations *1 1:20 a
4:15 v Newark, Sun Joss and Los (latos ... 9:50 a
t11:45p Hunters' Excursion, San Jose and
Way Stations j7z«oi»
COAST I>l VISION (Iliinl A. Tonnwfiitl St*.)
0:45 a Ban Job* ami Way Stations (New
Almadeu Wednesdays only) IISOV
•:15a Ban Joee, 'J'red I'iiioß, Kant* Cruz,
Pacitic Grove, Paso Rabies, San
Luis Obispo, Guadalupe, Surf aud
Principal Way Stations 7:00r
IO:4Oa. San Just: and Way Stations BtOOp
11>3Oa Palo Alto and Way Stations 3:30»
•a:3Ur San Mateo, Menlo Park, Kan Jose,
Gilroy, Tres Finos, Santa Crut,
Salinas, Monterey ami I'aciUcGrova *IO:4O\
•a:HOp Sau Jose and Way Stations &:4.1 A
•4:3OrBaD Tese and Way Stations »»:O3a
s:3<)i> Sa. .Jose and Principal Way Stations *5a
6::tOi> San Jose and Way Stations O:H5a
j11:45p San Jose ami Way Stations n:4sp
SAX LiEAM>K«) AM» HAVVVABDS LOCAL.
t*6:OO A ■ 7 7:15 a
S:OOa (9i45a
IO.'SSt I Melrose, Seminary, Park, }¥■«*
°1.-Sop ritchburg,S.nLeaudro. ™£*
StOOp Md * 4:45
4ioop " uu I Ss4sp
SsOOp Harvard*. «:13p
7:OOp B:4>M
O:OOp * Runs through to Nflei. J 0:50 k-
ttll:lspj «FromNUeB. ttiatOOp
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
From SAX HUHCISCO— Foot of Market Street (Slip 8)—
•7:15 9:00 11:00 A.M. tl:flfl •2:03 13: M
•i:00 }5:00 •6:00 p.m.
from OllllND— Foot of Brotdwaj.— *A:00 8:00
10:00 a.m. U2:00 '1:00 12:00 *3:03 JiiOO
'3:00 p.m.
A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
* Sundays excepted. t Saturdays only.
t Sundays only.
tt Monday, Thursday and Saturday nights only.
TTuecdajs and Saturdays. 8 Sundays and Thursdays,
SASFRIi«O& NORTH PI-
CMC RAILWAY CO.
Tibnron Ferry— Foot of Market St.
San Francisco to San Bafael.
WEEK PAYS— 7:3O. 9:00, 11:05 a.m.; 13:SV
3:30, 5:10. 6:30 P. »». Thursdays— Extra trta
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:5 j
and 11:30 p. m.
BDNDAYS— I;OO, 9:30, 11:00 a. M.: 1:30, 3:3*
6:00, :'JU P. U.
San Kafael to lan T"ri»ncl«co.
WEEK DAYS— 6:I3, 7:50, 0:20, 11:10 a. v'
12 5, 3:40, 5:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trlai
at 1 -.65 P. M. and 8:35 p. v. p
BTJNDAYB— 8:iO. 9:40, 11:10 A. M.: 1:40, 3:4»
6:00, 6:25 P. it
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Paris garni
schedule as above.
.Leave i TnpfTp - t Arrive
Ban Francisco. o°t! 14. San anclsca
Wkek , Sun- Tjpjlfnatlon ***• I *"*'
Days. ! days. x)e>t """' oa - DAY s. i Days.
7:30 am 8:00 am >"ovato, ! 10:40 am 8:40 a"5
8:30 9:30 am Petaluma, 6:10 pm 10:25 am
6:10 5:00 Santa I'.usa. | 7:35 pm; 6:22 p*
Fulton,
7:30 ax Windsor. 10:25 am
Healdsburg,
i ytton,
G*yservllle,
3:30 PM 8:00 am* Cloverdale. 7:35 pm 6:22 pm:
__
Pieta,
Hopland &
7:30 am 8:00 am Ukiah. 7:35 pm 6:22 pm
7:30 am I 10:20 ait
8 :00 am Guernevllle. 7:35 »
3:30 pm , I 6:22 pm
7:30 am 8:00 am Sonoma 10:40 am U;4OaX
and
6:10 pm 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. 6:10 pm 6:22 px
7:3oax|B:ol>am| sehostonol 1 10:40 am 1 10:2 >AX
3:3OrM|6:OOPMI faeDftstopQl ' 1 B:10pm| 6:22 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Marie Waal
Fprings: at Geyservllle for Slcagcs Springs: at
Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Pieta for Highland
Springs, K<-lseyvil!e, Soda Bay and juakepori; at
HopUnd for l^tkeport and Barrett Springs; at
Ukiah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga Springs, Blno
Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake, Upper Lake, Porno, Potter
Valley. John Day's, .Riverside, Llerley's, Buck-
nell'B, Sanhedrln Heights. Hullville, Booneville,
Greenwood, Orr's Hot Springs. MendoclnO City,
Fort Brae?, Westporl, Uaal, Wtll«ts, Cahto, Co-
ve!o, I.ayton , Harris, Scotia aDd Eureka.
Saturday to iiemday round-trip ticket* aired
rates.
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all points be-
yond ban Rafael at half r»w»
Ticket Offices. 650 Market St., Chronicle bcHdlnf.
I A. W. FOSTER, B. X. RYAN.
Vres. and Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent.
THE S. 4* FRISCISCO AJfi) SIH JUAOUU
YALLEIf COIPUY.
FROM JANUARY 31, 1897, passenger trains
win run dally:
-•■iMhbound. Stations. Northbound.
7:".» a. m. Stockton....; 6:40 p. m.
9:19 a. m Merce-1 3:14 f m.
11 :;0 a M Fresno 1:10 P. v. ■
For In terminate stations see tl -table.
Connecting steamboats of th« O. N t & I. Co.
I 'nvc San Fran isO a d sio'fet in at 6 P M. daily.
mm TiSULPAIS.
Trains connect with North PactO*
Coast Railroad.
WEKK DAYS— aF. 9:11 a. m. l:«-, ? «
Returning— 8. f. 3:25 p v. 6:20 f' it
SUNDAYS— LeeveS.F.B am 11:30 a. m. i:3oi..jt
Returning— Arrive B.F. 1:1 5 v. M p.m. .3"
'.Tickets for sale In Mill Valley or *
THOs. COOK &. >O.vs, 6JI Market St., & P.
Mill Valley and Mount Xttmalpals 8c«oio i'4iiw^,
910
THE COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SI'MMARV OF THE MAItKETS.
Silver the same.
All Cereals uucnangej.
Hay weak.
Beans and seeds ne;!ected,
Mexican Tomatoes arrived.
Potatoes aud onions unchanged.
Butter, cheese aid Eggs weak.
.Hens and o:d Roosters loner.
Frrx.i and Dried Fruit dull.
Prunes lower.
Provisions unchanged.
O C/ear 3 Partly Cloudy
9 Cloudy <g) Ram ® Snow
Explanntlon.
The arrow flies with the wind. The top figures
at station Indicate maximum temperatur» for th»
ays: those underneath it. If any, the amount of
rainfall, of melted snow in Inches and hundredtbs.
during the past twelve hours. Isobars, or solid ,
lines, connect po!n s of equal air pressure; iso
therms, or dotted lines, equal temperature. The
word "hieh" means high LarometrJc pressure and
is usually accomrjanied by fair weather: "low"
refers to low pressure, and is usually preceded
and accompHnied by cloulv weather and rains.
"Lows" usually first appear on the Washington
coast. When :he pressure is high In this interior
and low along the coast, and the Uobars extend
north and couth along the coast, rain is probable:
but when the "low Is Inclosed with isobars of
marked curvature, rain south 01 Oregon is improb
able. With a "high" in the vicinity of Idaho, and
the pressure falling to the California coast, warmer
we«ther may be expected in summer and colder
weather In winter. The reverse of these condition*
wlilTjduce an>pposite result.
N: TV VOKK MARKETS.
Financial.
NEW YORK., N. V., Feb. 18.— Affairs at the
Stock Exchange were dull, the sales footing up
only 118.031 shares. An unsettled feelin? pre
vailed throughout the session. The industrials
were firmer, while the railway list drifted to a 1
lower leveL There was a s'teaay anbblin? of the
Granger*, although nothing new developed on
which a selling movement cou'd be predirted, j
Hocking Valley common declined ii» 8 o sVs< a.d !
the preferred was off-red at 25, the last reported i
sale havtns; been at 40. The sixes and coneol fives i
dropped 4@6 vet cent. Wheeling and Lake Erie i
fe:l 3 8 to ii 4», arm preferrel 2y 8 to 7i£. the low
est figure yet toiict^t. Among the anthr«ckes !
Jersey ceutrai was the feature, deiilnins nearly
two points. There was a rally of nearly 1 per cent i
i■; the late denliagi. Ihe Gould stocks continued j
feverish and Manhattan fluctuated b»tweeti b6@ I
86% with the nual sales at 87. Missouri Pacific
declined '/a and rallied %. snear rose-to 11 41 - .
bu. the improvement wan ufterwaid lost. The
market close 1 weax. Net changes show losses of
1 1 to "Jig per cent, the coal stocks leading. Amerl- !
can Spirits aiid Leataer preferred, however, '
gained >,4@3/g per cent.
Boats weie irregular, Sales footed up f 1.316,
--000. Cneaapeatce and Ohio sixes of 191 1 lose 1:
Cleveland. Cl ie nnati. Chicago and Si Loo s col
lateral trusts lours IV4: Consumers' G»s of Chi
ca.o firsts IV2: l"-di on ll.umiia ing of New York
ConsoUJa e.i lives. IVs- Morris and Ksaex consoil
uated guaranteed seven*. 1; Oregon short Line
sixes, -3»: Uu-hniunfl and Danville consolllated
sl.xei, 1. Hoc- ing Vuiley issue* continued heavy I
and reacneu t;.e lowest points ever touched. The !
oosolidateJ fives fell .i. and the general sixes 6:
Kansas and Texna seconds declined " rt ; Heading
firs: prefe red, 1" 8 : Rock Island debeuture lives,
7: st Louis ana han Francisco s-cond six*B. dais
J:. i 3 /i; Standard Rope and Twine incomes 2^,
and wabash, De roil and Chicago extensions 'i.
In Government bo-ida regUt»red fours of 1907
sod at 11134Q-11%; registered fours of 1925 at
12L'G ;8 and aucoupousat 122^.
Grain.
FLOUR— DuII. weak, quiet. Winter wheat.
low grades, $2 80f5;:< 30: fair to fancy. 34 45®
4 50; do patents. $4 60(a-4 t>s: Minnesota clear,
.*3 lU(£3t>s: do straights, $4(d,4 :-;5: do patents,
$3 10©4 85; low extias. .*'.' 30@3 30; City Mills,
$4(£4 90: do patents, ?4 SO(S,SuS: Rye mixture.
*_' 9V<a,'6 50: superfine, #i(gi'/85; fine, $1 90® 1 24.
(Southern flour, dull, weak; common to fair
extra, $3 20@3 50: i:ood to choice do. $3 50(6.5.
Rye Hour, quiet, steady, at $2 50@3.
COR.NMKAL— DuII, steady. Yellow Western
91 75(311 85.
RVK— Dull, firm. Western, 37c c. I. t. Buf
falo.
BARLEY— DuII: feeding, 2tsc c. i. f. Buffalo.
WHEAT— iMiII, firmer; No. 2 red, f. o. b., 93c;
ungraded red, 7'2©9lc; No. 1 Northern. 85 4 c.
Option* opened weak ai Vie decline, rallied %©
le, fell Vie and closed firm at V2@% o over yester
day; M»y and July most active. No. 2 red, Feb
ruary. 82ViR: March: 8 540: April 8 8 c: May.
81c: June, BJS/gc: July, 78Vic: September, 75% c.
COKN Dull, firmer; No. 2, 2b%c elevator:
297/ 8 c afloat.
lons were dull and firmer. May only
traded in. February, 28%°: May, 297/ 8 c; July,
«or,gc.
OATS— Spots dull. firm. Option* dull, firmer;
February, 21 Vie: May, 21V43: July, 2iy B e.
bpot prices: No. 2, 21V»c; No. 2 white. 22Vic:
Ho -' Chicago, 22c; No. J. We: No. 3 wh.te.
21^0: mixed Western, 10(a,'J3c; while West
. em, -l(g.^tc.
Provisions.
LARD -Quiet: Western steam, $4 10; May,
94 30. nominal; refined, slow; Continent. *4 35;
bouth American, $4 60; compound. 4@41.4c.
PORK— Quiet, steady: new mass, ?475«54 85.
I VI '1 Ki.— Ci.o.ce, steady; Western creamery,
lK<a,2oc; do factory. 7@13y 3 c; Elglns, 20c; imita
tion creamery, ll(fc,l6c.
CHEESK — Firm, fair demand. Part skims,
6@9Viic; full skims, : j @3V2C.
i-.uutt— Steadier. Icehouse, case. 82 25@3 SO:
Western fresh. 18 Vic: limed, 12Vj@13y 2 c.
TALLOW— DuII. City, fcVic: country, 3y 8
sy 2 c.
COTTONSEED Oil. — Quiet, steady; crude,
SOjg'.OVzc: yellow prime. 2.>y 2 @24c.
iiOLASSES-Sieady. fairly active. New Orleans,
18080 c.
CoFFEE— eady. unchanged to 6 points up
March. S3; May. »9@9 05; June, $9 06; July,
*9 10; September, B0 05@9 10: December, *9 10
(0.9 15. Snot Rio dull: No 7, 96 c.
OAK— Fairly active, firmer, 'no 9, 3 13-16 -
No. 13, 3Vic it ib: off a, 4@4V 8 c « ft.; moid,
45 /R e: stand .id. 43/ a c; conteci oners, 4'/4c;
cm loaf. 6c: crushed, 01:; powdered, 4 sac; granu
lated, 43 c; cubes, 46 /8 c
i ruit and Produce.
APRICOTS— Bags, 9@llc.
J*>CHhfc-Peeiert. boxes lii/ 3 ®lsc; unpeeled.
bass 1 (5:9".
PRUNKS-Fourslzps, 4»^@sc.
BAisiNt-— Two crown l. M., 4y 3 c; three
crown, 6y 4 c; four crow tffiirji/ac; London layers.
SI 35ffil -.5: clusters. $1 40@l Bi.
A MONIJb — soft then. B<.q.9V»c: paper shell
1 1 (cC 1 2c.
WALNUTS— Standard, 7c; do soft shell, 9c.
HOPS— Choice fairly active. Pacific Coast, 6<a
16c
WOOL — Firm. Moderate demand. Domestic
fleece, 22@23c; pulled, lb@3lc; Texas, 7@l*c,
Merchandise.
riOlßON— QuieL American, 10 25®10 50
COPPER-Firm. Lake. $12. W
J.i AD— Easier. Domtstu:. t :+ 25fjt .< 30
1 IN— Dul. Mra:ts, *13 35®13 60: plates
moderate demand. '
SPELTER— Quiet. Domestic, 4@4 10.
CHICAGO MARKETS.
CHICAGO, li.r,. Feb 18— inclination of
the crowd in the wheat pit was to bull wheat this
znornine. There was nothing new on which to base
burin; argument, but sentiment was on the buying
Bide, and consequently the market was firm. Ihe
newspapers were filled with war news, and that
apparent y had some Influence on the minds of
speculators, although the tone 01 Liverpool cables
FINANCIAL.
CHICAGO GRAIN, PROVISIONS
AND NEW YORK STOCKS.
WHEELOCK & CO.,
4 Leidetsdorfl St.. Tel. Main 1934.
( tNTRA I. OFFICE
(23 Market .St., Palace Hotel. Pur if & Atkinson
Managers- 'lei. Main 5144.
Uptown Office— Baldwin Hole! (adjoining Grill
Room). Tel. Main lu9l.
PURDY. ATKINSON & CLAPP, Managers.
Orders instantly executed on latest market quo
tationa. Reference lit National Bank. S. F. •
Cfi.ICA.UU. ktUVAI* Wiitiu smvf yoo&
1 was not by any means excited. An advance of 1/4
to Vis 1 took place In that mar- the yam being In
■ynipatby with ours of yesterday. The Cincinnati
Price current reported ihe condition of the grow
ing crops maintained, and added that there was
some Improvement, In the interior mi ling de.
maud.
Receipts at Chicago were 29 cars, and 67.510
bushels were taken from store The Nortnwest
bad 182 car?, against 256 last Thursday and 344
a year ago. Export clearances were fairat32H.
--178 bushels. Closing cab es were lower. Antwerp
was a nil. May wh> a: opened from 74R,jCto 74 i- 2 c.
advanced to 75s g^7oi^c, closing at <- /iQ>7.'.3/ '.-,
%®**C h Rher tnan yesterday. Kstiuia;ed r«
cvipts for to-morrow, 20 cars. No. 2 red. spot
wheat ranged from 84 2 c to 853/ g c, closing at
851 4 c. »
CvjRN — Prices we c hither, taking in tlveand
inspiration for me improvement from wheat.
Business early was light and flu tuationn were
neither broad nor Imporranu The Cincinnati 1 rice
( urrent stated that cold weather was In lowa mid
the Northwest territory. Receipts we c J.)it cars,
and 167,700 bushels were taken from store. Liver
pool cables were linn and unchanged. About noon
two prominent : commission-houses bought freely,
presumably for "short" account, price* advancing
on the demand. I x; ort clearances were very
lage at 1.371. bushels. May corn opened at
23 ! * / 4c advanced to B:424 Vic. closing at 24®
2-1 i /8 c. .'•«': higher than yealeiday. Estimated re
ceipis for to-iii.iri aw, -05 cars.
OATti— Fractional advances were gained in
oats. Ihe surroundiUK specu. ative strength was
credited with the Improvement. Business was in
much the sime rut tha. it has been for s-jiii'- time,
Receip.s were 249 curs, and 49,960 bushels were
wi !:ilr!»wn from stoic. Exports were 20.505
bushels. May oatt closed '41 higner than yes er
day. Estimated receipts lor to-morrow, 320 cars.
FLAX — Steady. Cash No 1, .4'-.r; North
western. 76 Vic: May, 76i/3©7r.3 /4 c: July, 78>-,ic
bid.|Sf pte.mber, 79 4C bid. Kecetuis were 14 cars.
PROVISIONS— The receipts of hogs showed a
heavy falling off tin- morning and advices from
the yards gave an advance in prices of 5 cents.
Product was prompt to respond to the strength of
the live hog market, snort* covered some and
under the good demand prices made considerable
improvement. May pork closed 15@17Vj
higher. May lard 7i/2@ lo higher ana May ribs iO
higher.
HITTER— The butter market was quiet and
steady. Receipts were moderate and demand
slow. Prices unchanged
Creameries — Extras. 20c; first*, 18 @ 19o;
seconds, 6c; imitations, fancy, 1.1641 4 c. Dairies
— Extras. 17c: firsts. li<jblbc: seconds. 10a
Ladles— Extras, 11^12c; timia. bV-jtf'JVsic: puckin;
nock-, be; grease, - VitS^c; roll duller, luffilOVjC.
EGGt— Receipts were liberal and the demand
showed advancement,
MONEY— Was 4V : @s%on call and 6% on time
loans. New York exchange sold at 65c discount.
Closing I'rices.
WHEAT-February, 75.% c; May. 75i,i@763 /B e;
July, 71>«c
CORN— February. 228,@.'Ji- 3 c: May, 24@24i 8 c :
July. 2JVa®2siic.
iiAis- February, 17i 8 c; May, 17V'8°: July,
17y B e.
luKK- May. 18: July, ?H 12l/ 2 -
LARD— May. *4: July. $4 071^.
Hlßb-May, *4 121/2; $4 17V S .
Livestock.
UNION STOCKYARDS, 111. Feb. 1&-The
supplies of cattle show a falling off. only about
43.*00 head having arrived so far this weeic,
against 45.317 for the same period of las week
and 52,368 a year ago. To-day's run was about
8500 bead, or 8750 less than arrived yesterday
and 2250 less than last Thursday. The smallness
of the supply made buyers more anxious to pur
chase, and the pens weie cleared at an earlier
hour than usual, prices ruling stronger than yes
terday. The receipts of hogs so far this week
amount to about 140,800 head »gainst 118.210 for
the same part of last week, 115, la->t year and
171,563 two years ago. The estimated run to-day
was about 32,000, aud prices were stroi.g at an ad
vance of 5©7 i the uemand lor packing and
shipping account bei^g active.
About 51,500 head of sheep have been received
so far this week, *gainn 52,358 for the first four
days last week and 59.465 for the corresponding
period a year agu. Both sueep and lambs are in
active demand and rung prices and choice fat
muttocs are sealing h' her than they 111.1 last
week. Trm'e was active and prices strong to-day.
CATTLE— Receipts. 5»00. Fancy beoves, $5 30
©5 40: choice to prime steers. $4*s(j£s 25; good
to choice steers, £4 40(54 80: meuiuiu steers, $4.0
(£4 35; fair oeef steers, $3 9L't<s4 05; common beef
steers.s3 50(53 85: good to prune stockers and feed
ers. S3 85!44 25: common to yood stockers ana feed
ers. «3 .0.0,6 *0: bulls, .now to extra. $3 9O(di4 05:
bulls, poor to . hoi c. $3 5. (*4; cows and hellers,
cnoice to prime. 52 35(a,3 40; cows, fair to choice,
$2 boiaiJ 70; cows, common to fair cunners, *1 75
@2 jO~; calves, nood to fancy. 15 75@t3 25; calves,
common to gooa, $3 25©3 70: l«.n led steers.
fair to choice. $3 40@4 SU; lexas cows, bulls and
oxen, 5.' M@.J 50; milkers and surioge:s, per
head, $xb«i,b<J.
HciGS— receipts, 82,001). Heavy packing and
Ebippin; lots. S3 30103 50: common to choice
mixed. S3 35*3 &**£: cnoice assorted, $* 45®
3 57Va: "Kb:, $3 40&o 67Va: P^gs $3 25®3 65.
bHi-.KP— Receipts. 15.0UU. iaienor to choice,
»2 511(3,4. 25; lambs, $3 i>o^i -0.
Receipts at Omaha.
FOUTH OMAHA. Nkbr.. Feb. 18 —TirioS—Re
ceipts, 5000. Light and mixed, $3 30@3 40: heavy,
13 -.'SUM 30.
CATTLE— Receipts. 440. Market strong to 10c
higher. Steers. $3 50&4 35; cows, $1 50@3 60;
feeders. $3 25(g,4 20.
bUEEP — i.eceluls. 3400. Market firm.
Muttons, $3 85; lambs, 94 65.
Receipts at Ka- >. « City.
KANSAS PITY. Ma. Feb 18 — CATTLK—
Receipts. 4700. Market slow. Native dressed
beef, Hid,* S5; cows ana lielfers, $2 85<jgi3 40:
bulls, $^($3 25; s-ockers and feeders, S3 23@4;
Texan and astern, f 3@3 75.
HKU-4 .Ki>relpi«. 13 000. Market 6c hieher.
Light, $3 2f@3 SO; medium, $3 3-.'Vii©S 37y ;
heavy, $3 30*3 37%; pigs, $3 -2b(q,6 30
bUEEP— Receipts. 16.000. Market steady.
NEW YuKK STOCKS.
Bonds, Kxchaogo, Money and Railroad
Shares.
Money on call easy at Va&lKiX; last loan yi%
and closing offered at Vj>X- Prime mercantile pa
per 3%. tar silver, 6-i6^c Mexican dollars, 60»4c
Sterling exchange steady, with actual business in
bankers' bills at $4 85@4 fcM/* for tO days and
84 87 for demand. Posted rates, $4 85Vi@
4 84. Commercial bills. $4 H3y 3 84 J/ 3 . Gov
ernment bonds steady; ."State bonds dull; railroad
irregular.
CXOSTNO STOCK".
Am Te: 4 Cable... »*5 .North American... 414
Atchlson I4V2, Northern Pacific. 14i/i
Preferred 2'J7 /8 ; it forre.l 7 7 M
Adams Express.. .l4B {Northwestern. 104
Alton. Terre Haute 66 | Preferred 153
American ExnressllOi^ N V Central 92%
American Tobacco 71% ; N Y. Cblcacoisi L 11
Preferred 100y» Ist preferred 70
Bay Male (ius 11 i 2d preferred. 23
Baltimore & Ohio.. 15 \ V A.\ H 173
Brun»wlcit Lands. »/ 8 n V & New Eng... 37
Buffalo, Koch &P. I"V* NY. Susq <t W.... 9
Canada Pacific 64Va Preferred 2434
Canada Boutbarn.. 44i/ a Ontario 10^4
Canton I.sn4 607 /8 Ontario A WeVt»rn l4S,ij
Central Pacific 11 Oregonlmprovmnt— —
ibes i Ohio 17 Prefe-red
Chicago Alton 162 Oregon Navigation 14
Preferred 17H/2 Oregon r-horlLinc. 14
Chicago, B & Q.... I*",* i'eclflc Mail . 241/,
Chicago* E 111.... 42 Peona D & Kvam '£
Preferred 95 Plttsburs; it W pfd. 16
Chicago Gas.. 7«y, Pnilman Palace.... 1641^
Cleve A PliitDure.lßSl^'QnicUsilver 1
Consolidation Coal. 33 j Preferred 11
Consolidated Gas.. 14 9 Heading 348/.
C CCA St Louis... iJtiVi : KioGrandeAWeatD 12
Preferred 76 1 1 referred 38i£
Colo Fue. & Irca.. 21 Rock Island.. 66
Preferred 90 Rome\VatAOeden.H7
Cotton 0.1 Cert.... 1 1 1 4St L s W 35%
Commercial Cable. 150 | Preferred 10 '
DelMndsoo lU7VS «-t Paul 761,4
Del Lack&Westrn. 16-1.-2 Preferred i3V;:t.
Denver A RG. 10i/,>t Paul A Dulutn.. 18
Pieferred 4OVs Preferred 86
Distillers. jSt Paul A Omaha.. 48
General Electric... !MV a | Preferred 1.(0
Erie Hi/iaHM&U IJS
Preferred 34 Silver Certificates. 6434
Fort Wayne 183 1 Southern Pacific... 16
Great Northern ofd 120 .bout hern X H ...... 9
Green Bay ! Preferred 27.%
Harlem a»2 Sugar Hennery. '3» /4
UocklngCoal. »*& Preferred 10v!»/4
Hocking Valley... 4Va Ter m Coal A Iron.. 26Va
HornestaKe 33 I Preferred ISO
HA Texas Central Texas Pacific 9i /a
Illinois Central.... 91V4'10l A A A N Mich.
i.'.'iitral. bS/g.'l oi Ohio A Central 15
Prelerred 24ya 1 Preferred 50
Kansas A Texas... lit Tol bt Louis AX C 61,2
Preferred 29Vai Preferred 18Va
Klnrston A Peno.. 3 | Union Pacific 684.
Lake Erie A Westn 16 U P Den AUalf.... 13/ (
Preferred bK^'u s Cordage. —
Lake Hnore 154Vti Preferred —
National Lead 22 1 /.. Guaranteed
Preferred 89Vs.C 8 Express 85
Long Island 46 U Leather. 8
Louisville A Nash. 48 I Preferred . 6<jy 2
Louisville, Aiony >/ t U b Rubber '-'O^g
Prelerred 11/4! Preferred 7oy a
Manhattan C0n.... 87 Uilca A B River...
Memphis A Charts 16 \V»b HL A Pacific. 6Vg
Mexican Central... 8»/* Preferred 1->T'B
Michigan Central.. BUV3 Welli-Farco. 88
AlinnASL — — Western Union »1 8 A
Preferred Wisconsin Central. 'I
Minn Ast L com.. 18 3 /., Wheeling Ai. E... IV a
Ist preitrred 77 Preferred 7
2dureferred 4oV 2 ' Am Cotton Oil pfd- 63
Missouri Pacific... 1»3 /( WU Beef 6«^
Mobile* Ohio 20 Vi Ann Arbor »
Nashville A chut. «7y 3 Preferred.. ...... 24
National Linseed.. 18 I Brooklyn Traction. 21
N J Central 97% Erie 2d Did. 19
Norfolk A Westrn. llVs American tiplrlu.. 1.-Vs
frelerrea )6y 2 | Preferred 33
CLOSlxa BONDS.
Ala Class A 4*.... .106 Northern Fae l«ts. US'/fa
Do Class B 4, 65.10. > Do 2d«. f>s3 8
Alabama, class C. 97 Do Sda. «8
Atchison 4s 82: DoconsolSa
Do yds A 47 Or lmproTmnl ls - 8"i
Canada South 2dt. 107 Co 18
Ceo lac lsts uf'Bs O X & N lilt 11 .3;
Cnerok ee 4a. 1896.103^ Do cons 5s — -
Do 1897 104 Or Short Line 65. . .116
DoIB9K 104 Doconsol ba 7SV4
1>01899 104 Pacific 6sof '97....
Cbe- & Ohio 5b.... 110 Pblla* Heading 4* HOVg
lhi.M"lr HcuSi 42% Do Ist locum. 4of.
D C 3-668. lO9V*IK OrandoWestlsn 72%
Den &It Ist llli 'St J.«:lroriMtUens« 75
Do 48 88 8t L&esKOen Us..llli^
Erl« Ms 65V<i!^t Paul Consols 130
Den City lsts 6M/8 -t C<t Pa lets ..lie
<" HAK AUs 104 jbo ( aru.ma 4V*%.. 107 V«
Do I'd 7b. *-6 booibern X Koi... BVV4
t.en Klec Deb 61... 96 I Do Pac Cal laia.. 107
U &Tex Centss...lO9V^!Tcnn new Ss 77
Do con 65.. 102 Texas Pac 15t5..... 88%
lowa Central lsu..- 86Vi lexa* Pac 2as. . . '/I
Kansas l'» Consols 7iy a Union f>*c Ims 08.104V4 j
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 19, 3 897.
En Pa Ist. Den Divl lfii^iU B 4s reg of 1025. 122
La Coiirol 4a. U63,4 Do 4s, coupon . 1223,
Missouri funding... C X 4s reg of 1907. lll^i,
11 X T ids ow-ii IX>4s. coupon 116
I>o4s t4 Do 2s 95y
, Mobile 4 Ohio 4i.. 67' Do is. Reg li.-ivj
Mutual Union U5. .110 ' ' Do coupon ll.Si-c,
N J Cunt Gen s*. . . 1 17 1 ■. V'a lundlni? deot... tilv 8
N Y C<feStLouls4slosViß Do registered.....
NorA- Wen iien6al-'O ] Do deferred tis... 6
NCaro.inacou 4s. 101 1 Do trust rcpt stpd 6ti
Do 6s 122 IWabash Ist 6s lOe'/s
>i.riiiwe.-, 1 1 1 ■ t Weal bliore 4a...,,i0 o ; ri
l>uut>i» & a jig j
FOREIGN MARKETS.
WHKAT IN LIVKBPOOI-
I.IVKRPOuL. Kxa., Feb. 18.-The spot market
Is quiet at 6-s CV&i'-@c's 7 1 -&■ Cargoes are firm at
33s 6a, prompt shipment.
FUTURES.
The Produce Exchange cable elves the following
Liverpool quotations for No. 2 Red Winter: Ft
ruary, 6s 23, id: March 6s 3d; May, 6s 4i,id;
June, 6s :!3 4 u; July, 6li 3*4<L
■KCUBITIKS.
LONDON. E?;a., eb. IK.— Consols, 111 15-16:
• liver, 29 11-16 d; French Rentes, 102f 37VaC
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, 60 .lays — $4 86Si
Kierilnj; Exchange, sight — 4 8«-<.
Sterling Cables — 4 89
New York Exchange, sight — 25
New Yoric Exchange, telegraphic. — •_'7i;>
Fine silver, per ounce — H.'. «
Mexican Dollars , — 61« 4
PBODUCE MARKET.
WHKAT AN'IJ tTHEB GRAINS.
WHEAT— Futures were steady, but dull. Spo;
Wheat showed no change whatever. Quoted at
$1 25@1 32 Vi for common grades, $1 31@1 38 Vi
for average No. 1, 51 37 1^ ~f, ctl for choice and
$1 42Vi@l 50 V ctl for ex rft choice milling.
CALL BOARD NAI.KS.
Informal Session— 9:l6 o'clock— No saw.
Skcomi session — lvi ay — 6-00 ctls, $134;
2000, 9 1 333*; 6000, $1 •.<<%.
Kkgi-lak Aioexino MCSBION— May— lß,ooo ctls,
f 1 34. !>ecemb«-r— SI 183^.
aftkbnoon Session— May— fcOOO Ctls, $1 34:
800U, *1 3j%. lJec-rubtr-4000, SI lb»i; 2000,
$1 1BV 2 : 60«0. $1 18i 4 .
K.\ RLhY — Feed is mm and 11 • changed. Feed,
75@80c'$ctl: Brewing. 87V2@92Vsc.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— No sales.
bKCOND session— No sales.
KKiiii.AK Morning - kssion— December— 4ooo
ells. 77VijC: 2000, 773 8 May— 2ooo, 77s/ B<\8 <\
afternoon Mission -May— 2ooo ct's, 77c.
OATS— I outinue very quiet. Milling. $1 28@1 40:
Fancy Feed, #1 37V 2 a.] 45: Common *'hlle, »1@
1 10: good to entice. SI 1.'.®1 35, according o
quality: Black for feed, 95cfa>jl 05: for s-ed,
*1 10i$l 25: (Jray. *1 15f§l 30; Ked, $1 10@l 20;
surprise, $1 i-ita,} 50 ** ctl.
COR -—The influx from the East bat not yet
ceaietl. as will be seen by tne rt-eeip s. Lar,-e Yel
low. 76@80c; Small Kound do, 80c; White, 77V 2
@62VaC «4 ctl.
KYi-.-hsfS9oc ctl.
BUCKWHEAT-Quoted at ?1 16@1 25 * ctl.
FLOUR AXI) MiXItSTUFFB.
FLOUR— Net cash (rices are: Family extras,
$4 Bf-(<£4 95: Baker.-,' extras. $4 75<&4 85: Super
fine. $4<a4 35 'f. bbl.
( i >I;.\ Ml-.A J. ETC Feed Coru, *17@17 6J-
Cracked Corn, $17 5U@l B ft ton.
MIH.STUFFs— In sacks are ts follows,
usual discount to the trade: Ciraham Flour, $-' 85
V 100 lbs: Rye Flour, B2 75 "§, 100: Bios Flour,
$5 75: Cornraoal. $'Jfg,'J 25; extra cream do, $2 75;
Oatmeal, $3 60; Oar Groats, $4; Homiuy, $3 10
@3.1O: Buckwheat Flour. $3 25(g3 60: lacked
Wheat. $3 60; Farina. ?4; Wliole Wheat Flour,
$3: Roltd Oats (bbls). 55 50@5 90: Pearl Barley,
J3 ib(&4: Split Peas, $3 50; Uretn do, $4 25 »
100 lbs.
HAT ANU FEEOSTOrrS.
Hay is weak at the old quotations.
BKaN— sl2 60@13 for die best and $11 50©12
V ton for outside brands.
.Ml L>LlNtt»- $lB 50(§;19 50 for lower grades
and $2U@2l %* ten lor ihe list.
FKKDsTUKFs — Boiled Barley, $17 60@18:
Oi cake Meal a the null, $-'6 M) > ton; jobbing,
$27 50: clipped Oat |1 3U (a 160 * ctl.
HAY — Wheat, 98011; Wheat and Oat, $7®
10: Oat. (?6<vi9 Barley, .*7(<lß 50: River Barl»
--f5(£tt 50; Alfalfa. $6&7 50: compressed. S6@
V 60: stock. $s<jatj; i lover, a-tija* p. ton.
STRAW— 2S&SOC « bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
All goods under this head are dull.
BEANS — Kayos. $1 50@l 60 fl ctl: Smail
White*, $1 15<&1 25 1?. ctl: Larce \\ hues, $l(al Id
ctl; lin s. $1 JO(g*l 28: Reds. S110f<£120:
Ulaclceye. $1 lU(p>l 16; Red Kidney, $2 60 Llmas,
$1 70©l 90; Batten, «1 25@1 50: Pea. «1 15@
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, 82 8002 78: Ye low
Mustard. $1 7S@2 ft ctl: Flax. fl'S601140; Ca
nary >eed, I»4@2V4C ¥- Ib; Alfalfa, i,i. 4 c; Rape,
2i/ r a 2S / ic; lii-uip. 3c: Timothy, 4iAc. '
I>RlKi> PEAS— Miles. $1&1 20 V ctl; Green,
$1 40@l 50 f ctl. _
rOTATOKS, OMO.NS, VEGETABLES.
Several hundred boxes Mexican Tomatoes came
in. Potatoes and Onions are about the same.
POTATOKS— New Potatoes. 3c f( !b; sweet Po
tatoes, $I®l 50: Early Rose. 7U^i.Boc: River Heds,
7038Uc: Barbank .Seedling* .Ott7"<- V ctl tor
Rlvers,9oc@sl 10 for Idas and 60@SJc for Pet
alumas; Oregon Boroanks, 75*$1 10.
O-MONtj— sl 51 @1 75 >. ctl; Cut Onions, 75c@
$1 25; Oregons. #l"iiO(<j J
Vhlir.l A Ho house Cucumbers. 50c,'<i?l
f* dozen; Asparazus <*(<$ .(c V It. tor common and
■-:O@c2sc tor choice: Rhubarb. »'£(&% 25 r- box; Loi
Angeles Summer ><iua-<li i " 6c(ig,tl t 1 - box: i.os An
gel»-s Green P. ppers, 40(g»75c *f» box- Mushroom*,
b(a,loc V- Bi; Marrowfat squash. •$; <i.7 %* ton:
Los Angeles TomHtoe.-*. 50<fa$: V box; > exlcan
Tomatoes $1 25; Uriel pen, 7.i>, V ]i ; Green
Peas, 4@, ; ic ■$ B>: los Aneeies Siring lieans, B'<9
lUc; Lined Okra. B'o.i«c ■$*. tt>; Cabbage, 40«t50c t*
ctl; Carrots. -s@3uc 'f sack; Garlic, IV->@2c ■$ ft.
BCTTEK, CHEESE AND KG OS.
BUTTER— Price* range about the same.
Creamery — Fancy creameries, 20@21c; sec
onds, 17Va@18c i» ft..
Dairy— hai-cy rolls. 15(g,10c: squares, 16@17c
■^ Ib; «ooa to choice, 13fa,i4c; lower grades. 10®
12V2 r »
I'l'cKLEO-lsaUc? Ib for old and 15c » Ib for
new.
Firkin— lS@l4c * ft. for old and 15c %i &> for
new.
Cbeamery Tub— l6@l7c V &>.
« HKKM-. — Choice mud new, 9@]('c: common to
rood old, 7V 2 (g,B'-oc: Cream Cheddar, llr^l2c %) tt>;
Young America, 10@llc; Western, ll@12c; tast
ern. J4@l4i,2C
KGG: — No further decline Stocks are Urge,
however. Ranch Kges, 13@14c; store Kegs, 11®
12c f doz; Duck Eggs, 16c
POULTRY AND GAME.
POULTRY— Hens and old Roosters are weaker.
A car of astern Poultry was oflered yesterday.
Live lurk. l'J@l3 ? ib lor CJobblers, 12(ffil3c
■? Ib for liens: Dressed Turkeys. 1-.@16 f Ib;
Geete, pair, $1 &0<&l 75; UosMnes, $2 50(3,3;
Ducks. $4 5U<&5 50 for Old and *6(<j,7 for voting:
Hens, »3 :ofrf4 60: Booster", youn.-. $5@5 50
--do, old, ?3 61@4; Fryers, $4 5035: Broilers. $4 50
@5 lor large and $L<§,4 lor .-mall; Pigeons, $:>(&
•I 50 ♦* do/, for ounii «nd $l@l 26 for old.
Q Alt*. — Kntltah aal t c ai e quo- able $2 f o@3;
Jack Snipe, »* doz- Hare. 50@76c: itnhbt.s,'
SI 25 for Cottontails and *1 101 small bray
Geese. 82 50: Wblte Geese, fl; Biant, $1 MV
Honkers. $3 50@4-
DECIDUOUS AND CIIRCS FRUITS.
No change* in prices. All kinds are quiet
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Apples, »oc@sl V box for choice, 31 20@l 50
for tan y Bed, 60@7 for common; Eastern
are nominal.
BERRIEf>—
»s;ern Cranberries, $6@7 fi bbl.
CITRUS FRUITS— NaveI Oranges are quotable
at $1 "il®.: 75 %i box: Seed ing-, 75c@il 26 9 bx -
Lemons, 5 ic@sl tor common and $1 25(&1 60 for
good to rholce; Mexican Limes. $5: California
Limes, 75c® »1 25: Bananas, fl<j2 ft bunch-
Pineapples, ?-'®4 f* doz.
DRIED FRUITS, KALINS, NUTS, ETC.
A. W. Porter, who has just teturned from the
East, reports that stocks of Dried Fruit in the prin
cipal markets there are about third of what,
they were at this timo tail year. I" nd ordinary
cir< unisiHii. Ba ibis would produce a better feeling,
but dealers *re buying iron, hand to mouth Only,
being frightened by the California growers and
dealers who are continually off*- ring lo sell at lower
priced, thus breaking lueiroivn market.
The recent cold snap dl ' conquerable damage to
peach buds thiouEbout the East.
Prunes are still lower.
DRI..D FKUI'IN-Quotationson the Fruit Ex
change are nominally as follows:
Carload Lots— apricots are quotable at &Soc
for Royals and 11^<j@12c for choice to fancy
MoorparKs: Prunes. /4 @3c for the 4 siz-s:
Peaches, 4@M^i.- for prime to choice. Si/<,^7c for
fancy and t<&luc for peeied in boxes; Apples. 6@
51/2 C for evaporated and :@2V2C fur sun-iritd;
Pears, 2Va(&sc tor prime to choice, 4®.ii/ a c for
quartern aud tt@o^. for ha vvs: Plums. 4c for
pitted and 1 \' 2 t: fur unpitteC; Nectarines, 3V2@
4 %c for choice and 5V 2 c for fancy ; Whli«.*ics,
3c; Back Fig«, 2U@2V&c.
Jobki.vo Pricks- Peaches. 4'-i@siAc » ft
f«nry. 6%@7%c >« Ib: peeled. 12^- sfib. Apri
cots, 61/2 u.0 V tti; tanc.-. 10c: MooiparKs \.(a,
13c: evupora'.t-d App os, 584 c: sun-diieu, 3S4@Bc-
Prunes. 3V4^3^4c forth* 4 i.izes: Figs, black, 3c lor
unprt-ssed »rd .H^3V~c for pressed ; white Flks. 4c;
P.uim. 4V2@sc for pitted ana li/ 2 c for unpittrd;
Xectarinis, 4i.a.tic ft) tor prime 10 fancy: Pears
2^<,@sc for who;*, 4Va&5V 2 c for quarters and 4V»
@tt Vac for naive*. "
EAfUIS —
Carload Pkiceb — Fonr-crown, loose, 58/.c:
three-crown, 43/»c Ib: two-crown. 3%c * ft;
seedless Ssullamts. 51-2 C: seedless Muscatels, 4s. 8 c;
three-crown London layers. ?1 16: clusters, $1 NO:
i •lu--a clusters. $2 6U; Imperial clusters, $3
dried Grapes, 3c 9 Ib.
Jobbing Pricks Fbancisco— Four-crown,
loose, 6*ViC: 3-ciown, 48/4 C; 2-crown. 3!Jic;.B«*ed
less Sallanas, 6 s /ic; seedless Musca.eln, i\-<r;
3 crown London layers, $125; clusters, fl 60:
Dehesa clusters, $2 76: Imperial clusters. $3 -j5.
NUTS— chestnuts quotable at b@lor; Walnuts
6Vs(!t7c V Ib fur standard and y<£9 U.c ? v, for
shell; Almonds, i-(g,6i. z c for Languedoc, 3ia
31^1 fur hardshell ><nd B@9c ip Tb for papers 1 ;
Peanuts, 4(tbtSc V Ib for KnsterD and 4c tor Cali
fornia; Hickory Nuts, t@6c * ft; Pecans, 7Vi©
BcVlb: Hiberts, 7iA@Bo: Brazil Nuts, 7V2®Bc;
Cocoauuts, $R@s 60 ViToo.
HONEY— Comb, lo@l2i/<|C for brigbtand 6@9c
for lower grade*; waier-%vbit« extracted. 6@sV»^:
light amber extracted, 4JU?®43,ic; dark amber, 4®
4i-,c: oar«, i@3c Ib.
BEESWAX-22@25c^ Ib.
PROVISIONS.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, 6c Ib for heavy, 7c
1* It for light medium. 9%c for light, 10c * Ib for
extra light and lli /2 c p!b for sugar-cured. Eas>
eru sugar-cured Hams, 12@12y»c; California
Hams. 10<ai0i^; Mess Beef, »7@7 50; extra
mess do, *h(%h 0 0: family do. S9bo(ailO: extra
prime Pork. $/ 50&8: extra clear. *16 * bbl;
mess. $14 %i bbl: Smoked Beef, 10c %» lb.
LAUD— r.astern ti-rces is quoted ai 6%c for
compound an.i 6«6V:,c far pine: pails. 7c; «ah
forniu tierces. 5(3,6 i/ 2 c f tt> tor rompound and 6V4C
for pure: balf-bbls, 6 s /ic; l U- B) t . us, 7 V*C ; do, 5 tb,
'^c Ib
COl TuLKN'E— 5V 3 @5 : *ie in tierces and 7»4@
8i /8 c In lu-lb tins.
HIDES, TALLOW, WOOL. AND HOPS
HiDES AND SKINS— culls and brands sell lc
under sound stock. Heavy salte-J steers are quot
able at He V Ib: medium, 7c * tb: light. 6@6V<|C:
Cowhides, 6GS6y 2 l ; Suited Kip, 6c "$ Ib; sailed
Calf. 7©Be: s<t t<-d Veal, 6c: dry Hides, l.'i /s (gt
i3o: culia aud brands. 9V2@loc 5* Ib: dry Kip aud
Veal. 99100; dry Caif. 15c; cul s, 10c; Goatskins,
20@i.-> each: Kids, sc; Deerskin*, good summer,
25c p Ib; medium, 20c: winter, 10c; Sheepskins,
=i.e.w.,iu>, )>.(a»2oc each; short woo!, 25@35c
•■a h: luedium, 30@45j each; long wools, 40t£60c
each.
TaLLOW— No. 1, rendered, 808440; No. 2,
2V 2 C: rtrlned. sc: Grease, 2c ~& Ib.
Wool -We quote: Sail Jouquiu, 4@6c; Eastern
Oregon, 7(§iloc f, a>.
Hops— ti(^Bc for fair to choice and 9@loc 9 Ib
for fancy.
GINJERAL MEIt^HAXDISE.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain nags, spot, sc; June-
July delivery. sc; San Quentin, $4 75: Wool
Bags, 24V2@26Vjr.
COAL— Wellington, $8 "$ ton: New Wellington,
$3 per ton: Soutnfield Wellington, $7 50 9 ton;
Seattle, »5 50; Bryant. $5 50: Coos Bay, $4 75
r ion; Wallsend. $6 50 ft ton; Cumberla-d.
$13 50 •$ ton In bulk and $16 In sacks; Penn
sylvania, Anthracite Erst. $H@l2 »1 ton; Welsh
Anthracite. *?%,g,IU: Can u el. *8 »> ton; Rock
. > ■p^ii l g^, Castle Gate and Pleasan. Valley. $7 60;
Coke, *11®12 In bulk and $13 ft ton in »ks.
SUUAR— The Western 5-ucar Keflning company
quotes, terms net cash : cube an 1 Crushed, s Vic;
1 oudereri, sc: Fine Crushed. 6 Vic: Dry Granu
lated, 43/ 8 c: Confectioner^' A, 4S /g c: Magnolia A,
4c; 1 -TtiaC, 3V 8 c; uolden C, 4 c; half barrels
V4O more than barrels, aud boxes ', a more.
SAN AN CISCO JIKAT MABKET.
Wholesale rates for dressed stock from slaugh
terers are as follows:
BKKF— First quality, 6c: second. 6@siAc; third
do, 4@4y 2 c > lb.
Vh.AL— Lar««, 6@6c; small, 6@7c ft Ib.
MUTTOM— Wethers, 6@6VaC; Ewes, sVi@6c
ft Hi.
LAMB-Spring, 10@llc^ tb.
PORK— Live nogs, 3Vi(g.36,«c ft Tb for large and
3 8i(a;-.y s c for small and medium; dressed do, 4 3 / i
@6o ft tb.
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
FOR 24 BOCKS.
Flour, or sks ... 11,610 Man. ales 480
heau ctls 4,360 »iutt»r. cua..._ 53
l'.arley. ctls..._. 4.65J Chteso, ctu... — 168
Beans, ski >.«mo« ._ 4.410
Corn, Hldei.no , — 1.4.1
Eastern 4,7^0 Pelts, bdls „ a,6aO
Oats, cils Win*, pats .«. 44.75U
Eastern 400 : Wool, bis 43
Potatoes, sks.. _ 8 008 Leather, r0115... 57
Unions. •«...__ 195 Urn«. bbls - i.BO
Middlings, ski... 18 Alfalfa Seed, sicj 17!
ay, tons 365 1
THE STOCK MARKET.
The best prices for mining stocks yesterday
were under those of the preceding day and busl
nest wa< very dull.
The Hutchlnson Plantation Company will pay
a dividend of 25 cents per share on the 20tb.
The Ontario Mining Company of Utah has de
clared a monthly dividend of 10 cents per share,
amounting to *15,000, and payable February 28.
'I he books of the San lianusci Gas and Elec
tric C < nipany are bow closed, and will so remain
until March '-'. A dividend of $1 per share has
been declared, payable March 1. Afier that date
regular monthly divld.ndi of 50 cen a per share
will be paid. The $1 dividend Is for January and
February.
The L)aly Mining Company of Utah, after a long
Intermission, has resumed the payment of divl
dends. One of 25 cents per share, amounting to
s■-■7,500. and payable February 28, has been de
clared. Ih ■ payment of this dividend will In
crease the total to if -•,924,0 0. The company hxs
a cash b;.lanc>- on h«n.l of .*16U,7.5 47 ami bul
lion in transit valued at 960,000. The fol owing
board of director* has been elected: R. C. Cham
bers, Richard Mackintosh, J. B. Hapgln, George
11. Scott and David Kelih. R. C. Chambers was
ma president and general manager; Richard
Mackintosh, resident ; J. B. Hoggin, treas
urer, and Clarer.ce J. Aimy, secretary.
In me Comstoct workings or the Savage mine
during the week they wen; retlmberlng the main
shaft from the 450 level to the 400 level, ana tor
the purpose of making these repairs all other work
has t. -en suspended in the mine since the Blh lnst.
This irk will probably require two weeks more
to complete. In the Brunswick lode workings of
the Savage shall 1 has been sunk 9 feet on the in
cline since last report; total depth 818 feet; the
bottom is in hard porphyry. On the 400 level
east crosscut 1 started in th« main north drift 100
tec north of the south boundary, was advanced
M f et for the week, maki.iK Its total length 73
feet: ill e face Is In porphyry.
In tne down Point mine during the past week
the south drift on the seventh floor of the bOO level
raise started from the end of the west crosscut at
that point is BOW out 53 feet, having been driven 9
tee; for the wee-;: the facets In porphyry. From
the c .d or this drift .hey have starred east cross
cut 2 and continued It for 9 feet; the face Is 1 i a
mixture Of clay and porphyry. On the too level
they are retlmberlnn the main south drift. The
usual repairs in the shaft and e>sewhere as re
quired are under way.
1 be yield of the Belcher mine for the past week
was 60 mining carloads of ore. the average assay
v»iue of which was «23 03 per ton.
No ore was hoisted from the beg. Belcher &
Mldes Cod. mine during the past week.
BOARD SALES.
Following were be tales la the San Francisco
Mock Board yesterday:
HKi.ILAK UOENI.NO SESSION*. rOMUK.\CINB 9:30.
2no Ainrm 06.100 Conn 100 Savage. 40
100 Alia. 04 50 H2'300 Sir... "34
400 Belcher— J ti.M) Ophlr 7KIOO Stnrd.. 1.65
30i 8«ft8......6U 10!) Ovrmn. ...lt 300 Union. ...S3
100 8u11i0n.... 13 *>0J Potosl 35- 3uo » J-C-....VJ3
isdcc^!:i^i 100 SUIO ° ••••- -24
AFTERNOON (SESSION— 2 :30.
100 Andes 11300 li&>'... 1.05 200 Potosl.. 42
. 00 8e1cher... 22 30 1.00 100 >nn«»...40
600 II At. . . . tV. 50 Mxlc. 34 50 Stanrd-1 65
SOU bulllon..^ll|4oj tipi,,r si loa Luiou. j>3
300 CCA V... LSI) 06 40« * J«CK«..2&
60 O4C 39.3UU 10r0»'_...41
Following were tue wii*i in the Pacific Stock
1 card yesterday:
BKOTJLAB PWSION— IO:3O.
30f» A1Dha.....06i 5J Conti 82 800 Ophtr 78
000 Alt* 04 500 C Imp... .01 400 79
-OOAniifo 11 i' 5 J «' Point. 2:250 ..... 77
35u Belcher.. 1 804 Kxchr bOO Ovrmn*.*." 10
- 0J BAB tin « vAC 391-JOO Potoal 40
*«! 59J20U H0t*.. 1.05 200 HaTage.... 40
on i llulllou._.ll 200 .. .1.021 i UJhßill. 06
300 Caleda.. ..08 300 Justice. ..o« 10 I *N«-v... 34
200 CnUnKC.T-.Bti SOO Kentuck..dl PJOO 8ni11....01
400 Chollar.. 500 L Wash....o) 100 Bidrdl.67V«
400CC*V....1.8D 400 Alex 3? tOU Union 34
1-50 l.!'lJi:00 3-i|iUJ Uj»a......U6
iauo -.it/ 8 5,0 occa 07 H)J i Ju*".-23
AiTKßxnox siMOiox— 2:3o.
200 Alpha H6|lloo Con 1m..01 F0t05i....39
300 Alia 05 .iOu irwnft.. 1 -40
20J Andes I . jOJ 2.1 .SOU 4*2
20U Uelcber...2l ibOJ UAC . . .40 401 fc«vaise....4O
360 BAB 6O!jo;j HdtN... 1.06 200 3»
200 8u11i0n.... Hi <5U Mexican.. 33J3oo d Ner. 34
•iOU Challge... »ti:»uU 34 50 8tnrd...1.70
20.i < hoir r<4iiou occidt:.. .07 -'OH Uni0n... ..34 I
650 CC&V-. 1.9! ODhir . 77 3UJ X .»..*... 23
•^OO I%HOO ... .....bliilOO 25
'r'Ji 0 , ;,- »-92Vfl«J0U Ovrmn.... 10 600 ....27
100 Conn biUoi fotoii . ...3S|
CLOSIXU QUOTATIONS.
THURSUAY, ieb.lß-4r.it
.7 «*"..•.»* £ut.At*44.
A!rh»cnn 05 O6|lolla ..,.-. — 02
Alt*. (It 06 Justlci' — «>*
Andes. 11 32 Kent net....- 01 H8
Belchsr 22 .Mexican 36 36
Best & Melons? til S.-v»di» QnM» 14 —
Eciiton Con.. . in HO North O<t C. — 80
"nllion 10 11 ocutaeu.^.... 07 08
lalertonla. 09 li ophlr bO 81
Chollar 85 fet> Overman 10 11
Con.Cal.fcVa... 190 1.95 i'otosL _ 41 *S
Challeucti Con. 38 3?!vavage. .._. 40 .41
ton. JmperiAi. 01 t2 .-corpion. _ 02 03
Confidence.... 87 — =e ». Belcher. . 05 06
1 ..n New Yor< _ C 2 >Uver Uill 01 i 2
Crown Point... 21 22 ."terra .\eva4t 34 36
fc.ftit»ierraA«y —■ standard 1.65 —
i-.urekacou... _ 4l -yudioate OS 13
fcxeheauet ... 02 0:1 UnlauUoa 32 33
tjvuia^i. curry. 39 40 , tau - 06 07
likltu.Aorcf.vl.o6 1.11. irUVWJ«d(«» 26 27
Jackson — a 0
STOCK AND BOND KXCHANGE.
THURSDAY. Feb. 18 2r.lt
UNITED STATKS BOND*.
.' ■-<>■.' Bid. AUtfiO.
V 8 4s c0n0.112 — D ttlim-Ull liOV»
I>onew issßel22i^ — |
U.LANKOCS BONDS.
Cai-«tCbleSs. Ulu, — UakUasb*.. - 104
Cal Elec I, 65125 132 an Is 6«. . . — HOi/i
CntraCW6« 95 1,714 umniDus <}<.. 12]» /4 l'*avi
I'pnt-stex-co - s.7^ I'&O By <$i. - 113
hd»n LAP 6U27^ 129 I'&CnKyßj. — 103
KSCHKRBs _ l Oi , l-wl-st RR8«114 119
Gtarv-it Rss - 103 U. keno, WUL - 10 j
H i .«fc.-s & Vi<. ids _ !t., cto P L. - 100
LosAUgI.6« - ICO I M- AN PK5v. lOO^fc.Ol
l>oiinteea 6j _ 4 ui h»PKKAm6i 9131 9^14
MKt-stCble6sl2?T/ _ .-pKßCaldi. — lift
DoKyCon t»s. 1063.106% sPKKialfrs. — 100
£>at Vines Ist — iuo -PBrHCal6v 97% 98V*
NevCNgR7s.lOS 106 BVW»ttr«s.l2o 12OV« '
N KyCal 6s.looVi — bVWater^s. luo IOOV3
_ 88 S tkinU*Kt»* - Wiify
.
■watkr stocki.
Contra Cost* 37 42 !Sprn« Valley 67% 07%
MarlnCO..... — i_ I
«AS AND ELECTRIC 9 TOC*S-
Capital. — 25 Pacific Llsrht 49 60
Central. SB^i - SFG&EIec. 86V& 963,4
MKlec Light — 81* SanKranosco I*4 *8 4
O>kOL4H — 64y3!atocktoa —. , I*o
Pac oas Imp — 91 j
IXSCBAJJCIS STOCK
Flreman'BFdlßU — | .
cuUMdiuciA-. *avic *to-k»
AnKlo-Ca!.... 51 631/4 First National 187
Bank of Cal.. 237 241 l.ondonPAA.l —
Cals>l><fcTColuß 110 |Merch Ex.... U —
«»VIS«S BANK STOCK*.
Oers<SLCo~l32s 1400 ISav&l^aa.. _ 105
HnmbS&L.liUJ — Security.. ...343 —
Mutual a.i — Union Trust. 825 DUO
s»t v Union — 476 j
STREET RAILROAD STOCKS.
California.... iui — si^^cila/ _ 100
Gt-ary-st 26 — Presidio 4JA —
Markei-51.... «4Vi ->4S/g
....... — FTOCK «.
Atlantic n... 16 17 lOtantCoo.. . 32 82%
California.... 80 110 |Vi«oriU — 80c
Ku*i«rn Jj.... 75 65 •
MISCILLAVKOTT^ *TO X 4
j Alaska Pkra. — 1041/4 Nat Vln Co.. _ PV,
| Her Lead Co. 80 100 j - ceanlcSSCo 24 36
HavrC&SCa. 15% — Pac Am FA— 4
Hutch ft Flo 246/» V 6 PacßoraxCo. — 95
MerhxAssu.. — 110 PurfPalntUo — '
SALES—MORNING SESSION.
Board—
16 Ulant Powder Con. 30 87y 3
20 do do b2 3100
15 do do 31 'JO
60 Hawaiian Commercial. Id 00
100 Marketrst Railway 43 75
102 SF lias A Electric Co 96 25
26 a V Water 97 60
BALES—AFTERNOON SESSION.
Board —
16 Bank of California 239 00
75 Giant Powder Con 32 00
25 (So ao 3 76
25 do do ♦».... 32 25
90 Market-st Railway _. 43 75
125 do do 44 00
150 do do 44 12i£
•»75 do do 44 25
$5000 Marke'-st Ry Con 5% Bonds 106 50
75 a X On* & Electric Co 96 75
SO Water _ > 7 60
$3000 S P Branch Railway Bonds. 98 00
:
|
j
,
I
|
I
!
i
>
!
|
i
[
I
'
!
,
i
1
'
!
|
I
■
:
I
i
j
I
I
i
i
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Jacob H. and Dora Neustadter to Neustadter
Bros, (a corporation), lot on SK cirner of i rove
an.l (iuueli streets, E 137:6 by 6 120: 810. etc.
Charles \V. Wilson to Eliza T. Wilson, lot on N
line of Waller street, 100 H of Masonic avenue, E
25 by N 10; $10.
James Tufti to Grace L. Tufts, lot on W line of
Central avenue (Lou), 125 a of Haight street, 8
25 by W 112:6: gift.
Ludwtg Kos to Caroline Koster, lot on SW
lint- of Tenth street, 200 bE of Folsom, SE 60 by
t»W9O: gift.
Louis M. and Mary 1.. Bevllockway to Alexan
der B. Truman, re record 1580 d 170. lot on S line
of Twenty-first street, 300 E of Guerrero, E 25x
100; $10.
Alexander B. and Catherine J. Truman to
AmanduiF. Schumacher, same: $10.
Charles and Margaret Westwood to Eugene
Daley, lot on N line of Army street, 101:10 E of
Diamond, E 25 by N 114; $10.
Adam and Kos.na Heser (nee Helnold) to Bar
bara Knobloch. lot on W line of Missouri street,
212:6 N of Mariposa. N 25 by W 100: $5.
Funny L. Stanley to John Spruance, undivided
eleveu-twenty-fourtbs of the following: lot on \V
lln» of Kismet-nth avenue, 79:6 N of Q street, N
-328, W 78:6, 8 3.7:6, E96:3; also lot on W line
or seventeenth avenue, 209:1 S of P street. 8
327:11, W 240:4. X 328, E 240:4: also lot on E
line of Seventt-entu avenue, 212:10 S of P street,
S 327:10, X 183:2, N 3v7:ti, W 200:11; »10.
Jacob and Una Heyman to Karl Becherer, lot
on M W corner of Heyman and Prospect avenues,
j W 70 by H 25, being lot 90. Jacob Heyman's sub
division of Cobb Tract: $10.
William J. Kenney to Jerome Kennev, lot 1344,
Gift Map 3; $10.
James Aitken & Archibald Barnard (trustee)
to James P. Dunne, lot on NW corner of Lizzie
street and Pioipect avenue, M 23:4, \V 70, >*
23:4, \V 28:8, *« 46:8, E 98:8; $10.
Jacob Rothschild to Jacob Heyman, lot on W
lint- of Mateo street, 25 H or Bemis, S 50 by W 112,
being lots 62 and 63, block 6, Mission and Thir
tieth-street Homestead; $10.
John and Rose u'Connor to Elvin C. McCall. lot
on NW line of Lisbon street, 150 sw of Italy
avenue. >W 75 by NW 100. being block 23, Ex
celsior Homesteal; $10.
AI.AVIK.DA COUNTY.
Richard and Johanna Murphy to L. Nolan, lot
on r; line of Fl.bert street, 149:2 S of West
Eighteenth, > 37:6, E 125, N 37:6. W 125 to oe
ginriinii, be.ngloi 28 and «outn y* of lot 29 bock
694, t-street Tract, Oakland: $1.
Maggie Bettenrourt to .\ una V. Ccrdoza, lot on
N line of Thirty-fifth street, 241 E of Grove, N
120:3, X 8.35. S to a point ti.7l from point of be
ginning, th- nee X 6.71 to twiclnnlnr, being port
let 8, b.ocK It. map of property central Land Com
pany, formerly the Brown Tract, Oakland; gift.
Jose B. and Anna V. Cardozato Maggie Betten
court, ot on X line of Tnlrty-n'f.h street, 26s:9 i. of
1i.0v., n 120:1, i. 35, -> 120:1, W 6.71 to begin
nlug, bei-ig por.lon oi lot 8. block B, map of prop
erty of Central Land Company formerly Boston
Tract. uaKland; gilt.
James A. Webster to Gertrude L. Condy, lots 82
| and 83,' map of property of Capital Homestead
Association, quite.aim deed, East Oakland; 50.
John C. T. and < !»ra RuihnlCiC to Home
stead Loan Association of Berkeley, lot
on N line of Charming way.4B W ofiKourth street,
W 50 by X 100. beln« lot 15. block 128, Raymond
Tract Berkeley; $10.
Charles Klingruan (by Tax Collector) to J. G.
Klumpke, lot 7, block 5, state university Home
s-ead Association .No 3, Berkeley: $1.
Charles and Mary Willmott, Johanna and Ste
phen Petschauer and A. J. Ross to Ricnard Kins
man anil John J. Pearce, lot on W line of Brown
street, 156:6 N of Manp.sa, N 50 by W 107, being
lot 40 auJ ►•onion of lot 3-', corrected map of re
sub'tivMlon of bock A, Brumaglm Tract. Oakland
Township: $10.
i nurlt's He ilerson and Anna M. and Robert Pi
gott (by Sheriff) to G. K. and H. N. Gray, lot on N
line of Blake street, 92.23 W of Grove avenue, W
50 by .N 130, being lot 9, block E, crvstai Spring
Tract, Berkeley: also lot on c line of Hannah or
11 u Chard street. 287:6 X of B, N 37:6 by X \.A,
being subdivision A or lot 4 and X half of subdivi
sion Dot lot 3, block 798, Watts Tract Oakland:
V2S9.
W. H. Coruell to R. M. Brown, re-record 605 d.
438. lot on s line of Saratoga ay- nve, 200 \V of
Oichard street. W 40 by S 132:6. being lot 2, block
B, arueu map of Moss Tract, subject to a mort
gage for $150. Brooklyn Township; $10.
Jemima Marriott to Adele Marriott, lot on N line
of C Inton avenue, 300 W of Oak street, W 50 by
N 150, beinc lot 3 in E halt of block P. lands
adjacent to Enclnal, Alameda; $10.
Charles N. Fox (trustee for Maria Eva Hoy and
Maria i-. McLaln) to Jenkin Morgan, lot on \V
line of Buy street, 150 S of Railroad avenue, 8 50,
W 150.36. .n 50 to a point distant 160 « from
8 line of Railroad avenue, thence E 151.37 to be-
Kinn ng. being lot 81, Enciual Park Tract, Ala
meda; $220
Horace W. Carpentler to George Levision, lot
beginning at a point In the Encinal line ho called,
when Hue Is also the N boundary Una tract of
land called tract A in deed in partition m»de by
Joseph K. Irving et at, Aueust 15, 55 distant
628 13 W from BTK corner raid tract A, and also
distant 617.04 W from a line in the middle
IV rait a street, thence B 789.76, X£ 182.03, thenoe
t> 789 76, NE 182.03, tnence N 70t.79 to begin
ning. Oakland, quitclaim deed; $5
Eugene A. and Sarah Jaujou to Edward D. Judd.
lot on N line of Lincoln aveiui'-, 350 E from NW
line of four-acre tract survey, sE 50, XX 130, NW
60, S\V to beginning, Alameda, quitclaim deed;
$10.
William and Mary Burge to sam«, same, Ala
meda: $10.
Thomas W. Moore to Elizabeth Moore, lot on 8
line of railroad avenue, 199:3 Eof Second ave
nue, V- 199:3 by S 300, beln« lot 2, lands of Teu
toniaPar* and Homestead Association, Alameda,
quitclaim deed: gift.
Mary A Bowles to Nils Gil berg. lot on E line of
Chestnut street, 135 S of Tenth, S 80 by E 100,
block 645, Oakland: $10. i , ■ -
David and Alice O. Silverstlne to Miltou Shirek,
lot on %V line of Market street, 84:. 8,4 S of
Twenty-first, H 50 by \S 126, Doing lots 4 and 5.
Wall Tract, Oakland; $10
Edward K. Elrod to Martha E. Elrod, lot on N
line of May avenue, 10U i- of Bonita avenue. E 60
Dy X 100. being lot 5, block A, Terminal Tract.
Piedmont. Oakland Township: gift.
Christina and Edwin C. Barclay to John F.
Noble, lot on X line of McGee avenue, 136 N of
Bristol street, N4sby E 10 being portion of lots
V, V and W in range 8, Hardy Tract, Berkeley:
$10. ' '■':■ '■ !
K. C. Jones and C. O. Johnson (trustees for
Samuel a. and Olive L. E. to C. S.
Wright, all Interest in lot on s line of :-anta Clar%
avenue, 60 E from division line between Chip
man ■H. 111-acre tract aid Augbinbau^h 223^crs
trart, also diitaut 317 E from East Ninth street.
X 44:10 by S 125. Alameda: *2462.
Builders' Contrac!!.
Alice B. Sullivan with Mabony Brothers, altera
tions and additious to brick uuiMing on SE corner
of Grant avenue aid Sutlers $10,175; E. P.
Swalu, architect.
Alice P. Sullivan with Allen & Tooney, water
pipes, plumbing and gasflittng in same, $1975;
same architect.
HOTEL AEEIVALS.
COSMOPOLITAN HOTEL.
Mrs Rivers. B.in Jose T Kelly, Martinez
C H -N'iles, Whealland J Liacon, Fresno
Miss A Swain, Heaver Mrs D fcwain. Fresno
Dr Leonard. Mt-rced H W Lane, Carson
J Parter, Carson T Baronnnr. Sta Barbara
(.' W sniead » w, Fresno F B McCord, Hantord
C Hank, santatruz J \V Westlake, Portland
F Wilkins. Arizona Miss X O'Donnell, trelnd
Mi<B U McUr.y, Ireland P Flannlgun, Ireland
J i Barron £w, Sn Jos* J Pbency, Portland
J Blake, Fresno C S .\tun. Merced
X L .lames. Portland Mrs J Fernell&c. Portlnd
P T Casior, Portland R P Caller, Portland
J R Everelte, Por: and O T FergUbon, Portland
Mrs M Blanton, ChicaKO
PALACE HOTEL.
W P Harrington, Colusa J W Stoat, N V
8 smith. Cleveland Kyduev Long, Chicago
M Kabn. IMiiiadnl; hia \V • ireen. KneiaMrt
F A Ueitz. Kvansville MUs Keitz, )• v.h svilie
Ml«s W Heltz. Evai.svl X P Bicker. Maine
Dr Wedsjewood, Maine C B Cook. Maine
Mr- J H Covode. > V H W Walie, Boston
Mrs J It Simpson, Kruno I Home. Kdin burgh
C W .Voorr, Boise City J: Z Jonnaon. Boi>e City
A Hill. Keswick II J Winslow Keswtck
Mrs A Hil . Keswtck c Uoih, Cli c nnan
W 11 >ear^i, N V M c Morman. -\ V
Bernard Kaiz, N J Arthur Katz N J
A \V Brown. N V J C Hutrsoii. N V
J 'J Kifhards. S Barbara C > Older, Los Angelet
uH j airlson, Mexico Mrs C « Older. Los A
H Laidi* y, Los i ngeles J B Peakes, Santa Crue
T R Man nine <fe w. Los AW A Bon den, San Jose
H Q Stevenson, Menlo P X Fof.e, Minnesota
H H Pitcher. L.vrrmore J H limry, San Jose
X Uomhelmer, NY O P Jenkins, Btaoford
GRAND HOTEL.
0 LnlKO, Sulsun G Jones, San Jose
Dr T Flint &w.S»nJuan M Kabii. Petaluma
H P Nve San Dieeo A A Smith, Fresno
Mary Mackl.n. Fort.mtb « S Woodman, £alem
F A losh. Ha, ramenio M M Mason OakUnd
J M Jackson, -an Jose I O Mack, Portland
E X Armstrong. Seattle Sirs Armstrong * f^" 1 i
H WI li»m!i & w, Seattle Master Williams, Seattle
Mis* Wil ia...s, Seattle B BarnHr London
nil rye, Denver M iss Ih. b rye, DC
Mrs J Clillh, LoweU AJ « a!sh. Orovine
X Perm-li, Chico WI» 'lilletson. Redding
F Cutting, Stockton M Posener, Santa Ana
J A Alkius, Chicago Miss i vaC Atkins. 11l
C W Benn tt, 5 » -N' Miss M B Ryan. Portld
J J . r..y. Tucson Mrs Mil er. Truckee
G A Nlheil, Nev City G A Legg, F £» l , lv , « nrt
1 A Hook. A w, San Jose F M Campbell. Oakland
H Hobson A w, San Jose J B Keller, i hlsago
W A Chapman. Cal F P Black. San Jose
Dr C Hablat>e!,>an Jose F J iiuson, Newcastle
G .Morren, Sacramento T Bohan, Sacramento
A H Bar, Callahaus 8 X Mo. Hoi ister
C A Whitmor.-. Portland J S Williams, P-rt.ana
W A Butierlie.U, Pcrtld A F Harrison <fe w. tal
E Barnes, st nforU J Hiiuksiod, Mo-teroy
J A Cunningham, Sacto W Bruce, Chicago
RUSS HOUSE.
D S Newell, Humboldi, I M Holmes, San Jose
H H l>a .iel, La <; Williams, Edenvale
O M Brown, Denver M Gliebe. Kdenvala
DE Mastcrsou. Red Biff J West, La
W 8 Stewart. Nevada C H Knapp, Santa Fosa
W L Robertson. Madera T W oore. Pacific Grve
.1 a .brown, Detroit L F Pitt & w. Cruz
A Sniiui. i.riJltv 11 C.ay A w, Modesto
F M Mcijettii-nn. Vallejo J I B ackburn, Reuo
I. a RlcliMTts, ray sou .^ M Ward, Keuo
> II Lock. Seattle W J Hotchkiss. « al
I) Driscoll. Pananiint J X Williams, Stockton
A Moore. Pescadero J H Thomas, Kio Vista
Miss Hoff, JVs ade.o A Xi ben, Rio Vista
11 Coir, Si Paul F R Knapp. .Nevada
F II U'Farreii. Prela J -weeney, Walnut Creek
A King. Walsonvllle A Hiysjins, Walnut Creek
F E Mills, »l i-ouls H H Johnston, La
B Finning, Fort Hill C O Clark, hlskiyou
D A Kuss^H. lowa Hill Miss S Eacker, Cal
J Williams, Bunker Hill A W Kewen, Paso Robles
Mrs core. Si.n Jose L M Littie & w, Cal
R c sargent, Stockton E C Gaibrlth. San Jose
•Mr Hawlln <fe w. Stocktn F X O'Farrell. Cal
William Pris *w, Cal J F t-tewart, Crows Ldg
H Todd, Oakland G W lJammler, Oregon
V. W Martin, San Rafael Miss B B iJryer, N V
A Higgins, San Jose i. iss E Bryer, N V
BALDWIN HOTEL.
P Elliott. Fargo J F Hall, New York
B P Barker, Li verm ore A Balza, Mkh
J Hen os. Mich B A Seaberg, Los Ang
I B Plont, Cincinnati S cohn, Los Angeles
G Mackln osb&w.Stanfd Miss Mackintosh, Stanfd
S C Hallen. Carson Mrs Koyston, Patterson
Mis F Smith. Sacto F Frankemhal. N V
F Quckenbuck, N 4 J A Parsons. Belvedere
E Moure & w, Colo II C Black. Daytoa
J S .Mai oci:: & w. Cal N Ouhsater it w, Cal
T S Tavlor <s w,S Rafael G X Cushlng Jr, N H
W 3 Lockwood, NY W N Fetchmer, Chicago
II Hadiu, F;es"O F A \Vcrics,Pacific Grove
J B Skinner. Chicago J T Smith, Greenwood
J It Norton, Greenwood D ti Johnson, Chicago
P Hlchock, Buffalo ->irs C W 1- vans, StLouls
W Pigcurn, retroit B Malhy, M V
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
T J Walker, Lathrop M V V« cle, California
M(i Volego, Stockton T Rourke, Wisconsin
W Rozeln, Sacto G H Mathews, Portland
C H Roosbacle, Portland J King, -acto
P Du«an. sacto P J Mogau. Petalnma
H B Too'e , ml & eh, Or Miss Allison, Oregon
-Miss Wallace, Oregon C Henderson, \Vaahlngt
W W Thomas, Washing B L Fish. Alameda
J W 1-llswortn. Cal Q Erwin. Vancouver
C J Peck. Cal O Fairchlld, Fresno
D Walsh, Cal F Albright, Sac to
J Mullaney, Ogden, Miss S Welch, Wyoming
J Franks, 1 ak.aud J K-nny, Salt Lake
M P Hall, Wyoming M Latimer, Green River
tILA> SI hAJii-l>\
Dates of Departure J-roni San Franciaeo.
MEAMEKS TO AKKIVE.
BUN, MOO* AND TIDK. I
Cnttfd ptatks coast and GEODFTIC BrrBVBT-
Times and Heights of Hioh and Low
Waters at lokt Point, Kntbanck to
t-AN Francisco Bay. I'ibi-ished by Offi
cial Authority or th* SUFKBISIK-NDSXI.
Note— high and low waters occur at the
City Front (Mission-street Wharf) about twenty
five minute* later than at Fort i'olnt: tue height
of tide is th" sump a' both places.
February — 1897.
Motk— Tn the abore exposition of the tides ths
early niornlng tides are given in the left hand
column, and the successive tide* of the day in th«
order of occurrence ai to time. The second tim«
column rives the second tide of the day, the third
time column the third tide, and tho last or right
band column gives the last tide of the day, except
when there are bnt three tides, as BOmetlmaj
tccun. The heights given are additions to tha
soundings on the United States Coast burvey
charts, except when a minus sign ( — ) precedes th«
height, and then the number given la subtract! v#
from the depth given by the charts.
NOTH'S TO MARINERS.
A branch of the United States Hydrographta
Office located In tha Merchant-*" Exchange la
maintained in San Francisco for the b«neat of
mariners without regard to nationality a. id free of
expense.
Navigators are cordially Invited to Ylili the
office, where complete sets of charts and salllau
directions of the world are kept on hani tor com
parison and reference, and the latest information
can always be obtained regarding lights, danger*
to navigation and all matters of Interest to ocean
commerce.
The time ball on top of the building on Tele
graph Hill Is hoisted abont ten minutes before
noon, and is dropped at noon. 120 th meridian, by
telegraphic signal received each day trom the
United States Naval Observatory a. Mare Island.
Cal.
A notice stating whether the tlma ball was
dropped on time, or giving the error, if any. is
published the same day uy the afternoon paper*
and by the morning papers the following -tar.
W. is. Bushes.
Lieutenant. U. S. N.. In charge.
The Xlino Ball.
*»AJ»CH FVMWMtRAPHin OFFfOie. TT. % »
MERCHANTS' KICHAXSB J-
Ban Fbancisco. February 18. 1897. )
The time ball on Teiegrana Hui »«i (lrooosl
exactly at noon 10-day— L c.. at, noon of the 12JH
laendUu. wr •iactly m. » tr. v.. Greenwich time.
W. s. iIUUUKS,
Lieatenant U. S. N.. in charge.
SUll'l'lAy lMtLLliix-NtJE.
Arrive I.
THURSDAY. February 18.
Stmr Alcairaz, Carlson. 44 hours from Port Los
Angel-s: ballast, to L t. White Lumber Co.
simr Point Arena. Johnson, 16 hoars from
Mendoclao ana way ports; ijass and mdse, to Men
doclno Lumber Co.
Stmr Gipsy. Iceland. 19 hour* Moss Landing,
etc: produce, 10 Uoodall. Perkins A Co.
stmr Alcazar, Gunderson, 48 hours from
Newport; t) B Ibsu to L X White Lumber Co.
Br stmr China, Seabury, — days — hours
from Hongkong via Yokohama is days 18
hours; puss and mdse, to I' M S S Co.
Twilight, Topfer M days from NavMad
Boy. 643 primav logs, 8 cedar logs, to Dleclc
man <& Co.
Bchr >ietue Low. Low, 5 hours trom Poiai
tfeyea: 50 ozs butter, to J H Newbauer & Co.
«. .enre'l
THURSDAY. February 18.
Haw stmr Helene, Lecicley, Honolulu- J D
Spreckeis & Bros Co. . -.:'v
stmr Coos Hay, Hall, San Pedro; Uoorlall, Per
kins «S Co.
bchr JSorma, Larsen, Tahiti: Wilkiu6 & Co.
Mli)-.1.
THURSDAY. February 18.
Btmr Noyo, Levir.son. Fort Bragg. '
Hark Gatherer, Slater, Tacoma. ' *
Schr Parkersburg, Jorge Coqullle Hirer.
Telegranhla.
POT NTT LOB^S. Feb. 18 -I ) « ic-Weata»r
Cloudy; wind W: velocity 36 mile*.
Charter*
The Brshlp British eon an loads lumber at
Chemalnua for United Kingdom.
>. >pnkwi. : - i •
Feb I— Lat 2 N. long 30 W. Br ship Dynomene, \
hence Oct 8, for Queensiown.
Feb 6— Lbt 45 N, long 10 W. Br ship Celtic Mon
arch, from Liverpool, tor San Francisco.
JNovB-Lat 1 N, long US W, BrsUip Armida,
hence Oct 15, for Queenstown.
L>om««tio or-«.
CLALLAM BAY— Sailed Feb 18— Bark Fresno,
for Sa . Francisco. l_
san DlEGO— Arrived Feb 18— Schr Halcyon,
from Seattle.
1-ORT HAD LOCK- 8all«d Feb 17— Schr Llllie
bonne, for san Francisco. .
USAL— Saileu Feb la— Stmr Newsboy, for San
'foCKPORT-Arrived Feb 18— stmr Scotia, hce
Feb 15
UMPQUA— SaiIed Feb 18— Schr Louise, for
San Pedro: schr -adie, for san Francisco: schr
Lv y. for Knaiipton.
YAQUINA BAY— sailed Feb 18-Stmrs Faral
lon and -south <. oast, for San Francisco.
ASTORIA— Arrived Feb 18— Brship Re. lance,
from Liverpool.
Sailed Feb 18— Br baric Heathfield, for Queen*.
town; Brship Abtrystwlth Castle, for Queens
°POßT GAMBLE— Sailed Feb 18-Schr Comet,
PORT GAMBLE— Sailed Feb 18— Schr Comet,
for San Pedro.
EUREKA— Arrived Feb IS-^chr John A. hce
teb 11: stmr Corona, hence Feb 17: »chr Sparrow,
hence Feu 11: stmr Alice Blanchard, from Coos
.Hay. .
balled Frb 18— Schr Helen N Kirn ball, for Baa
Francisco.
GRAYS HARBOR— Saliel Feb 17— St-nr Pel
Norte, lor San Francisco. Feb 18 »chr Elvenla,
for miii Francisco; schr San Buenaventura, for Ke-
ROCKPORT— SaiIed Feb 18— -stair Scotia, for
Eureka.
Foreign Ports.
MAZATLAN— SaiIed Feb 17— Stmr Acapulco,
for San Francisco.
CALCUTTA— Sailed Feb 17— Br ship Annie
Maud, for san Francisco.
UKKALD lON— Arrived pievlous to Jan 10— Br
bark Jessie Osborne, from Chemamus.
CAPE OWN — a rr:veU Jan IB— Br ship Cocker
mouth, hence Nov m.
DAK AR— Arrived Jan 19— Nor bark Elsie, from
Taconi i.
NEWCASTLE. NSW— Arrived Fab 12— Ship
Reaper, to load for Honolulu.
QUKENsTOWN — Arrive Feb 17— Brship City
of Benares, hence Not 2: Br ship Lord Cairn*,
hence Oci 10, ana sailed for Swansea.
SI LLOTH— Arrived Feb 17— Br bark Sussex, fm
Orecon.
HONGKONG— SaiIed Feb 17— Br stmr Empress
of India, for Vancouver. ; ,
KI-NSALK— Passed Feb 17— Dan birlc Tercera,
from Victoria, for Liverpoo' ; Br baric Astoria, frru
Oregon, for Que«nsiown; Kr bars Gulf Stream, lm
Oregon, for Queensiown : Br ship Eiiisland, hence
Sept -7. for Vlueenstown.
Movements of Trans- Atlantic Stnnmer*.
NEW VOKK— Arrived Feb 18-Stm -outhwark,
from Antwerp; stmr Patria. from Hamburg.
—sailed Feb 18— Stmr Pennsylvania, for Ham
burg.
GENOA— Sailed Feb 18— Stmr Werra, for New
York.
SOUTHAMPTON— SaiIed Feb 18-Stmr Trave,
for New Yor«.
QUEENSTOWN— SaiIed Feb 18-Stmr Britan
nic, f <r New York.
LONDON— Arrived out Feb 18— Stmr Massa
chusetts. -■••■•.
ROTTERDAM- Arrived out Feb 18-Stmr
\Verkendam.
Importation*.
MONTEREY-Per Gipsy-SO empties, 1 bll
wall paper, 2 sits fresh Usti.
Moss Landing— B pkgs household good?, 1 Japan
ese screen, 1 cs eggs.
Santa Cruz— 5 bxs batter, 1 cseggs, 2 bxs fish,
38 i <h>-^sp. 600 bbls lime.
MENDOCINO-Per Point Arena— l cs eggs. 180
M ft lumber
Point Arena— 28% bxs butter. 6 pkgs mdse, 15
I bxs nsh, 4 eggs, i cood chickens.
Con»l»'icm.
I-er Gipsy— Standard Oil Co ; Ca! Bottlln? Co ; A
W F.nk : W P Fuller & Co; Norton, Teller & Co:
Moore. Ferguson it Co; American Union Fish Co:
Dairymen's Union; Dodge. Sweeney & Co; Lester
* Lituehlln: Hills Bros: H Cowell Co; Moore,
Hunt ik Co: MUllavacca Wine Co.
her Point Are'ia— <: X Whitney A Oa: Dennison
<t Wilson; Rohlffs&Gerdau; Norton, Teller it Co:
American Union Fish Co: Martin, Feusier&Co: .1
S Mat hews: Ross <fc Hewlett; G CamlllonlA Co:
F B HaiKht: \V Mauuel.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Plane COAST_STEAMSHIP CO.
STEAMERS LEAVE BROADWAY >hSBU
wharf, San Francisco, as follows: ■&*&)»
For Mary Island, 1 oring, \V range!. Juneau, K!!-
-llsnoo and Sltka (Alaska), at 9 a. \r., Feb. 10, 23.
For Victoria and Vancouver (B. C), Port Town-
send. Seattle, Tacoma. Everett, Anacorles and
New W: aicom (Beilingham Bay, Wash.), 9a. v.
Feb. 4, 10, 15, 20, 26, and every fifth day there-
after, connecting at Vancouver with the C. P. R.
8., at Ta'.-oma with N. P. K. ft., at Seattle with U.
N. Ky., at Port Townsend with Alaska steamers.
For Kureka, Area- a and Fields Landing (Hum-
{ bold Bay), str. Pomona U p. it., Feb. 1. 5,9, 13,
I 17. 21. 25, and every fourth day thereafter.
For santa Cms. Monterey, Ban Simeon, Cayuco\
Port Harford (San 1 ills Oblspo), Gavlota, Santa
Barbara, Ventura, Hueneme, san Pedro, East San
Pedro (Los Angeles) and Newport, at 9 a. U.
Feb. 3. 7, 11, 15, 19, 23, 27, and every fourta
day thereafter.
For san Diego, stopping only at Port Harrorl
(San Luis Oblspo), *anta Barbara, Port Los An-
reles. Redondo (Los Angeles) and Newport. 11
a.m. Feb. 1,5. 9, 13, 17, aL 25, and every fourth:
day thpresfter.
For Ensenada, San Jose del Cabo. Mazatlan, L%
Paz and Guaymas (Mexico), steamer Orizaba, 10
a. M. 25th of each month.
'1 he Company reserves the ripht to change with-
out previous notice steamers, sailing dates and
hours of sailing. Ticket office— Palace Hotel, 4
New Montgomery street.
OOODALL, PERKINS & CO., Gen'l Agents.
10 Market st., San Francisca
THEO.R.&N. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STKAAIERS TO
POR.TLAKT I>
From Hpear-street Wharf, at 10 a. m.
FA PIT/* l3 irst-class 1 Including
-C -^- -I-*- \ »« Second-class /berth & meals
SCHEDULE OF SAILINGS:
George W. Elder Feb. 12, 2a
State of California Feb. 7. 17, 27
Through tickets and through baggage to all
Eastern poliiM. Rates and folders upon applica-
tion to
F. F. CONNOR. General Asent.
630 Market street.
OOODALL. PERKINS* CO.. Superintendent!
©■BBMMBiI AUSTRALIA ttr
IbSRiC h ° N °Lv L c oni^
•■,"*■■■• Tuesday. Kebruar.- 1 4 S.
H 'J, £ at 2p. it Special partr
«x/ — i/N rates -
J^rMm^hinJ ' lue "■ 8. A LAM KDA
G)lUll!|jlllt' galls via HONOLULU
. /OfflFffiDm aQd AUCKLAND fof
\yilf;UlU!p SYDNEY. Thursday,
M arch 4, at 2 p. m.
Line to COOLQ ARDIK, Anst.,and CAPETOWN.
Eouth Africa.
J. 1». SPRECKKL3 & BROS. CO.. A«ents.
114 Montgomery street.
Fre'ght Office. 327 Markei st. <»'i Kr»n.-i»o.v
COfIPAGIIE GENERAL TR.WSATLATTIQOa
! French Line to Havre.
COMPANY'S PIKR(NEW),42 NORTH y^r.
V,' Klver, loot of Morton st. Travelers by ■^'•S3!;
this line avoid both transit by English railway anl
the discomfort of crossing the channel in a smalt
boat. .\e* York to Alexandria. Egypt, via I'aru
first class $160. secODd class *116. • »
LA BOURGOGNE Feb. 20. sa, v. L.
£a CHAMPAGNE Feb. 27. 3:30 a. -*.W
LAGASCOONK March 6. 6a h.
LA BRETAGNK March 13. Ba. w.
LA NORMANDIE Mar h '.a sa. IC
$£jT Jt'or lurlher particulars apply to
A. FORGET, Agent.
No. 3. Bowl Green. New Yorfe.
J. F. FTJGAZI & CO., Agents, 6 Montgomery
avkuue, San Fiancia o.
mm ma Lim
United States and Royal Hall Steamer)
nnun
New York, Queenstown & Liverpool,
SAILi>U EVEltt >> KKli.
CABIN, $50 AND UPWARD. ACCORD- nij*
Ing to steamer and accommodations iBmSSt
selected : second cabin, 9 1"2 50 and XI ! 50 : Majni -m
and Teutonic Steerage Tickets from England, I?«.
land, Scotland, Sweden, Norway and Denmark
through to San Francisco at lowest rates. Tickets,
Milling dates and cabin plans may be procured
from W. H. AVER V, Pacific Mall Dock, or at la*
General Office of the Company, tf 13 Market stream
under Uimail HoteL G.W.FLETCHER.
General Agent lor Pacific CoatL
STOCKTON STEAMERS
Leave Pier No. 3, Washington St,
At U P. 31. Daily. ricighi received ut»
to ,:.M I*. M.
gS~ Accommodations Reserved by Telephone
The only lint- sc.linx through tickets aud giving
through freight rates to all polns oa Valley
Railroad.
STKAMKRs:
T. C. Walker. J. D. Peters,
Mary Uarratt, City of Stockton.
Telephone Main 805. Cat. Nay. and lmpu Ca
FOR VALLEJO ASD U. S. HAVY-YARD.
STEAMER "MONTICEUO."
Dally ex. Saturday & Sun.. 10:30 a. m. and 4 m «i.
Saturdays....- "10:30 a. ii., -l P X
Sundays 8 r! 21,
Landing Misslon-stree'. DopY:, pp er • ' TT
Telephone Biaclc 261.
♦Trip civs B hour* i;ouu Navy-Yard.
FOR SMJOSE, 1.0 GATOS& SAmCRUZ
CTiSAMEK ALVISO LKAVEs PIER i \, -,v-
-0 uay. Wednesday, frlday, a? lo *t v a v
'luesdav. Thursday. Saturday, at 3 p V* /' '!J
and Passenger. Fare between San * ; r^. FFretl * tI J
Alviso, 600; to Ban Jose. 75c. cuJ^'S.?' 11 ,?OFFICIALS WHO
BROKE PROMISES
Denounced From the Church
Platform by Dr.
Ccyle.
Saigon • Closing Will Ec the
Great Issue in the Com
ing Election.
Coyne men Who Gavo Pledges Are
Sa:d to Have Faihd lo Keep
Th?m
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,)
90S Broadway, Feb. IS. J
The action of the City Council of last
night, in voting down the proposition to
submit the Sunday-closing question to the
people may have a marked effect on the
earning election.
'\ For two years the advocates of Sunday
closing, which movement originated be
fore Rev. Dr. Ilader went to San Fran
cisco," have been making an earnest fight
gain their desired end. Two years ago
tjhey claimed a majority of votes in the
Council in favor of their proposition, but
jrbwi me matter came to a vote a techni
cality arose of which advantage was taken
ty arose of which advantage was taken
L'.-.J the matter was forgotten after the
election.
A few. weeks ago* the matter was pre
sented to the Council by means of a peti
tion asking that the question be sub
rnuted to the people at the coming elec
tion, and the Christian Endeavorers and
allied bodies received encouragement
■sufficient to justify them in believing that
'.i lie question of Sunday closing will be on
tire ballot.
■ •.Last night, however, two of the men,
M<s-srs. Manuel and Mott, on wi om they
depended, and who go out of office next
month, voted against the Sunday-closing
question and it was lost, and only the
•question of totally closing the saloons will
go before the people.
As soon as the result was known the
vote was announced at the Munhall re
vival meeting at the First Presbyterian
Church, and when Dr. Coyle made the
announcement he denounced the Council-
Ecn. in forcible language. He «aid they
had pledged themselves to individuals to
submit the question to the people, and
had histrucied the City Attorney to pre
pare the election proclamation submit ing
ihe question, &nd had backed down at trie
.last moment.
Dr. Co. Ie declared that the result was
due to a feeling that the citizens would
..vote overwhelmingly to close all saloons
gn Sunday, and that by submitt.ng the
prohibition clause instead, many people
• would refuse to vote for it thai would
1 have favored Sunday closing.
The pastor called on all present to place
themselves on record as displeased with
the action of the Counc.l and at the same
rue to pledge themselves to do all in
their power to carry the prohibition pro
vision. J
• At the close of the meeting almost every
individual in the church arose and ap
pJauded. Dr. Coyle will speak on the sub
ject next Monday morning and other
clergymen will also take up the campaign,
1 wnicn will be continued without cessation
until the election.
The Christian Endeavorers have an
nou.cel their intention of v hiding their
allegiance to a man who will favor their
views on Sunday closing end many of
: tii em have stated that they will desert the
men who sustained the Council men who
opposed them and will support Rev.
Mr. Goodenou.h for Mayor.
=====
, , Death of .i Pioneer.
• BERKELEY, Cal., Feb. 18.— Charles T.
•11. Pa is., r, on- 01 iiie b?st known citizens
and" bus.iifss men ol Bsrk< ley, died at his
home vii Bancroft, way this morning of
bheiT old a_e and exhaustion. He was a
pioneer ot 1849, having come to the State
by way of the Straits of Magellan in the
days of the gold fever. For a few years
he miued ill the northern counties, after
which he entered the business of a mer
chant .Later he became a street contractor,
•and fur the Dast thirty years of his life
was- president of the Oakland Paving
• Company. His mercantile interests were
spread all over the State.
He was a resident of Berkeley for twenty
years.' The funeral will take place from
the family residence next Sunday morn
ing*
• — — •
51 rs. Dunham Seriously 111.
• OAKLAND, Cai.., Feu. 18. — Mrs. B. F.
Dunham, :i well-known society leader, is
Seriously li. at her home, on Alice and
■ jjui'ant streets, < i cancer of the stomach,
arid-it is not expected sue will live many
hour*. Slje lias been ill for some time
and an operation wa3 recently per
formed, but with no beneficial re.-ult.
Mrs. Dunham is a prominent member
of tt:e L'uitarian Church and Her busban '.
■isthe .<-e.nior member of a San F.ancisco
firm — Dunham, Carrigan & Haydeu. Her
t-hree daughters — M;try, Florence and
Ruth — are prominent iv local society.
Spent SSOO to Recover a Dime.
• .OAKLAND, Cal., Feb. 18.— For over a
year. the families of George Ignacio and
i.. j. de iSequeira, two wealthy farmers,
fc-vve engaged in a legal battle. The
•% ■ >le trouble arose over some trespass
.jf^i' cattle and could have been settled for
$~ 50, but the farmers pre;erred to tight.
The trial in the Superior Court occupied
severnl uays and Judge Ellsworth finally
found that the plaintiff, ignacio, liad been
damaged to the extent of 10 cents, fcix
•attorneys were employed in the case from
starf to finish and the costs will not be less
than $500.
f-hlpme Should Not Use Their Months.
OAKLAND, Cal., Feb. 18.,— Health Of
ficer Bradley has called the attention of
the Boarci of Health to the matter of Chi
nese washermen spraying clothes with
ttieir mouths. Dr. Bradley hays ihe cus
tom should be prohibited, as v is a very
dun.gerou3 one, but he acknowledges thut
It would be a difficult matter to insure the
cmrying out of a prohibitory ordinance
unless eyery poiice officer were an ia
Bpec'tpr.
Young Woman's Home Prosperous.
OAKLAND, Cal., Feb. 18.— At the an
nual meeting of the Young Women's
Cnristian Association President Mrs. P.
B. Browne presented a very favorable re
. l>or-t. The association manages and owns
a home for young women, which is greatly
. patronized. The report shows a good
talariee on hand and the institution is in
a' moat flourisning condition.
Big Mortgage on Corral Hollow.
OAKLAND, Cal.. rob. 18.— A mort;a?e
v.'ifs placed on record to-day from the San
Francisco and San Joaquin Coai Company
to the California bale Deposit and Trust
Company oi San Francisco lor $500,000.
Ik i? to secure an issue of 500 gold bonds
•-rth $1000 each, with interest at 6 per
<Jent. The property affected is all in Mur
ray Township, this* county.
J. K. Crooks Sued.
OAKLAND, Cal., Feb. 18.— A. Sydney
Jones has sued J. E. Crooks for $6750 for
alleged misrepresentation made regarding
v copartnership to purchase a wharf,
iuro-ber-yard and salt business from H. P.
Jeseon.
The Orator Nearly Acquitted.
OAKLAND, Cal., Feb. 18.— John Lon
ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
don, the young man arrested for violating
the city orJinance prohibitine public meet
ings on the street without a permit, will
have to be tried again. This morning he
ma.ic an adiirt'ss to the jury, w:,ich con
vinced all but on« that he was innocent,
and, as they disagreed, he will have a sec
ond trial next week.
Good Price for a Liquor Business.
OAKLAND, Cal., Feb. 18.— The whole
sale liquor business conducted by Watson
it O'Brien was sold to-'iny so that the es
tate of tie late John O'Brien con d r>e set
tied. The bidding started at $30,000 and
wns finally bought by Watson & Co., for
$52,925.
A MOVE FOR A CHARTER.
Governor l'.urid's Veto Gives an Argu
ment in Favor of Calling Together
a Board of Freeholder*.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Feb. 18.— George F.
Weeks, editor of the Encinal, attacks the
veto of the bill by Governor Build allow
in- cities of the lifth class to deal with
tneir own affairs in tne matter of main
taining electric light works and selling
the product to private consumer?, and ap
peals to the citizens of this city to frame a
charter for adoption in 1899. He urees
action at once in the matter, in order thai
every step may be taken with considera
tion and the work not hurried. He then
adds:
Instead "of going along, year atter year,
under a general lew relating to cities of tne
filth class, it would be much better for this
city to avail Itself of the constitutional pro
vision relating to municipalities, and frame
and adopt * freeholders' charter for its own
government. In view of the Dosuibility of such
a thing and upon its own motion aud without
consultation with any of the gentlemen
named, the Encinsl suggests the following
named citizens and freeholders as competent
ana amply qualified in every respect to lormu
la;e a charter for this city. The names are a-i
follows: E. B. Mastick, F. \V. Van Sictlen,
Columbus Bartlett, J. B. Vosburg, R. J. Van
Voorhie*. T. G. Daniells, T. P. Tlsdale, F. J.
Fletter, Thomas A. Smith, Eicar A. Cohen,
Joseph A. Leonard, E. J. Blaiuiing, Henry Sev
emng, Hermann Corcles and B. Benedict.
Opening New Quarters.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Feb. 18.— The Adel
phia Club, in the Tucker building, will be
opened Saturday afternoon, it is being
handsomely decorated for tne occasion by
the ladies. Tea will be served during the
afternoon while the following programme
is being rendered:
"Grillen" (Schumann). Mrs. Katherine Neil
son; opening rem»rks, Mr-. Severance; vocal
selection (To;ti), Miss Josephine ratierion;
paper on the confederation of clubs, Miss A.
w. Cole; vocal selection, Mrs. Ada Allardyce;
'•The Hidden Soui of Harmony," original
paper by Mrs. Kollmyer; "Waldesranchen"
(Liszt), Miss Maud Cohen.
Postal-Card Balloting.
ALAMEDA, Cal , Feb. 18,— The result
of the postal primary is being watched
with considerable interest. The reply
cards are coming into the postoffice in
large numbers. They are placed in an
iron box with only an opening large
enough to admit the card. This will be
cut open next Tuesday evening in the
presence of all of the candidates and other
interested parties. No one knows what
tne result will ."-how, but a few orposed to
the plan are telling of their personal work
in placing imaginary names npon the
cards.
THE MINING SITUATION.
A Compromise K-aolied Whereby the
Assembly Bill Shall lie Amended
in Certain Detail*.
The published accounts of the meeting
of the Miners' Association, held Tuesday
evening in the Union League Club rooms,
do not convey with a clearness satisfactory
to tne members the real situation ts re
gards mining bills now before the Legis
lature. Exactly staled, the situation at
present is as follows:
Bills were introduced simultaneously by
Senator Prisk of Nevada, in the Senate,
and by Judge Soward of Sierra, in the
Assembly. The Soward . bill promptly
passed the Assembly and went to the
Senate. There it was referred to the
Finance Committee, where it still rests.
At the request of Senator Prisk the Sen
ate Committee on Mines ana Mining re
ported a substitute for his bill, which sub
stitute is now pending in the Senate, being
on the second-reading file.
Tic Senate Finance Committee desires
to report certain amendments to the As
sembly bill, while the advocates of the
Dill in the Assembly tear that the amend
ment of the bill in the Senate might jeop
ardize its approval by the Assembly upon
its return to that body.
At Tuesday night'? meeting a compro
mise was reached, whereby it wns agreed
that the Assembly bill should be amended
in certain matters of detail, provided the
two — ouses could be persuaded to pursue
that c ourse.
INDORSE THE ASSOCIATION.
Action of the Manufacturers and Pro
ducers Approved by the Molileri,
The following resolutions were adopted
by Ironmolders' Union No. 164 of this
City at its last meeting:
Whereas, The Manufacturers' and Pro
dtu-etV Association of this Lily has put itself
on record against convict labor in general,
and openly discussed and denounced this
great evil and menace* to free industry which
organized labor throughout the United States
has been persistently fighting lor years; and
whereas, mere seems to be come doubt in the
minds of many persons, notdlrectly concerned
In this matter, whether organized labor as a
whole desires to co-operate with the said
Manufacturers' Association in Us efforts to
restrict and us far as possible control prison
labor, through legislation now pending in
Congress and in our State Legislature; there
fore,
Rtiolvtd, By the L M. U. No. 164 that we
heartily endorse the action taken ana
the resolutions adopted by the Manu
facturers' Association at a meeting held
in Metropolitan Ilall in this City on
the (itli met,, as we believe the enact
ment of the bouthwick bill now before Con
gress and other bills directed Hgalnst the same
vicious system now belore the Legislature of
California will give great relief to our strug
gling nome industries and prove of mutual
benefit to all employes and employers on the
Pacific Const.
Resolved, That i:i the said action of the Man
ufacturers' Association above referred to we
think we sc-e the olive branch extended to
labor, and we hereb cheerfully reciprocate
the good feeiing shown, as we cannot under
stand why there should be any conflict be
tween labor snd capital engaged in the pro
duction of the comforts and necessaries of life.
At any rate, this ik a niatter for the succes? of
which we can well afford to be friends.
Resolved, Thai a copy of these resolutions,
properly ir.dorse'l, be sent, by the secretary of
thin union to the secretary ot* the Manufactur
ers'and Producers' Association.
Respectfully submitted by
Kichap.d Burnett,
Recording Iroumolders" Union
No, 104.
WOODMEN Of THE WOELD.
Head Consul Falkenburg'a First Visit
to a -an Francisco Camp.
Head Consul Falkenbur^ of tbe Wood
men of the World paid his first visit to a
Ban Francisco camp last evening. It was
to Redwood Camp that held an open
meeting i.i Social Hall in Foresters' build
ing, and the attendance of members and
friendb was large. He was cordially wel
comed, and delivered a short address on
woodcrait, and spoke in high terms of
California and the sixteen camps he has
already visited on his official tour. He
stated that the order is increasing at the
rnte oi 5000 members a month, and that
California is the banner jurisdiction. Alter
his address there was an overture by the
camp'i orchestra, recitation "The Blue
and the Gray" by G. W. Alexander, piano
solo b}' Fred Piiese, instrumental tnusic
by a Htrin • quartet, recitation ''Mrs.Bryde
Would a "Woodman Be" by H. O. Bmith, a
vocal soio by Arthur Roe, and then
dancing followed. The entertainment was
under the direction of H. C. Smith, past
consul of the camp. There were many
ladies present, and all had an enjoyable
time. This camp now has a membership
of 126.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 19, 1897.
A SCORCHING FOR
THE FACULTY
Berkeley Professors Criti
cized for Lack of
Interest.
Pointed Words in an Eiitorial
in the Current Occi
dent
Comparisons Between the Instructers
at Stanford and at the State
University.
BERKELEY, Cal., Feb. 18.— In a
scorching philippic the Occident, which
has for twenty-rive years been the official
or^an of tne student body at the State
University, assailed the faculty to-day on
the ground of its disinterestedness toward
the student body and its long-distance
policy as regards student affairs and stu
dent enterprises. It draws a line of com
parison between the Berkeley faculty and
the faculty at Stanford as regards the en
couragement of student activities a:id the
fostering of college spirit. The Glee Club-
Football Team baseball game, which was
played last Saturday, was taken as the
nucleus for the fusillade upon the faculty.
The following is what Editor James Hop
per has to say :
Such institutions as the annual baseball
game between the Glee Club and the football
team should be highly encouraged by tho
student body, it is such customs, s.*on haloed
with a hazo of tradition, which differentiate
one college froiii another, make up college
life. They draw ;ho students together in one
bond oi interest, give them one common
ground for reminiscences, pleßsan: memories,
do incalculable service in {ottering College
spirit.
It Is highly characteristic of Stanford Uni
versity that faculty anil students should unite
once a year in the baseball game between the
faculty ami the senior class. It is equally
characteristic ol California— and we deplore
the fact — that such a game is totally out of the
question; that the very though; of It is a pro
fanation.
The faculty as a whole — tnere are several
and grateful individual exceptions— sees it fit
to keep aloof from the sfudeut body, is ]><>>-
of intense dread oi losing dignity,
perches high up in a cloud of pomposity.
We deem this situation eminently regret
able. The professor is not now what he was
in the middle ages. He does not preach so-
VICE-PRESIDENT MRS. PAUL J. LOHSE, Who Is Actively
Working; for the Success of the Woman's Exchange.
norously from an inaccessible pedestal. The
modern' professor should be a friend of h:s
scholars, a co-worker possessed of greater
learning, experience, of more elevation, than
his pupils, but still v co-worker, directing the
efl'orts of youthful minds, suggesting, ming
ling with them in the fraternity of a common
aim.
To do this successfully a professor must bo
disinterested with no part oi coileg<" life, must
not keep aloof in a false sense of dignity.
Wo reieat it: Then are many Individual
numbers of the faculty who do mingle with
the students, and these are respeoted all the
more for it. But there is a decided tendency
for the faculty ns a body to withdraw fr< rri
the common gtudeut mob, to build around
Itself its own little Chinese wall ol mistaken
decorum. We deplore the fact, think it has
much to do with our avowed lack of college
spirit. The faculty could. If it wished it, do
much to unite the different component parts,
could and should be the keystone of the great
university arch.
It is not known how the faculty will
take this scoring, as the paper is fast
fresh from the press. It Is well known,
however, that to -ome of them the ques
tion of their spirit in fostering college en
thusiasm is a very tender point, and any
toucn upon it brings forth a proportion
ately greater response.
PIGHT-SEEES WILL 00ME.
Dan Stuart Writes Mr. Goodman That
Many Will Buy Regular Tickets.
The railway conductors of the National j
Association of Conductors, who have their
beadquartcs here, were yet in session
Wednesday at the Grand Hotel. It is the j
annual meeting of the conductors, and at '
such times if there are any grievance-! I
they are formally presented, to be talked
over and corrected, if possible. There ap
pear to be no grievances. This has been
the situation, as understood, since their
meeting.
Delegates are here from Ogden, Los j
Angeles. Sacramento, Wadsworth, Port
land, this City and other points. Gen
eral Passenger Agent Goodman says that
no communications from the conductors
have been received at this time. He com
mended the association as a useful organi- j
zation.
"Ihis is the occasion of the annual
meeting," he said. "As the association
is National in character it has many |
thousands of members. It is a good thing, I
because it gives a certain protection, has i
a system of insurance and is calculated if |
a man gets out of a job to help him to get
another. In this way it is considerable
advantage to the members."
About the tickets to the Nevada mill
and the other latest particulars relative to
it, he said :
"They nave not been put on sale yet, in
fact have not been issued, because there is
yet plenty of time to do it. We have
been holding off to see what Stuart is go
ing to do in regard to that tournament at
Carson, i bare received a letter from him
in which he said he thought he could let
me know by the 20th inst. I am receiv
ing letters from him every now and then
as something develops.
"He has written me that he thinks a
i pood many risiton to me right will come
, on to California, buying the regular ticket.
j This ticset from Chicago will cost $110 by
j tv.o routes thnt is to come on to Carson
from the East, and return by the South
ern P;ic:tic. To return by the Northern
I'iicilic wou'd cost $13 ">0 more.
"The reduced licnet irom Chicago to
; Carson will be rood for twenty days, and
by jaying $10 00 aad;tional each way ihe
holders can, if hey choo.-e, also visit Cal
ifornia. Tins ticket is good for twenty
days. The other is good for many
months."
TBOUBLES OF THE UNA.
Departed From Panama Without Clear
ance Papers and Incurred a Penalty.
The master of the American schooner
l"ua has had not a little trouble since
making his last trip to Panama. While
in that port, after getting his cargo, he
found that there was likely to be a delay
and more or less annoyance in getting hia
■ papers, so he waited ouly for , a favorable
breeze and sailed away without his papers.
When the schooner entered this port the
master was embarrassed by not having a
bill of heaith irom the foreign port or his
clearance papers. Under the circum
stances a conditional entry was made and
Collector Wise sent to Washington for
iurther instructions. The only real offense
to this Government was iv entering with
out a bill of healtn. While the maximum
fine is $5000, it is more likely that the Una
will be iet off with a $20 penalty. Should
tne vessel ever go back to the United
States of Colombia the fine for leaving
without clearance papers will no doubt
equal the value of the vessel.
A YEAR'S ACTIVE WORK.
The Woman's Exchange Circu
lates Thousands of Dollars
in a Practical Way.
Many Indies S?n the Roll and th«
Institution Takes On a N w
Lens.' ol Liie.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,)
DOB Broadway, Feb. 18. )
The Woman's Exchange of this city has
been dome a good work since its organiza
tion, about four years ago, and although
it has met with some reverses, it has been
the means of finding a sale for thousands
of dollars' worth of women's work, which
they could not otherwise, except under
great difficulty, have got before the pub
lic.
Mrs. Paul Lohse, vice-president of the
exchange, and her fellow-directors have
been so encouraged by recent additions to
the membership that they have decided
that the work shall continue, ana i>e more
vi orous and extensive in its operations
than previously.
'1 hey have decided to give a private the
atrical entertainment after Easter, and
there is no doubt tiiat with the social
patronage that would be extended to such
an effort the financial result would be
very marked.
The following ladies have added their
nanie^ to the membership roli: Mesdames
Oeorgo Reed, W. L. Oliver, William P.
tt liven, T. Dredge, \V. L. McPherson, &
A. Kleugel, \Vellea Whltmore, Charles E.
Snook, Mitcher, A. D. Wilder, Beth Mann,
IX R. Taylor, E. A. Stevenson, C. F. Cole,
William Given, M. K. Blake, W. F. Ru
dolDh, M. C. Noyes, Mac Mauvais, Robert
Watt, G. L. Nusbaumer, Brinckerhoff and
Agard.
The treasurer's report for the past year
gives a very clear idea of the value of the
institution. The total receipt from >ales
were $7050. Members gave In fees $112.
Frederick Warde'a lecture produced $146,
nnd the total receipts for the year were
$7490. Of this amount $6353 went to the
women whose work was sold. The rent
of their quarters is $250, and their super
intendent and bookkeeper for the year
cost but $468.
The must unique item in the report is
this: "Lost by burclar, $4." The total
disbursements were $7338, showing a bal
ance on hand of $153. The number of
ladies who consigned work to the ex
change was 146, which represents an
average receipt for each consignor of
about $45.
Joseph H. Dorety Answers Hyde.
OAKLAND, Cal., Feb. 18.— Josepn H.
Doroty, who was chairman of the
Veterans' mass-meeting held laat Fun
day, has issuel a statement in regard to
the communication of General 8. \V.
Backus and Marcus D. Hyde that ap
peared in to-day's Call. Therein he says
that the petitions for an amended bill
concerning the Veterans' Home at Yount
ville have been signed by members of
every Grand Army post in San Francisco
and Alameda counties. He also asserts
that Mr. Hyde never had a legal standing
in the G. A. K.
Mttahall to Wen.it*.
OAKLAND, Cai.., Feb. 18— Dr. Mun
hall, the evangelist, who :s now conduct
ing a revival at the First Presbyterian
Church, made some strong allusions to
night to Dr. Wendte's sermon of last Sun
day. The evangelist stated that he re
garded the Unitarian divine as having
personally insulted him and character
ized bis language as malicious falsnhood?.
He said that Dr. Wendte was not a Chris
tian pastor and his church was not a place
of worship, but yas merely a clubhouse.
TO ttKK A COLD IN ONE DAT.
Tike laxative Bromo Quinine Tablets. All drug
gibts refund the money If it fails to cure. 25c.
WORKING TO GET
THE STATE FAIR
Merchants Anxious to Prove
the Necessity of a
Change.
The New Racetrack Piaced at
Their Disposal Free
of Cost.
Willing to Undertake the Responsi
bility Witncu' Any Aid
From the State.
Oakland Office San Fbancisco Call,)
908 Broadway, Feb. 18. j
An informal meeting of the directors
of the Board of Trade was held to-day
for the purpose of furthering the move
ment to transfer the annual State Fair
from Sacrameuto to this city.
Although the matter was only broached
to the Legislature yesterday a great deal
of quiet work has been done and instruc
tions were sent to the Alameda delegation
to-day asking them to prepare and intro
duce the necessary bill as soon as possible,
as sentiment in this city was a unit in fa
vor of the transfer.
One of the strongest areument3 put
forth by Oakland is that if the fair be held
here it can be made a financial success
without the necessity of an appropriation
from the State.
Thomas ti. Williams has already prom
ised, free of cost, the use of the Oatlana
Trotting Park and when this subject was
mentioned to him he said that should the
fair be held here his officials should receive
orders to give all the assistance possible
to the fair directors.
"There is but one sentiment in this
city," paid Secretary Sharp of the Board
of Trade this morning, "and that is in
favor of bringing the State Fair here. A
necessity exist- to make the fair what it
was intended to be. an exhibition of the
products of this State for the purpose of
encouraging competition and recognizing
merit.
"For many years the State Fair has
been chiefly a neat of fakers with a little
horse-racing on the side. We have proved
how to run an exposition and make it
pay, and the State Fair, if held here,
would be attended by many more people
than go to Sacramento, and it would De
run so as to help and foster the products
of California.
"The same methods that have been
used in our annual exposition, and which
have proved a financial success, would,
on a larger scale, also make a State affair
successful. During the time of the fair
the heat at Sacramento is unbearable, and
many people nre kept away on that ac
count. In Oakland it is very different
and the temperature is all that could be
desired."
President Witcher of the Merchants'
Exchange, President J. P. Taylor of the
Board of Trade, <i. \V. Ari er, Mayor Da-
Tie. George L. Fish, M. J. Keller and
many other leading citizens have already
added their indorsement to the scheme.
An Army Demonstration.
OAKLAND, Cal., Feb. 18.— The Inter
national demonstration of the Salvation
Army neld to-night was a big success.
The barracks was crowded, and the in
formation piven by each representative of
a country where the army work* was
highly interesting. Those who took part
In the demonstration were all dressed in
appropriate costume, and the stage pre
sented a very cosmopolitan appearance.
THE FIRE UNDERWRITERS.
The Pacific Association Concludes Its
Twenty-First Annual Conference
by Electing Officers.
The Fire Underwriters' Association of
the Pacific concluded the business of its
twenty-first annual session by electing
Wednesday afternoon officers for the ensu
ing year. In the evening the members at
tended a banquet at the Maiaon Riche.
The business meetings were held in the
association's assembly room at. 303 Cali
fornia street, and were presided uver by
Herbert Folser, the retiring president.
The new officers are:
President, R. W. Osborn; vice-president,
Louis Wcinmann; ieeretary and treasurer,
Calvert MeJftle; executive committee— F. G.
Ar^-all (chairman), Ed Niies and R. P. Fabj;
general committee (re-elected) — W. 11. Lowden
(chairman), F. <l. Argall. H. A. Craig. George
K. Grant, K. V. Watt, ('. Bertbeau, D. E. Miles,
George H. Tyson, H. M. Grant, K. J. Devlin, A.
R. Grim, George 1). Doruiu, William sexton, C.
Mason Kinne, George K. Butler.
The annual report of Louis Welnmann,
the retiring secretary ana treasurer,
showed tbat the affairs of the association
:ire in a flourishing condition, there being
181 members and a good balance of funds
in bank.
According to cnstom the frailties of
members and the humorous incidents pe
culiar to the business during the past year
were most happily embodied in the asso
ciation's paper culled the California Knap
sack, edited' and read in manuscript by
George F. Grant, who kept the assemblage
in a roar of laughter for nearly an hour.
Among the addresses upon subjects per
taining to the general business of insur
ance were the following:
"Special Needs From the Office," Alfred R.
Grim ; "Hops as a Fire Hazard," E. L. Thomp
son; "Competition," Leslie A. Wright; '•.Neces
sity of Revising the City Tariff," Charles B.
Hill; "Adjusting Losses" (a practical and val
uable paper), William Sexton; "Burglary In
surance," Arthur C. Donuell; "Some Mistakes
in the Management of Fire Loss Adjustments,"
W. L. Chalmers ; a paper on statistics (a val
uable resume of business on the coast), W. H.
Lowden; "Local Board Organizations," U. M.
Grant
Addresses were also made by Thomas S.
Chard, a practical insurance manager of
Chicauo; by L. L. Bromwell, and by 8.
Alex Wright, an architect, who presented
a discussion on the coat of modern build-
ing 3.
All the set papers will be published in
the association's report.
THEY WILL CELEBRATE.
Third-Street Merchants Will Mark Their
Progrraa "With a Demonstration.
Tie merchants on Thirct street are
determined to mate the lighting of that
thoroughfare an event to be long remem
bered by a grand display of calcium lights,
with music and bonfires thrown in.
At a meeting of the improvement club
last night at Beecker's Hall, 14 Third
street, the collecting committees reported
progress with iho information that suffi
cient funds would be on hand to justify a
grand display on the night of the celebra
tion. Committeemen KaUchinski and A.
Bcecker reported that by Monday night
the lamps on the block from MrKetto
Mission streets would burn.
The following were appointed a commit
tee on celebration: A. BeecKer, B. Jacobs,
B. Katscuinski, Julius Lemle and C. At
tell, with power »o fix the evening upon
which the display ahull be held.
H. S. Elliott, Julius Lemle and Dr. Rot
tanzi were appointed a cominitete on ex
tending the lights irom Harrison to Bran
nan streets.
Vice- President Katscbinski statea that
with few exceptions the bnrdeD of sub
scriptions to the tirst block ia borne by the
. "
Auction Bialcs
ADMINISTRATOR SALE.
Oil AS. LEW & CO., Auctioneers,
salesrooms-! i:5.% Marke. oicaoi.
THIS DAY.
Friday February 19, 1897.
At 10 o'clock a. M.. at >ale&ri>ona,
1135 MARKET ST.. bet. 7tU an* Bth.
WE WILL SKI. I, ...
AX ELIGAXT LINK Of FURXITDRE.
Carpets. Berid'.ni;. btovea and Unities. i:tc
Counters, Nat on il Cash Register, Mirrors.
L»dl-s' Clothes, 1 Jr in BaA .
iii.is, l.i:\'V A CO.. Auctioneer*.
storekeepers, as the property-owners had
declined to contribute.
STREETCAR FARES.
Enthusiastic Reception Given the
Delegates on 1 heir Keturn
From Sacrnniento.
The delegates from the employes of the
different street railroads in the City that
went to iSacrnnienio to assist in defeating
the bill introduced into the Senate reduc
ing car fares met with a rousing reception
at the ferry last night on their return
from the capital.
About 1500 employes from the different
roads were at the ferry, and they had a
brass band of twenty-five pieces, composed
of railroad employes, with them. As the
delegates emerged from the < epot they
were greeted with rousing cheers, and the
band struck up "See the Conquering Hero
Comes."
Owing to the inclemency of the weather
no speeches were de.ivered, but it was ar
ranged for the delegates to meet this
morning and make ah necessary prepara
tions for a ratification meeting to be heUl
to-night, at which 'very employe of the
roads not on duty will be expected to be
present.
The delegates to Sacramento were W. C.
Carpenter (chairman). W. 0. Cook (secre
tary). P. J. Manning, J. C. Sautelle, T. J.
Miller, E. G. Hardy, Ed Gitchol!, L. W.
Hollinsworth, Georire Grimes and Franfc
Bell.
AN EXCELLENT CONCERT.
The San Francisco Symphony Orchestra
Flayed Again and Delighted a
I'iii'ge Audience.
In spite of the rain tho Columbia was
weil tilled by San Francisco's music lovers
yesterday, and those who were there were
well pleased with themselves for braving
the storm. Mr. Hinnchs has reason to be
proud of this organization for the splendid
work they have done.
The lirst number. Goldmark's overture,
"Sakuntala," was finely rendered. Bee
thoven's symphony, in D major, always a
favorite, was performed with exquisite
taste, and the beautiful melodies were
clearly brought out. "Liebes Novelle,"
musical love stories in four parts, viz. :
"The Meeting," "The Confession," "The
\Vooing" and "The Separation, " by
King, written for strings, including the
harp, was particularly dainty and pleas
ing. Cnabrier's "Rhapsodic Espana"
closed the programme. The next concert
will be given one week from next Thurs
day.
A BIG DEAL IN LAND.
San Luis Ob spo Ranch Prop
erty Has Been Sold for
$220, 0c0.
Purchased by a Syndicate for a Colony
of Farmers Who Crme to This
State F.oai lowa
A sale of real estate in Ban Luis Obispo
County was completed yesterday, the con
sideration being $2iO,<XK) for lands aggre
gating about 23,000 acres. The facts are
supplied t>y Wendell Easton of Easton,
Eldridge & Co., by whom the deal was
effected. The property is Known as the
J. T. Murphy ranch. The owner was J. T.
Murphy. The purchaser is the representa
tive of a syndicate, but his name Mr.
Eldridge said he did not care to mention
yet.
Mr. Eldridge continued to say that the
purpose of the purchaser is to subdivide
the l.mds, which will be occupied by lowa
families — perhaps fifty families in all.
The tract embraces 13,200 acres ol the
Ascunaion ranch and 11,000 acred of the
Cascadero ranch. The lands adjoin. They
are on the line of the coa3t route of the
Southern Pacific, being near Paso Ilobles.
The soil is adapted to grain and fruit raia
insr, and a large tract is fine grazing land.
Mr. Eldridge -ays that un loubtedly the
extension of the Southern Pacific line has
stimulated inquiry for land, making it
available. Mr. Eldridge also believes that
this marks the revival of a demand for
good California land.
INDIANS AGAINST COLLEGIANS.
IMute Nine to Play Stanford Varsity at
San Jose To-Murrow.
The Piute Indian baseball team from
Nevada will go up against the Stanford
Varsity nine at San Jose next to-morrow
afternoon. It will be the first game of the
season for the collegians, who havo only
just begun to work into shape for the
three annual championship games to be
played with the University of California
two months hence.
Beckett, a froshraan, will pitch. He is
one of the possibilities for the Varsity
box, which is the only place that Stanford
is not strong in at the opening of the sea
son. It is likely, however, that Captain
Thompson will give up fielding and be
the Varsity pitcher before the season
closes, for he lias had experience as a
high-school twirler and has more speed
than the others.
The Indians have played several matches
already in and about San Francisco, and
have shown considerable ability as expo
nents of the National game.
Following is the line-up of the two
teams:
I'lute Indiana.. ros'tlon. Stanford University.
AquAtara Pitcher Beckett
11 uo Catcher C btroljti
Split, is First base. Vonnit
C'hlcKma ..Second base Jeffs
ClaiUwu Third base Sharp
\\ ishshon Shortstop Longhead
Zublc Left field v lght
Daubake Center field Freeman
Dahu Ulght field. (Capul Thompson
Th«> Indians will play the Santa Clara
College team on Sunday at Agricultural
Park, Sau Jose.
1 1! iinatum From the Health of Board,
The Board ol Supervisors have received
notice ftom the Board of Health to get surgi
cal Implements to the Receiving Hospital
withia three days, or, failing in this, the nos
pltal will be closed. The communication is as
Jollows:
EflMlU At a meeting of the Hoard of Health,
held Uu»(iay, upon motion of Dr. Har., <lv y sec
onded iuid curried, the st cre:ary « as instructed to
tru!.3iuit 10 your honorable bolv the r'Hoiution
adopted by tne Heard of Health to the effect thai
If the instruments and npp.lancra so often ani
nntraUv requested by lolke surgeon Cr U eil are
not forthcoming wr.h.n h date of three days from
date of this communication, the Krceiving
Hospital be Closed 10 all patients ana the noors
locked until such time as the necessary instru
ments and Hpplia ices have not only been received
but ure met with the approval and ac-cep ance of
the Board of Health of the C ty an 1 County ol San
Kraucisco. 1 am, gentlemen, raapectfolly yours
Edmosd UODCBAUX
Mr. Godchaux is the secretary of the hoard.
An average of three British seamen lose
their lives every day by drowning and 300
British steamers and saiMig vessels are
io?t at sea yearly.
COm\UATiO.\ SALE OF LIQUORS.
This Day (Friday), Feb. 19, 1897, at 11 .o'clock
A. M., at 1057 Market St., o.'i>. .1 l s, we will sell
an Kleiant and l^urge stock of >'me Imported
Wines and Liquors. INDIANA At'CTIO^ CO.
ri. J. 1 11OI.1Z, Aiuiloneer.
On Tuesday. Feb. *J3, we will sell a Fine Stock
of Groceries.
ELEGANT FURNITURE.
THIS DAY (FRIDAY), AT 11 A. M.,
1209y 3 HOW.UII) ST.. Mt. EIOHi'H.
FHANK W. BUTTERFIKLD. Auctioneer.
IJO2 Martcet street.
NEARLY READY
FOR THE PARADE
Many Patriotic Exercisss
Will Be Held N<xt
Monday.
Boys' Brigade Will Have a
Flag-Raising at the
M. E. Church.
Y. M I. and Hei:ry Cl y D ba'.ing
Society Arrange Litrrary
Programmes.
Oakland Office San Fbajncisco Call,)
908 Broadway. Feb. 18. j
The programme for the entertainment
of the public on Washington's birthday
already contains many interesting features
and more are promised.
Tue committee in charge of the parade
Archie J. Cloud, Who Will Deliver
an Oration on Washington.
will complete their line of march and de
tails to-morrow, and promise that the
parade will be more interesting and of
larger proportions than anything of the
kind yet attempted in this city.
There will be ten divisions, and the
features will be historical and unique.
The Grand Army, National Guard, Koys'
Brigade and many fraternal organizations
will be in line, and there will aiso be n
demonstration of school children. The
railroad companies have agreed to bring
all the little pupils of tho outlying dis
tricts into the city free of charge, and a
body of the coming generation will be in
each division of the parade.
parade will form on the side streets
adjoining Broadway, south of Seventh,
and wiil march to Twenty- nrst' street and
San Pablo, wliere there will be a counter
march down San Pablo to Fourteenth, to
Washington, to Eighth, to Alice, to
Lincoln Park, where the parade will pass
the reviewing stand and be dismissed.
Assessor Henry P. Daiton will be tho
grand marshal.
The Young Men's Institute will also
have a celebration, next Monday. The
exems'S will be held in the evening at
the Exposition building and a pleasant
entertainment will be presented, to con
clude with an oration by Hon. Jp.mes H.
Bnrry of Ban Francisco. R. H. Ham
mond, president of Oakland Council No.
<i, haß been selected aa chairman of the
evening, and the celebration wiil be free
to all.
The Henry Clay Debating Society has
arranged for an evening of oratory at Fra
ternal Hall next Monday evening. Musi
cal and literary talent lrom the member
ship of the society will render a pro
gramme, of which the leading features will
be an oration by Archie Cloud on the life
ami example of George Washington, and
the Rev. Edwards Davis will also deliver
a lecture on the "Order of Oratory."
At the Eigiith-avenue Methodist Enis
copal Cimrch the Boys' Brigade will have
an old-time flag-raising. There will be
speeches and exercises, and many clergy
men have promised to be present. Tue
exercises will be held in the afternoon,
and it is expected that some companies
from San Francisco will be present and be
entertained by the local brigade.
At the new basehail grounds, in North
Oakland, there will be a baseball match
between the Piute Indians and the Hesse
mans of Oakland. Previous to the game
the players will ho!d a parade.
OLD MES. RANSOME.
Infirm and JJemamls 'i hat ll>r Son, Al
bert MacUonald, Shall Support Her.
Mrs. Emma Ilan^ome, by her attorney,
J. D. Sullivan, has sued her son Henry
Macdonald to compel him to support her.
Mrs. Ransorae is well Known in San
Francisco, b'evernl year 3 ago she cham
pioned the cause of her son, Henry Mac-
Donaid, who c. aimed to be the na'.ural
son and heir of the late Captain Mucdon
ald, who left a iarge estate. Mrs. Kan
some testified that Captain Macdonald.
was the boy's futhpr, though she was
never married to him, and under the law
of adoption the boy was put in possession
of considerable property, the other rela
tives of the decedent also taking a share.
Mr--. Kansome alleges ti.at her son is
now 23 years okl ; ti»;it he ib worth $25,000,
and that she asked him to iilluw her $J5 a
month lor her support, as she i^ poor and
infirm and unable to support herself. She
says tn:it he r-fused to aliovr her any sum
whatever for her support and she thinks
that the court ought to compel him. to pay
her $75 a month tor her support.
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
<»25keakXYST. EsUblUhed
in 1«.T.4 for the treatment of Private
Diseases, Lost Manhood. Debility or
disease wearing on bodyand mind and
Skin Diseases. Thefloctorcureswhen
others fair. Try him. Charges low.
('urongßaixnii'i-d. CHllorwrite.
l»r. a. v. «I«BOJi. Box 1937. San ii'ranclaco.
1112
BUTLER WANTED
TO GO ASHORE
He Was Very Eager to
Leave the Ship With
out Delay.
Captain Fraser Testifi d to This
Effect at Yesterday's
Hearing.
Further Evidence Will Bs Taken
To-Day, and the Argument Is
Set for Thursday.
When Commissioner Heacock took his
seat in the United States Circuit Court
yesterday afternoon to resume the hear
ing on the application for the extradition
of Richard Ashe, alias Butier, Attorney
Cormac stated that both the Preston and
the Lee NVeller charges would be taken to
gether, tne same evidence to serve in bo;h
cases in the absence of any objection.
The gloom of the subsequent proceedings
was rarely relieved by any gleam of real
interest, anu Mr. Black's additions to his
list (if objections were, therefore, alrno-t
welcomed by tlie spectators as a tienuine
diversion.
Captain Fras-er of the Swanhilda virtu
ally retold ihe si^ry of his connection with
the prisoner from the date when the latter
Signed the ship's articles at Newcastle till
the morning of vh e arrest :n the bay of
£an Francisco. Mr. Biaek's objections
followed rapidly, one upon the other, as
the witness described his interview wiin
the second officer of the steamer Taupo
fifteen uavs oui from Newcastle, reia:;ve
to the B\ue Mountain murders. "Tiie
s- cond officer," said Captain Fraser,
"came to me on the rioop and said — "
"1 object," cried Mr. Black, "to what he
said.
"What did you say?" queried the
court.
"He was the first to speak, your
Honor," the witness explained. "He
gave me the newspaper containing the ac
count of the muraer."
"I object again," cried Mr. Black, "to
what the newspaper said. 1 '
"In consequence of what I read in the
paper," coniinued the witness, "I said 10
the tfherr: 'The po.ice must be on the
v. rong track; tliere is no man on my arti
cles namea But.er.' He left me an un
opened bundle of papers, which I
aiterward examined. The nrst paper I
read contained Lee Weller's name."
•Now 1 move that be stricken out,"
said Mr. Black wearily.
The first officer. Captain Fraser re
sumed, after reading ihe papers, said:
"We have cot the man."
"Objection 10 what the first officer
paid." interposed the vigilant Mr. Black.
"Did the defendant ever speak to you
during the voyage?" as-ked Mr. Corniac
"Three evenings beiore we got in,"
replied the witness, "between 7 and 8
o'clock, I was in my chartroom, when the
prisoner knocked at the door. When 1
opened it he asked me if I would let him
go ashore just as soon as we arrived. He
baid: 'You know how it is. It might be
the means of my getting a good situation
ii I could get ashore without it being
known that I was here before the mast.'
1 told him he could go ashore the moment
we got in."
The witness then cave an account of the
arrest and stated that the mate called his
attention at the time to a soil hat worn
by the prisoner with th«j brim turned
down over his face. . The prisoner usually
Wore a small hat. In :he opinion of the
witness the prisoner knew nothing about
the Taupo's communication. <
The ship's articles were here produced j
and examined by the prisoner and Ins
counsel. These proved to be drawn up in
the usual form and provided for three
years' service within specified degrees of
laiitune.
Mr. Biack was solicitous to know the
exact position of the bfaip Swanhildaat
tlie lime of the arrest, and the witness re
plied that she was well within the heads
and entirely tree from any wharf. He ad
mitte'i that the prisoner conducted hirn
seif well (luring ttie passage. It wa« cus
tomary lor sailors to wear all sorts of
hats, though they ilii not usually wear
the rim turned down intentionally. It
was because the prisoner wore his hat in
this fashion that the witness temporarily
missed him on the morn.ng of the arrest.
"Is it customary," asked Mr. Corniac,
"for a sailor to change his name?"
The witness said that ttiis fiequently
happened, aijd especially in Newcastle,
where sailors who had deserted would do
this in order to get a license.
The witness soon afterward left the
stand and Mr. Black addressed the court.
He stated that Mr. Cormac had formerly
consented to allow him to examine his
transcription of the testimony hitherto
taken, but had afterward withdrawn that
permission on consultation with his col
leagues. Ti;e prisoner, Mr. Black pointed
out, was a poor man without, means, and
he, Mr. Black, would, therefore, ask bis
Honor whether counsel for the defense
could obtain a copy of the testimony
from any otner source.
The court said that the original deposi
tions and the oral evidence would be
placed in the custody of the court as goon
as they could be transcribed by the re
porter and that when tbia was done coun
sel could have access to them.
Mr. Black, on the understanding that he
might have forty-eif;ht hours in which to
prepare his argument, consented to allow
the testimony la the Preston case to be
admitted in the Lee Weller case.
Charles Wiicox, one of ti.e crew of the
ship Swanhilda, testified that the prisoner
borrowed his hat and put it on in the fore
castle before the ship reached the heads.
O :e side of the brim was always hanging
down. The witness did not s<»e the pris
oner wearing it a:terward, and he went
ashore in is own hat.
Mr. Black picked up the hat claimed by
Wilcox and demanded, "Ia that your
hat?"
"Yes," was the decided answer.
"Did it ever have any powciers in it T"
"\o, sir."
"If you wanted to disguise yourself,
would you •wear that hat?"
"Tastes differ," replied the witness
laconically, "'I wouldn't."
Detective McHattie was again called,
and ■was told to examine the checkbook
found among the prisoner's baggage. He
recognized the name Leo Waller as the
prisoner's handwriting, but was sure that
the name Frank Harwooci had not been
written either by the prisoner or by Lee
Weller. He considered that the articles
found in the prisoner's possession were
very material evidence and to the beat of
his knowledge and belief they were the
proceeds of his crime.
'•How could this checkbook be of any
value in the prosecution?" asked Mr
Black.
"That would be hard to say at present"
"Is there anything else material upon
i!, except the name of Lse Weller, which
y>.Q admit is in the prisoner's handwrit
ing?"
"1 believe it was stolen from South Aus
tralia."
"Does South Australia own it?"
"1 believe it belongs to Frank Har
wood."
Mr. Clark continued vo badger the wit
ness with similar interrogatories, trying
hard to obtain a dennite reply as to
whether or not the checkbook was required
■• evidence in ttie Preston and Lee Weiler
cases. The witness, however, was not
prepared to say anythine of the kind, and
merely repealed that it might prove use
ful in other cases. Mr. Black picked ud
several other articles and asked "Where
fore were they wanted?"
McHattie was eclectic and proposed to
use tbem all, but emphat-ized the neces
sity for the pre.-ence oi the certificates,
the ciothing and the photographs.
"Tne fact is," saM Mr. Black, "you
thins that when you get all the goods
back you may be nble to connect them
wnh some other crime "
Detective Roche was called to inform the
Ceurt of the respective distances of ihe
Chaisworth boaraing-house, Fa.conbridee
and New Hampshire from Sydney, New
castle and the localities wheie the bodies
of the murdered men were found. Con
stuble Conroy, who followed, said ihe
prisoner when he knew him wore a silver
watch and chain, and ihat the gold watch
and chain found amon: the prisoner's ef
fects clop-ely resembled those w*>rn by the
murdered Lee Weller. The witness also
stated that he obtained the prisoner's hat
from the forecastle when the arrest took
plsce, but did not examine it very care
fu !y.
Detective Egan deposed to the discovery
of the white powder inside the stveatbund,
and expressed ttie opinion that the pack
age mub'. have lain there for some time,
as it wms pressed quite flat.
A. Mcßoy.e, a licensed pharmacist, com
municated tl>e result ol an atia.ysis ol the
powder in question. He had made, he
said, a c inclusively satisfactory test, in
accordance with his expeiience of thirty
»years, and upon learning that the powder
mi-'ht be material evidence in the case lie
applied what was known as the color test,
which was so tine and accurate that the
smallest fr.ic:ion of a grain could b^ de
tected by it. H* found that the powder
contained six or seven grains of stryen
nine — enough to kill five men. The small
est dose known to be fatal was a haif
grain.
Mr. Black intimated that the defense
had no testimony at the moment. He
might have to asK the deiendaiit some I
qu>-stions later.
The hearing of further testimony in i
both cases was then continued till tbis |
afternoon nt 2 o'clock, with the under- |
standing that argument will be>;iu next j
Thursday.
THE POLYCLINIC OPEN
That Under the Auspic s of the
Mount Z on Hospital on
Stockton Street
Emm nt Physicians Will Ticre At
tend Patients at Merely Nomi
nal R.Vips.
The new polyciinio, established under
the auspices of the Mount Zion 110-pital,
baa been opened at 317 Stockton street.
It seems likely that the new institution
will prove very beneficial, judging from
the popularity of ihe hospital. The latter
has accommodations, properly speaking,
for ten patients and there are now fourteen
installed there.
At the P.jlyclinic, which is patronized
by all the Hebrew rabbis and residents,
albeit it is non-sectarian in character, a
large number of eminent physicians have
volunteered their services. The only cost
will be 25 cents for compounding mdi
cines. Clinics will b» held daily, *>:_cf»pt
on Sundays and holidays, at the following
hours for the specialties mentioned:
MONDAYS.
9 to 10— Dr. E. O. Yellinet, diseases of
nervous system. Dr. Phi;ip Mills Jones, dl<
easisof the ear, nose and throat.
11 to 12— -Dr. Pnilip King Brown, medical
clinic
2 to 3— Dr. M. P. Hus, eye clinic.
3 t.)4 :30— Dr. K. P. de Marville, women's
diseases.
4 to s— Dr. Julius Rosenstirn, surgical
clinic.
TUESDAYS.
9 to 10— Dr. W. P. Nathan, children's
diseases.
11 to 12— Dr. Charles G. Levison, medical
clinic; Dr. Julius Rosens Urn, women's
disea-es.
3 to 4:3o— Dr. N. P. de Marville, surgical
Clinic.
4t" s— Dr. J. D. Arnold, diseases of the enr,
nose and throat; Dr. Oscar J. Mayer, women's
diseases.
WEDNESDAYS. /
9to 10— Dr. E. O. Yelliuek, diseases of nerv
ous system.
10 "to 11— Dr. Philip King Brown, medical
clinic; Dr. M. Krotoczyner, diseases oi the
genito urinary organs.
2to 3— Dr. M. P. hum, eye clinic.
3 to 4 :3o— Dr. Phiiip Mills Jones. X ray.
4 to s— Dr. Oscar J. Mayer, surgical cliuic.
THURSDAYS.
9to 10— Dr. P. W. Nathan, children's dis
ease«; Dr. Philip Mills Jones, diseases of the
ear, nose and throat.
11 to 12— Dr. Cnnrles G. Levison, medical
clinic.
3 to 4:3o— Dr. N. P. de Marville, women's
disease*.
4 to s— Dr. Julius Rosenstirn, surgical
clinic.
FRIDAYS.
9to 10— Dr. E. O. Yeliinek, diseases of the
nervous system.
11 to 12— Dr. Philip Kintr Brown, medical
clinic; Dr. Julius Rosenslirn, diseases of
women. *"
2 to 3— Dr. M. P. Hus, eye clinic.
3to 4:3o— Dr. N. P. de Marville, surgical
clinic.
4to s— Dr. J. D. Arnold, diseases of the ear,
nose and throat; Dr. Oscar J. Mayer, women's
diseases.
SATURDAYS.
9 to 10— Dr. P. W. Nathan, children's din
eases.
11 to 12— D.r Charles G. Levison, medical
clinic; Dr. M. Kroto«zyner.
4to s— Dr. Oscar J. Mayer, surgical clinic.
• — ♦ — •
OLAN PRASES
Irving M. Scott Will Deliver Address
To-.Mghl.
Tne sixth annual entertainment and
dance, in honor of "Wasnington's birth
day, will be held (it fckoitish Hall, 105
Larkin street, this evening, under
the auspices of Clan Fraser No. 78, Order
of Scottish i ians.
Irving M. Scott will address the meet
ing, the full programme being as follows :
Overture, orchestra: "Oh. Wert Tnou In the
Cauld Blast, 1 ' (Kucken), Kiiict .rbocker Male
Qu»rtet— D. M. Lawrence, first tenor, CM.
ELiot, second tenor, D. B. < nmc. fir-t bass, L,
A. Lars -mi, second buss; (a) "Th • Buttle ot
Stirling" (with cornet old.guio), (6) Jacobite
humorous song, "Hume Cam O'or (iudc-man at
E'en," Kindlay McGregor; sot>r.ino solo,
"Bonnie Sweet Bessie," (Gi.bert), Mi.'s
Eva Wren; piano solo, Miss G. fcichlau;
reading, Miss K. Frances Luse;
tenor solo. "Devoted" (McLau?h:in), I). M.
Lhwronce; addrebs, "Kebrunry 11, Old Btyit,
17:)3, " Hon. Irvinir M.Scott; "The Blue Bells
ol Scotland" (Buck). Knickerbocker Male
Quartet; ilto s to (-f.t-cted), MissLttt.e; violin
bo.o. Miss C. Ziiinen; duet "Adieu" (Nicola:),
Mr*. Urcn and Mr. Lawrence; realing, Miss X
Frances Luse: "Rornniy Ltn" (Adams; C M
Elliot: "Last NU'ht" (Kj-ru.;). Knickerbocker
Male Quartet ; "Auld La.ii; Sync," audience,
lea b}- orchestra and quartet. Mrs. D. M. Law
rence, accompanist.
THE SUPfiEME COUBT.
The Bill for It* Enlargement Under
Careful Consideration.
The Justices of the Supreme Court and
the committee of the Bar Association held
another meeting Wednesday to discuss the
proposed legislative bill for the enlarging
of the Supreme Court.
One point agreed upon was for three
District Courts of Appeal with three
Judges each instead of one Appellate
Court with five Justices.
The matter of jurisdiction of the several
courts was also agreed upon, the Supreme
Court to nave superviiory control over the
Appellate courts on.y in case-* of ciash of
decisions, writs of ruandnte, prohibition,
etc. One fection, if approved by the peo
ple, will <lo away with the necessity of
extra Superior judges in this City. It
provides that th?re may be as many ses
sions of the Superior Court as there arr»
Judges to hold court. One of the pro
visions over wliicn there was much differ
THE SAN FRAXCTSCO CALL, FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 19, 1897.
ence of opinion was that providing that
the courts should not have under advise
ment at any on • time more than ten ca^es.
Several were of the opinion that this would
not be practicable, owing to the court
being heM in different cities.
Another provision causing some discus
sion was that all cases must be orally
araued, am) it was agreed that oral argu
ment might be waived and the causes sub
mitted on briefs. Ii is expected that the
different point:- will be harmonised, so as
to submit the draft of the bill to the Legis
lature bj to-morrow.
SAN FRANCISCO -CALL."
BfMNESS OFFICEoI the San Francisco Cai.i~
TlO Market street, open until la o'clock avery
Bight iv the year.
BRANCH OK Kirns— Bß7 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open nntO 9:30 oviock.
SH9 Hares street, open Until 9::>0 oV.lOPfc.
616 l.arkln street, open until 9:30 o' clock.
tsW. corner buieeulU aud Mission streets, open
olii; c o'clock.
*M 8 Mission street, open until 9 o'clock.
167 Ninth street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
1805 Polk street: open un'tl 9:30.
NOTICK OF MEKTINGS.
fr~S» YERBABUENA LODGE OF PER- *«*
i S- 5 ' fectlon Vi) 1 — Regular meetin^THlS A
(FRIDAY)EVENING, i-et>. 19, »t 8 o'clock. ZrA
D. 4. GEu. J. HOBK, Set retary. <«___?
STTZr" CLAN FKASER, ORDER OF . V St.
vb~-& Scottish <- lai's, will give its six h 3^. £i J/J
annual conceit and dance in honor or '^_xTlJ_*
Waslnui ton's birthday at .-cotilahHall, %-i?%
Laikin street, ou FRIDAY i Vi:X!.\O. February
19. Address be Hon. Irving M. Scott, entitled
••February 11, Old Myle. 1793." Musical selec-
tions by the famo.is Knickerbocker Quartet: spe-
cialties by tr.e great Scotch humorist, Fin.llay Me-
(■re.or solo's. • — soprano. Mrs. E. Wren; a to,
- iss Little: ie: or. U. M. Lawrence, C. M. Klllolt;
violin. Miss ;. Zmucn; piano, Miss O. >lciilan;
reader. Miss R. Fnmces I.use. Concert at 8; grand
msich at 10 o'clock: ad miss on fee 26c; hat and
c.oak rooms free.
Rt^S^'Kl GULA X MEETING OK , «7 &L.
art-' the Caledonia Club TH Irs EVEN- A, LAJJ
IN(J at 8 o'clock. Scottish nail, 111 tVltf
J.arkln st. D R. KILL, thief. **=_s^f
Jas. H. Duncan, Sec
V^f THh. ANNUAL MXI TING OP THE
ifc-*' itockboldera of the Marin County Water
Company will be held at the ollice of the com-
i -;i> . iuti i. aiifornla street ■.m Frnncisco, on
\Vll.\ i-.nDa V. the B<l day of March, 1897. at tbe :
I hour of 12 o'clock m., for ;he election of trustees ;
fur the en>ulng yenr and tor the transaction of
su h other business us may conn- b>-f re me me t- :
ne. A. DALTO HA HRI>oN, s,-i retary.
I^TllK REOULAK ANNCALMEETINGOF
l-~— ' the members o: thf B.siiop Armiia^c Church
Orphanage will bebi'ld at ■■'" oflice of the tecretarr-,
:>:• ■ Califurila si., room 38. on .eoruary 23, 1897, i
at lii M., for the purpose of revising or amending ;
the by-laws oi said corporation or ado|iiintr new
by-laws and for the cleition of :rusteeg for the en-
suing year: nlso for the transac ion oi such other
business as may come before the meet
L. WAI) Ha M . Secretary.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
sJ^3s=» THEY SELL ALL DRY (i ODS, YARN,
_r-»' taLle linen, lace curtail s. towels, hosiery
underwear, co .»••.». embroidery, laces, buttons,
linings, threads, handkerchief*, veilings, etc., very
cheap at Ploueir Dry Goods s:ore, 105 Fifth SU
C^g* BAD TENANTS EJECTED FOR r*:
&-■-* rollei tons made: city or country. Pacific
Collection Co., 415 Mouthy *:., room «: tel. 6580.
et~3?= DR. BAZr.T REMOVED FROM PHE-
ts~^ lan tjulldine to 008 <i«ary st.: t'l. East ?57.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
rrs' DIVIDEND NOTICE— DIVIDEND NO. |
tsr^& 40 (twenty-five cents per share) of the ;
liutrhln on sugar i'lanta'.ion Lorn i any will be
payable at the ollice of the company. 327 Mar «t
street, on and aster Saturday, February 20, IJ-97.
Transfer books will close Saturday, rebruary .3,
1897. at 12 o'clock v. £.. 11. SHi.LDON.
rt-tary.
SITUATIONS WANTED— FEMALE.
OFFICE FF.K REDUCED: 25 CTS.; UIR*JB OF
a 1 national i.iej to nil various |.ijiuoii_ Uei-
oian . ni| loymeDi ( fflce, .06 Mason at.
J) RMANKNT POSITION As HOUSK-
-1 . keeper wanted by Ka stern lady; .dleinc-house
or widower's home preferred. 995 Market, ro iui
llTant* — ■ SITUATION AS HOUSE-
' » keeper; ranch preferred. Address or c.ill 675
Mission si., r.,0 a 5 ; .a-
-"TTOUXa WIDOW wants v place as
— . housekeeper; <-lty or country. I_2 Post St.,
rooru 2.
yoi'.VO GERMAN GIRL WOULD LIKE sir-
I n.i lon an i iisti hid. or clerk In store: speaks
German and English. 816 Fourth st.
J^IUST - CLASS DRE-SMAKER WISHES
I work; goud cuiter and litter; re.' able prices.
Call 402 Ninth st., room 1-, >ia^;auU.
VOUXO LADY DJ£SiB S ;rcslli()X AS
-L working hous->cee]i<-r. 11- Taylor st., room 14.
yOUNO LADY, FORMERLY IN good CIB-
-L cumstames. desires a lucrative position as
:. us keeper; or will do gentlemen's mending.
180 Kills m., room 17, second floor; call after 12.
ANTED — BY AN AMERICAN LADY v
' » ]•>•<■ .on at housekeeper in either rity or coun-
try: Rood <-<;0K and capable of taking entire c;.arge
of a small home. Address P. S., box 149, Call.
THOROUGHLY EXPERIENCED GERMAN
t'roteiiant iiifaiit'" nurse; would take entire
cliaree of baby In city or country; best reference*.
1221 O'Farre;l st.
RE V IXKD LADY WOLLD LIKE TO CARE
IV for eh: d 2 years or over; best Of care; nlso
German a-' 1 . English taught; price reasonable.
Address 1635 Hyde *t.
"\\r ANT !•:_» — CAMP-COOKING BY YOUNG
*> woman: flrs'-class < amp cook: rood refer-
ence; can cook for 26 to SO men. 1-6 Fourth sl,
room 2.
l ••<>;, i-KTKNT t.IKL WISHES POSITION AS
v./ cb am barm aid an.i sewing or washing. Address
E., box m, « a i Othce.
' ——————-———-__—-_______________
L'IR.VI-CLASS COMPETENT COOK WOULD
a l.^e a position; oest of city references. CD.,
box 29, Call olni«.
QEAMSTRESS— LADIES' WEAR AND CHIL-
O dren's clothe, a specialty, seamstress, box 2
Call uffi-e.
WOMAN WISIIKS POSITION AS WORKING
IT houbekeeper: city or cuuu.ry. Address 11.,
box 1 10, ( all Office.
I^X PERIKNCKD LAUNDRESS WISHES
-J silks and flannels to do at home. App.y for
one week -.45 Liore at., near Howard.
"IJKFINEI) EASTERN WIDOW. EXPERI-
J.l' i-nct-d housekeeper,' desires situation as house-
keeper; country preferred. Km. 9, 288 Ke»rny st.
WOMAN WISHES SITUATION A 8 COOK
" or housework: reference. Please call or ad-
dress 713 Franklin, bet. i urk and (>olaen Gate aye.
pOLORED WOMAN WISH Km POSITION TO
V, 1 do homework by tbe day. . 1006 Washington.
■irOirNO GSKMAN WIDOW DESIRES PO-
X sltion as housekeeper. 88 Eddy st.. room 1.
TIT ANTED— A POSITION AS LADIES' MAID
M or working housekeeper by young colored
woman; good reierenccs. Apply or call 722 Bush.
WAN ED— A POSITION BY LADY WHO
.> » ban been used to the care of children and as
comp.in.on; good housekeeper and musician-
speaks German and English. 136 Sixth, room 14."
VTEAT, RELIABLE SWEDISH GIRL WISHES
Xi situation to do second work. Please address
hi iss LINDBEt.G, Golden Gale Postofllco (uo
postal cards), Alameda County.
EXPERIENCED DAY OR NIGHT NURSE-
XJ $9 per week; best of references; coifineruent
and other sickness taken home; private. Call 7 19
We'.ster at.
WANTEU-BY WIDOW WITH LITTLE BOY
»» 4 years old situation as housekeeper or cook
on ranch. Address box 121, Gilroy, Cal.
ITUATION WANTEI. BY RELIABLE GIRL
C 5 to do upstairs work and mind children: no ob-
ject on to country; best of re:e:ence. Address
644 /2 >atoma st.
yOU.NO GIRL WOULD LIKE SECOND WORK
Kin a Dice private family ; across the bay pre-
ferred. Call 34« i rcmoni si.
Vl,' I DOW wants woisk by day. week
»» or mouth; hous"Cleanln({, washing, plain
sewing or cooking; flannel laundress; baby's
nurse. r.b. O. 11. G., Golden Gate. Cal.
POSITION AS HOUSEKEEPER. 917 MAR-
JL ket si., room 3.
QOI _1I^81O^• ST.. LADY LIKES SEWING
vJ— l or mending to do at home.
SUBSCRIPTIONS AND WANT ADS FOR THE
Call taken at branch ollice, 33'J Hayes st.;
open until 9 :3J o'clock.
4 (CO.MPLISHKD YOUNG LADY WITH
-ci. many attractions wants place as nousekevper
In bachelor's or widower » home. Room 2. 223 Post.
COMPETENT WOMAN WANTS ANY KIND
\J of nonaework by the day; references. Address
R. H., box 108, Call OfUce.
"EXPERIENCED HOUHEKEEPKR (WIDOW)
-i wants work in widower's or bachelor's house-
hold; country ■ referred. 88 Ninth St., room 17-
-hours 11 a. M. to 9 p. M.
WANT ADS AND SUBSCRIPTIONS FOR
'» The i'ail are taken at Branch office, touih-
west corner .-ixteentn and Mission s s.
"I ADT WOULD LIKE A SITUATION AS
J ' housekeeper for widow, gentleman with chil-
dren or cook for sor 6 gentlemwn. MRS. A. Da-
DAMI, 813 bolter. «
SITUATIONS WA>'TED-('ontlnn««il.
1 ADY OF EXPERIENCE DKSIREB POSI
XJ tion as housekeeper In lodging-house or wid-
ower's home. Room 21, 22U Third st
71 t) LARKIN-BRANCH OFFICE OF THE
• ■ LtJ CALL: subscriptions ana want ad* taken.
COMPETENT COOK WISHES SITUATION
V^ in private family: would cio pe.eral house-
work la small family. Call at 227 Hayes at.
A NTE D-BY A YOUNG WOMAN IN HO-
ii lei Diaiu sewing, mending or care of linen-
room; sleeps home. Call or address ll* Eighth.
WINCHESTER IiOL-SE. 44 THIRD ST.. NR.
»» MarKet; 200 rooms -.5c 10 $150 per nisht;
$1 50 to $ti per week; convenient and respectable;
free bus and baggage to and from tte Jerry.
CW COR. SIXTEENTH ST.. NEAR MlS-
slon; branch office of Th* Call. ' bub-
si-rlptlons and wnnt ads token.
SITUATIONS WANTED MALE.
HUNTER & CO.. CHINESE AND JAPANESE
employment office, r. moved to 614Vs Califor-
nia st., near Kearny. 1 el. main 231.
CHINESE AND JAPaNEsK EMPLOYMENT
\J office; best help. 41*Vs O'FarrelL Tel. K. 426.
JAPANESE I.NTKLLIGfc-NCiK AGENCY. R.
0 90. St. Ann's bl'g, 6 Eddy St., tel .vain 6234.
CHINESE & jAFANhsK; KsT'D 20 YEAKS;
help:tel.maln 1997. BRADLEY A C a. 640 Clay
IDDLE-AGED MAN, DANK, GOOD CAR- I
■Ii pi-nter. nandy with blacksmith's and turner's
toots, *» ants work In shop or tactory. P. S,, box 1,
CmII Office, v
Swede wants SITUATION as coach-
man, city or country; understands eire of gar-
den, cows, etc.: best references. Address S. W.,
box 28. Call Office.
EASTERN MARRIKD MAN WISHES WORK
of any kind: handy with tools. Address I. J.
X., 1204 I'acincsL
Y"U.\GMaK OF UOOD HABITS Is ANX-
-l ious of obtaining employment in wholesale
bouse or warehouse or i:n»t market to drive
wagon or work inside: understand teaming and
taking care of noises: had some experience In
meat-culling; an all round handy man; references.
Address M. S. .N., box 119, Call Onice.
rpuMPKRATE, INDUSTRIOUS AMERICAN
i. couple will rent living-rooms from responsible
party able to give employment toonaorooth;
woman excellent cook; man No. 1 milker and
sKiiiful horseman: handy with tools; tirst-cmas
references. Address C, box 163, call i 'Hi c
GOOD UPHOLSTER R AND FURNITUKE
VJ" repairer, carpet cleaner and layer, wants
pUce in hotel: thoroughly understands ms busi-
n ss. also understands hotel work as.porter. Ad-
ilres-i A. PHILLIPS, station J, Sin Francisco.
Siiuatim.n wanted by STEADY, sober,
O indust:ioui young man; competent in painting
and understands how to run a small engine and
strain pump; either in city or country. Address
8., box 105, call.
pARDBNKB, FIEsT CLASS, WITH THK
vj best of references, wishes position; uii.lerstaiids
carpet bedding, greenhouses, propagating; cau
roiik and lake care of poultry. Addie-s Gardener,
box 69, Call office.
BY A YOUNG MAN, SOBER STEADY ANO
Industrious, a situation driving a delivery
wagon: understands tne city tboioughlv; best of
reierencea. Call or address K. ELLIOTT, 1701
' Dupont su
GARD. NKR wants WORK: private
lamlly ;unilrrst housework: care of lawns;
references. Address J. l:., box I^9, call i ill c.
SITUATION BY STRONG YOUNG GERMAN :
O speaks KnglUh: good habits: be,~tot rfterencas.
Address 1. 1., care K. HORN 208 Mason.
JAPANESE YOUNG BoY WANTS SITU A-
'l tlon to do waller and bouse work; city or coun-
try. KAWANO, 1329 Pine
SITUAIION WANTED BY A FIRST-CLASS
O : aimer ami wood-polisher. Audreys Painter,
box BU, Call office.
TNTELLI«#KNT BOY, LIVING WITH HIS \
X par nts, wishes position in the country; under-
stands the care ot hones. Call or address GEORGE
CUB! IT. Bi7 Jessie st., oft Ninth.
.\NThD — SITUATION AS PRINTER'S
11 pressman by younc married man; Australla-
sian experience. Address 308 Fremont sU, S. F.
STEADY YOUNG MAN WISHES WORK
O round house or hoe! in country. Address
Stei.dy. box 131. Call Office.
>._><» iuvks or.— Branch office OF
•>t )»/ 'ins Call; aubaonptioiia ana want ads
taken.
OTHONG YOUNG MAN. AGE 18. HANDY
O with tools, would like to learn wagon and c r-
riage makin e and blacKsmithlng. L. K. C., Call
Cilice, «.>a land. "
- V' 7 MONTGOMERY. COKNER OF CI.AY—
t>—l open unti 9:30 o'clock: branch office of
the Call: subscriptions and want ad*, taken.
\ T OU.N(I MAN WANTS SITUATION AS
X yanlninn tor hotel or private bonrdln^-house: i
fornlsn references from last employer and others. '■
Address JOHN A. MacUONALD, 156 Third at.
U" a ted— position by young MAN AS
'» barkeeier; rood references. Address R. P.,
bos 43. Call Office.
< MARKET ST. — BRANCH OFFICE OK IHE
"1 Call: want ads and subscriptions taKen.
TRONH WILLING YOUNG MAN WISHES !
.- place to do bard work; is bandy. Address M.,
box 14".', this office.
BRAN( OFFICE OF THK CALL. 167 NINTH
st — Want ads and subscriptions taken.
J MA RKKT ST. — BRANCH OFFICE OF THE
"1 Call: want ads and subscriptions taken.
\\riNCHKSTER HOUSK. 44 THIRD ST., NH.
•1 Market; 200 rooms; 25c to $1 60 per night:
*1 60 to cij per week; convenient a:id respectable;
free bus and bsggacn to and from the ferry.
FKMALE HELP WANTED.
GIRL, LIVERMORE, CAL, 915: GIRL,
Gilroy, Cal.. $16: girl. Couch st. $15: girl,
Webster st., 416; girl, Geary at., $16; 2 girls,
Goldeo Gate are., $15; girl, Washington St., $15:
girl, •-leiner <t., $15: girl, Ilnlghr St., $15; second
Kirl. $15; giri, Killmore at., $15: glr:, .Nineteenth
s:.. $10: girl, Fulton su. $16; 20 young girls, 58,
!*H) and $12 per month, ass st, etc. MARTIN'S,
749 Market st.
TV"AITRI SS, $21; CHAMBERMAID AND
'» wait some, -$15 and room: girl, boarding-
hous*, $12 and room; head waitress, $25: cham-
bermaid and wall some. $18 and room; waitress.
$20 and room; chambermaid. $4 a week and
room: 4 waitresses, city, $20, 5 hours' work:
waitress, $15 and room: cook. $10 a week and
room. MARTIN'S, 749 Market sU
GIRL, GOLDEN GATE AYE, $18: GIRL,
Alameda, Cal., $-.0; eIM, Fulton at., $20: girl,
Washington st. 920; 2 jilrls. Oouyh St., $25; girl,
Octavla si.. $25; kID, Santa Barbara, Cal., $25;
gin, stelner «t., *V 0: girl, Scott st., $20; girl, Polk
St., $V 0; sirl. Webster st., $J0 girl. Pine at, $80.
MARTIN'S, 749 Market st,
OOK AND SFCONDOIRL, $40. MARTIN'S,
) 749 Market st.
WAITRESSES, $20; 6 HOUSEWORK, SEE
party 3p. K. MARTIN'S, 749 Market at.
A WAITRESSES AND PABLO AIDS, ALSO
T second girls. $20 and $25; 4 cooks. German
sty c, $25 and $30; 3 German and English nurses,
$"J0 and $26; 3 waitresses and chambermaid,
$20 anil $25, and a large number of clris for cook-
Ing and housework. J. F. CROSKTT <si CO., 316
Sutler at. BlaSi
IltlsH WAITRESS AND CHAMBERMAID,
hotel, a short distance. $20. J. F. CROSETT A
CO., 316 Sutter su
COMPETENT LAUNDRESS WITH THE
best of reference, desires a situation. J. F.
CROSKTT A CO., 316 Sutler St.
\Y AITRKSS, COUNTRY HOTEL. $2- 50;
ii waitress, country hotel, $2i>; and $16; laun-
dress, country laundry, *26: hotel cook, $30;
cook, private family. $25; waitress, hotel, city.
$20; 6 girls, housework. $15 and $20; 4 young
girls loassltt, $16 and $10. C. R. HANSKN &
CO., 110 Geary st.
WAXTED-3GEHMANOK SCANDINAVIAN
II cooks. $30; French nurse, Oakland, $21); sec-
ond and sewing, ?20; young girls to assist, $10,
$12 and $15. LKON ANDRK, 316 Stockton st •
C W K DISH OR GKRMAN COOK, 533, SMALL
O wash: German cook, $36; German, or Swed-
ish cook and co« , stairs work. $25: Bgiils t.> Mil
positions. $16. $20. German Employment Office.
»ot> Mason at.
"yOUNG NEAT SWEDISH GIRL, 4 MONTHS
-I from Sweden, wishes to do general housework:
small wages. 613 McAllister sU, nr. Van Ness aye.
yOOSG WOMAN WOULD LIKE POSITION
X as housekeeper. 144 Fifth st room 6.
CHIRTMAKKRSWANTKDONLADI'-S'SILK
0 shirt waists; to work in factory. 840 Market.
WANTED- i.IRt, TO TAKE CARE OF
ii children. Call at 1151 Octavla sU
WANTED— GOOD, STEADY FINISHER,
pants. 66u Fourth st.
1 I X TAYLOR ST.— PROTESTANT WOMAN
-It/ for housework: $10 month; sleep home.
WAN TED— GIRL TO Do HOUSEWORK; 2
'i rooms. MRS. MKYERS, 947 Mission at.
APPRENTICE FOR DRESSMAKING. 2160
-£X Hamsun si., near Nineteenth.
YO"NO GIRLS AS WAITRESSES IN A
coffee saloon. 134 Powell st.
yOCSO GIRL T SEW AND ASSIST HOUSE-
X work; sleep home; wages $10. u'l 2020
Buchanan si. Thuisday afternoon, Friday an.
Saturday niofnlugi \, ' ;.
/COMPETENT STENOGRAPHER AND TYPE-
\J writer; must nave " bad experience in law
office. Address Lawyer, box 88, Call Office, stat-
ing name., H Rt .. experience, speed, qualiUcalions
generally and salary expected.
BEIP WANTED- Confirm**.
I YOUNG GERMAN GIRL, UPSTAIRS WORK
| X and waiting: wages $12. Call Wednesday and
Thursday lorenoon, 15^2 O'Farrell si.
I FRENCH ART TAUGHT IN ONE LESSON;
< X canvassers wanted. 1141 Market St., room 15.
| yOU.NO GIRL, 16 OR 17. TO TAKE CARE OF
JL 3 children and ass. in housework. Apply 150
Steuart st.
"UT AN TED— A GERM A N WOMAN TO TAKE
"» care of infant. Apply 2409 Washington st.
5C FOR A LOAF FRESH BREAD AND PINT
pure milk at the Economy Store, 917 Mission.
EXPKRIKNCED OPERATORS ON FLAN-
J-i nel overshirts and underwear. .L.EVI
STRAUSS & CO., 32% Fremout SU
! T> RIGHT LADY AGENTS FOR HOUSEHOLD
; -13 necessity; goud pay. Address A., box 46, Call.
LEARN DREbSCUTTING AND MILLINERY;
SI per week; unlimited lessons; patterns
25c. McDowell Dressmaking School, 636 Market.
£1 C LARKIN— BRANCH OFFICE OF THK
Ult) Call: subscriptions and want ads. taken.
VI OST CONVENIENT AND RESPECTaBLK:
lil Winchester Bousx, 44 Third sU, near Market:
200 room*: 26c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to $d
per week: free 'bos and baggage to and from ferry.
WASTED- 10 YOUNG LADIES TO LEARN
• 1 barber trade: si. op to Open May 1. Particu-
lars call 138% Eighth aU, S. F. Barber College.
I^LYNN'S DRESSMAKING AND CUTTINU
X 1 Academy. 14 McAllister St.: $1 a week.
1 AWRENC3 CUTTING SCHOOL IS THE
XJ only reliable place for patterns: every one
uaranteed to be perfect. 1231 Market su
11|; NINTH ST —BRANCH OFFICE OF
X I" Ths Call; subscription and want ada
taken.
MALE HELP WASTED.
ANTED — BUTLER, WITH CITY REF-
" erences, $40; cook tor hotel, German or
Frenclj, $80 to $90: waiter. $30; man about chick-
enyard, small wages, country, etc ANDRE'S,
316 Stockton st
O COLORED \v AITERS, HOTEL, $25. C R.
— HA>i-EN & «.0., 110 Geary st.
2 NEAT HO. EL WAITERS WITH DRKSS
suits, $30: pantryman, hotel, *20: C.R.HAN-
REN & CO., 110 Geary su
V EAT, NTEEL BARKEEPER FOR FIRST-
-i.^ class saloon, $65. C. R. HANSEN & CO.,
110 Geary st.
ANTED— QUARTZ MINERS, 52 60 AND
•i $2'7sday; 6-iiorse teamster, SHO: fruit farm-
er and wife, $30: Scandinavian milker. #20; 4
Italians to clear land.: and others. Apply toJ.F.
CROSETT & CO., 623 .-acramento sU
OHEEPHKRDER ISO AMD i OUND. BRUSH-
-0 maker: farmer, to rent 700 acres. R T.
Wa .D & C ■> , 6JB and 610 Clay st.
\>. AITER, f7 A WEKK; GERMAN COOK.
" $M 5 and room; cook, $20 and room. MAR-
TIN'S, 749 Marke at.
GLABSBEVELBR WANTED — MUST BE
all-around man state wage* expected. I* a
AiiKe Art Glass Co., 625 South Broadway, Los
AnijßleK, ( al.
GOOD BARBER WANTS STEADY PLACE
for Wednesday afternoon and Saturday or Sat-
urday and Sunday. Address ALBERT-UIiORGE,
box 18, Call Office.
Wanted- 2 barbers for Saturday,
at 66tiVa Howard su
"lIT ANTED— YOU.NO MAN FORCIT\ DRUM-
-11 mer; acquainted with tan y goods trad Ad-
dress F. G. 1., box 108. Call Office, with references.
AX 1 " ANTED— HANDY MAN AROUND HOTEL;
11 small wages. 4i9 Rrannansk
rpil JEWELERS AND WATCHMAKERS—
J. Small store to rent at 737 V 2 Market st.
OPTICIAN. ONE WHO Is THOROUGH RE-
frHCllonial and good salesman. 0., box 6, Call.
■yOUNG MAN TO DKIVE MILK WAGON
I and also stab eman: reference. 2410 l-olsom.
SH<. EM. \KKRB WANTED ON MEN'S SHOES.
0 20 -A Filth st.
— . ,
t-< hair BARBKR-8HOP; GOOD PAYING
•' stand; 4 fine livlng-roomi; no reasonable < ft'-r.
Call Immediately 40sy 2 sixth su
__
UTANIED— CARRIAGE PAINTER TO BUY
"» shop; work ror two men. G. G., box 3, Call
Office.
bOYS FROM 14 TO 17 YEARS OF AGE. AP-
ply 200 Suiter st.
BARBER-SHOP FOR SALE; RUNNING 3
chairs steady; best location in city. Apply Call.
/"IOMPETKNT STENOGRAPHER AND TYPE-
\J writer: must have hod experience in law
office. Address I.a«y.r, box 88, Cal Office, stat-
ing name, ace. experience. speed, qualifications
generally and sa ary expected.
7 ' I RST - CLASS MECHANICAL DENTIST
F wanted; none mit a skilled workman need ap-
ply. Apply at the National Dental Company, room
412, Parrolt building.
WAST D— SOBER INDUSTRIOUS MAN TO
ii assUt in light indoor business; must be satis-
fled with $1» per week ana have $16u cash. Ap-
ply 777 Market st., room 7.
WASTE : —$200 ON GOODSKCURITY; WILL
11 assist to get position in return. A. It. M., box
144, Call Office.
TV" ANTED— STEADY. RELIABLE MAN OR
it position in country: must have $5 expense
money. Call after 10 a. m.. 9 oeary, room •-'.
SH< 'emakek wanted TO take part of
store with a titter. SHIRLEY, 1006 Webster.
GREEN HANDS, SKAMKN AND BLACK-
VX smi.hs for ships at HERMAN 1 ."?, 037 Clay st.
\l' ANTKD— SALESMAN EXPERIENCED IN
1 1 school supplies. Whltaser-Ray C 0. .723 Markt
BARBKR^— FUR KMI'LOYMKNT CALL SKC.
i) P. C. Barbers' Assn. m. FUCHS, 325 Grant ave.
JOI'R.NtVMtN KAK'I. KMPi.OVMKNr
secretary .H. BKRNARD. 102 seventh St.
ARBKR-SHOP, 3 CHAIRS: MUST SEIL AS
owner is leaving city. 1103y Folaom st.
AKBER WASHSTANDS, 1, 2 AND 3 BOWIS
cheap. H. HUFsCHMIDT. 623 Golden Gate ay
1 ADIES' AND GENTS' MISFIT SHOES
JLj bought and exchaoged; new vamps and sec-
oud-liand shoes lor sale; large stock; shoes made
to order: be* stock; work guaranteed: all kinds
of repairing. 74!» Mission, nearOrand Opera-bouse.
"WANTED— AN IDEA; WHO CAN THINK
1 1 of some simp'.e thing to putent? 1 rotect your
lde»s: they may bring you wealth. Wiite JOHN
WKDDERBURN& CO., Dept. L, Patent Attor-
neys. Washington, I), c. for their $1800 prize
offer and new list of lOL'O Inventions wanted.
EH HO HOU->K. Bb3V 3 MARKET isT.— xtuOMd
20c, 25c to 600 night; $1 to %i wees.
OCOj- MISSION — SUBSCRIPTIONS AND
— 1» —\ ) want ads taken tor THE CALL.
Ki»T IN CITY— SINGLE ROOMS, 15, 20 AND
35 cents per night: $1. $1 ii, $1 60 per week,
l'aclnc House, Commercial and Leldeadorfl als.
1 1 « NINTH ST. — BRANCH OFFICE OF
1 Jl) The Call; subscript ion and waul ads.
taken.
I. XUNSWICK HOUSE, 148 SIX ST.: OPEN
<>. all night; rooms 25c to $1 per night; $1 25 to
$6 per wees. J. G. DRAKE, Manager.
STYLISH AND DURABLE CALF SHOES
made to order, $2 60. 959 Howard, nr. Sixth.
TjKCRUITB WANTED FOR the U. 8. ma
J.Vrlne Corps. U. S. Able-bodied unmar-
ried men between the ages of 21 and 30 years
who are citizens of the United Spates, or those
who have legally declared their Intention to be-
come such: must be of good character an habits
and able to speak, read and write English and be
between 6 feet 6 Inches and 6 feet in beichL For
further Information apply a the Recruiting Office,
20 Kills su, San Francisco, Cat
ROOMS 15c To 76c PER N IGHT; 600 TO 81 6U
ii per week. Oriental. 225 Drumm st.
INGLE FURNISHED ROOMS: 15c A NIGHT
0 76c week. Llndell House, Sixth and Howard.
WANT ADS AND SUBSCRIPTIONS FOR
The Call are taken at Branch Office, south-
west corner Sixteenth and Mission sis,
W ANTED, To COLLECT WAGES DUE LABOR
11 frs&clerks. KNoX Collection Acer. 110 Suttst
riIRY ACME HOUSE. 957 MARKET ST.. BK-
-1 low Biz tn. for a room: -5c a night: $1 a wee*.
I f\(\ MEN TO TAKE LODGING AT 10c, 150
i 'J\J and 20c a nlgnu Including coSw» auu roiU.
t24 Washington su, near Kearny.
«)EOi- MISSION ST.— BRANCH OFFICE OF
— *J~*\J Tux Call; Bubscrtptlons ana want ads
taken.
UT ANTKD— LABORERS AND MECHANIC!!
to know that Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprie-
tor, still runs Denver H0u5e,. 217. Third sU: 15J
large roams; -5c per night; $1 to $3 per week. ."
■posEDALE. 321 ELLIS ST.— SINGLE FUR-
i-t nisfaed rooms, -Oc to 25c night, $1 to $1 50 wit
sim on wants 100 Mr.N to i.kt BOT-
• tie beer or wine 6c : best free lunch. 643 Clay.
INCHEST XX HOUSK. 44 THIRD ST., NX
11 MarKei: 200 rooms, 25c a night: reading-
room: free bus and baggage to and ]rom the ferry.
ANTED— ROOMS, 16c A DAY: *1
week; rooms for 2. 26c a day. $1 60 a w«elc;
read ing- room: daily papers. 86 Clay at.
\\f ANTKD. YOUR SHOES— WE REPAIR
'• shoes up to 9 o'clock every night: those work-
ins through the day can have their atxoes repaired
at nlgui while you wait: laaies' soling, 35c; meat
•ollng, 60c: fine shoes made to order from $2 up.
we have a lot of aho*i« been damaged by water, at
less than one-fourth ' their value, from 26c up tj
*2 60. 662 Mission st., bet. First a- and becond
AGENTS WANTED.
WANTED — LADY AND GENTLEMAN
• gents to sell beit household article out: big
profits. Call bet. 12 and 1, and 6 and 7p. it. 518
.Hermann st.
» GENTS— BRYAN'S BOOK, "THE FIRST
±\. Battle." Apply or address for territory, F.
Person, manager subscription department, THE
WHIT.MCER oe, RAY COMPANY, 7--S MarKet St.
- ' ■— ——
WANTED-MISCELLANEOUS.
Qi^Ci BONUS WILL BE PAID TO ANY ONE
0 - " securing position for young lady In s ore
or office. Address W. \V., box 51, Call Office.
WANTED TO RENT— BY RESPONSIBLE
'• parties, furnished hotel. Address Z, box 14,
Call office.
STEKKoPTICON WANTED; CHEAP. L.
GILLETJ.2OI South Firs. St., an Jose Cal.
BUILDINGS y.ij,. OUT; LUilßi-.K, SASilKs^
doors, mantels, eta, for sale. 1166 Mission si.
S" ell your BOOKS, clothing and JEW-
-0 dry to A. KLEIN. 109 Sixth St.; send postaL
LOST.
STRAYED-1 RED COW. FINDER WILL
be rewarded at 1822^ Howard st.
LOST — TERRIER BITCH; WHITE,
black and tan head; chain collar; reward. 25
Tenth st.
LOS i -PASSBOOK WITH THE HIBER.MA
Savings and Loan Society of Sun Francisco In
the name of HANNAH OPPENHEIM, No.
2,071,623. The finder win please return to bank.
BRANCH OFFICE OF THE CALL. 167 NINTH
st.: want ad-, and subscriptions taken.
FOUND.
L'OUXD— SHEEP; 18TH INST.; OWNER
• can recover same by proving property and
paying expet sea 3044 Twenty-fourth at.
ATTORSEYS-AT-LAW.
ADVICE FREE: DIVORCE LAWS A SPEC-
ialty: private; no fee without success: probate.
Insolvency, wills, collections, bills of sale, deeds,
damages, etc. ; private detectives: esCab. 10 years.
G. W. HOWE, 850 Market at., corner Stockton su
ADVICE FREE; NO CHARGE UNLESS SUC-
±\. cessful. W. W. DAVIDSON, 927 Market st.
T> W. KING, ATTORNEY- A T-LAW, CHRON-
J-t. lcle building: advice tree; lowfe>s: all cases.
ADVICE FREE; NO CHARGE UNLESS SUC-
-tt. cessfui. J. G. JEFFRkSS. 632 Mark«U rm.;'i
PHYSICIANS.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL, 1206 MARKET, RES.
2864*25 th st. : diseases of women aspeclalty.
LODGING-HOUSES FOB SALE.
QA ROOM HOUSE ON MARKET ST $1400
iJ" 22- room house. only g 400
65 rooms, cor. 3,0001 14 rms on Sutter 700
11 rs., must sell 20 >\ 66 mis, best city .3, SOU
H. C. DECKER, lU'^o Maiket sk, opp. Flftn.
CjOXfl 31-ROO.M HCUSk; ROOMS ALL
$POO\J. rented. H. C. DECKER, 1020 MarkeU
*UVVI LODGING-HOUSE, SEAR MARKET;
"«*'• 2.) well-furnished rooms; rent low:
a .w a-, s full: best class of roomers. A. 8. LESS,
10^2 Market st.
ffl?O^no FIRST-CLASS LODGING-HOUSE,
•„ £.')\J\J. 44 roomi; a neat, clean and paying
houKe well located; r-a-on for selling fully ex-
plain, d. Apply immediately ALDEN-GARFIELD
('•(.. 902 Broadway. Oak laud.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
A MONEY-RAISING SALE— 3O DAYS ONLY
-£\. Bedroom sets, 3 pieces $9 80
Solid oak dining chairs 750
4-rooui furniture outfit $67 50
Brussels carpet, laid 65c yard
SHIKKK & >HIREK. 747 Market St., oppo«tt«
Grant aye.
I7"OR BALE— 2 FOLDING-BEDS, BUREAU.
Call morning. 1406 Hyde st.
\ T L. J. ANN'S, 117 SIXTH. FOR
- V lowest prices on household roods: new or gooi
t i new : cas ■ or on time: open evetilnes.
FURNITURE WANTED.
IU'U.VITURE. STOVES, CARPETS. COUN-
-L ters. showcases. ANDERSON, 1121 Market.
IF YOU WANT GOOD PRICKS FOR FURNI-
tore and merchandise see IJURD, 211 Larkin,
HIGHER PRICK THAN ANYWHERE
J-lliv Indian* Aucrlon CO.10&7 MHrkPt.opp.Jonai
' I
CARPET CLEANING.
pARPETS CLEANED, RENOVATED LIKE
VJ new J. iicCJUEEN, 4S3 Stevenson. Tel. 5.228.
CITY STEAM CARPET CLEANING WORKS:
cleans, moves, lavs carpets. G. H. SI EVES*
M^tr. 38 and 40 i-.ignib a;.; telephone South 250.
WHEN YOU BECOME DISGUSTED WITH
*» poor work send to SPA ULDING'S PloneerCar-
pet-beating Works. 353-57 Tehama st.; tel. So. 40.
pARPET-« LEANING, 3c: LAYING, So; RUG
\J samples free; teL Jessie 914. Stratton, 3 Bth st.^
ADVANCE CARPET-CLEANI:VU CO., 402
Sutter: tel. Main 394. GEO. \V ALI prop.
J WATTS, reliable carpet-cleaniiig renovtar. alter-
. atlon works. 408 McAllister. J el. Jessie 321.
________^________^^
C CARPETS CLEANED A RENOVATED LIKE
.'new. 23 Tent ; lei. South 30. Mackintosh & Co.
JR. MITCHELL, CARPET-CLEANING CO..
. 240 14th su : cleaning So a yard. Tel. Mis. 74.
pON KLIN'S CAKPKT - BEATING WORKS
\J 833 Golden Gate Jive. Telephone Kast l'J6.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
PALL AND HEAR NEW STYLE BRUENN
* pianos; patent sounding-board; new principle;
the delight and wonder of nil musicians. 228 I'osu
ON PIANOS, WITHOUT REMOVAL: VERY
low interest: no com mission. 116 McAllister st.
BEST BARGAINS IN THK CITY FOR THE
X) next 6 days at MAUVaIS', 769 Market St.
LEGANT BKUKNN PIA >O; GoOD Is
new; sacrifice. BRUENN'S, 228 Post st.
ACTUALLY" THE BKST BARGAINS IN PI-
J:\- anos; mun hi v pa •• ments from 5 6 up; deliv-
er, d free with soil and cover; correspondence
solicited. THE F. W. &PENOER COMPANY,
salesrooms 933 Market si., opp. Masoa; estab
lished over 20 years.
(&lnA UPRIGHT IN GOOD CONDITION; A
«IpXU\/. bargain. BRUENN'S, 228 Post St.
T7LKGANT STEINWA V UPRIGHT FOR SALE
Xj on account of departure; 8 petals. THi. F
W. bPENCER COMPANY, 4,33 Market St., opn.
Mason. * *^
©1 9 A HAZELTON UPRIGHT, STOOL.
<3)lii.V/. cover; $5 lnstallmtg. 221 Leavenworth.
YOU ARE WELCOME TO CREDIT AT
X BRUENN'S piano honse, 228 Post st.
ABSOLUTELY THE OLDEST AND LARGEST
house west of Chicago is KOHLEK *;
CHASE'S. 26, 28 and SOo'iarrell st.; pianos or-
gans and all other musical Instruments 01 all
grades and prices; terms easy: prices lowest,
everything possible done to please and satisfy the
customer. . '
. ONA FI " K REDUCTION IN PRICES-
«L* llalnes. Kuabe, Bush & Gerts and others: sec
ond-hand pianos from $100 up. W. 6 HAMIL-
TON. successor to A. L. Bancroft & Co., 324 1 Ost
rvUR RENT CONTRACT PLAN ENABLES
vT» x Ve , r> fa ? / " have " fll) e new piano. SHKR-
MAN, ILAt A CO.. Kearny and Suiter sts.
A DMINISIRATOR'S SALE _ MUST SELU
>n. pianos at Immense reduction for cash or on
lna. aliments. EATON ESTATE, 735 Market.
WHY PAY RENT FOR A PIANO WHEN
" tne same mon hly payments will purchase
oueatbHEKMAN. CLAY a CO.'S.
rpHE BKST PIANOS OF EVERY GRADE,
A from >teln way down, can be found at cHKR-
MAN, CLAY & CO.'S.
BAUGAIN. Kl.Nt LAKGK UPRIGHT.CHEAP
SCHMITZ. 16 McAUlst«T,next Hibernta Bank.
AT SHERMAN, CLAY & CO.'S ONLY WILL
•c*- you find a stock of new steinway pianos
HORN UNO'S PIANO; MOST PERFECT;
brilliant and powerful tone. 216 Post su
Yy O. BADGER. SOLE A«'ENT FOR HALLET
■ '» .A Davis and Francis Bacon pianos. 415 sacta
pIANO- SOLD AT SHERMAN, CLAY dfc CO.'S
■«- on very easy payments.
A SHAW, STKINWAY $260. CHICKERIXG
tlS6;great bargains: s4 mo HiilNE.l36 Kl!ti
BYRON MALZY. 808 PoST ST.— sOHMEK,
ewbv A Evans, Brings and other pianos.
OUPKRIOR VIOLINS. ZITHKR.s, OLD* NEW
>JH. MULLER. mak»r. repxirer 2 la.bam placn.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
FOR SALE— WKLL-PAYING SALOON WITH
good cash trade 232 Third St.
A NIMATOSCOPK— PKOJKOTING LIVING
-ii- pictures. Animaioscope, 933 MrkL, 7th floor.
M E WSPAPKII ROUTE IN INTERIOR CITY
Xi close to ban Francisco. For particulars apply
this office.
qqn ha yes— branch office OF THE
*J«J«y Calx.; subscriptions and want ads taken.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
HIGHF.bT CASH PKICE^TpaTd
ture, restaurant, saloon fixtures tin! erocer-
stocks. STENBERG. 632 Market: tel main 1043.
|Q()fi SALOON. MARKET ST.. FINELY
<Z>lO"\J. fitted. STKNB 1 G, 632 Market it.
i^fiOO KKSTAURANT NORTH OF IUKV
<TJ")V'W. ketsu.dolns good business: low rent; W"
part cash. bTEXBERG A CO.. 632 Market st . '
<2; 700 C ° FFEE saloon and chop-
s' • v/v. house: finely fitted up; block nor of
Market St.: trial given. S. EN BERG, 632 Market
OLD KSTABLISHED. BIST PAY
tFUUU. ing grocery and bar in th- Mission-
must be sold; owner i.as other business; Invest!?*!
tion; living-rooms STJKNBKRO, 632 Market su
01:0^0 SALOON; ELEGANTLY 1
«li OU\'. bock north of Market st.; low rent-
stocked with tine liquors, cigars, etc • private
rooms: owner lias her business: makes biesac-
nfice; investigate this. BTtNBERO, 832 Market!
BRANCH BAKKRY.sTATIOXERY
tJPUUU. »nd school supplies: good location-
-I.vine-rooms,. vine-rooms, furniture included; near a school-
good, steady business. A. S. X-Ess, 1032 Market.
©OAA CORNER SALOON, WITH 5 LIVING
<pOUU. rooms, building Included; no opnosi"
tlon; cheap ground rent: long lease; worth Slhio
to any one: owner must leave the city; must ba
sold at once. A. ». LESS, 1032 Market st.
Q» JHO SALOON, N. OF MARKET; 4 FINE
tp^\J\J. furnished rooms: kitchen; -torerooms 1
fine stock: best location; cheap rent; great, m bar-
gain ever offered: owner baa other large interests.
A. S. LESS, 1032 Market st.
ffl|C'AA MEAT MARKET ACROSS TH BA Y-
tJPUWU. refrigerators, cash register. 2 hones
and wagons; steady run of first-claa* trade, which
can be verified; Immense bargain. A. a. LL>s
1032 Market st.
a>9X A PARTNER WANTED IN FIRBT-
Vi£O\J. class old-established meat market-
situated on choice corner north of Market st,-'
horse and cart: prefers partner to hired help. a*.
a. LESS, 1032 Market st.
fflj QXn OYSTER AND CHOP HOUSE: BEST
tlTOiJtf. location north of Market: receipts
$750 to $1000 per month; worth $600. A. s
LKSS, 10.-2 Market st.
<D» 1C /v COFFEE BAI.O ' AND CHOP.
<IP * O\J. house: between l<irse buildings: steady
trade. A. S. LKSS, 1032 Market su
flJjr.OO SALOON IN THE BUSIEST MIN-
rIpOUU. ing district in the State. A, 8. LESd,
1032 Market st.
(2JI9AA CORNER ROAD HOUSE WlTfi%i,
<I"^«"i rooms, gardens, sh«:s, etc.; estab- 'lp
llsbed 25 years and is one 01 the best known places |
of this kind here; bears investigation. A. 8. LESS, "
1032 Market st.
C»~I P. A SALOON WITH 4 NICE LIVING-
ttP-l-OV/. rooms: easily worth double; must jell
on account of sickness; a rare bargain. A. S.
LESS, 1032 Market si.
fIjOXA CANDY STORE AND FACTORY^
*K)*JO\J. the best location in the City; line ice-
cream parlor; elegant fixtures, A. S. LESS, 1032
Mark- 1 st.
f! r \OO SALOON WORTH MORE THAN IS
U)\J\J. asked for It: good location. TIIEJ
ROPERTY EXCHANGE, 850 Market it
T/IRST-CLASS REAL ESTATE MAN OR
JL woman wanted at PROPERTY EXCHANGE.
ffl»l7r NUMBER OF BRANCH BAKKRIK9
«II)1 O. and notion stores: *175 to $300. PROP-
ERTY EXCHANGE, 850 Market.
ffl»q7F: some good lodging-houses;
<TlOlc». doing good business; from $375 up.
PROPERTY EXCHANGE, b&O Market.
fflJl rfi LARGE LIST OF SALOONS; ALL
<piO\J. prices, from $50 to *3000. PROPER-
TY EXCHANGE, 850 Market.
RESTAURANT AND C >FPEB SALOON; OPP.
J-V depot; $176. DECKER. 1020 Market st.
0:97^ WILL BUY A FINE RESTAURANT;
VT— 1 I O. cheap rent: receipts from $12 to $15
a day; will bear investigation to this effect. 33
sixth, room 18.
GOOD CHANCE TO INVEST IN A PAYING
manufacturing business: entirely new. Ad-
dress Btsiueas, box 57, Call Office.
A Ti D-TO INVEST IN A SMALL CuF-
» l fee-house north of .Market and west of Kearny.
R. P., box 135. Call Office.
U«OR SALE— BRANCH BAKKRY AND LA UN-
J dry office: account of sickness. 137 Larkin st.
LMRST-VLA'-S SALOON, CHEAP; SALE AC-
X count of sickness. Call 119 Olive aye.
FOR SALE— GROCERY AND BAR; NO OP-
position. Inquire at call Office.
A LOON; EXAMINKR EXCHANGE. 643
Mission st. ; receipt* $8: make an offer.
pOFFKE SALOON AND CHOPHOUSE;
VJ nicely fitted up. 134 Powell st.
1 EAKN PARTICULARS OF PARTXFRbHIP
-1-i openins In thoroughly established and very
extensive business: actually worth ten times the >-v
$400 required. Particulars of N. D. SICK^LS, I
fiO Market st ¥
PAn INK 14 WAST/.D TO JOIN" ME IN PUR-
cbase of a splendid business In the line of
which I've had lone experience, and know the
opening in question to be exceptionally good: re-
quires only $760 for half interest, of which $350
may be pal 1 from the business if so desired, which
with pioper atien ion iiou d easily clear $3 00 to
$50J0ayear; present owner baa made a fortune
in last few years, but must hereatter devote undi-
vided attention to other interests; duties would be
principally office work; this proposition Is posi-
tively all right and I mean business, so none but
principals, naming lime and ulace for personal in-
terview, need apply. Address Opportune, dox 64.
Call Office, city.
pOMPKTENT GERMAN, STEADY HABITS,
\J with small capital, Is willing to fill position of
first foreman on bread in one of the largest bak-
eries in city and take part interest in same
Bakery, box 158, Call Office.
USINESs CHANCES: FINE CORNER
stationery and notion, with ranch bakery and
laundry office; cheap rent. Address B. E. D.,
box 144, Call Office.
OOD CHA.SCE IS OFFERED FOR A MAN
Vi that ur.dersiauds the delicacy business; very
few dollars required to start with. 1339 Park su,
A lamed a.
■yoUNG WIDOW WANTS A GENTLEMAN
-L partner; small capital. Room 8, 207 Post st.
1 . UTCHER.SHOP FOR SALE AT 339 FOURTH
■I > street.
rOli SALE-FIN ELY FURNISHED HOUSBt
X 10 rooms, all rented; cheap. 618 Taylor st.
"OESTAURaNT: GOOD PLACE FOR MAN
At and wife; cheap. 324 Lark in su
I AM WILLING TO INVEST FROM $300 TO
$400 looting for a good business opportunity.
S. T., box 3, Call Office, Oakland.
fflj 07 X SALOON ON BUSY STREET NORTH
»U'— 1 O . of Market: cheap rent and insurance,
lease, etc; no agents. Inquire Call office.
PAYING SALOON; GOOD LOCATION; DAILY
X receipts $10 to $12; must be sold account of
sickness. Inquire Call Office.
pORNERGROCKRY AND BAR FOR SALE:
v good location; will sellcbeap; going out of
business on account of Illness Apply this office.
IKsT MORTGAGE, $1200, 10 PKR CENT.
on flisl-clasa property, for sale at a discount;
mortgage due. Address H. C- 11., 32J Minna st.
I^OR SALE— DINING-ROOM; ESTABLISHED!
1 trade of 25 boarders; central location: r-nt#f-
boarded out. Address P. T., box 47, Call Office. W
A LOON" FOR SALE. INQUIRE McLEOD <t
HATIE, 615 Market sU
TATIONKRY- -TORE— OLD, GOOD-PAYING
place; nice for woman to make a good living.
Inquire Call Office.
CANDY. REAM AND SCHOOL SUP-
. plies for sale: near school; 4 sunny living
rooms and bath; reasonable. Apply Cu'.l Office.
PARTNER WiTH CAPITAL TO DEVELOP
.'- goldmine on mother lode; small capital. a.
BAIiUiR, Jim Town, Tuoiumn« County, Cai.
Hoi el OF su ROOMS to RENT ON the
Potrero. and furniture for sale; opposite the
Union Iron Works. 226 Michigan at
SALOON F > R SALE CHEAP; KITCHEN
O «nd sleeping room attached. For particulars
inquire at saloon 915 Mark t
CIGAR- STORK FOR SALE ON ACCOUNT OF
V de. th; cheap this week. 41 Fourth st.
ARE CHANCE; CHICKEN RANCH. AD-
dress G. G., 2460 Folsom st.
OS 1 F THK BEST SI ILK ROUTES IN ALA-
mtda County for sale: run by present owner
for 12 years; sickness cause of lug. Address
A. T. NE-WTH, box 1140, Alumeda, or at ranca
at Fitch burg.
PROSPEROUS REPUBLICAN WEEKLY
newspaper; golden opportunity: easy terms;
owner leaving. Address X, box 61, this office.
IJPOR S A \V E L L- A B 1.1 s H E D FANCY
. goods business in Oakland: suitable lor Lily
understanding fancy work comfortable living;
rooms ndjoliiin? -tore; pries very low. Address
box 12, Call Office, Oakland.
Saloon' for sale-, OLD established
and well known: finely fitted up; disagreement
of partners only cause of sale. Apply 33 Third si.
OF.')** MISSION — SUBSCKIPTIONss A.\L
~«J—U want ads taken tor The Call. ■
LATEST CAR FKNDKR PATENT: BEST IN
£-i ventioo. Apply 023 Golden Gate aye.
Tj^IRST-CLASS SALOON: StAK BALDWIN
J Hotel; must be sold at once; good reasons tor
selling: no agents. Address &TONK, box 114, call.
YOUNG EASTERN LADY \V.\ NTS GENT
-1- man partner: some means. 850 Market, r. 5.
CITY ROUTE FOR aALJi APPLY 11118
Office.: . HOUSES TO LET.
. IOOnBUSH — SUNNY HOUSE; 9 ROOMS;
1 J.JL v' yard; rent reasonable to a good tenant.
. r f\- JoNES— DOWNTOWN: S ROOMS AND
.pU i bath; $30. CMBSEN A CO.. 14 MontgvsU
"CL i 1 8 ROOMS AND BATH; NEWLY PA-
' tJVX • • prred; in good toadition. 2123 Mason st.
I C A(\ 1731 BROADWAY, NEAR GOUGU— B
I j3P'7". rooms: every convenience: marine view.
' 1J AD U.X.i.vTi I JMTKIi; $3. ISMITH.
'. JU collector, 14 McAllister St., rooms 10-11.
5 ROOMS; i33n CCND ST.: $15 Piiß
month. Key at 689 - econd st.
1 r- BOOMS; 637b Si CU.ND ST.; »17 Ph.K
•■>'. mo nth. Key at 639 Second st-
-5 BOOMS: NEW HOUSE; MODERN IM-
.provements: 4j Federa s - .; 515 per month to
"desirable tenants. Key at 539 .- econd su >
HU.DSfca 'xv ttA.vr iuK ViiKY littlk
money at JJai.i»\»la «k tlAAiAluNiJ'st Xj
. ."la'ontrorrerv «t
COTTAGES TO LET.
' /COTTAGE; 5 ROOMS AND BATH: 2503
.\J Lack in sU, beu Lombard and Greenwich;
. t«.nt $20. Apply DAViD STERN fe'SOKS, 20
' Montgomery si.
SUNNY COTTAGES OF 4 AND 5 ROOMS,
bath, basement, yard: cheap. Cor. Ijolores
■and ilfteemh sts.
•Q>r NICE COTTAGE; 5 • OVMS: BATH;
• t£.X*J. sunny, yard: cellr»r Key 711 Treat aye.
&rj AND $9: COTTAGES; 3 AND 4 KOOMS;
0 • (rood order. Apply on premises 945,Bry»nt
.St., WO. H. CMBSE.N ,v CO.. 14 Montgomery at.
. ' FLATS TO LET;
HANDSOME. SUNNY, NEW 4 ROOMS; ALL
modern; i heap r.;,t. 2927 Sacramento «U
■ Cft; FELL— FLAT OF 4 ROOMS; VAKDa.M)
*J\JO basement; rent 15.
"AY-WINDOW FLAT 3 KuOMS. 28 KITCH
su, near Fols m and Third.
• : rr- OWEK.I . FLATS-5 ROOMS; B\Trf;
.-. -Xii yard; $15. *18. 12 S&otwall st.,ur. Fourteenth.
. *
I*4<>*->1 SACRAMENTO — FLAT 5 ROOMS;
•'.'.XO— «_>■»; modern improvements: rent $16.
TIKM FLOOR, FRONT AND BACK PARLOR,
' • -F kitchen, washroom, basemen;, yard. 1205
jpoldeu Ga;e aye.
f J>'- RO|J M FLAT; FEDERAL PLACE. OFF FED-
[ I 'I t eral bi..: to a tenant without children; $10 per
- month. Key at 539 .-econd s;.
• V>H.EAP MODERN FLATS. b AND 6
rooms. $8 to *16: sen tu«-m. 523 Seventh st.
 t'LA'l.-i lv «K.\T Foil VKKV LITTLE
:■•" X.. money at EaluWl-N 6i Jiaxjio.nua v
■ '.• jSs'cntponiprv ft.
••..;••■ HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS.
I' ' • g. Birch Avenue.
. O~\ X BI™H AYE., blt. laguna AND bu-
•VJXtJ. chanan— 2 rooms and kitchen, $7.
" •' — Eddy Street.
: '7] Q EDDY — LARGE FRONT FURNISHED
1.1 room with kitchen, if 12: other ro ms.
•■ 1 ••
/ ' Eighth Street.
■ T HO EIGHTH— THR SE R OMS OF A FLAT.
;iUQ unturnlshed; large yard; rent cheap.
■-■ ; ' . loisom street.
Q7J. FOL6OM— NICE S'NNY FURNISHED
• «.' » "i rooms to let, for housekeeping; double or
. Single; reasonable.
'. c . ' ' i lilll street.
, /t9ftl FIFTH — FRONT ROOM AND KlTCH-
'■■' "*-Ca en furnished -.or nous 'keeping; first floor.
" . .• _ Jtuiion Street.
' lIP FULTON — 2 LARGE FURNISHED
X' 1 t) rooms compete for housekeeping; cheap;
-also single.
.- • Harrison Street.
■.-Woo HARRISON— THREE HOUSEKEEPING
. • I OO rooms; complete: bath.
..• ■ . Howard Street.
"J fiCC HOWARD— NICE SUNNY BAY-WIN".
X v/UO dow housekeeping rooms; also single
'. rooms; price reasonable.
; " ivearny streor.
99Q KKARNY-3 OK 6 ROOMS COMPLETE
«-«»■«_/ for housekeeping: also suit ami sing 8.
•OQn KEARNY — HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS
■ jZOU with gas or coal stove; other rooms.
L,arkla Street.
JJOQ LARKIN -3 SUNNY FRONT ROOMS
rX^-O for lipht housekeeping; terms moderate.
31arket Street.
' 1 ft9Q MARKET--2 ROOMS, $7; 2 ROOMS,
. X\J — O furnl,h»-d. 510.
IKOfc MARKET— 2 NICK ROOMS; HOUSE-
•I" — O keeping; furnished or unfurnished.
JU.UIIIK >t •■•aa..
-■ rrOI MINNA - HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS;
I O"± che«p; no children.
Mission Street.
•0-17 MISSION - FRONT ROOM AND
O~t I kitchen; furnished for housekeeping.
"1 MISSIO —CHEAPEST CLEAN SUN-
-. J-UUG ny rooms: housekeeping; and o hers.
Montgomery Street.
■ CO- MONTGOMERY, COR. CLAY — OPEN
. OZ. t until V:8 o'clock: branch office of The
.Call; subscriptions and want ads taken.
■,).'".'."■; . Octavta Street.
1 AfiO OCTAVIA, CUR. GEARY— SUNNY
■ J jUO bay-window, with kitchen; coal or gas
stove.
I'ine Street.
.On 7 PINE. NEAR" POWELL — 3 FUR-
OU I 'nlahtd house-keeping rooms with bath; also
otn<;r rooms.
i out Street.
■ fiOl POST— LARGE AND SMALL FURNISH-
. UOI ed room, housekeeping; gas »:ove: bath.
'• 71 'POST-SUITE unfurnished PAR-
I JU Inrs; also suite furnished bunsekpg rooms.
South Park.
.^7l SOUTH PARK— *URNISHKD FRONT
0. I 2 snlte: bath; light bousakeepins-
.'. ' - beventb street.
SEVENTH— 3 FURNISHED ROOMS. COM-
'p.<jte for housekeeping; '1 beds; no children un-
der 12.
.:. ' ilnrti Hum.
1 fifi l THIRD ST. — NICELY FURNISHED
J U. 02 housekeeping rooms: very reasonable,
V\" KOOMS TO LET.
Eddy Street.
SEDDY, CORNER POWELL— FURNISHED
front rooms; $6 to $10 per month.
V 1 C EDDY— SUNNY. CLEAN FURNISHED
J. 1 O rooms 96 up; also housekeeping; noirau-
• ■tont;' .
: •• •' • Eighth Street.'
"O HERMAN APARTMKNT HOUSE. 28 BTH
O su. near Market: furnished and unfurnished.
-V".; 1-iii, Street.
. PPTAIi HOUSE, 126 ELLIS — INCATOK^-
' jli cent lights in every room: read in*- room, con-
taining dat.y paters: smoking-room and ladles'
•parlor; open all night: rooms per night, 35c to
.51 &U; week, 52 io tH: month. $8 to <3U; fir* es-
capes;' elevator on office floor; annex of 65 rooms
tow ready : hot and cold water in each room; bams.
THE RAMON A, 130 ELLIS, MRS. KATE 8.
•X HART, manager— A quiet boo«»: centrally lo-
cated; neniy furnished; elevator; hot <fc cold water.
Fifth! street.
THE COSMOPOLITAN — SELECT FAMILY
hotel: 100 Fifth St., cor. Mission rooms
60c; 75c and *1 per night: $2 to $5 per week.
•;'•' /.:.. Franklin Street.
9f)l FRANKLIN — 1 6UKNY FRONT H00M;
~VJ I .$6 per, month.
Oe<«ry Street.
"10° G EARY — E. EGANTLY FURNISHED
J- '•■• bunny roomr; en suite or single; offices.
Ql X GKARY ST., OPP. UNION !-Q' ARE—
•4^J O 4 unfurnisoed rooms; key at il7 Geary eu
il"i-X GEARY— SUNNY KOi Ms: SUITE OR
■ I O single: loldlng-bei.s if uesired: reasonable.
/ ' li hi slit Street.
O9A lIAIGHT- FURNISHED SUNNY AL-
■*- i — v/ cove rooms with kitchen and piano.
■' . • *»ov»»ra Mies .
QflC HOWARD—ELEGANTLY FURNISHED
(/vu looms. Miss L. DEAN, proprietress.
(JfiQ HOWA FURNISHED ROOMS IS
•jVOt/ suites or single.
KOOMS TO LET— Continued.
iiurrisou Street.
QOC HARRISON — FURNISHED FRONT
t/ — O room: (4.
tlone* street.
907 JONES— THK UN WINKLK: NEW
—VI I management: elegant sunny suites and
single: newly furnished: bath, etc.: »10 to s3o.
9] ■% JONES— FRONT ROOM rOK GENTLE-
—■ • ' man, gas and bate, $6; double room, $12
a month.
Kimimv Street,
A RLINOTON HOUSE. 127 KEARNY —
— i Pleasant sunny rooms, en suite and single; first
class In ever.- respect: term* reasonable.
Lexington Avenue.
OC^l LFXINGTON AYE.-3 NICE SUNNY
«-»< -1 furnished rooms and bath; complete for
housekeeping; rent $18.
Lily Avenue.
1 °,A. LI^Y AYE.— TO LET: SUNNY FRONT
X«JI room: furnished for lady; reasonable.
Ma.ket Street.
1 ADO MARKET-NICE SUNNY FRONT
XUt, — room: well furnished: suitable for man
and wile or 2 gentlemen: also housekeeping rooms,
reasouable.
yiiSKMITE HOUSE. 1045 MARKET-PEU
X night, $35 to $1 ; week, 91 60 to $5; families.
<■)") MAI.KKT -NICELY FURNISHED
— — sunny suite; also single rooms.
1 -%n£ MA KKET — SUNNY FRONT AND
i«JV7Uback rooms; suitable for offices; terms
moderate.
Mason street.
8 MASON. COR. MARK FT (ALBEMARLE)—
O Nicely farn «h<>d sunny front rooms on Market
St. : suite or single; suitable for offices.
Minna Street.
JQI MINNA. BET. bill AND 6TH— NICE
*i •)A front looms, ss nio.uu; hot, cold waier baths.
-il i.vmiiii street.
TTANCOCK HOUSE, 781 MISSION: RELECT
XX family rooming-house: $1 60 to * 6 per week.
SOO MISSION — LARGE FROM SUNNY
»';O room, ouitaole for housekeeping; $10.
9 V 1 MISSION— SINGLE AND EN SUITE;
i —— J. rant reasonable; sunny.
')*; 1 MI-SION — sUNNY FRONT ROOM;
L~O\- gentleman; bath; rent $7; also single.
— ■ i
Jiew Montgomery .Street.
FATGO HOUSE. 105 NEW MONTGOMERY—
Sunny furnished single rooms 75c to* 1 25 week.
o'l arrnll »u°n<)>.
7 AC O'FARRELL— KLEG A NT SUNNY
lUO rooms; first-class bo.rd: reasonable.
I'oet srree;.
600 POST — ELEGANTLY FURNISHED
— «- rooms: bath; hot, cold wa.er: $8; sunny
suites; feasonaOle.
Q9Q POST — ELEGANTLY FURNISHED
«./— O front sul.e: toi.et and bath connected.
fcixth Street.
Q9 FIXTH — QUIET SUNNY ELEGANT
00 rooms; ill conveniences; fireproof building.
MHllill MI'CO..
-I A*) SEVENTH ST., GIRARD HOUSE— ELK.
-li— gam furn. suites, kitchen: also single rooms
Meveuson Street.
Af\O STEVENSON — NEWLY FURNISHED
"i\Jij rooms and housekeeping; cheap; with or
without board.
Z>ZX STEVEVhON— 2 FRONT ROOMS, FUR-
-000 nished, one large and one small.
701 BTEVKNSON, OFF NINTH— LARGE
10l furnished room: use of bath.
Stevenson Street.
-Q 4 STEVENSON - FURNISHED ROOM,
i O"i with use of bath; $6 a month.
Muck, on .Street.
THE EUROPEAN, 17 STOCKTON— FUR-
n:<ihe<I suites from it to 9 10 a week; single
rooms, «1 ■ 0 to $:< a week: hot aud cold w»;»r In
every room: baths: transient specialty: tlev"tor.
butter Street.
J.9H GUTTER. NR. POWELL— ELEGANTLY
I—'' newly furnished light su 1 ny r< .orris, office-.;
bath; central; reasonable; appreciated if seen by
doctor.
Turk Street.
C IO TURK— LIGHT HOUSEKEEPING SUN-
«.JIO ny room; running water; grate: gas and
bath: $10.
"Webster Street.
99-1 O WEBSTER - SUNNY NEWLY FUR-
—— 1O nished rO'itris fur gentlemen: references.
Miscfllitneou*.
SW. COR. SIXTEEN IH ST., NEAR MISSION:
branch office of Tux Call. Subscriptions and
want ads tak> n.
BOARDING AND KOO3IS.
•j-io EDDY-LOVELY HUNNY ROOM FOR 2,
'iI.Z, wl h board ; $20 each.
BOY Oil GIRL EMPLOYED DURING THE
day to board, or a child; terms moderate. 110
Austin St., oil Polk, near Plots.
7»?X PINE (X EN (IV A)— NEWLY FUR-
-1 — O nished suites and single rooms; service
strictly first-class: references.
7-1 9 POST— NICELY FURNISHED ROOMS,
11 — with board, suitable for -2; $20 each: parlor.
"ljfn VAN N>SS. COR. BUSH— SUNNY
i.~±V) L double and slncla rooms with board; 'el.
OTKL B-.RTLI.NG. 714 B S-H-A FAMILY
hotel: re-It redcev. a'l modern conveniences.
CUXLDKE^ BOAKDIU).
C-IERMAN FAMILY WOULD I.IKE CHILD
v to board or Infant to raise on bottle. Call or
a<ldresi v. B. C, .032 Hampshire 5... beuTweciy-
second and Tweu.y-iuird.
COMF RTABLE HOME FOR COUPLE OF
1 cnildren, or no objection to in-ant; terms
reasonable. Address 3631 Twenty-tim bt., above
Church.
STOKES TO LET.
BARBER-SHOP. WITH BATHS: ESTAB-
lished 16 years; $18 per month; key at 639
Second at.
» aipenter-ihop: $7 per month. 6 I)e Boom
key at 539 Se' ond st.
P umblng-shop; $a per month. 3 De Boom St.;
key at 639 Second st.
Corner sore, 631 Second St.; $14 per month;
key at 539 second st.
A'l U FODRTH-SMALL STORE WITH ROOM
rX-L\J in rear: low rent. Apply to G. H. UMBSKN
* CO., 14 Montgomery at.
"LMNE BASEMENT SUITABLE FOR ANY
1 business: one block from .Markeu 15 Grant aye.
AT LOW UK NT— Or 1 bl'uKK AND
ba em nt. 324 Cos si.
FOR SALE-MISCELLANEOUS.
mHBEE THOROUGHBP.ED PUG PUPS; PEI>
-L leree: male: reasonable. NAT B. WOODS, 303
Jessie st.
C«n SINGER BEWING-MA< HI Y E ; GOOD
«J/O. order. 1915 Mission si., near Fifteenth.
i ARS, BACK. BARS, MIRRORS. SHOW-
I) cases, counters, linoleum, office furniture,
■tore and office furnitur- and rixiurea. new and
second hand. J. N> ONAA, 1017-1019-iOal-lOaa
Mission s , above Sixth.
ACRIFICE; FURNITURE 4 ROOMS. COM-
-0 ple:e tor housekeeping. Address X. V., box
74, CalL
1 99£« SIXTH AYE.. SuUlll SAN FRANCIS-
-1 &£. U Ci>— Fresh milch cow for sale.
AND LAUNDRY MACHINES; NEW AND
XX second-hand ; tools supp led, etc 766 Bryant
THOROUGHBRED HEREFORD COW; VERY
X gentle: 14 quarts a day. 3238 Enclnal aye.,
lilgh-s.. station, Alameda.
T AKGE double compartment COIN
Xj bank safe; cheap. 8 MIM on st.
/COLLECTION OF 10 RARK VIOLINS FROM
\J tn» estate of an anUt for sale cheap. Inquire
410 Kearny st., room 10.
ST. BERNARD PUPS; PRIZE; PKDKiRr.K;
stock: sire, champion. Grand Master: dam,
first prize. Beauty: perfect color and markings.
Hl-Vi Fu. ton st.
T feW ELM WO -D RANGES ARK THE BEST.
I W. S. RAY MFG. CO, 12 California st.
I )OILER.S,ENUINES,-JD-HANi» MACHINERY
XJ water-pipes. Mclmosh Wolpman. 137 Beala.
AR«, SCALES. MIRROR-. FRENCH
ranges, etc.. bought, sold. Mt.F.K, 1118 Mission.
/-IOFI-EE MILL, SCALES. LETTER PRESa
\J stand desk, money till, safe; cheap. 102 Clay.
, ARS.. bHOWCAaKti, COUNTERS. bHKLV-
I •' ing, etc., Lougiitniid sold. 1063 Mission, nr.7ib.
SR SMALL MKUIUM AND LARGE-SlZif
ONE and burglar proof safe. 109-111 Market
lire and burglar prvoi safe. 109-111 Market s.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, i FEBRUARY 19, 1597.
EDUCATIONAL.
T UCKUARDT'S COMBINED ASSAY OFFICE
XJ and school of Instruction (Incorporated);
PUA TICA . »nd INDIVIDUAL Instruction in
the latest Improved methods in assaying, analysis,
electroplating. CYAN procesi, etc.; SPECIAL
ATTENTION given to cateful a say and analysis
01 ores, waters, etc. 26 O'Farreil at.: eleva:or.
"i UKSIVE SHORTHAND ' IBTHE EASIE-T,
•A3 best and cheapest: vowels ami consonants
joined: no positions; scrip ive pamphlet free;
also Pitn an. Graham, Munson and Marsh writers
corrected and spoedeJ: tint-class references. KOs-
COE KAM 1 s, room 70, Flood building.
A SCHOOL OF PHYSICAL CULTURE AND
Elocution, 1215 Oc:avia st., San Francisco,
MISS ELIZA MA KINTOSH. pupil of Professor
G. W. Baynham, Glasgow, Scotland, and eradu te
of the school of Oratory, Philadelphia, Pa.,
teacher, ( ffice days, Tuurs. and sat. P. m.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLKOE, 24 POST—
Bookkeeping, business practice, shorthand,
typing, telegraphy, languages. English branches,
electrical engineering: 1U teachers: 15.0UU graUu-
kies; day and evening sessions; catalogue.
Si C COMPLETE COURSE, SHORTHAND
C ' O. and typewriting (Pitman or Graham) by
Easmrn law stenographer; day orevenlng Instruc-
tion. 1816% post.
A YRE.S', 'IHK LEADING COLLEGE. 325
JA. liont^omerv St.: Individual insiructloa »a
fborthand, typing, bookkeeping, lelegrapor, etc.
Lite scholarship $50: 1< w rates per week and mo.
OTA MM EKING. LISPING. ALL IMPERFEC-
-0 lions of speech, positively cured: voice build-
Ing, individual instruction; references from best in
California. PROF. K. s. DAVIS. 1608 Markeu
■ENGINEERING SCHOOL; MECH., EI.EC."
Xj civil. uiining. survey, a.<>say, «rchi'.. X ray
taught; e5.1864. A.VAN DER NAILLEN.933 Mkt
STIEHL'S SHORTHAND AND BUSINESS
College. 23 Market s;. ; stndents trained; office
situations secured: lowest rate* or credit for tuition
ELOCUTION AND DKAMA: 1 EI.SARTE
XJ thoroughly taueht; appearances arranged; 1 to
fep.M. OLiVE UoFh-sCHKur.DEK, 299 Hyde
BKLASCO'S LVCKUjI SCHOOL OF ACTING—
Private theatricals arranged: pupils rehearsed
on stage. R. 5 and 12, 1.0.0. F. block. 7th and MkU
ENGLISH, LATIN AND MATJIh.MA'I ICBJ
literature a specialty. MISS RoULSTON,
(24 « 'Farrell st.
HARP.GI'ITAR. MANDOLIN. PIaNi .PAINT-
XX ing.French lessons. MIssTIFFANY,B2ITurk.
pKOF. LOUIS MEKKI: VIOLIN, MANDOLIN,
X guitar, cornet; reasouable. 225 Geary, ur. Powell.
SPANISH. Ktc.: Prof. De KILIPPk'S
X Academy of Languages, 320 Post; eslab'd 1871.
SUBSCRIPTIONS AND WANT ADS FOR THE
Call taken nt branch office, 339 Hayes su;
open until » :30 o'clock.
IJOOKKPNG. WKITNG, AKlTilM'lC. GRAMR,
XI day d: night: no classes; $5 month. 845 Mission.
T)IANO TAUGHT IN SIX MONTHS- NEW,
X quick method; $2 50 per month. 323 Hyde su
1)IANO LESSONS AT PU TIL'S HOME; 60c;
best ref. B. F., box 76, Call Office.
SINGING; PIANO; PARIS GRADUATE;
0 French, man languages: $2 mo. 109 Taylor.
1 EO COOPER'S SCHOOL OF ACTING. Da NO
Xj ing, voice, pantomime, stage. 814 Geary st.
GUITAR, MANDOLIN. PiANU AND VOCAL
\T InMm »:-i m.« Mar» Westhanx. 39 Fifth.
MEDICAL.
VI L CASES OF MONTHLY SUPPRESSION
(.from whatever cans ) restored in a few
hours: safe and sure at any time; Instant relief for
travelers; home In confinement: best care and
privacy: regular physician; 30 years' successful
practice: my celebrated remed.es for monthly
suppression never fai : medical electricity for all
fema c comp aims: every case guaranteed: con-
-911 lat ion fr>e, coatiden.lal ; hours 10 to 5: pills $1.
MRS. DR. \\ Yt-Tii, 916 Post SU, near Larkin.
* NEW PROCESS— NO MEDICINE. INSTRU-
Jtx. ment or worthless pills used: every woman
her own physician for all female troubles, no mat-
ter from whatcau.se: restores always in one day;
can be s«*nt and used at home: all case* guaranteed:
If you want to be treated safe ad cure call on a
man's physician. DR. POPPisR, 318 Kea ny st.
V bURE CURE FOR ALL FEMALE DIS-
-^V eases from whatever chus*; a home in con-
finement with every comfort: satisfaction guar-
anteed by MRS. OWYER, 226 Turi »t.
PROCESS THAT IS PERFECTLY HARM-
less: never fails In any case of monthly sick-
-1 Ma, no motter what cause; no dec ncity bum-
riug or other dangerous methods; money In every
case refunded If a cure is not effected: travelers
helped immediately; years' experience; home in
confinement with sanitarian convenience. Con-
sult tree the only reliable physicians, DR. AND
MRS. DAVIKS, 14 McA:lis:er st.. next Hlbernia
Bank: hours, 9 a. m, to 6 and 7 to 8 p. m.
A PROCESS -'1 HAT NEVKK FAILS TO UK-
A store every case of monthly Sickness irom
whatever cause In a few hours wen medicines
and ottiers have failed; no instruments used;
many years' experience; every ens- guaranteed;
advice free; terms rea-onable; first-class prlv»t<»
j home !ur confinement. MRS. L>K. JJ.vI.EY, 1126
I Market st., over the Owl Drugstore.
DR. FOULKVM FRENCH CAPSULES — \
cuaranteed absolute curs for all female dis-
I eases (no mater what cause): positively safe and
sure, no aang r or after effects: taken in time 1:
also acts ad a preventive: price $1 50 per box:
rein Ire*- by man on leceijit of price. WA.LXii.tt
BROS., S3 Grant aye.
DX. AND MRS. W. GENER. 5.'6 EDDY ST.;
private home; every comfort: separate rooms
before and during continemen ; female complaints
skillfully treated; regular ihysiciun: quick re let
fur travelers: test care; ler ■ s moderate: babies
adopted la good families; consultation free; pills $2.
MRS. GOODWIN. SPECIALIST. LADIES
near or far: safe, quick cure guaranteed, any
disease or complaint; home for patients; best
skill free diagnosis; low fees; Belt-cure. 401
Van Nest aye.
AI.PEAU S FRENCH PILLS— A BOON TOLA-
XI. dies with female troubles; no danger; safe and
sure: $2 6OexiressC O D. ; don't delay until too
late. OSGOOD BROS.. Coast Agents, Oakland:Cal.
AT THE PEOPLK'SONE DOLLAR MEDICAL
Institute all cases treatel and medicines fur-
nsatd for «1 : call or write. 1029 i/ 3 M rket su,
beu blxtb and Seventh, mid 1 ranclsi", Cal.
$'\i)i\ PAID FOR ACA!^E I FAIL TO CURB
"'"' of female complaints or diseases of the
eye; consultation free. MRS. DR. SCOT'I,4IO Geary
DV PEAK'S FEMALE REGULATING PILLS]
safe and efficient emmenaeogue; $1 per box.
RICHARDS CO.,druggists. *06 Clay su.sole agts.
DON'T FAIL TO CONSULT Dit. JORDAN aT
hU museum, 1051 Maricet eL: his 30 years
cccessful practice Is a guarantee of fair treatment;
the worse cases treated satisfactorily by mall.
HOME IN CONH.NKMfc.NT; IRi.KGULARI-
ties restored. DR. AND MRS. RAY, 61 Fifth.
HOME, A FRIEND AND MOTHER'S CARE.
MRS. DR. FUNKE. 1416 t.ighth St., Alameda,
IK IRREGULAR OK ANY rr.,UALt. L>l-h.AsK
see MKiUfi. PUETZ and be content. »54l/ 2 410.
I vK. HALL, 14 McALLiSI STREET, N r.A.ti
J ' Jones. Diseases of women and children.
DENTISTS.
ST FULL SET TEETH: BtteT MAKE;
O I • kept 1 1 repair; extracting free; filllnes.&Oc;
crowns, $3 50. Pacific Dental Parlors, 18 Third.
Ir»ULL SET OF TEETH. $7: WARRANTED 5
-T years; painless extraction: see ournew combina-
tion plate; thinneu, ligiitfcst, coolest plate made;
warranted 10 y«ars: fillings. 60c; crowns, $3 .0
CHICAGO DENTAL PARLORS, 24 Sixth stree:.
DH. J. J. LEKK. 1126 MARKET Sl',; OPEN
evenings: Sundays till uuon.
POSITIVELY PAIN : Ess EXTRACTION. DR.
X HARDlNO,tooSuttercor.Powell:t«'l.malns376
}piKSI-CLAS3 DKNTISTKY; CHEAP; Pit-
able $1 week. CHAPMAN. 16th an 1 Mission.
CHALK ANT A IHAI.t'AXT, MOVf.D i ROM
\J 8 Mason to 119 Powell: bridge work a specially.
GOLIO.N DENTAL ASsOCI.v iiO.N, 806 -i.Axt-
ket st. i»K. CHARLK-. W. DECKKU,
Q>r- A SET FOR i.-.Elli-WA RANTED AS
«JD • rood as can be made: tilling $1 DX mm Ai*
dentist, 930 Market St.. next Baldwin Theater.
PAINLESS hXTKACIIoN, f-Oc: CROWN
X bridge work a specialty: platen $5 up: 18 year t
experience. R. L. \\ a LSI I. D.LI.S.. hi 53,;, Geary.
K. LUDLUM >11J,U 1443 MARKET Sl\ NR.
Eleventh; no charge for extracting when
plates are made: old plates mode over like new;
teeth irom $8 per set; extracting 60c: gat given.
SET Of 'IKK .11 UiTi.oL'i' A11..U0. i>ii,
O H. G. Young, 1841 Polk su
CKOOME DENTAL ASSOCIATION. 769 At \
kot, bet. 3d and 4th: gas specialists; pa Inlets
extracting, wan fas, $1; plates. $5 up; flu, «1 up.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, THE GKNUINB
Leek dentist, discoverer of painless extraction
and patentee o( improved bridge work or teoia
without any plate, moved from oto0 to HOo'FurrelU:.
ALL WORK REASONABLE AND WAB-
-ranted. DR. J. W. KEY. 112J Market st.
OFFICES TO LET.
DESK 1:0 M. CHiAP: LAKOK SUNNY OF-
fiie, fnrulstied. Call 69 Columbian building.
ST. ANN'S BUILDING, 6 EDDY ST., CORNER
Powell— Deslrab c offices, with gas, janitor mid
c evator. HOVE . TOy C '.. 30 ontgomerr.
BICYCLES.
O'A ' "BEN-HUK," BRA D NEW; REGU-
'V !•). lar price »M 5: guaranteed high grade,
GOLDEN RULE BAZAAR, 718 Market 8L
ST AKNS SPECIAL AND A ROAD WHEEL
for sale nt a sacrifice. Call at once 016 Gear)-.
PERSONALS.
i VOUXG LADY, 24 YEAR"* OF AGK, BLONDE,
j -L having alien heir to «30.0U0 worth o- piop-
; erty, de-ires to m>et centleman, under 40, to man-
age same: ultimate object, matrimony; Inclose
stamp for reo:y. Miss FAIR, box 163, Call.
p ENTLEMAN OF :>. EANS WISHES TO COR-
VJT resrond with a lady in th« same position: ob-
ject matrimony. Address V. B. L., box 130, Call.
ADVICE FREE; DIVORCE LAW- A SPEC-
lalty: private; no fee without success; pro-
bate, insolvency , wills, collections, bills of sale'
damages, etc. : priv.de detectives: estab. 10 years.
G.W.HOWE, at:y at-iaw. 850 Market.cor.Stocktn
■RHEUMATISM CURED WITHOUT FAIL
' XX with the aid of their marvelous electrical ap-
rjamuibv DR. SMITH'S ELECT KO-MAG.\E . 1 C
Ba'UIS; go io-day: board and sunny room if de-
sired; tree consultation. 1 to 3 and 6 to 8; Sundays
10 to 12. SANITARIUM, 1633 BUCHANAN Si.
111 .-, VK IMIT.aTuRs, L TS OF THEM; BUT
there's only one— G. LEDERKR-and that's
me. My strictly one price for all Kinds of ha:r-
d reusing Is 25c. Hair-dressinst with shampoo, 50c.
•Q IaONIA" Hair Tonic 35c. Gray 01 bleached
bair restored to natural color with perfectly harm-
less pre aratlon. G. i.tUtlitu, 111 Stockton st.
Be sore of the number.
PRIVATE riETECriVE WORK DONE REA-
X souabie: 10 years' experience: br«. 10 to 12 v
2 to a. 7 to 8 P- M. G.K.WtBviER, 1027 Market, r. 6.
HHOFSCHMIDT, SANITARY PLUMB FR,
. gasfltter. t23GoidenGate ay. Tel.,Sutter 471.
STROZYNSKt. 24|(JBARY ST., EXPERT
. European hairdressers and cutters; employs
no apprentices; prices equal to others.
TF.LKORA PHY AND TYPEWRITING PRAC-
X tically taught; day or evening-. $5 per month.
7 Hyde at.
VEGRANT WILL HEAR OF SOMETHING
. to his advantage by calling upon LAN DRY
c. BaBIN, 4x3 Kearny st.
MISS OLLIE LAKE, CARD-READING AND
magnetic treatment. Rooms 3 and 4. 309
Butter sl
1 IVOKCE AND ANNULMENT Of MAR-
XJ rla^e; terms of pa- mem Icing; leg>tl every-
where. Address lock box F., 906 Market sU, 8. F.
AINTING, WHITENING, PAPERING;
lowest estimates best work guarante d; wall pa-
per Sc roll. EDWARDS. 1200 Webster, cor. Eddy.
IS KKIGAN (rOKMKKLY WITH G. LED-
erer) has opened 11 stylish renting par or;
latest effects -.price 25c. 1 24 1 /2 O'Farrell, nr.PowelL
1 CAKDS, $150. SHOW CARDS. ETC.
IUUU lei. Black 141. HILL, 22% Geary st.
(J> I A DOZEN — FINK CABIN'KIo \vii^-
<pl bON'S Gallery. 1028 Market.
-07 aioNTGOMEitY SI., BRANCH OFFICE
•)— i t.l 1 call, waat ads aud subscriptions
taken.
I . ARTINGTON'S SCHOOL OF MAG\ZINE
J and Newspaper Illustration: particulars as 10
terms, etc 424 Pine su; Illustration* :urui B hed
for magazines, newspapers, etc.
ARTISTIC H AiRUKKs>IN(i, 25c: $25 FUR
-.'v cases of hair failing or dandruff 1 cannot curd.
MRS. UUBBARD. 1104 Market si-, room 28.
RUPTUKE AND PILES CURED; NO PAY
Xi> until cured: send for book. DHS. 11a.\&
FIELD & POKTKKFIELD. »38 Market st.
MAGNI SCOPE — NEW PROJECTING MA-
it I chine; uses the Klneioscope price |261 i.
BACIGALUPI. 648 Market st.
\\r ALL PAPER. 4C A KiLL: PAPER HANG-
' » ing. palnllus.etc., by contract or day's work, at
your own price- N.K. MEKIGAN, 130 i Webster st.
I >IG OUTDOOR sTKRKOPTICON I-HOW KVE-
I ) ry night cor. Market and Sixth sis.; artistic ad-
vertisements In living light; promoters of bust-
ness, consult OWL ADV. CO.. 1140 Market st.
ELi.CTRIC LIGHT* IN EVERY ROOM:
Winchester lions-. 44 Third st, nr. Market:
•-00 rooms. 25c to $1 60 per night: $1 50 to (6 per
week; Jrro bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
CLOAKS. FU US A.\ 11 »Cl I's RETAILED Af
\J vtholesala prices. Factory. 20 Sansome
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, THK WORLD'S MOST
'.amous medium of modern times. Don't fail
to see her if you are interested in the affairs of life;
It marriage, BKkuess, deaths, changes, travels, di-
vorces, separations, lawsuits, business transac-
tions, wills, deeds and mortgages, lost or 6tolen
'• property, lost or absent friends. interest you: If
: you care to know what you should dv 10 be sue-
' cessful, where you should go and bom to avoid,
1 when 10 buy aud sell stocks, etc.; in a word, what- ,
, ever may be your trouble, suspicions or desires,
call on this gifted woman and she will send you
away happier, wiser and bolder than ever before.
! Hours ii a. it. to «p. M.. strict. N. B.— lsfactlon
; guaranteed by mall, Send stamp for pamphlet,
special terms. MRS DR. F. CLARK. 1200 Mar-
: ket su. Darlors -5 and 26. lake elevator.
ALL HAIL H\R MARVELOUS PREDIC-
-1 ons; only medium cuaranlering dead win-
; ning tips on the Corbctt-Fltrslmmons prize-fight;
: named 3 wionit:* numb, rs in :h» last iot*.ery
drawing: can give you a sure thing at the race-
track; ladle*. consult her on domestic and love
aiTa rs; removes evil influences and possesses
only "Napoleon" talisman on the coast.- Miss
VAN DE VERE, the Parisian prophetess, parlor
1, 1 Fifth at.
ME. DX THOMAS, SCIENTIFIC REVEAL-
er by eggs and cards; tells entire life, past,
] present, future; consultations on ail affairs; noth-
ing excei'teti; names given: good advice: sura
help; restores lost lova by sympathy; mistake Im-
possible: fee «1; letter 929 Post st., or Larkto.
RETURNED— EVA FOSTER, MEDIUM AND
XV life-reader satisfaction guaranteed. 131 4th.
MM . LEON ARE I URNED; CARDhEADKK;
magnetic treatment^ 995 Market, room 3.
"\IJIK. hXBILLM TELLS FKOM CKaDLK TO
iti grave: pictures glvea:ladles 25c: M 4 Wat «>u.
MME. MOKL.AU, BKS CLAIRVOYANT AN
medium lv city: fee 25c up. 764 Howard st.
A I ME. UANSEN, PALMIaT, CARD-READER;
lil past, present and future; 25c, 148 6th, r. 6.
\ I ME. RAVENA READS LIFE FLUENTLY;
ill business advice: names given; 25cup.5 1 mth
MISS MELVILLE, WELL-KNOWN CLAlR-
voyant, 61 Fifth st. .-water readings a specialty.
Its! DEAN, MEDIUM AND MAGNETIC
healer. (505 Post si., room 2.
4 LICE FAY. MEDIUM AND MAGNETIC
u\. healer; permanent. 128 Seventh St., top flat.
G^ PSY LIFE- READER REMOVED TO 3
Seventh st . nr. Market: ladles 25c cents 5 <c.
SPIRITUALISM.
(,Q7 MARKET — TO-NIGHT SPEAKING
•'•7 1 tests: Mrs. Kale Hosklns, Meda Hositlns
and others; 10c.
ME. O--MA>, SPIRITUAL TRANCK MEDI-
um: life readings, love hff irs, business Invest-
mems,mtnlngaptrcnlailonsaspe.cially. 838 Mission
RS. MAY ' STEERS, 1121!, OAK ST.; ClK-
cle TuesJay, 8 p. m., also i'hursi ay, 2 p. m.;
readings 9 1.
v . RS. C. J. MEYER, CIR. TO-NiGHT. TUES.
'• Wed. and I- ri , 2 p. m.; trance dr.. Mon. and
FrL eve., 2 c; Bluings daily. 826 McA lister st.
DNA WALLA! E, "THE ORIGINAL" ME-
dlum and magnetic healer. 865 V a Market si
room 10.
A-\ "v. McALLISTER:LADI«:S' SPIRIT AID SO-
Tt J l clety tests to-nigh at 8: admission 100.
SWAIN'S SPIRITUAL MEETING TO-NIGHT;
bring questl ns. 51 Fifth St., opp. iilnt
M. FKANCIS, INDEPENDENT SLATE
. writer. 118 Hatch: su: hours 9 until 6p. m.
RS. ELLIS. MEDIUM; SITTINGS.9 T< ■ 8 $I-
circles Tues., tn.. 2p. * 26c. 233 Valencia.
TIIRS. J. J. WHITNEY. CLAIRVOYANT,
I*l tr»no# test n-ediuiu 4 life reader. 218 Stockton
HYPNOTISM.
HYPNOTISM SCIENTIFICALLY TAUGHT:
success grid. Mesmeric I ns,6 O'Farre.l
HORSES.
Jf) HOUSES FOR SALE: ALSO WAGONS.
" v buggies, carts, harness: Grand Arcade Horse
Market, 327 Sixth sL: auction sales every Wed-
nesday. SULLIVAN <£ DO 1 LX. Auctioneers.
CA HEAD DRIVING AND WORK IiOKBES: |
O\J weight 1000 to 1700 lbs. 862 Howard st.
ALL KINDS OF 'I URN OUTS TOLhT \ND
for sale. M.F. BOY CE'S livery sta le.3Bl2thst
KA HEAD OF HORSES FOB ANY
*Jv/buslness 900 to i5OO pounds. O d Turk-sU car
stables, 1801 Turk; team of lame young mules.
ht\H KET NEW AND t-ECON I>UA.\ v UAH-
u\J\J ness: all kinds- baccy. wacon, carts. surrsr
*rork*«»r 40 cheap horses. lVr« an 1 Vale i- 1
WAGONS AND' CARRIAGES.
FOR SALE— FIRST-CLASS WAGON, »UlT-
able for gr< cer or plumber; cheap, 430 Hayes.
\'EW ANDSKCOND-HAND BAKKR, LAUN-
Xi dry and mllk-wason; also fine top buggy and
rockaway. B*B Harrison st.
PROFESSIONAL CARDS.
JOHN K. KICHARDS, LA W Ol'VlUKs. KOOit*
Ho and 27, Crocker LIUIUI114; 4*ieimou« Mim
76, ban Francisco. CaL
JOHN K. AiTKKN AND MAURICE L. ASHER
fciiysa. Jaw. rail 515.516. bio. noor.Parrouold^
PHOTOGRAPHERS SUPPLIES.
PUOTAKE CAMERA 2x2, LAMP, CHEMI-
X dig, paper and 6 . platen, $2 60. California
Camera Co., 22 Geary sL '
CITY REAL ESTATE.
A 1 INVESTMENT— NEW FI.ATS JUST BE-
-"» Ing completed on Fulton St., near Lyon: ex-
amine them and be convinced: house open to-day.
DAN EINSTEIN, owner and builder, 630 Mar-
ket St.
jnnn rOR ale OR EXCHANGE.
«JPIUUU. New cottage on 23d >ye. East Oak-
land; 6 rooms and batb: high basement; briclc
louudaiiou; bay windows; lot 52x160.
U. U. UMBSEN & CO.,
14 Montgomery st.
\TEW HOUSES JUST COMPLETF.D: SUNNY
-Li side of Cole St., near Waller; 8 and lv rooms;
large lots, 125 feet deep; street to bo bituminized.
A poly premises ..-'■:■
COUNTRY REAL ESTAT E.
C;Qk(| SO ACRES; 6 MILES FKOM N >PA;
«Ii tJO\'. 4-room house, barn and chick, n-
hiuses: 9 1 cres in fruit: all fenced: Cue water
supply. Room 10, 410 Kearny st.
1 ..,-ACUfc. 'CHICKEN KANCH; 3 ACRES
J- — creek bo. torn: 6 intervale, around a five-
room house; barn; several chicken-bouses: balance
hill: covered with timber; plenty wood and run-
ning water; lovel.- shade trees; some trait: two
miles from town; $lu00; half cash . also several
pieces, partly lmprov d, on the 10-year an, and
4, 8 and 12-acre pieces, vacant, at *50 to .* 100 per
acre. D. H. TWINU, .-onoraa City.
F)R SALE— I2OO Al RES GRAIN AND FRUIT
land: fenced and improved. Inquire N. A.
ITON, Williams, Cat
END FOR ILLUSTRATED PAMPHLET OF
California lands for sale ov H. FRANCIS,
rooms 69-71, Chronicle building, ban Franclsco.caL,
RANCH BARGAIN; $5 PER ACRE; 1280
it, acres timber; plenty water: excellent stock
ranch; best part of Kern Co. is., box 20, Call Office.
LITTLE HOMES CLOSE TO town; i.m-
proved; easy terms: also 4 10 12 acre pieces
on a and 1 • year*' credit. D. H. TWING. So-
noma City: every Monday at 632 Market st.. s. p.
SUBURBAN REAL ESTATE.
A LTA PUNTA TRACT; GEM OF THE BAY
I\ District: 425 acres: subdivided: 3ml es north
of Berkeie*. 8 from Oakland: 47 minutes from
San Franc. sco; lots 5UxjOJ; from $100 to Sl'00;
Installments; send lor a map. UEuRUE W.
HAIOHT. 220 Siinsorne St.. S. F.
TRUSTEES* SALES.
rnRUSTEES'SALE— IN ACCORDANCE WITH
J. the terms and under the aaihO' ltv of a certain
deed of trust, duly executed by- ED < Aft L. DOW,
party of the flru part, to HENRY C. CAMP-
i ELL and THADUEUs B. KENT, trustees, par-
ties of the second part and the s a FRANC SCO
SA VIA us 0 ■ lON, party of the third part, dated
June 21st. 1892, and recorded l.i the office of the
County Recorder of the county of Alameda. State
of California, in liber 445 f deeds, at pages 1-9
and foliowinx. and In pursuance of a reso ution
passed on the 15th day of October. 1896, by the
Boa d of Directors of said BAH FRaNCISC<>
SAVINGS UNION, a corporation, and the holder
of the note (No. 11.7-5), to secure payment of
which the aforesaid deed of trust nfi executed,
declaring that, default had been made in the i ay-
meul of he principal sum and other sums due
under said note and deed of trust, ant requesting
and dlrectin. said HKNRY C. CAMPBELL and
THADDKUS B. KKNT, trustees, to sell the real
estate described therein to satisfy said indebted-
ness.
V* «, HENRY C. CAMPBELL and THADDEUS
B. KKNT, trustees, do hereby give notice .hat on
FRIDAY, the 26th day of February, A. D. 1897,
at 12 o'clock noon of that day, and at the auc ion
salesroom of Win. J. Dlugee, No* 460 and 462
ighth stree:, in the city of Oakland, couu.y of
AUiui da. Stale 01 California, we will sell at public
auct on, to the nifties, bidder, for cash in uold coin
of tne United States, the piece or parcel of land
situate In the township of Brook yn, county of
Alameda, Stale cf Cali:ornia, described as fol-
lows, o wit:
Commencing at a point on the westerly line of
Orange avenue, distant, thereon two hundred and
fifty (250) feet sou tier. y from the southerly line
of East 1 w«-n.y s-venth street, and running
thence southerly along suid ii eof uran -e avenue
one hundred (100) feet: tnenee at right angles
westerly one hundred and fifty (150) feet to the
easterly Hue of Sunnyside avenue; thence at
riant an/les northerly alon£ the last-named line
one hundred (100) fee 1 , and thence at rigb angles
easterly one hundred and fifty (150) feet to the
point of commencement:
Being lots numbers twenty-five (25) and twenty-
six (26) in biock numb' rone (1), ai laid down »nd
delineated on the map ent lied •■.Map No. 2of he
Blasfle Tract. I- ast i aklana Heights resubdi-
vid>-d June. 1830, W. F. Boaraman. 0. E.." filed
.lune 9. 1890, in the office of the County Recorder
of said county of Alameda.
i ogetuer with the appurtenances.
Terms or sale— Cash in god o.n of the United
States: ten per cent payeb c to the undersigned on
the fall of the bamni. r. balance oa delivery of
deed; and if not so paid, unless for want of tl.le
(ten days being allowed for seaich), then said ten
percent to be forfeited - nd .he sale to be void.
Acts of sale at purchaser's ex pens *.
lit NRY C. CAMPBELL, •»_.„..„„
IHAUD US b KrNT. / Tru »tees.
RUSTS 1 SALE - IN At-CoRUANv-E
with the terms and under the authority of a
certain deed of trust, duly executed by CARRIE
L. COOK (femme sole), party of be firs pirt, to
HENRY C. CAMPBELL and TUAUDtL'S B.
KKNT, trustees, parties of the second part, and
the SAN FRANCISCO SAVINGS UNION,
parly of the third par:, dived July 13th.
18J2, and recorded in the office of the
County Recorder of the county of Alame.ia,
ivaieor California, in liber" -115 of deeds, at pages
461 and fol owing: and iv pursuance 01 a reso
tion passed 0.1 Uie 28th day of January, 1b97. by
the board ot Directors Of said AN FKANCIsCo
BAVJ US UNIuN. a 1 orporatlon, and the holder
of the note (No. 11.771), to secure payment of
which the ..f Jie-ait deed of trust was executed.
cie, i.r.ru thu>. . efault ha i been mode In the pay-
ment of the principal sum a d other sums due
under said note and deed of trust, and requesting
mid direct. ik said IIr.NRY «. CaMPB.-.LI and
TllADDtl's B KENT, trustees, to s li the real
esta.e pescribea therein, to sat sly said indebted-
ness.
V> c, HENRY C. CAMPBELL and I HADDEUS
B. KENT, trustees, do hereby give notice that on
FRIDAY, tiie 26tu day if Febr ary. A. D. 1897, at
12 o'clock noon of tbat aav, and at the iuuioi
sulesnomot m. J Diii^e..-. Nos- 460 and 462
Eighth street. In the city of Oakland, county of
a lam- da. Stale of California, we Will sell a>. pub-
lic auction, to the high s bidder, for cash in god
col. . of the United .Mates, the pieces or parce ■ of
laud, situate in the town of berke.ey, county ■ f
Alamedu, State of California, descri &3 follows,
to wl :
Lots numbers eight (8) and eleven (11) at laid
i down anJ delineated onthe map entitle 1 "Map of
Pera.ta Park, Berkeley, Alameda *. oun y, Cal.,"
filid March 24th, lhBS. in the office of me County
Recorder of said county of Alamed 1, and now of
record in lli.er 11 of maps at page 49, ad to
map and the record thereof special refer-
ence is be eb ■■ v ade for turther it more parti> u.ar
description, to ether with the appurtenances.
Teimj of sa c— Cash in gold com of me United
Hatei: ten per ceut payable to the undersigned on
the tall of the hammer; ba ame on delivery of
'!••. d: and it no so paid, unlesi for want of title
(ten days len ai o»ed for search), then said ten
1 per cent to ut- Funeited a.d the sa.e to be void.
Acts of sal- at purchaser's expense.
HENRY C. CAMPBELL. > TrnQfM -
. IHADDKUB B. KENT, jirustees.
fpRUSTEES'SALE-lN ACCORDANCE WITH
L the terms and under the authority of a certain
deed of trust, duly executed by Ja.wi-.s. A.
\V A V M 1 RK, pa>ty of tbe nrst part, to HENRY C.
CAMPBELL and THADDEUS B KENT, trust-
ees, parties of the second part, and TUt SA.V
FRANCISCO SAVINGS UNION, party Of the
thir.l part, dated March 29th, lb»2, a.. d recorded in
the office o the County Recorder or the coun y of
Kern, atate of California. In liber 41 of deed*,
at pages 1-4 and to. lowing, and in pursuance of a
resolution p-ssinl on the Stlst day of January.
1897, tiy the board of directors of said SAN
FRANCISCO SAVINGS UNION, a corporation,
and the holder of the note (No. 11 552), to secure
payment of which tiie aforesaid deed of trust was
executed, declaring that default had be»n mane In
the payment of the principal sum and other sums
dun under said note and deed of trust, and re-
questing and direc Ing said HKNRY C. CAMP-
BELL and THADDEIS B. KENT, trustees, to
sell the real estate described therein, to satisfy
said indebtedness.
We, HENRY c. CAMPBELL and THADDEUS
B. KENT, trustees, do hereby give notice that on
TIE DAY. the a3d day of Febuary. A. D. 1897. at
12 o'clock, noon of -hat day, and at the auction sales-
room • f i- a-ton. EL.ri if' d: Co, .no. 6 8 Market
street, in the ( ltv a d County ol San Francisco,
State of California, we will sell at public auction,
to the highest bidder, for cash in gold coin of the
United states, all tbe pieces or parcels of land sit-
uate in the county of Kern, State of California, ae-
scribed a< follows, to wit:
According to the official plata and system of
surveys of the Government of the United States:
la township twentv-slx (-i!) south, range
twe tv-six (26) ea>t, Mount Diablo base and
me I<l:. in; /
Of section thirteen (13), the whole ami
cf sei tion iwoiny- three (2.1), the whole;
In township twenty-s x (26) south, ranee
twenty-seven (27) east, Mount Diab.o base and
meridian:
of se tio 1 nineteen (19). the whole; and
Of section thirty-one (31), the whole, together
with the appurienan es.
TERMS OF SALE— in gold coin of the
United States; ten per cent payable to the under-
signed on the fall of the hammer; balance on de-
livery of need: and If not so pa.d, unless for want
of title (ten days being allowed for search), then
said ten per rent to be forfeited, and the sale to be
void. Acts of sale at purchaser's expense,
HENRY C. I AMPBELL, I-
THADDECS H. KEN T. / Trust
IJHMti NOTICES.
■V7OTICK IS HEREBY GIVEN THAT THERE
.li are fun is in the treasur. to redeem bonds
Issued on Levee Dl«tr ct o. lof Sutler < onnty.
Cat., according to mi act of the Legislature ap-
prove.) April 9 1880, as follows, to wit: Bon 1 No.
93, $500; bond No. 92, $o00: bond No 91, $600;
bo d No. 90. $500; b >nd No. 89, $500; bond > a
88. $500; to d No. 87. $500; bond So. 86, $500:
b nd no. 85. *60) bond No 84, 9500: bom No.
HH, $500: • ond No. 82, *500; bond No. 74. $500:
bond No. 73. $500; bond No. 72, $500; bond .s a
71. 450 arid bond O. 70 $500; and that nt the
expiration of thirty days from the date of this
notice if said bonds are not presented for redemp-
tion the interest thereon will cease, from and after
which time no Interest si.a.l be allowed on said
bonds. . J- COPE,
Treasurer of su:ter County, Cal.
Dated Yuba City, February 18 1897.
HOTELS.
BROOKLYN HOTEL, 208-212 BUSH BT_
board and room $1 to (2 per da/. 18 to $12
per week; choice rooms 50 cents to $1; suite
rooms for family $1 to si 50 per night; first-class
service; ttee coacb. CUAKLbs iloNXUuilti;Y ;
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE-— BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
"IV- ANT ED-PLACE IN ELMHURST IN EX-
II change for very laree 01 and modern 6 room
cjtta.e in Lorin: rice $2250: no mortgage. Ap-
ply immediate yto A. J. feNYDER <& CO., 467
Ninth st., < akland.
•^ COTTAGES OF 2 AND 3 ROOMS RESPEC-
— tlvely will be sold to the hUh~si bidder for
cash: must be removed wl.hlu thirty days. Apply
to Richxrd J. Mon.gomery, executor estate of
MAKGAREi P. McCOUHTNEY, loom 57, 906
Broadway, Oakland.
OUR OWN 6-ROOM. COTTAGE (MODERN)
and lo for *950, payments to suit: flue lot for
$7', $.1 cash, $i> monthly, adjoining East Oakland.
459 Ninth SU, Oakland. U. Z. JONES, Owner.
©7CTO $150 for choice building
0 I O lots la the town of flichbaix; a new sta-
tion established near Oakland, On the Haywards
and San Leandro local line, by the Southern Pacilla
Company; only 45 minutes from San Francisco
and 6 minutes from Oakland; electric-cars every
etv minutes; terms to suit buyers. Apply to
C. M. KUSKU, owner, toIBJ/a Washington bl,
Oakland CaL . .
ALAMEDA ADVERTiSEMENIS
.«i,amt:t>v HJtAL f«!tat».
<S9/1 f\(\ No CASH; $25 MONTHLY: 6-
HF-j^iXjyj. room cotta large lot near station.
$2500— Colonial cottaze;nve rooms; near narrow-
gauce Ion; easy terms.
$2760— Beautiful cottage: colonial style; 6
rooms; near Grand-street station. "Youriermsare
ours."
MARCUsE & REMMEI., Bay-street station,
broad gauge, Aiameda; 628 Market •:., San Fran-
cisco. Open Sundays and holidays.
I OWN NICE KhSIDENCE 1 OT, 60 FEET
front. In -Milwaukee, Wls.. worth $30 per front
loot; would Ilk* 10 exchange for same value in
A.ameda. D. B. HANSON, 9 Fremont su, S. F.
hEAUTIFUL ALAMEDA— HOME-BEEKERS,
examine Damon's mo cottages; 4,5 and 6
rooms; »1760, 2050, $2250. 441 Central ay«.,
Deal S»cond-ave station. Office, 602 Market.
m;.h A FttONT FOOT; 100x150; STREET
C— ■'i work all done: on a main avenue: 2 blocks
from Willow-street station. W. B. FITCH, Bay
Station. Aiameda, or GaMAN LY0N.215 Kearny
st, ban Francisco.
. — —
BARGAIN— 25 ACKESCHOICK FRUIT. HAY.
train, winter vegetables, $25 Here; 83 acres rich
sol , 4 flowing spr'KS, $35 a< re, all fenced, nr. Pleas-
anton, Alumeda Co. Call, write 69 Columbian bldg.
. ARGAINS-S3OP RFOOT;LO!HON NORTH
1 • side San Antonio aye., near Grand st.
250—50x150; tan Jos'* aye., nr. Willow st.
$1750—50x150. new modern house. 6 rooms
and bath; norta side of street; m us i. be sold at
once.
Many other sacrifices.
AL*MEDA LAND CO..
1500 Park st.. Aiameda.
litliKliLEV HOUSES.
L URNISHED 8-ROOM HOUSE COMPLETE,
1 baih, gas, laundry; near 3 car lines. MHS. S.
J. I > GALLS, 2122 Bancroft way. Berkeley.
PROPERTY TO EXCHANGE.
li-^rpmrrjsEir^AND lTttsT^Fkom f2wT~TO
O\J $28,000: 100 ranches, everywhere.
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market at., opp. Fifth.
QEND FOR OUR LIST OK ORCHARD HOMKI
r* tor sate. Wi'O<TEß* WHITTov, «>.n Jn^».
PROPERTY WANTED.
WANTED— RESIDENCE IN WESTERN AD-
-11 diiion or income property from $4000 to $15,-
-ODO Address L. box 52, Call Office.
MONET TO LOAN.
A LOANS ON FURNITUHE OR PIANOS,
-TV. In S. F., Oakland or Aiameda. at lowest rates:
without removal: no tommissions: no delays.
J. NOONAN, 1017 to 1023 Mission St., above Sixth,
telephone Jessie 41.
QO(in (\f\(\ AT 61 PER CENT ON CITY
*pO\J\J .\J\J\J real estate : also Oakland -.estates,
life insurance, second mortgages, any sum. Man-
hattan Loan Co., 10 Mil s building, ground floor.
HIGHLY RESPECTABLE AND PRIVATE
place to obtain the most I beral advances on
diamonds and jewelry at the very lowest rates.
Baldwin Jewelry Sture, 948 Market.
ANY AMOUNT: IST, 2D.OR 3D MORTGAGES,
estates, uudivldel interests, real estate in pro-
bate; furniture and pianos without removal.
McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery st.. room a
A — PKIVATK AND RESPKCTABLE, WITH
very light Interest, Is the secret of <-ur success,
lut-rate Loan Office, Flood building, *09 Market.
CljO^X IWin Al " BANK ivATE-. IST AND
<J.\J\J\J I'd mprtKases. estates, rents, eta:
lend as low as $50. H. MURPHY, 628 Market K.
WHY PAY HIGH INT. ON t-MALL LOANS?
II We loan at 65c Interest per mo. on each $100
on 2d mortgage: any security. Gold, box 4, CalL
OX FURNITURE; VERY' LOW INTEREST;
no commission. SCRIBNER, 7 City Hall aye.
CJjr oo,ooo ON CITY AND COUNTRY PRuP-
«p Oerty ; low rates. A. SCHCLLER, 420 Cala.
I OAN r> ON REAL ESTATE; LOWEST RATE
1 -of Interest. JAS.&Bi OOKS, 214 Pine, r 58-59.
MUNEY TO LOAN ON REAL ESTATE; ANY
amount. W '.LLIAMS, 214 Pine st., room 3.
ffljr-v/J '1O $60,000; LvjV\ aI 1 I. AT*-: 1»T & 21)
(Iptll/ mortgage; Hat or lnstlmnt. Dryden. 635 Cai.
DVANCES ON DIAMONDS. JEWELRY, ETC
Columbia Loan A • oilhuthl Office '.< 1 rant avn.
STORAGE.
T)EDUC-D RATES, FURNITUKE, PIANOS,
I\> household eoois.ee. J M IERi'H, 735 Mkt,
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses hare been
Issued by the County Clerk's office:
' Patrick McArdle and Mary B. Dooley, 27 — 26.
Chart es J. -I alar and Maud F. Regan, 29— 19.
Angelo Vincenzi and Julia Ferroggiaro, '28—19.
Henry K. 1 a leu .it and Mary Morcnlo. 24— .4.
Be ijamln F. i-o.terant Matilda Helms. 29-25.
Victor Bergeron and Marie J. Caumont, 81—24.
Jean B. Delmon and 1 c a.'la Andri>-u.x. 26—26.
John Tun ie ill* and Da sy M. Wilson, 27—2.'.
James W. Feopie* and Amy J. Dickson. -7— lB.
Charles A. huime and Gruc • W. Kerr, 24—23
Walter Hi-schte.d aud Llilie Haendel, 32—20.
Aler E. « r-.l«t and Amy L Crouch. 2<— 2l.
IIk— aARRIAtiKS— MM
[Birth, marriage and death notices sent br mall
will not be Inserted. They must be handed In a
either of the publication office* anl be lndorssj
with the name an residence of persons authOrixeJ
to have the name published. J
BORN.
CORDSEN— In thli c ty, February 15, 1897, to
th» -a ife 01 j. Cordsen. a son.
HOOPER— In El a hurst, Faoruary 6, 1897, to the
wife of Thomas E. Hoiper, a too.
LORENZ— In aU clt v. February 17, 1897. to the
wife of Gnstaf Lorenz. a son.
VKHLINDEN— In Colma, February 15.1897, to
Iho « if-* of a. E Verlinden a 'au^hter.
MARRIED.
CALLENDER— MORCHIO-In this cttr, Febru-
ary 18, 18 »7 by the Rev. Dr. stebbins, Henry
J- Calienderand Mar- Morchlo.
FITZMM.MOXS— KIJIBAI.L-ln this cltv. Janu-
ary 31, 1H97. by the Rev. Father Jaime Vllado-
mat, J. F. Fitz imroons anl Mary L. Kimoail,
both 01 ban * r^ucuco.
GULL-OLSEN— In this city. F bruary 18. 1897.
by tne Rev. Dr. W. W. Case, Erall Gull and
Alma T. " «en. both of -"an Fr«ncinco.
WtD.
Aitemui, Elizabeth Johnson, Georo E.
Brenner. William H. Jones. David H.
Cain, John Luany, Joseph
Carr. Margaret G. Lyons, H kro d J.
( email. Catherine Mahoney, Denis
Crane, Lauren E. Magulre, Mary
Casurang. Joseph Maxwell. Mrs" M. C.
Charles. Mary Oiii.vie Harry
I'd an Pa rick O'Reilly. Mar-
Elll» t. Rose A. Pa.mer, Charl»s T. H.
Francis, K:zab°th H. R»d.ly. Am nda
<-l ben Mio ie Mevensjn.EllzabethM.
Hleronvmus, Rev. C. Stone, Charles V.
lium.vO-Dieser. G. W. Stan cb, steve
, Smith, Bridget
ALTEMUS— In this city, February 18. 1887,
Kllzkbeth, beloved wife of John a 1 emus, and
mother of Mrs. Emma Hoefler and John Alte-
mus Jr., a native of Hanov. r, Germany, aged 52
years 8 months and 18 days.
BRI-.NNER— In this city. February 18, 1897,
William H.. beloved husband of the late Mnr<a-
ret ha Brenner, and aiierof William Brenner,
Mrs. W. Hor ck He ene and George Brenn r!
Mrs. E. Martlnai and Frank Brenner, a native
of Germany, aged 54 years 9 mouths and 24
days.
£?~Frlends and acquaintances ar» respect-
ful invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY'
(Friday), at 1 o'clock p. m.. from the par-
* lors of H. F. Suhr & Co., 120» Mission stree;.
near Eighth. Interment i. v. o. t'. Cemetertr.
CAIN— In thlscltv, February 18,1897, John Cain,
a n-»tiv»of Ireland, aged 77 years.
j*3~Friends and ucanalnlances are respect-
fu 1/ invited loattend >be funeral TO-MOKROW
(Saturday), at 10 o'clock a. m., from the chapel
of >v diary's Hospital, where a solemn requiem
mans will be celebrated : for the repose of his
soul, commencing at 7:15 o'clock a. v.
CAR It— ln this elf. February 17 1897. Margaret
uertrude, oe:«_voi d*ugater of I'houiM »nd -Har-
sraret Carr, and sister of Mary, Willie and Anna
Carr. a native of San Francisco, used 1 ye 1
month and 25 davt ' *
JO*Friend3 and acquaintances are resaect-
full 1 ivltedto a tend fie tun-ial THIS l)Ai'
(Friday), at 10:30 o'clock a. m.. from the resi-
dence o the pa re bil >a:oaii street. Inter-
ment Jloly Cross Cemetery.
1 OLEMA.N— this city, Feb-uarv 16. 1837,
Catherine, dearly beloved wife of Andrew Cole-
man, anl mother of John T.. uni.se F., Mar-
garet. Kitty. Andrew J. and Richard Coleman
and Mrs. J. P. Bar el me, m n:Ui vv .if Mitchells-
town, county Cork. Ireland, aged 4S year*.
fi-O* Angu es and Chicago pipen pi ease copy. 1
49" friends and' acauai:itA:ici>s are res >>"C-
-fnliv Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Friday), at 9:3J o'clock a. m.. from her late
residence 2114 Pine stree , thence .0 St. Dom-
inic's Chnrch, corner o. lus > and Steiner
streets where a solemn requiem mass will bj
celebrated for the repose of her soul, commenc-
ing at 10 o'clock, a. m. Interineui Jlouut Cal-
vary Cemetery.
CRANE— In this rttv. February 1«. 1897, Lauren
E. Crano. a native of NuuJa, N. V., aged 64
years 6 months and 28 days.
CASURANG— In this cl.y, February 14, 1597.
Jo.epa Casurang, a native of France, aged 33
years.
CHARLES— In Oakland. February 18 1897,
Mary, wife of the lat • Henry Char es. and
mother of Will am H. Charles and Mrs. George
M. Weaver.
DOL N— ln this cltr, February 17. 1897, Patrick.
bo.oreil brother of Michael Dolan, a native of
the parish of C urlough, County Cavan, Ireland,
aged 32 years.
43"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the lun-ral THIS DAY
(Friday), at 9:30 o'clock a..m.. from the par-
lors of J. C. O'Connor <£ Co.. 767 Mission street,
thence to St. Joseph's Cnurcn. Tenth street,
where a requiem hl?h mas-j will be celebrated
for the repose of his soul, commencing at 10
o clock a. it. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
F. of A.— officers and members of Court Inde-
pendence .\o. 104. F. of A.: You are hereby
notified to attend the funeral of oar late brother,
Patrick 1 Oian, THIS DAY (Friday), at 9
0 clock a. if. sharp, from the parlors of J. C.
Connor &Co , 7t>7 Mission stre-i. Br order
EDWARD MITCHELL, Chief Ranger.
J. F. Obady, Secreiary.
KNIGHTS OF Taßa — Attention! The funeral
detail Is requested to attend the In erment of
our late bro her. Patrick .^olan, THIS DAY
(Friday), at 9:30 o'clock a. 11.. from the par-
lors of 3. C. O'Connor & Co., 767 Mission street.
By order PRESIDENT.
ST. P. A. of A.— Members of Unity Alliance No.
4, St Patrick's Alliance of America, are re-
quested to attend the funeral of our late brother,
Patrick Dolan. By order 1
W. 3IULVIN. Pres.
ELLIOTT— In this cl y, February 17, 1897, Roa»
A.,- beloved daughter of John and Kosauna
Ell'ot:. a native of San Mateo County.
&9*Friends ami acquaintances are respect-
fu lv InviteJ to attend tae funeral THIS I) \.Y
(Friday), at 9 o'clock a. m.. from the residence
of h-r parents, corner of crescent avenue and
Gates street, thence to St. .Mary's College
Chorea, where a solemn requiem mass will ba
celebrated for the repose of v -r soul, comuienc-
lug at 9:30 o'clock a. m. Interment Mount Cal-
vary Cemetery.
FRANCIS— In Oakland, February I*. 1897, Eli-
zabeth H.. beloved wife of Henry L. Francis,
and mother of Mrs. Charles Phipps and grand-
mother of :-usie F. and Bessie 11. Ldelen, a
native of Calais, Me.
GILBERT— In Highland Park, Fast Oakland,
February 18. 1897, Minnie, wife of C W. Gil-
bert, and mother of H. W. Patrick and Mrs. M.
Aim tin, Mrs. R. Cutler and James D.Gilbert, a
native of Kentucky, aged 65 years.
HIEKONY.MUS— In this city, February 18. 1897,
Rev. Carl Uleronymus beloved father of Mrs.
C Kelly and Mrs. J. S. Hofmeister. brother-in-
law of Mis. M. Klippel of Sacramento, an.l
uncle of Miss Emllie Kiippel and Mrs. Ed Mor-
ris, a native or Germany, aged 75 years 9 months
and 7 days.
HUMKE-UIESKR-In this city, February 17.
1897, George W. Humxe-Die^er, beloved son or
Johanna Dieser, and brother of Augutta King,
Fred Humke, Oscar Dieser, Mrs. Theodoie
l.uelje, Mrs. George L. Simpson and Julius
Di ser. a native of Massachusetts, aited 37 years.
ft3*Frien(ls and acquaintances are raspect-
fully invited to attend the tuneral THIS DAY
Friday), at 2 o'clock P. m. from his late rest-
deu c, 133 San Carlos street, between Eight-
eenth anl Nineteenth, Mission and Valencia
interment 1. O. O. F. Cemetery.
JOHNSON— In this city, February 18, 1897,
George Ed war dearly beloved son of Charles
G. and Mary Johnson, a native of San Francisco,
aged 3 years 4 months ana 4 days.
JON — In Redwood City. February 1<?, 18*7.
David Harrison Jon-j;, husband of I'.iizabeth;
son of David R. Jones, formerly of Huaboldt
County. Cal.; brother of John R. Jones. Mrs.
Z. U. Dodge. Mr*. I. B. Bui ern>ld and Mrs.
H. Cookson, a native of California, aged 39 years
1 month and 3 days. [Humboldt papers please
copy. J
iTirFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend tue funeral TO- ''ORSOV.'
(Saturday), 1:30 p. M., from Pl> mouth Con-
grega lon 1 Church. I'ost street, near Buchanan.
Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery, by 3:30
train from Third and Town -end streets.
LUNNY— In thiscliv, February 16. 1597, Joseph
Lunny. a native of Canada, aged 03 years.
43" Friends and acquaintances ar* r-*sp=>c:-
-ful y invited to attend -he funeral THIS DAY
(Friday), at 9 o'clock a. m., from the par-
lors of the United Undertakers. 27 and 29 Hull
street, thence to St. James Church, where a
requiem high mass will be celebrated for the
repose of his soul, commsnciuK at 9:30 o'clock
a. m Interment Holy Crosi Cemetery.
LYONS— In this cltv-. February 18, 1897. Harold
J., Infant son of John and Annie Lyons, a native
of San t-rancisco. aije.l 7 days.
MAHONEY— In Virginia City. Nev.. Fenrua'y
18. 1-97, Denis J.. beloved husband of Julia E.
a loney, and father of John D. of this city and
Kate, Denis. Thomas tnd Agnes Mahoney, a na-
tive of Baudot, County Cork, Ireland, aged 69
years. . ,
JO-The funeral will take place TO-MORROW
(Sa urday), at U:45 o'clock a. m., from ihe Oak-
land ferry upon the arriva of the overland
train. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery, San
Ma co County.
MAGUIRE-In this city. February 18. 1897,
Mary, beloved daughter of James and Mageie
Maguire, a native of bau Francisco, age J 6 years
9 months and 3 days.
MAXWKLi-In tills cltv. February 17, 1897,
Mrs. Margaret Compton Maxwell, beloved aunt
of Mm. T. F. Creighton. aged 73 years.
Friends an* respectfully Invited toatteni
the funeral THIS DAY (Friday), at 6:30
o'clock a. m.. from h*r late residence, 813Capp
street, thence to St. Peter's Church, Twenty-
third and Alabama streets, where a requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
soul, commencing at 9 o'clock a. v. Intexmen;
Mount Calvary Cemetery.
OGILVIE— In this city. February 17, 1837, Harry,
eldest son of J. R. and the late Mary Ogllvie,
a native of Dundee. Scotland.
JBtS~Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invite I to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Friday), at 11 o'clock a. m., from the par-
lors of Halved & Co.. 946 Mission street.
Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
O'REILLY— In this rity, February 17, 1897.
Mary, beloved Daughter of the late David and
Katharine O'Reilly, and sister of Patrick, Fran-
cis. Kate, « elm, Lizzie and the late William
O'Reilly, a na lye of County Clare, Ireland, aged
28 years. [Leeds (England) and Eastern papers
please copy.
«3"The funeral will take place THIS DAY
(Ir day), at 9:30 o'clock a. m., from her late
residence, 20 Verona street, theuue to St. Pat-
rick's Church lor services. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
PALMFR— In Berkeley, February 38. 1897,
Chares Theodore Hart Palmer, a nati\e of the
. town of Mys ie, Mate f Connecticut, aged 70
yenrs 1 month and 3 aays.
89* Friends and acquaintances are respect-
till v Invited to attend t ie funeral TO- .MORROW
(Saturday) at 2 o'clock F. v. at residence, Pied-
. mom way, near Bancroft, Berke.ey. Interment
private.
RKDDY— In South San Franchco, February 17,
1897. Amanda iied.ly (nee Pederson), beloved
- mother of Charles, Frank and. Alice Heady, a
native of San Francisco, aged 23 years . 10
months and 3 days.
Funeral services will be held THIS DAY
(Friday), at 10 o'clock a. m., at the resi-
dence of the mother. N street and Eleventh
avenue s>u:h. Interment private at Cypress
Lawn Cemetery.
STEVENSON— Kntered Into re« in this city,
February 17, 1897. Elizabeth M., wife of the late
Colonel 1. D. -venson, a native of New York,
a i- t 71 years 11 months ani 23 days.
Friends are respectfully Invited to v'i-i!
the funeral services THIS DAY (Friday), at
11 o'clock a. m., at t. Luke s Church, corner of
Van Ness avenue aid Cay street. Interment
private a Laurel Hill Cemetery. , .
BTO\E— Aiameda, February 17, 1897, Charles
Vivian, be ove 1 son of William I. an 1 Johanna
.-tone Of 1531 Chestnut street, a native Of Ala-
med , aged 4 years 3 months and 5 clays.
JB3" interment THIS DAY (Friday), at
Cypress Lawn ■ Pmetery, via Third and Town-
send streets (broad gauge) rain at 11:30 a. m.
STaNICH— In this cit^-. February 17. 1837.
Steve, belo.ed son of Jacob and Mary Stamen,
a uative of San Francisco, a;ed 1 year 1 month
and 21 days.
43TThe funeral will ta'« place THIS DAY
(Friday), at 1 o'clock p. v.. from the residence
: of the parents. 2043 vi: Folsom street. Interment
I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
i SMITH— tn th- Cltv anl Conntr Hosni*.»l. Feb-
niar.- 18. 1 97 Bridget Rmltb. a-red 60 years.
" McAVOY it CAI.LACHERJ C
FDNKRAL DIRKCTORS A EMBALMI-ns,
20 trutb. St., Opp. Lincoln School.
. Telephone 8080.
F. L. GUNTZ. H. W. OANTNER,
GANTNHR & GUNTZ,
Funeral Directors and liners.
8 and 10 CITY UALL SyUAKJE.
Telephone South 432.
LAUREL HILL
CEMETERY ASSOCIATION
IS PREPARED TO CONTINUE THE SALB
of burial p ats and graves in it» cemetery aaj
give deeds. , ... .. ■
Perpetual care of lots will be arranged for at the
Superintendent's office at the cemet«-ry, corner
Bush street and Central avenue. San Framisco.
MOUNT OLIVET CEMETERY,
SAN MATEO COUNTY: NEAREST CEJf».
tery to the city ; non-sectarian ; In no sens* •*.
dative: location unexcelled. OQtew bUJ U MM
•ueeb souiacasi corner w «lxi«.
73
1314
THOMAS COLLINS, Who Identifies Butler as a British Sailor
Named Ashe.
HE KNEW ASHE
AT COQUIMBO
Thomas Collins, Who Is an
Ex- Marine, Makes a
Statement.
Ashe Came Aboard the Triumph
From the Prison Ship
Liffey.
He Proved to Bi Always a Sociabi-
Person and Seemed Not at All
Like a Murderer.
It was stated in yesterday's Call that
two ex-marines named Thomas Collins
and John Conway, the first named of
whom once served on H. M. S. Triumph,
both knew Ashe, the man accused of the
Blue Mountain murders. Collins commu
nicated the following interesting particu
lars yesterday afternoon:
"My name is Thomas Collins and while
acting police corporal of marines I had
many interviews with 'Darky' Ashe. 1
first made his acquaintance at Coquimbo,
Chile. I was theu employed as au acting
ship's corporal, although 1 was a marine.
1 left England in H. M. 8. Triumph, which
■was to relieve the Swiftsure, then at Co
quimbo. We arrived May 1, ISBS. The
bwiftsure left for home on or about the
latter end of May or the beginning of
June. Several 'casuals' came aboard the
Triumph and among those who reported
for duty was this man Ashe, otherwise
called 'Darky' Ashe.
"The other vessels there at the time
were her Majesty's ships Heroine, Sappho,
sloop-of-war, and the prison ship Liffey,
which was always there. When these
'casuals' reported aboard it was my busi
ness to iniorm the officer of the watch:
'Sir, there are several casuals come aboard
from the Sappho, Heroine and Liffey to
report lor duty on H. M. S. Triumph as
flagship at this station.'
"The ofhcer of the watch would then
say : Go and acquaint the chief of police.'
"When the chief comes ur> he brings
his watchbook with him. On this oc
casion he finally reached Ashe. and to the
best of my recollection he said:
" 'What ship are you irorn?'
"Ashe made reply : 'The Liffey.'
"The ciiief asked: 'What department
•were you employed in on your last
vessel?"
"Ashe said: 'In the forecastle.'
"The forecastle men do not often go
aloft. A?he was continually under mv
observation in the police department until
I left the vessel, September 1, 1886. I
never knew detinitely why he was placed
on the prison slnj«, but it was claimed tbat
Le was doing twenty-eight days on the
Liffey for stealing a midshipman's napkin
ring.
"Ashe was on and off until I left the
veesel September 1, 1»86. 1 visited the
Triumph in 1887, when she called at this
pert, but I never saw Aahe, though I was
never told that he wasn't there. He was:
always a sociable kind of a fellow and did
not Reen to be a man who would become
a murderer. I saw him to-day arid he is
the same man. With regard to the photo
praph, I would say that it is the custom,
when a photographer come? aboard, for
us to change clothes -with one another
and rig ourselves up in all shapes and
styles.
"I have a good many photographs of
this 'kind, and as nearly as I can recollect
the photograph you reproduced yester
day was that of 'Darky' Ashe. 1 "wasn't
quite sure at. first, because 1 only saw him
for a moment as he entered the Ap
praisers' building. When I saw him to
day be gave me the hearty grip one might
expect after a long separation.
"I said 'How do, "Darky"?' and he
said 'How do? 1
"Conway was his shipmate on H. M. S.
Sultan ki 1882, during the bombardment
of Alexandria, lie is now, to the best of
my knowledge, either on the Empire or
the Gipsy. He saw Asbe before 1 did and
told me about it. ' '"Darky" Aahe?' 1
asked, and he said 'Yes. 1 I saw him after
tbat and recognized nim.
"If you write to the Admiralty depart
ment, at Whitehall, London, and ask for
the list of men who served on board the
Sultan during the bombardment of Alex
andria you will get all the information you
desire regarding him."
UNIQUE COLLECTION OF DRAW
INGS.
A Lnrge and Valuable Private Collec
tion of Advertisement Sketches to
I'.e Exhibited.
The rapid development of the illustra
tive feature in modern advertising will be
shown next Friday and Saturday at a free
sketch exhibit in the L'asterbrook build
ing, 20-24 Geary street. This exhibit has
been arranged at tbe suggestion of many
business men, who are anxious to study
the most effective methods of advertis
ing. The display has been loaned and
arranged by Wilder <fc Co., the advertising
specialists, and will include many of their
beat pen and ink drawings, with reproduc
tions in color, and an exhibit of cuts in
different stages, from the photographic
negative to the completed s'.nco and
electrotype in everyday use. It will be a
very thorough exhibit ot many things not
wholly clear to business men, whose needs
have created a demand for this class of
work. The exhibit will be open day and
evening, and everybody is invited to
view it.
DR. JAMES' ESTATE
IS THE PRIZE
Interesting Testimony Is
Taken in Judge Ccffey's
Court.
Bitter Attack Made Upon the
Character of Mrs. Laura
Milen-James.
Aspersions That Are Indignantly
Repudiated by the Little Woman
in tbe Case.
Judge Coffey's courtroom has been
crowded with women recently, for the
testimony in the case of Mrs. Laura Milen-
Jauies, who claims to be the widow of the
late Dr. Charles A. James by virtue of a
contract marriage, is growing interesting.
When women throng the judicial forum
it is safe to assume that something relat
ing to marriage or divorce is on the docket.
Mrs. James, as she is termed by her at
torneys, or Miss Milen, as she is called by
the lawyers who represent the kith and
kin of Dr. James, claims the $.SO,OOO estate
of the decedent on the ground that she is
his widow and the motner of his child.
Her opponents aver that her claims are
fraudulent, say that her so-called marriage
contract is fabricated and bogus, and
allege a conspiracy to get the property,
going so far as to declare that Dr. James,
who was an old man, was not the father
of the cnild produced in court, and at
tempt to show that lie had not met her
more than eight months before the birth
of the alleged heir. To controvert this
assumption the ostensible widow has in- j
troduced the testimony of herself and J
others to establish lor her infant a status, j
Mrs. Miien-James' character has not i
escaped in the general melee. An attack !
uas teen made on the ctiarge that she i
associated with several men, some old I
and some young, previous to and after j
her acquaintance with Dr. James.
All tnese things are indignantly rejmdi- j
ated by the little woman, and it is ad- ;
milted on all sides that through me terri- |
bie ordeal of the tiresome, rasping court
proceedings she has borne eraelf in a
cr dituble manner, which has won for her '
the respect of ail spectators.
Mrs. Saran Jane Williams testified that
she had known Dr. James since 1870. He !
often visited the house where she was liv- j
ing. He went there to call on Judge Hud- !
son. A short time before his death she j
talked with him and jestingly remarked
that she and the Judge had bean wonder
ing what had become of him; that they
did not know whether he had oeen sick or
had been off gettine married, like young
boys of bis age were apt to do. He *aid
no, that he had not been sick nnd i ad not
been getting married, as he had had
enoueh of that. The next time she saw
him he was dead. She heard no exclama
tion of mourning in the room where he
lay a corpse. She saw Mrs. Laura Milen-
James in the room.
Henry Dickman, husband of Lulu Milen
Dickman, a sibter ot Laura Milan James,
testified that he authorized trie senuing 01
a telegram to Miss Mattie James, a niece
of the late Dr. James, informing her of her
uncle's death. He also authorized the
•tending of a power of attorney to Mattie
James, as he wished to be appointed her
representative here. His telegram told
her that she was trie principal claimant.
He was introduced by his w:te to his sis
ler-in-law Laura as "Mrs. Dr. James"
about ten days before the marriage, but
did rioi take it seriously.
Mrs. Sarah J. Zoilinger testified ihat in
18! M she kept a looping- house at -18 Leav
enwonh street. .She continued :
"Mr. and Mrs. Dickman first came to
my House on Sep:ember 16, 1894. The
Milens also were there in October. On
December 14, 1894, Mrs. Milen, Mrs. Dick
man and Laura Hilen were at my house.
In the evening they went out and came
back between 10 and 12 o'clock at night,
and with them were three gentlemen, who
remained all night. After that night Mrs.
Milen anil Laura left, and only returned
on the loth and 16tb to help Mrs. Dick
man to move her things.
"I did not see Mrs. Milen again until
the time that Dr. James lay deaa. As I
walked on Sixth street, near Market, 1
chanced to meet Mrs. Milen, and she
attked nio to accompany her to her then
home. As Mrs. Dickman had left owing
me some rent 1 was interested in ascer
taining where she lived. Mrs. Milen put
her hand on my shoulder and said, 'My
landlord is dead,' and she wanted to know
if the administrator couid put them out
of the bouse when they had paid their
rent until the middle of next month. 1
tola her they c^uld not if they had a re
ceipt. She kind of smiled and said they
'would have a receipt all right. '
"There were other people living at my
house at that time. Among them were
the Shafers, relatives of the Milens, from
San Jose. Others were named Green,
Jackson. Miller and Jones."
Mrs. Mary Gallagher testified that she
was in the house at 925 Howard street
when Dr. James died. "1 went into the
death chamber soon alter the doctor died
and found there Mrs. Milen, Laura Milen
and Mrs. Dickman. Mrs. Milen said that
she and Laura had just returned from the
theater and asked the doctor if there was
anything that he wanted and he said
'No.' Soon after that he died. Mr?.
Milen told the undertaker that they were
perfect strangers, ana that the doctor had
no relatives here. Mr*. Dickman told me
that it was too bad the doctor died, as he
was engaged to her sister. Laura was not
present when this remark was made."
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 19, 1897.
A LOVING CUP TO
A LOVING COUPLE
Notable Reception to Pro
fessor and Mrs. Joseph
Le Conte.
The Mark Hopkins Institute of
Art Crowded With
Celebrities.
Governor Budd Congratulates tlie As
sembly Upon the Bills Passed in
Beha f of the University.
State official?, led by Governor Budd,
members of the Legislature, regents and
ex-regents of the University of California,
the faculty of the university and of Stan
ford and of Cooper Medical College, princi
pals of the public schools, City officials
led by Mayor Phelan, Justices of the State
and Federal Supreme courts and of trie
Superior Court, members of the Hopkins
Institute of Arl, graduates of the State
university, and still others, gathered in a
multitude last evening, such as taxed the
Mark Hop Kins Institute of Art to contain
them, to do nonor to l'rofes.-or and Mrs.
Joseph Le Contc.
It was a celebration of the golden wed
ding anniversary of these two, and a
loving-cup was to be presenter to them.
The wedding anniversary occurred and
was celebrated while the professor and
his wife were visiting their old home in
the s>outh, but this was an outburst or a
demonstration of the affection of those
among whom the worthy couple have
spent the latter half of their lives.
It was a ;;atherin^ and a demonstration
notable in every way, and was affecting
not alone to tho^e in whose honor it toot
place. Stormy as was the night there was
a ihrong so great as to find difficulty in
moving about through the spacious halls
of the institute.
For nearly an hour Professor and Mrs.
Le Conte, standing on a platform in the
salon, under a canopy of fern;, snook
hands with those of their friends who
could get near them. Their daughter
Carolina aud their son Joseph N. were
with them.
A little later they took their places in
the balcony, where they could best be
seen and heard, and President Kellogg
presented the beautilul token to them, in
these words:
I have here a beautiful sift for those In
whcse honor this company is gathered. It is
a loving cup of pure gold. Inscribed with
j legends significant and appropriate. on one
of its three sides is the seal of the university,
on another the great seal of the State, and on
the third the gilt inscription, as follows:
! "This loving cup is a token of affection fr,om
I many hearts."
. In this gift the regents of the university tes
! tify their appreciation ot me man whom, in
j the very beginnings of the university, they
: called to teach the beat results of scientific
[ thought and investigation.
His colleagues, who have known him long
i and well, hereby express their admiration
I and love of the eldest and most distinguished
! member of the teaching mff. Tney take
i pleasure In calling to mind his varied acquire
ments, his clearness of thought, his tone and
, i euuiy of expression, his unfailing courtesy
! and Helpfulness, and the modesty with which
he wears his multiplying laurels.
The students whom lie has met during a
round quarter of a century hereby testify their
admiration and love of one whose lectures no
student was willing to miss, whose addresses
and writings have been a great*attraction of
their college life. Most of tuese students have
gone out into the world, but they retain their
fond regard for their favorite protessor. Others
there are who join in this testimonial. This
man has been more than a university pro
fessor. Ho has entered into the life of this
community and has become a name to conjure
by. Culifornians are proud of his National
unit trans-Atlantic reputation. His late visit
to the Eastern States and to England but
shown us how certain it is that w •■_■ own a fore
most man of science, a writer of renown, an
acknowledged authority in the higher ranees
of thought.
The climax of his recent visit was reached a
little more than a month ago, when, at the
home of a daughter, Dr. and Mrs. Le Conte
■were surrounded by all their children and
grandchildren, and celebrated their eolden
wedding. It was not simply the climax of a
sort of triumphal tour: it was the culminating
felicity of two long and singularly happy lives.
It was the crown of joy for the two Hie-long
lovers.
As a sequel to that occasion we present to
them to-night this loving cup, in token of our
most heartfelt congratulations. It is the
poeulum caritatis, me cup of grace of the old
English, monasteries, tne loving cup of the
modern time. In its use, dear friends, per
haps, you will think of the plaintive formula,
■ Bene vos; bene iioj. Long may you live to re
call this cveniug scene, to enjoy still the un
alloyed bliss of a true marriage of kindred
souls. We all echo the lioratiau benediction,
Seri in coclum redeatis.
The orchestra joined with the throng in
applauding the address and in greeting
Professor Le Conte as tie arose. He was
visibly affected.
"My friends." he said, "this kindness,
1 this generosity, thin affection, love, I
may say, of the faculty, of the resents, of
; the graduates and of the students of the
university — it overwhelms ma until 1
know not what to say.
It has culminated in this reception, an honor
which I cannot lake to myself, but share it
with my wife. It is certainly beyond my
merit. How can I account for it except that
deep down in the hearts of all there is a well
of Human kindness. I have been with you
from year to year, but you have still been
seeking occasion to shower it upon me, and
now this golden wedding has offered the occa
sion. I am glad that my wife may snare it
with me. :
la my connection wltn the university, at
I its very birth, I felt this same quickening in
fluence. I felt then as I feel now that it was
founded on more natural principles than any
other. I nave watched it «row until it stands
in the first rank of the educational institu
tions of the country. To have thus grown up
with it. is that not something to have lived
for?
Need I say that the crown of my honors that
you speatof lay in a happy married life ? It
is God's message. In such a life there is no
room for selfisnncfs. In a union so close there
is no room for "rights." How wo net about
rights. Duty itself Is a form of bondage. Love
is freedom. I accept this loving cup aa a
symbol of eternal and indissoluble union.
Governor Budd made a short address,
speaking as a graduate of the university
and addressing "Professor Joseph and
Mrs. I'rofessor Joe" as they "used to do."
He spoke of the bills for the support and
extension of the university that have just
passe.l the Legislature and of the pleasure
he would have in signing them.
The loving cup is a genuine loving enp,
with three handles, and is the largest
single piece of gold ever worked up by
Shreve. It is nine inches high by seven
across the handles. On the first face is a
raised wreath of green gold surrounding
the inscription : '"To Professor and Mr?.
Le Contf-, from the University of Califor
nia. 1547-1897." Underneath the wreath
is a raised oxidized gold ribbon upon
which is enameled in blue the Latin in
scription: "Faraa Semper Vivat" (May
your fame live forever).
On one of the other faces is a raised
seal in blue enamel and gold — the colors
and the seal of the University of Cali
fornia. On the third face in raised
oxidized gold is the great seal of the State
of California. The general color of the
cup is polished gold.
Telegrams were received from gradu
ates and others in many places through
out the country and a number o! floral
tokens, one of these from the pupils of Le
Conte school.
The case is covered with black goatskin
and ia lined with blue silk.
The Loving Cup Presented by the University of California to
Professor and Mrs. Joseph Le Conte in Honor of Their
Golden Wedding.
EMMANUEL MEYER
HAS ASSIGNED
All His Books Turned Over
to A. Vignier Yes
terday.
Business Stagnation and Former
Heavy Rent Were the
Causes.
$
Sixty Creditors, $31,000 Liabilities,
and Assets Gooj and Bad in
the Same Sum-
Emmanuel Meyer & Co., importers and
wholesale and retail dealers in groceries,
liquors and table cieiicacies, located in
business at 303 Sutter street, have failed,
and for the benerit of their creditors have
assigned to A. Vignier, the largest
creditor.
The liabilities of Meyer— for, despite
the firm name, he has no partner — are
about $.'51,000, and the a?set'-, «ood and
bad, foot up the same amount.
A. Vignier is creditor to the amount of
about $tfooo, and the other principal credi
tors are the Anglo-Cslifornian Bank, D.
Myer, J. H. Wheeler, William Wolff and
I. Levy.
The assignment was made by the advice
of A. Ruef, Meyers attorney, and took
place in his ollice on Montgomery street
late yesterday afternoon. All the books
containing a record of Meyer's business
were turned over to Vignier.
There are sixty creditors in all, but to
some Meyer is in debt only slightly. His
own statement of the cause of the assign
ment is as follows:
"Five years ago 1 went into business on
Market, street, opposite O'Brien's. My
rent was $450 a month. I began to fall
behind and waited patiently for the lease
to expire, which occurred two years ago.
"Then 1 moved to 303 Sutter street where
rent was lower. Bat business stagnation
affected me so much that I had to assign.
I am now in the Hands of "my creditors.
I have done all in my power. I can do
no more."
BURNS MONUMENT FUND.
Knthuaiagtlc Meeting of th« Mamben
of the Committee— Reports
Adopted.
There was an enthusiastic meeting of
the Burns monument committee of the
Caledonian Club in Scottish Hall last
ni<:ht.
The committee on mode of procedure
and organization appointed at the previous
meeting submitted its report, which
was read by Secretary Y. C. Lawson and
adopted clause by clause. It provides
that the officers shall consist of a presi
dent, vice-president, treasurer and secre
tary; that the committee shall meet in
Scottish Hall every Thursday evening at
8 o'clock and eight shall constitute a
quorum.
A supplementary report was adopted
recommending a mode of procedure toward
raising funds, as follows:
That we first receive subscriptions from the
members of the committee. That we canvass
the leading members of the community for
subscriptions in large sum«. That we "then
h«ve subscription books circulated through
out the Pacific Coast and make efforts to secure
popular subscriptions. That the committee
arrange during the year /or one or two enter
tainments in aid of the fund, said entertain
ments to be arranged upon a large scale, and
with the hope of realizing a very lartje sum of
money. Thai wits committee, wnile ack
nowledging the many courteous offers made,
will accept no benefits tendered until after the
celebrations airecily on its own account have
been held.
I). R. McNeil, president of the Caledo
nian Club, was unanimously elected vice
president, and the committees on mode of
procedure and additional memoers were
amalgamated till tde additional nineteen
members aro selected, when the executive
committee will be appointed. These two
committees consist of Jnnr"< McNnb, John
F. Kennedy, Secretary Y. C. Lawson.
President Colin M. Boyd, Vice-President
D. K. McNeil, and Andrew Wilkie, presi
dent of the St. Andrew's Society. Presi
dent Boyd waa authorized to name one
more to make ttie joint committee seven.
They nro pt-pp- ju their profession— binding
or printing. The Mysell-Rolllns Co., 22 Clay.*
JOACHIMSEN WILL
FIGHT IT OUT
The Police Court Attorneys
Must Give Him His
Way.
Chinese Highbinders and Their
Counsel Still on the
Aggressive.
Heathen Gamblers May Have tc
Stand Upon Trial if it Takes a
Lifetim .
Judee Joachimsen held another levee
yesterday afternoon in his court.
The Chinese who were arrested last Sat
urday night in their hii;ubinder and
gambling resorts were there ju^t as they
were the duy before, with a determination
to thwart justice and make things thor
oughly disagreeable.
There were more than ten score of the
heathens crowded into the courtroom,
and they, like their feilow-defendants of
the day before, were ready to be con
tumacious in refusing to plead guilty or
otherwise.
Five defendants were called to the bar,
and iDterpretor Louis ix>cke translated to
them individually the complaint as tiled.
The court was obliged to take the same
course observed in the cases^of Lee Chung,
Wong Lung and Yee Chee the day pre
vious, culling for v jury trial, winch in
volves the attendance or nearly 500 tales
men to makeup the juries.
The breach between Major Smith, who
represents the Chinese, and ex-Judge
Louderback, who represents the prose
cution as special counsel, lias not closed.
Loud-rback refuses absolutely to try all
the delendauts at one time, because he
says that a conviction obtained that way
woutd be sure of a reversal or new trial
if appealed to the Superior Court. Hence
ho insists upon an individual trial or a
plea of guilty that would settle the cases
by the payment of a line.
On the other side. Attorney Smith ex
pects to clear his clients, and while he is
wilhnx to try any one of them as a test
to go for all. he declares ho will try each
man's case from the reading of the com
plaint to the Judge's charge to the jury if
the prosecution insists it should be done
that way.
The spirit of antagonism shown at the
present tiice between the contending par
lies must necessarily involve the expendi
ture of pome years of criminal trials in
Judge Joachlmsen's court it" those con
cerned stick to the line they have drawn.
This is true for the reason that no one
case can ba carried to a conclusion, with
the usual delays to which a defendant is
entitled, inside of a week, and there are
over 232 defendants now at the bar.
Jtidjre Joachimsen, in speaking of the
dilemma whicn threatens to block his
court, said yesterday :
•'Of course I am opposed to having the
affairs of ray court clogged. 1 want to at
tend to ilie affairs as they come along in
the usual way and work night and day to
do so if necessary. But in these cases it is
quite different. There is no necessity for
any clogging and I will not permit it if I
can do otherwise. The law requires that
the complaints be made separately and
they have been drawn in that wav, but I
do not see why it is necessary for the de
fense to demand the reading of the com
plaint in English and in Chinese in each
case. Then the defendant remains mute
and contumacious, compelling the court
to give him a plea of not guilty and a jury
trial.
"Such proceeding* sre wrong and the at
torneys tnemselves could avoid it. Still,
I am here as the servant of the people ana
if it is necessary 1 will continue to the
end of my term trying these Chinese
cases. I hardly believe that the attorneys
for the defense can, afford to do as much
for their client?. 1 '
Will Celebrate \V.-..!n:i l ;i,,n\ Birthday.
Members of the American Protective Asso
ciation will celebrate Washington's birthday
by an entertainment and dauce in the even
ing at California Hall. A programme has
bten arranged, the main feature ol which is a
short address by George H. Fitch. M.D., on
, 'The Ten Lost Tribes oi Israel.'' Members of
the general committee are Messrs. Batchelor,
\Verner and Koimer; Mrs. Annie Jlubbell,
Mrs. Kiancn Baekma:i ami Miss Mettie Ingen
thorn. The floor committee consists ol Mrs
i K. Mroug, Mrs. H. L. Howard. Mrs. Anna
Crosny and Mrs. Minnie Clarlc.
Jkwklrv store. 5 and 7 Third street, removed to
303 Kcuruy street.
EAGER TO PULL
THE TURK'S BEARD
Members of the Greek Colony
Are in a Warlike
Humor.
Proud of Their K ; ng and Their
Country and Ready to Die
for Both.
A Very Larce Gathering Is Exp cted
on Sunday From All Ov^r
the Pac fij Coast
A. J. Kosta, one of the leadinp spirits in
the patriotic movement among the Greek
residents of thi3 City, is a man who has
seen some service in various parts ot the
world. By virtue of a four years' connec
tion with the United States navy, as well
as by birth, he is fuliy entitled to speak
and to act in the name of a warlike cause.
Mr. Kosta left vis native city of Athens
more than twenty years ago, and worked
for some time on board the passenger
steamers then plying between England
and the East Indies. He joined the Amer
ican corvette Ticonderoga, Captain Crom
well, at Cape Town, a few years later, and
accompanied that vessel throughout a
long voyage, in the course of which he
visited nearly every port of consequence
in the Eastern Hemisphere. He settled
on the Pacific Coast in 1882, and has lived
here ever since, and has thiived under the
stars and strh.es. Tbongb his naval train
ing and protracted residence in the West
have made him a thorough American in
sentiment, be, iit:e the rast of his country
men in this narr of the world, has not for
gotten the ties of birth, and now that the
mother country reems destined to fight,
he has pledged himself to don a military
uniform, shoulder a musket and hasten to
her assistance 6hould recruits be really
needed.
"We were overjoyed to hear that King
George bad declared his intention of com
manding his forces in person," said Air.
Kosta last night. "It needed but that to
decide every one of us here to defend with
our blood, if need be, the integrity of our
country. I am receiving assurances of
sympathy and assistance from all
over the country — from Loa Angeles,
Sacramento, Fresno, Stockton, Yal
lejo, San Jose, from Portland, Or.,
1 and from Seattle, and we expect that
many of our countrymen from all these
plai'-es will be present at the bar.q-iet and
speech-making on Sunday evening.
"1 have also received a leiier from
Honolulu, where there are about hall a
dozen Greeks, pledging every man amon^
tbem to join our company when called
upon."
Of the six principal speakers, who will
address the meeting on Snnday, i>i their
native tongue, each man has selected a
separate aspect of the subject of which to
! treat. Vauvales, for t-zampie, will ex
plain the work of the Hellenic Mutual
Benevolence Society ant its connection
with the movement", while Kosta himself
will review the history of the Cretan
crisis and the attitude of the Greek Gov
ernment toward it. P. N'rettos, who
served for many years in the Greek army,
is regarded as the probable leader of the
prospective expedition, thou b, as yet, no
final arrangements have been made to
officer the company. Thu younger mem
bers of the Greek colony can scarcely con
tain themselves in anticipation of the
moment when they will, figuratively
speaking, ta«e the Turk by the beard.
Stelzner's Keply to Jeffries.
In reply to a statement of J. J. Jeffries which
Appeased in a morning paper. Jack stelzner
says that he stands ready to meet Jeffries at
any timo Mfter three wteKs troin to-day in a
ten-round boat >r in a contest to a finish.
Jeffries stated that Stelzner had co;d feet and
did not want to fi?ht him. This statement,
has warmed up the to- queror of Van Bus
kirk, end lie now bopes for a meeting with
Jeffries when he (Stelsnor) is in good physical
coudition.
Broke His Left Leg.
Fritz Kayser of the Coliseum saloon, 910
Market street, attempted to eject two young
men yesterday morning who refused to r>ay
for pool games. During tne scuffle Kayser's left
leg was broken. He was taken to ihe .Receiving
Hospital in the ambulance.
NEW TO-DAT.'
g That hideous and deathly '
■t«e» &?* demon of sickness — constipa-
tion, is an easy enough thing to cure if I
you take the right medicine. Constipa- i
tion is one of the commonest things in the
world. It is really one of the most seri- \
ous things. Fully nine-tenths of all the j
ordinary sickness of mankind is due to !
this one cause. If you place an obstruc- i
tion in the gutter, it will stop the flow of
water, and gradually a mass of poison- i
ous, putrefying matter will accumulate.
That is exactly what happens in the
digestive organs when constipation be-
gins. Poisonous matter accumulates and
is forced into the blood. It goes all over
the body and causes all sorts of symp-
toms. A few of these are dizziness, flatu-
lence, heartburn, palpitation, headaches,
loss of appetite, loss of sleep, foul breath,
distress alter eating, biliousness and erup-
tions of the skin. These things are un-
pleasant, but they are not serious. The
serious things come afterward. Doctor
Pierces Pleasant Pellets are for the cure
of constipation. They are tiny, sugar-
coated granules, easy to take, mild and
efficient in their action. One is a gentle
laxative, two a mild cathartic. There is
nothing else in the world like them.
There is nothing that takes their place.
There is nothing "just as good, " although
lieing and unscrupulous druggists may
sometimes tell you so for their own profit.
Do you want to lose your health so that
the druggist can get rich?
"gSgip^tt,^ The People's Common Sense
' ,_ Medical Adviser, in plain En-
*£CP%-^" glish. or Medicine Simplified by
Sjhsp^ R.V. Fierce. M.D., Chief Consult-
*""*•► t Htot"*' in " Physician to the Invalids' Ho-
S"3*i^ A** l *" tel and Surgical Institute, Buffalo,
\Eojxo&* N. V., 1008 paecs. illustrated
; ' f I 650.000 copies sold at $1.50. Now
t '■ I seat, paper-bound, absolutely
&^ I ■or j fkee on receipt of 21 one-cent
: *?\A starncs to pay for mailing only,
>>tir->^ Atfdrc&fc the Author, as above
Witt's Mai Vsptalib Pills
Are acknowledged by thousanus of persons who
have us^d tiieiu for over ion . years to cure
8 IK HEADACHE, <i lliDI \ KS-, C >NsTTPA-
TIO.s, Torpid Liver, Weak Stomach, Pimples and
purify the h.00.!.
Crossmai'sSjiicifiiiS
. With mis .eiueuy (woods can cure luemtelves
without ih« least exposure,' coange of diei or
ehuiige in application to business. The medicine
contains nothing hut is of the least Injury to tlie
constitution. Ask your druggist for it. iMce *1
L » bolt id
NEW TO-DAT.
SPECIAL
CLOSING-OUT
A T.TT!
OF
MACKINTOSHES
AND
umbrellas:
TO MAKE A CLEAN SWEEP
of the entire balance of our stock
of Mackintoshes and Umbrellas
they are offered TO-DAY at the
following «
Proflidons Reductions!
At $2.00.
CHILDREN'S M ACKINTO SHES in navy
blue and mixed colors, value $3, will '
be closed out at %'l each.
At "s3^so.
LADIES' MACKINTOSHES in navy and
black, two capes, value $5, will be
closed out at $3 50 each.
• At $s]oo.
LADIES' MACKINTOSHES, in one cape,
value 50, will be closed oat at $5
each.
At $6.50. a
LADIES' MACKINTOSHES, ™n two
capes, in navy and black, value $9,
will be closed out at $6 50 each.
At $5.50.
TAN MACKINTOSHES, in two capes, ;
velvet collar, plaid lining, value $12 50,
will be closed out at $8 50 each.
' At $10.00.
LADIES' MACKINTOSHES, in one cape, '
extra quality and finish, in navy and
b.ack, value $15, will be closed out at
$10 each. . .
UMBRELLAS!
At $1.75.
LADIES' UMBRELLAS, in handsome
Dresden handles, English Gloria Silk,
value $3. $3 50 and $4, will be closed
out at $1 75 each.
Urlf Murphy Building, f
Market and Jones Strseti
Philadelphia
Shoe CO. No. 10 Third St.
STAMPED ON A SHOE MEANS STANDARD OF MERIT
— — —^—^ I
HOBBY, rTI -^
STYLISH. f-v^S. V
OXLY $2.03. l?Nr^Sr^
WILL STAND THE TEST.
Our competitors often claim that they
sell as good shoes for the money as we do.
Don't take iheir word for it, or ours either.
Bui judge for yourself, compare our shoe's
and prices with others before purchasing,
We know what the result will be. Oo{r
Shoes will stand the test, and that
is how we have built up our repu tatioji.
Special for this week: Ladles' Extra Fine
Vici Kid Button Shoes, Cloth or Kid Tops,
Kazor or Medium J-^qnare Toes and V-
shaped Patent Leatner Tips, Circular
Vamps and Heel Foxing. Flexible Solep,
Reverted Button Flies. Reduced during
this sale to Si.oO. Thlsiine is complete,
new, nobby and stylish. Why buy odds,
and ends elsewhere when you can boy
such a bargain here for less money? 1
ft~B~ Country orders solicited. ■
JG9T Bend for New Illustrated Catalogue.
Address
B. KATCHINSKI,
PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO,
10 Third St., San FrancNoo. '
- "^""""""""'T'^
It. A.Bertellns. Pres. H. Nordman. Vlc«-Pre» 1
A. W. Kirk. Sec. Joa. Xordman, Tre»».
427 KEARNY STREET
WILL REMOVE TO !
16 KEARNY STREET
THIS MONTH. ;
o-o-000000-00000
AN EXCELLENT
TK 71"C A T Properly prepared and
IVI I" 1 /A I promptly served, can
*"**-** &.£_/ always be obtained in
THE GRILL ROOM OF THE
Decidedly the T> AT A /^"C 1
Most Popular PA 1 A I *P.
Dining Apart- A AbilViLi
ment in town. — — imMir""— ■■ t
000-0000000000
Baja California
Dam iana Bitters
19 A POWERFUL APHKODISIAC AND*
specific tonic for the sexual and urinary oixans 1
of both sexes, and a great remedy for diseases of 1
the kidneys and bladder. A great Restorative,
Invigorator and Nervine. Sells on its own Merits:
no loug-wiuded testimonials uece-sary.
NABKK, ALI-S & iiKUNK, Agents."
333 Market St.. S. — (Send for Circular)
NOTARY PUBLIC.
7~<HAKLE3 H. PHIIXII's. ATIDiiNEV-AT-
\J Law and Notary Public, 638 Market sr., oppo-
site Palace Hotel. Telephone 570. Residence loiJ
L fell street. Telephone " Pine " 2591.