VOLUME LXXXI.-NO. 144.
BRAVE GREEKS
TEMPORARILY
CHECK TURKS
Crown Prince Personally;
Commands During the
Brilliant Resistance.
EDHEM PASHA'S TROOPS ON THE
WAY TO LARISSA. I
But a New Element of Danger to Ottoman
Success Is the Threatened Joining of
the Servians With the People
of the Hellenes*
Very meager and conflicting are the reports from the Thessalian
frontier. It would seem, however, that there has been a pause in the
inarch of the Turkish forces upon Larissa.
One report is that Edhem Pasha, the commander-in-chief of the
Turkish forces in Macedonia, has returned to Elassona to secure re-en
forcements, desiring to make success certain in the attack on Larissa
by force of numbers. However, both sides are rushing forward all
their available re-enforcements, preparatory to a great battle that may
virtually decide the war.
Advices from Athens indicate that Larissa, the headquarters of
c Greek army, has not yet been invested by the Turks. The Otto
man forces penetrated as far as Mati, where there was a fierce engage
ment and brilliant resistance on the part of the Greeks. Crown Prince
Constantine was in the battle.
A new element of interest and importance has entered the conflict.
Bulgaria shows her teeth to Turkey and demands certain concessions,
which, if denied, will cause the Bulgarian army to be mobilized.
Private advices received in San Francisco last night show that not
only Bulgaria but Montenegro and Servia may join with Greece in the i
war against Turkey.
Nelson A. Miles, the commanding general of the United States
army, is going to Europe to observe the warfare between the Turks
and the Greeks. The assignment of an officer of such high rank is
considered as indicating the belief of this Government that there are
prospects of a general European war.
NEWS IS CONFLICTING.
But It Is Certain That Both Sides
Are Preparing: for a Decisive
Battle.
LONDON, Eng., April 22.— There is con
flict in the news from the seat of war.
Greek accounts are almost silent regard
ing the loss of Milouna Pass and the
Turkish advance toward Larissa, but give
full and most enthusiastic news anent the
fsuccesse? at Reveni and other points.
, These successes, however, are vaguely
. and confusedly described. A series of
(reports emanating from Larissa indicate
'that the Mti and Ligaria positions are
;now mainly in dispute. It appears that
?tbe Turks, after capturing these places,
! made sorties from them, but were com
pelled to retire after obstinate fightine
,' lasting throughout Tuesday. It is likely
to be found in several instances that re-
I ports, apparently distinct, actually refer
(to the s&iii* incidents, owing to mistakes j
arising from the confusion of dates and J
tte fact that many places have two or j
more names.
Dispatches from the Turkish side are
atill strangely meager, although those
I which come confirm the previous accounts
■ot the successful invasion of Thessaly.
• The capture of some positions at Nezeros,
which ib admitted by the Greeks, is
claimed by Turkish sources to have been
a complete seizure of all positions there,
♦ neutralizing whatever advantages the I
Greeks h.iv* obtained elsewhere on the
Thessalinn frontier, as the position at
Is'ezeros is very strong.
There is no direct news from the front
later tnan midday Wednesday, when the
fighting «t Kntiri was proceeding. One
A GENERAL VIEW OF THE CITY OF SALONICA, WHICH IS THREATENED BY THF GREEK FLEET
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
| report says fighting stopped then, neither
i Mdc having tne advantage. Kritiri is be
! tween Milouna and Turnavo. It is vir
tually csrtain that the Turks had not then
occupied the latter place, nor are very
near Larissa.
An unconfirmed report emanating from
Salonica, the Turkish base, represents
Edhem Pasha, the Turkish commander
in-chief, as having returned to Kius.-ona
to personally supervise the bringing of re
enforcements, being determined to make
success certain by force of numbers. It
is an undoubted fact that both sides are
rushing forward all available re-enforce
ments, and it is clear the great and decis
ive battle has not yet been fought.
BULGARIA'S THREAT.
Demands That Turkey Make Con
cessions or She Will Mobilize
Her Army.
CONST AN TINOFLE, TtRKEY. April 22.
The Sultan's Ministers are more deeply
concerned in a sndden diversion made by
Bulgaria than they are in the righting go
ing on in Theasaiy. Immediately after
the actual breaking out of the war became
known Monday the Bulgarian agent in
Constantinople, Marcoff, obtained an in
terview with the Sultan and informed his
Majesty that unless warrants for five more
Bulgarian bishops in Macedonia and the
nomination of Bulgarian commercial
agents at Uskub and Monastir were
L-ranted at once, Bulgar.a would begin
mobilizing her army Saturday.
On Tuesday Marcoff repeated the state
ment, which amounted to an ultimatum
on the part of Bulgaria. The Sultan
souzht to temporize with the Bulgarian
SAN FRANCISCO, FRIDAY MORNING, APRIL 23, 1897.
agen\ and the Rus
sian Embassadoralso
told Marcoff that the
moment for such ac
tion on the part of
Bulgaria is inoppor
tune, but Bulgaria
nevertheless persists
in a determination to
mobilize her army if
the demands are not
granted.
Prince Ferdinand
of Bulgaria had a cor
dial interview with
the German Emperor
in Berlin Tuesday
and subsequently
hail a conference with
Baron Marschall yon
Beiberstein, the Ger
man Minister of For
eign affairs.
BRAVERY OF
GREEKS.
ATHENS. Greece,
April 22 —A teiegram
lrom Larissa was re
ceived this morninp,
indicating that that
place has not been
invested by the
Turks. The dispatch
says the Turks made
an attack yesterday
upon the town of
Mali, commanding
the road to Tur
navo. The Greeks
opened a furious
bombardment upon
the attacking force,
but the result of the
engagement *s not
yet known, though
a later report says
General Mastrapa's
bripaae continues to
make brilliant resist
ance to the assauts
of the Turks.
l'.a.li, a leader of
the opposition in the
Greek chamber, who
is now at Larissa,
The King and Queen and Crown Prince of Italy.
Queen Margherita was in the company of her consort when the attempt was made upon his life yesterday, if
the King had fallen a victim to the assassin's dagger he would have been succeeded by his son, Victor Kmanuel, the Crown
Prince of Italy. These pictures were drawn by "tail" artists from photographs of the royal personage* taken last year,
those of the King and Crowo Prince at Florence and that of her Majesty the Queen at Milan.
telegraphed Premier Delyanuis that no
viial point was yet in jeopardy, the posi
tions secured by the Turks being only of
secondary importance.
A Lari^a d:>- patch to-night nayn that a
charge of 3000 Turkish calvary to-day
was repulsed with ereat loss. Th«» fire
of the Greek artillery had a terrible effect.
Crown Princa Constatine was in the en
gagement.
Major Anzolinas, who was held responsi
ble for the loss of Greeks at Gritzobah
through a misunderstanding of orders and
who was romoved from command, com
mitted suicide at Turnavo.
LONDON. Eno., April 22.— A dispatch
■ent from Athens tnis afternoon says the
Turks have penetrated as far as Mali,
wiiere a tierce engagement was fought this
morning. F.ring ceased at midday. The
Greeks opposing Turkish advance were
unshaken in their firmness, but the situa
tion is extremely critical. The Turks
ereatly outnumber the Greeks.
LARISSA, Greece, April 22. — Roads
leading to this ci'y are blocked by fugi
tives for miles around, who fear a general
Turkish massacre. Large numbers of late
arrivals will be compelled to camp out, as
it is impossible to find accommodations.
The great influx has caused a scarcity of
food, but a plentiful supply of meat can
be obtained by slaughtering sheep and
cattle, large numbers of which have ar
rived. Hospitals are crowded to their
utmost capacity with soldiers', and other
wounded men ar«* being brought from the
front hourly. Nurses and surgeons are
completely exhausted by the v&st amount
of work they uave been called upon to per
form, and it is impossible for them to
stand the strain much longer. An ursent
appeal lias been sent to Athens for more
surgeons and nurses.
Some of the Turkish advance parties
around Turnavo have occupied Nezeros,
the Greeks having been greatly outnum
bered.
RETREAT FROM MATI.
Greeks Reported to Have Been
Obliged to Abandon Their
Position.
LONDON. E*b., April 22.— A dispatch
from Athens to the Chronicle, dated tnis
evening, says tue Greeks have been
obliged to retreat Irom Mu;i. If the Turks
succeed in capturing
the pass, the Greeks
will be compelled to
retreat to a second
strong line at Kaz
aeiar. The dispatch
adds the plan ot Ed
hem Pasha of enter
ing Thessaly by way
of the pass of Keveni
has been abandoned
owing to the victori
ous Greek resistance.
Fighting i* also go
ing on at Eievthero
chori.
It is rumored that
King George will
start for Thesraly on
Monday. Admiral
yon Uofe, commsnd
rr of the Turkish
fleet, has announced
ms intention of re
signing the com
mand if the fleet is
ordered to leave the
Hellespont, believ
ing the ships are en
tirety untited for
active operations.
WITNESS
THE WAR.
WASHINGTON,
April 23. — Major-
General Nelson A.
Miles, commanding
general of the army,
is going to Europe to
observe the opera
tions of the Turks
and Gr cks. He went
to the White House
this morning, iti com
pany with Secretary
Alger, and succeed
ed in convincing the
Pres dent ii would be
to the advantage oi
the military service
to have a competent
olficerwuh one of the
armies. Sheriilan and
McClellan had rep
resented the Gov-
eminent as military experts in European
wars and much valuable information was
obtained.
General Miles will sail without delay
and make haste to join the Turkish or
(ireeK force-. The assignment ol General
Miles H-.-is considered significant as indi
cating tiie belief of this Government that
a general European war may follow the
present hostilities. When Miles was in
formed that the War Departmeut in
tended to send Captain Secriven, the
military attache at Pome, be suggested
that the detail be given an ofticer of higher
rank, and his selection ultimately fol
lowed.
MASSACRES REPORTED.
Graek Christians Said to Have Been
Murdered— George's Fleet Golngr
to Constantinople.
ATHENS, Greece, April 22 —It i» re
ported thai massacres of Greek Curistians
have occurred near Prevesa.
SALONICA, Turkey, April 22.— 1t is re
ported that the Grrek fleet is proceeding
Continued on econd Page.
ITALY'S KING
THE TARGET OF
AN ASSASSIN
With a Dagger an Insane
Youth Tries to Kill
Humbert,
BUT, AS USUAL, THE MONARCH
ESCAPES INJURY.
An Exciting Incident While on the Way to
the Racetrack, Followed by Demon
strations That Show the Popu
■ larky of the Ruler.
ROME, Italy. April 22.— While King
Humbert was driving to Campanelle
racetrack this afternoon a man who pre
tended that he wanted to present a peti
tion to the King approached the car
riage. Ab he reached the vehicle the man
drew a dagger and made a lunge at the
Kinir, but the latter warded off the blow,
and the dagger struck the cushion of the
carriage.
In an instant all was confusion. The
King's escort charged upon the crowd,
which, in the excitement, closed upon the
royal carriage, while others ol the Kitig's
guard seized the man wiio had attempted
to take iiia Majesty's life and bore
him off.
The King was perfectly composed, and
proceeded on the way to Campanelle and
witnessed the races as though nothing
had happened.
The King's assailant proved to be Fietro
Acciarua, aced 24, who is believed to be
insane. He is a blacksmith, and came
from Artena. He declares ha nan no con -
nection with any political party.
Tne King was repeatedly cheered upon
his arrival at the races, and vhen he re
turned to the city he was greeted with a
great popular ovation by the thousands
who thronged the streets upon learning of
the attempt to assassinate him.
As King Huraoert entered Naples No
vember 17, 1878, the year of his ascension,
a man named Giovanni Passanante ap
proached the carriage and attempted to
ussassinate him with a dagger. The King
escaped with a scratch, but Prime Minis
ter Cairoli was badly wounded, i'a^sa
nante was condemed to death, but the
King commuted the punishment to im
prisonment for life.
WEYLEh'S FALSE REPJRTS.
Unite Sending Stories of Pec fication io
Madrid His Troops Are Bilng
Whipped.
HAVANA, Cuba, April 22.— 1n a cable
sent yesterday by Weyier to Azcarraga,
Minister of War in Spain, he said: "I
consider the whole territory of Las V r illas
and pnrt of Puerto Principe pacitied. I re
peat the presence in Santa Clara of Gomez
and Quintin l);:iideras i 3 not nlurmuitr,
because if they don't pass the trocha soon
to the eßst they will be captured as Rivera
and tiacallas were. I urn sure Gomez
cannot maintain himself for a long time
in his present position. Ho has very few
men and no provisions. 1 have the pleas
ure of confirming my previous dispatca.
Do not need more re-enforcemeuts to
cover losses in the army."
In answer the Minister of War and
Prime Minister have congratulated Wey
ler on his success. Yesterday, however,
while all this was producing great joy
among the Spaniards here, a report came
of a hard tight at Pico Tuerto, near Sancti
Spiritus, between insurgents commanded
iV Aleman and the Spanish column of
General Luque. Liiquo reports his losses
as niteeu killed, but it is known he suf
fered a severe defeat, leaving more than
100 dead on the held. In spite of the con
gratulations from the Government to
Weyier, the dispatch from Madrid an
nounces that Canovas had decided to es
PRICE $I VJ^ eETSTS.
taolish reforms in Cuba, as "confirmation
was needed of news about peace."
A FAT JOB FOR CLAYTON.
New Monster to Mcx co Can Be Arbi
trator in the Guatemala- Kcx co
Contention.
CITY OF MEXICO. Mexico. April 22.—
Upon Minister Powell Clayton's arrival
here he will be tendered the position of
arbitrator In the Guatemala-Mexico con
tention. Both Governments have ail the
data prepared and a decision can soon be
reached. Minister Clayton would receive
$50,000 in silver for his services.
XII O MKS GOUt-.O JO DEATH
And Several tipeetnt or* Wounded at m
Mrxfenn Itull-fhiht.
LEON, Mexico, April 22.— At an ama
teur bulJ-fignt yesterday two ringtnen
were gored to death. One of the bulls
broke over the barricade, seriously wound
ing several spectator?. ' '
An Import •»•' ltailroad Lint.
OAXACA. Mexico, April 22.— William
Stuari, chief engineer of the proposed
Mexican Southern Railway, has arrived
with a corps of civil engineers. He wili
immediately make a survey for the road
from this city to some point on the Na
tional Tehuantepec road and thence to
Guatemala. It will be an important link
in tue pan-American system.
WHITE FULL OF FIGHT.
Retroactive Clause in the New Tariff Bill
Dropped Subsequent to His Positive.
Demands.
WASHINGTON. D. C, April 22.— The
Republican Senators who are revising the
tariff have decided to drop the retroactive
clause adopt dby the House. They have
been forced to take this stand on account
of the position of certain Democratic Sen
ators, particularly White of California.
White recently returned from the West
full of riebt. "A number of prominent
men residing in my State," he said,
"would be practically ruined if this clause
is enforced."
To Aid rich and Allison he said : ' 'Unless
you positively assure me this clause will
be withdrawn, I shall right the tariff bill
at every stage and hinder its passage as
lone as possible."
After consultation with his Republican
colleagues, Allison informed White that
they had agreed to drop the retroactive
clause.
; White also intimated that he could not
agree to the demands of the sugar trust
lor an ad valorem duly.
t VI.OUi.D tUVTB. l.t M HEIK
Taken From <Jnil by a Nob That Over
roxvrred th* Guard*-
WASHINGTON, D. C, April 22.— An
exciting lynching was held to-night in
Alexandria. Va., just across the Potomac.
Joseph McCoy, a 19-year-old colored
youth, was arrested to-night and fully
confessed to criminally assaulting the
seven and nine year old daughters of R.
A. Lacev, a prominent white resident,
this morning. A mob gathered about the
jail to-night and finally broke in, after
being temporarily repulsed by a volley,
;iimed above their heads, by the guards.
A tor midnight they made a second at
tempt, j overpowering the guard, escorted
the negro two blocks from the jail, cut hi*
throat and then swung his body to a
lamp-post, wnere the remains were left
hanging.2
SENATORS WANT
COMMITTEES FILLED
Morgan Declares That|
Congress Is Merely
a Dictatorship.
In a Fiery Debate He Styles
Speaker Reed the ■ Great
White Filibuster."
Allen Introduces a Resolution Ex
pressing: Sympathy for the
People of Greece.
WASHINGTON, D. C, April 22.— As j
*oon as the routine morning business of
the Senate was concluded the Populist I
Senator from Nebraska (Allen) offered a !
resolution expressing the sympathy of i
ihe people of tbe United States with the
people of Greece in their struggle with
the Turks.
A resolution was offered by the Populist
Senator from Nnrtb Carolina (Butier) in- |
structing (he Postorhce Committee to
inquire and report whether a postal say- I
ings bank system can be successfully put
in operation by the Government.
This resolution was made ihe basis of a j
fiery Epeech by Morgan. He took the
ground that there is now no regularly ■
crganiz d committee in ihe Senate, in- j
asmuch as vacancies had not been filled,
and he was particularly severe in his ;
strictures on the House on account of its i
disorganized condition. In fact, he said, j
ihe Fifty-fifth Congress was not a Con- j
gress, but a pure dictatorship, entirely >
contrary to the spirit of tbe Government. {
There had been no action taken in either
house relating to their organization whicn
did not have distinct reference to the
future prosperity of political parties.
There were a great many things pressing
for attention in Congress and there never I
was more occasion for generous, compre
hensive and deliberate action than ri
present.
Sewell of New Jersey reminded Morga
the Senate was acting under a resolution
adopted at the close of the last session,
continuing the committees aa at present ;
organized until further orders.
Morgan replied that he thought tbe •
Senate was acting in a very l aphazard
way. He characterized the proposition to '
establish a closure rule a< a comical ex- '
perituent, particularly in view of the fact
that the Senate refused to name the com- !
raittees necessary to carry out legislation.
He bitterly scored the House's policy in ■
sction, characterizing Reed as the "Great
White Filibuster."
Butler withdrew his resolution, and !
then Allen offered one declaring tliat no
business, legislative or executive (except j
the consideration of appropriation bills), I
shall be transacted by ihe Senate during ;
this Congress until the committee vacan- j
cic-s are fined.
There was some badinage between Al- ]
len and Chandler. Chandler objected to
the present consideration of the resolu- j
tion and it went over.
Hoar asked to have laid aside for a week
his resolution for the discharge of the ;
Committee on Rules from further consid- ;
eration of hu proposed amendment es- '
tablishing closure. Tnis was agreed to,
with the addition that Allen's resolution
bhall take precedence of it.
At 3 o'clock in pursuance of tbe previous
agreement the vote waß taken on Nelson's
substitute lor the bankruptcy bill ana it
was agreed to — ayes 34, noas 22— after
the statement by Nelson that all bodies |
technically known as corporations were
excluded from its opera;ions. The sub- |
Btitute, having thus taken the place of j
the original bill, was then open to further !
amendments. On motion of Bacon the
eighteenth section, which provides the act j
shall be construed to repeal or suspend j
State laws on the subject, was stricken!
out. The bill was then passed— ayes 49, noes i
8. It lifts the operation of the law from J
cases of voluntary bankruptcy, exclud
iug from its operation any d»btor, other
than a corporation, owing $200 or more,
who, being unable to ray his debt?, may j
file a petition in the United States Distrct j
Court, attaching to the petition a schedule j
and list of all his property and debts and I
HAFIZ PASHA, the Moslem Hero Who Was Killed at
Melouna Pass Last Saturday.
The death of Hariz was deeply deplored by his followers. He was 80 years of
age, and while advancing at the hea.i of hia troops was urged Jo dismount and
rest. The old Pasha replied: "During the Russian war I never dismounted and
why should Ido so now?" Soon afterward Hariz Pasha was wound-d in the arm
but he still remained in the Baddle. Later a second bullet struck him on the hand'
but yet he refused to retire. Finally a third Duliet broke his spine and he rolled
from his saddle dead. Hatiz first saw service in the Turkish army in the Crimean
War. He also served with distincuished bravery all through the Russo-Turkish
War. He-was in command of a part of the forces employed against the Bulgarian
insurgents in 1876 and was responsible for the frightful massacres, p:ll H gings an.l
burning that characterized that epoch in Turkish history. He was terribly and
fearlessly scored by Eugene Schuy.er in a special report of his investigations
*-*adeto Horace Maynard, United States Minißter at Constantinople at the time
concludine with a prayer for full discharge
from his debts and liabilities. If the court
rinds the facts alleged in the petition be
true it stiall adjudge the petitioner bank
rapt and shall appoint a receiver to sell
and dispose of his properly and distribute
the proceeds.
All preferences piven within lour
months prior to filing the petition are de
clared null and void. An attorney's fee
not exceeding $100 may be allowed and
the assignee is entitled to a fee not ex
ceeding $•> a day, not to exceed in the ag
gregate $»iO. Firms where ail partners
concur may act in the same manner as
individual debtors.
Tbe death of Representative Holman
was announced, appropriate resolutions
were adopted and the Senate adjourned
till Monday.
BESSIO\ Of- IUE BOVSE.
It It Decided to Consid-r Senate Amend
»><•»/ in Committee of the Whole.
WASHINGTON, D. C, April 22.— The
; proceedings of the House to-day gave
• every indication of that body being thor
oughly organized and equipped for wort.
, This seeming quiescence in the demand
! for policy of action was not reached an til
j Bailey had score! the first two victories as
the leader of the minority. There was the
usual ineffectual meeting of the Commit
i tee on Rules, lasting an hour, which pre
ceded the session, and the first business
suggested was by D.ilzellof Pennsylvania,
who presented a report of the Committee
on Rules, providing that until the appro
priation bills have been finally acted i pon
i to cor side r the Senate amendments with
' out reference to a committee.
This provoked a discussion, a notable
, feature o which was the effort of Repre
! sentative Robison (D.)of Tennessee to ad-
I vise Bailey as to the effect of a desultory
' debate before the adoption of the pre
' vious question, which Daizell had moved.
Bailey informed his associate he was per
f ctly awar • of what he was doing and of
the effect upon the parliamentary situa
tion. He suggested an amendment to the,
iule so as to apply it to the Indian appro
priation bill alone, leaving other bills to
be dealt with as they came before the
House. This was agreed to by Daizell.
Bland vigorously protested against this
course of dealing with the Indian bill.
The House bad a right, he said, to its
committees, and these matters should be
referred to them. Daizell sarcastically re
marked that the right of the gentleman
irom Missouri to present —
Bland (vehemently) — I protest against
•II of your arbitrary proceedings.
Daizell— Of course, we understand that.
The resolution was agreed 10 as modi
fied, and the consideration of Senate
amendments to the Indian bill was en
tered upon without limit or debate. Bailey
secured the next parliamentary victory by
having ail amendments to the bill re
ferred to the committee of the whole for
! action, against tiie efforts of Sherman (R.)
, of New York, in charge of the bill, and
i the suggestion that Speaker Reed divide
the amendments between the House and
the committee of the whole.
Discussion in committee of the whole
was opened by Bland, who emphasized
tne protest he bad previously made against
the manner of procedure. . Nearly two
hours were spent in discussing the amend
ments of the Senate to open the Un
compahere reservation in Utah in Janu
ary. Without disposing of the matter the
committee rose.
Stesle of Indiana announced the death
of his colleague, Holman. The usual reso
lutions were adopted and the House
adjourned.
TKRHIS £ LAM* FJtAUnS.
I'ettlgretv Say the Land. Office Should '
It* Inrettigated by Congrets.
WASHINGTON, D. C. April 22.— Sen- j
ator Pettigrew to-day submitted his views !
on the investigation recently held by the
Public Lands Committee on alleged
fraud in issuing patents on land in Florida
known as the Perrine grant. Pettigrew
attacked the majority report, which ex
onerated the land office of allegations of
irregularity, and says it is beyond compre
hension how they could leach such a con
clusion from the evidence. He contends
that no honest officers would have proofs j
of compliance in the terms of the grant,
Mid that the evidence in the case dis- I
closes a condition in the land office which j
demands attention from Congress. The
chief interest in the case is that the Per
rines are related to ex-President Cleve
land.
Comminminn-r of Indian Affnirt.
WASHINGTON, D. C, April 22.— The
Senate Committee on Indian Affairs to
day reported favorably the nomination of
William A. Jones of W sconsm to bs Com
missioner of Indian Affairs.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, APRIL 23, 1897.
Map of the Thessalian Frontier Between Larissa and ELassona.
This map shows the several battle-6e!ds and points now contested by the Turks and Greeks. The Greeks seem to
be holding their own from Nezeros to Reveni Pass, except at Milouna Pass, and to have held the ground pained
soutn of the Xerias River at Duniasi and Viglla. They still hold Reveni Pass and Turnavo. The Turkish headquar
ters at Milouna Pass are indicated by a flag with the crescent, and the Greeks at Larissa by a flag with the cross
upon it.
BRAVE GREEKS
TEMPORARILY
CHECK TURKS
Continued from first Page.
toward the Dardanelles for the purpose of
met* tine the Turkish fleet stationed there.
CONSTANTINOPLE, Tt rkey, April
22. — The powers havo been informed by
Greece that she will abandon her claims
to Crete if the powers will force Turkey
to cede her Kplrus and Mount Olympus,
accorded her by the treaty of Berlin.
SYMPATHY FOR GREECE.
I But the United States Must Main
tain Its Neutrality In Euro
pean Affairs.
WASHINGTON, D. C, April 22— In the
House to-morrow, Representative James
G. Maguire of California will introduce
j a resolution expressing sympathy for
j Greece. It says:
Whereas, In the war now in progress be
tween Greece and Turkey there i 4 a clear con
flict between Moslem and Chris tia:i civilisa
tion Effecting a large portion of the continent
of Europe; and whereas, the advance of Mos
lem civilization in Europe ha* ever been a
blighting and retarding influence, and
brought with it and maintained constant and
universal conditions of violence and misery
to all peoples affected, demonstrating the
absolute Impossibility of race assimilation or
successful Moslem government in Europe;
therefore be it
h'eso!veri. That the House of Representatives,
j voiciuK the sentiment of the streat majority of
the people of the United States, hereby ex
! presses sympathy with the Government and
people of Greece in their heroic « ffect to pre
vent the extension of the Turkish dominion
in Europe, and to set free from dominion in
Turkey such provinces now in rebellion as
have been ruled by Turkey only through
means of murJer and terror.
Resolved, While expressing the proiound
sympathy of tho people of the country with
the Government and people of Greece, we
favor the continuance of the long-established
policy of neutrality upon the part of the
United States in all struggles between Euro
pean powers.
Fighting In Crete.
CANEA, Crete, April 22.— There is
lighting around Candis almost daily. The
Governor states that 5000 insurgents are
in the vicinity with lour gun-. Greek
troops are among them. The Turks have
no field guns. The Governor is afraid the
insurgents may invest the town, which
has only a small garrison of Ottoman ana
a handful of international troops.
Jt'urto Shelled by H art hip*.
CORFU, Greece, April 22 —Four Greek
warships and torpedo- boats arrived to
nipht for coal. As they passed the Turk
ish coast the garrison at Murto fired upon
them. The warships replied, shelline the
battery, killing several Turkish troops.
Speolal Secret Mission*
ODESSA, Russia, April 22.— A ipecial
secret mission irorn the Greek Govern
ment passed through here yesterday on
the way to St. Petersburg.
SERVIANS MAY RISE.
There Is a Prospect of These Bold
People Joining: the Greeks
to Fight Turkey.
M. 6. Chiuda, one of in* editors of the
San Francisco Slobada, which means lib
erty, has just received word from Euro
pean friends that there is a likelihood of a
general uprising of the Servian people
a ainst the Turks.
Speaking of the matter last night, he
said: "A local Servian society has re
ceived a letter from the headquarters of
the Servian Red Cross Society at Belgrade
to the effect that it is likely that Monte
negro, Serviaand Bulgaria will join with
Greece in tae war against Turkey. The
letter calls on patriotic Servians in this
country to contribute to the fund for the
wounded and oppressed in old Servia."
Leadinc members of the Serviau-Monte
negrin Benevolent Society here say they
are willing to contribute liberally to the
fund in the event of such complications
las the letter foreshadows.
OBSTACLES IN THE WAY.
Field Marshal Edhem Pasha's
March Toward Athens Will Not
Be an Easy One.
To premise that Eihem Pasha will meet
with no serious obstacle on bis march
from Lsris<a to Athens except at Pbar
sala ana Thebes is 10 entirely ignore the
natural strategic features of the country
through which he must pass an{l to credit
the Greeks with cowardice and their lead
ers with entire lack of generalship, in the
face of the proof to sde contrary that they
have given at Milouna and Reveni passes
and other points within the last week.
From the frontier to the plains of Larissa
i he Turkish commander's way was a con
tinual descent, being always able to over
look the Greek troops if. front of him, and
with his superior forces successful resist
ance in the end was hardly to be ex
pected.
From Larissa to the Gulf of Lamia three
j routes lie before him. One to the west
along the Peneus to the junction of the
! Phusulites and thence southeast along
! that stream to the city of Phasala and on
jto Lamia; the second, directly south
! through the Kara Dagh Mountains to that
city, and the tljird'hlong the line of the
| highway and railroad toward Volo, and
I t be nee south along the coast to Halmyros
| and over the Yuakovani Mountains to
! Lamia.
The second route is the most direct and
is perhaps as practicable lor an invading
army as either of the other*. It is the
maiu highway to Athens. With proper
generalship an inferior force conld make
stand and delay, if not repulse, an invad
ing army at a hundred d fferent points
along the road, overiookeJ as it irty hills
which, beginning live miles south of Lar
issa, rise gradually to the crest of the
ridge some 2500 feet high which overlooks
iho valley of the Phersalitis River and the
city of Phersala on the s>outh side. Even
with this journey accomplished and Pher
sala reached the same conditions would
prevail and the same opportunities for de
fense, only to a greater degree, until he
reached the crest of the Ortheys Moun
tains overlooking the city of Lamia and
the gulf near whicb it is situated.
The road from Pheisula begins ascent
to the high ground through a defile or
pass, which has ever been famous for its
defensible features, and many other such
are in the way until through the high
valleys of the Tchianari the road takes its
way up over the summit of Ortheys.which
it crosses at an elevation of 2500 feet.
Should the Turks, in spite of all opposi
tion reach Lamia, the city would be un
tenable for them with the Greek war
ve?sels armed with their high power csnet
truns, live miles away in the gulf. From
Lamia, the road passes Thermopylae, and
with the exception of one place at
Anteras point, for thirty-five miles runs
within a miie of the coast, and is exposed
to fire from vessels in Atalanta Channel.
Admitting that no practical opposition
is offered to Edh^m's advance between
Larissa and Lamia — cut off trom com
munication with Salonika by sea and
compelled to maintain a long inland line
of transportation over a rough country —
the matter of advancing as far as Lamia
is a matter of many weeks if not months.
l.\ll.i;i-..ST* THIS COAST.
Perkins and JUaguire TiiU the White
limit r — Petition*.
WASHINGTON, D. C, April 22.—Sena
tor Perkins and Judge Maguire this morn
ing went to the White House with Alexis
Sullivan, representative in Nicaragua ot
the San Francisco Coffee Company, to
urge that n Vice-Consul be appointed at
Matagapa, Nicaragua.
Californians in Washington: J. H. Wil
let, San Fiancisco, The Raleigh ; Henry
New camp, Los Angeles, Eiggs House.
The following pensions were granted:
California: Original— Han ry Doerr, San
Francisco; Lucius 8. Sherman, Santa
Cruz; William H. Chipm&n (dead), Rtoik
ton. Increase, special, April 14— Lemuel
Shields, Los Angele?.
Oregon: Original— Albert Tucker, Park
Place; Isaac H. Edson (dead), Lafayetto.
Increase — Nathan Nichols, Clatskani.
Original willows, etc. —Jane R. liobb,
Woodlawn.
Washington: Original — Henry H.
Burner, C»»ntralin. Original widows, etc. —
Sarah A. Abbey, Look Oat.
SEJfALL GOKS TO HAWAII.
Hit Appointment as Minister Fore'
*hndote* Annexation.
WASHINGTON. D. C, April 22. -The
President to-day sent to the Senate the
following nominations: .
State : Department — Harold M. Bewail of
Maine, to be Minister to Hawaii.
Treasury Department— Thomas H. Phalr of
Maine, to be Collector of Customs of toe dis
ti let ot Aroostook, Maine; James & Hnrriman
of Maine, to be Collector of Customs of the dis
trict ol Belfast. Maine.
The nomination of Harold M. Sewall of
Maine was decided noon Tuesday and was
exclusively printed in The Calls Wash
ington dispatches Wedn aday morninc-
The Wtt«h:nnton; newspapers tins after
noon comment upon the appointment
and confirm The Call's prediction that
bis nomination means that the adminis
tration will u>eev. ry effort to bring about
the annexation of the islands. Mr.
bewail, and Secretary of State Sherman
have talked over the situation thoroughly
and Minister Sewall will leave for his post «
of duty with full instruction* as to his
procedure.
CHIEF JOSEPH
IN NEW YORK
Visit of the Nez Perces
Leader to the Metro
polis.
NEW YORK, N. V., April 22. -Chief
Joseph of the N'ez Perces. the leader of
the Wallowa Valley rebellion in 1877 and
next to the Sioux warrior, Red Cloud, the
most prominent Indian alive, arrived
here, with a suite, to see the city's sights,
at the special request of General Miles, who
conducted the campaign against the chief
twenty years ago, and who from being a
relentless foe became a friend and ad
viser of the oid Indian. Buffalo Bill has
taken Chief Joseph under his wing.
In all his life Chief Joseph has never
been so far away from home. Tne largest
city he wai ever in before was Portland,
Or., and he left there in disgust after two
clay* because of the ways of city people.
Now York has interested the chief on
account of its size and architectural won
ders, but he has not much more patience
with the East than he had witn the West.
He said to-day:
"It's three weeks since I left the reser
vation to Washington. I left behind 150
Nez Perces, friends of the white man,
who ask through me that they be allowed
to return 10 our oid home in Idaho.
There are 1000 of my tribe in Idaho, and
we in Washington wish to join them, so
the tribe may remain as one body. It
took me a long time to come here, and six
days I have been in Washineton. There
I saw General Miles and shook his hand.
I made a speech to him and another to a
man named Bliss, who is Secretary, who
shall say whether the Nez Perces may die
in their old Homes or in a new and strange
place. I told him the wishes of the tribe
and tbat they are all good Indians and
have bowed down before the white man,
never to take arms against him again.
"I made a speech to the Indian Com
missioner, telling him all these things.
They are my fr ends and will do what
they can. They told me Congress author
ized the first act, and so the Nez Perces
will have to wait a while. It matters lit
tle, though, if we can join our people in
Idaho. I think it will be so. for I, who
have oeen the friend of the white man for
twenty years, am pleading for them. The
white man has won all he has and from
haiinz him we have come to love him.
There were too many whites for the In
dians to rule, so the whites won the In
dian's place. It is ail over no^. Things
have settled themselves and we are at
peace and satisfied."
NEW TO-DAT.
Mai l hness -
imf * ' Wr^ TO GRASP YOUR FELLOW FIRM.-
POL , v * Mhi ly by the hand and look him in the
J^Wk^****'* WJr eye ; to know that in your inner life there
*Esg«Bfe^^ -*2BS^«» lurks "° weakness > no dra "' that reminds
■' oGiem^^f^^ you of early indiscretions or excesses ;to
feel the fire of youth that brings to its
; possessor happiness, confidence in self and the admiration of men and women— let
this be your goal. Aim high. If you are weak, stunted, despondent; if you have
losses, bad dreams, night sweats, shaky nerves ; if your weakness causes you to
shirk your duties there is hope for you. Electricity as applied by DR. SAN DEN'S
ELECTRIC BELT will restore your strength. Thousands of young and old men
have been renewed, invigorated and strengtnened by this wonderful appliance. New
cures reported daily. Here is another :
HE NOW FEELS HEARTY.
"I purehaied your Belt for sexual weakness and pain in the back. By its use mv sexual
powers are completely restored and the pains are all gone. I wou d not part with mv Re t for
anything if I could not set another. "-CH AS, FORREST, 310 Twelfth st., San Francsco. Cal
There's a touch of magnetism in the grasp of the manly man— the man who has
not wasted his strength, or having wasted it has regained it by the use of DR. SAN-
DEN'S ELECTRIC. BELT. Do you envy the manly man? • Then why don't you I
make an effort to regain what you have lost? Call or send for the book "Three I
Classes of Men," which tells how manly strength can be restored. It is sent free !
sealed, by mail. A personal call or a study/of this book may save you years of
misery. Act to-day. There Is nothing more important than your health. Call or
address KM
SANDEN ELECTRIC CO., -.^LnASsSSSsL
kOa*.-J»iuie no mistake m tn« nuiuDer-QSQ Uwimi sl reat- Male now of It *&*}
' ,:, KOIJb T itaJMiio miatak. w.ui.anaioer r esa .Make Sow ol ti
DB. BANDEN'S ELECTKIC TRUSS CUKES BUPXUKB.
SIR JULIAN IS
VERY PARTICULAR
Refuses to Take a Seat
Further Back Than
Hobart.
But a Scheme Is Arranged to
Placate the Embassador
From England.
Diplomats at the Grant Monument
Services to Ba Treated as "Dis
tinguished Spectators."
WASHINGTON, D. G. April 22.— Sir
Julian Pauocefote is 10 be placated, the
dignity of the Vice-Presidenial office
maintained snd the State Department j
made happy. After all the fuss over |
whether Sir Juiian or the Vice- President I
shall sit to the rieht or Jeft of President
MrKinley at the Grant monument cere
monies the department has evaded the I
important question of precedence and left
it to be st-ttied at some future ofheial oc
casiou — di&tantly future, the department
hopes. The evasion in the form of the
1 temporary expedient is intended to please
everyoody. Whether everybody will be
pleased is another story, to be told after
the ceremonies are over. Just how far Sir
Julian appeared in the controversy has
not been fully explained. But certainly
Secretary Sherman and some of the State
Department officials have been deeply
concerned and willing to grasp anything
affording an opportunity for a harmonious
settlement.
That opportunity presented itself to-day
at the weekly diplomatic reception. One
of the Embassadors or Ministers, exactly
who is not known, made the suggestion,
apparently in behalf of the diplomatic
corps. His plan for settlement was in the
: form of a compromise. He suggested that
i the tirst point involved whether the four
Embassadora to the United States as per
sonal representatives of their sovereigns
should be ahead of the Vice-President in
the principal parade, be disposed of by
leaving the entire diplomatic corps out of
the line, allowing them to proceed to
Riverside Park as a separate contingent,
just as they go to the Cai>itol on inaugura
tion days, and that the other and more
embarrassing question :ibout seating Ho
bart and the Embassadors be arranged by
giving the diplomats positions as "distin
guished spectators," not as official func
tionaries.
Just how Sir Julian views the temporary
expedient is unknown. He denied today
that he maJe a protest about the question
of precedence. "Some oi the Embassa
dor's friends," to quote a published state
ment headed by Bif Julian's denial, have
also bad something to say. These anony
mous "friends'" declare the report that Sir
Julian did not attend the dinner given by
the venerable Gardiner Hubbard because
the Vtce-Pre.si.;ent was to have the place
of honor is untrue. As it is positively known
that Sir Juiian did raise a question of
precedence on that occasion and would
not attend because Hobart was put ahead
of him at the table the denials are viewed
with surprise. Sir Juiian is a very hearty,
distinguished looking English gentleman
who has made himself very popular here,
but there are some people in official soci
ety who resent any attempt of a foreign
representative to claim a position of
greater importancp taan the Vice-Presi
dent.
Gentlemen who have been acquainted
with every phase of the controversy said
to-day ihatunjess something unexpected
happened Sherman would write to the
Grant Monument Committee explaining
bow the Vice-President and Embassadors
should be located. If Sir Julian is agree
able there will b? no further trouble.
Hobart will sit with McKinley in the offi -
cials' seats, and the diplomatic corps will
he placed in the space devoted to the "dis
tinguished spectators," with Sir Julian in
the place of honor. This arrangement,
however, makes it necessary that every
body concerned shall shut their eyes to
the fact that foreign Governments were
invited to participate in the ceremonies.
But diplomacy is not unused to such ex
pedients. _^^^^^^^^^^^
two juaval okhers.
Captain Chatter Hill Take Command of
th* 3'onadnoch in Slay.
WASHINGTON, D. C, April 22.—
Acting Secretary Roosevelt to-day as
signed Captain C. M. Chester commander
of the .Monadnock on the Pacific station,
to assume char/c early in May.
Commander W. H. Waiting, who three
years ago excited comment by marrying
Miss Ah Fonjj, daughter of a wealthy
Chinaman of Hawaii, has been ordered to
examination for promotion.
— , . j . ": — "
SEW TO-SAT. •
HELLO!
j
MARIA!!
I forgot the list you bad made out for
Smith's. Will you send it to me by wire?
lam all ready. Please call it off lively.
HERE IT GOES!
1 pound Exquisite Gold label Tea 40c
1 3-pound box Kingstord's Gloss btarch. ....... 'Me
1 pound of fine Citron 15c
i pound I'e.tuut Taffey (Candy) 15c
6 pounds a lest Evaporated Apples 60c
1 gallon best Table >-yrcp 50c
1 pound Kpsom -ails 6<:
1 Co gat*-'.* R-nuine hachet Powder. 10c
1 bottle French Mu-tard 5c
5 pounds Cora Starch (real pood) ?5c
•1 rolls I'lCKlo Butter (soid 15) 30c
1 poun I i Iveraii're line (reomery Butter 'Me
1 8-day alarm, strike. Clock »3 00
1 Croley's X.'s record Book Be
IS cans of i hp 6c Milk. ..60c
Tell Mr. Smith to save me a case of this
milk for next week if he recommends it,
and I underhand he does. Mother says
she has known tne "old man Smith" over
forty years, and will take his word as soon
I as any Poor Food Inspector.
Now be particular about - these things
I want for Eddie:
1 Sailor suit, aged 5, dark $1 50
I 1 pair Kid Shoes, size 11, beels..... 60
I 2 pair Tan Oxfords for tbf twins, s's 70
1 pair i'ancy .--siudals for Ada. l's 60
I 1 pair i-'iiie oxfords for Ada. l's . 63
! 12 >-ards I'riucess Foulard, medium dark.... 1 00
j 1 rair >.asy !-hoes for grandma, 7'a Kill
| 1 box Firs, Peif<-ction, worth 25c 10
I 1 of the fiaest colored Hammocks 1 "5
Will you please look at the fine bed
lounges advertised at $12 50 and pretty
divans at $9 25 while there; also 12^c gilt
paper.
I will pay when goods are. delivered.
Be sure to give them our new street and
number, for they have been going to the
old place for fifteen years, and may forget.
You can get your dinner on the sixth
Moor while there. It is said to be as good
and cheap as other things at
SMITHS 5 CASH
™ in * STORE,
I 25-27 MARKET STREET,
NEAR THE FERRY.
STRONG AGAIN -as:
THE ANAPHRODISIC,
From PROF. DR. RICORD of Paris Is the
only remedy for restoring strength uudsr
guarantee, and will bring back your lost
powers and stop forever the dangerous
i drains on your system. They actquickiy,
create a healthy digestion, pure, rich
j blood, firm muscles, rusrged strength,
steady nerves ana clear brain. Imported
! direct from Paris. Price per box, direc-
i tions inclosed, $2.50, For sale by all re-
spectable druggists. Mail orders from any
person shall receive prompt attention.
1 j- or sale by Dr. V. Condory, 460 Quinoy
. Building, Chicago. -
if i
:It <P<£mg£ty I
:l| GREAT I
| OP THE AGE !
Jill? 111
x Which is an external and internal J
X remedy without an equal. !:
• NOT II HEW PREPARATION, BUT ORE 5
i M HAS STOOD THEM OF OVER I
I A QUARTER OF A CENTURY. I
ji — *
j; Thousands of persons all ; ;
5 over the United States j
I gratefully praise Dr. Mar- <|
j ; tin's Pain Curer and are ; ;
j ; never without it. ' ;
n " 1
< ► The Curer is free from all injurious < !
J | and poisonous properties, and is en- < '
( ) tirely vegetable in its composition. It j J
1 • tones up and strengthens the system, » >
2 purifies the blood, expels bad matter •
i | from the organs of the body generally, J !
i > promotes digestion, regulates theappc- <•
' ' tite and secures a healthy state of the * '
( I system and Its various functions. Taken \ \
J ' occasionally as a preventive of disease, - ' >
j 5 It keeps the mind cheerful and happy •
j « by promoting henlthfal action of the j j
I ♦ Btin, heart, lungs, stomach, pancreas,' < >
, X bowels, l^er, kidneys, bladder, spleen, * [
■■ Q spinal cor*lmn, and the whole nervous ( |
j* ' system. It is also especially always <>
X WOMAN'S FRIEND, and is unequaled 9
I FOR THE PREVENTION AND CORE I
I I —OF— O
I I Rheumatism, Neuralgia, Pains in %
♦ 1 General, Bowel Complaints. Dys- . , ,
I \ pepsia, Dysentery, Cholera Mor- ( I
I I bus, Diphtheria, Sore Throat, ! [
* ' Pneumonia, Di»betes, Kervoua < .
I I Complaints, Disease «f the Stem- ( I
( ) aoh and Bowels Generally, lilrer i 1
j ' • Complaints, Kidney Complaints, < ■
J[ Sciatica, Lurabajo, Colds, Cough*. H
|) Local and General Debility, Head- | (
' ' ache, Earache, Toothache. Sick- 4 ■
! 5 ness in Stomach Backache, Burns, ©
1 O Swellings, Bolls, Sores, Ulcers, | j
! '* Colic, Cramps, Sprains, Er lises, i>*
, , , Scalds, Wounds, Costiveness, In- | J
0 digestion. Skin Diseases, Exces- |
' " sire Itchings and many other i ■
*' complaints too numerous to name j|
(9 here. In a word, the great Pain q
' * Cnrer of the Age is an unequ»led *
| , ► family remedy. J
1 I i i ':',"' gi
j Price: 25c, SCc, $1.00 per Bottle, |
Li I* CALLI3CH, Wholesale Agent for %
! £ the Pacific Coast, San Jose, Cal. . T
$ -;■;- — — — ;'.
« For sale T>y all druggints. The trade *
supplied by Redington & Co., Mack <»
& Co. and Lang ley & Michaels. San a
m ' Francisco. a
i •♦• ♦^♦•♦•♦•♦•♦^♦•♦•♦•♦— ♦•
jf'*4£f3i£>?t!t ! >£f*itt O is a uon-poiyonon!!
«HV9E3P» iMC^MfI remedy for Gonorrhoea,
j/pSBF^C'CHEV^M <*W»et, Sp»rmatorrha>a,
ffIMK in 1 to 6 .I»TB.^J Whites, unnatural div
M9W aa»r»nt«d lg chargsg. or sa/ inflamma-
jt*| »•> to sirieuire. T" tion. irritation or ulcer*-
i ajiJPrtvtau ooougloa. tion of mucous niem-
| KSltheEvans GHEMiCAt Co. braces. Non-astringen-.
<jgflßLciNCi.mn n . 9U| Sold h r UrnssJstc,
•WBkir,B,i. !2srz T 9ODt in lain wrp~>-
v^WiLi^KSi ex re . prepa;-l. for
♦'J^B«B&M^sSa Sl.OO. or 3 bottles, C2.r\
'•HJtP'V B3 Circular ecnt or-. >•■ ii»o^.
DDII6UCC FOR BARBER* BAK.
OKHla^lfflr l^*"- bootblacks, bath-
VllUWlDbUboujes, billiard- table!
orewers, bookbinders, candy-makers, caDner%
dyers, flourmills, foundries, laundries, paper-
oanßers, printers, painters, shoe factories. stabi»
■ueu, tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, etc.
_„ -._ BtCHASAS BROS., ,
»rush Manufacturers. 60USacramento3uFAIRIES ABROAD
IN LOS ANGELES
Pageants of Floats and
Flowers Adorned
the Night.
Dazzling Allegories Were Pic
tured in Gilt and
Tinsel.
Immense Crowds Witnessed a
Moving Spectacle of Great
Beauty.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., April 22.— The
street pageant by night was the feature of
. the third day of the festival, though the
hours of daylight were not allowed 10 es
cape unoccupied by the revelers. The
afternoon was devoted to athletic, games
at the parK which were attended and
graced by the royal party. BPH
The pageant to-night was an unusally
beautiful spectacle, being maintained
throughout on a high plan of strictly ar
tistic creations on wheels. It was com
posed of sixteen floats designed to tell the
"Legend of the Flowers." No other fea
tures were permitted in the line, there be
ing besides them only the commander-in
chief and his aides, the caballeros serving
as an escort to the commandant, the com
manders of the several divisions and their
aids, and then the music, consisting of a
liberal sprinkling of brass bauds through
ont the line.
To this, of course, must be added the
Queen and her court, to whom all street
parades are supposed to serve as an
escort.
The floats were all poetical conceptions,
carried out on lines that seemed to give no
thought to either space or expense. Some
of them were immense affairs. They were
drawn by processions of horses in white
coverings, e3Ch horse being attended by a
footman in mask and domino. On each
side marched torchbearers, while at the
four corners were still others, burning
Greek fire. With the liberal illumination
of the streets with electric lights the gild
ing and tinsel that made so large a part of
the decoration of the floats glittered and
flashed in dazzling lashion.
The amphitheater at the tribunes was
lit up with arc lights until darkness of
night was entirely dispelled. Th? tribunes
were fairly well rilled with spectators and
the scene there was one worth traveling
far to see. But the throng gathered there
seemed scarcely to be missed from the
streets. Along the entire line of march,
which was an unusually long one, people
were n.assed solidly along the sidewalks,
and they also occupied windows, steps
and every available i-pnce. Where they
came irom would have been a hard ques
tion to answer. At every step of the way
each of the floats was applauded enthusi
astically.
The spectacle was under command of
Grand Marshal Madison T. Owens, who
was accompanied by a number of aids.
The Seventh Regiment band led tbe way
and immediately following the marshal
came the ever-iascinating caballeros, un
der command of J. C. Cline.
Tii«> line of march extended from the
tribunes east on Twelfth street to Olive,
north on Olive to Ninth street, east on
Ninth street to Broadway, north on
Broadway to First street, east on Fir-t
street to Spring, south on Spring to Fifth
street, east on Fifth street to Main, north
on Main street to Commercial, counter
marching south on Main and Spring to
First street, west on First to Broadway,
on Broadway and Main to Washington
Gardens.
The first division was in command of
Co. one! M. M. Ogden, marshal, with his
aids. It was composed of four floats,
representing as many flowers — the morn
ing elory, the night blooming cereus, the
lady's slipper and the white rose.
The scheme of the spectacle was to
typify the flower by a tableau represent
ing a legend with which it, or at least its
name, is popularly identified. The aurora
borealis, lor instance, was made to repre
sent the glory of the morning, the morn
ing glory. Renis' celebrated painting
"Aurora and Phoebus" was utilized as the
portrayal. The Goddess of Day ap
peared in an open cold chariot, her at
tendants scattering flowers in her path.
Cupid, with burning torch, led the way,
tipping the clouds with silver. Morning
glories entwined the base of the car in a
»ea of sky-blue bloom. The characters in
the float were: Aurora, Miss LeotaStoney,
attendants, Miss Kate Chapton, Miss
Stella Chapton, Miss Ekman.
The night-blooming cereus was typified
by the Queen of the Night seated upon the
earth in a throne of stars. The Queen
•was robed in indigo-blue drnperies,
spangled with stars. Tue effects were all
of moonlight — a glow-worm, a bat, fire
flies and night birds. In the front of the
lloat was a magnificent open flower
sprung from a bed of cacti, the leaves and
prickly arms draping the body of the
float. The characters en this float were j
taken as follows: Cinderella, Norma Gra- '
ham; heralds, E. Ryder. R. J. Hanchette;
Prince, Walter C. Fogg; waiting-maids'
Maude Tinklepaugh, Lizzie Cuinmiugs.
The white rose followed. It was histori
cally the best known of the many badges
of the house of York, and was typified
In the float representing two historical
scene?. One was a garden scene where
Edward, the Duke of York, with Elizabeth
Woodville, is listening to the court jester.
In the second scene Richard, the young
est brother and last of the house or Plan
lagenet, is leaving the castle lor a fight
with Warwick. He is just crossing the
drawbridge, attended by knights and men
at-arms. On the base of the float were
armorial insignia and hereditary emblems
of the house of York. The characters
were as follows: Duke of York, A. L. j
Fowler; man-at-arms, Joe Goldsmith; •
i 'ester, Aubrey Austin; court ladies — Paul
Siliott, Alice Winchester: sentinel, Harry
Gregg.
The second division was in charge of
Ralph D.>m!ngULZ, marshal, and aids,
with the Li: Angeles military band. It
comprised floats representing the pansy,
ruarguerite, pond lily and the papyrus.
The pansy was represented by a scene
from "A Midsummer Night's Dream." in
which dew, moonshine, glittering insects,
little genii with butterflies, and many
colored flower-* filled a fairy world. Un
der an immense mushroom Bottom and
Titania are standing, she paying him
tender homage with a coronet of flowers.
Puck, the mad-cap sprite, "borne like the
light and glittering gossamer before the
breeze," was near. Glow-worms, moths,
fireflies, beetles and grasshoppers .form
the f&iiy court. At the base was a sea oi i
pansies rich wiih the colors of purple and I
gold. The characters for this scene were I
taken by Charles Ashlev as Faust; Mc
l h'sto, Victor Pollard; Marguerite, Miss
Michaels.
And now the proud lily. A scene from
"lolantbe" was pictured in this float. It
was a water scene of lairy magnificence.
Out of an enormous pond lily rose
lolantne alter her twenty years' Imprison
ment. Around her were .grouped the
Earl of TolJailer, Phyllis, the L;rd Chan
cellor and Strephoii. Upon a rock was
enthroned a queen of the fairies, holding
her wand and awakening lolanthe from
her lily bed. Conventionalized lilies
formed the base of the float. The charac- j
ters were taken by: lolanthe. Katharine I
K*»adall; queen of fairies, Mabel Hay- I
wark; fairies — E;la A. Stone, Susie
S. ringer.
Papyrus, the plant which, centuries
ago, tiie Egyptians used as paper, told its
legend in a chapter of history taken at
tbat fateful time when Cleopatra first met
MarK Anthony upon the nver Cydnus.
The float represented the Egyptian
Queen in her barge of state, covered over
with a pavilion-cloth of gold tissue, with
silken sails and gay festoons. At the
nelm were mermaids; around her were
slaves. Thd barge was a blaze of magnifi
cent color, surrounded by papyrus and
water plants*. Ttie characters "were sus
tained as follows: Captain, Miss Gertie
Johnson: fan-bearers, Mis* Aletcalf, Miss
Flora Benedict; rowers — G. W. Yonsen,
Jay Andrews, J. C. Cull. Jacob Herbs:;
musicians — Miss Hermia Packer, Miss Ma
mie Goodwin.
Captain Solano, marshal and aids, bad
the third division with the Pasadena
Dand. The floats represented the laurel,
cactus, stiaudragon ana gold of ophir.
The laurel was represented by a tableau
in whicn the victor in the Olympian
games is being crowned. A Greek tem
ple, severely classical, was pictured as
surrounded by cypress trees; before it a
proup of athletes were returning iroai the
games; beiore them, upon a Greek pedes
tal, burned the sacred fires. Upon the
steps of me temple stood the victorious
athlete in the act of receiving the c aplet
ot victory at the hands oi the judges. Tlie
whole float was surrounded by laurel
leaves.
The characters were represented as fol
lows: Victor, G. A. BarKer; Judge, M. C.
Van Leuven; guests, J. O. Wiltony, W. E.
Lyman and J. E. Blorrell; boy, Y. Figue
roa; spectators, J. R. l>otialdson and P. G.
Jones; woman, M. M. Burns.
The cactvs was symbolized in a scene
from Mexico, in wuich Montezuma is
being tarried io the great temple by six
men. He is attended by ins guards. The
great temple was encrusted with stucco,
richly sculptured. A fetich was seen upon
the side of the temple. In the center of
the float was the sacrific:al stone, wiih
figures and em biems carved upon it. On
the sides were Aztecs, kneeling down and
worshiping tLe image of the sun king.
The cnaracteis were: Moniezurna, J. J.
Murphy; bearers, Robert Jones, John
Cain, Hubert Robinson, Theodore Hoff, C.
H. Wade and T. J. McDonald; musician,
Loring Gates.
The snap-dragon was symbolized by
the great dragon, the sea monster killed
by Perseus the gorgon slayer, in rescuing
Andromeda, whom Cepheus chained io
the rock to appease the deities. The float
was simply a huge dragon, twenty feet in
length, with wings fifteen feet wide. The
dragon was walking over the rocks in pur
suit of Andromeda, her face hid, her
tresses afloat in the water. P-.-rseus on
horseback, with drawn sword, was in the
act ot slaying the monster. The dragon
was in green and blue lights, with purpie
scaies and Haming nostrils. L. A. Haruill
personated Perseus, aad Miss Nellie D.ck
enson Andromeda.
Gold of Ophir was represented in a page
from Rider Haggard's "She,"' the moment
when Hoiiy and Leo discovered the
witch's head. The float itself was the
Ethiopian head, with thick lips, terrifying
eyes and heavy cheeks. Poetic license is
taken with the story for spectacular effect,
as She appeared on the rock, in snowy
robes, sandaled feet, hair of raven black
ness, and a face of unearthly beauty.
Peering over the rock she gazed at the two
men below in the boat. In the foreground
were the hot pots, molten and full of red
fires that lighted up the scene. Gold of
Ophir roses formed the base of the float.
Tne characters: Devitici, George A. Beat;
Holly, Thomas E. McGinn; Sue, Miss A.
Levy; Old Man, L. A. Coburn; savages,
Charley Moon and Gai. Moon.
The fourth and last division was in
command of C. A. Sumner, marshal, and
aids; Catalina bands; float, Poppy Kelp;
Orange City band; floats — Chrysanthe
mums, tDe Poppy, the Sea Kelp and
Holly.
The Poppy float, the Stale flower, pre
sented a scene from Tennyson's "Sleep
ing Palace." Under a scarlet satin canopy
Jay the sleeping beauty. Spider-webs
swung from the hanging lamp and around
the palace on every hand. Sleep possessed
the mai-1 of honor, the page, the builer
and the Kinc. Before the princess stood
trie fairy prince. "He stooped to
kiss her — on his knees," and the charm
was broken.
All around the base of the float poppies
were blooming in riotous magnificence.
The night effect of this float was very
beautiful. Following was the cast of char
ac;ers: Princess, Mi-s Carrie Zurcher;
Captain Prince, T. E. P:ror; sentinels,
Hector Bouttier, George J. Oden; at
tendants, Miss Rosalind Hughes, Miss
Alice Truit.
Kelp gave opportunity for another sub
marine scene full of sea effects. Nep
tune with trident in hand sat upon a
throne of pink and white coral. Two
mermaids reclined upon the wreck of the
▼essel below the surface of the water.
Near them a sunken chest scattered
gold and jewels upon the bottom of tne
sea, while coral, sea fan, kelp and other
sea plants were in full motion.
The whole float was supposed to be un
der water, and the night effects added
greatly to its beauty. The characters:
Neptune, B. \V. Steinhart; Mermaids,
Edmund Duncommun, W. H. Mecke.
The chrysanthemum, the flower of
Japan, told its story in a scene from act II
in "The Mikado." The artist used the
poet's license in the song "The Moon and
I," and has placed Yum Yum swinging
lightly in "he silver crescent of the young
moon in Ko Ko's gardens. Pitti-Sing and
80- Peep were near her. A Japanese villa
was in the distance and the garden was
full of vases of riotous foliage.
Tne whole base of the float was of blaz
ing chrysanthemums. The two effects of
day and night were in the scene. The
character* were taken as follows: Yum
Yum, Miss Young; Nanki Poo, Mr. Han
chette; attenrlanis, Mrs. Duncan, Miss
King, Miss Brambilla.
And Jam of all came Santa Claus, rep
resenting the Christmas holly. He was
preparing his sledge and reindeer for his
Christmas mission.
An immense iceberg was at one end of
the float, which was spanned by the au
rora boreahs, resplendent in rose, gold
and «ilver and rainbow-hued lights. The
reflection of the aurora in the water and
the icebergs gave play for nitrht effects
and color. The base of the float was in
holly leaves. Charles Howe personated
Santa Ciaus.
To-morrow will witness two great dis
plays — the floral parade in the afternoon
and the water carnival and fireworks at
Westlake Park.
SPOKTS AT THE I' ARK.
Jiurli-ftqur Exhibition*, Athletic ctntett*
and Hie i dr. liner* He/ore HnynHy.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., April 22 —The
center of attraction shifted to Athletic
P*rt this afternoon, where a highly di
versified programme of sports engaged
the attention of many thousands of 'spec
tators.
Royalty eraced the occasion by its pres
ence. Her Majesty Queen Francesca came
accompanied, as hitherto, by her retinue
of court ladies, prime minister and other
functionaries, entering the luclosure soon
after 2 o'clock. Calmly indifferent to his
torical solecisms, her Majesty and her
court had divested themselves of the pic
turesque garb of the eighteenth century
and substituted that of the present day as
one perhaps better adapted to the warmth
of a Los Angeles spring. Variety, how
ever, is invariably acceptable, and the
natural charms of the Queen and her la
dies can well dispense .with the artificial
assistance of powder and patches.
Prior to ascending the handsome and
richly canopied dais reserved for her con
venience the Queer, and t he entire cortege
passed in 1 stately procession twice around
the inciosure, her Majesty gracefully bow
ing hi r acknowledgments and waving a
handkerchief in response to the prolonged
ripple of applause with which she was
everywhere greeted by her devoted sub
jects. Then, while the band played an
appropriate measure and escorted by
Prime Minister Thomas, s-ht proceeded
from her carriage to the dais, a white
carpet having been previously spread be
tween the two. The remaining carriages,
with their freight of female loveliness,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, APRIL 23, 1807.
followed one by one, »nd, everything
being in readiness, ber Majesty, through
her Prime Minister, declared it her
pleasure ibat the sports should proceed
forthwith.
If a fault could be found with the subse
quent programme it was that a multiplic
ity of entertaining features proved almost
bewildering. Thus, while the cyclists and
sprinters competed in deadly earnest for
tangible trophies and the royal favor the
members ot the Los Angeles Athletic
Club, fantastically arrayed, were frivo
lously engaged in acrobatic and humorous
business in the center of the field to the
inter.se delight of the onlookers.
The iwo clowns, Ben Boaner and Fay
Stepbenson, were huge succes»es, and me
exciting debut of the club's iamous baud
oi Zulus, imported direct from Africa tor
the occasion, created quite a sensation.
These dusky warriors were completely
armed with assegais, shields and six-shoot
ers, and in tne exuberance oi their holi
day spirits proceeded to kill each other as
rapidly as possible early in the day. They
were afterward resurrected, however, anil
again startled the spectators by a well
executed series of pyramid and tumbling
specialties.
The club German band incidentally har
rowed the souls of its hearers in the
course of a burlesque parade around the
field. The midget policemen followed
closely in its wake and were generously
applauded. Among ttie many other en
lermining specialties contributed by the
members of the club were wrestling and
boxing bouts by Messis. L. Tascuet and
Frank Sentous, N. T. Forsyth and S. J.
Brown, M. Graham and Harry Porter, M.
Micbelsou and F. N. Lord, Harry Maeder
and Alfred Maeder.
The two most important events of the
day were the amateur and professional
mile Queen's championship bicycle races,
which were won respectively by Ralph
Hamlin and Charles W. Stimson, W. S.
Furman and A. T. Bell being second in
each case. Prooably the proudest moment
of their lives was that in which they were
called upon to approach the royal dais
and receive the reward of their prowess
lrom the hands of the Prime Minister, the
Queen smiling her approbation. Hamlin
and Furman had to compete against
hfteen rivals and were closely pressed in
their respective heats by D. B. Cromwell
and F. G. Lacy. The third hea>, which
contained neither 01 the final winners, fell
to H. B. Cromwell and M. A. Casenave.
The time for the final was 2:20 2-5, which
was better than the 2:261-5 of the first
heat and the 2:27 of the third, and not so
good as the 2:17 of the second.
The mile proiessional brought out four
starters only, ia marked contrast to the
congested amateur field. Stinison was an
easy winner in 2:16 1-5, with A. T. Bell
second and A D. Tonipkins third. Both
races were admirably contested, and liap
pily unmarked by any serious casualties,
though in the third heai of the amateur
contest A. J. Gordon of Pomona, who had
a good chance to win, fell in rounding the
bank during the last lap, and involved
boih Rot-en Campbell and A. L. Taber in
the spill. All three escaped injury, and
Campbell lecovered in lime to finish
third.
Another excellent race was the two
mile amateur handicap, which W. Broth
i erton, at the 75-yard ma r k, won by a
splendid spurt. Time, 4:43 2-5. D. B.
Cromwell, at 50 yards, was second; F. <;.
Lacy, scratch, third; W. G. Furman, 100
yards, fourth, and A. L. Caidwell, 75
yards, fifth. H. B. Cromwell, the second
scratch man, was out of tue race.
P. G. Lacy won the mile-lap amateur in
2:27 2-10 with thirteen points, H. B. Croni
weil being second and W. It. Ruess third.
Charles W. Stinison won the two-mile
lap professional in 5:49, with A. T. Be2l
second and A. D. Tom pk ins third.
j lie remain ing eve n ts on tbe programme
were as follows: Fifty-yard dash— S. D.
Maize, rir-t; P. E. Lamb, second. Time,
5 2-5. Messenger boys' race— W. Jouson,
first: Kichard Farris, second. Time,
2:31 1-5. Newsboys' rnce— K. Neitzke,
Sunday World, first; Henry C. Kagle,
Herald, second. Time, 1:14 4-5. Hun
dred-yard dasb. running race— H. L.
A very, Pomona College,' first; P. E.
Lamb, Pomona, fecund. Time, :10 1-5.
Two hundre dand twenty-yard dash— H.
L. A very, nrst; Fred Bright, L. A. H. S.,
second. Time, :25. Four hundred and
forty-yard dash — R. P. Tolman, Pomona
College, first; P. L. Morrill, L. A. A. C,
second. Time, :56 1-5.
ASSASSINATED AT CALABASAS.
Michael Lorden, a Weil-Known Merchant,
Is Murdered Under Mysterious
Circumstances.
LOS ANGELES, Cal.. April 22.— Michael
Lorden, a well-known merchant of Cala
basas. a mountain settlement north of
Pasadena, was brutally murdered at his
place of business last night.
As near as can be learned of the crime,
Lorden was in his store, near the cash
drawer, about 8:30 o'clock. Without
warning of any kind, a weapon, pre
sumably a rifle, was discharged from out
side the door, and Lorden fell to the floor,
shot in the stomach. He managed to get
up and make his way to a neighbor, about
a quarter of a mile distant, and teil of
the occurrence. Lorden then started
back, and when close to his store fell ex
hausted, where the neighbor discovered
him. The neighbor assisted Lorden to
the store, where he s on died.
The officers are puzzled for a motive for
the crime. It was not apparently for tne
purpose of robbery, as nearly $40 was
found in the money-drawer, and the place
had not been disturbed. Owing to the
remote situation of Caiabasas and distance
from telegraphic or telephone communi
cation, but few details of trie affair can be
learned. Telephonic communication was
secured with Chatsworth Park, but little
was known there of the tragedy.
Sheriff B irr received notification of the
crime early this morning from the latter
place and immediately detailed Under
Sheriff Clement and Deputy Sheriff Guv
Woodward to investigate. They left in a
buggy for the noene of the killing.
Coroner Campbell a. so went to hold an
inquest.
ACCIDJbST .j X, DEATH.
Terdict in a Cute iih*re a Jap Pulled a
Gun Intrant Him.
SAN QUENTIN PRISON, Cal., April 22.
The Coroner's inquest over the remains
of Harry Afatsnmoto, a Japanese found
dead on a skiff floating near San Quentin,
brought in a verdict of accidental death
The 'testimony showed that the Jap, who
was employed by Mr. Keelerof Belvedere,
went off sailing with three lads lrom Tir>
uron. When ne.«r San Qnentin the Jaus
left the boat. • They wandered off into
the woods and after a while returned
to the craft, where they found the
Jap dead. They immediate.}- ran to Tib
uron, a distance of ten miles, tilling peo
ple of tne tragedy on the way.
At Tiburon Constable McL aa secured
a boat and found Vhe skiff with the body
of Matsumoto, which tie brought to
Tiburon and notified the Coroner. A post
mortem examination was held by Dr.
Jones of San Rafael, and it was shown
that death was caused by the discharge of
a gun close to the body. The Jap at
tempted to draw a gun toward him out of
the bottom of the vessel, when it explod
ed and tilled him. At the time of the
accident the boys were in the woods and
knew nothing of it until they returned to
the craft. - They then pave the alarm
The Arm,, Worm ..t f-an Bernardino
SAN BERNARDINO, Cal.. April 22.—
The ie[orted army-worm devastation of
a few days ago vas greatly enlarged.
Competent orchardists hereabouts deny
that any great damage is being done. In
spots they appear every year and for a
while cause havoc, but experience here is
that they are easily overcome. Horti
cultural Commissioner Poase is in the
field at Colton and adopting stringent
measures. Onh- one place, a general fruit
ranch, is attacked and the damage will
be confined there.
TO CUKE A COLD IN ONKDAT.'
Take laxative Broino Quinine Tablets. All drug
gist* refund tao money if it toils to cure, -Jc
PATRIOTISM ON
SALINAS PLAINS
Children Knelt in the
Parade Before the
Veterans.
Nevada City Selected as the I
Place for the Next En
campment.
General Chlpman Satd to Be Lead
ing In the Race for Depart
ment Commander.
SALINAS, Cal., [April 22.— Every vet
eran of the Grand Army encampment to
nigiit is sounding the praises of Salinas,
which is a go-ahead city in the way of
handling visitors. The school children,
as a feature of patriotic demonstration
and parade, surpassed everything that
haa ever been seen at former encamp
ments. State cr Na.ional.
Nothing happ-ned to mar the pleasure
of the grand parade and review. The
weather was perfect. Promptly at the
hour appointed, 11 o'clock this morning,
the column, escorted by Captain Uurke's-
Troop C, National Guards, moved. At
eyery block along the beautifully decora
ted streets a new and delightful surprise
was unfolded to the sight of the march
ing veteraus. Seven hundred school
children, marshaled in live battalions,
were lined up on Capital street. The chil
dren saluted the veterans, sans songs of
greeting in chorus, waved flags ana
aroused an enthusiasm in the Grand
Army column that spread to the vast
throng of spectators, causing cheers to re
echo along the entire line.
This ieature of itself was admirable
I enough, but the sight of the moving bat
| talions of cnildren as they couuter
i marched in front of the reviewing stand
| oa Main strett was what excited the great
! est enthusiasm.
First came the girls of the High School
wuh Japanese shades or parasols, then the
boys in white uniform and straw hats
headed by the school drum corps. The
boys of Lincoln School bore a banner con
taining a likeness of Lincoln, which was
cheered again and again. The girls of the
Grammar School, with white and blue
sashes and mortar-board hats of red,
white and blue topped with stars, made a
I most creditable display. The crowning
feature of the whole scene \va3 that ex
hibited by the "tots>" of Washington Pri
mary School. They maintained their even
places in line by holding in their hand
streamers running the entire length of
the battalion. In front of the reviewing
stand, where the badges glittereJ, the
little ones were halted to sing "America,''
then they knelt down in the roaiiway of
Wie straet and in cnorus invoked thetavor
of heaven to preserve the country and
the Mag.
The veterans of the war and the lady
veterans of thir:y peaceful encampmens
were deep y moved. The emotion pro
duced in me ranks of tne Woman's Relief
Corps and in the circles of the Ladies of
the Grand Army has not yet subsided.
All assert that it was the most impres
sive an ft beautiful spectacle that they ever
saw. The excellence of the marching,
the grading of the children according to
size, and the precision witn wnich the
youn? Jady teachers bandied their respec
tive commands was a common topic of
comment. Comrades from San Francisco
exclaimed: "Look at that object lesson
and fancy San Francisco giving features
to a procession. 'Ibis is out of sight. In
all our encampments nothing has equaled
this feature. Salinas has carried off the
honor*."
Tne 80ns of Veterans, while not numer
ically *troncr,:enlisted considerable cheer
ine. Frequent cheers were given for the
Veteran Guard and loud huzzas for Troop
b, National Guard of California, an or
ganization of which Salinas is proud.
To view the parade people came from
Monterey, Pacific Grove, Castroviiie, Wat
sonville, Gilroyand from places a hundred
miles distant. It was a great day on the
plains of Salinas, showing that the growth
of patriotism and the development of the
beet-sugar industry go hand in hand.
THE LATE JUDGE W. S. HOLMAN of Indiana, the "Great
Objector."
WASHINGTON, D. C, April 22 —Rep
resentative Holman of Indiana died at 2
o'clock this afternoon. He bad been ill
with spinal meningitis for some weeks.
William Steele Holman was a native of
Indiana and 75 years of ape. The year he
was 21 be was elected Judge of Probate,
and four years later Prosecuting Attorney.
He served a term in the Legislature in
1851-52, and from 1852 to J856 was Judge of
the Court of Common Pleas. In 1856 lie
was tirst elected to represent his d;sirict
in Congress. He was nominated eighteen
times and suffered but four defeats — in
1*54, 1876. 1878 and 1894. Long, long ago
Judge Holnian earned the title oi the
"great objecior" and "watchdog of the
treasury" oecause of his unyielding op
position to every plan of the Republicans
in which the expenditure of money played
any prominent part. It is not true, as has
What surpris°s every one is the number |
of children in a city the population of
wbicb does not exceed 4000.
The Department Encampment held a
session to-day, lasting from 2 o'clock until
5. An effort to proceed to the election of
department commander was made with
some vigor, but it failed. It was decided
to make that matter the special oraer for
to-morrow Rt 9a. m. The leading candi
dates are General N. P. Chipman of Red
Bluff, Frank Miller of Sacramento and F.
D. Cusbiue of Jlameda. To-night it
seems almost a cerm.ntv that General
Cnipman will carry off the honors.
For some time he was in doubt as to
whether he could lind time to attend to
the duties of the portion, but he haa now
made up his mind to talie iho time. His
address at ttie opara-house last night pro
duce i a good impression.
Navada Cry was selected as the
place for holding the encampment in
1898. San Diego delegates gave notice
tu at they would claim the encampment in
1899 as a matter of r ght. Judge Walling
read oflic al invitations f-om the Trustees
of Nevada City, the Board of Trade and
also tne Board of Supervisors of Nevada
I County. A miners' welcome was pledged
to the department. The motion to ac
cept the invitation was carried unani*
mously.
Delegations were received from the
Woman's Relief Corps, Ladies of the
Grand Army and Sons of Veterans.
Eva J. French, Eleanor P. Anderson
and Fannie F. Stoddard spoke the greet
ings from ihe circles.
Messrs. Pierce, Handley and Howard
voiced the sentiments of the Sons of
Veterans. Mr. Pierce made an effective
speech. Mr. Handley promised that the
Sons of Veterans in San Francisco would
go to Nevada City next year with a drill
I corps that would outdrill the Veteran
Guard. The announcement caused a roar
of laughter at the cx Dense of the guard.
Pieice is on the slate for division com
mander of the Sons of Veterans, hence a
j»reat boom in tl>e order is anticipated,
Mrs. Elizabeth D. Kinne and Mrs. Me:
ritt presented the greetings from the
Woman's Relfef Con s. Mrs. Kinne read
a statement showing that the corps dar
ing the year had assisted 1832 persons and
expended in relief $5368. Tnere still re
mains in the treasury $4495. The finan
cial statement is signed by Laura Robin
son, president, and Lizzie Hatch, secre
tary.
Vacancies on the board of directors of
! the Veterans' Home were filled. Tue sue
; cessful candidates are : John A. Gilmore
I of San Francisco, C. H. Reddington of
! Oakland, A. McManon of San Jose, Mag
! nus Tait of Los Gatos and E. R. Miller of
I Alameda. The point was raised, and dis
cussed at lenetd, thai the law required
I another director to res.de in San Fran
cisco, and therefore F. Hansen may take
tha place of E. K. Miller.
'FOR OOJjURS Alt: PARK.
Plan to Erect a Lincoln Statue There
Meets Huh favor.
SALINAS, Cal., April 22.— The plan to
establish Lincoln day in the public schools
and to erect in Golden Gate Park, San
Francisco, a monument to the memory of
the great liberator, was fully presented to
the encampment this afternoon by C. Ma
son Kiune, treasurer of the Monument
League. A committee -was appointed to
take charge of the certificate-books and
issue to comrades certificates of member
ship in the league. The proposition met
with instant favor, and many comrades
i joined the league to-night.
A committee consisting of Charles Ed
elman, N. P. Ghipman, Frank Miller, F.
L. Clarke and P. D. Curbing was appointed
to submit resolutions of respect to the
memory of Comrade Charles M. Gpulding
of the Veterans* Home Post, a representa
tive to the encampment who died sud
denly in this city yesterday morning.
The casket bearing the remains of their
comrade was escorted this morning to the
depot by the Veteran Guard. The en
campment voted to defray the expenses
of the funeral from the department funds.
Many resolutions on his death were intro
duced and referred without discussion to
the proper committee. . . .. .
President McKinley. will he asked to re
store to the pension-rolls pensioners who
have been unjustly deprived of a pension.
The National Tribune's plan of a fixed
pension of $B. a month for every. Union
soldier and 1 cent a day per month for
\ each day of service has many supporters
in the department.
The flag in the school procession to-day
was carried by the tall boy who was re
cently described and pictured in The Call.
Major J. • Wallace, district inspector,
First Brigade, National Guard, officially
inspected Troop C this afternoon.
It is sealed tnat John G. Joy of Steed
man Post, Salinas, will be elected junior
vice department commander.
Charles Edelman of San Francisco will
probably De elected one of the delegates
to the National Encampment. He has
been photographed since his arrival here
as the one Democrat of the age who re
signed an office. The Governor appointed
him as Commissioner of the Hamburg Ex
position, and he resigned.
been asserted, that he held the record for
length of service In one brancn of Con
gress. Beuton served his thirty years in
the Sena'e, and even wrote a book about
it. But Judge Holman was considered a
fixture in the House until he was removed
Dy the Republican landslide in 1894. Even
then be fared better than most of bis
friends, for he was defeated by only a few
votes. After his retirement in 1894 he
lived quietly in his Indiana home until
the opening of the present Congress, sad
dened by the loss of his dear wife, who for
half a century had been his companion in
his victories and defeats. Financially the
aged legislator died poor. Of the $150,000
in salary he drew for his service>at Wash
ington he haa not a penny. Poor in purse
he a ;is rich in houor, and if he saved no
money for himself there is no doubting
that his famous objections helped the
husbandry of the Government m his day.
NEW TO-DAT — CLOTHING^
YOU'LL DPJSLY
Admission to a theater to see a, pretty spectacle, a pretty
tableau, or something pleasing and pleasant to rest the eye
upon. . ■ ■
What more pleasant spectacle can greet your eye than our
second floor on these days when our Spring stock is all complete
and new, and when it's like wandering through a garden of rich
and rare exotics. It's a glimpse of the richest things ever con-
ceived for little children, big children, and bi '■? boys, "and the ad-
mission is— free and we're grateful for the call, for we got up all
these things to merit your approval.
Friday and Saturday Attractions !'"
£^^> Some 200 pretty Reefer Suits
|^=l=»3ip in Havana brown plaids ; broad
C-"*^-'-M Hercules braid on collar. If
«b ♦ * % you pay S3 for 'em, you'll pay
§what they're worth; they're
\£- cutely gotten up ; the collars are
\«p XV extra deep ; for little fellows be-
/Xxt^ tween the ages of 3 and 8.
j'^L^&KS^s.J^k We reserve the right to limit
( y \<Bsr/ \ quantities to each and every
I ( \ customer, and the price . will . be
iLzz?^^ \ \ Friday and Saturday .
r ° cf-^\ $1.50.
ji o o r\/ | Wash Fabric Suits.
.. 'y / \\y^ -><^% We have taken
j^ some remarka-
—JJ [ ' i> -'' bly pretty Wash
Y^. \ dssJs^\ Fabric Suit s,
I L^ __-s^^ /*>o^v \ w^ n extra deep
x^^^^^i^r^^^ ' T $r- sailor collar,
"W \ 1 !^/ \\^_\^' handsome com-
I / \ I ) \ bin ati on s —
I / \ \ ', I "T\ / goods worth all
\^ SI J yL^ I7\ I the way up to
Hill & g| Si among 'em ;
\"M m W all this season's
WSj fid a ? styles; many
WBj "^= M 4 pretty combina-
fSjP f^ $* ™ . tions in stripes :
IS \€ sizes 3to 10 years. Friday and
JUt Ve\ Saturday they'll be, including
y^slp ifes lanyard and whistle,
Young Men's
/ I r^( \ Department!
I r \ In our Young Men's Suit De-
\ Ny " 0 partnvnt Friday and Saturday
\ / _J we ivill have some very hand-
~~j) °- °(I I some Plaid Suits, the very swel-
<s=JJ '== a;s ] lest colorings, both light, dark
\TTrf and medium, in single and
t lip-' double breasted sacks, carefully
j^ V tailored garments, garments
T "TT* " that have d tone and character
I l\ to 'em. These Suits are for
\ f\\ young men between the ages of
i '111 *s -^ *
: /\1 ■ , 12 and, 19.
I V 1 Special on Friday and Satur-
i \ I . day at
I W ' $5.00.
FRATIJRES!
Ladies' Club Ties.
Some awfully /[HB&
swell ideas in iuffli^
plaids, stripes /flrmttw\
and plain solid . /oinfi
colorings ; what aim Yftak
you'll pay in fijff ffl \^tt
other stores 35c J&T B "\^
Friday and Saturday at the
l Big Kearny-Street Store at
—15c—
Leather Belts ~~~~
For Ladies.
The ones with the harness
buckle— the correct and swell
idea, in Reds, Chocolate, - Olive,
| Bronze Green, Russet, and
| many other pretty shades. You
can't touch 'em in any other
store under 75c. At the Big
Kearny -Street Store for Friday
and Saturday, at
—25c—
Ladies' Stock Ties.
The very sivel- .
lest in Dahlia, _^
Violet, Pin '^SL
I IVhitc, Black jfjf «ffifc
Surah Silk, W? ♦Sb
Black Satin, in n" -J- *
h a n d s o m c "^uk^iLsx
pi ft i(I s, neat s-zJ^Gp&F'-'--'-
-checks and in '
neat Pers ian :.^M!Fj^
colorings. •
Other houses are getting 75c
for 'em. At the , Big Kearny-
Street Store Friday and Satur-
day at '■"■ ■'■'-'■■■
'—45c—
n i*i i— *^ -^ — — — — — — .a. _ — _ _ — . _ _ _ _ _
Tif£ FRISCO BOYS
9, 11, 13 and 15 Kearny Street.
| Ladies' Sailor Straws.
Some very pretty things ar-
! rived late yesterday afternoon
jin Ladies' Dudes and, Ladies'
\ Sailor Straws. Don't know the
i price of 'em ourselves yet.
They're so handsome ive could
not help but make mention of
'em. They'll be shown this
morning.
Leaped
Into Favor.
Our Linen Collar and Cuff
\ Department for Ladies has
j leaped into immediate favor.
j The newest styles are shown by
I us and the smallest prices are
i quoted— combination of cir-
cumstances which please tJie
ladies— style and price.
Some New
Band bows /^F^g^tf
Arrived yester-\§m{&^ g^M
day afternoon '^H§' 4C ' W
for Ladies, in ■ •Mk :£* /
*V /
the Roman , -[ry^j/
tri p c a nd fZ\^^% iy^gj
plain solid ' col- :■ . / "^o^X
orings; aw fully
swell goods.
They'll be on sale to-day at
i —15c—
34
NO LONGER HOPE
FOR THE SAMARIA
A Life-Preserver From
the Luckless Ship
Picked Up.
The Tell-Tale Relic Found a
Few Miles North of
Astoria.
Circumstances That Recall tho
Fate of the Cadzow
Forest.
ASTORIA, Or., April 22.— Any donbt
that might have existed in the minds of
shipping men a? to the fate of the bark
Samaria, which left Seattle on March 21
for San Francisco, with a carpo of coal,
was settled this afternoon, when Post
master English, of the town cf Long
Beach, Wash., twenty miles north of this
city, picked up a life-preserver on which
was painted the words "Samaria."
The buoy had drifted down the coast,
and evidently came from near I'npe
Flattery. To all appearances it had
The United States Revenue Cutter Richard Rush as She Appeared When on Her Search for th<
Missing American Ship Samaria*
been in the water for some time. Post
master English reported the find to the
authorities.
It is the general opinion of local ship
ping men that the Samaria went down
with all on board north of Cape Flattery,
as a wreck south of that point would have
attracted attention before this.
The loss of the Samaria has a precedent
in the mysterious disappearance of the
British ship Cadzow Forest, which ar
rived off the river last fall. A gale sprung
up ana the vessel was driven to the north.
No trace of the ship was ever afterward
discovered. She probably went down at
sea north of Cape Flattery, and local ship
ping men think the Samaria met a like
fate.
The most feasible solution of the mys
tery is that the Samaria was overturned,
or else tbat she sprung a leak and found
ered, as no other trace has been discovered.
She was out thirty-one days to-day.
Tbe Samaria was a wooden vessel of
1439 net tonnage. She was built in 1876
by Houghton Bros, at Bath, Me. Her
dimensions were: Length 217.6, breadth
39.1, depth 24.1.
The ship was commanded by Cuptain
Mcßae, wio, at the time o: the vessel's
logs — if she has foundered, as is presumed —
was accompanied by his wife and two
minor ciiidren. Captain Mcßae bore the
repntion of being a skillful navigator;
but, as the Samaria was always considered
stanch enough to weather the fiercest oi
gales, her loss is the subject of much
speculation and conjecture among sea
faring men.
RETURN OF THE RUSH.
Not Even a Trace of the Mlsslnar
Vessel Is Found by the
Cutter.
The fates teem to favor the idea that the
American ship Samaria has gone to the
bottom. The revenue cutter Rush re
turned from her cruise in search of the
missing vessel yesterday, but brought no
news. The schooner Liilebonne from Port
Hadlock for Port Costa reported having
seen a square-rigger off the straits of San
Juan de Fuca. The weather was very
heavy and the bbip was apparently in
trouble.
Captain Hunter of the steamer Umatilla
is of the opinion that the revenue cutter
did not go far enough north, "For the
last two voyages," said be, "the wind from
Flattery to Blanco has been southeast.
Now, taking it for granted that the Sama
ria was disabled or dismantled, fhe would
naturally drift north. Say tbat it was the
missing vessel tbat was spoken off the
Columbia Kiver with her mainmast
sprung, then by this time she would be
away north of Flattery, judging from the
winds and currents. I don't think there
is any hope for the vessel, but 1 do tnink
that in a week or 50 the Indians will bring
news from the crew."
The Rush went at least 200 miles north
of Cape Mendocino. A zigzag course was
taken on the way home, but no signs of
the missing vessel could be found. On
the 17th inst., in latitude 40 23 north,
longitude 127.06 west, the schooner
Haosor from Port Townsend for Guaymas,
eleven days out, was spoken, She bad
neither seen nor heard of the Samaria. A
day later the schooner- Lillebonne, seven
days out from Port Hadlock for Port
Costa, was spoken with the same result.
On the 20th. in latitude 41.40 north,
loneltude 126.04 west, the senroner Se
quoia from Grays Harbor for San Diego
was hailed, and a day later a boat's crew
wa"*j sent aboard the G. W. Watson, Irom
Tacoma for San Pedro, in search of infor
mation.
CapUta Roberta reports that he tig
zaeged up the coast to 16 west. In 44.302
north very foul weather was encountered,
but during the remainder of the trip it
was pleasant.
The schooner Meiaucthon and the bark
Carondelet, bound for San Francisco, were
spoken last Wednesday. Not one of them
had seen anytning of tne missing ship, so
the Rush returned to port. Shipping men
are still of tho opinion that news will come
from the Snmaria before the month is out.
They contend that the vessel was <lismast
ed off the Columbia and the prevailing
winds drove tier north pa«t Vancouver
Island. In the circumstances, as they
place them, there could bs no chance of
the Samaria being spoken oy vessels south
bound and no news wouid reach San
Francisco. Istill the general belief is that
the coliier weiit down in tne heavy gale
that prevailed along tne Oregon coast a
month ago.
S A X QUJSMTA& Jb I/A" £ li A 1..
! Frank nhetler'r A**ailant Get* the £{»>•
pie i'enitentinru .-'end-Off.
SAN QUENTIN, Cal., April 22.— About
forty convicts, dressed in their prison
clothes, marched behind the remains of
W. K. Kelly, who was yesterday killed by
a fellow-convict during an altercation
over oDium. The funeral procession filed
out of the main door of the prison, the
coffin beiuc carried on a stretcncr by six
convicts. The procession then marched
around the prison into the cemetery,
where, after a simple service, the casket
was lowered into the ground.
Coroner Eden of San Rafael held an in
quest over the remains at the prison this
morning. Nothing beyond what has al
ready been published was brought out.
Dr. Lawlor, the resident physician, said
to-night that there are chances for the re
covery of Frank Wheeler, who was stabbed
in the abdomen by Kelly. The prisoner
is very low, but has improved somewhat,
leading the doctor to believe that there
may be hope for his recovery.
THRIPS ATTACK
FRESNO'S VINES
Threaten to Destroy the
Coming Crop of
Crapes.
All Efforts to Eradicate the
Pest Seem to Be of
No Avail.
Professor Woodworth Making a !
Careful Study of the
Situation.
FRESNO, Cal., April 22.— Professor C.
W. Woodworth of the State University is
actively engaged in conducting investiga
tions among the vineyards hereabout with
a view to finding some effectual way of
exterminating the tbrips or vinehoppers,
which are threatening to destroy the com
ing crop of grapes. He has not yet found
a satisfactory remedy and is vigorously
prosecuting hi- work. The hoppers at
present are infesting only vineyards in
certain sections. They seem to be migra
tory, however, and there is danger that
they will spread over the entire vine
growing district. The investigations and
experiments by the college expeit are be
ing watched with the greatest interest by
the farmers, and they appreciate very
much the efforts of the professor in their
behalf.
Professor "Woodwortb is of the opinion
tbat the vinehoppera feed all winter, ex
\ cept in extreme cold weather, on every
-1 thing they can iind digestible. The insect
is dormant or active according to the !
temperature. The first young will appear
about two weeks hence. They lay eggs all
, season and have two or three crops of
| young. The feeding of the rests varies ac
j cording to their activity. In the winter
i they eat little, but in the spring they feed
I ravenously to develop eggs. Tbe pests in-
I sert the proboscis into the plant and suck
out the sap and green matter of tne ]
vine.
Professor Woodworth believes that the
I eggs are inserted in the leaves of tbe
I vines. The epgs are not in the ground.
I The coming crop of young will be the off
spring of the thrips that remain over
from last summer through the winter.
I Eggs do not endure the winter, Only the
adults survive the cold, and from them
spring the young of the first crop of the
season. Sheep pasturage in the vine
yards, therefore, does not affect the crop.
' Professor Woodworth has not yet ar
rived at a decision as to tbe b»st treat
ment lor destroying the pest«. There are
three ways under consideration— by spray
ing, application of some sticky substance,
or by catching the flying insects with nets. I
He considers the last named the best of |
the three. There is a possibility, but no
probability, says tbe professor, that the
hoppers may disappear from some un
| known disease. Barring the threatened
injury from the thrips the indications are
that the crop of grapes this season will be
the largest ever known.
Mr. Porter, in discussing. the situation,
said; "I really believe that the peit will
— ..-■■..-■ ■ - -■ J
f *
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, APRIL 23, 1897.
be of great injury to the entire crape crop
unless some means is discovered very soon
to check it."
VINE PEST SPREADING.
Thrlps Will Make a Great Differ
ence In the Fresno County
Grape Crop.
From all acconnts received in this City
the vine pest, known as thrips, of Fresno
is causing the Tineyardists of that county
great uneasiness and is even alarming
those of tho adjoining counties. A. W.
Porter of Porter Brothers Company is in
receipt of several communications from
that part of the State and from appear
ances the entire grape crop stands in
danger of being destroyed. Ho had a
communication over tho telephone yes
terday with J. F. Niekirk of Malaga, four
miles from Fresno, in which Mr. Niekirk
stated thai the hopper pest is spreading
every day.
So far, the centleman stated, nothing
has been discovered to check it. The
neighboring vineyards have been at
tacked and the bright young leaves droop
and fall as though a tire baa passed over
the vines. At the rate the pest is spread
ing it will not take long before it works
itself into the adjoining counties. Cut
worms, the regular grasshopper and such
insects have been encountered and de
feated, but the tbripisa mystery to all.
In one of the letter* received by Mr.
Porter from Hobbs, Parsons *fc Co. of
Fresno, dated April 20, the writer says:
There is quite a scare among the growers
over the vinebuu that is doing considerable
injury at the present time. I presume you
have seen accounts to the papers. Tuereis no
doubt they will cut off the crop some, but to
what extent it is hard to telL
louthful Paatitno at San Hafatl.
SAN RAFAEL, Cal., April 22. — A
prize- fight took place here last night be-
tween two lads well known about town.
It lasted five rounds and was fought in a
barn just back of tbe San Rafael Convent.
A num'er of spectators wi nested the
affair. Tae lads are aged 18 and 20, re
spectively, and the five rounds furnished
the visitors considerable amusement.
Skin-tight gloves were used, and another
light is scheduled for the near future.
W. C. T. U. ADJOURNS AT GILROY.
Close of a Most Profitable and Entertain
ing Convention — Ntw County
Cfficers Elected.
GILROY, Cal., April 22.— The twelfth
annual convention of the Woman's Chris
tian Temperance Union of Santa Clara
County concluded its three days' session
in the Presbyterian church of this city at
noon to-day.
The session was attended by forty- four
delegates from the ten unions in crania
Clara County, with visiting delegates from
San Benito County. Ii has been a profit
able and entertaining meeting. Essays
and addresses on all the leading questions
of union wore have been made by promi
nent members. Tbe Stete president, Mrs.
B. Stnrtevant Peet of San Jose, was pres
ent and made a brilliant speech on "Cnris
linn Citizenship."
The meetings have been open to the
rmblic and have been largely attended.
Local singers contributed to the musical
portion of the programme. Mrs. Renow
den Bailey, State superintendent of sing
ing, contributed several tine solos. The
delegates had the freedom of the houses
of the city, and before adjournment passed
a rising vote of thanks ior their cordial
entertainment in Gilroy.
Tha following county officers were
| elected for the ensuing year: President,
Mrs. C. M. Ayres of San Jose; first vice
president. Mrs. A. E. Clark of Gilroy;
I second vice-president, Mrs. 8. J. Churchill
of San Jose; corresponding secretary, Mrs.
\ Craig of Sin Jose; recording secretary,
! Miss J. B. West; treasurer, Mrs. J. E.
Forsvthe of Gilroy; auditor, Mrs. H. L.
Burwell of Morgan Hill.
STANFORD-BERKELEY DEBATE.
Fifth Annual Controversy of the Universi
ties to Tako Place in This C/iy
To- Morrow Evening.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Cal.. April
22.— Next Saturday evening the fifth .in
nuai debate between Stanford and Berke
ley is to take piaoe. Metropolitan Temple,
San Francisco, will undoubtedly be
crowded, as the intercollegiate field day
in the afternoon promises to excite great
college enthusiasm. A large delegation
from the universities will witness both
events.
Tbe question for debate was submitted
by Berkeley and reads: "Resolved, That
each member of the Cabinet should have
a seat and a voic -in Congress." Stanford
had the choice of sides and selected tbe
negative, contrary to her custom in former
debate". The wearers of the blue and
gold will be represented by Charles C.
Cohn. Adolph L. Weil and H. A. Over
street, while Miss Londa L. Stebbins, John
M. Hurt zer and A. B. Morgan are (o up
bold the cardinal.
Both universities bave won two debates
and the tiftb match will be hotly con
tested. The Stanford team has received
special attention this year, and if they tail
to win the decision of judge* it will not be
because of any lack of thorough prepara
tion. The three judges bave noi been se
lected as yet.
TO CUBE A COLD IN ONE DAT.
Take laxative Bromo Quinine Tablets. All drug
gists refund the money v it faila to core. 2&
SAN JOSE READY
FOR EPWORTHS
Everything Arranged for
the League's Con
vention.
Several Hundred Delegates
Expected From All Parts
of the Coast.
Grand Open-Alr Prayer Meetings
Will Be Among the Leading
Features.
BAN JOSE, Cal., April 22.—Prepara
tions are complete for trie Epworth League
Convention, which will meet in this city
next Tuesday evening. It is expected
that several hundred delegates will be in
attendance, and nothing has been lei t un
done that will add to the pleasure of the
visitors. The committee of arrangements
In charge of the convention is as follows:
Rev. I*. V. Fisher, chairman; Miss Eliza
beth Blasdel, secretary; J. J. Bennets,
treasurer; Miss Mabel Forward, E. C.
Huriburt, Professor L. Krock and M. R.
Walker, who are the efficient managers of
the convention plans.
A committee, headed by M. R. Walker
as chairman, will meet all trains on Tues
day and escort the delegates to Hale's
Hall, the general headquarters of the com
mittee. At 6 o'clock Tuesday evening the
visitors will be tendered a banquet in the
parlors of tte First M. E. church. From
8 to 10 in the evening a reception 1 will be
held at Hale's Hall.
Representatives of the city churches,
Endeavor societies and leagues will wel
come the guests, while some prominent
citizens of San Francisco and the district
president, Rev. Herbert Briggs or Santa
Cruz, will respond. The University or
chestra will play and prominent San Jose
musicians will furnish a delightful pro
gramme.
The convention proper will open the
next day with the sacramentof the Lord's
Supper at the First M. E. Church, at 9
a. m., lollowed by a love feast. The aU
dreas of President Briggs, the reception of
fraternal delegates and the routine busi
ness will contnme the morning.
The afternoon will be devoted to a dis
cussion of the model working league, with
papers on the social, literary and philan
thropic phases of league work. The junior
and intermediate societies will have a
prominent place on the programme.
On Wednesday evening the ie&iure will
be the address of Rev. Dr. Beard of San
Francisco on ''The Sociological Possibil
ities of Methodism."
The work of Thursday will open with a
sunrise prayer meeting in St. James Park.
The morning session will consider "Per
sonal Evangelism" in all ita meanings
and methods.
After an early business session of the
afternoon and a missionary hour, led by
Rev. Dr. Masters of San Franchco. the
visitors will po to a reception tendered,
them by the University of the Pacific on
i their campus at College Park.
The closing evening of the convention
1 will be thoroughly evangelistic. At 7
o'clock the 'whole convention will be
turned loose on the streets holding gospel
meetings all over the center of town. At
8 o'clock, header, by the cospel wagon, a
great procession will be formed, which
will march to First Church, where Rev.
E. P. Dennett of Santa Rosa will preach
:ba convention sermon, and President
Briggs will hold tue closing consecration
service.
On Friday many of the delegates will !
remain over to visit Alum Rock and
[ Mount Hamilton.
KID EVANV DEATHBLOW.
Fatal Termination of His F/atc Effort at
San Jose— A Similar Casa in
Pennsylvania.
SAN JO6E, Cal., April 22. — 'Kid"
Evans, the pugilist who was knocked out
j by Matt Semichy in a glove content last
j evening, died early ;his morning from toe
effects of bis injuries, and a charge of
manslaughter now stands against the
name of the victor, who ii a prisoner in
tbe County Jail.
Evans never regained consciousness
after be was felled by Semicby's final
blow, and shortly after 4 o'clock this
morning death came to tbe young
p ugilist. Eemicby broke aown and wept
bitterly when told of tbe fatal result of the
I contest.
Early in tbe day warrants were sworn
j out for the arrest of the seconds of Sem
icby and Evans and also against tbe re!
eree and announcer, charging them with
promoting and aiding in a prizefight.
j Harvey Johnson was referee and "Kid"
Inland, a memberof the Humane Society,
was announcer. Semicby's seconds were
Gua Meza and Tony Flores, and those of
the unfortunate "Kid" Evans were Lou
Howe and Charles Garboui. All were ar
rested, but are now out on bail.
Coroner Secord held an inquest on the
body of Evan« this afternoon. Antonio
Mannino testified that tbe deceased was
bis son. His right name was Frank Man
nino, but his companions changed it and
always called the boy "Kid" Evans. Tbe •
unfortunate pugilist was but 19 years old.
The verdict of the Coroner's jury was
that death resulted from concussion of
the brain, caused by a blow delivered by
Mat: Semichy.
Shortly after the verdict was announc ed
Chief ot Police Kidward swore to a com
plaint charging S micby with manslaugh
ter. His bail was tiled at $5000, but he
bas not yet obtained bondsmen.
PHILADELPHIA, Pa., April 22.— 8i11y
Vernon, the pugilist who was jrnocked
senseless by a heart blow on Tuesday
night, died to-day. His antagonist,
Pearce, was beld to-day to await the Coro
ner's action.
MOf\T.4J\ VIEW BVKOLABT.
James Smith ./ • Hen :nt San~ JOS* for
Looting a Cabin. ' - '■-■.■
SAN JOSE, Cal.. April James
Smith has been received: at the County
Jail from Mountain View to await exam- j
ination on a charge of burglary. He broke j
into a cabin belonging to Gus Olson, near j
that place yesterday and stole $70 and a j
revolver, Smith '- was seen ' leaving ■ the
cabin, and Constable Martin at one? start
ed on his trail. He was captured in a
creeK several miles lrom the plage. When
run down Smith attempted to use the
pistol taken from the cabin, but Con
stable Martin was too quick for him and
coveted him with a shotgun. The pris
oner is believed to be an ex-convict. .. "
♦— ; ;.:. - : •:: • > . ■
Wine Snrriftc-d to .<// a Judgment. ]
SAN JOSE, Cau. April 22.— in order to
satisfy a judgment lield by the First Na
tional Bank against Werner Menke, an
insolvent debtor, Public Administrator
Secnrd bas sold 45,000 callous of wine at
li 1 , cents a gallon to" August Petzold of
Sau Francisco and 7000 gallons to Gund
lacb-Bundscbu Wine Company at 12l«
cents per gallon. The vine is of last
year's vintage and the pric* is con«=Hered
reraarkablv low, as the came wine sells at
20 cents per gallon in the market.
KLOSS' DAY OF DOOM.
On tk» Brink of the Scaffold tha Mur
derer Oisp/c/s the Utmost In
diffsrenca.
SAN QUENTIN PRISON, Cal., April
-2 — Murderer Frank C. Kloss, who will
be haugeJ to-morrow morning, spent his
last day on earth with the same show of
contempt that has characterized his
actions from the time be was brought to
the prison convicted of an atrocious mur
der. To-night he is writing a letter to his
mother, and though he has not. an
other day to live he shows not the slight
est sign of iear. To-day he was visited by
his two brothers and bro her-in-law. The
latter asked him what message he wished
delivered to his girl, and the murderer re-
Jjlied:
"Tell her she is no good. You had
b?tter have nothing to do with women.
The old hens will get you in the same
pace as I."
Those in the prison who have been
brought into contact with the condemned
man say that he is one of the boldest
and coolest criminals they have ever
dealt with. Father Lagan was with the
prisoner this afternoon for some time.
This evening Kloss made a statement
to The Call representative in which he
said that he wished to deny ihe story
published in the Chronicle in regard to
the manner in which he treated nib
mother when she visited him at the
prison.
'•The story is a lie," said he, "and not
only does me but my mother an injury. I
have no reason to say what is not true
now. I have only v few hours left on
this earth, and I wish to say that the
story that I abused my mother after she
climbed five pairs of stairs to see mn ia
not so. To-night is the first time I have
seen any reporters since I cave been in
the condemned cell. I killed Deady, but
I did it in sell-defense. 1 did not have a
fair trial, nor have I been treated right
since I have been here. Until Durrant
came the food was not tit for a pig, but it
is better now. All I ask is a square
deal. Do not go away and say that you
found me trembling in my pants.
"Since I have been in the condemned
cell I have slept every nieht, and any
stories to the contrary are lies. Do I ex
pect to go to the gallows like a man ?
Welly I do. I don't look as if I was afraid,
do I?"
Ana he did not, as he sat at a table
writing the last letter that will ever come
from bis pen.
The death watch is with him constantly,
and says that the man ba« not exhibited
the first sign ot lear and sleeps well. The
gallows is ready for its work :n the morn
ing, and Amos Bunt, wno has charge of
the murderer as he mounts the scaffoid,
and whe adjusts the Knot about bis neck,
says that everything is ready for the ex
ecution. He believes that Kloss will die
like a man, and in this opinion he is
agreed with by the other prison officials.
To Build at Santa Barbara.
BANTA BARBARA, Cal., April 22.— C.
rf. Hopkins, a capitalist of San Francisco,
is about to build a magnificent residence
at the corner of State and Valerio streets.
The style of arcnitecture will be roman
esque. Stone will be the entire composi*
lion for the first story and Portland ce
ment for the second s«torv. It is said that
the building will cost $15,000 when com
p'«»t-d.
Lost *».
# §* Rift*
Brings a man down to a bedrock condi-
tion. " He is really the semblauce of a
man — he is a man who has been dis-
jounted— yes, cut off from the pleasurec
»nd enjoyments of life. He is shy and
bashfui, nervous and irritable. Every-
thing frets him, everything goes against
him. he has no confidence in himself, and
has no confidence in others. What can
you say to such a hollow-cheek victim—
what can you do to give him the brace and
rim of vigorous manhood ?
t^ 4
Hudyan. Hudyan is the real enre foi
wasting or draining disorders. Hudyan
cures, no matter how utterly lost the pa- !
tient may fewl. Hudyan is a discovery
made by the doctors of Hudson Medical
lame, and no one can get Hudyan except
by applying to the Hudson doctors.
Will find it advantageous to learn all
bout this wonderful discovery. It won't
hurt you to inquire, why, then write for
Circulars and Testimonials.
Hudson Medical Institute
Ellis, Market and Stockton Sts.
BLOOD POISON— The first, secondary and
BLOOD POlSON— tertiary form of Blood
BLOOD POlSON— Poison is shorn in copper-
BLOOD POlSON— colored spots, tuple j, dry ,
BLOOD POISON— itching akin. The
BLOOD POlSON— reliable cure for this Is the
BLOOD POISO-V— 3o-day Cure.
CIRCULARS FREE-
Wriffifs Man VeptaMs Mb
Are acknowledged by thousands of persons wUo
!iav<» us»d tnem for over lorn- years to cure
I CX HKAUACHE, OIDUINJiSS V iNbXIP.v-
-riO.N, 'lorpid liver, Weak stomach, Pimples and
purify thebiood. :
Grossman's Specilis Hixtnr^
• Wnli tuis ieuiedy i*rsonsmn cure ■ tUembelves
without the least exposure, change of diet, or
change in application to business. The medicine
contains nothing that la of the least injury to the
L-onsttiutlon. Ask your druggist for It. I'rice. $1
iboiue. * .*_'-.
AN OPEN LETTER
To MOTHERS.
WE ARE ASSERTING IN THE COURTS OUR RIGHT TO THB
EXCLUSIVE USE OF THE WORD " CASTORIA," . AND
"PITCHER'S CASTORIA," AS OUR TRADE MARK.
/ ; DR. SAMUEL PITCHER, of.Hyannis, Massachusetts,
was the originator of "PITCHER'S CASTORIA," the same
that has borne and does now /tr >7 —on every
bear the facsimile signature of (^t^/jifi^^c^Ci^C wrapper.
This is the original " PITCHER'S CASTORIA" which has been
used in the homes of the mothers of America for over thirty
years. LOOK CAREFULLY at the wrapper and see that it is
the kind you have always bought, **, '—. on the
and has the signature of (~#La&^&Zc&M wrap-
per* No one has authority from me to use my name except
The Centaur Company of which Chas. H. Fletcher is
President.
March 8, 1897. <2^—^ £&*&****. m
Do Not Be Deceived.
Do not endanger the life of your child by accepting
a cheap substitute which some druggist may offer • you ]
(because he makes a few more pennies on it), the in*
gredients of which even he does not know. -
"The Kind You Have Always Bought ""*?'
BEARS THE FAC-SIMILE SIGNATURE OF
Insist on Having
The Kind That Never Failed rotL> :
TM« CENTAUR COMPANY. TT MURRAY STREET. MEW YORK CIT*.
HOTEL MAJESTIC,
CENTRAL PARK WEST, 72d AND 71st STS., NEW YORK,
PACING CISNTKAI. PARK.
THE ELITE HOTEL OF AMERICA.
CONDUCTED ON AMERICAN AND EUROPEAN PLANS.
One of the Largest and Finest in the 'World ; 600 Rooms, with 345 Bathrooms.
Absolutely Fire-procif. Most luxuriously Appointed. Cuisine of the Highest
Order. An Ideal Resort for Families. Transients and Tourists. Select Orchestral
Music Every Evening, Sp«eiou« Foyer and Promenade Halls, Drawing and Musio
Kooms. Excellent Appointments for Private Dinners, BsnqnoU, Dances and Re-
ceptions, t owl ng Alleys and Shuffle > oardl for Private Karties
References Required of Parties not Personally Known to the Management.
While this Hotel is Orpanizfd and Conducted on the Grandest Scale Possible*
Prices are Kept Moderate. Kxce.llent Home during; the Summer for Gentlemen
whose Families are. at Distant Points in the Country or Abroad.
P. S.— Parties VWiting New York are Cordially Invited to Inspect this Magnifi-
cent Hotel, which will be found one of tiie Greatest Attractions of the City.
Within Twenty Minutes' Reach of the Business and Theater Districts. During th«
Summer Season the Keautiful Private Rustic and Palm Gardens, situated 000
eet above sea l«vni, are open to Gue*ts only. A. F MI'EI.LEK
Jill .^y^r'j _ / JV T C^-f'^vs* I ■ S
v. Broker. I wish I could get hold of something 'that would "
help this distress I feel after eating.
'•' 'Merchant. I think I have here the very thing you want.
I keep a supply for my own use and for just such cases as yours.
- Broker. What is it?
, Merchant. A Ripans Tabule. Swallow it with a mouth- ■ \
ful of water, or without if you can. •*
. . Next morning the Broker reported himself as under a double obligation. Not only had V
, He got relief himself, but a brother broker, to whom he exhibited his supply bought at the '
corner drug store, had. suffered from trouble of the same sort and in his case also it was " , ; •
found that ONE GIVES RELIEF.
I^DAT^Tc^i 'Weak Men and WomenTHE TOURNEY A
THING OF THE PAST
v —
Events Presented Yester
day Were All of a Mili
tary Character.
The Section Contest and the
Drivers' Race Were Most
Exciting and Interesting.
In the Broadsword Melee Two of the
Troopers Had Their Heads Cut
Baseball to B. Played To-Day.
f
The great military tournament, the first
of the kind ever held on the Pacific Coast,
has come to an end, and there are thou
sands besides those who actually partici
pated in it who will remember it with
pleasure.
The men who engaged in the several
events, sixty-three in number, did so in all
earnestness, and there was not a man who
came to the scratch who did not think if
he did not come in ahead he would at
least be second on the list. In their work
they were encouraged to the utmost by
the officers of the department, who were
detailed in various capacities to carry on
the many «jvents. Of the many officers
who were on the field director-general of
the games, Captain Alexander Rodgers,
Fourth Cavalry, is deserving of special
mention for the executive ability he dis
. played; also First Lieutenant Leon S.
Koudiez, quartermaster First Infantry,
who as secretary and treasurer of the de
partment games committee was in greater
demand on all sides than any other officer
at the post. To his excellent judgment j
is due much of the success of the tourna
ment.
There was an increased attendance yes
terday and the day was almost perfect.
Tne lue-of-war, mounted, which was
the first event, was not without its at
tractive features. There were teams from
the light battery and the cavalry. The
teams consisted of one captain and five
competitors. The limiting line-< were ten
yards, each team in column facing the
direction or the pull with nurses standing
at a distance of three yards from croup to
head. None o: the competitors was per
mitted to catch hold of his saddle or
mane of bis horse. The first heat was
won by Light Battery F of the Presidio,
and the second by Troop ii of the Presi
dio. The time in each instance was live j
seconds, and it was a remarkable fact that
th" teams that won were those headed j
toward the stables.
The 680 yards go-as-you-please race in j
li^ht marching order had six entries, but j
only four came to the scratch. Puckett of
G company was suffering from the injury
to his left knee, and he was not in condi
tion, still he came in a good second.
Chalmers of Company ri, of San Diego,
won in 2:54 2-5, Dougherty of Company B,
Benicia, third.
For bign jumping mounted, with 25 yards
■ start, inert- were five entries, but only two
starters, Robertson, Troop B, Presidio,
and Serueant Hart of 'iroop I, who,
tnoueh but a few days out of the hospital,
volunteered to enter just to niaice a con
test. Robertson had a splendid horse, that
jumped over t..e bar in tine style, and he |
made a record of 5 feet 2. inches. Hart
was satisfied witn 3 feet 6 inches.
Another novelty was the retiring sharp
shooter race. Tue contestants started at
scratch, with cartridge belt and five rounds
of ammunition, ran to their pieces, fifty
yards distant, with bolts taken out and
apart. On reaching that point the men I
pat down, assembled bo'ts, inserted them I
in the pieces and tired to scratch, halt
ing every ten yards and firing one shot to
the front in prone position, the last shot I
being fired at scratch. Puckett won this
in 56 1-5, Lung of Company D, B;nicia,
second.
There was another obstacle race be
tween a team of men from A Company of
the Presidio and one from D Company of
Benicia. This was the same as "the
obstacle race run the previous day,
but wa- more exciting. The winner was
the team of Company A, in 20 seconds.
Hennx and Eng3trom, who ran this race
the previous day, ran again. Hennz was |
the winner in 26 1-5.
The section contest between a team
from Light Battery C and one from Light
Battery F, both of the Presidio, attracted
close attention. Each section consisted of
a chief, caisson corporal, gunner, four
driver- and seven cannoneers. There
were four-horse teams. The-e were on
the ground lino 100 leet from the firing
line, th« harness was oil the poles of the
pieces packed ten yards in the rear of the
gonna line. At a signal the men har
nessed and hitched their horses, advanced
and came into action "in buttery" on the
firing line and' fired one shot. Then the men
Changed a piece wheel with a spare wheel,
fired one shot to the rear, limbered up
and went to a picket line, made a counter
march and halted with beads of each
team of pieces at the picket line. The
first team reaching that line was the
winner, it it Had complied with all the
conditions. Phis was full of action and
was one of the most exciting of the entire
tournament. The men were on their met
tle in the matter of hitching up and mak
ing a change of wheels. Battery F lost
the contest because of some trouble with
the traces of the caisson team. Battery C
won in 5:40, Battery F scoring in G:CB.
The winners w«»ro enthusiastically cheered
by soldiers and civilian*.
Then followed the semi-final of the
mounted tug-ot-war, which was won by
Battery B's team in 5 seconds.
Then there was wall-scaling over the
ten-foot wall, the same as at previous
contests minus the firing at an imaginary
enemy. The first heat was won by Com
pany D of Benicia in 19 1-5 seconds, and
the second by Company A in 19 2-5 sec
onds.
The next contest was one that required
a great deal of steadiness and nerve. The
This evening a bantam- championship battle between Jimmy Anthony of Australia and Jimmy Barry of America will b« de-
cided in Woodward's Pavilion. The little 'uns are in prime condition and will assuredly give good accounts of themselves. The betting
favors Barry because of the stand tie nisde against Ward; whom Anthony failed to stop in ten rounds in this City a. few months ago ! But
Anthony has a first-class record, nevertheless, which he has reason to be proud of. He is slower than Barry, but of the two bantams An-
thony is the harder puncher and may bring down his game in short order this evening. The colored pugilists, Print and Armstrong arc
*«*vi-wusj?ti. Tjje last nacjed is «ftid to be very c^ T er tod • promioing caa«iia»ie (or CBwopioniUlp honors. lUe card ii » good oat. '
contestants, all cavalrymen, stood at
scratch dismounted, each holding an egg
in a table spoon; at a signal they mounted
and rode to llan No. 2 and deposited the
egg and spoon in a basket, a condition
being that the egg deposited shouid be
unbroken. Then each man dismounted,
took a cigar and twelve matches, mounted
and while mounted lit the cigar and rode
to flag No. 3. The conditions were that
these men should dismount and deposit
the clear lighted" in a basicet. Then each
man took a cio-eJ umbrella, opened it,
mounted, rode to flag No. 4, closed the
umbrella and deposited it in a dox. Then
each man took a glass, tilled it from a
bucket of water, mounted and returned
to flag No. 1, near the scratch. The con
dition was that the glass should be at
least hall fuil of water on reaching the
flag. Fernandez oi Troop K. performed
all the feats well, but lost considerable
time in lighting his cigar. Millner of
Troop B was doing very well, and it
seemed as if he would win, when sud
denly after raising his umbrella, his sad
dle turned and he was thrown to tlie
ground. He however picked hirmelf up
and continued on. Then Stable did some
good worK, but the sudd n stopping of
his horse cau-ed the epp to fall, and that
counted against him. The winner was
Fernandez in 3:41; the distance traveled
440 yards.
The drivers' contest, light artillery, was
another exciting event. There were" foutj
horse teams hitched to pieces. They were
driven between twelve posts set on the
corner of three small squares, the diago
nals of which were ten feet long. The
centers of the squares were located h:ty
yards apart on the same line, one diago
nal of each square coinciding with that
line. The contestants ,-tood with the
heads of the lead team one yard from the
southeasterly side of the cenier square,
facing in anorthwesteily direction. At
the signal the driver* staried, passed
through the center square in a north
westerly direction, wheeled to right and
passed through the northern square in a
northeasterly direction, making a circle to
the left, passing back through the north
ern square in a southeasterly direc
tion, wheeling to the right, passing
through the outer -quare in a southwest
erly direction, wheehn- to tne le:t,
and passing through the Southern square
in a souibeaster;y direction, maKing a. cir
cle to the right and passing back through
the southern square in a northwesterly
direction. The accomplishment of these
maneuvers n quired a great deal of skill
in the handling of the tt-arns. Posts that
were knocked down had to be set up im
mediately after the piece passed and five
seconds was added for each post knocked
down. The driver of team of Battery F
did very fine work, but turning too short
knocked down two posts in one square and
one in another. The other team was win
ning giory and p. audits and was about to
enter the last ?quare when the off-pole
horse slipped and lell and threw his rider.
Despite this accident the team was rushed
through. Battery 0 was the winner in
1 :33 3-5.
The fifty-eighth event was another res
cue-race for cavalry. This was a team of
two men from each company, who were
to rescue comrades whose horses bad been
killed. No. lof tach team stood mounted
at scratch, armed with a revolver in
holder with the flap buttoned and five
blank cartridges in his belt. No. 2
crouched behind his thrown hur*e, a hun
dred yards distant. He was with carbine
in hand with five blank cartridge* in the
magazine. At the signal No. 1 drew his
revolver, loaded it, then raced 10 No. 2,
emptying his revolver as he went along.
In the meantime No. 2 fired his five shots,
the conditions being that none should be
fired except when the horse was down.
After firing the fifth shot he abandoned
his horse, mounted behind No. 1 and rode
back to scratch, each man bringing his
arms with him. This was a pretty event
and well executed. The three horses
that were thrown remained down while
fired over, and after they were abandoned
their riders were rescued. Two of the
"dead" horses rose before their riders
were carried to scratcn, but the third re
mained down until his rider returned to
him. Many thought the animal 'really
dead, but they soon discovered that be
was only dead on to his business. Th*»
winners were the men of Troop K. in 33 2 5
seconds.
Then came a broadsword contest called
melee for '.earns from cavalry. The con
testants stood in two lines ten feet apart
equipped with broadswords and masks.
The men eac 1 wore a paper pompon on
the top of his mask and it was cut and
slash in their efforts to knock off the
pompons. During the melee Sergeant
l>xvis had his sword, an oak one, broken
off at the hilt and two men had their
scalps cut, but not seriously. The first
heat was won by the team from Troop X
and the second by the t-am from Troop C.
There was a mounted skirmish contest
for trooper?. There were two entries.
The men took track. <■. rew their sabers
and slashed right and left at stuffed heads
on the ground, in J returning tired with
revolvers at stuffed beads on posts, after
which they threw their horses and l:red
five shots while the horses were down.
Fernandez won in 1:50 4-5, and Jlerry of
Troop 1 recorded in 3:37- The tourna
ment closed with tbe tinais in the relay
race. Tbe winners were the team from
Battery X iv 2:0b", and that from Battery
Dio3:l2)£
To-day there will be a game of baseball
between a picked nine o: tne men at the
Pres'dio. and one picked from the men of
other posts. The grand-stand I, rices (rill
be reduced, and the proceeds devoied to
the curchase of uniforms for the winning
'.earn.
DEATH WAS NEAR HIM.
A Falling I'an« of Glass Narrowly EB
capes Striking » City Mall Ele
vator Operator. *
One of the men who operates an elevator
at. the new City Hall had a narrow escape
from death yesterday and in a moat
peculiar manner. The workmen who are
iMi '.aired on toe roof were making some
alterations in the skylight just above
the elevator near the Larkin street win
when a uuge pane of glass a quarter
of an inch thick fell down the elevator
shaft.
The elevator man was standing in the
doorway of his case at the second floor j
when he beard a crash and a bit; piece of
Rlas:) came down through the narrow
space between the cage and the wall nar
rowly missing his head and dashing to
pieces on the floor of the well.
Had it struck him it would doubtless
have inflicted a fatal wound as the frag
ment weighed several pounds and had
sharp edges where it had been fractured
before reaching the cage.
THE HAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, APRIL 23, 1897.
A NEW ORGAN FOR
TRINITY CHURCH
The Ladies Start a Fand
With a $4600 Sub^
scription.
Many Revisions Made in the
Specifications bj Organist
Stewart.
Its Construction Electro-Pm --umaiic
Throughout-The id;a That of
G nera ILuglilon
Trinity Episcopal Cnnrch is to have a
new organ, one whose appearance and
musical capacity will form only another
attraction to one of tte most beautiful sa
cred editices in San Francisco.
The idea was first suggested by General
James F. Houghton, ana occurre i to him
while on a recent tour of .be East. He
had a plan of the church loft prepared and
sent to him, and it was submit ed to one
of the leading organ manufacturing firms
of the country, located in Boston.
Specifications for three organs hare been
>ent on to the church, and one has been
selected as the organ for which a contract
is soon to be made. The specifications
were revised by Organist H. J. Btewart.
i^ast Wednesday the ladies of the
church held a meeting to consider the
proposition. It resulted in the sum of
|4600 which remained from the sale of
the old Trinity Home being subscribed to
the undertaking. A committee to take
the necessary steps to raise the remainder,
several thousand dollars, was appointed
by the pastor. Rev. Dr. G. E. Walk, in
the persons of General Houghion (chair
man), Mr;. Montgomery Godley, Mrs.
William H. Taylor, Major William B.
Hooper and Colonel Mudleton ot the
medical department of the United States
army.
The specifications, as revised by Organ
ist Stewart, provide that there sliail be
tliree manuals and a peaal of two octaves
and two notes. The compass of the organ
is to be from upper C to A, making a
range of -txty-one note*. The comuv
of tne pedal will be from upper F to D,
maKiug a range of thirty notes.
Tne keyDoard will be located in the
choir arch, end the organist will sit facing
the cone reunion. This idea belongs ex
clusively to Mr. Stewart. Both the choir
arc 1 anu tliat toward the chancel will be
tilled with appropriate casework, built
from any of the native bard woods, sup
porting groups of pipes tastefully ar
ranged and decorated in gold and colors
or treated id bronzes, as may be pre
ferred.
The great organ will contain 881 stops
and pine-, the swell organ 906, the clior
organ 427, the pedal organ 90. The organ
will have mechanical registers, end is to
ba built entirely upon electro-pneumatic
principle*, applied to keys, pedals and
stops throughout. The whole is to be
constructed according to the highest
standard of organ-building.
One peculiar innovation is that by elec
tric action entirely a chime of tuirteen
be.ls in the church tower will be operate!
entirely from the keyboard of tbe organ.
DENIS O'SULLIVAH SANG.
Tbe Sixth Concert of the San
Francisco Symphony So*
cety.
They Rendered * Mos: Excellent Pro
gramme to a Crowded House
V sterday.
The sixth and last concert of tbe San
Francisco Symphony (Society under the
old rule took place yesterday afternoon.
And, as Mr. platt said, in a short speech,
'•Yon can't have music without mon^y."
So, unless 600 of the subscriptions for the
new ser.es of concerts are signed, San
Francisco will once more be without a
symphony society.
The first number on yesterday's pro
cram me was Yon Weber's beautiful
overture to "Ob^ron." Always a lovely
number, the exquisite rendition given it
by the society made it doubly so. The
symphony by Ruoinstein, No. 5 in G
minor, was very well .lone indeed, the
second movement bei:i< particularly
bn-;h:. This symphony pras, by the way,
the last one ever written by that wonder
ful composer.
Number three, Denis O'Snllivan's solo,
wns, ot coarse. th« number must looked
forward id. lit s-ng tirst an aria from
"Don Carlos," by Verdi, and in reply to
persistent applau»u the prelude to "II
Pagliacci."
It is hoped that the Symphony Society
will continue to give these concerts, and
indeed there seems to be no reason why
they shouid not, for of late they have e;i
joye ' an immense popu arity with the
music-lovers of the City. Yesterday's con
cert was crowded, and it . as been so for
the past threa times. There was a gen
eral expression of regret at the possibility
of their discontinuance.
For Mother* and Teachers.
There will be held a mothers' and teachers'
meeting in the parlois of the First Unitarian
Church this afternoon at 3 o'clock. Interest
ing addresses on child study will be made and
mother*' elates arranged^ nrund-T he lexaer
ship of Mrs. E. CJ. Greene, president. Mrs
Louise Ma. i. ana, tenchcr at Stamord Univer-'
sltjr, will address t.-ie meeting.
-a";-^; •.-^-■- 1 .-. -.r.,_ ,_-,,.;-•-.-,■-: -;-r,-._' new to-day- clothikg. ;/Z:;.-~: • }£]'-
I NOTWITHSTANDING U K2 "1
(*',y''vv'. : . * '^^ B^ «^ ■ ■ IM • ™ B^ HI I 1
5 Now Running Riot in San Francisco, . %
I War- WE ME D«li\fi THE CLOTHING BUSKS OF THIS CITY I
O — \A.T OXJ3FI J>
1 & TEMPORARY QUARTERS, 222-224 Sutter St. i
.•*-. — ~~~~~~~^ — .
HiO*h Ollsllii'l7' Cinri I r\%^7 Of^S.rr^hCT are the c<)nnec ting links between us and i|*
4* 1 11^11 V/UCtIILV ClilCi LOW JT 1 ICCS our bi § Patronage. The public knows ifo
fjt ... o f x o — full well that we were compelled to leave »•«
X our bl § s res . on Kearny street, corner Sutler, and take our present quarters so as to sacrifice our fine Spring Clothing, which was *
*f* daily arriving by carloads from Eastern fashionable centers. They also know full well that when we say bargains we mean just what 4*
fs? we say. Hence the enormous trade which is daily surging down upon us at our temporary quarters ■ J ?$*
4* ' ' 4*
* Men s Regular $12.50 Suits will go at Sh RO *
I IK Men's Regular $13 50 Suits will go at JJ7i5O *
I Men's Regular $16.50 Suits will go at \Q Rfi *
* TUIO Men's Regular $15.00 Overcoats will go at - JJ3.75 I
I ' !'l2^.* Men ' s Regular $4.00 Trousers will go at -- $1 QR $
* 111 L La/ j iiju s
I 1 1 LLIX! Child's Regular $4 Suits, 4to 14, will go at -£195 I
* Aft «i- *
$ fi Child's Regular $6 Suits, 4to 14, will go at -;\A 45 *
V rrff-f ' ■■ : - yUI iU *l*
? Mr/ Boys Regular $7 Suits 13 to 19 will go at - $3i75 I
* K^ Bays' regular $B.soSuits,l3 to 19, will goat - JJ4i95 I
* = === =========^ 4?
♦ CITIZEXS OF SAX FRA.\€ISCO AM) SUREOUSDIiG COUNTIES! This PlieDcmenal and Hona Fide Sale should not be missed, as A 4*
$ POSITIVE SAYiXG OF FROM 35 TO 50 PER CE.\T CAN SURELY BE EFFECTED. i*
*$* = _-_— :=zzz=========z============ : == :^ : i — • £$i
hp — I —^ i ■ — — m ■ *'
jiS^ fcj— — — — — i t i — — — — ' i ■■ i hi—— i ig \ g.
X , TEMPORARY QUARTERS: I
| 222 AND 224 SUTTER STREET, I
o Tliree Doors "V7"est of Kearny. %
MORE JAPS WHO
WANT EMPLOYMENT
Cams Here From British
Columbia on the Uma
tilla.
They . Are Looking for Work
in Southern California
Orchards.
The City of Puebla's Quick Ran lo
Cape Flattery— The Or z ibi
Delayei.
The steamer Umntilla arrived from
Puget Sound ports yesterday. Among
the passengers were forty-eight Ja| ane«e,
all of whom declare their intention of go
ing to work in the orchards and vineyards
of California. They are a miserablc-lnok
ing crowd, and Dr. Blue, the .United
States Qua ran tine. Officer, at once sent
them to Angel Island. -There they will
be examined, and after their clothing is
fumigated they will be allowed to land if
each and all can produce $50 United States
money apiece.
The Pacific Coast Steamship Company's
.Pomona and the little: schooner Archie
and Fontie had a hard time, of it last
Wednesday. The uteamer was docking at
Mission-street wharf in order to put some i
shingles into the bnrkentine Irmgani,
which was almost ready to sail for Hono
lulu. She ran into the Archie and Fontie
and damaged bar stern to such an extent
that so* had to move :to Pacific-street
wharf yesterday for repairs.
The schooner Uranus, Captain F. Word
berg, will sail from Hunters Point at day
light Similar on a codQshing excursion.'
8 he will be the last of the season to go out.
The Bternwbeei steamer Alvi«o was de
layed/ nearly an hour yesterday. After j
backing out from the wharf the wheel
locked and she drilled around for a long
time before the engineer could ret matters
straightened out. When she did get un
der way again the men in the engine-room
made up for lost time, and she went up
the bay at an eight-knot clip.
The Pacific Coast Steamship' Company's
City of .Puebla. broke her own record on
the up trip between San Francisco and"
Flattery. The ran was made in 43 hours
and 48 minutes, or 15 minutes better than
the record. The speed into Victoria, B. C,
could not be maintained, as thi> run out of
the tide wa- a very heavy one. Should
the Puebla k«ep up .ier clip on the way
down she will beat all previous record*.
The Harbor Commissioners held a short
session yesiernay. President Colnon was
not at the meeting, so Major Harney was
in the chair. The valley road and the
China Basin came ur, and on the motion
of Commissioner Cnadbourna tiie matter
went over until next June. Mr. Chad
bourne is in favor of doing everything
possible to f.ss'st the Valley road.
The branch Reviving Hospital is now
an assured fact. Y-cs'.enlay the Commis
sioners ordered Chief Engineer Holmrs to
call for informal bids lor the construction
of the building.
The sailing of tie steamer Oriznba for
Mexican ports has been postponed until
the 20th inpt.
HOME MISSIONS bUFFER.
T)i«» New York Frcubyterlan Board Is
Short of Fun<!«— Local Work Matt
Be Curtailed.
The Presbyterian Chinese and Japanese
Mission work in this City, a* well as in
Portland, is likely to be considerably re
striced for lack of lunds.
Tne aews that the mission board in New
York had decided that retrenchment must
be made in ihe Pacific Coast work was an
nounced at tne monthly meeting of the
Woman's Occidental Board and was re
ceived with a good deal of regret. The
Nf w York board has decided to retrench
on home mission work rather than on for
e ign missions, as tiie foreign missionaries
are already In the field, far from their
country and friends, and the non-arrival
of their salaries would mean actual waut
and destitution to them.
The members of the Occidental Board
state that cutting down the expense ot
the home mission woik may entail some
discomfort on the workers, but no actual
want.
Five thousand dollars is the sum which
the New York board has decided must be
retrenched on coast work. The local mis
sions which will be hampered are the
Presbyterian Chinese Mission at 920 Sac
ramen.o street, Rev. Dr. Condit's work
in connection with the Chinese Presbyte
rian Church, on Stockton street, and Dr.
Sturgis' Japanese Mission on Haight
street.
Must r»y the ' Damages.
The Supreme Court has ou.staiaed the jurip
ment of the Superior Court of San Francisco in
the case of Nora Russell, a minor, by her
guardian, against the Pacific Can Company.
This company is engaged in making cans and
other articles. Nora Russell was one ot Its
employes, and she was severely injured by hot
water aud steam irom nn exhaust-pipe. In
the Superior Court she obtained damages for
$2500, the nward being made upon the
ground of neglect on the part of the company
lo protect its employes. Tin- corporation ap
pealed from the judgment and from The order
denying a new trial. The Supreme Court
failed to find where any error had been mnde
by the lower court aud refused to grant ap
pellant's prayer. *
CHARLEY FAIR
HAS DEPARTED
It Is Said That He Has
Taken a Journey to
Europe.
His ' Hal -Million Legacy From
His Father Has Fallen
Due.
Left on Wednesday Last— George A
Knight Says He Will Be Back
'■■\ in a Few Days.
Charley Fair has folded his tent and,
like the Arab, has stolen silently away.
There wan no blare of trumpets when he
depr.rted, and in fact it appears as though
he did no: care to have his destination be
comt? publicly known.
Day before yesterday Charley Fair l>e
tnrr.e 30 years of age, and enlitied to the
$500,000 left by his father to become his
when he attained that age, and this seems
to have given him the opportunity he de
sired, for on the 4 o'clock boat of that day
he went across the bay, and is supposed
to be now speeding his way eastward,
possibly to Europe.
Just what bearing his departure and ab
sence will have on the case now before the
courts is a problem, but those in a posi
tion to know say that it will have none at
all, and that the great struggle over his
father's millions can go on just as well
without his presence.
George A. Knight of Knight <fe Heggerty,
nis attorneys, said last night that Mr.
Fair had not lelt ;he City, but mipht in a
few days. He stated that the $500,000
legacy had not been as yet turned over to
the young man.
Mr. Heggerty, his partner, said that
Fair bad gone out of the City for a few
days, but might return during the trial.
Both were certain that his presence or
absence would have no material bearing
on the Fair case.
1 At the California Hotel it was stated
that Mr. Fair had left the City on
Wednesday, but the management pro
fessed not to know where he had sjone or
when he would return.
An intimate friend, who talked with
him recently, imparted me information
that the young millionaire had gone to
Europe for an indefinite period.
"Charley told me some time ago," he
B.iid. "that he was preparing for a trip
abroad, and that he might be gone a lons
time.
"His old troubles have come back on
him to some extent, and t.e strain of tfce
letral troubles that have been gathering
have been too much for him. His legacy
of $500,000, due when he became 30 years
of ajre, worried him somewhat, but when
liesaw that it was within his grasp he
prepared for the journey.
"1 do not know whether or not he
actually received the money, but he was
evidently satisfied that it was safe. It
may be that he did not care to be in the
City or State wldle the Fair case was on
trial, but he made no mention of such a
matter to me."
"THE MALEDICTION."
Entertainment to lie Given by the
Gentlemen's Sodality.
On the evening of the 28th insr. tl c
grand sacred drama entitled "The Male
diction" will be presented by the best
amateurs in San Francisco at St. Igna
tius CoKege Hall under the auspices and
for the benefit of the Gentlemen's Sodal
ity, connected with that institution.
Tne feature of the play will be the su
perb costumes and magnificent stage set
tings. In the second act a Moorish palace
scene will be displayed, while some of the
costumes ot the principals represent a
Value of "everal hundred dollars.
The cast for the drama includes F. P.
Haynes, T. N. Hiekev. Treorge A. Con
nolly, V. C. Tobin. Dr. b\ B. Robinson,
W. Sieberst, Dr. Porter, A. McKinnon
and Gus Schlacher.
A feature of the occasion will be the
debut of a professional male quartet,
which will sing m»!odies composed for the
occasion by a local composer. Neilly
O'Sullivan will also appear. Tne seating
capacity of the college hall is 2500, and
still the demand for seats is so brisk that
it is thought it will be necessary lo giva
a second performance.
•■ — ♦ — •
At Bombay all the Hindoo sentries
salute any passing black cat, thinking it
mar possibly be the soul of an English
officer.
TOY'S VEGETABLE SARSAPARILLA TAKES.
JOY'S VEGETABLE SAR3APARILLA TAKES
" away the surplus bile and leaves the liver
in periect order. It i>a true liver regulator,';
fig j/j WEBbSt £* «P*^
TOY'S VEGETABLE SARdAPARILLA CAN.
*J be used by old or young. Take it moder-
ately. Remember that moderation In ev«ry-
bias tends to longevity.
56
(Hue to . <&U
FRIDAY APRIL 23, 1897
CHARLES M. SHORTRIIHJt:,
Editor and Proprietor.
SUBSCRIPTION RATES-Posta^e Free:
Pally and Sunday cam., one week, by carrier.. $0.16
Daily and Sunday Call, one year, by mall. . 6.00
Pally and Sunday Cam, six months, by mall.. 3.00
Pally and Sunday Cat i., three months by mall 1.60
Pally and Sunday Call, one month, by mall.. .65
fcunday Call, one year, by mall 1-60
WU3U.X Call, one year, by mall WO
BUSINESS OFFICE:
7 1O' Market Street,
Fan Francisco, California.
Telephone Main-IBM
EDITORIAL ROOMS:
611 Clay btreeu
TeUphon« M«lb-«74
BRANCH OFFICES:
627 Montgomery street, corner Clay; opan until
8:30 o'clock.
339 Hayes street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
615 Larkin street, open until 6:30 o'clock. , ■
b\V. corner Sixteenth and .Mission streets, open
until 9 o'clock.
1618 Mission street, open until 9 o'clock.
167 Ninth street, open until 9 o'clock.
1505 Polk street; open un:tl 9:30 o'clock.
NW. corner Twenty-second and Kentucky
streets; open till 9 o'clock.
OAKLAND OFFICB:
9JB Broad
EASTERN OFFICE:
Booms 81 and 82, M Park Row. New Tone City.
DAVID M. FOLTZ, Kastern Manager.
THE CALL SPEAKS FOR ALL.
All that we can say for little Greece is
that we glory in her pluck.
Mrs. Grundv will be shocked at the suc
cess of the Turks. They wear bloomers.
Unless more dough is put up for the
Balboa-avenue fund we won't hava the
enjoyment of the cake.
It is now clear thut the Turk is not
reedy to leave Europe, and there is no
body to hurry him. Europe will have to
wait.
It looks as if Colonel Yassos will have
to take a second -thought and decide to
leave Crete for a while and attend to busi
ness at home.
Lts Angeles will be surprised to learn
next week tftat a war has been going on.
They believe down there that the whole
world is dancing.
The Mississippi floods will probably
cost us as mucn as the war will cost
Greece and Turkey, and we won't get any
glory out of it either.
The British fleet n.-\s moved to Malta
ami the Russian fleet seeks permission to
] ass tne Dardanelles. The big does are
evidently intent 0:1 getting close to the
bone.
The attempt of young Mason of Illinois
to teach his Senatorial grandmother how
to suck eggs is the latest piece of Chicago
impudence, but it was regarded as amus
ing rather than irritatin?.
If John L. Sullivan had any doubts of
his present place among the hst fighters
of tlie world he ought to have them fret
tied now. Old Jem Mace has challenged
him and is ready to put up money on the
outcome.
Tiie war veterans who were defrauded
cut of their positions in Government of
fices by tne Cleveland administration are
being restored by "Comrade" McKinley,
and some of the mugwumps and cuckoos
are sr.rieking that civil service is going to
be ruined.
Washington officials expect to be ready
to call for bids for grading and excavat
ing at the postoffice site within three
weeks, so it appears the agitation for the
beginning of work on the building has
been much more successful than some
people expected.
Senator Hoar"s reference to the House
as a body "which adjourns every three
days in order to get time to attack the
Senate for not attending to business"
shows that the old gentleman has a very
neat humor of his own when he happens
to be out of humor.
The Cubans have scored another vic
tory and have now established their au
thority over all parts of the island. Spain
seems to be continuing the war through
sheer obstinacy and holds on to Havana
simply because she hasn't sense enough
to know when to turn loose.
The Democratic minority in the House
of Representatives seems to be large
enough to split, and there is a good pros
pect that it will be done in the near
future. Boy Bailey doesn't seem to have
strength enough to hold the wild colts,
nor skill enough to guide them.
Ealinas has given a true and genuine
California welcome to the veterans of the
Grand Army and her people deserve the
thanks of the State for doing it. Every
patriot is gratified when a rightful honor
is worthily shown to the old soldiers who
freed the slaves and kept the Union
whole.
The announcement of an invention by
which 3000 words a minute can be trans
mitted over a single wire promise! some
thing like a revolution in telegraphy, and
what we will need next is something
which will enabie a man to read 3000
words a minute so that he can keep up
with the news.
The members of the Honse of Repre
sentatives are not to be altogether idle
during the remainder of the extra ses
sion. A committee of them is to engage
in an international ches3 contest with a
committee of the .British Parliament, and
next to attending to business this is per
haps tne best thing they can do, provided
they do it well enough to wax the
Britishers.
The promoters of the Valley Forge Park
have induced Pennsylvania to buy most
of the land on which Washington en
camped and are now trying to get the re
mainder purchased and added to the park.
The intention is to have each of the orig
inal thirteen States erect separate monu
ments to their troops who served during
the Revolution, and thus make the park a
National memorial hardly inferior to the
great field at Gettysburg.
The reception given to Embassador Hay
on his arrival in England has been cor
dial to the extent of effusiveness. The
Mayor of Southampton welcomed him by
quoting one of Hay's own poems, "Once
More Hail England," and every effort was
made to convince him that he is at home
and among his friends. The meaning of
all this is that the British have a clear
understanding of the importance of culti
vating the friendship of the United States,
and if they can induce our Embassador
to take a poetical view of the relations of
*** two countries tney will do iv
RECIPROCITY WITH FRANCE.
In an address at a banquet in New York given to him on his appointment as Em
baßsador to France General Horace Porter stated that one of the chief objects of his
concern in bis new office would be that of arranging for reciprocal trade relations be
tween France and America for the mutual benefit of both countries, and for the pur
pose of confirming the friendly relations between the United States and the great
republic of Europe.
The speech was an excellent one and the ambition expressed was worthy of the
Embassador of one great country to another. Nevertheless, like all other good inten
tions those expressed by General Porter may go astray and lead to injury unless they
are weil directed. A reciprocity treaty with France will have to be very carefully con
sidered, or else some of the important industries of this country may be exposed to a
ruinous competition with the cheaper labor of the French.
California has a particular interest in this subject, inasmuch as the section of
the Dingley bill which provides for reciprocity treaties with foreign countries author
izes the President to concede to countries with which such treaties are made freedom
of trade or very low rates of duty with respect to a number of specified articles, among
which are brandies, champagne and all other sparkling wines, still wines, mineral
waters, sugar and molasses.
These articles are of California production, and are also produced in large quan
tities in France. It will b9 seen that if reciprocity with that country should ba
arranged on terms which would permit the free entry of French wines, mineral
waters and sugar to the United States some of the most important industries of
California would be materially injured.
The aim and intent of reciprocity treaties is to provide for trade with foreign
countries in such a way as to promote American commerce without surrendering the
home market to an extent that would injure home industry. T<> effact this it will be
necessary that our Erabassadors abroad and the State Department at home should be
very careful of those industries which, while lo.'al in their nature, are nevertheless
important to the National welfare.
It would be well if we could have wines, sugars and mineral waters taken ont of
the list of articles which are 10 be made subjects of reciprocity treaties. Still no harm
will come from leaving them there provided due care is taken not to make concessions
on these articles to countries which produce them to any lar^e extent. We can all
sympathize with General Porter's desire to distinguish his f-ervice in France by
arranging a commercial treaty, but nevertheless we must be careful that he does not
endanger the interests of any section of the Union in doing so.
WILLIAM S. HOLMAN.
By the death 0! William Steele Holraan
tha country loses another of those states
men whose public services began before
the outbreak of our Civil War. It is a
fast-vanishing generation. There remain
in Congress but three men — Senator Mor
rill, Senator Harris and the venerable
Galusba Grow in the Home-wtio took
part in the struggles of politics at the
time when Holman began his career.
Secretary Sherman adds a fourth to the
list of such veterans now in office, and
these are all that survive in official life of
tlie men who directed our politic j in the
days when slavery was the dominant
issue before the conn try and economic
topics were regarded as matters of minor
moment.
Holman entered public life as soon as
ha attained manhood, having been elected
Probate Judge when but 21 years old.
After having served his State in various
capacities he was elected to Congres-s as a
Democrat In 1856. Since that time he has
been renominnted by the Democrats of
his district for each succeeding Congress.
Four times he was defeated, but after
each defeat was re-elected, and now closes
his lifa by dying in office.
The position in Congressional life held
by Mr. Holman was one in wi icn he had
no rival. He made it his duty to care
fuliy investigate every bill presented, and
paid particular attention to appropriation
bills. He watched every move made on J
the floor 01 the House, and whenever he
thought wrone was boingdone or undue
haste exercised he would promptly inter
pose the objection that would prevent j
the passage of the bill by unanimous con- ,
sent. It was from this haoit, not always
well cr discreetly exercised, he gained
his we.l-known title of "the great ob
jector," and also the repute of being the
"watchdoe of the treasury."
While Holman was not in any sense a
great statesman, nor even an inspiring
party leader, his firm and long-continued
hold upon the esteem of his constituents
proves him to have been no ordinary man.
No one not possessed of sterling qualities
of a high order could have held his posi
tion so long in such a political storm
center as Indiana, nor could a person of
common merit have so repeatedly recov
ered from defeat and achieved victories
after disaster. We have, therefore, lost
from our politics a strong as well as an
honest and notable man, and it will proD
ably be long before Indiana can fill his
place in Congress with an equally capabie
successor. ______________
EEPOETING PEOGEESS.
Our special correspondent at Washing
ton reported yesterday another step made
in progress toward the beginning of work
on the new Federal building la this City.
He announces that C. L. Spaldine, Assist
ant Secretary of the Treasury, has assured
Mr. Loud that he would immediately take
steps to prepare the specifications upon
which bids for the building are to be based,
and that bids would be advertised for as
soon as possible. He added that in hit
opinion within three weeks advertise
ments would be published for bids for the
work of grading and excavating.
It will be seen that progress toward the
attainment of the much-desired work on
the building is going steadily ahead and
that already much has been accomplished.
Mr. Loud, taking advantage of the fact
that the House of Representatives is not
actively engaged in public business, is de
voting a considerable portion of his time
pressing the work, and has been suffi
ciently successful to obtain a prompt, con
sideration of the subject on the part of the
treasury officials. He can be relied upon
to continue urging the subject at Wash
ington, and the outlook is therefore dis
tinctly encouraging.
The agitation started in tbis City by
The Call and so cordially and vigorously
supported by our various commercial and
industrial bodies has begun to bear good
fruit. The success attained shou'd ba re
garded, however, as an argument for con
tinued work here, and not as a reason for
abandoning it. "There is many a slip
'twixt the cup and the lip" in politics as
well as in other affairs of life, and it wilf
not do for us at this time, under a false
sense of security, to relax either our vigil
ance or our energies.
Congressman Loud should be cordially
supported from this City, and other mem
bers of th« California delegation in Con
gress should be urged to unite their efforts
with his in hastening the work. The con
struction of the Federal building should
be begun early this summer, and we mnst
not show any weakening in our demand
to that effect.
Reports from nearly naif tue counties
In Illinois, including almost all where
winter wheat it grown, are to the effect
that two-thirds of the wheat sown last
fall was winter killed or ruined by the
spring floods and the remaining third will
hardly yield wheat enough for seed, so that
the State will have to buy wheat for food.
It will be seen that everything consDires
to give the ball in the wheat market a
picnic this year.
General Porter's ambition to distinguish
his services as Embassador to France by
■arranging a reciprocity treaty with that
country is a good one, provided it is well
curbed and' not permitted to rim over the
Yiaey»rd» of California.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, APRIL 23, 1897.
PATEIOTIG SALINAS.
It has fallen this year to Salinas to thow
to the veterans of the Grand Army in
their annual encampment the continued
interest which the people take in all that
concerns that organization, and the loyal
love with which the younger generation
regard the veterans to whom we owe the
preservation of tlie Union and the pres
ent grandeur and prosperity of the Re
public. This duty the j eople of Salinas,
according to all reports, have well per
formed. They have made their city ra
diant with banners, and their homes have
been opened with cordial hospitality to
the veterans and to all their friends.
It is altogether right and fitting that
the annual gathering of the veterans of
the Grand Army should be made an occa
sion tor a public festival in tlie commu
nity where the encampment is held.
Such displays have an effect in the pat
riotic education of the young, and serve,
moreover, 10 afford opportunities to the
general public for giving renewed evidence
of tlieir appreciation of the services of the
soldiers of the Union. Tcese testimonials
of esteem cannot be rendered too often,
and it is always gratifying when they can
be shown not only to the memory of the
Grand Army as a mass, but to the individ
uals who compose it, eo that each of the old
veterans may feel some personal share in
the honor so loyally given.
Wherever in California these encamp
ments have been held, they have been
worthily prepared for and celebrated by
the people. Salinas is now showing
chrough her hospitality and through h*r
festal arrangements the sentiment which
all the (,'alif jrnians feel. She is giving
evidence that the old soldiers are more
than welcome in every part of California.
Their coming is hailed, not merely as that
of friendly visitors, but as an honor of
which a community may be justly proud.
In its way the Salinas celebration is not
less deserving of praise and credit than
that brilliant fiesta which now illumines
Los Aneeles, and the peop'e who have pre
pared tfai? huspitnb'e and patriotic recep
tion for the oil veterans deserve to reap
from it nolittie reward.
ARGUN J THE CORRIDORS.
Humboldt County, whose Caucasian inhabi
tants ten years ago expelled its Chinese popu
lation and have e.-er since prohibited the
settlement orevea landinijof «ny of the Mongo
lian ruce.will soon be visited by ona of the pro
scribed people, who will doubtlessly be received
with open arms. Tiiis will be a wealthy Chi
nese, at preseut registered at the Grand Hotel,
in the person of Lv Chu, president of the
Oahu Lumber Company at Honolulu. He has
come to purchase several cargoes of lumber,
principally redwood, with which to Hock his
island yarln, nnd with that object in view will
laave for Eureka to-morrow to co::tnict for th*
direct shipment of the redwood from Hum
boldt Bay, and, incidentally, to Inspect the
LU cur. President of the Oahn Lumber Company at Honolulu
forests and methods of mariufactnring lumber.
With the exception of retaining his queue iie
is thoroughly Caucasianlzed In manners and
dress, and this with his mission to Uumboldt
will no doubi m cure him a lavorabie recep
tion in that anti-Chinese community. By the
lumbermen of this Ciiy Mr. Cliv Is believed to
be the ouly one of his race engaged exten
aiveiy la that busiacss, aud in view of tbat
fact a movement is on loot among them to
have him Initiated into their fraternal order,
the "Uoo Hoos."
PERSONAL
William M. Noyes of Llvermore ts in town.
Dr. GraiiTllie MacGowan of Los Angeles is in
town.
J. W. Boyd, a merchant of Sacramento, is in
town.
T. B. Hubbard, a business man of San Jose, is
at the Russ.
W. H. H. Green, a leading resident of Seattle,
is at the Lick.
E- H. Barber, a business man of New Hope,
is a lato arrival here.
E. B. Ewing, a wealthy business man of St.
Louis, is at the Palace.
J. M. Pollard and Mrs. Pollard of St. Johns,
Mich., are at the Russ.
John W. Mitchell, the attorney, ol Los
Angeles, Is on a visit here.
J. 8. Waliace, a well-to-do business man of
Baker City, Or., is in the City.
E. A. Wadhams, a business man of Blame,
Wash., arrived here yesterday.
R. H. Brown, owner of a general store at
Petaluma. is registered at tho Russ.
E. V. Spencer, a leading ranch-owner of
Susanville, is among recent Arrivals.
A. L. Grow, a mining and business man of
Tombstone, Ariz., is at the Occidental.
A. N. Butu, a mining man of Angels, for
merly of Spokane, is spending a few days h,ere.
J. 11. Flickinger, the widely known fruit
grower and packer of San Jose, Is at the Palace.
11. 11. Pitcher, a banker and large land
owner of Livermore, is here on a brief business
trip.
A. C. Rosendale, a general merchant of Pa
cific Grove, is among those registered at the
lirand.
Mrs. Frank McLaughlin and Miss A«rnes Mc-
Laughlin have arrived from Santa Cruz and
are at the I'alace.
Superior Judge C. E. McLaughlin of Quincy,
Plumas County, is m the City, accompanied
by his wife. They are at the Russ.
Henry J. Miller, owner of an extensive gen
eral store at Quincy and interested in mines,
I is here, accompanied by Mrs. Miller.
W. 11. Goucher of Los Angeles, who is inter
ested in real estate and business there and
who years ago was a special agent of the
United States Treasury Department, it, among
the arrivals at the Palace.
Stewart Rapalje. who recently died In New
York, was at one time a member of the San
Francisco bar, though for several years he had
resided in the East. Mr. Kaptlje earned great
fame as a digester of law, his works beiug ac
cepted as the highest authority.
General E. D. Kenna of Chicago, general
solicitor of ihe Atchison, lopeka and Santa Fe
Railroad, is at the Palace, accompanied by his
family. He came here fn his special car, and
will see several places in the State before re
turning Eas:. Ills trip is said to be largely for
pleasure.
W. T. Tuhey, a well-to-do business man of
Santa Rosa, is at the Russ accompanied by his
bride, the daughter of Con Shay, the million
aire cattle-raiser whose ranches are in Oregon
and Idaho, but who resides with his family in
Santa Rosa. Mr. and Mrs. Tuhey were married
at noon Wednesday.
CALIFORMaNo IN NEW YORK
NEW YORK, N. V., April 22.— At the Plaza
—A. H. Snow; New Amsterdam— S. W. Cowles;
Murray Hill— Mrs. C. Ferquaha»sen, J. P. New
man, J. B. Underwood; Grand Union— ll. H.
Fuller, Mr. and Mrs. & P. Starr; Marlborough
— W. H.jMatthews; Astor— A. C. Taylor; Albert
—P. A. Ailen; St. Denis— Mr. and Mrs. G. W.
Fry; Morton— J. 11. Simpson. Mr. and Mrs.
Oscar Adolfo Ehrborn and child left the Plaza
and sailed on the Friedrich <Jer Grosse for
Bremen. Mr. and Mrs. Carl Dahlstrom. Mr. and
Mrs. a I. Hink and child. Theodore Kirchoff,
Cars ten Luchers, Mis.-. Anna Matzen, Mr. aud
Mrs. D. Puckhaber, Master George V. Stadrn
and Charles Worst also sailed tor Europe. Mr.
Haynes, James Innes. Ml*s Jeannette J. Wllcox
left the 81. Cloud and sailed on the New York
for Southampton.
MEN AND WOMEN.
The crown worn on state occasions by the
German Emperor weighs exactly three pounds.
The largest lawyer's fee ever paid was proba
bly one of £24,000 paid to Mr. Paterson. a bar
rister practicing in Calcutta, for tne defense
of an Indian contractor.
Colonel Elijah Sells, an old pioneer of Utah,
who died tbe other day at the ape of 83 years,
was a member of the Constitutional Conven
tion that framed a constitution for lowa flfty
seven years ago.
W. H. Darnell, a 15-year-old boy residing in
Hardiu, Marshall County, Ky., proudly writes
to a newspaper: "I am 15 years of age, and
weiKh 180 pounds, ana 1 am tf feet 6 Inches
high with my shoes off."
Lowell's birthday was observed in Berilo,
February 19, with memorial exercises under
the auspices of the American embassy, and
Professor George Churchill of Worcester pre
sided. A Longfellow memorial in Goettingen
several years ago is said to have been the only
similnr recognition of American genius in the
country of the Kaiser.
The Pope has received, through the Countess
i Maria Festetic*. maid of honor to the Empress
of Austria, a somewhat remarkable portrait of
the Emperor Francis Joseph. It is wrought in
silk and cotton and its production involved
an enormous cmount of labor and expense,
tbeefffctot light and shade being produced
by only two cl >rs. The factory from which it
comes v 'he famous one in WeruMult, In Bo
heratr. The portrait, which Leo XIII is hav
ing placed in his library, received a gold
medal al the Chicago World'! fair.
THE SUNDAY CALL.
Thk Call will present to its readers on Sunday a feast of more than usual excellence.
One of the features will be a sketch, by Joaquin Miller, of James Wnitcomb Ri.ey. Miller
says that the Hoosier Poet is great, and who should know better than the Bard of the Sierras,
who is himself greatr His report of a recent interview with Riley Is a breezy bit of writing.
A bright San Francisco laay writer, whose stories over the nom-de-plume of "Funegal
McVahon" havo already attracted attention, gives her adventures with a few of the thirty-four
fortune-tellers who have been licensed by the City and County to ply their vocation here. Her
adventures in their dens were very humorous.
Kverytody is interested in Constantinople, the" home of the man who has just precipitated
a devastating war, and some of its most interesting features, as well as its history, are treated
of in a bright article telling of its twenty-five centuries as a city. The possibility of the Greek
fleet penetrating to the Golden Horn makes it doubly interesting at the present time. It will
be illustrated.
Another writer tells a remarkable story of an anchor, now used as a hitching-post in his
toric old Monterey, that was once carried at the bows of the ship that brought Napoleon Bona
parte to France from his first exile on the island of Elba.
Adeline Knapp's field notes, that have grown so familiar to the lovers of nature, treat this
week of the troubles and trials of birds in their nest-building, and are more than usually read
able.
Pome new discoveries in the operation and application of the now famous X ray have been
made, and writers well posted on the subject will describe them.
The queer tales told by some old manuscripts, written in Shaglit, that were discovered in
Oudb recently, are treateJ of in a bright story that contains many pleasant touches of humor-
Besides these features there is the children's page, a lwayi welcome to the little ones; the
fashion page and many other matters to furnish amusement and instruction.
Read the California family Sunday paper.
THE PLANET MERCURY.
Since the recent discoveries as to the topography of Mercury, this elusive planet has not
been in such a favorable position for observation as it will occupy during the remainder of
this month. At dusk it may now be seen as a star of the first magnitude near the Pleiades in
the northwestern sky, and when at greatest £. elongation. 20 decrees 43 minutes from the sun
on April 28, it will be about a degree south of the group in a horizontal Hue. It sparkles with
a rather yellowish luster in contrast to the white light of Venus, which is considerably
larger, and was only half its distance when recently so conspicuous in the western heavens,
but Mercury shares general interest at present on account of the discovery at the Lowell
Observatory of strange markings on the surfaces of .both bodies.
Though nearer to the sun than any known planet, Mercury it not a good reflector of the
profuse effulgence it receives, and some of its tracts seem to be particularly aim, more so even
than the dark lunar plains. To Mr. Lowell and his 24-inch lens the scientific world is indebted
for a knowledge of the true form of these dark-tinted areas, and so.doubt, too. for the discovery
of many of them, as his map is more complete than any delineation of the surface betore
attempted.
These strange lines that streak the disk in various directions had long given impressions
to telescopic observers that there were markings some distance from the brighter limb of the
planet, but the intervening spaces were indistinguishable.
A rotation period of about twenty-four hours had been inferred, though never fully ac
cepted. In 1889 S.?hiaparelli announced that the rotation period corresponded with the time
ol revolution around the sun, or very nearly so, and this important discovery was soon con
firmed by others, and again recently by the distinct and accurate views obtained at the Lowell
Observatory. A similar correspondence between the axiai and orbital motions of Venus was
also announced and fully confirmed afterward, and more recently by Mr. Lowell and his staff.
As the same sides of these planets are thus always presented to the sun, their evening
phases present the same sections of surface to our view, with only such variations as come
MAP OF MERCURY, MADE BY PROFESSOR LOWELL.
from Increase and libration. Mercury, then, bolng now in crescent phase, Is revealing the
curious network of lines on the west side of the accompanying map from a drawius; by Mr.
Lowell.
The oval aspect is an allowable distortion by which is Included the extent of surface seen
by the libration, which, on account of its very eccentric orbit, is about five-eighths of the
whole. The angular outlines are so unlike the lunar tracts, the belts of Jupiter, or the con
tinents and canals of Mars, that there is much vague conjecture as to the real nature of the
little panel's topography. Analogy suggests rivers and mountains, but the vastness of the
scalp annuls all resemblance to such terrestrial features. Neither the Amazon nor the Andes
ooold be possibly discerned on the earth's surface at a distance of from seventy to one
i:un«lred millions of miles.
The horizontal hor?eshoe, as Mr. Lowell calls the northern, eastern and southern border
markincs, was found to be singularly effective in demonstrating the extent of the llbration,
the curve being sometimes a considerable distance from the terminator. As his Mercunan
nomenclature, which is chiefly classic, will probably survive, a few terms maybe used for
The curve marked 29 in the map is named Argl Rejrio and is particularly conspicuous.
The broken boraer lines, 16 and 4. are named respectively Lyrae Regio and Mercatorum Regio,
while the continuous line, 18 and 5, Is formed of Testudinis Regio and Petasl Regio. The
latter line, land, water, or phantom, whichever It may be, is destined to endure, as in fifty
drawings made independently by several observers at the Lowell Observatory.it holds its
place without important deviation.
Even in some of the older maps It is easily seen that it formed a vague but real basis for
tho unreal tracts from which false lotation periods were derivea. That the axis of rotation is
perpendicular to the plane of revolution as announced by Schlaparelli is further confirmed
by the observations at Flagstaff. The atmosphere in which the planet has been enshrouded by
many observers seems to have vanished in the clear air of Arizona. When Mercury crossed the
sun's disk ia 1894, the moßt propitious time for the detection of an atmospheric envelope, it
wf.s looked for in vain, and the constant distinctness of the dark streaks is also advanced'as
evidence against its existence.
That the pliinet is moonliite in other respect!, too. mountainous, rugged, crater-sprinkled
and arid is further supsestcd, but a mountainous surface has before been conjectured as a
cause for its dull reflecting power. The crater leatures are a new idea that has little founda
tion as yet. It is no longer possible, however, to class the extraordinary streaks a hundred
miles in width and many hundreds in length as mare imaginary objects as they have been seen
distinctly on several occasions by Mr. Lowell and his experienced staff. Not, do they exist?
but what are they? is the question to be solved by the telescopes ol the future.
ROSE O'HALLORAN.
FRATERNAL DEPARTMENT.
California Council of the National
Union Receives a VUit From the
San Francisco Cabinet.
Last Wednesday night Stanford Hall, in the
Alzacar building, was crowded to its limits by
members of California Council No. 530 and
visitors assemble'! !rnm other councils, who
were there to witness initiations in tbe most
amplified form and to be present when the
members of the San Fraucisco Cabinet should
enter, it having been announced that it would
during the evening "drop in, fraternally."
President Hastings and the officers were in
their respective Btntions on time, and when
the routine work had been disposed of the ex
pected visitors entered in a body and were
most cordially welcomed. During the even
ing there were four initiations, which were
the most complete that have ever been given
by a council, »nd so thoroughly was the worn
appreciated that a visitor, member of another
council nnd well versed in fraternal matters,
said: "It is a pity that more members of
other councils do not come to California Coun
cil. If thoy did they would learn something
of the work which would be of great service
lo them."
Under the head of good of the order there
were short instructive addresses by President
Fields of the cabinet; C. F. Smurr, general
freight agent of the Southern Pacific; Dr. A.
H. Millberry, vice-president of the cabinet;
Jud^eGeorKe H. liahrs, Edward Dillon Jr.,
Deputy J. N. Bunting, W. A. & Nicholson, L.
Vincent and others. Between speeches there
were songs by C. L. Gage, C. H. Van Onion and
W. E. l.utz. Max Selinman gave the members
an opportunity to discover the kind of a
whistler he is and Mr. Carter entertained with
specialties. The council's William Goat was
trotted out and after Rome violent exercise
showed signs of weakening. The council's
physician declared that it was suffering from
buck fever, and on his adrice it was sent to
the hospital.
£1 Dorado Council met last Friday night
with ex-President T. F. Butler In the chair.
Judge George H. Bahrs was elected a delegate
to the cabinet. During the evening the coun
cil was addressed Dy President Frank U. Hast
ings of California Council, T. F. Butler and B.
H. Schunhoff.
Yosemite Council at its last held meeting
initiated one candidate.
Our KatiTe Daughters.
The new parlor of the Daughters ol the Gold
en West recently organized at Kortuna, Hum
boldt County, was named Reicbling Parlor
for Miss Ltly O. Reichllng of Jacjcson, Amador
County, tbe founder of the order.
Tbe parlor recently organized at Shasta by
Grand Trustee Maud Auderson was the result
of the interest taken in the affairs of the order
by the Native Sons of that place.
Tuolumne County has the "baby parlor"
and it seems desirous of holding that distinc
tion, for arrangements are being made for the
organisation ol a new parlor at fcouora by
• District Deputy Grand President Mrs. E. J.
Wells of that place.
Miss Lilly 0. Relchling, the founder of the
order, who is at present at Denver, Colo., ex
pects to return to California in time to attend
the session of the Grand Parlor.
Fremont Parlor gave a very pleasant "at
home" last Monday in the residence of Mrs.
Barton, on Clay street. There were a number
of visitors present, Including Grand Vice
president Mrs. Belle W. Conrad and Grand
Secretary Mrs. Georgia C. Ryan.
Grand President Mrs. Mary E. Tillman will
visit El Pesesdero Parlor at'Tmcy to-morrow
and will visit Forest Parlor at Plymouth
May 7.
The membership of the order is proud of
the fact that the coming grand president,
Mrs. Belle W. Conrad of Sonora, has been
elected to the highest office in the Grand
Lodge of the Knights and Ladies of Honor, and
of the further fact that she is the first lady in
California who has been elected to that high
office, namely, the office of grand protector
Her election to that office is a recognition of
her great ability and widespread popularity
and influence. ■. ' . '
Ancient Order United Workmen.
On Thursday evening, April 15, Fremont
Lodge No. 29Z held a public meeting; and en
tertainment at Milton Hall, Thirty-eighth
street and San Pablo avenue, Oakland, which
was largely attended, and a fine musical and
literary programme was presented. An ad
dress was delivered Dy the grand recorder
On Friday evening, the lb'ih inst., the grand
receiver and grand recorder visited Mount
Diablo Lodge No. 91, at Walnut Creek, when
the eighteenth anniversary of the lodge was
appropriately celebrated. ™ "
T-Sit S Ur< ?/& evening,' April 24, Crockett
Lodge No. 286. located at Crockett, Conira
Cosia Coimty, will give • public entertain
ment, and will be visited by the grand master
workman and grand recorder master
Deputy Grand Master Workman F. 8 Poland
Chins* L °* g6 NO 3IO "GonxatasoS the
Samuel Booth, grand receiver, and the
fnJ^KJP^v "Ml 6 ' w , orkn »a instituted Wil
lows Lodge No. 115 at Willows, Glenn County,
f° Friday, April 9 ; The institution of this
Featherston, for many years a resident George
? « now residing at Willows 'esidont of San
J A e§ n £ w "siding at Willows.
Arm t«m » C «?* ? , nin K next the Pacific
nf Hnnn wl L 1 Vißit Ivy Lodge No. D^rce
given * stereopucon views will be
1 1}" P v aclfl , c drlll team Tilted Hay wards
Lodge No. 18 on Tuesday evening last, when
candHU teal* were conferred on a class of ten
candidates.
<w°?» M . ond *y erenlng Oak Leaf Lodge No. 35
oi Oakland paid . a fraternal visit 10 Temple
Lodge No. 11 * North Temescal. An address
*■• delivered by the grand recorder.
On Tuesday evening last Keystone Lodge
No. 64 of Oakland had an open meeting and
moker, on which occasion an enjoyable
evening was spent. An address was delivered
by the grand lecorder.
Central Lodge No. 251 of Oakland will give
a Jlierary entertainment on Monday evening,
Apr.l 26. at Montana HalL
, . v ""7 Lodge No. 27 has recently submitted
l'S nJ'-ilv.'S, . ' ,
Yiaailft Lodge No. 79 tiaa » boom on, •nd sp- _
what isj:he grip?
This Mysterious and Terrible DlieiM
Carefully Analyzed and Described.
What to Do When It Cornel.
Nearly every pbysician, every scientist
and every sufferer has been asking thia
great question: What is the Grip? What-
ever it may be it is certain that it is somt-
thinß within the body wnich is righting
with the body to undermine the life.
What would common-sense dictate in
snch an emergency? Counteract the en-
emy. Drive it from the system. Do not
trifle with it. Act promptly and wisely at
the first approach, which you can readily
detect. Take something which can coun-
teract their deadly influence. Spirits of
some kind are the best thing to take, and
whisky is preferable to any other kind of
spirit; but it should be borne very care-
fully in mind that only pure whisky will
have the effect, and It should also be re-
membered that Duffy's pure malt whisky
stands at the head of ail preparations, and
is the only medicinal whisky upon the
market. Scientists have asserted thi?, the
doctors have verified it and millions of
people have proved it beyou<i a aoubt.
There are many unscrupulous dealers who
will assure you that any whisky will
answer the purpose, but they are wrong
and are trying to deceive you. In case of
Grip yon cannot afford to take any chances,
therefore take thai which i*. beyond ques-
tion, pure, medicinal and the only valu-
able whisky upon he market.
plications are being submitted from that
lodge to the grand medical examiner daily.
A Sni|i--ii:ij> Social.
The matron and the rast matron! of Har
mony Chapter No. 12-4 ol the Order of the
Eastern Star announce that they will give a
complimentary party to their friends on the
evening of the 14th prox. No admission fee
will be charged to this event that the com
mittee of arrangements has christened a
"pnip-snap" social. A Bplendid eveuinjj's en
tertainment is promised, but when a.'ked what
it is to be the answer Riven i«, "Yon had better
come tip and ree. You will ffud it la Laurel
Hall, Siiiels building."
Inter No* Circle.
Inter Nos Circle No. 215 of the Compnnlons
of the Forest, Foresters of America, has two of
its members who are very sick and as they are
in need the circle has decided to get up a bene
fit entertainment for them to be given in So
cial Hall in the Alcazar building on Saturday
evening, May 1. The members are interesting
themselves in this matter to the end that
there shall be a large attendance to as to raise
a fund to gladden the hearts of the sick ones.
For the Grand Circle.
On Wednesday night there was given a so
cial in the Social Hall of tne Alcazar under the
auspices of the several circles of: the Com
panions of the Forest, F. O. A., the object be
ing to create a fund for the entertainment of
the delegates to the Grand Circle. There was
a good attendance, which was highly gratified
with the entertainment given by the com
miuee consisting of T. F. Blake of" Inter Nos
Circle (chairman), Mrs. M. Connell, Ira Cu
burn, Mr. Johansen and Max Ucht.
The lOka.
On Friday evening, the 30th inst., San Fran
cisco Lodge No. 8 of the Benevolent Protective
Order of Elks will be installed in its new
lodgeroom at the southeast corner of .Sinter
street and Grant avenue. The quarters have
been fitted a« no other in San Francisco has
been, nearly $3000 having been expending in
the fitting up of them. On the opening night
there will be an entertainment and banquet.
Cal. glace fruit 50c per lb., at Towuend'l *
Fpectal Information daily to manufacturer*.
business houses and public men by the Preji
Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Montgomery. •
Christian Kndeavorers Coming.
Artistic paper-hanging, painting and Interior
decorations. Good paper in stock 4 cents In
grains 9c rolL Mertoan, 1302 Webster Bt. •
John P.Cuddy.a farmer of Baltimore County,
Md., died on March 10, in his eighty-first year.
Mr. Cuddy made the first trip on Peter Coop
er's locomotive over the Baltimore and Ohio
on August 28, 1830. He was also present
when Professor Morse sent the first telegraphic
message over the Baltimore and Ohio wires
between Baltimore nnd Washington.
Faster Time on the Santa Fe Route.
Three and One-half JD >ys to
Chicago or St. L.onls— Four
and One-half Days to
■ New York.
Leaving Pan Francisco Mondays and Thnrsdays,
at 6 p. it., connection is made at Barstow with the
famous Santa Fe limited train. Dining-car, buffet
smoking-car, vestibuled Pullman, palace drawing
room, sleepers. The handsomest train on earth
equipment and appointments faultless. Pail/
through sleeping-cars, boh palace and tourist,
Oakland pier to Chicago. Tickets also so:d via
Ogden. Portland, Alojave, Los Angeles, Deming or
El Paso, to all points in the United States, Canada,
Mexico or Eurooe. Ticket office 644 Market
street, Chronicle Building. Telephone Main 163 L
Railroad Tickets to the East Tla Rio
Grande Western and Denver and
Rio Grande Railway*,
At lowest possible rates, with through Pnllman
bnffet and tourist sleeping car service every dar.
Personally conducted excursions leaving Tuesdar,
Wednesday and Thursday. Only Hue permittlot
stop-over at Salt Lake City on all classes of ticlcst*
Detailed information and tickets furnished *i Ik
Montgomery street, or 314 California sire*:.
"Mn. Windows Soothing Symw"
Has b*«n used over fifty years by millions ot
mothers for ibeir children whii* Teething with pe*>
feet success. It toot hes the child, softens gums.
allays Pain, enres Wind Colic, regulates ib« Bowels
and is the best remedy for Diarrhoeas, whether ana
log from tee. h ing or other causes, ior sale by drug
gists in every pan of the world. Be sure and ask
tat Mrs. Wlnalow's Soothing Syrup. 25c a botUe*
• — » »
CoßONAno.— Atmosphere is perfectly dry. soft
and mild, being entirely free from toe mists com
mon farther north. Round- trip tickets, by steam
ship, Including fifteen days' board at the Hotel del
Coronado, 960; longer stay $2 60 per day. Apply
4 New Montgomery street, Ban Francisco.
• — •> — ■
An effective cure for corns that gives comfort
to the feet is Hindkrcorns. 15 cents.
I'iRKKB'B Hair Balsam Is life to tbe halt. .
> • — ♦ — -»■
An everybody is liable to derangements of the
stomach and bowels, the need of Avers Pills Is
universal. They are the best cathartic.
• ■» — »
Fob lots In beautiful Belvedere inquire of Robert
E. McOUl, agent. 405 California street.
. . — • — , « — •
The will of John Biddulph Martin, the
banker who married Mrs. Victoria Woodhull
ana lived in splendid style at Hyde Park Gate,
has not been presented for probate, but he
undoubtedly left the bulk of his great fortune
to his widow. She still edits a magazine of
very broad tendencies.
HEW to-day:
After all it is Nature that
makes the cures. Only now
and then she gets into a tight
place and needs the helping
hand of science. When the
right thing is needed to check
diseased action and start the
organs and tissues on the way
to health, Scott's Emulsion
comes as the helpmeet of
Nature. It feeds, nourishes,
strengthens; and it does this
all round — the Hypophos-
phites act upon the nerves ; '
the ; Cod-liver . Oil feeds the
hnHv For sole by all druggists,J-JMDAY AI'KIL 23. 1897
AMUSEMENTS.
Baldwin Thkateb — Primrose end West's
Minstrels.
Coi.tmbia Theater — "Mary Pennington,
Spinster.'
Morosco's Opkra-Hocsk -"The Brand of Cain."
Ai-cazar Theater.- "The Overland Route.*
Tivoia Opera HorsK — -Lily of KUlaruey."
Orphedm —High-Class Vaudeville.
California Thkatkk— "The i-alry Bride,"
California Thkatkr.— Piano Recital. Saturday
evening.
Mtro Baths.— Bathing and Performances.
The Chutes and skating Rink— Dally at
H&lght street, one block east <>< the Park.
hanich I'avii. ion— Spanish carnival Mas-
querade, Saturday evening April 24.
I'acij-ic Coast Jockky Club.— Kaces to-day,
PICNICS AND EXCURSIONS.
Pan Lorenzo Grove —Picnic given by Oakland
Hebekah Lodges, 1. O. O. 1 .. a onday, April '26.
Bl Cam i-o— Music, Dancing, Boating, Fishing,
every Sunday.
============
AUCTION tALhS.
By Chas. I.kvt <fc Co— day. April 23,
Furniture, at 113S Market street, at 10 o clock.
By I.vmana Auction Co.— This Car. April 23,
Furniture, at 1133 Market si., ».. 1 o'clock.
By >trikt i Cbksswkll- This da>, April 23,
Saloon, at cor. Valencia and Twenty-sixth sueets,
at 1 1 o'clock.
By p. PAecH— day. April 23, Groceries,
at 129 Second street, at 10:30 o'clock.
J ■> .1. C. Muthbb- This day, April 23, Groceries,
at w. cor. i olsom and Seventh sts.. at 11 o'clock.
J > >*A>K V I VTI i kkiki.d— <IRV. April
23. Furniture, at 1513 Taylor At., at 3 o'clock.
CITY NEWS IN BRIEF.
Nellie Bassett has been granted a divorce
from Charles W. B&asctt lor desertion.
Richmond resiaents are opposed to reducing
tne speed of tee cars on the Sutro line.
N. A. Hancock has sued North California Di
vision League of American Wheelmen.
Charlotte Keane has 6uea Edward B. Keane
lor $50 a mouth as permanent alimony.
Charley Fair left this City on Wednesday
last, it is said, for a journey to Carlsbad.
Fair and warmer Friday, with fresh winds i
lrom the north, is to-day's weather prediction. j
Denis O'Sullivan sang at the sixth concert
. of the San Francisco Symphony Society yester
day.
Trie Grand Comniandery of the Knights
Templar elected officers yesterday for the en
suing year.
The '97 committee of the Christian F.ndeavor
have made several new appointments on vari
ous committees.
The Society of California Pioneers closed its
season of entertainment with a pleasant re
ception last evening.
Fred Cost, Frank Mighell and Ethel May
have been awarded the first three prizes in
the carnival word contest.
The Cheat, Tat Murphy, Vinctor, Charle
l;.ugn>-, Addie Buchanan and Loulou X won
purses ac Ingleside yesterday.
C. P. Robinson, charged with embezzlement,
is on trial tefore Judge Webb, sitting in De
partment 12 of the Superior Court.
Judge W. W. Morrow lectured on the "Fed
eral Government" to a lar^e audience at the
Y. M. C. A. Auditorium last evening.
The police are looking for the burglars who
broke into Rulfs & Co.'s grocery-store on Van
Ness avenue last Wednesday morning.
The military tournament closed yesterday
In the presence of the largest number of peo
ple since the beginning of the contests.
The Pure-food Congress will be held in Pio
neer Hall on Fourth street, instead of in the
Chamber of Commerce, as at first expected.
The Acme Club of Oakland has joined the
Olympic Club lor the purpose of tunning a
Pacific Coast Amateur Ain.etie Association.
The Chamber of Commerce is laying plans
for securing for San Francisco dealers a large
slice of tne west coast of South America trade.
Trinity Episcopal Church is soon to have a
new organ, constructed on electro-pneumatic
principles, and costing many thousand dollars.
In the suit of Corbaley against the Califor
nia Electric Works a jury last evening ren
dered a verdict in lavor of the plaintiff for
$6000
Frank Tiernan, the till-tapper, convicted
Wednesday by acting Police Judge Kerrigan,
■whs yesterday sentenced to six months in tha
County Jail.
Mrs. Sarah J. Hutchinson has written the
Board of Health offering to care for the lepers
at mo I'esthouse, and try to make their lives
more bearable.
A proposition is on foot to construct a cross-
Ing oi the railroad tit Roanoke and Miitou
Streets to give an outlet from Cheuery street to
the Mission road.
A resolution of intention has been passed by
the Street Committee of the Board of Super
visors to improve a large section in the Presidio
Heights district.
Art spring exhibition of Hopkins Art Insti
tute was opened last evening by a reception
tendered lo the teachers and patrons. Tne
exhibit will be opened today to the general
public. •
At the meeting of the Fire Commissioners
yesterday a letter was read from J. H. Kulffs
expressing his gratitude to District Engineer
14. J. Dolan for rescuing him from a burning
■ table.
S. M. Sbonrldjre yesterday moved to dismiss
the charge of libel now pending against Editor
Marriott of the .News Letter. Judge Dalnger
field will render his decision next Monday
morning.
John Edwards, a burglar, was caught in the
rooming-house 404 O'Farrt 11 street last night
aud taken to the City Prison, where he was
booked, and several stolen articles were found
upon him.
Robert Loring, tinsmith, 5 Gordan street,
was arrested last night, ana is being held
pending an investigation into the death of his
■wife Sunday morning- under suspicious cir
cumstances.
Richard Morse, r.n Oakland youth, was
brought back from Lcs Angeles yesterday by
the United States Marshal on a charge of
having forged an indorsement on a postal
order for $25.
The National Athletic Club will eive a dox
ing entertainment this evening in Woodward's
Pavilion. There will be a heavy-weight con
test and a contest for the bantam-weight
Championship.
When the work of repaying Geary street
irom Kearny to Powell begins the Merchants'
Association will have a special inspector pres
ent to see that only good material is used and
good work performed.
Edward Wardwell, a pensioner, shot himself
under the heart with a revolver, slashed his
l> ft wrist with a razor and afterward cut bis
throat. Despondency because of illness was
the motive ot the suicide.
Gertrude Auld-Tbomas will give a song re
cital at Golden Gate Hall this evening. She
■will be assisted by B. Savannah, vocalist, and
Robert E. Newell, pianist. An excellent pro
gramme has bee.: prepared.
In a lawsuit yesterday it was inadvertently
stated that the California Hotel haa been at
tached for $3000. The lawsuit referred to an
article telling of such an attachment on the
Colonial Hotel ana should have read Colonial
instead of California.
A novel entertainment will be given this
evening by juvenile talent of Epworta M. E.
Church in tne church parlors, un the corner
of Twenty-sixth and Church streets. An ex
cellent programme of vocal and Instrumental
music, recitations, tableaux and other num
bers will be given.
KEW TO-DAT.
In all the world there is no other treatment
Bo pure, bo sweet, so safe, bo speedy, for pre-
Bervinp, purifying, and beautifying the skin,
scalp and hair, and eradicating every hu-
mor 'as warm baths with Cdticura Soap,
and gentle anointings with Cuxicuiu. (oint-
ment), the great skin cure.
It told throurhout the world. Pottib
Dkpo k Cum. Coup., Sole Prop"., Botton.
W " All About the Skin. 6c«i;>, and H»ir,' free.
X* 1 Lli 1 JH L iliUil cured b/ Grasps*
CHARGE OF LIBEL
MAY BE DISMISSED
Samuel M. Shortridge De
fends Editor Frederick
Marriott.
Defective P.eadings and Slender
Shew ot Proof in the
Case.
Decisions of High Courts Indicate
That Candidates for O.fice May
Be Freely Criticiz?d.
Judge Dainßerfield listened to argument
yesterday by S. If. Shortridge in the case
of Editor Fred Marriott of the News Let
ter, accused of publishing a libel on Judge
Hebbard during tee last political cam
paign.
Last Wednesday the attorneys for the
prosecution introduced only one witness
to prove the charge egainst ilr. Marriott.
The only witness offered was W. 8.
Dreypolcher, who swore that he read tiie
article complained of; that he supposed
Mr. Marriott was the owner of the News
Letter, btcause two years ago he spoke ol
it as "ruy paper"; that Judge Hebbard
was at that time a candidate lor le-elec
tion, and that all this occurred in the City
and County of San Francisco.
On this showing Attorney Julius Kahn
I rested the case for the prosecution, the
| District Attorney and half a dozen depu
| ties acquiescing, not choosing to call any
other witnesses to show that any damage
had been done to Judge Hebbard or that
any libel had in fact been published.
In presenting his motion for a dismissal
of the charge against his client, Mr.
ridge said that he would rely on the as
sumption that if the law exists as he be
lieves it to cxi st, the court would iiud it
to be not only its sa( red duty, but a sacred
privilege of tne defendant to stop the trial
at t':is point and instruct the jury that no
case had been made out by the prosecution.
In that event the accused must go
hence freed from any imputation of
wrongdoing. The motion to dismiss
would be based on these points:
Firsr — The evidence does not prove that the
deiendant was the author ot the article com
plained of, or the editor or proprietor of the
News, Letter on October 31, IH9O.
Second — The evidence ijoes not prove the
publication of the alleged libel on October 31,
lS'.tU.
1 uird— The evidence does not prove a public
offense, a misdemeanor, to wit, ;ibel, has been
committed ty the defendant.
Fourth— Tne evidence uo.s not prove that
the d>-fendiiit published the alleged libel on
the 31si oi October, IS9(>, or at any otner time.
Filth— -Ths evidence does not prove that the
deiendant has published anything which has
exposed J. C. B. Hebbard to nd.cule, contempt
and hatred. The Criminal Code requires tne
use of the word "or" instead of '-aiid." Mis
use of tuifc word has universally been held to
vitiate a charge of this kind.
s nil — The evidence uoes not show that the
delendant published uny thing that impeached
tne honor, virtue and 'reputation of J. c. B.
Hebbard. the conjunctive being again used
instead of the disjunctive, as required by the
plain letter of ihe l.iiv.
Seventh — The evidence shows that the lan
guage alleged to be a criminal libel is am
biguous — so ambiguous mat it is susrepiible
ot diffeieiit constructions, some of such con
structions being of a meamtig so innocent
that they would not injure the reputation of
any person
Eighth— That the evidence does not over
come the presumption of iuuoceuce wnich the
law throws around the Ueicntiant.
Muta — The evidence does not show or prove
that J. C. B. Hebbard has been injured eitber
in his private capacity as a citizen or in his
officia. capacity us a magistrate.
Tenth — The evidence does not show or prove
that the article complained oi is a libel.
Tne attention of the court was, oy Mr.
Shortridge, drawn to the fact that no
proof of ownership had been adduced ; that
there was nothing to show that Judge
Hebbard had been injured ; that where an
article is ambiguous, susceptible of two
interpretations, then the inuocent inter
pretation must be accepted, because the
.aw raises up a presumption of innocence.
All these and other technical points were
ur<ed, but Mr. Suortridtce bestowed on
those matters but a brief notice, passing
on to a full consideraiion of the broad
questions of public toiicy, which he said
were presented in this attack on the free
dom of the press.
He rejoiced tbat he was in a conrt of
law and justice, where subjects are to be
weighed careiully and where the idle
gossip of political campaigns is not to be
accepted as proof of crime. He submitted
that all the paid proof offered by the
prosecution in the attempt to fasten on Mr.
Marriott the cliarge of libel was utterly
insufficient. He argued that the proof of
ownership of the News Letter would not
have e«tablished the title to a load of
hay. It has been universally held that
proof to sustain a criminal charge must be
much Clearer than would be required in a
civil actiou.
Touching the question of public policy
in sustaining the Jrtedom of the press,
Mr. bhortriu?e read from many authori
ties to show that when a man becomes a
candidate for office he challenges the
criticism of the entre community, and
that be mv« t endure whatever is said in
good faith by his fellow-citizens; that in
fact any expression of opinion in this re
gard, written or spoken, is a privileged
communication.
One of the cases referred to is entitled
Bripgs vs. Garrelt, and is reported in No.
11l Pennsylvania State Reports, page 404.
whica shows circumstances somewhat
similar to those in the present case. The
syllabus contains the following:
If a respectable citizen honestly believes and
states that n candidate for a public office is
guilty of official misconduct or is a person of
ill repute in the sense that it affects his fitness
ior the office which be seeks, such a statement
is privilege i and may be repeated by another
in a meeiing assembled to inquire into tne
merits of the candidates, though it is abso
lutely false and upon inquiiy its falsity
inighc have been ascertained, without bein
liable in an action for libel; for the voter has
the right to canvass and discuss the qualifica
tions of the candidates who seek his suffrage
openly and lrcelv.
The syllabus further set fortn tbat w her.
a communication is made in good faith
the law does not imply malice, and that
actual malice must be proved.
In the case referred to Judge Brlpgs was
a candidate for re-election to the bench,
and Air. Garrett read a letter saying that
"the Hart Creek sewer steal of $200,000
was only made possible by Judge Bribes'
cuarge to the jury." In deciding the
matter at issue the Supreme Court of
Pennsylvania said :
When Judge Briggs accepted the nomination
as a candidate for re-election to the judicial
position which he then filled, he threw out a
chaJenge to the entire body of voters of the
county of Philadelphia to canvass hi* qualifi
cations nnd fltneps for that position. Tbat in
volved in the "fierce light tnat beau upon the
throne," not only his oOlcinl conduct for the
term just closing:, but generally his fitness for
the posnion of Judge. In this may be Included
mauy things beyond mere legal knowledge. A
man may be a learned lawyer and yet be
wholly unfit for judicial fetation. There may
be faults of temper, mental idiosyncrasies and
such manner of walk and conversation in
private life as a people jealous of inn reputa
tion of their judiciary would never tolerate.
In conclnsion the same court made this
declaration :
ln the enforcement ot all general rules there
will always be cases of individual hardship.
But this Is the sacrifice which the individual
must make lor the public good.
Mr. Sbortridge Bald he admitted that in
the present case some hardship might fall
on Judjte Hebbard in being deprived or
bit revenge, but that was no reason why
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, APRIL 23, 1897.
the rules of law and public policy should I
be reversed.
Among many authorities quoted he
cited the case of the Express Printing
Company vs. John H. <~opcland, in which
the Supreme Court of Texas said :
When a person becomes a candidate for a
public office, conferred by a popular election,
tie stiou.u be considered »s putting his coar
acter in issue, so lar us respects his qualifica
'lons for the office. Whatever pertaiua to the
qualifications ot the candidate for the office
sought is a legitimate subject for discussion
and' comment, provided ail statements are
confined to the truth or what in good faith
mm upon probable cause is believed to be true.
The press is entitled to the same privileges
and subject to the same limitations in dis>
cussing tne qualifications oi candidates as are
private individuals. • • * In our lorm of
government the supreme power is In the peo
ple; they create offices and select the officers.
Then, in the exercise of the high aud impor
tant power oi selecting their agents to admin
ister for them the nffairs of government, are
the people to be denied the right of discussion
and comment respecting the qualifications of
those who, by contenting to become candi
dates, challenge the Kupport of the people on
the ground ot their peculiar iitne&s for the
office sought?
Dozens of decisions of like import, in
cluding opinions of the California Su
preme Court, were cited and some of them
read to establish the soundness of his
position that the charga of libel had no
legal standing in court and ought to be
dismissed.
Mr. Sbortridge throughout defended the
constitutional right of the citizen freely
to express his sentiments concerning can
didates for public office. To deny or de
stroy this right would destroy free govern
ment. Majorities are not always right;
minorities— the singls citizen, however
poor — may be right. Power does not make
right. In a free country there must be
liberty of speech and of the press, ana
men must Dot be denied the liberty of
espousing or opposing candidates lor pub
lic office; otherwise s;lf-governmeut is at
an end.
Mr. Kahn said he would make his reply
in a few words. He did not think the sub
ject under discussion had been touched by
Mr. Shortridge's citations and would not
consider them. He regarded the article
published by Mr. Marriott to be libelous
per Be, and on that point be relied for a
ruling in favor of the prosecution.
Mr. Shortndue responded by saying that
Mr. Kahn was fortunate in being able to
grasp and digest the deep meaning of the
fundamental principles treated of by the
learned Judges, whose words he hod read
and who had devoted months to the study
of questions that Mr. Kahn dismissed
witnout an instant's consideration. In a
few sentences Mr. Shortridge summed up
the reasons for asking for a dismissal of
the charge, and announced that he was
willing to take the ruling of the court.
Judge Daingerrield manifested an un
willingness to decide the matter oft
hand, preferring to take several days to
consider the questions presanted in Mr.
Shortridge's argument. He therefore
ordered the casts to be coutinued until
next Monday mornine, at 10 o'clock,
when he expects to render a decision on
the motion to dismiss the charge.
W. MORROW'S LECTURE.
A Learned Disquisition on
Federal, State and Munici
pal Government.
Y. M. C. A Auditorium Crowded With
Eiger Listeners— Ster?opticon
Vi£W3 by J W. Erwin-
A learned and instructive lecture on the
"Federal Government" was delivered to a
large and appreciative aadience at the
Y. M. C. A. Auditorium, corner of Mason
and Ellis streets, la-t evening, by the Hon.
\Y. W. Morrow, Judge, of tne United
States District Court. The lecture was de
livered under the auspices of the young
men's improvement committee.
Attorney J. A. Percy actea as chairman
and introduced the speaker with a few
fehcitcus remarks on the objects aimed at
by the association, and Judge Morrow's
kindness in sparing time from his busy
life for the benefit of the youth of the City.
Prior to the lecture the speatter was es
corted from the parlors of the uuilding to
the hall by the committee, forty strong.
The lecturer b gaii with a discourse on
the Federal Government and a comparison
with otner republics. He exemplified tne
early republics of Greece and Home end
spoke of the fact that Greece, one of the
smallest of the republican forms of gov
ernment in ancient days, is at this time
the ouly power having courage enough to
fight for the downtrodden Cretans.
From the Federal the Judge went to
State and finally to municipal forms of
government, and explained the relation
to each other and to the whole. He pointed
out that it was one of the most prodigious
facts in existence that so many people are
linked together in to vast a territory to
form the greatest and niosi harmonious
government on earth.
At the conclusion of the lecture proper
some beautiful stereopticon views of the
Capitol at Washington, statuary of cele
brated statesmen and Government
building?, as well as foreign legation.-,
were projected upon a screen by J. W. Er
win of the Postofnce Department and
each explained in detail by the lecturer.
In conclusion the audience sang "Amer
ica," music being furnished particularly
oy the Herman Brandt amateur orchestra.
WANT RAPID TRANSIT.
Richmond Residents Opp>se a Petition
to Keduce the Speed of Streetcars.
The Richmond district people arc op
posed to the petition of the Point Lobos
Improvement Club, now before the Super
visors, that the Sutro Railroad Company
be compelled to run its cars at a lower
rate 01 speed. The petition came up be
fore the Street Committee yesterday, and
Attorney James P. Smith declared that,
the statement made that tbe rate of
speed was responsible for the recent acci
dent was false and an injustice to the
company. He said that a number of wit
nesses would testify that there was an ob
struction on the track.
Tbe Point Lobos Club was not repre
sented to press its petition, but several
Richmond residents appeared and stated
that tbe speed of the curs was not too
great. The petition was placed on file.
Commencing Monday, April 26, the San
Francisco and North Pacific Railway will
inaugurate a double daily service between
San Francisco and Ukiah.
At the present time the 7:30 a. m. runs
through to Ukiao and ihe 3:30 train goes
only as far as Cloverdale. On the return
there is but on* train a day from Ukiah
leaving there at 1 p. it., arriving here at
6:25 p.m.
Commencing on tbe above-named date
the 3:30 train will run through to Ukiah
and there will be two trains leaving Ukiah
daily— one at 5:20 a. m. and the other at 1
p. M — thus making a double dally Hervice
to all points on the main line and Ukiab
the terminus.
A Famliy Row.
Charles Ockert. 3 Mowry avenue, was ar
rested last night oa the charge of assault
with a deadly weapon. Last night Con Ottin
ger, a friend of Mrs. Ockert, was in the house
when Ockert got home, and Ockert chased
him out. Ottlngar returned with a stone bot
tle and struck Ockert in the face with it, in
flicting an ugly wound. Ouinjrer ran away
and Ockert struck hi* wife over the head with
a lea-kettle. Ockert had his wound dressed at
the Receiving Hospital.
Guilty of Manslaughter.
William Brugge was convicted of man
slaughter yesterday for having kicked Louis
Goesch so biu:aily that he died. Ttieas»ault
took, place in the Euterprise saloon, on the
water iron t. early in M«rch.
Trunk* Moved 25 Cent*.
Commercial Transfer Company, 4U Surer st.
Tel. Main 49. Furniture moved reasonably. *
MARY LORING'S
SUSPICIOUS DEATH
Her Husband Charged With
Brutally Treating
Her.
He Was Arrested and Is Being
Held Pending an Inves
tigation.
In Her Statement She Says That He
Jumped on Her and Choked
Hr.
Robert boring, tinsmith in the employ
ment of George H. Tay it Co.. was ar
lested at his residence, 5 Gordon street,
last night by Detectives Gibson and Wren
and Officer McMurray of the Society for
the Prevention of Cruelty to Children,
and is being detained in the "tanks" at the
City Prison pending further investigation
into the causes that lea to the death of
his wife.
Mrs. Mary Loring died at the Waldeck
Sanitarium about 2 o'clock Sunday morn
ing and her remains were interred in
Holy Cross Cemetery Wednesday after
noon.
Henry Burke, a brother of Mrs. Loring,
living at 944 Mission atrset. reported on
Wednesday morning to the Society for
the Prevention of Cruelty to Children
that there were suspicious circumstances
in connection with his sister's death that
required investigation. He had heard
that her husband had jumped on her with
both feet, had choKed her and otherwise
ill- treated her, although the was in a
delicate condition.
Officer McMurray went to Lorinu's
bouse and there saw Mamie Burke, a sis
ter of the deceased, and he learned from
her that Mrs. Loring was dead and buried.
While he was talking to her Lorine came
downstairs and gruffly told McMurray
that there had been, too much talk about
his wife's death already and he didn't
want any more of it. He called the chil
dren and aske.i McMurray if they looked
as if they had b-en ill treated. He refused
to give McMurray any information or
allow Mamie Burke to say anything.
McMnrray succeeded in hndi.ijc Mrs.
Finnerty, another siser of the deceased,
who told him to see Miss Nathalie Selling,
a physician at 814 Sutter street, who at
tended Mrs. Loriug. McMurray saw Mis*
Selling, but she felt annoyed that any in
quiries should be made about Mrs. Lor
ing's death and remarked, "What is the
use? if the man is arrested his little
children will bs the sufferers. Mrs. Lor
ing died of peritonitis, and mat should be
enoueh."
McMurrav yesterday morning reportea
to Captain Bohen wnat he had been able
to ascertain, and Captain Bohen detailed
Gibson and Wren on the case with Mc
|f array.
They saw Mr?. Kipp, 511 Castro street,
who was in the room with Mrs. Loring
the day before her death. She told them
that sue stepued from the room for a few
minutes, and when she returned Miss
Sel ing at-ted her to sign a statement
made by Mr*. Loring to the effect that
her husband had jumped upon her ab
domen with his feet and choked her and
otherwise brutally abused her. Mixs Sell
lntt keDt the Mtteraent. Mrs. Kipp also
told them that Miss Selling had gone to
Mm. Loring's sisters and asked them to
keep quiet about their sister's death.
Atter thi* statement tne officers thought
it was their duty to place Loring under
arrest. Last night they went to his house
and found all the doors locked. Loring
opened an upper window and asked them
what they wanted. After a good deal of
persuasion he came downstairs and opened
ttie front door.
When they told him that he was wanted
at police headquarters he showed fight,
and after a desperate struggle he was
overpowered ana the handcuffs put on
him. He had a knife up the sleeve of bis
coat, but he had no cbance to use it.
At tbe City Prison Loring was in an
ugly mood and gruffly refused to say any
thing, saying it was nobody's business.
The aetectivet and McMunay went to
Miss Selling's office last night and ob
tained from her the statement made by
Mr*. Loring and signed by Mrs. Kipp.
The body of Mrs. Loring will also be dis
interred to-day and an autopsy made.
A PACIFIC ASSOCIATION.
The Olympic and Acme Clubs Are
First in the Field to Or- lv/%
ganize.
A committee from the Olympic Glob,
consisting of Howard Taylor, J. P. Kelly,
Percy Moras and Douglas White, was
appointed to confer with the directors of
the Acme Athletic Club, with the object
of forming a Pacific .CoaH Amateur Ath
letic Association. The Olympic Club re*
ceived a notification from J. P. Cook, the
secretary of the Acme Club, that bis club
has withdrawn from the Pacific Athletic
Association and that the officers will do
; all in their power to aid the Olympics in
organizing an association which will for
mulate its own laws and regulations. It
is thought that the Stanford and Berkeley
colleges will also join hands with the
Olympics.
On 'Saturday afternoon an inter-col
legiate field day will be held at the Olym
pic grounds, but the bicycle races will take
place at the Velodrome track. The points
which c tint are 5 for first, 2 for second
and 1 for third. Judging from the per
formances of the athletes on both sides of
the water, the contests should be close,
although it is whispered that the Stanford
athletes will win a majority of the track
events, and that (he field events will be
warmly contested. The University of
California faculty athletic committee de
cided the question of points which the
Berkeley atuietes objected to at first. -■
THE BOULEVABD.
Several Big Additions to the Fond
Made Yesterday. . .'_
With $211 from the benefit, Wednesday
night, $675 from the employes of the
Street Department and $160 from the
Produce Exchange added to it, the Balboa
.Boulevard fund took a long leap upward
yesterday. ,
There were nearly 300 men working; on
the boulevard yesterday and they kept
thirty-two teams busy. . Twenty -five new
tickets were issued. ' • \
Next Tuesday evening a social will be
given for the benefit ,of the boulevard
fund, at the home of J. Hanson, 80 Dame
street. '" .. -
The subscriptions of yesterday were as
follows:'
Heretofore acknowledged 125,147 41
1. !*. Foorman.. 1000
Produce Exchange 160 00
W. B. Bradbury 2500
Free nun. -mlth A Co 20 00
"Ruth and Naomi' benefit SJIOO
Street Bupertn.endeui.'s employe*..- ' 675 OO
I Grand total •*•*" W6.248 41
The Spanish. Carnival
B. 1.. Burleson of the National Guard of
California baa been chosen grand marshal o;
the evening street parade 10 take place oa
9aturuay evening, April 124, which will open
tho Spanish carnival. The parade will start a:
7:30 o'clock. Everything is cumpiete, and
San Francisco will witness the fete which has
made New Orleans famous. Many new and
original features will be introduced. At the
termination of the parade the Queen, Mrs.
Josepha Ambrosio, and her subjects will hold
a grand masquerade at the Mechanics' Pa
vilion.
Many valuable prizes will be distributed for
costumes.
The floor will be under the management of
Klcbard D. Barton, a member and officer of
Sequoia Parlor, N. S. G. W.
PRINTING PRESSMEN.
They Hold Governor Bndd Responsible
for Striking at Organized
Labor.
The following resolutions were adopted
by the San Francisco Printing Pressmen's
Union last Wednesday evening:
Whkreas, Sacramento Printing Pressmen's
Union No. CO denounced the action of Gov
ernor Bund in vetoing the appropriation lor
the support of the State Printing Office; and
whereas, San Francisco Printing Pressmen's
Union No. 24 is of the opinion and hereby em
phatically declares that the State Printing
Office is a necessary and useful institution, not
only to union mechanics, but to the taxpayers
of the State, and should be maintained and
fostered for the good that there is in it and
the goad it ' can do and is doing; and
whereas, the action of the Governor in veto
ing said appropriation— thus taking a
stun that will throw several hundred union
mechanics out of employment — is not only
reprehensible, but vicious in the extreme, and !
is an uncalled-for blow at labor; and whereas,
this union knows that the State Printing
Office is the last, not the first state institution,
that should be sacrificed upon the altar of al
leged DJlitlcal "reform" for the one reason if
tor none other — laying the question of union
labor aside— that it gives better returns for the
money invested than any other public insti
tution in this State; and whereas, the school
textbook system is the pride of all Cali
foruians not in the employ of interested par
ties, and the question of its ab: listiment, if
submitted to a vote of the people, would be
defeated by a vote so great that the adherents
of the schoolbook ring would appear as scat
tering In the returns. The closing of the State
Printing Office not only abolishes the system
of the State series of school textbooks, but
takes from the mechanics who make those
books the daily wages which they
honestly earn and embarrasses the |printing
trades throughout the State of California. The
State Printing Office is oue ol the bulwarks of
organized labor in this State. None but union
mechanics are employed therein and fair
wages are paid, thus tendlne to keep up wages
throughout the State and dignity the sphere
of labor. The fact that fair wages are paid in I
the State Printing Office is a most important
factor in the maintenance of a fair scale of
wage srlsewnere, ana the abolishment of the
State office means, almost certainly, a cut iv
wages in all the printing trades of California.
Resolved, That the San Francisco Printing
Pressmen's Union so view the situation and
hold Governor Budd responsible lor having
struct the severest blow at organized labor
that ha* ever been dealt them in this State.
Besotted, That a copy of these resolutions be
furnished the press of the State ana to sister
unions, under our seal and the signatures of
our proper officers.
George B. Bond, President.
James 11. Roxburgh, Rec. Sec.
DOCTORS TALK AND DINE.
Interesting Proceedings at Yes
terday's Sessions of the
Medical Society.
Technical Papers Foil t we 1 by a Ban
quet at the Palace
Hotel.
Yesterday was the last session but
one of the Medical Society of California.
The proceedings were quite technical
througbont, but some of the business re
lated to the society itself.
There was a proposition to amend the
constitution by reducing the annual dues
from $. r > to $3 and to do away with the in
itiation fee of $2. When President Gib
bons placed the proposition before the
i convention yesterday morning Dr. K. H.
Plummer asked that the amendment
might be divided in order that the two
propositions which it contained might be
Toted on separately. He was one of the
committee on increase of membership
which had reported the amendent, but
this was done, he explained, in deference
to requests received from a number of
members of tne society and not because
the committee really favored the proposed
reduction in the annual dues. On the
proposition to abolish the Initiation fees,
however, he thought there would be little
opposition manifested.
T: c amendment was divided, as Dr.
l'lumnier had asked, and the proposition
to reduce the annual dues was defeated by
unanimous vote. The motion to abolish
the initiation fee was carried, only one
member opposing.
Duriug the morning Dr. Granvilie Me-
Gowan of Los Angeles read an imerestine
paper on the value of "Fort's Method of
E.cctroiysis" in certain cases, also exhib
iting a few instruments for the application
of t c process.
There were several other papers on the
morning programme, among them "Prac
tical Value of the Study of Blood," by
Dr. J. A. Sanderson of St. Helena; "A
Brief Summary of tbe Bacteriological
Work in the Laboratory of the Health
Office." by John C. Spencer of this City;
"A Case of Extensive Leucoplasia of the
Mouth, Eventuating in Epithelioma of
the Cheek," by Drs. D. W. Montgomery
and H. M. Sherman of San Francisco.
Ttie alternoon wus devoted largely to a
discussion of diaeas.es of children. The
iollowlng additional programme consti
tuted the afternoon work:
"Some Unusual Forms of Laryngeal Paraly
sis." by J. Dennis Arnold, San Francisco, dis
cussion opened by George H. Powers, San
FrancUco; ■•Kpistaxig and Its Management,"
by 8. Trasfc. San Francisco; "Microbes in Bui>
puration of the Middle Ear." by George W.
Merritt, San Francisco; "Operations on the
Drum and Ossides for Improving tbe Hear
ing, "by K.S. i .ark.S ail Francisco ; "Thrombo.- is
of the Lateral Sinus, ODeraiiou, Kecovery," by
J. Uenms Arnold, San Franc:sco; "Hernia Cerc
t>n ana Meningocele from a Khinologtral
Standpoint, with report or the success. vi re
moval of a meniugncele from the na&al cavi
ties of a man aged 32 years," by M. C. O'Toole,
San KranciFCO.
Tlie doctors of San Francisco banqueted
tbe visitors in elegant style at t lie Palace
Hotel last night. There were 200 plate?,
and tbe discussion of tbe menu and toast
ing lasted until a late hour.
The concluding business of the session
will be finished at Golden Gate Hall to
morrow ronrnin/, after which the conven
tion will adjourn until next year to Fresno.
TO-DAT.
Safe!
Mr. Grocer : ,
By selling Schilling's Best
tea;.. baking powder
' , coffee , spices .
,p > soda .-. extracts ; ;
you j are on ; the right side of
the Pure Food Law. To be
sure there is not quite so much
money in each sale of Schil-
ling's Best but you will sell
more because it is so good.
Besides it is worth some-
fit
thing to be safe — for both you
arid your customers.
A Schilling & Company
bait Francisco 604
NEW TO-DAT.
I • <<
I 1 1
1 1
i| :',.,..... .. -..- ' . -v t'l}p~;-- 'i,
( , I 1! 1
I TIRES REPAIRED FREE. I
'' 1 — —— — — ____^__ ' ''
''l ... ■• • -■ ~~ — — —. , ( M l
I ! Repair Depot— & Wright tires ||;
;!; will be repaired free at the {M. & W. repair :||
[!; depot, 130 Golden Gate . * |!
;! Guarantee. — We will replace defectives !;
[;| tires when, in our judgment, the defect- is |;|;
[!; from our fault. ■ ! ;
>', :l\=S' y . . ' "|
)', • ■-. i->. ■.:;, |'i
I 1 1 MHiMfM|HHPiwiMririm7jn|rii JjfStt i /
ii • . • . - ',',
|(| I 1! 1
t'i . ,/
i ( i . ' iV
ii •■ m !
MERELY RUMORS
Pastor Hughe* of the Xiipa Baptist
Church Exonerated.
The following are the findings of the
councilof investigation called by the Napa
Baptiit Church at the earnest request of
its pastor, to determine the ministerial
standing of Rev. T. B. Hughes:
The council convened at the call of the Bap
tist Church of Xapa met in the building of the
Church at 7:30 P.M., April 1!>, and was cuni
posed of ministers and others invited by the
church to investigate the Christian character
and ministerial staudingof Rev. T- B. Hughes,
Hie pastor of the church, and the following is
the finding of said council :
First — That in response to a card published
in the Napa Daily Journal, under date of April
17, 1897, as follows:
"Notice is hereby given that a council of In
vestigation will be held hi Napa Baptist
church on Monday, April 19, &i 7:30 r. M.
Those who have charges to preier against the
pastor affecting his moral character are in
vited to present their proofs to the council at
tnat time. The Committee.
Another special effort resulted in no specific
charges belli? made that were derogatory to
the Christian character ana ministerial stand
ing of Brother T. B. Hughes, but we found cer
tain vague rumors in circulation.
Second — That we made a tnorough and care
ful investigation of these rumors.
Third— That we lind nothing affecting the
standing of Rev. T. B. Hughes as a Christian
and minister of the gospel.
Fourth— We commend our Brother Hughes
to the community, the church and Baptist de
nomination at large aa a man worthy of confi
dence aud respect.
Fifth— We commend the Napa Baptist
Cuurch for its loyalty to Us pastor under these
trying circumstances.
Sunday's Coursing.
The following is the drawing of dogs for
selling stake at Ir.gletide next Sunday, -with
the prices of the dogs. A consolation stake
for beaten dogs will be run the same day:
Bartel <fc Hosteler's Brandon Belie, $175, vs. Jr*.
A. McDonald's Deceiver, $1(K); I). Shannon's
S-.vinnerton, $100, vs. Baite> & Rosaeter's Ben
llur, $200; Gruee <t Deau's mzel Glen, $50,
vs. V. V. Curtis' Cleverness, $150; Bariei &.
Kosseter's Santa Adeem, $150, vs. \V. C. Pey
ton's BUI Nye, $100; J. Kalions Will o' Wisp,
$50, vs. Grace A: Dean's S&id Pasha, $50; Mira
nionte kennel's Reiliy's Kignt Bower. $100, vs.
M. J. Donovan'* Mimosa, $50; Bartel & Kos
seter's Alameda, $100, vs. Bartel & Barrow's
Blackstone, $150. Purse $150.
V .., SEW TO-DAY.
■IP
NEW TO-D AT— AMUSEMENT*.
MOROSCO'S
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
WALIKB MOKOSCO. ..sol* Lessee aud Man*;*:
Limited Engagement of the Favorite Eastern
A cress.
MAMIE SHERIDAN WOLFORD!
In Her Original Character of NORA LOGAN in
Arnold Woiford's .Magnificent Scenic Play.
"THE BRAND OF CAIN"
Realistic and tart I ins: Explosion Scene I
A Strong Story Graphically Presented!
A Splendid Cast of hxperienced Actors!
Evening: Prices— lOc, 25c and 500.
Matinees Saturday ami simitar-
PACIFIC COAST JOCKEY CLUB
(INGLESIDE TRACK).
The only *en«« Win tar iuc«it*c» m America.
RACING RACING
Racing From 3londay, April 19, to Sat-
urday, May 1, Inclusive.
Fire or More Races Daily, Rain or Shine.
; FIRST HACK AT 3 P. M. .
Take Southern I'aclflc iraltn at Thirl aal
Townsend sts. depot, lea vine at 1 and I:2U p. v.
Fare for Round Trip, iuvLuUiuj vi-
mission to Ground*. »1. 00.
Into ilisaion at. electric line direct to trass.
The Corrigan Stakes Mouday, April 19.
'1 he Spreckels Cup Saturday, April 24.
The California Hurdle Wednesday, April 28.
The lngleside Stakes. 4 miles, baturda/. May 1.
' tN N. ASDKOUa, President.
F. H. GREEN, Mecretary. -
THE CHUTES.
CHARLES CAVILL,
The C'hainplou Swimmer, will give exhibition*
In the i hate Lake : '
EVERY AFTERNOON AM) ETKNISO.
ADMISSION', lOc. CHILDKEN, So.
SUTRO BATHS.
OPEN DAILY FROn 7 A. TV UNTIL v P. 11.
Concert Every Afternoon and Evening.
Balhiug, including Admission: Adults, 26c: Call-
., d en, 2UC.
i>euer«l AUjuis»iua, ioc, CUildroa, 5a
JT£TW TO-DAT— AMTJSKMZITTa.'
BALDWIN THEATER.
* ill '*If»»*> .tm ilrirn'nor.ilsj) i'tilj.'.j.i 1
EVERY NIGHT THIS and NEXT WEEK
Sunday Night Included.
: 3IATINE3S SATURDAY
PRIMROSE and WESTS
BIG MINSTRELS
WHITES AND BLACKS
Including the Prince of Comedians,
. GEORGE WILSON.
The Finest Minstrel Performance ever given here.
Commencing Next Monday Night,
Api U 26, LAST WEEK of
PRIMROSE & WEST'S MINSTRKIA
In conjunction with the regular programme, •
Our Famous PRIZE CAKE WALK CARNIVAL
Forty couples will participate lor prizes.
SEATS SOW- READY.
Mon., May 3— De Wolf Hopper in "El Capltan "
CALIFORNIA THEATER.
FRIDAY EVENING APRIL «3,
Women's Press Association Benefit.
Scene lrom 'THK MERCHANT OP VENICE."
MISS EMILIK MELVILLE
and MRS. FRANCES Is. KDGEKTOV.
"A NIGHT OF > K.NSK'..MI'>S.MELVILLB
• Gardner de Veuve's Operetta, ■
"THE FAIRY BRIDE"
LA MURIELITA, Queen of liancerg,
With .Many other Attract. ona.
CALIFORNIA THEATER.
Saturday Evening April 24.
One Piano Kecltsl only by
-TF»l3yk.XiXji t ■ -<% T>T>_
Reserved seats 50c, 75c ami (I- gal.cry, 25c;
seats on sale ac Sherman. Clay A v o.'i.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUS2
>m*i!.a>.ja,xixic Krkt.tw Proprietor <s Maa»g*:
LAST NIGHTS
Of the Snc:essful Komaatic Irish Onera.
THE LILY OF KILLAIm
«».-» — ■— »—^-^-^J^J-l^^_r-o-^_r-ur«^->_r^J-l_f^iJO^-^_rvlnJ^J^_r-^
r:". \ SUPERB CAST !— —
Songs That Reach the Heart.
SEATS NOW ON SALE FOR
NEXT WEEK
The London Success.
"SHAMUS O'BRIENI"
Kirn Appearance of
——MR. DENIS O'SCLLIVAJi I— —
The creator of the tine role.
Popular Prlcfts—^ — 25-3 and 500
tRtCDLAfifItHGOTTLOD *_o>- v »m a^d rwnASOIJ- • •
LAST THItEE NIGHTS 1 .
MATINEE SATURDAY.
The Charming Comedy,
MARY PENNINOTON, SPINSTER.
Presen'ed by
—MISS GEORGIA CAYVAN—
And Her Widely Praised Company.
Next Monday ...WARD A VOKKB, In
NEW VAUDEVILLE MAGNETS!
Special Engagement of MO. ACHILL.E Air
BKKTI, Baritone, and MME. ASXINA OR.
LANDI, Merzo-toprano: MAKZKLO & MIL-
LAY, Burlesque Wrestlers; h.D LATELLK,
Musical Comedian, and HEHR OKA IS and his
'1 rick Baboon and Honker, in conjunction with
theMERRILKJCBSISTE"K<*. HAHRiS WAL-
TKRS. KUO.VEMASiN BRoa. EVANS <k
VIDOCQ.ana DELMORE&
Keserved Mats. 2Sc; Balcony, lOo; Opera-chain
and box-seats. 60c.
Concerts In the Orpheum Annex every evening.
A I RA7AR GREAT SUCCESS
nbUHfaflll Of Tom Taylor's
BelascoALaFaille.M ts. Famous Comedy,
"THE OVERLMD ROUTE."
Produced with Special Scenery Costumes
and Effects!
The Entire Alcazar Company, including GEORGE
OSBOURNK, In the Cast.
Regular Prices. Telephone for Seats, Black 991.
SPANISH CARNIVAL
MASQUERADE,
SATURDAY FAEXIJfi. APRIL 24,
MECHANICS' PAVILION,
GRAND $10,000
Illuminated Street Parade,
AT 7:30 O'CLOCK.
ADMISSION .....ONE DOLLAR
CENTRAL PARK.
BASBBAIili!
TO-MORROW AFTERNOON, AT 3 O'CLOCK.
Australians vs. Reliance Athletic Club.
PICNICS AND EXCURSION'S.
EL CAMPO,
* THE POPULAR BAY RESORT,
NOW OPEN EVERY SUNDAY OL'RINd THB
SEASON. Music, Dancing:, Bowling:, Boat-
ing;, Fishing; and Other Amusements.
Refreshments at City prices-' Fare, round trip,
25c, Children 15c; Including admission to grounds,
THE STEAMER I Xl AH
Will leave Tiburon Ferry at lt»:30 a. it; 13:10,
2:00 and 4:00 p. m. ■ Returning. leave Xl Campo
at 11:15 a. v , 1:00,3:00 and S :UO r. v.
78th ANNIVERSARY" PICNIC
: \ X. O. O. 35*.
GIVEN BY——
OAKLAND Rb-BEKAH LODGES,
For the benefit of the OBPKANb' HUME,
AT SAN LORENZO tiKOVE, ON MON-
DAY. APKIL 36, 1897.
Bound-trip ticket on Haywards electric cars. in-
clu !:i!-,' admission to grove. 50c Take broad-
I gang* ferry trom foot ot Market, street for Fruit-
vale station. The electi ic-cara run from taere
Ivale station. The elecliic-cara run from ttoer*
dir.ct to me grove.
78
THREE FAVORITES,
THREE OUTSIDERS
A Tied Score, in Which
the Talent Was
Worsted.
Some Heavily Piayed Choices
Went Amiss at Ingle
side Track.
Pat Murphy in Fine Fettle— Addie
Buchanan First at 10 to I
Lou! on R a Snrprise.
The track at Ingleside f,or some reason
has been harrowed up until it is about as
fast as a merry-go-round in some sand
lot, and as a consequence form players
the past few days have found themselves
in sad nraits. Horses that did not figure
a chance have galloped in and others
which looked "castirons" suffered that
weary feeling long before the wire was
reached. It has not increased the popu
larity of racing at the local course one
whit, and the sooner the management
become apprised of this fact the better it
will be for the future of the game.
Three favorites and three outsiders
drew down purses yesterday, but so ex
pensive was the defeat of the last three
choices that the talent left for home with
just about enough coin to purchase a small
package of climate and a ride to the ocean
beach.
The opening two-year-old scramble at
four furlongs was gathered in by the 4 to
5 favorite, The Cheat, ridden by Jimmy
Bozeman. Malka, a 20 to 1 outsider, led
the bunch until well into the stretch,
where the first choice assumed the lead
and won handily, three parts of a length
in advance of Outlay, against which 8 to 1
was laid.
After receding in the betting from 3 to 2
to 11 to 5 the roan sprinter, Pat Murphy,
took the six-furlong sprint next decided
very easily. Nervcso raced witn him to
the stretch, where he drew away, win ning
hands down from the hard-ridden second
choice Mobalaska. The 20 to 1 shot
Palmerston secured the show. Kowalsky
was left at the post.
Starting an 8 to 5 choice, the one and a
sixteenth miles run proved an easy thing
for Vinctor, piloted by Willie Martin.
Una Colorado made most of the running,
but was easily outiooied to the stand by
the first choice, which won by less than a
length, with pounds to spare. Marcel
finished a distnni third. Pepper was
quite extensively backed, but his bad legs
gave way ana he finished among the
"a; so rans."
Veiox, a son of The Hook, was made an
8 to 5 choice for the fourth event, a mile
sellinp affair, and although showing con
siderab> speed could finish no better than
third. Thompson hustled Charlemagne,
which opened at 8 to 5 and went back to
2}4 t<> 1, out in front and Schreiber's horse
was never heaiied, passing the finishing
line a length in front of Two Cheers, a 5 to
1 choice, with Willie Martin in the saddle.
J<>: X showed some speed, butdied away in
the stretch.
The finish to the mile that followed was
a most exciting one, Addie BuciiananVin
ning by a length, with Joe Terry. Day
lipht, San Marco and Mercutio stretched
across the track heads apart. The win
ner, ridden by Eddie Jones, was 10 to 1 in
the bettintr. Nebula and Mercutio cut out
tne pace to the straightaway for home,
wliere the pace told on both of them.
Aa outsider, Loulou R, captured the
last, race of the day, over seven furlongs.
Tne mare was a 10 to 1 shot in the betting
and after setting the pace from the jump
downed Adam Andrew a head in a hard
THE "CALL" RACING GUIDE.
PACIFIC COAST JOCKEY CLUB. lngle«lde Racetrack. Thursday. April 22. Seventy
nlnth day of the >\ inter Meeting, 1896-97. Weather fine. Track fast.
903 FIKST RACK— Five-eUh:h» of a mile; two-year-olds; Belling; purse 8350.
Index.
Horse, weight.
St.
Ptr
Jocker.
887
876
891
891
The Cheat ;
Outlay :
Sadie Schwartz..
Malka
Zapata
Red Eox :
Limn.
Santa Marie
Malabar :
Roulette Wheel..
6
4
■
1
7
M
8
•i
9
10
4h
61
3 1
81
6 1
2 1
9
10
4 1
6 2
1 h
22
7 2
8
31
10
IS*
43
31
1%
8 1
72
9
63
62
10.
IV.
2 6
Ib
4 6
6%
63
72
8 V,
9 100
10
Bozeman
W. Martin
I IKWSOtI
Thompson
-iutiKtiler.
Maslett
Isom
"Inz.
Piljeott
Krawley
4-5
6
8
12
15
100
12
100
7-2
40
4-5
8
10
20
15
200
15 I
200
- 4
60
"'63*6'
838
876
........
Good start. Won handily. W Inner. L*. Ktell'a b. c, by Deceiver-Katie J. 1 im^. 1 :VifVi.
QfM SECOND
Index.
Home, age, weight.
Benin*.
Op. VI.
889
872
683
hBtf
889
873
889
jPat Mnrphy. 6... 103
Mobaiaska, 4 104
Palmerston, 4 10;'.
iiicirdo, 6 105
Mldlo, 4 100
Nervoso. 6 10/t
Kowalsly, 1 103
1
2
5
4
6
3
left
1 h
3 1
6 l
8
24
82
4 h
62
6
2 2
1 3
'1 1
%Z
31
14
2 2
3 1
*y a
6V,
Slaughter
Plßgou
Boz<-man.
Snider
Clawson
Jsom ......
«-6
I 5-2
15
15
8
15
4
6-2
6-2
15
25
8
20
a
I
Jones
l-lfv I"*^1 "*^ WoneasUy ' Wlnnef . A. B. Hpreckelg' m. g., by Imp. Kyrle lialy-Maggle K. Time,
905. THIRD
Jrdez. Horae, age, weight.
896 Vinctor, 5 113
t861) Una Colorado, 6..1 15
614 Marcel. 6 108
668 Ben. ham, 4 11l
Pepper, 6 113
862 jSnntuzza, 4 104
4
3
6
2
1
6
6 3
I?
ii
I*
V* V* % | Btr. [ Fin. | Jockey.
20 550 41 44 Ifa [ W. Martin..
22- lh 13 13 26 ipigsotL...'.'.'.'.
4 3 44 31 3V4 3Vi «uii bter.... ' "
3 1 an i 5 6 6 ."..,- -man . .
6 6 6 6 6 Frawl«y """
BettlßK.
"p. Cl.
7-5
4
S
15
4
30
86
4
16
25
2
12
Good start.
Won driving. Winner, William Boon A Son's b. h., by Brutua-MolU* H. Time'
906. FOUR ™
IntSex.
Horse, age, weight.
895 Charlemagne, 3.. Si
849 Two Cheers, 6... 107
871 Velox, 3 S8
861 Coda, 4 101
B*6 Camelia, 4 104
>99 Miss Kuth, 5 105
811 Joe X, 4 306
892 Scorcher, 3 88
648 Boreas, 5 110
1
3
2
8
6
6
4
7
9
11%
2h
3 2
li 2
8 3
7h
4n "
5 1
9
Sh
f> h
73
8 16
2 h
63
9
1 2
ah
6 1
4 1
7 3
8 50
Si*
9 ..
1 3
4 3
2h
31
6 6
7 2
64
8 60
9 .
11
2 1 *
2S*
& 10
66
76
8 100
9
Thompson. ...
W. Mar, in
Clawson
Inorn
PIKROIt.
Hnslett
Rel<ly«..
J. Woods
f.ozpinan
8-6
6
2
8
6
10
60
10
30
0-2
5
85
16
8
15
100
30
60
Good s:»rt. Won easily. Winner, a frchrelbers eh. c. by Bt. Carlo-Muta. Time, 1:43.
rr FIFTH
q^ MFTH
Index.
888
886
872
888
89?.
' *63
895
S!il
V »>B9
(881)
florae. a;e, welebt. | St.
Ad. K:ictianan, 6. ion 1
Joe Terry,4 luel 9
Dayllftiu 4 106 2
San Marco 4 106: 3
Mercutlo, 3 91 5
Don Clurenclo, 3.. 91 7
Nebula, 3 B6 10
Herat 10. :-< 106 6
Kefugee. 4 103 4
Unity. 4 103 8
IV*
6 y»
7 It
7 2
93
3 h
2 h
83
So*
2 h
8 1
6 1
4 1
m
6 i.i
96
10 . .
SI
$
29
7 1
10 *
3 i/j
6 3 /a
4 1
2 2
7 2
1 h
8 2
iB-.«
10
11
2 h
3h
4 h
6h
6 1
76
8 3
9 10
10
Jones
I'lKKOtt.
"laughter
Isom
Ruiz.
Clmvson
J. Woods
Snider '
Thompson
Bozeiuan ...
Bettiue.
>P- Cl.
*
6
16
4
15
6
a
15
5-2
10
8
7
SO
7-2
4 1)
7
3
20
6
20
1:425.* ""*■'• Won bu*Uy.\ dinner, W. McL.mor*. en. m., by JBuchanaa-Addl. W.rr^n. Time:
908.
MAM li
>; paras $350.
895
. 892
868
. 89 I
868
878
895
7<B
. 892
Index.
JTorge, weight. '' st
Loalou R 107 9
Adam Andrew. ..ll2 'i
C'laudlana 102 6
Vinciior 112 8
sly 107 4
Alma iO7 3
Klenzl...". 112 1
Lady Hurst ..... 107 10
Cogent 107 7
Lucky star 104 5
Billy Vice 112 12
ihel'iunger 104 11
V* "'
h
3
3
h .
2
%
1
2
1
8
4
I
2
1 2
3 1
I?
5 2 :
"6 2
94
11 3
81-
-10 8
12
'A
2 2
\*
I*
73*
9 10
10
84
11
12
1 b
L V '
M
6 2
71
83
9
10
11
12
Slaughter.
« lawson
Imohi .......... ■
Shaw I...
Jones
Hennessr.
Snider ..........
En 05..... .......
Frawley '
Mullet
M>,.|/I m
8
4
52
*
2
■-. 8 - >
10
100 '
100 :
100
40 '
100 5
10
4
4
•
6-2
6
15
60
150
60
40
200
h
h
a
""'2h'X
842
1
l:
Macklm
McDonald
• Cou°p?ed" oSStal! 1 * Wlnner> W - * BlDk '* Ch " *> by Terra CotUrttart. Po.fr. Tim., 1:30.
drive. Sly, the 2}^ to 1 favorite, showed
speed for about naif a mile.
Following are to-day's entries:
First race, nine-sixteenths of a nit la. two-year
old maidens.
BJ7 Twinkler. 11l 819 IVsdemona .. 108
891 Hay iic:,th 108 887 Louln.- Uooker.lOß
897 Dou<t«riwivel,.ll1 l M>7 loin Spencer. .l 1 1
891 Marvelous 108 874 Dalion HI
82-' Socialist 108 887 Saoaoth 108
874 Ulenower. 108 874 Voago l"
Second race, thr»e-quar;ers of a mile, selling.
902 Belarlc 10M 873 Amelia *0u50..106
893 Jack Martin ...108 886 Perhaps • ;OH
t>B9 Aiontallade.....loß 89S Mosit-r lUB
799 La i le. ha 106! -2S S;ra;nrol 114
»04 >eivoso ..11l &86 Duchess 106
Tliird race, seven-eighths of a mile, selling.
901 MollieK. 107 692 McFariane 89
843 Myrtle H 104 907 Hefugee. 106
901 Li Mascjta....lo4 901 l#©uvllle 89
901 lorn Kluior.-...10i> B*9 Candor 107
Fourth race, nine-sixteenths of a mile, two-year
old maidens
-897 Hay Salazar. . ..108 897 Jodie...-. 11l
542 «lva 108 876 Miss Kronen ..108
891 JliM Dividend. loß H»l Cassandra 11.. 108
897 KlushiUKtOD 111 «97 Balicoy 118
687 Kroica 108 897 Imperious 11l
783 Los Pr1e:05.....108 882 thus Le Bel. 111
i If tn race, tbree-quarters of a mile, selling.
BS3 Midas 114 884 'loraina. 106
(82?>)Dr. McAllister.! 11 (893)ReddinKton.. ..108
889 Potentate 119 885 tea Spray 11l
47.< (ialiHDi 11l 855 Don Oara 11l
904 Kicardo 11l 8-6 Klc Nac 106
82b Lizzie H 106 .... W. OB 114
bixto race, one and a sixteenth miles.
885 Logan 115 896 Imp. Trance. ..105
877 Momta. .: 112 8-8 st Algnon. 103
898 KiriC'ochran...lO3 ; (905)Vinctor 116
(898)Orady 11l | .-.-•.
SKLKCTIONS FOR TO-DAY.
First race — Twinkler, Sabaotl),
Dalion.
.Second race — Montallade, Amelia
Fonso, Perhaps.
Third race — Refugee, La Mascota, Blc-
Farlane.
1 ourth race — Flusblngtoi}, I.o«
Frietoa, Mia« Remsen.
Fifth race— Torsina, Lizzie H, Red
dlneton.
Sixth race — Tinctor, Grady, St.
Algnon. ______^_^_^_^^_
GEINDING OUT DIVOECES.
Activity In the Business or Dividing
DUcordttut. Hearts.
The divorce industry is active in the
different departments of the Superior
Court of the City and County of San
Francisco at the present time.
Soon a law will go into effect requiring
divorced people to wait a year before re
entering the holy state of matrimony. It
frequently happens that the interested
I parties dislike to wait so km* as that.
Consequently there is a movement all
along the line to accelerate the disposi
tion of divorce litigation.
Last week quite a record was made
when a complaint was tiled on Thursday
and a decree of divorce was secured on
Friday. Both parties thought it a lucky
day, so the public apparently has no right
to romplain.
Wednesday disclosed the usual business
doing, "with prospects for ihe outloos
being firmer," as tne commercial reports
would say.
Divorces have been granted as follows:
James Burns from Laura Burns, for deser
tion.
Charlotte R. Deckelman from Louis Deckel
man, the reason assigned being extreme
cruelty.
X A. Garratt from J. H. Garratt, for deser
11UU. fe
Herman Knumin from Bertha Rauman, on
th» ground oi cruelty.
George W. Parslow from Amelia Parslow,
because of her desertion and extreme cruelty.
Henrietta J. Zimmerman from William B.
Zimmerman, for willful ueglect.
Margaret J. Jones from Cnarles P. Jones, on
trte ground oi desertiou.
Suits for divorce have been filed as fol
lows: Mary Olsen ajjainst August Olsen,
for cruelty; Lincoln A. Coffin against
Hannah Collin, for cruelty.
Held for Burglary,
George Riley was yesterday held to answer
before tne Superior Court by nctiug I'olice
Judge Kerrltjan in $2000 bonds on the charge
of burglary. He broke into the house of
George Gattsman. 404 Stockton street, January
27, and stcjje a gold watch and other articles.
Riley was also held a few days ago by Judge
Joachimsen to answer ou the charge of mur
dering William Heuneisey in the St. iiavid
House.
The City Is lim.-j.
Since the great retiring sale of the Paragon
Suit Company has been announced the whole
town is full of life. It is no wonder, when the
finest kinds of dresses are thrown away at
$150 each, $1 laundried waists at 25c, $20
tailor suits at $3 75. 1230 Market street. m *
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, APRIL 23, 1897.
THE X RAY AND
SEDLITZ POWDERS
Doctors Lsarn How the Dose
Blows Up the
Stomach.
There's a Fizz and in Two Sec
onds That Slave Is Like
a Balloon.
Dr. Abrams Stands a Patient Up an :
Watches Things Work While
the Dose Go s Dew i.
The X ray has recently been tamed by
a prominent lecal physician onto Bedlitz
powders after they have been taken, and
the surprising result has been pictured
before the State Medical Association now
in session.
The discovery hat been made that the
■tomacb is almost instantly distended to
four or five times its eize before taking,
being blown up suddenly like a balloon,
dislocating the heart and boosting the
other oreans generally into their corners.
This, in unscientific terms, is the effect
of the revelation briefly stated oy Dr. Al
bert Abrams, who is a member of the
faculty of Cooper Medical College and
who divided with Dr. Philip Mills Jones
the session of Tuesday evening when the
This Shows the Human Stomach
Before and After a Fizzing
Seidlitz Powder.
X ray was discussed before the associa
tion.
This dynamic action of sedlitz powders
was one of the least important from a
medical point of view of the things which
Dr. Abrams demonstrated from the or
iginal experiments with the X ray which
he has carried on, but it was the one most
calculated to exc.te a layman's curious in
terest.
The doctors have never known before
to what dimensions the stomach is blown
up by this frequently taken mess. They
knew that the gases generated would dis
tend the stomach, but as the stomach Is
in a state of collapse on the autopsy table
its excursions on sedlitz powder and simi
lar occasions remained unsuspected.
But Dr. Abrams recently backed a pa
tient up a ainst a Crookes tube in opera
tion and had the patient swallow a sedlitz
powder. When the dose went down the
stomach was plainly outlined in the
fluoroscope in its normal size and posi
tion. When the draught entered the
stomach the sudden expansion was plainly
and beautifully seen.
The accompanying diagram is repro
duced from the one Dr. Abrams displayed
on the screen. The smaller figure repre
sents the stomach before taking and the
larger one its outline a few seconds later.
In its swelling upward it, of course,
pushed the diaphragm before it, crowding
on the heart and iunga. Before taking the
heart was plainly and completely seen as
a dense shadow. After the expansion and
its change of position it snowed a much
smaller blotch of shadow.
The position of tne distended stomach
gives a better understanding of the sudden
deaths that sometimes occur immediately
after very hearty meals. In such canes
the heart is weak and the pressure and
change of position resulting from the
forcing upward of the heart und dia
phragm result fatally.
The experiment illustrates the increas
ing knowledge of physiological actions
which the X ray fives when organs are
warned by iis aid. It affords new dis
coveries and demonstrates what was but
theoretical before.
In his demonstration Dr. Abrams dis
played diagrams of the normal heart and
lungs and then diagrams showing heart
enlargements revealed by the fluoroscopc.
He stated that in treating a recent case of
enlarged heart by Schott's gymnastic
method, he noted the size of the organ *t
the start, and later a reduction of one
fifth as tue treatment progressed.
The beating of the heart can now be
plainly seen as a twinkling of the dark
yet well-outlined shadow, which is seen
through the spaces between the ribs, at
behind bars, and the position of the beat
ing heart and ihe outline of any enlarge
ment can be seen at a glance. It is a great
thing for the doctors to be able to stand a
man up and look through him to see how
things are working.
ROBIN SON ON TRIAL.
Charged With Embezzling 911,000 of
the Funds of the Bernard
Estate.
Attorney C. P. Robinson, charged with
felony embezzlement, appeared for trial
in Department 12 of tae Superior Court
yesterday, Jud-e Webb of Fresno sitting
for Judge Carroll Cook, who is holding
court in Fresno.
The accusation against Robinson is that
he absorbed several thousand dollars be
longing to the estate of the late Charles
Bernard. The dispute arose out of the
management of the property which he
controlled as trustee tor Mrs. Clarisse
Bernard, surviving widow of the de
ceased, who was a prominent dealer in
coffee and spices.
When Robnißon was ready to settle his
accounts he ligured that ne owed tne
estate a certain amount, but Mrs. Bernard
claimed a much larger sum and took the
mailer before the Grand Jury. An in
dictment was found January 9 1895
$11,000, and the case hae been nangin* on
the calendar ever since.
Attorney J. J. Dwyer appeared as spe
cial counsel to assist Deputy District At
torney Hosmer in the prosecution, while
Dunne & MtPike represent the defendant
following are tne names of the jurors
selected to try the case: Julius Scbencel
?r Cn w h a w c "' J r 08 o P& Orr ' Adam Ulm
br., Jacob Weise, J. Bremer, George Lake
John Noonan, George £. Knief, James
Dewing, Walter Hinkley and Peter Jonn-
Attorney Dunne at every stage of the
proceedings put in a claim that the trou
ble rrew oat of a difference of opinion in
£?3V°f k" that Robinson was en
titled to for ' his ser»ices. On the other
fnor * ¥'' , Dwy V u arKUed that Robinson
too* advantage of hi. client to the extent
alleged in the indictment v ' «i«ii
The day was taken up with the ~testl>
mony of T. V. Maxwell, an expert in
bookkeeping. It is expected that t :«e trial
will last nearly a week.
An additional indictment charging Rob
inson with perjury in connection with the
•ame proceedings is also pending.
Judge Webb is a very strict disciplin
arian. He ciided Deputy District Attor
ney Hosmer for being tnree minutes late
yesterday morning, and when Mr. Hos
mer sought to excr.se himself by an alle
■ aiion tuat the courtroom clock was too
fast his Honor calmly replied: "This
court's clock i< exactly right, so far as
this court is concerned, and all officers of
this court are required io take notice of
that fact. Proceed, gentlemen."
Mr. Hosmer, it was observed, became
exceedingly self-contained after this collo
quy, a condition that was not lessened in
its intensity when Judge Webb, with a
far-away look in his eyes, incidentally re
marked that he would send io jail the
next lawyer, young or old. who made an
exhibition of temper while taking an ex
ception to the rulings of the court.
Judge Webb is said to have an enviable
record for ability and firmness as well as
fairness in his own bailiwick, but however
that may be, it is sure that be has im
pressed the lawyers of San Francisco as a
man not to be fooled with, and hereafter
he will live in the memories of local legal
historians as "the buzz-saw Judge from
Fresno."
SOUTH AMERICAN TRADE.
Local Merchants ltrachin e Out to Ex
tend Their Field of Opera
tion.
In accordance with the decision of the
members of the Chamber of Commerce at
its last meeting the movement toward in
creasing the trade of this City with the
countries on the west coast of South
America has been set on ioot. Yesterday
the following address or circular was sent
to a large number of the business men :
Tn the Merchants of San Francisco— Gentle
men: The mture prosperity of our Eeapori
largely depending upon our ocean commerce,
wo respectfully suggest that special rff.»rts
hnou'd be made to increase it. We have al
ready Initiated iiiccessiul action in respect to
trade with Japan and Central Ani-nca, and,
in accordance with the Chamber of Commerce
at Its isesslon on tne 20th laaC, we now Invite
you to organize for the development of trade
with the west coast of fcoutti America. A
recent reduction In freights and the possibility
of still lower rates remove the greatest ini
pedlment. The time appears propitious.
The bearer.*ereof, J. B. Havrr, a gentleman
well informed by experience and personal oL
nervatlon in regard to thin trade, will call
upon yon, and when the promise of attend
ance has been secured a meeting will be called
*t the rooms of the cnambar to organize for
the work. We respectfully suggest that your
action should be prompt nnd decisive. With
much respect, your obedient servants,
Louis b. Parrott,
Leon Blum,
Chablks Nelson,
Committee on Foreign Commerce.
William L. Merry, Secretary and Trensurer.
As indicated the proposition is io follow
the same plan as that now in operation
in Japan. An abie business man, repre
senting fifteen San Francisco business
houses, is at work in Japan introcucinj;
tne goods and wares of his employer, be
sides furnishing the Chamber of Com
merce with such information as will be of
immediate or future benefit. Aa so >n a*
possible another man will be sent to
South America for the same purpose. He
will probably start out in two or thr»e
weeks. Already a number of large nrms
dealing in such commodities as could be
handled to advantage in the western
South American countries have slumtied
their de<ire to be represented by ;he
chamber's representative.
An international exhibition of gastron
omy and of culinary art is to take plHce at
Vienna in 1898, in honor of the fiftieth an
niversary of t lie reign of ihe Emperor of
Austria-Hurieary.
KEW TO-PAT.
LOTS
Of Money Saved on
Crockery and Chinaware
AT
' Great American liiprtiEg Tea Co.
MONEY SAVING STORES!
Operating ioo Stores
That's why we
sell so cheap.
Good reason?
140 Sixth st. 325 Hayes st.
965 Market st. 218 Third st.
146 Ninth st. 2008 Fillmore st.
617 Kearny st. 3005 Sixteenth st.
1419 Polk st. 2510 Mission st.
1344 Market st. 521 Montgomery aye.
3285 Mission st.
OAKLAND.
1053 Washington st. 1510 Seventh st.
917 Broadway, ' 616 E. Twelfth st
131 San Pablo aye.
ALAM EDA- 1355 Park St.
Headquarters, 52 Market St., S. F.
VARICOCELE.
THIS VERY COMMON AILMENT IS POSI- _^«JS?5=-eN.
lively cured by a treatment original with
Doctor Sweany, which attacks the seat of
the disease and restores a healthful condition J(£jl .
to the veins find nerves, thus enabling them Smf.
by their contraction to give, a proper circula- JjtJ W
tion of the blood througli the veins, thereby flfcuf m
graaur.llyjreaucing their swollen condition. b5bM *JfH*% *o**%W
The pain disappears, tUey return to their T^W &£$&&? ¥^s^»*
original heßlthy condition and appearance, l(^Va^ ~^^^s^ • v^-^j
and a varicose condition cannot continue, re- \v^l V I
turn or form after you have once been properly \ - # ijjji L**J) a
cured by his treatment, which does not inter- VJb'''-"- '^SpfelK j|
lore with any regular habits or employment, V^VWSr®* 9 *^. §&
and may be used without knowledge or sus- a **&''• -J> :K^&&Sr T»3fe**»
piulon of any other person. ' '. $v- ■s/( t, "?■' ffl*J MmsgrX?'
Sufferers from this disease, the time to cure %'<fif 'J^K^/a ..,, W§i!?H§m.
II is when it first manifests itself. Neglected, M %m&jso^WiM^
varicocele soon assumes a couditlon where J'sVpiMyi "v^^ ; - -
nothing short of an operation will avail. It -*&**. \ -^I^R-^Tv?^^
is therefore .important that these cases re- -■■' JvV>^ lJiii ••
ceive early attention. Describe your case DOCTOR SWEANY
operation. at 737 Market street, San JTrancisoo.
Diseases of Young, Middle- Aged and Old Men,
Which weaken the body and the brain, causing nervous debility in nil its distressing forms,
.21 tl? .l! m 5 aW * £" d .fV op . njr of th^ or « Hn!< ' "*«»»* emissions, drains which
sap the vitality, weak and falllnjr manhood, aching back and diseased kidney.,
a t red feeling, fear f danger or death, difficult breathing, loan of appetite tle-
fectlTe^yeslghi, pains In tue head and shoulders, eramn. in th« muscle" of the
body, dizziness and falling sensations, pimples on th« face, dark circles under
the eyes, palpitation of the heart, despondency, poor memory. rineiiiK in the
ears, blood rushing to the head, a wandering mind, Inflamed glands, hy.lrorele
inflammation and irritation of the bladder, difficult urination? gleet ronorrhea
stricture, syphilis -nd alt other diseases of th« generative organ* are invariablY
cured by Dr. sw<-:.ny'it treatment. This Distinguished specialist also treau and cures All
Diseases of the Eye, Ear, Head. Throat. Lung., Stomach, liver and BowZ Kid'
mUb^£&%g:Ett&tt t n!&?*^ v*'u *' CatMrh ' Heart T »»- tol ".
L s£"ui^%.%^l£'£ UMM "" l * v * * m treatment **«"><« •* «-t^
Scientific Treatment Invariably Cures
The most pronounced cases of any and all the above ailments. It is the result of a lifelong
study of these seMe *' and is absolutely original with him. He has treated thousands of
sufferers throughout the land, and is constantly in receipt of an avalanche of testimonials
irnm people of all classes and stations in life, who express profound gratitude for the won-
derful cures wrought by him. and who have requested the doctor to use their names. Dr
bweany has always made It an invariable rule not to publish names. Acknowledgments of
cures are not shown to callers unless especially requested to do so by the parties writing
them. Absolute secrecy Is maintained in all professional dealings. " Medicines when bent are
securely sealed in plain packages. All letters are answered by the doctor In person. A per-
sonal visit is always to be preferred, but for those who are unable to • call Dr. Swcany nas
developed a system of Home treatment that is entirely his own. Thousands are cured at
home by means of correspondence and medicines sent them as directed. Letters are answered
in all language!. Call or address
i^ s^BAisry, m.x>.,
737 Market Street, San Francisco, : Cal.
NEW TO-DAY.
GOLDS
Munyon's Cold Cure cares colds in the
head, cods on the lungs, old colds, new
colds and obstinate colds, and all forms of
grip. Stops sneezing, discharges from the
nose and eyes, prevents catarrh, diphthe-
ria, pneumonia and all throat and lung
troubles. These pleasant little pellets are
absolutely harmless, have saved thousands
of lives and prevented much sickness.
Price, 25c.
MUNYON'S
Improved Homoeopathic Home Remedy
Company put up a separate cure for each
disease. At all druggists, mostly 25 cents.
Guide to Health free.
Personal letters to Prof. Munyon, 1505
Arch street, rhiladelohic, Pa., answered
with free medical advice for any disease.
I Philadelphia
I Shoe Co. Ho. 10 Third St.
H STAMPED ON A SHOE MEANS STANDARD OF MERIT
Tan I a a Coin
Ox- _^J~I~J Spare
Blood. g^ «* Toes.
■■■■■■■■^■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■iM
$I.2S— OXFORDS-$1.25
This is the season of tbe year when the
Oxford Tie trade commences, and we are
prepared to give great values to our cus-
tomers. We have Oxford Tiei in Tan or
Ux-B'ood colors, and in Narrow-Square or
Nuirow Coin locs, with Hand- Turned
Soles, which we will sell for 81.25 per
pair. These ties sell regularly for $2.00
per pair, but we real that we must give
extra inducements to our customers.
~Z ""I RUSSET
{ysj^W BUTTON.
Don't overlook our special sale of Chil-
dren's lan >prin?-Heel Button Shoes, for
i hey are belli* sola cheap. Taey wear and
look well and are j;n. the thing for sum-
mer.
Child's, sizes 8 to 101/jj 1 00
-Misses', sizes 11 to 2. 1.25
JUT Country orders solicit*!.
»** Send for .New lllus.ra.ui Catalogue
Address ,
B. KATCHINSKI.
PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO.,
IO Third St.. San irauciieo.
1896 -TAXES!- -1896
TIIK SECOND INSTALLMENT OF REAL
Kst&te Taxes will be delinquent
APRIL 26th, at 6 P. M.,
After which 5 per rent will be added. "
The «fllce will be open from 7 to 9 P. it. on
April ?4u>.
•atura«y, April 17, positively last day for re-
ceiving checks. . s - < ,
J \Mi:s N. block. Tax Collector,
San Franc sco, .April 13. iS97.
•O-CI-O-00-O-00-O-O-00-O
AN EXCELLENT
11 7rT"7 A T Properly prepared and
JVi I \tr\ I promptly served, can
*»*■•*— «■* l.i-' always be obtained in
THE GRILL ROOM OF THE
Decidedly the r\ AT A /-«T^
Mo Popular MA I Af h
Dining . Apart- -I iiLviW^iJ
mont in town. HaßMHaanHa _
o-0000000-00000
DR.MCNULTY.
rPHIS WELL-KNOWN AND RKLIABLE OMj
X specialist nirrs Privato.Nprvous.lllfKMiaiid Skin
Diseases of Men only. Manly Power restored. Over
•JOyears'expf>rif>ue<>. Send for Book, free. Patients
eurrdnt Home. Terms rea.sonablo. Hours, 9 to 3
<Uily:6:3otoB.:»ev\'.«. Sundays. 10 to 12. Consulta-
tion free and sacredly eontldeutial. Call or address
p. ROSCOK SioSirL,TY, M. I>..
gr. 1 - Kftrny s*lr«'«-«, S.-tn Vr;nn-i»<-o. Cal.
NOTARY PUBLIC.
CHAHI.KS H. J'Hll.Llt's. ATTORSET-ATi
%J Law and Notary Public, (538 Market .i:., OD3O>
I ait* Palace Uote^ Telept 67a Beaideaoe MM
■ ml HiMt i elepaojM - flue ■ UIL
_.' - KEW Tfl-OAT
At*— mm ' mm mm m* mm ao* *»- — g^—^^— -*^--^^rr^i&
Z^&:=Z m^^-^Z--Z:^ZZZ^~ZZ-%~Z^ m^^ m^^m^^m^=2m^^m£
ill ; — — "" it i
Iff ;- it i
f Throngs of I
j | ■MBMBMMMBBBBganaiMIIJ II lIWBIWIMIMIM i I I
. Pleased ■'. I
|- ' r
if ii People} 1
i Br^^ fr^ S B B—^ i B™^
IF W !
i 4 elbowed each other good-naturedly i ,
'| ' at this great sale all through last ' |
'F week. It was a veritable rush for i; !
II bargains. And it goes merrily on |i:;
I, this week. Our new managers H i
'[ are putting their shoulders to the '' '
\in wheel with a vengeance. They ''
j | want more room — and quick — for || :-
L I the new departments, and the new  .,
f goods that will soon be here.
' f < Come in the morning hours if W
| | you can — less crowded. \ I
U I <KKXX)0000O0O0O0O0O I I
!| GRAND REORGANIZATION SALE »i
I 1 000000000000000000 11
ft? AfiATF- A-qt. Stew Pan,
W/IIL steel enamel... 39c
II I 11/inr l-calon Water
ill TV/\I\L. Pitcher. 57c!
I ' ' 13- inch Square
Roast Pans ....48c !
1 2 qt. Coffee P0t.. .43c Bread Pan, 5x9. 13c
111 Bowl and Pitcher
■■• 2-qt. Coffee Biggins Toilet net. . . 74c |
...,42c 1-qt Covered Tea
. N.ee|.er 22c j
,||| 11-inch Wash Ba- 10 -quart Steel-
•• sin 18c enameled Dish
111 Pan 43c
5-inch Cuspidor.. 33c 12 - quart Milk
U 5-inch Cuspidor. .33c 12 - quart MiiK 37c
Pans 37c j
■*• 5-<jt. Tea Kef.le..7oc Family Colander. 3Bc I
n 2-qt- Dipper 3«c 2-quart Preaerv-
-10-in Pie Piaes..lSc ing Kettle 56c
4qu Berlin cauce 2-pc. fruit Fun-
•69 Pans 62c nels ..'. 13c
' Iff *"'' Measures.. ..32c 2qc Tea Pot 34c
| 18x18 -Inch Foot 10-in. Chambers.. 43c
I "lub 78c 5-quart Pudding
441 1'an5...... 31c
"[ MEN'S Including the
!|| WEARING latest blocks
f APPAREL, and new shades
iff . . Kesrular Sale
-j.;-v" :",' Price. ; Price.
IlVdora Hats ..$10i) *37
, I . Stiff Hats, spring Derby 150 50
252 Japanese straw 46 25
'1 ' Boys'Capg. 50 ■„. 29
Yachting Caps ..-.. ;;." Vft'." ' 19
Tra-veHns Caps. 35 19
Ml Boys' Turbans 28 ..6
■■■ Children's Sailor straw Hats 45 1»
Yotitns' straw Hats 60 29 [
Madras Shirts 150 57
, |i| Dress Bows 25 10]
I SI Initial Handkerchiefs 25 10 I
'f All-wool Sweaters 100 P5 j
celluloid Collars 15 08 I
k Suspenders 25 10 I
••• Piquet Tien.. IS 08
< If tiems' Fast Black Hose 15 10
o<>o "
. Ul AniFQ' Misses' Biarrlts SBc
I L^UILJ 4 Larse Pearl Buttons.... Boc i
SSS I/in 7- H.K»k Foster Heal Kid.. B7c
|y l\lLr • Ireffouse surde 65c 1
I 111 fIVF*» AU except Biarritz tormerly j
464 ULV " L * 3# »i 60.
111
T Reg. • Sale
Price. Price. !
' i<>> ITAWC All Feather $2 00 50c
■la l/\llO« Silk Gauze 300 $100
n ' Keal Ustricn....ls 00 7 61)
it» HANDKER- to a variety that j
W CHIEFS. baffles de scrip-
-11 / tion.
a 100 dozen Swiss Embroidered, cut to lie
100 dozen Swiss Embroiiered, cue to 13c I
100 dozen Swiss Kmoroidered. cut to 16c
i , 100 dozen Swiss Embroidered, cut t0.... '
! , 100 doz.-n Swiss Embroidered, cut t0.... 190
i TAVC One of our greatest de-
|! I\JI O« partments. No end to
" . the stock.
negular Sale
144 Price. Price.
•f Boys' Velocipedes « 200 $128
Girls' Tricycles 10 00 6 35
Iron Wagons 100 68
, I Lars:e Doil Carriage 125 71
5 Child's Oak Desk 100 57
Doorway Swiues 75 " 37
Wonderful Jumping Frogs. '.'5 11
The "Kins:" Air Rifle 100 63
II Satin Finish Crape Paper... 25 10
ill BOOK During this sale we will
• nFD'T sell all books at 20 per cent
]j ULr I. discount or more from
ill publishers' prices, and in
iff many instances much
" f lower.
Pub. sale
i i • ' Price. Pnce.
II 100 Titles. Cloth Bound Books $25 * 14
' 150 Titles, Gilt Top, Cloth
Bound Books.. 60 18
, . 200 i itlrs. for .toys and Girls 60 23
222 160 Titles Handy Volume
II ' Clussics 25 15
Or 7 for 1.
Dickens" Works, 15 vol 600 2 90
4 I Bui wer Lytton's Works. 13 vol 600 290
Ml K'Otfs Waverly Novels, 12 vol 75j 315
"A'cott" Books 150" 90
"Klsle" Booka 125 ' 73
II i "Brownie Books." 6 lilies . 150 90
2 a Chatterbox for 1896 126 a 6
' Webster s Unabridged Diction-
ary, sheep binding 83
The ••Standard Dictionary"
111 the latest, ana best, in-
-8 I dexed 1300 975
|| TRENCH MIXED CANDIES
During Sale 25c a Pound.
M 4000 TITLES SHEET MUSIC,
II lc PER SHEET.
•It 000000000
m NOTE.— During this sale our store will be closed at 6
!! I P. M. Open Saturday night till 10:3o. iA i
m H 1
JU ' 000000000000000000
If t
j| f 718-722 Market St. and 23-27 Geary St. I*
1 £3^3 1 3t3£3£^
: ;.;.- •• . ia. i
VASES Ftr Regular Sale
Bohemian Vases. 9-inch... 9 50 ' 37c ■• I
Bohemian Vases. 12-lnch... 75 53c It '
6-Inch Jardiniere!) 60 32c "
7-iuch Jardinieres . 75 45c
9-Inch Jar Jlu 125 75c 44 I
TOILET Everything that 11 '
Arroccnrmr should be on beau- 'ii ,
Accessories, ty's table. ii
Pears discerned Soap... „ .... ' 10c '
Cuticurafoap " * *l">l4c
Packers' Tar .50ap...... " ."".'..".*.*! !'l2vSo , ,
Cashmere Bouquet Soap 'i"c "' '
(.euunie "Virgin" Brand '"ca-iiile W '
soap, 3-1 b. bar i9 C I
Kirk's. J * r en 's and Pel's Soaps,' regular ]l
V 3 for 25c. per box. i7 C &t I
j Larse Vaseline . 7c aj jj |
jLa Blanche Face Powder, box \. '.'.'..".' 25c TF
Murray & Laninan's florid* Water. "39c
| Ko<er & (iallet's Peau d'Kspague Ex- |
j Gosneil's Cherry* "l ooth'p'aste".".'." 25c ff '
I sozodont 44 c '
' "L.erDy" Paient Curling irons "from 15c to :-tc Jl L
tenuine Tetlow Giasamer fowte' 10c **•
Geuume 'let low Swan Down I'owdvr '*'" 7c It
Imperial Tooth Powder.... '."""l7c Tf
Imported lootn Brushes. worth 15c 8c 1
i-row Nail Vrush, bone handle, wiDjred I t
worth 35c ,„ ' 18c ■■
Imported Bay Hum, from 25c to 13c I
loam uentifrice, ; a delicious" tooth
wash, from 25c t0.... lie , A
Nelsons Amicuse ;... .'.".'-".'..".VJ!!'.;;.".35c in |
STATIONERY.," I^" V PaP^r. : * *«sfapo- '
*-*"*leon," "Early Enelish," , i
"Koyal White". and -Kid Finish," all ••
_ sizes - lOcquire If
Envelopes to match, 25 for ..luc "
SSLVERWAREr Quadruple j| ;
WARRANTED. Plate. IT
Hezular Sale ii
_ . _ , Prii-e. Price- •• '
Bread Trays 1 i5O $ 9 II
Berry Dishes 150 89 "
Butter Dish 150 . 89
P clcl- Caster 150 89 44 I
Cake Basket 150 89 cOo
Dessert Set, 3 pieces 500 285 M
Kogeri & Bros. Triple-plate T
Teaspoons, set 80
Rogers A Bros. Triple-plate i
lablespio is, set . ' 160 •■ '
Rogers & Bros. Triple-plate I f '
Forks, set 1 60
••Sterling" P'ated Table-knives,
set. 70 If I
PHOTOGRAPHIC We are head- "
GOOnS quarters for 44 1
uuuu;> ' these lines. It '
Regular Sale
Dry Plates. 3i^x3y 3 , per Price. Price M
Drir Plates. 3U, X 3Y>. per doz.* 45 c 4«', ••
Dry Plates, 4x5. |,erdoz ©6 • 59 If '
Other sizes in proportion. - 1
Eiko-Cum- Hydro Develope-,
8-02. bottle 50 28 41 <
Eureka Developer. 8-07. bottle 60 20 II 1
Omega Touiug .-oluiion, 10-
OZ. bottlf 60 00
Solio Paper, Sy 2 x3% ; 15 10 (1 1 i
solio Paper. 4x* 0 la Si
Sollo Paper, 4x5 .7." £5 lfi II
Printing } l wmes. 314x414,
3Vi5x3y0.4x4.4x5 ■30 20 \\
Eastman's ABC outfit 160 Is 7 ** '
Pocket Kodak, card mounts" - 1)1
per hundred 40 -jq
Buls Eye Curd Mounts, per /
hundred 70 68 44 I
! DOLLS. Full patent jointed Dolls, ™
papier mache, with mov- ii .
ing wrists and sleeping •« '
eyes, full mohair wig. i ■
... Trie* Price, f2 j
14incheslong $ 60 $ 33 ft '
1^ inches loni,' 1 Z5 ' 66 '
21 fncnes lon« 165 ' 84 •
3- inches long 260 118 ft
All Klu Body. Jointed Hip-, and Knees * It 1
Fine Bisc Hfau with real human hair, Unoes S
and Stockings. ■ _">*
BICYCLES ~~ || !
Bargains in Bicycles, ii i
j 1896 Truss-Frame N '
FOWLERS $67.50 ij ,
'^:'[:- Fully Guaranteed. it i
! 1896 BEN HUR, ladies'. $45.00 ji
Regular Price $85.00. L !
High-grade second-hand Bi-
cycles from $25.00 upward. {! j
Snaps— TANDEMS— Snaps I
Also a Complete Stock of flf
BICYCLE SUNDRIES Uk
and BICYCLE CLOTHING ft?
At Special Prices During This Sale, v 1
■000000000 : . : *•THE DAY
SPENT IN
ARGUMENT
Taking of Evidence in the
Fair Case Not Yet
Started.
MR. DELM AS ALARMS HIS
OPPONENTS.
He Filed an Answer That Was
Most Difficult to
Down.
THE INTERVENOR'S POSITION
DEFINED.
When the Debite Finally Ended Mr.
Pierson Made tha P aintiffs'
Openin? Address.
That particular array of attorneys who
have gathered in Judge Siack's court to
dispute Mrs. Nettie R. Craven's claim to
ATTORNEY DELMAS Interrupts Mr; Pierson's Opening Address in the Fair Case.
two valuable pieces of property which she !
asserts wvre deeded to her by the late
Senator Fail, were treated to something
of a scare yesterday when the proceed iugs
in the great ca«e were resumed.
Ft was D. If. Del mas of Mrs. Craven's
counsel who exploded the shell that
caused the consternation, and it took the
opposing side the entire forenoon and a
pood part of the afternoon to wriggle out
of their dilemma. And it was all over an
innocent-looking little document that Mr.
Delmas filed with the clerk as soon as
Judge Slack declared court open, and
asked ti at it be made a part of the record.
This document was the answer of the
fielense to the complaint .in the case as it
was amended 'Wednesday afternoon by
the counsel fur tua plaintiffs. True, the
latter only essayed to correct a little error
in the complaint, but it gave the defense
the opening desired, and it was taken
advantage of in a twinkling. The answer
wns not what the plaintiffs' side bad
expected, for instead of being an elaborate
reproduction of the defense's cross-cor
n it was merely a denial of the
i haree3 in the complaint. It w*s ac
knowledged to be a clever stroke, for on its
lace, it seerued to deprive the legal
champions for the Fair estate executors of
tue best part of their threatened thunder.
It would narrow the great case down to a
fimple little trial to quiet title.
When these gentlemen t>ad recovered
from their surprise «they assumed an air
of nonchalance, and Air. Pierson, just to
show that he was not alarmed, remarked
to the court that ne supposed the trial
would be proceeded with immediately.
"But what about this change in the sit
uation ?" asked nis Honor.
"We see no cnange, your Honor," said
Mr. Pierson.
Judge Black devoted at least ten min
utes of careful study to the documents in
the case.
"My impression is," he said finally,
'that the situation here is very much
changed."
Mr. Pierson said he hoped not — in fact,
he thought be could convince bis Honor
that he was mistaken. The attorney then
proceeded to elucidate by declaring that
the issue was unquestionably the so-called
eouilable defense to Mrs. Craven's cross
complaint.
"How do you make it out that under
'lie present circumstances tbpre is still a
cross-complaint," slyly asked Mr. Delmas.
Attorney Charles Wheeler was up in an
instant with an inquiry as to whether or
not the defense had withdrawn its cross
<on> plaint.
"Our answer to your emended com
) !aint is quite clear,"' replied Mr. Delmas,
with a tantalizine smile.
iJ -'• Wheeler turned appealiagly to the
court and asked that Mr. Dslma? be in
structed to announce whether or not he
had withdrawn ;he cross-complaint.
Mr. Delmas was fairly twinkling with
satisfaction over the discomfiture and
worry of the other side, and when pressed
by Wheeler for a statement referred him
again to the answer a 9 being sufficiently
clear lor the nv»ruee man of inteliicence.
Judge Sack, doubtless wilh the view of
drawing Mr. Delmas into making an ex
tended statement of his position, said that
he wa« not quita sure, but he had an idea
that the answer and theamendnient would
not disturb the cross-complaint.
Sure enough, this had the effect desired,
for Mrs. Craven's chiel legal champion at
once took the floor. The origiual com
plaint in the case, he declared, was to quiet
title to the property at Sansorne and Pine
streets, of which property, the plaintiff
claim, Senator Fair way at the time of his
death the owner in lee simple absolute.
That complaint averred also ihat the de
iADdant, Mrs. Craven, had made an ad
verse claim to the property and a suit to
quiet title resulted.
"It is now discovured," continued coun
sel, "that an error was committed in de
scribing the property mentioned. To
their amended complaint we have the
right to reply as we see fit, and we have
done so. This is now a 6imple action to
quiet title."
The debate now became cenera!, and
authorities were quoted liberally. It
came to a close at 1 o'clock, when a recess
was ordered.
Judge Slack said, in conclusion, that he
thought Mr. Delmas was right in his
claims, but he preferred to consider his
books before deciding the point finally.
At the opening of the afternoon session
Attorney Delmas announced that after a
conference with his associates during the
recess the decision had been reached that
under the amended complaint the defense
had no further use for its cross-complaint,
and he therefore notified the court that
that instrument had been withdrawn.
Counsel for the plaintiffs evidently an
ticipated this move, for no sooner had Mr.
Delmas finished speaking than Mr.
Wheeler poppei up, lawbook in hand,
and said that the plaintirfs denied the
right of the defense to make the desired
withdrawal.
Judge Slack said be feared that a mis
understanding existed betwsen Mr. Del
mas and himself. He had not heard it
intimated, he saLJ, that affirmative relief
was asked for in the answer, as it was now
apparent Mr. Delmas intended.
The stenographic report of the morning
proceedings was called into requisition to
show that the court bad practically told
the attorneys for the defense thai they
could withdraw the cross-complaint.
"I did think this morning that counsel
had the right to withdraw it," interposed
Judge Slact. "but I have since consulted
the code, «nd I lind that such a course is
not permissible."
Mi. Del mas argued again, but the court
j would not change its ruling. So the cross
complaint will stand.
Attorney Pierson then made the open
: ing addrea to the court and jury for the
plaintiffs. For a long time prior to his
1 death, said the attorney, Senator Fair
was the acknowledged owner of the two
i parcels of property now in dispute. Upon
| bis death be left a will in which he be
queathed this property along with others
to his children. In this will be also made
j the avowal that be was not married, and
j was the father of no children other than
i those mentioned in the document, and
| declared further that all of the property
enumerated was his own and nobody had
any claim on it. Thin will was executed
on* September 21,1804. On December 2S
of the same year Senator Fair died.
Mr. Pier.'on began to warm up now, and
was going on to relate that Senator Fair,
just before bis death, gave instructions
that his will should be filed "the moment
the breath left his body," when Mr. Del
mas made an emphatic objection to any
such declarations being made in court.
Judge Slack agreed with Mr. Delmas
and promptly informed Mr. Pierson thai
he was supping over the bounds and must
desist. ;
"Gentlemen of the jury," said his Honor,
turning to the twelve men in the box,
"you will understand that this is merely
an opening statement. You must not
look upon it as evidence." • j
When Mr. Pierson resumed he devoted
his remarks by telling the jury what an
awfully bad woman they were" going to
prove Mr?. Craven to be. Mrs. Craven, he
said, went to Reuben H. L'oyd and
George A. Knight and said she had in her
possession a will executed by Senator
Fair later than the document tiled by the
millionaire's executors. This will did not
leave the heirs so seriously handicapped
as did the first one, so a. contract was
drawn up whereby Mrs. Craven was to be
paid $500,000 if she would produce tue will
and it should be found genuine.
. Mr. Pierson at this point grew argumen
tative again and was once mote taken to
task by the court. In fact all through his
address- be had to be continually inter
rupted by Judge black and cautioned by
him to bn more fair.
Mr. Pierson «rot into deep water again
before he bad said a dozen worts. He
attempted to have the "lead-pencil" will
{ ■town to the jury.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, APRIL 23, 1897.
"Not until after the document ban been
introduced in evident?," said the court.
"We dr>n't believe it ever will be," spoke
up Mr. DeuEon, one of Mrs. Craven's at
torneys.
Mr.Pierson cat his address rather short
after tuat. He told the jury that he and
his associates expected to prove that the
"lead-penciL" will was a forgery; that
was the sum and substance of the whole
story. One of their strong points, he said,
would be the showing that Senator Fair
on the Utith of November, 1894, republished
his will, and also provided a trust fund
with which any contest of his will should
be fought. Finally it would be proved, he
declared, that the deeds held by Mrs.
Craven were also invalid.
It was remarked as a significant fact
that in his opening address to the jury
Mr. Pieison had nothing to say about tue
forgery of the deeds. The Fair people
had said again and aeain that they would
place their lingers on the forger, and tell
where, and how, and why ana when the
crime was committed. But they did noth
ing of the Kind. Mr. Pierson spoke only
about the facts, or alleged facts, that are
already familiar to the public mind, and
on the BUDj^ct of the forgery and the
forcers was mute.
Mr. Delmas asked for and was granted
the privilege of making the defense's open
ing address before tue taking of evidence
began, but as the hour was now late an
adjournment was taken until Monday
morning, at which time he will speak.
JUDGE CURTIS ARRIVES.
An Eminent New York Lawyer
Here to Aid In Defending
the Pencil Will.
Ex-Judge George 11. Curtis, an eminent
lawyer of New York, who has been en
gaged in connection with Delmas & Short
ridae in the Fair will case, arrived here
last ni ght and is at the Palace.
Tue Judge is aoout 60 years old, with
gray hair and an expressive face and en
gaging appearance. He has been con
nected with some of th<» greatest will
cases in the country; as for instance the
Friedman. Boudon. Leslie ana John An
derson will cases. Other noted cases are
those of the New Yort Commonwealth
against Riddle, the case of the Atlas
Steamship Company, ca^e of Kentucky
against Buford and the well-known Coffin
case.
The Judce is a native of Massachusetts.
He was a member of the Now York Lecis
j lature from 1863 to 1869 and afterward
j served ior six years as Judge of the Ma
| rine Court. He has since then been re
j peatedly offered judicial and Congres
■ sional nominations, but always declined.
His attention has been given unreservedly
tc the nrnctice of law.
He said last nipht that he had been
trying for twenty-five years to get to Cali
fornia for pleasure, and now, after all,
business had brought him. He added
that he did not this early liko to say very
much about the rase.
DR. HUBERT'S MISSION,
Will Lecture to Raise a Six-
Thousand Dollar
Mortgage.
Rev. Philip Aklis Hubert, D.D., finan
cial secretary of Livingstone College at
Salisbury, N. C, has arrived in this City
and is making arrangements to deliver a
lecture here, the proceeds to be anpli'd to
a mortgage indebtedness of $6000 on the
instituion, which sum will be due June 1.
The college is a 'ree school for colored
boys and girl*, and is a literary and in
dustrial institution, the trades taught
being brickmaking, bricklaying, carpen
tering, cabinet-making, shoemaking, cook
ing, dressmaking, printing and agricul
ture. lOacu pupil is required to t>nv $8
per month lor his board and lodging*, or
perform that amount of labor on the
Bixly-ncre farm attached io the college.
Tne institution cost, including the site,
$ 100,000, and consists of four large bull
in^s, Stanford Seminary, Dodge Hall,
Huntington Ha!' and Ballard Hail, named
after Leland St.-.nford and Colits P.
Huntinctoi of California, and \V. c!
Dodge and St< pben Ballard, each of whom
donated $10,000.
The college is under the auspices of the
African Metho;list Episcopal Zion Church.
The bricks used in the buildings were
made and laid by tb» pupils and the lum
ber was cut and prepared by them. All
the bniidines were erected by the pupils.
In Germany the census is taken every
five years.
TO CUBE A COp IN ONE DAT.
Take I«.j at lye BromoQulnine Table Is. All drug
&uts leiuaa ike money uit laila to euro, 2&o
PICTURES
TAKEN IN
COLORS
A San Francisco Genius
Has Won the Secret,
Too.
MAY SOON STARTLE THE
WORLD.
He Can Make Nature Put All
Her Varied Hues on
Paper.
METHOD SIMPLER THAN THE
FEENCHM&K'S.
The Discov ry Is but Awaiting a
Final Perfection, for Which
Ha Is Struggling.
San Francisco is about to startle the
world with that long-expected marvel,
photography in natural colors.
M. Chassogne, a Parisian, ha« really
accomplished this scientific feat by pro
cesses that are his own secrets. Two
months or bo ago the success of Chas
sague's invention became the scientific
sensation of Europe, and the sensation is
still on. Yesterday some of these pictures
were shown for the first time in America
j when they were exhibited on Broadway,
i New York, and with the appearance of the
pictures everywhere the sensation will be
intensified.
Here in San Francisco a young scientist
is making photographs in natural colors
by a method that will make Chassagne's
wonder get off the earth into the histories
when it is got to working just exactly
rizht.
Tall assertion is made on the authority
of T. P. Andrew?, a well-known photo
graphic dealer and expert, and on* or two
! others. The inventor's name is a secret,
I as is his process, bat the fellow has nailed
the principle and has produced colored
photographs that are wonderful, it is
said.
By Cha=sagne's method an ordinary
sensitized plate is first treated by immer
sion in a secret solution/ Then fit is usad
in the ordinary way, and when developed
cannot be told from an ordinary negative.
The print is made from this . negative in
the orlinary way,, but on a sensitized
; paper treated wiui that same mysterious
solution. This print, agnin, shows noth
ing different from tue ordinary one. This
print is then passed successively through
thiee colored solutions— blue, . green and
red. The mysterious solution with which
the paper was treated has given it a power
of selection by which it takes up the
exact amount of each color present in the
subject of the photograph. So perfectly
is this done that every tint and shade is
reproduced. • . . t ■'..•■
'Our man is working on an entirely
different principle," said Mr. Andrews,
i while speaking cautiously, yesterday, and
| his method ii vastly more" simple. He
' says that his discovery is based on prin
| ciples of light and chemistry quite differ
| ent from those of the Frenchman." '
A year ago, as the reliable story is gath
ered, this local inventor who had for many
years been an expert amateur photographic
crank, had hit upon the secret of and had
made photographs in colors. He was pen
niless, wanted capital, and went to Mr.
| Andrews, who talkeii with one or two men
of large means. It was a business propo
sition wholly. The pictures were crude
and the process complicated and uncer
tain, though the principle and possibility
were there.
> The French invention has already been
sold to an English syndicate, which will
supply the plates, paper and liquids and
sell territorial rights to sell them. The
value of .the invention may. be judged
j from the fact that the company has ju»t
refused £30,000 or nearly $150,000 for the
I right to Germany, besides paying a royalty
on all sales. The 1 quids are to be manu
factured exclusively in Paris by M. Chas
sagne and shipped thence to the branch
1 establishments all over the world. .
-^■^■~ • ■■ NEW TO-UAT— CLOTHING . • •
LI KM 1 I
i I From New York
X ■ %
P. V U , ' , . ■..-: £ New York, April 15, 97. 3
I I \ A ' p.N. WOOD & CO., l
I / 541. Market St., ■. I
9 / %$) $ San Francisco. 3
? ywV^^ c Made arrangements with Riverside, Globe, 3
I /KfywA Oswego, Rock and Hawthorne Mills to purchase 3
If / 'A \ * tneir stock at old tariff rates. Force entire %
i / f ,\ S stock ready-made clothing ; must have money 3
I 1 \ l \G to meet obligations. i> 3
I / > - M. WOOD. %
a V / )° o
\) IN / gPgOOgggO<>PgOgOPPOPQOPPOQOPOOQ 0 0000 0 0 000000 OJ
b \gp^ J %=_/
I y Our unprecedented success in this great Tariff Clothing
I] ] . \ Sale is not the child of chance, but the ripened fruit of ever-
I .. I \ lasting lowering of prices.
I;; : \ \ . Our prices have always been at the lowest notch, but
|; ;j *v jS during this great issue we have pulled the throttle clear out
I I T ~T^ to the last notch, and the low-price train will run through to
I J~T to the last notch, and the low-price train will run through to
\ the last station until we have clothed the entire community
I I I VI in one of our garments, sold at one-half reduction— per
a JJ --^ cent off regular selling price.
1~~ ' ~ -&
I Sale Price $4.85. I Sale Price $6.00.
0 . Single and Double-breasted Sack Single and Double Breasted Suits, in
I Suits, in new fabrics and in all the latest | cassimeres, cheviots, tweeds and wors-
I shades; regular price $9 ; guaranteed teds; $12 is the regular price; guaran-
|) pure wool. teed pure wool.
I Sale Price $5.65. Sale Price $7.50.
I Single and Double Breasted Sack Exceptional values in Single and
j Suits, in shades of brown, Havana, slate Double Breasted Sacks, comprising all
i and overplaids ; regular price $10 ; guar- the latest colorings in exclusive designs ;
I anteed pure wool. . , regular price $1% ; guaranteed pure wool.
I Sale Price $8.50. Sale Price $10.00. OVERCOATS AND
f Cutaway and Sack Suits, in serges, c C f U ay ? 1 Sack l u Suits ' in v fancy TROUSERS.
. tweeds cassimeres and worsteds scotch cheviots, in the new brown, _ . : ,
I Farmer' price s7 7 oo Guaranteed gray and olive shades. Very dressy Overcoats in latest styles from
I Durewooi Guaranteed Regu|ar $2Q yal^ Gu arantee d $3.75 to $10. Trousers, guaranteed
I. p "v.. . pure wool. pure wool, at half cost, $1 75 to $3.
! Remember, the Government estimates an increase on
wool alone of $2 £,000,000, and we could not run any
chances, so overstocked our warehouses in New York,
I!.; and now we must have money to meet the obligations
I extended us by the banks.
I Our success was so great that we advertised to
I keep open our doors till 8 P. M. to accommodate the
a .'.'.'. • throngs, but the crowd was so large that we found it
I impossible to close the doors till 9 P. M., when our
( force of help was worn out, and we cried halt till the
[force of help was worn out, and we cried halt till the
morrow.
Come early if you can.
I : (COLUMBIAN WOOLEN MILLS),
154 1 _A.3R,E£EIT STREET
I DIRECTLY OPPOSITE SANSOME. MAIL ORDERS FILLED DURING THIS SALE.
y By Special Request We Will Keep Open Every Evening Until 8 o'clock Daring This Sale ; Saturdays Until 10 P. M.
910
THE COMMERCIAL WORLD
SUMMARY OF THK MAIiKETS.
Rain is needed.
Silver weaner.
Wheat Futures higher.
Barley advancing.
Oats, Corn and live unchanged.
Small shipment of Flour to China,
Hay shows nolaprovemeau
Beans and heeds dull.
No Onions arrived.
New Potatoes and Rhubarb lower.
Asparagus advanced.
Butter, Cheese and Kggs quiet.
Ducks and Pigeons lower.
Strawberries and Limes higher.
Dried Fruit flat.
Provisions unchanged.
Explanation.
The arrow flies with the wind. The top f!eui««
at station indicate maximum t«-roperatur» for the
flays- those underneath it. If any. the amount or
raiiiTall, of melted snow in inches and huudredtbs,
during the past twelve hours. Isobars, or soliq
lines, connect po!n s of equal air pressure: bo
therms, or dotted lines, equal temperature, lhe
word "UiKh" means hUh barometric pressure aud
Is usuaUy accompanied by fair weather: "low
refers to" low pressure, end is tiMially preceded
End accompanied by cloudy weather and rains.
•■Lows" us. .ally first appear on the Washlneton
coast. When the pressure is high in th« interior
and low along the coast, and the isobars extend
north and south alon: th.' coast, rain Is probable:
but when the "low 1 - Is inclosed with isobars of
marked curvature, rain south of<»re?on is improb
able. With a "hieh" in the vicinity of Idaho, anil
the pressure falling to the California coast, warmer
»e»tfcer m»y be expected in summer and colder
weather In winter. The reverse of these conditions
will produce an opposite result.
WEATHER BIKEAU RKrORT.
United Status Dkitartmekt of Agkiccl/
-•JTRK. w'eathek blibkau, SAN FRANCISCO,
April 22, 1b97, 5 P. v. —"i he following are the rain
falls for the pant -■» hoars and seasonal rainfalls
to dale, as compared with ihose of the same date
last season :
1 ureko, past 24 ours .00, this season 49 10,
last season 13.01; Ited Blaff, pa*t 24 hi urs .00,
tnls season "J4.OS, last season 17.75: tan Fran
risio, past 24 hours -o'>, this season 22.61, lust
season 17. 62; Fresno, past ..4 hours 00. this sea
son 10.68. last season 6.3): san Luis Obisjo, past
24 hour 3 .00. this season 10 71, las: season 16. : 6;
l.i" Ancelet past -4 hours .00, this season 16.74,
lan: sensou 8.94: ban l:i>-gG, pest '24 hours. oo,
this «n».o!i 21 63, last season 5.86: Vuma. pau
•-"-: hours .0 l, this season 6.35, las! season .88.
San Francisco aa: Maximum ttmperatura
66, minimum 48, mean 57.
Weather condition i and general forecast:
An area of high pressure is Oentral this evening
off the coa»t of Washington and the lowest press
ure is reported from Arizona. 'I lie ptessur- di
miiiUh) s rapidly from Of»-i.'O.i to Ariz Dm. This
condition it causing high cortuerly winds through
out Callton a and Nevada. At i«• i B inT the
wind attained a velocity of 30 wiles: at Kureka
and Fresno the wind attained a velocity of 26
miles. The relative humidity in iuleiior valleys
Is only from 10 to -JO per cent oi saiura i< n Con
ditions are lavorable tor rqia!!y hum winds Fri
day. when the air will probably be both dry and
warm. The occurrence of this norther at the
present time is likely to came some anxiety, as
only one light shower has occurred in lie past
three weeks.
Forecasts made at San Franetsco for 20 hours
ending at midnight, April 23, 1897:
Northern California— Fair, warmer Friday; a
Bevere norther.
Southern Ca'ifornia— Fair Friiar; warmer in
the interior and in San Luis ObUpo; a moderate
»»or.her in the interior ; brisk northwest winds on
the coast.
.Nevada— Fair; warmer Friday; a moderate
norther.
iMah— Fair Friday; a severe norther.
Arizona— hair lrloay: a severe norther.
Kan Frmicisco ani vlrinty — Fair, warmer Fri
day; fresh northerly winds nUn oft shore.
W. 11. llammon, 1 oreca.it Official.
>*.TV YOI'.K -i i!:hi;iv
j>'EW YORK, S. V.. April 22.— Trading In
■locks was in moderate volume at the outset and !
alishtly lower prices prevailed. Internationals
were most prominent in the reaction. Pi ofit talc
ing in industrials accelerated the decline.
'1 ne general list made progress in the first hour
toward lower plane, wi.h loi&es averaging sharp
fractions.
For the first time in many years Jersey Central
attained the distinction of being more extensively
dealt in than any other stock on the Kxchange to
flay. Buying appeared 10 be. chiefly to over j
Ebor s. Western L'uion was near y as a. tive as i
Jersey Cenua, but wuvod in the opposite direc
tlon, sustaining a net loss of IVL- points. Ihe re- i
mainder of thelis: was nrglecieU. Even In iSuuar j
fining transactious did not foot up 10.000
shares The market in the main showed a ten
dency to sag. 1 The > losing was dull, bat in the
main stead, at a sight recovery from the lowest
pri.es, which left a m jonty oi the list fractionally
lower Mian yesterday.
Government bonds quiet, railway bonds moder
ately active. The trend of prices wa, 1 upward,
causing fractional gair.a.
STOCKS AND BONDS.
Openbiff. ' Closing.
American Sugar i.a 7o $11-_' So
American suear I'M
American To.jacco 70 00 70 00
American Spirit M.r co . ill 37J^
Atchtson 10 l'Ji/a 10 li;J /2
.hay M..ti-i.Hi . 9to
Canadian Pa<ltlc —';':' ■,-.-< m
Central Pacific — —
Chicago iias. 8160 8137 m,
C. B. A Q 72 00 ■ 7160
Con. Gas
< or das e
< ordage Hfd
Denver & Kio Grande Pfa.
Delaware & Lackawaaa.... t
trie
«>eneral Klectrlc m> 75
Hocking Va ley ■—
' Jersey lennd tO 25 si 371/,
Kansas <fc Texas. I'M S7 12% .
Ijiho Shore — — — IBS 25
Louisville 6c Nashville 43 50 43 25
Mannatian Cou 84 87Vi Mill
Missouri i'aciriu 16 37i<,
National Lad ; 22 V 5
New liaveu 170 00
New York <& >ew Ktiglanl. — : —
New York • en:ral 98tf2i^' '99 00
Nfirth I'acific 12 00 1200
North I'aci lie, Via 34 75 84 50
■ Nor. h western « 104 Oj ~ 1U3.0
North American 3 75
>aviiration 10 00
Oregon Navigation, Pid.... ■ 40 00
Pacilic 26 25
Pullman
Quicksilver (Con hn%-e). 100 00
Kock Island 62 25 t>2 Ou
Keadlng. .....^. ... 18 12V a 14tS2Va
f-ouihern Pacific 14 60
St. Paul 7175 71 62JU,
Texas Pacific ■ ,
Tennessee Co^l & 1r0n..... — — —
Union Pacific. 625 576 '
V. >. I^-ther.... ' ••
B. S. Leather, Pfd 6100 ' MMI :',
Western Union..... 80 50 <: -"; 79 .-17 iv.
a baa n, Pfd _ t^S
Sar 5i1ver... :.......;...:..: .-;*. ...$ tji 18-16
Sterling on London, 60 days. ■. 4 87 y a
Sterllnc on London, sight.."...-..: .....4 89'
U. S. .'s. reslstered. ...: 9« 60
FINANCIAL.
CHICAGO GRAIN, PROVISIONS
AND NEW YORK STOCKS.
WMEELOCK & CO.,
4 LeldeedorlT St., Tel. Main. 1954.
• • C.V.NTBAL OI'J'ICK -■ .' ..-. j .
623 Market Su, Palace Hotel. Pur ly & Atkinson,
• 'Managers. Tel. .Main 6144.
Uptown Office— Baldwin Uoie! (adjolDlnr UriU
Koom)- Tel. Main 1..91
PUROY. ATKINSON & CLAPP. Manager*.
Orders instantly executed on latest market quo
tatlona. iUferenee Ist Katlonai Bank. H. jr?
ISIOAQU mVA» WUUt, HjKtf YoiUK.
U. a 4's, new 123 60
I". >. 4's, new, coupon 124 60
U. S. 4'» :. 11l ftO
U. S. 4's.couu 112 7*
U. 8. £'s 313 25
U. t>. 6's, coupon 11 4 60
WHEAT- ]0:X0 11:00 12:00 1:00 2:10
May Kits 811/,, sus»k H!>i HO
Jul>- 79Vi 7 ! .v 8 7l?^8 78% 7-Vi
September 76^s 76y 8 75^ 70 75 l /4
bpi>t. tmrly active and eaas ci : f. a h. afloat
No. 1 Northern sprny. New York, 83V^@3334c;
No. 1 Northern spring. Dulutb, me; Nu. 3 h'urd
winter. '•9",4, c; No. 2 Imrd winter, 81c.
Future c.osln<;: Apri.. eOVic: Mac, 60c; June,
/8 c; July, 78V4: Si-pteaitjc-r. 75X4c; December,
7-i 4 c.
PIDUR- Winter In bWs, superfine, 52 75@3;
-No. 2 extra. S3 20@3 SO; No. 1 extra. $3 -Kt'to
8 80; clears. $3 45(gj3 85; straights, $4 So@4 50:
patents. 54 tili.a . «0.
GRAIN FREXUIiTS-A'ew York to Liverpool,
by steam, 2i-id.
Produce.'
PROVISIONS-Lard. Prime. $4 85.
PORK -> trm but dull Mess. $8 75@9 25.
TALi.OW-3 3-1603V4P.
SUUAK— Cuba, centriiugal, 3V4".
HlDES— lbiy^c
•i .(i Fruits.
There is some improvement in prices for fancy
fruits, wnich »re scarce. Trad", however is dull,
buyers only takinic enough 10 cover actual wants,
mm: are the principal feature of the market
b- c .use of theiirieco-Turklsh war and the expecta
tion of a bict) tar.iT.
CUKItANTn— Aro quoted at 4i4@4y a -; In bar
rels and 4Va(&'> 1 > in cases: cleaned bul*, 6Vs@tsc;
cartons, 6(gi7c.
KAXaXN Si— California, 50 Ib boxes, 2^ic: crown,
4 (t;')fi-: seeded, 1 *> @->it,c: seedless muscatels,
sV»(ff^ 3 /ic.
1 iU'.\ES-Callfornla, 25-lb boxes, 4@7%c; 60-
Ib boxes, 2 @7c.
PEACHE^-Californla nnp«>»iled, b»s». 6@Bi,ic;
boxes, 7«s@9V<jc: pe«led, 12@1 5c
APRlCOTS— California, boxes, B@lsc; bags, 8
©lie.
WALNUTS-California standard, 6@6%0; soft
shell, 80.
ALMONDS— SheIIed, 16@r9e.
DaT»— Persian, 60-lb boxes, 2%@4i4c: fard,
boxes, 4Si@sc; cases, s%(a)oc.
Fins— i-aucy ordinary, l'.'@lSc; fancy washed,
21 (ft'J4c.
CITRON- Fancy, boxes, 11@12%c.
CUICAUO JIABKEW.
CHICAGO, 1t.!,, April 22 In provisions prices
were easier, with a dull to liberal movement of
ho^s and considerable '-long" liquidation in May
lard. Packers both bought und sold. Trade, both
cash and speculative, was extremely dull. Ribs,
however, were in good demand ana steady. In
livestock the receipts were small and the market
Inactive.
WHEAT— 9:30 10:00 10:30 11:00 11:30
M *r 74Vs 74Vi 74 Vi 737^ 78*4
July 7«V* 74% 7»C 73 " 7i;7
September 71^ 71 1, 2 703, i. 70 70
1^:00 12: 0 l:«K) 1:15
ADril
May 741/s 7: £/
July 73*1 7 .''i/ 8 - — —
ftpituibtr 701/4 —
BARLEY-24@av;c.
CORN— April. -4S/ 8 c: May.'i'.s/.a
OATS— April, 16% c; Slav, 17V«t«alMic
RYE— 3S»/ic *
i LAX -7 1c
Produce.
PORK— April and May, $8 47.
LARD— April ad May. si li.
RIBS-Aprll and May, $1 70.
BUTTEK-Market firm at 16c for Western. Re
ceipts 46t0 tubs.
EGGa— Western quoted at BV4C Receipts 8700
cases.
Livestock.
IlOtiS-Ligat, *3 90©4 12%; mixed, S3 95(»
4 l*Ji.i>: heavy, ?3 5(ja,4 12%; rousb. *:< 65i<£;-> 80.
Rtce.pts 21 000; packers bought 19.300 snippers
bUOO. istimateii receipts to-morrow I^,ooo.
CATTLE— Beeves, $3 *>b(g,b 40: tows aud heif
ers. $2 00&4 4J; Texas sen-, *3 40&4 40: slock
ers aod feeders, $3 40®4 45. KtCeipta bOOO. Esti
mated receipts to-morrow 1000.
SHEEP— Native sii-ep,43<&>; Westerns, «3 70
©5: lambi, $3 50&5 90. Murkel firm. Receipts
cHWUL '
FOKEIoN MARKETS.
London.
LONDON, Exo.. April 12.-Consols. 111%: sil
ver, 28 6-16J; French rentes, 102f 35c.
Liverpool.
WHEAT — Firm. No. 1 standard California
■wheat, 82a 6d; cargoes off co?st, firm little doin^;
cargoes on passage, firm tint little <ioi..g: English
country markets, partially ad lower; Liverpool
wheat. No. 1 CahforniK, tii 4^id@6s a d; wiieat
in Paris. easy; flour in I'aris, ettiy; imports into
United Kingdom for week, 257,000 bbld Hour and
2-9.000 quarto; » wheat.
LOTlON— Uplands, 4y B tl.
KUTirBEa.
I he Produce Exchanse cable elves the following
Liverpool quotations for No. 2 P.ed Winter: May,
bs 2Vsd: Ju:y. 6s v.'.-jil: September, 6s Id.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days.; — {4 87%
Sterling Kichauge, sight [ — 48?
(Merling Cables j... — 4 88%
New Vurk Exchange, Bight — 17i/»
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — UO "
>iue silver, per ounce — 6113-16
Mexican Dollars 49Vi 60
PEODUCE MARKET.
WHEAT AN,. OTiiJili GRAINS.
WHEAT— Futures advanced again, but fell back
somewhat afterward. Spot values were undis- ]
turbed. Quoted a: $1 i;y 2 u.l iT-'i/j Tfr ctl lor ]
common grades, fl 25@i MTV, "j* ctl for average
No. 1, Jl 30 lor choice and #1 Ss@l 42% "$, ctl
for extra choice mil. lbs: Sonora, $1 30(3.1 35 for
No. 1 and *1 40 for m.l in.-.
I'A 1.1. liOARU SALKH.
iNFOKMii, M-.SSION— o'clock— December—
2000 cis, $1 183/4: 10, "00. $1 lt»Vi: 10 000
f I 191-2 > ay— -000. $1 Ut>*/4: 2 00. $1 26%;
j SXOOXO >-ksM(i.n — I>eceisoer —'- -1,000 ells
$1 20: 14,000, $1 2Ui/i: 6000, $1 20%: 26,000*
$1 101 8 . .May — 40U0, »1 2bVs
Regular Mornjxo BBMUi — December —
16,000 ens. ? 19.%; 12,000, *1 laS/4; 2000,
*1 20: 16.000. *1 19- 8 . -"'■. /4
Aftkenoos bßßSiox — December— 2ooo ctl<i
81 MVt: .0.000. $1 i! 0S /8 : 10.000, «1 20%'
{ 16.000, 51 20*4. Mav-£Uoo,sl 26: 6000, $1 -J6&!
BAIiLhY- ury weather U beginning 10 harden
the market, and boih spot and future prices are
advancing. Fiea, 67%fc72J^,c; Brewing remains
nominal.
' CALL BOA BO SALES.
informal skmsion— o'clock— December—
20 0 ens 71V 8 c: 2000, 713/a<:; i; 000, 71Vac; 4000,
1 1 6, b e.
hKCOND Session-— December— 6000 ctlg, 72i/c
--■ 2000. /4 c; 20U0. 72l/ 2 c; 2000, 72%^: iOoO,
72^* c.
liKorLAR Moksino Session — December— 2ooo
c:K /-^%c; 2UOO, 73c.
akteesoo.v .^kssiox— May— 2ooo ctls, 74c. De
i cember— t.Ot/0. 74y 2 &
OATS— l'alr demand at previous prices. Milling,
I $1 15@1 M: Fancy Feed. $1 25<g.l 30: common
Whin-, $I@l 10; >:ood to . hoice. *1 1-jv4®l »\>y~-
Black lor feed. 95c<fti#l 05; Gray, »1 iowl 171A
burorlse, *1 35@1 40 f, ell.' (lipped Oats sell $1(«
2 per ton over ;neraw product.
COR.\ — Large Yellow, SS(a,9oc; bmall Kound do
97Vfec; White. 80@85c r ctL
RY *•' "T'lOni'.jfi ft m.
BUCKWIir.AT— Quoted at 81 15©1 25 ft Ctl.
*XOUfl AM) MILXSTUFKS.
The China steamer look out only 4069 barrels
flour.
FLOUR— Net «ash prices are: Family extras,
$«75@1><5; Bakers' extras, $4 60@4 65; Super
fine, if-.(a,4 35 ** bbl. . .
COn.Njii-.A1., ETC— Feed Corn, $17 60018-
Cracked Corn, $IS#l9 3 ton.
. HjliLttTVlfim Prices in sacks are as follows,
usual discount to the tra'l": i,rah»ni Flour $2 85
V, 100 lbs; l.ye Flour. $2 50 V 100; Kice Flour,
$.". 75; Cornmeal, ifiioiJ i.5: extra cream do, (2 75,
Oatmeal, $3 50; Oat Uroats. »4: Hominy, ?3 iO(«
3 3-; wheat Flour, *3 25r#.l 50; Cracked
Wheat, ?350; Farina, $4: Whoie Wheat Flour
*«: Rolled Oats (bbls). ?4 75@5 15: Pearl Barley'
S3 75®4; Split Pens, 83 50; Green do, $4 V 5 f - 100
lbs. 1 ;-'„■■■■= v - " ■' : :'-
HAY AM) FKEUSTUFFS.
Rain Is needed everywhere and complaints are
coming in, but Hay dots not Improve.
liKAN— 513313 SO. for the best and f12@12 60 1
%» ton lor out ide brands.
MIDDLINGS — *17@1H for lower grades and
$18 6u@l9 US ton for the best.
rKKUSTUI'r'.s _ Rolled Barley, *15@15 60
Oilcake Meal at the mill, $26 60 $ ton; Jobbing,
HAY — Wheat, $B@lo 50; Wheat and Oat. $7r<&
10; Oat, $6@B 50: Barley, $6 5O(g»»; Alfalfa, *6
&7 X : compressed, »6@9 60: mock, $s®«; Clo- !
ver, !ffa(jf ß Tfi ton.
BTKAW— 2S«SOc «* bale.
JiKANS AND SEEDS.
All descriptions are very dull.
BKA.\s-Bayos quoted at $1 75@195; Small
Whites, $15*1 i;Operctl; Large Wnltes, $liai 20
* ell; Pinks. SI 05(«,l 'JO; Reds, $1 10@l 20-
Blackeye, «1 60©l 75; Bed Kidney. $2@2 60: Ll*
mas. $1 50@l CO; Butters, $1 25@1 50. Pea, »l 10
@1 20.
sKKDS-Brown Mustard, $2 60f<12 75- Yellow
Mustard. $1 50* ctl; Flax .SI °0 a ctl • Cana.v
6eed, H^ V Jc C ; » tb; Alfalfa. 6v"cT Kape, '"'^
2SAc; Hemp. 3c: Timothy. 41/2 C.
$1 25(g,l 40 «* ctL "^-y of 20 * **• oreen -
POTATOES, ONIONS, VEGETABLES.
No Onions came in. New Potatoes are lower.
Receipts of Asparagus are falling eff, owing to the
cold weather, and prices are higher. Peas continue
In heavy supply. ■>:.- i 
Potatoes —New potatoes. l@liAo "9, Tb-
Hweet lotatoe-, t $i@l 75 * cil; Early Kose 65*j
70c V ctl; River iteds, 70@75c: Burbank- seed
linns, OUftttiOc ■© Cll for Riven ntid 60&80 c for
J'<- a.umiii: Oregon Burbanks. 66c(a$l. . -
ONlONS— Or^con*; $A 1:5(8,3 50 %» ctl. Cot On
ions. *1 26c<tl 7& ♦* sa> k. .\ivaCas. s:-; v.i>(d,i so.
Australian Onions jobbing at *s(a.> 50 t' ctl.
VK<.>JTABI,r S-Recelms were 661 boxes A«
paracus 57 ti boxes Rhubarb a d 1452 sks Peas.
' Hothouse Cucumbers »re quotable m 60c($$l 9
dozen; AspaiaKUs, 76c@$l 25 » box for common,
$1 .'O.ll- for choice and $2 25 V box for fancy;
Rhubarb, 2&@loc lor ordinary and Ouau&c for {
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, APRIL 23, 1897.
choice Unre; Marrowfat Squash. $t'@7 •$ tort;
Dried Peppers, tlro>c ft lt>; Green Peas. 40(jj,75c %*
park; Los Ant;. -leg >inuit Deans V Ib:
I)rle.l Okra. S@l«i- » R>; Cabbage. 75<$85c -^ cti;
Carrots, 26@<S0c %» sack: Garlic, I%®2c * Ib.
liCTTKK, IHEKSE AND JKGGS.
All descriptions under this head are quiet and in
ample supply at the old prices.
BtTTTHK-
Ckkamkrv— Fancy creameries, 3 3@1 3 Vic; sec
onds. l'_'®l2i-3C v ib. : .
Dairy— Choice to fancy, ll@l2c H Ib; lower
gra<l-s, B@l c.
Tickled— l 3y 2 4c 1 It, for new.
3'ißKiN— l3iai4c $( It) for new.
CiiKAMEKY Tub— New. 14c is Ib.
CHtKSK- Choice mild new, 2 {d7c Tfr Ib: com
mon to good, 6iAf<£oc: Cream Cheddar, 10@llc:
Younx America, 7@Sc; Western, lie; Eastern, 13
@15cf*lb.
H-Ranrh Eggs. 1 U^ol2c; store Eggs, 10
@llc V doz; Duck Eggs, 140.
POULTRY AM) GAME.
POULTRY -Ducks are decllutng rapidly. Small
Broilers and Pigeons are lower. No her changes.
Live Turkeys.' 14@15c for Gobblers, 14©15 c for
Hens: G-ese %< pair. SI 50; Goslings. $2@2 60:
Ducts, *S .'o@4 for old and $5 bO(£7 tor young:
Hens. *4@5; boosters, young. S7ffiß; do, old. *4<vu
4 b.>; fryers, $6 sl'(<£S: broilers, *4 5U@5 60
for large and *2 25@3 25 for small: Pigeons, 91 60
@2 V doz for young and $; •_' .'»(«] 50 for old.
GAME— itarc-, nominal : Rabbits, uorulnuU I
DECIDUOUS AST* OITKUS FRUITS.
berries sold higher under smaller receipts
limes are also held higher. No other changes.
Receipts of Strawberries were 6 chests.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Strawberries. 60c ¥ drawer for large and 80c®
$1 lor small.
Apples. »I@2 f, box.
CITUUB ITS— Navel Oranges are quotable
a *2@3 60 9 box; Seedling*, $I@l 60 %i box;
Mediterranean Sweets, $1 26@ 1 60 %* box: Lem
ons, 75cQ,$l '25 lor common and $1 50@-' 25
for pood to choice; Mexican Limes. $6467' • b>x;
California Limes. 75c@$l %> bx: Bananas, $I@2 %i
bunch; Pineapples, $2<g)4 f* doz.
DRIED FIiUIIS, KAIsINS, NUTS, ETC.
Business Is flat.
DRIED FRUlTS— Quotations are as follows:
reaches, 4@5%c ?» tb; fancy, 6c $ lb: peeled,
7(iillc; Apricots, 6@Bc; Moorparks, 10@12c;
evaporated Appes, S@sy a c: sun-dried. i@3c;
Prunes. 2%@;!!»ic for the 4 sires: white *lgs, 3c;
Plums, 4,«.4V,c tor fitted and l@iy a c for unp.l
ted: Nectarines. S^@6y 3 c^ for p»ime to fancy:
Pears, 2 V-jia4c for wnole, 2i /a <g,si; for quarters ana
S(cu c for halves.
RAISINS—
Kour-crown, loose. 5«4<;: 3-erown. 414.-; 2-crown.
M%C V- Ib; seed ess Julianas, 66£5V>c: seedless
j Muscatels. 43. 2 e; 3-crown London layers, il@l -ib:
I clusters, Si .'hi; litliesa clusters, $1' 50; Imperial
I clusters, $.' 50; dried grape* out.
M."!'*)— Ches:uuts quotable at 8(§il0c: Walnu's.
6y 2 ©7 c tr* Ib lor stundard and 9ffl9Vic * lb for
soiistiell: Almonds, 6426V«c for Languedoc, it®
3y 3 c for hardslieli »«iid B^Pc *< ft. for papershel :
Peanuts, 4(tt.60 "ft Ib tor Eastern and 4c ior Cali
fornia: Hickory Nuts, . ntic 'if, Ib; Pecans, 7 Va'*
be %* Ib: Filberts. 7i /2 @Bc; Eiazii Nuts, 7y»CJbc:
Cccoamits .»s(d.') 50 «t 100.
Hu.\KY-(.'omb, lo@l2Vsi forbrlchtand s®9c
tor lower grade*; water-white txiraotfd.s@si.jc:
liuht amb-r extracted, 4V^@4%c; durlc amber,
4t»4^,c; dark, :Y^c'# Ib. '"
BKKbWAX— 22@25c %^ Ib.
PKOVISIONS.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. 71/3 C 9 Ib for heavy. 8e
» Ib for iight medium, \>c tor Ujht. 10c V Ib
for extra light and 12c t> lb for sucar curel East
ern sugar-cured llams, J-'tjc V It.: California
Hams, lie V IT.: Mi'n Bc«t 99 «* bbl: extra
mess do. $9 50: family do. .fl i«UO fit): extra
prime Pork, $S 60: pxira clear. $14 «* bDI: mess,
11! f bbl; snio«<vi I'.ip". iUc »( lb.
I.vUl) — KasMra tieroaf »re quoKKl at J^ic for
compound and HUe tor pure; palls. 7c; Cal
ifornia tierces, 4>/j.c tor compound and si/tc for
ture: half-bbN, 6' ••■■: If- rb tins. 7c; iio 5-lb 7V4C
COT'IoLtNE— oc in .lerces aud 7»i&tßVsC In
10-n. tins. __,
niDKS, TALiOX', WOOL. AND HOPS.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell lc
under sound stock. Heavy sailed steers, tic; me
dium. 7c ? tt>: light, 0-j®7c: Cowhides. 6Vi37c; !
Macs. 6c: salted Kip. tt<tVc t* Ib; salted Cn'f, TVHto:
salted Veal, 6©7 c: dry Hides. lS^9lSc; culls and
j DraiM*. 9VB(o-i0c fi Ib: Cry Kip and Veal. 9©lUc:
dry Calf, ,Bcj culls, 10c; Goatskins 20@35ceuch;
Kids, sc; Deerskins, cood summer. 25c f» Ib;
! medium, 20c; winter, 10c; sheepskins, nhear
-1 linns, 10@-.0.- each: short, wool, 2V&4OC each: I
! medium. 4U!i>riOj each; lung wool', t(j(cC7sc eacn:
TALLOW— No. 1. rendered, 2»/i@3c ft tt; Na 2,
2J/ac; retlaed, sc: lire.ise, ac > It..
WOOL— rtprlnjt clip Is quoted as follows: Jtoun
ta!n. ll@l4c t* Ib: Foothill. 1031121/20: ban Joa
quln, year's clip, 7@loc; do, seven mouths, 8«llc
%4 &■: Nev dat, lU#l4c; Eastern Oregon. 7(s>loc.
HOI'S— 6ta.se tor lair to choice and 'j^jlUt ft H
for fancy.
GENERAL. M I.RCII ANDISE.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bat;*, spot, sS,^c; June-
July delivery, 5 : U": & »n Quentln, 4>5 40; Wool
Bags. V4@.27c.
COAL— Welling. on Is quotable at $8 "$ ton;
New Wellington, $S per ton: .-outhrtelcl \Velllng
; ton, $7 50 V ton: heattle, $5 &> V ton: Bryant.
35 60; Coos liny, $4 7.'. V ton: Wallsend, $7
ft ton: Cumberland. $13 60 •> ton in bulk and $15
in sacks: Pennsylvania, Anthracite Egg, $lU<sl2 t»
ton; Welsh Anthracite, $8© 10; Cannel, $8 V ton:
Jock Springs, Castle Gate and Pleasant Valley,
{7 80; Coke. *11®12 in balk and*l3 'ft ton in ska. |
SUGAR— The Western >ugar Itetlnlne Company
quotes, terms net cash: I übeatid Crushed and Fine
crushed. Be; Powdered, fiVbc; Dry Granulated,
4y 8 c; ContectlcnerV A, 47/ 8 c: Magnolia A. 4»«%c;
Extra C, 43 c: Golden V, 4V4C: Candy Granulated,
be; half barrels Vie more man barrels, and boxes
I i/2 c more.
I SAX FKANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
Wholesale rates f ->r dressed stock from slangh
tercrs are as follows:
BKEF— First quality, 8c: second do. s@s>j4o;
third do, 4a4Vbe V. tb. .
VEAL— Lare<*. 6rit6c: small. 637 c Ib.
MUTTO.N— Wetbers, sVi«4tsc; Kwes, 5c 9 lb.
LAMB-SpritiK. 6»/s®7VjC %* lb.
PORK— Live Ho;s, 3' 2 c for larsie and 384®
4c for small and medium; soft Hoes, •^i(A3c:
dressed do, SOti^c.
KliCiilPls OK I'ROIiUCU. "
ron '•* houm.
JTTfinr. or *ka ... ".',81 4! i.utu.- cv».. „ 421
Oregon 3,:-i9i Cti*eie. cm, _ 287 1
\v ashingu>n... 3,078 Kegs, co».. ."— 22.200 j
VS h«Bu cvi ... 720 Hktet, no."] ' 610
Washington. M 10 Helts. bot«. "^ 77t»
Parley. r:ls. .. 6,VB'J Win* Kali. !!..^. 34,100
Oats, Wash, ctls. 2,6b0 Brandy, gals,... J.OOO
Corn. clli 2>>s|Wouu bis _ 641 |
leans, bim iOo leather, roui.... 130 1
I Potatoes, !.*»._ 4.456 Lime, obis ...... 1,;2
Oregon 474 ! Tallow, cilv. . . 28 i
Onions. s«>...^. Quicksllrer. fl»s^ 81
Hay. tons _ 695 Haxseed. W, sks 861
Iran. sic*... 340 Uops. bis.- 17
Middlings, ski.. 70 roxes 100
THE STOCK MARKET.
Mininj slocks were dull and prices showed little
change.
The Hale & Xorcross assessment falls delin
quent In office to-day.
The annual meeting of the Justice .Mining Com
: pany has been called for May 3.
■ The Jupiter Gravel, Mining and Water Com
-1 pany of Cttlaveras County has levied an assess
ment of 20 cents per share, delinquent May '.'4.
The Anaconda Copper Mining . onnany of Mon
tana has declared its first dividend this year at
the rate or $1 25 per share on its 1,200,000 shares
of capital siock. The amount of the dividend is
$1. 500,000, and It will make a total of $3,750,000
paid to date.
The Anchorla-Leland Mining Company of Colo
rado paid a dividend of one cent per share, or
$6UOO, on Apr! 15.
Mm Calumet and Ilecla Copper Mining Com
pany of Mich. nan will pay a quarter y diviaeid of
$& per s .are, amcuutlng 10 $500. to-day.
The Put timid Mining Company of Colorado paid
a dividend of one cent per share, aiuounuug to
•30,000 oi April 15.
In the Crown Point mine the south drift on the
seventh floor of the »00 level raise Is now out 128
leet, having been advanced 15 feet lor ihe week;
the face is In a mixture ot quartz and porphyry of
low as- say value They are raising from the south
end ot the south drift, tiOO level, in quarts assaying
from *t$ to $8 per ton, gold, which quartz is ceiun
suv d.
In the Joint Crown Point, Yellow Jacket and
Ki-ntuck consolidated drift, on the "sagebrush"
level, 50 feet lias been repaired during the week
total length 350 feet. '
Ttie yield or tie Belcher mine for the past week
amounted to 74 mining carloads if ore, the aver
ago topcar sample assay of which was $-'5 61 per
ton.
In the .Savage mine for the week ending April
19 the usual prospecting and repair work was dona
on the 500. 750 a.d 850 levels, with no changes of
special importance in the formation encountered
On the Brunswick lode, at suaf. 1. they have
finirhed upraising for a chute and are now cuttluir
out the station for the 600 level. On the 400 level
no work was done In east crosscut 2 during the
wetk. •
BOA Hi) f-AtES,
miOWIAR were the ««"«••« in the San Francisco
UrcV Eoard yesterday: ■ : r .
M9DLAR MOBNIJfO BICSBIOX. rnWVW»CTK<* P:SO.
160 CC<fcV...l.»o|lOO O A C... 331210 Union C 26
100 c Point.... l.|lou Mexcn....4b|iOU V -»* 07
*ITKKNOON HKSSION — 2:3).
400 8&8.....(36 600 Chollar.l.o:, I JOU 0nh1r...l OS
200 65 .OJ .........1.00 1100 fount. 65
200 CCdiV...1.75 2OJ U <£ C ..._32!10J » Nev....bU
■-■-■<» 1.65 ,01) Mxla 4Wuj *JaCK«t..26
600 1.70 |
Following wern Hie wu«i in ibe Pacific! block
lend yesterday:
.; kkri-lar *T-i>«Toir— lOrta
200 OF cOO CCA V-. 1.80,20) Potosl.. ..60
Sno Alt* 07 100 1.771/J OJ .....69
401) Andes 24 SOU ..l* A *o> t>»v»-c...5l
50 ' £«)coer...JK^O.) c Point 12 V" *00 M;.VM ..04
itOJ 1A B 68'5u0 U&y. . „..;>; iKJBSev..; .51
4UO inllion....li,Uoo H<tN... 9t JOO 61
},??. , Cal <1 »-- 13 ' 70U Julia. 0« 300 tJUlrd!..l.6B
20J Cba11«e....3 60u Mexican. .4NIOO .. 1%
SOU Ch0ir... 1.15J100 0cc1d......1S 30J l/iu00.... -IS
'29 .......... iy 8 185U 0ph1r..1.05 200 Utah ...-07
400 .... ..l.lli 400 .:.... 1.071-, .'OO 1C JttCK[..27
A*TFRJfOON RKSSIOV— C:3T
! 2"-> / in., 08 200 ChUnse...33:s')o Occd IS
i 200 And** 23 .'(JO odil ...1.1l 100 ...... 12
2jo 8«ich«*...37 200 CrwnP: UIOO OTrma....U7
•Ml b*B »..67 .00 ......-.'.12% JOU Poto»i »«
*><* B.*. -U I o«fcc 3*500 64
6JO Bullion.. •..!(■ 400 . ....HI ..._..:.. .53
oUO t "* le <»..-.l: iku i'U&S ...91 JO I H»T»c»....VO
810 Ch11r....1.()5 2i>j .:.. ... -..9" JuJ >» 50
«*0 1.02%| 1 000 L Wash. o l 20J Union 36
-"° CCdt V....]3 /4 2oum«xic»u_ 47 300 1*
'WO 1.72V j4'0 X win-. 04 .'OO Utah t>7
8 j{ :..\.7U\£oo OpbirlU2% 10^ * JC*1.~.26
*-l-OSXMi QUOTATIONS.
THURSDAY. April 22 4p. m.
J,. o*. ,.1 J>-(-». 4,/; M.
>»rrn»rvw..... 17 OS Jolt* . t'< » : 5
Alt*. CO ' life 1 initlco. 03 04
Anile*. IGJ "j... ntiiclc ...... K5 07
belcher Htf »•; Mexican . 45 46
t«s: c&linicas: «i 465 Nevada uue*3. '6 —
beniou Con.. . _ Ifi iicclUeu.jU..... la 13
H01110u... 09 10>phlr.. 1.00 1.05
Caledonia. «i«' 1, Iniinill 06 1.7 i
Luollar l.i 0 J. 05 roioaU ..64 65
Cou.Ca;<<feVx..l 1.70 ~ev« K ...^ 20 U
t'hail«na» Con. '02' iai.-cotuion.. — »<4 —
Con. Imperil., 01 -v: : >et;. BHch»t . C* 05
Confidence.... 1.03 I.i6i liver Hill <>1 «ti
Uii.\e.vV..ri a • _ -ierra -NavaJ*. 60 61
C'ruwn I'olnt... 1^ 11 landard I.UO IMb
r.»Bis>ierr»N*/ — l« ->yuiljca;e. .... — " I>S
turek»Co.i._ _ :c , nlouv^ii SiA 2« ]
I »lUru;:i!( on <- lk.u . \j6 «8
a. currf. ;o 31 .iuwn^M* 26 «tj
''«'•**•» fee 91,
tXUCiv AM» lio.M) EXCHANGE.
THt'KSItAY. April 22-2 F M.
tKITH' STATICS KU.VUa.
y.»». '.X.-M. Jitd. Jitkad.
C B4n coup. 112i> 113 1; t4aref..lO9 »IWV§
Jullr.v itaut-JraiC — I
HIfeCJkLCAXMOai ro\DI
C»l-lltCbl»S^. 112 — UalcUa* 3».. — JO4
CalElocLß* — 130 twjMlsfts... — 109
Cntr»C\V6s 96V» BJJ Omnibus «*.. 1203^ —
Dpni-ater-cp - 100 I'AORytfi. - 113
>.dsnix£P6s 127J&129 P4Cb Ky di. — 103
I 111; UilUs 107 pwl-st KR6»113 118
(it»n-»t Xli — 102% heno. WL&L — 10S
HfisJVi,s.lOO — ,ir»cto 1' <fc L. - 100
LosAiieLßi 92v;,iou sjA>Pit6i.. 10a 102%
Uotint(?e<t 6s 98V 1UO »l>KUAnzsi 92 »4
MKt-5tC01e631a3V%124"4 107 107%
DoKyloo ftj.lUbl/8] 06V4 s>l*RKlalaj. 86 —
KatVln6.«lat — it>o j-PiirltCaiaj. l<9 ICO
< NevCNi;U?a. — 105 Va SVWaler di. i l'< % 118
KrCal «is. 1O3»4. — v VW»IM4I. 101 —
ny cv: ti4. _ _ bikiuC>JiiiJ» baiAiooy,
Vatkk mcci
Contra Costa — 40 i^ptu* Valley 87 97%
HurluCu..... 4834 Dl^iJ
'« AM) KLB.CTRP IT«VJ»C»-
C«p!t*L — SU I Pacific Lien-. — 51
Central. BBi^ _ IsKHitKlec. 13% »3% '
M Klec Llgns 9% 9% »an r»nc»ca iS/ a 2% 1
UAJiIiLAH 6oi.i 64 %,i«x.*.lou 13 —
t*c lii lui4> _ j>j j
WTO«axi < rrocrci.
Flreman'iFdlSSi-;, — j
comii ....;,, M^vic -T"»-:K».
>» ntlo-Ctl ... 60 — First Nation)
JSMHof CaI..2SKV» — ■ oudonPAA.l-'7V»131
CiUbliJtTColo6 107 JMerchKiL... 12 •'. — '.-'>
»•* ■ IN»» BANK HTOT J»-
O<«rS<!tLCo_l34l — ISav&Loaa.. — JOS
Hatubrt&L.lnj i _ S«vnttty 2%0 —~.
Mutual. ss 41 UuluuTriut.d7{i — -
Uuton449 460 ,
BTIt,;K! UAII.KOAn STOCK*.
California.... 10. — o»ks>lm&l£*/ _ 100
Uearj-5t..... I'H — irresiilio 4 6
iiuik.el-01.... « 44%1
row. .. . T nritL
AiUntlen... ii 17 ;GianiCoa... SO 31
California.... 80 110 IVi^orlu — 70c
basierai>.... bo -;, j
UI.V. :KM.« v ""l—» «-r">-K«.
Alaska — lU3%Nat VlnCo. — 7%
tier l*ad Co. 100 - iceanlcSSCo 22 14
liawC&SCu. 127/ 13 i'acAuxFA 2 4%
hmcn.il\j -'-'« -2% :l'acßur»xCOt t9 — •-.-.
--— l-XA. ■.■>.;-. Uj — jfuri I «..i.<J-J b i/ 8 7
ni<>-iwHM.\u muaaiUN.
Koard — ".-■■
25 Uotchlnson S P Co. J. _ •-'« 00
20 do co ■ ; 22 75
:-5 do do '.'. 22 50
90 do do 22 35
5J do do _ 22 .-.7%
100 Hawaiian Commercial . .13 50
lbO s X i;as & KlectricCo 9H 00
25.-V\\«ier 97 IVU.
*ii>oo VHX Bonds 117 62%
*1000 do co 117 75
f 7uoo s P Branch Railway Bonds. 9» 00
Mr.-:-
If) Mutual Electric Ll^ht - 9 02%
bales— afikunou.v SKSIION".
r.narrt —
175 Hawaiian Commercial 33 12%
,00 do do 13 00
25 do do 12 87%
50 Horcbtnson S P Co 22 37%
30 do do 22 25
35 S F Ua> * Electric Co H3 26
40 do do 93 37%
26 do do 93 50
Street—
10 V Water *7 25
17000 S P Branch Railway Bonds. «P 00
HOTEL AERIVALS.
BALDWIN HOT*. I*"
J Michel. N* V R Bensraulnl. Vallejo
JGIIfk, Stockton G strucluiu. X V
G A Sand * \v. Nev H II 1 hale. Mont
Miss A .-Milts, San .Imp s M lloc*lnbo:ham,Stck
W r rarer .c w, Kre-ino W s A bl»o I, l a
V C Pratt, l-an Jose «' H lan-w. NY
J C Kimb.e it \v, caklnd W E Clark, Pnlia
F D < obb. Mockton II A Pratt, Fresno
F Sin, Iff •. Ann-la r x Rider, lowa
CMilli*r. Fresno 11 Mullln, Sacramento
C A Hilton, ramento <; Maher. Los Augeles
COSMOPOLITAN HOTEL.
J P McLellan. Kureka J Lynch, Fla
Miss M Johnstnc, MY s liirav. , Japan
S X Thomas. (ir.i»s Val T Kvans, Buite
X X -awy»-r.tw.Chicago S M Brown, Salt Lake
I 1" Brown, salt Lake L M Owens, Chicaio
J M Mcl tirdy. Hi a Kos» - M -Not man A w, Chicago
A < 1' nil Mi. Los Angeles W de. t-orivsi & w, Cal
W Frapers. >unol E P Myers, V sail a
MrsCarlke, Germany T X Heara, Modesto
J X Jen«en, Modesto I Jacoonen. uilroy
C c Flood. Los Angeles X ( a sen, Merged
T Cairns. Phiialelphin J X button. Lodl
X I stone. Lodl L Gross, Lodt
Miss E Kvans, Chicago Miss B i-;vans, Chicago
PALACE hotel.
Mrs M J Jones. San Jose H II West fall. X V
I) W Mulr, Los Augeltu M J Farrell, Gross Valley
Mis D W Mulr, Los A ni( Hattl# Jolley, Salt Lake
Madge Jol.ev, sail Lake (* Mac (Jo wan, Los Ang
Wm Davidson, Calcutta X B Ewing. S: Louis
Vera Asutun, Victoria E D Kenna, Chicago
I Mrs Keuna, 2 eh. maid 'vau i loyd. Chicago
| and uura°, t h cago J F Robinson, Rock Isld
< F Miller, Chicago 1) Grubault, Ogdensburg
!K A Wat; hums, ulaine F A Cutler, ureka
i MrsG Goldman, N'apa AI; Blancbard, N V
I. H Howe. N V B X Loser, N 5
i Buck A Vacavil'a Ernest Peycke, Omaha
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
M C Johnson, Oakland P C Majrford. Chicago
, F H Baldwin. Cczadero C Vietzi, Boston
| I) Shea Benlcia J F Bengl.-. B-nlcia
li B Jitmi-s ft w», Ohio J Bnngle, Benicia
H A Arnold, Chicago «s II linlph A wf. Chicago
It i Vlpen. Cliicmko T Qu'gler, >eait.c
s C Hart. Ferndale J Kingston a wf. Seattle
Miss Murphy, heat le M Howard A son. sac to
E Erennan. Coulterville P Hayard. Newport
J Smith Lexington H Mvem, Cal
H .ermuu. Cal A strlngfellow, Utah
WUevtßf. Yu iejo Miss M 1" -Mocan. Pet*
E M Misety. r>. cto E It Wen, Woodland
J II i>nvis, Boston A D Johnson, Chicago
J V I v.ii.l A wf, Chicago
BUSa HOUSE.
A H McCbencr, AlamdaL C Dunham, Hanford
'• W Wilson. Vail, jo S o Wootten. Modesto
W .V FaMeit. cm 0 M Fassett, Sania Clara
I) M I kit, Santa Clara L F Duuand, San Rafael
X A Clay. Boulder Creek G \V Cornell, Or
] 8 Mlchalske it dim. Or a W Mar. in, Or
jD D Corcoran. I'.cnlcia M While, Henna
| A Bernrr <fc mother. Cal W V Tuhey & wf, Cal
j J Jeanc, Wir: «™ A J Wateruouse. Fresno I
Miss S iiaughiun, Cal E V Spencer, >iisanvllle
M:ss M Wheelen, Cal R McDonnld, Red Bluff
Miss L Wheelen, Cal H «' fc>hum»ton, Chico
A Water.', Kocklln O B Grlswold. San Jose
! J PMaban, Eureka • \V A Fuller, Chicago
, C Jj Woodman, Orovllle II )l Beauchamp<fc w.Cal
I It P Pattenou. Orovllle X D Dudley, tiixon
F W Jones, Nev City W U Fur.unti, SlocktOD
.1 W Pol aril A « f. Mich £ II Barber Aw.NwHope
; W J Miller & wf.Q ijicr v B McLau^hlln «t w.Cal
i iliss M Burkhan. Colo .
GRAND HOTEL.
L F Breuuer, Sacto J E S tike, Sacto
! T W Heintzelman,6acto FT Johnson, bacto
Miss a Jollev, si- Lake Ml*s M Jolley. salt Lake
A B Andrews. Oal II i: Lathrop. New t>r.ns
C- W H:inore. Red Bluff H J Kenefick. Red Bluff
| J F Atkinson. Sul; lake T D CrlttenJen, Ariz
F 1 t-mitb & w, Cal J Andresen Jr. (.al
B L Bucklt, Oakdale J W Boyd & w, >acto
J Palmer, .vndersun A CKosenda c. PacGrove
W F Pac»er, son Jose 3 Mrs >lenlerv>n. 11l
Mitt A Henderson, ill A a Holmans, saiem
w B Hopkins, NY . Mis* Ijinsing, Colusa
F A James. Oakland Mrs H Uooksire or, Cal
W T ) rown <t w, 111 Mis* Brown, 11l i
J T f chwelzer, NY Mrs J H G nrle. Hacto
X E Cochran, Cal E t£ Greene. Santa Cruz '
J M Franclt, Neucastle Q Lingo. Birds Landing
C F Alwood &W, lowa Miss A Smith, Oakland
j Mrs S A tico:t,l'i<curove H Hurmes & w, Cai
■ 1) H P.Ota. Victoria J C Hither, liytonSprlngs !
i EAYounglove<tv.,Wash Mrs T Olds. Tacotna
!J 1' Anderson, rre.suo - B ward, Sacto
W T brush. Ciovurdole W S Teunlnx, Martinez
J H Maggard, Ohio W X Barber. Ohio
F SDarrivonn. Los Ang J S Sharp &w, Phlla
H W i'.rabb, oakvtlle . X Wolf, 8»-lo .
v' M Everts, Hawaii J C Mosre, Co'.usa
J 11 Miller, Colnsa .1 \V Browning, Grand 10l
H burck & w, Sn Jose 0 W Ayers, Uonora
LICK HOUSE. :
B Burke. Cal -..■-• B Morrison, San Rafael
A i it- it. Merced •' , J sartoii, san Felipe
H P Taylor, San Rafael P B Cut er, Eureka
It U Powell, Eureka O D Sterns, 1- ureka
(i >un:ieiuaker, Visalia 1 arkinglon. Tniare
F II Puge, Portland Mrs « Francis, Ferndalel
Mrs O M i;nce,F*mdale l>r G A Hare, Fresno .
W E Hobiiison.Minneota A L ;-proule, Colcaiio
T J Kirk, Fresno Miss V Dickie, -ulsun
T J McUatligan A w. Cal Mis 8 H Waeener. Cal
J W Hasan. NY E Farrell, Santa > ruz .
O X Eckert, Marysvl C J Klbly, Jlarysvllle
H 8 Jordan >aiem Ml) Eaton, Stockton
L W Shurliff &w. < gden B li Younger &w. Cal .
T H Kv»n3. Los Armeies J P Moran, Cal •
Hlt hobbiiis. Oaklaud X P axe. Oakland
A M Noble Aw. tockton W. II Uoucner. Los Ang
O A An old. Huron Mrs Fa Bell A c, Seattle
WH H Green, beatlle Ml!* V Powell, Victoria
C Sawtell A w, Hi>aii!Btig J M Cook, »an Jib-
Mrs J M Cook, Nan Jose It E '-old, Portland
A M A kin^OQ. Portland W X Duncan, Orovllle
Mrs L N Westbay, Cal J W Watklns, Madera
L J Toller. Hanford V Lewis A Sage, Cal
J L Uudner, UoUlster M M Trailue Aw, Vt
THE CALL CALENDAR.
April. 1897.
\V.
I MA.
®»w Moun
April 1.
I b
9
3 First Qi
April
12
ie
11
|17|
rX2^ Full Mood.
Q£? April 16.
•Jl
Tl I 23
23
29 i 30
UtnA.> RTKAM-fcatS.
I>i»to« «f ItP!vir!ui' From ««n Frn n rl.ro.
BTK4MKK J DtHTIVATI'iS. !
5t11,4
i PIKR
Humbouu..
Columbia...
A rr»!»
I com Bay- . .
1 111 : moult..
I'niaUtia.. ..
Pomona....
Corona
Chllkat.
Karalloa....
Homer
>.OTPICH
Acapuieo...
fctaieof Cal.
CiuirlD*
Orizaba
Moiiowai....
Panta Host.
A Blanc bard
| Humboidtßav I Apr 23. V!pm
Portland Apr 23.1 CUM
i.oos ear - Apr ■.;!. try
I £«•"•'•'"• I Apr 24. fA«
Portland Apr '24, 6pm
i Vie a I'm ana Apr v."o. Yam
I ilumix>l<tti;»k Apr "J tl. M
, san Ulfea . . . . Apr :i«,llam
; ■•.el Kiver \pr 27. 9am
j larjuin.k IJa,-. Apr '27, Pa-'
Coos Kay Apr a 7. spu
Newport .Ill" VS, tIAM
j Hanxina Anr 2».l'J v
Portlan.l Apr IK.Hah
Coos Hair. :.a nr 29. 12v
Mexico ! Apr -'H.lUam
Sydney Apr 29, 2pm
Ban l)i«eo I Ape Ham!
Oregon port^..lAp- ;,0 Bpu
I Pier .« .
1 Pier 24
| I'ier L I
Pier II
Pier 13
Pier a
Pl^r <»
Pier 11
Pl«r . .
Pier -i
Pier 13
I'lxr 1 1
I'M 8 S
t'lrr - 1
Cipr 8
1 Pier 11
Pier 7
i Pier L L
i Pier l.i
STKAMKKs 1O AItKIVK.
-TKAMKR |
1- RUM
i* luaiucitv
Corona
P0m0na.. ......
Qu«en...,
Homer.. .
Chiikat ..'.
Crescent City...
Eoreka_
Florida
Humholdt
City Puebla
Mackinaw
AllceHlanuiaril
t-antaKosa
Czarina
Dei None
Arcata. ........
loo* Bar
San Bias
Columbia
Doric
mm.
Seattle../.
Han Diego
Humboldt Bay
lorimun.
Coos Bar.
Kel Kiver
Crescent City
Newport.
Departure Bay
Umiu-ioi.i-. Bay
Victoria & Paget Sound
1 :■ ■•■•!■: _
Portland
San I'iezo _ ,
Coos isay
(.•rays Ilaroor. ..........
Coos Bay
Newnnrt "
I 'mi am
Portland
China Japan .
|Ur»va liarhor.
..Apr 24
..Apr M
..Apr 25
..Apr 25
..Apr 25
..Apr 126
..Apr 26
..Apr 126
..Apr 26
..Apr 27
..Apr 27
..Apr 27
..Apr 28
..Apr 2>»
..Apr 28
..Apr 29
..Apr 29
..Apr 30
..Apr HO
Apr .80
..Apr 30
..Apr :\'J
-It"H IO 31AU1.M.KK&.
A branch of the United State* Hrdrojraphlo
Office located In (ha Merchant^ Kxcbanjfe is
maintained In San Francisco for the benefit of
mariners without regard to nationality aud free of
expense.
Navigators are cordially Invited to visit the
Offlce, where complete sets of charts and salllnic
directions of the world are kept on ban t- or com
parison and reference, and the latest Information
can always be obtained regarding lights, dangers
to navigation and all matters of Interest to ocean
Commerce.
The time ball on top of the buildliu on Tele
graph Hill Is hoisted about ten minutes before
noon, and Is dropped at noon. 120 th meridian, by
telegraphic signal tecelved each day irom the
United States Naval Observatory a: Hare Island
Cat.
A notice stating whether the time ball was
Dropped on time, or giving the error. If any. It
published the same day oy the afternoon papers,
lad by the mornlug papers the following .lav.
' • > W. si. Uuohes,
' Lieutenant. V. & XL, In chares'
Th« Tiiuo Hull.
Branch Btdbocraphic Okficc U. S. Jr.)
Meschants' Exciiasiis >•
Bam Fbakcisco. April 22. 1897. )
Tbe time ball on Telegraph Hit. was dropped
exactly at noon to-day— i. c.. at noon of the l'JUtb
meridian, or cxacuy at a r. h., Green time.
'•■'.■.'.'. W. S. 11 i . iiks.
IJeatenant U. & N.. in cbsrxe.
bUM, .moon AND tilt*:.
t/"XTT*T» FTATKS COAST ANT> G»OB»TtO BnttVWT
T'UBI AND" HKIUUTS OF lll»H AND LOW
Waters at ionx PorxT. Extraxcm to
Kan Francisco Hay. Publish bt Orn
11AL Authority or TH ■< SuritRiNTitN'DKKT.
Not*- Tbo bl«u «rcl 10..- waters occur ai lis
City Front (MiS3tn^-gtre>i; Wharf) about twenty
tlvr niin;i. oh Isi«r than at Fort i'uint. me lieutis
of tide is tin. same a: both place}.
April -.89.
Mtar. April 23.
*nnrls«fi... e.2'J|Moon rlw>^.. 1.03ak
Ban «ets 6.54 iMooo seta, ...'.'.' '
g H V\ i I W'l !H VV
HSI Feet
I. W
.> B.4'Jj 4.j i 1.0.i
!« 5.08 1 4.2 12.04
i L W i H W
5 0.54 2.2 X.34
'6 I.st> U.O 7.49
7 vMi 1.4 8.55
■8 ! 3.33 1.0 tf.sl
:l»| 4.08 US 10.42
0.1
7.3J
1.00
I 1.54
! U. 41!
i 3 - 14 l
3.41
"i
0.5
1.0
i 1.4
i 1.7;
| li.ol ITS
m"\V
8.05 4.5
8. 38 4.7
9.U7 4.8
I 9.85 5 0
4.0 !
4.1
4.0
Note— In in* above exposition or tbe tides th»
early morning tides ara given In the left hand
column, and the successive tides of the day In the
order of occurrence at to time. Tha second tim«
column iclves the second tide of the day. the third
time column the third tide, and the last or tight
hand column gives the last tide of the day, except
when there are bus three tides, as sometime!
occur*. The heights given are additions to th«
soundings on the United States Coest Survey
charts, except when a minus sign (— ) precedes the
bright, and then the number given la aubtrucuve
from the depth ;<veu hv the rhirn.
SHIPPISO IMELLKiESOE.
Arrived.
THURSDAY. April 22.
Simr Bonlta, Nicholson, 46 hours from San:a
Rosa Is aud; livestock, etc., to CiooJall, Perkins A
Co.
U S stmr Richard Kush. Roberta, returned from
unsuccessful search for niiaslngshlp Samaria.
Stmr North Fork. Hansen. '12 noun Jrom Eu
reka; pass and mdse. to Charles Nelson.
Stmr Arcata. Cousins. 46 hour* from Coos Bay:
pass and mdse. to i > C <£ \ Co.
Stmr Gipsy, inland. -4 hours from Mo<s Land
i Inc. etc: produce, to Uoodall. Perkins <fc Co.
1 Btmr Point Arena. Johnson. 16 noun from
Mendoclno, aCS; pass anJ nidge, to Mendocino
Lumber Co.
Stmr Tlllamoolt. Hansen, 67 hours from Colum
bia River: lumber, m D II Bibb Lumber co.
Stmr Cmatllla. Hunter, tti Hours from Vic
toria and luge;. bound; pass and mdie, to Goodall,
Perkins A Co.
lirabipßed Rock. Williams, 92 days from New
castle. NSW; '28-9 tons coal, to J J Moore A Co.
Bark Caronaelet. Ste.son. 4V a days from Port
Gamble: lumber and laths, to Pope A l'Mnot.
Schr Edward Parke, Johnson, 7 days from
( .iv hi a Kiver; luinntr. to li 11 tiibb Lumber Co.
Schr Melancthon, Peas'.ey, 7 days from ura>-s
| Harbor; 340 M ft lumber, to Simpson Lumber Co.
j schr North Bend. Wall«C". 7 days from Grays
Harbor; lumber, to Simpson Lumber Co.
Scnr Chas X Wilson. Johnson, 7 days from
Grays Harbor: lumber, to Wilson Bros <fc~ Co.
Schr Del None, Jacobson. a days from .Rogue
River: 11:5 eds i»>rk, to X H num.' a Co.
schr Esther Buhne, Anderson. 19 aays from
Honolulu: 6934 o*ga sugar, to J D Spreckels A
Bros C o.
schr Kettle Low. Low. 6 noun from I'oin.
Reyes; 45 bxs butter, to J H Newbauer&Co.
Clearfil.
' THURSDAY. April 2'i.
Brstmr Bristol, Mclntyru, Victoria: R Duns
mulr Sons A co.
StmrLakme, Anderson, Seattle: Kruse A Madi
son. ■
Stmr Columbia, Conway, Astoria; Oregon Rail
way and Nay Co.
stmr Pomona, Do ran. Eureka: Uoodau, PerKiai
* Co.
Ship St Nicholas, Grant, Karluk; Alaska Pack
era' Assn.
Brig W*G 1 rwln, Williams, Honolulu; J D Spreck
eis A Bros Co.
Sailed.
THURSDAY. April 22.
Stmr Santa Rosa. Alexander. San Diego.
Mmr Pomona, Doran, Eureka. .
Btmr Noyo, JLevinson. Fort. Bragg.
Btmr lirlstol. Monty re, Naualmo.
Knit l his.le, Williams, Bristol Bay. • .
btmr Scotia. Johnson, Eureka.
rittnr ChiiKat. Dunham. Eel P.iver.
Stmr Lakme, Anderson, Seattle. :.',! .
Stmr Truckee. Daniels, Tlllamook Bar.'
Stmr Cieone. strand. Crescent City.
. Mmr Point Arena, Johnson, Mendocino.
Ship El well, Ryder. Nanalmo." ' :■-
Nor ship Prince Edward, Pande. Port Towns
end. : -• . ■ ■ . ...... . ; .
Ger bark John Wesley, Sciwartlng. Jaluit.
Bark Palmyra.' Keller, Port Gamble. ■
. Schr Annie Gee. Pearson.
Schr John F Miller, Hanson, New Whatcom. '
Schr Sadie. Smith, Umpqux. •
Kchr Corinthian, Zaddart, Bowens Landing.
Telegraphic.
POINT lob^h. AdHI -12 p. — Weather
bazy. wind K\V: viiocitv 20 MtUa.
Charter*.
The Aloha and Martha Davis load mdse for
Honolulu.
Spoken.
Per Richard Hash— Apr 17 In lat 40 23 N. long
127 Ob W, achrßangor. from Port Townsend for
Goaymns, 11 days out. '
Apr 1 8- Lat 41 03 N, long 12« 18 W. achr Lll
lebunne, from Port Hadlock for Port Costa,' 7 days
out. . :
Apr 20— Lat 41 40 N, long 126 04 W, schr Se
quoia, iAm Grays Harbor, for ban nicco, 4 days
out. ■ ■ .
Apr 21— Lat 41 01 N. loaic 125 07 W, schr Q W
Watson, from Tacoma. for San Pedro.
F b 2f— Lat 24 s, long 27 W, Br ship Drumlan
riK, from Victoria, for London.
Feb 23— Lat 46 X, long 111 W, Br bark Ladas.
hence Dec 12, for Queeuaiown. ,
Dnmeatlo Port*.
. SEATTLE— Arrived Apr 22— Schr Lena Swea
sey hencu Apr 14. ■
SAN PEDKO-Arrlved Apr 23— Stmr Jewel, (m
Caspar. : ' .;
lACOMA— Sailed Apr 22— Ship Dashing- Wave,
for mi Fran< inco. .■-.-, ',-,.• ... ,
TATOOsH_j>aned ADr 2- Ship Yoaemite. (m
. Tarom:<, for >».. Francisco; ship Columbia, from
Departure Bay, tor an Francisco.
BOWENS LANDING- Arrived Apr 22-Scnr
Newark, hence Apr 20.
REDONDO-Satled Apr 22— Schr San Buena
ventura, for Grays Harbor.
ASTORIA— SaiIed Apr 22— Bktn Fortlatii, for
lUdomio.
P »XT LOS AXOELES- Sailed Apr 22- Haw
•tmr San Mateo, forCoinox.
PORT UAMBLE-s-alled Apr 22— Nor . baric
Mi. r. mi. I. for -outh Africa.
TATOO-H— Passed Apr 22— Br«tmr V/eiling
ton, he.ice Apr 19. tor Nnnulmo: «mr City of Ev
ere t. hence *pr 19, for Nunalujo. : . "
GREENWOOD-Salled Apr :>2-Slmr Green
wo .d. tin s-au Frarclsca i
a Hi a- Arrived Apr 22-Schr J B LeeJs, fm
San Pedro. • ■ ■
KA- Arrived Apr 22— Bit n Geo C Perk-
Ins, iieiu,. Apr 16: schr J (5 Wail, hence Apr 10.
SA - N DIKOO-Arrived apr 22- fchr .Louie Car
son, from Kureka: schr Loulie. from San Pedro.
Eastern I'orts.
_ BOSTON— Arrived Apr 21— Ship J B Walker, fm
Forolen Port*.
COLON-Sailed Apr 14-Simr Finance, for New
York.
Arrived Apr 17 Stmr Alllanca, from New
York.
BARROW— A rrre<i Apr 19-Nor baric Fringe
Victor, from Victoria.
FALMOUTH— Arrived Apr Sl— Br bark Inver
nrtll. hence Dec 17.
HONGKONG— Arrived Apr 20— Brstmr Em
pres« of India, from Vancouver.
IPSWICH — Arrived Apr 20— Br snip Kelburn,
hence Dec .;.
LIVKi-PcOL— sailed Apr 20— baric J C
PHu^er, for Honolulu.
YOKOHAMA— untied Apr 19-Krstmr Pellcau,
for Taco ia. ' -i : ■ v
NA.NAIMO-Arnved Apr 22— Bark Gen Fair
child, hence Apr 7.
linportntlnni.
COOS BAY— Per Arcata— 6 mdse. 1 bbl 1
keg tallow, 1: Dxs butter. 3 bells nid ■% and pe.ts,
IMG- ska potatoes. 7- M it lumoer. .150 tons coal.
1 sic coin. 3 pk 3 express. 1 cs wa»h bowls.
ECKKKa— Per North Fork— it bdls hides, 290
M ft lumber. 4 cs harm-are, 7 M shingles.
MONTKUEY — Per Glpiy— 12 cs empty bottles.
3 cs cneese. 4 sits gr?en calf hides.
Mo*s Landing— 2 cs eggs. 42 sks chevalle- bar
ley, life dxs butter, 1 cs ejjgs. 1 sk green ciffde,946
sks bar.ey. 3 oxs hardware, 2 bdls shovels.
Hanta Cruz — 11 bis butter, 48 cs cheese, 1 coll
hose. 1 cs ecus ."> sks shark tins, 1 basket eggs, SOU
bbU lime. 3 dressed calves.
SANTA KOSA ISLAND-Per Bontta-197 sks
wool, 1 bbl butter, 1 bx shears, 746 Sheep, 6»
st era.
MENDOCINO— Per Point Arena— 2 bales wool.
1 sk mohair, 1 bdl hides, i cs dry goods, 3 .iks aba
lone*.
Point Arena— 3 kess 58 bxs butter, Ics eggs, 21
sks pens, 1 bill hides, 2 dressed bogs, 1 marble
sab, 3 dressed calves. aoOO r r ties, 70 M H lumber
2 i 8 imlv .
DEPARTURE BAY-Per Cmatilla-1200 tons
ccal.
Tacoma— sks bones, 505 pkgs hides. 12 bdls
CMif.Klm. 13 tea tullo.v, 36 ska switches, 1 ca
otuks 9 pk«s iv a -c. la c* ra mcd goods. 800 bars
bullion, 4 cs cartridges. 100 bxs hops- ••■•*:-
Tacoma west or Fargo— l lsl ui-sks 408 sks flour
1 bx hides, 10 pkgs hardware, 29 sbiu knees, 360
sk» flax. . a bd:a hoop poles.
Ever»tt— * kegs liquor, a 4 pkgsmdse, 470 s*s
oats. lUOO bills lime, 1 cs slaw, 481bHsS3 rolls
paper, 8 sks oys;ers, 3b hf-sss 12 sks flour. 2 sits
wheat, 2 sks leans 235 green frdes, b b.l I -\ deer
skins, H p<gs bra^s, -7 t>xs fish. 7 pkgs express.
OKRy via .-eatl.e— Us6 sks flour, 7 Dkgs mdse.
1306 in «ot* i ... , '■"»;'*.:>
lor. Town'jend— i pkgs nidse, 2 .'pkgs express, 1
cs milk, . sk coin.
Victoria- j pigs mdse. 7 bdls dry hides, 34 salt
hides, 2 bds skin •»,'_' pKgs express, 1 sk coin.
Cf>n«i trn<*«i. I ,
Per Bonltn— Baker & Hamilton: Jones it Co: H
Levy: \V M Duval.
Per North Fork— W B Samner <k Co: Carroll <fc
Carroll: OGWlckjon: Adelslorfer & Brandeu
steln: Burgess * Demenlconi: standard Oil Co: S
Ramon. ; Cnas Nelson.
Per Arcaf> — Kilmer. Bredhoff AScbn'z: Harry
rum & Co; McDonough& Runyoa ; Wolf <fc Son; P
A Uueil & to; Wens, i nrgo & Co: MPDetels; H
Duia.d ; Marshall. Teggan, & Co : Marshall & Kei
mers; Thomas Lou^hrau.
Fer Gipsy— Standard OH Cn ; Dalrvmen's Union-
Cal Bottline C >: Sherry, Avilla <fe Co: a W Fin* <t
Co: He man Wai cck: Norton. iviier&Co F Uil
•fc Co: Moore, Ferguson <t Co ; H Cowell <fc Co: A J
Sherwood; Herman Joos: : Miller. Sloss & Scott;
irHasßro 1 *: Dunham, Carrigan & Co; Mills Bros;
Milanl & Co: tiu ta Percna Co.
. I'er I'oin Arena— l>-vi, Strauss & Co: Dennlson
<fe Wilson: Rohlffs «tGerdau; Norton, Teller & Co;
De Bernardl & Co; Dairymen's Union: Hac Coast
Typo Foundry: standard Oil Co : Ross & Hewlett:
C a Worth: ii Wai deck & Co; Robert Mult; Men
doc no Lumber Co.
l'er CmatilU— Oregon Imp Co: Bls*lnger &Co:
A Haas & Co: Kbrnard TannlnT Co; ilalMan
Urotschirr; J KKnowland: Miller. Sloss it Scott:
J H Newbauer «fc Co: J R Knowlatid: LI I n ha. A
Co: >eiliy !>meltinz and Lead Co: C J Leist & Co:
ile:ter * (iebhardt; Oscar Car stlanse:;; Singer
tewlnt; Machine C>; II H >mi h: J Cairo .t ( >: .1
C Moffau: Kittle <£ Co; Moore, Ferguson A Co; J
B:leivater<t Co; James rseylan; Pac lie Woode?i
ware and Cooperate Co: Wmnu: Neckwear Co; A
Greenbaum A: Co: W I eland Brewing Co: Tacoma.
and Koci Harbor Lime Co: Klse i Vineyard io;
H Dutard: dlacondray <& Co: Alameda v\ nvon Co:
Amer Carb Acid Gas Co; Demin. -Palmer Mllllti;
Co; California Imp Co: Gird ml &Co: .1 Demar
tlnl: E X Merrihan; II Cowell &Co John D I. by;
J ¥ Rupert: M Traker: Neuburger. Reiss & Co: R
D Perry: W B Snmner <t Co: Pac It— Iruli Co;
Pac Rolling-mills; J B Ingaslla; W T Garre t *
Co; American Union Fish to: A Paladini : Duff &
6 Co: -Milani & Co: Wells, Fargo it io; Union oil
Co: a W H ggms it Co: Dunham, Carrigan <t Co:
Wei! man. Feet <fe Co; Baker & Hamilton: H Jklc-
M.ihon: H Waldeck.
OCEAN TRAVEL'
PHVHDIIM Tlies. S. MONO WAI
JaHHir -■'■• via HONOLULU
• ■■■■■• and AUCKLAND tor
M -^ —^ BY » N Y. Thursday,
SfMfn^nlDcJ «■ S^AUSTRALIAfor
CflCflllDIIIU" HONOLULU for
CylCailUlllU" HONOLULU only
C0!llB3lZy- Tuesday, May 18. at
\vill^Ylw«j 2 p. m. Special party
rates.
LIcetoCOOLGARDLE. Au St., and CAPETOWN,
South Africa.
J. D. SPRECKKLS& BROS. CO., Agents.
114 Montgomery street.
Freight office, 827 Market street, tan Francisco.
PACIFIC COASTJTEAMSBIP CO.
STEAMERS LEAVE BROADWAY AflL
wharf, San Francisco, as follows: XbSC
For i or:s in Alaska, April 1, 6. 11, 16, 21, I'ti
and every firth day thereafter, at 9 a. m.
For Victoria and Vancouver (B. C), Port Town-
send, Seattle, Tacoma, Everett. Anacortes and
New Wi.au om (Bellingham Bay, Wash.), 9 a. x.
April 1, 11. 16, 21, 28 and every fifth day there-
after, connecting at Vancouver with the C P. R.
It., atTat-oma with N. r. K. R., at Seattle with (i.
N. Hy., at Port Townsend with Alaska steamers.
For icureka, Arcata and Fields Landing ( Hum-
bold 1 Bar), sir. Pomona 2 p. m., April 2, 6, 10. 14,
18. 22, 28. 30 and every fourth day thereafter.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey. San Simeon, Cayncoa.
Port Harford (San Luis Oblspo), Gaviota, Santa
Barbara, Ventura. Hueneme, can Pedro, East baa
Pedro (Los Anareles) and. Newport, at 9 a. m.
April 4, a 12, 16. 20. 24. 28, and every louuD
day thereafter.
For Sun Diego, stopping only at Port HartortJ
(San Luis Oblspo), >santa Barbara, Port Los An-
relea. Redondo (Los Angeles) and Newport, 11
a.m. April 2. 6, 10. 14, 18, 22, 26, 30, ana every
fourth day thereafter.
- For Enseuada, San Jose del Cabo. Marat lan, La
Paz and Guaymas (Mexico), steamer Orizaba, 10
a. M. 25th of each month.
The Company reserves the right to change with-
out previous notice steamers, sailing dates and
bourn of sailing. Ticket office— Palace Hotel, 4
New Montgomery street.
OOODALL, PERKINS & CO., Gen'l Agents,
:. r- 10 Market St., San Francisco.
THE O. R. & N. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
r»o:i=tTx_.^:ixr i>
From Spear-street Wharf, at 10 a. m.
FA "PI?/ *' 3 First-class V Including
1 ..-Y IV JUt Sit. Second-class /berth & mo-its
SCHEDULE OF SAILINGS:
Columbia April '.'3, May 3, 13, 23
State of California April 28, May 8. IS, 28
Through tickets and through baggage to all
Eastern points. Kates and folders upon applica-
tion to 1
F. F. CONNOR. General Agent,
630 Market street.
GOODALU PERKINS <& CO.. buperinlendetivi
COBPIGSIEGEXERiLTIWSSATLIITHDB
French Line to Havre.
COMPANY'S PIKR(NEW).42 NORTH J^ffu
\J River, foot of Morton St. Travelers by -*wRSff
this line avoid both transit by English railway an 1
the discomfort of crossing the channel In a small
boat. -Sew York to Alexandria. Egypt, via ParU
tint class $lt!0. s»-< ond class $116.
LA CHAMPAGNE ..........April 24. 10 A. M.
LA GASCOGNE May 1, 10 a.m.
LATOURAIXE May 8, 10 a. m.
LA BRETAGNE Ma. 15. 10 a. m.
LA « HA -i *AO.VR .... >«'• 22, 10 a.m.
jay For further particulars apply to ■ -
- -A. FORGET. Agent.
No. S. Bowling Green, New York.
j. p. FUGAZI <fc CO., Agent* 5 Montgomery
svtnue, San Francisco.
STOCKTOS STEAMERS
Leave Pier No. 3, Washington St..
At <; F. M. Daily. I Ireighi received -up
to •::?,) P. M. w
tST Accommodations Reserved by Telephone
he only !ln« soiling through tickets and giving
through freight rates to all points o.i Valley
Railroad. . . ■
. STEA3IEKS:
T. C. 'Walker, Peters,
Mary Ciarratt, ' City of Stockton.
Telephone Main St",. ( »,. Kav.aud Impb tie
FOR U. S. lATY-T.IRD ASD VALLEJO.
STKAMEB "MOXTICKLLO,"
Mod., Tubs., Wed.. Thins, and Snt.... ... ..
..9:4&a. m. and 3:15 p.m. (9 p. M ex. Thurs.)
Friday 5.........;.. ......... 1 p.m., 9 p.m.
5unday5....... .............. io:3u a. m. and 8 p.m.
LaMding and ofllces. Mission Dock. PlerJ.
-":' ■ '■ ' Telt-pnone Green 881.
FOR SAU JOSE, LOS GATOS & SAXTACRUZ
OTEAMEK ALVISO LEAVE* I'iJSK 1 DAILY
j O (Sundays , eacepted) a: 10 a. m. Alvisct da'ly
(Saturday exceptrd) at . 7 p. m. • Freight and
Passenger. Far* between San Francisco aad
Alviso, 60c; to San Joaa, 75c Clay «. Jflari.
RAtI.nO APTRAVEI2
SOeTHRRN I»i«*:iFlC t'OMPAJrT.
(PACIFIC MYSTKM.)
Trnlna Ici»»c »nnl "•'<* «•"«' to nrrlve »* ,
SAN yitAMCISCW.
leave — __ From April 18. ISC-7. — abkivtj I
"^S^OOa Niles, San Jose and Way Stations... 0:45 a
7:»Oa Atlantic KxprCSß, Og«lon and Hast.. U:I.IP
7:OOa lienicia, Vacaville, l!-un:sey. Sacra-
mento, Orovillo and llcddine via
Z-V •-, Davis ••••:■•.— •;••■ 6:45p
7:30 a Martinez, San vallejo. Kapa,
Callstoga and Santa Rosa 6:15p
BtSatAXilca, Kan Jose, .Stockton, lone,
Sacramento. ■ Marys la, Cnico,
- Tchama and Uud1i1uff...... ...... 4:1.1p
SO a Peters ami Mi1t0n.......... »7j15»
9:UUA New Orleans Uxprcca, Merced, I 1 resno,
15akcr3!ii:]il tianta liariiara, 1.u3
AnyokK, l>cniiiiß, El Paso, New
Oilcans and East 4 '!'?
O:OOa Martinez and Stockton i ! f # 2 P
9:OOa Vallcjo ••••VV ""\ 6:15r
.. Niles. San Jose, Llveruioro and
Stockton . 7:1 2 P
•l:OOr Sacramcuto Kiver Steamers.:.. «0:O0p
I:OOpNUes, Baa Joionnd Livcrmore..... 8:45 a
fl:3OpFort Costa and Way Stations. ....... f < :45p
4:OOi- Martinez, San Kauion. Vullejo,
Nairn <'alislogii, 151 Veraiio and
Santo Kos;i ;• ••;,■••%• Bslsa
Bcuicia, VaciviUe, Woodland,
Knife-litf- Landing, Marysvillc, Oro-
villo ami .Sacr.viiienlo •■••• U:»»A
4:3<>r Lathrop. BtoOsbD, Modesto, Mei-.
cod, teayxcoiul (for Yoscuiitc). and
Frcsr?o. goicg via Niles, returning
via Marun.z.... 11545 a.
3:«OpLos Angclca Bntroaa, Tricy.
Fresno. Mojavo (for Rand3burg).
Santa ISarliara and I.'.h Alecks. <:45a.
SiOOpSauU Fo i:<iute. Athinlic Kspress ■
for Rlojavo n ud Knit ''• \ •» A
G:0»p European Mall, Oplcii and 10j5t.... U:-a.»\
6:UOpl]nyiT;irdH, Nilis awl .San .lose 1 : >A
}7:OOp Vallcjo « :4.1p
7:O«p Orcaou j;x]>ifi«,Saciiiinciito, Marys-
villo. ltLHlillnt,, l'ortlantl. I'mfet
Kuni.daiid fart "''"*
SANTA tllilt/ lihhlll> (>iirroiv tiauite;.
}7T45a Santa Cruz Excursion. Santi Cruz
and Principal Way Stations JB:O3p
8:45 a k,OeiiLeivillo,.Suii.l<iae.Foltoii,
Uouldcr Creek.Santa and Way
Stations ot3»p
•2:13p Newark, Cenkcrvllle, Han Jose, New
Aliuailtn, Fcll.oll, lloulder Creek,
Santa Cruz ami Principal Way
Stations •II:2»a
4:l.">i- Newark. ,S;m Joku and lan HaUn ... «J:-~»Oa
QUASI IU VISION (Uiinl A li>»iimiiil Ms.) -
7:OOa «an .Ids,; mill Way SUtiuiiK (New
Almadcii Wednesdays only) l:3Op
9:00 a Nan .lose, "Trus linos, Knuta Cruz,
l'ucillc «in)ti'. l'aso ltoViles, Sa««
l.ni:i (ibi?[m. Hiiadalupc, Suit anil
riincii'al Wnv UtaUoua 4:15p
1«:4Oa SanJiisuniid V.:iy .Stations 6:SOp
llraOA 1';,!,, Alto and Way Stations 5:OOp
■st::j(>i- Sini Mat?.., Meulo Park. San .lose,
liilri.y, Tzpß l'inoa, bunta Cm/.,
Salinas, Monterey ami I'ucilicCt'ov u *IO:1Oa
■:i::i«p San Jose ami Way Stations y:-33.\.
•l::iOi-han Joso uml Way Stations *»:O^a
StSOp Bau Jcisu Principal Way Station* •H:4sa
U::tOp San Josouud Way Stations 0:«5.\ •
jllil.ti- Ban .'osmin.l WnvStntiona f7145f
_ >»> lifc.V>i)UO Ami H%VWAKI» LiiiaL . .
i"*G:OOa") ( 7: 1 3 a"
Biooa . tV:l~»\
1O. : ooa Melrosp. Seminary Park, iV:I3a
:i": : Fltchburs,SmnLMndro . \?MI
ii:O«P an( J :tt:l.»p
i3:OOp }■ " U 1 4:43p
4:00p Ilavwards M:-t."»i-
S:»op iiayw»rus. o:isp
8:30 - 7:13P
?:uoi> tte4Sp
H:OOp » Runs throuih to Nilea. !i: :.">!•
!»:<)(>[• (From Niles. IO:3Oi>
>tll»lspj [tua:OQp
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
from SAN FR4KCISCO— Foot "of Market Street (Slip 8)—
♦7:15 9:CO 11:00 a.M. U:00 *2:30 t3:CO
•i:O3 t5:00 •6:00 p.m.
rromOiKUKD— Foot of Broadway.— *6:00 8.-C0
10:00 a.m. |12:00 -1:00 J3:00 *3:00 Ji:CO
"5:00 p.m- " .
A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
• Sundays excepted. /% • ] Saturdays only.
X Sundays only.
H MomHv. Thuwdav ami Saturday night* only.
SI\FRAMISCO&.\ORTIi Pi-
CIFIC RAILWAY CO.
1 1 bnron Ferry— Foot of Market 3k.
tan Franclico to San Rafael.
WEEK DATS— 7:3O, 8:00. 11:00 a.m.: 13:S\
*:30, 6:10, 6:30 P. m. Thursdays— Extra trla
at 11:30 p. m. aaiurdayi— Kitr» trip* M 1:4
and 11:30 p. k. ■
ItKIJAIS-vDO, 9:30, 110)0 A. *.; 1.34 B:3A
6:00. 0:20 P. U.
Han Knfael to *»n Franc!«co.
WEEK DAYS— B:IS. 7:50, 9:'.»0, 11:10 a. ««..
12:45, 3:40, 6:10 p. K. Saturday*- Extr» trial
at 1:65 p. M. and 0:35 p. M. *>•«?•
BUNDAVB- B:4U 11:10 a. M.: I:4a 3:1%
6:00, C :23 p. K.
Between !S»n Francisco and Sdiuetzen Park ■ nm %
schedule as above. .- ' - -
.Leave m effort Arrive
6an Francisco. o"t 14? Ban Francl
Wki I SUN- uea.fnarion. B r*" i Win'
Days. | days. [ "e»»natlon. PAYB . , D AY a. .
7:30 ax 8:00 ami Novato, 10:40 am \ 8:40 ah
8:30 PMIS4-.3U am I Petaluma, 6:10 m ' 10:25 am
6:10 rM 1 5:00 I'M 1 Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm 8:23 m
Fulton, i
7:30 ah Windsor, 10 .26 AM
Healdsburg.
l.ytton.
Geyservllle,
8:30 ?M 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:3> PW g:23p»
.:.; •-.- 1 ~" : l'leta. " ~"
I Hopland &
T:SO AM I 8:00 am Ukiah. 7:35 6:23 pm
7:110 am I 10:20 AM
8:00 ij| Guernevllle. 7:35 m
8:30 pm j 6:22 m
7:30 AM. 8:00 am Sonoma 10:40 am 8:40 aM
and
6:10 PM 5:00 pm Glen Kllen. 6:10 pm 6:22 PH
7:80 am 8 00 AMI KehaatODOL 1 10:40 AM 10:3 » AM
8:30 I 5 :00 I bet " P° l - ( 6:10 pmJ 6:'-»2 PM
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Marie West
Springs; at Geyservllle for Skasrirs Springs: M
Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Pleta for Hls;hlau<l
Springs, Kelseyville, Soda Bay and Lak.por:; ac
Hopland for l^.keport and Bartlett sprinxj; at
XJkiah for Vichy springs, Saratoga Springs, Bin*
lAkes, Laurel Dell Lake, Upper lake, Porno, Potte*
Valley. John Day's, Riverside. Lierley's, Buck,
nells, Sanhedrfn Heights. Hullville. Booneville.
Greenwood, Orr's Hot springs. Mendocluo City,
Fort Bragg, Westport, Usal, wuieis, Cuhto, Co>
veto. Laytonvllle. Harris, Scotia and Kureka.
. Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets aireduoej
rates.
On Sundays round-trip tickets 1* ail points (m»
jond San Rafael at half rat— ■
Ticket Offices, 660 Market at., Chronlci* bonding
A. W. FOSTER, R. X. BY Alt,
Vrea. and Gen. ansc-pr. Ohl Paas. Agent
Santa Fe "^fe^^
Limited. Jillik
On MOX P A V s and
THURSDAYS the first- fISsgEgSSSSSirR
class Pullman nleeplng-car |^«Cp«^^^^^Jf%l
leavlnc nt & P. v. connects fc^ :> 'iJf-2S??Ii&Ss?N!
at i;arsto\v with tho Santa VM&S"WIjfiBNBKI
» United train carrying \BjSa7Z TBH^MJr
dining-car, buffft srcokin*- *O£pscpvssl*&i£S
cm and PnllmMii palace >y«o»sSC»a*^SF&g t
drawlnir-room sleeplntr-cms l^jjfiß^f^-Q jj 1
for to:h Chicago and St. *""•«' V»l»
Louis via KansaH City.
3}. 2 O»j-i to Chicago or St. Louii.
414 Dayn to Nrw York.
SANTA FE EXPRESS
Leaves daily at 6p. M. Pullman palace drawing.
room, also modern upholstered tourist sleeping-
cars, thrnuth to i hlcago via Kai.sas CUy. 1 Annex
cars for Denver and m. Louis.
Boston excursions via Kansas City, Chicago,
Montreal and the White Mountains leave every
Tuesday; St. Paul excursions every Sunday.
Ticket Office, 644 .Market ' iirnu-
iele building, telephone Blain 1531.
SORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD
CVia Sausalito Ferry),
from San i'rauciaco, Commencing Sept. 13, 1894
WEEKDAYS.
For Mill Valley and San Rafael— "7:2s, •9:18,
11:00 a. M.. *1:45. 3:45, *5:15. •3:45, tf -.30 P.M.
Extra trips for Ban Kafael on Monday^, SVedn>-»>
days and Saturdays a 11 :30 p. ii. ■■'- • • - - .; . '
SUNDAYS.
Tor Mill Valley and Sun Rafael— «B:oo. •10-00
•11:30 a. M-: •l:» 0. 3:00, *4:ao. 6:iof! m.
1 Trains marked • run to San Quentlu.
THROUGH TRAINS.
For Point Reyes and way stations— 7:2s a. M.
Weekdays, 8 K)0 a. m. sundaya, 1:45 p. m* satu>
days. . ■
1 Or Cazadero and way stations— 7 :2s a. m. m«o1»
i days; 1:45 r. m. Saturdays.
11 TAJIALPAJS.
Trains connect with North FaciQa
Coast Railroad.
WKKK DAYts-U-ave S. F. 9:l^ a. m. l:4^ p. m.
Returning— S. i-. 3:25 p m. 6:20 p. it.
SUNDAYS— Leav!.S.f. Ba. M 11:S0a. m. l7.su pm!
Returning— Arrive S.K.I :1 5 p. m 4:iiOPM. 7:35 pm.
; 1 lckets for sale In Mill Valley or
,,,'rHO-. COOK A fO:\S, 6-' l Market »t., S. F.
Mill \ alley and Mount Tamalpals Scenic Kail way,
■ ._. : .
THE BJI.JR.iIUO AND SIIJOAQUJI
YALLEr RAILWAY COMPANY.
Ij^ROM APKIL 15, 1897, passenger trains will
X 1 run dati v :
»4 v: lib Mm, l stat oih. . >or.hdouud-
-OU9 a. M..".".".".V.\V'MTrce O i"''.'.'."".".".'.»:n 1- <,
'.•.!' \ si Mercet 8:14 r m.
U:U)a M.. ;..;.'. Kresno..."..'. 1:10 p." m.
tor Intermediate statlonssee time-table. .
• Connecting steamboats of the li X. 4 1 Oa '
leave Ban Francisco and Stockton at 6 p. M. dally.
Connects at Merced with stapes trom KnelliuKS.
CoultervUle. Yosemite, Marlpo6a, etc,
■ACME OBJECTS
TO DICTATION
Withdraws From the Pa
cific Amateur Athletic
Union.
Anx ous to Form a State Body
That Can Frame Its Own
Rues.
Recent Decisions Regarding Charges
cf Professional! m Hastened
t! c EnJ.
Oakland Office sak Francisco Call,)
908 Broudway, April 22. j
The Acme Athletic Club has decided to
withdrew from the Pacific Coast Associa
tion of the Amateur Athletic Union.
This decision has been reached because
the directors believe it would be better for
Pacific Coast athletics if an independent
organization wan to bo formed in this
State.
"Our reasons for withdrawal," said Sec
retary Cook of the Acme to-day, "are
many. Our directors have been for some
months of the unanimous opinion that a
State or coast organization entirely inde
pendent in its managnient from the
Eastern association could better advance
the interests 01 all amateur sports on the
coast.
"Our members are purely and distinctly
amateurs, and no organization has been
more jealous of its amateur standing than
the Acme Athletic Cub. All our atten
tion as directors has been devoted to the
development of our athletes on amateur
lines, and we consistently oppose any
action that would tend toward profession
alism, it being a well-known fact that we
hare never at any time offered a purse for
a contest of any description between pro
fessionals,
'Under the rules of the present associa
tion no trophy of a greater value than $35
could be offered fur an amateur contest,
and Dotbing allowed for training ei
j coses. This we have always held to be
wrong, as it was impossible to secure
matfctoes between good ama.eurs for such
atroph.v.and as we advocated the neces
sity of offering more valuable prizes to
contestants we have been charged with
I>rofes3:onalbm. It should be obvious to
any man of reason that a reasonable
amount for training expense-s should bt
al.owed to put a man in proper physical
condition for entering the ring.
'•The immediate reasons for our with
drawal were the receni boxing order of
ihe eseodation by which they refused to
aiiow or countenance any boxing contest
whatever, the registration of all amateurs
«t a fixed fee and the withdrawal of the
Olympic Club. Steps will immediately be
taken toward forming a new organization
that will be more Id sympathy with the
condition of amateur athletics on this
coas'. and capaule of administering its own
affairs. Its members will be taken from
the leading legitimate atiJetic clubs of
t tie coast, and will probably include,
among others, the Olympic, Acme, Re
liance, Stockton, Sacramento, Fresno and
Los Angeles clubs.
ENTRY-LIST COMPLETED.
Berkeley's Alhletes ior the In
tercollegiate on Saturday
Slated.
Forty-Fonr Men Wi.l Enter, Which
Is Thirteen More Than Ever
Entered B fore.
BERKELEY, Cal.. April 22.— Track
Manager Barnes announced the entry list
this afternoon of California men for the
intercollegiate fieid day, which will take
place next Saturday afternoon. Forty
fonrmen will be pitted against the Stan
ford aggregation, which is thirteen more
than entered last year. Saturday's list
will be the largest ever entered by Berke
ley in a field day. Speculation is rife as
to the outcome of the contest, witn honors
about even. Under the schedule of points
adoiv.ed the general impression is the
result of the games will be a toss-up.
Competent judges of the ability of both
teams concede eight first places to Stan
ford and six to Berkeley. They believe
the Palo Alto boys will take the 100, the
1220, the 440, the half mile, the broad jump,
the vault, the hammer and the high jump,
leaving to the blue and go:d the mile run,
the mile walk, both hurdles, the bicycle
race and the shot put. What the Ber
keley men lose in first places they expect
to make up in second.
The bicycle race will be held at the
Velodrome at 1 o'clock and the other
events at the Olympic ground?, comment
ing at 2:30 o'clock. Foilowing is Berke
ley's complete entry list:
100-yard dash — Drum, Barnes, Slmonds,
Broughtou, Miller.
220-yard flash— Drum, Barnes.
440-y»rd run— Drum, Orennan, Humphreys,
Kaar-burg.
880-yard run— Hodgekin, Carroll, Brown,
Ellis, Kidd, Trefeiien, Parknurst, Wise, Dren
jiHii, Haseltine, Kaarsburg.
Mile run— Jackson, Treiethen, Allen, Ra9
rnu*Ren, Haswell, Brown, Carroll.
120-yard hurdles— Loveland, Dawson, Bake
well, Cheek, Hoffman, L oyd.
220-yard hnrdies — Mil.er, Bakewell, Daw
son, Toland, Hoffman and Lloyd.
Mile walk— Griffin, Skaife, Cederfeldt. Aiken.
Bicyc.p race— tqu ires, Crafts, Kusier, Lem-
BU3, iiodt".
Broad jump— Dozler, Dresser, Simonds,
J'.rougiiton, Cheek. Miller, Lloyd.
H:gn jump— Huffman, Muler, Bakewell,
Cheek, Doz;er, Burrell.
I'o:e vault— Cheek, Lloyd, Mumma, Hoffman.
.Shot-put— McDermott, Lloyd, Cheek. Good
ale, Ludlow, Greesberg.
hammer throw— Dorn, Carver, Hooper,
Hiiupton.
SPEAKS TO SIUDENTS.
Gfncral Barnes Glts* the University
Cadets a Little \Vordly Wisdom.
BERKELEY, Cal., April General
W. H. L. Barnes gave the University
Cadets this afternoon a few ideas on why
they should look upon military duty with
more favor. With an incidental, humor
ous reference to the absence of the ex
pected audience last Tuesday, when the
ire!" hies and sophs "cut" drill to attend
to Bourdon matters, he proceeded to talk
drill and college work in general.
He said that he believed the next cen
tury would be the most remarkable the
world has ever seen, and that the oppor
tunities for young men to-day are limit
lees.
"You don't like drill," said he, and the
nfp-room fairly rung with applause.
Most Complexion Powders
have a vulgar glare, but Pozzoni's is a true
beautifier .whose effects are lasting . j
ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
"But the State has the right to eiD»ct
military service of those who are educated
at pubic expense."
General Barnes expressed a poor opin
ion of the college "dis," and said ne
would not give much for a man who was
all study and no exercise. He referred to
Grant as a man who while at West Point
was under continuous discipline and who
graduated Xo. 26 in a class of thirty-one,
but who .it the s-ame time had in him the
elements of fame.
As to Athletics, the speaker said he
would rather be ab'.e to throw the ham
mer the greatest distance of any man in
college than be the best in Ureek conju
gation, ■'iriSnit
Davie Will Speak.
BERKELEY, Cal., April 22.— Hon.
Wil.iam R. Da vie, ex-Mayor ol Oakland
and president of the Alumni Association,
will speak to the associated students at
their annual meeting to-niorrow after
noon at 2:50. The meeting will be heid
in the big tent near the library. The an
nual election oi student officers, including
a president, baseball manager
and track uaaacer, irtll take place.
.1. IV. striker Injured.
BERKELEY. Cal.. April 22.— Deputy
Superintendent oi hireets J. W. StriKer
met witn a painful accident this morning.
While watching the unloading pi a quan
tity of rocK from the narrow-gauge cars,
the drum of the derrick slipped and al
lowed the crank to revolve swiitlr, strik
ing Mr. Striker across th- nose and fore
head, lacerating both, and breaking his
left arm between the wrist and elbow.
Leek-Rledgoe Wedding.
BERKELEY, Cal., April 22 —Newton
E. Leek of Modesto and Mis* Etiie A.
Bledsoe of Berkeley were married at the
re-idence of the bride's parents yesterday
afternoon by Rev. Dr. Bentley, pastor of
Trinity Mettio«!ist Church.
FOUR NEW PASTORS.
Commencement Way at the McLmu
Theological seminary.
OAKLAND, Cal., April 22.— The Pacific
Theological Seminary held its commence
ment day to-day and four young men,
who constitute the class of '97, delivered
their graduation orations.
Rev. J. K. McL?an, D.D., presided, and
the members of the class were E. E.
Cuakurian, S. M. Patterson, C. C. Kirk
land und S. I. Yarrow.
E. E. Chakurian is an Armenian and
his address, was on the "Ideal Pastor"; S.
M. Patterson has already accepted a call
to tha Congreeational Church at Lodlj C.
C. Kirkland leaves for tfebastopol, where
a pastorale awaits him, and S. I. Yarrow
is to assume charge of ihe Sausalito and
Mill Valley churches.
Rev. George C. Adams, D.D., of San
Francisco delivered the annual address to
the students and President McLean pre
sented the diplomas with an appropriate
speech.
WAR AGAINST FLOWDR3.
Doctor* Talk About 1 heir Admission
to Sickrooms and Hospitals.
OAKLAND, Cal.. April 22.—Considera
ble discussion has taken place of late be
cause of a report that has reached hers
from Sir Morel Mackenzie of London. The
report states that it is very detrimental to
patients ir. hospitals or sickrooms to hare
flowers in the room. Ail kinds of horri
ble germ and bacil i i stories are told and
the matter has been agitated by some of
the local doctors, especially in connection
with Fabiola Hospi'al, to which flowers
are freely sent every day.
D-. Crow ley of the State Board of Health
when asked for an opinion on the matter
Dr. D. D. Crowley Thinks Pro
fessional Men Should Not
Discuss Trifles.
poohpoohed the whole idea. "Time in too
valuable attending to matters of import
ance to warrant a discu»sion on any sucn
trivial matter as flowers in a sicicroom. No
one supposes that flowers are left in a
sicicroom till they become rotten and the
water becomes stagnant, an 1 I think that
instead of raising a fuss about such a trifle
members of a learned profession can de
vote their energy and time to matters of
much more gravty."
MUBT HAVE CERTIFICATES.
Political Methods in Insuring Bnsiness
to Ceate.
OAKLAND. Cal., April 22.— The Ala
meda County Board of Fire Underwriters
has decided that no brokerage or commis
sion will herealter be paid by agents
within the jurisdiction of the board un
less they were duly accredited or certifi
cated brokers.
The decision was alto arrived at thai
the compensation to such brokers should
be the same as is paid in San Francisco.
Fur a long time, it is claimed, people
have interfered by taking business to an
insurance agent that would naturally
have gone to him and then demanding
commission*. This is the practice that
the board desires to break up. and here
of ter no agent who does not hold a certifi
cate will be allowed to solicit business or
receive commissions.
Run Over by the Cars.
OAKLAND, Cal., April 22.— William
Arthur English was brought to the Re
ceivir.e Hospital to-night, having been
run over by the '.) o'clock local. It is prob
able that he m»T loie one leg. English
\\U3 going from Berkeley to North Berke
ley, and when neamic: hi* home he saw a
hou«e on tire. He jumped from the train
to see the blaze and was drapged under
the wheels.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, APRIL 23, 1897.
WILL BE A CAT
AND DOG SHOW
Felines Will Have a Place
at the Coming Exhi
bition.
Many Fanciers Who Have Thor
oughbreds Have A ready
Entered.
Ip Cia Prizes ard God Medals Will
B? Giv n and a Splendid Exhibi
tirn Is Assured.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call, )
908 broadway, April 22. j
Always striving for something original,
Oakland has now decided that she will
have a cat show with her dog show. At
the last meeting of the club it was defi
nitely decided that russy should have a
chance to exhibit her wool and purring
abilities, as well as the bowwows.
No entry fee will be charged exh bitors
of cats, and the only expense to wh.ch
DR. FRED PIERCE, Who Will Judge the Cat Section of the
Dog Show.
the owners will be put is tbat of benching
and feeding. In this State, more bo than
in many otberc, there are people who
bare made % f-pecialty of breeding cats,
and they own many valuable Angoras
and Maltese. It has been decided to pto
them an opportunity to show iheir pets,
and prices will be awarded to the lucky
ones.
Dr. Fred Pierce, the city veterinary
surgeon, will be judpe of the cats, and in
thi-> line h« is well known ali over the
country at a very efficient arbiter.
The bench show will open the second
week of next month at the Exposition
building. It is attracting as much atten
tion all over the Siate among owner* of
thoroughbred dogs as the show of the
San Francisco Bench Club. In this city
there are many prominent dog-fanciers
and they will put all their pets on exhibi
tion.
It is est mated thnt there will be 330
entries, including a sp-cial string of sixty
magnificent St. Bernards. Dog-I>reeders
in Stockton, Sacramento, San Jo«e, Los
Angeles and the adjoining States are also
sending animals.
The California Collie Club of Snn
Jos« has offered gold medals for the best
two California-bred collies. These prizes
are to be competed for only by the mem-
Den of the Collie Club.
Among the cats will be some fine ani
mals imported from Europe, and one ex
hibitor has entered twelve Angoras of re
markable Deauty. No ordinary house cats
will be accepted, as all animals must be
thoroughbred so secure recognition.
BRIGHT CHERRY OUTLOOK.
Experts Report a Crop Which Will
Be Three Time* a* Large
a* Last Year.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,)
908" Broadway, April 22. f ".
The present indications of Hie cherry
crop In this county are that it will be an
exceptionally fine on». A great portion
of the orchards from San Leandro to Niles
are cherry orchards, and for five miles
nothing can now be seen but thousands of
cherry trees in full blossom. Within a
radius of two and a half miles there are
over 55,000 trees in full bloom, and every
tree is described at being "one preat snow
ball."
An examination of the blossoms lias
been made, and it is stated thai about
one-third of them is showing fruit and if
this be realized the trees will have all the
cherries they can possibly carry, la many
orchards trees that have not produced
more than three to five boxes a season
will from the present showing yield ten
to fifteen boxes. I. H. Beiger of San
Leandro, who has leased seventeen
orchards, including 20,000 tree-", expects a
t:ood crop and estimates that be will han
dle about 150 ton*.
All the varieties of cherries are equally
good in appearance and this is quite un
common. Great improvement Has been
made in pruning cherry trees in the past
few years, and as a result the Inside limbs
are heavily laden with blossoms. This re
sult has partly been obtained by scientific
methods of sprarincr. Experts estimate
the crop in the vicinity between Elm hurst
and San Lorenzo at not lets than 1100 tons
for the season. Cherries are always sure
of a market, as home prices can be en
tirely controlled by Eastern shipments,
and this knowledge has rendered cherry
growers comparatively independent. The
canneries are already burins all that are
offered for sale, but the growers are de
manding good prices. Many improve
ments have been made in regard to ship-
Ding, and the cherry-growers are rery con
fident of a successful season.
HOWARD'S NEW DILEMMA.
Release I on » Charge of Murder, a
Wife Now Appears.
OAKLAND, Cal., April 22.— Jack How
ard, the motormun who was acquitted yes
terday for complicity in the murder of
Anna Johnson, will probably have to
make an explanation.
District Attorney Snook has received a
letter from Orovillo signed by Mrs. C. V.
Howard.' It ii as follows; "
Will you kindly inform me If John A. How
ard is n divorced man or not? I was his legal
wiie, if I am not so yet. I never had no no
tice of any dlvo'ce ) roceedingi at all. If he
is not h divorced m-in I would like to send you
a piece that he ( ut in the paper about inc.
which I can prove Is a falsehood, and I would
like your advice about it, and oblige me by
answering this note immediately. Yours re
spectfully, ( i.ara Howard.
Address Mrs. '.'. V. Howard, Oroville, Butte
County, Cal.
All throuen the trial over the death of
Anna Johnson, Howard has alwavn ap
peared as t!;e iover oi the dead gin's -is
ter, Httidah, and it has frequently bfen
slated by both of them that a marri. g«?
would soon take place. As a matter of
::ict, it is not yet known whether or not
Huldah Johnson und Howard are legally
man and wife, in which event there^may
yet be a case of bigamy to be examined
into.
GREATER OAKLAND.
Al mi..! • !».<•» >ot Tako Kindly to tlie
Proposition t • lie Swallowed
Vp Bodily.
A LAMBDA, i.'al., April 22.— The calm
proposition of the Oakland politicians to
swallow up A arueda in toto and make of
it a mere component part of ''Greater
Oakland" touches no responsive cftord in
this city. Rather does it arouse the ire of
every one of the sixteen or seventeen
thousand people who reside in Alameda
and are prouJ of their little city.
There is not a single "argument" that
has been advanced in support of the move
ment that has any weight here. This city
is well governed, laxei are not high pro
portionately to the benefits received an><
the people are proud of Doing known as
residents of the model city. The an
nouncement of the Oaklanderi that only
politicians are opposed to the movement
is received here with amusement, since it
is well understood that it is really the
politicians who are desirous of wider
iieids of operations who are most demons
of the consolidation.
Alnrueda is not jealous of Oakland, does
not dislike it, but <lops not want it, either.
It i» contort to move on in its own sphere
and preserve its autonomy. There is ab
solutely no tentiment here in favor of
consolidation.
A LAND SPECULATOR.
Arrested for Unlng the Malls to Adver
tise the Capital Mill Addition
to 1 :i ..lili-l.i
ALAMEDA, Cal., April 22— Anson C.
Potter o? this city has been instrumental
in causing the arrest of a town-lot oper
ator named E. T. Casey, of Pasadena, who
is now under arrest on a charge of u<:ng
the United States mails ior fraudulent
].ilrp:>«e?.
Casey obtained title to forty acres of
mount aiii near Pasadena and platted it
"n pap?r as the Capitol Hill A dnion to
i'asaiena. He sent out most glowing
descriptions of its desirability and man
aged to dispose of quite a number of lots
at good price!". He got into communica
tion with Mr. Potter of this city and tried
to persuade him to become a purcba er.
But Potter was wary, and after receiving
several letters from Casey, telling about
the desirability of the lots, the street im
provements, the fine view, etc., he re
ferred the correspondence to the City
Clerk of Pasadena, who told him the
who> thinp had been misrepresented.
The United States authorities were then
called in, with the result that Casey wa«
arrested for criminal use of the mails.
Threw Up Her Job.
ALAMEDA, Cal., April 22.— At the
meeting of the Board oi Library Trustees
Tuesday night the position of assistant
librarian, held by Miss Mary A. Har
baugh, was declared vacant, to take erfeel
on June 1.
-M - ilarbaugh was indignant at the
adoption of the resolution and yesterday
she declined to eerve longer and gave in
tier peremptory resignation. It was ac
cepted and Mrs. Marcella Krauth, who
had been chosen to take the pocition on
June 1, at once entered on the discbarge
of the duties. Another assistant is also to
be appointed.
Notes.
The election expenses of Dr. Scott, who
was chosen a member of the Board of
Education at the last election, were just
$36. according to bis statement filed under
me !uv.
Company G went to Oakland this even
ing for battalion drill with companies F
and A of the tame reeinient.
Mrs. Annie E. Hall, wife of George W.
Hall, receiving teller of the London and
San Francisco Bank, died this morning
Irom pleurisy at her home, 2531 Buena
Vista avenue.
Ono of the steam fire engines cracked
the boiler yesterday afternoon at a small
lire on Pearl street and has been sent to
San Francisco for repairs.
Daughter Ins mo. Father Dead.
OAKLAND. Cal., April 22.— Mrs. OMie
May Roume, who became insane in this
city and was sent to Stockton five days
after her wedding, and iai later tak-n to
tier home, has again become uncontrolla
ble. She has neen returned to Napa and
her husband has been informed that t: ere
is little hope of her recovery. Her recom
mitment was such a shock to her lather,
H. B. Miller, a well-known resident ot
Williams, Colusa County, that he was
seized with a hemorrhage and died sud
denly.
For the W. C. T. U
The following programme will be given for
the benefit of the W. C. T. U. to-morrow even
ing at the headquarters, 32 O'Farrell street:
VocalmiiKlc.br Miss Mildred Clarke and Mrs.
Frank French, pupils of Mia. Mariner-Campbell
and Miss May i ■'. I oolc. i oi.niy superintendent of
song: recitations, by Miss K. Frances L.use, Mrs.
ile Mpiuz" and Vlss Alice W. BorUman; piano
so o, by Miss Kstner Hlgglns.
Wantrd a Bible.
George Thompson, alias Martin White, a
"dope fiend." wm booked at the City prison
yesterday afternoon by Polici-men Williams
and Cat-les on a charge of burglary. He is ac
cused of breaking into the old Zlon Church
on Stockton street on Tuesday morning and
stealing toe polpU Bible and some piece* of
carpet.
PROHIBITION AS
A TOWN-KILLER
Chief Lloyd Says It Would
Make a Wilderness of
Oakland.
Declares That Unnatural Condi
tions of Society Are More
Harmful Than Drink.
Saloon-Clcsing Wiu'd On v Help to
Increase the L quor Tralfic cf
A'jiceni .Towns-
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,)
* 908 Broadway, April 22. J
Chief of Police Liojd having been asked
by a prohibition paper published in the
East some pointed questions regarding
prohibition, he has forwarded some
answers that will no doubt cause much
comment in this city, where the question
was recently passed upon at the polls.
In reply to the question as to what share
of the police business arises from the use
of intoxicating liquors in this city, Chiei
Lloyd says that drink is far less respon
sible for crime and poverty than the un
natural conditions at present existing in
society. He says:
No accurate estimate could be made of the
proportion of po.lce business arising from the
use or abuse of intoxicating liquor, as in
many instances crime really originates from
over-indulgence in liquor when no actual
proof of thiii is at hand, and on the other band
liquor is ofteutlme< apparent as a cause of the
commission of crime when it really had
lu'iuing to do with it.
I speak now of what we class as misdemean
ors and minor crimes. Every year there are
more people arrested lor the crime of drunk
enness than for any ten other crimes, yet the
rolice force has leis trouble with the drunkard
thitn with tn . other criminal. In this city in
1896, out of 3000 arrest*, 1210 were plain
"drunk!"," mere were 170 battery cases, many
of which were due 10 liquor, mid 157 cases "I
disturbing i ho peace and 1(> cases of assault
with a deadly weapon. »l-o often attributed
to liquor.
Yet the department was kept in a constant
state of terror for nearly two months by fcenrJ
less youths who were engaged in safe-cracking
jobs almost nightly.
While I realize the great harm growing out
of over-indulgence In intoxicating l.quor 1 am
not prepared to admit that a great amount of
the important police business is due to that
evil, as the most huidencd, desperate and dan
gerous criminals we have are not addicted to
arunkenness, and nence 1 cannot tee that the
absence of the open saioon would materially
change the status of po.ice business.
In tact, 1 am of the opinion that the great
majority of dangerous criminals requiring
largo police forces ere the direct outgrowth oi
our unnatural social and economic conditions
that breeu poverty, want and despair in the
human heart. That men out of employment
and unable to secure the necessaries of life in
this land of plenty are the first cause of a
much larger percentage of criminality than is
the liquor v.l. That it is man's inhumanity
to man and our Government's partnership in
hat inhumanity r&tner than man's inebriety
that demands a large police force in every city.
This is me opinion of your humble servant,
and I have never been accused of being friendly
to rum.
Chief Lloyd has very pronounced
opinions of the effect of prohibition in
Oakland. He says: ' \ :
The effect In Oakland, if all the saloons were
to be closed, would be that our business would
be ruined, grass would, metaphorically speak
ing, grow in thn doorways of our business
houses, and neither drunkenness nor police
business would decrease, for the simple rea
son that. those who Witnted liquor would get it
in unbroken packages or would cross over to
San .Francisco, or go to Berkeley or Alameda,
our nearest neighbors, buy their liquor there
and come back to Oakland to raise . Pro
hibition in patches will never <lo anything but
harm to the particular patch worked upon.
If the reform could become general lucre
might ultimately be -ess demand lor large
numbers of policemen in all our cities, but it
would require time to change people's disposi
tions, or rather to work ih« brimstone out of
their systems. Until economic conditions are
bettered. I am of the opinion that there will
be little im| rove men t in our criminal record,
no matter how much prohibition in patches
may be applied u> liquor. I repeat that warn
mid misery caused by unnatural conditions is
a greaier projenltor of crime than liquor, in
my opinion.
PACHECO'S TREASURE.
He Tells a Story of an Old Spanish
Freebooter and Buried
Spoils.
OAKLAND, Cal., April 22.— A treasure
liunicr arrived in this city to-day ana de
dares that he has a sure thing. He Is
Thomas Pacheco and lie has started oik
in a business-like way by engaging: an at
torney and malting inquiry of the Super
mtendent of Streets as to how he can go
in digging up the roads. He tells a stoiy
of 'lie confession of a cor>bcience-stncke;i
oil Spanish freebooter in Monterey, who
committed his depredations half a century
ago and buried the proceeds near a clump
of oaks. Pacheco has retained Attorney
1. P. Garrity to look after his interests.
New. in Brlof.
OAKLAND. OAI», April 22.—Assembly
man Frank Leavstt recently received a
■ •"Per signed ''Maud 1 ' and making a date.
It got into his wife's hand«, and when cx
i l.iiuitiom were asked it provea to bn from
Commissioner Maud of tho State Bureau
of Highways. Leavitt is telling the story
a* one on himself.
The ciamaee suit of Alice J. Wilson
against Christian Kiev for $10,000. because
the iatter's dog bit the girl waa com
promised for $400.
The annual reception of St. Paul's
Episcopal Church was held this evening,
Iho following lad ies constituting a recep
tion committee: Mesdames Bromwell,
Frank Brown, I red Hall, Taft, Allen and
Ralston.
Thomas Hankard hid himself in St.
Elizabeth's Church this morning till after
the service, when he stole the gold goblets
from the altar, but was arrested beiore he
got a block with his plunder.
Rev. B. F. Hudelson filed an answer to
day to his aiieged wifa's complaint for di
vorce. He denies every allegation in ti e
complaint and also denies that he waa
ever tnnrried to the woman calling herself
Millie Hudelson.
Hiram Tubbs, the aged capitalist, is
gradually sinking.
The non-frats won the election at the
high school yesterday and will control the
Aegis for the coming year. The new of
ficers are: President, Arthur Whpeler;
vic?-president, Wallace Merwin ; secre
tary, Robert Nichols; treasurer, Howard
Atwater; editor, J. J. Earl; first assistant,
WinfieldDom; second assistant, Duray
Smith; third assistant, Lyuia Dozier;
fourth assistant, Grace Gregg.
A woman, who said she resided on
Seventh street, cal ed on the Chief of Po
lice to-day and said she was being honndpii
by a man named Rosebud. A little in
quiry showed that she was a harmless
lunatic, ana she was persuaded to go
home.
Rev. Eliza Tupper Wilkes is to leave
the First Unitarian Churcb, where she
has been assistant pastor for two years,
and will rejoin her husband, who has been
elected a Civic Judue at Bioox Falls, S. l>.
Asa Fisk's executors have commenced
•uit against George F. Lament., an insol
vent auctioneer, on a note of $300, bearing
interest at 3 per cent per month, com
pounded monthly.
A new tnai has been ?isked for in the
suit of .T. W. Sierusen against the Hay
wards Electric Railway, on the jtround
that one of the jurors Visited the s- cup of
the accident during a recess and formed
an opinion.
/^
(has. LEVY & CO.. AUCTII).\ES!R
oHlcsrooins— 1 138 Mnrket strej:.
THIS DAY.
Friday April 1897.
At 10 o'clock a. M.. »t Salesroom.
1133 MARKET ST.. bet. 7 th. :»url Xth.
....\VK WILL BKLI,
Stock of 5 i-itoiim l.od giiig-House, re-
moved from storage w.noh.»u»e for
cunv.'iilfiui' of salt-.
• . ....COMPKI3INO •
.■> Oak To din-: Bpds. mirror fronts; V.'ft Oak and
•Cherry B-<lroom Sets: b Parlor >c >: Bent of B"<1-
-ding: aOJU yards Carpets: sM»boarJs: Boolc-
cases; Hat l.uck-; Kxlen,ioti Tabes: l'lctuie<:
lac « urialns; i. liiffjnit r.: Ciockery ; (51a»sware:
Stoves and Kanze , eta: 2 Bur Counters, etc
' ■-■'. CHAM. LEVY & CO.. Auctioneer!.
ATTENTION, _SALOOX MEN!
STKKKT & OBRBWUIII
General Auctioneers, 927 Market street, Tele-
phone Mint 1652, ' '»
WILL BKUi AT a I CTZOir,
BVRKiI'jJ iILKOANT SALOON",
Cor. Val<* ci;i mid I' wont v-«ixt li htreetx.
One of the hundaomest and best-appointed sn-
loo is in the city; everything first class; prouii-
n-utlv located a d doi:ic a flcliriihing basinets.
Will be Bold as a whole or In hits to suit; can be
I) light at private sale at any time prior to date or
sale: a very lar^ opportunity: you are respectfully
Invited to inspect the p ace: fml Dfir:icu'ars In
Monday morning pHpcr* For any information
I apply or write to F. J. BCKKK, Valencia and
Twenty-sixth sireets, or to
BTBJfiKT A CBKSWELL, Auctioneers.
grand: auction sale groceries
! THIS DAY (FRIDAY), APRIL 23,
Commencing at 11 a. ic sharp on the premises,
N.W. COR. OF FOLSOM AND SEVENTH STS.
I WILL SELL
A very tine Large Stock of Staple and
Fancy Groceries.
All new and fresh. including fine Teas. CofF
Flour and Sugar. Wines. Liquor*. Cigar* and To-
bacco; fine Scales, Coffee Mill, etc.; all must be
sold without reserve. •
J. C. MUTHKB, Auctioneer.
DEATH ENDED HIS PAIN.
Horrible Suicide of Edward
Ward well, a Sick Pen
sioner.
Shot Himself VWth a Revolver and
Cot His Throat With a Razir
After He Went to B?d.
When 12-year-old Edward Wardwell
opened the door of his father's room at
308 Shotwell street yesterday morning to
call him to breakfast he was horrified to
find his father dead in bed and covered
with blood.
The boy at once notified bis mother and
she ran out of the home screaming pite
ously. Deputy Coroner Tyrrell was sum
moned by telephone and removed the
mutilated body to the Morgue. It was
found that Wiirdwell baa first shot himself
with a revolver, then slashed his left
wrist ana forearm with a razor and then
cut bis throat.
The head was almost severed from the
body, and the tendons and arteries of the
left wrist were cut through. Wardwell
had tired one ballet into his body two
inches below trie heart out of a five-cham
bered bulldog revolver. The four iinex
ploded cartridges were dented, showing
that he had snapped the hammer and
pulled the trigger tive timea before the
weapon was discharged.
Wardwell was n native of Massachu
setts, 51 years old. an<l leaves a wife and
two children, the elder of whom is the
12-year old son Edwaid. He had been
suffering for a iong time with hernia and
locomotor ataxia and suffered very much
pftiii. Unable to work and depending
only upon a nension, he became daspond
ent and ended his life.
None of the family had any suspicion
that the deceased had intended to make
away with himself.
FOR THE SCANNELL MEDAL
Distr ct Engineer M. J. Dol^n
in a Fair Way to
Get It.
J H. Ru!ff=, the Man He Rescued,
Publicly Expresses His
Gratitule.
The Fire Commissioners met yesterday
aiternoon and fined the following mem
bers ot ibe department for neglect of
duty: C.ande Browneil, driver engine 17,
two days' pay; Georg; 8. Manning, hose
man enpine 30, five days' pay, and
Eugene O'Connor, loreman of engine 7,
five days' pay.
The resignation of David Ellison of
chemical engine 2 was accepted, and the
following appointments were made: Ed
mund Doughorty, boseman, engine 16;
Jerry Mahoney, noseman, engine 30; K.
Jones, hoseman, engine 25, and George
Godfrey, boseman, engine 11.
The following letter from J. H. Rulffs
was read :
On Saturday evening, April 3, my stable,
1305 and 1307 Buchanan street, was burned
down. 'Ihetire sinned at about 7:30 P. m.,
and on the a. arm being given 1 immediately
entered the stable to save my horses. The er
fort was fruitless. I was overcome by the
smoke and heat and fell to the ground uncon
scious nnd on recovering my faculties futina
myself lying on a cot in the German Hospital
and suffering from severe burns.
My :escue from a terrible and sudden death
seemed to me almost miraculous, aiia after
giving tlm-.iks to heaven for my escape, I must
be forever grateiul to M. J. Do'lan, District En
gineer, through Tvhoie courage and self-sacri
fice 1 was rescued. As eye-witnesses have told
me, he ruslie.i into the (Turning building, and
uitti almost Incredible strength carried me, a
man weighing nearly 200 pounds, through
smoke and fire to the door, where he feil un
conscious with hit also unconscious burden.
May Gol reward him witn long life, lie is
an ornament to the department, and it your
honors should se? fit to bestow uj on him some
mark of your appreciation it could not be
conlerred upon a braver or worthier object.
As my burns disable me, this letter ts writ
ten by a friend, and 1 make my mark.
The letter was ordered to be placed on
record, and the probability Is that District
Engineer Dolan will be presented with the
next Scannell medal for his brave action.
• — ♦ — «
The Turkish language is said by schol
ars to be the softest an l most "musical
ianeuageof modern times, being better
adapted to the purpoe of musical nota
tion and reciiation than even tup Italian.
DIED.
PERKINS-ln this city, April 2?, 1897, at the
residence of John I. Sab:n, 2828 California
street, Si.rah M. rerfcins, aged 73 years 6 months
and ltj days.
I«'.Nii.ii-h of funeral hereafter-
llS#*i MANHOOD restored;s«
ly^SrEß Gf tion OI a French physician, will quickly cure you of all nor-
\\\ /ii? \*\ "\\ vous or diseases of the generative organs, such as Lost Manhood,
>si liC\ \J, V a j) Insomtila^t'ains in the B:ick, Seminal Emission* Nervous Debllltv'
I^»L nT WSK Pimples, Unauiess to Hurry, Kxhuusiini; Drains, Varicoc'ie arid
>C ' r V "*"/ Constipation. It stops all losses by day or night. Prevent-,
\«X ness of dlscharse, which if notchockeil loads to Spermatorrhcea and
B E R L «ND AFTER all the horrors of Impotency. CVPIDGHE cleanses the Uver, Un
!-■- ,*e. %no mi- i en kidneys and the urinary organs ot all impurities. -■
1 CITPIOFSfE strengthens and restores small weak organs.
The reason sufferer-, are not cured by Doctors is because ninety per cort are trembled w*ti»
Promtatltla. CDPIDENE Is the only remedy to cure without an operation. 5000tpstlraoni.
»!s. A written fruarantpe given and money retnrned if six boxes does no; effect a permanent enra.'
fl.no a box, six ior ?.\OO, by mail. S»nd for circular and testimonials. i«i™iu.icuta
▲OUreu UAVOi* iliii>iCl>^ CO,, U7O Market street, San Francisco, Cal." Fcrsaletw
'^•\f ,"•;" " • x.KuUik.6' *iiAKJ«A.cy, 11» I'oweU sireal
BASGH lI'CTIOX COIPAJI Inc.,
:{l9-3'»l MTTTJSK STKEKT,
Bet. Grant Aye. and «=:oekton St. Tele. Grant B7.
95000 WORTH of GROCERIES.
I WILL SELL THIS OAY.
Friday ...April 23, 1897,
At IC-.30 o'clock a. m., on the premises:
129 stCOND ST., Bet. Howard and Mission, '■
By order of asslznee,
BLITHE STOCK AND FIXTURES
Of Mr. O'Shaughnessy, an Insolvent debtor,
... .CONSISTING OF.'..'.
A hne line of Fancy and Staple Groceries: Wines;
whiskies: Cigars; counters: shelving; 1 Na-
tional ash Rtgisier, largest size: 1 Safe: 1 Coffee-
mill, and everything contained in a flrs;-class
groctry.
-■» OIK— Dealers are especially Invited to attend
this sale, hi the goods must lit sold by order of
assignee. m. «a»CH, Auctioneer.
A&oHiALIa sale.
THIS. uAY,
Friday April 23, 1897,
At 1 o'clock p. m.,
At 1133 Market, be;. Seventh & Eighth.
• I WILL SELL
THE STOCK OF J. T. CLARK. INSOLVENT,
. . ..CONSISTING OF
! A Kew Flue a -soriuieut of Furniture,
. . Rugs. .Etc.
six Bedroom Salis, 00 Ctiffoniera. 200 elegant
Rockers, 100 pairs of Portieres and Curtains. 300
Hugs, Bed Lourgas, 100 High-back: Chairs. Wash.
stands. Wardrobes, 25 Bolls of lino matting, 20
Trunks, showcase, Batices, 60 Albums, 2 Magnifl.
cent Walnut Uockford Desks. 1 large r?afe, Kattan
Lookers, hnameled Bedstead. 300 Pictures, etc
INDIANA AUCTION COMPANY.
It. J. LEUTHoiA Auctioneer.
,1 SEW FURIfIITRE.
THIS DAY (FRIDAY) AT 2 P. M.,
At 1513 Taylor Street, Near Pacific,
FKANK W. BUTTKRFIELD, Anctloneer.
602 Market Street.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Matthew and Catherine Kavanagh to Mary Jor
dan, lot on s line of i-ulton street, 110 X of Stel-
D«r, X 27:6 by B 110: $10.
*arah L. P. Hard to Hush Klemm, lot on rJ line
of Ells street, 112:6 W of stelaer, W 25 by X
137:3: $10.
Dora i hapir.an (nee Sherwood) to London and
San Francisco Bank (Limited), lot on E line of
Walnut street, 100 S of eacramento, 8 32:71,4 by
K87:6; *10. v " *
London and San Francisco Bank (Limited) to
Giuseppe Ginocchl, lot on Kline of Folsom street
178 X of Twenty-fourth. X 77, E 122:6, 8 25, X
MS :K, S 104. W 45, M 52, W 100: $10.
Kichard J. Mier to Kober: White, lotonNW
corner of Twenty-third and Eureka streets, N 116,
W 100. S 25. E 60, .-« 90. fc 5 •; 810.
Henry M. and F.ora M. Wright (nee Haight) to
San Franclico lias Light Company, lot on N\V cor
ner of Howard ana Bea'.e i reels, M 137:6 by W
275. quitclaim deed; $10.
weltha A., Minnie B. and Frederick B. Ha ght
to same, same, quitclaim deed : $10.
J. C. Bnckell. Jacob t. and Sarah G. Schemp
Elizabeth 9*. and Mary K. Greenham, William
fcceur and the California 1 i lc Insurance and
Trust Company (by Henry 1". Umbsen, referee) to
Mary W; Meyer, lot on Hue of clar> or Clara
street, 175 SW ot iflh, S\V 25 by bit 80; $. 1 .'.V
Edith C. Sedgley, John Kelso and K. B. Mastiek
(executors of estate of itoseita A. Sedgley) 10
Manuel Conception, Lit on W line of sun Bruno
avenue (Nebraska), 75 8 of Sine e--mh (Bum) a
25 by W 100; *2UO
Lewis C. and i:mma Straus, Emma and Simon
Meyer, Julia and M. 11. Dreyfus, Fannie A. aud
David Gluckma:> to Emma Meyer, U t on N line of
liut.e street, 25 E of Texas, X SO by N l 00; #100.
F. '. Williams to 31. J. ravage, lot on a line of
California street. 32:6 H. of sixth aven c X 25 by
5 10u: $10. . y
R. W. and Mary E. Tansl'.l (by A. S. Baldwin.
att<r.:ey) to Horace P. Howard, lot on 6 line of C
street, 82:6 E of Elghteealh avenue, E 25 by 5
100: $10. '
Jacob aud Lina Heyman (by Oscar Heyman, at
torney) to Kate B. Simmons, lot on S line of Q
street, 82:6 W of Ihiity -second avenue, W 25 br
a 100; if 10.
Same to Ida C 1 liotnpson, lot on E line of
Twenty-fifth avenue, r.5 N of X street, X 60 by
H. 120: els.) lot on sW .orner of W street and
Fortieth avenue. H 10 i by' W 32:6; $10.
AI.AMKIU COUNTY.
Henry Z. au<i Sarah M. Jones io Manuel R.
Fontes. 10-on N W .n:i- ■ Abbey street, 150 SW of
Pen. ilman avenue, SW 75, NW'IOO, 8W 25. N W
100. N X 100, SK 200 to be-,'lnuine, beine lots 11
12, 13 and 4.1 to 46, bloik 1, AKendale Tract,
Brooklyn; $10.
Andy 1 .. 9 one to X Elizabeth Rust, lot on Is*
corner of I liv. r street and orchard avenue, NX 60
by NW 140, b<-ing lot 31. Marlon Tract, Brooklyn
Township; $10.
I aro me A.,'lowne to Mary W. Smith, lot 1 of
Towne*s sut division at M.uvry's station, Washing
ton Tow.istiip; $I'J.
Charles and >nr«h Ginger to the Bank of Liver-'
more, lots 7 and 8, bnc» 89, town of Llvermore,
Murray Township. *10. ■
S. J. and Hum a Ala«n, Oren J. and Grace E.
Mullen and Lydia Wade to I^.. J. Parker. lot on S
Hi of Miliun sire-, 2^5 Wof san lab o avenue,
W 16 by .N 10i>, being a purtiou of lot 18, Milton
'1 met, Oakland: $.0
Jlyrju L. Wurtz. W. W. Montneue <jfc Co., C.
Haven and >arali E. HeudrickH (by commissioner)
to Oei:rge T. nawlcy, lot on h line of Perry stree:,
13 feet from N corner common t<» lots 7 and 8,
block B, lands Oakland -View Homestead Associa
tion, thence AE 67, UK, 99. SW 67, .. W 99 to be-
KinninK, being the IS'K 47 Jeet of :oi 7 and !>W 20
feel of In 6, block B, Oakland View Homestead.
Oakland; $1463.
Charles W. Gilbert to H. W. Bradley, parcel of
land on N side iiast Thirtieth street, between
Twentieth and Tweutv-rir-t avenues, bonnded on
the W by landsof J. MyilcK, thence S from NX
Thirtieth street 212, th nee E 125 to lands of
Johnson, thence 212 to >' East Thirtieth street,
thence W 125 to beginning, block: 105, East Oak
land: $5.
Lou It F. Dunand to W. E. Young, lot on RE
line of Eighth avenue, 76 NKoI East Twenty
third strte.. >E 75 by SK 100. blick 144, Clinton
(subject to deed of tiust to -an Francisco Savings
Union for $10U0), Kast Oakland: $10.
Uattle Qulnn to Barto.oineo s-o ari, lot on S line
of Ternescal street, 250 E of Cherry, S 136:9, X
50. N 137:10%. W 67:9 to beginning, being lot
102, sale map of Temescal Par*, Oakland Town
ship, quitclaim deed; *lU.
Alex and Jenny ft, Hosi to Helen W. Wettsteln,
lots t> to 9, block 2105. Alden Tract at Temescal,
Oakland Township: »10.
B. Kelsey to Jacob Stulz, lots 1 and 89, Maxwell
Tract, quite. aim deed, Oakland Township; $5.
Louis F. I)u;;;i..d to W. E. Youn^ lot on fe line
of Eighth street, 100 N of Delaware, N 46:2 by J3
1:0, being lot 19, block t>3, Trac. B, Kerko.ey
Land and iowu Improvement Association, Berke
ley: $¥).
Iltinh and Anna S. Hogan to Augusta Bengtaon,
lot on S line of Bellevue street, 799 E of Fruitva
avenue. E 85 by S 174, being lot 16 and portion of
let 17. resnbdi vision of Ballevue tract. Brooklyn
Township: $10.
B. E. and Louise E. Lartbe to Marie L. Crum
mey, rerecord 458 d. 474, lot on W line cf Pearl
a re<t, 120 >■" irom N line of lands formerly owned
by Clar< kid Carpentier, W 133, >* 10, W 10, .>.
31, X 143. S 41 to beginning. Aiameda; $10.
Magdalena M. Han.ilon and Marsaret M. Wll
kins to Belle Myers, lot on SW line of Eighth
street, 50 «et X of Union, X 60 by N fc7:B, Muck
648: also lot on X line of s-lxtn street. 280 feet W
of West, N 103:9 Dy W 30; also lot on N W line of
Market and -ixteenth streets, N 41:6 by \v \O<J,
Oakland; ClO.
B.»lle -Myers to Margaret M. Wilkins and Mag
da .ma M. Hamilton, lot en > line • f Flfieenln
slieet. 260 W of West, W 30 by N 403:9, being
the W 30 feet of lot 18, block C, North Ouk;and
Homestead Association, Oakland ; also lot un W
line of Market street, 41:6 M of sixteenth, N
33:6 by W 100. being block 59& Heed Tract, Oak
land; also p operty la Co. ii-ia: $10.
Cary and Frank K. Howard to James W. Dunn, .
loss 17 and 18, block E. corner of Broadna »nd
: Te>?raph avenue, Park Tract, eland Town,
ship; $JO.
J-.steile Flske to Ell X. Harmon, lot on X line of
r.ellevue avenue, 739.30 Bof High street, E •_' , 5.
X 608.30, W 215, S 5U%16 to beginning, be.ne the
W portion of lot 38, MacKinnon it liorham I rat t,
Brooklyn Township: grant.
Silas T. and .Vary P. Kenyo i to May Moss
Paige, lot 21, b:ock A, amended map of Moss i
Tract, Brooklyn Township; $10. • , ;..;>
Builder*' Contracts.
Emma Joseph (by attorney), owner, with Moore
6 Cameron, contractors, to er»-c 2 a-s:ory f.-ame
bullillne^on NW iner or Baker ana McAllis.er,
•trerts. $i 856; W. 11. Li lie architect.
Amelia V. K. Pixie/, owner, with John Wlren,
to erect a 'J-story frame building on X line of
Union street, 100 W of Fillmore. for $7994: archi
tect contra tor.
William H. Blarney, owner, with Wllhelm &
Taylor, contrac.ors, to erect a a-story irame build-
Inic on NE corner of Thirteenth and Mtevemon
1 streets, lor $.733; C. A. Meiusdorffer archi
tect.
I John ■ Beuttler, owner, with J. Burner, con
' tra.ior. to «rect a a-stor/ frame bull ling <n X
j line of Haljrht street, ti2:6 E of S(o t for $279);
M*rtens <t Coffey archlects.
a Or. Gibbon's Dispensary,
C>2s KEABST NT. Established
in INS 4 for the treatment of Private
Dinenses, Lost Manhood. Debility or
disease wearing on bodyandmlnd'and
Skin Diseases. The doctor cures when
others fail. Try him. Charges low.
Cnr«<ra*ianl«-rd. Callorwriie.
Sir. .i. »'. uIBBUN. Box 1»57. Francisco.
1112
SAN FRANCISCO '"CALL."
BrBINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco Cai*—
710 Market street, open untU 12 o'clock every
Bigot lo the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street,
comer Clay: open until 9:30 o'clock.
SS9 Hayes street, open until 9:3o o'clock.
615 Larkln street: open until 930 o'clock.
BW. corner Sixteenth and Mission streets: open
nntli 9 o'clock.
2618 Mission street: open until 9 O'clock.
167 Ninth street; open until 9:30 o'c.ock.
IM)S Po:k street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
NW. corner Twenty-second and Kentucky
■treets: open till B o'clock.
NOTICE OF MEETINGS.
mr^sr EXCELSIOR LODGE NO. 166. F. •
B?-£? and A. M.— The officers and mem- _^%_
bers of Excelsior Lodge nr^ hereby notified TClf
to assemble SATURDAY. April 24, at 1 /V>
o'clock p. it., to participate In the laying of the
corner-stone of the new Masonic Hall of Mission ;
Lodge. By order of the W. M.
TIIEvJ. K. SMITH, Secretary.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
R^S» THEY .-ELL ALL KINDS OF DRY
IFj^ goods hosiery, underwear, bedspreads,
towels, table-covers, laces, embroidery, linings,
trimmings, veilinits. etc, very cheap at Pioneer
Dry-goods Store. 105 Fifth sU
O^S» THE PACIFIC HEBREW ORPHAN
Bf2e' Asylum and Home Society hereby give
notice that they have admitted i-.to the orphanage
from January 1, 1897, to date, th» following half-
orphan girls and boys. viz.: David Joseph, aged
10 years 10 months; Robert Joseph, aged 8 years
6 months; Milton Jurescb, aged 3 years: Dottle
Mayer, aped 10 years: Eva H. Marks, aged 3 |
years William Silverman, aged 13 years: David I
Silverman, aged 11 years; Joseph Siiverman, aged '
B years; Albert Silverman, aged 4 years 6 months: j
Arthur Deutch, aged 10 years; Ralph Deutcb,
a?ed 8 years.
rs> NOTICE 1b HEREBY GIVEN THAT
m : Sr the Maria Kip Orphanage of 638 Folsom su
has received the following orphan and half-or-
phan girls from December 31, 1896, to April 1,
1897: Carrie Elizabeth NH-kerson, 8 v ear* 1
month; Cecite Hilloise Williamson, 9 years; Char-
lotte Montanya, 8 years 8 months: Phoebe Mon- j
tanya, 6 years 11 months; Milfred Nelson. 12 !
years 9 mouths; Helen Beatrice Reglan, lyear;
Elsie May Kni:ds>n, 8 yean 10 months: Mabel ;
Dannevig. 10 years 4 months; Lillian Dannevig, 5
years 1 month; Edith Howard, 10 years 3 months; j
Nellie Simons. 11 years 2 months: Harm Flor- .
eoce Cdlum, 6 years; Madora Sharp, 1 year 8
months.
I£^S» BAD TENANTS EJKCTKD FOR *4.
w<& <olle. t.ons made: aty or country. Pacific
Collection Co.. 415 MonU'v -•.. room 6: tel. iSBU. ;
SITUATIONS WAXTEU-rKMALE.
SUPERIOR FIRST • CLASS PROTESTANT 1
cook, with the best of references from one of
cur best families in city. Is desirous of securing a {
situation in an American family. Can be terurt-d j
by applying to J. Y. CROSETT & CO.. 316 fuller,
SCANDINAVIAN SECOND GIRL WITH i
O best of references wants sltnatlon. Apply to ■
J. F. CROSETT & CO., 816 Butter st
STRONG CAPABLE GERMAN HOUSEWORK i
k3 girl desires situation; good cook; 2^2 years In i
last place: city or country. MISS CULLEN, 323 '
Sutler.
WEDISH HOUSEGIRL; GOOD COOK AND
O laundress; best 01 reference; city or country;
20. MRS. NORTON, 814 Suiter.
"YTUMBER OF GERMAN AND SWEDISH
-«-* g:r s awaiting situation-! at MRS. HIRD's,
721 ■ His SU: telephone Sutler 52. _
RESPECTABLE YOUNG WOMAN WISHES
position to assist second work and care for
chl'dren; no objection to short .lstance in the
toun ry. Address 1 Troy place, off Hyde St., bet.
Sacramento and Clar.
A J IDDLE-AGED WOMAN WaXI'S SITUA-
-I'l tion as flr>t-class cook: understands Ameri- !
can and German cooking; no objection to country;
best of city references, call at 621 Minna, up-
stairs.
YOUNG AND ATTRACTIVE EASTERN
X lady desires permanent place in bachelor's or j
wf-.ower's home as housekeeper: no objection to
children. 2.3 Post su, room 1, second floor.
ACCOMPLISHED AND REFINED YOUNG
X\- lady (French) desires a housekeeper's place,
or will be companion. 123 Post st., room 2.
W" ANTED— A GOOD. STEADY WOMAN
»» work as cook and laundress; city preferred.
1065 Market st.
ITUATION WANTED BY COMPETENT j
y..u hi 1; is good cook and do housework: '
3 years' reference. Call at 1610 Bh>.<t st.
ANTED— BY COMPKTENT GIRL SITUA-
" tlou to do general housework; city or country.
612 U'Farrell at. |
_^ I
RESSM KER — FIRST-CLASS HITER:i
stylish draper and designer; thorough dress-
maker by the day. 104 '.rove su
Ri 8 PECTABLE WOMAN WISHES POSl-
tion ashousekeeDer in ho. el or lodging-house:
will do chamberwork; best city reference. 328
Jessie st.
YOUNG GERMAN <;i!;L WISHES SITU 4-
X tion to do light housework Call or sddresa
119 Alblou aye., beL Sixteenth and Seventeenth.
"VTEAT COLORED GIRL WISHES POSITION
Xi as nnrsegirl i.-. private family. Address C. G.,
box 65, ca 1 office.
1KL.15 YEARS. WISHES SITUATION TO
do light housework and assist with children;
prefers to sleep at horn?. 1053 Howard su
OODGr KM AN GIRL WISHES PLACE AS
VT seamstress or s airs work: good nurse; best
of r?ferenc-s: seep home. 122 Grove si., bet. Van
Ne.-i and Polk, lower floor.
XPEKIKNCED HOUSEKEEPER WOULD
-J like position Id widower's or bachelor's house-
bold; country preferred. Apply 88 Ninth sL
room 17; call after 11 a. it
WOMAN WISHES SITUATION TO DO
»» housework ana cooking: will do plain wash-
ing: wages 10; city or country. 924 Washington
St., near I'oweil.
YOUNG WIDOW WITH SEVERAL YEARS'
X experience desires place as housekeeper In
hotel, bache.or*s or widower's home; no objection
to country. Room 1. 223 Pos St.
pOMPETEXr CHRISTIAN WOMAN DE-
\J sires position as housekeeper; used to care of
milk; city or country. Call or address House-
keeper, 474 Jessie St.
situations wanted by Swedish and
k? German girls: sewlnc, v; airs work 1r ceo-
eral housework; references. 613 Ninth st Oak-
land.
U'IDOW DESIRES POSITION AS HOUSE-
" keeper; will do plain sewing at home. Call
821 Mission st., room 6.
WOMAN WANTS SITUATION TO DO GEN-
-11 eral housework; . wages *15. Address M. L.
box 79, Call Office. '
YOUNG WIDOW DESIRES POSITION AS
X housekeeper. Call 110 a fcddy st., room 7.
TRAINED NURi-E WISHES SITUATION.
X 100 l Mission sU
YOUNG GERMAN GIRL WOULD LIKE PO-
X sitlon to assist in light housework. Call at 616
Green st.
WIDOW FROM NEW YORK WANTB A PER-
»» mai ent position as typewriter. 187 Seventh
■v, room 10, second floor.
SITUATION WANTED AS COOK IN A KES-
O tanrant or merchants' lunch. Address C, box
16, Call Office.
W A N T K DBY A FIRST-CLASS LAUNDRESS
" worn by the day, w ek or month; can do ui>
shirts, fine flannels 19071/ i Mission st., bakery.
SUFKBIOB SWEDISH LAUNDRESS AND
chambermaid desires situation; reference*-
city or country. 323 Suiter. ««="ces,
<>UNO LADY WISHES POSITION AS
housekeeper, or will do {lain sewing. 821
Mission su, room 5. I
pESPECTABLE GERMAN MIDDLE-AGED
Xl/ man and wife wish positions in boaiding-
house: wile pood cook: man todochoiei. addSt
this office or 130 Second su
VOUNO PARISIAN lady IN REDUCED
X circumstances desires a lucrative position as
housekeeper in hotel, widower's or bachelor's
home; will do pUin sewing. 1122 Market, rm. 31.
YOUNG LADY (PARISIAN) DESIRES A
X housekeeper's ; lace: good disposition; prefers
lodging-house, widower's or bachelor's home; city
or country. Rooms 10 and 11, 122 Post su
EASTEKN YOUNG LADY, ACCOMPLISHED
an 1 experienced, wants a place a.- housekeeper
In bachelor's or widower's home. Room 2, 223
Post su
.'OMAN WITH A YOUNG CHILD WISHES
' » to do housework; city or country. M. C, 227
Second su
SW DISH WOMAN WANTS WORK BY THE
day washing. Ironing, cleaning, etc. Address
418 Day- St., i ear Noe
young lady Di SIRES position AS
X housekeeper. 121 Montgomery at., room 8.
pERMAN GIRL; GOOD COOK AND HOU-vE-
VJ keeper. Call or address 1b23V 2 Turk su
BY COM PETE NT SCOTCH GIRL, SECOND
work a: d sewing or waiting: wages $25: city
reference; hours '1 10 6. 772 Bryant, near Sixth.
* YOUNG WOM * N FOR HOUSEWORK, CITY
X or country; good references. Please call or
address 7 14 Point Lobos aye.
COM PE I E i SWEDISH WOMAN WOULD
\J like some washing and ironing and houseclean-
Ing by the .lay: first-class dress. 16 Morris
aye., bet. Fifth and Sixth, liarrUon and llryauu
ouno Norwegian GIltL WISHES NICE
X Christian home to work; must b« ProteaiauU
137 i oisom ak
ItrTATrOXS WANTED-Contlnnefl.
WANTED- SITUATION AS HOUSEKEEPER
il In ci".. or country, or position as stew«rd"ss
on a deep-water vessel. Apply 109 Giant aye.,
room 12.
YOUNG woman (Protestant) would
X like situ 'lon as second girl: 8 years' refer-
ence; wages $-5. Address 2106 a Liavenworth sU
YOUNG GERMAN GIRL WISHES POBITION
Xto do housework. Y. W. C. A., 1221 O'FarrelL
/.- 1 C LAI. KIN-BRANCH OFFICE Of THE
Ult) CALL. Subscriptions and want ads taken.
WEDISH WOMAN WANTS 1 0 GET SOME
O washing and cleaning by the day: no objection
to city or country. Call at 6 Treat uve., near
Thlrteentn st.
PRACTICAL AND ATTRACTIVE YOUNG
X lady desires to secure a place as typewriter and
stenographer; no objection to country. Rooms 3
and 4, 309 -uttor 8U
BY ELDERLY LADY AS HOUSEKEEPt-R
I > in widower's family or for bachelor: best refer-
ences: city or couu.iy. M. A., 1563 Fifth su,
: Oakland.
"\l r ANTKD- SITUATION* TO DO GENERAL
IT housework in Oakland. Call or address 964
Cypress su, Oakland.
GOOD GIRL, 14 YEARS OLD, WANTS PLACE
yj fti family to wort or attend children. V. D.,
box 13, Call Office.
GERMAN* GIRL WISHES WORK AS COOK
or second girl; wage* $20; references. 1813
DuponU
A TTRACIIVE YOUNG LADY OF AMIABLE
-A disposition desires a position as typewriter or
copyist. 1-OJ; Geary su, room 2, first floor.
YOUNG GERMAN WIDOW WISHES PLACE
X as housekeeper in widower's household. R. 1,
106 Fourth st.
"WOMAN WISHES POSITION TO DO CHAM-
»» bur work. 44 Perry su
f'-\ C LARKIN— HKANCH OFFICE OF THE
Uli) CALL. Subscriptions and want ads taken.
YOUNG FKENCII '.IRL WANTS PLACE TO
X do light upstairs work; Ural-class reference
given. Address P. M., box 106, ( all Office.
YOUNG LADY OF GOOD APPEARANCE
X desires position in dry-goods store, speaking
good French: no objection to small wages. Ad-
dress A. M., box 106, tail Office.
YOUNG ACCOMPLISHED EASTERN WIDOW
X desires a place as managing honxekeeper;
bachelor's or widower's home preferred; will do
plain tewing Room 3. 1".'0 V.» Geary st.
SITUATIONS WASTED SiALK.
/CHINESE A JA PANFSE; EST'D 'JO YEARS;
L>htlp:teLmain 1997. BRADLEY i Co. .640 Clay
FIRST-CLASS ENGLISH BUTLEU AND
valet with the very best of references desires a
, situation. Apply to J. ft CUO-sKT/ A CO., 316
> utter su
HANDY MAN, CAN MILK, DRIVE AND DO
garden work, wishes situation; best refer-
| ences. ANDRE'S. SUB Stockton su
| Air AN 1 ED— BY AN ELDERLY MAN PLACE
j '» as cook, chorea, etc. : small wages. Address
! MARTIN A CO.. 7*9 Market su
HCN'I ER A CO., CHINESE AND JAPANESE
XX employment office, removed to 614 ; , Califor-
nia su, near Kearny. lei. main 231.
CBINBHK AND JAPANESE EMPLOYMENT
office: best help. 414Va O'FarreU. Tel. E. 426.
JAPANESE, CHINESE MI'I.oVM T OFFICE:
v waiters, hou&ecleaners. 30 Geary: teL red 143.
AM KEE— CHINESE AND JA PKNKfeK EM-
SAM KEE— CHINESE AND J A PEN KSE EM-
ploymetit office. 611 V» Bush St., nr. Grant aye.
JAPANESE INTI LLIGENCE AGENCY. K.
60, Su Ann's bl't, 6 Eddy sU; tel .* aln 5234.
pAKDEXER, COMPETENT IN EVERY
VT branch of gardening, carpet-bedding, green-
houses, flower an i vegetable growing, wishes situ-
ation; private p ace preferred; city orcounir- : ref-
erences. Address Gurdener^ox 60, Ca 1 i flice.
| RELIABLE MAN DESIRES A POSITION AS
I XV janitor or work of any kind; is aenreful driver:
undeis.ands painting: can hang paper: also clean
1 wall p per or fresco work. Address H. M., box 19,
i Call Office. . -
|
WAN TED-BY A FIRST-CLASS BARBER,
«» position in city or "country; country pre-
ferred. Call or address 15 Klssling st., bet. Elev-
; enth and Twelfth, Howard and Folsom.
BLE-BODIED MAN, 22, WANTS WORK;
city or country; good milker: can drive and
care for horses; aso all other general work. H.
A., box 41, Call Office.
j TTXPERIENCED MAN WITH WIFE WISH
> Xli position in hotel: man as barkeep and wife as
i chambermaid; country preferred. A. W., box 86,
Call I ffice.
i YOUNG MAN WANTS SITUATION ON PRI-
{ X vale ace; thoroughly understands care of
< horses, cowa and gardeu; references. A. C, box
93, Call.
(•if; LAKKIN— BRANCH OFFICE OF the
Ulw CALL Suoscriplious and want ads taken.
JAPANESE, HONKST BOY. WANTS A SITU-
O :.iion to do cooking ana housework in the city.
Address 3-19 i Minna st.
IRsT-CLASS CARRIAGE AND WAGON
T backsmith; also horseshoeing. 191 Shipley.
\'OLNG MAN. 19. Wo I 1 D LIKE PLACE. TO
X learn carriage blacksmithing or ho;se hoeing;
nag some experience. Address 469. Minna »:.
YOUNG GKRMAN WAITER, WIIII EXPE-
X rience. wish portion in hotel or restaurant;
wage* *30 Addie sA. \V., 1103 SU-veiuOfl st.
VI AN AND WIFE, NEW ENGLAND PEU-
i'l pie, private place; man understands ci.re of
rattle, horses and grounds, general work; wife
Competent housekeeper, cook or second work; city
or country. Address J., box 54, Gall oilice.
IURST-GLAbB Ri TAIL CA.MJV -MAKER
X I wants employment; city or country. Address
O. R,, 21 Pond su
A lAN AND WIFE WANT ANY KIND oF
-'I work; city or country. 142 1 ownseud.l-i rear.
(■i^ LARKIN— BRANCH OFFICh: OF THE
\J 1 O CALL: !-übncrinnous an i want, ads taken.
"If KW ROOMS TO CARE FOR BY RELIABLE
£ party. Address B. 8., bjx 109, Call office.
fiARPENTER WANTS WORK: IS AN EX-
\J peri on leaky roots; repairing old work a
specially. Address S. h., box 85, Call.
If IRST-CLASS COOK WISHES A SITUA-
X tion: hotel or restaurant; city or country. 72
Juniper su . >
SW CO!;. SIXTEENTH f<T.. MiAK MIS
sion: branch office of lUi Call. buo-
I t< rijuions and want ads taken.
i ANTED— SITUATION AS MINE FORE-
M man by a practical miner, wit a best of refer-
ences. A duress Miner, box 60, Call Office.
OHGANI>T AND CHOIRMASTER WANTS
a position: thoroughly competent and experi-
enced. 610 o'Farreil su
T> RANCH OFFICE OF THE CALL. 167 NINTH
XJ m — Want ads and subscriptions taken.
JAPANESE (VKKY YOUNG BOY) WANTS
situation as schoolboy; 'wages no object. Ad-
dress T. »., box 16. this office.
JAPANESE COOK WANTS SITUATION TO
do washing and housework; wages $30 up;
good references. Address B. F., box 9/, office.
" V 7 MUXTUOIIKRV COKNEK OK CLAY—
O**i open until 9:30 o clock: branch office of
the Call: subscriptions and want ads. taken.
ANTED— BY A YOUNG MAN A POSI-
»' lion as porter and shipping clerk: has bad
■ • J.-si years' experience In last place. Address Por-
ter, box 65, Call office.
STEADY BOY, AUK 16, RESIDING WITH
O parents, desires situation. Z. U., box 163. i a.L
ENGLISHMAN WANTS SITUaTIi N ON
XJ gentleman's place; good groom: can milk
cows, etc ; references. A. C., box 93, i all Office.
GERMAN WISHES Mil LA TION: UNDER,
stands care of horses, gardening, etc ; handy
man around the place; good references. 11., box
79, Call Office.
U 1 - LARKIN— BRANCH OFFICE OF TUB
"1" CALL, subscriptions and want ads taken.'
ENTLKMAN ' 36, UNIVERSITY EDUCA-
»' tion. speaking 6 la guases well, desires posi- |
tion as manager, instructor or companion in pri- j
vale family; salary last question: excellent ref. r-
ences. Please adure :» S. P. jsTERNaU, 814 Lar-
kin st.
POSITION WAN >-.V FIRST-CLASS CUT-
X ter and tailor: reference given. Cutter, box 9,
all Office.
POSITION AS HELPER IN MEAT MARKET;
-l some experience: honest, sober and reliable;
referen«<BKiven. Address 11. c. LAURSEN. 627
Commercial at. -
A MARKET BRANCH OFFICE OF THIS
Call: want ads and subscriptions taken.
C 1 RONG BOY. 17 YEARS OF AGE. WISHES
O to work oi a ranch. 1206 Polk s-
V|-UJSE, VaLKT a.VW ATTENDANT' WILL
Xi fclve services m return for fare to England-
-6% years' experience; • references, fccot Call
Office, Oak lan
9^\9f< MlssloN — SUISSUUIPTIONd AND
— — ' • »ant nds taken for THE CALL. .
WINCHESTER HOUSE, 44 THIRD BT.. KB.
Market: 200 rooms vsc o *1 50 per nUht;
fl 60 to $8 per meek; convenient anil respectable-
tree bus and \ a ;.-:: c o ant Iroiu it:.. rrv.
BOARDIXO'' WANTKI).
ROOM AND BOARD WANTED FOR LADY
XV and 3 child 3 and 6. Address 8 Essex su.
Rlncon HUL
■■ - .' ■'••.'*>.■■•
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, APRIL 23, 1897.
FEMALE HELP WANTED.
OFFICE GIRL, 94 A WEEK: SECOND GIRL,
$20: girl. Illinois St., $15: girl, Howard st.;
$15; girl, Pacific St.. $20: girl. Harrison st-, $15;
girt to learn dressmaking: girl, !ay lor St., $1 5;
Kir., Broadway, *-V; girl for Niles, $20. girl, Scott
st.. $ 20; girl. Go'den Gttte, aye. $15; girl. Oakla' d.
JJ-'U: girl, Gllroy, $15; 13yonn^ qMs, $8. $10 ami
$12 per month, assist, etc., nice families. MAR-
TIN & CO., 749 Market su
"I H WAITRESSES $^60 TO »6 A WEEK;
1 U waitress Tru> kee, Ckl., $20 and room; chamb-
ermaid. $12 slid room: chambermaid and watt
some. $18 and room: lunch and dinner waitress.
$;: 60aweeK. MAUTIN & CO., 749 Market St.
HEAD WAITRESS. $25, AND 4 SIDE WAIT,
resses, $ - .'O and room: country hotel. MAR
TIN & CO., 749 Market su
SECOND GIRL, BERKELEY, CA $20,
O etc.: see party here 9toloa. M. MARTI &
CO., 749 Market Bt.
»> CHAMBERMAIDS AND WAIT S ME:
-• country; $15 and room. MARTIN' & CO.,
749 Market su ' .• .
HEAD WAITRESS; RKSORT HOTEL; $30
and room. MAKTIN & CO., 749 Markeu
: :
C>hambekmaid, WAIT SOME; $20 AND
\J room. MARTIN & CO., 749 Market su
GIRL, BERKELEY, CAL.. $20: SEE PARTY
here. MARTIN & CO., 749 Market su
TRONF.R: COUNTRY LAUNDRY; $36. MAR-
X TIN & CO., 749 Market st.
WOMAN IHONER. LAUNDRY, COUNTRY
'» town, $35; hotel cook, near city, $35: 2
lroners for same pace, near city, $20 and found;
2 waitresses, city hotels, $20; head waitress, first-
class hotel, #35: chambermaid, Alamela (see
party here,), $iO; chambermaid, country hotel,
20; 4 young j;irl» to assist waiting. $10 and $12:
Germau cook, private family, $30: cook, hotel,
near city. $36; German girl for upstairs work and
sewing, $15; French second girl, Alameda, $15:
cook, private family, city, $25; girl, housework,
Oakland, $18; 6 girls, housework, $20; 8 girls,
houjeworu, $10 to $15. C. B. 11ANSE.N &tO.,
HOiiearyst. v
LADY CLERK FOB THIS OFFICE; $5 A
J week. C. R. HANSEN A CO., 110 Geary st.
"WANTED— SCANDINAVIAN OR GERMAN
11 cook for small family at $26 per month: cook
for Jewish family. $30:' cook, wash and irouer,
Menlo Park, $£0: 6 girls for general house-
work in Gem. an families. $20 and *25: girls for
general housework for Redwood City, «g»; Davls-
ville, »25; Berkeley, $20; su He;ena, $25: ban
Jose, $20; 4 second uirls ior country. $16 ami
*20: German second girl. $25; German nurse.
$20; French second girt, $21); 2 waitresses fir
nice restaurant, J6 a vieeit: waitress for <-ouu r--
hotel, $20. fair paid, nud others. Apply to J. F
cRosETT as CO., 316 Suiter st.
VrtTRBE. $25; HOUSEWORK GIRI, KI'R.'.KA,
J-i 526; an ford, $20: 8 housework gir s, city
an?« country, %M and $25; 6 young gir s as assist-
ants, $10 10 $15. MISS CULLEN. 323 Sutler St. ■
GERMAN SECOND GIRL. $25: GERMAN
vJ chambermaid, lnstltutlou, $20. MlsS CUL-
LKN, 323 Sutler si.
[REFINED GERMAN NURSE; $20. MISS
It CULLEN. 3.'3 butter St.
IJEFINKD PROTEST AN'l NUR^K; CHILD 3
XI years: $15. MISS CULLKN, 3.3 Sutler sU
COOK, $35: SECOND GIRL, SAME HOUSE,
$26. Miss CULLEN, 323 Sutler st.
IV AITRKSb, COUNTRY, $25. MISSCULLEN,
11 323 sutter at.
v: > a i woman to cook at the minks.
-1-1 $25t053.1. MURRAY A READY, Leading
Employment Agents, 634-636 Clay su
"VTEAT YOUNG WAITRKSS FOR A HOTEL,
i-i short distance in the country. $.0 Apply to
MURRAY A KKADY, Leading Employment
Agents, 634-636 Clay su
/ • I KMAN GIRL TO TAKE CARE OF CHIL^
*X Area and assist, $20. MRS. LAMBERT, 306
Mason st.
CHAMBEI'.MA ID, ASSIST WAITING. SHORT
\J dis ance, summer resort, $20; call early. MRS.
LAMBERT, 306 Mason sU
aUVO cooks, $30: WAITRESS, $J5: 2 NURsE
X girls. $1. and $20: girls for housework MRS,
HlRi>, 721 Ellis st.
TNVALID-NURSE. $25: 2 ii KM * N NUR-*E-
X girls. $25, $20; nousegirl, family 2. $25; house-
keeper, country. iIHS. NORTON, 315 Suiter sU
\\r ANTED— YOUNG AMERICAN GIRL TO
*" assist In housework in a small family; oppor-
tunity for a respectable young lady accustomed to
household duties to ootain a pleasant home: small
wages; references; oiuy those desiring a perma-
nent place need apply. Address P. o. box 84, tan
Rafael, cal.
VI IDDLE-AGED WOMAN TO CARE FOR
I*l children; must have best reference; no other
need apply, at office of Hotel Falrmounu 1714
Mar su
If IFT V LADIKS FOR BALLET AT AUDITOH.
X I iam Theater, 9:.0 to 11:30 to-day and Satur-
day.
\\ r ANTED— GIRL TO DO COOKING. WASH-
»» Ing and light housework. Call at 2500 Wash-
ington St.. cor. Fltlmore.
YOUNG GIRL FOH DOWNSTAIRS WORK
; X who understands German cooking; wages $25.
1207 Gouijn st.
WAN TED-FIRST-CLASS SLEEVEM.AKER.
** 126 Kearny. room 29.
j MAKKr.I' s>T.— BRANCH OFFICE OK iXiJi
"i Call: want ads and subscriptions taken.
YOUNG GIRL APPRENTICE TO LEARN
X coat making. Apply 634 Jessie sU
"Wanted— s SEAMSTRESSES AT once
»* 733 Market ■ .
VI ANTED— WOMAN AS HOUSEKEEPER.
«» 410VSi seventeenth su, near Valencia.
WANTED— YOUNG WOMAN fi)K HOUSE-
-11 work: sleep home l(fz Welsh st., cor. Fourth.
OD NG WOMAN I Olt HOUSEWORK; MUST
X sleep at home. 201 Powe.l sU „
"V'OUNO LADY OF GOOD APPEARANCE.
X Hypnotic Institute, 1346 Market st.
ANTED- YOUNG LADY TYPESETTER.
»» Address 8., box 18. Call Office.
/^l - LAItKI.N- OFFICE OF TliK
yJi-U Caul: subscriptions and want ad«. taken.
WANTED - SPANISH OR PORTUGUESE
»» lady housekeeper. Address JOsE COSTA.
167 Niniti st '
SPBaCßltn lONS AND \V AM Alls FORTHB
Call taken a. branca ottice, oJ'j liayea «v*
open un: i :3'J o'clock.
L INISHERSON CUSTOM COATS; STEADY
X work: goo I wages. 106 Lattery st.
GIRL AS PANTS OPERATOR AND ALSO A
finisher; steady wort 131 i/a Ed .y st.
T.-'IRsT-CLASS TAILORED BOWHAY. 504
J: suiter st.
/•I C LARKIN-BRANCH OFFICE OF THE
\JXkJ CALL. Subscriptions and want ads taken.
V OUN. , girl TO DO LIGHT HOUSEWORK.
X Inquire 2114 Devisadero su
WANTED— 2 GOOD WAITRESSES; WAGE*
$5 week. 106 Second st.
BEST AND Q( ICKKST I LACK ON EARTH
to learn dressmaking and millinery; patterns
25c; rail and *••• our mammoth lnsa.utlon.
MCDOWELL'S. 103 Post su
rpAILORES-i ON CUSTOM COATS AND MAKE
X buttouholes: good wages. 140 Russ St.. In rear.
SF. DRESS-CUTTING SCUO L— FRENCH
. tailoring taught; $1 week. 916 Market, r. 54.
MOST CONVENIENT AND RESPECTABLK
Winchester House, 44 Third st . near Market"
JO I rooms: 26c to $1 5u per night; $1 60 to .$ i
per week: tree 'i,m mid i.i.^-ac* to ami Irom ferry.
MA! HELP WANTED.
Of) MORE MEN TO DKIVK 2 AND 4 HORBK
," v team* for a large banking company to build a
lar^-e canal: steady j b: an excep tonally tool
place; we sent 20 m.-n yesterday call early
MURRA A- RKADY, Leading^ mploym. nt'
6848 nlB ' 634 and 636 Clay .v; telephone Main
■MB,
/• BLACKSMITHS AND HOUSE^UOERS
" different places ciiy and country: camp black-
smith: wai;uij ma^er and wheelwright who .in
! help blacksmith, see boss here; blacksmith's
I helper who can lack on shoes; wages from $1 M
day, $2 60 day. $2 75 day. $45 per mouth a d
fon d. and two blacksmith- hops to let on Khans
pood layouts; blacksmith for a ranch. MURRAY
A RHAU\, 1 «uding Employment Agents. 634
aud 626 Clay St.; telephone Main 6848.
•_ 7 FARMERS. CHAR I) AND VI\FVAH.n
O i |,».,d*,»25. $20 and $15: 3 bo,, to do' chore,
on randies. $8 and $10 ocr month; sheep shearer
MURRAY A KKADY, Leading Employ
Agents. 634 and 636 Clay at.; telephone Main
POVOI
pHEESEMAKER, COUNTRY, $30^ Xnß
\J found: 2 bu termaker... $-6, $30; 6 milkers
different place*. 'MURRAY A KhADY. Lead ins
l-.ir.pioyment Agents, 634 and 636 Hay st.: phone
5348 Main.
IACHA:;HYJIK.\, il 75 day; 20 WOOD-
I \' ciiop)>ers, $1 10 Cora; cabin boy, $10 and
found. M LRKa YA RK \DY. Leading Enjpioy-
inent Agents, 634 and 6£6 Clay st.
LABOR I- lIS FOX. LA HOE CITY COMPANY
$20 and found: 5 strong >•■ un« men to learn a
traue, $15 and foun I and increase: 3 teamsters
city. M UK.. AY A READY, Leading Employ-
ment Agents, 634-636 lav su
I". COOK--. 850. $45 AND $30: 2 SHORT-ORIJER
c; cooks. $10 a week; 4 waiters; -a dishwashers.
and .*2O barber lor a country shop. Mi R-
AjV<saai':, KAl)V ' Lea '"X Employment Ageuts,
644 636 flay >t ; telephone 5818 Main..
rjKDINAKY A.YD SEAMEN FOR A TRIP TO
s«yf ' H^Sis?. U 637 CUy S? ?*s££: ****-
f?FT,P K'ANTFD-ronf'nn*''.
A MORE QUARIZ-MINKRS WHO CAN
" strike double-handed, $2 75 day: 3 more Scan-
dinavian or German miners, if 'i 75 day : 2 young
men to work around hotel crounds. country, $15:
2 farmers, $20: choremao. SlO to $15: 2 farmer.!
who can drive 8 horses, $20. C. R. HANSEN &
CO. 110 Geary su
WANTED TO-DAY — EXPiiRIENCI.D HO-
»» tel clerk, $50. C. R. HASBE.N & CO., 110
Geary st.
"JRONER WHO CAN RUN TYLER MACHINE,
x $35 and found; man and wife to wash and iron,
$50; ironer, *30; hand-washer, $26, for country
laundries. .C. R. ha.xsen & CO., 110 Geary su
|"^OOK AND WIFE. COUNTRY RESI'AU-
V_; rant, $35; man to make tamales, $25. C. R.
HANSKN ft CO., 110 Geary su
WANTED— ERRAND-BOY, $2 50 WEEK; 3
I » carpenters, plain work, $2 day: farmers for
fruit ranch, $20; assistant dairyman. »25; woo I-
choppirs, 7Uc, $1 and $1 25 cord; blacksmith, $30
and bo. id and increase; cooks, waiter*, counuy;
dishwashers and others. Apply to J. F. CRO3ETT
& 10.. 628 Sacramento st.
I "UrANTED-FLOORMAN AND SEOER FOB
".country shop, short distance, $2 perday: 3
farmers, Santa Clara County, $20 per month;
laborers, teamsters, farmers, cooks, waiters ana
dishwashers; neat waiters for coffee saloon, $7 per
week, and others. W. D EWER & CO., 626 Clay.
POOK. $46; BELLBOY, SMALL HOTEL; BOY
V/to wash dishes. $2 50 a week; cook, country,
$.5 and room: boy. $10. room, board, etc.: young
mail to earn cooking. $7 a week: boy to learn
baker's trade: second cook, hotel, $30 and room.
MARTIN CO., 749 Market at.
THIRST-CLASS TAILORS ON LADIES' CLOTH
x coats and suits: apply immediately. H.
LIKBES ft CO., 133-135 Pos St.
\\r ANTED— AMATEUR JUGGLERS, TUM-
'» biers, contortionists, comedians, etc., for va-
riety company going on tne road: also l.usiling
advauce agenu C. R., box 95. Call Office
Q. E. B.— MOTHER SICK. WRITE. ;
CITY SALESMAN. E. PINTO ft CO., 908
V 1 Market si., room 5.
QHOEMaKER WANTED AT 614 MONT-
kJ gomery su
WANTED— COATMAKER TO WORK IN-
»» side: also errand boy. 14 McAllister, rm. 19.
ELDERLY MAN TO T.A KE CAKE OF PLACE.
Call 9 o'clock. 214 Lan ton st.
..ARBKR WANTED FOR SATURDAY. 627
1' Sacramento
pOFFEK SALOON: RECEIPTS »60 DAILY;
\J neur Ciironic.**; cheap for cash. SPECK &
CO., 602 Market. \
I BARBERS— l-OR EMPLOYMENT CALL SEC
XJ P. C. Barbers' Assn. S. FUCHS, 325 Grantave.
JOURNEYMEN HAJ;..r.iis' KJ.i I'Lo i'
banrauury .11. i.eiin io.' -evtrsLn «v
S'JC BARBKH-SilOP: MUbT SEL.. TO-
•!? •«-'• day; 2 revolving chairs and fixtures.
241 Third su
"OARBER-SHOP FOR SALE, RUNNING 3
XJ chairs. Apply 36 Eddy st.
BARJiERS— GOOD 15-CEXT SHOP; MUST
XJ sell, n.44 MarkeU near Gough.
Tir ANTED— TO SEE THE SCOTCHMAN OR
" Irishman that can best me pitching quoits at
Thompson's place, terminus Powell-st. cable-cars.
ALEX. BUKN.s.
'J'jq HAVES bT. -BRANCH OFFICE OF
•'•»•' 'iHji Call; •übscriptloua ana waut ads
taken.
GOOD BCSHELMAN WANTED: ONE WHO 1
can make. coats also. TH. E. KENT, 697
Mission su
IZ-IRSI'-CLaSS TAILORS TO WORK ON
A ladles' coats. BOWH AY, 604 Suiter st.
SEAMEN ON COALINU VESSELS AND HON-
oltilu and .Mexico. 904 Kearny St., upstairs.
MAN AS PARTNER IN CIGAR FACTORY
aud store; help wanted; but small capital re-
quired; go. d business and a bargain. 20 i McAl-
lister st.
WANTED-TO BUY AN INTEREST IN A
" country barber-shop. Address D., box 47,
Cull Office.
ANTED— 3 STEADY MEN FOR COUNTRY
' * positions; must have $5 expanse money. 777
Market su
»-)qq HAVES— BRANCH OFFICE OF THIS
« >t)- 1 call: subscriptions and want ads taken.
LADY WISHES WORKING PARTNER
with some capital : good-paring business: will
bear investigation. Call 930 Vi His lon, room 2.
INE MhXICAN LEATHER STAMPER.
-T Tly^ Geary St., room 47.
pOATMAKKRs WANTKD— AT ROOM
\J 41». 927 Mnrket st., between 7 and 8 o'clock.
SHOEMAKER WANTED — FIRST-CLASS
man on repairing. 420 McAllister si.
W ANTED— BLACKSMITH AND HELPER.
»» 306 Fourth sU
f.07 AIONTGOMKttV bl., BRANCH OFFICE
• '—4 u'UkUU; waut aua buoscripuoiu
taken.
U'ANTI D- 2 OR 3 MECHANIC- TO ROOM
»' in private family: board optional: cheaprent;
locatlo.i Fourth st., near liryanu Address B. S.,
box 40, Call Ollice.
L-lIfT-CLAS-, BARBERS FURNISHED BY
p International Union Free Employment Bureau,
34 I-ourtn St.. the Modern. 1. Less, secretary.
OKOft MISSION — BRANCH OFFICE oK
— O~*J 'i uk Call; Mibscnpuoiu and waut ada
taken.
LADIKS' SOLING, 35c; MEN'S SOLING. 60c;
fine shoes made $2 up. 662 Mission st.
''{Mid |IAIK - ANOTHER LOT MEN'S
*•' v" been damaßfd by water, at less than one-
fourth their value, from 75c up to $2 60. 662
Mission t>[ , bet. Flistaud ond. " '
W ANTE 1 - MEN TO LEA UN BARBER
»» trade: shnps. tools, positions fnrnlslied: 8
weeks required. s F. Barber College, l«»Vi Eighth,
KLcHO Ho:; . bbS^a M<UtKlir.BT.-i.wvuci
Xli 20c. 2.V- to 60c nlen: . »1 10 $2 week.
THE ROSKDALE. 321 KLLI*— I PEST
and best lodging-house north of Market su
WANTED— LABORERS AINU MECHANICS
"to know that Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprie-
tor. still runs Denver House, 217 Third nu : IH
.»r^« rooms; 25c per night; $1 10 $3 per week.
EblMoN WANT.-. IOU ill .\ To *.ET BOX-
. lie beer or wine 6c: b»-st free lnnch. 64.1 clap
■J/»7 NINTH Sl'. . — BRANCH OFFICE OP
'"' 'in* 14LL. . tubscripllou aim want ada.
taken.
RESOLUTIONS ENGROSSED, DIPLOMAS
-It filled out ft all kinds of penwork. J. W. GRIF-
FITH. Heald's Koslnrss College. 24 Post »U
L'OH GOOD REPAIRING CALL AT CEN-
I tral Repairing Shoe Shop, 1534 Market St.. bet
Larkin and City Hall aye., or 749 Mission sU;
large stock new and second-hand shoes on sale;
shoes n ail • o order, any style, $3 up.
SINGLE ROOMS 100 AND 16c NIGHT, 60c
and 76c week. Llndell House, Sixth and ll wad.
SW. COR. SIXTEENTH ST.. NEAR MISSION:
C 7 branch nice of Tbi Caul, subscriptions and '
want ads taken.
\\ ANTKD.TOCOLLECTWAOEhDUK LABOR-
'' ersAclerks KN ox Collection Agov. 1 10 butter.
r J>Jt\ ACME JUiUsh; \jt JlAitkr-l'M.. Bit-
x low Him tor a room; -!t<. a, night; $1 i wmc
ROOMS. 160 TO 76c PKR NIGHT; 60oTo«l 60
Xi, per week. Oriental. 226 Dnimm SU
■
WANT ADa AND SUBSCRIPTION -. FOR
t » Thi Call are taken at Branch otliu* soaUf
west corner sixteenth and Mission sts.
(OH MEN TO TAKE LODGING AT lOC, 150
I "V and JO; a nignu including coO«m mil* tod*.
t24 Wa»hini(tou su. near KearnV.
BE-T IN CITY— SINGLK ROOMS, 16. 20 ANU
25 cents per night: $L $1 /5. $1 60 per wee*.
i'aclhe House, commercial and l.eldes><ortt sis.
W ANTED- SINOLh, ROOMS, 16cADAY; $1
' ' weeic; rooms for '2. 250 a day. $1 5u « *««,
rredint-room'. dally papers. . £6 Clay su
INCHEai HOUSE. 44 1 BIRD ST.. NR.
" .Ma if- 200 rooms, 25e a night: reading*
room: :re« dim and haTßire to an'l :rom trie •►•rr>-
AGENTS WANTKI).
U' ANTED- AGENTS. EITHER SEX TO
" sell cbo.ee go d mining company share.: large
commissions paid; tu.l particular*, prospect us,
etc., tree. Address CHAS. MARTIN & CO., Min-
ing Stock Brokers. Seattle, Wash. -
rpißEs, 60 PAIRS, PERFECT 97 FIRSTS,
'I- full guarantee: - best warranted garden hose
from 4 cents: mackintoshes and full line rubber
at factory prices. Mineralized Rubber Co., New
York. Agents wanted.
I A DIEs. TO HANDLE THE FAMOUS BEAU-
■I tlOers, Kiri-ptlan Enamel, Medicated . Cera'.e.
lit" I 1., 131 PostsU .
WASTKD-MISCELLANEOt'S.
WANTED— 10 BARBER CHAIRS; MUST BE
»» cheap. 761 Howard at,
GAS ENGINE FOR SALE; BARGAIN. CALL
\J or address 620 Bryant su - • .
OLD GOLD AND SILVER BOUGHT. W n
MIND, watchmaker and jeweler, 226 Kills at.
JiUILDINOS BOUGHT: LUMBER. BASUE4
XJ doors, mantels, etc., tor sale. 1103 Mission st.
cell Your books, clothing ana» jew-
O •dry to A. JCUBIN. loa uuui ULi aaad poaul.
EDUCATIONAL.
ANDERSON'S ACADEMY AND SCHOOL OF
■A. Mathematics:' pupils prepared 'la day and
evening classes and by private lessons for Callor-
nia and Stanford universities; teachers,' marine
engineers' and civil service examinations; special
cv r classes: mathematics mechanical ■ drawing;
liitrii school pupils coached. It., 402 Parroti bldg.
SCHOOL OF PHYSICAL CULTURE AND
Elocution, 1215 Octavla st., -an Francisco.
MISS ELIZA MACKINTOSH, pupil of Professor
G. W. Baynham, Glasgow, Scotland, and graduate
of the School of Oratory, Philadelphia, Pa.,
teacher. Office days. Friday p. v. Saturday a. v.
HKALD'9 BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 POST—
Bookkeeping iuslupm practice, shorthand, *
typing, telegraphy, languages, English branches,
electrical engineering: 20 teachers; 16.00U gradu-
•lea: day and evening sessions; catalogue.
AY RES'. THK LEADING* COLLEGE. 33
Montgomery st.: Individual lnstructloa ta
abonhana, typing, bookkeeping, telegraphy, eta :-
lie scholarship $50: low rates Der week and mo.
"DELASCO'S LYCEUM SCHOOL OF ACTING—
XJ Private theatricals arranged; pupils rehearsed
on stage. R. 6 and 12, L0.0.F. block, 7th and Mkt
LEO COOPEK. SCHOOL OF ACTING AND
Opera, rautomlme and Acting; study of reper-
toire and vocal music. HI 4 Geary st
ENGINEERING SCHOOL; MECH.. ELEC
civil mining, survey, assay, arc hit., X ray
latutht; ea.1864. A. VAN PER NAILLEN.9S3 Mkt
OOKKPNG, WRUNG, ARITHMTC. GRAM?.
day Anight: no classes; $5 month. 845 Mission.
"t>ANJOTACGHT TO BEGINNERS, 25 CENTS
XJ per lesson. Address a., box 76, Call Office.
PIANO, GERMAN, 75c; PUPIL LElPSlCCON-
servatory and German High School. 110 Hydest
SINGING; PIANO; PARIS GRADUATE;
tench. Herman languages: $2 ma 109 Taylor.
GtITAK. MANDOLIN PIANO AXU VvJVaM
lessons. $3 mo. Mary West bans, Hit Fifth.
INSCRIPTIONS AND ANT ADS FOR TUB
Call taken at branch uutic* t»w Hayea m.:
open until 9 :30 o'clock.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
ARE YOU ABOUT TO PURCHASE A PIANO?
■«• We sell them for $>, $4, $5, $6, $7. $8, $», $10
per mouth; also fur cash: the best makers of every
grade; don't pay rent when the lame monthly
payments will purchase one from us. SHERMAN,
CLAY & CO., cor. Kearny aud butter sis., Btein-
way dealers.
A BSOLUTELY THE OLDEST AND LARGEST
XX house west of Chicago Is KOULER *
CHASE'S. 26, 28 and 80 (.)' Karrell Si.; pianos, or-
gans and all other musical instrument*, of all
grades and prices; terms easy: prices lowest;
every possible done to please and satisfy the
customer.
CTU..LLY THE BEST BARGAINS IN PI.
aiiot; monthly payments from »5 up; deliv-
ered free with stool and cover; correspondence
solicited. THE F. W. SPKNCSR COMPANY,
salesrooms 933 Market »v, opp. Mtuou; «staa
iished over 20 years.
ON A FIDE REDUCTION' IN PRICES-
Halnes. Knabe, Bush & Gerts and others; sec-
oisa-baud pianos from $10u up. W. C. HAMIL-
TON, successor to A. L. Bancroft <fc Co., 324 i'osU
©1 (\(\ ELEGANT GROViiiSTEEN FULLER
iFI\J\J. piano, $5 installments. 221 Leaven-
worth sU
Qfl s ?~\ RODGERB' CABINET GRAND
«TJ-^-<«». Krankeu: other bargains- HORNUNG.
210 Post st.
* DMINISTRATOR'S SALE— MUST SELL;
■£*- pianos at Immense reduction for cash or on
installments. EATON ESTATE, 735 Market St.
HAW, bTEINWA\, *260; CUICKEKING.
$185; bargain*, $4 a month; a nice small up-
nght, *05. HEINE, 13ti Ellis .it.
ABRUENN PJANO: WILL CHARM YOU:
see it before you buy. 228 Post st.
VIiARLV NEW BABY GRAND STEINWAY;
-L.l great bargain. 1021 Van Ness aye.
BARGAIN CAN BE HAD AT MAUVAIS 1 , 769
Market st.: agency Deoter <& Son's pianos.
RAKE CHANCE; GOOD UPRIGHT CHEAP.
SCHMITZ. 16 McAllister, next Hlbernla Bank
AT BUKIUA.N, CLAY & CO. ONLY W l-Ll.
you rind a slock of new stein way pianos.
WH. BADGER. SOLE A ■•EXT FOR HALLKT
" ■£ Davis and Francis Bacon pianos. 415 nacta
YKON JJAIZV, bOs i 1 >.-.!' M.-^HMtil,
Newbr & Evans, Bri^s and other pianos.
SUPERIOR VIOLINS, ZITHi-.K*. OLD& NEW
OH. MULLER. mak*r, r^pnirer '1 .a li»ra piac*.
JDENTISTS.
VAN VBOOM A CO.'S ELECTRO- DENTaL
I'ailors, 997 Market st. ; lady attendant; no gas
or other dangerous xnaestbetics given; electric. ty
the gr^at agent used to relieve paiu; teeth tilled
and extracted painlessly by our new electrical
process: a written guarantee given with all work
done; lowest prices, best worn; all surgical work
attended by G. W. Williamson, M.D., p.iyaiclan
and surgeon: examination free by theu-eoi our
new electrical appliances: porcelain and gold
crowns: bridge-wuik arid teeth without plates a
specialty. Electro-Dental Parlors, 997 Market st.
pROOME DENTAL ASSOCIATION, 759 MAR-
V. ket, iet. 3d and 4th; pats specialists: painless
extracting, with gas, $1; p:ates, $7 up; fill, $1 up.
I'ULL SET OF TEE 111. $7: WARRANTED*
i years; painless extraction: see our new combina-
tion plate: thinnest, lightest, coolest plate made;
warranted 10 years: Idlings. 60c; crowns, $3 50.
CHICAGO DENTAL PARLORS. 24 Sixth stree'-
©7 FULL SET TEETH: BRsT MAKE;
»_ • • kept I i repair; extracting free; filllngs,sOo;
crown*, $3 50. Pacific Dental Parlors, If Third.
"POSITIVELY PA UCS.-I EX I RACTION, DR.
J. HARDING, 600Sutter cor. Powell: tel. mains376
Dl^ J. J. LEEK. 1126 MARKET Si.. OPEN
evenings: Sundays till noon; dentistry taught
COL'iO.V M-..NIAL Ab>OUIA XIO-N, bOo -a. Alt-
ket st UK. CHARLES W. DKCKKIL
(3«7 A SET FOR Tl-.HTH— WARRANTED A3
♦u 1 I good as can be made; filling $1. DR siiiits,,
(Sentlst, b3U Markec st.. next Baldwin Theater.
PAINLESS KACITON, SOC: CROWN
X nridge work aspcciidty; plates $5 up: lSyearr
experience. R. L. WALSH, UD.-x 816% Geary.
I\R. LUDLUM UILL. 1443 JIAUKIiT ST, NIL
\J Eleventh; no charge lor extracting when
plates are made: old plates made over Ilka ne*;
leeth trom $8 per cet; extracting 6uo; gas ctveo.
i^Jt-l' or 1 Ei- ill hililkJUi A. » j--j. i— . u*i,
0 H. U Young. 1841 Polk su
I\K. UKOKUH W. LEEK, THE UENUINJS
•*-' Leek dentist, discoverer of painless extractloa
and patentee of improved bridge work or teeta
without any plate, moved from to 20 a FarrelUi.
ALL WORK i.EASONABLK AND WaST
ranted. . DR. J. U. KEY. 1320 Market at.
I.OST.
T OST— POLK. NKAR HAVES, MALE FOX
1 ' terrier: » hit ".with b'nek and tan head: leather
collar and bell: liberal reward. 21 Polk at.
Lost— a passbook withtuehibbrnia
Savings and Loatk society of San Francisco, in
the name of EMMA CRAM; No. 212252. The
finder will please return to the bank.
"I OST— SHRINER's BADGE AND PIN; FIND-
XJ er rewarded. THOMAS 11. BROWNE, 20
Front su •■•.-■'yj-i
OST— WHITE ANGORA CAT; BLUE EYES;
reward. till Hyde St. *::
FOUND.
SMALL RED LOW— CAM K TO 240 NEVADA
aye.; owner can recover by paying charge.
, CAKPUT CLEAXINU.
pITY STKAM CARPET-CLEANING WORKS:
V- cleans, moves, ays carpets. G. H. sTKVENS,
Mgr n 38 acd 40 i-.lgntii st. ; telephone South 250.
JWa ITS. reliable <arpt-i-cleauiug renovtg. alter-
. atlon works. 413 McAllister. TeL Jessie 321.
CARPEI-. LEANINd, 8c: LAYING. Sc: RUG
VJ samples free; tel. resile 944. btrattoi, 38th
CARPET^ CLEAN KD,' RENOVATED LIKK
\J new. J. MCQUEEN. 4S3 Stevenson. Tel. 5.22&,
W JIEN YOU 81-.Co.ME DIaUUSI'KI> WITH
'» poor work send to SPA VLDING'S Pioneer Car-
pel-beatin^ Works. 353-57 Tehama St.; ML So. 4 1.
ADVAACIi. *,^RPKT-Ct,i-ANl^»i CO., 40J
butter; I el. Main 394. UEO. WaL( OM, prop.
pARPETS CLEANED A RKNOVaTKD LIKK
■ new. WT»lllll. m. South :.t> Mackintosh it Co.
JE. MIi'CHKLL, CARPET-*. LEANING UU,
. 240 14th su : cleaning Sc a yard. Tel. Mis, ft
pONKLIN'S CARPET- BEATING WOKlia,
\J SHit Golden Gate aye. Telephone East 1-6.
BICYCLES.
TANDEMS, «'96" PAT! Eli. \, GOOD AS NEW,
$70 and upward; bargains in second-hand
wheels. Golden Rue Bazaar cyc.e department*
26 G»-ary si. - ' • - ;
DISSOLUTION OF COPARTNERSHIP.
VIOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN OF THE DlS-
i.™ solution of partnership of the firm of 11! IK
OKi llsl -, painters,. Mr. Uucjt to assume all
responsibility. *
PROFESSIONAL CARDS.. -
JOHN E. RICHARD^ LA W OFFICES. ROOM. 4
J 26 and 27, Crocket Milum; Miayuou* Maul
96, Kan i- r«uicu«n Cai. '
BUSINESS CHANCES.
HIGHEST CASH PRICKS PAID FORFURNt-
tore, restaurant, saloon fixture* and grocerr j
stocKs. STKNBKUG, 632 Market; tel. main 1043.
fflj 1 *>Fin PARTNER IN FIRST-CLASS ICE-
«IP I — O\J. cream and candy store and factory :
wholesale and retail: factory fully equipped ior
large trade: money to be used in business. sTEN-
BERG A CO., 632 Market sU /
C?9nn BRANCH BAKERY. NOTIONS ETC.;
•V *-*'-'• good location; rent $11: present owner
here 6 years. STENBKRG & CO., 832 Market su
©'^A RESTAURANT: FINE LOCATION;
} <J\.i. sprivate4inln«-rjom3:lowrent: lease;
owner has go.ie >.ast and this must be sou.
STENBERQ A CO.. 632 Market St.
©1900 B ALOON AND 6 FURNISHED
MDIi.UU. rooms; best corner north of Market
su; doing good business; present owner 8 years;
will take clear ranch. SiENBERG A CO. 632
Markeu
ffljOr.fi A BOARDING AND ROOMING
<]r*JU\J\J. house: centrally located; large
grounds: low rent: 26 finely furnisned rooms;
cle:.rss2oo a month: always full: every investi-
gation. STENBERO & CO.. 632 Market St.
()00 CORNER LIQOUR-STORE: BEST
*T U V -*, business street In city; good stock;
nicely fitted up: no better place in town for the
money. STBNBKuG & CO., 632 Market su
CfcT^n GROCERY AND BAR; ONE OFTHE
«Jp I U\J. best corners In Minion; large, new
stock: aolng good business: low rent; living-
rooms; no opposition. bTENBKRG. 632 Market.
<Q* 100 BUTCHKRSHOP: GOOD CORNER
l UVJ. Western \ Addition; rent $16 60;
including stable: cuts 3 cattle, 14 sheep, 2 calves
weekly: horse, wagon. bTENBERa, 633 Market.
ffljt'An SALOON IN EXCELLENT LOCAIr
*Jp\J\J\J. ity: one of the oldest established and
best known places In its neighborhood: rent rea-
sonable: large stock: does a business that would
justify an Investment of at least SI OOO. which will
be proved by a trial; thorough investigation
allowed to any one meaning business; satisfactory
reason for selling. M. LESS, 5 Fourth st.
fflj^Cft stationery. variety, CIGARS,
<Jr\)O\J. notions and school supply store; In best
business part of Western Addition; cheap rent 4
living-rooms: positive value in sight; near school.
Mi I.E. s, 5 Fourth st. :r :
ffl»f'AA GROCERY AND BAR WITH 4 SUN-
«Jr>UV/V/. Ny living-rooms: low rent; north of
Market St.: old stand; value in sight. M. LEbS, 5
Fourth su
ffljOO" RESTAURANT; MAGNIFICENTLY
»„•)—•'. furnished; on good street, 2 blocks
north of Market st.; cheap rent: crowded during
meal hours. M. LESS, 6 Fourth st. ••■ ;
ffl»1 f\{\(\ CORNER.' GROCERY AND BAR:
*IPXvv/l/. a few blocks north of Market si.;
finely fitted op; good lame stock on hand; 4 nice
living-rooms; rent. low. M. LESS, 5 Fourth st.
CrCnfi .FINE SALOON BUSINESS A FEW
*}PiJ\J\J. 'doors north of Market su, in the vicin-
ity of the bald win Hotel; ola established, well-
known plare; one of the most. handsomely fur-
nished paces of this kind in the city; has a flue
class of trade; is doing excellent paying business;
rent reasonable; easily wor b $1600 to anyone;
trial allowed. M. LEsS, 6 Fourth su
<E«9?;rj PARTNER WANTED IN MANU-
«2>^-O\J. facturing Lnsim-ss: established 9 years:
owner has Government position; must sell at
once; investigate. M. LE 8, 5 Fourth su
p ROCERY BUSINESS (WITHOUT BAR) IN
VI busiest location: good horse and wagon: has a
Kind paying cash tn.de; bargain. M. LESS, 6
Fourth st.
•ft 1 *?()(! saloon; ONE OF THE finest
tiPHiVV/. and oldest places; in Immediate vi-
cliity of many large theaters: elegant private
room*; magnificent fixtures; clears $150 to $-00
per month. M. Hiss, 5 Fourth st.
<stlO[ft CORNER FAMILY LIQUOR
tip . VF« , -; store, principal street in heart of city:
positively $15uO stock on hand: must be sold at
once on account of death In family. M. LESS, 5
Fourth st.
<5;f'AA partner WANTED— IN OLD-ES-
-1 f- tablished iou;trybu I ness, in popular
market: goo I horse and wa^on; clears $200
monthly. M. Lh.>s, 5 Fourth sU
(fell All RESTAURANT; ACROSS THE
«iP - 1 -LV«. bay: entrances from two streets;
present owners In same place over 7 years: re-
ceipts over $10 JO per month, other business cause
of sale. M. LEss, 5 Fourth st.
ffl?Or;A CIGAR -STAND: LAUNDRY OF.
<Sr£*KJ\J. flee: old place; club rooms: near Mar-
ket: receipts $7 a day. jiauKKiT & BASILE.
873^ Market su
ffijlXn BRANCH BAKERY. CANDY, NO-
«IP1«JV. tions; north of Marke l .; rent $11: re-
ceipts $4 to $6. BARRETT <fc BASILE, 8731 A
Market su
fir I (\(\(\ KESTAURANT PART
•ipj-v/WV/. cash, balance on time; positive proof
that receipts are $900 or more per month' cheap
renu Apply W. F. HEALY, 917 Market st.
(I;Q7P» RESTAURANT AND COFFEE SA-
<TOI«J. loon; receipts $10 to $16 per day.
j H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market st.
I pIGAR-STAND FOR SALE: BKfeT OP LOCA-
j \J tions; stock all new; party leaving the city.
Inquire W. D. HENDHICK.-=ON. room 40, Chron-
-1 icle building. . ";..
ALOON— CHr.AP; TRANSFER CORNER;
O low rent; lease; selling immediately: cause
sickness. Apply Call Office or IS Dame st., near
] Thirtieth.
ANDY, ICKCREAM STORE, FACTORY,
soda tain; doing good business: near Call
building: man.coffer. Apply 45 Third st.
OLD-ESTABLISHED RESTAURANT FOR
VJ * ale cheap; on account of sickness. Address
B. li., box 1-1, Ca>l.
RESTAURANT; GOOD PLACE FOR MAN
XV and wife; cheap. Apply this office.
(GROCERY* ANl> BAR, WITH LIVING-
VT rooms. Apply this office.
p ENTLEMAN PARTNER WANTED BY A
VI young widow. Room 8, 207 Post su
<)-CHAIR BARBER-SHOP FOR SALE: GOOD
Sd locality. Apply this office.
MAN WITH $100; MONEY MAKING; NO
triflers; money talks only. M. C, box 19, CalL
CIGAR--TAND CHEAP; RENT FRi-E. 639
California st.
HALF INTEREST IN ONE OF BEST SA-
loons in city. 639 California st.
RELIABLE MAN TAKE FULL CHARGE OF
XV branch business: has en conducted by pres-
ent owner 20 yean; will clear at leas'. »18 per
week to start with: certainty of increase; must
have $160 lash. 777 Market su, room 7.
lA CASH ONLY — FINE ROOMING
tPZi\J\J house; Van Ness aye. ; pr.ee $450: bal-
ance without interest; re.it free till May 5; 14
rooms; itiil: call afteruoo..s Ask address at Call
! Branch Office, 339 Haves su
T7IRST-CLASS SALOON, WITH FIRST-CLASS
XJ profitable trade, for sa: or exchange for other
property; reason, sickness. Address aYEUS &
CO., 465 Ninth si., Oakland.
SMALL CAPITAL TaK-.S A MEAT MAR-
► ket established three years and pitying nice
proat: investigate this. Address Bargain, box 66,
tall. .'.'.v.";.
lOAR, NOTION, RESTAURANT; INCLUD-
in« two buildings: on leased ground: bargain;
on account of retiring from business. 608 stanyan.
p OOD PAYING BUSINESS; GROCERY AND
VT bar; ba.-emenl attacheJ. 1501 Powell su,
cor. Vallejo.
RESTAURANT: CHEAP; GOOD LOCATION.
IV must sell this month; utensils worth double
asked: Investigate this. 824 Larkin su
<a?lfinn thoroughly ESTABLISHED
l""v. saloon: $400 can remaic. 616 Market.
OR SALE— SI6O; FISH MARKET. HORSE
and cart. 1026 Oak St., near Devlsadero.
o^l Al\ FKUIT AND CIGAR STORK FOtt
tlpXttV. sale. 2-Oi.j Leav.-nworth at.
HEAP-CORNER SALOON " AND CIGAR-
\J stand owner going East. 516y a Geary su
VOUAG WIDOW FROM INDIANA WANTS
X gentleman partner, 1.00.i 2, 223 Post su
TO KENT-HOTEL. NEAR CITY; FINE LO-
ration: two lines of cars pats the door- good
chance. Inquire SWKENY'S shoestore, »7 sixth.
ffiji >;f\ PER ACRE FOR HALF INTEREST
*$)X.£O in 640 acres of mineral land, 7 miles
from RanOsburg. Address Land, box 77, Call. ,
mo LET OR FOR SALE-COR. GOTTINGEN
X and ~ill!m.»u sta., 3-acre chicken ranch; new
bouse, 5 rooms, inquire 721 i-olsoai su
fftfiOO GKOCKR T AND BAR: LOW RENT;
«IpU<-M'. 1,0 opposition. Apply Call Office.
LUMBIJSG-SUOP. I.s QUIRE 660 MISSION
street. £ - . •■
B RANCH BAKERY AND NOTION-STORE;
±f living room: good business; cheap. 227 Ninth.
1,-irst-class bakery for sale or
X renu Apply 71 2 Valencia su
GOOD PAYING FRUITSTOBE FOR SALE
cheap. Apply Call office.
ffl.^9' SALOON; FINK LOCATION; HEAP
ii ,*— JcF * re ' v; Rood nxture.: well stocked; 4
living-rooms: worth $600; owner going EasU
Apply this office. . .
© I f\f\ SHOEMAKER- SHOP, MACHINE
<jpxv»v. md 100. s; targe trade; reni cheaD;
owner going East. , 1361 lentil St., Oakland.
EASTKHN YOUNG LAD* DKSIRES GEN-
; tleman partner. Room 5, 860 Market st.
TO LET— CIGAR-STOKE, WITH FIX IURHB;
rent cheap. 17. 9 Mission su ■
FRUIT AND VEGETABLE STORE; KKA&ON-
able. 2103 Mission, near Seventeenth.
GOOD-PAYING UEsTAURANT l-'i >R SALE:
VT owner has other business. [ Apply 210 Druaim.
BUSINESS CHANCES— Continued.
G>Zf\f\ FIRST-CLASS CIGAR-STORK; THE
rSOUU. bes: location on Kearnyst.: fine fix-
tures- large patronage; owner has other buiiness.
Apply WILKE, 783 Market
flr« , Ann restaurant IN OAKLAND;
rh iU'"'. goo" 1 location: no competition; owner
has operated for 7 years: receipts $1000 or more
per month; owner , going Easu WILKE, 783
Market aU . '- '^
a*anf\ saloon on terminus ov
tthDUl/. streetcar Hue: fine fixtures: doing a
good business; cheap rent. WII.KE, 703 Market.
ffl ,orn CORNER SALOON: VKKY BEST
tlhtiOU.nocatlon; rent *20: owner keeps -3
places: must sacrifice; a first-class bargain.
WILKE, 783 Market at. ■,■...
&Gf\f\ CORNER SALOON ON KEARNY
«jpDUv/. St.: old established and money-making
place- few blocks from Chronicle; rents 3»; beat
business offer. WILKE. 783 Market st. ■ • : .
jt.nnA SALOON: ESTABLISHED YEARS;
7frZ.\J\J. close to Third and Market sts.; living-
rooms; rent $50; rnakeoffer. WIIKE, 783 Market.
Cfc ,m BRANCH BAKERY WITH 3 LiV-
«!p'JOU. Ing-rooms; rent $22: a genuine good
business o« r: daily receipts $14: kept by owner
lor yuan; rarest chance. WILKK. 783 Market su
dM A AA*iTi) $20.00 WANTED IN AN
tip 1 U.UUU enterprise producing and manufac-
turing a staple article of dail consumption having
a steady sale all ov.r the Pacific Coa-st; invest-
ment will yield handsome profit and at least 6 per
ce.t, payable monthly, win be gu ranteed 1: in-
vestor cannot give active s-rvices at fair compen-
sation at some one|of| principal cities .of the coast.
Address a. M.. box 148, this office. . * } . , ;
T7«XPERIENCED GROCKRYMAN WITH
Hi about $600, to invest in an established grocery
store; good chance for reliable, sober man. B. a.,
box 43, Call Office. -■ . - -• . ■- ;
p ROCERY AND BAR FOR SALE; TWO
IT blocks from Market st. Inquire CARTAN
MCCARTHY & CO., 312 Sacramento st. ,-■■ ;.•*-, ,,
FOR SALE— CORNER GROCERY AND BAR
in Mission : well stocked and good trade; cheap
rent. Apply 224 Front st. ■ ;" : 1
1 ERIOR AGEN( V OF A SAN FRANCISCO
X morning paper. 660 Howard su, city.
ARGvIN: RESTAURANT; MUST BE SOLD.
Apply 145 Fifth su ;•; ■ ■;: '-:. .
OJ. 1 O(\ PROVISION AND DELICACY
ilplOl/. store; cor. Twenty-fifth and Shot well
sts.: 4 living-rooms and bath; rent $14. Inquire
on premises. r > ■'■■ii ■.-:
TSUTCHER-SHOP TO LET; FIXTURES:
XJ Western Addition. 1208 Scott St., near Eddy;
key upstairs. <
Tj-'OR SALE —SACRAMENTO AGENCY OF
A this paper. For particulars inquire Call Office.
"PORTLAND AGENCY THIS PAPER. IN-
X quire this office or at 133 Third St., Portland,
Oregon. .-;. » .-
CANDT, ICECREAM, STATIONERY AND
notion store for sale; Fourth su. near broad-
gauge depot. a duress A. PILTZ, ban Rafael, CaL
INE EXPRESS TEAM AND WAGOnT
X I mast be sold at once. 211 Larkln st.
HALF INTEREST IN HORSESHOEING-
shop; cheap, account sickness. 329 Eddy st.
ITY itOUi£. t\Jii 9AL& aPTIT IHI3
Office. ,
LODGING-HOUSES FOB SALE.
■1 C ROOMS, SUNNY CORNER, $750.
J-O 20 rooms, pays $75, fine, $1250.
23 rooms, lust newly furnished, $1000. .
24 rooms, bargain: make offer; $600.
44 rooms; guaranteed profit $125: $1500.
83 rooms; 16 baths: elegant; part cash.
100 rooms: rent $250; new: modern.
WINSTON & THOMAS, 646 Market st
SICKNESS COMPELS PARTY TO SELL
0 newly famished house of 23 rooms at a sacri-
fice. WINSTON & THOMAS, 646 Market st.
99 ROOMS, SUNNY CORNER, CLEARING
Z. 4. $100 $1,500
17-room house, clearing $80 per month. 750
10-room house, rentou:y $40 250
2 ; -ro m boarding house, $350 cash 900
22 rooms, fine corner 650
10 rooms, sunny corner, cost $800, price.!".. 350
14 rooms on butter 360
7-room house, only 250
H. C DECKER, 1020 Market su, opp. Fifth.
«t7?;(| HOUSE OP 26 ROOMS; BEST LOCA-
•IP I %J\J, lion on Mark t st.; a rare bargain-
owner is leaving for Europe. WILKE. 783 Market.
O-l ROOM WELL-PAYING LODGING-H .USE
*J L on Market St., opposite Seventh: must sell-
no humbug; lowrenu Apply room 68, 1170 Mar-
ket su
LODGING-HOUSE, 33 ROOMS, FOR BILE
JLJ cheap; rent $50. 739 Fo.som su
A CHANCK FOR A FORTUNE— NEW
■ty Waldo lo.ig rig-house, the best paying lodsing-
tooise in the city, running full steadily, is for sale,
as the present proprietor wishes to retire from,
business, having real zedenough money 10 live on-
no price set; an offer wanted. Apply on premises,
7«5 Mission su, from 12 to 3p. M. : no agents.
GERM-iN BOARDING-HOU^E WITH BAR
and 33 rooms; all in best condition; well filled
with steady hoarders: is on a> count or sickness-
given away for any price. Please address A. X..
box 34. Call.
<Bll*-?n 6-ROOM LODGING-HOUSE; NEW
l ""■ furniture: $1* rent 167 Jessie st.
FURNITURE FOR SALE;
ENTIRE STOCK T. H. NELSON, DECEASED,
now being sacrificed to close estate: household
furniture every d.scrlption, new and 2d-hand: pos-
itively below cost; geuuine closing ouu 126 4th.
V URN ITU RE 4-ROO.M FLAT, 175; RENT
X *ltt; 2 rooms rented $5 each until May J.
•1914y 2 Centra! aye.
t-CKMTURE, STOVES CARPKTS, COUN-
X' ters, showcases ANDERSuN, 1121 Market.
SAVE MONEY— BUY J- URNITURE FROM
Buckingham Fur. Co., 866 Mission: advances.
Household ranges akk THE best
JOHN F. MEYERS CO.. 947 Market St.
"FURNITURE WANTED.
AT INDIANA AUCTION COMPANY. RE-
moved to 1171 Mission su. near Eighth, tele-
phone Mint 1393. you get highest cash paid for
merchandise, furniture, art gouus, pianos, libraries
KST PRICKS FOR FURNITURE, MD981."
etc. STREET* CRESWELU Auctioneers. 927
Market eu rm..U6. Houses bought in their entirety.
IF You want ouol> pricks fok furni-
tura and merchandlie «hi» BUKT). 211 Larkln.
fOR SALE— MISCELLANEOUS.
7-AiONTH-OLD SHEPHERD AND ST. BED.
• nard pup; trained and fine watchdog; $15. W.
D. SCHKANZ, 636 Market su * W#
p EM OF DIAMOND STUD FOR $45; WORTH
VI $80. Uncle Harris, 16 Grant aye.
TA R SALE— NO. 2 REMINGTON TYPE-
-L writer; fine order. 638 Mission st.
S'iAfk SCHOONER. NEARLY NEW; 25
-"". tons. Wharf, Walnut «v, Alameda.
HEAP, ON ACCOUNT OF DEPARTURE;
\J complete furni-heii ark; will exchange for
park lots or lease tor summer. Belvedere, box 94.
Call Office.
1 ATHEB, PLANER*. SHAVERS, DRILL-
Xj pressers. gas-engines; second hand. 515 Sixth.
OR 22-FOOT SLOOP YACHT; COM-
plete; skiff and moorings. 08 First st.
fiMin AERMOTKR WINDMILL AND 2000-
-'OTiOyj. gallon tank, In good condition, together
with gpJvamzed piping, for sale. Apply of the
owner, 3824 Nineteenth st.
• AUNCH FOR SALE; 25 FEET, 6Va BEAM;
!■> cabin; 6 horsepower: $900: new. L., box 41.
1 all > ffice.
SAFES— NEW A..ND OJECOND-HAND. 609
Market su • ■'•. ■-"' ;,? -."-•
ICYCLKS, NEW, HIGH GRADES. $45; BIG
bargains in second-hands. Waverley Retail,
216 McAllister at Wholesa.-e, 61 First st-
/■-FOOT PORCELAIN BATHTUBS $10 EACH;
U in perfect order. H. s. WHITE, 516 Mission.
Vlsw CA>B-i;MiisiKi>s FOR >aLk or TO
Jli rent MAGUIRr., 130 Ransom" St., room 9.
bulLEß.>,Ji.\(ji.\i!..>,.i>uA.N 1> MAv.IU.VKKV
XJ water-pipes. Mclntosu A Wolpmao. 137 Heal*.
CUifKa MiLL. £nJAI*K», I.X; Ilill I'KKSat
stand desk, money. till, safe; cheap. 102 Clay.
L.AKS, SbOWIASKS, COUNTERS. SHKLV-
\i ing, etc., bought and so.d. 10ti3 Mission, nr. 7th.
LA. UK DuUBLK CoMIAUTHiuM' COI.H
bank aafs; chea,'. . fc Mission su
AKS, BACK liAliS, 'AiIKROKtN SHOW-'
a cases, counters, linoleum, ottice furniture,
tore and office furniture and fixtures, new and.
second hand. J. N. UNJIA, ICIT-iuL^-lUi'l-lOii
Mission su, above bizth.
■VTEW KLMWOUDHAN«K» ARK THIS IiEST.
XI W. a. RAY >IFU CO.. 12 California su
NX SMALL Mkl.iUM AND LAIU4E-SIZB
tire and burclar proof *»f» 109-111 Slaxket si.
ATTORNEYS-
ADVICE FRKK: DIVOKCK LAWS A SPEC-
lalty: private; no fee without success: probate,
insolvency, wills, collections, bills of sale, deed!
damages, etc.; private detective.: estab. 10 years!
O. W. HOWE. 850 Market st. corner Stockton
ADVICK FREE; NO CHARGE UNLESS SUC-
cessful. W. W. DAVIU.MJN. 827 Market st?
EW. KINO, ATTORNEY-AT-LAW, CHROX
• iclo buUding; advice tree; low lees; all caa«' HOUSES TO LET.
"CJ-OWaRD ST.. NEAR TWELFTH. NO. 160.2—
1 , - 1 .-siorr. 9 rooms; rent low to good tenant.
T A ELF IK, B TWEES MISSION AND HoW-
J •rd— 2-story and bus ment bav-wlncow; 9
! '/' : -' i and bath: rent low to good tenant.
(iOND ST. UFF -MIS lON, BET TWELFTH
-■ and Thirteenth— 2-s'ory, bay-window, 7 rooms
_»' bath: r ' nt low to a cooi tenant. Apply to Q
MBcaPP A CO., 415 .Montgomery at.. House
Kfr.tfcrs ana Real Estate .\geats.
JONES >T.. BET. JACKSON AND PACIFIC—
** --story, bay-wln4-w, 8 rooms and bith, with
pardon etc ; will be put in order for good tenant.
Apply ■>• C. S. ( An' A; CO., Real tstate Agents,
41 a Moctgom ry st.
HAVES ?-T.. BKLOW~FiLLMORK— FLAT OF
8 rooms and bath; re:it 8 Apply to C Si
CAPP_Ca, 415 Montgo-ierv st., Real Estate
Agenl3.
IriELL ST.. BETWEEN POLK AND VAN
N«">s— 2-story tay-wii.dnw, 7 rooms and bath.
Apply to c. S. CAW & c  415 Montgomery st..
House Renters and Real Estate Agents.
HOUBEOF9ROO RATH, STATIONARY I
washtubs. rirs:-clasB order. 819 Jessie, off9th. I
1 SsPlO HOWARD, COR.-si-R FOURTEENTH—
iOUU 3 sunny rooms; rent £9.
QflOK TWENTIETH ST., ABOVE VALKN-
«->U—cJ cia— Fine two story dweling, with bath;
rent che» p. Apply 3635 Twentieth"*!.
* CUNTKY HOME IN 'I lit CITY; HOUSE :
■^.x. of lo rooms, large grounds, stable, etc ; rent j
reasonable to responsible tenant: no wind or fog. ,
Corner South Brodorick st. and Buena Vista aye.
OUSKS TO RENT FOR VERY LITTLE
money at BALDWIN & HOWELL'S. 10 |
Montgomery st.
1 99; i BUSH - SUNNY HOUSE; ft BOOMS;
J _._' ' yard: r**nt ri>HS"nHrile to a good tenant.
10 It X I S II K D FLATS.
C»4;9 r-/\ FOR Ann.rs.4 COMFORTABLE
-.«_.t)VI. rooms: b.itn: _ bedi; _ stoves: gas
and c. a!. 1917 '.ear- si.
COTTAGES TO LET.
5 SUNNY ROOMS; CHICK EN-HOUsE; BARN;
cheap to nood tenant. Thirtictii. above Noe.
TT7- CONGO — SUNNVSIDE iHACT: 4
I lv rooms: new; or will sell On rental terms
*12 month. THE MCCARTHY CO., 64-> Market,
QC REAR COTTAGE, 3 ROOMS; QUIET,
I «_»J. sunny. 715 '1 ehama St., near i-.lghth.
5;O m COTTAGE: 18% PKUSPK'T AYE.
ij^O.O\J. Knqulr*? groc-ry. corner Powell aye.,
bet. '1 wenty-seventh and Twenty-eighth sts.
II NICK 4-ROOM COTTAGES, LARGE BASK-
— ment and yard; rm. $9. Harry place, Luguua,
between Filbert and Greenwich sts "
0 BUNNY MODERN 4 AND 5 ROOM COT-
-2 tages; rent very reasonable. 800b Webster.
TO LET COTTAGE 5 ROOMS AND BATH;
1 rent $18. 449 Bryant st.
FLATS TO LET;
(jn/i 6 LARGE ROOMS: LARGE YARD
O_.U. and stable: 4144 25th el, tear Castro.
$15— Lower flat: 1411 Guerrero St., near Army;
- 6 rooms; porcelain.
All AND SIB-FLAT OK 4 ROOMS: LAKGE
«^ll yard. 1017 Vi Union st., bet. Jones and
Leaven worth.
y>l J FLAT OF 4 ROOMS; YARD. 214
t_ X ~i . Eleventh st., near Howard.
790 EDDY ST., NX. VAN NESS AYE. -h.LK-
<_.«.> gant top flat of 8 rooms: modern in every
respect. inquire 810 Market st.
-.1 1 STOCK O;< ST., NX. BCSH— MODERN
« I L 1 flat of 7 rooms and bath; $30.
BEAUTIFUL MODERN, SUNNY' 8 ROOMS
X> aad ii&th. 1 :0V» Turk st., near Taylor.
>.)£(■ OAK-5 ROOMS, OK WILL SELL FUR-
_-O niture on easy payments.
CUNNY LOWKR KLAT WITH YARD AND
0 cellar. 624 O'Farrell s:.
Q>(j FOR 3 ROOMS; 9730 FOR 4 ROOM*:
• : <> clean and pleasant. _ Alas.a place, near
Mason and Bay sis.
(2; 1 O UPPER FLAT; 5 ROOMS AND BATH.
0J O. ] 6-.*, 1 2 Pine st , above Van Ness Jive.
DO YOU WANT A NKW FLAT OK COT-
tage; cheap. See s-Pj- CX <fc CO., 602 Market.
1 nC\i< POST- .1 4 AN) 5 ROOM FLATS:
i lUU Laths: garden; rent $15.
T^LAT 3 LAKGE SUNNY ROOMS: CELLAR;
-T $9. -9 Bingo. d st., near Ninth and Fo.som.
PLAT, - ROOMS. CORNER MCALLISTER
X a_d Pol- sis.
'•) I >JA O'FARRELL, NKAR BKODERICK— !
— ' «s*x Muniiv side; large 8-room flat, with Cath ;
and oth'-r modern conveniences: has two large '
Rt-para c rear ro.ms: ren: reduced to 9-0; mm: j
be seen to be appreciated.
"V"_.AT FLAT 6 SUNNY ROOMS!, 915; ALSO I
i.> sunny cottage, 11. Key 623 Secona st.
Q9H OAK NEAR PARK— 3- ROOM FLAT;
U~m\J 59; nice order.
""LATS TO LKT FOR V£KV LITTLE
X money M BALDWIN «_ HOWELL'S, 10 Mont-
(o— lery s -
Q-l - LOWER FLAT; 643 CASTRO, NEAR
tJi±O. 19th: 5 rooms: porcelain Oath.
fHEAP MODERN FLATS, _ AND 6
V. rooms. *Bto 916: ««• th>-m. .123 st.
HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS.
iiryant Street.
C I "I BRYANT ST.. NEAR THIRD— LARGE
UJLJ- sunny suite; running water; 910 per month.
Eddy Street.
CnQ ELLIS— 2 SUNNY FURNISHED BOOMS;
O\JG complete for housekeeping.
Essex Street.
8 ESSEX— 3 OR 4 ROOMS FURNISHED AND '
large yard.
Itlli) street.
"I A 7 FIFTH— PLEASANT SUNNY UNFUR-
-1 U I nished rooms to leu
Q-J A FIFTH— LAKGE SUNNY FRONT BED-
*JX.ri room and kitchen: bath: no children; pri- '
vate; $11. i
Golden Gate Avenue.
£9n GOLDEN GATE AYE.— 2 OR 8 SUNNY !
*J—yj iront housekeeping; also parlor floor.
Q()O GOLDEN GATE— A LARGE DINING-
O\JO room and kitchen for housekeeping: 912.
Q] ] GOLDEN GATE— NEWLY FURNIsHED i
Oil connecting rooms; also single room.
"1 A(\A ''OLDEN GATE AYE.— 3 FURNISHED !
±I\J*t housekeeping roams, 511; also larce '
nlngle, 95.
Harrison Street.
79A HARRISON— 2 NICELY FURNISHED
'*" sunny front rooms: complete for house-
keeping.
Howard street.
704 H OWAKD. COB. THIRD-FINELT FUR. !
• vanished sunny front rooms, cheap; also
housekeeping.
"I ] Al) HOWARD - NICE, FURNISHED
-L-L"— rooms, rent 94; with board $15; also
transient
1 t\(\f\ "OWARD-SUNNY KM.: COMPLETE
±\j\j\j for hoosek'plng; private family; rent 95.
<*«»»ie Mre«
V '"TO JESSIE. NEAR FIFTH -2 BUNNY
•-» I *J housekeeping rooms; f9.
Lafayette Street.
3l«l'iS«I S ? T^L B ? T - ELEVENTH AND
♦J-tg Xwelith-2usfurniabed rooms; rent $?.
A-_ikln Siroe..
J9PLARKIN ST.- SUNNY FURNISHED I
suit ?7 vp mS Lou «ekeeplng : front «logic or |
Market Street.
1 o°B MA^KET-2 KOOMS, 910; 3, $12-
-fiontrSmVcTap? "-**■ lor bousekeepTng ;
2098 1 "- 2OR rHANDSOMELY
_-U^O furnished sunny rooms for housekeeping.
McAllister Street.
794 1 McALLISTKR-NKWLY FURNISHED
I _j _t, front rooms with housekeeping privileges,
lUDna Stree;.
CAR MINNA - FURNISHF.D ROOMS FOR
•J'iU housekeeping; large yard.
MINNA -2 NICELY FURNISHED
'I Ju sunny housekeeping rooms,
_-_Mten street.
rf'«) MISSION — 2 SUNNY ROOMS FOR
•WO housekeeping; cheap
1 "1 Q^. MISSJUN-FURNISIIED SUITES "OR
' -LOO housekeeping: connecting; from 99 to
$10.
Seventh Street.
"] 49 SEVENTH ' (GIKARD)— SUITES AND
* "-- kncnens;al_o iooms:newly renovated
Siifi \i\ - FURMSHEO HOUSEKEEPING 1
dDU.OIJ. rooms. 653 Seventh su (
HOUSEKEEPING KOOMS — Continued.
Stockton Street.
1 QH7 STOCKTON — NICE FURNISHED
101 l I rooms tor housekeeping; rent cheap.
utter Street.
QOQB RUTTKR— HOUEKSEPING PORTION
O— furnished flat, with 2or 3 bedrooms.
Twelfth Street.
Q-|/-kl TWELFTH — NICELY FURNISHED,
' _. 1 Us kitchen, '_ bedrooms, dining-room, bath;
$20. •
*» -v >(«« Avuuae.
-! (\i-)-\ VAN NESS - AYE.. NR. GEARY— 3 j
Ju- I sunny furnished rooms; gas; range; com- •
plete; $-0.
ALiacellaneoua.
p. 97 MONTGOMERY. COR. CLAY — OPEN
OS. I until 9:3 o'clock: branch office of Tux
1 all; tul-i-crir-tlons >mi want «di« taken.
KOOMS TO LET.
Brannan Street.
79^ BRANNAN. ABOVE tIXTH-3 NICE
i — tj sunny rooms: 9ts.
■ , 1 , —
Bryant Avenue.
97"! ft BRYANT AYE., NEAR TWENTY-
•«IIO fifth— Lovely furnished looms; sunny;
near school; $12.
Broadway.
QQriA BROADWAY— SUNNY FRONT ROOM,
OOw furnished or unfurnished; reut reasonable.
-•-•h Street.
£1 A BUSH-NICELY FURNISHED SUNNY
Ul^r rooms; $8. •-! !
California Street.
7HQ CALIFORNIA — FURNISHED ROOMS;
•■ 1 V/O suuny; bay view: bath and gas; rent from
$ 4 up.
Clementina Street.
Q'l CLEMENTINA. BET. FOURTH AND
i.OI Fifth— Neatly furnlfthed Jront room In a
1 quiet, private house'; central and cheap: rent very
reasonable. BPVI
J i_ii:l. Street.
SHERMAN APARTMENT HOUSE, fa fTTH
i at., near Market: iurnlshed and unfurnished.
EIGHTH. NKAR FOLSOM-3 LARGE
i OIU rooms: rent $10.
Elizabeth Street.
i -1 9 ELIZABETH. NEAR GUERRERO AND
i .1 — Twenty -third— Furnished flat 6 rooms; rent
I $15.
•> ■•>' Street.
ROYAL HOUSE. 126 ELLIS— INCANDES-
cent lights: reading-room, smoking-room and
ladies' parlor: rooms per night. 35c to $1 50
week. &2 to $8; month, $8 to $30; elevator on
! office floor-, rooms with hot ana cold wa.er: baths.
ROYAL EAGLE, OPP. BALDWIN— NEWLY :
furnished suites: single; elevator, beaters, e.c.
.:tii street. '
THE COSMOPOLITAN — SELECT FAMILY j
hotel: 100 Fifth st,, cor. Mission: rooms
tOe, 75c and 31 per night; 72 to $5 per week.
X in ii;. in- Street.
99-1 A 1 FILLMOHE— 2 OR S FURNISHED '
_--__LT__l rooms: $6.
i «-i .- « > 1 1 1 Stree..
7 nni FOLSOM — A LARGE FURNISHED
I UUa room to let; $4; every convenience.
luiion Street.
3 FULTON (FULTON HOUSE) — NICELY i
furnished rms; single or en suite; $8 <_ $15 up,
Unary Stree;.
QQ7 GEARY, COR. MASON— NEWLY FUR- i
00 1 nishcJ rooms; suite and single: gents only.
I 791 Gr.AItY— HANDSOMELY FURNISHED
I l__l room: suitable for gentlemen; references- .
THE MARTINET, 1101 GEARY, SW. COX.
Van Ness— nandiome suites, newjy tarnished. '
i)one< Street.
m JONES— NICELY FURNISHED SUNNY
suite; private: $1-1. '_•;-,'
1 9/-V7 Junes (-the VAN winklk")-hand-
_-V' I somely furnished rooms, suites or single.
' — j
, i^carnr s»trooi.
__________■
A BLTTfGTON HOUSE. J27 xbabst —
Peasant sunny rooms, en rulte and single; first
class in every respect: lermi reasonable.
3i-ikft Street.
TTOSEMITE HOUSE. 1045 MARKET— PER
J. night, Ssc to $1: week. $1 50 to *5: families.
Martha Place.
6 MARTHA PLACE, SOUTH OF GEARY. NR.
Mason— Large sunny front room. 1 or 2; $s.
j.mii» >:roo..
AO~\ MINNA, NEAR SIXTH— NICELY FUR-
"Oi nlshe'l sunny front rooms, $5 to $9 month; :
j bo; baths; also houHekeeping.
C\i\ r 7 MINNA, COR. El .HTH— NEWLY FUR- '
UU 1 nished bay-window room; 91 per week.
Mission Mree..
COO MISSION— NICELY FURNISHED SUN- |
j U>>_ ny rooms: a quiet place; prices reasonable. '
HANCOCK HoUSr, i«l M.WHQS; f-KLKCT ;
family roocjing-h<.us9: 91 60 to 9 $ per week. '
I Q_t7 MISSION— FRONT ROOM: KITCHEN; |
! r>"± I completely furnished for housekeeping;
other rooms.
— — ,
>«;i'nu Street.
-AT NATOMA. CORNER EIGHTH — FUR-
I"I nished rooms housekeeping; aUo single, 94.
Norfolk street.
OQ NORFOLK, BETWEEN £LKV*NTH AND i
UO Twelfth, Foiscm and Harrison— Two nice
rooms (separate bu l.nns) fornistied complete for
houiekre^ing: sink; fauc-t; yard.
-«-t Stree:.'
7An POST— SUNNY ROOM, PARLOR FLOOR: !
1 Uu hot and cold water; bath; private family; j
for man and wife or genilemeu; price 9 1 5.
Q1 A PO»T- • UN-NY, Wh LL-FURNISHED
t/XU front room; for gentleman; closet: *6; ref. j
£ IX ill •- re*..
THE PIEDMONT, 119 a SIXTH— NICE SUN- j
ny rooms: modern conveniences.
—
Mte vena 011 Street.
Cf»Q STEVENSON, BET. SIXTH AND 6EV- ;
O\JU enth— sunny rooms, single or double; pri-
vate.
Stockton Place. .
THE EUROPEAN, JT PTOCKTOS — FUR- j
X nlahed rooms $1 60 to t'l 50 "per week: suites ■
$3 60 to 8« per week: by night, 60c to 91 60; hot '
and cold water; elevator: transient. ;
Taylor Street.
1 fIQ TAYLOR— LARGE ROOMS; 91 75 BUN-
XUt7 ny single; 91 26 and 91 60 week.
Teham* street.
049 TEH ASIA -2 NEWLY FURNISHED
« J T"_- sunny front rooms, with bath. etc.: also 3
connecting housekeeping rooms; quiet place. .
i uirn • rmmi.
O-I TBIRD-FURNISHKD AND UN FUR-
OX ulshed rooms, $1 week up; clean beds. 60
and 10c nor nichu
Thirteenth Street.
990 THIRTEENTH, N EAR HOWARD- j
_-_-O i^arge sunny newly furnished room.
. Valeric:! • stree;
191 VALKIVCIa, NR. TWENTY-THIRD— !
X— XV Sunny fnrnishta room.'
■— '*V«I I — lIUOU..
E LEU ANT FUBNBHED ROOMS, WITH OR
without board. n»>ar Morion Station. Alameda.
Address A. h., box 126, Call. 7.
f ~_rr«£fS a d BEST IN AMERICA-THB
VWttKLY CALL, Bent to any addreM In th«
United btatei or Canada one year for 91 CO. post-
aao free. .
ETOKE3 TO LET.
BAKERY, 1130 HOWARD; LARGE STORE
and 4 living-rooms; cheuD rent. -
A] 7 THIRD-2 ROOMS AND BASEMENT-
-1 1 also Hot. Apply 417 1,, Third st.
Q> I C ST> RE: 5 LIGHT KOOMS: EsTAB-
«IP 1 0. , llshei' saloon 12 yrs. 911 Folaom.iir.Fiftb.
Q.Q STOKE. WITH STABLE ATTACHED
tS)<J. sui able for fruit or produce; opposite de- '
pot, Twenty-fifth st. I
AN- 1 RAFAEL— STORE- TO L - I ; I.i)GA- !
tions suitable for furniture and upholstery '
fruits and vegetables, candy and notions. Gl o' I
D.&MEARKR <fc CO., Real . tta c Agents, San
Rafael: oppos tebrcadgaugu depot; open Sundays.
LARGE STORE, _ SHoW WINDOWS AND
Xj 4 large rooms; rent only $22 50. ___ Sixth.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, APRIL 23, 1897.
BOABDIKO A?.'l> KOOMS.
"I ADY WILL TEACH PIANO AND SINGING
J■> for room aad partial board. Musician, box 36,
Call office.
_______ __________ i
HOME TABLE: S( NNY ROOMS: RKASONA-
bie; references. 913 Golden (.ate, nr. Gctavia.
"V^ICK. SUNNY FRONT ROOM. WITH BREAK-
XI fast; $10. 7- 4% McAllister st.
7 i.i PINK ST.—^UITK OP ELEGANTLY
I "it) furnlihed parlors, with board, $50 per
month.
HOTEL FAIRMOUNT, 171 MARKET— NOW
open under new management; has been ar-
tistii ally tinted, papered and elegantly furnished
throughout: hot and cold water in every room
elevator* and every modern convenience; parties
now can have choice 01 carpets and furni.ure; the
table, under the supervision or XowasKie. the
well-known French chef, will be unsurpassed.
AI f> EDDY— FURNISHED SMALL ROOM,
izl— with board; $20 a month.
g/lQ VAN NEsa AVK NEWLY FDR.
CvO nlsfaed tunny room* or suite, with board.
719 POST— 2 LAKGE SUNNY ROOMS. WITH
•i_ Loara, lor _;$ 18 up; use parlor and piano.
"I AKGE ROOM, GOOD BOARD. FOR - WORK-
J-i ingmen: $4 week. 11 to 8. 119 Leavenworth.
OOIU FOR 2 GENTLEMEN WI H BOARD;
Geiman home cooking: #j a week. -.5 Valen-
cia st.
HOTEL BJiRTLING, 714 BUSH— A FAMILY j
hotel: refer DOM; all modern conveniences; |
};><lnon tan eg, if dt-slred: new management. 4
C_U_l>_UE.i i;«AKr>Ei>.
■\TICE HOME FOR 2 CHILDREN; MUSIC.
i.^ and clo>e to nooi school: $10 per mouth. Ad-
dresi MRs. E. L. BILLI-, Golden Gate, Alamedi
County. Cat. RUHI
OLD NURSK LIKE TO TAKE ONE OR TWO
children to board: ter_is reasonable and mo-
ther's care; ri-:la I". 5<5.; Bryant st., In the rear.
OFFICES TO LET.
99- POWELL, COR. GEARY-ELEGANT
*^'«' sunny parlor suite; newly renovate i; suit-
able for doctor.
SPKECKELS BUILDING, 9-7 _lAI;KKT~ST.;
lii;h:, peasant offices: cheap. ASHTON &
GARUINEn. room 210. it at 411 Montgomery.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
WHAT IS YOUR VOCATION?
HAVE YOU PROSPERED?
WHAT AXE YOUR HOPF.S?
Mrs. DR. F. CLAIiK will lift the dsrk veil of
your future life: sin- elves you valnab c ADVICE
»nd AID In all affairs of life, of private is well as '
of business nature as, lor in tancr, pertaining to !
Love. Matrimony, Friendship, Business, Lsw-ults, !
Contested Wills, Divorce. Damage Suits. Claims. 1
Journeys. >peculMions, Mining, etc.
Sh» discovers lost or stolen property, finds burled
treasures, prevents sicklies* misfortune: recon-
ciles the separateu, thus restoring lost happiness.
Every person i. adapted to some articular busi-
ness, profession or .rade.whico may justly be term-
I ed thei uu- vocation, and yet more tuan half of
you are fighting against an unknown fate tor fame,
lortune mid position which you do not and cannot
obtain mil you iind your true vocatiou.
Office hours. 9 to C daily and .-unday. - send
stamp for circular aud special terms. .MRS. Di..
F. CLAKK. 1.06 Maiket su, san Francis. o.
VOW is THE TIME TO CONSULT MRS.
NASH.
This celebrated medium, the clairvoyant of ail
clairvoyants, who sees ii - 1. tells you all and in-
; siantly elves you peace an 1 happiness In-ver
I ask a question, but before you utter a word I :•••!
your name, names in full of a. that you »re Inter-
estod In, ail dates, firts. eta I tell you who are
true to you aud who are false, what hopes you
may have winning your desires and what obsta-
cle* art* in your way and how to remove tin m.
How to make tne b»et of your talents and pios-
por. How to get money. I li.id lost articies ana
locate hlddeu treasure. B*fore en eriup Into busi-
ness, law, divorce or man-jag* consult me. Drive
1 away evil spr> Is, numbin blocks, bad luck and
habits, ana overcome ail evil wu.ks, r.vai and
enemies. I never fill. I have brou.iu about
more happiness than Hit oti- r nieiluoia. < tbers
are be helped: why not you? If you art- goin;io
see a medium, why no »fe the very best? It ct.xU
no more. Not mis to be palJ in'aUvance, and if
not entire. v sati-factory l.otain;; at ail. Uo you
desire anythlne fairer than ihit? Residence. 4.0
Eddy st.. between 1 eavenworih and iiyde. Office
hours: 9 a. m. to 8 p m.
LADIES RECEIVED ONLY.
N. B.— No signs.
MME. DX IHOMAS. SCIENTIFIC REVKAL- .
er by eegs aud cards: tells entire life, pas:,
present, luturo; consultations on alt affairs: noto-
ins excepted: names given; pood advice: sura
help; restores lost lov» <>y sympatny: mistake Im-
possible: fee *1 : letter 92. VM Post st.. ur Larktn.
\|.MK. L .NE.IAII - FORTUNES TuL» BY
II planets: predicted "74" passengers overdue
Steamer island. 7 lit ant ave-. room S.
M»l_-AKNDT.(i_RMAN * ORTUNK-TELLEK:
1»X t»-l.s pust and future: elves picture future hus-
band or wile: .6. up; never fails. VB7 Harrison st,
MHi\ MELIIOUKNK. GItTKD CLAIRVOY-
ant; never fails; call and be convinced . 419
Geary St., room _'_, second floor: only -sc. : : .
VI MX. RAVENA REaDs LIFE FLUENTLY:
-»J business advice; names givi n 25c up. Fourth
MMX. VIOLET CHESTER Has AI'.RIVED:
palmist, magnetic healer. Urns. 2-3, 223 Post.
\\ ME. MORKAU, BEST FORTU.>E-TKLLKR,
1»I medium, card-reader; '25c up. 764 Howard st.
GYPSY LIFE READEK. 3 SEVENTH ST.:
li>dies -sc, gents 60c: a 1 qcestiocs answered.
MRS. MELVILLE, WKLL-KNOWN CLAlR-
voyant. 51 Fifth st. water reaalu.s specialty.
MME. LKGGKTTF: PAST AND FUTURE;
business advice: one price, 25c. 311 Tehaxna.
GYPSY LIFE 14KADKR. 3. SEVENTH ST.:
la lies 25c, cents 50c; all questions answered.
ETHEL UK AY. CLAIRVOYANT. CARD READ-
XJer end palmist. i :b-j Mission at., bet. 7ihand bth
MM>- hiruau; IJ-.LL-. t^..j,i cKa-ILp. I'.t
grave: picture* riven Unii«-« i'ic: : H U'VarraU.
SPIRITUALISM.
1 ADIES' AID, 418 MCALLISTER ST., TEST
JJmeet to-ntghi: 10c. MRS. PLACE, MME.
YONG.
MMX. OSMAN. SPIRITUAL MEDIUM. GIVES
mi stages and advice on all maiterj pertain-
in, to monad -nalr.v s.-x Mission st.
CV. millek. ETHKRE SIZING MATERS
• aliziug trumpet seance, 8 p. v. 535 Post; _6c
SW UN, 3IEDILM: READIN S li:_.-. F-iR
2days; circle to-night; both S"xe«. 114 Jones.
MRS. C J. Jl_\ ER— rKSTCIR. 2 ANDBP M.:
i<l teats to all; 10c. sittiocs. 326 McA.lin.er si.
mUKKIS-P. s. s. : BP. M.; MRa. XILLI_T,
Mi a. Mayo Steers and tiers.
Mrs. MAYO STEERS. 1121/. oak CIRCLES J
Tuesday, 8 v. M., Thursday, _ p. m ; readings- j
IJEMOVAL— FRED EVANb, THE Bi.ATE- i
Xii writing medium, is now located at 1122 Market.
MRS. J. J. V ail NEY. SPIRITUAL MEDIUM, '
for messages a:.. 1 advice. 218 Stockton »t.
HYPNOTISM.
HYPNOTISM CUKES WHEN ALL ELSE !
fails: also taught. Hypnotic In»t.. 6 O'FarrelL I
= i
HORSES.
FOR SALE-LARGE STYLISH HORSE;
Cheap. 22 Golden Gate aye.
fT(» HuRSES FOR SAL-: WAGONS AND j
«->U bar' ess. at car stables. 721 Howard st. : auc-
tion every 1 uesday.
FOB SALE— A BAY MARE 7 YEARS OLD; :
sound; in good condition: Al roadster; single !
or double. Olympic Stable*. 603 butter St. .
AUCTION SALE-* EVERY SATURDAY AT
11 o'clock of horses, buggies, wagons, harness,
etc. Emporium sales yards, -.0 Valencia st., a.
WATKIN>, auctioneer.
j/\ HOKbES FOR SALE: ALSO WAOONW,
-tv busclps, carts, harness: GraD/t Arrade llors*
Market, 327 Sixth St.: auction kales every Wed-
nesday. bULLIVAN * DOYLE. Auctioneers.
T EIBOLD HARNESS COMPANY; 600 SETS
J-i of good harness, our own make, of every de-
scription, for less money than you can buy Eastern '
trash; scud for caulogu*. 110 McAllister st., S. F. !
RA HEAD OF HORSES f<UITABLI-. FOR ANY
tJV/buslness 900 to iSOU pounds. Old Tur_-su car i
stables. 1801 Turk: team of larire young mule). -
WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
LADY'S HORSE AND TOP BUGGY FOR BALK
cheap. Devlsadero-su stable, near McAllister !
HACK, FIRST- CLAS> CONDITION: VKRY !
cheap. -700 Twentieth St., cor. Hampshire, I
near Potrero aye.
PIANO BOX TOP BUGGY, SIDE-SPRING
Dusines* boggy aud ecod three-spring delivery
wagon. 1161 l.ow.rds!.
ART, NEARLY NEW: SUITABLE FOR PA-
per or butcher business; ' very cheap. Apply
K'.'j DeviSidero St. . . - ... .._ /.
TAND-.M CART; 6-SISAT TOP CARRIAGE;
■L .-glasi lundnu: nearly new. O'BUIEN &'
SONS, 600 Golden Gate aye.
XT WAND i-KCOND-UAND BAKER, LA UN-
i.l dry and milk wagon:, also fin* top buggy and
rockaway. .'.B Harrison st.
HOTELS.
LKOOKLIS HOTEL, -08-- 1- BUSH BT,
■i-> board and room $1 to 12 per day. (6 to *li
F*r week; choice rooms SO cent* to 91: salt* '
rooms for family $1 to »1 SO per night; hrai-cl__»
Mrvlca; U*w tc-tu c_iAJ;Li.a iiOMvioatiilf j
PEBSOSAI9.
TV r - NTRD— BY 2 YOUNG MEN FROM (CAST,
' » the acquaintance of 2- refit. eJ young ladies who
can appreciate good times. Address J.vCK H. G.,
box 64. Call office. _ .
UK-MEET CENIRAL AYE. AND CALI-
-fornlast., Saturday, . :30: Impor ant. 10.
PRi-TIY LITTLE BABY FOR ADOPTION;
good birth. Call at 1:701 Mission st.
WANTED— BY A YOUNG W DOW A GEN-
»» lleman partner; 6mail capital. 139 Taylor st.
\1 ME. HOLLAND. PALMi.-T: MAGNETIC
i*J treatment a specialty. Room 1, 223 Post st.
HAVE YOUR HOUSE PAINTKD WITH Al i
stock.no dope or fish oil; rooms papered $'&
up. wiilteiiea.ClSOup pfcpered,gratueti,va nisbed,
$5 op.' ' AMBhOSE A SCHAaF, 1029 Kearny su
SPECIAL AND LAST CLASS OF SEASON IN
haiidressing and manicuring will b»gin M n-
day, .pril26: half rates given. Up-To-Date Par-
lor,, 1 -26 Market st., over The Wonder.
CONGESTION AND t» DIGESTION "
Yield to the powers of hot baths, and RHEU-
MATISM flics before it; go to DR. SAI TH'S
ELECTKO-MAGNKTIC BaTHS and rejoice at
re;uri,ing dearth; hygienic board; sunny rooms.
SANITARIUM, 1633 BUCHANAN Sl'.
"\7"ii'A oil. ;, i ■:
V A powerful, penetrating, Wood warming and J
vitalizing rem-dy: does not tills; cures pains, in-
terns! and external: $1 bottle: 6 $5: $10 gallon:
charges prepaid. Address 1613 BUCHANAN ST.
M ME. MYRTLE POT 1 ■•EMOVED FRoM
13t>2 Market St. to 33 S xth, room 17.
E. THOMAS-LEAVE PAPERS AT CALL
. Office. M. MKRUESs*.
ADVICE FRKK; DIVORCE LAW* A SPEC-
J\- laity, private; no fee tiithoa: snecess: pro-
lii'e, insolvency, wills, collections, bill* of sale'
C a mages, etc.: private detective*, estab. 10 years.
G.W.HOWK, ai:y-at-law. 860 Market, cor.Stockta
■pvETECTIVES FUKNI-HKD ALL BRANCH-
XJ es lesitiroave work. Mui.eu's Agency, 20 Ellis.
I rpHK LARGi ST, THK BEST, IHE QUICK-
I 1 ejt, 'he neatest, in- cheapest, the largest and
i lip : nslrdr- sslui; establishment on the coast: the !
neatest, and politest assistants and artists: tli- j
quickest and cheapest service; hsirdressmc, any
style, is only 260; switches run from #1 to $3. G.
Li-DKHEK, 111 btOdCt*a St.
LESS I D OIL.
Every wheelman and horseman says that of
VITA • LL, mid they know: cures spr«ins, bruise-,
lameness, soreness and st ff;ess: $1 bot.; 6. $->;
410 sal.: charges prepaid. 1533 I UCIIAN AN ST.
I INK BLACK .-UIT; *1-' 60. MlotirCi.Oi'll- !
X in? pallors. 513 Montgomer/ sl
| I()|W\ BUS.NKSS CARDS PRINTED. $150;
! IUI/U wedding work. HILL, 22V0 Geary st.
I \\r ANTED— OLD GOLD FOR MA UKACTUR-
'» ing. O. NUi.'l X, jeweler. 2'J2 O'Farrell st.
IP A CIA I. BLKMISIihM. WRINKLES, SMALL-
£ pox pittincs and superfluous hair removed by
latest disc >very; suukeu eyes and cheeks filled
out; taldness cured. MRS. E. KING, 6U4 Sutler.
DRUNK NNK.-S— C URE GUARANTEED;
6:b year; book free. Gold Cure, Sacramento,
HOME. A FRIEND AND MOT ii Kit's CARK.
MRS. IJR. FUNKE. 1416 Eighth st., Alameda.
TRY US ON YOUR NEXT SUIT: MODERN
X tailoring: lowest prices. 21tS Kearny, upstairs.
J'tRSKPU i.hEVE-N'S OPERA SCHOOL FUR-
Dishes solos, duets, quartets or entire opera hc.s
: lor the proiessiot-al si age, and for oratorio, concert
j or church as well, on shortest i.otlce. Murphy
| building. M.i kit and Jones, rooms l.i andi-'J.
IJELIABLE AND KFFICIENT Dr.TKCTI YE
XL service. R< orns 19. 20 and 21, Chronlcl- Dldg.
\i I>S JKS-IE AND LIZZIK KEEGaN.LATE
■"■I with G. Lederer. expert hairdresser, ayeini;
and bit-aching .. specialty. I^4Va O'Farrell st.,
j phone Brown 353.
SUITS TO ORDER ON INSTALLMENTS; $1
a week. N. Y. Ta.lorlng Co., 115 Kearny. upstairs
TWO RKNO»vNED ITALIAN RE&TAU-
rants combined: F. DELMuNTE A CO., pro-
I prietors of the o.d Buon Gusto Restaurant, 4.51 ;
: i roadway, have eonsalldated with MR. AiSUELO !
| DfcLMoNTK, proiir.eior of the celebrated Fior '
j d'ltalla at •4bO-t:-.2-434 Broadway, just opposite.
Hll U i . M 1 1 •T. SANITARY PLUMBER,
. paititter. b2B Golden Gate ay. TeL,satter47L
TIfAGMSCOPE - NEW PROJECTING MA-
iiX chine; us s the klnetoscope lllms; price re-
duced, 60. BA CIO A Ll' PI, 046 Market st.
j BIU OUTDOO:'. BTKRiiOPTICON i-floW KVK-
i J> ry night cor. Market and Sixth sts.; artistic aj- i
Tertisements In llviu; light; promoters of bust-
; ness, .consult OWL ADV. CO.. 1140 Market st.
i i; ARTINUTON'S i-CHUOL OK .MAG VZINK
J and Newspaper Illustration: particulars as to
, terms, etc. 424 Pine SL: Illustrations :uruiane4
; lor inasazines. newspapers.' etc |
KLl'lUltr- J'lLc.-* CURED: No Pa
nntil cured: rend for book. DRS. Ua.Vj.
•F-iiit-D <& i-ORTKKir'ihLD fc3a Mark*; st.
ELiClßli; XIGHI.-s IN KYc.ilx' ROOM:
Winchester .. House. 44 lJJird sL, nr. Market:
100 rooms. 2&c to $1 60 per night: 91 60 to til par
I week ; ire* bus ami baggage to and lrom Uie terry.
GLOAKs. FL i..» A.. . Mil I.KIAJLKD Ai I
i V-' viholi'salu iir:~« * *r:i>r- •_•() Mminmnc
DBKSSMAKERB.
DKESSKS. $2 50 UP: CAPr.-, $1 UP; WRAP -
pers, ">oc up. .i.-il Minna st.
MKDICAI,,
T ADIES—
JU
REN LATINO WAFERS.
An infallible cure. For further particulars and
exDlanatory letter send 2 cents to Pacific Coast
Atencr, .'.en id Medical > 0., 523 Sprectels build-
ing, 9-7 Marvel s:., --an Fra .cUco.
I A LL CASKS OK MONTHLY SUPPRESSION
I J\. (from whatever cause) restored in a few
! hours: safe and sure at any lime: Instant relief for
i travelers; home In confinement: be*: care and
! privacy; regular physician; 30 years' successful i
| practice; my celebrated remedies for monthly
suppression never fail: every case guaranteed .con-
! suitation tret, contidan lai: hour* 10 to 6: pilli^L
Him. DX. WTKTH, Oltf Pos: su. near Larkln.
Dl%. J. H. JO^aKLYN, THE GREAT SPECIAL-
. Ist, still offers bis vauabie services to the ud-
tortuna>. With a mind ma ured aid enriched by
studies of an advanced order, there Is hardly a
disease In tbe catalogue of human ills he cannot
treat to a perfect c. re Ladles, he is al w k ys ready
to assist you. His knowledge has been strength-
rued by cx -east experience. Mo cate peculiar
to your delicate organism Is beyond bis sure con-
trol. His female monthly remedies are sure and
rife in their eff-ctv ' His tried and valuable reme-
dies for lost manhood are never-falling In their
•ctlon, ant are warranted for both youn< and old.
He excels all others in ib« enreot private diseases,
over t>'j years of practice enab es him to warrant
a cure lv all esses. Consultation parlors. Wild
Market st. Call or write direct to bOtf Market »v.
rooms 11 and 12.
IVUUCiiSS THAI IS .PERFECTLY HARM-
hrasi never fails in any case of monthly sick-
ness, no motter what cause; no electricity bum-
I bug or other dangerous methods; money lv every
case refunded If a cure is not effected: travelers
helped immediately: years' experience; borne In
confinement with .sanitarian convenience. Con-
sult lree the only reliable physicians, DR. AND
MRS. DAVIKS, 14 McAllister si., next Ulbaraia ,
Bank: hours. 9 a. m. to 5 and 7 to 8 p. m.
PROCESS THAT NKVER *AILB TO RtC- i
store every case of monthly sickness from
whatever causa In a few hoars' when m3dicines
and otners have failed; no Instruments used; .
many years' experience: every case guaranteed;
advice free; terms reasonable; first-class prtvum
home for confinement. M Its. DR. DaLJCY, lIM \
Market st. over the Owl Drugstore. j
; N*.\V PROCESS— NO MEDICINE OR IN- :
. etrumeut vied: every woman her own physi-
cian for ail female troubles, no mat from what
cause: resto es always in one day; <anbesent \
and used a; home: positive cure; genuine new '
process can only be bad at my onice: advertised
20 years. DR. POPPER, 318 Kear.iy st.
DR. FOULKT'S FRENCH CAP ULES — A |
guaranteed absolute cure for all fema c dls- i
i ase-. (no matter what cau^ei; potilivs y safe and :
sure: no dancer or after effects; taken in time it I
also ac a preventive; price til 50 per box: i
sent free by mall on receipt of price. WALLER I
BROS., 33 Grant, aye. .
DX. AND MRS. Wl GENER. 628 EDDY ST.:
private home; every comfort: separate rooms i
before and during confine-men:: female complaints
skillfully treated: regular physician: quick relief
for travelers: test care: terms moderate: babies '
adopted in good families; consultation free: pills 92.
DRSi GOODWIN SPECIALISTS. LADIES i
near or far: safe, quick cure guaranteed, any
disease cr complaint: home for patients: best (kill. '
free diagnosU: low fees: self-cure. 401 Van Neat j
A LPEAUS FRENCH PILLS— A BOON TO LA- j
A dies with female troubles; no dancer; sat* and
sure. 92 &oexiressC. O. D.;. don't delay until too
late. CSGOOD BROS. Coast Agents. OaKland-.Cu. j
fcURE CURE FOR ALL FKMALJS Dial
eases from whatever cans?; a home la con-
finement with every comfort; satlsf&ctlou guar- i
anteed by MRS. GWYKR, '226 Tun st.
ALL FEMALE COMPLAINTS AND iTFsI
XX. eases of the eye permanently cured at MRS.
DR. , SCOTT'S, 410 Geary st ; consultation tree.
I\V PRAK 7 -. FEMALE REGULATING PILLS-
x) safe and efficient . emmenacorus: 91 par bor.
RICHARDS & CO..druggJsts. 406 Clay Bt.,soleagu, j
»URPAfbBD REMEDIES FOR FEMALE
troubles, diseases. MRS.DX. PUETZ, 4tn.
I .R. HALL. 14 MCALLISTER STREET. X tAj*
J ' Jones, Diseases of women and emidraa.
STORAGE.
STORAGE-BOOMS 23x10, #3 PER MONTH-
O rooms 10x12,- *2; new and ' dry. DtCKEK,
1020 Market st, '
KDUC. D KATES. FURNITU ME. PIANOS,
household goods, eic. J. M. I'IERCE, 735 Mkk
. CIT x 1 REAL ESTATE.
FOR SALE OR TO LET— 3-STOKY HOUSE,
.1 315 t.urrrero at ; furraerl ■ Hanson D eini
and Cleaning - Works: steam power; - well and
pump; s a:>le, 5 stalls: 40x112:. easy terms: ap-
ply on iremses, 1 to 4 p. m. ; also cot ac<», 6 rooms
and bath, 302 Second aye., near Clemen, st.
pOTTAGE, 4 ROOMS: CHEAP OS ACCOUNT
\J of owner g in. aw y: ground leased for two
years, can be re .ewei. 68 Hermann, nr. Valencia.
•Stll -WANTEI»; GOOD city busi-
*J>J I.UUU ri'-sx property: 6Vs|tPr cen ; pri-
vate parties. Principals, M. 8., box 84, Call.
/> EuRGE M. saLSBURY, BUILDER. WI L
VJ call and el ye low estimates by addressing 621
X St.. sunset Heights.
<2?1 (\f\f\ NEAT COTTAGE. WITH CHICK-
C ilß '"- en-house: on car line; *300 cash;
balance on time. at'ECK it Co., 602 Market st.
l||O{\o(] EASTLAKE COTTAGE, S3O HILL
<f *J\J\J\J. St., nr. Castro: 5 large rooms, bath 1
and bason em; lot 25x114; partly mortgaged:
mortg can remain if desired: good neighbor-
hood; place not large enough for ptesent owner.
App y B IGDEN <fe TCKNJSY, cor. Kearny and i
Commercial; make offer.
CJi 1(i t\f\f\ ELEGANT RESIDENCE: 2-
ip I \J.U\J\J. story, basement and attic; bil-
liard, store rooms, etc.; lot 25x137:6: house alone
■ ost #10.000: this is a great sacrifice: see owner
on premises, 727 Golden Gate aye., near Franklin.
flj'JA nOll INSIDE CORNER UN POST
«U)«>V».vVJ»'.su; rents about. 9150 per month:
a modern building on this lot will pay well. J.
W. OLE Man. '-4 Montgomery st.
QVO r THE CHKAPESI' LOT IN < CEAN
<i?«-> O. View; 3ixi2s: on Broad at, near
Capital; best a reet ana best block.
«j> ■ (\(\ cash, balance same as rent,
«ir • UV/ for new house; sunny side of Coest.,
near Waller: size ot lot 25x1°.'5; contains 8 rooms
and all modern improvements.
nuril.K4 LOFT UK. LAND AUK.NTS, 623
X Market st.,opp. Pa ! acs Hotel: city and coun-
try propartv for -ale and • xeban only.
. TKUJsTIiJKS' SALES.
• mRUSTEES'SALE-lN ACCORDANCE WITH
X the terms and under the horny of a certain
deed of trust, duly executed by W. D. HOi,< O-u.
a a HA.illi i. Hoi I'Oji (bis wife), patties
of the nrst part. to liENR'i C. CAMPBELL
and THADDEUS B. KKNT. trustees, partiei
of the second part, and THE SAN FRAN-
I CISCO SAVINGS UNION, party of the
j ihira part, dated December 14, 18s> ..and recorded
I of the office o tee County Recorder or the conn y
! of >tarns ans. State or California, in liber 33 of
| deeds, at pages 4 I ■■ and following, and in pursuance
'■ In a resolution pissed on the 4th day of Aiart
j 1897, oy the board of directors oi said SAN
1 FRANCISCO SAVINGS lON, a corporation,
j and the holder of the note (No. 11,86 ), to secure
I payment of which the aforesaid deed of trust wan
| executed, di-clarin? that default had be-n made in
I the payment of ttie principal sum and other sums
due- under said note and deed of trust, and re-
; qiies;ii>v: and direc lnc said HKNRY C.CAMP-
I BELL and THADDELS S. KENT, trustees, to
; bell the real estate described therein to satisfy
| sii.l indebtedness.
We, HENRY C. CAMPBELL and THADDEUS
I B. KENT, trustees, do hereby give notice that on
I TIE DAY. the U7tn day of April. A. D. 1897. at :
i 12 o'clock noon of thatday, and at the auction sales-
room i f l- .i ton. Elurldge it Co, .so. boH Market
street, in the i 1:7 a d County or San Francisco,
I State of California, we will sell at public auction,
i to the highest bidder, for cash in gold coin of the
■ United Males, the piece or parcel of land sit-
: uate In the county of -tuni-ia •-., State of Califor-
| nia, cescriDed a* follows, to wit:
According to the official plats and system of
■ surveys of the Government of the United Stales:
) In township tw.i (2) south, ran^e twe ye
| (12) eatt, Mount Diablo base and me.ldian;
•■• section : ■tetjty-eigiil (_"o) tile southeast
quarter (>ii.. 1,4):
< fse lion th r y-three (33) the east half of the
east .ialf (1 . V 2. 0 *"• Va):
Of section tuiity-four (34) ' the west half (W.
i,~):
To township three (3) south rangi twelve (12)
east. Mount Dl 1 bio bas ■ and m*-ricli.n :
< >f section four (4) the nortneast quarter (NE.
Vi):
< ontalninsr in all eltht hundred an I three (803)
I ■ ere- of land, more or less; together with the ap-
■ purt»n&nces.
TERMS OF SALE-Cash In gold coin of the
United states; ten per cent payable to the under-
. signed on the fall of the hammer; balance on de-
| livery of deed; and If not so paid, unless for want
: of title (.ten days being allowed for search), then
1 said ten per rent to be forfeited, and the hale to be
: void. Acts of sale at purchaser's expense
. HENRY C. CAMPBELL. - ..._
1 H ADDE US 1). KENT, 'j Trustees.
rpRUSTEEa* SALE— IN ACCORDANCE WITH
Xth terms and under the authority of a certain
deed of trust, duly executed Oy JAMEs Pi ;
-MAt-KLIN, party of the first part, to HKNRY
C. CAMPBELL and THADDEUS B. KENT,
I trustees, parlies of the second part, and
1 the bAN FRANCISCO savings UNION,
party of the third part, dated May 16th.
1835, and recorded in the office of ibe County Re- ;
corder of the Ci y »ua County of San rmuclgco,
] State of California, In liber lfctij of deeds, at
i paces 70 and following, and in pursuance of a
! re»o ution passed on the 10th day of Sepiemher,
j 18Sti, by the boar I of directors of »a a SAN FRaN-
| Cl CO saving-- UNION, a corporation, and the
I bolder of ibe note (No. 13,481). to secun;
; paym nt of which the aforesaid deed of runt was
| ex- cuted. declnrlng that a< fault had be<-n made In
I the payment of the principal sum an.i other sums
| due under said note and deed of trust, and request-
i ing and directing said HKNRV c. CAMPBELL,
! and THADDEUs B. Ki-.NT, trustees, 10 sell the
! real estate described therein to satisfy said in-
'■ debtedness.
We. HENRY C.CAMPBELL and THADDEUS
: B. KENT, trustees, do bereuy give notice that on
| TUESDAY, the 4.n day of .May, A. D. 1b97,
1 at 12 o'clock noon of that day, and at the auction
i salesroom of Kaston,Kldridge<&Co.,No. t)3B Market
: street. In the City and County of San Francisco,
i State of California, we will sell at public auction,
i to the highest bidder, for cash in go.d coin of the
I United Viatel tbe piece* or parcelK of land situate
in the City an i County or so Francisco, stale of
California, described as follows, to wit:
Lots ii u ii Ders twenty-three (*^3) and wen y-four
(24), in blocK If, as Htio-.vn and de lneated on the
map entitled "Original Map of the Pioperty of the
Par* Hill ilom-bteud a sio'iailo: ." surveyed by
j William P. Humphreys Cl;y and County sur-
I veyor, July 13th, 1878, tiled August 3d, 1878. in
. the office of .he County corder of s.ild Cit« nud
j i ounty of san Francisco and now of reco.d there-
i in in lilier, of maps at paces 165 and 166: and to
which map > i d the r cord thereof special refer-
| ence Is hereby made for further or more purtiru-
■ lar descr p ion: together with the appurtenances.
TERMS OF SALE— i ash In gold coin of th*
United states: ten per cent payable to tbe under-
signed on the fall of the hammer; balance On de-
i livery of ilo»d; and i* not so paid, unless for want
of title (ten days b ing allowed for search), then
I said ten per cent to be forfeited and the sale to be
j void. Acts of sale a: purchaser's expense.
HENRY C. CAMPBELL. >-,„„.„
THADDEUS B. KkNT, Jimstees.
! fTIRUSTKKS' HAL£— IN ACCORDANCE WITH
| X the terms nod under tbe author! of a certain
I deed or trust, duly executed by WILLIAM >.
HOPKINS and LIZZIt. Ge. ..TuCDr. HOPKINS
I (us wife), and WILLIAM H. L. BAHNi'.S,
1 parties of the first part, to HENRY C.
CAMPBELL and IHADL.>.US B. KENT, trus-
; tees, parties of the second part, and the BAN
FRANCISCO SAVINGS UNION, party of : the
third part, dated May Ist, 1890, and recorded
lv tbe office or the County Recorder of ih- City
! and County of San Franc sco. State of California,
1 In liber 1402 of deeds, at pages 88 and fo.low.
1 lntr, and in pursuance of a resolution passed on
I the Bth day ot . prll, 1897, oy the board of direc-
! torso! said SAN Fl'.ANClaco SAVINGS UNION.
1 a corporation, and the holder of tbe cote (No.
10,001). to secure payment of which the aforesaid
deed of trust was executed, declaring that default
hud been made in the . payment oi the principal
sum and other milts due under said note and
deed of trust, and requesting and directing said
HKNRY CL CAiIPBrILL and THAUDtUS B.
KENT, trustees, to sell the real estate described
therein to satisfy said Indebtedness.
We, HENnY C. CAMPBELL and THADDKCS !
' B. KENT, trustees, do hereby give notice that on
TUESDAY, the llth day of May, A. D. 1897,
at 12 o'clock noon of thai day, ana at .the auction
salesroom of Easion, Eldrldge <£Co.. No. 638 Mar-
ket si reel, iv the City and County of San Francisco,
■state of California, we will sell, at public auction,
to the hlsbest bidder, for cash In co.il coin of the
United Stales, the piece or parcel of land situate
in the city and County of sa:i Francisco, State
of California, described as follows, to wit:
Commencing at a point on the southerly line of
Salts* street, distant theteon one hundred ant
thirty-seven f.-et six Inches (137 and 6-i2 feet)
| ersterly from me isierly • line of Leavenworih
I street: running thence ensterly alone said line of
c-ut.er street o .c hundred and thiity-seven feet
| six Inches {137 and 6-12 feet): thence at ri:nt
angles souther y one hundred and thirty-seven feet
i sx inches 1137 and o-l- lee.); th»nre at right
i angles westerly one hundred and thirty-seven feet
| six inches (137 and 8- .'I ieet), and the .cc t rlgnt
I angles northerly one him trod and tiiirty-sevenfeet
six in< hes (137 nu<i £-12 feet) to the point of com-
[ cement: being lot number on* thousand one
hundr. eland twenty one (1121) of the fifty- v;ira
lot suivev of the City of Sau Francisco, according
to the official map thereof: together with the ap-
purionances.
TK Mis OF BALE— Cash In gold coin of tbe
United States, 10 per cent payable to the under-
stsned on the fall of the hummer, talance on de-
livery of deed, and if not so paid, unless for want
of title (ten cays being allowed for search), than
said 10 per cent 10 be forfeited, and the sale to be
void. Acts of sale at purchaser's expenss.
HENRY C. L'AMPBhLI,)-.,.,,,,,
-.' THADDKCS B. KENT. /Trustee*
LKtiAt NOTICES.
TUB CALIFORNIA DE'rfßls COMMISSION
having received applications to mine by tne hy-
draulic process from CHARLE-* and BEN HOW.
LET i . In the Howlett claim, near Columbia Hill,
Nevada County, to deposit tailings in Knapp Ra-
vine, and from the Marguerite Gravel and Quartz
Mining Company. In the Marque He mine.' in
Eureka Mining district, Nevada i ounty. to deposit
tailings Id » ravine, gives notice that a meeting
will be held at room CO Flood building. Can Fran-
Cisco, Cai.. ou May 10. 1897. at l:-0 p.m.
CITY AND ■-.'•COUNTY TKr.AbUKY, SAN
Francisco, April 15 : - 1897.— in • compliance
with ti.e provision- of sec; ion 5 of order 1598 of
the Boar . oi Supervisors, approved September 16,
1880, there will be sold at public auction by K. a.
spear & Co., at their salesrooms, Ml and »3 sutler
street, un /■- >
MONDAY, MAY 17,
At 10 o'clock a. m. sundry articles of stolen, loit
and unclaimed property recovered by the police
tor' c of San Francisco, i n detailed in an inventory
thereof on rile in tlie fttice of be clerk of the
Board of Supervisors, and consisting o} Jewe.ry.
wearing apparel, pi-, ol«. ' knives, etc.: also a lot of
trunKs. valises, clothing, etc.. property of deceased
persons received from tba I oronerof this City and
County. Open for Inspection o:i morning of sale,
- A. C. WIIUIKK,
City and County Treasurer. J
• CUINTRI SEAT. ESTATE.
Of) ACRES CHOICK LAND NEAR AUBURN;
O\f valoatloi $4 00; will sell or exchange for
city or Ouklao'i proper y. J. H. KG«.ES>, 1 and 2
i Grand Western, Mar. St., c«r. Polk and Austin.
I AN UNQUKSTIONABLE BARGAIN: COST
' S4U.GOO; will be sold for $20,001); 280 acres,
I 4j acres b lng best wiie crapes, 10 acres in
. prunes, . acres pp .rs; house 7 rooms In good con-
| < itlon; barn, stone win ry, tanks, hvdrau lie
i pri*s-»: comp ete for winem»king: water piped from
| springs: horses, rows, furniture, buggies, wagon;
; everything complete; living trout stream: deer,
quail. etc : nice grounds 3 miles from st. Helena,
in a lovely valley ; presents a piciuresqe loca lon.
WE HAVE 4 VERY CHOICE LOTS IN THE
■own of Belmont, beautifully situated tor su-
burban homes: will be mi according to the times;
Investigate this; easy terms.
CjiJAA FOR AN IMPROVED ' 40-ACKE
•iT I*J \J\J farm in Placer County: 20 acres havb
been farmed; sumefiuit and vines; hou<e, barn,
etc.; ail under irnea ion and in the early fruit
1 belt; $.00 down, time on ba ance.
EDWIN K. ALSIP & Co., 2d floor. Mills Bldg.
SONOMA COUNTY: LIT! MOM 8 A SFE-
cialty. a. U. LHESSMORE, real estate agent,
bonoma, I aL
I Dil-AURK TRACT AND 140 ACRE TRACT
XOl/ at $20 per acre; high and sightly; well lo-
cated for poultry raising. A. H. tllhaSMultt,
So lOma, Cat. t
SANTA CLARA COUNTY— FOR SALE, RE T
0 or exchange; vln yard: IS acres; 3 acres orch-
ard. ApUy 64& . aomast.
/'REAT BARGAINS IN LAND; $35 PER
" 1 acre: small places; Improved and unimproved;
Alameda County, near s>an Francisco. For de-
I taiis write to H. J. DIGGLF.S, 69 Columbian
; building, Marke. St., San Francisco.
</|TO?S!l; MARIN CO. IMPROVED AND
•iD^t\' unimproved laud: terms io suit: fruit, grain,
vegetables, rail and water. R. 65. Chronicle bid^.
LITTLE H'iMKS CLOSK IO TOWN; IM-
proved; easy terms: also 4 to 12 acre pieces
on « and 1 • year*' credit. I). H. TWING. bo-
noma City, every Monday at Gil Market sU. a. F.
ffi.= AN ACUE: I^Bi> iCRKa TIMIiEH; GOOD
I «Ii «-' fur stock or ft nit: plenty water, S.. box 40.
I OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE — BROADWAY.
OAKLAND KKAL ESTATE.
| TVTEW 7-KOOM HOUSK; FINISHEK IN
! ±y latest design: half a block to local: neighbor-
: hood first cia^s: owner must have money; *25(j0,
; $400 cash.
FINE BtTSIJSE-S BLOCK: 4 STORES AND 4
in, on San Pa Io aye.. close to business cen-
i ter: mort- age 9000 ; price $12,000: cost 2 years
ago 917,000; pays good interest on investment.
FIKST-CLASSBRICK HOUSE, 8 ROOMS AND
bath: lot 50x150; 3 Mocka to local station aud
: stores: in an estate and mus: be sold; appraised at
$4500; price $2500; half cash.
A LITTLE GEM; COTTAGE 5 ROOMS; HALF
a clock to I>w:glu-way station; cost $2000;
■ must b- sold at once: only $1150: see this without
i fall; $300 or $400 cash.
J. S. MYERS, 1002 Broadway, Oakland.
$~ CASH. $5 MONTHLY— $75 AND
*$)*■' upward; out of 83-acr» Aliendale Tract, Erst
] Oakland -but 72 lots unsold; will I ail l you 3. 4
( and 5 room cottu c (modern) from $300 to $900,
; liiclitdin' lot: payment as rent; Rile, climate and
I soli superb: 3 e.eciric roads and fin? school ne«r:
I conveyance tree. 459 .. lnth nt , bet. Broadway
j and \v ashingtor., Oakland. H. Z. JONES, Owner.
BUY A HOUSE AND LOT IN BEAUTIFUL-
Frni.vale; only a minute's walk to the station;
see the owners at their office in Frultvale for bar"
gales. B.\ S.Sc 1 T BROS.. Frui.vale station.
Q : || A EACH. 4 LOTS Mi-LROSE STATION
I <JJ7 1 "V/ Tract: streetcars and local trains; only
: $1 down and $1 • week. H. B. PINNEY, 002
! B.oadwav, Oakland.
GET A CHOICE, HEALTHFUL HOME SITE
while prices are low: lota $100 to $150 at
! Fitchburc. beyond Fruitva'e; the best property
' for Investment now offered; local trains and
j electric cars: 10 minutes to Oakland and 45 to
San Francisco; splendid climate, out of dump
I belt: soil excellent tor gardening: very best water
I facilities: good school: terms to suit. Before buy-
i lug In this locality see the owner of this property,
C. M. INKLE. J*lsVa Washington uu, ups'.airs.
! room 28. Oakland. ( »..
■■— . . B
OAKLAND HOUSES TO LET.
• T^INE 8-KOOM RESIDKNCE: WELL FUR-
X 1 nished: lars>-. cultivated grounds: choice loca-
-1 tion: rent $5u per month: ready May 1. WIL M.
I DX WOLF, 1050 Broadway, O**laud.
• T'AKGE 8-ROOM UNFURNISHED HOUSE;
i JU in good repair and veiy desirable neighbor-
; hod: rent »25. WM. M. DE WOLt, 1050 Broad-
I way Oakland. , ..
| ■ ■ ——— _ .
OAKLAND FURNISHED BOOMS.
SUNNY RO MS: GALIVDO HOTEL,
J Oakland; board optional. 8th St.. off Broadway.
I ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENT
J"T,AWKt)\ KiiAL reTATI.
, AKUAIN: ALAMEDA COU .TV Ho"mTIES
I ' from city; choice land; irult, hay, cra.u, veg-
etables, with living springs: $25 io $35 per acre.
\ 11. J. HIGGLES. 69 Column an uulldint, S. F.
1 —^ —^ — ■^»^—
MONK? TO LOAN.
I IBKRAL ADVANCE ON DIAMONDS, JK.W-
-■l-i elry, etc.: low interest, Cot-rate Loan Office,
r. 7, Flood bids, 809 Market: teL brown 191.
A LOANS ON FUKNITUKE OR PIANOS,
. In B. F.. Oakland or Alameda. at lowest rates:
I without removal: no icm missions: no delays.
I J. NOON aN, 1017 to 1023 Mission at, above aixui.
j telephone Jassle 4L
HIGHLY REsPKCTABLE AND PRIVATE
place to obtain liberal advances on diamonds
and jew elry of the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
!- ore. 948 Market st.: telephone Green 204.
cjynn (Will AT •V'a PER CENT ON CITY
OUU. \J\J\J real estate: also Oakland: estate*,
life Insurance, second mortgage, any sum. Man-
hattan Loan Co., 10 Mills building, ground floor.
ANY AMOUNT: lbT. SD.OR in MORTGAGER
estates, undivided interests, rvai estate in pro-
bate; furniture and pianos without removal.
' UcCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery 'St.. room
WHY PAY HIGH INT. ON tMALL LOANS?
•We loan at 55c Interest per ma on each $100
on 2d XBOnca*!*: any security. Gold, box 4, Call.
OjQ»>^ ii(»n Al UANK. KATES: IST AN
, oi!Om~O.\J\J\J 2<l moncaees.' estates, rents, etc.:
! )tnd as low as $50. M. MURPHY. 624 Market st
©On (\f\f\ TO LOAN ON CITY REAL
<!rZU.UUU estate: 6VaY. SPECK & CO, 602
Market st.
ON FURNITURE; VERY LOW INTEREST;
no commission, si HI ii.\ I-.K, 7 City Hall nve.
MONEY TO LOAN ON CITY KKAI, EaTATE:
any amounu WILLIAMS, 214 Pine si., r. 8.
dlfl AO.OOO ON LIFK INSURANCE POLICIES
! ttJplU low Interest. JOS. B. IOPLITZ, 33J Pine.
a> en 1 0 $50,000: LOWEST RATE; IST &2D
*ipO\J icortg.: any proposition. Dryaen, 413 Mont
ANY SUM, IST OR 2ND MORTGAGES. US-
ihli-s in probate, etc. Km. 7, 608 California. sL
N| FURNITURE AND PIANOS; No RK-
moval: low rates; private party. 219 Powell, r. 3.
ON PI ANUS ANi> FUKNITUKB. WITHOUT
removal very low Interest. 116 Me a lliuer st,
> ..NAJtIAL.
WANTED-EUBOPEAN PREMIUM BONDS,
• T list d or unlisted stocks, g id, sliver and
) quartz bought and assayed. F. EPHKAIM. CO.,
6-8 Market St., opp. i a ace Ho el. S. F.
WANTED-$3OOO FOR TERM OF TEARS
on good real tato security. Address J. H.
EPSON, Oakland. Cal. -. ■ • - -
PROPOSALS.
■pROIO^AI FOR DRAYAGK — GFNKRAL
X Depot of the Quart e i mas er's Department, San
Francisco, Ca!., adMI 20. 1897., s. a!ed proposals,
; in tiiplicat- , for the Hauling of military stores and
6U] plies inandalont the city of San Francisco.
l Cal.. for the fiscal year commencing July 1, 1897
will Ie receive i at hii oiti c until 11 o'clock a m'
onl-nday the 21st ilay of May, 1897, ana men
. peiw-d. The Goverr.ni' a reserves ih.' right io
reject any or all proposals. All necessary infor-
nia iou will be shed o i application to this
office. JAMB-* M. MO.JKE, Assistant Quar er-
muster-Geueral United States Army, D.-pot Quar-
termaster •--.' •■'■•■ ■•-%'.
.PHYSICIANS.
DR. C. C. O'DOSNKLI., 1206 MA RKET} KFa
2864 25th <r. ; diseases of women a ->p»cialty.
JiAitiilAti . LMUUMjM.
The following mamas* :ie»nsM hart . bMa
issued hr the County Clerk's office: -
Joseph Balceraand Marie L. Laran. 26— 2&
Mr.rio L. IVra.soaid Amelia Nardlni, '23— 2 a -
'A. VavsMe and Gerraalne fnrv eres. 23—17.
F. J.,l.m:iiEj:M and* Hannah • ucking, 24—24.
John J. H.yden and ■ Margaret ; Murray, '/9— 24.
Joan H. Maasaod Annie C. 6parr, 24— ai. ■ ■
Conrad San ler and I ertha c. Buck; g. 27—19
Jam** Gorman and (Ca ie Sullivan. 26—16.
Frank V. M. Savage and Mar-- E. Swan, 35— ''8
Jea. B. Vlgnau an i Catherine Lasseble, 27-22
Emll I)m;ken and MannellU Ruiz, 61—29
I en:ils Parlo aid Lemoi la Vasi'alo. 33— 22. '
M. Wohienb rgandNellieM Hammond. 24— 82.
Joli i C. Applewhite and .. hdith U C ok. Hi —20
Henderson Havward and Julia Dibble. 61—
Francis J. Keefe aud C:ara Cattee, 26 —
JiEyilK — MARBIAttES — QtATlfcL
BOKN.
BLACK— ApriI 31, 1897, to the wife of Alexander
Black, a daughter. '
PRISCHK— in "ili cltT. April 21, 1897, tdth*
wile of D. W. Frische. a daughter.
SCHAEFER— In mis citr. April 14, 1897, to the
wife of J. chaef-r. a ton.
M.U... >.
AHI MACK— In this City, April 20. 1897.
by the Rev. J. M. Buehler, Henry Ahle.'S and
Hannah Mack. -•--:.
BRISCO— OVERMAN— In this city. April 21. :
1107. by the Rev. George D. a. S ewart. William
M. Brljco and Jane Overman, bath of San Fran-
cisoo.
GAUCH-SCHNEIDES-In this city. April 21.
1897, by the Rev. F. W. Fla 'Her, Adam Gauch
and Maritar*. Schneider, bota of.Saa Francisco.
H PJj*-KER-HfcNoCHEN-ln tnis city. April 21,
1897. by the Key. J. M. Buehler, Chariej H.
Hoecksrand Dora Hensjheu.
PETTYGP.OV>._MANZEK-In this city. April
14 .897. by the Hey. J. S. David, George W.
*;etiygrove »ad Ruby M. Manzer, both of Sau
Jrranwiiicu.
B L , I LOWEXsTEIX - I a Cincinnati April
21. 1897. by R»bbl Isaac M. Wise, Samuel £.
of * i ni i° .-.an tri " JCis<:i) anU Lena Loweustein
of * mcm iatl.
di*:d.
Brown. Archibald Mackay, Alexander
Burgmayer, Frederick Mairuire. Jo<eph M.
Callagnan, Mary . Morrisi-y, Ann
Campbell, JilUa O'Connor. Patrick -
i o.iius, Ttmo.h/. . O'SuLivan, Mary A.
Collins, William Obsrt, Albertina
Co i nelly, Marie Peys»r. Morris
Cuilitan, Haanah Pllmley. Alfred B.
Gray, Nel;le . Skelly. John H.
.Hall, AunU E. S-pruijiie, William T.
Harkim. Jamej Sus-nbeih. Virginia C
K<flly, Elizabeth Thomas. William M.
Wardwell Albert
BROWN— In Oakland, April 22. IS'^7. Archibald,
beloved husband oi the late Margaret Brown.
BURGMAYER— In this city, April 2i,18»7. Fred-
erick, beloved husband of Wiste mirgmaver.
ana lather of Louis aud Frank Burgmayer, a na-
tive of lennsyivanla, a<eJ 37 years.
Friends aud acquaintances are respect-
fuiiyi-ivitea to attend the funeral TO-MORKOvV
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock P. m.. from the par-
lors of H. C. Porter <fc Co.. 122 Eddy street.
Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
CALi. Aii H.\N— ln this city, April 22. 1897, Mary,
beloved daughter of Isabella and the late l)eois
Callaghan. and sister of John F., Henry an 1
Annie C allachan, a native of Kingston, Mats,
ag«d 24 years 'i mouths and 9 days.
rtends and acauaintances are r»specv-'
fully Invited to attend the -nneral TO-MORROW
(Saturday), at 9 :30 o'clock a. m., from her late
remaeuce ai.B Pacific atreec iliauce io Si. Fran-
cU Church, corner Valltjo street and Montgom-
e ry avenue, wnere a solemn requiem masi
will be celebrated for the reooae of hat soul, com-
mencing at 10 o'clock a. m. Interment Mouns
Calvary Cemetery.
CAMPBELL —At Altamont station, Alameda
County, April 22, 18.tf, Eliza, beloved wlfo or
Joju Campbell, aged 05 years.
COLLINS— In his city, April 22. 1897, at his
residence, 323 Oak street, Timothy, beloved
husband of Bridget Collins, a native of Wood-
Held, parish of Rosscarberry, County Cone, Ire-
land.
43"Noticeor funeral nereaftsr.
COLLINS-In this city. April 20. 1897, at St.
Luke's Hospital. William Collins a native of
England. a«eU 37 years 6 months and 18 days.
08~Fr.e:iils and acquaintances are re.ioezl-
fuliv Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Friday), at 2 o'clock p. m.. from the par-
lors of the Union Undertaking Company, 733
Mission street, near Third. Interment Laurel
Hill v em'Jtery.
CONNELLY— In this city, April 22,1897, Marie,
beloved daughter of Edwaru and May Connelly,
and granddauzhter of Mrs. Mary J. Smith, a na-
tive uf Oakland, caL, aged 2 ye*rs 6 months and
1 8 days.
CULLIGAN— In this city, April 21, 1897, Hannah
1 v ligan, a native of the parish of Cnarleville,
County Cork, Ireland, agea 70 years. | Austra-
lian and Philadelphia papers please copy, j
49TFrlends and acanalntances are respect-
ful y Invited to attend tho funeral THIS DAY
(Friday), at 8:30 o'clock a. m., from her lata
residence. 218 Kilch siren, thence io St. Rose's
Church, where a requiem bign mass will ba
celebrated lor the repose of her soul, commenc-
ing at 9 o'clock a. M. Interment Mount Cal-
vary Cemetery.
GRAY— In mis city, April 20, 1897. at her resl-
deuc°. 124 Bar.iPtt street, N.llie, ' beloved
daughter of Mm. Ellen and the la:e John urav,
»nd sister o! Mrs. Charles A. Dunn and the lata
Join M. Gray, a native of San Franclsc3.
IST Friends and acquaintances an; respac",-
fully invited to attend .lie fn.ieral Tills ;.\V
(Friday), at 8:30 o'clock a. is... from her late
resilience, thence to St. Jamet Church, Twenty.
thirJ and Guerrero streets, where a requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
com mencing at 9 o'clock a. m. Interment jdouut
Calvary cemetery. ■
HALL— In Alameda. April 22, 1897. Annie E.,
beloved wife of oeor?e W. Halt, and daughter of
Margaret A. alia the l.i;e Jaruet Mee.
jjart'nen'ls are rpsnpctfullv invite I to i»*t»n3
the funeral services TO-MORROW (Saturday). at
9:30 o'clock a. it., at .1.. Jo,fpj'« Cuurch, A U-
mi-da, ' tic -t.i!u-«. reel siutlou, row-gauge.
Interment private. No flowers.
HARIiINS-ln Watsonvllle. April 22, 1597.
James Har^ins. beioved brother of Mrs. John
We.eh and ilu late Mrs. Margaret Ford, a na-
tive of Letie-lcenuy, County xionegai, Ireland,
aged about 70 years.
<^The funeral will take place TO-MORROW
(Saturday), at 9 o'clock a. m., from his late resi-
dence on San Juan road. Services at at. Pat-
rick's Churcn. <
KKLLY— In this city, April 22. 1897, Elizabeth
Kelly, a native of irelauJ. aged 72 years.
MACKAY— In this city, April 22. 1837, Alexan-
der .Wackay. a native of Scotland, aged 66 yean
3 months and 8 days.
JBarNot.ee of mneral hereafter.
MAGUIRE— In Alameda. April 21. 1897, Joseph
M.. latner of Louis m.. H. i . and J. W. Maguire,
v nn: v • of Illinolv aged 69 years and 2 months.
«3" Funeral THIS DAY (Friday), at 3
o'clock p. m.. from ins late residence. 1297 Web-
ber street, En do al Park station, narrow-gauge.
Interment private.
MORKIS-EY— ln this city. April 20, 1897. Ann,
beloved mother of Dr. Joseph G. anl Robert A.
Morrissey. a native of Letterkeuny, County
lMi.';.:. Ireland, aged 6Syeari.
*S~ Friends and acquaintances are resp^c*-
foliy invitfd to attend mo funeral Tills DAY
(Friday), at 9 o'clock a. m., from her late
resilience, 102 Hi.ight street, tneuco to sacred
Heart Church, FellandFillmors strve-.s. where a
solemn requiem mas < will be celebrated for the
repose of her soul, commencing at 9 :30 o'clock
a. M. Interment Mouu. Calvary Cemetery.
Please omit flowers.
O'CONNOR— In this city. April 22, 1897. Patrick
O'Con nor. a native of Ireland, aved 46 years.
O'SUL.LI VAN— In this city, April 22, 1897, Mary
Ann. beloved wife of Patrick O'Suilivan. and
mother of John F. aad Sylvester O'Suilivan and
J. H. Cunningham, a native of County Kerry,
Irelaud, a;ed 07 years.
OBERT-In San Rafael. April 21.1897. Albertl-
na, beloved wife of Anton Obert, aad mother of
William Ooen, a native of Poland, a^oi 62
years.
JO* Friends are respectfully Invited to atteni
the funeral services THIS DAY (Friday), at
2 o'clock p. m- at her lat« residence. .08 i'otrer»
avenue, near blxteen.h street. Interment
Laurel Hill Cometery. '
PtYSER- In tals city. April 22. 1897, Morris,
beioved son of Henry and Bertha Peyser, father
of Hazel Peyser, an 1 orotuer of Mrs Paulia<>
Jacobs ana Eva Peyser, a native of San Fran-
Cisco, aged 37 yean 2 mouths and 1- days.
JKsT*No:ica of funeral . ■•;■-> i-- -- . -
PLIMLEV— In this city. April 21. 1897, Alfred B.
Pitmley, • native of New York, aged 58 years 4
months and 23 days.
SKELLY— In this city. April 20, 1897, John H.
Skelly. : dearly beloved brother of Emma L.
Bkelly and Mrs. K. C McDevi t. a native Of New
Yor< city, a^'ed 45 years and 10 months.
jJSTFrlends and acquaintance are respect-
fn Iv Invited to attend tbe fnneral THIS DAY
(Friday), at 10 o'clock a. m., from the par-
lors or Theoaor Dier.cs. «57 Mission stree..
between Fifth and Sixth. Interment Laurel Hill
Cemetery,
SPRAGUE— In this city, April 2?, 1897, William
T. Sprasrue
K9*Kemains at the parlors of Charles J. B.
Met/.ler, 636 Washington street.-
SUSENBETH— In this cit/. April 20. 1897. Vir-
ginia C Susenbeth, a native of Ohio, aged 51
years.
THOMAB-In this city, April 22. 1897. William
M., beloved son of Mr* Belle lnomas, and
brother of B. M. Thomas, aged 34 years.
F. of A.— To the officers and members of Court
Kclluse No. 14, F. of A.: Yon are hereby notl-
tiei io attend the funeral <>■ our late brother.
W. M. Tnoiuas. TO-...0K:t0W (Saturda. ). at 8
o'clock p. M., from the residence of his brother,
28<19 Bu*h street. By order.
A. J. KNKaiaRK, Chief Ranger.
. G. B. Goodwin, Flnaacial secretary. . ..
W ARDWfcLL-In ibis city, April 2.'. 1*97, Albert
belovei husband of Josephine A. Wardwell, a
native of Mas*acnus'-tti, ajed 51 yean.
M"No*ici> ft inti»r^l i->r«» - . ■ . -
""""'mcavoy' & GALLAGHER, I "
FUNKRAL DiaKCTORS & EJIBALMKBS,
20 Fifth St., Opp. Lincoln School.
Telephone South 80.
NOTICE.-THE BUSINI-S* OF M.AVOIt
A GALLA>>H X nil. be conducied at the
old sand. No. 20 Fifth street, for the benefit
of th* widow of the Isle HrN'ttY J. GALLak-
HER and his sister, MISS ANNIE K. GaLLAU-
Hiiß. iins. H. .1. GA LaOHKK.
. ANNIE B. OALLAOHf.R.
E. McAVOY, UNDERTAKER.
18Vi Fifth Sl. opp. Lincoln school. -
-b. It McAVOY. MANAGER.
. Office Telephone South 70.
Residence Telephone, Pine 2161. 
1- GUNTZ. H. W. (3ANTSER.
GANTNER & GUNTZ,
Funeral Directors and Embalmers.
'Sand 10 CITY MALL bUUAKK.
Telephone south 432.
MOUNT OLIVET CEMETERY,,
SAN MATEO COUNTY: NEAREST CE MB.
O tery to the city: non-sectarian: in no sense ex*
elusive: location unexcelled. Onice \»Vt HMUM
•ueeia »ouih«iui corner of aixiu.
1314
OAKLAND
WANTS THE
NEW ROAD
The Citizens* Committee Is
Ready to Make Definite
Overtures.
EVERY EFFORT PUT
FORTH FOR VICTORY.
A New Ferry Contemplated and
Carshops and a Terminal
Are Urged.
PEOPLE ENCOURAGED OVER
THE PROSPECTS.
An Important Meeting Showing That
the People Are Awake and Will
Work With a Will.
OAKLAND, April is de
termined to have tbe Valley line if pos
sible. Citizens met Wednesday night and
a committee of fifteen got ready to make
(ieoid-d overtures. Ferries, carebops and
a terminal were urged for this City.
The conimiu-ie consisted of fifteen rep
resentative citizens, and it was marked
with great enthusiasm. Besides tse com
mittee several interested citizens were
prssent. The members of the committee
were: Mayor W. R. Thomas. J. P. Tav
lor, W. V. Wuciirr, .1. K. Talcott, F. K.
Mott, W. B. Pringle, \V. K. Davis, E. A.
Heron, (.ieorge t. Tardee, E. C. Sessiony,
J. A. liritton. .1. 1". Tewle. M. J. Keller,
Roben iiiriihe, J). \i. CoiJins and Webb Is.
Pearce.
Mayor Tiionvas called the meeting loor
d«r, and a!< thi* was (he first general eath
ering the matter of choosing permanent
i tiicer* v as t't r>i taken up.
\V. K. Davis nominated the Mayor for
chair ua an and the motion unanimously
previul-il.
WeDb K. Pearce was elected secrelary,
mi 1 then vV. JR. Davis spoue, saying:
"I gathered from the reports that the
railroad people felt predisposed to make a
terminal here, coming in irom the north, j
They said considerable abuut the question
of rights of way, ami Migge^ted thai our
people maKe proportion to them.
though 1 do not know that any detinue
declaration was made."
"They answered the question direct,"
interposed Mayor Thomas, "and said that
they did want to come to Oakland, and j
would get in here if uiey could from the
north. Ttiev did not want to give us the
go-by, and it is certain they want to come
here if they can.' 1
•'When it was asted whether they
would consider coming in on the Califor
nia and Nevada line," continued the
Mayor, "they did not say it would be ac
ceptaoie, but that they intended to have
their ensrineer mnjee survey* along tlie '
route to see what could be done."
The discussion then took a general turn
and it was the prevailing idea that some
terminal should be found north of Sev
enth street, toward the western end of
the city.
E. A. Heron suggested that an executive
committee of riv» be appointed by the
chair to ascertain what the railroad wants
and what rights of way can be reasonably I
assured.
M. J. Keller wanted re«olutions passed I
to the f ffect t::at the committee believes
it is abie to secure a ri^ht of way into
Oakland, in order to get the matter prop
erly to the front.
Others thought differently, some being
of the idea that a number ot suitable ter- I
minals should be determined on first.
The Mayor believed the executive corn
nnttc* was a good iaea. It was put in tne
form of a motion and carried. The follow- j
ins were chosen: K. A. Heron, W. B.
Princie. M. J. Keller, fi. C. Sessions and
W. V. Witcher.
Mr. Keiier then offered the following:
"Resolve;!, That the committee shall
offer the best efforts to get the Valley road
into Oaklan i, the amount of the financial
aid to be determined by the location of
the terminal."
It was unanimously carried.
W. R. Davis mentioned the fact that
neither the committee nor the city could
brine condemnation suita in order to get
r'ghts of way, but the railroad could
do so.
EL A. Heron (ui^ested that the com- j
WK"VT TO-DAY,
ti&g^fejggb A disinterested
JBE*w£s&^*fcs^ °- w himself t0 bo
and common-sense
— -■ »i —_._Hr i. problem of curing
-"- .rrs-it »- their sickness, we
will soon be a na-
tion most remarkable for health and longev-
ity. The plain, undecorated facts about Dr.
•Pierces Golden Medical Discovery are all
that is necessary to convince fair-minded
people of its transcendent merit. They
are as follows :
All diseases come from germs. The germs
get into the blood, propagate and increase
in the blood, which carries them all over the
body. When they find a weak spot, th,ey
stick to the weak spot. It becomes a dis-
eased spot, and the disease is called by the
name corresponding to its location in the
body. The cause is the same for nearly all
diseases. All impurities are germs, or breed
germs. Impure blood means germ filled
blood. Kill the germs, eliminate the im-
purities, enrich the blood, and it will force
itself into the diseased spot and strengthen
it, and give it power to throw off the germs
that «xist there. Dr. Pierce* Golden Med-
ical Discovery is designed to do this—
is the theory. The facts are these — tens of
thousands of people have used the "Dis-
covery." It used to be sold with the under-
standing that if it didn't cure, it should be
returned, and the money refunded. No-
body ever asked for the money, and so that
clause was dropped. Thousands of people
have written voluntary letters of thanks to
its discoverer. A few of these letters have
been included in Dr. Pierces great thou-
sand page book, Common Sense Medical
Adviser. It will be sent absolutely free on
receipt of 21 one-cent stamps to pay for
mailing only. Address, with stamps, World's
Dispensary Medical Association, No. 663
Mam Street, Buffalo, K. Y.
niittee could incorporate as a terminal
corporal. o:i, and thus be able to bring
Mills.
It was finally decided, however, tiiat
the subject was somewhat premature at
present."
T c question was brought up as to
whether the railroad people expected Oak
land to lurni>h a complete risjbi of way
from here to Point Richmond. Some
thoueht this was the idea 1 , while others
believed a route from the charter line in
was the only matter involved. Itwasde
ciued to leave the question with the ex
ecutive committee.
The committee then adjourned to meet
again at the call of the chair, when reports
will be received from the sub-organiza
tion.
* — * — * —
LOUIE QUONG TREED.
Sliftsing Witnesses in the Perjury Cast*
Could Not Be Found.
United States Attorney Foote appeared
before Judge Morrow yesterday morning
and stated that the United State? officers
had been unable to find the principal
witness against Louie Qnons, indicted for
perjury. He therefore moved that the i
case be dismissed. .Judge Morrow gram- i
ed the motion and ordered the prisoner
discharged.
Louie Quong was a Chinese interpreter
employed in the Custom-house with Dick
j\V [Hams, now under indictment. On the
; inai of Wong Sam in March, 169 G. charged :
I v. mi import into San Francisco :' Inwd
; woman named Dune Sun Yet, Quong
swore that he had not accompanied me
woman to a photographer in Chinatown
and had her,picture taken in imitation of
work done by a Hongkong photograph
gallery. Several Chinese witnesses swore
that Quong had taken the woman there,
and produced the photograph in evidence.
After Louie Quong's arrest the witnesses
disappeared and could not again be found. 1
The Masonic Widows' and Orphans' Home at Decoto, for the Benefit of "Which the Drill Will
Be Given by the Knights Templar To-Night.
CHASED AN D CAPTURED.
John Edwards, a Burglar, Dis- '
covered in a Rooming-
House.
When Arrested a Numb r of Stolen
Articles Were Found in Hi?
Poc Scots.
John Edwards, a "dope fiend," 30 years ;
of age. was booked at tho City Prison last ■
night by Policeman P. H. Murphy on a
charge of burglary.
Edwards by means of skeleton keys en- ■
t*>red the rooming-house of Miss Mallett, '
402O'Farrell street. He ransacked the i
room occupied by Mrs. Naunders and then
paid a visit to Mrs. Munro'a room.
David Vincent, one of the roomers, on j
reaching the bouse about 6:30 o'clock saw ;
Mrs. Munro's cioor open, an<l thinking it
strange he looked in. home one shut the
closet door from the inside. He thought !
it was Mrs. Munro's boy and walked up
to the closet. He tried to open the door, \
but the person inside held it tight till
Vincent succeeded in foicingit open a few
inches, when he saw enough to convince ,
him that a burglar was inside.
Vincent left the room, locking the door I
and taking the key with him. He went
to the grocery on the corner of O'Farrell ;
and Taylor and got a revolver. Thus i
armed he returned to the house and met
Edwards, who had used his skeleton keys j
with effect, comine downstairs.
E I wards dashed past Vincent, who j
started in pursuit, and J. !■>. Lean joined j
him. Policeman Murphy saw the chase, j
anil, running up Taylor street, he inter
cepted Edwards at Williams street and |
arrested him.
Edwards was taken to the rooming- j
house and Miss Mallett identified him as !
a young man she saw in the bouse. He!
was then taken to the City Prison, and on
being searched a souvenir silver spoon,
five silver nutpicks.lady's pold pin, a 1
pair of opera-glasse3 and several other
articles were found in his pockets, which
Mrs. Saundera identified later as her
property. A number o: skeleton keys
were also found in his pockets.
The rooming-hous* has been visited by
a burslar several times recently, and the
police believe Edwards has been the man.
■ — • — • .
CHRISTIAN ENDEAVOR NEWS.
Severn I New Appointmrnli Made on
the Ushers* and Press Committees.
The '97 committee of the Society for
Christian Endeavor met last evenine at
its headquarters in the Y. M. C. A. build
ins:. Owing to the absence of the chair
man, Roila Watt, ther«* was not very
much done. Several appointments were
made on the ushers' committee asfollows:
D. F. Parker, Professor Ham, J. T. Nash
and Walker Ames.
The committee on entertainment re
ported tbe progress oi assigning hotel ac
commodations for the Eastern Stale dele
gations. It was reported that at the pres
ent time there was more accoraiuoda;ions
provided for State delegations than had
been arranged for at ihe opening of some
of the previous international conventions.
Lester B. Smi;h was made a member of
the press committee.
G. W. Campbell, president of the Cali
fornia State Union, and F. W. Reid. State
secretary of the same union, were present
to make arrangements for space ior the
California State Union delegation at the
Mechanics' Pavilion during the coming
couventioM.
Of the '97 committee there were present
C..Z. Merritt, Purcell Row*, Donald Mac
kenzie, C. F. Balker, Rev. William Rader
Dr. Dille and G. B. Littlelield.
• ♦ — •
Dr. Stahle \ c tin Arrested.
Dr. F. W. Stahle, ex-Superintendent of the
City and County Hospital, against whom the
Grand Jury lound another Indictment lor em
bezzlement, surreudered himsel- at the Citr
Prison yesterday afternoon. He was released
on ciriug $1000 cash bail. \
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, APRIL 23, 1897.
KNIGHTS TEMPLAR
ELECT OFFICERS
George D. Metcalf Is Chosen
for the New Grand
Commander.
The Grand Generalissimo Is John
F. Merrill of This
City.
Bg Competitive Drill To-Night in Aid
(f the Widows' and Orphans'
Home at Decoto
At 10 o'clock yesterday morning the
thirty -ninth annual conclave of the Grand
Comniandery of the Knights Templar
opened at the Masonic Temple aad will
continue for three days. There was a very
large attendance and much interest was
taken in the election of the various offi
cers for the ensuing 3*ear.
The first trrng, however, that com
manded the attention of the members
was the report of the secretary and various
committees- Immediately after these
were read an adjournment was taken till
2 o'clock In the afternoon. When the
members convened again it was to nomi
nate and elect the regular annual officers.
It took a pood while to gettbroueb with
the nominating and balloting, so long, in
fact, thai when the J.i3t names had been
voted for the day was ended and every
body was ready to go borne. The follow
ing is the full list of officers elected. They
represent the different parts of the State
pretty thoroughly:
Right Excellent Sir George V. Metcalf of
Oakland, grana commander; Very Ex
cellent Sir Robert M. Powers of San
Diego, deputy grand commander; Excel
lent Sir Joan I-. Merrill, of San Fraucisco,
grand generaiissimn; Excellent fcir Fred
erick M. Miller of Fresno, grand captain
general; Excellent Sip Charles E. Stone
of Marysville, grand prelate; Excellent
Sir George B. McKpb of &«n Francisco,
grand senior warden; Excellent Sir
William Frank Pierce of Oakland, grand !
junior warden; Excellent Sir Edward j
Coleman of San Francisco, grand trea- !
*urer, ana Excellent Sir Thomas H. Cas- j
well of San Francisco, srand recorder.
This morning at 10 o'clock the members j
of the Grand Commandery will meet to |
take action in regard to the committees. ■
The six or eight appointive offices wiil
also be tilled ai an early period.
Interest now centers on the grand drill
exhibition, which is to take place this
evening at the Pavilion. It is to be a
competitive drill and the commanderies
here and at Oakiand, San Jose and pos
sibly Sacramento will be represented. It
is expected there will be much to see and
enjoy.
The object of the entertainment at the
Pavilion is highly worthy and creditable
to me member?. It is to furnish means |
to complete the Widows' and Orphans'
Home at Decoto, Alameda County, the
loundation of which was laid last fall.
The location of the home is beautiiul. It
has been thought that the home would
prove in every way a blessing to the
widows and orphans and tuerefore every
effort will be made to finish it in a neat
and comfortable manner.
It is expected there wiil be a laree at
tendance at the Pavilion. The competi
tive drill will probably well entertain all
who can crowd in to see it.
A NEW HALL.
Mission Lodge of Masons Will T.my the
Cornerstone Next Satur
day.
On Juno 28, 1863. a few enterprising
members of the Masonic order met at the
hall corner of Center (which is now Six
teenth) and Valencia streets and formu
lated a petition to the Most Worshipful
William C. Belcher, grand master of Ma
tons of California, fora dispensation au
thorizing them to organize a Masonic
lodge in the district. On September?,
1863, the desired dispensation was granted
and on September 15 Mission Lodge, with
thirteen members, began its work there
under. On the 13th day of October, 1864
a charter was duly granted to Mission
Lodce No. 109, F. and A. M. It has been
a prosperous lodge from the time of its
organization. It has grown In numbers
and wealth until now the statistics show
it to be one of the strongest lodges, both
numerically and financially, in the State.
From its original thirteen charter mem
bers it has increased to over 350 active
members at . the present time, and its
charities have been dispensed judiciously
and liberally. Feeling the need of larger
quarters the Mission Lodge Masonic Hall
Association was incorporated, both the
lodee. and members subscribing to the
stock, and a lot on the corner of Four
teenth and Guerrero streets purchased,
which tho association still owns. The lo
cation not being central enough the pres
ent lot on Mission street, between Twenty
second ana Twenty-third, was, purchased,
beinp 54 feet front by 125 feet in depth, on
which a substantial brick building is be
ing erected. There will be two stores on
the ground floor, with a large hall with
dome organ loft and secretary's office, and
one smaller hall and banquet-room.
, 'The main bailor lodgeroom will be the
largest of its kind in the State outside of
the Masonic Temple =in this City. The
new hall is situated in . the center of a dis
trict that is rapidly increasing in popula
tion, and is easily accessible from all parts
of the City.
The following are the officers of Mission
Lodge No. 169. P. and A. M. :
Andrew Christenson, W. M. ; William H.
Cobb. B. \V. ; Fred H. Gldsou, J. W. ; George V.
Hack, treasurer; Charles L). Bunker, secre
tary; Charles A. Day, S. IX; Charles W. Stur
tress, J. D. ; Charles F. Llbby. marshal ; Chanes
E. Benedict and William C. Ordway, stewards;
diaries Gitsnam, tyler.
Following are "the directors of Mission
Lodge, Masonic Hail Association:
Harvey C. Somers.president; JameslP. Hodg
aon, vice-president; George D. Flack, treas
urer; Henry C. Bunker, frecretary, James W.
Keystou aud Andrew ChristensoD.
The cornerstone will be laid Saturday,
April 24, at 2 p. m., under the auspices of
the Grand Lod^e of California, F. and A.
M. The procession will start from the
present lodge hall at Sixteenth and Va
lencia streets, thence to Nineteenth, to
Mission and to the site of the new build
ing.
SUES THE DIVISION.
j California Branch of the Wheelmen's
League Winds Up in a League
Tangle.
N. A. Hancock, as the assignee of Han
cock Bros., P. N. Long and H. F. Wynne,
has sued the North California Division,
League of American neelmen, for $166.
Hancock Bros, were the official printers
i of the division, and there is a balance of
; $116 owing them. I*. Is. Long wants $25
us the balance of his retainer as attorney
' of the organization, and Wynne claims
that be was authorized to spend $25 for
expenses which be did out of his own
pocket and was never reimbursed.
The plaintiff has attached 1400 road
i booKs belonging to the division, valued at
i $500, to secure his claim.
ART SPRING EXHIBITION.
Local Talent Presents Many
Original Drawings and
Faintings.
All the Popular Artis's Well Repre
sented and Mir.y New Names
in tli ■ Line.
By special invitation last evening so
ciety and tte patrons of the Hopkins Art
Institute attended the opening of the
art spring exhibition, which lrom to-day
on will be thrown open to the general
pubiic
Three exhibitions of local art works
within the limited period of a year
must be urged as an excuse for the rather
meaner showing nu.de by California
artists. What the exhibition lacked in
numbers, however, was made up in gen
eral excellence. All the popular artists
were well represented, and many new
names were noticed in the line.
The exhibit was worthy a greater at
tendance than the specially invited saw
lit to honor it with. Not more than 100
representative art lovers loitered through
tne spacous rooms or toyed with the cat
alogues before some specially admired
picture.
There were no favorites. Each exhibitor
apparently had a following and no paint
ing however modest lacked its little knot
of kindly critic-.
Latimer showed several pictures. His
"Solitude," a restful study in brown and
ereen, wiih a high light shining throneb
ttie trees, was greatly admired. His
"Meadow," with its calm, cool atmosphere,
and the dainty bit, "'Sunset," founa many
admirers.
Mary Curtis Richardson's "Sketcn /or a
Portrait" was among the most pleasing of
figure studies.
Chris Jorgensen's "Coast, Near Santa
Cruz," was especially admired for its
rich coloring.
R. D. Yelland's "Autumn Twilight,
Long Island, New Yorfc," was a striking
study of light and shade done in the
anist"s best vein.
A delicious bit of ruality was A. P.
Niles' "Shady Road."
The lights and shadows in Clara E.
Curtis' "Summer" were cleverly man
aged.
Mary T. Menton's dainty little color
piece. "A Study in Violets," was greatly
admired.
(j. Cadenesso showed a pretty land
scape, "Spring," which was chiefly
noticeable loi its delicate coloring.
Like a zephyr from the country with its
breath of spring was "William Keith's
"From the Berkeley Hilis— Springtime."
Keith's "Sunset" showed exquisite
coloring and a tenderness of poetic senti
ment rarely attained.
Other pictures which drew forth favor
able criticism were Jules Pages' "Musee
de Cluny, Paris," Alice B. Chittenden's
'•Chrysanthemums," Mary Curtis Rich
ardson's "Childhood," Charles Rollo
Peters' "Cyprus Tree, Moonli.'bt" and
his "Moonri'e," Elizabeth Curtis O'Sulli
van's "Portrait," Jules P.i^'es Jr.'s "Fish
Alley, Chinatown," and Kveyn McCoi
micli's "Sandhills. Monterey.".*
» ♦ — •
Custom-House Krgulatlons.
Collector of the Port Wise issued the follow
ing notice yesterday to importers and brokers:
Those who desire to have eniri s of their goods
passed under the act of August B& 1894, without
having the stamp prescribed in department circu
lar of April '.. 1897, placed then-on, are required
to produce the proof thai the goods covered by
said entries were purchased and ordered tor ship
ment to the United States prior to April 1, 1897,
to the deputy collector at the time of entry; Other
wise the entries will b« held open subject to any
higher rates that may be euacieti by Congress.
I am going out of business— will be out by
July 1. 1 have hundreds of remnants of dress
goods in black and colors; remnants of ging
hams, sattepns, lawns, cloths, cassi meres, flan
nel!-, table linens and a lot of single pairs and
half-pairs of lace curtains which I must sell.
If tou ca}l to-day you can have your pick for
very little money. C. Curtin, 911 and 913
Market street. •
WILLING TO LIVE
WITH THE LEPERS
One Woman Who Would
Devote Her Whole
Life to Them.
Mrs. Sarah J. Hutchinson Makes
an Offer to the Board
of Health.
F-rels Called to lUka Their Lives
More Bsar. b'.i— She Talks of
Her Plans
There is one woman in this City who is
i self-sacrificing enough to wish to deruie
| her life to the unfortunate being who are
! immured for life in that dismal, dilapida
i ted building celled the Pe3thouse. She
I asks for no pay, no emoluments, nothing
j but the permission to make their lives,
I while they last, more bearable by render
j ing their moldy prison more homelike.
This is the letter sac addressed to the
Board of Health on the subject yesterday:
San Francisco, April 22.
Mr. President, and Gentlemen of the Board of
Health: I nave a petition to bring before you
in regard to the lepers now confined in the
Festhouse; it may perhaps be more properly
called a request. I wish to ast j-ou to give me
the care of (hem, and of course put it in ruy
power to make them as comfortable as the
inmates of the hospital are nade. If I could
talk to you, 1 could make it more plain what I
mean than lean on paper, but what I want, Is
to have them as it were, given to me, the power
given me to make them as hat'py and con
tented as you would wish to have them made
if they were your own children. Their life is
a hard one at the best, alter nil has been done
that can be to alleviate their condition, and
the Lord nns Riven me a great loving pity for
them wherever found.
I teian about two years ago to try for the
privilege ol going to Molokai (H. I.) and have
since been to the Marquesas Islands in their
behalf, but my services are not need d there.
I did not know of the lepers at the I'esthouse
until my return from Hawaii, but they do
need some one to make them a home. 1 nave
been to see them and hereby offer ray services
ns a homemaker for the leper* confined at the
Pesthouse, with the privileges that any home
maker has, of conr-.e, always with the approval
of the board.
I do not wish any salary, but will provide
everything myself except that I should wish
for board anu lodging.
I will be glad to go more into details with
yon if you will grant me an interview. Hop
ing that you will Rive this serious considera
tion 1 am yours, very respectfully,
Mrs Sarah J. IFitchinson.
Hotel Rainona, 130 i'llis street.
When seen at the Kamona last evening
i Mrs. Hutchinson said that she was actu
| ated to make her proposition to the boar!
j mainly because sh»* was concerned for the
i salvation of the suffering ones' souls. But
her feelings of humanity, she explained,
cut no small ligure with ncr desire to take
charge of the .epers.
"I want to be to them as a mother to
her children,' she added. "They should
be tHUght that for suffering and torture of
the flesh the only true remedy lies in the
peace that curnes through following in
ihe steps of the Lord.
"I am a member of the Holiness Church
of Los Angeles. So I believe in sanctirica
tion — that justification stops short oi the
highest religious sentiment."
Mrs. Hutchinson was ignorant of why
her mission to Hawaii failed. She stated
that s. c handed in her application to the
Board of Health at Honolulu to take
charge of tbe lepers at Molokai, and that
It was refused, with no reason assigned.
A second application received the same
treatment, and the new -papers simply
said, "Refused for the varue reason as at
first"
THE PUEE FOOD CONGRESS.
It Will Be Held in the Large Fioneer
Hall.
The Pure Food Congress, to be held on
April 30 and May 1, will without doubt be
a grand success. At the meeting of the
Manufacturers' Association and the com
mittees of the Pure Food Congress yester
day there was a very large attendance,
there being present: J. W. Kerr, W. F.
Bowers, M. J. Keller, S. McKee, I. Jacobs,
A. McLaughliu, Julian fcSonntag, J. P.
Currier, L. R. Mead, F. L. Brown, A.
S&arboro and B. N. Rowley.
The first matter considered was the
place of meeting. It was exnected that
the gathering would be held in the
Chamber of Commerce, but it was quickly
seen, after the invitations were s<snt out,
that the place wcuid not be nearly large
enouch to accommodate the delegates, a
lar^e number of whom are coming from
the interior cities. It was decided to hold
the congress in the Pioneer Hall on Fourth
i street, near Market. This hall will hold
about 450 people. I. Jacobs reported that
so far 411 delegates have promised to
attend the congress, and there are more to
hear from.
The special committee consisting of
Messrs. Rowley, Filcher, Mead, Jacobs
and Sonntag, appointed to prepare a i>ro
gramme and the order of business, made
its report, showing the manner of opening
the congress, appointing committees, etc.
The speakers und subjects will be ar
ranged Inter. It was decided toorgan:ze
the congress under the supervision of the
Manufacturers' and Producers' Associa
tion and a committee from the Council of
Associated Industries.
WANTED -A GROSSING.
Mission Residents Ask an Outlet From
Chenery Street to the Muslim Road.
The Street Committee of the rSoard of
Supervisors field a long discussion yester
day on the advisability of making a cross
ing of the railroad at Rrcmoke and Milton
streets for the purpose of giving residents
of the Mission district an outlet from
Chenery street to the Mission road.
Supervisor Clinton appeared on behalf
of the residents and asked that a grade
crossing be m«de by ordering fences across
the ends of Iloanoke and Milton streets
removed. Thi-, he said, would give the
desired result at a small expense.
Chief Engineer Curtis vi the railroad
company said a grade crossing would be
dangerous and the proper way to settle
the matter wouM be to construct a bridge
to connect the two streets and by making
an under grade crossing at Castro street,
give the desired outlet.
Dr. Clinton objected to this on the
ground that it would cost several thousand
dollars to construct the bridge which the
City would have to pay, while the grade
crossing would cost very little. He
thought the railroad comnany desired to
save the expense of maintaining a gate
there.
The matter went over for two weeks.
THE CLOSE OF THE SEASON.
Society of Pioneers Entertained Their j
Famine* Last .Evening.
The Society of California Pioneers closed
their season of entertainment with a pleas
ant.recqption to mem Lets and their families
at Pioneer Hall last cvenine. Miss Josie
Davis recited "Ihe Orsrau Builder," and
was followed by Miss Florence Fair, who
sauß "Bunker Hill." Tiie vocalist was ac
companied by Mrs. Frank Brag,;. The
entertainment was concluded by a catchy
recitation entitled "1 am a California Girl,"
by Miss Lonise Cleveland. The members
of the society and friends than miDgled in
the mazes of the dance, which concluded
; at 12 o'c ock.
KFTT TO-DAT— GOODS. .^
speciailTeaders
I3W
SPRING GOODS!
■
To successfully close another great week's business in New
Spring Goods we make A SPECIAL OFFERING of the following
stylish and seasonable lines at
PRICES BARGAIN-BUYERS WILL APPRECIATE!
LADIES' WAISTS.
Cfli - LADIES' LAUNDERED SHIRT
vJW, WAISTS, "Stanley" make, de-
tachable collars, will be offered at
50c each.
7C r -LADIES' LAUNDERED SHIRT
a vJV. WAISTS, detachable collars, in
all fancy stripes and figures, will
be offered at 75c each.
<LI f\(\— LADIES' LAUNDERED DIM-
vpIAMJF ITV SHIRT WAISTS, in all
the latest, patterns, will be ol-
lered at $1 each.
<&l CA- LADIES 7 ~FANCY DIMITY
q>l*vJU A d FIGURED LAWN
WAISTS, in the very latest fig-
ured patterns, will be offered
at $1 50 each.
LADIES' KID GLOVES.
f%f| r 150 dozen 4-BUTTON REAL KID
\*\J\* LOVES, large buttons, biocK
only, regular price $1, . on special
sale at UOc a pair.
TK r — 103 dozen 8-BUTTON LENGTH
i vJl* MOUSQUETAIRE UNDRESSED
KID IiJLOVES, in dark ani me-
dium tan shades, regular price
$1 2j, on special sale at 760 a pair.
MEN'S FURNISHINGS.
fZf| r — 162 dozen. MEN'S UNLAUN-
vJVFC DERED WHITE SHIRTS, made
01 Utid Nonpareil com. with
double backs, r -eniorced linen
fronts, felled seams and guaian-
teed penect titling, worth $1, on
special sale at 50c each.
CA r -66dozen MEN'S STANLEY AND
vJVFI^ GOLF SHIRTS, made up in me
latest style and of new spring
suirtings, worth $1, on special sa.e
at 50c each.
EA r - 92 dozen MEN'S DERBY RlB-
*J\tV' BED BALBRIGGAiN UNDER.
SHIRTS AND DRAWERS, in
new tau shidcs, shirts tiiuL-htd
with silk French-ribbed collar-
ettes and drawers uoubie seated,
worth $1, on special sale at 50c
each.
HANDKERCHIEFS.
At lOc Each.
LADIES' WHITE HEMSTITCHED
LINEN handkerchiefs (sligutly
iiiiperiect), regular value $ % 1 40 a aozen, ;
will be oflerea at 10c eacii.
At 15c Each.
LADIES' WHITE HEMSTITCHED !
LINEN HANDKERCHIEFS (slightly
imperfect), regular price $1 a dozen
will be offered at 15c each. , j
NEW CLOAKS AND SUITS.
ti^fi AA— LADIES' COVERT CLOTH JACKETS, new sleeves, fly front, all-silk
vJj\J«\/vr lined, worth $S 00, on sale at $6 each.
&A AC- LADIES' SERGE SUITS, fly-front jacket, lined with silk, new sleeve,
M* ■•^nJ skirt lined and bound, worth $7 f>o, on sale at $1 95 each.
tf?7 7 -—LADIES' LIGHT BROWN COVERT CLOTH SUITS, Bolero Jacket,
M'" •■ *■* lined with silk, and braiu ornaments in fro it, skirt lined and bound,
worth $12, on saie at $7 75 each.
Gf: CA— LADIES' FIGURED SILK DRESS SKIRTS, full width, double lined
<4'"«^" and bound. lar •> figures, worth $10. on sale at $6 50 each.
fmf M^ MURPHY BUILDING, /
{/[/ Martet Street, Comer of Jones, /
San Prancisoo,
CHILDREN COUNT WORDS
Thousands of Answers Sent In
to the Carnival Coa
test.
Three of the Lucky Winners An
nounced Last Night After a
Cartful Count.
The carnival word contest got up for the
children of the State has not lapsed wan
the carnival, nor will the successful young
sters have to go without tneir prizes just
because the fiesta has gone over for a year.
The lists are all in and have been
counted, and the first three prize-winners
have been announced.
The idea was to make as many woras as
possible from the words "Golden Gate
Carnival," the words to be jjood Enclish
words and to be found in the dictionary.
Fred Cost, southeast corner of Stockton
and Chestnut streets, won first pr;ze with
9296 words; Frank Mighell, 386 Twenty
fourth street, was second, with 8339 words,
ana Ethel Way, 923 Fell a. reel, came
third, with 828-1 words.
The answers were turned over to Miss
Lillie Follis of this City, and on her rested
the burden of countini and verifying.
They came in by thousands. Tiiere'were
lists iv blankbook?, on foolscap, on wrap
pinp paper, on scraps of old letters.
There were words never In the dictionary,
words misspelled and uncounted, some
lists not signed, others accompanied by
pathetic little notes. Tney almost filled
a room when pied together, and the task
of sorting them out was a herculean one.
The prizes will be $25, $15, $10 and ten
prizes of $1 each. These will be paid at
once from the remainder of the canival
funds, Th« lists have been coming in for |
I WASH GOODS.
When we want to offer some Leaders in
j Wash Goods we rind it the best way to.cut
I the value in two and close out the lines
quickly. We have lots of them, although
I our Special Sales last week closed out some
! lines. Our new arrivals require more
) room. These prices will make it:
About 250 pieces Fine Grade, Sty!- 71/, '
ish 15c DIMITIES, lat yard *A>
About 50 pieces SHEER IMPORT-
ED 25c DIMITIES and TISSUES f 91^
at -....yard 1— J*->
I TAMBOUR. FANTAISIES and 1• fi
other high-grade fabrics at. yard i-^U
NICE. FINE INDIA LINONS, Ol
the 12»4c quality, at yard O3U
HOSIERY DEPARTMENT
LADIES' FAST BLACK COT-
TuN HOSE, tan and new russet
shades, high -spliced els,
double soles and toes, all sizes, QXs»
worth 50c a pair, at 6mO\j
LADIES' FINEST BLACK IM-
PORTED COTTON HOSE, tine
Maco yarn, plain and ribbed,
. with white leet, reguiarly aold y'JU
• at 50c a pair, special at.... O*J<\i
New Spring, Fancy Two Toned
HOSIERY, plain and ribbed,
black boots, with uppers of pink,
sky, red, lavender, canary and £) ■ ~
Nile; our 50c quality at..... pair &->Vj
LADIES' BELTS, Etc.
LADIES' LEATHER BELTS, col-
ors tan, brown, green and black,
harness buckle, special prices 9*«
! :soc, 35c and 50cet>ch. uOKj
LADIES 1 FINE SATIN HOSE
SUPPORTERS, coiors black,
lignt blue, pink, cardinal and
orange, button lastener; special i)Xt*
at pair &O\j
j REAL BLACK OSTRICH
FEATHER COLLARETTES, ffi»t).oo
18-inch ribbon ties, at $2, $2 50, T^- —
*■;, |3 50, $4, $4 50 and $seacn Up.
RIBBONS! RIBBONS!
3^-INCH ALL-SILK SHADED
TAFFETA MOIRE KiB-
BONii, in assorted coiois, OA«
value 30c a yard, will be oi- &\)\.i
fered at Yard
4-INCH ALL- SILK SHADED
TAFFETA MOIRE RIB- *)%„
BONS, in assorted colors, value &*j\j
40c a yard, will be offered at.. Yard
I three weeks, and the contest closed last
' Saturday.
Battered a Policeman,
John C. Lang, an lronmolder, was sentence 1
to six months in the County Jail by acting
| Police Judge Kerrigan yesterday for battery
upon Policeman P. A. Pe>hon. Lang was ar
rested by Peshon on Stockton street Monday
! night for being drunk, and he struck Feihon
; in the lc.ee, blackening one of his eyes.
• — ♦ — •
'Woman's Press Association.
There was a dress rehearsal at the California
Theater of the entertainment for the benefit of
the Woman's Press Association last night, and
the performers gave promise of a lively per
formance to-night. The curtain will rls©
promptly at 8 o'clock.
NEW TO-DAY.
Nothing ever
made friends as
fast as Jrb/rfy
Baking Powder;
but^#foaw& Spices
and Flavoring
Extracts are not
far behind.
I" Tillaann ft Bendei; Mfn.