VOLUME LXXXL— NO. 7^7
GRECIANS
PREPARE
FOR WAR
Arms and Ammunition Are
Landed for Cretan
Insurgents.
CONFLICT WITH TURKEY
UNAVOIDABLE.
King George Evidently Expects
the Support of Certain
Powers.
ARMIIS CF MANY NATIONS
IT.ADY TO ACT.
It R mains With Russia as to the
Att:tud: of Europe in the
Comirg Imbroglio
CANE A, Crete, Feb. 13.— Tbe Greek
flotilla, commanded by Prince George of i
Greece, is reported to have landed a large j
quantity of aims, ammunition and pro
visions, intended lor the Cretan insur
gents. The insurgents in large numbers
occupy the hills around Canea, awaiting
the arrival o' arm 9 and munitions.
It is reported here that a Greek warship
has compelled a Turkish warship which
was attempting io Jeave Caudia to return
to her anchorage.
CONSTANTINOPLE, Tvrkft, Feb. 13.—
Ihe Forte has iniormed the powers that
Turuey will attack Greece in Thessaiy in
the event of the powers failing to restrain
hostile action on the cart of Greece in
Crete.
ARMIES MX K£aUl.\ ESS.
More Than One European Tower Is Pre
pnrtng /or War.
BERLIN. Germany, Feb. 13.— The pol- |
icy of Germany in regard to Crete, ac- i
ciniing to direct authority from the For
eign Ottice, is strict adherence to the
course agreed upon by the concert of pow- i
ers recently established in respect to Tur- '
key, and it is furtner announced upon the j
same authority that Germany particularly i
stands by the side of Austria, and will
support Austria's lead in the present
crisis.
This official declaration, made concur
rent with the declaration of Baron Banffy,
the Hungarian Premier, in the Hungarian
Chamber of Deputies to-day, that there
was no foundation for the report that the
Austro-Kungarian army was being mo
bilized, which became Known here late
this afternoon, may have the effect to par
tially allay the existing alarms, but only
partially, as the advices received from
many quarters point out that war is in
evitable.
.both Greece and Turkey are hurryin-r
forward troops to the frontiers of Thessalia
with the utmost dispatch, ami everything
in the vicinity of the Thessalonian borders
bears a warlike aspect. German military
officers who have served in the Turkish
army agree that Turkey could over
whelm Greece on land in a very short
time. Some idea of the military activity
of Turkey may be gathered from the fast
that twenty-two Macedonia battalions
have received orders to march to Tnes
salonia, and the Albanian Argonauts have
been ordered out and eight battalions of
ftedifs irom Asia Minor have been sum
moned for duty in Thesaalia. It is esti
mated that within a fortnight Turkey
will hare together an army sufficiently
strong for a successful invasion of Greece
if the powers do not in the meantime
interfere, which it is perfectly plain Greece
expects them to do. It is probable that
the powers will allow Turkey to make a
Yhe San Francisco Call
This picture represents the cruiser Columbia eettin R under way to pive chase to a blocfcade-rnnner in obedience to a signal hoisted at the yardarm of Admiral Bunce's flagship the New York The
battle-ships Indiana and Maine at anchor are shown in the background. The Columbia has flashed an electric light over the waters, striking the shore near Fort Moultrie. The big cruiser is too late however,
as the fleet torpedo-boat nas got past ihe fort and signalizes her safety by sending up a rocket. '
military demonstration in Thessalia, but
it ia not at all likely that she will be per
mitted to go any further. One mine,
however, is perfectly clear, and that £
that any invasion of Greece by Turkey,
whether it shall be followed by tue de eat
of the Greeks or the repulse of the in
vaders, will be the signal for a rising in
Macedonia and a general Balkan war.
Most of the Berlin newspapers are
mildly sympathetic with Greece and
Crete. The Berlin Post, however, takes a
contrary view of the situation, and in an
article on the subject &ays: "Surely the
powers will refuse to allow a rich island
and the key to the .r'jjean Sea to be ac
quired 1 by an unworihy slate like Greece,
it would be better to make Crete tributary,
but independent like Samoa."
According to adv.ces received here from
Russia the military authories in the Cau
casus and Odessa districts have received
orders from St. Pete-sburg to mobilize
their force and are now ready to embark
from Odessa an estimated force of 27,000
men. Including the Sebastopol and Nico
laieff detachments this would make a
body of 37,000 men ready for instant ser
vice in the field. In addition to the.-c
preparations transport ships with full
steam up are ready to embark and get
under way within a few hours. If an ex
pedition from Odessa should be decided
upon it would land at Scutari.
Premier Banffy, in denying in the Hun
garian Chamber to-day that the Austro-
Hungarian army was being mobilized,
neglected to mention the fact which is
well-known here tuat the officials manag
ing the Austro-Hungarian Southern Rail
way have given instructions by telegraph
to all stations to have everything in readi
ness at twenty-four hours' notice to assist
in mobilizing and dispatching troops and
munitions of war.
BUDA-PESTH, Hungary, Feb. 13.— 1n
the Chamber of Deputies 10-day Baron
Banffy, the Hungarian Premier, declared
that the rumor which is in circulation
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY MORNING, FEBRUARY 14, 1897— THIRTY PAGES.
THE BLOCKADING FLEET OFF CHARLESTON.
about the Austro-Hnngarisn army being
mobilized is without foundation. The
trouble in Crete, he said, was due partly
to agitation by Greek committees and
partly to delay in carrying out reforms in
administration of tbe'affairs of the island
which had been conceded by the Sultan.
Greece, the Premier further said, had acted
in the matter against the advice of the
powers who had agreed absolutely upon
the necessity of maintaining peace and
the status quo in the East.
CHRIaTIAXS AMD MOSLEMS.
It I* Aow Certain They Can A«t>ef J. (re
in Harmony.
LONDON, Ebb., Feb. 13. -It has been
made very apparent during the past week
The New Ironsides,
A formidable Ironclad that was used as the
flagship of the Admiral commanding
trie blockading fleet off Charleston
rturine the war.
j that the Christians and Mussulmans in
I the island of Crete will never be able to
live together in harmony, and that some
thine will shortly have to be done by the
powers to prevent the periodical recur
rence of the massacres and incendiarism
which mark the outbreaks on the island.
It has looked for two days as though an
armed conflict between Turkey and
Greece was inevitable, the latter country
} in its character of self-appointed protector
I of the Cretan Christians being determined
to prevent at all cost the landing ia Crete
[ of Turkish troops to re-enforce those ai
! ready there. The Greeks generally look
upon Crete as being by right part of the
Grecian domains, and they are wildly en
| thusiastic over the pending dispute,
j which promises to demand the interven
tion of the powers with the result of the
ultimate annexation of the island by
Greece.
It was reported from Constantinople
yesterday that the Turkish Government
took a very gloomy view of the situation,
and that, in fact, it has notified the pow
ers that it would not send any re-enforce
ments to Crete.
The exact rea son for this decision is no
known, but it is pretty certain that had
extra troops been sent to the island their
landing would have been opposed by the
Greek torpedo flotilla, which is under the
cpramand of Prince George, the second
son of the King of Greece. Lord Salis
bury was informed to this effect yester
day by the Greek Charge d'Affaires.
Considerable reliance is placed on the
scheme of M. Hanotaux, the French
Foreign Minister, for the settlement of
the trouble. As stated in the United
Associated Presses dispatches ye«terdny
this scheme provides for the blockade of
Crete by the Dowers and the occupation of
the principal centers. This would pre
vent the Christians from obtaining arms,
ammunition and re-enforcements, which
is well known are constantly arriving
from the mainland. If it be true, as is
sail, that the scheme includes the ulti
mate occupation or the island by Greece,
under the governorship of Prince George,
with the Cretans still paying their annual
tribute to the Porte, it is thought that the
question can be settled on these lines or
in a way very similar.
The outcome is exciting the keenest in
terest and popular sympathy is with the
Christians, though there is no doubt that
in the present troubles they were the ag
gressors.
FXAXC& OJiVns ISTESESTEiJ.
Con H«r«r Zote Sight of thn AUact-1 <r
rnine Sore.
PARIS, France, Feb. 13.— 1n an article
on the situa ion in Crete the Gau'.ois
says that the King of Greece when in Paris
November last gave the Government to
understand that his further resistance to
the aspirations of Greece was impossible
and he was compelled therefore to seek
closer relations with Austria and Great
Britain, the disposition of Russia being
unfriendly. The paper slbo asserts that a
report which has been received here that
the German Emperor made announcement
that he would adhere to the policy of
A Blockade Runner.
The above is a good specimen of the fleet
craft that were turned out of British
shipyards during the war and carried
cargoes into Charleston and other
Southern ports.
France and Russia in the East has caused
a sensation in diplomatic circles. The
Gaulois concludes by warning Germany
that the question of Alsace-Lorraine will
not be lost sight of by France.
THE GHEt.K AFT.
It la Capable of Making a Good Showing
: Again*; Turkey..
Though inferior in numbers of vessels,
guns and men to that of Turkey, the
Greek navy is capable of making a good
showing if it comes to a clash on the
coasts of Crete. i:. : ,. :
Her navy comprises two port defense
Ironclad vessels— the Basilens Georgius,
1774 tons, carrying two 10- ton Kriippguns,'
with four light and two machine guns,
and having a speed of twelve knots, and
the Basilissu Ol R a, 2060 tons, has four 514
--ton and two 3^-ton Krupp guns and a
speed of ten knots; three steel cruisers,
the Hyda, the Spotsai ana the Psura, 4885
tons each, built in France at the forges
and chuntiers of M. Canet. These vessels
have a speed of eighteen knots and are
protected by an over-all steel belt of 11.8
inches at the water line with another of
2.9 inches above. They were equipped at
the time of building each with three 10.6
--inch and four 5.9-inch Canet guns, besides
seven H-pounder quick-firing guns and
eighteen other smaller and machine guns.
The Greek Government decided in the
early part of last year to put in a supple
mentary armament, and cave the order to
M. Canet. The guns were finished and
delivered a short time aeo.
The superiority of the Canet system
over the Krupp and Armstrong has been so
thoroughly demonstrated that both France
I and Russia have adopted it
There arc also seventeen torpedo-boats
of late patterns, varying from B*3 to 115
feet in length, and twelve of smaller size.
She has besides these four unarmored
vessels, two corvettes of 1300 and 1800 tons
and two cruisers of 1000 tons each, be
sides twelve gunboats.
Every marine in the Greek navy is kept
up to a good standard of condition, and
the morale of the officers and men is most
excellent. There are 185 officers and
cadets, among whom is Prince George,
ranking as captain; 247 employes, 587
petty officers, 2146 engine-room men and
sailors. The term of service in the Greek
navy is two years, and there is a large re
serve of trained men to draw from in case
of need, to say nothing of her merchant
sailors, who are to be found on every ship
that sails the Mediterranean.
It EC El VER OVSIJCD.
Compelled to Leave His Post at the Point
af a Herolrer.
HOT SPRINGS, S. Dak., Feb. 13.— The
litigation over the possession of the prop
erty of the Dakota Hot Springs Company,
which includes the Evans Hotel and
baths at this place, reached a cliroei to
day. Colonel Swan had been appointed re
ceiver by the Federal Court and H. J. Curtis
by the District Court on the application
of four distinct sets of creditors. To-day
Colonel Swan was compelled by Deputy
Sherifls to leave the bui ding at the point
of a revolver and the Curtis faction is in
control. No meals have been served to
the guests to-day and the restaurants
around town are doing a thriving busi
ness Colonel Swan points out that the
mortgage given on the property expressly
stipulates that he should be in control of
the property in case foreclosure proceed
ings were instituted.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
MANEUVERS
OF MODERN
wARSHIPS
First Attempt to Guard the
Charleston Harbor Not
a Success.
SILENTLY THE GUNBOAT
ENTERS PORT.
With No Ditficulty the Speedy
Vesuvius Runs the
Blockade.
SEARCHLIGHTS THAT FAILED
TO PENETRATE THE FOG.
Subsequent Attempts oi the Dynamite
Cruiser, How ver, Ch ckei by
Bunce's Flee*.
CHARLESTON, 8. C, Feb. ia— They
say down at Admiral Bunce's fleet to-day
that it was neither a fair nor official te*t,
but the fact still remains that the Vesu
vius ran the blockade Into the harbor last
night with an ease that startled the squad
ron. Tha run was made early in the even
ing, the cruiser crossing the deadline and
whistling a notice of her success at 7:33
o'clock.
Statement? have been made to the effect
that the Vesuvius ran the blockade on the
first night that she joined the fleet, but
these are absolutely incorrect. An officei
from one of the warships who saw th«
dynamiter come in is the authority foi
this statement. Everybody is, of course,
excited over the even- of last night. The
officers of the blockading line, of course,
make very little ol tue achievement ot the
cruiser, but the men of the Vesuvius look
at it in a different light.
The or er for tne ships to fail in;o the
MEW TO -DAT.
¥ze¥a JEN YEARS
Suffered Untold Agonies. Limbs
Swollen so Could Not
Get About.
Ablest Physicians Signally Failed.
Was Absolutely Disheartened. ■
Had Lost All Hope.
Gave CUTICURA a Trial Which
Resulted in Absolute and
Perfect Cure.
For ten years I suffered untold agonies from
that dread disease Eczema, my lower limbs
most of the time being so swollen and broken
out that I could hardly go about. I had to wear
•Uppers so that I could move about at all. My
brother, a physician of thirty years' practice '
and extensive experience, had tried in vain'
to effect a cure and signally failed. I tried,
other physicians of splendid ability with like-
results, and had reached that point where I
became absolutely disheartened, and in fact,
had lost all hope, ■when a friend (after long
and continued persuasion) succeeded in in-
ducing me to at least give Cuticuba Ke.mi:-
dies a trial. I shall never regret that I did
so, and until my dying day I shall sing tha
praises of them. 1 used two cakes of Cuti-
opra Soap and two boxes of Ccticcra (oint-
ment), and it resulted in an absolute and
permanent cure. I feel that I owe suffering'
humanity the debt of at least, in my feeble
way, calling their attention to my case and
absolute cure. I am now, 1 feel, perfectly
cured, sound as a dollar, and the sweets of
life are still mine, thank God, and toCtrricußA
Remedies I attribute my almost miraculous
cure. I refer all interested to the Postmaster
of thi3 place, any of the ministers, the prom-
inent business men, and all of the citizens of
our vicinity indiscriminately, and especially
to my friend, John A. B. Shippey, attorney at
law, who succeeded In persuading me to give
CcrncTißA Remedies a trial. With profound .
gratitude, I remain your most enthusiastic
admirer, DAVID M. SAPP, Plymouth, 111.
Dealer in Hardware, Stoves, etc.
Br»EDT Cure Treatment foe all Bkijt a!ct> Blood ■
Humoes. — Warm baths with Cdticuba Soap, gentle
application" of Ccticcb a (ointment), the groat skin cure,
and mild dote* of Cuticcba Kksolvest, great*.; of
* blood parifi«r»and humor curt*.
Sold throughout the world. Potts* D. A.yD C. Cor p..
Bole Props., Boaton. VO~ " How to Core Eczema," free.
RED ROUGH HANDS "-W^SSJW!*
IT'C Collins' Voltaic Electric Plasters
|| g are sure to relieve sore lungs,
weak backs, kidney pains, and
QIIQr rheumatism; when all ether pIM-
VU nt ten and pain alleviators tail.
WHY
Be bothered with inferior goods when yon
can get a first-class article if only you
will call for it. ■
LEVI STRAUSS & GO'S
CELEBRATED COPPER RIVETED
OVERALLS AND SPRING BOTTOM PANTS
■
-. ":,. Are made of the best materials. , V
Sewed with the best threads.
Finished in the best style.
EYERY GARMENT GUARANTEED.
FOR SALE EVERYWHERE. ... .
' C^ ET Wj O for a picture 'of our i
Factory, we will mail one to you free ■
of charge.
WE EMPLOY OYER 500 GIRLS.
ADDRESS: LEV! STRAUSS & CO.
san francisco,
California.2
blockading line v, as signaled from the
tiagships a bit earlier than usual. The
four ships then on duty — the battle-ship
Maine, flagship New York, battle-ship In
diana and cruiser Columbia — steamed to
the southward, taking positions at inter
vals ol 3000 yards.
Shortly alter 6 o'clock the Vesuvius
drew away to the south also aud was soon
lost in the fog. The weather had been
bad for several days, and asni^bt came on
fog settled down iimn* the face of tbe
water that kept every fogbell out beyond
Sumter ringing.
At 7 o'clock the test was well begun.
The blockading ships brought their search
lights into play and it was then tor the
first time that they began to realiz • how
small was their chance oi detecting the
Vesuvius. The lights, which usually
throw a brilliant path of raiii nice for 3000
yards over the water, proved utterly inad
equate to the task of penetrating the fog.
Objects 300 yards away could scarcely be
distinguished with the aid of the most
powerful of the searchlights, and wnen it
is remembered th:it the ships were 3000
yards apart it will be readily imagin d
that the Vesuvius had everything pretty
much her own way.
She had gone several miles to sea and
then returned. As she approached the
blockading line all of her lights were
shroudec and order^ were given in hushed
tones The little cruiser can, under favor
able circumstances, make a little better
than twenty-two knots, but slie did not
tax her capacity last night. Her engines
were brought down to a normal speed,
and heading in between two of the fleet
she ran straight into the harbor without
an iota of troubl ■.
Ail due precautions which had been
taken to escape detection were useless,
Gideon Welles,
Secretary of the Xtvv in President Lincoln*!
Cabinet when the blockade of Charles
ton was undertaken in 1861.
for in that fog she could have come in
quite as well with all her lights going and
never been seen. The matter was made
very light of on the fleet to-day, and it
was claimed that the test could not be
counted as a fair one. It is true that only
four ships were on duty, the Amphitrite
and Marblehead being in port, and it is
likewise true that the night was fa
vorable to the blockade - runner ; but
it might be observed that were the Vesu
vius a real blockade-runner she would
probably have selected 6uch weather for
the expedition, and Admiral Bunce knew
ho did not have but four of his ships in
line when he gave the Vesuvius her orders.
The Ye-uvius seems to have demonstrated
fairly well on the whole that four of Uncle
Sam's best ships would not be able to
keep a biockader out of Charleston harbor.
All she would have to do would b? to wait
for a heavy fog and to run in between the
lines. The result of the attempt to be
made at night was awaited with interest.
The battle-shio Massachusetts joined the
fleet to-day and the Amphitrite has re
sumed her place in the line. The attempt
was consequently made with six snips in
action. Tue weather was clear and con
ditions were far more propitious for the
fleet.
The cruiser Vesuvius made five unsuc
cessful attempts to run the blockade to
night. The conditions were exactly re
versed from la>t night, as the air was free
from fog or mist and the searchlights
worked perfectly. For a stretch of nine
miles the waters of the Atlantic in front
of Charleston harbor bristled with Uncle
Sam's flying forts and gleamed wiih the
restless arrows of dozens of searchlights.
From the Beacii channel on the north to
Pumpkin Hill channel on the south the
fleet held the line in the following order:
Massachusetts, Maine, Amphitrite, New
York, Indiana and Columbia. The line
was established at 7 o'clock and the Vesu
vius was sent out to sea.
The searchlights began at once to play
over the waters. It was about 7:35 when
a light from the Maine stopped its wan
derings and streamed along steadily upon
one point. The cause was soon known.
Bhe had caught the Vesuvius. A red and
green signal told the tale, and the
lights of the fleet turned upon the spot
brought the white hull of the cruiser into
fuli view. The Vesuvius put up her lights
fore and aft and went to sea again for
another trial. The next time ehe got past
the line and was nearly out of danger
when the lights of the Amphitrite caught
her.
Three other attempts were made, and
each time the blockade-runner was quickly
caught.
Commander Pillsbury handled the Ve
euvius with consummate skiil, but the
lights were too many for him.
• Bunday is a day off with the sailors.
There will be church services on the New
York and Maine.
BLOCKADE OF CHARLESIOS.
Thim Ib Tlay Compared to Bunee'g Work
in Patt Warfare.
The institution of the blockade of
Charleston harbor is now fairly under
way, and though not quite so agreeable as
lying in a snug harbor, Admiral Bunce
without doubt finds "going through the
motions" in this February, 1897, very dif
ferent from the real work in which as the
lieutenant-commander of the ironclad
steamer Catskill, a member of the South
Atlantic squadron, he was engaged in
February, 1864. Now it is friendly
maneuvering to detect any attempt on the
part of a few well-known members of the
same squadron, with whose shape, color
and cut every apprentice- boy in the
squadron is entirely familiar, to slip in
through one of the several channels lead-
Ing to the inner harbor. Then it was to
bo cover an arcof acircle some thirty miles
in length as to not only block the way into
any one of some ten channels by whicti
the deeper-draught vessels could get over
the bar, but practically over its whole
stretch, as many of the daring blockade
runners were specially constructed for the
work, and to draw so little water as to be
able to cross at almost any point.
Painted a light neutral tint not easily
distinguished from the water even by day
these craft could choose there own time —
rainy and dark nights all the better, and
vlth every light out approach the guard
circle, seiect the widest interval between
the blockaders, step in between them and
over the bar at a speed of some fifteen
knots to the protection of the Confederate
guns. Their coming was always expected
and range-lights to guide them were
burned every nierht from the steeples in
the city and on Castle Pinclcney and Fort
Riplry in the harbor and Sumter and
Moultrie at its mouth. Once inside they
reaped rich rewards for their hazardous
enterprise.
The mouth of Charleston harbor is en
circled by a bar extending from above
Long Island on the north to some dis
tance below Lighthouse Inlet on the
south. The mean low water on this bar
varies from fourteen to sixteen feet with
shoals in various places. Several chan
nels affording at least fifteen feet of water
lead from deepwater outside across it to
tbe deepwater inside.
During the time of the real blockade the
principal channels were: The Beach, on
the north, running near the shores of
Long & Sullivan's Islands; the North
Channel, just below it, running more
directly east; the Swash, next below, the
shortest of all three, and some miles below
the Pumpkin Hill Channel, leading across
the bar to the main ship channel, which
ran along Morris Island. These were the
ones in general use at the beginning of the
war, and were shown on the charts; bat
there were numerous others well known
to the pilots about Charleston, but not to
the officers of the blocKading squadron.
They wound around the devious courses
made by the sualtows, but were safe enough
for skillful pilots on the light-draft
blockade-runners, with the numerous
fixed liehts on shore to guide them. The
blockaders cou d not follow, nor could
they lay close to the bar on account of the
currents and tides, whicn mi :ht carry
them into the breakers and to certain
destruction. Then, too, they had to keep
well out of range of the Confederate gans,
which cover* d a large section of tne bar.
The bar and its channels are subject to
natural changes, and since the time of the
real blockades jetties have been con
structed ami dredging work done which
throw the North Channel and the Swash
into one, which is the most used, especi
ally by vessels approaching from the
north and east. On t c south two chan
nels, the Pumptin Hill and the New
Pumpkin Hiil afford passage over to the
main ship channel. These are well
buoyed, and beacon lights on the shore
just north of Lighthouse Inlet, offer good
landmarks. It is here that the evolutions
of Admiral Bunce's squadron are being
conducted.
W r hile the blockade grew to be so effec
tive toward the end of the war that not
one vessel in five succeeded in getting
through, the returns from that one repaid
the owners on the whole, and tney kept
at it until the last. The beach channel
was their favorite course, as they could
sooner get into shallow water, where the
Hilary A. Herbert,
Secretary of the Navy, under whose direction
the present blockade of Charleston
vras undertaken.
blockaders conld not follow, and und«r
the guns of the forts on Sullivan's Island.
Many a rich prize was taken at the en
trance of this channel and many a vessel
beached to prevent capture, which was de
stroyed by the gund of the fle-t. On Feb
ruary 2, 1864, the richly freighted steamer
Presto was seen lying near Fort Moultrie,
having crept in during the night. The
monitors went near and opened on her at
2500 yards with their rifled guns and soon
destroyed her. Millions of dollars were
lost every year to the British owners in
this manner, and the powers of resistance
of the Confederate Government most
seriously hurt by this blockade.
Early in the war an attempt was made
to lessen the work of the fleet by sinking
ve-sels loaded with stone across the Beach
and main ship channel?. This did not
prove successful, however, and the vigil
ance of the officers and men had to be
kept up from the summer of '61 till the
end of February, 1865. When all V7as
finished and they reached the city there
was no grand ball to welcome them,
tnough tney were doubtless willing enough
to dispense with it as long as they were
not treated to balls of another kind.
TRANS-MISSISSIPPI EXPOSITION.
Representatives to Induce the State Leg/s-
Jatures to Make the Needed
Appropr at/ons.
OMAHA, Nebb , Feb. 13.— A delegation
representing the Tran^- Mississippi and
International Exposition leaves Omaha
to-morrow night to appear before the
Legislatures of Kansas, Colorado, Wyo
ming and Utah next week and thereafter
to visit Montana, Idaho and the coast
States. The members of the delegation
travel in a special car and reach Kansas
City Monday morning over the Burling
ton road. After a few hours' stop in Kan
sas City they will proceed to Topeka,
where Governor Lsedy has arranged a
meeting with the Kansas Legislature,
which is now considering a bill appro
priating $50,000 lor a Kansa» exhibit.
The exposition opens fifteen months
from now, so that any appropriation for
an exhibit must be made by State Legisla
tures now in session. Nebraska's Legis
lature will probably pass the Nebraska bill
next week which will carry an appropria
tion equal to that made by Congress,
which was $200,000.
The delegation consists of G. W. Wattles,
vice-president of tne Union National
Bank; G. M. Hitchcock, publisher of the
Omaha World- Herald; John L. Webster,
attorney; Hon. George F. Wright of Coun
cil B uffs, la.; H. E. Palmer, member of
the Board of Fire and Polioe Commis
sioners; William S. Poppleton, attorney;
Clement Chase, director of the Omaha
Public Library.
Another B'lzzard in South Dakota.
HURON, 8. Dak., Feb. 13.— A1l trains
on the Great Northern, Chicago and
Northwestern and Chicago, Milwaukee
and St. Paul railways in this section are
tied up on account of the sever* w.net and
snow storm prevailing over the State
since 2 o'clock this morning. A special
bulletin says the temperature will fall
twenty degrees before morning. The
storm is equal in extent and severity to
any before this season.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDiY, FEBRUARY 14, 1897.
CONGRESSMEN IN
PARTISAN DERATE
Sundry Civil Appropriation
Bill Is Further Con
sidered.
McMillin Assails the Supreme
Court and the McKinley
Tariff Law
Grosvenor's Sharp Rep y— DeArmond
D- nouncjs Justice S'liras is
Vigorous Words.
WASHINGTON, D. C. Feb. 13. -The
House to-day went into committee of the
whole to further consider the sundry
civil appropropriation bill, upon which it
had just entered when it adjourned yes
terday.
Cannon (R.) of Illinois, chairman of the
Committee on Appropriations, asked
unanimous consent that the bill might be
considered as read. Answering an in
ouiry, Cannon gave the status of the sev
eral remaining appropriation bills, and
intimated that if t c bill was considered
in the usual way the better fart of a week
would be re quired to dispose of it.
Hepburn objected to the unanimous
consent asked by Cannon, but after the
rending of the bill had proceeded a snort
time Dockery renewed the request that
the first readin of the bill be dispensed
with, and this time it was granted.
General debate was then began on the
measure under an arrangement which
contemplated the use of the afternoon
therefor. Cannon was the first speaker,
explaining in some detail the features of
the bill. In the coarse of bis statement
Cannon explained why the committee had
recommended an appropriation for cer
tain works authorized by the river and
harbor bill. These were: Oakland, Cat.,
$400,000; Kentucky R ver. $400,000; dams
2 ana 5, Ohio River, |400,000; Yakima
Bay, Cal., $100,000.
It appeared, he said, from inquiry at the
War Department that these, with one ex
ception, could not be completed within
the amoun ts named in the river and har
bor bill, to which the expenditure was
strictly limited, and, therefore, contracts
could not be made for their construction
or any money expended. The exception
was Yakima Bay, Cal., for which the
engineers had reported no project what
ever.
Hepburn antagonized the policy of in
cluding purely local river and harbor im
provements in the bill, charging that it
wa< a source of rutbiess and reckless ex
travagance of appropriations.
McMiilin (D.) of Tennessee, responding
to a statement by Hopkins (R ) of Il
linois that under a Republican adminis
tration oi the McKinley law it produced
revenues sufficient to meet the expendi
tures of the Government, with a surplus
i>€'ide-, criticized the decision of the
Supreme Court which made the income
tax feature of the Wilson law ineffective.
"Bui," he adiled, "the whole court
ought not to suffer for the action of one
man. Everybody knows that the njan
who tore down the constitution, uprooted
tiie decision of 100 years and destroyed
the power of the Government to tax the
wealth of the Government was' Kniras.
and his name should always be remem
bered in connection wi h that reprehen
sible and ever-to-be-criticized decision."
To this Grosvenor replied. He said he
should leave the critici«m of the Supreme
Court and of Mr. Bbiras, who could not
respond, to the gentleman from Tennes
see. He desired, however, to let the gen
i.eman have the full benefit of the propo
sition that the McKinley law was inade
quate as a revenue-raicer, and the Wilson
law was a splendid production. That
would strike the country as something re
markable.
The McKinley law, Grosvenor said, pro
auced not only sufficient revenue for the
expenditures of me Government, but a
surplus as well, until God, for some reason
which he has not made known, menaced
the future of the country by permuting
the elecuon of Grover Cleveland ana a
Democratic Congress.
DeArmond (D.) of Missouri referred to
Grosvenor's repiy to McMiliin's "just
criticism" of the Supreme Court in the
matter of the income decision, and said
i-e yielded to the decisions of the Suprem
Court that general respect which every
lawyer was taught was due to tbt> big est
tribunal of the Nation. "But," he con
tinued, "I belong to tuat class of people
nnd represent a constituency who do not
believe that any institution of the country
or any person or body enga eil in admin
istering the affairs of the Nation is so
sacred tbat it is not subject to just criti
cism. One of the greatest menaces to the
prosperity and progress ot th" Republic
lies in the u-urputions by the judiciary of
that subtle, never-ceasing power which
overturns the decisions of a hundred
years, affects the election of Presidents
and makes strange laws by strange meth
ods."
Speakingof the reported action of Jus
tice Bhiras UeArrnond said: "He changed
his mind in such a way as to lilt trorn
wealth a tax of from forty to sixty mil
lions a year and transfer it to poverty and
toil. Men may change their minds, but
when lorty to sixty millions annually are
in the scale and a trained Judge, without
further argument and additional light,
changes his mind, why should there not
be comment on it? His name will be
kept alive, not in honor, but because the
American people have been outraged by
him."
DeArmond closed with a fervid, impas
sioned appeal for intervention in behalf
of the Cuban revolutionists.
Cannon closed the general debate and
expressed tne opinion that it would be
wise to pass the bill under suspension of
the rules Monday, and be would test the
sense of the House on that point.
Tne committee arose and at 5:25 o'clock,
on motion by Cannon, the House ad
journed until Monday.
SENATE PttOCBEVIIiGB.
famine Jteli'f Resolution by Ttrkin* la
Promptly Patted
WASHINGTON, D. C, Feb. 13.—
Senate to-day, without a question and
without a moment's consideration, passed
a joint resolution introduced by Perkins
(R.) of California, to have a naval vessel
placed at the disposal of the San Francisco
Chamber of Commerce to transport wheat
and corn contributed by California, Oregon
and other States for th» relief of the
famine-stricken poor of India.
Instead of a naval vessel the Secretary
of the Navy may charter a suitable Amer
ican steamship. The necessary appropri
ation is provided.
A resolution was offered by Petticrew
(Sil.)of South Dakota and agreed to di
rectine an inquiry tnto the issue of lanJ
patents on what is known as the Pcrritia
grant in Florida. This was an old claim
which Secretary of the Treasury Smith
refu-ed to recogmz 3 , but which the pres
ent Secretary has recognized, and as the
Perrine in question is related by marriage
to the PresiJent of the United "States no
tice is given to the inquiry that it might
not otherwiso raise.
An effort was made by Morgan to have
the business of the morning hour con
tinued so that he niiaht address the Sen
ate on the joint resolution introduced by
lum yesterday for tlie abrogation of the
Clayton-Bulwer treaty. The chairman of
the Foreign Relations Committee insisted
on a motion to proceed to executive busi
ness and a majority of tfie Senate sidea
with him, and so at 12:20 tne Senate re
sumed behind closed doors consideration
of tne arbitration treaty and at 4:45 r. jl
adjourned until Monday.
KENTUCKY MADMAN'S DEED.
Butchers His Family, Then Kills Himself.
A Trageay Almost Unprecedented
in the State.
LEXINGTON, Ky , Feb 13. — Tne
bloodiest domestic tragedy that ever took
place in this vicinity, or probably in the
whole of Kentucky, was enacted this
morninn in this city, when John Marrs in
a sudden fit of insanity butchered his
famiiy and then killed himself.
Marrs -was an eminently respectable
merchant in this city, a member of the
firm of Kauiman, Wilson & Co. His home
relations had been of the pleasantest pos
sible character, and there can be no doubt
that he was insane when he committed
his dreadful act. The fact that ho was
confined in an insane asylum ten years
ago lends confirmation 10 this theory. He
was about 40 years old.
Marrs evidently began his bloody work
us soon as he arose, as it was all over
about 8 o'clock this morning. When the
news of the tragedy spread and entrance
wu3 effected into the house a dreadful
scene was disclosed.
On a bed in one of t tie rooms lay the
body of his 4-year-old boy. He had been
shot in the forehead and nis throat had
been cut rum ear to ear. He had evi
dently been wbot as he' lay asleep in bed.
The bedclothes were saturated with blood
where the little body rested.
Marrs' 14-year-olu daughter Helen had
apparently witnessed toe killing of her
brother and had tried to e.^cape. She was
found lying in the hallway unconscious,
with a bullet wound in her head.
The third victim was Ida Marrs, the sis
ter of the murderer, whom he shot.
After this bloody work ha went to his
room, and, locking himself in, cut his
throat. Wben found his body presented
a horrible spectacle. A ghastly woun<)
across the throat nearly severed the head
from the body, and a great pool of blood
lay around the body on the floor. The
man's left hand stiil held a laree razor,
covered with blood, and near by lay a
large old-fashioned revolver with four
chambers empty.
When found Marrs and the boy were
both dead. Helen, the daughter, was still
alive, but whether she will recover is un
certain. The doctors, howevei, have hopes
for her. Ida Marrs' wounde are not dan
gerous. The shock to Mrs. Marrs was so
severe that it is feared she will die.
TE&IIMOXIALS TO M i A A OC R GR A L
l'ieatinry Incident at the Metropolitan
Opera- House, .Artc York.
NEW YORK, N. V.. Feb. 13.—Imme
diately after the performance of "Lucia"
at the Metropolitan Opera-house last night
a handsome chest of dinner silver, con
sisting of 360 pieces, purchased by the
artists, chorus and entire force of em
ployes of the company and opera-house,
was broueht upon the stage for presenta
tion to Mr. Grau. who last night com
pleted his twenty-fifth year as an impres
ario.
The audience line?red and insisted
upon seeing the ceremony. The curia n
was ordure, l up, and then the presenta
tion speech was made by William Parry,
the stage manager. Grau niadn a graceful
response, expressing his trofauua appre
ciation of the bentimeni which inspired
the gift.
Gran also received a chock for $1000
from the stockholders of the Metropolitan
Ooera-house and Real Estate Company, a
framed set of resolutions from the officers'
siaff of Abbey, Scho-ffel <fe Grau and n
cane from Andrew Boyd. Among the
congratulatory messages was a cablegram
from Sarah Bern hard t.
&E&RLBS AGAIN ABSBST.
rails to Appear at the Meeting of the
Lerou> Committee-
NEW YORK, N. V.. Feb. 13.— 0n the
assembling of the Lexow committee this
morning John F. Searles, secretary and
treasurer of the American Sugar-refining
Company, was called. There was no re
sponse from Mr. Searles, and his attorney
explained that he had to leave town.
"Mr. Searles," he said, "will be present
any day next week the committee de
sires."
Lexow asked where the books and docu
ments of the American Sugar-refining
Company were that it was promised
should be on hand to-day, but no one
Knew. x
"Well," said Lexow, "Mr. Snepard
promised to have them here to-day. How
ever, if Mr. Searles will be here on Monday
morning with the books of the company
wo will excuse him this time."
George H. Mill, r and Lawson N. Fuller
aiso were called. Boih gentlemen testi
fied as to the value of the properties of tbe
sugar trust.
Hi.v Differ'nt Frown California.
NEW YORK, N\ V., Feb. 13.— The city
experienced tue third big snowstorm of
the winter Friday. Nearly eight inches of
snow had fallen at 6 o'clock thi3 evening.
Much of it came down in tbe form of sleet,
turning into snow of the consistency of
coarse salt as it struck the ground.
A high northeast wind, gradually in
creasing to a gate, prevailed. Snipping
was warned along the Atlantic coast to
stay safely in port. Travel was delayed
in ibis city and snowplows and uweepers
were kept busy clearing the lines of steam
aud surface railroads. The fact that it
was a public holiday operated to obviate
any serious disturbance of travel. The
storm began at 3 A. M., and the snow
siopued tailing at 6 p. M. The tempera
ture remained stationary at about 21
degrees.
iitim Ci'iaen* Honor Wilson.
AMES, lowa, Feb. 13.— The citizens of
Ames and the faculty and students of the
lowa Agricultural College gave a recep
tion this evening to James Wilson, Presi
dent-elect McKiniey's choice for Secretary
of Agriculture. Mr. Wilson is at the
head of the department of agriculture in
the colle c. Tue reception was attend d
by a large number of ibe leading people
of the State. It was held at the college,
where addresses were made by members
of the receiving party, Mr, Wilson speak
ing briefly and thanking his lowa friends
for their kindly expression*. A large
number of member* of the Legislature
came from Lies Moine*, and most of the
State officers were also prestnt.
Big Fir* at farini'tgton, Wath.
SPOKANE, Wash., Feb. 13.— Fire de
stroyed a block of small buildings in
Farmington last night, entailing a loss oi
about JIO.CKX). The Postoffice and Oiu
Fallows' buildings were among those de>
-troved.
Is a good time to put your physical system in
good order by purifying your blood and build-
ine up your health in order to avoid sickness.
Take
PHOOCi S
Sarsaparilla
The best— in fact the One True Blood Purifier.
H nnrl J ePi lie do~not cause pain or
1 1UUU 5 t*IUS gripe. All druggists. 25c
NO CHANCE FOR
AN AGREEMENT
Ratification of the Arbitra
tion Treaty Impossible
This Session.
Senators Morgan, Mills, Danie:
and Cameron Stubbornly Re
fuse to Consider It
Now Baliev.d That Sherman Will
Cease to Press the Convention
far the Present
WASHINGTON. D. C, Feb. 13.— The
me ting of tiie Senate Committee on For
eign Relations tins morning made It ap
parent that no agreement could be reached
on tho general treaty of arbitration with
Great Britain that woirid bring the con
tending factions either in committee or in
the Senate together^ Wnile Sherman was
no', told so in exact words, the inference
to be drawn from what Morgan. Daniel
and Cameron said was that under no cir
cumstances could this treaty ba ratified at
the pre-ent session of the Senate. It is
believed tnat witn the executive session of
this afternoon Sherman will cease to press
the consideration of the conver tion and
permit other legislative business to have
the rieht of way.
After an hour and a half spent in dis
cussion, the committee this morning
framed an amendment along the lines in
dicated in the dispatches of the United
Associated Presses. It is based upon the
amendment of which Mor an gave notice,
and puts into language the interpretation
placed upon the convention by Turpie.
It provides that all subjects to be sub
mitted to arbitration under this general
treaty must bs submitted in the manner
and form prescribed for the submission
and ratification of the treaties originally.
This removes the obj ctions aimed at the
treaty by Morgan and others to the effect
that the submission of all subjects to arbi
tration under the treaty as now worded
wou;a be left entirely to the President. If
it is amended as suggested by the com
mittee's action of this morning only such
matters as .have been agreed to by the
full treaty-making power of the United
States, t-ie President and the Senate, act
ing jointly, can be submitted to arbitra
tion.
The power to negotiate and conclude
treaties in Great Britain is lodged in the
crown and is exercised by the Premier.
Ther* has been no suggestion that the
British treaty-making power has been
changed by the terms of this treaty, and
Turpie's contention was that in like man
ner the full treaty-making powur of the
United States was to sit in judgment
upon all subjects that were sought to be
taken before this higQ tribunal of arbitra
tion. •
The Senate did not agree with Turpiein
his interpretation, but found the easiest
way to a possible solution of the problem
confronting it in givinjt expression to the
interpretation in the text of the conven
tion. With such an amendment the treaty
is safeguarded absolutely, and the friends
of the instrument say there should not be
a dissenting vote in ratifying, for the rea
son that the question would then come
up before the existing Senate as an orig
inal proposition. The action of the com
mittee in adopting the amendment aid
not bring harmony. On the contrary, the
more the whole subject was discussed the
more evident it became that the differ
ences were irreconcilable.
Morgan, Daniel. Mills and Cameron re
fused to consider tbe treaty in a favorable
light, even after they had voted for the
amendment. They opposed the conven
tion on general grounds and said it was
impossible f r them to believe that the
country would be benefited br its ratifica
tion, at tbe present time at least. They
refused to listen to the pleading of Sher
man and bis associates and declined to
even admit that the amendment had ac
complished what had been sought.
The cotrmittee adj mrned with the
majority feeling anything but comfort
able over tbe outlook.
Early in the s-ession Senator Chandler
offered an amendment to tbe convention
in the shape of an additional article, which
NEW TO-DAY.
WONDERFUL CORE FOR RHEUMATISM
Electro-Medical Treatment, the Great Rem-
edy—Discovery That Has Baffled
Science for Centuries.
William Fitzgerald.
San Francisco is evidently designed to
become a penuine Mecca for rtieumatic-
lortured humanity, and the number of
people afflicted in that way is legion.
The news of the Electro-Medical Cure
for that dread disease, rheumatism, tbe
eminent discovery of the State Electro
Medical Institute, has proved welcome in-
telligence to thousands who are in tbe
grip of that excruciating ailment, and
t-very day witnesses ihe arrival in this
t'ity of patients from various points on the
coast.
It will soon be quite the thing for the
rheumatic-racked man of America to co&ne
<o the State Electro Medical Institute to
xpel his twinges, as it is for Continental
Europe to annually flock to Aix-les-Bains
in their desperate desire for relief.
That this electro-medical treatment is
■' n Absolute Cure, permanent in its
ffcets. is now a recognized fact.
Evidence of tbe following character is
what has proven this treatment the great-
is, in fact, a declaration. It states that
both the contracting parties in making
this treaty do it for the pnrDose of enun
ciating belief in the principle of interna
tional arbitration, and to bring :tbout, if
po sible, tne po.icy of a general disarma
ment among the nations. It is further de
clared that each of ihe contacting parties
express their willingness nnd intention of
making similar treaties with other nations,
including not only those that are strong
and able to defend themselves, and who
have large military establishments, but
also with the smaller families of the na
tions with whom differences sim:iar to
those covered by t:<is treaty might arise.
YET THE RULER OF HAWAII.
Secretary Palmer Declares That Queen
Liliuokalam Never Legally Abdi
cated Her Throne.
WASHINGTON. D. C, Feb. 13.— Julius
A. Palmer, the private secretary to Lih
uokalana, ex-Queen of the Hawaiian
I lands, in a semi-official utterance says
tbat the ex-Queen did not abdicate her
throne; that whatever she did was done
under duress, and that the name sierned
to the documents of abdication was not
her official signature.
In the circumstances Palmer asserts
tnat her action had no legal force what
ever, and could not be sustained in any
court of equity in Christendom, He con
tinues:
"I will be plainer if you wish. Do I
mean that the Queen of Hawaii has never
given a legal abdication; that she is still
the lawful ruler, even if she forbears to
enforce her legitimate rights? Ido mean
exactly that."
PALMER'S lIJLJS WORDS
LiUuokatani's Chamberlain Declared to
Re JUiitaken.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Feb. 13.— 0n the
reference to toe authorized statement
given out that ex-Queen Liliuokalani does
not consider her abdication as binding, a
prominent Hawaiian says:
"I venture to suggest that the Queen's
Chamberlain, Mr. Palmer, in his letter
puts a number of highly respectable gen
tlemen of Hawaii in a rather embarrassing
position. W. G. Irwiu is the leading
banker and large sugar planter, and Mr.
Irwin was one of the Queen's Cabinet, an
old resident, a man of wealth and stand
ing; Mr. Parker is also one of her ex-
Cabinet and one of the most prominent
leaders of the native Hawaiians, and the
other three who certify to her act of abdi
cation : are well-known citizens and her
active partisans. These gentlemen certify
that the act was considered carefully and
deliberately by Li iuokalani and that it
was her 'free act and deed.'
"Mr. Palmer is unfortunate in his cita
tion of the historian, Pro:essor Alexander,
for in the genealogical table ref- rred to in
his 'History of the Hawaiian People,' so
far from showing that Liliuokalani is de
scended from the 'ruling family in
Hawaii,' he makes it clear that the Queen
has not a drop of Kamehameha blood in
her veins. She derives all the claim she
has to the throne from a vote ot the Leg
islature and the liberal constitution ten
years ago (not a hundred years or so), and
in attempting to overthrow this same con
stitution she lost her crown." •
JSTEIt tSJS THE COAST.
Engineer Offir^r Tmnnferred to the 3Pre~
Midio — I'rnnion* Ititied.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Feb. 13.— The
Secretary of Wir orders that .First Lieu
tenant James J. Mepler, corps of engineers,
be relieved from duty at St. Augustine,
nnder immediate order* of Lieutenant-
Colonel William H. H. Benyuard, corps of
engineers, and that fie report in person to
Captain Cassius £. Gillette, corns of en
gineers, at San Francisco for duty under
ui> immediate orders.
Pacific Coast pensions have been issued
as follows: <anfornia: Original—Will
iam Shanley, Oakland; George W. Deeds,
Soldiers' Horn*-, Los Angeles; Patrick Car
roll, San Francisco; Benjamin Kine, Grass
Valley. Increase — Frederick Herzon, Sol
diers' Home, Los Aneelei. Original widow
(special February 6)— Sarah A. Mont b m
ery. Monterey.
Washington: Original— Simon Deggi
ner, Seattle.
Torptdo Moat JVo 6 Acerpted.
"WASHINGTON, D. C, Feb. 13.—Sec
retary Herbert yesterday waived the
usual formalities, and accepted Torpedo
Boat No. 6, which is now enrolled on the
naval lists, though tried only two days
ago. This procedure, which usually con
sumes months, was expedited in this
instance by the almost marvelous per
formance of the little vessel as' described
by the members of the trial board, who
have returned to Washington and who
have made a preliminary report of the
test which is complimentary in the high
est terms. The boat is a remarkable pro
duct of the highest still in the hull and
engine design and workmanship.
est of all marvel?. It is a surprise to the
county official and employes around the
City Hall to see their o d friend William
Fitzgerald, wbom they believed to be a
cripple for life from sciatica rheumatism,
moving around as brisk as anybody. It
is a well-known fact that for years he
hobbled around tha streets on crutches.
Yesterday in an interview he said:
» K r IS Tr I , on years, ever since 1 was connected
with the Valencia-street Hotel, I had the rheuma-
tism, i had it bad— to the extreme of badness
My torture was such as would have drive, i many
persons of less courage to the desperation of sui-
s IS'.,. V,° T el " aeo to-day I began «>° lectro-
aiedlcal treatment at the State H«ctro Medical
institute at -\o. 3 Eddv street, and tundreds can
testify as well as myself what a blessing It has
been. ' very eiemtm of mv beinir gives demon-
stra ion or the genuineness o the cure. I. is a
fact lam a new man. .n O one doaota it. T..e
ire.iUuent Kiven me was a combination of medi-
cine ad electricity. I had tried electricity alone
several times u der the directlonofweli.lt., own doc-
tors, without benefit, and, as for taxing medicines,
I had exhausted he catalogue of remedies without
auy permanent improvement- At thesiate Electro
Me,,ical Institute specially prepared medicines for
external and Internal use were so administered to
m . «. e J ect lcity as tJ carr y the medicines to
tne afflicted parts and hasten iheir curing action.
Uric acid and all obnoxious matter was carried
out of m.v blood by th-se meaici as applied by
their method, and my rheumatism is a thinj of
the past.
Mr. Fitzgerald's address is 961 Mission
street, San Francisco. At one time he
was a man quite prominent in business
affairs, and subsequently he occupied the
position of building inspector.
Among the throngs of patients daily
treated at the institute for diseases of the
Heart, Brain and Nerves, Blood, Dys-
■ pepsia. Cancers and Tumors, Catarrh, Kid- :
ney Diseases, Throat Diseases. Stomach
Diseases, Diseases of tbe Liver, Bowel
Diseases, Eye Disease*, Ear Diseases and
all Diseases of Men and Women, hundreds,
treated for .rheumatism and its accom-
panying ills, have been restored to perfect
health. For the administration of this
Electro-Medical treatment the Institute
possesses the most complete and costly
Galvanic, Faradic ana Static batteries, the
Static battery a:one costing over one thou-
sand dollars.' The X Ray, too, has proved
itself of inestimable value in determining
the location, extent and character of dis-
ease. Write if you cannot call at the in-
stitute. Describe your troubles by letter
and the doctors will advise you what to
do. Striciest confidence observed. Ad-
dress State Electro Medical Institute, 3
Eddy street, corner Market, Powell and
Eddy streets, San Francisco, Cal.
VEW TO-DAT. |
doITleI,
OUR \
LOW PRICES
IMPRESS 101 THAT TBEY ARE JJOT
THE BEST
THEYJIRE!!!
Fancy Ranch Eggs, per dozen 15 O
Fancy Creamery Butter, per square. . . 30c
Concentrated Tomatoes, 3-lb. cans 5c
Sardines in oil, very nice, per can .. 5c
Sardines, genuine French, Key openers,
3 cans for 25c
Evaporated Cream, guaranteed best
made, 3 cans for i 25c
Whiskey, full quart demijohns, O. P. S.,
per jug 85c
Table Fruit, new pack, 3-lb. cans 10c
Sliced Peaches, for cream, new pack,
3 cans for .25c
Port and Sherry, 5-year-old, per bot 35c
Gilka Kummel, per bottle $1.10 J
Cigars, La Semilla, Havana, full size,
worth d0ub1e........ 5c
($2.25 a box of 50).
Keller's Dundee Marmalade (im-
ported), per jar .' 200
February Catalogue Now Ready. Bant
Free where.
WSSCLINE
Wholesale and Retail Grocer,
949-951 MARKET ST.,
Between Filth and sixth, Sau Francisco.
Telephone South 50.
AUCTION.
THURSDAY FEBRUARY 25
At 12 M. sharp, by
VON RHEIN & CO.,
513 CALIFORNIA STREET.
FOURTH STREET.
RENTS $8000 PER YEAR
34:4iAx137:6— 4:h at., south of Mission;
ren $..25 per month; large furniture-store and
basement and 40-r.om lodging-house.
Cor. Ellis and Leavenwortb; Rents $240.
77:6x63— NXV. cor. Ellis and J-eavenwoita gta.:
a prominent transfer point; bar, fruit-store, bar.
ber-snop and dwe. lines; rents 240.
Bush Street Dwelling-. V
26x93—2122 Bush st, east of Flllmore; sunny V
side; 9 rooms and bath: with. some repairs will
rent for $50; must be sold.
24th Street — Cottage.
25x114—4137 24th st., west of Castro: a tasty
cottage of 5 rooms, bath and basement; mast be
sold.
Large Corner— 2lst Ave. and California
Street
57:8x100, In 1 or 2 lots— SE. corner California
st. and 21st ave. ; CalUornia-su cars, about to be
changed to electric.
Kearny, near Green— Rents 539.
20x80. through to Sorora 5t.— 1315 Kearnyst;
3-story bouse, collage and stable for 5 horses;
rents #39.
large Valencia Street Lot.
61x117:6—134 feet south of 25tnst.; In 1 or 2
lots, to an alley; facing 8. P. jr. R. station: thou-
sands of passengers gel on and off the cars at this
point. . .;:./
Church, Street, North of Market.
24x125— West line of Church St., 363 feet north
of Market; Fill ore- st, electric cars pass.
Erie Street.
25x84—56 Kris st., bet. Mission and Howard and
13th and 14th: 8 room bouse; must be solC; a
good bargain assured.
H St.. near Bth Ave.— Fronts Park.
25x100— South line of H St., 57:6 feet wast of
Bth ave.
Teh ama Street, near 3d— Rents 853.
25x80—250-2501^ Tebama st; front and rear
bouse: bet. 3d and 4th: rent $58; must be sold.
AT AUCTION
BY
REFEREE'S SALE*
By Order of P.-obato Court,
WITHOUT LI/WIT OR RESERVE.
WEDNESDAY, FEB. 24, 1897,
At 12 O'clock, Noon,
AT SALESROOM, 626 MARKET ST.,
Following Property Belonging to Es-
tate of Mary B. . Pease.
" Jfos, 16 and 17 SOrTH PARK AVE- UK cor.
Center pace; lot 47:6x97:6 along Center place to
an alley: 3 frontages: '1 4-story brick houses,
ranted to one par.y at 965 per month; tenants pay
water; street work competed.
Nos. 370 aDd 37VS BIUNNAN ST., N. side, ad-
joining Third St.: lot 35x80 to rear street: 2
2-story frame houses and stable in rear: rents
SH- tenants pay water: streets and sidewalks
accepted toy city.
No 37 80UTH PARK, adjoining SE. cor. of
Thl d St.; lot 21:9x137:6 to rear street; street
work accepted by city; rents $27 50; tenant paya
water. . ,
. .For abstract and terms of sale apply to
MADISON & BIERIf,
636 Market St., Opp. Palace Hotel.
DR.JMULTY.
H^HrS WELL-KNOWN AND BKLrABLE OLl>
X 6peclailst.curei Private, Nervous,Blood and Skin
Diseases of Men only. Manly Power restored. Over
20 years 1 experieuce. Send for Book, free. Patients
cured at Home. Terms reasonable. Hours. oto 3 M -
daily:6:3otoB.3oev > irs. Sundays, 10 to IS. Consul ta- A
tioniree sacredly confidential. Call or address*
P. BOSCOE HcßliriTT, M. I>.,
26'J Kearny Street, S.-\t» Francisco. Cal.
BRUSHES - sssssrvs
VIIUUIIIiWbousM, billiard -tables,
brewers, bookbinders, candy«makers cannsm
dyers, * flonrmills, foundries, laundries, paper-
hangers, printers, painters, shoe factories, staolt-
men. tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, etc.
-, ,_■ BUCHANAN BROS.,
Brush Manufacturers. Sacrament o3»>Carson READY
FOR THE FIGHT
All the Money Has Been
Put Up With the
Stakeholder.
Arrangements for the Fistic
Carnival Proceed With All
Due Haste.
Citizens Making flans to Eoose aud
Banquet the Thousands of
Strangers.
CARSON, Nit., Feb. 13.— Dan Stuart re
ceived a dispatch to-day from Al Smith,
• the stakeholder, in New York, stating that
Smith|had received the final installment of
I'iUiimmons 1 money from Julian, and
now held the entire stakes. Stuart was all
smiles when he got the telegram, for it re
moved the last possible obstacle in the
way of the big right, and demonstrated to
the public that the principals meant busi
ness.
The whole world seems to want pictures
of Carson, and since it was known tnat the
right was to take place here the camera
men have been "rushed to death" with
work. The high rates charged by the pho
tographers, owing to the heavy demand,
caused the press correspondents to wire to
San Francisco for kodaks, andjnumbers of
amateur photographers are at work with
Instruments which range from the pocket
variety to the most expensive kinds. Dan
Istuart can not move about without
hearing the click, click of the pneumatic
shutters from all sides. Corbett's private
Secretary and "Billy" Woods, the pugilist,
are "shot" wherever they go, and
hundreds of views a day go out to familiar
ice the outside world with Carson street
scenes. No less than 100 amateur photog
raphers are charging about the county get
ting snapshots of everything and every
body, and the craze is spreading hourly.
. The question of feeding and housing the
restless multitudes is agitating the people
more than anything else, but the enter
prising citizens are determined that no
one shall be houseless ot hungry. Men
with an eye to business are already pro
curing cots and blankets from surround
ing towns and will be prepared to shelter
the visitors in barns, sheds, tents and all
aorta of temporary structures. An Indi
- ana firm has wired the reception commit
tee that it will be on hand ready to sup
ply cots and bedding for 10,000 people.
Several San Francisco firms are making
preparations to be on the ground to pro
vide the visitors with sleeping accommo
dations.
People who have followed these sort of
gatherings say that the mass of men who
Jove the sport don't care a rap where
they sleep if ibey have plenty to eat and
drink. The excitement of the big crowds
keeps them tip and they don't think of
sleep if they can see plenty of life, move
ment and hilarity.
Gambling is licensed in Nevada, and
tbere will be games enough in full blast
to accommodate men who like to buck
the tiger in other localities but cannot
without fear of police raids. There will
be no fear of a food famine. The finest
cattle in the world are now fat and sleek
on the big ranches of Carson Valley and
Truckee meadows, Mason Valley, all
within a day's drive 01 Carson, and it is
proposed to have hundreds of these
beeves barbecued for the benefit of the
visitors. They will be roasted in large
inclosures and the admittance will be 25
cents. This will enable the visitors to fall
on to the roast meat, eat all they can and
fall back to give others a chance. Five
thousand prime beef cattle can be sent
into Carson on short notice, and as many
tons of the choicest potatoes ever grown
in and about Dayton and Mason Valley —
the same sort of potatoes that took the
first premium at the three last World's
fairs — and there are three big flourmilis
and half a dozen creameries within a
radius of fifty miles that can furnish
bread and gilt-edged butter by the car
load. The people of Nevada are deter
mined not to let any one who comes to
this fight go away hungry.
Several thousand will come in palace
cars, remain in them ana carry their own
provisions. These people give the Carson-
Ites no concern. A canvass was made of
the city yesterday by the committee, and
they were very much encouraged. They
say they will have plenty of accommoda
tions, and arrangements are being made
for plenty of food.
Stuart received a telegram yesterday
from Al Smith in New York that all stake
money had been deposited with Smith,
the last installment of $5000 coming from
Julian on behalf of Fitzsimmons on the
same day. He will have $30,000 in bin
pockets to hand to the winner.
Stuart said to-day that he had leceived
letters from various architects in San
Francisco wishing to submit plans for the
pavilion, but he had made up his mind
that he could find architects in Nevada
who could do all the planning, and he
proposed to get everything in Nevada.
The people of this State had done the
right thing by him, and he proposed to
reciprocate by every means in his power.
He believed in home industry and was
going to proclaim it
To-night Stuart got a telegram from
Julian at Pueblo, Colo., asking if Fitzsim
raons could get quarters at Shaws Springs.
Stuart wired him back that Corbett was
already there. He did not want the two
men to train at the same resort or in the
same town fearing a fight might come off
before schedule time.
XETiO'B LITTLE BLVSf.
May Btmrt J.rgnl Complication* to Pre
vent the J ight.
RENO, Nsv.. Feb. 13.— From present in
dications Corbett will not give a boxing
exhibition in Reno Tuesday night without
trouble. The police officials have notified
the manager of the opera bouse here that
in accordance with the recently enacted
law, $1000 must be paid for a license before
the exhibition will be allowed. The attor
neys differ in opinion as to whether toe act
is intended to cover boxing exhibitions,
but at any rate the authorities will make
• test case of the coming show.
Behind this apparently simple matter
which might be settled by Corbett's re
fusing to spar, there is a strong feeling
among the religious element that the big
fight shall not come off March 17. The
opponents to the fight say it could be
stopped very easily. They propose to
make a test case, in which the constitu
tionality of the recent act of the Legisla
ture will be questioned.
The lower courts will have to de
cide it, which they would do quickly, and
in all probability in favor of tbe leeality
of the act. That would be ju^t what the
religious people would want. They would
promptly rile their notice of appeal to the
Supreme Court, but would take ail the
time the law allowed them to actually file
the appeal.
The Supreme Court ?1 course would noi
be sodigmtied as to ha;,. en a decision, and
so it might be 1898 or thereabouts when
Corbett and Fitzsimmons get together in
tbe ring.
mz's JMOA/CT VVT vp.
Jtfo Longer Any Doubt About Hit Want
ing to fight.
NEW YORK, N. V., Feb. 13.— AH
doubts as to Fitzsimmons' desire to evade
putting up the rest of his side bet were
dispelled to-night when Al Smith, the
official stakeholder for the big fight, re
ceived the following telegram, dated
Pueblo, Colo. :
Yon will receive the balance of our money,
$5000, on Monday through the First National
Bank, New York. You will tben have $7500
of our money in your hands, which covers the
$5000 side bet and $.2500 Fitzsimmons ap
pearance money, as agreed upon by Fit'.sim
mons and Corbett. Kindly send me receipt
certifying the above to Carson City, care
Stuart. Maktin Julian.
This telegram sets aside the rumors
which have been floating about during the
last couple of days to the effect that Fitz
simmons and Julian would try to get out
of putting up their portion of the side bet
Tltese rumors arose over the fact that
Fitzsimmons left town without first hav
ing posted the money.
RRITISH 11.AYE11& AHEATi.
They Win the Second Chest Game in the
International Match.
NEW YORK, N. V., Feb. 13.— The sec
ond international cable chess match be
tween ten picked players from the United
Kingdom of Great Britain and an equal
number of playefti collected from the
United States of America, a contest which
was begun yesterday morning at 10
o'clock, ended this evening shortly before
half-past 6 o'clock in the victory for the
British team by a score of five and a half
to four and a half games. The score will
be seen from the appended table:
-
Tablb.
Great Britain.
1
2
3
4
5
6 -
7 |
8
9
.0
Flllsbnry
Know-alter
Burille
Barry
Hymes ......
Hodges.
Delmar
Heluig
Teed *..
McCutcheon.. ■
>' A
Blackburn....
Lacocfc I
i Aikins ,
, Lawrence
IMllis
i Bellii.ciiam .
Blake
Ja kson
jCole ;
| Jacobs j
0 "
1
1 I
I*
i
s
0
Vs
Total !
i*V2
Total i
i
Following are the openings adopted on
the ten boards, in the order named: Two
Kings' defense, Ruy Lopez, Vienna open
ing, Queen's pawns opening, French de
fense, Ruy Lopez, French defense, Ruy
Lopez, Queen's pawns opening, counter
center gambit.
The numbers of the mo7es are as fol
lows: 47, 36, G3, 34, 44, 69, 45, 44, 84, 27.
The following summary of the play will
be of interest: Pillsbury had a better game
and oueht to have beaten Blackburn.
When Blackburn accepted the draw offered
by Pillsbury he cabled: "I was lucky to
escape with a draw. Kind regards to my
American friends."
Lacock made an error in the opening
and fell an easy prey to Showalter's supe
rior tactics.
Atkins proved too good for Burille. The
latter lost two pawns in the middle of the
game, and he had no chance afterward.
Ihe games betffnen .Mills and Hymes
and Hodges and Bellingnam were splen
didly and evenly contested throughout,
both games endme in draws.
The veteran Deimar altogether out
played his adversary Blake, and he won
by brilliant play.
Helms made an error in the opening
against Jackson, which circumstance en
abled the latter to win.
Cole showed a marked superiority in
end game play, and after a long and pro
tracted struggle had to resign.
McCutcheon also committed himself in
the opening, and Jacobs experienced few
difficulties in registering a win for his side.
SPORTS AT M *£>ISOX SQUARE.
£v6ii» under the Autpicet of the Artr
Jer*ny Athletic Club.
NEW YORK, N. V., Feb. 13.— The carni
val of sports of the New Jersey Athletic
Club was brought off to-night at Madison
square Garden before a very fair crowd.
The principal events were the two-mile
steeplechase and the ten-mile flat for the
championship of the United States.
B. J. Wefers, the Georgetown College
sprinter, could not Ho better than finish
second by about six inches to T. R. Fisher
Jr. of Yale, who had a handicap of five
feet in the final heat of a 60-yard ran.
Wefers was, of course, scratch, and won
his two preliminary heats In 6 1-5 seconds,
faster than the world's record. On re
measurement the track was found to be 15
feet 7 inches short. Fisher's time in the
final was 63-5 seconds for the full distance.
H jertberg won the steeplechase by a foot
from Orton.
Winner* at -V«tc Or I' an*.
NEW ORLEANS, La., Feb. 13.— Three quar
ters of a mile, Ktterre won. Tariff second, Lil
lian E third. Time, I:24}^.
Seven-eighths of a mite, Zelbach won, Bob
Clampett second. Trixie third. Time, 1 :42.
Three-quarters of a mile, Oldham won,
Pommery Sec second, Vencedor third. Time,
1:24%
Seven-eighths of a mile, Robert Lalla won,
Jamcoree second. If third. Time, I:39}£.
Mile and an eighth, Harry Owsluy won,
Proverb second, Ai Miles third. Time. 2:l2}£.
Three-quarters of a mile. Uano Belle won,
Judß© Bullock second, Waldine third. Time,
Bairhall at San Jour.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Feb. 13— Percival R.
Milnes has been elected manager and
Charles L. Manon captain of the Univer
sity of the Pacific baseball team. The
nine (has been re-enforced by several new
players, and will be the strongest in the
history of the university. Next Saturday
tbe season will be opened by a game be
tween tbe academy and college of the uni
versity.
Waller Wi.i« the liar".
PITTSBURG, Pa., Feb. 13.— The mid
night and closing score in the seventy-two
hour (six days) bicycle race was: Waller
1221 miles, Gimm 1219, Schock 1200 Hali
1185, Forster 1176 and Ruckel 1103.
TVHKISa COUHVL AHKBaTBD.
Charged. With Embezzling SSOOO front a
Son lonian.
NEW YORK, N. V., Feb. 13. -Jacob
Isigi, the Turkish Consul at Boston, was
arrested at the Albermarle House this
evening and locked up at police head
quarters on a charge of embezzlement.
The arrest was made on a telegram from
Chief Inspector Watts of Boston. The
Boston police were notified. The telegram
received here reads: ,
Hold Jacob Islgi for me for embezzlement of
$8000 here from Peter Charles Derieux.
copies of warrant nnd complaint in the case
mailed you this evening. Two hundred and
fifty thousand dollars involved in this case
againit Is.gi.
The Consul had very little to say outside
of protesting against bis arrest. He de
clared that no one bad authority to arrest
him as he was the Turkish Consul-
General, and also said that the case in
question was a civil one.
J>.'r*. Btechfr Very Weak.
STAMFORD. Conn., Feb. 13. — Mrs.
Beecber's condition in about as it has been
for the past seventy-two hours. She is
very weak.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 14,» 1897.
TO BUTTLE WITH
GOVERNOR BUDD
Legislators Introduce New
Bills for a Printing
Appropriation.
If These Cannot Become Law
Then the Oifice Will Be
Closed Down,
And the Republican Statesmen Wil:
Introduce Economy That Will
B: Widespread.
EACRA.MENTO, Cal., Feb. 13.— The
Governor's message, boiled down, is to
the effect that it costs a very large sum
annually to print the reports of about
sixty departments of State and the State
series of textbooks, and that the printing
done for the executive and for the com
missioners appointed by him has increased
the cost over that of several years ago be
fore those commissions were born. It is
also not disputed that the State Printer
must print and bind everything that is
sent to his office by a State official, and
that the expense does not lie on his shoul
der-, but on the shoulders of the State
officials and commissions.
It is also conceded that $75,000 is need d
to carry on the State Printing Office to
July 1; that appropriations as large for
the same period of time have been made
to Democratic State Printers when the
number of commissions, bureaus, etc., was
only one-third of what it is now. In the
face of this state of facts the Republican
legislators say that the Governor's veto is
indefensible.
The sincerity of the Governor's motives
is questioned. When be and the commit
tee appointed to visit various State in
stitutions were at Coronado the Governor
in the presence of Assemblyman Arnerich
of Santa Clara, Price of Sonoma, and
others spoke bitterly of the State Printer
and of the appropriation desired by his
office. His manner and his language con
vince i the legislators who heard him that
he would veto the appropriation and that
he was prejudiced against the State
Printer.
As an instance of tbe Governor's insin
cerity when he speaks of his desire to pre
vent waste and extravagance Republicans
are citing tbe case of John A. Wyiiie, the
Governor's colored messenger. Wyllie
draws from the State a salary of $100 per
month as messenger and $30 per month
additional as porter for tbe Bureau of
Highways. It is thought by many people,
who make no pretense of being reformers,
that $130 per month is rather extravagant
wages for a man to run errands for the
Governor and to sweep out 'one room
which constitutes the office of the .bureau
of Highways.
When all the facts were taken into con
sideration tbe Republican caucus decided
that no compromise short of the right
was possible, and it took the only course
that was left to it in honor. Then when
tbe State Printer cut down his force by
discharging twenty-four men and four
women, all of whom bad been appointed
at the request of Democrats, the gentle
men of that persuasion began to perceive
that they had waded in beyond their
depth.
Hence the frantic but unsuccessful effort
of Sbanahan to introduce two bills to-day,
one for an appropriation of $40,000 and the
other for an appropriation of $35,000 lor
the printing office — repentance, as it were,
on the installment plan. The Republi
cans decided that if the Governor wanted
to back out in two motions the credit for
the appropriations should be placed with
them, and Dibble accordingly introduced
two similar bills, which will be considered
next Tuesday.
The tempest in the State Printing Office
has developed an important factor in the
matter, and that is the unpopularity in
side and outside of the office of Book
keeper Hadley. Employes of the print
ing office who are brought into close rela
tions with him do not like him for his
brusque manners and what the}' allege to
be his domineering way. It is believed
that Governor Bn Id does not like him
eiti.er, and that if be bad the appoint
ment of 1000 colored messenger-uortera at
$130 per month he would not appoint
Hadley, for it is known that several per
sons who were given positions in the
printing office at the solicitation of the
Governor disliked tbe bookkeeper both
before and after th*y were discharged,
and mention his name with words that
burn.
Chairman Mellck of the Committee on
Retrenchment wai told a day or two ago
that if Johnston would discharge Had lev
tne Governor would be mollilied, but the
persons who told him this did not say
that they were authorized by the Gov
esnor to do so.
So it would seem that there are other
things besides patriotism, economy and
an unselfish desire to do right that lie at
the root of political action, even on the
highest peak? of the mountains. Mean
while preparations are being made for
next Tuesday's battle. Trenches for the
dead and rifle pits for the sharpshooters
are being dug. The heavy artillery it
being hurried to the front. If the
Governor still continues obdurate and
insists upon blocking the wneels of legis
lation, which the closing down of the
State Printing Office would bring about,
Republican legislators intend to give an
object lesson in economy by lopping off
a large number of the bureaus and com
missions, the cosy berths which are filled
by the Governor's appointees and by
scaling down salaries in a way that will
delight evary lover of economy.
IS SENATE AMI) ASSEMBLY.
Hew Hilli Introduced to Provide funJi
for the State Printer.
SACRAMENTO, Cai,., Feb. 13.—Dickin
son's bill amending the Political Code as
to the appointment of officers and em
ployes of the San Francisco Board of
Health came up in the Senate this morn
ing on Dickinson's amendment dispensing
with the quarantine officer and was or
dered re-engrossed as amended and sent
to the third reading file.
Withington's motion to reconsider Sen
ate bill 443, relating to municipal corpora
tions, which was defeated yesterday, was
adopted and the bill passed. Adjourned.
In the Assembly this morning Speaker
Coombs receded from yesterday's ruling
on the printing bill and said the vote on
the Governor's veto could not be reconsid
ered.
Bills were introduced by Dibble to meet
the requirements of the State Printer —
one for $40,000 to cover expenses to the
end of the present session of the Legisla
ture, another for $36,000 for the remainder
of the fiscal year. The bills were made a
special order for nex r Tuesday.
Sbanahan introduced a similar bill as>
propriatlng $40,000, but it was rejected as
being a duplicate of Dibble's bill.
Caminetti introduced a resolution in
structing the State Printer to report to the
House the names of the persons said to
nave been discharged yesterday, all of
whom, it is claimed, are Democrats. The
resolution was referred to the Committee
on State Printing, with orders to report
upon it on Tuesday.
Hills w«r» passed to improve the Capitol
grounds, relating to justices' courts and
to increase the limit of taxation in cities of
the sixth class. Adjourned.
JVKISIH AUK HEARTt.
Important Biatterß lie fore the Joint
Judiciary Committee.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Feb. 13.— When
the joint session of the Senate and
Assembly Judiciary Committees was
called to order this afternoon, there were
present in the interest of proposed
Supreme Court legislation: Chief Justice
W. H. Beatty, ex-Chief Justice Niles
Searls, ex-Justices Van R. Paterson and
Charles N. Fox, Judge Robert Y. Hayne,
president of the Bar Association, Dr. E. R.
Taylor, ex-president of the Bar Asso
ciation, and John T. Wright, the organizer
of the Bar Association.
Two measures in the shape of constitu
tional amendments have been introduced,
providing for appellate courts to relieve
the Supreme Court. One of these is
fa'bered by the Bar Association and pro
vides for three district appellate courts.
Tbe other is the idea of Judge Van R.
Paterson and looks to the establishment
of but one such tribunal. In all, there are
about eight measures on the regulation of
the Supreme Court business.
In view of the difference of opinion be
tween the jurists present, Judge Hayne
suggested that the consideration of the
whole subject be postponed until a con
ference of the parties in interest could be
held and tbe situation shorn of its con
flicting features.
Judge Paterson rose to speak in behalf
of the Supreme Court Commission, and to
ask for it; continuance, and was agree
ably surprised when informed that the
bill on this subject had already passed
both houses and was now in the hands of
the Governor.
It was aeciaed to postpone the hearing
until next Saturday at 2 p. m.
The judicial visitors then agreed to hold
an executive meeting on Monday at 10
A. m. at the rooms of the Supreme Court in
San Francisco for the purpose of prepar
ing measure? that will harmonize their
opinions and thus simplify matters for the
Legislature. These are to be sent here by
Thursday morning, so as to be printed
and in shape for the committees' consid
eration at tbe appointed time.
JfJAJ-VG It t; Kit IS.
A Statement From the Controller JT«-
plaining the Matter fully.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Feb. 13.—Con
troller Colgan has addressed the following
letter to Assemblyman Soward, chairman
of the Committee on Mines:
Replying to your Inquiry of the 6th inst.
relative to the appropriation of $250,000 made
by the act of the Legislature approved March
24, 1893, for the impounding of mining debris :
No part of this appropriation has been
drawn from the State treasury, and the entire
amount remains therein, unexpended.
The act above cited provides for the ap
pointment of a Debris Commissioner for a
period of four years only, and makes no provi
sion for the appointment of a successor. It
would therefore appear that the intent of the
Legislature was to create the office for the
period of four years, at the end of which time
the office would cease to exist.
There appears to be no limitation at to the
life of the appropriation. The only condi
tions surrounding It arc that no warrant
against H may be drawn or paid until the
T'nited States Government shall have appro
priated an equal amount for a like purpose,
and that the money is to be paid only upon
orders drawn by the Controller upon the writ
ten request ol the Debris Commissioner, and
only lor payment ol not more than one-half of
the cost of construction of works for restrain
ing and Impounding mining debris.
It follows, therefore, that unless the law Is
amended, or the ottice of Debris Commis
sioner is continued in existence, the appro*
priation could not be used, as no legal de
mand could be made upon the Controller.
KESIO&'S AMBITION.
ffanti to Be Sent at Connul- General to
Hawaii.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Feb. 15.— Speaker
pro tern. Urewster C. Kenyon of Long
Beach aspires to be Consul- General to
Hawaii, and with that object in view the
following petition is being circulated:
The undersigned beg to recommend the
name of Hon. Brewster C. Kenyon of Long
Beach, Los Angeles County, California, for the
position of United States Consul-General to
Hawaii. Mr. Kenyon has taken an actfve
part in Republican politics in this State for
more than '.wolve years and is at present serv
ing his second term in the State Assembly, of
which body he is Speaker pro tern. We con
sider him in every way qualified to fill the
office to which he aspiret, and believe that his
appointment would be a fitting tribute to the
youug Republicans of California.
It has alrea iy been signed by the prin
cipal Republican State officials and also
by the Republican legislators.
Ooodhue t jroneraied.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Feb. 13.—Aswm
blyman Linden berger this morning rose to
a question of privilege with reference to
the resolution by him yester
day, repudiating trio petition hawked
about the Assembly by Assemblyman
Goodtiue, asking Congress to pass the
Sherman anti-scalpers bill. Mr. Linden
berger disclaimed any intention of having
aimed the resolution at Mr. Goodhue. He
believed Mr. Goodhue to have been as in
nocent as a lamb in the matter.
Excursion to lone.
BACRAMENTO, Cal., Feb. 13.— At 9
o'clock to-morrow morning a special train
will leave this city for lone, Amador
County, bearing a load of legislators
on a visit of inspection to the Preston
School of Industry by invitation of the
trustees of the school. Assemblyman
Caminetti bas taken charge of th« excur
sion, and will do the honors on the way.
for a Jjnvo 'oinmiiilon.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Feb. 13— At the
meeting of the Judiciary Committee of
the Senate to-day it was decided to report
unfavorably the bill providing for the
creation of a law commissioner to take the
place of the code commission.
SI ANY CALLERS AT CANTON.
Enthusiastic Republicans Pay Their Re
spects to the Gallant President-
Elect.
CANTON. Ohio. Feb. 13. — Senator
Tburston, who was one of the speakers at
the convention and banquet of the Ohio
Republican League Clubs at Evansville
last night, stopped in Canton, on his way
East, to see Major McKiniey. Senator
Thurston was apparently pleased with tbe
disposition toward harmony which he
found among tbe Ohio Republicans. He
left for the East this afternoon.
A party of 100 enthusiastic Cleveland
Republicans stopped for an hour in Can
ton on their homeward journey from the
Zanesville banquet, and called on Major
McKinley. They marched through the
streets behind a vigorous band.
Professor William Harper and W. P.
Wilson of the Philadelphia Commercial
Museum called on the President-elect to
invitu him to be present at the meeting of
tbat institution next June. He said if
they would call his attention to the event
about twenty days before its occurrence,
he would try to arrange to be present.
Booker Washington, president of the
Normal and Industrial College at Tusko
gee, Alabama, wno is said to be the fore
most colored orator in the country, called
to pay his respects to Major McKinley to
day. Unlike many colored men who have
been here, Mr. Washington is not a poli
tician and does not want an office. He
was also one of the speakers at tbe Zanes
ville banquet last evening.
Major McKinley does not expect to be
in Canton tbe first half of next week. He
has one or two business matters that he
has to attend to, and if he does not take
tbe time at once there will be no other
opportunity before he goea to Washing
ton. Visitors who come to Canton before
Thursday next expecting to see the Presi
dent-elect will probably be disappointed,
for arrangements for his departure are
well under way.
BAXQUETM* BY BACKERS.
Zyman J- Gage the Quest of Manor at
a Chicago Club Brent.
CHICAGO, 111., Feb. 13.— Lyman J.
Gasre, who is to be President McKinley's
Secretary of the Treasury, was the euest
of honor at a banquet given at the Au
ditorium Hotel to-night by his fellow*
members of tne Bankers' Club.
Two hundred citizens, prominent in the
commercial, financial and professional
life of Chicago, filled the small banquet
ball, and joined in the farewell tribute of
regard and God-speed. The presi
dent of the club, Jonn J. Mitchell,
head of the Illinois Trust and Savings
Bank, said the President-elect had made
no mistake in disregarding the desires of
politicians by appointing Mr. Gage to the
treasury. It was the best appointment
since Alexander Hamilton was given
charge of the country's financial policy.
F. D. Lacey, congratulated Mr. Gage,
this city and the country because Mr.
Gage cad been appointed without solicita
tion, because be was a consistent advo
cate of civil service reform and his ap
pointment was a victory for that reform.
An outburst of applause greeted Mr.
Gape when he rose to reply. He said he
had read so rfluch in the last fortnight in
praise of himself and about himself that
he had doubted if he was himself at all.
The illusion was helped out by cartoons
tie had seen of a young man with a mus
tache and goatee a la Napoleon and
under it his name, lie fully realized his
individual responsibility in the larger
National sphere into which he had been
called, and hoped bis Chicago friends
would not regret the confidence they had
reposed in him.
CHAUXCKI DEVEW EXPLAINS.
Say He Cannot Accept a 3/ is ion That
1* Hot Yet Offered..
NEW YORK, N. V., Feb. 13.— "The
man wno would say whether he would
accept an office like that of Embassador
to the Court of St. James before it is
offered to him is not fit to fill that or any
other office," said Dr. C. M. Depew to a
reporter this morning.
"it is not true," he continued, "that I
have been offered the post, and I may
add that I have not received one word on
the subject from Canton. All that 1 know
is that Governor Morton has written a
letter to President-elect McKinley pro
posing my name and suggesting that my
selection would be agreeable to the Re
publicans of New YorK State. Of course
having received no intimation from Major
McKinley I can say nothing further.
"As to my resigning the presidency of
the New York Central, all I have to say is
that up to the present time such an idea
has not entered my head." Mr. Depew
has not yet fully recovered from the cold
he recently contracted and is still con
fined to the house.
SARD BLOW AT BUSHNJSLL.
Hi* Favoriti Defeated for a County Com
mittee Chairmanship.
COLUMBUS, Ohio. Feb. 13.— Governor
Busbnell's Senatorial arbirations received
a hard blow in his own county to-day in
the organization of the County Commit
tee when George Beard, a McKinley man,
defeated Samuel Wilkinson for chairman,
Wilkinson being Governor Bushnell's fa
vorite. The defeat of the Governor in his
own county was very quietly worked and
bis friends did not know until the vote
was taken that Wilkinson would have op
position. It apparently means the defeat
of McGraw, the Governor's son-in-law, for
the nomination for State Senator for
which he was announced.
Becrttary Oage'a Probable Agtittant.
BOSTON, Mass., Feb. 13.— The Evening
Record makes the assertion that Colonel
Albert Clarke, Secretary of the liome Mar
ket Club, is to be Assistant Secretary of the
Treasury. It says that he has the indorse
ment of the entire Massachusetts delega
tion in Coneress, and tbat during his
recent visit to Canton he was declared by
Major McKinley to be just the man for the
position.
South Dakota's Deadlock.
PIERRE, S. D., Feb. 13.— The vote for
Senator to-day resulted : Pickler 47, Kyle
21, Goodykoontz 21, Plowman 9, Hinkley
9, scattering 4. There is no change in the
situation.
t> V-I I I.Ef jtAlt SJiXiTltr FREE.
Acquitted of the Murder of Colliandet
at Chicago.
CHICAGO, 111., Feb. 13.— The sensa
tional trial of Alderman Thomas J.
O'Mulley and John Santry on the charge
of being members of the gang which
raided the Oak-street polling-place in
November, 1894, to steal the ballots and
killed Gustav Colliander while in the act,
ended to-night in the acquittal of both
defendants of the murder accusation.
There was a demonstration of approval
in Judge Tu! ley's court when the verdict
was announced, after several hours' delib
eration by the jury, and the exonerated
Alderman was tendered an enthusiastic
reception by his fellow-citizens of the
ward which he represents in the Council.
The trial created an intensely bitter
feeling, the German and Irish races and
Protestant and Roman religions being
brought into antagonistic relation. Many
men have been charged with the Coliian
der murder and numerous arrests have
been made in various parts of the coun
try, but the oroof of complicity in the
murderous raid has never been fastened
on any one.
T c announcement of the acquittal of
Alderman O'Malley was a severe blow to
Inspector of Police Michael Schack, who
had brought out the evidence on which
the indictments were returned. Ever
9ince the Colliander murder Inspector
Schack has worked vigorously on the case
and after the indictment of O'Malley it
bas been generally asserted 'that unless a
conviction was secured the inspectors po
lice record was ended. After hearing tne
verdict to-night the inspector went home,
where a little later be was seized with
what is believed to be a stroke of paraly
sis and his physician says his condition is
serious. His wife was* also taken ill to*
night.
GEMEHAI. St.l.ltt TfEAI).
Sate Much Service in the Confederate
• Army During the War.
ADRIAN, Mo., Feb. 13.— General J. O.
Selby died at his farm near here this
morning at 4 o'clock. He had been at the
point of death for several days. The doc
tors had given him up and it was known
that he could not live. <
General Belby was born in Lexington,
Kv., in 1831, but in his early life moved to
Missouri. He was an active participant
in tbe Kansas troubles and joined the
Confederate army soon after the outbreak
of the war. He saw much service in the
Southwest and quickly rose to the rank of
general. After tbe war Bel by lived for a
while in Mexico, but subsequently re
turned to his farm in Missouri.
ftuiridf in Lincoln Park, Chicago.
CHICAGO, 111., Feb. 13. — William
Stanford Lawson, who came here recently
from New York city en route to California,
committed suicide in Lincoln Park to
night by shooting himself with a revolver.
Card* were found in his possession bearing
the firm name of Lawson & Foote, 256
Broadway, New York. He was about 30
years of age.
Mr. Jtryan Oives Bond*.
CHICAGO, 111., Feb. 13.— William J.
Bryan appeared in court this morning and
pave bond in the sum of $30,000 in the in
junction suit involving Mr. Bryan's boot.
NEW TO-DAY— CLOTHING.
bid^m^T^w
The Breaking V=&y
Up of Winter, \JL/
And the Breaking J £jl
Up of This ,  C3j[ Q/m
Great Sale.
Monday and W^SJ \ Mr\
Tuesday . Ci . '/v^lldb
Are the last days of this \J M li\
great sale. I J " 111
A sad parting scene will \ L_ ll_J—
be enacted when you, we rr JL —^FuZTu
and the figure "5" must \]//^^^^^
part company and go down j I / L^^r
in the history of Frisco's II <^s =^*BB&
biggest commercial insti- libL
tution as one of the most Ahove you see the garments
wonderful sales in one Of that speak for themselves, or
the dullest months of the speak as ivell as pen and ink
year that has ever been sketch can speak.
held ■in the city by the , The Overcoats are very . swell,
/V in mri me city by me heavy and medium : weight ; in
LrOiaen hate. ■ coior o f b i U6f aclc and Havana
Yesterday it was almost brown, serge lined. They're
impossible to handle all the clever garments ; you see that on
trade and handle it as we si^\ and we say this that it
would have hkedto Man- Z^T^lrPorTt^ar-
day we promise better ser- ments will find themselves on,
vice, more salesmen added, bargain tables at
Last days— Monday and 00-*«
Tuesday and no more. ■ s <PO«\-/v/'"
BID GOOD-BY TO SEVEN.
IT WILL BE QUOTED NEVER MORE, AND WILL BE
REMEMBERED AS ONE OF THE SEVEN WONDERS AT
SEVEN.
Monday and Tuesday are the
last days of seven. Monday and nm- ,_
Tuesday will see the end of a < " , J^^
sale that has caused a sensation 4* JP^=Lfto •'
in town. A pleasant sensation gLjfi-* T f \
for you— a consternation it ere- -Jfflr^— r— ss^
ated among those that carry as " =^ ===r=: s' \-\*
fine goods as we. BB_S2«>o r £^S\ & '
Monday and Tuesday those jKJb=££^aT\ 1 <^T^ t^>
clever and dressy blue and black £*» *^li»T^lj] Ib^} "J 1
Serge Cheviots. £$$ Wbk^ivsi Pnml^Jt^
Till closing time Tuesday "- " f 'ZJ/**, /I <W\ (W)
night those swell Scotches in "wl/C^" (Y I £3\ v
overplaids—some of 'em fly- ] \lf^» f^ \4. ' V V
front — Spring styles. The j~> '^\ \ /^s, « ir
last days Monday and Tuesday (]»*' A If^' /
of those fine Worsteds in neat yf 1/ 7 ? (^
checks, in blue, steel gray and ml 4 * SSL /I x \ • '
And the last days of those g^HL 4^^ 1 ;j' ,
Royal Kersey Overcoats in blue — \ \p — - /<n ;
and black, at *^ , , v- \ 1 A\ — — a I 1
—$7.00— ■ fF j jj;
The closing scenes of this re- \ \ \\ I^l **
markable sale will be worth \\ \\ '// Vd('
while witnessing, for if the 1) \ \/? ' . \J ' '
crowd of yesterday is any crite- «£^"V/ \
rion to go by . the last days will M »
be an overwhelmer. v
RAPHAEL'S"
, INCORPORATED).'
——THE FRISCO BOYS— —
IX, 13, is K.earny Street
34
BRITISH CABINET
CRISIS IMMINENT
Educational Bill Dissen
sions Embarrass . the
Government.
Cecil Rhodes Has a Trump Card
to Play at the Transvaal
Investigation.
Novel Breach of Promise Case—Activ
ity in College Sports— Amateurism
and Professionalism.
LONDON, Esq., Feb. 12.— Simple as
the educational bill seems, as compared
with the bill of last year, it has already
imperiled the reputation of Mr. Balfour,
and is proving a sure embarrassment to
the Government. If the present bill sinks
under the discord among the Unionists
and the tactios of the Liberal opposition,
Mr. Balfour's days as leader of the House
are numbered. Numerous communica
tions have since reached the Government
whips that the measure must be altered
when its details come to be discussed. If
these demands irom within their own
party are assented to and the bill en
larged, the principle of primal educational
reform, upon which Mr. Balfour proceeds,
must be given up. Mr. Balfour then prob
ably will resign, and with him those of
his colleagues in the Cabinet who have
identified themselves with this policy.
The conservative whips advise Mr. Bal
lour to call upen his present majority and
force the bill through so as to get the
grant to voluntary schools made available
for the current fiscal year. Otherwise
they predict the resignation of the Minis
try, with an early dissolution of .Parlia
ment.
Meetings of the leaders of the opposi
tion, at which Lord Kimberley and other
peers were present, have been held at Sir
William Harcourt's residence. Sir Wil
liam Harcourt's leadership of the party is
now an acknowledged fact.
The withdrawal from political life of
Bir George Otto Trevelyan is regretted on
all sides. His conservative opponents
have copiously abused him for "ratting"
unionism, but outside of politics he has
the good will of all men. He retires now
to his home in Northumberland and will
devote what strength he has to literature.
An application from the Chinese Gov
ernment to the Admiralty to commend a
British naval adviser has resulted in the
appointment of Captain Gundes, head
of tne marine service on the Niger coast.
He leaves England at the end of February
to take up the position of chiel of the
Tiensin Naval Acauemy and ad vis r to the
Chinese Government.
Justice Collins, the fellow arbitrator
with Lord Herschel on behalf of Great
Britan on the Venezuelan boundary tri
bunal, has decided not to return to the
law courts after the Easter recess until
tne work of the arbitration tribunal is
ended. He will be marked out for pro
motion afterward.
A very remarkable case that may soon
come before the Jaw courts is interesting a
certain section of London Bociety. It is
an action for breach of promise and per
sonal injuries brought by a gentleman
against a lad}-. The plaintiff, though of
very moderate means, is connected with
some of the very best families of old stand
ing and the defendant is a lady belonging
to the wealthy Jewish community. Toe
circumstances of the case are unique. Ac
cording to the plaintiff's claim he was ac
cepted by the defendant as her intended
husband, but it was insisted upon by her
family that he should adopt the Jewish
faith. He even underwent the physical
operation necessary to conversion. After
ward it would seem that the engagement
was broken off, not, according tv his state
ment, through any fault of his. An ac
tion 18 Deing started for this alleged breach
of promise of marriage and for damages
for the personal injuries he underwent in
submitting to the operation referred to.
Sir Edmund Munson, the new British
Embassador to Paris, will shortly be made
a peer. Several important vacancies are
pending in the Colonial Office. Gout has
Bupervened in Sir Robert Mead's frac
tured legs and he will shortly retire from
the permanent Under Secretaryship. Mr.
Fairfield, the head of the important South
African Department, has long been absent
in ill-health in the south of France, and
his post will have to be filled up.
The Prince of Wales, who, as Duke of
Cornwall, is grand landlord of Kensington
Oval, the great South London cricket
ground, has inserted a singular proposi
tion in renewing the lease. He stipulates
that soldiers, sailors, policemen and post
men in uniform are at all times to be ad
mitted to the grounds free.
The list of United Stales bishops ex
pected to attend the Ecumenical Confer
ence at Lambeth Palace in July next in
cludes the Bishopsfof Albany, Calitornia,
Central Pennsylvania, Delaware, Easton,
Fond dv Lac, Georgia, lowa, Kansas. Ken
tucky, Lexington, Los Anceles, Mains,
Marquette, Maryland, Massachusetts,
Michigan, Milwaukee, Minnesota, Missis
sippi, Nebraska New |York, North Caro
lina, Oregon, Pennsylvania, Pittsburg,
Southern Ohio, Springfield, Vermont, New
Mexico and Arizona, South Dakota, South
ern Florida, the Platte and West Texas.
From Canada will come the Archbishop
of Ontario and the Bishops of Fredericton,
Huron, Montreal, Niagara, Nova Scotia.
Quebec, Toronto, the Archbishop of Ru
pertsland and the Bishops of Q'Appelle
and Saskatchewan.
Mr. Rhodes is credited with having a
trump card in the game of disclosures
before the select committee on the Trans
vaal raid. He is said to be in possession
of letters that passed long prior to the
Jameson expedition between President
Kruger and Emperor William, and be
tween Dr. Leyds and the German Foreign
Minister.
These documents were abstracted from
Dr. Leyds while at Pretoria, before his
visit to Berlin, and were got hold of by
Mr. Rhodes and are to be produced as
justification of the raid, which was meaDt
to counteract, successful or unsuccessful,
ns an armed operation, the German plots.
Mr. Rhodes desires that his examina
tion shall be concluded as speedily as pos
sible, as he thinks his early return to
South Africa is necessitated by the posi
tion of affairs there. The Boer faction,
led by Dr. Leyds, is becoming strong
enougn to menace the more moderate
Kruger party. If Dr. Leyds gets the upper
hand the abrogation of the London con
vention and the entire independence of
the republic would be declared at once.
The Anglophobist Boers would warmly
welcome a war with England.
Lord Kosraead (late Sir Hercules Rob
inson), Governor of Cape Colony, and
Sir Graham Bower, Imperial Secretary at
the Cape, will arrive in London toward
the end of April to give evidence before
the raid committee. Lord Rosmead will
not return to the Cape, his resignation,
which has been in the hands of Mr. Cham
berlain for three months, haying been ac
cepted. His successor will not be ap
pointed until after ins arrival here.
The attention of the footbail world is
still absorbed in the quarrel between the
International Rugby Board and Wales.
Even after the patching up tnat bas been
attempted everybody admits that the in
ternational board (mostly English Rugby
Union officials) has been very silly. It is
tiie old trouble of distinguishing between
amateurism and profe-sionalism. Wales
has a veteran halfback, A. J. Gould, who
is admitted by most competent judges to
be the finest exponent of the game that
has ever been seen. He is a veteran, and
will probably retire in a few years.
Welsh followers of footbail, having in
mind the lone-boomed subscription testi
monial to Dr. Grace, the cricketer, thought
they woulu lice to honor their own cham
pion. They raised £700, with which it
was intended to buy for Gould the free
hold of the small country house in which
he lives.
Hereupon the international board
stepped in and declared that Gould, if he
accepted the testimonial, would become a
professional. Wales', of course, resented
the interference, and hence a deadlock
which has delayed the international
matches. Wales has already won the hrst
of these with England. The great body
of amateur players has no sympathy with
this policy, and the ultimate result seems
likely to be a complete obliteration by
public opinion of ail distinction between
the amateur and professional classes.
Cambridge University is this year mak
ing tremendous efforts to w.n the boat
race. Extraordinary care has been taken
in the selection of me crew. Councils of
war are held daily by the best coachers of
former years after the crew's practice and
changes are lrequent. Cambridge's crew
is about ten pounds lighter than Oxford's
men, although this difference in weight
may make no difference. Dudley Ward,
one of the new oars in the Cam bridge boat,
was the best of last year's Eton crew,
wilier rowed so well at Henley. It has
been a great disappointment that the two
brothers, Rupert and Ernest Guinness, sons \
of Lora Iveach, are not available for tarn- '
bridge. Both crews have last year's I
strokes, Oxford keeping Gould, an old Eton
boy and stroke of the brilliant New Col- i
lege crew at Henley last yoar, and Cam
bridge has Ferme, a very powerful oar.
"TREASON, TREASON!" HE CRIED.
An Insane Student Created a Dramatic
Scene in (he French Chamber
of Deputies.
PARIS, Franck, Feb. 13.— A dramatic
scene occurred in the Chamber of Depu
ties this evening which for a time caused
much excitement in that body. The pro
ceedings of the chamber were going along
in routine fashion when suddenly a young
man in the gallery, who had been watch
ing the deputies, sprang to his feet and
leaning forward shouted in a loud voice,
"Treason, treason; in 1900 Paris will be a
cemetery."
The members of the chamber present
were greatly surprised and demands were
made for the arrest of the man. When,
however, an attempt was made to take
him into custody he made a desperate re
sistance and it was only with the greatest
difficulty that he was arrested. It was
then learned that he was Pierre Tramoni,
president of the Students' Association of
Aix, and that he had suddenly gone in
sane. Ha was removed to the hospital,
where it is hoped that under proper treat
ment he will recover.
SLAVERY IN NICARAGUA.
Terrible State of the Labor Market— Men
and Women Subjected to a s>s
tem of Bondage.
PANAMA, Colombia., Feb. 13.— The
Panama Star and Herald says: Nlcara
guan advices are to the effect that a terri
ble state of affairs prevails there in the
labor market, and the system of selling
labor has resulted in reducing very large
numbers of men, women and children to
a state of slavery.
Men and women are endeavoring by
every possible way except an armed revo
lution to escape from the sale of their
labor, authorized by the constitution of
Nicaragua and enforced as vigorously as
possible by military power, until the
money for poods advanced to them there
on and heavy fines for delinquenoy have
been paid in full by labor at low rates.
Owners of coffee estates recently held
a meeting with the object cf influencing
the Government of Nicaragua to establish
In Cuba a labor establishment to induce
Cuban laborers to migrate to Nicaragua.
A F/AIHS IX MA WA.II.
Xo Proof That Mr*. Dfmond Tried to
Bribe Witneues.
HONOLULU. Hawaii, Feb. 7.— General
A. S. Hartwell proceeds to Washington
this morning per Doric. He is the agent
of the Pacific Cable or Bcrymser Company
in dealing with the Hawaiian Government.
He denied that his present errand is con
nected with cable matters, which he
believes will have been finally dealt with
before he will arrive. He will work for an
nexation as opportunity may arise.
The Hawaaiian Government is on the
alert for any action necessary to secure an
nexation. Officials are prepared promptly
to send forward to Washington a suitable
commission, whenever advised by Minister
Hatch of any such need. It is thought
probable, however, that Mr. Hatch will be
able to avail himself of sufficient help
from L. A. Thurston, and perhaps also
General Haitwell.
The charge of contempt brought against
Mrs. Carrie E. Dimond was to-day dis
missed by the court on the ground of insuf
ficient evidence to prove an attempt to
bribe witnesses to testify against her
husband.
CauMea Jlcducd liaiiem.
PiTTSBURG, Pa.. Feb. IS.— The steel
rail fight has resulted in a reduction of
wages of 10 per cent at the Cambria Works
at Johnstown and the Thompson Works
of the Carnegie Company, where the
workers are paid on a sliding scale based
on the selling price of the rails. There
were no local developments to-day of im
portance in the rate war.
THE 'SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 14, 1397.
Cloverdale's Large Citrus Fair Pavilion.
GREAT SUFFERING
IN STRICKEN CUBA
Homes of Hundreds of Fam
ilies Burned by Span
ish Troops.
Refugees Who Seek Cities for
Shelter in a Pitiable
Condition
General Weyler Marches Through a
Province Applying the Torfih
Bat Not Fighting.
HAVANA, Cuba., Feb. 13.— Jose Varela
Zeguira, a prominent physician, has been
arrested here on the charge of conspiracy
against the Government. Dr. Zeguira's
brother Eduardo was transported to the
i Chaffarine Islands some time ago.
Eight native Philippine officers have
been transferred from the army there for
, service in Cuba.
About 300 families have arrived in the
city of Santa Clara from the country.
Their homes have been completely de
stroyed by the Spanish troops, who are
burning or otherwise destroying every
thing of value in the province outside the
cities and towns. The condition of the
refugees is pitiable. Many of them were
not able to obtain lodgings in the city,
having no money to pay therefor, and
! they have been compelled to camp in the
I outskirts, where they have little or no
protection from the elements.
The rebels have apparently disappeared
from the province of Santa Clara, but it is
known that they are sheltered in the hills
) where the Spanish troops cannot reach
them. All the columns accompanying
General Weyler are said to be seeking for
them, but can find no trail. As the troops
have maae no attempt to enter the hills
it is quite certain they will discover no in
surgents so long as the latter remain en
j sconced in their hiding-places.
General Weyler to-day continued his
march through the province. His forces
are divided into three columns, he him
self commanding the center one.
Captain Ochoa reports from Cienfnegos
that he has repulsed in that district an
attack made by about 200 rebels. He said,
it is reported, that the rebels were led by
various chiefs and that they were escort
ing the members of the rebel government.
This iB not believed in Havana, as it is
not thought probable that such a small
number of Insurgents would be entrusted
with the duty of escorting their govern
ment.
MISERY AM If A ail ME.
Devastation Mark* the Pathway of W*y
ler*a Advance.
HAVANA, Cuba, Feb. 18.— General
Weyler continues to advance into Santa
_^ NEW TO-DAY. •■•
BABY'S COniNQ.
Nature intended that
irt pM every woman should
Jf If look forward to the com-
*ff>tl/j ing of her baby with joy
and hope, unclouded by
jmpjy anxiety. Almost pain-
jlf^f less parturition is quite
Jff&SS the usual thing among
Fjr|H uncivilized people.
A j^Hl Even in our own country
j Bjß it occasionally happens
///BBS with women in robust
//'■BO health and good condi-
//jHK tion. It ought to be the
// ImUßf rule i nstc &d of the excep-
IJ 1 88 l * on ; and it is a fact that
/.' t MSC aEt a very large proportion
ifTJJBJBJj^ of the usual pain and suf-
PkariTlrT**-* faring may be avoided by
looking after the mother's general health,
and specially strengthening the particular
organs concerned in parturition.
Many mothers have been brought through
the trying time almost painlessly by the aid
of Dr. Pierce'* Favorite" Prescription. It
prepares the system for delivery by im-
parting the organic strength and elasticity
which the mother specially needs ; shortens
the time of labor and of confinement ; pro-
motes the secretion of abundant nourish-
ment for the child and fortifies the entire
constitution against the after period of de-
pression and weakness. It's use should
begin in the early months of gestation
earlier the better.
■ Mrs. Fred Hunt, of Glenvitte, Schenectady Co.,
N. y., says : " I read about Dr. Pierce's Favorite
Prescription being so good for a woman with
child, 60 I got two bottles last September, and
December 13th, I had a twelve-pound baby girl.
When I was confined I was not sick in any way.
I did not suffer any pain, and when the child
was born I walked into another room and went
to bed. I never had an after-pain or any other
pain. This is the eighth child and the largest
of them all. I suffered everything that flesh
could suffer with the other babies: I always had
a doctor and then he could not help me very
much, but this time my mother and my husband
were alone with me. My baby was only seven
. days old when I grot up and dressed and left my
room and stayed up all day."
Clara province. He is escorted by Gen
erals Prats, Gasco and Ruiz and Colonels
Albergoti, Maroto and Rubin, with four
and a half brigades of troops. The rebel
forces are retiring into the province of
Puerto Principe. General Wayler's col
umns are destroying all of the resources of
the enemy found in their path and heavy
clouds of black smoke point out the
route of the troops. All of the huts along
the line of march have been burned and
their present occupants ordered to live in
the towns. Misery and famine prevail
throughout the district of Santo Do
mingo and far to ihe eastward. General
Hernandez Velasco has had two engage
ments with the Insurgent leader Caraguao
in the Empress Hills and also at Brujen
in the Pinar del Rio province, in both of
which the rebels were defeated.
The troops seized the insurgent armory
at Army on Cabal Hill in the prefecture of
Pilar Diaz, killing the rebel commandant,
Captain Acosta.
VICTORIES ARE REPORTED.
Spaniard!, at " Usual, Ciaitn to Hare
Defeated Insurgent*,
HAVANA, Cuba, Feb. 13.— Advices
have been received here that a party of
rebels made an attack upon the Spanish
steamer Fausto at Media Luna, a port
near Manzanillo, wheu Commander Pon,
on board the Spanish gunboat Cuba
Espanola, came up and opened fire on the
rebels, driving them away and compelling
them to leave their dead behind them.
The Cuba Espanola then retired, but as
the rebels came back after the gunboat
left, and renewed their attack upon the
steamer, Commander Pon returned and
again opened lire upon them, this time
dispersing them with considerable Joss.
Pon then proceeded to the San Juan
River, where he dispersed a party of rebels
and captured a boat which they had used.
Commander Carderona, commander of
the Spanish gunboat Yumuri, has beaten
and dispersed a party of rebels at Punta
Piloto in the; Puerto Principe province,
which had made an attack upon the gun
boat. i.V-v'
Military Commander Madrugh defeated
a strong party of rebels at Condee ranch,
in the Havana province. The rebels lost
thirty killed and wounded and the troops
lost five killed and two missing. The
camp of the rebels was destroyed and a
large quantity of arms and ammunition
and a number of cattle, which the in
surgents left behind them, were captured
by the troops.
A fight has also taken place at Palisa
dcs Drilla, in the province of Pinar del
Rio, in which three rebels were killed.
The Gerona Battalion in conjunction
with the gunboat Reina Christina has had
an engagement with a party of rebels in
the Pinar del Rio province, in which nine
of the enemy were killed.
United States Vice-Consul-General J. A.
Springer has returned to Havana.
Emilio Nunez and a number of other
persons charged with the crime of rebel
lion have been arrested.
An Outrage to Mle InrmnUgated.
WASHINGTON, D. OL, Feb. 13.—Cum
mings (D.) of New York offered in the
House to-day a resolution requesting the
Secretary of State, if not incompatible
with the public interests, to give to the
House any information he may have con
cerning the incident of tbe stripping of
three Jady passengers on the United States
mail steamer Olivette in the harbor at Ha
vana by Spanish detectives, as related by
the correspondent of a New York paper
(the Journal) on the 12th inst.
The resolution was referred to the Com
mittee on Foreign Affairs.
AT THE GERMAN CAPITAL
Embassador Uhl Will Give a Reception
to Americans on Washington's
Birthday.
BERLIN, Germany, Feb. 13.— The two
days debate on the army estimates in the
Reichstag this week gave Herren Vollmar
and Bebel, the Socialist leaders, a chance
to complain of the treatment received by
socialitis in the army and the style of de
fense adopted by General yon Gossler, the
Minister of War, did not have a tendency
to exalt his reputation as the representa
tive of the War Office in the Reichstag.
United States Embassador Edwin F.
Uhl will give a reception to the Americans
in Berlin on Washington's birthday.
Colonel D. E. Washington, who was
chamberlain to the late King Ludwig of
Bavaria, is dead at Munich.
Robert T. Kneebs, the American trot
ting horse owner, whose appeal against
his sentence of nine months' imprison
ment under conviction of ringing in a
horse on the German tracks was recently
rejected by the court, had contemplated
availing himself of his right to make an
other appeal, but under the advice of
friends he has accepted his sentence and
will eerve it. As the seven months which
Kneebs lias already spent in Jail were de
ducted by the court from his sentence, he
will have but two months to serve. In
addition to thi-, however, be will have to
pay a fine of 1000 mams.
Lasker, the chess-player, who is now in
Berlin, has informed a representative of
the United Associated Presses that he is
convinced that Btetnitz is mentally de
pressed. It was during the recent match
between the two players, Lasker said,
that he fell that the change was taking
place. He is of the opinion, however,
that a good rest will restore Steinitz to
his old health and force.
The SU ant, hip VhU Arrive*.
■•' BERMUDA, Feb. 13.— International
Navigation Company's steamship Ohio,
which left New York February 6 with a
party of tourists for a cruise in South
American waters, arrived at St.. Thomas
to-day.
SONOMA'S RICHES
WILL BE SHOWN
All Cloverdale Preparing
for the Annual Citrus
Exposition.
Surrounding Towns Enter Into
Friendly Rivalry With
Gay Exhibits.
Committees Arrange Interesting Feat
ures to Delight the Crowds
in Attendance.
CLOVERDALE, Cal., Feb. 13. - All
Cloverdale is on ttie gui vive these days for
the' important events of the coming week.
Most important of all will be the opening
next Wednesday of the fifth annual citrus
exhibition, which gives promise of being
a brilliant success and forever establish
ing the congeniality of Sonoma' s soil and
climate to the successful growing of citrus
fruits.
Another noteworthy event will take
place on the opening night. F. Albertz,
president of tne Cloverdale Electric Light
and Water Company, will stand before a
switchboard at Moulton Hill, a mile from
town, and touch a button which will
cause Sonoma's Orange City for the first
time to be flooded with the radiance oi
hundreds of electric lights.
The new citrus fair pavilion is a bustling
scene of activity these days. A force of
electricians is at work putting in lights.
Two large arc lights and fifty incandes
cent! will illuminate the main part of the
building. Superintendent Wilson, assist
ed by 8. R. Sample, is engaged in deco
rating the spacious hall with thousands of
yards of bunting in the citrus colors
white, green and yellow. Although the
bl« building it now crowded applications
for space are still being made.
Preston, a lovely subuib two miles
north of Clovardale, will have a collective
exhibit on a large scale, and is certain to
win prizes. Geyserville and HeaicUburg
have entered applications for space. Guy
E. Grosse of Santa Rosa will make a large
exhibit of olives.
The Sonoma County Horticultural Soci
ety is taking a great interest In this enter
prise and has appointed the following
prominent citieens of Sonoma County to
represent the society at the fair: E. D.
Sweetzer, R. A. Thompson, G. 0. Rich
ards, W. M. Gottwaldt, At. L. McDonald.
C. W. Otis, G. R. Camp, L. E. Rlcksecker,
Jonathan Roberts, F. Butler, G. N. Whit
taker, W. N. Gladden and C. H. Vander
linrlen.
WorK on the various exhibits has already
begun and many unique, attractive ana
artistic designs wil! be there. Prominent
space nas been given to art, and the com
mittee in charge finds that to be one of the
most pleasing drawing-cards of the fair.
Professor D. C. Smith and daughter,
Miss Mabel, well-known cornet soloists,
will assist in the musical attractions. On
Thursday afternoon a baby nhow will be
an attractive feature and three prizes will
be awarded. Friday has been sec aside as
school children's day, when all attendants
ROSES ON YODR CHEEKS
WHEN YOU USE .
JOY'S VEGETABLE
SARSAPARILLA.
Ladies and gentlemen. It is now on the
edge of the season of the year when you
begin to aak yourself what is best for the
blood. Here Is the logical answer: A
vegetable preparation which acta on the
Kidneys, liver and bowels. A vegetable
preparation that is laxative and yet does
not gripe. A vegetable preparation that
will bring no pimplea on your face. This
is positive.
Joy's Vegetable Sarsaparilla is pleasing
to take. If this is not so you can easily
find that out. Joy's Vegetable Sarsapa-
rilla brings no pimples. Ask any one
wno has used the remedy, or use it your-
at the CloTerdale High School will be ad
mitted free, and on Friday night the citrus
fair ball will be held.
Cheap excursion rates have been granted
on all points of the San Francisco and
Xorth Pacific Railway.
FIGHTING FOR MARIN LAND.
Forty Acres of Valuable Property Which
Has Been in Litigation for Sev
enteen Years.
SAN RAFAEL, Cal., Feb. 13.— The cele
brated land case of Wormuth versa 3 Gard
ner, involving the title to forty odd acres
of valuaDle land in Mill Valley, was taken
up yesterday in the Superior Court oi
MarinCounty before JudgeF.M.Angellotti.
The litigation over the property is part of
the history of the county and extends over
a period of seventeen years. Both the
plaintiff and defendant are men of promi
nence and considerable means and have
lived in the county sine- the years wtien
railroads had not yet oeen built in Marin.
The property is situated on the county
road which runs into Mill Valley and
Blitnedale and adjoins the vast estate of
the Boyles and Lytords.
In 1880 Jacob Gardner claimed the prop
erty, which he asaerted He had purchased
from the Throckmorton estate, which
consisted of all the property from Sausa
mo to Bolinas, including Mill Valley.
Wormuth, on the other hand, produced
a United States patent entitling him to
tne full control of the land. Then the
matter went through the United States
Land Office and finally reached tne In
terior Department, the decision being in
favor of Wormuth.
The dispute was then taken into the Su
perior Court and was twice given a hear
ing. Yesterday it came up for the third
time in the Superior Court.
The disputed property in Mill Valley
has greatly increased in value and now
commands about $500 per acre.
aiAsroßo COTILLON.
Sophomores Will Make Their Annual
< last Event*a Success.
STANFORD UNIVERBITY. Cal., Feb.
13.— The sophomore cotillon to be given
next Friday night promises to be a bril
liant success. It will be the tirst social
event of the year and the members of the
class of '99 evidently intend to have it re
flect credit on the class as a whole.
H. R. Plate (chairman). J. H. Crlppen,
Charles E. Schwartz, H. W. Durrell, R. E.
Smith, Ralph Arnold, Miss Marie Mark
ham and Miss Rose Johnson compose the
committee on arrangements. W. P. Mc-
Intosh (chairman), W. C. Morrow, L. W.
Young, Miss Marie Markham, Miss Mary
E. Merritt and Miss M. D. Brunton will
act on the reception committee. A com
mittee on decorations will be appointed
later.
Yang's orchestra will supply music
Refreshments will ba served by a San
Francisco caterer. The dance programme
will consist of waltzes and two-steps alter
nating. The cotillon will take place at 11
o'clock. Dancing, however, will com
mence shortly after 8 o'clock.
SMJTBS CJJtION GOZD.
Ltdgn Discovered by Prospector* From
Santa Barbara.
BANTA BARBARA, Cal., Feb. 13.—
Undertaker Emigh of this city has found
a gold mine in Smiths Canyon. For sev
eral months past two experienced miners
have been prospecting in that neighbor
hood and supposed six weeks ago that
they had struck the main lode. After
their report went out Mr. Emigh and
some friends began prospecting in the
canyon. Lately he sent specimens, the
results of their search, to Los Angeles to
be assayed. Yesterday he got the assay
er's certificate, announcing the quartz to
be worth $22 a ton. Since then a canvas
city has arisen in the canyon that bids
fair to outrival Randsburg.
Smitns Canyon is eleven miles from
Santa Barbara, two miles from La Patera
station, on the Southern Pacific Railroad,
and adjoins the ranch of Herman P.
Stowe.
self; you will find that is also true. Joy's
Vegetable Sarsaparilla is laxative. You
know this after the second day.
Then the three eood reasons for you to
take the native remedy are that it ia vege-
table, laxative and brings out no pimples.
These things being true, when you ask
for Joy's see that you get Joy's; don't
allow any one to persuade you to take other
than the native remedy. There are siill
a few druggists who try to substitute be-
cause they don't want the native remedy to
succeed. Whatever is native is sure to be
descried by these druggists. Watch
them.
K 1 V-Ii
A WASTING DISORDER WILL SOON BAP
the life out of every man and leave him •
complete wreck. No mau can afford to allow him.
self to continue to waste away. He must stop It, " %
and stop it quickly. J ■' .'- - 1 \ *
Wasting diseases are due to abases. A man who
has declined Is a man who has stayed up all night,
used too much liquor, or abused himself Id some
other way. No matter what form of abuse yon
subject your body to, the penalty will have to be
paid. Perhaps you are now suffering from a dis-
order which has been brought about by your own
folly. You wish It cured. What would you dor
Would you be willing to have the advice of tea
thousand people on the Pacific Coast, If those peo- .
ple had (tone the same road ? Certainly. ! Then
yon will find the great lludyan treatment -. the
proper treatment for you. Why ? you ask. , An-
swer— Because "Hudyan" has been before the
public for many years,' and has cured Invariably.
Hugo stacks of testimonials can be road by any
one. "Hudyan" cures falling manhood, .nervous
disorders, melancholia, drains, losses, loss of vim,
nervous debility, prematurity, lmpotency, sper-
matorrhoea,' bashfulness and the disorders and
disabilities of man. Consult the Hudson Doctors
tree, or write for circulars and testimonials.
on nAv piidc Flrsti ' secondary and
OU'LJHI IIUnC tertiary forms of blood
Qfl nflV PIIDC dlBOrdarB *'• manifested
uU'UMT uUnC, by copper-colored spots,
on nAv piidc Aching skin, irritated,
uUuAY LfUilt dry. parohed throat, and
QnjTIAV PIIDC badblOOd * Whan m tins
OU'Unl uUtIL condition you must act
On lIAV PIIDC Promptly. The beat to
lOU UHI UUilt do Is the sure 80-day
30-DAY CURE 4T c "" >r *?"""
30-DAY CURE CIRCULARS.
'.■;._ '■••'
Hudson Medical Institute
Stockton, Market and Kills Sts.,
SAN FRANCISCO, CAL.
THE ,
WEEKLY
v'j'Ai I I
I 1 It Publishes the Cream of th«
News of the Week and
MANY ATTRACTIVE AND
ORIGINAL FEATURES.
IT IS THE BEST WBBRLY
PAPER ON TUB
PACIFIC COAST
Always Republican, but Always
Fair and Impartial in Its
Rendering of the Po-
litical News.
It's the Paper to &nd East If
You Want to Advertise
. California. '
°\ The Best \ /Mining
oc Telegraphic \X News That
oc Service on /N. Is Accurate
gj The Coast / . \& up to data
i°\ Not a Line of it Sensational
i°\ or Faky, and Not a Line of
°\ it Dry or Uninteresting.
©(
°) A PAPER FOR THE COUNTRY FIRESIDL
o
©< ZH__«_______
*J Bright, Clean. A Champion of
O( Thoughtful. Truth.
OC A CALIFORNIA NEWSPAPER
tJ ALL THE TIME.
! °) IT ADVOCATES SENT BY
OC HOME MAIL, $1.50
cJ INDUSTRIES A YEAR.
o[ THE CALL SPEAKS FOR All
Colchester's £n«IUh Dlam«Bd Brand.
ENHYROYAL PILLS
P --^~-v Oristnal «id Only •«imln . *
j-jF9k&- •*'«• «Iw»7« re!i»bl«. laoics uk /S\
AJIWSxk. DrauUt If CkicWttf Jfn«lu» Dta£fl\
fc^'ttfcjrl^cV mend Brand la Itrd led Old tnt t»llle\XJW
*tv^-S<«33b«iM. «cal»l with bin* ribbon. T»k« Xsy ■
TM CvJau othrr. Jtt/ui4 dangrrmtt rubstitf V
I / * H<mt md «(«lu»i. >iDro M Ut«. t/^ji.
I W JJf Id itampr tor j «rilc\>.i».-«. ie*umcsi«l. ,
V V D " BdleT fbrt«4le«,"<n I«Cc, fc y re t ■ lit
Jk I? M»IL iO.OOO T»tlaoolsl.. NamlV£!£k
— fCklth Ntw CkenioAl Ca.,Madl. oa •*-
JRbW >n l to 5 d»y..^ « hues, n n n a t u r a 1 dis^
Egm QauvufA charges, or any inflimma^
g-4rr«« o « comagloo. tion of wuSoUs m/m-
-: f7»%THEEy<NB ChemichCo. ortneg. Non-a«tring<«n'.
, IfIfI&CINCINNATI.O HHB Sold b 7 l>rar»l»t=.
■^«K>W. 0-8. A. >gsrP r a «nt in plain wnppsr.
I^B^lV n - s - *• A mZ T Bent in P'»'n wrpp?-,MYSTIC SHRINERS
AT SACRAMENTO
Tribes Gather From Sev
eral Cities to Greet
New Members.
Thirty-Six Thirsting Pilgrims
Tread With Bare Feet the
Blazing Sands.
Af.er the Jourtry They F ast in the
Shades of a Hospitable
Temple.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Feb. 13.— With
clashing cymbals and the blare of trum
pets, eac.j man bearing a curved scime
tar and adorned with the gorgeous red
fez, a caravan of 200 Nobles of the Mystic
Snrine, Islam Temple, arrived at the oasis
of Sacramento this evening from the far
away desert of San Francisco. They were
met on their entrance by the brethren of
the local tribe, who escorted them to the
cool shades 01 the Golden Eagle hostelry,
where a bounteous feast ot camel's flesh,
jo ai's milk and dates awaited the weary
toilers over the desert sands.
Nor were these the only tribesmen who
had hurried to this oasis for the so'e pur
pose of escorting the neophytes on their
pilgrimage lo M« cca. Car-on, Reno,
Truckee and numerous other localities
contributed their quota, until the streets
were lined with ihe wearers of the fez, and
the cry of the tribes could be heard on
every hand.
Laer in the evening the brethren gath
ered at the Temple and lent a helping
hand to thirtr-six longing and thirsting
pilgrims, who — earnest seekers alter the
true liirh; — were ready and willing to ex
piate the r s'.ns by treading with bare feet
the blazinu sands and climbing on bend
ing knee- t c lefty pyramMs; while in
the far distance the siitnl Sphinx smiled
at their agony and fear.
Nor were the neophytes made to suffer
for their s;:;< i ceo ding to ancient usage-?;
for it was promised that modern electric
appliances, threshing machines, instru
ments of torture, bucking camels, fa'gin
ing elephants and other bric-a-brac were
on hand with which to administer to
their desires; and the pass- word was
"Gawmoo'l-queeyamah," which being in
terpreted, meanetn, "Remember the day
of standing up."
At the end of tbe journey, the weary
pilcrims gathered at the t-brine, the wine
bags and bread skins were brought forth,
and wi'h mi'k hon»y, dates an 1 salt the
brethren forgot their trials and dangers in
tbe feaj-t.
The San Francisco shriners who at
tended were: \V. W. Martin, J. J. Meiggs,
W. T. Hamilton, E. O. Baldwin, T. Olm
stead, C. C. Field. T. H. Day. C. C. Patton,
V. D. Duhoce. C. ?. Benedict, J. C. Camp
bpll. Geor&e A. Clark, T. B >ett:cber, O. J.
Huested. J. H. Cu'.ver, P. Burnham, A. V.
Lancaster. M. G. S'rong, H W. Furman,
A. KendaJl, J. P. Fraiz-r. M G. Brown,
H. J. Burns, H. R Bobbins, S. J. riandv,
Tboma~ M<t;o i. C. H Cassaaa, t barles
Bliss, T Minns Kyle. S. D Mayer. E. D. K.
Town-end, R. p. Savers, Hi- "ry Kingdom,
Thomas Kirfcpatrick. J. H. Grny. S. Lent,
A. M. B*i«iwin, J. McAllister. R. B. Moor*-,
G. E. de Goiia, G. F. Ames. B. M. New
comb, R. \V. Payne, John Harpst, J. C.
Bull, W. S. Mos-«, G. K. Node, W. E.
La z, J. J.. McS a leriy, C. W. Bennett,
R.P.We. land, E. fcevier, I. M. Carlan,
T. P. Connn'lv. J. J. Smith, William
Bridges, C. H. Morpby. W. C, Welch, C.
V. Manner, M. Jutin-'or., R. P. Hurlburt,
A. Douci, Dr. Decker. J. O. EdmimU'on
J. E. Boyce, W. N. Brunt, C. A. Warren,
A. Deguive, .T. Martin, Martiri Jones, E
L. Price, J. War! Martin, H.W.Westphal
W. C. Campb»ll. A. R. Wells, G. S. Bacon
Louis Glass, G. E. Dow, E. W. Cruhn, R.
J. Yoornei*. Robert Ash, L. A. Spitzer, J.
Giilson, T. V. Harris.
ELOPE FROM LOS ANGELES.
Hon. Thomas 0. Uott's Son Weds Miss
Marguerite Hupp at
Santa Ana.
LOS ANGELES. Cal., Feb. 13.— «-Ah
me! For aught that 1 could ever read,
could ever hear by tale or history, the
course of true love never did run smooth."
So says the Bard of Avon, and to-day one
more experience swells the ever increasing
list of illustrations that prove the veracity
of his claim.
Stephen Mott is the son rf Hon. Thom;is
D. Moti. formerly City Clerk of Los Ange
les and later a member of the State Legis
lature. Mr. Mott wooed and won Miss
Marguerite Hupp, a beautiful and exceed
ingly vivacious young lady, well known
here and in Ban Francisco. The wooing
Jailed to meet with the approval of the
young man's parents, so to-day Mr. Mott
procured a marriage license, went to Santa
Ana and was united to the object of his
choice by a Justice of the Peace.
The marriage register gives the age of
the young man as 21 and that of the bride
as 18, tbougli persons who ought to know
assert that they are both under age.
When interviewed late this afternoon,
Mrs. T. D. Mott, the mother of the yountr
man. stated she had nothing to say in re
gard to her son's marnaee. She had ob
tained her first information in regard to
the ceremony from the newspaper re
ports. Mr. Molt Sr., who is well known
a3 a politician and property-owner, wa*'
very angry when seen this evening, and
declared most emphatically that tbe mar
riage had not and never would have the
stamp of his approval.
■ +
f.non.rri reused of Fraud.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Feb. 13.— United
States Circuit Judge Wellborn this after
noon issued an injunction restraining J.
W. Wilson, editor of a monthly paper in
Chicago, and his associate H. p Sweet
directors of the Big Rock Creek Irrigation
Company, from issuing $300,000 worth of
bonds fraudulently; lesiraimng the di
rectors of the district from wrongfully
appropriating funds of the district, an l
partially restraining' Sweet and Wilson
from sending a wrongful issue of bonds
out of the State. It is claimed Wilson
and others are accused of having dis
posed of United States land to settlers.
Strike of Fnraflinm Oil.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Feb. 13—Infor
mation received from Placerto Canon,
seven miles above Newhail. give details
of a valuable strike of paraffine oil by two
prospectors. The men were sinking a
shaft for pold. Out were driven out by a
suj.pos-d flow of water. They returned
and found the fluid to be oil.
Zinm /ftifj'l" Cuban Symp ithimert.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Feb. 13. -Mayor
Snyder, in response to a request from the
president of the Cuban League of Amer
ica, was engaged this afternoon in pre
paring a list of twenty prominent citizens
who will be asked to organize in this city
8 branch of the league.
+
Snerammto'* Dfungui lied Guest:
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Feb. 13 —
Madame Wilfred Laurier, wife of the
Premier of Canada, accompanied by Dr.
Übald Laurier and M. Henri Laurier,
brothers of the Premier, and the r wives,
arrived in Sacramento frt n ay in the
Canadian Government's private car Cum
berland. Aft<r visiting ail i lie points of
interest throughout the city and watch
ing tne Legislators «t their labors they
left this evening for Salt Lake City.
SAN JOSE'S NORMAL SCHOOL
Class of Forty Students to Be Graduated
in June — N-ed of a State
Appropriation.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Feb. 13.— The semi
annual session of the Board of Trustees
of the State Normal School was held here
this afternoon. The report of Principal
A. H. Ranaall showed that ihe year opened
witn 716 students, of which 412 were old
students, 155 were admitted on examina
tion and otherwise and 149 were in the
training department.
A class of twenty-one was graduated on
November 6, 1896, and the graduation ex
ercises ol a caas of lifty-five were held on
January 29. The dipiom-.s for this class
were signed by the members of tne board
and arrangements were made so that a
class of lorty who will be graduated on
June 24 next will be presented with their
diplomas upon the day that the exercises
oi graduation are held.
Miss Keiecca F. English, one of the
teachers in the training department, was
granted a leave oi absence for a year and
Miss Caroline L. Fiedler was elected to
the temporary vacancy.
A motion was passed directing the
chairman to appoint a committee of three
to uraf. rules and regulations for the
board, a report to be presented at the an
nual meeting of the board in June next.
The necessity for the improvement and
cultivation of the grounds of the school
was diseased, but as there was little or
no money in the fund no action was
taken, pending the faie of the $9000 ap
propriation bill that is now being consid
ered in the Legislature. Fears were ex
pressed ttiat the $3JOO desiied for repiping
the grounds migtii be stricken out. Prin
cipal Randall was advised, in case it was
deemed necessary, to appear before the
Legislature and urge the necessity of the
appropriation. Tne board then adjourned
till the regular annual meeting in June.
S.ty JOSE BL:.(iLA.K CAV&HT.
It Only 18 tear* Old, but a fettran in
Crime.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Feb. 13.— William
Downing, who was arrested early this
mornins by C'hiel Kidward for entering a
room in the Tyburst lodning-house at 37
East Santa Clara street, was arraigned be
fore Justice Gass t his morning on a charge
oi burglary. When captured Downing
had a suit of clothes, a revolver, a .lamond
pin and a pair of opera-glasses in bis pos
session. These he ut»d taken from tbe
room of L. A. Tyhurst. His examination
was set for February 17. Iv default of
$1000 bail ho was committei to the custody
of the Sheriff.
Downing is only 18 years of age, but is
thoroughly incorrigible. He was commit
ted to tbe Whit tier Reform School about
tive years ago from Santa Barbara, bai es
caped after seiving four years. Hi* lather
.it present is running a merry-go-round in
East San Jose.
tleheller for a Judgeahip.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Feb. 13— The Demo
cratic County Central Comuiiitee last
evening adopted resolutions favoring the
appointment of Victor A. Scheller as Su
perior Judce, should the bill now before
the Legislature to create a trnni depart
ment of tbe Superior Court in iiiis county
become a Jaw. Jackson Haich and
Nicholas Bowden are also mentioned as
Democrats who are worthy of recognition
by ibe Governor. The resolutions were
j'.rwarded to Governor Budd to-day.
Eleven out of the fourteen members of
the committee were present at tbe meet
ing.
Snelling Hor»rthi*f .4rre*(eii,
SAN JOSE. Cal., Feb. 13.— Rafael F r
ries, who is wanted In Mtrced County on
a charge of grand larceny, was arrested at
t tie home of his mother-in-law, Mrs.
Sanchez, at t>9 Montgomery street, by De
tective Anderson and Officer Haley, this
morning. Ferries stole three horses ami
two mules from a rancher at Snelling.
He disposed ol the «-tock aiong tbe route.
The accused will be taken to Merced to
morrow by Constable Latour.
iSucfrf'U Death at tiilroy.
GILROY, Cal., Feb. 13.— E. T. Archer,
an old resident of Gilroy, dropped deau
yesterday morning near this place from
Heart disease. The deceased was a native
of Missouri, nged 71 year?. He had been
a resident of Gilroy for the past twent\
years and was encaged in the poultry
business. At the time of his death he
was eng-tged in a <lisoute with some gyp
sies over the latter' s horses grazing on the
street, and it is believed that his ancer
and the excitement were the primary
cause of his death.
lORILAM* MAX'S WISHFAI.I..
ITeir to E'talfn «» Scotland Valued at
$100,000.
PORTLAND, Ok.. Feb. 12. —John
Duthie, head contractor of Government
torpedo boats at Wolf & Zwickers, has
just received the welcome news that he i?
li(» heir to estates in Scotland worth
$100,000. The property descended from
relatives of the famiiy of his m ther near
Dundee, whose name was Mason.
A Dundee law firm has been advertising
in a number of American newspapers for
heirs of Isabella Mason Duthi •■, and John
Duthie, the oldest surviving son, was
traced from Bristol, R. 1., to Portland.
The fortune is entirely a surprise to th
family. Duthie is one of the first boat
constructors in the country, having built
ihe first Curbing torpedo-boat in this
cuntry and al»o having built theVigilhnt
and Defender.
HEATH AT S NTA CRVZ.
Pa.tsina of L,. B. A ti, tin, one of Cnli
fornin'm firitt Settlor:
SANTA CRUZ. Cal., Feb. 13.— L. B.
Austin, who was the sergeant-at-arms of
California's first State Legislature, died at
his home in this city to-day, aged 78.
Mr. Austin was born in Addison County,
Vermont. He crossed the plains in 1849
and resided in Nevada County until 1868,
afterward removing to Hollister and
Monterey. For the past twenty years he
had hvd ai Santa Cruz. Several years
aeo Mr. Austin retired from active busi
ness, because of poor health. The body
will be interred at Hollister, where a
brother, G. W. Austin, resides.
rrimner Enenpfm at liurUwjam*.
REDWOOD CITY, Cal., Feb. 13.-Con
stabie De irello of South San Francisco
was escorting two culprits from that place
to the County Jail at Redwood City yes
terday. As the train neared Burlingame
one of tie men asked permission to go
into the lavatory of the car. His request
was granted, and as tne car pulled out
from the station tbe prisoner dropped out
ot tbe window and made his escape across
the fields. To pursue him meant to lo^e
the one in tne Constable's possession, bo
lie was allowed to go unmolested. H
has not been recaptured.
Beautifying Lob Union street*.
LOS GATOS. Cal., Feb. 13 — Tne local
improvement society has be un the beau
tifying of the town by planting trees and
fhrubhery along the principal streets.
Palms will be set out in iront of the
schools and all the churcnes. J. J. Suiii
van, a public-spirited cit zeii, will plant
hity palm trees on University avenue and
the society will set out twenty on Taylor
street and sixty on Santa Clara Btreet.
Ten palms will alv) decorate the plaza on
Glen Ridge. Other streets will also be
improved.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 14, 1897.
CLOTHING ARTICLES WILL BE SACRIFICED
Summerfhld and Roman Consoli
date Their Business
Interests.
The Stock of Two Big Stores Crowded
Under the Roof oi One Estab
l.shmedt.
One of the most important event* into*
READY TO BUILD
TOWARD HANFORD
Grading on the Valley-
Road Extension Begins
To- Morrow.
Rights of Way Procured Along
the Route Selected by the
Surveyors.
Three Property-Owners Oppose the
Advance of the Line Over the
Reedley Survey.
FRESNO, Cal.. Feb. 13.— J. M. Cory,
Alex Gordon and A. E. Smith, tbe arbi
tration board selected to settle the
difference between the Valley lioad Com
pany and Frank H. Bal. over the right of
way through the latter's vineyard south
of town, met to-day, and after several
hours of deliberation awarded Mr. Ball
$4000 for the land to be taken by the rail
road, including damages for tbe passing
of the road in front of his residence. Ac
cording to tbe articles of arbitration there
is no appeal from this decision. The set
tlement of the difficulty witn Mr. Ball
leaves ihe right of way between Fresno
and Hanford clear, and tbe company can
now proceed with track-building without
any outside hindrance. The grading will
begin on Monday.
The sum allowed Mr. Ball is a good,
round one for the small piece of land he
will part with, bnt the damaees that he
will sustain amount to considerable. The
railroad will pass along the end of his
vineyard facing the avenue and immedi
ately in front of his residence. During
his residence there Mr. Ball has made
some fine improvements in the way of
planting trees and shrubbery, and these
will be ruined.
The officials of the Valley road — Robert
Watt, the vice-president; Captain A. H.
Payson, the director, and Chief Engineer
W. B. Story Jr. — who came down from
San Francisco on Friday evening, re
mained here all day and will return home
on the Southern Pacific to-raorrow morn
ing. They spent the day in lookine over
a few important engineering difficulties
south of the city and in conferring with
property-owners along the Reedley route.
Ou this line settlements for rights of
way have practically been effected with
all but three property-owners, and these
are considered bo unreasonable that con
demnation suits will have to be brought
ugainst them — a policy which tbe railroad
company has now instituted as a last re
s >urce. Tbe papers for the suits are be
niK prepared by the attorneys and will be
Hied in ;i few days. The three persons
wno are i.u'ding out for prices consid
ered unreasonable by the company are:
W. 8. Kendell of Sacramento, I. J. Tru
man ot San Francisco and the Smilie
Bros. (Robert and A, J.) of Oakland.
Their lands are situated near together,
about eighteen miles southeast of this
city at.d about four miles south of Sanger.
The railway company desires a strip
about a third of a mile in length through
Mr. Kendell'a place, embracing about four
acres. For this the owner demands $2000,
or $500 an acre. It is assessed at $27 50 an
acre. The company considers $250 a goo i
valuation and is willing to pay this. Mr.
Kendell wants $1750 more, however, and
clothing world that has taken place for
some time oast is the consolidation of the
business interests of H. Bummerneld and
J. H. Roman under the firm name of
Summernei'3 «fe Roman at the corner of
Fifth and Market streets. This move
means the inauguration of a monstrous
sale of the stock of two tremendous stores
under the roof of one establishment,
which commences to-morrow.
Mr. Sunimerfield, who for the past de
the Valley road people have retused to en
tertain his proposition. They have no
other course to pursue but appeal to the
courts.
Mr. Ken. I ell was formerly a bunker in
Sacramento, and is quite wealthy. His
attempt at what is considered a '"hold-U""
of the railroad is not viewed favorably by
the people along the line who could" not
so well afford to be liberal toward the
competing road.
The Smihe Brothers appear stil! more
unreasonab c. They were the contractors
for the additions to Fresno County's
Courthouse, and the Fresnoites feel tbßt
theycouid well afford to encourage the
railroad, which means so much to them
and to tbe people of the county, from
whom they secured no small amount of
money. The contracting firm owns a
larj:e tract of land and the survey of the
Valley road eoes throueh it for the dis
tance of about a mile. Ths area of land
the strip embraces is in the neighborhood
of thirteen acres. For this $5000 in cash,
improvements along the right of way,
which will coit aDout $7000, and a haif
interast in a townsite in the vicinity are
a^ked.
It nppears that Robert Srailie has acted
somewhat strangely in tbe matter. Wh- n
tbe procunne of n«bt of way between
tbis city and Reedley was first taken up,
be said that he and bis brother would do
nate the strip of land to the new road.
He even went so far as to uree other
property-owners aloni* the line to do the
same, and took particular occasion to an
nounce his own liberality. But when the
lime came for making the deed, and after
the company had secured deeds for nearly
all of tbe right of way, Mr. Smilie changed
bis mind and wanted excellent pay for
nis land.
I. J. Truman wants $500 for about four
acres of land, which his tenant and agent
say is not worth more thau $200. Th* land
is assessed at $25 an acre. The railroad
company believes that tbe three acres are
not worth more than a third of what is
asked for them.
ODER A.\ IDAHO A.VA.LASCHE.
Cotnminaionrr Butler of Eltnorc County
Jlur'.rd to Hi* Death.
BOISE, Idaho, Feb. 13— Mountain
snowslides nave claimed another victim
on the road between Rocky Bar and At
lanta. George E. Butler, a Commissioner
of Elmore County, was on his way home
from a meeting of the board. He left
Rocity Baron snowsboes and has not been
seen since. His trail was followed to tbe
edjxe of the great avalanche and there all
trace was lost. I'- is bupposed be was
overtaken by the slide and swept down to
death.
William Tate, a mall carrier, made the
trip In the opposite direction tbe same
day. When at a point near where tbe
slide occurred, he heard the thunder of
tbe avalanche and narrowly escaped being
carried away. When it was safe to move
on he crossed the track of the slide and
whs alarmed to find a fresh snowshoe
trail. He hurried on to Ro fey Bar and
gave the alarm, meeting some men on the
road who informed him ibat Butler bad
made the trail lie bad seen. At last ac
counts the boay had not been recovered.
Ihe Comut at Ban Diego.
SAN DIEGO. Cal., Feb. 13.— H. M. R.
Coraus, Captain Dyke, arrived to-day ten
days from Acapulco and bound for
Esquimalr. It will probably rein am un
lil after The water carnival. The United
States battle-ship Oregon left Acapulco
on February and is supposed to be slowly
steaming up the coast.
Seattle ttnbeztlern's flight.
SEATTLE, Wabh., Feb. 13. — Eugene
Fischer, for many years collector for th •
Seattle Brewing and Mailing Company, is
missing with a shortage in his accounts.
His defalcation is said to be in the neigh
borhood of $5000. He is German, about
thirty-aeveu years of age, and has a wife
and two children in this city.
I.ltictn Vitta Colonittt.
SAN DIEGO, Cal., Feb. 13.—Represen
tatives of a syndicate of Chicago and St.
Louis capitalists have purchased six
teen hundred acres of land in Linda
Vista, adjoining this city, for $50,000.
They have subdivided the tract and will
colonize it immediately.
cade has been located in the Baldwin
Hotel block, has removed th*> stock of that
establishment to the large and handsome
store of his present partner, H. Roman,
which amounts to the crowding of the
stock of two of the biggest clothing and
furnishing goods houses in the State into
one.
Had the emergencies which promoted
the consolidation of these two merchants
been foreseen it is needless to state that
no such extensive and varied a line of
clothing articles would have found its way
into any one establishment.
In order, therefore, to facilitate the dis
posal of the stock that overcrowds the
CUTTER GOLDEN
GATE LAUNCHED
Seattle Takes a Holiday and
Hundreds Witness the
Descent.
Stand in the Chilling Wind for
Hours Waitin? for the Word
to Be Given.
The New V-ssel Designed for Revc
cue Da y In San Francisco
Harbor.
SEATTLE, Wash., Feb. 13.— Four thou
sand people witnessed the launching of
the steel Government boarding- boat
Golden Gate at the Moran Ship-building
Yards to-day. Tbe people made it a noli
day and turned out in great force, every
point of vantage and some that were not
points of vantage being occupied. When
the appointed hour drew near, standing
room was not to be had within the yards
nor alone tne sip leading to the deep
water. Tbe morning was cold and raw,
and the crowd shivered and stood with
chattering teeth, but few were willing to
forego the pleasure of seeing the launch
to peek relief by some glowine radiator.
The minute for tbe launching bad
been announced as 8:15 o'clock. Neither
the Morans nor any one else on earth
could control the tides. They took the tide
books as a guide, but alas ! tbe books were
wrong and the crowd was kept waiting
until noon. Atone minute past 12 o'clock
the Golden Gate, like a duck on tbe win;;,
took her course down toward her native
element. Two m nutes later tbe great
crowd was in motion toward the exit, and
immediately thereafter the yards wore
t heir accustomed appearance, as if noth
ing unusual had happened.
Judging from the vast coriteourse of peo
ple, the launching of the Golden Gbtewas
one of the most important events of lat
ter-day history of Seattle. Long before
ihe time set people were wemiing their
way out to the tide flats, where the ship
building yards are located, and were pre
senting their invitation cards at the office
of the Morans and being passed through
the doors. A crush was expec;ea, but not
so great a one as the reality proved to be.
It was not long before the improvised
seats an ' grand stand were overflowing.
A reception committee had been selected
to receive the more distinguished ones,
bin two or three such committees would
have utterly failed in an attempt to prop
erly act oat their parts.
Every preparation nad been nude to
have the Golden Gate take the water on
time to the minute. The ways, which
were substantially laid, had been copi
ously smeared with greese and beaswaz;
an immense hawser had been made fast
about the steamer from stem to stern and
wnh one end coUed at the water's edge so
thai it would piay out gradually as the
Vt-ssel moved out into derp water. A few
props were left, as if holding the craft
upon a lever, while the small rope holding
up the two heavy weiehts like pendulums
was in its place, and the never-to-be omit
ted bottle of wine, bedecked in the colors
of the American flag, hung over t.e bows.
The minute arrived, but the Golden
Gate did not move out. The tide was not
right. The great crowd, augmenting very
fast at this time, soon became aware of
store at Fifth and Market streets, com
mencing to-morrow, there will be held
there a perfect revelation sale in the line
of clothing and furnishing goods as re
gards prices which have been slashed, it
would appear, regardless of the real value
of the articles, which are high class and of
the finest quality throughout.
Summertield & Roman propose to be
known in future as the leading clothiers
not alone of this City, but of the Pacific
Coast, and in consequence will offer to
the public such rare inducements in their
line, both in price and quality of articles,
as to warrant this belief.
la consequence of the big sale that
the cause of the detention, and it was
soon noised about that 11:40 o'clock had
been announced as the probable moment
or cutting the small rope, in the mean
time the First Regiment band had been
discoursing some of its choicest numbers
trom a specially arranged platform near
by. The band occupied the attention of
the crowd for more than three full hours,
and played a score of pieces during the
interim. It was decidedly chilly, and the
musicians, wnen not playing, had enough
to do to keep the blood circulating prop
erly through their veins.
Whon 11:40 o'clock arrived Robert
Mcran and Manager McMurtrie de
scended the ways to the water and made
a careful inspection. The tide a short
time previous; y lacked about three feet of
being as high as they expected it would
be, but the decision of the examination of
the gauge was that the attempt at least be
made.
A dozen machinists and shipwrights
took stations aboard the Golden Gate to
be in readiness for any emergency. The
ship-carpenters, when the order was given,
jumped below with mallets and the merry
sound of knocking on the blocks and
wedges announced to tne crowd that the
time for the attempt bad come.
Twelve o'clock came and several big
whistles announced the hour. The crowd
set up a yell.
One minute past 12 o'clock and "There
she goes !' came from hundreds of throats.
Miss Henrira Augusta Munger, daughter
of Captain F. M. Munger, United States
revenue service and Government in
spector on detail of the GolJen Gate, had
cut the small cord, the weights had fallen
into their resting-place, the champ: gne
bottle crashed and the Golden Gate
moved toward the water. At first with a
motion scarcely perceptible, then faster
and with a grand rusb, fanning the wind
and next the water, the vessel took her
plunge and came up bounding like a rub
ber bali.
ARRAIGNED AT BAKERSFIELD.
Preliminary Examination of Ed Willow,
the Slayer of the Notorious Percy
Doug/as.
BAKEIISFIELD, Cal., Feb. 13.— The
examination of E i Willow on the charge
of murdering Percy Douglas here on the
evening of January 29 took place to-day
before Justice Fox. About a dozen wit
nesses were examined. Several testified
that they bad heard Douglas threaten
diro injury to Willow, and that he "would
fix him" when the occasion arrived.
Some of these threats were heard a few
hours before the killine. The case closed
with Willow's statement, and the court
'postponed its decision until next Wednes
day afternoon.
•"'1 had not been in Annie Hicks' room,
in the Attjletic building, long,' : said Wil
low, "until Annie screamed and said,
'There comes Percy.' I went to the door
and said. 'Don't come in here.' Percy
jumped back and started to draw nia re
volver. He got it about half out, I think,
and then I fired. I then went to the
kitchen and told Annie to light tbe lamp.
At this time my dog came up with Doug
las' hat. 1 looked into the hall and saw
Douglas lying there. I halloed out for
some one to co for a doctor. After this I
took Miss Hicks do- n to the Palm Gar
den.
"I bad been told by several that Douglas
was af ler me, I bought the shotgun a few
days before the killing — about the time
Douslas drew a pistol on Officer Oswald.
I bouerbt it to protect myself. Last April
Jake F. Laitz told me Percy had threaten
ed me, and that created much uneasiness
in my mind."
"You don't suppose that Percy Douglas
wanted to shoot you?" asked the prose
cution.
"I certainly did."
"If you were innocent why did you
refuse to make a statement to the report
er* immediately after the shooting when
asked?" questioned John Douglas, brother
of the deceased.
"I was advised not to by my attorney."
San Diego PopuliMt Momiigrt.
SAN DIEGO, Cal., Feb. 13.— The Mid
dle-of-the-Road Populist convention to
day nominated Judge A. C. Mousor for
Mayor." A. straight municipal ticket Wai
named.
starts to-morrow, it will not be surprising
to see long lines of peouie awaiting
admission to the big store at the corner of
Fifth and Market streets, each clamoring
for admission and each more eager thau
the other to take advantage of an oppor
tunity that seldom presents itself for the
purchase of some article in wearing
apparel at less than wholesale prices.
Bullets made of precious stones are rari
ties in warfare. Bnt during the S^hting
on the Kashmir frontier, when the British
troops defeated the rebellious Hunzas, ihe
natives used Bullets of garnets encased in
lead. The British preserved many at cu
riosities.
WOOED A WIDOW
FOR HER WEALTH
One of the Smith Family-
Practices Fraud in
Los Angeles.
Swindles a Gray-Haired Woman
Who Accepted His Proposal
of Marriage.
Her Home Mortgaged to Meet the
Young Mm's R quest for a
Small Loan.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Feb. 13.— Th«
susceptibility of the occasional widow,
especially if she be advanced in years, to
the wiles of the male adventurer has been
strikingly exemplified here in tbe case of
Mrs. Harriet B. Stanley and a scapegoat
by the wild, weird name ot Smith. If the
story related by this white-haired dame of
60 can be legally substantiated she has
been the victim of one of the "smoothest"
swindles that has yet been investigated
by the authorities.
Mrs. Stanley lives on Pearl street, own
ing the property whereon she resides. A
few months ago Smith called at her house.
He stated that he was a neighbor of Mrs.
Stanley's and made quite a pleasant Im
pression upon the old lady. The ac
quaintanceship thus begun was assidu
ously cultivated by Smith, and every time
he called Mrs. Stanley liked him better.
He told her of his wealthy father and of
his various business venture?, incidentally
referring to the lumber business. One
day he seemed quite sad, and it developed
chat slipping through his tingers was a
chance to go into the lumbe- basines-.
He was short a paltry $300. He proposed
that Mrs. Stanley loan him that amount,
and she readily agreed to do so, taking
his note for tbe sum.
Soon after this transaction bmith pro
fessed the most ardent affection for tie
wealthy widow, concluding with a propo
sal of marriage. Mrs. Stanley told him
that she was old enough to be bis mother,
but he soothingly tola her ihat that "cut
no ice," and that if she would be his bride
age was not a factor in the arrangement.
Smith disclosed to Mrs. Stanley that he
had paid for a cottage all but $700. As
they were so soon to be married, and as
everything he had was hers, it would ce
ment the union to have the place clear of
incumbrance.
Mrs. Stanley mortgaged her Pearl
street residence to give him the $700.
After this Smith deserted his victim
and auit the city. The blow aimost killed
the unsuspecting old lady. She consulted
friends, and toe attention of the authori
ties was called to the case. As a result a
warrant has been issued for Smith's
arrest.
Will tin Planted to Cannlgre.
LOS ANGEL.ES, Cal., Feb. 13.—
Twenty-two thousand acres of land, for
merly belonging to the Semi-Tropic Lind
and Water Company, were to-day trans
ferred by the San Francisco Savings Union
to a company of English capitalists. The
price was over $500,000. Two thousand
acres lie in the Kiaho irrigation district.
One tract, of 2000 acres will be cleared at
once lor planting canaigre.
56
FOX HUNT HAD NO
CHARMS FOR THEM
Ranch Hounds Beaten by
Burlingame's Imported
Pack.
Woulda't Chase Hard Along a
Manufactured Coyote
Trail.
Walter Hcbart's Twenty Dogs Matched
Against Dan Murphy's Coyote
Chasers.
Some California-bred hotrnds were yes
terday pitted against Walter Hobart/s
"Why, a collar like that," said Mr. Murphy, ''would wind any dog."
pack of imported English fox hunters in j
a spirited run across six miles of hilly >
and undulating country to the southward j
of San Mateo and Belmont. A company \
of Burlinsame Club horsemen started !
with the chase and trailed along the
course much according to the ability of !
their horses and the temerity of their '
riders.
It was a fox hunt in name only, but the
twenty English hounds, true to their in
stinct, confidently and with unfailing
zeal pursued a trail over whicfl a flunky
on horseback had dragged a fox-scented
sack an hour before. A coyote skin had
also been trailed along "the proposed
course as a special inducement to the
California hounds, which, though used to
sighting their prey, ran comparatively
well until toward the end of the chase
when they finally refused longer to take
an interest in tne pursuit of an animal of
which they had not even once caught a
glimpse.
The California dogs were from big
ranches. They were coyote-trailers and
fighters by choice and by long experience.
Tnere were six of them, the pick of fifteen
pairs belonging to Dan M. Murphy and to
James Sargent Jr., at their places near
Gilroy, over sixty miles away. Their
owners had brought them to the hunt
confident of their ability and hopeful that
they would be among ths first along the
•cent.
"When the run was ended they were still
sure of ths merit of their coyote fighters,
for they did not consider that the test had
been conclusive where only a manufac
tured trail had been offered. Another
race in the near future will be tne result.
The starting place was near the crossing
of the Fescadero and Crystal Springs
loads in the partiaLy wooded, smooth,
green hills back from San Mateo about
four miles. There the trail began.
There congregated the dozen riders that
would follow the hounds, the few reck
less drivers in buggies that would dash
along the roadways most convenient to
the general course of the chase, and the
few passive spectators that would pee the
start and then return leisurely to Burlin
parue to await tnt» home-coming of the
huntsmen and the bounds in the evening.
Mr. Murphy's black and tan hounds
had been brought to the spot in a wagon.
Mr. Hobart's black and white spotted
English trail followers had as usual with
them come trotting together in a well
behaved and easiiv controlled pack.
They are off ! Walter Hobart, as master
of the hunt and with horn in hand, fol
lows close behind the low baying pack
that with noses near the turf rushes up
over a hillside and disappears.
H. H. Hinshaw, L. McCreary and Cap
tain Wainwright as whips are among the
leaders, too, and near "them gallop Joe
Grant, H. Wheeler, J. Lawson, Mr. Page
and several others, all on light horses,
with docked mane and tail. Mr. Murphy,
in a small cart, is already far along on the
winding road near one point of which the
hunt will pass. After him, with racing
speed, go Mr. and Mrs. E. D. Beylard in
• light little buggy, and others follow.
Dan Murphy waited aimoit breathlessly
near a turn in the road. With his hand
to his ear he listened for the oncoming
pack. From far over a hill, and only
faintly wafted on the late aftemoou
breeze, came a quick, hoarse yelp, along
with similar sounds of less volume.
"Ah, that's my George; I know his
Toicel" impulsively ejaculated Mr. Mur
phy. "I thought he'd be in the lead."
In a moment more a distant bald hilltop
bristled with a lew scurrying figures out
lined against the sky, and then the pack
came straggling aown the long slope, fol
lowed presently by the first of the riders
and later by others that appeared one
after another up over the crest of the hill.
The hounds came nearer and Mr. Mur
phy strained his eyes to discover his black
and-tans among the leaders. Hot on the
trail, the English dogs swept across the
Intervening level space and turned up an
other hillside. Twelve of them had
passed before one of the black-and-tana
came along witn h>3 mate leading the rest
of the pack. Mr. Murphy sighed at the
sight. Some one had i»-f t the big heavy
collars on his dogs. What wonder that
they were not at the very lead?
A halt was called a few moment? amid
snapping of whips and blowing of horns,
and after a short wait the trait was again
taken up. At the next passing place, two
miles beyond, one of the California black
and tans, without his collar, was the lirst
to cross the road, and men his owner watt
satisfied. He felt repaid for the long,
hard, uphill drive he had had past the
gaping crowd at the County Poorhouse,
on past the big dam — one of the sources of
San Francisco's water supply — and up the
winding grade to the summit overlooking
distant B?lmont, that was to be tne end
of the chase.
Some of the horses were tried at ridica
lousiy low prearranged obstacles aloiicrthe
route. The foremost usuahy and quite
fortunately knocked tnem down before
the straggling huntsmen behind could
risk a leap. The ground was, however,
scarcely suited to jumping because oi
the insecure footing, but the day was per
fect for a brisk, exhilarating chase after
the hounds.
"WOVDLEI'' J-OH HALE.
President Cleveland to Dispose of Some
,of Hit Properly.
WASHINGTON, D.-C, Feb. 13.—Presi
dent Cleveland has placed his country
residence, "Woodley," in the hands of a
real estate agent, for sale, and it is said
he has no intention of spending portions
of each winter season here.
A? real estate ha 3 made little advance
in the last few years it is unlinely that Mr.
Cleveland will realize much more from
the sale of Woodley than he gave for it.
His former purchase of a country resi
dence netied aim about $100, 000 and gave
the neighborhood a boom that resulted
in most of the land bciiig quicfciy dis
posed of at nigh profit* to the owners.
With a home in New York City, an
other at Princeton and a summer resi
dence on Buzzards Bay Mr. Cleveland will
be well provided.
Mr. Cleveland's fortune has been vari
ously estimated, but those who have
made tbe most conservative figuring place
it at not more thau $1,000,000.
They Took the High Fences in Superb Style.
His three homes, it is claimed, repre
sent at least $200,000, and be haß other
property which brings his real-estate hold
ings up to $500,000.
During his eight years in the White
House the President has drawn from tbe
Government in salaries $400,000, of which
he is supposed to have saved one-half.
Added to this have bf>e» large fees se
cured during the four years he was out of
office, his profits in real estate and prob
ably $50,000 he had accumulated before
becoming President.
August «< Imont Coming to California.
NEW YORK, N. V., Feb. 13 —The Jour
nal will say to-morrow morning: August
Balmont, head of the banking firm at 32
Nassau street that bears bis name and
one of the forpmost sportsmen of this
or any other country, will leave next
Saturday on a suecial train for Southern
California. Mr. Bplmont has been in ill
health for some months, and his physi
cians accra immediate rest necessary. He
wiil bo accompanied West by his wi«e and
three sons.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 14, 1897.
ROUND UP OF
CHINESE CLUBS
Over Five Hundred China
men Arrested in Gam
bling-Houses.
Fifteen f quads Make Simul
taneous Raids With Sig
nal Success.
Officers Rummage Through the Effects
cf Alleged Sccia' Organiza
tions for Evidence.
The strong arm of 'he law smote China
town with a resounding whack last night.
and in the clutches of its greedy fingers
grasped enough yellow malefactors to
make the cells of the California street sta
tion look like a badly overcrowded
menagerie. The law was represented by
fifty-five sturdy officers selected by Cap
tain Wittman for special adaptability to
the work in hand, and they performed
their duties witn neatness and dispatch.
The special objects of last night's raid
were the incorporated social clubs. These
organizations, under a supposed protec
tion from their charters, nave been carry
ing on tan games and lotteries with im
punity, and the authorities determined to
test the law on the matter. For three
days Captain Wittman has been engaged
in obtaining a list of these places and get
ting out John Doe search warrants.
The exact time of the n>:d was not
known to any but Chief Crowley and Cap
tain Wittman until 9 o'clock last night.
At that hour the officers who hail been in
structed to report to Captain Wittman
were given their details.
It was arranged that exactly at 9:45 each
squad was to enter the place assigned to
it. This programme was carried out to
the letter and the heathens were tuken
completely by surprise.
In many of the places the inmaies man
aged to make away witn the evidences of
gambling, but in several clubs the officers
made big hauls. By 12 o'clock 5 1 0 men
had beeii brought to the police station and
a few score were corralled in their clubs
awaiting the patrol wagons, which had
more than they could attend to.
The places raided and the officers de
tailed to each were as follows:
817 Washington, Sergeant Shea and Officers
Bally, Bunner, Hurd; 823 Washington, Ser
geant Hopper, Officers Peters, Connolly, Mc
laughlin; 824 Washington, three game's, Ser
geaut Ileims, Officers Williams, Long, Thomp
son. Brodt, Carr; SOUK Washington, Offl
lirownlie, Maioney, Owens, Samuels; 802
Clay, Hergt. Christensen, Officers Keys. Nelson.
McGowan ; 812 Jackton, Sergeant Cook, Officers
Joy, Gruuwald and Kerrison; 731 Jackson,
Officers Hook, Pnilllps, Wilson and Doherty;
Gsobe Hotel, Senreant Tobin, Officers Dinan,
Edwards and Tuctiler; 809 Dnpont, Sergeant
Wollweber, Officers F«rrell, Carroll. Lyons,
Lewis; St. Louis Alley and Jackson, Sergeant
Blank. Officers Collen, Young and Ingham:
Waverly place. Sergeant Price, Officers
Snowball, nostetter, Murphy; Ross alley, near
Jackson, two games. Officers Leonard, Bell
Rathfnn, Murphy; Ross alley near Washing
ton. Sergeant Nash, Officers Caples, Brophy
and Kiemmlngr.
Bis Jim's famous gambling-house was
raided, as was the establishment owned
by the late Little Pete, but only flight
evidence of gnmblinji was Jound in each.
DAItIAG 2UJSFT AT LA. GRAADE.
Jewelry and Tfontty to th» Amount of
$1000 Stol-n.
LA GRANDE, Ok., Feb. 13.— A daring
theft, yieidine a substantial quantity of
plunder to the thieves, was committed in
the Hassett home, adjoining the postoffice
building, yesterday. The articles taken
include three diamond rings, a set cf ear
rings, a draft ior $200 and a $20 green
back, all of which belonged to Mrs. Has
sett.
It is not Known exactly when the theft
was committed, out the discovery that a
small Back which contained valuables had
been stolen was made yesterday morning.
A ban of secrecy has* been placed over
the affuir, In the hope that the officers
mig'it di>cove* some clew tnat would lead
to the arrest of the thieves and the recov
ery ol the properly. Tne loss is estimated
at $1000. No trace of the thieves has b?en
found.
Hold JCohhery at Spokane,
SPOKANE, Wash., Feb. 13.— As the
gambling games in the Cceur d'Alene
saloon in this city were preparing for busi
ness at 6:30 o'clock last evening a stranger
quietly picked up the sack containing the
bank for the keno game, stepped to the
door and leaped down the stairs, shout
ing: "Out of the way I" as he went.
lie reached the barroom and went
through it, running into men at every
| step; ran outside the door and disap
peared down an alley. Although the em
ployes of the game were all armed, as were
scores of men who were in the rooms and
saloon, not a weapon wis drawn.
So sudden was the robbery that no one
realized what was going on until the man
bad gone. Neither he nor the bank hare
been seen since There was about $95 in
the sack. It was the boldest robbery ever
perpetrated here.
-^ NEW TO-DAT— DP T GOODS.
I THE NEW
I SILKS
SI For the.spring of 1807 are a
2^l radical change from those
8£: now in vogue. While the fa-
vorite Taffeta, Gros-Grain,
Duchesse and pros de Lon-
Jfcn dres weaves are still popular,
SH they appear 1 dressed up in
~1 new colors, new combina-
;s^ tions and new figures and
designs, which make them
distinctly different from any-
g£r thing shown heretofore. Our
SCI collection of advance styles is
particularly attractive.
i IN BLACK SILKS
u£^: AT r "Tf.C we show a splendid collection of
J^~ O> ' Figured Duchesse. In large floral
j g^~ dpsigns, specially saltabls tot waist-*, skirts
I «►- and full costumes. ■ They ar<* pure silk and
i *^— of a qnallty that would easily command 85c
j 2£J a yard.
1 £**" AT rrcC we show the new effees In Fig-
n I•' ured 'and Brocaded Gros-Uralns
! <*»— and Mitln Do besse, large, medium ana
jjl small designs, such as floral, bouquet, geo-
o— metrical and unconventional patterns Of all
i S^~ sorts. Splendid heavy qualities, same as
! gr; usually sell at $1 a yard.
•—
g— AT (>"|.OO we show the elegant "heavy
»— <3T ( J as a board" qualifies of Gros-
•■— Grains and Satin Duchesse, in the most
j J^ elaborate large scroll, vine, bouquet and
•to— fancy figured designs. Such silks made up
g*~ into skirts would command at least $25
p. apiece. At thl'* same price a magnificent
*»— quality of rich Moire V elours lor jklris.
1 IN COLORED SILKS
«?>— AT rAC we are showing the iver popular
%£Z O\J Komau stripes. In bright colors
» upon black gros-gran grounds, 'lhey will
g~" be much worn for waists.
**— AT HZ.C we are showing all the new two-'
'£*" 4 O tone color effects in taffeta, gros-
jgZZ grain and latin grounds, in the novel ser*
£— pentine fancy fleur tie lis and floral designs.
Ihe prevailing colors are greens, browns,
e»-~ mis, navy, tDrquoise, electrique, vleux
*^— rose, silver rray, etc. The effects are more
S^ than beautiful. v-' ; * v
I S~ AT Ql.oo we are showing chameleon,
m^_ «IP J two-tone and multi-colored
•*-~ rove.ties in the new canvas weaves, gios de
{^~~ Londres, taff t»s and grod-grains. The pat-
a»— terns are refre-thingl.- new and exqulsiielv
g^~ beautiful. The colors are daintily comolned
JfZZ shades, in wbich electrique, emeiald, moss,
•■•— reseda, gold, hello, sliver gray, t»u and rose
tints predominate.
B 0A T SILKS UP TO A DOLLAR A
B YARD WE DISTANCE EVERY-
B BODY. WE HAVE MADE
|^ THEM A FEATURE.
spegials~jFkotions.
j «>— Binding Kibbons, blue, red and gray. sc pee
j 2-. Stockinette fcleeve Shields, No. 3... 10c pair
i 2^ Corduroy Skirt Binding, 2 inches wide,
< rw_ black and all leading colors 6c yard
. S>— Linen Thread, white and ecru, 200-
I «^— yard spools 5c
j ■j^— Whalebone Casings, white and black. 4c pee
m^- White Pearl Buttons, No. 18 to 24, 2
j *^~ dozen o;i card 10c
g— Ladles' Black Belt Hose Supporters. 10c
»»— Fancy Frilled Edge Llile Garter Blas-
f^ZZ tic, 11,4 inches »1 . iq red, blue. "
gfc— pink, lavender, orange and black.. 9o yd
S^- Fancy Frilled Edsce Silk and Lisle Gar- ' '
•»— i ler Klastic. inches, wide, red. »; ;,;■;
fZZZ pink, llgat blue and white l- 1 yard
i "^- Fancy Frilled Edge Silk Garter Elas-
I m* ■ tic, 114 inches wide, yehow, nils, -
*£— ; pink, blue, ana ie1.... .13c yard
POLICEMAN BODE'S
COURAGEOUS FIGHT
He Has a Hard Tussle
With Two Determined
Burglars.
As a Result One of Them Now
Reclines at Leisure in
tte Tanks.
Peculiar Action of a Police Juige
Which Mystifies the
Police.
Early Thursday morning Officer E. F.
Bode detected two men in tne act of
"burgling" James McDonald's dry-goods
store nt 2800 Mission street. They had
secured some booty from that establish
ment and also from the store of John
Nicholson in the same building.
Bode called upon the men to surrender,
when they started to run. He grappled
with one of them, who, although little
more than a boy, proved to be a sinewy
and lithe customer and inadea hard tight.
While the officer was struggling with
his man the other drew a revolver and
came close to the combatants, bis inten
tion being to use It when a favorable op
portunity presented itself. The officer
managed, however, to free one arm, and
knocked the man with the revolver down
by a well-directed blow. His weapon
flew off to one side as he tall.
The fellow of whom Bode had hold took
advantage of the opportunity offered, and
as the other man fell tripped the officer
up. The two then closed in on him and
endeavored~to pound him into insensi
bility, bat be managed to regain his feet
and make things so interesting that the
one who bad drawn the revolver took to
his heels.
It required only a few moments to
brine the other burglar into submission
and snap the bracelets on his wrists. He
was taken to tbe Southern station and
locked up on a charge o» burglary.
He there gave the police the name of
Henry Gilmore and bis age as 16 years. It
has been discovered that his real name is
Chester.
Bode, although suffering from the blows
he had received, attended Judge Low's
court on Friday morning, a-nd after hear
ing the evidence tbe Judge held Henry to
answer before the Superior Court in $7000
bonds.
Henry is said to be the son of a wealthy
captain and shipowner in Portland and
last night inquiry was made about him at
the Seventeenth-street station. Captain
Gillen said he had been held to answer
before tbe Superior Court and had proba
bly been transferred to the Cocnty Jail
unless he had procured bonds for his re
lease.
At th« City Prison it was ascertained
that Judge Low had, shortly after holding
Henry to answer before the Superior
Court, released him from the City Prison,
and yesterday morning on tbe court cal
endar the case was marked "dismissed"
without the police having, apparently,
t
— —
THE NEW WASH GOODS
Will be particularly marked for
their departure from the time-
honored and conventional figures
and stripes. Everything this
season is brighter, large, showy.
The materials are almost all very
sheer, requiring foundations of
other goods. Contrasting colors
bring out the beauty of the de-
signs the best, and add tone to
the effect.
Wash Goods at 10 Cents.
OORDALINE and PLAIDETTE, two new ma-
tPiiala in the Dimity line, small sprig and other
dalntr figures.
ORGANDI CHANTILLOX, a plain sheer ma-
terial la white anu tinted grouuds; a big assort-
ment of pretty patterns,
WHIPL'OKD DIMITIES, tinted grounds, such
a* light blue, pink and French gray; handsome
striped designs. •
Wash Goods at 12J, Cents.
SWISS LINONS, one of the latest arrivals,
white and tinted grounds, large, bright colored
Dresden patterns.
DOUBLE a aKP LINONS, one of the great
bargains of the seaton. They arefull 40 inches wide,
white aud tinud grounds; specially adapted to
sea-shore wear.
TAILOR SUITINGS, one of the few new heavy-
weight materials for this season; pretty checked
aud tweed designs.
Wash Goods at 15 Cents.
CHENILLE OKGANDIKB, a new fancy weave
this season, in addition to the lovetv colored de-
signs tiie .surface is enlivened by a chenille stripe
ruuuing lengthwise of the cloth.
Otner new materials at this price are Thread-
tord Organdies, Revered Lace Ll::ons, Punjab
Jaconets. New fcrim Leno*, Calcutta Grenadines,
and manv other styles, all In white, black a >ii
colored gronuds, printed in the large, quaint de-
slgus that will be so popuiar.
Wash Goods at 20 Cents.
OVERSHOT MULLS, an extremn novelty;
comes in light an4 dark colors; the patterns are
more than beautiful.
PERSIAN lac MULLS, a very soft, thin ma-
terial, with open lace work sirippg; the patterns
are the new Uvome'bloich or marbleized effects.
Wash Goods at 25 Cents.
MOIKK TAMBOUR, a new Swiss material, the
groundwork imitates watered silk; tlie patterns
are th» most beautiful high-grade French Styles.
RUSSIA CRASH auu IRISH FLAX, anew
Linen hulling for the coming season: they are
both la natural linen colors; the weaves are dais-
onals, armures, honey-combs, eagle eye, basket
effects and fancy styles.
Wash Goods at 30 Cents.
OROAXDr D'-: KAYUBK. an Imoorted French
cloth of very tine texture; the patcrua are ar ls-
lle aid beautiful b«yond our power 01 description.
BKUCADED LAPPKT.S, another extreme high
novelty; whlie, b'ack and colored grounds; the
cloib Itself is beautifully brocade! iu fancy de-
signs aud the printings are In the daln.iest color
combine tlou und the most fantastic patterns.
Wash Goods at 39 Cents.
HRM STITCH KD ORGANDIES, the absolute
acme of hlijh art; the ltiv-liest cotton materials
made for this season; dark grounds, open hem-
stitched lace effects, iarg»- flowered designs; noth-
ing more beautiful manufactured.
Samples of any of the New
Goods sent upon request.
SAN FRANCISCO'S CHEAPEST STORE,
MARKET ST., COR. TAYLOR AM 60LDEX GATE AYE.
been notified of the cnange in the Judge's
decision.
CALABASAS WATER CASE.
Old-Time Disputants Again in Court to
Sett/c a Troub.e With Many
Peculiar Phases.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Feb. 13.— Leon
Gazave and Manuel Dominguez, residents
ot classic Calabasas, who formerly in
dulged in the exhilarating pastime of
U3ing each other as targets for pisrol prac
tice, are in the courts once more in a new
and unique relation. Gazave proved a bit
reckless on "the held of honor," wound
ing a constable by the name of Brans
comb. Dominguez also stopped a few of
Gazave' s stray balls.
Dominguez in the present action seeks
judgment lor $1000 damages for alleged
interference with hi 3 water rights and for
an injunction to prevent further inter
ference. The plaintiff claims that he
entered upon unsurveyed Government
land that no oneelae claimed, has im
proved it and occupiea it with hi 3 family
to th?s day. Upon one corner of the land
he discovered a spring and developed it.
He succeeded in securing a flow of one
miner's inch, piped the water to hi 3 house
and used it !or bis domestic wants.
In August, 1893, he posted a notice
claiming the water, laid a line of pices
built a tank and felt very thankful that
?£>?•£ a good Wllter »«PP»y. In February,
1895, Dominguez claims, Gazave broke up
his water pipes and tank, and while en
gaged m repairing the damage done, a
mob of men, among them Gazave, as
saulted and beat him, "riddled his body
with builets," knocted his wife down and
drove him away from the spring, threat
ening him with violence if he tried to
take the wat«r again.
Upon the witness-stand this forenoon
Dominguez produced an old note bearing
the Pignature of Leon Gazave, ana stated
that th« defendant before he entered upon
he showed Gazave how to "jump it."
Irooi the demeanor of the plaintiff it
was evjdent that he believed he had
warmed a snake in his bosom in thus eiv
mg Gazave a start in life.
jfjtotrxEu * £AX MA&IaTILZE.
Aaron Vgle Swept Away by the luba'i
Swift Haters.
MARYSVILLE, Cal., Feb. 13.-Aaron
Ogle, aged 28 years, formerly of Wil
lows, and where he one time conducted
a restaurant business, was drowned yes
terday beneath the railroad brid e that
spans tho "Tuba River south of this city.
Ogle . went up the river to catch drift
wood and was returning in the after
noon on a small raft, when It snagged
onatandbar. He attempted to wade to
Bhore and wascanfehtin the swift current.
Four school children and a Chinaman
who witnessed his strußeles from the
bridge were unable to render assistance
The body has not been recovered
BIDS FOR JtKr.s.\O COItPAJES.
ban FraneUeo Surgeon Want Them for
Hi* meet ion.
FRESNO, Cal., Feb. 13.— The Board of
Supervisors las received a proposition
from Dr. E. S. Howard of San Francisco
for tbe purchase of the county's dead, to
be used for dissection purposes. The doc
tor offers to pay any reasonable charges.
Deputy District Attorney "Williams has
rendered an opinion, however, pointing
out the strictures of the law in permitting
bodies to be used for ouch parposes, and
it is probable that the Supervisors will not
accept tbe proposition. The San Fran
cisco students of anatomy are now send
ing to the country for bodies, the Coroner
THE SEW DRESS GOODS.
While a great many of the old
standbys, such as Serges, Cre-
pons, Mohairs and plain weaves
will be much worn, the greatest
favorites for the season will be
Fancy Suitings such things as
Shepherd and Fancy Checks of
all kinds, Scotch Tweeds and Mix-
tures, English Cheviot Suitings
and goods of that nature will be
way in the lead.
IN BLACK DRESS GOODS.
AT OJ^C We show an exceptional liiie of Br»-
-— O cacled Mohairs, 4J inches wide, splendid
styles, In a large variety of pretty floral designs.
• ■
AT CAC We show Brocaded English Serges,
O't French i-atlti-fintshe.i Fancies and Jac-
qnard Weaves, iu an endless variety of patterns.
They are strictly All-wool Materials, ranging in
widths from 3s to 46 inches.
AT r~rp We show the Favorite Enellsh, fieri
• O man and Fiench Black Novel in-
cluding a particularly attractive line of the popu-
lar Lizard Weaves in all sorts of patterns.
AT ©1 A To ©1 7— ~ SUIT. We are
tlplU.oo «jpJ- * .50 showing some ex-
oeptlonally fine single Suit Lengths In new Silk
and Wool Crei ons, Etamines and other exclusive
novelties.
IN COLORED DRESS GOODS.
AT QAC We ar> showing the new effects In Silk
£\J >triped (.hnllies, boh light and daris
colors, in rich set and floral designs.
AT OCO We are showing a splendid line of
iu Fancy Scotch Effects, in solid and
broken checks and fancy mixtures.
AT QCC We are showing popular styles In Eng-
Ot) lish Tweed Suitings and silk and Wool
Mixtures, fcjileudid for outing costumes.
AT AAC We are showing the new Heather Suit-
-i.U ines, pretty mixed effects In all the de-
si 1 able combinations of colors. -
AT CAC We are showing the Favorite Two-
«)U toned Biscuit and Crepoa Suitings iu
Checked F fleets, new Scotch Mixtures and Fancy
Twt eds. They are so entirely different from all
former spring stuffs as to be particularly striking
and desirable. .
AT rrC We are showing an Extreme Novelty
lO In pure bilk Face irocades. They ■ ome
in dainty figures on light and medium colored
grounds, making them suitable for aireei aad
evenins wear.
- - — .^— —
AT CJ« "1 We are showing the new Tailor
«Jr 1.00 Checked Suitings in the various two-
toned colorings. 1 hey are pure wool and 50 inches
wiae. Checked skirt or costume is necessary tbis
season to complete every wardrobe.
AT ©TO TO ©1 7.50 SUIT. We are
»Jp J — r, ;» «In I • showing some ex-
cl'"Bive Hixu-Art Novelties, each suit compete
and almost every one' different. The line is 100
varied 10 attempt descriptions: almost every color,
combloat on of col"M and style of material thai
will be fashionable this sea-.ou.-
of this city having become very strict in
regard to giving away those that come
into his charge.
LITIGATION AT FRESNO.
Suit io Compel a Canvass of Returns of
the Sunset Irr/gat/cn District
Election.
FRESNO, Cal., Feb. 13.— The Sunset
Irrigation District appears to be very pro
vocative oi litigation. Another suit in
volving the affairs of the district has been
tiled in tbe Superior Court, and it would
be a daring vaticinator who would proph
esy that it was the last one.
The complainant is George 1L Kohlerof
this city and the defendants, W. G. fccoti,
E. F. Miicneil, John N. Kinc, C. S. Camp
bell and Milton McWhorter, who cousti
tute the old board of directors of the dis
trict. Kohler recites that on Wednesday,
February 3, 1897. an election was held in
the district lor the purpose of choosing a
new board o f directors and other officers.
L. H. Martin, C. S. Campbell, Milton Me-
Whorter, J. N. King and Joseph Meadows
received the niajcnty-of all the legal votes
cast and were duly and regularly elected
members of the board of directors. Re
turns were duiy made to the secretary of
the board, J. N. Kine, and the old board
should have met on trie nrst Monday after
the election for the purpose of canvassing
the vote.
This, Kohler claims, the directors failed
to do, and at ail times since they have
failed and refused to perform their duty.
He therefore prays for a writ of man
damus commanding the defendants to
meet and canvass the returns of the elec
tion and declare the result thereof, and
that the secretary enter upon the records
the names of the several persons elected.
Judge Webb ordered that the writ issue,
the defendants to show cause on February
25, at 10 o'clock.
BREWERS AZI> ICE FACTOR*.
Eastern Capital /bout to Be Jm tiled al
■Frenno.
FRESNO, Cal., Feb. 13.— A. M. Greg
ory, representing Eastern capital, is in
the city for the purpose of looking over
the advantages offered for establishing a
brewery and an ice factory here. It is
understood that the land on which the
brewery and ice factory are to be iocated
has already been purchased, and that the
lots are just south of Ventura avenue,
near the Valley road depot. The brewery
will be finished by the middle of April,
and it is expected to have the brewery and
ice factory in operation before the warm
weather seta in.
lhro*ophittts to J.ay a Cornerstone.
SAN DIEGO, Cal., Feb. 13.— Colonel
Black ner, a leading theosophist, received
word to-night that the tbeosophists cru
saders now in San Francisco will arrive
next "Wednesday night. Tbe cornerstone
of the much-talked-of temple for the re
vival of ancient mysteiies, to be built at
Point Loma, will probably laid on Friday
or Saturday of next week.
Murder at Itenton.
SEATTLE, Wash., Feb. 13.— A rancher
supposed to be Edward Volskie, a Rou
manian, was murdered last night in his
cabin near Renton, in the southern portion
of this county. Tne murderer set tire to
the- bouse in order to bide his crime, and
the body was burned almost beyond
recognition. A Bulgarian farm hand
who occupied the premises with Volsfcie
is missing.
San Frandtcani f>atl for Europe.
NEW YORK. N. V., Feb. 13.-Mr. Cal
lahan of San Francisco and L. D. Ross of
Colorado sailed on the Cunard steamer
Aurania for Liverpool to-day, and B.
THE NEW 3
WAISTS AND SKIRTS 3
The popularity of Separate rS
Skirts worn with Fancy Silk 3
Waists for the early part of 3
the season and with wash '.rjf
waists later on, promises to =35
eclipse all former rcords. The
popular styles in waists will. rS
be plain Surahs and Taffetas 3
and large Brocades in blacks 12
and colors. Pleated and full 3
fronts and small sleeves will =3
lead. In skirts the favorites
will be figured blacks, =35
checks and mixtures in colors,
and large brocades in silks. Z2
We get in new things every =2
week. )-; ~£%
IN NEW SILK WAISTS 1
AT Q0.50 we show a pretty silk-faced US
*$>£• material in briuh: flowered ef- ~^»
fects and satin stripes, single pleat down ~ rm S
front,- worn with a white linen collar. —<»
AT Cg 0.9 swe show the Two-toned Silk H3S
<ID-- Berge Waists, in all the popu- —^
larred. green, rose and blue colors, yoke ~^t
back, full front, to be worn with white linen =^E
collar. :■•: v. r-". f - — *m
AT Q'A- 00 we show a lovely line of Fancy — «
«IPt± Brocuded Silica, in t ffeta and —^
irros de Londres weaves, almost every color. _^«
They are' made in similar styles to the — <*» ■
above, to be worn with white linen collar.. ~^
AT «. 50 we show the latest vie Fancy -"•
*Jp~i Waists, made of figured black -g
Lonisine silks. new sty « fronts, new backs — <*•
and the new leg-of-mutton sleeve* „- —^
AT C« f?.Oo we show the new style Black —m*
«JpD Brocaded Bilks and Glace and ; —^
Plain Colored Taffeta S Iks, double-pointed ,jg
fan pleated yoke back, new full fronts, fancy — <*
collars and new shape sleeves. 2ZS
AT <2» 7. 50"The new fancy Black Damasse ■ ~**
tD • and Brocaded Batin Ductiesse ~**g
Dress Waists in pret'~v novelty styles, — ■ <•
ruffled collars, fancy fronts and pleated —^t
yoke backs, new le»-of-mutiou sleeves, with ~^m
shoulder puff — «•»
AT CPiri' oo Exclusive novelties Dr«ss _JS
O I v Waists, In black ground satin —^>
merveilleux. It up by large embroidered j*
flowers, in natural colors of silk. The fronts, — ««>
backs, i ollars and sle.-ves are all the very ~^
latest styles. ■ ~^m
All our Dress Waists* are -well —^
lined, fully . boned, have inside, —5
belts and are finished in the very —a*
best dressmaker's style... "*^
IN NEW DRESS SKIRTS. I
AT ffl; "1 .50 we show Black Figured Alpaca ~^t
O 1 nd Fancy Shepherd Checks. --3
AT QjOOO we show Black Brocaded Mo- ~^
t^ — hairs and Fancy Checks. — «•
AT (g0.50 we show Fancy Two-toned -J»
«JP~ Tailor Checked Suiting and —^fc
Fancy Black Figured Materials. -"g
AT <n»Q.SO we show Plain stlk-flnlshed "~*»
- «DSO Black Sicilian Skirts. Very ~*^
lustrous and dust-shed diug. —^o
AT ©C.OO we show Plain and Fancy
ijpO Storm Serges, aDd fancy -••
weaves In Black and Navy Blue Cloths. ~^g
AT (11JQ.50 we show a great leader in —^
«jpO Black Brocaded bilk Skirts; _2
large figures. _*,
SPECIAL Uimlu SILK SKIRTS 3
at $10, $12.59, $15, $17.50. 3
SPECIALS JN LININGS. |
Black Bustle Percaline, almost yard -™*
wide ;6V40 Z^m
Imitation Hair Cloth «....5c "^
Plain Organdies, to line wash g00d5...... 100 **^
Openwork Canvas, all light COiors ISo —^
Mlesias. b!ac£ and c010r5...... .......... 614c —^
Changeable <;loriH 5i1k5...... ........... lino
All-silk Taffetas, light weight 45c -*g
Frederick, Dr. H<rzmerstein and Mr. and
Mrs. Rosen baum, ail of San Francisco,
sailed on the Hamburg-American line
steamer Columbia for Alexandria.
Grover Bags Lota of Duokt.
WIDEWATER, Va., Feb. 13.— Alter a
fine morning's sport, the President and
Captain Lamberton lunched on board the
steamer Maple at 1 o'clock and returned
to the blinds. At 2:30 o'clock the Presi
dent bad bagged between thirty-five and
forty ducks. Tbe President and party
left the blinds and boarded the steamer at
6 o'clock and sailed at 6:30 for Washing
ion. The President says this is the finest
day's sport he has ever experienced during
any of his ducking expeditions.
mil B« Promptly Ratified.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Feb. 13.-Satis
factory assurances have just been received
from Caracas that the Venezuelan boun
dary treaty will be promptly ratified. The
Government is in a position to assert this
confidently after the careful canvass that
has been made among its supporters. The
opposition is declared to be confined to an
insignificant minority which has weak
ened instead of gained strength as a re
sult of its efforts to upset the work of the
negotiators.
Petition for Ji'httarlng Overruled.
FRANKFORT, Ky., Feb. 13.— Both pe
titions for rehearing in the Jackson and
Walling cases were overruled by the Court
of Appeals this morning.
Candidate for the Collectorship.
The friends of J. C. Eubanks are circulating
petitions for (signatures, asking that h« may be
appointed Collector of the Port of San Fran
cisco. Mr. Eubanks Is the president of the Pa
cific Coast Commercial Travelers' Association.
SEW TO-DAT: , . 'i^XX-i
f^~~THEOWL CO. *
DRUG CO.
CUT-KATE :"
SL DRUGGISTS.
DR. IRA BAKER'S
EMULSION OF COD LIVER OIL
I* Made of Pure Norway Cod Liver Oil.
Bay It, Try It and You Will Use No Other,-
Pint Bottles 75e or 3 for $2.
We Are Headquarters for Whisky. Read
Our Prices and Be Convinced:
Old Hermitage Whisky, cot to. $ 75 a Dottle
Martin's Baltimore Kye, cut t0....... 1 00 a bottle
Cutter's Bom bon, cut to fcoab'atle*
.Stanford s Vina Brandy, cut t0....... 100 a bottle i
Allen's Fa e Malt Whisky, cut t0.... 85 a bottle i
Jocicey flub Xye Whiskey, cut t0.... 1,00 -i bottle A
■Burke'g Irish Whisky, cut to 1 00 a bottle **
Blue Gras< Bourbon Whisky, cut to. . 100 a bottle
Walker's Canadian Club Whisky,' cut
• t0...'.. .......... i..... ..'............... r 100 a bottle
Fine Old Pepper Wh sky, cut t0...... - 90 a bottle'
Naglee Brandy, cut to 1 25 a bottle
•-*■-■ * ■- - f"- * '■* •• - :
1128 Market street, San Francisco.
Tenth and Broad Oakland.
320 South Spring street, Los Angeles.SUNDAY FEBRUARY 14, 1897
CITY NEWS IN BRIEF.
Mrs. Gussie M. Day has sued for a divorce on
the ground of cruelty.
The unemployed have given ud their pro
posal to inarch to Sacramento.
A grand opening of the Salvationist's Insti
tute will take place Washington's birthday.
Mile. Trebelli gave a successful concert at
• the California Theater yesterday aiternoon.
Thieves have looted the dressing-room of the
Alcazar Theater twice during the past week.
Nearly a dozen rifle and pistol shooting
clubs will be at the Shell Mound rifle rang* to
day.
• Conrad Feeker has been granted a divorce
from Sophia Fecker on the ground of deser
tion.
At Trinity Episcopal Church the Rev. Has
kett Smith of London will preach the morning
service. *
• - Upward of 000 Chinese were arrested last
sight for conducting or attending illegal fan
. tan games.
.The management of the Alcazar Theater
has offered to give a benefit to the Burns mon
ument fund.
The rate from San Francisco to Carson has
been definitely fixed at $16 40 for the forth
coming fight.
Final arrangements have been made for the
French Opera Company to open at the Califor
. ma Theater In March.
Chun Sing, who killed three Chinese In
Mono County in 1895, is to be hanged In San
Qruntln on Wednesday.
W. W. Clark has received a telegram from
Senator Perkins stating that the Senate has
passed the Indian rellei bill.
' Barney jßchreiber, Salvable, Tea Rose, Da
xaiea, Morte Fonse and Flashlight were the
. winners at Oakland yesterday.
The Eomeseekers* Loan Association has sued
Emma M. Hall and J. C. Hall for $1060, with
terest slno* October 19, 1892.
The fourth anniversary of the Columbus
Savings and Loan Society was celebrated last
evening by a banquet and social.
Professor Bernard Blenfeld lectured at the
Mechanics' Institute last evening upon the
''History and Origin ol Asphalt."
Mna names were added to the Mayor's
Cuban League committee yesterday and many
letters from patriots were received.
The old California Athletic Club (reorgan
ised) intends to hold three ten-round contests
at woodward's Pavilion on the 22d.
There have been 531 cases of measles re
ported daring the present month, but only
■ two deaths directly from that disease.
Several society musicians will appear on the
19th and 20th inst. for the benefit of the
French Christian Union of California.
. . Judge Coffer has ordered the Sheriff to ar
rest John Daly and keep him in jail until he
pars a bill of $170 to Dr. Frederick Bass.
Ite Southern Pacific Company will donate
• 4000 to the funds of the Golden Gate Carnl
' Tal'and will also make low excursion rates.
A musical* will be given at the Young
Women's Christian Association headquarters,
• 1221 O'Farrell street, next Tuesday evening.
W. H. Hammon, forecast official, predicts
cloudy weather to-day with probably occa
sional light showers and fresh westerly winds.
The State Prison Directors have recommend
ed the pardon of Thomas Sullivan, who they
. believe was unjustly convicted of highway
robbery.
Policeman E. F. Bode had a desperate strug
gle with two burglars early Thursday morn
■" ing and managed to lodge Henry Gllmorein
■' the tanks.
John Powers pleaded guilty in Judge Con
ian's court yesterday to stealing a copy of The
' Call and was ordered to appear for sentence
to-morrow.
Attorney Spelling, representing A. T. Hen
derson, objects to Justice Groezinger allowing
five clays' stay of proceedings in tne entry of
■ judgment.
Fifteen squads, comprising fifty-five officers,
made raids on as many glambling places in
Chinatown last night and as a result over 500
Chinamen were arrested.
The employes of the street railroad com
panies bad a meeting last night to hear the re
port of the delegation to Sacramento against
' the bill to reduce car fares.
The brig Percy Edwards is almost ready for
her cruise In me southern seas. Men are now
. filling to pay a premium to get a chance to go
in search of the new Utopia.
The British ship Pass of Balmaha, from Liv
. erpool for Victoria, B. C, had to put Into Port
Stanley in distress. she lost a suit of sails
and was otherwise damaged.
A. Van Bergen's will has been filed tor pro
■ bate. The property, valued at $9000, is be
queathed to the widow in all confluence that
she will provide for the children.
Bndd Wilson, a colored man, was booked at
the City Prison last night on a charge of burg
. lary tor having broken Into the residence of
• A. N. Knoph, 232 San Carlos avenue.
If the Supervisors act in accordance with the
recommendation of a committee expectoration
• on sidewalks and in public buildings will be
declared by ordinance to be unlawful.
The will of Philip Aronson, who died on the
Bth inst., was filed for probate yesterday. He
'left an estate worth $6000, which is be
queathed to his children and grandchildren.
A story comes from Randsburg of three
. young prospectors who discovered a rich gold
ledge upon their claim while they were in the
act of selling to James P. McCarthy of this
: City.
The pure-food committee of the Council of
.Associated Industries held an indignation
meeting yesterday and scored the Police
Judges for alleged laxity in fulfilling their
duty.
•* A. literary and musical entertainment will be
■ given in the Girls' High School Auditorium
next Friday afternoon, beginning at 2 o'clock,
- for the benefit of the library of the Girls' High
School. .•
•The new steel steamer Helene for the Ha
waiian Interisland Trading Company, and the
steam schooner Coquille River had their trial
trips on the bay yesterday. Both vessels were
, a success.
• • F. H. Loftus. Charles V. Manner, L. Ph.
■" Bolander. H. K. Gearon and L. K. Tuttle have
... organized the San Felipe Mining and Develop
ment Company with a capital stock of
• f250.000.
: " Company H, St. Brendan's parish, gave an
open reception to friends at its armory, Sec
ond and Folsom streets, last night. The en
' tertainment opened with an address by Cap
tain J. £. Powers.
The Merchants' Association has petitioned
the Board ol Supervisors to require • the con
■ tractor who secures the work of repaying
Geary street to keep that thoroughfare in re
pair for five years.
k The officers of the Society for the Prevention
. ef Cruelty to Children and neigh charge
Peter Lamond and wile, living at 214 Carl
, • street, with trying to get rid of their baby be
cause she is a girl.
A sequel to the story of the Holstrom baby
contest in the local court* comes from Dlxon,
where it is related that the four-year-old girl
• w . & " last Friday kidnaped by her foster-fattier
•disguised as a tramp.
- Professor DaviC Starr Jordan will lecture to
morrow evening before the Academy of Sci
ences, Slit Market street, on the subject of
' isSJ" VK IOnB K° f « tne Fur -Seal Islands in
, 1896. Ihe public is invited.
.." Some fifty or sixty of the unemployed met
yesterday and appointed a commit cc to se
.cure headquarters, where donations, in the
shape of provisions, may be stored and dis
tributed on application.
■ A public meeting of the Labor Exchange
: will be held at Pythian Hall 909 Market
street, this afternoon. Well-known speakers
. will explain how the unemployed may secure
. remunerative work. The plan offers great
. ■ sossibilities.
Six of San Francisco's leading dry-goods
Houses h«ve organized a league of basebaii
teams, which will play thirty games for
the benefit of charity. The players are all
amateurs and bona-nde representatives of the
houses represented.
•J. H. Lavenson has sued A. B. Hasb-ook
Jostpn Nash, D.D.Barnard, R. D. Orr. C. H
"Reid, H. W. Smith, George A. Child, C. A.
Calender and others, stockholders in the Cali
fornia Southern Hotel Company, for $1000, on
account of debts incurred by said company.
, # M An invitation fox bunt was held near San
Mateo yesterday afternoon with . twenty of
, "alter Hobart's imported foxhounds entered
in a six-mile cross country run with six of
• l>an Murphy's black and tan coyote chasers
1 \ T , om <jilroy. A skin had been dragged over
■ the course, bin the California dogs do not take
readiiy to such a deception while the foreign
dogs followed the trail faithfully.
_ / ■
' Oaklakd, ■ Feb. 12, 1897.— Mrs. Martha
Thompson vat removed yesterday ftom the
vault in Mountain View Cemetery to her
final rest by her beloved husband and accom
panied by a host of friends and a delegation
of the Salvation Army, of which he is a mem
• •€?• • •
THE THEATERS
WILL GIVE AID
Burns' Memory Revered
Among the Ranks of
Thespians.
The Alcazar Management's Offer
to Do Anything That Is
Suggested.
A Big Benefit Will Be Arranged if the
Matter Is Favorab y Received
by the Scots.
The movement to raise a fitting monu
ment to the memory of Kobert Burns, the
great Scotch poet, has gone beyond the
bounds that originally confined it and
bids fair to become a popular measure in
which the entire City will take an interest.
The theatrical people, always warm
hearted and sympathetic in a good cause,
have taken the matter up, and will con
tribute to the fund that has already
grown to quite respectable proportions.
Messrs. Belasco & La Faille, the lessees
and managers of the Alcazar Theater,
talked the matter over yesterday and
decided that they would contribute their
mite toward the fund by giving a grand
benefit whenever the committee in charge
of the financial problem sees fit to name
the date on which it will be moat con
venient and profitable to the fund.
Appreciating the aid given by The Call
to the Scots of San Francisco in agitating
the monument proposition, the letter was
addressed to the editor.
There are few among the legitimate
Thespians of this City who are not
familiar with and admirers of the poet,
and one of the managers of the theater
made special pilgrimage to the home of
the poet several years ago while on a
European tour.
It is probable that if a benefit is ar
ranged it will be within a short time and
those who attend will be sure of a treat.
Next week that side-splitting comedy
"A Piece of Paper" will be out on at the
Alcazar for a week, and following that
"Saints and Sinners," a play well and
favorably known to the theater-going
public.
No effort will be spared by the manage
ment and the public to make the benefit
all that it should be, ana it is quite likely
that something appropriate in the way of
orchestral music will be arranged.
Those of the Scotch colony who have
been intrusted with the work of putting
the lund committee on a thorough word
ing basis have not been idle, and at the
meeting on Thursday evening next a con
stitution and by-laws will be submitted
for its guidance.
The fund already contains nearly $2000.
contributed by enthusiastic Scotchmen,
and with this nucleus to begin with, little
difficulty in securing the remainder is an
ticipated. When the committee is thor
oughly organized, entertainments of all
kinds will be arranged, and the work of
lore carried on in a systematic manner.
SHAKESPEARE, GAY OR SAD
Business Man and Student Give
Their Views of
Him
Thomas Magee and Professor Gay ley
Entertain an Audience a Golden
Gate Hall.
A business man and a professor of the
University of California expressed their
sentiments concerning Shakespeare before
a large audience for the benefit of the Mer
cantile Library Auxiliary Thursday even
ing at Golden Gate Hali. It was supposed
mat the estimate of ttie business man and
that of the student would serve as a foil,
each for the other. As it developed, how
ever, ; tie admiration of the business man
was expressed in much the warmer and
more sympathetic lerros.
The business man was Thomas Magee.
the student Professor Charles Mills Gay
ley of the State university.
Professor Gayley was allotted the 6rst
fortv-hve minutes, in which he rapidly
ran througn the course of Shaicesoeare s
development as revealed in his play>. He
said it was far from him and should be
from all to Bimpiy fan down before and
cry, "Oh. Thou!" to Shakespeare and all
that he did simply because it was Shakes
peare. Shakespeare could best be appre
ciated by being known intimately. All
that he did was by no means on a plane.
He developed like all otner great poets;
he did not soar into the literary sky a full
fledged eaele, althougn, ii.deed, an eael«.
Professor Gayley divid d Shakespeare's
development into four periods — the first
the period of germs, as illustrated oy the
work done between 1588 and 1594; the
second the period of growth and freedom
and development, from 1595 to 1601; the
third the period of darknes, from 1601 to
1607, and the fourth the period of light,
reconciliation ami higher happiness, from
1608 to the time of his death, 1616.
In the first j-ta;;e i 9 sbown the humor of
boyish vigor, the healthy, hearty boyish
ness of young Will Shakespeare. Here is
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 14. 1897.
the witoftheDun and of repartee. It is
the mechanical situation and* the humor
that makes the characters laugh. Later
the characters, grown to be flesh and
blood, laugh of themselves for very merri
ment.
Toe next two stages illustrate the com
edy of types — the comedy of charade r.
The third period produces no comedy
or nothing heavier than "Measure for
Measure" and "All's Well That Ends
Well." The fourth period discovers the
greatest comedy of all — the comedy of
ideals. In the first period are found the
"Comedy of Errors," "Love's Labor
Lost," "Two Gentlemen of Verona." In
the second are the "Taming of the
Shrew" and the Falstaff plays; the third,
the character comedies: the comedies of
real life, discover "As You Line It,"
"Twelfth Night," "Much Ado About
Nothing." The fourth perioa developed
those of various dramatic productions,
the romantic dramas, the comedy of
ideals such as the "Winter's Tale."
We see in the more somber plays the
spirit 0/ a man who has passed through
the valley of the shadow and in his later
comedies a humor representing the broad
est sympathies; it is of a man who has
sunk his plummet into the depth of hu
man experience and embraces the world
with never-failing arms.
Thomas Mapeo went directly to his sub
ject when introduced. He placed Shake
speare next to the Bible. He named as
the world's four great geniuses in litera
ture Shakespeare, E&chylus, Sophocles and
Euripides and the greatest of these
Shakespeare. To read the Greeks, he said,
was like embracing the cold beauty of
tneir marble images rather than placing
one's arms about a loved woman in
reading Shakespeare, he dealt in human
life. It is a joy to study the woman of
Shakespeare, ne said. Remembering how
Shakespeare began his married life in a
mistake and how he atoned— he never
forgot his home.
Shacespeare, like all great men, was
produced in a time of world throes, at a
time when the air was aflame with poetry,
out of which Shakespeare rose as the great
particular genius.
Mr. Magee denounced the Baconian the
ory as absurd, and closed wit a reference
to the Sonnets, in which, little tipprec -
ated as they were generally, Shakespeare
was still Skakespeare. f
A FAIR OASE LULL.
Both Sides Anxiously Awaiting the Re
sult in the Cooney Cai*.
Both sides in the Fair case have appar
ently decided to maintain a sort of aimed
peace until Judge Carroll Cook renders a
decision in the Cootiey perjury char.-c.
Speculation is rife upon tne d<velop
ments that will follow tbis event. If
Cooney is acquitted it will be a body blow
aeainst Mrs. Craven's opponents; in fact,
it is rumored that in this instance the
heirs will males an effort at compromise.
If Cooney is held for trial, it will prob
ably postpone the hearing of the civil suit
on thp Craven deeds. Both sides say they
are willing to Begin this case at once, irre
spective of the result in the Cooney affair.
Mm. Michalitachke'a Bitate.
The will of Mrs. Louisa Michaliwchkc. dated
CHUN SING, Who h to Ec Hanged on Wednesday in San
Quentin for the Murder of Three Chinese in Mono County*
January 30, 1897, has been filed for probate-
It bequeaths the entire estate to Anton
Michalitschke, husbnmi of the 'estatrix, for
his use and benefit during; his life, provided be
does not marry. If he should marry the prop
erty is to be divided among their two children,
Josephine >md Alma, and upon his death is to
go to said children. The estate is worth more
than $10,000.
Heath of Mrs. Dr. McLean.
Mrs. Alice McLean, wife of Dr. Robert A. Mc-
Leau, died yesterday morning at the family
residence, northwest corner ot Pacific avenue
and Devtsadero street. Mrs. McLean was the
daughter of Captain Thompson of Marysville.
Three children survive. Mr*. McLean realized
tha» her end was near, but remained cheerful.
She was ra\icn beloved by many for her virtues
and was greatly admired for many- accomplish
ment!.
Monday will find Ito Sotoml & Co.'s fine
store at lltt Butter crowded with buyers. They
have cut the price ou everything. ' •
TO BE HANGED
ON WEDNESDAY
Chun Sing to Pay the Death
Penalty for Three
Murders.
He Savagely Brained His Vic
tims With an Ax in Mono
County.
Prison Directors Ask for a Pardon
for Thomas Sullivan— The Grain*
Bag Industry.
At the meeting of the State Prison
Directors at San Quentin yesterday the
report wa* made tliat everything has been
prepared for the execution of Chun Sing
on next Wednesday within the prison
walls. The gallows operate like clock
work, the rope is being stretchea to insure
no mistake or bungle at thp execution and
the death watch is now placed upon the
Chinaman whose bands are dyed fonrfold
in human blood.
The crime, or rather three crimes, for
which Sing is to pay the forfeiture of bis
life, were particularly atrocious. He is a
large, powerfully built fellow and his acts
show him to be as desperate and reckless
as be is powerful. In the fall of 1895 Sing
went to the house of Ah P\>ok, in the
town of Lundy, Jfono County, and
assaulted him with an ax.
He literally hacked the fellow to pieces
and left him only when he thought that
Fook was de:id, but in time the victim re
covered. Fook's wife ran screaming from
the bloody scene, but Sing overtook her
and brained her with the «ame weapon.
Tne woman's screams brought two more
Chinese, a man called Charlie Fai and a
Cliine«e woman whos" name is not known
to the prison officials, to the premises.
They shared a similar fate, the three
rrrtirders being committed within five
minutes.
Sing was captured and. lodged in the
County Jail in Boui»», but wlii'e awaiting
his trial he made en assault upon the
jailer in an effort to escape ai:d nearly
killed that official. The d*»a'h sentence
was pronounced in December, 1895. Ah
Fook was one of the principal witnesses
Since Sing has been at San Quentin he
has not given any demonstration of his
tavage propensities, but be is watched
closely for all that.
In connection with the execution there
is one feature that is decidedly out ot the
common, and thai is that it will take
place on Wednesday instead of on Friday,
which is by custom the proper day to
drop murderers into eternity.
The prison directors decided to recom
mend that the Governor grant a pardon
to Thomas Sullivan, who is serving a
fourteen-year sentence for robbery. Sulli
van is a rough railroad laborer, but the
directors do not believe that he is guilty
of the crime for which he was convicted.
A little over six years ago County Treas
urer Baker of Kern County was Assaulted
in Bakersneid by a gany of rubbers, but
he escaped after killing one of the rogues.
Several persons were arrested on jnispi
cion, Sullivan among the number. Upon
the statement of a cellmate that Sullivan
i bad told of certain facts concerning tbe
j attempted robbery Sullivan was convicted.
Baker has repeatedly stated that he did
not believe that the accused was one of
the robbers. However, the District Attor
ney of Kern protested against the grant
ing of a pardon and the directors did not
feel at liberty to make a recommendation
for it until the protest was withdrawn,
which was done recently. They believe
that if Sullivan is not pardoned he will
become crazy, as his mind has become af
fected by brooding over his troubles. Sul
livan das served half of his term, allowing
for credits for good behavior.
Very favorable reports were received
upon the work: in the jutemili. Under
the new management r ere are more bags
and oi a better quality turned out daily
than at any time during the preceding
year. The disc pline amone the prisoners
in the mill is excellent and they are doing
good work.
The Warden was authorized to sell
1,000,000 grain baes at $4 75 per hundred.
Warden Hale has been in the southern
part of tne State for two weeks recuperating
his health, which has been very poor for
a Ion? time past. He is expected to
return soon. >
IN THE NICK OF TIME.
Prospectors Discover a Rich Ledge M
They Were Selling Out.
E. Avery McCarthy of the McCarthy
Real Estate Company of this City has re
ceived a letter from his father, James P.
McCarthy, bead of the company, who is
now in Handsbiir ■, in which he tells of a
recent very rich strike made tnere.
The letter says tnat the writer was in
the act of purchasing a mining claim from
three young men who had been prospect
ing the desert for four years. The price
agreed upon was $2000 and all arrange
ments for the tran fer had been made.
Before signing the agreement, however,
the yount; men took a saunter over
their claim and accidentally discovered a
remarkably rich ledge, the best, the writer
says, yet found in the section. Tbat night
they were offered $25,000 ior their claim,
but preferred to bold it. McCarthy, who
is conducting a branch real estate office
in R:indsburg, is proprietor of an adjoin
ing claim, which has been successfully
opened up.
AN EVENT IN
ITALIAN CIRCLES
Banquet and Social of the
Columbus Bank
People.
President J. F. Fugazi's Export
Shews a Firm Financial
Standing.
One of the most pleasant gatherings
that has taken place in this City recently
wns the social and banquet given last
evening to the directors and stockholder-!
of the Columbus Savings ana Loan Society.
The president of this bank, J. F. Fugazi,
was the host. The affair took place in
Martinelii's restaurant at 122 Montgomery
avenue. The occasion was the fourth an
niversary of the organization. The Ital
ian colony was largely represented.
The tables were spread with everything
that the markers afford, and the wines of
goiden California and sunny Italy flowed
as free as water. The decorations gave a
s parkle to the occasion that added to the
pleasure of the occasion. The menu was
exclusively Italian. When the gentlemen
reached cofiee and clears, President Fu
gazi arose and stated that he was iriderd
pirased to m^et with his friends unarr
such pleasant circumstances and he would
meet them again next year if he does not
die, a thin;; that ha dots not propose to do
for many years to come.
Then lie spoke of the Columbus Savings
and Loan Society, a commercial organiza
tion of which he was j>roud to be tne
founder and which sprung into existence
in rive days. In 1893 it started with
$300,000 capital, and for all that the times
were depressed tuere were $63,000 paid up
on the capital stock.
On the 6th inst. the books showed that
the bank lurniture and fixtures amounted
to $1007 75, the secured loans amounted
to $479,003 32, money in bank to $55 003 27,
i mmiev <in Hand. $6484 15— totxl availab.e
I money, $61,487 42— to;al, $542,333 65 The
liabilities show: Capital paid up, $60,000;
dividends unpaid, $372 50; due depositor*.
$474 850 30; interest r°ceived. $1310 93*;
surplus and reserve, $5745 51; increa-<p of
deposits during the past year, $106,837 71 ;
increase of loans in the' same lime, $94,
--098 32; erosn earning for the last yeur
$31,568 37.
This excellent showing caused a br.rst
of applause, and ihe president resumed
by saying that so long as Jie holds the
position every depositor will receive his
just dues. He c included by usking Dr.
Jo&enh Pescia to officiate a* toastmaster.
After a few appropriate remart?, in
which Dr. Pescia stated that everything
that Mr. Fugazi laid his hands uion suc
ceeded, he spoke of another officer of the
bank to whom great credit is due for its
■uccess.
He named the secretary. F. L. Belgrano,
anil paid him a high compliment for Ins
great ability and his fidelity to the inter
ests of the society. He a'so paid compli
mentary tribute to Vice-President E. L.
Palmieri, Treasurer U. Co~ta and Direc
tors Isaiah W. Hellman St., Ant. Chichi
sola. Joseph Cuneo, George G. Caglieri, G.
Bacigaiupi and Francesco Arata.
He concluded by calling upon I. W.
Hellman Sr., president of the Nevada
Bank. Mr. Hellman, in a short address,
stated that there is no bank in the City in
a better condition than the bank under
consideration, and that the Italian colony
it givine it a splendid support. F. Pelle
gatti, a representative of the Italian Herald
of New York, delivered a short pleasant
address befitting tiie occasion.
He was followed by G. Malpiede and G.
Almagia of L Italia, Bank Commissioners
Paris Kilburn and J. B. Fuller, Hon. A.
D. Spliyalo, J. F. Cavagn>iro, Judge J. A.
tipinetti. Dr. V. Vaccan and many others.
The banquet and social lasted until a late
hour. Among the invited guests were
the following:
Italian Consul-General C. F. Serra, Bank
Commlß*ioner Paris Kilburn, Bank Commis
sioner J. B. Fuller, Hon. A. D, Splivalo, Hou
E. C. Palmieri, Judge J. A. Spineiti. J.
A. Devoto, J. F. Cavagnaro, R. T.
Harding, A. J. ( nrmany, O. M. Goldara
cena, Dr. J. Pescia, Dr. V. Vaccari,
Dr. C. har-otti. Dr. G. E. Caglieri, Dr.
0. Pern.ne, Dr. C. Cummings, Dr. C. Masoero,
1. W. Hellmun Sr., president of the Nevada
Bank; P. Barbieri, A. W. Foster. Florenzo
Cavagnaro. A. Vatuone of San Jose, A. Deoor
tieui, G. laecheri. M. L. Perasso, F. Arata, G.
Cuneo, 6. B«cigalupi. S. Arata, G. Costa, F.
Luocnetti. J.Goetz, G. G. Caglieri, A.Chichizola
F. N. llelgr».no, P. F. Kingston, P. Simi, G. Simi,
A. Quillici, H. W. Hellman, vice-president of
NEW TO-DAT.
Fine pure tea is nerve
food. The other kind is
nerve-killing to a slight ex-
tent, to a great extent, or to
a very great extent — it de-
pends upon the tea. Some
tea is almost so badly col-
ored as to be poisonous.
Not Schillings Best.
A Schilling & Company
San l-'raiiciico 635
NEW TO-DAY.
• Rnhhlfs fir Mftfak •
|||| u Best sarsaparillas." When you think of it how contradic- /^>
\^7 tory that term is. For there can be only one best in anything — one \H|^
/|p|! best sarsaparilla, as there is one highest mountain, one longest o^k
S^/ river, one deepest ocean. And that best sarsaparilla is ?.... \S§P
/^\ There's the rub You can measure mountain height and ocean ify^k
\*||/ depth, but how test sarsaparilla ? You could if you were chemists. \HP
/||i\ But then do you need to test it? The World's Fair Committee /^\
t^§7 tested It, — and thoroughly. They went behind the label on the \||P
bottle. What did this sarsaparilla test result in ? Every make o^\
of sarsaparilla shut out of the Fair, except Ayer's. So it was \|=P
/|||| that Ayer's was the only sarsaparilla admitted to the World's /^\
y^/ Fair. The committee found it the best. They had no room for I|P
i|!|| anything that was not the best. And as the best, Ayer's Sarsa- /|||\
%g/ parilla received the medal and awards due its merits. Remember \|||/
/itjil . the word best is a bubble any breath can blow; but there are /|l§\
%P' pins to prick such bubbles. Those ethers are blowing more x^/
(Si) " best sarsaparilla " bubbles since the World's Fair pricked the /|l|\
old ones. True, but Ayer's Sarsaparilla has the medal. The %M?
tfjsk. pin that scratches the medal proves it gold. The pin that pricks dip\
i^j/ the bubble proves it wind. We point to medals, not bubbles, *^p/
(fijji^ when we say : The best sarsaparilla is Ayer's. f^\
the Farmers' Mercantile Bank of Los Anjreles;
D. W. Hitchcock, F. Demartini. \V. E. Hale,
Warden State Prison. San Quentln; G. B
PHrmn, G. Arata, L. H. Sweeiu-y. G. Taleri, S.
Bosso, J. E. Ruggles, G. Moscone. S. Giomi. D.
Davis, G. Fleonc.W. Bsciga upi. I* M. Smith, C.
Soracco, D. Garibaldi. li. Nathan. G. Solari,
J. R. Boneiti, A Markham of s-r.nta Clara, L.
Simi, C. F. Lecje, A. Galgiani of Stockton,
Frank Cava<?nnro of Stockton. H. \V. Neu
bauer. L. Auerbach, A. Devoto. J. Ri^o,
P. Micheletti, G. Bern, D. Muzio. A.
Painrola, G. B Gagiiardo. E. Di Vecchio
C. Giuntini. A. Demartini, L Juri, H. J. Juri,
G. Cader.asso, a. Schenone, M. Pcrusio, F
Matteucci, R. Vannucci. P. H. Z<r>pet
tini, G. Bienotti, J. E. Hayden J G
Hayden, I. N. Walter. F. T. Gui
na*so, O. Toguotti, A. P. Qmlici,
L. Pardini, M. Perata, S. Roniani. F. Baci
galupi, J. Gobetti, L. Vnlente, J. Cuneo, G
tiaribotto of Stockton, G. Glanelli of S ockton
L. Beduni, C de Guigtv , M. V. Lacaze. A.
Bartolozzi, N. K. Mnsten, v Varni
W. U. Curtigg, M. Bazzini, G. Cuneo
R. S. Alexander. F. A.Cavnttnnro, J. B. Bourne,
G. Canepa, A. Micheletti, F. Pi'lle°"»ttt of the
Italian Herald ot New York, W. H. Snedaker
G. Mnlpifdc. G. Almapia of L'ltalia J F. Fu
gazi, Charles M. Shortridge and L. Filippinl.
Alameda Sugar Stock Increased.
A certificate has b»en tiled in the office
of the County Cleric showing that the
cspital gtocn of tbcA!amedfi Su^ar Company,
NEXT TO-DAY.
Day Dreams of Love.
!TT IS AGONIZING to think how many such bright, happy
i -» dreams are shattered ; how many love matches are broken of!
jor possible ones never realized; how many "marriages erftl in
; separation or divorce love turned to hate, respect to contempt.
i All this because of men's disgraceful weakness, which unfits
| them to become the mates of pure and healthful women.
To those who have thus fallen into the cesspool of disease ;
who are weighted down under a secret load of shame and misery ;
"vhose precious manly power is slipping away from them — to all
/uch persons Doctor Cook, the greatest of modern specialists,
extends a helping, skillful hand. His life work has been to lift
up the fallen, to restore them to sturdy manhood and to the
proper enjoyment of either married or single life.
" While Doctor Cook's cures in cases of this character ar»
truly marvelous, he also treats with unequaled success
Acute Drains, In- * ' Treatment by to*,
6»mmations, stric- /yjltfwv^:£^^\ ■ respondence eat*
mrS, V&TiuOcele, Hy- M&r ! \ nrntiy success;;;:.
drocela and all S?xo- '$£%?%/ \ Write fully ang wir.-u
Nerrous Disorders. \?&ip* ii!SS%v. iiF^Si Out reserve. Don't
Also Blood Impuri- vSm< l s^jsJ**^r' have an 7 foolish
ties and 'Functional qE£'^\Li /~ i»k » f«ars af your coni-
Dis eases of ths 4&asMit de nee being Tiolated.,
Heart, Lungs, Lirer, "(8$ '^^^^W®| ' cr the strictest so-
Stomach, Kidney, . y^V^Ss' iMp crecy is preserved in
Bladder and Urinary y^^wk/^ all professional deal-
Organs. Particular _ J .^fttl&li^^i ' ~Wrim?b±. ings. Prompt and
attention given to W (tfP!%;* perfect cures « uaran -
tUtu, Rupture and *" m 'l**^^Wj&r^7 *! *«IW««B^ teed . Office hours-
Chronic Catarrh; r\r\r*TT\r> r*f~\r\lS 9t012 a. m., 2to 5 and
*i<* ...... c.™. .^SSTOR^COOK^ , to , r . M . Bund .,.
•taints. lOrroßiTM Baldwin uorxij. > 10 to 12 A. M- OUlj>.
DR. PIERCE'S
IS THE BEST.
A PERMANENT CURE. ,
Plainsbukg, Cal., Nov. 5. 1896.
Dr. .Tierce 4 Son, San Francisco.
Gkktlemes- The fifteen-dollar Belt has been :
received arid delivered, but baw no: heard from ,
L.AAjitiH . the "son yet about the ■
'*^i ■'■irTTiiirTS. ■' '■ salt, but 1 am not afraid
iIVvX'V J\VWC£'"it " hlra ' oniil1 ' back on
JHki^©!r < rs>K<^s l^vJk me. as I u.«el one 01 your
''"'.'' "-'r, {^B Welts nine (9) ve»rs
WtFJtß^^f'cs-JJ^fS and have n«"ver been ;
jßyj^bf^gw^S^^ iroubled with pains in I
ns£f7'f? : ?¥^g33'vV[ - uiv back or hips since. j
• n&"^"ftt^r\ So you sec why l *' n "° ■
» Jiwr . ■'*. afraid to recommend y>ur ;
■ "*^l? " • Belt to anyoue suffering ,
V 1 with a -weak back, jaim j
In the hips and side, as 1 was, because tt will cure :
them— to be doubted. I remain yours to '
help the sufferer. uEu. A. KAHL.
flfy There are no "quack" doctors connected
with our establishment. Our electric belts cur«
without druß-t Hrlc s reasonable! No , robbery!
Established 1875. end for free "Pamphlet .No. i
2." Magnetic Elastic Truss Co. ' (Dr. Pierce & |
Son). 704 bacramento St.. cor. of Kearn , second, j
third and fourth floors. Branch office, 640 Maricet i
St.. below Keamy. & Jt". -
AIiENCIJiS-K. >. Kogtnjrii, 904 J St.. Sacra-
mento: The Uolden Erug Co.. cor. Main and El
Dorado sis., ;-toc-;t.on: lifo. (i. M or -house, cor.
Second and San Fernando sis., San Jose. .
NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
KEARNY AND WABHINOTON 8T3.-BB- '
modeled and renovated. KINU, WAKDaca
European plan.' . Kooms 5Uc to 91 50 per day, $ I
to 98 per week. $8 to S3U per mon:n: ires >j»tfu:. ;
hot and cold water every room: . at* >r<iw 14 \
. trtvj isoiii; nevaior niu aUßigu;.
formerly $250,000. has been increased to
$750,000. The directors certifying to this in
crease are John L. Howard, Oscar T. Seawe:l,
L r. Marschutz, E?rt R. Hecht and Jamei
<'"ffin. The number of shnr^s voted vii
9883, only 1000 of which opposed the increase.
Dead on the Floor.
Alphonse Levy, a sa'esman, l<ving at 32
Fourth street, died suddenly Friday morn
ing. When the people in the house went to
his room, No. 56, they found Levy djad ou tho
floo". The eaifse of death is not "known. Ttia
body was removed to the Morgue, where an
autopsy will be hold to determine the ciuse of
death. Levy was a native of Frauce and 33
yeurs of age.
Snilor G'nnt in Court.
N*a«hville Grant, the colored sailor who wag
brought here Irom Auurnlia on the steamer
Adelaide In irons for an attack on the captnia
of the ship Topgallant on the la«t trip of tne
ship to Fort Piiie, \ras brought before Com
missioner Heacock ye?terrlav. The ship cap
tnin appearea and identified the prisoner ai
his assailant. Grant was held ior trial.
An Expansive Water Pitcher.
Edward Fisher, who sniHshed a water pitcher
over the head of R. C. Richardson, has been
sentenced to om year's imprisonment in the
Statt Prison at San QuTtin.
O-0-0~0-CKH><>-0-0-0-0-<>
AN EXCELLENT
"If 7TTJ7 A T Properly prepared and
!%/| I"' r\ I' promptly , seived,. can
*wXJ»^* **-' always ba obtained in
THE GRILL ROOM OF THE
Derided the T"\ AT A•'l '
Most Popular PALACE
Dining Apart- 1 JT\.L^rWaL*
mint in town, ■BBHBBB^^^m^BHns
<><><><><>o<H>o-CKH>C>
U. A. Bertelln?. Pres. H. 2f ordman. Vlce-Pre* ■
A. W. Kirlc, Sec. Joa. Nordman, TTeavk
427 KEARN Y STREET
WILL REMOVE TO
16 KEARNY STREET
THIS MONTH. ■
K> ,^PATENTSI 3
%ta^22Q MARKET ST.S.F^Si^
78
D. B. Woolf, secretary to the Supreme
Court Commissioners, is at Sacramento
with a big budget of statistics for the en
lightenment of those legislators who may
desire information as to the work of that
body during the discussion of the bill to
continue It 3 life. The Supreme Court
Commission will, as such, die in May of
this year unless the bill passes.
The bill provides for the continuance of
the commission for four years more. The
business of the commission is to assist the
Supreme Court in its work. The court
assigns to it such ca&cs as it sees fit, and
the Coinmissionei , uudy these cases and
present the result of thair study in the
form of written opinions for the considera
tion of the court.
There are four Commissioners, Belcher,
Haynes, Searles and Britt; seven Justices
—Beatty (Chief Justice), McFarland, Har
rison, Garoutte, Temple, Van Fleet and
Henshaw. Commissioner Van Clief — the
law provided for five — died November 29,
1895. The Justices go over the work of
the Commissioners, sometimes agreeing
with it and sometimes, not often, remod
eling or wholly disagreeing with it.
It is quite the thing, even among at
torneys, to smile when the Supreme Court
is mentioned as "working." During the
last days of the late Grand Jury it held
an open session at which County Attorney
Creswell was invited to be present and
tender advice upon the subject under dis
cussion and this matter of the Supreme
Court "working" was spoken oi and raised
quite a laugh.
CresweJl refused utterly to join it. In
deed he took the occasion to moralize
upon this habit of the thoughtless of jok
ing about the Judges and the courts.
He thought it ought to be discouraged ;
ti:at it had a decidedly evil tendency, and
grew out of a misapprehension of the facts.
As for himself he knew that the Justices
of the Supreme Court labored as many
TREBELLI CHARMS
A SECOND TIME
Excellent Concert Given at
the California
Theater.
The Ycung Vccalist Sings Oper
atic Arias and Simp c
tongs.
Htrr Weiss, a New 'Cellist, Makes a j
G:cd Impression— Louis Crepaux
Applaulcd.
Mile. Trebelli's second concert, which
took place yesterday afternoon at the Cal
ifornia Theater, was as treat an artistic
treat to lovers of singing as her TuesJay
night's recital. The more one bears this
remarkable young singer the more one
learns to appreciate the exquisite natural
qualities of her voice and the finish of her
art. Mile. Trebelli *as assisted yesterday
afternoon by Mons. Louis Crepaux, basso,
and by Herr Arthur Weiss, a violoncellist
recently arrived from Europe, who made
a very favorable impression.
As a rule when a concert singer, pur et
simple, essays an operatic aria, the result
is at best a cold, mechanical rendering,
devoid of any dramatic interpretation.
This is by no means the case with Antoin
ette Trebelli, however. Sbe sang the
well-known "Ah, forse lvi," from "La
Traviaia," with all the operatic expres
sion of a prima donna who is thoroughly
at home in the role of Yioletta. The same
is albo true of her rendering of "Alleluia,"
the Infanta's aria from "Lo Cid." Her
singing was so dramatic that one almost
saw the stage and the Infanta distributing
alms outside the cathedral on Easter
morning. No doubt her power of dramatic
interpretation is largely owing to herhav- j
ing lived in an atmosphere of operatic art |
tiom childhood.
While sbe possesses this dramatic gift
of the prima donna, Mile. Trebelli hat
been spared the wear and tear that opera
involves on the voice, and as a conse
quence her riob sweet organ has the fresh
ness, purity and coloratura that are rarely
heard nowadays in conjunction with dra
matic singing. The audience received
both her operatic arias with warm ap
plause. As an encore to the scene and
aria from the "Traviata" Trebelli sang
"Une Nuit d'Espagne," by Massanet.
In the florid vocal embroideries of the
"VUlauelle," by Eva dell' Aqua, Trebelli
showed her remarkable vocal agility, and
in this song her perfect intonation was
made more noticeable by the long pieces
of fioratura which she had to sing without
accompaniment. The tours de force in
this song brought a clamorous demand
LABORS OF THE HIGH COURT.
How the Supreme Justices Earn Their Salaries by
Working Early and Late Like Other
People*
hours as the average lawyer or other pro
fessional or business man It was (he
general impression that the work of the
Supreme Court consisted in sitting on the
bench for a couple of hours morning and
afternoon. The fact was, he said, that
was the least part of their work. He hap
pened to live in the same neighborhood
with a Justice of the Bupreine Court, and
could testify that he rode home reeularly
every evening on the same car that carried
as well others who are accustomed to late
dinners.
"Probably from his club," remarked a
juryman.
"No, sir, he came from the Supreme
Court rooms," insisted Creswell.
So much for the County Attorney's
wholly volunteer testimony. It is in line
with the data referred to, which, of course,
covers the labors of the Justices as well as
the Commissioners.
The fact is the Justices of the Supreme
Court arri\»e at tneir room*, some of them,
as early as 8:30 every morning and re
main there, some of them, as late as 6
o'clock every evening. Every evening in
tnis case means every evening — that is, it
JUSTICES OF THE SUPREME COURT OF CALIFORNIA.
f for ac encore, to which the vocalist re
| snondetl with "Love Was Once a Li'tie
Boy," which she sang with deligiitfu!
t archness of expression. Another vf her
i encores was Tosti's "Penso," to which
j she played her own accompaniment in a
I very effective manner.
There was no doubt about the good
measure given by Mile. Trebelli, for In
addition to all the above numbers shealso
sang a romanza by Mascagni, "Pena d 1
Amore." Grieg's "Good Morning" and
Goring Thomas' "Song of Bansbine." In
everything except the "Penso" she was
sympathetically accompanied by J.
Marrion.
Herr Arthur Weiss maie quite an im
pression by his 'cello playing. He is po-
sessed of great fluency of execution, which
he showed especially in tt:e rapiil chro
matic passnges In Popper's "Grande Polo
naise de Concert." His lone is smooth.
even and singing, and his shading and
phrasing are tliorou.-' ly artistic.
M. Louis Crepaux, wlio is weil known in
San Francisco musical circles, contributed
some good vocal numbers, which were
thoroughly appreciated. He opened the
concert with Martini's "Plaisir n'Araor,"
and as an encore sang an aria from Saint
! Saens' "Henry VIIi." His other nam hers
j and the encores which he was compelled
to give to thorn were: "Nous Nous A ni
erons;" "Icißas," by C. L. Hess and "Pius
Blanche est Mon Amour," by Grieg.
Mile. Trebelli trill give her last concert
at the California Theater to-night.
A Music Festival.
Four California oratorio societies have
decided to combine in order to give a
music festival during the month of April.
These societies are the San Francisco and
San Jose oratorio societies, members of
the Oakland Oratorio Society and the
Alameda society, which recently gave
"The Messiah." under the conductorship
of Edward Crandail.
The leading feature of the festival will
be a grand performance of "The Mes
siah," and the other concerts will consist
of selections from well-Known oratorios.
Mine. Geneva Bisbop, one of the best
known oratorio singers in America, will
come from Chicago as the soprano soloist.
She has sung extensively in the East and
in Europe. During her sojourn in the
British Isles she passed some lime with
Patti at Craig-y-Nos. Negotiations with
other Eastern soloists are also in progress.
Singers of moderate ability will be re
ceived in the chorus. James Hamilton
Howe will conduct and Bernhard Mollen
hauer will be concert-master and one of
the soloists of the festival. ■■ ■ .' ; -- ,
► ♦ « ■
Birichbach 1 nu-lit.
It is stated that one of the finest musi
cal programmes ever presented at a ben
| efit in this City is being prepared for the
testimonial benefit to be tendered on
Thursday afternoon, the 25th inst., to
Joseph Hirschbacii, the wen-known con
ductor, who is very ill. A symphony or
chestra of over fifty will participate, as
well as a number of popular singers. The
various members of the Tivoli Opera
Company w.ll appear in their best offer
ings'. The performance will take place at
the Tivoli.
A Local Violinist.
Miss Ethel Smith, violinist and soprano,
who has recently returned from Paris,
gives her concert Wednesday evening,
February 17, at the Association Audito
rium. She will be assisted by Mrs. tar
michael Carr, Hilda Anderson, Edith
Smith and Mr. Andrews in performing an
excellent programme.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 14, 1897.
includes Sundays and holidays. They
have no vacations to speak of. Judge
Beatty has taken but one vacation— a ten
days' sojourn at Luke Tuhoe — since lie
went uj>on the bench in 1888. They them
selves confess that they do not consider
this work arduous — they like it, they say,
j which is why they are at it early and late, i
| However, that does not mean to say that i
I the work to be done is not as great as |
J they can do even under the stress of long |
i hours and constant employment.
The session of the Supreme Court be- ,
i gins at 10 a. m. and adjourns at 4 p. M..
! sometimes continuing as late as 5. Tuere
] are two departments, three Justices to I
| each. Justices Harrison, Garoutte and\
j Van Fleet compose department 1 and I
j Justices MoFarland, Temple and Hen- j
shaw No. 2. Chief Justice Beatty sits I
| with either, especially tilling the place of
j any absent Just cc. The Cnijf Justice
j also has a quantity of special business,
winch appertains to his office. The court
meets at San Francisco on the second
Monday in January and the third Monday
in July, at Los Ausreles on the first Mon
day in April and the second Monday in
OVER MEIGGS'
FAMOUS RAILROAD
Olficsrs of the Philadelphia i
Are Sick for Several
Days.
The Awiu! A titu.es of the Andes
Turned Their Faces a
Ghastly Blue.
Condors and Lbm:s of the H ights
Precipices That to Ccntemp a'.e
Were Nightmares.
Ward P. Winchell, passed assistant en
gineer of the United States ship Philadel
phia, has written Mrs. Winchell here from
j Callao, stating that a day or two before
i Christinas th.i officers of the ship went
I over the celebrated Meiggs road in the
Andes to a height of 15,665 feet. Many of
i the officers were almost deathly sick, the
[ sickness in some cases lasting several
days. Mrs. vVinchel is the daughter of
I A. P. Minear, the mining man, who was
yesterday Been at the Palace.
The officers of th. j Pmladelphia were the
guests of the road and were taken up in a
special train. The train climbed from sea
level to the enormous height alluded to in
going bat 106 miles. There were alwayt
two or three tracks in sight on different
levels, and In one place five were observ
able.
"When we got well up we began to see
droves of llamas, going in long proces
sions along the trail, each carrying 100
! pounds of ireight lashed to its back.
• % On the way we stopped at a smelting
works at Casapolea. It is the highest
manufacturing establishment in the
world, being 13,606 feet h-igh. They refine
copper, silver and lead ores, and employ
ab out 200 men. Here most of our party
were very sick. Theii faces were a ghastly
blue tint from the blood not being well
oxygenated. The disease engendered by
the altitude is called the ciroche by the
people. It is very much like seasick
n ess.
"To skirt along the edge of one of
these half-mile cliffs and see the mist cov
ering everything below was like looking
at the very end of tne carth — as though
beyond that cliff was naught but the in
finite apace one sees on starry nights.
"I saw four condors, the larg st bird
I that flies, sailing away up above vie moun
tains, in the rare, cold air.
"As for the cliffs, they were bo awful
that they may be called dream cliffs, or
rather nightmare cliffs, like those one
sees when he is falling, falling all the
time through hours of agony concentrated
in a moment's nightmare. And the
mountain streams and waterfalls were
October, and at Sacramento on the first
Monday in May and the second Monday
in November.
During 1896 the Justices rendered 418
opinions; the Commissioners rendered 234
opinions thut were adopted by the court,
making a total of 652 opinions filed. Dnr
ine the year 26 rehearings were granted
and 192 denied.
In 1895 the total number of opinions
filed was 715; in 1894 the number was 784;
1893, 724; in 1892, 613; in 1891. 717; in l«) 0.
715; in 1889, 624. During the last five y ars
the Justices rendered 2091 opinions; the
Commissioners 1397.
The total causes filed in the eight years
past numbered 6575. The total judgments
in the sams eight years numbered 6948,
showing that the court is creeping up on
the work, rather than that the work is
everreaching it. The same is true of the
separate work of the Commissioners. The
judgments rendered from January 1, 1889,
to December 31, 1896. numbered 6942;. the
cau?es filed in the same period, 6575.
The gain of judgments over filings was
368. The nurcber of cares riled during the
past four years exceeded by £23 the num
there in all variety. In some places tb#re '
would be two streams running toward
the same point, one white and silvery
shilling pure in the sun, and the other
aarthy and dark and muddy with t c red
soil it carried in its turbulent arms. But
when they mingled and dashed on to
gether ttie white one never turned t'te
other one white, and thereby hangs an
old, old moral as true to-day as it was
centuries ago, before it was worn thread
bare by the preachers."
Knerineer Winchell visited the famous
bull-fights at Lima. He says Mount
Meiggs, in s ght of the summit reached by
the railroad, is ttie highest of that part of
the range, reaching a height of 17,675 feet.
The officers of the ship haJ all recovered
when the letter was dispatched.
RYE DAYS GRANTED.
Attorney Spelling Object* to Justice of
the Fence Groezi iiger's Killing.
A. T. Henderson, the plaintiff in the
suit of Henderson vs. Peter Feutrier, has
applied for a writ of certiorari 1o compel
Justice of the Peace Groezinger to enter
judgment at the conclusion of the trial
"as by law required."
Attorney Spelling alleges that at the
clo<e of the proceedings he dren the at
tention of Justice Groezineer to the law
and a-ked that judgment be rendered at
once, but that "then and there said Jus
tice of the Peace refused to grant said
motion, saying he would give tivo days'
stay of execution, though he might over
ride the Supreme Court."
The matter was referred to Presiding
Judte fcieawell, and be has directed Jus
tice Groezinger to show cause why the pe
tition of Mr. Henderson should not be
granted.
SPEEDING LITIGATION.
Hiring a State - Senator as Attorney
Does Not Secure Delay.
Judge Seawell has decided that a liti
gant has no right to demand a postpone
ment of a trial until his attorney comes
back from his work as a member of the
Legislature at Sacramento.
In the case of Ames against Frost in the
court of Justice of the Peace Carroll the
defendant objected to going to trial on
the ground that his attorney is Senator
Eugene F. Bert, who is not able to be
present in this City because he is serving
the State in the Legislature, and cannot
get back until after that body adjourns.
Justice Carroll was disposed to grant
the delay, but J udge Seawell was appealed
to, and he said this was not a legal ground
for a continuance; so the defendant must
speak for himself or get another attorney
and let the trial go on.
Paid Too Much for the Furniture.
Magda Rickett and her nusband, E. D.
Rickett, have sued \V. McGilllvray and his
wife, Mary A. McGlillvray, for the return of
$1400 cash ana a note for $800, that the plain
tiff* were induced to give for the furniture in
a lodging-house at 21 Van Nesi avenue. The
Kicketts assert that they were deirauded and
swindled by the McGillivrays in the trade,
and they wish to get their money back. Tuey
aver that the furniture was old and worn and
that it was not wortu more than $1000.
Acre* & Williams Insolvent.
The Acres <fc Williams Company, engaged in
printing and bookbinding, yesterday filed a
petition in insolvency. The debts of the cor
poration amount to $4173 82. For assets the
company presents a statement ot book ac
counts due from customers amounting to
$2671 09, and the plant and machinery of the
business at 413 Commercial street, value un
known.
ber filed during the preceding four years.
The total number of opinions written by
the commissioners to December 31, 1896.
is 3229. They have besides examined 379
applicants for admission to practice as
attorneys-at-law, of which number 277
have been admitted and 101 rejecte I. One
application was rejected without examina
tion.
On December 31, 1595. there remained
241 causes under sunmUsion. On Decem
ber 31, 1896, there were 273. On the Ist of
February this number had been reduced
to 260, but by the audition of new cases —
no less than 86 since the Ist of January —
the total number unaer subm ssion stands
at 346, which the court has ahead of it to
wort upon.
These statistics do not include all the
work of the court — for instance, the ap
peals heard and dismissed would in a few
years number several hundred.
The Supreme Court is now very con
veniently and handsomely housed on the
seventh floor of the Parrott building. It
waa formerly located at Sacramento as a
fixture. It came here 1875, ueing located
on the northeast corner of Kearny and
Clay streets. By the new constitution the
number of the Justices was increased from
five to seven, and the court thereupon
moved to the northwest corner of Stock
ton and O'Farrell streets— los Stockton.
The commission was created in 1883, and
the court moved to 121 Post street After
ward it moved to the building at the cor
ner of McAllister and Larkln streets.
Every session of the Legislature as far
back as the memory of this generation
runs has seen a bill "to accommodate the
Supreme Court" struggle to become a Jaw.
The Supreme Court has finally accommo
dated itself by seeking the first really am
ple and modern quarters that it has ever
known.
The ashes of burnt corks makes good
black yaint.
THIS BABE'S CRIME
IS BEING A GIRL
So Both Her Father and
Mother Wish to Be
Rid of Her.
Peter Lamond and Wife Charged
With Awful Acts of
Inhumanity.
The S(ci?ty for the Prevention cf
Cruelty to Children Finds a
Strange Case.
"Take her away; we don't want her.
And, what is more, if you don't we will
leave her on somebody's doorstep."
This was the strange and. inhuman re
mark that greeted tie ears of Secretary
Hoi brook of the Society for the Preven
tion of Cruelty to Children and a deputy
as they stood in the doorway of 214 Carl
street yesterday. ' \
The "her" referred to was a weakly
looking infant, scantily clad, lying on the
cold board floor, ana lie speaker was Mrs.
Hattie Lamond, a buxom English woman,
23 years old, who live- there with her hus
band, Peter Lamoiul, who is a Scotchman
by birth and a gardener by occupation.
A complaint was received several days
ago that the woman was ill-treating her
baby daughter, and it was thought proper
to investigate the charges. The com
plaint—an anonymous communication
stated that the baby was born October 16
last, and because sue was a daughter the
parents were trying to kill it by neglect.
Neighbors in the vicinity, among whom
was Mrs. Conneally, residing at 517 Fred
erick street, informed Secretary llolbrook
that the parents were in the habit of
handling the child roughly, giving it im
proper food and wine to drink and letting
it sleep at night on the cold, hard floor,
with insufficient covering.
One l»dy asserted that on one occasion,
when the child bad been crying for an
hour, she went in to see what was the
matter. The parents were seated at the
table drinking wine and playing cards,
while the child lay on the floor. The
neighbor was told to mind her own busi
ness. . .- - ;-vi> v
Mrs. Lamond admitted to Secretary
Holbrook that she let the child sleep on
tbe floor in an adjoining room because the
Seas bothered her when she was in bed
with her unnatural parents. She admit
ted also that she wished to get rid of the
baby, and that her husband did, too, be
cause it was not a boy.
Then it was that she grew angry and
made the remark that beads this article.
Holbrook would have brought tbe child
away, but it looked too feeble to be moved.
Toe society will keep a watch on tbe
case, and it the parents renew their cru
elty will arrest both of them.
WILL SEARCH FOR
THE NEW UTOPIA
Brig Percy Edwards h
Almost Ready for
the Cruise.
Premium Now B;ing Paid fora
Chance to Ship on the
Vessel.
David C Craig, tin Mail Company*
Watchman, Has Been Missing
S nee Thursday.
The men who are anxious to secure an
Eyeless Eden in the Sou' hern Seas are
deeply in earnest. The leaders expect to
land the men who are putting up their
money to pay the expenses in a "land
flowing with milk and honey."
As yet no one Knows just where the new
"land of promise" is located, but then
everybody connected with the enterprise
has faith, and they assert that in a few
months they will be wealthy men. The
brig Percy Edwards is now almost ready
forces, and before the first of next month
the entire party, comprising a hundred
souls, will be under way for the Southern
Seas. E. A. Coe will be the secretary of
the colony, and O. W. Sickels, an ex-ser
geant in the United States army, will be
commander-in-chief of the colonist army.
Coe is well known here from his connec
tion with the heir presumptive of the Bis
marck Group, while Sickels is an old sol
dier and a tighter from the word go.
Other officers of the company are: Cap
tain J. Petersen, who is rated as "master
marine"; J. R. Drake, who is classed as
"first mate," and A. Z. Snyder, treasurer.
L. J. Reinharrt is the president of the con
cern and P. A. Myers vice-president.
They expect to make a home in the
Southern Seas, and even if they do not
tiud an El Dorado none of the members of
ihe company will lose a great amount.
The steamer Doric of the Occidental
and Oriental line arrived yesterday with
tbe following cabin passengers:
F. Ayscougn, General J. H. 8. Algar, R.A.
Rev. W. H. Cossum, J. S. Kearon, F. T. Gause,
Surgeon G. P. Lumsden, U. 8. N. ; Mrs. A. E.
Monroe, L. A. Trapman, Hon. Paul Jsenberg,
Mrs. Issnberg and maid, Mies C. Isenberg.
Paul lwnberg Jr., Colonel R. H. McLean, Miss
M. Harwell, J. A. McCondies, Baron F. d'Aeh
renthal, Chief Engineer G. J. Burnap, IT. S. N.;
Rev. E. H. Van Dyke. Thomas Gittens, J.
Home, John Ltddeil. Mrs. M. R. Norris. Jac
ques Tasiet, H. P. Whitney, Mrs. H. P. Whit
ney and maid, Miss lseuberg, Mrs. C. potters,
Mrs. P. Isenbcrg Jr., General A. S. Hart wi- 11,
George R. Carter, A. P. Simpson, R. T. Lillls.
The Doric made a very smart trip in
some of the runs beating the record made
by the Pacific Mail Company's China.
The official re port of the voyage as fur
nished by tne master is as follows:
From China and Japan: Sailed from
Hongkong January 16" at 11 p. m. , and had
strong head winds and sea to Shanghai
(Woosung). Thence on 20ih tine to Na
gasaki on 'Jlst; thence on i."Jd to Kobe ad
verse tide; thence to Yokohama on 24th
moderate; thence oc 28ih, at 12:05 p. M..
moderate to strong northerly winds and
following sea. Crossed 180 th meridian in
latitude 30.56 north, arriving at Honolulu
February Gat 2:10 a. m. in 9 days and 55
minutes. Tnence on 7ih to port at 10:13
a. M. in 5 days 23 nours and 51 minutes.
Had moderate head wind and sea to 10th,
thence fine to port.
Record passages of the Occidental and
Oriental steamer Doric, voyage fifth, com
pleting her first year in the company's
service, outward and homeward: From
Honolulu to Yokohama, 3513 knots, 10
days 9 hours 6 minutes (record west con
sidering distance); Kobe to Nagasaki, 387
knots, 1 day 1 hour 26 minutes (ship's rec
ord); Shanghri to Hongkong. 818 knots,
2 days 2 hours 29 minutes (record time);
Shangliai to Nagasaki, 452 knots, 1 day 4
hours 42 minutes (Occidental and Oriental
Company's record; Kobe to Yokohama,
34G knots, 23 hours 5 minutes (Occidental
and Oriental record) ; Yokohama to Hono
lulu, 3400 knots, 9 days 9 hours 55 minutes
(trans-Pacific record), except China, and
only 2y, hours behind that; Honolulu to
San Francisco, 2085 knots, 5 days 23 hours
51 minutes (ship's record).
From the above it will be seen that the
Doric has more than held her own on her
maiden trip to the Orient in the Occi
dental and Oriental line.
When the British ship Centesima was
making port last month she struck on a
rock in the north channel and came near
to making breaking away from the tug.
Captain Freeman, who, as pilot, was in
charge of the vessel demanded an investi
gation and the result is as follows:
Lieutenant James H. Sears, United
States navy, commanding coast survey
steamer McArthur, reports having found
and determined the position of another
unken rock in the fionita channel. This
new danger has 27)^ feet of water over it
at low tide and lies west by north % north
SEW TO-DAY — DRY GOODS.
FIRST SPIRING SHOWiMg
• • • Ur • • •
SPRING NOVELTIES ♦
JUST OPENED AT
THE CITY OF PARIS
LADIES ARE INVITED TO INSPECT.
New Jackets I Novelty
New Suits ! Dress Patterns !
Short ton and Hussar Two cases in all the new
Jackets from $10.50 to shades of Etamines, Gren-
* £?°' 1 * adines . and other new
«rs 1 . L e ? a d o most «iMi. weaves at popular prices.
original styles in Suits, Five cases all-wool new
prices rangin£fromSi3.so JKSII. hkV mixtures and checks, 10
10 V 40.00. t^l»m^^ffi9 Wss?» different styles, 50c yard.
The City of Paris, M^^lS The City of Paris,
Cor. Geary end Grant Ave. a^pfffsEffi^|F Cor. Geary and Grant Ave.
Wash Goods ! 3 \ j us Opened !
A most bewildering as- - Three cases very styl-
sortment of Imported , . r ish Tailor Suitings, direct
Wash Goods of lovely IMPORTATION in all
and exclusive designs at the very latest fabrics
prices ranging from 10c, 51.50 to $3.50 yard
15c, 25c and up. , - • - :
(mat; n flic), diMaul a aji.e ju»U uquaiui
(nautical) irotn Point Bonita • lighthouse.
It bears south by west % west (magnetic),
distant 208 yards from me previously dis
covert d 18-foot rock. The black oucy.
No. 3, marking the latter danger, has been
moved to a position south % west, distant
thirty-eight yards from the newly dis
covered rock. ■
- Tnenew coasting steamer Coqullie River
had her trial trip yesterday, C3lie proved
herself to be even faster than her owners
expected and in consequence the builders
were toasted again and again. Among
those who went out on the steamer were:
Captain and Mrs. R. Sudden, Mr. and Mrs. H.
Z. Burkhardt, Mrs. A. L. Ricnar.ison. Mrs. Is.
R. Keith, Mr. and Mrs. 1". W. Krouenberjf ol
Oakland, Mlsi C. Sudden, Miss Emm* Prosck,
Miss Maud Haas Miss K. Yarnngton, Miss M.
fit. Richardson, Miss J. Lyons, the Misses M.
and A. O'Brien, Miss R. Ewing, Miss A. Hull,
Miss Dobson, Di. E. Rice, Captain J. A. Toby,
Captain G. Whitney, Captain Jessen. Captain
W. R. Perriueu, J. Dufesnu, T. B. Kerr, W. F.
Keith, F. W. Clark, Will Lyons, S. Lyons, E. A.
Christeison, R. C. Yante, Charles i?udden, H.
W. Goodall, 11. C. Thomas, George Conway, T.
Nelson, Peter Hall, O. C. Benjamin, \N . E.
Tucker Jr., George Thomason, J. .Ueacon, E. M.
Coitreil and Captain Wheeler.
The new steamer Helene, intended for
the interisland trade, also had her trial
trip on the bay, and made a very pretty
picture as she sped up and down the
water front. Pictures of both vessels
have appeared in The Call, and a de
scription accompanied each cut.
Tho Pacific Mail Company's City of
Peking sailed ior the Orient yesterday.
The big limr never looked in fairer trim
than when she moved away from her
dock and encountered the Doric in mid
stream. The former was loaded to her
full capacity, while the latter wa3 flying
light.
The steam schooner Crescent City ar
rived and sailed a.am yesterday. The
vessel was long overdue, and considerable
anxiety was teit on her account. When
off her port of destination the storm
caught her, and Captain Allen had to put
out to sea. Time and again the steamer
was swept by the waves, and everything
movabl; was washed overboard. Finally,
however, port was reached and the pas
sengers landed in safety. The Crescent
was eleven days overdue, but the delay
was entirely due to the weather.
People on the Mail dock would like to
know where David C. Craig is. The last
seen of him was when he was taking pass
age on the steamer Umatilla, for Victoria,
B. C. A little while previously he was
seen in the Safe Deposit building drawing
money from the bank.
Craig accused Superintendent Anderson
of taking coffee beans away from the
wharf without accounting for them. This
was in a letter to the office, and when the
superintendent heard of it he at once hnd
Craig arrested for criminal libel. Craig
got out on bonds, and the last heard of
him was when he was taking passage on
the Umatilla for British Columbia.
MAY COMMENCE A SUIT.
An Evaporated Cream Company
That Complains of the Board
of Health.
The Highland Peopla Contend That
Their Product Has Not Fece yed
Justice in Analysis
Some time ago, as a result of investiga
tion among some of the condensed milk,
evaporated cream and kindred industries
of tne City, various statistics purporting
to be the result of correct analysis of
their products were published in certain
newspapers.
Among the statistics bo published were
figures giving the alleged constituents of
Highland Evaporated Cream. The con
cern owning this particular article of
commerce has taken umbrage and em
phatically denies the correctness of thesu
figures. Moreover, they assert that the
Board of Health does not claim that the
analysis was complete at the time the
figures were published, and they threaten
suit against their traducers.
As a matter of fact it seems that the
special point upon which the manufac
turers of Highland Evaporated Cream
dwell is the abundance of "butter fat"
contained in their product. According to
the published statement their cream only
contained 575 per cent of butter fat,
wtiereas they contend that the completed
analysis shows a percentage of 9of the
same desirable constituent. Another anal
ysis gave at least 8.88 t>er cent.
In view of the importance of these con
densed milks as foods these facts would
appear to lend special dignity to the con
troversy and entitle the Highland people
to at least the justice of public statement.
A Bad Case of Cruelty.
Officers Ho.brook and McCurrle ol the So
ciety for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals
arrested Andrew Weber, a butcher, ia the Bay
City market yesterday for sending out a sick
horse to fulfill orders. The animal had a gore
back and neck and was so ill that it was froth
ing at the mouth. It was found necessary to
send for an ambulance and take the horse to
Weber's stables. The society has been watch
iug (his case for some time and finally suc
ceeded in iis quest. So indignant was the
crowd that bad gathered wnen the arrest wr.s
made that it was feared violence would be
used on the prisoner, but he was hurried
away to trae City Prison. He was afterward
balled out.THE BOOKS GOT
WARM ROASTING
The Crowd All Played
Flashlight and He
Won Easily.
the Surinam Horse the Best
Green Jumper Uncorked
in Some Time
Camien Captured the McLaughlin
Stake in a Drive From Schiller
Tea Rose Downed David.
• The Burlingame handicap hurdle event
it one and a half miles over six obstacle-,
worth $900 to the winner, decided at
Emeryville track yesterday, developed one
of the greatest green junipers seen In this
part of the country for some time. Flash
light was the name of this particular
jumper and tue bookmakers now have his
address securely pasted in the crowns ot
their hats. The Buriingame furnished
quite a fair lield of timber-toppers, among
which were Montaivo, carrying 165 pounds
- arid ruling an equal favorite wirh J 0 C,
who' was delegated to carry 150 pounds.
The tip out on Flashlight had been on the
coals for a week or so and the books were
besieged wita coin, the green 'un always
being a favorite in the betting.
Mike Hennessy had the mount and
"the Irishman" handled the fast son of
Surinam to perfection. Passing the stand
the favorite took the lead, and stepping
ever the hurdles like a veteran, won as he
pleased from Arundel.
The usual Saturday crowd was in at
tendance and business in the ring was the
liveliest of tue week. Favorites fared well,
•capiuring five of the mx events decided.
A two-year-old by Kylo, named after
the popular bookmaKer, Barney Schreiber,
was tirst in the two-year-old event, leal
ine Irritator, a 20 to 1 shot, out by nearly
a length, 'lhe winner, coupled with his
stable companion, Michael, were held In
such cheap regard in the betting that the
ring laid 20 to 1 against the duo.
The mile run that was second on the
card proved an easy thing for Pat Dunne's
i^alvable, which started a 9 to 10 lavorite.
The sticky going was too much lor In
stallator, and Dunne's hor^e won easily
from Cuppy in I:4B}^.
The speedy til ly "Tea Rose, starting an
even-money choice, defeated David in the
closest finish of tue day in the six and a
ha:f furlong ran. Leading almost from
the start the sweet iittle mare stood a
drive at the end and gained the verdict by
a head. Fifty yards from tne wire David
hove in toward the rail, and this undoubt
ed I v cost him the race.
The McLaughlin selling stake, over a
mile, for all ages, drew out but a field of
lour.
J'amien was a 7 to 10 choice and in a
terrific finish, tliat almost terminated in
the judges' stand, so far did the favorite
carry Schiller ouc. Pat Dunne's long
strides caught the eye of the judges tir«t
by a neck in 1:44. Salisbury 11, the un
certain son of Hacine, was a disgraceful
..third.
After betting on tne two-mile race had
progressed for jiome time Unity was
scratched and then Mone Fonce was
made a 1 to 4 chance. With no better
than Foremost and Fred Gardner to down
he won in a canter, with Foremost anead
of Gardner for second money.
AIDING THE CAENIVAL.
Southern Pacific Company Will Donate
84000 and Make Low Rates of Fare.
President 'Warfield, Carnival Director
Friedlander, Secretary Backus and Colonel
John O'Byrne of the finance committee of
the Carnival of the Golden Gate had an
interview yesterday with Colonel C. P.
Crocker of. the Southern Pacific Company
in reference to tne subscription of that
corporation to the funds of the carnival.
Colonel Crocker stated that he had re
ceived a letter from President C. P. Hunt
.ington from New York, in which he spoke
Btronplv in favor of the carnival and
urged upon his associates to forward its
interests in every way. Colonel Crocker
stated that the company would give a
cash donation of $4000 and would make
THE "CALL" RACING GUIDE.
CALIFORNIA JOCK h\ CLUB. Oakland Racetrack. Saturday. February 13. Forty-fifth day
of the Winter Meeting, 1896-97. Weather fine. Track muddy.
c Aty I'lKhT KACt— Three-elshths of a mile;
Index. Bone, weight. St.
..'. . .. Barney Hrhreiber 105 j 4|
818 liriuuor 103J 1 I
619 Fa! »n Princess.. 100 5
H-imosa 1' 8 7 :
. 4.-8 iMorinca Jo"> 6
619 Don Luis 108 H
Esiro 108 10
492 Koia 100 8
: ... Sfolc 105 11
Roxoy Murphy.. .lo9 12
jLona Marie 105 2
Hay Boy 10.V 14
Michael 108 13
61* Seva 10a| 9
Index.
\ _*_
j "" '■- — —
I ■-
I
i
I
I Vi !
I ;
; :
I i
; ,
i
I
! _!U
; '
!
■ '
I :
I :
i
IVs Hennessy.
2 1 i 5pencer.........
' 3h Toomson !
• • 4 h K.Jones
' ' 5Va Dogjfert
Gh H. Martin
7 Mms ,
8 |R, Isom I
9 O. Wilson
10 Freemaa..
11 Thorpe
12 MrLau«alin....
13 StuffleL
' 14 |T. McHogh....
8
15
30
4
•-'5
3
]
4
10
80
23
4
80
• ,
1 6
Hettlns.
Op. CL
20
15
90
4
su
7-2
6
20
100
20
5
100
«
8
I :
• :
'::::::::
i
:•..::::
i
:::::::
i
!::::::::!
; i
i
Good start. Won driving. Winner, Lone stable's ch. g., by Kylo-Uttle Girl. Time. :88- •ConMed
with Barney schrfiber. *
pr *n bECOSD KACE— One mile; thr«#-year-ol(l3 and up; purse 1400.
Index.
4»V7 Salvable. 4 118
634 Cappy, 3 K8;
&3i! Joan, 4 101 |
413 llnstallator, 5 10B|
Horse, ag«, weigh'-
-1
i 2
4
s
3
4
1 1
8 21^
2 h
3 Va
4
% i Btr. j rin. Jockey.
" f* 1>
3 2%l 4 310 Thompson .
4 i Ay, : 4 ihorpe ;..
1
15
30
8-6
9-10
8
20
8 5
Good start. Won easily.
Winner, P. Dunne's ch. h., by Salvntor-Lydia. Time, I :4«Vi
nAA THIRD KACE-'
of a mile: three-year-olds and up; ,, nrB e $400.
Index.
Horse, age, weight.
It.
(516 Tea Rose, 3 88
(525) David. 5 11l
f)35 Simmons. 6 101
Ml Installatrix. 3.... 83
Dr. Jacous, 3 98
261 Zylpha, 4 -.104
4
-'
1
B
6
5
1 2
3 5
2 3
4 10
6
51
1 3
3 10
44
e
53
1 1
2 15
8 10
4 20
6 3
6
ifi]on°;r 8-5 3-2
3 4 Jones 5 n
« 5 Re . d ioo aoo
6 l^nlder. |i 6O 1 00
Fair start. Won driving. Winner. George Hose's ch. f, by Imp. Ml Hothianßed Hose, lime, 124
C< <r roi'KTH RACE— One mile;
$1250.
(5 I Jo)!DHmlen, 4 1
-thlller. 4 1
(514) »a 1-bury 11, 4...
•101 Alma, 3.
Horse, age. weight.
If
31
*1*
21
4
Vz
%
1 1
21
3 6
4
in
34
4
1 b
2 no
53
4
H. Martin ...
Slanehter..
Jones
J. Woods
Jockey.
7-10 7-10
3 11-B
4 6
• *
<;ood start. Won ariving. Winner, P. Dunne's b. h., by Ktratnmore-Beatrice. Time, 1:44 •Coun'ed
with Salisbury IX.
ff FIFTH ft.
; purse $500.
| I
I»d Horse, age, weight, j
T
V4 ! y*
J4^ str. std jy 4 »* ; %
3 3 3 3 3 '- ill
23 2 3 23J2 2 1 1 1 11&
13 13 12 12 S'.i 3
Jockey.
H-tunc
Op. C"l.
KM Fonse. 5. ..110 3 3
'■'■''■■ oremost,s 102 1 93
■\ (Jardner, 6.. 98 '-' 1 5
i 8
» 1
1 6
! H
■J4
Thorpe.....
H. Martin..
V. ........
1-4 1-4
j 4 9-2
I 8 8
IS
hpencer |
<jood start. Won galloping. Winner, P. Donne's ch. li., by Fonso-Flyer. Time, 3:49.
[H SIXTH
puns $1000.
Jndex.
I<3p *- Horse. a?e, weight. St. Std. V*
452 Flanhtlghi. 5...... ISO 6| 2B 13
6V9 Arondei. 6 129 I 4V4 |2 4
V74 Montalvo. 6 165 6 tfh 410
810 JOC, 5.. 16ill 1 6h 53
°29 Zaragoza,a 125 3 3a 32.
529 Herman, a 104 7 7-7
629 Artemus. 6 l»a 4|lVi ! t> 10
10 18
3 2 3 10
2 IX, 2 3 ;
6 20 ! 5 20 ,
4 6 : 14 'i
7 "7
•1 10
23 .
3 1
4 10
5 50
ti 1
7 m
14
2 4"'
3 20 !
4 10
5 '/O
6h
Henn s y '
Wllkins
Jockey.
'6-5 2
116 - 12
! 3 6-2
7-2 13-6
20 25
20 ;30
16 40
i-McM
Cochrau.....
McMahoa....
Stanford
Hlfgina
7 7
5 4 !«B0
i l.luyd
(Jood rtart. Won easily.
■IMF.
Farror <& Tuberville's b. u., by suirnanvLaura. Winston. Time,
other concessions to the conunittee which
would be of great financial advantage.
Special excursions, at the same low
rates as those prevailing during the Mid
winter Fair, will be inaugurated, and
special rates will be given from all points.
Tiie company will also see that the adver
tising; matter for tie carnival receives a
generous distribution at all points touched
by that system. The members of the com
mittee were highly pleased at their recep
tion.
A special meeting of the executive com
mittee will be held to-morrow afternoon
to arrang- some details which have been
held in abeyance. Work will now be
prosecuted actively until the close of the
carnival and a thorough and systematic
canvass of the City made.
STREETCAR FARES.
Important Meeting of Railroad Em
ployes to Hear Report* From the
Sacramento Oelegation.
A meeting attended by over 400 em
ployes of the different street railroads in
the City was held in the Mission-street
carhouse last night to hear the report of
the delegation that went to Sacramento
last Sunday to present the petition signed
by the employes against the passage of the
bill reducing the fares on the street rail
roads.
j W. C. Carpenter presided and W. C.
I Cootc acted as secretary. Chairman Car
pemer, Secretary Cook, P. J. Manning J
. C. Hardy, J. C. S iwtolle, W. H. Grand ana
j Frank Bell, who were all delegates, re
ported what had been accomplished and
that everything looked fuvorable :or the
defeat of i tie measure, which news aroused
i the j;reaiest enthusiasm.
A resolution was passed thanking the
| delegates for what" they had done, and
| they were instructed to return to Sacra
■ mento by this afternoon's train, as li was
I considered probable that final action
: would be taken on the measure either to
i morrow or Tuesday.
A resolution was also passed that the
'■ expenses of the delegation should be de
frayed by subscriptions from the em
ployes as soon as the matter was settled.
Secretary Cook said that the impression
bad been conveyed to the legislators that
: organized labor was in favor of the aieas
-1 ure; but he had the best authority for
: stating that no concerted action bad been
! taken by the Federated Trades in that
' direction.
OPERA TO COME.
Final Arrangements Have Been. Com
pleted for the French Company
to Open in .March.
According to a telegram received yester
day from J. Gottlob by Al Hay man & Co.
final arrangements have been completed
at Sew Orleans for bringing out the French
Opera Company to the California Theater.
The season will open sometime between
the 10th and 14th of March, and will last
for four weeks. It is expected that at
least twenty opera-* will be produced, two
or three of them for the first time in this
Cay.
An opera that will be lavishly mounted
Is Keyer's "Sigurd," which is almost un
known in this country, although selec
tions from it have sometimes been Bang at
local concerts. In New Orleans the com
pany has been in the habit ot giving light
works, such as "Miss llelyett" at the
matinee performances and works of the
regular grand opera repertoire in the
evening. .
An effort is being made to secure the
French Opera Company for St. Louis be
tore the end of its four weeks at the Cali
fornia, but the subscribers to tne guaran
tee fund here have refused to consent to
this arrangement, so the company will
probably proceed to St. Louis in April
after the close of its engagement at the
California.
• — ♦ »
Recommended fur Certificates.
The City Board of Examination met yester
day and made recommendations that Miss
Sadie Belcher be given a grammar-grade cer
tificate on her Sac mine mo County grammar
grade certificate; that Miss Ida B. French and
Mrs. Clara F. Starke be recommended for Cali
lornia State educational diplomas of the gram
mar gr&dt; that Miss Mary M. Cox have her
high school certificates renewed, and that life
diplomas of the grammar grade be granted to
Miss Hose V. Caiiborne, Miss Ida M. Clayton,
Miss Loui.«e K. Hanlon, Miss Elizabeth Hitch
ens, Miss Angele C. Karatar. Miss Fannie Mar
tin, Miss Annie O'Connell, Miss Masgie V.
Radford, Miss Maud M. Rowe. Miss Augusta
Reinstein, Miss Josephine launders. Mist Bom
Scueter, MUs Anna E. Sutherland, Miss Sadie
A. Webster and Mrs. Isabella C. Woodland.
Marble In the City Hall Dome.
Thomas Crystal, J. J. Horrigan and H. J.
Skeham have complained to the City Hall
Commissioners that the marble wainscoting
that is being placed in the dome of the new
City Hall has not been properly polished, and
that skilled mechanics have not been em
ployed oy the contractors. The Commissioners
inspected a block of marble as a sample. The
superintendent of construction and the archi
tect will consider and report at the next meet
ing of the Commissioners.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 14, 1897.
DRY-GOODS MEN
TO PLAY BALL
Organization of Leading
Firms to Suppiy Clean
Amateur Contests.
Thirty Games, From Which
Charity Wil! Derive the
Net Proceeds
Only Bona-Fide Employes Can P ay
and Extra Precaution; Ttk?a
For Gent «manly Sport
Thirty games of pure, clean baseball,
devoid oi every trace of prolessionalism
and instilled with the enthusiastic ardor
of amateur pride, are promised the sport
loving people of this City. The promoters
of this series of games are six of the lead
ing dry-goods houses ol the City, and they
have gone about t lie project in a manner
never before attempted in this City,
though similar enterprises have been
highly successful in larger Eastern cities.
The plan upon which this league has
been organized is identical with that of
the National League, and it is backed
directly by the proprietors of the various
establishments. That they are entering
into the project seriously i-> evinced by
the fact that $1800 has already been ex
pended in equipping the clubs, and G. W.
Anderson, president ol the league, is
authority for the statement that Califor
nia has never seen any clubs, professional
or otherwise, umtormed as well as these
will be.
Financial gain id no part of the scheme
ol the organization, and the net proceeds
of the series will be devoted to charity.
Tne proceeds of the first game, wtiich will
take place on March 7, will be distributed
among such charities as the three morn
ing papers shall name. From a few of
the succeeding games the management
hopes to defrey the actual expenses of the
contests, and after that charity will again
be the recipient of the box returns.
The firms having teams comprising the
league are O'Connor «fc Moffatt, Newman
A: Livison, Kohlberjr, Strauss <t Frohman,
Hale Bros., J. J. O'Brien and the White
House.
Tne president of tlie league, G. W. An
derson of the White House, served in a
similar capacity in a league of commer
cial nines iv New YorK and is eminently
tinea to successfully direct such an organ
ization. His idea of the proper conduct
of the games is illustrated by bis request:
"Emphasize the fact that these games
will be strictly amateur contests by bona
ti'ie emuloyes of the houses represented.
Every player will be as gentlemanly upon
the diamond as in his place of DUsiness."
The full list oi officers is as follows: G.
W. Anderson, president; J. Lowentbal,
vice-president; G. O'Brien, secretary;'!.
P. Quintan, treasurer. The board oi con
trol consists of F. \V. Warren of O'Con
nor it Miftati; F, Owls of Kohlberi:,
Strauss <t Frohman; G. Adams of Ha'e
iJros.; G. O'Brien of J. J. O'Brien; G. W.
Anderson of ttie White House.
In order that no prolessional or other
outsider may under any pretence be runj;
in as the season progres-ses, each hor.-e
has been required to furnish a list of bona
tide employe?, from whom the teams mu>>t
be selected. A handsome trophy has
been hung up by the proprietors and the
various tennis will commence systematic
practice to-aay. The enthusiasm of the
players promises food ball.
Following is the schedule of games as
far as at present arranged:
Newman & Lovison— March 7, March 28,
April 18. May 9, May 30, June 20, July 5, July
25, August 15, Septembers.
J. .1 O'Brien & March 7. April 4, April
25, May IC, June 0, June 20, July 11, August
1, August 22, September 12.
O'Connor & Moflatt— March 14. March 28,
May 2, May 23, June 0, June 27, July 5, Au
gust 8, August 29, September 12.
White House— March 14, April 11, April 25,
May 9. June 13. June 27, July 18, August 1,
August 15, September 19.
Hale Bros.— March 21, April 4, April 18. May
23, June 13, July 4, July 11, July 25, August
29. September 19.
KoniberK, Strauss & Frohman— March 21,
April 11, May 2, May 10. May 30, July 4, July
18, August 8, August 22. September 5.
ON FRATERNAL LINES.
What tlie National Union's Councils
Have lieen lining Recently.
California Council No. 530 of the National
[talon initiated one candidate and acted upon
several applications at Its last held meeting.
It was decided that hereafter at all meetings
Cigan wi 1 be distributed to ail present, as will
also be distributed the Tri-color, the official
organ of the order.
El Dorado Council has elected E. Pryfus
speaker vice 8. Baruch, resigned. L. L Miller,
K. iJrylus, J. H. Blewett and B. H. Sehurhoff
were elected delegates to the cabinet. The
trustees of the council were instructed to
ascertain what they could obtain for one share
of railroad stock owned by the council.
At the meeting of Pacific Council No. 547.
held on the Oth inst., one candidute tru Lnlti*
ated and three applications were received.
Of the many candidates for the office of dele
pate to the Senate of the National Union, to be
held in the city of Nashville, Term., next July,
Edward Pillen Jr. and James £ Field are at
this time in the lead.
Last Tuesday evening Golden Gate Council
No. 551 initiated one candidate and received
one application. The council at that meeting
aecidert to preient to each officer and each
new member the button of the order, also
copies of the Tri-color.
Lincoln Council, Jr. O. I. A. 91.
The members of Lincoln Council No. 2, Ju
nior Order of United American Mechanics,
celebrated the anniversary of the birth of
Abraham Lincoln by a ball in B'ne B'rith
Hall Friday night. The event was alno made the
occasion of a special reception to California
council No. 1, Daughters of Liberty, of which
Miss A. Mclniyre Is the president.
Tne decoration of the hall was In accordance
with the patriotic spirit of the order. Sus
pended across the stage tnere was in letters ol
gold UM namo of the council flanked by the
American flag, while at the front of the stags
was a large-size portraitof the martyr Presi
dent resting in graceful folds of Old (Jiory.
The remainder of the decorations were les
toons of white and blue.
There was a good attendance and all who
took part in the dance had a most enjoyable
time. The affair was under the management
of* Floor nianaeer.W. A.Peterson, assisted
by H. K. Isaacs, \V. F. Unfred, A. J. Martin, M.
H. Colin, C. I. Fancher, W. E. Whiting, F. W.
Forf and J. E Becker; reception committee-
Members of Lincoln Council; committee of ar
rangements—A. TibbetU, F. B. Dickson and
W. A. Peterson.
Alcalde Parlor's Anniversary.
Th* seventh anniversary ball of Alcalde Par
lor, Native Sons of the Golden West, Riven Fri
day night in Native Sons' Hall vas'a very swell
affair. The ball was nnder the management
of the*fol!owing committee of arrangements:
O. H. Ferguson, R. U. Andrews, J. Staude Jr.,
Al Rahwyier, L. E. Derre, a Heinn,:J. W.
Desmond, L. J. Hurley. F. Raemer, E. Lhote.
The gentlemen on tue reception committee
were J. J. Greif, I* A. tiUcobbt, G. C. Alferltz,
1). G. Antonovlcb, J. B. Acton, A. McFarland
and H. K. Coffey.
*JVilliam Fenstermacher was the floor
manager, S. Heino bis assistant and the follow*
ing named the floor committee: W. D. Wilcox,
L. E. Derre. L. S. Graves, A. Laederich, J. F.
Hetty. J. P. McTmnney, R. H. Hession.
Columbia Council, Companions of the
Forest. ' .
Columbia Circle No. .150, Companions of
the . Forest, branch -of the A. O. F.
Friendly ./Society; of Sacramento. bad a
very 'pleasant official ' visit from Bu
t>reme Grand Chief Companion Mrs. Sarah
Beverson and Supreme Grand Secretary Mrs.
Florence N. Morrow last Monday. The visitors
were met at tne depot by a delation ot com
panions on Sunday and escorted to their
notel. The following day they were shown
; the sights of the City, and in the evening met
1 the companions in the hall of the circle. The
I circle was opened in due form by Chief Com
! pinion Mrs. Kate Nichols, and there was the
I initiation of a candidate by tne grand officers.
At the close of business there was an address
by tlio supreme grand crmf companion and
one by the i-ur.reme grand secretary, after
which" there were given several selections on
the piano by the circle's talented instrumental
is', Mr.->. Mamie Puhane. Then there was a
meeting in tne banquet-hall, where the visit
ors were the guests of honor.
Past Chief Companion Mrs. Annie Elliott de
livered ii very interesting address which was
listened to with a great deal of attention.
When the time for saying "good-by" came the
statement was made that the visit had been
very much enjoyed, and the hope was ex
pressed that before the close of the year there
might be aiaiiy such happy gatherings.
Mission Tent of the Mairabres.
The following named officers of Mission
Tent. Knights of the Maccabeeo, were installed
a few evenfnes since by S. \V, Hall, deputy su
preme cominam.er: A. J. Cyford, past com
mander; t~. A. Seaman, commander; D. B.
Bowley, lieuie:iant-commander; J. H. Hu
baehek, record keeper; G. A. Christiansen,
tiuanee keeper; B. Xelsser. chaplain; Fred
I Brodt. sergeant ; I»r. Q, H. Evans, physician;
I G. L. Morgan, mHster-at-arms; C. B. Classen,
master of the guard ; H. L. Stieglitz, sentinel;
C. 11. Rogers, picket.
Order of the World.
Silver Star Lodge held a well-attended and
interesting meeting in Foresters' Hall, on Eddy
street, last Tuesday evening. After the trans-
I action of the business of the evening Mrs M.
I'enman and T. U Cahill entertained the mem
bers with vocalization and guitar accompani
ment. _______^___^__
A NURSE FOR NEEDY SICK
Many Charitable Societies Wish
to Unite in Employ
ing One.
Ccnferenca Held Wtdiesday and the
Idea Discussed as Feasible
and Economical
The San Francisco Conference of Chari
ties, in session Wednesday afternoon in
Golden Gate Hall, discussed the practica
bility of co-operation among tha various
benevolent organizations for the specific
purpose of employing a regular trained
nurse to visit and give simple practical
suggestions to the households of the most
urgent cases of sickness among the worthy
Dut inefficient poor of the City.
A committee consisting of Miss Bryce,
president of the Fruit and Flower Mis
sion; Mrs. Flint, secretary of the Asso
ciated Charities, and Mrs. Fonda of the
Mizpah Club was appointed to ascertain
the i'oit of a benevolently inclined nurse
and the names of the different societies in
tne conference that will contribute a pro
rata share of such monthly salary as may
be deemed proper and suitable for an in
teiested, conscientious woman nurse. All
communications and suggestions on the
subject may be addressed to the chairman
of tne committee, Miss Bryce, at 1524 Vai
lejo street.
Twenty of the twenty- rive societies con
stitutine the conference were repre
sented by delegates at the meeting. All
expressed tnemselves as favorable to the
project of employing a regular nurse and
all seemed impressed with the practica
bility and economy of the plan.
Tlie subject for discussion was the ad
visability of co-operation in all branches
o! charitable work undertaken by various
societies. Mr?. George H. Buckingham
of tlie Fruit and Fiower Mission opened
the discussion with a paper in which she
urged co-operation as a means of reaching
more cases of deserving poor and of
avoiding multiple attentions on the part
of several societies to some unwortny
case. She merit oned that the city of
1' iisdeiphUi employs district nurses to
visit the sick among the needy poor.
Comments and suggestions by a number
of the delegates followed. Some most
practical and appropriate points were
brought out by Miss Bryce, and it was
she who first advocated the employment
of a nurse.
Chairman G. G. Woo lward, a member
of the British Benevolent Society, an
nounced the appointment of an executive
committee of the conference with the fol
lowing member*: Mrs. E*berg of the
Emanu-El S;sternood, Mrs. Flint of the
Associated Charities, Mrs. Popert of the
German Lidies' Benevolent Society, Rev.
\V. I. Kip Jr. of the Good Samaritan Mis
sion and O»good Putnam of the Asso
ciated Charities.
Tup secretary of the conference, J. C.
AstreUo, announced that societies having
boy applicants for aid should send them
to him at 24!) Second street, where efforts
would be made to provide for them.
At the conclusion of the meeting tea
and light reireshments were served to the
delegates by the ladies of the Fruit and
Flower Mission, under whose particular
auspices the session was heid.
The con:ercnce will meet again In about
six weeks at some place to be determined
upon later.
Mayor I'helan Turned in the Feel.
Colonel Sullivan, Mayor Phelan's private
secretary, yesterday turned in to the posses
sion and custody of the City Treasurer at the
new City Hall .f'24. fee 1 * foroutside lauds deeds
which had been signed by the Mayor. During
the term of Mr. smro's incumbency of the of
fice of Mayor $324 was collected for such
deeds, but no r ayinent was mad<- of such fees
to i he treasury. Mayor Phelan's act shows
tnat he construes the law to read that such
fees must legally be turned into the treasury,
and this view is sbarea by Auditor BroderlcK.
Colonel Sullivan said that be had been In
structed to place all fees collected in the
Mayor's office in the City treasury.
Three Inquentg.
A Coroner's jury decided yesterday that the
death of Dan'.i-l Fleming of 34 Golden Gate
avenue two days ago was due to an accident.
Fleming received his injuries In the Union
Iron Works, being struck from above by a
failing iron plate. There is an irithnntiou in
the verdict that the bolt holding had not been
carefully inspected.
Emma McQnoid, who took carbolic acid at
208 Shotwell street, was declared a suicide.
The case of William Ratcliffe, who was killed
by a fall from a halyard on the ship liiddekel,
was declared an accident.
State Prison Machinery.
Messrs. Kerr, Allen and Kuiman, a majority
of the legislative committee of the Manuiac
tuters* and Producers' Association, to whom
was submitted the question of introducing a
bill in the Legislature doing away with the
use of machinery in the State prigous after
December 31, 1807, met in the rooms of that
organization in the Mills building yesterday,
and a majority reported adversely. Mr. Kerr
will file- a minority report.
Offering a Bribe.
Frank Marty, the milkman who was In
dicted by the Grand Jury for offering a bribe
of $1000 to Supervisor Dodge to get his influ
ence in securing the contract for supplylug the
City and County Hospital and Almshouse with
milk, surrendered himself at police headquar
ters yesterday morning. A warrant had been
issued for his arrest from the Superior Court.
He was booked at the City Prison and immedi
ately released on $5000 bonds.
The Union Mas*-Meetfng.
To-day at 3 o'clock there will be a grand
union mass-meeting o( all the City churches
at the Young Men's Christian Association
Auditorium, Mason and Kills streets, to be ad
dressed by Miss I. C. de Veiling of Huston.
Her subject will be "Our Relation and Duty to
the Twentieth Century." The service will be
iree to the public, both ladies and gentlemen.
The Twentieth Century.
This afternoon at 3 o'clock Miss 1. C.
de Veiling of Bostou will deliver a special ad
dress at the Young Men's Christian Assocla
tiou Auditorium, Maton and E.lis streets, on
••Our Relation and Duty to the Twentieth
Century." The service will be free to both
ladies and gentlemen. There will be some
excellent music for the occasion.
POLICE JUDGES
ON THE GRILL
Their Action in Pure Food
Cases Scored Without
Mercy.
A Council of Associated Indus
tries Committee Grows
Indignant
It Desires the Sale of Impure Fo d
Made a Fekny Instead of a
Misdemeanor.
Police Judges on toast, served hot, with
bottled indignation on the side. That
was the bill of fare at a meeting of the
pure food committee of the Council of As
sociated Industries, held in the Mills build*
injr yesterday. %
The session opened with a discussion of
the best methods of making dealers sup
ply their patrons with food chemically
pure and the reasons why the Jaws now
on the statute-books have so signally
failed of their intent. Chairman Isidor
Jacobs opened the discussion by laying
the Police Judges by the heels.
"Gentlemen," he asserted emphatically,
poundin? the table to ada greater force to
bis remarKs, "the cause of th« whole
trouble lies with our Police Judges. They
are the man that deserve the cudgel in
this matter.
"Case after case is brought before them
and is turned away day after day in a
manner simply shameful. They are will
ing for your wives and babies to be slowly
poisoned day after day rather than treat
the violators of this most just law as they
properly deserve. We should request
these men to meet with us and explain
why they refuse to take cognisance of
these cases."
Tlien J. W. Kerr took a harder shot at
the offending magistrates. Uis voice
trembled witu indignation as he spoke.
"What!" he exclaimed. "Meet in con
sultation with men who admit— or at
least some of whom do — that they are un
willing to execute their sworn duty for the
fear of losing votes ? Ifot I. I beg to be
excused. We could do nothing to influ
ence such persons anyway."
Other members took a hand in the pro
ceedings at some length. Methods to ob
viate the difficulty were freely discussed.
The idea that met with the most approval
was to have a bill passed making the sale
of impure food a ieiony instead of a mis
demeanor. Tnen, B. K. Rowley said, the
cases would properly come before the Su
perior Courts, and the presiding Judge
could select one of his associates to hear
all such cases.
P. J. Healy and Isidor Jacobs were ap
pointed a committee to confer with Gar
ret \V. McEnerney, the attorney for the
Board of Health, to see bow matters could
be expedited and the proper way to urge
the reform.
Among other things discussed was the
subject of adulterating cat»up with
salicylic acid. B. N. Rowley said he had
given the matter due consideration and
examination and had found that while
the acid was not poisonous it prevented
fermentation of food in the stomach, a
process vital in food digestion.
The recent agitation of the sale of im
pure food was asserted to have made a de
crease in the importation of canned
goods and jellies from the East to the
amount of $15,000 monthly.
Adjournment 'was taken after per
manent organization of the committee,
with the election of Isidor Jncobs as presi
dent, .1. W. Kerr as vice-president and
Oscar Lewis as secretary.
BRENNAN IS IN NO HURRY
Willing to Wait a Month for
His Three Felony
Trials.
Young Theresa Tarpey, the Victim,
Seeps in Her Grave, and Ha
U Out on Bail.
Nicholas Brennan, against whom three
felony charges are pending, complacently
smoked cigarettes in the corridor near
Judpe Wallace's court to-day, while
the lawyers were arranging for a further
postponement of the trial.
Unusual efforts have been put forth on
behalf of this young man, who, tnough
quite insigniticantin looks and bearing on
his face the marlci of early dissipation,
appears to have behind him in an unusual
degree that mysterious influence which is
called "the pull."
Brennan is accused of extorting money
from Theresa Tarpey, formerly a domestic
servant in this City, but who is now dead.
It is also alleged that he feloniously as
saulted her and subsequently forced her
into a disreputable house for the purpose
of compelling her to support him.
According to the facts elicited in the
preliminary charge and examination
Brennan harassed his victim, who was an
industrious girl Detween 16 and 17 years
of age. He peremptorily demanded
money and was willing to sacrifice her in
every way to gratify his cupidity. Fol
lowing it a copy of one of hia letters to
the girl, copied from the official records
of the case, and it indicates the style of
his dealings with his victim :
Saturday, Dec. 21, 1895.
Test: What do yon mean by not showing up
this afternoon as I asked you to? Do you
want to get hurt? Ihu mad — positively mad.
I've a strong inclination to knock the stuffing
out of you. If you didn't want to come you
could have sent word to that effect and we
could h«ve called it all off. I want some
money and must have it, and you have got to
get it for me or it will be the worst for
you. By God, if you don't send it I will go
up where you are working and raise m
general. If you can't get ten get five and send
it back by the boy. I'm not running a bluff.
I've got to have it and you've got to get It. I
want you to come to Green and Hyde to-night
at 8 and no iooling. You've got me mad and
you better not fool me if you know what's
good for yourself. Be sure and send it b*ck by
the boy. Yours, Nick.
530 California street, room 11.
Wl;en that letter was read to Brennan
on the occasion of bis arraignment be ap
peared to enjoy it, and he set- med to think
there was something witty about it, for i c
came near lauphing though his face still
retained the pallor that always accompa
nies cigarette stains on the fingers.
All the charges against Brennan went
over a week. He is willing to wait n.
month no doubt as he is out on bail. But
his victim is in her grave.
• — * — •
Music at the Park.
The following is the programme for , the
.music at Golden Gate Park to-day :
Overture, "Orpheus" Offenbach
Serenade, "Alpenhorn" E. Kronach
solo tor I- ranch horn. Mr. K. Schotu
Selection, "Ivucrezia Borgia" — Donizetti
Wafts, ■ Wine, Women and £ong" .. Strauss
Popular selection, "Coster songs," arranged by
Godfrey, as song by Albert Chevalier-Godfrey
"Tann hanger March" '.Wagner
Trombone quartet, Messrs. Scfcelner, Tobln,
Bellman and Bert rand i
Ballet music from ••I,es Vepres slclliennes". Verdi
Ini«rneiH>, • Cavalleria KnsUcana"..'.;.Mascaenl
Marcbe MUltaire "La Vennoise" Krai
-Jvyjt-^ ' NEW TO-DAY
TO THE SKEPTICS.
Dr. Sanden offers strong and convincing arguments
to the people who have formed different reasons for
doubting the curative powers of his famous Electric Belt.
See if you are one of them. Dr. Sanden loves a skeptic,
because most of them are his best friends to-day. Peo-
ple whom he has cured were once skeptics.
Does It Generate Electricity ?
Many doubt its Electric power, not understanding how so simple
an apparatus can make Electricity. It IS simple. An arrangement of
four layers of metal is formed into what is called a voltaic pile. There
are eighteen of these elements in Dr. Sanden's battery, arranged in a
chain, and each generates a strong electric force when excited by being
immersed in vinegar and water for one minute. This force is con-
ducted through each link of the chain to the end, from which it is con-
ducted to the body by electrodes, as shown in the picture above. Dr.
Sanden offers $5000 for one of his Belts which will not generate a force
of Electricity strong enough to be felt by the wearer as soon as charged
and applied to the body. The power of the battery is warranted to
last one year. Read Dr. Sanden's book.
Some Have Used Other Belts.
There are many other kinds of belts, termed Electric, and experi-
ence has proven that most of them are worthless, because they do not
generate Electricity. The cheap, shoddy strip of cloth, with a few
copper and zinc plates hidden inside, and sold at from $1 to $3, have a
substance something like mustard in the cloth. touching the skin, and
for the first few days this warms the skin and seems, to an ignorant
person, like an electric warmth; but in ten days the mustard gives out
and the gullible wearer is convinced . that it is worthless. Usually he
will then proceed to condemn Electric Belts, when, as a matter of fact,
he has not used an Electric Belt. The comparison is like that of a
child's tin watch beside a full jeweled and perfect movement one is
useful as a toy and the other has a substantial merit. The fakirs who
travel from town to town selling these cheap, worthless contrivances
take advantage of the limited ! knowledge of sufferers on this subject,
and make them believe they are getting a valuable article at a low
price, when in reality the money is thrown away.. No belt is electric
unless you can feel the electric current from it, and Dr. Sanden war-
rants his in this respect. ? Read Dr. Sanden's book about it.
Some Have Failed With Drugs
And have lost all faith in everything. Many unfortunates have spent
every cent they have earned for years in feeding the quacks who live
and grow fat off this class. Many have spent hundreds of dollars with
physicians of high^standing without attaining the results desired — these
are naturally skeptical, and are justified. To them Dr. Sanden has
only to say there are over 500 in this city who have taken to Dr. San-
den's Electric Belt as a drowning man would grasp at a straw — as
little faith in it, and they have been cured by it. See their names in
his book.
Some Doubt the Curative Power of
Electricity.
Many people who have not studied the subject cannot understand
how electricity can do what is claimed for it. All scientific men, how-
ever, agree that it has a wonderful curative effect. Professor Fowler,
the world-famous author, said "Electricity is the instrumentality of all
life." Its great power is in the fact that the nerves of everything that
lives — man and beast— are electric wires, charged with electricity.
When the nerves are weak and any organic disease or vital weakness
results — disease resulting from poor action of any vital function —
the cause is a loss of the nerve power, electricity. When that power
is given to the nerves for hours at a time as it is from Dr. Sanden's
Electric Belt, the life springs fresh in the nerves, and is carried by
them to the weakened parts, and health bubbles forth in every element
of the body. Dr. Sanden's book, "Three Classes of Men," explains
this fully.
What Will Cure One Won't Cure Others,
So some people say, and it is true of drugs, because all drugs go to the
stomach, and the effect of the dose differs according to the condition of
the stomach receiving it. Some diseases can be reached by stomach-
dosing ; others cannot. Some people can swallow 20 grains of quinine
at once and feel no effect ; others are stupefied by 5 grains. Therefore,
drugs are powerless in some cases, because unnatural, not adapted to
the disease nor to the patient. Electricity is not a drug; it is a natural
element of the nerves;' it is apart of the body, and its application only
adds to the natural vital force until that force grows strong enough by
the steady infusion of the current to throw off disease and regain the
full vigor of the body. Dr. Sanden's famous book, "Three Classes of
Men," which is free upon application, explains the difference between
drugs and electricity.
Are You Convinced ?
The points which people most frequently offer as justification - for
their lack of faith in Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt are fully covered and
answered. There is no other reasonable argument against the use of
this famous appliance by people who are weak, pain-racked and ner-
vous. It cures cases which medicine cures and cures many which
medicine does not. It is the Mecca of the skeptic, the despondent and
hopeless sufferer. It is the fountain .of life to the weak man and
woman. Are you in need of it, or . of the help it is claimed to give
Have you lost any of your vital nerve force— your strength of manhood
or womanhood ? If so, call and see it, or if you cannot do that, send
for the book, "Three Classes of Men." It is full of interesting facts
for your study, and has letters from hundreds of grateful people, your
neighbors, who have been cured by Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt. It is
free, closely sealed, by mail. Call or address
&uaL.isr^>snsr bijEctiiio 00.,
• 632 MARKET ST., OPPOSITE PALACE MOTEL, SAN FRANCISCO.
Office hours— B A. M. to 8 P. M. ; Sundays, 10 to L Los Angeles Office 201 South Broad,
way ; Portland, Or.. 253 Washington street ; Denver, Colo., 033 Sixteenth street. . . - .>.v. \
JsOlh.— jlake no misuse in the number— 633 Market street.
910
CORBETT SELECTS
PUGILIST JEFFRIES
The Los Angeles Champion
Will Box With Jim
After His Fight.
If Successful Jeffries Will Go
East With the Carbett
Company.
Georje Green May Be Matched to
Fight Tracer cr Ryan in
Carson.
Jim Corbett is making preparations to
leave this City on Monday evening for
Reno, at which place iie will give an ex
hibition on Tuesday evenins. The report
which was circulated yesterday that 11
'"orDett appeared in a boxing contest in
Reno he would be arrested, unless he paid
a license of $1000, was ridiculed by thp
champion, who saya that there will be no
hitch in the arrangements that have been
made by hia odvance yent. The $1000
license refers only to finish contests;
tnerefore he foars no annoyance frora t he
authorities so far as boxing entertain
ment" are concerned.
Corbett was promptly on time yesterday
afternoon at the San Francisco Handball
Court, where he playe"d several games with
Nealon, Bonnet and other local stars iv
handballism. lit- thinks Jim Nealon a
wonaeruil player for a man of his age and
weight, and doe:, not hesitate to say that I
with a little practice Neaion could give •
him (Corbett) a close race in a match of I
best two out of three games. Nealon j
promised the champion t^at he won v j
meet him in the Corbett handball court,
Carson City, a week or so before the fijht. J
and tben'the people of the Sagebrush >tat;
will nave an opportunity of seeing who is
the better man at handball. Nealon in
sists, though, that Corbett mu&i carry
wight for age so long as he persists in sav
ing that Neaion is too old 10 go a long dis
tance.
Last evening Corbett had a long chat
with Jeffries the champion heavy-weight
pugilist of Los Angeles, who is matched
to fight Stelzner in a few weeks, and the
conversation ended very favorably 10 both
fighters. Jeffries agreed to leave this City
for Carson immediately after his fight and
Corbett will have him among his stable of
fistic gladiators. The champion is very
favorably impressed with Jeffries' appear
ance, and it is safe to state that it the Los
Angeles pugilist defeats Stelzner he will
he one oi Corbet star performer?, as
Jim intends to make an extensive tour
through this country and England during
the summer months.
Of course, ii Fitzsimmons should win
the championship Corbett will not go
t"uring, but tue native son is as positive
of whipping the Cornish man as be is of
entering tlie ring on March 17. Every
body is surprised at : he champion's im
proved appearance. Of course be will
never lose the sallow appearance which
some people think is an indication oi a
partly wrecked constitution.
Corbeit wore the same color when he
fought Choynski on the barge some years
him;, and many people were then of the
impression that he had jaundice or
bilious trouble of some kind. But Cor
bett'a eyes are Dri^ht now, and, to u.«e his
own word*, he never felt better in bis li.'c.
He will s[mr to-day at the Chutes, and
on Monaav he wil have his last game of
iian i ball in the San Francisco ball cmm.
Harry Corbett will run a special Pnil
nian to the scene of the oatiie, either a
week or so before the day of the f'lsbt or
on ihe day previous to the fight. All will
depend upon the attractions which Stuart
Will arrange.
It is «aid that Georee Green will be
matched to li^hi either Tommy Ryan or
Tom Tracey.
Green bad a great ad vantage over Tracey
in weijrht the last time they fought in tbi«
City, and there are many goo.l judge? of
pugilism who are of the opinion that Tra
«y ran Green if the pugilists enter
the ring at 145 pounds. Green Weighed
JSO pounds when he defeated Trace; by
getting the decision at the end of the tenth
round.
Sportine men will be surprised lo learn
that oid Professor Farlevhas cone tiled to
■ell his old homestead near the Industrial
School, at wbicb piace many a rig. l -t«»r put
on the finishing touches. Fariey will
retire to private life for tite balance of bis
days.
SIXTEEN FORTY THE FARE
That Is What It Will Cost to
Go and Come From
Carson.
Bat the Pullman Rate Is $2 a Day
Extra— One Fare and a Third
for Intermediate Points.
V - ■ _________
The rate from San Francisco to Carson
has been definitely fixed by the Southern
Pacific Company at |16 40, as forecast by
The Call yesterday. It is subdivided—
$13 40 between Ban Francisco and Reno
and $3 between the latter place and Car
eon.
This, as Mr. Stabbs explained yester
day, Is a little less than a fare and a tenth.
He said the company was not advised
yet as to the fare east of Ogden, but
thought there was no doubt the $30 rate to
the Missouri River would prevail. Of the
$35 rate between Ogden and Carson he
said it was $32 so far as his road was con
cerned, for that was what it would get out
of it. 'ii^jil
As to the rate for intermediate points,
or the rate for points east of San
Francisco, as, for instance, Sacramento
nnd other way places to Carbon, it will be
a fare and a third. This has been ar
ranged as definitely as the $16 40 round
trip rate from here.
For points south, including such places
as Los Angeles, Pasadena and San Diego,
the rate will be a fare and a fifth.
There is much speculation as to how
many wil! go from California to see tne
battle. The number In variously esti
mated At from 1000 and 1500 upward, «ome
hazarding tha opinion that it will be
tnousands-
About the Pullmans not being able to
pet over the road from Reno to Carson
there was a smile at the Southern Pacific
office. <:-
"You can depend uron it that the car?
will get through. That's what we are
here for. Pullmans have gone through
hitherto, and we know no reason why
they cannot now. he heavy engines are
a more difficult problem. Some of the
bridges may appear a little light, or the
rails in some places, or the grades steep.
.We will remedy all these things, of course,
and get the people through.
"The Pullmans ore not lone but we
can make the turns. That wil!*be accom
plished all right enough." . .-" .
'• Reynold*' Csottmpt of Court. .
Junes Reynolds, an eld man who intuited
jurors lor declaring his son Thomas guilty of
burglary, was adjudged guilty of contempt of
i-oiiri by Judre Cools yesterday. Inasmuch as
the prisoner had served tweuty-four hour* and
had rppp?ited of Im error, his Honor imposed
a nuraiuat fine of $1.
LAST OP "LITTLE PETE."
His liody Was Shipped for China Ttl-
lei-dar oh the City of Peking.
A part of tne cargoof thesteamship City
of Pelting, whicb put to sea yesterday for
Yokohama and Hongkong, consisted of
the uo.iy of Little Fete. His widow and a
few friends were at the wharf to watch the
shipment o! ttie remains. No demonstra
tion was made. The widow wiil remain in
this City nun. her husband's estate is set
tled.
WINE FOE SGIENOE ONLY.
Rare Vintage* That Will Never Slake a.
Ron Vivant's Thirst.
In England there is a cellar full of
wines of the choicest vintages, which bid
fair to spoil for temperance sake. Years
ago, by the. will of Sir Walter Trevelyn
of Northumberland, England. that
knight's famous wine cellar became the
property of Sir Benjamin Richardson
the head of the Temperance Hospital in
London. . Bin the will enjoined Sir Ben
jamin Irorn using the wine for other than
"scientific" purpose?." Convinced that
none of 'lie wine in all •t. c sixty dozen
famous vintages in the cellar could be
used for the onrf-ose specified, Sir Ben
iaruin dm not draw the cork of a|;ingie
b.nile.
At I;!* death recently his widow became
the possessor of Hie valuable cellar, but
she, too, is forbidden to use it except in
the interest oi science. Sue cannot, un
der the will, sell the now famous wines,
even to donate the proceed^ to the cause
cf temperance. To store the many bot
tles year alter year is expensive, and yet
there seems to be but one other course— to
destroy. — I'ntsburg Dispatch.
HO. EL
GRAND HOlEf. I
N Wines. S;a Barbara I Flanagan, Mendocino ■
X Flan»_au, .Mendocino R T Devlin. Sacto
F. X Mniih. sacto W C Flite, Vail, jo
J X Alexander, Salinas M E Jooes, Cal
W D Wheelwright, N V KH Urass, Tacom*
W SunjntertieM, lacoma Mrs I T Olds, Tacoma
Miss C old*. lucoma J F rows. Cal
I I dimming^. I' -no i; s Badgiv. Denver
Mrs M F Bauger.Denver U L and I ess, sacto
R C Reynolds, .-. iihurii P S Reynolds, Annum
J Thexier, Paiclneg (; Kea on, Gllroy
Mrs II J Wlii»or,Sn Jose Miss X Keatinar, Sn Jose
X I' loby, Portland - J A tJrozer it w, .N V
Mr* Farquar, Chlrago Miss A Farquar. Chicago
IW T Maurice.Los Ang si Axmi.ii, san Pedrj,
J o McCourt, Klslnore X J Kine, Forimia "
Mrs H H Smith, Cal . f M \\>m . Stockton
L. L l.aiißion, SiocKton R T Day, s»cio
A M JamiHon, Cat H It Mon<-. »n Jose
Mrs II > ody.Cil Mils' A Meyers, Alatneda
(i It Oliver, Carson . .Hi <. him*, si Helena
F. H Morton. Boston w a % onnir, i:o<
(i X l-ane. Sac to A liii». tetocktoa
C A Whliemore.Prtland \V I» i«n?, .N>v CUy
B Morse, Kivprslde A J Walsb, Urorille
paLacea Lace hotel.
H H Plicber. LlTtriuore L Ilorton. Michigan
John ii ferien, I.ivermore T (..■!! n>. too i iiov
J B Agent, *e;it ]c FT Joase. R V
0 Hel bnru. Butlc " K'll B:eok, H V
W H Walton, Henn U 8 Xyce Aw, I»«nn
J B Agent. Krno I M Knapp, \\ isrounln
F H Cullum. B y W F Norton, M V
O Plluo.p, Omaha • MihiuM Norton. N V
P I. F Kiting, CliKa^o C F Hawkins, Hall Das
B W I,ev! tinrlii'.ati II I I Uen'.hal. N V
1. Flest, Cincinnati J T DjMOejr< riiira-.-o
B V Kielnmao, Hacto Miss X Mi'lnmiii. Sacto
J I. Mflnman, Hacto. X D Legiiett, w, Monrana
W « Seeblne Olio H U Piicber, Vacaville
J Home, Kdlnburih. 1. A '1 rapnon. I<oudon
W" II Run, TaroiuH .1 L, nrray, I aroma
G M Naughton. Syracuse J I' Fearin, Shanghai
John I.ldueil, Shan-hi I FAzscoth, >>hi:nuhat
A Simpson, Foofhow Hl' Whitney &w, > V
UTPoiodea.er, Stanford
• : -•'■■ 1.1 X HOUSE.
▲ C'b*vanne & w, Grs V D Fricat, Grass Valley
J D Brown. i li!' at" R F Alien, Oakland
I* i:UHii!tj..T aiu. Bedwd J X i.yinun. San Jose
A X Pryar. Cal • JO Bull. Arcata
W X Russ, ! ureka F. I>t4«odrica, X V
<' hcbnabal, Portland, Or <• Becker, Palermo, Cal
J i< ( .<risle, or»vll.e \V Ui.njt»ri, Ash and
<< Burden, .Maria Co F Kingion run. a lara
Mrs a idly, tiff ramento I) Sn.\d>-r<t; w, Ind
is F *rotth. -MCi amen to li Kalzmsteln. hacrmnto
JA. \Viin>ans< >n . J ■•(>oodw;n. Yo.i Bet
W TJ Robtifiißf SI J Mar»iv. Sacramento
Mrs Knapp, i awthoroe Mrs Clark, oid and
l. Denatit, Man Rafael X liarlan 'an Ramon
Mrs Wal-.li, Mockton C F s-ni::h, San DieiO
Mrs Levy«fec, v. Moon J F leek, .Merced
H i (Jeer. Titr'ock ! « s Blo.<<s, At»at< r
I'- Johnson, Sacrftraento Mrs Jolin-u.u, S<cramnto
R &t»-v«-n?on. Ainlo Park I) Titus, ral
FK Titus. Cal' \v At wood. WasU
J M Mannon, Uklah P Sawyer. Cat
M (Staff, I.os Angeles O Bia »-, .-on^ra
Baldwin hotel. ■-:
J C Lynch, i.os A ngeles P t/rowley. Tamalpais
•1 ibs. nnni(.y,f»k Miss Armstrong. Oaklnd
M J.if brrnimiii, i'oitland T rt Clark, Portland
C i.reenberg.X Whaicum X B H >•<;.< .>mij. Wnsb
Mrs T X sianihm i r I) I- Johnmn, Ch>ca>o
C X A len, Orson J Guihor i «fc wf, Or
Miss B Weber, Portland Mis c 11 man. Arias
G X Nolao. Lo» Ann Pi- It .11 too <t wf. N V
Mis-? Plnkerton. S V .1 J (j .11, -ant« Cruz
* Cameron &w, Spokane U . mliermei, Spokane
D X Oliver, Mocitton' X ■ 1:11. Irvin ion
\V l> Davis. N V . f VV X A.artin. N v
Mts^ M Martin, !» A' - W O Barret', Chicago
A M Brebim, NY M V Cxbrane, M Kafael "
H Pritcbard, Hausalito 11 M^ihew., &. t. -an .Jo*e
11 W Tobln, N;Y L Harris & wf, Sacramio
Miss Muci4»-y. Kacrarnento .- ■
NKW .WESTERN HOTEL.
X W Anderson, s Pablo II Levin, Valley Ford
H X Kliae, Siockton - :J X Whiimarsh, :> V
P 1- 1 i-.op. m Louis ' M J Lawrence. Vallejo !
it Donaldson,' Tulare P M Doyle. !>anta i:oia
J W" .Nomora, Freino D Boyle, Kregoo
O l>.erKon. Los An«e>s \V A Bradford, Eureka
E stanhope, < ai ' ■ a Jißiown, bad*
MrsKHyni9nd<kc,Coosßy VV >; Cooj <fe w, Xcv
J H Franklin: Alcair«z I B Flnley. Cal - • .
X Bartits Cal F M Chaff c A. w. Cal
.T O'C'oniiell. IjOsAng' O IfeGnevejr, Denver
M CulUa, Poeblo J Green, .Jenver
J Logan, Sacio J Ack«rman. Bed Buff
V Toomry, (al ■ " ' ■% Vi Mita s Dt.lun, Lo» auk
I" Scott. Cixoo ■:•
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL. SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 14, 1897.
WILL OPEN THE
NEW DISPENSARY
Washington's Birthday to
Be Specially Ob
served.
Th: Salvationists' New Institute
for the Poor and Sick to
Open Its Doors.
i A Paradr— An Auction Sale of 150
Children and an Installation of
Alajr and Mrs. Wit.chell.
The. new Salvation Army Institute for!
woritingmen, on the corner of New Mont
gomery and Howard street?, will b?
opened with appropriate ceremonies on
Washington's birthday at 10:.:0 a.m. In
! honor of the occasion specinl meetingb
and parades wi!J* be held. The parades
will be entirely different from anything
1 previously seen in this City, and will be
j well worth witnessing. Numerous floats
will be conspicuous exemplifying the dif
ferent branches of the army's social work
: on this coast.
In the afternoon a meeting will be held
I that will be both original and unique, the
I like of which lias never before been seen
lin this City. This will he the auction of
: 150 children. In the evening a grand so
j cial exposition will take place in Metropol
itan Temple. A stereopticon exhibition,
a number of phonographic pieces md a
display of social sidelights typical of the
work Deing done and 10 he done by the
army in this vicinity will form the pro
gramme.
One of the most important branches of
this new Salvation Army Institute will be
th<» establishment of a d»spensnry.
How much such an institution :s needed
Physicians Who Have Tendered
Their Services for the New
Dispensary.
in this City can only be appreciated by
those who are constantly thrown in con- i
tact with these cases of destitution and
Sicknee*.
'llie army oflicers who are constantly
vii-tting from hou-e 'o houso In this City
meet with many cases where people are
dying for want of proner medical attend
ance. To alleviate the snffenng* and to
supply their wants in snch instances this
important branch of the army work Will
i;e inaugurated.
The to. lowing well-known and rkilifa]
physicians lihvb volunteered their services
for this H'spensarv: Drs. 1). Brandley I
Plymire, T. B. de Witt, J. Anderson ami
Nathan Ro^erx. T(ie>ewlll attend for ihe !
present to the ca>-es of general «ick ness I
and suirsery. li: addition lo these l)r. j
Hayes C. French, the eminent epecinlist i
on the eye and ear, will give his services ;
in the treatment of tlie^o trouble*. The j
hours for the present will be from 10 to 12
each dny. Besides tins staff many other
prominent physicians have offered their
services, winch in ihe near future will
probably he accepted.
Three lleht, ai y rooms have been set
aside in the new institute on New Mon t
gomery for the use oi the dispensary,
which will be used as follows: One for con
sultation, one for dispensary, and anoth'T
lor surgery. Oiher branches are being
formulated by Major Wincheli, which, !
owing to the lack of time, have not been
brought to a head, but in a short time will
be completed.
In audition to the Workingmen's Insti
tute there will be a woodyard, from which
work can be supplied, a window and
house cleaning company, interstate labor
bureau and a laundry wnere poor women
who come to the shelter for help can se
cure work as soon as they are ab:e to do !
any. This is regarded by the charitable as
a great and good work and deserves the
hearty co-operation of the public.
LOCAL CHURCH NEWS.
Rev. Mr. Haskett Smith of London
to Preach at Trinity Episcopal
Church This Morning:.
At Trinity Episcopal Church to-night
there is to be a special musical service,
the day being Septuagesima Sumiav. Fol
j lowing is the programme in full, as ar
' ranged by EL J. Stewart, musical director
ai-.d organist :
Opening hymn 673; magnificat in F
(Hopkins); soprano solo and chorus, "The
Night is Calm" (Sullivan); tenor solo,
"The Lord Is Very Pitiful' (Benedict);
trio, "Love* Never Failing" (Rossini);
! contralto solo, "My Redeemer anrt My
Lord' 1 (Buck) ; quartet, "0 Come Every
One That Tuirsteth" (Meiuleissuhn)';
I chorus, with quartet, O God, When Thou
1 Appearest" (Mozart).
At the morning -ervice beginning at 11
o'clock Rev. Haskett Smith of London
will preach the sermon.
Bt. Matthew's Lutheran Church on
Eleventh sireet will holu an entertain
ment in St. George's Hail on next Thurs
day eveninc
A pine organ in ihe Norwegian Luther
an Church on Howard street will be dedi
cated with proper ceremonies this evening.
The First English Luiheran Church of
Oakland will celebrate the four hundredth
nnntrersary of Melanctuon on next
Weunesdav evening.
On next Tuesday evening; the four hun
dredth anniversary of the bfrtn of Philip
Melancthon will be celebrated in the
First EiiL'lish Lutheran Church. All the
Lutherans of tie City will join in the cele
bration. Addre*ses by local and foreign
talent will be delivered. Next to Luther
Meianrthon was the leading theologian
of the Reformation. But as a scholar he
is most <"-lebrated.
Last Thursday evening the people of St.
Paul's Lutheran congregation celebrated
the thirtieth anniversary of their organiz
ation.
A series of six sermons on the "Story of
Either" will be delivered in the Howard
J'resbyterian Church, corner of Oak and
Baker streets, by the [>a*tor, Rev. F. R.
Farrand, beeinninp this morning at 11
o'clock and continuing each succestive
Sablath morning.
Rev. Dr. Minton and his fumily have re
turned to their home in nan Anselrno
after a five-weeks' visit here.
Uev. Dr. E. R. Ditle wkll lecture on
"Pioneers, Their Work and Waßes," on
Tuesday evening, February 23. The lec
tures will be »iven nnder the auspices of
the Christian Endeavorers of Central M.
E. Church, in aid of tbe 1P97 convention
fund.
The cathedral branch of the League of
the Cross will bold a rally at Saratoga
Hall. Geary street, between Hyde and
Larkin. on " Friday evening next, the 19th
inst. The exercises will be held under
t» c auspices of Company A, League of
the Cross Cadets. Privates Murphy, Cram
an i Plunkett of Company A will compete
in tbo essay contest on the subject,
'•What leanness Costs." The or>m
tniueeof arrangements bus prepared an ex
cellent programme for trie occasion. The
rally will commence at 8 o'clock. An in
vitation to attend is extended to all the
friends and members.
"An Evening With Washington" will
be given at Central M. E. Cliurvh on Mon
day evening, February 22 nnder th* aus
pices of the Ladies' Aid Boci«ty. There
will be patriotic «=oiir« mid patriotic
speed)"* by local talent.
Itev. Joseph if. i-niiih of Philadelphia
will preach at Central M. K. Church to
di:y, both in the morning and evening.
He will ulso conduct a children's service
in connection with the Hand ly-sciiool and
a Pentecostal service at a joint meeting of
the Young People's societies at 6:15 p. m.
(special meetings will continue all the
present week. Bible exposition and Pen
tecostal service daily at 2 p. m.
A festival of seasons will be held at the
Grace If. E. Church on May 2, 3, 4 and 5.
The four seasons — autumn, winter, spring
and summer — will be presented by the
Epwortn League (King's Daughters) and
bunday-sctiool, each society taking an
evening, and all combining in a grand
climax on the fourth nignt. Summer
suppers will be served each evening.
There will also be refreshment booths, at
which may b« had the fruits of au umn,
ihe flowers of springtime, the coolins
drink* and ices of summer and the pastime
refreshments of winter.
The entertainment to be given for the
benefit ol the Ladies' Aid Society of
Howard M. E. Churc'i on Monday even
ing, February 22 (Washington's Birthday)
promises to be one of the most unique and
attractive ever given. Miss Stella Ames
will be the elocutionist of the evening, in
addition to which the following will pnr
licipaie: Housemaid*' drill by sixteen
children ; contralto and bnrytone duet, Mr.
and Mrs. G. H. L. Beckendorff; tenorsolo,
Mr. Alfr-d Wilkie; lute solo, Mr. Samuel
Adelstein; selections by the LvricQuar
| tet, composed of Mrs. Martin Schultz,
first soprano, Miss Ethel Tillson, second
soprano. Mis? Alice Partridge, first alto,
and Miss Nellie Partridge, second alto:
rainbow drill by twelve young ladies; Ten
i nyson's "Jiugle Song" (illustrated by mov
! ing tableaux wiiii illuminating effect, and
i cornet accompaniment by Mr. C. H.
Park*) by several young ladies of the
ebnretr.
The Western Addition W. C. T. U. will
give an afternoon tea in the Epwctb.
league parlor of California-street church
on Tuesday afternoon, 16th inst. There
will be a good programme. Mrs. E. W.
Giese, Miss Graber, Miss Boardman and
MissStulz will recite; Miss May Cooke,
Mrs. Westcoit and the alto ouartet, under
the leadership of Mrs Marirner-Campbell,
will sing. Refreshments will be served
, from 2 to S o'clock.
Bishop Newman ha« been busy holding
special services in Southern California,
and on the 17th will leave for the East.
| On the 26th lie will deliver the annual ad
i dress at Oberlin College, in Ohio, and on
, Mirch 4 will be in Washington.
Tit* ladies of Epworth Church will serve
I a Martha Washington tea in the church
from 5 till 8:30 p. M. on February 22.
: There will be special music.
: An interesting lecture on "Picturesque
! California." illustrrted with I'.OO realistic
views, thrown by a powerful stereopticon,
will be given in "the church on February
23 :it 8 p. m.
The union revival services which have
been held with such good results at Caii
fornia-street Church and Simpson Memo
rial Chuich for the last six weeks will be
I beltl in First M. E. Church for the next
three w< eks, if not longer. There will be
mcc ings lor Bible reading and testimony
every afternoon at 3 o'clock, and «very
evenine: at 7:30 o'clock there will be
preaching serv c^s, the three pastors who
have teen engaged in the revival preach
ing alternately, the sermons followed
every evening with altar services. Fr day
will be a special day for the children, both
afternoon and evening.
It mom American War l>orite«.
The most celcDrated battle-steeds of the
C;vil War were Cincinnati, Traveler mii ■
Winchester, the favorite chargers of Grant,
Lee and Sheridan. When the hero of
Vicksburp visited Cincinnati a faw months
after the close of that brilliant campaign,
he was requested to Tint a dying man wlto
NEW TO-DAT.
CATARRH OF THE HEAD AND THROAT. SEND FOR CATARRH OF THE KIDNEYS.
The mo.t prevalent form of catarrh CONSULTATION BLANKS. Catarrh of the kldneya results either
re.ult. from neglected cold., fcpeedy WW3WI.IAIIW™ 01^ o from col.U or from overwork of the
»nd Inexpensive cure by the CopeUnd . &£> **«»neys In ■•paraiinf from the blood
t __j the polaonn that have been absorbed
■ ! - from catarrh of other organs. Speedy
"Is the breath foul _—_««.«— ————^——^——— and Inexpensive cure by the Copeland
"Is the voice husky ■— „.
"Do you spit up slime?" .. T . hands and feet swell „,,
"Do you ache all over"' Do 7 our hands and feet swell ?"
"Do you blow out tMbi?" '.'.l* thl , 8 more noticeable in the mornings?"
"Is the nose stopped up?" r Vj" ey cold 1 8nd cl " mi , n ? ? , „,
"Do you snore at n't lit -• ls there aln lu small of Dack ?
••Does yo" note dlicharM'" >Hr% .» "Do you see spots floßting befo-e the eyeif
••DoesThenoge bleed ea/iU V iP P^ " Are the eyes duU Bn<l •* |)rin « •"'
-I, thVre"k?ln^n d "•" h y ,Lr 1% "-Hava^ou
"Do crusts form In the nose V +1J A J . ¥ V* yo h u I * ln }**£* l :,?. ad?
"Is the nose stopped up?" *K *-^ .if «2 f.^t JJi«,J g h^ V.
-Do you sneeze agreai deal V if so, is It silvery white ? ' V
liw you sneeze n greai ncai f ,, T . h ' .•,•_ *-— ,. n# 4 i, r »i, «i
"is this worse toward night?" "'' r*,.*^" "* b "fttio"
"Does the nose itch and burn- "H «here nau^a af.er easing •>»
"Is thpre rain in front of head ?" ..ul^fLl ?J«, ir ,V 'k , K S .
"Is there pain across the eyes?" "Ha* the {jcrsjiration c bad dor V
-It there pain in back of head A J^W *' ~ A 1 ' i h ,hl'« h « Under th V T 5 § *" .
"Is vour sense of smell leaving?" A rI /\ >#-• 4* M "Are there dnrk D ro i l , nd the eye ' T
••Do you hawk to clear the throat?" l\ I Iftf|lT il {? A^hfikiS "iV.l d £*&
"Is there a dropping in the throat?" /m i 1I II If M "Ua* ihe »kin a waxy look?"
"Is the throat dry In the morning; ?•• Am A MVT■■+* ■ «- 'Do you we iinplesiint things whUeaaleepr
"Are you losing your sense of taste ?" , " lV * 7 "," , l: ' ll ' lv feelings down the back?"
•Do you sleep with the mouth open V ''"' l . ni! J 01 "'" P. a " "id ache ?"
"Does your nose stop up toward ntght?" "'"' ''"' '' ** ' eel to ° heavy V"
SHSHBMSISiaSaBai^Bi SBS^BSS^SSSSSSSS^BSSSSS^SI^RSSSSSSSS^BVSStBSSSSSSSHSBSSSSSWBaiSSSWBsVsIBBSSWBSSM BBSSSSS^M BSHSHMMHBSSHHMSI
Catarrh in any form te I dMiffOUl thing) if f)^ ' " rrl . it leads to
some serious form, tnd thffl €Ur§ i- d!ftl§UJ£ M )mposs)h\§. The thing
to do is to get cured •< onee by phy§itl3O*9 whc<§* §k\\\ hti saved thou-
sands. Read Ihr-.i •.-, nipi.-m-
All
Medicines
Free.
Our services in effecting a cure of any disease cost you only $5 a month,
and we supply all medicines absolutely free. No druggists' bills to
pay. We cure every form of disease, but make a specialty of CA-
TARRH, LUNG and THROAT TROUBLES, EYE and EAR. Con-
sultation and advice free.
COPELAND MEDICAL INSTITUTE
CATARRH OF THE EARS.
Catarrh extend* from ih>- tliruHt alone
th« Ka«ta\ohlan tube into the ear., cam-
ine deft-dive bearing. Spi-cdv ad lo-
eipemlve cure by the Cnpelaud ayatem
"Is your hearing failing '"
"Do your ears discharge?"
"Are tho ears dry and scaly ?"
"t» > me ears Itch ami burn 7"
••Is the wax dry in the ears f"
• '••• there a throbbing In the ears?"
"Arc you gradually getting deaf
"Have you pain behind fie ears ?"
'•Is there a buzzing sound heard?"
"Do you have a ringing in the *ar»?"
' 'Are there cracking soun<is heard?"
■I- your hearing baa cloudy days?"
"Do you have earache occasionally ?"
"Are the sound; like steatn escaping ?"
"Do you constantly lienr noUes In me ears?"
"Do your e«r» hurt whjn you blow your
BO»e ?"
•I- there a roaring like a waterfall in head?"
"Do you hear better some a«ys than others?"
"Do the noises In the e*r» keep you awake?"
"When you blow your nose do the ears
crack
"I* your hearing worse wnen you have a
cold ?"
was exceedingly desirous of seeing him.
When they met, the invalid said: "Gen
eral Grant, I wish, to give you' a noble
horse, who has no superior on the conti
nent, as a testimony of my admiration for
your character and past services to our
country. There is a condition attached to
to the gift; that you will always treat
him kindly." Grant accepted the magni
ficent bay, of course faithfully keeping
his promise and named him Cincinnati.
He was a son of Lexington, with a single
exception the fastest four-mile thorough
bred that ever ran on an American course.
! The general was offered $10,000 for the
horse, as he bad a record 01 speed almost
equal to that of hi« famous half-brother,
Kentucky. Cincinnati was a superb and
spirited stesd of great endurance, Grant
riding him almost constantly during the
Wilderness campaign, and passing from
end to end of our long lines. The noble
horse was retired soon after the close of
the war, enjoying "an old age of dignified
leisure" on a Maryland estate, where his
mastt-r frequently saw him, and where be
died and received honorable burial in Sep
tember, 1874.—The Outlook. t
• ■» —•
The ermine, which furnishes the fur for
merly used on the robes of judges, and
which gave a name to their calling, is 10
inches long.
SEW TO-DAT.
""77""
breaks up
COLDS
that hang on.
The STUBBORN COLD that hangs
on, creeping down on the Lungs,
often ending In Pneumonia,
Is checked by •• 77."
The OBSTINATE COLD,that clings
to the Throat, Threatening Tonsll-
1 1Is and even Diphtheria,
Is stopped by "77."
The TENACIOUS COLD. with
pains and chills "all over," lead-
ins to Crip,
-Is broken by •♦•77.**
.Dr. Humphreys' Homoeopathic Manual of Dli-
eases nt your Druggist's or Mailed Free.
A atnall bottle of pleasant pell ■.«; ills the vest
pocket. so d by druggists, or sent on receipt of
'2t> cents, or five for si. Humpnreys Med. to.,
cor. William ana John sts , New Yore.
El Using their own perfected i
K system of fitting eye glasses I
k anAsuaranteeiosall fteir 5
K worH as beio? absolutely x
Eg reliable Prices reasonable ■ j
916 Market St.
Columbian Building,
Over Beamish's,
Room 18 Third Floor
OFFICE HOURS:
From 9 A. JVt. to 12 M., 2 to 5
and 7 to 8 P. M.
Sundays and Holidays, 10 A. M.
to 12 M. only.
SEND FOR
CONSULTATION BUNKS.
A. RAILROAD THATrL.' j
MITHKI.I f*« I»I< COHFAITT.
(PAcrrir mvhtem.)
Tr*ln« lt>MT« nntl are tin* to mrrtvm ml '
MAX HUM
LEAVE — FBOM FKBBUABT 15, 1897 — ABRIVK
'•cO*a Kites. San Jose and Way Stations. j. B:4Sa
?:OOa Atlantic Express, Og<len and I. art.. Utiiii
7:OOa Banida, VacaTille, Rumsey. Sacra-
mento. OroTille and Redding via
Darts 6i4«p
7:SAa Martinez, San Ramon, Valiejo, Naps,
Caiistoga and Santa Rosa 6:13*
• :.'IOa Nile*. San Jose, Stockton, lone,
Sacramento, Marjsville, Chico,
and Red Uluir 4ilSp
•Bi3oa Peters and Milton.... , •7:18p
•iO«»a Now Orleans Kii>ress, Raymond (for
Vosamite). Fresno, Bakersfield. ; I
Santa Barbara, l.os Angeles, Dem<
ing. El l'asn, 'New Orleans and
East 4i4»p
•«OO a Martinez and Stockton 4 :4."» p
9:00a Valiejo 6ilsp
Nilas, San Jose, Livermore and
Stockton 7:19p
•l:OOp Sacramento Hirer Steamers .'... *U:OOp
l:OOr Niles. Han Jose and .Livermore 8:43a
fl:2*p Port Costa and Way Stations t?>49r
4:OWf Martinez. San ltainou. Valiejo,
Napa, CalUtoga, FA Verauo and
Santa ltoea •iISa
«:OOp Brnieia, Vacarille. Woodland
Knights Landing, MarjsviUe, Oro.
Tllle and Sacriunen'o 11:13a
4i3op Lathrop. Stockton, Modesto, Mer-
ced and Fresno, going via Niles,
returning vU Martinez 11i43a
. SiOOr Los Angelas Eipress. Tracy,
Fresno, Santa Barbara and l.os t.aw.
Augeli's 7.45a
8t«Op Santa Ve Route. Atlantic Express .
for Moja»« and East J :4Sa
6:<M»i- European Mall, Ug<l«n and Haas.... 954.1a
•<oot- Ha/trarda, Nilesaail Kan Jose ?:4»a
t?:OO Vail i jo 17:43*
7»OOp Oregon Kzprees.Hicrninento. Marts*
- vilie. Refilling. Tortlautl. I'uget
aontiilaiiil r.ost IlilSi
I *|10:**p "girosct Limited." Fresno, Los
Angeles. Hi Paso, New Orleans
and East |12:45p
SANTA CtM'X IUVt^ION (Kniroir «Jnni;c ) ~
• »Isa Newark.i;eiiterTiU<>.San.l*9e.Feltoii,
Boulder Creek.Santa Cruz and Way
Stations 3>3or
•a:18p Newark. Centir»ille, San Jose, New '
Almaden, Felton, Boulder Creek,
Santa Crux and Principal Way
Stations "11:20*
4il3p Newark. Ran Jose and Los Gatos ... 9jsOa
t11:4,1p Hunters Excursion. San Jose and
Way Stations }7i*Of
COAST HI VISION (lUinl A Tiwimcml SU.) "
0:43a .San Jose ami Way Stations (New '..
... u Mm * " Wednesdays only) 1,30*
0:1 » a Han Jose. Tres l'iiros, Santa Cruz
Parliic Cirove. Paso Rabies. Haa
Lnls Ol.isro, Ciuadahipe, Hurt and
Principal Way Stations 7:00*
I«:4Oa San Jose ami Wkv Stations . SiOOp
Il:3Va Palo Alto and Way Stations .. '. a -to»
•«iBOr San Mate.., Menlo Part San lose!
Gijroy. Tres Pinos, Kanta Crux!
&*»nM.Mnntereyaml PaclßelJrov. Mo:4«*
22 !K P 2 a " t 08l- "" ll W "y Stations »>4Sa
i S ?2'' 2 a ° r let * anit WRy Stations. . . . ... . •8:«»i
«. S ?2r «* t""" *'"', P J. lucl '* 1 W »T Stations -S:4sa
1II:43p fi.v» JosuaiKlWavSUtlons.......;; t7-4Sr
SAX I.KASUKU AM* HA* WARDS ,hh:al..
<<0:O«a , f — srprr
O-OOa I fO:4SA
io.'ooa I Melrose,Beral«»rjr Park, i?:*l.?*
Jl lmv T«t'*b.rs;,S.»Leai,dro »^J5'
-!-nn. "d ♦ 4:43P
4.S«p ««» \ «JJ»'
olsSr Howard- «««»'
«:«op ' *>™
. . CREEK ROUTE FERRY. .
I rromSlH NUKCISCO-Foot of Market Street (Slip 8)-
-•13 i!S IJ35^ n:00 • 2:o ° " :0 ° !
from 01KUND— Fool of Broadway.— '600 8:00
•sJcOr'U" tl3:0 ' 1:0 ° • t8:00 * 3:00 ** :0 ° I
• o A. for Morning. - P for Afternoon..
Sundays excepte.i. ♦ Saturdays only. I
tin « ■ _ ' Sundays only. .
lOB.TH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD
(▼!» bausall to Ferry).
VMM Sam Francisco, Commencing aepu 1& lit % :
I '" VUUATt.
' r «X]U Vail*/ and San Rafael-*7rt6. •til*
. 11:0»a. M.: «1:45, S :45. »5:16. •3:46, 6:30 p.k
, Extra trips tor Ban Kafael on Mondays. W«dae»
, «ajs aad Saturdays at 11 30 p. M.
_^ (SUNDAYS.
*•• *pj Valley and Bun Rafael -*8:00, -10:0
•11:80 a. m. ; »l:aO, 8:00, *4:30. 6:l6t>. M,
Traias marked • run to Han Uuentln.
• THROUGH TRAINS. ' ' '
«£HJ 0 ' 1 "o B £\'" * u- w '- v •'»tlOBs-7jSi A, «.
J- eekatya. 8 *v) a. k. Sundays, 1:46 n. K. MtUS>
flays.
WDI iKi r- M. Qt:ar4a>>
DISEASES OF THE SKIN.
All forms at skin disease result from
poisons in the blr> o d.
"Is your skin dry and «caly?"
"Have you a shiny, oily nose ?"
"Dr> the pimples itch and burn T"
'•Ir your skin sore ami cracked T'
"Does your skin itch iutensely ?"
"Does your sc«lp itch and buf:< ?"
"Is your skin rough and cracked?"
"Does skin leel rough and swol.en V"
"Are your nose, lip* and ears h<>t ?"
"Hi ve you dandruff in your scalp ?'
"D.-j your legs feel hot and burning ?"
"Have you prickiiug pins in the slciii ?'
"Uiive you pimples on neck and chest ?"
.•'ls face dotted with dirty liule specks ?"
"Do nose, lips and ears itch intensely ?"
'Do crusts and scabs iorm on your skiu ""
•'Have you pimples on back of shoulders 7"
"Are the lumps on face sore to the touch?"
"Is skin alongside nose red and congested ?"
"Does skin of your face look and feel oily T*
"Have you flat, red-lookins: lumps on face ?"
"Have you yellowiHh pimples on your face?"
"Is there scaly, itcny eruption on eyebrows?"
"Have you piracies on face with black top-?'"
"H»ve \-ou plmDles on vour face that fester""
I _ RAILROAD TRAVEL. . ,
SAN FRAKCISCO & SOUTH PA-
CIFIC RAILWAY CO.
Tiburon Ferry— Foot of Market St.
San Francisco to San Rafael.
WEEK DAYS— 9:00, 11:00 a. if.: 13-!»\
8:30, 5:10, 0:30 p.m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p.m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:5 j
and 11:30 p.m.
SUNDAYS— 9:30, 11:00 a. X.; 1:30, 3:3%
5:00, 6:20 p. U.
San Rafael to San Franc
'WEEK DAYS— 6:IS, 7:50. 9:20, 11:10 a. it ■
12:46. -.40, 5:10 p. it Saturdays— trio'i
at 1 :55 p. u. and 6:35 p. u.
BTJNDAYS— B:IO, 9:40, 11:10 a. m.: 1:40, 3:41
5:00, 6:25 P. If.
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Parlc saint
schedule as above.
Leave i ,.,„, Arrive
Ban Francisco. , Oct. 14? B*n8 * n F »nclscoi
Week i Sun- i,.. I .^®;.-- Suv- . Wik"
Days, 1 days. ["filiation. DAY9^ | Day^
7:30 am 8:00 ah XovatO, 10:40 am- 8:40 am
3:20 9:30 am Petaluma, 6:10 pm 10:26 ax
6:10 pm, 5:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:35 Pm; 6:22 ph .
_ ._ Fulton. '-
7:30 am Windsor, 10:29 ax
Healdsburg,
i.ytton.
Geyserville,
. 3:30 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:35 pm 6.23 px
I ~ Pleta, \
Hopland A
7:30 am I 8:00 am Ukiah. | 7:36 pm 6:22 px
7:30 am 10:25 ax
8:00 am > Ouernevllle. 7:85 pm
3:30 pm! . j 6:22 DC
7:30 am 8:00 am Sonoma ; 10:40 am 8:40 ax .
and
6:10 pm 6:00 pm Glen Ellen. ! 6:10 pm 6:22
7:3oam 8:00 AMI SAh ., tonnl 110:40 am 10:2 > am
S:3oPMl6:uorM| °*o««topol. | ti:lOpM ; 6:22 PX
Stages connect at :*anta Rosa for Mar* West
Springs: at Geyserville for Sknsrgs Springs: at
Cloverdale for the Geysers ; at Pleta for Highland
Springs, Kelseyvllle, Soda Bay and LAlceport: at
Hopland for Lakeport and Bartlett Springs: at
Ckiau for Vichy Springs, Saratoga Springs, Blue
Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake, Upper Lake, Homo, Potter
Valley. John Day's, Riverside. Herley's, Buck-
nell's, Sanhedrin Heights. Hullvillf!, Boonevllle,
Greenwood, Orr's Hot Springs. Mendocino City,
Fort Bragg, Westport, Usal. whim*. Cahto, C*-
ve'.o. Laytonville. Harris, Scotia And Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at reduced
r *Oß*Sundays round-trip tickets to ail points be- 1.
yond San Rafael at half rata» *
Ticket Offices, 650 Market St., Chronicle bnlldlng.
A. W. FOSTER, B. X. BTAS,
Vres. and Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent.
Atlantic
Trains leave »uj arrlrs «tBBSSW^9K
SASTA ifIxPRIiSS. llllliif
SASTA FK EXPRFSS. WSjgM
To Chicago via A. Si P.^PgjgSnvTTJgi
Leaves da:ly at • :00 p. m.. carrvlnr Pullman Palac«
Drawlug-roum and . .Moiitrn Upholstered Tourist
• Sleeping-oars, which run daily throush to Chicago ■
I via Kansas City. ; Annex can for Denver and Sw
Louis.
Bos. on Kxcurslons, via Kansas City, Chicago^
Montreal »iul the White Mountains leave every
Tuesday. . _
The best railway from California to the Bast.
New rails, new ties; no dust: interesting scenery,
ana good meals In Harvey's dining-rooms.
San Francisco Ticket Office. 644 .Mark©*
St.. Chronicle Kuilding. Telephone Ham
IG3I. UakUud, HIS tiruadwar.
ffIOD^TTMALPAIS.
Trains connect with North PaolQ#
Const Railroad.
WKKK j>.\Yi»— leaves. F. 9:1*5 a. x. 1:45 r. u.
r>e.ur:ilng— Ar;lve S. f. 3:25 p m. 6:20 p. x.
BUSBAYS- Leave S.F. Ba. M 11:30 a.m. 1:30
Ketumlni:-Arrive5.F.1:15p.M.4:20P.K.7:35 p.m.
1 Tickets for sale In Mill Valley or
THO>. COOIC * l»OX», tiJl Market at., 8. F. v
Mill Valley and Mount Tamalpali Bc*aic Ballwajb i
THE N.4S FBIiiCiSCO nj m JoAoiiii '
VALLEI KAiLWAY COJPISI.
1 PROM JANUAKY 31, 1897. passenger trains
T will run daily:
..uthboiiiid. ' Stations. Northbound.
7:2" a. m Stockton .'...; 6;40 p. k.
9:*9 a. m Merced ....3:14 m.
1 I ll:tOA m... ...... ...Fre5n0 .....1:10p.m.
lor intermediate stations see timn-table.
Connecting steamboats of the C. N. A I. Cm,
I eave Ban Francisco and Stocktvn at *am. d »'■'"- 'WILL CARE FOR
THE WEAK FIRST
The Unemployed Relief
Committee Begins Its
Canvass.
Men Will Wait Until All the
. Women and Children Are
.- Assisted. . -
Committee Appointed to Secure Head
quarters Where Previsions
May Be Stored.
The. members of th« committee for the
relief of the unemployed, together with
some fifty or sixty of those who were
present at Friday afternoon's mass-meet
•i'ng, met in the small hall, 115 Turk street,
yesterday morning for tba purpose of
further perfecting arrangements for the
: ■ immediate relief of the destitute. The
pentiment ol the meeting was unani
mously in favor of an active canvass for
donations in the shape of provisions, tem
porary lodging or money, and a second
'committee was also appointed to secure
Buitable headquarters where provisions
.may "b« conveniently stored and from
f'thkh.ihey can be distributed on applica
tion. The men present at yesterday's
meeting g^nerou ? ly agreed to subordinate
the question of their own necessity to the
more pressing needs of distressed women
and children. It was pointed out ti.at
• the more or less able-bodied among the
.•unemployed men could wait a few days
until the Major and Board of Supervisors
could consider some sort of action in re
sponse to the representation of the dele
. gation which will wait upon them to
; morrow afternoon.
Chairman Letfingwell presided at yes
terday's meeting and discouraged all ora
° torical oui bursts. "Tuis committee," he
said,, "has plenty Oi work to do, and all
speeches are out of order. ■ But practical
. suggestions will be gratefully accepted."
An exception, however, was made in
favor of J. Andrews, who referred to the
. existing situation as in the highest de
ig.ree serious. He said that he was strongly
opposed to the doctrine of physical force
or bomb-throwing, but he would advocate
• • action calculated to compel the authori
. ties to afford some measure of relief.
J. A. Rogers again presented his scheme
for- a combination of the present unem
ployed, with the object of securing con
. tracts for grading work on railways and
streets, suggesting that Mayor Phelan
might be induced to act as treasurer until
Euch time as the contracts were com
pleted.
: .Chairman LefSngweli favored the con
sideration of present necessity rather
"• than speculation as to the future. The
committee, he thousht, should get oat
•' and rustle on behalf of the women and
•" children who were in immediate need.
He criticized the manner in which the
emergency fund was handled at the City
" HalL
An old man named Volney here offered
A a suggestion to the effect that a regular
I place should be found in which to store
'.food, and that the destitute should be no
tified of the fact through the newspapers.
A. Fobe added that subscriptions to
'hat end should bo solicited from the City
Hall officials in the first place. The un
employed, he contended, would do well
to handle all such donations themselves
• "in future.
The following were appointed to act as
the committee on headquarters: John
Richter, A. Fobe and I. W. Beardsley.
The meeting then adjourned until 1
. . o'c'.ock to-morrow afternoon.
S. A. Leffinjjwell, chairman of the or
. j-anization, has addressed the following
letter to The Call for publication :.;V:
San- Francisco, Cal., February 13, 1897.
Editor. Call— lieae Sir: I desire to express
■ thanks to the press of this City lor the fairness
■ with which they nave treated the efforts of
.. the unemployed men and women of San
Francisco to secure some measure of relief in
•.h!r dire distress without violation of the
law. I have been requested, to make a state
ment of the present situation and to give an
outline of what we hope to accomplish.
As to the present situation, I believe any
fair-minded person will readily agree that
there is great destitution in this City at this
time. J The relief bureaus know of many cases,
but there are many others unknown to them,
beer.use some people entertain a sort of pride,
• which stands in the way of an open confes
sion. I estimate that there are to-day at least
30,000 souls in this City who are in a state of
actual starvation.
As to what we hope to accomplish. We
don't know what can be done. We know there
•■re many things which the unemployed may
•be put to do, ana we know also that there are
t-ome funds in the City treasury, but we do
not know whether these funds could be used
for that turpose. We can do nothing of our
selves and have, therefore, no proposition to
advance. We originally Intended to move
upon Sacramento, but we find many of our
wembera are men of family and while they
.. Jt* of no practical use to their families they
reluctant to abandon their wives and
. children to the tender mercies of the cold
world.
We hold that In view ot the fact that in the
. event of this country being Involved In war
by an enemy.we would be compelled to defend
it. He in turn have a joint claim upon the
country we must defend ior relief in our day
of miafortune. We believe we have a right to
eat somewhere/inasmuch as we have done our
part in the world of production and even now
stand ready to continue doing it. As mdi.
. viduals we have been trying to find a place.
We cannot find it and have given up the
attempt. We simply ask that the community
assist us in finding a place where we may
enjoy the right to cat.
There are many destitute women ana Inno
cent children In sore distress to-day, and we
call upon them to acquaint us with their
whereabouts that we may share with them
whatever assistance our committees receive.
Moreover we guarantee an honest administra
tion of such charity as may fall into our hands.
It la simply a question of whether this com
munity would prefer that its destitute people
should commit a violation of the Jaw in order
that they may live, or whether the citizens
will contribute to the immediate needs of the
starving in their midst. Respectfully yours,
a A. Lkffinowkll,
Chairman of the Unemployed.
. DEDICATED THE AEMOSY.
■ Company H, League of the troii Cadet*,
liiidt a New Home.
/The new armory of Company H, League
°\ the Cross Cadets, Folsom and Second
sheets, was formally dedicated by the
company, its lnends and members of St.
Brendan's Parish last evening. Company
H is iUe largest division of the League of
the Crosj Kegiment, and consequently
the opening of its new armory was quite
an event in the History of the young
mens organization.
Captain J. E. Power of Company H was
•elected to make the opening remarks.
After welcoming the visitors, be extended
thanks io alt the friends of his company,
and later gave the history and d scribed
the future prospects of his division. After
Mr. Power bad concluded his remarks, the
following programme was rendered:
Vocal 6010, Mr. Ponovaij; vocal solo. Miss
Flora Bristol; mandolin detection, Messrs.
Eastwood and Miller: whistling solo, Mia
Codie Weigeu; vocal solo, J. Hansen: spe
cialty, Messrs. Kelly and Marlow; selections,
Oakland Mandolin "Club; recitation, Mr. Kee
nan; vocal solo, William Coghlan.
A patriotic entertainment followtd by a
ball will be given on Washington's birth
day in Native Sons' Hall by Company H
for the purpose of raising funds to pay off
the indebtedness incurred in furnishing
the new armory.
OVEE AN AFPOINTMENT.
Controversy Coining to a Head Between
Teachers and > chool Directors.
A controversy has been put on foot by
reason of the allegation by Principal
Eiisha Brooks and teachers of the Girls'
Hiph School that the appointment of Mrs.
Irene Reeves to be a teacher in tbat insti
tution was superfluous. President Bar
rington and Director Waller of the Board
of Directors said yesterday that the direc
tors acted strictly under the regulations of
the department, which limits the Mze ot a
clasa to forty pupils in the junior grades
in the Inch school.
According to Principal Brooks' last re
port there are 253 pupils in the junior
grades, and. therefore, this calls for six
teachers. Moreover, Mr. Brooks requested
at the end of last year that another teacher
should be appointed to the Girls' High
School. Th-refore, said the directors, t c
trouble is probably that the Girls' Hign
School teachers are not opposed to another
teather, but only to one who was not their
choice.
HISTORY OP ASPHALT.
Professor Bienfeld Lectures Vpon the
Zoology of Paving Material
"The Origin and History of Asphalt"
was discussed by Bernard B;enfeld, Ph.B.,
before the members of the Mechanics' In
stitute last evening. The speaker traced
the various transmutations of t c mate
rial from "that dim and distant border
land where life has just begun," where it
served as the protecting shells of micro
scopic organism, until it is dug from tbe
mountains of California or the islanas of
tbe sea to be used as paving for populous
cities.
The lecture was illustrated by lantern
slides showing the various forms of the
organisms which it protects in its primary
sate and a number of street scenes evi
dencing the practical use to which the
material is now put.
NEWSPAPER THIEVES.
John Powers Pleads Oullty to Stealing
a Copy of "The Call."
The police have been ureed to keep a
special lookout for people who steal news
papers, as the Chief has received numerous
complaints from citizens. Yesterday morn
ing about 5 o'clock Policemen C. Black
man anJ J. A. Fitzgerald saw John Pow
ers steal a copy of The Call from the
doorway of the residence of T. C. Coch
rane, contractor and builder, 3239b Six
teenth street. They arrested vim and
booked him on the charge of petty larceuy.
Powers appeared in Judue Conlan's
court yesterday and pleaded t-uiity to the
charge. Tbe Judge ordered him to ap
pear for sentence to-morrow morning, and
it is likely that he will be made an ex
ample of.
THREE TEN-ROUND GOES.
California Club Promises Great Sport
for "Washington's llirihtlay
The old California Athletic Club, re
cently reorganized and incorporated, is
preparing for what its managers claim will
be the greatest triple card ever seen in this
City. The entertainment, which is to be
held February at Woodward's Pavilion,
will consist oi three ten-round eoes at
catchweights. Tbe contests will be ateiz
ner and Jeffrie*, Australian B;ily Smith
and Peppers and Lou Agnew and Spider
Kelly. All the men are said to be training
hard for tne bouts. Kelly and Peppers
are at Ocean Beach, Steizner is training at
the St. George Club, Jeffries and Smith
are at Blanken's Six-mile House and Lon
Agnew is at the Acme Club.
THE RICHEST AMERICAN COUPLE ARRIVE HERE.
Henry Payne Whitney, son of W. C. Whitney, ex-Secretary of the Navy, and Mrs. Whitney (nee Vanderbilt), daughter
of Cornelius Vanderbilt, the man with more millions than anybody else in the country, arrived here yesterday on the steamer
Doric. They have been touring the Orient.
Mr. Whitney and Miss Vanderbilt were married at Newport August 25 last. The wedding excited more attention than
any other in recent years, except that of Miss Gould and Count Castellane. The contracting persons from a political and
social standpoint are among the eminent of the Nation. Then when it comes to money there are almost no comparisons to be
made with anything that is past.
The young brid« will, it is said, become heiress to no less than 150,000.000. and her husband, Mr. Whitney, to about
$40, 000,000.
Mr. Whitney graduated at YaJe and afterward took a law course at Columbia College. He is to hare charge of the law
department of the great interests represented by the Standard Oil trust. His pleasures, as thus far shown, consist of shooting
in the h.ccky Mountaine, in society and in yachting.
Mrs. Whitney as Miss Vanderbilt spent almost the whole of her income in charities of some Jcind in thia country She
has assisted many institutions for the benefit of women and children and has given generously to aid the suffering of people of
all degrees. The fortune of the couple is ihe largest ever known in America.
They came to Vancouver intending to go at once to the Orient, but the black plague for a time detained them. Then
they went to the islands and China, penetrating the latter country somewhat in the interior, and then visited Japan. They
ThisUiD aab ° UttWOWeekß " Mr - Wflitne y a PP eiirstob e about 25 years old. He says they much enjoyed
The couple have a suite of rooms at the Palace, 157t0 161 inclusive, on the New Montgomery street side, which have lataly
been furnished in orange and are handaome in every way. They are directly over the suite occupied by President Benjamin
Harrison and Mrs. Harrison while cere. Mr. and Mrs. Whitney rode up on a streetcar from the dock, refusing to accept a
carriage furnished by R. ±\ Schwerin, vice-president and general manager of the Pacific Mail Company
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 14, 1897.
FROM IOWA FIVE
HUNDRED STRONG
An Embassy Arrives Here
to Secure Needed Hotel
Quarters.
Much Interest in Hawkeyedom
Over the Endeavor
Convention.
All Want to S?e California and Have
Ben Ho'ding Off Frcm Other
Conventions.
A. D. jy lnzer, president of the lowa
Young People's Society of Christian En
deavor, And EL J. Miller, chairman of the
entertainment committee of the lowa
Christian Endeavor Association, are at the
Occidental.
They have arrived here to spy out the
land and arrange for hotel accommoda
tions for the people of this State during
the session here in July of the Endeavor
ers throughout the country.
"About 500 people will come from lowa
to attend the m-eting here," said Mr. Kin
zer. "There may ba more, but we are
hguring on that many anyway. Two
years ago, when the National meeting
was held at Boston, between 900 and 1000
people from lowa attended. There has
for a long time been a desire on the part
of our people to come here. When the
last meeting was held at Washington a
good many who had originally thought of
| going there changed their minds and said
they should hold oli and come to San
Francisco,
' 'Besides this some of tbe people of lowa
who expected to come here this winter
have postponed their coming till July. 1
know a dozen of such people, and out of
the dozen only three are coming now.
The remainder will take advantage of the
reduction in rates.
"The fare from the Missouri River and
return is $46, and for points east of there
to the Mississippi it is $46, and one fare
added. The rate from Chicago, as is no
doubt known, is $31. These rates are in
ducing many people to come her*. They
want to see California, of whose great at
tract ons they have long heard.
'•We want to get all our p ople located
if possible at one hotel. Since we expect
a big crowd here we thought it was best to
come on and make arrangements in time."
The (.'entlemen will be here for several
days. Mr. Giles-pie, who was here two
weeks ago from Pennsylvania to arrange
for accommodations lor the people of that
S ate, will quarter them largely at the
Pieasanton.
Mr. Kinzer Is from Perry, lowa, and
Mr. Miller from Clinton.
MUST LAST HVE YEARS,
Merchant*' Association Make a Request
Concerning Geary- street Paving;.
The following communication was sent
to the Board of Supervisors yesterday by
the 'Merchants' Association concerning
the paving of Geary street:
At a meeting of the board of directors of the
Merchants Association, held on Friday even
ings the 12th inst., it was resolved to ask that
the coutrnc.or for the work of repaying Geary
street/ irom Kearny to Powell, be requited to
keep his work in good condition and repair
without extra cost for a period of not less than
five year*. He should give bonds with some
surety company as bona in the full amount of
the contract price. ■ . «-v..
Under a decision of the Supreme Court it
was aecided (98 Cal., 10) that on public con
tracts a guarantee clause was not valid, as it
conflicted with section 13 of the general street
law. ■ .
But this work is to be done on an accepted
street, and, an the provision* of section 13 do
not apply to accepted streets in need of repair,
it is beieved that you can safely place the
euarantee clause in the contract and notify
the bidders in the o*ll ior bids that such guar
antee will be exacted.
DEUTSCHER VEREIN.
The Big Germau Club Entertains Over
Two Hundred Gursta With Farce
and Fun.
The Deutscher Verein Club cele
brated its regular monthly entertain
ment with a minstrel show at its
club quarters in Beethoven Hall last
night. The bones were: Eugene Beauce,
Arthur Frauenholz and Charles I. Dillon;
interlocutor, A. H. R. Schmidt; tarn bos,
Jack Cathcart, C. F. Rohte and H. Guna
lack. The programme was as lollows:
Introductory overture, by the company;
"I'm the Father of a Little Picaninny." C. F.
Rohte ; "Love's Old Sweet Song," Charles Hil
debrecht; '-Yer Baby's Comin' toTown," Jack
Cathcart; "Oh, Thou Sublime Sweet Evening
Star," William J. O'Brien; "Our Members." 1
Arthur Frauenbo'z : "Honey, Does You Love
Yer Man?" Charles 1. Dillon; "Bedouin Love
Kong," Robert Bien; "That Colored Swell
Aguir," Eugene Beauce; the Beet-oven quar
tet (<J. Rohte. J. Siet-e, A. Krauenho.z and H.
(iuridmch) In a musical melange, concluding
witn chorus, "Im Deutschea Verein."
There were over 200 guests present.
CHARGED WITH BURGLARY.
Budd Wilson, a Colored Man, Booked
at the City Prison.
Daring the temporary absence of the
family of A. N. Knoph, 232 San Carlos
avenue, Tuesday night, the house was en
tered by Budd Wilson, a colored man,
who stole several hundred dollars' worth
of jewelry.
Among the articles stolen was a dia
mond pin, which Wilson sold to E. Huba
cek, a jeweler, at 212 Mason street. Hu-
BABY HOLSTROM, the Bone of Contention.
bacek took the stone oat of the pin and
gave Wilson $4 50 for it.
Wiison was arrested by Detectives Dil
lon and Crockett and Policeman Edner
and booked at the City Prison last night
on tbe charge of burglary. Most of the
stolen property has been recovered. Ed
ner has ben after Wilson for the past six
months, as he believed he had been com
mitting several burglaries in tbat locality.
SOIREES MUSICALES.
Society Artists Will Appear for the
Benefit of the French Christian
Union.
A series of Friday evening soirees musi
cales has been arranged for the benefit of
the French Christian Union of California,
1520 Clay street. The concerts will take
place on the I9:h and 2Sih Inst. at the
headquarters of the union.
Several well-known society artists will
appear. Miss Alice Ames, the violinist
who recently returned from Germany, will
play i.er first solo in public since studying
in Berlin. Miss Bessie Ames, who has
also been studying In Germany, will make
her debut as a 'cello soloist. Miss Caroline
Little, an accomplished v> calist, will sine,
and Mi-s Eienore Joseph, pianiste, and
Miss Elizabetn Bartlett, elocutionist, have
also promised their services.
Legacies for Friends.
The will of Gilbert Allen Kelson, filed yes
terday, provides lor the following legacies: To
Nellie Bowlan, $1000; Mm J. Franklin
$1000; Warren Newtombe, $1000; Wiliiam r!
Btearn«. $2500; Horatio JS'Hson, $500 and Der.
son al effect* of testator. The estate is worth
KIDNAPED BY A
BOGUS TRAMP
Baby-Girl Holstrom Trailed
by Disguised Detec
tives.
The Town of Dixon Thrown Into
a Wild State of Excitement
by a Foster Father.
Sensational Sequel of the Deeiin^ of
a Child fcr Ten Dollars— Legal
Proceedings to Follow.
"WOODLAND. Cal.. Feb. 13.— The people
of Dnon were thrown into a wild state of
excitement Friday over the sensational
kidnaping of the four-year-old child of
Mrs. A. P. Dartney, the wife of a black
smith of that place.
Mrs. Dartney was formerly known as
Sallie Maguire and lived in San Francisco,
where her baby girl was born. A Mrs.
Holstrom became infatuated with the
sweet little child and made 8 proposition
to the mother to adopt it, ana it was un-
derstood that If Mrs. Holstrom would
give the mother $10. or rather the attend
ing physician, the former lady should
have undisputed possession of the child.
A written contract was drawn ap to that
effect, but Mrs. Holstrom neglected to
take out the formal letters of guardian
ship or adoption.
About the first of February of this year
Saliie Maguire, now Mrs. Dartney, went
to Mr?. Holstrom in Sin Francisco and
demanded possession of the child. Mrs.
Holstrom refus d to give up the little
girl, whereupon the mother appliel to
Secretary Kane of the Society for the Pre
vention of Vice, and in company with this
official went to the Holstrom home and
forcibly took the child away from Its
foster-mother. Mrs. Holstrom appealed
to the courts (or the recovery of the child,
and an order was made directing Secre
tary Kane to produce her in court.
In the meantime Airs. Dartney had
taken the child to Dixon, ana when Officer
Kane went in search of her in order to
obey the order of the court, he was unable
to timl the little girl, and he so reported
to Judge Trouit. A picture of the child
appeared in The Call of February 4, ana
it was noted b/ peoi>le in Diion that the
child whom Mrs. Dartney had in her pos
session bore a striking resemblance to the
photograph.
Mrs. Holstrom was apprised of this fact
and on Friday morning's train there ar
rived in Dixon a couple of det ctives and
Mr. Holstrom, the husband of the woman
who bad the baby torn from her arms.
Mr. Holstrom disguised himself as a
tramp and appeared at the Dartney home.
He was met at the door by Mrs. D^rtney,
whom he asked for something to eat. The
child was playing in one of the rooms
and while the mother went into the
kitchen to procure the supposed tramp
some food, he entered the room, grabbed
the child and ran up the street.
The woman at once gaye the alarm, and
in a abort while the streets were thronged
with people. The officer overtook the
kidnaper, but he would not give up the
child. The officials would not arrest him
on account of the order of court demand
ing the chiid.
Mr. Holstrom and the detectives boarded
a south-bound freight train for San Fran
cisco with the child, and Mrs. Dartney
followed on the overland train.
A legal contest for the possession of the
child will now follow.
PAVOEED BY MEECHANTS.
Petition for the Appointim-nt of J. C.
Eubanka as Collector of the Port.
Peiitions are being circulated through
out the city praying for the appointment
of J. C. Eubanks to the Collectorship of
the Port of San Francisco. Mr. Eubanks
he s been connected with one of the largest
importing bouses in the city for the past
fifteen years and is receiving strong sup
port from the mercantile and manufact
uring classes. He is president of the Pa
cific Coast Commercial Travelers' Asso
ciation, and the members of that organi
zation, as well as those of other travelers'
associations of this city, are working in
his interest. It is said that be has also
obtained strong political indorsement.
A Bui ding Trades Directory.
B. H. C. Sandy fcas published a Building
Trades Directory giving tho names of the
leading San Francisco architects, contractors
and others eigiged in that line of Dusiness.
The directory is published in chart form,
mounted and on rollers for hanging in cmces,
etc.
Looking for Coal Oil.
Articles of Incorporation of the Kings County
Oil Company have been filed by Charles Bron
iod. Thomus Emm, Wt.iiam Chatham, J. J.
Morehouse, William Knowies and George
Reichley, with a c*pual steak of $100,000.
The company is to bore mad mine lor coal aud
coal oil m this state.
_ ___ _^ **E3^jro-i>Air
Sp%k\ WEAKMEN .
SV fflfh WITH
* wk ***** \MZhV QflPI/Q
Vsl^PfS* WlHIv dAuIVO
■ \\| I \ | TUB R,E3STJI_iT OF
«Jyi^%jL NERVOUS DEBIL-
J^MWSf liiife' ITY, caused through
$i&J%MMg^&m Wm& Self- Abuse, Excessive
Indulgence, Night Emis-
sions, Unnatural Losses
nflßTf^R SWFANV or Overwork of the body
uuo i y it divcHiu. or brain . It is the curs
of humanity, the unpardonable sin. It blights all
the pleasures of youth. It deadens the spirits and
weakens the brain. Its train of ills and evils tears
down the strongest constitution and completely
wrecks the mental and physical man. Thousands
of young and middle-aged men through this
scourge of humanity have found homes in insane
asylums or filled suicide's graves. It unfits the
sufferer for study, business and the social or
married relations of life. It causes tired feelings,
dizziness, paralysis, softening of the brain, weak
and shrunken organs, lost manhood, despon-
dency, fear of impending danger, bashfulness,
pimples, loss of memory and a wandering mind.
Among the married it creates discontent, disap-
pointment, dissatisfaction and trouble. It has
broken up more homes, caused more desertions
and separations than all other evils combined. If
you are a sufferer from this monster of all
diseases, you should consult DOCTOR SWEANY.
He can positively and permanently restore your
wasted and weakened powers, your health and
your manhood.
A WEAK BACK Brings an untimely death.
It is an unmistakable sign of diseased kidneys.
Does your back ache? Do you have pains in the
sides, suffocating feelings, palpitation of the
heart, deranged stomach and a bloated condition
of the stomach and bowels? Do you have sedi-
ment or brick-dust deposits in the urine ? Do you
urinate frequently? Have you weakness of the
sexual organs, total or partial impotency, prema-
turity or . quickness? If you have any of these
symptoms you have diseased kidneys. To neglect
these troubles means to you Diabetes or Bright's
Disease and a premature grave. DOCTOR
SWEANY invariably cures these diseases.
VARICOCELE, Hydrocele and all blad-
der difficulties treated with unfailing success.
RUPTURE— New method, sure cure, pain-
less treatment; no knife, no truss, no detention
from work, no experiment. A positive, certain
and permanent cure.
PRIVATE DISEASES - Gonorrhoea,
Gleet and Stricture cured. Syphilis, the leprosy
of the age, positively and forever cured.
LADIES will receive careful and special
treatment for all their many ailments.
WR ITifct if away from the city. Book, "Guide
to Health," a treatise on all organs and their
diseases, free on application.
CALjLi OR ADDRESS
F. L. SWEANY, M.D.,
787 MARKET STREET,
' SAN FKANOFSCO. CAL.
" -
J *?4£? j j
>■-;:: "For a number of years past I suffered untold agony from dyspep-
sia, and how to get rid of it I did not know. I tried every remedy
• • • ' friends could suggest, still I got no relief, and my business being
sedentary, that of a bookkeeper, it was getting almost unbearable.
I often had to lay off for a day or two. I consulted our family
physician, but the medicine he prescribed for me only gave tem-
porary relief. Finally I was induced to try Ripans Tabules. It
was not long before I felt greatly relieved, and now, thank God, I
have not lost a day in the last year. I can fully recommend
RSPANS Tabui^s
Hill nliv I mMUiww
§to all who are afflicted as I wag, and in mv case it is always a fact
that One Gives Relief."'
— — — —
ELY'S CREAM BAI.M Is a positive cure.
Apply into the nostrils. . It is quickly absorbed. 60
cents at Drnr^ists or by mail : samples 10c by mail.
ELY BROTHERS, 66 Warren St., New York City.
NOTARY PUBLIC.
pHARLKS H."PHILLII's*. ATTOKXKY-AT-
\J Law and Notary Public, 638 Maricet st., oppo
site Palace Hotel. Telephone 070. Residence lt&itt
; leU street, 'lelepaone - flag " -$<jl
■ jJaßßfeiv THUD Pa CHT,
fciMgtot'&v^v i una fj uni,
I»JS3SBg&>S^M\ Successor to DR. LAI
K6Mi^S^C*^iw?A Po TAL B^dua:e of
yUKm^^aiffy'ttaK- Canton Medical Col-
'^iJ^Kjl^?-' legu, after a very suc-
W. tes^ful practice ol
rnn i many years in China,
/Ss i< S^ K~*^ as 1° aled In Kaa
yjTtjl . 4MI Francisco. •. The sur-
\J//f » Ay prising and marvelous
Ky|^> * ' 2/ cures effected by his
' lH£Sfi\ iV herbs demonstiata
•K3B"3S\ yk • their potence and his
* PHtei«i»^"' *. skill. • These herbs
<<^o£s3?r y&)L cure over 400 different
f«|BwSst^-^^-<y^. diseases, inc udln?
■^SC^K^^v lirichi's Disease, Civ
'ifig^Z&r* ? betes, Consumptiou,
. ~~*" Asthma, Paralysis,
Brain, Serve, Cancers, Tumors, Blood, Male and
Female Maladies All persons afflicted with any
kind of malady whatsover are Inviieu to calL
Office. -727 Washington Street.
Office hours— 9 a it- to lvi m., Ito ti p. m.; sub-
ctey. 10 a. m. to la H.
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD L>E DAMIAXA BITTERS, TH3
O great Mexican Kemedy: gives H«*lth anl
BuatuiLh to the Saxual Onana.
1112
SAN FRANCISCO "CALL."
BTJPINFSS OFFICE of the San Francisco Call—
710 Market street, open until 12 o'clock ererj
Bight In the year.
BRANCH offices— s27 Montgomery street,
corner Clay: open until 9:30 o'clock.
SB9 Hayes street, open until 9:3o o'clock.
615 Lnrkin street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
BW. corner Sixteenth and Mission streets, opea
•ntil 9 o'clock.
£518 Mission street, open until 9 o'clock.
167 Ninth street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
}jSOS Polk street: open un H 9:3u.
CHURCH NOTICES.
f^5P FIRST CHURCH OF CHRIST, SCIEN-
f*Z£S tlst— services at 11 a.m. in Beethoven Hall,
536 Post St.. cor. Powell. Christian Science Bible
Lessons; subject, -'The Power of Truth to Deliver
from Imprisonment." Sunday-school for children
at the same hour. "Science and Health" Study
Thursday at 8 p. v. in Mystic Hall, 320 Post su
Ail are welcome. _^
WT^S-^ ST. PAUL'S EPISCOPAL CHURCH.
It^ California st.. bet. Flilmore and Steiner—
Rev. W. Maxwe 1 Rel.ly ric.or. Holy communion
7:30 a. m.: Sunday-school 9:30 a.m.: morning
nervire and sermon 11 o'clock. •• enite" (Karl !
Bruche): -le Deum" (Mosenthal): jubilate (Gar-
nett) in F: offertory, ••Crucifix" (Faure). H. A.
Melville. Musical festival 7:30 P. M. "Uagolfl.
cal" In D (Baruby): -'Nnnc Dimittis" in D
(Barnby): "Acnns Dei -> (Tours): hymn 535, firs'
(Barnby): or^.»n solo, "Pastorals" (Flaeler):
'•Cantate Domino" in C (Dudley Buck); teaor
solo. "Prodmal Son" (Suilivau); duet for soprano
and has*. •Father of Mercies" ti-Miliard).
chorus, "'How Lovely Are the Messengers" (Men-
delssohn); offertory, alto" solo, "Ave Maria"
(Faure); recessional hymn 491 (Welsey); solo
Quartet— Miss Mabel Love, soprano; Mrs. M.
Chappelle .Henley, alto: Frank Mitchell, tenor; H.
A. Meiviu, bass: F. Katzenbach, organist.
BSS> TRINITY CHURCH, OR. BUSH AND
wr*&' Gougb sts.— Rev. i.eorge Kdw»rd Walk,
M.A., rector: Rev. W. H. Feuton-Smith. asiistanu
t-eptuageslma -Sunday. Feb. 14, 1897; 11 o clock,
morning prayer and sermon by Rev. Haskett
Snub of London; 7:30 o'clock, special musical
service, openinic hymn 673. "Magnificat" in F
(hcpkinii); soprano solo and chorus. "The Night
Is calm' 1 (Sullivan): tenor solo, "The Lord Is
Wrv Pitiful" (Benedict): trio. "Love Never Full-
ing" (Rossini); ralto solo, -My Redeemer and
I«ly Lord" (Buck); quartet, "O Come Every One
That Thirtieth" (Mendelssohn): chorus, with
quartet, •>' God. hen Thou App*an>st"
(Mozart). H. J. Stewart, musical direc.or, organ-
ist and director of choir.
tt^S=» SIMPSON MEMORIAL METHODIST
ti-^ Episcopal Church, cor. Hayes and Buchanan
sts.— Rev. John Stephens, pastor; residence, 309
Haighi st. Preaching at 11 a. m. and 7:30 P. M.
'I he pastor will preach at both services, sub-
ject ai 11 a. M.: "Do Thij and Receive Thau" At
7:30 p. m.: -An Affair of the Heart." Minday-
school at la :30 p. m.. C. B. Perkins superintendeiit.
hpworth League service at 6:30 p. M. The public
cordially invited to all the services of this church.
fc*a:s free. Ushers in attendance, 1-rayer-meeling
Wednesday evening at 7 :45 o'clock.
RrTS 3 CALVARY PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH.
m^S? corner of Geary and 1 owell sts.— Rev. John
liemphil!. D.l'., pastor. Services at 11a. m. an.
7:30 p. If. Evening topic, "Lost Lives." Morn-
log music: "le Deum" in B flat (lrench): offer-
tory, "intercessory Prayer" (Runcie); contralto
sol-.. Mrs. Seog.ey i.eynods Evening music
"Jubi ate Deo" (Wels)"; offertory. "Abide With
lit" (>helley): tenor solo, D. Lawrence. All
are cordially invited.
E^S' THE FIRST UNITARIAN CHUKCH,
m*& SW. cor. Geary and Franklin sis.— Rev. Dr.
btenblDS, mints The Sunday-school Is at 9:45.
Bible-class conducted by Rev. Samuel Slocombe.
The morning aerv.ee li at 11 o'clock. «11 are
cord ally invited. The evening service is omitted.
gr«=» THK SECOND UNITARIAN CHURCH,
EF*©' or. Twentieth and Capp is.- A. J. ells,
pastor. Mr. Weils will preach at 11 a. m. and
7:45 p. 11. Ihe subject of ice evening lecture will
be: 'lennysoa's princess — "The New Woman of
To-day." Sunday-school 9:45 a. m. Unity Ciub
Tuesday evening at» o'clock. Stereopticon exhibi-
tion Saturday evening; limelight; 250 pictures:
admission 10c
pr2<=> THIRD CONGREGATIONAL
«t^«? Filieenth eU, near Mission— Rev. William
Ruder, pastor. Services at 11 a. m 1 here will be
special exer. ises by ihe children and addresses by
Mist de Veiling and the. pas. or. Services ai 7:30
p m The pastor will preach on "Tue Inspiration
of he Bib.e ana the urthodjxy of the church."
Music by chorus choir under direction of William
C. M&uueid. AH are coidlally invited.
B^5P FIRST BAPTIST CHUi.CH, EDDY
•^-^ St., near Jones — Rev. M. P. Boyuton,
paotor. services Sunday, February 13. Preaching
by the pastor 11 a.m.: subject, ;"God's Be-
loved," aud at V :i-0 *•■ H. by htv. J. Sunderland,
D.D. Oalile» Banday-schou , .1 :30 a. m , Pixley
Hal .corner Po.kat. aud Pacific a\-e.; Wa hinciou-
square Sunday-school, a :3 a. m.. at 608 Union su :
home J-uaday-scuool. 12:30 M., at the church. 320
Eddy St.: Beibesda Sunday-School, 3 p. m., Howard
St., between .eighth aua .Ninth. Y. P. ?. C. k...
senior. interme'-liate and junior, 6:30 p. u. Prayer
and conftre:ice meeting, ednesduy, 7:45 P. m.
Cnristiau cuitu/e oiass, Friday. Bp. m. Pastor's
address, -iisl Kllia st. : telepnone, east 954. 10 all
the above services everybody is welcome.
ETs*= COSMOPOLITAN CHURCH, GOLDEN
W~& Gate Hall, suiter St.— j\ev. iiarold Bolce,
i a-ttor. Announcement: To give members of the
new congngmuou oppurtunlties 10 become ac-
quainted ".vt.h one another, a few iuiormal recep-
tions at homes of friends 01 the reform movement
i ill lake the place of jun.ic Hervn.es until tur-
t)i»r nonce. Address communications to James
>eabiu Hill, 6i'o suiter a:.
KTi,-' FIRST CHRISTIAN CHURCH.
""-^ Twelfth st., oet. Howard and Mission-
Preaching mornmg and evening by the tor,
fcu: jetx at 11 a. si., "Guarded by Go .'; subject at
7:45 P. m , "The Proposed ArDilration Treaty in
the nisory ot the World." Sundav-school ai
9:io a. M. Y. P. S. C. E. at 6:30 p. M. Social
service in the lecture-room dp. it. Mr. Ford will
sing at both the evening service and the social
service, reals free. All welcome. Frank S.
Ford, pastor.
R2=p FRENCH REFORMED CHURCH, 1110
m~-& Powell Morning service, 10:45; "A
Movement Through the World." Evening ser-
vice In l-nglisu; third lecture on "The trench
Reformation," "The Persecutions of the blxteent..
Century."
trig* FIRST NEW JERUSALEM CHURCH
as* (Swedenborglan), O'i-arrell street, between
« * bster acu Flilmore— Kev. D. V. tow en, pastor.
Preaching by the pas. or at 11 a. J£. 00 the text,
"Choose Ye This Day Whom Ye Will Serve."
•■Miracles" wl.l be the subject in the evening, 7:30.
All are cordially invited, especially strangers
Seats iree. Free library, sabbath- school at lu a. m.
C^S 3 SWEDENBOriG MISSION SOCIETY
•"*^ Washington Hall, Red Men's building, 320
Post SU, opposite p.aza— Rev. J. S. David, minister.
Service ai 11 a. M. ; discourse 011 "liealfeii: Its
fcssential Character, Its inhabitants and Their Oc-
cupations, vv ho Goes here? " Written questions
answered. All are invitee.
E£^S= DIVINE t-CIENCE SERVICES AT
•^*' Home College. . 360 Seventeenth si., City,
2: 30 P. m.. and 51l;Fourieeath st., Grler's Hail
Oaklana, 7:30 p. m. Discourse by M. E. Cramer
SDbjeci, "spiritual World."
R^jS* THEuSuPHICAL SOCIETY IN AMER-
****" lea— Ihe theosopnical crusaders invite the
public to a mee.ing i.. the odd Fellows' Hall, Mar-
Ketand aevemh bts.. this evening at 8 o'clock,
subjects: "Brotherhood," "loleration" and kin-
dred theosophical topics. Free. See advertise-
ment.
WZjS* THE T H EOSOPHICAL SOCIETY-
» sj ' Free public lecture every Sunday at 8 p. M
Native .-Mins' Ha:i, 414 Mason st. subject to-night'
"Whom DiJ Jesus Worship?" by W. c. Bailey.
K? :^ = * A WF.KK'S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS-THK
B>~& WEEKLY CALL, In wrapper, for mailing!
NOTICE OF MEETINGS. ■
VPS* MISSION LODGE NO. 169. F. <t m
&-*" A. M.-Officen and members are A
hereby notified to attend the tunera ol out'V 2f
deceased other, Joai-,PH A. McQUoID /^r\
from the ha . of this lodge To-Da Y (SUNDAY)
at 12:t0 o'ciock. By order of the W. M.
C. D. BANKER, Secretary.
fPy?' CLAN FRASER, ORDER OF V «» v.
I*-*' Ecoitish Claus, will cive its six h 3L HiT 1 ?
annual concert and dance in honor of TiT'K*
Washington's birthday ai -coltish Mall
Laikln sueet, on FRIDAY ..ViixixJ, February
19. Address by Hon. Irving M. Scott, entitled
"February 11, Old style, 1793." Musical selec-
tions by the famous Knickeroockf r Quartet spe-
cialties by the great scotch humorist, Flndla'y Mc-
Gregor. soloist*— soprano, Mrs. E. Wren- a'to
> iss Little: tenor, D. M. l4iwreoce. c. M. t'lHof'
violin, Miss C. /innen; piano, ulm G. ."-icklan"
reader, Mi.->s R. Frances Luse. Concert at 8 grand
march at 10 o'clock; admission fee 25c- hat and
c.oak rooms free.
KS" A M E I I N GOF ST. P ATKICK'Sa^^
*-*^ duy convention of 18»7 will be\l^ M
held at K. R. B. Hall, Mason and O Far- V /
rell SUNDAY. February 14, at 2 -S-'c^Kifi*
P.M. Ali Irish- American, National, mill- V^Bi
tary, fcenevoleat. literary and social organizations
Bie requested to send five delegates each. Ei-om-
cers Of lormer conventions, grand marshals ora-
tors an 1 pi ets are entitled to seats in the conven-
tion. By order JOHN MULUERN, PresldAu
; J. J. Jioban', secretary.
VPS? UNITY LODGK Na 131. I. ZIZ7
W~*' O. O. > Sixteenth and Valeu-^»S3^-
cla street?.— Oihcers and members are "S^V^y^EF
hereby notified to assemble ai the "^//ii^*^
lodgeioom, sUNDA Y.February 1 4, at 2 :30 o'clock
p m., for the prrpose of attending the funeral of
our late brother. Samuel FOKSYTHE.
HENRY a. MOHR, N. G.
William Thackeray, Rec. Sec.
B£5S» YEI.BA BUENa LODOK NO. 1788 K
WZS' of H.— Members will a semble In their
lodgeroom. Alcazar building. SUNDAY, February
14, at 1 o'clock b. M., to attend the funeral of our
late brother. SAMUKL FOHSYTHE. a. Sixteenth
and Valencia streets. By order of the Dictator.
B. li. NOBLb, Kepurtei.
ra» PIOSKERS,-- ..^tCT»r^~^.
Membcrh of the mi- X?T iKs^U v ill*?iK
clet.v of California Pioneers /%f|MB!'IJ™R3«»
are requested to attend ihii%^JllmVwWlßM|mma
juneral if our late mem- ■ .^BSSr^DWw
ter, J- Fl'-PH 'IOHDON, jWir^fi Hy^^X
from the First Presbyter- J^ lr^- "™*^^ • *
lan Church, corner Van Ness ave. and Sacramento
street, SATURDAY. February 13. at 1 o'clock
T.'u. Please wear the usual funeral badge.
JOHN F. PINKIIAM, Marshal.
MEETING >*OTICES-Contlnned.
j Wr^r" ST. ANDREW'S SOCIETY— . %7 >.
: ■»-»' Members are requested to attend 3*, LMU'J
' the funeral of our late lellow-meraber, >S»v3i*
JO.-> I'll GORDON (Uncle .foe) Till.-* *N2?»
Day (Saturday), from the First Presbyterian
Church, Van Ness ave. ana Sacramento St., at 1
o'clock. By order. A. WILKIE, President.
W. C. Cook. Secretary.
rS»TKK REGULAR MEETING OF
m~& the members of the Bishop Arm it are church
Orphanage will beheld at the office of the secretary,
63u California si., room 38. on February 23. 1897,
at 12 m., for the purpose of revising or amending
i the by-laws of said corporation or adopting new
by-laws and for the election of trustees for the eu-
I suing year; also for the transac.lon 01 such other
business as may come before the meeting.
L. WADHaM. secretary.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
B^S= BAD TENANTS EJECTED FOR «4:
fS^S' collections made: city or country. Pacific
Collection Co., 415 Montgy «t., room 6: tel. 6580.
■^5S=" DR. BAZbT REMOVED FROM PHF.-
»»*' lan building to 908 neary ct.: t-1- East !»57.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
9ZJS* DIVIDEND NOTICE— DIVIDEND NO.
S^S' 40 (twenty-five, cents per share) of the
Hut on Sugar Plantation comiauy will be
payable at the oiHce of the company. 327 Mar-et
street, on and after Saturday, February -0. 1897.
Transfer books will close Saturday, 1-ebruary 13,
1897. at 12 o'clock 11. K. U. LDON.
. ; •. . Secretary.
SUNDAY MEETINGS.
SOCIETY OF PROGRESSIVE SPIRITUAL-
ists. at Scottish Hall, 105 Larkin si.. Sunday,
February 14, at 7:30 p. m Speakers. Mrs. R. S.
Lillle of >ostoo, Mass., the well-known Inspira-
tional teacher of the spiritual philosophy, sub-
ject, ••Th'S Bib e and Spiritualism." Music by Mr.
Lillie. Admission 10 cents.
AT 997 MARKET ST.— FIRST PROGRES-
sIve Spiritual Church; 11 a. X.. test develop-
ing circle: 2 p. m . tests 10 ail, Mrs. Dunham,
Winchester, Henderson. Mr. Hansen; Bp. m ,
tents, full names iiiven. Mr. Pierce, Luhrs, Mrs.
Dunham. Loutnao, Barclay.
OAKLAND PSYCHICAL SOCIETY, FRA-
ternal Hall, Washington St.— On Sunday, at 3
p. m., the wonderful bov orator will lecture and
IT. Scblessitp^r will give tests. At Bp. m. Pro-
fessor ) oveland will lee ure. Subject: "What Is
the Chaff to the Wheat?"
AT DR. RINES' SPIRITUAL SOCIETY. 909
J. V Market st , 11 a. m., 3 and 8 p. m.. Mrs. Ladd-
Finlcan, Dunham, sealey, Sti t, Haigrav- and
others. Office, 1236 Market St.; 10 to 6 P. m.
pRAND TEST MEETING BY MRS. C. J.
VT Meyer and others; lecture on "Pi renolozy,"
by Professor Crosman: all welcome; sittings daily.
326 McAllister st.
EST MEETING, 2 P. M. WASHINGTON
1 Hall, 35 Eddy st.: 8 P. u.. 333 McAllister si. :
Stltt, Clemens and others; skeptics invited; 10c.
T ECTURE BY PROF. MI>GO: "WHAT
-Lj Fuels Have We of the Immortality of Man?"
834 Missions .. 7:30 p. m. Admission, 10 cents.
DR. ADDIK SWAN'S DARK TEST SPIP.IT-
uaI meeting to-night: bring written questions
concerning spirit communion. 51 Fifth si.
Jc. HANSEN'S CIRCLE, 11 A. »€.; MEETING
. 7:30 p.m.; skeptics invited; sittings SI. 107
Fifth st.
MRS. MAYO-STEERS, 112% OAK Si.; ClR-
cle Tuesday, 8 p. u., also lhursday, 2 p. m.;
readings *1.
RS. HENDEE ROGERS; TESTS; DEVEL-
oping circles; Tuesday and Thursday eve.
109 Oak st.
ME. YOUNG'S CONVINCING TEST ClR-
cle to-night, 10c. 418 Me > Ulster. Fine mu lc
SEANCE TO-NGHT; MRS. EGGERT A IT-
KEN; also Thursday eve.: 25c. 320 McAllister.
\| KS. SHRJ.vER: CIRCLE TO-NIGHT: TE>TS
•»1 to all; 25c: sittings duily. 311 Van Ness ave.
nl LAV. KIN— SPEAKING TESTS BY MRS.
1 J I Kate Hopkins, Mrs. D.lT. Place: good music
SITUATIONS W ANTE ALE.
GIRLS OF ALL NATIONALITIES AWAIT-
VJT ing situations at MRS. BIRD'S, 721 Ellis st.
GERMAN EMPLOYMENT OFFICE, 306
Mason st., teL main 6332, furnishes best help;
all nationalities.
yol'Sti LADY WOULD LIKE POSITION AS
i waitress and chambermaid good seamstress:
f i"0; country hotel preferred. Address A. R , 1221
i.'Farrell st.
"DESPECTABLE GERMAN LADY WISHKS A
±\i go d home, to do sewlntr ana assist the lady of
the nous *: wages no object. Address S. D., box
62, Call Office.
TyANTt-D— HOUSEWORK WHERE THERE
»* are small children preferred, by neat and
elderly woman: American; city or small town;
wages to suit. Housework. 12:- 1 ! Market st.
VTEAT GIRL DESIRES A SITUATION A3
I* first-class cook; best reference; city or coun-
try. 6 Cottage row, off cutter st, nr. Filimore.
\\r ANTED— BY A MIDDLE-AOSD GERMAN
'» lady, a position as working housekeeper in
widower's home where there are children; is a
cood cook, and will be like a mother to the chil-
dren. 49 Sharon su, bet. Fifteenth and Sixteenth,
Sanchez and Church.
\\' ANTED— BY ELDERLY COLORED
'• woman, position as cook; small wages re-
quired. (all at 129 Third si., room 12; hours frum
1 A. st. till 9 P. M
IDDLE-A<;£D WIDOW WOULD LIKK
some p silion of trust to superintend house;
I understand the requirements of a home, care 01
invalid or sewing; willing to assist in anyway:
pleasant home an object. F. M.. box 74. cal.
yOUSU GIRL WITH SOME KNOWLEDGE
JL of typesetting would like position; wages no
object. Address or call 4Va ulover st.
■yOUNG GIRL WISHKS SITUATION TO DO
x upstai-s work and sewing. 1759 >anch<
OMAN WISHES WORK BY THE DAY
»" washing or jronlnc or bousecleaning. 219i/ a
Harriet s;., OS Harrison, bet. Sixth and Seventh,
downsla ri.
GERMAN GIRL. FIRST-CLASS SEAM-
stress, wishes position for chamberwork and
sewing, oil shotwell su
IjO.siTION WANTED BY YOUNG WOMAN
J in wiiiower's home. 777 Market st.. room 6
pOMPETENT WOMAN WANTS ANY KIND
\J of Housework by the day; references. Address
R. S., box 108, Call Office.
L IRST-CLASS FRKNCU MAID DESIRES A
1 position as a lady's maid and seamstress;
wages «30. Address 1220 Vallejo st.
Y"OU-NO LADY DESIRES POSITION AS
-L housekeeper. 112 Taylor su, room 14.
A COMPETENT WOMAN TO WORK BY THE
XX day ; early part of week. Call 268 Jessie su
-yOUNG AND EXPERIENCE.) WIDOW RE-
JI cently from the Kast desires a position as man-
aging housekeeper in widower's uome or ho el;
good cook; hc'urs 110 5 only. Room 4, 1007 Mar-
ket st.
WEDISH GIRL WISHES PLACE TO COOK
I O a 11) do downstairs work; good references. 7
Clementina st.
IDDLE-AGED WOMAN WOULD LIKE A
i-'l situation to work; city or country: is a gooa
cook and laundress: moderate wages 1000
Washington st., cor. Powell.
C r A M I R K DESIRES .v FEW MORE EN-
-0 gagemsDts, 75c ■ day; suits made irom %2 50
up; city reference. 1503 Taylor st.
EXPERIENCED HOUSEKEEPER (WIDOW)
-LJ wants work in widower's or bachelors boose-
hold; country ..referred. 88 Ninth st., room 17-
-hours 11 a. K. to 9 P. m.
RESFECIAB-E YOUNG . GIRL LIVING
with parents desires position to take care of
chili and sleep home. . Apply 242 *ixth st.
OMAN WANTS CHAMBKR, RESTAU-
rnnt work or housedeaniug: sleep home.
331% Hush St., room 9 .
/'ERMAN GIRL WISHES POSITION FOR
»J gen ral h u.iework and plain cook ing. 1023
Guerrero Twenty-second and Twenty-third.
■yOUNG LADY WOULD LIKE POSITION AS
-L typewriter and office work; $3 per week. P. b
box 122.
pLKROYMAN'S DAUGHTKR DESIRES PO-
\J sltion as daily goverfiss to young ■ bildren.
accompiishments, manic, painting, pastels. Ad-
dress --n T.. pox 85, Call Office.
OMAN AND DAUGHTER 16 DESIRE PO-
' ' sitions as chambermaid In some respectable
p ace. .<:. C, 1125 McAllister su
SPANISH YOUNO LADY LIKE SITUATION
as housekeeper, or to do ltKht housework, or
mind child. Address S. ttt, box '21, thli office.
WANTED — POSITION OF HOUSEKEEPER
» » for an old couple. 822 Larkin «u ■
•DEFINED GERMAN GIRL WIBHES SITUA-
IX lion as nursery governess, or second work in a
private family; wages 920 or $25. Address E. L..
1128 suiter su
pOMPETENT WOMAN WISHES SITUATION
\J 10 du cbamberwork . and se win?, or would do
waiting: city or country ; good reference. Please
call or address 15i»5 Pine st.
POSITION AS GOVERNESS BY EXPKttI-
A enced teacher of English, German and music
(several instruments); good seamstress and gen-
eral manager: salary moderate: highest refer-
ences. - t.W., Sixteenth and Mission sts., Cal..
TyANTED-BY AN AMERICAN LADY PO-
»' sition a< housekeeper, care of children or
cbamberwork In a hotel. Call at 2011 Miss. on su,
downstairs.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 14, 1897.
SITUATIONS ■WANTED— Continued.
AMILNG DANISH GIRL WISHES WORK
L by the day: un/ kind; housework; washing
and ironing. 600 Broderlcx st. ,- , ;■";■
11/ oman wants wokk BY thk day
»» city references; terms 75c. O. P.. box 132,
Call Office.
ESPECTABLE YOUNG WOMAN WISHES
JX position as working housekeeper; country
preterrcd. Address W. L., box 8, Call Office, Oak-
land.
11 ANTED— BY RELIABLE WOMAN WORK
11 by the day; laundress or any kind of house-
work. Please call 10t>5 .Market <t.
yoDNO. COLORED WOMAN WISHES A
-L place as housekeeper. 203 Powell su. room 9.
EXPERIENCED DAY OR NIGHT NURSE:
J-J *9 per week; best of re erences; contin inent
and other sickness taken home; private. Call 719
Webster st.
EXPERIENCED WOMAN, WITH FIRST-
J-i class city refer nces, wants situation as rhlld's
nurse or upstairs work ana sewing. Apply 2424
Bush st. *
G KRMAN GIRL WISHES SITUATION TO
VX do cooking and general bousew<>rk In small
family: good relerences. AdJress 713 Tenth su,
Oakland.
1 V INDEKGARTXKR WANTS POSITION IN
J\. family or school. Address Kiudeigartner,
Dimoud P. 0.. Cal.
WOMAN WANTS ANT KIND OF SEWING;
»i gentlemen's mending: children's work a spe-
cialsy. Address A., Branch Call, 339 Hayes st.
DRfc-HxM Ak'ER; FIRST-CLASS FITTER:
stylish draper and designer: thorough dress-
maker; by the day. MISS WARWICK, 104 Grove.
p ERMAN WOMAN' WANTS WORK BY THE
VX day: washing, ironing or housedeaniug. Call
or address 232 Shipley.
■yOUNG WIDOW OF MANY ACCOMPLISH-
-L ments, lately from the East, desires home-
keeper's i.lac": bachelor's or widower's home pre-
ferred. 13V.8 Sixth at., room 2.
■yOUXO WOMAN WISHES POSITION AS
-L houstkeeper: no triflers; references. Address
S. M. D.. box 134. CalL
AGOING G KRMAN GIRL WOULD LIKE TO
X have DOiltion for upstairs work: waces $15 to
20. Pie&se Inquire at 116 Hyde st-
BY WOMAN OF MIDDLE AGE POSITION AS
hou.« keeper, or to care for invalid. Call or
address J., Young Women's Christian Association,
1221 O'Farreli St. ,
A CCOMPLISHED YOUNG LADY WITH
* v many attractions wants place as nouseke -per
in bachelor's or widower s home. Room 2 223 Post.
I ADY WOULD L KE TO DO PLAIN SEW-
U lug and repairing at home. Apply 131 Taylor
St., room -.
COMPETENT WOMAN WANTS U> U»E-
\J work ; -good cook and lanndcess. Call or ad-
dress 3480 Sevonteentn St.. near Guerrero.
"ynUNG WOMAN WANTS WORK BY THE
I day, washing, ironing or any kind of work.
4-lbi/ Xatoma sU
T ADY OF EXPERIENCE DKSIRES POSI
-LJ tion as housekeeper in lodglns-house or wid-
ower's home. Room 21, 220 Third st
yOUNO WOMAN WOULD LIKE TO DO
A light housework: has small child; country
preferred; best Of reference: Call, box 8. CalL
] ADY WOt LD LIKE A POSITION AS
1j housekeeper, hot. lor lodging-house. Apply
138a Fourth street, room 4.
■yOUNO LADY, FORMERLY IN GOOD CIR-
X cumstant.es. desires a lucrative position as
hous keeper; or will do gentlemen's mending.
I'M Eills St., room In, second floor.
ESPEC TABLE WOMAN WANTS WORK BY
IV the day washing, ironine. nurginp or general
housework: $1 dav and carfare. Address MRS.
J.\cK?uN. 11l Minna sU
\\MDOW. A ABLE, EXCELLENT COOK,
II .1-ite bouseiceepor, desires place as man-
ager in widower's h m»- or will travel as nurse or
private secretary. 1148 Sutter, room 35, third floor.
II" ANTED— POSITION AS HOUSEKEEPER
11 or sewing in family by a Mason's wife, good
references. M. A. W.. box 107, ca L
SUBSCRIPTIONS AND WANT ADS FOR THE
0 Cam. taken ai branch office, 339 Hayes su ;
open unt;i 9:3J o'duck.
SITUATION AS WETNURSE. ADDRESS
Nurse, 749 Market st.
•yOUNG LADY WOULD LIKE A PLACE AS
X housekeeper In a bachelor's or widower's
home Room 1, 1035 Market s .
OUNG EASTERN WIDOW OF R FINE-
X meni ana culture desires a position as manag-
ing Housekeeper in widower's or bachelor's house.
Room 2, 122 Post su
I ADY OF EXPERIENCE DESIRES A POSI-
Ij tion as housekeeper In lodging-house or wid-
ower's home. Room 3, 995 Market su
1 1 <J LARKIN— BRANCH OFFICK OF THE
I XO CALL: subscriptions an 1 want ad* taken.
FINED EASTERN WIDOW, JCXPERI-
IX enced bonsekeei er. desires a situation as
housekeeper for a widower, country preferred.
Room 9, 238 Kearny St., from 10 a. m" to 9 p. m.
I ADY WOULD LIKE A SITUATION AS
I 1 housekeeper for widow, gentleman with chil-
dren or cook for sor 6 gentlemen. MRS. A. DA-
DAMI, 313 Suiter.
1 'Ulln-.iiiM COOK WIST&ES 'SITUATION
v^ in private family; would ao several house-
work in strati family. Call at 227 Hayes a:.
TIT ANTED— BY A YOUNG WOMAN IN HO-
it lei n.ain sewing, mending or care of linen-
room; sleeps home. Call or address 11- Eighth-
WANT ADS AND SUBSCRIPTIONS FOR
ii The (all are taken at Branch Office, tooth-
west corner sixteenth and Mission s.s.
WINCHESTER HOUSE. 44 THIRD ST.. NR.
" Marxet: 200 rooms v;sc .0 *1 50 per nUht;
$1 60 to Sb par week; convenient and respectable;
tree bus and baggage to and from the terry.
W COR. SIXTEENTH >!'.. NJCAR MlS-
sion: branch office of Th e Call. Sub-
scriptions and want ads taken.
SITUATIONS WANTED MALE.
HUNTER & CO.. CHINESE AND JAPA-
nese employment office. 17 Webb st., below
Kearney, nr.Cal.: tel. main 231. W.C. YOUNG, mgr
/"CHINESE AND JAPaNESK EMPLOYMENT
\J office; best help. 4111/2 O'FarrelL Tel. E. 426.
JAPANESE I.NTr.LLIGh.NCiK AGENCY. R.
O 90. St. Ann's bl'g, 6 Eddy St.; tel .Vain 5234.
/CHINESE A J a I'AM-SE; KST'D 20 YI:aKS;
V>belp;teLmaln 1997. BRADLEY A C ■ 1. .640 Clay
yOUNO MAN WANTS POSITION AS BAR-
X tender; has h d some experence 1 1 the busi-
ness: wages moderate. Address Bartender, box
69, Call Office. , - . -
»
/GARDENER (GERMAN). COMPETENT IN
VT all branches. 5 years in last place, wishes a
situation: private family. Address G. G., box
148, CalL
Ri-.LIaBLK YOUNG GERMAN WANTS
work of any kind; understands care of horses,
)anlt r or porter work la business or private place.
Address O. 8., box 164, Call Office.
SITUATION WANTED BY. GaRDENER
O with lint-class references. Address Gardener,
box 92, Call Office.
Situations WANTED BY YOUNG man
O and wtte trom the East; good horseman: can
milk; had experience In taking care of lawn;
wages not .10 much as steady place. Call or ad-
dress R. E., 726 Mission su
ENGINEiR WOULD LIKE POSITION:
would leave city for permanent place. Ad-
dres* En; inrer. b>x 165, Cull.
\\rANTED— BY YOl NG MAN, POSITION OF
11 any kind; able and willing to do bard work.
Address A. C. E.. box 57, Call.
DAINTER, PAPER-HANGER A.ND DECOR A-
X tor. 20 years' experience in Eastern cities, will
work by the day or contract. Address Decora, or,
box 21, Call office.
GARDr.NER, GERMAN, SINGLE, OF LONG
VX experience in landscape, carpet ' bedding,
greenhouse and vegetab.e growing, wishes to take
cnarge cf private place: baa had charge over one.
place six and ner three years; can furnish the
very best references. Add. li. W., box 80, Call.
Situation wanted by a married
man; we 1 acquainted in city ; may bring trade:
strictly temperate; store wor< pieferred: uaudy
with tools or drive team. Call 613 McAllister si.
OUSECLKANER WANTS ALL KINDS OF
XX hrousecleaning d.v the day 01 hour. Address
JAPANr.Sr- GEORGE. 1210^ Larkiu st.
OY 16 YEARS OLD WANTS A SITUA-
I* tlon; will make himself generally useful for a
home and 3 nail wagts; city or coumry. Address
380 Lexington »ve.
WAITER: YOUNG WAITERS WANT PO-
sltions toge.ber in some country hotel or res-
taurum. ■ Address, with particulars, Waiters, box
113, Call Office. •
TRo>U WILLING YOUNG MAN OF 23
wishes plaLe to do hard work; is handy. Ad-
areas 869 I'olsom su
WANTED JBY AN ENERGETIC STEADY
man— position in a crockery-house as 1 airs-
man or drum 1 er: understands business; best ref-
erence can be furnished. Address salesman, box
; 120. tins office. :
kU.nG MAN, NKAT APPEARING. DE-
sirei situation .as coachman ;_ auders;ands
tiori>«s, cows, chickens, cardemng: Industrious and
ob.igtnv; f^O per month: references. Address S.
C, box 16, Call.
SITUATION WANTED AS JANITOR OR TO
do general work around institution or some
large place where there Is plenty or work, by a
middle-aged man: handy wl.h tools; is palmer
and paper-hanger by trade. Address C. J. E., box
[ 108, Call Office.
*ITITATTO?m WANTED-Cont.lnn»«l.
ORGANIST. ACCUSTOMED TO A THRr.E-
manual organ, desires a position; will depu-
tize: can give , best of reference as to ability.
Address Or.-anlst, box 163, Call Office.
r OUNG MAN. STENOGRAPHER SEVERAL
X years' experience In commercial work, wishes
position in wholesale-house or law office ; \1 refer-
ences furbished; salary secondary consideration.
Please address X. L., box 47, Call.
Situation WANTED by married man
wKh references as a erainfarm foreman; will
work at anything: wile win ooolc lor 3 or 4 men if
desired. Address E. S., 726 Mission sU, room 7.
EX PKRIK N C £ D ARCHITECTURAL
draughtsman, artUi, superintendent builders
assistant, wi h some knowledge of bookkeeping,
wants employment of any kind. Z., box 65. Call.
EXPERIENCED RANCH FOREMAN DE-
XJ hires positioii. C. MILLEi:, 210 Clipper st.
LMRST-CLASSCOACHMAN; UNDERSTANDS
X band.i ng horses; good gardener; ha* always
worked around firm-c.ass families: best of refer-
ences: good milker. Address Reliable, box 140,
Call Office,
CAPAIJLK AND HONEST MAN WANTS
V' place as porter In saloon or hotel. Apply 611
Pine st.
U" ANTED— PO- ITIOX BY YOUNG MAN AS
• > foreman or as'lstant superintendent of quartz
mine; 10 years' experience; understands assaying,
underground >urveyine and practical tnininz; sal-
ary not so much an object as permanent position.
Address J., box 66, this office.
BOOKKEEPER WAN A POSITION: 10
years' experience: understands selling: refer-
ences; salary no object. W. G. C, box 71, Call.
-'IT MONTGOMERY. COKNEK OF CLAY-
"-I Open untl 9:30 o'clock; branch office of
the Call: subscriptions and want ads. taken,
TNTELLIGKNT AND RELIABLE MIDDLE-
X aged mau wants any kind of light, work; ref-
erence and bonds. Address S. S., box 108, call.
yoUNG MAN WITH FAIR INCOME DE-
X sires acquaintance of young working girl : ob-
ject matrimony: give particulars. /-, box 160, Call.
MARRIED MAN DESIRES WORK ON SMALL
fruit ranch; wife good cook; comfortable home
desired; wages reasonable. P. S.. box 66, Call.
O ITUATION WANTED BY A COFFEE-
-0 planter; German, single, with four years' ex-
perience in Central America in coffee, bananas,
cacho ana commissary, wishes to go south again,
as manager or second. For particulars write to
A. /... box 134, Call Office.
4 MARKET ST.— BRANCH OFFICE OF THE
"1 Call; want ads and subscriptions t alien.
OOq HAYES -BKANCH OFFICE OF
•'•'«' lut Call; BUbscrlptions and want ads
taken.
1) RANCH OFFICE OF THE CALL, 167 NINTH
XJ su — Want ads and subscriptions taken.
A MARKET ST.— BRANCH OFFICE OF THE
~i Call: want ads and subscriptions taken.
WINCHESTER HOUSE, 44 THIRD ST., Nil.
'" Market; 200 rooms; 25c to 91 50 per night:
$1 60 10 $6 per week: convenient and respectable;
tree bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
FEMALE HELP WANTED.
yOOKG WOMAN COOK FOR THE MINES,
-I ?25, fare p. Id: waitresses a' d housework girls.
MUiIRAY as READY, Leading Emnloyment
Agents, 634-636 Clay st.
DEFINED PROTESTANT LADY TO CARE
XV for several children, gentleman's family, coun-
try town; one who can teat h he children, also
speak French, prefeired; references: $26 and
found. MURtIAV d: READY, Leading Employ-
ment Agents, 634-636 Clay st.
2 WAITRESSES, SAME HOTEL. SOUTH, $20;
waitress, hotel neur city, *20: 2 keepers.
country, $10 and $15; housegirl for Monterey.
$15; 2 second work. $15; 2 n .r>e«iiK $1l; 8
girls for lions- work, $. 5 and 920; waitress, coun-
try tel, $20. C. R. HAASEN & CO., 110
Geary sL
pERMAN GIRL. COOK. ETC.. FAMILY 4,
VI si. ill wash, $25: good cook, family 5. no wash,
$20: plain cook, ainiiy 10, small wash, 925: also
family 6, 8 all wash. $20. Apply Monday,
JOUNBTI X. 872 B oadway, Oakland.
OFFICE FKE REDUCED; 25 CTS.; GIRiuSOF
a 1 nationalities to till various positions. Ger-
man Employment Office, 306 Mason su
GIRLS FOR GENERAL HOUSEWORK:
U wages $10 to $25. MRS. SFENCEK, 1321
Park st., Alameda.
I ADY WANTS A CHUM TO SHARK ROOM
li and expenses; diessmakor preferred. B. 8.,
box 42, Call Office.
OMAN TO TAKE CARE OF LADY DURING
'• confinement, also childr n; must be reuscna-
able. Call Sunday between 12 and 2, 737 Market.
V" YOUNG GIRL* TO WORK IN MUSIC-
£• hail in country on commission: good oppor-
tunity. Apply 926 Washington St., upstairs.
VEAT GIRL TO AS.««I^T WITH COOKING
*-' and li-ht housework; wages 98; sleep home.
1016Noest.
/ 1 IRL WAN IED FOR LIGHT HOUSE-
VJ work and 10 care for baby. Call 1710 Larkin
St., near Washington.
yOUXG UIRLTO ASSIST IN LIGHT HOUSE-
-L work. Call 119 Twenty-saventh st., near Guer-
rero. \
VXPKRIENCED OPERATORS ON FLAN-
Xii n>-l overshirts and underwear. IKVI
STRAUSS & CO., 32% t"remo..t st,
yOUKG GIRL FOR LIGHT HOUSEWORK
X by faiuily of 2. 112 Valencia st.
p IRLTO DO LIGHT HOUSEWORK; SMALL
v_T family; room at home. 132 Albion ave.
1 EXPERIENCED SALESLADY FOR LADIES'
Jj muslin underwear. AARON BROS., 1038
Market st. ' ■ .: j
U? OMAN 21 TO 24 FOR LIGHT HOUSE-
keeping; one In family; wages 98. M. A. N.,
box 149
LADIKB WANTED, TO LEARN MILLINERY;
XJ thoroughly and practically taught; classes
now forming fur spring work; satisfaction guaran-
tee;! ; evening classes. Millinery School, 2'-'Vi
Geary or 410 Leavenworth.
AY" ANTED — LADY TO TRAVEL ON THE
' » road with gentleman and address envelopes
and send out circulars; will pay pooa salary to
right person: age 18 to 30. O. P., oox 29,Ca11.
THi. S. F. DRES>-CUTTING >CHOOL WILL,
give one week's tuition free, beginning Feb. 15:
the only school on rum. doing first-class tailoring
in connec.iuu 916 Mar .ci sl.
IN PAPER- BOX FACTORY. 689 MARKET
X St., exper.enced hands wanted.
QTENOGRAPIIERS WILL FIND IT ADVAN-
-0 tageous to join the Evening Stenographic
>peedClubat Heald'* Bus. College, 24 Post si:
fee.i 91 50 a month; any system ; also beginners.
\%T ANTED— YOUNG UIRL FOR GENERAL
'» housework with references. 2241 Suiter at.
ANTED— FRENCH OR SWISS GIRL FOR
'» general housework, Call 964 Jefferson at..
Oakland.
RIGHT LADY AGENTS FOR HOUSEHOLD
XJ necessity ; good pay. Address A., box 46, Call.
OOD DRUMMER, TO SOLICIT ORDERS
1 * for printing-bouse; fine chance. ORMSBY,
636 Clay st.
LEARN DREBSCOTTING AND MILLINERY;
■* SI per week; unlimited leisons: patterns
25c. McDowell Dressmaking School, 636 Market.
I/LYNN'S JJREBSMAKING AND CUTTINu
X Academy. 14 McAllister St.: $1 a week.
/•I n LARKIN— BRANCH OFFICE OF THK
"lv Call: subscriptions and want ads. taken.
MOST CONVENIENT AND RESPECTABLE.
i»l Winchester Hous», 44 Third st.. near Market:
200 rooms; 25c to $1 5J per night: 91 50 to $6
per week: free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
r ANTED-10 YOUNG LADIES TO LEARN
'» barber trade: shop to open May 1. Particu-
lars call l.iSVj Eighth St., S. F. Barber College.
LAWRENCE CUTTING SCHOOL IS THE
XJ only reliable place for patterns: every one
guaranteed to be perfect. 1231 Market su
111' NINTH ST— BRANCH OFFICE OF
XX \J The Call; subscription and want ads
taken.
MALE HELP WANTED.
GARDENER FOR PRIVATE FAMILY WHO
can milk few cows, $26 and found; milkers,
920 to 925; young man of some experience for
carriage factory; farmers: roan to raise black-
berries on shuit-s, etc. MURRAY A READY.
Leading Employment Agents, 634-636 Clav st
BOY Wanted — INDUSTRIOUS OFFICK
boy, 14 to 16 years old: address in own hand-
writing; name reierences. M. B. &, box 140, c a. I.
ANTED— MEN FOR GOVERNMENT POSI-
ii lions aa railway mall clerks, carriers, gan-
gers, iuspectora, engineer*, watchmen, janitors,
etc., to write at once for valuable Information
(free): examinations occur soon In every stat».
V. S. BUREAU OF INFORMATION, DepU 89,
Cincinnati, o.
\\r ANT D-GOOD BOOTBLACK AT 409
*» Brod-rick st , near oak.
l\r ANTED— GOOD SALESMEN FOR
'i staple line; good men only ne>*d apply. Ad-
dress with references INTERNATIONAL MAN-
UFACTURING COMPANY, lowa City, la.
BOY ■ WAN TKD, TO STRIP TOBACCO. AP-
ply Monday, after 10 o'clock, at 154 Second st.
A N APPRENTICE, ABOUT ONE YEAR'S EX-
f\ perien-e in jewelry repairing, who resides
with Barents. 102 laylor st. ' ,
O ROOMS TO RENT TO SOBER, STEADY
•* man; will give such person employment: rent
10. Address, with references, W. s., box 44, Call.
HELP WANTED-fonMnn.<l.
DISHWASHER WANTED; CALL AT 8. 116
-L/ Turk st.; rear.
<Si~\ 'SO PARTNER: MONEY USKD IN
v£**n V.*,, bl lne88: chance to make money.
Box 60, Call office.
ANTHD— STEADY, RELIABLE MAN FOR
»» position in country: must have $5 expense
money. Call after 10 a. m.. 9 Geary, room 2.
MEN OR WOMEN TO WORK FOR US DAY
i.TA or evening at their homes: pleasant work;
no canvassing; experience unnecessary; w«, pay
salary; Inclose sianv for particulars. s andard
Mfg. Co , 142 West Twi nty-ihlrd st.. New York.
T\r ANTED— IOOO MISSION WORKERS TO
*' iescue the fallen. Call BP. M., 31 Tnird st.
WANTED A CARPENTER— BILL WALL,
»» i'ira>e call at Captain THOMSON'S, N\V.
cor. Bay and Taylor; buUdinc anew bicycle boat.
ANTED— BOY WITH SOME EXPERIENCE
» » at wagon-making. Apply 2312 Pine st.
BARBER^— FOR EMPLOYMENT CALL SEC.
*-> P. C. Barbers' Assn. s. FUCHS, 325 Grant ave.
JOURNEYMEN BARKERS' LIIPLOVMILXf
0 *ecretarv .H. BERNARD. 102 t-e»«nth at.
. AIiBEK WASHSTANDS. 1, 2 AND 3 BOWLS.
I ' cheap. H. HUFaCHMIDT. 623 Golden Gate av
"IirANTVD— GOOD FITTER FOR PARTNER
.!.!. in leather and shoe findings store. Address
467 Sixth st., Oakland.
1 A DIES' AND GENTS' MISFIT SHOES
JJ bought and exchanged; new vamps and sec-
ond-hand shoes for sale; largo stock; shoes made
to order; bes stock; work guaranteed: all kinds
of repairing. 749 Mission, near Grand Opera-house.
ANTED— AN IDEA; WHO CAN THINK
"of some simple thing to patent? >rotectyour
iiles. they may bring you wealth. Write JOHN
WEDDERBURN&CO., Dept. L, Patent Attor-
neys. Washington, D. C, for their 91800 prize
offer and new list of 1000 inventions wanted.
V*r ANTED— SALESMAN EXPERIENCED IN
»» school supplies. Whltaker-Ray C0.. 723 Markt
LCHOHOUSK, 8631/j, MARKBI'BT.- KOOM3
30c, 25c to 50c night; $1 to $2 weeK.
9^O/' MISSION - SUBSCRIPTIONS AND
_«.»-_'» want ads taken for THK CALL.
E>T IN CITY-SINGLE ROOMS. 15. 20 AND
» 25 cent* Per night: * L $1 a5 ' $1 60 per we**.
Paeinc House, Commercial and Leldesdortt sis.
11/^NINIH Sl'. BRANCH OFFICE OF
liu imc Call; subscription and want ads.
taken.
IJKUNSWICK HOUSE. 148 SIXTH ST.: OPEN
' » all night; rooms 25c to 91 per night: . 91 25 to
$5 per wee*. J. G. DUAKE, Manager.
STYLISH AND DURABLE CALF SHOES
made to order, 92 50. 959 Howard, nr. Sixth.
RECRUITS WANTED FOR THE U. 8. MA-
rlne Corps, U. S. Navy— Able-bodied unmar-
ried men between the ages of 21 and SO years
who are citizens of the United s:ates, or those
who have legally declared their intention to be-
come such; musi be of good character an., habits
and able to speak, read and write English and be
between 6 feet 5 Inches and 8 feet in height. For
further information apply at the Recruiting Office,
20 Kills St.. San Francisco, CaL
ROOMS 15c To 75c PER NIGHT; 6Oc TO $1 60
XV per week. Oriental, 225 Drnmm st.
SINGLE FURNISH KD ROOMS; 15c A NIGHT:
0 75c week. Llndell House, Sixth and Howard.
WANT ADs AND SUBSCRIPTIONS FOR
M The Call are taken at Branch office, south-
west corner Sixteenth and Mission sis.
WANTKD. To COLLECT WAGES DUE LABOR
'» «r*<&clerkm. K.\oX Collection A«cy. 110 Sntta.-
'PRY ACME HOUSE. »57 MARKET ST.. BS-
X low Sixth, for a room: 25c a night; $1 a wee*.
1 C\t\ MEN TO TAKK LODGING AT lOC, 150
l\J\J and 200 a night, Including coffee ana roils.
1 24 Washington su, near Kearnv.
QKOft MISSION ST.-BRANCH OFFICE OF
—<J — U Taic Call; aubscrlptlons ana want ads
taken.
ANTKD- LA BORERS AND MECHANICS
"to know that Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprie-
lor, Bill! runs Denver House, 217 Third St.: 15J
large rooms; 25c per night; 91 to 93 per week.
T3OSEDALE, 321 ELLIS ST.— SINGLE FUR-
XV pished rooms, -'Oc to 250 night. $1 to $1 50 wk.
EbIMU.-. WANTS 100 Mr.N To OET BOT-
. tie beer or wine 6c : best free lencn. 643Clay
WINCHESTER HOUSE, 44 THIRD ST., NR.
'» Marset: £00 rooms, 25c a night: reading-
room: tree bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
\\r ANTED-SINGLK, ROOMS, 15c A DAY; $1
" week; rooms for 2. 25c a day. $1 60 a wee*;
t ing-room: daily papers. 36 Clay st. .
\\r ANTED, YOUR SHOES— WE REPATR
•* shoes up to 9 o'clock every night: those work*
Ing through the day can have their snoea repaired
at night while you wait: lames' soling, 85c; mea'l
toling, 60c: fin* shoes made to order from 52 op:
we have a lot of show been damaged by water, at
less than one- fourth ' their value, from 26c up t j
92 60. 562 Mission hU. bet. First s:. and Second «■
AGENTS WANTED.
A GENTS— SOMETHING NEW; JUST OUT:
*v Wonder Egg Beater and Cream Whip: re alis
lbc; sample mailed free for 6c to pay postage;
large line other quick-selling specialties. G. C.
VIMNG. mgr. de,>t. T. 25 Randolph st., Chicago.
"T"G"KNT^-GENERAT~MILEs'~B6bK~WILL
xi. pay from $10 to *20 a day. Address for terri-
tory, F. Person, mgr. subscription department,
THE WHITAKER & RAY CO., 723 Market St.
4 GENTS— BRYAN'S BOOK, "THE FIRST
-TV Battle," Apply or address for territory, F.
i-erson, manager subscription department, THE
WHITAKER <£ RAY COMPANY, 7*3 Market St.
I'R LATEST NOVELTY (SAMPLE 10c)
and other fast sellers: 96 to $10 a day easily
made. Aluminum Novelty Co., 110 Sutter st. -
TyANTED— MEN AND WOMEN TO START
'» mall-order business at home; big money;
easy, safe, sun»; can; unnecessary. For partic-
ulars send addressed and stamped envelope, lock
box 1085 Phoe:ilx. Ariz.
ASK OUR AGENTS WHO IS MAKING THE
most money. BRICK & CO., novelties, 777
Market st.
HOUSES WANTED.
"WANT D— TO RENT FURNISHED LODG-
'» ing or boarding bouse; responsible house-
keeper. Address H. H., box 137. Call Office.
BOARDING WANTED.
ROOM AND BOARD WANTED BY JAPA-
ne»e young man; state terms. Address S. M.,
box 137. Call Office.
PIANO WASTED.
TTPKTGHT PIANO: THE USE TO PAY FOR
storage. PIANO: THE ISE TO PAY FOR
J stontpie. T. . box 71, Call.
WANTED-MISCELLANEOCS.
TO EXCHANGE— FINE JEWELRY FOR A
harumerless Smith or Parker, 12 tauge, in good
condition. W. C, bux 19, Call Office.
TyANTED-FLRNISHED ROOMING-HOUSE
TV to take care of by a responsible party. Ad-
dress R. N., box 98, Call office.
BUILDINGS BOt'UUT: LUMBER, SASHKB.
XJ doors, mantels, etc., for sale. 1168 Mission s*
SELL YOUR BOOKS, CLOTHING AND JEW-
elry to A. KLEIN. 109 Sixth su: send poataL
CAKPET CLEANING.
CITY STEAM CARPET CLEANING WORKS:
cleans, moves. lays carpets. G. 11. STEVEN*
IMB 88 and 40 Eighth st. ; telephone South 250.
HEN YOU BKCOMK DI>GUSTED WITH
" poor work send toSPAULDING'S Pioneer Car-
pet-beating Works, 353-57 Tehama St.; tel. So. 4J.
pARPET-l LEANING, 3c: LAYING, Sc: RUG
\J samples free; tel. jesiie 944. Stratto:i,3 Btb st.
* dvance CARPET-CLEANING CO, 402
J\ Suiter; tel. Main 394. GEO WALL prop.
T WATTS, reliable carpet-cleanliig renovtg. alter-
O . ation works. 409 McAllister, lei. J.ssie 321.
nARPETS CLEANED & RENOVATED LIKE
v new. 23 Tenth; tel. South 36. Mackintosh A Co.
JE. MITCHELL, CARPET-CLEAMNU CO.,
. 240 14th su ; cleaning 3c a yard. Tel. Mis. 74,
pON KLIN'S CARPKT- BEATING WORKS
V 333 Golden Gale ave. Telephone East 126.
HORSES.
JA HORSES FOR BALE; ALSO WAGONS.
j" boggles, carts, harness; Grand Arcade Horse
Market, 327 Sixth su: auction sales every Wed-
nesday. SULLIVAN &DO i LE. Auctioneers.
ALL KINDS OF TURNOUTS TO LKT AND
for sale. M.F. BOY CE'S livery sun-le. 38 12th st
C A HEAD OF HORSES SUITABLE FOR ANY
business 900 to 1500 pounds. Old Turk-st. car
stables, 1301 Turk; team of larse young mules.
P.n/1 BET NEW AND bECON I>-H AN l) UAB-
O\J\J ness: all kinds: buggy. wa*on, carts, surra;
4roct«»»T; 40 cheap torses. 15ia and Valencia.
Cf| HEAD DRIVING AND WORK HORSES;
QyJ weight 1000 to 1700 lbs. 862 Howard at.
WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
TyANTED-GOOD BUSINESS BUGGY. 2606
Folsom st.
\TEW AND SECOND-HAND BAKER. LAUN-
-»-» dry and milk-wagon; also fine top buggy and
rock-away. B*B Harrison st.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
CORNER SALOON. CAFE AND GRILL: ON
VJ Market st. ; mist magnificently furnished place
of its kind and In one of the .largest buildings in
the city; one of the finest bars in town: receipts
are at least $3000 and run as :i x 1 as S4OJO per
month: established over 16 years: has alwavs
done an extensive business: very cheap rent; long
lease; this i>!ace cou d not be duplicated mr $10,-
-000; as owners cannot agree they have decided to
sell at a great sacrifice: full Investigation courted.
A. S. LEsS, 1032 Market St.
Cfc^nA MEAT MARKET ACROSS THK BAY;
*!*'J\J\J. refrigerators, cash register, 2 horie*
and wagons: steady run of first-class trade, which
can be verified; Immense bargain. A. S. LE&S,
1032 Market st.
<s_l^nfk coffee SALOON AND chop-
J O\J\J. house; opposite lar e depot: estab-
lished 15 years; present owner there 'i ve»rs;
crowded duriuic taeal hours; steady run all day.
A. S. LESS, 1032 Market St.
<fc7~rv CASH SECURES AN INTEREST;
•IP • O\J $75 monthly «alary and board: in good-
paying legitimate business; a genuine bus ne<«
offer: open to weil-meanlng applicants. A. S.
LESS, 103-' Market st.
CUMfin COKN R SALOON A FEW DOORS
*S>fJ\J\J. from Market st. established over 20
years; finely fitted up. A. 8. LES&. .032 Murkeu
*ft^no t-OKNER GROCERY AND BAR IN
«IP«JV7\J. Western Audition: established a num-
berof years: bear* thorough investigation A. S.
LESS, 1032 Market st.
«•' XA PARTNER WANTED IN FIRST-
HP. UU. class old-established meat market;
situated on choice corner north of Market su;
horse and cart: prefers partner 10 hired help. A.
8. LESs, 103J Market st.
CORNER C I G A R- STO K E: OI.D-ESTAB-
VJ lish d: doiiigagood, profitable, business: bears
thorough Investigation; must be sold at once. A.
S. LESS, 1032 Market st.
rTHOSE WHO ARE SEEKIN - BUSINESS
X places such as saloons, grocery-stores, lodging-
houses, restaurants, dellc»tes«>ii. cigar-store*,
butcher-shops, -stores, coffee-salon i.s and all
other kinds of Business, it will pay you to consult
the reliable firm of THOMAS CO., 33 Sixth su
room 18; telephone South 592.
©97;; WILL BUY A FINE RESTAURANT:
*••«-*• cheap rent: receipts from $12 to $16
a day; will bear investigation to this effect. 33
sixth, room 18.
SALOON FOR SALE: OLD ESTABLISHED
O and well known: finely fitted up; disagreement
of partners only cause of sale. Apply 33 Third st.
IjMNE CANDY-STORE ON MaHKKI , DOING
a good business; will bear investigation. 33
Sixth St.. room 18.
©1 9r\ PARTNER AS CASHIER AND AS-
<Xpl'-'*J. Bistant in restaurant, $40 per month,
room and board. Apply 33 Sixth su, room 18.
QUARIKH INTEKE- TIN VALUABLE MINE
will be given for $100j, to be exoei ded in con-
necting with 20-inch vein of ay copper averag-
ing over f 200 per ton, which has been opened on
adjoining c lain). 50 feet from our property: rail-
road within \y.. miles: references given. Address
H. a. CHURCH, 215 Eighth at, S. F.
OR SALE-WELL-ESTABLISHED FANCY
goods business In Oakland: suitable forl.<dy
und- rsta-'ding fancy work: comfortable living;
rooms adjoliiinar store; price very low. Address
box 12, Cull Office. Oakland.
O ALOON FOR SALE; MARKET ST.; CEN-
O rally located; p> pu ar resort: cheap rent pro-
rrietor has other business; no ageuts. S. *' box
102.
Ty ANTED - PARTNER IN A RESTAU-
»» rant; must have $300 cash; understand
waiting or cooking; clears $200 p.«r month. 116
C ALOON AT A REAL BARGAIN IF SOLD AT
0 once, as ownerjis .iclc: must dispose of 1: at
once. Call Immediately at 447 o'Farre.l su. cor.
Jones.
%CiJ\ BUYS HALF-INTEREST IN A BUSI.
<iPUU ness paying $50 a monih 10 eacn party:
lady preferred. Address L. P., box 80. Call Office.
IpIRST-CLASB SALOON: NEAR BALDWIN
A Hotel; must be sold at once; good reasons for
selling: no agents. Address STONE, box 114, Call.
GOOD CHANCE FOR RESTAURANT MAN;
firat-clats ovster and chop houne for sale- good
location. 216 sixth su
HOTEL OF BO ROOMS TO RENT AND
furniture for sale; opposite the Union Iron
Works. 226 Michigan st.
I7>OR SALE— SALOON AND CIGAR-STORE-
! reasonable. 500 Ellis St., NW. cor. Leaven-
worth.
SALOON FOR SALE; A BARGAIN: ON AC-
O count of leaving city. 615 Market st.
SALOON FOR SALS OR TRADE FOR BUILD-
Iug lot. Inquire 528 Pacific ct.
WOOD AND COAL YARD FOR SALE. AP-
» » ply 564 Howard su
_____ $
DEAR SIR: -V
Yes, It's a fact (because of inevitable private
reasons'). I'm compelled^o offer my land agency
business for srle, and In order to enVct a quici
deal am witling 10 make a g.eat sacrifice and give
some one a gr'atbirgaln and finest business on
Pacific Coast for almost nothing. You may think
it strange (and so it is) that after 16 years of valu-
able experience, in the business, having s.ent
thousands of dollars in advertising and traveled
the Stale over with horse and ou^gy Inspecting
and appraising nearly every raucn on the Pacific
Coast, and now having secured the agency ">f
about 3000 choice roperties offered for sale and
exchange, earned $30,000 commissions la last five
years, still I've rea ly decided to sell everything
just as it stands, Including my enormous list of ac-
curate y written descriptions, together with als co.i-
tracts, complete set of blanks, special}- designed
and printed set of books, diagrams, rraps, hun-
dreds of r holographs, thousands of letters, Ist of
prospective purchasers, all furniture, etc.,
in fact, the most complete and best system-
atized land agency EH AMERICA, Occupying
three elettan'Jy fur.ished f.ont rooms, secured by
long lease a: reasonable r. nt. Everything Is in
prfect condition and though having cost thou-
sands of dollar* and years of hard work all goes
lor a few hundred dollars, which suou.d easily be
made back from deals now in progress wlthiu one
mouth. In conclusion I win say that as the busi-
ness Is simple to conduct and prospects were never
better any wideawake business man can take my
place and make much more in the future than I
have In the past. Pleasant, profitable and genteel
with unlimited possibilities. Thorough investiga-
tion invited by- yours truly, .
N. D. S l KELS,
THE
LAND AGENT,
620 Market st, opp. Palace Hotel.
"yOUNG EASTERN LADY WANTS GENTLE-
i. man partner: some means. 850 Market, r. 6.
OR SALE— WKLL- PAYING SALOON WITH
good cash trade. 232 Third st.
hOSPEROUS REPUBLICAN WEEKLY
newspaper; golden opportunity: easy terms-
owner leaving. AdJress A.', box 61, this office,
/^LD-ESTABLISHED WHOLESALE PROD-
VS uce comm ssion business for sale; good oppor-
tunity for active, energetic man to step into and
add to an alreaiy built-up trade. Address Busi-
ness, box 108, Call Office.
(ft 7^o FINE LIVERY STABLE: LONG
i O\J. lease: 10 horses: 2 nacus: 1 coupe-
express wagon: »urrey; top and open buggy har^
st co - t& Vafe^c?' ll " complet *- 31U sixteenth
OOD OPENING FOR A MAN WHO UN-
VX derstands the fruit business: als > stood route-
horse and wagon. Apply West Knd Grocery
Greenwich and Baker sts.; te.. Stei ner 3211.
ILK DEPOT, BRANCH BAk¥kY, GRO-
cerl-s and notions with 4 living roons-r.nt
E ar a i4^ffi m^ cation: -s b — = ££
yuUNG WIDOW WANTS A GENTLEMAN
1 partner; small capital. Room 8 , 207 Post st.
0 VKiiPTHB BEST MILK ROUTES IX ALA-
for ?_ ! ~«i? ni ! t l for sale; run by present owner
? T 'Tew J«H £? e "ii C J?. nsß of sellln «- A «»dre.s
at Fitchb^ H ' "° X 1UU ' AUmedft ' or *' »«"* i
TjiINE GROCERY AND BAR; PAYING BUSI-
X ness; receipts $12 per day; owner going to
Sot ° UoKJIAS . 644 Natoma •»-. « 1561
F2 H . Sale -bkancu bakery, candy.
x notion store and launiry office; iurni ure of
3 rooms for sale; owner leaving city. 437 Fulton.
f> ESTLE.M.AN PARTNER BY ATTRACTIVE
VJ and refined young lady. 1 Fifth St., room 1.
piGAR-STAND FOR SALE-ON MARKET:
VJ rent cheap. Apply Call Office.
"Or ANTED — PRIVATE PARTY TO AD-
» » vance means to help poor woman recover her
' u ° ne >' from estate: administrator has used
#111,000 and real property tor years: mo uey se-
cured by Interest in property. B. 8., box 72, Call.
OLD CORNER SALOON— MUST BE SOLD i
within the next week. Apply HILBERT
BROS., 103 1 owell st.
OTATIONERY- ORE-OLD, GOOD-PAYING
O place: nice for woman to make a good living.
Inquire Call office.
STOCK uF GROCERIES tOR SALE AT SW.
< or. Post and Hyde sts: store to let; rent $-5.
RUCKKY AND BAH, WITH 6 LIVING-
vT rooms; kept by present owner 12 years. SE.
cor. Twenty-sixth and Bartiett su
<K9nn BUYS A HOTEL BAR AND HKSTAU-
<IP"-"U rant; rent 12. 2521 Twenty-fourth st.,
near where Ho* ard-st. car slops Potrero ave.
"Paying saloon; good location-, daily
-L receipts 10 to Sl2: must be sold account of
sickness. Inquire Call Office.
A NIMATuSCOPr— PROJECTING LIVING
->*- pictures. Animatoscope, 933 Mrkt., 7th floor.
CITY ROUTE FOR SALE. APPLY THIS
Office. :
OC9/5 MISSION - SUBSCRIPTIONS AND
_.«J_.U want ads taken for The Call. . .
X ATEST CAR FENDER PATENT: BEST IN
-Li vectlon. Apply 823 Golden Gate ave.
BUSINESS CHANCES— Continued.
\TEWSPAPKU ROUTE IS INTERIOR CITY
Xi close to can Francisco. For particulars apply
:his office.
j qO(i HAYES— BRANCH OFFICE OF THE
«■>».>*' «. all: subscriptions and want ads taken.
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
Of) ROOM HOUSE"oS MARKET 5T. .... *1400
y 22-room house, only S 400
65 rooms, cor... S,oOU| 14 rms on Sutter. 700
ii rs., must sell 20 j (i6 rms, beat city .3,
H. C. L.>.i KKR, 10J0 Market St., opp. Fifth.
5I;Q^(» 3 -ROOM HOUSK; ROOMS ALL
m OO». rented. H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market.
VR K ' )OMB °- FOURTH ST., NK. MARKr.T:
~ (J _°, ffe r , w * nte< i: no dealers; rent $75. R. P..
box 77, Call Office.
HI UNT ST.-LODGING-HOUBE WITH 38
01 rooms; well-iurnished ; rent $30 per month.
HOUSE- F 8 ROOMS,, FILL, . OMPLETELY
-and newly furnished, foi sale on account of
sickness, cheap; up dealers. 208 seventh st.
1 ODGING-HOUSE FOK sALE; ON ACCOUNT
J ■ retiring Inquire ?-.'6 Golden Gate ave.. >■ _.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
A MONEY-RAISING SALE-30 DAYS ONLY
_T\. Bedroom sets, 3 pieces *;> «n
Solid oak dining chairs .".".'."""". 750
4- room furniture outfit. .'.' "*"" "$B7 50
Brussels carpet, laid ". "55,. vard
SHIitKK & siiIREK, 747 Market it." oppotiuj
Grant ave.
A(\l\ CARPETS; CHAMBER SETS. «lv"
t\J\J stoves, $5: parlor tets, 821: foldtns-bsdi.
$10: bar outfits. T. D. UcUaKTUV, 764 Mtsstoal
AT L. J. NEU-lANN'S. 117 SIXTH, FOR
lowest prices on household eoods: new or toad
«s new: cas 1 or on time; open evenings. ..;■,;
7-ROOM FLAT: ALMOST NEW; PARTIES
1 going Eas:: at a sacrifice. 1:136 Geary su, cor»
ner Uough; call from 1 to 3 P.M.
TTiURXiTURE. STOVES, CARPETS. COUN-
X ters. showcase* ANDERSON, 11-'l Maricet.
FURNITURE WANTED.
IF YOU WANT UUOD PKICKS FOR FTJRNI-
turf and merchandise see BUHD, 211 Larkln.
HIGHER THAN ANYWHERE PAID
JJ m- It. iiaii-i Auction C0.1057 Market. opp. Jon*. 1 — ,
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
pALL AND HEAR NKW STYLE BRUENN
VJ pianos; patent sounding- Loard; new princip..-;
the delight and woudtrof all musicians. 228 I'os .
ELEGANT BRUENN PIASO: G KID AS
X- new; sacrifice. BRUKNN'S, 228 Post st.
A CTUALLY THE BEST BA GAINS IN PI-
-TV. anos; mon hly ments from «5 up; deli\«
er«-d free with s.OjI and cove- . ori'Snnnrti""-
solicited. THE F. W. sPEXCEK COMPANY,
salesrooms 933 Market st., opp. Mason; estab
lished over 20 years.
fltlfifi UPRIGHT IN GOOD CONDITION; A
«JD-Lc'v f . oargai.. Mil K.\.\\S, 2.8 POSt St.
ELEGANT STEIN WAY UPR t.HI FOR 1 ALE
Ijoo account 01 departure; 3peJa<s. THi. V.
W. fcPENCEK COMPANY, fa 33 Market su.oj.p.
Mason.
"\rOU ARE WELCHiE TO CREDIT AT
-I- BRUENN'3 piano bouse, 228 Pojt sU
A BSOLUTELY THE OLDEST AND LARGEST
xJI house west of Chicago is KOHLEK X.
CHASE'S. 26, 28 and SOo'tarrell si.; pianos.or-
g«ns aDd all other muslca! instrum-nts, of all
I grades and prices; terms easy: prices lowest.;
everything possible done, to please and satisfy th*
customer.
LOR SALE-VERY (HEAP; TERMS IF DE« <
1 sired: or will exchange for san FraucUuu rot-
dence property; ti: e large modern residence In
San Jose; clear; every convenience; best loca-
tion: on electric-car line: beautiful garden: fine
frnu trees. J. M. SULLIVAN, U. 8. Mint, San
Francisco.
. ON A FIDE REDUCTION IN PRICES—
• Haines. Knabe, Bush & Gerts and others: sec-
ond-hand pianos from 100 up. W. C. HAMIL-
TON, successor to A. L. Bancroft <fc Co., 324 .r'ost.
FINE WEBER, $200; STEIN WAY. $175;
Hardman, 93:.0; or*jtn, $50: excellent condi-
| lion, second floor, Hooa building, 'IHKDKW-
I J A Ci CO.
OUR RENT CONTRACT PLAN ENABLES
very family to have a fine new piano. SH-.lt-
MA.\, CLAY' & CO., Ktarny and Suiter sts.
4DMINIB! BATOR'S SALE — MUM' SELL.
-C»- pianos a: imnini»« reduction for cash or oa
Ins ailments. EATON ESTATE. 735 Market.
WHY PAY KEN i- FOR A PIANO WHEN
" the same mon bly payments will purchase
one at SHEKMAN, CLAY dt CU'S. P ureil «»»
pOOD UPRIGHTS $125, *150 AND $175- '_
tomTOv «&£&.?£• MAUVAIS MUSA « f
THE BEST PIANOS OF EVERY GRADE.
■L from steinway down, can be found at fcHER-
MAN, CI.AY & CO.'S. «
T?OR SALK-GOOD PIAN'. AT SACRIFICE-
JJ time _iVtfn. Address K. M.. box 98. Call . Sice.
BARGAIN. FINE LAKGE CPR IGHT.CHEA P
SCHMITZ. 16 McAlllsier.next Hibernla Hank.
AT SHERMAN, CLAY A CO.'S ONLY WILL
you find a stock of new Steinway pianos.
ORN UNO'S PIANO; MOST PERFECT:
brilliant and powerful tone. 216 Post st.
WO. BADGER. SOLE ENT FOR HALLET
• & Davis and Francis Bacon pianos. 415 sact<x
I ANOs SOLD AT SHERMAN, CLAY & CO. 'B
on very easy payments.
A SHAW. STEINWAY $250. CHICKERIN3
$186;preat bargains: s4 mo. HiSINE.IS6 EL'U.
BYRON MALZY, SOB PuST ST.— SOHMKK,
Newbv & Evans. Briggs and other pianos.
SUPERIOR VIOLINS, ZITHKKS. OLD& NEW
OH. MI'LLER. mak»r. repuirer 2 I a ham place.
FOR SALE-MISCELLANEOUS.
fJIHOROUGHBRED HATC H 1 N G- E GG 8-
-L Brahma. Cochins, Plymouth Rock, Minorcas
Spanish, Wyandotte. Houian, Hamburg, $1 per
IS: Leghorns 7f>c; Golden and Wulte-Cresi-d
Black Polands: bantams: fowl for sale. 1031 Mc-
Allister st. .
HP HOROUGHBRED HEREFORD COW; VERY
X gentle; 14 quarts a day. 3238 Enclnal ave
High-st. station, Alameda.
HIGHEST GitADE 86 BICYCLE; 810 BAR-
gain. Room 68, Donohoe building, 1170
Market st.
COMPLETE ECONOMICAL QUARTZ MlN-
ing plant cheap. ■"-., box 10, Call Office.
CI»7 SINGE R SE>VING MACHINE. PLY
*$) > . 1630 Ed ly St.
FOR SALE— INTEREST IN HoRE-SHOfc-
ing shop; cheap: account sickness. N., box
158, <- all « .flics. v
<_» 1 /-. DOMESTIC MACHINR: ALL AT-
11*. tachments; good order. 2437 Mission St.,
near Twenty-first.
DETALUMA INCUBATOR; 800 - EGG MA-
X chine: good as new; cheap. Corner Crescentfc
ave. and Fosom st. '.' y
17*O:t SALE— BUTTER AND EGG AND PROD-
-1 uce wagon; (heap. 1340 Turn st.
1,-">R GRAVEL MINE; BARGAIN;
X good titl»; 100 acres; plenty water: Invest •
gate, principals or author! 7. »1 agents only. Ad-
dress u ravel Mine, care P. O. box 68, Placervllie.
cal. :' ■
11UR SALE-$2O; HAND^OMii BLACK BE-
trieverdog; broken land and water. PAYNE
JEWKTT. 97 Clalrmont ave., Temesca', Alameda
County, Cal.
IfOK SALE OR TO LET— A RANCH IN CALA-
: veras County; reasonable. For further In-
formation apply to MKS. RAMSEY, 616 Post sts.
A RRIVED TO-DAY — 2 FRESH COWS;
±\- large milkers: gentle. 131 Folsom st.
T AKGE DOUBLE COMPARTMENT COIN
-LJ bank sale; cheap. 8 Miss on st.
OW TO RENT-GIVES 2 GALLONS DAILY.
VJ 2403 Harrison st.
pOLLECTION OF 10 HARK VIOLINS FROM
VJ th« estate of en ar:Mt for sale cheap. Inquire
410 Kearny st., room 10. ■
ST. BERNARD PUPS;. PRIZE; Pf-DIGRcK;
stock: sire, champion. Grand Master; dam'
first prize. Beauty; perfect color and markings.
312y 4 Fulton St.
TVJKW ELM WOOD RANGES ARE THE BEST
-.X W. S. RAY MFG. CO. 12 California st.
OOILERS.ENOINES.JD-HAND MACHINERY
i-> water-pipes. Mclniosh & Wolpmaa, 137 Beats.
AKS, BACK BARS. IIIKROKs, SHOW-
*• cases, counters," linoleum, office turnltnr*
store and office furniture and fixtures new «,.h
secondhand. J. Ni.oNakT, 1017-1019-1021- luii
Mission su, above Sixth. r "A ."**
BARS, SCALES. MIRROR*, FREVr:>"
ranges, etc.. bought, sold. MEEK, 1118 MUslqi"-
COFFKE ' MILL. SCALES, LETTER PRvs
\J stand desk, money till, safe; cheap. 102 Clay*
i AKS. SHOW CASKS. COU.NTKK3 HUELV-
i. ing, etc., Lougbtana sold. Mission, n77ta.
ONE SMALL' MEDIUM AND LAKOVSIZK
fire and burglar proof safe 109-m __?_% *-
,___ SEWING MACHINES.
C^WP' Q •MACHII?ET~~BOUGiLTr^BoIS
O rented and repaired. I_s bixth auCITT BEAT, ESTATE,
Y~< H. UMBPEN * CO.,
\X. REAL I STATE AGENTS,
Kent Collector* and Auctioneers,
. . 14 Montgomery St., near Market.
" • BARGAINS— RECEIVED.
THRKK ELEGANT MODERN FLATS AT A
BARGAIN. "
C 1 Q l\(\l\ PHtCE RKDUCED FROM $ 16,-
-<>«I.O.UUU. 0U0: r.nt $1440 per annum: 3
etegant new mederu fiats of 8, 8 and 7 rooms ana
I /nth each; lot 27:6x94; We -tern Addition.
LARGE tOKNEU UKSIDENCE LOT.
•<({\ r \i\ 31:3x137:6, LKSS SMATL PIECE
tJ?ULc)V/. out; caner facing the paik.
A UOOU l.NVKc'l'JlK.Nl',
.(T»'Ji)rx(l * SUBSTANTIAL FLATS; RENT
! — O\i $24 per month; lo 25x80; street ac-
ted: Mi!Mii>'i warm belt.
AT A BAUGAIN.
a) 50-Vaßa LOTS IN SIZE 275x130; 3
— frontages, making 12 full lots; 2 corners; BW.
rorner o'Karreli aua Lacuna sis.; call at office for
farther particulars.
UESIDKNCK MUST BE SOLD.
V l (t(t A SUBSTANTIAL 2-STORY AND
'V, •' -' \' . basement residence of 8 rooms and
bath. etc.; a real bargain; must be sold; offer
\\juued.
■CHOICE PRESIDIO HEIGHTS RESIDENCE
•LOT,
Q'^On CORNER, 34:1x80; STREET
tj"- Ouu, work done on both streets; choice lo-
cnlity.
MISSION HOME.
■%m?\nf\ ONK OF THK COZIEST COT-
•T* ' '•-**'". tages in the city; <«übs'.ontlal and
nearly new bay-window co.tage of 7 rooms and
baVu; irkk foundation, etc.; large lot, 36x122:6:
tasy terms offered.
PARK PANHANDLE.
fl^'OOnn EACH— LOTS, EACH 25x137:6:
<Jp-*OUV' Page st ; street accepted.
FLATS AT A BARGAIN. __ _
CjQl'An 2 SUBSTANTIAL FLATS OF 6
I O I 'V'TF. rooms each: bay-windows, brick
foundations, etc. ; stone walks; within 5 minutes'
■walk 01 Haight-streel cars: large lot, 36x128,
■Irregular; mortgage of $2100 ai b^ P■ r cent can
reman If desired : this Is a snap.
< HOICK RbSLDENCU LOT»-
-•Qj.j'^llEACU-2 BEAUTIFUL REBI-
«3p — — OU dence lots. -.9x110; on Doloresst.;
'choicest part of the street: all ready to build on;
f'Ub.lc p«rt will be dir. ct y opposite these lo.s.
■<.U('li K BEH DKNCK.
£;C||.|A NIC. I.V SITUATED ON PIM-.
O«Jw^-"-'. s'..: hoime contains 6 rooms aud bath;
UiOrtgage of $-800 can remain.
(iiLr-ti>i.Ji iwi'>r.Mi;.N 1
-nan BEAUTIFULLY SITUATEDREBI-
-fj^tJUl'U. deuce property; on Presidio Heights:
has a frontage of 85 feet on Washington St., run-
•mug through »67 feet to Jackson St., maicing 6
beantltul lo.s; this li positively a bargain.
::..L>UCKD i- ROM $19,000.
... ji- 1 |Ai 1 TO MAKE AN IMMEDIATE
i_ i U.UUI/. ga.e; property situated on Hayes
si., near Franklin; pool Improvements; renting
for fl'M i> r month: lot 27:6x130 lo rear street.
PACIFIC HKIGHTS, CUR.\KK RKBIDKNCE.
: <^iin PO8SlBl»\ less: CHOICE cor-
-0 iOO\'. ner on Clay st.: nice 2-siory resi-
dence of 7 rooms und bath; lot 30xllo; street
work entirely done.
■ Kill BEACH FINE INVESTMENT.
QOf^An FlLßhlliSl'., N-AR MONTOOM-
i.MrUUU. ory ave.; 4 tenements of 3 rooms
each; ren i $40: 30x60.
CUOICIi McALLISTKU-ST. INVESTMENT.
• <iilO lii ill MCALLISTER, NR. LAOUNA;
(£ lU.UUUi double house la front of 7 room-.
and bath each; also rear house; rent 1j81:27:6x
.120.
AT A SACRIFICE.
Ql'^nll REDUCED FROM $9000- COR-
\ O y '\J. ne: 0:1 Hayes St., near the Dark;
75x10U; street work entirely done; old improve-
ments; mortgage of $4500 can iema:u 11 desired.
.MUST BK SOLD.
COZY DOT 1 AGE ON FULTON ST., NR.
BroderiCK; 6 rooms and bath; 25x137:6; this
isjj:; the main drive to the park; this property
mint be aoia; call at our clhce for further particu-
lars.
. till and ootaln one of our "Real Estate, Rec-
orJs," which contains a list of properties for sale
in all parts or .he cl y.
U. H. UMBSKN .v' CO., 14 Montgomery st.
SHAirCWAX,D, BL'CKBICE & CO., 4EAIi SO-
•3 TATE AGENTS,
SIS-220 MONTGOMERY ST, MILLS
BUILDING.
' ' HOUSES RENTED.
•' SSOOO— Baker St., near entrance to Golden Gate
lark; elegant residence of 11 rooms land bat u
(new): lot 25x96 ft.
$: 2,500 — Hayes st-, cpp. public square: fine new
residence of 10 rooms and bath; all modern im-
p ovements; fine view of bay and city; 10t27:6x
1 .it :t5.
• : ■ 760— good flats, N. of Market. 8. of O'Far-
'jell and K. of Hyde sta. ; rents for $30 monthly.
• 94750— Tw0 good flats of 4 and 5 rooms and
bath'; lot 25x1-8 fee:; Sacramento St., near
Webster.
935 iv— Now cottage on Pine st.; 8 rooms and
bath: lot 27:01 100 feet; stable; reduced from
£.?o< '<) io rna-cu quick sale.
<. 7500— Hyde su, near Post: residence 10 rooms
B'n<l bath.
91000— Guerrero st ; lot reduced from $1500;
lo; '-'5x75.
-. )?40oO— Good 2-story house of 7 rooms and bath
ou Clay st-, opposite public park; lot i"6x127:8V4;
Io: alone north price as»>d.
$J2bl<— Good bay-wludonr cottage on Sanchez
»:., 5 rooms aud bath; lot 25x80 feet; easy terms
if desired. .... .
• ?ii 00— Rents $-s"'monthly to good tenants; two
iUti on c ara st., h t. 3 i and 4th: 10t '.5x85 feet;
bunk mortgage V.'IOO can remain at 6 1 ,., percent.
.-?3oO'J— Weitern Addition cottage, 5 rooms and
bath; lot '..'5x125 feet; Washington st.
'Ss2so— Grove st., near Buchanan; residence 8
rooms and bath: lo: 25x137:6 feet.
$-.000— Terms $200 cash, balance $10 monthly:
modern cottage 01 5 rooms and bath, with a good
stable; >ot 25x125: Dame st.
$^50— 5th KVd.: piles) reduced; be. Point Lobos
and cif-m-m; 25x120: chear.
$)500-Stevpnson. near 14th: lot 25x80.
$1500— Jessie, near Ridley ; lot 25x70.
•fBOU0 — Business proper y on Kolsom St., near
. 12th: ••ore and flats; rents $55 net; lot 25x87:6;
•otfer wanted.
. ■•—.Modern 2-story house on Hartford st.,
nearSOUt; 6 rooms and bath; rented at present
iorf'^o: t»i!ant pays wa er: lo: 25xl'J5.
$16. 00— Leavenworih-su biihiness corner: store
and flats: renting fir $149 monthly; one of the
finest business iorners E. of Polk su; full particu-
lars at our offi. e.
$11,500 — Van Ness ave. residence: 2-story mod-
e,rr i ouse of 10 rooms and bath: large lot, 60x
jH7:6feet; Van Ness ave. biiuminiied.
• i?ssUo— Washington St., near Broderlck; new,
.■ ■<!< rd house of 8 rooms, bath and finished base-
j..Hiii; preitllv decorated aud irescoed; lot 25x
1-7:61/4 feet.
S7OO-21st st., near Hampshire; lot 25x70.
Ibe above Is only a partial list. We will be glad
u luriiish a complete list on application.
BHAINWALD, BUCKBEE CO.,
218-320 Montgomery st., -Mills ding,
T)OVEE, TOY A- BONN FAG,
X) Houses rented, rents co::e - ed and full charge
taken of property.
30 MONTGOMORY ST.
ft9^ 000 FIXK BUSINESS PROPERTY
•_ -.ij.nyjy.?. on 3d st. near Market; 25x75- 3-
story building thereon-, rents $128 per month.
LOT '-5x1X7:6 FEKT: ON PAGE
V -urn, st., near Baker; ready to build on-
for sale cheap.
S' J Of\(\ LOT ON PAGE ST., W. OF LAGU-
. '- ' *-O\J. na; 25x87:6 feet; fine location for
residence.
ft 1 <■) 000 LOT AND 2 HOUSES OX EDDY
t. 1— .KIXJK'. St.. near Larkin; 50x87:6 feet;
tine business location.
OTS IN RICHMOND FROM $700 TO $900:
"5; 9^oo 2-STORY- ROUBB OF 6 ROOMS,
'- *-*JW. barn and outhouses on York s:., near
2-d; size of lot 26x100.
QfiTnO 2 FLATS ON PAGE «T., SEAR
• _ ' 1 » O\f . Flllmor: of 6 and 7 rooms and bath
t"^." ! renting for $22 50 per month; lot 24:6x
i<Mf)n LOT AND 2 HOUSES OS PINE
_V (J^\l\J. t, near Polk; rents $67 60 per
month; lot 26x120; good Investmenu
For farther list apply to
BOVEE, TOY & SONNTAG,
30 Montgomery street.
Q (\A 00 NKW STRICTLY MODERN 10-
-._ im\J\J. room house; park panhandle; terms
to suit
$2760— An elegant 6-room cottage on Four.
teenth St., nr. Noe- offered at this low price for a
•few day» only; terms to suit.
$8800—2 modern flats Tremont ave., nr. Wal-
ler: e sv payments.
$4000— Corner of Ninth ave. and I st • this
•property has k big future; size 100x120.
38500— A pick-up; an entire outtlJe land block
Close to the park.
ENGLISH & MORRISSEY, 628 Market st.
CM CHEAP; MISSION ST., MR. 20TU;
•?!<)""■ large lot, full depth, with good Im-
provements; paying good ii.tere.it on investment;
must -oil.
$1000: nice co* tage of 4 rooms and bath: inside
of 19th and .-anchcE sts.: in good condition; lot
25x1 4: not all casri required.
93500; a beautiful northwest corner In the Mis-
sion: lot 50x80; owner will trade for flats In West-
ern. Addition and pay tl.e difference.
'.heap; 4 lot- bet. J and K sts., on 45th ave.
J. W. WRIGHT A CO., 628 . Marlcetst.
HQAnTO »600 FOR FINK BUILDING LOTS
' t>UU within ten minutes' ride of new City
Hall; s reet graded; lots ready to build on: glee
'-:'>.\loo; easy terms:. $25 down. $10 per month:
Vermont, Nebraska, Nineteenth and Twentieth
»'".: title guaranteed perfect; th y are in the Mis-
sion warm belt: a senulne bargain. RIVERS
B"US.,o«nerB, 500 Hayes su
OACKIFICKD FOR CASH— BKST CORNER
»J i" the Mission. nW. Folsom and Twenty-first
sU.. «5x90; will subdivide; al>o SW. Twentieth
and Treat ave., 25x110; and N. side Page, 87:6
iff! from cor. Shntder, bet. Sbrader and Stau-
50x100.
mfc I f-tnn MODERN COTTAGE OF 5 ROOMS,
tjp. i yJ\J\J. near station. In Berkeley: terms
pa«y. 1-i ..\ HI I'> BAILEY. -0 Mongomery St.
01; I Pin ( ASH AND 820 MONTHLY; FIVE
tip 1 u\J rooms and bath: cottage built latest Im-
provements. 33.; Jerse/ st.. near * astro.
QlQ^O 60x80 FEET; WEST SIDE DE
<]T< 1 OU\J. Long ave.-. 176:6 feet north of Fred-
erick st CHas, C. FItSHEK, 507 California at.
BARGAIN— LOT 25x137:6 ON JIAYES ST,,
south aide, west or 1 11. more; $2900. Owner
aia Hayes sb
CITY RE AT. ESTATE.
MADISON & BI'RKR. KKAL. ESTATE '.
Agents; established 1858; 626 Market st.
BARGAIN— MUSTSELL TO CLOSE ESTATE; '
6th, near- Folsom; 100x76; covered with !
houses; only value of lot asked.
KKARNY-ST. CORNER, NEAR MARKET: I
old Improvements; renting for $400 per
month: price $86,000.
"MONTGOMERY: BLOCK NEAR CA LI FOR- I
•*' n a: stores and offices paying over 8 per cent
on $100,000; lot 95:6x68:0.
<Utl "\ Q(lf\ WEBSTER, NEAR O'FAK- j
<3T±«>.C "V7. rell; modern Improvements In !
flats; well rented; lot 6Ux 137:6: half cash.
QjOnnn FILLMORK NR. MCALLISTER; I
(iiOWU. eltgant flats, renting fors6s; lot 25x !
87:6.
BUSINESS PROPERTY: N LINE HAYES
st., near Franklin; lot 25x120 to rear street; ]
•t re. Hat and rear house: offered cheap.
QfiOOO AGE > NKAR BRODERIOK: HESI-
f^i\JKJ\J\J. dence of 7 rooms and bath : lot 26x
87:6. "
i ".nrin LAG UNA. near EDDY: TWO
<$O\t\J\J. flats: rents $36: modern In every
respect and always rented.
9i ! nOO' * FLATS : LOTT ST., NR. GOLDEN
•±IO\J\J. " a ' e Park; 25x100; yearly rental
$108. .
Jfinn SIIII ' I ' KY - NEAR 6TH-. RENTS I
<!T*lVM»w. $45 per month; substantial bulldinc;
lot 25x75.
QQQfIO CALIFOKNIA-ST. COTTAGE, NK.
'- '" l/vf • 3d ave.: 6 rooms and bath; In a rap-
idly Improving neighborhood.
pLEMENTINAST.. X R. 4TH.J TENEMENTS;
\J rents $47; lot 25x80; only $3500.
StQHOO DUPONT ST.. NR. LOMBARD:
•rt>ww. contains 8 rooms and bath; lot 33:9x j
9 FLATS AND LOT: 9TH AVK., NR. CALI-
— • fornla st. : rented and paving large income; I
10. 25x120: price $3000.
4 FLATS; DE LONG AVE., OVERLOOKING i
T Golden Gate Park: ren. 8 $46: price only $4000. I
''59700 HARHISON, NR. 131 H; STORE
<P-^ I W. and flat; re.its $20; lot 25x80.
©9~nn COLLINGWOOD. NEAR 20TH: I
V — O\J\J. 27:6x100: contains 5 rooms and I
bath; large basement.
&9ROO ARMY, NEAR DOLORES: COT-
(Q — L'W. tage, 5 rooms and bath; lot 25x114.
UNIMPROVED PKOWSBTT.
Corner California and locust: 87:6x107:7.
|»600— Page St.', near Baker: 75x137 A
$: BOO— I'm.- su. cor. I.yo . ; 31:3x80.
$'JO5O-Rldley. near Scott; 25x117:6.
iltfUO— zst . nr. 16th: 25x100.
$1100-2.1 ave., nr. Point Lobos: 25x120.
$1000— A st., near 14th ave.-. 85x144.
$1300— 2d nve., near California st.: 25x120.
$1000— Hancock, near Sanchez; 25x114.
S7oo— I oyce st., nr. Point Lobos: 25x120.
Madison a burke. 626 Market st.
A. H. Lissak. O. F. Von keiix,
OF. VON RHBIK & CO.. KEALESTATK
. Agents. Auctioneers and ousts Brokers, 513
California street.
. $i!0,000— Second and Minna: 44x77:6 L; |
2 stores, upper flat and rear house: rents $117 50. '
SIB.OOU— Hayes, ntar Kin more; 35xi37:6; 3 flue
flats, each 8 rooms and bath; rents »iui.
$10,000— Corner Laguna and Fulton: 50x110: 2- •
St«ry house: butcher-shOD arid flats: rent- $65 50.
$90Lio— Halght, near bteiner: 25x112:6: 2 flats.
13 rooms and bams: tits $57 50.
S76OJ— < app. Dear 15th: 35x75; 4 new flats; 18 |
rooms and 4 imtlis; rens $69.
$7200— Hayes, near Steiner: 25x52:6; 2 new ■
flats; r^uts $52 f>o.
$7 (.oo— Oat. near Webster; 25x87:6; 2 flats: 11 !
rcoms and 2 baths: rents $50.
$6300— Green si., nr. Montgomery ave-; 22 J.lx
68:9; 3 ha.-window flats; 17 rooms and baths;
ren s $57 50.
$6000— Union, near Dupont; 23x68:9; 2-story •
house; 8 tenements; rents *52.
«5500-(Jreeu, near Powell; 37:6x90; 2 3-story !
hor.-i 15 roams and bath: rent $46. " j
$4000— Wisliinpton. near i'o veil; 20x67:6; 3- ''
story residence: 10 rooms and 2 ba:hs: 2 flats: I
rent $40. |
$4500— Julian ave.. bet. 14th and 15th; »9:10.x
94: 4 fl:i s: rents $42. '
$4500— 215t, near Guerrero; 25x114; flats: '
rents $39.
$4000— Kearny, near Green: 20x80 to Sonora; 4
flats. 15 rooms, with stable: rents $39.
P 3600 -L*a ve.-i worth St., nearValiejo: 20x68:6;
3 flats; 11 rooms and baths; rents 533.
$3600— Tehamast., near 4th; 25x80; front and
rear bouses; 6 flats: ren $53.
$3300— Union at., near Mason: 2 flats: rents $40. j
$310J— Stanyan, near Grattnn: 80 feet bv Irreg- j
ular depth; par lally occupied by house; 5 rooms i
and bith: rent $16.
♦2900— Jersey, near Diamond; 26x114: 2-story I
h r use; '1 flats: 9 rooms and bath: rents $25.
*2750— *4tb. near Diamond: 26x114; new cot- J
tage: 5 rooms and hath.
$2500— Krle st, near Mission; 2-story house: 7
rooms and bath: 25x85: r<ntslB.
$2100— Valley st., near Church; 27x114:6; 3
flats; rents $16 50.
UNIMPROVED.
Valencia, near 26th-at. railroad station: 61x
117:6 to an alley. .
Corner N and Bth ave.. South S. F.; 100x100.
Fair Oaks and 25th: 30x100.
30x70; Jessie St., between 13th and 14th.
26x 65; Stevenson, near 14th; 4 lots.
25x95; 4 iota; -^6th and York.
$7500— McAllister, near F.llmore; 40x137:6.
30x120; 5 lots; Precita and California aves.; ;
near Folsom st.
$4100— Ninth, near Folsora: 25x100.
$4000— Pollc and Union: 27x67; make offer.
$2250— Union, near Stelner; 28:4x100.
$■.•••()()— Hancock St.. near Sanchez: 50x114.
$1200— Cor. B and 25tn ave.: 60x184.
JOHN PFORr, 328 MONTGOMERY ST., OPP.
O Safe Deposit, offers for sale:
Fine corner on Seuart and Howard ets.; 45:10x !
•5:10; rent ?5 per month.
$16.500— Ren $130: McAllister St., business ;
ponton; 3- story house; stoiei and flats of 7 rooms !
ainlbatu; 35x110. .
000— Must be sold: '.-story double-flat bouse: f
9th si., near Mission; can h-> m ide into stores.
(6200 — Business property: line 3-story bay-win-
dow house, store, aDd 2 flats of 5 and 6 rooms
upstairs: on Geary st . near steiner: rent $47 50.
$32,000— Kddy st , near Mason; store and lodg-
mi;; 26x137:6; rent $160
$37,000— Business property; stores and flats;
paying $300 per month.
DWELLINGS.
$80 o— Pacific ave.. near Octavia st.; modern
built house: aeooJbuy.
$16,5J0— Post St., near Devlsadero; 7 houses; <
large lot; rent $128; m;ke offer.
.Thsou— 4 tine flats, v^ b ocks N. of Market St.; [
on Illmore st., and lot 48x81 :6; rent $70.
$6000— An Kaat'ake nice 2-story house on Treat
ave., opposite Garfleld square; large lot, 49x112:6
to street in rear. '<-» ••=■-,? :•
$4500— bay-window house, 1 block from
Market St.: lot 25x110: rent $55.
$4500— Castro st., near 16th: 2-story modern
built b-room holism : :o- 25x1u0. f< ■.%, ..... ■
$6500— Kent $60: 2 double flats on Geary sU In-
side or Baker: lot 28x125.
$1300— House and lot, 2 blocks south Of Pan-
handle. Park; 25x80: a bargain.
$7500— Fine modern residence on Page st., ne»r I
entrance to Panhandle, park: lot 27x137:6.
$6500— Not. Hill residence; modern built and i
arranged; half block from Hopkins Art Institute. !
$10.0 JO— sixth St.: substantial 3-story house;
12 rooms; bath; brick loundatlon; lot 25x160.
$3000— Seventh St., near Bmunan; lot 25x75,
with Improvements: renting at $3W.
UNIMPROVED.
$1600— Corner 23d ave. and A St.; 63:4x100.
$3100— Fine corner lot on Flllmore st.
8800— Noe st.. near Thirtieth; lot 36:6x76.
IVAKK UP!
»» THE TIME 18 SHORT.
Only a few more of these $450 lots left; to see
them is to buy then-.: It's an opportunity which
may never com* again. .'-...;
$6 A MONTH.
$450— LOTS IN THE HI.YMAS TRACT— S46O
$5 A MONTH.
Lots are 26>118; perfectly level and ready to
build on; stm«ted only half a block from 22d-st.
cars and 8 blocks from Castro-st. cars; as easy to
&et to as a r^t'lenceon Nob Hill; commanding a
magnificent ■ »*; in an excellent neighborhood,
with good iwhools and stores close at hand.
Taxe 22d-sU cars to Hoffman ave., ask for James
A. Co.ter, who will show yon around.
JACOB UK Y MAN. Owner,
1 1 Montgomery st.
A BARGAIN.
New 5-room and bath cottage; all modern; built
1 year; 1 block to electric-cars: must be sold on
account of owner's departure for the East; only
$250 down, balance easy monthly payments.
JACOB HKYMAN,
11 Montgomery st.
A FEW BARGAINS. '
o:^7^o VALENCIA, NR. 22D; BEST
*u)OtO\J. part: flats and cottage; all In finest
condition; good lot.
%3000 ONLY, FOR A BUSINESS CORNER
f^OK/\jyt on Folsom St.; store und flat of 6
rooms and bath; 26x70.
PACIFIC HEIGHTS: MARINE VIEW; BU-
i chanao; elegant bay-window modern home-
sacrifice; owner leaving town.
T ARGE PIECE ON PACIFIC, NR. TAYLOR-
J-J in lots to suit.
ft! Of\(\ NE. COH ' NOE AND DUNCAN-
<2)J-GUU. 56x114: given away at this price. '
$14 000 DRUMM BT -» NR MAR KET.
©1 1 X(\ MISSISSIPPI 1 : NEAR ELECTRIC
l iu\J. cars and Union Iron Works: finest
View.
W. H. CRIM A CO.. 118 Montgomery st.
"VTEW HOUSES JUST COMPLETED: SUNNY
XI side of Cole su, near Waller: 8 and 10 rooms-
large lots, 125 feet deep; street to bo bitumlnlzed'.
Apply premises
Gsl <\ 000 INCOME this Tjeae; WILL
t£)X*J.\JVJ\J exchange for clear property nea
Ban Francisco; 60 acres In Lane County, or.:
price $110,000: very best of Improvements; high
st»te of cultivation. A, M. sPECK <fc CO., 602
, Market »u
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 14, 1897.
CITY REAL ESTATE.
ALDW fN~ATHOW El£
(Successors to BALDWIN & HAMMOND),
dljl Q ,*|in CHOICE BUSINESS PROP-
«JP 1 O.')\'\J. erty; Taylor at., near Eddy; lot
26x60; 2 good flats; 6 and 7 rooms and bath; a
good buy; rent $80. |
NEW RICHMOND COTTAGE.
QJOQfin NICE NKW 6-ROOM BAY WIN-
«Ip*-01/v/. dow cottage: high basement and
bathroom: lot -'5x120: one-half cash; 4tn ave.,
near Clement st. _____ . ; r r : ."
810 INTKRKST.
©/l£nn GOOD BUSINESS CORNER IN
«]pTUUU. the Ml'ston 3-story building, con-
taining store an I four looms and bath: also 2 flats
above of 6 nnd 6 rooms and bath each; all rented;
total rent $62 50.
A BARGAIN.
®7Pif;n NEW FLATS; JUST FINISHED:
♦tP i *JO\J. sunny sid- of Paee St.; contain 6 and
7 rooms, etc., each: rent $67 50.
FACTORY KITE
QQHfin GREAT BARGAIN; PRYANT-ST.
tjVVJKJKJ. co re er, near sth; lot 76x76; 4-story
building, suitable for factory purposes.
•SMI f)(\ RENT $20: SHIPLEY ST., NEAR
C— ■ K'Kf. 7th; 2 good flats of 4 rooms each; lot
20x75.
fli^OO 2- TORY BAY-WINDOW REBI-
»JPO«;UU. dence: 6 large rooms and bath; lot
?6x137:6; Golden Gate ave , nr. Lott s'.
TWO NEW COTTAGEa
$2300 AND $^760.
UP-TO-DATK BaY-WINDOW COTTAGES: 4
vJ and ft large rooms; tiled sinks: handsome man-
tels and all conveniences;, your own terms; see
them at once; Dolores St., bet. 26. h and 27th.
SHQ9Pin RENT $37: NEAR 7TH AND FOl/-
<4P<->4.O\J. somsts.: 3 tenements; lot 26x80.
VERY CHEAP LOTS.
ffl»nr.n mcali isiep. st., NR. istavf. :
tJPiMU. 2tx137:8.
ffl» 1 Af\f\ RIDLEY ST., NR. DEVISADERO:
1-iUU. tire 1'6:2xl 14.
ii7f\oC\ MORTGAGE OF $5000 CAN
«ip I o\l\J. stand; must be sold; Hayes St.. bet.
Lyon at.d Lott; 3 handsome bay-window flats of 6,
7 and 8 roorrn and bath each; lor 25x137:6; rent-
ed low for $63.
ft7nnn clay ST., BUT. BUCHANAN
I v.i\'\j. a. d Webster; splendid 12-room resi-
aence; billiard-ioom, etc; lot 27:6x103.
4J«97^n RENT $35: IT-STORY RESIDENCE
«£>«- I <J\J. of 7 rooms and 2 flats of 4 rooms
each; corner lot; 83:4x100; Sierra and Vermont.
PROBATE SALE.
t')7',n CORNER LOT, 25x106:3: HAYES
t£)_. • *J\J. and Clayton sts ; ot adjoining on
Clayton, 25x106:3, price $l»00 only.
MUST UK SOLD.
Ql 1 000 MCALLISTER ST., BETWEEN
w -I S.\J\J\J. Pierce a;d Scott: 4 modern flats
of 6 and 7 rooms, bath, etc., each; lot 60x100;
rent $1440 per annum.
A CHEAP BUSINESS LOT.
©OqrjA POINT LUBOS AVF., BET. 3D
ig!±.O\J\J. and4th; 30x101); N. side.
SsiftOOO HANDSOME 2-STORY REBI-
'- HJ.\J\J\/. deuce on Clay st., nearGough- lot
55x130; a great bargain.
Baldwin a HOWKLL,
10 Montgomery St.
TAKE A PLEASANT
V RIDK ON THE CARS TO-DAY,
And see the Castro-st. Addition; note the many
buildings In course of erection: see how others are
ootaiuin; their own homes: nearly 150 lots have
been so.d; rices $300 to $400; terms *5 monthly;,
streets adeil ewered and macadamized.
Take Mission or Valencia st. curs, trai sfer at
14in to electric road: transfer again to 3otn st..
and ride 5 minutes to the corner of I astro and
Chenery sts. Agent on the ground Sundavs. Call
a our ofiice or on K. M. LONG, 8:21)7 21:d St., cor.
Mission. BALDWIN & HOWELL,
10 Montgomery st.
pARK Lots. " ~
X $225.
$25 CASH.
*.O MONTHLY.
We hive just subdivided the block bounded by
10th and 11th aves., N and <•«:*.: price?, $225
each fir inside lots and $350 for corners : terms,
$-'6 ( mii, $10 inont:.y; title perfect: near the
Affiliated Colleges; Dound to advance in value;
buy a lot aud put aside $10 a month: It will ray
you well. BALDWiN <t HOWKLL.
10 Montgomery st.
rpo INDUCE YOU TO BUY.
Beautiful lo:s; 25x100; half a block from Mis-
sion st. and e ectrlc car«: Spring Valley water:
street wok done: *350: *5 monthly payments.
A MODERN 7-KOOM UDUSE-Jost Finished.
$17tO; pan cash: street work done; let 25x100.
To visit ihis property take Ml>slon-st. cars to
China ave. to my branch office. 4438 Mission st.
Open to-day. OKO. a. I'URXi-R,
'.>".„'. . 26 Montgomery st.
IN Y HOMES; $500 CASH; 2-STORY: 7
toorus: hath; gas: modern: plastered; base-
meat; $3600; open daily. Geary St., near cook.
rpHREE NEW MODERN' FLATS.
BIG BARGAIN.
PRICE $5760.
RENTS $636 PEK YEAR.
Flats contain 5. 5 and six rooms and bath each,
with every known modern convenience contained
In a new building; street bltumlulzed; cement
sidewalk: hign separate basement for tachUat;
lot 25x105: only one blocic north of Markets;.;
fiats open for Inspection to-day; 176 Noo St., bet.
14th and 15m.
KING <& McNALLY, Real Estate Agents,
(550 Market st.
SOL GETZ <fe BROTH KR,
UKAI ESTATE OWNERS,
Room A, First Floor, Crocker Building.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS.
LOW PRICES. GREAT BARGAINS.
rriAKE ADVANTAGE OF OUR JUDICIOUS
1 purchases, get a lot cheaper than you over will
again.
C- j (If) $150 TO $300: BUILDING LOTS:
<Wi-\J\J. no grading; near >ilsslon-su and Ban
Muteo electric car lines; only $5 monthly.
<_7= $100. $150 TO$B00; CHOICEST LOTS
O li). south of the park; near Affiliated Col-
leges, new' mnslc stand and boulevard; only $5
and $10 monthly Installments.
ffl-OXA TO $1100. RICHMOND LOTS; WE
«Jp_.»JU can positively aui. you In location, price
and terms.
Cation us first before purchasing; get map and
diagrams.
BOL. GETZ A BROTHER,
Room A, first floor, Crocker building.
SEE NEW 7 ROOM HOUSE, 35 JOOBT AVE.,
Sunny side Tract; easy terms.
CC. BEMIS,
. REAL ESTATE AND LAND AGENT,
324 MONTGOMERY BT.
FOR HALE.
Choice bnlldinglot on Army and 27th sis.; close
to electric road.
$460— Carlo* Villa lot; 100x150 feet.
$6700— 50x127:6 feet on Jackson St.. overlook-
Ins the Presidio and bay.
$6000—2 modern houses of 8 rooms each at
park: 26x187:6 feet; electric roaa passes houses;
make offer.
. 8500— Elegant SW. corner of Cole and Carl sts.
$300— Choice building lots north of park.
Bargain— SW. cor. Fifth av. and C st. : 109x95 ft.
Al INVESTMENT— F_ATS JUST BE-
Ing completed on Fulton at., near Lyon: ex-
amine them and be convinced: bouse open to-day.
DAN EINSTEIN, owner and builder, 630 Mar-
ket st. ;". »V
CMnnn FOR sale or exchange.
iJ'IUuU. New cottage on 23d ave. East Oak-
land; 6 rooms and bath: high basement; brick
loundation; bay windows; lot 62x160. *
U. H. UMBSEN A CO..
14 Montgomery st.
PROPERTY WANTED.
WANTED— 40 ACRES OF LAND SUITABLE
tor a poultry ranch; state full particulars con-
cerning location, price, terms of payment, etc.
Addrets <>. L. FRLIoINN, corner of Jackson and
B rode rick su
CUQnnn 480-ACKE OiIAIN FARM, ALA-
«SOUUU. meda County; 200 acres already
planted; good improvements; exchange In part
for city property or . rooming-house. I. C.
SCHaRFF. 20 Montgomery st.
OUSE oi" 2 OH 8 FLATS; MUST BE
modern throughout and centrally located. Ad-
dress B. L.. box 30, tuts office.
PROPERTY TO EXCHANGE.
HOUSES AND Lbfs7"FROM 200 TO
OU $28,000: 100 ranches, where.
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market St., opp. Fifth.
<Si 1 Ann EQUITY EXCHANGE; MODERN
<Jp I \jy'\J. co tags In Berkeley for vacant lots-
Richmond preferred. P. S., box 43, Call Office.
LOR SALE OR EXCHANGE— 2 FINE LOTS;
£ West Berkeley: a sacrifice. L., box 148, Call.
END FOKOL'K LIST OK ORCHARD HOME*
►5 for sale. WOOSTKIt A WHITTOX. Wan Jose.
TO EXCHANGE.
CIGAR AND NEWSPAPER STORE ON MAR-
\J ket sU: also 4 Tacoma lots, cheap; $2000; one-
third cash, balance trade. ROBINSON, 22»A
Geary st . .
PROFESSIONAL CARDS.
JOHN K.RICHARDS, LAW OFFICES. ROOM*
O 26 and 27, Crocker b_UOUi«; t*iepaon« Main
'<5. Han Francisco, CaL ,
JOHN K. AITKKN AND MAURICE L. ASHER
O auya at law. ima 610,610, 6UI ttoor.Parroiißldi
CITY REAL ESTATE.
WESTERN ADDITION FLATS.
" CHOICE LOCATION.
QIQOOO TWO HANDiOMK FLATS OF 6
O\J\'\J. and 7 rooms and bath near California
and Devisadero sts.: sonny side: street work
done; cement sidewalks, etc.; rents $87 SO; mort-
gage of $4000 can remain.
BAbTOlf, KLDRIDGE A CO.,
688 Market st.
VINE HOME. ~ T " ~~ ~
r WESTERN' ADDITION
<3!^PiOO NEARTURK AN DDKVISADERo
i£tjO\J\J, sts.; good house of 8 rooms and bath:
well built; street worn done; large lot 27; x137:6
f«et. EASTON, ELDRIDGK <fe CO.,
638 Market st.
nOKNER ON S2D BT. ~~ :
\J NEW AND MODERN.
<W!Pvfinn G° OD BUSINESS LOCATION:
C vUUU. store and 4 rooms and flat of 5 rooms
and bath: rents $45 per month.
EASTON, KLDRIDGE * CO
638 MarxetsU
A SACRIFICE. ~.
A. WESTERN ADDITION FLATS.
£• Qfinn GOLDEN GATE AVK., NR. SCOTT
«JrOUUl'. st.-. 2 line modern flats of 6 and 7
rooms: bath and basement: good condition; cost
over $7000 to bul d; lot 27:6x110 feet.
EASTON, ELDRIIMJE 4 CO.,
b3B Market st.
MISSION FLATa
GOOD BUSINESS LOCATION.
<J.r-| ;rn, TWENTY-FOURTH ST., NR. FOL-
•ii I'ltJv, 8oni: 2 stores and room- in rear a: d
flat of 6 rooms aid bath; rents $45 per month;
lot 25x75 feet; mortgage of $3300.
KASTON, ELDRIDGE A CO.,
638 Market st
A SNAP.
FOR BUILDING.
SO Add FOUR FINE LOTS NEAR SAN-
«fl> Z. L i\J\J. chez and 23d sts.: level and ready
for building; 101 :luxll4 feet: just right to bui.d
cottages and sell readily.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE A CO..
638 Market St.
COZY MISSION HOME
ON EASY TERMS",
CU9OO CASH, BALANCE $16 PER MONTH;
t!^_l'l7. cottage of 4 rooms and bath in the
Fairmount Tract; lot -sxoo feet; hall a block from
the electric cars.
KASTON, ELDRIDOE 4 CO..
638 M rket st.
CHOICE LIST OF ~
\J DESIRABLE LOTS
FOR BUILDING OR SPECULATION.
$4000— Flue corner on Church su, 88x80: street
sewered and macadamized.
$3.oo— Block 893. Outside Lands, 240x600.
$2760— Lasrunast,, near Halgnt; 25x87:6.
Twenty-fourth St., near Folsom; S7:6x
100; must be sold; this is a barfrxtn.
$2500- su, near Union: 27:6x126:9.
$2300— tolsom st., near Fourteenth: 26x122:6.
$1750— Mil' teen h St., near Church; 60x104.
$1600— Elxutetnthsu, near Douglas; 5t.x121.
$1250— Point Lot os ave., near .Ninth; 25x100.
$600— J St., cor. Twe ty-seventhavK. ; 82:6x100.
$300— T St. and Forty-sixth ave.; 57:6x100.
KASTON, KLDRIDGE <fc CO..
633 Market st.
COUNTRY REAL ESTATE.
GH. UMBSKN A CO.
. DAVID BUSH, Manager Country Dept.
14 MONTGOMERY ST.
Q>Q PER ACRE WILL BUY A GOOD GRAIN
CO and stocK ranch of about 650 acres, with im-
proremms; about 12 miles from 1 led wood city.
San Mateo Count* ; this is less than the assessed
value; will exchange.
L'UK SALK, ltr.NT oil EXCHANGE — 527
r acr<s at Bav Point station. Contra Costa Coun-
ty, one of the beat grain, stock and dairy ranches
in the State; $12,0U0.
ACA per acre— -glen HIVE ranch 11 ;
n)O ' 4-1 acres pood grain land near lejo;
; *4 of a mile frontage on tidewater, with wharf and
warehouse: opposite l'or. Costa: fine Improve-
ments; a profitable income place. -
<*-. Ill) " Nl 1' IHK Bh-ST RANCHES IN
<JPOI>UW. Ygnacla Valley, Contra < osta Coun-
ty, of 100 acres deep level loam soli; 30 acres In
orchard, balance all In grain, with fine new hard-
flnlshpd house, 8 rooms and bath; fine Improve-
ments.
MKNLO I'Al'.K -ONE OF THE CHOICEST
villa sites al .Menlo I'nric; 12 acres; adjoins
ti.e Flood property; 1 rice on application.
ll. h a> KK rOK 400 ACRES GOOD
•_ •' grain land near Lock ford, San Joaquin
County: 160 acres now In grain; bouse, barn and
outbuildings; sold to close an estate.
({> I X PER ACRK — 610 ACR.IS 10 MILES
0 ' ♦* from Sacramento, on Marysvlile roal:
cool grain, orciiard and pasture land: 9 room
hard-finished house and outbuildings: family or-
< hard including 32 oranee trees, in bearing; will
Mil on easy terms or exchange for &au Francisco
property.
WOLF.-KH.L TRACT.
ON PUTAU CBKI K, SOLANO COUNTY, I
near the town ui Winters: the earliest fruit and 1
v<-getabie laud in the mu e; we are s.'lllng 20 to
60 acre tracts of this celebrated ranch for *30 per
adre. -quarter cash, balance In 8 annu..l 1 av-
ments, at 6 per cent interest; send for descriptive
circular.
CTANFORD ESTATE LANDS
FOR SALE
BY MCAFEE BROTHERS,
REAL, ESTATE BROKERS
AND FINANCIAL AGENTS
108 MONTGOMERY STREET.
TIEDLANDS. SAN BERNARDINO COUNTY,
i-X, the famous orange belt — Th« property known
as ttie "Mlilman Ranch." within the town
limits of Redlands and only one mile
from the business center: surrounded
by the bcautilul orange groves and resi-
dence* for which that place is well-known. The
property is plained 16 acres in apricots and
peaches, 150 acres in grapes, and also oranges, al-
falfa abd grain: only a few hundred feet from two
railroads: winery and everything necessary fur
wine making; all under irrigation. I his property
can be subdivided into town lots or acre lots: total
acreage aB2^ acres.
SAN LUIS OBISPO COUNTY— THE PROP-
erty known as the ' "McCoppln Tract,"
containing 320 acres; two miles from
the town of San Luis Obl»po; planted
in barley and hay: rich black soil; farm-
house, barn and oilier out-houses suitable for
fruits and vegetables: picturesque locality and
fine climate. San Luis Oblspo Is on the coast line
of railroad which will soon be completed through
10 Los Angeles ana be the choice scenic overland
route.
TEHAMA COUNTY— PROPERTY KNOWN
A as the "Copola-id Ranch," containing VOOO
acre--, adjoining the Vina vineyard, now belonging
to Stanford University. The Copeland ranch was
used by Governor Stanford as a horse farm, and
• very ap|l!an<e for raising and training horses
exists i;.eie, including barns, paddocks, training
tracks and kindergarten, etc, with good duellings,
men's quarters, etc.; the soil Is rich black rlv.-r
bottom, covered with fine oaKs: the Sacramento
River forms the western border and Is navigated to
th 8 ranch bv steamboats: abundant water for Irri-
gation from Deer Creek is distributed all over the
land; t hi* selection of this tract by Governor Stan-
ford warrants its excellence as. a horse farm.
mEHAMA COUNTY— PROPERTY KNOWN
i- as the "Sharer I ract." containing 240 acres,
on Uier Creek, about one mile from Copeland
ranch: partially planted In assorted fruits and
vineyard: all under Irrigation; farmhouse and
stable, and all fenced.
MoAFKE BROTHERS,
108 Montgomery st.
rpHE PROBLEM SOLVED.
PROFITABLE FARMINU.
CHEAP TRANSPORTATION. '■
' ONLY 20 MILES FROM STOCKTON.
HEALTHFUL CLIMATE.
DELIGHTFUL HOMES.
GOOD CROPS, WITH OR WITHOUT IRRI-
GATION.
1280 acres on San Joaquln Valley Railroad, near
Kscalon, San Joaquin County, Cal.; under Stanis-
laus canal; level and fertile; suitable to alfalfa,
sugar-beets, grain, fruit (including oranges), vege-
table*, etc. _____
SUBDIVISIONS OF 10 ACRES OR MORE.
PRICE $36 PER ACRE AND UPWARD.
For further particulars address
MCAFEE BHOTHKRM,
Real Fsiate Broker* and Financial Agents,
, 108 Montgomery St., San Francisco.
C*QfiO P-R ACRE: 6 AND 10 ACRE LOTS
i®G\J\J in the town of Santa Clara; mostly full
hearing vineyard, witn some orchard: city water;
lights and streetcars.
CjQpnn 17 ACRES UNIMPROVED LAND,
ijpAO\J\r. near San Jose: will exchange for cot-
tage or good vacant lots in Oakland or Alameda.
BEAUTIFUL RESIDENCE IN THE THIRD
J> ward In Ban Joie; will exchange for San Fran-
cisco property. ■
BUAINWALD. BUCKBEE&CO.,
218-220 Montgomery st., Mills Building.
ACA VALLEY FRUIT LANDS.
' ON THE CKLEBRAIED POTAH CREEK
NEAR WINTERS. YOLO COUNTY.
Five, 10 and 'JO acre tract* on : easy terms. This
locality has an International reputation for its
early fruits, deep, rich, loamy soil: will grow all
all varieties of fruits and vegetables; no irrigation
required. EASTON. ELDKIDGK A CO.,
638 Market st.
A LFALFA LANDS TO LEASE
J\. _ _ •
i or a term of years; level, fertile loam, under
canal; near Esealon, San Joaquin County, Cal.. by
MCAFEE BROTHERS.
108 Montgomery street, San Francisco, CaL
OR SALE— I2OO ACRES GRAIN AND FRUIT
land; fencea ■ and Improved. Inquire S. A.
1 TON, Williams, Cal. '•
SAN RAFAEL— TO LEASE, COTTAGE OF 7
rooms, bath, stable, fruit trees, etc. ; reasonable
rent to good tenant. R J. THUiiBULL, 419 tan-
some sU .
COUNTRY REAL ESTATE— Continued.
WANTED— TO KXCHANOE OR SELL A
»' ranch in Sonoma County for a city, Oakland
or >ai: -a.i o property. - Apply 1318 Larkln it.
OR BALE— SUGARPINE TIMBER LAND;
160 acres, at Sl'i 60; worth $20 per acre. Tim-
ber, box 93, Call Office.
SEND FOR ILLUSTRATED PAMPHLET OF
California lands for sale ov H. FRANCIS,
rooms 69-71 .Chronicle building, Sr-an Francisco. Cal.
RANCH BARGAIN: $5 PER ACRE; 1280
acres timber; plenty water: excellent stock
ranch; best part of Kern Co. it., box 20, Call Ottlce.
LITTLE HOMES CLOSE TO TOWN; IM-
■Li proved; easy terms; also 4 to 12 acre pieces
on 8 and 1 ■ year.-.' credit. D. H. TWING, So-
noma City: every Monday at 632 Market at., S. F.
SUBURBAN REAL ESTATE.
LTA PUNTA TRACT; OEM OF THE BAY
s\ District; 425 acres: subdivided; 3 miles north
of Berkeley 8 from Oakland; 47 minutes from
San Francisco; lots SOx-'OU. from $100 to $200:
installment*: send lor a map. GEORGE W.
HAIGHT, 220 Sansome St.. S. K.
MONEY TO LOAN.
A LOANS ON FURNITURE OR PIANOS.
. In S. F., Oakland or Alameda. at lowest rates:
without removal: no 1 om missions: no delays.
J. NOON AN, 1017 to 1023 Mission at, above Sixth.
telephone Jessie 41. --J-'ji ■
ft 300 f\nn AT 61 6 PKR cent ON city
<IPOVU .\J\J\J real estate: also Oakland ;estates,
life Insurance, second mortgages, any sum. Man-
halt an Loan Co., 10 Mil s building, ground floor.
HIGHLY RESPECTABLE AND PRIVATE
place to obtain the most liberal advances on
diamonds and Jewelry at the very lowest rates.
Baldwin Jewelry Store, 948 Market.
ANY AMOUNT: IST, 2D;OR 3D MORTGAGES,
estates, undivided interests, real estate In pro-
bale; furniture and pianos without removal.
McCOLGAN, 24 Montgomery su. room 3.
—PRIVATK AND RESPECTABLE, WITH
very light Interest, Is the secret of our noccess.
Cut-rate Loan Office, Flood building, ?-09 Market.
ffl«'J»>X ,)|i|)Al .HANK KATKS: IST AND
<S)U£iU.\}\J\J :>d mortgages, estates, rents, eta:
lend as low as $50. H. MURPHY, 628 Market st.
\\rilY PAY HIGH INT. ON irMALL LOANS?
'" We loan at 55c Interest per mo. on each $100
on 2d mortgage: any security. Gold, box 4, Call.
riN FURNITURE; VERY LOW INTEREST;
\J no commission. SCRIBNER, 7 City Hall ave.
'00,000 ON CITY AND COUNTRY PROP-
«Jerty ; low rates. A. SCIICLLER, 420 Cala. St.
I OAXs ON REAL ESTATE: LOWEST RATE
1 J of Interest. JAS.B.BIOOKS, 214 Pine, r 58-69.
MONEY TO LOAN ON KEAL ESTATE: AN
amount. WILLIAMS, 214 Pine st., room 3.
fl»?;n TO $50. 000; LOWEST KATE: IST «fe 2D
(S>O\J mortgage: flat or lnstlmnt. Dry den, 685 Cal.
« DVANCE3 ON DIAMONDS. JEW K_RY,KTO
-r\ Columbia Loan & collateral Offlcp. 9 (.raittava.
FINANCIAL.
TTTANTED— $25,000 ON FIRST MORTGAGE;
'* paylrg vineyard; principals only. M., 143, Call
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— oO3 BROADWAY.
-.-. OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
Q9flon cozy COTTAGE of 5 large
<S)~\>\J\'. rooms, hall, bath, bay-windows, etc.;
lot 40x128; fine barn; gravel driveway; stone
walks and shrubbery : street work complete: near
cars and trains; Improvements alone cost more
than this price. HUGH M. CAMERON, 479
Ninth St., Oakland.
©I QfiO COTTAGK OF 4 ROOMS AND 4
*$ I OUU. lots (50x232 in all): near High st.,
lrultvale. HUGH M. CAMERON, 479 Ninth St.,
Oakland.
(JJJO7XA DOUBLE-FLAT BUILDINO OF 10
«Jp^. I O\J . rooms; on a ' main street; only 4
blocks from broad way ; will rent for $:■!') per
month- social bHrgain as an Investment. HUGH
M. CAMERON, 479 Nlnt«i st., Oaklaud.
dh I - PER MONTH, $200 CASH DOWN,
V i •■> buys a new cottage of 5 rooms on lo: 60x
100 in North Oakland. HUGH M. CAMERON,
479 Ninth St.. Oakland.
Q9XAA OX MONTHLY PAYMENTS: COT-
» u _«)l»V ta;e of 5 rooms and bath; centrally
located, near rove st. ..UGH M. CAMERON,
479 .Ninth St., Oakland.
C« 1 Q(\ WILL BUY A GOOD BUILDING LOT
fiPicJU 40x132 feet one b'ock from Grove St.;
electric road within walking distance of Dv^lght-
way station. In Berkeley. HUGH M. CAMERON,
479 Ninth st, Oakland.
CHKAP OAKLAND PROPERTY— S3SOO —
\J Large cottage; 55x120: Adeline st, nr. Tenth.
$22 60 per foot— 7 beautiful building lots; :s7x
150 each; Prospect St., near Telegraph ave.; fine
residence adjoining.'
¥1750— Modern cottage; Adeline st., near Four-
teenth: worth $2500.
$12 60 pr foot— Fins lots on Piedmont cable
road; half their value.
$2600— Moderii co ta?e with large lot to ex-
change for larger place near local road.
WILLIAM J. DINGEE,
460 Eighth St., Oakland.
S97Cfk THE FINEST FRUrT RANCH OF
— I OV. 40 acres In Napa Valley, house 7
rooms, barn, etc., adjoins town, cost $5500: also
16W| acres, bouse 4 rooms, barn, etc.. at St.
Helena, price $1800, very cheap, income $400 last
year. ALDEN-GARFIKLD Co.. 90:i 1 ruadw.y.
CO7CA XtW MODERN HOUSE AND
•in— J • til.', lot; 8 rooms; well located: for sale;
$30 month, nothing down. ALDEN-GARFIELD
CO., 902 Broadway.
A(\ ACRES; HALF MILE FR"M DEPOT,
11" Napa County: nice house, orchard, vine-
yard: $2500: great bargain. C. KT KING. 90J
Hroadway, Oakland.
<r.or MONTH, NOTHING DOWN: 5-ROOM
t*T— .U modern cottage: lot 2hxl00: 89th st.,
Oakland. C. K KING, 902 Broadway, Oakland
e-BOOM COTTAGE; ADELINR STATION,
O Oakland: near local train: only $1250. See
C. K. KI G, 902 Broadway, Oakland.
7-ROOM HOUSE, LINDEN ST.: $700 CASH;'
• suhject to bank mor gage, $1600. C. K. KING,
902 Btoadwsy, Oakland.
IP AST OAKLAND: H/i ACRES; 8-ROOM
- house: very cheap; $3500. C K. KING, 90'J
Broadway, oaklani.
/"I RBATEST BARGAIN ON FKUIT VALE
vT avenue— Six acres cherry orchard and im-
provements: modern bou*e, twelve rooms, bath,
laundry, tank-house, stable, lawns, shubbery;
nearly 600 feet fronta .e; $6000 cash, balance easy
terms: improvements and less acreage nt propor-
tionate hKiire; no exchange. Address Owner, box
7, Call Office, Oakland.
WE HAVE FARMS FOR SALE, TAKEN ON
moruace at half the actual value. AYERS
* CO., 465 Ninth St., Oakland.
I AM AUIHORIZED TO BELL THE FOL-
lowing property owned by the banks, taken
under foreclosure:
1. Modern H-room house; No. 1 condition; 8
blocks to local station: neighborhood first c.ass:
lot 44x100; property cost tne late owner $4500;
can now be bought for $2800; terms $000 to $800
cash.
2. Firs-class 6-room modern house; large lot;
3 blocks to local stHtlon: 1 block to cars, stores.
chur. and schools: street work complete; suon
will be business property; lot worth $1800: price
$2500; $500 cash.
3. Cottage, 5 rooms; bath; newly papered and
painted; 1 block to local station and electric-cars;
price $1500; $200 to $400 cash.
4. Hgb class reMdence property on Harrison
si. ; corner lot, 78x150: niider > house, 10 rooms;
furnace; best residence portion of the city;. this
property was sold 2 years ago for $20,000; can be
bought to-day fur the mortgage— slo,ooo.
We have a number if other properties Improved
and unimproved ■ for sale under forced circum-
stances. We will gladly furnish a full list on ap-
plication. . '
J. a MYERS, 1003 Broadway, Oakland.
BARGAINS IN - BEAUTIFUL FRUITVALE.
$950— New cottage of 4 large rooms: hard-fin-
ished; 2 close; s and pantry: 7-foot basement;
large chicken-bouse: fine well and pump; lot 81x
108; fenced.
q I f\(\l\ MUST be sold; house OF 5
«3J)IUUU. rooms and bath: lot 60x135; $100
cash, balance to suit purshaser.
(jj. 1 *)Z.l\ MODERN COTTAGE OF 5 ROOMS
»3r I— <•>''. and bath: fine mantel; high base-
ment; lot 50x145; fenced: only 1 block from Fruit-
vale avenue; terms if deslnd.
© I WOO NBW COTTAGE OF 6 ROOMS
«iniOUU. and bath; mantel; ■• basement and
attic: barn; Chicken-house; lot 35x125: sewerage
and cement sidewalks complete. H. A. PLEIT-
NER, Fruitvale Station.
OUR OWN 5-ROOM COTTAGE (MODERN)
and lo for 4950, payments to suit: fine lot for
$75, $5 cash, $5 monthly, adjoining East Oakland.
469 Ninth St., Oakland, H. Z. JONES, Owner.
■ Q7CTO' $153 FOR CHOICE BUILDING
up I O lots In the town of r'lichburg; a new sta-
tion established near Oakland, on the Haywards
and San Leandro local line, by the Southern Pacific
Company; only 45 minutes from fan Francisco
1 and 6 minutes from Oakland: electric-cars every
rw minutes; terms ito suit buyers. Apply to
C M. KL'NKLh, owner, toi6i/j Washington at.,
Oakland < al. • •
OAKLAND HOUSES TO LET.
FOR RENT— AN ELEGANT STORE, WITH
living rooms In rear, at Frultva'.e station; good
opportunity to open a bicycle renting and r* uair-
iuic shop or similar business; no opposition. H.A.
I'LKI tNEi., Fruit vale station.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS
A&AICIDA . I.i-AL KSTATB.,
SMALL CASH PAYMENT DOWN; BALANCE
O same as rent: entirely new.
82500- Pretty cottage; 5 rooms and bath; near
narrow-gauge station.
-$ 2800— Handsome colonial cottage; 6 rooms;
large lot; near Grand-street station. . v '
9-^9so— Beautiful cottage; colonial style; 6
rooms; conveniently located near Hay-street sta-
tion.
• . 3500— Nearly new; 2-story house: 8 rooms;
beautifully located: must be soli: terms as above:
lot 40x138. MARCUS & R MMK L. Bay -street
station, broad gauge, Alameda: 628 Market at.;
ban Francisco; office open Sundays ana holidays.
JJEAUTJFUL ALAMEDA— HOME-SEEKERS,
I » examine Damon's mot t»i cottages; 4,5 and 6
rroms; 81750. r 2050, $2250. 441 Central ave.,
near Second-ave. station. Office, 602 Market.
I, E AUTIFUL SUBURBAN HOME, SAN JOSH
I' ave.. near Grand St.: house, 10 rooms and
bath: 2 years od: price $7000: or will exchange
for San Francisco. JCASTUN, ELDRIDGK COM-
PANY, 638 Market st.
p RAND BARGAINS— S2SOO, COTTAGE HIX
Ur rooms, bath, Santa 1 lara ave., 65 feet front-
age, prospective business prODerty: 8-000, a
pretty cottage, 5 rooms and bath. 40x140, clrs- to
Chi siDiit-st. s.ation: 82260, cottage, 6 rooms .bath,
choice corner lot, between the two railroads: these
properties must be sold. Call or address W. 11.
DOWSING, 2020 Kncinal ave., Alameda.
(&C A FRONT FOOT: A SPECULATION: 600
«IP O feet of frontage: will make 20 2Vfoot lots;
adjoining property held at 81- a fton' foot; must
be sold; 3 blocks from Bay station, Alameda. W. |
B. FITCH. Baystat:on. Alameda or GAM AN &
LYON, 215 Kearny st., San Francisco.
ffln^A FRONT FOOT; 100x150; STREET
0 — "i work all done: on a main avenue: 'i blocks
from Willow-street station. W. B. FITCH, Bay
Station. Alameda. or GaMAN LY0N, 215 Kearny
St., San Fianciaco. :.„-.-
BARGAIN— 25 ACRESCnOICK FRUIT. HAY,
grain, winter vegetables, s26acre;' 83acresrich
sol:, 4 flowing spr'ts, 885 acre, all fenced, nr.J'leas-
anton, Alatueia Co. Call, write 69 Columbian bids.
1 j ARGAINS-SSO PKRFOOT;LOrs ON NORTH
I ) side San Antonio ave., near Grand st.
250— 60x150; sin Jos? ave., nr. Willow st.
$1750—60x150. new modern house. 5 rooms
and bath: north side of street: must be sold at
once.
Many other sacrifices.
AL«MEDA LAND CO..
1600 Park St., Alameda,
ALAMEDA HOUSES TO LET.
HOUSE OF 12 ROOMS, N. W. CORNER CEN-
tral ave. and Benton st : one block from Mor-
ton Station; an elegant residence: fin*, large
grounds; good location for family boarding. T. F.
BAIRD, 1303 Park st., Alameda.
"LI INK 2-STORY HOUSE, RECENTLY RENO-
X? vat- a ; 9 rooms. 2025 San Jose ave., Alameda.
Get oS at Chestnut-st. station. Apply by letter to
W. A. KEEFER, room 67, 14 Grant ave., 8. F.
ALAMEDA HOUSES FURNISHED.
To LET FURNISHED— HOUbE OF FROM 8
to 11 rooms: beautifully located; large grounds
with orchard; suitably arranged forprlvae board-
ing If desired: rent in part exchange for tattle
board. For further particulars address C. It,
Alameda, Cal. : ~ ; ".-
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE. .;
I^pOR^SALE OR EXCHANGE FOR LOTS OB
I: ranch; pretty 5-room cottage; modern Improve-
emnts; lot 45x110, barn, etc. : nice location; handy
to train and electric-car* Ad. box 113. Berkeley.
iiMthhLi.i UOITBKS.
L'tJRNISHED 8-ROOM HOUSE COMPLETE,
I bath, gas, laundry; near 3 car lines. ' MRS. S.
J. IN GALLS, 2122 Bancroft way. Berkeley.
MEDICAL.
ANt.W PROCESS; NO MEDICINE OR IX-
A. s.rnmeuts used; every woman her own physi-
cian: all female troubles, no matter what cause:
restores always In one day; can be sent and used
at home: travelers helped at once: be not dvce.ved
by self-praised advertiser 1: money refunded in
every case if a cure is not effected; if you want to
be treated suflyai.d surely call on a man physi-
cian with reliable knowledge. DR. POPPER, 318
Kearny st.
ASURK. SAFE AND SPEED CURE FOlt
all female diseases; ladies may have the bene-
fit of the skill and attention of a physician of long
and successful practice. A home in confinement
with best care, with trie privacy of a home and the
conveniences of a hospital. Those who are sick or
discouraged should call oa the doctor and slate their
case. All consultation tree and confidential.
MRS. DR. GW Y KB, 226 Turk it.
1 \R. J. H. JOSSELYN, THE GREAT SPECIAL-
XJ Ist, still offers his valuable services to the un-
fortunate. With a mind matured and enriched by
studies of an advanced order, there is hardly •
disease In the catalogue of human Ills he cannot
treat to a perfect cure. Ladies, he is always ready
to assist you. -His knowledge has been strength-
ened by extensive experience. No case peculiar
to your dellctte organism is beyond his sure con*
trol. His female montnly remedies are sure and
safe In their effects. His tried and valuable reme-
dies for lost manhood are never-falling in their
action, and are warranted lor both young and old.
He excels all others !•> cure of private diseases.
Over 50 -ears of practice enables him to warrant
a cure in all cases. Consultation parlors. 906
Market st. Call or write direct to 906 Market st.,
rooms 11 and 12.
A LL CASE-. OF MONTHLY SUPPRESSION
A. (from whatever cause) restored In a few
hours: safe and sure at any time; Instant relief for
travelers; home In confinement; best care and
privacy: regular physician; 30 years' successful
practice: my celebrated remedies for monthly
suppression never fail: medical electricity for all
fern a complaints: every case guaranteed: con-
sultation fr<e, confidential: hours 10 to 6: pills 81.
MRS. DR. WYETII, 916 Post st., near Larkin.
A PROCESS THAT IS PERFECTLY HARM-
less; never fails In any case of monthly sick-
ness, no motter what cause; no electricity hum-
bug or other dangerous methods: money In every
case refunded if a cure is not effected: travelers
helped immediately; years' experience; home In
confinement with sanitarian convenience. Con-
sult free the only reliable physicians, DR. AND
MRS. DA VI KS, 14 McAllister st., next Hibernia
Bank: hours, 9 A. if. to 5 and 7 to 8 P. m.
PROCESS THAT NEVER FAILS TO RE-
store every case of monthly sickness from
whatever cause in a few hours when medicines
and others have failed; no Instruments used;
many years' experience-, every case guaranteed;
advice free; terms reasonable; first-class private
home for confinement. MRS. DR. DaLEY, 1126
Market St., over the Owl Drugstore.
T ADIES, CHICHESTER'S ENGLISH PENNY-
XJ royal Pills (Diamond Brand) are best; safe, re-
liable; take no other, bend 4c, stamps, for particu-
lars, "Relief lor Ladies," in letter by return mall;
at druggist's. Chichester Chem. Co.. Philadelphia
R. FOULKVS FRENCH CAPSULES — A
guaranteed absolute curs for all female dis-
eases (no matter what cause): positively safe and
sure; no dang r or after effects: taken In time It
also, acts as a preventive: price 81 60 per box;
sent free by mall on receipt -of price. WALLKB
BROS., S3 Grant ave.
DR. AND MRS. WEGENER, 626 EDDY ST.;
private home with every comfort: separate
rooms before and during confinement; all female
complaints skillfully treated; regular -physician;
quick relief for travelers : best care: terms moder-
ate; consultation free; pills $2. ■
SPECIALIST WITHOUT REPUTATION, A
O stranger and poor, wishes to act- as nurse to
patient of either sex suffering fiom skin disease,
cancer or secondary syphilis; speedy cure guar-
anteed without conditions. F. M., box 148, Call.
DRS. GOODWIN. SPECIALIST: LADIES,
near or fur, safe, quick cure guaranteed; any
disease or Irregularities: best skill; free diagnosis;
low fees; self cure. 401 Van Ness ave. -
A LPEAU FRENCH PILLS— A BOON TOLA-
A. dies with female troubles; nodang«r; safe and
sure; $2 50 express C O. D. ; don't delav until too
late. OBGOOD BROS., Coast Agents, Oakland;Cul.
AT THE PEOPLfc-'SONE DOLLAR MEDICAL
it Institute all cases treated ana medicines fur-
nished for 81; call or write. 10'J9y 3 M rket St.,
bet. Sixth and Seventh, ban Francisco, Cal.
fflj Z.l\(\ PAID FOR ACASE I FAIL TO CURE
<jpOU\J of female complaints or diseases of the
eye; consultation free. MRS. DR. SCOT! ,4 IO Geary
DU PRAK'S FEMALE REGULATING PILLS;
safe and efficient emmenagogue; 81 par box.
RICHARDS <fc CO.,drugglsts, 406 Clay st.,soleagts,
DON'T FAIL TO CONSULT Dli. JORDAN AT
bis museum, 1061 Market st. his 30 year*
successful practice Is a guarantee of fair treatment;
the worst cases treated satisfactorily by mail.
MRS. G. WOOD, MIDWIFE; DISKASES OF
the womb a specialty. 243 Shipley, nr. Fifth.
HOME. A FRIEND AND MOTHER'S CARE.
MRS. DR. FUNKE, 1416 Klghth St., Alameda,
"IF IRREGULAR OR ANY FKMALK DI>KASK
J see MRS. DR. J'UKTZ and be content. '-i4i. 4th.
I \H. HALL, 14 MCALLISTER STREET. NfcAit
XJ Jones. Diseases of women and children.
ATTORNEYS- AT-L AW.
ADVICE FREE: DIVOKCE LAWS A BPKC-
x\ laity: private; no fee without success: probate,
Insolvency, wills, collections, bills of sale, deeds,
damages, etc. ; private detective*: estab. 10 years.
G. W. IiOWE, 850 .Market st, corner. Stockton st.
ADVICE FREE; NO CHARGE UNLESS SUO
-£L cessfnL W. W. DAVIDsON, 927 Market st.
K. W. KINO, ATTORNEY-AT-LAW, CHRON-
XV. lcla building; advice free: lowfe*s: all cases.
A DVICE FREE; NO CHARGE UNLESS SUC-
XV cessful. J. G. JKhFRi- S3. 632 Market, rm.23.
' PHYSICIANS. .
DR. C. C. CDONNELL, 1206 MARKET. RES.
XJ 2864 25th st. ; diseases of women a specialty.
PERSONALS.
p ENTLEMAN. 35 YEARS OLD, CULTURED,
vT with amtabie disposition and kind heart,
speaking several languages, desires to find a posi-
tion in a nice family a* an Instructor or compan-
ion; money not so much object as * Rood home;
highest references. Please address M. M., box 71,
Call Office.
ELDERLY MAN, UNENCUMBERED AND
XJ some means, wishes to correspond with a Ger-
man lady of Kuod character 1 1 the sime position;
Object matrimony. J. M. J., box 84, Call Office.
4 T LINCOLN BROS., CASH GROCER*.
-£*- - . - 226 SIXTH ST.,
MIDDLE OF THR BLOCK.
Four pounds eolflsh, V>s.'; 6 Iri-«h herrings, 26c:
10 b st bloater*, 25c; 15 cakes soap, 25c; large
can mince meat, -sc: box macaroni or vermi-
celli, 25c; sack cor 1 meal, 20c; 3 cans oysters,
25c: Scans salmon, 25c: -3 cans table fruit, 25c:
6 cans sardines, 25c: 6 lbs. coma: arch, 26c; 6
lbs. prunes or pears, 25c; 6 lbs. apricots or plums,
25c; butter, 20c a roll; eggs, 15c a doz?n; 23 lbs.
granulated sugar, $1.
Remember tuenume, LINCOLN.
MALAKIA — " "
.nl '1 hht deadly poison which permeates the sys-
tem, bretds RHEUMATISM and other Ills-is
thorouirhly eradicated without the use of medi-
cine by a course of bath* at
DR. SMITH'S-
ELECTRO-MAGNETIC BATH!*.
Try one to-day and yon will be surprised at the
good resu't and be only too anxious to continue
the treatment. FBKK consul:ntio:i 1 to 3 and 6to
8: Sundays 10 to 12. Call or address 1533 BU-
(.11 a. Nan ■ ST. '
I HAVE IMITATORS, L' TS OF THEM; BUT
X there's only one— G. LEDERER— and that's
me. My strictly one price for all Kinds of ha. r-
dressing Is 25c. Hair-dressing \vi:h shampoo, 50c.
"Q; IN ONI A" Hair Tonic 35& Gray or bleached
hair restored to natural color with perfei tly harm-
less pre ( arntion. «. LKDtKtK, 111 Stockton st.
Be sure of th • number.
ARE YOU TJI.NG BALD? IS YOUR HAIR
falling out? Consult EDITH E. McI.KaN,
physician for the hair. Best references and testimo-
nials. Rooms 714-5, Sprecrieis ding, 927 Mar-
ket ft : separate parlors for ladies.
SSTROZINSKI, 24 Gr.ARY ST., EXPERT
• European hairdressers and cutters; employs
no apprentices; prkei equal 10 others.
rpKLKORAPHYAND TYPEWRITING P A C-
X tically inught; day or evening: 85 per month.
7 Hyde st. .
OLD GOLD BOUGHT: HIGHEST PRICKS. . O.
\J NOLTi , Jeweler, 222 O'Farrell st., nr. Mason.
ABOUT YOUR BUST, LA DIEM
The Vio-Datur Is guaranteed to develop any
part or the body to which 11 is applied within 30
days; the Vio-Datur Is a home treatment which
75 out of every 100 ladles need, and it belongs to
the class of worthy piepuratlons which accom-
plish magnificent results in the way ot developing
the bust and giving bat k to women ihs neauty and
charm of youth; the Vio-Datur is indorsed by-
United Slates Health Reports, New York, Dec. 1,
1896. pasje 7. Address THE VIO-DATUR, 1181-
-1183 Broadway, New York City.
PRIVATE DETECTIVE WUItK DONE REA-
X Bonabie; 10 years experience: all matters
strictly confidential. O.K. WEBSTER, 1027 Market
DANCING— BALLROOM OR STAGE TAUGHT.
IRVINE'S, 927 Missions*-, opp. U. a Mint..
PAG CARPETS WOVK TO ORDER FOR SALE!
XI also chenille-wove rugs, silk-rag portieres; deal-
er in carpet twine in hank or chain at lowest rates.
GEO. MATTHEW, 709 Fifth st, Oakland. Cal.
WANTED— B 1 MIDDLE-AGED AMERICAN
gentleman of kind disposition, domestic
habits, temperate, refined, educated. industrious,
honorable, thorough uuslness experience, good ap-
pearance and well preserved, to correspond with
widow between 40 and 60 rears, who baa
property or business and In need of an hone, I,
conscientious helper; object, after tea: of my
ability, Integrity and worthiness matrimony.
Address 7.., box 60, Call office; correspondence
sacred, returned If desired. -
CVEGRANT WILL HEAR OF SOMETHING
. to his advantage by calling upon LAN DRV
C. BaBIN, 4i3 Kenrny st.
MISS OLLIK LAKE, CARD-READING AND
magnetic treatment. Rooms 3 and 4. 309
Sutler st.
"IF HANNAH GILBERT, LA I OF MAN-
X cheater. England, would communicate with her
relatives she would hear of something to her ad-
vantage. .
A DVICE FREE; DIVORCE LAW- A SPEC-
A. ialty: private; no fee without success: pro-
bate, insolvency, wills, collections, bills of sale,
damages, etc. ; private detectives; estab. 10 years.
G.W.HOWE, atty-at-law. 850 Market.cor.Stbcktn
: 1 .
DIVORCE AND ANNULMENT OF MAR-
rlage; term* of payment oblzlng; legal every-
where. Address lock box F., 908 Market st., S. F.
PAINTING, WHITENING, PAPERING;
lowest estimates work guaranteed; wall pa-
per roll. EDWARDS, 1200 Webster, cor. Eddy.
MI-S KEKGAN (FORMERLY WITH G. LKD-
erer) has opened a stylish haln! reining par or;
latest effects ;price 25c 124% O'Farrell, Powell.
PROF. ARNOLD, MAGNETIC HEALER— ALL
X disease successfully treated; rheumatism posi-
tively cured. Call or write 786 Stevenson st.
T AURA DE FORCE GORDON. ATTORNEY
XJ at law. . 1236 Market, over J. J. O'Brien's.
\fETROPOLITAN DETECT! BUREAU
i'l Parrott building, over Emporium; offices, 540-
-641; hours j a M. to 12 p. m.; tele. Mint 1471.
1 OHO CARDS, 81 50. SHOW CARDS. KTC.
XUUU Tel. Black 141. HILL, 22Vi Geary St..
(J>l A DOZEN— FINE CABINET;* AT WIL-
«]PX SON'S Gallery, 1028 Market.
CO7 MONTGOMERY ST., BRANCH OFFICES
UZi I of Tex Call; want ads and subscriptions
taken.
pARTINGTON'S SCHOOL OF MaGaZINK
X and Newspaper Illustration; particulars as to
terms, etc.. 424 Pine St.; illustrations :uriiished
for magazines, newspapers, etc.
ARTISTIC HAIRDKESsINO, 25c: 825 FOB
A cases of hair falling or dandruff 1 cannot cure.
MRS. HUBBARD, 1104 -Market St., room 28.
PUPTURK AND PILES CURED: NO PAY
XV until cured: send for book. DR& MASS.
FIELD A PORTERFIELD. 838 Market St.
MAGNISCOPE — NEW PROJECTING '.MA-
cblne; uses theklnetoscope films; price $260.
BACIGALUPI. 946 Market st. .
WALL PAPER, 4U A ROLL: PAPER HANG-
- *» Jog, painting. etc., by contract or day's work, at
yonrown price. N.K. MEKIGAN, 1302 Webster st.
T)IG OUTDOOR STERKOPTICON SHOW EVE-
X> ry night cor. Market and Sixth sts.; artistic ad-
vertisements In living light; promoters Of busi-
ness. Consult OWL ADV. CO.. 1140 Market st.
LKCTRIO LIGHTS IN . EVERY ROOM;
Winchester Rouse. 44 Third st, nr. Market;
"00 rooms. 25c to $1 60 per night: 81 50 to (6 pec
week; free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
LOAKS, FUKS A.NU bUITS RETAILKD Al'
\J wholesala prices. Factory, 20 Sansome st.
» WEEK'S NEWS FOR 6 CENTS— TH«
A WEEKLY CALL. In wraooer. for mailing.
. . DENTISTS.
$7 FULL SET TEETH: BEST MAKE;
O I • kept la repair; extracting free; fill!nss,6oc;
crowns, $3 50. Pacific Dental Parlors, 18 Third.
ULL SET OF TEETH, 87: WARRANTED 5
" years; painless extraction: see our new combina-
tion plate; thinnest, lightest, coolest plate made;
warranted 10 y«nrs- rill Ings. 50c; crowns, *3 jO.
CHICAGO DENTAL PARLORS, 24 Sixth stree..
DR. J. J. LEEK, 1126 MARKET ST.: OPEN
evenings; Sundays till noon.' ■;■.-.
■POSITIVELY PAIN LESS EXTRACTION. DR.
X HARDlNG, COOSutter cor. Pcwell;U>l.maln637»
FIRST-CLASS DENTISTRY; CHEAP; PAY-
J able $1 week. CHAPMAN, 16th and Mission.
CHALFANT St CHALFANT, MOVED FROM
\J 8 Mason to 119 Powell: bridgework a specialty.
pOLTON DENTAL ASSOCIATION. 806 lI AH-
\J ket st. DR. CHARLES W. DECKER.
ffl«7 A BET FOR WARRANTED A3
«JP I good as can be made; filling 81 UR tSIMM^
dentist, 930 Market st., next Baldwin Theater.
pAINLESS KXTR ACTION, 60c; CROWX
X bridge work a specialty: plates 85 up: lSyearf
experience. R. L. WALSH, D.D.S., 815% Gear/.
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 MARKET ST., NR.
Eleventh; no charge for extracting whea
plates are made: old plates made over like new;
teeth from 88 per set; extracting 60c; gas given.
SET OF TEETH WITHOUT A PLAXK. DO.
OH. a Young, 1841 Polk st.
pROOMB DENTAL ASSOCIATION. 769 MAR-
\J ket, bet. 3d and 4th; gas specialists: palnleii
extracting, with gas, $1; plates. 85 up; fill, Slap.
T\lt- GKORGK W. LEEK. THE GENUINE!
XJ Leek demut, discoverer of painless extraction
and patentee of Improved bridge work or tee:t»
without any plate, moved from 610 '.!0 t arrelU;.
LL WORK REASON AND WAA>
ranted. DR. J. W. KEY. 112*2 Market st.
BICYCLES.
SI- COND-HAND— TANDEMS, BSO AND 890;
O 2 roadsters, 825 and r3O good a < new. .Goidea
Kale Bazaar Bicycle Department. 25 Geary sl
PHOTOGRAPHERS SUPPLIES.
pHOTAKK. CAMERA 2x2, LAMP, < HKMI-
Xcals, paper and 6 plates, 92 60. California
Camera Co. 22 Geary st. -. : ■ - .
ADMINISTRATOR'S SALE.
ADMINISTRATOR'S SALE— HOUSE, LOT
A. 30x137:6, 1225 Bush st.; also lot 58x97:6 on
BW. cor. ; O'Farrell and Carlos ' sts. 12 it.. Tues-
day, February 16, sixth floor, .Mills bul.ding, r. 40
1314
HOUSES TO LET.
£»QQ HAIGHT.9 ROOMS. BATH. LAUN-
UO«/ dry, cement cellar, etc. 945 00
2612 Folsom— l2 rooms, bath, stable, etc... s4o 00
726 Shotwell— 9 rooms, bath 9HO 00
17 Guerrero— 6 rooms, bath, ...522 00
1418 Fifteenth, near Howard— 6 rooms,
bath, good yard, etc 917 50
16 Lafayette— « rooms 918 00
Eighth ave., near cottage. 6 rooms,
■ bith, four car lines. 915 00
1019 Capp— s rooms. 913 00
1252 York — tage, 5 rooms, bath, stable.. 9l4 00
3940 Lexington ave.— Cottage.s rooms, bat D.s l2 00
W. 11. CRIM «fc CO., 118 Montgomery st.
/CHOICE HOUBKS AND FLATS TO LET BY
\J A. J. RICH & CO.
-House. 2504 Bush it . 7 rooms and bath, 928.
House, 24 i 9-18 Webster St., 9 rooms and bath
each, 946.
House, 1030 Post St., 11 rooms and bath, 966.
House. 1811 Sutler st., 8 rooms and bath, 945.
Cottage, 1918 Lyou St.. 4 rooms and bath, 920.
Cottage, 1814 Stelner st.. 6 rooms and bath. 930.
- ' Cottage. 2826 Pine St., 6 rooms and bath. 1 30.
Flat. 1809a >teiner su, 5 rooms and bath. 9-0.
Flat, 2717 Pine St., 10 rooms and bath, 94b.
For particular* and longer list apply
A. J. RICH A CO..
Real Estate Agents and Rant Collectors,
112 Montgomery Street.
NEWLY PAINTED HOUSE OF 6 ROOMS;
rent 911; water tree. 3386 Twenty-sixth St..
near Mission. W?BR
CA7 Junes— downtown: 8 rooms and
O\J I bath; 930. UMBSEN 4 CO., 14 Montgy sU
9 ROOMS, BATH AND LAUNDRY, ON 12TH
st. ; 7 rooms, bath and laundry, on Glen Park
ave., large yards front and rear, attractive loca-
tion, sunny, clean, in good repair; rents very low.
DEMPsTi-JR, 36 Glen Park ave., off Twelfth St.
TT'URNITURE; 4 ROOMS COMPLETE FOR
-T housekeeping; bath: large yard: must be sold
. Immediately; sacrifice: rent 912. t>26 Natoma st :
so agents.
Ql 7 8 ROOMS AND BATH; NEWLY PA-
yl 4 . pered; in good condition. 2123 Mason st.
1 99P, BUSH — SUNNY HOUSE; 9 ROOMS;
1 LdLAJ yard; rent reasonable to a good tenant.
AjA 1731 BROADWAY, NEAR GOUGH—
tjpivs. rooms; every convenience: marine view.
BAD TKNANTS EJECTED: 93. SMITH,
collector. 14 McAllister St.. rooms 10-11.
fl>9n. 2814 LACUNA: HOUSE 6 ROOMa
<J5_U. 916—1835 Union; corner: 4 rooms.
914-1833 Union: 4 rooms.
5 ROOMS; S>33B SECOND ST.: 916 PER
month. Key at 539 Second st.
7 KOOMS; 537b SECOND ST.; 917 PER
I month. Key at 539 Second st.
,' ROOMS: NKW HOUSE; MODERN IM-
«' provements: 45 Federal st. ; 916 per month to
desirable tenants. Key at 539 Second st.
HuUSK.-. lu KKKi' JfOK VJSKY U.TTLJS
money at BaIUWI-V « HAilMUNira, lu
Mont com ery st.
FURNISHED HOUSES
ELEGANTLY FURNISHED RESIDENCE,
Xj containing 11 rooms, north side of O" Farreli
si., near Cough; owner going East; will rent for
six months: no agents. Apply 132 First su
(IOMPORTABLY FURNISHED COTTAGE; 6
\J rooms, bath; garden; rent very low. 2441
Lark in st.
XT' URNISHED MODERN 8-ROOM HOUSE;
x best location: bath: gas range: chicken-yard:
reasonable. 2067 San Jose ave., A lamed a.
COTTAGES TO LET.
TO LET— A COTTAGE OF 4 ROOMS; LARGE
yard and basement; rent 98. 714 Florida st.
between Nineteenth and Twentieth, Bryant and
Harrison.
'-ROOM. SUNNY COTTAGE: FRUIT TREES;
*t chickhouse: modern improvements; rent 916.
317 Clipper St., near Castro.
1 '0.1 TURK — COTTAGE; 4 ROOMS; 3
i»J — — rooms la rear; large stable.
pOTTAGE: 6 ROOMS AND BATH: 2503
v Larkini hU, bet. Lombard and Greenwfcn;
rent $20. Apply DAVID STEKN & SONS, 20
Montgomery s..
Afltt BOSWORT 11— COTTAGE, BTA-
'ivU bie, chicken-houses: sui: laundry or team-
ster.
SUNNY' COTTAGES OF 4 AND 6 ROOMS,
bath, basement, yard-, cheap. Cor. Dolores
and Fifteenth sts.
9 NEW COTTAGES: 4 AND 5 ROOMS: BATH;
basement; corner Twentieth and Folsom sts.:
no children.
<2>l C MCE COTTAGE; 6 ROOMS: BATH;
«JpX«J. sunny: yard; cellar. Key 711 Treat ave.
$7 AND 99: COTTAGES: 3 AND 4 ROOMS;
I good order. Apply on premises, 945 Bryant
St., or G. H. UMBSEN A CO., 14 Montgomery su
FLATS TO LET;
1 A«»C VALENCIA— 6 ROOMS, 8ATH. 923 00
I\JJ.O 537 Howard— & rooms, bath 920 00
1143 Valencia— 6 rooms, bath 92/ 50
615 Third— Upper six rooms, bath 92100
137 Thirteenth, near Howard — 5 rooms,
bath 920 00
3629 Seventeenth, near Dolores— Upper 7
rooms, bath; nearly new 920 00
lßo9'lurk— s rooms, bath 920 00
617 Capp— s rooms, bath 918 00
904 Shotwell, cor. Twenty-third— Upper, 5
rooms, bath 918 00
115 Hermann, near Valencia and Market. 5
rooms, bath 18 00
6Vs Morr.s ave. — Middle 5 rooms, bath 916 00
lib Borland, near Seventeenth and Do-
lores— s rooms 914 00
W. H. CRIM A CO., 118 Montgomery st.
OCTAVIA. BET. WALLER AND HAIGHT,
opposite Valencia— Rent greatly reduced; the
cheapest flats i.i the city sun all day: will be put
in first-class oraer; b and 7 rooms and bath. Ap-
ply to MADISON A BURKE.
TELEGA NT SUNNY FLAT; 7 ROOMS; BATH:
XJ latest improvements. 3338 Twenty- flritsu
SADELAIDK PLACE, OFF TAYLOR, NEAR
Post— 4 nice rooms. 914; central.
Ql A EACH -FLAT 1123 VALLEJO; COT-
tJpJ-U tage 3i/i Tay. nr. cor. Clay and Powell.
FOR SALE— THE ELEGANT FURNITURE
-T of an 8-room flat, comprising oil paintings, rare
branzes. ornaments, bric-a-brac, china, crystal,
etc at an enormous sacrifice. C D., box 163, Cail.
ffl* "I A FLAT: 4 ROOMS, HALL AND DOUBLE
»35 L\J. parlors: yard. 16U6Va Stevenson.nr. 18th.
I-<LAT TO LET; FOR A SMALL FAMILY;
1 cheap renu 806 Capp st.
IOO'JI SACRAMENTO — FLAT 5 ROOMS.
XOAO-z modern improvements: rent 916.
CM 1 5 ROOMS: YARD; BASEMENT: SUN-
-0 X i. . ny. 837 Alabama st.
ffl»Q TOP FLAT; 4 BOOMS: SUNNY. APPLY
ijpV. Bakery, cor. Germania and Flllmore sis.
VKW SUNNV FLAT: 8 ROOMS AND BATH;
J.l all modern improvements. 632 Oak st.
Sl . i NKWLY PAPERED UPPER FLAT:
«D J— • 4 rooms, yard. 1324% Sacramento St.,
near Jones.
HANDSOME SUNNY FLAT OF 6 ROOMS
J-l and bath rent reduced. 1 526 Turk st.
"T,-" LEG ANT MODERN FLAT: 7 ROOMS, BATH.
Xj 82a Howard sl, near Fourth. .
UPPER FLAT; 6 LARGE ROOMS- FINE
*J view: 910: newly cleaned and painted inside.
1305 Greenwich st.
T-PPER F..AT OF 6 ROOMS AND BATH;
*-J reasonable. 732 Grove su
Oft O9 NINETEENTH - LOVELY SUNNY
OVJOL. flat 4 rooms and bain; modern improve-
ments.
OOP. TWKLFTH-4 SUNNY ROOMS, BATH
000 and laundry; rent 916. Apply 19 Isls su ■
1 OWEK.UPPER FLATS-5 ROOMS; BATH-
Xj yard; 916, 9ia 12 Shotwell su.ur. Fourteenth.
17ILAT; 7 SUNNY AND LIGHT ROOMS AND
X bath: latest improvemen s. 3457 Twentieth
St., bet. Howard and Capp.
THIRST FLOOR. FRONT AND BACK PARLOR,
X 1 kitchen, washroom, basement, yard. 1206
Goldeu Gate ave. j
ELEGANT B v Y-WINDOW, 6 SUNN Y ROOM
ba.h: S'.'O. 738 Minna St., near Nln:b.
A ROOMS. BATH, ETC TILED SINK. DOOR-
Tt opener, etc.: 4 rooms and bath, second floor;
3 rooms, laundry, large yards for flowers. base-
ment, etc.: all sunny; location very attractive:
rooms clean: rents very low. DEMPSTER, 36
Glen Park a-ve.. off Twelfth st.
-I »;C GROVK — FURNISHED FLAT FOR
1 — O sale at a sacrifice: complete.
6 -ROOM LOWER FLAT: 2901. FOLSOM ST.
\f Apply J. A. ULRICH, 41 Crocker building.
2C Nut, NIvAK FOUR I Kf.NTH — CPPE~R"
JL i flat 7 large rooms and bath ; in perfect order;
■un ail day; drainage perfect.
ATKW BUNNY UPPER FLAT: 4 BOOMS; 3176
1\ 25tb,cor. Folsom. J.A.ULKICH, 41 Crocker bl.
TOGA GROVE— LOWER FLAT; 4 ROOMS;
i Lv bath; light; sunny h nice yard.
Ir>LAT; 6 ROOMS AND BATH; SUNNY BELT;
1 915 per month: 2610V* Mission st. Apply 844
Capp st.
fl>9C MODERN FLAT: 8 ROOM?, BATH.
'«JpZ£)..H2B Howard st., near Seventh.
4 -ROOM FLAT; FKDERAL PLACE, OFF FED-
"I era! St.: to a tenant without children; 910 per
month. Key at 689 second su
/>HEAP MODERN FLATS, ft AND 6
•• mob, 98 to 91 6; see them. 623 Seventh st.
FLATS TO I. FT- Continued.
1r< LAI'S TO KENT ' FOR VKKY LITTLE
X money at BALDWIN A. HAMMOM/4 10
jMontrom»' - n.
HOUBEKKEPING KOOMS.
Birch Avenue.
/»1 C BIRCH AVE., BhT. LAGUNA AND BU-
\J\O chanan— 2 rooms and kitchen, 97.
* ' Bush Street.
9QI 91 BUSH— TWO NEWLY FURNISHED
Xt)<i sunny rooms for housekeeping; sink;
bath and yard: cheap.
Cddy Street.
3 EDDY, CORNER POWELL— FURNISHED
rooms; 92 up: light housekeeping permitted.
71 C EDDY— LARGE ALCOVE FOR LIGHT
I 1 O housekeeping: 2 large closets; 915.
7 Q EDDY— LARGE FRONT RO M. WITH
( i O or without kitchen; lower floor: 912 per
month.
tills Street.
099 ELLIS — ELEGANTLY FURNISHED
O— .— housekeeping and single rooms; reasonable
1 AOQ KLLIB — 4 NICELY FURNISHED
11/At/ rooms: parlor, piano. bedrooms, kitchen.
«• hi 11 ntrevi.
1 A7 FIFTH - PLEASANT UNFURNISHED
Jvl rooms to leu -
991 FIFTH— NICE LARGE SUNNY FRONT
Z.S.I room with kitchen, furnished for house-
keeping; reasonable.
09.) FIFTH— 2 ROOMS; FURNISHED FOR
O*.- housekeeping: rent cheap.
99C FIFTH— CLEAN FURNISHED OR UN-
«>- «J furnished housekeeping, 2, 911; sunny hall
room, 96.
Flllmore Street.
ffiJl A S SUNNY UNFURNISHED ROOMS;
tjpj-l/. gooayard. °.'JI2 Fillmore st., near Clay.
Folium .street.
7OQ FOLSOM ST.— NICELY FURNISHED
I OV housekeeping rooms cheap.
fourth Street.
1 A£l FOURTH ST.— NICELY FURNISHED
lvUj housekeeping rooms: very reasonable.
A1 1 FOURTH — CHEAPEST AND BEST
T:A X housekeeping and single rooms In the cl;y.
Golden Gate Avenue.
QAQ GOLDEN GATE AVE. — 2 BUNNY
O\JO housekeeping rooms. 915: 1 small, 96.
drove Street.
m GROVE— SUNNY FURNISHED ROOM
I■— O and kitchen; suitable for 2: folding-bed:
grate; bath; etc
Half ht Street.
IAA HaIGHT— 2 SUNNY ROOMS COM-
X\J\J pietely furnished for housekeeping.
99 A HAIGHT— >UNNYKURNI^HKD SUITE
<— ■ " and kitchen, also piano.
Harrison Street.
700 HARRISON— 3I FURNISHED ROOMS
I DO for housekeeping; large sunny yard; sepa-
rate door; rent 913.
qoc Harrison ST.— LARGE OR small
O£.O front room: furnished or unfurnished:
housekeeping if desired; cheap.
Howard Street.
CA4 HOWARD — SUITE HOUSEKEEPING
O\J x rooms, first floor, 910; single. 95: gas: bath.
C9CI Howard ST.— FRONT and back
0Z.03 rooms for housekeeping; to rent; cheap.
C r Q HOWARD-SUNNY FRONT ROOM FOR
000 housekeeping; rent 97.
7(|4 HOWARD, COR. THIRD— NICELY FUR-
I « -t nlshed front room; also housekeeping.
1 ftfift HOWARD— NiI *E SUNNY BAY-WIN-
i VVJO dow housekeeping rooms: also single ■
rooms; pries reasonable, v '^
•legate Street.
£91 1 JESSIE, NEAR SEVENTH— 4 ROOMS;
D— l3 rent 59.
.1 onea street..
CAC JONES— PLKASANT SUNNY* ROOMS,
O\JO with or without kitchen.
Kearny Street.
99Q KEARNY— 3 OR 6 ROOMS COMPLETE
_.•_ 'J for housekeeping: also suit and single.
Lark in Street.
Q9ft LARKIN ST. — 3 : LKGANT SUNNY
O_U housekeeping apartments: gas stove; cen-
tral.
49Q LARKIN— 3 SUNNY FRONT ROOMS
tt— V for llfht housekeeping; terms moderate.
rAA I.ARKIN, COR. TURK— 3 SUNNY'
O\J\J housekeeping rooms. :
Market Street.
T ARGE FRONT ROOM: ALSO SUNNY
JU housekeeping. 1065 Market, opp. Jones.
tie Ail later street.
99ft 1 MCALLISTER— NICELY FURNISHED
— £d\J'£ housekeeping, also single rojms: reut low.
99£a mcalli TER— njckly furnished j
Z*i£U bay-window suite for housekeeping: also
single.
jilnnn Mre»..
Oaa MINNA — NICELY FURNISHED !
uUU housekeeping rooms, also single: cheap.
XAfi MINNA— FURNISHED SUNNY ROOMS
OrXVJ for housekeeping: large yard.
41 Q MINNA-FRONT AND BACK PARLOR,
ttl €? with kitchen, furnished for housekeeping:
first floor.
C 70 MINNA. NKAK SEVENTH-! LARGE
O I O rooms; all complete; yard; sunny: cheap.
Montgomery Street.
C97 MONTGOMERY, COR. CLAY - OPEN
O£i I until P:3o o'clock; branch office Of Tei
C all: subscriptions and want ads taken.
* »»toma Street.
Q1 NATOMA.COR. SECOND— SUNNY FRONT
OJ ana back housekeeping rooms, 91 60 a week:
single, 91: quiet place lor decent people.
C - C NATOMA— 2 HOUSEKEEP-
-000 ing rooms; rent 99 and 910 per month.
■Ninth Street.
1 1 A NINTH — ELEGANTLY FURNISHED
XJ. C suite of rooms for housekeeping: bay-win-
dow; folding- bed: everything modern: 912 60 per
month ; app.y at middle flat: only quiet, sober peo-
ple wanted; no dogs or parrots.
' roat Street.
£1 C POST-FRONT ALCOVE AND SINGLE
\JIO room, also housekeeping; all conveniences.
71 C POST— SUITE UNFURNISHED PAR-
I XO lnrs; also suite furnished housekpg rooms.
Seventh Street. K*BK
3 SEVENTH -3 FURNISHED ROOMS, COM-
plete for housekeeping; 2 beds: no children un-
der 12. l«-^Uifi
, .Shotwell Street.
91 7 SHOTWKLL— 3 SUNNY CONNECTING
— X i rooms lor housekeeping; gas. bath.
South Park.
09 SOItTH PARK— I OR 2 SUNNY ROOMS,
*J— furnished for housekeeping.
Taylor Street.
mTAYLOR-2 NICELY FURNISHED
rooms, suitable tor light housekeeping.
Tenth Street.
m TENTH, NEAR MA BKET— LARGE
sunny front room; for light housekeeping
if desired.
. *
1 94 TENTH— LARGE FRONT ROOM; ALSO
I—i 2 lght housekeeping; cheap.
Third Street.
01 THIRD-NICE FURNISHED HOUSE-
OX keeping rooms: also single, cheap.
O£9 THIRD— 2 FRONT 11OOMS FURNISH-
OUii ed fcr housekeeping first floor: 910.
Twenty-sixth street.
7 TWENTY-SIXTH, NR. MISSION - 2
OO\J I nicely furnished housekeeping rooms:
yard, 99. v
uu >«-•» A\euae.
O9A VAN NESS AVE.-FUKNISHED ROOM
%J£.\J for housekeeping; also single room.
KIQVAN NESS— SUNNY FRONT HOUSE-
OX(J keeping rooms, 916; also single rooms.
7ft & VAN NEBS AVE. -NICKLY FUR-
I W I'lshed rooms, housekeeping privileges.
HOTELS.
BROOKLYN HOTEL, 308-211 BUSH^BtT
xj board and room 91 to 92 per day. -16 to 913
per week: choice rooms 60 cents to 91: suite
• rooms for family 91 to SI 60 per night; ■ first-class
service; free coach. CHARLES MONTUOM KJtY
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 14, 1897.
BOOMS TO LET.
" Carlos Place.
9 CARLOS PLACE, OFF O'FARRELL, ABOVE
Powell— Furnished sunny rooms 94 and 95.
Chesley Street.
4 SUNNY ROOMS AND YARD; ALSO 2
Urge rooms: rent cheap. Apply 16 Ohesley st.
Clara Street.
Ir,Q clara — 3 ROOMS, upstairs, in
«-O front; 98; water free.
— %
Clay Street.
1 1 f)d A ' COR - CLAY AND MA —GOOD,
J- Ivti sunny front rooms.
' Clementina Street.
4AQ CLEMENTINA— NICE SUNNY
IX\JO rooms- Key in saloon. 23* Fifth st. .
Devixadero Street.
1 7AC DEVISADKRO — SUNNY NEATLY
X I \JO furnished rooms; 94 and 95 a month. -
Eddy Street.
110 EDDY-NEATLY FURNISHED SUNNY
1 IO single room for gentleman; running water.
Ofl7 COMFORTABLE ROOMS; 1 OR
«»"' I 2gentemen: gas; bath; low rent; private
family.
C I 9 EDDY— NEATLY FURNISHED LARGE
«J I — room, also small room: $10 and 98.
f*f\O EDDY — LARGE WELL-r URNISHED
\J\JO room: grate; suitable lor one or iwo.
Eighth Street.
C HERMAN AI'ARTMKNT HOnsE. 28 BTH
Oat., near Market: furnished and unfurnished.
till. Street.
■ROYAL HOUSE; 126 ELLIS - INCANDES-
J V cent lights In ever, room: readlnc-room, con-
taining daliy papers: smoking-room and ladles'
parlor; open all night: rooms per night, 35c to
91 60: week, 92 to 98: month. 98 to 930: fire es-
capes:' elevator on office floor; annex of 66 rooms
now ready .hoi and cold nater In each room; baths.
rpHE KAMONA, 130 ELLIS, MR* KATE &
X HART. manager— A quiet bouse: centrally lo-
cated: newly furnished: elevator; hot A cold water.
£97 KLLIS-LARGE FRONT Ba Y-WINDOW
U— 1 room; nicely furnisned; reasonable.
7111 ELLIS, NEAR LAKKIN — SUNNY
1 A±2 room* suitable lor young men near City
Hall; reasonable.
Fifth >u««i.
THE COSMOPOLITAN — SELECT FAMILY
i hotel: 100 Fifth st., cor. Mission: rooms
50c, 75c and 91 peruUtu 92 to 95 per week.
flljl A WEEK: LARGE SUNNY. FURNISHED
«iP 1 room: closet, bath: private. 814 Fifth st.
> 'illniore Street.
991 Jl FILLMORE— FINE SUNNY SUITE;
— J 12 furnished or unfurnished.
1 ulmin -ires..
COS FOLS M— SUNNY SINGL£ FURNISH-
*J —*J ed room: (1 per week.
fJCfit KOLSOM — SUNN V BAY - WINDOW
I UU2 room, suitable for 1 or 2; every conveni-
ence; 97; aUoslugle room.
1 A I 91 FOLMIM — LARGE FRONT ROOM;
X\J 1 Us rent 97.
Gerry Street.
791 GEARY— NICELY FURNISHED ROOM;
I — 1 rent reasonab e; references.
Orji GEARY— NEWLY FURNISHED BAY-
u«I w inflow rooms; central; reasonable; cor-
ner flat.
OAI 1 GKARY.COR. HYDE-H ANDSOMELY
UV/.I 2 furnlsbeu sunny suit* of rooms: bath;
reasonable.
Ql C GEARY— SUNNY ROOMS; SUITE OR
0 I O single: folding-beds if .iesired: reasonable.
Uolden Gate Avenue.
91 Q GOLDEN GATi: AVE. - PLEASANT
: *- 1 '' sunny double aiid slncle rooms: 95 un
£f\O GOLDEN GATE-SUNNY FURNISHED;
ijyJO suitable for two.
'JOn GOLDEN GATE AVE. — PLEASANT
vO\J sunny room: gas: bath: private faml y; 96.
-97 golden GATE sunny fur-
OZ-- I nished rooms to let.
H tight Street.
9Q HAIGHT, NEAR MARKET - LARGE
*—O sunnv front room: reasonable.
Hickory Avenue.
91 ft HICKORY AVE.-4 ROOMS; YARD;
i-lU rent 11.
huwira Mi «d .
QAQ HOWARD— ELEGANTLY FURNISHED
V\JO rooms. MISS L. DEAN, proprietress.
QcQ HOWARD— UNFURNISHED ROOMS IN
t/C suites or single.
1 19Q HOWARD-SUNNY BACK ROOMS,
1 i —•' 91 week; front rooms with closets, 96 6u
per month.
1 OF; J HOWARD- 2 SUNNY BEDROOMS:
lUi/i bath and gas and plain washing: 95.
Jackson Street.
1 ftl 1 JACKSON— NEAT SUNNY BOOM IN
X\J X X private family; 99: references.
(iesste Street.
Q/»9 JESSIE. NEAR FIFTH -SUNN
O\J£d iront room; *uitab:e for two; 96.
■iod«i street.
907 •'OSKS-THE \AN WTNKLF. NEW
*-\J I management; elegant sunny unites and
single: newly lurnlsbed: bath, etc.: $10 t0 930.
Kearny Street.
ARLINGTON HOUSE, 127 KEARNY -
xl. Pleasant sunny rooms, en suite and single; firs*.
class In every respect: terms reasonable.
IVTKWAVEM'E HOUSK, 904 KEARNY ST.,
Xi corner Jackson— Single rooms 16, 20, 25. 60
cents per eight: special razes per week or month.
Latikln Street.
TOT 3 1 LA RKIN— COR. B\ Y-W IN DOW RM.-
XV/J.03 exclusive kltcuen: others; all sunny;
96 to 920. '
11 1 9 LARKIN - LARGE FURNISHED
lllicrooms: running water; also single; pri-
vate family; reasonable.
1 1 I C LARKIN- NEWLY FURNISHED PAR-
A X X O lor floor of 3 rooms.
1 9/m LARKIN, cor. BUSH— SUNNY FUR-
XA\J\J rlshed rooms; *4 and 95.
Lily ATennt.
1 OO LILY AVE— NICE, FURNISHED, SIN-
XOO gle front room.
Market Street.
7ODI MARKET-LARGE FRONT OFFICE-
•*-'* J 2 rooms In suites or single: rent reasonable.
USEMITE HOUSE. 1046 MARKET-PER
X night, 936 to 91 : week. 91 60 to «5: families.
1 Q9ft MARKET— FURNISHED AND UN-
-» O£t\i furnished rooms for housekeeping.
Mason street.
8 MASON, COR. MARKHT (ALBEMARLE)-
Niccly furnished sunuy front rooms on Market
St.: suite or single; suitable for offices.
41 o MASON-NICELY FURNISHED SUNNY
TrXO comfortable rooms; very reasonable.
McAllister Street.
41 9 McAllister — nice SUNNY FUR-
! aX 4* nlshed looms: doub.e or single; cheap.
"I AI C MCALLISTER - LARGE FRONT
XMXy room; also single rooms. Just newly
furnished; with or without lomrd; very reasonable.
Minna Stream.
49.1 MINNA, BET. STH AND 6TH-NICE
front i00m5.96 maun; hot. cold wa:er baths.
4'-?5 %££?£' BET * KIPrH AND SIXTH-
. Ihlrd floor, 6 sunny unfurnished rooms;
gas; iH.
HH7 MlN , N k^ CORNER EIGHTH-NEWLY
UU I furnished bay-window rooms: 91 a week.
727 M . I ?J? A< NEAR xl >fTH - 3 UNFDR-
■ I nlshed rooms; large yard: 98 per month.
Mission street.'
HANCOCK HOUBF, 781 MISSION; SELECT
family rooming-house: 91 50 to 98 per week.
1 47 MISSION - NICK SUNNY ROOMS
XXII from 94 to 95 per month.
1 991 MISSION-SINGLK -ND KN SUITE'
x*d*^X rent reasonable: sonny. "
99 K], MISSION — SUNNY FRONT ROOM-
U1 gentleman; bath; rent 97; also single. '
•Naioiii-4 Street. .
94^ NATOMA — FURNISHED ROOMS 91,
""- I *-' 91 '-'6, 91 i.O: housekeeping rooms, 91 75.
9C91 natoma, NEAK FOURTH— 2 ROOMS;
water; yard.
1 o well street. -
I O PDWELL-NEWLY FURNISHED SUNNY
. 1 O rooms: suit* or single, -, _
ROOMS TO LET— Continued.
l.n*. \iree..
C1 A PINE ST.. Nh.AU KEABNY— FCR-
'- L " nisbed sunny from room for gentleman In
private German family: rent 96 per month ZfSSSB
SUNNY FURNISHED ROOMS TO RENT
from $5 up: also a large front parlor with use
of piano. 607 Pine st.
£»»>1 PINE— ROOMS FOR GENTLEMEN;
VfiJ 1 also use of kitchen for man aud wife. * - v.. •
71 l\ PINK— SUNNY FRONT ALCOVE ROOM
I X V/ sulrab e for two gents or coup e.
Poit Street.
I{O*\ PO>T — NICE FURNISHED APART-
-*-'*-' - 1 m°ht; 2 iront rooms: 2 gentlemen or
housekeeping: gat stove; bath; 916.
7 1 O POST— 3 SUNNY FURNISHED CON-
• J- «-» nectlng rooms: terms reasonable.
71 C POST, UPSTAIRS-SUNNY FURNISH-
-1 X *J ed and housekeeping rooms.
Second Street.
pENTRAL HOUSE. 52 SECOND— FOR PER-
V manent or transient; quiet and respectable;
reasonable.
f>l n SECOND— SUNNY FURNISHED SIN-
» I gle and double rooms; clean; quiet; 91
week up.
;■-•; ; ; Sixth Street.
00 PIXTH - QUIET SUNNY ELEGANT
«J«J rooms; «11 conveniences; fireproof building.
Beventn Stroe..
"I AS} SEVENTH ST., GIRARD HOUSE— ELE-
■^^ gant furn. suites, kitchen: also single rooms
south Park.
1 0 SOUTH PARK — FURNISHED ROOMS
iV for housekeeping: also single rooms.
Stevenson Street.
7C/1 STEVENSON, OFF NINTH— LARGE
ion furnished room: use of bath.
butter Street.
ADR BUTTER, NR. POWELL— ELEGANTLY
j^-U newly furnished light sunny rooms, offices:
bath; central; reasonable; appreciated If seen by
doctor.
£"1 4. BUTTER ST.— NICELY FURNISHED
«JX 1 rooms: suite or single; low rent to desirable
tenants.
'Tqi SITTER— NEWLY 'FURNISHED At..
10 1 cove suite; breakfast If desired: reasonable.
0901 SL'TTER - NEWLY FURNISHED
vji£/»/2 warm single 100m; closet, not and cold
water: cheap: appreciated If seen. ~*v ;
>•€>< k:.,n -ire.. '
THE EUROPEAN, 17 STOCKTON— FUR-
-1 Dished suites from 94 to 910a week; single
rooms, 91 to to 93 a week; hot and cold water In
every room: bains: transient specially: elevator.
Taylor Street.
1 I') TAYLOR— NICELY FURNISHED OR
X 1 — unfurnished sunny rooms: transients 60c
to 91.
> i.iru stree..
n THIRD (IMPERIAL) - SUNNY FUR-
nisbed rooms; quiet house; tourist specialty ;
transient.
Turk Street.
qi 0 TURK-NEWLY FURNISHED SUNNY
OXU suite; private laraily ; en suite or single;
bath.
'Webster Street.
991 Q WEBSTER- SUNNY NEWLY FUR-
*-~-lO nisbed rooms for gentlemen; references.
Uiacellaneous.
UNFURNISHED LAROK PARLOR SUITE:
vJ suitable for business; central. Address A. M.
S., box 76, Call Office.
SW. COR. SIXTEENTH ST., NEAR MISSION:
branch office of Tux Call, subscriptions and
want ads taken.
BOARDING AND ROOMS.
$1K ROOM AND BOARD: NEAR McALLIS-
V l "'- ter and Lagunaats. Address box 17. Call.
q.;p: HARRISON— BOARD AND room for
— '> working girl or woman : 914 per month.
1 X9| \ CALIFORNIA — NEWLY FUR-
i 'f —\J nlsuea pleasant rooms, with table board:
terms moderate.
7QI GUTTER— ALEXANDRIA— BEST AND
101 cheapest family hotel in the city; new and
elegant suites; also single rooms.
FRANCAISE PRIVATE FAMILY: OPPORTU-
uIiy to learn French, K. R., box 70. Call office.
A 1 9 EDDY— LOVELT SUNNY ROOM FOR 2,
rl- with board; *20 each.
9 FURNISHED ROOMS IN PRIVATE FAlt:
— ily for young couple. call 211 Ninth at.
] lA] VAN NEBH. COR. BUSH-SUNNY
*- lyf 1- double and single rooms with board; «el.
' (\.i VAN NF.SS— PARLOR SUITE AND
%J\j L, other rooms; board optional.
719 POST— NICELY FURNISHED ROOMS
' *-£> with board, suitable for 2; 920 each; parlor
and piano. ' .
IQI7 wkbster, near CALIFORNIA-
•tf 1 I sunny alcove room, with board; home
comforts.
997 GEARY— NICKLY FURNISHED ROOMS
—— I en suite or single; first-class table board
tTJTTvaN NESS AVK. — FIRST - CLASS
I v/U board and rooms: lowest price.
A A SIXTH >T.-THE MANCHESTER; ELE-
■"-I'J" gant furnished sunny rooms; tine table board.
HOTEL BKRTLINO. 714 BCBH— A FAMILY
hotel: references: all modern conveniences.
storks to LET.
a shton 4 Gardiner. 411 MONTI.OM-
A. ery st. Cor. 1700 Market si. ; will rent very
cheap.
ARBER-SHOP. WITH BATHS. EBTAB-
XJ llshed 16 year*: 918 per month; key at 539
second at.
< arpenter-<hop; 97 per month. 6De Boom at.;
key at 639 Second st.
P. um 01 11 shop; 96 per month. 8 Deßoomst.;
key at 639 Second at.
Corner store, 531 (second at-; 914 per month:
key at 639 becond st.
1 1 q TKNTH— LARGE STORE IN GOOD OR-
XX O dc r: low rent good tenant.
PART OF STORE TO LET; CHEAP. IN-
quire 112 McAllister st.
A] £• FOURTH— SMALL STORK WITH ROOM
"J 1U in rear: low rent. Apply to G. H. UMBSKN
<* CO., 14 Montgomery at.
QTORE— 2 SHOW WINDOWS, 2 LIVING-
-0 rooms. 1802 Howard St.. cor. Fourteenth:
rent cheap.
PMNE BASEMENT BUITABLE FOR ANY
business: one block from Market. 15 Grant ave.
tOR STORE BROOMS. LIGHT CELLAR.
nr— *J. 1 1-8 Howard su. near Seventh.
AT LOW RENT— PART OF STORK AND*
ba«emenu 924 Post st.
OFFICES TO LET.
THREE-ROOM SUNNY. COTTAGE; RENT
18. 2041 Harrison st.. opposite Eighteenth.
ST. ANN'S BUILDING, 6 EDDY ST.. CORNER
Powell— Desirable offices, with gas. janitor and
elevator. BOVEK, TOY * CO., SO Montgomery.
LARGE SUNNY OFFICE: FULLY FWRNiSH-
J~J ed; desk room: cheap. Call 916 Market, rm 69.
1 MAKKET - NKW, L«RUE, SUNNY
XfJ\JO front office-rooms; all modern.
ESKROOM TO LET; CHEAP RENT. AP-
ply 609 Kearny su. room 8.
, LOST. '
T OBT OR STOLEN— AN ENGLISH SETTER-
XJ back, white and tan ticked: 1-year old "dog" •
one side of muzzle tan and the other white, ice-
turn to 1404 Church eu and receive 95.
1 OSI - WHITE FOX-TERRIER: RIGHT
J J eye and tar tips black hairless spot on right
thigh; name and address in ink on collar; suit-
able reward. 221 Montgomery st.
I OsT— GENT'S GOLD RING, INTAGLIO BET-
J J ling, bet sixteenth and Fo som and Twenty-
fourth and Valencia sts. Return to 3526 Twenty-
fourth at.
OBT-ON TWENTY-FOURTH ST..- SMALL
purse containing gold. Finder win bnilberaliy
rewarded if ruing same to Fiizpatrick <&
Ward's grocery-.itore. '1 wenty- fourth aud shot well.
lObT— BET. . COR. MISSION. AND TENTH
J sts. and new City Hall, a black satchel, con-
taining money, keys and spectacle*. Finder re-
turn same to 306 Market su bet. 7:30 A. m. and 6
P. M.; reward.
1/EB. 1, DARK-BROWN WATER-SPANIEL.
-1 Return to 1609 Geary st. and receive reward.
"TVOC3— ENGLISH BLACK AND WHITE BET-
J-' ter. mostly black: wears plain black leather
« *5, : J ned '»»n site; name-Roxy." Reward of
96 win be paid on return of said dog to NE. cor.
Jackson and Laguna sts.
1 OST-FOX TERRIER DJG; ANSWERS TO
XJ name of "Hum.!*, Return to 2000 Washington
at. aud receive reward. ;
.'• CHILDREN BOARDED.
TV"AN TED— CHILD TO BOARD. 318 MAD-
»» rid st, near Mission road.
LADY IN COUNTRY WOULD LIKE 1 OR 2
small children to board or Infant to raise; very
reasonable: best of references given. Inquire at
Call Office. *
EDUCATIONAL.
LUCKHARDT'S COMBINED ASSAY OFFICE
J-i and .School of Instruction (Incorporated):
PRACTICAL and INDIVIDUAL Instruction in
the latest improved methods in assaying, analysis,
electroplating. CYANIDE process, etc.; SPECIAL
ATTENTION given to caieful a. say and analysis
of ores, waters, etc. 26 O'Farreil st. : elevator.
A SCHOOL OF PHYSICAL CULTURE AND
Elocution, 1215 Octavla st., San Francisco,
MISS ELIZA MACKINTOSH. pupil of Professor
G. W. Baynham, Glasgow, Scotland, and graduate
of the school of Oratory, Philadelphia, Pa.,
teacher. Office days, Thurs. and Sat. p. m.
BALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 rOST-
Bookkeeping, business practice, shorthand,
typing, telegraphy, languages, English branches,
electrical engineering; -JO teachers; 15,000 gradu-
ates; day and evening sessions; catalogue.
Qjl C COMPLETE COURSE, SHORTHAND
tJTXU. and typewriting (Pitman or Graham) by
Eastern law stenographer; day or evening instruc-
tion. 18l6i/i Post.
AYRKB', THE LEADING COLLEGE. W*
Slontcomerr st.: individual Instruction in
(bortband, typing, bookkeeping, telegraphy, eta:
Die sciiolarshln 950: low rates per week and ma.
OTAMMERING, LISPING, ALL IMPKRFEO
O tions of speech, positively cured: voice build-
ing, individual instruction; references from best In
California. PROF. R. b. DAVIS. 1608 Market.
"VroUNG LADY WOULD LIKE FEW WORK
-L pupils in any branch of English or mathe-
matics. Address J. K. C. box 149, Call Office.
ENGINEERING SCHOOL; MECH.. KI.KC*
XJ civil. lutning. survey, ansay, archil., X ray
taught; es. 1864. A. VAN DKR N AILI,KN,9BB Mm
STIEHL'S SHORTHAND AND RUBIN
College, 723 Markets:. ; atudenis trained; office
situations secured- lowest raua or credit for tuition
ELOCUTION AND DRAMA: UEI.SARTE
-LJ thoroughly taught; appearances arranged: 1 to
Bp.m. OLiVE HOFF-BCIIROKDER, 290 Hyde
"OKLASCO'B LYCKUjI SCHOOL OF ACTING—
A* Private theatricals arranged; pupiln rehearsed
on stage. R. 6 and 12, 1.0.0.F. block, 7th and Mkt-
-IJOOKKPNG. WRITNO. A RITHMIC. i.RAMrT
-Udav Anight: noclaisec $5 month. 846 Mission.
SUBSCRIPTIONS AND WANT ADS FOR THE
Call, taken at branch office, 339 Hayes st.;
open until 9:80 o'clock.
ENGLISH, LATIN AND MATHEMaTiCS;
literature a specialty. MISS ROULSTON.
724 O'Karrell su
PIANO TAUGHT IN SIX MONTHS: NKW,
-L quick method; 92 &0 per month. 323 Hyde st.
SPANISH SCHOOL: DAILY, 93 A MONTH:
O 4to9P. M. Room 10, Y. M. C. A. Ouiiaing.
PKOF. LOUIS MERKI: VIOLIN, MANDOLIN,
guitar, cornet; reasonable. 226 Geary, ur. Powell.
PIANO LESSONS AT PUI'IL'S HOME; 60c;
JL best ref. & F., box 76, Call Office.
SPANISH.FRENCH.Etc; Prof. DkFILIPPE'S
O Academy of Languages,32o Postst:eslab'd 1871
SINGING; PIANO: PARIS GRADUATE;
French, German languages: 92 mo. 109 Taylor.
LEO COOPER'S SCHOOL OF ACTING. Da NO-
-LJ ing, voice, pantomime, stage. 814 Geary st.
GUITAR. MANDOLIN. PIANO AND VOCAX.
lessons. $:■( mo. Mary Westhaus. S9 Fifth.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
c. & i:r ~ ~~
THE REALIZATIONS
OF THE DREAMS OF AGES.
THE FUTURE UNVEILED
. FOR THOSE WHO CARE TO SEE.
The Parisian prophetess has arrived and is now
in the city: that, great exponent of the occult art,
that renowned ai d famous medium— Miss Van de
Vere— whose clairvoyant vision penetrates all the
subtle mysteries of Life and Death, from which
the commou mind is veiled.
Query: Why is it that so many Dersons— men
and women gified In many ways— struggle on
from day to any, urged on by love or hale, or am-
bition, yet n >ver succeed, although their exertions
are almost superhuman and tneir fortitude is
more than sublime as they drag their weary limbs
through years of trial, while their poor, tired eves
gaze yearning y for that Mecca of 11 apj iuess they
have never found.
But there is hope for ell the unsuccessful ones.'
Consult Miss Van de Vere an I she will tell you
what he trouble is and how to r-medy It. No
mailer whether you are rich or poor, hign or low,
she desires to ho.d out the hand of friends ip and
Rood i her to all who art* msrtrrsupon the rack of
fate.
Miss Van de Vere sends greeting to the people
of San Francisco and vicinity and Invites all those
who are unfortunate or in troub'e to come to her
and have the ciuud removed. Advice given on
business Investments, speculation, love, courtship,
marriage Mnd divorce; in fact, upon everv matter
that would concern vour future success. All com-
munications .-acredly confidential. Letters con-
taining stamps answered.
PARLU-. 1, 1 FIFTH ST., COR. MARKET.
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, THE WORLD'S MOST
(iamous medium of modern times. Don't fail
to see her it yon are interested in the affairs of life:
if marriage, sickness, deaths, changes, travels, di-
vorces, separations, lawsuus, business transac-
tions, wills, deeds and mortgages, lost or stolen
property, lost or absen'. friends, interest you: If
you car* to know what you should do to 'be suc-
cessful, where you should go and whom to avoid,
when to buy and sell stocks, «-tc: In a word, what-
ever may be your irouc'.e. suspicions or desires,
call on this gifted woman and she will sen! you
away happier, wiser and bolder than ever before.
Hours 9a. ic. to Bp. *.. strict. N. B.— Sa Isfaction
guaranteed by mall. Send stamp for pamphlet,
special terms. MRS. I»K. F. CLARK. 1206 Mar-
ket, st.. parlors 25 and 26. Take elevator.
MME. LE NORMAND, GREATEST CLAlR-
voyaut in the world, permanently located
where she can be consulted on all affairs of life:
life charts from «1 50 up: reading by mull 50c. in
order to reach all classes ana suit .he limes 1 have
reduced my price of private sittings to 25c. Call
and be convinced. Cut this out. Office, 1 I'olkst.
VJ ME. DR THOMAS. SCIENTIFIC BEVEAL-
i*X er by eggs and cards; tells entire life, pas.
present, lutnre: consultations on all affairs! noth-
ing excepted; names given; good advice: sure
help; restores lost love by s> mpat.iy; mistake Im-
possible: fee 91 : letter 92. 929 Post St.. nr f.arkln
MISS BEHNHARi- RETURNED: CARD-
reader and ma^netlsu 17a Sixth st., room 10,
second floor.
CONSULT THE LUCKIEST AND B -.ST ME-
dium: 25c: one piice. 41 Minna, nr. Second.
* LICE FAY, MEDIUM AND MAUNhTIC
■A. healer: permanent. 128 Seventh st., top flat.
\J ME. RAVENA RtADS LIFK FLUKNTLY:
111 business advice; names given; 25c up.G Fourth
MISS MELVILLK, WELL-KNOWN CLAlR-
voyant, 51 Fifth St.: water readings a specialty.
G'V PSY LIFK- ) EADER REMOVED TO 3
Seventh St.. nr. Market; ladies Me, gents 90c.
UETURNED— EVA FOSTER, MEDIUM AND
XV life-reader, satisfaction guaranteed. 131 4th.
ME.,MORLAU,BIiBr CLAIRVOYANT AND
medium In city: fee 26c up. 764 Howard st.
ME. SILVIA RETURNED — CLAIRVOY-
ant; card-reader. 846 Folsom st.
\l M. . LEON A RETURNED; CARDi.E ADKR;
i'A magnetic treatment. 995 Market, room M. -
ME. WALTERS OK TEHAMA: CAR»s>; LA
dies, 25c: gents. 50c 951 Ailsston. nr. 6th.
MME. S7BILLE TKLLS FROM CRADLE TO
grave; picture* given : ladles 25c: ! 14 u' Karrell.
MME. HANBEN, PALMIST. CARD-HKADKR;
XU past, present and future; 26c. 1 148 6tb, r. 5.
MRS. i»HAN, MEDIUM AND MAGNETIC
healer. 605 Post St., room 2.
me! NKLSON, MEDIUM and card-
reader. 120 Kddy su, room 1.
ME. LEGKTTE. CLAIRVOYANT AND BUS.
advice; 25r: one price. 311 Tubama. or. 4th.
SPIRITUALISM.
CC C C. C.
• Remaining 2 weeks only, the famous, world-
renowned Miss Van de Vere will toretell your fu-
ture, guide your affections and secure you Infallible
luck la 'love, courtship and marriage: business
and mining Investments a specialty: positive proof
of accurate predictions given. 1 Ftf:h at., room 1.
RS. C J. MhVER, CIR. TON H. HI. TUBS.,
Wed. and In, 'J p. »r.; trance dr., Mon. and
Fri. eve., 25c; sluing* dally. 326 McAllister si.
ME. OSMAN. SI'IttITUAL TRANCE MEDI-
um; life readings, love affairs, business invest-
ments, mining speculations specialty. 838 Mission.
DNA WALLACE, --the original" ME-
dlnm and magnetic healer. BtJ5Va Market si.,
rojm 10.
ME. GRAY. THE WONDERFUL MAGNET-
Ic healer. 142 seventh at., room S3. .
MRS. t-LLla, MEDIUM: e>ITTING».9 To B. 91;
i'l circles lues , In.. 2p. M., 25c 233 Valencia,
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY. CLAIRVOYANT,
trance test medium A. Ufa reader. 218 Stockton
AM. FRANCIS. INDEPENDENT SLATE
■ writer. 118 Halehi st.: boors 9 until 6p. it.
. ASTKOLOGI.
VTOUR LIFE— THOUSANDS TESTIFY I RE-
-L veal past and future: send 25c for character
sketch and diseases: birthplace, year, sex. month,
hour a- H. or p. u. if possible. PROF. BaIRD. as-
trologer, dept. 'i, ban Jose, Cal.
HYPNOTISM.
HYPNOTISM SCIENTIFICALLY TACGHT;
success end. H vpnotlc Mesmeric I ns,6 O" Farrell
STORAGE.
TJEDUCKD RATES. FURNITIThE, PIANOB.
Xlhouseholdcools.ee JM IKK<>:, 7S6Xkt,
JuATKSI SUlPl'lMf INTKL.L.IUK.NCK.
MoTem«ntl of Trans- Atlantic Ste»m«-«.
NEW YORK— *al'ed Feb IS— -tmr La Nor
manale. for Havre; *tmr Columbia, for Mediter
ranean ports: strn- Furuessia, for Glasgow: »imr
Auranla. for Llverpoo : stmr Manitoba, lor Lon
don: stmr Italia, for Glasgow: stmr Hesuerla, for
Mediterranean ports.
BRKMKN— Arrived out Feb 18— Stmr Olden
burg.
Ql'KENSTOWN— Arrived out Feb 13— 8: mr
B itannlc.
GENOA— Arrived out Feb 12— Stmr Fnerst Bls
maick.
NAPLKB— Sailed Feb 13— Stmr Ems, for New
Yor,
HAVRE-Salled Feb 13— Stmr La Champagne,
for New Vor-;-
AMSTERDAM— SaiIed Feb 13-Stmr Kdam, for
Nev» York.
GIBRALTAR— Passed Feb 13— Stmr Bolivia,
for Mediterranean ports.
Blum— hakriacBE& — knm
Birth, marriage an 1 death notices seat b» mar.
will not be Inserted. They muss be handed In a:
either of tbe publication office* anl be Indorse 1
with the name an 1 residence of person* authorize.!
to have the same published. ]
BOKN.
KLMOKK— In this city, January 8,1897. to the
wire of J. M. El more, a son.
0 1 LBEHT— February 13. 1807, to the wife of
James IX Gilbert, .1 ton.
HILIiKBRASDT-In this city, February 7. 1897,
to the wife of William C. Uildebrandt, a
daughter.
JACOBS— m this city. February 5, 1897, to the
wife of Samuel T. Jacob*, a -.on.
MINER— In ibis city. February 18, 1897, to the
wife of Frank Greenland Miner, a son.
MI'LLRR— In this city. February 7, 1897, to the
wife of C. F. Mcller, a daughter.
PAVKRT— In this city. February 13, 1897. to the
irlfe of R. .1. Paver:, a son.
MARBLED.
COBLE.VTZ-LKVV— In this city, February 11,
■ 1H97, br the V.-.v. IX M oy»rson, David Coblentz
of B«-attl». Wash., and Florin L-vy of Paris,
Kranc*.
_____ „
liltD.
A/linn. Kugen* McQuold. Joseph 'A,
l['il/,ti»Ui,K»li />»ah«r. Edwurd J.
I'.radlay, A. <>. Morrlll, Mary A.
Carson. William NeMon. G. a.
Carrwn^er. Flora OWeIL Ellen
Kir tin. Sadie Quiolan. John
For«ytht. Mamuel K»e. Phyllis A. H.
Habermeahi. Mrs. M. Slebert. Frances V.
Hoar, Elizabeth Bta:igroom. Robert
Jones. David 1. hulllvan, Jamei
McCarthy. Denis Thompson, John a
McLean, Alice Trowbrldge, Sarah A.
Westlake, George
AYHE.VB- In thU city. February 12, 1837. Eu-
gene, beloved sot of Paul J. and Eu(tenl«
Ayhens, ari<l brother of Paul, Alice. Alfred.
Walter. Chester and Leona Ayhens. a native of
Ban Fran' aged *J2 years 6 moutna and 12
da\ *.
49* Friends and arqnaintances ara respect-
fully invite! to attend the funeml THIS DaY
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock p. m , from nls late
residence. Sixteenth avenue, between P ant Q
stre*ia, .south ban rranclsco. thence to Memo-
rial Presbyterian Church. Eighteenth avenue,
for services Interment Mason c Cemetery.
BOTZBAtH— In Ibis cltr. Frbrnarr 12 1897.
Kate Botznach (nee Floyd beloved wife of
Hpnrv C. Botzbacu, a native or Ireland.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully itivlt'd to Htu-nd me fanrra! THIS DAY
(Sunday), at 9 o'clock a. m.. from Her late resi-
de nc •. It'l Div s'.ou str»-e;, boiwopn Folsom and
! Harrison, Sixteenth and Seventeenth, thence to I
the Church of S:. Char Borromeo. Flihteonth
and Shot welt streets, where a requiem high
mans wi i be celebrated for the repose of her
soul, commencing at 9:30 o'clock a m. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery.
BRADLEY — In this city. Fabruanr 12. 1897, A.
O. Bradler, a native of Maine, aged 92 yean.
CARSON— In this city, February 11. 1897. Wil-
liam, beloved husband of Mary A. Carson, an :
father of Robert E. Carson, ana.iveof Balti-
more. Md., aged 57 year.*. [Baltimore (Md.)
paper") please copy. J
05f"I"rie:ids and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend :he funeral THIS iAY
(Sunday), at 8: 0 o'clock a. u.. a; the under-
taking parlors of McGinn Bros., 31 F.d-.iv stree:.
the..c • to >.. Mary'-* Cathedral, wiiere a solemn
requiem mass will be celebrated for the repose of
his soul, commencing at 9 o'clock a. m. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Ceuieiertr.
CARf'E.NI KR— ln February 15, 1897,
Fl-ira. wife or the late I). S. Carpenter, and
mo.her of Miss Ca-o Carpenter, a naive or New
York state, aged 47 ve.irs 7 months and 9 dags.
FLY>"N-Inthlscl,%-. February 12. 1897, Sadie,
beloved daughter of William and Sonhla Flrnn.
j a native 01 san Francisco, aged 3 years and 10
months.
49~Frlen<ls and acquaintances are respejt-
! fu ly invite.: to attend iii* funeral THIS DiV
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock p. u . from the residence
of tier ti:s, 319 Brannan street. Interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery.
FOKsYTUK— In this dtr. February 11. 1837.
Samuel, husband of Helena Forty tbe. and
father of Lllla Forsytne, a native of Belfast. Ire-
laud. •«
«?~The funeral will take placa THIS DAY
(Sunday), at 2:80 o'clock p. w., from the. ball,
corner >ix.eenth ami Valencia streets, under
the auspice* of Unity Lodce No. 131, I. O. O. F.
Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
UABERIIEAHL-In this city, Feoruary 12.1897.
Mrs. Maria Hubermeah', a native of Germany,
aged 61 ye. rj .-I months and 11 days. iXapa
and New York papers please copy.j
&7T Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully mvi 10 attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Sunday), at. 10 o'clock a. m., from the par-
lors of Theo lor ' DlerXs. »57 Mission street.
Jtu. rjnon: private.
HOAR— In this div. K bruary 13. 1897. Eliza-
beth, wti* o the late Michael Hoar, and mother
of lizzie and May Hoar, a native of Cahir, County
Tipperary. Ireland, aaed 62 years.
4S~Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend th- fuieral TO-MORROW
(Monday), at 9:30 o'clock a. if., from her In--
residence, Ift Teham* street, thence to St. Bren-
dan's Church. Fremont and Harrison streets, for
services at 10 o'clock a m. In.erinent Holy
Crosj Cemetery.
JONKS— In this city, February 13. 1897. David
J., beloved husband of Catherine Jones, and
father of Edwi.t and Theo Jones, Mr* Mary
Porter and Mrs. F. Harrington, a native of
Wales. Knjcland. aue 1 64 years.
49* Friends and acquaintances and membersof
Cambrian Mutual Aid Society are reip-ct-
fully Invited to a. tend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Monday), at 2 o'clock p. u., from his late resi-
dence, 12 Hawthorne street, between Howard
and Fosom.
MCCARTHY— In this city. February 12. 1897
Denis, beloved husband of the late Mary Ann
McCarthy, and father of Mr*. Thomas Murpny,
Mrs WlllUm F. Murray and Mrs. Fred Roberts,
a native of County or* . Ireland, aged 75 years.
a3~Frlemls and acquaintances are respect-
ful y InvUed to attend .lie <nn»ral THIS DAY
(Sunday), at 8:30 o'clock a. m.. from the resi-
dence or hi- daughter. Mrs. Thorns Mnrnh-/
«10 Gu rncu street, luencu to Mission Dolores
Church, where a solemn requiem mass will t>*
celebrated lor th« pose or his soul, com-
menclni; at 9 o'clock a. m Interment Holy
Crots Cemetery.
McLEAN— In this city. February 18. 1897. Alice,
beloved wife of Dr. Robert A. McLean, a native
of Vary»vi!le. Cal.
McQUOID^-In this city, February 12. 1897 at 208
;-hot\vell street. Joseph A., beloved husband of
Hannah McQuoid, a native of New York azed
80 years. '^ "
«-The funeral will take place Tim n*.\-
(Sunday), at 1 oclock p. m., from Masonic
Hall, corner Sixteenth and Valencia streets, un-
der tne auspices of Mission Lod.e No 169 F
and A. M. interment Masonic Cemetery. '
MAHER— In in, city, . Feoruary 12. 1897 Ed-
ward J., dearly beloved husband or .uary a.
Maher a native or St. John, New Bruns
luted b9 years. [Br, John (N. a) papers please
*a~Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the fun-rat THIS DAY
(Sunday), at 11:80 o'clock a. m.. from the par-
lors of Carew & English. 41 Van Ness aveaue.
near Market street, thence to St. Joseph's
Uiurch. Tenth an 1 Howard streets, for services.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
MORRILL-Jn thlscttv, Februar.- 12, 1897, Mary
A. Mori 111, beloved mother 01 Mrs. C. A. Patter-
son and Mrs. B. K. Furuiis of Columbus, Ohio,
and Mrs. Thomas urav of Meredith. N. H., a
native of NewHatnpihlre, aged 08 years and 10
m »]£rs' [Sew Hampshire paper* please copy.i
*»^*riend» and acquaintances . are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, p. m.. from the par-
lors of H. c. Por.er & Co., 122 Kdiy street.
luterment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
KELSON— In this city. February 11, 1897. G. A.
Nelson, a naive o< Ne.v Yo«, aged 66 years.
*J"Frlends and acouaintances are ■ rospect- ■
tuny Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY •
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock p. 11.. from the resi-
. dence of J. P. McMan i. 1408 Sacramento street,
luioriueni 1. O. O. F. Cemetery.
O'XEIL— In ibis city, Feoruary 12.1897. Ellen,
beloved wife of Edward O'Nell, and mother of
Mrs. Mary Eoheverla and Nellie and Eddie
O'Netl, a native of County Kerry, Ireland, aged
65 "Art. • ~ ■ .-. , -■■ _
•3T" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
: fully mviied to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Sunday), at 10:16 o'clock a. m.. from her late
residence, northeast corner Boyce street and St.
Roses avenue, thence to Holy Cross C&urcn,
win-re a solemn requiem mast will be celebrate!
for the repose of uer soul, commencing at 11
o'clock a.m. Interment Mount Calvary Ce ma-
ter/.
QU IN LAN— In this city, February 11, 1897. John,
beloved iiusbina of Ellen Quln an, and father of
Mis. M. E. hllio't, Dennis, 'i naothy, John and
ih« late Robert Quinlau. a native of Ireland,
aged 66 years, fiaierson (N. J.) paper* please
copy. 1 •
Friends and acanalntances are respect-
ful invite., to attend the funeral' THlS DAY
(Sunday), at 1 :30 o'clock p. if., from his late
residence, 811! Mission street, thence 10 St. Pat-
rick's Church for ssrvieds >at 2 o'clock p. if
Interment. Holy Cross Cemetery.'
RAK-In this city. February 11, 1897. at 8252
, Twenty-fifth street, Phvllis A. U.. beloved
daughter of James and Mary E. Rae, and sister
■of iCdwin J. and Raymond G. Ra*, a native of
San Francisco, aged 5 years 6. months and 26
davs.
■j^- Friends and - acquaintances «r» : respect- •
fully Invited to attena the juneral services
THIS DAY (Sunday), at 30 o'clock a.m.. at
the residence of her parents, 25j i weiity- fifth
street, Lntermen Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
SIKBKRT— In - Kovato. Matin Co ■.•.!.., K.;. nary
2, 1897. Francis Veron dearly oelovel 1
J»ii','ikit o. Ch res J. anil iO'e Slebfrt, a na- ~
tive of >an Francisco, axed 1 1 months and 14 ,
days.
STANGROOM-In this city. 'Februar/ 12. 1897,
Robert, beloved husband of ilar?ars: Stang-
• room, and rather or Annie Stangroom, a native
of ew York, aged 62 years.
WThe funerat wul taice place THIS DAT
(Sunday), at 10 o'clock A. M.. from hit late
ri-M ion cei :;5 <»iibe.-t stree:. off Bryant, between
t»lxt ., and Sev.-uth. thence to St. Hose's Church
for services Interment. Holy Cross Ceiueterr.
SULLIVAN'-In this city. February 13. 1897.
James bullivan, a native of the parish of Cahara,
County Cork, Ire .ami, aged 50 years. fWaah-
ln ron (D. c.) papers please copy.
. **7 «end» and acquaintances are respect-
roily Invltea to attend the luneral TC-MOP.KOW
(Monday), at 8:30 o'clock a. m.. from the par-
lors 01 .McAvoy & i.aaaijher. 20 Fif.h .street,
thence to at. Patrick's Cnurcn. wnere a solemn
requiem mass will be celebrated for the repose of
his soul, commencing at 9 o'clock a. u. ' Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery.
THOMPSON-In tin, Cltv - Februarr 12, 1897,
John H., beloved huso.^ndof Elizabeth Thomp-
son, and father of John C, Lizzie and Joseph
Thompson. Mrs. T. .1. Kourke and J. B. Gitmore,
* HS-T, 0 ' J, ngla ° d ' acerl «7 years and 4months.
Frl . e^ 8 and RCt l ua iniance» ar» r»-n PC
full Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Sunday), at *:3O o'clock a. u.. from Ids late
residence 1.0 Fr»?lou street, thence 10 St.
Rose's Church, where a solemn mass will
be celebrated for the repose or his soul commenc-
ing at 9 o'clock a. u. Interment Mount Calvary
Cemetery. J
TROWBRIDGE— In this city, February 13 1897
. Sarah A. Trowbrldg', a native of Albany,' N. Y.' :
aged 79 years 7 months and 19 days. • '* :
WESTLAKK— In this city, February 12. 1897
George We.st.ak», a native of England, aged 66
year*.
* McAVOY A CAL. JLaCH~ER^ T
FONERAX DIBKCTORS k EMBALMERS,
tO Fifth St., Opp. Lincoln School.
Telephone 808a '. -
JAMES SIcMENOMK* & SOX,
IISWiKTAKtUS AND KMBAJLM.ER9,
kiiiti AliSKioii Street, Near b«veutn>.
'lelephone sooth «54.
JAS. ENGLISH. T. R. CAREW""'
CAREW & ENGLISH.
UNDERTAKERS AND EMBALJIEU*
FUNKKAL. DIKKt TOKS.
JP Van Ness ave.. near Market nt, auu *'ranolsB«
Telephone so. 160.
F. 1.. GUNTZ. H. W. GANTNER.
QANTNER & GUNTZ,
Funeral Directors and Embalmers.
8 and 10 CITY HALL SQUARE.
Telephone South 432.
MOUNT OLIVET CEMETERY.
SAN MAT COUNTY: -NEAREST CEMP>
tery to tbe city; non-sectarian: In no sense ox-
elusive: location unexcelled. OOm 9*7 UuiH
atreet. itoutheasi corner a* ttixtk.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
John C. Nielsen to Carl A. Bruna, lot on E lint
otlMerce street, 25 N of Waller, N 25 by E 106:3:
$10 •
Ely I. and Helen J. Hutchinson to William H.
Blaney, lot on N E corner of Stevenson and Thir-
teenth streets: K 25 by N 85: *10.
J. j'. ad Josephine C. Sherwood to Lorenzo
Scatena, lot on W line of .Stockton street with NK
line of .v> ontfromery avenue, N 14:4y a , W ll:ll'i,
UK 18:81/2: 9 10.
Fleet I. strother to Elizabeth Btrother, lot on N
line of Bush street, 45:9 K of Leaven worth, E
28:iy a by N 10-: also NE corner of Geary and
Jones streets, B 24 by N 77:5: also lot on W Una
of Grant iiveinif, 49 X of Post street, N 49, \V
46, a 98:6, K 23, M 49:6, K22 gift.
Pierrette B. A. Mat. at Herman to Henrlelte
Consofino. C. Adrienne and M. Lucle Hermann,
undivideiVa interest in lot on S line of Green-
wich sir.-et, Z~yi:S W of Mason. W 23 by S 120;
gif;.
Blanche A. P. Hermann to same, lot on SE line
Natoma street, 250 N E of *lxth, NE 25 by S>E 75;
gift-
Mary K. low, wife of George A., to Aaron Stein,
lot of .V corner Second and Mission streets. NW
117:6 by NK 112:85.
Ann, Joseph G. and jlobert A. Morrisey to
Michael Curtis lot on SE line of Harrison street,
250 !S\V or >..\lh, SW 25 by SE 75: $10.
Anton and Bertha Monseigneur to Elise Hansen,
lot o:i NE corner Nevada and Vermont streets. N
100 by B 25: $10.
Christian H. E. Sievers to Dorothea C. If. Han-
sen, lot on E line of seventeenth avenne, 100 N of
D street, fc. 127:6 by N 25; $10.
.Solomon and Dora Getz to George M. Palsbury,
lot on line of K fctreet, b'J:6 VV of Ninth avenue,
W 25 by 8 100: 410. . . , <
Cecilia A. Dolan to Henry and Anna Nissen, lot I
on N W comer of cortland and Nevada avenues, '
W4O ny N 65, being portions of lots 1 and 2, I
block 1, Barman Tract: $10. .
O-to H. Greenwood to Herman Wollert. lot on
S line of Flower avenue, 75 Wot Loom is street.
>\V7S by 66. lots 11, 12 and 3, Haley's map lof
P. V. lanas: *10.
John A. Lyon to Ida H. Lutgen, lot on E line of
Lotta .«treei, 60 S or Parnassus avenue, S 25 by E
81:3: 810.
Joseph and Betty Altalay to Eintracbt S. and B.
Vereln, lots 19 and 20, block 12. Flint Tract
Homestead Association; $10.
ALA EDA COUNTY. "-'i ';.-",
Howard J. Hill to John Cronin, lot on S line of
Thirty-second street, 100 W of Macnolla,' W 28:8
by S 100, being a portion of lot 7, block G, lands of
Peratta Hi meslead Association, subject to a mort-
gage, Oakland: 10.
Martha B. i-arfcin to Lizzie L. Smith (wife of
Sheffield), lot on E line of Filbert street. 196 IS of
Tenth. >. 32 by E 126. being lot 31. block 567,
Oakland; $b023
Clark L and Louise B. Goddard to S. O. Holmes,
lot on E line of Adeline street, 175 N of 'lhlrty-
second, N 25 by K 127, block 676, Oakland: $425.
Charles and Mary A. Mohler to Hagn Hogan,
lot on NE corner ot Denntson and Kennedy
streets, E 125 h.- N 200, block A, Shell Mound
Tract, East Oaklan.i : $10.
l>elos and Harriet A. Pratt to Kills Powell, lot
24 In subdivision F, Fruitvale Terminal Tract,
Brooklyn Township: $10,
It is and Emeline M. Powell to Xorenno D.
man, came, Brooklyn Township; $10.
- Fruit Vale Land Company to Nancy C. Cardoza,
lot on W line of Bay avenue, 176:49 S Tenth
street, N 25:07, W 140:38, S 26, E 142:46 to be-
ginning, being the N V- of lot 13, block U, Hunt*
Incton :ract, Brooklyn Township: $5.
Martha B. Larkln to Lizzie L. Smith, wife of
Sheffield, lot on a line of Uudsdale street, 100 W
Henry, 8 100, E 100, N 100, \V 100 to beginning,
being lots 3 and 4, block 11, Fitchburg Homestead
lots, Brooklyn Township; also lot 6, block 11,
same; $10.
Joshua R., Stella B. and William W. Mead and
Anna L. Lee (trustees estate Stephen Mead) to W.
W. Strobridge, lot on S line of Mead avenue,
84:05 1: of Market street, E 25 by S 125:70, lot
37, Mead Park. Oakland: $10.
• Lela .May vinzent (wife OleC) to Annie Han-
ratty, lut on fc. line of Filbert street, 268:10 8 of
Twenty-first, S i,O by 126, block 614, quitclaim '
deed, Oakland: $10.
' ' Domingo, Joseph. Louis and Eueene Ghirardelli '
and Angela Jorgen«en. lot on SW corner of Four-
; teenth and PoplHr streets, W 115 by e> 117, block .
677, Oakland; $10. - ■ . — :
Domingo Ghirardelli to same, same; $10.
Domingo, Joseph and Eugene Ghirardelli, An-
gela Jorgens^n and Elvira Sutton to Loots Ghlrar-
dell'. lot on W line of Poplar street, 17 Bof West j
Fourteenth. 8 100 by W 115. block 577, Oakland; ]
$10.
Domingo Gblrardellt to same, same, Oakland (
Louis Ghirardelli to Johanna L. Ghirardeill Jl
same. Oakland: 1 10. v»F
Cynthia A. Morse to Edwin B. Morse, lota IS.
and 14, block K. May of -New Town of Lynn. Hast '
Oakland: $100.
J. H. and Agnes A. Simpson to A. T. Spence. lot
on K line of Spanlding avenue, 93.10 of Ban-
croft way. E 129.25 by s 60, block 4, Spaulding !
Tract, Berkeley, quit calm; $10.
Builders' Contracts.
Ida H. Lntgen with W. W. Rednall. to erect a j
one-story cottage on Lott street, 50 S of Parnassus.
$2250; W. W. Rednall, architect.
• — •■ •
The Rubber Industry.
People familiar with the condition!
under which the world is supplied with
ruDber say there is reason to fear that tbe
destruction of the trees producing this
precious substance is proceeding at a rate
which may have disastrous consequences
in the near future. That the price of the
raw gum has not advanced more rapidly
than it has in the last year is due, they
say, not to an intelligent cultivation and
multiplication of tbe rubber trees, but to
the complete lack of fores ght that charac-
terizes the inhabitants of the South
American forests. The sudden vogue of
bicycles and tbe universal use of elec-
tricity have vastly increased the demaud
for rubber, and M far the demand has been
met without trouble, but the. present chief
source of supply is limited, and unless
new ones are found or new methods are
adopted, several great industries may
soon be seriously embarrassed. Rubber
is 11 substance as nearly unique and as
difficult to replace as is known to men.
Fortunately, however, i: is produced by
more than one plant, and the utilization
of new species has ai ready beguu. NorA
of them compares with iwo found in tho
valley of the; Amazon, but commercially
important quantities of the gum coma
from each 01 a dozen plants growing in
almost as many tropical lanas. The Lan-
dopbilia, a climbing vine o! Central Atrica,
seems to be most likely of them all to take
the place of the ! Brazilian trees if * bt
latter are doomed to exunclion.— N«
York Times.BLAME IT ALL
ON DR. McLEAN
Little Hope for Oakland
Harbor for the Next
Two Years.
A Statement- Drawn Up at
. Washington That Caused
Great Surprise.
The Doctor's Colleagues at This En J I
Were Not Aware of His New
Move. :
Oaklaj.*.-* Office San Frascisco Call,*
908 Broadway, Feb. 13. )
The Board of Trade and Merchants' Ex
change directors were considerably sur
prised to-day to learn that all appropria
tions for the improvement of Oakland
harbor had been cut out of the Senate bill
on account of a large error.- The last in
formation received on this point was to
the effect that Colonel Sutler had been
\ ordered to proceed with ide work, and it
i was expected that as soon as specifications
• were drawn up contracts would be let.
Instead, however, it now appears that
additional information has been placed
. before the House committee ,wbic . has
upset all calculation*. A. few months ago
an agreement was reached between the
Oakland and Alaineda authorities as 10
the recommendations that should be made
'to the War Department. According to
this agreement the Oakland end of the
harbor was to be deepened first, after
which the tidal canal was to be cut
through.
Dr. McLean, Alamcda's Health Officer,
wiTit to Wushington supposedly for the
purpose of furthering the work, but wbeu
the fact became known tuat the appropria
tions, had oeen cut out of the bill inquiry
was at once made for the cause. It was
found in a statement prepared by Dr. Mc-
Lean after he had gut to Washington, and
of which nobody at this end knew any
thing.
The statement prepared by Dr. McLean
is h.eaded "A Dehcit and the Cause of the
Same in the Appropriation for the Com
pletion of Oakland Harbor, Under the
Continuous Contract fey-tern at t..e Last
Session, Which Should Now Be Corrected."
No one in Oakland was aware of any de
ficit, and they are greaily surprised to
Jearn that such a state of affairs had been
brought to the attention of the committ. c
by Dr. -McLean, as it was understood that
he was working actively to have work on
the harbor commenced as boou a 3 possi
ble.
• It appears from his statement that, find
ing it useless to advocate the completion
of the tidal canal before the improving of
the Oakland end of the harbor, he looked
about for a new point of attack and found
it a-s he supposed. But those who are
familiar with all the facts assert that Dr.
McLean's latest move is without merit.
There is a general feeling tnac instead of
.picking Haws in the manner of th? appro-*
pnation, Dr. McLean should have used
all his energy to secure the use of the
money already appropriated, after which I
another effort could have been made at
another session of .Congress to have se- i
cured the alleged deficit. It now Jocks as
if nothing would be done on the harbor
for the next two years.
The section of Dr. McLean's statement ;
Which fully explains the peculiar dis- !
patches published to-day is as follows:
"Colonel G. H. Mendel], corps of en- !
gineers, lately in charge of OaKian.l Har- i
bor, in his annual retort for the year end- i
ing June, 1895, states the amount rtQuired
for the completion of the harbor to be
$741,000. This was the official statement I
upon whicn Congress.- acted in the river
RECEIVER FRANK J. WOODWARD of the Highland Park
Road, Who Resigned Rather Than Fight F. M. Smith,
the Syndicate President.
and harbor bill of June, 1896, when it
made an appropriation of $20,000 for contin
uing the improvements, with the i roviso
that contracts may be entered into by the
Secretary of War for such material and
work as may be necessary to complete
the improvement, to be paid for as appro
priations may from time to time be made
by law, not to exceed in the aggregate
1666.000. b
"An error was made after the river and
harbor bill passed the Senate Committee
on Commerce, by which the Commi tee
on Conference of both houses reduced the
Senate's appropriation from $75,000 to
$20,000 and failed to add the difference
between these amounts, $55,000, to the
J^66,000, whfch the bill authorized for con
trac:s by the Secretary of War. In this
way this $ti66,000 fell short by $55,000 "f
the $741,000 which Colonel Mendell in 1895
reported as the estimated amount neces
sary f or t ne completion of Oakland Har
bor."
Under these circumstances the whole of
the appropriation was cut out of the bill
»t Washington and everybody interested
in the harbor heartily "wishes that Dr.
McLean had staved at home and looked
■f'er the health of the Encinal ci'y in
stead of preparing statements at Wash
jngton which ended so disastrously for
m-is community.
VALUE OF A MAU.
A Jury Decide* John Johnson to Be
Worth *4000
OAKLAND, Cal., Feb. 13.— The exact
value of a man was decided this afternoon
by a jury in Judge Hall's \ court. - John
Johnson some months ago sued the Hay
wards electric road for $10,000 for injuries
received while traveling on its cars. In
bi« complaint it was stated that he was
seven-eighths disabled, and a demurrer
was interposed stating that the language
was too ambiguous.
In arguing the demurrer Attorney M. C.
Chapman of counsel for the plaintiff de
nied that the language was ambiguous and
stated that when It got to the jury they
would decid the val'ie of the injured por
tion of the man. Tnis morninir the case
was given to the jury, and after being out
a few hours they returned with a verdict
of $3500. which, in accordance with the
allegations of the complaint, fixes the
value of the man at $4000.
IS NO LABOB LEAGUE.
Federal Labor l«ion Has Not Made
Any Indorsements.
OAKLAND, Cal., Feb. 13.— The Federal
Labor Union has aumorized the publica
tion of the following statement :
The Federal Labor Union, feeling that a
false impression has been created by me re
port of its action which appeared in the press
of February 0 and later dates, especially with
regard to the communication which was re
ceived purporting to come from thealeged
Alaineda Labor League, slating th«ir indorse
ment 01 candidates for the different munici
pal offices, wishes the public that lakes inter
est in labor eiiould know that the alleged
Alameua Labor League's , communica
tion : was uaniroously rejected by the
Federal Labor Union at its last meeting, and
the Federal Labor Union Ue6ires to btate that
it has not, either directly or indirectly, in
dorsed any net of candidates for the coming
: municipal election. With regard to tne Ala
niedft Labor League the Federal Labor Union,
alter diligeut Investigation, fails to find anj
visible trace ot any such organization.
• Although the storm kept away some oi the
members, quite an interesting meeting was
[ lie. d, and au able paper on prison reiorm on
true economic principles was read by Mr.
Hitchcock.
F.J. Cavanaugii, President pro tern.
C. N. Hitchcock, Secretary pro tern.
At the last meeting of the Federal Labor
Union the report was given out that it
had indorsed a ticket put up by the Labor
League of Alameda County, headed by
j John L. Davie for Mayor. This report, it
is now stated, was incorrect, and has been
formally withdrawn.
Frank Thwaitei Injured.
OAKLAND, Cal., Feb. 13.— Frank P.
| Thwaltes, the county sttnoerapher. was
thrown from his bnegy last evening and
badly injured. He stopped at Prosecuting
I Attorney Melviu'a house and was in the
! act of snaking hands at parting, when his
horse suddenly took fright and bolted.
I Thwaites was thrown on the curbing,
striking on his shoulder, which was dis
located, and he was otherwise severely
j bruised. It will be some days before he
j can return to his duties.
Bold Thieves Grab Valises.
OAKLAND. Cal., Feb. 13.— Two bold
\ thieves walked into the office of the Peo
j pie's Express Com pa ay at 1 o'clock this
; afternoon, saluted t lie clerk and imme
! diately grabbed a valise each and ran into
the street. A driver named Cunnincnam
saw the theft and gave chase to the men,
capturing one of them after a run of a
couple of blocks. He proved to be James
O'Brien, an<i is one of the same gang of
hobo sneakthieves of whom Evans, the
burglar now in jail, is a member.
Every day some small job is reported,
1 and one by one the gang is being taken in.
BONDS TO THE SYNDICATE
Receiver Woodward Surprises
the Court by HipJ ing in
His ResiguatLn.
~"
He Enters a Spec. fie Denial to thr
Alleged Charges cf Improper
Conduct
Oaklakd Office Sax Fbaxcisco Call )
908 Broadway, Feb. 13 f
The difficulties winch arose between
Frank J. Woodward, receiver of the High
land Park and Fruitvale electric road and
the Realty Syndicate Company, of which
I. M. Smith is president, have not re
sulted in the interesting proceedings that
were expected. When the several charges
against Woodward were filed about a week
a;jo, with a request that he be removed
from the position of receiver, because of
t administration In office, Woodward
I declared he would tight the case to the
bitter end, and a lively legal battle was
I expected.
This mornine, after a short consultation
in chambers. Frank Woodward handed in
celled le " ati ° n aS receiver . and il was ac "
thT rV y i ndic ? t0 owned 190 of th « h onds of
the road and sought to B unp ant Wood
ward wan bupenntendent W. T. Rudolph
End inif'hT 1 " 6^ 11116 as receiver, as
Rudolph bad aE reed to fill both places
i without extra compensation. Before the
St. ST" ? aUed u th s mor ning Woodward
i hl<d a reply to the citation,
l In It h« denies the charge that he had
I not conducted the affairs of the road in
! Sni m esl i°L the cred 'to", and he also
i honH *. tbat he ? as made an y Ponton any
bond transaction, and alleges that the
only bonds he handled were those which
he assisted the syndicate to acquire.
Woodward also specifically denies th*
charge that he allowea the rolling-stock of
the road to run down, or that, he settled
charges against the road for. lens than
their face value. He also stated that a re
ceiver is necessan- and that his own ser
vices were worth $150 a month.
There was no argument in court. As
soon at the case was called Judge Ogden
and the attorneys went into the chambers
and when they returned Woodward hand
ed the Judge the following resignation:
The matter of my: compensation having
been amicably adjusted this day, I hereby
resign the receivership in the ab.>ve-entitled
cause, compensation to end March 12, 1897
•F. J. Woodwabd, Receiver."
W. F. Rudolph was then appointed re
ceiver, with bonds fixed at $25,0C0.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 14, 1897.
CURTAIN FULLS
ON PETERHOF
Members of the Black Cross
Order Haunt the Castle
No More.
AH the Characters in the Re
dance Have Gone Their
Several Ways.
Mo More Can DsluJfd Followers Lay
Claim to the Estate of
the Count.
Oakland Office Pan Francisco Call )
908 Broadway. Feb. 13. j
With Rev. Junius Laertes Hatch our of
Oakland, Miss Lizzie Carter in the East,
Mrs. Jennie Boulon cared for by friends
and Castle Peterhof legally declared to be
the property of the Countess Poulson, it
now seems as if the last chapter had been
THE COUNTESS FAGERSTJERN, Who Is Now Sole Oarner
of Castk Petcrhof.
written of the history of the Order of the
Black Cross.
Judge Ogden recently decided that the
whita castle of Peiehof is the property of
the Count's widow, Elizabeth Poulson.
For over three years the battle over the
Poulson property has been waged. The
Countess claimed ownership by virtue of
a deed of Rift that her husband afterward
destroyed. She was opposed by the Pub
lic Administrator and some relatives of
the Count, but thpir claims were all passed
over by Judge O'den and his decreu in
favor of the widow has just been recorriei.
For several months no new prophecies
of cv.l have been given to the world by
Primate Smith, he of the long white
beard, who lives in an ark on Sessions
Basin and cruises around the ebtuary
when be desires a chance of residence.
The old man who lived in the tank
bouse ana refused to be put out because
he said the Count appeared to him in a
vision and told him to stay there has
also gone. Miss Lizzie Carter, who cir
culated all manner of stoii's about the
widow, and for whose arrest a warrant
was issued a long while a^o, was never
heard of after she arrived at Denver,
where she was taken t-ick, nor did she
come on to California to try to establish
her charges.
All the prominent characters in the
weird drama that was enacted a few years
a?o have dropped out ot sieht, evidently
having lost faith in their Messiah.
Up to about a year ago many of his fol
lowers firmly believed that Count Poui
son would return to earth ana wou d
again inhabit his castle and preside over
tne Order of the Black Cro-s. This was
the doctrine preached by Primate Smith,
tut as each successive date on wnich the
Count was to appear passed by and he
came not their faith gradually dwindled
away, and now no members of the order
can be found.
Some months ago Mrs. Poulson, who
had been subjected to all kinds of incon
veniences and annoyances by the many
cranKs wno looked upon her as their per
sonal er.emy and who wished to bold
Peterhof sacred to ihe memory of tneir
founder, married a well-known singer of
San Francisco, and io now living in that
City.
She never sympathized with the Count's
extraordinary ideas of modern spiritual
ism, and was applying for a divorce when
the Count died. All manner of sansa
tional stories about poisoning and similar
charges were circulated by me little band
of fanatics who worshiped under tne
Count, but they were all proved to De ab
solutely devoid of found»tion, and now
they and their authors are buried in ob
livion, and the history of Pelerhof is
closed.
POLITICS ON THE BOOM
Parties in Berkeley Ready for
the Nominating Con*
ventions.
Delegates Elected by R pub icans and
Appointed by the People's
Party.
BERKELEY, Cal., Feb. 13.~Delegates
for the Republican convention that is to
be held in Berkeley nexi Monday- evening
to nominate candidates for the town
officers wero selected to-day in a primary
election. Only one ticket was in th neld.
As decided by the Republican Central
Committee there were 112 delegates
named, who will constitute the party con
vention. They are as follows:
First Ward— F. M. Bprryman, I. A. Boynton,
M. P. Geirrine, H. I>. Kelsev, C. P. Kerns, A. L.
Oti. W. E. Squires, VV. K. Weir, Roctwood
Filnt, John E. Rinck«', George 11. Striker, Fred
K. Connor, A. D. Lockwood, A. E. Axx, J. O.
Hai^com, Jacob Kiet-8. C R. Lord, Richard
Mealey, F. J. Kyus 1". W. Rlebarda, Siymore
Johnson, J. R. Aver, Charles Havelia, Leo
Hampton. Thomas H. Gilbert.
Second Wnr.l- H. 11. Dobbins, S. \V. Cart
wri ht, W. Lair Hill. Robert Carter, Joseph
McKeown. W. M. 'iayior, K. S. Ha.l. Wanes
Cheney, John Irvine, Jobtpu Chappie, Joan
Wooley, Robert Edgar, James Robinson, John
Spencer, James tariieniier, William A. Grover,
J. c. love.
Third Ward— E. P. Bancroft, A. H. Broad, J.
8. Eastman, Simon Fischel. Robert Greig. M.
P. Hail, M. C. H:mlin, C. T. Hn.l. C. Mikkel
-6.-H. T: Morrison, T. C. Nueeat. E. A. Priest,
F. K. Shattuck, Robert Stewart, E. D. Thorna*.
E. Q, Turner, W. H. Waste. G. W. Webb, L. M.
Williamson, G. L. Wileox. F. R. Woolsey. J. D.
R»y, J. G. Howel. Jr., P. Salisbury, Charles
Geirrine Jr., Rod Cameron.
Fourth Ward— F. W. McCann, G.-W. Mene
fee, M. D. Ryder. C. E. Finnic, R. A. Barker.
Robert Hpear, John A. McClure, Dr. H. N.
Kierulir. Hugh Forgie, L. B. Barnes, James
Jardine.
Filth Ward— S. W. Smith, G. A. Waterbnry,
D. Cornelinson. Benjamin Dallerup, Fied Ba'r
tels, V\il iam J. W. Streib, E. G. Vail, 8. W.
Lander, W. 11. Pennie, Frank W. Dixon, H. X.
Greenoui'h, W. E I'rc.^cott.
Sixth Ward-G. A. Schuster, William C. E.
Carltou, J. M. l'rice, L. Borkheim, J. Vasey, C.
J. Newel!, li. Fardig, H. li. Hey wood, P. Mcn
elmann.
Seventh Ward— M. J. Acton, W. If. Heywood,
A.J.Lopez. M. f. Lestrange, J. Paine, P. Re
mond, J. F. Teague, T. Wilson, S. Wilkes, C. E.
\\ ulierdingen.
Tne convention will meet in Odd Fel
lows' hall. It will adopt a platform and
put a straight party ticket in the field and
will constitute the lirst leeular organiza
tion of local Republicans.
The People's party has also got ready
for its convention, wnich will be held on
March 4. There are to be sixty-three del
egates, nine from each ward, of whom
many have already been chosen. The
delegates appointed are as follows:
First Ward— J. T. Fxrrar, C. Townaend, M.
Doyle, R. E. Bush, J. L. Martin, A. B. Quackeu
busn, C. Geirrine St., B. F. Ellis, W. k. We. ls.
Second Ward— John Stutt, Frank Hdll and
Fred Hanson. Six more to be selected
Third Ward— J. If. Doyle, N. T. Whiting. J.
M. Cook, A. Gregory, Joan LaveUe, EJ An
derson. J. K. Jacobson, A. C. Jacobson, Cap
tain Robert LiiibridßC.
Fourih Ward— Thomas Crammile, James
Stutt, R. W. Good, Can Henrichs, Oscar Ames,
Thomas Thompson, J. J. Rose, John Rodgers,
Charles Johnson, T. Moiier.
Fifth W'nrd— George H. Wright. Stewart Mc-
Kay, C. v. Schnoor, Dr. J. U. Oberg, H. Mein
iipn, Jniin Geider. Alex R.bertson, W. Strlber,
J. W. W i throw. J. W. Derickson, M. WiliUms,
Jacob Meuges, August Schnoor.
Footballi»ts Win.
BERKELEY. Cal.; FeD. 13.— The Glee
Club and lootball team ot the university
played their annual baseball game on the
campus to-day before a large audience of
students and visitors. The game proved
to be a most lively one and great enthu
siasm was evinced by the supporters of
the different sides. The score at the nd
was 11 10 8 in favor of the football team.
The players in the football men's nine
were: Kaarsbere, ptcner; Carr, catcher;
llali. firct base; Bender, second base;
Ransome, third base; Avery, shortstop;
Simpson, left field ; McNutt, center field ;
Sherman, right tieid. The Ghe Ciub's
team consisted of: Morse, pitcher; Elston,
catcher; Smith, first base; Bold in p. sec
ond base; Strin bam. third base; Chest
nut, shortstop; Knight, left held; Wilbur,
center field; Taylor, right held. ;
Kicked by a Hone,
BERKELEY, Cai*. Feb. 13.— Guy L.
Bailey, a student of the university and a
member ot the Phi Delta Theta fraiernity,
was kicked by a horse be was unharness
ing late last night and rendered uncon
scious for some time. The animal's hoofs
struck him in the siomach and chest in
flictinc serious injuries. To-day the
young man was taken to bis home In Oak
land, his condition having improved.
Services To-Di»y.
BERKELEY, Cal.. Feb. 13.— Professor
Thomas R. Bacon of the university will
preach to the Unitarians at Sales Hall to
morrow morning on "Spiritual Perspec
tion."
Shot Himself.
BERKELEY, Cal., Feb. 13.— Charles
Coward, the sever-year-old son of J. M.
Coward, who beiarae insane some days)
apo, accidentally shot himself in the hand
with a 32-caliber pistol.
!-=IS THE BEST KNOWN REMEDY^- 1
FOR —
QHEUMATISM, NEUBALGIA, PAINS IN GENERAL, DYSPEPSIA, DYSENTERY, S
II Cholera Morbus, Diphtheria, Sore Throat, Pneumonia, Nervous, Liver and
| Kidney Complaints, Sciatica, Lumbago, Colds, Coughs, Local and General Debility,
% Headache, Earache, Toothache, Sickness in Stomach, Backache, Burns, Swellings!
8 Boils, Sores, Ulcers, Colic, Cramps, Sprains, Bruises, Scalds, Wounds, Indigestion,'
<i Skin Diseases, Excessive Itching and many other complaints too numerous to #
# name here. The most skeptical are convinced after trial.
I Price, 25c, 50c, $1.00 Per Bottle. i
•,;■ For sale by all druggists. The trade supplied by Redington & Co., Mack & Co. and Langley & MicnaeTs, San Francisco.
*% L. Callisch, Wholesale Agent for the Pacific Coast, San Jose, Cal
NOT AN ILLUSION
BUT HIS CHILD
The Pitiful Discovery of a
Father in a Dime
Show.
AnOlficer Hurries the "Great
Barrel Mystery" Off to
Priscn.
She Was a Ward of the Childrens
Society, but Had Run Away
Frcm Her P ace.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway, Fed. 13. )
The most sensational act of an old-time
drama was repeated on Washington street
last night. A faiber while attending a
piace of amusement discovered his way
wara daughter under conditions that were
most revolting to him, called the police
and the gin was taken to the City Prison,
and is still thorp.
Rose ilenneuan, whose parents live at
Second and Grove streets, made a com
plaint to the authori.ies several months
a^o that her parents were ill using her,
and there was a hitter fi_-bt over the ques
tion of guardianship. Finally Rose suc
ceeded in convincing the court that her
father was not good to her, and at her re
quest Mrs. -ProscoU, secretary of the Chil
dren's Society, was • granted letters of
guardianship.
Soon afterward Mrs. Prescott obtained a
piace for her warn with a family in East
Oakland, and from time to time received
reports that convinced her that Rose was
a good girl and that her story regarding
ill treatment by her parents was not un
founded.
Not many days aeo Rose left her posi
tion without informing her guardian and
obtained a situation as an actress in a
dime illusion show that opened up in a
vacant store oti Washington street, She
was advertised as a great barre! mystery,
and her act consisted in getting into a
barrel, which was then rolled all around
and shown to the public empty and a few
seconds later Rose would be materialized
from the same barrel.
Last night her lather and one of hi*
children were uptown, and Mennehan de
cided to take in the show. He was greatly
interested in the programme, and nothing
disturbed him till hi* li;t!e child said to
him, 'There's Rose." The old man
shouted as soon as be convinced himself
that the figure in a dress not to be de
scribed waH bis own daughter Rose. He
rushed info thesueet and enlisted the ser
vices of Officer Hynes and had his girl ar
rested.
He was so excited that he wanted the
officer to march the giri to the City Prison
with. -lit de ay, but Hynes insisted that, as
the girl was not costumed for a walk up
town, the father must wait patiently till
ghe prepared heiseif.
When booked at the City Prison Rose
defied her father to exercise auy authority
over her, and called attention to the fact
t at Mrs. Prescott was her legal guardian.
Chief Lloyd doubted tne girl's story, and
sent for the secretary, who was consider
ably surprised to find her ward undf r »nch
conditions. She ordered her to be de
tained until such time as she could lake
the necessary steps to send her to some
institution irora which she could not
escape to join an illusion show.
HEALTH MATIEKS.
Important Reports Made by the Board
of Health.
OAKLAND. Cal., Feb. 13.— Health Of
ficer Bradley has issued a report which
has created much interest. Several houses
in Chinatown have been declared to be un
sanitary and have been placarded by order
of the Health board.
Dr. Chamberiain has reported that the
Sanitary Inspector has posted sixty-seven
notices along the Cbabot water:-b.ed, and
Dr. Larkey states that several complaints
of the water have lately been made. Sani
tary Inspector Smith reports that along
the watersheds of the Contra Costa com
pany the farmers did not lake kindly to a
rt quest to move barns and pigsties that
might contaminate the water.
In this connection Health Otiicer Brad
ley stated that >he farmers had employed
an attorney and intended to contest the
case, claiming that there is a flaw in the
law.
Dr. Larkey has made complaint that in
the Grant Scuool only one towel is fur
nished for the u*e of 200 boys, and one of
the children is afflicted witn ophthalmia,
and the question 01 Mipnlying towels will
he attended to at the next meeting of tbe
Board of Health.
Scavenger* in the Teat Cue.
OAKLAND, Cal., Feb. 13.— 1n the test
rnse to-day of the scavenger* .fudge Wood
found the defendant, Leunardim, not
euiity of violating the ordinance in dump
ing garbage into a car which had been
chartered *y the scavengers to take the
refuse out of th»- city.
The scavengers can now go ahead and
transport the garbm-e outside of the city
as much as they like and thus defeat the
plan of having them aeuver it to the cre
matory.
Modjeska's I ngagnment Canceled.
OAKLAND, Cal., Feb. 13.— The mana
ager of the Macaonougu Theater receivpd
a dispatcu to-day irom .Mine. Modjeska
canceling her «ngaeement in this city on
account of illne?s. The actress is now very
sick at Los Angeles.
ANNEXATION LEAGUE.
Circulars Sent Out Describing the Bene
fits of Great r Oakland.
OAKLAND. Cal.. Feb. 13.— The scheme
to annex the territory oetween Oakland
and Berkeley is meeting with some oppo
sition. The Adeline Improvement Club
has issued a protest, signed by forty-live
voters, which they have submitted to the
City Council. They declare that, as the
Adeline sanitary district has completed
its system of sewers, the maj irity of
proi>erty-owners do not feel justified in
favoring annexation at the present time,
and do emphatically protest against the
annexation of the Adeline sanitary dis
trict.
The Annexation League is pursuing its
work with great activity. They have ju t
prepared a circular, whicn has been
mai ed to every voter in the outer district,
setting fortn the reasons why annexation
should take place. The greatest opposi
tion comes from the Piedmont sanitary
district, which has just been formed lor
the purpose of building a sewer sys tem.
and which, to a man, is opposed to an
nexation.
Rogers "Will Organize.
OAKLAND, Cal., Fob. 13.— President
Samuei Guiupers of the American Federa
tion of Labor, has appointed C, D. .Rogers,
ex-president of the Oakland Typographical
Union, general or^anizt-r of the federa
tion in the State of California. Mr. Rogers
is one oi the best known labor-union men
in Alameda County, and has always mood
up Jor the rights of organized labor. For
a long time he was foreman of the Times
printing office in that paper's halcyon
days, and he has also been president of
the County Federation of Trades. As a
State delegate to district typographical
convention*, he is known all over the West. !
JMra. Craven .Executes Deeds.
OAKLAND. Cal., Feb. 13.— Mrs. Nettie
Craven has deeded two lots in Berkeley to
Joseph Fredericks. The consideration
named issioand the acknowledgment oi
the deed was taken by Notary Charles
Phillips.
« » »
Taylor Worked for Alameda.
ALAMEDA., Cal., Feb. 13.— City Attor
ney E. K. Taylor returned to-day from
Sacramento, wnere he has been attending
tbe L gislamre, looking after such pro»
posed legislation as tiffects this city. He
is veil pleased with the result of his
trip.
"The delegation friendly to Alameda
have done stalwart work and I believe the
majority of the fights have been won,"
saiu he this afternoon. "Senate bill No.
0, aifeciine our electric light plant, has
passed both houses and Governor Budd,
who has a few trivial objections, will sign
it. I have explained to him that his ob
jections are not well founded and he as
much an admits it.
"The Harrison avenue annexation bill
will not pass. It is too far down on the
files and it was only after I arrived here
that it was due up out of the committee
pigeon hole. The library bill, making the
trustees elective < fficers, has passed and
will be signed by Governor Budd.
"Senator Andrus of Pomona has a bill
that needs watching, it makes the City
Attorney in all cities of this class ap
pointive instead of elective and should not
be allowed to pa.-s. I believe it is beaten,
although it may pass the Senate."
Formerly Chief of Police.
ALAMEDA, Cal.. Feb. 13.— James
Cook, one of the oldest and most popular
residents of this city, was taken to the
Old Soldiers' Home at Yountville this
aternoon. He is suffering from dropsy
and cannot live very many months.
Mr. Cook wa-* the nr-t C ief of Police in
thi< city, and is familiarly known by a
large number of the citizens of this place.
He served in the late war, and is an ac
tive member of the local G. A. R. post.
He leaves a married son, all the other
members of the family having departed
this life.
Lubbock Goes to China.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Feb. 13.— Warner
Lubbock, the oldest son of Assistant Post
master Lubbock, sailed t"-'lay for China
and Japan on the City of Peking. This is
the young man's first voyage upon the
water, and if ne enjoys it he will continue
to follow the sea. He goes in the engine
room of tbe big vessel.
Brief "Sew* of Interest.
The Encina! was busy moving into Its band
NEW _ T j°' PAY -
CONSUMPTION
To the Editor : I have an absolute Cure for
CONSUMPTION and all Bronchial, Throatand
Lung Troubles, and all conditions of Wasting
Away. By its timely use thousands of apparent-
ly hoipeless cases have been permanently cured.
So proof-positive am I of its power to care, I
will send FREE to anyone afflicted, THREE
BOTTLES of my Newly Discovered Remedies,
upon receipt of Express and PostofSce address.
Alwavs sincerely vours,
T. A. SLOCUM.M.C, 183 Pearl St., New York.
When writing tbe Doctor, please mention this paper.
Auction Bates
DISSOLUjW- SUE.
Monday, the 15lh uTof February, 1897
At 11 o'clock A. M., a;
1057 MARKET aTEtKT, OPI*. .ION^S,
By mutant a.-recment. we the umlersUned. B.
M. Birisa.ii and H. J. i eutbo :z doing bustnes* as
auc.ionecrs nnjfc.r the rtrin. inline or Indiana Auc-
tion Cohipanv. hereby a-'fee to sell a. public auc-
tion abave named business, cun>l - ting of c-to k on
Hand Fixtures. Good Will and Book Accounts,
inventory will be lor inspection at ouroilice Mou-
day morning trom 8 o'clock. If no. sold &i a
whole the st etc will be so:d'piecemeah
' Any and all bills against Indiana Auction Com. •
pany, B. M. Birdsall or H. J. JLeuihol z we request
be sent, to our office, where they will be pain. -
IS Ol AN A A I CTln.S' CUMP * NY.
B. M. BIRDCALL. -11. .1 l,}.f ' HOLTZ.
some new quarters yesterday, but will be fully
settled by Monday.
J. W. Harbourne will resign at the next
meeting his rnemb rship in the executive
committee of tne Harnionie Ha.l Non- Partisan
party.
The fifteen-man shoot between Companies
G and Fof Oakland, postpoued on account of
the rain last Sunday, will take place to-day,
the weather permitting.
It was intended to erect a mast for an elec
tric arc ligriu at the corner of San Antonio
avenue and Sherman str-et, bin instead of
that locality it is being erected at Clintoa
avenue and Stierman street.
Stephen Otis, the son of the well-known law
yer livintt on Santa Clara ave;iue, had a fall
on some broken. glass in his back yard yester
day afternoon and Dadly cut himself about
the right kneecap.
BLEW OUT HIS BBAINS.
Conrad Schaffer, a Saloon-Keeper, Was
Respondent and landed Hi« Life.
OAKLAND, Cal., Feb. 13. — Conrad
Schaffer, a saloon-keeper, committed sui
cide to-night at bis homo ou Valdez
street. For some time he has been de
spondent, and about 10 o'ciock this even
ing he placed his revolver to his head and
fired. He was 51 years of age and leavea a
widow, but co children.
AGAINST EXPEOTOSATIOIf.
An Ordinance 'Will Be Favorably Re
ported to the Supervisors.
Those Supervisors who belong to the
Ho«pital Committee of the Board of Sup
ervisors have derided to recommend to
the board to-morrow afiernoon the adop
tion of what is known as the anti-expec
toration ordinance. This provides a
penalty for expectorating upon the side
walks or on the floors of public buildings.
The ordinance as referred to the commit
tee contained a provision against expec
torating in the streetcars. This provision
was stricken out by the committee. The
maximum penalty for expectorating on
sidewalks and in public build ngs will
be ?:'5. if the ordinance is finally adopted.
A similar ordinance is in force at Sacra
mento.
JEW TO-DAY
FREilolwlAl
THE METHOD OF A GREAT TREATMENT
FOR WEARM OF Ml
WHICH (TRKD HIM AFTER EVERY-
THING ELSE VAJ.L.UD.
■ Painful diseases are bad enough, but when a
man is slowly wasting away v;ltn nervous
weakness the mental forebodings are ten
times worse than the most severe pain. There
is no let up to the mental suffering- day or
night. Sleep is almost impossible, and under
such a strain men are scarcely responsible for
what they do. For years the writer rolled and
tossed on the troubled sea of sexual weakness
until it was a question whether he had not
better take a dose of poison and thus end all
his throubles. But providential inspiration
came to his aid in the shape of a combination
of medicines that not only completely restored
the general health, but enlarged his weak,
emaciated parts to natural size and -vigor, and
he now declares that any man who will take
the trouble to send his name and address may
have the method of this wonderful treatment
free. Now, when I say free I mean absolutely
without cost, because I want every weakened
man to get the benefit of my experience.
lam not a philanthropist, nor do I pose as
an enthusiast, but there are thousands of men
suffering the mental tortures of weakened
manhood who would be cured at onca could
they but get such a remedy as the one that
cured me. Do not try to study out how I can
afford to pay the few postage-stamps necessary
to mall the information, but send for it and
learn that there are a few things on earth
that, although they cost nothing to got, are
worth a fortune to some men and mean a life-
time of happiness to most of us. Write to
Thomas Slater, box 2283, Kalamazoo, Mich.,
and the information will be mailed in a plain
sealed envelope. .. •
t^sJ? J" A N wEno
V V Jffig|ka^ aod TUMORS «£
jf §% |B^% Jiol»!:yTiil Cured I!!*
wanpfij 00 paee book free with
' I ffi '^l&i iSwij home testimonials of many
Wonderful Cures -wo r & t
«iB |M|»^^^ places- Women's Breasts
,^J*T[SC ByA| anil Men's Lips, e.d.
C mr f^Ti JS M VOfflce, 719 Xark'at St.
-^ San FrancUco.
Send to Someone with Cancer
ik^H These tiny Capsules are superior
to Balsam of Copaiba /^N
a A Cubebsorlnjectionsandf ffllD/l
gj ] CURE IN 43 HOURS \^J
bwJ the ' same diseases without
inconvenience.
Sold by all druggists.
1516
CHEER FOR
CUBA'S CAUSE
Many Letters Received by
the Local League of
Liberty.
FAC-SIMILE OF THE NEW
PETITION.
New Names Added to the Mayor's
Executive Committee Yes
terday.
MANY PATRIOTS TO SPEAK FOE
FREEDOM.
One Man Off rs to Rjise and Drill a
Company to Take the Field
for Fame.
Considerable progress was made yester
at Cuban League headquarters in the
work of inducing prominent citizens to
lend the movement their moral support.
A number of letters from sympathizers
throughout the country were received,
and many visitors called and expressed
their willingness to aid the Cuban move
ment in any way consistent with the laws
of the country.
The following is a fac-simile of the peti
tion subscribed toby friends of the sym
pathetic Cuban League throughout the
United States, and the same which is be
ing circulated in this City:
The following is the list up to date of
those who will serve on the Cuban com
mittee to aid the league originally organ
ized in New York by Charles A. Dana and
Colonel Ethan Allen:
I). S. Richardson.
Ex-Mayor Adolph Sntro.
General W. H. 1,. Barnes.
Colonel W. C. Little.
William M. iunker.
L. K. Ellert.
•lames H. Barry.
A. P. Van Duzer.
Fisher Ames.
H. K. Hight«n.
Charles M. Shortrldge.
'William H. Mills.
Daniel A. McColgan.
A. Ruef.
J. E. Barry.
W. D. Crow.
General I dward S. Salomon.
Kx-Judge K. K. Garber.
T. J. Truman.
H. B. Master*.
George H. 'Williams.
Frederick Stt»ude.
Sheriff" X I. Whelan.
Justice of the Peace Crottzlnjger.
Gavin McNab.
Joseph JLeggett.
George T. Gad en.
J. Frank Pierce.
Thorn** Hubbard Ca«w«>ll.
NEW TO-DAY.
The
Secret's Out!
T
First told in a whisper, now talked pretty-
loud. It's a smoke for the best judges <»f a
good cigar. TO KEEP PACE WITH RE-
DUCTIONS IN ALL OTHER COMMO-
DITIES, THE
Jackson Square
Cigar
Is sold for FIVE CENTS by all dealers.
Strictly Cuban hand made.
RINALDO BROS. & CO.,
PACIFIC COAST AGENTS,
300-302 Battery Street, S. F.
}
Charles It. Fatten.
M. W, Willis.
A. Meyer.
C. K. I.umlstadt.
Kobert Ferril. -.;
George Peck.
Oscar X. shuck.
The iollowing is the concluding para
j graph of a letter from the New York head-
I quarters, received by Messrs. Jones and
I Mascherini last night:
. We hope that you will start this work and
have your meeting at the earliest oossible mo
| meut. We wish to any that you must not feel
bound by any of our recommendations. We
send them only as suggestions, and will be
pleased with whatever methods you adopt in
organizing your chapter of the league. Yours
truly, Ethan Allen.
Speaking of the progress of the move
ment yesteiday. President Jones made
the following official statement:
: :; ;.; ; San Francisco, Feb. 13.
To all Friends and Sympathizers of the Cuban
League: We desire to say to the friends of the
Cuban League that we have overcome many
obstacles and made great progress since we
first undertook the work of organizing aid for
Cuba. Our list now contains more than "00
names. We have secured many committee
men and offers of aid and are about to begin
an active campaign on behalf of the down
trodden Cubans.
We solicit the aid and co-operation of all
friends of Cuba, and desire the names of all
who would aid us in the movement here.
The following letters show the general
feeling as expressed by what cornea in the
mails each day:
San Francisco, Cal., Feb. 2, 1897.
Faust Mascherini, Esq.— Dear Sir: Having
seen enough of Spaniards in Central and
South America to be convinced that Cuban lib
erty is to be desired by humanity, l gladly add
my name to those who are in favor of Cuba j
libra. Respectfully yours, al. Meyer.
824 Howard street, San Francisco.
The following letter from an ex-captain
shows that there is a misapprehension as
to the purposes of the movement here.
Secretary Mascherini said concerning the
writer's proposition: "We are not here
to raise an army or to ask anything against
the laws. To carry out what the writer
asks would get us all in trouble, but he
shows the feeling that exists throughout
the country, only it cannot run into bel- i
ligerency."
The letter referred to Is subjoined and is
as follows:
Winters, Cal., Jan. 15, 1897.
J. H. Jones, San Francisco — Dear Sir: I see
you have been corresponding with the presi • i
dent of the Cuban Junta at New York. Now I i
wish you would send me the address, as I |
want to write to them and I would like to
raise a company and take them to Cuba. I
can raise a company in two weeks. I have al
ready talked to a good many that are willing
to go just as soon as our Government recog
nizes the belligerency of Cuba. I have twice
been a captain and know how to drill and
handle men and lam an old soldier. I was in
the Tenth lowa Infantry, Company V. My
heart and soul ar»» with the poor Cubans. I
pray God to give them the victory. Please
give me any information of Interest you may
think best and oblige. Hoping to hear from
you soon, I am J. O. Jacks.
The following is another letter received
yesterday, and it shows the general cur
rent of feeling which the movement here
has elicited:
Offtck 541 Paerott Building, (
February 12, 1897. \
Faust Mancherini, Secretary Cuban Ltagvs—
DearSik: lam pleased this morning at the
outlook of the great eau^e of Cuba Libre.
The noble stand taken by The Morning Call
is very cheering to all American lovers of
human liberty. My strength is failing and I
cannot go to the field and carry a gun, but my
brain and what energy there is left are at your
disposal. You may command me at any time
or place where my presence and counsel may
in the least assist you in this great work of
freeing those poor suffering patriots in thoir
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 14, 1897.
struggle against the arrogant, blood-thirsty,
murderous Spaniards. Hasten the day when
this Government may see tit to show its love
of liberty and more true Americanism. Go
on, you and your friends and co-workers. All
praise for our noble Mayor Phe^an and The
Calj. May our people respond liberally and
quickly with moral and finuncial support is
the wish oJ your in sympathy, M. W, Willis.
Ii is the purpose of the local league to
co-operate in every particular with the
central body in New York and to pass
such resolutions and tate such steps as
are indicated from time to time by tiie
New York body. Mayor Phelan will
appoint the committee as soon as the local
leaders hand him the names and tell him
the time is ripe for the movement. A
mass-meeting will be held soon after the
appointment of the committee and
speeches will be made by prominent citi
zens. The league does not require that
those who join should favor the move
ment for tnii Government to take an
active part for Cuba. The only condition
is that the number desire the freedom of
the struggling Cubans and oppose the
extension of royalty and Spanish cruelty
on this continent.
Tug-of-War Tournament.
Widespread Interest is already manifested In
the coming big tug-of-war tournament which
is announced for the Mechanics' Pavilion,
commencing the 27th inst. The captains of
the ten team* have selected their men with
great care, and the nations they represent will
have worthy muscular representation. The
rule that requires members of teams to have
been born in the country their team represents
nas resulted in no little confusion, as Home of.
the captains have selected men 01 other na
tionalities because of their peculiar fitness
and experience. The man to suffer most be
cause of this is Captain Duplißseaol the Cana
dian team. Ills famous anchor-man, Bob
Smith, being a native of Ireland, was given
that responsible position in the Irish team, a
change that Captain Hardnesty of the latter
team accepts with undisguised pleasure. Cap
tain Campbell of the Scotch team is exultant
over the acquisition of two new men from
Australia. They are veritable giants in stat
ute and strength, who are expected to do good
work. One of them Is a nephew of Donald
Dinnie, the noted Scotch exponent of brawn
and muscle. -.
• ♦ — «
••Th« Story of Ksther."
A series of six sermons on "The Btory of
Esther" will be delivered in the Howard Pres
byterian Church, on the corner of Oak and
Baker streets, by Rev. F. R. Farrand. The first
one will be given this morning, at 11
o'clock, and continuing each successive Sun
day. The subjects will be "The r east in the
Palace of Sut>a; or, Vsshti Dethroned"; "From
Cottage loPalare; or, Esther Chosen Queen";
"The Agagite and the Jew; or, ttie Pioi Devel
oped"; "Esther's Sacrifice- ; or. Fidelity Test
ed": "The Sleepless Night; or, Providential
Combinations"; "The Tables Turned; or, Ret
ribution."
• — ♦ ■ —
Acknowlkdged superior, the Waltz safes, in
all size*. 109 and 111 Market su, S. F. *
THIEVES LOOTED
THE ALCAZAR
Twice Within a Week
They Stole Thespian
Eelongings.
A Wagon- Load of Costumes and
Make-Up Appliances Are
Missing.
Detectives Fail to Find Any C'ew to
the Marauders— List of Miss
ing Articles.
It is said that lightning never strikes
twice in the same place, but tue same can
not be told of burglars if the experiences
of the Alcazar Theater during the past
week go for anything.
Twice within seven days daring cracks
men have raided the place of amusement.
In each instance they carried away a
goodly load of the belongings of the
actors and actressas who play in the Al
cazar company.
The first burglary took place on Tues
day ni^ht after the performance was over,
and wtien the thenpians came for the
Wednesday night rendition of "The Pro
fes:-oi'' there was wailing and gnashing of
teeth not called for by the text of Ihe
play. The dressing-room was in a sad
state, clothing strewn about, costumes rent
! and man; of the articles missing. Close
scrutiny failed to show how the burglars
effected an entrance, but there was ample
evidence that they had come and gone
and made good use of their time while in
the theater.
Tbe tbespians made purchases of new
costumes and had almost forpotten ike
experience when it was repeated witu
even more serious results. On Friday
evening* tbe enterprising cracksmen
forced the entrance to the basement of
tbe theater and, judging from the appear
ance of the place when the house was
opened in tbe mornine, made a night of it.
The second visit was evidently made
with more deliberation and assurance
than tbe first and they did not overlook
anything portable that was valuable
enough to excite their cupidity.
Charles Bryant mourned the loss o!
three suits of clothes, a pair of tan shoes
and a razor. The latter article was par
ticularly missed, as tbe beard ol the
youthful actor has just begun to make its
appearance and he takes great care not to
let its presenca be known.
Gordon Foster, tht; stage manager, lost
an overcoat and lower garments and also
a razor.
Mr. Lerien will be compelled to replace
a suit of clothes that some cracksman is
now wearing.
Walter Beiasco's alligator valise, which
contained several pairs of gloves and a pair
of gold sleeve-buttons, was missing, and
Francis Bowers' pet neckties accompanied
a pair of trousers.
The ladies of the company fared as badly
a the men, and the to eve? evidently had
an eye to the dainty things in leminine
apparel, judging from the articles that
have thus far been missed.
Miss Tldball lost a handsome cloak, a
chatelaine and a lace pin set with pearls
and diamonds, which she valued very
highly.
Miss Bertha Foltz is minus a lace collar
and Miss coot and Miss Crosby will have
to purchase a new pair of white satin slip
pers each before they can take parts that
call for such footgear.
Miss Bates last a lorgnette and a lace
pin.
Miss Kmmerson bad a Japanese tele
scope basket, but that too is gone, and it
is presumed that the thieves packed the
other stolen articles in it to more easily
remove them from the premises.
Even the makeup materials and appli
ances of the artists were not spared, rouge,
brushes and cosmetics having disappeared
with the more valuable articles, and the
suspicion exists that some impecunious
barnstorming aggregation that is about to
assail the interior towns has taken to the
metnods of the cracksmen to gain the
necessary traveling outfit.
I Two members of the detective force
looked the despoiled dressing-rooms over
yesterday without finding auy clew to the
marauders.
WILL CONTINUE BUSINESS.
A. Cailleau Going East to Make Big
Purchases in t'loakg aud
!»uits.
The many patrons of the well-known
cloak and suit house of Armand Cailleau
will be pleased to know that the circum
stances which prompted the sale now in
progress will not have the effect of forcing
him to retire from the business world.
While a considerable loss has resulted
from hurrying such an immense stock on
the market, Mr. Cailleau should feel rlat
terea with the distinction of havintr given
the money-savers the greatest banquet of
bargains ever known hereabouts.
Mr. Cailleau leaves in a tew days for the
East to negotiate for large supplies of
cloaks and suits of the latest pattern and
design, of which he is acknowledged
authority. Meantime the sale, which has
been a record-breaker for b g values at
big savings to the people, will continue at
his well-known establishment, corner of
Geary street and Grant avenue.
Cued a Frying-Pan.
Michael Frablzo, who lives on Green and
Dnpont streets, went home last night under
the influence oi liquor. He and his mother
in-law had a quarrel and the latter hit him
over the head with a frying-pan, inflicting a
severe scalp wound. Frabizo was xeken to the
Receiving Hospital, where his wounded scalp
was dressed.
An Arm Amputated.
Hans Peterson, a boy 10 years of age, was
playing around a donkey engine in a shipyard
in Souih San Francisco last evening, when his
left arm got caught in the gearwheels. It was
drawn in up to his elbow before the engine
was stopped. The boy was taken to the Re
ceiving Hospital and Dr. Weil amputated the
hrm above the wrist.
Jewelry store. ft and 7 Third street, removed to
303 Kearny street.
NEW TO-DAY.
WASH DRESS
GOODS!
Organdies, Scotch Lappets, Dimities,
Tennis Cloth, Tissue Brode,
1 897 STYLES!
Colorings and designs excel anything
heretofore produced. Our assortment
is very large and well selected— admit-
tedly the best shown in San Francisco.
1 1 is now possible to select from our
stock styles that are equal to goods at
twice the price elsewhere that we ask
for them.
15c, 20c, 25c and 30c Per Yard.
£•> •~lk y*"l /V W A W %
SPECIAL!
Choice flowered designs Zanzibar AT
Drees Lawns, — inches wide, worth 1 -, 1,,
20c I2^C
DRAPERY SHIKI SILK!
NOW
36 inches wide, gilt printed, all Silk, *yC
price was 50c... * Jt
18 inches wide, fancy open work | (\ r
Scrim for Bureau Scurfs, usually sold **-'*■'
at, 20c PER YARD
1897. LADIES' SHIRT WAISTS.
Novel patterns, latest style sleeves and de-
tachable colors, perfect fit and laundry
work,
50«, 75c, $1.09.
COLUMBIA GLOVES.
New line of Colors just received, OUR
perfect fitting and excel- PRICE
lent wearing quality, (t» _. _
up-to-date in embroidery 2n1.0fl
and finish equal in every *** * * v v
respect to any $1 50 Glove.
THE AMERICAS QUEKN, a new
monthly publication, profusely
illustrated, with latent fashions,
similar to Horn* Journal, ready
march 1, will be mailed free, to
ladles sending their name and ad-
dress promptly to either of our
stores.
KOHLBERC,
STRAUSS &
FROHMAN,
107 AND 109 POST STREET
1220-1222-1224 Market St.
»EW TO-DAT-DRT GOOD-*
NEW SILKS *
:e*oh. —
SPRING 1897
We have now on exhibition our first ship-
ment of NEW SILKS for Spring wear. Our
importation this season includes a full as-
sortment of FOULARDS in all the new col-
orings, Fancy Changeable ARMURES in new
designs, Plain Changeable ARMURES in
new colorings, Changeable TAFFETAS in all
the latest combinations, and a full line of
Plain TAFFETAS in the newest shades.
special • y
50 pieces 24-INCH FOULARDS, in Navys,
Browns, Greens, Gobelin and Black
grounds,
_^j! LQO ■ m
TELEPHONE GKR,.A.NT IS*.
111, 113. 115, 117, 119. 121 POST STRfcfcf.
THESEARETHREETHINGS
' YOU CAN REMEMBER—
ft Largest Stock,
3 Largest Stock,
Largest Store, i
y Lowest Prices,
MD WE SELL FOR CASH OR OX TBE
EASIEST TIME PAYMENTS.
FURNITURE for Four Rooms $75 00 j
OAK BED SETS, eleven pieces 24 50
ASH BED SETS, eleven pieces 2160
TAPESTRY CARPETS, per yard 56
LINOLEUMS, per yard 45
MATTINGS*, per yard 10
No. 7 STOVES AND RANGES 7 50
BLANKETS, per pair 150
COMFORTERS 1 00
SIX-FOOT EXTENSION TABLES 4 00
KITCHEN CHAIRS 50
WE HAVE 2 ACRES OF FLOOR SPACE.
j. nsrooisr -ajst,
1017-1019-1021-1023 Mission Street.
516-518-520-522 Minna Stree i.
Above Sixth.
Phone, Jessie 4L Open Evenings.
Philadelphia
1 Shoe CO. No, 10 Third St.
M STAMPED ON A SHOE MEANS STANDARD OF MERIT
NOBBY, rfi ..
STYLISfI. ivSv V
ONLY $2.0). IJK^^aPt
WILL STAND THE TEST.
Our competitors orien claim that they
soil as Kood shoes for the money a-s we do.
Don't take • heir word for tt. or ours either.
Bat judge for yourself, compare our shoes
and prices with others before purchasing-
We know what the result will be. Our
Shoes will >tnnd the text, and that
Is how we have built up our 1 up" tat lor.
Special for this week: Ladles' Extra Vine
Vici Kid Button Shoes, Cloth or Kl ■ Tops,
Razor or Medium Square Toes and V-
shaped Patent Leather Tii'S, Circular
Vamps and Heel Foxing, Flexible Soles,
Hevrrsed Button Flies. Reduced during
I this sale to V'j.OO Thislineis romp. we.
new, nobby and stylish. Why buy odds
and ends elsewhere when you can buy
such a bargain here for less money'.'
tfS~ Country orders solicited.
A3" Send lor New Illustrated Catalogue.
Address ;*'>-'■
B. KATCHINSKI,
PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO.,
1O Third St.. San Frnnolton.
THE PAINTER
HAS REMOVED TC
579 Mission st.
Four
1
Important
Sales
This Week.
We will offer our entire line
of PERSIAN GLASSWARE,
Consisting of A
TUMBLERS, GOBLETS, |
POONERS, CREAMERS, I
BUTTER DISHES, -— -
SUGAR BOWLS, f%
COMPORTS, NAPPYS, J Pnino
BERRY DISHES, Etc., at ™ rMUB
NO PREACHING NEEDED
To convince yon that we will sell our
COMBINATION Pl) n
POCKET BOOKS |ju
Assorted Leathers, B
Regular Price If if  ,
85c, $1 and $1.25, for^^ fiaCll
I ECONOMY & Ik tha keynote • < -?«J L
"HURD'S" 4 I" a
IRISH LINEN. II Kb
j 24 Sheets Paper, 111
24 Envelopes for I %Jr
\ 400 FORTUNATE WOMEN
That come promptly this week will get our
FOUR-BUTTON fk ffk
Kid Gloves, OIIC
In Black, Tan, Oil
I Mode and Slate, ' for"'" Pair
718 MARKET STR/HJHIT.
WEAK MEN AND WOMEN.
ji CURES AS IF
BY MAGIC*
/^Bgps^i£^. Send for book that t»!ls
AKUHUJHMtJSm^^ bow full Manly or Woman-
lIJ/fAf* >3W5.; i . < a ly Vigor is quickly and per-
JJffivffiM ft gjjHPriara manently restored. It tells
H^Hu • I ** i /S93'ia'» oW strength is given to
FWlsr'^^ 6^ parc of the DOd y.
W£lS2& -Al&^tSwan 0 "' to eeC health and how
wtjOfr *? \*^Bio keep it. Sent free oa
f?v^ *"'* !l PP' lcat '' o^ Staled."
W^o^W The Virchow Electric Co.,
100 Stockton Street,
ERraOTDR. BJLI'S REMVIGOWTOi^
K%V^s^ nve liundred reward lor any ens- w«
bB« B* cannot core. THIS SECRET KEM-
HDR. stops all 'losses In 24 hour*
Klve tiundred reward lorinycaiewi
cannot enra THia SECRET KE.M-
Ko\ stop* all losses in 24 hoars,
Mi WS cures Emissions, Impoiency, Varlco-
ffitt Jmt celtil Uouori <«». Uleet, Fits, StriJ-
liljiJ kiUj tnres. Blood Disease and all wa*un«
||9 E^ effects of sell- Abuse or Exce3se>
Sent sealed. $2 per bottle, TURaJ
BOTTLES, fS°- euaranteed to euro any c»-so.
. DK, BALL'S UEOICAL IN3TlTrujfhi
»65 Broadway. Oakland. Cat
All prlTa W disease* quickly cui«d. bawl .'«
On book.RARE RELICS OF THE FAMOUS CAHROC INDIANS OF C ALIFORNIA
OR^tiERB has just been placed on ex
| Ltion in the Aborigines room of
Jlf* :lie museum at Golden Gate Park a
collection of objects which were formerly
iho property of certain individual mem
bers of the Cahroc tribe of California
Indiana. The aggregation is the result of
• nearly forty years of patient continuous
accumulation through purchase and gifts,
direct from the Indian?, ny John Daggett,
Superintendent of tue Mint, who has
lately donated the collection entire to the
museum.
Mr. Daggett has lone been a niine
owncr within tho territory of the original
habitat of these Indians, and from the
beginning of nis acquaintanceship with
them he has been tneir friend. He has
employed them, advised ihem, assisted
them. He is a great chief in tneir es
teem. Sympathizing with his penchant
for Ihe acquisition of objects of their use,
they exploited all sources in search of
them and brought them to him, some
times for pay, when parting with the par
ticular thing would otherwise entail too
.great a draft upon their resources, bui
. often they were bestowed eagerly as a
tribute of their regard.
The collection is believed to be the most
extensive in existence :ipj ertaining to a
single tribe of Indians. It has the further
feature of not being a body of hit and miss
curiosities, each without relation to the
"other, but it is a mute, descriptive record,
.a consecutive chain of silent evidence re
vealing all that obtains in the life of the
■/ 'aliroc Indian. Every utensil or tool or
..irticle which enters into his domestic or
histrlbal existence, the seeds of his food,
ttie weapons of his chase, the fantastic
trinkets and habiliments of his festal
celebrations or his funeral solemnities, all
are numbered among the five hundred or
! more objects which comprise the exhibit.
Nor has this protracted and exhaustive
endeavor to collate the implements and
accouterments of this nation of savaee
Californians been of worth grpater than
rhe merit of the people would deserve.
* .The Cahrocs of all the California Indians
■ were and are the most entitled to civilized
regard. To the miserable "diggers" of
Central or Southern California they were
superior in every particular. In the vari
ous qualities in which as Indians they
excelled they approached more nearly the
Tuscaroras or tiie Iroquois of the Atlantic
slope or the Chero-kees of the middle
West. For in California there was usually
throughout among the native tribes
squalor, nakedness, darkness; they were
Ihe human animal. Vary, indeed, they
did, for as you entered the zone of aridity
' the environment of the poor human
creature became more scanty and barren,
anU as you approached the well-watered
and wood areas of the north his condition
• . correspondingly relaxed.
It is to the circumstance of natural sur
roundings, therefore, more than to any
other cause that the superior qualities
.. -arid characteristics of the Cahrocs were
-. due. Though they number now only
. . about 700 souls and are all resident upon
the Hooj ah Reservation, yet in the days of
. lastcral California they roamed the wide
country in what is now Siskiyou County,
' bordering on the south bank of the
• Klania;h and between the Trinity and
the Salmon rivers.
In this broad arf>a, bounded upon three
■ by streams ol white froth and blue
A crystal, in which swam the salmon and
■ tie trout, the country surface broken by
. mountains in which roamed in bands the
. numerous deer and eik, this region was
the country of the Cahrocs ; above them I
THE STORY OF THE UTICA MINE
Iyf was at least ten years af'»r my first I
■i acquaintance with Robert Eames that j
JJ 1 began to take notice of his sineular ]
peculiarities. We met first upon the deck |
of a sailing vessel, the Nancy Star, a-? we
were leaving the harbor of New York
"both profoundly stirred by reflections of ■
thafwhich we were leaving behind us—
home, family and friends, and speculating
upon the probabilities of tne future and
what it had in store for us. I believe that
a. tear forced itself from my eyes at this
•moment, and unwilling that a display of
unmasculine weakness should b • observed
I turned to my berth, but was arrested by
a remark of a fellow-passenger, who said
"THE MINE IS THERE! THE SPIRIT LEADS ME."
that he came from a portion of the
'State contiguous to my own and that he
had embraced the first chance of becom
inc acu tainted with me.
1 knew him at once, though I had never
Aokpn to h;m before, but his funnily was
<m ■ well Known in our county and con
ffclered most rrpatable.
The acquaintance thus began soon
ripened in the constrained atmosphere of
the siiip to a close intimncy. Both*" of us
were just of age, each was in the prime of
early manhood, and as we knew each
other better we found a sympathetic
unioa of ideas influencing us, and long
before our arrival at San Francisco we bad
I were the Alodocs. below them and extend
| ing to the sea coast the Euhrocs. The
three names have a signilicance in the
Indian language— Modoc, "head of the
river"; Cabroc, "up the river," and
Euhroc, "down the river."
Food of the animal sort abounded, but
not less so than that of the vegetable king
dom. Above the clustered antelope nod
ded the pinon pine, rich with its large
cones, at the base of whose many scales
were the edible and nutritious seeds.
Hemming the forests grew the nianzanita
ehrub, with its wealth of berries, and the
' acorns, which to the Indians are a staple
j comparable to wheat in the civilized esti
j mation, fell irom trees whose dark thou
sands stretched over areas measurable
only by the scale of miles.
Toe Cahrocs were not nomadic. They
lived in tixed residences, grouped in vil
lages, always on the river bank. In the
exhibit are thirty or more photographs
showing these villages, their huts and
j their inhabitants. They had a peculiar
way of constructing a house. A large
round excavation, three or four feet in
i depth, was dug in the earth. About the
j sides of this were driven long poles whose
j ends were bent toward the center, in
! which position they were held by withes
jor sinews, and sometimes they were
j threaded, basket fashion, witn ferns. The
ends were trimmed to leave a circular
manhole in the center, whereupon the
mound was covered with earth to the
depth of several inches. A notched pole
was planted in the middle, which sus
tained the roof and provided a stairs, for
in ana out this hole, which served alike
for ingress of inmates and egress of smoke,
and down and up this pole the Indians
crawled like rats.
In this house they slept. In it during
winter they prepared their food and the
smoke with which it was always tilled gave
them sore eyes, one of the ever present
diseases of the tribe.
It was to this hut that the Cahroc gal
lant brought his newly purchased bride.
She was often pretty, for the Cahroc belles
are described as being pleasing even to
the Anglo-Saxon eye. With smooth hazel
skin, hazel brilliaut almond eyes, ovai
laces with red showing in the cheeks, full
figures, ample and well shaped busts and
rounded limbs, such a bride would be
i worthy ol purchase anywhere, and among
I the Cahrocs they came high. They were
; the property of their fathers and they
i were sold for value in money or other
j chattels. The greater the price the pater
| nal autocrat set upon them 'he more they
I were esteemed by their purchasing spouses
i and by society.
Tne only limit fixed to the number of
wives a man might accumulate was the
length of his strings of alncochick, the
number of his whits deerskins or the
; scalps of his red-topped woodpeckers.
i The first and last of these were currency
j and many specimens of both are shown in
| the Daggett collection. Allicochick are
' the shells which conchologists call denta
lum from their resemblance to teeth.
1 They are made by a genus of marine mol
lusks. The shell is long, tabular and coni
: cal. They were never attainable in their
! native state by the Cahrocs, but were se
cured in exchange from the Euhrocs, who
were partially a sea-going tribe.
Upon the length of the-e shells depended
their monetary worth. Unless they m as
ured irom the base to the tir&t joint of the
middle finger— a length of about two
inches— they were not specie, but useful
as fringe and n cklace ornaments. The
capitalists of the community invariably
had bars tattooed upon their arms, which
mutually agreed to join for.unes and to
stick together in our quest of riches so
long as fate compelled our remaining in
the Golden West. This was early in the
fifties, and for ten long and laborious
years we had loyally stood by each other
in sickness and in health, through good
and evil report and in all the mischances
of a miner's career. Tne end of the first
decade after our arrival found us fairly
weli to do. United our fortunes amounted
to $25,000. We had sold our la*t claim,
and with no interests in the interior we
decided to visit San Francisco and to taste
again some of the comforts and joys of
civilized lite and to take for a time a com
I plete respite from the harassing cares and
uncertainties inseparable from a minor's
occupation.
A rest of three months left us with ade
terminr.tion to embark in some enter
prises for which we were both calculated,
an'l after considering careiully the merits
of many locations, we came to the con
clusion to prospect™ To describe our
weary tramps over the great quartz re
gions would be simply to repeat an experi
ence familiar to hundreds of thousands,
but after three months' industrious search,'
we finally located a claim in the upper aitN
tudes of Calaveras County, a country
which had up to that time been neglected
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 14, 1897.
were servicable in computations of tins
sort. Tbe woodpecker medium, valued at
about $5 per *calp, was required to be of a
particular variety of woodpecker, lor there
were several of the species. Tl.e bird must
be a big fellow with a blacir bili, tbe red of
his bead bordered with black and no other
color. He was prized because he is ex
ceedingly difficult to shoot, is rarely trans
fixed upon an arro^v and even seldom
brought down by a shotgun.
The Cahrocs solved in a simple manner
the question of property possession and
transmission by heredity, which now ap
by the early prospectors, but which dis
played splendid surface indications of
riches hidden beneath the eround.
The way we finally decided upon this
locality made a deep impression upon my
mind, especially when the future came
with its after developments.
Ten days before we arr.ved upon the
spot, my partner, Eames, suddenly threw
bis pack from his shoulders and shouted
frantically:
"It is here! It is here!"
"What is here?" I replied rather
ungraciously, the sudden change of my
partner from depression to frantic joy had
so startled me.
"Ourmine," my partner answered. "It is
around here. We will find it if we search."
"How do you know?" was my next in
quiry.
"Because I have seen this place before.
It is all clear to me now. They have
guided me here and are pointing their
fingers toward the hill. They have prom
ised to lead me to wealth. Come on.
They are going before us. Let us follow."
In every other respect but this hallucin
ation about the unseen guide Eames was
quite himself. He shared the labors of
each day and in all of our conversations
no evidence of mental incapaciiy wa9 ob
servible. Pity and ?orrow for his strange
delusions qjite overpowered me at. times.
He, however, confidently asserted that
n stead of his being the mad one it
was J who was deluded. He would
prove, lie said, that the euide which
was leading him would not betray. We
would both be convinced of the truth be
fore long.
For a week after this conversation we
dragged our way over the pathless ranges,
myself the victim of the most violent de
pression, but "Bob" as nopeful and deter
mined as possible. Utterly fagged with
both mental and physical fatigue 1 ono day
threw inyse f upon the ground and swore
that I would no longer follow this silent
guide. Bob, prsyed, begged and appealed
to our loyal friendship that we should
stay together just a little longer, and then
we agreed that if in two more days the ob
ject of our bearch was not attained he
would consent to its Abandonment. The
next morning a ray from tne rising sun
shone upon a rock standing up from the
mountain's side about half a mile distant
from our camp.
"There is our mine, George. That is the
rock they have been pointing to for a week
past," said Eames.
The hope that the mirage that
my friend had been following for so long
was at last at its vanishing point nerved
me to follow his hurried footsteps with
my pick and hammer, only anxious to
know how cruelly he bad been deceived
into following intangible guides and
hoping tbat this sad experience would
cure my faithful friend of bis unhappy
malady. I saw him from a distance strike
the rock with his pick and eagerly grasp
the fragments. Then I saw him spring
into the air with a glad shout and fall to
the ground as if dead.
A CAHROC INDIAN CHIEF.
pears in such a painful manner to vex
civilized scciety. They buried the pos
sessions with the owner's body. There
was, therefore, no property left by the de
ceased to produce quarrels and engender
bad blood nniong his kindred. Eyery man
was the architect of bis own fortune; and,
as women were sold! it enme to pass that,
those who possessed nearly all the wealth
of the community being the old men, the
young and pretty girls were selected by
the ancient wealthy males, while the
youn>: and poor men were compelled to
mate with the crones, the harridans, the
With trembling limbs I approached the
«pot, a prey to the most dreadful antici
pations, but I found my friend not dead,
but alive and laughing for joy.
•'They are true guides. Look at that
rock," said he.
My friend had good grounds for his ex
travagant and hysterical elation. The
bowlder from which he had broken a great
piecj was solid quartz, with veins of pure
gold extending in every direction. Night
saw that rock broken into a thousand
pieces, and for days afterward we were
busy crushing the fragments and extract
ing the free goM. In all, our treasure
yielded us over 100 ounces, even with our
imperfect method of extraction. Our sea
son's work had been successful and I
urged a return to the bay.
My friend assented, and that night we
packed our belongings and prepared for
an early start. The visions that haunted
the mind of my partner seemed to have
been driven away in the tumultuous ex
citement which accompanied our find of
the bowlder and subsequent labors, and
I had hoped they would trouble us
no more. The nieht passed in the pro
foundest slumber, but in the morning Bob
asserted that bis guide had again ap
peared and had told him to search. Noth
ing could persuade him to disobey the
unseen messenger, and I consented to
wait
We did search the locality far and wide.
Nothing escaped our watchful observation
and we were rewarded. We found where
the bowlder hat become detached, and
only a short distance from the surface dis
covered the vein exposed — the source of
our present wealth.
Until winter came with its fierce blasts
we remained with our mine. Not a soli
tary prospector had disturbed us during
all tliat summer. Our share of gold with
which we t:ad commenced the summer's
work had doubled.
We brought the first news of the great
discovery of ours, and early in the suc
ceeding summer we again started for the
camp. But we were not alone. Thou
sands who had learned of the rich quartz
b'nd in Calavercs County came after us,
nnd thus was Angel Camp founded. We
called our mine the Utica, after our home
in New York, and sold it afterward at a
sum which realized our greatest anticipa
tions. At this day it is the most produc
tive gold mine in the State and distributes
to its already rich stockholders over
$100,000 every month.
It is possible that we should have re
tained possession of the Utica but for a
sad affliction whic i befell my friend, Bob.
A disorder manifested itself in his eyes
and gradually he became totally blind.
He vehemently asserted the reality of the
euidos, and derided the possibility of a de
lusion on hi j part. They were visible to
him even when the sight of his eyes be
came obstructed. To him they were tan
gible creatures. Without them, he a»
serte i, we should never have discovered
our way. to riches. The subject was dis
trossing to me, and finally was dropped
between us. I took him to San Francisco
and visited an eminent oculist, who cured
him. He said that Bob had what is
known as senile cataract, and that strange
visions wore an accompaniment of the
disease. Twenty years afterward Bob
told me he had seen no spirits since the
cataract was cut away from bis eyes.
caat-offs. who could be had for nothing
and who were a drug on the market. Thus
was attained by the admirable stroke of
an economic policy the effect sought to be
secured through the medium of religion
by the founder ol the Oneida Society of
New Yorfc.
But this enormous social function and
power cf money among the Cahrocs made
the young men thieves, so that they are
described as being as adroit and subtle in
filching with their "prickers and stealers"
as any of the nimble - fingered gentry
whom civilization has trained to dexter
SCIENCE AIDS THE VETERAN.
i^\fj^ OLD veteran of the Union army,
Uiak i living in this City, who has been
4\"lts» suffering for forty years from in
juries received in the Civil War, was re
cently struck with the happy thought
that the X ray might be made a more
effectually influential friend to him than
any heretofore induced to work in his be
half. He is so much elated with the suc
cess of his appeal to this new agency that
he wishes the news to reacn a wide circu
lation, so that haply many other old vet
erans with similar cases to his own may
learn of the u-e to ■which he put the radio
graph and profit by bis example.
The veteran is A. A. McLean, who was
a member of the Calfornia Cavalry Battal
ion, attached to the Second Massachusetts
Cavalry. This body of 500 men was the
only organized troop that went East from
California to serve in the Union army.
Mr. McLean was in tiny-two engage
ments, aud among a number of other
wounds received a severe one in his right
foot, which has been greater pain and im
pediment to him than all the others. On
the occasion of this painful injury his
horse was shot under him, and falling
violently upon the hard ground caught
the rider's foot beneath the crushing
weight. Mr. McLean was borne from the
field insensible His foot baa been in
jured, and the peculiarity was that it gave
no external evidence of the extent and
permanence of the detriment, so as to en
able a physician to give positive testi
mony to the fact, and thus enable the vet
eran to draw a pension, to which he was
clearly entitled if the proof of his disable
ment could be put before the Pension
Office in proper shape.
The problem of how to prove to the offi
cers of the Government thai the damaged
foot was a permanent impediment to his
activity has at las: been solved by the X
ray. Mr. McLean had his foot photo
graphed by a powerful instrument in the
office of Dr. E. 8. de Puy, with the result
that the internal condition of the foot is
shown so clearly that any competent
physician can now positively certify that
the injury to the foot is so great as to be
reason sufficient to demand for the vet
eran a pension.
This radiograph of McLean's foot has
been admitted as evidence by the Pension
Office and his claim riled for a hearing.
It is the first case of the kind from this
coast and the second on record at the Pen
sion Office. McLean supposed that he
was the hrst to think of introducing such
evidence, but in reply to his application
his lawyer sent him a letter saying he was
the second on record fend incloning the
following clipping from a Washington
paper:
The X ray has made its appearance at the
Pension Office. Abraham Sllverstein of New
York, tiled a photograph as proof in his claim,
showing how all the bones of his wrist were
shattered by a bullet wound. The external
appearance failed to convince the surgeons of
the fact, but the X radiograph is conclusive.
Thit is the first instance when the X ray has
been used in proving a pension claim.
Up to a very recant date toe courts,
ity. Their slyness was comparable only
to that of the coyote.
There was one feature in their civil sys
tem, however, which doubtless saved
them a great deal of trouble, and whose
benefits were twofold: First, if a husband
did not, after some experience, feel satis
fied with his wifa he could return her to
her father and receive his money back,
and second, he could with impunity kill
his mother-in-law. For any one else
whom he might be pleased to kill, how
ever, he must with sreed indemnify the
relatives of such person, else his own life
would be taken in reprisal. A few strings
of allicochick, equal in purchasing power
to about three 3 ? ears' labor of one man,
were deemed ample satisfaction for such
an injury.
Thus private revenge was the only pun
ishment which met the commission of
the crime of murder, and as it was profit
able for this to be vented it occurred that
a man had more concern evinced at the
manner of his demise than was given to
the method of his living. It was reckoned
that so long as one should continue to
live he could look out for himseif and his
property, and visit upon his offenders
such punishment as he considered their
crimes deserved ; but this he could not do
if the offense inflicted him with death.
The wealthiest man of the tribe was
entitled to be its chief. But his powers
were advisory, not coercive. r£e had no
means to enforce bis suggestions. The
recipients of his views miirht accord their
conduct to them or not, and Infrequently
they did not. His official functions ap
pear to have been anomalous, which was
due to the fact of the tribe being a peace
loving one. Such was not the case with
warlike tribes.
Among the articles in the collection are
about twenty-rive baskets made by the
women of ferns, bark and roots. The
Cahrocs excelled In this art, and all the
designs which the Navajos put into their
blankets and the Oregon Klamaths shaped
into their bead work appear here woven
in the fibers of these baskets. The de
signs are artistic, often intricate, some
times involving geometrical figures, a
product which for excellence in workman
ship and ornamentation is not to be ex
celled by any civilized artisan of the craft.
Many of the baskets displayed are hats,
others are sip-nooks or trinket baskets,
yet others are shaped as the inverted
frustum of a cone, as receptacles borne
upon the backs of squaws sustained by a
ba^d attached to either side and spread
around the forehead of the carrier. Other
baskets are the mcasements of papooses
as transported upon their mother's backs,
and still others are large ovate affairs with
bemi-slobular lids, used as trunks or for
storago purposes.
The ceremonial costumes, comprising
buckskin jackets and aprons deeply
fringed with their strips of buckskin,
heavily si rung with fragments oi the iri
descent shell of the haliotis, embellished
with festoons of eepe seeds, with feathers
of the blue quail, all comprising trappings
of gorgeous wealth and pompous ostenta
tion, the otter sKin bands for the feminine
coiffures, necklaces of shells and berry
Leads, besides soapstone ollas, the Indian
water vessel, and the chisels, hatchets
allicochick purses of elkhorn are numer
ous and curious enough in the cabinet.
But among the most interesting of the
departments is that devoted to the wea
pons of the chase and the snares for game.
There are a number of bows, spears and
crrows, with their heads oi obsidian, tal
cose slate and bane and agate chi.-eis for
chipping the heads; fishing nets woven
through a 'strange reverence for pre
cedent, had reiused to admit as evidence
the testimony of this wonderfnl X ray,
which can see through barriers impene
trable to human eyes; but Judge Le Fever
of the Colorado Superior Court has deliv
ered a decision in Denver upon a mal
practice case which admits the radiograph
as evidence. This breaks the ice of
hindrance from lack of precedent, and
the X ray will hereafter penetrate into
sucied precinct 3of the courts to enlighten
them on points which, without its aid,
would remain enshrouded in darkness.
It is probable that this decision by the
court influenced the Pension Office in the
resolution to accept such evidence from
the old soldiers, and in this connection it
will be of interest to read Judge Le
Fever's dslivery on the subject. It is as
follows:
During the last decade at least, no science
McLEAN'S RIGHT FOOT, SHOWING INJURIES.
has made such mighty strides forward as sur
gery. It is eminently a scion lilic profession,
alike interesting to the learned and the un
learned. It makes use of all i-cience and learn
ing. It has thus been of inestimable service
to mankind. It must not be said of the law
that it is so wedded to precedent that it will
not lend a helping band. Rather let tne courts
throw open the door to well-considered sci
entific discoveries. Modern science bas made
it possible to Icok beneath the »,issuesof the
human body, and has aided surgery In telling
of the hidden mysteries. We believe it to be
our duty In tliis case to be the first, if you
please to consider it, in admitting in evidence
a process known aud acknowedged as a deter
minate science. It may so^vo a present condi
tion; the exhibits will be admitted in evi
dence.
The radiograph of Mr. McLean's foot
shows depression of the tarsai bones and
impairment of the plantar arch. This de
of twisted grass fiber, and like heavy rop B
trarjs for deer, in which bear are some
times caught. A skin of the face and
skull of the bear are present, testifying its
past use as a disguise. Witn ihis and a
bear robe an Indian might approach very
close to a band of deer. In sucii manner
they captured, much of their game, as ia
order to make certain the shot of an ar
row the sportsman mu--t be much nearer
his quarry than if armed with a rifle.
One of the curious modes of decoying
game is to fasten to the ankles, Mercury
fashion, some strips of marten or other
fur, and thus protected by the tall grass
creep softly afield in direction of the
antelope. When approach has been made
as far as caution will allow, the hunter
rests upon his shoulders, his raised legs in
the air kicking vigorously, the skin
streamer curving in gyrating antics. Thi3
does not frighten the beasts, but it stirs
their curiosity; they move close to the
wiggling things to inquire what t^ey are;
then when very near they stand around
and look at it. They do not gaze long,
however, for in another inßtant the other
end of Indian is up and he has an arrow
in the biggest buck.
But perhaps an object which suggests
the most pathetic memories is a picture
of the temescal with the ancient medicine
man standing close beside it. This house
is a sweat cabiuet where the sick go to rid
themselves of their disturbing humors,
the internal pains of which they believe
to be occasioned by gnawing snakes smug
gled into them through the spells of
malignant witches. They have only two
or three medicines in the nature of vege
table specifics, their chief treatment for
diseases being the sweat bath. The temes
cal is almost air tight. Fire is built within
it early in the fall and ia kept up until
spring. Healthy women, except the old
medicine crones, are not permitted to
enter it. The afflicted submits himself to
this sudorific corrective and when the
exudations have become excessivo, if he is
able to move, he rushes out into the open
air and plunges into the river.
If in spite of each peculiar remedy tho
patient insists upon dying he is "decently
interred." All his trappings and effects
! which comprise his wealth are put upon
j his body in the most effective full-dress
fashion. His allicochick is wound around
his neck, his ''Boston money" is crammed
into his mouth. The knees are then
pressed up against the chest, the body en
tirely covered with ht3 best deerskin or
bear robe and securely bound with sinew.
The stout chief then throws this upon
bis bacK and heads a procession of the
tr be moving toward the burial cave.
While en route he strikes up a doleful
tune in a song, in which he recounts tha
many virtues of the deceased and be
wails his loss. In this lamentation all
voices join. When the cave is reached
the bundle is deposited therein in a sit
ting position, the song is ended, and
thenceforth no man dare, under punish
ment of death, utter the name of the de
ceased.
In the Jong study which Mr. Dapgett
has made of these Indians, his intimate
associations and deep sympathy with
them have enabled him to present this
most curious and interesting of the Cali
fornia tribes with a completeness only at
tainable through such diligence as his ef
forts have engaged. He has prepared
two lectures upon the subject, which ne
illustrates with his lantern views, and
wbich he expects soon to deliver; and he
will in time, doubtless, present his re
searches to the public in a formal publica
tion. John E. Bennett.
pression of the bones cause 3an unusual
and unequal pressure upon the terminal
nerve filaments contained in the inter
articular cartilages, and the result is great
pain and interference with motion. When
an experienced surgeon sees this picture
he knows at once that the applicant for
the pension does not exaggerate in stat
ing that the pain is so acute and tue diffi
culty of locomotion so great as to entitle
him to the pension lor disabled veterans.
Without this piciure the penMon 'Ulcers
might have firmly believed Uw «• ... .jU ant's
representations, but the testimony neces
sary for compliance with the lnw could
not have been obtained, and the veteran
of many battles would have had to bear
his lifetime pain without even the
mitigation of the moderate pension al
lowed for such cases.
Speaking of the great benefits now
being conferred on humanity by the dis
covery of the X ray, Mr. McLean men
tioned that his lather had carried a bullet
lodged in his hip for forty years, to his
serious inconvenience and pain, Ii had
to be dressed twice a day. Had he lived
in the days of the skiagraph the ballet
ould have been readily located and the
bullet extracted. The time of exposure
to the X ray in takinp tbis picture of "the
injured loot was \ /, 1 minutes.
The result of Mr, McLean's successful
plan of getting his case before the . Pen
sion Office in effective shape will probably
be thai many more veterans oi the Civil
War will learn how to make their true
condition unmistakably known, so as to
draw the increased pensions they are en
titled to. If this is accomplished it will
gladden the heart of veteran AlcLean, for
it was with such hope for motive that he
told. his story to a representative of Thi
Call.
1718
M'^ISAD VESTURES? Wall, if I were
ft an author by profession I could
_3 make a pretty big book of tne ad
ministrative mishaps which befell me
during the three years I spent in Corsica
as legal adviser to the French Prefecture.
Here is one which will probably aam-c
you:
I had just entered upon my duties at
Ajaccio. One morning I was at the club,
readiDg the papers which iiad just arrived
from P.iris, when the Prefect's man
servant brought me a note, hastily written
in pencil: "Come at once; I want you.
"We have got the brigand, Quastana." I
uttered an exclamation of joy and went off
as fast as I could to the Prefecture. 1
must tell you that, under the Empire, the
arrest of a Corsicau banditto was looked
upon as a brilliant exploit, and meant
promotion, especially if you threw a cer
tain dash of romance a!x>ui it in your
official report.
Unfortunately brigands had become
scarce. The people were getting more
civilized nnd the vendetta was dying out.
If by chance .1 man did kill another in a
row, or do something which raade it ad
visable for him to keep c: ar of the nolice,
he generally bolted to Sardinia instead of
tarn ing brigand. This was not to our
likine; for no brigand, no promotion.
However, our Prefect had succeeded in
rinding one; he was an old rascal. Quas
tanaby name, who to avenge the murder
of his brother had killed goodness knows
how many teople. He had been pursued
with vigor, but had escaped, and after a
time the hue and cry had subsided and
he had been forgotten. Fifteen years had
passed, and the man had lived in
sion ; but our Prefect, having heard of the
affair and obtained a clew to his where
abouts, endeavored to capture him, wiih
no more success than his predecessor
We were beginning to despair of our pro
motion; you can imagine how pleased I
was to receive the note from my chief.
THE FIRST MATE'S LOS T FI NGER
Thrilling Tale of a Whaling Cruise That Ended in a Long Night
of j^orror
CfH^HEYhad "risen" whales — a perfect
¥l"'v ' cilo °- of tnem — miles ahead, early
t/l?$ in the afternoon. The Der went was
a "clean ship," so there was hurry to be
away after the •'fish," even though it
meant a long pall to windward. Two
boats lowered, the first and second mate?
in charge, respectively. There was little
wind, and, but for the long ocean swell,
the sea was calm.
A hard tug at the oar« brought tnem up
with their prey. Both boats were soon
"fast" and traveling swiftly away in con-
"IT WAS JOHNSON, FRANTICALLY WAVING HIS FREE ARM."
trary directions, in tow of big wha.es.
The second mate was fortunate; De soon
killed his fisb, and proceeded to tow the
carcass to the ship, which had worked up
within three miles of them w hen they ad
ministered the coup de grace. By the
time they got to the vessel it was dark,
and, in the excitement of securing the
whale alongside, those on board io^t sight
QUASTANA,
THE BRIGAND.
f I found him in his study talking very
I confidentially to a man 01 true Corsicau
! peasant type.
"This is Quastana's cousin." said the
Prefect to me in a low tone. "He lives in
ihe little village of Solenzara, just above
Porto Vecchio, ana the brigand pays him
a visit every Sunday evening to have a
game of scopa. Now it seems that these
j two had some words tb? otne-r Sunday and
! this fellow has determined to have re-
I venge; so he proposes to hand his cousin
j over to justice, and, between you and me,
[I believe he means it. But as I want to
i make tne capture myself, ana in as brii
j liant a manner as possible, it is advisable
; to take precautions in order not to expose
j the Government to ridicule. That's what
I I want you for. You are quite a stranger
! in the country and nobody knows you; 1
want you to go and sea for certain if it
really is Quastana who goes to this man's
house."
"But I have never seen this Quastana,"
I beean.
My chief pulledout his pocket-book and
i drew forth a photograph much worse for
wear.
"Here you are!" he exclaimed. "The
I rascal had the cheek to have his portrait
1 taken last year at Porto Vecchio!"
While we were looking at the photo the
peasant drew near, and I saw his eyes
flasli veugetully ; but the look quiefcly van
ished and his fate resumed ita usual stolid
; appearance.
"Are you not afrnid that the presence of
i a stranger will frighten your couein and
1 make him stay away on the following
' Sunday ?' we asked.
"No!" renlied tne man. "He is too
fond of cards. Besides, there are many
new faces about tere now on account of
the shooting. PL say that this gentleman
■ has come for me to show him where the
game is to bs found."
Thereupon wo made an appointment
for the next Sunday, and the fellow
of the other boat, which, when last seen,
was miles away, but still "fast."
• *♦•••#
The mate had hitched on to a regular
tartar, which, when struck, had startfd off
by "sounding" till nearly all tin line
was out. Then he appeared on top again,
but be'ore they could haul up to him he
was off once more at racing speed, drag
ging them away from the ship. So the
conflict went on. As the arternoon drew
to a dose the question of cutting clear was
discussed, but the majority applied the
Yankee whalers' dictura, "a stove boat or
a dead whale," and held that the fish
could not Ja-t much longer, and that
the night being fine, the ship would
soon pick them up. It was nearly dark
when they sot up to him and made play
with the lances till he "spouted thick
blood." Then came the "flurry" and a
short, mad rush. Eve the crew could pull
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 14, 1897.
walked off without the least compunction
for his dirty trick. When he was pone
the Prefect impressed upon me the neces
sity for keening the matter vary quiet, be-
I cause he intended that nobody else should
share the credit of the capture. I as
sured him that I would not breathe a
word, thanked Dim for his kindness in ask
; ing me to assist him, anct we separated to
gr> to our work and drea ni of promotion.
The next morning I ;et out in full
shooting costume ami took the coach
I which does th* journey from A jaccio to
i iiastia. For those who love nature there
[ sno better ride in the world; but I was
I too busy with my castles in the air to
I notice any of the beauties of the land
scape.
At Bonifacio we stopped for dinner.
When I got on the coach again, just a
little elevated by the contents of a good
sized bottle, I found that I had a fresh
' traveling companion, who had taken a
seat next to me. He was an official at
Biistia, and I had already met him; a
; man about my own age/and a native of
; Paris l:ke myself. A decent sort of fel
| low.
You are probably aware that the admin
is!ration, as represented by the Prefect,
etc., and the majistrature never get on
well together; in Corsica it is worse than
elsewhere. The seat of the administra
tion is at A jaccio, that of the magistrature
at Bas'.ia; we two therefore belonged to
' hostile parties. But when you are a long
way irom home and meet some one from
your native place you forget aIJ else and
talk of the old couritry.
We were fast friends in less than no
time and were consoling each other for
being in "exile" as we termed it. The
bottle of wine had loosened my tongue,
and I soon told him in strict confidence,
that 1 was looking forward to going back
to France to take up some good post as a
reward for my share in the capture of
Quustana, whom we hoped to arrest at his
clear, go unexpected and sndden was the
rally, the whale came straight at the boat,
scattering occupants and gear in tbe sea-
It was his last effort — the final. A swirl
of foam-beeten, blood-tinged water, and
the fish floated dead.
Only four of IHe crew came to the sur
face — the other two were not seen again.
Probably stunned or entangled in the
gear, they went to their last account with
a struggle. The survivors held on the un
turned boat ana reviewed matters. Night
was closing in and, strain their eyes as
they might, they could see nothing of the
ship. Then they attempted to right the
boat to ascertain tie extent of the dam
age. This cost another life, one of the
hands disappearing suddenly. With the
fear of shares in their hearts, the three
who were left clambered on to the bust's
bottom. Tiien came the struggle with
cousin's house one Sunday evening.
When my companion got off the coach at
Porto- Vecchio we felt as though we had
known each other for years.
1 arrived at Solenzara between 4 and 5
o clock. The place is populated in winter
by workmen, fishermen and customs offl
als, but in summer every one wno can
shifts his quarters up in tbe mountains on
acco unt of fever. The village was, there
fore, nearly deserted when I reached it
that Sunday afternoon.
I entered a small inn and had some
thing to eit, while waiting for Matteo.
Time went on, and the fellow did not put
in an appearance; the innkeeper began to
look at me suspiciously, and I felt rather
uncomfortable. At last there came a
knocK, and Matteo entered.
"He has come to my bouse," he said,
raising his hand to his hat. "Will you
follow me there?"
We went outside. It was very dark and
windy; we stumbled along a stony path
for about three miles— a narrow path, full
of small stones and overgrown with luxu
riant vegetation, which prevented us from
going quickly.
"That's my house," said Matteo, point
ing among the bushes to a light which
was flickering at a short distance from us.
A minute later we were confronted by a
b!g dog, who barked furiously at us. One
would have imagined that he meant to
Btop us going further along the road.
"Here, Urucclo, Eruccio!" cried my
*!), ide hen - leaning toward me, he said :
"That's Quaatana'a dog; a ferocious
animal. He has no equal for Keeping
watch." Turning to the dog again he
called out: "That's all right, old fellow!
Do you take us for policemen?"
The enormous animal quieted down and
came and sniffed around our iegs. It was
a splendid Newfoundland dog with a
thick, white, woolly coat, which had ob
tained for him the name of Bruccio (white
cheese). He ran on in front of us to the
house, a kind of stone hut with a large
hole in the roof, which did duty for both
chimney and window.
In the center of the room stood a rougn
table, arouna which were several "seats"
made oi portions of trunks of trees,
hacked into shape with a chopper. A
torch, stuck in a piece of wood, gave a
fl ckering light, around which flew a
swarm of moths and otber insects.
At the table sat a man who looked I'k.e
an Italian or Provencal fisherman, with a
shrewd, sunburnt, clean - shaven face.
He was leaning over a pack of cards and
was enveloped in a cloud of tobacco
smoke.
"Cousin Quastana," said Matteo. as we
went in, "this is a gentleman who is going
shooting with me in the morning. He
will sleep here to-nieht so as to be close to
the spot in good time to-morrow."
When you have been an outlaw and had
to fly for your life you look with sus
picion upon a stranger. Quastana looked
me straight in ths eyes for a second ; then,
apparently satisfied, he saluted me and
took no further notice of me. Two
minutes later the cousins were absorbed
in a game of scopa.
It is astonishing what a mania for card
playinc existed in Corsica at that time,
i and it is probably the same now. The
| clubs and cafes were watched by the
police, for the young men rained them
-1 selves at a game called bouillote. In the
I villages it was the same; the peasants
| were mad fora game at cards, and when
1 death. The boat, rolling in the trough of
the sea, flung them off as often as they
bestrode her, for there was nothing by
which they could retain their hold. At
last one srid he bad "had enough," ani,
with a farewell message, gave up, leaving
now only the mate, Johnson, and the
boat-ateerer.
With words of encouragement to each
other, these two continued the fight.
After great difficulty Johnson mannered
to shove the plug out of the "garboard
strake," and then was able to keep his po
sition across the keel of the boat by in
serting hi-- right forefinger — his compan
ion holding on to him. The blackness of |
night over and about them; tne eternal I
swish of wat*r ready to engulf them as it
had cngulfe 1 their companions; no signs
of heip. Stul, they clung and hoped.
All at once Johnson felt hies comrade's
grip sh'.cken, as with a moan the man fell
into the sea. His first impulse was to at
tempt a rescue, but he found that he
couid not now detach himself from his
place — his numb finger had co swollen
as to completely block the hole. He,
"the last of six," was left alone. So the
night dragged on.
• •*•••••
On the Derwent a diligent watch was
kept up through the hours of dark
ness — tne vessel making short boards to
windward the while. Lights were burned
and guns lired at intervals. At first signs
of daylight eager eyes restlessly swept the
horizon. It was nearly noon when one
of the lookout men reported large num
bers of birds ahead, almost in tbe vessel's
course. Then they sighted a dark object,
which was at first mistaken for a whale.
As they got closer they made it out to be
n boat with a figure astride it. It was
Johnson, frantically waving his free arm
and yelling to frighten the birds, which
every now and then swooped down at him,
A boat's crew was soon to his relief, but
before they could remove him they had to
chop the plank to release his finger. He
could not have fallen off had he wanted
to.
It was a thoroughly unnerved man they
received on board. Now, that the worst
was over, Johnson became like a fright
ened infant, sobbing convulsively and
ta.king incoherently, and clutching and
holding on to everything within grasp as
they bore him along the deck. He
tnougtu of and knew nothing beyond
holding on for dear life, and bis arms had
to be secured ere he could be carried down
the narrow companionway which led to
bis berth.
He pulled round— though he lost his
faithful finger — and fastened to many
another whale. — Tahune Linah in Sydney
Bulletin.
There are said to be 200 women in New
York who go to Europe twice a year to
buy their dresses. The number of men
who cross the water for their new ward
robe is much greater, as many men take
the opportunity of running over to Eu
rope for rest, recreation and business all
combined.
The Bengal tiger, though only four
feet high, is from eight to nine feet in
lenjth. A specimen ol this size will
weigh 800 pounds.
they had no money they played for their
pipes, knives, sheep— anything.
I watched the two men with great in
terest as they sat opposite each other,
silently playing the game. They watched
each other's movements, the ca r ds either
face downward upon the table or carefully
held so that the opponent might not
catch a glimpse of them, and gave an oc
casional quick glance at their "hand"
without losing sight of the other player's
lace. 1 was especially interested in watcb
ing Quastana. The photograph was a
very good one, but it could not reproduce
the sunburnt face, the vivacity and agility
of movement, surprising in a man of his
age, and the hoarse, hollow voice peculiar
to those who spend most of their time ip
solitude.
Between two and three hours passed in
this way, and 1 had some difficulty in
keeping awake in the stuffy air of the hut
and the lons stretches of silence broken
only by an occasional exclamation :
"Seventeen!" '-Eighteen!" From time
to time I was aroused by a heavy gust of
wind or a dispute between tne players.
Suddenly there was a savage bark from
Bruccio, like a cry of alarm. We all
sprang up, and Quastana rushed out of
the door, returning an instant afterward
and seizing his gun. With an exclama
tion of rage he darted out of the door
again and was gone. Matteo and I were
looking at one another in surprise, when
a dozen armed men entered and called
upon us to surrender. And in less time
than it takes to tell you we were on the
ground, bound and prisoners. In vain I
tried to make the gendarmes understand
who I was; they would not listen to me.
"That's all right; you will have an oppor
tunity of making an explanation when we
get to Bastia."
They d;agged us to our feet and drove us
IDyLS OF THE CALIFORNIA FIELDS
The J^aturalist-at-Large Expatiates Eloquently on the Subject of
Small Beginnings
Tf^X«ERE in the canyon I have come
fr^Hj^ upon a great redwood stump, level
4^-1^ as a table, smoothly covered with
an tm era Id cloth of short, thick moss and
set out with tiny lichen cups for the fai
ries' afternoon tea. The guests have not
arrived, so there is no reason why we
should not sit down and study the texture
of this fairy table-cloth — more beautiful
than any fabric that ever came from the
loom. ',^V
The mosses are always lovely and invit
ing in their suggestion of coolness and
rest, but to me they never seem so charm
ing as in the early spr ingtime, wten
everything is finall and fine. They are so
closely associated with the beginnings of
things that one instinctively looks for
them when the oui-ot-doors year is new.
Tney belong to the earliest states of life
and played an important part in the great
physical drama enacted upon this earth
ere man appeared. They followed closely
upon tbe heels of the primitive vegeta
tion — the algse and lungi. The very low
est orders of plant life are found in the
sea. After these we find tne mosses and
lichens, and proceeding upward come
upon the ferns, the palms and at last tbe
stately pine, the latter a genuine tree,
which the palm is not. We may trace the
origin of all back to the primeval green
scum that gathered on the surface of
water before any other life appeared.
Ihus ancient is the origin of the deli
cate table-cloth here that feels like fine,
soft plush beneath my band. Its history
is as honorable as it h ancient; its office
in the economy of nature as useful as It is
humble. It is a history of faithful, con
stant service, an office of attendance upon
the beginnings of life, of preparation for
and protection of things destined to higher
uses than itself. The mighty ferns, the
giant horsetails of the carboniferous age
were useful in purifying the primeval at
mosphere and rendering it fit to sustain
animal life, but before these could grow
at all the mosses had to make ready for
them. They did in that early age ex
actly wha( we see them doing to-day.
When the driving winter rain beats down
upon the sides of the canyon the earth
would be carried by it into the stream be
low, did not the thick, ?oft moss, slowing
everywhere about us, catch the water, like
great sponges, and soak it up before it
can rush down the steep inclines, washing
the surface to bedrock. The moss spreads
over earth and rocks and prostrate trees.
It carpets the soft, boggy places with a
green surface that binds all together, and
by the aggregate forces of its frail life pre
vents landslides. If we try to pull up
some of it from the ground hero we shall
see how tenacious is the Hold it main
tains. Yet how tender it seems, in
height but an infinitesimal fraction of an
inch, it shows under my pocket magnify
out with the butt ends of their carbines.
Handcuffed and pusned about by one and
another we reached the bottom of the slope,
where a prison van was waiting vs — a vile
box, without ventilation and full of ver
min — into which we were thrown and
driven to Bastia, escorted by gendarmes
with drawn swords. •
A nice position for a Government of
ficial !
It was broad daylight when we reached
Bat-tia. The Public Prosecutor, the colonel
of the gendarmes and the governor of the
prison were impatiently awaiting us. I
never saw a man look more astonished
than the corporal in charge of the escort
as, with a triumphant smile, he led me
to these gentlemen and saw them hurry
toward me with all sorts of apologies and
take off the handcuffs.
"What ! Is it you?" exclaimed the Pub
lic Prosecutor. "Have these idiots really
arrested you? How did it come about —
what is the meaning of it? '
Explanations followed. On the previous
day the Public Prosecutor had received a
telegram from Porto- Vecehio, informing
him of the presence of Quastana in the
locality, and giving precise details as to
where and when he could be found. The
name of Porto- Vecehio opened my eyes;
it was that traveling companion of mine
who had played me this shabby trick!
He was the Prosecutor's deputy.
"But, n?y dear sir," said the Public
Prosecutor, "whoever would have expected
to see you in shooting costume in the
house of the brigand's cousin ! We have
given you rather a bad time of it, but I
know you will not bear malice, and you
will prove it by coming to breakfast with
me." Then turning to the corporal, and
pointing to Matteo, he said : "Take this
fellow away; we will deal with him in the
morning."
HE DARTED OUT OF THE DOOR AGAIN.
ing-glass a mass of tiny, green, starlike
growth, with almost imperceptible, hair
like roots, yet it does a giant's work. This
stariike form is characteristic of primitive
growth. It persists in many plants, and
we s c it in a number of the low orders of
animal life that inhabit the sea. We may
note it in forming crystals of ice and in
the snowflakes.
But our moss performs still an
other service than protecting the earth
Irom the soaking rain?. It prepares the
way for oth.r vegetation. Here upon
these great masses of rock it ha 3 grown,
piling up upon itself until it has formed a
thick, moss-covered mold, and growing in
it are a number of plants— iris, soaproot,
wild begonia and half a dozen other things,
whose seeds have found lodgment in the
moss and grown down through it to the
solid rock. See wbere this soaproot has
wedged itseli into a cleft of the rock itself.
These growths will in turn pass away,
leaving their roota and stocks to bind the'
soil still more closely together. Wind
blown dust and bits of. earth will lodge
against them and be held by them until
future generations may plow and culti
vate rich loamy fields where now with
my bare fingers I can scrape away the
tnin leaf and moss mold to the bare rocks.
Thus much on the surface about our
pretty table-cloth, but about the mosses
themselves there is much to learn that
well repays study. There are so many
varieties, from the microscopic liverworts
that cover walls and moist stones to the
branched leaf mosses, often several inches
in height The immense peat bogs of the
old country are largely thick growths of
bog moss, the green moss on tbe top being
merely the tips and branches of the orig
inal plants, long since dead and incorpor
ated with the substance of t c peat. Tais
is a singular characteristic of many moss
growths. Some, perhaps most varieties,
propagate by spores, but others grow by
ihe branches traveling off from the parent
stock and being separata plants, as some
higher orders of vegetation send out "run
ners" that strike down and root inde
pendently of the parent
We may learn much of and about
even these humble green mosses, but
we shall miss the highest lesson of all if we
fail to see and realize their beauty, for
this, after all, is the one thing we humans
can bring to nature. The brutes have
a dim perception of her usefulness, but
only man knows that she is beautiful, and
he learns the lesson only as nis awakened
soul acquires the power to see. It re
quired all the life and learning that has
gone before us to bring you and me to the
point where we know that these little star
like mossheads are beautiful, yet —
If we get simple beauty, and naught else,
We get about ibe best thing God invents.
4We find even more iban in the mosses
The unfortunate Matleo remained dumb
with frigtit; he looked appealingly at me,
and I, of course, could not do otherwise
than explnin matters. Taking the prose
cutor to one side, I told him that Matteo
was really assisting the Prefect to capture
the brigand: but as I told him about th^t
matter i.ia lace assumed a hard, judicial ■
expression.
"I am sorry for the Prefecture," he said;
"but I have Quastana's cousin, and I
won't let him go! He will be tried with
some peasants, who are accused of having
3jpp!ieti the brigaud with provisions."
"But I repeat that this man is really in
the cervice of the Prefecture." I protested.
"So much the worse for the Prefecture,"
said he with a laugh. "I am going to give
the administration a lesson it won't forper,
and teach it not to meddle with what
doesn't concern it. There is only one
brigand in Corsica, and you want to take
him! He's my game, I tell yon I The
Prefect knows that, yet he tries to forestall
me! Now I will pay him out. Matteo
shall be tried; he will, of course, appeal to
your side; mere will be a great to do, and
the brigand will be put on his guard
against his cousin and gentlemen of the
Prefecture who go shooting."
Well, be kept his word. We had to ap
pear on behalf of Matteo, and we had a
nice time cf it in court. I was the laugh
ing-stock of the place. Matteo was ac
quitted, but Ire couid no longer be of use
to us, because Quastana was forewarned.
He had to quit the counlry.
As to Quastana he was never caught. He
Knew the country and every peasant was
secretly ready to assist him ; and although
the soldiers and eendarmes tried their
best to take him they could not manage
it. When I left the island he was still at
liberty and I have never heard anything
about his capture since. — The Strand.
in the exquisite grays and reds and black
of the lichens dotting our table-cover, or
crusting the surface of the higher rocks
and the branches of oak and hazel every
where about us. The lichens love pure
air and are never found wnere the atmos
phere is tainted. They derive all their
nutriment from the air, through the
moisture therein. The plants are the
only really self-supporting things in na
ture. They not only support themselves,
but the whole animal world, for they man
ufacture the food which we consume and
form the wood, the coal and the peat
which we humans burn for artificial
warmth. Even these primitive forms of
plant life are of great use to mankind.
The lichens here are beautiful enough to
justify their being, but they furnish us
with many of our most valuable dyes, and
their nutritive and medicinal properties
have long been known to man. Modern
science is inclined, it is true, to regard
their medicinal value as somewhat apo
cryphal, although Iceland moss is still ki
popular article of the druegist's stock-i^
trade. It is a constant and useful article
of food in the country whence it derives
its name, as is also the well-known "rein
deer moss," and many other lichens of
the far north. Solomon In all his glory
would have presented a far less brilliant
appearance had not the rich scarlet and
yellow and purple pigments derivable from
the lichens been known to the ancients.
The quaint, picturesque growths are
perennial sort of things. The moss on
this green stump is probably a thing of
yesterday, but the lichens may have been
about the edge, exactly as they are grow
ine to-day, since the tree was cut down,
some fifty years ago. Tho plants have
this peculiarity of growing with great ra
pidity for a time and then rema:ning sta
tionary, apparently changeless, s-ometimes
for centuries. Then, under some recur
ring atmospheric condition, they will sud
denly revive and grow again. Even speci
mens that have for years been kept,
within doors will sometimes do this on rt
exposure to moisture and fresh air, so
miraculously persistent is life in this little
organized vegetation.
Transparent, soft, amber-colored masses
of jusi-forming lichen hang from d«»ad
oak branches, and pulling up a handful
of moss a iittle while ago I exposed the
heads of a half dozen baby toadstools,
just getting ready to face the world. TliV '
were perfect toadstools, but very tiny— % :
ready by a good lorty-elght hours to u/
--pear in public.
We may not wrest from nature all her
secrefs, but we cannot go to her in srmple
ness of heart and come away empty
handed. Thai which baffles us does but
make ns love her more, for something of
her teaching lies hidden even in the myj
terv« Adelin* Knap*.CI^HERE are among all city ordinances
(M ■- specific laws regarding the preven
jl^* tion and abatement of those offences
against the public health and comfort
which are considered by the City Fathers
to come under the head of "nuisances" ;
but, although "nuisance" is a term which
covers a good deal of ground legally, there
are certain things unquestionably belong
ing to that category of which the law
takes no cognizance. If it did we should
frequently see, even in our pleasant City,
citizens end citizenesses of unquestioned
respectability marched off to police sta
tions to answer for their sins against the
nerves and tempers of their long-auffering
brothers and sisters.
Who that has had the ill- fortune to walk
several blocks behind a man who, saun
tering along, evidently on most excellent
terms with himself, allows his cane, held
loosely in his hand, to d-r-a-g along on
the pavement continuously, can ever for
get or wish to repeat the experience?
The noise produced by this apparently in
nocent performance is so strident, so grat
ing and so absolutely torturing that it can
be heard by a sensitive person through all
the oti.er noises of the busy street, and
the man who is the cause of it is certainly
a nuisance of the most pronounced kind
in the opinion of those who suffer through
his thoughtlessness. __
Another variety of man is prone to carry
his cane or umbrella under nil arm at
such an angle as to seriously endanger
the eyes and persona of those walking
behind him.
Of course this is sheer carelessness and
not deliberate malice by any means on
the partof tne individual who thus threat
ens the well-being of his fellow-pedestri
ans. If it were, however, the custom in
this country as it is in Germany for any
one noticing the menacing altitude of the
weapon in question to strike it down with
linn hand and without comment such a
1 roceeding would be a salutary lesson to
the owner thereof, and if the act were
repeated whenever occasion arises our
streets wonld soon be freed from a nuisance
which is really a dangerous one.
Another nuisance, not dangerous but
decidedly exasperating, is the man who en
tertains himself by whistling on the street
cars. There are many varieties of him —
Home young, some middle-aged, and ail of
t:.em old enough to know better.
Some of them, a very few, whistle in
tune, but many there be, alas! who do
not. Some whistle softly and medita
tively, as though holding sweet musical
communion with their inner selves ; but the
great majority whistle with an insistant
shrillness which pierces through the un
happy hearers' ears like unto a two-edged
sword.
Some whistle popular songs, some dance |
music: others, more ambitious, essay op- I
eratic airs. But whatever they whistle, or !
whether they whistle well or ill, certain it
i- that any one witu at all sensitive ears
who is compelled to ride any distance in
the same car with one of them eenerally
emerges therefrom in a state of mind bor
dering on distraction.
"What would you do," I once asked a
tar-conductor, being moved thereto by
THRILLING LIFE STORY OF A NOTABLE PIONEER WOMAN OF THE WILD WEST.
HPSLHKRE is now living in San Fran
£1 -^ cisco. at 415 Eddy street, a most
JJLf \ notable woman — one who has been
closely identified with some of the most
stirring events in the country's history.
She is Mrs. Selina Dodge Truett, and her
father was General Henry Dodge, the in
trepid Indian-fighter who conquered I
Black Hawe, the cruel and bloodthirsty !
red dcv.l who led the Sac and the Fox
Indians against the hardy pioneers of
lowa, Illinois and Wisconsiu in the early
'30' s. •
Mr?. Truett is now 78 years of age, but
neither in personal manners norconversa
tion does she show her very extreme age, \
and no one unacquainted with her History |
■ftould consider the interesting lady more !
than 60 years of age. And yet her early j
life was spent amid scenes of savage war- j
fare, and she and thote she loved were |
daily exposed to awful dangers, whiie a j
fate most horrible hungabove their heads, i
Yet this remarkable woman, at the age of '
almost four score years, sits and chats
most interestingly with those who call j
upon her, and is a most amiable hostess.
No family was mor* prominent than i
hers in the stirring times that marked the j
early settlement of Illinois, Wisconsin and
lowa, and no names are more lustrous !
in the annals of those trying times than
those of her father, General Henry Dodge, ,
and her brother, General A. C. Dodge, I
both of whom, on the field of battle and
in the legislative balls of the Nation,
made their rower and influence ielt on be
half of the settlers.
But she can trace the fighting stock
from which she came back farther than
these — to Dr. Israel Dodge, her paternal
grandfather, who lived in the province of j
Louisiana before it became territory of the I
United States, and who fought valiantly i
in t'je War of the Revolution; was:
wounded at Brandy wine; served at the
extreme outposts on the Mississippi, and i
after the revolution underwent all the ex
posures and perils of those who fought ;
upon "the dark and bloody ground" in j
Kentucky.
Mrs. Truett is very modest and is quite
dHß<lent in telline of the stirring events of
her lile. limn she feels herself apart from |
this world. Her interest in the things of j
this life began to wane after the death of!
her husband, and has continued to do so, j
until she feels very little personal concern i
in the passing show. After a life of varied I
and thrilling experiences, she has retired I
within herself and tranquilly awaits
death, firmly believing that when she j
passes from this earth it will be to be re- i
united to her dearly beloved husDand who i
has gone before.
"I now am through with this world,''
the old lady said the other day. "I no
lonper take interest in earthly things. I
think 1 can say, like St. Paul. 'I've fought ■
the good light.' I am ready to go. My !
comfort lies hern," and Mrs. Dodge drew
from her pocKet a rosary and a crucifix, on
which she looked fondly.
Selina Doage was born at St. Lora, near
the old French village of St. Genevieve,
below St. Louis, the oldest settlement on
the west eide of the Mississippi. It still
exists, and French manners and customs
and a patois still prevail there. The
Dodge home then was on the Selina
River, where Henry Dodge owned Jarge
salt works. 'I'his daughter was named
Selina after the river on whose banks the
family lived. Here at her birthplace Se- \
lina Dodge spent tne first years of her life, i
She hns but little recollection of them
now. But the monotony of the existence I
on the Selina was soon to be broken.
In 1827 Henry Dodge decided to follow
the tide of immigration that had net to
ward the Feon River lead mines. He He
cured passage for his wile ana children on
the steamboat Indiana, then one of the
wonders of the Mississippi, while he him
self went on horseback tDrougb Illinois,
an impulse of feminine curiosity, "if a
woman should begin to sing In a car?"
"A woman wouldn't," answered the
blue-coated one, sen tenuously, "unless
she were drunk or crazy or something."
"But if one did ?" l persisted.
"We.l, 'twoukln't do to have her dis
turb other folk*, you know." was the
reply. "I should have to ask her to let
up, and if she wouldn't she'd have to get
off the car or I'd have to call a police
man."
Despite his farm convictions concerning
Selena Jruett of This City Relates Her HarroWirxg Experiences in Black HaWks War— /\r\ Early LoVe Jale
of Jeff DaVis, the Confederate.
driving herds of cattle »nd horses before
him. He was accompanied by the slaves
he had inherited from his father. He
promised them that h« would set them
free after their safe arrival in the new El
Dorado they sought, and in addition
I woula give each negio forty acres of land,
J a yoke of oxen and a horse. This promise
I he kept, and in the dark days of Indian
! warfare that followed these negroe*, in
; tbe absence of the white men, stood alone
i the barriers between the savages and the
i women and children of the whites.
While the women and children of the
! expedition were inconstant apprehension
; during the early stages of the journey of
; attacks from Indians and torture and hor
[ rible death at the bands of the savages, it
was not until they reached the site of the
i present city of Rock Island that their
i liveliest fears of being butchered by the
: redskins were excited. This was a favor
ite trysting ground of the big chiefs of the
! Sacs, the Foxes and at times of the Win
: nebagos. Mrs. Truett remembers the nr
' rival of herself and her lather's family,
and their fellow-voyagers at this place in
1827. Black Hawk wa3 there, and she re
members having seen him. She saw him
thereafter, when she was older and had a
! greater acquaintance with the Indians,
and talk« (1 io him in tbe innocent fear of
j childhood.
This place of "the gathering of the
( chiefs" was the largest Indian town in the
i Northwest then, and on the day of the ar
rival there of the party of pioneers, of
| which the present Mrs. Selina Dodge
I Truett was a very young member, there
' were gathered there such braves as Black
Hawk. Keokuk, Poweshick, Wapcllo and
j Mahaska. These chie.s and their follow
; ers were all decked in their gayest and
j gaudiest attire and wore their brightest I
i war paints. The effect upon the women I
I and children of the company can well be
j imagined ; but they were all of hardy pio
j neer stock and bravely pursued their
I journey.
j The company of pioneers arrived in
, Galena, 111., on the Fourth of July, 1827,
j to find the people of the town in the throes
oi an Indian alarm. Tbe Winnebagos
I were upon the warpaih and had commit
! ted some murders a few days previous in
| the vicinity of Prairie dv Chien. The
savages had fir d upon keelboats in the
river ana killed their occupants and were
! then threatening to exterminate all the
; miners and settlers in tbe Territory. From
I that time on until several years afterward
Selina Dodge knew all the terrors ot In
dian warfare. For weeks at a time site
and other members of her family were
surrounded by howling, often drunken
and irazy, savages. Their lives were im
periled, and at times fate worse than
death at the hands oi the Indians con
fronted them.
Upon his arrival at Galena Henry
Dodge, because of his valor in the War of
1812, was asked to take command of an
armed force to be raised to defend the
i mining district. He accepted the com
i mand and moved his family to a place
' ihat became known as Dudgeville, forty
| five miles northea«i of Galena.
At Dodeevilie Mrs. Truett as a child
! passed through scenes and incidents that
made the stoutest hearts quail. "Our
Home there," she said to the writer, "was
in a small blockhouse, whose walls were
pierced with loopholes and which was
surrounded with a stockade made of logs,
with heavily barred gates, which were
kept always locked. During the time my |
> father was away on bis campaign against I
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 14, 1897.
the unrtesirability of allowing a woman to
"disturb folks" by vocal music, I noticed
that this same conductor never attenuated
to silence a fat and contented-looking
man who sat in a corner of his car oue
day, with b s pudgy bands plunged in his
pockets nnd his hat tipped over his eyes,
and whistled — shades of departed days! —
selections from •"Pinafore" in the most
excruciatingly toneless manner imagina
ble, all the way from Van Ness avenue to
Kearny street.
But if women do not err in just the
the Winnebagos the women and children
at tbe blockhouse were protected by a
small garrison of a few white men and
negroes."
Mrs. Truett's brother, August-is C.
Dodge, who afterward became United
States Senator from lowa, was then but a
boy, scarcely able to carry a gun, yet he
insisted on joining the expedition. So
persistent was be in his demands that he
be allowed to go with the compnny that
his father finally found a small shotgun
for him, and, banding it to his son, said.
"Shoot well, my boy." The boy obeyed
his father's injunction and fought va
liantly throughout the struggle that fol
lowed.
The leaders of the murderouk Winne
bagos were captured and a season of peace
followed. Then Henry Dodge and the
settlers who had ventured into the wild
country with them turned their attention
to more peaceful pursuits. Toe business
ways that men do they yet have much to
answer for at the bar of public opinion.
For instance, there are hundreds of fond
mothers who, with smiling disregard of
the feelings, the comfort or the rights of
others, allow their "jewels" to — no mat
ter what may be the .-tate of their foot
gear — clamber up on the scats of cars, and
in order to gaz» out of a window kneel
down with their muddy or duity shoes
projecting Into the narrow passage- way,
making doormats of the garments of all
wi.o are obliged to pass by them.
MRS. SELINA DODGE TRUETT.
of mining and smelting was taken up and
carried on success ully.
But this condition of things had not
come about before tiie women and chil
dren in the little stockade had been suL<
jected to many days and nights of terror.
The prairies were covered with the red
skins and they afterward threatened the
stockade and the lives of those intrenched
behind its walls. Unscrupulous white
men would sell whisky to non-combatant
Indians, who hung about the settlements,
and they would become obstreperous and
threaten the lives of the whites. But the
little garrison left to protect the women
and children and composed largely of
negroes succeeded in keeping the savages
at bay.
The Territory had not then been ceded
to the United States and, being in an In
dian country, and realizing the necessity
oi cultivating peaceful relations with the
savages, Henry Podge, after the captura
Children are also allowed to eat fruit
and candy in the cars, and if they do not
manage to besmear their neighbors during
the operation become, when their hands
are dripping with juice or melted sugar,
niatamorpriosed into positivo terrors to
their feliow-passengers. while the mothers,
interested in conversation, their bundles
or the latest baby, see nothing of the con
sternat on written upon the countenances
of thoss aroun'l them who expect every
moment to have their clothing ruined by
the onslaughts of the small gormandizers.
of the Winnebaeo murderers, made ami
cable overtures to the redskins.
"Father would make frequeut present*
to the chiefs," said Mrs. Truett, "in tbe
hope of preserving peace. He would give
them barrels of flour aud pork, when flour
was worth fl2 a barrel and pork $30, but
at times the Indians would beconiß bad.
I remember oue time when a warrior, a
tremendous fellow, over six feet tali, came
to tbe house and made resolute demands.
Father told him to go away, but the In
dian became more persistent and insolent,
and father knocked him down with a
three-legged stool. Father lost his tem
per and was about to kill the Indian, but
my brother interfered and prevented this,
and it is well that he did so, for if the
savage bad been killed the men of his
tribe would have massacred our whole
family."
One cold day a number of Indians went
to the Dodge home and demanded food
A trying thing which many women do
in public gatherings, all unconscious, it
seems, of its effect upon their victims, is
to put their feet upon a rung of the chair
in which another person is seated. If that
person happens to be a nervous, delicately
organiz?d man or woman such an inflic
tion is nothins short of absolute torture.
A lady who attended a meeting of a very
"swagger" club not long since went home
suffering agonies and went to bed, having
been made actually ill because a woman
who sat behind her had made a footstool
and drink. They told General Dodge to
leave the place or they would kill him.
When matters became critical young
Augustus Dodge seized a sword and
thrusting it against, the throat of the
leader ot the band of savages threatened
to kill him unless he and his followers left
tbe house. The Indians left and their
leader after them.
There were many similar scenes through
which Mrs. Truett passed during those
alarming days of her girlhood.
Upon ihe breaking out of the Black Hawk
war, in 1832, his father was a colonel in
the Michigan territorial militia. On the
Bth of May of that year this intrepid pio
neer, at the head of a small band of his
neighbors and accompanied by his sons,
Henry and Augustus, started on a perilous
journey toward the Rock River. They
had not gone far when Colonel Dodge re
ceived a message by runner notifying him
that the people of Dodgeville and of all
tbe country in the immediate vicinity
were in immediate danger from the
Indians. Colonel Dodge and his com
mand hurried back to Dodgeville and im
mediately began to erect additional stock
ade forts and to organize for defense.
He established his headquarters at Fort
Union, near bis home at Dodgeville.
Then followed ihe outbreak, and for two
months tbe fiendish savaees reveled in a
carnival of blood. Old men and women
and children, as well as the young and
strong of the whites, were cruelly butch
ered. Every schoolchild has read that
dark chapter in the history of the early
settlement of the \Vest. The Indians
killed their victims in the most brutal
manner and often ate their flesh and
drrnk their blood. Mrs. Truettwas in the
midst of it all at Dodgeville, and although
she was but a young girl the scenes
she witnessed then made such a terriDly
vivid impression upon her mind that she
now recalls them with horror as she sits,
so many years later, in her quiet home in
California, far removed from that bloody
battle-ground of the early pioneer days.
Young Augustus was made a lieutenant
of volunteers for home protection, and
with a small bedy of valiant men guarded
the women and children in the stockades
from bands of prowling Indians. And
Christiana Dodge, wife of General Henry
Dodge and mother of Mrs. Tru»stt, with
her daughters, stayed in the fort and
cooked for the soldiers. Mrs. Truett is
very proud of her mother's courage, and
from all accounts of those troublous times
she has cause to be.
Mrs. Truett recalls the battle of Bad Axe
and all the stirring incidents of the cam
paign, including the final capture of Black
Hawk, and although her memory is some
what dimmed by the flight of years, she
yet talks interestingly of them.
After Black Hawk was conquered Gen
eral Dodge again interested himself in
mining and the family home remained at
Dodgeville. About this time Jeff Davis,
then a young lieutenant of dragoons, wa3
stationed at a post near Dodgeville, and
he, with other officers of the garrison, be
came frequent visitors at the Dodge home.
In connection with these visits Mrs.
Truett tells a little bit of unwritten his
tory which, had its tinale been otherwise,
might have changed the course of the Civil
war. It appears from her narrative that
Jeff Davis, the young subaltern, became
very attentive to Mrs. Truett's older sister,
Mary, and whenever he visited the Dodge
home showed a decided preference for Miss
Mary's company, and the two would take
lon -^ walks across the sun-kissed dairies
of the lower part of her chair during the
entire session.
This infringement upon the rights of
others is common everywhere, but queerly
enough a person who summons up suffi
cient courage to manifest any annoy
ance or resentment under the circum
stances is looked upon by the offender as
a vary unamiable and unaccommodating
individual indeed, and any meek protest
from him or her caused by the racking
wretchedness of the situation is received
with a cold ana lofty hauteur which i 3
crushing in the extreme.
Women are quite as exasperatingly
prone as men to attempt to reverse tho
"rule of the road" and turn to the left on
our crowded sidewalks, and they look
quite as ridiculous in the ' chassez ng"
tnat invariably ensues.
There are women also who make a fad
of perfuming their belonging until their
personal presence is ainiost suffocating in
crowded cars or places of amusement, the
sweet but heavy scents actually poisoning
the air in their vicinity.
Worst of all pure y feminine nuisances
is, however, the omnipresent woman with
hatpins so long that three or four incites
of each one she wears protrude from her
head-covering, the needlelike points
threatening dire disaster to all who ap
proach her.
A vivacious female with her head thus
decorated and defended is always sure of
room enough in a crowd, for she is an
object of positive terror to every one in
her immediate vicinity, and those nearesc
her will tumble over each other in the
effort to get oat of her way whenever
a movement of her neck turis the busi
ness ends of her flittering and moat effec
tive weapons in their direction.
There is another form of nuisance, for
which both sexes are equally 10 biame,
that is frequently met with in museums,
Dicture galleries and similar places of
public resort, and that is the couple, gen
erally young, who meet there for the pur
pose o! quarreling, "makiue up,' 1 or aim
piy "spooning."
These parlies usually pre-empt a posi
tion near some object of special interest
and remain there absorbed in the business
in hand, only noticing those around them
sufficiently to manifest decided hosiility
whenever any one dares approach the in
visible "dead line" with which they have
apparently surrounded themselves.
In their estimation the persom who,
moved by a desire to view the exhibits in
heir vicinity, have the temerity to come
tanywhere neai them, are simnly disagree
able specimens of the Paul Pry genu-, and
well deserve the contemptuous glances
and sotto voce sarcastic comments on the
vulgarity and general otfensiveness of
"eavesdropping" that fall to their lot.
In the estimation of the parties frowned
upon, however, who are conscious of the
rectitude of their motives, and, having no
possible interest in the affairs of the two,
decidedly object to the hindrance and an
noyance of their stationary presence and
their unpleasing imputations, such
couples are nuisances indet-d.
Florence Percy Matheson.
1 together and gather great bnnche3 of wi!d
flowers. But young Davis was called away
to another post, and when he returned to
Dodgeville eight years later and formally
asked for the hand of Miss Mary in mar
riage he was refused, for another had be?n
more constant in his wooing. And then
and there another pace of history was
written.
After comparative peace came to that
erstwhile bloody section, Selina Dodte
was sent to a convent in Illinois, and
there she was educated. After leaving
the convent she was married to Myers P.
Truett.wfco served during the Black Hawk
War and who died in Mexico eight years
ago. She came to California with her hus
band in the '50,'s, undergoing all the hard
ships of travel across the continent in
those early days. Her husband became
one of the Vigilantes, and was well known
in California at the time of his death. His
was also a most remarkable life, fraught
with striving and dangers, in many of
which his intrepid wife shared.
After the Black Hawk war honors
crowded fast upon Mrs. Trueti's father,
Henry Dodge, and his brother Adolphus.
In 1834 President Andrew Jackson ap
pointed Henry Dodge colonel of the
United States Dragoons, and in the same
year he conducted a campaign against the
Comanche and Kiowa Indians in the
Southwest, and in 1835 was the leader of
an expedition to the Rocky Mountains.
When the Territory of Wisconsin was or
ganized in 1536 he was appointed the
Governor. In 1838 Augustus Dodge was
appointed Reeister of the Land Otlice at
Burlington, lowa. In 1840 he was elected
a delegate to Congress, and in the same
year his father was elected delegate to
Congress from the Territory of Wisconsin,
and father and son took seats together in
the National House of Representatives —
the first and only instance of the kind in
the history of the Government. Father
and son served in the House with distinc
tion. Augustus Dodge was particularly
active in advancing the settlement of
Oregon.
In 1848 the latter was elected one of the
first two United States Senators from
lowa, and as seven years before the son
had welcomed the father to his seat in the
House of Representatives the son in
turn was now welcomed to hi? place in
the Senate by his father, who nad been
elected to the upper house a few mnnihs
previous. They served together as Sena
tors until 1855. The presence of fathsr
and son in the Senate as members at iha
same time is without precedent. In 1855
Augustus Dodge was appointed Minister
to Spain, and served in that capacity at
Madrid for four years. All through their
lives father and son served their country
with distinction.
Hon. W. W. Dodge, present State Sen
ator of lowa, is a son of Adolphus Dolge
and a nephew of Mrs. Truett. He was
I unaware of the fact that hia aunt was still
alive until last November. He thought
she was dead, and the fact that she still
lived and resided in San Francisco was
unknown to him. That he should remain
in Ignorance of his aunt's existence is not
a matter for wonder, as she is very retir
ing in her disposition ana sin%e her hus
band's death eight years ago she has more
than ever desired seclusion.
And as one sits and looks upon the calm
face of this aged lady whose childhood
eves witnessed such scenes of blood and
carnage as have been recounted, he is not
surprised that as she approaches the
threshold of eternity she turns to the
book in which it is written: "I shall lead
you forth beside the waters of comfort,"
and wherein it is said: "All thy ways are
pleasantness ami thy paths are peace."
A 15-pound codfish, recently exam
ined, was found to have a roe con
raining 4,822,000 eggs.
1920
EVENTS OF THE WEEK IN SOCIETY
<SWSLHE past week while not unusually gay
s till offered enough not unusually gay
<^ still offered enough to the devotees ol
J^ fashion to keep them constantly and
pleasantly employed.
The dance Riven by Mrs. Henry T. Scott on
Thursday eveniug.complitnentary to Miss Hop
kins. Miss Crockett and Miss Cunningham, was
quite the most brilliant event of the week and
the season as well. Tue guests were all young
people, and everything a thoughtful and
lavish hostess could do was done for their
amusement.
The regular dance ol the popular Friday
Fortnightly was held as usual alLum's Hall
on Friday evening. Milton S. Latham and
Robert Eyre led tho cotillon and introduced
several new and pretty figures.
The final meeting of the club will be held on
tne evening of the -Glh. it is to be an as
sembly, and Mrs. Monroe Salisbury, 10 whose
untiring efforts the great success and popu
larity oi the Fortnightlies is due, has turned
over the mannge merit of tlie affair to hd M.
Greeuway.
Mrs. Joseph Ponohoe recently gave a
luucheon at her home on Broadway. Those
present were: Mrs. Louis Parrott, Mrs. Harry
Baboock, Mr*. J. K. K. Kattall. Mrs. George
l'cpe. Mrs. Edward Hopkins and Mrs Mount
ford Wilson.
Arrangements ny now under way for the
Mardi Gr;ts bal masque which will be given by
the Art Association at the Mark Hopkins In
stitute ol An on Shrove Tuesday evening,
Match 2d. John A. Stan ton ana Robert H.
Fletcher will have charge of the decorations.
Henry Heyman will direct the musical feat
\;res. Edward M. Greeuway will act as floor
manager, and the floor committee will com
prisa Lieutenant T. F. Ruhm, U. 8. N.. George
B. de Long and Milton S. Latham. The execu
tive committee comprises Joseph D. Grant,
Henry Heym«n, Robert 11. Fletcher, John A.
Stan'on ana E. M. Greenway.
Those on me reception committee will be:
Mrs. llager. Mrs. A. D. Moore, Mrs. Southard
Hoffman, Mrs. \\. R. Smedbcrg, Mrs. William
M. i.wiu, Mrs. U H. Coit. Mrs. A. M. Enston,
Mrs. Louis Sloss, Mrs. Louis B. I'airoti, Mrs.
Adam Grant, James D. I'helau, Major J. L.
Kathboue, William Keith, General james \\ .
Foraytn, U. B. A., Colon»H diaries F. Crocker,
W. Mayo Newhall, George T. Bromley, James
Ellis Tucker, Frederick W. Zelle, L. D. Lftiimer,
Admiral W. A. Kirkiand, V. B. >"., and Irving
M. Scott.
Mrs. Alexander Warner will give a tea on
the 26th at her home on Franklin street and
Broadway.
Mrs. F. L. Whitney will entertain a number
of ladies at a euchre party on the afternoon of
tne 20th, and will ul.-o give another oi tliese
affairs on the 'J7t!i.
Tne well-known charitable organization, the
Doctors' Daughters, gave a musicale Wediiis
oay evening at The residence of Mrs. }$. F.
Norris, IS'2 - J Sacramento street. Kvery mem
ber ol itiis worthy instnuiion lor the
past few weeks has taken mi active interest
in the affair, and the result last evening
was most gratifying, from an artistic
and financial standpoint. Library, reception
and living rooms were throivu nuo one and a
large and comfortable auditorium thus
formed. Palms decorated the singers' piat
forin, and overhead, studded in wn'.te and yel
low jonquils, hung ;ne double "D," the club'a
insignia.
The following ladies, attired in elegant
evening gowns, received the guests and
managed remarkably well in seating the
large assemblage: Miss Blair, Miss Goewev,
Miss Horton, Miss Ciuuess, Miss Mc-
Ewen, Miss McMillan, Miss Mnrgo, Miss
McKenzie, Miss Spinney, Miss Stubbs,
Miss Hyde, Miss tierce, Miss Jessie Fill
more, Miss Quagh, Mrs. George H. Hoe, Mrs. E.
McMillan, Mrs. Ballard, Mrs. John Flournoy,
Mrs. F. W. Tallant, Mrs. James Suydam, Mrs.
A. L. Tubbs, Mrs. Belcher, Mrs. .Stack, Mrs.
Samuel Knight, Mrs. Watt, Mrs. Winslow, Mrs.
Tuttle, Mrs. Shreve, Mrs. McKee, Mrs. D. T.
Murphy, Mrs. E. H. Horton, Mr 3. Frederick
Greeu, Mrs. William V. Bryan.
Frank Coffin, the Berke.ey Mandolin and
Glee Club, Miss Delia Mills, Miss Johnson, Mr.
Hughes, Mrs. Kigg-i. Mrs. Wiehtman, Miss
Ferrer, the Clara Scnumann quartet and the
Press Club qufi.net contributed to tne very ex
cellent programme.
After the music refreshments were served
and a pleasant hour spent in conversion.
The emergency box, prepared by Dr. Bomen
lor the Doctors' Daughters, was exhibited and
many sales made.
Miss Sachs gave a thpater party on Monday
evening to forty young friends. After enjoy
ing ••chimmie Fadden" at the Columbia, an
elaborate supper whs in order at the residence
of Mr. and Mrs. L. Bubs, 820 Tost street.
Mrs. John O'Neil Ileis gave a theater party
latt Wednesday evening In honor of );er cou
sin, Miss Kate Thornton Salisbury, and after
ward gave a supper at her home. The otiiers
preaeui were: Miss Brooks. Miss Daisy Vaa
Ness, Miss Alice Owen, Miss homieita Wal
lace, Edward H. t»neldon. Harry B. Pringle,
>riediander Bowie, Lieutenant K. <•'. Croxton,
U. S. A.. E. A. Wiliseo bu<i Lieutenant F. L.
Wlnn, D. & A.
A large theater party was given on Saturday
last, ancr which the ladies and gentlemen
partook of a supper at the San Francisco
Verein Club. The party was composed of Mr.
and Mrs. Wiiham Fries, Mr. a'i;d Mrs. J.
Feuehtwaneer, Mr. and Mrs. Max Branden-
Ftein, Mr. and Mrs. Leon Slos-, I. W. Hellman
Jr. and Miss Olga Tries!, M. C. Sloss aud Miss
Clara ileiimau, Joseph .-loss aud Miss Alice
Greenwald, Bert ft. Hecht and Miss Dora Saal
burg, Dr. L. Xeumaun and Miss Acnes Bran
denstein, Joseph Pinkelspiel and Miss Mamie
Lewis, H. W. Branderjstein and Miss Minnie
Louise Schwabacher, Alfred Brandenstein and
M:ss Mina Schwabacher, Otto Greenwald and
Miss Grace Hecht, Leon Greenebaum and Miss
Louise Sussman, Louis Greenebaum and Miss
Henrietta Rothschild, Louis Simon and
Miss Clara Joseph, Louis Sehwabacher
and Miss Xorma Baelintan, Mariin Tritst
and Miss A, ice Friediander, I. J.
Wiel a:id Miss K«tel!e Wangenheirn, Al Ehr
man aud Miss Kosniie Neustadter. Joseph
Friedinnder and Mis- Alice Greeubaum, Dr.
Levingston and Mis- Ann.- Greenbaum, Clar
ence Walter and Miss Belle Gentle, Meyer J.
O.hn and Miss Alma L-.-viuhoii, Samuel Saai
burg and Miss Irroa Adler, Wiliiam Grce.i
baum and Miss Jrannic Moore, Max Schwa
bftcher and Miss Edith Hecht, J. Bnrth and
M.ss Klsft Frank, Dr. Jellinek and Davia Rich.
A dinner party was given by Mr. and Mrs.
William Ma?ee on Friday eveni.'g The guests
were Mr. and Mrs. Edson Adams, Mr. and Mrs.
Thomas Magce, Captain and Mrs. O^car F.
Lone, Mr. and Mrs. Greenwood, Mr. and Mrs.
George McXcar, Mr. anil Mrs. P. E. Bowles.
Mrs. H. E. Iluatington, 2840 Jackson street,
gave a dinner party complimentary to Frank
Lincoln lust Friday evening. The other guests
were: Mr. and .Mrs. Wigmori', John c. Stubbs,
Wi«» Stubbs, Miss Lavert of New Orleans, Miss
McNeil and Samuel Ponds. A muslcale later
in the evening was largely attended.
Mrs. William B. Carr gave a tea at her resi
dence, 2234 Broadway, on Wednesday, from 4
to 0. She was assisted in receiving her guests
by Mrs. Henry L. Dodge. Mrs. F. G. Sanborn,
Mrs. William S. Wood, Mrs. William J.
Younger, Mrs. George L. Smith, Mrs. J. A. de
Greayer, Miss Josephine Chaoot, Miss Lottie
Woods, Miss Frances Currey, Miss Mattie
Whittler, Miss Eleanor Wood, Miss Rose
Hooper, Miss Maude Smith, Miss Eflie Brown,
Miss Nannie Van Wyck, Miss Maude Younger
and Miss Churchill Jones of St. Louis.
Mr. and Mm. Frank S. Hicks of Los Angeles
gave a theater party at the Baldwin last Mon
day evening, followed by a supper at the Uni
versity Club. The others present cere: Mr.
and Mrs. Henry J. Crocker. Miss Alice Huger,
Hugo 'Poland and Edward M. Greenway.
The wedding of Miss Martha P. Gibbs ana
Walter Gilmore Holcombe will take place next
Wednesday evening at the residence of the
bride's parents. Mr. and Mrs. Cornelius Van
tschelluyue Gibbs, 722 Post street. Only a few
relatives and intimt>ie friends will be present
at the ceremony, but a large number of invi
tations have been issued for the reception,
which will follow from 9 to 11 o'clock.
Mrs. W. il. Brown will give a euchre party
at the Occidental Hotel on Wednesday even
ing, February 24.
Miss Gerstle will give a matinee tea next
Saturday at the residence of her parents, Mr.
and Mrs. Lewis Gerstle, on Van Ness avenue.
Mrs. David Bixlcr will give a musicale on
Sunday afternoon, February 14, at her resi
dence, corner of Union and Pierce streets, la
honor of Slgmund Beel, the well-known vio
linist. 7
The Monday Evening Dancing Cliss. will,'
give its final party of the season at Golden
Gate Hall next Monday night.
The wedding of Miss Louise Moulder and J.
H. Covode will take place on Wednesday even-
Ing, February 17, at 9 o'clock, at the home of
the bride's mother, 812 Bush streei. The
bride is the daughter oi the late Andrew J.
Moulder, who for many years was Superin
tendent of the public schools of this City. She
is the sister of A. B. Moulder and Miss Char
lotte Moulder and is well known in society
1
circles. Mr. Covode is the son of the late Hon.
John Covode, who represented Pennsylvania
In Congress for more than twenty years. He
is a civil engineer by profession.
His Grace ArchDishop Riordan will per
form tlie marriage ceremony. The maid of
honor will be tne bride's .-ister, Miss Charlotte
Moulder, and the l>cst man will be tne groom's
brother, .John Covode. Only relatives and a
lew intimate friends will be presont, as the
bride's family is- in mourning. After a trip
through Southern California the young couple
will go to New York City, where they will re
side permanently.
THEY'RE ENGAGED.
Interesting Betrothals Made Public I
■pi . .■r "\T7"— f- I
L/Urmgf tne WeeK. I
Mr. and Mrs. Oppenhelmer announce the
engagement of their daughter Harriet to Hugo
J.Lyons. They will receive their many friends
at 1021 Buchanan street, Sunday, March 7,
from 2 until 5 r. H.
The engagement Is announced of Miss
Florence Kenny to M. J. Quillinan. The wed
ding will lake place in the early part of June.
Mr. and Mrs. A. Lewis announce the engage
ment of their sister, Miss Frances Ries,a:id
Abe Hartshall. They will receive Monday,
February -2, from 2 to 5 r. X-, at 2917 Clay
street. •
The engagement is announced of Miss Hen
rietta Wpii and Sol Sondheimer. They will re
ceive February 'JO and the following Wednes
day at the residence of Mr. and Mrs. Leopold
Weil, 1)09 Ellis street.
Mr 3. A. M. Schilling has issued invitations
for the wedding of her daughter Minnie to
Henry H. Paulsen, on Taesnay evening, Feb
ruary 23, at St. Paul's Lutheran Church.
WEDDING BELLS.
Nuptials of A N, Jackson and
Miss Annie Harris.
A. N. Jackson and Miss Annie Harris, daugh
ter oi Mr. and Mrs. Edward Harris of 1804
Laguna street, were married Wednesday even
ing at t>:3o o clock in the parlors of Union
square Hall. About 200 of their friends were
present at the ceremony, which was performed
by the Rev. Dr. M. B. Levy in a most impres
sive manner. The hall and rooms were hand
somely decorated.
As the orchestra played the wedding march
the bridal party entered, led by the ushers-
Harry Davis, Joseph Berliner, T^arry Lasky
and Fredrick Hanuk. Then followed trie
bride-maid'— Miss Sadie Jewell, Miss Gertie
Berliner, Miss Birdie .Samuels and Miss Kay
Cohn.
Three little flower girls, dressed in white
j sillk. trimmed With lace, followed. They were
Miss Camilla Luky, Miss Gossle Kaskeli ami
1 Miss Charlotte Lasky. They were followed by
! Bernie Lasky. currying a silk cushion, oii
I which was the wdding ring.
Miss Minnie Latky, rlie maid of honor,
I walked alone, and then came the bride, lean
| ing on the arm 01" her father. The groom and
'■ ti i -> besl man, .). Wood, awaited liieir arrival
under the caoopy.
The '.-own ol the bride was a white siik
vclour; the skirt *.vas plain. The waist was
hign. with long sleeves ond trimmed with
illusion and duchesse lace — the latter a heir
loom ;rom the grandmother of the bride. The
veil was attached to the coiffure with a dia
mond sunburst, the gilt of the groom. Her
bouquel was bride's roses.
The maid of none a corn-colored
taffeta, cut low in the neck and trimmed with
duch'.-sse lace. Bne carried yellow tea roses.
Miss Samuels and Miss Berliner -wore white
taffeta s-ilk, trimmed witn accordion-pleated
chiffon and white satin ribbons. The waists
were decollete.
Miss Conn w&3 in pale blue and Miss JeweJl
in yellow silk. The gowns were trimmed with
mousseline de soie and satin ribbons. All the
bridesmaids carried bouquets of enruations.
After the ceremony a supper was served in
the main hall and then dancing was indulged
in until a inte hour.
Thegiitsof the younsj couple were numer
ous, including haudsume .solitaire earrings
from Mr. Jackson, the groom's father; silver
water pitcher and bowl from Mr. nnd Mr*.
Louis Morgeustern; Dutch lace bureau scarf,
Mr. and Mrs. F. Hannk; stand and lamp
Mr. and Mrs. Halier; lamp. Mr. and Mrs. I".
Herwin; con er stand, Harry Alexander; sil
ver spoons, Mr. and -Mrs. Dunne; Mint tufa,
A. Kaskeli; silver service irom the fellow em
ployes of the groom in Neustadter Bros.; sil
ver cake dish, William Nicholson: onyx table,
Mr. and Mis. Hymans; t«-te-a-tete dishes, Mr.
and Mrs. 'iromberg; lamp, Mr. and Mrs.
Joseph; couch. B. Kaskell; silver spoons
Edward Lesynaky; silver tea-streiner, Edward
Hiegins; lamp. Mr. and Mrs. Pincus; hand
i painted salad set. Mrs. B. L. Morns of Los
j Angeles; lamp, Mr*. Lasky; Dresden clock,
! Mr. aud Mrs. A. Morris; ornaments, Mrs. .Sam
uels; Egyptian mirror, Miss Cahn; bedspread
and shams, trimmed with antique duchesse
lace, Mrs. B. Lasky.
Mr. and Mrs. Jackson have left for the south
eri: part of the State and on their return will
reside at 1804 Laguna street.
CLUB GATHERINGS.
Fashionable Organizations Enter
tain Their Friends.
The twenty-seventh party given by the
Mystics, at Native Sons' Uali on Tuesday
When Should a Doubtful TricU Be
Trumped ?
The idea we entertain about Irumping a
doubtful trick is in some respects different
from the-textbooks. A few weeks ago we re
sponded to an invitation from the Lomitas
Whist Club oi Petaluma to give them a little
whist talk, and we took, for our subject
"Whist Not Found in the Textbooks." One of
the various points we touched upon was
when to trump and when not to trump a
doubtful trick on the firs', or second round of ;
the suit. We asked the members oi the club ,
to try our way. The following different situa- j
tious about cover tiie entire ground:
First— Having a wenk hand including ex
treme veukness in trump?— trump the trick.
Second— Having Rreat strengih in trumps,
six or more strong enough in trump ana lead
a trump— trump the trick.
Third— Having strength in trumps (meaning
by strength three high ones, such as ace, king
and one other; ace, queen and one other; king,
queen and one other; queen, jack, ten, etc., or
four of any size) and also holding one plain
suit in your hand, establisl.ed or worth trying
to establisn, pass tho trick, and your partner
is hsked to draw this inference and govern
himself accordingly. With many players,
when their partner passes a doubtful trick
they always put them up for at least four
trumps. This is radically wrong. Another
disastrous thing many partners do is, when
you tate n force by trumping a sure trick and
because you don't immediately lead a trump,
they will olten go out of their way to compel
you to trump again, generally smashing your
hand, as well as their own, all to pieces.
Fourth — No matter how many tramps you
hold and have extreme weakness in plain
suits— that is, absolutely nothing— trump the
first or second round. By the third round you
Bhould be able to mark the winning card, and
if not led the probabilities are that it is in
your partner's hand, and you would not trump
of course. We have often heard it stated that
if one player has no long, plain suit, but has
four or five trumps, it is two to one that
his partner has one long suit worth trying to
establish and would advise passing a doubtful
trick, with the hope oi getting out trumps for
that imaginary suit in partntr's hand. We do
not think this is sound. It is ouly one chance
in three, one way of figuring.
Fifth— Passing a sure trick is a peremptory
demand or call for a trump lead, and the
player so passing says, Partner, I will take
two or more tricks for the one I let go if you
will assist, me a little by leading trumps at
once, and if you lead through an honor lead
your highest regardless of number. We would
advise you to rtad a copy of "Tbc Art ol Trac
THE SAX FKAXCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 14, 1897.
evening last, was a complete social success.
The hall was draped very tastily in blue and
gold buntlnp and silk banners were suspended
from the galleries. The grand march, in
which 300 couples participated, was unfertile
leadership of Will W.Saie and Miss Clarice
Maison. The assisting couple were K. Matbe
son and Miss Florence Wilson. The pro
grammes were very handsome and were dis
tributed by M. L. Reynolds and Miss M. Rous
seau. , ■ ,~
The committees were as follows: Floor di
rector. Will W. Sale; assistant lloor director,
K. Matheson; reception— H. G. Muller, M. L.
Reynolds; auxiliary committee — A. Frank,
11. Goedge, A. Nelson, L. Duke.
The next party of the Mystics will be held
on Tuesday evening, March 2, in Native Sons'
I "xball was C iven at Washington-square Hall,
I corner Union and Stockton, street-, last Satur-
I day evening. February C, by the Filbert Club.
The affair was largely attended and afforded
&£"£«& SSSSSf shorS^aAe^
' —
SUBURBAN DELIGHTS OF THE CALIFORNIA SPRING.
o'clock and continued until 2 a. m. The affair
was managed by the Following officers nnd
committeemen: President, George Dykes;
vi«o-president. Otto Theise; financial secre
tary, I'ete Becker; recording secretary, Robert
McClane; treasurer, Ed Fora: sergeant-al
arms, William Stanton. L. Young acted as
floor manager, assisted by Q.F.Barry. Fioor
committee— W. E. Barry, .1. Gibbons, G. Sap
arabor, D. O'Connor and <;. Bolsson ; commit
tee of arrangements— M. Bean, .1. Ileinej, i;.
Cavamiugh, G. Durham and H. Lyons; recep
tion committee— J. Allen, A. Drusdome, W.
King, J. Ferdini and W. Jefferies.
The Filbert Club will cive its third anni
versary picnic and opening of Harbor View
Park on Sunday, March 21. The committee of
arrangements promises to spare no efforts and
money to make this the Dloulo of the season.
The Assembly Cotillon Club gave its fourth
party on Wednesday evening last at Lunt's
Hall. The german, led by Wilfred G. Yanke,
consisted of several new "mid pretty figures,
which, with the handsome toilettes of tne
ladies, made the scene a pretty one. A most
enjoyable evening was spent. - '. '■'<
In the lending sets were: Miss Emma Fort
mann, Miss Emma I'rosek, Miss Stella Fort
mann, Miss Martha Fredeman, Miss Susie
Logan, Miss Olga Fredeman, Miss Mabel Mc-
Fadden, Miss Minnie Bresse. Miss Olga Wester
feld, H. W. Westerfeld, Walter Rohliffs, Will
Stevens, Mr. Goewey, E. A. Christensen. San-
ttml Whist" by Major-General A. W. Drnyson,
llfth edition, and rend the chnpter (page 110)
on "Trumps, their use and abuse."
Question of the Proper Discard.
We clip the following from the Philadelphia
Evening Telegraph of January 13:
The appended deal, which appeared in the
Brooklyn Kagle of Monday Immt, was recently
played at the Brooklyn Whist Club, n shows the
value of a uniform discard frum — rrTTIHM. no
matter which side leads trumps The old English
book-writer's play of discarding from strength on
the adversaries' lead of trumps has long been
abandoned In this country, and is now generally
regarded as a trick-loser by the experts of the day.
Such statements as the above are mislead
ing and should not appear in a piper catering
to the whist-players of this country. (We
mean by catering, asking the whist clubs and
whist readers to subscribe for it.) The whist
editor of the Telegraph should explain what
he means by "the old Kngiish book-writers,"
Does he mean Pole? We think not. Does he
mean Cavendish? Does ho mean Edmond
Hoyle? We give it up. And, again, he says:
'•Discarding from strength on the adversaries'
lead of trumps has long been abandoned In
this country."
If "in this country" means part of Phila
delphia, we will admit it; but if "in this coun
try" means the United States, the Telegraph
is away off. Our individual ideas of the dis
card, wo know, are not far irorn the individual
ideas of the Telegraph whist editor, but to
make such a broad statement as the above
without any qualification whatever Is, to put it
well, misleading. We recommend our readers
to carefully study the Drayson system of dis
carding, which, in the writer's opinion, is the
best system in use at the present time, and also
to carefully read over Fisher Ames" idea of the
discard recently published in The Call.
Our Whist Dorv'ts J^ot Copyrighted.
The whist don'ts published in these columns
n few months ago and rt-cently published in
booklet form.for/recdis'.rlbution only, were not
copyrighted for the simple reason we do not
believe in so doing. The demand that we
have had for them from all parts of the United
States, Canada, and evenjacross the Atlantic,
shows that we have at least excited the cari
osity of -a great many whist-players. There
ford G. Lewald, E. A. Groezinger and Mr.
Schroth.
The California Violets held an executive
meeting at Odd fellows' Hall Wednesday
evening. There was a large and enthusiastic
gathering present. The next s 'Cial party of
this club will take place March lt> and will be
for the beueiii of tnn Odd Fellows' Home at
Thermalito. Butte County, Cal.
At the close of the executive session the of
ficers invited all members present to an elabo
rate banquet in the "Oid Grotto. "
The ' 9/ Social Club was entertained by Mrs.
Carpenter last Friday eveninjf.
The regular mon'thiy entertainment and
dance of the Native Sons ot Vermont was held
on Tuesday evening at Odd Fellows' Hall.
There was a large and fashionable audience
present, who testified their approval of the
excellent programme by frequent and hearty
applause. The following whs the complete
programme of the evening: Overture, Delle
piane's Orchestra; recitation, "The Devil In
Search of a Wife" (Annie Porter), Miss Grace
Duering; tenor solo, • 'Our Good Ship Satis To-
NiKht" (S. C. Massett), W. Eeerton Smith; so
prano solo (selected). Mis* Motel Morse; cor
net solo, "Les Folies" (Wnldteufel), Gi'orge W.
Loyde; barytone solo, "La Daiiza" (Rossini),
Allro'l Ely; snug (selpcted), Miss Blanche
Winks: "Yellow Roses," a dramatic sketch in
one act, by members of th<? Columbian .-tick
c>m]>fttiy. Cast— Colonel St. (.'lair, Reginald
Travel-; Miss I'everii, Miss Effy Bonde; aoeme,
sit: nip-room in Miss Fevcrils "cottage. Danc
ing, as usual, concluded the evening's enter
tainment.
HOME GATHERINGS.
Receptions, Dances and Anniver-
sary Celebrations*
Mr. and Mrs. Miller celebrated their silver
wedding anniversary last Sunday afternoon
and evening at ttielr residence on Leaven
worth street, near California. The parlors were
magnificently decorated with violets, roses
nnd evergreens. The afternoon was joyously
spent in games, singing, music and dancing,
greatly to the delight of the young folks. At
ti o'clock the guests repaired to the dining
room, where an elaborate dinner was served.
Toasts were offered and responded to with elo
WHIST
I arc very few words betweea the covers of this
little book that are new or original— we lay no
claim to originality. We picked these little
"tit-bils" lrom tflft whist conservatory of
others, arrangsd* thorn our way, and merely
used our own time and tinfoil to make the
little collection presentable, and now allow us
to pass them around with our compliments
without any copyrieht string to them. We
will say to our correspondent what we do in a
whist way is ail jor love of the game only.
Qrand-Stand Whist-Flayers.
Milton C. Work, Whist Editor of the Evening
Telegraph, after publishing a deal trom the St.
Paul Globe, says:
Mr. Bunn also cllds an article from the Brook
lyn Kagle and comments on it as folows:
"The allusion to the couper refers to G. A. La
Vie, who is known in the whist world as the
Brooklyn Couper by reason of bii propensity f->r
malting grand-stand plays. It is a curious fact
that while all of Mr. La Vle's coops which are
published have been sound and successful, yet the
Brooklyn Whist Club records do not show his
score to b» near the top. The inference naturally
Is that some coups have not worked, it is uuior
tiiDtitP tliut these remain unpublished, for Mr. La
Vie'« apparently uniform success will ba:d y tend
to discourage a large class of moderate whist
players who are watching for a coup in every
hand, and frequently find one that Is not there.
I We should like nothing softer than a challenge
j trophy match against a team of four coupers."
We desire to most heartily concur in Mr. Bunn'g
I opinion. His Dot the couper who wins the most
j tricks in the long run. A coup comes alone possi
bly once in a couple of hundred deals on an aver-
I ase. The player who picks up each deal looking
i for a coup cenerally gets a score ih»t increases the
I plus of the others playing his way. It is steady,
conservallvo play that wins. The man who rarely
loses a coM trie* is the man who ends the season
with tue top score.
Short Suit Whist by Val W. Starnes.
A recent and one of the most valuable con
tributions to the whist literature of tha day is
"Short Suit Whist," by Val W. Starnes, pub
lished by tSrentano's. It starts out with" the
following text:
"Individually, every card is more valuable when
led up to than when led." Mr. starnes uses as a
basis for his game the old English leads and rejects
the number showing plays of the American leads.
A. radical short suiter would claim that iir.
quence and wit Later the jolly throng re
turned to the parlors and resumed their gay
festivities, whicu sped the hours until mid
nignt. Many handsome presents were re
<eived.
Mr. and Mrs. P. J. Perez (formerly Nellie
Naccarini) celebrated the first anniv^ary of
their marriage at the residence of Mrs. Nac
carini, 1005 Clay street
The affair was a paper wedding, and the
decorations consisted of flowers and paper
draperies.
The bride of a year was attired in white silk
trimmed with swansdowu ana lace. Her or
naments were diamonds. Quite a novel feat
ure was the mock ceremony of marriage, on
which occasion Mr. Pc»rez presented his young
wife with a diamond ring.
Among the guests seated at the sumptu
ous repast were: Mr. and Mrs. Perez, Mr.
itnd Mrs. Paulucci, Mr. and Mrs. Thomas
Mrs. Naccarini, Mrs. Harms, Miss Frieda
Haj-mx, Mrs. Siebe!, Miss Lottie Bra
!ich, Mr. and Mrs. X McDonongh, Miss Eva
Naccarini, Miss LouUa Naicarini, Miss Sophia
Sllva, Mrs. SUvh. Miss Gertrcde Thomas, M.
Clarlety, R. H. Boyd, Adolnh Uault, G. Mou.
ten, Mr. Coulter, ( aptain Kearney, T. Farley.
P. Cluriety, Mr. Suiich, Masters Ollio and Vin
cent Piiulucci.
On Saturday evening, February 6, at the
family residence at Ocean View, a party was
given to Mr. Kiepeu in honor of his fortieth
birthday. The house was handsomely deco
rated and brilliantly illuminated for the oc
casion. The early part of the evening wa<
taken up with uancins and music. At 12
o'clock the guests partook of a bountiful sup
per. Toasts were drunk to the health of Mr.
»nd Mrs. Kiepen. Among those present were:
Mr. and Tfrs. Winkler, Dr. and Mrs. Vandre,
Mr. and Mrs. Barrett. Mr. and Mrs. Murphy,
Mr. and Mrs. Bn'.sworth, Mr. and Mrs. Kiepen,
Mr. and Mrs. Fisher, Mr. and Mrs. Morrison,
Mrs. Lane, Mrs Hall, Miss E. Bandr, Oscar
Cesser, \V. Murphy, Tom Farrel. J. Can iff. M.
Grady, the Misses Minnie and Edna Wiukler,
the Misses Annie and Clara Kiepen and Mas
ters Carl and Herman Kit pen. Mr. and Mrs.
Kiepen and family have recently returned
from a fix months sojourn In Europe.
Last Friday a most enjoyable party was given
at the home of ihe Misses Ames, 541 Steven
son street. The evening was spent in Instru
mental and vocal music and social conversa
tion, after which the guests adjourned to the
dining-room, where a sumptuous repast was
served. Those present were: Miss May Car
doza, Miss Annie Cardoza, Miss Mary Marks,
Miss Maud Burnham, Miss S. Evelyn Ames,
■1m C Eunice Ames; Messrs. Charles G.
Ferris, Lewis A. Steven?, Ernest Bond, Richard
Irvine, A. $. McPherson, James S. Frencn and
Frank Hope.
A surprise party was recently given to E.
Schiller Jr., in honor of his twenty-second
birthday, at 1803 Howard >treet. Among
those present were: Mr. and Mrs. Quinn, Mr.
and Mrs. Whorden. Mr. and Mrs. Knecker. Mrs.
Krlske, Mrs. Muller, Mrs. Torsepf, Mrs. Gimini,
Mrs. Schiller. Miss (). Boothby, Miss Kriske,
Miss Smith, Miss Werner, Miss Gerg; Messrs.
C. Schiller, Otto Schiller, Emil Schiller, Master
Whordcn and Master Drum.
On tho 23d ult. a very enjoyable party was
given by the Twentieth Century Social Club
ot the Mission to one of their most esteemed
mem Ders, Fred Crosett, at his residence, 919
Valencia street.
After an evening pleasantly spent with
games, music and dancing all repaired to the
dining-room, where an elaborate repast was
spread.
The committee having charge of the affair
were: Merch Winters, Flora Smith, Ada
Stamps does not ro far enough In his short sn;t
theories when he does not advise opening a snort
•uit wi;h a lower card than the seven. The
chapters on tenace and finesse are certainly very
fine and noblntrso complete on ihe subject has
ever been published. To those who do not believe
in always opening from their longault and desire
to know when to open from a short suit and what
shore suits are b*st to lead, this work will be es
pecially interesting.
Whistlets.
A member of the Trist Duplicate Whist Club
of this City has got up a celluloid score-sheet
and also a celluloid trump-record card. The
advantage they have over the ordinary kind
in use is that they can be used indefinitely.
The whist editor of The Call reached Al
bany, N. V., just in time to see the challenge
match between the Columbia Athletic Whist
Club of Washington and the Albany Cub of
Albany for the A. W. L. trophy. The match
was won by Albany by a gain of six trickf.
The defeated team is one of the lew short
saiters left.
"Do you think they will get along nicely
when they are married?"
"I am sure of it. I took care to find out
shortly after they were engaged."
"How?'
"I gave several whist parties and "arranged
that they should play as partners. They never
quarreled once."
Under the rules governing play for the Ride
out trophy a drawing was had on Tuesday
last to determine which ciuh had the first
right to play the San Francisco Club, that ciub
having won it at the tournament in January.
The result of the drawing places the "Com
muters" first and the Peialumas second on
the list. Hereafter ail challenges take rank in
the order they are received.
Whist Writers and Their Qood Work
It is wonderfully strange what a hold whist
has upon the people of this country as well as
the otner side of the Atlantic. It is given
more space in our newspapers than all the
other indoor games put together. Ii has a
journal called Whist entirely devoted to the
game, published in Milwaukee, Wis., by the
Whist Publishing Company, costing $1 a
year. It comes irom the Dress once a month,
and each copy is a prize package for every
iorer oi this scientific game. it is ably ediieii
Cousins, Ralph McMurtry and Fred Smith.
The officers are: George F.Welch, president;
E. Kemu, vice-president; Fred Smith, secre
tary ; Flora Smith, assistant secretary; M.Win
ters, treasurer; M. Hagen, assistant treasurer,
and Thomas Pendergast, sergeani-at-arnis.
Those present were: George Welch. Ada
Cousins, R. McMurtry, Flora Smith, Merch
Winters. May Beebe, Ernest Kemp, Dora
Peters, Fred Reese, Jessie McDonald, H. Kemp,
Sophie Rivers, Fred Crosett, Mary Paris, Fred
Smith, Alice Lynch, Hilton Hagen, Grace
O'Dell. Russell Peters, Agnes Eagan, M. Drew,
Ruth Peters, H. Yerg, Stella Beebe. T. fender-
Bast. Annie Kerigan, Fred Smith. Mac Merrill,
N. Kcnt-fick. Rose Thompson, Rob Skiving ton
and Eva Qulnu.
A most enjoyable birthday party was ten
dered to Mias* Ada Garvin by her slater, Miss
Emma Garvin. on Tuesday evening, February
9, at the residence of the lady, 234 Oik street.
Music, vocal and instrumental, and recita
tions were In order during the early part of
the evening.
The Misses Alice and Emma Garvin pleased
the many guests with several duets. Miss
Annie CofriKaii recited and Peter Tully man
aged to keep every one in excellent humor
with his numerous witty anecdotes.
Among those present were: Miss Josie Shea,
Miss K:itie Shea, Miss Teresa Tally, Miss M Tie
Klynn, Miss Maggie Flynn, Mrs. Golden, Miss
Beatrice Lehman, Miss Annie Corrigan, M»"s.
Garvin, Mrs. Whittam, Miss Alice Garvin, Miss
Emma Garvin, Peter Tutlv, D. G. Hart, C. F.
Corrigan, W. S. Campbell," L. Derree, George
Hale, William Garvin, H. Swedlund, George
Golden, Thomas Cronin, Michael Collonan.
IN THE FUTURE.
Announcement Made of Charitable
Entertainments.
On Tuesday, February 23, a Lady Washing
ton tea will be held at the residence of Mrs.
Will E. Fisher, 1210 Sutter street, for the
benefit of the Nathaniel Gray Free Kinder
garten. Tickets can be objained from Mrs.
If. R. Hlggins (president), Mrs. C. S. Wright,
Mrs. F. L.Whitney, Mrs. H. E. Huntingion,
Mrs. L. A. Kelly, Mrs. John Fioiirnoy, Mrs. .1.
Stow Mallard, Mrs. M. 11. Myrick, Mrs. John
Haynes, Mrs. George Ash ton. Mrs. George
I Easton, Mrs. Ralph Hooper and other ladles
on the board ol managers.
The Winter Cotillon Club will give an
assembly aud german Tuesday evening, Feb
ruary 23, at Beethoven Hall.
Aqua Pura Social Club will give a social
dance on Friday evening, February 19, at
Mozart Hall, 1358 Market street
The twenty-first grand annual masquerade
ball of the San Francisco Turn Verein will be
held at the s cieiy's hall. 323 Turk street,
Sunday evening, February 21.
An entertainment will be given under the
auspices of the Frauen Verein and Martin
Luther Bund of the St. Mark's German Church
on Thursday, the 18th of February. Tne
affair it to celebrate the four hundredth anni
versary of Melancthon'g birth.
At the moeting of the Mission Literary and
Social Club held February 7 the following
members were elected to hold officj for tne en
suing term: President, James P. Griffin ; vice
president, Frank W. Healy ; secretary and
treasurer. C. A. Wegeuer; dramatic director,
>\ alter H. Taisen ; assistant dramatic director.
Henry G. Leffman Jr. The twelfth party oi
tne club will take place Tuesday evening, Feb
ruary 23, at Union-square HalL An excellent
programme has been arranged, to conclude
with the one-act comedy entitled "The Two
Bonnycastles."
Harmony Chapter No. 124. OrJer of the
Eastern Star, will give a "valentine party" on
Friday evening, February 19.
A grand cascarone party will be given by
Fremont Parlor No. 59, K. D. G. W., on Satur
day evening, February 27. at the banquet
hail, Native Sons' buildintr. Mason street.
The fourteenth anniversary entertainment
and ball of Court Star of the Vvest No. 6950 A
O. F., wiil be held at B'nni B'rith Hall Satur
day evening, February 20.
Young Ladies' Institute No. 7 will give an
entertainment ana social nt Native Sons' Hall
on Thursday evening, 25tn inst.
The members of the Borromean Council No.
12!), Youug Men's Institute, are making ex
tensive preparations for a minstrel snow and
dance, which :hey will (jive at Mission Or>ra
Hall, on Mission street, near Seventeenth,
next Wednesday evening, the 17th inst.
The council is one of the most prominent
fraternal organizations at the Mission, and
the appearance of its members in burnt cork
will bean event in its history. The minstrel
first part will be participated iv by about
twenty-five people, most of whom are mem
bers of the Council. James A. Ritey will be in
terlocutor, and the end men will be Dr. J. P.
McCarthy, Joseph M. Toner, Frank Dillon, Dr.
W. H. Sieberst, Ed Loughey and Sam Mont
gomery. Some of the popular comic and senti
mental songs of the day will be sung and sev
eral of the old-time minstrel sele3tions will
also bo rendered. Amove those who will give
solos will be John H. Widman, Nicholas J.
Hoey, Thomas F. Gately aud John T. Kav
anaugh. They will be assisted by the follow
ing singers: George F. Keane, John 11.
O'Brien, Fred Newber»?er. Thomas J. Pangini,
J. P. Denahy, George Low, Dr. Joseph I. Rich
ards, Thomas J. Byrne, George Matlich and Ed
J. Coffey. The music has been in preparation
for many weeks under the direction of Messrs.
D'Arcy and Eules, and a treat is promised in
this feature.
The second part will consist of specialties
and character sketches by Dr. J. P. McCarthy
and Sam Montgomery.* One of the leading
features of the ?-econd part will be a cleyer
creation entitled "The Blackies — Not the
Browuiee." It will be presented for the first
time on this occasion by K. J. Cav-ana^n and
Masters Harry Dowdell Henry 9mb, Jerry
Lcnnou, Kdniond Boland, Maurice Fitzgibbon,
Frank McCarthy und Hugh McCourt.
The committee having- the arrangements in
charge is as follows: K. E. Faznckerly. chair
man; George F. Lynch, P. F. Dillon," Paul B.
Hay, K. J. Coffey, N. J. Haley and James A.
Rtley.
Court Mazzini, N"o. 7809. A. O . F., gave a
grand vocal and instrumental concert, fol
lowed by a ball, at Washington-square Hall,
on Sunday evening, February 7. The musical
programme was of unusual excellence and
was greatly appreciated by the large audience
present.
The Servian-Montenegrin Benevolent So
<-iefJ;wljl give their seventeenth anniversary
ball Wednesday evening, February 24. at Cali
fornia Hall, 620 Bush street.
PERSONALS.
Dr. Clarence L. Deller leaves for San Fran
cisco on February 25 for Europe, where he in
by that brilliant writer and whist authority,
Cassius M. Paine. Th» strides ttiat have been
made In the past few years among the whist
laity is something to b» admired. The good
work that is done in the da ly papers on the
subject of whist is not generally appreciated
lor the reason the hardest workers in the
field labor for glory. Could the Brooklyn
Eagle purchase one article on whist from Rob
ert H. Weems, he who has done so much for
the noble game through the columns of that
paper and innumerable other ways ? Mr.
Weems has never written a line for pay and
never wouid.
What has Milton C. Work done in the Even
ing Telegraph of Philadelphia? It is simply
phenomenal— a daily whist column, with news
from all parts of the whist world, and nearly
a whole page every Saturday. And St Paul
says, in the letters and writings of Ueorge L.
Bunn in the St. Paul Sunday Globa, so many
good things that we delight in republishing
them. John H. Brigjjs, no doubt one of the
greatest whist-players living, is the whist
editor of the Minneapolis Times. And Chi
cago—there is no city in the Union that has
done so mucn to spread whist as tne great city
by .he lake. The Chicago Times-Herald and
Inter Ocean come out every Sunday with
interesting articles trom the peu of John T
Mitchell, the father of duplicate whist and
one of the beat expert players in this country.
What would the New York Sunday Sun be
without its articles on whist from the pen of
R. F. Foster, the great whist author and ad.
vocate of Bhort-suttism? Mr. Foster is one of
the best posted men in America on the subject
of whist. His heart is in the right place, if his
pen is not always. T. E. Ois, whist editor of
the Newark (New Jersey) News, says many a
brilliant and instructive thing thac touches
the spot The Post-Express of Rochester. N. V.,
hat W. H. Samson as editor, ably assisted by
R. F. Foster.
The Public Ledger of Philadelphia started a
whist column about a year ago to the great
surprise of the whoie country. The staid old
journal had to come to it and is ably edited
by Warren A. Hawley. The New York Times
has fallen into Hue, with Johu H. Stevenson,
retired United States Naval Officer, at the
helm. The Boston Herald has E. C. Howell.
Charles E. Coffin, author of "Gist of Whist,"
has devoted a year of his time for whist— for
love— in an Indianapolis paper. The Even
ing Journal of Albany, N. V., has come iato
the whist fold. Wheelock's Weekly of Fergus
Falls comes to us once a week with many good
snappy whist articles. Tne only section of
the country that seems to overlook their thou
sands of wnist readers is this coast— ouiside
of our teeble efforts and a few whist scores o/
a local club published occasionally in another
paper 01 this City. The several thousand
whist readers are entirely overlooked. Will
U)U always be 10?
tends farther pursuing his medical studies for
thr«e or four years. , •
- 'Dr. and Mrs. L. L. Kahn nave returned from
thei: trip to Europe, and are for the. present
residing with Mr. and Mrs. Louis EUus at
2328 Pacific avenue. . :
Miss El. a Neuwafal will receive, the first
Thursday at 2411 Jackson street.
Miss Mabel Liehtenstein has returned from
a visit Jo her aunt, Airs. H. Myers of Portland.
Or., and will be at home to her friends at 1208
Geary street. /•
Mr. and Mrs. I. Joseph will receive their
friends at their residence, 628 Height avenue,
Alameda, Sunday. February 14.
„ Mr. and '■■ Mrs. Edward G. Schmiedell.inee
McCutchet, arrived in New York last Sunday
on their return from a tour of the world, and
are expected here very soon. :
Mr. and Mrs. M. H. Ue Young, who have been
visiting Pars and Ber.in for several months,
amved in New York City last Sunday, and are
expected here in a lew days
M.? 8f . Ml i! ISI A llss Mllls and Miss Florence
Mills left here last Saturday ° 11 the Sunset
Limited lor the Ehst.
Mr. and Mrs. Leopold Myers, nee Shainwald,
sailed on Friday. February 5, on the steamer
Monowai of the Oceanic Steamship Company.
lor Auckland, New Zealand, where they will
reside. * ,-_.;•.
Mis. J. K. McUan, Miss Mary McLean and
Miss Minnie Bailey of Oakland are in Rome
Italy. '
W. F. Goad and the Misses Aileen and Gen
evieve Goad «re in New York City. .
Mrs. W. B. Bourn and her dcuvhterareat the
Hotel Netnerlfind in New York City.
Mrs. Irving M. Scott, who has been seriously
ill for some time at Her residence, so7 Harri
son street, is now on the road to recovery.
Mrs. L. L. Baker and her son, I\ S. itaker,
arrived in New York City a week ago. Mr'
Baker will attend college in the East. .
Mr. and Mrs. William Hass, who ore now in
•Vienna, will go early in the spring to Nurem
berg, where their children are at school, and
will return here soon afterward.
Mr. and Mrs. George K. Fitch are in Wash
ington, D. C, and will remain there until
after the inauguration of President-elect Mt-
Kiniey.
Dr. and Mrs. Frank H. Fisher (nee Berry)
have arrived in New York City and are resid
ing at 402 West One Hundred and Twenty
fourth street.
Robert M. Tobin and Miss Celia Tobin are in
New York city. ;
Mrs. J. J. Boyce and Miss Boyce arrived here
from Santa BnrDara last Tuesday, and are at
the Occidental Hotel. V<--
Mr. and Mrs. William R. Whittle.', Mr. "and
Mrs. Chaunc^y R. Winslow, Mrs. .Richard T.
Carroll, W. F. Whittier, J. B. Stet>on and
Harry Stetson left last Thursday to visit Mex
ico for a month.
From latest advices Dr. and Mrs. K. Plschl
were in Vienna, niter having spent some time
at the University of Gratz, in Styria, Austria.
Miss Ethel BWTH, violinist and soprano
who n as recently returned from Paris, gives
her concert Wednesday evening, Feoruary 17,
at Y. M. C. A. Auditorium. She will be as
sisted by Mrs. Carmicnael-Carr. Hulua Ander
sen, Edith Smith and Mr. Andrews in giving
an excellent programme. *
EIFLE AT_SHELL MOUND.
Nearly a Dozen Shooting Clubs Will
Contest fur Prizes There To-Uay.
There will be some very lively rifle and
pistol shooting on the Shell Mound ; r tie
range 10-day, and nearly all of the taiyets
have been engaged. Tne Columbia Pistol
and Rifle Club will hold its regular cJass
medal shoot, besides the contests. for
medals and cash prizes, in the re-entry
matches. Additional shooting-stalls have
been purchased by Captain . L. Siebe lor
the accommodation of the club's increas
ing membership. The San Francisco
Schuetzen Verein, the Germania Scnuetzen
Club, the Nord Deutscher Schuetzen Club
and the Independent Rifles will also hold
their regular monthly contests for medals,
etc.
Besides these. Companies C, G. F. X and
M of the First Infantry Regiment will
hold their monthly contests for company
class medal*.
Captain Siebe will formally open th«
park lor the present season on March 7.
Among the attractions of the opening
event will be rifle shooting. The captain
has offered $225 in cash prizes for that oc
casion.
» ♦ •
Series of Oriental Entertainments.
Haskett Smith has arranged to open his
oriental entertainments at Golden Gate Hail
this week with genuine Egyptian music. The
stage i will befitted upas an Egj-ptian cham
ber. On Tuesday evening the rirst of the series
will be given under the title of -The Pyramid
Builders." The entertainment will be tor the
benefit of St. Peter's Church. Entertainments
will be given Wednesday evening and Thurs
day aiternoon, the themes being "Monarch's
aud Mummies" and "Jerusalem, the City of
the Great King."
KEW TO-DAY.'
extMordTnarT
ANNOUNCEMENT!
A GENUINE BARGAIN
HANDKERCHIEF SALE
COMENCES at NEWMAN &
TO-MORROW nujrmrtl^l CC
(Monday) LEVINSON'S i
12,000 White Embroidered
Handkerchiefs, beautiful pat-
terns, fine quality, all new and
perfect goods, in an immense
variety of styles, will be offered
at the unheard of price of 15c
each. They are "now upon ex-
hibition in their show windows.
FOR TWO WEEKS ONLY!
OUR SECOND SEMI-ANNUAL
GREAT AND GENUINE
CLEARANCE SALE
OF I '.y
ART GOODS
S. & Q. GUMPS,
11 GEARY STREET.
PICTURES, MIRRORS, . -V ..;
VASES, ORNAMENTS, 4
BRIC-A-BRAC, CLOCKS,
BkISS TABLES, LAMPS,
Crockery & Glassware
Paintings, Bronze and Marble
Statnary, Pedeslals, French ,
and Dresden Furniture, I
In Fact, Every Article in Our estab-
lishment, at a ».".
Discount of 20 Per Cent
FROM OUR REGULAR PRICES.MINES AND MINING
IN CALIFORNIA
"■"■^IIE College of Mines of the State Uni
■ 4\^ versity at Berkeley does not attract
•^l(>X current attention in the practl
•^-^ cal mining world and the mining as
well as the other portions of the population
, iocs not know as much about it as it should.
' It is an interesting fact, however, that Cali
3rn;a's College of Mines is the biggest and
best ono in America, and it is another
* interesting fact that there is an as
sured prospect that it will soon un
dergo an awakening and an expansion
that will make it the great mining school of
the world. This branch of the university
promises to be one of the first to partake of the
• development which is in prospect through the
? princely donations which are promised and
through the increased appropriation which
the present Legislature seems certain to freely
Kraut. Regent Reinstein has announced that
people of wealth have promised gifts for
special purposes aggregating over $4,000,
--000 . and that among them is one who
. wishes to provide the College of Mines with
. buildings and equipments which will make
.it the greatest and most famous mining school
• in the world. The College of Mines is now
going quietly and efficiently along, turning
out an increasing number of young men
Equipped with the scientific and technical
knowledge which is more needed in the indus
try tivery year as scientific skill and methods
are more and more applied to mining. With its
crowded quarters and its limited funds the Col
lege of Mines cannot widen its field, but it is Re-
HAND AND MACHINE DRILLING, COLLEGE OF MINES, STATE UNIVERSITY.
gent Reinstoin's expectation that when it re
«- its magnificent new buildings, its new
iiboratories and Its increaeed faculty it will
, tomo into closer every-day toucn with the in
dustry and be more helpful to it. It will go
forth to the mining regions as the Agricul
. tural College is now going to the farmers and
horticulturists, hold miners' institutes and in
Forse degree and by some s<frt oi university ex
• ou methods take the college to the miners
who cannot come to it. It wiil be able to carry
on scientific research along various lines of
rtance to the industry, and will becoma
the greet center of m\ning science and mining
. instruction. There is no thought or wish to
eater tne important practical domain of the
Mining Bureau, much of whose work could
B veil done at the university. This fu
i indefinite, and the name of the million
aire who proposes to do this princely thing Is
. not.g'lTen.
• This gift, like that of Mrs. Hearst and
some others not ye: announced, awaits the
new plan for the buildings and grounds and
a-ie'ijuate provision by the State for the ex
per.*es of the university.
-." .-. The State may be nroud of its College oi
Mil es as it is, however — 9s handicapped a* :t
. is for room Rnd money. As a result oi the
>', of Interest in mining the number
oi students enrolled for the mining course
this year is nearly double what it was last
year or any year in its history. Last year there
wer<j sixty students and this year there is 110.
As the college oi Mines is an integral part of
the university and not a merely affiliated in
stitution, with an entirely indepenaent
faculty, like the coUeges of medicine,
law end dentistry, it possesses at
once an advantage which could never
be gained by un independent institution.
Physics, chemistry, mathematics and
geoiogy are the foundation of the rcinine
course, and the students in mining pursue
these studies i a common with all other stu
dents of the university. The buildings, iabor
. atcrivs. etc., which afford facilities lor these
studies could not be supplied for .$1,000,000.
The "department of geology under Professor La
Contc is famous for its work and its men, and
Its museum comprises many thousands oi
specimens. The new and magnificently
equipped chemistry building and the separate
1 A - : 'gs and equipments for the depaitments
oW" . hacical and electrical engineering are
• also thai parts of the College of Mines.
The college has separate buildings of its
own which are rather extensive, but still in
adequate. A large tnree-story brick building
and a frame building, in whicn is a small but
•complete mill for gold and silver ores, are de
.voted exclusively to instruction in mining
and metallurgy. This department Is presided
ever by Professors. Jl. Christy, who has held
the chair of mining and meuuiurgy for many
years.
Professor Christy has gained his;h rank as a
metallurgist, ana his recent researches in con
nection with the cyanide process have at
tracted widespread attention among miners
ond metallurgists. The equipment of this
department is especially adapted to the ctudy
of the ores of gold and .'■ilver, and this
specialty, which is a proper one on the Pacific
. 'Mstingni'hes this school from all other
1 ' tiihr ones in tne world. Among the import-
Ri'.t leatuies of the equipment for the special
o! mining is the assay laboratory oc-
Dg six rooms, and a retearch leboratory
01 four rooms, well supplied with furnices for
»1 tests of ores, a crushing and sampling
tot i (host for the sharpening and tempering
of tools, and in a separate building a complete
ipplied with an ore-crusher, thrue-Mamp
battery, concentrator and a great variety
of other machinery. The laboratories
and shops ara well equipped with elec
trical, chemical, physical and mechani
cal accessories, and several thousand
lantern slides and a stereopticon in the lec
ture-room illusirate every phase of mining nil
over the world. Ores of all kinds and grades
ar«vir"uly supplied by mine-owners from all
ovc« lac coast. About one-half a student's
tiff^ is spent in tUo laboratory, mi!l or other
practical work, and one of tne first things a
student learns is how to drill holes in the big
granite blocks set behind the main building,
using first Hand drills and sledges and then
different sorts of machine drills. From this
the student advances to the higher prob
lems of milling engineering. Each vacation
the students, with few exceptions, spend the
whole time at actual work in some oi the big
mines working In various ways like the mm
ers there and being paid whatever tliey are
worth. Last summer six worked in the Treaa
weil mine in Alaska and others in the Utica
and otner California mines. Some work this
way to help themselves through tho course
and come back and live on $10 a mo'ith, but
Professor Christy urges this bummer work on
all the students as an important feature of
their mining education. He believes that
every mining superintendent should know
just how it govs to sweat all day and have
aching bones at the end of the shift.
OurCollegeof Mineshassentforthia the past
many men who have achieved great success at
home and in other parts of the world and
some are among the best known mining ex
perts of the world. Many mare of its gradu
ates will achieve success and lame. The min
ing development of the Pacific Coast lia> but
fairly begun, and men who combine natural
ability wiih thorough scientific training, to
which experience is added, will be iv increas
ing demand. Just now morj men are newly
turning to mining than ever before, a ma
jority seekin? a short cut. as is attested
by the greater numbars who are talcing brief
courses in assaying in . the private schools and
assay shops in this City and by the number
tnat arc picking up a smattorint; as they can
preparatory to prospecting tcr: bonanzas next
summer. It is not from amoa^ these, how
ever, that the capital of the future will sum
mon skii! where skill and exact scientific
i knowledge are of vital importance.
'Mining isa thing in which a little learning
is a dangerous thing to one's self and friends,"
said Professor Christy the other day. "It is a
difficult business and one of the hardest
courses in tne university, for it requires edu
cation on so many sides. Our graduates are
thoroughly grounded in the sciences in which
mining depends, but a graduate should spend
four or five years in a tubordiuate position in
a mine before assuming aa executive position.
We are not trying to turn out mining experts.
"I don't believe much in mining experts.
The business is overdone. Nothing but long
experience and a good education will make an
expert, and I don't think that any man under
40 has a right to pose as a min
ing expert. Young men should not
come here thinking that they arc
going to have an easy time and an easy road
to fortune in the businpss. They should an
ticipate hard work, privation *ud hardship
A graduate, however, is sure of a fair living
and be has a chance for a ioriunc. Mining
pre;eats more risks and hardships than any
other profession, but the few prizes are
greater."
A majority of the graduates who are not
sons of rich miners at once find employment
as assayers at mines at from $75 to jplfiO a
month, and the demand is greater tiian the
HANGING WALL, EUREKA MINE, WHERE THE LODE WAS VERY RICH.
supply. A graduate of the College of Mines
has this for a surety and the world to hustle
In for something better.
Mining Miscellany.
The sale of ; the L 9. Roi mine in British
Columbia for $4,000,000 to a London syndi
cate is in process of negotiation. . . ,
The monthly output of the Baker City, Or.,
camp is said 10 be $170,000.
The discovery of good cinnabar in William
Burke* mine near Steamboat Springs, Nev., is
reported.
The Black Hills Mining Review Rsserts that
the gold and silver production of the lilack
Hills district In 189(5 was $8,215,000, in
stead of $1,000,000, as estimated by the
United Stau-s Mint.
The California Exploration Company has
under negotiation the bonding of the Gwin
mine in Calaveras County, from 11. Howartn
for $40,000.
Ore is being worked at the Bodie tunnel
mill at an exoense of $2 a ton, and it is ex
pected the Introduction of electric power wiil j
further rtduce the cost.
St. Louis capitalists are to develop the Van
Slyke mines, eignteen miles south of Needles.
San Bernardino County.
The men working the Carson River with a
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 14, 1897.
dredger are going to erect a cyanide plant to
save the gold more effectively.
In the Alma mine, Amador County, the dia
mond drill was staried at the 1000-foot level
and the ledge was struck 105 feet from the
shaft.
A four-foot ledge of high-grade ore was
strucK last week at a depth of 265 feet in the
Eagle King mine, near Grizzly Flats, El Do
rado County.
The Downing Mining Company of Visalia
has bought a large interest in the Rademacher
mine, Kern County. A crosscut has turned up
a 20-foot ledge ol good ore.
P. A. Weguer of San Francieco has bonded
the Placer County properties of the Sailor
Consolidated Mining Company for a German
syndicate. It includes the Sailor, Sally, Alma
! and Hazel drift mines.
The Government of New South Wales has
long pursued an original policy in stimulating
mining development, offering large rewards
for the discovery of new gold fields, lending
| capital to aid the development of mines, etc.
j Now the Minister of Mines recommends that
j classes be established in Sydney and other
j places to Instruct prospectors in mineralogy
! and assaying in an elementary way to im
, prove their chances of success.
Tne British Columbia Gazette shows that 336
I mining companies were formed in that pro
' vince last year, with a total capitalization of
| $345,000,000.
Four Oakland men are averaging $3 a day
| per man from oid tailings on ground they
j have leased in El Doraao County.
i A rich strike Of copper ore has been made at
| Iron Mountain. The Mountain Copper Com
pany now employs 900 men and handles 500
tons of ore daily.
A twenty days' run at the Infernal gravel
mine. Calaveras County, where development
work is being done by six wen, yielded $1200.
J^lacroscopical Examination.
BY MELVILLE ATTWOOD.
Tl.e "Macrcscopic il" examination of the
wall rocks of different metalliferous fissures
and the ores or lode matters In them is of the
greatest importance to the miner. For in-
I stance, by simply grinding and polishing
some of the rich ores of tho
taken at the surface of the Ophir mine nnd
down at the 1750 level of tho Consolidated
Virginia— the large proportion of the eiec
trum, or native alloy o£ gold and silver, can
there be plainly seen by the naked eye. When
extrecting the ore the rich portion of it should
have been carefully selected and tl. • ore as
sorted, the assorting being done after the fol
lowing mode: Tho ore should have been
passed through crushers set a few inches
apart, ana from them into a ciruuiar revolv
ing wire screen .some feet long, having holes
of ha;f an inch. A stream of water should be
made to pass through the top of the screen,
and the slope or angle of which made to
suit the character of the ore ia be treated.
From the screen, when well washed, the ore
should be delivered to a round rev->. vir.g as
sorting taale, where, with a piece cf fcoopiron,
the a-sortin? by hand is done. The C'omstock
assorted ore would then have been worth
many thousands of dollars a ton by smelting.
The nincrcscopiea! examination of recks is
the mere inspection of the outer surface
viewed as an opaque object, yet If the examin
ation is properly conducted it will, 1 think,
afford all the necessary information required
Dy the miner to enable him roughly to dis
tinguish the character of the rock, especially
if the rock should be of a coarse texture.
la the macrcrscopical investigation of rocks
these parts of the mineral constituents dis
cernible by the naked eye, or by the aid of a
common magnifier, can be easily studied,
with reference to crystalline form, cleavage!
color, luster, hardness, solubility in acids',
DiHgnetic properties, etc.
The specimen of rock selected for examina
tion should have a go&d fresh surface of frac
■ure and be free fiom decomposition; size,
about 3 or 4 inches across and 1«£ inciies
through; with a trimming hammer prepare
the 134-Inch surface, or dress it as even as pos
sible; then procure an iron p'.ate with a
smooth face, about 10 inches square and one
haif inch thick, on which put emery powdor
No. 80 and water; rub the prepared face of the
specimen upon it till it is smooth enough to
polish. This can be done by getting a piece of
thick glass about the same size as the iron
plate, on which put fine emery and water, and
ap;nm rub tbe specimen till you obtain a flue
polish.
When polished, heat the specimen on a
Move so that you can Darely handle ii, and
when in that condition rub Canada balsam
over one-naif of the polished surface. When
cold it will harden so that it can be handled
without injury. A small fragment may be
broken from the unpolished end to try its
specific gravity, magnetic properties, and also
for acid tests. The following implements will
be found sufficient for this simple mode of in
vestigation:
First— A common magnifier, mounted in
horn, that being lighter than metal. It should
have three powers aud be set in a spectacle
frame with screens, so that the different
powers can be easily changed.
Second— A small bar magnet, and also a
magnetic needle freely suspended or sup
ported.
Third— A small unglazed porcelain streak
plate.
Fourth— A bottle of hjrochloric acid with a
fine glass rod attached to the stopper.
Fifth— A dressing hammer with the head
about three inches long; one end with a lace
half an inch square and the other chisel
shaped.
Sixth— A pocket micrometer, same as m ade
by A. Sletz.
Seventh— A piece o; fist iron ten inches
square and half an inch thick.
Eighth— A piece of thick glass, ten Inches
square, and a few pounds of coarse and fine
emery.
Ninth— Scale of hardness.
After many trials I found the best ana
easiest mode of determining the hardness
was to have the minerals forming the scale of
hardness mounted something like a writing
diamond. Ureas, for instance, the corundum,
topaz, etc., into fragments, una after select
ing those with fine, sharp points prcceea to
mount them in the following mtaner:
Take a small rubber pencil and extract the
rubber from the end of it. Then with a small
spirit lamp melt some Inpidary's cement into
the vacant space; with a small pair of pliers
take the (raiments of minerals, heat one end
of them and insert it into tne cement in the
enl of the pencil wnile the cement is warm:
by weuing your finger you can mold it into
any shape you please, and when cold, if
properly done, it hardens and answers just as
well as if set iv metal, with the advantage
that you can renew it ai any nme in a iew
moments.
In addition to the implements named ».
smaii collection ot" the commoner types of for
eign rock should be procured and prepared
with polished sides after the manner before
described.
Tlk' specimens of igneous roekihould consist
of era. lite, syenite, diorite, gubbro diabase,
dolerite and basalt, and of small bottles with
fragments of me different feldspars showing
character and cletivage: orthocla.se (potash
feldspnr), albite (soda), auonhlte (lime), labra
dorite (isme soda); al*o small pieces of horn
blende and augite. Thetriclinic teldspar may
be distinguished from monociinic, c. g., oiigo
clase or labradorite from ortboclase by the
presence of fine parallel htriaj along the surface
of certain of the cleavage plane*. Hornblende
crystals bave generally a fibrous structure,
by which they may ofteu be recognized from
augite crystals. In the following table by
Professor Bonney igneous rocks are classified
primarily according to their mineralogical
composition, and secondarily according to
their intimate structure.
Jlrtrix i
Wholly j
CrysiKlllue.
Matrix
r-emi-
CrystaUiue.
Matrix
Glass.,.
1. Orthoclase
I
fe.dspar.
(a)Quanz-
ilrrous..
(6)Quaru-
U-BS
Granite.
Qusrtz,
1. ISIU-.
Quart z-
tihCtiyie.
Sail id in-
trathyte.
i p.tcj-.sione
and
obsidian.
Syenite.
feisiie,
m.neue.
2.Plagloclase
feidspar.
(a)Oi igo-
clese,
some-
tlni.-g
quartz. .
(6)l.iitiraJo-
riu-,'ir
allied
mineral
or quartz
Andesite.
Diorite i
I'orpbyrite.
Gabbro |
dlatwtfl ;
doierite, i
tMMIC.
Some
basalts.
!
|
, Tachylite.
It will also be necessary to have a few speci
mens of metumcrphio, crystalline schists,
sedimentary and fragmental rocks.
Witb the small collection of the already
named characteristic rocks for comparison,
the rough determination of hand specimens of
the inclosing rocks may easily be arrived at.
The coating of Canada bulssra shows the
structure and crystalline character much
better than the ordinarily po'.i?hedl»urfnce, so
th<U the tests for hardness, etc., should be ap
plied only to the polished surface.
By tinving the lenses «c* in spectacle frames
both hands ore at liberty, one to hold the rock,
the other to use the scale of hardness, or to ap
ply the fine glass rod dipped in acid to try if
any of the component pans of the specimen
effervesce.
These tests for comparison can be applied to
those types in the collection which resemble
the one being tested.
The magnetic properties can be tested with
a freely suspended magnetic needle, or by
breaking a portion of the rock into small
fragments, washing It in a batea, and then
applying the bar magnet to the heavier parti
cles. .
The size of the crystals may be measured
into a pocket micrometer.
1 do not remember to have seen or read of
the macroscopic inspection of rocks being
made by cutting large slices and polishing
their faces, but whether it has been done be
fore or not is not of much importance. One
thing is certain— that No. 2 specimen (photo
graphed), taken from the hanging wall against
the richest part of the shoot in the Eureka
mine, Grass Valley, could not be well deter
mined in any other way, whether by chemical
analysis or by microscopic sections. There
fore the macroscopical examination of rocks is
strongly to be recommended to all miners and
prospectors as of the highest importance.
The Second Symphony Concert.
Tho becond coTicert of the San Francisco
Symphony Society will take place at the
Columbia Theater next Thursday afternoon
at 3:30 o'clJok. The orchestra of fifty-five re
mains unchanged with the exception that
John Marquardt will be concert-master in
place of Slgrnund Beel, who will leave dur
ing the week for Europe. Gus:av Hinrlchs
displays excellent tabte and judgment in the
not ens? task of programme-making, and
next Thursday's is one that appeals to all
music-lovers. It contains two numbers to be
given for the first tim«» in this City. The com
plete programme i*: Overture, ''Sakuntalß,"
Goldmnck; "Symphony No. 2," f) major
Pee;hoven; suite for strings, '"Love's Stories ''
Kruf?; •'Rhap>odie Kspa^nol," Chabrier.
KEW TO-DAT.
RARE
BAR-
GAINS^
What the public wants it
must h "'*. so our great clear-
ance $• Ie w ! ' be continued.
Infants' Fine KM, button, patent-
leathor tips, _._ '2. to 6, reduced
t0............. ■;. 45 C
Boys' Fine Calf Button Shoes, sizes 11
iol'j nnd 3 to .81.15
Men'.* Kelt Lace Shoes felt soles and
low leather heels, sizes 6 to 11, re-
duced t0......: ...' $1 15
Men's Calf Lace and Congress, wide
toes, tipped or plain, reduced from'--*-
-$".50 to jgi go
Kw'lVlM Calf Dress Shoes, Lace or '
Congress, narrow, square or razor
toe, reduced to $2.60
Kast's
738-740 Market St
Carry n Full Line of Buckingham
& Hecht's JKine Shoes.
SEND FOR CATALOGUE.
QUEER THINGS IN
LEATHER CARVING
Work Formerly Done by
Indians Now Made an
Art Here.
Strange Pictures on Skins and
Wcod in Miss Binckley's
Studio.
Chicago the Only Other Place in the
United States Where the Art
Is Practiced.
Miss Nellie Binckley, the artist, of this
City, has for some time past been giving
ber attention to etching with tire and to
leather carving, especially the former.
Leather carving is dono very little in this
country. A Chicago paper a short time
ago had a long article setting forth that a
leather-carver had lately arrived in Chi
cago from Spain, but that outside of that
there were no carvers in leather in the
United States, except two ladios in Cali
fornia.
Miss Binckley's studio on Sutter street
shows a large amount of etchings by fire.
The etchings are chiefly on wood ana
leather. She says that really the original
etchings here were done by the Indians,
as may be seen by an examination of the
inner sides of the bearskin?, elkskins
and hides ot other animals on which they
have drawn curious Indian figures with
fire. The burning lines are traced by the
pointed piece of sjeel known »s a cautery,
which is kept red hot by the generation of
hydrocarbon vapor in a small bottle.
"California furnishes a most attractive
field tor a line etcher or professional, for
there is such a fascinating variety of beau
tiiiu woods to choose from. Tho u e most
used are poplar, sycamore, white holly,
redwood and niadrone. The latter has a
tone admirable as a suggestion of flesh
tint and is excellent for heads," said the
lady yesterday.
'Leather is as much adapted for this
decoration as wood and is almost as dur
able. A new leather has been prepared
by a special process for tir! etching. It is
called velvet calf and has an exquisite
velvety surlace, somethii.g like suede or
undressed kid, and is soft and pliable. It
is dyed in a variety of colors, usually
gray, '.erra cotta and green. Sheepskin is
tanneu with the same velvety finish now
and is much less expensive than the calf.
"Then there is leather carving. This
has been done a great deal in Germany,
bnt it is ronsidtred more distinctively
Mexican. It is entirely different from the
old Spanish and German stamped leather
and is literally carved with suarp tooh.
A Mexican has recently begun doing this
work .n Ciiicago and O'Hara & Livermore
intend to introduce it here.
"In the older llexican towns dark-eyed
artisans worn still at the leather, won
drously cut and carved, ar.d known to
all the world as a remnant of the days
when every man was a cavalier, and his
saddle the prondest of his possessions.
•'Now comes the etching of the leather,
technically called pirogravure, growing
under the hands that is dominant to
day — the race oi new women. As to my
own work in fine etching, my specialty is
heads ana figures. It bores me to extinc
tion to do conventional designs. I hate
to do anything which has to be exactly
the same on each side. It is purely me
chanical. Any one can doit. It only re
quires care. It is no particular credit jo
get it perfect and it is disgraceful to get it
wrone.
"But to do a figure design well ia some
thing ;hat interests one more, and is to a
ereat or less extent an achievement. One
must feel it enter into tbe spirit of the
design or it will be stiff and wooden. It
takes a sure eye and a steady hand, and a
sufficient Knowledge of anatomy (in ligure
work), to give the worker the power of
assimilating the designs, and putting it
forth aeain from his own brain without
the necessity lor constant reference to the
design.
"When one makes a long, flowing line,
it is disastrous to glance aside at the
copy. An instant's pause :n the progress
of your red hot point and a hole, or at
least a period, appears, and the line is
spoiled."
Among the etchings which Miss B'nck
ley has is one of Cypress Point, near Mon
terey, with a view of the sea; figures of
Indians and Chinese and of bears and
other wild nnirnals.
Grape-Growers and Wineuien Meet.
The following has been sent to grape-grow
ers and winemeu:
Sax Francisco, Feb. 10, 1897.
Dear Sir: A conventlou of grape-growers, wine
makers, wine merchants and uistlllers will be heid
at in? Chamber of Co» merce, or:d door. Mer
chants' Jixchange bnildinit, California street, sa:i
Fr»ndsc", on Tuesday. February 18, at 1 . A. M.
The object of this convention la to consider and
take upi ropriate action on the pioposltiou coming
from ChUago lor the United >tat*s to enter into
reciprocal urranKemi nti wild France. (,«rnintiy
and other countries as to wines Other niHtiers re
garding National legislation 'affecting tin 1 Yiiicui
tural induury will also be discussed and a policy
outlined and tleterrai Jed.
It is important that this convention t-e attended
by wine- Leakers, wine merchants aud vinayaidtsts
throughou the state.
You are urgently requested to be present. Yours,
AKi'Ali HaUASZTHY.
President College of I taciic-ul Viticulture.
STEW TO-DAT.
Another week of great and
rare bargains. Be quick and
take Advantage of them.
Ladies' Fine Black Cloth Top, button,
pointed or narrow square toe. pp.t-
ent-leather tips, reduced from !?2.50
to $1.85
Ladies' Fur-bound Romeoa, satin
quilted, rtdm-ed from $12.50 to $1.00
Missies' Fine Kid, butum, square toe
and tip, spring heels, s.Zi's 11 to -. $1.20
Child's Black Cloth Top Button, pat-
ent-leather tips, hano-turned soles,
spring heels, t, zess to 7J' 2 95c
Child's Fine Kut Buttim. patent-
leather tips, spring he»ls, sizes 8
. to 10^ '. 95c
738-740 Market St.
We Do Not Prepay Mail or Ex-
press Charges on the Above Adver-
tised Goods.
MAIL ORDERS PROMPTLY FILLED.
NEW TO-DAT-DRY GO IPS.
Firml at\i\ opportunities
* nidi aim ABOUND FOR EVERY
f\i*&€*+acr4- ONE TO SAVE MONEY
VJlcaiCM at our eat Sacrifice
r> -^^ • rx Clearance Sale this week,
Bargain DayS tor its final days are at
... hand, as SPRING IMPOR-
Ol AIL TATiONS ARE POURING
IN in such tremendous
quantities that WE ARE FORCED TO SACRIFICE
ALL THOUGHT OF VALUE in furtherance of our
efforts to clear out the remainder of our vast sur-
plus stock of Fall and Winter goods at once.
To fully appreciate these opportunities our store
should be visited, but their extraordinary character
can be inferred from the following
Specimen Price Reductions!
CO I OP F n 122 ? ! ? ces 37-INCH FANCY MIXED DRESS GOODS,
vvl.v/i\uu stylish colorings, line value for 50c a yard; Clear- OK«
ptrjpQQ a nee Sale price ; .iOC
/-/-k^rir. ' 113 pieces 40-INCH HEAVY ALL-WOOL DRESS
(jlJljL/O, GOODS, in checks, mottled, boucles and figured, D v /»
good value for 60c a yard; Clearance Sale price ODC
91 pieces 43-INCH FINE ALL-WOOL HIGH-CLASS FRENCH FIGURED KA
SUITING, extra value for $1 a yard; Clearance Sale price OUC
52 pieces INCH ALL-WOOL ENGLISH NAVAL STORM SERGE, value M*-,
for $1 a yard ; Clearance Sale price DDO
47 pieces 43-INCH ALL-WOOL AND SILK- AND- WOOL HIGH-ORADE
FRENCH NOVELTY SUITING, latest colorings, worth *1 and $1 25 a n~
yard; Clearance Sale price  >># IOC
\ : ■ • •• •' •
; — — . / '
Rf ACk" 25 T)ieces S9-INCH BLACK ENGLISH MOHAIR, worth QK«
UL.rtV/fV 60c a yard, will be closed outat ODC
nnfin^ 50 pieces BLACK ENGLISH STORM SERGES, Mohair
KJKJKJUtDm finish, in three different wales, regularly sold for 75c a CA
yard, will be closed out at DUG
2 cases ENGLISH CHEVIOTS, 58 inches wide, regular value $1 59 a yard r>~
will be closed out at /OC
IC 30 pieces BLACK SATIN BROCADES, medium and large £A«
:71 1 -' rv designs, regular value 35c a yard ; Clearance Sale price.... DUO"
DEP'T 20 P !eces 24-INCH BLACK DUCHESSE SATIN, extra (£-1 A A
• heavy, regular value $1 50 a yard; Clearance Sale price tjpl.UU
35 pieces BLACK BROCADED DUCHESSE. rich, handsome designs, regu- ©1 AA
lar value $150 a yard ; Clearance Sale price $ItUU
CA PF LADIES' DOUBLE RIPPLE CAPEB, of black bea-
** ■ 1 -«*- 7 » ver, upper cape and collar edged with satin and fin- ' : ',S'£
IAfI^PTQ ished with several rows of stitching, former price GO rjfr
JnVIVU 10. $6 50 each; Clearance Sale price 7.... tpO.lD
SADIES' TWO-TONED ASTRAKHAN CLOTH CAPES, lined with silk
serge, from? and storm collar edged with blacfc Thibet fur, former price ©£ Q"
$10 each; Clearance Sale price tJpO.OD
LADIES' TAN KERSEY JACKETS, half lined with silk, slashed collar ©7 t A
inlaid with velvet, Hy front, former price $1250 each; Clearance Sale price «p • »DV/
FMRDfII- CAMBRIC GUIPURE EMBROIDERY, regular price K rt
■-• ' * » *-* "V. I 10c a yard ; Special Clearance Sale price DO
HFPIFS CAMBRIC GUIPURE EMBROIDERY, regular price in
L ' 1 -' I^ l1 -'* 20c a yard; Special Clearance Sale price... IUC
CAMBRIC, NAINSOOK AND SWISS GUIPURE EMBROIDERY, special C)*
valuer, per yard at 7}£c, 12>^, 15c, 20c and &v\j
IS I P| 50 dozen 5 and 7 HOOK FOSTER KID GLOVES, colors
IV. 1 *-* • and black (odd sizes), slightly imperfect, worth regular f? A
rzt QVCC $1 50 and $1 75 a pair; Clearance Sale price .;. DxJij
98 dozen 4-BUTTON GENUINE FRENCH KID GLOVES, embroidered
backs and large buttons, colors tan, mode and brown, also blacK, regu- Qi A A
lar price $1 50 a pair; Clearance Sale price i'...\ $J.«l/l/
llip\l»C 75 dozen MEN'S HEAVY FULL-FINISHED MERINO
iflCl> «^ SOCKS, with double splicea heels and toes, in assorted 1 01/»
■ \\/CA"D- colors, regular price 25c a pair; Clearance Sale price A.<mi<Sj
42 dozen MEN'S AND BOYS' TENNIS FLANNEL OVERSHIRTS. with
deep yokes and pearl buttons, well assorted patterns, regular price 83c . Krt/»
each ; Clearance Sale price 01/
38 dozen MEN'S UNDYED SANITARY LAMB'S- WOOL UNDERSHIRTS
AND DRAWERS, warranted thoroughly shrunk, good value for $125 7X/»
each; Clearance Sale price  I DL;
lIZZIZIZIZZZIZZIZZZZZZIZZIIIIZZZIZZ^ZZZZIIZZIZZZ
IT M I PI LADIES' JERSEY RIBBED EGYPTIAN COTTON UNION
LJi^liWl^l SUITS, nigh neck, . long "sleeves, ankle, length, heavy QA/»
CI HTs weight, worth $1 25 each, on Special Sale a;.. «/UO
LADIES' JERSEY RIBBED UNION SUITS, high neck, long sleeves,
ankle length, warranted two-thirds wool and non-shrinking, natural (&1 QA
color, worth $2 50 a suit, on special Sale at «S)JL.OI/
fOP^FTS LADIES' SATEEN CORSETS, extra long waist,
vUI\^L4 1 +J» hinb. bust, two side steels each side, handsomely ■
fflD^PT^ embroidered with colored silk flossing, black and ©1 AA
w\-/tv*»- 7 1-i I *-?• drab, regular pnceslso; on Special Sale at ; $I.UU_
LINENS We have always prided in our Linen business, because it
I IMCMC* has b:en large and satisfactory to our customers. There
I—- 1 IN t> IN o. is good reason for it. We choose our goods from the best
European makers, and handle them at a doss profit. That is why we are
confident we can give, at all times, best values, largest varieties and good
satisfaction. For this week a few extras. t<
BLEACHED DAM ASK, 58 inches wide, a new line of patterns; this week 991.
at :.'. .yard ££A»
■ ___ • . ■ .., .. ■ '• • '
!AN EXTRA GRADE CREAM PURE LINEN DAMASK, solid weave,. 63 KA~
inches wiiie; this week at.... .:......... yard O\J\j ,
A CLOSELY WOVEN BLEACHED IRISH LINEN 3-4 NAPKIN (21 ©1 1 V
inches square); Special this week ; .... dozen $1«aO
BLEACHED HUCK TOWELS, nice borders, size 19x37 inches..... ©1 Q"
..dozen $J.»OD
CHECK GLASS LINEN, 18 Inches wide. Irish make, the 10c a yard grade; Hi
this week's price .........' " 42C
WASH JUST OPENED-The choicest lines of FINE PRINTED DIM-
r-rkrTrl ci ITIESf French organdies, scotch printed lap-
UUUIJ^. PETS, ENGLISH PERCALES, DENTELLE FRANC
AMERICAN BATISTES* Etc., in rich, stylish and exclusive effects, and at
prices almost as low as the common fabrics. [ :
I ft By ' MURPHY ' BUILDING, - - /
1/1/ Mariet Street, Corner of Jom /
'. Saix FreLaacisQ©.
2122
CHARLES M. SHORTRIDQE,
Editor and Proprietor.
— —
SUBSCRIPTION RATES -Postage Free:
Dally and Sunday Call, one week, by carrier.. (O.lfi
Pally and Sunday Call, one year, by ma 11 . .. 6.00
Pally and Sunday Call, six months, by mall.. 8.00
Pally and Sunday Cam., three months by mall 1.60
Pally and Sunday Call, one month, by mall.. - .65
Sunday Call, one year, by mail 1.60
\. tixo-v Cau, one year, by mall ••• 1.6U
BUSINESS OFFICE:
• 710 Market Street,
San Francisco, California.
Telephone Main— lß6S
EDITORIAL ROOMS:
617 Clay Street.
Telephone Main— lß74
BRANCH OFFICES
627 Montgomery street, corner Clay; cpen until
8:80 o'clock.
339 Hayes street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
(115 I arkln street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
B\V. corner Sixteenth and Mission streets; open
until 9 o'clock.
2518 Mission street- open until 9 o'clock.
1(57 Ninth street; open until 9 o'clock.
1305 I'oln street; open until 9:30 o'clock,
OAKLAND OFFICE:
808 Broadway.
EASTERN OFFICE:
Rooma SI »nd 82, 34 Park Row, New York City.
DAVID M. FOLTZ, Eastern Manager.
THE! CALL SPEAKS FOR ALL,
SUNDAY FEBRUARY 14,1897
THE FAKE AND THE FACT.
— THE FAKE!
The Examiner published for several days at the
top of its title page th.- fallowing fa^e:
THE EXAMINER PUELISHED
249,757 Inches
Of Ads During JS96.
5964 More
Than were published by any
other San Francisco newspaper.
In the publication of this fake the Examiner
was probably not aware that a careful record was
b»lrg kept of the actual amount in inch' of Its
advertising and that in consequence it could be
confronted with the following fact.
T^E PACT
THE EXAMINER PUBLISHED
236,528 Inches
Of Ads During J896.
That is one fact and here is an-
other:
THE CALL PUBLISHED
239,551 Inches
Of Ads During 1896.
3,023 More
Inches were published in
THE CALL than in the
Examiner during J896.
It Is to be remembered that during 1896 th*
Examiner published approximately 800 inches of
Illegal lottery advertisements, of walch Tim Call
did not and would not {hibllsh one.
Ihe monarch of the f oxers- has doubtless suc-
ceeded in securing thousands of inches of adver-
tising during the past year by dup n • and deceiv.
ing advertisers through false acd arrogant asser-
tions of the Character of the foregoing lake. It
would seem, however, from the facts that the
merchants as a rule have not been misled by its
fraudulent pretenses.
The Examiner boasts that Its books are open to
inspection, but we suggest that it Inspect Its own
looks before it venture) uoon the publication of
another fake.
We congratulate the public on the fact that the
rxrosure of this fake led the Examiner to drop it.
. In this the Examiner was discreet, and if it l-i wise
li will make no more such bold attempts to
deceive the public.
Join bands for free Cuba.
It is time to pui au end to Bpanish
butcheries.
Now that Greece is boiling Turkey will
soon be cooked.
It is time for the Kaiser to be adding to
his wardrobe a fatigue uniform.
Carson can hardly call this thing a
boom, but it is certainly a bis? bulge.
The Cuban committee in San Francisco
will be as strong as any in the Union.
War in Europe seems one of the unex
pected things that are going to happen in
spite of business and diplomacy.
The Greek idea of making war in order
to put an end ti Turkish atrocities is good.
Battles are better than butcheries.
It is possible that Cleveland may veto
the immigration bill as it will be his last
chance to get a lick at the country.
The reform Spain offers to Cuba has a
Btringon it, and Cubans are resolved not
to nccept the gift until they have cat the
string.
Tne European concert is rapidly becom
ing a symphony of war trumpets, with an
accompaniment of drums in the distance
Bouuding the reveille.
We would be false to our own history if
we did not show a prompt sympathy with
every American country seeking 10 estab
lish its independence of European control.
In the present condition of European
affairs England would be glad to arrange
an arbitration treaty with the United
States on almost any terms. The game is
in our hands.
A considerable number of Eastern edi
tors are criticizing tne new treasury notes
in a way which is calculated to produce
t:.e impression tnat they are fastidious as
to the kind of money they take.
The Stanford mansion will give a su
perb city home to the university at Palo
Alto and serve to b: ing it into closer rela
tions wall the metropolis. From these
relations benefits will flow both to the
university atnl to the city, and there ij
reason, therefore, for a general congratu
lation on this new evidence of Mrs. Stan
ford's munificent regard for the public
welfare.
Since San Francisco is to have a farm
ers' club,- efforts should be made to de
velop it into an organization large and
vigorous enough to attract the attention
of the State. It is time the people of the
interior were impressed with the truth
thai residents of San Francisco, so far
from being indifferent to rural industries,
are themselves engaged in such indus
tries on a large scale.
THE SOBER SECOND THOUGHT.
The people of the United States gave to the Torld an obj«ct lesson in conser
vatism in the last National election. Believing that the selected standard-bearers of
the Democratic party represented an element in society which was hostile to what is
commonly understood as the rights of property, and that the triumph of Bryanlsm
meant a disturbance if not an invasion of those rights, every citizen who had an in
vestment, large or smail, voted the Republican ticket and easily elected its National
nominees. In every community the country over the land-owners, the shareholders
in banks, mills, railroad?, factories, orchards and other industries, the owners of cor
porate bonds, the depositors in savings banks and the members of building and loan
societies, all flocked to the Eepubl'can standard, fearing the consequences of a victory
for the men and principles of the Chicago convention.
There is a deeper philosophy in tde result of tl c late election than may have been
noted at the time. It is to be remembered that the year 1895 was one of the darkest
in our Nation's commercial history ; that contraction an I depression and want of
confidence clogged every channel of trade and that distress and distrust were abroad
in the land. In the very midst of these unhappy conditions a National campaign
came on and by the action of the St. Louis and of the Chicago conventions the people
of the country were brought face to face with two suggested remedies for hard times
and bidden to choose Detween them.
The Republican platform plainly stated that the road to prosperity lay in main
taining the stability of the Nation's finances, in preservine the rights of property
and in the guarantee of safety in its investments and certainty in its returns.
On the other hand, the Chicago platform recommended an untried system of
finance and more than hinted at a wide application of socialism to the conduct of
business enterprises and the regulation of their affairs. Against this latter theory
of how to banish depression the sober second thought of the American people set
itself strongly and recorded its verdict that business activity and prosperity can b a
maintained, or, if lost, can be restored, only by keeping faith with property, whether
represented in the investments of the rich or the saved-up earnings of the poor.
The State of California has had several severe lessons as to the folly of frighten
ine capital away from investment by ilUadvised assaults upon that already invested.
The cvi's which grew rapidly out of the sandlot episode in our State history are only
too well remembered by those who saw their property depreciated and their savings
lo«t in the stagnation of business, the failures of bank*, the delayod return of con
fidence and the tardy investment of capital which prevailed for several years
after 1879.
In common with tho rest of the country t'e people of California voted that they
desired prosperity nnd believed that the way to get it was to discourage that spirit of
disturbance, of distrust, of unrest and of hostility to the rights of property and the
assurance of its safe investment which dominated tho Chicago convention and was
the war cry of its nominees and of the newspapers which came to their support.
The merchants, the business men, the depositors in savings banks, the share
holders in buildinc and loan societies, the thrifty and frugal possessors of property
in California of whatever amount or form, know full well that nothing in the way
of enterprise, of productive activity, of commercial or industrial prosperity can
come from fomenting a spirit of antagonism and distrust among the people and
toward the various business energies which exist in their midst. The arts of the
demagogue and the methods of the anarchist should not be allowed to gain a
footing here nor to dominate in tne shaping of public opinion regarding any
question of either general or local concern.
TREE CUBA.
It is gratifying to note thp rapidity with
which popular sympathy with the Cuban
patriots is crystallizing into a form which
will render it effective und useful in bring
ing to a close the prolonged war in the
island. Puolic sentiment so long as it is
dispersed and scattered is of little value,
but when it results in organization it ac
quires a force which gives it a power to
accomplish whatever is aimed at.
The Call nas taken up the cause of
Cuba bpenuse it believes ihe time ha 9 now
come wnen earnest effort should be made
to put an end to the destruction of prop
erly and the useless waste of blood. It is
clear to everybody that Spain cannot re
establish hr Government over the Cuban
people, nor maintain there that peace
which is essential to prosperity. She can
not uphold anywhere beyond the limits
of the city of Havana even a pretense of
low, nor secure to the people either their
pruperty or their lives. Her pride wiil
not permit her to make peace, and so she
prolongs a useless struggle which is lap
ldly degenera:ing into mere crime.
The people of the United States had a
prompt sympathy with the Cuban patriots
as soon as they declared themselves for
independence and showed on the battle-
Geld a sufficient courage to maintain it.
They restrained themselves, however, from
any overt act against the Spanish Govern
ment, and for a long time upheld the con
servative policy of the Cleveland admin
istration in refusing to recognize the bel
ligerent rights of the pat.iotx.
It is everywhere recognized, however,
that the time has now come when a more
resolute and decided policy should be
adopted. There is no longer any question
of the ultimate triumpn of the Cuban
people. The only issues involved in the
contest are the length of time through
which the struggle may be prolonged and
the amount of property and number of
human lives which may be sacrificed dur
ing its continuance. This being so it is not
only the right but the duty of the United
States Government to intervene and put
an end to the pillage, plunder and mur
der which under the name of war are
being perpetrated in the island.
In appointing a committee to organize
popular sentiment in this City and direct
it to the object of puttinz an end. to the
contest we shall be following a course
which has been taken in over 700 other
cities of the Union. Our committee,
therefore, will not stand alone. It will
not have to resort to action whicji v.-ill be
weak because it is isolated. It will have
the advantage of co-operai ing with com
mittees in other cities, and will be part
and parcel of a movement embracing the
whole Union and having back of it tne
force of nearly the whole people.
The men who through The Call have
signified their willingness to nerve on the
committee are citizens of such eminence
and influence that the general mass of the
population will cordially follow and sup
port them in all that they undertane. The
outlook for the movement, therefore, is
most promising. We may count on it
that San Francisco will soon take her
place alongside her sister cities of the
Union, and through organized and well
directed fffort will give encouragement,
aid and help toward the establishment of
the independence of Cuba and the freeing
of another American people from Euro
pean domination.
Boston critics have had their attention
drawn to the fact that the foremost Amer
ican novels of the day have ail been writ
ten by working journalists: Stephen Crane,
Julian Hawthorne, Harold Frederic and
Harding Davis. They are now discussing
whether this means an elevation of jour
nalism or a degradation of literature, and
they are having a hign time over it.
The cruiser Vesuvius ran past the block
ading squadron of Admiral Bunco at
Charleston without trouble, so we can
now brag of the speed and skill of our
blockade runners. No warships can stop
them.
To celebrate Jackson's day the Demo
crats split into factions and held separate
banquets, but in celebrating Lincoln's
birth iay the Republicans trot together in
sentiment ai we.l a^ in' numbers. That is
the difference bwtwoen t.'ie parties.
If it be true a-t reported that Bryan was
recently offered a salary of $25,000 a year
as editorial writer and refused it, then it
is evident there is another man in this
country as bie a fool a« Bryan himself.
Mr<. Bradley Martin may perhaps for
give and forget th<» sermons, but if she
ever se s half the pictures which hare
been niadp of her she will regret that ball i
to her dying day. I
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY: 14, 1897.
THE GREEK FIREBRAND.
The determination of the Greeks to pro
tect the Cretans from Turkish misrule and
massacre brings Europe close to the verge
of a general war. When the battle is once
be. Un between the Turks and the Greeks,
it will be aim ost impossible to confine it
to those countries. The conditions have
'ong been such in the Levant that a war
bejjun anywhere is as likely to spread
throu.-hout the whole region as a fire
started by a match in a field of dry stub
ble would be likely to sweep it all before
it could be extinguished.
That the statesmen of Europe recognize
ihis fact is shown by their eagerness to
prevent tne Greeks from taking the action
on which they i:ave decided. It is re
ported that the Emperor of Austria ha 3
warned the Kine of Greece that if he goes
to war he will have to b»ar the brunt
alone. It is also reported that the Czar of
Russia has notified the Cretans that they
must put an end to their inaurrections
against Turkish rule and ceaso to menace
the peace of Europe by their incessant
disturbances.
These warnings from Austria and Rus
sia signify a sense of alarm in the capitals
of botli countries. If either Austria or
Russia saw a way dear to avoid being in
volved in the contest, neither of them
would have been so prompt in their efforts
tojrevent it. The great powers of Europe,
inciudinK Austria and Russia, have been
trying for a year to devise a means of
kefipmß the peace in the Levant and pro
moting reforms in Turkey, and it is clear
that they see in the precipitation of Greece
a danger that all their plans will go to
pieces and that they will soon find them
selves forced into hostility with one
another and possibly into actual war.
It is not possible at this time to foretell
how the great nations will be divided if
the war should spread and become gen
eral. For some months past Great Britain,
France and Russia nave been in alliance on
the Turkish problem, and it is probable
that in case war came they would en
deavor to act on that alliance and take
the same side against any foes who might
arise. It is not likely, however, that the alli
ance would long continue. The interests of
England and Russia in Turkey are an
ta.omstic and so are the interests of Eng
land and France in Egypt. The conflict
of these interests would soon put an end
to any diplomatic harmony, and it is al
together likely that when the war actually
beean it would be found that France and
Russiawere on one side and Great Britain
with 3uch allies as she could obtain, on
the other.
One of the most serious complications
oi the Eastern question is found in the
fact that the antagonisms there are not
merely ho-tiliiies of race and commercial
interests, but of religion. The Christians
of Greece and Armenia aud of the Otto
man empire generally belong to ti.e
Greek church and are, therefore, co
religionists with the Russians and in hos
tility to the Roman Catholics of France
and Austria. These religious antago
nisms, which have little or no weight in
the Western world, are still matters of
profound importance in the East and will
have much to do with the final determin
ation of the Levantine problem. Alto
gether the subject is a mo«t complex and
confusing one and it is not to be wondered
at that European statesmen resort to every
means possible to avoid the impending
conflict.
COLLEGE MOEALS.
In the latest published reports of Har
vard College th?re is one from L. B. R.
Bri gs, Dean of the college, calling atten
tion to the serious matter of the existence
of a double standard of morals among the
students. It seems that to whatever ex
tent the siudents may be right or wrong
their conceptions of what is honest are
causing the faculty considerable embar
rassment in the management of tne uni
versity.
By one of the standards of morals recog
nlzrd at Harvard & liar, clearly known as
such, is despised and socially shunned,
but by the other the man who hands in as
his own wort what he has copied from
the writings of another man is not re
garded as having done anything dishon
orable. Ii the student trie? by copying to
win scholarships and prizes he is con
demned by his fellows, but in ordinary
examinations where a failure to make a
good showing would put the student in
danger of losing his degree his com
panions^ condone the offense. They re
gard the man as having miised an educa
tional opportunity, but consider the loss
as his own, and conclude that for the fac
ulty to suspend him would be unjust.
Some sample* of the Kind of excuses of
fered are given by the Dean, aud among
them the amusinu one of a student who
sail that he copied from a book so well
known that the instructor could not possi
bly suppose he meant to deceive; that he
iigreed with Thackeray's ideas and could
not improve on hi 3 language.
The Dean holds that such practice? are
clear cases of lying, and he makes a com
parison with the case of a man invited to
lecture before a society of gentlemen and
who reads without acknowledgment an
other man's work. This offen-e is not a
breach of rules merely, but it is clear-cut
fraud. Such a man may well he forgiven
by friends, but till lime and thought have
changed him ho cannot be accounted
trustworthy.
Another offense to which the Dean calls
attention is whai the students call "rag
tring" signs, and consider a mere frolic,
free from any dishonor. The Dean says
that these sign 3 are other men's prop
erty, which have cost money, and which
money alone can replace, and therefore
ihe man that takes them is a thief, and
moreover a tt.ief without the excuse of
hunger or poverty.
There- have for some time back been
complaints from the students that they
were pestered by a superfluity of rules; as
if they were mere cbi.dren, to be governed
in every little detail of conduct. Tni.-» re
port of Dean Briggs would indicate that
there are two sides to the question, and
that the students hav«> not so completely
put away the froiicsomeness of boyhood
as to be rightly freed from the restraints
that might be an Indignity to mature men.
THE LINCOLN BANQUET.
The banquets held by Republican organ
izations in various sections of the Uniou
in celebration of ttie birthday of Abraham
L ncoln afford a striking contrast to those
which were held by Democrats in celebra
tion cf Jackson's day. The salient feature
of the Democratic feasts was the intensity
of the antagonism between the various
factions oi the party, while that of the
Republican celebrations was the harmony
which prevails throughout the whole
orgarrzation in all the States of the
Union.
The only State in which there is at this
time even a suggestion of Republican dis
cord is Ohio, and the cciebration of Lin
coln's birthday in that State gave ample
evidence that these suggestions come more
from the desir? of Democrats than from
anything in the actual condition of ha
party. The chief banquet of the day in
Ohio was held in Zanesville, where the
Republican Laague Convention in the
State had jus*, been held. At this banquet
there appeared the leaders of both the s-o
--called factions. There were present Gov
ernor Bushnell and Marcus A. Hanna,
between whom, according to the Demo
crats, there is a bitter feud. Not one word
of any speech nor one action of any guest
at the banquet cave a particle of evidence
to confirm the Democratic assertions of
party division in the State. The proceed
ing throughout were full of harmony and
party loyalty and it was made amply
manifest that in Ohio, as well as elsewhere,
the Republican party stands united in its
opposition to the common foe and in its
determination to maintain the welfare of
the Republic.
The most noablo speeches of the occa
sion wera those made by Hon. William
A. White of Kansas at the Ohio banquet
and by Governo- I'ingree of Michigan at
Chicago. Mr. White pointed out the rea
son why Kansas ha- fallen from the Re
publican column, and showed by what
means it can be brought back to Its former
loyalty. Governor Pin^ree spoke of the
important subject of municipal reform
and the duty of the Republican party
with regard to it. and outlined a policy in
which, it is safe to say, he will have the
cordial support of Republicans every
where.
f?ince the two great parties of the coun
try have, by common consent, selected the
anniversary of the battle of New Orleans
and the anniversary of the birthday of
Lincoln as feast days, it would be well if
the observance were made more general
throughout the Union. There ought to be
Republican banquets in every important
town in the United Slates on Lincoln's
birthday, and there ought also to be Dem
ocratic banquets equally universal on the
day which has been chosen to do honor to
Andrew Jackson. Buch gatherings have
more than a mere partisan effect. They
•erve to recall the fundamental principles
of political parties and the memories of
the great statesmen and heroes of the
country. Certainly San Francisco should
vie with Eastern cities in maintaining
the?e memorial days, and we trust that in
iuture it will do so.
The Sorosis Club of New i'ork ha 3 de
clared in favor of international marriages
on the ground that they are calculated to
promote international peace, and that
shows how much the old girls of the So
rosis know about matrimony.
SECRETARY FRANCIS AND THE RED MEN.
P(. Louis Globe-Democrat.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Feb. 4.— The duties of the Secretary of the Interior are varied. After
five months' experience Dav:d R. Francis thought he understood fairly well what was ex
pected of him. He has, however, just undergone an ordeal which broke his record. The
other morning he received word from the Indian Bureau that a delegation of Bannocks and
Shoshoaes was in the city and would not leave entirely satisfied without a personal powwow
with the Secretary.
"Send them over," replied the Secretary, and he thought no more of It until the party
in Blankets and feathers solemnly stalked into his big ofllec in the corner of the Interior
Duildinc.
The Indians arranged themselves around the sides of the room and stood silent for a few
moments. Then the principal chief drew from the folds of his blanket a pipe and a
bag. The Secretary Is willing to make affidavit thai in all his life in Kentucky ho never
smellei any tobacco which was like the contents of the chief's nonrh r(ir , „♦>,„, T n
immedi«ie)y produced n pipe and something to fill it. Soon he who' e n.I? T tS c n^ lan
excemed, was smoking As the fumes, reached fa is' -nostrils Mr v r « p f "ft th^ c ■ SecreUr ?
coughed The smell was overpowering. The T Secretary M& 1
minutes longer, when, a l.appv thought came to him. He touched a bnt?« n ? H « ™i f S
secretary answered with a handkerchief to his face. toumed a- button. His private
•'Get the strongest stogies yon can find," he said. "Get 'em ouiok "
In a few moments the stogies were handed in. The Secretary li^hior! » n ««/i «• V
for dear M* with his antidote. As the pungent aroma of the Whellin^ « 3,,r? puffed aW
the smoke of the burning weeds from the lava-.beS? of Idaho r product mingled with
grunted their approval. It w«« plain that the Secretary hnd rl£n Bannocks and ,. hones
their pipes had gone out, or* b • one, the Secretary^was .till «f,7i nV^'.h 8 10111 After
reluctantly, the Indians, « em he room was filled with the stiff odo^s the stogy. Almost
i>mokc, drew their blankets ...ut then, and with many "hows' 1 fl.dom Rpfn» .U II i lhe
PERSON .'L
D. I. Daly of Eureka is at the Russ.
John H. Agen of Seattle la a recent arrival
here.
James F. Peck, an attorney, of Merced, is at
the Lick.
J. A. McCandless of Honolulu is a recent ar
rival here.
Mrs. F. T. Olds and Miss Olds, of Tacoma,
are at the Grand.
Ex-Speaker J. C. Lynch of the State Senate
is at the Baldwin.
M. irmith and wife of San Jose are at the
Cosmopolitan Hotel.
J. S. Goodwin, a mining man of You Bet, ar
rived here yesterday.
Fayette French and Mrs. French, of Austin,
Minn., are in ;he City.
Ex-City Attorney J. L. McMnrrsy of Taccma
arrived here yesterday.
John Markley hns arrived here from Sacra
mento and is at the Lick.
Joseph Mitchell and H. Mitchell, of White
River, Cal., are at the Russ.
Senator Burt arrived here from Sacramento
yesterday to remain over Sunday.
Ellis H. Gross, one of the pioneer business
men of Tacoma, is visiting the City.
Surgeon G. P. Lumsden of tlie United States
warship Yorktown arrived here yesterday.
J. C. Cramer, a prosperous miner of West
Point, is registered at the Cosmopolitan Hotel
Jacques Fasset of Paris, who has been on a
visit to the Orient in the interest of science, is
in town.
O. J. Ortland and R. T. Sanders of New York
are among the recent arrivals at the Cosmo
politan Hotel.
Robert Pinkerton, the detective, of Chicago,
is at the Baldwin, accompanied by bin. and
Miss Pinkerton.
Fleet Engineer G. J. Burnham of the Asiatic
squadron is here, en route E&it on a leave ol
absence because of ill health.
A. P. Simpson and Thomas uithens, leading
tea dealers of Foo Chow. China, arrived here
yesterday and are at the Palace.
George R. Carter, a business man of Hono
lulu, whose brother was killed in the last Ha
waiian revolution, is at the Occidental.
Mrs. Norrts, wife of Commander If orris of
the Uni ed States navy and sister of Mrs. John
F. bwif t, has returned here from Japan.
Colonel R. S. McLean of Washington, D. C,
who went to Hawaii long since to drill the
troops of the young republic, has arrived here
and is on his way East on a visit.
The Baron d'Abrenthal, who has been a
captain in the Austrian army and who lor
f-ome time has been military attache of the
Austrian Legation la Tokio, is at the Occi
dental.
J. S. Fearon, who was the first American to
settle In Shanghai, and who has been for many
years agent there of the Pacific Mail and Occi
dental and Oriental steamship companies, is
nt the Palace.
J. Liddell, owner of a big cotton-mill at
Shanghai, is here on his way to Chicago to be
married. Frank Ayscough, also a business
man of .Shanghai, is here with him, and will
be his b^st man.
Paul Isenberg, the wealthy sugar-plantation
owner of Hawaii, Mrs. Isenberg and their two
daughters, and Paul R. Uenberg Jr., are here
to atte-d the weeding of one of the Isenberg
sons. They are at the Occidental.
GeneralJ. H. Alger, a retired officer of the
English army, who fought in- the war of the
Brliish In China many years ago and attained
distinction, afterward serving in other places,
arrived from the Orient on the Doric yester
day. He is traveling for pleasure.
F. T. Gause of New York. Inspector of
agencies for tha Standard Oil Company, who
has been on along trip through Japan, China,
India and other countries In the interest of
the powerful company ne represents, is in the
City. He came on the Doric yesterday.
The Rev. W. H. Co?sum, for live years past a
missionary of the American Baptist M ss;onary
Union at Ningpo, China, is at the Occidental.
Ningpo is a port about 100 miles from Shang
hai. He says great progress has been made
there in teaching the natives Christianity.
Rev. Mr. Cossum is now en route to nis former
home m Xew York on a leave of absence.
Ex-Attorney-General A. & HarUvell of the
Hawaiian Islands is in the City on his way 10
Washington. He is attorney for the Pacific
Cable Company, and with him came arnmor
that he was going to the >ationai capital to
jush the cable along. General Hamvell
(!•'.•] ies this. He says lie is coin? for pleasure
and to see friend?, and that afterward he will
visit friends in New York ana Beston.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK
NEW YORK. N\ V., Feb. 13.— The Havel
brought back from Bremen Mr. and Mrs. C.
Bauer and Miss Gertie Bauer and Miss Helen
Mayer. At the Plaza, J. H. Green; Astor, Mrs.
Horton; Gilsey. F. H. Kerrigan, R. M.Welch;
Savoy, Mrs. H: Moyer; Marlboro, S. Adler: Ash
land, J. F. Valentine; Imperial, Miss Lucille
A. Bell. M. J. Kennedy is here.
THE GREATER BENEFACTOR.
From the Baltimore Herald.
In observing the comforts and the leisure
enjoyed by tha rich we are disposed to form
erroneous views as to the nature of wealth. It
exists only as long as the wheels of human
progress ate hept in motion. When they stop
it is dissipated like air. Notwithstanding our
boasted accumulations we are always within
a year of going naked and within less than
that time of starving to death. Let all pro
duction cease and the world will soon be re
uuced to the greatest extremities. He who
devotes his fortune to charity does good, but
the greater benefactor is tne man who pro
vides employment for the peoDle.
A VALtNT^E.
I wandered over lanrt and s?a
In search of happiness;
But ne'er » maid did pi y me
Or give me a caress.
And so my bear; g ew very sore,
Yet not from Cupid's dart.
And stlil 1 longed for love the mor»—
Oh, sad my heart!
But once a doctor, strancely wise,
Advised me in my plight.
And let i be loveiWht in my eyes
Which shl'ie by day and night.
And, oh! the 1 ght is not unseen
By one » nosß h -art is mine:
A daint • maid, a stately queen—
My valentine.
Howard V Suthkbl
NEWSPAPER PLEASaNIRY
"Hasn't she lovely teeth?"
'Almost too lovely. I can't make up ray
mind whether they are real or realistic."—
Indianapolis Journal.
"How came you here?" said the visitor to a
prisoner In the penitentiary.
"I was brought here by my convictions,"
was the firmly spo'kcn reply.— London Tit- Bits.
Footpad— Hold up yer hands !
Pedestrian (calm ;y)— l have been out shop
ping all day with my wife.
"By jinks! Here, take this quarter."— New
York Weekly.
"How is it that Watley has so many new
suits? He nets a small salary."
"Oh, he 18 an electrician, and his clothes are
all charged."— Detroit Free Press.
She— You know, dear, we won't get any of
lather's money while he lives.
He— l know, but he's going to reside with
us, and you're to do the cooking. Let's hope
for the best.— Cleveland World,
They're fortunate, these prophecies
Of .February wurmih and shine,
Especially for Cupid as
We see him on the valentine.
—Washington Star.
She— Did you go to the charity bail?
Her friend— Yes, and do you know my gown
NEW TO-DAY.
TEA,
COFFEE
AND
SPICE buyers
GIVEN FREE
THIS WEEK
Extra Big Presents
WITH FT I I purchase wsth 1 1 00 PURCHASE
EACH mI H TEAS ' EACH 1 fflE ™« TEAS,
IB I I COFFEES, I COFFEES,
w w spices, m SPICES,
FRFF An V of following riirr Any of Following V
rItLL Articles: I BILL Articles:
3 Plates, Decorated. 3 Dinner Plates.
2 White Cups and Saucers. i Majolica Cuspidor.
i Plate Set, Decorated. 2 Napkin Rings.
i Oyster Bowl, Decorated. i Rose Bowl, Fancy.
i Ice Cream Set. 4 Table Goblets.
i Pitcher, Majolica. i Cake Stand, on Foot.
i Berry Dish. i Butter Dish, Large.
i Butter Dish. i -Fruit Bowl, on Foot.
i Oat Meal Set. i Candy or Nut Dish.
i Cake Plate, Fancy. 6 Table Tumblers.
i Cream Pitcher, Fancy. i Celery Stand.
i Bohemian Flower Holder. I Pair Bouquet Holders, Fancy.
i China Preserve Dish. i Bohemian Fern Vase.
i Fancy Cup and Saucer. 2 Fruit Plates, Fancy.
3 Wine Glasses. 6 Egg Cups, Fancy.
i Spoon Holder. i Cake Plate, Fancy.
1 Yellow Mixing Bowl. I Sugar and Cream Set, Fancy.
2 Fancy Mugs. . I Fancy Shaving Mug. •
i Colored Vase. i Milk Pitcher, Decorated.
3 Table Knives. 3 Cups and Saucers, Decorated,
1 Yellow Baking Dish. 1 Child's Cake Set.
1 Sugar Bowl. 1 Platter, Decorated.
3 Table Tumblers. 1 Salad Bowl, Footed. /,
1 Rose Bowl. 1 Water Pitcher.
1 Preserve Bowl. 1 Fancy Cup, Saucer and Plate.
3 Egg Cups. j Rebecca Tea Pot.
3 Water Goblets. ' 3 Breakfast Plates?" 07 '
2 Water Goblets. 3 Breakfast Plates.
3 Sauce Dishes. 1 Vegetable Dish, Decorated.
1 Tea Cup, Decorated. 1 Tankard Pitcher.
1 Coffee Cup, Decorated. ! Salad Dish, Decorated.
1 Pudding Pan. j Sugar Bowl. /
1 Covered Saucepan. 6 Dessert Dishes.
1 Frying Pan. . 1 Berry Set.
1 Flour Sifter. 1 Sugar Sifter. f \ \
1 Roast Pan. . , 1 Pudding Set, 2 Pieces. IJL
1 Dairy Pan. . 1 Fancy Cup and Saucer.
1 Bread Pan. 1 Salad Bowl, Square.
1 Cuspidor. 6 Table Knives.
1 Wash Basin, Large. 6 Table Forks. -
1 Coffee Pot. 1 Chamber Pail.
TEAS - 20, 25, 30, 35, 40, 50, 60 cts per pound
COFFEES - - 15, 20,25, 30, 35, 40 cts per pound
SPICES - - - 10, 15, 20, 25, 30, 40 cts per can
Our Aim Is to Give
Our Customers ... . . BEST QUALITY,
LOWEST PRICES,
HANDSOME PRESENTS.
OPERATING >
100 STORES
Enables Us to Treat Our Customers
With Extra Liberality.
Great American Importing Tea Co.
MONEY SAVING STORES:
1344 Market Street. 146 Ninth Street. OAKLAND: J|
2510 Mission Street. 218 Third Street. 1053 Washington StreeC
140 Sixth Street. 200S Fillmore Street. 131 San Pablo Avenue.
617 Kearny Street. • 965 Market Street. 616 East Twelfth Street.
1419 Polk Street. 3006 Sixteenth Street. 917 Broadway.
521 Montgomery Avenue. 104 Second Street. - ALAMEDA:
333 Hayes Street. 3285 Mission Street. 1355 Park Street.
HEADQUARTERS— SAN FRANCISCO, 52 MARKET STREET.
cost so much that now I haven't anything eft
to contribute to the hospitals or the Sewing
Women's Aid Society.— New York Commercial
Advertiser. ■-,'. ', ■:■-. y ■■-■; \-]\-,
'Tis well that Cupid's blind, for ho
Would weep at the designs
, Which some que r people love to see
In comic valentines. ' X
.'" ; ■ —Chicago Record.^m
"No, Mr. Coolhand," she said kindly, "I am
sure I could never learn to love you."
"Oh, perhaps you could," rejoined Cool*
hand cheeri.giy. "Xever too old to learn, you
know."— Judy.
E. B. Black, painter, 120 Eddy street.
Icecream and cakes. Gulllei's, 805 Larkin. •
_ Elegant, flre-etched boxes (by local artists)
fll.ed with California glace fruit, 50c, at Town
send 8, Palace Hotel building. •
♦ — «. «.
Special intormatlon daily to manufacturer*,
business nouses and pubiic men by the Fran
Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Montgomery.'
"Why does that Mis* Musty wear such a
ridiculous hood?" .
-Bec«u*e some nearsighted guy told her a
foTati nft^.»lrD V™ °* «"* cn ° u *U
" The Overland Limited "—Only Three
and a Half Days to Chicago.
•The Union Pacific is the on >• line running Pull
man donHc drawing-room and tourist sleepers
and dining-cars, san Francisco to chic daily
without ch»nm?. Buffet, smoking andlibrary cars.
Ogden to Chicago. Tickets and sleeping-car reser
vations at 1 Montgomery st. 1). \V. Hltchcoclc,
General Agent, San Francisco.
_ * — -• — *
aykr's Hair Vigor Is the best preparation
which can be obtained for removing dandruff and
curing humors of the scalp.
• — ■#■ — i
If afflicted with sore eyes use Dr. Isaac Thomp
son's Eye Water. Druggis's sell it at 25 cents.
» ♦ — •
Burnett's Corn Cure. 827 .Montgomery. 25c.
• ♦ — •
First Prisuner— So tiie|detectives oun dyou
out, did they?
Second Prisoner— No; they found me in. —
Tit-Bits.A Life Full of Beauty.
JOHN WELLBORN .OT-By Ilarr.et Mon '
roe. Houshton. Mlfflm & Co., Boston and New;
i one.
¥^¥;--ENRY VAN BRUNT, writing in the J
■^™H£ Inland Architect and News Record, !
4iV|^ said that John Root was one of the \
most interesting personalities in the history :
of modern architecture. This opinion will be.
indorsed by every one who has the pleasure of j
ending tnis study of his life and work by Miss I
Harriet Monroe, and tney will add to it the j
opinion that the book has enriched our litera- !
Hire with one of the most attractively written ;
biographies of modern times. It is a volume |
■which should be read by architects, and Dy
all those who expect to build a home or have
a voice in the selection of plans for any build?
ing, and by those diligent seekers after
breadth of culture who would like to know
some of the best that has been thought and
said about "the most useful of the fine arts
and the finest of the useful arts" by one of the
. foremost of American architects.
The history of John Root will be of Interest
to the general reader, because his was a char
acter of singular strength and beauty, and the
literary charm with which it is narrated will
make it doubly interesting to those who love
excellence of style for its own sake and as a
thing aside from the importance of the story
told.
Mr. Root was born in Georgia in 1850. His
father was. a native of New England, his
mother a Southerner, and in his blood was
blended the puritan and the cavalier. Even
from his birth his parents planned that this
boy should be artistic— he must love music,
poetry and pictures— the gifts of Pallas were
besought for him. His father's baffled long
" ings to be an architect were to be fulfilled in
the son, the stateliness and beauty of build
ings were to be his contribution to the world's
loveliness. The wish of his parents was boun
tifully granted. The aspiration planted in the
boy's breast produced a harvest of achieve
ment in manhood. An enduring monument
to his memory exists in the gracetul piles that
have made permanent in solid masonry the
beauty of his thoughts.
A fondness for music and a most precocious
capacity for making It was the first form in
which Mr. Root evinced his artistic tastes.
But music came so easily to him that all his
life he male it his play and recreation, while I
he devoted himself to architecture as the seri- i
ous business of his days. He was graduated j
with high honors from the University of New
York, receiving the degree of bachelor of sci
• ence and civil engineering. His working life
was spent chiefly in Chicago, whither he went
soon after the «reat fire with $300 capital.
His success Is a story of persistent struggle I
against discouragements. It was four years i
before his talents found such recognition that j
J his earnings amounted to $1500 a year. . A j
story illustrative of his generosity while under !
the stress of hart' limes is that once being
moneyless at the time of a friend's marriage
he pawned bis watch for $20 in order to bur
the briae a present. He put his music to prac
tical use in the first rears in Chicago by play
ing the organ in a church to help out his in
come.
The future held great things in store for
him, however, and as soon as ft was discovered
•what he could do he was crowded with re- j
munerative work. He planned buildings that ■
have been erected in many cities and are con
sidered masterpieces, some of them ranging
in value from ,$400,000 to $1,000,000. The j
catalogue of his creations covers five large j
pages. Besides the many magnificent build
ings in Chicago, he has to his credit a number |
in distant cities. Among them is the Monte- I
zuma Hotel in New Mexico, which is the ma- j
• terialization of an architect's dream of beauty.
. Another is the Equitable building in Atlanta,
which surpasses anything in that fair city.
The Mills building in San' Francisco was de
signed by him and is considered a fine ex
ample of his power. It is said to be one of the
raost successful of all that class of his buildings
in which the commercial idea alone demanded
expression.
The temple he designed for the Woman's
Cnristian Temperance Union in Chicago is said
to combine the elements of a motive of senti
ment and aspiration and the commercial ideal
in a wonderful harmony. Mr. Van Brunt
says of it: "As an expression of strength and
Signity crowned worthily by beauty and
grace no nobler example has been given in
modern times." The great archway in the
Western Union building in Chicago is one of
his mesterpieces and the balconied porch of
the Insurance Exchange another. But theie
are far too many to enumerate.
Mr. Root formed a partnership with David
H. Burnham early In his career, and the firm
of Burnham & Root worked harmoniously for
eighteen years and was only dissolved by the
death of Root In 1891. Root had charge of
the department of design. The big office force
■was so well organized and wonted with such
sympathetic accord and ambition that it ac
complished work astonishing in its combina
tion of quantity with perfection of detail.
Root designed with facile speed and had un
usual powers of application and endurance of
mental strain. It was only at the last he real
ized that he had overworked himself.
Notwithstanding the extent of the work
done by this prolific designer his biographer
tells us that he never became absorbed in his
work so completely as to dwarf to dispropor
tion the other parts of life. She tells us that
to him life was more than art. He succeeded !
in making himself so well beloved that strong
men wept when death came to him in the i
prime of his career. The most remarkable !
thing about him is said to have been the com- I
plete harmony of his whole being. He was de
veloped at all points and his character per
fectly rounded. His fellow-artists bore wit
ness to his modesty— one so great a final
proof of greatness."
The social side of bis nature made him the
life of many clubs and he was instrumental in
founding a number of these. His biography
is the story of a joyous life. He had sympa
thy es well as strength, and men whom he
had aided sobbed like children when they
heard of his death. One trait of his character
was his subordination of his personality to the
great forces behind the progress of events; he
seems to have regarded himself 89 a mere in
strument played upon by unseen powers, and
made the music of a happy and highly useful
life with no thought of Individual merit. -
Tne esteem of Mr. Root's fellow-craftsmen is
evidenced by his having been made president
of the Western Association of Architects, and
when they were merged into the American
Institute oi Architects he was appointed to the
Important duties of secretary of that associa
tion. He was consulting architect of the
World's Fair at Chicago, and to him was en
trusted the selection of the board of architects
who planned the wonders of the White City.
In the division of labor he was assigned the
designing of the fine arts building, which of
course had to be the most artistic of all that
creation of grace and grandeur. , His pre
vention by death from participating fully in
the great work was deplored as a calamity by
that galaxy of genius which made the dream
of the World's Fair a reality.
Competent judges of the glory of architec
ture regret that an early death deprived
America of the fully ripened fruit of his
genius. His aspirations lacked much of fulfill
• ment. ills biographer says: "The large com
mercial structures, which must be pronounced
his most important contribution to architec
lure, in a certain way do violence to his
memory. He was deeply an artist, a poet;
profoundly a lover of his kind, a dreamer of
God. Temples of art, of music, of religion
•^cre what he chiefly longed to do; but' along
with the opportunity for these came the
higher opportunity of death."
To read the life of such a man as John Well
| born Root must needs be interesting and in-
I structive, not only becauso of Its Illumination
; of the noble art of architecture, the building
of music and poetry into form to delight and
| inspire every beholder, but also because of its
1 illumination of the fact that in the building
up of character poetry and music can find
; expression in the- conduct of a life stately,
! strong and beautiful, like some great archi
j tectural masterpiece. The book which gives
i the public the benefit of these two studies is
ibo happy in its selections of what Root
I said about art and life, and in what it tells us
about his personality, and is written in such
pleasing literary style, that it will be found as
absorbingly interesting as some great novel.
Miss Knapp's New Book.
The Roycroft Printing Shop of East Aurora,
N. Y. announces the publication on March 15
next of a new book by Miss Adeline Knapp, en
titled "Upland Pastures."
The book will consist of short outdoor es
says, dealing with the bcautiiul things that
spring and summer bring.
Five hundred copies will b3 printed on
I Dickinson's rough English paper, bound in
antique boards, $2 each; forty copies on Japan
vellum, hand-illumined by Bertha C. Uubbard,
$5 each.
The book will be done throughout in the
best Roycroft style, which fact will be enough
to assure admirers of artistic work. We have
already taken occasion in these columns to
speak of the excellent taste displayed by
Elbcrt Hubbard in the Roycroft publications.
Miss Knapp is well known to readers of the
reviews as the author of numerous striking
essays on economic subjects. To the public of
San Francisco she will be remembered by her
charming "Idylls of the Field," which have
appeared in The Call. Her new venture will
be awaited with interest.
About Artists.
A STURDY BEGGAR— By Charles Carrington.
Stone & Kimliall, New York. I'nce $1 Tor
sale by William Doxey, Palace Hotel, city.
The Sturdy Beggar in this cleverly written
little book was an artist who maintained that
a true genius of art could never do hireling
i work. He was a very talented man
j and a great art critic. One night
he dropped into the studio of a young
sculptor who had just finished after long labor
a statue of "Prudence," for which he was to
receive a big sum of money. Tno Sturdy Beg
gar convinced the ambitious young man that
I he ought to destroy his work, and ho was
| just about to smash it up with a hammer when
; a friend came in ana stopped the destruction.
[ The caustic and learned critic turned out to
be a madman who had escaped from a lunatic
asylum.
Triumphant Fraud.
LADY BRAMBEK'S <JHOST— By Charles Char
rinjrtou. btone & Kimbalt, New York. Price
$1 1:5. For sale by William ltoxey, Palace
Hotel, City.
The Laay Bramber in this tale is a great j
social success, and in addition to that glory
she makes a big reputation as an author by
representing as her own the work of her
divorced husband, who is a morphine
eater, but a literary genius. This
wretched man is the "ghost" of the story. A
young newspaper man discovers the fraud, but
the manager* of the papers all think he is try
ing to fake a story on them, or are afraid of the
power of Lady Bramber. Finally the journalist
is decided to be mentally unbalanced, the
ghost dies and the literary fraud's triumph is
complete.
Riddles.
AT THE SIGN OF THE M'HINX- By Carolyn
W. Wells. Stone <£ Kirn ball. New York. Price
$1 25 For sale by 'William Doxey, Palace
Hotel, City.
This book of charades contains queries cal
culated to quicken tne brain by the exercise
of answering them correctly, and the language
used in asking them is quite pretty and often
poetical. It contains a table Dy which th«
answers may be put to proof for their correct
ness, but without giving any hint of what
they are before being guessed.
Ruskin's Philanthropy.
From time to time references are made to
the sacrifice of his fortune made by Ruskin
for the benefit of the poor. The Home Jour
nal gives some of the interesting and inspiring
details af this sacrifice:
'Through his father Mr. Ruskin fell heir to
nearly 000,000. to which must be added
the income of his writings. But this man
counted his treasures as a trust fund, held in
the interests of suffering merit or youth's
promising talent. That he was on the London
committee for the victualing of Paris in 1871
proves that his benevolence was as well known
as Peabody's or Lady Burdett-Coutts'. Taxing
himself first a tentn, then half, he finally gave
his entire income. If he needed botanical
and art works lor his studies he crippled him
self rather than refuse his . last spare 20
guineas to the widow of a dead artist. If for
health's Rake and art's sake he wanted to take
a trip to Switzerland, he would forego it
that he might contribute £100 to the
Cruikshank memorial. If others would
not encourage the study of art in
schools, he would buy ten water-color draw-
Ings of William Hunt, paying for each 9875,
and give them to the public schools of Lon
don. In one of his letters to the workingmen'
of Great Britain he told them what he had
done and was doing with his money in carry
ing on his St. George's Guild and his plans for
rent reform. Up to 1877 he had given away
ail his fortune save $250,000. Hut, in view or
the needs of his workingmen's club-, this
amount seemed much too large for his per
sonal wants. He therefore determined to dis
tribute all save £12,000 worth of consols the
interest of which would bring him some £300.
Upon this interest he now lives, the income of
his books being distributed among his ser
vants, his old pensioners and his various plans
for social reform.'
He bestowed his art treasures, we are further
told, with like generosity, on institutions
where the poor would have access to them.
He anticipated General Booth by founding a
guild to redeem waste lands and regenerate
ruined lives. Under his influence the his
torian Green spent several years in work
among the London poor. The best lectures of
the great art critic, it is said, have never been
given where wealth and social prestige were
represented, but before working-girls' and
workingmen's associations.
The Value of the ••Times.*'
Any one who wants to get an Idea of the
value of a big newspaper may take as a basis
the estimated profit of shareholders of the
London Times, as suggested in a recent trial.
Mr. Adams bought one-fourteenth of two
thirds of one-ninth -of two-sixteerths (or
1-1512) of the Times from Mr. Brodie lor £353,
on the assurance that this minute share was
worth £25 per annum. According to him,
after ho had purchased the share he found it
only to be worth £17 a year. Oi this he asked
for damages. A jury assessed the damages at
£05. Assuming this share to be worth £18 per
annum (which seems about the average
value), ills clear, says London Truth, that the
net dividend on shares is £27,216. Mr. Adams,
believing It to De worth £352, paid for it 14.1
THE SATS' FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 14, 1597.
BOOKS
AND
BOOKMAKERS
CLEVER BITS OF VERSE BY CURRENT RHYMESTERS
Uncle Silas and the Ur\ivterse.
"What's all this thing about?" says he.
"Wall, 1 dunno," says I.
"What good Is all this worl' to me.
This lan an' sea an' sky?
The same ol' thing! Git up an 1 dress.
An' eat an' work like sin ;
Then go to bed, git up an' dress,
An' eat an' work ng'in.
What's all this thing about?' says he.
Says I: "Can't tell ye, John;
But, as for me, I like to see,
To see the thing go on.
"There ain't no end to this machine,
An' no man hereabout.
So fur as I have seen,
Can tell what it grinds out;
Its belts are hitched to far-off gears,
Far out be-end the sun.
An' I've no doubt 'twill run for years
The way it allus run."
"But what's the thing about?" soys he;
Stysl: "Can't tell ye, John;
But, as for me, I like to see.
To see the thing go on."
"'Tis day an' night an' night an' day,
The same oi' thing," says John.
"I guess it is," says I, "but say.
Let's watch the thing go on.
For all the graes an' things that grow,
An' stars, it seems to me,
Are jest a f ree-for-n»thin' show,
For us deadheads to see.
An' I ain't tired of it yit,
It's pretty middlin', John;
An', as for me. I like to see,
To see the thing go on.
"I like to see the thing, my friend,
'Tis healthy sport for man,
Though I can't tell ye when 'twill end,
Nor where the thing becan."
"What's all the thing about?" "Dunno;
'Tis fun enough for me
To jest lay back an* see the show
An' wonder; yee, slr-ee!
An' so I guess that we are here
And that's our business, John,
years' purchase. The iury valued it at £288,
which, taking the annual return at £18. won la (
be sixteen years' purchase, making the Times
worth £435,456. This, however, does not
quite correctly, I believe, represent value, for
Mr. Walter, as printer, derives a large profit J
on an old contract. This contract, in point of
fact, represents what may be called preference
shares, while those of the shareholders may be
termed ordinary shares, the value of the Times
being the sum total of both.
Barrie Hard Hit.
This is how tho "Chap Book" comments
upon J. M. Barrle's latest work, "Margaret
Ogllvy":
When Forster published hu "Life of Charles
Dickens" it was said that the proper title for
the book should have been "Liie of Forster
With Reminiscences of Charles Dickens."
Pretty much the same may be said of "Mar
garet Ogilvy," Mr. Barrio's memoir of his
mother. The book should have beon called,
"James M. Barrie as a Son ; how he carried
shawls and made beds and scoured plates In
his own home; and went to London; and
wrote books about his friends and relatives; j
and the strange faces lie made while writ- !
ing them; what he thought of things in
general and himself in particular; with
full details of his dally habits and
domestic life and occasional glimpses of
Ills Mother. " Nothinr less would give a true
idea of Mr. Barries quiet way of creeping to
the front of the stage himself. The book is
not about his mother; it is about Mr. Bnrrle. |
No one who knows Mr. Barrie— a more modest I
or more refined man never lived— will hoid him j
consciously to blame for this mishap. He (
started out to give us a sketch of his mother;
to make the picture a true one he was com
pelled to bring himself in; and quite Dy acci
dent—these things will happen somehow— he
has made himself the central figure in the
foreground. The impression left by the me
moir is that Mr. Barrie was a most dutiful and
well-behaved young man. As a work
of art the book is undoubtedly a very
dainty piece of literature. But it is im
possible for the reader io rid himself of
the impression of artificiality— not so ranch In
the execution, as in the idea of the thing; the
instinct that it is unn aural for a Han to sit
down and turn his home life into public copy
and sell for money a description, however pa
theiic, of his mother's and sisters deathbed.
Xiifere is something too theatrical about it;
JOHN WELLBORN ROOT.
To work an' git ourselves in gear
To help the thing go on."
Sam \\ alter Foss in New York Sun.
To My Pipe.
Oh. I love the merry gurgle of my pipe,
Brier pip, 1 ;
When the flavor of the weed within is ripe;
vVhat a lullaby it purls
As the smoke around me curls,
Mounting slow*)- hipher, higher,
As 1 dreum beiore tne lire,
With a Savor in my moutn
Like a zephyr from the south.
And my favorite tobacco
By my side—
Near my Mi!<\
With the soothing necromancy
Sweetly linking fact to fancy
In a golden memory chain
To the gurgle, sweet refrain,
Of my pipe. Drier pipe,
To the faucy-breeding gurgle of my pip?.
Oh, what subtle satisfaction in my pipe,
Brier pipe:
Nothing mundane can impart
Such contentment to my heart;
She's my idle, she's my queen,
Is my lady Nicotine.
Whon in trouble how I yearn
For the inoenie which I burn
At her shrine.
How 1 pine
For the frugrance of her breath;
Robbed of terror c'en is death
By her harmless hypnotism;
Healed Is every mortal 6chisra.
Foe and friend
Sweetly blend
At the burning of the brier;
Greed, cup dity. desire
Fade away within the smoke,
Iv the fragrant, fleecy smoko
From my pipe, magic pipe,
From my glowing, peace - bestowing,
gurgling pipp.
Sigkl KorsE in New York Sun.
that smacks too much of the set funeral
tion over the grave of an eminent Frenchman.
Mr. Barrie, by tact and sheer literary ability,
has concealed the innate deceitfulness of his
task; but if books of tie "Margaret Osjilvy"
style become common, feebler hands will notso
conceal it. And it is interesting to note that the
Scotsman, the most literary of all Scotch papers,
condemns the motif of the boos as "alien and
repulsive to the Scottish nature." If that is
so, the Scotch are for once in harmony with
the rest of the world. We commented in the
last number of the "Chap Book" on the dex
terous methods by which the American pub
lishers of the book have shifted its interest
from Maignret Ogilvy to Mr. Barrie, booming
it us purely personal gossip, and already tho
world is being told that such and such a
character is Mr. Stead and so and so is Lord
Rosebery, nnd this editor is Mr. Frederick
Greenwood and that Kind friend is of course
Dr. Robertson Nicoll. Whatever on earth has
all this to do with Margaret Ogilvy?
Who Is the Author?
The following letter was published in are
cent issue of the Cleveland Leader:
To the Editor cf the Leader: Iv that charm
ingly odd book, "A Club of One," by A. P.
Russell, under the heading, "The Perfect
BailaU," I find the following, which I think
interesting enough to quo'e, hoping some
reader of that great Northern Ohio journal,
the Leader, may be ab'.e to identify the writer
of so beautiful avers.*: "John Anderson, my
Jo, John," all the world has been in the habit
of retarding n<< another perfect ballad, till a
verse lately (1887) added to it t>y a gentleman
in Northern Oiilo proved it far from being per
fect. The additional verse was sent, to me in
manuscript, as taken from the lips of the au
thor, and should make his name famous if he
never wrote another line. I have copied it
into the margin of my Burns alongside the
poem, and also copy it here to preserve it fur
ther in case the book should be spirited away:
John Anderson, tny Jo, John,
We \\ luiiu mind ti.at sleep:
'1 he Rrave sue rauld aud still, John,
The spirit canna keep;
But \\>'i; mitt "" heaven, JohD,
Where young again we'll grow,
And ever live In blrsaed luve,
John Anderson, my Jo,
How Burns and the author of this stania will
shuke hands on the other shore ! 1 should like
to witness the meeting of the two bards. Can
not some reader of this g.veus the named
The Broken Toy.
A broken toy ! what memories cling
Around this half-forgotten thing;
What baby laughter seems to rise,
Like old, delightiui melodies ;
What shouts of wordles--, tuneful joy,
At sight of this poor broken toy 1
Oh, tiny feet that would not rest!
Oh, dear head pillowed on our breast,
What would we give to hold again
The form we lost, 'mid tears and pain!
Ah, child! the empiv cot is ours,
But thine the sunshine and the flowers!
What could we give thee, shouldst thou come
T.j smile again upon thy home?
Such little pleasures as we know
In this, our twilight life below:
Some fragments of earth's paltry joyi,
A handful of Its broken toys I
How calm thy lot, forever blest;
How exquisite thy happy rest!
How changeless, joyful and serene
Compared with what thy lot had been
With us, whose flee'.lng. clouded joys
Are at their best but broken toys.
J. 11. in Chambers' Journal.
A Pen Portrait.
Hair whose gold was deftly spun
By viewless spindles of the sun.
Eyes whose silken fringes sejm
The curtains of a fairy's dream,
Oj mischief bent, yet half demure—
The home of thoughts and fancies pure.
Where heavenly lights have equal sway
In union of the blue and gray.
Words whose sweetness cannot wane
From lips like rosebuds alter rain.
A heart whose softly rhythmic beat
Is timed to a'l things true and sweet.
William H. Hayne in Leslie's Weekly.
i-one whom lam sure all would gladly honor,
though now to most unknown. C. A. P.
Cleveland.
Mr. I. Zangwill, famous as the author of
"The Children of the Ghetto," has completed
another book concerning Jewish life, which
will be entitled "Dreamers of. the Ghetto."
From a business point of view thig second
title is not chosen happily, and it is to be
feared that comparisons, always odious in
themselves, will be made between the books
bearing names so nearly similar. "The Chil
dren of the Ghetto" is not the only fiction Mr.
Zangwill has produced, but it's the only one
so far which could have given him any dis
tinction. "Dreamers of the Ghetto" will be
awaited eagerly— and somewhat anxiously—
by those who recognize in its author some
thing quite out of the ordinary so far as liter
ary ability is concerned.
The English papers arc still discussing the
new masterpiece, as they classify Mrs. Steel's
wonderful novel of .the great mutiny, ''On the
Face of the Waters." The Macmillan Company
have announced their edition of it for publi
i cation the 20th inst., but are forced by delays
I In press to postpone it for a week. It will
surely be ready by the end of the month. It
i is a compact book (the English edition has
J about 430 pages, the American about 479, the
| increase being due merely to a difference of
i type), but tn its intense unwavering interest
i its iength is unnoticed. The scene is for the
most part in Delhi, and her marvelous palace,
the Cantonment, the Ridge, or the narrow
streets, even the noise of the bazaar, are de
scribed with a vivid vitality which is rarely
I equaled and cannot be surpassed. Mrs. Steel
i has the rare gift of writing in colors.
Among the several works left by Robert
Louis Stevenson unpublished at his death, un
| doubtedly the one of completest and widest
interest is a romance entitled "St. Ives." Un
like "Weir of Hermiston," the only other
novel left by Stevenson unpublished, "Bt.
Ives" was left all but complete, and it ii, those
say who have read it, a straight-away, honest
tale of adventure, related in Stevenson's most
spirited and charming vein. It is a love story,
and records in particular the exploits of a
very cool, audacious, attractive French soldier
who becomes a prisoner of war in Edinburgh
Castle. Ttie exclusive right of serial publica
tion of "'St. lye&" for America was purchased
soon i.fter Stevenson's death by McClure's
Magazine, and the publication will begin in
the March number ol that periodical.
Warning Voice of Albion's Bard. ;
TJir: YEAR OF SHAME— tfy William Watson.
New York: John Lane pub isher. Tha Bodley
Head. For tale in this City by William Doxey, |
Palace iioiel. Price $1.
This book consists of about two dozen ahort j
poems and sonnets, most of which are reprints :
from Mr. Watson's pamphlet, "The Purple
East." The others have from time to time
appeared in the columns of London newspa
pers.
To the present collection the Bishop of Here
ford contributes a pretace. He points out that
then poems were written more as a patriotic
ppt a- to Englishmen than merely as a poet's
impassioned utterance. The appeal la specifi
cally addressed to those Britons who, seated
at warm firesides in comfortable homes, shake
their heads negatively at the idea of any of
the great European powers interfering with
the course of Armenian massacres on accaunt
of the commercial or financial disturbances
such action would entail.
"The commercial jingo," says the Bishop of
Hereford, "isunuappily becoming very promi
nent in English life, and is very militant if
any material interests are threatened, but all
for peace and patience* and concerted action
when the only thing concerned is a question
oi old-tashioned honor and moral obligation."
Much as the average business man affects to
despise the criticism of the churchman, the
careful reader of events of the past twelve |
months cannot fail to perceive the truth of |
the English cleric's words and to agree with
him in his assertion that the "s",and by and
hands off" policy adopted by the powers
toward the unspeakable Turk in merely the
result of the prompting of the bondholder and
the speculator. This being so. what becomes
of Britain's claim, iterated and reiterated, that
she is the friend of the oppressed? Where is
the old-fashioned, chivalrous idea of assisting
the downtrodden of the earth, so often ad
vanced as one of the component parts of the j
.Englishman's make-up? Can it be that this <
tradition will not be carried down to posterity
as one belonging to the present generation of
Englishmen?
"The Year of Shame," it can safely be proph
esied, will not make pleasant reading to resi
dents of the United Kingdom nor the colonies, j
The poems are written with an almost brutal
directness and power, as If their writer were
in dead'.y earnest, meaning every word that
he uttered, warning Englishmen that national
honor and tradition must at all risks be pre
served from sacrifice at the altar of mercenary
consideration. What, for instance, do Albion's
sons think of this appeal ?
A HURRIED FUNERAL.
A little deeper, sexton. You forget
She you would bury 'neath so thin a crust
Of loam was fiery -soaled, and ev'n in dust
eh>- may lie restles*. she may toss and fret,
Nay, she might break a seal too lightly sec.
And vex, unmannerly, our easy! she must
I enealh no lack of English earth lie thrust,
Would we uubauDteo sleep! Nay, deeper yet.
Quick, friend, the cortege comes, 'lht-re— that will
serve;
Deep enough now; ana thoa'lt need all thy nerve,
If, In her coffin, at the last, amid
The mourners in the customary suits.
And to the scandal of these decent mutes.
This corpse of i-ugiaud's Honor burst the lid!
Englishmen aro sturdy and materialistic,
not sentimental; but lives there the Briton
who would not biush at the Imputation con
tamed in the last half a dozen lines?
Another remarkable poem in this collection
is the one entitled "Repudiated Responsi
bility," wherein the callous Indifference of
England to Ottoman atrocities is lashed:
REPUDIATED RESPONSIBILITY.
I bad not thought to hear it voiced so plain,
Uttered so forthright, on their tips who steer
ThU nation a course: I had not thought to hear
That word re-echoed by an English thane,
Guilt's maiden speech when first a man iajMlain,
"Am Imy brother's keeper?" Yet full near
It sound -d, and the syllab es rang clear
As the immortal rhetoric of Cain.
■■Wherefore should ue, airs, more than they— or
they —
Unto these helpless reach a hand to save?"
An KiiKii-h thane. In this our English air,
Speaking for England? Then Indeed her day
Blopes 10 its twilight, and, for Honor, there
is needed but a requkem and a grave.
Verily, to quote again from the Bishop of
Hereford's introduction, "It is the spirit of
lstiiah that is represented in this book of
poems • • • making us feel that behind
these desolated Armenian homes, those tor
tured and murdered men, those dishonored
| and heart-broken women, there stands the
'.vision of a stern and unavoidable reckoning
fur those who might have saved and would not
or dared not."
It is a relief to turn from verses of so de
nunciatory a character as those quoted to ones
no less earnest, but breathing a more frater
nal spirit, in the following lines it will be
seen that the poet, disdaining to recognize the
independent English jingo, extends the hand
of fellowship to the "nolf-brother of the
world":
KNOLAND TO AMERICA.
O towering daughter, Titan of the We»»,
Behind a thousand leagues of foam secure;
Thou toward whom our inmost heart is pure
Of ill intent; although tnou threatcnest
With most unfllial hand thy mother's brenst,
Not for one breathing space may earth endure
The thought of war's Intolerable cure
For such vague pains as vex to-day thy real!
But if ttaoa bast more strength than thou canst
spo nd
In tasks of peace, and find'st her yoke too tame.
Help us to smite the cruel, to befriend
The succorless, and put the false to shame.
So shall the ages laud thee. and thy name
Be lovely among nations to the end.
Kkakckl Er.zxs,
Literary Notes.
Captain A. T. Mahan, V. S, N., will contribute
to the March number of Harper's an article
entitled "Preparedness for War," in which ne
will both urge the view that our consistent en
forcement of the Monroe doctrine involves
greater probability of conflict with European
powers, and outline a scheme for defense by
sea.
Of "the biggest bocks in the world" there is
no end, hut it is believed that the blank book
of greatest weight, size and bulk belongs to an
eccentric physician oi Baltimore, Dr. Fahr
j ney. It was made in Chicago in 1891. It
| w«ighs exactly 2SO pounas and 7 ounces, and
has leaves made of the very best rope manilla.
The cover of thisgiafit of books weighs fifty
pounds, and is provided with two complicated
padlocks. The book cost the doctor 060.
Among the books which Messrs. Harper <fc
Brothers announce for publication in Febru
ary or March is Dr. Fridtjof Xansen's "Fartnest
North," a work which, in addition to its popu
lar interest, may be presumed to have a scien
tific vaiue beyond that to be found in other
records of. Arctic exploration. The expedition
was not a mere feat. In physical geography,
in biology, in meteorology, the results ob
tained will mark a new departure in the
various sciences concerned.
The work on Byron on which Clement K.
Shorter is engaged is not likely to see the light
for some considerable time yet. It will be a
volume about the sice of hia Bronte book. It
will not contain any letters and. therefore, its
interest will be in no way affVcted by any suc
cess which may attach to Mr. Henley's edition
of Byron or by Lord Lovelace's "Life and
Work?," which Mr. Murray is to publish. Mr.
Shorter proposes to set forth the details of
Byron's career in chapters. The first chapter
will be enti tied "The Mad Byrons," thesecona
"The Gay Uoidouß," iiie third 'Childhood ia
Aberdeen." In these more stress will be laid
than has ever hitherto been done on the part
played by heredity In Byron's life and ou the
ear y influence of his Celtic origin and of the
Scotch surroundings of his early years. Mr.
Hurterhas already examined much hitherto
unpublished material and the work promises
10 be one of great Interest
Outing for February is seasonable, interest
ing and superbly illustrated. " 'Way Beyon'
de Saskatchewan" is an entertaining story by
Therese Qjierin Randall, which proves her to
be well acquainted with the halfbreeds o£ the
North. "Sportsmen's Dogs," by Ed W. San
dys; "Grouse-shooting in the Snow," by R. B.
Buckhsm; "Horn and Hound in Louisiana,"
by A. Wilkinscn; "Under the Snow/ by \V. B.
Cameron, and the conclusion of Sara Beau
mont Kennedy's admirable story, "Redcoat
and Continental," are prominent features of
an excellent number.
The Aldine Club of New York U the subject
of an article ill the February number 01 the
Month. Three drawings illustrate it— one by
Rudyard Kipling, which forms the frontis
piece; one by the late C. S. Reinhart, com
memorating the Aldrich dinner, and one by
George Wharton Edwards, celebrating the
dinuer to Dr. Conan E'oyle. This is the lirst
extended account we have seen of New York's
club of publishers, authors, artists and jour
nalists. It is written by Mr. William W. Ells
wonh of the Century Company, who has
contributed much to the success of the Al
dine's entertainments.
Messrs. Harper & Brothers will publish tlie
following books next week: "Bound in Shal
lows,' ' by Eva Wilder lirodhead; "In the Old
Herrick House, and Other S'.oncs," by Ellen
Douglas Deland ; "The Last Recruit of Clare's,"
by S. R. Keightley; "Beauty and Hygiene,"
Anonymous; "A Previous Engagement." by
W. D. Ho wells; "Six Cups of Chocolate," by
iti V. B. Matthews; "Literary Landmarks
lorence," by Laurence Hutton, and "Xhe
if Physics," by Joseph S. Ames.
. Henry Sweet, auti.or of nn Anglo-Paxon
er and Anglo-Saxon reader, the new Eng
erammar and other works on the history
le English grammar, besides being editor
of various editions of early English texts, has
further increased the indebtedness to him of
the scholastic world by preparing a "Stu
dents' Dictionary of Anglo-Saxon." The head
words are given in thtir tarly west Saxon
spellings, the meanings given in plain con
cise modern English, brevity with clearness
being aimed at throughout.
Every Month for February contains an al
bum of celebrities, including the late Mrs.
Hungerford, author of "Phyllis"; Rose Par
sons Lathrop, who is devoting her time to the
poor cancer patients of the New York slums;
Samuel Gompers of the American Federation
of Labor; "Bob" Ingersoll, Maude Adams;
Hannah G. Solomon, the new president of the
National Council of Jewish Women; and Her
man 11. Kohlsaat, the rising editor of the Chi
cago Times-Herald. These photos, with their
comprehensive comments beneath, are a fea
ture of interest, and are evidently selected
with great care and a just comprehension
as to the really important individuals promi
nent at the time the world over. New York:
Howley, Haviland & Co. Ten cents.
"American History as Told by Contempo
raries," by Albert Bushnell Hart, Harvard Un
iversity. In four volumes.
Vol. I, "Discovery and Colonization" (1492
--1689). Vol. 11, "Making the Republic" (1689
--1783). Vol. 111, "Growth of the Nation" (1783
--1845). Vol. IV, "Welding of the Nation" (184(5
--1896). This series is made up entirely from,
the original sources of American history, the*
records and narratives of men who wit
nessed and shared in the events which they
describe. Extracts long enough in ei»ch case
to give some idea of the writer's style are
arranged In a logical sequence, so as to make
up a general account oi the times from the
first voyages to the present day. To each,
volume is prefixed a practical introduction on
the use of sources by teachers, students, pupils,
libraries and readers, with a bibliography of
the most valuable sources and collections.
The Peter Paul Book Company of Buffalo
have In press a volume of poems by Irving
Browne, who was for many years editor of the
Aloany Law Journal. Few of them have been
published, but those have had a popular ac
ceptance tnrough several of the leading
literary newspapers. The volume will contain
none of his numerous legal poems, but
only lyrics and ballads, grave and hu
morous, and the title and arrange
ment are quite novel and Ingenious.
Under the title, "The House of the Heart,"
they are distributed under the following sub
headings, according to their pertinency: the
Windows Looking Over Sea, on the Street, the
AY oods, the Churchyard; By the Hall Fire; In
the Bedroom, the Nursery, the Library, the
Garret, the Tower. The edition for sale will be
limited to 300 copies, will be printed from
type, and In the very neat form which .might
be expected from a person of Mr. Brown's well"
known bibliophllic taste.
The February Ladles' Home Journal opens
with a striking article— "When Kossuth Rode
Up Broadway"— the fourth of its "Great Per
sonal Events" series. In it Parke Godwin re
calls the unprecedented demonstration and
enthusiasm with which the Hungarian exile
was welcomed to New York; also his patriotic
but Tain mission to this country. Charles
Dana Gibson's second drawing of Dickens' peo
ple—portraying Dick Swiveller and the Mar
chioness—worthily occupies a prominent place
In the excellent magazine. The splendor and
sumptuousness which marked the festivities
incident to a doable royal wedding in the
Imperial palace of the German capital is
glowingly reflected In a "Page at the Ber
lin Court" In a delightful vein Edward
Page Gaston writes of the winsome belles of
Mexico and the restraining barriers that so
cial customs of the land interpose between lov
ers during courtship. An article that will ap
peal to women is Mrs. Talcott Williams' sketch
of "The Most Famous Cook in America." The
February Journal also presents the first of
Mrs. S. T. Borer's Cooking Lessons: "Ideal
Cooking" and "How to Make Soups." These
are the initial contributions to thedepartment
she will hereafter conduct in the Journal— the
only publication for which she writes. "The
Senate and House of Representatives" is tho
subject of ex-President Harrison's "This Coun
try of Ours" paper, and he expresses himself
very forcibly upon several points. Edward W.
Bok writes in vigorous denunciation of the
"wishy-washy" books to be found In Sunday
school libraries, and points an easy way to
secure better literature for Sunday -schoolchil
dren. "Daughters of Our Presidents" is an
attractive series of sketches of surviving
daughters of Chief Executives, and "The
Origin of Our Popular Songs," by William
George Jordan, relates the interesting circum
stances in connection with the writing of
many of our favorite melodies. Dwight
L. Moody addresses his Biole Class on
Atonement, and Ruth Ashmore writes a help
ful article addressed to girls on "Casting the
First Stone." An admirable sketch by Miss
Mary E. Wilkins portrays "A Quilting Bee in
Our Village" with charming fidelity. "The
Burglar Who Movrd Paradise," Herbert D.
Ward's ser'al. is fairly overflowing with hum
orous interest as it is uniolded. There are
ulso articles pn nmateur photography, sweet
pea culture, plans for "A $1500 Summer Cot
tage," matters pertaining to dress and the
usual departments. The magazine is bound-
Leu In the scope and interest 9i Us articles.
2324
"Fashion's
necrees"
TUCKED COSTUME FROM REDFERN.
Danish rcrt ra=hmcrc. Drapod belt, fastened (it the side with n frill heading in harmony
with that arranged down the side opening of the bolero in blftck velvet. Blouse and frills in
white silk spotted black.
Powdered coiffure now worn in Paris by brunettes for evening dro?j quite apart from
costume bali.-\
P FEBRUARY brides will be interested
: J in the portion of this Parisian epistle
■^ that treats of some toilettes recently
vcrn at several of the large weddings in
that capital. Uno fair maiden wore on the
occasion of her marriage nn exceptionally
rich white duchesse satin nacre made a ia
princess. The train measured three yards
and the bodice had a bolero of old point
d'Angleterre, and was draped with tulle.
"White satin formed the waistband and the
sleeves were slightly fnlt at the top and
draped, and from those fitted tiphtly to
the waist with point d'Angelterre falling
over the hand 3. The talle veil covered
her face and dre3s and extended to the
end ot the train, and with it was worn a
tiara of oiange blossoms. The bride's
mother was artistically arrayed in a
velvet glace, flax blue in color. On the
skirt were quille 1 " of pale golden-lined em
broidery, and on the bodice similar quilles
appeared, as well as a jabot of line Alen
con. Only at the shoulders were the
sleeves slightly puffed. The capote of
blue velvet was beautified with goid and
silver embroidery, and at the left side
arose several fine black ostrich tips ana
an aigrette.
The groom's sister was arrayed with
equal taste in a robe o' oyster-gray satin,
which opened from the neck to the ioot,
over white satin worked with diamonds
and edged with Russian sable. The roll
ing collar was square in shape in the
Louis XIII style, the rarest Venetian lace
was employed. The neckband of white
satin and sable and in the style known as
tbe "Anne of Austria" was much ad
mired. The small capote of spangled
tulle had goura plume ana a white aigrette.
termed of black chiffon c^ed ** c*W l£ «;*;£« * u p"o u k Th mv:;. 1 ;^, «l .;«. Zll »ps .„?:%" «r o paTadiefea"?' black m ° USSellne de *&. over purple - Ttt * ruffle Is
by a rte^rwSranre"" U^rivefneTban^ 18 ' Ol ' en ' U eDlire ICngth DPOB & fr ° nl ° f C ' eam - ° red lace over " tln - w -»«* of blact velvet. Drapery of ,ace on the bodice fixed
md ce ce p rniZ r d , , EmPi dreSS ' L ° W aH ° l0 ° Se ° v rall ■?" ln « ? m Kilc saU " ° ver white salin - Row 6of Mechlin lace surround the hem and outline the square opening forming berthe
and epaulettes. Cabbage bow and streamers in mimosa-yellow or emerald-green velvet. '• "" square opening, lorming Derthe
The two bridesmaids' costumes were i
ivory moire velvet; tho bodices had bre- j
relies oor. r ivoiy par.7.c chiffon ruches and j
Dison tails, forming shoulder ornaments I
and falling between the graduated puffs of i
the Valois sleeves; hats resembling small |
turbans of black tulle, with large velvet
bow on one side and hiijh white aigrette.
Ji Gala Dress
i
Just completed for the Dowager Duchess
d'Aosta 13 described as follows: "The
skirt was orar.ee velvet giace with pint,
made half long and very close-fitting on
the sides; at the back two or three box
pleats; the sides were white Mlin cov
ered with motifs of embroidery and span
sles on zauze; at the foot a thick ruche of
white tulle, bordered with rouleaux of
orange satin. The low bodice was satin,
the bacK embroidered and edged with a
tnlle ruche, the front of white satin em
broidered with diamonds and spangles,
and above this a narrow row of sable.
Orange corselet, edged with embroidered
and spangled satin ; very short sleeves
composed of tulle, sable and tufts of roses
shaded with yellow. This same dress
looks very well carried out in white velvet
and satin."
The Orchid Sown
Is one of the season's novelties. It is for
evening wear, and has a point de Venise
bodice, the decolletage and V-shaped vest
being edged with artificial orchid flowers
made of velvet with jeweled centers. The
epaulettes are cut in the shape of an
orchid petal. They are composed of lace,
heavily jeweled lace, and are wired to
curve outward over the short . upper
TIIE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 14, 1897.
s'.eeves. The sleeves merely consist of
miffs of gauze— very tinall ones— caught
here and tuere with jeweled bands of tur
quoise velvet, simulating the stamens of
a flower, so that each sleeve looks Hkq a
great orchid. Tue tablier of the sown is
of exquisite lace, with orchids. The
gown is of a soft, rich, biuisn purple
silk.
For a debutante of slender proportions
there is nothing prettier than a rose boa
ice. A berthe of roses, composed of from
three to four rows of exquisite roses, buds
and foliage, is arranged gracefully around
the shoulders, crossing kerchief style
:n front and passing over a vest of
inousseline de soie. The two ends can be
fastened in the back at the waist line and
fall artistically, mingling with a great
tulle bow, which bas long ends. A thick
ruche of the flowers encircles the slcirt of
mous3ehne de soie, and the foundation of
the whole is pule rose taffeta. Such a
gown would be a complete tailure if at
tempted at home, for unless properly
handled the roses look both clumsy and
ugly.
Embroideries and Laces.
These are being offered in tempting pro
fusion at many of our leading stores at
rjrices that are simply wonderful consider
ing their artistic and other merit 3. The
shoppers ciited with imaginations and
foresight have been securing many yards
of embroidery, for it will be possible to
use most advantageously great quantities
of it, as well as lace, in all our spring and
summer garments. For example strips of
fine embroidery may be employed with
cobwebby batiste or chiffon, or DlacK vel
i vet to make really lovely bodices, which
! may ht tighuy*or looseiy, according to the
I taste or ligure of the wearer.
Collars of lace or embroidery are used
with excellent effect on ail house and
evening gowns, and boieros either cut
round or straight, loose or tight, pleated
or plain, wiil be seen all through the
spring and probably through the summer
as well. The pleated ones are most artis
tic, and can be evolved from a pieca of
! flouncing set into a double pleat on either
; shoulder and one in the center of the
back, under the arms. The flouncing
must set perfectly plain, and this style
can only be indulged in by slender
women. Down the front must extend an
applique of lace on either side. Such a
bolero can be worn over a high dress or
over a low one, and 1 hear it will look
very provided, of course, that the
materials used are of line quality, as in
deed it is useless to waste time over in
ierior cheap goods.
Boleros.
Boleros have become, I think, almost
common, although I confess they are most
becoming; to many figures, still they are be
ing overdone; however, it is an acknowl
edged fact that they are to hold theirown
for some time yet, and perfectly plain bole
ros of embroidered net or coarse or line lace
are being cut up uotonly for boleros but for
epaulettes also. Irish lace is really an
economical purchase, for it alwaya looks
well and will last a lifetime. When lace
bodices are made from it tnoy are usually
charming, and lace bodices arc daily in
creasing in popularity, being very becom
ing. Fine black lace mounted over white
net was recently used with great success
for a bodice that was worn with a black
satin skirt. The combination of dead
white and creamy white is still in votrue,
and lace skirts wili be popular for many
months to come; quite fetching is one
j which is gathered just below the hips and
forms a very full narrow ruche. It shows an
edeing at the knees, outlined with little
! frills of kilted ribbon. The same arrange
ment trims the hem. For half-mourning
a black lace skirt made in the same way
over white satin with frills of white rib
bon would be chic. The easiest way of
making such skirts is with llounein^s of
iace, two rows of this being eewn to
gether, and where they join the frills of
ribbou appear.
Sleeves.
The novelty of the season for ball
dresses, as far as sleeves are concerned,
emanates from Paris, even New York
Deing slow to adopt them. They are lu
cidly described as long mousquetaire
sleeves falling well over the hand-. The
lace, for instance, will be black pailette in
bright or dead silver, the spangles of the
smallest size. The sleeve will reach
above the elbow only on tbe top of the
arm, but will pass underner.th and attach
itself to a lace epaulette. Tho effect of the
sly use of bare arm is charming and the
NEW TO-DAY.^ ,^_'^_ r^ -^■^^■^r^-~- M ~^^ n^ M -^. -.
/ '■ "'■ * >j : - 'V. •;-■■:.?'■■: . . i ■ ■' ■
*i®||^ ©ur Rainbow ©ollection^^
o^^^ ."^^^^^^S g*^ 2t20 r ° ses ° r $1,00 'PREPAID by MAIL
\*f^ ', &l3^^^» 4ft§[£j|^^, The Roses we send are on their own roots, from 10 to 15 inches high, and will
x£& 4T^*Ss3' xdj^*^ 'ZML^J^^'S^- bloom freely this Summer, either in pots or planted in yard. They are hardy ever-
a-PaJfljy ofj&L • %ff l^l^i^^^i^^^a bloomers. We send instructions with" each order, how to plant and care for
Jfj!<cf*£3*&&Es& f &«bBIBwH^9B them. Please examine the list below of 20 choice, fragrant monthly Roses, and see
| @jk^SrX^^ c^/'^X •!!§? wi^jqj^^^^B^MHßß^ if you can duplicate them anywhere for an amount so small as $1. They are nearly
*^^*»aj«S«r?r^v^(s^ /4-^^^^SJ^S'' ' 7%Sli!!sw&?fiP^^ all cew kind We guaxaotec them to reach you in good condition, and we also
/^^^^^^^^B SisP^- n 6 BEST DOLLAR'S WORTH OF ROSES You E?Br Parchased. 1
te^^^TUn ¥ l^T* BEAUTE IN'CONSTANTE, chants
i^BmfismS^^aSm^m t SBrs&tSSßm mss? lif H, S I I color from vellow to red. WHITE
I^^^^S^^^^^ll^SraßSSMS **^ 11£1 -* L-*l*^ 1 • p ERLE DES JARDINS, immaculate
3 2£--£3o,' JS^^^^SSS ;"'-fflC JP^ white - nD ' ALLER, rich pink in clusters, very fragrant. HAH AN COCHET,
i^'^^k'^^^^^M^m^-^^^^W^i rosv pink touched with vellow. HENRI RIQNON, coppery yellow, shaded with
W^i?^\>*^S^l i^^^^S^l red "- MD - SCIPION COC'HET, primrose yellow, rose shading. BOQUET DE
'^iiibJsAw^^^^^l^^^^r- OR ' dee P olden vellow. great bloomer. THE QUEEN, immense large pure white,
V^^^S^^^^il^^E^^a'f^' Ir*, very fragrant. AMERICAN BELLE, a grand deep red rose, deliciously fragrant.
C^gP^^^^^^i^^Jl^P^ m, CORINNA, flesh color shaded tawny copper. CRIMSON QUEEN, deep velvety
_^ rf.'^'iMW^m^fr crimson, very rich. AUGUSTA VICTORIA, pure white, always in bloom. QUEEN
' j^^^^^4^W^M^M:J>SK '0F FRAGRANCE, in clusters of 3to 10 roses, white edged shell pink. PRINCESS OF WALES, amber,
CHUT! £ RFPCC : *^34^&^u^&^^ft vellow-tiu^ed -with copper and orange. MADAME JULES FINGER, pure snow white, wax-like in texture.
UUUU OS nLLwt ?^W?Ji*S<S^^aW PRINCESS SAGAN, called the velvety rose from its richness. J. B. VARRONNE, rosy pink, bordered
~-^ **^® t§S^aS^SL with crimson. YELLOW HER/lOSA, a charming yellow of the richest color. HARQUIS DE VIVIENS,
&*r <ri£S£^<2 MffilimsMsK everybody's favorite, always in bloom. VICTOR HUGO, rich bright pink, finest rose grown.
3 *^ e * up a Club and get your Collection FREE.
THEIR OWN r^^^s^^^^^^^^^^K ix Collectiocs all labeled and packed separately, sent for $5.
ROOTS. f<£^sA' i 'iz?§3srk Cur Handsome Illustrated Catalogue, describing all kinds of Roses, Plants, Bulb9 and Seeds, mailed for
. ■, l%^^^M r '^ i^^t^^^S^k 10 eta. stamps. WE CAN SAVE YOU MONEY. Liberal premiums to club raisers of how to get your
We send . ISRIIIMP^IPSiiS! seeds and plants free. We are th - LARGEST ROSE GROWERS IN THE WORLD. Our sale of Rose
instructions with t^^^^^^^@^^^»^ • Plants alone last season exceeded a million and a half. When you order Roses, Plants and Seeds you
esch order \ -^'l^^S^^^M want the very best Trj us. Address,
for them. Box 410 Champion City Greenhouses, SPRINGFIELD, OHIO.
sleeve most graceful, giving that length
of arm wbich adds so much to one's
height. Several of fashion's leaders in
New York have endeavortd to di card
these long sleeves on fnll-dres-3 gowns,
but without success. As yet the style has
not been seen more than once or twice
here, but I warn you all that they are
correct; so try them for your next ba'l
dress.
Skirts.
It has been derinitely decided that for
evening wear the open front, the orna
mented panel, the full gathered flounce
from the knee, starting from a ruche
which will border the hem, and the co
quille trimming — which, as ita name de
notes, is like a shell made cf pleating,
with, bouquets of violets or any flower
suitable in the center. All these modes
will bo seen.
"For day wear panels will al3o be used,
and flat bands, or after the nature of
tucks, headed by i'nr. The embroidery
will be principally relegated to evening
dresses, and there is nothing newer than
the Empre-s designs and those of Louis
XV reipn ; but a good many beautiful ga
lons and beaded motifs will be introduced
from the waist downward, and be carried
down the side. Ball gowns favor frills
in thin material?, clustered together at
the hem, and constituting the sleeves.
The V-shnped embroidered pieces on the
bodices become more and more elaborate,
and it is almost impossible to have too
many buckles in paste or too many dia
monds, or paste buttons. Soft frillings
and llounces of lace fall downward from
the bodice and are held in place by dia
mond ornaments."
Spring and Summer Goods
Are arriving in great quantities, but the
loveliest I have thus far noted were some
organdies. One beauty had a pure white
ground sprayed with the most perfectly
natural pink roses and their foliage I have
yet seen. The pink was a most becoming
tone, another having a creamy surface
was made lovely by the Miirechal Niel
bud scattered over it. Do not make a
Spring Rown of shot green silt, the ruffles edged with black ribbon velvet. Guipure lace
covers the broad revers and the upper prirt of the sleeves. The tiny vest is cream chiffon over
green, and may be crosseJ by a iuue cravat of weasel iur.
mistake in purchasing the remains of last
year's stock, the designs for the summer
of '07 are vastly prettier than any ever
shown before.
One noticeable fact is that all canvases,
etamines and grenadines are woven not
more loosely, but the silken linings
underneath. They are to be bad in a
positively endless variety, so that every
imaginable taste can be satisfied.
The heavy linen canvas with open work
insertions every inch and a half are ultra
chic. The remaining portion ia run with
silken hues; par example, one of ecru tint
is run with pale mauve satin stripes, and
the dress will be lined with exactly the
Mime color silk. You readily imagine the
charming effect, pale green, blue or a
eolden brown may also be had. This
fabric is forty-six inches wide and will not
be generally worn, as it costs $2 25 per
yard.
I A variety of grenadine looks as though
woven' out by a combination of thick
twisted strong strings and cobwebs. The
extremely stylish. if forty-six inches wide,
price $2 35 per yard. The new shade of
purple, brown, green and tan may be
had. .
. Cupio Tables
i Are the latest fad for milady's drawing
room. They are dainty, plush-lined re
eentacles, covered and surrounded with
glass, for precious miniatures, rare bits of
ivory, and priceless. gem-incrusted curios
should not be carelessly exposed to dust
or atmospheric changes, so now they rest
quite safely in their tinted, perfumed i
nests. Dames of high degree, who recall
with pride ye old colonial days, take es
pecial delight in Buch tables, and many a
bit of halMorgotten history is recalled as
they relate the quaint stories connected
with some tiny trifle. However, if the
fair owner of such a table is a bit of a bas
bleu there may be a miniature of Napo
leon painted by Isaby and given by some
ardent admirer of trie autocrat to some
distant relative of the owner. Or if the
fair collector is simply an up-to-date
woman her curio-table is crowded with
delightful knick-knacks, which she frankly
admits are all purchases of her own and
not heirlooms— trifles . which she has
nicked ud ahrnnri — a. lovalv miniature of
Raphael's "Madonna of the Chair," a Rus
sian enamel spoon, hideous ivory statu
ette, a quaint old cup and saucer and per
haps a curious coin or two.
Girdles and Belts.
The fashionable brides of tc-day are
showing a fancy for the very extravagant
fad carried out in line pearls and known
as a "bride's girdle." Such a one can be
worn only with the wedding gown. At
the narrowest point it is but four inches
in width, and at the widest six; pearls
must completely cover the foundation,
and the lacing must be done with a fine
silver wire.
The Prir.ces3 Charles of Denmark has
at last decided to have the 100 selected
diamonds and rubies given to her by the
Queen on the occasion of her marriage
made into a belt, so the jewels are to be
mounted on a flexible gold wire. This
idea was suggested to the Princess when
she saw and admired greatly the famous
belt of the Duchess of Marlborough, which
is composed of magnificent stones.
Dressing of the .Hair./
It should be dressed in large loose
waves, the waves seen on many a hair
dresser's dummy in the windows having
long ago become common. French
women certainly make far more of their
hair than we do. At present they have it
rolled over a cushion in front, the soft |
knot at the back not being unduly promi- I
nent. Ornaments do not suit this mode,
and as a result they have been discarded.
It is a mistake if your face is too broad to
try and make it less noticeable by dress
ing your hair with a narrow effect in
front, as that only accentuates such
broadness; rather study. to have the hair
always in keeping with your especial
style, no matter what the prevailing mode.
Narrow oval faces are made lovelier than
ever when surrounded wit the soft, fluffy
frame of hair now so fashionable.
. ' Marcel la.
Fop .Men.
The men who desire to be correot in all
things should be extremely careful about
their stationery. Crane's bond paper,
size 4Ux7 inches, ia crood form, and then
either a crest or' monogram should be
stamped on it. Neither should bo more
than a fourth of an inch in height, and to
seal all letters use a seal with your arms
(if you have any) or your monogram.
The white lawn ties worn With full
evening dress are one inch wide, as are
also those of black satin worn with a
Tuxedo coat.
While satin waistcoats show no signs of
becoming fashionable, those of white
pique are being still worn for full evening
dress by the best turned-out men.
"Him" makes several sensible remarks
in his last article, so let me quote: "I
mink good business and good clothes go
together. The well-dressed smart-look
ing felJow has much more prestige than
the man in shabby and rusty clothes.
The suits designed for business wear are
comfortable, durable and cheap. They
; are made of good stout Sotch or Irish
stuffs. Warm plaids or overplaids in the
earthy Scotch shades are now very popu
lar. These plaiiis are no: loud. The color
scheme is well controlled, and though tho
shades used may ba very bright, they are
interwoven with moderate colors so clev
erly that one cannot tell where the bright
ness in the fabric come 3 from. Plaids
should be made up in single-breasted
sacks only. If you want a double-breasted
coat, have it made of a black or blue
cheviot, and wear it with fancy worsted
trousers. The double-breasted sack when
made of a plaid material always appears a
bit provincial.
"And now as to the cut of business suits.
If you are tall I should say a four-but
toned cutaway sack. If you are short
make it three buttons. The pocfcets
should be inserted, not patch, and should
have liberal flaps. There should be no
breast or handkerchief pocket. Have the
collar cut wide and have large lapels.
The waistcoat should be collarless. The
trousers should be exit in the regular way.
"With this suit wear a madras or a
cheviot suit. Select a pattern that will
harmonize well with your suiting. .For
example, 1 can'c bear to see eresn-striped
shirts in combination with nut-brown
suits. The collar should ba a straight
stander or poke, or a bigh-banded turn
down. If you wear a standing collar wear
a four-in-hand or an imperial scarf. If
you wear a high-banded turn-down collar
wear a club or string tie."
This completes the costume of his "ideal
business man." with either heavy cape or
deerskin gloves of a dark reddish tan, a
derby hat and russet or calf shoes.
It has been generally conceded that soft
Scotch suitings are not thoroughly satis
factory, as they wrinKle so eusiiy and
quickly bag at the knees. To look well
clothes must be kept properly pressed
either by your valet or your tailor.
KKW TO- OAT. 1 '
FIRE!
SMOKE!
WATER!
UNDERWRITERS' FORCED
SALE of the Entire Stock of
LADIES', MISSES' and CHIL-
DREN'S JACKETS, SUITS, FURS,
WAISTS, MACKINTOSHES, UN-
DERSKIRTS, etc., of
LOEWENTHAUS
Cloak and Suit House,
914 Market Street.
Sale commences Wednesday,
February 10, 1897, at 9:30 A. M.
'■ML LAWREBCE
.JpL SYSTEM.
Li /\t *^L./-_ \y The only one by which
VVT^* y" y ° U can make a garment
\fat3— N ' without trying on.
,£tpKKS* ■ FREE TESTS.
IPWs 1230 MARKET ST.treasure amid the clouds
.Delving forQold ir\ Mir\es TWo J^iles /\bov>e
tKe Lev>el of the Sea
■ fp^Df N the eastern slope of the Sierra
iT&jjr -^ eva( a Mountains, in a region of
%Hsol deep canyons and mighty cliffs,
■where snow and ice reign almost perpetu
ally, occurs a group of mines which are
' .without doubt the highest in the United
States,- and probably in North America.
They are embraced within the Homer
Mining District, which includes the region
about the head of Mill and Lake canyons.
.One of the culminating peaks of the dis
trict is Mount Scowdan, rising to an ele
vation of 12.500 feel above the sea. This
. mountain is inclosed between the two
canyons south of the little town of Lundy,
\ presenting a bold front which rises nearly :
4000 leet above it. The bold granite
cihTs are literally seamed with gold-bear-
Ing quartz veins even to it? very summit.
The May Lundy is the most noted of the
many mines on this mountain, having
. been worked for years with the produc- j
tion of a large amount of gold bullion. I
Let us glance for a few momenta at the
scenery of this wild spot and the condi- j
tions under which mining is carried on j
almost in the very clouds.
The region lies but a little to the west of j
Mono- Lake— that strange body of watar
6000 feet above the. sea, framed in desert ;
■ Bands and volcanic mountains, and with ■
"Waters-so alkaline that they soon destroy
. .most organic substance?. On the west is
. the bold scalp of the Sierra Nevada, ris
ing.6ooo feet higher, and from whose deep- j
• hidden canyons .issue large, ice-cold |
. v reams, almost rivers in size, feeding
Btually the insatiable lake. The most. |
"^important of these are Rush, Leevining i
and Mill creeks, tne latter being the most .
. northerly and draining the region which
we .wish to investigate.
.. Passing over the regular and symmetri- •
• clil glacial moraine as we ascend the open ;
• s'o-pe of the desert country from the lake
Mill Creek Canyon is entered. We are
immediately shut in by towering walls,
continually growing higher farther up
the canyon, and so precipitous that every
winter is heard the deafening roar of the
avslance which too often finds some
miner's frail cabin in its path and bears it
to destruction.
• . On a July morning, however, the scene
•is very different. The rocky walls stand
out bare and rugged. The bottom through
which the stream rashes is strewn with
bowlders and partly overgrown witn brush,
• but here and there are little meadows and '
• groups of tail pines. The road follows
up the canyon until finally there is reached '
beautiful lake about a mile lon-:, around ■
whose cliffs the road winds to reach at '
last the scattered little mining town of
• Lundy. It has an altitude of about BOW
feet and must have teen a very pretty ',
vlace originally before the relentless ax of
the miner removed the timber with which
to make safe his deep burrow* in the ad
joining mountains. Picturesque but deso
late are the bare granite and slate walls
r i
SHE MADE HIM GET UP AND HUSTLE.
surrounding us 0:1 a: I sides, Here nnd
there they are enlivened by the reddish or
vefiowisb tints characteristic of mineral
{regions. T.*e primeval beamy is gone
Vtrever. T. c trees have been felled, the
lake is partly filled up with sickens from
the quartz mills, and the cold, desolate
cliffs alone remain beyond the j-ower of
man to seriously mar.
Above the town on the left is the strik
ing pranite front of Mount Scowdan, that
preat mass of rock which hides so many
millions of shininggold, and in the search
for which tbe beautiful valleys have been
despoiled. The northern face of the
mountain bordering Hill Creek has been
nearly all located by mining claims.
These are reached by long and steep £{*•
z&g trails over the bowlder slope at the
base of the mountain proper. Over these j
sweep the winter avalanches, oiten carry
ing away rock?, trees and every vestige of
the trails. The veiii3 outcrop in the al
most vertical face of the mountain, and
the miner who spends the winter here is
.obliged to place his cabin under the pro
tecting points of rocK to avoid the con
stant danger from the avalanche. The
ore from the more accessible mines is i
packed down on mule back to the mill
near the town, but othsr* cannot be
reached in this manner. Daring mcc
- have climbed around the precipice and
carried a wire cable to connect with the
w. rkings of some small rich veins. This
enables them to let down the ore in buck
ets to a point at the bottom of the ciiffs
whence it can be taken to an arastra on
tfl c creek.
/•In Mill Creek Canyon, about two miles
fcbove the town of Lutuly, tuere lives one
of these free and independent miners. He
takes out the ore from his mine in the
clouds only as fast as it can be ground in
the arastra, not troubling himself with
a fortune which he cannot use. For a
hermit he lias a most enviable home. The
arahtra has been built under one wing ol
his cabin and is so conveniently arranged
that he can sit in his door, smote his pipe
and watch the slowly circlins miil grind
out the precious particles. When the rock
is all ground a few more days' work with
the aid of the cable and he is prepared for
another run. His cabin is in the center
Of the valley, which is a little wider here,
and the avaianches do not reach it. Thus
iie parses the years perfectly contented
ana bappy.
On the same side of Mill Creek Canyon
and in the great granite wall east of the
mouth of Lake Canyon lives another of
these hermits. His home is situated very
differently, however, being torched 'O
liicu in t c crags that a field-glass is
necessary to bring it into vision. The
cabin appears as a tiny speck in a little
rece 8 nearly 3000 feet above the town.
Puffs of smoke and echoing reports are
occasionally heard as this lone miser fol
lows up a pocket-seam, whence he
obtains nuggets varryine from twenty to
several hundred dollars in value.
But what about the May Lundy mine
the most noted one of the district? It is
not in sight from the town, but is situated
two miles away on the face of Mount
Scowdan, opposite Lake Canyon and 3000
leet above the town. The latter canyon en
ter? Mill Creek Canyon opposite Lundy, but
with a scarp 1000 feet high. Lake Canyon
is also bounded by precipitous walls
to 3000 feet hieb, and contains several
lakelets, originally very beautiful, but
now, alas, marred and partly filled with
slickens from the starup mill of the limy
Lundy mine. To gain the mouth of this
canyon a steep and zigzag trail leads up t c
side of Mill Creek Canyon, and then a gen
tle grade brings us to its head, near whicn
the mill is situated. One of the lakes lies
"higher still and tne stream whicn flows
from it is used to run the mill. The alti
tude here is 9600 feet and snowbanks lie
scattered around even in July. Although
the snow drifts here in the winter so as to
almost cover the trees the mill is kept
running the greater part ct the time. A
wire caDle 2-3CK.I feet long stretches upward
toward the highercJiffs of Mount Scowdan
until it is lost to sight, its presence being
marked by the little buckets which come
slowly down loaded with ore, and return
either empty or filled with the provisions
necessary to keep a large number of men
in working condition at an elevation of
over 2 1,000 feet.
The climb from the mill to the mine is
long and laborious, as the lightness of the
air becomes very noticeable. The habita
tion? of the men, as well as the superin
tendent's itlic?, are gathered in a little
notch in the mountain near the openings
of the main tunnels. The immediate sur
roundings are rather cheerless, nothing
but bare rock and snowdrifts, for at this
c-roat altitude the snow stays on in pro
tected spots all summer. A great bank of
icy snow lies between the tunnel from
which the ore 19 delivered to the cable
and the quarter, and across this the men
have worn a deep trail. The houses of
I tbe men are much like those of other
mines, if anything less pretentious. They
are perched upon spots which have been
partly leveled off and are often supported
by props from below to keep them from
tipping over and rolling into the depths
of the canyon. Above them tiie mountain
still towers nearly 1000 feet, and in the
j spring whon the snows are melting and
the rocks loosening bouders frequ ntly
come down in the moat dangerous fash
ion.
Everything which is used here costs, as
may be imagined, a good round sum.
With the excep;ion of vegetable*, which
I are raised in favorable years around the
I shores of Mono Lake, everything must be
obtained from some point on the Carscn
and Colorado Railroad and freighted some
100 miles to Lundy. From there, unless
the road happens to be in repair, which is
not generally the ca?e, they are packed on
mules to the mill and then ruined by cable
to the workings. Thus deprived of all but
the necessities of life and almost as iso
i i -.ted as the sailor upon the ocean, ii is not
to be wondered at that when a holiday
comes the men leave what is virtually a
prison, nnd relaxing in t c temptations of
the raining towns below, have to be al
most curried back to work when their
time is up. It would seem that mining at
such a spot, ai. an elevation of 11,000 feet,
wouid not oe attractive, but plenty of men
are always found.
There if a marked contrast between tbe
open air and the interior of the mine both
in winter and in summer. In winter it
must be a relief to escape from the arctic
storms and freezing temperature outside
to the drifts of the mine, hundreds of feet
from the surface, where there is but little
variation in temperature the year around.
In the summer, on the contrary, the drifts
and lunuels appear cold and damp in com-
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 14, 1897.
panson with the genial air outside. Tbe
perpetual dripping of the water forms
masses of ice near tse ni uths of the tun
nels, which remain the year around. En
tering one of the lower tunnels a bright
morning in July an overcoat is needed by
one rot used to the chilly air. The veins
dip into the mountain and appeur to be
inexhaustible. Although they are very
rich the cost of working has been so great
that the mine 11113 had its ups and downs
like most others.
After climbing up through the old work
ing? and atones. v« at last emerge far
above on the cl.ffs overlooking the camp.
From this po'nt we still climb upward,
but in the onen air, and at la.-t, reaching
the top of the precipitous portion of the
mountain, have an easier nath until tne
very .summit is reached, where some time
is needed to recover breath. We are now
almost on the summit of the Sierra Ne
vadas, at an altitude of 12..300 feet. Even
here we are not out of tno mineral bear
ing legion, for a vein, standing verti
STORY OF THE BLIND LUCK, OF Lazy pete
If j-lis Wife JiadrYt Ghased Him Outdoors He Would Nev>er Hav>e
Tumbled Irxto Riches
{\T ain't no use savin' fo'ks get their
: -i deserts an' no more, anyway, in this
_Ju world. The most good for DO thin* aie
tue ones that stay on top, and some bard
workin', honest devil is sure to be at the
bottom, with everybody trampin' on him.
Most everything's just luck.
Wlia: made n;e thinlc of it fast now,
ma'am, was lookin' at Pete Garber's big
house there on tbe bill. Hi-, wife just
passed in her carriage an' spoke to me.
She's one good fortune can't spoil. 1 bet
she remembers as wall as I do the days
when she done up my shirts. Yes, ma'am,
that woman used to take in v:ash:n' to
get flour an' bacon to feed Pete an' the
four young ones. She worked like a
horse. There wasn't a man on the river
didn't feel sorry for her — a go-ahead
woman tied to a lout like lazy Pete.
He : s just as lazy now as he was then,
IN THIS WAY HE STRUCK ' A BONANZA.
bujt he's smart enough to put li is money
where it's safe.
They lived down on the crick a few
miles in a little clapboard shanty with a
mud an' rock cbimbly, an' as I told you
she washed for tlie livin'. Pete didn't
care how the flour an" bacon come as long's
it did come, an' she'd been wasbin' to this
day if she hadn't got mad, an' if Pete
MAY LUNDY MILL AND MOUNT SCOWDAN.
'. cally, runs over the very highest point
and has been worked to some ex
tent.
The view is unsurpassed. The rollmtr,
i plateau-like summits of the mountains
\ about us have been ga-hed deeply by the
i canyons, to deeply in fact that from our
I point of view we cannot begin to see their
! outtoms. Away to the southwest are still
1 higher peak:*, among which are Mounts
j Dana, Conness, Warren ana Gibbs. The
> beautiful lake-, with their green meadows
; and piny forests, arc mainly out of sight
I because of the sharpness of the canyons,
I and nothing bat bare rock and immense
I snowlields greet the eyes. know, how
i ever, that every canyon is dotted with
glacial lakes and tli.it beautiful cascades
and picturesque scenes He all around and
imagination supplies the detail of what ia
i out of sight.
The investigation of Mount Scowdan
I showed that it is intersected in every di
| rection by cold-bearing quartz veins, and
j the time may yet come when it will be
hail n't had luck.
Course she was a betier-clas3 woman
than he was a man, but she'd married him
and she'd stick to Him. They say women
don't believe in doin' that nowadays, but
they did then, an' I guess the women was
pretty good good*.
Well, the children were growin' an'
wearin' out lots cf shoes au' pants an'
things, an' she was wearin' out herself,
an' one day she got mad. There was a
big boom that time; quartz strikes were
common, an' folks were takin' up mmm'
land all over the hills. I cuess she got
to thinkin' about it an' how shiftless Pete
was, an' she was tired, an' there was Pete
loliiri ' an' sraokin' his pipe. She went out
to him an' she laid down the law to him
in creat shape;she wasn't soiii* to slave
no longer an' he could get up an' hustle.
She ordered him to start out prospectin'
that very mornin' and to not come home
till he had located a mine.
Pete was all knocked in a heap. It was
as if the oid tabby cat had jumped up an'
clawed him in the face. He was too lazy,
though, to liL'ht back, so be took his tools
an' started out. He slouched up the hill
for maybe half a mile an' then be sat un
der a big shady tree. It was the only tree
veritably honeycombed with tunnrls.
One company has started v tunnel on the
north from Mill Creek Canyon, about 3500
feet below the top of the mountain, with
the intention of penetrating to the center
of the great mass of granite, and it would
seem that it mu-t intersect many of the
veins which dip into it from various di
rections.
Will the gold obtained make up for the
jrreat and irreparable injury which is being
done to the wild and romantic scenery of
ilie Sierra Nevada Mountains? The trees
are cut down, the lafces tilled up and what
nature has been thousands of years accom
plishing man destroys in a very short
time. The canyons which open eastward
from these mountains are but little known'
to the outsider at present, but the time
will come when our love of all that is
erand and beautiful in the mountains of
California will see to it that the strange
and interesting region along the eastern
slope of the Sierra Nevadas is jealously
watched over. H W. Fairbanks, Ph.D.
of size lor a long stretch, an' the morui n
was awful warm, an' Pete was tired — born
so, you Know.
He sprawled there an' smoked till the
shadow of the tree crawled away from
him, an' then he crawled into it again.
This exertion made him think of his wife
an' what he had come out for, an' how ho
did hat? to get up. So he thinks to Him
self that he'll stake a claim right there in
the shade an' then go home an' get a bite
to eat.
Now, here the luck comes In. Layin'
there on his side, pickin' away at the
ground, without thinkin' a thing about
what he was doin', that chap struck a vein
of quartz just lousy with gold, an' no
trouble at all to work.
He did get up steam enough to make
pretty good time stakin' it an 1 gettm' it
recorded, though I guess it was his wife's
head that managed it an' made it public.
Soon's it got out there was a big company
wanted to buy it out for more money than
Pete would be willin' to count, but his
wife wouldn't let him sell it aIL They
iiied themselves up for life with the price
of half an' they're makin' money haad
over fist out of the over half.
No; Pete he don't do nothin' but sprawl
an' smoke same's ever, only now he
sprawls in his own carriage an' smokes
imported cigars. He'd be stuck up if he
wasn't too lnzy to put on airs for more
than a minute or so at a time.
But his wife, she's a aeusible woman.
She's seem' that the Kids have good
schoolin' an' raisin' an' she don't forget
folks that's down on their lues. I guess
we don't none of us begrudge her the
money, or Pete, either, for that matter,
only it does seem as if bein' a rustler don't
count for much against such blind luck as
Pete's. Olive Heyde.v.
Fatal Fifty-Six.
Fifty-3ix years seems to be a fatal age
for people of genius. Among those who
have died at that age may be mentioned
Dante, the Italian poet; Hugh Capet,
King of France; Henry XIII, King of
England; Henry IV, Emperor of Ger
many; Paganiiii, Italian violinist; Alex
ander Pope, English poet; George Sale,
English orientalist; Marcus Aurelius, Em
peror of Rome; Frederick I, King of
Prussia; John Hancock, American states
man; Mara Louisa, Empress of France;
Philip Messenger, English dramatist;
Salad in, the great Sultan of Egypt; Rob
ert Stepbenson, English engineer; Scit>io°
Africanus. Roru.-m general; Helvetius,
French philosopher and author; Henry
11, the first of thu Piantagenet line; the
elder Piiny, Roman naturalist ana au
thor; Julius Caesar; Charles Kingsley,
English author; Juan Prim, Spanish gen
eral and statesman ; Henry Knox. Ameri
can Revolutionaiy general; Thomas Mif
fliri. American patriot; Yon Tromp, Dutch
admiral; Abraham Lincoln; Marryatt, the
novelist; George Whitfield, English
founder of Calvinistic Methodism ; Robert
Dudley, Earl of Leicester, favorite of
Queen Elizabeth; Johann Gaspar Spurz
heim, German physician and phrenolo
gist, ana Frederick 11, Emperor of Ger
many.
AMATEUR VS. PROFESSIONAL
Baird JKroWs Ligkt or\ a Question That
Agitates the /Uhletic World
eNE of the subjects that is absorbing
t^lS the attention of tie public at tne
W*4w present time, and particularly
young men engaged in athletics, is "What
is an amateur?" W. . .;
When athletics were organized on a per
manent basis in this country in 1878 one
of the first acts performed by the newly
organized National Association of Ama
teur Athletes was to formulate a defini
tion of an amateur. This decree was com
prised in six or seven lin»s and was more
important and far-reaching than all the
other articles of the constitution put to
gether. The definition of an amateur v;«s
not only the cornerstone of the edifice
that has since grown to such stupendous
proportions, it was the Samson's pillar
bearing the weight of the entire structure.
The ideas therein contained were bor
rowed lrom England, the mother of ama
teur athletics, revised, modified or im
proved according to the judgment of the
legislators on amateur law.
When the influence of the National As
sociation began to wane and the Amateur
Athletic Union rose to its present posi
tion of power an idea was circulated that
it might be well to substitute "conditions
of competition" for the old "definition of
an amateur." On the reorganization of
the constitution of tne union upon us
present basis the two greatest changes
made were: The partition of the country
into "associations," of which there were
to be six, and (second) the adoption of the
new "conditions of competition."
It has been stated that we are indebted
to England for our amateur principles.
The origin of the idea, in that country
arose from their aristocratic establish
ment, which, as everybody knows, is very
elaborate. In that, country the people are
separated into two classes — "gentlemen
and commons." This division is not
clearly denned; however, the line of de
markation between the "aristocracy" on
one hand and the laboring and artisan
classes on the other is, so sharp that no
one can possibly make a mistake. Dis
putes to the claim of gentility arise
chiefly from what is termed the middle
class.
The better element of society recog
nized the fact that thare was a vast differ
ence between the runner, walker and
prize-fighter who expended ell their
efforts and most of their character on
making money, with little or no regard
for the rights of others or their own good
name, and those who did not. True, there
were some honest men among them, but
they made very little money compared
to their dishonest brethren, and the
struggling and lonely light which they
shed only served to make the surrounding
blackness more profound. At that time
even more than at present pedestrians
slipped a bit of soap in their mouths and
fell down at the critical point in a race be
fore the sympathizing spectators, foam
ing at tao mouth; sprinters sold their
JHE CHASE— J\JvIGIENJ A^ID MODERN.
races with only one regard, that of the
lury of an outraged populace, and pugil
ists slugged each other with bare fasts in a
manner too revolting to describe.
At last the time came when the English
gentleman (and I use that term now as we
would use it) came to the conclusion that
if he would be, an athlete he must take
bis choice between mixine with such in
tolerable company or "Hock off by Him
self." Right here let me say that ama
teur athletics are founded on one of the
grandest impulses in the human breast,
namely, love. It is love of exe>cise and
the excitement of the contest alone that
inspires the real amateur. The foregoing
was written before it occurred to me that
"amateur" is derived from the Latin
amator, lover.
Having given the history of the defini
tion of an amateur, we will now consider
the conditions as prescribed by the Ama
teur Athletic Union. The law on this
subject is rather voluminous, covering as
it does over two closely primed pa^es of a
pamphlet. The object of its authors in
being so exhaustive was to leave no loop,
boles open tuat might give rise to dispute.
My intention is to boil down and rear
ranee the rules that they might be more
easily understood by those who are not
conversant on the subject.
First and most important of all the con
siderations which debar a man from com
peting with amateurs is the fact of his
having received money for the exercise of
his physical powers. This is the most
flagrant offense of its kind, the ieast ex
cusable and the easiest understood by the
public. His- offense may have been com
peting in some contest of physical strength
or speed and receiving money for a re
ward* It may have been for teaching in
a gymnasium or training an athlete or
team for some physical contest, or having
charge of athletic grounds. Here he
actually gets paid for his labor, or even if
he doe<s not get paid for athletic exhibi
tions he has at his disposal opportunities
for perfecting himself that the amateur
cannot have— at least the vast majority of
them.
But the receipt of money is not the only
thing that makes a man a professional.
It may be the only means at his disposal
of earning an honest living for himself
and family. If such be the case the man
is entitled to respect and is respected, for
I have seen professionals) of this character
and bearing a good name treated with
L'reat consideration by gentlemen ama
teurs of refinement and culture. Bow
ever, there are acts that will not only
make a man a professional, but will bring
down upon him ten times more contempt
than a lifetime of earnings in the profes
sional ranks — I refer to knavery. Such
tricks as selling a race, deliberately foul
ing a competitor, secretly injuring ma
chines in a bicycle racs and other im
moral practices will pitch a man from the
amateur ranks as though shot out of a
gun.
It seems lo me that the reader will have
no trouble in comprehending the defini
tion so far as I have chosen the
principles easiest understood. Let us
I now take up explanations a trifle more
I complicated. It will not be difficult for
any one to see why persons who had re
ceived money for competing or had
cheated others out of their just dues
! should be disqualified, but there are many
who cannot see why a man who has gone
down to Los Angeles, for example, and
run under an assumed name just for
fun should forever be debarred from cora
| peting with amateurs. And yet the rea-
I son is very simple when you look closely.
Among gentlemen everything should be
done in a manner above suspicion or re
proach. There must be no tricks of any
kind whatever. When a sentinel warns a
prisoner not to cross the dead line and
the man keeps far from it the sentry is at
i ease; but when the man begins to walk
I up and down on the dead line the soldier
looks to see if his cartridge is in order. If
you permit one man to enter a race under
' a false name you mu^t permit all to do so
• if they feel so disposad, and then you
| would have endless confusion.
There is another point that will debar
a man very quickly from the amateur
ranks if he is detected in it, namely, re
ceiving a consideration for becomiug or
remaining a member of a particular club.
This does not apply to cases where nieu
have been admitted as members of clubs
and their initiation fee waived.
Not only can a man be debarred from
amateur contests ior entering under a
false name, but the same punishment
awaits the one who enters under a club
other than his own. However, I do not
know whether the court before which he
would appear would be as severe as in the
'other case unless they could prove or had
reason to suspect an intention to defraud.
There are a few other conditions which
must not be infringed upon if a young
man does not wish to bring himself under
the ban of the athlet c authorities. The
rules strictly prohibit eniering a contest
open to professionals, or wh it are called
"open competitions,' 1 that is, events that
are understood or advertised as open to all
comers without any restrictions. To enter
such a contest, even if the man did not
compete, would indicate a professional
spirit, lor it is to be supposed that hi 3
intention was to start and to win the
prize. As bpfore remarked, no one i 3
wanted in the amateur ranks who is not
an amateur at heart, and the object of
such a strict rule is to keep younsj men
away from the dead line. Let me not do
misunderstood— a gct>d rule is one thing,
the enforcement of it is another, and
someiimes the executive officers of athletic
law are derelict in their duty. However,
I am exceedingly glad to see the officers of
the Pacific Athlete Association so strict
and jus: in their rulings and enforcements
oi the lav.
Again, an amateur will be debarred for
competing with a professional in a private
race or contest lor a prize of any nature
whatever. I repeat, the object of the rule
is to keep the two classes us far apart as
possible. In a future issue I may devote
some space to explaining what relations
the amateur cau bear to the professional
witbou: being disqualified thereby.
George D. B.mrd.
Several jockeys at Newmarket earn
£3000 a year.
2526
IN CHILDHOOD'S REALM
A Valentine.
By Eugene Field.
Go, Cupid, and my sweetheart tell
1 love her well.
Yet, though she tramples on my heart
And rends that b'.eedlne taing apart;
And though she rolls a scornful eye
On doting me when I 50 by;
And tnoagn Bbc scouts at everything
.\s tribute unto her I bring—
A] i>.l'. b matin, cainmel —
Haste, Capid, to my l</vo and tell,
In sjjite of all, I love her well!
And further say, I have a sled,
Cushioned in blue and painted redl
The Rroceryman has promised I
Can hi:cii whenever he goes by—
<io tell ber that, a::d furthermore,
my sweetheart that a score
Of other little girls implore
The boon of riding on that 6led,
Painted and hitched, as aforesaid;
An 1 tell her, Capid, only she
Shall ride upon that sled with me.
Tell her this all, and further tell
I love her well.
ejNCE upon a time ever so long
g> ago, away back in the third
■ft century, there lived a good
Bishop. History teils us that he was
made a martyr on account of his religious
beliefs by Claudius II on February 14,
A. D. ii"O. We aiso learn that the 15th of
February was a heathen lestive day called
"Februata Juno," and was the occasion of
mr.ch froiickiug and merry-making.
Finally, through the efforts of the
church, the people were persuaded to
ho:d their festivities on the 14th and to
give it the name of St. Valentine, instead
of that of the heath»n goddess Juno, and
this is how it happens that the martyred
bishop's name is associated with a day
that for centuries has been devoted to
mirth and revelry almost the whole world
over.
The sweetest, prettiest idea in connec
tion with St. Valentine's day is the one
"DID YOU SEND IT TO ME, BERTIE?"
alluded to by Shakespeare to the effect .
that on this aay birds choose their mates, i
Formerly it was the custom to send only ;
love letters as valentines, but now glove?,
garters, birds, pretty pieces of jewelry,
bonbons an i, above all, flowers are con
sidered appropriate gifts to send to sweet
hearts and friends.
My boys and girls, your editress sin
cerely hopes that you have been guarded
in your sending; that you have taken no
mean advantage of the secrecy and mys
tery attendant on "St. Valentine's" day.
Do's Valentine.
BY AGKKS RErPLIHR.
{^T was certainly a wonderful valentine.
2 Not that you or I, perhaps, would
Ji have considered it anything remark
able, but to Do's tristful eyes, as she stood
gazing in the shop window, it seemed the
perfection of all that was beautiful.
There was a shepherdess tending her
sheep, with a crook tied with ribbons and
tiny little slippers on her tiny little feet.
And there was a shepherd lad lying in
the grass and playing on his flute for her
entertainment, while the lambs, frisking
gayly about, took core of themselves and
gave no trouble whatsoever.
A broad border of gold lace surrounded
this lovely valentine and Do stood look
ing at it admiringly, and wondering if
ever in ber life she would own anything
half so beautiful.
Poor little Do! Father and mother had
both died when she was a baby, and ever
sir.cc she could remember she had lived
with her Autit Betsy, in the big brick
hou-e ttiat seemed to her always the
gloomiest spot in the whole town. Not
that her aunt was poor, for the brick
house was both tall and bro.td, and Do
ha I all the comforts she required.
Her clothes were good, though so old
fashioned in their cut, and so somber in
their coloring, that the chinl, con-cious of
never looking lite other little gins, and
fancying, in her painful shyness, that they
were iaughing at her, shrank from their
society and became as lonely at school as
she was at home.
Her companions all agreed that she was
a little guy, because she wore an old
brown hood and a queer-looking brown
rloth cape, which might, as Corny Reeves
said, "have come out of the ark" ; and
they thought her a little eoose as well, be
cause she never seemed to know how to
play any games or make any friends for
herself. She could study her lessons well
enough, and that was about nil.
At home her aunt scareiy ever noticed
her. She did not mean to neglect her
dead brother's child in any way, and it
never occurred to ber that she was doing
Dorothy— or Do, as she was called— was
warmly c.'ad, well feel and sent to tue best
BChool. That anything else was necessary
to make a sensitive little girl bappy was
an idea that did not piesent itself to ber
mind for a moment, and that, perhaps,
was just the reason that Do was gazing so
wistfully at the valentine in the shop win
dow.
It represented to her that kind of love
and pleasure which she knew entered into
other children's Jives, but which seemed
to be all left out of her .
"Just look a: Do Thornton staring at
the valentines!' said Bertie Rollins to his
sister, a3 they came down the street to
school. "Wonder if she expects to buy
any?"
"You had better send her one, I think,"
suegestert Grace.
"So I will — a comic one if 1 can get any
i that will suit. A girl dressed up like her
■ grandmother would be a good idea. She
! will never dream who sent it."
And the two children passed on their
way, leaving the solitary little figure still
absorbed in the beauties of the store win
dow.
But Do's eye 3 were not the only ones
that had espiel out and admired the
gold-bordered valentine. Bertie Roliins
i himself had been greatly struck by its
! gorgeousness, and had made up his mind
• to send it to Katie Snow.
A vastly different child from Do Thorn
j ton was this same Katie Snow, with mis
j chief sparkling in her dark eyes, ana tne
! spirit of fun lurking always in the corners
ol her rosebud mouth. A merry, romping
beauty, who easily won the hearts of
! every boy and girl in the school, and,
| though willful and skittish as a kitten]
j yet managed to remain a general favorite
with all the teachers.
Bertie had long been devoted to ber,
dragging her home on his sled, presenting
her with odd oranges and pieces of chew
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 14, 1897.
ing sum, and altogether showering on her
thosa attentions by wtiich a schoolboy ia
given to making known his admiration.
And now he was prepared to send her
that valentine if it took every cent of
pocket-money he owned, and Bertie was
generally very well supplied in this re
spect.
Sixty cents was the price, but the boy
paid it without winking and was about
iioingoutof the store when he remem
bered Do Thornton and the comic valen
tine he was to send her. The idea wa3
too good to be lost, and after looking over
the entire stock he selected one In which
a very woe-begone young woman, dressed
in garments more prim and stiff than a
Quaker's and with a huge poke bonnet on
her head, was warning other girls against
the vanity of dress and bidding them fol
low her wise and provident example.
Now, Bertie was not a cruel or even an
unkind boy, though he was ready to do
such an unkind thing. It never occurred
*.o him that such a jest was likely to
wound poor Do's sensitive little heart.
He did not mean to be ill-natured, but
then he had no right to be so, even with
out meaning it. A hundred such pictures
would not have hurt his feelings, and he
did not take the trouble to think bow dif
ferent the two cases were. And for my
part I do not consider that those
wretched colored daubs which are called
comic valentines are ever a pleasant joke.
For one that may be sent in pure fun a
dozen carry with them a spark of malice
and are received either with wounded
feelings or with anger; and when a jest
has any ill-nature about it it is best to let
it alone.
But Bertie was only a boy, and a heed
less boy at best, end without stopping to
think of tue consequences, he carried his
valentines home and directed the two
large envelopes in writing that was care
fully disguised. They were about the
same size and he dropped them in the
leitcr-box before ho went in to supper.
The next morning, at school, he kept
watching for the two little girls, and pretty
soon Do came along, her satchel on her
arm and her face looking unusually bright
and happy in its old brown hood. He felt
so curious that he could not forbear aj>k
in? a question wnich might easily betray
him.
"Hello, Do!" he called. "Did you get
any valentines this morning?"
She turned to him with flushed cheek
and sparkling eyes.
"Oh, Bertie!" she half whispered, "did
you really send it to me? And it is so
beautiful!"
"What is so beautiful?" asked the boy,
bewildered.
"The valentine," she answered, with a
smile that lit up strangely the sad little
face. "I wanted it so much, and I could
not think where it bad come from."
"Let's see it.' said Bertie, faintly, be
ginning to realize that something bad
gone wrong.
Do opened her sa tchel and carefully tooK
out a lar.°;e white envelope, with Mis 3
Djrothv Thornton written on it in
cramped characters, that ne recognized at
once.
From this she slowly drew a valentine
— no prim young woman, in a poke bon
net, however, but a well-known shep
herdess tendine her lambs, with ber
shepherd-boy lying in the grass at her
feet.
Bertie saw it all now. Was there ever
anything so stupid? In his hurry he had
slipped the two valentines into the wrong
envelopes, and Katie Snow had, before
this, received the ill-natured picture des
tined for Do Thornton.
Luckily, the direction was disguised and
she need never know who sent it. Sup
pose he should tell Do just how the thing
happened !
He glanced at her as this thought passed
through his mind, and was startled to see
how pretty she looked, notwithstanding
the brown hood and awkward brown cape.
ilerlips were parted in a pleased smile,
as :-he gazed at her treasure, and showed
a glimpse of tiny white teeth. Her blu_
eyes were fairly moist with delight.
"Did yon send it to me, Bertie?" she
asked again, with wistful eagerness.
A.nd not for worlds would the boy have
destroyed the happiness she felt.
"Yes, I sent it," he said, bluntly; "and
I am glad you like it so much." Then,
with tho straightforward friendliness of a
boy, he added, "And, look here. Do, if
you like, I'll take you home on my sled,
after school."
"If there isn't your brother Bertie drag-
King Do Thornton on his sled!" said
Corny Reeves to Grace, as they walked
home together.
"Ye?," said Grace, who was always
quick to follow in her brother's lead.
"He says she is a real nice eirl, and he
sent her that lovely valentine she has;
and I am going to ask her to my party
next week."
And that was the way Do began to make
friends. And, fie ice once brokan, it was
soon found out that she could play all
zames very well, and coul I be the gayest
ofthegav. And now there is no greater
favorite and no happier girl En the school
than shy, ill-dressed Do Thornton.
Golden Days.
Tracy's Comics
f^yCHOOL had just been dismissed
"* ntl tDe boys had nathered outside
•*■■# 3 to discuss plans for the coming
Valentine's night.
"You just bet we are going to l:ave
some sport," said Fred, one of the oldest
in the group. "I saw the greatest comic
valentine downtown, just the thing to
sand to teaciier."
"Tell us what it was," chorused all the
boys.
•"It was a fine comic," said Fred, "a pic
ture of an ugly old woman, and it was
called 'The Old Maid,' anil had a couple
of great verses. You see I thought it
would be a line thing for teacher, you
know she is so homely, and an old maid
too."
"Oh my, won't she 1 c mad," said Harry,
a mischievous - looking boy somewhat
younger than Fred.
"Oh, by the way," continued Harry, "I
saw a comic down in Tracy's store-window
that I think would be 'out of sight' for
Tom Atkins. "You know what a shabby
looking old coat that is he wears to school.
It Isn't a quarter big enough and it's all
patches. The comic was called 'The
Seed}' Man,' ami I couldn't help but grin
when I saw how much the picture looked
like Tom. Won't he be wild when we gi7e
a ring at hisdocrbeil and he gets that?"
"Tracy has a lot of the funniest comic
valentines in town this year," said one of
the other boys, "and when we buy ours
we'll have great fun taking them round,
ringing the doorbells and theu running
round the corner."
"I say, fellers," said Fred, "it's getting
late now and to-morrow night is Valen
tine's, so we'd all better go home, get our
money and meet on the corner at 5 o'clock.
Then we'll go down to Tracy's and pick
out the ones we wish." So the little group
separated, all the boys going their several
ways., thinking gayly of the fun that was
in store.
But Burt, one of the boys who had been
listening to the plans for Valentine's
night, walked slowly and thoughtfully
toward home. He was a jolly boy, gen
erally, the li c of ail the fun at school, but
when Fred spoke of sending that comic to
Miss Parsons, the teacher, liurt felt some
how as though it wouldn't be the thing.
He remembered how willing she was to
explain over and over again the knotty
problem or the lesson that was hard to
understand. He remembered how his
mother had told him once the *ecret of
that sad look in her eyes, the story of her
lonely life. He didn't suppose all the
boys knew and he didn't feel like telling,
but he did wish he could do something to
prevent Miss Parsons from getting that
kind of a valentine. Yet, as he said to
himself, "1 don't want to spoil the fun, so
I'll go to the corner at 5."
The appointed hour tound the boys on
the corner, all but Fred, who failed to put
in an appearance.
"Where on earth can he be?" said
Harry. "He told us to meet here at 5
o'clock sharp, and now be isn't here him
self."
The boys had not lons* to wait, however.
Down the street Fred came, breathlessly
running, waving his arms frantically in
the air and calling to ihe boys with all
the power of strong, healthy lungs.
"Oh, there's been an accident on the
train — it was almost wrecked, bin it
wasn't, and Tom Atkins did it— saved it
from the washout, 1 mean — and they're
bringing him in now on the train. He's
killed, I guess, or if he isn't he's pretty
near it!"
"Come on, fellers, let's go and see." said
Harry. Off the boj'B scampered for tne
depot as fast as their sturdy young limbs
could carry them. Jusi as they got there
the big engine swung around the curv-*
and came slowly into the depot, drawing
a long train of passenger coaches.
The news that there had been a washout
on the road and that the train would have
been wrecked if it hadn't been for Ton:
Atkins had spread rapidly through the
town and a large crowd had gathered at
the depot long before the boys' arrival.
"There he is! There he is! ' said Fied,
as several meu carefully alighted, gently
lifting a hastily improvised stretcher upon
which poor Tom lay.
"How did it happen? How was he
hurt?" was heard on every band.
The story was soon told. Tom had been
out on the hills hunting for tiie first
spring wiidttower-, where he went each
year to gather them to sell to the city
trade. But the reins had been tin usually
heavy and the few blossoms that were
brave enough to lift their heads above the
water-soaked earth looked wind-blown
and strangely desolate.
"They will never do," said Tom, in a
hopeless voice. Tom was in the habit of
talking to himself, as those are apt to do
who know little of true human compan
ionship.
It was a keen disappointment to Tom,
for no one knew how much he needed the
O DOLLY, dolly darling !
O dolly, dolly mine!
They laugh because I tell them
That you are my Valentine.
They think that I should have, dear,
A doll in place of you;
Now|don't be frightened, dolly,
For that's what I'll never do,
1 know your nose is melted;
I know one eye is gone;
My father said this morning
That you r.ally were forlorn.
But that's the very reason
Why you should always be
The very dearest dolly
In the whole round world to me.
If mv nose should get broken,
If I looked queer and wild,
Would my mamma exchange me
For another brand-new child?
HELEN MARSTON in Our Little Ones and the Nursery.
money he hoped to gain by the sale of the
flowers.
Tom's father had died years before, and
his mother was weak and worn from the
struggle of the years.
Tom started for home along the railroad
track after his fruitless search.
Ju^ as he reached a turn in the road he
saw tnat the nun had caused a heavy land
slide across the track.
Tom had hardly time to think before he
heard in tho distance the heavy rumble of
the approaching train.
What was to he done? Tom ran wildly
down the track toward the train.
And then he thoujrht of his old worn
jacket — the one the boys made such fun
of. It had been warmly lined with bright
red flannel, for the want of something
better.
Hastily pulling It off, Tom waved it
frantically at the approaching train.
Seeing the red Hag— the signal of dan
cer—the engineer applied the brakes.
Tom, in his excitement, stood still on
the track. The engineer shouted, but tlie
nervous strain had begun to tell, and Tom
did not hear.
On came the train, and before it could
be stopped it had knocked poor Tom
down and dragged him some little dis
tance.
Kind hands lifted him from the track
and bore him into the train and onward
toward home.
"A badly broken leg," the doctor said,
as Tom was carried into bis humble home.
"He never thought of his own danger,'
the people whispered, with moistened
eyes.
"Boys," said Burt, as they witnessed
the mother's urief in the little poverty
stricken home, ''he will live, the doctor
says. Let's buy Tom some dowers to look
at when He is sick— tie lov s them, so his
mother says— and some other little thinsts
he need 9 instead of the 'comics.' What
do you say, fellers?' 1
And what they said you can guess when
I tell you that Tracy put bis comic valen
tines away for another Valentine day,
vainly wondering why the boys didn't
seem to care for comics this year.
Corxie L. Bakti.ett.
From Tom to Dorothy.
A VALENTINE.
Your eyes! oh.ivy! 1 wish I could
Of all their beauties write;
They're just the loveliest, fairest blue-
In fact they're "out of sight" ;
And when you're glad they shine and dance
In such a merry way,
And when you're sal they always look
So dreamy, far-away.
Your hair is tied with ribbon bows
Just l:ke the other girls',
But not a one of them can boast
Such lovely goid'-'n curls;
And when m school the sun comes 'round
And shines upon your hair
I Know the angels never had
A halo half so lair.
And wh»n you smile! oh, Dorothy,
My heart goes pit-a-pat
Till, as the boys all say with truth,
I don't know "where I'm at."
And I am foolish, ye*. I know,
To writ.' such words io you;
But when I love you such a lot,
What am 1 going to do?
Cor xi c L, Bartlett.
THE LETTER
BOX
Alameda. Jan. 31, 1897.
Dear Editor: This is the first letter I have
ever written to The Call. lam 9 years and 11
months old. I go to the Encinal school in
Alameda, and I like to read the children's
page every Sunday In The Call. My father
has a lot ot pigeons, und some of them have
tlown from Portlnnd, Or. I hope to see my let
ter in nejct Sunday's Call. Oblige yours
truly, Arthi-r Herman Leydeckek.
DIT( h Flat. Cal., Feb. 7. 1897.
JVnr Editor: As I have never seen any li t
ters in Thk Call from Dutcn Flat I thought I
would write. I rend the Childhood's Realm
every Sunday and like It very much. I am a
li: t'.e tjirl 11 yean old end am in the sixth
grade of the public school. Inclosed I send
the answers to sor.ie of the puzzles and some
VALENTINE TO
A SICK
DOLL
CHILD FAITH
Bess was sifting in the nurserr^^
Best withrcirty golden he^^ly
l 'sewi^Jdesses,rape§)an' boWfs JJ$
For d^^llierso Ih^id. Py. 1
j^Xvoa Sunda%^nd she sat mere
A Just as- ovM as a mouse^
6^^ living creature,
\^^haT Iherew^ about the house
Byedna bye\n& m mc loo^n^lp^"
Looking for W bah^Aßess = ' " ||»|
OhiAusser,see,fes€wing see Vies j i \
for my dqlti^^K' Wejj dess .nl i
darlin^S^hty,
iHK> Tbsew^GodUl«iysabbftlh(fc^
M 4J An( ifeeliuite 3ad^tiatyou,dear'
%>, Would Mtiasijch sinful way.
Why Msserrcri^ess^tones off reproof
As she puThej^d^fiollyiD oed^ ,a
Doesnt th^tteod Lord4<noW\ €sif§!§,
be sewin'wis oit any tread^^^J 1
puzzles for you. Hoping my letter will be
published I shall close. Your little reader,
Annie Jones.
San Francisco Feb. 3, 1897.
Dear Editor: This is my first letter to you.
My grandma has taken The Call a long time
and is much pleased with it. lam 7 years of
age and go to the Webster School, and am in
the second grade. My teacher's name is Miss
Turney and I like her very much. I have a
little sister and her name is Maude. I fear
my letter is already too long, but hope that it
will escape the wastcbaskel I remain, your
little reader, Grace B. Watson.
Oakland, Cal.
Dear Editor: lam a little girl 9 years old. I
po to the Lafayette school. I have a nice dog,
and its name is Dude. My papa has taken
The Call for a long time. I hope my letter
will not go into the wastebnsket, as it is my
first letter to The Call. Your little friend,
Nellie Perkins.
Easton, Cal., Jan. 22, 1897.
Dear Editor: Yesterday the seventh grade of
our school had as our gr.i inmar lesson to write
a letter to one of our friends, cousins or clnss
roates, but some of us did not have anybody
to write to, so our teacher said that we might
write to the San Francisco Call. Our school
is a fine two-story building, with four hand
some rooms, besides a library-room. We also
have a nice windmill and tank and plenty of
playground for exercise and fun. The build
ing is situated in Washington Colony, which
is quite large and contains a nice plautation,
with many kinds of fruit trees and a large
field of grain. When the flowers are in bloom
and the green leaves have opened it is very
lovely around the colony. We have a little
town here by the name of Easton, which is six
miles from Fres'io and has one store, one
blacksmith-shop, three churches and one bank
ing house. I will close my letternow, as I have
no more to tell about our schoolhouse or our
colony. Yours truly,
Leonard A. Erickson.
THE PUZZLER.
I. A Diamond Puzzle:
X —A letter in prime.
XXX —A young goat.
X X X X X —In disguise.
X X X X X X X -To represent.
X X X X X -Courage.
XXX —A kind of vase.
X —A letter in prime.
The central letters, down and across, spell
the same word.
(Selected) Ida Wightman (C. R. C).
11. Word square:
I— Compensation.
2— A favorite.
3— 'JoHfsist.
4— To eat sparingly.
5— A coin.
t> — Sarcasms.
111. What is that with which a man parts
every day and still always keens?
II and 111 by Fred Anthes (C. R. C).
IV. (a) Why is a dirty man like a Jlannel?
(6) What is a button?
Bessie Orchard (C. R. C).
V. Riddle:
A treasure am I, 'neiith a tropical sky.
On dry land I make travelers glad,
But give me an S
And a power I possess when at sea
To make travelers «ad.
(Selected) Emma Ec.oers (C. R. C).
VI. Whole, lam not far.
Change my head, and I am loved;
Again, and I am dread;
Again, and I listen;
Again, and I am a product of sorrow;
Agaiu, and I am to raise;
Again, and I am withered.
Lena Woodson (C. R. C).
VII. My 1,2, 3 is a Latin prefix denoting
separation;
My 1, 2, 3, 4 is a circular form much used in
ornamentation;
My 3, 4, 5, 6, 7 is certain cloth of common
reputation ;
My i>, 6. 7 is border, edge or line of decora
tion;
My 7, 8, 9, 10 is a girl's nickname, a German
appellation;
My 9, 10, and 11, a boy's nickname, a plain
abbreviation ;
My 9, 10, 11, 12, 13, 14, a race of our great
creation;
My 12, 13, 14, an element of electric experi-
MyVhole is what all should use in every re
lation; .
In choice of pleasures and of friends,
As well as occupation.
Selected by ALICE BELL (C. R. C).
VIII. (a) What is wampum?
(b) How was it formerly made by the In
dians?
• (c) For what was it used?
(rf) What made it become of little value?
IX. (a) What great poet was born on 27th of
February?
(b) Which of his poems have you read?
(c) Which do you like the best?
X. When was Charles Dickens born?
Name four of his works.
ArvsWers for February 7.
I. Crow— swan — owl. ta
H. Music. I
111. (a) When the cow jumped over th»'
moon.
(b) When it's a drift.
(c) Because it's the middle of day.
(d) A glove.
IV. (a) Water.
(b) Wet.
V. (a) Sin— kln-g— sing.
[Note— Mistake in print; should ha?a beea
"to utter" melodious sounds.]
(6) De-sir-ed— deed.
VI. CHICAGO
MEETS
END
T
CUT
CURRY
PLAYFUL
vn. Shovel— hovel.
VIII. Drink— rink— ink.
IX. (a) Whip— hip.
(b) Climb— limb.
(c) Bark— ark.
(rf) Soar — oar.
X. (a) The 14th of February.
(6) Because the 22d of the present month tfl
the anniversary of the birth of George Wash
ington.
/\nsWers J^eceiVed.
Answers to puzzles of February 7 have beea
received from the following members of C. R.
C. : Alice Bell. M. K. Navone, Retha Waldau,
Kdith Waldau, Lena Woodson. For January
31. Ethel Wilds.
Answers from non-members for February 7:
Annie Jones, Sydney L. Schmidt, Lulu Shat
tuck, Emma Leslie, Katie and Laura Sablat
schan, Annetta E. Girard, Robert Lincoln,
May McCarthy. For January 31: Lizzie
Wienke, Lizzie Henderson, Mabel C. Mecchl.
Letters y\cUnoWledged.
Besides letters published pleasant communi
cations have been received from the boys and
girls whose names follow: Annetta E. Girard,
Harry G. Matllck. Anita Lafranchi, Guosie
Wheeler, Ella Jefferson, Loretta Mortimer,
I Emma Leslie, R. and E. Waidau (C. R. C ),
KmmaHollenbeck, Abraham Precisdo, Juliett*
Driscoll, Annie McMahou, Nellie Hender»oaJ^
Ethel Wilds, Theo Oscar Leydecker, Eva N*«
vone, K. and L. Sablatschan and S. C. B. and
j May McCarthy.
Jo Correspondents.
J. Driscoll: Your story duly received. Your
. letiers are not published because you write on
i both sides of your Da per.
A. E. Girard: Who is the author of the §ong
! sent by you to children's page?
C. R. c. means Childhood's Realm Club.
In order to become a member a contribution
of story, rhyme or puzzle, written Dy you,
i must appear in print on our page.
Alice Bell wishes to know what has become
of Max Selit;.
The words "selected" or "original" must bo
written on all contributions.
Myrtle Van Loon: Many thanks tor th
pretty little ferns.
Exchanges,
"Golden Days," a weekly for boys and girls
contain me eighteen or twenty pages o! amus-e
ing and instructive reading matter. J. Elver
son publisher, Philadelphia. £end for sample
copy.
"The Youth's Companion" has started out
with the new year fully up to its excellent
standard, ami is always enjoyable to both
young and old.
"Harper's Round Table" is another weekly
that shoufd be found on every library table
around which gather bright boys nnd girls.
In the February number of St. Nicholas ap
pear the opening chapters of an interesting
story for girls, by Frances Courtenay Baylor.
It is delightfully entertaining ana is pretity
illustrated by R. B. Birch. 4
No magazine could possibly be more pleas
ing to tiny tots than "Our Little Ones and the
Nursery," the February number being an ex
quisite edition. L. Elkus publisher and ed
itor, Boston, Mass.
Suggestions for Glub J^lotto.
"Try Again," or "Wo Are Comrades "— S.
Wilds (C. R. C).
[ "Try to Win."— E. Navoae (C. R, C,),A SUBMARINE SUMMERSAULT
►NeW Idea for Raising S\jr\ker\ Vessels.
Their Positions /\re Reversed and
the Jiold pumped Full of /\ir
iJWy.N ingenious invention for raising
vj*l-V sunken wrecks, which has just
•J[X*ij'D' en invented by Felix Gailiard, a
Frenchman of Bordeaux, is beginning to
attract considerable attention in the
marine world as well as among wreckers
and divers.
The device is so very simple and at the
same time constructed upon principles
which have so long been thoroughly
" familiar to every schoolboy that the only
wonder is why it was not applied long
■ ago.
From his experience as a practical
diver, Mona. GaiUard early in bis career
knew and appreciated the numerous
difficulties encountered in raisine wrecks!
by the slow and laborious method of sink- j
ing caissons, binding them io the liul! '
and slow.y raising it to the surface where !
' the water* could be pumped out of the hull :
• and the work of repair done.
Often, when thisdillicuU task was nearly
completed and the wreck was almost at
t!ie surface, a slight leak in one of the j
cai-sons would allow the hull to sink back j
to tne bottom aim the work would have to j
be done all over again.
'. ' At such times Gailiard wished most de- ;
voutlv that some other means of wreck- j
raisine could be devised, but as no one !
appeared to be able to produce the much- :
. -Jonged-ior invention he set about devising
«;ie liimseif.
V As a hoy he had been familiar with the ,
¥ . i] le by which when an inverted cuu,/
r ed beneath the surface of the water
.'■ the air pressure within the vessel keeps it :
: dry and prevents the water from filling it.
Tins was the first idea of the French in- ■
ventor, and it is the fundamental princi- ;
pie pf the perfected Gaiilard systWß of
wrrcr-raising.
Simple as is the method as applied by
the inventor, it took long months to make
the theory practicable. Both time and
. money were required, ar.d while he had
almost too much of the former, there was
a lamentable scarcity of funds until a
. number of financially solid wrecking
. companies became interested in the mat
ter and furnished Gailiard with the ntces
. sary capital with which to carry on his
work.
The result of this work is simply a nuru
bit of waterproof bags made in the shape
ol huge cylinders or pipes, long tubes!
which connect these bags with a powerful !
air pump and some stout pieces of canvas j
. and chains.
That is the entire invention, complete !
and ready lor service, yet it represents |
long hours of thought as well as days and ■
weess of work which were necessary be- \
hire the persistent inventor could, go to
, . tnose who had furnished him the money ;
with which to carry on the work and say
with- certainty: "I have completed and
perfected my plans and machine for rais
ing wrecks."
The air pumps used in this wrecking ua
t.'iine are much more powerful than the.
ordinary kind, and are carried in the stern !
.of stanch ocean-going tugs, capable o?
withstanding any kind of weather, and
which are iurnished with engines of the j
'. most powerful construction.
T.;e engines in the^e tugs are so ar- j
ranged that whenever it is desired they
can be connected with the air pumps and
used to force air through them, while the
tug remains stationary.
The air is lorced fir-t through draught- !
pipes into a huge bellows-like arrange
ment made of steel, wood, canvas and
leather, and re-enforced at every possible
• point with a double thickness of each ma- ;
tefial. It is circular in :o:m and held in I
position between two horizontal steel- i
plates which are connected by powerful
Bcrewa.
When the air is forced into the drum it
naturally expands and forces the two
•■teel plates, between wnich it is held,
.■ipart. After it has been completely filled
with air the huge screws which connect i
the rim 3of the plates are turned by the j
engines, and by screwing the two steel |
plates together a powerful pressure is
brought to Lear and tne air within the
drum is forced out through the pipes
which lead to the cylinder-like bag's and
the large main pipe which forces the j
water from the sunken hull. Automatic j
valves prevent the air being forced back !
through the pump.
When a wreck is to be raised by this !
method, the car^o, if there is any, is first
removed and a tug supplied with air
pumps, bags and the rest of the equip- !
ment is sent to the place where the ship i
went down and anchored a little to one
"HIS HOUSE-OWNER LAUGHS AT ELECTRIC LIGHT COMPANIES.
side, so as not to be directly over the spot
wnere the bull lies.
On the tup is carried a complete diver's
outfit, and when the boat comes to an
" ttior the diver is bent down to the bottom
to make the preliminary arrangements for
• raiding; the wreck.
When the disaster has been occasioned
by a collision or by striking a submerged
reef and He ship has siid back into deep
water, there are holes in the hull to be re
• paired belore anything can be done to
>*ard bringing the craft to the surface.
It is hero that the large pieces of canvas
which are a portion of the outfit *re in
dispensable. With them the diver patches
'.. as tightly as possible the holes in thehu:l.
and at tne same timeopensall the hatches
: of the sunken ship and makes fast within
• the hull the lar^e main pipes which con
nect with ti e huge air drum on the tug.
That much being accomplished, the next
step toward the raising 19 to make fast to
the hull in the securest possible manner
the numerous cylindrical bags. Tneseare
! sent down to the diver, who, with chains,
binds them aiong the keel on either side.
' These bags are connected Oy stout pipes
' with the air pump above, and when all aie
: made fast the powerful machinery of the
j tug connecting with the pump is set in
j motion.
As the bags gradually nil with air unfier
: the influence of the powerful pressure
j from above, they exert a lifting power on
the null which is not to bo resisted.
Gradually the huge frame is completely
: turned over and eventually rests on the
bottom of she sea upside down, the air in
: the bags being of sufficient buoyancy to
i keep it in position.
Meantime, the»large main pipes which
! were first made fast inside the hull have
: not been idle, and as the lowerful and
; steady current of air is forced through
! them into the hull, the water is gradually
forced out. and lignt buoyant air takes the
place of tne heavier water.
As the air pressure increases the hull
: becomes ligh;er and r:aes toward the sur
face. Air being constantly iorced into the
; hull and the bags strapped along the Keel,
J the pressure is maintained and the water
' kept out on exact.'y the same principle
that it is kept from filling the inverted
cup held under water.
In addition to turning the hull upside
[do-vn be:ore it is emptied of water, the
bags ranged along the keel also serve the
purpose of keeping the craft in the proper
position while k is being raised through
the water.
Strange as it may appear, the proper
position for the craft during the process is
keel up. Were this position not main
tained the ship would naturally right her
self and again fill and sink, thus undoing
all the work of the wreckers.
Once the ship is at the surface it is a I
comparatively easy matter to maintain i
ihe air pressure wnile the hull is towed to i
; the nearest drydock.
As long as the air pressure is maintained
within the hull the ship cannot sink, and
once in ttie dryiiock it is easy to ri^ht her
; and place her in a position to make the
! necessary repairs.
By tbe use of the Gailiard system, as it
j is called, of wreck-raising almost all the
; disadvantage* under which wreckers have
\ heretofore labored are obv.at^il. All of
| the hard and laborious work is done by
| the air bags and the air within the hull.
; There are no ponderous cranes or derricks
1 to be moved about, and the very simplicity
I of the whole arrangement is what recom
\ mends it most forcibly to wreckers and
I uivers.
Spiders ir\ the /Xir.
In a communication to Knowleige on
j "Spiders," Rev. Samuel Barber discusses
at some length the phenom-non of the
flo:ation line and its metlud of attach
! ment, which is the foundation of t c
j spider's web. Is it not evident, a*ks the
reverend gentleman, that air — and prob-
I ably at a high temperature — must be in
closed within the meshes of the substance
forming the line when it passes from the
SDinnerots into the atmosphere? T.'.e
creature with this substance lifts it into
the air. It has been usual to explain tt.e
ascent by the kite principle, namely, the
mechanical lorce of the contiguous atmos- |
phere, but air movements, especially on a
small ?caie. are so capr.cious an i uncon
trollable that without a directive force the
phenomena seem quite inexplicable.
In sui>i>ort of this th ory of a direct pro
pelling force, Mr. Barber gives some of
his own observation*. Writing one day
with two slieeis of quarto b fora him he
saw a spider on the paper, and in
order to test iis t>ower of pacing through
the air he held one of the sheets of paper
about a foot from that oa which the crea
ture was run .imp. It ascended to the
ed c ar.d vanished, but in a moment it
landed upon the other sheet through mid
air, in a horizontal direction, and picked
up the thread a^ it advanced. In this case
there was no air movement to facilitate,
nor any time to throw a line upward,
which, indeed, would not have solved the
difficult}'. On another occasion, at a din
ner party in Kent, four canules were
lighted oa the table, when a thread was
seen to be strung from the tip of one of
the lighted candies and attached to an
other about a yard off, and all the four
lichts were connected in this way, and
that by a web drawn quite tight.
The only explanation which Mr. Barber
can suggest for this remarkable occurrence
is that the spinner was suspended at firm
by a vertical line from above, ana thus
swayed itself to and fro. from tip to tip of
the candles. It was certain the spider
could not have ascended from the table,
and it was equally certain that aerial flota
tion of the line from a fixed point was im
possible, as it involved floating in four op
posite directions. The rapidity with nhich
the initial movements in forming a web
are made cannot be reconciled with any
theory of a simple atmospheric convec
tion and propulsion appears the only ex
planation. — New York Mail and Express.
• — ♦ • ■
The palace of the King of Slam is in
closed in high white walls which are a
mile in circumference. Within them are
contained temp ea, public offices, seraglios,
stables for the sacred elephant, accommo
dation for 1000 troops, cavalry, artillery,
war elephants, an arsenal and a theater.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 14, 1807.
CYLINDRICAL AIR CAISSONS CAPSIZING THE WRECK.
JUST PUT A WINDMILL ON YOUR HOUSETOP
Jhen you Gar\ Harness Old Boreas to Electra, Brilliantly Illumi
nate your Home ar\d Laugh ir\ your SleeVe at
Electric Light Companies
?!|?SL HE first successful attempt to put to
k'l^ practical use an electric plant run
jlls by a windmill has ju*t been accom
plished by J. J. Feely, a well-known law
yer of Walpole, Mass., wi'.h a penchant
for mechanics.
With wind as the fundamental factor,
this lawyer-mecbanic-:nventor operate* a
private light plan t, forces water all over
his estate, operates farm machinery, cuts
wood, turns iathes and fills storage bat
teries tor use in horseless carriages.
It was no easy task which Mr. Feely set
himself out to accomplish when he under
took to develop this "windmill electric
plant" for his own use on his ample
private estate.
From an electrician's point of view the
greate-t obstacle, and one which it was
claimed could not be overcome, was tho
vanaoility of the wind and the consequent
erratic fluctuations of the electric pres
sures which rendered their utilization im
possible by subjecting the ordinary
mechanical connections to excessive and
fatal strains.
Early in bis experiments, Mr. Feelv
found that one of the first problems to be
solved was to determine accurately the
wind velocities and efficiencies during the
various months of the year.
This was determined by the use of an
anemometer made especially for that
particular purpose and very similar to
ttiose in use by the United States \Wather
Bureau, with the exception that whil* the
Government instruments record the mile
rate of wind the one made for Mr. Fee.y
recorded tho wind at each fiftieth of a
mile.
After some months of hard thinking,
and harder work, the machinery with all
its improvements was finally set in place,
and wnen a 1 connections were made Mr.
Feely anxiously awaited the first trial,
which thould demonstrate the failure or
success of his pains and labor.
The windmill proper is the ordinary
wind, common in all out-of-town and
(ountry places where there is no pubjic
water supply. The frame, or supports,
extend fi:ty feet above the second story of
the stables, as shown in tne plclure.
At the top of this frame are the wheel
and fan, which are operated by the wind.
As the wheel revolver under the influence
of the slightest breeze it operates a series
of cogwheels which work upon a long
vertical -haft running from the head of
the machine to the basement or cellar of
the stable, where it communicates with a
second shaft leading directly to the dynamo
of the plant.
From this dynamo lead two sets of wires.
One set carry the current to the various
parts of the estate, where it is utilized or
power purposes and for lighting, while
the other set of wires receive the surplus
current and store it in storage batteries,
for use when the fickle wind is not suffi
ciently strong to give power enough to
supply the necessary voltage.
Wnen there is a high wind there is
naturally a much stronger current than is
necessary, and in order that it may not
be wasted or play havoc with the lights
the surplus energy is led into these
storage batteries and there kept until
ne< <le !.
A feature of this dynamo is that the
same one wbic i g 'iieraie* the current
wiien there is a breeze aiso acts as a motor
•luring a cam and can be use! with the
energy always on hand in the storage
batteries. This double service by a dy
namo has never before been accomplished.
In the comparatively light breeze wh.ch
wai b owing when the first trial was
made the wheel of the windmill began to
slowly revolve, then faster and faster it
went until it looked iike one solid piece of
circular wood spuming about in the air.
A number of electric lights had been put
up in the stab c as a test, and when these
were turned on after the windmill had
been workin ' some time they showed a
brilliant, steady light, the equal of that
supplied by any electric-ligtu company in
the country.
The experiment was a success, and a
combination of windmill and motor had
been found at such a comparatively slight
cost that the matter of expense was hardly
worth consi lering.
Once the practicability of the machinery
was assured Mr. Feely lost no time in
putting electric lights throughout his
house and stub es and about his private
grounds an<i utilizing the new agency for
various honsehoid and farm purposes.
The wiiole Becret of the success of his
work is in the dynamo, which in a num
ber of ways is different from the usual
electric dynamo. In an ordinary dynamo
the voltage depends upon the speed with
whirh its ariuaiure is driven, ami it was
found that owinn to the various speeds at
which the windmill was driven an ordi
nary dynamo would be entirely useless
for such purposes as Air. Feely intended;
hence it was necessary to construct the
special one.
In devising such a dynamo three things
were essential. It must be self-regulatine,
free from nil mechanical contrivances,
and above all it must be efficient.
The seli-regulating part of the requi
sites was accomplished by a peculiar and
somewhat complicated arrangement of its
integral parts and not by any mechanical
addition. It required no little thought
and many trials to eventually accomplish
this end, but it was final y done and,
moreover, it was done without add ng to
or taking anything Irom ihe machine.
When the dynamo was tried it was
found to work perfectly. By keeping the
voltage constant it was found that sub
stantially all the power of the windmill,
however erratic, could be utilized by
simply increas.ng the current in propor
tion to the increase of the speed of the
windmill.
During his experiments in ascertaining
the varying changes la the velocity of the
wind Mr. Feely found that there 13 not as
great a difference as <s generally supposed
between winter and summer wind?.
During the midsummer months he
found that the wind averaged eight miles
an hour, while during the winter months
the average was about nine miles an hour.
One of the most important features of
this new contrivance is what is called a
speed equalizer of special construction by
rrhicb. the surplus energy generated by
nigh winds is mechanically stored ami de
livered to the batteries in a comparatively
uniform manner.
As it is neceasary that a dynamo must
attain a sufficent velocity to give an
electro-motive force sufficient to overcome
the back electro-motive force of tae bat
tery it was therefore necessary to devise
some means of preventing the current
from the storage battery passing back to
the dynamo when not needed.
This was accomplished by a devic?
which, when the electro-motive force oi
the dynamo rose to a given point, would
connect with the circuit, thereby sending
it into the storage battery and again open
ing the circuit, when, owing to decreasing
speed of the dynamo, the electro-motive
force falls below that of the storage bat
tery.
In every way this windmill electric
plant has proved itself a success even
under the most varying conditions. The
lights in the house, stable and those scat
tered about in different parts of the es
tate burn as steadily as any electric lights,
maintaining an unvarying uniformity, no
matter whether there is a gale blowing or
a dead calm.
The entire plant is as nearly self-acting
as it is possible to make machinery, abso
lutely no attention being necessary except
once in two weeks, when it is cleaned and
oiled.
The first cost is practically all the ex
pense, and following this example tbe
time is not far distant when private elec
tr.c light plants operated by wind will be
the property of every owner of a country
estate when a iartze number of lights are
desirable.
Wherv the Tide Is LoW.
Some time ateve when the tide is low
1 shall slip my mooring and sail away
With do response to the frier.dly hail
Of kindred craft in the busy bay.
In the silent hush of the twilight pale,
When the night stoops down to embrace the
day,
And the voices call In the waters' flow —
Some time at eve when the tide is low
I shall slip my mooring and .-ail away.
Through purple shadows that darkly trail
O'er the ebbiug tide of the Unknown Sea,
I shall fare me away with a dip of sail
And a ripple of waters to tell the tale
Of a lonely voyager, sailing away
To Mystic Isles, where at anchor lay
The craft of those who have sailed before
O'er tne Unknown Sea to the Unseen Snore.
A few who have watched me sail away
Will miss my craft from the busy bay;
Some friendly barks that were anchored
near-
Some loving souls that my heart held dear
In silent sorrow will drop a tear.
But I shall have peacefully furled my sail
In moorings sheltered from storm or gale,
And greeted the friends who have sailed
before
O'er the Unknown Sea to the Unseen Shore.
Lizzie Clark Hakdy, in Midlana Monthly.
The smalle-t sized scissors have blades
a little less than one inch in length; the
largest hand shears exceed two feet.
THE JAPANESE LUNCHEON FAD
Latest Unique Function of Society — No
Masculine Quests Wanted — Brilliant
Effects by Dainty Dames
eNEW fad has seized on society. It
-.liLLy is a Japanese luncheon. Not an
■I^'Lj invitation affair at which the er
ra.ic pictures on the time-honored bamboo
and silk paper fans are reiigiou-lv fol
lowed and t c ladies sit around on chairs
and chat of the latest scandal, but a bona
tide Jap lunch where meals fit to =et before
the Empress of Japan are served and the
ladies appear in genuine suso-moyos im
ported for the occasion from the realm of
the Mikado. '1 '{'.i ".' ..;■
Thesf odd luncheons have in some mys
terious way, and for no apparent reason,
sprung into popularity with the younuer
set of the Four Hundred, out unlike many
of the recent popular fada they are actu
ally interesting.
In arranging for one of these entertain
ments the opportunity offered for pictur
esque effect is utilized by the hostess to
the utmost, many striking decorations be
ing used.
The rooms are made to represent as
nearly as possible a typical Japanese inte
rior. The angular and formal Western
furniture is hidden behind tall screens
reac ing from the floor almost to the ceil
ing, and these, with the ex rcise of a little
skill and tact in arrangement, can be made
to resemble thegayly pictured sliding walls
of a Japanese room.
Silk paper umbrellas are opened and
hune about the ceiling, very effectually
concealing ail traces of the calciminer's
handiwork and such incongruous features
as the elaborate nanging chandelier and
electric lights.
Bamboo hangings are arranged before
the doors and are placed over all the win
dows, while about the floors are scattered
0 iental rugs, worked in designs which
could not possibly be evolved from any
but a true and patriotic Japanese mind.
To make the luncheon a success the
most minute details are followed, even to
the extent of removing all chairs and
seats, their places being taken by tiny
stools and an abundance of soft, downy
cushions upon which the ladies find ac
coramoJatione in true Japanese style,
sitting a la Turk or reclining in a com
fortable but decidedly negligee fashion.
It ia perhaps needless to say right here
that the masculine element of society is
as strictly barred from participation in
these unique luncheons as from the harem
of a good Mohammedan, hence the absolute
freedom which the fair imitators of the
women of the island kingdom enjoy.
Tho curio shops are thoroughly ran
sacked for odds and ends of Japanese art,
and if no other purpose is accomplished
by the fad it has at least the <ff >ct of dis-
Beminatlng among the ladies of the swll
set a more thorout;h and exact knowledge
of Japanese methods, manners and cus
toms than they ever knew before.
Tables, as understood by the more push
ing and practical American mind, are as
strictly tabooed as are chairs. The pictur
esque substitutes, which are dainty little
lacquered stands about ten inches high,
are lully as convenient for the uses in
tended, and. somehow, a dainty meal of
urrknown foreign delicacies, with all sorts
of peculiar but not unpleasant flavors,
served from these tiny stand?, tastes much
better than if placed before one on a prac
tical, coldly dignified mahogany.
One of the most delightful and pictur
esque eff c's at those luncheons is ob
tained by tho varied colors and costumes
worn by the ladies.
For the information of those who
lack training in the mysteries of the
language of the M.kado's subjects it may
De said thai the suso-moyo, in which all
the ladies appear, means dinner dress, or,
as it is literally translated, auso-edge,
moyo-pat'ern.
The suso moyo is a long dross of silk
crepe, reaching from the neck to the feet
and trailing at the back.
Around the waist is worn the obi or
satin sash, which is one of the moat im
portant portions of the feminine raiment.
It is wound several times around the body
and in a Japanese lady's costume it takes
the place — pardon the word — of the corset
of her Western sister. It is tied at the
SOCIETY GIRLS INDULGING IN THEIR NEWEST ARTISTIC FAD.
back with a huge daring bow, while that
portion which is displayed in front is
elaborately embroidered in gold and sil
ver tracery and colored silks. It tak>-s
the average society- young woman some
time to master the intricate manner of
wearing the costume, but it is essential to
the success of t c Japan lunch.
The trailing etige of the suao-moyo is
also gay with ingrain patterns and gold
and silver tracery, which heips to give the
garment its name, moyo, meaning, as we
have said, pattern or tracery.
About the neck of the properly dressed
lady is worn the han-yeri, or collar. It is
a very elaborate affair of silk or satin,
heavy with embroidery and delicate pat
terns worked in many colors or gold and
| silver, as the tnste of the wearer may
elect or her rank in life warrant.
Over all is worn the ha-o-ri or coat with
! large flowing sleeve*, which is as much
the pride of a Japanese lady as is the bon
net to a Fifth-avenue dame of colonial de
scent. For matrons the only permissible
color of the ha-o-ri is sedate black, but
unmarriea ladies take delight in arraying
themselves in three and four
or live ha-o-ns of different colors, and the
combination is always pleasing.
The ha-o-ri also serves the purpose of
showing the rank of tho wearer. On each
| shoulder aiul at a point directly between
1 in the back of the garment three circular
holes are cut out in the fabric, and upon a
background of different colored material
from that of the cloak the heraldic device
of the lady's family is worked in colored
I silks.
The most difficult part of the costume
for the American imitator to wear ai:d to
accustom herself to are the curious san
dals, which are nothing but thick felt
soles raised from contact with the floor by
small blocks of wood fastened to the lower
side, hut even this difficulty has in many
instances been overcome, and more than
one Fifth-avenue belle can, if the truth
were known, move about as gracefully
upon the little Jap sanuals ai she can in
the daintiest ball slippers.
Above all is the curious little round
gjiyly colored skull cap with a single
feather stuck in the very center for no ap
parent reason except to look ludicrous.
Not a single detail is omitted and the
transformation of the society woman into
a lady of the Mikado's realm la perfect.
■ Thus arrayed and lounging at ease about
the Japanese room, the ladies who are in
tent upon following the dictates of Dame
Fashion are prepared for what is the
crowning feature of the affair.
That is the luncheon. And such a
spread. Hui-nio-no is followed by yaki
zakana and o'sashimi, or if not a very ex
tensive Ui:ich by chawanmori and then
comes kuchitorl-mono, which being ren
dered into English means sweets, while
all throughout the meal o'cha or "the
very best tea" is served ad libitum.
The sui-mo-no is the soup, preferably of
I chicken and vegetables, chopped very fine
and served in dainty china bowls coloied
j in fanciful designs. The boiled fish or ni
zakana is not quite so popular as some of
the lighter dishes such as o'sas-h inn, which
is very delicate and palatabl?, but the dis
creet hostess does not, as a rule, tell her
friends that it is highly spiced and flavored
fish, cnt in very thin 6Lces, freed from all
; bone and served raw.
The only English equivalent for chawan
mori is patties, the dish itself being a
baked combination of eggs and the meat
of shellfish such as crabs or lobsters,
minced and served as a side dish.
For the more elaborate Japanese lunch
eons tha wise hostess secures the services
of a Japanese cook for the occasion, but
many a quiet luncn ot this kind is served
by ladies to a select few, where tne cook
ing is done by "my lady" herself, who
tates pride in serving the dishea in true
Japanese style.
Each guest has one of the tiny four
legged stands — more like a doil's table
ilian anything else — placeJ before her,
and on this the meal is served, tne lady
sitting on a mat or cushion, as the indi
vidual may fancy.
These Japaneso luncheons are decidedly
popular with society ladies who have
weaned of the monotony of afternoon
teas and matinee lunches. It is a novel
experience and a new sensation to step
from the hurly-burly of every-day met
ropolitan life into the quiet and freedom
of a Japanese reception-room, where for
mality is banished together with chairs
ax.d tables and picturesque simplicity
takes the place, for the time being, of the
everlasting and ever-varying diplomacy
of society.
TWo Wonderful Books.
The largest book in tne world is th«
iamoua Kath Daw of Burmah. It is pre-
served in a temple near Mandalay. It
consists of 729 parts, in the shi.pe o: white
marble plates. It Is written , in Pali, and
contains 275,250 stanzas, forfninß the re
ligions code ot tne Buddhists. Each plate
is protected by a temple of bricks. The
smallest book is a konversationslexicon
published in Berlin. It is less than half a
cnbic inch in bulk, although it contains
175,000 words. A microscope especially
prepared for the purpose is necessary to
enable a reader to. peruse this midget of a
book.
The human eye is from one to one and
three-eijzths inches wide, and, in a per
fectly proportioned face, the distance be
tween the eyes ia equal to the width of
one.
2728
AT
THE
THEATERS
It is almost impossible to take up a Sun
day newspaper or a popular magazine
without coming across articles with such
headlines es "Muscular Development of
Our Maidens," "Why the End of the Cen
tury Girl Is Better Formed Than Venus,"
or "How Our Youths Are Stronger Than
Hercules." The impression conveyed by
these articles is that the ancient Greeks
and Romans were not the only pebbles oil
the beach ; in fact, that they were smaller
and more insignificant than the pebbles
of to-day.
When one has got thoroughly imbued
with these ideas it is a terrible blow to
nineteenth century pride to see a play
like "Spartacus." Diortio! which is the
original of dear me, what scarecrows
those supers looked in toga?, and most of
tbe principals had the same iean and
hunery look about their limbs. Muscular
development, indeed. Louis James and
Guy Lindsley were the only men who
had any muscular development to admire.
As for Miss Alma Kruger, she is a very
beautiful young lady, but her angular
arms were never designed for classic
draperies. If the average every- day
Roman had not been a finer specimen of
humanity than the average every-day
super, togas would never have remained
in fashion a week in ancient Rome.
Somehow those supeis in "Spartacus"
worried me. Tney all seemed designed
by nature <o play the role of the lean
apothecary in "Romeo and Juliet"^ and
not one of them knew enough about act
ing to "bear a banner in a stern, impres
sive manner." The arena scene was made
more picturesque by the presence of young
lady super?, who looked pleasant in the
boxes. \Vhen the gladiators cried havoc
and let loose the dogs of war the young
ladies never moved a muscle. They saw
their fellow-Romans thrown in the sind
of the arena and the gladiators sweeping
all before them, but they smiled on bland
ly, just as if they were rosing to be photo-
graphed. The conduct of those maidens
was the touch of unreality which de
stroyed the illusion of an otherwise very
thrilling scene. It is, no doubt, an almost
superhuman task to make supers act, or
else more stage managers would see that
they did it; but wouid it be impossible to
Diake those girls give some siens of terror
and dismay?
"Spartacas" is a very fine vehicle for
Louis James to show bis mastery over the
toga style of acting. He looks a fine
figure of a man and declaims bis bom
bustle lines in a manly, heroic way. He
has shown his sincerity, too, by spending
a good deal of money in mounting tlie
drama picturesquely, but as far as gen
eral popularity la concerned it was money
thrown away. For thesake of seeing one
or two hero.c roles finely interpreted, fin
de siecle audiences will not flock to a p.'ay
like "Spartacus." Dr. Bird tried to ap
peal to a whole gamut of emotions— love
of liberty, patriotism, maternal, paternal
and fraternal cffec.ion, etc. —but there is
a hollow, artificial ring about most of bis
fine sentiments that does not deceive the
sophisticated playgoer of to-day. Two
decades ago the ; -end of tbe drama was
not toward realism, and thank Heaven
we do Dot all of us now belong to the
Ibsen, Hanptman, Maeterlinck, Pinero
cult, but their "cheap, tawdry, bilious
logic" (as Lyman B. Glover calls it) has
made us skeptical about guilelessly ac
cepting the highfalutin' notions that two
decades ago playgoers seem to have
thoueht very fine sentiments indeed.
When William Gillette sat down to
write "The Professor" he must have been
uncertain whether to produce a farce
comedy, a melodrama or a tender, roman
tic play, so he compromised by giving
them all in layer*, like a ham and veal
sandwich. Layer No. 1, where the pur
blind Professor proposes to every girl be
meets, is broad farce-comedy. Melodrama
makes its appearance in the second act
with tne entrance of the vi;lair» Brown,
one of those husky-voiced, unwashed,
out-and-out ruffians who steal infants of
tender years and bully and abuse ihcir
ill-gotten prey. If there had been any
doubt as to whether Brown hud escaped
from melodrama it would nave been set
at rest when the Professor felled him to
the earth with one blow— in the presence
of ladies the hero of melodrama always
rinds one blow sufficient to lay the villain
low. Tbe third layer of "The Professor"
lapses into tender sentiments, and before
parting with bis audience — just to snow
that there is no ill-feeling— Gillette gives
them a second slice of broa l farce-comedy,
i:i which the Professor is bombarded with
pseudo Jove-letters from a lot of mis
chievous boys and gir.s, and cries wildly,
1 Lemme go! 1 ' »nd bounds through a win
dow to escape, after wnicb, seeing that no
one is making the faintest effort to detain
him, he remains.
These little ups and downs in tbe style
of "Tlie Professor' 1 give the members of
the Alcazar Company plenty of opportuni
ties fjr showing their versatility. J. B.
Polk, as the hero, is a fine specimen of the
P'.-datzo-'ic walking encyclopedia of useless
knowledge, and as Daisy Brown, the child
of the woods, Miss Bertha Foitz is de
lightfully clever and lifelike. She looks
the mere slip of a girl that Daisy is sup
posed to be, and she acts bcr part with ail
tbe unconscious vim and abandon of a
f rant- hearted child-woman.
Seeing is believing, and a great many
people had to see "Chimmie Fadden" at
the Columbia 10 be convinced that Town
send's rambling, discursive sketches had
been welded into a coherent play. En
thusiasts who like to be in the swim con
sider it rank heresy to utter a word
against anything written in the jargon of
the Howery— the spot which seems rapidly
becoming tbe clearest to every American
heart. Tbe veriest twaddle written in tbe
Bowery jargon is hailed as inspired, and
the commonest type of Bowery coaracter
is gazed at (on tbe stage) with an admira
tion approaching to awe. For my part—
I loathe dialect stories, and only
read some of Townsend's sketches as peo
ple take tonics and constitutionals, be
cause they are supposed to be invicorat
ing—when I have to pronounce four or rive
words on every pai?e aloud to guess at tbe
meaning, as most people have to do in
dialect stories, I never can help deploring
The wicked waste of time taken by the au
thor to write tbe dialect only to give hie
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 14, 1897.
readers "double doublo toil and trouble"
in trying to decipher it.
The succes of the "Chimraie Fadden"
sket iies really lay in the fact that beneath
the Bowery jurgon and the author's
ram-jlinu style he had made carefully
studied types of toiifjh character. Town
send was fortunate in finding a clever
collaborator to assist in sorting his char
acters and applying them to stage pur
poses, and tre result of their joint labors
is a play wb'cb bristles with interesting
types and quaint language, (bough i(s
great fascination lies in the fact that tbe
Bowery is written ail over it.
If t:.e present passion for Bowery lit
erature and Bowery songs continues it
may come to pass that two thousand
years hence, when intelligent Japanese
tourists fly over to visit the silent ruins of
New York, the students of dead languages
will say to their guides: "Don't show us
the vulgar ruins of Wall street, of Fifth
avenue; there is no literature connected
with them. We want to muse by moon
light in tbe classic Bowery."
Marie Evilyk.
BaldWirv Theater.
Louis James will produce for the first
time in San Francisco to-morrow night
his new comedy, "My Lord and Some
Ladies," an adaptation from one of
Scribe's most famous successes, which has
Deen r. modeled to s-uit James. Tbe hero
of the play is Lard Bolingnroke, the im
pecunious Tory politician, who so bitter
ly opposed the policy when by the Whigs
strove to humble Louis XIV of France
during the reign of Queen Anne of Eng
land.
Tlie Queen's favorite was the Duchess of
Maryborough, whoso husband was routing
Louis' forces in the Low Countries. For
personal motives ihe Duchess wished the
war to be continued. Bohngbroke wasfor
stopping the drain on the treasury caused
by Maryborough's victories. The play
deals with tne struggle of the Duchess
and Bolingbroke for supremacy.
The repenoire for tde weplc is as fol
lows: Monday, Tuesday and Friday even
ings and Saturday matinee, "My Lord
and Some Ladies"; Wednesday and Sun
day, "Othello"; Thursday, "Hamlet."
James A. Herne, in his own comedy
dram:), "Shore Acres," is announced as
the attraction at tne Baldwin Theater on
Monday evenine. the 22 I inst.
Columbia Jheater.
"Chimmie Fa.iden," which has enter
tained thpater-jroers during the past week,
will be seen for cne week longer, after
which it will make a brief tour of the
California cities and then return to the
East. Hopper, at the conclusion of his
California tour, will return to New York
again before the season closes.
Fannie Rice will be seen at tbe Colum
bia Theater after "Chimmie Fadden."
The company supporting her th:s season
includes Alice Gnillard, Kate Michelena,
Beckie Haight, George Broderick, Charles
H. Drew. Francis Gaillard, John Conley,
J. S. Terry, Ralph Bickneil, Jobn Kir
komp, Johnson Haige, John Strong and
Frank E. Morse. D::ring Miss Rice's en
ga ement here she will produce "A Flower
Girl of Paris" and "At the French Ball."
Galiforr\ia Theater.
"Our Little Cinderella" Company will
open a week's engagement at the Califor
nia Theater to-morrow n'gbt. A good
many spectacular effects are promised,
and efforts have been made to obtain the
cleverest children procurable for the vari
ous roles. Cinderella will be taken care
of by little Rosina d'Ennery, who is to
make her professional debut with this
company. Thr princ* will be played by
little Alice Condon, who is well known in
this City. Daisy Grogan will be the fairy
queen, and other children in the cast are:
Daisy Sawyer, Flossy Sawyer, May Law
rence, Nellie Sawyer. Nina Cook, Jiminv
Horn, Gustave Levick and Gus Tait.
The Zanfrettas will Derforni aa aerial
act.
Alcazar jKcater.
"A Scrap oi Paper" by Palcrrave and
Simpson will form this week's bill. It
; was one of the great successes of the Ken
j dais when they were managing St. James
Theater, London, in conjunction with
■ John Hare, and has ever since remained a
favorite wuh playgoer*.
Hugo Toland. who has been out of the
cast for a week on accent of sickness,
makes his reappearance as Pro-per Coura
m<>u!, the traveler and man of the world.
Beatrice' Lieb will be seen as Suzanne,
Mri. Kendal'a pan. May Buckley, who
l>as been very ill for two weeks, comes
bacK to play t c part of Mathilae. Fran
cis Powers, Gordon Foster. Mrs. F. If.
Bate?. Miss Beiiuour, Juliet Crosby and
Miss Tidball will all be in the cast.
Qrar\d Opzra-^ouss.
sensational melodrama, entitled "Out
in the Streets," will be produced to-mor
row night. It is by the author of "The
Orphans of New York," which was played
a few weeks ago at the Grand.
1 Out in the Streets" teems with deeds of
daring, most of which are accomplished
by Mortimer Snow as Harry Farlev. The
story will be made more forceful by re
markable mechanical effects, the most
til rillinpt of which will be rescue of a blind
child by young Farley, who rows with her
across a river on which burning oil is
floating. Among the people especially en
caged for this production are Nat M.
Wills who did the tramp specialty in
'The Prodigal Father," Cora Macey.
Arlme Wyatt, Rosamonde O'Connell and
Baby Lewis. Ttiere will be smeinz and
dancing specialties by Mr. Wills," Miss
Wyatt, Edward Heron and Lottie Wil
liams.
JiVoli Opera- House
Last night a special ecltion of the up
to-date extravaganza, "Aladdin, or the
Wonderful Lamp." was uiven. Ferris
Hartman, Annie Suits, J. J. Raffael, Josie
Intropidi, \V. 11. West, Elvia Crox Sea
brooke and Rhys Thomas all had new
specialties. One of the most taking inci
dents of the new production is a new ar
rangement of the divertissement "La
Danse dcs Fleurs Electriques." In this
beautiful display are over 500 miniature
lights.
The new production wil! be a special
bill, including Gilbert an l Sullivun's "Pa
tience, or Bip.itnorne's Bride," with Ferri-
Hartman as the esthe;ic poet, preceded
by Yon Suppe's melodious one-act oper
etta, "Lovely Galatea," founded upon the
mythological tale. In tnis will appear
Elvia t'roi Seabrooke, Brnicc Holmes,
Rhys Thomas and W. H. West.
The artists of the co-mpany are hard at
work preparing a special production of
Nicolai's famous comic opera, i lie "Merry
Wives of Windsor." Laura Millard will
reappear as Mrs. Ford.
At the OrpKeum.
The bill st the Orphrum will be changed
almost entirely this week. The principal
novelties will be the grand opera quartet,
composrd of Guille, Abramoff. Miss Julia
Cottfl, soprano, and M s« Don Uii'-ch,
KCV TO-BAr-AJtUSEMENTS. ■
THE THEOSOPHICAL
CRUSADE.
THE AMKUIC.VN iH .:f)SOPHIBTB,
Who have trav- lid around ilie wor a o 1 beuali of
the Thfosophlcal Moveini'Dt, which
was bog in America by
MADAME tt. P. BLAVATSKY,
— rnXTIKI'KD BY
WILLIAM Q. JUDGK,
Ana now nmi-r tn* lead>.-rsuip of 4
MRS. KAXHBKINE A. 1 1 < GLKY,
Having arrived In San i-'rancisco, Invite the public
t<> a m i-tins In
Odd Fellows' Hill, corner Market and
Seventh -tree s,
THIS EVENING AT 8 O'CLOCK,
When tin- cruaaiers will slveadare>-es on
Brotherhood, T.l.r.tion and Kindred
Thcosophlcal Topics.
The Tbeosaphical movement is unsectarian ii
character and co-op« rates with all who work for
the uplifting mi humanity.
The Members of the Party Are ;
MK.-. KATHEKi A. TINGLr, V, Lea ler of
the Theosopiical Movement throughout the
world.
K. T. HAIUiKuVK, Presldantof the Thposop.i-
cat Societies in America, Kurope an-1 Austr«ladn.
CLAUDK FALLS WRIGHT, President of the
N«w Yor> TbecsDphlcal society and Seen tary to
the late Madame BlavaUky and to William Q
Judse.
MRS. CLAUDK FALLS WRIGHT, Lecturer to
th« Eastern states In America.
H. I. PATTKH>ON, I're-Ident of the Brooklyn
Theoiophical Society. .
K. M. PI r.HCK, Representative of the School for
the Revival of the Lout Mysteries of Antiquity.
RKV. W. WILLIAM.-, of England.
MRS. BARCLAY G. CLEATHER Of London,
England. • ..-
MUSICAL SELECTIONS.
3P:Ei:E2-£3.
The members of the crusade wish It to be dis-
tlnc.ly understood that they have no conneciiou
with that organization or which Colone O cott i*
pre.identanU to which Mrs .annießesant beionss.
The h'-adquarters of the Sun 1-ra. .Cisco Theo-
sophlcal to ie y are at room 30. 8.9 Market si
■■_•'! be lie meetings are held in the Academy of
Sciences Ha.l. Sltf Mork^t s  on every tfunday
and Tuesday evenings at 8 o'clock.
contralto, in selections from "Rieoletto,
"I Lombardi," etc., and the comedietta,
"A French Marriage." Emily Lytton, for
merly Mrs. J. K. Emmet, and Edmond
Hayes, a leading man well known in the
City, will appear in the farce.
The Finneys, wonderful swimmers, will
J indulge in naiatoria! feats in a large glass
tank; the Pantzer trio, twisters, turners
and benders, will make their tirs: appear
! ance in the City, nnd the Rentos, aerial
| ists, will show new kinds of tr:u>eze tricks.
i John and Bertha Gieason, Ward and
j Curran and Ara, Z'lra and Vora will re-
I main on the programme.
y\t the Chutes.
The Chutes are now running regularly
every afternoon and evening. This after
noon and evening James J. Corbett will
spar a number of rounds with John Me-
Vey on the new disj stage at the foot of the
lake. Erail Markeberg wiil make a bal
loon ascension in the afternoon, and the
Japanese acrobats, Ordwav. tfc« trick
-cycii>t. and a wire-walker will give ex
hibitions.
jYlodjzska 111.
News comes from Los Angeles that ii
consequence of Modje-ka's sudden illness
there was no performance on Wednesday
night, and the great actress' condition has
since been such as to make tne abandon
ment of the tour an absolute necessity.
It was intended to end the tour in Oak
land on Thursday, Friday and Saturday,
and the advance bookings were very lieavy.
Yesterday, however, all the money was re
fuudea, as there is no hope of Modjeska
JYlonster Benefit.
Arrangements are beinz completed for
a monster benefit in aid of the Actors'
Fund of America, to take place at the
Baldwin Theater on some afternoon in
the week of February 22. The manage
ment of the affair has secured James A.
Herne, who comes here with "Shore
Acres," Fanny Rice, the Tivoli company
and some of the best acts from the
Orpneum.
Jrebzlli's Last Goncert.
A fine programme has been arranged
for the Trebelli concert at the Ca.ifornia
Ttaeater tins evening. It is given in detail
in ffiiother co umn.
NEW TOD \T — A HtISEMEJTTi.
FAREWELL TO-NIGHT
LAST OUAND CONCERT.
TH* <;K r. \ IKS I" S XGKKOfTHK Afl"!
TREBELLI!
Assisted u>- Woii-Kiiowii talent. Complete
Change of Prosrrnnime. At th*
CALIFORNIA THEATER.
BOX OFFICE QPKV FROM U A. M.
THE JIAGXIH. &ST PK 'GRAMME.
1. Violoncel.o Solo. "Taraotelle" Lindner
ilerr Ariiiur Weiss.
2. Ar a from "Rlgoietto." "Caro Some" Verdi
Mile. Trebelli.
3. Evocation of the .Nuns, from "Robert le
I»iabl«" Meyerbeer
Mods. i,. Crepanx.
4. Swedish I'o.'ska Song Danstrom
.Mile. Trebelli.
5. Violoncello Solo, 2d Nocturne Chopin
Herr Arlha Weiss.
6. Air de l'lnfaute, from "Le Cld," "Alleluia"
Mas enet
(Toe "Alleluia" is song. by the Intan.eof
Spain when distributing aims to in- poor
on leaving the Cathedral on Easter
morning.)
Mile. Trebelli.
7. Madrigal Victor Harris
- ' - Mons. L. < repaux.
8. Polaccafrom "Mlgnon" Ambrose Thomas
Mile. Tre.vlli
9. Vio oncello Solo, Uavotie in D Popper
- i err Arthur Weiss.
10. Melodle, "Nous Voua Verrons''
-•-•• Charles L. Hess
■tons. 1- Cr*paux.
11. Chanson from "la Keine'lopaze," "Petite
Abellle " ;;•,:•-• -L--- Victor Masse
. Mile. Trebelli.
■ I A A A II i LBbt r r «°"nanceH To-
tkL.hl\£.lkK ? ay ?• - hnrt " 8 of G|N
fHaWflfcinil i lct.e's c-muuy "I he
: ; ' ."rofessor."
MONDAY.. FEBRUARY 16
THE SUCCESS OP TWO CONTINENTS.
t- ardou's Famous Comedy,
H SCRAP OF PAPER."
SUMPTUOUSLY MOUNTED.
• . V EVERYTHING NEW.
HUGO TOLAND, J. B. POLK
And the Entire Company.
Prices- 1 5c. 25c. 35c and s 'Jo.
Phone for seats— BlacK 991.
THE CHUTES.
THIS AFTERNOON AND EVENING
JAMES J. CORBETT
Will Spar With JOHN McVEY
or Philadelphia.
f BALLOON ASCENSION!
A 'it P. M. SHARP.
BKISENO, Wire Walker- JOHN-
SON AND LUNDIN. World-
re .owned Athletes, and a Host
of Attractions.
ANIMATOSCOPE EVERY NIGHT.
No Extra Charge.
■ ADMISSION 10c CHILDREN 5 C
NEW^COjD^A^Y— AMUSEMENTS.
ißar"_Zr^.' § B^k » RArJCISCO. CAL.. estab. 1857".
-GIUSTAN/ v WALTER. Director General.
N EWYOfiK OFFICE. Rsvillon Building. 13-15 West 28th St
. ' u'irarrell St., bet. Stotkiou and Powell.
SAN FRANCISCO'S GREAT MUSIC HALL.
T^Tools. Commenoins IVCoriciav. E*oTc3.. is
— ear- .a. ktsxt compakty: 4n —
14 NEW MASNHTS--141 °*% v"S s taV?^ t A ot^
m *£&®?« prof. J- i^ii^riKrE; rsr
THE CHAMPIy.V ALL-BO J.VD aWIMMEK OF THE WoKLLi, assisted by
MISS MARIE FINNEY, the Heroine of London Bri>f
THE GREATEST TANK-SWIM >I INO PEKFOR M ANCE^IN mwn;;,,, - *
EDMOND HAYES, EMILY LYTTON AND WALTER HAYES,
_ In the One-act Comedietta. "A FRENCH MARRIAGE." »
THE DAIVT7PD TRIO.I carl, GERTRUDE, I the ~>u7Ty
Inc PAiM 1 ZrCK I Kl'J. I blanche. | demons.
*~~^ Alt A. z" BKA AND VOKA, I JOHN AND BERTHA OLE A SON ~"
PyramidUis and redypull-its. I
■xxr^.-my -A.3\TX> ounn akt-the comedy DUO.
TH¥^Y^HXJNOARIAN^O^UR^ORCHB£r^
A. L. CitlLl,^. Tenor. MISS JULIA V./ CTE, Prims r -ouna Soprano.
SIGN K ABKAMOKF. Basso. MIS- DORA BUSCH. Frim<t Donna Contralto,
In Selections fiom Grand Operas, Solos, Duels, Trios. Quartets and Semes from Operas.
• — — : ; ..
M.A.TT.NE3E3 TO-DAY (SXJ2STI3A.Tr), FEB. 14.
Parquet, anv seat. "Jar: Balconv. nm-.w. ]Oc: Children Oc ;iny nart.
BALDWIN THEATER, 0 ,1
THE EMINENT ACTOR, MR.
LOUIS JAMES
Under the Management of WAREXHALS and KEMPEK.
T %iSSS T i "SPARTACUS!"
INTDEZSIT WEEK!
Monday, Tuesday and Friday Nights and Saturday Matinee, the Brilliant Comedy,
"MY LORD AND SOME LADIES!"
(FIRST TIME IN SAN FRANCISCO).
Wednesday and Sunday Nights, 1 Thursday Night,
"OTHELLiO!' 1 I "KA.luir_jH3Tl "
Saturday Night (by Request) " JXJT_iIXJS O^9E3SA.R, ! f>
MONDAY, FEB. 22, ,j
JAMES A. HERN E
In His Original Creation of NATHANIEL BERRY
In the Successful Play of American Home Life,
SHORE ACRES!
SEATS READY THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 18
CALIFORNIA THEATER.
ALHAYMAS & CO. (Incorporated), .Proprietors.
TO-MORROW (MONDAY) EVENING - AIM EVENT!
OtTIR. LITTLE
CINDERELLA'
COMPANY.
A SUPERB PRODUCTION OP THE FAIRY PLAY, PRESENTED BY
4© — CHIT_iT3K,E2Sr 49 '
LITTLE RORINA D'ENNEKY. LITTLE FLOSSY SAWYER.
UTTLK DAISY (iROOAS. LITTLK NKLLIE SAWYER.
LITTLE SIVA COOK. LITTLE JIMMY HOKNK.
LITTLK AI ICE CORDON. LITTLE GUSTAVE LEVI K.
LITTLE JENNY SAWYER, "./:;; ;., LITTLE GUST.-, TE. And others.
NEW AND GORGEOUS SCENKRY. ELEGANT AND COSTLY COSTUMES.
CATCHY AND ORIGINAL MUSIC.
The Entire Production Interspersed 'With UP-TO-DATE SPECIALTIES.
. Prices 25c to 81. Ag»odre9»"T <l seat on th« lower flo>r for 50c.
COLUMBIA THEATER.
i'RIEDLANDKR. GOTTLOB <fc CO ......Lessees and Managers.
r A\ ppV ■ 111! i nt, 111
mlww hit in CH'API FS
W^^^^^WM^Ml^MlMvWl^^m\ Every Member of the Original Company.
VamßSa^MaJllMll^nS^Smilmi MSIWSMSSiMm And All the Faultless Stage bffects.
February 22. FANNIE RICE
TWI/^XOi^Q/^I^NJQ THIS AFTKKNOON AND TO-NIGHT.
lVlV^r\v/OvVJ O Last Performances of
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE A MILE A MINUTE!
WALTER 11OROSCO... Sole Lessee and Manager. With Its Speeding Engine.
Oommonoing.. ••: Monday, February 1 sttx
First Production on This Coast of the thrilling Comedy Drama
OUT IN THE STREETS r
By P. N. WOOD, Author of "ORPHANS OF NEW YORK," Etc.
I& A.NY NH3"W PEOPLE ! A.T_jT_i NEW SCENERY !
. Wonderful Mechanioal Effects !
. REFINED SPECIALTIES! SONGS AND DANCES ! STARTLING SITUATIONS I
EVENING PPICES-lOc. 25c n'sO -. MATINEE This Afternoon at 2.
COLUMBIA THEATER.
EXTRA
Next Thursday Afternoon, February 18,
at 3:31) Sharp,
SECOND SIMPBOXY COSOSRT.
55 MUSICIANS.
GUSTAV HINKICUS, « ondiutor.
MACMFICENT PROG !AMM J.
luc. tiding Beethoven's Second Symphony.
Boi-offlce now open. Kes?rved seats 50c and $1.
GOLDEN GATE HALL.
THE EVENT OF THE SEASON!
Unique Course of Five •
ORIENTAL ENT .: R ■ IN3IKNTS,
With Oriental Surroandinps. by tue KEY.
. HASKETI S»iIlU, 31.A..
Commenclnir Tuesday >«*'• tlm loin
in«t. ( hi BP. M.. wl.n ■
"THE PYKAMII) - BUI " RS' _
Under the auspices o* the Brotherhood of St.
Andre and in nld of St. Peter's, San lranclsca.
The Bishop cfCai'ornta will take the chair. _
Body cf hail ami front rows of balcony. BOc: back
rows o Dalconv. 25c. Box plan open on Tuesday
at Sherman, Clay & Co. 'a. >o extra charge for
booking.
SUTRO BATHS. m *
Open Daily From 7 A. i.to6 *•. M.
'• Swimmniff Season l»»7. .
Bathins. Includluß AUuiission-AduUs
• 25c, Children J«c. -
General Admission. XOc; Children, oc
I TiVOL! OPERA-HOUi£
! UKs.KRNKaTixK Krki'v> Proprietor & Manager
THE HOf~SHOW!
TO-2SJ XG-3SET
J6S- AT » _£» „
OUR UP-TO-DATE EXTKAVAOA>iVi
ALADDIN,
Or, THE -WOSDEKFUI. LAMP.
QRFAT CAST I
Correct Costumes — Appro .i late Acces-
sories soperp scenery. y: ,
Tha Latest Sensation.
"La Dan se ties Flwurs Eleotriquest"
JfOVKI. ALTIE^.
THE SIX LITTLE TAILORS.
1 or>u> " 25c 1 >"■
p^CINGI RACING! RACING!
CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB—
WINTER MEETING. 1896-97.
Beginning Monday, Feb. 8, to Feb. 'JO, Incluslva .
. OAKLAND. RACE TRACK.. 1
Kacing Monday. Tuesday. AVe»lno*il:iy, A
'a hursday, Friday and Saturday. ->^
Hani or shine.
FIVE OR MOKE RACES EACH DAY.
Races Start at 2:15 P. 31. Sharp — >
Ferry Boats I'ave t-an Francisco a,-. 12 Jt. aal
12:30, 1 .00, 1 :30, *i:'JO, 2:30 and 8 P. M.. connect-
ing witii trains stopping a: the euirance to track.
Buy your ferry tickets to Miell Mound.
Keturniui:— Train* leave the I iac< at 4 -.15 .13*
4:45 P. m. and immediately utter the las: race.
THOMAS li. WILLIAMS Jit, iTejiJeat
| R. B. MILKOY, Becreury. ..THE COMMERCIAL WORLD.
.l-MMAi-Y OF THE MAIiKKTS.
• ' silver steadier.
' Shipment of $603,833 to China.
Whea lower. Bar ey firmer.
Cats tending downward.
Kasiern Corn arriving heavily.
Hay and Feedstufls unchanged.
'Beans and Seeds very dul.
". I'o.aufs ■m i Onions about the same.
.- Butter mi i Cheese weak.
.Eggs declined a^ain.
Three oars Eastern Poultry expected.
Oranges dull but arm.
. Fresh supplies of Mexican Limes due.
]) led Fruits neglected uul nominal.
Hides and Wool unchaneed.
BANK CI.KAKINU3.
Jrx-al bank rlenHnirs lam week were $11,358 080
ff»lnstsU.2o2.«l3 -.or the same week last year.
The lo s 1h s year is not real, lor a collection day
last year swelled the total.
V TKKASURK 1 1 PM KXT.
he City of Peking took out n treasure list or
»063,8 9. consisting ot $361,134 in Mexican Dol
lars; $I^o3 in Cod Coin and tSX. 1,60 jin Silver
Bullion.'
Explanation.
The arrow flies with tr.ewind. The top figures
. »t station indicate maximum temperature for the
flays: those underneath it. if any, the amount of
rainfall, of melted snow in inches and huudredths.
curing the past twelve hours. Isobars, or solid
lines, connect po!n s of equal air pressure; iso
therms. or dotted lines, equal temperature. The
word "hieh" means high barometric pressure and
is usually accompanied by fair weather: "low"
refers to. low pressure, and is usually preceded
and accompanied by cloudy weather and rains.
"Lows" usually first appear on the Washington
. coast. When the pressure is high in th« interior
and low along the coast, and the isobars extend
north and south along th« coast, rain Is probable:
but. when the "low is inclosed with Isobars of
; marked curvature, rain south of Oregon is improb
able. With a "high" in :he vicinity of Idaho, and
■ the pressure falling to the California coast, warmer
weather may be expected in summer and colder
. weather in winter. The reverse oi these conditions
. will produce an>pposite result.
WEATHER BUREAU IJKPORT.
United States Department of Aoricxi.
'• (tube. Weather rkai-, ?a.v I'rancisco, Feb.
13, 1897, 6v. m. Weather conditions and general
forecasts:
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to date
as compared «I:h those of the same date last sea
son and rainfall urine the past 24 hours:
Kureka, this season 33.54. last season 24.73,
past 24 hours .-..'4; Red LluiT 18.70, last
J season 13.83 past 24 hours .00. San Francisco
io 93. last season 12.42, past 24 hours .17; Fres
-1.0 7.93, last season 4.09, pas'. 24 hours .02; Ban
Luis Obispo 15 03, last season 1?.25, past
24 hours trace: Los Angeles 11.33, last seaion
- 6.91, past 24 hours .00: San Diego 7.41, last sea
■ son 4.44, past 24 hours .00; Yuma 4.86, last sea
son .46. Us' 24 hours. oo.
bah Francisco data— Maximum temperature 52.
minimum 43, mean 48.
There has been very little change In the weather
conditions during the past 24 hours. Rainy
weather still continues iv Western Washington
. and Oregon, extending southward along the coa.t
to Cap- Mendocino. Light snow has fallen east
of the Cascades in Oregon. The sties are gener
al::.- clear in Southern California and Arizona and
* a moderate nor her is prevailing in that section.
-Occasional showers w.ll probably occur through
out California from San Francisco northward.
A maximum wind velocity of 3V miles per hour
from the east occurred at Fort Can by to-day.
The river at Sacramento stands at 23.6 feet, a
fall of 0.3 of a foot in the past 24 hours.
Forecast made at San Francisco for 30 hoars
ending at midnight, February 14, 1897.
Northern California— occasional showers In
northwest portion, fair in southeast portion Sun
day, iresh westerly winds
soruth^rn California— Fair Sunday, fresh to brisk
northwest win is.
Nevada— Fair, except occasional rain or enow in
extreme northwest portions Sunday.
■ Utah— Fair Sunday.
Arizona — i-alr Sunday.
San Francisco and v.clnlty — Cloudy and proba
bly occasional light [showers Sunday, fresh west
' erly winds.
W. H. Harmon, Local Forecast Official.
NEW TOi'.K MARKETS.
Financial.
NEW YORK, N. V.. Feb. 13. — Irregularity
was the chief feature characteristic of the stock
market at the opening to-day. At the Initial trad
ing speculation became rather active and prices
d. ciined sharply in a number of instances, busar
fell % 10 1103/ i, tobacco IVi to 68V4- and
leather preferred 1 14 to 65 y 2 . The coal and Iron
stocks were deprt-siiu, the unfortunate condition
of the trade and the serious break in the price of
s.eel rails having led to liquidations. Illinois
Steel broke 214 to 30, while oft' lots of Minnesota
Iron brought 47 against 50 for the last reported
sale. Tennessee Coal and Iron fell 2% to 2(ji/8 ' n
• sympathy.
The railway list was easy for a time on cable ad
-vices relative to the political disturbances in
Crete. Louisville and Nashville, Atchison and
Northern Pacific were all sold by foreign bouses.
The trunk lines and anthracites showed little of
* Interest. In the bituminous coalers. Hocking Val
■ 4 ley was pressed for sale and fell 2to 7. In the
issues Laclede (Jas preferred declined 3%
to 71 Vi and American Cable 2% to 87%. . f
I he t>«nk statement was not important and had
little if any influence, surplus reserve was re
duced $2,901,825: loans expanded 92,564.50J:
ca>h on tiaii'l iirrrr^a-ed $3,125,100, and deposits
decreased ■-. ;ii>-.700.
some of ihe smi/l bears took their profits in the
(.rangers. Hocking Valley, Jersey Central and
J ennensee Coal near the close, and this imparted a
somewhat steadier lone to speculation. Total
sales were 109,991 shares.
r£ OU ? % * x l??. weak: sales foot el up $864,000.
Cleveland Chicago an.i ct. Louis Col. Trust tours
Jmp^in ?£?'-* y aUey e<-«>eral sixes. 3; North
?n«™ *r !h lnlrd '',¥ i; "niaha and St. Louis first
?.St^ 5^ 1V * ! Oregon Navigation Conxoli
' coupoXmsf'U C ° m> " Veß< %> aDd Wesl bhore
. , J *i o.?X ernmeul bonds cou Pon fours of 1925 sold
Grata.
FLOUR— DuII and weak. Winter wheat low
grades, $2 80@3 30; fair to fancy, »3 50@4 60 do
patents. 94 it>(o.o; Minnesota dear fa toitV
Co straights, «4@4 45; do patents, kSiCXAi. 95'
-10w extras. *2 au@3 30; C.ty Mill,. «4«& do
patent* 95&5 2&: Rye m xture. $3@3 Uu' ,.
pernne, »'.@2 80; fine, 91 to@^ OS. ' v
Southern flour, dull: common to fair extra XH »n
@3 60: good to hoice do. 93 75«>4. " •»° ~«
Rye flour, quiet, steal at $2 6003.
COR>MKAi^-Steady. Yellow Western, 1 90
(§>'-'.
KYE— Dull, steady. Western, 39(ai10 car lot«
ani 3684@39c c 1. t. Buffalo.
KAKi.tY-Dull, steady: 27i/j(*27%c c. I. f
Buffalo.
wh EAT— Steady, f. o, b., 9'JSic; ungraded red
. ]<*S9l: .No. 1 Northern. 85% c '
Opium* tairly active and irregular, closing weak
aiS/3@u4c decline on • asier cable*: weale West
FINANCIAL.
k CHICAGO GRAIN, PROVISIONS
> AND NEW YORK STOCKS.
WHEELOCK & CO.,
4 LeldeedorCT St., Tel. Main 1054.
-_. .. ' VI HA I. OFFICE
ilarket ht.. Palace Hotel. Pur 1y &. Atkinson
Managers. Tel. Main 5144.
uptown pflice— Baldwin Hotel (adjoining Grill
Room). Tel. Main 1091.
PURDY. ATKINSON & CLAPP. Manager..
Orders instantly executed on latest market quo •
t-ii'r.i 0 Ke it r ?, ncelst National Bank, S. S.
and free liquidation. May, March and July, most :
■■>■ V«. No. 2 red. 8;%c: .-unrrh : 82% c: May.
W)J4c : June, 793 /4 c; July, 77" c; September,
• "Vsc. •
CUKR-DqII, firm; No. 2, 253/ 8 3 elevator: 29 %c
afloat: steamer mixed, 27i /2 c: '.• o. 3. 27c.
Options were uiiliom feaiureand closed dull and
unchanged. .May only traded la. February, 256 8 C; :
May, i!9V«<--; Jn'y. SOVic.
OATSs— spot, quiet, steady.
Options, dull, steady. Nominally unchanged.
February. 2iy c: May, 21S/,;; July, '-2c
Spot prices: No. 8, 223/.C: No. 2 white. 23c:
No. 2 Chicago, 22% c; So. .v '-'o%c: No. 3 white.
21% c: mixed Wei»*ern. 21@23e; white Slate and
Western, 22@3Uc.
Provision*.
LAKH— Quiet, firmer; Western ateatn. 94 01;
city, $3 60: -May. $4 15; refilled, dull: Continent
*4 2&; bouth American, $1 6.; compound, 4@
41/4 C
i-O I? K— Steady, quiet; new mass, f St»S 75.
BI'TIKK- frteaUy: moderate demand, West
ern .creamery, 15(521i/,e; do factcrv, 7§Uc,
Kigins, il'/ic; imitation creamery. ll@l6c.
UHBJEHK — Firm: moderate demand. Part
skims, 6@nVa«- % ; mil skims 3@3V»jc.
fcUUS— Firmer. Icehouse, CMC $2@3 30; West
ern fresh. 18c. limed, 13c.
TALLOW— Steudy, dull, at SVic; <oun:ry. 3Vs®
3V»c.
COTTONSEED OIL — S.ronß. fair demand;
crude. 20@20%c; yellow prime! ,23 %s-
KlCK— m.ny actlvp; firm: unchanged.
; MO1 ES Sleadjr: unchanged.
CUMKK-S.eiidy; s®lo point* down Febru
»rv, $9 lo ® 9 15: March. $9 OS: Mhy, «9 10; July.
?y los9 au: September, $9 ■-o@9 25: Oc:ober.
*9 «0; o Dl> "embtr, $9 25; s-ot itio dull, *ai> :
NO 7. vf^gC.
&UGAii— Firm; unchanged.
x;f j- *'rult and Produce.
APRICOTS-Bags. 9@llc.
ba 1 fMHhs- reeitxi, boxes 12%@15e; unpeeled,
bags 7©9 c. ■ w
1 XL NKS-Four sices, 4S/i@sa
itAlSIKb— Two crown L. If., 4%c; three
crowu, 6i /4 c: four crown, 60; u>adou layers, *1 30
©1 60: dusters, $1 40@l 85.
A MuMjs- soft lUielll 9@9»' 2 c: paper shell.
1 1 (a 1 _c.
A LX UTS— Standard, 7c; do soft shell, 9c.
MOPS— Moderately active; PaclricCoast. 3©l 3c.
WOOL— Firm; moderate demand. Domestic
fleece, 16@v!3c; pulled. 18@31c; Texas, 7@Uc
- Merchandise.
rißlßON— Moderately active. American, $11
@12 50.
COPPER-Easler. Lake. «H190@1193.
JLiAD-Quiet. Domestic. *3 22%©» 27%.
1 IN— Easier. Straits, 813 45(&13 50; i.iates,
moderate demand.
bPtLTtK-fcteady. Domestic. $4@4 05.
CHICAGO MAEKKTS.
CHICAGO, l£u, Feb. 13.-Wheat advanced in
price at and for a time after the opening this
morning, but before the expiration of the first
hours trading fell away a full cent from the out
side. The crowd was disposed t > buy wheat at the
opening on the prospect 1 1' European hostilities,
but upon reflecting that English markets dis
played no concern reversed proceedings and sold
out. St. Louis then started the talent by advanc
ing over two cents per bushel, for May prices here
rose about a half a cent, which disappeared wn.-n
St. Louis lost a portion of the advance. Receipts
at t iilumo were ililr. y-two cars.
The North v. est had 586 cars for two days.
Withdrawals from store amounted to 57,9 J0
bushels. Liverpool cables were unchanged at V4C
lower. Withdrawal -for the week were 104,000
busaels. Shipments from bo h coasts of this
country for the week amounted to 2,061,345
bushels. During the last hour the marke' grew
very weak, prices breaking %c from the previous
low point. Many stop loss orders came on the
market. Cou.inentul cables were lower. Expo t
clearances amounted to 352.000 mostly fnr two
days. May wheat opened from 755,% cto 75i/
advanced to 76y 8 i976i/ic, declined to (She, cos
ine at 73- ! 4 !a,7 %Ci l&' b *lS4c under Thursday.
Estimated receipt* for Monday, *6 cars. No. 2
red wheat ranged irom 82J»ic to b6VsC, closing at
about 82-'<4ttß *4c.
CORK— I'Le fluctuations in price and tone were
in response to the irregular vibrations of the wh»-at
tnarket. Receipts were fair at 437 can. and 139,
--9Uo bushels were withdrawn from store. Liver
pool cables were Vid higher. shipments of corn
irom both coasts w-re 4.169,000 bushels. May
corn opened at •3.'y»c, sold between 23s 4 c. 23S/ 8 c
and 23 l /ac, closing «i the latter V*© S -8 C lower an
yesterday. Estimated receipts tor Monday 86'J
oaTS— The trade in oats presented no note
worthy incident or feature For tone the action ot
wheat was the suide. Receipts were 408 cars, and
3240 bushels were tnken from store. May oats
closed i b c lower. Estimated receipts for ilonduy
615 cars.
FLAX — Was easy. Cash No. 1, 74c nominal;
Northwestern, 7flc; May, 75»/*@7bV4C; July,
"~ I,'i«-.1 ,'i«-. nominal; September, 79&7tM,4C. Kecelpts
wern 34 cars.
PROVISIONS— The Government, report on hops
km a bullish consideration in provisions, as was
also tbe light run 01 nogs at the yards, Iho mar
ket was lain v active an i prices averaged consid
erab y higher than on Thursday. May pork closed j
i-'Vi»c higher: May lard an 1 ribs 7 i;j@iOc higher. ',
Ii L"l 1 Was llrm. particular. for fancy
grades, and a good business was transacted.
Creameries — Kxtras. 20y 2 c; flrsw. 18(3>19e:
jseconds,l4gl6c; Imitations, lancy. 1.(«,14c. Dames |
— Extras. 17c: firsts. 14«16c: seconds. '9(o loc
Lacles— Extras, ll(£12c: Cuts. b'. a »yi, a c; pm-kiuj
Mock. tic; grease. 2y 2 @3c;Toil boner. lt(g)10i jc.
BOOS— Were in brisk demand and 1 lie feeling
continues firm. Prices unchanged. Fresh stock,
17c V dozen. ■
MONKY — 4Vi@s% on call and 6% on tlma
loans. Sew York exenauge was quoted at Cue
discount.
Closing Prices.
WHEAT— February, 7^V*c; May. 735i@73%c;
July, 69". 4 c.
CO — February, 21J,i@213 a c: May, 213,« a
23J&C: July. 24% c. /8
OATS— February. 14% c: May, 16y< 8 c; July, 17% I
@17s^c.
POKh-May. »7 80: July. $7 95.
UKD-M»y, *3 90: July. *3f7Va-
KLUS-liay, 94 02^; July, «4 10.
Livestock.
UNION STOCKYARDS, Ilu. Feb. 13.-One
of the most striking features of the cattle market
at the present timeistae extraordinary demani
for good feeding stock, which is soiling at rela
tively higher prices. Feeder* were making fair
profit on the cattle they are sending to market,
though they are only half fat, and they are en
couraged to buy more cattle, as feed is abundant
and cattle promise to continue In active demand.
Droves averaging from 1350 to 1650 pounds are
much sought after. Only a handful of cattle
were received to-day and the market was quiet.
Arrivals of ltf.ooo bogs to-day brought toe sup
ply of the entire ween up to 16*,7 50, against 16a,
--978 las: wee* and 129.234 for the corresponding
week a year ago. -Prices for ho^s at pre cnt are
higher than the relative prices of paric. lari and
ribs, but there It an active demand for green and
cured meat, and it this continues ho* values will
increase In strength. There was an active de
mand to-day and prices were 5c higher.
The week's- supply of sheep toots up 61.400
head, against Z>&. 4f07 last week and 64.906 a year
a<o. Tne few sheep receiver to-day were readily
disposed of at linn prices.
CAT ILK— Receipts. 800. Fancy beeves, $5 30
©5 40; choice 10 prime steers. f 4 90(n.5 25; good
to choice steers, S4 50@4 85: medium steers. 94 20
@4 45;. fair beef steers, $4 00<g,i 10; common beef
steers.B3 60@3 90: good 10 prime stockers and feed
ers, 5385&4 25: common to good stockersand feed
ers, $3 lb(g)3 tO: bulls, clioicti to extra, $3 50@3 70:
bulls, poor to chol<e. $2 40@3 4O: cows and heifers,
cnoicetu prime, 93dO<§i4 26; cows, fair to choice,
$2 65(53 60; cows, common to fair dinners, SI 85
@2<iO; calves, cood to fancy. 95 BU@B 30: calves,
common to good, $3 Ao@3 75; -Texas ted seers,
93 50@4 80: Texas cows and bulls, $2 lU@3 50;
milkers and springers, per head, f 25@50.
HUGS— Receipts, 19,000. Heavy packing and
shipping lots, $3 3003 SO: common to choice
mixed. $3 55&3 65; cnoice assorted, $3 46®
3 67: light, $3 40©3 67 V a ; pigs. 93 25@3 55.
«HKEP— Receipts. 15i>0. Inferior to choice,
«2 5U(a4 00; lambs, 93 60@5.
itecelpts at Omaha.
- FOUTII OMAHA. Nkbr.. Feb. 13.-HoOß—Re
ceipts, 3900. Market opened steady: closed 6c
biicber. Light and mixed, $3 30& a 42V*: heavy
£3 15413 30.
CATTLK— Receipts. 903. Market steady, active.
Steers 9S 50@4 25; cows, $1 50@j 6J; feeders.
9.-,@4 10.
bHEKP— Receipts, 1000. Market firm. Mut
tons, $3 95.3g9Q
Receipts at Kansas City.
KANSAS CITY. Mo. Feb 12— — Re
ceipts, 6500. Market strong. Light ant me
dium, S3 3003421,2; heavy, 53^5<ad4u: pies,
$3@3 20. : ..
--■ CATTLE — Receipts. 600. Market nominal;
mostly Texas. Native steers, . best, $3 30@4»0
--fair to good, 93 25@4 .16; cows and heifers, best,
$3 00@3 60; fair to goo 1, 92 Co@3 00; bulls 9U 40
<k3 *0; s:o kers and feeders, »3 4l'@4 25; Texas
an 1 Western, $2 75@3 95; calves, *.@l2. |
fc-HKi-P— Receipts. 4000. Market a' tlve, steady.
Lambs, $3 61% 4 25: mutton $ 3 zs(s3 76.
NEW VoKK STOCKS.
Bonds, JKxchang-p, Money and Railroad
Shares.
Money on call easy at lVi@2«:%: Prime mer
cantile paper, 3V. Sterling exchanKe firm, with
actual business in bangers' bills a: (4 83Vi@4 86
for 60 days and $4 86%@4 87 for demand. Posted
rates. 94 86VS>»4 h7 Va Commercial bins. Si 83©
4 841,4 Mi ver bullion on hand, 476.079 ounces:
deposited, none. Bar sliver, 64340. Mexican dol
lars. oo»Ata!>iygC. Government oonrls steads;
state bonds dun: railroad bonds weak, b'livora:
the board neglected.
CLOSING STOCKS.
Am Tei * Cable... 85' North American... 4%
Atch1a0n....... 14 Northern Pacific. 14
Preferred 22% Pr-ferred 36%
Adams Express.. .l 47 Northwestern. 103J/4
Alton, Terre Haute 66 ; Preferred 1&u,4
American ExuressllOVs N V Central 931/.
American Tobacco 68»/s Y. ChlcaßO&stL 11
Preferred lUO | Ist preferred 66
Kay fctate Mas 11% 2d preferred. 24
Baltimore & Ohio.. 16 N Y&N H 166
Brunswick Land*. ay B !.N V & New Eng... 37
Buffalo, Koch &P. 16^ 4 N Y. Susq A W.... • 9 -
Canada Pacific 55V& /'referred 25%
Canada boulharn.. 4 4 v 2 Ontario 10
Canton Land 60% umarlo & Western 34»/ a
Central Pacific IJV4 Oreconlmprovmnt — •
1 li« 4- Ohio 1«% Prele-rfd —
Chicago Alton 162 Oregon Narration 14
Preterred 172 Oregon fhort Lino. 15
Chicago, B <fcQ.... 74% Pacific Mail.... a.'>
Chicago <t 111.... 42. l'rona. D A Kvam 2i/
l'reierr*d 95 . Plttsburs <fc W pfd. 15
■Chicago Gas 76^4 Pullman Palace 5 1 1 ■■■
Clevdt PlttsDunc. 166 Qnlcksllver .1
Consolidation CooL 33 1 Preierred... ..... 11
THE BAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 14, 1897.
Consolidated Ga5. .147 <Readlnsr. 24 > !
CCC Abt Louis... ■■l-\\ Kio<iraii'te«t Westa 12 |
Preferred 75 : 1 referred ..... HHVi\
Colo J up: & lrcJ.. '2 14 I'oclt Island.. 6'iVi '
Preferred. .... SO KomeWat<KOzd*n.ll7
Cotton U.I Cert...; IX ,Si 1.&. S W...'. 3)lj
Commercial Cable. 150 1 Preferred B s i
: Del Hudson )u6%'r>t Paul.. .. 75
, Del LackiU>strn. 1518/41 Preferred 232^
Denver <fe KG 10 V 2si Paul <£ Duluth.. 20
•Preferred 40 | Preterred 85
Distillers — St Paul & Omaha.. 4714
General Electric... 34% Preferred 130
trie 14V4 St *• m & ai... 114
Preferred ..... 34 Silver Certificates. 643/ i
Fort Wayne I»>3 southern Pacific... 15
Great Northern ofdl2l Southern l: ii „ 8%
lire en bay I Prelerred . . 27V»
Harlem 2»'2 |BuK»r Refinery .. . 111
Hocking Coal. 2%' Preferrca. IUIV3
Hocking Valley... 7 8 /4 Tenu Coal A: Iron., art 1.3
Homestaice 35 I Preferred 80
i H <fc Texas Central Texas Pacific .. . 9^4
I Illinois Central.... 92 'Tot AA A N Mich.-
1 lowa Central. 7 |Tol Ohio it Central 15
Preferred 24% erred... .;.... 60
Knnsxs <fc Texas. 12»/4JTol hi Louts AX O 6Vj
Preferred 2Biv Preferred 18V« '
Klußsion & Pena.. 3 I Union Paoiflc b%
Lake Krle & Wejta 16 |L P Den <&Uulf.... 17/
Preferred. .'. 66 U b Cordage. ;— '
lake Knore 164V4 Preferred •
National Lead 22%! Guaranteed .. . — —
Preferred 87 |OSKxpri>ss 37
Lonclsianl 45 L' b leather. 7%
Louisville & Nash. IB I.*1 .* Preferred 65*/8
Louisville, At our /4 U B Rubber 181,3
Preferred IV4 Preferred 68^
Manhattan C0n.... Soi^jCtlca 4 B River.. .lso
ISI phis A Charli 15 ' Wab 8L & Facias. 6 1 i
Mexican Central... 83/ 4 Pr;ferr*d 15" g
Michigan Central.. 86 Wells-Faixo. . fß '
j Minn &8 L — Western Union.. . b2i 4
Preferred — Wisconsin Central. 2
! Minn &bt L com.. 18»4 Wheeling & LX... 2
Ist preferred 78 I Preferred 9%
" ?d Drefe rreit 47 Am Cotton Oil ufi. 63
Jllssouri Paclflo... 21% W U Beef .-... e'A
Mo!i:ie<& ohio 20 Ann Arbor • BVI
Nashville &eh»::. 67% Preferred ... 24
National Linseed.. 13 Brooklyn Traction. 20
KJ Central 97»/ 8 Krle 2d pfd. li
>onolk <fc Westra. HVsl American Spirits.. 12<&
Pielerrea 16V41 Preferred 31
CI.O.SINU mvlis.
Ala Class A 4«. 105 Northern Pac 15t5.115%,
Do Class B 4. 65.104 I>o2d-^.. -
Alabama, class C. 98 Do Bds. 81%
Atchison 4s 81% J.'oconsolis 6"a
Uo2dsA !.... 4«iA'Or lmprovmnt fc6 '
Canada South 2da. 107 , Do 6s 18
Cen J'ac lsts of'9s o X <5t X* i si '.'.".'.'.! H 2
Cherokee 4s. 18S6. 104 1 Doconsolss
f" 1»»7 104 !Or Short Line 65.. .118%
V 0 104 I Doconsol 5s 77» 4
to 1899 104 Pacific 6aof '97
Ches&Obio 65.... Phlla<fe Readme 4s 81
Lb&N tTr Kcis 6s 4 -'4 Do Ist pfd incom. 44^
I) IS- 655.. 19V* I. Grande West Ist* 73
Den A ht 111. St L&lronlltUenS* 76
:c . Do *« 88 StL*aFGen«s3..lll%
{£&»"■ 65»/4 Si Paul Consols.... 130
FtW ADenClty lsts 67 >l P C«fc Pa lsts . 110%
UH&BAtJs 104 |Solaro:ina4Vui .lOTU
Do2d <s. S'B'i Southern X R 05... 88 s i
tenEecCebSi... 9 Dol'ac Cal lsts.. 108
H&'lex Centss...lO7Vi Term new 3s 79 '
j Uocoaßs. 102 Texas Pac 1aw..... tjtth^
| lowa Central lsts.. »6 1 exas Pat- Ldn 21%
Kansas Pa Consols 75 lUniou Pac lsts 98.104 Vi
iis Palsts JJenDivllo5 /8 L a4s reg of 1925.122 V 4
La Consol 4s. 95%: Do 4s, coupon.... 122 V*
Missouri funding |0 s 4s reg of 1907. 111%
•M X T lds - 69V *" DoJs, coupon 11244
.. V 9 84V* Do2s „. 95' a
Mobile A Ohio 45.. 67V 2 Do Bs. Reg llS4h
oinal Union 65. .1 1 1 Do 63. coupon.. .. 1133.
V- CtnL (J cn6»...117% Vafundlnedeot... 62
» Louis 45106 j Doreglstered.
A WestUeu 6sl^o I Do deferred os. 6
N Carolina 4s. 101 i* Do trust rcpt atpd 6
v JJo6s 122 » abash Ist 106
North westConsois. HOV4, West onoro *a 107
•**>ueo 55....... 11l I
rOBMIQH MAKKETS.
WHEAT IX LIVERPOOL.
I.IVF.RPOOL. E.vo., Feb. 13.— The spot market
Is steady at 6s 6%d<36i 7%d. Cargoes are dull at
3d» 6d, promp. shipment.
n-n-Rts.
The Produce Exchange cable gives the following
Liverpool quotations lor No. 2 Red Winter: Feb
ruary. 63 a d: March, 6s V£fl: May, os SVid:
June, 6s 4d: July, 6s 4d.
BKCURITIRS.
LONDON, Feb. 13.-Consols. 112 9-16: sil
ver, 2fc3id; French Rentes, 102« 67% c.
EXCHANGJK' A-vli BULLION.
Fterllnß Kxchance, 6Odaya....' _ $4 86%
sterling Kxchange. sight — 4 88V^
bterlitiß Cables. v.... , — 489
New York fcxehange, sight.... ...." — 25
New "* ork Exchange, telegrapht&. — . 275y»
Fine aiiver, per ounce — ti4»i
Mexican Dollars — bi£
m - ■'
PRODUCE MAfiKET.
.
WHEAT AM) OTHJBK GRAINS.
"WHEAT— Prices continue to shrink, both on
and off call. The shippers are doing very little.
hence trade is dull. Quoted at II >o(£i 32Va ¥>
j Ctl for common grades, t\ Bb@l 37^ for average
I .No. 1, 91 38»i ~? ctl for cnoice aud #1 *o@l 10
t ctl for extra cnoice milling.
. (AM. rOAKO SAI.FS.
Informal t-KhSiuN— 'J:l3 o'clock— May— Bß,ooo
' Ctls. $1 31: 40J0. 91 ao%; 2O:iO. $1 3iV» «000
j9l 31 V»; -Jtj.OJO 91 alA 8 ; aoOO. 91 313 yi . Dc
cc ber-200U, 91 i8V»; 8000, 91 18a 4 ; 8000,
51 1 •<■'■«
bnxiVß ■session— May— l4,ooo ctis, $1 31*4:
I 2000, If I 313/8; 4000, $131 Vj; 2000, 91 32; 4000
$1 Hi", Decen ber— l4,ooo. *1 ISVi.
lIKGULAK MfißNiso .-ICSKION — .M..V— 4000 CtlS,
*) 32; 10 000. S. :v.i, B . December -2000, 81 18%:
6000, $. l-» y i; XOOOT «1 19. .
UARLEY— T. ere Is an active demand for bright
j Feed, which is srarce on this mark.* at the 1110
--; menu iced, 76@80c V cii; Brewing, »7V2®yi!Vic
CAI.I, BOARD BALES.
Infobuax, Pkbsiox— 9:ls o'clock— No sales.
Second Session— May— 2ooo ctls, 77^c.
Regular .Muhmso sessiok — May — VOOO ctls.
77s> i ; bOuO, 77V 3 c.
OaTS— The market is dull with an inclination
toward weaker price*. Milling. $1 2£>@l 40;
Fancy Feed, 91 S7i^j(g,i 45 V c.l: Common White"
91ft0l 10: good to choice. 91 15(&1 35, according to
I quality. Black for feed, 9&c@?l 05; tor seed 91 10
©1 25; Gray. $1 15@1 »0; lied, $1 lOffil 20; sur
; prise. 91 45@1 50 'r ctl.
CORN— The Kart continues to keep us heavily
stocked wllh Its product. -Large Yellow. 75(&8Uc
small Round do, 90c; White, 77V2SH2ij,c * cli '
KYE-85f0.9tc i*ctL * *
BUCK\VUKAI--Quoted at«l 15@l 25 5I ctL
I IHI X A>'D SIILLSTUFFS.
FLOUR— Net cash prices are: Family extras.
94 Ba@4 95: Bakers' extras. 94 75<54 85; Super,
Due 94^4 85 %* ob!.
IOKS3IEAL, ETC— Feed Corn, 917@17 60-
Cracked Corn. »17 60® 18 f* ton. * ill &ii ou.
MILLSTUFFS-Prites in sacks are as follow,,
I usual discount to the trade: Graham Flour $2 85
; V 100 ;&s; Kye Flour. 42 75 f<, 100 ton: Rice Flour,
t& 76: ( urnnieal. 92w;i 'J6; extra cream no. 92 7fl"
Oatmeal, $3 00; <JaS Croats. *4: Hominy $3 10
©3 30: Burkwhea; Flour, 93 20©3 &0: Cracked
Wheat, $3 60; Farina, 94; Whole Wheat Flour
$3: Rolled Oats (bbl»), »5 50©5 90; Pearl Barley
93 75@4; Split Peas, 93 60; Oreen do, *4 US %i
100 Its. '•'-»■',:■-■
HAY AXo FEEUSTUFFB.
All descriptions remain unchanged.
BKA-N— 513.a,13 50 for the best aud 912@12 50
V- ton for outside brands.
MIDDLINGS— SIB 50.919 50 for lower grades
and $20@21 ft ton for the best.
FEEDSTUFF'S — Rolled Barley, «17 50@18-
Oilcake Meal at the mill, 926 60 "r ton; lobbinz.'
927 60; clipped Oats, 91 30(8,1 60 ctl.
HAY— Wheat, $S@11; Wheat and Oat, 97®
10: Oat, 96@9; Barley, $7@B 50; River Barley
$S@6 60: Alfalfa, 9G@7 6u; compressed, Sti'cL
» 60; stock, $5@6: Clover, 9«i»8 i* tun.
STRAW— 2O»6Oc 9 bale.
BEANS AXI> s£EDS,
Offerings of all articles la these lin?s are ample
and trade Is very dull.
UEANS — Bayos. 91 60®l 60 "0 ctl; Small
Whites, sl 15861 259 ctl; Large Whites. $I©l 15 H
etl; Pinks, $1 10®l 25: Reds, SI 10@l 20: Black
eye, 91 10@l 16: Red Kidney. $2 60: Llmas, 91 70
@1 90. Butters, $1 25@1 50; Pea, * i I£@l 30
bEEDs— Brown Mustard. $2 50g2 76: Yellow
Mustard, $1 75<52 %*. cii: Flax, $1 3501 40- Canary
Seed, l»4r<¥'-J/4C r Ib: Alfnlia. 6V4c: Rape. '2WA
2>/ic; Hemp, be; Timothy. 4V^c.
iil'.lr.D PKAS— 91(g,l 20 ell; Green,
91 40@l 50 ¥- ctt
POTATOES, ONION*. VEGETABLES.
Values of all descriptions show little change.
POTATOES— New Potatoes, 6c $ It.; Sweet
Potatoes, $125@1 76: Early Rose, 75@85c: River
Keds.7s®Bsc; Burbank SeedllnKS,7s<sßoc "£ ctl for
Rivers, aoc(g,si 10 for Salinas and 7a@9Uc for
I Petalumas; Oregon Burbanks, 86c@$l 10.
ONIONS-$1 60@2 %*. ctl » Cut Onions, 75c@
! 91 25; Oregon*, $2^,2 26.
VEGETABLES— Hothouse Cucumbers. 50e@*i
9 dozen; Asparagus, h@l6o «t Kb lor common
and 2' @3Cc V Ib .or choice; Rhubarh,
— ft box; Los Angeles Summer Squash, 75c
®fl $ box: Los Angeles Green . Peppers, t>(#
I 7c: Mushrooms. io@2oc %* Ib; Marrowfat Squash.
{ 98@R V- ton; Los Angeles Tomatoes, 60r@$i y
1 box: Dried Peppers, 7@Bc ft 1b; E,'< Plan , 15c
%) tb: Green Peas. »&t>c v* Ib: Los Angeles
String Beans, s'«slOc: Dried Okra, »is»c 9 ib: Cab
bage. 40@50c 9 ctl; Carrots. 25<at3Oc $ Mick; Gar
lic; 1 Va^c * Tb. '
BITTEK, CHKESE AND EGGS.
BUTTER— tendency in creamery Is down
ward.
Creamery— Fancy Creameries. 2]@22c; sec
onds. 18@19c V- Ib.
Dairy— Fancy rolls, 15@16e; squares, 17@18o V
Ib: good to choice 1 14c; lower grades, 2' 2 '-_
PICKLKD— 13@14c ft & for old and 17@lbcior
new
Firkin — 13@14c ft Ib for old and 17@18c for
new.
Cbkameby TUB-16®17c ■$ lb.
CHJUBHK — Choice mild new Is quotable nt
10c $ ■ Ib: common to comi old, 80fi9c ?> &>;
Cream Cheddar, ll@l2c V tb: Young America,
ll<- ; Western, Il(o.l2c: Eastern. 14@14V^c^ &>.
EGGs— Prices drop every day now. Receipts
are too heavy. . Ranch t*Kgs, 13@15c; store Eggs,
l'-'gn-Vjc; Buck Eggf, lttc •
rOBLTKY AND GAME.
POULTRY— Weak and dull. Three cars of East
ern are expected this week.
Live 'lurkeys, 13@14c 9 ft for Gobblers. 13@
lie « &> for Hens; Dressed Turkeys, 14@15c f> B>;
Geese. 9 pair. $1 25@1 75: Goslings, *2 60@3:
Ducks. $4 50'gSB 50 for. old and $6@7 for yotnic;
Hens, ?3, 50@4 50; Koo-ters. voudk. 84 slMi."« 60;
do, old, $4: Fryers $6(»5 60: Broilers, *4 60@5 for
large and 93 60@4 for small: Pigeons, S2@2 60
%i doi tor young: and 91®il 25 for old.
HAM X — Encllsii .-nli'o are quotable nt $2 50@3:
Jack Snipe, V dozen: Hare, $1: Kabh.ts,
$1 -25 for Cottontails and SI for small: Gray Geese,
4250: White Weese, «1 : Brant, «1 50. iionKtri,
$3 50@4. ' _______
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
Oranges are dull but steady. Fresh stocks of
Mexican I. lines are about due. Apples are sow.
DECIDUOUS FKUITS—
! Apples, Boc@*i t* box for choice, $1 25@1 35 for
fancy Bed, 60&75 c for common; Eastern. $1 60
&3 f» bbl. - - >
BEKRIES—
Eastern Cranberries, ?C@7 $ bbl.
CITKUS FBUITS-Navel Oranges are qoot
ab.e at *2@2 75 ?i box : seedlincs, *I@l 25 ?L box;
Lemons. 75c@*i 25 for common and *1 50(<3»'J tor
good to choice: Mexican .Limes, S:><g,t>; Califor
nia Limes, SI 50(*l 75; Bananas, *1«- ft bunch:
Pineapples, f 2©l V lot
DRIED FRUITS, K.AISIX3, NUTS, ETC.
DRIED FRUlTS— Quotations on the Fruit Ex
change are nominally sslollowj:
«.ab_oai> Lots— Apricots are Quotable at 6®oc
for Royals »nd 11%@12c for choice to fancy Moor
paries: Prunes. Sfto3Vic tor the 4 sizes Peaches,
4(&si^c for prime to choice, 6i£@7c tor fancy and
!'(g,!oc lor ice led In boxes; Apples. 5@5U.; fnr
evaporated and -®-VgC for -<uu-dneJ: Pears, 2Vj
ijtSc for prime to choice, 4(351/^ for quartern nnu
t@6i/,c for halves; Plum», 4c for pitted ana lVjc
in n-RltMd: Nectarines. 3i&@4i^c for choice and
6i/,c »or laucy; Wuite Fixs, JSc; Black Figs. 2V*
!■••>-•;■;• • •
Jobbing r ricks— Peaches, 4Vi@sV%c V Ib; '
fancy, 6%@7>Ac * •*>: pet-led. 12V»«- - ft ft. Apri
cou, 6V»<a>yi' "* ' t<: ""icy, 10c: Muorpark*. j-ifci
13c; evaporated Apples. 6%c; sun-dried. 2%@3c;
Prunes. 3y s c for tbo 4 blzes: Figs, black, »c for
impressed au>t 3@3i/2C for pressed: white tigs. 4c;
Plums, 4-V«<Blsc tor pitted and l%c for unpitted:
Nectarines. 4(&6c V tt> for prime lv fancy: Pears,
2y><&sc for whole, 4Vfc@sViiO toe quarters and
41 <(S6i-2C for halves.
liAISINK—
labloid Prices — Four- crown, loose. BS/gC;
three-crown. 4%0 V Ib; two-crown. 3»/ 8 c V a>;
seedless sultanas, B^Cl seedless Muscatels, 4s>' g c:
three-crown London layers, SI 15: clusters, SI 50;
Dehesa clusters, $2 - 50; Imperial clusters, |3;
dried rapes, Me i? tt>.
Jobbins PbickS— San Francisco— Four-crown,
loose. 5 3 /ic; 8-cro\vn, 4»,4c: 2-crown, 5%c: seed
less Sultanas, 6%c: bi-ealess Muscatels, 4»/ 2 c:
3-crown London -layers,- $1 25; dusters, $1.60:
Dehrsa clusters, *- 7S: Imperial clusters, S3 <!&.
I 18— Chestnuts quotable at 8(<$10c: Walnuts,
6Va'g.7c fi Sj for standard and Bjj«i/ 2 c V Ib for
sonsuell: Almonds, t^ti 1 , for Lani^uedoc, S^
SVjc for 'hardshell and fc.g,'Jo 9 tb for paper shell;
Peanuts, 4^6c lit Ib lor Kastern ana 4c for Cali
fornia: Hickory Nuts, fi(g;*c %i &>; Pecans, 7Vjrj)
be tS &>; Filberts, a (a,hc; Brazu Nuts, 7^,@tic;
Cocoanuts, *5(0,5 60 '?* 100.
HOXKY-Comt, 10@12i/ic for bright and 6@90
tor lower grades: water-white extracted, oiS&V'ac:
lislit amber extracted 4i,2 d4^ 4 c; darlc kiuiw.*.
4fa,4V2c: dark. 2ftC3c »* It.
Bn.KSWAX-^2@260 «4 Ib.
rKovisioxs.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, 6c •$ Ib for heavy, 7c
ft Ib for light, medium, 9i' for light, 10c jt Ib for
extra light and 11 %c 'P lb for sugar-cured. East
ern sugar-cured Mams, 12@121.2C: California
Hams. . 10C<2.10V^c: Mess Beer, $7(g>7 60: extra
mess do, »»<sß &0: family do. »0 60@10: extra
pilmo Pork. S7 60 @ 8; extra clear. $10 ft bbi;
mess. $14 & bbl: smoked Beef, 10c ft Ib.
LAUD— Eastern, tierce*, is quoted at &i/ 2 c for
compound and tijjti^c for pure: palls, 7c: Callt
fornii> tierces, :xaC- V2 c >*• tb ' or compound and 6 1 4c
tor pure; half-btiiM. B%JBi 10-S) Una, 71 ie; do, 6-tt>,
71 2 c ?» tb.
cuTTuLENK— 6®6Vieln tierces and7»i©BVi»s
in 10- Ib lias. - :
HIDES, TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS.
HIDES AND SKINS-Culls. and orands sell lo
nnder sound stock. Heavy salted steers, 8c $ Ib:
medium. 7c: li.-uu t(j6»/jc; Cowhides, txfttiyac:
salted Kip. tic ft Ib: sailed Calf. 7<a^c. sailed
Veal. 6c: dry Hides. U'i._>!<Sl :■(<■: culls and brand*,
9Va@loa %i lb: dry Kip and Veal.9«9lUc:dry Calf.
16c; cull's. 10c; Goatskins, 20®3&c each: Kids,
sc; De<>rskln<s good summer. :5c >» Ib: medium,
20c: winter, 10c; Miiepskins, saearlinss, io®2oc
each; short wool. 26<535c each;- medium. 30^*5c
each; lons wools, 40@60c each. '-' ' ■ ' •
laM.OW-.No. 1, rendered, a<§3V«c; So. 2, 2y 2 c;
retliiod, sc; Grease, i'o >* &. • - -
WOOL— We quote Kali Wool as follows: Free
northern, 7@BMfC It tb; middle counties, free. sVat4)
7c; do. detective, 4 V;'r*<*t: -"an Joaqain. 3<assc: uo,
foothill, 6(5,7c: Eastern Oregon. 7<sloc; Valley
Oregon, fall and lambs', M>c£llc V to
HOPS— 63tic fur :a;r to choice and 9©loc lit Ib
for fancy. - ••■•-* -•
GENERAL MKRCHANDISE.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Hairs, spot. '8c: Jane-
July delivery, sc; San. Quentln, $4 75; Wool
Basis. 24V»@2«y C. 9K|B
COAL— Wellington, SS f>- ton; New Wellington,
f 8 V ton: sonthtleld Wellington. $7 60 ?» ton;
!«eaitic, $5 60: Bryant, »6 50: Coos Way. $4 75;
Wallsend,s6 60: scotch. : Brymbo, : Cum
berland. *13 bO in bulk and fis lv sacks; Penn
sylvania, Anthracite lists, *11-.airJ ? ton: Welsh
Anthracite. fg&lO: tunnel, $& Vi ton; Kovk
Springs. <;a>Btle Gate and Pleasant Valley, . 87 60;
.Coke. 91 lc«l 1 In bulk and «13 V ton In ski. .
CANNED SALMON" -The Alaska Packers' Ay
edition quotes Ited Salmon as follows: In lots
of 25,000 cases. 9&c V* dozen;' 50.000 cases, 82140
%' dozen: 75,000 cases, 90c V dozen, net casn f. o.
b. ex-ship.
sl'CiAK— Western Sucor Refining Comp? iv
quotes, terms net cash: Cube and Crushed, 6V3":
Powdered, be: Fine. crushed, 6V%c; Dry Granu
lated, 4^gc; Confectioners' A, 4S/*c: Magnolia A,
4c; Extra C, 3%c: Golden C, S'^ic: half barrels
; , 4 c more than barrels, and boje.li/2' mord.
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
Wholesale rates for dressed stock from slaugh
terers are as follows':
BKKF— First quality. Gc: choice, 6y 2 c: second,
s»Si.,r : third do, *®i\ 2 c V &>-
VEAL— Large, 6@7c; small. ~<sXc 1* Ib.
MUi v l ON— Wethers, 6%@7c: Ewes. 6®6Vic
ft Ib.
LAMB— 10*1 2 Vac 9 Ib.
PORK— Live Hogs, ba^,@4V 2 c "t* Ib for large and
3%@3»ic for small and medlam; dressed do, •4« 4
(gibe ft U». . : ■'. i
RECEIPT) OF PRODUCE.
yon 24 hoi-rs.
Flour, qr ska....' 6,651 ' Batter, ctli...,^^ 232
Wheat, ctla. 3.640 Cheese, ct1i...... 54
Barley. ctls..._. 1,88!) t£«qrs. 00* „ 11.400
Beans, sks 461 Wide*, no 177
Cornells- ! Pelt*. b«:<i . 6U
Eastern 3.6U0 Wine, Eats _ 69,700
Rye. ctls ........ 400 Quicksilver, fltzi 6M
Potatoes, sic*.... 6,237 Wool. Dis 1
Onions. 5k5...... JUS leather, rom 2HO
Middlings, set... '.'7B Tallow, ctls. .... 10
Bran, 5k5.. ...... | BOO | Lime, brji5. ...... lio
11»}', too* _ 31^
THE STOCK MAfiKET.
The mining stock market cosed the week dull
at rather lower prices as ft rule.
The Utah and Bullion assessments fall delin
quent In boar 1 to-morrow and the Savage delin
quent sale taken place also.
Con. Cnl. & Va. produced 37 tons of ore, assay
ing # 41 02, last week. . -
The Bullion- Beck Mining Company of Utah his
declared a dividend of $1 per snare, amounting to
$100,000, malting a total to date of $2,067,000.
The Mercur Mining Company of Utah has de
clared a dividend of I'.'Vi cents per share, amount
ing to $.5,000. The total dividends to date are
$615,000.
The Centennial- Eureka Mining Company of
Utah has declared a <livdenl of 91 per share,
amounting to $ so. 000, making $ 1,9*20.00 to date.
There will probably be a contest for the control
of the Hale & Norcross at the annual meeting,
March 10. The contesting parties urn beaded by
Jer<rnUh - Lynch and George W. Grayson re
spectively. . .
oiiowing at« me niKiiest l' rices liar
gffg', ing the I'HHt Week.
HTOCK. | MOO. TlM»|\Ved.;Thn.| Frl Bat:
iijins. . ....
Uta ....
inde« ......
04
14
■JtS
70
04
10
43
94
U.IS
1.(15
25
46
I.SU
41
9-2
11
09
47
47
ielcher I
3wt A Belcbar.
Jullton
'•1 A^nnl.
Jaledonla
:hallenga
'hAi;..
I'-
ll
•4'.
9\
,19
1'
noUar.. „ . ..
.on. CaL <fc Va. .
2.1£
1.0
onfldence
-rown foint. ..
Jould & Carrr-
iale <t Norcrosj
Jexlcaa ... ,
>pb!r :
overman .;
>ocldenl*l
'OtOS! .........
l.ll'
41
8(
1.
•
4
4-
i»
l.«!
bt
3
t>:
a-.
U1
s*vaKo
seg. JJelcher...
landHiii .. •
Sierra r\'ev»d»
Jniou. .
JlMh
itiUUW JHCKK
i.e
41
1.6'
41
4 .
0
SI
4t
0
1.60
39
87
OH
87
BOARD Mil-.
Followlnc were the sales la the Baa FraaelKO
f-toctc lIORrd yesterday: "
RKGULAB MOKNINO SKSSIOX. rOMMIfCTXO 6:Sa
300Ande«.....14 300 M .2.16| 50 HAN .1.30
400 Bclcner.._26 376 '......... 2.1 2UU Ophlr ...82
40 1 8A8. .....70(100 C0nn.. ..1.06 60 .". 91
100....... 69 300 UAU 46 600 Poiosl **47
400 iuu.r 92 200 H&N ... 1.20 ..00 9aTaee"*46
100 I.: 911700 .........1.26 210 Utah*. '.".'." U 3
Following wer« -the (uilei in the Pacltto Stock
Board yesterday: • . • . .
. RKOri.AII SFR.HTON — 10:30.
400 Alnna....-08 250 Chllnge.. .44200 Ophlr 93
t> >0 Alt*.... 05 150 Conn .....97 400 ...... 92
«00 And**.. ..lS 100J C Imp. 800 Ovrmnl""ll
.")UJ Belch •{■....■-' i 1000 O'J 300 Poiotl 7.60
20U 8*U......7] 1000 ConN V. OIBOO . .. "" .49
900.. ..706UJ «. *'0in;...2t|300 ....... .. 48
300 6fc «00 Ezcbr O4ißO'l .. 47
SOU 11u1110ii....03 M)J U <JtC .....H 600 Bavare 47
400Caleda....li S6J H<*JN....1.2l $00. 4<t
350 Ch011ar....94 960 I.'JtHOO ScbYplon.".o2
100 f>2 700 ........ -I. SO 3UU S> BAM 07
200 ...9] 1000 J01t*. ...01 JO ■ *N»v. 39
200 90 .'OO Justice. ,.o& 1200 SUIU 01
260 UC*V2.l7>^ »00 KeniuclcOS 100 Stdrd:. 1.60
VOO 2. jo l»00 L Wash..ol;.«>J Union. " ..87
100 'Jl/e 100 Mci 40 M)J UUU1......02
1300 ........V.lofttJQ 0cca......0P 15J V««...:7
CLOSING QI'OTAXIONS,
SAIUKDAY, Feb. 13 12 m.
Tl«.Aikf. MttLAWI.
AlKtinCnn.'.... 07 09 Jackson — "5
Alt*. 04 06 i all* ,.„ — M
Andes, 14 16! Jostle*. — *<*
Belcher 24 25!Kentncfc.... w -01 13
BestAßelohsf 67 " 6j] i-ndy Waau.... Oi -12
Benton cou.. . li iO Mexican 40 «l
i'1n1110n. ....... 04 OS Nevada Qae«3. ' "- —
Caledonia, 10 12 Occidental..... 09 10
Chollar 88 91. Upbtr b9 »1
C0u.Ca1&Va... 2.1-5 2.10 Overman...... 11 12
Challenge Cox 43 44 I'otosL. „ 45 47
Con. imperial. ■01 12 ravage. m 46 «7
Contidence.... 1.00 1.05 -corpion 02 03
100 New Yor« — 1 2 -.eg. Helchar. . — 08
trown Point... 25 liver Hill — »1
EastUlerraMa? — 14 -lerra NevaJi 38 39
JiorekaCoa._ — i 5 -taudard 1.60 1.65
fcxebeuuee .... — <JA -*yuuica:<i. .... Oi iS
scurry. 45 fnloucoa 37 39
*»■!■• Ham M»l.» 1.2& Ltali - US US
Holmes 15 30 1 rUow J3o»*» 26 27
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
SATURIMV Feb 13 10:30 a.m.
trNITED STATES BONDS.
/ia*>»«* ■/>'*• Jit'-rL
D849c0n0.)12 — U a4sre3...lUJ llui-j
Do new issuell3 —
JUHCKI.UNtOF, *^XV«.
C"al-stCn>ss.Uoi - OakOas 6*.. - 104
Cat Elec L 6i125 132 |Do2d is 65... 109 110 14
Cnira«JWsi — t7 Omnibus Us., j.21^1-2^)
Dpnt-stex-cp — !.7l/ 4 I- & O Hyttj. — ll a
td.inL<tPo3l-2dVal29 ll'dtCuKytts —.103 :
F&cn kk us. 041.4.110 i>wi-si KKdlll4 119
Ci*arv-»t Ksslo:i4lo2Va!heno. WL&i. - lU>
11 I i^> Vji. lo j, — mcto 1* i 1.. — 10:)
LosAnsLds — 100 fcF4NPltst. 100R/ 8 .0 l
Dounteed 6s — 101 sPUKArizOi »1V» —
UKt-stCble6sl22V - sPKUCaIdt, — 115
DoKyCon t»4.1063 /S IOB% hPKKIaISs. — 100
NatVintfslst — .100 >PBrßCal6s. 971,4 —
NevC.NBH7s.IO3 105 Water tfa.l*oy B l2O}'s
N Ity Cal tis. 10U — |>V\Vaier4s. 100i 8 —
Kllycals*. — 95 SlktnU&Etii — ' lOi: Vi
WtTKIt STOCK*.
Contra Costa EBy» 40 laprng Valley l7Va Vile
MariuCo..... — tf£ I
SJkS AXBELKTRIC 1 TOOK*
Capital. — 25 Pacific Ll«ht 45 —
Central 98i/s — S F G&Elec. 14*4 96
M t-lec Llghc — 9 >an I- rancico li 3 V->
OakGLill — . &4V:,siockiou — *U
Pao oaa Imp — 91 J
INSURANCE "STOCK I.
Flreman'sFdlSO ' — |-;nn _ —
COMMJKI*:, hank RTO-?Itl.
Anglo-Ca1.... 61 53 First Natlonll80«/il86
Bank of Cal.. — 241 ! London l\ft A. li 7;j t —
t'albl><SXColo7 V»H>»Vsi^lerch Ex.... 1J —
• ItTUM 11A.VK KTOCiv*.
GerS&LCo- - 1450 ISavALoan.. « 105
HumbS&L.llOJ — Security "ill —
Mutual 3:1 — UuloaTraat.Bls —
say Union — 476
bTKKKT liADLRnAi •-IW-K*.
California... .lo6 110 ;OafcSL<fcHa7 _ 103
Gfaryst 20 — Prestd.o 4% —
Jiaritel-at.... 4314 i'J~
»«•'»«■ STOCK V
Atlantic D.., 16 17 ;G'.antCon.. , 80 32
California.... 80 100 Vlgoriu — SH)c
Eastern D..- B'J e7Vi' V
MIHUtLLANhnin r-n-Kl.
Alaska Piers. — 104 Nat 1 ••«.. _ »y
--der Lead Co. 80 100 cea .s'Jo 23 25
HawCASCa. IB 16V4 I'ac Aux A — 4
Muulial'tii 24V4 243 /4 |PacßoraxCo. — 96
MerEzAssu.. — ilO | Pur f Paint Co — i
SALES — MOBNINO SKSSIU.V.
Board—
225 Hawaiian Commercial. 16 12y 3
26 do do Itf-.'S'
20 do do 16 l^i/i
60 Market-st Railway 43 26
10 Oakland rsas ' 64 00 .
25 bF Obi * E.ectrlo Co 96 00
dO do do 95 87Va
20 do do - 95 7b
220 SV Water -.7 87%
$60008 V 4* Bonds 100 25
Board—
150 3 Ki.m4 Electric Co 96 00
$10008 V 6^ Bonds 120 25
<~*-a-.A.~* hi Si A >» fcitilfc
t>«t«t« of T>«»|>iirtar«> From San FraneUco.
STKAMKR I IIf.HTI S' A rillV
I'lilUa . ' Coo* liar .'■
City Puebia Vlc .t I'm Hnd
SauJose.... , Panama. I
Korelca Newport I
Arcata < oos Hay
ABlanchard O^eßOn ports.
>ar0110n. ... Uninn< Uay.
Corona | Hamboldtßav
Queen. baa Clexo
mb'.kitui. roriiand ]
Coos liar-;. Xewpon :
C'lly of Para Panama. '
WaliiiWalla Vic * Pet bnu
Mexico...'.. San -0...
<i. Elder, fortlana
I
SAI 1.-*
I PUCK.
I
! Feb 16. 6pm leierd
F.b 16. Hau Pier 3
IFrt) 15.V-J h P M SS
Feb 35, Oam Plar 11
! Keb 16.10am i'ierlt
Feb 16. &pm I Pier 13
J-t-b 16. 9am | Pier a
|Fft> 17. in i Psec •
Feb 17.11am Pier 11
l-V-i 17.10am Plor 21
»-eb 19 Pam Pier 11
Feb 20.13 Urilss
Feb i!0. 9am Pier 9
Feb 21.11au | ei.T 11
Feb I .' li.i» | Pier U4
hTKAMEKS TO AKKIVt.
TAKUt | I- BOM ( lm.
Cieone I
WelllUKion... .1
6tate of Cm....
City of I'ara...
Arcftln
Alice Blancnard
arnUo:i !
Walla Walla... !
Queen
Kmplrb ....
Corou* ■
Coos Bar
Australia |
Orizaba .... i
Wlllatuett* :
Waahtenaw ....
Mexico j
Crescent CUT... >
I>»1 Sorla i
Geo W. Klder..
Tillamoolc i
Proireso. ... !
China
Amarapoora....
darlna ,
North 10re... :
Korelca.. !
Bunoi.. !
Cmatilla. i
Acapnleo !
I Crescent C'iiy
Departure Bay
rortlnnil.
. l'anama ♦...:
Coos Bay ......
, l'ortlann
; Vaqutna Bar.
' Victoria «$ Pucet sound :
San Dieiro. j
■ Coos Bay :
; Uomboia; Bay
Newoort !
I Honoiuiu I
i Mexico I
|S»attle ;
Tacoma |
San Dieco
! CresceDt City
<<rara Huroor.
Portland
r Portland
' Seattle '■
China and Japan |
Oscos
i Coos Bay
: Humboldt Bay
' Newport.
Grays Harbor
Victoria <& Puset Sound
I'nnama.
..Fob 14
..Feb 14
tftl 14
..Feb 'l4
. Keb 1 4
..Feb. li
Feb 14
I Fob 15
i..F(?b lo
| . . Feb J5
I .Feb 16
1-eo 17
.Feb 17
1 ..FeD 17
Feb 18
i ..Feb 18
..Feb 19
.Feb 19
. Keo 19
..Feb 19
..Feb 19
..Feb 19
! . . Dec 20
..Feb 20
..Feb 21
..Feb 21
..Feb 2i
Feb 31
..Feb 21
.. Feo 32
SUN, MOO> AND XIDIS.
OTTBO States Coast ANr> GW>D»TrC RrRVtT
TIMKS and HKIQHTS OF llion axd low
Watkm at Fo«t Poikt. Ejjtravck to
bAN Francisco Bay. 'Publish kd 'by Offi
cial Authority of iai: kui-krintkndknt.
Note— high and low waters occur ai the
City Front (Mission-street Wharf) about twenty
tivr min-ii later than at Fort Point; me height
of tide is th« »m« a", both placov
February — 18»7.
Sunda \ Feb. uary 14..
Ti«i»« 7.001 Moon rlsw
snnfti „ B.4B|Moon wn 5.12am
l\jl^l Feet [H^i F^tili^lFeet i T 'H Feet
k'! H ■ I '• \v I H !'■ VV I
T« 2.1U 3.01 KOMI 4.9| 3.80 — j.6 10 55| 470
15 3.07 L'.9 9.06 5.01 4.11 —0.7 11.25 4.4
16 4.U1! *J.5 10.01 5.0 4.6'J -0.6 11.53 46
17 4.54 20 10.05 6.0 6.34-0 2
H W I. W- H Wi L XV
18 O.VO 4.7| 6.43 1.6 11.6; 4.9. 6-20 0.2
19 0.50 4.9 6.34 3.2 1'.'. 52 4.6 7.09 0.8
30 1.V!3 4.9 7.27| 0.8 1.54 4.3 ! 7.59 1.3
Notf— ln the above exposition of the tides th«
tarly morn!ti( tides are glren In the left band
column, and the successive tides of the day In the
order of occurrence an to time. The second tuna
column gives ton second tide or the day. the third
time column the third tide, and the* last or r.<h:
band column gives the last tide of the day, except
when there are bnt three tides, ta sometime*
iccun. The heights given are additions to iv*
soundings on the United States Coast Survey
charts, except when a minus sign (— ) precedes ins
height, and then the number given Is subtractlra
from the depth given by the charts.
NOTICE TO MAIUXEKS.
A branch of the United States Hvdrographla
Office located In tb* Merchant!* Exchange is
maintained in San Francisco for the benefit of
mariners without regard to nationality and free of
expense.
Navigators are cordially invited to visit the
office, where complete sets of charts and sailing
directions of the world- are kept on hanJ tor com
parison and reference, and the latest Information
can always be obtained regarding lights, dangers
to navigation and all matters of Interest to ocean
commerce.
The time ball on top of the building on Tele
graph II HI Is hoisted about ten minutes before
noon, and Is dropped at noon. 120 th meridian, by
telegraphic signal received each day from the
United States Naval Observatory a-. Mara Island.
Cal.
A notice stating whether the time ball was
dropped on time, or giving the error, If any. Is
published the same day oy the afternoon papers,
and by the morning papers the following i»r.
•; ■; . W. s. Bushes,
Ueutenanu U. S. X.. In charge.
Th« Time Ball.
ZXAIrCR JTYPROWBAFRIO OrFTOK!. C *. T., ">
'-.. Mkbchants' K.\ch. ■»>•'<« V
Pax Fxancisco. February 13. l«n7. )
The time ball »■« not dropped .0 dar, the mech
anism being out of order. It will be repaired at
once. . 5 fj'-"' ' ;
: i- W. B. Hcohks.
f/>nt»nant U. S. N. m''inr:>.
SHll'l-lXi 1-MtLLH.t.NtIS.
Arrive 1.
SATURDAY. February 13.
Stmr Doric. Smith, 28 days 12 hours from Hong
kong, via YoKOhama Id days 15 hours and :-its
mln. via Homo ulu 6 days 23 hours 51 mm; pass
ana mdse, to O A O 8 8 Co.
Stmr Truckee. Dan. el*. 89 hours from Astoria;
870 M ft lumber, to D H Biubi Lumber Co.
Stmr £ureica. Parsons, 72 hours from Newport
and way ports; pass and mOse. to Uood&U. Perldns
& Co.
Ship America, Harding. H dars from Departure
Bar ; jo JO tons coal, to B Dunsmulr & .Sons.
Scbr Newark, neck. 15 nour.i from uowens
-ancilng. 160 M ft lumber, to F Hey wood.
."■ctir Albloo. Thorsea, HO days trom Xehalem
River, via (olurnbia Hirer 11 days;: 80 31 ft lum
ber. 10 Pacific Box Co. .
• Schr Ivy, Murchlson. 10 days from Grays Har
bor; 100 31 ft lumber, to S E si.de Lumb«rCa
c lfinro-t
SATURDAY. February 13-
Stmr City of Pekins;, Smith, Hongkong and Yo- ■
kohama, via ono ulu : Pass Co. '
Stmr City of Put- bin, Debney, Victoria and Port-
Townsend: Uoodall, Perkins & Co.
stmr Mexico,* Jensen, ban Diego: Goodall, Per- !
kins & Co.
simr Corona. Doran, Eureka; Uoodall, Perlcinj &
Co. '
Haw ship Hawaiian Isles, Kust«U Vancouver:
A Nelson. ■ • . . . ■
i>r bark Northernbay, Frame, Queenstown; Bal
fonr, Guthrie & Co.
. Bkm S N Castle, Hubbard, .Honolulu; J D
t?preckels 4 Bros Co. V ;.V
Schr Alexander, Folk man, Ko Halt; North
American Commercial ca
*'.."• halleii.
SATURDAY. February 13.
Ktmr Corona. Doran, Eureka
Stmr City of Peking, Smith* Hongkong and Yo
kohama
Etnir Crescent City, Allen. Crescent City.
sinir Point Arena. Johnson. Mendoclao.
Mnir Navarro, I>ug>:au Eureka.
Stmr Mexio, Jcpsi-n. San Diego.
B»tk Cairo-lion, .inu-s, anal mo.
Pkns N Cast c. Hubbara, Honolulu. <
Schr Sailor Boy, Peterson, Kver<rtt.
Schr Ida McKay, Johnson. Wiliapa Harbor.
A«jlut:r;ii>hio.
rr>TXT LOB"**. Feb. I*— U. p. u.-\Vea:iiar
cloudy; wind NW. VwitocUr 12 mliei.
Charter*' '
The schr Alice Ceo loads lumber at Port Gam
ble lor Jlonolu'u. - ■■!';.*... : <•>
•iiolt«i. ;■:.-,;•.. . -
Jan 25— La: 5 N. Ion? 29 W, ' Br ship Merioneth,
hence Oct 20 . for Uueenstowa. <
l>«tn«"«*in : »»»r'i.
COOS BAY— Arrived Feb.ll— Stmr Arcata, hnce
F«-b 9. F^b ]'i-S:mr Km pi re. hence F<sb 9.
Bar boa cd IVb 13— '•stmr Area: a, for s-aa Fran
cisco. ■ ,
L SAL- Arrived Feb 13— S;mr Newsboy, hence
Fehll.- -
TACOMA— Sailed Feb 12-Scar Maria E Smith
for San Pedro.
SEATTLE— Arrived Feb 12— Jap simr Waka
noura Maiu. 'rum Yokohama.
SAN PEDRO-salied Feb 11-schr C S Holmes,
from Port Blakeley : stiir Caspar. Feb 12— sour
Ethel Z»ne. for Pueet Sound. i
Arrived FeO l'J-scnr Serena Thayer, from Eu
reka.
SEATTLE— Arrived Feb 13-3tmr Progreso,
hence FeD 9.
PORT GAMBLE— Sailed Feb 1 3— Schr Piosper,
for Honolulu.
ASTORIA— SaiIed Feb 13— scur J M Colman.tor
Guaymas.
►•A.N DIEGO -Arrived Feb IS— H B M stmr Co
rn us.
FORT BRAGG-Sailed Feb 13-Stmr Noyo, for
San Francisco,
PORT TOWNSEXD-Arrlved Feb 13-Schr
Laura Madden, from Vancouver.
Eastern Fort«.
NEW YOKE— Arrived Feb 12-Stmr Valencia,
from Colon. : 
. ' Foreign Ports.
MAIIUKONA — Sailed Feb Brig Consue'.o, for
San Francisco.
Arrived F^b I— schr Anna, hence Jan 12.
YOKOHAMA —^allea .In:. 26— Nor stmr Her
man Wedel-Jailsberg, for Calcutta
HONOLULU— Arrived Feb ti— Brstmr Coptic,
from Yokouama.
Sailed F«b4— Bark Andvake, for Port Townsend.
IVb 0— burs Mohican, for Sun Kranclsco *
KEAUKKKUA-Arr.vcl Feb 2— What bark
John and Wlnthrop hence Jan 8. -■'-■
ANTWERP- Arrived Feb Nor stmr Guern
sey, hence Nov L"5.
N A. VAIMO- Sailed Feb 12— Br ship Dovenby
Hall, for s>an Francisco.
Importation!.
NEWPORT— Per Kureka-20 ci ess*. 1 crate
screens, 125 sis peanuts. 146 bxsoraagas, 3 bbls
walnuts, 3 bxs raisins 10 bis lemon*.
- San i edro 15 t-mptles 2 cs wine, 20 sections
barrows. '£ bb supplies, 9 draw bars, 6 coil) rude,
2 lulls raillngi. 1 eh clothing.
Hueueme — 1 bx butter. 6cse;gs.
. East San Petiro— 373 c< salmon, 100 bb!s tar. £4
bxs oranges, 10«kn sweet potatoes, - 14 tirklns 10
bzs butter, So bxn limes.
Carpinieria— l tidi trees.
Ventura— 3 bxs baking powder, 14 cs eggs, 4 cs
oil. '2 bxs batter. 1 cs aspnaltnm, 1 cs tobacco, 2
bbls olives, 1 roll carpe , 175 b.ts oranges, 120
bxn lemons, 3 bzs tangerines, 1 bale old bugs.
Gavio a— in HKtcruwri.ih, 2 bxs butter.
Santa Barbara— l cs ary goods. 80 bdls hides, 5
bD.s tallow, 7 odls pelts, 1 coa', 6 kegs nai'.s, 38
lixs lemons, 17 bx» oranges.
Port Harrord— l2 bzs n»h, 27 b.T3 butler. 35 bdls
hide.i. 16 cseitcs, 1 »k rock, 35 odls lil.ies. 1 Übl |
junk, 1 bx cheese, 2cscauued fruit. '262 sks b^ans. '
Chj-ucos— 1. cs eegs, 85 bxs H tub] butter, 2 ci ,
caeese, 51 dressed calves, 1 bx fish.
>an Simeon— B3 bxs butter, 10 tubs butter, Ics
s'io«^s 18 eggs, 1 pc CRstlns, 1 all bides, 65
dressed calves.
Monterey— 4B hides, 7 bdls pelts, 1 calfskin, 100
bxs »;>i >.<•■>. -
CHINA AND JAPAN— Per Doric-7379 pkgs
mdse, i!0.2'.!8 pkgs rice, 318 ukks tea, 866 pkgs
0.1, 2b5 cs cur.o9, 7 pkgs parcels, 26 pkgs silk
good*, 1860 bales matting.
Overland — 111 iik«-j mdse, 334 p<gs tea. 322
Dkgs raw silk, 175 pkgs curios. 137 pkes straw
braid, 23 p»gs parcels, 7 pkgs silk goods, 306 rolls
inn tins.
Central and South America— 3l7 pkgsm-lse,
1(5U9 pktrs rice, 1 picg tea, 10 cs oil, 90 pkgs silk
goods, 28 rolls matting.
Cotmlcneei.
Per Eureka— CE Whitney <fcOo : J McCue: US
Emerson: J lvancovion «X (Jo: Flancli & Hlrseh
feld; M O'Brien; .McLean & McMllian: W T PlU
man; Lev! Spiegel & Co: River express: Italian-
Swiss Colony; HUmer, Bredhoff Jt Scbulz: H T
Jonnson & Co: D M u.«borue & Co: Tubbs Cordage
Co; i-oit'jii Woven Hose to: P.oienterg Bros <fc
Co; S F Weeks: Dairymen's Unioa ; Juis.m Frui: !
Co; Well man. PeckaiV-o; Lraucr. Grasshoff.<& Co;
Get* Bros & Co; W P Day: OB Smith * Co; Dpl
Monte Milling Co; American Tobacco Co: O II
Rmtle't: Wetmore Bros: D N & E Walters; Chai.t
& Bernard; Dalton Bros: \V H Adams: I ..me: «fc
to; Goodall, Perkins & Co; Wood. Curtis*; Co: I)
Demarttiil & Co: Bisalnger & Co: L Scaienu A Co:
Porter, SlesslUKer & Co; Canbope Bros: Trurabell
& Beeb ; (. Schilling & Co; Wimeraing. Lowe it
to; N°uburger, Reis3 & Co: American Union Flsii
Co: Crown Distillery Co; J 11 KtMslnc: A Levy &
Co: Norton, Teller <fc Co; Wheaton, Breon <fc Co ; J '
A Roeblln^'s Sons; Cal Bottling Co; A Paladinl ; A
£an : Dodge, sweenev & Co: G Canilllonid: Co;
JBlngn^Ha: Standard Oil Co : Sacr»m mo Fish
Co. Russ, Sanders & Co; Marshall & Beimers: W
Cine: M T Freitas it Co; HDu:ard; F Url 4 Co;
Brigham, Hoppe Co; De Bern anil A Co; McLeod
<£ Until: F B xlaight: Dodee, weenev A Co; J B
Short: WC Price A Co: Witzel A Baker; J Hoff
man: Bisslnger<& Co; Schweitzer <& Co: A Wyss;
Marshall, Testgart it Co ; Cahn, Nickelsburg it Co:
H N TUden iCo: Chas Montgomery & to; Kerns
>vi uiy co: Hills Bros: 11 Kircnmano A Co: fc, Ber
wick: H Meyer: HWaldecic: Western Meat Co:
j M Moore: WAV Montague & Co; P Uusmanl <&
Co.
Per Doric— A Brown <fc Sens; A C Robinson: A
Brandensteln <S Co; A m Manners: Blanco & J<rl-
Kueres : Blancbard.it Page; Bow hi Bros & Co:
Brown Bros it Co: China Japai Trading Co;
Calhoun, Koobiusi&Co: Canadian Bank of com
merce; Clay on it .Roc khi I ; C BRauss: Captain
Zallnski, D D Mutios: De Vail & Carrol; Us
"Hljos. F bonzales; Fitch A Ho* a:id ;F C Jen
nings <& co; i-earen & Daniel; G T Marsh A Co;
Hon<kon{ and Shanghai Bank: Hawley Bros: H
H'Bencer: Jeise L l.«-Jar?.o: J H Bod -n it to; Jar
din, Matbleson & Co: various Chi iese tinJ Japan
eie merchants; J t» Siecrried & Co; Kurtz, Stu
boeck & Co: L Lion it sons: L *» erth'iimer A Co:
Lazard Frers; Masle Bros; D Meyer; M J Bran
.densteln A Co; Fj Alvitrudo A Co; LLevy;Jß
Morgan A Co: Parrot A C:>: R B Bain: X H Mar
shall; W A J SloaneACo; Wintsr Asmlllie; Wm
l.olh.
For Lntr Shippinp liilflliprnre See fourteenth Paa*.
BANKS AND BANKERS.
G.KU3IAN SAVINGS ■& LOAN SOCIETY,
. 520 California St., S. K. .
Capital actually paid np In cash.... 91,000.000 00
Deposits Decemoer 31,. 1895 80,727,686 &9
Iteserve fund ■ 715.000 00
Guaranteed capital 1,1200,000 00
■ OFFlCERS— President, R. A. Becker: First
Vice- President, Edward Kruse; (second- Vice-
President, Daniel Meyer: Cashier, A. H. R.
Srninidt: Assistant Cashier. William Herrmann;
Secretary. George Tourney; Assistant Secretary,
A. 11. Mullen
' BOARD OF DIRECTORS— B. A. Becker, Ed-
ward Kruse. Daniel Meyer, H. Horetmann. Tgn.
Stelnhart, Nic. Van 'Bergen, iimil Rohte, 11. li.
Muss, D. N. Walter.
Attorney, W. S. Goodfellow.
JUDICIOUS INVESTMENTS
In STOCKS, BONDS or GRAIN are
1000 PER CENT.
more profitable than in other channels-
OUR SYNDICATE PLAN OF SPECULATION
affords large and small Investors the dual advan-
tages of saf-ty and rno-tt satisfactory returns on
sums ot $25 to $1000. Prospectus and Market
Letter mailed free.
SETTLEMENTS SEMI • MONTHLY-
' DeWOLP & CO., Bankers & Brokers,
Bank References. 50 Broadway, N. Y. City.
PARTICULARS FREE ON APPLICATION.
SAM. KELLER &. CO.,
BANKERS AND BROKERS,
44 Broadway and 45-47 New Street. New York.
Agenda in All Large Cities of the United States.
Nearly seventy p?r cent profit on our "Holiday
Conobi :atlon,"coverln: only tweniy-seveu days'
transactions: OVER EIGHT PER CENT weekly
on the investment for the past SIX Yi.ARS>. no
LOSSES EVER RECORDED. The safest and
most profitable system of investment known.
OCEAN TRAVEL;
COMPAGME GE mm TRAIfSATLASTIip
French Line to Kavra.
COMPANY'S PIER(XEW), 42 NORTH A**
\J River, foot of Morton st. Travelers by ■&£&&
this line avoid both transit by English railway an 1
the discomfort of crossing the channel in a small
boat. .Sew Yoric to Alexandria. Egypt, via Pan a
first class 9160. second class «116.
LA BOUROOGNE Feb. 20. sa. k.
LA CHAMPAGNE Feb. 27, 8:30 a. it
LA OASt'OOSE March .6 a it
LA HRETAUNF March 18, B*. x.
LA NORMA.VDIE Mann 10. 6a. IC.
49" tor further particulars apply to
A. FORGET, A gen
No. 3. Bowling Green, New Yorlc. ■
J. T. FUGAZI it CO., Agent* 6 Montgomery
•vsnue. San l-'iaacu-a
Shippers and
Buyers' Guide.
THE CALL endorses and
recommends - as thoroughly
reliable the Commission Mer-
chants appearing in this
column.
WOLF & SONS
General Commission Merchant*.
321-323 DAVIS STREET, S. F.
GARCIA & MAGQINI
Tropical, Green and Dried .
.Fruits and Nuts.
301-307 DRUMM STREET, S. F.
GEO. W. TINDAL CO.
General CommiHNion Merchants
And Wholesale Dealers in Fruits and
Produce-
-500-503 SAXSO-UE . STREET, S. F.
L. A. LARZELERE & CO.
Shipping; and Commission 31 -m chants.
Potatoes, Onions, Beans, Garlic.
MflUtuif and Bag«.
224-226 DAVIS ST., SAN FRANCISCO.
H. HECKMANN & CO.
WHOLhSALK |i1.\1.i..> IN
Dried Fruits, Produce, Poultry, Game
and Kgs».
4-00-4-O2 DAVIS aTREET, S. F.
L. SCATENA & CO.,
Po'e asent for the Southern California Iroil Ex-
change; dealer in Green and Dried Fruits, etc.
104-110 Washington st. '
Branch— l6-33 U'ashincton' Street. .
TROBOCK & BERGEN,
Cointn i««i<m Merchant*.
Wholesale Dealers- in Fruits ami Produce.
504-506 Skumoiiu? strt?« t, 8. F.
NASH & BOESSENEGKER,
Wholesale Dealers in Foreisn and Domestic
Fru'ts. Nuts. Produce. Poultry, Kggs, etc.
311-31."$ Washington St.. S. F.
JOHN DEMARTINI & CO.,
Wholesale Dealers In Foreign and Domestic
Fruits, Nuts. Prod uc?, etc.
315-317 Washington Street, S. F.
EVELETH & NASH,
Wholesale Dealers In . Foreign and Domestic
Fruits, Nuts, Produce, etc.
422 Front' street. S F.
D. E. ALLISON & CO.,
General Commission Merchants.
Green and Dried Fruits, Grain, Potatoes, Beans,
Produce, Wool, etc.
501-509 Front St., S F.
DALTON BROS ,
Green and Dried Fruits, Citrus Fruits, Produce
Poultry and Eggs.
317-319 Davis St., S. F.
MINAKER & WELBANKS
Wholesale Dealers in California and Oregon Fruit
ana Pro.luce. Kggs, Poultry, etc.
501-503 Sansoine Street, S. V.
GRAY & BARBIERI.
| Green and Dried Frnlti, Nuts. Poultry, Eggs.
Butter, Game, Potatoes and Beans.
305-309 vaahineton >treer, H. F-
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Plane coast_steasship co.
STEAMERS LEAVE BROADWAY Ajj.
wharf, San Francisco, as follows: "-iTr™
For Man- Island, Lorlnsf. Wrangel. Jnneau. Kll-
llsdoo and Sitka (Alaska), at. 9 a. m., Feb. 10, 25.
For Victoria and Vancouver (B. C), Port Town-
! send, Seattle, Tacoma. Everett, Aoacortes and
I New Wi.atrom (BellliiKham Bay, Wash.), 9a. il
Feb. 4. 10, 15, 20, '2b, and every tlfth day there-,
after, connecting at Vancouver with the C P. R.
E,, at Tacoma with N. P. It. R., at (Seattle with O.
N. Ky., at Port Townsend with Alaska steamers.
For eureka. Area a and Fields Landing (Hum-
boldt Bay), str. Pomona 2 p. m., Feb. 1, 5, 9, 13,
17. 21. 25, and every fourth day thereafter.
For Kama Cruz. Monterey. San Simeon, Cayucos,
I Port Harford (San Luis Übispo), Gavlota, Santa
! Barbara, Ventura, Hueueme, tan Pedro, East ban
i Pedro (Los Angeles) and Newport, at 9 a. it
Feb. 3, 7, 11, 15, 19. '23, 27, and ever/ fourta
' day thereafter. <
■ For San Diego, stopping only at Port Harrori
(San Luis Obispo), >anta Barbara, Fort Los Ad-
! feles. Aedondo (Los Angeles) and Newport.' 11
, a.m. Feb. 1, 5. 9, 13, 17, 21, 25, and every fourth
day thereafter.
I ■ For Ensenada, San Jose del Cabo. Mazatlan, Id
Paz and Guaymas (Mexico), steamer Orizaba, 10
A. M. 25th of each month.
i tie Company reserves the right to change with-
i out previous notice steamers, sailing dates and
I hours of sailing. Ticket office— Palace ' Hotel, 4
New Montgomery street. ■'.:■• ;
. UOOJDAUL-, PERKINS & CO., Genl Agents,
• ' * ' '10 Market «... Sun Vnnii-^ca
THE 6. CO.
DISPATCH FAbT STEAMEKS TO ...
PORTLAND
From fipear-street Wharf, at 10 a. if.
V A T> 17/ *l2 Flrat-class \' Including
17 xIXVXi I St) Second-class /berth & meals
SCHEDULE OF SAILINGS: . ."
George W. Elder ". Feb. 12, 23
State of California I Feb. 7, 17, 27
Through tickets and through baggage to all
Eastern poliiw. Bates and folders, upon appllc*-
lion to ,
F. F. CONNOR. General Agont.
. .f *;r 630 Market street.
GOODALL. PERKINS A CO.. Suporlnt^ndentt
PMBlRmiafl s.«. Australia roc
lEhHIL HONOLULU only.
[•K" 11 **"" Tuesday, February 33.
M■""• -. / at ap. M. Special party
— L*> rates,
j Tne "■ p alamkda
CyiUjllljlllU^ sails via HONOLULU
. /nITIRanZJU. and AUCKLAND tor
\yiipUlMp SYDNEY, Thursday.
■^90 March 4, at. 2 P. M.
Line toCOOLGARDIE, Aust.,and CAPETOWN
Bouth Africa. • -'',-•• ..
J. I). SPRECKKLS A BROS. CO, Agents.
114 Montgomery street.
" FrP'grtt "flic*!. 327 >!»rlc« <t.. San Krin-i.^
WHITE USE.
United States and Royal Mill Steamers
'" BITWEIS
New York, Queenstown & Liverpool,
saijlam; JKVKItI \>i^jt:K.
CABINf«W AND UPWARD, ACCORD- jm/gm^
\j Ing to steamer and accommodations fßtmgl
■ selected ; second cabin, 9 '2 50 and *1 / 60: Majestic
and Teutonic. Steerags Tickets from England, Ire-
land, Scotland, Sweden, Norway and Denmaric
through to San Francisco at lowest rates. Tickets,
•ailing dates and cabin plans may be procured
from w. H. AVERY, Pacific Mail Dock, or a: ilia
General Office of the Company, 613 Market stream
under UrtUMl Hotel. U. W. FLETCHER, .
General Agent lor Pacinc Coait.
STOCKTOtf STEAMERS
Leave Pier No. 3, Washington St*
At 6 P. M. Daily. Freight received up
to >:3> P. SI.
tO" Accommodations Reserved by Telephone
1 he only line smltniC through tickets and giving
through freight rates to all poin.s ou Valley
■ Railroad STEAMERS:
T. C. Walker, J. D. Peters, .
Mary Uarratt, City of Stockton.
" Telephone Main 805. Ctu. Nav. ai:d Impt.
FOIL YIILEJO AID U. S. IAYY-TABOL
ST£AM£K "MONTICELLO," '•
Dally ex. Saturday & Sun.. 10:30 a. m. and 4 p. i,
Saturdays "10:30 a. M.,-4 p. sc
Sundays .....Jr.*
Landing Misslon-stree- Dock, Pier 'i.
Telephone Black 261. .
»Trlp gives 6 houra »;uu at Navy-
FOR m [JOSE, LOS GATOS A SMTACRUZ
QJTKAMER ALVISO LEAVES PIER 1 MOV
Ouay. Wednesday. Friday, at 10 a. m. AI visa
1 uesday. Thursday, Saturday, at 3p. * vV«n,i»
and Passenger. Fare between San Francisco
Al viso, 60o; to Ban Jose, 75c. CUy au M
UU W. baiua Clara «u, tiaa Jom, *" *
2930
Wonders Seen
Through a Giant
Eye of Science
BF* HE close of the present century bills T
•£l''-- fair to substantiate the claims which
cT*fC/ have been piu forward by many
enthusiasts that it would mark a great era
of discoveries in the field of science. So
rapid are announcements now made of new
processes and applications of natural re- !
courses, of better understanding of nat- ;
ural laws and discoveries of nature's se- !
crets, that astonishment is almost sup- \
planted by bewilderment. All of the dis- i
coveries and inventions which have bene- j
fited mankind are latter-day productions,
and more than one-half of the total have
been made known to the world during the
past twenty-live year-. The marvelous |
operations of the telephone are no longer
mysterious, and yet its discovery only j
attains its legal majority of twenty- i
one years this present year. The \
transmission of visual images by electric j
energy is an established fact, now being
put into simpler practical shape for gen
eral use, and the application of the electric !
force to purposes of illumination is of !
about the same age. A curious feature
connected with the discoveries of the
past quarter of a century is the fact that >
in nearly all of them electricity plays :
some important par ; it is generally one of •.
the dominant factors in the discovery,
without which tne new affair could not
exist.
Next to electricity light forms one of the j
prominent constituents of the new dis
coveries. Whether in its application to ;
illumination or photography greater
strides toward the perfect knowledge has
been made with light and its manifesta
tions than with any other save electricity.
And yet, with the possession of all that |
THE GIANT REFLECTOR— A NEW EYE OF SCIENCE.
has been learned, we do not know the
actual difference between the two; no un
biased scientist would hazard any otber
statement save that they are different
manifestations of the same thing.
One of the applications of light, that of
pbotocraphy, has added to astronomical
science the most powerful ally it possesses.
It is the unseen but all-seeing eye of that
wonderful science. The photographic
camera sees r.nd imperishably fixes for the
deliberate gaze of man's inferior vision
that to which the human eye, even though
it oe aided by the moat powerful lenses, is
totally blind. Stars so minute that the
giant telescope crowning Mount Hamilton
fails to reveai their presence to the human
gazing intently at the end of the colossal
tube are seen with ease by the pho
tographic eye and their spectral images
indelibly fixed upon the sensitive plate.
As between the first ruda and weak
magnifying glass and the present teiescop3
there is a creat distance which has been
bridged over by very many improve
ments, each adding sorue valuable feature
to the make-up of the magnificent instru
ment with which the searchers of the tky
now seel: to unravel some of the countless
mysteiies of the sidereal heavens. But
with all the improvements, the modern
telescope is far from being a satisfactory
instrument. Two things are necessary in
a telescope— an ability to magnify ana an
ability to grasp light. The instrument
may have great magnifying powers and
yet be so deficient in light power as to
render the object it is pointed at invisible
for want of sufficient illumination. It is
the happy combining of these two quali
ties by a proper shaping of the lenses
which make famous a good glass. Th«re
is a limit, beyond which is only failure.
The light-gathering power of a telescope
may be pushed to great development, but
it is at the expense of the defining power;
while a lense ground to produce the great
est definition Joses light power. Thus,
unfortunately, telescopic aid is limited!
Man is unable to see all that he desires of
tne distant spheres which grace the mid
night sky. Recently photography has
come to his aid and has proved to be a
veritable "eye of science."
A photographic plaie exposed to the
sky reveals the presence of countless stars
winch are wholly invisible with the best
telescope. Man has ever been and ever
will be desirous of knowing all that can be
possibly known about the heavenly bodies.
The spectroscope in conjunction witu the
tele.-cope makes certain declarations con
cerning the physical constitution of ttie
stars, but frequently there has arisen
{trave doubts as to the accuracy of spec
troscopic evidence as applied to as
tronomy. The spectroscope declares that
there is neither water nor moisture nor
atmosphere upon the moon or Mars, whilo
competent and cautious observers who
have for long periods carefully studied
these bodies emphatically declare that
Mary, especially, has abundant water,
nioifcture and an atmosphere. The great
problem as to the habitabiluy of the stars,
the profound query. Are they inhabited?
mu-t find its answer through other me
diumship than that of the spectroscope.
Evidently, if it were possible to distinguish
an object on the surface of Mars say
twenty feet square, the solution of the
absorbing problem would be approxi
mately arrived at. Now the obstacle in
the way of seeing an object twenty feet
square upon the surface of the ruddy
planet is the hitherto impossibility of
constructing a telescope which would
magnify enough and at the same time
give sufficiently clear definition coupled
with abundant light.
It is believed that this great desidera
turn has been attained. Plans are now
completed for a telescope with photo
graphic attachment, which it is claimed
will accomplish the desired result. To
understand tue newly devised telescope
some little knowledge must be had of
lignt. In our common acquaintanceship
of light we are apt to conceive that light
is simply illumination and then dismiss
the subject from all further consideration.
In fact light is a very complex phenome
non. It is, so to speak, a bundle of rays,
some of which are bright and luminous,
and of course visible; others are non
luminous and therefore invisible, but are
just as much a portion of the whole visible
light as are any, and in fact without them
there would be no light. T:>ese invisible
rays, while inoperative on the retina of
tne human eye, are extremely powerful
in their action upon the photographic
plate. To illustrate: The interior of a
perfectly dark room may be photographed
in every detail without the presence of a
particle of visible light, provided that the
exposure of the photographic plate be con
tinued long enough. The construction of
the new telescope is based upon the de
ductions arrived at from this knowledge.
Telescopes are of two kinds, the "reflect
ing." which employ a largo concave re
flector from which is reflected the ob
served object to a small lense in the eye
piece, and "refracting" telescopes, which
use a large glass leuse called the "object
glass." The first kind give more light
than the latter. Tne latter give better
definition.
The new telescope will consist of a huge
refractor of metal, carefully ground to a
proper curve, and highly polished, and
from its great size will be constructed and
mounted in sections. When the pans are
assembled in place to form the complete
mirror it will measure 200 feet in diame
ter. To mount so gigantic an affair
would require frame work of enormous
dimensions, and besides, any improve- i
nient of the whole would be extremely j
difficult; certainly no delicacy of move- j
ment could be attained. The huge con
cave mirror is therefore held in place by a
framework of steel and bras«, so arranged
as to compensate for expansion and con- J
traction, and thus preserve ths symmetry
of the mirror under changes of tempera
ture. Tnis framework rests upon a tank,
or float which is supported in a pond or j
bacin of water. By this means stability
of equipoise is secured, the vibration of
the earth is reduced to a minimum, and
by a well-planned system of movable
weights, the mirror may be made to in
cline at a desired angle, or turn from one
point of the heavens to another.
The image reflected from this giant
speculum mirror is received at the prcper j
focus by the lenses of the eyepiece, which !
is situated 3000 feet distant from the sur- !
face of the mirror. This lengthy focal
distance is necessary for the purpose of
keeping the reflected rays as nearly par
allel as possible, so that distortion at the
focal point my be diminished to a mini
mum and a liner definition obtained than
would be possible should the rays converge
at the acute anelas.
Notwithstanding that our moon is called
a "dead" star and is supposed to have no
heat of its own, yet it reflects to us the
heat as well as the light of the sun, and
every stellar body sends some heat to the
earth. The concentrated rays of the huge
mirror used in the new telescope would
convey sufficient heat from the moon's
surface to destroy the eyesight of any ob
server who had the temerity to look into
the unprotected eyepiece. To remedy this
a translucent prism of rock salt is placed
in front of the eyepiece between it and the
big mirror, which absorbs the heat rays.
It. however, very materiilly dims the im
age of the object unler observation, and
when the telescope is used for photo
graphic purposes the salt prism is re
moved.
To satisfactorily observe a celestial ob
ject, as a star, the telescope must be made
to "follow the star," that is, it must be
made to move in a contrary direction to
that of the earth. In ordinary astronom
ical telescopes this is accomplished by a
clock, whose works connect with the tele
scope and keep it constantly pointed at
the object observed. But the giant re
flector is too large for this, and its gaze 13
therefore confined to.objects in the zenith
or close to it. Fortuuately, the rotation
of the earth upon her axis brings most of
the desirable heavenly objects to the
zenith at one time or the other. The huge
telescope here described is movable only
to a very slight degree, and used as an ob
servation instrument for the human eye
would prove unsatisfactory. But the pho
tographic eye is the one intended for its
saze. Photographic science has narrowed
down the length gf time of exposure nec
essary to produce a perfect negative to the
one-ten-thousandth part .of a second;
while the perfection attained in the pro
duction of p oiograph:c films makes it a
comparatively simple task to obtain a-pic
ture so inhnitesimally small as to require
the highest power microscope to make
visible to the human eye the photo
graDhed view, which is, however, com
plete and clear in every detail.
Used as intended, the giant reflector
will have no eyepiece, but in its place
will be a specially constructed photo
graphic camera, fitted with a system of
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 14, 1897
clockwork which rotates a long ribbon of
extremely sensitive tilm, and while in ope
ration opens and closes a shutter in f ron t|of
the him with a rapid motion. The sur
face of the film is adjusted at the exact
focal point of the hune mirror with such
dolicacy as to produce upon the film an
imaee no larger than the head of a pin.
The pictures thus taken may be, after
they are "fixed," enlarged Dy any of the
usual means to any desired size, so that it
is possible and practicable to depict upon
a screen from one of theie film-pictures
an exact image of an object on the surface
of Mars twenty feet square.
By a novel arrangement the rays re
flected from the great mirror are deprived
of their heat before they enter the camera
i by passing througli a metal cylinder of
! peculiar construction, whereby all heat is
! at once transformed into electrical energy,
i thus leaving the pure actinic rays alone to
I inannge upon the photographic film.
The revelations to be made by the use
I of this giant instrument are beyond con
ception. Questions that have for all lime
puzzled the brains of the most profound
thinkers and exhausted the inventive
genius of former inventors to devise the
mechanical means of solution may now
be solved. We may confidently hone to
definitely know whether or not our earth
is the only habited globe. The physical
j constitution of our sun and of the planets
I and stars will be better understood when
i we shall use this last devised instrument
of cyclopean vision. It is proposed to
erect the instrument upon some elevated
tableland bordering the Pacific Coast, for
the reason that a clearer atmosphere may
there be found — probably within easy
' reach of the Golden Gate.
P. M. Close, D. Sc
PIDWELL WILL NOT SUE.
Wit lnl r:«\v< Hi* Cage to Recover Butler's
Kffecta and Peace I -. Kestored.
The threatened legal erabroglio in the
federal courts over the effects of Murderer
Butler is off. Just at the time when it
seemed as if the joint power of the United
States, as represented by Henry S. Foote,
and her Majesty's Government, in the
person of Consul J. M. Warburton, would
be necessary to keep Marshal Baldwin in
posseßsion of the property the unexpected
happened. Attorney Pidwell withdrew
his replevin suit in the Justice's court, and
the row and its cause had both disap
penred.
Pid;vell appeared in the ofhee of the
United States District Attorney and de
murely presented Assistant Attorney Bert
iScnlessinger with a notice that he had de
cided not to press the action to recover
Butler's property further. Accompany
ing tbis was an official notice of with
drawal of the replevin suit. The word
was hurriedly passed to Marshal Bald
win's oilice and thence to the British
Consul. There were congratulations ull
around that a serious international
wrangle had been avoided. There was
tijose who said the clearing away of the
difficulty visibly affected the entire Fed
eral colony.
JOHN DALY IN DANGER.
He Will Have to Go to Jail ii
He Fails to Pay a Doc
tor's Bill.
Julee Coff y Is Tired of Having His
O.d rs in a Guardianship M it
ter Disobeyed.
Judge Coffey has issued a writ for the
I arrest of John Daly, guardian of his son
i James, because said guardian fails to pay
a bill of $170 due from the estate of the
minor to Dr. Frederick Bass for profes
sional services.
Young Daly was injured by a railroad
car and was given a verdict for $1500 dam
ages against the company. His father
collected the money, acting as his son's
guardian under the order of the Probate
Court. Dr. iiass attended the boy during
his illness, and thought his services in
saving the lad's life would ba worth at
least $170.
When Daly appeared in court to ex
plain his failure to pay the doctor's claim
he admitted that all the money was gone,
though the account showed that there
ought to be several hundred dollars on
hand. Thereupon he was directed to pay
the bill.
Attorney Cobb, representing Dr. Bass,
complained that Daly had ignored the
order of the court, so the Sheriff is di
rected to "attach the person of said John
Daly and commit him to prison unt.l he
shall have complied with the said order,
or be otherwise discharged according to
the order of the court."
Several years ago a similar case was taken
to the Supreme Court on a writ of habeas
corpus, the plea being that an attempt
was being made to put a man In jail for
debt. On behalf of the Probite Court it
was responded that this was not an action
in debt; that a guardian of an estate is an
officer of the court in every sense of the
word, and a« such i» subject to the court's
control in the disbursement of moneys re
ceived as Kunrdiac; that the court hud a
right to direct the payment of the moneys
according to the rights of the parties in
terested, end that in enforcing this order it
was the right o: the trial Judge to commit
delinquents for contempt of court.
Descendant* of the Revolution.
On Washington's birthday, at 3 p.m.. there
will be a meeting at Beethoven Hall o! the
members of Puerte ac Oro Chapter, Daughters
of the American Revolution, and there they
will entertain the members of the other local
chapters.
On the evening of that day the Sons of the
American Revolution will give a banquet in
tbe Occidental Hotel.
Fink half-tone printing by skilled men and
modern machinery. Myuell-RoUin*, 22 Clay.*
.jk^.^_° ALE B .fL.^..^_^^-_J_
I MUSLIN. TOWELING. PERCALES. | I DRESS SATEENS. BUTTONS. DARNERS. SHIRTWAISTS JL
t ■ pil s l £! a h ses ' OURUNCHTrtOT 10 a l^#¥ - WERE 10c VEST E"RnAY ss^'#Agss ENAMEL. ers - last^^o s style - «T>
"^ ODEI«,rRinF OUR 14 INCH T^TOT •.^htVSWS^wVSE' WERE 10c YESTERDAY FOR COATS. EXAMEL. HOUSEWORK "^
<? OUR 1-0 GRADE. OUR 14-LNCIi ,c LOT. THIS WEEK ONLY. VERY POPULAR. MIXED COLORS. THE 5c LOT. ANY IN THE LOT. *?
J SPECIAL SPECIAL SPECIAI, SPECIAL SPECIAL SPECIAL SPECIAL
O lARD. V YARD. 9 YAKD. I * YARD. 0 DOZEN. £ £ACH. £() EACH *§•
■<£ GLOVES. we buv for <f^F\ BLIMh i^^iiL^liJy^^ plush CAPES, f
Jg., REAL KID. PIQUE SEVEN . VV /yk A. yTYV >^V «/ Cv FVERYTHINQ bpit wivnmu *'lf
li. Koßjfisu. ANU S^ ggft&SJvvV r^\.- /^^C > X 3%%10! wmA W%&?-%Z A guaranteed and front. --r
•^ THJS WEEK ONLY. WE BUY FOR >A ffflftjl V\ >^gJ|P S^S^I «SaS^^ If AS PRICE -2-
{ or* "£% (M? THREEQ^^ sTocKs - rei --• SS-»«t
VV PAIR. MANUFAC- \N CORSETS— BLACK 000D5 '..£&* IFNOTRIOHT —
A. : — TURER. N^^^lS' "TO our thousands of readers let this Ad. be a 3' MONEY BACK. PIIDTAIUO '
*? *» , An —-, ■ addressed. We have only to make our an- till I Will O. ii.
*% GLOVES nouncetnent. We ask no favors, but solicit wwnininw. ?T
<p" MhwihWi unprejudiced comparison. FISHNET DESIGNS. j^L
i CELEBRATED BALSAM g -■» WH1 i T T E r OR ECRU.
I JI ST SPECIALS FROM 3 GREAT STOCKS 3f-|
4P SPECIAL ' " ' * Jjk ! PAIR •££*
I B9" m Black IjggfQg Corset l-S^Emb'd'y ==r^ |
l^sTK"^" Goods. Sale. |-S,«Week. IIS"! ,™ I
* „,*',„, '„ ®s«®s®««BJ^=!SasK LsMBiwsJIBRRWS'S «mMwo.. a9 gl^ffitfe y ff ""TeS^ *
* P I G? I kSd'tS?L ! TA. — ""^ _m» n =, refunded. jUHoa. v. u -.. T.il'V'JvEKk
* de S ihaK r^, A oe. LEADER THIS WEKK-We have SPECIAL PURCHASK-A big line _ country. SPECIAL .i
t DESIRABLE SHADE. taken our 75c Mobalr and our 75c Jac of Ladies 1 Corset*, bouclu at a • «3T
«S6. THE ENTIRE LINE. quanis (the greatest sellers at our Black sacrifice, covered with black 4 O%C &
I special Ooods counters) and marked them »pe- coutli, well boned, two side 35 C SWISS EMBROIDERY and cam- 3 c 10pai«. 2
•^ SPKCIAt C lhn li ,h rM i,^°' n Otta!gM steels, long waisted, silk atltcu- 00 brie edge. IVi Inches wide? B umj- 3 I U PAIR. £
T Eft 0 we bB h arU h r e o& B lo?h e °^ S Jra l n 9 . S P ecittl e^.' rior quaW* «ale price, f:. 8 ?.!" y?* —«V
1 OUVABD. cscopubuc. "Stfin £«KS ■ rac "Wg""- "«*,>«- 4 UNRFRWFAR IF?'
- ■■- OOC Yard. aide steels, .mbroidery edge on OU I an.i Hamburg edging. 1% to 3 4 UllUSlll If CM ft. A '
r .-.■_,, top. Hale's price.. . :..... Pair 1 inches wide. The entire 10t.... Vard v*
*'. NfITF DADFR BLACK English MOHAIR, a „ • CENTS'. *
+. lI U I L rHrtli. 88-Inch fancy mohair suiting, rrvC MALE'S PRIuE. kid flttln?. fine EMBROIDERY, same as above, re WOOL MIXED. V3»
„„ will wear like iron and always OU black sateen, ciojely bone.t. r^C H/ 2 to 3y 2 Inches wide, aupe- O BILK BOUND. ±T
I] 24 SHEETS AND 24 be stylish. Our sale price Yard long waist, silk stitched, our ID riorgrade. Sale price. Yard BOUGHT AT a SALE -! 3T
•*r ENVELOPES. l' rict Pair " .-•
£ SUPERIOR PAPER. BLACK ENGLISH MOHAIR, a _ _ rvßnninfnv .. .. TO-3IORBOW •s*s*
<&• "HALE'S' 1 BRAND heavy 41-inch fabric. every rat- r'C HALE'S DOLLAR CORSET, a i-MBROIDKRY our special lines  £
T? INBOX tern new. armure or crepe effect iO great value, kid fitting, line o« cambric. Hamburg and Swiss /-1C C S* C 4^
<& i;,/w^" grouno, very stylish. Sale price Yard W»cic sateen, long and ex ra ©-i .oo a 0 J rol^'i ltl8 l ; ri =* to 3V * lnchei V* « SI II ..,,.« »vt T
<g? PRICK ion; waisted, a comfort toanytjpi wide, bale price Yard W GARMENT j^
r\ m A < BLACK JACQL'ARD NOVELTY, on& Our price Pair *■*
"^ 111 a heavy twill, backgrounds sei «Vt«,«c EMBHOIDERY, up to 4 V* inches : i £3m-
»-; 111 BOX. oft tllß pretty mohair designs, fIAC HA it SSPKTIAL-- undre Is sold, wide, new, fresh stocks (every ■ /71C OTfl/M/ lllfl *"*
"fV 44-lnch, heavy, lirm, wearabe. t'VJ horn boned, sa;ccn covered. 4, 5 <£• 1 .50 '>"* wo aavertise U new and i•• Oil LlKlNliN. •'♦
t — Price .„ - Yard and B hooks, made toHtany«3ll— fresh). Bale price Yard »» I VWHIHUWi ***>
*&• form. A wonderful value at... Pair FANCY POTTO V &
% SOAP. U^fK^ l £ See our little-French Corset **Sl£££7. '&,&<&%£. 8? .oli^^^lop- f
X ..HALE'SWHITEROSE." Se'cV^-SV \^X^.%\™ *™ $ 1-50. For little people. burg. Theentireuneonaalea, Yard *
Tf 5-OUNCE CAKES. bale price Yard HALE . TWO-DoTT"* R RPR EMBROIDERIES. ai /3 to 6 Inches WE BOLuUT 1000 PAIR. g>
* 13 P RI A CK OX MOHAIR DE XIG-KT-oneofthe .^SiK^ Sft SS&^'ffiffiW 9° SJf? *
« Kfl setoff by a Baim K round.neat.^l . 2 o hooka noro boned, eveiy body's fiV p. ice we quote is a special one and 2B PAIR. A
_t hfl S .toffby a B at.n E round.neat.O-l— - hook* norn boned, every body's Z-_ Every p.ice we quote 1 8 a special one and ' fc% * PAIK '
"^ %IU BOX. stylish, rich, tale price Yard "vonte.... Pair every item is new. fresh stock. Most 01 the - j2L
m~ M . , ,. ...vnni"^ — ■. lines came in Saturday afternoon. " '^T
*:. ================. MOHAIR BROCIIK. as firm as a ALR V > i". A . VO , - has hnn- ■y ■ ' CTHPI/lUnO .5
I PERFUME $sr«ss? "«- " *i™»^ 1 - SH^ f^S T RO .S K JSS^"W« ln :^a^ STOCKINGS. *
rCnrUmC. pieceorgoods. Sale price* Yard . Vn'g laur' iS 9 ' 5 ° I "?«»'»»«» safe-Hamburg Sw!s?e^and • BLACK COTTON. #
4? A SPECIAL LOT OUR CELEBRAT^ 600 AL- aW.t.l!"?..:^...^'pS . gSfl^ Kundr.-a, or line, not men- AN ABSOLUTE REDUC- A
* S^S^fi al^^rerr^oVe^e 50 C SILK Tp^CIAL, ! % SxS£2 J5L O » 110 TI^O I T 5OC ' 5
Jti PRICK line or send for Price Yard BLACK MOI RK VKLOUR-21 inch-rednc- |to 8 iiich 15c Yard SPECIAL
t lO° SICILIAN CLOTH, 45-lnrh. hard. Sold Saturday 75c. Tomorrow 60c yard 4 to 10 inch ifi^vEd QQ C "^
* ISbottlk SBsasissißsaiss^Sb? ■?; : *S: ■•• si : b^ sis f :::::::^ I: da PAIK - *
. rich and handsome, saeprice Yarl " " 200. " »1.25 " 10 iu inch _> c Yaid
* TOOTH SOAP meet me : at ===:z::==: UNDERVESTS. 4
I CALLFOK-ABOMiric- | / [INCORPORATED] / f^ORPOrUTED] * (INCORPORATED). PDIK ' mY< . I
* callfor^romTtic- / CINCORPORATED) / fTWORPORATED] ' CINCOKPORATED). pink - g^mf GRAY " *
"^ prick 937-945 Market St., ao 7 qqq oil miplpt «TRPPT i 937-945 Market St., PKICK ' *
«f* 1C SAN FRANCISCO. »0^ *>tf, »41 ITIAIIKfcI {Si KLt J, SAX FRANCISCO. OI| C *£►
111 BOX. <•> FRISCO'S EUSIEST STORE. San FranciSCO. FRISCO'S EUSIEST STORE. & \JU GARMENT
FROM GREATER NEW YORK
Budget of Interesting NeWs and Qossip
About the California Golony ir\ the
Eastern Metropolis
MfiEW YORK. N. V.. Feb. 8.-"Roses
X red and violets blue, sugar is
\ sweet, and so are you!" Didn't we
just revel in those old-fashioned lines
years and years ago, when we were
tots and the wonderful St. Valentine's
Day was a day of expectancy ! Don't you
recall how you used to cratch for the post
man, or hurry down to the little postoffico
and wait for "your turn," when the dear
old St. Valentine's Day came alons?
Don't you remember how shaky your
youthful fingers seemed as you broke the
seal, or tore the envelope open — th» big
white envelope — all Dressed around the
edges with tiny forget-me-nots, roses ana
pansies; and oh, how your heart thumped
and drubbed against your ribs, and how
you glowed inwardly and outwardly when
you read those old, old lines: "Roses red
and violets blue, sugar is sweet and so are
you"; or perhaps it only said: "Be my
Valentine." And you would tiss the stiff
cardboard rapturously, and in your excite
ment fancy it was kissing; you in return,
ana then you would lovingly gaze at the
little artificial pink roses and green leaves
which nestled down in a lot of paper-lace,
and the two clasped hands, double hearts
and cooin : doves adorning the open-work
cird seemed to you to be symbolical of joy
and everlasting happiness.
On, weren't those perfect days? !
Wouldn't you ju?t love to have that same j
old sweet trustful and peaceful sensation
creep up through your being: now and
steal your weary senses for a day ? It's a |
pity that Valentine's day is losing its j
popularity and romance. It is because
we have a greater tendency to the practi
cal side of life, thereby excluding all
sentiment, and in our desire to progress
we are simply parting with all the poetry j
and idealism our souls arc capable of. It
isn't quite fair, is it?
When the Majestic steamed into port
last Tnursday it brought back to our
shores a number of Californians, who
nave been abroad for many months.
Amonc them were W. B. Bourn ana
Miss Maude C. Bourn who have
been "doing the Continent" and Brit
isli Isles. They will remain in New
York a month at least before continuing
ibeir journey bomewani. During their
stay they will make the Hotel Netfaerland
their home.
Mrs. L. Jesurum of Los Angeles arrived
on the Majestic Thur day and is registered
at t.e Hotel Netberland.
There area number of prominent Cali
fornlans permanently located at the big
bandsotue hotel** which face the Fifty
ninth street and Fifth avenue entrance to
Central Park.
Mrs. A Schwabacher of San Francisco is
visiting friends and enjoying the experi
ence of an Eistern winter.
Mrs. James Cunningham and children,
•who have been stopping at the Bucking
ham during the past few months, left last
Thursday for San Francisco. They will
•top at Detroit, Mich., en route and re
main a week visiting relatives.
J. W. Raphael will have a score of ex
BROS.
planation3 to make to a bunch of friends
here if he does not come back to town
within the week and make it all clear to
them. On Saturday afternoon, late, he
floated into the Manhattan Hotel, depos
ited his baggage on the marble desk and
registered his arrival in a big, bold hand.
None of his downtown friends knew of his
arrival that night, and on Monday when
they went up to his notei to rind him, be
hold, he had fled ! Tne word he left was
that "he was going upcountry on busi
ness and would return in a few days." Up
to last accounts the bunch of friends were
patiently waiting for his return to town
so they might give him a royal good wel
come and a happy time.
Mrs. Lucy MacDougall and R. L. Mac-
Doueall arrived from England on Thurs
day and h?.ve taken apartments for the
remainder of the winter at the Hotel
Netherland.
Mrs. W. J. Brodenck of Los Angeles
has but recently returned from a trip
abroad.
J. S, Webster is a guest at the Man
hattan.
Mrs. Edward H. Clark, a niece of Mrs.
Phoebe Hearst, is a permanent guest at
the Netherlands. Mrs. Hearst makes the
Hotel Netherland her home also when
ever she is in New York. About ten dnys
asro she returned to her residence in
Washington. D. C, where she entertains
so delightfully. Mrs. Hearst is a lady of
such rare ability and generous soul that
it is not strange she has a host of ad
mirers and is beloved by scores of true
and loyal friends.
W. P. Gaidiner of Los Aneeles reachea
the city on Thursday and registered at
the Waldorf.
Josiali W. Stanford of San Francisco is
at the Holland, and expects to remain in
the city for some time.
E. M. Bray of San Francisco is a new
arrival.
Hon. W. F. Goad, accompanied by his
two lovely daughters, Miss Genevieve* and
Miss Aileen, registered at the Hotel Wal
dorf on Friday morning. Their journey
through from th« sunny slopes of Cali
fornia to the ice-bound rivers and valleys
of these Eastern States was pleasant and
uneventful.
Mr. Goad declares that he and bis
daughters are on a pleasure trip, in every
sense of the word, and that they came to
New York during the winter months just
to get a taste of zero weather and experi
ence winter sports. Mr. Goad's son, W.
F. Qoad Jr., is in bis senior year at St.
Pau;'s School, Concord, N. H., and after
a visit to dim and a few weeks in New
York enjoying the opera and theaters,
Mr. Goad and the Misses Goad will travel
down to New Orleans In time to witness
the grand Mardi Gras festival. It is quite
settled that W. F. Goad Jr. will enter Har
vard next year. His ambitions and in
clinations are to follow in the footsteps of
his successful and worthy father.
Mrs. John M. Cunningham, widow of
the late John M. Cunningham, is per
manently located at the Savoy. Her three
children are in excellent health, and ahe
I • HALE BROS.
may not return to California until late in
the spring.
William G. Henshaw of Oakland hurried
through town on Monday.
B. Hart and John A. Britton are guests
at the Imperial.
Not many people know that Joseph R.
Grismer, the successful manager and
actor, is a poet. He has written a num
ber of very pretty things, and here is a
verse that serves as a tribute to California ;
it was written by him in a young lady's '
album, but I hardly think be will care if
I appropriate them here:
Here's Co the sun-kissed plain
Where the missions sleep,
And the tangled Mils
Where the wild vines creep
The snow-capped peaks
Where the storm-clouds lovvce
An I the recessed dales
Where the redwoods tower.
The word-picture is complete, ana the
verse would adorn a valentine.
They say that spring is near, perhaps it
is, but violets are a dollar a bunch just
the same and the bunches are small, too,
about the size you buy on Market and
Kearny streets for 10 cents a bunch. 1
was looking over a letter the other day,
written by a youn-: Bostonese who was vis
itine Ualitornia. She was expatiating on
the climate, ttc, and ended up this wise:
"And, oh, Edith dear, you ought to see
my room this moment; it i<* a perfect
bower of lovely flowers. Entre nous,
dear, if flowers were as cheap at home we
would feel insulted unless a man sent us a
whole cartload." Mercenary Bostonese!
Trella. Foltz Toland.
34 Park Row.
CONGRESS TO AID INDIA.
W. W. Clark Receives a Wel
come Telegram From Senator
P rkins.
A 1 Charitable Societies Will Be
Askid to Tak Part in the
Work of R-H f.
The following telegram regarding the
worK of relief for Uie starving and plaj»ue
stricken districts of India was received
from Senator Perkins yesterday by W. W.
Clark of the Chamber of Commerce:
71. W. dark, Chamber of Commerce. San Fran-
Cisco: A rt-soiut.ou Ims unanimously passed
the benate authorizing the Secretary of the
JNavy to transport supplies donated for the re
lict of the sutterlns: people ot India. The dele
gation will urge the passage of the resolution
t>y the House of Representatives.
Geokge C. Perkins.
XMs is most welcome news to those who
have labored so a-siduously in the work
raw ro-DAT.
Successors to HIR>'CH & KAUX,
333 Kearny street,
Optical Goods I Photo Supplies,
WILL REMOVE MARCH Ist
To No. 7 Kearny Street,
Opposite Chronicle Building.
USEQUAtED FACILITIES FOR THE
PKOPEK FITTING OF GLASSES.
Best Equipped Optical Store on the
Pacific Coast.
-„-, -,-),_, ,_,,_,__ HALE BROS.
of charity ever since the mass-meeting
was held in the rooms of the Chamber of
Commerce. Tney will now work with
greater en rgy than ever before.
The Christian Endeavorers will be peti
tioned to take this movement up and
carry it along actively. All social, chari
table and benevolent organizations, i:i
fact will bo asked to join in the work of
relief.
The Berkeley committee has decided
to give a $500 piano to the society Becur
ing the most subscriptions. It is now on
exhibition by F. K. Shattuck, the presi
dent of the Commercial Bank of Berkeley.
The average-sized spool for sewing
thread is 2 inches high and 1% inches in
diameter at the ends. A spool of thread
means nbout 2<X> yards.
NEW TO-DAY.
(yvTrsmrs TrsTnTsmnrvs tnnnnnr
1° II 3
£ fl 1 3 Hill A H
I Tf] Comforts 1
IE Mi AT LOW 1
I PRICES. 3
I This Tasty 3
g Dining Chair, a
£ B pi BUACbDAKM, oj
I I 7SO I
C DAINTY CENTER TABLE 500 =>
S 150 Odd Parlor Pieces, loft over from 5
C, broken sets, Divans, Kookers. Kusy °
C »nd Reception Chairs from — Si. oo up °
(X - Handsome Brass-mounted Knam- _
I U eled led 85.85 °
£ 4-Room Outfit, complete Parlor, Din- 3
lo ing room. Bedroom, Kitchen. . .*73. 00 o
» A3" Visit Our Carpet Department. 3
C Cash or Easy Povm-nM- City or Country. ° k
£ M. FRIEDMAN & CO. §
j »° (Occupying 7 immense floors), *>\
g 233 235237 POST STREET o
C (Near Stockton). ®
g 130-132131 MCRTOJ STREET. %
Jo OPEN EVENINGS. 3
ZSLSLSULSLSLSLSUISLSISJLSISUISISLSI^^
MSMllMySsk. uu * lin I Lu
ON— —
drugs, perfumery,
patest medicines, rubber goods,
toilet articles,
foewisesasd liquors,
high-grade CIGARS.
DO YOU SMOKE?
It's Expensive, But Here's a Snap: %A \
Belmonts, IS^e size cut to lm '
La Rosa. l'2Vacsir.e ....cut to 103
Sanchez & Hay a. l^i/jjC 5ize............. cut to 103
Kl Telegrapho, 12»/ 3 c size ...........;.. ..cut to 100
General Arthur, iOc straight cut to 3 for '-23a
General Burnslde, 10c straight cut to 3 for -'33
Figaro. 5c 5traight...... .......:..;.. CIU t0 6 for 2JJ
KiugJi, Ocs.raight ......cut to lor jjj
RETAIL AT WHOLESALE PRICES.