VOLUME LXXXI.— NO. 154.
HORRORS OF THE
GREEK RETREAT
FROM EPIRUS
Blunders Committed During
V the Disorderly Scramble
to Arta.
PACKED MASSES STUMBLE TO A
PLACE OE SAFETY.
Turks Continue to Advance Toward the
Historical Plain of Pharsala, Where
a Decisive Battle May Be
Fought To-Day.
LONDON, Esq., May 2.— Belated special
accounts of the retreat of tne Greeks on
Thursday to Arta reveal inexplicable neg
lect in not re-enforcing the hard-pressed
front lines, although there was an abund
ance of men and guns within easy dis- j
tance.*- While the Turks maintained a
vigorous fusillade some of the Greek guns j
which were well placed were unaccount
ably silent and eventually withdrawn.
The Evzones or mountaineers made a good ',
stand, firing steadily and effectively until !
ordered to retire. When they left their j
-positions it was with groans of disgust, i
Other troops left their posts without i
orders.
The retreat occurred under cover of the
darkness and the rouio was along perilous
mountain paths into the highway leading
to Arta, where it proceeded in utter con
■fusion. A packed mass of troops stumbled
. along sullenly and silently without hurry
ing. There was no apparent excitement,
- only a stubborn resolve not to face the
_.*.-. and i.ie mass moved back toward
Arta like a sluggish, it resistible wave.
Officers were utterly powerless to control
the men. Scared inhabitants of villages
along the route mingled with the troops.
Thousands of men, women and children
carrying chattels and driving immense
numbers of cattle, sheep and goats joined
.- the retreating army until the road was
blocked with a rolling mass of terror
- .stricken creatures.
"The cries of parents who had lost chil
,*; dren and children who had lost parents i
.- added to the confusion, while the glare of :
; their burning homes which the Turks
•were firing behind them served to remind
■•■ the poor people that all they had was lost. '
*.',Arta bridge was reached at 2:30 o'clock in j
•the- morning. Hete there was a great !
blockade of artillery, cavalry, infantry, i
... -villagers and animals, but the mass slowly j
*. .filtered across until by dawn there were I
no Greeks on the Turkish side of the
'.. river.
•; Thus a division numbering 11,000 men
•* with forty guns who had successfully es
•*.* tabiished themselves in the enemy's coun- !
.try abandoned their position in a reason- ,
• less panic and made their way back to
•the place whence they started to invade \
J Turkish territory.
A special dispatch to the Times from
:.*.. Pharsala dated to-day says there are !
. about 30,000 Greek troops in and about i
'-•"the city. They have sixty guns. Infor
mation regarding the Turks is scanty, but i
they are probably advancing from Trik- ,
Map Showing the Lines of MarcH of Caesar and Pompey From Dyrrachium to Pharsalia*
The San Francisco Call.
I kala. The Greeks aro inactive and their ;
■ positions are weak.
A dispatch from Athens confirms the I
: reports of a Turkish repulse at Velestino.
General Smolentz, commander at that
i place, is now regarded as the hero of the
campaign. A foreign officer who wit
j nessed the affair estimates that the Turks
numbered 2000 and the Greeks 8000. He
: doubts whether it was intended as a seri
i ous effort to turn the Greek position. The
1 same officer stales that the Turks are
i steadily advancing on Pharsala, where he
believes a decisive conflict will occur,
! either to-morrow or Tuesday.
Another officer who witnessed the re
i pulse of the Turks at Velestino says the
J Turkish cavalrymen who made the attack
' were mounted on mere ponies. They rode
; close to the Greek lines, fired and then
retired with a loss of thirty men. The
i Greek cavalry pursued them. It is re
's ported they captured nine men and nine
j teen horses. The. retreat of the Greeks
from Epirus remains a mystery. The en
tire Greek loss in that province is esti
mated at 200 killed or wounded.
ATHENS, Greece, May The general
expectation that a decisive battle would
be fought to-day at Pharsala created in
tense anxiety. Groups gathered in the
streets and animatedly discussed the ex
pected combat, but no attack upon the
Greek positions was made by the Turks.
Colonel Tsamavo*. the new Minister of
War, and Theotakis. Minister of the In
terior, arrived at Pharsala at noon and
reviewed the troops, whose morale is now
described as excellent.
Although the Greeks maintained their
position at Velestino they suffered serious
losses. It is reported that the Turks,
when retreating from Velestino, burned
several villages. It is estimated the value
of provisions and war material captured
by the Turks thus far in the campaign is
4,500,000 drachmas (about $900,000).
The deep irritation against members of
the royal family continues. Diplomats
! here held a protracted conference to-day.
| It is believed they discussed the question
; of sending notes to their respective Gov-
I ernments in reference to mediation.
A dispatch from Arta announces that
the Greer force under Colonel Manos,
which recently retired to Arta from Pente
pigadia and Phillipiada, has again ad
vanced into EDiru«, reoccupying Philli
piada. The Turks are strongly entrenched
along the road to Janina, the capital of
the province.
Bozzaris' brigade of Irregular troops left
SANJ3i4gCISCO, MONDAY MORNING, MAY .'3, 1897.
VIEW OF TRIKERI AT THE ENTRANCE TO THE GULF OF VOLO.
On the right as you pass from Trikeri Channel into the mouth of the Gulf of Volo is a rocky promontory which extends north and south about eight miles. At the
lower end nestled on the slope of the bill at the concave end of a horseshoe-shaped bay is the little town of Volo. Above it on the summit of the hill is a large chateau *
commanding a view of the Gulf of Volo to the north, Trikeri Channel and the iEgean Sea to the east and Oreas Channel and Cape Slauros to the west. On the south
eastern end of the point is the Greek fortress erected since 1881, which commands the entrance to the gulf and the approaches thereto from both east and west. To the
left in the distance is Halmyro Point and the expanse of Volo beyond the point of view is from the hills southeast of the town.
to-night for Epirus, Unusual attention
was attracted to them by the fact that
their standard-bearer is a 17-year-old girl
named Helen Constantinide, daughter of
a local dentist. As the brigade passed
through the streets the girl marched
proudly at its head bearing the Grecian
standard. Crowds along the line enthu
siastically cheered the girl, whom they
compared to Joan of Arc.
She wears the same uniform as the men,
and is a good shot. She declares she does
not fear death, and will fight in the front
rank. Her brother accompanies her.
CONSTANTINOPLE, Turkey. May 2,—
It is officially announced that the Turks
: have recaptured Louros, in Epirus, fifteen
miles southwest of Pentepigadia.
Saad Eddin Pasha, recently appointed
commander of the Turkish army in
Epirus, replacing Ahmed Hafiz Pasha, ar
rived at Janina with eieht battalions of
troops Thursday. Eighteen battalions
are expected to arrive Friday. When
they arrive tho Turk**, will , assume tho
offensive.
PILLAGE AND MASSACRE.
Moslems Seem Determined to
Slaughter All Defenseless
Christians In Turkey.
ATHENS, Greece, May 2.— Reports
reaching here show the Turkish soldiery,
though checked by officers in the towns,
are committing hideous atrocities in the
rural districts of Thessaly.
The Albanian troops at Zarkos, about
twenty miles west of Larissa, have massa
cred several inhabitants of that place.
Others would doubtless have been killed
had it not been for the officers who inter
vened.
The Albanians seemed determined to
massacre all the Christians in the place,
and the officers had much difficulty in
rescuing the residents.
The bulk of the population of Thessaly
is so badly frightened at the prospect of
encountering the Turks that they are
fleeing to the mountains. It is evident
from the clothing found upon the Turks
killed in several attacks upon Velestino
and from articles found on their bodien
that there was much pillaging when the
Moslems took Larissa.
The work of equipping the volunteers
and reservists, large numbers of whom
have been in the city considerable timo
waiting to be sent to the front, is now pro
ceeding rapidly. Squads have already
been dispatched to join the forces in
Thessaly.
A dispatch from Volo states the Turks
have evacuated Karditza, about thirty
miles northwest of Pharsala, and the
Greeks have reoccupied that town.
SALISBURY'S PLAN FAILS.
Owing- to the Opposition of Russia
and Germany a Conference at
Paris Is Abandoned.
PARIS, France, May 2.— lt is semi-offi
cially stated that the preliminaries in ref
erence to Salisbury's proppsal for holding
an international conference on the East
ern question which have been proceeding
for several days have now been aban
doned.
LONDON. EM., May 2.— Tbe Daily
News' Berlin dispatch ascribes the failure
of Salisbury's plan to hold a conference
in Paris to the opposition of Germany
and Russia, both of wbich insist upon
Greece evacuating Crete and upon her re
questing the mediation of the powers to
bring about an end of the war. , '■yj'Jjrj
ON PHARSAUA'S FIELD.
The Great Battle for Supremacy
Waged Between Caesar and
■ Pompey. *;;'-• ',
Again the famous field of Pharsalia
seems about to become the scene of an
important and may be decisive contest.
Lying as it does in the center of the
Greeks' new and best line of defense on the
main road from Larissa to Athens, Edhem
Pasha must of necessity reduce it before
advancing further south.
Many times from its first appearance on
the page of history (B. C. 480) to the be
ginning of our era was Pharsalia (now
Pharsala) the scene of contests and sieges
more or less noted, but all of them dwindle
to mere historical incidents in comparison
with the great battle between Caesar and
Pompey, June 29, 48 B. C, which finds
place in history as one of the twelve most
important contests the world has known
in point of results— which gave to one
man the practical if not nominal control
of the mighty Roman empire.
The administration of affairs of the
Roman world had gradually been taken
into the hands of a triumvirate, composed
of Orassr.s, Pompey and Ctesar, who, di
viding the countries controlled by Rome
between themselves, managed each his
own dominion independently of the oth
ers and really of the Senate, which was
largely composed of the creatures and
tools of the three.
The death of Crassus in battle with the
Parthians, June 53, B. CL, put an end to
the triumvirate and precipitated the con
test for the sole control between Pompey
and Caesar. 'V-'S**.?-;--.--*.'-:'
Pompey was in Rome and Caesar at Ra
venna, 240 miles away, where he had
passed the winter. -Backed by the aristo
cratic party, Pompey sought to strip
Caesar of what power he already had by
taking away his legions and finally put
ting himself at the head of the troops on
: band and by raising fresh leves, pre
; pared to march against him.
. On receipt of the news Caesar was quick
to act. He called the Thirteenth Legion
from Tergeste (Trieste) to Ravenna, and
with it crossed the Rubicon, the boundary
of his province, on the night of December
16. 50 B. C, civil war had begun. Leav
ing Rome unmolested he pushed on down
the Adriatic coast, gaining city after city
and recruits, until he had Pompey and
his followers shut up in Brundisium
(Brindisi). Unable to withstand Caesar
in Italy Pompey crossed over to Epirus
sending Scipio to ; Syria* to raise fresh
troops. This was in February, 49 B.C.
Caesar did not immediately , follow, but
turned to the reduction of .Pompey's
power in Spain, Italy and Africa. He re
turned to Brundisium; (Brindisi) Novem
ber 17, 49 B. C, and on the 28th set sail
with seven small legions and 600 horse for
Epirus, leaving Antony to follow with the
rest. He landed at Pa teste (Paliassa), a
short distance north of Corfu, on the 29; h,
and the same day marched over the high
mountains to Oricum and thence to Ap^
palonia (Avlona), and on December 2
headed for Dyrrachium (Durazzo), near
which Pompey lay, the most important
point on the coast, at the terminus of the
paved road, the Via Egnaiia from the
east," via J Therma or Thessalonica
(Salonika) to Italy. Effecting a junction
with Antony, who had followed him over
landine north of "Dyrrachium, he sent de
tachments under Longinus and Sabienus
to' Thessaly and iEtolia '.for forage, and
Domitius by the Via Egnatia, into Mace
donia, to head off Scipio, who, recalled
from Syria by Pompey •! on Caesar's .'first
landing in Epirus, ' was advancing west
from Thessalonica. 4i Engaging twice at
Dyrrachium, winning the first ana being
badly beaten in the second battle,
Ctcsar decided to move over into Thes
saly and there concentrating all his forces
hazard battle again. Getting a good start
before Pompey was aware of his move he
gained ApDollonia, and after a short stay
there started June 1 for Thessaly. March
ing up the Aous (Vovousa) River, north
of the present city of Janina, he crossed
the main chain of the Pindus Mountains
by way of the present town of Metzovo
and Zygos Pass, and striking tbe head
waters of the Peneus by the same route,
by which the insurgents recently invaded
Macedonia, followed that stream down to
Eginium at the bead of tbe Thessalian
Plain, near the present town of Kalabak,
the terminus of the railroad from Volo
and Trikkala. Reaching there June 7, he
was joined a week later by Domltius, who,
after some passages nt arms with Scipio
on the Haliacmon (Kara-su) and a nar
row escape from Pompey, had come over
the Khas-ia Mountains by Velemisti and
Meteora. Starting from Eginium on June
15, leaving Tricca (Trikkala) to his left, be
advanced leisurely across the broad and
fertile plains, recruiting his ranks and,
strengthening the physique and morale cf
his men, by the rich cities of Gam phi
(Gilunthi) which he captured by assault,
Metropolis (Karditza) and Pyrgos, which
successively submitted, to the Eastern end
of the Thessalian. Plain, and went into
camp on the left bank of the Enipeus
River just north of Pnarsalia to rest his
troops and await Pom pey, who was ap
proaching Lirissa. Having beaten Cai3ar
at Durrachium Pompey could have
crossed back over to Italy and regained it
to his side. He decided, however, to join
Scipio, follow Cassar and destroy his army
before he could rehabilitate it in strength
and tone. After pursuing directly for
four days, he turned from Asparagium up
the Apsus (Skumbia) River, and striking
the Via Egnatia, proceeded on to Heraclea
(Mouastir), where, learning that Scipio
had gone south toward Thessaly, he also
turned in the same direction, and pro
ceeding by way of Servia and Eiassona,
joined bis lieutenant at Larissa June 21,
where the latter had been for a week.
Resting his men a lew days, he pro
ceeded to find Caesar, having been led to
believe that victory would be certain for
him. He was abundantly justified in this
belief, as be had nearly it not quite two to
one both of legionaries and auxiliaries,
and 7000 horse to Caesar's 1000. Marching
south from Larissa across the plateau,
he approached Pharsalia from the
east and pitched bis camp on the
foothills of Karadja Ahmet, near the
south bank of the river Enipeus, five miles
from Caesar's,- a very strong position,
which he proceeded to further strengthen
with castellan or small stone forts on his
left and rear. He hoped to induce Cae-ar
to attack him here on the 'slope with the
river on one flank and the hills on the
other. Caesar had no such intention. He
wanted to brine Pompey to battle, but not
on his own chosen ground. Day after day
he led out his men and set them in array,
advancing each time nearer to the foot of
the slope, - where Pompey persistently
stayed. Finally, when about to despair of
getting battle on even ground his oppor
tunity came. ) .
Pompey's friends demanded a battle
and under tbis pressure, on the morning
of June 29, he came down from the slope
and took position oh the plain about half
way between the two camps. }>iv*j
His legions were drawn ,up in three
lines, the right resting on the bank of the
river, which was very steep and protected
by. 600 cavalry from Pontus, while his left
touched the rising ground on the other
side of the narrow plain. On the elope it
self, was posted the main body of his
horse. According, to Caesar there , were
BATTLEFIELD OF PHARSALIA.
45,000 men in the three lines and ten deep.
The cavalry, light troops and auxiliaries
added fully one-half to this number.
Porap-y himself took his post with his
left wing.
The lines extended across the bed of the
Phetsaiilis River, which at this season of
the year was dry.
C*_3ar's whole force numbered 30,000
men, 22,000 of whom were legionaries.
Leaving two legions to guard the camp, he
drew up the rest in three lines, covering
the whole of Pompey's front, and placed
his small body of horse on his right facing
Pompey's.
He took his own post with the Tenth
Legion, just opposite his rivaL These
arrays were 300 feet apart and near the
present railroad station, northeast of the
present town of Pharsala.
After viewing the disposition of the
troops Caesar saw that his chief danger
lay from Pompey's cavalry on his own
right, which so far outnumbered his own,
and hastily withdrawing from each legion
a choice cohort, he made up a fourth line,
which he placed behind his horse and
told them of bis purpose ingoing so. ; On
this move and Aha f manner of attack the
fate of the .battle finally turned. Pom
pey's men were confident of success, while
Caesar's were determined to win or die.
It was usual to join battle by both sides
advancing toward each other. Pompey
made the mistake of Keeping his men still
inline. Caesar well knew the advantage,
both moral and physical, of striking a sta
tionary foe with the impetus of a charge,
and ordered . a rapid advance. At the
word his men rushed forward with eager
ness, paused midway for a moment to
catch breath and then advanced again.
Casting their javelins they drew their
swords and rushed on the enemy, who
met them sturdily and bravely. At the
moment of this meeting of the legion ar
rays, Pompey's cavalry, followed by the
archers and slingers, had been hurled
against Caesar's small body of horse.
Weight told, and the latter were forced
back and finally broke.
Pompey's. men, believing that victory
was in their grasp, began to' move off in
small bodies to get in the rear of Caesar's
line. Here Caesar's foresight saved him
the day. At . his command that fourth
line, made up at . the last moment, ad
vanced to meet the enemy's horse. These
soon broke and fled ; then, cutting to pieces
the body of slingers and archers, the line
wheeled against Jhe left and rear of Pom
pey's main line while they were locked in
contest with those in their front.
The end was at band. Caesar flung his
third or reserve line forward, the others
making way for them, and with one charge
Pompey's line was destroyed. Caesar lost
200 men, while 15,000 of Pompey's soldiers
were left dead on the field. Pompey fled
to his camp, as did most of his men.
Caesar followed up at once and soon cap
tured it., Pompey mounted his horse and
fled with a small escort to Larissa, and
thence by the Vale of Tompe up the coast
to Thissalonika. ' Pharsalia was won and
the world was Caesar's.
Note— Where the ancient names of localities
have undergone a change the modern name is
given in parenthesis.
KIXO VJF til AM HOX' COMIXi.
So th* Aniarican officials A««d* Act
Worry * About His Jieeeption.
NEW YORK, N. V., May 2.— Siamese
Consul-General Smith received to-day
from London a cablegram in reply to a
letter asking whet her the King of Siam
would visit the United States at this time
according to the published reports, taking
the Pacific ocean route home. The cable
gram leads: * : !.""
Yours received. Cable reports incorrect.
The King is unable to visit America at this
time. A letter posted for you on the 27th of
April.
Kienddha, Acting Siamese Minister.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
CUBANS
ARE YET
DEFIANT
Weyler's Reports as to
, Pacification Are
Untrue.
INSURGENTS FIGHTING
NEAR HAVANA.
General Castillo Gives a Most
Interesting Statement of
His Campaign.
'
FIERCE CONFLICTS IN WHICH
SPANIARDS LOST.
Dol Rey. Who Was So Badly Beaten
by Garcia, Will Be Sent
Back to Spain.
HAVANA, Cuba, May 2.— General Wey
ler left to-night to assume charge of mili
tary operations in Santa Clara province.
General Adolol Castillo, a prominent
Cuban leader of Havana province, makes
the following signed statement:
•"The mendacity of Weyler's report
about tho pacification of Havana and
Pinar del Rio provinces is evident, be
cause since March the revolution in these
provinces has been stronger than ever. I
can certify to the operations of the
forces under my immediate command.
March 4 I took by force the
important town of Guines in Havana
province. I remained there with many
troops six hour and paraded through the
streets. May 8 I took also by force of
arms the . town of Bejucal in the same
province. As in Guines I retired only
after my soldiers had provided themselves
with all kinds of goods and all the ammu
nition in the town. In both places 1
severely punished our enemies and spies
in the service of Spain.
"On March 12 I captured a valuable
Spanish convoy.' Six big carts loaded
with ammunition fell into our hands.
March 2-8 my cavalry fought the Spanish
cavalry near Guines. The Spanish regi
ments of Pizzaro and Vill a osa, 1000
men each, were routed by my 700 cavalry
men.
"At the first shock twenty-two Spaniards
were killed and seven made prisoners.
Our losses were six killed and fifteen
wounded. Then the Spaniards fled in
disorder, and pursuing them we killed
some thirty more.
'•On April 1, obeying orders from Gen
eral Rodriguez, I passed over to Pinar del
Rio province. At El Brei jo we had a
a terrible encounter with a Span
ish column. I was told in the column
was our captured leader, General Rivera.
I ordered the charge with machetes in
order to come to hand to hand fighting.
General Rivera was not there, but the
result of the action was the Spanish lost a
lieutenant-colonel, a major, leader of the
vanguard, and a captain, besides some
hundreds of soldiers.
"On April 3, near Mariel, |I narrowly
escaped b-ing captured. With a small
detachment of my forces I was reconnoi
tering the outposts of that town, when I
fell into ambush. A Spanish soldier col
lared me, but I had time to stab him with
szrw to-oat:
SgnMflT \jS_WesE9 *' ons aTe J? 000 -* an< i
Rlff-j" achievement. Bod-
( 4_\ VEsiff-3*^ many young men
'.': the future seemd
brightest and fullest of promise ! They are
taken away by the disease which causes
over one -sixth of all the deaths in the
world disease which doctors call con-
sumption. Consumption has been consid-
ered incurable, and the medical profession
has never made a greater take than this.
There is absolutely no reason in the world
why consumption should be fatal— why it
should be even serious. It is a disease of
the blood, and can be cured absolutely and
always by purifying and enriching the
blood. The only exception to this is the
case where the disease has been neglected
and improperly treated until it is stronger
than the body— until the body has become
60 weak as to have lost the ability to recu-
perate. Dr. Pierces Golden Medical Dis-
covery will cure 98 per cent, of all cases of
consumption if used according to direc-
tions. It also cures all lingering coughs,
bronchial and throat affections. There
is no reason why the child of consump-
tive parents ' need ever have consump-
tion if its blood and lungs are strength-
ened by the proper use of the " Discov-
ery." All who: have any reason to feat
consumption, should read the chapters on
that disease in Dr." Pierces Common Sense
Medical Adviser. This great medical work
of 1008 * pages, profusely illustrated, has
reached a sale of over 680,000 copies. It
will be sent free of charge on receipt of M
one-cent stamps to cover cost of mailing
only. : World's I Dispensary Medical Asa**
■4**»9S--. 663 Main Street, Buffalo,. N. W__ _ ,2
a small knife. He fell dead, and I ran,
followed by more than fifty Spaniards.
But my men came to the rescue, and the
Spanish fled. I returned and put fire to
one of their forts from which the force in
ambush had come. The garrison, after a
short resistance, abandoned the fort, leav
ing fifty dead.
"Since that day until this time, April
25, I have been in Havana province again
and my troops are constantly fighting.
Fights occur daily also between the Span
ish forces and Cubans under General
Rodriguez and Colonels Nester Aranguren
and Raoul Aranjro. But notwithstanding
all that has occurred in March and April,
Weyler declares that Havana is pacified.
We are still in the field to prove he lies."
Near gaDCti Bpiritas the column of Gen
eral Aldave had an engagement yesterday
with insurgents under General Francisco
Carriilo. The fight lasted five hours and
the Spaniards retreated.
The exact number of losses is not
known, but it is said Aldave's column
had more than eighty killed.
General Nicolas Del Rey, who was re
called from Santiago de Cuba province by
Weyler on account of General Garcia's
victory over him at Guamo, arrived yes
terday. Rey replied in strong terms to
Weyler, sending him a tart communica
tion before leaving Santiago de Cuba.
General Key will probably return to Spain
"on account of his health."
It is generally believed that even the
sham reforms granted by Spain will be
modified before Weyler attempts to en-
force them.
DR. ZERIVCHA'S ARREST.
General Weyler Orders the Insurgent
to De Deported.
NEW YORK, N. V., May 2.— The Jour
nal's copyrighted special from Havana
says: Dr. Zertucha was arrested in his
home near Guines yesterday ana brought
to Havana under close guard. He is now
in the military prison in the fortress of
La Cabanas, opposite the city. It is un
derstood at the palace that Weyler this
morning ordered his deportment to Chaf
arinas Island, a Spanish penal station off
the African coast.
- Dr. Zertucha was formerly chief surgeon
of the insurgent forces in Pinar del Rio
and the personal physician of General Ma
ceo until the Matter's death at Punta
Brava. He surrendered to the Spanish
after Maceo was killed. The Cubans de
clared he betrayed Maceo into the Span
iards' hands. His rearrest now and pro
posed deportation have created wide
spread astonishment.
Calhoun WUI Confer.
WASHINGTON, D. C, May 2.— Hon.
W. J. Calhoun, selected by the President
to investigate the Ruiz murder, will ar
rive at Washington to-morrow night and
confer with the State Department officials
before proceeding to Havana. It is his in
tention to leave Washington for Cuba on
Thursday or Friday of the present week.
TREASURER BART LEY'S THEFTS.
Nebraska Will Sue the Omaha National
Bank to Recover the Sum of
$201,884 05.
OMAHA, Nebr., May 2.— The State will
sue the Omaha National Bank for $201,
--83-105, this being the amount of money
paid defaulting State Treasurer J. S. Bart
ley on the now celebrated sinking fund
warrant. The papers in the case are
being prepared by Attorney - General
Smyth and will be filed as soon as they
can be completed. The filing of this suit
will mark the culmination of one of the
most sensational features in the exposure
of the defalcations in the State Treasurer's
office while it was administered by J. S.
Bartley.
Up to March 20 of the present year it
was popularly supposed that Bartley's
trouble was due entirely to the weakened
condition of the Nebraska banks with
which he had deposited public funds.
Bartley evaded a prompt settlement with
his successor on the plea that if he drew
his funds from the banks in which they
were deposited the banks would be forced
to suspend, and thus hundreds of private
business men in all parts of Nebraska
would be forced to the wall and a wide
spread panic precipi ated upon the State.
Then the truth became public. He was
short $.500,000. Nearly one-half of this
was in a warrant sold to the Chemical Na
tional Bank of New York through the
Omaha National Bank. Attorney-General
Smyth contends, on the part of the State,
that the warrant was illegally drawn, that
it bore an illegal rate of interest and that
the Omaha National Bank had no right
to pay it out of the funds belonging to the
State, although a check for the amount
bearing Bartley's signature was duly pre
sented. Hence suit is to be brought to
recover the amount.
ADMITTED TO HARVARD.
.After a Seven Years' Fight Mary Lydia
Leggett Will Enter the Divinity
School.
BOSTON. Mass., May 2.— After a seven
years' fight Harvard University has given
way to a woman, a Western preacher, and
has just decided to admit her to the di
vinity school.
Mary Lydia Leggett of Topeka, Kan.,
has the distinction of being the first
.woman to take the divinity course at
Harvard. As a Unitarian minister she is
well known in many parts of the West.
Sue was assistant pastor at Topeka and
built a church at Beatrice. Her present
charge is the Congregational Unitarian
at Dighton, Mass., about an hour from
Boston.
By making weekly trips from Cambridge
to her parish she will fulfill the pastorate
duties in the pulpit and otherwise while
pursuing her studies. It has been a long,
brave tight for her rights which is now re
warded by her admission which has just
ben attained by a special vote of the fac
ulty, and was a big surprise. She is still
debarred from homiletics. however.
In response to the question whether she
is finally admitted to all the instruction
desired, Miss Leggett answered in the
negative. She takes her half loaf grate
fully, and aided as far as possible by Dean
Everett scrambles about in the bashes
seeking the homiietics.
S'ocklnn Defeats Sacramento.
STOCKTON, Cal., May 2.— The Sacra
mento baseball players arrived in Stock
ton this forenoon with the idea that they
had victory in their hands. They soon
■ learned that the Stockton players knew
how to play ball, for they went back to
the Capital city with but one tally to their
credit, while the boys from the mill city
romped over the bases about as they
pleased and piled up fifteen runs. In bat
ting the Sacramento balltossers were
" never in it, while the Stockton men
-.knocked the ball all over the field. The
runs by innings were as follows: -
Stocktons 1 0 4 3 2 113 0-15
". Base s 0 0 3 •_• 3 2 1 0 o—ll
.fc***cramentoa....O 0 0 000 1-00—1
-Ua«e_its 0 10 UOO 100-2
ABOUT TO REPORT
THE TARIFF BILL
Senate Sub-Committee
Ready to Submit
Its Work.
The Democrats to Be Given
Time to Consider the
Measure.
Jones of Nevada Holds the Key to
the Situation and Ie With
the Republicans.
WASHINGTON, D. C, May 2.—Sena
tor Jones of Nevada, the Populist mem
ber of the Committee onJFinance.has been
in consultation all day with old-time Re
publican associates who are members of
tho sub-committee engaged in revising
the Dingley tariff bill. The sub-committee
was in session at a late hour to-night, and
apparently nothing now stands in the
way of their intention to report the bill
to the full committee next Tuesday.
The revised bill has been printed and
could be reported to-morrow, but as Piatt
of Connecticut, a member of the sub
committee, will not return from his wed
ding trip until to-morrow night, action
will be postponed until his arrival.
Senator Jones is a Republican still, so
far as his tariff views are concerned, and
owing to the peculiar personnel of the
Finance Committee he holds the key to
the situation.
The sub-committee now feels assured
that the Democrats will not insist upon
delaying the bill in committee, even if
able to do so, and its programme provides
for reporting the bill to the Senate next
Thursday. The Republicans will accede
to the request of the Democrats for time
to consider the bill, and it will not be
called up for consideration in the Senate
for about a fortnight after it is placed on
the calendar.
The present intention of the Republi
cans is to move to take up the bill in the
Senate on Monday, May 17, and they are
hopeful that the Democrats will find the
intervening time sufficient lor considering
the measure.
There have been some important
changes in the various schedules during
the past few days, including a slight in
crease in some grades of wools and fruits,
and also some changes in the sugar sched
ule. As a whole the bill, when finally re
ported, will provide for a decided reduc
tion in rates as fixed in the measure
passed by the House.
FLOOD OF FOREIGN GOODS.
Enormous Increase in the Importation
of Free-List Article*.
WASHINGTON, D. C, May 2. — The
treasury figures for the month just ended
confirm Chairman Dingley's statement
made to The Call correspondent a few
days ago, that there is likely to be nearly
a year's supply of foreign goods in the
country when the new tariff goes into
effect.
While the retroactive clause, so called,
of the Dingley bill probably prevented
some of the new contracts which would
have been made and the new orders which
would have been given, it did not re
due? the amount of goods brought in
during April as compared with the pre
ceding month. That clause of the bill
provided that the new rates of duty
should apply to all goods coming in after
April 1 which had been purchased prior
to tbat date.
This, of course, permitted all goods con
tracted for or ordered prior to April 1 to
come in under Wilson-law rates, and also
left it largely in the hands of the import
ers to indicate by their own statements
whether goods coming in after April 1
bad been purchased or ordered prior to
that date.
Some of the importers have also clung
to the belief that this feature of the bill
would fail to pass the Senate, especially in
view of recent publications so indicating,
while still others have chosen to take the
risKs upon being required to pay the extra
duty in case this feature of the bill should
become a law.
The result of these conditions is that
the April importations have been phe
nomenally large —as large, indeed, as
those of the month preceding, and larger
than those of any other month since the
Wilson law began to pour forth its flood
of foreign goods into the country. The
importations of foreign goods during the
month of April will foot up a total of
probably $80,000,000 in value.
The following figures indicate the hot
haste with which foreign manufacturers
and home importers have filled tbe ware
houses of the United States: The total
importations in August, 1596, amounted
to less than $50,000,000. In December
they amounted to $59,000,000, and in
April, just ended, $80,000,000.
While the increase has been especially
noticeable by reason of the increase in
customs receipts the growth has been
even greater than is shown because of the
fact that importers have naturally in
creased their orders for goods now on the
free list which they had reason to believe
will be placed upon the dutiable list under
the now law.
There has been an enormous increase in
the importation of articles upon the free
list The importation of non-dutiable ar
ticles in August, 1896, amounted to $20,
--000,000, ano in April last $45,000,000.
That the election ofa Republican Presi
dent and Congress proved a signal for in
stant activity on the part of the import
ers and for immediate preparations for
flooding the country with foreign goods
before the new law could go into effect is
shown not alone by the above figures, but
by the increase in customs receipts.
The growth in these since the month in
which President McKinley was elected has
been remarkable. In November, 1896, the
customs receipts were $10,000,000, and in
April, just ended, they amounted to $23.
--000,000, or an increase of more than 100
per cent. '
WARRIORS CRY FOR QUARTER.
Reg to Be Relieved From Ihe Duty of
Ciurt-Slartlaling Women.
ATLANTA, Ga., May The army
officers constituting the military court
which has been trying Captain Romeyn
at Fort McPherson will be sunt home as
soon as their duties connected with that
inquiry are over. They will not be re
quired to participate in the general inves
tigation of affairs at the barracks that the
War Department contemplates. The
members of the court urgently begged the
War Department to relieve them from
their present unpleasant duties, pleading
that the charges and counter-charces
to hold them at Fort
which threatened
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, MAY 3, 1897.
McPherson were not such as should be
tried before a jury of military men. They
say they don't believe it to be their duty
to court-martial women, which they have
virtually been doing in the Roracyn-
O'Brien-Bamford case. They assert that
the condition of affairs at the garrison
cannot be remedied by military inquiry.
In view of their departure tho future of
the charges preferred against O'Brien,
Bamford and others is problematical.
AMERICA HAS A GORILLA.
Ths First One Ever Brought to This
Country io Be Placed in tho
Eos on Zoo.
BOSTON, Mass., May 2 —There arrived
here to-day from England, aboard the
Cunarder Pavonia, the first gorilla ever
brought alive to the New World. Skeptics
may smile at this, so to prove the accuracy
of the statement a few words by W. T.
Hornaday of New York, the highest
zoological authority in America, may be
quoted. Writing to Mr. Edwards, the
brother of the man who brought the ani
mal over, Mr. Hornaday says: "Thus far,
during all its sixty-seven years of exist
ence, the London Zoo has had just two
gorrillas, one in 1887 and one in 1896.
There has never been one landed alive on
this side."
The animal was placed in the Boston
Zoo. The gorilla is a youngling. He is
not very tali, perhaps two feet when he
stands up, but, he is almost as broad as he
is high, that is bis forte— breadth. His
bands are small and well made; hi 3 legs
are short and all muscles. Unlike the
baboon, he has no tail; he is enveloped in
a well-fitting coat of soft black fur.
It is a remarkable head, the most human
easily, judged by the shape, ever shown
by a wild animal. Its contour is strikingly
childlike. The brow is low and broad and
deeply wrinkled. The mouth and chin
are well formed. The eyes are large, soft,
brilliant and black. He is stunted, pudgy,
black-skinned, shaggy — the double of a
veritable Georgian backwoods pickaninny.
TURFMEN AT THE SHORT END.
The American Trotting Association Grieves
Over Spalding's Infatuation for
His Typewriter.
CHICAGO, 111., M iy 2.— The American
Trotting Association is among the public
institutions of the West which have cause
to mourn over the infatuation of Spald
ing, the defaulting banker, for his type
writer, Sarah Ervin. Spalding was treas
urer of the Western League of Track Man
agers, and is reported to have had the
custody of $25,000 or $30,000 belonging to
the association at the time of the collapse
of the Globe Savings Bank. Action has
been begun against the bondsmen of
Spalding to recover $31,000, but it is feared
little if anything will be recovered.
Spalding is not a horseman and is not
identified with the American Trotting As
sociation except as custodian of its funds.
It is said that his election as treasurer was
due to the fact that he was president of
the bank at which the association had
been in the habit of doing business.
Edward Hayes, who owned a half in
terest in Alix (2:035.0. queen of the trot
ting turf, was formerly vice-president of
the Globe bank, while his partner, Morris
J. Jones, was a director o! the American
Trotting Association. Hayes thus be
came treasurer of the trotting association,
but left the bank and resigned the treas
urership two or three years ago. When
he did so Spalding, president of the bank,
was chosen to succeed him. A large part
of the lost funds is said to be accumulated
profits. It is not believed that the asso
ciation will be embarrassed on account of
this financial complication.
A DIFFEREST STORY.
What the World Correspondent Says of
the Situation.
NEW YORK, N. V., May 3.— The World
prints a Washington dispatch differing
radically from all other reports. The cor
respondent says that the sub-committee,
alter an all-Sunday session, has concluded
that the tariff schedules it had in mind,
which were lower than those of the Ding
ley or McKinley bills, will not produce
sufficient revenue during the first year or
eighteen months to pay the expenses of
the Government.
The correspondent continues: "As Sen
ators Aldrich, Allison and Piatt are
strongly opposed to prohibitive rates they
have been forced to consider new sources
of revenue. It will, therefore, amaze the
whole country to-morrow when it learns
that these distinguished Republican pro
tectionists are considering a tax on those
articles of universal consumption which
all free-traders consider the surest sources
of revenue tea and coffee— together with
an increased tax on tobacco and beer."
The correspondent then, without giving
any authority for his statements, declares
that the committee intends to raise $30,
--000.000 additional revenue on beer, while
the tax on tea and coffee is expected to
raise $30,000,000 more. "The sub-commit
tee," the article continues, "has also con
sidered an increase of tobacco taxes,
equivalent to $14,000,000, making $74,000,
--000 in all."
EVERY BOER WILL BATTLE.
Views of the Postmaster- General of the
South African Republic.
NEW YORK, N. V., May 2.—Postmas
ter-General Van Alphen of the South Af
rican republic is here to attend the inter
national postal congress. He said to-day
the Boers would go to every extreme to
avoid war with England, but if attacked
would fight hard. He said the Uitlanders
had nothing to complain of.
On the contrary, the extravagances and
vices they had introduced in the country
had justly offended the Boers, whose
youths are being corrupted by foreigners
of dissipated habits. The Uitlanders' out
cry about a lack of suffrage be denied as
hypocritical, because they repeatedly re
fused to secure it by forswearing alle
giance to other countries. They wanted
the Transvaal mines only. He said the
whole Transvaal's population of 80,000
would rise to defend the country if neces
sary.
SOUTBEBX SOCIETY SHOCKED.
Colonel Buck Consents to Attend a Re-
eeption tiiren by the Negroes.
ATLANTA, Ga., May 2.— Colonel Al
fred Buck, the new Minister to Japan, has
shocked Southern society by accepting a
reception from the negroes. The colonel
has long been a Republican leader of the
State. Since * the Senate confirmed his
nomination the business men of Atlanta
without regard to party have honored him
with a banquet, and the Daughters of the
American Revolution have given a recep
tion to Mrs. Buck. .
Last week the negroes of the State ten
dered the colonel a reception in .the big
gest building they could; find' and the
colonel has 'accepted.*,: The reception will
be held to-morrow night. Polite society
throughout the State will not recover un
til the colonel is well on his way across
the Pacific. *
Type are slightly less than I inch in '
length. , j
WENT OUT IN A
BLAZE OF GLORY
Brilliant Close of the
Fourth Woman's
Congress.
Professor Jordan Cleverly Tells
a Few Truths About
"Misery."
Miss Eliza Keith Weaves Personal
Experiences Into a Striking
Paper.
The fourth annual meeting of the
Woman's Congress is a thing of the past.
The closing session was held las t evening
and was a fitting end in point of bril
liancy. intellect and attendance for the
great truths promulgated and the success
it achieved.
All the great and shining lights that
had contributed to the success of the con
gress—with, of course, the exception of
the white-eowned and turbaned Hindoo
youth— were assembled on the stage,
seated on either side of their dignified
president, Mrs. John F. Swift.
Miss Ray Frank was the first speaker of
the evening. She began her able address
by neatly complimenting the ladies for
the good work they had accomplished and
for the many practical things made pos- j
sible by the discussion of the excellent j
paners read.
Miss Frank's paper was a strong plea
that filial love and devotion bei not swal
lowed up in these times of too much
education.
Among other things, Miss Frank said:
Two theories are held regarding the moral
nature of man. One is that morality Is of di
vine birth ; the other that our ancestors found
it ezpedient in the best, to retain certain
characteristics because they had found them
to b3 the best. In all the discussion during
this convention each one has dwelt upon the
Importance of this element that makes and
unmakes us— the mora! element. In exempli
fication there is that od and trite sayimr. a
nation is no greater than its morality. The
average man gives the average strength of the
nation. If this be so it certainly behooves us
to learn what is the average strength of this
great American Nation.
If knowledge made ono wise we would not
be in need of reformers. Only one thing
counts, and that is the moral thought— the
moral thought that gives birth to obedience
and reverence to the law.
Miss Keith followed Miss Frank, sum
ming up in a brilliant paper her knowl
edge of children as gleaned from many
years' experience in the public schools.
Miss Keith looks upon our public schools
as the nursery of this great American
Nation.
Among other things Miss Keith said:
The child who says, "I won't; you can't make
me," is already an anarchist and a menace to
law and order. Who says "please" to a refrac
tory pupil? Incorrigible pupils should be
weeded out, even If the school's enrollment
and the principal's salary shrink at the same
time.
Mothers should talk with their sons as well
as with their dauehters. The moral education
■should begin in the nursery. Save your boys.
It is a dangerous doctrine that says the boy
can go to the devil and return and be wel
comed back into the fold.
Miss Keith closed her paper with a
glowing description of the' patriotism of
the * üblic school children.
Mme. Montford filled in the brief recess
between Miss Keith's paper and Professor
Jordan's address with many anecdotes of
her life in the far-off Orient. At the same
time she took exception to a suggestion
from Miss Keith that the sexes in the
schools be separated, contending that this
separation of the sexes was the ruin of
tbe Orient.
Professor Jordan's brilliant paper, a few
truths about "Misery," brought the ses
sion to a close. Among other things Pro
fessor Jordan said:
I am going to talk for a little while about
misery— nature's protest against nature's de
generation. Misery is pain so constant and
steady tbat it is always present ...->'.-■
Let us separate misery from borrow. Sorrow
relates to some one else; misery is all to your
self. Sorrow is sacred. Misery is at once a
symptom, a cause and effect of nature's de
generation.
Nearly ail the causes of misery come from
mistake in the pursuit of happiness. Happi
ness comes in tno first place tn the exercise of
the functions; the following out ol impulses.
Happiness may be looked upon as nature's
bribe to do the thing we have to do.
Genuine pleasure gives strength. But any
form of unearned happiness is sure to bring in
its train unbounded misery and depression. If
one would live as he ought to live he would
never have any blue days, but he wquld have
the pleasures of living.
During the evening Mrs. Lovell White
read the following resolutions which were
unanimously adopted:
The Woman's Congress desires to express its
appreciation of the co-operation of all who
have contributed to the success of its fourth
annual meeting. It is therefore
Resolved. That the Woman's Congress Asso
ciation of the Pacific Coast is indebted to the
speaker* who have so earnestly presented the
subject of education and carried out the pro
gramme of the congress of 1897, and to those
who have been so ready to take part in the
discussion— to the friends of former congresses
and to the strangers in our midst; and
further
Resolved, That we owe a special debt of
gratitude to the president of Stanford Univer
sity for his generous co-operation with the
programme committee In the naming of
speakers and for his hearty efforts to promote
the interests of the congress.
Resolved, That the Woman's Congress is
again indebted to the press for Its generous re
ports of the congress, lor the spreading abroad
the good things presented and the giving to
aosent members and to earnest men and
women throughout the length and breadth of
the coast a full and graphic account of its pro
ceedings.
Resolved, That the gratitude of the Woman's
Congress be again expressed to Major Hooper
and those associated witb him in tne manage
ment of the Occidental Hotel for the many
favors extended to the executive board and
that «o tender our sincere thanks for their
gracious hospitality and our cordial reception
at any and all times during the lour years
which have each brought forth a Woman's
Congress. ■-,■■*,■>.
Resolved, That this congress is also indebted
to the Southern Pacific and Union Pacific Rail
road Company for courtesies extended to its
Eastern guests and that due appreciation of
such co-operation be expressed to the officers
of the company.
Resolved, That we hereby express our appre
ciation and tender our sincere thanks to all
who have contributed to the decoration of
this, hall, to the Commissioners of Golden
Gate Park, the teachers and pupils of the pub
lic schools lor their floral gifts and to the
ladles who have given their time and labor in
assisting the committee •on decoration
throughout the week in beautifying the plat
form. ; ■_ _ _ _
Resolved, That the manager of Golden Gate
Hall be heartily thanked for the courtesies ex
tended to the members and . guests of the
Woman's Congress Association. '
Resolved. That the executive board Is indebted
to the earnest men and women who have
thronged this hall during the past week for the
Interest and eager. iess with which they have
received the message ot the fourth annual
session of the Woman's Congress. fC.'-s -_- tr
ENDEAVOKEES' MEETING.
The Last Mas* Convention Before Our
Guests Come in July.
, The Christian Endeavor mass conven
tion to. be held on Thursday evening,
May 6, in the First Congregational Church,
gives promise of being the largest gather
ing held in this City.
This will be the last local mass conven
tion before tbe international gathering of
Endeavorers in July, and it is the purpose
of the committee on arrangements to make
it .typical Christian Endeavor Conven-
tion. There will be speakers from this
City, Oakiand and Sacramento, songs by
the Endeavorers as a body and solos and
quartets by special singers, and the rally
will close with a consecration service led
by tne Rev. Henry N. Hoyt of Sacramento.
It will be on this occasion that the '97
convention reception committee, under
the direction of Chan man A. S. Johnson,
will do its first practical reception work.
Several of the members of the commit
tee will be on hand at 7:30 and extend- a
cordial welcome to all who attend, thus
giving the Endeavorers a practical lesson
on how to receive the thousands who will
visit the City during, the international
gathering. All the members of the re
ception committee will wear white caps,
which will distinguish them during tue
convention week.
A cither '97 committee to do active ser
vice on this occasion will be the usher
committee.
Dr. R. L. Rigdon, the chairman, has
a new plan for seating large delegations,
and it is his intention to give it a practi
cal trial on that evening.
The mass-convention will commence
promptly at 7:45, and after a few songs
prayer will be offered by Rev. George C.
Adams, D.D., pastor of the First Congre
gational Church. A. J. Todd, vice-pre i
dent of Golden Gate Union, will then read
the lesson. The Philomel quartet— Mrs.
Eva Tennev, Mrs. Susie Hert-Mark, Mrs.
Etta B. Blanchard and Mrs. Emilie
Parent will sing a selection.
A few minutes will be given to hearing
the reports of the corresponding and re
cording secretaries and the treasurer's re
ports, and then an address will be made
by James S. Webster, vice-chairman of
the '97 committee on the '97 convention.
"Practical Consecration" is the subj ct
selected by the Rev. R. F. Coyle, D.D.,
and he will in a brief twenty-minute ad
dress talk on this important sui jeet with
especial reierence to the international
gathering and the work connected wit.i it.
Mrs. Susie Hert-Mark, who has been so
long known among the Endeavorers as
the sweet singer of California, will then
sing a solo. Rev. H. N. Hoyt of Sacra
mento has been selected to lead the con
vention service, which will conclude the
exercises.
The decorations for the evening will be
in the convention colors, purple and gold,
and will oe in coarse of a local committee,
of which Miss L. A. Hofmann is chair
man.
The local committee on arrangements is
as follow.-): Chairman, Mr. Syraond ;
usher, S. J. Harrison; advertising, A. E.
Skillicocfl; decorations, Miss L. A. HoI«
maun. * • ~J
The following are member^ ol the union
committee: James F. Mason, Robert
Cleland, Miss Susie Ward, Miss I. M.
Clayton and Miss Boyce.
FEATHERED THEIR NESTS.
Hew Two Thieving War Department Offi-
cials Under Cleveland Were Caught
by Lamont.
WASHINGTON, D. C, May 2 —During
the last few months of Cleveland's ad
ministration Joseph B. Doe, Assistant
Secretary of War, held a sinecure, and
people are just beginning to find out the
reason.
He was deprived of all authority, not
allowed to issue any orders or sign any
but routine mail, and dii not perform any
other function of his cffice^ He was not
even permitted to issue requisitions. La
mont assumed all the labor and responsi
bility that had formerly been done by the
assistant except such as could ba in
trusted to bis chief clerk.
The extraordinary circumstances were
known by the employes, but the reasons
were not understood. There was also
considerable comment concerning the un
usual act of President McKinley in accept
ing Doe's resignation before the selection
of his successor.
It is customary for assistant secretaries
to hold over until new members of the
cabinet have familiarized themselves
with the duties of their offices, and in all
departments except the war and navy
some of the Cleveland officials are still re
tained. But Doe's resignation was ac
cepted at once. This was due to a hint
from Lamont. ■■"'.
As early as he was able to find time Sec
retary Alger began an investigation of the
official conduct of Doe, but Boon discov
ered that Lamont had anticipated him,
and the only result of his inquiries was
the dismissal of Richard J. Whitton, who
was brought to Washington by Doe and
served as his private secretary for two
years.
Whitton was then transferred to the
supply division, and as soon as h*-** had
familiarized himself with the duties of
the office he was promoted to be chief of
the division in place of Captain Thorpe,
an old soldier wbo had held office for a
quarter of a century. There were no
charges against Thorpe and no complaint
of bis official conduct. "
He was simply forced out by Doe to
make a place for Whitton with the ul
terior object soon to be disclosed. Whit
ton's duties were to buy the supplies of
the department and disburse the appro
priations, except the payroll.
Shortly after he came in Whitton en
deavored to secure the dismissal of David
Cranmer, another old soldier, who had
been storekeeper for the department for
many years, and had the custody of the
supplies; but the conspiracy was de
feated by Colonel Ainsworth, chief of the
war records division.
About & year ago Doe began to issue
orders to the division of supply and other
branches of the department that caused
considerable gossip among the clerks and
to make requisitions for articles for per
sonal use which had not before been pur*
chased from the public funds.
He continued to do so during the fre
quent absence of Lamont until after the
election in November, when that sort of
business became so active as to attract
general attention, and within a few weeks
this gossip reached the ears of the head of
tbe department. 'JJJJ'.'
Lamont at once called before him the
clerks in the supply division, the store
keeper and other officials, and secured
statements which caused him to require
Doe and Whitton to make restitution to
the amount of nearly $1000 in cash and to
surrender to the department a consider
able amount ***/ property which in La
mont' opinion belonged to the Govern
ment.
It was disclosed, for example, that in
the absence of the Secretary of War Doe
had ordered two bicycles, one for himself
and one for Whitton, wnich were returned
to tbe department and are now stored in
the basement.
The ofliciai photographer of the depart
ment testified that he had made two sets
of prints, about 1000 in number, from
negatives purchased by Congress some
years ago from Brady, the cele
brated war photographer, and George K.
Jenvy, in charge of the "department
bindery, testified that he had mount*
these prints and bound thorn in hand
some Russia leather albums at the ex
pense of the Governmet A. K. Johnson,
the department carpenter, testified that
he had been employed several weeks
under orders of Doe in making packing
for furniture and other articles which
were shipped "deadhead" to Janesville,
Wis., Doe's home.
: Lamont himself accidentally discovered
one day in the carpenter's room' a large
chest, sealed and addressed to Doe.; When
opened by his orders it was found to con
tain a large quantity of fine stationery,
sufficient to last Doe the rest 'of his life,
which had been packed by the storekeeper
on Wanton's requisition. , *■ , • -
NEW TO-DAY. _^^__^_—v^~~»
ANOPEN LETTER
.-- To MOTHERS. \
KWE ARE ASSERTING IN THE COURTS OUR RIGHT TO THE
EXCLUSIVE USE OF THE WORD "CASTORIA," AND
"PITCHER'S CASTORIA," AS OUR TRADE MARK.
/, DR. SAMUEL PITCHER, of Hyannis, Massachusetts,
was the originator of "PITCHER'S CASTORIA," the sama
that has borne and does now //tr , *°~ on every
bear the fac-simile signature of Q^tX/yfi^uc^c^ wrapper.
This is the original " PITCHER'S CASTORIA" which has been
used in the homes of the mothers of America for over thirty
years. LOOK CAREFULLY at the wrapper and see that it is
the kind you have always bought, y*f /fr -■— on thn
and has the signature of C&a&)f/<£tfc&4£ wrap-
per. No one has authority from me to use my name except
The Centaur Company of which Chas. H. Fletcher is
President. Li J • X
March 8, 1897. qJL~~/. &t&jL*~***atPs
Do x Not Be Deceived.
Do not endanger the life of your child by accepting
a cheap substitute which some druggist may offer you
(because he makes a few more pennies on it), the in-
gredients of which even he does not know.
"The Kind You Have Always Bought" '
BEARS THE FAC-SIMILE SIGNATURE OF
insist on Having
The Kind That Never Failed You/
THC CCNTAU* COMPANY. TT MURRAY BTHCCT. NCW YORK CITY-
MIDNIGHT FIRE
AT PITTSBURG
Most Disastrous Confla
gration in Many
Years.
In Two Hours $2,500,000
Worth of Property Is
Consumed.
Flames Galnlnsr on the Firemen
and Threatening a Section of
the City.
PITTbBURG. Pa., May 3-2 a. M.—
biggest fire Pittsburg has had f ;r many
years started just before midnight, and in
two nours $2,500,000 worth of property
was destroyed. It is reported that one
fireman has been killed by falling walls.
The largest losses were suffered Dy T. C.
Jenkins*, wholesale grocer, whose building
valued at $100,000, and stock, $400,000. were
consumed; Joseph Horn & Co.'s retail
dry goods house, the finest in the city,
valued at $600,000, and the office building,
worth $1,500,000, belonging to the firm,
were also destroyed.
Tbe Methodist book concern building is
burned to the ground. At 1:50 A.M. tbe
Honkins-Duquesne Theater caught fire
and is doomed.
Tbe fire was first seen by the watchman.
It started among some waste paper on the
ground floor. The watchman first tried to
extinguish the blaze with buckets of
water and a man iv a building across
Cecil alley ge.ve the alarm. Bofore ail the
engines had reached the scene the fire had
spread until the square bounded by Fifth
avenue, Liberty street, Perm avenue and
Sixth avenue was ablaze.
The fire steadily gained on the firemen
and at this hour threatens to sweep that
entire part of the city.
Horn's big drygoods bouse, the Du
quesne theater, several large office build
ings and a number of retail shops and
wholesale stores are in the immediate
neighborhood. The Hotel Anderson, one
of the chief hotels in the city, occupies
the corner of Perm and Ffth avenues.
It is crowed with guests, but none of
them is in any danger, as they will have
sufficient time .to escape. Two other
hotels are in adjoining blocks. v _
THE MAW. 11. THE ATT.
Tremendous Pressure From All Sections
.yyjy for Its Abrogation.
WASHINGTON,^ D. C, May 2.— A
United Stated Senator said to Thb Call
Scrofula Swellings
On the Neck and Great Weakness
Caused by Impure B ood— Was
Constantly Growing*: Worse.
"When my son was 7 years old he began
to complain of soreness on both sides of
his neck, and soon lumps began to gather
on one side and grew to hall the size of an
egg. We then became more uneasy and
began to doctor him for scrofula. He
gradually grew worse, however, until at
the age of 12 years we had lost all hope of
his recovery. He became so weak he
could sit up but a few minutes at a time.
My w'fa saw Hood's Sarsaparilla recom-
mended as a great blood purifier and we
sent and got a bottle. We began giving
our boy the medicine according to direc-
tions and it was not long before we saw he
was improving. He continued taking it
until he was in very good health. He is
now 13 years old and ls well. We recom-
mend Hood's Sarsaparilla for all troubles
caused by impure blood." 8. M. Silver,
Grouse, Oregon. .
Hood's parflfa
The best— in fact the One True: Blood Purifier.
Sold by all druggists. . $1; six for $5.
M^-.^'- Oil I_. easy to take, easy to buy,
HOOU S PUIS easy to operate. 25c.
• .j- .JJ... A ...J- .':■ --.*.- *- • ••■-■■
correspondent to-night that a tremendous
; ressure was being made by the people in
all sections of the country for the repeal
of the Hawaiian treaty and thai in bis
opinion there was no doubt but that it
would be abrogated.
Senator Perkins has within tbe last dsy
or two received from numberless Cali
fornians strong petitions by mail and by
wire favoring abrogation. If he sees that
a majority of the people want to discon
tinue the treaty he will vote for its repeal :
otherwise he will vote for its continuance.
HIS OWN DOCTOR
You will meet a man every
now and again who is his
own doctor. He will buy
shoes from shoemakers, meat
from butchers and soap from
chandlers, but he must be
his . own doctor. He tinkers
with himself, uses every
kind of tea or herb he can ,
find. This being yourown
doctor is all very good forthe
motherly woman of a big
family, whose experience,
actual contact— is great
but the ordinary man can no
more be his own doctor than
can a goat read Latin, or a
mule study Greek. A man
who finds he is suffering .
from a nervous disorder or
who discovers that he Is suf-
fering from
FAILING MANHOOD
Should go about seeking
relief the same as he would
any other requisite he may
require. He should go to the
place that shows the greatest
amount of absolute proof of
its ability. If you will call
to the doctors of Hudson
Medical Institute you can
read for yourself files and
files and files of testimonials
from living men; from men
who have been cured of se-
cret disorders, of lost man-
hood and like diseases. The
doctors always use Hudyan
remedy- treatment as a basis
or as a foundation for the
cure, and never guarantee
anything of which they are
not absolutely sure of keep-
ing. Hudyan is a remark-
able treatment in cases where
dissipation or abuse has
wrecked the young life of the
patient. Hudyan does not
cure everything. It is a
remedy for men and only for
men. Consult the Hudson
Doctors Free or write for
circulars and testimonials.,
Hudson Medical Institute,
Kilm, Market and Stockton Sis.,
... ,♦»->■>■>■>♦■>■>■>♦■>♦♦•> •>*»->■>«!
i Dr. Martin's J
I Pain Carer!
I Is Hot Stuff, I
♦ But Will Not Blister or Barn. X
: * For internal use, diluted with water, it <->
-**-> is an agreeable medicine to take . . . . ♦
♦ 36c, SOc and Sl Per Bottle. X
1 All druggists sell it. ♦
X — ■__—,—,—.—.—.—■ — . ________ __T
"■■■■■'*******"^"**""***** r "****^"****.^"*' .tF ~ . ~ ~**r — ~~~^*~^*~~~~~~~~~~'*~~~~~~'*~~~p **************^B
_>__36HK_£___**a -?,££ is - a -"--n-roiiHjno-js
4f__fg&*__m_Zj__ reoaady Ur Oonot/hcea!
J___W r VVUEtTia£3 Gleet, 3 t»orniat orrh*»a!
g_____f In Ito 5 '*^i Whites, unnatural di-!
SOM Qn»r»i*.-«-l tl J'-^^f. or any in fla rain a- •
W_m_\ "I «° stricture. «on. Irritation or ulcera-
J^JPreyenu eooueion. tion of ma coca mem-
RStTHEEvAMSCHEI/'CitCa cranes. Non-astringen^.
Vrtft riiiriiimiTi BHf Sold b * !***-* S r*-
«HL 0.8. A. Jtj__\ 9 r 6ent '° Plain wr-pp---.
•», 7 ( v. eir ' re ? e L P^Pai-i i-r
'^--rV B CUoaUr seat or. •*• ■ imut.
...PUNNED MURDER
WHILE IN PRISON.
James Brooks' Careful
Plot to Slay the
Quails.
The Sanger Suicide Had Kept
'-■ *." a Loaded Gun Ready
. ; -' for Use.
Falling to Entice Miss Quails to
Her Death He Adopted a
*"' Bolder Course.
FRESNO, Cal., May 2.— Mrs. David
• Quails, who was shot in the arm by
James Brooks in her home north of Sanger
• last Tuesday night in the fiendish attempt
of the love-crazed man to murder her
and her daughter, continues to improve;
but she cannot drive from her mind the
terrible experience of that night and is
.till. very nervous.
• • Miss Quails displays much more nerve
and does not worry much. She is a
plucky girl and takes a more philosophi
■ cal view of the matter than does her
.- mother.
"-When Quails, the girl's father, inter
.".■ icecled in Brooks' behalf, some time ago,
- .and had him released from jail, where he
had been confined because of his in
_ ability to give a bond that he would
.' hot molest the Quails, as he had
threatened to do, the father was advised
by Constable J. S. Irvine of Sanger not to
-do so. The constable told him that
. Brocks was the kind of man who might
carry out the dire threat ho had made to
destroy the family. Quails did not like
the idea of keeping the fellow in jail in
' .definitely, and upon Brooks' promise not
• to come around the piace procured his re
.• lease.
- . ~ Brooks had evidently planned for some
time to carry out his intention of aveng
... ing his rejection by Miss Quails. A few
"weeks ago he borrowed the shotgun from
..' the foreman of the ranch on which he was
working to shoot a dog, he said. He made
particular inquiry as to the number of the
snot in the shells. He shot no dogs, but
kept the hrearm in his room.
After Brooks had been at the Quails
place the evening before his desperate
deed, when the young lady refused .to ko
riding with him he drove home and un
. • hitched his horse. He then procured the
gun and lantern and walked back to the
• Quails' place. He took advantage of the
ausence of the foreman, and was alone at
the ranch.
It is now believed that the fellow's pur
" pose in wishing to have the girl go riding
with him in the evening was to take her
to the ranch on which he .vas employed
and there murder her. When he was
coaxing her to accept his invitation he
' made the peculiar remark that the man
I .with whom he was worKing was away.
Failing in this plan he was determined
that his resolve to end her life and his
own should not be thwarted, and he re
sorted to the bolder proceed*
PORTLAND OFFICIALS ACCUSED-
Grand Jury Charges Them Wth Being in
League With the Gamblers'
Trust.
PORTLAND, Ob., May 2.— The Grand
Jury of this county made its final report
late last night. It arraigns District At
torney Lord and Napoleon Davis, presi
dent of the Police Commission, declaring
that they are at the head and front of the
. gamblers' trust, thus obstructing ali pros
ecutions of gamblers. Constable William
Connor is accused of being interested in
one ofthe largest gambling-houses here.
The .report furtner alleges tbat Special
Otiicer Charles E. Hoxie is known to levy
blackmail upon Chinese lottery agencies
amounting to $30 a day, but it does not
designate whose agent Hoxie is. The re
port is the sensation of the moment, and
is likely to lead to serious complications.
Gamma Eta Kappa Officers.
SAN JOSE, Cal., May 2.— The fifteenth
annual convention of the Gamma Eta
Kappa fraternity of the Pacific Coast was
held at the Vendome Hotel in this city
yesterday. Delegates from San Francisco,
Los Angeles, Stockton, Oakland, Pasade
na and San Jose were presnt. The follow
ing grand officers were elected A.E. Pow
ell of Stockton, M.-C. P.; J. A. Tudor of
San Joee, M. E-. C. 8.; A. li. Langiord oi
San Jose, E. C. ; Ray Burrell of Oakland,
G. X. ; W. E. A. Henderson of Stockton,
G. ft ; W. E. Hassett of Los Angeies, R.
E. O. : 0. M. At wood of Stockton, G. T. ;
Roy McCabe of Oakland, G. D.
fruit Exchange Officers.
SAN JOSE. Cal., May 2.— The Santa
Clara County Fruit Exchange has elected
the following directors for ttie ensuing
year: Philo Hersey, Noah G. Rogers, O.
IMCTIVEJIDMS. '
: Sure to Result in Serious Trouble
for the Entire System.
YOU CIS HAVE ACTIVE KIDAEYS.
' KIDNEY TKOTJBiiES ARK, PERHAPS, THE
. ■ J&- most, insidious of all human afflictions. They
creep on you so slowly at times that you havede-
■- veloped a bad Kidney disease before the doctor has
discovered it- Too often . c discovers It too late.
...Yon yourself can tell when your kidneys are
•(directed by watching yourself carefully.
; When your fac« in bloated.
" '.When your limbs arc swollen.
When you are easily exhausted.
When you are short of breath.
■ ' Whmi you huve -.inn in your back.
When you are dizzy.
J. .When you have no appetite.
When you have to get up at night so
' often,
When you are restless.
". When you have headaches.
• . When your eyelids are swollen.
'.. When you lose fl-»h rapidly.
When you have violent pains In
limbs.
Yon may be sure that the
KIDNEYS ARE AFFECTED
Ai)A that yon have one of three forms of kidney
diseases, which are
Diabete* 3I«-llitug,
- Diabetes Incipiens,
■■ 'l-Jrfjf 'it's Disease of Kidneys.
..• You can relievo yourself of these first symptoms
by following me directions printed on the label of
"Joy's Vegetable sarsaparllla.
' Joy's Vegetable sarsanarilla contains no potash
or-BiCrcury and will not irritate the mucous mem-
branes. Be sure to get Joy's Vegetable Sarsa-
parllla and not a poor, nasty, cheap,' Inferior snu-
■tltßML
. You should take Joy's Vegetable Sarsaparilla
.• , When your kidneys have been neglected.
" When your kidneys have been overworked.
When your kidneys need vegetable stimulants.
When your kidneys are diseased. V
It is certainly distressing to receive
letters every day saying that substi-
tutes have been wrapped up and de-
livered for Joy's Vegetable Sarsa-
. parUla. Refuse the substitute.
Stevens, A. Y. Chamberlain, C. F. Wy
man, J.T. Grant, J. A. Wetmore, W. H.
Wright and E. H. Wheeler. The re
port of the president showed that during
the past season 3,315,731 pounds of dried
fruit had been received at the exchange,
and but 30,000 pounds remained in the
warehouse.
Butchers Picnic at San Jose.
SAN JOSE, Cal., May 2.— The Journey
men Butchers' Association of "San Fran
cisco and OaKland picnicked here to-day.
lt was met at the depot by the San Jose
Association and escorted to Agricultural
Park, where there was a barbecue, danc
ing and all kinds of sports. The excur
sionists numbered about 1200.
Fln.eer Show for Charity.
SAN JOSE, Cal., May 2.— The ladies of
Pratt Home and Sheltering Arms Society
will bold a flower show at Turn Verein
Hall for five days, commencing Tuesday
evening. May 11. There will be a literary
and musical programme each evening,
followed by dancing. Booths will be ar
ranged about the ball where refreshments
and fancy articles will be sold.
Suicide of a St. Helena Chinaman.
ST. HELENA, Cal., May 2.— Coroner
Kyser was summoned to St. Helena last
evening to inquire into the mysterious
death of a Chinaman, which occurred at
5 o'clock in the morning. Lee Ong Quone
had been employed by 0. Hyde. On
Wednesday he was discovered in a semi
conscious state, there being evidence that
he had been eating opium. Efforts to
save his life were unavailing. The ver
dict of the Coroner's jury was that he had
taken opium with suicidal intent.
LOST IN THE FOG
ON TAMALPAIS
Perilous Climb of Two
Ladies and a Gen
tleman.
'
Applied at 3 O'clock in the
Morning for Food at the
Summit Hotel.
A Story of Hardship and Fatigue
Told to Manager Cowley on
tha Mountain.
MILL VALLEY, Ca*l., May 2.— A party
of three, two ladies and a eentleman, ap
plied for admission at about 3 o'clock Fri
day morning at the Tavern of Tamalpais
on the summit of the mountain. They
did not leave their names, but they pre
sented a sorry spectacle to Fred Cowley,
the manager of the hotel, who got out of
bed to answer their summons.
They said that they had come from San
Francisco and left Mill Valley in the
afternoon to walk to the top of Tamalpais,
but when they had covered half the dis
tance the fog rolled in from the ocean and
losing their way they had been wandering
about in the chaparral in an effort to
reach some habitation where tbey could
obtain a bite to eat, as they were almost
famished. The ladies were well-nigh ex
hausted, and the gentleman, wbom Mr.
Cowley describes as short and heavy-set,
with black whiskers, was well worn out.
They told of the nours they had spent
picking their way through the brushes in
the pitchy darkness with the cold, pene
trating log soaking their clothes. Their
bedraggled appearance bore out their
statements, and after they had partaken of
refreshments they were assigned rooms
and spent the remainder of the morning
in the hotel. The formality of registering
their names was not complied with.
After breakfast they resolved to attempt
to walk down the mountain rather than
wait for the afternoon train.
They walked down the trails and after a
couple of hours' tramping came upon the
track of the mountain road, having again
lost their way. They met a San Francisco
attorney, J. M. Wright, who was walking
along the track, and inquired of him
where they were. He informed them
that they were within 100 yards of the
hotel on the summit. Their surprise
knew no bound, for they had after two
hours' tramping brought up within a few
hundred feet of the spot from which they
had started. They returned to the hotel
resolving to trust no further experiences
and left for the metropolis on the after
noon train.
They were pretty well fagged out and
the rough experience had told hard on
theUadies. __________^___
NEWS OF MARE ISLAND.
Rear-Admiral K.rkland to Inquire Into
the Cause of the Oregon
Disaster.
VALLEJO, Cal., May 2.— Rear -Admiral
Kirkland and Lieutenant Hetherington
will go tip to the Port Orchard naval
station to inquire into the grounding of
the battle-ship Oregon, prior to its being
taken to the drydock. The inquiry will
be held by order of the Secretary of the
Navy, by request of Captain Barker, in ;
command of the Oregon.
A court has been in session at the yard
during the past week with Captain Louis
Kempff as president, to examine into the
conduct of Lieutenant F. S. Carter of the
Independence, he having, it is said, in
letters used language more emphatic than
polite to the father of a boy who had
shipped as an apprentice, but had de
serted. The father, not relishing the
tenor of the lieutenant's missives, for
warded them to the Secretary, who or
dered the court convened.
The survey ship Thetis is again at tho
yard, after an absence of several months.
It is expected that the Thetis will go out
of commission and the officers and men
be transferred to other ships in the
squadron. __J_
Wind Storm at Pacific Orore.
PACIFIC GROVE, Cal., May 2.-A
windstorm has prevailed here for the past
two days. It reached its greatest severity
about 5 o'clock yesterday evening, and is
said to have been the worst that has
swept this vicinity in two years. Nogreat
damage was done to property except in
the matter of fences being blown over and
ornamental trees being broken and in
some cases the smaller ones being up
rooted, but the waves along the bay shore
were lashed to such fury that considerable
havoc was wrought about the bathing
beach, where extensive improvements
have lately been made. At the hi<*-h tide
of yesterday the breakers ran so high that
the Southern Pacific Company's track
was badly washed, and in several places
the rocks which form the buttress along
the water's edge were dislodged, necessitat
ing immediate repairs. Even in the shel
tered harbor of Monterey some of the fish
ing boats broke loose from their moorings
and were with difficulty recovered.
Santa Cruz Wins at Baseball,
SANTA CRTJZ. Cal., May The T.
W. Springs baseball team of San Jose
was defeated to-day by the Santa Cruz
team by a score of 15 to 2.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, MAY 3, 1897.
THE CITY OF PORTLAND.
By the Secretary of the Manufacturers' Association of the Northwest.
PORTLAND, Or., April 30.— The at
tractions which nature offers in "The Pa
cific Northwest" to the tourist, the health
seeker and the sportsman, in addition to
the healthful and invigorating climate,
are its scenery, its health and pleasure
resorts and its bunting and fishing.
It is but rarely that grand and im
pressive scenery is united in one section
of country with the productive soil and
wealth of natural resources, and, as a rule
the enjoyment of the wonders which na
ture has produced in her fiercest moods, is
limited to those who possess the means and
the leisure to travel considerable distances,
and spend much time, to see and enjoy
alone. But in "The Pacific Northwest" is
found, not only an equable and healthful
climate, and all that boundless wealth of
natural resources necessary for the great
est prosperity of a dense population, but
in the greatest profusion and everywhere
in easy reach, all the varieties of won
drous scenery which nature has yet pro
duced and which contributes so largely to
the enjoyment of those that are alive to
nature's beauties.
Here are the fertile, peaceful valleys,
[ *p*;& tfetff WTP ZWICKER SfffP BWIPIKC ANP IROW PlftWT f OUTLAW OREGOK- {
The Hotel Portland jix.Boujers-mMAo*,
Manufacturing Plants and Business Blocks in the City of Portland*
wearing throughout the year their mantle
of green, and sleeping eternally in the
lap of spring. Here are the rugged
mountains, with their yawning chasms,
rnshing, roaring torrents, peaceful Alpine
lakes, and grand old sentinels, rearing
their lofty heads to the realm of eternal
winter, and bearing on their sides glaciers,
excelled by none in beauty or magnitude.
And here are rivers of all degrees, and of
all varieties.
Of rivers, the Columbia is without a
rival in the world in the grandeur of its
scenery, as it has but lew iv the volume
of its waters, or the amount of country
which it drains. Though other rivers
may here and there touch the borders of
mountains, winding to one side on their
way to the sea, or follow down their
slopes, from their sources at the summits
to the lower lands of the valleys, it alone
has broken through these stern barriers,
and crossed directly through two mighty
mountain chains, carving for itself a way
embattled by the lofty peaks which in
effectually resisted its onward march.
In its gorge in the Cascade Mountains
the Columbia River offers scenery so
grand, so majestic, so altogether different
from aught else of the kind that the world
affords, tbat it is the wonder of all who
behold it, and so real is its sublime gran
deur that the wondsr but grows with re
peated seeing. Here are the cliffs of the
Yosemite, only greater in extent; the val
ley of the Yosemite, only longer and
wider, and flowing through it all a river
more mighty than the Hudson, the Rhine
or the Mississippi.
Those who first see the Columbia in the
giandenrof its passage through the Cas
cade Mountains are apt to fail in appreci
ation of its other beauties. But between
these mountains and the sea it has a
beauty all its own. which is unsurpassed
by that of any other river in the world.
Of a varying width of from one and a half
to three miles to within twenty mil»»s of
the ocean, it there widens to what might
almost be called a bay of from six to ten
miles in width, and from its point of
junction with the Willamette, 100 miles
from the sea, it is of such volumeas to
float the largest of ocean-going ships. Its
scenery varies from the lowlands of the
Mississippi in the immediate foreground,
with the mountains of the Coast and Cas
cade ranges in the distance, to the Pali
sades and the rugged and precipitous
banks of the Hudson or the Rhine.
To tempt the hardy Alpine climber
there are the snow-clad peaks of the
Three Sisters. Jefferson, Hood, St. Helens,
Adams and Rainier, and here he may find
the glaciers, and all degree of danger from
slippery path, yawning chasm or fatal
crevasse that his heart may desire. From
thesa there are all grades down to the
more gentle elevations, which alone tempt
the less ambitious, who are content to do
their mountain climbing on the back of a
horse or mule, or seated in the comforta
ble stage coacb or mountain wagon. *
Niagara has long been regarded as the
most wondrous of cataracts, and ; far be it
from as to seek, by erer so little, to take
from the power and majesty of his might--'
plunge. He has but one equal, but tha 1
one is here in Snoshone Falls, Idaho. Na"
ture in the creation of her wonders does not
repeat herself. In the fertility of her
genins sne finds a charm for each of her
creations peculiar to itself, and any at
tempt at a comparison of Shoshone with
Niagara, save only in the pre-eminence of
its grandeur, would be absurd. The Niag
ara prior to its plunge winds its way
through a comparatively level country.
The Snake comes plunging from its moun
tain sources, with many a cascade and
cataract, forcing its way along its tortuous
course, between rocky walls, until at Sho
shone the walls which form its boundaries
and confine it to its bed rise straieht above
it on -dither hand to a height of hundreds
of feet, while all along these walls is a
velvety drapery of ferns and mosses, and
here, amid a shower of pearls and dia
monds, and ever-changing, vanishing and
reforming rainbows, the river takes its
final mighty plunge. The volume of
water is somewhat less, but the height is
a third greater than Niagara. But we
cannot do better than to give the eloquent
description of this falls from the pen of
.Richardson:
'"The cataract is unequaled in the world
save by Niagara, of wbich it vividly re
minds us. It is not all height like Yo-
Semite, no>*all breadth and power like the
great Falls of the Missouri, nor all strength
and volume like Niagara, but combines
the three elements.
"The torrent is less than Niagara, and
its crescent summit appears less than 1000
feet wide. But the descent 2lo — is
one-third greater, while above the brink,
solemn portals of lava rising for hundreds
of feet on each bank supply an element of
grandeur which the monarch of cataracts
altogether lacks. Tbe fall its«lf is of the
purest white, interspersed with myriads
of glittering, glassy drops — a cataract of
snow with an avalanche of jewels, mock
ing and belittling all human splendor.
Nature is here in her lace and pearls, her
robe of diamonds and tiara of rainbow."
Of falls of lesser magnitude, the num
ber is almost countless, and they vary in
height from Multnomah Falls, situate on
the south bank of the Columbia, within
the gorge of the Cascade Mountains, 850
feet. in height, to the ordinary cataracts
which are the wonders of less favored
lands. Crater Lake is situated in the
northwestern portion of Klamath County,
Oregon, and is best reached by leaving
the Southern Pacific Railroad at Medford,
which is 328 miles south of Portland, and
about eighty miles from the lake, which
can be reached by a very good wagon
road. The lake is about six miles wide
and seven miles long, but it is not its size
which is its beauty or its attraction. The
surface of the water in the lake is 6256 feet
above the level of the sea ana surrounded
by cliffs or walls from 1000 to 2000 feet in
height, which are scantily covered with
timber and offer at but one point a way
of reaching the water. The depth of the
water is very great and it Is very transpar
ent and of deep blue color. Toward the
southwestern portion of the lake is Wizard
Island, 845 feet high, circular in shape
and slightly covered with timber. In the
top of this island is a depression or crater,
the Witches' Cauldron, 100 feet deep and
475 feet in diameter, which was evidently
the last smoking chimney of a once
mighty volcano and which is now covered
within and without with volcanic rocks.
North of this island and on the west side
of the lake is Llao Rock, reaching to a
height of 2000 feet above the water and
so perpendicular that a stone may be
dropped from its summit to the waters at
its base, nearly a half mile belpw, '.*,**.
So far below the surrounding mountains
is the surface of the waters in this lake
that the mountain brc-zes rarely ripple
them, and looking from the surrounding
wall, the sky and cliffs are seen mirrored
in the glassy surface, and it is with diffi
culty the eye can distinguish the line
where the cliff leaves off and the reflected
counterfeits begin. Lake Tahoe, so long
the recognized monarch of mountain lakes
must hide its diminished bead before
one which has all its beauties, but is in
each a tuousand times greater.
Lumbering has been, is now and will
continue to be for years to come the lead
ing manufacturing industry of the Pacitic
} Northwestern States. The : supply of
standing timber is practically unlimited,
and the production of lumber and kindred
articles of commerce will increase in pro
portion to the demand, and the decrease
in the supply of merchantable timber in
tbe lake States and other States which
have lorn: held the bulk of the lumbering
business. Any discussion of the possibi
lities in the forestry line necessarily in
volves estimates as to the quantity of
timber available for the requirements of
commerce and suitable for the various uses
to which it is to be put.
The combination effected by the North
Pacific Lumber Company, the Willamette
Steam Mills and Manufacturing Company
and In man. Poulsen & Co. has done much
to advance the lumber interests of the
Northwest. These three concerns, repre
senting a capital of over $1,500,000, con
duct their business under the firm name
of the Oregon Pine Lumber Company,
with offices in the Chamber of Commerce
building. Tne yards and mills of this
triple organization cover an area of 120
acres, with over a mile of water front.
Their railroad trackage is sufficient to
allow of sixty cars being sidetracked on
the company's own switches at one time.
With -such facilities for manufacturing
and handling lumber the Oregon Pine
Lumber Company is in position to do an
immense annual business, which wiil
grow as the requirements of the Pacific
Coast trade advance.
The great plant of the Wolff & Z wicker
Iron Works, located on tne Willamette
water front, at the East Side approach to
tbe Madison-street bridge, bears the same
relation to Portland and the Northwest
that the Union Iron Works does to San
Francisco and California.
It is the creative center for great enter
TBtlKPfRISLnora. Pomiakb Obmsh
-. Taort^i CUINIAM PauPfiitTo.-L.
I THE CPBOfEB ctrs/MCTjay potntaMu-REGtm fj
prises, which naturally seek a concern
whose capacity is equal to all demands
which may be made upon it, both as to
material and workmanship, with due re
gard also to rapidity of construction. These
qualifications are nre-eminently possessed
by the Wolff & Z wicker Iron Works, a fact
which has now become so generally recog
nized and admitted that large contracts
In metal work naturally gravitate to this
concern. The proud position attained by
Wolff & Zwicker, which has finally led to
the allotment to them of a contract by the
United States Government for the con
struction of two torpedo-boats, is due
neither to original capital invested nor to
the assistance of subsidies. The measure
of success has been filled entirely by the
indomitable perseverance and untiring en
ergy of the proprietors themselves.
The Government has more recently
awarded Wolff <fc Zwicker another con
tract for the construction of two light
ships and tbe shipyards of this company
are probably the most active in the United
States at this time.
The Acme Mills Company of Portland,
Or., is engaged in turning out a product
of the very higbest standard. T_«y are
the exclusive Pacific Coast manufacturers
of Ralston Health Foods under the United
States copyright of the Purina Mills, St.
Louis. Mo., which bear the official in
dorsement of the Ralston Health Club,*
Mavtyn College, Washington, D. C.
They are also sole manufacturers of sev
eral unexcelled cereal specialties. The
grain used by this company is grown in
the high, dry lands of the Northwest and
is exceptionally rich in nitrates and phos
phates. A marvelous approach to real
coffee is their Acme Health Koffy. In a
word it is a perfect substitute for the real
article in palatability and nourishment.
The officers are D. S. Tuthill, president;
I. Blum, vice-president and manager; W.
A. Gordon, secretary and treasurer.
Portland, Oregon, with agents in San
Francisco, Los Angeles, Cal., and Spokane
and Seattle, Wash. * J.JJ
The Portland Cracker Company is con
ducting the largest business of any fac
tory on the Pacific Coast. Tons of fancy
biscuit, bread and crackers leave their fac
tory daily for all ' parts of California,
Idaho, Montana, Washington and British
Columbia; The company have agencies
in San Francisco, Los Angeles, San Jose,
Sacramento, Tacoma, Seattle, •; Victoria
and Vancouver. , The officer** of the com
pany are L. Nicoli, president; jH. Whit
ten berg, vice-president and general man
ft<ier, and JamesjL. Wickersham secretary,
Portland, Oregon.
- The Portland Hotel of Portland, Or., is
the leading hotel of the city and the West.
It is six stories and basement and covers
the entire block between, Yamhill and
Morrison and Sixth and Seventh streets.'
It is in the business center of the city and
streetcar lines to all points of interest in
Portland pass it on two sides. Itis a
structure of stone and brick, and every
one of its 325 ■'. guests' rooms are front
rooms. Its architecture, '- luxury of ap
pointment and cuisine \ bave 'no equal in
the West, nor are they excelled anywhere.
It is conducted on the American plan,
and rates are consistent with the very best
service. Special prices are made to large
parties and organizations and commercial
travelers. : ':/■■' ■*■.*--**
The Imperial is a new and handsome
hotel. Itis one of Portland's latest and
best enterprises, inasmuch as it gives to
the city a first-class medium-priced hotel.'
It is beautifully situated in the very
center of the city, on the edge of tbe busi
ness portion, but convenient to tbe lead
ing retail houses; only two. blocks from
the Marquam Grand Theater, the Post
office and Oregonian building. It is a
beautiful block, the style of architecture
being Romanesque, and the material blue
sandstone and pressed brick, with terra
cotta trimmings, making the house fire
proof in every respect.
The interior is in keeping with the ex
terior. The office and lobby are on the
ground floor, with entrance off of Wash
ington street, and are large, light and mod
ern, ana convenient to elevator and gen
eral stairway, which lead from the ground
or ladies' entrance. The dining-room and
public parlors are situated on the second
floor and are gems in design and furnish
ings.
The bouse contains 146 rooms, both
single and en suite, the majority being
furnished with stationary marble wash
stands, with hot ana cold water. All the
rooms are large, light and bright and
beautifully furnished, making cheerful
homes to all who occupy them. Steam
heat is found in every room; also electric
light. The elevator service is complete,
and, in fact, every modern convenience to
be found in hotels of to-day are found in
the Imperial.
The resources of the State o! Orezon
and manufacturing interests of the city of
Portland will be more fully covered in a
subsequent article.
BICYCLE RACES
AT SAUSALITO
First Sunday Meeting
in the Town Across
the Bay.
Wheelman West Injured by
a Fall in Wildwood \
Gulch. ;).
Close Contests Witnessed by Many
Spectators— Marshal Creed's
Modesty.
SAUSALITO, Cal., May 2.— The first
public bicycle races held in Sausalito were
witnessed to-day by a large crowd. Water
street was lined on eitber side by young
ladies in summer costumes, who with
their escorts cheered the riders as lh-
sped past.
An unfortunate accident occurred early
in the afternoon, when West, while ridfnp
on the grade near Wildwood Glen, at
tempted to pass a team, and losing his
Dalance rolled down the steep embank
ment, fracturing his hip in the fall. He
was conveyed, to the waiting-room of the
North Pacific Coast Railroad, where his
injuries were attended to. He was taken
to the City on an afternoon boat.
Marshal Jobn E. Creed had his dignity
shocked by seeing H. Williams appear in
racing costume without stockings. Creed
proceeded to arm himself to belabor tne
unfortunate rider. He was finally per
suaded to abandon this idea. William?, j
in order to avoid trouble, donned his
stockings, and Creed's opportunity to gain
fame was lost.
Following are^he results of the races:
Two-mile scratc"**, H. Williams first. Time,
4:50. F. Speckman second, F. Carroll third,
A. H. Sampson fourth.
Half-mile, scratch, for town boys, M. Betten
court first. Time, 1:15. M. Lawrence second,
E. Coughlin third.
Five-eighths of a mile, handicap, first heat
won by H. Sampson. Time, 1:13. F. Sr*«ck
man second, M. Engleberg third. This heat
was marred by an accident to H. Williams,
who collided with a small boy and a goat.
Williams was thrown and badly cut about the
arm. *■*.'. J ■-'
Second and third heats, H. Coughlin first.
Time, 1:00. F. Carroll second, H. Williams
third, C. Ray Barney fourth.
Final heat, F. Speckman first. Time, 1:03.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
HOW YOD DREAD '
THEJBOSSINGS!
mHE CONTACT WITH ANY ROUGH
-■- obstiuctjon — the slightest, jolt is in-
jurious to the rider of a wheel. It dis-
turbs the internal organs, jars the nerve
centers of the spine, strains the kidneys
and vital organs and induces general
weakness. All old riders speak of this
weakness, which can and should be
guarded against. Give strength to the
nerves and muscles of the back and help
them to stand the strain. Make them
elastic and vigorous. An even, steady
current of electricity infused into them
daily will do it. It will prepare you for
the severest strain. JyAJ'JjA
DR. SANDEN'S ELECTRIC BELT is
particularly beneficial to wheel-riders. It
numbers thousands of them among its
cures. - Giving its force direct to the
nervo-muscuiar center,' it carries life and
activity to every muscle which is affected
by riding. It will cure a majority of the
complaints resulting from indiscretion on
the wheel. ':\U--
Call and examine and make a test of
this wonderful belt free of charge. Its
power is surprising*. Read the book,
"Three Classes of Men," which can be
bad, closely sealed, free upon application.
SANDEN ELECTRIC CO.,
632 Market st., opp. Palace Hotel, San Franclsca
Office hoars— B a. m. to -.30 P.M.: Sunday*, 10 to
L Los Angeles office. 204 South Broadway; Port-
land Or., 26;-! Washington St.; Denver, Cola,
935 Sixteenth st. .
NOTE— Make No Mistake ln the Number, 633
Market Street. Make note of lt.
DX. SA.\DE.VS_UtTKIC TRUSS CUBES
BUPTUBE.
F.Carroll second, H. Williams third, C.Ray
Barney lourth. '. ",. ,
One mile, scratch, F. Speckman first. Time,
2:43. H. Williams second, F. Carroll third.
The referee was R. E. Scott of the San
Rafael Athletic Club. Judges— Dr. A. H.
Mays, M. M. Grover, J. Thomas, G. Fonda.
Timers— H. Parcell, M. Wciner, W. Mil
ton. Starter — H. Grimmenstein.
LOST IM A VALLEJO FIRE.
Valuable Historical Chart of the World
Destroyed.
VALLEJO, Cal., May 2.— Elder Miles
Grant lost in a fire in the Cornell Baptist
Church Friday night a valuable Adams'
historical chart of the world, which ha
has been using for the past twenty years
throughout the United States to assist in
illustrating his biblical lectures of the
earlier history of the world. The chart,
which had been enlarged on canvas to
sixty feet in length, was to have beau
used in the church tbat evening. Prior to
opening the doors for the lecture tho
elder, with one or two assistants, was en
gaged in placing the canvas in position on
tbe platform at the rear of the altar. A
gust of wind from one of the open win
dows blew the end of the roll of pictures
against a gasjet, and in a moment tbe en
tire roll was in flames. Only by heroic
efforts on the part of the elder and his
assistants were the tapistry and altar sur
roundings saved from destruction.
Close of Tulare's Carnival.
TULARE, Cal, May 2.— Tulare's
highly successful ro«e carnival closed last
night after a splendid three nights' dis
play. Never before were such profusion
and variety of floral beauty placed before
a Tulare public. The Rose Queen, Miss
Nellie Wilson, ruled graciously, and her
loyal legions enjoyed every moment of the
festivities. Prizes were awarded for tbe
best display of pansies, roses and sweet
peas, Jacob Faust, Mrs. D. R. Miller and
Mrs. Miles Ellsworth being the winners
in the order named.
Census of Sacramento.
SACRAMENTO, Cau, May 2.— A snap
census oi the city of Sacramento, which
has lately been taken under the auspices
of the Board of Education, will show that
the number of inhabitants is about as fol
lows: First Ward 2638, Second 2856, Third
2798, Fourth 3071. Fifth 4321. Sixth 3762.
Seventh 4040, Eighth 3331, Ninth 2769;
total 29,635. In some of the wards the
figures are surprisingly low and may be
changed when the Superintendent inves
tigates as to their accuracy. It is be
lieved that there are at least 32,000 in
habitants.
KEW to-dat.' 'Jyy-
First quotation from the
new store.
Single-breasted Sack Suits.
Fresh from the tailor. Newest
effects in plaids. Shades par-
ticularly adapted to Summer
wear. Specially made for this
climate ; not too thick, not
too thin.
Guaranteed to be pure long
staple wool — every thread
i runs clear through. Coats
| made with French front —
which means that they are
faced back to shoulders with
same material, which keeps
the coat in shape splendidly.
Price $7. (jo.
"Lightest, brightest prettiest
clothing store in town" —
that's what a Saturday visitor
said.
Come and see us. Oppo-
site White House.
,■'-«;«.' 3BSt^3WWB'3fgBBOBBBBEiipt
if
Signature Is printed In 0 Jj
BLUE diagonally */$?
across tho f\ *iM^ '
OUTSIDE J I r\ r^
rapper, ft Or /
Jjj / of every
1 1 Jr. bottle oi
I «•• / (the Original
I n jjJ ' / and Genuine)
/ \Stj/ Worcestershire
SAUCE
As a farther protection against
all imitations.
'Agents for tbo United State*
JOHN DUNCAN'S SONS, N. Y.
MiIJLTI
-HIS WELL-KNOWN* AND RKLrABLE OLD
Specialist cores Privatp. Nervous, i'loiii-irni skin
Diseases of Men only. Manly Power restored. Over
■—•years' experience. Send for Book, Patients
cured at Home. Terms reasonable. Hours. 9 to 3 .
daily;6:**OtoB.3oev'c*=, Sundays, 10 to 1-. Consulta-
tion free and sacredly confidential.'' Call or address
, P. roscoi: •n-j-N M.T V. m. D.,
26V Kearny Street, .-Han Francinco. I'a!.
NOTARY PUBLIC.
A.J. HENRY, NOTARY PUBLIC,
•OQQ MARKET ft., OPP. PALAI UOIEL'
UOO Telephone 670. Residence 909 Valencia
street, Telephone '-Cbnrch" 15. ■•
O DEWEY 8lCO.S??S.
patents! :)
MARKET ST.S.F%a£r
Weak MenandWomen
SHOULD USE DAMIANA BITTEUS, THI
great Mexican Remedy: gives Health uu
•tr-aagth to ib« sexual Organs ;
1 _ '
34
*®» s__s_
•MONDAY -MAY 3, 1897
CHARLES M. SHORTRIDOI-,
Editor and Proprietor.
SUBSCRIPTION RATES-Postage Free:
Daily and Sunday Caix, one week, by carrier.. $0.15
Daily and Sunday Caix, one year, by mail. . 6.00
Dally and Sunday Call, six months, by mail.. 3.00
Daily and Sunday Cali, three months by mail 1.60
Daily and Sunday Call, one month, by mail.. .65
Bunday Call, one year, by mail 1-60
WtfciLLY Call, one year, by mail *»"«U
BUSINESS OFFICE:
10 Market Street,
k__ Francisco, California.
Telephone"" .^^ M-l»-M«
EDITORIAL ROOMS:
617 Clay Stree*.
Telephone Maln-1874
BRANCH OFFICES:
527 Montgomery street, corner Clay open until
9:30 o'clock.
339 Hayes street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
615 Larkin street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
SW. corner Sixteenth and Mission streets, Open
nntil 9 o'clock.
i.518 Mission street, open nntil 9 o'clock.
167 Ninth street, open until 9 o'clock.
1505 Polk street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
NW. corner Twenty-second and Kentucky
streets; open till 9 o'clock.
OAKLAND OFFICB
-908 Broadway.
EASTERN OFFICE:
Rooms 81 and 32, 34 Park Kow, New Tor* City.
DAVID M. FOLTZ. Eastern Manager.
THE CALL SPEAKS FOR ALL.
THE SUMMER MONTHS.
Are yon going to the country on a vacation? If
so. It is no trouble fir us to forward ill CALL to
rour address. Do not let it miss you for you will
miss it. Girders given to the carrier or left at
.Business Office will receive prompt attention.
"NO KXTKA CHARGE.
It is now clear the tariff bill will never
be jammed through the Senate, but all
the same it will be preserved somehow.
If General Miles does not hurry to the
seat of war the only proceeding he will be
able to study when he gets there will be a
coroner's inquest.
The most interesting point in the
Eastern question now ls to know whether
it is the Kaiser or the Czar who is acting
as referee in this fight.
If the Senators do not hurry up a little
bit with tbat tariff bill the country will
soon have its attention distracted to base
ball and forget all about it.
As upward of a thousand men are said
to have left Chicago to fight for Greece it
appears that almost any excuse does a
Chicago man now when he wishes to
escape.
It is said that Bailey of Texas has the
most genial smile of any man in Congress
and if the smile is of the usual Texas kind
it is not surprising the Democrats
follow him as a leader with a cheerful
alacrity. '
The Boston Herald is right enough in
Faying: "If a duly is placed on hides we
shall all have to foot the bills," but it
should have added that even in that case
the duty would not be a bootless pro
tection to the cattle industry.
The people from other cities who at
tended the Grant celebration in New
York are now asserting that while Grant
said "Let us have peace," the New
Yorkers adopted the motto "Let us have
all," and what is more they took it.
: Several musical critics are engaged in
what seems a concerted attempt to shame
England because she hasn't a national
opera, but the chances are that if she pro
duced one it would be even more dis
graceful than the lack of the thing.
When Cleveland raised to office a man
named Dink Botts he doubtless thought
that in that respect he had passed be
yond the reach of rivalry, but McKinley
has equaled if not eclipsed him by giving
a postoffice position in Montana to Tank
8 matchers.
The statesmen out of office in Europe
are making life very unpleasant for the
statesmen in office and rightly so, for if
ever men in power really required prod
ding with a sharp stick they are the of
ficials who could save Crete from Moslem
rule and refuse to do bo.
By and by there will be a kinetoscope
syndicate to send a battalion of men with
machines to take battle scenes in all wars,
and then the folks that stay at home
will have a chance to see the fights as
they occurred, and war correspondents will
no longer have a free hand in describing
terrific slaughters every time there is a
skirmish along the front. '.
It is announced that in response to an
invitation from Philadelphia fifty or more
representative business men from South
and Central America and Mexico will
visit the principal cities of this country
during the summer to see what can be
done in the way of trade, and it would be
a good idea to bring them West for a time.
There is a chance for them to find trade
here as well as in the East.
Petitions are pouring in upon Congress
from all parts of the country requesting
that the President be authorized to ap
point a currency commission for the set
tlement of the financial question, and as
the Senate seems determined to take its
time In dealing with the tariff the House
may yet get tired of sitting round doing
nothing ana take the petition up for im
mediate action.
New York has discovered that for the
year ending September 30, 1896, it cost the
State $353,204 to take care of the public
buildings at Albany, while the National
Government paj s only about $200,000 for
the maintenance of all the puDlic build
ings at "Washington, and now New York
is wondering whether to consider herself
bigger than the Nation or only a little
more liberal with her money.
The Indiana law fixing the streetcar
fares at three cents in all cities having a
population of more than 100,000 has been
j suspended by an order of an Indianapolis
Judge until the question of its validity
can be decided. It would seem that an
"act of the Legislature should be pre
sumed to be law until it was declared
otherwise, but recently the courts have
acquired a habit of presuming the other
way.
The sponge industry off the coast of
Florida has been found so profitable that
a bill has been introduced into the Legis
lature of the State to encourage the ex
tension of it by artificial cultivation, and
the proposition seems to be cordially sup
ported by the people. This is another
evidence of the eagerness .with which the
Southern people are turning their atten
" tion to new industries and a proof of their
* enterprise in developing every resource in
sight.
.S. .•■-.■ .-.'-:. .
THE DAWN OF FBOSPEBITY.
In spite of the occasional sneer of popo
cratic philosophers that the dawn of pros
perity is being strangely delayed, it can
not be denied that tbe trade situation is
brightening and that business is bet
ter than in 1896. The exports of
produce from the United States thus far
this year show an increase of $144,000,000
oveT the same period in 1896, which is a
gain large enough to satisfy the most ex
acting grumbler.
If we look below the surface and study
the Custom-house exhibits we will see
that the balance of ttade has been in
favor of the United States for a year,
taking this period as a whole. Under a
proper tariff we would not only enjoy the
profits arising from this large balance, but
those derived from a greatly stimulated
internal commerce as well. This fact is
well understood by business men, hence
their anxiety for the passage of a suitable
tariff bill.
The local situation is pretty well fo
cused down to two features the tariff and
the crop outlook. Taken as a whole, the
latter is brilliant. True, the cereal out
look is somewhat dubious, owing to the
recent lack of rain, but the fruit outlook
'is more than excellent. Up to last
"Wednesday the fruit interests expected
low prices to rule during the coming sea
son, but on Thursday the whole prospects
underwent a sudden change. Reports
that the fruit crops of the Eastern States
had been seriously damaged by late ■ frosts
created an immediate revulsion of opinion.
It will be remembered that six or seven
years ago the failure of the Eastern fruit
crops put millions of additional profits
into the pockets of California fruit-grow
ers. Everything that could be shipped
East was sent there and brought large re
turns. It was a banner year for the fruit
men. The present year bids fair to be
S similar, though prices will probably not
Ibe as high as they were then. Values of
i all commodities are on a lower plane now,
I and the purchasing power of the country
jis not as large. Besides, the destruction
lin the East is not as widespread. It is se
j vere enough, however, to almost insure
good profits to growers of California fruit
I this season.
I For the past several days The Call has
■ been publishing a series of exclusive fruit
crop reports, both from the East and Cali
fornia. They tell the story. They show
that the home crop will not be heavy and
the Eastern crop will be scanty. Good
! prices will follow as a natural result, and
I millions of Eastern money will probably
I flow into California pockets later on.
And as prices for wheat bid fair to keep
j up to a profitable plane it is safe to say
j that the California farmer will do better
I this year than for some years back.
When the farmer prospers the rest of
the community flourishes; hence if pres
ent indications are realized we ought to
enjoy increased mercantile activity during
the rest of the year.
A COMING OPPORTUNITY.
The merchants and manufacturers of the
larger cities in the East are making ar
rangements for the reception this summer
of a number of men representing leading
lines of business in South America, Cen
tral America and Mexico, who are to visit
this country for the purpose of studying
our products and seeing to what extent
they can carry on a profitable trade with
us.
The visitors are to come to this country
on the invitation of the officials of the
Philadelphia Commercial Museum. It
will be remembered that last year a num
ber of American manufacturers made a
tour of investigation through South Amer
ican countries for trade purposes, and the
return visit from the merchants of those
countries is an outcome of that tour. The
manufacturers saw that a good field was
open for them to the south, and now they
have Invited representative merchants
from the various countries to visit us in
order that they may see what goods we can
furnish to supply their demands.
It is announced that the visitors are ex
pected to arrive next JiAe, but we have
not seen any notice. of the extent of the
tour which they will make nor any state
ment of what cities they will visit. It
would seem, therefore, to be advisable for
some orcanizntion in this City, either the
State Board of Trade, the Chamber of
Commerce or the Manufacturers' and Pro
ducers' Association, to communicate with
the officers of the Philadelphia Commer
cial Museum and if possible make ar
rangements for bringing the visitors to
San Francisco.
If the time of the visitors permits it, it
would be a good plan to arrange for them
a general tour of the cities of the Pacific
Coast from Pnget Sound to San Diego.
There can be no question that much is
produced along this coast for which good
markets can be fonnd in Mexico, Central
and South America and which the mer
chants of those countries could find it
profitable to handle. All of those coun
tries ought to consume a considerable
quantity of California wine, and a large
number of articles of our manufacture.
At any rate, the visit of such men to this
country for trade purposes is certainly an
industrial and commercial opportunity
for as which we ought not to ht pass with
out employing.
The press of the leading Eastern cities
is giving considerable space to the subject,
and it. is evident that each city will vie
with the other in giving entertainment to
the visitors. The total number expected
will hardly exceed fifty, but they are said
to ba men who represent large interests
and are capable of influencing a vast
amount of trade in their various countries.
California could easily afford to give an
entertainment to these men not inferior
to that provided for them in any other
State in the Union, and it is worth our
while to undertake it.
VENEZUELA'S GREAT RAILWAY.
It was a iavorite and plausible argu
ment of some Englishmen in regard to
British rights in settling the Venezuelan
boundary that to surrender any of the
territory claimed by the English was sim
ply to limit the bounds of civilization and
give to an unprogressive state opportuni
ties which it would never properly utilize.
Uncle Sam, basing his authority on the
Monroe doctrine, overruled that argu
ment, and a recent report to the State
Department from our Consul, Plumacher,
giving an account of the great railway
in Venezuela shows that country is pro
gressing and has possibilities of future
greatness to an extent which gives a com
plete refutation to the Britisher's logic.
The road is one of the finest pieces of
engineering skill in the world. It had
more obstacles to surmount than the far
famed Oroya Railroad of Peru and the
trans-Andine line between Chile and
Buenos Ayres. It connects the capital,
Caracas, with the thriving interior city of
Valencia, which is the metropolis of an
immense section of fertile land. The road
boldly strikes across a strip of country so
frowning with precipitous mountain brows
and threatening with deep and seemingly
impassable gorges that nature appeared
to bave placed her veto there to any pass
age that was not winged.
The successful undertaking of this road
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, MAY 3, 1897.
has opened up vast picturesque and fer
tile valleys for immigration, whose only
lack heretofore was the means of com
munication. The land, which is sparsely
peopled with 2,000,000, is capable of sup
porting in bountiful plenty a population
of 30,000,000. It is said there are no ex
tremes of heat and cold, and the region
abounds with breezy highlands and val
leys which are perfectly healthy. Sugar
cane, coffee, Indian corn and vegetables
of all kinds flourish there. The Govern
ment realizes the need of immigration.
Liberal concessions have been granted,
and laws especially framed for this pur
pose have been passed.
Mr. Plumacher adds that internal peace
seems now tolerably assured, and that
with the exception of a few professional
revolutionists, who cannot comprehend
that the people are yearly becoming more
intelligent, scarcely any one thinks of
civil war a3 a romedy for real or supposed
grievances. If this proves to be true the
future of Venezuela is assured, and we
may yet have in that country a trade that
will be vastly beneficial to our own.
PABK PLANS.
The rapidity with which the movement
for park extension in this City goes for
ward affords ample grounds to justify the
conclusion that it will shortly become one
of the dominant issues of municipal de
velopment. The proposal for the estab
lishment of a park in the Mission has been
warmly supported by the entire press of
the City, and now some of the influential
members of the Board of Supervisors have
begun the consideration of a vaster scheme
of the same kind, and have put it into a
shape that will attract public considera
tion and doubtless win a considerable
decree of popular favor.
Ths plan as proposed by Chairman
Devany and other members of the Street
Committee of the Board of Supervisors is
truly a magnificent one. It proposes the
establishment of a series of parks within
the City limits, one of which at least is to
be of sufficient magnitude to rival Golden
Gate Park, and the others are to consti
tute no inconsiderable additions to the
general park plans. It is the desire of the
promoters to hasten the accomplishment
of this extension as rapidly as possible, as
it is evident that the land required for the
proposed parks can be obtained now much
cheaper than at any future time. \
An undertaking of such an ambitious
nature will be something of a surprise
to the people of San Francisco. It is
only in Chicago of all the progressive
cities of America where such a chain
of narks connected by stately boule
vards has been realized. The park sys
tem of that city has been the admira
tion aud despair of her rivals in the East.
It is the admiration of San Francisco
also, but from the movement now begun
it is evident that it may not be our de
spair. There are men among us who be
lieve that we cannot only rival it, but sur
pass it, and girdle Ban Francisco with a
series of parks from the Presidio on the
north round by the Golden Gate on the
ocean, across the mountain-tops, and so
on, to the shores of the bay at the south
ern extremity of the City.
The establishment of such a series of
parks is ' possible, and if the subject is
kept well to the front and the plans aie
devised with ordinary wisdom, there is a
prospect it may become probable. At any
rate an idea of this kind once put forward
will never be wholly lost sight of. Al
ways there will be more or less considera
tion given to the project, and in the grow
ing civic patriotism of the people, the in
creasing municipal pride of citizens and
the fuller understanding of the import
ance of parks to tho community, it is not
unlikely that a time will come when this
ambitious scheme will be taken up practi
cally and accomplished to the satisfaction
of our most sanguine hopes.
COAST EXCHANGES.
The Pomona Beacon reports that a nursery
man of that town has received orders for
300,000 young olive trees.
A glass factory at a cost of $50,000 is among
the new enterprises which the Herald dis
cerns anent Los Angeles prospects.
The Palo Alto News says that work has been
commenced on the new water system for that
town. The water is to be obtained from wells.
The Index Tribune ot Sonoma li pacified over
the fact that a petition approving the Dingley
bill ls being circulated and signed by every
grape-grower in the Sonoma Valley.
According to the News Santa Barbara is now
considering a proposition from an Eastern
company to furnish it with a municipal elec
tric light plant ot a capacity of 162,000 candle
power for the sum of $48,000.
The Amador Record's mining edition. issued
last week, was remarkably well got up for
a paper published in bo sparsely settled a
community. It compares favorably with
special editions issued in cities ten times the
size of Sutter Creek.
The White Telephone Company has com
pleted its line to Bakersfield, and the local
lines will soon be completed, connecting the
principal parts of the valley. The Visalia
Delia says a connection with San Francisco
will probably be made in a few months.
The Independent oDserves that Santa Barbara
is in the singular position of finding that she
is destroying her sea beach by hauling it
away. The sad sea waves neglect to replace
the sand which .is removed for filling in town
lots with a result that the beach ls being re
duced to a rocky skeleton.
The movement to have a free art gallery at
the Hazelton Library ought to be successful,
says the Stockton Independent. That city has
a number of artists who should willingly con
tribute pictures that will be a credit to them
and to the city and a source of pleasure to
those who visit the library.
The Santa Rosa Republican ls felicitating it
self upon* the circumstance that "good things
continue to come to Santa Rosa." This cheer
ful remark is evokod by the promise of a visit
from the Native Sons. Are we, then, to infer
that the Rebubiican regards the Native Sons as
'•good things," and if so, ln what light?
The Santa Cruz Sentinel flatly declares that
Santa Cruz will refuse to accept all Invi
tations to celebrate the Fourth of July with
any neighboring town. Santa Cruz is going to
have a celebration in her own yard, and
doubtless tho Sentinel's gifted editor will
thereat recite a poem of his own composing.
The lone Echo is branching into double-col
umn editorials on the road bond question. No
one who has ever driven over the roaas of
Amador County will feel the remotest inclina
tion to deny that they need Improving. The
possibility of bonding the county for the pur
pose of bringing about this reform is at pres
ent under serious consideration by the Echo
and its constituents.
Banta Clara Journal is 30 yeara old. The
first number was printed on May 1, 1867,
under the name of the Santa Clara News. At
the expiration of eleven years the name was
changed to the Journal. In 1888 it rose from
a weekly to a semi-weekly by which system of
publication it has been regularly appearing
ever since. These thirty years of experience
makes the Journal one of the landmarks of
Santa Clara Valley.
NEWS OF FOREIGN NAVIES
The old Japanese training-ship Asama,
built of wood about forty years ago, was re
cently sold at auction for $5340, and some of
the journals assert that there was corruption
iv tbe transaction.
Ninety-five ships-of-war of 335,455 tons are
in course of construction in the dockyards
and private yards in England. Of this num
ber 53 vessels of 121, 375 tons are building in
private yards for the British navy and 28 of
71,060 tons for loreign Governments.
Schneider's works at Le Creuzot are to build
three torpedo-boats for the French navy. The
boats are to have a speed of 24 knots and to
cost $63,380 each. The contract price of
boats in this country of 24 5 knot speed is
$97,500, or 54 per cent higher than the
French boats.
China has decided to keep pace with Japan's
navy and will order in the near future four
more armored cruisers of about 8000 tons,
two fast cruisers, or commerce-destroyers, and
several torpedo-boat destroyers. The size of
the larger vessels is limited by the absence of
harbors and drydocks in China to accommo
date anything larger than 10,000 tons.
A triple-screw battle-ship of 12.052 tons is
to be begun shortly at Brest. The engines will
be of 15,500 horsepower under forced draught,
to give a speed of 18 knots. The boilers will
be adapted for the burning of either coal or
petroleum. The armanjent will consist of
four 12-inch Canet guns,' eight 6J--£-inch, eight
4-inch and sixteen six-pounders. All of the
guns except the four 12-inch will be quick
firers. ■■■;:■■'-.:
Japan is carrying out her naval programme
with dispatch and orders for ono and possibly
two battle-ships will be given to English ship
builders. The two ships will be 14,850 tons
displacement, and are to carry four 12-inch
wire-wound guns mounted at an elevation of
twenty-five feet above water, enabling them
to be fought in the heaviest seas. The other
armament will include ten (5-inch and twenty
slx-pounder3. Each ship will cost nearly
$4,000,000, exclusive of guns.
The turbine system of propulsion is likely to
receive a trial on a largo scale warranted by
its success in a small torpedo-boat. The Tur
biana, built at Newcastle-on-Tyne, developed
a little over 30 knots speed on her first trial
about three months ago, but with certain im
provements has finally reached 32% knots.
The boat is only 42 tons displacement and 100
feet In length and is at least three-quarters of
a knot faster than any of tho torpedo-boat de
stroyers which range from 220 to 250 tons
and have a length of 180 to 220 feet.
Olive green has been selected by the German
Admiralty as the most suitable color for war
vessels as it renders ships least visible to
the enemy. This color was chosen by our
Navy Department a couple of years ago, but
having no war on hand, nor in prospect, our
ships are still painted white, which is more
conducive to the comfort on board ship than
any other color. During the Brazil rebellion
in 1894 the loyal ships were painted olive
green, which enabled the torpedo-boats to
approach the rebel flagship Aquldaban within
400 yards undetected and destroy her.
A Russian naval commission, appointed to
decide as to the most suitable fuel for large
ships-of-war aud torpedo-boats, has recom
mended that in consequence of the cost of
liquid fuel, as compared with coal, the Baltic
fleet shall use coal, but that as an experiment
half of the boilers of the battle-ship Admiral
Aprlxaus shall be adapted for liquid fuel. As
regards torpedo-boats these crafts are to use
liquid fuel. Owing to the difficulty of estab
lishing naphtha tanks at stations not under
Russia's control all large cruisers and ar
mored ships will have to continue to burn
coal. _____
PERSONAL.
Dr. B. H. Rantz of Placerville is at the Grand.
W. F. Boothe of New York li at the Pleas
anton.
Professor D. S. Jordan of Palo Alto is at the
Palace.
Dr. W. C. Heussy of Seattle is a guest at the
Lick House.
J. Goldfish, a merchant of Holilster, is at the
Grand Hotel.
Ex-Mayor Barber of Santa Barbara Is a guest
at the Grand.
W. A. H. Lewis of Salt Lake is stopping at
the Baldwin.
Charles S. Jones of Philadelphia is a guest
at the Palace.
M.J. Dickens of Stockton is at the Cosmo
politan Hotel.
"»V. J. Curry, a capitalist of Erie, Pa., is at the
Cosmopolitan.
S. A. Alexander, merchant of Fresno, is at
the Lick House.
Miss A. Stevens of Los Angeles is at the Cos
mopolitan Hotel.
E. St M. Smith, druggist of Colusa, is stop
ping at the Grand.
Dr. C. A. Pepper of Los Angeles is stopping
at the Occidental.
Ford Harvey of Kansas City, Mo., is a guest
at the Palace Hotel.
b. H. Mclntire of Helena, Mont., registered
at the Palace yesterday.
Mrs. F. E. Corbett of Butto, Mont., registered
at the Palace yesterday.
C. H. Ruddock of Chicago registered at the
Palace Hotel yesterday.
C. W. Hoffman of Sacramento is staying at
the Cosmopolitan Hotel.
R. A. Thompson of Santa Rosa registered at
the Occidental yesterday.
Judge A. P. Catlin of Sacramento registered
at the Lick House yesterday.
A. L. Black, an attorney of Seattle, registered
at the Grand Hotel yesterday.
F. S. Wcnsinger, a dairyman of Freestone,
Cal., is at the Occidental Hotel.
William Knowlton, a tourist from Worcester,
Mass., is at the Baldwin Hotel.
John Gardner, a successful mining man of
Angels, is a guest at the Grand.
F. Churchill Williams of Philadelphia is so
journing at the Occidental Hotel.
Oscar D. Stern, County Clerk of Humboldt
County, is a guest at the Lick House, srJ'JjJ
B. M Spencer, a merchant of Santa Rosa,
registered at the Grand Hotel yesterday.
C. E. Wardwell of Rome, N. V., arrived in
the City yesterday and put up at the Palace
Hotel.
Percy L. Sherman, managing owner of the
Paragon group of gold mines, Calaveras
County, is at the Palace Hotel. Jjj.
David N. Carvaiho and David T. Ames oi New
Statement of Crop of Sugar Beets Raised for the Western Beet-Sugar
Company, Watson in J 896, by Dethlefsen Brothers on
the Ranch of P. Breen, Near San Juan, Cal.
We give below a statement of the cost of raising and profits of beets farmed by the Dethlef
sen brothers, near San Juan. It will be noticed that a handsome saving was effected by work
ins beets by 'day labor instead of contracting them. Tho thinning, topping and loading of
beets Into wagons cost 55 cents per ton of beets, whereas the neighbors paid $1 05 per ton of
beets to contract those operations. Tho Detblefsens here made a gain oi $2225 50. It should
be stated that the profits to the Dethlefsens were greater than shown by the statement, as all of
their own work is charged for at full rates of wages. The hauling charge of 50 cents per ton
for a three-mile haul is too high, and with improved roads and sprinkling service will
cost loss this year. We will from time to time furnish our readers with similar accounts of the
best- farmed beet-fields in the Pajaro, Salinas and San Benito valleys. Beet farmers will find
these useful for comparison. [-JJJJ.J- \ ...- -,
Per
Ton.
lent of 388 acres at if 7 per acre , ;•_•:«••
'irst ptowlDß • —JSoSflsl.
iecoiirt pi owl v < spH9o 65 , v
lultivatiiiKHiia harrowing $500 00 )
owing-Labor • fSu'uH}
lowing— Use of dri11.... 9*o 80/
ieed— 2B3o pounds at 10 cents..... ;.....
'binning— lloo days at $1 ••• ■• •••••
'nltlva 1 ing and weed-cutting— One man ana two horses 30 days at 93
Mowing out— one man and warn 9» days at S3
'opping and loading into wagons— l33s.B days at $1.
I mi! l ni; three miles to switch at 60 cents per ton —
'relght on road to factory '.
;oat of knives and hoe« >••••'
Dterest .; ; • •
1,2 £6 66 1
113 80
283 00
1, It'll 00
90 CO
285 CO
1.53.") 30
■-vj-j:. 50
2,226 60
■JO 00
300 00
]
4
M
03
1
5
9
9
1
Tot expenses....... •
Income.
,461/276 tons of beets at f4.... •'
tale of beet tops •••• •
: 0,880 76
.7,817
200
i 74 86
84
Total income
$18.017 28
<76 7O
Net profit
Cost of above labor done by farmers personally is estimated at current rates of wages.
Nature of soil— Deep sandy loam, on banks of San Benito River, not subject to overflow.
Previous crop — Pasture for seven years. * <
First plowing— ln November, six inches deep.
Second plowing— ln February and March, ten inches deep.
Commenced sowing— May 1, 1896. yjy
Finished sowing-Juno 3, 1896.
Commenced harvest-September 8. 1896.
Finished harvest-January 19, 1897. ' ■-.
Yield of beets— lß 70 tons per acre. ' **.
Rainfall for 1895-96-22.05 Inches.
Average pounds of seed sown per acre— lo.
Number of acres resown—
Fertilizers used— None.
York, experts in handwriting who were en
gaged by Charles Fair, arrived from the East
last night and are registered at tho Palace
Hotel.
Fred Harvey of Leavenworth, Kan., regis
tered at the Palace Hotel yesterday. Mr. Har
vey controls the excellent chain of eating
houses and hotels along the line of the Atchi
son, Toneka and Santa Fe Railway system, and
has gained somewhat of a National reputa
tion for the good rendered to the traveling
public. When the company sought to intro
duce the dining-car he directed the attention
of tho courts to his contract, and the innova
tion was checked. '* JiS JJ* *:•-
E. C. Irvin of Philadelphia, president of the
Fire Association of that city ; W. H. Cunning
ham, manager of the same association in
Chicago; J. M. Beck, assistant manager,
Chicago, and O. J. Irvin, special agent of the
.Etna of Hartford in Philadelphia, are so
journing at the Palace HoteL They will visit
Monterey, Los Angeles and Pasadena during
the next fortnight and then return lor a visit
of several days in San Francisco. They are in
terested in improvements and measures for the
prompt extinguishment of fires. ' In Philadel
phia and Chicago the departments have
learned that the greatest success in fighting
fire is attained by throwing a large force Into
the field on the first alarm. Speed in getting
down to work Is regarded as essential. Mr.
Irvln was gratified to learn that the fire un
derwriters of San Francisco had ceased fight
ing among themselves and re-established the
compact. Mr. Cunningham regards the Fire
Department of Chicago as a great Institution,
and remarks that the system of giving the
Chief the full power of appointment adds
greatly to the efficiency of the service.
WITH YOUR COFFEE.
Crichton— What beautiful complexions the
Mascher girls have.
Amy— Yes; their father, you know, is a drug
gist.—North American.
Professor— Please give an example of actions
speaking louder than words. \A y . . ";•
Adlet— When a man calls for soda water and
accompanies his order with a wink, sir.—Har
lem Life.
Official— We have caught the scoundrel who
plotted against your Majesty's life.
The Sultan— Keep him safe until I decide
what punishment befits a man who would
have made so many widows.— Puck.
"So he praised my singing, did he?"
"Yes, he said it was heavenly."
"Did he really say that?"
"Well, not exactly, but he probably meant
that. He said lt was unearthly. "—London Tit-
Bits.
First Newspaper Man— hear Polndexter has
been discharged. What was the trouble 1
Second Newspaper Man— wrote an edito
rial paragraph about Governor Pingree and
failed to work in the word potato.— New York
Press.
"Hiram," said Mrs. Corntossel, "rm afraid
our Congressman ain't matin' the impression
at Washington thet we expected."
"Why, he's made some fine speeches."
"I know that. But I don't see the newspa
pers goin' inter no conniptions about the kind
o* clothes he wears."— Washington Star.
Bess— You could hardly call her a social suc
cess.
Jess— Why, she seems to have plenty of ad
mirers. "Ji-JJJ-
Bess— yes, If you look at it ln that way,
but I don't believe she's on friendly terms
with a single man she ever rejected.— Chicago
Journal. 4; yj
. "Yesterday," said Jabson, "I refused a poor
woman a request for a small sum of money,
and in consequence of my act I passed a sleep
less night. The tones of her voice were ring
ing Id my ears the whole time."
"Your softness of heart does you credit,"
said Matron. "Who was the woman?"
"My wife."— Detroit Free Press.
IN 'iHli MORNING.
In the mellow, hazy morning,
When the gentle breezes Dlay,
And the iua comes slyly peeping
At the sweetly sleeping day.
How Inspiring 'tis to wander
Where the dewdrope gem the graai-
Where the dripping roses give you
Pleasant greetings as you pats!
Yes, 'tis sweet, but, oh, far sweeter
Than to greet the infant day
Is It, when the sun comes peeping,
Just to lie and snooze away I
Cleveland Leader.
MEN AND WOMEN
Chess Is said to be the latest found hobby of
Count Tolstoi.
Mrs. John Sherman is exceedingly well read
and deeply interested In current events. Next
year she and Secretary Sherman will be able
to celebrate their golden wedding.
Sir R. Menzies of Menzies, the hereditary
chief of the Clan Menzies, is the oldest High
land chief of any clan now living. He Is in
his eightieth year and wears a kilt winter and
summer continuously. He stands 6 feet 3
inches in height.
Prince Eugene of Sweden, the youngest son
of King Oscar, who has been studying paint
ing for several years, will exhibit five or six
pictures of large size in the annual exhibition
at Stockholm, so the Swedish papers say, and
they apparently do not consider lt worth while
to add the proviso, "if they are accepted."
It seems that Ada Byrd, the little girl of 14,
whose marriage and elopement with the young
son of Governor Atkinson of Georgia has
caused such a furor, only followed the ex
ample of her forbears. Her mother, the for
mer wife of Charles P. Byrd, married at 13,
while her maternal grandmother, a Southern
poetess, married even younger.
Mme. iLoulso de Chapclaln de Serrevlle de
Crenay, Countess Doualriere de Bpaere, who
has just died at the Chateau de Brunette,
Vaucluse, might possibly have been Empress
of the French. When she lived as a girl near
Arenenberg Queen Hortense tried to get up a
marriage between her and Prince Louis Napo
leon. The young lady, luckily for her, pre
ferred the Danish C'omto de Sparre, a godson
of the Comte de Chambord.
Watsonville rajaronian.
REAL ESTATE
MARKET REVIEW
Agents Report Business
Dull for the Past
Week.
Investors' Attention at Present
Directed Toward Smaller
Priced Lots.
Operations in the Building Line Stilt
Continue Active— Som i Important
Contracts Recorded.
During the past week affairs in the real es
tate line have been quiet. The market, how
ever, is not in bad condition and prices re
main firm, notwithstanding the prevailing
apathy. . l'j§
The tendency with investors Just now is to
ward the smaller-priced lots for building pur
poses. The town is spreading out very rapidly
in all directions, and centrally located resi
dence sites at a moderate figure will soon be
at a premium. The extension of the street
car service to all of the outlying sections of
the City and the building of cross-town roads
has had a good effect upon small holdings.
Money continues easy, the banks being filled
with coin, and the several building contracts
which pass to record weekly show that opera
tions in this line are quite lively.
REVIEW OF THE RECORDS.
There were ninety-eight deeds recorded dur
ing the past week. The mortgages numbered
sixty-one and were for a total of $111,315.
Among them were the following: *■<.*
From Paul Barbiere to Italian Swiss Mutual
Loan Association, $4500 for six years at 6 per
cent per annum on property on the south line
of Clay street, 127:5 feet east of Leavenworth,
27:6x114 feet; by the Hibernia Bank to Giu
seppi and E.sie K. Glnocchio, $0500 for one
year at Ola per cent on property in Mission
block 152, on the east lino of Folsom street,
178 feet north ol Twenty-fourth, north 77,
east 122:6, south 25, east 22:6, south 104,
west 45, north 52, west 100; by Asea Perrone
to the same, $6000 for one year at
8 per cent on the same premises,
and also on property in Sonoma
county; by the Hibernia Bank to Alexander
J. Wilson, $6000 for one year at 6% per cent
on property in Western Addition block 355,
on the south line of Pine street, 181:3 west of
Fillmore, west 50 by south 127:6; by the Pro
gress Mutual Loan Association to Emma and
Isaac Trumbo, $10,000 for six years at 7 per
cent on property in Western Addition block
157, on the southeast corner of Sutter and
Octavia streets, east 25 by south 110.
There were forty-two releases recorded
during the past week, reaching a total of
$111,391. -J:---
The following were among the principal
ones: From the National Home and Loan As
sociation to Leopold Kutner, $5000 on prop
erty on th» north line of Post street, 80:3 feet
east of Polk, 24:6x120; from the German Bank
to John Craig. $8000 on property in Homer's
Addition block 63, on the southwest corner of
Chattanooga and Twenty-fourth streets, south
64 by west 100, and $200 on property on the
south line of Twcnty-iourth street, 150 east of
Church, east 100 by south 64; from the same
to Michael C. Taylor, $7000 on property in
Mission block 22, at the Intersection of the
cast line of Guerrero and the southeast line of
Market streets, south s2:9^, east 76 :4}^, north
15, northwest 78:4, southwest 33 M /i; l irom the
Hibernia Bank to Lulu F. Baldwin, $8000
on property in Western Addition block 9, on
the north line of Ellis street, 95 west of
Larkin, west 27:6, north 120, east 22:6, south
60, east 5, south 60; from Alice A. and Ezra
Tompkins, David B. Maxwell and Andrew M.
Maxwell to Isaac and Emma Trumbo, $30,000
on property in Western Addition block 157,
on the southeast corner of Sutter . and Octavla
streets, east 25 by south 110.
NEWS ITEMS.
At the northwest corner of Baker and Pine
streets a three-story frame building, arranged
in flats, ls to be erected by A. dark. ._-.
The parishioners of St. Charles parish are
contemplating the erection of a new church
adjoining their present structure on Seven
teenth, near Shotwell street
A cottage house is to be built by Peter Lev
ensen ou the north line of California street,
between First anti Second avenues.
Sewall Dolliver has let contracts for the con
struction of a two-story residence on the east
line of Spruce street, 100 feet south of Wash
ington.
Fifty men are at work on the southern
heights of the Potrero district preparing the
foundation for a steel tank as a reservoir for
the Spring Valley Wator Company.
P. Barry has had plans drawn for a two
story frame building to be erected on Tenth
street, near Harrison.
M. Kchuppert is to construct a three-story
brick building on the north line of Jackson
Btreet, 102:9 east of Stockton.
The Richmond District Improvement Club
will petition the Supervisors to sell the tract
of land in which the City Cemetery is located
and use the proceeds to buy another tract
more remote from the City for the indigent
dead.
Several alterations and additions will be
made by John Craig in the premises on the
west line of Chattanooga street, thirty feet
south of Twenty-fourth street, -"'. A-r
Mrs. Mary Sheppard is to erect a two-story
Irame building, arranged in flats, on the
southeast corner of Seventeenth and Colllng
wood sir-fits.
Frank Koch has let contracts for the erec
tion of a three-story frame building on the
south line of Pago street, 76:3 feet east of
Scott. .J; J ■ rry '^Jy-J
A two-story frame building is to be erected
by P. Barry on the southeast line of Tenth
street, 200 feet southeast of Harrison.
Christian Warneke has let contracts fora
large portion of the construction of a fourd
story frame building, arranged in stores and
flats, on the southeast corner of Haight an-
Devisadero streets.
A two-story frame residence is to be erected
by William ftaack on the southwest corner of
Chenery and Groton avenue.
P. J. Fitzpatrick is to build a two-story
frame building on the south line of California
street, 26 feet east of Lyon.
A large number of contracts for the building
of the new Catholic church on Fillmore street,
near Fell, were let during the week.
J. D. Siemers has let contracts for the build
ing of a two-story frame structure, arranged
in flats, on the northeast corner of Guerrero
and Twenty-second streets.
Some alterations and additions are to be
made in the building of Henrietta Lucas on
the north line of Washington street, 92 feet
west of Taylor.
W. ni. Lacey is to build a cottage house on
the west line of Seventh avenue, 177 feet
south of Clement street.
Plans for a two-story building, arranged in
flats, to be erected on the north side of Sacra
mento street, 137:6 feet west of Cherry, are
being prepared for Frank H. Foot, who will
commence the erection of the building at an
early date.
The renovations in the old Cosmos Club, on
Powell street, near Post, are nearing comple
KEW TO-DAT.
Your throat is weak. Any
unusual exposure or quick
change in temperature causes
roughness and uneasiness.
Sometimes you have a feel-
ing of tightness as if some
foreign body were there.
You can treat it with troches
and washes, but you don't
reach the seat ofthe trouble.
Throat weakness is a symp-
tom of more general disturb-
ance. Scott's Emulsion of
Cod-liver Oil dors cure weak
throats by healing the in-
flammation and nourishing
andstrengtheningthc system.
Vor sale by all druggists at jo centa and $t.o_.
{ _ SCOTT .\ now Nii, Ch-smlii* n.w York.:
tion. Negotiations are now pending for the
lease of the basement as a French restaurant,
the lirst floor as physicians' offices and parlors
for a lady tailor, and the second floor for a*
fashionable lodging-house.
On the north line of Sacramento street, be
tween Jones and Leavenworth, Dr. Mahan will
shortly commence the construction of a three
flat house. [Ar r-j, y^s -y^j
Plans are being prepared for a three-story
building consisting of a store and two flats, to
be erected at the southwest corner of Jackson
and Buchanan streets.
W. H. Talbot has purchased the residence of
Mrs. Caroline Howes Robinson near Kedwood
City for $15,000. David Bush of the country
department of G. H. Umb-ien & Co. was the
broker. The Norris ranch in Contra Costa
County has been sold by the same firm to Ida
Belle Dennis for $1600. '.
• I. c Market-street Railway Company are
erecting electric power poles on II street.
Several alterations and additions are to be
made in the dwelling of H. Goldstein onthe
south side of Harrison street, between Second
and Third. "*,' . ***' *'-.'.
Easton, Eldridge & Co. will have a miscella
neons auction sale on Tuesday. May 11.
The following recent sales are reported by
ShainwaJd. Buckbee & Co.: Lot 40x127 l 4on
the north line of Jackson street, west of Stei
ner, $12,300 ; lot 27:6x103:6, on the west line
of (iuugh street, between Sacramentoand Clay,
$6000; lot 52:6x120,0n the south line of
O'Farrel street, 137:6 west of Gough, $8500;
store and Hat on the northwest corner of Twen
ty-first and Hampshire streets, 25x93, $5500;
lot 25x100 and Improvements, on the east line
of Michigan street, near Napa, and adjoining
lot of same size on Georgia street, $5000.
On Saturday, May 15, Haston, EldndgeA Co.
will offer at auction 2200 acres of the Merrell
ranch at Vacaville. The property will be sold
ln subdivisions of eighty acres each.
G. H. Umbsen & Co. have added another im
portant subdivision to the auction catalogue
of property to be ottered on the 10th inst.
The subdivision in question is the row of flats
at the southwest corner of Golden Gate avenue
and steiner stieet and the handsome residence
adjoining. The property has a frontage of
137:6 feet on the avenue by a depth of 100
feet on Steiner street.
Five hundred acres of the Bernal estate near
Sunol has been subdivided and will be placed
on the market, for sale in subdivisions of five
to fifteen acres. Griffith, ClarK & Co., the
agents, to uso mining parlance, believe they
have struck a rich lead in view of the fact that
the land, they say, is some of the finest for
fruit and vegetable- raising in the State.
Cal. glace fruit 50c per lb., at Townsend'*. *
» ■» — -»
Epecial information daily to manufacturers,
business nouses and public men by the Press
Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Montgomery. *
• — * — >
Mark Hopkins Institute of Art.
The spring exhibition is now open dally
irom 9 a. m. to 5 p. m. and grand concert every
Thursday evening. *
— — — — • — ■»
"Who lost a dime?" yelled a newsboy.
"I did," replied four or five.
"Well, I didn't find one."— Louisville Cou
rier-Journal.
The Swiftest Train in th« West—
:\}J, Days to Chicago or St. I.oaia—
•I ' _ Days to Kew York.
The Santa Fe Limited has dining-car, buffet
smoking-car and Pullman palace drawing-room
sleeping-cars. Leaving San Francisco at 6p. v.
Mondays and Thursdays, connection la made at
Barstow with this handsome train. Through cars
to Chicago, both Pullman palace drawing-room
and modern upholstered .tourist sleepers, ran
daily. Tickets also sold via Portland, Ogden, Los
Angeles, JDemlng or El Paso to all points ln the
United. States, Canada, Mexico or Kurope. See
time table ln advertising column. San Francisco
ticket office 614 Market street, Chronicle build
ing. Telephone Main 1531. Oakland, 1118
Broadway.
Bailroad Tickets to the Hast, via Bio
Grande Western and Denver and
Bio Grande Railway!,
At lowest possible rates, with through Pullman
buffet and tourist sleeping car service every day.
Personally conducted excursions leaving Tuesday,
Wednesday and Thursday. Only line permitting
stop-over at Salt Lake City on all classes ot tickets
Detailed information and tickets furnished at li
Montgomery street, or 314 California street.
"Mrs. "Wlnslo-w'e Soothing; Syrup"
Has been nsed over fifty years by millions ot
mothers for their children while Teething with pep.
feet success. it soothes tbe child, softens the gams,
allays Pain, cures Wind Colic, regulates the Bowels
and Is the best remedy for Diarrhoeas, whether ant
ing from teeth ing or other causes. For sale by drug
gists in every part of the world. Be sure and aak
tot Urs. Wlnalow'a Soothing Syrup. 86c a bottle.
Coron'ado.— Atmosphere ls perfectly dry, soft
and mild, being; entirely free from tne mists com
mon farther north. Round- trip tickets, by steam
ship, Including fifteen days' board at the Hotel del
Coronado, 1 60 ; longer stay $2 60 per day. Apply
_ New Montgomery street, San Francisco.
Spriks Chickens are not always tender; bnt
Ayar's Pills enable the stomach to digest the
toughest meat.
"I suppose that you'll tell me next that you
will go to your mother?"
"Not at all. I'm not so foolish as that."
"Well, what aro you going to do T"
"I'm going to ask dear mamma to come
here." (He gave in.)— Judge.
NEW TO-DAT.
NO RISK
Teas, Coffees,
Spices, Extracts,
Baking; Powder,
AT THB
Pure Food
STORES
Great American Imports Tea Ci
100 Pure Food
Stores. EXPERTS
know what's PURE
and what's not pure.
PURE FOOD OUR STRONGHOLD.
■\V>fi_a**^-*jw f '**-* \sf_f£r»J?&-^Jrl?
\^ yy&-.% -^\S_ _>^
sp_ctacles&'EyeGlasseS
AQCdRATFLY.fITTEDBY
y'jy-j EXPERT OPTICIANS
AT MODERATE PRICES.;
'PTICiANSA-.^PHOTOW^
642 MARKET ST. ??£???
-Mlfl CHHOniCLC BUILOIMG .
<KX>-0-0-00-000000
AN EXCELLENT
"ft Jf T7» A T Properly prepared and
IVI l"\./*\ I promptly served, can
AwAA— « _.-__-< always bo obtained in
THE GRILL ROOM OF THE
Decidedly tho T******, AT A /^t?
Dining Popular KAI A ( M
Dining Apart- •»■ ■* Al—/-*- IV Jl .4
moot in town. * -* -* BHaM - a _
<KK><KK><KK>Q<XH>
GROVE L. JOHNSON
HAB BKIIOVXO HIS LAW OFFICES FROM
Sncramento to Han Francisco and formed a
nartii»rsiii|i with Waller H. Unforth and ueorge
! _*. liiiukiT, with oilices at 310 Pine sl.'■■Witt fiMi
*^S*<_liw^2MSsS____.
Jk/nPAY MAY 3, 1898
* AMUSEMENTS.
Baldwin Theater —"El Capitan."
Columbia TnKATEB - A Bun on the Bank."
Morosco's Opera - House —' An American
Hero.
Alcazar Theater "East LynnJ."
1 ivoli Opera House- *- h a mus O'Brien."
-High-Class Vaudeville.
*-.t*TRo Baths.— Bathing and Performances.
■ The -Chutes and skat in-) Ki-.K-Daily at
. Baight street, ono block east of the Part.
Hay-ward's Park.— Concerts every Sunday.
-fr-ACUic Coast Jockey Club.— Baces to-day.
PICNICS AND EXCURSIONS.
El- Campo— Music, Dancing, Boating. Fishing,
eTery Sunday.
AUCTION iAL_S.
By Indiana Auction Co.— This day. May 3,
. Furniture, at 235 O'Farrell st., at 2 o'clock.
By I*. S. Hpkaß &■ Co.— This day. May 3,
Fifrniture. at 14; Hatgbt st., at 11 o'clock. On
Tuesday at 926 Howard greet.
"BY -street & Crksswell— Tuesday, May 4,
Horse***, etc., at 7-l-7'.';*i Howard st . at 11 o'clock.
£y Killip * Co.- Wednesday. May *'-'• Horses,
at cor. Market st. and Van > ess aye.. at 10 o'clock
CITY NEWS IN BRIEF.
A snug sum was captured by a thief in the
.mam baths.
Many attractions are offered at the several
theaters for this evening.
A cloudy Monday morning and a fair Mon
day is the" weather promise.
The Park Museum is to have a large new
picTure gallery right away.
The attendance of riflemen at Shell Mound
■yesterday was not as large as usual.
' There was a large attendance of marksmen
at the Schuetzen Park range yesterday.
-.At. the San Francisco Handball court yes
...rerday' Al. Hampton and T. F. Bonnet de
" ieated" J.C. Nealon and John Riordan.
■' 'Jhe forty-eighth annual picnic of the
N. • -ght s of the Red Branch was held at Shell
.• Mound yesterday.
' .'-ChieT of Police Lees listened to Rev. J.
George Gibson's address to men at Y. M. C, A.
ha.H yesterday afternoon.
.Joseph B. Leggett delivered an Interesting
address on "Socialism and Single Tax" last
evening in Pythian Castle.
Tne Christian Endeavorers will meet in
mass convention Thursday evening in the
First Congregational Church.
Th the recent military tournament at the
Fresidio the trophy was carried off by Com
; any D of the Benicia barracks.
The cricket game played yesterday at
(.olden Gate between the Pacific and Bohe
mian clubs resulted in an easy victory for the
former.
There will be heavy artillery practice at the
military posts around the bay to-day, and that
will account for the booming of the big guns
. to be heard.
The delegates from this City and the bay
counties will leave to-day for -Marysville to
' -attend ihe session of the Grand Court, Forest
,-. ers America.
The iirahmacharin gave his lecture on "Re
• ligion as a Synonym ior Education" last night
and made uo reference to his quarrel with the
Woman's Congress.
Professor H. W. Thornton and his wife have
survived her dose of chloroform and his hyp
notic irance caused by a report that the pro
fessor was a bigamist.
Theodore Durrant was visited by Major Win
cheii and Editor SfiUsap of the Salvation Army
at San Quentin yesterday. To them he pro
' tested his innocence.
' Several shots were fired yesterday morning
. : .in alow iging-house. s'S'i Pacific street, one
of ihe bullets striking ii. Simon, a second
hand store keeper, on the heel.
. Otto Ziegler Jr. and 11. E. Mcßea won the
professional races ana E. F. Russ won the two
amateur events a; the Velodrome cycle tract
yesterday, 1. was the occasion of the inaugu
■ r.at'io-h *. of Sunday racing, ana the venture
i -proved a big success, there being a large crowd
•■ present and tne sport was fast and exciting.
re '•'. SOUTH ENDS PIONIO.
■'J he*... Popular Rowing Club Holds an
• 1.. Enjoyable Outing
The South End Rowing Club held an
enjoyable picnic at Bohemian Grove yes
terday.
The members of the popular club and
their friends left the City at 9 o'clock, and
alter three hour*' delightful riding
through a beautiful country they arrived
at the picnic grounds.
'"'.. The merry-makers quickly spread them
selves over the spacious grounds, and
after lunch, dancing, rowing and fishing
were the order of the day.
. The success of the outing is due to the
efforts of W. O'Brien, Thomas Barry, W.
ilicketts, Thomas Lynch, G. Fox, J.
Lyons, John L. Herget, James Foley, J.
Lester Gabriel, D. Connolly. Hugh Mc-
Isaacs,. Ed Learey, James Pallas, W. Me
herin and Thomas McCauley.
■Wabb & Yokes, who have been convulsing
large audiences at the Columbia with their
nonsensical melange, "A Run on the Bank,"
enter upon the second and last week of their
engagement to-night. A number of new songs
will be introduced, including "Our Politi
dans," "The Handicap," and a parody en
titled *'_ Love to See My Dear Old Mother
Work."- Lucy Daly will also introduce new
speeia ties, and the attendance bids fair to be
as large as during the first week. Great prep
arations are being maae for the spectacular
production*; "Excelsior Jr.," which comes to
this hpuse next Monday. *
NEW TO-DAT.
"Red Letter Day."
/ PARLOR DESKS.
■Wy *p
) 'I-, This Desk is Oak, carved,
curved, shaped and polished
/ —that all-over prettiness that
•pictures can't give.
°C The few that are left go
.'• to-day at $7. 50 instead of $10.
■-Others'- for $3.7?. Not so
pretty.
California Furniture Company.
>-• N. P. Cole & CO., Carpets,
1 1 7-1 2 1 Geary Street. Mattings.
SPOOKS ON THE
CAPTAIN WEBER
Dr. McCall and Frank
Boley Are Now Play
ing Pranks.
Waiters Assert That They Have
Seen Both Men Twice
Since Their Death.
«
Act Over Again in tbe Stateroom
Tbeir Last Night on
Earth.
Negroes are the most superstitious peo
ple in the United States, and those em
ployed on the steamer Captain Weber are
no exception to the rule. They swear by
all the saints in the calendar that the
spirits of Dr. James C. McCall and Frank
Boley hold high revel in one of the stern
wheeler's staterooms between the hours of
12 and 4 a. m.
The two men go through what one of the
waiters calls '"a Cherokee war dance.' 1
Then one of the men lies down and a min
ute later draws a flask from bis hip rocket
and takes a drink. He puts the flask close
to bis left hand and goes to sleep.
The other spirit remains around for a
time and then starts to get to bed. It
takes off its shoes and stockings, puts a
pillow from the upper berth on the floor
and lies down. Then the spook sees the
flask, reaches over and seizes it. After
the curtain falls and rises again all the
negroes can see is the ordinary stateroom
usually seen on a river steamer, in which
is an empty whisky flask and two bodies —
apparently two passengers "under the
weather."
"So help me, mister," Baid one of the
waiters yesterday, "it it isn't just like
life. Dr. McCall he goes to sleep quick.
The other man he walks around a long
time. When he takes that last drink of
whisky, then the lights go out."
Thursday morning the Stockton steamer
Captain Weber arrived at Clay-street
wharf with two dead bodies in one of tbe
rooms. They were Dr. James C. McCall,
a physician, and Frank Boiey, a
a carpenter. Both men were well known
in Stockton, and several of their boon
companions were down to see them off
when tbe steamer sailed. McCall secured
a stateroom, but Boley only paid his gen
eral fare, which amounted to 25 cents. At
Antioch he and the doctor went ashore
and alter asking their way to a saloon
disappeared. The supposition is that on
their return they brought a flask of
whisky with them, and that the doctor
dropped more than his wont of his favorite
drug into it.
Be that as it may both men were hi
larious when the steamer was once again
under way for San Francisco. Neither
was seen alive again and just how they
came to their death no one knows unless
it happened as the negro waiters on the
Captain Weber assert it did. Twice they
have seen Dr. McCall and *Frank Boiey in
a state of jollity and then tney see the doc
tor go to sleep and then Boley follow his
example.
The captain and purser of the steamer
laugh at the story and say it is all born of
the imagination. Purser Gillis has slept
in the room in which the men were found
and he never saw « sign of a spook. "Best
room in the ship. Never had a better
night's rest in my life," was all Mr. Gillis
would say. The unfortunate part of the
business is that since the ghost story has
got around the entire traveling public
wants that particular room.
It will be no fault of the waiters if every
passenger on to-night's trip does not have
"the" room in question. Just who will
see the ghosts, however, remains to be
seen.
Accidental Deaths.
Edward Cuardo, a teamster, while unload
ing some lumber on Friday, was caught under
the falling boards, and received injuries
which caused his death. He was conveyed to
the City and County Hospital after receiving
the injuries, which eventually proved fatal.
His body was removed to the Morgue.
Amanda yon Ronn, a young woman of 29
years, was found dead at the home of her par
ents, 1134 Filbert street, yesterday morning
from the effects of coal eas through careless
ness, it is supposed, in turning oS the jet. An
open book was found on a chair at the head of
the girl's bed, snowing that she had been
reading previous to turning out the light
This, with a very loose stopcock on the jet'
was taken as proof that. in turning out the
light the girl made a mistake.
The woman tennis champion of New
Zealand has but one hand, and that is the
left one; but she can serve a ball that is
exceedingly difficult to return.
San Francisco hasn't had
such an array of Parlor Desks
before.
Several hundred patterns,
each differing from the rest
by some quirk, or twist, or
color— actually, they're too
temptingly pretty to describe.
Heavy Desks for the li-
brary, dainty Desks for the
boudoir. Desks in dark
woods; in light woods— in
fact, Desks for every con-
ceivable want a Desk could
be put to.
They're tempting enough
at regular prices. At "Red
Letter" prices they're simply
irresistible.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, MAY 3, 1897.
The River Steamer Captain Weber on Which Dr. James C McCall and Frank Boley Were. Found
Dead Last Thursday Morning;. The Waiters Assert That Twice Since the Tragedy the
Men Have Appeared in Their Room and Have Gone Through the Details of Last
Wednesday's Debauch.
A NORTHWESTER
RAISED TROUBLE
Steamers Walla Walla and
Corona Were Both De
layed.
The Missionary Barkentine
Morning Star Caught in
the Gale.
Arrival of a Scotchman Who Has
Been Twenty-Five Years in
the Carolines.
Every vessel that reached port yester
day had a tale of hard times to tell. The
Walla Walla, from Puget Sound ports,
ran into the storm off Flattery and was
delayed five hours, the Corona was nine
hours behind time and it was only by a
scratch that the missionary barkentine
Morning Star got in at all.
The representatives of the Pacific Trans
fer Company and the Commercial Trans
fer Company made a race for the Corona,
and both men had a very hard time of it.
M. Kelly, for the Pacifies, got aboard, but
got wet through in making it. Wells
stood on and off in his launch, and using
the megaphone secured the bulk of the
business. When the Corona docked both
runners looked as though they had been
soaking in the bay for half an hour.
"OS Flattery it blew a gale," said Cap
tain Wallace of the Walla Walla yester
day. "There were times when we were
lucky to hold our own, and if it had not
been for a lucky change in the wind we
would not have got in Sunday morning."
According to the passengers the waves at
times ran mountains high and frequently
broke over the ship, making it very un
comfortable for people promenading the
deck.
The Corona had almost a similar expe
rience. Between Point Conception and
Port Harford Captain Jepsen said she was
ten hours making forty miles, and after
passing Point Sur there were time-* when
the good ship was not making a knot an
hour. "Even if we are behind time," said
Captain Jepsen yesterday, "we have made
a splendid run considering the weather.
We had the gale blowing in our teeth ever
since wo passed Conception, and in the
circumstances the Corona has made a
splendid showing." i|
The Morning Star is the missionary ves
sel connected with the Congregational
Church. She is barkentine riirged and
has an auxiliary screw. Yesterday
while making an anchorage she had
several narrow escapes. A native seaman
was at the wheel and when Captain Bray
ordered him to put his helm to starboard
he put it hard aport and nearly ran the
vessel Into the ferry-boat San Rafael.
When given the word "steady" he im
mediately put a rope around the spokes to
hold the wheel "hard aport" and as the
Morning Star began describing a circle
she nearly ran down the schooner Piute.
After that the captain took the wheel
Mr.v Jeannette Thornton, Who Attempted Suicids, and H«*N-»
Thorntor> Her H-usfcait?*
himself and finally brought the barken
tine to an anchor.
The Morning Star had a terrible time of
it in the northwester. All hands were on
deck for fifty-six hours and Captain Bray
and Chief Officer Garland were completely
worn out when the vessel came to an
anchor. The Star 'has been constantly in
commission for five years and during that
time she has only been twice on the dry
dock—once at Auckland, N. Z., and once
at Honolulu, H. I. She is now in San
Francisco for a thorough overhauling.
Captain Bray, who was formerly secretary
of the Young Men's Christian Associa
tion of Oakland, brought her up, while
Captain Garland, who had commanded
the craft in the southern seas, came up as
first mate.
For five years the Morning Star has
been cruising among the Gilbert, Marshall
and Caroline groups, mating her head
quarters at Run in the Carolines.
Amoug the passengers from that point
is a venturesome Scotchman named A.
(Sandy) Bowker. He made his home in
Ruk in ISBI and there married one of the
native princesses. He has now three
handsome little children and wants them
educated. He is a carpenter by trade, but
is a handy man at anything. When the
Moraine " Star's engineer was taken sick
"Sandy" took charge of the machinery
and ran the ve-sel as though he had been
born to the business. According to him
Chriatianity is gaining ground in the
Southern seas and in a lew years idols of
wood and stone will be sold as curiosities.
Lieutenant E. F. Webber, engineer in
charge of the revenue cutter Hartley, has
been ordered to New "fork, where he will
take command of the engine-room of the
revenue cutter Chandler. Mr. Webber has
made a host of friends while in California,
all of whom will be sorry to hear of his
removal. __^_____
FORESTERS OF AMERICA.
The Delegates From San Franclico
Will Start To-Day for the Grand
Court at Marysville. '
The Grand Court of the Foresters of
America, jurisdiction of California, will
convene in its ninth annual session at
Marysville to-morrow and will remain in
session until Saturday.
Seven of the courts will not send dele
gates to tne Grand Court, but the other 137
courts will be represented by about 182
delegates.
The names of those who will represent
the courts were published in the fraternal
department of The Call as soon as they
were received at the office of the grand
secretary, C. H. Bremer.
During the session a number of amend
ments to the constitution will be offered.
Then there will be the election of grand
officers for the next term and the con
sideration of the next place of meeting.
The officers of the Grand Court are: R.
B. Vel'age, grand chief ranger; J. S. W.
Saunders, grand Bub-chief ranger; S. A.
White, grand treasurer; C. H. Bremer,
grand secretary; E. L. Forster, grand re
cording secretary; J. Samuels, grand se
nior woodward ; E. S. Harrison, grand ju
nior wood wardr Elias Holden, grand senior
beadle; Dr. W. A. Weldon, grand junior
beadle; S. L. Waller, J. E. Cox and 0. C.
Gregory, grand trustees; past grand chief
rangers — Fred C. Hensley, San Francico;
Rufus B. Harmon, Sacramento; Lewis
Thome, Los Angeles; Joseph D. Ca«e, San
Francisco; John D. Cordy, San Francisco;
C. P. Rendon, Stockton ; A. Orfilla, Los
Angeles.
Court Pride of Marysville has made ex
tensive arrangements, together with the
citizens of that city, for tbe entertainment
of the delegates to the Grand Court and
grand officers when not engaged in the
transaction of bu3ines«. The committee
of arrangements is composed of T. J.
O'Brien, chairman; R. E. Bevan, secre
tary; J. M. Cremin and H. E. Schmidt.
CUBAN PATRIOTS
WIRE MORGAN
He Is Urged to Continue
His Good Work for
the Insurgents.
Monster Petitions Being Signed
in All the Cities of the
Coast.
Thousands of Dollars Being Sub
scribed Toward tbe Games
at Sausalito.
The Cuban League yesterday sent an
earnest request to United States Senator
Morgan, notifying him that about 20,000
signatures had been obtained from all over
California, asking Congress to recognize
the independence of Cuba. It as as fol
lows:
Sax FRANCISCO, May 1, 1897.
To Hon. Senator Morgan (of Alabama), Wash
ington, I). (...* Twenty thousand signatures
from all over California to the petit.ou for
Cuban independence has been received and
others are coming i:i rapidly. Very few refuse
to sign. Petition will be the largest ever sent
to Congress from this coast. The sentiment
througaout the country is the same as here.
The people desire the independence of Cuba.
As soon as the United States recognizes her in
dependence, the whole world will follow.
Cuba wili be free, and not another drop of
blood will be shed. Urge on your gallant
light. Cuoan League of San Francisco.
Faust E. Mascukbin'l, Secretary.
J. 11. Jones, President.
The total number who have signed The
Call's petition for the independence o:
the Pearl of the Antilles in San Francisco
and other cities and towns, as gathered
by F. E. Mascherini, secretary of the
league, to whom the names have been for
warded, is something surprising. The re
turns show the sentiment to be as unani
mous as it is possible to be. These are
the figures: JJ'JJ'
San Francisco, 10,240; Butte City, 23;
Woodland. 410; Modesto. 123; Eureka, 852;
Los Angeles, 2120; Sacrameuto, 1219; Block
ton, 530; Rid B.uff, 124; Chico, 230; Oro
ville, 195; Soulsbyville, 20; M-irysvi.le, 178;
Oakland, 2200; San Rafael, 77; Santa Rosa,
123; Ben Lomond, 33; Peta.uma, 165; Cres
cent City, 71; Colusa, 135: Fresno, 235;
Tulare, 45; Merced, GO; San Bernardino, 200;
Santa Barbara, 222; San Luis Obispo, 110 Ala
meda, 231; Bakersfield, 70; Berkeley, 125;
Copperopons, 20; Dovvnievi.L-, 121; Yolo, 35;
Willows, 137; St. Helena, 205; Santa Ana, 32;
Ukiah, 55; Vacaville, 36; Susanville, 00; Vi
salia, 75; Haywards, 50; Crass Valley, 224;
Fort Bragg, 27; Ferndale, 45; Dutch F. at, 25;
Calistoga, o*2; Hollister, 78; Nevada City, 95:
Lakeport, 27; Santa Cruz, 255; Yreka, 30;
Blackfoot, 22; Auburn, 35; Sausalito, 65;
scattering, 875; total, 23,599.
The Cuban League picnic will take place
at Wildwood Glen Park, Sausalito, May
30. Many prizes are being contributed by
patriotic men and women interested in
the freedom of Cuba. Thousands of dol
lars' worth of prizes are being subscribed,
so the secretary of the league states.
From the appearance of the following
list the number of prizes will be very large :
D. De Bernardi <fc Co., sack of corn meal; M.
Kerr, 804 Montgomery street, sack of wood;
Migiiavacca, Napa, case of wine; Wichman,
iyUtgen & Co., gallon gilt edge O. X. ; Washing
ton brewery, cask of beer; C. Lercar* & Co.,
two boxes of potatoes; Cnmpodonico «fc Mal
com, bix of fruit; Lercari & XnrUini, box of
fruit; A. Pessano, two jars of preserved fruit;
J. JL Jones, two pounds of Mocha coffee; G. R.
Lucy <_ Co., box of soap; S. H. Tyler & Sons.
one pound of coffee; R. D. Chandler, ton of
coal; Pretzman & Schurmann, case ot wine;
Buchanan Bros., hair brush; Cumming & Son,
silver cream pitcher;' Uncle Jacob, Cuban
diamond stud; J. Tout, pocket knife; Sperry
Flour Company, 100 pounds of flour; Cutting
Fruit Packing; Company, case of tomatoes; C.
Landucci, gallon wine; A. Carle, oil painting;
California Soda Works, dozen champagne
elder; A. Meyer, bottle of 0.X.; Major Wil
liam Fahev, $2 50 pair of kid gloves; Eclipse
Cracker Company, box of crackers; J. D.
Drlnkhouse & Co., oox cigars; O.V. tamano
vich, ualion olive oil; Wolf, Wreden & Co.,
dozen russet cider; K. A. Luudstrum, hat; W.
Kaiser, two boxes French candy; C. Carry &
Co.. case Zinfaudel ; Columbus Paste Company,
box macaroni; E. Martinoni, two bottles of
O. X.; George Wood, table cover; Del Monte
Milling Company, two packages Semola; Mrs.
J. H. Jones, necktie pin ; Mrs. F. E. Mus
cherine, half dozen silver teaspoons: Lowen
stoln Bros., picture frames; Leopold's, lamp
shade; Enterprise Soda Works, dozen cider;
j. W. Classen, half dozen Breakfast Delight;
Golden Rule Bazaar (Davis Bros.), one pair
vases, one silver sugar bowl, one fancy fan,
one album, half-dozen silver teaspoons; W. R.
Charlton, one box (100 cak-***) Menlo soap;
Katz & Son, one ham: F. Übner, one fruit
cake; Julia Hess, one box of candy; Elite
photograph gallery, half dozen photographs;
A Wallenstein, half dozen tickets to the
Chutes; I. Greeubauin. one pair earrings: and
more prizes to be donated. Jjyj
NEW TO-DAT.
More Money
_ "' *•' " ♦*»-*'
in selling adulterated food
for both grocers and
manufacturers. Why then
do we and some grocers
sell pure >
Stea baking powder
coffee flavoring extracts
soda and spices
like Schillings Best?
Reason: Pure Food is
good; people like it; and
they like the grocer who
sells it.
A Schilling & Company " _2_
,: San Francis-jo ;■ ..\-A -.-; -M?
LOVE STRONGER
THAN HYPNOTISM
Mediums Glad They Sur
vived Trances and
Chloroform.
Professor Thornton and His Wife
Deny Charges of His
Bigamy.
"I Married Him When Wide Awake,
and I Lova Him With Mj
Eyes Open," She Says.
Mrs. Jeanette Daisy Thornton, pretty,
brunette, and 19. is happy with her hus
band, the hypnotist, at 44 Sixth street.
She is glad that the chloroform tbat she
drank Saturday night when she believed
her husband had divers wives elsewhere
did not kill her.
And Professor H. N. Thornton, tail,
blond, and 28, is glad he did not die at
the Receiving Hospital in a hypnotic fit,
caused by his wife's trial at suicide. Both
were alive, well and happy yesterday.
But Mrs. Thornton's parents were dis
consolate all day at 956 Folsom street
They say they went to the wedding be
cause they did not want an elopement,
but they now believe that Thornton has a
wife in the Eeast.
"We have been told about his wife by
an officer," said Mrs. Powell, "and will
sift it to the bottom. If be is & bigamist
it is all up with him."
But Thornton is happy. "I've no other
wile," said be, "and I love this little girl
devotedly."
Then Mrs. Thornton expressed herself
on the subject, saying*: "I don't want
people to say I was married when in a
hypnotic sleep, though I do have trances
and day inspirational music. I married
bim awake and I love him with my eyes
open, and I don't care who knows it."
The bride and groom are mediums well
known in spiritualistic circles. The bride's
parents assert that their daughter's pow
ers are of a higher order than her hus
band's.
"He married her to make money," said
Mrs. .Powell, "and he will mate it out of
her superior mediumship."
The professor denies that he used any
arts diabolical to win bis fair bride. He
frankly admits that he can hypnotize cer
tain people; that he often has strange
trances wherein be hears the angels talk,
and that he is a spiritualist to the core.
"But my wife has trances, too," he said,
"and when she sits nt a piano her inspira
tional playing is grand. Why don't they
call her the spell-binder and me tbe sub
ject?"
The professor insists that he has no
wives elsewhere. "I'd be a fool to marry
this young girl," he said, "if 1 had a wife
anywhere else, and if I have I ought to
go to some dark: and noisome prison."
The bride and groom were happy yes
terday afternoon. They intend to give
hypnotic exhibitions and seances. As
the bride's parents are spiritualists also
the professor believes they will be good
Iriends with him again when they learn
that they have been imposed upon by
rumors. '
szw TO-SAT.'
Ve-jr-iS*-, ,■,->_«*■-*.
When You Think
Of buying clothing, select a
store where there is a large variety
to choose from. All men do not
have the same tastes, no matter
what Dame Fashion may insist
upon. Our stock is complete in
every detail. We can satisfy the
most critical man.
BROWN bros * & co
■•.* Wholesale Manufacturers
Props. Oregon City Woolen Mills \
Fine Clothing j
For Man, Boy or Child *'i
RETAILED
At Wholesale Prices
121-123 SANSOME STREET.
r Bet. Bush and Pinz Sts.
ALL BLUE SIGNS
HEW TO-DAY— AMUSEMENTS.
%*^_*m
TO-NIGHT! TO-NIGHT!
v Direct from Parts, •
_>_"__-__-:__, iri___iT_rK,__T_7__i
And her "FOUR FLEURS de LIS," and MLLE.
ANI. Europe's Greatest Aerial Artiste. Great
success or XACIANU, SAGER and FANNY
MIDOLfiY. ED LATKLLE, the ANDKRaON'b
and (Slg. ALBERTI and Mm?. ORI.ANDI.
.*■■■ A liig Olio of Novelties! JJ-y
Reserved Seats, 2dc; Ba.cony, 10c; Opera Chairs
and Box .-eats, 500. ;.-w . ;■■■-:
DACING I RACING! RACINGI
CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB — •'
WINTER MEETING, 1896-97.
Beginning Monday, May 3. to May 15. Inclusive
OAKLAND RACETRACK.
Racing Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday,
-bur-day, * Friday and Saturday.
Rain or Shine.
: FIVE OB MORE RACES EACH DAY.
Races Start at 2:15 P. M. Sharp——
Ferry- Boats leave San Francisco at 12 Jt. an**!
12:30, 1 .00, 1:80, ii .-00. _ :30 and 3 p. m.. connect,
ing . witb trains stopping at the entrance to tracl-
Buy your ferry tickets to Shell Mound.'
, Returning— leave the Tracic at 4:15 aal
4:45 p. ii. and immediately after the last race.
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS Jli, Freiltlent.
: 8.8. MILROY. secretary.
SUTRO BATHS.
OPEN DAILY FROn 7 A. H. UNTIL n P. fl.
Concert Every Afternoon and Evening.
Bathing, including Admission: Adults, -sc; Chil-
dren, 20c.
General Admission) ioo; Children, do
.... . v— ...-.:-- .--.-. ■■_-•..... ■ . * . ■ • ■
BY TO-DAT. 1
(TELEPHONES GRANT 33 and 38),
DEALERS IS PURE FOOD,
286 SUTTER STREET,
g: .forth Side, Above Kearny.
SPECIAL SAVING SALE
Monday-- — Tuesday-— —Wednesday.
ALL, OUR 50c TEA, 10 different kinds,
at 35c per lb; 3 lbs for Sl
FINEST CREAMERY BUTTER, regular
30c. . 25c per Square
FINEST TABLE EGGS, regular 15c.:.......
12; 2 c per Doz
IMPORTED QUEEN OLIVES, quart bottle,
- regular 50c 350
WALNUTS, A 1 quality, regular 2 lbs 26c.
3 lbs 35c
P. & W. DEVILED HAM. large tins, regular
"9-Oc loca tin
VAL BLATZ'S MILWAUKEE BEER—
Regular 1 dozen quarts $2 35 S>2
Regular 1 dozen pints $1 55... 81. 40
HERMITAGE RYE of 1888, regular bottle
$1 50 »1.15
The standard of all Rye Whiskies, reg-
ular call on $6 #4.50
LA FAVORITA DE CALIFORNIA ZINFAN-
DEL, regular dozen $4.... 53.90
Regular gallon $1 35 95c
We allow 50c upon return of 1 dozen bottles.
Purity and flavor of this wine equal to im-
ported. Try it!
XETir TO-DAT— AMUSEMENTS.
TWOJ^ffioTTlOD^ (_>• u »« mo lumcCß- ■• •
— NO WONDER—
THE THEATER IS PACKED NIGHTLY
The Funniest Show in Town,
WARD AND YOKES
A run on The bank
Hear the New Songs! "Our Politi-
cians," "he Handicap," *•! I.ove to
See My Dear Old Mother Work."
THIS IS -Hi* FAREWELL WEEK.
JOT Next. Monday— E. K. Rice's Superb Speo
tacular Production. "EXCELSIOR JR."
BALDWIN THEATER.
Ai-_l_y__>_* (***.•_*_ (Incorporate--) --ruyadiori
, o-_Nri-G-___:-r-
JOHN PHILIP KOUsA'S * 7 "-"."■
BRILLIANT iiCSICAL SENSATION,
"EL CAPITAN"
Book by CHARLES KLEIN.
Interpreted by
HIDE WOLF |3
o :p _p _____ ti
And His Incomparable Company."
TiVOLf OPERA-HOUSE
Xt *>._,_■•> it Keelini, Proprietor & Manags*:
:.- "JJZ-'ryj.j
THIS EVENING-
THE "BOHEMIAS (LIB" KiGHT.
THE ROMANTIC COMIC OPERA,
"SHAMUS O'BRfEN"
WITH
MR. DENIS O'SULLIVAN.
The Favorite Barytone, in the litis role.
SUPERB CAST!
NEW SCENERY!
CORRECT COSTUMES 1
Popular Prices 25c and SOo
MOROSCO'S
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
WALTER MOROSCO. ..Solo Lessee and Manajs*;
Initial Prodnctlon on This Coast of Ford's Spec-
tacular Comedy -D rama,
AN AMERICAN HERO
A Play Full of Excitement and Interesting S
(situations. Presented With Elaborate
Scenic Pictures.
Thrilling "Wreck Scene !
Realistic Storm at Sea !
New Songs! Dances! New Songs!
Evening Prices— lOc,- 25c and SOc.
.Matinees Saturday and Similar.
ALCAZAR I " "™-^a«.
Bela3CQ_.LaFaille.MfS. | TO-NIQHT !
Of the World Famous Drama, * "' "'
-E--A.s a z- x_i"_ri>_-3xr_E!:
GEO. OSBOURNE as Archibald Carlyle.
ADELK BELGARDE as Lady Isabel.
HCGO TOLA.ND as Sir Fram Is Levlson.
The Full Strength of the Company in
the Cast.
Prices, ISc to SOc. Seals by telephone, Black 991.
THE CHUTES.
SPEClAL.— Darin**; Month of May No Admis-
sion Charg* Weekday Afternoons.
Grand Free Open- Air Performance*
EVery Afternoon and Evening.
ADMISSION, loc. CHILDREN, So.
THE
WEEKLY
CALL
©/ It Publishes the Cream of the
2 News of the Week and
©< MANY ATTRACTIVE AND
«J ORIGINAL FEATURES.
°*! IT IS THE BEST WEEKLY
©/ PAPER ON THE
~J PACIFIC COAST
3\ _ /
Tj. The Best \ / Mining
°» Telegraphic \7 News That
c\ Service on /V Is Accurate
©< The Coast / \& up to date
01 / . \_-___
«X —
©■{ ■ Not a Line of it Sensational
q) or Faky, and Not a Line of
2 it Dry : or Uninteresting.
-n/ Bright, Clean, A Champ: on of
) Thoughtful. Truth.
2 A CALIFORNIA NEWSPAPER
3 ALL THE TIME.
2IT ADVOCATES 1 SENT BY
*"1 HOME MAIL, 51.50
©< INDUSTRIES A YEAR. <;■>
W THE CALL speaks FOR AU
56
From City Pulpits
Yesterday morning witnessed the en
trance of Dr. E. Nelander. Ph. D., npon
the pastorate of the First English Evan
gelical Lutheran Church, Geary street,
near Goueh.
Shortly after 11 o'clock the new pastor
was escorted by the council of the church j
to the altar, where he was received by the j
retiring minister, the whole congregation j
rising. Following this ceremony came an
anthem by the choir, then the. regular j
morning service or ritual, with hymns, j
another anthem and a basso solo by Rob- I
crt Blair.
Dr. Nelander made his first sermon from j
the text, "Give me thy hand" (II Kings, j
x. 15), delivering a very earnest, sympa- I
thetic and powerful address on the mutual
work which he and the congregation this i
day were about to enter upon. The ■
hearty handshaking by the congregation \
en masse after the service would indicate j
that his words bad deeply impressed the |
hearers.
Dr. Nelander, who is quite well known I
in the City from his connection with the '
Ebenezer Swedish Lutheran Church, was ;
born at Knoxville, 111.. September 16, 1555, •
and was educated in the public schools of j
Knoxville, at Knox Academy, Gaiesbttrg,
IH., at Augustana Colleee, Rock Island. ;
and at tne University of Berlin, in Ger- J
many.
He received the degrees of A.B. and ;
A.M. from Augustana College. In ISS3 '
be was elected president of Bethany Col- j
lege, Liudsborg, Kans. This position he j
held for seven years, during which the
institution from an attendance of sixty
students increased to 360. and from two
instructors to thirteen. He accepced ttie
pastorate of the Swedish Lutheran Church
at Kansas City, Mo., in 1889.
Dr. Nelander has been known as one of
the most ardent advocates ofthe introduc
tion of English into the services of the :
Swedish churches of the Augustana Sy
nod as a means of keep ng the youneer j
generation attached to the mother church. ,
Previous to accepting the call of the j
First Enelish Lutheran Church he served
a very successful pastorate at the Ed- j
enezer Church for four years, and severed j
his connection therewith only on account
of the greater opportunities which he be- j
lieves there are for prosecuting evangeli- |
cal Lutheran work in the English lan
guage.
.
The Worldliness of
The Church of To-Day
At the Cuurch of the Holy Spirit. 2127
Jackson street, the pastor. Rev. 0. C.
_liiler, beg.-in a series of afternoon ser
mons, under the general head of a protest
against the unscriptural methods of the
present day Protestant church.
His subject was that of revivals; his
text from Habakkuk iii:2: "0 Lord, revive
thy work in the midst of the years, in the
midst of the years make known; in
wrath remember mercy." lie said in
pari:
The text should be the prayer of the
church to-dry, enfeebied as she is by loss
of the Spirit's power. Both church and
Nation are in a transition period. Eccle
siasticism is not the Christianity of Christ.
Denominationalism is in decay and decay
is the forerunner of death. Revival and
reviving is the normal condition of the
church.
It is the work of the Holy Spirit. Not
by might nor by power of man, but by
the spirit of the Lord. The effects of a
genuine revival are the regeneration of
sinners and quickening of believers — the
latter must loilow as a preparation for the
former. The first thing in order is the
conversion of the church. For genuine
revival there is but one model, that car
ried out in the first twelve chapters of the
Acts. A few obscure believers get to
getner in prayer, and they continue with
one accoru. Had there been a daily pa
per in Jerusalem at the time the report
ers would have scarcely found it out.
How different from the way the church
tries to do it to-day ! Consecration of
service and money followed prayer. There
could be "no unction without function."
Revival must come from better observa
tion of the Lord's supper and more scrip
tural home life. Let us go back tc the
one Pentecostal model. New methods are
not needed; human nature is the sama.
Compare the modern methods with tha
Pentecostal model and they are found
v,* an ting. ■
The Holy Spirit is not so incapable that
he must come to man for methods. Man
is instrument, not method, when used by
him. The two agencies of a genuine re
vival are the Holy Spirit and the church,
and these are inseparable. Since the days
of Finney there have be-'n no widespread
revivals, nor will there be until there is a
new order of Protestant Christianity. The
lost power of the church can only be re
gained by her return to purity through
the sanctifying influence of the Holy
Spirit. The present day church with its
RIFLE SHOOTING
ON TWO RANGES
McLaughlin Leads the Cal
ifornia Schuetzsn
Club.
\ 'j - **. * ■
• : ——: —-
A Large Attendance of the
Verein Eintracht's Best '
Marksmen.
Tha D v scher Krieger Verein at the
Shell Mouad Ran^e—Militia
men's Scores.
The marksmen were out in considerable
numbers at Schuetzen Park yesterday and
pood scores were the rule of the day. J. F.
Robinson, a guard at San Quentin and a
member of the San Rafael infantry Com
pany, made a score of 43 on a military
target. The lipht was good and only an
occasional breath of air was noticed on
the range. ■''-".AJ•'-*"'/" •*:>'-
The marksmen ofthe California Scbnet
zen Club were there in force and many
wore plumed hats, it being the occasion
FINANCIAL. " ,]".
CHICAGO GRAIN, PROVISIONS
AND NEW YORK STOCKS.
WMEELOCK & CO.,
4 Leldesdorff St, Tel. Main 1954.
CENTRA i. orrtcK -
€23 Mark St., Palace Hotel. Pur Iv A Atklnaon, I
• « .Ma oai* en* .Tel. Wain 5144.
Uptown Office—Baldwin Hole! (adjoiningOrlU
Kooruj. Tel. Main 1091.
PURDY. ATKINSON & CLAPP. .Managers. i
Orders instantly executed on latest market que
tationa. Heference Ist National Bank. U. St.
CHICAGO- NUVAX.B WIU tf£W YOB*
strife and worldliness cannot furnish a
refuse for the newly converted. Jewels
mini be set in pure, fine gold. The growing
plant cannot stand the icehouse. Nothing
but a genuine revival can silence the skep
tician of to-day ana bring protection of
the church against her many enemies,
the most dangers of which are within ber
communion. The body of true believers
can confidently say with David: "Though
I walk in the midst of trouble thou wilt
revive me; thou shalt stretch forth thine
band against the wrath of mine enemies
and thy right hand shall save me."
The burden of revival-bringiug preach
ing must be the burden of sin pressed
upon the individual heart and conscience.
Tne preaching of the law must nail us
each to his cross that we may die, that
Christ may live within us. Even in these
perilous times and last days before our
Lord fulfills his promise to "so come
in like manner as he was seen to go Into
heaven."
♦
Christianity and
Socialism Compared.
Last evening Rev. William Rader of the
Third Congregational Church spoke on
"Christianity and Socialism." In part he
said:
"In the evolution of government we ■
have passed the stage where government j
was everything and man was nothing,
and the stage where man was everything i
and the government nothing.
•'Tne one was the age of paternalism, '
when the individual sat in the lap of the j
state; the other was the age of per
sonal liberty, according to the doctrine of j
Rousseau.
"We are now enjoying the period of
fraternity in which the government and
personal freedom are wonting in har
mony. Out 01 this new relation is spring
ing a universal unity. In religion we call
it brotherhood, in politics democracy and
in industry ana society socialism.
"Christianity and socialism have much
in common when both are properly de
fined. Christian socialism is applied
Christianity. This mans more than a
single element of sociaiitm such as state j
ownership of the implements of industry. |
"There is a Christianity in socialism and j
a socialism in Christianity. Jesus was an \
individualist, it is true, and did not speak I
against taxation or the wrong use of wine
or the evils of existing government. Bat
He was aiso a socialist. He did not use
that term, but the phrase, 'Kingdom of
God,' a dream of a reconstructed social j
order as old as the Republic of Plato.
"Socialism and Christianity alike believe j
in making the worid better; tbe one from j
without, the other from within; the one
beginning with the individual, the other
beginning with the social order. Evjry j
good man cannot escape the duty of being !
both individualist and socialist at tho
same time. Ju las and his money bag af
ford a field of labor lor both.
"The golden link binding Christianity
with socialism is the commandment,
'Love thy neighbor as thyself,' the mean
ing of wbich is that there is no difference
between the happiness of the individual
and that of the public; that what is
wrong for the one is not right for the
many. He who has a religion fur himself
and another for the public is a fraud."
The Promise
of the Father.
The Rev. D. V. Bowen of the First
New Jerusalem Church preached yes
terday from the following words: "Be
hold I send the promise of my Father
upon you; but tarry in the city of Jeru
salem until ye be endued with power
from on high." (Luke xxiv:49). In part
he said:
"The promise of the Father— the gift of
the Holy Spirit— was fulfilled on the day
of Pentecost. And the Apostle Peter de
clares 'that Jesus shed lorth this which
was seen and heard, and that the gift of
the Holy Spirit was promised to all, even
as many as the. Lord our God shall call
unto him.' By the Holy Spirit, the Com
forter, the Helper, the Spirit of Truth is
meant the spiritual influence of the Lord
upon the minds and hearts of men, which
is forthe purpose of reformation, regener
ation and finally salvation.
"The Lord breathed on his disciples and
said 'Receive ye the Holy Spirit.' And he
of the twenty-fifth anniversary of the San
Francisco Turn- Verein, of which a num
ber are members. The following scores
were mai.e:
The California Schuetzen Club's monthly
metiai shoot: First champion class—First
prize, D.W.McL-iu.jhlin 44' i rings; second prize,
A. .--'tree 4*19; second champion class— First
i*rize, F. J', Schuster 41.8: second prize, J. F.
bin son 400.
Firs i -class— First prize, F. E. Mason 436; sec
onu prize, O. Bremer 415.
Second class— First prize, A. Gehret, 407;
second prize, A. Breuss, 403.-
Third class— First prize. A. Junpblut, 394;
second prize, C. Egging, 388.
Fourth -.-las:?— First prize, J. B. Turner, 353;
second prize, J. Woilmer. 352.
Beat lirst shot, D. W. McLaughlin, 25; best
last shot, D. B. Faktor, 25.
.Cadets, California Schuetzen Club — First
medal. William Utschig, 389; second medal,
J. ii una tin, 340.
Verein Eintracht, shooting section, monthly
medal shoot: champion class— F. A. Kuhls,
391; first class. C. Schroder, 242 rings; sec
ond cies-i, C. Yon Hariwig, 333; third class, C.
Ehiinger, 344; best last shot, J. Zahn, 21.
Sun Francisco Grutli Verein, monthly medal
shoot: champion class— Gi-liert, 401 rings;
first class, A. Hinterinun, 392; second class,
Joseph Fetz, 386: third cia-s, R. user, 392;
best lirst snot, K. Hauser, 24: best last shot,
A. Hiuterman, 24. v. y..y
_ The scores of Company D, San Rafael'
Fifth Infantry, National Guard Califor
nia, regular monthly medal shoot, were
as lollows:
J. F. Robinson, 48; F. B. Moulton. 47; J.
Jones, 47; A. Boyen, 44; P. Treanton, 44; F.
Jflcobs, 43; Captain Elliott, 42; F. Mulhern,
41; J. Smith, 41; N. Ve.nderbllt, 41; G. Dono
hue, 41; J. Greaver, 41; J. Muiheru. 40; A.
Smith. 40; T. S. Archer, 40; F. Mur
ray. 39; T. Fullon, 39; H. Iverson,
3»; 11. Smith, 30; E. Murt-h, 37; L. Smith,
36; H. .Koukler, . 37; S. Robinson, 36;
E smith, 36; E. Gsrnener. 36; M. McGn.re,
36; a. E. Scott, 35; W. Butierworth, 35; C.
iietcher 35; J. Hart, 35; C. Mahar, 35; F.
Hoffer. 34; D. McCamish, 34; V. Cheda, 33;
C. Almy. 33; F. Dieckman, 32; H. Plette, 32;
T. Le C , orl * cc ' 31; 1. Marstup, 31; W. Miller,
30; J. Barrow, 28; C. Coulter, 27; W. O'Con
nor, 23; R. Walsn, 19; M. de Slaeff, 8.
AT SHELL MOUND.
Not Many Events, but the Rifle
Shooters Enjoyed Themselves.
It was an off day at the Shell Mound
rifle range yesterday, but still there was
enough shooting to make matters inter
esting. The wind was not too strong and
the lipht was excellent. A number of
the members of the Schuetzen Club and
the Columbia Pistol and Rifle Club were
out for practice and several small matches
were shot. \
* The Dentscber Kireger Verein held its
regular montbly shoot and the attendance
was fair. The scores made on the Ger
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, MAY 3, 1897.
breathes on us now. He gives his holy
spirit to all who prepare themselves for
his reception and abode. We are to
tarry, not in the old but in the New
Jerusalem, which John saw coming down
out of Heaven — in the doctrines of the
spiritual sense of the word. W-* are to
tarry, to learn, practice and receive into
our lives these heavenly things, and then
we can be endued with power frora on
high, or the highest power, the power
of the Holy Spirit, which is the baptism of
fire, an influence of unselfish, divine love
in our hearts. Then we can know that the
Lord is, not only the way — the truth — but
the life — etern?.l life to all who will re
ceive him. And, as we abide with him,
live the highest truths we know, he will
endue us each day more and more with
power, power to turn from false things,
power to overcome all evil. And we shall
then know him as our Redeemer, the ever
present Savior, the Holy Spirit."
After service the holy supper was ad
ministered and seven members received,
making seventeen new members admitted
to the society during the short time that
Mr. Bowen has been tbe pastor.
_ ***•*-
The Philosophy of
Life and Death.
At Olivet Church yesterday Rev. H. T.
Shepard preached on the subject of "Life
and Death." He said in part:
The grain of wheat decays and feeds the
new germ, and lives again in many other
grains like itself, and thus increases its
usefulness. The human body constantly
dies. It becomes an entirely new body
again and again after short periods of
years. Religious thought is constantly
evolved with new harvests of golden truth,
instinct with new life. This is the history
of the Christian religion from its begin
ning to the present time. This constant
development is not a dogma nor a theory,
but a fact. Christianity and science are
joining hands to-day in paying reverence
to the uniathomed if not unfathomable
mystery of life. One may see God in it,
while the other sees oniy the unknown
force, but acknowledgment of an un
known and apparently superhuman force
that cannot be created by any means
which arc known to man is akin faith in
Israel's Jehovah, and tends toward refuge
from doubt in the known and incarnate
Christ, the creating "Word" of the Gospel
of John.
How to Acquire
And How to Hold.
Rev. Dr. Jewell of Trinity M. E. Churcb
spoke yesterday from the text, "Look to
yourselves that we lose not that which
we have wrought, but that we receive a
full reward." In part he said:
There are two cautions one ia "take
care and not lose," and the other is "to
invest that which you have so
as to make it most productive."
It requires brain to acquire, more
brain to keep after you have acquired,
and, most of all. to so invest/as to realize
the largest possible returns. For every
thing of value you possess there is some
one watching to snatch it from you. Every
man of wealth has a reason to feel that
there is a conspiracy in society to wrest
from him that which he has acquired.
So in morals and relicious thing-; the
mother i-eeks to embalm the innocence of
her child, knowing well that contact with
society imperils that pearl of innocence.
The boy of San Francisco sees the
gleaming light of the night schools and
the loaded shelves and open doors of ] free
libraries floating round him, yet be trends
as listlessly as though he were on the
broad bosom of the Sahara.
Paine's Error
About the Bible.
Rev. J. S. David gave a lecture on
"Tnomas Paine and the Bible" at Wash
ington Hall list evening, in the course of
which he said: "Thomas Paine was a
deist. He believed in one God, and he
hoped for happiness beyond this life. He
was a noble man, and was a champion of
reform. His denial of the Bible was evi
dently owing to the fact that he confined
his studies to the letter of Scripture and
Knew nothing of its internal sense. He
took the symbols for the things signified.
Tbe internal sense of tbe word is the
only incontestable evidence of its divinity.
"And now that the race is prepared to
receive deeper truth than could be re
ceived in former ages the seals of the
Word are opened. Paine gloried in the
beauty and sublimity of creation, and re
garded that as the only revelation of God;
but nature, like the Bible, has her dark
side as well as ber bright side, and both
nature and Scripture are faithful mirrors
of both the lights and shadows of human
life. The Bible would not be a true reve
lation ot human states and experiences
and of the path to eternal life if it illus
trated only the beautiful and sublime in
human life."
man ring target, twenty shots, were as fol
-1 lows:
Champion class, G. H. Hetzcl 376 rings; first
class, U. Biezel 354; second class, O. Damar
•290; third clans, H. Mohr 301; best first snot,
C. Weggeraan 22; best last shot, C. Weggeman
22; most centers, Louis Laubsher.
Company D of the First Regiment held
its regular shoot for medals. The scores
made yesterday ou the Blunt target, ten
shots, were as follows:
M. H. Wilkens 6, L. H. Anther 12. W. F.
Beck 31. E. L. Scharf 21, A. W. Taylor 19, J A
Staples 22, W. E. Medows 35, L. C. Wishing 12,
W D. Flynn 26, W. Rui-setl 10. O. Landucci
40, G. C. Darling 34, J. C. Seagrave 40. T. R.
I'iafi'33, 11. D. I'ohiraann 30, G. Swan 28, T. J
McCreagh 36, H. Wissing24. :<■■>"• v/ 1
The regular contest of the First Division
of the Naval Battalion was held for com
pany'class medals, but the attendance
was not large. The "-cores are annexed.
R. Schnalle 22, W. Corliss 26, A. Landon 26
Ensign C. A. Gould 27, A. G. Quinlin 41, T. I.
Casey 35, J. Peters 39, Lieutenant C. C. Den
nis 38. Ayr JJ,y
The attendance at the Independent
Rifles' regular monthly contest was fairly
good. The scores on the ■ Blunt target,
ten shots, were as follows:
Corporal G. W. Mitchell 35, Corporal J.
Mindermann 32, C. Frederickson 26, Corporal
C. Andrews 30. Dr. F. Hau 43, Corporal J. A.
Stang 25, H. Frederickson 21, 6. J. Staude 37,
Corporal W. Tinkenj 2o, Servant H. Wilkens
23, Sergeant C. Kornbeck 37, Sergeant F. M.
Zeislng 42, Sergeant J. H. Schneider 31, H.
Staude 34, Lieutenant J. Staude 40.
EAOES TO-DAY AT; EMERYVILLE.
Well Filled List of Events With Large
Fields to Pick From.
With the two weeks of racing, begin
ning to-day, at Emeryville track, the sea
son will be brought to a termination. The
card offered speculators on the uncertain
for this afternoon has a scrambled sort of
look, but winners may prove easier 'to
pick tban a cursory glance would indicate.
The entries and weights are as follows:
First race, seven-eighths of a mile, selling.
946W0'8 94 911 Mc! arlane..... 91
875 Mary Niuve.... 87 877 Veragua..*. 104
421 Hy O rattan.... 89 928 Billy Vice 90
901 H0t5pur........ 94 910 Nervoso 91
706 Dui'lo 91 j ,769 Mulberry....... 94
952 Free Wi11....... 87 952 tenacity .......102
852 Devraull. 107 : 940 -Myron 91
940 Fred i.nrdiier.. 94 940 Nic Nac ..'..'.. 102
Second race, one mile, selling. ... . ' .
885 Walter J....... 104 865 Monitor .......101
931 Dayiljht........ 104 947 Jack Kichelieu.lOH
943 Ran50m. ....... 105 B*>l Frank Jaubert. 101
93- Peter 11.. .......108 1 952 Mollie 8.; ,:.;.. 10.-i
931 Collins .........106 861 Charles A 106
877 Bill McCloskey. 104 932 St. Aign0n......101
834 M0nterey.. .....108 946 Boyle ....105
840 O'Meeta...... 105 1 V i
Third race, five-eighths ol a mile, two-year-olds
826 Dick .......... 981 927 Hermoso.. ......108
931)Chaa. L« 8e1. ..105] 940 E5tr0...... .....113
927 Elsmcre 103 740 Count of Flan
-492 (.eo L-e »n\ ders 105
933 Bai'ySchrelberlO-' (9->s)Hey -alazar — 110
936 Los P-ietos..... 95 *->56 Bed Fox 99
915 ,orsida 110 -•^j^v*-
Fourth race, three-fourths of a mile. s* Ijy_
9:-BC<loso.. 95 862 Casn Day.. 114
9H*J Zamar II 97 1 H-H Mr Piay 104
90 ) Flashlight 114 938 Xo**c*>mar 92
638 Col Wheeler.. .100 ! 790 Bellicopo. 109
b7*-s Dunboy 102 (B*js)Masoero 109
Fi'th race, one and a sixteenth miles.
(920) Fr. Augustus... 91 944 Vinctor 11l
944 'Ost er Joe. 107 944 Salsuma .'..111
(863)Osnc II 91 j 942 Morte Fonse.. ..11l
833 Buckwa 123 908 Lady Hurst.... 86
(899) Double Quick. .lo7 866 Argentina 102
Sixth race, seven-eighths of a mile, selling.
(921)Florimel 90 H"*!s Thelma 99
950 Klsie smith.... 95 (901)- n<-i**o 107
944 ItefUKe-.- 104 852 Hermanita 104
950 Uu.. sella . .. 95 943 Mainstay 114
925 Midas.. . '. .109 *«93 PiiX'tto 104
905 Pepper. 94 949 tea Spray 10 6
SELECTIONS 1-OR TO-DAY.
First race— Dsvault, Henry Grattan,.
Mulberry.
Second raoe— St. Aignon, Daylight,
Walter J.
Third race— Key Salazar, Toraida, Els
more.
Fourth race— Zamar, Celoso, Colonel
Wheeler.
Fifth race— Buckwa, Doable Quick,
'Ostler Joe. r*__
Sixth race— Refugee, Ruuella, Peix
otto.
Death of a San Franciscan.
Mrs. W. J. Atkinson (nee Jennie George),
eldest daughter of Henry George, died un
expectedly at the home of her parents in Fort
Hamilton, New York, at 12:30 Sunday morn
ing. Mrs. Atkinson was a native of San
Francisco. .....
Explanation.
The airow files with the wind. The top flgut«»
at station indicate maximum temperature for the
Kays: those underneath it. if any, the amount or
rainfall, of melted snow in inches and hundredths,
during the past twelve hours. Isobars, or solio*
lines, connect pom s of equal air pre»sure; iso
therms, or dotted lines, equal temperature, lhe
word •hizh" means high barometric pressure 3ud
is usually accompanied by fair weather: "low
refers to low pressure, and ls usually preceded
and accompanied by cloudy weather and rains.
••Lows" usually first appear on the Washington
coast. When ;he pressure is high in tbo interior
and low along the coast, and the? Isobars extend
north and south along the coast, rain ls probable:
but when the "low* Is inclosed with Isobars of
marked curvature, rain south of Oregon is Improb
able. With a ••hleli" in the vicinity of Idaho, and
the pressure falling to the California •.•oast, warmer
weather may be expected In summer and co.iier
weather in winter. The reverse ot these conditions
Will produce an opposite result.
WEATHER BUREAU REPORT.
United States Department or Agbicdit
TUBE, Weather Bcre*c, SAN* Francisco,
May 2, 1897. 5 P. M.— The following are the rain
falls for the past 24 hours and seasonal rainfalls to
date, as compared with those of the same date
last season:
Eureka, past 24 hours .00, this season 49.26,
last season 46.81; Red Bluff, past 24 hours .00,
this season 21.08. last season 20.23; -an Fran
cisco, past 24 hours .00. this season 33.61, last
season 20.53; Fresno, past 24 hours .00, this sea
sou 10.53, lust season 8.16: San Luis Obispo, past
24 hours .00, this season 20.71, last Reason 17.62;
Los Angeles, past 24 hours .04. this season
16.80, last season 9 06: San Diego, past 24 hours
.02, this season 11.67, lust season 5.90; Yuma,
past 24 hours .00 this season 6.35, last season .88.
fan Francisco data: Maximum temperature 67,
minimum 49, mean 58.
The pressure has fallen during the past twenty
four hours over Washington, Oregon and North
western California. There has been a slight rise
over Nevada and Utah, and a rapid rise over the
Upper Missouri Valley.
'1 he temperature has risen decidedly over the
greater portion ot the Pacific Slope In the Sacra
memo and San Joaquin Taller ■ there hus been a
ris- of about 15 dear Over Arizona there has
beeu a fall of about 8 deg.
Cloudy weather prevails over southern Califor
nia.
Weather conditions and general forecasts:
tort-cast made at San Francisco for 30 hours
ending midnight: May 3. 1897.
Northern California— Fair Mouday; cooler Mon
day afternoon and night in the valleys: light
northerly winds.
southern California— Cloudy Monday; southerly
chancing to westerly, winds.
Nevada— Fair Monday; cooler in northwest por
tion Monday night *.
Utah -Cloudy Monday.
Arizona— Cloudy Monday; warmer west.
' San Francisco and vicinity— Cloudy Monday
morning, fair during the fresh westerly winds.
ALuiANnBB JJcAdik. Forecast Official.
OCJK.A.V STEA-IEK!*,.
Dates of Departure From Stan Francisco.
Columbia. ..
Arcata
Corona
biinol
Pomona....
Homer
HurnboliU..
Knreka.. ..
WallaVValla
Faralloa....
Czarina
Santa Kcmn.
state of Cal
San Wat....
roruami
Coos J*a7
san Dieco ....
Orars Harbor.
tiumbol<lcitit>
Coos Hay
Humboldlßay
Newport
Vlo it l'.?t Bno
laouiun Bay.
lOIK K:«T
San Dleso
I'ortlAiid
Panama..
May 8.1U4M
May 3. 6pm
M y 4,11 am
May 4.12 M
May 4. -.m
May 6, 9a >i
Mar 5, 2im
May 6. Yam
May U I'm
May 6. 10am
May 6. 12*
91*7 H. 11 AM
Mar h.ii'av
May 8.12 m
Pier M
Her i I
i'lerll
Pier i
Pier 9
Pier 8
Pier a
Pistil
Pier 9
Pier 3
Pier 8
Pier 11'"
PIT 24
PMBS
STEAMEKS TO ARRIVE.
stkamkr I
I- ROM
] UK
l'omoim
lumboldl
..Mi.v 3
..May 8
..May- 8
..Ma/ 4
..May 4
. May 4
..May 6
..May 6
..May 5
..May to
..May *
...Ma. 6
..May 7
..May 7
..May 8
..May H
..M 8
..May 10
Bonier
Crescent City...
Knrelca. ........
>urah0u.. ......
Czarina
State Of Cal
Norm l'orit. ...
Chllkat
bantu Kosa
Alameda.
rmatllla ...
Mackinaw
Arcata
Coos Bay
City Sydney
Cinnir.b.it.
IHumDomi. any
Humiioldl Bay.
Coos Bay
Crescent City
Newport. .................
Yaqulna Ba/..
Coos Bay • ...
Portland. "
lluaiholilt Bay
Eel Hiver.......
.-an Dl»«u -.
Sydney
Victoria <fc Jfueet Bound
I m-i.niH .........
Loo* 8ay.... ............
Newport..
Panama
I tirilnml.
NOTICK TO MAKINFKS.
I A branch of the United States Hydrographic
Office located in the Merchants' . Exchange is
maintained In San Francisco for the benefit of
mariners without regard to nationality and free of
expense. ... '.: . *
Navigators are ! cordially Invited to visit the
office, where complete sets ot charts and sailing
directions of the world are kept on hand; or com
parison and reference, and the latest Information
can always be obtained regarding lights, dangers
to navigation and ail matters of interest to ocean
commerce. •*.
. The time ball on top of the building, on Tele
graph Hill Is hoisted about ten minutes before
noon, and Is dropped at noon. 120 th meridian, by
telegraphic signal received * each day ' from the
United states Naval Observatory m. Hare Island
Cal. . : . -*..•■-, -jJ-jr._ • *'.
A notice stating whether the time ball was
dropped on time, or giving the error. If any, i**
published the same day »y the afternoon papers,
and by tne morning papers the following day.
W. S. Hushes. ':/
Lieutenant U. s. N. In cliartf.**'
*-.*v_i. >UOJ( AMI KJLUjfc
t'7CJTin> STATUS '"OAST ACT oronrtio StJßVirr
t'mcn amd * hkishts of . htdh akd LOW
Watkbs at Fort Point. E-stbaxob to
(San Francisco Bat. Published bt OFFI
CIAL A UTHORtT V OF THB SnPKBIKTXXDBarT.
otb— The high and low waters occur at to*
City Front (Mission-street Wharf) about twentr
five minutes later than at Port I'oiu*,.* las bet_b_
ot tlae is the same at both places. -**, ;•■'.' ■■. :
»lay-18»?.
Monday, Msy 3.
Pun rts»s MO 1 Moon rli*-*
Sunsets 7.03 1 Moon sets. 9.lopic
ijl!2^j Feet ! 2^ ! Fertile
Time
H~vT
8
&60 -0 4
H W
0.04 1 4.8
1.08 4.7
-.OHi 4.5
3.07 4.V
4.i«i as!
1..) i» a. cl
241 3.61
I. W
7. '-8 i —o. i
8.10 —0.3
9.00 —0.1
Mil 0.2
10.41 0.5
0.-o
0.00
H W
3.45
4.-J6
BOS
46
I'.B
a. 5
3.8
3.7
4.'-'
4.-)
L W
6.48
7.45
9.00
10 4 2
SLB
a. a
8.0
Mots— In the aoove exposition of the tides the
early morning tides are given In the left hand
column, and the successive tides of the day in lh*
order of occurrence as to time. The second time
column gives the second tide of the day, the third
time column the third tide, and the last or rlfhs
hand column gives the last tide of the day, except
when there are but three tides, as sometimes
•ccurs. The heights given are additions to ths
soundings on the United States Coast Survey
Charts, except when a minus sign (— ) precedes ths
height, and then the number give n la tractive
from the depth g'ven b\- *hw oh»r:-» *.-; v.-r .
SHIPPING- INXELEItiENCE.
Arrived.
BUNDAY. May 2.
Btmr Point Arena. Johnson. 16 hours from
Mendocino, etc; pass and mdse, to Mendocino
Lumber Co.
Stmr Sunol, Dettmers, 75 hours from Grays
Hart or; pass and mdse, to Grays Harbor Commer
cial Co.
stmr Corona. son. 70 hours from San Diego:
pass and mdse, to Goodall, Perkins <_ Co.
Stmr Walla Walla, Wallace, 6& nours from
Victoria and Puget Sound ports; pass and mdse, to
Goodall. Perkins <fc Ca
fcimr Gipsy. Iceland. '27 hours from Mo<s Land
ing, etc: produce, to Goodall. Perkins ACo.
Stmr Noyo. Levlnson, 13 hours from Port Brags:
pass and mils**, to J s Kimball.
Br ship A ton Alaw, Thomas, 133 days from
Swansea; 3173 tous coal, to ii C Evans.
Bark Mohican, Saunders, 19 days irom Hono
lulu: pass ana sugar, to Welch & Co.
Bktn W II Dimond, Nilson, 18 days from Hono
lulu: pass and mdse, to J D hpreckels & Bros Co.
Auxiliary bktn Morning Star. Bray, 23 days frm
Honolulu; ballast, to master.
Brig John 1) spree Christiansen, 14V_ days
from Mahukona; 4350 bags sugar, to Welca <_ Co;
2082 bags sugar, to Williams Dimond <fe Co.
schr Monterey, Beck, lb hours from liuwens
Landing; 195 M ft lumber. toP Hey wood.
Schr Nettie .low. Low, 6 hours from Point
Keyes: 40 uxs butter, to J H Newbauer _* Co. -Vi-n
Schr Abbie, Hansen. 4 days from Grays Harbor;
lumber, to a E *?lade Lumber Co.
bailed.
J..A A, BUNDAY, May 2.
Stmr Chllkat, Dunham. Eel River.
Stmr Alice Blanchard, Hughes, Portland.
Stmr Scotia. Johnson, Albion.
Stmr Coos Bay, Hall, San Pedro.
Stmr .Newsboy, a osen.
ship Two Brothers, Wilson. Tacoma.
Lark Bis Bonanza, Bergman. Tacoma.
Schr Western Home. Ne son.
Schr Ocean Spray, Stenborn. Fish Rock.
Schr Orion, Anderson, '-irays Harbor.
Schr Lily, Longer, Umpqua.
Schr Llllebonne, Hansen, Port Hadlock.
Schr Allen A, Schage. Tacoma.
bchr Archie and Fontle. Colstrup, Walsbs
Landing.
Telegraphic.
roiNT lords. May a.- r. _.— Weather
hazy; wind SW, veloci.f 12 — _— <-
-,'•_'.' Spoken. •'■••■; ■'A- : .
Mar 23—43 8 95 W, Ger bark Paul Isenberg, fm
Liverpool lor Honolulu.
Per ;unol— May 2— Haw Brshlp Afon Alaw, fm
Swats a for sail Fraucisco, standing In for To
males, i miles off B.iore.
i ioni *•■! lc Ports.
SAX PEDRO— Arrived May '.—Schr Bertie
Minor, from Kureka; schr Comet, from Port Gam
ble; scbr Marion, irom Port Blakeley.
Sailed May '. — stmr LACeisior: schr Chas E
Fa _: schr U W Watson, lor Tacoma.
POINT REYES- Paaied May 2— Stmr Pasa
dena, from Eureka for San Pedro.
TATOOSH— Passed May 1- schr Alcalde, hence
Apr 17 for Seattle. 2— liar* Palmyra, hence Apr
22 for Port Gamble: stmr Mackinaw, hence Apr I
2d for Tacoma; Br stmr Wellington, hence Apr 29
for Nanaimo.
PORT LOS ANGELES— SaiIed May 2— Stmr
Greenwood.
EUREKA— sailed May 2-Stmr Pomona, for
I Sau Francisco: stmr Tillamook; stmr Humboldt,
lor san Francisco.
NAVARRO— SaiIed May 2— Stmr Westport, for
San Pedro.
SAN DI EDO- Arrived May 2— Stmr Excelsior,
from San Pedro.
i COOS BAY— sailed May 2— Stmr Homer, for
j San Francisco. - £Vj£>;
POUT GAMBLE— Sailed May— Schr Spokane,
I for san Diego.
MENDOCINO— BaIIad May 2— StmrPolnt Arena,
I for San Francisco.
Importation*.
TACOMA— Per Walla Walla— pkgs mdse, 69
I tins tallow, 1 tale matting. 800 bars Mil ion, 3
: ■ Olds oil.
I 'la omaviaN P R R— l2 mdse. 1125 hf
. sks ->U4 qr-sks flour, 1 cs glftssware, 1 cs gloves.
Everett— 44 i.xs nails 2513 pkes shoo*. s, 1 crate
| mo. -ling, 9 ok:* mdse, 700 bars bullion.
I Anacortes— 3B37 sks oats
New Whatcom— '-714 pcs lumber, 46 pkgs mdse.
Vancouver via CPR R-140 Revs 80 ln-bb:s
l glucose 75 bbls starch, 375 kegs 30 cans lend,
' SUO cs condensed mil*. 5 pkgs mdse. 30 bois lasts.
76 pkgs paper, 111 bxs smoke I meat, 140 boxes
salmon bellies. 70 Cs boots and sboes. 1 lot 1 case
lumber, Ics dry goods, 12 bdls glove stems. 99 cs
tonacco. 50 bois baking extra 10 bskts cheese,
329 au concentrates.
Sitka— 3 cs furs.
Kil.lsnoo— 46o bbls oil.
Douglas ami — 1 bx bullion, 12 pkgs grate
bars. «
Juneau— l bx dry goods.
Wrangle— 2 cs _rauite rook.
Seattle -21 bxs fish, 24 pkgs mdse. 4 crts bikes,
249 pkss hides. 22 bdls paper 6 bbls 2 bxs glass
; were. 2cs straw, 20 ci tobacco. 1 bx spice. 12 hi
t-bis herring. 50 bxs smoked herring, 101 sks glue
siook, 200 cs salmon, 3 sks oysters. 201 sks D
blood. 744 tons coal, h nkiri express, 2 pkgs coin.
Seattle via Great Nit R— B pkgs mose, 500 sks
flour.
Victoria— 24 pkgs mdse, 5 pkgs express, 159
pk s junk. 1 sk coin.
Port Townsend— 72 sks bones, 46 sks ore.
.MU'** LANDING— Per Gipsy— bxs butter, 1
pkg mdse, 111 sks potatoes.
Santa Cruz— lo pkgs mdse, 10 cs cheese, 500
bbls linio. 6 bxs butter.
FORT BRAGG— Per Noyo— 6 pkgs mdse, 1 box
drugs. 41 bdls hides. 2 bdls pelts, 1 sic tails,
i 1.751 ft lumber.
OKAYS HARBOR— Per Sunol— l2l bdls hides.
320 M ft lumber. 3 cs clams, 628 bdls staves, 130
: bdls barrel beads.
. HONOLULU— Per Mohican— l piano, 21.419 bgs
sugar.
HONOLULU-Per W H Dimond— 2oso bg3 rice,
8735 bags sugar.
PORT HARFORD— Per Corona— 26 rubs 1 keg
133 bxs butter, 5 dressed calves, 71 cs eggs. 1 lox
meal. 18 **s cheese. 2 coops chickens, 18 bxs fish,
1 bx lemons.
Santa Barbara— ll7 bxs lemons, 1 bx green
I fruit. 11 bxs oranges. 34 sks crawfish.
San Dlego-lSb pkgs mdse. 7 pkgs heads, 8 sks
beeswax, 9. bales wool, 2 cs dry eoods. 3 sks 33
bxs 8 qr-bxs dry fruit, 1 sk coffee. 18 cs honey, 12
bxs grape fruit. 1331 bxs lemons, 1 keg wine, 541
bxs oranges. • -,_ .
Newport— 27B bxs oranges. 17 bxs lemons, 733
sks corn, 40888 ski barley, 50 bbls wine, 1 sack
coffee.
Redondo— 4s pkgs nuls, 622 bxs oranges, 6 bbls
vinegar 3 cs paint. 134 bxs oranges, 4 cs salmon,
2cs 35 tierces lard, 3 cs honey, 4 cs hams, til ci
canned meat, 16 sks tallow.
Port Los Angeles— 26 bxs lemons. 15 bbls 86 hf
bb s brandy. '3416 sks barley, 398 bxs oranges, 43
p. ::■* Pipes, 3 pkgi rude 49 sks onions.
POINT ARENA— Per Point Arena-3 kegs 52
bxs butter, 14 green hides, 1 bdl pelts, 4 dressed
hogs. 6 dressed calves.
Li tie River— 4 pkgs abaiones.
Mendocino— 2 bxs butter, •*. sks wool, Ics mdse,
100 M ft lv aoer.
Fort Bragg— 4oo M shingles, 10 M ft lumber.
Conal-gu-am.
Per W H Dimond— J D Spreckels A Bros Co: M
SUrinbsum; Hyman Bro*.
Per Mohican— Williams, Dimond A Co; Welch
A Ca - j'y jr.
Per Sunol— Grays Harbor Commercial Co; C C
Sanborn; Blssinger A Co; A Carl.
' Per Noyo - *>v B ••mi inner A Co: Dr Gordon; W W
MlLer: Union Lumber Co; M Solomon A Co.
Per Gl.sy— Herman Joos:: Thomas Loughran;
L (i sresovich * Co: Dairymen's Union; Union Oil
Co: H Cowell A Co: Dodge, Sweeney _, Co; Buffalo
, Brewery; A W Fink.
Per Corona— Baker A Hamilton; Wolf A Son: J
H Cain A Co: Orav A Barbleri; Geo R >tarr A io:
Neuburger, Reisa -ft Co; Hawley Bros: Milwaukee
Brewery: Levi Spiegel <fe Co ; W C Karrtg; Sunset
Tel Co; Nash A Boessenecker; WF Mitchell: 8
Dcvi: Campodonico A Malcolm: Porter Bros A Co;
LG Sresovich -ft Co; J ivancovicb A Co; Triest
A Co; Dellep ane A Co; T J Kelly: H Huddleston
A Co: Ureeley's Express; Harvey Babcock: Bobt
M Mi- Lay; Faciflc Transfer Co; H v Greenbood:
G W Warner; J Demarttni -ft Co; U J Becht: R L
Toplltz; A J Johnson: ImmelACo*. Neustalter
Bros; L Seatena A Co: Kahn Bros: Klein A Co: 11
*-> Croc<e* «ft co: Huffman. Rothctii d A Co: Starr
-ft Co; Gould A Jaudin; Wetmore Bros; Gundiach
A Btindschu: Eveleth A Nash: c B Whitney A Co;
D Biagi it Co: H Dutard; DE Allison Co: M S
Simu_; itarcla A Maori— t: John L n-ffl-r; Fastt-ne
Bros: McDonough A Runyon ; Western Meat Co;
Redington ft Co; Wlttland Produce Co: Bar;l*-tt
Snrln *s Mm r_l Water Co: Sherwood A Sher wood;
Newmark A Edwards: A Levy A Co: A Paladlnl:
American Union Fish Co: Milan! it Co; Wilcox -ft
Ginos: U Camillonl A Co; . J B lnguglia; Wakelee
•ft Co; Hills Bros: Hllmer, Bredhott A Schulz; J M
Hlx MB -ft Co: i odge, Sweeney A Co; FB Haight:
Witzel A Baker: Norton. Teller A Co; F H Ames
-SCo; E R Stevens A Co; Ross A Hewlett; C de
Julius; Brigham. HoppeA Co; R N Nason -ft Co; H
Anderson; W H Wulte; Q T Kberhaid A Co; R
Rice; W R Larzelere Cora mission Co: B. Clifton:
Labot Kxchange: Marshall -ft Relmsrs; A Knea;
B G Ruhl A Co; H Klrchmann A Co : 11 H Sattler
•ft Co: L D Stone A Co: Getz Bros A Co; A Failles;
De Bernardi A Co; Russ. Early ACo; J Murray
■ft Co: OB Smith -ft Co: Dairymen's Union; Wm
Cline; H N Tilden A Co; Wellman, Peck A co: Fac
Coast Fish Co: J H. Newbauer A Co.*
Per Walla Walla— OH Buerow; Boiton Woven
Hose Co; A L Range: Blssinger -ft Co : i-il.dding,
Mcßean -ft Co: selby Smelting and Lead Co; HU
Bateman; Viking Brewery; Wetmoie. . Bowen
ACo: Italian-Swiss Coiony: Excelsior Clove Co;
C J Lelst A Co; O W. H .ward; ***> -tifvater; Hen
shaw a uulkeiey: Dunham, Carrigan A Co; O H C
Bradford: Northern Lumber Co: .L Sa*onl A Co:
Bellingham Bay Imp Co Moore, Ferguson ACo •
Davidson A Miller: White Sewing-machine Co;
Williams Bros A Co: Mauner Bros; California
Last Factory; Payot, Upturn A Co; a _t Stewart;
Buckingham, Hecht & Co: Murphy, Grant <_ Co: C
H Pechueim-r; Alaska Commercial Co: Schleg 1 &
Bunker; Tillmann -ft Bendel: Kittle & Co: Bank
of California; American Tobacco Co: P Berwn ft
Bro; -steiger Ji Kerr; American Uuion Fish Co: L
R Dempster: A Paladini : A Mack: A Goldberg;
B-riiu & lepori; Baker & Hamilton: California
Wine As^n; Everett Pulp and Paper Co; Duff
&<.o: J ij ingiulia; John Rosenfeld 's Sons: M A
Newmark &Co: Lowenberg -ft Co: Milani -ft Co: E
A Perry: J X Armsby & Co; Meyenck Bios: W G
Hinton: Williams, Dioiond & co: Oregon Imp Co:
Weils. Fars;o<fc Co: Brown & Metzner; Bernstein
B-o*; F KlooDen; Stauffer Chemical Works; Royal
Milling Co: N Ohlandt & Co; Foster & Co
Per Point \reua— Mendocino Lumber Co: Den
nlsun di Wilson: Dairymen's Union; FBHaight;
Ross ft Hewlett; , V E Whitney <_ Co; steluer.
Strauss & Co; san Fr_ncisco Laundry: Sbarboro
-fct'o: Sumner ft Co; Wheaton, Br»>ou ft Co;
De Bernardi A Co.
OCE AX travel;
riCIFIC COAST_STE.IffISei? CO.
STEAMERS LEAVK BROADWAY A*
tO wharf, Man francisco, as follows: _E-__l?
For ports In Alaska, May 1, & 11, 16, 21, -6
31 aud every fitth day thereafter, at 9 a. m.
For Victoria and Vancouver (B. C), Port Town-
send, Seattle, Tacoma, Everett, Anacortes and
I\ew Wiatcom line ham Bay, Wash.), 9a. m.
May 1, 6, 11. 16, 21, 23 ana 31 every fifth day there-
| after, connecting at Vancouver with the C. P. R.
R., at Tacoma with N. P. R. r, at Seattle with (A
I\. Ky., at Port Townsend with Alaska steamers.
For Kureka, Areata and Fields Landing (Hum-
boldt Bay), str. Pomona 2 p. m., May 4, 8, 12. lft
So, 24, 28 and every fourth day thereafter/
For Santa Cruz. Monterey, San Simeon, Cayucos.
Port Harford (Sau Luis Obispo), Uavlota, Santa
Barbara, Ventura. Hueneme, san Pedro, East Saa
Pedro (Los Angeles) and Newport, at 9 a m.
Way 2. 6, 10, 14, 18. 22, 2ft 30 and every fourth
day thereafter.
For san Diego, stopping only at Port Harrord
(San Luis Obispo), Santa Barbara, Port Los An-
reles. Redondo (Los Angeles) and Newport. 11
a.m. -May 4,8, 12. lft 2ft 24, 28 and every fourth
day thereafter.
For Ensenada, San Jose del Cabo, Mazatlau, La
Paz and Guaymas (Mexico), steamer Orizaba, IU
a. x, June 2, and 2d of each month thereafter.
The Company reserves the right to change with-
out previous notice steamers, sailing dates and
hours of sailing. Ticket oflice— Palace Hotel, 4
New Montgomery street.
aoODALL, PERKINS -ft CO., Gen'l Agents,
10 Market St., San FraneUcn
THE O. R. & N. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
I^C>__=CT3l._A.__\r _D
From Spear-street Wharf, at 10 a. m.
F\ T?1?/-* 13 First-class 1 Including
_-X.__il9o Second-class/ berth & meals
SCHEDULE OF SAILINGS:
Columbia April 23, May 3, 13, 23
State of California April 28, May 8. 18, 28
- Through tickets and through baggage to all
Eastern point* Rates and folders upon applica-
tion to
F.F. CONNOR. General Agent,
630 Market street.
GOODALL PERKINS A CO.. Superintend***-!*-.
PMIBZaBSI-fl S. S. AUSTRALIA for
T& aMIE " " N " L '" ■' V " -*".
i*|C**"» at * Tuesday, May 18, at
y •■■•■ t^jj^ 2 p. m. Special party
e\.^l"\ rates.
< **\l^rn-\riincJ The & a alameda
Cj)lC<Illljlll|^ t - / sails via HONOLULU
. /nmRTIPLK « nd AUCKLAND for
■VWllipUltq' SYDNEY, Thursday,
May 27, - p. m.
Line to COOLG Aust.,and CAPETOWN,
South Africa.
J. D. SPRECKELS <fc BROS. CO., Agents,
114 Montgomery street.
Freight oflice, 327 Market street, san Frtnctsco.
CO.IPA6NIE GENERAL TRASSATLIif Ityi J
Frencti Line to Havre.
COMPAN Y'S PIKR(NEW),42 NORTH _»««_
River, foot of Morton e„ Travelers by •»*"??
this line avoid both transit by English railway autl
the discomfort of crossing the channel in a small
boat. New York to Alexandria, Egypt, via Pari*
first class $160. second class 9116.
LA TOURAINE May 8, 10 a. m.
LA BRETAONE May 15, 10 a. M.
LA l -HAMI'AGNE May 22. 10 A. M.
I. A GASCOGNE May 29, 10a.m.
LA TOURAINE J n** 5. 10a.m.
tSr For further particulars snply to
A. FORGET, Agont,
No. 3. Bowl| Green, New York.
3. F. FCGAZI it CO., Agent* 5 Montgomery
•venue, san Francisca
FOR YUKON GOLD FIELDS
ALASKA.
THE NORTH AMERICAN TRANSPORTA-
tion and Trading company's Al steamer
PORTLAND (CAPT. KIDSTON),
Will leave SAN FRANCISCO June 1 and Au-
gust 1: -SEATTLE June 10 and August 10,
taking passengers for the above points.
For further particulars apply to company's
agent, 8 California strei-t. San Francisco.
Sea tie oflice, 61 •*■ First avenue. >
STOCKTOI STEAMERS
Leave Pier No. 3, Washln-gton St-,
At 6 P. SI. Daily. Freight received -ua
to 5:30 P. M.
KS" Accommodations Reserved by Telephone.
he only- line selling through tickets and giving
through freight ratea to all points on Vulle*
Railroad.
STEAMERS:
T. O. Walker, J. _»• Peters,
Mary Oarratt, City of Stockton.
Telephone Main 80S. Cat. Nay. and lmpt. Oa
FORD. 8. MTMIiI AID VAIIEJO.
. STEAMER "MONTICELLO,"
Mon., Tues., Wed., Thurs. and Sat
..9:45 a. m. and 3:16 p. m. (9 P. X ex. Thurs.)
Fridays _, 1 p. m., 9 p.m.
Sundays 10:3U a. m. and 8 p. x
Landing and offices. Mission Dock, Pier _
Telepnone Green 381. .
FOR SAI JOSE, LOS GATOS & SAITACRUZ
STEAMER ALVISO LEAVES PIER 1 DAILY
(Sundays excepted) at 10 a. x Alviso daily
(Saturday excepted) at 7 p. M. Freight and
Passenger. Fare between San Francisco and
Alviso, SOc; to San Jose, 76c. Clay at* Piari.
•JU W. banta Clara su, sau Jos*
RAILROAD TRAVEU
Santa Fe
THURSDAYS the first- *^^^|^l
class Pullman sleeping-car l&|Emnk^J
leavlnc at ft p. x connects B^>^tf-Sfg_L*j_gl
at >; tow with the Santa I|SgJZ\cBK«B
Fe limited traiu carrying __WSL^i9^SSar
dining-car, buffet sreokinK- i__W?r_^J!___f__T^
car and Pullman palace _^SS^J'^!^rrs%
drawing-room slpeplng-c»rs j3__tS^S^^^Sm
for toth Chicago and St.
' Louis via Kansas City.
.'<'_. Days to Chicago or St. Louis.
4A/_ Days to Sew York.
SANTA FE EXPRESS
Leaves dally at 6p. m. Pullman palace drawing,
room, also modern upholstered tourist sleeping-
i cars, thmurh to l hicago via Kansas City, Annex
I cars tor Denver and St. Louis
Boston excursions via Kansas City, Chicago,
: Montreal and the White Mountains leave every
i Tuesday; St Paul excursions every Sunday,
Ticket Office, 644 Market s'reet, Chron-
icle building. Telephone Main 1531.
TH. SAS FRAKCiSCO ASD SAI JOAQUII
¥ALLE¥ RAILWAY COMPASY.
FROM APRIL 15, 1897, passenger trains will
run dally: . ?..;.-■
bouthbound. Stations. Northbound,
7:20 a. x Stockton 6:10 p. m.
9:49 a. m Merced 3:14 p. m.
11:10 a m. Fresno 1:10 p. m.
For Intermediate stations see time-table.
Connections— At Stockton with steamboats of
C. N. & I. Co , leaving San Fmncisco and 8 ockton
: at 6 p. m. daily: at Merced with stages from Soell-
; ings, ( ou terville, Yosemite, Mariposa, etc; at
Lankershim wi.h stage to aud from Madera •
MOUNT TAMALPAIS.
Trains connect with North Paolflo
< oast Kailroad.
K M^4t-1?5 e p. S M F '' Vi * BaU3 - IUo fen
day?l^. 9 V :.o'p. r M Tam • llPal8 • daily - cxc - * Sun -
Extra trips leaving Tavern.Monday.Wfdnesaay,
Friday mati Saturday. 7 a. m. . MoJday, Wednes-
dnv nnd S-iturds-... 9;,r. p m. .\
SUNDAYS—Leave S. F. 8. 9, 10, 11 A.X: 1:45,
,'.' V" I*. ? r V- 0 - Taroalpafs-10. - ,1:1 •*• *.;
IS; 0. --:R0.4:1R. •,:•*•*-*, c v
Tickts for sale ln Mill Valley or THOS. COOK
,_K° •5 b * 6 *- -* Market . St., S. F. lunderfuiace no-
tel). Telepnoue, Main ourfa.
bS^A MANHOOD RESTOREDSS
MW^&fffSj Zv? «? tion or a famous French physician, will quickly cure you of ali ncr J
■ \l\. ,\\ 1-r-T \T voua or diseases of the generative organs, such as fastM^H.!-:?-*
H^-s, 6__\\ \i J___\ InsomnlaJ Pains In the Back, Seminal Emiiio*x"& i^^'
9 1 P^L T *&*¥ Pimples, Unfitness to Marry, Exhausting Draii>sYßr^J^ bUI --',
M 11^* V constipation. 1 1 stops all losses by day or night* Privet ___£s
m \^ > Vj ness^of discharge, r if not checked leads toS^m^twhrn^rd
I BEFORE aND AFTER all the horrors of Impotency. CUriDEKJE cleanses tieliv^i ihi
■ DbruHt and AMcH kidneysand thn nrinary oreans of all impurities. " i *-«'w, **-'
■ -^ CUPIOEKE strengthens and restores small weak organs.
The reason sufferer*, are not cured by Doctors is because ninety per cent ana tro-nhl-***- wff-a
Proatntitio. CUPIDENE Is the only kno^n remedy to cure without an operation, ,-»S m VnL
als. A written guarantee given and money returned if six boxes does not effect a pemanent euret
|Looabox,sixforl}s.oo,by mail. Send for fuse circular and testimonials. permanent cura
Adai*«4*» -UAVOL. _i_.Lil-V;iNi- CO.. 1170 Market street, San Francisco, CaL For--..! eh.
-bttooiid' fiiAitMAwy, xm r_-owSl?tt«2
RArXnoAD TRAVEL:
SOUTH «C*«_« I'ACIFIC CO_f_»AW__»;-
(PACiriO imm.)
-]<.._ i n . lenvii >»««« =»■*«* «li«« '<» nrrXV.m'i
WAN FIMNCINCO.
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street) \ '
-leave — From May 1. 1897. — abf-SJ
"•6-OOa Niles. Sau Jose and Way Stations . . .... jTT
7:OOa Atlantic Express, Ogdcti and l-.ast.. Bt*3»
7:OOa Benicia. Sacramento, OroTille and
Redding via Davis _ :^'i 1 *
7:O©A Vacavillo i»nd Rum5ey. . . . .......... >S:*l3p.
7:30 a Martinez, San Ramon.*, allejo, Napa,
Caliatoga and Santa Itosa .«;1">*»
»:ttOA Niles, Kan Jose. .Stockton, lone.
Sacramento, Marysville, Chico, .
Tehama and Red Blu lf 4ililTs
*8:30 a Peters ami Mi1t0n............ _3:l_«
MiOWA NfwCrlransMilU'-i-s.Merced.Fre-iiio, i
Bakerslield, Santa Barbara, Los
Angeles, Detnlng, El Paso, New .
Orleans hiid East Vl2*
»:00a Martinez and Stockton _ : '!,
»:OOa ValKjo ••• • ««"■
Hi les San Jose, Livermore and
Stockton _!____
•l:00p Sacramento River .Steamers _*??'
l:OOp Niles, San Joro r.nd Livermore : ™ A -
fl:*lop Port Costa and Way Stations........ t->:_39
4:UUr Mr.rtinez, San R-' 1 ' 01 ': >all,j^
Napa, Calistoga, Ll Verauo and
Santa Rosa ..* •-; • • .... . ■• «*•"*
m jOOp Benicia, Vactville. Woodland,
Knights Landing, Marysvillc, Oro--- ._ ._
villa and Sacramento ............. «--*«
-ft3ttr Lathrop, Stockton, Modesto, Mer-
ced Raymond (for Yosemite), and.
Fresno, going via Niles, returning .
via Martinez 'i_y' •***»««
3>OopLos Angeles Express, Tracy, J
Fresno^ Mojavo (for Randsburg), i
Santa Barbara and Los Angeles. T.'-l.'}**
sio*»p Santa Fo Route, Atlautio Express
for Mojave and Ea5t. . . . . ... V* « *
6:00p European Mail, Og.len and East.... •*•»-*
6:0»p Haywards, Nilts aud San Jose .'-_***■'
}*:«Oi' Vallejo i:*-"-* , '- 7: ***^
t»:OOi' Oregou Express, Sacramento, Blarys-
ville, Redding, Portland, Puget
Sound and East 7;45a
' SAS LtA>Dlt(» A.M» HAI'IYAIUW LOCAL. 1
- (Foot of Market Street.) '
•••6:00a I ? : J*-_
8:OOa Melrose, Seminary Park» io't^t
lo.'oot Fitchburg, Elmhurst, iiU^a,
(II:00a San Leandro, South Sa_*t *i? : -
-11 mS Leandro, Estudillo ■"' jsUs^i
*E»':00p \> Lorenzo, Cherry i : V' r
4:OOp i 45:4"*P«
S:OOp - n,J 6:l."*»i--
-5:30p Haywards. : = "•■-
-»:00p i Runs through to Niles. «_2_Si
9:00p t From Niles JO:."»Oi- .
tfHtiapJ tbrom * ll ß - 1 __l_____S
SAMA Citi Z DIViMiiN (Narrow -Hauge,.
. ■ Foot of Market Street. ,
}7:43 a Santa Cruz Excursion, Santa Cruz j
and Principal Way Stations jSsOW
Bi4t>A Newark, Centerville.Sau Jose.Felton,
Boulder Creek, Santa Cruz and Way.
Stations ifluflO*
•2:lSp Newark, Centerville, San Jose, New- 0
Almaden, Felton, Boulder Creek,
Santa Cruz and Principal Way
Stations «!?«»*»_,
4:15 i» Newark, San Jose and Los (latos . . . Giao.v
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
Faom SAS FRAKCISCO — Foot of Market Street (Slip 8)—
•7:15 9:00 11:00 a.m. -(1:00 *2*flo $3:09
•4:00 t5:00 *6:00r.M.
From OAKLAND— or Bro»dw»j.—*6:oo 8:00 10:00 a.m.
$12:00 *1:00 t2:00 «3:00 ti:00 *g*oor_»J
COAST lUVISION (llilril A Toniisrinl Sis.) ,
7:OOASau Joso and Way Statious (New
Almaden Wednesdays only) llSOpj
9:00 a Sau Jose, Tres Pinos, Santa Cruz,
. Tad Grove, Paso Robles, Sau
Luis Obispo, Guadalupe, Surf ami
Principal Way Stations -4:lßpi
10:40 a Sau Jose and Way Stations C:3op*
1 1:30 a Palo Alto and Way Stations 3:oop<
*2:30p San Mateo, Menlo Park, Kan Jose,
Gilroy, Tres Pinos, Santa Cruz,
Salinas,Monterey ami Pacific Grove -"10:40*-
■»::iop San Jose and Way Stations 0:4.1 a
•-»:3opSan Jose and Way Stations *S:o.*)a
;>:3« San Jose and Principal Way Stations *8:45 a.
li: Ml P San Jose and Way Stations 0:35 a.
fl l -.4.1 r San Jose and Way Stations t?:4s|»
A for Morning. P for Afternoon. 0
•Sundays excepted. \ Sundays only, t Saturdays only}
tt Monday, Thursday and Saturday nights only.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC COMPANY.
SPECIAL NOTICK.
C___-___._>JG-___ i_xr ■ri_3wx__]
BKTWKKX
SAN FRAXCISCO MD PORTLAND,
COMMENCING MAY l«t.
Oregon Express, daily
•i 8:00 P.M.
(Arrives Portland 9: 30
a. x. second day.)
Excursion Train (every
fifth day) at 7:00 P.M.
Commencing May 3, 71
(Arrives Portland 5:001
a. m. second day.) I
ICa 1 1 for via ■ * JExpross,
dally, at 6:OOP. M.
(Arrives San Francisco
7 :45 a. m. second day.)
ExcurslonTraln(everv
fifth day)at 10:00 P.M.
Commencing May _.
(Arri .es San Franclsro
7:16 a. M. second day.)
T. H. GOODMAN, H. K. JCDAH,
GenL Passenger Agt Asst. Genl Passgr- At*.
SM FRANCISCO & KORTH PA-
CIFIC RAILWAY CO.
Tiburon Perry— Foot of Markets*.
San Francisco to San Bafael.
WEEK DAT 9-7:30, 9:00, 11:00 a. »t: UrSS.
8:30, 6:10, 6:30 P. m. Thursdays— Extra trie
at 11:30 p. x. Saturdays— trips at I:SJ
and 11:30 p. it
6UNDAYB-8:00, 9:30, 11:00 a. m.; 1:30, 3:31
6:00, 0:20 p. _.
San Kafael to San Francisco.
WEEK DAYS-8:15, 7:60, 9:20, 11:10 a. st-
-1 2:45, 3 : 40, 6 :10 p. x. Saturdays— Extra trios
at 1:65 p. m. and 6:35 p. x lv *
BTJNDAYS-8-.10, 9:40, 11:10 a. x.; I:4a 3:4 a
6:00,6:26 p.m. * "t* *
Between San Francisco and Scbnetzen Parte same
schedule as above.
- Leave InefTect Arrive '
San Pranclsca April 26, B*n8 * n francisoo.
Week j B ex- *t_-HS3*_- Bus- fw___T
Days, | pays. ■ ""-" lw - pats. | Days.
7:30 am 1 8:00 ah Novato, 10:40 ami 8:40 am
3:30 rm 9:30 am Petaiuma, 6:10 pm 10:25 am
6:10 pm l 5:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm 6:22 pk
-TI Fulton, f :
7:30 am Windsor, 10:2»am
Healdsburg,
Lytton,
Geyserville,
3:30 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:35 pm 6:22 nt
Pieta, ~'
7:30 am Hopland & 10:25 am
3:30 I'M 8:00 am Ukiah. 7:35 6:22
7:30 am; 10:25 am
8:00 am Gnernevllle. 7:36 pm
3:30 pm I j 6:22 r •<
7:30 am 8:00 am Sonoma 10:40 am; 8:40 a ii,
and ff
6:10 PM ' 5:00 PM Glen Ellen. 6:10 pm 6:22 pi^
7:30 am 8:00 AMI -i < , hM . , 1 10:40 AMI 10 . A>i
3:30 5:00 pm[ ■ seDast °P ol - [ 6:10 pm| 6:22 pk
stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs; at Geyservllle for Skaggs Springs; at
Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Pleta for Highland
Springs, Kelseyville, Soda Bay and l_tkeport; at
Hopland for Lakeport and Bartiett Spring*); at
Ukiah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga Springs, Bins
Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake. Upper Lake. Porno, Pottef
Valley. John Day's, Riverside, Llerley's. Buck-
nell's, Sanhedrin Heights, Hullville, Booneviile,
Orr's Hot Springs, Mendocino City, Fort Bragg,
Westport, Usal.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets atreduoal
rates. v.o .:--_*
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all points be-
yond San Rafael at half rates. AjJJM ;
Ticket Offices, 650 Marketst., Chronicle building.
A. W. POSTER, B. X. BY AW.
Pres. and Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent .
KORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD
(Via Sausalito Perry).
Prom San Francisco, Commencing May 2, 1897
WEEKDAYS.
For Mill Valley and San Rafael— •8:15.
•9:45, 11:30 a. m.; *1:45, 0,4:00. 6:16.
•6:00.6:30 P. M.
Extra trips for San Rafael on Mondays, Wednes-
days and Saturdays at 11:30 p. M.
SUNDAYS.
For Mill Valley and San Rafael-*8 :00, «9:00.
•10:00.11:00. 11:80 a.m.; 1:00, *1:4&, »2;3J
*4:00, 5:30, 6:45. 11:00 P. m.
11:00 a m. does not run to San Kafael; 6:30 and
ll :00 p. m do not ruu :o Mill Valley.
Trains marked • run to san Quentin.
* THROUGH TRAINS.
7:00 a. x weekaays (or Cazaders and way sta-
tions; 1:45, p. m. Saturdays for Casadero and
way stations: 8:00 a. m. Sundays for Caandero
and nay stations; 9:00 a. m. Sundays for Po ns
Reyes and way stationsCOUNCILMEN MAKE
A GOOD START
Judge Gibson Still Has the
Spirit of a Past Gen
eration.
The City Hall Will Some Day
Men the Fate of Many
Recommendations.
.. .
Contract Street-Cleaning Consists of
: ; Removing the Dust Into Stores
mi Residences.
"'.'.-* Oakland Office San Francisco Call,)
908 Broad waj*, .May 2. ,
* The action of the Council in refusing to
grant any licenses contrary to tho wishes
of the residents at Twenty-third avenue
■will be commended by all those who de
sire to Keep saloons out of the residence
territory. The Seventh Ward, of which
Twenty-third avenue is a part, was one of
the few wards in the city that at the re
cent election gave a" majority in favor of
the closing of saloons at all times. This
being so, a protest from that ward should
naturally have more weight than one from
a ward in which a majority was given for
keeping saloons en.
During the campaign preceding the elec
tion it was stated by the Liquor Men's
. ■Protective Association that they would
prefer to have all the deadfalls in the city
closed up, so that they could no longer
' bring discredit on the legitimate dealers.
The records of the Police Court show that
: these outside saloons and roadside houses
are productive of much crime, and the
: City Council certainly did right in re
• specting the wishes of the large number
of Protestants.
The object of many, but not all, of these
outside saloons is Pot to profit by the
business in the locality where they wish
to be established, but to draw from tbe
' center of Oakland an element which is not
desirable, but which is probably less un
.desirable when on the outskirts. This is
the argument made by the protestants,
and which the respectable liquor dealers
indorse.
- Ex-Judge Gibson still retains that old
feeling that animated him when be
marched under the Union flag a genera
tion ago. A little incident that happened
in a restaurant a few days ago shows very
'. strongly the Judge's character.
He sat down to his meal and just as he
... was commencing a colored man, a well
known janitor, walked into the restaurant
. and going to the most secluded corner took
a seat.
"What are you doing down there,
Allen?" cried the Judge.
"Well, sir, I generally gets into the
quietest corner," said Allen.
* "Are you too proud to eat with me?"
..: asked Judge Gibson.
"No, sah."
"Then come up here," and the Judge
and the colored janitor ate their dinner
tocether on one check and conversed of
thirty years ago.
The old barn that passes for a City Hall
periodically furnishes an argument why
it should at least be succeeded by a build
ing not inferior in size or architecture to
that of our smaller sister city of Ala
meda.
During the week one more man walked
. out of his cell and to liberty, and he was
not 'missed for several days. The conve
nient old prison had so far decayed that
• boys have been known to creep out of the
-. top of cells, men have broken the piece of
j rust that restrained them, and on ono oc
• .easion an inmate removed a portion of the
stone wall and crawled through. There
• is nothing to prevent an ingenious fellow
• from getting out of the jail, and each year
V the chances for escaping increase as the
old place rots.
On several occasions Mayors bave advo
'* cated the issuing of bonds and the erec
tion of a decent municipal pile, but the
suggestions have fallen to the ground, and
-a like fate will overtake the old building
-.if some radical improvements are not
made.
... The greatest, most offensive ana most
• expensive of all the ofliciai nuisances now
. being maintained in Oaklandis the farcical
.method adopted for cleaning the streets.
Merchants and residents have protested
. against the nuisance for years, but in
• vain. When the street sweeper goes by,
beating all the dirt and dust on the street
•' high into the air, ladies walk into entran
ces and storekeepers rush to close their
doors and windows. Sometimes as early
• as 7 o'clock in the evening the abomina
tion commences and more goods are
spoiled hy this stupid system than would
pay for sweeping all the streets by hand.
* Before the present contract was let an
attempt wag made to have the work done
by hand, as Is done in San Francisco, but
it was found that tbis would cost a few
more dollars. The main fact, however,
that after the streets were swept by hand
they would be clean and no nuisance
would have been committed did not seem
to impress itself upon local officials. If
any. one wishing to make lame by cari
caturing the public contract system of Oak
land were to be on Broadway while the
street is being "cleaned" he could not
wish a better subject.
Stuart W. Booth.
POUND Iff THE LAKE.
.Recovery of the Two Lads Who Were
Drowned While Bathing.
-...OAKLAND, Cai.., May 2.— Before day
break tbis morning the search began in
"Lake Merritt for the bodies of the two
lads drowned last night.
With the aid of Victor Oyber and Hiram
HaU, the two lads who were out in the
: boat when the accident occurred, the loca
. lion of the sad affair was more accurately
gauged than could be done last night, and
after a short search the two bodies were
brought to the surface. They were at
once taken to their homes.
Emil Nusbaumer, a^ed 12 years and 5
months, will be buried from the family
residence to-morrow afternoon at 2 o'c'ock.
.-The interment will be at Mountain View
Cemetery. ; J-J
Edward Tubbs Hall was 13 years old.
Services will be held at the nome of his
parents on Fifth avenue to-morrow after
noon and the interment will be private.
. _• — * — •
The Barns Were Fatal.
ALAMEDA. Cal., May 2.— James H.
Ross Jr. died at the sanitarium on San
Jose avenue at an early hour this morn
ing after having suffered untold agony.
He was frightfully burned on last Friday
forenoon, when to save the house at 1727
• Encinal avenue from fire he carried out of
the kitchen a mixture of wax and turpen
tine, which bad ignited while being
heated oyer a gas stove. The corpse wa?
a sight to behold, the body from the head
to the waist having been burned by the
fiery liquid until hardly a patch of stun
was left. The deceased was a native of
•this State, aged 22 years and was a paiuter
•by vocation. He was a member of Cordes
■Hose Company and an ex-member of
Company (i. Fifth Infantry, N. G. C. The
• inquest will be eld to-morrow morning
at 9:30 o'clock. A dying request of Ross
Was that the members of the fire and
miliary -companies attend hii funeral.
ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
TO DISCOURAGE
THE FEDERATION
Important Letter Read at
/ a Railroad Men's
Meeting.
One Thousand Visiting Con
ductors Are Expected in
a Few Weeks.
The Chinese Coqsu'. Knowi of No
'Soft Snaps" for Rdlroad M-n
in the Orient.
Oakland Office San* Fraxcisco Call,)
903 Broadway, M«y 2- i
Chairman W. V. Spaffard of Calistoga,
chairman of the grievance committee of
the 0. K. C. system, lias written a letter
to the Federation of Railway Employes
that lias been received as a damper on the
proposed plan of federation of the five
powerful railroad unions on this coast.
The letter came in response to a request
from Secretary L. J. Bulen whom the fed
eration in this city asked to ascertain the
standing of the grievance committee as
constituted prior to the A. R. TJ. strike.
The answer was read this afternoon to a
few representatives of the federation, and
is as follows:
On May G, 1894, tho O. R. C, B. K. T., B. L.
I*., O. R. 1. and & M. A. A. met through their
representatives and signed the system federa
tion (Cedar Rapids plan). 1 was elected sec
retary of the board and C. E. Swain of the ,
B. R. T. was elected chairman. Two months
later came tne strike. The S. M. A. A. and
the B. L. F. walked out almost to a man, so
that there was not enough of them left upon
the system. to carry out their laws and dis
cipline the balance. » * * Three years have
elapsed and I should think that the whole
matter has lapsed under the statute of limi
tations. There have been many changes in
the material that comprises the different
orders and Ido not believe that the member
ship generally would be willing to recognize
the authority of a board oi tne '94 federa
tion. This , of course, is only my personal
opinion, but it seems to me that in order to
ascertain the feeling a vote would be neces
sary.
Owing to the failure of some one in
sending out notices there was no meeting
of the representatives of the various rail
way orders this afternoon, hence no
official action could be taken on the com
munication, but those present expressed
a determination to go ahead and organize
the federation along the ola lines. Some
of the men accuse the writer of being op
posed to the scheme of federation on the
ground of his being as far* up as he can
get and hence cares nothing for his less
fortunate brother workingmen. This is
said to be the cause of several other in
stances of indifference. However, the
matter will be pressed to a completion at
an early date.
The Golden Gate Division, No. 361 0. R.
C. met to-night and d scussed the plans
for the reception of the visitors who will
come to Oakland and San Francisco at
the close of the session of the Grand Di
vision in Los Angeles about the *"Oth inst.
Thomas E. Fainter will represent the i
Golden Gate Division in Los Angeles when
475 delegates from all over the United j
Mates, Canada and' Mexico will be pres- i
ent, besides 1200 or 1500 visitors. Th y
will come in special trains from Boston,
Chicago, St. Louis and Atlanta and at
the cose of the meeting come to Oakland
and San Francisco for a couple of days.
The Ladies' Aid Society of the O. K. C.
will meet at the same time and place.
Mrs, M. l'lumb, of 918 Centre street will
represent City of Oats Division, No. 107
of this City.
The L. A. of O. R. C. gave a very enjoy
able social at the home of Mrs. M. Plumb,
918 Center street, last evening. Whist
and other card games were played and
light refreshments served. These monthly
gatherings are greatly enjoyed by the
railroad men and their iormer families.
The statement telegraphed from New
York several days ago that a Chinese em
bassy was at work seevring American rail
road men to go to China created consider
able excitement in West Oakland. A
delegation of the men waited upon the
representative of the flowery kingdom in
San Francisco to ascertain the truth of
the statement. They were greatly disap
pointed when toll that "no such soft
snaps bad been beard of" by the Consul.
PRIZE TOURNAMENT.
Bluerock Shooters Assemble in Force
at Alameda Point.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Way 2.— The bluerock
shooters assembled in great numbers to
day at Alameda junction for the Golcher
handicap prize tournament, and all day
the shotguns popped merrily. Shooters
congregated from all parts of the State,
and in the first event there were 127 en
tries. The two events of the day were shot
simultaneously, and even with this ar
rangement tbe tournament was not ended
until 5 o'clock in the afternoon.
First event— Handicap match, 30 birds, en
trance 75 cents, for 24 prizes; ties for guns
shot off at 25 birds; all other ties decided by
freeze-out
Scratchmcn— Kass 16, Edgar Forster 21, Ross
22, Durham 18, W. J. Golcher 20, H. C. Gol
cner 20, Nauman 14. P. Coykendall 14, Dr.
Barker 19, Karney 21, McMurchy *_2, Beck
art lit.
One-bird handicap— "Chestnut" 19, Nicol
IS, Daly 10, Mitchell 17, Eugene Forster 24.
McCutehon 23, H. Vernon 17, F. Vernon 23,
0. Fisher 20, King 15, Shaw 19, Remfree 18,
Taylor 14, Coffin 17, Skinner 18, rotter 18,
Wenzel 14. G. Anderson 22, Waies2o, 11. Coy
kendall 24, Desaldo 19, Hobson 18, Leon 18,
Argues 17, Wetmore 11, Chaunchy lS.Rieklei
se;-, 16, Fianzen 30, E. Klevesahl 20. Mcßae
16, Daniels 20, Zemer 20, Dunham 19,
Buum 17, Vnndall 17. Scott 13, White 10, Bo
lander 10, Walton 16, Young 17, Lake 20,
Brunt 24, Greeble 10, Olsen 19, Whitney 24,
Belten 2'_.
Two turns handicap— Edwards 19. Weigel .
24, Reese 10, Wentworth 19, Tellerson 19, E. i
Robertson 12, Summerfieid 20, Lehrke 15,
Crell 14, Blackb?e 11, Peterson 14, Baker 14,
F. Anderson 16, Bobbins 19, Kerrison 21,
Michelson 9, Thorn 15, Palmer 15, Alderton
13, Wai. am 18, c. M. Usher 18, Little 19,
Crawford 10.
Three birds handicap— Matterson; 20, Ford
14, Hoddapp 19, Bicker -taff 18, Jascu«ki 15,
Simpson 14, Paul 10. Neusiadter 16, Cla
brough 11, Gstrander 14, F. Williams 10, M.
Unger 17, E. Unger 11, Price 17, Jacklin 16,
McDonnell 15.
lour birds handicap— Stoney 12, Casey 6,
Root 12, Bolandar 10. . , '
Five birds handicap— Miller 14, Crell 5,
Harney 17, Hoyt 10. Mudd 11.
Eugene Forster won the* Smith hammerless
gun with 24 out of 25 birds. J. B. McCutehon
and Frank Vernon tied for the Barker gun
with 23 out of 'JO in the shoot-off, and then
compromised by McCUtohofi taking the prize.
Second event, 20 birds, entrance $1, $25
added, six moneys, class shooting, all lies de
cided—Edward Olsen 13, Whitney 13, Ed
wards 9, C. R. Weigel 17, E. Robertson 10,
Lehrke 15, Peterson 12. Baker 10, Ken-lion
13. Aidersnn 11, E. H. Frost 5. F. A. Hoddapp
14, Neustadter 15, Owens 13, Belten 11, Jack
lin 14, Street 8, C. A. Haight 10, Remington 5,
Little 10, F. Anderson 10, Summerfiold 17, C.
M. Fisher 9, Flickinger 10. Rlckleiseu 18,
wears 10, Biiiingtou 10. Robertson 17, Taylor
9, Coffin 12, Skinner 12. Potter 11, Wenzel 14,
G. Anderson 17, Waller 15, H. < oykendall 17,
Dozaido 13, Hobson 16, Lion 17, Argents 7,
Wetmore 9, Kievesahl 13, P. Mcßao 18, Dim- |
iels 11, McDonald 8, Banm 15, Vandall 13, I
White 13, Young 9, Lake 14, Andrus 16, Bruns
16, Webb 16, F. Feudner 13, Haas 15, Edgar
Forster 15, Ross 13. Durham 14, W. J.
Golcher 13. 11. 0. Golcher 14. F. Cor Kendall
15, Dr. Barker 14, K*ini»y 18, McMurchy 17.
Beckart 13. Chestnut 13, Nicol 16, Daly 13,
MucUcll 13, Lugeue Pursier 16, McCutehon j
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, MAY 3, 1897.
17, F. Vernon 14, O. Fischer 13. King 14, Shaw
16, Remfree 11.
First money divide between Karney, Mo
Rae and Rioklefsen; second money between
McMurchy, Weisel, McCutchon, Summerfleld.
Anderson, Coykendall and Lion, and third
money between Eugene Forster, Haight,
Shaw, Hobson, Sears, Andrus, Webb and
Hruns.
OAKLAND NAVY.
; Only Three Boats Finish in the Usee
, for Stay.
ALAMEDA, Cal , May 2.— The Oakland
navy is on its last legs, judging from the
lack of interest displayed this season in
its monthly races. Some prophesy that
with the departure of Commodore Fouts
for Eureka the end is not far. In the
races to-day there were only five entries,
] and of these the Amelia and Aeolus did
not finish, but withdrew after having
covered lhe course twice. It was a pretty
race, however, between the other three
entries, the Surprise being victor in
1:45:39, sailing time. The starting' gun
was at 2:30 o'clock and for the three prin
cipal races the time was:
Alert, W. C, start. 2:30:45; past buoy,
: 3:4:50; second, 3:40 finish, 4:10:30.
Surprise, W. It., start, 2:30:30; first buoy,
i 3:5:15; second. 3:41:22; finish. 4:15 :39.
Major, W. It., .-tart. 2:31:20; first buoy,
I 3:0:50; second, 3:43; finish, 4:18:20.
Monthly Practice.
ALAMEDA. Cal., May -.—Company G,
: Fifth Infantry, N. G. C, held its monthly
i target practice at the High-street range
to-day. It is preparing for a match shoot
I with Company A ot Oakland, which being
I tin organization witn a record for mark
i manship. while G is only a novice, will ;
I cive it a handicap iqual to difference I
between the averages of the best fifteen {
| men in each company. The -"cores to-day j
i were: Masten and Born, 38;
j and Elliott, 37; Cordes, 36; Schaier, 35;
I Quevedo, Vandor, Lange, Wulzen. Rus-,eli :
j and Putzman, 34; Meyer, Canning and j
I Kleupfer, 3-3; Lodtmnn, 31; K*nnyon and
i Henderson, 30; and Crandall 25.
I Thirty-six men made scores on this first,
| day of the monthly shoot for records.
Baseball at Alameda.
I ALAMEDA, Cal., May 2.— There was a \
I large attendance this afternoon at the
I opening of the new baseball grounds at
■ the West End. The game was between
I the Alameda Alerts and the San Fran
cisco Athletic Club, and an exciting game j
lit proved to be. The local team was de- j
feated. Score, 3to 2.
Lecture on Colonial Ware.
OAKLAND, Cai.., May 2.— To-morrow
afternoon Mrs. G. H. Kipley of San Fran
cisco wiil lecture before the Ebell Society
on the "Art of the English Potter." The
ladies are requested to bring specimens of
colonial ware, but only of the blue color.
FOR THEATER-GOERS.
A Synopsis of the Programmes to En
able Them to Choose From for
This Evening.
This evening DeWo'.f Hopper, who, on bis
j previous appearance In this City in "Wang,"
| created such a furore, is to appear at the Hnla
| win Theater to-night in Souss nnd Klein's
comic opera, "El C-ip'tan." He will be sup
' ported by his wife, Edna Wallace, and many
i favorites.
"A Rati on the Bsnk" caused a run on the
box office for seats at the Columbia Theater
: last week, and from the manner in which
j Ward and Yokes -were received it Is safe to ssy
that during the current week the run will con
! tinue. The music and the Uialoguo are cx
i cellent.
"East Lynne," tbat emotional play that has
; ciusod more tears to flow than any other that
i has ever been placed on the stage, will be
: offered nt the Alcnzar Tneater to-night, with
! Adele Belgardr in the character of Lady Isabel
i and Madame Vino, and George Osbourne as.
i Carlyle. 'Jjj
IITc-nfght at Morosco's Grand Opera-house
I will be offered Ford's spectscular corned
j drama, "An American Hero," it being the
! Initial performance on this coast. It is a play
lull of exciting snd interesting situations, to
j be put on with line scenic effects.
A', tho Tivoli Opera-house ihls evening
| "Shamus O'Brien," that has caught the popu
; lar fancy, will be presented again and Its
| rendition will be witnessed by a large theater
pirty of the Bonemian Club, of which Denis
j O'Suliivan, tiie priucipal sinner, is a member.
There will be no lack ol attractions at the
' Orpheum Music Hail this evening. Mile.
! Flt-urette and her "Four Flour de Lis" novelty
i mincers will appear. Mile. Anl, a" great aerial
i artist from Eur.>p-, is also o * tne programme,
I and there are mnny other tavorites.
As usual there wid be a host of attractions
; at the Chutes this evening for the lovers of
I outdoor sports. The sport of shooting the
| chutes is always a source of pleasure, while a
i ride on the scenic railway is exciting and cx
i hilarating.
TO REPRESENT PACIFIC COAST BAPTISTS.
OAKLAND, Cai,., May 2.— Rev. C. M. Hill, pastor of the Tenth Avenue Baptist
Chnrch and a graduate of the Baptist Theological Seminary of Rochester, N. V., has
been honored by his Alma Mater. To-morrow evening he leaves for the East. He
will serve as one of the board of examiners of the graduating class, which will oc
cupy his time from tne 7th to ihe 10;h of the month. On the 13th Mr. Hill will ad
dress tbe New York Union lor Ministerial Education, the body supporting the theo
logical seminary, .[j. ;_.-"• ';Lyjj.^yC J
Ou the 16tb be will go to Pittsburg, Pa., as a delegate to the May anniversaries of
the Baptist denomination in America. At this meeting occurs the annual meeting of
ail societies connected with the Baptist societies, including- the American Baptist
Home Mission, American Baptist Publication and National Baptist Educational So
cieties. Mr. Hill will speak upon " Home Mission Work on tbe Pacific Coast " before
the Home Mission Society meeting. •'*.'".-
Before be returns Mr. Hill Trill visit New York, Boston, Buffalo and Chicago.
AN EXPERT'S IDEAS
ON MANLESS ISLES
TTT TV " ---••■
I Harry Walton Discusses
the Voyage of the
Mermaid.
Gauzy Circulars Being Sea' Out
, Freely in Alameda
County..
A Hard Fat: Certainly Waits for
P. ople Who Make Such
Crpzy C vises.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway, May 2. f
The old bark Mermaid which was towed
off the mut in the estuary ft few days ago
j is still being kepi prominently before the j
I people of tnis city, who have watched it j
i decaying nt its moorings for so long a
lime. Circulars are being freely distrib- i
; uted all over the city setting forth that by |
! payment of $100 one share can be ob- j
J tamed in the South Sea Islands Mining j
| and Colonization Company of San Fran- I
i cisco. These circulars set forth In glow- j
: ing terms the prospect of wealth and a J
j happy life on the Solomon Island, eight ■.
i degrees south of the Equator, and inter- j
ested parties are invited to correspond i
with A. S. Lowndes of San Francisco. -< : JJ:
It is stated that there is a branch office
in this city, but so far no one has been
able to locate it. The announcement says !
that the "last-sailing bark Mermaid," j
which expression causes all Oaklanders
wbo have lately been around the estuary |
i to smile, bas been titted out for the expe
dition and will sail in a few days. The de-
I tails of the affair are much the same as
i those set forth in connection with tbe
Reinhardt fiasco, which sailed some time
ago for the manless isles of the South Sea.
The great objects of the expedition as
noted in the prospectus are on arriving at
the islands "to erect a sawmill, carry on
ship-building, stock-raising and agricul
ture, the latter including cotton, coffee,
sugarcane, tobacco, rye and indigo.''
Henry Walton, the first mate of a
British ship now in port, who is well ac
quainted with the Solomon Islands, re
ceived one of thesa circulars. The specu
lators could hardly have placed it in less
I profitable hands, for Mr. Walton makes I
no secret of the probable future of any j
such expedition.
"The class of men that are likely to bite I
at such a prospectus as this," he said, |
"had better commit suicide before they !
sail. The Solomon Islands are about the
most unlikely place for white men to set
tle in that I know of. A large portion of
the population nre savages, : pure and
simple, and men who go on such schemes
as this are not liKely lo do much ship
building or agriculture eigbtdegrees south
of the equator.
"It is from these islands that the
'blackbird' catchers employed by the
sugar-planters of New South Wales and
Victoria procure the men who work on
their sugar bald i and they are known to
be a treacherous, lazy lot of fellows, who
are only valuable because they can work
in the hot sun.
"These islands are already partly pro
tected by two European governments and
even under them it is not at all easy to
prevent tierce tribal fighting. The Solo
mon Islands is a locality where a man is
just as liKely to be eaten as not and cer- j
tainly the portions of the islands where I
such cranks would go, who would take
part in such an expedition os this, would j
naturally by the wildest and least sale.
That old" Mermaid had better be well sur- i
veyed and over: anted before she sails on i
any such cra/.v rrufse."
l:----i;tini Jewelry Koliliery,
F. S. Ilusscy, Chief of the Provincial Police
of British Columbia, arrived yesterday morn
ing by the steamer Walla Walla. He reported
at polio.' headquarters. lie is hero to attend
to the extiadiuon oi Edward Johnson ana
Jack Black, the two men arretted last Wednes
day for the jewelry robbery at Kossiand, B. C.
HOLES FOR THE
NATIONAL GUARD
The "Red Book" Becomes
Useless as One of
Instruction.
Will Money B. 1 Appropriated for
Brigade Encampments in
the South?
The Guardsmen Will Son B3 Armed
With the Improv d Springfis d
Rifl s— lnspsctiom Needed.
There is in existence for the use of the
National Guard of the State of California
a book that is commonly known as the
"red book" from the color, of the cover.
It purports to be a book of instruction for
the guardsmen, but in view of the fact
that it was published in 1890 and sine*
then a grea: number of change- have been
made in the guard, one of which was its
entire reoganization, the red book as it is
now is of no use except to confuse those
I who read it. Several months ago a num
ber of prominent National Guard officers
agreed to revise it and maKe such changes
as would bring it tip to date and make it
accord with the changed laws, but beyond
the promises nothing has been done. The
guard is in need of a first-class red book
that will give the men an opportunity to
know, as a phrase oi the day goes, "where
they are at." The adjutant-general of
the State certainly ought to have suffi
cient interest in the matter to prepare
rules and regulations that will give every
member of the guard a clear understand
| ing of his position and duties. ',
The matter of filling the vacancy in the
office of judge-advocate on the staff of
the division commander is not yet settled.
The major-general has mail** his selection,
but the nominee, Colonel H. B. Bush, re
tired, has expressed a determination not
to accept unless it is with the rank on
which he was retired. Whether this can
be done or not is another matter. One
section of the law is very positive in as
serting that a retired officer must hold the
rank attached 10 the position to which he
is assigned, and in this case the rank of
the judge-advocate is lieutenant-colonel.
There is another section which may be
construed by a stretch of it as allowing a
retired officer 10 be detailed for a specific
duty on his rank. For the good of the
service, and to avoid the setting of a
precedent that would give every man in
the guard the right to say "If the supe
rior officer can quibble with the law why
cannot I do so?'* the retired colonel, if he
wishes to take an active part in the guard,
should accept the position tendered him
with the rank it carries, and if be feels
that, be cannot afford to be disrated he
ought to give some one else a chance.
The great need of tho guard at this time
is inspections that should be made by offi
cers detailed lor that purpose at times
when the inspecting officers are not ex
pected. Such officers could, unannounced,
visit the armories on drill nights and see
how the men drill when the inspector is
not looked for. By such visits the inspec
tor could discover exactly what the men
do and suggest reforms that would re
dound to the benefit of the guard.
The adjutant-general has consented to
allow the First Infantry and the Fifth In
fantry of the Second Brigade to bold regi
mental encampments as asked for, but no
amount has yet been apportioned for such.
The brigades in the southern part of the
State want brigade encampments, but if
such, instead of regimental or battalion
encampments, aro allowed, it will, for cost
of transportation, make a terrible inroad in
to the camp appropriation, without it is the
expressed opinion of National guardsmen,
producing any beneficial results, for the
reason that for several years the men have
had but little opportunity to come to
gether as regiments and are not as well
up in regimental drill as they might be.
In a seven-day regimental camp they
could learn something that would be of
benefit to them, while in a seven-day brig
ade camp they would have to go through
maneuvers that tney know little or noth
ing about, and by tho time they acquired
tbe first principles of it it would be lime
to return home. The money appropriated
for camp purpose should be used so as to
do the great* good to the ,uird.
The ndjutan -general has sent a request
to the War Department at Washington,
1). C, for the Slate's quota of the Spring
hell rifles that were discarded lor the
Krag-Jorgensens.
A number of canteens and haversacks
lor the use of the guard are on the way to
the distributing point and will be ready
fordelivery in due time.
Itis probable thai the First Infantry,
Second Brigade, will be ordered to parade
on Memorial day with George H. Thomas
Bust on the occasion of the unveiling of
the monument in the Presidio Cemetery,
and that the Naval Battalion, Troop A,
and the Signal Corps will be ordered to do
escort duty for the parade by Lincoln and
Cass Posts, G. A. R.
Orders are out for the inspection of the
companies of the Third Brigade, Brigade-
General Muiler commanding.
Second Brigade.
It is expected that within thirty days
the members of the First Regiment will
be armed with the latest issue of the
Springfield rifles, which have beon called
for by the adjutant-general. They will
also receive the Webb cartridge belts that
have been ordered.
There will boa meeting to-night of the
board of officers of the First Regiment In
fin try, which will be the first since Colonel
Smith assumed command.
The election of captain of Company D,
First Regiment, was held last Friday
night. Major Wagner presided, and as
Second Lieutenant Thomas J. McCreagh
was the only candidate bis election was
made unanimous.
Then followed the election of second
lieutenant. The candidates were Frank
W. Newbert. first sergeant, and Charles J.
White, second snrceant. After a spirited
contest Sergeant White was elected by a
vote of 32 to 25. The new captain bas
been in the guard for nine years, three
years of which he has been lieutenant.
He is very popular with his company.
Tne new second lieutenant has served for
seven years in the company as private,
1 corporal and sergeant, and he wiil no
doubt be an efficient assistant to the new
captain.
Lieutenant-Colonel Duboce, while out
yachting a week ago last Sunday on the
White Wings, met with an ace dent by
which one or his knees was wrenched and
he was in consequence confined to
his home for a week. He made his ap
pearance on crutches last Saturday for
the first time after the mishap. While
the injury sustained is not serious it is
painful and very annoying to a man so
active as the lieutenant-colonel.
In compliance with general orders No.
2, c. s., headquarters Second Brigade, the
annual inspection and muster of the regi
ment will be held unaer the supervision
of Major Charles Jansen, brigade in
spector, in fatigue uniform, as follows:
Tbe field and s'aff. Tuesday, May 11, at 8
p. M.{ the band, Tuesday, May 11, at 3
p. M. ; companies Band I, Tuesday, May
11, at 8 P. M. ;, companies E ana H,
Wednesday, May 12, at 8 p.m.; compa
nies A and L, Thursday, May 13. at 8
, p. m. ; companies D and M, Friday, May
li, at 8 p.m.; companies C and G, Mon
Auction Sales
EDWARD S. SPEAR & CO.,
Auctioneers, 31 and 3*5 Sutter Street.
Telephone— Main 5181.
THIS DAY.
Monday Ma 3, 1897,
At 11 o'clock A. M.,
I We will sell at residence 14 *» HAIGHT ST., cor-
ner of Laguna, the Elegant Parlor, room. Li-
brary and Dining-room Fur iture, Engravings,
Model Art Hange. Kitchen rural ure, c.c., etc.
SOW ASH S. SPEAK <"t CO.. Auctioneers,
31 and 33 --utter St.
EDWARD S. SPEAR & CO.,
Auctioneers. 31 and 33 Sutter Street,
Telephone, Main 6181.
ADMINISTRATOR'S SALE
By Order of Superior Court,
TO-MORROW,
Tuesday May 4, 1897.
At 11 o'clock a M., at Residence,
9-J5 HOWA..IJ STRKKT, Nit. FIFTH,
..WB WILL sku.... ;,' ;
By order of the Superior Courl and A. ('. Freese,
Administrator of the Estate of Chajles A. James,
deceased, all the Parlor, Bed. oom and Dining-
i loom Furniture, Brussels Carpus, Bedding, Pic-
tures, Curtains, Kitchen Furniture, etc.
KDWARD S. SPEAR & CO.. Auctioneer*!,
J: ■:::.-.:■".■■ 31 and 33 Sutter street.
SALE OFJALOOX.-
THIS DAY.
MONDAY, May 3, 1897. at 2 r. M.,
At 2. v 5 o'FAKT.ELL ST., bet. Powell and Mason,
we will sell the Toscana >nloon, which will he a
splendid opportunity for someboly to go into
lmsti.e s.
TUESDAY, -May 4, 1897, at 11 o'clrcr. at sales-
room. 1171 Miss on St., near Elgtith. Sll) 000 worth
of new gi od**. see i uesd i>* morning papers.
INDIANA AIt. THIN -.OMPANY.
11. J. LELTHOLTZ, Auctioneer.
STREET ft I'RESSWELL.
Ukxeral Auction-kicks, 7*21 Howard .--treet.
Telephone Main 5.79.
££•> £?* it--*
'T A.TTE3K,S__.I_Xj'S' '
78 1 -VSS Howard Street
ltegu; Wet-kly Auction Sate
TO-MORROW,
Tuesday..... ' May 4, 1897.
At 1 1 O'ClOCk A. M.
Five lot of Horses, Mules, Wagons Buggies, Carts,
Harness, etc. Consignment and sales solicited.
A. L. CKKSHWKLiL, Lives ock Aictione.*r.
-1 day, May 17, at 8 P. M. ; companies F and
: X, Tuesday. May 18, at 8 p. m. ; the Cadet
i Company, Thursday, May 13, at 4 p. m.
- The finding of the court-martial con
vened April 5 have been published in regi
mental orders No. 6 Private Robert E.
Chiids, Company M, First Infantry, was
found guilty of neglect of duty and sen
tenced to "be dishonorably discharged
from the guard. Private Tobelman, Com
pany I, First Infantry, was found guilty
of neglect of duty and conduct prejudicial
I to good order and military discipline and
sentenced to pay a fine of $6 75 to tho
regimental paymaster and to be dishon
orably discharged. The sentence in each
case was approved by Colonel Smith.
A summary court-martial is hereby or
dered to convene at the Regimental Ar
mory, 25 Page street, on May 14, 1897, at
8:30 p. M , for the trial of such prisoners
as may be properly brought before it. De
tail for the court, Canta'in Edgar C. Sut
liffe, First Infantry, N. G. C.
On recommendation of the regimental
I examining board the following appoint
! ments and promotions are hereby made,
! with rank from April 2, 1897: Private
j George T. Phelps, Company C, to be cor
i poral, 81 per cent; Private L. W. Hun
' saker, Company C, to be corporal, 75 per
| cent; Private Thomas McGilvary, Com
! pany C, to be corporal, 75 rer cent.
Upon cation the following transfer
is hereby announced: Private Newton 8.
Kelsey, from Cadet Company to Company
G, to date from April 20, 1897.
Upon the application of the command
ing officer, Sergeant Valentine J. Fell,
Company 1. is hereby reduced to the
ran for neglect of duty.
There hay.*- been thirty-six discharges
from this regiment since the issuance of
the preceding orders. Eleven were from
Company H, all but three being on ac
count of time expired; the other three
were on account of removal. Of the > en
tire number twelve were for term expired,
five for the good of the service, seventeen
on account of removal, one exempt and
one on twn-third vote.
ln the Fifth Regiment Infantry there
bave been twenty-five discharges from the
service of the State. Twenty-one for re
moval, two for good of the service, one by
two-thirds vote and one at expiration of
term of service.
The following appointments of privates
from Company G have been announced:
8. Crandall quartermaster sergeant, C. 8.
Shafer sergeant, B. H. Henderson, C. F.
Fletter, T. M. Putzman, A. Born, J. M.
Masten, L. Cordes, V. M. Green and E. A.
Cleveland corporals.
The inspection of the companies of this
regiment will commence to-day. The
first will be Company B at San Jose
Battalion Sergeant-Major E. W. "Weeks
has been appointed regimental sergeant
major.
Third Brigade.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., April 30.— Last
night the companies of the Tnird Brigade
located in this city were out lor battalion
drill, and fully came up to the expecta
tion of their officers in company move
ment, etc. Company G turned out sixty
five strong at drill on Monday night, and
practiced the formation of street column
and setting-up exercises.
Corporal Ray has received the appoint
ment of sergeant, Sergeant J. L. Guth
first sergeant and Private Day corporal.
Sergeant William Kellogg, who for ten
years has been a member of the National
Guard of this city, has retired, and called
for his exempt and discharge papers. He
has a record of being an indefatigable
worker, and leaves the corps Wilh the beet
wishes of all his comrades. » '■- J-'-JJ
Last Sunday the com*: any held the first
sboot of the season lor the company's
i medal-. In all there will be seven com
petitions, tbo one getting the highest
average receiving the medals. Corporal
Johnson mr.de the best score. Private El
liott second and Private Kles tnird.
The signal corps is hard at work pre
paring for the great long-distance signal
line, which it is the intention of the ad
jutant-general to establish some time in
August, when all the cotp3 will be dis
tributed from one part of the State to the
other, and communicate messages from
north to south. This will be done in lien
of tbe regular encampment of former
years. They are also getting ready for an
nual inspection.
, Corporal Roblin married recently, and
the boys gave him a good send-off upon
his embarking on the matrimonial sea.
Troop B, under the efficient manage
| ment of Captain Cook, bids fair to become
I the crack corps of tne State. The captain
; is a general iavorite with all of his com
| mand; albeit, he is a strict disciplinarian,
I and in consequence gets all out of bis men
pcssible. The members of the troop are
rapidly improving in their shooting, and
the following "-cores were made at their
last shoot: Sergeants— Lee 32, Pike 44,
Banquier 32, Morrison 43; corporals—
! Kelly 44, Kreuzberger 36, Howie 44, Kane
29, Ziegler 35; Bugler Schach 40; pri
vates—Byron 46, Sullivan 44. Kirk 43, Pow
ell 41. Pollock 40, Hess 40, Hunt 38, Hack
man 34, Straiger 30, Klogg 35, Evans 21,
j Hodgkinson 20. In pool shooting Kelly
j made 42, Powell 42 Lee 37, Wallace 39,
Ho ton 39. Aine 27. All of these scores
were made with regulation pistols.
Rutherford. ,
An Arm Broken by a Bomb.
Mrs. Andrews, 613 Folsom street, wife of
John Andrews, a waiter, who had her aria
broken on Saturday a week ago by a bomb let
off on a float in the Spanish carnival as it
was passing Third and Market streets, ii anx
ious to hear from any one who witnessed the
accident. She lives at 613 Folsom street.
It is said tbat the Indian library of the
British India Office, which is now being
catalogued, will be, when finished, the
most com Die collection of Oriental liter
ature in the world. •
AMUAL SPRING SALE
__■ fe — *»— fe fe
But Harness, fori M Draft
HORSES
AND SHETLAND PONIES
From the Ranchos of J. B. Haggin Esq.,
To Take Place on
WEDNESDAY, MAY 12, 1897
AX 10 O'CLOCK A. M. , AT
SAIjESYARD,
Corner Market St. and Van Hess Aye.,
SAN FKANCISCO.
HORSES AT YARD SATURDAY, MAY BTH«
. KILL.IP & CO., !
Livestock Auctioneers,
11 Mon' gomery Street, San Pr_iici*ico, Cat
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
NKW WESTERN HOTEL.
Paul C Mustard, Chicago Ja*Wi!llatns >an!.i*i .dro
M Burns* w.SaataM ana M Jones <t w.^autaMaria
('has B new, J'aden F Adams & w, Baden
ilenryt lavs .Los Angeles It r< Whipple, Angeles
0 Stuartl, Portland \V J liarr s, Boston
J .Mmlos Wlnn-roueca 0 Wilsdii. Vernon. B C
Cl* Bean, loj Ar.glea LHi •• . fce.itile
Mr* Westphair. Wash E C Hendemn. Cut
11 D Johnson, Nev Mrs Miller, Alrg.len.Nev
A W Skindor, L* ***> Abet 1" s Woods, ili s on
palace hotel.
W B Wheeler. Chicago X C Irwin, Phlla
C J Irwin Pnlla W H Cunning ram, chics
Ur Coudory. Chicago Mia. Eel deer, Maine
Frjd llarvey, Ivans F liarvey, Mo
C .s Jones, Pmla C H Jiuddocc A d, Chica
Mi-s Parnsworth, Chicago J Jones, M Louis
I' I, Shuzn*-.-*, Chicago A X Forrest, Chicazo
1 Jo-cph. Ohio SB Vt sriuk--. Ohio
C P Moch, Ohio V (. hlverit A **, Hauersfld
Mm Forot-s, Key F E Corbelt, Nev
X II Mclntire, Mont C B Hawkins. .***■ V
C E Wardwell -N V Prof Jordan, Palo Alt
Miss N Dunne, Kas City Miss McCowau, Kas City
BALDWIN HOTEL.
G it Lewis, Mojavo P Hennessey <_ wf, Cal
U Uogle, Utah E i*. Harris. Oakland
(i S Dyer, Alvarado R L Davis, Sacto
A H vv luting, facto W F Herbert. San Mateo
E Ellis, Oakland A Lean & wf, Oakland
A,Nonle. Oakland W a Aewtou. Chicago
(1 Hunt A wf, VaMeojo Mass 8 H Earkert, Napa
L M ami ton, Cal J P Kttlng**r, N V
Mrs Castle. Victoria W H Lewis, salt Lake
M fells-man, N V Mrs Lewis, Salt Lake
X McWilliam, Portland U HDav.s. Oakland
O Goldsmith, Los Ang M Goldsmith, Los Ang
H W Lowland. Phha a Madirei, Mexico
M Abrams. Hnniord O startler Jr, San.aCrus
X L Holliday. Sta Cruz E G McPlke, Grayson
J M fcmiih, Stockton E N Ellsworth & wf,N V
COSMOPOLITAN HOTEL
0 R Carter, Verdi, Nev - E Evans, Portland
J V Baker, Portland 0 Durban* A w. Spokane
A LJackson _. w,*=an Jose O P Woodward Jr, Cal
P B Gallagher, Ireland P O'Leary, Donegal, Ire
J N Anderson, Fresno J C smith it w, Benicia
T Johns, Benicia J C Duffer, Phllllpsburg
Miss A Ki-anh, facto J Hlßutherford Stanford
C Ward, Stanford B Maibleaen, Fietsholm
Miss A Stevens, Cal Miss Cora Blanther, S J
M J Dickens, Stockton Mis* X Kemp, Seattle;
31 Hansen, vVood&lde N Gled uumden. Ogden
W Hough, Vallejo J Lacy, Los Angeles
C W Hoffman, Sacto W F Wall, Sacramento
W J Curry, Erie, Pa J Brown, Erie, Pa
Miss A Brown, Erie, Pa - S**
LICK HOUSE.
Mrs T Hussey, Buffalo Mrs J Breslln. Wash
Miss T Hussey. Buffalo W D Landers it w, Colo
S A Alexander, Fresno J Kankin, Martinez
L Russell, Saratoga G Lewis, st Louis
Mrs Anderson, San Jose WrsWßDurtee, Smrtsvle
F D Nicol, stockto.i Mrs H Durfee.Smartsville
E H Adams, Cal L A Kent, Hmartsville
rf J Davis, Sacio MrsHKPotter. Smartsvie
T M i odd. Auburn G 11 Chapman & w, Cal
H Todd, Oakland XHJohnsouAw,stockton
C R Jones, Berke.ey W J B.evln, San Jose
X T Ber.bard, Fresno C L Smith, Sacto
Mis* BeruhurJ, Fresno W C Husey, MD, Seattle
A Caminetti, Jackson T Fox, sacto
R Bsrcar. Vacavlde J Johnson A w, Utah
J T Webber, Chicago II P Taylor Jr, san Bafael
F H Taylor, san Joss T Carter, Angels Camp
: Ttt Evans, Los Angeles PH-chwarzkoff,Stanforl
J H Haskins, Stockton J W Hume Ad, San Jo*>e
>W J Swarzel, Fortuna O D Stern, Eureka
DrECKelborne, Seattle J Durfee, Smartsville
ORAND HOTEL.
R Brown Aw, San Jose C Colson Aw, San Jose
E Stacy, Minneapolis Miss Tyler. Sacto
E Powell, NY J Mi-GUI, Forest Hill
G Lange, Bells Lndg J Blotteu A w, Sacto
J Beck, Chicago X Calter, Stockton
M Dowling, Holilster W Hamilton, Hollister
J Benson, Stanford G Biaggs, Wood. and
J Budd, Sacramento M Baxter, Sacramento
M telle, Berkeley W Mead, Sonoma
H Moran, Sacramento W Young, oak and
F Hasgar. Chicago J Gardner, Los Aug
A Hchlosser, San Diego J Bacon, Boston
Mrs Adair, Oakland B spencer, Santa Itosa
P H corney, Tacoma Ml as Corney, Tacoma
F Hussey, Victoria' C Bean, Los Angeles
F Newman A w, Los An C Copenhouse, Butte
P Barber, Sta Barbara Miss Kubanks, Portland
M Hotchkiss Af, Vict Miss B Dm, Victoria
Miss M Dan*, Victoria Miss D Dair, Victoria
Miss H Dair. Victor a M Lucklnbach, Bethlem
A Lucklnbach, Bethlm J Gibson, Templeton
S Goedfisb, i ollisier J Best, Denver
Miss Hayes, Livermore A Woodmanser, Sn Mgl
X Gieunan, Los Aug Mrs Whitehall, Willows
JC Bruner, Sacramento E Dyer, Alvarado
J Van .-ciker, Sacto W Kama A Placervlle
A Mayer. Colusa J Smith A w, cal
G McMullen, Fi Bragg
Tbe Swedish bride fills her pockets with
bread, wbicb she dispenses to every one
she meets oa her way to churcb, every
piece she disposes of averting, as she be
lieves, a mis f ortune.
new to-oat:
Enhancing the beauty of womankind, causing
the weak and puny to become supple, strong and
graceful and providing the human race— the old
and young alike— with the best and most invigo-
rating of nature's health drinks,
GHIRARDELLPS
COCOA
i
i is doing Missionary work that will be of untold
service to future generations of mankind
womankind.
32 CUPS 25 CENTS
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
62*5l£EABXY»T. Established
■ In 1 384 for the treatment of Private
Diseases, Lost Manhood. Debility or
■ disease wearingou bodyand mind and
Skin Diseases. Thedoctorcureswhen
othersfall. Try him. Charges low.
l ('nreit-raarsßffed. Cull or write*.
Dr. 4. V. -.lIIBOK. Bus ltw.Saa t'ranclsc*
RW
.The most certain and safe Patn Remedy, instantly
relieves and soon cures all voids, Hoarseness, Sora
Throat, B onchltls, Congestions and Inflamma-
tions. (Uo per bottle. Hold by druggists. *
.'■..■*■ ■
78
NOTICE OF MEETINGS.
ttJS* ASTLUM OF GOLDEN GATE .=.
It---* Commandery No. 16, K. T, 625 Sut-"KB«
terst.— assembly Tills KVENING Jtv
atH o'clock: election of officers for the en* «-**?
suing Templar year; visiting fraters are V
courteously invited. •*■ Ay
C. H. .MURPHY', Kmminent Commander.
Wit T. Fonda, Recorder.
__5S* SAN FRANCISCO CHAPTER •
_»-£' Na 1, Royal Arch Masons, meets _#\_
THIS EVENING. Business and M. M. *JXjr
degree. H. O. PRINCE, secretary. /~W *
_tj^= HERMANN LODGE NO. 127 F. ■
OrZßr'. F & A _ M Stated meeting l H'*-*._^V»
AY (MONDAY) May 3. 1897, at 8 o'clock SK3T
1" M. By order oi the W. M. /■*•»>• >
L. SCHUMACHER, Secretary.
Sssty-x. FOR "AULD LANG SYNE" V ST9 >.
Ur<e f Thirty-fourth erand annual ex- 3J. \mu/2
curslon. picnic and games or St. An- %VTj?g
drew's Society, at Xl Campo, SATUR- c =£^
DAY. May 15, 1897. Round-trip tickets— Adults
60, children 25c. Boats leave Tiburon Ferry at
9:30 a. m. and Ipm.
ANDREW WILKIE PresidenL
William C. i ook, Secretary.
Cf-S' THIRTY- FIRST ANNUAL . "C 7 "Jt,
B?-—^ gathering and games of the Caie- j, uu
donlan Club of San .I- rancisco at Shell S^jkjT^jr
Mound Park. Berkeley, SATURDAY, ■*___**
•May 29. D. R. McNEILL, Chief.
James H. Duncan, Secretary.
wryg* ANNUAL MEETING— THE REGULAR
*~-^ annual meeting of stockholders of the
Hutchinson sugar Plantation Company will be
held at the oflice of the company. 327 Market St..
San 1 rancisco, Caliioru a, on TUKSDAY. the llth
day of May, 1897, at the hour of 11 o'clock a. m.,
for i.c purpose of electing a board ot dire: tors to
serve for the ensuing year and tne transaction of
such other business as may come before lne meet,
ing. Transfer books will close Friday. Aoril 30-
-at 3 o'clock p. M. K. H. SHELDoN. ecietary.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
_trs= BAY CITY TRANSFER CO., REMOVED
o£J& 244 to 3il Sutter. Trunks delievred, 25c.
*C^S= BAD TENANTS EJECTED FOR $4:
aJ£' rolle. tons made: city or country. Pacific
collection Co.. 415 Montgy r:.. room 6: tel. 5680.
SITUATIONS WANTED— FKMAI.R
SWEDISH UPSTAIRS GIRL: FIRST-(
O waitress and seamstress: 3 years IB last place.
MRS. NORTON, 315 Sutter
T? IRST-CLASS Gl* RMAN SECOND GIRL DE-
X sires situation; good seamstress. MISS CUL-
LEN", 323 Suiter sb
C~~\ R. H .NSEN & CO., 110 GEARV ST.,
I. furnishes first-cla-ss hotel help; telephone
Grant 185.
ELDERLY WIDOW, PROTESTANT, INFANT
nurse or care invalid, temperate and
reliable, or light housekeeping in widower's house
where there ar-" no half-grown children: good plain
cook; good butter-maker; references; city or
country. Address Advertiser, box 135, San Mateo;
will be at address 1 week.
\*KAT, INDUSTRIOUS AND OBLIGING
_.\ young lady desires position as stenographer
and typewriter, or will assist with accounts; best |
of leterences from practical experience; salary J
$6 per week. Address L. A., box 23. Call Office, j
T'OUNG WOMAN WANTS A POSITION FOR j
JL housework; isa good cook; city or country: ]
good reference. Please call or address for 2 days
70 CI pperst.. BeL Twenty-fifth and Twenty-sixth.
•yOUNG STRONG GERMAN* WOMAN
X wants work by the day washing. Ironing,
hoasecleaning, $1 and car fare. Call or address
673 Minna sl, near Seveu.h.
EASTERN" WIDOW, _J_TE OF FIFTH ST.,
would like position as housekeeper. 209 Ed iy
St., room 12.
yOUNfi LADY (STRANGER) DESIRES
X housekeeper's place in gentleman's home.
Room 1, 17 Grant aye., near Market st.
IX* ANTED-BY AN AMERICAN WOMAN.
TT any kind of work by the da/; references.
Address 136 sixth st.
"V'OUNG GIRLWISHKS SITUATION TO AS-
X sist with housework. Apply 1003 Twenty-
third st., cor. Noe.
ELDERLY' LADY WISHES SITUATION;
city or country; light housework; moderate
wages. 216 Minna sL
SITUATION* WANTED BY* COMPETENT
0 girl; housework and cooking. 1610 Baker SL,
bet. Bush and Pine.
SWEDISH GIRL; F-ytST-CLASS COOK, OR
. would do housework in small American
family; references; 5 years last place. 422 Capp.
-1 /'7 NINTH BRANCH OFFICE OF
Jul i ii_ Call; subscriptloa and want ada
taken.
FAMILY WASHING DONE VERY CHEAP
by first-class laundress. 1027 Market sL, top
floor.
RESPECTABLE YOUNG WOMAN WISHES
Xt situation to do second or general housework;
good ivan 's nurse. Address 118 Eddy st.
DRKSSMAKING SATISFACTORILY DONE
by an experienced French lady at home or in
family. 1032 Mission sL
TXrOMAN WANTS WORK BY THE DAY';
TT tirst-clasi launareis, il a day and car fare.
Call or address 7 Van Ness :»v.
"V'OUNG lady' wants POSITION AS T V l'K-
X writer or copyisL Call 838 Mission, room 2,
QOni MISSION, ROOM I— POSITION* AS
tJtj\J-£ housekeeper or nurse.
SWEDISH GIRL DE-IRES PLACE TO DO
O general hsus*>work or second work. Address
314 Jessie St., m-ar 1-ourth.
KELIaBLE MIDDLE-AOKD LADY' DESIRES
J I employment few hours a day: good reader; no
trlflers. MRS. B , 128 Turk st.
-f-j-j* r LARKIN— BRANCH OFFICE OF THE
Ul CALL. Subscriptions and want ads taken.
"V'OUNG GERMAN girl wants situa-
X t on for general housework: wages $18 lo $20;
or would like to wor^ i i a laundry. Address 33
Dorland sL, near Guerrero, beL Seventeenth and
Eighteenth.
"V'"UNG WIDOW WOULD LIKE A HOUSE-
X keeper's position. Apply 121 Montgomery, r. 8.
SITUATION WANTED IN* PRIVATE BOARD-
ing-house as cook or general housework; in
city or country: good reference. Call 1912 Stelner
el, beL Bush and Pine.
"VrOUNO GIRL WISHES SITUATION TO DO
X huusework and plain cooking. Call at 142^2
Clara sl, beL Fourth and Fif h.
MEBICAN WOMAN WISHES TO DO
AMERICAN WOMAN WISHES TO DO
washing, Ironing and housecleaning; $1 a day
and car fare. 731 Folsom.
WIDOW WANTS GENTLEMEN'S PLAIN
TT washing: no extra charge :or mending. 222
Edd. , room 2.
ELIABLK YOUNG GERMAN WOMAN
wishes situation for light housework or up-
a airs work and care of ch.liren. Please ca'.l Mon-
day, 435 Ivy aye., bet Hayes and Grove sts.
LADY, QUIET AND INDUSTRIOUS, WANTS
position as housekeeper or any position of
trust; care invalid or elderly couple; teach chil-
dren English, French, sowing; terms moderate.
Lox 32, Call Branch Office, 339 Hayes st.
I ADY EXPERIENCED IN HOUSEKEEP
A J ing desires a position in city or country. 1007
Market st . room 7.
P>EL.ABLE WOMAN WISHES SITUATION:
t good cook; light housewoik; plain washing;
kind to children; moderate wages; city or short
distance in country. 27"/2 Fourth St., over florist.
YOUNG FRENCH WIDOW, AMIABLE AND
accomplished, wants position as housekeeper;
bachelor or widower's home; city or oouutry
Room 2, 120Va Geary sl
AMERICAN LADY OF 28 WISHES Posi-
tion as working housekeeper in widower's
home, core of cnildren; refined home more than
wa»e-i. H., box 20, Call.
YOUNG LADY WANTS POSITION FOR
A second work; best of references; wages $-0.
716 o'l-anell st.
OUNG AND ATTRACTIVE GERMAN GIRL
desires to secure a hous-keeper's position in
hotel; widower's or bachelor's home preferred.
223 Post St., room 11. second floor.
ANTED - POSITION AS GOVERNESS
TT duringthe summer months by a Stanfoid stu-
dent. Addr ss M. H., Stanford University.
SW COR. SIXTEENTH -1., NEAR MIS
sion; branch office of liii Call. buo-
-*>< Options and want ads taken.
ACCOMPLISHED AND REFINED YOUNG
_*_. lady (French) wants a housekeeper's place;
would like place as companion. Room 3, 223 Post.
i
TXT ANTED— BY A YOUNG IARI-lAN LADy
TT (straiiiter) a housekeeper s position in a gen-
tleman's home. 122 Post St., rooms 10 and 11.
"yoUNG LADY FROM THE COUNTRY
X would ike a situation as housekeeper fora gen*
tleman. Call 223 Post st, room 17, third flcor.
yOU.M! WIDOW WI>HEB POSITION AS
X housekeeper in bachelor's or wiuower's home.
Room 1, lots Fourth st. - *.:>'. ,*.
PositioN"by"y~U.Vg An gas_ll_r
or assistant in doctor's or dentist's office, or pho-
tograph gallery: best of references. Address S. F.,
box 131, Call Oflice
CtOMPETENT AND EXPERIENCED YOUNG
/ lady di sires position as typewriter or compan-
ion. Rooms 3 and 4, 309 suiter st.
WIDOW FROM COUNTRY WISHES A POSI-
TT Hon as housekeeper for widower or bachelor;
will do mending. Call after 12, 120 Ellis sl, room
17. see md floor.
"yOUNG LADY (PARISIAN) IN REDUCED
X circumstances would like paying housekeeper's
place; hotel, bachelor's or widower's home pre-
ferred. 1122 Market st., room 31.
SITUATIONS WANTED MALE.
C HINESE <fc JAPANESE; EST'D 20 YEARS:
help:tel.maln 1997. BRADLEY A C0..b40 Clay
CR. HANSEN* A CO., 110 GEARY ST FUR-
. nish tlrst-class hotel help; te . Grant 185
HUNTER <fc CO.. CHINESE AND JAPANESE
employment office, moved to bl4Va Califor-
nia sl, rear Kearny. Tel. main 231.
•T-HINESK AND JAPANESE EMPLOYMENT
V oflice: best help. 414*^ O'Farrell. Tel. E. 426.
TAPAN_.SE. CHINESE KM YMT OFFICE:
J waiters, bousecleaners. 30 Geary: teL Grant 66
O ACH MAN, 10 YEARS EXPERIENCE;
Kj thoroughly competent; Al horseman; good
gardener: strictly bOber; ci y and Kastern refer-
ences: single. Address N. P. .NELSON, care of F.
M. WILSON, Berkeley.
SITUATION WANTED A* MAN ABOUT
place: thoroughly experienced in care aud
driving borses: good plain gardener; can milk:
handy with tools: best of references. Address
A. B." box 160, Call < ffice. : ;"; ;
HAVING HAD EXPERIENCE AT CITY
drum!— Tng and collecting I desire a situation;
best of references: acquainted with grocers aud
bakers; can give bond. H. H., box 89, Call Office.
BAKER FOREMAN (GERMAN), FlRST-
class on bread and ca es, wishes situation;
would work with the boss too. Address 19 Zoe sL,
near Eourth. •
"YOUNG ''AN WANTS A POSITION TO
X n use an invalid, or as traveling companion;
can speak trench, panish and English. Write to
A. N. V.. Lorin, Berkeley, Cal.
yOL'XU MAN, STRANKER HERE, CAPA-
X ble aud willing, wants employment: will
tackle anything: first- rate refs. T 0.M., box 3*.Call.
/-> ood gardener; UNDERSTANDS HAND-
VJ ling horses, good driver, good milker, desires
situation private residence; 7 years' references.
F. li , box 97. Call.
BAKER (GERMAN), GOOD ON VIENNA
bread i.nd roils and cake; lately from the East,
wants steady place. MKINsER, 39 Market sL
ll A.NTr.D— BY FIRS 1 -CLASS PHOTOG-
• I rapher of loug experience, position as opera-
tor or printer, or will take entiie charge gallery.
Address Photographer, box 10j, Call Offije.
l> ELIABLE YOUNG MAN WISHES P'SI
XI tion as grocery clerk: 6 years' experience;
.Terence; will start ou small salary, H. K. J.,
2971 11 iward st. &S£l§£
nr ANTED— A RELIABLE COUPLE, SlT-
tt uatiou in privaie family or summer resort:
houeit and trustworthy. Address c. 8., 120
seventh st.
TXT ANTED-BY AN EXPERIENCED BOOK-
tT keeper, a set of books to keep after 5 p. *_.
Address B. W., box 128, Call Office.
yOU.SG MAN WISHES A POSITION AS
X bookkeeper or stenographer: wages moderate;
reference. a ddress C M, box 143. Call Office.
yoUNG MAN, 16. 2 YEARS' EXPERIENCE
X as sis writer, wishes a chance to finish his
trade. Address or call J. J. NICHOLSON, 2943
Miss. on sl
I' ] ~ LARKIN-BRANCH OFFICE OF THE
Uli) CALL: subscriptions and want ads taken.
JAPANESE WANTS TO DO ANY KIND OF
work, 9 a. M to 3 p. if.; good reference.
UEORGE, 1002 PolksL
SUBSCRIPTION'S AND W ANT ADS FOR THE
O Call laken at brancn o_tc<_ 33'j Hayes aL;
open until 9 :3d o'clock.
JANITOR WITH EXPERIENCE WANTS A
position: can give good city references. Ad-
dress J. G. L., 364 East Twelfth St., Oakland.
MAN AND WIFE NEW ENGLAND PEO-
ple, private place; man understands care of
cattle, horses and grounds, general work: wife
competent housekeeper, cook or second work; city
or country. Address J., box 64, Call Office. >
MIDDLE-AGED MAN, WHO UNDERSTANDS
general farming, gardening, orchard-work and
raising of poultry, wants situation on country place
or rauch. Address A. BERGER, Blenheim P. 0.,
san Mateo Co.. Ca'.
SOBER, STEADY YOUNG MAN WANTS Po-
sition where he can learn tinsmithing and gen-
eral jobwork: best reference, s. R., box 30, Call.
yoU.NG MAN Wl-HKS POSITION" AS WAIT-
X er in restaurant: sober and faithful. Address
MR ELLIs, 1664 Nineteenth aye.. East Oakland.
MAN AND WIFE DESIRE SITUATION ON"
ranch, wife as cook and man general farm-
hand. Address J. G. P., 138 Eighth st.
EXPERIENCED HOTEL CLERK. YOUNG
man, wants position: highest Ca. ifornia refer-
ences: first-clas house only. A. G.. box 65, Call.
JAPANESE FIRST-CLASS COOK WISHES
position to work: will do general housework.
Address K. V., 758 Castro sL, Oakland,
yOUXG MAN WISHKSSIIUATION IN COM-
X mercial house; wages no objecL Address
91*81,4 Howard st.
•£•1 C LARKIN-BRANCH OFFICE OF THE
01-iJ CALL. Subscriptions and want ads taken.
BY A GKRMAN, GENERALLY USEFUL;
understands gardening, care of horses, driv-
ing, milking; city reierei ces: moderate wages.
P. M.. 674 Sixteenth St., Easi Oakland.
BRANCH OFFICE OF THECAL!., 167 NINTH
at — Want ads and Mib.stiiptions taken.
Y\* INCHESTER HOUSE 44 THIRD ST.. NR.
TT Market: 200 rooms *.5c to $150 per night;
$1-50 to $6 per week; convenient and respectable;
free bus and bai gave 10 anl from ite lerry. *
FEMALE HELP WANTED.
lir ANTED— LAUNDRESS, DO SOME CHAM-
tt berwork. $25. for a short distance; French
lady's maid. $30: French nurse, $23; French sec-
ond girls, $20: Herman second girl, $20: jwaltross
and chambermaid, country hotel, $20; French
< ook, $35; driver for laundry, $25; German nurse.
$25: 4 chambermaids, assist waiting one ,'nieal,
$15; neat Protestant girl for housework, short dis-
tance in country, $25; a number of cooks, house-
work, servants for families in city 100 numerous
to advertise, at $15, $20 and $25. App y early to
J. V. CROSETT A CO., 316 Sutter SL
(**■ ERMAN SEAMSTRESS AND SECOND
T glri, $25: Trench governess, $20; 2 Infant
nurses, $25 and $20. Mis • CULLEN. 323 Sutter.
T. BENCH OR GKRMAN COOK, $35. MISS
J CULLEN, 323 Sutter st.
HEAD WAITRESS, $22 50. MISS CULLEN,
323 sutterst.
COOK, $35: SECOND GIRL, $25; NURSE, $20;
J MISS CULLEN. 323 Sutter st.
HOUSEWORK GIRL EUREKA $25, OAK-
dale $25, Modesto $25, San Jose, $25: 20
housework gir's, city, $25 and $20; 10 youn*.- girls,
assist, $10 to $15. MISS CULLEN. 323 sutter.
HAMBERMAID AND WAITRESS VAL-
C-H.AMBER.MAIU AND WAITRESS VAL-
, lejo. $20: 2 waitresses and chambermaids, city,
$.0 each. MISS CULLKN, 324 "-sutler st.
"WOMAN WHH A CHILD AS HOUSE-
TT keeper; $12; country. MISS CULLEN, 323
Sutter sl
IRL TO DO CHAMBKRWORK. MINING
town. $16. MISS CULLEN, 323 Sutter st.
COOK, AMERICAN FAMILY, $30. MISS
_ CULLEN, 323 Sutters*.
COOK. BOARDING-HOUSE; $30. MISS
CULLEN, 323 sutter st.
MAID: $25. MISS CULLEN, 323 SUTTER
s'.reet.
E' OND GIRL AND WASH; $25 TO $30.
MISS CULLEN, 323 Sutter st.
WANTED — WAITRESS AND PARLOR
maid, country. $25: first class cook, $30:
French or German nurse, $:5; French girl for
housework, country, $25: French or German,
country, $35; French maid, $30; second work,
$16. LEON ANDRE, 208 Stockton sl
WEDISH HOUSEGIRL, TWO IN FAMILY,
O $25; German houseglrl. *p25 : middle-aged
woman for fruit ranch, *2.i, see party ere; cook,
Santa Rosa. $25; middle-aged woman, shirt dis-
tance in country, $20; touseglrl, Berkeley, »25.
4 house-, iris, city. $20; 4 gins to assis*. $12; cook,
$30. MRS. G. NORTON, 315 Sutler st.
HEAD WAITRESS, HOIEL CITY, $22 60;
2 waitresses, same hotel, city, JO; 2 chamber-
maids nd wait 1 meal, $20. C. R. HANSEN A
Co,, 110 Geary st.
a WAITRESSES FOR COUNTRY hotel--,
_ $20; 3 chambermaids and wait 1 meal, ho: el,
country, $'.0i » waitresses, hotel, city. $20. C.R.
HANSEN & C > 110 Geary sL
3 YOUNG OIRLS TO TAKE CARE OF CHIL-
*" dren and asslsL MR.-. LAMBERT, 417
Powell st.
SWEDISH OR GERMAN GIRL FOR DA-
frota, $16. MRS. LAMBERT, 417 PowolL
GERMAN GIRL, 2 IN FAMILY, ALAMEDA,
VJ $18. mrs. Lambert, 417 Powell st.
GERMAN HOUSEKEEPER, ALAMEDA, $20.
MRS. LAMBERT, 417 Powell SL ■ •
IRLS OF ALL NATIONAL. TIES TO FILL
various positions from $15 to $30. MRS.
LAMBKRT, moved to 4 I 7 Powell st., near f-utter.
n WAITRESSES, SAME HOTr.L, SHORT
— distance from city, $.0; wattr-sses, diffeient
country bote, $20 each. MURRAY A REaDY
Leading Employment Agents, 634 and 636 Clay.'
ANTED— COOKS, CHAMBERMAIDS,
nursegirls, girls for housework. MRS. HIRD
721 Ellis sl
tic i J i.- MISSION bT.— BRANCH OFFICE OF
_•_•_.'> 'Hue Call; subscription* aud waut ads
taken.* 'Jyf^yA
W ANTED— A STRONG, RESPECTABLE
TT German liril general housework and cooking.
1800 L«. Una st.. call 9 to 12.
ANTED— MIDDLE-AGED WOMAN FOR
light housework; wages $5. 3430b Sixteenth
St., near Sanchez. - , ..^, t _.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, MAY 3, 1897.
HELP WANTED— Continued.
•pIRL, DEVISAPERO ST., $15; GIRL, FAIR
IXOakssL; girl, Turk sL, $15; girl. McAllister
St., $15: girl, Van Ness. $15; girl, Buchanan sl,
$15; girl for art gallery, $15; girl, Livermore, $15;
gin, * Gilroy, $15; housekeeper: nursegirl. $12;
second girl, $15; girl. Kills sl, $15: girl. Potrero,
$15; girl, Fell st., $16: girl, Washington s*., $16;
girl,. Santa Crust. $15: chambermaid, $10: girl,
SuttersL, $15: girl. Eddyst., $15: girl, -Oakland,
$J5; girl, Howard sL. $15; girl Golden Gate aye.,
$15: giri, sieiner st., $15: girl, Scott St.. $15; girl,
learn oressmaKlng. MARTIN & CO., 749 Mar-et.
Moth'-r and DAUGHTER AGED 13 AS
small restaurant cook and helper. MARTIN
A CO., 749 Market st.
MAN AND WIEE, COOK AND WAITRESS,
small restaurant, $35 and room. MARTIN
A CU, 749 Market st.
CHAMBERMAID AND WAIT SOME. $20
\J and room: also waitress same house, $20 and
room. MARTIN A CO., 749 Market.
WAITRESS AND ACT AS HEAD WAIT-
T T ress, $22 50 aud room. MARTIN A CO., 749
Market st.
3 WAITRESSES, SMALL PLACES, $12 AND
O room. MARTIN A CO, 749 Market st
3 WAITRESSES, same, HOTEL, $20 and
room, city. MARTIN A CO.. 749 Market st.
GIRLS FOR BOX FACTORY'; EXPERI-
VJ enced. MARTIN A CO., 749 Market st.
i.) WAITRESSES. same HOTEL. $»6, ROOM.
_- eta Call early, MARTIN A CO., 749 Market.
COOK. $30 AND RJOM CALL EARLY,
MAR ."IN & Co.. 749 Market st.
6 WAITRESSES, CITY. $15 AND ROOM.
Call early. MARTIN A CO., 749 Market st.
TIT AITRESS, AMAD 'R COUNTY, $20 AND
TT room. MARTIN A CO., 749 Market sL
Ur AITRESSES,S4 A WEEK. MARTIN A CO.,
749 Market
XX' AITRESS NICE COUNT. tY HOTEL, $20
TT and room. MARTIN & CO., 749 Market.
CHAMBERMAID AND WAIT SOME, CITY,
J $20 and room. MARTIN A CO., 749 Market.
*f WAITRESSES, COUNTRY, SAME house;
— $20 and room. MARTIN A CO, 749 MyrkeL
LUNCH AND DI ncr waitress; 8 LUNCH
waitresses. MARTIN A Co., 749 Maiket SL
CIH AMBEKMAID AND WAIT ONR MEAL:
I $15 and room. MARTIN A CO., 749 MarkeL
WAITRESSES, CITY; NICE RESTAURANT;
TT $6. call early. MARTIN dt CO., 749 Market.
WAITRESS, SMALL RESTAURANT, $20.
tt MARTIN" & CO., 749 Markets*.
TRONERS CITY LAUNDRY. MARTIN" A CO.,
X 749 Market sL
IRONER, $35, COUNTRY. MARTIN A CO.,
J 749 Market SL
TO" AITRESS 11 TO 7:30, $3 50 A WEEK;
TT waitress, 12 to 1, 26c; dishwasher, $3 a week.
648 Fourth st.
MT ANTED— COAT FINISHERS; CUSTOM
tt made coats; understand buttonholes. i-'._
Harriet st.
PANTS FINISHER WANTED; GOOD
wages; steady work. Apnly 517 Jessie sl
1. IR-sT-CLASS COAT FINISHER. 775 MAR-
J ket st.
J MARKET ST.-BRANCH OFFICK OF THE
_. Call: want ads and subscriptions taken.
TV" ANTED— GIRL FOR GENERAL HOUSE-
TT work and washing; wages $15. 2824 How-
ard SL
I'XPERIENCED1 'XPERIENCED APPRENTICES ON CUS-
'j tom coats. 668 Minna St., beL Sixth and
Seventh. "• : : *1
WANTED — GOOD GIRL FOR GENERAL
TT housework; must b*> a good plain cook. 3978
Nineteenth st. ; Castro cars.
WANTED— WOMAN FOR LIGHT HOUSE-
IT work. 1616 Green, bet. Oough and Franklin.
A MARKET ST.— BRANCH OFFICE OF THE
■"1 Call: want ads and snbscriptions taken.
GIRL TO ASSIST IN HOUSEWORK; WAGES
$10. 720 Fourteenth St., near MarkeL
W ANTED-GOOD PANTS FINISHER AT
IT 373 Natoma sL
/'OOD STEADY FINISHERS ON PANTS;
V" also young operator. 560 Fourth St.
GIRL ASSIST LIGHT HOUSEWORK: 2 IN
Jl family. 214 Second aye , Richmond. •
"YTOUNG GIRL TO WAIT AT TABLE. 136
X conJ sl
TAILOR 1 - SS APPRENTICE FOR COATS;
paid while learning. H. DAVIS. 534 Jessie.
L-iNISHER-s WANTED ON CUsTOM PANTS.
X 923y 2 Folsom st
VEAT YOUNG GIRL. SECOND WORK: $20;
Xi references. Apply 9to 12, 2111 Jackson st.
APPRENTICE WANTKD ON CUSTOM
coats: paid while learning. 823 Geary st.
C HAMBERMAID, $20: GIRL FOR HOUSE-
Ks work, no washing, $20, call early. 721 Kills.
9 PANTS FINISHERS; STEADY WORK. 206
— Minna st.
XV ANT FLENCH COOK; GENERAL HOUSE-'
TT work: no washing; 3in lamily. Apply 611
Hyde at., beiween 9 and 10 a. v
TO* ANTED— BY GERMAN COUPLE, LADY
TT as housekeeper and man to work around
place; city Or country: hotel or priva;e place:
best of reference. Address or call 22 Bernard st
YVANTED— PUPILS FOR MILLINERY
TT school: course practical; . lass is now forming
for spring work: satisfaction guaranteed; evening
classes. 221/2 Ueaay St.. or 410 Leavenworth St.
('A C LARKIN-BRANCH OFFICE OP THE
UX'-J Call: subscriptions and tf ant ads. taken.
IP LYNN'S DRESS-MAKING AND CUTTING
Academy. 14 McAllister sL $1 a week.
BEST AND QUICKEST PLACE ON EARTH
to learn dreismaking and millinery; patterns
25c: call and see our mammoth institution. MC-
DOWELL'S. 103 Post St.
Girl, McAllister st., $20. martin a
CO., 719 Market st.
SF. DRESS-CUTTING O'L— FRENCH
. tailoring taught; $1 week. 916 Market, r. 54.
MOST CONVENIENT AND RESPECTABLK;
iri Winchester House, 44 Third sl, near Market;
201) rooms; 26c to $1 60 per night; $1 60 to .-pi
per week: free 'ous and baggage to and trom ferry.
('A C LARKIN- branch OFFICE of THE
''I-J CAI L. Pubscrlntlons and want ads taken.
MALE HELP WANTED.
WANTED— RANCH BLACKSMITH, $36 AND
found; wood-turner and machine man, 30c to
3c an hour: blacksmith, $50: blacksmith's
helper, $4>: bee-man 10 • Nevada, $25, fare re-
funded: carriage painter, $3 a day: creamery
butler-mak r, $.55; laborers, $176 aday: wood-
choppers 70c, $1 aud $1 25 a cord: cooks, wallers
and others. Apply to J. F. CBOSETT A CO., 618
Sacramen, o st.
VEGETABLE AND YA RDMAN, $25; HOTEL
porier and runner, $25; restaurant porter,
$20. waier, small place, $18 and room* young
man as botel clerk. $15 10 $20, etc.: waiter. $7 a
week and act as head; young man as secoud cook,
$7 a week. MARTI.-. & CO.. 749 Market st.
COOK, $30 AND ROOM, COUNTRY; COOK,
city, $35, small place;, cock, $8 a week; 3
lunch waiters; dishwasher, $5 a week; dish-
washer. $6 a week: 3 dishwashers, $10, room,
etc.: waiter, $20 and room: cook, $10 a week.
MARTIN <fc CO., 749 Markei St.. /
GIRL, MCALLISTER ST., $20: GIRL, BROAD-
IjT way, $20 girl, Oakland. $20: girl, 3 in iamlly,
Alameda, $-5 girl, Stanislaus County, $*-:5 to
$30: girl. Pacific, st., $20; girl, Scott St., $20.
MARTIN A CO., 749 Market st.
RANCH HAND, $17 60 PER MONTH;
XX* r. . in hand, .*-o;.> month; ranch band. $12
per mouth; young man, cnicken ranch, $10,
MAi. TIN A CO., 749 Market sL
COLORED WAITER, $25 AND ROOM; COIr
■' ored bellboy, $10 und room. MARTIN A
CO., 749 Market sL -r.y)
MINING FOREMAN, INGERSOLL <_ BL'R-
leigh drils: see party 10 a m. MARTIN _.
CO., 749 Market st. JJJJ-
AN AND WIFE AS COOK AND WAlT-
ress, $35 and room; cal early. MART.N a
CO., 749 Market st.
ROUND ROOM WORKER IN FAC-
tory. MARTIN A CO., 749 Market st.
CARRIAGE RUCK-- AND WOOD-
worker. MAR IN & Co., 749 Market sL
IRON ER FOR LAUNDRY; ALSO WASHER.
MARTIN A CO., 749 Market s.. /.•,.*, :.- \r r. ■-
AN FOR PRIVATE PLACE: $15. MARTIN
dr. CO., 749 Market st. Ayy-.
(.yr LABORERS: CITY. MARTIN A CO.. 749
_.«) Market nt.
OY - FOR BAKERY': BOY TO WASH
BOY FOR B-.KKRY. BOY TO WASH
dishes MARTIN A CO., 749 Market sL .
JAPANESE COOK, $40 AND ROOM. MAR-
TIN A CO, 749 Market st.
JAPANESE AS CLEANER. $15, BOA
room, etc. MARTIN & CO, 749 Marke". St.
MILKER, SMALL DAIRY. MARTINA CO..
749 Markets:. - r
SAWMILL ENGINEER, $60ft60 AND BOARL;
barkeeper. $20 and iound: bed maker and por-
ter, $15 and found; 2 vineyard hands, $16; farmer
and wife, on shares; 2 dishwashers, f 16; chore-
man, $16: cook for few men, 910. - R. T. WARD
A CO., 608 and 610 Clay st.
HELP WANTED— Contfnn-»*T.
CAMP WAITER, "120 AND FOUND; CALL
to-day, Sunday. 10 o'clock. MURRAY A
READY. 634 Clay SL
("".A TEAMSTERS TO BUILD A LARGE
OKI canal for a bank company. MURRAY A
READY, 634 and 636 Clay st. .'■ . _ . y r . i
A X FARMER-*, ORCHARD AND VINEY*
rXO bands: cooper to make lime barrels. MUR-
RAY A READY. 634 aad 636 Clay st
1 A MILKERS, CITY AND COUNTRY, $26
TV/ and $20: cheesemaker. $30; butter-maker,
$30 MURRAY A READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
IjIOREMAN FOR A VINEYARD, $35 AND
X 1 fouud: 3 chorebovs for orchard and vineyard,
MURRAY A READY, 634 and 636 Clay st ~
QA, DRILLERS IN ROCK*. 3 CURB CUTTERS;
O\J machinist, $2 75 day. MURRAY A READY,
634 and 636 Clay st.
L' COOKS, DIFFERENT PLACES; 4 WAIT-
I > era: 3 ■Tshwashers: cook and wife. MURRAY
A READY, 634 and 636 lay St. , -
ttl\ LABORERS AND TEAMSTERS, CITY
-"O work. MURRAY' A READY, 634 ana 636
Clay st.
WANTED— BUTTEi -MAKr.R AND INDOOR
xalesman for dairy depot, must have best refer-
ences, $3; and fou id; 10 farmhands lor different
bay counties, $15, $20 and $25: vegetable man
for city restaurant, *25: vegetable man country
hotel, $15; blacksmith's helper, country shop, $2
a day; blacksmith's helper for rancb, $26 a month
and found; young German for saloon, must have
some knowledge or cooking, $26 and found: dish-
washer, $16; neat man to cook lor 4 men near city,
$10 and raise to $25; 2 milkers, Sonoma County,
»25. also haymakers, teamsters, cooks, waiters,
dishwashers, etc. XV. D. EWER A CO., 626 Clay.
XX' ANTED — GOOD MAN* TO RENT COUN-
TT try blacksmith- shop; splendid chance for
first-ciass mini. All particulars furnished by W.
D. EWER A CO., 626 Clay St.
TV r D— FIRST-CLASS BUTTERMAKER
TT for city*, must have first-class references $30,
board and room. Apply in person only, XV. D.
EWER A CO., 626 Ciay st.
E ANC II BLACKSMI i H. $30: BLACKSMITH
for a ranch, $1 50 a day and found; butter and
i neesemaker, country ; horseshoer, country shop,
$2 50 aday: 6 farmers, different ranches. $20: 4
farmers, $15: 6 laborers for a quarry, $1 75 a day.
C. It. HA ..-.EN A CO., 110 Geary sl.
SECOND COOK. COUNTRY HOTEL. $60 AND
ij fare advanced; second cook, country hotel,
$35; iter, country hotel, $30: waiter, country
restaurant $30; Danish waiter, country, $6 a
week: man to help in bakery, $20. C. tt, HAN-
SEN A i o, 110 Geary st.
PASTRY" COOK, $50: COUNTRY. HOTEL
GAZETTE, 420 Kearny st
I'LDERLY1 'LDERLY MAN OF DECENT APPEAR-
-ance, Intelligent, and who can converse well In
the Engil language; will pay $15 per month and
meals; state i.cc, previous occupation, eta Ad-
dress steads- Position, box 48, Call Office.
WANTED— STEADY MAN IN WELL-PAY-
•T ing business; small capital; cheap renu 223
Fourth st.
STEADY MAN FOR -"COUNTRY* POSITION;
must have $5. expense money. Room 2, 9
Geary st
BOY IN TEMPERANCE GROCERY'; STATE
age, experience ana salary expected. Address
T. 8., box 91, Call.
RESSER ON PANTS; $8 TO $10 PER WEEK.
560 Fourth st.| J'-J'r
STRONG BOY TO RUN ERRANDS: $3 PER
week. 560 Fourth st
LUNCH WAITER WANTED AT 33 SECOND
st.: o. K. saloon.
YOUNG MAN AS WAITER. 29 FOURTH
A street yry .::•.;■.
BOY WANTED. 830 KEARNY ST., BET.
Pine and Bush.
I Orili- MISSION — -SUBSCRIPTION**! Aitki
_-<J_-U want ads taken for THE CALL.
BOY WANTED AT 22*4 GEARY ST., room
19, not before 9 a. tt.
•DAUBER WANTED. 32 THIRD ST.
BRIGHT ERRAND BOY. CALL 8 TO 10,
119 Leavenworth st
AX' ANTED — CARRIAGE PAINTER. 715
T" Foi com st.
TAILORS FOR SEAT ROOM. 803 MONT-
gomery St., room 6; convenient Dlace.
rPAILOR WANTED AT OTTO KAISER'S BA-
_ . loon, cor. Greenwich and Raker sis.
STEADY BUSHELMAN" WANTED. IN-
qulre at 41 6 McAlli-.it r St., flat 1.
L IRST-CLASS WAITER wanted. 629 CAL-
J norma st
I/*; 7 NINTH ST. —BRANCH OFFICE OF
IUI This call; subscriptiou and want ada
taken.
W ANTED— STEADY, RELIABLE MAN TO
»' collect and take charge of branch office: must
he satisfid with $18 a we-k and have «150 cash.
724i 2 Marketst.. room 17.
VEAT 2-CHAIR SHOP FOR SALE: WEST-
1> crn Addition. C. W., box 78. Call Office.
BARBERS— FOR EMPLOYMEN 1 CALL SEC
A> P. C. Barbers' Assn. S. FUCHS, 325 Grantave.
JOURNEYMEN 1 ;.. i.„.> *... PLOYM__»*
•secretary .11. BERNARD. 102 .-evenin sl
"C*- IRST-CLASS TAILORS ON LADIFS' CLOTH
— coats and suits: apply Immediately. IL
LIEBES A CO., 13.-.-135 Pas sL
BARBER WANTED TO BLY Al BARBER'
hop and baths at bargain. Informs. by
TANNER, 30 Turk st , saloon.
1 "lIRST-CLASS LADIES' TAILOR WANTED.
T VERDIER, 944 Geary st Ba-*BW
AGENTS WITH $1 60 CAN MAKE $2 50 TO
»4 per day. Call a. C. FIsIIER, 241 Natoma.
FOR GOOD REPAIRING CA I.L AT CENTRAL
J Repaliing shocshop, 1534 Market st , bet Lar-
kin and City Hall ave..0r749 Mission si.; large
stock of new and second-hand shoes on sale; shoes
made to order, any siyio, $3 ua
ANTED— BY SPANISH LADY, 2 OR MORE
TT gentlemen to rent sunny rooms at 76c a week
up. 217 second sL
WANTED— FIRST-CLASS COATMAKER;
» ' steady work. Room 123, Phelan building.
QQQ HAVES— BRANCH office of the
000 call: subscriptions and want ads taken.
Ir-OR SALE— A 3-CHAIR HOTEL BARBER.
-i ' shop. Address JOHN PRECHEL, Santa Bar-
bara, Cal.
OAT, VEST AND PANTS MAKERS WANT-
! cd. Apply at 11 am. at sievenson st. en-
trance to A RLE. -4 LYONS', London Tailor, 721
Market st
T-iIRMCLASS BARBERS FURNISHED BY
J? International Union Free Employment Bureau,
34 Fourth at., ihe Modern. I. LESS, secretary.
->«!(! HAVES _fj -BRANCH OFFIOK OF
000 luk Call; auMcriptloas and want ads
taken.
LADIES' SOLING, 36c: MEN'S SOLING, 60c;
fine shoes made $2 up. 662 Mission st f
>h.*|i| pair ANOTHER LOT MEN'S SHOES,
jL\I\J\J been damaged by water, at less than One-
fourth their value. from 75c up to $2 60. 662
Mission st., bet. Fiist and second.
SW. COR. SIXTEEN ST., EMISSION:
• branch cffice of 'luk Call, bubscriptlona and
want ads taken. ~^fi*^i
WANTED— MEN TO LEARN BARBER
TT trade; shops, tools, - positions fnrn Ished; 8
weeks required. 8. F. Barber College, 138 1/2 Eighth,
Ho HOC -•-., M3i/ a market ST.— *-•-«__*
- 20c. 25c 10 5Uc tilcht. $1 10 $2 week. .
rii*7 aiciNToujiKrV »!.. BRANCH OFFICE
• '_. i -.iiil*. Call, v. aui ads MMI suuicrlp
taken.
rpHE ROSEDALE 321 ELLIS— CHEAPEST
- and best lodging-bouse north of Market st
INGLE ROOMS 100 AND 1 6c NIGHT, 600
and 75c week. Lindell House. Sixth and Howad.
ROOMS, 150 TO 76c PER NIGHT; 500 TO $1 60
per week. Oriental. 226 Drumm st
XX' ANTED— LABORER** AND MECHANIC**
* » to know that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprie-
tor, still runs Denver Honse, 217 Third st: 16>*
large moms; 26c per night; $1 to $3 per week.
i 1 * BIM.UN WANTS 100 m.-.n to -EX BOT-
_-. lie beer or wine 6c: feHR tree lunch. 643 clay.
BE-VT IN CITY— SINGLE ROoMS, 15. 20 AND
25 cents per night: $1. $1 26, $1 60 per week.
Paclhc House, Commercial and Leidesdorff sis.
inn MEN TO TAKE LODGING AT 100, 130
lov and 200 a night including cottee and rail*.
124 Washington st. near Kearnv*. J'Jr •.'■.■";'.- s V-?*<
* ANT ADa AND SUBSCRIPTIONS FOR
Thb Call are taken at Branch Offiue, south-
west corner Sixteenth and; Mission siai';v"f
XAT ANTED-SINGLK ROOMS 15c A DAY; *1
TT week: rooms for 2. 250 a day. $1 60 a wee***.;
reading-room: dally papers. 36 Clay st
TV, A. NTED. TOCOLLECT WAGES DUE LABOR-
" ersAclerks KNOX Collection Agcr, 110 sntter.
l ii.V ACME Ho UsE. Vo.' MARKET » 1., ttii-
Alow t-i-cth. for a room*. kSea night: $1 a wwi
INCHESTER HOUSK, 44 THIRD ST., NR
Market: 200 rooms. '■ 26c a night: * reading-
room: tree bus and baT»c*> to and from the ferrr.
■J.-'-y'; PARTNERS WANTED.
PHYSICIAN WANTED TO "LOCATE IN
thriving mining district. Apply 311 l'owell st,
ruon- 10.
'-■ .' ' AGENTS WANTED.
LADY AND GENT CANVASSERS: CALL
after 10 a. m., room 569 Parrott building.
AGENTS— BEST AND BIGGEST BOOK OF
receipts; brand new; will outsell all other*.
Apply quick for choice of territory F. PERSON,
manager subscription department, the Whitaker
A Ray co.
GENTS— A BOOK WRITTEN BY GEN-
eral Miles, commander-in-chief of tbe United
States army; full of interesting Indian experi-
ences by the great Indian fighter; one agent's
commissions over $40 th first 2 days. F. PER-
SON, Mgr. Subscription Depaitment, The Whita-
ker A Ray Company, 723 Market st.
AGENTS-A CALIFORNIA AND NEVADA
map; best; latest: you can coin money. F
PERSON, M?r. Subscription DepL, The Whitaker
A Ray Ca, 723 Market sL
HOUSES WANTED.
WANTED— OR 6 ROOM HOCSE, BATH;
TT . espectable locality : city or suburbs; $14 to
$18. Address JOSEPH JUSTIN, 418 Sutter sL
KOOMS WANTED.
4 OR 5 ROOMS: REASONABLE. ADDRESS
11. 11.. 1533 Court st, Alameda. ; .-,. : ,
COMPETENT TEACHER OF THE VIOLIN:
would like to give lessons in exchange for
room rent. Address T. V., box 95, Call ufflce.*?'. ,
WANTED-MISCELLANEOUS.
SELL YOUR BOOKS. NOVELS AND CLOTH-
ing to A. KLEIN, 109 sixths:.; send postal.
OLD GOLD AND SILVER BOUGHT. W.
MUND, watchmaker and jeweler, 226 Ellis st.
BUILDINGS BOUGHT: LUMBER. SASHED
doors, mantels, etc. for ml 1161 Mimln i -,-.
EDUCATIONAL.
ANDERSON'S ACADEMY AND SCHOOLOF
Mathematics: popils prepared in day and
evening classes and by private lessons for Cali or-
nia and Stanford universities: teachers.' marine
engineers' and civil service examinations; special
ev'g classes; mathematics, mechanical drawing;
high school pupils coached. R, 402 Parrott bids-
SCHOOL OF PHYSICAL CULTURE AND
Elocution, 1215 Octavia st., ■•■•an Francisca
MISS ELIZA MACKINTOSH, pupil of Professor
G. W. Baynham, Glasgow, Scotland, and graduate
of the School of Oratory, Philadelphia, Pa.,
teacher. Office days. Friday p. v., Saturday a. m.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE; 24 POST—
Bookkeeping, business practice, shorthand,
typing, telegraphy, languages, English branches,
electrical engineering; 20 teachers: 16,000 gradu-
-ties; day and evening sessions; catalogue.
AYRES" BUSINESS COLLEGE, 325 MONT-
gomery St.; individual instruction in short-
hand, typing, bookkeeping, telegraphy, etc.; lite
scholarship $50; low rates per week and month.
Telephone black 2795.
BELASCO'S LYCEUM SCHOOL OF ACTING—
Private theatricals arranged; pupils rehearsed
on stage. R 6 and 12, L0.0.F. block. 7th and MkL
ENGINEERING SCHOOL; MECH., ELEC."
civil, mining, survey, assay, archlt., X ray
taught; e5.1804. VAN DER NAILLEN.933 Mkt
INGING, VOICE CULTURE, PARIS GRAD-
-0 uate; French, Ger. lang.; $2 mo. 109 Taylor.
BOOKKPNO. WRITNG. ARITHMTC. GRAMR
day Jt night; noclasses; $5 month. 845 Mission.
GUITAR MANA/oLIN, ITAN.O AND Vc*C_.i
lessons, $3 mo. Mary Westhaus. 38 Fifth.
ÜBSCBIPTIONS AND WANT ADS FORTHE
Call taken at branch ollice, unit Haye* st;
open uutil 9 -.30 o'clock.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
ARE YOU ABOUT TO PURCHASE A PIANO?
We sell them for $3, $4, $5, $8, $7. $8. $9. FlO
permonih; alsoforcash; the best makersof every
grade: don't pay rent when the aame monthly
paym-nts will purchase one from us. SHERMAN,
CLAY A CO., cor. Kearny and Sutter sts.. stem-
way dealers.
ABSOLUTELY THEOLDEST AND LARGEST
house west of Chicago ls KOHLER A
CHASE'S 26, 28 and SO O'Earrell st.; pianos, or-
gans and all other musical Instruments, of all
grades and prices; terms easy: prices lowest:
everything possible done to please and satisfy the
customer. " -:'
CTUALLY' THE BEST BARGAINS IN Pl-
anos; monthly payments from $5 np: deliv-
ered free with stool and cover: correspondence
solicited. THE F. W. SPENCER COMPANY,
salesrooms 933 Market ■»*., opp. Mason; estao
l.sbed over 20 years. .
VERY FINE WEBER, $250; STEINWAY*,
$175; an elegant Hardman. slightly used,
$410; several fine oreans and a symphony at half
price; to close tbem out quickly: all of them
snaps. THE J. DEWING CO., 2d floor Flood
bidg,, Fourth and Market sts.
BONA FIDE REDUCTION IN PRICES—
Haines. Knabe, Bush A Gerts and others; sec-
ond-hand pianos from $100 up. W. C. HAMIL-
TON, successor to A. L. Bancroft A Co., 824 POsL
BEAUTIFUL $500 WALNUT DECKER it
Son nprUht, good as new, for $290 cash.
MAL VAIs, 769 Market St.
HAW, STEINWaX, $250; CUICKKKING.
IO $185; bargains, $4 a month; a nice small up-
right, $95; rent $2 up. HEINE, 130 Ellis st
KNABE PIANOS: NEW SCALE; NEW
styles. KOHLER A CHASE, 30 u'Farrell st
-kin- RODGERS' CABINET GRAND
'. en: bargains HORN UNG.
ABRUENN PIANO: WILL CHARM YOU;
see it before you buy. 228 Post st
V** EARLY NEW BABY' GRAND STEINWAY;
Ai great bargain. 1021 Van Ness aye.
I>AKM CHANCE; GOOD UPRIGHT CHEAP,
1 SCHMITZ. 16 McAllister, next Hibernia Bank
AT SHERMAN. CLAY A CO.'S ONLY WILL
you find a stock of new steinway pianos.
Wo. BADGER. SO..E Ay ENT FOR HALLET
• A Davis and Francis Bacon pianos. 415 Sacta
BYRON MALZV. iOo P^sT sl.— *?OHM_._,
Newbv <_ Evans. Brigcs an J other pianoi.
(^•UPKRIOP. VIOLINS, ZITHERS, OLDA NEW
OH. MULLER. maker repairer. 2 . a nam piac-t
DENTISTS.
VAN VROOM <£ CO.'S ELECTRO- DENTAL
\ Tailors, 097 Market su : lady attendant; no gas
or other dangerous untesthetlcs given; electric.ty
the great agent used to relieve pain; teeth filled
and extracted painlessly by our new electrical
process: a written guarantee given with ail work
done: lowest prices: best work; all surgical work
attended by G. W. Williamson, H.D., physician
and surgeon: examination free by the uue of our
new elect ileal appliances: porcelain and gold
crowns: bridge-work and teeih without plates a
specialty. Electro-Dental Parlors, 997 Market st
i A FULL SET OF TEETH, $5; PAINLESS
.X extraction: see our new combination plate:
thinnest lightest coolest plate made; warranted
10 years: fillings. 60c; crowns, $3 50: lady assist-
ant. CHICAGO DENTAL PARLORS, 24 Sixth.
CROOME DENTAL ASSOCIATION, 769 MAR-
ket, <et. 3d and 4th; pais specialists: painless
extracting, with gas, $1; plates, $7 up; flu, $1 up.
m_~ FULL SET TEETH; BEST MAKE;
*iJJ) I . kept I*l repair; extracting free; filllngs,6oa;
crowns, $3 60. Pacific Dental Parlors, 18 Third.
ET OF TEETH WITHOUT A PLATE. DR
H. C Young, 1841 Polk st
POSITIVELY PA IN..ES-. EXTRACTION. DR
HARDING, 600 Sutter cor. Powell: tel. main s37s
DR. J. J. LEEK, 1126 MARKET ST.. OPEN
evenings: Snndays till noon, dentistry taught
,-oLiO.**. Di-.NTAL AMOITAiIO.V, SOo -__._.-
Kj ket st. DR CHARLEs W. DECKER
$7 A SET TOR teeth— WARRANTED ai
I good as can be made, filling $1. DR SIMMs,
dentist 930 Market sl, next Baldwin Theater.
I |K. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 MARKET ST., NR
JL/ Eleventh; no charge lor extracting whets
plates are mad*: old plates made over like new;
leeth from $8 per set; extracting 60c: gas given.
DR GEORGE W. LEEK, THE GENUINE
Leek dentist, discoverer of painless extraction
•nd patentee of Unproved bridge work or teeta
without any plate, moved from Sto 20 cr FarretUL
LL WORK REASONABLE AND WAR-
ranted. DR J. W. KEY. 1320 Marketst
LOST.
"I SUNDAY, SILVER WATCH; RIB-
_J bon fob*, -.-old buckle; heart | pendant; C. L. M.
on both. Return Western Meat Company, 636
Sixth s:. ; reward.
I OST— FOX TERRIE . RETURN TO 2431
S.J Pacific aye., cor. Sieiner at Reward. .;.
BROWN SETTER; PART ST. BERNARD;
.Ice se No. 1676. 1532 Folsotn sl; reward.
I OST— SATURDAY, TWO BUNCHES OF
-keys: return to this ofli c; liberal reward.
LOST— WHITE SPITZ PUP. A ABOCT 7
months old: answers to the name of Baby. Re-
turn to C. SANDER, cor. Fifteenth and Po-
trero aye : receive reward. * ■rf'Jj
LOST— A I'ASSL OK WITH THE HIBERNIA
Savings and Loan - Society of san Francisco,
in the name of HUGH DONOHOE No. 148,678.
The finder will please return to bank. ■"'.-''
PHYSICIAN
li ; #- -.-o--^,,----r "'- -
DR C. C. O'DONNELL, 1206 MARKET; RES
2864 25th st.: diseases of women a specialty-
.- STORAGE. .; „ . )•
REDUCED RATES, FURNITURE, PIANOS,
household gooda, etc. i. M. PIERCE, 786 Mkb
BUSINESS CHANCES.
WANTKD- A RELIABLE MAN OF ORDIN-
V* ary business ability as partner In commission
business, oldest estab ishea ofthe kind in the city,
to look after inside work and keep plain ac-
counts: knowledge of German desirable, but not
indispensab c; a first-class opening for suitable
(mi", who will need but small capital: owner in
absolute ne d of a live man whom he can depend
on; full investigation a* to past and present re-
turns from the business: references exchanged.
Apply M. LESS, 5 Fourth st '
© I Finn SALOON; ONE OF THE OLDEST
tlpl-JUU. places near the Chronicle building:
place crowded all day; finely fitted up: easily
worth $250.1 ; rent moderate: must be seen to be
appreciated. M. LESS, 5 Fourth st
MILLINERY STORE: TWO DOORS NORTH
of Market st: fina lar.e store; four nice
living-rooms; rent low: has a good new stock on
hand; good business. M LESS, 5 Fourth st
dJ-j'JCn CORNER GROCERY AND BAR IN
-POOU. the Western Addition; living-rooms;
cheap tent: old-established place; no opposition;
large stock: big bar trade; must sell this week.
M. LESS, 5 Foarth st.
ffl>£AA SALOON IN AN EXCELLENT BU-SI-
jJpOUU. ne-is locality; one of the oldest-estab-
lished and best-known places In its neighborhood;
rent reasonable; large sock: does a business that
would justify an investment of at least $1000,
which will be proven 01* a trial; thorough investi-
gation allowed to any one meaning business: sat*
isfactory reasons for selling. M. less, 6 Fourth.
$^nfi CORNER GROCERY AND BAR; A
•iffirUU. few blocks north of Market street:
finely fitted up: good, large stock on nam: 4 nice
living-rooms: rent low. M. LESS, 5 Fourth st
GROCERY BUSINESS, WITHOUT BAR: IN
busy location; good horse and wagon ; has a
well-paying cash trade; bai gain. M. LESS, .ft
Fourth st. 'JsyyJJj.
*_.• I -9AA SALOON— ONE OF THE FINEST
•IP 1 _jUU and oldest places in the immediate
vicinity of many large theaters; elegant private
rooms; magnificent fixtures; clears $100 to $200
per month. M LeS->, 6 Fourtb st
•3_IIAA RESTAURANT A C OSS THE
«JJ)I J UU. bay: entrances from two streets;
prnaeut owner-, in same place over 7 years; re-
ceipts over $1000 per mon.h; other business cause
of sale. M. L s>j-, 5 Fourth St.
-ftf-Cr/l STATIONERY AND VARIETY,
<3")Uc)U. cigars, notions and school supply store;
in beßl busines- part of Western Addition: cheap
ie t; 4 living-rooms: positive value in sight; near
schools. M. LESS, 5 Fourth st.
ft ti A A GR' CE V AND BA H. WIT H 4 SUN-
»_)*OUU. nylivlug-rooms: low rent; north of Mar-
kets'..: old stand; value in sight M. LESS, ft
Fourth sl
fflfOOC RESTAURANT-MAGNIFICENTLY
*©•-'*--- '->• furnished; on good street: two blocks
north of Market: cheap rent; crowded during
meal hours. M LESS, 5 Fourtb si.
•morri SALOON; FINELY LOCATED:
«IP_'OU. cheap rent: cood fixtures: well stocked;
4 living-rooms; worth $600; owner going East M.
LESS, 5 Fourth st
ft 1 AAA RESTAURANT; NEAR new
tIPIUUU. City Hall; magnificently furnished:
secures highest prices: has an exceptionally flne
class of custom; present owner there 4 years; re-
ceipts $1200 monthly. M LESS, 5 Fourth st*.
©OQAA HOTEL WITH 30 * WELL-FUR-
i]j)iOUU. nished rooms: the only hotel In one
of the most prosperous towns of it* size In the
State; photograph at my office. M. LESS, ft
Fourth st
ftl 000 most Elegantly furnished
<©- VfUU. (millinery establishment; best loca-
tion, near Market; selected stock of goods, large
patronage: owner going East and must sacrifice.
Apply WILKE, 783 Market st.
ffi.*_j;7**: OLD ESTABLISHED CORNER GRO-
»4P .)••>. eery and bar in busy location; flne
stock of groceries, good bar trade, low rant; a bar-
gain. Inquire WILKK, 783 Market st
ft i(\C\ WELL PATRONIZED RESTAU-
C ""■'• rant in wholesale district; flne class of
customers; no Sunday work; a good paying place.
Particulars, WILKE, 783 Markets'.
THE LARGEST, THE BEST LOCATED, THK
most money making branch bakery, stationary.
fancy grocery and candy store of this city for sale;
owner to make trip to Eurone; living rooms: no
trifiers need to inquire. WILKE 783 Market st
ft! ')(\f\ CORNER GROCERY AND BAR
iIPJ-— «UU. with 4 living rooms; choicest loca-
tion in Mission: a straight, genuine Al paying
business. WILKE 783 Market st
ft_Lnn GOOD PAYING SALOON ON EAST
•IT _tUU. St., opposite the Oakland ferry; a bar-
gain. Apply WILKE, 783 Market st
agARf) BRANCH BAKERY WITH 3 LlV-
«lr*i-»U. Ing-rooms: rent $22: a genuine good
business offer, daily receipts $14; kepi by owner
for years; rarest chance. WILKE, 783 Mar. st
ft7*^n LUNCH AND CHOP HOUSE; ES-
**lp I *JU. tabiished years; patronized by mer-
chants and brokers: money-making place: no
Sunday or night work. WiLKE, 783 Market st.
fl*. Or/A CORNER BARROOM; CHOICEST
*©Oc)U. downtown location: doing a flrst-class
paying business: low rent; investigate at once;
you will find No. 1 bargain. WILKE 783 Market
(J-r-'n CIGAR-STORE AND BILLIARD
*S>U<UU. hall, wlih 2 fine tables, fixtures and
stock of goods: actual value $1200: lively country
town; roust be sold this week. Call WILKE, 783
Market st. .:'-."
dlk-1 IJfr FIKST-CLASS CIGAR-STORE: THE
(IP-. it), best location near Market st: fine fix-
tures: large patronage; owner has other business.
Apply WILKE, 783 Market st.
OS 1 r t\f\ LIVERY, BOARDING AND SALE
«©_ I UU. stable, centrally located, near Mar-
ket St.: partner wanted: bas 20 boarders, 20
horses, 2 backs, wa^onet c, coupe, lo buggies,
wagon, carts, harness, etc.. over 100 stalls; very
reasonable rent; established 15 years; clears
$250 per montb: owner first-class livery man;
needs the assistance of an active man as partner.
See GEORGE STEWART A CO , 632 Market st
HANCE FOR CITY CANVASSER TO MAKE
I money on side. GEO. WHEELER, 9.16 Market
WANT TO TRADE STORE BUILDING,
>T blncksmith-shop and 4 acres of ground in
country town for business or lodging-house in city.
Geo. WHEELER, 906 Xarke.st
ft9nn CANDY-STORE AND FACTORY:
»lP_.Uv> good location: flue trade: rent only
$20. GEO. WHEELER, 906 Market st
ffi.-;i"n PAYING DINING HALL: INVES-
«J)_j-JU. ti. ate. GEO. WHEELER, 906 Market
l/OR SALE— A LEGITIMATE BUSINESS
A 1 which will earn purchaser $60 per month;
small capital. i-iEO. WHEELER, 906 Markets'..
RESTAURANT; NO. 1 LOCATION; BACRI.
flee: good business. BARRETT, Maiket
DEE BARRETT A BASILE, 8731,-j MARKET
fr st, for one of the be -i bargains in cigar-staod,
candy, notion-stores lv the city.
ft*9nn BRANCH BAKERY, CANDY, NO-
»p_.UW. tlon store; north Market: receipts $7 a
day: low rent. BARRETT A CO., 15731/2 Market.
IGHEST CASH PRICES PAID FORFURN^
tnre. restaurant saloon fixtures and groeerr
stocks. STENBERG. 632 Market; teL main 104:1.
ft 9nn KRANCH BAKERY, NOTIONS, ETC.:
*_." ' v.' . good location; rent $11; present owner
here 6 years. STENBERG A CO., 632 Market st
ftA-^n LAUNDRY' ROUTE, CLEARING
C | **-'"• $100 a month; good borse and wagon:
trial given. STEN HERO A CO., 632 Market st
©XftA GREAT BARGAIN; CORNER
i-Jl-JUU liquor saloon: leading business street
off Market: cash register, safe, etc W. F.
HEALY", 917 Market st
■fei r \(\ KESTAUI'.ANT. NEAR 8. P. R R.
*tjpl OU. depot: 4 living-rooms: great bargain; on
account of departure. HEALY, 917 Market at
OOD OPENING FOR A BUSINESS MAN
VJ in an enterprise producing and manufacturing
a staple anicie of daily consumption, having a
stesdy sale all over the Pacific Coast; Investment
will yield a handsome profit; additional capital of
$10,000 to $20,000 required. Addresa J. REIMER,
509 Montgomery St., San Francisca
Sirtfi SALOON FOR SALE: OLD E-TAB-
■UU. lished place: no night work. Apply this
office. J jyl j '•"■■'
ft9nn LOOK AT THIS FINE SALOON;
■tip— V'U. good stock; fine location; cheap rent
805 Howard st
pEN'ILEMAN PARTNER WANTED BY
' J young lady; country business. 17 Grant aye.,
room a. ■',■:'
■*nj-L*-nn HALF-INTEREST established
•■jT-OU.'. manufacturing business; noexperience
needed. 827 Mission st
PARTNER WITH SMALL CAPITAL TO KN-
gave In paying business in Washington; $300
required. Address J. X., box 48, Call Oflic?.
COFFEE PARLOR: GOOD BUSINESS FOR
man and wife. 6^Ba Post st
ANTED-INDU-TRIOUR BUSINESS MAN,
with $2000. IX 3., box 151, Call Office.
FOR SALE CHEAP— 1 PORTABLE PHOTO-
graph gallery in* town of 1501; noo. her gal-
leries: several towns to draw from: good reasons
for selling. Address V. REED, -elma, Cfl.
PARTNER WITH $500 CAPITAL FOR
half-interest and to act as treasurer la a sure-
paying enterprise; profits from $500 to $700
month. Amtress Y. fc, box 86. Call Office.
lok rent— Family restaurant:
j large uiuing-room; French range: 2 suites of
rooms; batb, etc Apply W. R c'Ll Ft, 17 Sixth.
Small Variety-store on marketst.;
sale or exchange. Apply Call Office.
ftl Ann 8«»OE- STORE; NEW GOODS;
(ft" 1 A OUU. rare chance. Address Shoe-store,
box 15, this office. ; „■ y *
•3.19?: CORNER CIGAR- STAND. LAUN-
■*F-__--». dry. near Market: central. BARRETT,
87314 Mar-ie: st.
RESTAURANT CHEAP-GOOD BUSINESS;
cheap rant; trial given. - R T., box 98, Call.
■ s«te*"3ftA«?--, »w-*sc.i*a«rf«!rir*s-ii» .. <mtr*£in6a»!'E»in. _.. -
BUSINESS CHANCES— Continued.
TO SELL YOUR BUSINESS QUICK FOR
cash see STRAND A RICHARDS, 1118 Mar-
ket st. yj ' y
_X.ir-.-n PARTNER WANTED IN COM MIS-' 1
3S_,OU. sion business: .stabllsh'd 12 years;!
will nay any one willing to work an average of $75 "I
per month: no -unday or night work: part cash: '
sate investment: see to-day. STRAND A RICH- '
ARDS, 1118 Market st " ,
(fr/f A A SALOON: CONNECTED WITH
tJh*TU U lodging-house of 200 rooms and large
llverr stables: worth double: must sell on ac-
count of sickness. STRAND A RICHARDS,
1118 Market st '
ffI»OKA PRIVATE DINING PARLOR: N.
•JibOOl/ of Market st; doing a good business:
ireat barrain: on account of departure; see liis
offer; free rent STRAND A RICHARDS. 1118
Market st
*_»OC;A CORNER GROCERY AND BAR;
tth OOU. good stock, fixtures, safe: no opposi-
tion: great bargain. STRAND A RICHARDS,
1118 Market it _____^
GOLD QUARTZ! MINE FOR SALE; $13,000,
part on time: in operation; 10-stamp mill;
3 Triumph concentrators; free water power;
hoisting works, shops, boarding-house and other
buildings: flne ledge; shaft and tunnels read, to
stopeore: value in sight; bargain; can be made
very large property by extending. Address M.,
box 60, CalL '
ffl» QAA CIGAR AND STATIONERY STORE;
•3hoUU. c earing over $100 per month above all
expenses: trial given before buying; cheap rent,
with living-rooms; value in Sight C. a., box 88,
Call Office. ___
FOR SALE OR TRADE; GOOD PAYING
lodging-house north of Market st; trial given;
goes cheap for casb; owner going to Europe. Ad-
dress Barber, 405 tixth st.: no agents. '
SOUTHERN PACIFIC RESTAURANT FOR
sale, cheap: fine location; doing good busl.
ness: owner going to the old couniry; investigate,
202 Townsend St., cor. of Third.
*L*iINE DRESSMAKING ESTABLISHMENT
A for sale; also furniture of 5-room flat cheap; ac-
count of leaving for Europe. Address M. 1.., box
72, CaU Office.
HALF-INTEREST IN AN ESTABLISHED
printing and publishing business. J- A. 8.,
box 104, CalL
WILL EXCHANGE A GOOD-PAYING RES-
taurant for small farm near Los Angeles or
Anaheim. C. I. R, box 101, CalL
LADY WISHES GENTLEMAN PARTNER;
$50; country business. Room 2, 223 Post st.
ft A(\f\ GROCERY AND BAR; 5 LIVING-
•tJp'iUU. rooms; rent $36. Hibernia Brewery.
ROOMING-HOUSE ON MARKET: MUST BE
sold; a bargain. Apply M., box 21, Call.
GOOD LOCATION FOR A GOOD CARRIAGE
painter. Inquire 1340 Turk st
B* RANCH BAKERY FOR SALE CHEAP; 3
X> living-rooms. 3421 Sixteenth st
OLD-ESTABLISHED CORNER GROCERY
and bar; big business; sells 20 half-barrels
beer week; long lease. REIDY, 1027 Market st
. *
(morn FINE SALOON AND LUNCH
-tQ)_.OU. house; wholesale district; make offer;
must be sold to-day, Apply 45 Third St., room _,
©11 AA GROCERY AND BAR; FINE
•JJ) A lUU. stock: nice family trade. Apply Call.
ARTNER IN CIGAR FACTORY WITH
store; small capital. Address C, box 105, CalL
©1 AAA GROCERY AND BAR; MUST BE
•JpIUUU. sold; established 8 years; doing good
business; full value in stock; rent $20. 45 Third.
FOR SALE— OLD-ESTABLISHED OROCERY
and bar south of Market st ; cheap for cash,
A C, box 19, CaU Office.
CIGAR AND NOTION STORE; GOOD LOCA-
tion; present owner heie 7 years. Apply CalL :
OR OLD-ESTABLISHED PAYING
coffee-saloon and restaurant. 122 Fifth st .
FOR SALE— AND GARTER SALOON,
137 Fifth st.; established 1886; 3 living-rooms;
no agent
RESTAURANT; FINE LOCATION; CHEAP;
good place tor two. 324 Larkin st
FOR GROCERY AND BAR; OWNER
selling oa account of sickness. 240 Minna st.
RANCH BAKERY, NOTION AND BTA-
tlonery; good place; cheat), make offer. * 449
Guerrero st
fflji ortfA hay. grain, WOOD and COAL,
■up! UUU. business: mustseU: cause, sickness
Address R 0., box 101, Call Oflice.
OLD ESTABLISHED BAKERY FOR SALE:
shop business : no wagon. Address C X., box
98, Call Office.
FOR SALE CHEAP— AND CHOP
house; leaving for Greece. 344 Third st
ENTLEMAN PARTNER WANTED BY
Eastern young lady. Room 5, first floor, 850
Market st
MILK ROUTE; 90-OAL. TRADE; 2 HORDES,
wagon, cream .separator, cans, etc; all in
good condition. 169 Second st
GOOD PAYING BUSINESS; GROCERY AND
bar; ba-ement attached. 1601 Powell st,
cor. Vallejo.
IpOR SALE —SACRAMENTO AGENCY OF
A this paper. For particulars inquire Call Office.
ORTLAND AGENCY THIS PAPER. IN^
quire this office or at 133 Third St., Portland,
Oregon.
FINE EXPRESS TEAM AND WAGON;
must be sold at once. 211 Larkin st.
* WEKK'S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS— TLUJ
-*\ WEEKLY CALL, la wrapper, tor mailing.
=3
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
-1 A-ROOM HOUSE, CORNER _ $300
It.' 8-room new flat, best in city ' 800
108-room bouse, clearing $350 6,000
1 8 rooms on Eddy st 650
19 rooms on Post st, fine 1,000
60-room house on Pine st„ rent $85 2,000
12 rooms on Van Ness aye., only 1,400
10 rooms, cor. O'Farrell st 350
17-room house on Sixth street 650
H. C DECKER, 1020 Market st, opp. Fifth.
OR CASH, PART CASH OR EXCHANGE.
10 rooms; fine, new furniture $600
17 rooms on Sixth st., cheap. 650
17 rooms: part cash 900
20 rooms; well furnished; rent $45 1,000
S3 rooms, clearing $100; part cash * 800
For sale by GEO. WHEELER, 9/6 Market st
7 J*: 1 1 HOUSE OF 26 ROOMS; BEST LOCA-
<*IP i OU. tion on Mark-t st.; a rare bargain;
owner la leaving for Europe. WiLKE, 783 Market
<_» 1 E.ft CASH, BALANCE ON TIME. BUYS
«B> lOU 23 rooms newly f urmshe 1 ; rent ISO;
must go. WINSTON A THOMAS. 646 Market.
■
FURNITURE FOR RALE.
SALE— THE FURNITURE OFA COZY.
Jr 6-room flat in the Mission -warm belt; porcelain
batb; very cheap. 3633 Nineteenth St., near
Guerrero.
ALL THE FURNITURE IN FURNISHED
flat Of 5 rooms: $60. 1814 Folk st
-yURNITURE, ETC., FOR 5 ROOMS, COM-
-T plete, at a bargain. Inquire 32 California st
ENTIRE STOCK T. H. NELSON, DECEASED,
now being sacrificed to close estate: household
furnilure every description, new and2d-hand: pos-
itively below cost; genuine closing out 126 4th.
SAVE MONEY— BUY FURNITURE FROM
Buckingham Fur. Ca, 866 Mission: advances.
HOUSEHOLD RANGES ARE THE BEST
JOHN F. MEY ERS CO.. 947 Market st
FURNITURE WANTED.
AT INDIANA AUCTION COMPANY. RE-
moved to 1171 Misslou st. near Eighth, tele-
phone Mint 1893. you get highest cash paid for
merchandise, furniture art goods, pianos, lioraries
EST PRICES FOR FURNITURE. MDSE.,
eta STREETA CRESWELL. Auctioneers.? 1
Howard streeet Houses bought in their entirety.
IT URNITURE, STOVES CARPETS. COUN-
JT ters. showcases '-.iNDERSoN. 1121 Market
CARPET CLEANING.
ADVANCE CARPET-CLEANING CO., 402
tutter; tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM. prop.
/A ITY STEAM CARPET-CLEANING WORKS;
Kj cleans, moves, ays carpets. G. H. STEVENS* .
Mgr. 38 and 40 Eighth St. ; telephone South 250.
J WaTTS, reliable carpet-cleanlug renovtg, alter-
, ation works. 413 McAllister. TeL Jessie 32 L
CARPET-/ LEANING, 3c: LAY-NO, be; RUG
samples tree: tel. Jessie 944. Stratton, 38th st
C-lARI'ET-. cleaned, renovate: i) LIKE
J new. J. McQUEEN.4S3 sievenson. Tel. 5.228.
HEN Y«iU BECOME DISGUSTED WITH
« poor work toSPAULDING'S Pioneer Ca-
rpet-beating Works. 353-57 Tehama st.: teL Sa 4 A
lARPETS CLEANED* RENOVATED LIKE
J now. 23 Tenth; lei. south "16. Mackintosh A Co.
JE. MITCHELL. CAKPKT-C LEANING CO
. 240 14th st ; cleaning 3c a yard. Tel. Mis. 7 L
C *-ONKLIN'S CARPET- BEATING WORK.*.
J 833 Golden Gate aye, Telephone East 126.
BICYCLES.
VOR SALE -HIGH GRADE '96 WHEEL; Alr
A most new; $30. 2824 Howard st.
TANDEMS. "96" PATTERN, GOOD AS NEW,
$70 and upward: bargains in second - hand
wheels. Golden Ru.e Bazaar cycle department
25 Geary atHOUSES TO EET.
.Jr-INLY $10 PER MONTH; COTTAGE OF 5
• .rooms ••remodeled; newly painted an I paper-
ed' Clarenca pi., off Townsend st., near Third.
" Apply MADISON A BURKE, 626 Market st.
,9 WAL LER NEAR OCT A -I— NICE HOUSE
.— '.of -10 rooms and bath; sun all day; rent $30.
Apply MADISON & -BURKE.
Hot Sl : 303 FELLST.: 6 ROOMS AND BATH;
$22 50. Apply MADISON A BURKE.
-OAQ J ACXSON* ST., NEAR JONES; 9
' —vf.' rooms, bath: sanitary plumbing; mod-
. em Improvements: a'l newly fitted un: pienty of
.sun":... cable-cars; murine view; rent $10 per
month, water included; keir at No. 1205. Apply
YON RHEIN A CO.. 513 California su
—; __
• 11l LIBERTY"— IF YOU WANT A MOST DE-
■ A X _ llghtful home In a desirable neighborhood,
hen't fail 10 lnstect this sunny ."-room bay-window
.dwelling, with Its garden end beautiful view; rent
cfTtap: furnished or un.uruished.
HOUSE, 9 ROOMS; FIRST-CLAPS STYLE;
•191-1 Buchanan st. SHAI.n WALD-BUCK-
;.iBEE COMPANY.
T 79A FILLMORE— VERY SUNNY, HAND-
\X I _.U some 6 rooms; aT modern: yard; ears.
:OQr HOUSE OF 6 ROOMS IN FINE ORDER
:C.O. 1555 Kearny s:., near Greenwich.
GOZY HOME; SUNNY SIDE SUTTER, 882;
• key at 830: reduced: lovely location.
HOUSES TO RENT FOR VERY LITTLE
.. money at BALDWIN _; HOWELL'S, 10
Montgomery st.
'V-f)9|| BUsH - SUNN HOUSE; 9 ROOMS:
■ >.— —'' yard: rent reasenable to a (rood tenanu
■-■■■— p— »————— —— ——»——_— — — —_—^—— ————.—^—
FURNISHED HOUSES.
SUNNY*. 8 ROOMS, 3 OR MORE MONTHS,
O $30. 2116 Larkin st.. 2to 5 o'clock.
FUKNISHED FEATS.
BARGAIN: SUNNY*: NICELY' FURNISHED
flat. or 6 rooms. 2514 Vi Sutter; call 12 to 2.
COTTAGES TO EET.
81^5 ROOMS AND BATH. 32 DAME ST.,
ty I*l. near Cburch and Thirtieth.
V-EW; 4 ROOMS: $14: OR WILL SELL ON
_> easy terms. THE MCCARTHY CO., 646 Mar-
. ket st.
.<s_-[ ft 4-ROOM; NEW; 114 CONGO ST.,
t?XU. Sunny Side Tract: or sell. $50 down, $12
month. MCCARTHY COMPANY., 646 Market.
£**1 fi AND $8 50 — 2 COTTAGES: 11 RUS-
V iv sell st. and 3 Tay su, off Clay, near Mason.
QO KA COTTAGE OF 3 LARGE ROOMS:
. ZjiO.OU. garden: yard. 18 Prospect ava, bet.
Twenty-seventh and Twenty sts., near
Mission.
ft 99 GOLDEN GATE AYE.-FRONT PAR-
!)_._. lor and kitchen, $18; 3 sunny front house-
- keeping rooms, $25.
■4) SUNNY MODERN COTTAGES; 5 ROOMS,
- bath, laundry and basement; convenient; rent
512 50. 145;: 7th aye. sooth, nr. Railroad-aye. cars.
- TQ NATOMA— NEAT COTTAGE: 4 ROOMS
. >}Oo and tath; large yard and basemeiK: rent
low.
OTTAGE OF 4 SUNNY* ROOMS: BASEMENT,
V large chicken-yard, coops, etc.: 1% blocks south
from terminus; Twenty-nlnth-sU electric- cars; rent
■"• $11; water free. 29 Harper su
i_ 1 A NICE SUNNY' COTTAGE, FOR SMALL
._ IU. family. 20 Johnston aye., near Geary-su
cible-cars. BV?*Bi
, QI*"NNY COTTAGE, 4 LARGE ROOMS, BASE-
c^ inent and yard. 1864 Fifteenth St., nr. Dolores.
TO LET- COTTAGE 6 BOOMS AND BATH;
rent $18. 449 Bryant st. * ..--. : ,, 3
iaMB FLATS TO LET;
_• I A TAKE YOUR CHOICE; 4OR 6-ROOM
•s"*_U. flats; near Call. SPECK <fc CO., 602
Market su
C" A 6 LARGE ROOMS: LARGE YARD
«_"*-*-'• and stable; 4144 Twenty-fifth sL, near
Castro.
$15— Lower flat: 1411 Guerrero St., near Army;
5 rooms; porcelain. r'-' -1. =
*• *.; MODERN SUNNY 6 ROOM FLAT; RENT
- cheap. 510 Shrader, nr. Haight st, G. G. Park.
. .a*. A 6 SUNNY KOOMS: MARINE VIEW.
- 0-1- _»• SW. corner Polk and Union sts.
VICE ILA 1 OF 6 SUNNY ROOMS FACING
ii park panhandle. 1626 Fell st.
"\TEW FLAT 6 ROOMS AND BATH; RENT
>.i cheap. 5191-2 Oak su
(fjOil - A MODERN* SUNNY 6-ROOM FLAT.
.._._., ciU ISOB Tage st.
Cil ft FOUR sUNNY ROOMS. IVY AYE.,
**-«JI)AU. near Van Ne«.
.j*-*r I TWENTY-SECOND, NKAR DOLORES
- OOO'i —Sunny fiat of 5 rooms and bath; double
parlors; rent $12 60. SOM
COMPLETELY' FURNISHED FLAT; PIANO;
rent $35. 116 Lyon st.
FLA l OF 8 ROOMS ANDBATH: RENT KEA-
.'• A? -sonabie. SE cor. Page and Lyon sts.
1_ , — . — .
--.TTPPERFL-.T; 6 ROOMS ANDBATH: RENT
KJ- cheap. 208 Noe su, bet Filteenth and Six-
"*" t-reDth
Sir MODERN FLAT, 8 ROOMS.BATH; 1
- : tib A.O. or 2 families- 1128 Howard st.
.- _ :
-ju-io NEW BAY-WINDOW FLAT; 3
' %1 '). rooms: gas ; tubs; bath. 909 Foisom. near
Fifth.
CM A FLAT, 4 BOOMS: HALL, DOUBLE
>J)I,U. j-arlors; yard. 1606 Sievenson, near
Eighteenth.
~79K1 NATOMA— LOWER FLAT OF FIVE
i —Oz nice rooms: rent reasonable.
■ \-EW FLAT 7 SUNNY ROOMS; MODERN
_i improvements. 3435 Twentieth St., bet.
Howard and Capp.
"I pi FU L T ON —EXTRA FINE MIDDLE
_.*__. flat, 6 rooms and bath; new; $30.
SMALL FLAT OF 4 SUNNY' KOOMS: RENT
0 reasonahie. 1 Bo»ie aye., off Eleventh su,
bet. Howard and Folsom.
CHOICE SUNNY FLATS, MODERN CON-
veniences; cheap to good tenants, see owner,
6 Colllngwood st.
7 - HAVES, CORNER WEBSTER—
ioi sunny rooms and bath; modern improve-
ments.
'fl'lQ UPPER FLAT; 5 ROOMS AND BATH.
ij ' AO . 1 6^5 Vs Pine su, abov*. Van Ness aye.
fl*** 1 Q 14251/2 SACRAMENTO, NR. HYDE —
' itJplO. Flat 01 5 rooms and. bath; yard.
-"' I 7 ELLIOTT PARK, 01-F STEINER, NEAR
1 • Oeary— 3 large nunny rooms, yard and cellar;
rent $12. Inquire 1911 oeary at.
"DAY-WINDOW FLAT OF 5 LARGE BOOMS;
.-AJ modern improvements; rent low. 1101 BryanU
T-7AC POST-3. 4 AND 6 ROOM FLATS;
J lUD baths: garden: rent $15.
'" 1 Al (, ELLIS ST.— NICELY LOCATED MOD- I
-. Av 1 A .' crn flat of 7 room- and bath: rent *25.
TYO YOU WANT A NEW FLAT OR COT-
• ;±J tage; cheap. See sPECK <fc CO., 602 Mar..et.
LATB TO LET FOR VERY LITTLE \
JrX money at BALDWIN* A HOWELL'S, 10 Mont- j
gomery su ■
'' -jr.-] c LOWER FLAT; 643 CASTRO, NEAR
•Jpj.o. 19th: 5 rooms: porcelain bath.' ; ?"V
C-^HEAP MODERN FLATS, 6 AND 6
Kj rooms. $8 to. $16: sen them. 623 seventh st.
A WEEK'S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS — THB
WEEKLY CALL, in wrapper, for mailing-
HOUSEKEEPINO KOOMS.
Clementina Street.
o RQ CLEMENTINA-2 OR 8 LARGE SUNNY
000 rooms for housekeeping; furnished or un-
.. furnished. _^^^^^^^
Eddy Street.
OIK EDDY- 2 OR 3 UNFURNISHED OR
• oJ.O furnished sunny rooms; reference.
Eighth Street.
-110 EIGHTH-FRONT AND BACK" PAR-
J A_j iors and 3 furnished rooms for housekeep-
ing. . - - -
Eighteenth Street. .
O_»AK EIGHTEENTH, COR. GUERRERO-
DUO Rooms either furnished or unfurnished.
lourth --.tree:.
A Cil FOURTH- L\ RGB ALCOVE FRONT
.-1/1 room and kitchen; furnished complete for
housekeeping: cheap renU -
1 ii. 11 Mreo;.
IA 7 FIFTH-PLEASANT SUNNY UNFUB-
1 U i nished rooms to let.
Ol A FIFTH-LARGE SUNN* FRONT BED-
O X _:. room and kitchen; bath; no children; pri-
vate: $11.
099 FIFTH— 2 BOOMS, ■ FURNISHED FOR
•«J_«_. housekeeping; rent cheap.
99' FIFTH-CLEAN FURNISHED HOUSE-
:.O_;O kee ing; two, $10; three, $13: single, $5.
A'uisom siree-
- 7A A FOLSOM - LARGE SUNNY FRONT
1 1 1 * rooms, furnished; housekeeping; single;
* cheap. .;-*;*. :- s jy* -y~- (
HOUSEKEEPING- ROOMS - Continued.
Franklin Street.
7 FRANKLIN-2 FURBISHED ROOMS FOR
• housekeeping: rent cheap.
Hawthorne Street.
I 7*9 hawthorne7nr.harrison-Buit-
X I — able for man and wife; desirable and rea-
sonable: references- -
Howard Street.
""09 HOWARD— 2 LARGE SUNNY FRONT
1 O—i rooms furnished for housekeeping; $10.
1 I '-V"*-* -«i--> w ARD, BEl - SEVENTH AND
..... E^hth-Nlcely furnished front room,
with kitchen, reasonable
1] 44 HOW - FURNISHED FRONT
x _-"_-- suites for housekeeping; from $10 to $12.
3-arkin Street.
Ql 7.L A R IN - SUNNY' FURNISHED
ox t, housekeeping and single rooms: $7 up.
Ulster Street.
7941 McALLISTER-NEWLY FURNISHED
-' — ~2 front rooms with housekeeping privileges,
lUßas streot.
'90 1 MINNA, COR.FOU RTH-SUITE FRONT
-.CJ 1 housekeeping, cheap; front double, single.
Y^fi MINNA — FURNISHED ROOMS FoR
0 _U housekeeping; large yard.
Mission Street.
1 AfJO MISSION ST. — ELEGANT FRONT
x\j\jo suites; new; biue-flame stoves; gas.
Norfolk Street.
nn NORFOLK, BETWEEN ELEVEN! AND
VJU Twelfth, Folsom and Harrison— Two nice
rooms (separate building), furnished complete for
housekeeping: sink; faucet: yara.
Ninth Street.
9*l NINTH ST.-SUNNY SUITE FOR LIGHT
-•1 A housekeeping; running water; other rooms.
Pearl Street.
3 PEARL, COR, MARKET, OPP. OCTAVIA—
2 or 3 well furnished housekeeping rooms.
Kecond Street.
499 SECOND-SUNNY ROOMS FOR HOUSE.
— — keeping, water, bath; other rooms, $1 up
fceventh Street.
*] J 9 SEVENTH (GIRARD)— SUITES AND
A __, kltcnens;ali>o single rooms; newly renovated
Sixth Street.
901 SIXTH— NICE SUNNY FRONT HOUSE-
—Oa keeping rooms: rates moderate.
si.;Qa SIXTH— 3 OR 4 UNFURNISHED sun-
—t7 ny rooms tor housekeeping: rent $9, $10.
Third Street.
"I AO THIRD — SUNN V HOUSEKEEPING
T-O rooms; complete: bath; gas; 52 50 a week.
OOA THIRU —2 UNFURNISHED HuOSE-
O O'I keeping rooms; water free; good accom-
modation; rent $t>.
.C -1 Q THIRD — FURNISHED HOUSEKEEP-
OXO ing rooms; ran ge a:, d running water.
Turk Street.
"COO TURK-2 OR 3 ROOMS COMPLETELY
0 — furnished, housekeeping: bath. gas.
Twenty-fifth Street.
4*l C 9 TWENTY-FIFTH ST., FEW DOORS
_:AO— east of Castro— sunny unfurnished rooms
(private family), sui able for light housekeeping;
bath and laundry; ladies only; rent $6 per month.
Twenty-sixth Street.
QQf'7 TWENTY-SIXTH, near mission-
OOl* I Two large sunuy furnished housekeeping
suites; $■> and $10.
■'iAJ'* - Miscellaneous.
3 SUNNY ROOMS, HANDSOMELY' FDR-
Dished: complete; private home; elegant sur
round M., box 82, Call.
507 MONTGOMERY, COR CLAY — OPEN
O— I until 9:3i< o'clock; branch office ot Ths
C ai.i.: butscrlptlons and want ads taken.
ROOMS TO LET.
California Street.
"I Q9Q CALIFORNIA - DOUBLE PARLOR.
A oSO with dining-room and kitchen; gas and
batb; sunny yard.
Eddy Street.
-I -I Q EDDY — ELEGANT FRONT SUITE;
JiO also other clean sunny rooms; $5 up; no
transient. ..^.:. ._"..._■.;.-_. :.._-.. * j.r.y.
J9'> EDDY'— 3 NICE SUNNY ROOMS: PHY-
_— slcian: tjath: private family; other rooms.
Eighth Street.
SHERMAN APARTMENT HOUBE. 2R !**Tn
~ eu. near Market: inrn'.shed and nnfurnlshed.
*)*l|\ EIGHTH, NEAR FuLSOM-3 LARGE
OAU rooms; rent $10.
A. lis Street.
ROYAL HOUSE, 126 ELLIS— INCANDEB-
-cent lights; reading-room, smoking-room and
j ladies' parlor: rooms per night. 35c to $1 50:
week, S2 to $8; month, $8 to $30; elevator on
office floor-, rooms with hot and cold water: baths.
EOYAL EAGLE, OPP. BALDWIN— NEWLY
furnished suites: single: elevator, heaters, etc.
CLIFFORD, 204 ELLIs-, COR. MASON— FEW
desirable sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
A llth a treat.
THE COSMOPOLITAN — SELECT FAMILY
botel: 100 Fifth St., cor. Mission: rooms
50c, 75c and $1 per night; $2 to $5 per week.
1 olsom Street.
7-fi-fl FOLSOM-DOUBLB SUNNY FRONT
I DU room: rent reasonable.
091*1 FOLSOM — SINGLE AND DOUBLE
o_-U furnished rooms; $1 per week.
_ ourth Street.
99-: FOURTH-FUR ISHED ROOM SUIT-
_.— able for two; $7 month.
Fourteenth Street.
"I 9QB FOURTEENTH— 2 SUNNY UNFUR-
-1 — '.* nished, bay-window, housekeeping .rooms.
luiion Street. -
3 FULTON (FULTON HOUSE) — NICELY
furnished rms; single or en suite; $8 <fc $16 up.
A Aft FULTON ST. — BEAUTIFUL LARGE
A _t\J su.my furnlsied room, for two.
Geary Street.
Q9K GEARY— LARGK ALCOVE SUNNY
OZ.O rooms cicely lurnished; well cared lor;
i quiet; convenient: worth seeing; reasonable.
! OQ7 GEARY, COR MASON— NEWLY FUR-
i OOi n shed rooms; suiteand single; gentsonly.
HE MARTINET, 1101 GEARY, SW. COR.
Van Ness— Handsome suites, newly furnished.
Golden Oate Avenue.
9*l Q GOLDEN GATE AYE.-SUNNY BAY-
_. 1 •' window room; aiso single; reasonable.
_\f A GOLDEN GATK AYE— LARGE FUR-
Ov 1 O nfshea bay-window for one or two; run-
ning water; home com for $12 a month; also
cheaper rooms; private family.
i-u«-t.ii Mice .
£»9Q HOWARD— NICKLY FURNISHED
V)£o front rooms: single and double; gas and
bath.
done**. Street.
9 A 7 JONES ("THE VAN WIN KLE")-HAND-
_.U I somely furnished rooms, suites or single.
Kearny Street,
ARLINGTON HOUSE, 127 KEARNY _.
Pleasant sunny rooms, ep suite and single; first
class In every respect: term* reasonable.
Earkin S.ree;.
097 LARKIN, COR GOLDEN GATE AYE.—
tA— i Desirable rooms, furnished or unfurni.hed.
-1 OAA LARKIN BT.. OPPOSITE LUKLI.nE
XZ.VIU Baths— Sunny furnished front rooms; $4
and $5 per month.
— _ _ . 1 : —
. Lewis Street. *
1 O LEWIS, OFF TAYLOR. NEAR POST— SB:
A D large untarnished room and kitchen.
j. ■*• k»-t Street.
1 A9 r MARKET - FURNISHED HOUSE-
XUOO keeping rooms; front suite for office. .
YtiKEMITE HOUSE. 1045 MARKET— PER
n*ght, 35c to $1: week, $160 to 86: families.
aicAtl later Street.
nnftl McALLISTER-NICELYFURMSHED
Z_.l'*> double and single: also bay-wlnoow
suite suitable for physician: excellent location;
opp- -1 y Hi-11: $6 per montb, up.
7J.*,*71 MCALLISTER-LARGE SUNNY FUR-
-00 I a nished room: botand.old water: bath;sj.
Siason Street.
A AQ MASON-SUITES; NEWLY FURNISH-
IUO ed; simile »"- doable rooms; cheap. j.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, ■. 31 AY 3, 1897.
ROOMS TO LET- Continued.
..mn -1 - * ... .'. r
(ion MINNA, COR EIGHTH-NEWLY FUR-
UU I nished bay-window rocm: $1 per week.
j.i-juion Mree..
609 MISSION— NICELY FURNISHED SUN-
-0_« ny front rooms: cheap; quiet place. X'jgjffijf
HANCOCK HOUSE, 781 MISSION: PELECTr
family rooming-house: $1 50 tostj per week.
Pine Street.
m PINE-SUNNY ROOMS FOR GENTS;
OLA $5; board If requited; references: private.
/•••Ol PINE— ROOMS $4 UP; EN SUITES OR
O— 1 single; sunny; running water: grate; quleu
Post street.
QQ/J POST-NICELY FURNISHED SINGLE
0O"i rooms; c.eau; quiet; $6 to $8 month.
000 POST— ELEGANT FURNISHED ROOMS,
-.— bath, hot and cold water. $8; sunny suites.
1 owe- 1 Sireet.
THE WILLISFORD, 212-214 POWELL— NEW-
Iy furnished sunny rooms; telephone.
Rausch Street.
On RAUSCH, BET. SEVENTH AND EIGHTH
00 —Nicely furnished large front room; $5; Ger-
man fam ly. y y :
hcconii Street.
1 T C SECOND — CLEAN* SUNNY FUR-
XIO nished rooms, $1 to $3 per week.
tli. ni s ree..
THE PIEDMONT, 119 a SIXTH— NICE SUN-
ny rooms: modern convenience*).
Miikinn Place.
THE EUROPEAN, 17 STOCKTON — FUR-
nisbed rooms $1 50 to 52 50 per week: suites
$3 50 to 88 per week; by night, SOc to $1 50; hot
and cold water; elevator: transient.
Sutter Street. .
0-| C SUTTEE-LARGE AND SMALL FRONT
OAO rooms; dressmaking parlor or offices.
Taylor Street.
1 AQ TAYLOR-LARGE ROOMS: $1 75 AND
AUo $2; sunny single, $1 25 and $1 50 week.
ii. lrn Mreo;.
1 7 THIRD-QUIET HOUSE; FURNISHED
I i rooms. Transient and Information Bureau.
OUO THIRD— SUNNY IRONT BO MS FUR-
—DO nished for housekeeping; single rooms
$1 25 a week.
Turk Street.
II ft' L ARGE SUNNY SUITES,
AAU handsomely furnished: single.
miscellaneous. .
GENTLEMAN TO SHARE 3 NICELY FUR-
nished rooms; $5 a month. G. D. H., box 28,
Call Office. * -*:* --
BOARDING- AND BOOMS.
FEW SUMMER BOARD*- WANTED AT
254 East Sixteenth &v, East Oakland.
ROOM FOR 2 GENTLEMEN WIiH BOARD;
Germau home cooking; $5 a week. 625 Valen-
cia st.
71 9 POS I -_ LARGE SUNNY ROOMS, WITH
I A— board. for 2: $18 ea. up; use parloraad piano
AA 9 EDDY — LOVELY FRONT SUNNY'
TT- rooms, wltn board; for 2, $40 a month
OfjQ VAN NEtS AYE.— NEWLY FUR-
Oc/O nisbed tunny rooms or suite, with board.
HOTEL BKRTLING, 714 BUSH— A FAMILY
hotel: refer nces; all modern conveniences;
Ralston tables, if desired: new management. ,
CHILDREN BOARDED.
PLEASANT HOME FOR CHILD AT 1727 Mc-
Allister St.: fine care;, terms reasonable.
GERMAN LADY WISHES BABY TO BOARD:
good home. 435Va Hayes st.
IJLEASANT HOME IN TH.. COUNTRY FOR
A a child; must have reference; board reason-
able. Address G. R, Lafayette, Contra costa
County, Cal.
VTICE HOME FOR 2 CHILDREN; MUSIC.
Ai and close to good school: $10 per month. Ad-
dress MRS. E. L. BILLI*-, Golden Gate, Alameda
< ounty, Cal.
STORES TO LET.
TO LET-CIGAR STORE, WITH FIXTURES;
rent cheap. 1739 Mission, near Fouiteenth.
BASEMENT; PLUMBER OR PAINTER 600
Kearny St., cor. Sacramento. ?**_.'.• ",.:
ONE OF THE BEST FRUITSTORES IN THE
Mission. Apply UMBSEN A CO., 14 Mont-
gomery st.
BUTCHER-SHOP, FIXTURES; $.0 MONTH.
JNO. T. GRAHAM, cor. Twenty-seventh ana
Alabama sts.
STORE AND 3 LIVING-ROOMS. SE. COR.
Page and Lyon sis.; rent cheap.
LARGE STOKE, 2 SHOW WINDOWS AND
4 large rooms; rent only $22 60. 422 Sixth.
A A 7 THIRD-2 ROOMS AND BASEMENT;
ill also tlat. Apply 41 "V 2 Third st.
HOUSES.
F~Or"l*Al_3-^"b_T''>^
sound; In good condition; Al roadster; single
or double. Olympic Stables, 503 Sutter st.
SHETLAND AND SADDLE PONIES, Busi-
ness and roadborse. 605 Golden Gate aye. * **g
(Til HORSES FOR SALE: WAGONS AND
OU harness, atcar stables, 721 Howard st. : auc-
tion every Tuesday.
AUCTION SALES EVERY SATURDAY AT
11 o'clock of horses, buggies, wagons, harness,
etc. Emporium saies yards, 220 Valencia st., S.
WATKINs, auctioneer.
Aft HORSES FOR SALE; ALSO WAGONS.
lv buggies, carts, harness: Grand Arcade Horji
Market, 327 sixth st. : r.nctioa sales every Wed-
nesday. SULLIVan iDO VLE. Auctioneers.
L EIBOLD HARNESS COMPANY; 500 SETS
of good harness, our own make, of every de-
scription, for less money than yon can buy Eastern
trash; send for catalogue. 110 McAllister su, S. F.
cri HEAD OF HORSES SUITARLE FOR ANY
OU businesi 900 to 1500 pounds. Old Turk-sU car
stables. 1301 Turk: team of lartre young mules.
WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
NEW AND SECOND-HAND BAKER LAUN-
_i dry and milk wagon: also fine top buggy and
rockaway. b2B Harrison st.
9=9f» MISSION — -SUBSCRIPTION'S AND
_.O_.U want ads taken tor Thb Call.
SEWING MACHINES.
■VTEW $65 SINGER'S FAMILY SEWING-
-i machine for sale: $25. 3372 Twenty -second.
EWING MACHINES BOUGHT. SOLD
SEWING MACHINES BOUGHT. SOLD
rented and repaired. 145 Sixth s . I. S. COHEN
EOR SALE-MISCELLANEOUS.
LOVELY DIAMOND SCREW EARRINGS
for $35, cost $75. Uncle Harris. 16 Grant aye.
SECOND-HAND SHAFT, PULLEY AND
be ting for sale. 827 Hampshire st
HoRoUtiHBRED GR AT DANE PUP;
winning stock; must be sold. 17 Hyde st.
(*n»r* -SECOND-HAND SEWING-MACHINES;
<U?0. repairing all kinds. 1915 Mission st.
OR SALE-CHEAP; NOTI AND VARI-
A 1 ety store; rent $12. 1901 Hyde
-I 7-HORSE-POWI ENGINE, 1 4-HORSK.
A power engine, with oiler, gas-engine, lathes,
planers and shapers. 515 SixthsU
L. ARS BACK BARS, MIRRORS, SHOW-
X) cases, counters, i linoleum, office furniture,
store and office furniture and * fixtures, new and
second band. J. Nt ON AN, 101V-101U-1021-Jo*«
Mission st, above Sixth. . r <*.v- : ;
A FES— AND SECOND-HAND. 609
Market st. . : ; ■
6 -FOOT PORCELAIN BAT HVUBS $10 EACH;
in periect order. H. 8. WHj**'E, 516 Mission
BUILERS.ENGINES.2D-H AND MACHINERY
water-pipes.. Mcintosh A Woipman, 137 Beala
COFFEE MILL. SCALES, LETTER PRES*
stand desk, money till, safe: cheap. 102 Clay.
BARS, SHOWCASES, COUNTERS. BHKLV-
I * ing, etc., bought and sold. 1063 Mission, nr. 7th,
ARGE DOUBLE COMPARTMt*_*«X COIN
bank safe; cheap. . Mission su
ATEW ELMWOOD RANGES ARE THE BEST.'
i\ W. X RAY MFG. CO. 12 California su ,
NE SMALL MEDIUM AND LARGE-SIZB
tire and burglar proof safa 109-111 Market as.
IJ RANCH OFFICE OFTHE CALL, 167 NINTH
JA su: want ad.t and subscriptions taken. *
PROFESSIONAL CARDS. •
JOHNE. RICHARD^ LAW OFFICES. ROOMU
20 and 27, Crocker Mulou** teivpnwue Mmm
'6, ban Franciscan Cai. . ,
PERSONALS.
WILL FRANK J. SHEEHAN LEAVE HIS
address with his brother-in-law, HARRY
WITTE, 29 Paciiic st.
OING TO THE SPRINGS— EH? *
No use. RHEUMATISM and BLOOD
TROUBLES cured at DR SMITH'S ELECTRO-
MAGNETIC BATHS. More convenieu , htlf the
expense, permanent cure; needn't so away from
home to be cured; hygienic board; sunny rooma
batiitarium, 1533 BUC. .AN AN ST.
TELEPHONES.
KLEIN'S Electrical Works, 421 Montgomery.
If interested send for catalogue.
MASSAGE TREATMENT GIVEN* BY MRa
Rose, formerly at the Hammam Baths: ladies
only; hours 9to 9. 17 Eou^ su, room 1.
ME. ROLLAND HAS RETURNED AND
located par.or 1, 223 Post St.; pa mist.
W AN i ED-OLD GOLD FOR MANUFACTUR-
»» ing. O. NuLTE, jeweler, 222 (,'Farrell St.
SUPERFLUOUS HAIRS REMOVED BY
electrolysis. MR. DE WELCH, 2115 Bush.
SUITS TO ORDER ON INSTALLMENTS: $1
a week. N.Y. Tailoring Co., 115 Kearny. upstairs
I>HEUMATISM CURED OR MONEY RE-
JLt funded ; poor treated free. 305 Eddy st.
-HUF.-CHMIDT, SANITARY PLUMBER,
. gasfitter. 623 Golden Gate Tel. Sutter 471.
me:, MYRTLE potter removed from
1362 Market st. to 33 Sixth, room 17.
ISS PEARL HARRISON, FORMERLY 223
Fost s;., removed to 12 Ji/2 Geary, room 2.
IVORCE AND ANNULMENT OF MAR-
riage; legal everywhere: terms and payments
obliging. Address lockbox F, 1538 Market St.,
Sau Francisco, Cal.
A DY'ICE FREE; DIVORCE LAW* A BPKC-
. ialty; private; no fee without snceess; pro-
bate, insolvency, wills, collections, - bills of sale'
damages, etc. private detectives: estab. 10 years.
G.W.HOWE, at.yal-iaw, 850 Market.cor.Stocktn
SPECIAL AND LAST CLASS OF SEASON IN
(dressing and manicuring begins Monday,
April 26: half rates given. Up-To-Date Parlor.,
1026 Marketsu, over The Wonder. TeL Mint 1595
STERILITY' AND IMPOTENCY
0 (ail cases), all 10 ms of seminal and leucor-
rhoeat diseases and weakness permanently cured
hi* a tourse of DR. SMITH'S ELECI'RO-MAG-
NETIC BATHS; very little expanse too: hygienic
board, sunny SAN'lTAP.lUM.l s33 Buchanan.
1 RUNKENNESs- CURES GUARANTEED.
IJ Gold Cure, Sacramento, Cai. ; 26 Page st., S.F.
CABINET BATHS FOR LADIES AND
KJ gents. ALICE FAY', 128 Seventh su, top fla:.
* RE YOU SATISFIED WITH YOUR HAIR-
-.'V dresser? Have you tried L-derer? My nalr-
dressing cost? only 25c for any style (only one
price), and is easily the best in town; swi.ches
run from $1 to $3; bleaching roots of hair, 50c;
restoring gra7 or bleached hair, from $1 50 to $5.
G. LEDERER, 111 SiOCKton su
ACIAL BLEMISHES, WRINKLES, SMALL-
pox plaints and superfluous hair removed by
latest discovery; suuken eyes and cheeks tilled
out; baldness cured. MRS. E. KING, 624 Sutter.
"IT-INE BLACK SUIT; $12 50. MISFITCLOI'H-
X 1 ing parlors, 513 Monlgomer/ su
1 fin/I BUSINESS CARDS PRINTED, $160;
IUUU wedding work. HILL, 22V« Geary su
HOME, A FRIEND AND MOTHER'S CARE.
MRS. UK. FUNKE. 1416 Eighth su, Alameda.
RY US ON YOUR NEXT SUIT: MODERN
tailoring; lowes: prices. 216 Kearny, upstairs.
JOSEPH GREVE.-.'S OPERA SCHOOL FUR-
nishes solos, duets, quartets or entire opera acts
lor the professional stage, ana for oratorio, concert
or chiin-b as well, on shortest notice. Murphy
building, M.rket and Jones, rooms liT and 122.
ELIABLE AND EFFICIENT DETECTIVE
service. Rcoms 19. 20 and 21, Chronicle oldg.
BIG OUTDOOR STEREOPTICON t-HoW EVE-
ry night cor. Market and Sixth sts. ; artistic ad-
vertisements ln living light; promoters of busi-
ness. consult OWL ADV. CO.. 1140 Marketsu
PARTINGTON'S SCHOOL ;OF MAGAZINE
1 and Newspaper Illustration: particulars as 10
terms, etc., 424 Pine au: illustrations lurniabed
for magazines, newspapers, eta
UPTURE AND PILES CURED: NO PAY
until cured: send for book. DRS. MAN**
HELD A PORTKRFIELD 838 Market sU
ELECTRIC LIGHTS IN EVERY ROOM:
Winchester Rouse. 44 'Third sU, nr. Market:
200 rooms. 25u to $1 60 per night: $1 60 to $6 pec
week; tree bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
CALQAKS. FURS A-« ■> bill*.-. RETAILED A.*'
> wbolesala prices. T'Rotor-***. "0 Sansomssu
*
DRESSMAKERS.
I V _ | _^. |J^__ | _. _„___.,_ _,__..^ l _^_,^ A^ . l „_„^_^-__ l^_. ur , J^., J
DRESSES $2 UP; CAPES $1 UP; WRAP
pers 50c up. 431 Minna su
CLAIRVOYANTS.
WHAT IS YOUR VOCATION?
HAVE YOU PROSPERED?
WHAT ARE YOUR HOPES?
Mrs DR. F. CLARK will lift tbo dark veil of
your future life: she gives you valuab, e ADVICE
and AID In all affairs of life, of private as well as
I of business nature as, lor instance, pertaining to
I Love, Matrimony, Friendship, Business, Lawsuits,
Contested Wilis, Divorce. Damage Suits. Mining.
She discovers lost or stolen property, finds burled
treasures, prevents sickness misfortune; recon-
ciles the separated, thus restoring lost happiness.
Every person It adapted to some particular busi-
ness, profession or 1 rude, which may Justly be term-
ed thei true vocation, and yet more luan half of
you are fighting against an unknown fate tor fame,
lortune and position which you do not and cannot
obtain until you find your true vocation. Hours. 9
to 6 dally. send stamp for circular and special
terms. MRS. Dl!. F. CLARK, 1206 Ma. keu S. F.
I "DOOMS CROWDED ~
v AND EVERYBODY SATISFIED-
TELLS FULL NAME.
ASKS NO QUESTIONS.
MRS. NASH,
CLAIRVOYANT AND MEDIUM.
This celebrated medium, the clairvoyant of all
clairvoyants, who sees ii all, tells you ail and In-
stantly elves you peace and happiness. 1 never
ask a question, but before you utter a word I tell
your name, names in full of ali that you are inter-
ested in, all dates, ficts, etc. I tell you who are
true to you and who are false, what hopes you
may have winning your desires and what obsta-
cle* are in your way and how, to remove them.
How to make the best of your talents and pros,
per. How to get money. I find lost articles and
locate hidden treasure. Before en ering into busi-
ness, law, divorce or marriage consult me. Drive
away evil speils, stumbling blocks, bad luck and
habits, and overcome all evil woiks, rivals and
enemies. I never fail. I- have brou.ht about
j more happiness than all oth.r mediums, others
are be helped: why not you? If you are going 10
see a medium, why no. see the very best? It cists
no more. Not 1 ing to be paid in advance, and if
not entirely satisfactory nothing at all. Do you
I desire anything fairer than thnt? Residence, 420
Eddy su, between Leavenworth and Hyde. Office
hours: 9 a. M. to 8 p v.
LADIES RECEIVED ONLY-
N. R— No signs. Permanently located.
MISS VAN DE VERE CE LEBRATi.D PALM-
ist, trance medium; if there is anything you
wish to know, any acsire o: your hear: ungratifled,
consult one whose power has my tie i the most
SKeptical; she not only possesses the unborn eift
of simi clalrvoyancy, but studied for years with
masters in occultism, and guarantees satisfaction;
"Napoleonic" charms m ake you infallible in love
and business. 1 Fifth sU. parlors 1, 3 and Ba.
\,T* OST WONDERFUL OF THEM ALL, MME.
-l»» Lb NORMAND, life reader, hometrlst;
readings 25c; life charts, show what and whom to
avoid and the periods in life 10 make money;
only 32 50; readings by mall, 60a 1 Polk St.,
near Markeu;
_
ME. DR THOMAS, SCIENTIFIC REVEAL,
er by eggs and cards; tells entire Ufa, past,
present, future; consultations on all affairs: noth-
ing excepted; names given; good advice; sure
help: restores lost love by sympathy; mistake im-
possible: fee $1: letter $2. 929 Post su, nr Larkin.
ME. MELBOURNE. GIFTED CLAIRVOY-
ant; never falls; call and be convinced. 419
Geary su, room 22, second floor: 25c and 50c.
ME. MOREAU, BEST FORTUNE-TELLER,
medium, card-reader; 26c up. 764 Howard st.
CONSULT LUCKY MEDIUM; READS FROM
cradle to grave: 25c. 41 Minna, basemenu
MRS. MELVILLE, WELL-KNOWN CLAlR-
voyant, 51 Fifth St.: water readings specialty.
ME. RAVINA READS LIFE FLUENTLY:
business advice; names given: 25c up.s Fourth.
ME. PEARL RAYMOND, FROM THE
East; magnetic treatments. 7 Grant ay., rs.7-8.
G I YPSY LIFE READER 3 SEVENTH ST.:
r ladies 25c, gents 60a; all questions answered.
VJ ME. SYBILLE TELLS FROM CRADLE TO
JU grave .pictures given ; ladles 914 o'Farrell.
SPIRITUALISM. s
MRS. MAYO STEERS, 112% OAK: CIRCLES
Tuesday, 8 p. *l, Thursday, 2 p. m.; readings.
AM. FRANCIS, INDEPENDENT SLATE
J_L. writer. 118 Haight st.: hours 9 until 6p. m.
MBH. C. i. MEYER/-TESTCIR. 2 AND B P. M:
tests to all; 10c::, 'sittings. 326 McAllister su
I>EMOVAL- FRED EVANB, THE 81.ATE-
Ji writing medium, is now located at 1122 MarkeL
RS. J. J. V HITNEY, t-PIRITU A L MEDIUM,
for messages and advice. 218 Siockton st.
HYPNOTISM.
HYPNOTISM CURES WHEN ALL ELSE
fails: a"«o taughu Hypnotic Inst.. 6 O'Farreß
'■*• - '-■'•■■ . : .* WRITERS. ,'-
WANTED-SMITH PREMIER IN „ Ex-
TT change for; lady's solid-gold watch. A. W.,
box 38, this office. -^
CITY REAL ESTATE.
FLAT FOR SAI E— MODERN FLAT, BENT-
ed: 3 years old: has been but 1 month vacant
since bui.t: owner about to leave city: small pay-
men down*, is now an 8 per cent investment on
$7000 and is rapidly improving in value. Address
C. N., box 139. Call. .j : yyj
MUST BE SOLD AT ONCE; OWNER GOING
East; no offer refused: prominent busi iess
_ corner on 20th St.; lot 25x104; store and rooms:
' flat above; . ail in good condition : cost $4700 only
4 months ago: this will be a bargain for some one;
don't delay. Address at once K. M., tox 39, CalL
ELEGANT COTTAGE OF 5 ROOMS, BATH,
with attic, for sale on 25th su. bet. banchez.\nd
Noe. a. PETRY, builder and owner; residence
1021 tranche* st.
•st('7*\/l RENTS $81 PEK MO., OR IS PER
■jjpil I OU, ceut net; .ot 40x75; 6 flats: N. side
Silver su, nr. 3d; must be sold immediately.
StAQfift RENTS $42; 4 FLATS ON CLARA
*©— OUU. st , nr. 4th: street done: this is the
best little Investment -on: of Markeu
$77 -"-A " ELABORATE FLATS JUST
i i OU , completed and rented for $70 per
month: choice location in Western Addition; this
is a bargain. ■■'■■■'/ x *•**.**
C. P. TROY JR. * CO., 630 Market St.
PACIFIC HEIGHTS NEW HOUSE-2420
Gough sU, near Broadway; contains 8 rooms
and batb: all the latest improvements; price
$7000; on easy terms. .yj
flljnO PvOH CITY BUSINESS PROPERTY:
«J)_.o.*Jl'U. income $1800 a year, for sale: no
agents. E. D., box 104, Call Office. <^-
fl-.Q-nri/Y EASTLAKE COTTAGE, 330 hill
»Jj OUUU. St., nr. Castro: 6 large rooms, bath
and basement; lot 25x114; partly mortgaged;
mortgage can remain if desired: good neighbor-
hood ; place not lar^e enough for present owner.
App y BKIGDEN A TLRNEY, cor. Kearny and
Commercial; make offer.
I»^AA CASH, balance SAME as RENT,
-(P :jUU for new house; sunny side of Cole at.,
near Waller: size of lot 25x125; contains 8 rooms
and all modern improvements. '• .-■•-■-.-..; ■:-
-i ' ■■*-■-
MONEY TO LOAN.
BORROW MONEY* ON* YOUR WATCHES,
diamonds a.id jewelry at half the interest you
pay eisewhere. CUT RATE LOAN Ot-FICE,
room 7, Fiood building, entrance 809 Market st.
A LOANS ON FURNITURE OR PIANOS,
.. In S. P., Oakland or Alameda, at lowest rates;
without removal: no commissions: no delays.
J. NOONAN, l'Jl7to 1023 Misslou au, above sixth.
tele phono Jessie 41.
HIGHLY' RESPECTABLE AND PRIVATE
place to obtain liberal advances on diamonds
and jewelry of the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store, 948 Market et.: telephone Green 204.
CJjO/ifl (\i\i\ AT 6 ** / 2 PER CENT ON CITY
•tIP DUU. UUU real esiate; also Oakland: estate*,
life Insurance, second mortgage, any sum. Man-
hattan Loan Co., 10 Mills buildin-, ground floor.
ANY AMOUNT; IST. '_D*OE 3D MORTGAGE**
estates, undivided interests, real estate in pro-
bate; furniture and pianos without reiuovaL
UcCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery su. room 3.
WHY PAY HIGH INT. ON" t-MALL LOANS'
'V We loan at 55c Interest per mo. on each $10!)
on 2d mortgage; any security. Gold, box 4, CalL
-JJIQOX ftO-fIAT BANK RATES: IST AND
HpO~jO.UUU 2d mortgages, estate**, rents, eta:
lend as iow as $50. H. MURPHY, 62*1 Marketsu
ON FURNITURE; VERY LOW INTEREST:
no commission. SCRIBNER 7 City Hall aye.
LOANS ON REAL ESTATE, BONDS, ETC.;
lowest rates, by MCAFEE BROS, 108 Montgy.
MONEY TO LOAN ON* CITY HEAL ESTATE:
any amounu WILLIAMS, 214 Pine su, r. 3.
a. I nO.OOO ON LIFE INSURANCE POLICIES
-©IU low lnteresu JOS. B. 1 OPLITZ, 33J Piue.
Cjr-f*, TO $50,000; LOWEST RATE; IST & 2D
<pOU mortg.: any proposition. Dryaen, 413 Mont
ANY SUM, IsT OR 2ND MORTGAGES, Es-
tates in probate, etc. Km. 7, 508 California, su
ON PIANOS AND FURNITURK WITHOUT
removal: very low Interest. 116 McAlli-iter su
FINANCIAL.
W ANTED-EUROPEAN PREMIUM BONDS,
list d or unlisted stocks, gold, silver and
quartz bought and assayed. F. EPHRAIM CO.,
6^B Markei su, opp. Palace Hotel, S. F.
■ i ' ' — — __ — — —— -_^_ -_—
MEDICAL.
ALL CASES OF MONTHLY -SUPPRESSION
(from whatever cause) restored In a few
hours; safe and sure at any time: instant relief for
travelers; home ln confinement: best care and
privacy: regular physician; 30 years' euccessfui
practice: my celebrated remedies for monthly
suppression never fall: every case guaran teed icon-
snliallon free, confidential: hours 10 to 6; pills sL
MRS. DR. WYETH, 916 Post su, near Larkla.
K. J. 11. JO-SELYN. THE GREAT SPECIAL-
-Ist, still offers bis valuable services to the un-
! fortunate. With a mind ma. ured and enriched by
- studies of an advanced order, there is hardly a
disease ln tbe catalogue of * human ills he cannot
■ treat to a perfect cure. Ladles, he Is always ready
' to assist you. His knowledge has been strength-
I ened by extensive experience. No case peculiar
to yourdelicate organism Is beyond his snre con-
trol. His female monthly remedies are sure and
safe In their effects, His tried and valuable reme-
! dies for lost manhood are never-falling In their
action, and are warranted for both young and old.
He excels all others in the cureof private diseases.
Over SO yea^s of practice enables bim to warrant
a enre in all cases. Consultation parlors. 9U6
Market su Call or w rite direct to 906 Markei su,
rooms 11 and 12. '.;
PROCESS THAT IS PERFECTLY HARM-
less; never falls In any case of monthly sick-
ness, no motter what cuu-e*. no eleciriclty bum-
bug or other dangerous methods; money la' every
case refunded if a cure is not effected: travelers
helped Immediately; years' experience; home la
confinement with sanitarian convenience. Con-
sult free the only reliable physicians, DR AND
MRS. DA VIES, 14 McAllister su, next Hibernia
Bank: hours. 9 a. m. to 6 and 7 to 8 p. if.
A LL LADiES USE
RENARD REGULATING WAFERS.
An infallible core. For further particulars call
or send 2c stamp to Pacifi.- Coast Agency.
RK-ARD MEDICAL CO., 823. Spreckels build-
ing, 927 Market su, & F., Cal.
PROCESS THAT NEVER TAILS TO BK-
store every case of monthly sickness from
whatever cause In a few hours when medicines
end others have failed; no instrument, used;
many years' experience: every case guaranteed;
advice free; terms reasonable; flrst-clsss private
home for confinement MRS. DR. DALEY, 1126
Market sL. over the Owl Drugstore. ;.""-," tV'A-
NEW PROCESS— NO MEDICINE OR IN-
strument used: every woman her own physi-
cian for all female troubles, no matter from what
cause; restores always in one day; tan be sent
and used at home; positive cure; genuine new
process can only be had at my office: any other is
imitation, worthless. DR. POPPER 318 Kearny.
R FOULET'S FRENCH CAP ULES —A
guaranteed absolute cure for all fema'e dis-
j ease* (no matter what cause); positive safe and
I sure; no danger or after effects; taken in time it
! also ac as a preventive; price $150 per box;
sent free by mall on receipt of prica WALLER
BROS., 33 Grant aye. _^
RAND MRS. WEGENER 626 EDDY ST.:
DR. AND MR* WI- OENER 626 KODY ST.:
private home; every comfort; separate rooms
before and auring confinement ; female complaints
skillfully treated; regular physician -. quick relief
for travelers: best care; terms moderate: babies
adopted In good families: consultation free; pills $'._
RR GOODWIN SPECIALISTS, LADIES
near or far; safe, quick cure guaranteed, any
disease or complaint: home for patients: best skill.
tree diagnosis: low fees: self-cure. 401 Van Ness
LPEAU'S FRKNCH PILLS— ABOON TOLA- '.
dies with female troubles; nodanger; safeand
sure; $2 60 express C. O. D.; don't delay until too
late. OSGOOD BRO*i, Coast Agents. Oakland;C*L
* bURE CURE FOR ALL FEMALE. DIS.
J\- eases from whatever causa; a home la con-
finement with every comfort; satlsfactlou guar-
anteed by MRS. GWYER, 226 Turk su
ILL FEMALE COMPLAINTS AND DlS-
_"_ eases of the eye permanently cured at MRS.
DR. SCOTT'S, 410 Geary st ; consultation free.
V PRAE'S FEMALE REGULATING PILLS:
safe and efficient emmenagogue: $1 per box.
RICHARDS & CO., druggists. 408 Clay st., sole ag***-*,
NsUKPAfSED REMEDIES FOR FEMALE
troubles, diseases. MRS.DR. PUETZ. 25 -iy a 4th.
I ,R HALL, 14 MCALLISTER STREET, N_.__4
XJ Jones. Diseases of women ana children.
PROPOSALS.
SAN FRANCISCO, APRIL 6, 1897.-SEALED
proposals, iv triplicate, will be received here
un.i 12 o'c ock it. May 5, 1897, and then opened,
for the construction 01 a forage storenouse a:, Pre-
sldl >of SairFraiicisco, Cal. Government reserves
right to reject or accept any or ail bids in wno c or
in part. Preterence given , to articles of domestic ;
production, conditions of price am quality ( n- I
eluding In the price of foreign productions the
duty tuereon) being equal, an 1 such preference
given to articles of American production produced
on the Tactile Coast 10 the extent of consumption
required 1 y the public service there. Information
furnished n «pp icatiou to the undersigned. En-
velopes containing proposa's should be indorsed
"Proposals for forage storehouse a ■ Presidio of san
Francisco,' al ." and addressed to J.* S. M. MOORE,
Assistant master-Genera], Chief Q. M. ■■..'
-. ;,' ATTORNEYS- AT-E AW. .:;".'-.'
ADVICE FREE; DIVORCE LAWS A SPEC-
ialty; private; no fee without success: probata,
Insolvency, willa collections, bills of sale, deeds,
damages, etc. private detectives: estab. 10 years.
G. W. HOWE. 850 Market st. corner Stockton st.
ADVICE FREE; NO CHARGE UNLESS suc-
cessful. W. | W. DAVIDaON, 1 927 Market su
W. KINO. ATTORNEY-AT-LAW, CHRON
• icie building; advice tree; low tees; all cases
'' '^" " "' '' J
COUNTRY REAL ESTATE.
CAA ACRES OF THE 81-RNAL ESTATE,
OUU being a portion of th- Rancho del Valle de
San Jose, situated 2 mil -s from Sunol. in Alameda
County:, this property hai been subdivided In
small -tracts ranging from 7i^j to 15 acres; only
I'A hours bi- rail from San Francisco.*
* Thisiand Is well adapted 10 fruit-raising, garden-
ing, poultry, etc.; location and climate desirable
and healthful.* *-.^sPnMflnMWnHtß_9axi
'I his prop rty has never been put on the market
bef.ire a* d the prices are away below any such
lands offered for sale in the vicinity of San Fran-
cisco; now is j our opportu ity to get 10 acres o
choice land for $500. hor full pir.icul rs adlress
GRIFFITH. CLARKE A Co., 19 Montgomery st.
fl_7K/V 10 ACRE- IN LAKE CO., */*, MILE
«IP 1 OV 1. from town: all level; fenced with pick-
ets: 5-room house, barn and outbuildings:* fine
well water, shade trees; nice home at a bargain.
$4.0. 160 acres, a miles from town: small
house: plenty of timber: spring water; 5 acres
cleared. c. F. MOORE, 935 Market St., room 4.
GREAT BARGAIN— B3 ACRES, $35 ACRE;
_. can oe divid»d: deep, rich soil: four flow
springs: several small improved places, cheap;
lameda Co., near city. Wri c H. J. DIGGLE,
69, Columbian building, San Francisco.
LITTLE HOME-. CLOSE TO TOWN"; IM-
1_ prove l: eas/ terms; also 4 to 12-acre pieces
on 8 and 10 years' credlu D. H. TWl»*_. So-
noma City; every Monday at 632 Market St., S. F
SONOMA COUNTY: LITTLE JiOM.S A Sl'E-
cialty. A. H. CHESSMORE, real estate agent,
Sonoma, Cal.
*£• Alt TO $80; MARIN CO. IMPROVED AND
•tprzU unimproved land: terms to suit; fruit, grain,
vegetables rail and water. R. 65, Cbronicle bidg.
ORCHEAPLANDANDSMALLMMPROVED
ranches, near town, write to W." L. FOSTER,
Kelseyville, Lake County, Ca .
(JjC AN ACRE: 1-.80 ACRES TIMBER; GOOU
tiyO for stock or fruit; plenty water. a. box 40.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— BROADWAY.
OAKLAND KEAL ESTATE.
Gs£ ( }Z.sf\(\ MODERN COTTAGE OF 6 ROOMS,
ti^JJOVJU. bath; lot 25x125; centrally located
on Market st. HUGH M. CAMERON, 479 Ninth
St., Oakland.
HOME TO RENT; COMPLETELY FUR-
ulshed: 3 or six month*; 9 rooms and bath:
within 6 m nines* wal<t of station-. lot 100x100.
Address E. G. J., 518' William St., Oakland.
•j>9*7' TO $350 EACH FOR l TS FRONT-
♦IP— ' O ing Adeline and Magnolia sts.. with all
ri-et work. done. HUGH M. CAMERON, 479
HI th st., Oakland. -
©I f)(\l WILL BUY 60 FEET FRONT
dpXUUU near Piedmont cable, on Hamilton
place, top of the bill; street work done; a big bar-
gain; go ana seen. HUGH M. CAMERON, 479
Ninth st., Oakland. .'■■'■:
2-STOKY ROADHOUSE IN GOOD CONDI-
_■> tion, with several rooms, bedroom, barro.m,
large dining-room, nicely furnished: nice garden,
summer-houses; -tood loc ition for hotel or sum-
mer resort. Apply Call office.
SACRIFICE— MOD R.N" 7- ROOM COTTAGE; ;
O 1 bock of Ashny station; on Sl6ol*. M. L.
WURTc, opp. Dwight-way station, Berkeley. '.■
'CASH, $5 MONTHLY— LOTS $75 AND
*XpO upward; out of 33-acre Allendale Tract, East
Oakland, but 72 lots nnsold; will lull you 3. 4
and 5 room cotta c (modern) from $300 to $900,
lncltidin* lot: payment as rent; site, climate and
soil superb;. 3 eiectric roads and fine school near:
conveyance free. 459 .-.iuth st,* bet. Broadway
and Washington, Oakland. H. Z. JONES. Owner.
A 1 A A EACH. 4 LOTS MELROSE STATION
lUU Tract: streetcars and local trains; only
$1 down and $1 a week. H. R PINNEY, 902
Bioadwav, Oakland.
GET A CHOICE, HEALTHFUL HOMESITE
while prices are low; lots $100 to $150 at
Fitchburj***. beyond Frnltvale; the best property
for investment now offered; local trains and
electric cars: 10 minutes to Oakland and 49 to
San Francisco; splendid climate, out of damp
belt: soli excellent for gardening; very best water
facilities; good school: terms to suit. Betore buy-
ing In this locality see the owner of this property,
C. M. RUNKLE. Vlby^ \\ ashingtou sl, upstairs,
room 28, Oakland. Cal. •!.-*- _•
OAKLAND HOUSES TO LET.
oj>OZ. TO RENT; FURNISHED COTTAGE 5
■yP-JC/. rooms and bath: lot 75x200: lrult and
flowers; near electric-cars, etc. 1321 Twenty-
sixth aye., Fruitvaie. East Oakland.
OAKLAND FUKNISHED HOUSES.
FOP. RENT— FURNISHED HOUSE OF 12
F rooms on heights adjoining Oakland: 10 min-
utes walk from broad and narrow guage depots:
45 minutes to San Francisco: ren: tor 3, 6 or 12
months. HERON A HOLCOMB. 1050 Broadway.
OAKLAND FUBNISHED BOOMS.
T ARGESLNNYRO MS; GALINDO HOTEL,
J J Oakland: board opiionaL Sthst.. off Broadway.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENT*)
■T.A"tIKD\ H-.AL r'TATI.
(frOAAA COTTAGE OF 4 ROOMS AND
-©_.Ul/u. bath; large |lot; choice neighbor-
hood: 1 block from station: $100 cash and i-0
per month. JOSEPH A LEONARD CO., 1364
Park St.. laroeda.
BERKELEY KEAL ESTATE.
SNAP FOR A SMALL FAMILY— HOUSE OF
4 rooms; lot 35x100; fine windmill and tank;
splendid water; price $900. O. G. MAY A CO.,
Berkeley, Cal. ; 'AX*
•VIEW MODERN 5-ROOM i OTTAGE: \TH,
-L 1 mante., Dantry, laundry .'.stable, chic house:
sewered, f-nced; n-ar station; lot 40x100; $1500;
will exchange. W. C. MoRAN, Lorin, or F.
BOEGLE, Golden Gate. * :■**.*.'. •";•■*'*:-■■-..■' **. ■'**.
PKOPERTY TO EXCHANGE. ,
WANTED— TO BUY, A HOU«E: BEsT OF
»' location: beu Eddy and Bush sts; about
$6-00; Bor 9 rooms- J., box 48, Call cffice.
EXt HANGE FOR CITY, O KLAN UOR ALA-
medu; will pay equal difference; 480 acres; San
Luis 1 -blspo county: nil can be cultivated; 250
acres level; price $37 0.
. LEGAL NOTICES.
TSt-rY AND COUNTY TREASURY, SAN
\J Francisco, April 15 1897.— 1n compliance
with the provision* of sec. ion 5 of order 1698 of
tbe Boar.. 01 Supervisors, approved September 15,
1880, there will be aold at public auction by E. *■>.
Spear A Co., at their salesrooms, 31 and 33 Sutter
street, on
MONDAY, MAY 17, -' V-
At 10 o'clock a. it. sundry articles of stolen last
and unclaimed property recovered by the police
force of San Francisco, 1 s detailed In an inventory
thereof on file in the office of -.he clerk of the
Board of Supervisors, and consisting oi jewe.ry.
wearing apparel, pistol i. knives, etc.: also a lot
trunks, valises, clothing, etc.. property of deceased
persons received from the Corouerof this City and
County. Open for inspection on morning of sale,
A. C. WIDBER,
City and County Treasurer.
DISSOLUTION OF COPARTNERSHIP.
THE COPARTNERSHIP EXISTING BE-
tween FRED W. BLUMBKRG & CO AND
SCHLOSS _ BLUMBERG, doing an insurance
business at 431 Montgomery st., is dissolved this
day by mutual consent, Ihe office will le kept
open during the monlh of May for the settlement
of accounts. bENJAMIN SCHLO--S,
FRED W. BLUMBERG,
San Francisco, May 1, 1897.
HOTELS.
BROOKLYN HOTEL, 208-21. BUSH ST.,
board and room $1 to f 2 per dar. (6 to $14
per week; choice rooms 60 centa to $1; suite
rcoms tor family $1 to sl 50 per night: tirst-ciase
service; tree coach. CHARLES MONTGOMERY
BIRTIiS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
[Birth, tnarrla*;e and death notices sent br mill
will not Ie inserted. Tney must be handed In a;
either of tba publication offices and beindorssl
wiihthe name and residence of persons authorissJ
to have the same puoiishei. j
BORN. ,
OHRT-In thlscity. Ma 7 2, 1897, to the wifeof
Henry Ohrt, a daughter.
STA NGE-In thlscity, April 19, 1897, to the
■ wife of F. C. Stange, a rtau :hter.
HAKKIi-J,
LAWRENCE— SAVAGE-In this city, April 27,
1897, at St. Mark's Cathedral, by the Rev
Fatuer Kramru. Edward J. Lawrence of Cardiff,
. England, and Celia .-i. Savage of New Bruns-
i Wlc*.-
_________
DIED.
Armes, Edgar C ' ' Mazon?, Marie
Boole. Maude J. Nesbltt, Josepa R.
Britt in, Harriet M. Nusbaumer. 1 mil
Baxter, William M. O'Con Thomas
Curiey, Joan W. O'Neill, Edward J.
Curringston.-- '■** * Roden, Adolph G.
Gamble. John ' - Richards, Alonzo
- Gllmor, Elenor E. •- non. William •
Hirschkowltz, Morltz Schuster. Joseph F.
■ Hareus. Amy Bail , Fchroeder. John
Hogstram, Saddie Bulu van. Mrs. B.
Hall. EdwarcLTubbe - Spateuolts. Lester ■-
Hufschmidt, C. F. Taylor, Hon Clay W.
Kenefick. R Vaillant, Victorlne
McFarland, Majgie Well, _Ury J. .
Maloney, Maurice Yates, Annie L.
ARMES— In San Leandro, May 2, 18*»7, Edgar
C, beloved husband of Nel li Armes ai.l
brother of Clayton. William and George Armea
and Mri. Cbarles Reawlc-c, a native of Racine,
Wis. a 'ed 45 rears and '. months
3*"*rT_e funeral will take mace TO-MORROW
(Tuesday), at 1 o'clock p. m.. from bis ia resi-
dence. S.n Lorenzo avenue. ' Interment * Saa
Lorenzo Cemetery. * :■■:'.*
BOOLE— In i ttis city. May 2, 1897, Maude J.
Boole, beioved daughter uf-N. H. A. and i_
Mason, a native of California, aged 27 years.
BKITI'AN— In this City, April 30. 189?. at ihe
Occidental Hotel. Miss Harriet M. Brittan. for
fiity years a mi sionarv of the Protes ant Ems-
copal c hurch and. recently from Yokohama, a
native of New York City, aged 75 years. fNew
York- papers please copy, j
JKS" Funeral services will be held THIS DAY
(Monday), at 10 o'clock ,a. v., from Trinity
"Episcopal church, intermeut in lona church-
yad. Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
BaXTi-.R-i-i this city. May «. 1897, William
Macdonald, son of H.lda M. and Duke F. Bax-
ter, a.ed I year 6 months and 19 lavs.
CURLEY— In this city. May 1, 1897. John Wil-
liam, beloved son of Br dgetand the late Wil lam
Curie . and brother of .'1 homai P. Mart- J.,
Mary L. and .Nellie M. Curlty. a native of sail
i rancisco. aged 35 years.
$^*Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to at end Hi- funeral TO-MORROW
(Tuesday), at 8:30 a. it. from bis late resi-
deuce. SW. corn*-r of H.bert and Baker stn-tts,
thence to st Bridget's Church, where a solemn
requiem mass will be cc ebraied for the repose
of his- soul, commenciug at 9:30 a. X. In-
terment Mount Cavalry Cemetery. . .'
F. of A.— To the officer*! and members of Court
Pr sidlo No. 40, F. of A. : Yor are hereby noti-
fied to attend the fuueral of our fate brother, \
J. W. Curiey from blj lata residence, corner of
Filbert and Baker streets, TO-MORROW (lues-
day), at 8:30 o'clock a. m. Fines for nou-_t-
teudenC9 By ortle- W. W. TANNER, C. R.
Geohgie Morrison Jr., Ree. -sec. * ;
CURRINI.TON —in Oakland, April 30, 1897.
daughter of Joe and Annie Curring'.oa, aged 1
year and 7 months.
GAMBLE.— In Los Gatos, May 1. 1897. John Gam-
ble, a native of Belfast, Ireland, aged bO years.
GILMOR-In Colorado. April 16, 1597, Elenor E.
Gil mor, aged 71 years.
HIRSCHKOWITZ— In Santa Ana, April 29. 1897,
Morltz Htrschkowi.z, a native of Loebau, 'Ger-
many, aged 65 years.
HARENS-ln tnis city. May 2, 1897, Amy
Bell, infant daughter of William and Gretcben
Karens, 1 native of San Francisco, aged 1 year
and 4 months -
43"The funeral will take dace TO-MORROW
(Tuesday), at 1 o'clock p. m.. from the resi-
dence of ths parents, 243 Eighth street. Inter-
ment private.
HOGSTRAM — In thlscity, U&y I,' 1897.' Saddie.
beloved daughter of Gustavo and Anna i oui-*a
Hogstram anil sister of Ida, Maru, Ann... Jo-
hanna aid Karl Gustavo Hogstram. a native ot
California, uged 2_• ears 3 montus and 10 days.
HALL— In Oakland, May 1, 1897, Edward Tubbs.
beloved son tf E. M. Hail Jr. and Lillie 1. 11... .
4ST lune al services at home oi parents, cor-
ner Fifth avenue and cast Fifteenth street. Oak-
land, THI.-j DAY* (Monday), at a:3O o'c.uc*
p vi. Interment pnva.e.
HUFSCHMIDT-In Oakland. May 2, 1897, Clar-
ence F., beloved son of Henry and Christine
Hufschmldt, aLd grandson of Mr. and Mr. D.
Steffeus and Mr. and Mrs. Fred Hufschmidt of
San Francisco, a native ot Oakland, aged 2 years
7 month* and .8 days.
49* Fuueral and Interment private.
KENEFICK-In this city. May v, 1837, Bartho-
lomew, oe.oved husband of Mar*t*»rei and father
of Richard, Julia. Corue lot. Mary and Joan
Kenefick and brother ot Patrick Keaeiic't, a
native of the parish Tracion A boy, G-iuaty
Cork, Ireiant. axed 53 years.
o*s"Friends and acquaintances are respec-
fuily invited toattend the funeral TOMORROW
(Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock a.m.. from hi* lata
residence. 7.8 Capp s.reet. tienc: to -t. t'etei's
Churcn, where a requiem high mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of his soul, commencing at
9 o'clock a. _. Interment Mouut Calvary
Cemetery.
McFARLAND— In this city, May 1. 1897.Mag.ie.
beloved wife of Alexander W. McFarland. a
native of Nova Sco.ia. a^ed 42 years and 8
months. . . .'
Friends and acquaintances are resiec*-
fuliy invited to attend tn« funeral THIS. DAY
' (Monday), at 2 o'clock p. m.. from her late resi-
; stance. 48 Palmer .-.iree.. Inierment Cypren
Lawn cemetery by carriage. *v. - •■_ * »;-*: . ..* * •.
MALONEY— In this city, April 30. 1897, Maurice
M r.c.*, a native of Ireland, aged 50 years.
MAZONE— In this city, April 30. 1897. Marie Ma-
zone, a native of France, ased 26 years.
NESBITT— In this city, April 29, 1897, Joseph
Ro Up, beloved son of J. R. and Lizzie Nesout,
grandson of Mrs A Smiles, and nephew of J. R.
. aud W. T. Nesbltt and Dosia and J. and Mary J.
Smiles, a native of san Franclico, aged 3 years
10 months and 29 days.
Our love, our hope, our joy, be at rest.
Among the angels iv heaven and spirits of
tae blessed. me Parents
NUSRAUME*-In Oakland. May 1. 1897, Emil,
beloved son of Emil and Elsie H. Nusbaumer. a
native of Oakla d. aged Ili years 4 months and
29 days. [Rochester (N. V.), papers please copy,]
fiST Funeral services will be neld THIS DAY
(Mouday), at *. o'clock p. M.. from the family res-
idence, 1303 sixth avenue. East Oakland.
Interment Mountain View Cemetery.
O'CONNELL-In tbis city, M»y 1, 1897, Thomas,
belovedh sband of Ellen O'Connell and fa her
of i homas, Phenie and Willie Co i neli. Mr*.
R. Inghum, Mrs. J. Kelleher, the ate Mrs. A.
J. Sieagber and Margurei and Cornelius Con-
nell, a native of County Limerick, Ireland, aged
60 years,
4£ri-rlends and acquaintances are respect-
luliv lnviled to attend tne funeral THIS DAY
(Monday), at 8 o'clock a. if., from his late resi-
dence, 180 Lexington avenue, between
Eighteenth and Nineteenth, Mis-ion and Valen-
cia stree.s, thence io the Mission Dolores
Chunh, where a solemn requiem high mass ill
be celebrated ior the repese of his soul, com-
mencing at 9 o'c.ick a. if. Interment Mouut
Calvary Cemetery.
O'NEILL— In this city. May I, 1897, Edward J.
O'Neill, a native of Newmarket, County Clare,
Ireland, aged 57 years and *. montbs.
RODEN— In Alameda, April 29. 1397. Adolph G.
Roden. a native of 1!.*., .0ver, Germany, aged 64
years.
RICHARDS— In this city, May 1, 1897, Alonto
Richards, aged 50 years."
SINON— In thlscity, May 2, 1897, at his resi-
dence, 2015 Hyde street, William Slnon, be-
loved father of Margaret M. and William J. Slnon
and brother of Thomas Slnon, a native or ire-
land, aged 7 3 years. '
4SJ" Friends and acquaintances ars respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral TOMORROW
(Tuesday), at TO o'clock a. m., from his late
residence, thence to ISt. Bridget's Church, where
a solemn requiem mass will be celebrate 1
for the repose of his soul, commencing as 10:30
o'clock a. m, Interment Mount Calvary Ceme-
tery.
SCHUSTER-In this citr. April 29. 1897, Joseph
F. , beloved husband of Filommia Schuster, and
father of Joseph F., Lydia, Benjamin, Annie and
William ScnustiT, a native of Germany.
43" friends and acquaintances are hmos*:*.-'
fully Invited to attend the 'uneral TOMORROW
(Tuesday), at X o'clock p. it., from his late resi-
dence, 16 Tehama street. Interment L O. O. F.
Cemetery. TA-AA
SCHROEDER-In this city. May 1, 1897. John,
beioved husband of Barbara Schroeder, and
lather of Mrs. Emma Keilerher and John L.
and Jerome A. Schroeder. a native of Cincin- •
nati. Ohio, aged 51 years and 11 days.
Friend* and acquaintances arc resnea*-
fnli * invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Monday), at 1 o'clock p. m.. from the par-
lors of the Union Undertaking Company. 733
Mission street, near Third, ibeucrf to St. Paul*
Church. Twenty-ninth and Church streets, -.or
services, commencing at 2 o'clock p. m. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery.
F. of A.— the officers and members of Court
Eclip-e No. 14. F. of A.: • You are oereb? noti-
fied to attend the funeral of our late brother, J.
IX schroeder. frm the Union Undertaking Par-
lors, 73J Mission street, THIS DAY (Monday),
at 1 o'clock p. M- By order
a. J. ENEMARK, Chief Ranger.
T. E. Goodwin. Fin. Sec. '
fJULLIVAN-Iu Walkerville, . Mont., April 25,
1897. Mrs. B. Sullivan, a uatlve of County Ro--
' common, lrelaud.
SPATE HOLTS— In Detroit, Mich.. April 23, 1897-
Lester Spatehoits, a native of New York, aged
30 years. "-.*■'.
TAYLOR— In this city. May 3, 1897. Hon. Clay
Webster Taylor, beloved husband of Viola Tay-
tdr and father of Abbv and Bayard Taylor and
brother of Fred Taylor, a native of Michigan,
aged 52 years 7 months and 'JO daya
43-Fdiieral THURSDAY." May 6, 1897. at
' 2 o'clock p. m, from Maionlc Temple,' corner
Post and Montgomery streets. ,
VAILLANT— In San Jose. Cal.. May 1, 1897,
Victorlne, beloved wife of Charles Vaillant, a
native of France, aged 7 0 years.
43* Friends and acquaintances ars r»ioec*.-
fully Invited to attend the funural TOMORROW
(Tuesday), at 1:30 o'clock p. m., from her late
re*idem;d. 565 Orcuaid street, thence io St,
Joseph's Church at 2 o'clock p.u. Interment
Oak Hill Cemeiery. '■' •
WElL— in this city. May 1, 1897, Mary J-. be-
loved wife or Montz Weil, mother of Adolph L.
' Well and daughter of Mr. and Mrs. M. Poehl-
mann of Pe.atuma, a native of California, aged
«0 years. J.J
. -^-Friends and acquaintances are respsct-
fuliy Invited to attend the tuneral THIS OaY
(Monday), at 1 :30 o'clock P. M., from her late
residence, 1106 O'Farrell stree., between Frank-
lin and Gough. Interment LO. O. F. Cemetery.
YATES-ln mis city. May 1. 1897. Annie L.. be-
loved daughter of th- law A. J. Ya.es aid sister
or W. L. and R.J. Yates and Mrs. M. Butler of
Lower Lake, Lake County, a native of Colorado,
a^el B*J years-
' jfc^Frlends and acquaintances * are respect-
fu lv invited to attend the funeral* THIS UIV
(Monday), at 1 o'clock P. M., from her late
resuence, 3019 Fina s.reet. interment Cypress
Lawn cemetery. [Lake County papers mease
copy-] A-.. .-, ■■■ ■■ * ..-■■■*• ■ '■ "■•' ■-'"" - -
I .-■; WIcAVOY & CALLACHER, I
FUNKRAL DIRECTORS A EMBALMERS,
80 Fifth St.,' Opp. Lincoln School.
Telephone South 80. -
NOTICE.-THE BUSIN USS OF McAVOY
£ GALLA'-H It atti be conducted . at. the
eld and. No. 20- Fifth' street." for the -benefit
of the widow of the late HENRY J. GALLAG-
HER and bis sister, MISS ANNIE B. GALLAG-
H_,R. . : iiRS. H. J. GA.. LaGHER
'ANNIE B. GALLAGHKR
MOUNT OLIVET CEMETERY,
SAN MATEO COUNTY: NEAREST CEM3-
tery to the city ; non-sectarian; in no sense ex-
clusive location unexcelled. 00>ce VV7 Marie*
•ueed -ouiiieasi corner of sixth. -
910
CYCLERS
CROSS THE
RUBICON
They Race on Sunday
and Defy the
League.
PECULIAR POSITION OF
TEE RIDERS.
Barred Now Frcm All Sanc
tioned Eastern Race-
Meets.
ALL WERE WILLING TO TAKE
THE STEP.
A Large Crowd Attends the Opening
of the California Associa
tion's Venture-
• Sunday bicycle racing was inaugurated
at the Velodrome track yesterday and it
proved an undoubted success. Not only
were the contests fast and exciting, but an
immense throng of people crowded the ,
stands and cheered their favorites on to
victory. It was the largest crowd the Ye- [
lodrome had ever held, and the stands
were taxed to their utmost capacity.
It was a "swell" crowd, too, and the '
large number of ladies present added ;
color to the scene, for in the grandstand ;
they predominated. It was just such a :
crowd as attended the races last Christmas !
aud New Year's, only there were about
three times a« many yesterday as at any '
previous meet.
From a racing point of view the success ■
of this meet, the first attempt of the Cali- !
fornia Associated Cycling Clubs to hold a j
meet on Sunday, in defiance of the rules j
of the League of American Wheelmen,
was assured when the entry list was given ;
out the middle of last week, for with but
few exceptions all the cracks of the Stare
■were entered, and as the prize list was I
eood. they could ba depended upon to ride
for all there was in them.
This open violation of the L. A. W. ;
mandate against Sunday track-racing did ;
not mean so much to the amateurs, who
never ride outside their own State, as it I
did to the professionals, and particularly j
the speedier ones, who might be likely at !
any time to want a race on Eastern tracks,
and would be debarred by their participa
tion in any meet here not sanctioned by
the league. To a man with hopes of an ,
Eastern career it was a serious step, for if j
the California Association make a failure '
of the new move they will be out of the
* racing business tor good.
But the support of ail the clubs in the I
State and of everybody prominent in the
sport is behind the venture, and from ap- \
pearances yesterday it will succeed.
So the racing men who had the courage \
of their convictions and were willing to
risk all and stand or fall by the result are
feeling highly elated.
Ziegler, Jones and Coulter risked more
than the others, for Ziegler and Coulter
particularly have heretofore done all their
riding in the East, and Jones was eligible i
at any time by reason of his phenomenal j
DON'T TREAD ON
HIS COATTAILS
The Hindoo Brahmacharin
Considers It a Grave
Discourtesy.
He Gives His Version of the
Rumpus at the Woman's
Congress.
Mrs. John F Swift Says the Man Is a
Lunatic and Is Sorry That
He Came.
In future, should you chance to come
into contact with a Brahmin, don't jerk
bis coattails, or his gown, or robe, or
whatever he wears. He'll get hot if
you do.
It was just such a trifle as this that
caused the big row and that dreadful
scene at the Woman's Congress
Saturday night. At least, ihe
Hindoo Brahmacharin, who claims
he was grossiy insulted by the women in
congress, says that was the cause of it,
and he certainly must have had some rea
sonwhether imaginary or otherwise —
for rising up in his robes that night and
making the atmosphere of Golden Gate
Hall blue witb his almost hysterical de
nunciation of the whole show.
So Keep your hands off his clothes if
you would keep out of trouble.
The ladies who have been in the fore
kew to-oat:
Most Torturing, Disfiguring,
Humiliating
Of itching, burning, bleeding, scaly skin
and scalp humors is instantly relieved
by a warm bath with Cuticura Soap,
a single application of Cuticura (oint-
ment), the great skin cure, and a full dose
of Cuticura Resolvent, greatest of.blood
purifiers and humor cures.
(ptlcura
Remedies speedily, permanently, and
economically cure, when all else fails.
Pottm V *?? axo Chem. Cobp.. Sole Propi., Boaton.
Bar "How to Can Every Skin and Blood Humor," tree.
PIMPLY FACES Taii c&!St*l"Sss. V'
Scenes at the Eicyc'e R*ces at the Velodrome Track.
-peed. They are debarred now forever, j
but will find enough meets in this State to 1
keep them from growing stale.
If the meets continue to be successful, I
California will gradually become the
Mecca of cyclers from the East as welt as ]
the West.
The public likes short, snappy races as
a rule, and the card yesterday was made '
up to suit, there beins nothing at a fur- i
ther distance than a mile.
The most interest in the races was cen- !
tered on the professional events, and par
ticularly in the riding of Otto Ztegler Jr., •
said to be the greatest racer this State has I
ever produced, and who has a National |
reputation by reason of his wonderful
performances on Eastern tracks. He has j
not been seen in competition here in
three years, although he has ridden an
occasional paced exhibition.
Clinton Coulter, another National
: circuit champion, was big drawing :
card, particularly to those who remem- j
bered his performances of a couple of j
years ago in competition with Bald, !
Cooper and other Eastern cracks.
There were two professional and two
amateur events on the pro ramme, the
many preliminary and final heats furnish- j
ing a fine afternoon's sport. The first of '
the professional races was a handicap at
two-thirds of a mile, run in two heats and
a final.
In the first heat Coulter, Allan Jone*, j
A. M. Boyden, Frank Byrne and M Bleu
ler, the latter recently from France,
started, Bleuler being the limit man with
seventy-five yards handicap, which was
none too much, as he was soon caught '
: and passed. Coulter and Jones from the
scratch mark alternated pace and soon I
made up their handicaps, passing their
field and finishing in the order named. I
j Bayden was third.
Ziegler appeared for the second heat j
and was given a splendid reception, the
applause lasting for several minutes.
He started from scratch, of course, the
others. Davis, Slater, McCrea, Chapman j
and Elford, being on various marks I
ahead, Elford, the limit man, having j
eighty-five yards handicap. By a splendid •
tide Ziegler caught the field in two laps |
ground of the congress just close.! — that
is, the ladies who assumed the manage
ment, are very much shocked and crieved
in a smiling way over the affair of Satur
j day nieht which came so near terminat
i ing their meeting in a riot. And
the Brahmacharin, too, is still indignant,
for he is unable to see yet why he should
have been subjected to discourtesy, par
ticularly as he is a stranger in our City
I and unaccustomed to our ways and man
ners. While regretting the incident, he
still adheres to the belief that an apology
may be due him, and the ladies, on the
i other hand, say that the name of this
Hindoo priest will be expunged from
their record ana denied the privilege of
going down into history as a participant
in tbeir congress unless he squares him
self in some emphatic and abject manner.
in searching for an explanation of that
big rumpus one will find two versions,
and as distinct as day from night. When
the Brahmacharin delivered him«elf of
his "roast' ' on the congiess Saturday, he
simply vouchsafed that he bad been in
sulted and wished to resent it. He went
no further. Some people wondered what
had riled him, and others who knew held
their peace. /
■ But yesterday everybody was willing lo
talk, and did so. The Hindoo had com
pletely recovered from his fervor, but was
none the less positive that he was right in
wnat he did.
"In some respects I am sorry that it
happened," he said last evening, after his
return from Palo Alto, where he had
been lecturing to the Stanford students.
"But again lam not. The leaders who
had the congress in charge have only
themselves to blame for the scene. I did
not wish to come here in the first place,
but trey coaxed me. I was sojourning in
Los Angeles, and they wrote me letters
tellin**- me how delighted ihey would be
! to have me come and tell them something
about Oriental philosophy.
I permitted myself to believe that they
were serious that they really wished to
be enlightened and instructed— and I
came. I have found, however, that I was
I only called to talk to a lot of society folks
who neither listen nor think, and I am
sorry that I came.
"But I will tell you how it happened. I
i was specially invited to be present last
Thursday afternoon because a paper on
j 'Heredity' was to be read by Mrs. Helen
. Gardener, and I was supposed to reply to
I it. 1 did reply and that is what caused all
I the trouble. Mrs. Gardener's theories
j were diametrically .opposed to mine on
) that subject and I supposed I would be
j allowed the right to say so.
"Well, I got up and talked, and what
was the result?
"Why, despite my earnestness— because
I was saying what I Had been taught to
believe— lot of them began to snicker in
my face, and I could hear whispered com
j ments all around me.
I "I was speaking of our reincarnation
belief and our opposition to heredity, when
one of those women began to deliber
ately jerk my gown from behind,
doubtless meaning that 1 .should
desist. Such an insult I never had thrust
upon me before in my life, and I nope I
never shall again. Why.it they warned
me to stop talking, why did they not fay
so, instead of exhibiting such discourtesy ?
But at all events 1 kept my temper and
had my say. I was resolveu, however, to
tell them something before that congress
was over.
"My opportunity came Saiurday night.
I was down on the programme to read a
paper, and when my turn came I simply
arose and sa<d I would read no paper and
explained why I would not. I was per
fectly cool and calm and had no idea of
raising a disturbance. In fact I did not.
It was they who did it all. *.<
"I simply told them that I had been
treated discourteously — I said nothing
about their baring stepped upon the head j
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, MAY 3, 1897.
and sprinted on the third, having mis
calculated and thinking it was the end of
the race, when in fact he should Lave
ridden four. After passing the tape in the
lead on the third lap he stopped working
and sat up, and before he realized it tho
field went, by him liKe a shot ami lie was
left. McCrea won, Davis and Chapman
prising him closeh*.
This brought Coulter, Jones, McCrea,
Boydf n and Davis into the final. McCrea
and Boyden on tho long distance marks
set such a hot clip the others could not
overtake them, though they did not ap
pear to try very hard until tlie last lap.
McCrea won, Boyden second, and Jones
beat out Coulter and Davis for third
money.
In the first heat of the mile open, pro
fessional, Ziegler, Jones, Slater, Chapman
and Davis started. By alternatine the
pace-setting they moved along at quite a
lively clip for five laps, when Jones
jumped for the lead, closely followed by
Davis, Ziegler being neatly pocketed on
the inside. This order was unchanged at
the tape.
Coulter was by long odds the best man
in the other heat against McCrea, Boy
den, Elford ana Bleuler, ana won with
room to spare; Elford, the new profes
sional, who was recently a star amateur,
setting second place, Bleuler third.
By being third in the fastest heat Zieg
ler qualified for the final, the others be
ing the winners ana seconds, Jones,
Coulter, Davis and Elford. To make it
fast Chapman was put in to pace, and by
a pretty play for the position Ziegler got
first place behind him, Davis next, then
Elford, Coulter, Jones. On the fifth lap
Davis got bumped somehow and went
down throwing Elford, who turned a com
plete somersault over him. Neither was
hurt. *-: <-.*• ** • *'.*'
The pacer dropped out at the end of the
fifth and Jones and Coulter went by
Zecler, but the "Little Demon" was not
there to be beaten without a hard fight,
and, with his nose almost pressed against
the handle-bars ot his machine, he started
such a sprint as has seldom been seen on
a California track. Round the back turn
they flew, Jones still leading, Coulter
of a rattlesnake and then everybody went
mad.
"I do not recede one inch frora ray posi
tion. I was their guest, and had a right
to expect at least decent treatment. I did
not expect them to believe in my philos
ophy, but they certainly should have
been ladies enough to listen to me, even
though I was opposing one of their pet
theories."
The Brahmacharin would have said more
for be was in the humor, but the inter
view was necessarily cut short because he
was compelled to hurry away to Native
Sons' Hall, where he was scheduled to
deliver a lecture.
Then the other side. The ladies assert
stoutly that the Hindoo's grievance is all
It is not probable --that the little contretemps of Saturday night will at all injure tbe recognized good results of the
Woman's Congress. Indeed, that the discreet touch of a lady's hand on the Brahmacharin's robe, when 'the Oriental showed
syn-j-ptoms of exceeding the limits of discretion, may have averted greater discord is generally thought, possible. At any
rate, the learned Hindoo has expressed regret for his dramatic burst of anger, and the ladies are merely smiling. '• \' :
second and Ziegler on the outside, even
with Coulter. As they rounded into the
homestretch he put forth a final effort and
went by Jones, as though the latter was
standing still, winning a magnificent race
by three open lengths in 2:15 2-5, very fast,
considering the gale which opposed them
on the backstretch. Ziegler was given an
ovation when he dismounted.
Two amateur races, each with over
thirty starter*-*, furnished some good run
ning. E. P. Russ, Olympic, 0. A. Kraft,
Bay City, C. 1). Gooch, Reliance, C. Hood
win and Ralph Robinson, San Francisco
Road Club, and A. B. Johnson of Red
wood City each qualified for the finals of
the half-mile handicap.
The limit m-n naturally made all the
running, and Russ, on the scratch mark,
had to work hard to catch them, but it
was "all off" when he did at the begin
ning of tne third lap, for be was never
headed once he assumed the lead. Gooch
ran second and Kraft third.
For the two-thirds mile open, amateur,
five winners of preliminary heats and the
second in the fastest heat qualified. They
were: Russ and Wing, Olympic; Barton
of Fresno, Williamson of Santa Rosa, D.
E. Francis. Road Club, and Mott, Re
liance. Kraft was put in to pace, and
ground out a lively gait for them. Russ
was lirst off and again demonstrated his
superior speed over the others, taking
first place easiiv, Wing and Barton being
close behind. thon?h not dangerously so.
I'i*.***** Mmc was 1:26 3-5.
Rusa is quite popular with the audiences
that atiend cycle meets here and was
liberally applauded for both his victories,
The following is the summary:
Two-thirds of a mile, handicap, professional,
first heal C. R. Coulter, San Francisco first,
scratch ; Allan Jones, Olympic, second, scratch;
A. .M. Boy. 'en, Alameda, third; 60 yards.
Time, 1 :25 2-5. .*->'•*
Second heal— H. E. McCrea, Los Angeles,
first, 55 yards: Clarence Davis, San Jose, sec
ond. 20 yards; Ed Chapman, Napa, third, 60
yards, lime, 1:26 2-5.
Final beat— H. E. McCrea, Los Angeles, first.
55 yards; A. M. Boyden. Alameda, second, 60
yards; Allan Jones, Olympic, third, scratch.
Time, 1:27 4-5.
One miie, open, professional, first heat —
Won by Allan Jones, Olympic, time, 2:33 4-5;
imaginary. Nobody pulled his robe, no
body attempted to jam him into a chair,
or choke off his speech, and everybody,
■ they say, listened to him patiently even
though he was abusing them and every
thing that they held dear as regards Chris
tian belief. In short, they declare that
they were too lenient with him, ana are
sorry now that they invited him to the
con cress at all. '
"Why, that man's a lunatic— nothing
short of the word will express it."
That's the way Mrs. John F. Swift put
it when seen yesterday. Mrs. Swift was
the presiding ollicer of the late lamented
congress.
'■The way he carried on at our closins
session was something disgraceful," she ,
A TOUCH LEADS TO A TIFF.
•-fCond, C. L. Davis, San Jose; third, Otto
Z 1 ler Jr., San Jose. . '■"•:■ -
Second heat— Won by C. It. Coulter, San
i Fniuiiseo, time, 2:36 2-5; second, B. H. E;
ford. Reliance; third, M. Bleuler, Paris. "
Final heat— Won by Otto Ziegler Jr.. San
Jose, time, 2:15 2-5; second, Allan Jones,
Olympic; third, C. R. Coulter, San Francisco.
Haifa mile, handicap, amateur, first heat—
E. F. Russ, Olympic, first, scratch; Ralph Rob
inson. Road Club, second, 45 yards. Time,
1:02 3-5 •
Second heat— A. Kraft, Bay City, first,
i 25 yards; D. E. Francis, Road Clud, second, 40
yards. Time, 1:04 3-5. -
Third heat— CD. G.-och. Reliance, first, 20
yards; M. G. Francis, Road Club, second, 45
yards. Time, 1:04 4-5.
Fourth heat— C. Goodwin. Road Club, first,
40 yards;. R. C. Hanon, Fresno, second, 10
yard**. Time, 1:03 3-5.
Fifth heat— A. B. Johnson, Redwood, first, 35
yards; A. T. Smith, Eist Oakland, second, 45
yards. Time, 1:04 2-5.
Final heat— F. Russ, Olympic, first,
scratch; C. D. Gooch, Reliance, second. 20
yards; C. A. Kraft. Bay City, third. 25 yards.
Time, 1:10.
Two-thirds of a mile, open, amateur: First
| heat won by E. F. Russ, Olympic; time, 1:42:
I second, P. A. Deacon, Reliance.
Second heat won P. R. Mott, Reliance; lime,
1:31 3-5; second. D. E. Francis, Road Club.
Third heat won by J. E. Wing, Olympic;
time, 1:36 4-5; second, CD. Ooocn, Reliance.
Fourth heat— Won by R. G. Barton, Frosno;
time, 1:35 4-5. Second, C. J. Birdsali, Cali
fornia. vr **- * ' *-*** ;.-■
Fifth heat— by J. C. Williamson, Bay
City; lime, 1:411-5. Second, A.B. Johnson,
Redwood.
Final heat— F. Russ, Olympic, first; J. E.
Wing, Olympic, second; R. G. Barton, Fresno,
third; time, 1:26 3-5.
There will be another meet at the Velo
drome next Sunday, and it is expected
there will be larger fields and therefore
better contests.
A VOICE FROM THE PULPIT.
j Dr. Dille Preaches a- Sermon on
Sunday Desecration, and Re
fers to Bicycle- Racing*.
Last evening Dr. Dillo of the Central
M. E. Church preached* on the subject,
"The Sabbath— a • Holy Day or a Holi
day?" and in his sermon he took occasion
to refer to the action of the California
Association in seceding from the League
of American Wheelmen and in adding
more to the influences which are robbing
Sunday of much of its religious character.
In reference to Sunday desecration, he
said:
After all the kind of desecration we have
most to fear is not Sunday labor, but Sunday
revels— the Sunday of Continental Europe,
the gay and godless Parisian Sunday, with its
sports and dissoluteness and vice.
I am not pleading for the Puritan Sabbath.
The conditions are different now. and we sim
ply could not have such a Sabbath as theirs.
Their life was simpler; the feverish hurry and
grind ol our industrial life was unknown. But
in our day, and especially in our large cities,
Sunday is about the only day many wage
workers have a chance to breathe the fresh
air of heaven. We must remember that the
Sabbath was made for man, for the whole
man — soul and spirit.
Let no workingman who is confined every
working day in close hot foundry or factory
or mill or stuffy store or office say that I ob
ject to his taking the air with wife and family
on the Sabbath so long as his outing does not
lead him to join the throng of Sabbath-bieak
ers, who turn the day of rest into a day of
reveling, and so long as it does not lead him
to neglect the house of God and the proper in
struction of his children. Let no one look
upon the Sabbath as a yoke, but as a delight,
a joy, a benediction— the best and brightest j
day of the week. But with how many is the
Sunday insteaa of the best day the worst day?
I know it is said tnat the civilization ofthe
nineteenth century requires that Sunday ob
servance should be relaxed.
For reply I point to Toronto, which has
grown faster in the last twenty years than any
other American city, save Chicago, and there
are no Sunday mails, Sunday saloons, Sunday '
cars, Sunday sports or Sunday papers there.
The fact is the Sunday bicycle, the Sunday
bout and train and Sunday amusements are
the index and the source of a corruption of
morals, a depraved taste and au irreverence
for sacred things that must fill every thought
ful mind with alarm and with foreboding.
Reverence for God's day. and by the same
token for all things sacred and holy, is drop
ping out of our young California life, and if the
present tendency continues the Native Sons
and Daughters who hear me will live to see
the fine gold of the Golden West become dim
and her luster fade.
As to the bicycle I believe in it and I believe
in it on Sunday. I think every church ought
to nave its bicycle stall; for it is better to "ride
afoot," as the Indian characterized wheeling,
than to walk aioot. But all Sundßy pleasure
riding comes under the ban of God's word
against seeking our pleasure on his holy day.
It is the shame of California that our wheel
men in their associated capacity have seceded
from the National League of Wheelmen be
cause that noble body forbids Sunday racing.
I continued, "and it would not
have been tolerated anywhere else
in the world except at a
Woman** Congress. Had he attempted
todo anything of the kind at the Pure
Food Congress or any meeting composed
of men he would have been uncere
moniously thrown out into the
street on his head. By a spe
cial dispensation of our rules we
permitted' this Hindoo to speak after Mrs.
Gardener had read her very excellent pa
per on 'Heredity.' The time allotted for
these discussions is ten minutes for every
body, the average rule being that each
person consume about three minutes. But
what did this man do? Why, he talked
for thirty minutes, and such a tirade of
NEW TO-DAT -DRT GOODS. -*•*- J.
DOMESTIC DEPARTMENT
EXTRAORDINARY OFFERING
<3_E-
FINE TAPESTRY TABLE COVERS!
Greatest Values Ever Shown in
San Francisco.
175 FRINGED TAPESTRY TABLE COY- m* or
ERS, size 4-4x4-4 price ■■ *^-^ each
200 FRINGED TAPESTRY TABLE COY- mi 7c
ERS, size 6-4x6-4 - \ price *Pl. ' O each
75 FRINGED TAPESTRY TABLE COY- mo 00
ERS, size 6-4x6-4 - - - - - - price ■*P*^«vw each
150 FRINGED TAPESTRY TABLE COY- mo 00
ERS, size 8-4xB-4 ------ price vP-^.UU each
275 FRINGED TAPESTRY TABLE COY- mo co
ERS, size 8-4xB-4 price $^«OU each
125 FRINGED TAPESTRY TABLE COY- mo 00
ERS, size 8-4xB-4 price H>v).UU each
175 FRINGED TAPESTRY TABLE COY- mo co
ERS, Silk Embossed, size 8-4xB-4 - price M^-OiOU each
The above TABLE COVERS come to us direct from the
LOOMS, are the very NEWEST COLORINGS and all ELE-
GANT DESIGNS. They have handsome KNOTTED
FRINGES, and the public are invited to see our display of
these goods.
In addition to this sale of Table Covers we
will sell this week 5 cases WHITE AND
COLORED SATIN -FINISH MAR- (CO CA
SEILLES BEDSPREADS, full size, price vP-^.OU each
V^-" MM At . .
111, 113, 115, 117, 119. 121 POST SThtti,
abuse I never heard before. But we sat it
out, and I am in a position to say that not
one word of insult or discourtesy was of
fered him.
"Did anybody jerk bis robe? I say no;
emphatically no. The Brahmacharin stood
right by my side all the time he was speak
ing and could have readily seen anybody
who came near bim. and nobody did. It is
barely possible that some of the ladies in
passing to and tro on the platform might
have brushed against him with their
skirts, but I doubt even that.
"I know that nobody pulled his coat
tails. If any insults were handed ont he
was the donor. He insulted everybody in
the congress. If he attempts to attend
! our meeting to-night he will be thrown
out"
But tbe Brahmacharin did not attend
the meeting last night, so there was no
opportunity to see Mrs. Swift's threat
carried out.
The Brahmacharin Preaches.
The Brabmacharin Bodarhasksbu de
livered an elegant address to a large au
dience at Native Sons' Hall last night. It
was given under the auspices of tbe Theo
sophical Society, and Secretary W. J.
Walters introduced the speaker.
His subject was "Religion as a Synonym
for Education," ana this lecture was pre
viously billed to be delivered at the
Woman's Congress, but owing to a mis
understaning which the Indian savant
had with some of the members of the con
gress on Saturday, he refused to carry out
that part of the programme.
In "the address last night not the re
motest reference was made to the quarrel.
In his talk the Brahmacharin explained
that the true aim of education was the de
velopment of the divine, which lies latent
in all men, and that this is accomplished
through many reincarnations.
SALVATIONISTS IN EIOT.
Bedlam Broke JLoone in the Merchant-
Street Hall Last Evening.
The gentle religious sentiment which
usually permeates the souls of the Salva
tionists who nightly wage war against sin
in a neat little hall at 639 Merchant street,
was rudely suspended last evening by a
lust for retribution for a wrong heaped
upon them by three intoxicated frequent
ers of the water front.
As a result the room of worship was
transformed into a den of irreligious riot
and its floor and tidy benches were spat
tered with the blood of half-frenzied com
batants.
The fight lasted for over ten minutes.
Benjamin Johannie was the leader of
the rioters, the Salvationists say. He re
fused to leave the building when it wai
time to close and concentrated his force***,
consisting of two muscular sailors, and
the fight began. j
There were twenty Salvationists in the j
room, and they proceeded to batter the in
stigators of the fight into submission.
It was a hard task. Man after man
went down under the powerful blows of
the sailors, who for some time remained
untouched.
Johannie's cheek was finally laid open
to the bone by Olaf Olafson. a friend of
the Salvationists, and he went reeling
into the street in a semi-conscious condi
tion.
A police whistle was blown, but it only
served to get the innocent into trouble. -
Jerry McGowan, an interested onlooker,
was: sent stumbling into the street by a
B wine from a policeman's club, and Axel
Schold, a man-o'-warsman, who was at
tracted to the scene , by the wail of strife,
was arrested for bein**-- drunk. In the
meantime the rioters, excepting Johan
nie, made their escape and the Salvation
ists retired to dress their wounds.
Most Complexion Powders J
have a vulgar glare, but Pozzoni's is a true!
beautifler, whose effects are lasting. I
SPECIAL SAVING SALE
Monday— — Wednesday
The usual high quality, with
lowest margin of profit.
HAMS (Finest Eastern).... lb. 12_c
Regularly HJ^c.
SARDINES (Lazeran Boneless). . .
-, , , H's....aoc
Regularly 25c and 30c. y_'a....9Sc
COFFEE (Pasha Blend) lb. 30c
3 lbs. in fancy tin 91. 00
Regularly 35c.
OLIVE Oil (Italian).... gal. $1.60
Vx ga1. ...85c
Regularly $2 25 and $1 25. *•» *
MATCHES (Vulcan Par10r).....
Package of 1 dozen boxes «M«
FRUIT SYRUPS (all flavors).... 40c
Regularly 50c.
COUNTRY ORDERS
specially solicited. Goods
shipped same day and freight
paid within ioo miles.
CAMPING ESTIMATES
furnished promptly, gladly,
freely. MAY price list for
a postal.
YOU @JI|P
It cures Constipation, Sick Headache and
Biliousness in such a gentle, coaxing way
that the unpleasant results of common medi-
cines are avoided. Sold by Druggists
for jo years.
IT TASTES GOOD, TJX>."
THIS WEEK, SPECIAL SALE !
Latest Style Suits , . . $12.50
Silk Brocade. Skirts . . $7.50
Tailor Suits and Jackets Hade to Order.
ARM AN DCAI LLE AU.
COR. OtAKV SI. AND GRANT AVIS.
* '-;•■-•:•