VOLUME LXXXI.-NO. 172.
NEW ERA IS
DAWNING FOR
THE CUBANS.
Morgan's Resolution Recog
nizing Belligerency Passed
in the Senate.
SUBMISSION OF THE OPPOSING
FORCES-
Statesmen Who Boldly Declare That the United
States Should Send Warships to the
Harbor of Havana to Protect
Americans*
WASHINGTON, D. C. May 20.— "Mr.
President, I protest against being
mobbed. ' ?ho'ited Senator riawley in the
Senate at 5:30 o'clock to-day when the j
galleries broke out in acclamations over ,
the announcement that the Morgan Cv- i
ban belligerency resolution had passed by ]
a vote ot 41 to 14. This action was taken !
after five hours' debate, marked by pictur- j
esque and sensational features and sudden \
«nd dramatic weakening and submission of j
the forces opposed to the resolution. It was ■
the third vote that was taken, the others !
being a motion to refer to the Committee
on Foreign Relations which was defeated,
19 to 34, and on the motion to lay the
Fairbanks substitute on the table, which
was carried, 35 to 15.
The debate began more than an I our in
advance of the usual time, and was
opened by Thurston with a sympathetic
speech in support of the resolution. He
. read from papers a report of Sagasta's
epeecn in Madrid yesterday, declaring
that the Spaniards were not even masters
of the territory trodden by their soldiers
Ln Cuba and that the picture could not be I
gloomier. This was not, Thurston said,
the statement of a newspaper correspond
ent, but of a former Premier of Spain.
"If," he exclaimed dramatically, "there
i« peace in Cuba, it is peace of devastated
fields, peace of razed homes, peace of as
saultec' women and peace of starving chil
dnn. No, Mr. President, there is war in
Cuba— bloody, sanguinary, awfu! war.''
"Let us now," Thurston said in conclu- j
sion, ''dispatch the mightiest batile-ships '
in the United States to the harbor of |
Havana, where their frowninjr guns will
cheer the hope of those who struggle to be
free."
Thurston scoke an honr and a quarter,
but although his speech was flowery and
oratorical it did not seem to kindle any
enthusiasm. He was followed by Elkins,
who was occasionally goaded by wicked
reminders on the part of Chandler that
the Senator bad voted two or three times j
in the last Congress for a similar resolu
tion, but declared himself opposed to this
one because it meant the coercion of the
President.
Short speeches by Senators White and !
Hawley in favor of the reference of the |
resolution closed that phase of thejjque?- I
tion and a vote was taken which showed
that only nineteen Senators favored a ref- j
erenc?, while thirty-four were opposed.
The Vice-President was about to submit j
SENATOR MORGAN OF ALABAMA, Author of the Joint
Resolution Recognising the Eel igsrcncy cf the Cuban
Insurgents. »
The San Francisco Call
the question, "Shall the joint resolution
pass?" when Fairbanks of Indiana caused
surprise by offering an amendment to the
Morgan resolution. It was a declaration
oi sympathy with Cuba and an offer by
the United States to mediate to bring
about peace and Cuban independence, and
providing that the President should com
municate the facts to Congress with his
views. The amendment was generally
regarded as a direct statement oi the
President's policy and caused a sensation
in the Senate. The amendment was laid
on the table, 35 to 15.
White (D.) of California, a determined
opponent of the resolution, upheld the
proposition that the power to recogniz?
belligerency lies entirely with the execu
tive, and argued at length to show that
the passage of the belligerency resolution
would t>e entirely without legal force or
effect, although it might possibly give
moral support to the insurgent cause.
Gorman, in the course of his speech,
said that if it were true that the State
Department contained information whicn
convinced the Secretary of State and the
President that they could not with safety
give the names of American Consuls in
Cuba who had given such information,
the President was delinquent when he
fails to send a vessel of war to protect
them. He would vote for the resolution
in view of their failure to do their duty.
Chandler, who was in the chair, prompt
ly submitted the question, "Shall the joint
resolution pass?" and then when the re
sult was announced general and prolonged
applause in theealleries loilowed, provok
ing Hawley into his indignant protest
against the Senate being mobbed.
Appended is the detailed vote on the
passage of the Cuban resolution:
Ayes: Democrats— B." con, Bate, Berry,
Chilton, Clay, Cockerel!, Gorman, Heit
field, Jones (Ark.), Kenney, Lindsay,
Mills, Morgan, Pasco, Pettus, Rawlins,
Tillman. Tarnie, Turpie, Walthall-20.
Republicans- -Baker, Carter, Chandler,
Clark, Cullom, Davis, D^b^e, Foraker,
Gallinger. Hansbrough, Mcßride, Mason,
Nelson, Pritchard, Shoup, Thurston— l6.
Silverites— Mantel, Pettigrew and Stew
art — 3. Populists — Butler and Harris
(Kans.)— 2. Total, 41.
Noes: Republicans — Allison, Burrows,
Fairbanks, Gear, Hale. Hanna, Hawley,
Hoar, Spooner, Wellington, Wetmore
anl Wilson— l 2. Democrats — Caffery and
White— 2. Total, 14.
SAN FRANCISCO, FRIDAY MORNING, MAY 21, 1397.
THE ALIMANTRE OQUENDO, One of Spain's Most Powerful Cruisers.
This vessel, which has recently been pot in commission, is of 7000 tons displacement, has 13,000 indicated horsepower
and will steam over 20 knots. She is of somewhat less displacement than the Minneapolis in our navy, haa but two-thirds the
horsepower and is three knots slower.
Platt of New York was paired with Mc-
Enery of Louisiana aeainst the resolu
tion. MurDhy of New York was absent
and unpaired.
The Senate then adjourned until Mon
day.
BEFORE THE HOUSE.
Passage of the Resolution Provid
ing for the Ralief of Ameri
cans In Cuba.
WASHINGTON, D. C, May 20.— The
action of the House upon the Cuban mat
ter to-day was just what had been ex
pected. By superior parliamentary skill
Reed paved the Republican majority from
lacing a direct vote upon the Morgan
belligerency resolution.
Dalzsll reported from the Committee on
Rules as soon as Sampson had finished
with the journal an order for the consid
eration of the $50,000 relief resolution
passed by the Senate last Monday, not
exceeding two hours to be given for the
discussion.
Bailey was informed by the Speaker
that it he desired to get the views of the
minority before tne House he "must file
them with the clerk."
The most interesting pa-t of the day'«
proceedings occurred upon the disposition
of the report of the committee. Bailey and
Hitt making the principal speeches. The
debate upon the resolution proper was
tame almost to dullness, and it was passed
by a unanimous vote. The House ad
journed until Monday.
Representative Bell of Colorado during
the debate charged that the commercial
spirit and vested rights were at work in
the House to beat down the belligerent
rights of the Cubans.
Simpson (Pop.) of Kansas said that
charity should at least begin at home.
There were thousands of starving poor
at home, and these should ba tirst at
tended to.
FALSE REPORTS MADE.
Spaniards Declare That McKlnlay
Will Follow Crover's Course.
Cuban Victories.
HAVANA, Cuba (via Key West, Fla.),
May 19. — It i 3 semi-orncially declared here
that the American Minister to Madrid,
Taylor, has received a note from his Gov
ernment which he immediately reported
to Tetuan, giving the assurances of the
Government to Spain that McKinley and
Cabinet would not do anything mat will
in the least affect Spanish sovereignty in
Cuba.
The report adds that this declaration on
the part of tne United States made an ex-
cellent impression in Madrid and is of
much service to the Government of
Canovas in counteracting the attacks of
Liberals and Republicans, who are accus
ing the Cabinet of provoking an interna
tional conflict with America ny its sup
port of General Weyler's policy and
methods of warfare.
Among the Spanish officials in Havana
and in the Unconstitutional part, the re
port is received with great ]oy. The
newspapers of that party say that reports
from United States Consuls in Cuba and
the pro-Cuban agitation in Washington
have no importance, as the Spanish Gov
ernment positively knows that McKinley
will follow, with reeard to Spain, the same
policy that Cleveland pursued.
The Cuban element here believes the
whole matter to be a Spanish fake, aiming
to counterbalance the news of the strong
support given in Washington to Senator
Morgan's resolution.
In spite of the press censor's efforts the
news of the procaedings in the American
Senate is known to the public here. In a
lithograph which is secretly circulating
Morgan is represented as an American
soldier with sword in right hand fighting
against a large serpent bearing the head
of General Weyler.
General Queninten Banderns was in
Pinar del Rio province la«t Sunday. He
and the Cuban leader, Muso Parra, en
tered the town of Los Palacios in that
province at the head of 800 men. The gar
rison surrendered without resistance.
Banderas gave orders to the troops to
olnnder all the stores in the town. They
captured many guns, much ammunition
and $15,000 in gold. After burning over
sixty houses, including the Government
anu municipal buildings, the troops de
parted.
A great scandal is the result of this
dasbing attack by Bauderas. General
Suarez Inclan, with a Spanish column of
2000 men, was near Los Palacios when he
received news that the place was in the
bands of insurgents. He gave orders to
advance at once against Banderas, but
his soldiers refused to obey him. Only
after strong efforts and threats was he
able to establish order and force the
column to advance. At 6 o'clock in the
evening he entered Los Palacios. Ban
deras left three hours earlier.
In an engagement at San Jose de Las
Lajas, Havana Province, the Spanish lost
two captains, two lieutenants and twenty
five soldiers, killed in a hand-to-hand
fight
Gomez has received letters from Span
iards in Madrid and Havana, who have
had propprties ruined by the war, in
which they declare they want peace, even
if a free republic is established in Cuba.
They want a government that will put an
end to the errors of the Spanish adminis
tration and guarantee the prosperity of
the country. Gomez authorizes this state
ment, though he reserves the names of
his correspondents.
FOR SPAIN'S ARMY.
The Mlni3tar of War Anxious to
Have the Strength Increased
to 100.000 Men.
MADRID, Spain, M»y 20.— Azcarraga.
Minister of War, has introduced a bill in
the Cortez providing for an increase of the
army of Spain to 100,000 men.
HAVANA, Ctjba, May 20.— The Ruiz
Commission organized this afternoon to
go to' Guanabacoa at once to begin an in
quiry into the death of Ruiz. Senor
Enrique Roie was accepted a? counsel for
Spain by Consul-General Lee and Mr.
Calhoun.
CONCEIT OF A CONSUL.
Declares That If War Comes Spain,
Although Bankrupt, Can Fight
to a Finish.
BOSTON, Mass., May 20. — "Spain's
treasury is depleted, to be sure, but if war
with the United States must come, she
can fight to a finish," said Manuel Jarcie
y Cure, the local Spanish Consul, to a re
porter to-night when the action of the
Senate was told to him. "But the resolu
tion will not pass the House. I have too
much faith in Reed, and it Reed should
allow it to pass McKinley will veto it.
Belligerency will not help the Cuban?.
No one but the jingoes wants them recog
nized. Hoar and Hale, the best types of
American gentlemen, have no use for the
Cubans."
VIEW OF THE CITY AND CASTLE OF AVLONA, Where Osman Pasha on Wednesday
Last Inflicted Such a Crushing Defeat on the Greek Expedition Sent to Take the
Turkish Forces in Epirus in the Rear.
Avlona lies near a small gulf of the same name on the Turkish side of the Adriatic Sea and nearly opposite Brindisi, Italy. It is about seventy miles by sea
north of Corfu and nearly a hundred miles northwest of Janma. It is the most 'important port on the Albanian coast and is visited regularly Dy steamers plying be
tween Trieste and Brindisi. It has a fine harbor, being well protected by Sasseno Island across the mouth of the gulf and the mountains which nenrly surround it,
and is strongly fortified. The little city ittelf Das a population of some 60C0, while the twenty-odd small towns and villages which lie within a radius of a Jew miles
have as many more.
The town is beautifully situated, and with its minarets, palaces and gardens presents a most pleasing appearance. It stands on and near the site of tha anc : ent
Aalon of the Greeks and Appolonia of the Romans, from which latter place Cresar started, after his defeat at Dyrrhacium (Durazzo), on his march up the valley of
the Aons (Vorusa) River and over Zygoa I'ass to Thessaiy and Pharsalia. This was doubtless the route which the Greeks expected to follow to attack the Turks at
Janma.
BORDA'S LIFE IN DANGER.
Second Attempt Made to Assassinate the
President of Uruguay — Sent a
Deadly Bomb.
NEW YORK, N. V., May 29.— The Her
ald's Buenos Ayres special says: Another
attempt has been made lo assassinate
President Bordaof Uruguay. The first at
tempt was made by a boy, who tried to
shoot tbe President; the last by means of
a bomb, which was sent to the President
from La Plata, Argentine, and which he
received to-day. The bomb was in a box,
arranged so that it would explode when
opened. Fortunately suspicion was
aroused and the box turned uv rto tbe
police and destroyed.
JO/MED IN SPIRIT LAND.
Strange Notes Lett by a Bark Teller Who
Committed Suicide at St,
Louis.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., May 20.— George A.
Taylor, for thirteen years a bant teller of
this city, was found dead this morning at
the fashionable hotel Normandie. An
•■mpty bottle on the dresser was labeled
"hydrocyanic acid." His arras were
folded across bis breast, and underneath
the hands was a small silver picture frame
containing tbe photograph of a woman
for whom be died. Her identity is un
known. Folded directly under the pho
tograph was a note. There was no ad
dress, but the writing was that of a woman
and read:
'Sweetheart — Do you want to see your
nigger this evening? If so, write me
when and where. Yours in lova." Ko
signature.
Following this, however, on the same
note was this brief and mysterious note
in the handwriting of Taylor:
"May 19— Yes, want to see you to-night.
Meet me when I pass beyond this life.
Have never been myself since you died.
Lovingly yours."
Taylor's wife left him over a year ago,
and now lives at Eldoru, lowa.
Commodore I'nnderbilt in Marble.
NASHVILLE, Term.. May 20.— A statue
of the late Cornelius Vanderbilt, "the
commodore." was to-day unveiled on the
campus of Vanderbilt University, of which
institution he was the sounder. Ii is the
work of the Italian sculptor Moretti, and
is of heroic size. It shows the old river
captain in a ciiaracteristic easy attitude.
Three Killed in, Una Snake.
PIKEVILLE, Ky., May 2(WTwo chil
dren of Edward Driscol, who lives on
State Creek, were bitten by a copperhead
snake Tuesday. The cries attracted the
mother, who tried to kill the snake, but
was bitten herself. All three died within
an hour.
AN ARMISTICE
IS DEFINITELY
CONCLUDED.
Suspension of * Hostilities to
Last Just Seventeen
Days,
FIGHTING, HOWEVER, CONTINUED
IN EPIRUS.
Premier Ralli Says Greece Cannot Accept the
Indemnity Demanded by Turkey, Which
Is Out of Proportion to the Re
sources of the Country.
ATHENS, Greece, May 20.— 8 p. M.—
The armistice between Turkey and Greece
has been definitely concluded. It was
signed at Dhomoko. It was learned that
at first no date was fixed for its expira
tion, but afterward it was agreed it should
expire in seventeen days. Besides ar
ranging for a suspension of hostilities, it
provides for the fixing of a neutral zone.
• Previous to the agreement for an armis
tice the Greek delegates appointed to ar
range for the cessation of hostilities met
the Tuikisu representative, Seyfoulah
Bey, formerly Turkish consul at Volo,
and, after a conference, the latter prom
ised to lay the Greek proposals before
Edhem Pasha immediately. This be did
with the result stated.
There has been some fighting on the
Epirus frontier since the armistice, but
accounts vary. It seems the Turks re
occupied Fort Skatiiaki and began to re
pair the works. The Greeks fired a shot
at the Turks in protest. The Ottoman
commander treated this as a breach of ihe
armistice and firing from both sides fol
lowed. The Greeks desisted on receiving
instructions from Athens.
Further advices concering the retreat of
the Greek army from Dhomoko say that
skirmishing between the rear Greek guard
and advancing Turks continued until 3
o'clock yesterday afternoon, many being
killed on both sides.
General Mavromichahs, despite a severe
wound, bore himself bravely. He carried
a pair of white gloves in his hand and
grasped his sword firmly as he rode along,
smiling and saluting as he passed, eiving
no sign of the pain he must have endured.
The Turkish army before Dhomoko
numbered 75,000 men andjfourteen batte
ries of artillery.
Premier Ralli In an interview to-day
said:
"The indemnity which Greece will pay
Turkey will be in proportion to the re
sources of Greece and her financial posi
tion. A cessation of territory is out of
the question. Greece cannot accept a
modification of the strategic frontier,
which would make easy raiding of Greek
territory by armed bands, and which
would compel Greece to maintain a nu
merous army in order to prevent such in
cursions."
LONDON, Eng., May 20.— The armistice
agreement stipulates that a mixed com
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
mission of officers of superior rank shall
establish a neutral zone between the two
armies, and that no advance on either
flank will be Dermitted.
It is understood that Turkey wants the
commission to be constituted of foreign
military attaches with the two armies.
Crown Prince Constantine, it is said,
sent a personal appeal to the Czar not to
allow the Greek army to be crushed by a
force four times greater than itself, and
that as a consequence the Ciar insisted on
an armistice.
ROME, Italy, May 20.— The correspond
ent of the Daily News says he learns upon
unquestionable authority that the pov/ers
have agreed upon their chief conditions
of peace, namely, an indemnity to the
amount of £5,000,000, guaranteed by con
trol of the Greek customs, and a rectifica
tion of the frontier, the details of which
have not yet been settled.
TURKS ARE GRUMBLING.
There Is Much Opposition to the
Dictation of the European
LONDON, Eng., May 20.— The Stand
ard's Constantinople correspondent states
that reports reached Yildiz Kiosk Wednes
day night that the troops in Thessaly and
Epirus are grumbling angrily because of
tne cessation of fighting. A military com
mission ordered the leading grumblers
sent to Constantinople under escort. The
dispatch a ids that the priests with the
army have been instructed to deliver spe
cial sermons on obedience.
The victories of the Turkish armies re
sulted in exciting scenes in Constanti
nople. Hostilities to European dictation
were advocated, and alienation from tbo
Government, which is denounced for
weakness respecting the settlement with
Greece.
The Sultan ordered that the patrols in
the city be increased on the pretext that
it was possible there would be an Ar
menian manifestation on the occasion of
the Armenian national anniversary, which
occurs three weeks hence. The real rea
son is his fear that there will be a Moslem
outburst against the Government. An
imperial order has been issued forbidding
the sale of drawings, photographs or
poetry dealing with the war or Turkish
commanders, evidently with the idea of2
preventing the heroizing of any of the
Turkish commanders.
It is expected that in the negotiations
for the establishment of peace Turkey will
deal directly with Greece and, in accord
ance with the precedent made at San
t-tefano, the treaty between Turkey and
Greece will be submitted to a conference
of the European powers, which will prob
ably be held at Paris.
RETREATED IN DISGUST.
Greek Soldiers Demoralized by the
Conduct of Constantlne at
Dhomoko.
NEW YORK, N. V., May 20.— Th« Jour
nal's copyrighted special from Athens
says: "At 7 o'clock Monday evening I
stood on the heights of Dhomoko watching
the gradual subsiding of the battle. Eight
Christian villages, set on fire by the
Turks, burned in the plain below me.
This throws some light on the lamblike
way in which the Turks are supposed to
be making war. The right wing, driven in
to its second line of defense, was holding
its own, although no guns were sent to
assist it.
"Two regiments of Turkish sharpshoot
er?, who had shown such daredevil cour
age in attacking the Greek front, had
been checked. The battle, however, was
over. The Turks had shown great quali
ties as soldiers. They maneuvered their
guns with the greatest dispatch, and their
infantry advanced so rapidly the wonder
was where it came from. The Tnrks on
the right showed an utter disregard ior
danger and death. The Greeks had held
their own except on the right wing,
where mismanagement prevented suc
cess.
"Crown Prince Constantine viewed the
battle from a window of a house. I tried
to send a ilispatch, but the Prince, with
pule, drawn face, held the wire five hours,
versonailv communicating with Athens.
He is said to have wired to the K;n=r.
among other things: 'Army is lost.
Save u-.'
•Evidently be was badly frightened.
At midnight 1 was s eeping beside the
road when I was awakened by a friend (
who said: 'The Prince has just passed in a
carriage, with postilions, leading the re
treat as usual.' I could net believe it. I
found some iriends, Greek officers, who
said: 'We cannot look you in the face.
Greece is dishonored. We have been
ordered to retreat. 1
"Then followed one of the saddest events
in war. The Greek army, sullen and in
dignant, but without panic, left Dhomoko.
The men did not care to keep order. Cav
alry, infantry and artillery, mixed to
gether, plodded along the road to Lamia.
Thousands of peasants, refugees in ox
carts, on mules and afoot, carrying every
species of household furniture, mixed in
the retreat. The wounded, in springless
carts, were jolted over the road. Many
died on the way.
"At break of day I ran across the Prince
sleeping in his carriage drawn up by ihe
roadside. Thus was supervised the retreat
of the army. Exhausted soldiers gazed
stupidly at the sight and did not under
stand it. The soldiers were deserting in
laree numbers, saying, 'If we are not al-
Jovred to fight we will go home.' The
Greek army had become a headless rabble
and sick at heart."
DID NOT CONSENT.
Secretary Sherman's Reply to the
Notice of the Blockade of
Crete.
WASHINGTON, D. C, May 20.—Con
gressman Barrows of Massachusetts has
the text of the letter written by Secretary
Bberman, March 28, to Pauncefote in re
piy to his note announcing the formal
blockade of Crete. Sherman says:
"As the United States is not signatory
of the treaty of Berlin nor otherwise
amenable to engagements thereof, I con
fine myself to talcing note of the commu
nication, not conceding the right to make
such a blockade as that referred to in
your communication, and reserving con
sideration of all international rights and
of any question which rcay in any way
affect the commerce or interests of the
United States."
AGAINST THE GOVERNMENT.
Alexander Vcn Hohenlohe, Son of the
Chancellor, Joins the Majority in
ihe Reichstag.
BERLIN, Germany, May 20.— A sensa
tion was caused here when it became
known that Alexander yon Hohenlohe,
son of the Imperial Chancellor, had to-day
voted in the Reichstag with the majority,
in favor of passing the third reading of
the Richter anti-Government bill, legal
izing the combination of political as
sociations.
The bill is the Reichstag's challenge to
the Government in answer to the bill now
before the lower house of the Prussian
Diet to amend the law relating to such
associations.
LONDON, Esq., May 20.— The Berlin
correspondent of the Daily News says,
commenting on the fact that Hobenlohe
to-day voted against the Government,
that his joining the Radicals and Social
ists is proof that the Chancellor is inimi
cal to the bill which is being considered
by the Diet, which measure hi allowed to
be introduced for mere tactical reasons.
l-.dunrdo Gibbon Dead.
MEXICO CITY, Mexico, May 20.—
Eduardo Gibbon, the well-known lit
terateur, died yesterday. He was one of
the private secretaries of Maximilian.
His work, ••Nocturnal London," was
favorably commented on in England. He
was the author of various novels, articles,
etc., and his name was mor6 than once re
lerred to in Bancroft's works on Mexico.
The Pope Presided.
ROME, Italy, May 20.— The Pope pre
sided over the Consistory held this morn
ing for the purpose of obtaining the ad
esions of Bishops for the incoming can
onization of saints. Thirty Cardinals
°nd 100 Arch bishops were present. Tne^
"onsisiorv proceeded with casting o
c votes.
Mexican Volcano Bonded.
MEXICO CITY, Mexico, May 20.— The
volcano of Popocatepetl is bonded to an
American syndicate, the object being to
exploit for sulphur, bring ice and wood to
this city and carry tourists up to tne
crater.
Vnbuque Won the Aetvmnrket.
LONDON, Eng., May 20.— The New
market breeders' plate of £3500. ran to
day, was won by Lord Durham's Dubu
que, August Beimont's Bridegroom sec
ond, Loriiiara's El tin third.
GENERAL ASSEMBLY
OF PRESBYTERIANS
Three Thousand Per
sons Attend the
109 th Session. - .
Rev. Sheldon Jacivson Defeats
Dr. Minton for the
Rev. John L. Wlthrow's Interesting:
Discourse on "The Chlefest
, Grace of Christianity."
EAGLE LAKE, Ind., May 20.— Three
thousand persons were present at the
opening session of the one hundred and
ninth general assembly of the Presby
terian church to-day.
Interest in the session centered in the
selection of a moderator, there being sev
eral names under consideration. Rev.
Dr. Sheldon Jackson was chosen by a vote
of 313 over Rev. Dr. H. C. Minton of San
Francisco, who received 238 votes.
Rev. John L. Withrow, the retiring
moderator, delivered a most interesting
discourse on the subject, "The Chiefest
Grace of Christianity," and he took as
his text, "And above all things have fer
vent charily among yourselves" — I
Peter, iv:B
He first examined the nature of the
grace, sayinu that not a few confined the
idea of charity to almsgiving. Bat there
were more than alms di eds meant by the
Holy Spirit when he bade us "Above all
things have fervent charity among your
selves." The substantive term in the
original, translated charity in the text,
was one of two that stood for love In our
language. It was not love as defined in
Tucker's Philosophy, nor as described in
Tennyson'e graceful verse. It was not such
love as that the Holy Scripture extolled
and called upon us to have among our
selves. The line of definition must be
dropped many a fathom lower to touch the
bottom sense of this divinest term. And
when we did t*ke soundings in the depths
of Scripture what riches were found repos
ing in that one little word love. For it,
and it alone, of the words of the language
was ample enough to comprehend, com
plete and crown our conception of God.
for % 'Gcd is love."
Eliminate from the Gospel what it had
concerning the love of God, and nothing
left would serve a human heart more than
an empty cupboard would a hungry man.
To make the message of God's love im
pressively plain was the supreme respon
sibility of those who knew it, more than to
do anything else.
Here, then, was discovered the source
and spring of the charity wnich the text
demanded. It was the deepest pulse of
the life of the deity, whicn must be Kept
beating in every one who would hope to
pass the great crises which were yet to
come on Cnristians and the visible church.
It was but as we "loved one another" that
"Goa abidetb in us." Thus the question
of one's tolerance toward others of oppo
site opinion and practice of Christian
principles was made a criterion of Chris
tian character.
Ke next considered the greatness of the
need of this grace, and said its possession
alone proved one to b3 a member of the
Lord's body. Eloquence In Christian
profession did not prove the possession
of Christian principles. Though he should
subscribe his belief in every vowel, point,
paragraph and portion of (he Hebrew
Scriptures, and to every accent and af
firmation of the received New Testament,
and though he were ready to drive out of
the church or to put to death any who
would not agree to such an extreme doc
trine of inspiration, yet if his heart were
not gentle and tolerant and tenderly care
ful of the faith and feelings of oth
ers then he was nothing — of no
account, according to Paul's estimate of
what it took to make a Christian. Let
conscience do its perfect work and place
each where he belonged, whether inside
or outside the line of believers.
BRUT ut. J S TWO XEAttS.
Historical .Character Sentenced for
Hifllna Mailboxes.
CHICAGO, 111., May 20.— Adrian Brirt,
who at one time exercised a most im
portant influence in American history,
was to-day sentenced to two years in
the House of Correction. He was ar
rested on a charge of rifling mailboxes
and his light sentence is due to the fact
that he confessed his gnilt.
Twenty-ono years ago Britt was a news
paper editar in Florida and took a promi
nent part in politics. The Presidential
election of 1876 nad left matters in a very
uncertain condition, both parlies claim
ing the victory. The result depended on
Florida, South Carolina and Louisiana.
These States were absolutely necessary to
the Repnblicans if Hayes were to be the
President
It was at this moment that Briit got in
his work, and he is generally credited
with having so manipulated things in
Florida as to have the canvassing board of
the State declare the Republican Electors
chosen.
The canvassing boards of South Caro
lina and Louisiana took the same action
and Hayes was declared elected over Til
den by an electoral vote of ISS to 184, al
though the popular vote pave the Demo
cratic candidate a plurality of 250,000
votes.
ALB AX I GUT LXCITtJ).
Great Alarm Over a Small fire at the
Capitol.
ALBANY. N. V., May 20.— There was
great excitement in this city to-day when
a fire alarm summoned the entire depart
ment to the capitol groundsand it became
known that tne State Capito', which cost
tbje Stale $20,000,000, was on hre.
The fire started in the upper part of the
big building, and when the Fire Depart
ment arrived smoke was pouring out of
the upper windows at one end of the
structure. Lines of hose were at once run
into the building, and after a hard fight
the flames were subdued.
The fire was confined to toe fourth
floor. More damage was done by the
smoke and water than by the fire itsel .
How it started is not known, but it is
supposed to have originated from a cigar
or match carelessly thrown among loose
papers.
MVtIUERiSU l> THE FACTORY.
Hair of the Misting Mrs. Luetgert Found
in m Vat.
CHICAGO, 111., May 20.— More evidence
was found to-day against Luetgert, the
wealthy sausage-maker, who is charged
with killing his wife. A bunch of hair
was found in one of the factory vats. It
was positively identified as belonging to
Mrs. Luetgert. •
Work is going on in the big factory
building and the surrounding lot to find
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. FRIDAY, MAY 21, 1897.
any traces of the crime that xs believed
to have occurred there. The police have
put several detectives at work in the
basement and on the first floor cf the
structure where the vats are situated, in
one of which Mrs, Luetgert's body is sup
posed to have been destroy-d.
As a result of their search the police
claim to have discovered a blood-stained
chisel in Luetgert's sleeping-room in the
factory and stains, having every appear
ance of blood, on the wall of Luetgert's
office in the factory. A piece of dress
g«'Od!«, partly eaten by acid, was found in
the vat adj .inine the one in which Mrs.
Lueigert's wedding ring was found. Bail
has been refused Luetgeru
ENTIRE BLOCK BURNED.
A New York Fire Does Half a Million
Dollars' Damage and Leaves Fam
ilies Homeless.
NEW YORK, N. V., May 20.— Fire to
nieht destroyed the blocJt at Twelfth,
Thirteenth, Washington and Hudson
streets, Hoboken, occupied by a five-story
factory and fifteen five-story flat build
ing.". The latter were occupied by 145
families, all of whom were made home
less.
There were several narrow escapes, and
a number of sick people were carried out
just in time. The loss on the flat build
ings is $180,000, and on the factory and
contents $300,000. The buildings were
owned by the Hoboken Land Improve
ment Company, Ward & Leonard, Elec
trical 6uppiies and Benton Heath &
Co., wall pappr. Nathan Strauss & Co.,
are the principal losers in the factory.
The Poormaster and Mayor Fagan pro
vided temporary homes for the families.
None of tne latter had insurance.
HEADING FOR OLD HAUNTS.
It /s Now Reported That ihe Southern
Pac fie Tram Rbbsrs Secured
$42,000.
SAN ANTONIO, Tex., Mny 20.— Tne
Southern Pacii;c train robbers hava not
crossed into Mexico, but when near Rio
Grande chnnped their course, and are
now headed toward New Mexico, where
they expect to find refuge in old haunts
and among friends. They killed their
pack mules on the Pecos Klvor bank snrl
cut out and destroyed the brands of the
animal?. It is now reported on good au
thority that the robbers secured $42,C00 in
currency and gold. The uflicers are mak
ing a desperate effort to overtake and cap
ture the outlaw?.
THREE GOOD INDIANS SHOT.
Killed While Try ng to Enforce ihe Okla
homa Law Ajainst N.n-Resident
Cattlemen.
PERRY. O. T.. May 20. — Freeland
Marshall, Judge of the Creek District
Court, and Dugan Berryrril, captain of
the Creek Light Horse, and one of his
deputies, all Creek Indian officers, were
shot and killed this evening. The names
of the shooters are not known yet, but the
crime was committed by Texas cowboys.
The Creek officers were attempting to
capture fences occupied illegally by non
resident cattlemen. Judge Marshall was
shot five times.
KILLED HIS OWN BROTHER.
Hew a Carpenter Resented the Marriage
of a Woman With Whom He
Had Lived.
BUFFALO, N. V.. May 20.— Samuel
Williams, aged 50, a carpenter, lived tor
six months with a woman not his wife.
His brother Alonzo called upon the woman
yesterday, took her to Niagara Falls and
married her. On Alonzo's return to-day
the brothers met in a saloon and quarreled
about the woman. The fight was renewed
outside, and Alonzo pushed Samuel
against a tree, placed a revolver to his
heart and tired, killing him instantly. The
murderer was arrested.
Ithiin AT Ull VUURCB ALT AH.
A Church Member t.xvirtm While Tray
ing to Hrr Ood.
VINCENNES,L\-D.,May2o.-At a Metho
dist meeting in this city last night oc
curred a very sad event. When the
preacher extended an invitation to those
who loved religion to come ud to the altar
and pray, quite a number accepted the in
vitation. Among others was Mrs. Nancy
E. Bmith. one of the well-known mem
bers of the church. She walked tip the
aisle with a firm step, and when she
reached the altar rail she knelt down
quietiy.
In a few minutes the lady who was
kneeling beside her felt the weight of Mrs.
Smith's body bearing againit her. She
moved a few inches, thinkinsr that Mr*.
Smith was crowded and needed more
room. She was about to say something
to Mrs. Smith, when the latter gave a
groan and fell extended at full length to
the floor.
Instantly there was great confusion in
the church. People crowded around t c
lady to see what the trouble was, and it
took some minutes before the sensible
ones were able to keep trie crowd back so
that tne unfortunate woman could get air.
A physician was summoned from near by,
but before he cou.d arrive Mrs. Smith
had breathed her last. She never recov
ered consciousness from the time she fell
over on the floor.
The doctor in attendance gave it as his
opinion that death was caused from Heart
failure. Tlie sudden death cast a gloom
over the meeting ana the community.
THE HOY Ah aXCAXU.V.
Supreme Coutiril Holding a Sueeesiful
Seuion in ton.
BOSTON, Mass., May 20.— The Supremo
Council of the Royal Arcanum is holding
a very successful Bession here.
The Royal Arcanum was founded at
Boston in 1877 by nine men. Last year its
membership wa« 188,818, the number of
erand councils 21 and subordinate coun
cils 1720. The benefits paid to October 31
were $37,759,122. The supreme regent is
John E. Pound of Lockporr, N. V., and
the supreme secretary is W. O. Robson of
Boston.
The present session will last until the
28th inst. Hundsome gold souvenir pins
have been made, one of which will be pre
sented to each delegate, and a tasty sou
venir book is in preparation, with illus
trations o! historic Boston, and a series of
entertainments, receptions, meetings and
theater parties, drives, etc., have been ar
ranged, full details of wtiion will be given
later.
Governor Wolcott will be a conspicuous
figure at the ceremonies, and many other
distinguished men will take part.
Til REV CHICAGO SUICIDES.
The Windy Cilit 2hmh»lt In buffering
: '' '..'"■' From a Mania. -.'..' . ' V
CHICAGO, 111., May 20.— Suicide seems
to be a popular mania in this city j just at
present. There have been a number in
the past few weeks. There were • three to
day. William Miller, formerly a city em
ploye, blew out his brains; William Koe
ni«, a weak-minded octogenarian, drowned
himself, and John Ickner blew ont his
brains, All of the men were despondent.
Hortman'a Long Wheel Hide.
PATERSON, N. J., May 20.-William
C. Wortman left here last night on a
wheel lor Ban Francisco. He carries only
a gripsack and a small leather bajr. He
expects to ride sixty days.
ALGER REPORTS
ON SAN PEDRO
Explains Why the Work
Has Not Yet Been
Advertised.
Gives a Statement of the Vast
Amount of Labor to Be
Performed.
The Whole Matter Referred Back
to Congress for Complete
Instructions.
WASHINGTON, D. C, May 20.—Secre
tary of War Alger has made a response to
the Senate resolution calling for a state-'
inent as to what has been or is about to
be done with reference to making con
tracts for the improvement of San Pedro
harbor, California. The Secretary submits
the whole subject to Congress for further
instructions us to its purpose — whether to
create simply a harbor of refuge or one
for refuge ancfconimerce.
He cites the action of the Walker board
in deciding to expend a!l of the appropri
ation of $2,950,000 upon a breakwater and
says:
"The department has had many impa
tient inquiries as to when the work will
be advertised, and while there is no dispo
sition to retard the matter a day, the
difficulty presented is always the same,
i. c. : What was the intention of Coneress
when it made tliis appropriation for a
'Imrbor for commerce snil of refuge?
The report shows cle:irly that the entire
appropriation and more will be required
for the breakwater, and that to m iko a
arbor for commerce large additional
sums will be required, tbe exact amount
of which is largely conjecture on uccount
of there being the putsibility of rocs to
excavate instead of silt or sand. But tak
ing for granted that no rock exists, the
chief of Engineers has. by my direction
and from all the information there is in
the department, made two approximate
estimates for completing the harbor for
commerce according to tlie plans sug
gested by the board. It is believed by me
that a harbor covering 320 acres, or half a
mile by a mile in area— where ships can
be towed in, moored, towed from one dock
to another, winded or turned around,
etc. — would be the least that could be con
sidered.
"First estimate: Based on report of
board, deepening channel to inner harbor
to thirty feet, wiih width 400 feet, and
construction of two suitably designed tim
ber pier 9, located at a safe distance on
either side of the jetty entrance and car
ried out to the five-fathom curve to ac
commodate vessels whose draught would
prevent their entrance to the inner har
bor, to be used during completion of im
provements in inner harbor; dredging
from central channel to piers to thirty
feet depth; 14.0(0 feet of bulkhead for
wharfage, $2,479,000; cost of breakwater,
$2,901,788; totai, $"> .^0,787.
"This plan has the objectionable feature
of the destruction of the pile 3 by the
teredo unless creosoted, besides the dis
advantage of its great exposure to fire, as
in case of those wharves where steamers
are moored alongside aud engines run
upon them.
"The second plan is to dredge into the
lagoon and excavate a space of practically
320 acres, a half-mile by a mile in area,
and here the estimate is largely guess
work. Several islands will have to be re
moved, as shown by the maps, and it is
possible that there may be rocks to blast
nnd remove. But an estimate has been
made to give thirty feet of water for this
area where an average cut of twenty feet
will be required, and for this inner har
bor, with the dredging of the channel
into the same, the estimate is $2,175,000;
cost of breakwater, $2,901,787, making a
total cost for breakwater and inner har
bor of $5,176,787.
"The question is, shall the expenditure
of $2,900,000 be made for the breakwater or
harbor of reiuge, leaving the harbor for
commerce for future legislation and ap
propriation?
"From my construction of the law, I
have not felt justified in commencing the
work without fully understanding what
the intent ot Congress was when the law
was enacted. If it was and is its intent
that the work on the breakwater shall be
advertised and this appropriation ex
pended lor that alone, the matter shall re
ceive immediate attention. If not 1 hope
such instructions will be given as shall
leave no doubt as to what the duties of
the War Department are in the matter."
PROMMbES A BBXSATIO.X,
Interesting Jteveloptnenta May Follow
Srcretary Alrjer't Course.
WASHINGTON, D. C, May 20.— There
promises to be a big sensation on account
of Secretary Alger's reply to the San Pe
dro resolution. Senator White construes
it to be a flat refusal to advertise far bids
for the work, because, as the Secretary al
leges, "the intent of Congress in making
the appropriation is not clear. Senator
White is "loaded" for the Secretary.
Michigan men, who are unfriendly to Al
ger, have written him and given him some
information that would cause a big sensa
tion if read in the Senate. -
T>elnynt by Huntin'jton.
WASHINGTON, D. C, May 20.—Cali
fornians in Congress generally express the
belief that Alger has been persuaded to
delay the letting of the contracts by the
influence of Collis P. Huntington and as
sociates, who favored the seiection of
Santa Monica harbor for the improve
ment.
Tbese^lwo harbors have been conspicu
ously before the country for many years
as rival claimants for Government bounty.
Santa Monica is practically owned by
Hantington.
MAT BIS It KI'tiXUA-JSUED.
But It is Probable Ao Action Will Be
Tnknn in Mullnn's Cage.
WASHINGTON, D. C. May 20.-It is
believed the Navy Department has de
cided to take no action in the case of
Commander Dennis W. Mullan, formerly
in command of the Pensacola (Fiorida)
navy-yard, against whom charges of gay
conduct with a woman and drunkenness
were made by officers and their wives at
the yard. Mulian may be reprimanded,
but an officer at ti e Navy Department
said to-day he believed the sentence would
not even be thai severe. He has already
been permanently superseded by Captain
Reisinger as commandant at the yard.
(ontinn'd by the Urnntf.
WASHINGTON, D. C, May 20.— The
following appointments have been con
firmed by the Senate: Frank A. Vander
lip of Illinois, Assistant Secretary of the
Treasury; William W. Morrow of Cali
fornia, United States Jud?e of the Ninth
Judicial Court; Brigadier-General bliss to
be Major-Genera!.
HORATIO KING DEAD.
He Was a Member of President Buchan
an's Cab net and an Ed/tor of
Prominence.
WASHINGTON, D. C, May 20.—Gen
eral Horatio King, Postmaster-General
during Buchanan's administration, died
this morning.
The deceased was born in Paris, Oxford
County, Me., June 21, 1811. George King,
his grandfather, fought in the Revolution.
Horatio King, after receiving a common
school education, worked for the Paris
Jeffersonian, and soon became editor and
proprietor.
In 1854 he was appointed First Assistant
Postmaster-General in Washington. He
was afterward appointed Postmaster-Gen
eral.
During the Civil War he served on a
Board of Commissioners to carry into ex
ecution the emancipation law in the Dis
trict of Columbia. Mr. King took an ac
tive pan in the work of completing the
Washington monument. He has also been
a frequent contributor to the press. He
has published "An Oration Before the
Union Literary Society of Washington"
and "Sketches of Travel, or Twelve
Months in Europe."
Of Interest to the Coait.
WASHINGTON, D. C, May 20.— R. J.
Seddo:i, New Zealand's Prime Minister,
was ut the Capitol with Congressman
Loud to-day.
A postcftice was established at Patchin,
Santa Clara County, to-day and Charles L.
A. Scott appointed postmaster.
Pensions have been granted as follows:
California: Original — George Peter, Oak-
Innci; Wiley Martin, Georgetown; Anna
Perry Smith (nurse), San Diego. Orieinal
widows, etc. — Minors of Ebenez^r S. Camp
bell, Adin. Mexican war survivors (in
creased) — FredericK Pickham, San Fran
cisco; Isaac D. Snedcor, San Dieeo.
Oregon: Orieiisa! — Dmiel W. O^lesby,
Marquam; Isaac B. Lee, Orepon City.
O'iginal widows, etc. — Minor of Peter B.
Merry. Currinsviile. Survivors Indian
war— Samuel Bau«i>man, Pleasant Hill.
Washington : Original— Strpet«>r Petti
john. Special, May 8, 1897— Henry S.
Hover, Tacoma.
Jit.irimn May ial;e Command.
WASHINGTON, D. C, May 20.— The
Call correspondent learned to-night that
Commodore Howison, formerly stationed
at Mare Isiand, and lately in command ot
the Oregon, will in all probability be sent
to Hono'u v to take charge of ti.e Pacric
station instead of Admiral Miller, who was
at first slated for this post. It is believed
fiat Miller cannot get Dack from the
Queen's jubilee in time for the assign
ment. Commodore Dewey is anxious for
the assignment, but Howison will get it,
unless there is a change in the programme.
An to Field's Retirement
WASHINGTON, D. C, May 20.— The
Evening Star revives the report that Asso
ciate Justice Field will retire in August,
when be lias exceeded Justice John Mar
shall's period of service. The Star says
that on Monday the Supreme Court con
venes for the lust time at this session and
will not meet again until the October
term, and that if is altogether prob ble
that before they meet again Justice Field
will have retired. Justice Field could not
be seen, but Mrs. Field sent word to The
Call representative that there was "no
truth in the report."
Captain Homey n't Caa*.
WASHINGTON, D. C, May 20.— The
judge-advocate general of the army sent a
record of the case of Captain Romeyn to
Secre;ary Alger w th a brief of the testi
mony. Alger will examine it without de
lay and take it to President McKinley for
fiaal action. Tae general belief is that
Romeyn will be subjected to loss of pay
and reprimand.
( nlnnrls to Jie Promoted.
WASHINGTON. D. C, May 20.— The
Star says the officers thought to stand the
best chance of being made brigadier-gen
erals are Colonel Merriam of the infantry,
Colonel Wade of the cavalry and Colonel
William M. Graham of the Fifth Artillery.
The latter was formerly stationed at the
Presidio.
BAPTIST JA-Vi VEXSAKIES.
The I'iitMhxinj Section Heart Many In
terxxtina Paper* and lieports.
.PITTSBURG. Pa , May 20.— This is the
third day of the National Baptist anni
versaries. At this morning's session the
report of the committee on the educa
tional work of the Home Mission Society
was presented by the president, Key. Dr.
B. L. Whitman of the District of Co
lumbia.
The afternoon session was devoted to
the business of the Baptist Historical
Society. Ttiis evening the opening exer
cises of the seventy-third anniversary of
the Publication Society took place.
Samuel A. Crozer of this State sub
mitted tho president's address and a re
view of the work of the society was made
by Austin W. Smith of Minnesota.
ORIOLES DROP ONE MORE.
The Reds Take Ona From the Champions
and Climb Up Another Notch
Higher.
Clubs- W. L. Pc Cutbs— W. L. Pc.
Baltimore... 19 4 .823 LouixviUe... 10 10 .600
Cincinnati... 17 7 .70& Brooklyn... 10 13.434
Ptttsbure.... J4 7 .666 New Yorlc. . 7 11.388
I'tailadelpa.. 18 10 .btis|Chtcago .... 7 16 .304
Cleveland... K5 10 .645 U asbinseton 6 15 .'.'Bs
Boston 1 1 JO .54f>|St. Louis.... 5 18.217
PITTSBURG, Pa., May 20.— PltUburg 10,
Philadelphia 4.
CLEVELAND. Ohio, May 20.— Cleveland — ,
New York — . K«in.
CINCINNATI, OHIO, May 20.— Cincinnati 11,
Baltimore 10.
LOUISVILLE, ;K.Y., May 20.— Louisville 13,
Brooklyn 12.
CHiCAGO, 111., May 20. — Chicago 14,
Washincton 16.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., May 20.— St. Louis 4, Boston
11.
An Indiana Bank Closed.
LOGANSPORT, Ikd., May 20.— The
bank examiner closed the National State
BanK to-day. The capital is $200,000 and
deposits $300,000. Most of the funds are
loaned on worthless security. A large
crowd of depositors gathered and made
threats against the managers. President
Johnson, vrbo is a leading citisen, is pros
trated.
Vn« Victory for th* Tailors,
NEW YORK. N. V., May- 20.— The strik
ing tailors won their first victory this
morning. Abraham Cohen, a contractor,
increased wages 20 per cent and nine
hours a day. Two hundred and fifty meu
returned to worK. Th 6 men are very
much encouraged, and hope to win in tho
long run.
Death of Aeuafor Earle.
GREENVILLE, S. C, May 20.— United
States Senator Earle died at his residence
this afternoon. He was 50 years old on
the 30th of last April. After taking his
seat in the Senate last March Earie was
seized with the grip De. Later Bright's
disease was developed.
excitement Over «* Bnnk Failure.
LACONIA, N. H., May 20.— The depos
itors of the Belknap Sayings Bank are in
a fever of excitement to-day over the sus
pension of that institution. The bank
owes $1,000,000 to depositors.
The foedine expenses of the zoologial
gardens, London, average £100 a week.
CHAMPION BOB
MEETS THE CHIEFS
Visit of the Pugilist to
'the Government
Offices.
Fitz Tells How He Could Have
Sold Out the Fight at
Carson.
While Poslnar a 9 Corbett Treasurer
Morgan Deftly Dodges an
Uppercut.
WASHINGTON, D. C. May 20.—Cham
pion Fitzsimmous visittd all the depart
ments of the Government to-day and was
given a warm reception everywhere. Sec
retary Sherman received him, but the
tighter was so embarrassed when the Sec
retary asked him how he felt he could
scarcely speak.
Treasurer Morgan showed him through
the money vaults, and when fi:zsimnnns
saw the piles of goid and silver he made
the interesting remark: "I could have
sold out tbe fight with Corbett for $75, C00. "
Secretary Gage was glad to see the cham
pion, felt his arms and tapped bis chest.
Fitzsirnmons felt Gage's muscle and pro
nounced his right forearm a marvel. In
the room of Absistaut Secretary Wike,
Fitzsimmo'is, belore an aamiring audi
ence of clerks, explained how he whipped
Corbett. He got down on the floor and
showed how Corbett lay after the so
called knock-out blow was delivered.
Corbett, he said, was not knocked out,
bat was merely afraid to get up again and
lost tbe rijrht through fear.
Treasurer Morgan pose;l as Corbett
while Fitzsimmons illustrated tbe de
cisive blow. .Morgan became pale and
KEW TO-DAY. ; .' ', J  .
" SELLING GOODS"
18 OUR BUSINESS. WE DEVOTE OUR TIME AND TALENT LARGELY IN
that direction. Merchants have different ways of accomplishing the same thing.
Some placard the whole store front with notices of "Clearance" s-alea and 'Going
out of business" sales, and thereby draw trade and make money. We stick to the
plan of telling the public what we have to sell and what it is worth, or how we sell it,
in a plain straightforward way, and get the best permanent results in this way,
whether we tell it over the counter or in the newspapers— something like this:
Lily Cream ...... . 10c 1 Child's Lace Shoes • • • • • 75c
This is condeused milk, or as It is marked. These are nice kid tipped Sunday shoes,
Lily brani "Sterilized Cream." It is a i l* te style: seem liic« $1 25 shoes every
large can and seems to give satisfaction way— but we say 75c to make th.exn go fast.
everywhere. Nea ly half the milk has .... . . _ . ~ — ~ A< '_„
been driven on»of market, ao we fi turn to MllWaUklO Graill. Men S • • • $1.7 d
o&"li l tt.« l S' Keomßeßfl6l «* These are genuine stock and a. well made
v ' iudv»j^ as we can have them; congress or lace;
' . sizes 6to 12. lhey are Shoes. •••
Kisses, per quart • • • • • 10c i^.d.,,. mamwm c*
These are tae Cupid Kisses, a nice popular LaCC rKJUCi P€r jarfl . • • ■ • 5C
cake or cracker tn at has large sale. 1 his is a cut price for white goods as good
1,. as we offer; the patterns are beautiful and
French Mustard • • .... 5c LMt 1 uy would « yMolie " 0 -
We used to get 10c for same size and qaal- /< 14 n • i ' ' 'in
\iy (some get It vet) and hai large sale for UOlfl 1 31111/ • • • • • • • : iUC
, it. Hope it will be apprec.ated at this price, Or gn dlna a very superior make, In bottles,
; \ (cannot be mailed). w« cheerfully recoin-
Snider's Cream of Corn .... 7c menal^ ill u^ ? . ■ .: : .:
Th's Is a daintily flavored soup stock. Its Tlinims' InL' .■ •*'*^i~- .'.-.. .• .- '-V
rtgular price is 25c, ha* worked its way to 1I1OUI»» ill* • • 00
. our bargain counter at 7 ceais. Have not This is ihe standard 10c size; we have two
time 10 explain. trossof tnis celebrated ink that goes on
bargain table to-day at 3 cents. : , .
flat and Coat Hooks, dozen •• •• 5c R ... ■':■••/ - s<.
These snould bring 250 a dozen, bui wa IUDDOfIS ..-• " • ■ • " * «C
thought they would sell faster at 5 cents, These are wide or narrow, all colors and all
so will offer them at ihat price, silk. "Catch them before they fly." <-■/•':
Bee Hives— Another carload of Lewis' great Hives arrived yesterday. .
Concentrated Lye, Pittsburg brand — A few cases to close at 5 cents a cam
Candy, fine, fresh, every prices, from 10 cents to the finest made. V
Ladies' Hats and Millinery Goods are now open for sale. Ask for 'em.
Extra sizes for men or women in Overwear or — REMEMBER.
Finest English Blue, ready for use, 100 bags for $1, or lc each. : .
flißl^aß^twX. ' WJH I Hu ' B 9n \^B Bs^ \,'
fl! l mm
A . ■••■■■••■:. ■'"
i S **N^l H We thank our friends for liberal patronage.
\W ■ , ' Our free delivery all over the city is appreciated.
'- ]| ■: Try our Fine Tea served free every day.
■MJ JM Hi You'll find it convenient to check packages here. ■
■ «HA /fl V/ Across the bay towns supplied free of cost for freight. '
'o^BAiic(HH By We understand packing and shipping goods everywhere.
V^B "' Our patrons find it pays to work on a cash basis. -
X^^B W^^s We have a 40-page price list, free to all. '" - '
Address— The Big Store at the Ferry— 2s-27 MARKET STREET.
PAINS IN THE BACK
Rheumatism, Lumbago, Sciatica, . ifllljßg-J^^
Lame Back and Other Pains, Are % - -A^y^p{%
Relieved and Cured by the Electro- vW
Medical Treatment. %&* Mas, -'Mjl
Mr. Kelly wrote of his cure as follows on I / fSiMt Jf&
When I commenced takin? the Electrc-Medleal W^^^L \ *^**' ' 'flßr'-^H
treatment I l.ac! almosi given- up rll hop» of re- ' \ "jEf ■' IP^^Bmßi
gainini; my heal: ti, being prostrated with distress- ' *SS |P \ I tfflro£v\
ing palDs in ihe back, nervous weakness, also an Wt&k Hk /Ww yiMRmKQL
eruption on mv back, du>> 10 a poor state of the ■^/^^T" / RSwSftj^^
b'.ood. X had trieJ advertised app.iances and t?s.- v HIW /I HK|SJHSBr
ular practitioners u-i;tio it deriving an-.' benefit 9 881-Pfe / \ .T^Cjfflß X
irom them, i was convin' ed tnat electricity alone Ts^9^»M / \sA 'llh^Qßßlr
or medicine alone would nor cure me. The Elec- sffi^SSHtev-w/^!/ W' fi' Jl l 'T^Bft
tro-Jledlcal cure, which combines medicine and s^vWs3«lS% : w y! S/X%vti ,e»V^
electricity, completely curetl me ia a short time. x • i «=Sp=ir'^^l I- 1 ' \!,<C. "
lam now able to do my work as it shou done, • v £S«Hssr j:: w^l Awi%»
and can strongly recommend the. Klectro-Medical :• •" v Vv'" ;■ • * /J»*
cure to any persons suneriujf as I did .... •' _\_liA _ " ,_.
JOHN KKLLY, JOHN KELLT,
1723 O'Farrell street, San Francisco. A Widely-Known Katlre Son and Bull-
-■.---.: ness Mau or San *"x-anclsco.
THE ELECTRO-MEDICAL TREATMENT
Is new and cannot be had of any other institution than. the Btate Electro-Medical Institute.
Under no circumstances should it be confounded with ordinary electric treatments as applied
by common batteries, electrle belt*, bathi. etc. Tne Electro-Medical treatment is different la
fundamental principle, different in application and different in effect. ; ' V
THE NUMBER OF OUT-OF-TOWN CURES INCREASES EAOH DAY.
■.' \--- ■:■.■■ '-- - '■'■ ■•■ '"■:■ i\- : -■'•£• ' ■■' ■■ .-"■■■ ' '■■■ "" - ■-' • - *■ r<f -- *. ■ . ■
If you live out of town and cannot visit the Institute this need not deprive you of thu
benefits of this wonderful treatment, because in thl* new system of combining medicine and
electricity a complete Electro-Medical home treatment is thoroughly provided for. ; Scarcely a
day passes that the news does not reach the Institute of some wonderful home cure of a r>erson
living so far away that a personal visit could not be made. ; Write a plain statement of your
condition, explaining your feelings and symptoms ; as clearly as possible, and Irom it the In-
stitute Doctors will be able to accurately diagnose your case. It only costs you the trouble of
writing and 2 centi in postage to get the opinion and advice of the Institute Doctors.
STATE ELECTRO-MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
Market, Powell and Eddy Streets, Entrance 3 Eddy Street,
[■'?■: SAN FRANCISCO, CAL.
jumped back hurriedly when he saw tha
mighty fist of the pugilist, performing the
noted uppercut. Fitzsimmons was greatly
pleased by the visit.
■ ■■;:- ..' •./
IiEPAItTMJSyj-/>TOJ£IS BURIED. -
Fierc- Flame* Cau*« ' f weh Damage and
Jintiffr in Toronto.
TORONTO, Oxtaeio, May 20— The big
department-store of the John Eaton Com
pany, the largest of the kind in Toronto,
was destroyed by rire this morning. The
loss is $250,000. How the fire originated
is not known, but when discovered it was
burning so fiercely that it could not b«
conquered by the whole tire department
of the city.
The store was full of inflammable mate
rial, and the lire spread so quickly that
tbe whole place was soon in a blaze. The
fire was so hot that buildings a consider
able distance away bewail to smoke, and
it was with difficulty that the fire was
prevented from spreading into a disas
trous conflagration. Tbe firemen, how
ever, realized the impossibility of saving
the building in which the tire broise out.
and devoted all their energies to saving
the adjoining structures.
_« -•>
Idaho Amalgamator Awful Death.—
MURRAY, Idaho, May 20. — Frank
Cameron, night amalgamator of the
Golden Chest upp^r mill, two miles above
here, was instantly killed late Monday
evening. He was in the act of throwing
off the cru-her belt to change shifts in tha
evening. He stepped upon the enpine
block and slipped, falling between the en
gine and the pump. Some of the moving
part of the machinery siruck him, cutting
tho top of his liead entirely off.
Chang Ihnji a Ilia Ifitmond.
NEW YORK, N. V., May 2G.— John
Roach, who got up the Bryan lecture
tour, and who is also a diamond-dealer,
sold to the Chinese special envoy to the
Queen's jubilee, Chang Yuen Hi>on, a 45
--eurat yellow diamond for $10,000. This
will be worn in Chang's jeweied hat at ihe
jubilee, alongside of a smaller but clearer
stone. Chang has an option on the pur
chase of three rubies fo' $35,000.
Tornado in ■">• »'/< l>aknla.
HOWARD, S. D., May 20.— A tornado
passed over the northern part of Miner
County last nit; r.t. The greatest damage
was done at Carthasp. I'aton <fc Jackson's
elevator, the rCorh western depot and sev
eral smaller bu ldin;;s wt re destroyed. No
lives were lost. Tae da mace to farm prop
erty is exiensiV2.MAKING MERRY
AT HANFORD CITY
Knights Choose Grant
for Their Grand
Chancellor.
Santa Rosa Will Entertain the
Grand Lodge Next
Summer.
A Bull-F!ffht Will Help Celebrate
the Coming of the Valley Road
Next Saturday.
HANFORD. Cal., May 20.— There was
a sudaen change in the Knights of
Pvtbias* programme to-day, and now, at
nightfall, the struggle which was to have
taken place to-morrow is nearly all
over.
Santa Rosa won the honor of entertain
ing the Grand Lodge next year with one
ballot, and the principal officers of that
OFFICERS ELECTED BY THE GRAND LODGE, KNIGHTS OF PYTHIAS.
body have been chosen.
As was outlined in this morning's Call,
Vice-Grand William Hudson Grant has
been advanced to the chair of grand
chancellor, and Grand Prelate C. L. Pat
ton was made vice-grand. H. R. Arndt
of San Diego won the fight for grand pre
late easily, and Judge Buckles of Solano
was chosen supreme representative. Sam
uels, his strongest opponent, withdrew in
his lavor. The list of officers will be filled
out at the session to-morrow morning.
Tnere is quite a contest on for the chair
of grand master-at-arms. With the elec
tion completed, the work of installation
will be taken up at once.
Supreme Chancellor Phillip T. Colgrove,
the supreme head of the order, arrived
this evening. He receivpd a notable wel
come. The railroad station was crowded
with people, through which it was diffi
cult to make way. A carriage drawn by
four horses stood in waiting, the Park
band was playing and the battalion of
uniformed Knights was drawn up in line
at present arms. The Grand Lodge was
also largely represented. The procession
moved to the Aborn Hotel, and there the
distinguished visitor was allowed time to
rest and refresh himself.
Afterward he was driven to Lucerne
Vineyard, where the merriest kind of a
time i 3 now in progress. The decorators
have been hard at work up to the very
last hour, and the grounds have been
made very attractive with Chinese lan
tern*, while the dance-hall and supper
rooms are resplendent with light and
color. The executive committee pro
vided carriages for conveying all who have
invitation*, and the carriages have been
busily employed all the evening. Danc
ing will probably continue until morn
ine.
The Rathbone Sisters completed their
work 10-day and adjourned sine die. The
following officers were elected: Grand
chief, Lydia A. Monroe of Riverside;
grand senior, Mary Fitzgerald of Sacra
mento; grand junior Clara Bell Farns of
Oakland; urand manager, Sarah H. Chatt
berkin of Eureka; G. M. of B. and C, Lou
ise Holmes of Oakland; G. M. of F. , Bettie
C. Nickel! of Los Angeles; grand protec
tor, Mrs. S. Schofield of San Francisco;
grand outir guard, Mrs. Nathan of Han
ford; past grand chief marshal. Mary
Weldon of Grass Valley. Mrs. Weldon
was elected supreme representative for
four years.
At a meeting of the Second Reeiment
LYMAN J. CHITTENDEN, Who Acted as Host When the
Knights Were Entertained at the Lucerne Vineyard
Last Evening.
Captain Peco of Nevada City was elected
lieutenant.
Interest now centers in the demonstra
tion on Saturday (Kinga County day).
The tracks of the Valley road are now
almost completed in this city. Lar.-e
forces of men have been kept hard at
work, and even the siketraefcs and "V"
are in place. Tbe engine of the construc
tion train and the caboose have already
been done up in Hags and bunting in an
ticipation of the bi^ holiday.
The party of Mexican bull-fighters who
are to figure in the programme of aiver
sons on Saturday arrived to-day. Tbe
grounds where the fight is to take place
are just outside of town, where tribunes
have been elevated capable of seating
1200 people. The corral, pens and shoots
are all built of heavy planks as though a
real fisrht with real bulls was anticipated,
but it. is understood that no weapons will
be used and there will be no blood-letting.
It is understood that there will be two
trains run from Stockton on Saturday,
one arriving in the morning and another
at about noon.
The militia will arrive in the morning,
two companies from Stockton and one
from Merced.
The festivities wiM begin with a salute
of 200 guns at sunrise and an exhibition
by the tire department in the morning. A
grand industrial parade and the bull-fight
will take place in the afternoon and a
bicycle parade at night.
KXIGBI!> L,AXLH.\a disaster.
Kew Wharf and. 3000 Sacka of Wheat
Slide Into the River.
WOODLAND, Cal, May 20.— The big
wharf recently constructed by the trans
portation company, together with 3000
sacks of wheat, slid Into the Sacramento
River at Knights Landing to-day. In
stead of anchoring it by means of piles it
was laid upon sleepers. The Fair estate
had recently sold the grain and the work
of delivery had been going on for several
days. Late this afternoon as the last load
was being unloaded the sleepers gave way
and the wharf slid into the river. The
men and teams bad a narrow escape from
drowning.
STOCKTOy DECK HE It EOF XX ED.
Property Jntereat* in a niroree Case to
lie Adjusted.
STOCKTON, Cal., May 29.— 1n the
divorce suit of Harvey vs. Harvey, which
went by default, the decree was reopened
this morning for the purpose of adjust
ing the property interests. After the case
went by default the wife brought suit to
set aside on the ground that sickness
prevented her from appearing.
"While the decree of divorce is allowed
to stand, the property interests will be
adjusted. A question arose concerning
the law passed by the last Legislature
against divorced parties marrying within
a year after the granting of a decree.
Johh E. Budd, attorney for Mr. Harvey,
remarked facetiously that he would ad
vise his client never to marry again.
FIRE AT lit. MCI A.
Large Drying- Room of Kullman, Salz A
Co. Partly Consumed.
BEMCIA, Cal., May 20.— A most dis
astrous fire was narrowly averted this
aJternoon at half-past 4, when Kuliman,
Salz & Co.'s large drying-rooms, contain
ing over 1000 sides of leather, caught fiie.
It is not known how the fire originated.
When the firemen arrived at the scene
the entire roof was in flames, but aiter a
hard fight they succeeded in saving the
first three stories of the building. The
loss will foot up between $3000 and $4000;
fuily insured.
Dearly Kicked to I'eath at JUodrtto.
MODESTO, Cal.. May 20.— 0n the pub
lic scnooi grounds of this city at noon to
day Charles Bishop, a negro boy, nearly
murdered Everett Pearson, a child of 8
years, by kicking him under the chin with
his heavy shoes. The little boy was un
; conscious for about half an hour, and
seven stitches were necessary to close the
wound. The negro boy is in jail, charged
' with assault to kill.
THE SAT* FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MAY 21, 1897.
DEATH A RESULT
OF IMAGINATION
Aged Santa Ana Woman
Expires While in a
Bathroom.
Leaves a Partly Empty Vial
Labeled "Corrosive Sub
limate."
Analysis of the Contents Falls to
Show the Presence of Any
Deadly Substance.
SANTA ANA, Cal., May 20.— A few
minutes before noon to-day E. L. Sher
man, returning from a drive with a friena,
was horrified to find the dead body of his
tister, Mrs. Ruth Cook, in the bathroom,
where she had locked herself with evident
suicidal intent. On the rail of tbe tub
was a bottle, partly empty, labeled "cor
rosive snblimate," and it was naturally
supposed thai the woman had taken some
of that deadly drug.
At the Coroner's inqnest this afternoon,
however, the astonishing fact was re
vealed after com Detent tests that the bot
tle contained neither corrosive sublimate
ncr strychnine; in fact, it could not be
determined that the liquid was of any
poisonous character, and the jury re
turned a verdict of "death from unknown
causes." The prevailing supposition now
is that the unfortunate woman, firmly be
hevine that the bottle contained corrosive
sublimate, drank of its contents and died
from sheer force of imagination.
Mrs. Cook's mind bad been unbalanced
for several years, and twice before she has
made attempts on her life. She was 71
years of age and was the widow of W. Z.
Cook, a noted local weather clert and
prophet, who died several years ago. Her
brother, Captain E. L. Sherman, has re
sided with her since her husband's death.
Mrs. Cook is a relative of John Sherman.
fir*. Baker Out of Danger.
SANTA ANA, Cal., May 20. — Mrs.
Naomi Baker, who attempted suicide nere
yesterday with laudanum, is out of dan
ger.
LOS ANGELES EPISCOPALIANS.
Reports to the Annual Convention of the
D.ocese Show the Church to Be
in Good Condition.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., May 20.— The
first annual convention of the diocese of
Los Angeles, now being held here, de
velops the fact that the Episcopal church
in Southern Gaiiiornia is in good condi
tion.
The convention was largely attended
to-day. Right Rev. Bißhop Johnson pre
sided, and the financial reports of the
various franchises of the church were sub
mitted and approved.
The report of the Board af Mission*
showed 761 communicants, 76 baptisms,
22 marriages, 37 buriaU, 1546 public
services, 414 celebrations of the noly
communion ; receipts of missions. $9090 81;
aid receipts of the board, $2814 78; total,
$11,305 59. The expenditures were $8941 99;
aid expenditures of board, $2639 92, mas
ing a total of $11,581 91.
A resolution was offered that the board
of minions of the diocese of Los An
geles be constituted an auxiliary board of
general missions for the purposes out
lined in the resolution.
The reDort of the finance committee re
lated that but $242 remains unpaid of the
assessment upon the Pasadena mission.
The Bishop's salary being already fixed
at $3000, the salaries of the secretary and
treasurer only remain to b« fixed.
These are set as before at $100 each.
Other expenses of the diocese should not
exceed $300, so the total diocesan expenses
:<>r the coming year should not exceed
$3500.
•IHRUVQH TKJON PAHU
Surveyor* Working for th« Hanta T* or
Valltv Railroad.
LO3 ANGELES, Cal., May 20.— Word
comes from Tehachapi that two parties of
surveyors are at work in the Tehachapi
Mountains surveying a line of railroad
through Tejon pass, and considerable
speculation is being indulged in in conse
quence as to the identity of the railroad
company that is doing the work.
There is every indication that the sur
vey is being made by the Santa Fe roa 1,
for recent events in the affairs of that
company woulu seem to show that it in
tends to reach out for California traffic in
a manm-r that has not characters d the
history of its operations in the last several
years.
To reach BakersfiHd from Mojavethe
Santa Fp would have to build about
seventy mites of track, and a considerable
portion of it \vnild be very costly, but a
combination wi.n the Valley road would
simplify matters. Sante Fa officials here
say the surveying parties belong to the
Valley road.
Sutnf fh* Snntn 'Fe : Railroad.
LOS ANGELES, Cal.. May 20.— 1 a the
United States Circuit Court to-day the
Union Trust Company of New York
brought suit against the Santa Fe Kail
road Company for $20,436.
The complaint recites that judgment
for the sum named was given on April 26,
1897, by tne Circuit Court for the Northern
District of Illinois. The snit is filed in
this district so as to make the judgment
apply to any property the defendant may
have here.
PdIfAH£XA'S ROA.HIHG ZIOJV.
Manehman Jiaten' l*e*perat» Sight on
the Mountain* idr.
LOS ANGELES." Cal.. May 20.— Almost
within sight of Pasadena a ranchman
named C. B. Bates had a desperate fight
with a mountain lion yesterday, and
came out of the affray second best.
Though he escaped with his life, he has
some scars to show for his adventure.
Bates, whose home i 3 at Larnanda Park,
bad been in the mountains for a few
days hunting, and at daylight yesterday
morning he found the game for which he
was not prepared.
While proceeding alone down Millard
Canyon he left the regular trail to take a
shorter one, and, as he was in the act of
clambering over a pile of loose rock, his
blanket roll caught on trie limb of a tree,
causing him to lose his balance and fall.
Despite his efforts to save himself he
rolled down the steep slope about a hun
dred feet, bringing up in a cul de sac
thickly grown with underbrush.
The pocket in which he found himself
was difficult to emerge from, and before
he could begin to reascend he found him
self in the clutches of a large mountain
lion that instantly showed his haa temper.
Both man and beast were frightened,
and theriaht that ensued wai not so much
for conquest as for a chance to escape.
Bates had no weapons but his bands
and the stones that lay in reach, and with
these he combated the teeth and claws of
the brute.
As both combatants were anxious to
part company and the lion was better
able to escape he was the first to retreat.
It ail occurred in so brief a time
that Bates could almost imagine it
a dream were it not for tbe
teeth marks upon bis arms and the bruises
and cuts all over him. He fixed up bis
wounds as best he could »nd came to this
city to-day to receive surgical attention.
He declares the animal was six feet long.
Southern Pacific Boring for Oil.
LOS ANGELES, Cal, May 20.— The
Southern Pacific is following the example
set by the Santa Fe Railroad, and has be
gun boring for oil here to develop its own
supply of that fuel for engines.
The greed of speculators in putting up
the price of crudu petroleum to such a
figure that its use was not more economi
cal than coal burning, has driven both
railroad companies to do their bwn
developing.
ROBERT MILLS' ESTATE.
His Widow Appointed Administratrix by
the San Mateo Cour , but a Con
test /s Expected.
REDWOOD CITY, Cal., May 20.—Rob
ert Mills, who recently died at Belmont,
in this county, left an estate the value of
which is estimated all the way from $300,
--000 to $500,000.
This consists moitiy of real property
situated in San Mateo County and in the
City of Bun Francisco. Besides this there
are thousands of dollars represented by
promissory notes and mortgages.
Mrs. Miranda Mills, surviving widow of
deceased, filed a petition for letters of ad
ministration upon the estate, no will hav
ing been found, and letters were^granted
to her thin morning unon her giving a
bond in the sum of $125,000.
The petition alleges that, bo far as pe
titioner knows, the heirs of deceased are
herself and two sisters— Miss Ann Scho
field and Mrs. Rachel Hill, both of Lan
cashire, Enuland — and nephews of de
ceased named Taylor, residing in Grafton
Pa.
I tie petitioner avers that she was mar
ried to Robert Mills in ban Jose in the
year 1891 and th«t to tbe best of her
knowledge Mr. Mills had nevrr been mar
ried before, but notwithstanding this lact
it is pretty well known that there will be
a contest for part of his estate by those
who claim to be children of the deceased.
Deceased came to this countiy in early
days and soon after settled in this county ,
where he resided up to the time of his
death. He was at one time a manufacturer
of glass in San Francisco, and about the
first work that he did which Drought him
into promin'-nce and placed him on the
way to fortune wad the glazing in the
Palace Hotel.
hew to-day:
To quote Shake-
speare:
"has bought gold-
en opinions from all
sorts of people" —
still some people
think even better of
Spices and Flavor-
ing Extracts.
US Tillmtnn & Bradel, Mfr«.
NEW TO-DAT— CLOTHING.
\/w^ S Sdß F w Jp 7 /» fld ~~~ \ m■! n*&lMy 1
!We regret sincerely that our Tariff Sale was brought w Jf
' 'IS
to such an untimely end, but fire, over which no one can .|B
guard, broke out in the premises overhead, and our place ! M
was thereby damaged.
Swas Owing to the very heavy insurance we carried and ,1
Owing to the very heavy insurance we carried and \<
I the many companies it was divided into we had no J)
d difficulty in having the losses adjusted. i
w I Consequently we have decided to give this insurance . \-
J|j .. money to you by reducing all clothing, no matter how 1 J
\\ slight the damage, in proportion to the amount of |
w insurance received on same. B
I *f i f^ilk *"* 1
| I;: WE WILL SACRIFICE I f
| Several hundred $12 and $15 all-wool suits |
I at . ; . . . . . . . . ... ...................... $5 and $6 $
| ' A number of all-wool overcoats that lay I
I where the smoke and water were |
I thickest, slightly damaged, worth $15, I
ft 1 thickest, slightly damaged, worth and;s6.so I
at $5.50 and $6.50 j|
I No more 85c pants, but some excellent |
$ V $2.50 and $3 and $4 trousers, all wool, dam- jl
| ; ; : aged only a. very little,' at: v .. ....... ;..51;25 |
!aged only a very little, ............. $1.25 I
All-wool vests as low as 65c
g) '*:-■/ ■. ,- / r y^ :':,.._-: ■ ,■:,-•—— , — / ■. ••■ .- g
!.- ' v You'd better hurry. The end of next week will positively J
see the last of all the damaged goods. That means the end of |
the sale.
!Now, do not come thinking you are going to get one |
| '■'•;'.■;' '■"■•' dollar values for five cents or you will be disappointed. ! |
!;What:;we are going to give you is one-doUar'i worth if
y of clothing for about sixty-five, forty-five cents and fj
I thirty-five cents, according to amount of damage. |
ft; y First come, first remember.: |
| (COLUMBIAN WOOLEN MILLS), I
1 54 1 : 3N£-a.r:k:et street ■ |
13 DIHBCTIjT OPPOSITE SANSOME. l|
1 I OPEN EVENINGS TILL 8 O'CLOCK. SATURDAY NIGHT TILL 10. 1
34
ALVISO HARBOR
TO BE IMPROVED
Santa Clarans Urged to
Action by the Board
of Trade.
Us Commercial Importance Is
Shown by Prominent
Citizens.
Regardless of State or Federal Aid,
the Work Will Undoubtedly
Be Performed.
SAN JOSE, Cal., May 20.— The Board of
Trade is working assiduously for the im
provement of Alviso harbor, and in the
next few months some definite action re
garding Santa Clara County's seaport will
be taken. For the past eieht years efforts
have been made to secure Government aid
to widen and deepen the channel, but now
it seems as though the hope of the Board
of Trade is about to be accomplished. The
business men of San Jose are taking an
active interest in the matter, and it is pro
posed to organize and appoint commit
tees to help the Board of Trade to carry
on the work.
At present the steamer A:viso makes
daily trips Between San Francisco and
half a dozen teams are engaged in hauling
freight between the port and this city. The
shipments at the rlace are steadily in
creasing and amount to tfcou.-ands of tons
annually. With the construction of a
railroad shipments will increase enor
mously, but it is necessary that the har
bor be improved in order to admit of deep
water vessels.
In an interview with Secretary J. P.
Fay of the Board of Trade regarding the
attitude of the board toward the Aiviso
Channel that gentleman said:
"This board is just as determined and
just as full of faith in the ultimate success
of its efforts for the improvement of this
waterway as at any time in the past eight
years, bo far as we know the sentiment
in this section is almost unanimous in fa
vor of an appropriation from either the
Government or Btate for this purpose,
and. in fact, every support wa* given to
Assemblyman Matt Arnerich of this
c mnty at the last legislative session in the
interest of his bill asking an appropriation
of $25,000 for needed improvements in
Aiviso Slongh.
"This bill, a? is a matter of history,
passed botn houses, only to meet its
deathblow at the hands of Governor
Budd. Many of us felt that there wss a
manifest inconsistency on the part of the
Governor in airising his signature to the
dredger appropriation bill calling for an
expenditure of $3u0,000 for the purpose of
dredging the Sacramento and San Joaqain
rivers and vetoing the Aiviso Channel ap
propriation biil. The Governor's action
destroyed cur last hope of relief from the
State, but rnir.y responsible taxpayers have
urged the propriety of the county under
taking the work of improving Aviso
Slougb. Shipment's to and from tbe port
have increased largely within the last two
year?, and when th«» time arrives for per
m tting deep-draught vessels to make a
landing at this port witnout the possi
bility o! runnine aground business will
boom immensely.
"Congressman E. F. Loud, who suc
ceeded over a year ago in obtaining an
appropriation for a preliminary survey of
Aiviso Channel and ever since has cheer
fnlly co-operaJei with our board in its
efforts for relief for navigation upon this
waterway, has a??ured us tbat ne will re
new his efforts and will persist until con
vinced that further attempts are useless.
The board realizes that what couid be
done has been done by Congressman
Loud and has faith to believe that in
spite of all the obstacles now in th» way
Aiviso Siongrs will yet be a navigable
stream at all times and tides.
"Navigators have been much benefited
by the beacon posts placed along: the ap
proach to Aiviso Slough and which were
secured by Congressman Loud upon peti
tion of this board. It is expected that an
appropriation for lights to be placed on
these posts will be obtained, and thus
another great advantage will have been
obtained. '*
Frank Stock, a prominent member of
the Board of Trade, in discussing the im
provement of Alviso harbor, said : "Alviso
is the county's only port, and should be
so improved as to become a great com
mercial outlet for San Joso and the
southern end of Santa Clara Valley. At
present it is inadequate, and merchant;
shipping by that route are often subject
to vexatious deiays. But this couid be
easily remedied by the Govern ment ex
rending from $40,000 to $00.000. While
Petaluma and Santa Rosa have received
appropriations for dredging their chan
nels, Alviso has been entirely oyerlooked.
As it is, tie waterway has been the means
of saving the merchants of San Jose
thousands of dollars in freight rates. The
railroad ha? been compelled Jo meet the
cat in rates made by the steamer, and this
has resulted in incalculable gooa. The
shipments by way of Alviso are con
stantly increasing, and the Government
cannot loneer ro^tpoie improving the
channel. Tne lumber shipments alone at
the rort amount to between 15.000,000 and
30,000,000 feet annually. Aid to this the
thousands of tons of produce and mer
chandise that are received and forwarded,
and some idea of the importance of the
place can be imagined.
"The Board of Trade and citizens gener
ally of San Jose should work together
with the ultimate view of securing the
needed improvements. Every one in the
valley will be benefited by the change and
there should be no laggards. Aid may
not be secured from Congress at this ses
sion, but we should have things in such
saape that when the proper time comes
a committee, backed by convincing stat
istics, could co right on to Washington
and present the matter to Congress. The
merchants are all for the improvement,
and by united effort we shall succeed."
Mr. Stock is an enthusiast on the sub
ject, and in proof of what can be done
points to wiiat progressiveness and enter
prise has done for Los Angeles.
Adolph Greeninger, ex-chairman of the
Board of Supervisors, believes that Alviso
Harbor should be improved at once. If
the National or State governments fail to
take hold of the matter he favors the
county taking hold of it and making the
J. tj prove men ts by direct taxation. Mr.
Greeninger wa? a member of the Board of
Supervisors for twelve years, has been
prominently connected with the Board of
Trade and is deeply interested in all mat
ters pertaining to the advancement of
Santa Clara County. In speaking of Al
viso Harbor to-day he said :
"It is essential to San Jose and the sur
rounding country that Alviso Channel be
improved, and it should betaken up at
once, ior several years we have been try
ing to secure appropriations from the
Government for that purpose, but each
time we have been confronted by the ad
verse report of the Government engineers.
This delay is vexatious, working great in
jury to this city, and if the Government
or State refuses to make the improvement
Santa Clara County should go ahead and
do the work.
"I am in favor of raising $40,000 by di
rect taxation to carry on the work. This
■would not be felt by the taxpayers and
wouid be sufficient to give San Jose a good
watercourse. A dredeer could be secured
and a fore of men put to work. In two
years' time we would be independent ot
the railroads an'l would have connection
by water with all coast towns.
"Besides, the money wouid be spent
among our own people, and the money
*.hus raised by taxation would now right
Kick into trade channels. The county is
amply able to go ahead with tna work.
Santa Clura County is better off finan
cially than any other county in the State.
Our indebtedness is only $112,000, and
this is on 4 and 4K per cent bonds. A few
years ago we buiu" the hat! of records at a
cost of $250,000 by direct taxation and the
people hardly felt the increase.
"It would be the same way with the im
provement of Alviso Channel. The ship
ping by that route for the past several
years has been sufficiently large to have
received recosnitiou at the hands of Con
gress. It looked as though we were to re
ceive an appropriation from the State this
spring but Governor Budd vetoed the
bill, although a bill appropriating $300,000
for similar improvement? in the Gan Joa
ouin and Sacramento rivers received his
indorsement. With the contemplated im
provements at Alvi?o, San Jo«e and en
virons we will receive more business from
the surrounding country, and prosperity
must necessarily follow."
SAS JOSE WEDDISG.
Attorney John JE. Alexander and Hits
Uanna Miller United.
SAN JOSE, Cal., May 20.— The wedding
of Miss Wanna Miller and John E. Alex
ander was celebrated at the Second Pres
byterian Church this afternoon be
fore a large audience <of relatives and
friends. The ceremony was performed by
Rev. Dr. Maclaren.
A pretty fetaure of the wedding was the
singing of Mendelssohn's wedding march
by Mrs. Helen Whitney. Mrs. Myrtle
Meriihew, Mrs. Vale and Miss Edith Her
o:d to the accompaniment of two vioiins
and an organ. The bride was attended
by six little flower girls and Miss Lizette
Howard as maid of honor.
Howard A. Alexander, a brother, at
tended the groom. Little Bennie Ledyard
and Bobby McMillan acted as pages for
the groom, and little Stella Thompson and
Hazel Singleton performed like serv.ces
for the bride.
After the ceremony a wedding breakfast
was served to the intimate friends of the
couple at the residence of the bride's
mother, Mrs. Sarah E. Miller, at the cor
ner of Fifth and St. John streets.
Mr. and Mrs. Alexander left on an after
noon train for Monterey. On their return
they will make their home with the
bride's mother. Mr. Alexander is a
prominent young attorney ot this city.
Smmtt Keti&enci Destroyed by Fire.
SAN JOSE, Cal., May 20.— The residence
of Charles Nash on Dalmas avenue, near
William street, was destroyed by fire
shortly after noon to-day. The loss on
the house and contents is"s23oo, with $950
nsurance. The fire ignited from the
kitchen stove during the absence of Mrs.
Nash.
ARIZONA TAX LEVY IGNORED.
Attorney-General Wilson Will Bring Suit
Against the Superv sors of Default
ing Counties.
PHCENIX, Ariz., May 20.— The last
Legislature oi Arizona made appropria
tions to the Territorial University and
Territorial Normal School in the shape
of an added Territorial tax levy that
would bring in about $"-'6,000 per annum
for two years. The funds were to be
used for the completion of the dormitory
at the university and for the completion
of the Normal building. The money for
the purpose was voted out of the Terri
tory's general fund, to be replaced by the
income from the extra tax. Now it is an
anounced from a half dozen oi the coun
ties that they wiU not respond to the
extra tax levy, the claim being made by
several county attorneys and by their
Boards of Supervisors that the levy is in
violation of the Harrison limitation act,
placing additional debt upon the counties
in exi-ess ot the 4 percent limit prescribed
by Congress. Gila County was the leader
in this, having Jailed to make levy for
simiiar taxes prescribed by the Legisla
ture of two years ago.
Attorney-General "Wilson was seen by
your correspondent to-day and interro
gated on the course the Territory should
take ai»a::ist the rebellious counties. "I
propose to have nothing to do witn the
counties," he answered. "If the levy be
not made I snail at once commence suit
iv tne proper District Courts against the
Supervisors of the defaulting counties
; nd will sue them in the name of the
Territory on their bonds, under the charee
of misfeasance in office. If they choose
to defy a plain statute of the Legislature
they will be made to suffer personally
and financially for their assumption. It
is all rot to say that this tax levy increases
the debt of the Territory or of any county.
The Legi-lature has the fullest power to
make such a special tax; it adds to no
indebtedness and must be paid."
MORO BAY'S NEW ISLAND.
Thought to Be a Phenomenon, It Proves
to Be a Mud Bank Caused by
the Tides.
SAN* LUIS OBISPO, Cal., May 20.—
Considerable amusing comment has been
caused in this city during the past few
days over reports in circulation of the ex
istence of an island which suddenly ap
peared on the surface of Moro Bay, thir
teen miles distant from this city, one
morning when the people in that vicinity
awoke.
On investigation the so-called island
proved to be nothing more than a long
bank of mud and sand near the upper end
of the bay, and the only thing pnenome
nal about it was that at one end of the
bank was an elevation much higher than
at the lower end, and that one night the
bank shifted so that the elevation was at
the opposite end.
For some years past Moro Bay has been
rapidly filling up with sand and mud,
owing to the action of the tides, and the
surface of the water, which only a few
years ago was navigable for small craft, is
now so rilled that a sraall sailboat would
have some difficulty in sailing over cer
tain portions of it even during high tide.
There are a number of sandDars and
mud banks in the bay, but the present one
is the largest which has shown its head
above the surface of the water so far, and
the sudden shifting of the mud bank was
simply caused by the action of the tides
undermining the opposite ends, so the
people of Moro say, and they ought to
know.
There wa* no explosion nor seismic dis
turbance whatever. There are no geysers
in the bay, an i there is no eas of any kind
in existence in that portion of the county.
As for fishermen navigatine in the bay for
rish, they would have considerable diffi
bulty in mating a dally catch of even
flounders to -upply the market.
The people In that neighborhood have
not become frightened as yet, nor do they
fear any kind of explosion, and there is
only one mud or sand bank of any conse
quence which would attract notice and
that is the one mentioned above.
CHICO'TALILJO riGkOS TEST.
Experiment* With Homing Bird* That
Will Be Repeated.
CHICO, Cal., May 20.— G. L. Barham.
Wells- Fareo's aeenthere, received by
express last evening five homing pigeons
I from Mr. Basford oi Vallejo, with instruc
tions to turn -them loose this morning.
This morning Mr. .Barham took the
pigeons and turned them -loose from the
top of the Normal School building at 8:07
a. m. When released, the birds circled
around for a few moment?, and ■ after
getting their bearings struck off rapidly in
a southerly direction. This afternoon Mr.
Barhum received a message from Mr. Bas
lord stating that three of the birds had
reached their cote at 12:15. but the other
birds had not as yet arrived. Mr. Basford
is quite an entnusiasr, and it is expected
that he and Mr. Barham will arrange for
I a number of experiments with tiie birds. .
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MAY 21, 1897.
CHINESE BANDITS
ROB AND MURDER
Foreigners Asked to
Help Relieve the
Famine.
The Czar Sends Rich Presents
to Tickle the Chinese
Emperor.
Serious Fire Has Occurred In the
Steamship Belerlc at Her Buoy
In Honpkong.
VANCOUVER, B. C, May 20.— Oriental
advices state that a serious fire occurred
four week* ago in No. 1 bold of the Occi
dental and Oriental steamer Belgic as she
was lying at her buoy in Hongkong. The
outbreak originated near an earthen fur
nace in the 'tween decks, which was be
ing used for the purpose of iumigating
the luggage of the Chinese passengers.
Hongkong's new floating lire engine was
sent to the vessel and a small party of
firemen from the Central Police Station,
but it was not until 1 o'clock in the morn
ing that they finished their work, which
consisted principally of pumping water
into the hold. The luggage of the Chinese
passengers and a quantity of matting
were destroyed and a somewiat serious
personal injury was recorded. One of the
boilers of the floating fire engine burst,
the consequence being that a Chinese fire
man was severely scalded about the body.
He was taken with all haste to the Gov
ernment Civil Hospital. The fire delayed
the Belgic two days in departing from
Hongkong.
Shanghai papers tell of famine in
the Chinese provinces of Szechuen and
Hupeh in alarming words. Authorities
are sending grain to destitute people, but
inland districts away from the rivera have
not been reached. Leading merchants in
Szechuen have appealed to foreigners for
help. From Chinese sources 11,000 taels
were quickly subscribed and telegraphed.
Foreign trading-houses have given liber
ally, and her Majesty the Dowager Em
press has sent 150.000 taels to suffering
districts. The famine has set many bands
of brigands to work. One band of a hun
dred has carried off a score of prisoners
and a large quantity of money and goods
from Taipah. The former are mostly
daughters of wealthy families. A promi
nent millionaire was robbed of two
daughters who are now held for ransom
at SO, 000 yen. Robbers have sent word
that uiness the sum is paid promptly the
heads of their victims will be returned
without their bodie». In two instances
wealthy men have been carried off and
friends obliged to pay large sums for their
ransom.
Chinese pirates are actively at work
along the coast on the Yang-tsa River.
At Nanchang, three weeks ago. five mer
chants traveling to Kiukiang were roboed
and foully murdered. They were mem
bers of a party of six, one of whom
escaped by diving overboard. From an
unsuspicious boat which came along-ide a
horde of pirates suddenly rose up from
concealment, boarded the merchants'
boat and overpowered the boatman. They
first robbcj the merchants and then
butchered them one after another.
CoJonel Tin High, a mandarin and com
mander of Sankong, was traveline on the
West .River with his family, concubines
end servants, when pirates boarded his
boat, looted it of all valuables and injured
one concubine.
Prince Oukbtomsky has arrived at
Hongkong, en route to Peking, with wou
derfuily rich presents from the Russian
Czar for the Chinese Emperor.
GOJSG TO THE JUBILEE.
IJlttinrfttishKt Japanese Xenre VaneoU'
rer on Their Way to London.
VANCOUVER, B. C, May 29,— Marquis
Ito, ex-Prime Minister of Japan, accom
panied by Marquis Kido, lelt Vancouver,
B. C, to-day in the Canadian Pacific's
private car Metaphidia. They are en
route to England to attend the Queen's
jubilee celebration as representatives of
Japan. They go direct to Ottawa, where
they will stop off and pay their respects
to Lord Aberdeen, after which they will
proceed to New York and sail from that
city May 28 per the French line steamer
Gascoene. A guard of honor ordered
from Ottawa was furnished to his Excel
lency at Vancouver.
SHOT HIMSELF AT NOG ALES.
Tragic End of a Mexican Custom- House
Guard Who Had a Record for
Bravery.
NOGALES, Ariz., May 20.— This morn
ing at 11 o'clock Juan de la Torre, a
custom-house guard in the employ of the
Mexican GoTernment here, committed
suicide by shooting himself through the
heart.
For the past two weeks De la Torre had
been acting very strangely, and had told
friends that other customs officials had
formed a conspiracy to poison him.
This morning he went to the Mexican
custom - house to secure the necessary
papers from the collector to allow the
southbound train to leave this station.
While at the custom-house he went to
the room where arms are kept, pro
cured a revolver and returning to
the depot after the train had
left he went to another guard
named Garcia, and frightened that indi
vidual by drawing the revolver and ex
claiming. "I'll not allow you the pleas
ure of poisoning me," ami placing the
gun to bis breast he pulled the trigger and
fell dead.
De la Torre had been employed by the
Mexican Government for many years, and
was well known for his bravery and effi
ciency in intercepting smugglers and con
traband goods.
He played quite a prominent part dur
ing the fight with the Yaqui Indians and
the citizens here last August, and two
Indians that were killed during the con
flict fell before the unerring aim of his
rifle.
•
RED BLVFJF FnKOERY CASE.
Warrant Out for If. J. Tomlin, a Promi
nent Rancher.
RED BLUFF, Cal, May 20.— A few
months ago W. L. Tomlin, a promi
nent rancher near the Shasta County
line, procured a loan of money from
the Bank of Tehama County on a note
purporting ?to ; have been signed by Mrs.
Catherine Stewart. : Upon being notified
Mrs. Stewart promptly denied its exe
cution. ,•.">: ; './• ■■= '■•; • <-%}■
v The payee of the note, J. Kelly John
son, was then arrested on . a V charge of
forgery and was held to answer at the pre
liminary examination. " . "* ,"
To day Johnson told a story confessing
the crime and implicating Tomiin as the
real culprit. , District Attorney Andrews
swore to a complaint and Sheriff Bogard
at once started after Tomlin.
Grrntt hopper Heart tit Oregon.
PORTLAND. Ob., May 20.— Word comes
from tse neighborhood of Steptoe, Butte,
in Whitman County, that grasshoDper*
nave mad* thair appearanca in Each vast
numbers as to cause considerable alarm.
Unless a heavy raia should iall soon and
kill them, it is feared they will begin to
eat the growing grain, which is more suc
culent and tender than the grass. Many
farmers are alarmet and predict that
much grain will be destroyed.
LAKE PORT WATER CARNIVAL.
Numerous Fair Candidates Who Ars Eager
to Rule— Attractions Arranged by
the Committees.
L.AKEPORT, Cal., May 20.— Interest in
the water carnival is increasing daily.
The various committees have about com
pleted their labors and all are awaiting
the climax— the affair itself.
Balloting for carnival queen commenced
Monday, with eleven candidates in the
field, and more to follow from present in
dications. Those who nave entered are:
Miss Sara Collier and Mrs. Joseph Craie, of
Highland Springs, Mrs. W. O. Edwards
of Upper LaKe, and Misses Eveiyn Everett,
Belle Haycock. Myrtle Alter, Rosa
Greene, Millie Whitton, Sarah Haycock,
Mrs. W. C. Moore and Mr 3. E. S. Martin.
The bicycle track is now finished. It
has a fine location on the shore of Clear
Lake. The races will be under the di
rection of the Clear Lake Cycler*, and
will include both professionals and ama
teurs. Valuable money prizes will be of
fered.
One of the features will be the Indian
village, with all its savagery, its inmates
making fancy baskets and bead work.
Friday night' the Indians will have fire,
ghost and war dances.
The water features will be the great at
traction end will be equal to any ever at
tempted in the State north of Santa Cruz
ana superior to that in many respects.
The boat races and Illumination of the
lake promise to be excellent.
Resigns From the Council.
LOBGATOS, Cal., May 20.— Fen Massol,
who has been chairman of the Board of
Town Trustees for several years, has re
signed. This was due to Mr. Massol's re
moval to San Jose. At the meeting of the
board last evening the resignation was
accepted. Robert L. Hutchinson -was ap
pointed to fill the vacancy. The selection
of a chairman was brought up, bat no
election resulted.
BAKERSFIELD`S
DEEP MYSTERY
Miss Winslow Returns
Home in Hysterical
Condition.
Unable to Give an Account
of Her Strange Disap
pearance.
—^^^—^— —
Fears the Vengeance of Garner, the
Accused Counterfeiter— Signs
of a Dark Plot.
BAKERSFIFLD,CAt.,Ma;.
Winslow, the United States Court witness
who so mysteriously disappeared from her
home in this city Tuesday evenine, turned
tip tnis evening about 5 o'clock. . On meet
ing her mother si c fell prostrated and ap
peared to be in great agony of mind. So
hysterical was she that it was some time
before she could even incoherently tell the
reason of her strange disappearance. She
said she had been at the home of J. W.
Garner, the accused counterfeiter, and
that was all sue would say.
Tnis story is not believed by her friends.
They claim that force was used to conceal !
the girl by those interested in Garner's '
behalf and that Miss Winslow is alraid to
tell the true story of it. She claims that
she has not eaten anything for two days,
ever since her disapoearance, and declares
that sne had rather die than to appear in
court at Los Auge.es.
Miss Winslow's father stated to-day
that Garner had written to a party here
that he would "wipe the Winslows off the
face of the earth if they test: fie J against
him."
The members of the Winslow family are
the strongest witnesses against Garner.
There is much excitement here over the
affair, and the opinion generally prevails
that an attempt has been made to get the
girl out of the way. This is the opinion
of the Sheriff's office also. Marshal Oats
arrived here this evening from Los An
geles with an attachment for the young
lady, but owing to her critical condition
she will not be able to go to Los Angeles
possibly uutil to-morrow.
The case was calied this mornins before
Judge Wellborn and had to go over for a
day on account of the absence of Miss
Winslow. Indications are that there will
be some sensational developments when
it conies to trial and it is more than likely
that other persona of some prominence
here will be implicated. When asked
about it Marsha! Oaks shook bis head
mysteriously and intimated that it would
be well to wait for developments. Every
body here is interested in the outcome of
the affair and the interest has increased
since the action of Miss Winslow.
THE STRANGEST BOOKS
The fir?t antholoey was a collection of
Greet poems, epigrams and other small
pieces by Archiiochus.Sappho, Somonides,
Meieasrer, Plato and others, between 680
and 95 a. C.
In 1471 a French baron offered a pledge
of 10 marks of silver that a copy of Avi
cinna, which be desired to read, would be
returned, ana even with this security,
equal in our money to over $t>o, his request
was refused.
The "Book of Common Prayer' 1 was
prepared by the command of Henry VIII,
in 1646. It underwent several revisions,
but the second, made in the reign of
Edward VI, very nearly approaches the
prayer-book as used tc-iiay in the Church
of England. The prayer for the royal lam
ily was introduced by James I.
Most of the chapters of Livy, as well as
some of the entire compositions of Cicero
and other ancient authors have been re
covered from the palimpsests, the original
writing having been partially effaced in
order that the monkish transcribers
mieht use the parchment for their homi
lies.
The vast collection of the state papers
of Tnurloe, Cromwell's State Secretary,
whicn make about seventy volumes, were
discovered by an accident. Tney bad
been hidden in the false ceiling of a room
in Lincoln's Inn. By accident the fait
enlngs having rusted away the ceiling fell
»nd this precious collection came to light.
The largest work on one subiect is the
"Acts, Sanctornm," or "Deeds of the
Saints," most commonly called "Lives of
the Saints." It was begun by the Bol
landists, a community of tne Society of
Jesus. The first volume was completed
in 1643 and sixty-one volumes have alto
gether been issued. Other volumes are
still in preparation.
The first ecclesiastical anthology was
the "Book of Sentences," by Pierre" Lom
bard. It was a compilation of the leading
arguments of the fathers upon points of
divinity, arranged and dige-ted under
heads. It is said that 244 commenutors
b»ve written annotations on this book,
amoncr others Thomas Aquinas, Gall
laume Durand and St. Bonaventure.
WHATCOM LOGGER
FATALLY SHOT
Friendship for Another
Man's Wife the
Cause.
Jasper Nesselroad Wounded
in the Groin by Harry
Stewart.
The Woman In the Case Employed
as Cook In the Nessel
road Camp.
SEATTLE, Wash., May 20. - Jasper
Nesstiroad, a leading logger of thii State,
was shot to-day at 10 o'clock on one of
the busiest thoroughfares of "Whatcom by
Harry Stewart, who arrived this morning
from Nevada. Stewart emptied his re
volver at him, one of the bullets striking
him in the groin. The wound will prob
ably prove fatal.
Nesselroad is running a large logging
camp at .Lake Whatcom, and Mrs. Stew
art is in his employ as cook. Last year
both Stewart and his wife were employed
by Nesselroad, but they subsequently
moved to Nevada. Mrs. Stewart Bays her
husband was getting good wages, but is
addicted to drink. A month ago be fur
nished her money to come back to What
com, and he was to return latar. Lately
she received threatening letters from him
and at last he said he had started for
Whatcom.
Mrs. Stewart and Nesselroad were in
town this morning when Stewart anived.
The latter had aconveriation with her and
also with Nesselroad, and became angered.
He went to his valise, loaded his revolver,
and at a distance of four feet commenced
firing at Nesselroad, who turned and ran.
He was reloading his gun when a police
man arrested him.
Stewart is sober and cool and admits all
the facts, but says little. He is 42 years
eld and has lived in several places in Ne
vada and Washington previously. The
relations of Nesselroad and Mrs. Stewart,
so the husband claims, have been of too
intimate a nature, and this is supposed to
have been the real motive actuating Stew
art.
TA« Oregon at Seattle.
SEATTLE, Wash., May 20.— The battle
ship Oregon steamed into the harbor from
Port Orchard to-nieht and anchored off
Madison street. She will remain here
until Tuesday, going Hence to Port An
geles lor target practice. In June the
Oregon will receive cither at Astoria or
Portland tne silver service which is to be
presented to her in the name of the State
Irom which sne derives her name. Fol
lowine this a strong effort will be made to
have the vessel return to Seattle and par
ticipate in the Fourth of July exercises.
A HISTORIC SPOT.
The First Settlement of the Colony of
Massachusetts Bay.
There is one sacred, because historic,
spot in this commonwealth which should
long ago, by gift, purchase, or in some
other way, have become the property of
the Staie. We reler to the picturesque
locality variously known as "Stage Fort,'
"Stage Head" and "Fishermen's Field,"
in Gloucester. It juts out into the harbor
between the Cut bridge over the canal to
the Annisquam River and Fresh-water
Cove, and is conspicuous from the railroad
trains entering the city because of the
handsome avenue of ennsleading through
it. Its chief service of late years has been
to furnish an accessible circus-field, ex
cepting to those drawn to it to view fiom
the shore the magnificent sweep of the
outer harbor, to lish from its rocks, or to
ponder the story of the day when it was
the site of the fishing station of the "Dor
chester Company," the home of some 200
'planters" who established there the first
settlement of the Massachusetts Bay Col
ony.
The property known a« th* "Province
HEALTH FREE
IT IS ADMITTED THAT THE
only thing on earth that is absolutely
priceless is health. When once gone
it takes some skill to recover it. The
great trouble seems to be that those who
are ill do not apply for relief in time, or if
they do they go to where they have the
least chance of finding help The man-
agement of th; Hudson Medical Institute
has decided that for a week they will give
quite freely to those who are ill the latest
work on nervous diseases which has been
issued by their specialists. And in addi-
tion they propose to send a neat pocket
memorandum-book to all those who will
apply for it in the manner described be-
low, PROVIDING THAT THEY ARE
ILL. This is an attempt to help the sick
and should not be taken advantage of by
those who are well. Cut this coupon out
and forward it to the Hudson Medical
Institute, Stockton, Market and Ellis
streets, San Francisco.
Name
Address
To what do you attribute
your illness?  ..
Years and years have been spent in
producing that wonderful remedy "Hud-
yan," which is now regarded by all scien-
tists as the one great specific in nervous
debility cases. Its prompt action and its
matchless results amaze those who have
seen it in use. It makes manhood; it
builds up broken constitutions. In one
phrase, it restores life. Do you want to
know all about it? Cut out the coupon.
There is no charge whatever. All this
help is free to you. You want to get
your strength back, surely. The books
may help you. Try it! If you want the
advice of the doctors ask for it. That's
free, too 1 i
Lands," at the extremity of Cape Cod, has
always belonged to the commonwealth,
though the people cf the entire viliage of
Provincetown have by long residence
gained a title to a portion of it. Here the
Pilgrims made their first landing. "Fish
ermen's Fie.d," on Cape Ann, the site of
the first Puritan landing and settlement,
has always been in private hand?, though
generously kept open to the puolic.
By a fortunate* train of circumstances
this property still remains practically in
tact. Gloucester has for years been hopiu s
to be financially able to purchase it for a
park, but this has thus far been impossi
ble. A few years since it was rumored
that Cornelius Vanderbilt hau puichased
it and would erect a summer villa, and
great was the consternation in the city j
Chapter 352 of the acts of 1891 incorporated j
Frederick L. Ames, Pftiilip A. Chase, ,
Christopher Clarke, Charles R. Ccdman, ]
Elisha S. Converse, George F. Hoar, N. S.
Shaler, Francis A. Waiker, and others, as
a corporation, by the name of the 'Irustees
of Public Reservations, for the purpose of
acquiring, holding, arranging, maintain
ing and opening: to the public, under suit- i
able regulations, beautiful and historic ;
places and tracts of land within the com- j
monwealth. It can arquire and hold {
these tracts of grant, gilt, devise, pur- j
chase, or otherwise. The S;age Fort |
property — the remains of the revolu
tionary earthworks add to its historic in- I
terest — is both beautiful and historical, j
If private generosity cannot, be depended \
upon to furnish tue fnnds to place it in j
the hands of the trustees, the Lecislature i
should appropriate tne money, for it cer ;
tainlv is as deserving of perpetual reserva- j
tion "as the province lands or any other j
reservation. — Boston Trnnscipt, !
NEW TO-DAY.
Do you want
the earth?
Well, you come pretty near
getting it when you patronize
our Hat Department. jj
The regular hatters all over
town are kicking like fun at the
manufacturers because they
continue to sell us hats. We
shave the margin of profit
right down to bedrock and it
makes the hatters squeal.
Here is a new Fedora, for
instance, that we have in five
fashionable shades — black,
brown, maple, otter and cedar.
This hat is sold everywhere
else in this city for $2.
We sell it at $1.35.
Simply a matter of smaller
profits, more sales that's all.
CLOTHIERS AND HATTERS.
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
SMFRISCISCOWTHPI-
CMC RAILWAY CO.
Tiburou Ferry— Foot of Market st.:.'
San Francisco to San Rafael.
WEEK DAYS-7 :30. 9:00, 11:00 a. if.: 13:3 V
8:30, 5:10. 6:30 p. h. Thursdays— Extra trip
Bt 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at I:SJ
and 11:30 p. v. ■ --'■'■■ ■ '■'■
BUXDAYS-S:00, 9:30, 11:00 a. M.; 1:30, 3:34
6:00, 6:20 P. st
San Kafael to ««i Francl«co.
WEEK DAYS-6:15, 7:50, 9:' JO, 11:10 a. jf.
12:45, 3:40. 5:10 p. M. Saturdays— Extra trtpi
at 1:55 P. K. and 6:35 p. x.
ETJKDAYS-S:U>, 9:4 V, 11:10 a. v.; 1:10, 3:41 '
5:00,6:25 P. v.
Between San Francisco and 6cbuetzen Paris sams
HChedule as above. !
1-eare Tr , o __— . Arrive
Ban Francisco. April 28. ' B * n I'ranclsco.
Wekk I Sin- 1 , < , a I n ioa '' Snx- I Wrk ■
Days. I days. UCBtlnat '' on - ! n AY I Days.
7:30 am 8:00 am >'ova«>, |10:40 am sTio"A"ic i
3:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma. 6:10 pm 10:'J5 am
5:10 pm 5:00 pm Santa Kosa.| 7:35 pm 53>n
| i Fulton,
7.30 am I Windsor. I 10:25 am j
Healdsburg.
i ytton.
IGpyserville.
3:30 pm|8:00 am Cloverdale! 7:35 f»| 6:22 PM
7:30 aml I Hop.and <fe i |10:U5am
3:30 pm| 8:00 am| L" kiah. , 7:35 PM 6:'J3pm
7:30 am ! < 10:25 am
8:00 am GuernevlUe. i 7:35 px
; 3 :30 pm I I ■ 6:22 pm
' 7:30 am! 8:00 am Sonoma 10:40 am fcTi'J am
■ and': ■
6:10 pm 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. ; 6:10 pm 6:22 pm
7:30 AM 8. -00 am| eoas£ot)oL 110:40 AM|lo:'2^ am
S:3OPM|S:UOrMJ - eDastopol - j 6:10 pm 6:22 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark Wes.
Sprinas; at Geyservllle for Skaggs Springs: at
i Cloverdale for the Geysers; at land for Hi^b-
I tand Springs, xeiseyvilie. - Soda Bay. uUceport
«ndßartle;iSpringj; a; Uklah for Vichy sprinjrs,
haratoga Springs. Blui Lakes. laurel Deli Lake
, Upper Lake, Porno. Potter Valley. Jon.i Day's
Kiv^rsiile. Lie/ley's, Bncfenell's, Sanhedrin
Heights, HullvillP. Bocnevtlle Orr's Hot Sprin-s.
Mendoclno Cl:v. Fort Bragg, Westport, I'sal.
■ Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at reduoal i
rates.
On Sundays round-trip tlcWeu to aH , polnu ba.
3-ond ban Rafael at half rates. — .
Ticket Offices, 650 Hartetst., Chronicle hniHlnt.
A.W.FOSTER, R. x RY
Pre«. and Gen. Manager. Gen. Paas. Agent. _
MOIWT TAMALPAIS SCEXii RAILWAY
Via Sansali-.o Ferry).
Leave Sna Fraucisco Commencing May
"': 2,1897: ■-••■-:.■"
WEEK DAYS_9:4 S a. m. : 1:45.6:15 p. m.
_ bUM»AYS-8:0u, 9:0o, 10:00. 11 a. x.; 1:45
2:30 P. m. :, - ■-:.-■ ■■.■■■ --.-■- .■ ..- ■ .-• .-.
inn^ l 2 f^4* ! SoV MlfL VALLEY or THO<
COOK & SON, 621 Mark-: St.. San Francis o
(unaer Palate JJotel.) :;, Telephone -Main su6i
■ CUPIOESE S tren S then 9 k an3 r^to^^au S~' *"
?!^n A^ ri "f a / n l^ t v efive .? B 2 d 1 5 0 . ne " relo "»ed v six boxes does not eFectawfflSSnSiSS^'
JlXo»box,Elif>iT-Js.(».by malLtß^rdfnr.TOtsclrca'arancl testimonials* pe.m*oeateura
AU4.«** i>j.» U- Jlxi^CA^;^ CO.. 1170 ai«ker«trc eu -S*n Francisco. C»L ForW,b»
■ . . - - ■ ■ ' ""■";■■■"- '■-'"■ '' ■■■.'■■■ . -"■- ■ ' " n-frr-l h,m mr !■■ . ■iTTt
DUFFY'S PURE
fgra M AiTWH!SKrY
roR^MEDICINAL'USE
NO FUSEL OIL
Regulates the life, pre-
vents Malaria and is a re-
liable remedy for the home
Send for illustrated
pamphlet to
DUFFY MALT WHISKEY CO.,
Rochester, N. Y.
RAILROAD TRAVEL ;
■OI'THKRX I'ACIFIC COJIPAinV
(l-ACIi 1C liVSia.)
Train* leave ami mtc iliio to arrive »l
NAN FKA.\«IS«O.
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street)
I.eate — From May 16. 1597. — arritb
•0:OOa Niles, San Jose and Way Stations
7:OOa Atlantic Expreaß, Ogdeu and East.. 8:45p
7:OOa Benicia, Sacramento, Oroville and
Redding via Davis 5:45p
7:00 a V acaville and Ramsey 8:43p
7:3Ua Martinez, San Ramon, Vallejo. >'apa,
Caliatoga and Santa Eosa 6:13p
8:30 a Niles, Bail Jose, Stocktou, lone,
Sacramento, Marjsville, Chico,
Tehama and Tied Uluir 4HSp
•S: 3oa Peters and Miitou «7:lSp
0:00 a New Orleans Kxiireru, Merced, l'resno,
BakerslieM, baiita Itarbara, l.os
Augelei), Demi El Paso, New
Orleans and East 4z4Sr
9:00 a Martinez and Stockton 4:4." ip
8:00 a Vallejo 12:15p
....... Niles, San Jose, Lirermore and
Stockton 7:13p
*1:00p Sacraiaento River Steamers *U:OOp
l:OOp Niles, San Jose and Lirertnore... 8:43 a
fl:3OpPort Costa and Way Stations f?:49p
4:oo±> Martinez, .Sau ltauion, VaUejo,
-. Napa, Calistoga, 1-1 Verano and
SauUßosa.. Bil3a
4:00p Benicia, Vacavjlle, Woodland,
Knights Landing, MarrsTille, Oro- .
Tille aud Sucraineiitu ", 0:43 a
4i3or Lathrop, Stockton, Modesto, Mer-
ced, Raymond (for Yosenate). and I
Fresno, going via Niie=, returning
Tia Martinez 12:15p
S:00pIos Angeles Express, Tracy,
Fresna Mcjave (for Randsburg),
Santa Barbara and l.os Angeles. 7>43a
3:00p Santa Ft; Route, Atlantic Express
for Moja»e and East 7:43 a
0:OOp European Mail, Ogilen and East.... I>:43a
G:oOi> Hayivurdß. Niles ami San Jose 7:43 a
t8:«0p Vallejo f7:43p
Bioop Oresou lixpress, Sacramento, Marjs-
Tille, Redding, Portland, Puget
Sminil ami Kant 7:43 a
SAS LtA.M»m> i.M) UAIWIBM LOCAL.
(Foot of Market Street.) ■
i*6:«Oal ( 7:15 a
8:OOa Melrose, Seminarjr Ptrk, «0:43 a
IO.oSI FitchbnnrjElohurnt, \u&\.
ii 1:00 a San Leandro, Sooth Sao <f\ 13:43p
U 2^o«p Leandro, EstndUlo, {l\\?l
t»:oor V Lorenso. CherrT. — ■ 4:43p
4:00p ' J ,~^ t3:43p
3:00p • na ' . > ' 6:1
3:3«p H.ynard*. -^ 7:43p
8:00p i Rang thronzh'to NDes. 1 • ,% i i !ir
ttll:15p; tFr myUeg • ttl2:OOp
SAMA CKHZ IUVIMON (.Narrow tiangej.
(Foot of Market Street.)
43a Santa Cruz Excursion, Santa Cruz
and Principal Way Stations JS:O3 r
8:13 a Newark, Centerville,.Saii.lose,Felton >
Coulder Creek, Santa Cruz and Way ;
Stations 353«»
•2:13p Newark. Centerville, San Jose. New Ti-
-■■-.- Aluiadei,. Keiton. lioulder Creek. ' ...t'-
Sauta Crux aud Principal Way - «."
SUtions.... «11:«Oa
4slsp Sau .losu and Glenw<jod B:3Oa'
■;4:15p Felion and Santa Cruz {»:50a
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
from SIH FRIKCISCO— of Market Street (Slip 8)—
•7:15 9:00 Il:00*.JI. tl:03 *2:C3 . t3:30
•<:C3 : *S:CO •6::3 p.m.
OAIUID— FooI of Broidwiy.—*6:OO 8.-00 HhOOi.M.
tl2:00 *l:00 t8:03 *3:CO t*M *3:03 p.M.
(OAST IH VISION .lliir.l X Townse'ud Sts.) '
*7:OUa San Jose and Way stations (New
' Almaden Wednesdays only) l:30p
{7:30 a Sunday Excursion lac San Jose.
Saata Craz, Pacific Grove, and
Principal Way Stations X&iZSr
0:00 a Sau Jose, Trea Pinos. Hauta Cruz,
PaciQc Orote, Paso Robles, San
I.nis Oltispo, Guadalupe, Surf aud
Principal Way SUtions 4:13p
10:40 a San Jose and Way Stations 7:30?
11:30 a Palo Alto au.l Way Stations 5:OOr
•2:30p San Mateo, Redwood, Menlo Park,
, Ban Jose, Gilror, Tres Pinos, Sauta
?■: -. Oruz,SaUnas, Monterey and Pacific ' .
Grove *10:40 a
■8:XOp Sau Jose ar.d Way Stations 9:43 a
•4s3OrBan Jose ami Way SUtions »8:O3a
3:30p Jose ami Principal Way Stations *8:43 a
H:3Oi> San Jose aud Way .Stations 6:03 a
t11:43i- Sau Jose aud Way Sutions
A for Morniug. P for Afternoon.
• Sundays excei.te>i. J Sundays only, t Saturdays only
♦ t Monday. Thursday and Saturday nights only.
■f Saturdays aid Shtkl»vh S Sr.n«l<»T« n^d M«r«'*»s.
Santa Fe "^j^H^j
On MONDAYS and
rHrR»DAYe tt© first- HSRS»»»gH
class I'ullman K'«ep:QC-car |R|3aE^y
eavine at 5 P. U. connects W»a^ta a^nF
it Jbtamow with th« &>anta S»-JTJ|
('• limited Tra carrying /|BHL~^jHp^Ev
JiDlQg-car, bnffet smokins- Afgggv y&WR ,
sar and Pullman ja.ac £FpSfjS&B^xwL
Irawlne-room »!eeplnc-c«TS i2S3E^^2«i^i4
for boih Chicago and S-
Louis Tla Kaosas City.
3}s Übji to Chicago or St. Loula.
»Ji I>3T» to Xeir York.
SANTA FE EXPRESS
Lcarea daily at 6p. M. Pullman ace drnt!c r '
room, also modern upholstered tourist aletplnr-
can, thr. uith to <. aicago Tla Kansas Clir. Anaex .
:ars for Denver and st. Louis.
Boston excarslons Tia Kansas Clry. Cb:caK<\ .
Montreal and tbe White Mountains leare every
ruesday : Pt- Panl excnrsloss every Snnday.
Ticket Office, 644 Market «rre*t, 1 rtron*
lole building. lalephone Main 1531.
SORTH PAGFIC COAST RAILROAD
I (Via Sausalito Ferry).
t'rom San Irancisco, Commenclas May 2. 1897.
WEEKDAYS.
For Mill Valley and s.-\n Rafael— 7:oo, •8:15.
♦9:45, ll:.O a. m.. •1:15, 3:.0. *:00, 5r15
•6:00.6:30 p. tl. '
Extra trips for San Rafael on Mondays. Wednes-
days and Saturdays at 11 :30 p. n.
SUNDAYS.
For Mill Valley and San Rafael— *B .00. *9:00
•10:1)0. ll:O->. 11:33 a. sc; 1:00, '1:45, ♦3:3(J.
•4:00,5:30,6:45.11:00 p.m.
11:00 a M. does no; run to San Rafael: 6:30 and
1. :U0 p. jf. do not run to Still Va'lev.
Trains marked • run to San Quentln."
THROUGH TRAINS.
T:00 a. v. weetanrs for Catadfro and w»y sta-
tions; 1:45 p.. M. Sat.irda>-s for Caudero an •
way stations: 8:00 a. v. sundavs tor Caa*dera
and «ays(at!oas; 9:03 a. m. Aundaya for Po nt
Reyes and way statoas '
THE SIS FRASCISCO mm JOAQDLI
mm kailwav COHPI3(r.
FROM APt;iL 15, 1897, passenger traloa wUI
run daily: . ; . . .
boutabaund. . Stations. Northbound.
7:20 a. M. ..Stockton .6:40 p. m.
9.49 a. if Merced 3:14 p. it
11:£0 a M Fresno l:10p. m.
lor Intermediate stations time-table. ■ ■• ' "
r*v a li^ 9 T Atl . s.tcc-;on wlth steatnooa^ of
«c » J 2!b leavtD s * n Fmncisco and 6 octtoa
at 6 p.m. daily: at. Merced with s:a»ea fr-m SaeU-
ings, tou tervll:«, Yosemlte. MartpoiA. | *lc: as
i.anKersh:m xvi h »tag« to and trom J«ar.e.-a.IN HONOR OF
THE MARTYR
Lincoln Monument Fund
Steadily Increas
ing.
Important Meeting of the Exec
utive Board Wednesday
Night.
Additional Names From the Schools
and From the Custom-
House.
The executive board of the Lincoln Mon
ument Laague met at Foresters' Hall
Wednesday nieht A letter was read
from Secretary of War Alger acknowledg
ing the receipt oi his certificate of mem
bership. and complimenting the league
on its progress.
Tirey L. Ford and William Greer Harri-
son- sent letters consenting to act on the
finance committee. A friendly letter wai
reacl from Henry George.
Cbarlen Barringion informed the com
mittee that the Board of Education had
consented to the dm of the auditorium in
the GirJs' High School building on .the
evening of Lincoln day, Friday, May 28,
with the understanding that the exercises
were to be a culmination of the proceed
ings of the day iv the schools.
Professor Ehsha Brooks, principal of
the Girls' Hifih School, reported that the
programme for .Lincoln night had been
oniy partially arranged. Mayor Pbelan
will pre?id«. General Barnes and Judge
Dibble will deliver short addresses.
Judge M. Gooney, chairman of the com
mittee on public meetings, was requested
by President Stone to act with Professor
Brooks in the preparation of the pro
gramme of the night.
William Greer Harrison was appointed
chairman of the finance committee, Judge
M. Cooney chairman of the committee on
public meetings and Charles B, Perkins
committee chairman of churches and Sab
bat!.-schools.
Josepn Steel? of the ways and means
committee Btated that in his rounds he
bad visited >everal parochial schools and
the quo .l sisters in ciiaree were found to
be in very hearty accord with the objects
of the league, and they had expressed a
hope tnat tney would be visited by the
details of veteran?.
Cumrades jonn Massey of Colonel Cass
Post, Greene of Liberty Post and Hayes of
Garfield Po-t were requested to act as a
special commiitee to look after this visita
tion.
F. R. Handley of the Sons of Veterans
paid a high compliment to the enterprise
and. patriotism of Tee Call aud spoke of
the creditable display made in the uubli
cation of the names of children joining
the league.
F. J. Peck nominated F. R. Handley as
assistant secretary and the appointment
w«- confirmed.
Colonel 0. Mason Kinne reported that
about $600 had been deposited in the
ba n k.
President Stone stated that several cer
(iheaM booßholders were keeping back
collections, bavin? a pride in turning In a
hirge iump sum. One thing was sure, tne
.league had turned the first thousand dol
lar milestone, as the money deposited and
in hands of bookbolders was now in ad
vat: cc of that sum.
The committee on ways and means,
through its chairman, Joseph Steele, in
troduced Messrs. Smitn and Cirtie who
niaile a proposition to conduct the profes
sional end of a grand military tourna
ment in the Mechanics' Pavilion early in
June.
After a long discussion the proposition
was accepted by a rising vote and the fol
lowing committee was appointed to take
it in hand: Jud^e M. Cooney, William
Greer Harrison, Colonel C. Mason Kinne,
Judge Henry C. Dibble and Joseph Steele.
Ttie president was subsequently added.
Quartermaster Eugene Wiegand was au
thorized to purchase supplies for the vari
ous chairmen.
Following are additional namei re
ceived :
MiMion Grammar School.
Blanche M. Cossman I'ercy Lord
Wayne White J. L. White
Fannie Lord Airs Hansen
.Mrs. H. Bultelmann C F. Butt
William Miller Heury cbade
Hammond S. Weaver Jr arl .... Quellmalz
>'raulc E. Bergdanl John a. uerner
Harry C. Allan Lizzie Mai. son
WI.I Day Me.la Kosenberg
Ju ia Kills Michael l.hrhart
•N. F. &uliivan Mrs. C. H. Crowell
>'. W. Crovrell William Schuue
' Ed,;a . Ill* Mr bimone ia
Alfred de Witt Charles K.lis
Lv n I'.lils Mis. Adeline Klapperich
Airs. hnulenhau* Ida >chiuit-nhaui
.-iuni:*-! .1 Daly .Nellie Boone
Mrs. Boone ie- > oui.l
Oiga Meyer Mar.on on Boia
1 i-inor Anderson - jda W ghtii.au
. Alex JlacDoua d Melville Aich ;
\\ Iter Ko-,enberg Charles B«oi.e
"Arthur Gould Henry Basteln
A. J. t orbes William Barr
M. P. i'orb-s Maud Forbes
Adams. Grammar School.
Adele Morgenstern Helen Baum
William Cohen Greicben Holsn
Frank Mueller Fred .Samuels
Silas --inslu-lmer Miriam Meyerfeld
Charles 8. Church Clarence Buck
Annie BacK Julius Back
Theodore Eibea Caro Lippmann
Miss C. Amish .Mrs. I. w. Caro
Mrs. U. H. Moor* Mrs. Caro
Ida I ong CoraSaroni
Sydney Marlenateln Sophie Harris
Ida i'urleuslcy Freeda Jucnler
Martha Jucnler Leila Lisevine
Leon Kntner Arthur COQen
Ous Khrenpfort Alvio Etirenpfort
Ida £hreuplort Claire Braunsbanc
WlHI* Wolnne Freaa Woilq*
T. B. Potter A. liar nan a
Vero;.ica Mineral B nice
Whter Company lioiren Bros
I>avid <ioo<liijaa Henry Bose
>ierben ilellwig Gertrude Cohn
Kv.i.-iern .Mrs. W. Bali
Monroe acnuessler Mr. >cuuessier
i'.ubie Bundschu Ewala AtiKerman
H. H. ,-vi rniunn Kuiily M. Kibler
Vlo:» G. Levy
Horace Mann School.
Allan Morari i-.lsa Bchmied«>r
Jessie .Martin Dora bchmit-der
i ottle Jviilgo c Aniliie I'ouruier .
Adda Kliigord William sebmidt
I>. H. Harley Clyde Calvin
Charles «>umb.e M. -i. K. J. KuowHon
John Honston . Iva Kuovvlton .
Hettie .Moore Leslir M. Sane
J. C. fcchinidt l'arkes iiumbe
J red A. Hinz Annaßemensperger
Mildred W. Moote Florence i hompson
Ihayne i oblnson Alice Coffee
Alice Bellman, ueorj?e S. Young
Jiury K. Mayberry John i . Young
Gpor^e W. JJoyd Marie d'Kr.acn
.. rs. oeorge \V. Boyd Lottie schnelder
Mrs. J. M. Young Freaa K. X enck
Miss Mary A. .Nelson Ada Goldsmith
i.enaMoeller K. Myrtle Whlpple
Miss C Firnhaber Mrs. H. U. Hawkins
.Robert Hageman Ida Marsh
Kthlyn Corn Archie -Neilson
Mii. S. A. Dick Leonie Dnnn
Nellie .Schmieder . . Frances Han
Clarence Laumeister Anion Laumelster
Dunman Grammar. School.
I.milia Tracy Miss M. Kirby
11. l rotman Mrs. >.. K. Kirby
. Mau. \ce s>ch:oen ili.ss 8. Kirby
Millie H^mprl ■ Helen O^llvie .
Arley .m-liod . ' Mary suih
Miss <lson H^zel Kyan
C. H lleb'-and J- d .a iSeedham
j ugh Mel >onnell " Ermmal <■«< <lufera
Mildred bailee Frances Koster : .
i-d a Le» Is • lioroihy ireene
l.lzzli! Painter S. c. Fanveil '
, I)«vid i'a.nter ' ' Mis. A. F. .Marsh
P«art Aldtn Ladd H. E. Poehlman
.<lßr<el:a Kitzglbbon A. Laroche •
Lizzie hiizg,bii<in M. Krak.tr- . •
l-.ii. 11.44 M. ithlen ' Luclle B. Kelly
Bessie G. tanford • Mrs. Harnptuu
L'.ara Ll tie Marguerite Tourney
Hattie M. Baldwin Vida Tourney
Ros» A. hley Stone Et«llc» Price
JdaPrecht Mrs. l>ewey Coflln
Kdna bchaen Archie Oilrillan
May i.ohde h-Ofhte J. Gilfillan
Kva McCarthy Bernlce Barr
Johanna Kohde -Mrs. s. Jiarr
M. Delfs Miss a. Windy .
Minnie Powers A. O. Jewel
Leule B. Wilson <ieorge W. Hooper *. ■:-■£:
Miss H. Collins Mrs. ueorge • \V. Hooper
v . K. Collins 8. c. Flagg. Kxeter, JS. H.
Lurlhie >ohu c. O. Scoit
s. il. \» est ' E. C. Flagg
Lillian West .Mrs. K. C. Flag*
May Hofiuann Miss Knlce FluKg '
Mrs. J. A ijofmunn M. B. 0 avion, san Jose
Miss *>. K. ■minnn Ktta G. Heath
TurlaAnne - Aileeu H>untssy
Florence Wi^on William Hennes<y
Hose Boskowltz . Charlotte Gregory
Bertha Brownin; Dorothy Dnncombe
Province Wilson Edith G. Moody
Emily Anglade W. S. Uuncombe
Jsaoei V. Fredericks lonise M. Osgood
fcdith M. Fredericks Chnr.es P- Osgood
i . M. Hofnaann ' Mrs. M. Courtuey
Birdie Hill Mrs. A. ,K. Kinaleberger
Haule M. Merrlam Dr. Mary K. Botsford
Adolph c. Jacob i»r. F. scott . . "
J. Goetjen MlssK. Quigley
Kvelyn nuttlger Miss Jena le Larson
i'airmuant Primary School.
Alga Fnrrer Jame* Hood
Albtrt Furrer Violn Cameron
Annie Linn Louis* B. Bucher
ttta Edwards iniin Carsiensoa
Louise SchwelllDger Joseph Praaei
Hose Schweliinger Annie Sohloason
J-.lla GianotU Hatlie Ke terer
Charles Oznay ihomasJ. l urner
Mrs. K. S. Walker Grate E. l urner
itose Lynch Mrs. T. K. urner
Willie Kf-imers William t'osberry
-'Ima coon jaerbert Turner
Mrs. E. Bone X.eiha -ra:th
>adie Hamerton Eciwartl Maioney
May Ward Mrs. de Irwin
Florence Tonkin R. C. Thorpe
Mr. William Tonkin A. W. Baldwin
Mn. W. lonkin J. Ba<
James a; Toukln J. Web»4«
Janet Peterson James M«goonls
Mr. M.. Mo toy Jam s liear:y
Mrs. Annie Molloy Hail 1 liurpt>
Eddie Mohoy SO]. hit) 1 horpe
Lottie C haff.-r . akd^s 8 eason
Arthur KlHhn . Ethel Ll.lle
liviii Institute for Younu Ladies.
Bey. K. B. Church ' Mrs. L. Humphrey-Smith
Mme. d. >is-aerrera jsirs. K. B. cuurcn
Miss E. M. Plnkliam -«hss E. <-uppy
A.iss R. otudley Juliei Bredou
Myrtle Lieb ' • Aunie Barrett
i-.flisou Vernon Irene Martin
Mand Ferguson i-,dna bniart
Miss J. wart Miss L. Luca«
Gertrude Blasingame i arlol.a Vauco
Amy Peterson M.vra l.owe
Dorabelle Grauo J-eruanda Pratt
Katharlue .-^cnluelex May sculueter
i-attle Morse llary >.cLiermott
Eihyl Low Florence Hume
liuih Stokes Eleanor ftoper
Ena Bohlmann Blanche Uoaue
Leila cUermott Florence stetson
i-lv.ra Hobbs Lizzie Aa>ms
Knby Cnr.e Lot.ie Underhill
Knth Mitchell Armoutine Mouges
Eva Varnev Maud Varney
Clara Gaddml Blanche Southark
£mlly MucA'eiU
Custom-Home Employes.
H. E. Footman E. P. Matteson
W. O. Pray F. M. Avilla
I). J. O'Leary William P. Johnson
U. G. Kenny William McKeuna
B. S. Harrison Charles K. Cloyes
W. H. Hoburg Thomas E. Hearty
J. W. Prabasco A. Holleywood
William H. Thornley G. W. Cope
L. HlbbarU J. C. Brorterlck
W. A. Linbaugh C. L Marpa
W. I. Kip s. Hasliißa
PHYSICIANS BANQUETED.
Twenty-One Graduates of the
California Medical Coliege
Dined.
During the Evning Toasts Were
Responded To b7 th- Faculty of
the Institution.
Twenty-one graduates of medicine were
banqueted in Campi's restaurant by the
faculty of tne California Medical College
last evening. The large banquet hail was
strikingly decoratsd with the college
colors, ferns and flowers. Glitter ng cut
glass and silverware embellished the iong
banquet table, which appeared in bold
contrast to the somber blauk in which the
physicians were attired.
Professor Van Meter was the toastmaster
of the evening, and in answer to his calls
the following toasts were responded to:
"Our Alma Mater," Dr. H. Fuchs; "The
Faculty," Professor Buinbridge; "Class of '97,"
Dr. C. Troppm&un; "The Aiumni." Professor
Harvey; "Eclecticism," Dr. Gladding; "Tne
Ladies," Professor Van Meter; "County Medi
cal Society." Professor G. G. Gere; "State
Eclectic Society," Professor H. D. Mehr
mann; "Maclean Hospital," Professor Lou'a:i;
•'National Eclectic Association," P;« cs,or
Maclean, and "Our Journal," Professor Miller.
Those present at the banquet were:
Doctors J. C. BalnbridKe, R. W. Mu^grave, J.
A. J. McDonald, F. <i. Fay, Charles N. Miller,
H. B. Bolton, Annie v iior.cl, S. G. Brausford,
M. B'.iuiche Bolton. C. If. Troppmann, E. T.
Lemieux, J. W. Hammo:id, M. < . Hssseu, H.
W. llunsaker, G. E. Hftli. T. O. McSwain, R. A.
Cranston, G. W. Bryant, H. Fuchs, John
Bonone, C. F. Gladd'inif, M. S. de Silva, C. H.
Francis, K. E. Hicks. E. L. R. Wallace, M. E.
Van Meier, D. Maclean, G. H. Derrick, D. A.
Derrick, E. H. Mercer, J. G. Tompkins, A. F.
Veale, C. H. Walworth, R t. Scott. A. E. Scoit,
C. CIHrK, W. A. Harvey, M. Silva. W. O. Wil
cox. M. H. Logan, H. B. Melomann, E. H.
Mottner, H. E. Currey, Charles Clark, W. P.
Scott, H. T. Webster, J. Fearn, W. B. Church,
F. Cornwall, J. W. Hamilton, O. L. Jones ana
B. Stetson.
Knocked Down bj a Bicyclist.
John Bare, ironmolder, lliiS l^ Broadway,
was crossing Beale and Howard streets last
evening when he was knockod down by a
bicycle ridden by Edward H. Kimball. Bare
was taken to the Receiving Hospital, where it
was found that he had three wounds on his
scalp, his wrist was sprained and his upper
lip cut. Kimball was arrested and charged
with battery.
fEMALE PENSIONERS.
Widow* of Men Who Saw Active Service
in the War of the .Revolution.
Seven women are still drawing pensions
as the widows of men who saw active
service in the War of the Revolution
women whose husbands served under
Washington more than 120 years ago—
writes Clifford Howard in the February
Ladies' Home Journal. The eldest of
these surviving widows of the Revolution
is living at Los Angeles, Cal. She ia Mrs.
Lovey Aidrich, now in the 98th year of
her age. Her husband was Private Caleb
Aidrich, who was born in the year 1763,
and served as a soldier boy in the New
England campaigns of the war.
Mrs. Nancy Jones of Jonesboro, Term ,
whose husband was Darling Jones, a pri
vate in one of the North Carolina regi
ments, is the youngest of the revolutionary
winows, being now about 83 years of age.
The other five are Nancy Cloud, who is liv
ing at Cburr.Va., and in the widow of Ser
geant William Cloud of Captain Chris
tian's Virtrinia line: Esther 8. Damon of
Plymouth Union, Vt , whos-p husband was
Private Noah Damon of Massachusetts;
M:iry Snead, living at Parksley, Va.,
wldowof Private Bo wdoin Snead; Nancy
A. Weathirman, who lives at Elk Mills,
Term., and whose first husband was
Robert Glascock, tifer in one of the Vir
ginia regiments, and Rebecca Mayo, living
at Newbern, Va., widow of Stephen Mayo,
a soldier from Virginia. That these
women can be the widows of revolution
ary soldiers is readily understood in view
of the fac- that their husbands were well
on in years when they married. As, for
example, when Esther Surr.ner married
Noah Damon, in the year 1835 — fifty-two
years after the close of the war— she was
bat 21, while he was 76. The last revolu
tionary widow pensioner who had mar
ried prior to the close of the war, and uad
therefore actually lived during the revolu
tionary times, was Nancy Serena, widow
of Daniel F. Bakeman. She dieit about
twenty-seven years ago, only a year or
two after her husband, who was the last
of the revolutionary soldiers on the pen
sion roll.
An enterprising Scotch minister in Mel
bourne has arrayed bis male choristers in
Highland dress, whue the ladies are at
tired in the costume of the "Lady of the
La**." The hymns are sung to the
strains of the bagpipe and the church is
crowded.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MAY 21, 1897.
PLAYGROUNDS FOR
THE CHILDREN
Each Public Park Will)
Have a Plat Dedicated
to Them.
A New Plan Adopted by the
Street Committee of the
Supervisors
The Depot of the Park and Ocean
Road Must Be Mcmd Within
Ninety Days.
The Street Committee of the Board of
Supervisors has decided on a measure
that will be a godsend to thousands of
children who, in the narrow confines of
this big City, have little or no place
for recreation, and are prevented on ac
count of the expense of the trip from mat
ing frequent visits to the people's play
ground — Golden Gate Piirk.
In future each publii park and square
wiil have its children's playground, where
the little ones can tumble about in the
grass at their pleasure, with no fear of the
big blue-coated policeman or burly gar
dener, who now keep them at a distance
from the enticing green sward.
Chairman Devany of tho committee
made a tour of the parks and squares on
Tuesday and instructed the gardeners to
set aside a plat in each one for the use of
the children and not to interfere with the
youngsters as long as they keep within
their boundaries.
Then he instructed them to select some
sheltered spot and have an area boarded
in ami filled with clean white sand, where
tue babies can play una«r tfce watcuful
eyes of their nurses or attendants.
Some of the gardeners demurred on
the ground that tlie trrass would soon be
so worn by the children's feet as to ruin
the j od.
'•Then move them to another place and
give the grass a chance," answered Mr.
Devany, and the gardeners had to be con
tent. It may be remarked that Mr. Dev
any is a man of family and that he appre
ciates how much the children will wel
come this scheme to give them pleasure.
The chairman reported the matter to
the committee yesterday for Its approval
and all agreed that the plan was a good
one.
The committee took up and discussed
the matter of widfuine Stanj'an' street
and considered the reply of the Market
street Railroad Company to a recent in
quiry as to when the corporation would
b ■ ready to move the depot and fences of
the Park and Ocean road that now en
croach on the thoroughfare that it is pro
posed to imDrove.
It is the plan of the committee not only
to widen Stanyan street, but to provide a
new entrance to Golden Gate Park
through the southeastern corner for the
convenience of the people of the Mission
It was decided to require the company
to move the depot and fences within
ninety days, and the following report was
prepared for presentation to the board:
Regarding the communication of the Mar
ket-street Railroad Company, rile,ii May 17,
1897, stating that a proposition for the Con
vening of the present steam road of the Park
aud Ocean Railroad Company into an electric
road is under consideration, which, if accom
plished, will doubtless lead tUe directors to
co-operate in any leasible plan for the im
provement of that portion of Stanyan street
covceii by its station buildings, etc.
la this matter, your committee would stato,
while desiring to accommodate the company
as far as practicable, ihu main question as to
when the company would remove its station
and buildings from the street bas inadvert
ently remained unanswered.
Your committee, therefore, reports in favor
of requiring the Market-street Railroad Com
pany to remove the depot fences and build
ings within a period oi ninety days.
The committee consideied bids for gild
ing Loita's Fountain, and decided to rrc
ommend that tlie contract be awarded to
J. H. Keefe, whose b d was s24s. The other
t->nder> were S. & G. Gump $475, Thomas
Downing $350 and M. Stein $2rJ5.
No advertisements are to be allowed on
the fences that will surround the fountain
while the work is under way, and the job
must be finished within fifteen days to the
satisfaction of the Mayor.
It was decided to recommend that the
Market-street Company be instructed to
pi. -ice gates for the safety of pedestrians
and teams at the following crossings:
Townsend and Eighth streets, Harrison and
Sixteenth, San Jose and Circular avenues,
Ocean avenue and Southern Pacific Railroad
crossing opposite the brancn jaiis, San Jose
and Plymouth avenues, Temh and Braunan
streets, Potrero avenue and Division street,
Ninth, Utah and Division ; Army and Guerrero,
San Josi and Sickles avenues.
THE KING WAS CROWNED.
Anniversary Festivities of the
San Francisco Schuetzen
Verein.
Fine Display of Friz s at California
Hall — Leading Marksmen
Recognized.
There was a festal array of talant and
beauty at California Hall last night. Oc
casion of the assembly was the thirty
eighih anniversary of the San Francisco
Schuetzen Verein and ihe distribution of
the prizes recently gamed in open com
petition.
A large space was reserved on the base
ment floor of the hall lor a display oi the
prizes, and the vast collection embraced
articles of utility and ornament. Some of
the prizes were costly and mftny were
highly artistic. Early in the evening a
dense throne of ladies and gentlemen
assembled there to hear the reading of
awards and view the trophies of the range.
The following is a list of the principal
prize- winners:
Bowling alley — Gus Glinderman, H. H.
Burfeind, J. Ulinderman, D. Otten, William
Glinderman, H. Bxrtholz, J. Heitman, J.
Peters, William Mocker. H. Aldacic, J. Schlam
mer, F. Atlinger, F. Kn:e, C. 11 unman, F.
Dicken, D. Otten, William Glinderman, H.
Steilmg, E. Goetze, J. Heitman, U. Aldack,Wil
liam Feineke, J. Peters, A. H. Pape, George
Bchomer, Chnrles TMerbach, A. Tomalen.
Sh< oting, best centers- O. Lemke, George
Alpers, L. Ben^el, A. H. PHpe, D. B. Faktor,
H. Wicker, Philo Jaeoby, N. Ahrens, F. P.
Schuster. Max Hocfle, Frank Krug, D. Mc-
Laughlin, F. Rus:, J. Utschig, A. Berwlsen.
Most points— J. Utscnig, F. P. Schuster. N.
Ahrens. D. B. Fakior, Charles Thlerbach, A.
Strecker, George Alpers, A. H. Pape, h. Ben-
Uel, H. WicWer, D. McLaughlin, Phiio Jaeoby,
A. Junßbluth. H. Burfeind. A. Bertelsen.
Man target— l). McLsughlin, J. Ut3Chig, A.
Strecker, K. Attineer, D. Heise, A. Pape, A.
Khrenpfort, George AlpertJ'^C Nobamn, D. B.
Faktor, Charles Thierbach, E. Goeize, L. Ben
del, A. Jungbiuth, N. Ahrens, William Garms,
H. Huber, F. P. Schuster, ri. Wicker, L.
ilsak-e.
Premiums, most red flags— D. B. Faktor, D.
McLaughlin, A. H. Pape, N. Ahreus, H. Wicker,
Geoige Alpers, A. Strecker, F. P. Bcnuster.
Man target — L. Haake, \\ ill lam Garrug, D.
McLaughlin.
At the company target. May 16, the
scores numbered 109. The leaders were:
N. Ahrens 70, L. H. Ritzau 67, A. H. Papa
66 George Alpers 64. 1). B. Faktor 64, A.
Hooker 64. E. M. We ism an 63 H. Hellberg 62,
J. Lankinger 62, i. P. Schuster 62.
The event last night was the crowning
of Lawrence Bauer as king. He gained
this royal prerogative for his luck or skill
in shooting away the last piece of the
eagle. He secured, aside from the honors,
a cash prize of $150 and a medal valued at
?50. At 10 o'clock last night he was duly
escorted to the stage in the main hall dur
ing a pause in the dancing, and there in
the presence of the vast assembly crowned
king of all the marksmen.
CHILDREN POISONED.
Bye Bread, in Consequence, Sent to the
Board of Health to Be
Analyzed.
Four children of Abram Sngerman, 322
Thirteenth street, are supposed to have
been poisoned by eating rye bread, and
Professor Wenzcll of the Board of Health
will make an analysis of the bread to as
certain whether it contained anything of
a p>isonouß nature.
Three of the children— a baby 19 months
old, a boy 5 years old and a giri 10 — ate a
portion of the bread between 2 and 3
o'clock Wednesday nfternoon and drank
some milk. Almost immediately after
the three children turned deathly sick and
vomited and retched to such an extent
thai Mrs. Sugarman became alarmed and
sent for Dr. Soboslay, the family physi
cian.
He thought it was an attack of colic and
prescribed accordingly. Wi.en a little
sirl 7 years of age returned from school
she ate a portion of the bread, but drank
no milk, and she suffered in the same
way as the others, and the parents con
cluued th-re must have been something
wrong with th<- bread and gave the re
maining portion of the loaf to Policeman
M. Anle:son, who, as instructed by Cap
tain Gillen, took it to the Board of Heaith
yesterday morning for analysis.
Sugerman refuses to give the name of
the baker until he learns the result of the
analysis.
SOME QUEER BAIL BONDS
Chief of Pol.Ci Lees Reads a
Lesson to tbe Police
Judges.
Warned to Be Careful of Bonds That
R present Property in San
M teo County.
Chief of Police Lees extended an invi
tation to the Judges and prosecuting at
torneys of all the Police Courts to meet
him in conference yesterday morning in
regard to bail-bond matters and particu
larly in regard to the case of Mabel Keat
ing, the notorious pickpocket.
Judges Joachimsen and Conlan and
Prosecuting Attorneys Graham and Ho
gan, also Clerk Foley of Conlan's court,
met the Chief.
Judge Low is away on his vacation and
Judge Campbell did not appear on ac
count of illness.
The recent order issued by the Chief to
his officers on jail duty not to liberate any
prisoner on an order from any Judge ex
cepting the one who committed him was
discussed and the first opportunity will be
taken to test its legality. When this comes
tue prisoner will be brought before the
Superior Court on a writ of nabeas corpus
and a decision obtained.
The Chief cautioned the Judge in regard
to accepting bail bonds waere the prop
erty represented lay on the boundary line
of San Mateo Coun ty, as tbere were any
number of boeus deeds to such lands on
the market.
At the suggestion of the Chief Judge
Joachimsen issued a bench warrant for
the arrest of Mab.-l Keating and Minnie
Moran. Tnese women were held on a
charge of vagrancy a few days ago, and, as
the Chief was unaware that a felony
charge was pending against the Keating
woman, he did not oppose the request of
her attorney to allow ncr to go on ncr own
recognizance, providing she leave the
Skate. She failed to appear in court yes
terday morning, and the uencli warrant
was issued.
The felony case still hangs over the
woman, who first was allowed to go on
paying $500 cash bail. Sue subsequently
produced "straw" bonds in the sum of
$40uO, and they were accepted by Police
Jui_e Campbell.
Judge Conlau, however, refused to ac
cept the bonds and Captain Lees Das in
structed Clerk Foley of Conlttu's court not
to pay over the $500 cash bail. It is tnis
money tliat forms tue bone of contention
now oetween Attorney Arthur Mack, the
Keating woman's counsel, and Clerk
i- n cv, who is threatened with a suit lor
$10,000 damages.
Another suggestion made to the prose
cuting attorneys by the Chief was tne, ad
visa bi ity of carefully reading documents
forc.«stjs appealed to the Superior Court.
As a rule they are drawn by ihe attorneys
lor t!iedefen>e, who wedge in a bug or two
somewhere not in accordance with the
record of the cases. These are discovered
when tue cases aie heard on appeal and
thrown out of court.
"In my judgment." said the Chief, "it
should be the duty of the Police Court
Prosecuting Attorneys to follow up to the
Surenor Court all cases sent thereon ap
peal from their respective departments."
As an illustration of the rtis^s practiced
by some of the alleged attorneys who im
pose upon the Judges of the Police Courts,
it was mentioned that in order to save the
arrest of a notorious woman named Min
nie Moran, her legal representative de
clared that sue did not appear in court to
be tried on the vagrancy charge becau>e
he had every reason to believe she had
been drowned recently off the cud of Pow
ell-street wharf.
A bench warrant, however, has been
issued.
THE OITY CEMETERY.
Rssldents of the Richmond District
Ask for It* l-> ■nioval.
The citizens of the Richmond district
held a masß-meeting last evening under
the auspices of tne Richmond District
Improvement Association in Simonds'
Hall on California street and Fourth ave
nue. Tne attendance was large. The
special object of the gathering was to dis
cuss and advocate the removal of the City
Cemetery from tbat locality.
A number of enthusiastic spseches were
made in which the speakers sot forth facts
to show that the presence oi the burial
grounds in tbat locality was a hindrance
to the further progress of the district and
a menace to the health and safety of the
people living in the vicinity of the ceme
tery. t
Building Trades Council.
At the meeting of the Building/Trades Coun
cil last eveniug the report of Labor Commis
sioner E. L. Fitzgerald upon the labor situa
tion in tlie Sandwich Islands was read. A vote
of confidence was given to Mr. Fitzgerald, who
was sDoken of as an unselfish worker In the
interest* of the wage-earners of this City and
State. A resolution was jai-s d condemn
ing the appointment of Oscar Lewis as super
i n tenderi t of the new Postoffice building, to be
erected in this City. It was decided tore
quest the Pacific Coast representatives at
Washington to do all iv their power to prevent
Mr. Lewis from getting the position. The op
position is based upon t:>e ground that he is
an enemy of organized labor.
Goodwin in "The Kivaln."
An appreciative, if not a very large, audience
greeted Nat Goodwin and his company lust
night at the Baldwin Theater in "The Rivals."
The character of "fighting" Bob Acres suits
Goodwin infinitely better than that of David
Garrick. He kept the house amused when
ever he was on the stage last night, and
p ayed the part at the same time with a light
and whimsical touch which was tree from ex
aggeratlon. The rest of me cast wait good.
THE GOVERNOR
TALKS TO LEES
He Had a Busy Day In
vestigating the Dur
rant Case.
A Witness Appears Who Saw
Him Meet Minnie Williams
at the Ferry.
Another Que r Story, This Time
From a Man in Montevideo,
Colorado.
Governor* P.udd had another busy day
in San Francisco yesterday, going over
the testimony in the Durrant case and
listening to Eugene Deuprey, District
Attorney Barnes, Chief of Police Lees
and the woman, Mrs. Schwaitzer, who
as«erts that she saw Minnie Williams and
Rev. J. George Gibson together on the
Alameda boat the day before the girl's
lifeless body was found in the Emmanuel
Church.
The Governor last night said that this
woman adhered to her story with great
persistency.
When ttie Governor was asked when he
would probably conclude his investigation
of the Durrant case he said be though he
would finish early next week, perhaps
Tuesday.
He remarked that he would go to Sac
ramento to-day, where much of the evi
dence was tiled, and there make a study
of the case. Next Tuesday he would
probably return to San Francisco, and on
Thursday he noped to be able to decide
the matter.
"Will you grant Durrant a hearing —
that is, grant him a personal interview?"
inquired the reporter.
"I think it is very doubtful," replied
the Governor. "His statement Cjin be
presented in writine."
In regard to Mrs. Durrant, the Governor
said he had not talked with her and pn b
abiy would not. He said he had heard
everything that Durrani's counsel, Deu
prey and Dickinson, had submitted.
During the hour between 5 and 6 o'clock
last evening ttie Governor was with Chief
Lees. Mrc. Schwaitzer's story was dis
cussed. The Governor again referred to
the positive assertion of t!ie woman that
she saw the pastor and Minnie Williams
on the boat at the time mentioned in her
story. The Governor said he had consid
ered the Minnie Williams case in some of
its bearings on the Blanche Lamont case.
Budd holds it to be his duty as chief
executivo to make an investigation of tnis
character when an application is duly
made for him to exumine trie lesiimony.
Under the law, he can pardon, jrrant a
respite or commute a sentence. He de
clined to foreshadow his decision in the
case now pending.
During his term of effice he has com
muted a sentence and in one instance
granted a respite, but the sentence of
de;nh was executed after the respite.
The death sentence has been i-xecutec 1
twelve or fifteen times since the Governor
came into office.
Chief Lees is now in possession of an
other strong link which he claims will
greatly aid in fusten'ng the crime of Min
nie Williams' murder on Theodore Dur
rant. This came to him as the result of
the publication of the 'void brick" yarn of
Gibson bein:: seen on the Aiameda ferry
boat with Minnie Williams on April 12,
1895.
A friend of Mrs. Eliza Witlee read the
story and called on the Chief to inform
him" that^lrs. Witlee could give some im
portant testimony relative to the last trip
of Miss Williams across the bay. She
gave Chief Lees a rough statement of what
Mrs. Witlee had told her, and the Cfcief
was so much impressed with it that he
abked his informant to find Mrs. Witlee
and send her to his office. His visitor
promised to do so and to-day appeared be
iore ihe Chief with Mrs. Witlen, who told
a snort but most interesting tale.
The murdered girl was well known to
Mrs. Witlee. On April 12, 1895, Mrs. Wit
t«e took the narrow-gauge truin at High
street, Alameda, to come to this City. At
Park street Miss Williams boarded the
train and sat near Mrs. Witlee. On the
boat Miss Williams was also in sieht of
Mrs. Witlee during the entire trip.
Mrs. Witlec is positive no one was with
her young friend during the enure trip.
But she goes further, and is equally posi
tive in stating that when Minnie left the
boat she was me\ by Theodore Durrant
and that the couple went off together.
She admits she did not know Durrant at
the time, but recognized him some months
alter as being the man who met the young
girl '<t the lerry landing on Good Friday
in 1895.
It was in September of the same year
that her business of selling fruit called her
to the Prescott House at ttie corner of
Pacific and Kearny streets. Here she saw
a large and excited crowd on their way
toward the County Jail. She inquired the
cause of the excitement, and learned tnat
Durrant was on his way in the prison van
to the County Jail. She went to the jail,
and the second man who got out she at
once recognized a-* the man who met Min
nie Williams at the ferry landing on April
12, 1895. It was at this time that she
learned the man's name was Durrant.
Shortly after this she imparted her in
formation to As-istant District Attorney
Peixoito, who made a note of it for future
u«e, should the Minnie Williams case ever
come to trial.
A SILVER BRICK.
Colorado Furnishes a Mate to the
Gold Brick of Mrs. Schwaitzer.
Another fairy tale concerning the Dur
rant case comes from the pink cliffs of
Colorado.
There is languishing in the Soldiers'
and bailors' Home in Montevideo, in that
State, a man who says he is an old '49er
of California, and that his name is Cap
tain W. H. Bryan.
He recently wrote to a well-known lady
of this City informing Her that he wit
nessed the murder of Blanche Lamont,
and that if transportation were furnished
Him he would come to San Francisco and
testify to that fact.
He charged the lady not to speak to
any one concerning the communication
and warned her particularly against law
yers anl the police. He invited her to
visit him at the Soldiers' Home in Monte
video and convince herself as to the truth
of his statement, but more than once in
timated in his communication that he
would be well pleased to come here and
testify provided he were furnished with
transportation to this coast.
It was reported last night that he was
about to come and that he would testily
that he Imd seen a very prominent mem
ber of Emmanuel Baptist Church (not
Durrani) carrying the body of Blanche
L&raont up to the belfry.
This precious addition to the Durrant
literature has been telegraphed to the
New York dailies, and will doubtless ap
pear, -'with ail the thrilling details," in
the columns of the esteemed but very
guliibleiExaminer.
It will probably be disproved as readily
as were the vaporings of Rosenberg and
the marvelous narrative of Mrs. Schwait
zer, which were also first eiven to the
public through the medium of the Daily
Durrant.
' SEW TO-DAY — CLOTHING.
INTRODUCTORY SALE
Of Spring and Summer Ctothing at the New Store,
T HE BALDWIN CLOTHIERS
924-930 Market St. (Baldwin Annex).
FORONE WEEK ONLY !
EXTRAORDINARY INDUCEMENTS IN HIGH-CLASS CLOTHING.
PAS AN INTRODUCTION.
ONE WEEKI ' ONE WEEKI
~ : " /1\ 'f\ r\ /\ The choicest line of Roods ever
Commencing to-day we'll give \} 'a \ llf I shown in this town will be offered
jnl Q I II I J ust a.B an introduction.- These
you your pick of ali 0ur515516.50 w ■ B I V/ V/ goods are composed of the best
• ■>. T-'' \Jm j lines of grays, blues and black
find $20 Spring, Summer and a B — — worsted serges, and in light-
. ... - - II tweeds and cassimere plaids, well
Dress Suits in the house for \J made, perfect fitting garments."
. : ." Take your pick (or .
59.00. SO.OO.
AS AN INTEOBUCTIQN. I AS AN INTRODUCTION.;
ONE WEEKI ONE WEEKI —
These suits'
For yonng Your pick Boys' Reefer are offered
swell dress- of the sight- Suits, in ail- merely as an
ers, all our ■ lie« Young wool chevi- introduction:
$10, $12.50 — Men's Suits ots, cassi-— -Their actual
and $13.00 • ?v»>\ made. They meres aid values are
Youths Dress come in ser- tweeds, mide ' $3.50, $3 and
Suits ages 12 ffk ■■ IP c.ci, tweeds With large Al f% p *2 50. They
to 19 years, jL § n\\ and cheviots, sailor collars I*l IJS cumo in blue,
in sinjrle and m\\ il lin handsome and trimmed Jm I **i I black, gray,
double breas- VI I IV plaids, and with moire %f lIW W brown and
ted. Take are worth hair braid pretty plaid
your pick. double the to match, v ■-.-.-.■ i mixtures.
=== money. * z^^z=^rz Take your
$7.45. $7.45. $1.95. * ptc^, Q _
3)1 ."3.
Men's Pants. Boys* Bine Sailor Snits. Boys' Knee Pants.
As an introduction, all As an introduction, our protty As an introduction, all
our Men's Ail- Woo! Wor- little Boys' All- Wool Sailor Suits our Boys' All-Wool Knee
sted Dress Pants, in the in the latest creations, th«t are .. 
latest patterns, that are sold for $1.50, will Eell them for Pants that we have sold
selling for $5 ai:d $4, one week for '.^ j for 75c and 50c, in all
will be sold for one week shades, for one week
onlylor of|^
52.45. 3>UC- 35c.
AS AN INTRODUCTION AS AN INTRODUCTION
FOR OiE Will OJLY. - FOS OSfi IYELK UJLY.
$1.50 Fancy-Front Shirts, inc^ud- tf>| AA $1.00, 75c Children's Large Sailor i-r*
ing collars, cuffs, tie............ «pI.UU Straw Hat 5........ t-JO
50c Boys' Fancy Percale Shirt as. 50c Children's Large Sailor Colored 0A«
Wai5i5........... y U*)\i Straw Hats.. uvv
$1.50 Men's All- Wool Sweaters, all AX- $1.00, 75c Men'a Latest Straw Hats VZ-
c010r5....... vOv .......... vOv
75c Flesh-color Balbrifjgan Under- 9\a $2 0> and $1.75 Men's Latest Style d»1 ir
wear O-tli Fedora Hats... •pl.lv
$1.25 Way's Drop-stitch Under- o\a $3.00 and $2.50 Men's Latest Stylo VJTii
wear v«JC Fedora ana Stiff Hats. i.iv
These goods are displayed in our io large show windows and will be sold,
as advertised, for, Introductory Purposes for one week only.
THE BALDWIN CLOTHIERS, 924-930 Market Street
(B.A.:Ljr3"WIN ANNEX).
Mail Orders Will Receive - Prompt and Careful Attention.
BIG REAL ESTATE DEALS.
Pacific Bank Property Sold to
the Roya; Insurancs
Company.
Bovee, Toy & i-Oiiit g Handed the
Business — Another Bij
Sale.
One of the most important real estate
sales in this City for some time past was
consummated yesterday through the real
estate firm of Bovee, Toy & Sonutag. The
old Pacific Bank property on the north
west corner of Pine and Sansome streets
was purchased by the Royal Insurance
Company of Liverpool from the Conti
nental Insurance Company of Chicago.
The purchase price was $145,000. The
sale has been in the air for over a year,
but not until yesterday did all part'es ar
rive at an agreement. Rolla V. Watt,
manager for the purchasing pany, stated
that the Royal and the Queen insurance
companies will probably move into the
new quarters very soon unless it is de
cided to tear down the old bunding and
pat up a modern structure.
The property is about as valuable as any
in that part of the City. The site is
35:6^87:6 feet, and upon it is a three-story
brick structure, with a basement contain
ing tire and burglar proof vaults. If the
purchaser does not decide to build at once
it will occupy the basement, first and a
part of the second stories. The remainder
will be rented for offices. However, it is
only a matter of a year or two before a
'new building will be placed upon the lot.
The property has a history. For years
it was used by the bank, but in 1895 it was
sold to the People's Home Bank in the
settlement between tne two institutions
for $219,000. In February, 1896, the Peo
ple's Home sold the property lor $130,000
to the Continental Insurance Company, it
being the intention of this company to
establish its g«neral office there. Since
then a number of improvements nave
boen made ther- on. These and the in
crease in real estate values in that localky
accounts for the increase of $15,000 over
the former purchase price.
.Baldwin & Hammond, the real estate
scents, yesterday sold at auction the
property on the southwest corner of Pow
ell and Ellis streets. The property, which
is particularly valuable /or business pur
poses, was Knocked down to William
Haas of Haas Bros, lor $142,000. John E.
Auzerais ot San Jose, executor of tne es
tate of E. Auzerais, ordered the sale. Tlie
attendance waa large, and the bidders
went into the contest for the possession oi
the block with much spirit. The prin
cipal struggle was between Mr. Haas and
J. D. Sullivan, who represented Mayor
James D. P elan. Mr. Sullivan started
witn a bid of $100,000, and the offers were
increased in $10,000 bids until nearly the
end.
The property in question consist" of a
corner lot, 48x75 feet in size, a;.d upon it
is a fine five-siory modern brick building.
J. R. Patton, the attorney representing
Mr. Auzerais, states that the latter had
a standing offer of $150,000 for the prop
erty, and in his opinion the sale will not
be confirmed by the executor.
Shooting and Fighting;.
To-day the mu.-h talked oi Stale tournament,
which is open to all sportsmen, will commence
at the Ingleside trap shooiiug grounds and
will end ou Sunday. Trap shooters from
Stockiou, Sacramento, San Jose and other in
terior towns will compete against the inani
mate target smashers ot this City and Oak
land.
A large number of live birds have been
tr«ippedfor this particular eveut. The prizes
are valunble.
The Olympic Club has matched Billy Smith
of Australiu and Henry Baker, the pugilist
who was whipped by Jefl'ries, ior its next tour
nament, which will be held in June. Smith
waa a good fighter a few yean ago, bat lie hai
seen his best days. Baker, it matters not how
fat he may be when he enters the ring, should
easily defeat Smith.
Y. M. C. A. RECEPTION.
Secretaries Mlchener and Lewis Ad*
drena the Members of the Local ''
Association.
The last of a series of social receptions
was given by Secretary McCoy at the Y.
M. C. A. last nizht. In addition to tha
musical programme short addresses were
made by C. C. Michener, college secretary
of the international committee of the Y.
M. C. A., and Robert E. Lewis, general
secretary-elect of the Y. M. C. A. of China.
Remarks were also made by C. A. May
dwell and others. An excellent musical
programme was rendered, consisting ol
selecfions by the Knickerbocker Quar
tet, a violin so o by Eugene Meyer and
a vocal <!uet by Messrs. Mullin and Balch.
At the conclusion of the programme re
freshments were served.
This evening at Pacific Grove the sec«
ond Pacific Coast Students' Conference,
held under the direction of the college de
partment of the international committee
of tiie Y. M. C. A., will besin. Among
the speakers who will deliver addresses
are: Robert E. Lewis of Chicago, Rev. EL
R. Dilie, Rev. Georgo C. Adarus, Bishop
William F. Nichols, Rev. E. S. Chapman
of Oakland, F. L. Willis of Omaha and H.
J. McCoy of the local association. Tha
conference will close on the 3uth inst.
Union Picnic.
The Christian churches ab< »t the Day are to
have a union Sunday-school picnic at Hay*
wards canyon on Saturday. It is expected
that several hundred children will partici
ivi tr..
FEVERED BROW
Made Manifest Long Before the Disease
lias Been Fully Developed.
YOU CAN WARD IT OFF
If You Have Any of the Symptoms It
Is Best to Take the Matter Up at .
Once— No Time for Trifling, So Say
the Doctors.
T^EVERED BROW-BY THE TERM FEVER '.
" Is meant that abstrac: condition which Is com- 1
mon to all *"-««. led febrile disorders,' and the
presence which gives them their claim to that
designation. -Essentially It means nndue eleva-
tion of the animal heat, the immediate or orozl- '
mate causes :of that ; elevation and the conse- '
quences ' which '■ these V coa 1 Itions entaU. ' Tha ,
presence of abnormal or f-bril- temperature la
usually attended with various tympioms and phe«
nomena m .re or less characteristic of the febrile
state. !>%l||s||gSg3flSH|
The skin ge:s not. ,-■
The pulse ana breathing quickened.
Gastro-Intestlnal function Impaired. -
Healache and tnugca ar Dalns are frequent. -
First— Chilly and coid sensation.
Second— The skin dry and hot. '
Third— More or less abundant perspiration. ■ '
When yon have fever—
TODB BLOOD IS POISONED, l ■
YOUR BLOOD IS THIS.
YOUR LITKU IS TOKPID.
YOUR STOMACH IS FOUL.
YOUR BOWELS ARK CONSTIPATED,
YOUU HEAD ACHES. ;
YOUR BONKS ACHE.. -. .
YOUR SKIN IS DRY.
YOUR SKIN IS HO r.
Evexr organ and tissue In the body is In a con-
dition below normal and Is crying for help. - ,
JOY'S VEGETABLE SARSAPARILLA
Will prevent this condition. ; It tvill so regulate
tha system that all the various organs ot the hod? ;"•
wilt act with life and •n'ergr. . . . .
56
IRI])AV : T7^.rr.7. WAY 21, 1897
CHARLES M. SHORTRIDUfc,
Editor and Proprietor.
SUBSCRIPTION RATES-Postaze Free:
r>aily and 6unday Calx, one ww>k, by carrier. .$0.15
Daily »Dd Sunday Call, one yrar, by ma 1 1.... 6.00
Pally and Sunday Call, b!i months, by mall.. 3.00
Imlly end Sunday Call, three months by mail 1.50 j
Pally and Sunday Call, one monin, by mall.. .65 j
Sunday Call, one year, by mail 1.60 j
\V KUCLT Call, one year, by mall • 1.60 .
BUSINESS OFFICE:
710 Market Street,
(t an Francisco, California.
relephOM Ittln-IMB
EDITORIAL ROOMS:
517 Clay Street,
telephone Matn-1874
BRANCH OFFICES:
527 Montgomery sireet, corner Clay; open until
D:3O o'clock.
H39 Hayes street; open umll 9:30 o'clock.
615 Larkln street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
fc\V. corner Sixteenth And Mission street*, open
until 9 o'clock.
£618 Mission street, open nntll 9 o'clock.
167 Nmtn street, open until 9 o'clock.
1605 Polk street; open until 9;30 o'clock.
SW. corner Tweuty-seoond »n4 Kentucky
'fttntts; open till 9 o'clock.
OAKLAND OFFICB:
908 Broadway.
EASTERN OFFICE:
Booms 31 find 32, 34 Park Row. »w Tor* City.
DAVID M. FOI.TZ, Eastern Manager.
THE CALL SPEAKS FOR ALL.
THE SUMMER MONTHS.
Ar» yon pomp to the country on. a vacation ? If
fO. l! In no trouble for us to forward THE CALL to
your nddress. Do not let It miss you for you will
H)iss it. Orders given to tbe carrier or left at
UusiLess Office will receive prompt attention.
NO EXTKA CHARGE.
Watch ths tariff fight. •
California must guard her interests.
We voted for protection and we must
have it.
Protection can be made perfect only by
being made universal.
It is a poor policy to lower the duties on
vine and then put a tax on tea to raise a
revenue.
The European concert should make
Turkey .divy with the spoils, for it tooted
the horn for her while she did the fizhting.
In the language of diplomacy the world
is now at peace, for the war in Greece is
over and the fighting in Cuba never was a
Var. __^___
Greece did not take the advice of Europe
and get cut of Crete, and we shall now see
•whether Turkey is wise enough to profit
by the example and get out of Thessaly
inßtanter.
The Wrst will cordially make any right
fui compromise in order to obtain a speed y
enactment of the tariff, but we must draw
the line at the point where compromise
becomes sacrifice.
If the Senate wishes a maxim to steer by
in considering the sugar deal scandal it
can find one in General Grant's order is-
BueJ under similar circumstances: "Let j
iio guilty man escape."
«
The danger of a rising at Athens against
the royal family seems to have passed
away, but. all the s:ime, the people are
riot pointing to the King or the Crown
Prince with any visible pride.
The most remarkable thing about the
war is not that the Turks overran the
Greeks in ehort order, but that Edhem
Pasha seems to have gone to the front
■without a typewriter and still was victori
ous.
Greece calls the attention of her credi
tors to the fact that if she is compelled to
pay the heavy indemnity demanded by
tbo Sultan she cannot pay them, and has
thus given the stock exchanges reason to
abate a little bit their rejoicing in the
Turkish victories.
If the Snltan intends to encamp in
Thessaly until the powers reach an agree
ment as to the time and the terms on
which he is to march out, he may as well
settle his troops down and start them to
planting orchards and vineyards, for they
Will be there a long time.
A Tennessee editor recently announced
that any of the distinguished citizens who
had been giving him advice about how to
run a newspaper could have charge of his
journal for a week as he wished to ro fish
ing, and now we wait to hear whether he
caught the biggest sucker with his offer or
with bis hook.
Gertrude Atherton is not the only
woman whose books find more favor
abroad than at home, for Olive Schreiner
is having a similar experience. As Mrs.
Atherton's latest book has been excluded
irom a library in this City so Olive
Sciireiner'» latest has been shut out from
the public library of Durban, South
Africa. In the meantime both books will
be read just the same.
The establishment of the proposed free
market on the water front involves prob
lems which cannot tye settled without a
great dea! of investigation and study. We
cannot reasonably expect a vast enter
terprise of the kind to be carried through
in a single season, and should not venture
v.pon tho foundations until we have de
termined the extent of what is needed and
counted the cost.
There are people who believe that liber
alism and free speech will begin to get off
the earth about the year 1906. The reason
for the opinion is that Russia will have
then completed her Siberian railway, her
fortifications at V:aaivostock* and Port
Arthur and her $400,000,000 fleet, and will
be ready to settle all questions off-hand
without debate and without troubling
other nations for their agreement.
Mrs. Amelia E. Barr, the novelist, it the
latest dignitary to enter the battle against
the new woman. In a recent interview
she is quoted as saying: "There is going
to to a reaction from tha aggressive, ath
letic, sporty woman to the old-fashioned
woman, and when the old-fashioned
woman comes in again she will stay in."
All of which means, of course, that Mrs.
Barr feels herself a little old-fashioned
and desires another inning.
One of the effects of the passage of the
Greater New York bill is that most of the
cines which are to be included in the
mammoth corporation are borrowing
money for municipal improvements with
Hie understanding that after the act goes
Into effect the enlarged community will
nave to pay the debt. New York City has
arranced to borrow $12,500,000 to improve
Ler school facilities, and of course she will
pet the schools witLiin her present limits,
while the tax will be spread out over the
"Greater" with an absolute impartiality.
OUR INTERESTS AT STAKE.
All reports from Washington tend to the one conclusion that the interests of the
"West in the coming tariff will be to a large extent antagonized by powerful combina
tions in th« East. Some of the leading Republicans in the Senate have already given
us formal notice of opposition to the rates fixed upon fruits and raisins, while the
entire press of ihe East Las made it certain that we shall find considerable difficulty
in maintaining the duties proposed on carpet wools, lead and hides.
We have repeatedly called attention to the urgent need of maintaining the Senate
duties on citrus fruits, while striving to regain the Dingley duties on prunes, raisins
and other dried fruits. It is time now to direct attention to the wine industry of the
State, and to point out that this also needs to be guarded against the dangers that
threaten it.
Under the Dlngley bill there was provided a duty of 60 cents per gallon upon still
wines. This the Senate Finance Committee has cut down to 30 cents. The original
duty was none too hi^h, and the proposed reduction, if carried out, will prove dis
astrous to this extensive industry of the State.
The wine industry of California is not at present in a condition to withstand the
heavy blow aimed at it by tne proposed reduction in the amount of protection to be
granted it by the Government. It is well known that even with the present good
prices for wine our vineyards are languishing. In many localities they have suffered
severe ravages caused by disease among the vines. To replant and restore the in
jured vineyards we must maintain at least the present price even if we cannot succeed
In gaining better. The present duty of 30 cents a gallon has been tried and experience
furnishes abundant proof that it is not sufficient for the needs of the industry.
Competent experts in the wine trade estimate that for the advancement of the
vineyards of California there i 3 needed nt least a duty of 60 cents per gallon on wine
in cask, and $'2 50 per case on bottled goods. To secure these rates ia the duty of the
California delegation in Congress, and this duty it seems they can perform with suc
cess if they combine with other Western Senators to maintain the proposed duties on
hides, wool and lead.
The is3ue is of sufficient importance to engage the attention of all Calilornians
who have any concern in the promotion of our industries. The tariff which will bo
adopted this session of Congre-s will probably remain virtually unchanged for the rest
of this generation. The country has now been engaged for upward of twelve years
in discussing tariffs, during which time it has trie! no less than three successive bills.
Public opinion is averse to any further disturbance of the subject, and the tariff which
is made this year will be accepted by all parties through a sheer weariness of the sub
ject. We must, therefore, protect our industries now, or we will hare little chance of
protecting them in future.
The people of the West will sustain their Senators and Representatives in the House
in making a vigorous fight for Western interests. For the sake of speedy enactment
of the tariff we will cordially compromise, as far as can be reasonably expected, but we
must draw the Hue at the point where compromise would mean a sacrifice of our in
terests and our industries.
THE IEEE MARKET.
The discussion on Wednesday between
the State Harbor Commissioners and rep
resentatives of the State Grange and Pat
rons of Husbandry concerning the pro
posed free market in this City brought
forth but two facts of importance. These,
however, were sufficient to show that the
enterprise is one which, cannot be carried
out with wisdom or efficiency until it has
been more thoroughly considered.
The facts of note which were disclosed
during the discussion were that the quan
tity of fruit and perishable products an
nually coming to San Francisco from the
farms of California hardly lall3 short of
'200,000 tons, and that as no wharf of the
City has a capacity exceeding 2000 tons at
least five wharves would be necessary to
supply accommodations for the proposed
markets. The figures were given by Com
missioner Harney, and may be accepted
as accurate.
Every reflecting citizen will draw from
these fieures the conclusion that the prob
lem involved in the proposed market is
one of considerable complexity. It will
require no little study to devise a means
for making a public market for so large an
amount of perishable products as comes
to this port. The amount of wharf space
required will be large, and there will have
to be appliances provided for the econom
ical handling of the goods. It would be
unreasonable, therefore, to exp°ct any
hasty action upon tho subject. We must
determine the extent of the enterprise
and count the cost before we begin to lay
the foundations.
It Is gratifying to know thatthe Farmers'
Club #f this City has decided to take up
the consideration oi the subject, and* is at
present engaged in obtaining the data
which will be required for the solution of
the various problems involved. When
all the facts have been gathered and care
fully digested we will then b3 able to ap
proach the subject with fair prospects of
finding a proper solution for all of its prob
lems. In the meantime it is well to keep
the subject before the public, and it is to
be hoped that at the nest discussion be
fore the Harbor Commissioners, which
has been fixed to take place next week,
more in the way of facts and statistics
will be submitted than was the case at the
meeting on Wednesday.
CAENIVALS IN CALIFOKNIA.
Is the California iiesta on the decline?
The anxious query is inspired by cer
tain dubious intimations let fall re
cently by our interior contemporaries.
These journals are closely acquainted
with carnivalism in its various stages,
many of them having been afflicted with
it at one time or another, and they may
be presumed to know something of its
prospects for the future in their respec
tive localities.
They somewhat vaguely give the im
pression that, so far as they are concerned,
the prospects are not particularly rosy,
the suggestion being that, while a carni
val itself may be enjoyable as an enter
tainment of the festive moment, the aft
ermath may turn out a consideiably less
prosperous epoch than they (the news
papers) had been jollied into predicting as
its inevitable consequence.
The papers of Los Angeles seem to be
not exactly pleased with the taste which
lingers with them from the last fiesta
that they witnessed. The final night
of the carnival, when revels ran
high and the heels of the silken-hosed
women ran higher, when all the saloons
in town were crammed with hilarious
frolickers, when society executed the
skirt - dance to the confusion of the
moon and all his modest stars, and
Rome of 2000 years ago was revived
for a night, still lingers unpleasantly
in many minds thereabouts, and would
gladly be eradicated from local history if
Dame Gossip would consent to forego so
savory a morsel for her unctuous tongue
to dally with.
Los Angeles' fiesta of 1897 has evidently
driven a nail in the coflin of carnivalism
in California. The fashion may recover
the shock and live to see the nail rust In
the coffin boards and the boards them
selves become petrified with amazement
at its exuberant vitality, but present indi
cations point otherwise from more direc
tions than one. Santa Cruz turned against
carnivahsm last year after its most elabo
rate effort in that line. Such seems to be
the usual course by which the fashion
will be led to an early grave.
As to the desirability of such an end,
some tentative deductions may be drawn
from past experiences. It is now generally
conceded that carnivals are cot, in the
long ran, profitable to a community,
which removes the practical argument in
their favor. This leaves them to be con
sidered merely as occasions of amusement,
in which light they indubitably shine.
And there is something pleasing in the
idea of these flowered gatherings disport
ing themselves in the spring sunshine as
merry children of nature. The theory is
beauteously pristine in its innocence.
"Throw off dull care" and be children
again amid the flowers and the bright rib
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MA.V 21, 1897-
bons and the gorgeous undulating rain
bows of sound which bubble from a thou
sand irresponsible throats. It is all very
nice — if it is so realized. The numerous
exceptions to such a realization give it
another color. That is what makes it
doubtful that carnivals will long survive
where recollections of the exceptions are
alive.
THE CUBAN SITUATION.
The most important feature of the de
bate on tho Cuban resolutions in the Sen
ate on Wednesday was the presentation
of certain state documents on the subject.
One of these was a report from an Ameri
can official in Cuba whose name was not
given, but who is well undeistooa to be
Consul-General Lee, and the other a letter
from Secretary Oiney to the Spanish Min
ister de Lome.
The report from Cuba denies the claim
of the Spaniards that any provinces of the
island have been pacified, and expresses
the opinion that since the Spaniards can
not conquer the insurgents nor the insur
gents expel the Spaniards from the
island, "the war will drag its weary
length along so long as the insurgents can
dig sustenance from the ground, or money
be obtained from any source by the Span
iards." The report adds:
The poverty and distress of the people are
Increasing, and the loss of property ot all «orts
is daily becoming enormous. No one can fully
appreciate the situation without being here in
person. The number of poor, distressed, starv
ing women, children and old men of all races
iias greatly increas-d la this city within the
past few weeks, while in other points on the
island the suffering has been proportionately
The letter of Secretary Olney was
clearly based on information in this re
port, or else on similar information from
other sources. He point* out to the
Spanish Minister that nearly a year had
elapsed since the prospects of putting an
end to the insurrection were first dis
cussed, and that nothing had occurred
since that time to justify the conclusion
that the Spaniards would be able to
speedily put an end to the war, or even to
afford protection to American citizens
and the property of non-combatants dur
ing its continuance. Speaking of the in
terest of tbe United States in the struggle,
the Secretary said :
We are interested in the prevention of that
wholesale destruction of property on the
island, which is making no discrimination
between enemies and neutrals ana is utterly
destroying many American investments that
should be of Immense value and is impoverish
ing great numbers of American citizens. On
all these questions and in all these ways the
interest of the United Slates in the existing
situation in Cuba yields only to that of Spain
herself and has led many good and honest
persons to insist that intervention to ter
minate the conflict is the immediate and im
perative duty of the United States.
On this showing of the condition of
affairs in the island, and on this state
ment of our interests in the subject, it
appears that our Government would be
clearly justified in promptly intervening
to put an end to the war. In the face of
such reports it was but the obstinacy of
folly on the part of Senator Hale and
Senator Wellington to assert that the
sentiment in favor of Cuban independence
among the American people is based
upon "mere newspaper reports." The
official documents prove that the reports
published in the newspapers are correct.
It is not to be wondered, therefore, that
a majority of tho members of both houses
of Congress are in favor of the Morgan
resolution, and that its adoption by the
Senate followed promptly the report of
the facts.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
The Carnival Funds— F. H. C, City. The
committee that had charge of the Golden Gate
Carnival is endeavoring to raige means with
which to liquidate expenses and liabilities in
curred. If the funds are raised it is probable
that the prizes offered will be given.
A Patent— F. D. H., City. How to obtain a
patent was detailed in full in Answer* to Cor
respondents in the issue of May 1. The cost
of securing a patent is a Government fee of
$35. Then it cost* about $40 more to fee a
lawyer aud to prepare drawings or model.
That is the cost in ordinary cases.
Cleveland's Substitute— G. T., City. That
Grover Cleveland paid a substitute to take his
place during the war is not disputed, but the
s:ory that his substitute while on a bed of
sickness appealed to him in vain, is one that
was denied. This department has not been
able to discover anything that would authori
tatively confirm or deny the story.
Road Tax— J. W., Sausalito, Cal. The an
swer to another correspondent under the head
of "Road Tax" In the issue of The Call Sun
day, May 16, is an answer to your question as
to road tax. A* to the poiltax an individual
is liable for the payment thereof In any county
in which he may be, but the payment in any
one county exempts him from the payment of
the same tax in any other county.
To Exterminate Red Ants— G. a. H., City.
Grease a plate with lard and set it where these
insects abound. They prefer lard to anything
else and will forsake sugar for it Place a few
sticks around the plate for the anti to climb
up on. Occasionally turn the plate bottom
up over a fire, and the ants will fall in with
the melting lard. Reset the plate, and in a
short time you will catch them all. Powdered
borax sprinkled around the infested placet, it
is said, will exterminate both red and black
ants.
Estbays — several Correspondents. The
new law in regard to estrays provides
that when an estray comes on prem
ises it can be taken up by the owner of the
premises, who must notify the Recorder,
and then if there is any claimant
the claimant must make proof before a Jus
tice of the Peace before he can recover the
property. The taker-up is required to pay
to the County Recorder 15 cents per day for a
horse, mule, jenny, ox, cow, bull, steer, calf or
ass so taken for each day he holds the same in
his possession. For a sheep, goat, hog or other
animal not enumerated, he must pay 5 cents
per day. If at the «nd of thirty days there is
no claimant the taker-up shall have the estray
sold by a constable.
THE SOFTEST SNAP.
I liave looked »bout this world here
Fora really good profession;
I have sat up with' my daddy
In full many a weary session.
We have talked of surgery, and
We have talked of medicine;
We have talked about the lawyers,
And the laurels poets win.
We have looked the whole field over
With the deepest meditation
For the thing exactly suited
To a fe.low of my station.
We havj thought of architecture;
We have bothered those In art:
\Y« have likewise looked deep into
The conditions of the mart.
I have tried my hand at music—
I've composed a tnurcli ilia's dirgy;
I have even gone iO far that
I have thouclu about the clerey.
I have thought that 1 would publish;
1 have thought I'd take a larm;
Bui I've missed the one vocat on
That has held the highest charm.
It was on the grasg-gre^n golf links
Tbat I got the Inspiration,
Where I found the wortc quite suited
To a fellow of my s'.ailon.
When 1 saw a |> Bin young chappie,
With a somewhat Scottish name,
Tea .bine several lovely ladles
All the fine poiuts of the gume.
—Harper's Bazar.
PERSONAL.
J. D. Condit of St Paul is at the Palace.
T. P. Turrell of Pocatello, Idaho, la in the
City.
Thomas Mcßee of SalUbury, N. C.isat the
Palace.
C. G. Betts, a mining man of Spokane, Is in
the City.
W. M. Shipley of Pittsburg, Pa., Is at the
Cosmopolitan.
John Francis, a merchant of Mountain View,
is at the Grand.
Colonel John B. French of Bt. Louis came to
the City yesterday.
Among the late arrivals here Is George H.
Corey of San Diego.
K. J. Cablll, a ranch-owner of San Martin, is
a recent arrival here.
L. J. Rose Jr., son of ex-Senator Rose, arrived
from El Rio yesterday.
Dr. E. 8, Kreyfogle has returned from a six
months' leave to Europe.
B. Q. Williams, a hardware merchant of
Quincy, 111., is at the Grand.
O. C. Tiffany of the United States warship
Monterey is at the Occidental.
E. J. Cavanaugb. and \V. B. Evans, of Dcs
Moines, lowa, are at the Buldwin.
™C. T. Hummel and wife of Harrisburg, Pa.,
are registered at the Cosmopolitan.
A. Keating and wife of Buffalo, N. V., are
among the guests at the Cosmopolitan.
Walter A. Morrissey, storekeeper of the
United States bonded irarehouse at Stockton,
is visiting friends in this City.
Mrs. A. C. Hamilton and daughter arrived
in the City from tneir homo at Santa Monica
yesterday and are at the Palace.
T. Daniel Frawley, the impressario, and his
entire company arrived here yesterday and
are quartered at the Baldwin Hotel.
T. C. White, for a long time Deputy Sheriff
at Fresno, and owner oi a large vineyard in
that city, arrived here yesterday and Is at the
Licit.
P. A. Buell, an extensive manufacturer and
lumber-dealer of Stockton, who Is ono of the
directors of the new railroad from Oakdalo to
Sonora, is at the Grand.
Millionaire E. J. Baldwin has returned to
the City after a fortnight's absence in the
mining districts on the deserr. He is bronzed
by his outing on the plains ana appears in
ruddier healtn than formerly.
Among the arrivals at the Palace yesterday
was Mrs. Henry Lux of San Jose, widow of the
late millionaire land-owner. She was accom
panied by her son-in-law and daughter, Mr.
and Mrs. C. G. H. Macßride, also of San Jose.
Nearly all the officials of the San Francisco
and San Joaquin Railroad left the City yester
day for Haniord. to attend the celebration in
cident to the completion of the railroad to
that city. Amonj? those who left were Messrs.
Story, Watt and Moss, besides a number of the
directors.
Colonel C. S. Youns, proprietor of the Russ
House, yesterday received t\ telegram from Los
Angeles asking that rooms be reserved for 250
more conductors. He was unable to accom
modate them, as the home was already com
pletely filled, and they were distributed on
their arrival to the various other hotels. On
Monday 400 more conductors are due to arrive
from the south.
CALIFORNUNS IN NEW YORK
NEW YORK, N. V., May If). -At the Plaza,
C. C. Emery; Murray Hill. R. S. Alexander;
Savoy, A. Kutner; Gilsey, A. H. Boomer, W. H.
Martin, R. McMurray; New Amsterdam, Mrs.
Everett; Dovenshire, Mrs. Godfrey, M. Lentz;
Part Avenue, Mr. and Mrs. H. Unwa; Holland,
J. Zerle, Mrs. H. Zerle, Miss H. Zerle; Grand
Union, P. McKenna. Mrs. Minnie Block, Mas
ur Willie Block and Master Frank Block left
the Plaza and sailed on the Pirinz Regent
Luitpold for Bremen. E. V. P. Baiker, Mrs.
Helena Mischka, John Zerle, Mrs. Henrietta
Zerle and Miss Henrietta Zerle also sailed for
Germany.
MEN AND WOMEN.
Lotta says that the thought of going back
upon the stage never seriously enters her
mind.
Aroostook, Me., now has a Free Baptist
clergy woman, the first, it is believed, in Maine.
She was ordained a few days ago.
Speaker Reed is said to have abandoned ihe
use of his bicycle in Washington on account of
the attention it attracts on the streets.
Professor Berkeley, colored, of Chaflin Uni
versity, 8. C, is a candidate for tho Consul
ship at Ktuttgart. Ho speaks German and
French fluently.
Lord Rosebery has accepted the honorary
presidency of the Associated Societies of Edin
burgh University In Buccossion to Emeritus
Professor Masson.
A movement is on foot to erect a monument
to Henri Vieuxtemps, the famous Belgian
violinist. The monument will be erected at
Verviers, the birthplace of the musician.
Emanuel Lasker, the world's chess cham
pion, has proposed the presentation of a testi
monial to William Steinitsc. who so long held
that distinction, and a committee is to be
iormed in London to do this. Stelnltz is now
in Vienna.
Dr. Nansen has received from the British
Government a complete set of the reports of
the Challenger expedition in fifty large quarto
volumes. It is asserted that he is the first
private individual to whom a set has been
presented.
Drs. Seguy and Quenlsset of Paris, who have
made a, special study of tbe effect of X rays,
advise all persons with weak hearts to keep
away from the rays. The doctors say the rays
produce an unendurable palpitation, which is
apt to cause fatal trouble.
The Prince of Monaco has written to the
Compagnie Generate Transatlantique, ex
pressing hit willingness to offer a reward for
the detection of the steamer which passed one
of the boats of the foundered steamer St.
Naeaire without giving the sufferers in the
boat any assistance.
The Due d'Alencon, who lost his wife in the
shocking fire of the charity bazaar in Paris, is
not yet out of mourning for the recent death
of his father, the Due de Nemours, who be
queathed 10,000 iranca to the Pope, the
largest legacy his Holiness has received since
bis accession to the chair of St. Peter.
THE UNEMPLOYED
It Will Probably Bs Ef
fected on Sugar- Beet
Lands.
Spreckels Assures the Committee
of His Willingness to
Co* Operate.
Matters Will Probably Be in Shap
to Locate the First Colonists
Next Winter.
As the result of the conference held be
tween Glaus Spreckels, ex-Mayor Ellert
and Major Winchell of the Salvation
Army yesterday, at the office of the sugar
King, one of the great industrial and
social problems is In fair shape to be
solved in a rnoit satisfactory manner in
this State. Employment will b-3 provided
for all who are sincere in their assevera
tions that they desire the opportunity to
earn an hone?t livelihood, and at the
same time a great industry will be ex
tended within the borders of the State.
The conference mentioned was brought
about as tiie result of the suggestion made
by Commander Booth-Tucker of the Sal
vation Army, who is the father of the
idea of colonizing the unemployed on un
occupied lands, with the ultimate view of
allowing the colonists to become the
owners of the tracts upon which they may
be put to work.
While thousands of acres of grain and
fruit lands have been placed at the dis
posal of the committee having the matter
in hand, they look with greatest favor on
the sugar-beet section of the State as offer
ing the best promise of success. Tha
beet-sugar industry offers employment to
a greater number of men to the specified
acreage than grain or fruit growing, and
there is no danger of over-production.
As already toid in The Call, a confer
ence was arranged for between a sub-com
mittee of the citizens' committee having
the colonization scheme in charge and
Claus SpreckeU to ascertain If the latter
would co-operate in the matter. This con
ference took place yesterday and was most
satisfactory to all concerned. Mr. Spree
keb entered most heartily into the spirit
of the work and assured the committee,
comprising ex-Mayor Ellert and Major
Winchell, that lie would do everything in
his power to aid them in colonizing num
bers of the unemployed on sugar-beet
iands.
He offered to place at the disposal of the
committee sugar-beet land which ha had
purchased recently, to see that the colo
nists were given the necessary instruc
tions for the raising of oeets and agreed
to purchase the product at the regular
market price, which is $-1 a ton, and which
returns a handsome profic to the pro
ducer.
This is all liiat the committee desires,
and at the next meeting of t tie main com
mittee a report will be adopted on the re
commendation of the *üb-committee that
the colonization of the unemployed be
first tried on beet-sugar land.
It will take all the time between now
and next winter to get the lands into
shape for the intending colonists, and in
the meantime the committee will devote
itself to raising the necessary fund for pro
viding the colonists wiih implements,
shelter, provisions and clothes until they
have disposed of their first crops. This, it
is estimated, will require about $25,000.
How this amount is to be raised has not
yet been decided. It will probably be in
the 8 nape of a loan, to be repaid ulti
mately by the colonists out of the profits
of their crops.
Should these plans be carried out Ban
Francisco will not again be conlronted
with the task of providing employment
for the destitute and unemployed during
the winter season, as has been the case for
several years past.
RELIEF FOR THE POOR.
Colonel Holland of the Salvation
Army Has Arrived.
Colonel Thomas J. Holland of the Sal
vation Army, general superintendent of
the men's social affairs, arrived in this
City from Portland yesterday. The
colonel is on a tour of inspection and has
already visited the principal cities of the
East. This is his first visit to San Fran
cisco, and he is particularly impressed
with the colonization scheme in Cali
fornia.
"The sugar-beet plan is the grandest
scheme ever designed for the benefit of
the poor. Everywhere in the East," he
said, "people are talking of the wonderful
works going on in California, and if the
idea proves successful, and there seems
to be no reason wJiy it shouldn't, scores of
Eastern cities stand ready to take up the
scheme. Many different plans haye been
adopted in order to rel;eve the unem
ployed and give them homes, but this one
is the complctest in all its details of
any I have ever run across."
"1 am much impressed by the public
spirited manner with which so many of
the leading citizens of San Francisco have
taken up tho matter of relief for the un
employed. I think I can truthfully say I
have never witnessed so much desire to
help on the part, ot any community. The
colonization plan especially suggests great
promise to my ninui, ami the army or
ganization, backed by such an influential
and able committee as is behind it, seems
to me to have within it all tho essentials
of immediate and permanent success. I
am very glad of the opportunity to make
the personal acquaintance of tha warm
hearted people of San Francisco."
Colonel Holland will be in this City only
a short while — ten days at the outside. He
says that he would like to be here when
the colonization scheme is put into opera
tion, but he has fears thnt it will be im
possible. However, Commander Booth-
Tucker has promised to come, so the
launching of the great scheino will have
the highest official backing.
WITH YOUR COFFEE.
Any woman who has a spark of self-respect
about her would a thousand times rather be
called homely than plain.— Boston Transcript.
"That delightful Captain Casterbridge paid
you a great compliment at dinner last even
ing."
"What was that?"
••He took you for my sister."— Punch.
Carrie— May has a beautiful complexion,
hasn't she?
Blanche (a bit jealous)— Oh, sometimes.— New
York Evening Journal.
"I put a fence across my back yard to keep
tbe boys out.
"Did it work?"
''Yes, as long asiittayed up."— Detroit Free
Press.
He— l love you better than my Ufe.
She— Considering tbe life you lead I cannot
say that I am surprised. — Indianapolis
Journal.
"Did you savp anything from the lire?"
"Well, Mrs. Wiser brought out tbe fire-extin
guisher."—Detroit News.
Now that Greater Mew York is au accom
plished fact Chicago will annex Lake Mlchl
gan and take a census of tne fish.— Omaha
World-Herald.
Jinks— The idea of asking me what I'd do if
I were rich! The auestion is simply Idiotic I
Filkins— Why so?"
Jinki— Because any one in his right mind
would know that I would do nothing.—Brook
lyn Life.
BShe— You are the first American I ever heard
say that he liked London better than Paris.
Why do you?
He— They understand my French better in
London than in Paris
"You ought to see Hortense in her spring
gown."
"Is it artistic?"
"Artistic! It hag a bright purple beck
ground, a violet yellow foreground and rive
shade* of pink and green in the middle dis
tance."—Chicago Record.
FRATERNAL DEPARTMENT.
Ei-Aiiemblym»n Kwlng Talks to Starr
King Council of the Junior Order
American Mechnnlcs.
Starr King Council of the Junior Order of
American Mechanics held a very interesting
meeting last Tuesday night in Mission Parlor
Hall. Daring the evening ex-Asbemblyinan
Cal K wing delivered an instructive and inter
esting address upon the State Legislatures
from the time of the meeting of the first one
in San Jose in 1849 down to the one that re
cently adjourned. His lecture wa» thoroughly
appreciated and at the close of it the council
tendered him a vote of thanks. Short ad
dresses were also made by visitors from Abra
ham Lincoln, U. S. Grant and James A. Gar
fieid councils.
A delegation of the council on Tuesday ac
companied National Representative Delvan B.
Bowley, one of its members, to the Oakland
ferry to bid him good-by, godspeed and a safe
return to the City. Sir. Bowley goes to the
National convention, which is being held in
Pittsburg, Pa., this week. lie will, while in
the East, keep hit council advised daily as
to the proceedings of the National body.
NextTuesdayevening Starr KingCouncll will
give a housewarmer and smoker In its nail, on
Seventeenth street, and all members of the or
der have been requeued to be present and
bring their friends with them. A good time
is assured, for the council long ago established
a reputation for hospitality.
The council has accepted the invitation of
the Bunker Hill Association to participate in
the celebration on June 17.
Next Tuesday evening Horace W. Philbrook
will address the council on "Samuell Adams,
the Revolutionary Patriot."
On the following Tuesday the nomination
of officers whesa term will commence July 0
will take place. There will be a spirited con
test for some of the offices. Vice Councilor
Stripple is leading for tne office of councilor,
while two others holding subordinate posi
tions are in the race with him. Arrange
ments are being made for the public installa
tion of the officers after eiection, and this will
be the first council to publicly install its offi
cers.
At a previous meeting the council appointed
a committee to decorate on Memorial day the
srave of the orator-soldier, Colonel E. D.
Baker, with garla ids of flowers and with the
American flag, and to also decorate the graves
of deceased members of the council. Last
Monday the committee under the ieadersnip
of Financial Secretary George S. Johnson vis
ited Laurel Hill cemetery and there devoted
the greater portion of a day cleaning the moss
covered an-i dust-stained monument over the
remains oi the soldier hero and putting it In
condition to receive the emblems of patriot
ism and of respect to be shortly placed there.
Companions of the Forest.
At the closing session o! the Supreme Grand
Circle of the Companions of the Forest the fol
lowing officers were elected for the ensuing
year: Mr*. Sarah Beverson, supreme grand
chief companion; Mrs. M. B. Pheips, supremo
sub-chief companion; Mrs. M. E. falconer,
supreme grand treasurer; Mrs. F. N. Morrow,
supreme grand secretary; Mrs. M. Brough,
supreme grand herald; Mrs. Virginia Cer
veilf, supreme right guide; Georce J. Berger,
supreme grand left gnide; Ml«sLenaSweitzer,
supreme grand inner guard; Mrs. Julia Ben
nett, supreme grand outer guard. The new
officer! were duty installed by Past Supreme
Grand Chief Companions John Falconer, Mrs.
Minnie Asher, P. F. McXuity and Mrs. Annie
M. Phillips.
Mrs. Morrow, the very efficient and affable
supreme grand secretary, wan nominated with
out opposition and elected by a unanimous
vote, a high compliment to an efficient and
courteous official.
The session having been closed in due form,
the delegates and grand officers met in the
evening and attended the performance at lhe
Columbia Theater, and yesterday a number of
delegates were taken to the park, Sutro
Heights and theCiff House.
California Council No. 530, N. V.
California Council No. 530 of the National
Union held a large meeting last Wednesday
night in Stanford Hall, Alcazar building, and
in addition to the regular membership there
were present visitors from Union and Golden
Gate councils. During the evening seven
candidates, one of them a member of the de
gree team of the Independent Order of Odd
Fellows, were initiated with all the very im
pressive and patriotic ceremonies of the order.
The council has now reached the 275 notch in
its membership, and expects in a short time
to attain the 300 murk.
Upon the request of a little schoolgirl who
is collecting funds for the Lincoln monument
to be erected in Golden Gate Park, the council
voted $10 to her list.
During tho evening it was stated for the
benefit of the new members that the name
of a council must not be used for the purpose
of advertising.
Under the head of good of the order an ad
dress on fraternity was delivered by W. A. S.
Nicholson ; E. C. Boysen sang a vocal solo and
one of the members told how a daily news
paper is prepared lor the readers.
The council is making arrangements for Its
grand patriotic meeting to be held on the 16th
of next month.
Hall Dedication Postponed.
The dedication of the new hall for Sumner
Lodge No. 177 of the Independent Order of
Odd Fellows, at Tracy, San Joaquin County,
has been postponed until the2d oi July, when
the dedication will be held with all the Im
pressiveness that such an occasion demands.
San Jose Council, N. U.
J. N. Bunting, secretary of the Kan Fran
cisco Cabinet, National Union, paid a visit last
Monday to San Jose Council, in the Garden
City, and found it one of the most progressive
councils outside of San Francisco. It has
a good membership, composed of the best class
of citizens, and it is doing active work to ad
vance the interests of the order. At the close
of the meeting the visitor was the honored
guest at a banquet specially prepared on ac
count of his visii.
Woodmen of the World.
Redwood Grove No. 1, Woodmen's Circle,
the ladles' branch of the order, will give its
first musical entertainment and dance in
Social Hall, Foresters' building, this evening,
and as many responses to invitations have
been received it Is expected there will be pres
ent a large number of the choppers and their
wives and lady relatives. A fine programme
has been prepared. This grove has been quite
active of late and tnere are initiations at
every meeting.
Redwood Camp No. 91 will observe Wood
men's memorial day on Sunday, June 6, with
appropriate ceremonies at Cypress Lawn
Cemetery. A number of the deceased mem
bers of the camp aro at rest there, and their
graves will be strewn with flowers by many
who hold in fond remembrance those who in
life had besn their companions.
Redwood Camp initiated fourteen members
during April and will during the current
month initiate eighteen. Tho election of
officers will be held next Thursday evening.
Assessment 83 has been called for the month
of May.
HE \VAi> DIirQUAL.FIED.
Santa Barbara Press.
District Attorney A. A.Oelesby hu refused
to take any part in the Fernandez-Bonardy
feud. Townshin Justices H. G. Crane and W.
C. Gammill yesterday officially notified him
that wholesale complaints had been sworn to
by the two families, one conducting a chop
houie and the other a truit and fish establish
ment. Mrs. Fernander applied an opprobri
ous epithet to Mrs. Bonardy, and the latter at
once caused the former's arrest, the other re
taliating by causing Mrs. Bonardv's arreM.
The warlike Colonel J. L. Fernandez could
stand this no longer, and accordingly he had
Peier Bonardy anested, but the latter in turn
had the colonel pulled.
The four persons are charged with disturb
ing the peace, and a special counsel caLed at
the District Attorney's office to ascertain what
that official proposed to do in the complicated
premises. Mr. Oglesby, however, was equal to
the occasion, for be replie J: "1 cat beoistenk
with one and fish with the other, whereiore I
am utterly disqualified and decline to inter
fere in the case." The surprised nttomey
then added: "I'll tell Grant Jackson, the
colonel's attorney, what you have said." To
which the District Attorney answered, "Well,
tell him tuai's my position."
ALASKA MAILS.
Award of Contract for the Season of
1897.
Tortusß. Weare of Chicago, 111., has re
ceived the contract to carry the mails,
from San Francisco, Cal., via Unalaska,
Alaska, and tho Yukon .River to Circle,
Alaska, and back, three round trips; also
from Seattle. Wash., via Unalasfca,
Alaska, and the Yukon River to Circle,
Alaska, and back, two round trips, in
steamboats daring the season of naviga
tion of 1897, at a compensation of $600 for
each of the five round trips, the mails to
be carried by the steamers of the Alaska
Commercial Company, sailing from San
Francisco about the sih of the months of
June, August and September, and by the
steamers of the North American Trans
portation and Trading Company, sailing
from Seattle about tlie 10th of June and
August. _
No Error Was Committed.
An important point was decided yesterday
by the Supreme Court in the case of John H.
Bowers and others aeainst the Modoc Land
and Livestock Company. Bowers brought
suit against the company for a balance of
due on a sale of cattle in Modoc County
and he obtained judgment In spite of a de
murrer by the defendants. The ground was
taken that such an action should have been
brought in San Francisco, where the defend
ants' cnlef place of business is located. The
Supreme Court held that the lower court did
not make a mistake in refusing to allow tne
demurrer, and the action was properly
brought in the county (Modoc) where the con
tract for the sale was made.
» » — «
California glace fruits, 50c Ib. Townsend's."
- — * •
This week genuine eyeglasses, specs, 15c to
40c; Sundays, 740 Market, Kast's shoestore;
weekda7s, 35 Fourth st.
• — ♦ — • >
Fpeciat. information daily to manufacturer*,
business houses and public men by the Pr«M
Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Montgomery. '
« — — » — •' ■-
HrsßAND's Calcined Magnesia— first*
premium medals awarded ; more agreeable to
the tasto and smaller dose than other meg
nesia.. For sale in bottles with registered trade
mark label. ■ ;*•:••_- '■:
• — ♦ — «
Mrs. Clara Fisher Maeder, the once famoui
actress, has published her memoirs. She is 88
years of age and iirst went on the stage when
4 years old. For 72 years she acted continu
ously, and at tho age of 78 retired. She was
at one time considered the best Shakespearean
actress of her day.
• — • — • ■
S2OO REWARD
Will be paid to any person furnishing infor
mation to the undersigned which will causa
the arrest and conviction of any person or
persons bottling local beer in James Everard's
bottles under his label and trademark — Bed
Star Pure Canada Malt Lager Beer — or the ar
rest and conviction of any person selling same,
knowing it to be an infringement.
Our agents are as follows :
Goldberg, Bowen & Co., grocers.
Kolb &Denhard, liquor dlrs.. Montgomery gt.
Ahrens. Peiti dtßullwinkel, liquor dlrs., Post.
Wieland & Collins, Montgomery street.
Theo. Gier, Fourteenth st., Oakland, Cal.
John C. Grauey, General Agent, 412}^ Post
at., S. F., for James Everard's Brewerleo, New
York City. •
• — ♦ — ♦
Washington papers note the fact that a curi
ous friendship has sprung up between Senator
Foraker and Senator Tillman. Almost daily
when business 1.-'gs and both men have looked
over their mail Mr. Tillman walks over to the
Republican side and Bits beside Foraker.
There they spin yarns and the South Caro
linan relates his early boyhood experiences
and his latter-day political battles in a man
ner peculiarly his own.
Excursion to the Kmt and Yellowstone
Park.
A party is now being formed to make the toar
of the Yellowstone Park, leaving here the
29th of Jiay. It will be In etiarze of Dr. J. C
Brenner of Stanford University Rates will bo
ver>° reasonable and accommodations first class.
The Yellowstone I'ark can justiy lay claim to hav
ing more natural nonders and magnificent scen
ery witbin its bounds than any other spot iv the
world, and a trip there Is one that will never b«
forgotten. ]f you would like to join the party
communicate at once with J. E. McDowell, Stan
ford University, or I". K. Stateler, general agent
Korthern Pacific Railway, 638 Market SU, 8. ¥.
The Swiftest Train In the West —
;s;_ Days to Chicago or St. Louis—
4^ Days to New York.
The Santa Fe Limited has dining-car, buffet
smoking-car *nd Pullman palace drawing-room
sleeping-cars. Leaving San Francisco at 6p. il
Mondays and Thursdays, connection is made at
Berstow with this handsome train. Through cars
to Chicago, both Pullman palace drawing-room
and modern upholstered tourist sleepers, run
dally. Tickets aJso sold via Portland, Ogcien, Los
Angeles, Deming or El j'aso to all doIqU in the
United States, Canada, Mexico or Europe. See
time table In advertising column. Ban Francisco
ticket office 644 Market street. Chronicle build
ing. Telephone Alain 1531. Oakland, 1118
Broadway.
• — • — •
Railroad Tickets to the East: tli Rio
Grande Western nnd Denver and
]>io (irande Bailwajs,
At lowfit possible rates, with through Patiman
buffet and tourist sleeping car service every day.
Personally conducted excursions leaving Tuesday.
Wednesday and Thursday. Only line permitting
stop-over at Salt Lake City on all classes of tlcicsia
Detailed information and tickets furnished *. i«
Montgomery street, or 314 California sue*:.
_. ; . > ♦ « .
••Mrs. WJnilow'i Soothing Syru^**
rtms been used over fifty years by millions at
mothers for their children whl.e Teething with pat*,'
feet success. H sooihestbe child, softens the mi.'
allays Palo, enres Wind Colic, regulates the Bow«l»
and Is tbe best remedy for Dlarrbceas, whether arts-'
ing from teeita Ing or other causes. or sale by Crag
gists In every part of the world. Be sure and aslc
lor lUu. \\ insiow'a (Soothing Syrup. 20c a bottl*
;■.'.":■■.— — — -• — • — •— r ■ ■ .'
■ Corosabo. — Atmosphere is perfectly dry. soft
and mild, beini entirely free from tne mlsta com
mon farther north. - Kound-trip tlekats. by steam*
ship, including fifteen clays' board at the Hotel d«i
Coronado, SBO; longer stay $2 50 per day. Apply :
4 New Montgomery s'reet, San Francisco. .'. ;<"
. ! — : — ■ — » ♦ *
Cnnnxic constipation Is a troublesome an 4
dangerous disorder. The surest and safest remedy
is Ayer's Cathartic Tills. ■
Mrs. McKinley, according to one of her
schoolmates at Brooke Hall, did not care for
music or art when she was young Miss Saxon.
Fancy : work was her favorite pastime, and
many hours when the other girls were romp
ing on . the seminary grounds she whs busy '
with her crochet or need:e. The seminary
was one of those where novels, candy and
inn callers were not allowed, ehe left the
Keuiinary at 19, before graduation, and was.
promptly sent to Europe by her father, a
wealthy banker of Canton.
NEW TO-DAY.
After all it is Nature that
makes the cures. Only now
and then she gets into a tight
place arid needs the helping
hand of science. When the
right thing is needed to check
diseased action and start the
organs and tissues' on the way
to health, Scott's Emulsion
comes as the helpmeet of
Nature. It feeds, nourishes,
strengthens; and it does this
all round — the Hypophos-
phites act upon the nerves
the Cod-liver Oil feeds the
body. For loiy^ d^c^t. & > 1 l:
GROVE L. JOHNSON
HAH RKMOVKD HIS : I,AW OFFICES FROM
XL >acraruento to San " Francisco and formed a
partnership I wttti Walter H. Llnforth and Georz*
E AVhUalter, wltb uUkva at 310 Fine at.FRIDAY MAY 21, 1h97
AMUSEMENTS.
Baldwin Thkatkb —'•The Rival*."
Columbia Theater- Excelsior Jr."
Mqrosco's Opera -House-- Kast Lynne."
Alcazar Thfatf.r.— The First Born" and "A
Glimpse of Paradise."
Tivolt Opera Hocsx. — Captain FracfcJßa."
ORPHKUM.-Hi(th-Class VaudovUle,
Obkkon.— Grand Concert.
Wechaxics' Pavilion— Dog Show.
fccTKo Baths.— Bathing and Performance*.
The Chutes and *kattn«» Rink— Dally at
Balght street, one block east of the Park.
PICNICS AND EXCURSIONS.
Xi, Caicpo— Music, Dancing, Boating, Fishing,
*v*ry bunday.
bHKLi, MorKB Park.— Picnic Saturday.
AUCTION tALES.
Bt Chas. Iwrx A Co.— TbiM day, May 21.
Furniture, at 1135 Mnrket st root, at 11 o'clock.
1 ■» Ibank W. J-rTTKBMKi.o— This day. May
21, Furniture, at 1"6 Fourth st., at 11 o'clock.
1 \ F. S. f^rVAR * Co.— Saturday, May 22,
Saloon, at 34 Momeomery St., at M o'clock.
By E. Sk Spkar* Co.— Monday. May V 4, Rnpg,
at Kearny street, corner at 11 a. m , 2 and
7 :30 p. m.
By 8. F>fch— Saturday, May 22, Bicycles, at
1744 Market street, at 2 o'clock.
By ECIXIVAS A' Dovi.v— Saturdny, May "2.
Buggies, tic., at corner Fifteenth and Valencia
streets, at 10 o docs.
T Vos Hn> in * Co.— Thursday, May 27,
Teal Fstatc. at t-aiesroom, 613 Calitornia street,
at 12 o'clock.
CITY NEWS IN BRIEF.
Colonel Holland of the Salvation Army ar
rived here yesterday.
Cloudy Friday, with continued cold weather,
is to-day's prediction.
The McKenzie muslcale la?t night crowded
Odd Fellows' Hall to the door.
LollaT. Allen has sued the Home Insurance
Company of New York for $2200.
Miss Anneta George made her debut with the
McKenzie Musical Society last night.
The Episcopal Convention successfully com
pleted its work yesterday and adjourned sine
die.
The Frawley Company arrived yesterday
from the East aud will begin rehearsals at
once.
Commencement exercises of the Irving In
stitute were held at Golden Gate Kali last
evening.
Twenty-one graduates of the California Med
ical College were banqueted by the faculty last
evening.
The Ancient Order of Hibernians began
the r thirty-sixth annual convention here
yesterday.
A witiess has turned up who saw Durrant
nn-et Minnie Williams at the ferry landing on
Ajril 12, 1895.
The Supreme Court has rendered judgment
for P. W. Murphy Id big case agaiuai the city
of Sail Luis Obispo.
George A. Knipht has applied for a continu
ance until August 10 in the trial of the Jacob
Z. Dav;s will contest.
The Park and Ocean Railroad will be ordered
to remove its station and fences from Stanyan
street within ninety days.
The Water Committee of the Board of Su
pervisors last night recommended municipal
ownership of water works.
The third annual meeting of the Merchan's'
A.« s <"'piat:on was held last evening in the
Academy of Sciences' HalL
Chief Lees held a conference with the Po'.ice
Judges yesterday morning and read them a
lesson on queer bail bonds.
At '.he meeting of the Fire Commissioners
yesterday five members were fined lor neglect
oi duty and oilier offenses.
Fire Marshal Towe has recommended that
shoddy mills as well as carpet-beaters be re
moved to isolated districts.
Hundreds of people were swindled yesterday
morning through buying $1 tickets for a
"lake" excursion to San Jose.
Mrs. Elinor Martin, the well-known society
leader, had her pocket picked Tuesday while
leaving the terry-boat at Xiburon.
The Boyal Insurance Company has pur
chased the old Pacific Batik property on Pine
and Sansome streets for $145,000.
Mate Elwell of the ship Dirigo was arrested
yesterday for cruelty to seamen. The captain
accuses four oi the crew ot broaching cargo.
The Street Committee of the Board of Super
visors has ordered that a children's playground
be established in each public park and square.
The first and second-class fares to Portland
will be reduced $2 each, beeinning with Sun
day, the rate then being $19 and $12 respec
tively.
George W. Wright, stationer, 113 Taylor
street, washed up by a robber in his store
Wednesday night, who took $11 out of the
cash drawer.
Mary Heynes, 65 years old, was found dead
in her* bed'at 317 Third street yesterday morn
ing. Alcoholism is Delieved to have been the
cause of death.
The thirty-eighth anniversary of the San
Frutcisco EchuetMH Yerein was celebrated at
California Hall last night. Lawrence Bauer
was crowned King.
The committee in the interest of colonizing
200 or 300 families of the unemployed on
lands for growing sugar-beets conferred with
i/.aus Sprecitels yesterday.
Residents of the Richmond district held a
mass-meeting last evening for the purpose of
agitating the movement of removing tne City
Cemetery from that locality.
The Brotherhood of the Co-operative Com
monwealth is the name of a new local order.
Its purpose is to carry out the plans recently
advocated by Eugene V. Dabs.
The stand taken by Colonel John P. Irish
against letting adulterated California brandy
go to Europe is highly approved by the Man
utecturers' and Producers Association.
Lucretla Borgia lowered tha world's four
mile record at Emeryville track yesterday.
The purse- winners were: Jeri.derio, Reel,
Collins, SatEuma, Earl Cochran and Midas.
Second-street bridge is being fitted with hy
draulic power, ana when the wart is com
pleted three men out ot the four who were re
quired to handle it will be dispensed with.
The Perkins &. Wise Company has been in
corporated with a capital of $2511,000 by
Abraham £'. Hyman, Lucius L. Solomons.
Wallace N. Wl c, trylvian J. Lazarous and
George M. Sparks.
At the conference between Claus Spreckels,
ex-Mayor EDert and Maj.»r Winchell yesterday
the bugar king promised his hearty co-opera
tion in the scheme to colonize the unemployed
on the sugar beet lands in this State.
Judge Cook yesterday ndvised the jury in
the case of Young Hon to return a verdict of
acquittal. Tne prisoner wns charged with
robbery, and there was a massof contradictory
Chinese evidence on both sides of the case.
Tne lum of $1250 recently allowed to Julius
Kabn by the Regents <>i the University for ser
vices performed at Sacramento during the ses
sion oi the Legislature has been paid to Kahn
by Louis S.osh, treasurer of the Board of Re
gents. Governor ttudd signed the checJc to
cover the treasurer's advance.
Max Gumpe!, the hanawritim: expert, hag
succeeded David Carvalho, the New York ex
pert, on the witnes»-«tand In the Fair
craven trial. He testiflea yesterday that, in
his opinion, the "peucii" will and disputed
deeds were fabrications. Gumpel, it is said,
once pronounced the will to be genuine, and
he will probably have to explain his change
of mind when under cross-examination
KEW TO-DAI.
HUMORS
Pimples, blotches, blackheads, red, rough,
orly, mothy skin, itching, scaly scalp, dry,
thin, and falling hair, and baby blemishes
prevented by Cuticura Soap, the most
effective skin purifying and beautifying
soap in the world, as well as purest ana
sweetest for toilet, bath, and nursery.
dtlcura
Soap v told throughout the world. Potttb Decs
Cc.Rr.,SoleI J ropi., Bwton.U. S. A.
••""How to Prerent F»ee Humor*," mailed ft«e.
EVCBV UllUflß From Pimple* to Bcrofala cored
LrCnT nUIYIUn bj- tuncuu aimwu,
A Fancy Picture of the Golden Gate as It Appeared Yesterday. Coasters, Steamers and Deep-Sea Traders Thronged the Entrance
to the Port, and at One Time No Less Than a Dozen Vessels Were Passing In at the Same Time. The Sketch Was
Made From Harbor View.
TROUBLE AHEAD
FOR MAX GUMPEL
Once the Pencil Will Was
Genuine, but Now a
"Drawing."
His Cotfl cting Opinions to Be
Exposed When He Is
Cross-Examined.
Expert Carvalbo Finishes His Testi
mony, and Confesses Hs Blun
dered oa the Morey Letter.
Now it's Expert Gumpel.
Expert Carvalho managed to worry
\ along through the cross-examination he
i was subjected to yesterday in the Fair
| Oraven trial — true, with the addition of
i several more gray hairs to his sprinslea,
head, but at least alive.
Max Gnmpel was "next," as the tonso
rial a.tist would say, but he did not reach
the cross-examination trouble before the
close of the session. Gunipel is apt to be
asked some sharp questions when he faces
W. W. Foote, one of Mrs. Nettie Craven's
leading defenders. .This because Mr.
Foote is said to possess information to the
effect that a year or so ago Max made an
exhaustive study of Senator Fair's hand
! writing and then compared it with the
I disputed "pencil" will produced by Mrs.
i Craven, with the result that he pronounced
i that document to be genuine — in the hand
[ writing of the deceased millionaire. That
: was at the time when the Fair children
j and their attorneys were all salaaming
! before Mrs. Craven and welcoming the
i pencil will as they would a winged angel
! from heaven. But now they are all on
the other side of the fence, the proposed
compromise with Mrs. Craven having
fallen through.
Gumpel shifted his base, too, so the
! story goes. He now says that the will is
I a fabricated initiument, and so declared
i under oath yesterday. Undoubtedly Mr.
I Foote is going to quiz him on that point,
and the attorney expects to bring, out
! some highly interesting developments.
There was the usual throng in Judge
Slack's courtroom when the proceedings
were resumed yesterday morning— the
' crowd that always collects there when
j ever anything interesting is on tap. David
: Carvalho, the New York expert who has
i testified that the will and deeds are not
I genuine, took the witnesi-sland immedi
j ately and steadied himself for the begin
; ning of Mr. Foote 1 cross-query.
After Carvalbo had been made to tell
j abuut some of the celebrated cases be had
I testified in as an expert Mr. Foote plunked
i this at him:
"You testified in the Morey letter case,
j years ago, didn't you?"
"I did," was the reply.
As everybody doubtless remembers the
| Morey letter was the document that was
| sprung during General Garfield's cam
] paign for the Presidency and with which
I his opponents hoped to lessen his chances
lor success.
"And you pronounced General Gar
lield's signature to be genuine, too, didn't
you?" continued Mr. Foote.
"Yes, sir."
"And you afterward pronounced it not
his signature, isn't that so, too?"
"Yes, I am satisfied that it was not his
signature."
"But you had said that it was?"
"I did." •
"And then that it was not?"
"Yes."
"So yon made a mistake then?"
"I did."
Carvalho was going to explain, bnt Mr.
Foote said he was not asking for that. It
was sufficient for the jury to know that he
was not infallible.
In answer to another line of questions
the expert said he was receiving $100 a
day and expenses for his services to the
Fair estate. He has already received about
|6700, and something like 52300 more is
now due. He admitted that he had many
consultations with tbe attorneys for tbe
estate, but had always assured them that
tbe disputed documents were spurious.
Mr. Foote wanted to show that Carvalho
had testified that documents in dispute in
the Quackenbush case bad been tampered
with by use of acids, whereas Judge Seu
well had ruled that this was not true, but
tbe court woula not permit him to do so
for fear it would involve a retrial of the
Quackenbush case.
The baiting of Expert Carvalho by Mr.
Foote was resumed at the afternoon ses
sion, but was boou concluded.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY^ MAY 21, 1897.
"Can you tell by an examination of a
person's handwriting how old that person
was when he executed the document or
what his physical condition was?" asked
Mr. Foote.
"In a great many cases, yes," replied
Carvalho. "As age creeps upon the in
dividual the hand becomes stiffer and
slower of action and also wavers some
what. This migbt also be the result of
sickness."
"Would it not also cause more breaks
and spaces in the formation of the words ?"
"1 think it would."
"Breaks similar to those you have at
tempted to point out in the pencil will?"
••Perhaps — in fact, quite likely."
"That's all I wanted to know," said Mr.
Foote, and then he announced that he
was done with the witness.
Redirect examination now being in or
der Attorney Mitchell asked Carvalho to
explain the circumstances under which
he happened to give two different expert
opinions regarding the Morey letter. In
reply he said that his first opinion —
namely, that the document was written
by General Garfield and was genuine — was
based simply upon an examination of a
purported reproduction of the letter in a
newspaper called Truth. Subsequently,
however, he saw the original document in
court, and then found that be was mis
taken in his first verdict. He said he ex
plained to Garfield by letter how he hap
pened to blunder.
Mr. Foote objected to this evidence as
being irrelevant, and considerable of it
was stricken lrom the record.
Mr. Mitchell next wanted to know more
of the details of the engagement of Car
valho by Herman Oelrichs to give an ex
pert opinion on the genuineness of the
pencil will. Carvalho said Mr. Oelrichs
sent for him in New York and submitted
to him a photographic copy of the will,
along with a number of letters in Senator
Fair's handwriting.
An effort was made to have Caryalho
say that when Oelricha employed him the
young millionaire believed tho pencil will
to De genuine, and that the expert crushed
his hopes in thai regard. The court would
not permit this to be done, though. Then
it was sought to have him testify that bin
compensation at the hands of the Fair
estate was no greater than he was in tho
habit of charging in all cases wherein he
is required to leave New York. The objec
tion to this was overruled, and Carvalho
renlied that he always charged $100 a day
for his services away from home.
This ended Carvalho's long seige on the
witness-stand, and Max Gumpel, the hand
writing expert of Sharon-trial fame, was
called. Max startled the crowd right at
the beginning by confessing that his given
name was not Max at all, but Michaelmas.
In answer to Mr. Mitchell's preliminary
inquiries, Gumpel said he was born in
Germany, and emigrated to this couutry
in 1870. He worked at his profession,
lithography, in various places, and in 1880
took charge of the lithographing depart
ment of H. S. Crocker & Co. For twenty
seven years, he said, he bad made a study
of handwriting, and had testified in the
courts of Calliurnia as an expert, over a
hundred times.
Then, petting down to business, the
witness said he had made an exhaustive
examination of letters written by Senator
Fair, but had seen only photographs of
checks bearing his signature. He had
also examined the disputed deeds, the
pencil will and Fair's letter to Mrs. Cra
ven. He did this at the solicitation of tho
executors of the Fair estate. As the re
sult of this scrutiny and employment he
Lad formed an opinion as to the disputed
papers.
When Gumpel was asked to give this
opinion Mr. Foote objected on the ground
that the expert was not com pe ten t to obey
this command because it appeared that
he had examined some of Fair's writings
that were not in evidence in the case. The
attorney said he would demand that ail of
these papers be produced in court.
Judge Slack ruled that he would per
mit the introduction of these outside let
ters and papers when the cross-examina
tion was reached.
Thi» seemed to worry the attorneys for
the plaintiffs, for both Mr. Wheeler and
Mr. Mitchell made long arguments in the
l?ope of setting a mversal ot the ruling.
They said it bad not been shown that
Gumpel based his opinion altogether upon
those writings, but rather upon the checks
and letters formally placed in evidence.
The court would not be swerved from
the first ruling, and Gumpel was directed
to bring all of the letters he examined into
court.
Gumpel then gaTe his delayed opinion.
A? was to be expected, he being tbe plain
tiffs' witness and in their employment,
tbit opinion was to the effect that the
will, deeds and latter were all imitations.
He proceeded to explain why he reached
this opinion, and with chalk in hand he
demonstrated on the blackboard. He said
he found in Senator Fair's admittedly
genuine signatures a "life" and a "flu
ency" thai he could not discover in the
disputed writings. "Life" could only be
imparted to an imitation, said Gumcel, by
retouching the latter after it had been
written, lie said he believed that the
signatures in the deeds and other docu
ments in question had all been retouched,
and in some instances retouched in the
wrong places. Continuing, he took up the
San some- street deed, and said be found
that tbe signature was broken into more
pieces than was Fair's regular signature.
Gumpel was still undergoing direct ex
amination when court adjourned until
to-day.
A RUSH THROUGHT
THE GOLDEN GATE
Coasters and Deep -Sea
Vessels Pass. la To
gether.
One Record Broken, but the Ma
jority of the Wind-jammers
Made Long Trips.
The New Steamer Moana and the New
Folsom-Street Wharf Will Meet
Next Month.
A change came over the Golden Gate
yesterday. Instead of the monotonous
quiet that has prevailed for weeks past,
coaster after coaster, steamer after steamer,
and deep-sea ship after deep-sea ship hove
in sight and passed in. All had made
fair passages, and in every instance the
captains were more than glad to make
port.
The steam-schooner Laguna came in
with the cautain on the sick list. Every
thing went well until the vessel was off
Point Reyes. Tne steamer was caught in
a heavy sea and the boom jibed. It
caught CaDtain Peterson, knocking him
to the deck and seriously injuring him.
The vessel was brought into port fty tne
chief officer.
Another arrival was the British strip
Trafalgar, and John Rogers, ex-chief jailer
at the County Jail, is not likely to forget
her in a hurry. Rogers has always been
rememDered as the man who nad charge
of the hanging of Alex Goldenson, the
murderer of Mamie Kelly. Now he will
be known as the man who spent twenty
four hours in quarantine because he
boarded a ship before the Health Officer.
Since his time as a City and County officer
expired Rogers has been managing a
sailor boarding-house on the water iront.
When the Trafalgar hove in sight he
went out to her, and was in the forecastle
when Dr. Bleu boarded her. Rogers was
at once placed under arrest, and when the
examination of the ship's papers was com
pleted tie was taken to Angel Island.
There he will be bathed, his clothes fumi
gated and himself vaccinated. Then fie
will be brought back to the City. It is
safe to say that Rogers will not be
caught on an incoming ship again before
the quarantine officer arrives.
At least two dozen vessels passed
through the gate during the day. There
were nine steamers and steam schooners,
one ship, two barkentines ana tea or a
dozen schooners.
The steamer Washtenaw made a record
round trip to Tacoma. She left here a
week ago and after discharging iier sound
cargo took in 4850 tons of coal and got
back here yesterday. The round trip oc
cupied 7 days 15 hours, one of the quickest
on record.
The British ship Trafalgar had an un
eventful run from Newcastle, N. S. W.,
and the barkentine Archer • long run of
22 days from Honolulu. The barkentine
Gleaner made a good run oi 6 days from
Grays Harbor, but the schooner Norms
took a long time— 26 days— coming here
from Tahiti.
Folsom-street wharf i« nearing comple
tion, and next month it will be ready for
the Oceanic Steamship Company. The
first steamer to dock at it will be the new
steamer Moana, which has been built to
take the place of the Monowai. One of
the finest vessels of her class afloat and a
wharf that has no superior in the world
can thus be seen at the same time next
month. Chief Engineer Holmes of the
Harbor Commission has seen to it that
nothing is lacking in the equipment of
the wharf. Electric lights have been
placed in all the offices and along the
shed, and the discharging apron will be
worked by a patent hydraulic lift, which
will save an enormous amount of labor.
Chief Holmes has also made many im
provements nt the Second-street bridge.
At the present time hydraulic appliances
are being put in there. Heretofore it took
four men to handle the machinery. When
the changes hare been made one man
will be able to do all the work, and do it a
great deal better. The saving in salaries
alone will soon recoup the State.
In regard to the mutiny on the Belford,
it was stated that Dr. Hay was a practic
ing physician and in partnership with Dr.
McDonald, the well-known medico. Dr.
Hay is only here on a vacation, and will
leave early in July to till au important
position in one of the British hospitals in
India.
Yon Tiedemann In His Own Behalf.
Carl W. you Tiedeniftim, charged with pur
jury, took the witness-stand on his own behalf
yesterday. He denied all the allegations of
ihu witnesses that he was cognizant of th«
crookedness of Uuy a VVhitcornb, wtio he said
engineered a scheme to fabricate a deed to
Mrs. Harriet P. Christy's real estate. He said
that he was a victim of the machinations of
Whitcomb and his associates and alleged that
he suffered on account of their evil deeds as
much as anybody. The case will occupy the
attention of the court all next week.
FARES REDUCED TO PORTLAND.
A Cut of S3 by Kail From th« Regular
Kate.
The fares of excursionists on the Cali
fornia and Oregon road from here to Port
land are to be reduced. The new schedule
will go into effect on Sunday next. The
first-class fare, which has hitherto been
$21, will be reduced to $19, and the second
class fare, hitherto $14. will be cut to $12,
making a $2 reduction in both instances.
The rates to Puget Sound will remain un
changed.
The steamer rates from this City to
Portland are $12 and $<3 respectively. It
appears that for some little time past
more than the average passenger traffic
has been by way of the coast steamers.
This has been in the nature of a quiet
pointer to the railroad that its rates were
deemed too stiff.
Mr. Judah, however, who has been ad
justing the new schedule, says that the
reduction should not be regarded as a step
in the direction of reducing fares. The
way he puts it is that there has always to
be a certain relative adjustment of rates
between the steamers and the railroad
and the latter is merely now going back to
the rate it had in effect from July to De
cember last.
INSURANCE LITIGATION.
Payment of Policy Kef used on Property
Near Santa Rosa.
Lolla T. Allen has sued the Home In
surance Company of New York to recover
$2200. The plaintiff alleges that she held
an incurable interest in property near
Santa Rosa, and paid the premium de
manded by the company; that an error
was made in the policy whereby it was
made to appear that she was the owner
instead of the mortgagee of the property;
that sho did not detect the error until
after the property was destroyed by fire.
The company refused to pay, and as she
does not think she was to blame for the
mistake she demands the full amount
called for by the face of the policy.
A Daughter of Jerusalem.
Those who attended the sessions of the
Women's Congress will remember with
pleasure the tail, majestic, lair-haired
lady, young in years, who electrified the
audience with her eloquence nnd who bore
with her the warmth and poetry of the
Onent. The lady was Mrs. Van Finkel
stein Mountford, whose name is familiar
to all lecture-goers in the East and
throughout Great Britain and the Colo
nies. To those interested in Biblical
Orientalisms, her coming lectures at
Golden Gate Hall are a mine of wealth.
Her costumes are very rich and elaborate,
she is assisted by a dozen people, and the
stage settings and accessories are very
complete and elaborate. Her first enter
tainment will be given to-nigln, and all
appearances point to a crowded house.
Manuel Catin Sued.
Rosa Prieta Alvarez has sued Manuel Cesin
for $50,01)0 damages. She alleges that on the
Cth day of July, 1895, he deceived her by the
use of flattery, false promises and artifice, and
that said Casio is the father ot her child,
since born. She says that she was not able to
attend to her usual business and occupation
for a long time, ana that sne has suffered
greatly iv her reputation in the community.
On Trial for Insanity.
The case of Alfred Lenormand, charged with
insanity, is on nearing before a jury in Judge
Dunne's department of the Superior Court.
In his examination yesterday iha young man
made a very good impression ou the specta
tors. The case will be signed to-day.
KBW to-dat: ;
The reason you don't
complain of your tea is :
you don't know good tea.
You are only acquainted
with trash. The worst tea
in the world is sold Ito this
country.
Schilling's Best is chan-
ging all that.
If you don't like it, your
grocer returns your money
in full. ; "
A Schilling ft Company '
r : San Francisco • * "'„ _ .48tv
'-; .7 "—. - "."..;" -•-— ■ ; ' - . "irni«r~r "i.irf ~*T * ;"■ - !
1 -.»*. - kiK^r't—
BOLD ROBBERY
ON TAYLOR STREET
George W. Wright, Sta
tioner, Held Up in
His Store.
The Robber Had a Revolver
and Cleaned Out the Cash
Drawer.
Wright Is Unable to Give an Accnr-
ate Description of Him, Being Too
Excited at the Time.
A bold robbery was committed at the
stationery-store kept by George W. Wright
at 118 Taylor street, shortly after 9 o'clock
Wednesday night, when the street was
crowded with people.
Wrigttt and nis family live in the rear
of the store, a glass door leading from the
living apartments to the store. Wright
was in the rear playing with his children
for some minutes, and as he returned to
the store he saw the figure of a man
crouched behind the counter where the
cash-drawer is situated.
"Hello!" cried Wright, "what are you
doing there?"
The man jumped to his feet, and pull
ing a revolver out of his pocket pointed it
at Wright and said, "If you move another
step I'll fill you fall of lead."
Wright has only the use of his left arm,
but he did not intend to submit tamely to
being robbed, so he ran into the living
apartments and tried to pull open a
drawer where ne kept his revolver. The
drawer got stucK, and seeing her hus
band's excited condition Mrs. Wright
seized him by the wrist and asked him
what was the matter.
"There's a man in there robbing me,"
said Wrieht, "and he has a Run."
Mrs. Wright endeavored to hold her
husband, but he broke away from her and
ran into the store. The robber had been
backing from behind the counter, keep
ing i he revolver raised in I) is right hand,
and jast as Wright re-entered the store he
backed out of the door on to the sidewalk.
Wright hastily pulled out his police
whistle, but unfortunately it had got
clogged up and was useless. By this time
the robber had walked rapidly north and
disappeared round the corner of £ddy
street.
Tnere was $11 in the cash-drawer and
the robber had taken every cent.
Policeman Coleman, who patrol? Taylor
street, was at the time at the lire on
Larkin street, and was not informed of
the robbery for half an hour after it had
occurred. He and two detectives were de
tailed on the case by Captain Bohen yes
terday, but there is very little chance of
capturing the daring robber, as Wright
was too excited at tbe time to be able to
give any accurate description of him.
It is believed that the marauder was
acquainted with the locality and knew
where WrigUt kept his cash.
"If I had got my revolver out of the
drawer," said Wrieht yesterday, "I would
have shot him, and it is possible he would
have shot me, but I did not think of that,
I was so excited.
"When I saw him backing out of the
door my intention was to follow him along
the street and tackle him, but fortunately
I came to my senses and it flashed into
my mind that he had a revolver and I
hadn't.
"I tlierefore polled my police whistle
out of my Docket, but it was luil of atuS
and I couldn't use it. By that time the
man had disappeared round the corner of
Eddy street.
"I was so excited that I cannot give
much of a description of the man. He
was a tall, stout man, and wore a light
suit. That is about all the description I
can give of him."
NEW TO-DAY.
The Continued Success
of our boys'
and youths' department justifies our
original belief that it would pay you
to give the same attention to junior
clothing as to men's. A visit will
show you the highest grade of chil-
dren's perfect , fitting clothing at
very ordinary prices and a saving to
you of at least one-half.
BROWN=P
,„. Wholesale Manufacturers •
Pro/>s. Oregon C:'fj> Woolen Mills
Fine Clothing
For Man, Boy or Chili
: RETAILED
At Wholesale Prices
121-123 SANSOME STREET,
:y •"; " Bet. Bush and Pine Sts. '''-Tv.-f. r
ALL BLUE SIGNS
**3W "^fcs, "^^- "T^ -t*x ' <^v "'^B'V^Oh
KEXT, TO-DAT--AMtrS£ME2rrs.
LYDIA VAN FINKELSTEInImOUNTFORD,
The Gifled Daughter of Jerusalem,
v ',; FOUK ENTEKfAINMKNTS AT
; :V^, ; . GOLHEN GATE' HALL,'.
v •. ■■'•;•• 6.'5 Butter street, ... . . .
BIBLICAL ORIENTALISMS.
I FRJDAY, May 21; MONDAY, May 24;
TUESDAY, May 25: THURSDAY, May 27.
TICKETS 35 AND 5O CEN'IS.
THE CHUTES.
Continuous Open- Air Performance*
l-.Terr Afternoon and Evcntng. ' j
SATURDAY NIGHT-SKATING RACK.
Jeffries aud Woodi Sunday. , .
' ' Admission 100. '. , : Children 50.
SUTRO BATHS.
OPKN NIGHTS! OPKN NIGHTS!
OPEN DAILY FkOn 7 A. n. UNTIL 1 1 P. fl.
' Concert Every Afternoon and Evenin j. V
Bathing, including Admission: 'Adults. 2Sc: Chll.
Oieu, -Oci tieaeral AUmlaaioa, lOoj CaUdieo. 6c,
KXW : TO-DAT.
SmilingFaccs
Sweet Greetings that
Keep the Home
Happy.
It Is Hard to Smile When" the
Body Is Racked With
Pain.
' It'« hard to unlle when the back la ftchfnff.
the head throbbing-, and the body is full of
pain. The thing to do is to rid yourself of the
, aches and pains, and Mun-
•Ahb ' yon will help you do it.
wjJF^y '-: The Munyon Horaeo-
< C^?yjg-»^<N/7^ w ggßL up of discoveries
RfyjU'^^W/JKnSmt U P °f discoveries
Jr v/ML> . v\ «ff WtmiM and combinations
»tf^^Ki'C\KiwXv^^\ n medicine, are a
■flsjWj^^ff 1. 1. 4' veritable boon to
M^S^^ : ,>^>^ worid is orapidly0 rapidly
MB Wmit&&fi!y^''-'S being converted
* *J by truth and evi-
tKr^Sm '^V^ 1 dence, and soon
Jg .^rA'«\ \**"* school of medicine
WL. ' F X,*"* 'wrill be accepted
k.,,!^ • and recognized aa
- ■ ' the only school
Chat is safe and sure. Here's proof. Will you
•tudy it?
Mr. Edmond Pait, 1721 Berkeley Way,
Berkeley, CaJ., says: " 1 am 54 years old,
and was attacked two yeara a#o with
rheumatism in my limbs. For weeks I
could scarcely walk around. I did not
try doctors because of lack of faith, but
I used various remedies in an effort ta
secure relief. Finally I secured Mun-
yon's Rheumatism Cure, and after taking
two bottles, not being: cured, I gave it up
In disgust, but resuming 1 it again, I took
It for a short time- and find that it com-
pletely cured me."
Munyon has a separate cure for each disease
For sale by druggists, mostly as cents a bottle
If in doubt write to Professor Munyon at
Philadelphia, Pa., and get medical advice free.
unsw TO-DAY-AMUSEMENTS.
TRICDLAfU)tR.GOTTIQDVo>' u»UA.iorvutuu>-**
tAST THREE NIGHTS.
LAST MATINEE TO-MORROW.
• • Ilice's Gorgeous Kxtravaganza,
EXCELSIOR JR.
J>'. \ ;-. With Its Great Cast, Including
SADIE MARTINOT JOE CAWTHORN.
NOTE— week the Theater will be closed
for renovations. . _____ .s* U
Monday Evening, May 31,
Third Annual Engagement of
" Our Home . Organization "
THE FRAWLEY COMPANY,
Who will present the Great .Eastern Success,
"THE FATAL CARD."
Sale (for Season subscribers) opens Tuesday
mornlntr. May 25.
Kegular sale Thursday morning, May 27.
' ■
BALDWIN THEATER.
**._,_ yma-X A C<* UnomorMeUJ x'ropcidhi.'i
MX. N. C.
OOO3D\?w I3Xr
Supported by Miss Max inf. Ei,i.iOTT<t Company.
To-night, and Sat. Kvening— Sheridan's
THE iFIIV^IaJS
MX. GOODWIN aa Bob Acres.
-SATUR MATINEE
. Kobtri s j '■« sterling Comedy,
UAVIiJ GAH.RZCK
And the one-act comedietta,
THK BILJS.NT SVBTKM
NEXT MONDAY— The Great Comedy Triumph,
-AN AMERICAN CITIZEN."
TIVOLf OPERA-HOUSB
ftUufci£BKKßTixß hRn.iN'T Proprietor a. Manaf&c
XjAST TIMES.
Deiilnger's I-atest Comic Opera Success, _
GAPTAIN FR/\GASSAI
(l*lie Prince of Liars.)
GREAT CAST ! NEW SCENERY ! CORRECT
COSTUJIES! ORAND BALLET -
The Best Finales Heard in Tears!
EVERY NUMBER RE-DEMANDED.
Next Week-^MARTHA."
Popular Prices 250 and SOo
MOROSCO'S
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
WAJL.T&H MOROBCO...BoIe Lessee and Manaf*:
BEAPPEARAXCE
Of Oar Favorite Leading Actreat,
MAUD EDNA HALt
Returning from Pronounced Eastern Successes— .
in Uer Grea: Impersonation of
LADY ISABEL in •./: i :
— -"U_a.»T T-YNKTHI"
A Play Teeming With Human Interest.
ELEGANT SCKNERV!
SFLKNDIU DREBSES!-
COSTLY ACCESSORIES!
Evanlnsr Prlcos— lOc, 25c and 500.
Matinees Saturilay and Snnday. .
■ Europe's Greatest Comedy Quintet,
OSltyi'S PASTOAIMB COIP4IV!
"The Waitress and thaTwlstlDg Walter/ '
THE BAGGE!*KNS: the Eccentric llaslciU Ar-
tists, "DO-ail-SOL-DO": THE KBONESCANN
BROS., GUILLE.and a bill of unuaual
Reserved Seats, 26c; Balcony, 10c; Opera Chairs
and Box reatH. Ooc. . .. . •.-.....  . .
The Venetian Ladles' Orchestra in the annex
every evenini< after the performance. :
111 A 11*9 AD ANOTHER
ALCAZAR! cß ,°riT Nm H H 0 T SB
Belaaco&l^Kalllf.Mrs. | LAST NIOHT.
Enormous Success of the Doable Bill.
. .. The Famous Farcical Comeay. • -;—*;■".
- — -A GLIMPSE OF PARADISE.
• And Francis Powers' Chinese Drama,
."' -THE FIRST BORN.-.
. The Greatest Novelty of the Season.
GEO. OBBOURNE. ADELE BELGARDE, HCOO
TOLAiND and tbe Superb Alcazar Company.
Prices. 15c to 60c. S«au by tetephone. Blmck9Bl.
DOG SHOW.
MECHANICS' PAVILION,
MAY 19, 20, 21, 22.
640 DOGS ON EXHIBITION.
300 DOGS OVER LAST YEAB.
ADMISSION 50c. , CHILDREN 25c.
OBERON. OBERON.
G'.Farrell Street, near Stockton.
FERDISASD STAiIFGRAUD
Every Evenlnf-ADMISBION FREE
PICNICS AND | EXCURSIONS.
EL CAMPO,
THE POPULAR BAY KESORT,
NOW OPEN EVERY SUNDAY DURING TMB
SEASON. Music, Dancing. Bowling, Boat-
ing, Fishing and Other Amusements.
' BefreKbments at City prices. Fare, round trip.
25c, Children 10c; Including admission to grounds,
,* ... THK STEAMER IKIAII
Will leave Tlburon Ferry at l»:30 a. v. ; 13:10k
2:00 and 4:00 p. M. Returning, leave Xl Camp) %
atll;15 a, m, l; 00, 3;OOand6:00 r. v. „
78
LUCRETIA
WEARS A
CROWN
Proud Possessor of the
World's Four- Mile
Record.
MADE WITHOUT MUCH
TBOUBLE.
Took a Large Slice Off the
Long-Standing Mark of
Ten Broeck.
HOPED OHLY FOR A COAST
MASK.
Racing for Charity's Cause at Emery
ville—Two Favorites Only
Scored.
EmoryTille track furnUbed some racing
yesterday for the cause of charity. The
attendance *was not above tha average,
bat quite a striking feature marked the
sport.
Lucretia Borgia, a meek-looking, rather
under-sized daughter of imp. Brutus
and 1/edette, was down on the card to go
against the coast four-mile record of
7:2<% held by Marigold. With eighty-live
pounds in the way of little Clawson in the
saddle, she not only accomplished the
feat, but at the same time lowered the
world's record for the distance held by
Ten Broeck, who carried 110 pounds as a
five-year-old, and set the mars at 7:15%.
The Brutus mare, paced after the fi;st
mile by two stable companions, reeled off
the first mile in 1:50, the two miles in
3:35}^. the three miles in 5:22%, and the
four miles in 7:IL
The record-smasher, a chestnut just
turned 4 years, stepped the last half mile
in 54)^ seconds, finishing but slightly dis
tressed. Owner Charles Boots will be pre
sented with a silver cup, and the jockey,
Ciavrson, will be given a handsome gold
mwal.
The rest of the racing was marked by
nothing oat of the ordinary, unless it was
the downfall of four weil-piayed favorite?.
Crescendo started iv the opening rive
furlong scramble a 1 to 2 choice. With
only a band of "dogs" to beat he was away
next tc last and finished among the "ai-o
rans. " Jeriiaerio, a bo to 1 shot, won in a
drive from Chappie, another rank out
eider.
The six-furlong selling event next de
cided looked rather easy for the 8 to 5
favorite Anabasis, but Snider managed to
get cut off two or three times with him
before the stretch wag reached, and, al
though coming very last at the end, was
beaten out a length by Reel, the 9 to 2 sec
ond choice, piloted by Stevens. Dolore
was third.
Billy McClosky was the warm tip for
the mile and a quarter, and had Ames
not gone to pieces toward the end, tbe
chestnut would have landed the purse.
THE "CALL" RACING GUIDE.
QAKLA.ND RACETRACK, First Extra Day, Thursday, nay 20. Weather fine, track
1043.
ttiree-year-o di and up; purse 42 5 a
Index.
Horse, ace, weight.
'A
In
tg
I?
7
6 «l^
91
13
10
11
14
16
15
12
Betting.
00. <Jl.
Jockpy.
1002
1020
1019
1025
1025
10!5
781
1025
lt'26
1018
9-7
536
986
1000
1019
1007
Jeriii-erlo. 3 89
l happtr, 3 90
Gold Boy, 4 109
iCmma D. a. 100
Rose Clark. 6..... 104
Crescendo. 4 115
Iron Jacice'. 6 lun
Madroue, 6 106
B.ue Be 1, t> 105
vul berry, 6 :09
Henry Grattan, 4.1t'3
Braxy, t 99
Domey. 5 112
McFarlane, 5 10*
Leon, 6. 109
Irma. 5 104
2
1
6
4
7
16
8
10
6
I
9
19
11
13
14
15
I
lh
42
51
2 2
71
8
9
1?*
12
61
10
15
14
16
13
1 h
2 h
3b
4 1
62
6 1
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
Parlcer
H. Brown
Ciirns
Hoinies
Mackiir
D. Denison
McDonald
Kennett
G. Wilson
Clawson.
Berjren
J. Shields
Frawley
McNichotls
Joe Weber
Ames
60
IB
20
15
]•-'
4-5
30
tiu
8
10
16
100
20
3j
60
60
3'J
20
40
40
30
1-2
60
40
12
'JO
40
300
40
15
300
100
1 #b
I::::::::
Good start. Won driving.
a c, 1 :02i4.
Winner, Mrs. C Archer's b. f., by Ratheone-Miss Melbourne.
1044. * KCoaD
Index. Horse, age. weight.
1020 Reel, 3 95
1020 Anat.asls, 3 107
1006 Dolore, 3 105
1012 Little Sister, 3. 104
3000 Alrero, 4 109
102 M Bil.y Vice, 3 104
9*9 La Flecha, 4 107
1020 D. J. Tobin, 3 97
1030 Monitor, 4 119
1000 s,;a!kaho, 4 ll'J
li'O7 spry Lark, 4 107
1002 iGranderia, 3 100
3
6
2
6
7
8
10
11
9
12
4
1
1/4
2 2
4 2
6 1
31
8
7 2
10
9
12
11
1 h
% Str.
11 ~1 1
4% 3%
6 2 6 Va
2 3 2*
8 7
71 4%
10 H
3% 9
11 10
12 11
9 12
6 51
Fin.
1 1
21
3h
41
5 1
62
75
8 1
96
10
11
12
Stevens 4
snider 8-5
H. Brown ;. 4
G. Wi150n...... j 10
• ' mes I 10
Macklin I 20
McXlchols...... I 10
McCarthy I HO
Coa«ly 10
I Homes. 50
Myers 25
Clnwson 4
Betting
Oa CL
7-2
9^n
6
20
20
30
60
100
20
60
60
5
9
I !
Good start. Won driving. Winner, W. McLemore's gr. t, b ■ Racqneit- Faithless. Time, 1:16.
1 04 'S THIRD KaCK— One » nd a quarter miles; selling; purse «250.
jn«Jex.
(1085),
1029
1028
1017
1019
10*2
Collins, 5 112
Blll.vMcClOsky,4.lo6
Lady Hurst, ..' 90
Oakland, a 107
Mary Nievee, 4..101
Cheridab. 3 85
Home, age, weight
|
Std. jl4 1* »^
*yt 12% 1% 11
|6 6 5-i 4 4 2 ysj
3233 3 3 3 1
5 4 16 6 6
14 1 |4 h r.h 53
11 V 2 11- 2 h |4 V 2 j
2 1*
34
4 3
5 2
6
1 n*
24
a 4
46
5 6
6
Clawson
Ames
H. lines
Piggolt
KJi -r
Parker
Kfiting.
Op. OL
4-6
6
10
9-5
60
:<0
7-6
3
■ 8
8-5
70
60
Good start. Won driviDg. Winner. C. I*. Rowell's a g., by Inspector B-Piazza. Time, 3:081,4.
104 R JOUKI -i 1 K^»- ->onr miles The Elmwood farm's eh. in., Locretla Bor ia, 4 year* old
j. V3U. .85 pounds (Clawson). by imp. Brmns-Ledeite, against California record— 7 ::iOW Time'
one mile 1:60. two miles 3:35Vi. three miles 5:23%; four miles 7:11. ■■"*
Q^rj FIPTH RA
purse $400.
(992)
(1011)
1027
1028
914
Satsuma, 5 116
i The Roman. 3 101
Taranto, 3 101
Lost "irl, 3 9b
JMonita.a lie
Horse, age, welch t-
St.
4 4%
2 21
3 3%
1 111
6 |5
in*
5
2 1
3h
I% 1 %
3h 31*
lb 2 ly 2
4% 4 6
■-'iy»iu
6 ,5 i
Str.
!2 1£
1 1 Va
4 6
HI
5
1 2
2 i*
36
4 .0
5
Fin.
Freeman... .;....
Clan-son
Bergen :
5teveu5... ........
Shaw...
5-2 9-10
7-10 3-5
20 25
5 5
Rettl.g.
nood start.
Won easily. Wiuner, H. o. Rowell's eh. h.. by MacUug-Albertaa. Time; :49V 4 .
1 04H BIXTH RACK— One mile; pur»e 260.
Index. Horise, age, welcnt. .
1035 Earl Cochran, 4. .104
3025 Del Paso 11, 4.... 99
1030 Montiilmde 4... .104
1029 > aUer.J, 4 102
1022 KapldO. 0 100
1030 Ad Buchanan, 6. U'6
1«29 Miss Ruth, 5. 108
9mi Majoi look:. 5.... 108
1017 (.buries A. 6 103
I 1
2
7
A
9
!
6
b
8
4
St.
'V 4 'Yt
2h 3 1
IV* 11
M 4 b
83 82
4n 5 h
;31 21
72 6 1
. «1 7 V
9 9
_%_
2 h
1 1
41
5 1
7
fa
8
9
ftr.
If
I?
61
ey,
7
8
l 9
Fin. Jorfccr.
1 % H. Blown. ~T~
i 2 2 I 'law-oil.
3 h \ ii-i-g
410 8ergen......."!
6 3 Ureyfus.......
6 3 Stevens ■
7V* J- Shields...."
8 Cairn*.... -
•9 - ■ G. Wilson...;;;'
iO -
-3
8-5
6-2
100
10
30
15 '
25
lie. t nt;.
>P. <:.
* 10
4
'2
2
100
12
1 60
25
50
Good start. Won driving.
Winner, J. Cochran's br. g. by imp. ■stdJartha-J-nule a. Time, 1:42
I H < Q KEVKXI'H BACt— Three quartern of
index.
Horse, a^p, weight.
str.
n.
1030
104-J
1040
:027
1024 I
(1024)
1030
10*7
1024
1020
873
. 1028
1006
(103*)
IMidas, 5 124
X' rtunaie, 3 HOj
Howard, 6 121
Kienzl, S 110
Marioneice. 4. 112
Cardwell, 4 117
!-ea Spray, 5 121
I;i a Colorado, 6 . . 1 21
Trappean, 4 112
>anta Faulu. 3.. ..100
Jim Boseman, 4.119
iannie S, 8 100
Billy Ayreg, a. ...1*1
AdamAndrews,3.llo
1
2
4
6
7
3
5
8
10
9
11
13
12
i 14
31
41
1%
6 i
51
2 1
s*
8
10
11
IS
14
4 1
3 1
1 3
6
5
1*
1 7 .
10
9
12
11
13
14
m
5 V»
a
41
7!!
8 -'
9 r ~
10 ;-•
11
la
is
14 \
1 1 ■'■'.
2 1%
32
±y%
5 1
6 2 .
75
84
9
10 •
II
12
13 ,
14
I Ames "
5u11ivan..'......
8r0wn;.........
Cairns ;:...
Parker...
>haw ...........
Bergen
Macklln
Ruiz .V..... ..„-.
.McDonald
Holmes .
Wilson
Claws 0n .;..;...
3
5-2
10
15
15
50
10
3
12
it .
15.
20
50
■■ 6 -C
7-2
4
15
15
■;o
100
10
4
12
:;0
30
25
100
10
I
Good stHrt. Won driving. Wlauer, J. H. Tarn's v h., by Emperor of -Norfolk- Winona.
1:16
He was backed down to 4 to 1. and in a
drive v.-as bo«ten out but a head by the 8
to 5 choice Collins, with Clawson in the
saddle. Oakland, the second choice,
could not scare ud a gallop.
The wise ones figured The Roman a
"pipe" for the mile and a sixteenth, not
withstanding the fact that bss last per
formance was not one to exult over. He
went to the post a 3 to 5 choice, and was
beaten out withon 1 much effort by bat
suma, the second clioice, well ridden by
Patsy Freeman. Marty Bergen got Ta
ran to home in the show. •
Fred McCnllongh had Del Paso II right
up to it, and the big brown horse was the
real thing in the mile purse, sixth on the
programme. Heavily played at threes,
he made all the running, and was only
collared and beaten out the last fifty
yards by Earl Cochran, a 12 to 1 shot rid
den by H. Brown. Montallade, the 2to 1
choice, badly interfered with throughout
the running, was a good third.
It was only through Coady's good rid
ing that Midas, the lukewarm choice for
the final six-iurlont; sprint, was enabled
to capture the purse. Coming through
next the rail in the stretch, the bay horse
won driving, a length in front of Fortu
nata, rather weakiy ridden by Ames.
Note.
There will be no racing at Emeryville
this afternoon. Saturday will be benefit
ilay for the Fabiola Hospital fund.
THAT "DOCTORED" BEANDY.
The Position of Colonel IrUh Approved
by the Manufaciurerii.
The Manufacturers* ami Producers' As
sociation have taken up the matter of the
adulterated brandy that it. is feared will be
shipped to Europe in spite of the vigorous
protest of John P. Irish. It has been the
richt of this body to enforce the pure foods
laws locally and to prevent "doctorci"
products of the State from being sent
abroad, especially wiih the name of Cali
fornia attached thereunto. Tne stand of
Irish was approved, as shown by tne fol
lowing letter sent to him yesterdas :
May 19, 1897.
Hon. John P. Irish, United States Custom
house, City— Dear .Sir: We were exceedingly
pleased lo hear the report of your vigorous
protest ngainst the exportation of the adul
terated brandy referred to iv an article in tne
San Francisco Chronicle of this date.
Your action in the matter is to us but an
other proof of the fact that California has pub
lic officials who unflinchingly oppose any en
deavors by unscrupulous persons to injure the
reputation of her pro l nets.
We hereby desire to extend to you our appre
ciation of your watchfulness and zeal in work
ing for the interest ol tho Stale, as well as as
sure you of the assistance and support of our
association in your endeavor to protect the
public and benefit the State. We beg to re
main yours very truly,
James W. Kkrr, President,
Deputy Collector Tobin yesterday after
noon signed a permit for tne shipment of
the stuff, but Colonel Irish refused to give
a permit on the ground that the Federal
statute does not ailow blending in the
manufacturing bonded warehouse.
Thomas D. Riordan, attorney for the
warehouse people, said that there was no
statute prohibiting blending and that on
Collector Wise's permit the "brandy"
wou'd be shipped by rail to New Yorlr.
and thence to England.
Damages for Pernonal lujurien.
Two suits lor damages by street railway acci
dents were filed in the Superior Court, yester
day. C. W. Hibbard demands $7030 for in
juries received on the line of the Suiter-street
Railway Company, aud David Sternseher
wants "jjSIOO from the MarKet-street Railway
Company for hurts sustained by him ou the
Ist oi the present month.
Thomas M. Jewett Kecoveriujj.
News was received yesterday from Chihua
hua, Mexico, V* the effect that Thomas M.
Jewett, clerk to the United States Attorney in
ihis City, had recovered sufficiently to partly
regain tne use of his limbs, and that he was
able to recognize his wife and irieuds at his
bedside. The outlook ior his recovery is
hopeful.
Suits for Divorce.
Divorce suits have been filed in the Superior
Coart as follows:
Wiiliam Wykes against Alice Wykes for de
sertion.
Catherine Gately against William Gatelv for
willful neglect.
Leopold Moller against Jane Moller for de
sertion.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MAY 21, 1897.
THE CITY
WILL BE
IMPROVED
Merchants Plan for Light
ing the Streets by
Electricity.
DAYS OF GASLAMPS ARE
NEARLY RUN.
Some of the Thoroughfares
That Will Be First At
tended To.
ASNTJAL MEETING OF THE
ASSOCIATION.
What Has Been Done in Three Years
Efforts to Create a College
of Commerce.
The third annual meeting of the Mer
chants' Association was held in Academy
of Sciences Hall last evening, and a new
board of directors was elecied. It was
larsrely attended, for an invitation bad
Deen extended to tne general public as
well as to the members. The work of the
association lor the past year was reviewed,
and plans of proposed improvements were
outlined.
F. W. Dohrmann, the president, opened
the meeting with a few remarks, which
Were followed by the reading of the an
nual report ol the director?, which was in
substance as follows:
To-night closes the third year in the exist
ence of the Merchants Association. In the
history of a' city three years are Dut a brief
span. *In the active life of this association,
however, many events have transpired. It is
only possible within the limited scope of this
report to recount briefly the most important
results accomplished during the past year and
allude to the work now progressing or pro
posed in the near luture.
Tnree years aeo '.he Merchants' Association
began its career with but iorty-seveu public
spirited rit.zeus. Two years ago the roll num
bered 40G hj.uics. To-day 867 business firms
are enrolled ns regular members of the asso
ciation. Kvery iudusiry in the City is repre
sented. 'Ihe outstanding dues on tne htof
this month amounted to $1340. The amount
of cash on band was $740 i*l, maKing a sur
plus to the credit of the association on May 1,
1897, of $2080 21.
The comparatively clenn streets and side
walk* ot toduy, as compared with their filthy
condition three years ago, fully confirms tne
pracical efficiency of the specifications pre
pared by this association and twice adopted
by tne municipality. With the introduction
of better pavements still more favorable re
su'ts will be attained.
We regret u> report that our earnest efforts
in favo. of street-spriukiing by the municipal
ity, as in other cities, have not yet met with
success. Partial sprinkling is, however, se
cured under the present street-cleaning speci
ficaiions. Your board will continue its efforts
in navine the City authorities perform the
just municipal duty of street-sprinkling.' As
a valuable fertilizer street-sweepings have
long beeu recognized In many cities. The re
cent experiment ol using the weepings of our.
streets for this . purpose proved so in
vigorating to the growing plants in
Golden Gate Park, that aminta-ments satisfac
tory to Ihe Park Commissioners and to the
Market-street Railway Company were under
way, whereby it was hoped this experiment
would become a permanent feature ot the City.
Unlortunavely the recent decision of the At
torney-General, declaring the hauling of street
sweepings us beyond the legal power of the
street, iainvay company, Has interrupted our
p;ans in this direction and will deiay their
iiiiineiit until otner arraugemonts may De
effected for the transportation of the street
sweepings to Goiden Gate Park. .
The cobbles that have so long disfigured
many of the principal streets in the neurt of
the iiy, are at lam disappearing. The effort
of this association in connection with the City
and property-owners have resulted iv final
arrangements ior the modern repavement of
several blocks on Stcc* ton and on Geary
streets. The repavement of a number of other
blocks wnl shortly begin.
Your board oi direerors consented to under
take tne experiment of showing the advan
tages of lighting the principal streets ot me
City with powerful electiic arc lights. Two
hundred and twenty-eight arc lights are now
suspended along seven y-two blocks through
out the City. The entire expense of this ex
periment in better street lighting has been
voluntarily borne by the merchmits and prop
erty-owners Along me streets illumiuateu. It
is now proposed o secure a readjustment of
the gas and electric lights, so tca>. the better
illumination of the streets may be aecom
plisned by the City at a very slight increase
over ttie present cost. A carefully prepared
piun for effecting this desirab.e result will be
submitted to-night.
Tne progress oi a city Is often judged by
things that appear trivial. The absence of
the little sign-guUies giving the >ames of
streeis is a frequent cause of annoyance, espe
cially to ylsitois to our (Jity. A detaued list
oi all missing signs has been furnist.ed to thu
Superintendent ot Streets, with a request that
the ordinance of the City requiring these sign*
at street corners be fully enforced.
The partial report made • by the official en
gineers in 1892 shows conclusively that the
pieseut defective drainage of >he City de
mands radical improvement. Many of the
sewers are in sucn a dilapidated condition
that more patchwork is really a waste of pub
lic lunds. Your board believes that a thor
ough and scientific construction of a perfected
sewer system is imperative. Your board,
therefore, has recommended the appointment
of a commission of reliable engineers to com
plete the work begun by the previous Sewer
age Commission. Based upon such a report
the City authorities couldsa:cly pioceed to de
vice \v»js and means for the early construc
tion of a correct sewer system, mat may also
contain conduits for all the wires thnt now
disfigure the streets. . The citizens of San
Francisco would then, no doubt, be willing to
vote for th« issuance of sufficient municipal
bonds for the consummation of this much
needed improvement. ■ ...
The experienc ■ 01 other cities as well as the
experiments upon our streets, clearly prove
that a more liberal policy should be adopted
by Sau Francisco Is street pavements. The
custom in vogue of excluding certain desira
ble paving materials should be changed. No
good reason appears to exist lor the absolute
exclusion of asplialt, wood and brick from
competition in ihe street pavemeuu of San
Francisco. Specifications lor tue use of the^e
matt-rials under maintenance guaranteed of
at leas: live years have been carefully pre
pared by ihe engineer of this association and
recommended o the Board of Supervisors for
incorporation in future contracts for street
pavements. The queßiion of ascertaining the
materials best suited for street pavements in
San Francisco js all the more urgent in view
of the contemplated repavetnent of Market
street at ai early date. The proper repave
ment of this main artery ol the City will
largely determine the character ol the pave
ments up<in the many streets tributary to it.
Witn a modern pavement there U nardiy an
other slice i in the world that would present
a more imposing Appearance than this mag
nificent thoroughfare.
A special committee of twenty-five promi
nent citizens was appointed by your board of
directors to secure a suitable situ for the Wi.
merding School of Industrial Aris. Confer
ences have been held witn a committee of the
board of regents of the university of Califor
nia and a number of available sites have bj'eu
offered. The regents of the University are
now deliberating upon the selection of one of
these sites, and it is hoped that the boys of
California will soon enjoy the beneficence of J.
Clute Wilmerding, one of the noble pioneer
merchants of San Francisco.
The continued depression In all lines of
business makes ihe strictest economy neces
sary in public as well as in private affairs.
Ihe ouerous burden of taxation must be les
sened as much as possible. An annual ex
penditure of from $5,000,000 to $6,000,000
for the .simple maintenance and operation of
tnis City government la altogether exorbitant.
In the report submitted last year to the Board
of Supervisors by me Merchants' Association
it was clearly shmvn that upon a total valua
tion of $350,000,000 the City government
could be properly mid efficiently operated
upon a levy of $1 upon the $100 assessed valu
ation. With this end In view another report
will be prepared and submitted to the Board
of Supervisors before the l*»vy for the next
fiscal year is made.. Renewed efforts will also
be made to prevent a repetition this year of
any unjust increase by the State Board of
Equalization in the assessed valuatiou or
property in San Francisco.
The absolute necessity of a new organic law
for San Francisco becomes more potent every
day. The utter lack of method and responsi
bility in the present consolidation act has
caused coniusion and uncertainty. Under
such unfavorable conditions it is well nigh
impossible for the City to go ahead. Not only
dots this defective municipal structure per
mit lavish expenditure of the public funds,
but it also stands as a bar to the construction
of nedessary public improvements. At trie
last meeting of the Citizans' Charter Associa
tion the president of that organization, Mayor
James D. Ptielan, was empowered by unani
mous resolution to appoint a committee of
100 citizens, representing all classes in the
community, to prepare a new charter for Snn
Francisco. We sincerely hope and believe
that the wise selection of this representative
committee will result in the early preparation
Of a model charter that will win the hearty
support of every citizen having at heart the
weliareofthe City. With a modern organic
law to direct her course aright, and under the
benificent influences of the new primary elec
tion law, Stin Francisco will at last be enabled
to take her just place among the most progres
sive cities 01 the world.
In concluding this annual address, your
board desires to congratulate tbe citizens of
San Francisco upon their recent awakening to
the vital importance 01 taking greater interest
iv municipal affairs. The commendable ef
forts of the present Mayor and Board of Super
visors to bring about measures of economy
and reform in ihe administration of the City
government deserve the encouragement of
the people ana the co-operation of every civic
organization. The only hope for the iuture 01
our community rests in the civic pride or our
people. Once let the spirit of civic patriotism
be thoroughly aroused and no barrier can
stay the irresistible power of relorm.
This was followed by a report of the
committee selected to nominate the board
of directors lor the ensuing year. The
fi'teen names presented were: A. 8.
Baldwin, Joseoh iJritton, Charles Bund
schti, James S."Conwell, F.W. Dohrmann,
A. Fusenot, Hugo D. Keil, Daniel V.
Kelly. Herbert E. Law, Alexander McCord,
Henry Michaels, John E. Quinn, Hugo
Kothscliild, W. li. fcherwood and Vander
lynn Mow. The gentlemen selected were
elected unanimously.
The retiring board presented an inter
esting plan for the lighting of the City by
electricity instead of by gas. President
Dohrmann explained that it was not the
idea to secure a perfect system at once,
but that the plan suggested would be a
great improvement on the one now in
I operation. In substance the improve
ments to be worked for were as follows:
In order to make a beginning in the im
provement of our system of lighting, the
board ol directors pr-sents the following plan
fur tne better lighting of our principal tnor
oughfares during the nextfiacai year, w'tli the
belief that a year's triui will lead to its exten
sion throughout the city. The leading prin
ciple of tnis system, with a few exceptions, is
that of suspending an arc light in the center.
of eRCh crossing of all the business streets of
the City and dispensing with adjacent pas
lamps which will thereby be rendered, unnec
essary.
In Hdditlon to'the regular business streets It
Is also proposed to place electric lights at each
crossing on Golden Gate avenU", from Market
street to Devisadero, and on Folsom as fur out
as Nineteenth street, from Nineteenth street
to Twenty-sixth being already lighted in this
manner. It seems very desirable that one
main thoroughfare to the pirk should h* well
lighted, anil in order that . qual facilities may
be afforded the Mission residents it is proposed
to include their boulevard in the same system.
Upon ihe main business streets south of
Market, such as Third, Fourtn. Fifth, Sixth
and Ninth, and Sixteenth street in the Mis
sion, where the block", are double the length
of those north of Market, it is proposed to
place a light in the middie of the bock in ad
dition to those on the crossings. It is pro
posed to suspend over the center or Market
street a uuiform line of lights reaching fioin
the ferries to Valencia Btreet These lights
are to be placed »s follows : From East to First
streets, the blocks being 275 i eet long on the
south side, a light will be suspended opposite
the intersection of each of the streets south of
Market.
On the succeeding blocks, which are 825
feet long, mere will be two additional lights
between intersections, and, 'on the 550-foot
blocks one additional light to each block.
This will require thirty-live lights, all about
300 feet apart. In order to do away with ttie
unsightly appearance of the usual lot of wires
I and ropes required to haul' the lumps to the
! eldu of the street to be trimmed it is proposed
to suspend these lights from small wire cables
stretched from the side of the streets, and the
wires conducting the electricity are to be io
closed in conduits and lastened close against
the cable. All ropes will be dispensed with
and the lamp trimmed irom (he center of the
street • 1 -;"
The districts to be lighted are as follows:
Market street, irom Kast to Valencia; the
business streets south ol Market, from Third
to Ninth; Valencia, from Fiiteenth to Twenty
third; Mission, from First to Ninth and from
Fifteenth to Twenty-filth; Folsom, lroru Third
to Nineteenth; .Sixteenth, from Guerrero to
Folsom ; Devisadero, from California to Oak;
more, from Geary to Wa-hiugtou; Ualon,
irom Octaria to Buchanan; Polls, from Suiter
to Vallejo; Larkln, Irom McAllister to Sutler;
Pacific, from Jones to Hyde; Goiden Gate
'avenue, from Market to Devisadero; Hayes,
from Market to Laguna; Lnguna. from Fell to
Golden Gate avenue; the retail district north
of Market and east of Taylor, including the
retail portions of 'Montgomery avenue, Stock
ton and Dupont streets, together witn several
other blocks in sundry localities.
The cost of this system of lighting will be ns
follows: On all the streets north of Market
and in the Western Addition, as well as on the
greater portion of the streets south of Market,
each electric light will displace four gas
lamps. Taking the figures of the present con
tract with the City, these four gas. lamps will
cost 43 cents per night and the electric light
55 cents pc- night, the difference in cost thus
being only 7 cents per nighi fjr saeh electric
light. Cost of 281 electric lients at 55 cents
per night, $154 55; increase in cost of electric
lights per night, $'.29 51; costof 1042 lamps
12 cents per night, $125 04: or $796 77 pir
month of twenty-seven days, or $9561 24 per
year.
We are sntisfled, however, that if the electric
lamps were lighted every night during the
year the r*te per lamp at present chiirged
could be sufficiently reducod so that tne total
cost of the proposed system would come within
the estimate above calculated upon the basis
of a moonlight schedule.
The president stated that the Supervis
ors will be asked to make provision in the
next tax levy to put into op -ration this
improved system of street lighting. A
resoiuiion to this effect was passed by the
meeting.
This finished the regular business of the
meeting and the remainder of the session
was devoted to addresses upon the pro
posed college of commerce.
Arthur Rodgers, regent of the Uni
versity of California, who introduced a
resolution before the Board of Regents to
add to • the university a college of com
merce, delivered an interesting address
upon his DBt theme. '
A. A. Watkins, president of the City
Board of Trade, also suoke upon the same
subject.
THE ELECTION ALL EIGHT.
Resolutions of J>enial PHsaed by the
■-.-, Women* Prpsa Association.
At a recent meeting of the Pacific Coast
Women's Press Association the following
resolutions were unanimously adopted:
Whereas, An article appeared in the Chron
icle ol May 15. setting fonh that discord ana
lnnarmonv were ruling in the I'nciiic Coast
womtn ■ Press Association, ant that its presi
aeir was not the choice of the club at the last
e.ection; and whereas, Mrs. Dickinson was '.he
only candidate presented by the nominating
committee for' the office, aud was the -.nly
candidate voted for by the club, her election
being unanimous, be it
Resohed, Tuat the article here referred to is
a lalhe statement throughout, made against
our worthy president and the action ot - the
Club in electing her to its highest office; that
the Instigation of such k report is working di
rectly against the best interests of the associa
tiin; that any Buch action, without the knowl
edge ot the members of tho association, is a
personal insult, calculated to foment and los
ut discord and lnharmouy, and < deiervea I the
severest condemnation. j ■-■■.' ■".-■
Resolved, That the president of this associa
tion; Mrs. Hester A. Dickinson, has done only
her duty and that, too, in manner and speech
always dignified and correct "
Resolved. That the president of this associa
tion has our unqualified approval and loyal
•uppori; lurther, be it •.■-•••«' . •-
Resolved, That Mrs. Dickinson, the president
of the P. C. W. P. A., be furnished with a copy
of these resolutions; that they : be. submitted
for publication in ihe San Francis 'O, Oakland
and Alaineda papers and also entered with the
records of thU meeting in' the books of this
association. ■:,.-,■■.. .....-■! .:-,..-■;-■. .;..,■, -
■ : ■". . Mrs. Nellie Blessing-Etsteb, '[. .
* Mrh. Emma Heckle-Marshall,
Mlta. M. OsMOKD-BainuEKiCK,
; Cuiuuiiteee.
KAHN WAS PAID
FOR LOBBYING
Tka University Regents
Allowed Him the Sum
of $1250
Treasurer Louis Sloss Paid the
Money and Took Julius
Kahn's Receipt.
Governor Bndd on May 14 Signed the
Check to Cover the Advance
AutLotiz d by the Regents.
It may be a long time before the Univer
sity Regents hear the last of the allowance
of $1250 to Julius Kahn for services ren
dered at Sacramento during the recent
session of the Legislature. No one who
was there can call to mind that Kahn per
formed any service for the regents.
Yesterday a reporter of The Call asked
Major Mhoon. attorney for tae regents, if
be knew what legal service Mr. Kabn had
performed for the board, and he replied
that he was not inioimed as to the service
Mr. Kahn rendered.
"Did he assist you in any cases for the
Board of Regents?" asked the reporter.
"No, he did not assist me," replied
Major Mhoon.
Inquiry has disclosed the fact that the
Kuhn allowance was paid from the current
expense fund of the university. The de
mand therefore was not presented to the
State Board of Examiners for approval.
Here is how the money was paid:
The finance committee of th c regents, of
wh eh A. S. HaLi lie is en airman, autuor
izi d Loi'is S-loss. the treasurer, to advance
the sum nam- dto Juaus Kaun. This ac
tion ol inn finance commiuee was :*ubse
quently approved by the regents in o en
ession, a maj rity of tie member* voting
on the appropriation. Governor Bud i was
n> t in the room « hen the roll was culled
j on the finance committee's report at the
j last meeting, but be'ore he left :he session
1 he said he was opt oied to the allowance of
; thai money .10 Mr. Kahn. Speaker Frank
i L. Coombs voted in the negative on tne
| call of the roll.
The fact is now established fian the
sum of $1250 was advanced to .luliu- Kami
by Louis ISloss, treasurer, on ihe order of
the finance committ?e. Mr. Slosa ex
plained yesterday that he hid no discre
tionary power in the premises. He was
ordered by the regents in accordance with
the prescribed methods of disbursing the
f unus of the unive-sity to pay tins amoilnt,
and he accordingly paid the money, tak
ing X inn's receipt therefor.
W ben the treasurer makes an advance
of this kind he receives a :ew days later a
check signed by the president and secre
tary of ihe Board of Regents, to cover the
amount advanced. This check is made pay
able to the treasurer.
Whatever Governor Budd's views may
have been on Tuesday, May 11, when the
regents held their last meeting, it is cer
tain that he aporoved, as president of the
b.jard, the advance to Kahn as early as
May 14. Louis Slos?, treasurer, holds a
check dated May 12, 1897, duly signed by
James H. Buad and me secretary of the
bo rd for the amount advanced to Kahn.
The Call requested mat one of its
aruais be permitted to make a tracing of
tnis check bearing the Governor's signa
ture, so that a fac-simiie could be pre
sented, but the treasurer held that the
paper was the property of the regents and
its reproduction could not oe allowed with
out the consent of the finanse com nn lee
of the Board of Regents.
Among the regents themselves there is
a disinclination to ta.k about the matter.
Several of them admit in private conver
sation that a mistake was made in
authorizing any outsider to lobby at Sac
ramento. When the Rev. Dr. Bonte was
secretary of the board, he went to Sacra
mento as occa>ion required and kept the
board informed regarding the various bills
introduced. Aft^r his death it was thought
advisable to have a man on the lookout,
and Regent K>-in stein's influence caused
the appointment of Julius Kahn.
Members of the Legislature assert that
Kahn did not do anything to promote the
passage of the bill allowing th • university
an additional tax levy 01 1 cent. There
were graduate* of the university in the
S.-nate and Assembly, and they were so
eager to obtain credit for serving the
college that quite a rivairy sprang up
among tt:eni. Assemb.ynian Wright o-f
Alameda guided the bill in the Assembly
and Senator Stratton of the same county
rushed it through the Senate.
The payment o! $1250 to Julius Kahn is
likely to cause an ugly scandal which may
be thoroughly investigated at the next
session of the Legislature.
Governor Budd said last night that he
was compelk-d to sien the check to cover
the amount paid to Kahn. As president
of the board hia function was only cleri
cal.
: kew to-dat. . :.'
It Saves
You Money,
As Well as Restoring Your Strength
and Giving You Health to Enjoy Life.
The regulator on ajJkS. -®' *" cnres—
Dr. Sandtn's Jileo- 'cy/JK' aDd so-called— none
ric Belt makes It •§ > Jte I AOL' s so certain In Its
th* most conve- "sfc SlsJ^ffects a» Dr. San-
nlent b^H in the "r\jjJj'-"S I den>B Electric Belt,
' world to use. ■
WHEN YOU HAVE SQUANDERED
your money feeding the quacks who
live upon such as you it is hard to make
you believe that an advertised remedy is
good. Some men have a prejudice against
anything advertised. But surely the
cures shown to have been performed by
. Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt must commend
it to every sufferer. They prove that it
cures after all else fails. It would be bet-
ter to try this very simple and highly
recommended remedy before spending time
and money with drugs, because a air trial
of it will make it unnecessary to use any
other remedy. Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt
costs no more than one month's doctor
bill, $5, $10 or $15, according to the power,
and hundreds in this city say is worth
ten times as much. Call and see it or
send for the book, "Three Classes of
Men," sealed, free. Call or address
SANDEN ELECTRIC , CO., ■
632 Market su, opp. Palace Hotr-i, San Francisco
Office hours— a. m. to 8:30 p. M. : Sundays, 10 to
1. Los Anpeles office. 204 South Broad : Port-
land Or., tb.i Washington at.; Denver, Cola
936 Sixteenth su • ■ ; - ..... ' ■■■■*■: ■■,■N-
OTE—M ake No Mistake In the Number, 633
Market Street. .
NEW TO-DAY.
AN OPEN LETTER^
To MOTHERS.
WE ARE ASSERTING IN THE COURTS OUR RIGHT TO THB
EXCLUSIVE USE OF ! THE WORD CASTORIA," AND
" PITCHER'S CASTORIA," AS OUR TRADE MARK.
/, DR. SAMUEL PITCHER, of Hyannis, Massachusetts}
was the originator of PITCHER'S CASTORIA," the sama
that has borne and does now —0 >^, . -on every
bear the facsimile signature of L*ut&Zs<eucJU<U wrapper.
This is the original " PITCHER'S CASTORIA " which has been
used in the homes of the mothers of America for over thirty
years. LOOK CAREFULLY at the wrapper and see that it is
the kind you have always bought,' y~j? on thd
and has the signature of feucJUAC wrap-
per,. No one has authority from me to use my name except
The Centaur Company of which Chas. H. Fletcher is
President. .
March 8 t 1897. Q&-^<4i&4*~^M
Do Not Be Deceived.
Do not endanger the life of your child by accepting
a cheap substitute which some druggist may offer you
(because he makes a few more pennies on it), the ia^ .
gredients of which even he does not know. \
"The Kind You Have Always Bought"
BEARS THE FAC-SIMILE SIGNATURE OF
Insist on Having
The Kind That Never Failed Yon,v
thb cintxui coimilt. tt MuaiukY IT«£T. MW tom OIT*. ■
y^RS fai l o Are You 111 ?
O*^gSg||fc °4, Would You Be Well ?
& tmf % Would You Keep Wei! ?
A, Svfii % "^ ——IF BO TJgg
Wi^fi $m DR. MARTIN'S 5
VsL 111 1 CURER
DOCTOR SWEANY, A CERTAIN CIRE FOR
Whose Keputatlnn Is Established »>r Rhenmatism, Nparalgia, Pains In Gea<
T^oT"s, r8 . of F npaPa L lele s uc , Ces " t>ral, I>7Bp«p«la, JDyaentery, Cholera
at 737 Ma-ket Stre«t, San Fra'ioisoo „ ' * *_, ..'_, * . „ - " _^ --7
The ablest and most roceessful : .peclallst of ! Morbns. Diphtheria. Sore Throat.
the age in the cure of all Chronic Nervous and i Pneumonia, Diabetes, SerToni Corn-
Private Diseases of men and women, includ- ! plalnta. Disease mt the Stomach and
k n i* : i* Ke^ VOU Xi De^ il i ty> Liver complaints. Bowels Generally, Liver and Kidne*
Bladder Trouble, Kidney Complaints. Heart _ ... D i». _. . „, . *
Troubles, Female Weakness, Lost Vitality, Complaints, Sciatica, Lumbago, Coldt.
Weakness of Men, Blood Disease, Rheumatism, Coughs, Local and General Debility,
Varicoc2le, Enlarged Glands, Cystitis. Gleet Headache, Karaohe, 'Tootbache. Sick-
and Stricture, Kupture, Piles and Ulcers, Fls- ~,~ „.- * .„,•.„ _
tula, Syr.hilis, Skin Diaeaßes, Eczema, Impo- new in Stomach. Backache, Barns, 8wel«
tency, Hvdrocele. lings, Bolls, . Sores, Ulcers,. ColJo,
VHli\(] II \ Jf yoa are troubled with pir- i Cramps, Sprains, Bruises, Scalds.
IVLHU JIIIJH, pies, bashfulness, aversion to txr^nAm Indlge.tlo., «n n Diseases.
society, stupidness, despondency, loss of en- Wound> » Indlgestioa, Skin Diseases.
ergy, ambition and self-confidence, which ab- i Excessive Itchings and many othe<
solutely unfits you for study or business, you : complaint! too numerous to name hart,
shonld take treatment Irom this . old-estab-
lished and well-known successful specialist - - % -. m - ■ „ l.'^'l •- '1 ij!
before it is too late. Price: 25c, SOc, $1.00 per Bottle,
niJ'lF|jri-Hirilf.4.l9MFii!MTiril. thousands • rATTIsrH Whoi«« R in ><r* n t mri nr *%d
of you troubled with weak, achimt bn-:ks and 8«aJo»e C»l g '
kidue>B and oilier unmistakau.o . igns of . Faolflc CoMt. San Jose^cai.
The most obstinate cases of this character i'^JS^* Sft-2lS2^* Co ' ad L * nglel
treated with unfailing success. * Mlo&aela, Ban yraw^oq. - -
R lIPTIIK I 1 ew metnod . sure cure, painless ~ ' '. ■
111 I HJHEj. treatment, n« knife, no deten- . _^b^^^» _ »{_ «* i« «_„ ««,„ _
tion from work, no experiment. A positive. «<£^V^S2f remedr tor Go^or?h<^«
certnin and permanent cure. His treatment jfiJtßrvCßEb^Rgi Gleet, Spermatorrhoea'
ot VarlCiCt-'lo has also provo'i a boon to sut- mSbWio lto s a»j«.^H Whites, unnatural dis-
ferers lrom this distressing affliction, as it at- JHV Ouanntacd charges, or any inflamma-
tacks the cause of the trouble and strengthens «•»■ not to itrieture. tion, irritation or ulcera-
and restores the parts to their natural condi- C 3 ntl e°»t»gion. tion of mucous mem-
tlon. KSltheEvahsCheiiicmJCo. Dra ne*- Non-astringent.
m^PIVCS AC WftMFY All of their many VflaV CINCiNNATI.O .BBaI Sold by DrntlfUta,
% ri.lisl!iis Ml IH/.111j.1. ailments success- XBJWk. U.S.I. JBI or sent in lain wrapper,
fully treated. '^ I BfffHfci^ ilfT^ n 7 !!! ci rcss i P r "P ai(l - fnl>
WR ITP if ■ wa y trom the city - BoOk " Gui(le ■ Circdlar sent oareanert.
Illlillij to Henlth," a treatise on ail organs ' " ■ ,
and their diseases, free on application. Cor-
respondence strictly confidential. V ficCO.^'^k
Hours: 9 a. m. to B p.m. r I OU/riUV UD aßmmmmmmmm^W? £ A^
Sundays 10 to 12 m. |\ L OWtAill , ffl. U. [£ "PATENTS 1
737 Market street, opposite "Examiner" office, %^Vi i i_ — nmtm i —i— ■ aatu, l . '. *LT
San Francisco, Cal. n MARKET ~~~ r +i*E*^
- ' ■ " ■ •.-.■■:•■ .
A lady from North Carolina says : "My
sister has used ;
RIPANS TABILES
and speaks in the highest terms of them, and
says they cannot be excelled in keeping the
system well regulated. She was a sufferer 0
from dyspepsia and indigestion for several
'■' ' years/ • ■ '* : *• -*-' '■■' ■"'!-»-!EPISCOPAL WOMEN
MAY STILL VOTE
The Convention Discusses
the Words "Male' :
and "Person."
Rev. Dr. Wakc-fbld Makes an
Earnest Plea ior Hs "Sis
ters in Christ."
It Is Decided That the Dio:ese Must
Have an Arcbdeacon— The
S?ssion ACjourns.
"Shall wp set our feet upon the necks of
our sisters? I am drawing near the other
•world, but the closer I come to its boun
daries the more strongly do I believe in
giving the most loyal, devout and ardent
members of our church their due share of
repre-entation."
It was at the Episcopal convention yes
terday morning that the venerable Dr. J.
}). Wakerield, D.D. ?of San Jose made this
, p!ea for his "sisters in Chriat." Rev. R.
_\ Foute, reporting for the committee on
.:auons, had }ust proposed that in the
amendments to canons the word "male"
should be substituted for the word, ''per
son" in describing those entitled to vote
for vestrymen.
No sooner was the question before ihe
house for discussion than Dr. Wakerield
took the platform and registered an em
phatic protest against it. He spoke in
earnest language of women as the
church's most laithful adherents, and
said he wished the day wou'd come when
the Episcopal diocese of California could
see the way clear to eive them a wider
voice in church matters.
The feeling of the convention on the
question was quickly shown by the ap
plause with which Rev. Dr. Wakefield'e
remarks were greeted.
Vincent Neale of San Rafael, who foi
-1 owed the venerable clergyman, charac
terized as das'ardly any serious attempt
to rob the women of their vote. Continu
ing he said:
"It was the overwhelming vote of the
liquor dealers that killed the suffrage
amendment in this State at the last elec
tion. Shall the Episcopal Conference put
itself on record as following in the foot
steps of the liquor-dealers? For $,vo years
women bave uad the right of voting for
vestrymen; they have exercised their
privilege judiciously and well. It would
be llloeical and dastardly to rob them of
the right of votine, and I, for one, protest
vigorously against any such motion."
Rev. Dr. Spalding spoke in warm praise
of the woik women had done in his own
vestry elections.
'Women raise most of the funds of the
church," he said, "and I believe that those
■who raise money should have a voice in
the spending of it."
No one spoke in favor of substituting
the word "male" in the proposed amend
ment of section 140 of the canons. Rev.
John A. Emery proposed an amendment
leavinc intact the word "person" but
n<akinsj some slight modifications with re
e^ra to t.ne qualifications of would-be
voters, as communicants and contributing
members. Mr. Emery's amendment was
adopted.
In this connection it may be stated that
among the lay delegates to the conven
tion, which adjourned yesterday, were ten
women, :ianiely: Mrs. A. C. Maude o.'
Baker?ne:d, Mrs. S. M. Willis and Mrs. N.
D. Bleeker of SeJma, Mrs. Helen M.
ol Tulare. Mrs. J. G. Knoi, Mrs.
W. W. Cross and M;s. W. P. Tnonifis of
Visa:ia; Mrs. J. E. Hutcbinson, Mrs.
Henry O'Neil and Miss Alice Caldwell of
■\Yamut Creek. The=e ladies, however,
' did not answer to the rollcall or attempt
to vote. In consequence the right of
women to sit in the convention nad no
chance of being discussed this year.
The chief work of yesterday morning's
session was the dis-cussion of proposed
amendments to the canons. The most im
portant amendment adopted was one
which decrees that elections for vestry
men shall take place at Advent instead of
Easter, commencing with Advent, 1898.
This change will necessitate changing the
time or year of the annual election, but
ye H. Hcok, assistant secretary,
fiated that lay members from the couatry
could ieave their business with more fa
c lay- in winter than in early summer,
when crops are just beginning to lipen.
Considerable imcussion was held over
an amendment offered by the committee
on legislation to conform tne canons to
the new law. The debate was whether
the rector should beex-otticio a member of
the board or trustees, directors and ves
tries. The canon -was finally allowed to
stand, permitting rectors to be members
of the different vestries.
The afternoon session began with the
discuss:on and adoption ol resolutions
v.ith regard to an archdeacon for the dio
cese. Hitherto the dioce«e has had no
archdeacon and iateiy the Bishop has had
more worK than he could perform. The
arcbdeacon will be appointed by the
jjishop, but the appointment will not be
made immediately. It was resolved that
alter January 1, lS&s, the archdeacon shall
not be rector ot a parish while in office.
On the recommendation of the finance
comruiuee the archdeacon's salary was
rixed at fISOO per annum.
Rev. Dr. Spalding, reporting for the
■ 'inmittee on special collections, advised
■ ths following:
"This diocese cannot recognize any
charities not recognized by the conven
tion."
After it had been explained that this did
not debar individual churches from re
cognizing any charities they etiose, the
motion was carried. The following chari
ties' were recognized as diocesan: The
Episcopal Old Ladies' Home, the Maria
Kip Orphanage, the Arnntage Home,
fund for the care of the widows and or
phans of the clergy, general fund for dis
abled clergy, church building fund and
domestic and foreign missions.
There was considerable discussion as to
whether St. Luke's Hospital could be in
cluded in the li3t. The Bishop pointed
out that St. Luke's is struggling to main
uin free beds, but the general impression j
eemed to be that the hospital has tool
much the aspect of a money-making insti- I
: u:ion to Le regarded as a diocesan
rnanty and it was accordingly omitted
irora the list.
The following board of missions was
elected: Rev. John A. Emery, Rev. F. J.
Maynard, Dean W. H. Moreland, Dean C.
0. TiHotson, Dean William Lucas, Rev.
Robert Ritchie, G. H. Kellogg, Coionei i.
J>. V. MidiJleton, M.D., William A. M.
Van Bcltkelen, Dr. H. C. Davis and C. D.
Haven.
It was resolved that the delegates to ihe
Missionary Council be a .committee to
co-operate with the Bishop in regard to
the gener.il mi»sionary fund.
A collection was taken up to pay off the
indebtedness of the new church at Rands
burg, and Theodore Pinther, representing
the Hellenic Christian Society, was given
tne privilege of the floor, and made an
appeal "'For those suffering for the cause
of Christianity in Greece."
Bishop Nichi.ls* intention of visiting the
coming Lambeth Conference was an
nounced, and, after passine a number of
votes of thanks the convention adjourned
sine die. In a few closing remarks Bishop
Nichols said:
"J believe w* have touched a high-tide
mark. For many a year the work of this
convention will live in the progress of the
church of Christ."
DANGEROUS MILLS.
Fire Marshal Towe Wants Them 'Re
moved, With Carpet-Beaters, to
More Isolated Districts.
Fire Marshal Towe is opposed to shoddy
mills as well as carpet-beating establish
ments being allowed lo remain in the
thickly populated districts of the City,
and hearing of the proposed action of the
Health Department to remove the latter
has addressed the following letter to the
board:
By the daily press of this City I find you are
ab><ut to sci apart by ordinance a ceriain dis
trict in which carpet-beatiug establishments
may conduct bnsi e*s, and in no other.
It is a good move from a sanitary as well as
a fire standpoint, but 1 desire tocallyourat
tention at this time, so that they may be in
cluded, to shoddy mills and pickers. All such
places should be constructed of bricit even in
the proposed district, as they are dangerous
on account of tire as well as a menace to
health.
Snoddy mills are extremely dangerous to
health— and I am sure you will bear me out if
you will cause their methods to be investi
gated— on account of the filthy rags tbat go to
the mills to be picked and afterward made
into cheap furniture. Besides, the pickers are
constantly striking buttons on siones, causing
sparks which frequently start a conflagration.
The filthy dust wnich is constantly arising is
blown into neighboring residences and scat
ters the terms pi disease contained in the rags.
I trust you will give these places your atten
tion at t n is time, and hope you will include
them in your proposed order for the safety of
the City.
STOPPED ON THE PLY.
Why a SSOOO Taynient Did Not Go to
Puget bound.
The case of Samuel Montagu Com
pany of London, England, against the
Pacific Bank and its directors was argued
and submitted to United States District
Judge Morrow. The plaintiff cabled the
bank in June, 1893, to telegraph $5000 to
the Puget Sound National Bank, that sum
having been deposited by the plaintiff
with the National Bank of Commerce in
New York City to the credit of the Pacific
Bank. The Pacific Bank did not comply
with the request, and failed a day or two
after it received the money.
The defense was that the $5000 was an
ordinary deposit, just as was $3902, the
open account of tne Montagu Company,
and that the plaintiff was entitled to only
a proportion according to the ratio al
lowed the remainder of the depositors. It
was set up also that the Pacific Bank did
not receive a confirmation of the authen
ticity of the telegram until after the
failure.
The company's attorneys contended
that the $5000 was not tendered the bank
as a deposit, but that it was sent to be for
warded to Puget Sound, and that the Fa
citic Bank was employed merely as an
agent in the matter; also, that it had
been the custom of the defendant not to
wait for confirmation ol such telegraphic
advices.
THE JOKE ON THE JOKER.
How W. H Ttbin Escaped the
Canine Results of an
Advertisement.
Do:rs Were Brought b7 the Score, but
F. rtunately for Kirn He
Had Mov d.
W. H. Tobin of 43 Belvidere street is
thanking his lucky stars that be moved
wnen he did, and is enjoying a good laugh
at the expense of some friend who L&s a
penchant for practical jokes and who
tried to have some fun with him.
Up to a few days ago Tobin lived at 36
Bsividere street, almost directly opposite
to his present place of residence, but find
ing a more suitable house in No. 43 shifted
his household belongings to that location.
The practical joker, not knowing of the
change of residence, inserted an adver
tisement in a morning paper requesting
that those who had small nouse-broken
pet dogs for tale call at 3H Belvidere
street and secure a profitable bargain.
The next morning when Mrs. Tobin
looked out of the window to catch a
glimpse of the morning sun she found the
street full of men with dogs and more ar
riving with assorted canint s every mo
ment. Tnere were long men leading
dachhunds, men with greyhounds,
men with big dogs and others with small
ones, and all heading for No. 36.
The front steps of the bouse were
crowded with men with their yelping
wares, and ihe bell was in a state of col
lapse. Mrs. Tobin called her husoand
and both watched the growing mob of
dog venders as it arrived hopefully, grew
impatient, then wrathful, finally despond
ent and then melted away. Of course
there was no response to the ringing of
tbe beil because the bouse was tenantless,
and though it took some time for the dis
appointed respondents to the advertise
ment to become convinced of this face,
they eventually did, and after talking in
terms too strong for publication o; the
character of a person who would delude
poor people in that wav, left in distrust.
One angry man, who carried a mangy
nondescript under his arm, threw a stone
through a window as lie went down the
street, remarking that he had got some
satisfaction after all.
The Tobins did not know until some
one showed them the advertisement that
the crowd of men and dogs was the result
of an attempt to play a practical joke on
them. Mr. Tobin is the bath and iaundry
inspector of tbe Health Department.
SAN LUIS OBISPO BONDS.
An Interesting Decision Rendered by
the State Supreme Court.
An interesting opinion was rendered
yesterday in the case of P. W. Murphy
against toe city of San Luis Obispo and
officers thereof. It was an action brought
to injoin the defendants from selling or
disposing of certain bonds issued but
not sold by the city and to res. rain tbe
defendants from levying the taxes men
tioned in the complaint and trorn en
forcing a certain ordinance. The case
was tried by the lower court and judg
ment given for tbe defendants. Murphy
presented three grounds of attack upon
the bonds in question.
First, that the bonds were male payable
in "goid coin of the United States," in-
I stead of 'gold coin or lawful money of
the United States." Second, that the
question whether the interest on the
bonds would be paid annually or «emi
annuaily was not submitted to the voiers
and, third, that the method of voting was
irregular. As to tne first point the
Supreme Court holds that the bonds are
in conformity with tbe ordinance and
the notice of election. The same tribunal
holds that tbe second point has no
merit. They decide that the form of
voting— tne third point— was a little ir
regular, but that a new trial could avail
nothing. Upon the whole the Supreme
Coun ordered that the judgment of the
lower court be reversed, and that judg
ment be entered for the plaintiff as
prayed for in tbe complaint.
W. H. BLUETT, M.D.
Specialist in the treatnent and cure ol indi
gestion or dyspepsia, gastric acidity, rheuma
tism, gout, headache, constipation, heart
disease and ail diseases acting in sympathy
with derangement ol the gastric juices. S. F.
office 6 O'Farrell St., hour* 2 to 4P. m., and
1069 Broadway, Oakland, 9 to 10 a. m. and 7
to 8 P. v. *
In three years the progeny of a pair of
rate, under favorable conditions, will num
ber 1000.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MAY 31, 1897.
THE WINNERS OF
BLUE RIBBONS
Second Day of the Big Dog
Show in Mechanics'
Pavilion.
A Very Large and Select Crowd
Witnessed tbe Judging
Yesterday.
A Grand Parade of the Winners Will
Be Held This Afternoon
and Evening.
Notwithstanding the fact that a de
cidedly large and enthusiastic gathering
of ladies and gentlemen, was present at
Mechanics' Pavilion on tne inaugural day
of the dog show, the attendance last even
ing far exceeded that of Wednesday even
ing.
Everybody seemed to enjoy the exhi-
SOME IMPRESSIONS GLEANED AT THE DOG SHOW.
bition, and with few exceptions the own- I
ers of the dogs benched in the Pavilion
admitted tnat they were peilectly satisfied
with the awards.
Judges Of dog shOW 3 have Standards of <
their own to go by, and the dog that may j
be classed as perfect by one of the experts !
would, in the eye* of another supreme
ruler, be considered only a very ordinary
<;nprim«>n nf th<» hrppri it ronrpopnti
specimen ot me Dreea it represents. •
Therefore it Stands to reason that dog
shows will never give general satisfaction i
to the breeders, the majority of whom
to tne oreeaers, me majority 01 wnom
raise dogs Jor marketable purposes only.
Another peculiar feature of dot; shows
is that pointers, setters and greyhounds
that have won winning colors at bench
shows have seldom achieved any distinc-
tion in the field. Of course there have
been seme exceptions, but generally
speaking field-trial winners have been
beaten on the bench by dogs that would
not be owned by sportsmen.
The bench shows are good, however, for
The purpose of educating people to love j
and prize high-ciass dogs which carry ■
pedigrees that will extend as far as some
nf thp Ciiv (trpptpir Mnoa A Hncr trith •■
ot tne cuy streetcar lines. A dog witn a
long record OI Wins on the bench, although
be may be as liomeiy as a jackal, is
nevertneless a very valuable animal and
generally commands a high price.
Among the bulldogs, Great Danes, grif- |
ions and other breeds on exhibition there !
are some of the most ugly arjpearing i
|i, one Ti-niil.-i possibly wish' in see. ,
let those are prize-winners and are fon- <
died like pet lambs by their owners.
But then a dog show is fashionable and j
the most fashionable of the kind ever held I
tnissideot tno Die mountains is now in J
full swing in Mechanics' Pavilion. j
It is amusing to watch the d umbers of i
alleged experts on dogfle.b at tte.show \
handling dogs in the benches that will, of |
course, permit, of being handled, and then j
hear the opinions exchanged, to wit:
"Look at that head! It has the intelli-
L.ook at tnat nead 1 It Has the mtelli-
gence of an Ed hem Pasha. And then those
charming chops; don't they hang beauti-
fully? And those feet; ain't they as
, -. ht?.!.™,? vUI k
straight as an arrow I No wonder he got
the blue ribbon —those judges know their |
business," etc.
And thus it goes right alone. Every
person who attends a" dog .how &\<
know eomettunf*: about the construction |
of a dog, and talk dog lore, too, or eJse
he or Bhe will not be considered in tue :
„_;_ I
sw l!.? 1 * ,,.. -ii I
rinancially the show will prove a grand
succes?, as it is supported by all classes of !
people, the aristocrat and the plebeian j
alike. ;
Tne awards yesterday were:
English s»tters-Dog. puppies-First. F. W. Per- !
mler-s Hustler: second. D. H. Walton's Shot.
English setteri-Puppy. bltches-Flrst. Charles i
Fisher's Queenle: second, P. D. L-invillc's Red
Gown: third, VV. O. Brown's Rita V; -rvn, Fred :
Codlngton's Topsy C; V. H. 0., F. p. Uutltr's
Delia. . ■ " ■ \
Cocker fpanie:s— Black, puppydogs— First. S\vls3 j
Mountaiu kennels' Pacifij; second. F. K. Millers 1
Duff.-rin I'as.ime; third, A. L. Byler's Oakland '
Kuight: reserve, William L. Gerstle's Wato: V. '
H. *.. Hickey <fc Rohn's Jlmmie C; H. G. Hlckey
A roiir.'i Dick D. rSBagKHBBSBmS9^'" ■-■ ■■
Cocker spaniels-Black, pnppy, bitches-First,
F. K. Miller's Portia Pastime: Miss A. \.
Head's Bessie B: third. W. S.* Kittles Baby Mine
II: V H C J E. cosgrove's Cora D. I
CocKer spaniels-Black, open. dogs-First, Swiss j
Mountain kennels' Pacific: second. Mis. H H |
Carlion's Rajah of ('uitside; third, D. Winders' !
I'ittsburg Tommy; V. H. C, Rudolph Spreckels' i
Blacit Hazard; V. H. C. \V. J. Garrick's uakland |
P.obbfe: reserTC, Oakland Cocker kennels' Black
Tigi»: H.C.. a. L. Byler's Woodlund Jersey; H.C.,
F. W. HenshaW's Sl'ng Sing; C, Hicky «fc Rohn's
ilack A. ■
Cocker spaniels—Black, open, bltches-Flrst, F.
E. Miller's i'olly Pastime; secjnd, F. A. Webster's
Bessie; third, a. i.. Byler's Oakland Jet; reserve
C. a. Kice's Chlspa; V. H. C, Hick/ & Rohn's
Sweet Marie: V. HC C. M. Seifrldce's Miss Gin-
gerpop: H. C, Hlcky & Kohn'ii Pr ncess Sally.
Cocker spaniels—Black, challenge, dogs—First, <
F. E. Mllle.'k Viscount; first, bwlss Mountain
kennels' Uabrielle
Cocker spaniels—Other than "black,' puppy,
bltcnes—First. C. Leonard's Meggies " .
Cocker spaniels—Other than black, open, dogs— \
First, I. D. HolJen's Knight of i,on Angeles: sec- I
ond, Mrs. A. H. Merritt's Woodland Patchie. i
Engli-ib setters—Open, do^s— FirsvC .N. Post's
Merry Monarch; second, J. \V. Keen's San Carlos; '
third, Irwin v. Rodolph's Dick R; ■reserve," n. 1
Christenson's Frisco Da h: V. H. C, Verona Ken- .
nels' lroquois Chief. Lewis Welnmacn's Monk of
Frisco, George W. Tlbbett's Charm. Herbert O. I
Kdward's Nimrod E and a. H. Klshbeck's Roy F; I
H O, L. Parlsot's Spon Jr., J. M. Vandal's Stone ' ■
Chaff andMr«.'iheo J Fisa's Bird: Cam her: C, I
Toa -loane's Binlie B, Wil:iara Ijaisen's Monte- '
rey, G. Mailer *- Don, JU Schneider's Jacob and i
Fred B*ilt«r'a Duke. • j,
Fled spaniels— Open, rogs and bitches— First, C.
Ltoaan's Tom Sawyer: second, C. w. Codle's
Kowdy; thirl. VL J. Church's Fowler.
Fie.d spaiiio's— CnalU'iige, dogs and bitches—
First. F. C. Gifforrl's Hex G.
Field spaniels— Puppies, dogs and bitches— All
prizes wiihhelu.
i i»ld spaniels— Oher than b'acfe, dogs and
bitchPs-Kirst. Ralph P. Lane's Jack L.
Cocker spaniels— ether man black, open, bitches
— First. 11. A. Wtgener'a '1 ootsie \V; seco id, C.
Leonard's Meggies: third. It. S. Scnmledelt's Sim
S; reserve, R. Hunt's Virgy: V. H., C. C. M.
Pelfrldge'a Kuby Trii'P' H. C , C. M. Selfridge's
Ke.h S.
CQcker spanirls— Challenge, dogi, other than
blacic— First., John E. I'oak's Ch. Royal L>andy.
Cocker spaniels— Other than black, challenge,
bitches- First, F. E Mil-cr's Kallette.
Bu.idogs— ''pen, dogs and bliches— First, H. J.
Know.es' Commissioner; s?<ond, L. S. Green.
baum's Tad G; third. Miss Lav.a Hart's El Capi
tan
Bulldogs— Challenge, do«s snd bitches— First,
Thorns Knowlfs' i onqueror.
Knillsh setiers-Open, bitches-First, H. T.
Payne's Qut-en of Counts: second, Verona ken
nels' Daisy Craft; third, A. J. Cartwright'B Aiiss
Ruth- r>-s'erve, K. K. (Jardiner's Suver (J; V. li.
C, F W Van Hc^len's Van's Belle: H. C, W. M.
Fttzrnaui Ice's Queen Bess, and W. W. Keys'
Queen Bess; C S.. Christeusou's Speckled
hfngfi'sh setters-Challenge, dogs-First, H. T.
Payne's Count Harold. ... _
English setters— Challenge, bitches— First, H. T
Payne's • hampion countess Noole.
russ— Puopv, dogs, bitches— Second, Mrs. A. F.
Nolan's -Miss Shorty.
Pugs— open, iiogs and bitches— First, Mm. Mar
garet WiiiUrm' Pepo; second, Miss Ethel Me-
Kenna's Dolly.
Pugj-Challenge, doga-First, Mn. \V. O. Bnt
tan's Royal Dus^y.
Pugs— chailense, bitches— First, S. B. HusiJins'
Juay 11.
Gordon setters-Challenge, dogs— First, J. W.
and H. W. Orear's Dick 11.
Gordon setters — Open, dogs— First, Fred A.
Elliott's Dick III: second, Henry Lunger's
Sport 11.
Gordon setters— Open, bitches— First, Charles K.
Dunlevy's Quren Kess.
Jrsh setters— luppy. dog3— First, Stewart &
Sons' Rex: second, Fred W. i^ees' Laptain L.
Irish setters— Puppy, bitches— First, Miss Birdie
de Vauli's Sappho; second, Gus Lane's Queen L:
third. >tewurt & sons' Kelt
Irish setters— Open, dogs— First, M. D. Garrett's
Glenuiore Sultan; second, George B. M. Gray's Lad
ot nienbelgh: tbird, C. M. Banter's < hief Jr.:
s°T'v^XVl^L? 1 '?.
Kudoiph Spreckeis' Shamrock and a. b. Truman's
Yorkshire terriers— dogs, bltches-Flrst.
Kn. E. B. Grace's Francis: second, Charles Ash
alarette^ th'rd> MS B MadellDe Powers>
Yor-cshira terriers— Open, dogs— First, E. At-
Joker II; second, MU S Jennie M. Blair's
YorKshire terriers— Open, bitches—First, E.
Attrldse's Bradford Dot; second, Mrs. h. B.Grace's
Sai!j(. VJII. third. Mrg E.B. urace-s - bie
Yorkshire urriers-Challenge, dogs—First, Mrs.
E.B. Grace's JTiMdc
Irlsa setters—(-pen, bitches—First, A. B. Tru
man, d Lady BwSveller: Btcond. t: r. Keene's
Lightning c; ieserve. W. B. Clouits' Cocoa; third,
a. >s. Truman's LiKbtniug Maid,
Irish set. ers-chail-nge. dons-First, a. B. Tru-
SSSSSSJEBWitSr^ * & Tru"
Irish sptter—Cbail.-nge, bitches— First, a. b.
Truman's Champion Lightning,
LoV^uunnrn^nlin^jlfan'ita. bUcnes- Flr9t ' John
naimatians-open, doga and bitches-First, Dr.
w. f. \;c.\uti's Aja<: second, Dr. w. j-\ mc.nui's
Hector; third, William Sellers' Hero L; reserve,
£nJ*™}TcTo*LJTr™' V ' * U Uaude &
noodles—Puppy, dogs—First, Georrs Aimer's
Bizetie-. second, Jules c. Gamage »ni Mrs. a. J.
fennel's Kome-j; third. Jules o. Gamaie and Kn
A. J. Fennel's liaron: reserve, JulesO. Ganiageaud
Mm _ A j Fennel's Msrceau: V. v. c, Jules c.
Gamage and Mrs. a. J. Fennel's Ju c; H. C,
Jules v. Gamage and a. J.* Fennel's Carnoi; v. h.
c Jules c. bmnage and Mrs. a. j. Fennel's Duke,
Poodles—Puppy, bitches—Miss A. a. Head's
Jueue^t'hfrt.^orsrifmefx^whaiiV Ba"rbet«£
reserve, Marquis I'oodle kennel* Baroness: V.
H. c Jules C. Gan-age and Mrs. a. j. i-enners
Juliette: V. U. C Marquis Poodle kennel's v-ai-
S£^^ I>o°dl6 kennel> * »"ch-
Poodt«s-Open, dogs—First, Henry J. Crocker's
Pierrot: secocd, Marquis l'oodla kennel's Mar-
Noodles-Open, biicUes-Flrst, Marqui, Poodle
Ken net's Jeanne; second, Marquis roodle ken
nei's Paris.
Poodles - Challenge, dogs and b.tches- First,
9tt£^*rsg&Si.'kSSSS^U
Mrs. Charles K. ilutchinhon's snowball,
Pomeranians— Challenge, dogs aud bitcne> —
Flral- Charie* a. Kins's uude.
Black and tan terriers—Open, dogs-Hrst, Mm.
j. Rosenberg'* Baby B.
Skye terriers—Opea. dogs and bitches— First,
Dr. •'• B. Tenneu's Topsy.
t, J-, trial . class — Setters, dogs — irßt> C. N.
Post's Merry Monarch: second..!. \V. Keene San
r os-, third, Verona kennel's Iroquois chief; re
serve. John Bergez's Smoky,
Held-trial class— Setters, bitches— First, H. T.
i'ayne'a couniess .Noble: second, Verona kenuei's
?g^22ZJSXZtt^££&
ca«' wicklow; second, J. Downey Harvey's
George p. ,
Chesapeake Bay-Dogs. open-First, George Ei
lIS OUllty.
* Chesapeake Bay—Open, bitcnes—First, Herman
H. Land's Bessie.
T °.v terrinre— Puppy, bitches— First, Livingstone
Jli^' t 1 rr>er.-o^. Dos and bitches-First, m.
Raphael's *"atti: second, John Ray's Minnie;
third, Livingstone Jinks' Miss crictcet.
Japanese sp«nip!s-i'p -r, do«s and bitches—
First, Miss Wav^Hunce's Wang: second Mrs. G.
M-, ook s Mlka: thml Mr*, tre.l VV. Lees'
Tokio; reserve. Miss B. Hall Uabeua. V H. C.
Mlss Louise Ostner's Jap O and Mrs. A. A. V\ ege
ners Yum Yum. ■ ■ . u'liiL*.
Japant-se spaniels—Ch. aoss—iirst, E. Hellers
Challenge >'ellis. ■.*. _ _. * .
Italian * greyhounds-open, do.,s and bitches-
Mrs. H. I. Payne's Leto.
Challenge-JieaUes. dogs^and bitches-First,-
Jcnn K < Dosk's Koy F; reserve. John E. Doak's
Lenaß.
Bull terriers-Pappy, doss and bitches-First.
Phil Wand'i Hornet; second, W. Mikel'a-.Crooks;
thlrd- w- D- Mlttei's .settle. __ _ • .
Bull terriers-Open, dcgi-Flrst, 8. Christenson's
imp. Woodcote Venom: secon6,_ John King'rf
Uncle Sam: third. Airs. H. f. Scott s Jock; H. C.
E- S. Heller'^ Cruiser. • —.•.„.,/ T. _
Jri 9h terrleM-Cuailenge, dogs-First, John E.
Douk's Doctor K. ,-.*..
Griffons-Open, dogs—First, W. 8. Kif.les But
fa!o ll.' , ■■■.-"■, ■
:■ Griffons-Open, *.W^es- First,-vV^ Kittles
Rata II; second, W. a. Kittles Diana II; third,
w ii Kitile's Myra.•-.:•.' ..;..'.
Mlsce!laueous-DogS f and Ditches, 25 pounds and
over-First, Cnarles J. phlandtr s 'Colnmbus:
s-cond. Rudolph spreckels Chow; third, k. Me-
Pni I pi' Brownie. ■■ -  y"« ;
; Miscellaneous— and biiches, under 25
pounds-First, LKaulmann s cniuuua.
Fox terriers—Smooth, puppy, dogs— First, VVil
liam B Oodrey's tiolden Dlr^; second Mrs. .-amuel
Knig it's Kapi«r; third. J. A. Sargent's Koko. --■.; ._.
Fox terri — Smoo.h, puppy, bitches — First.
Mrs. Kdward Slrupion's Golden Kestless; second.
J. A. Sargent's Coauelte; third, Josepii McLatch
le's Mission lv»ii. ■ • .
■ Fox temers—smooth, open, dogs—Fir jt. John
Hrffer.ian's Mldlight: second. Thomas J. Casey's
Bevneyclc Cavalier: third, (icorge Beil'a Eclipse
Tartar;-, rrservt. Normau d'Evelyn's 1 Defender;;
V. H. C.J. H.'Dibbern's Robert C. Diablo: 11. C
Mrs. Samuel Knight's: Rapier. John l.adds La
throp Kich,-Alex Myers' Johnny Snow, VV. W.
Moore's Blempton Rreier.. : "• •■ , v • '■ '>'• -.;'■ "> :;
Fox. terriers— npen. bitches-First, Mrs.
Kdward -bimpion's Golden. Restless; second,
Joseph'■■'«cLaichle's Mission Clairette; ■ third,
Joseph McLatctik's Mlsaiou Idol; reserve, W.W
Moore's Dauntless White VtO'M) V. H. C, Georee
W. Debbenham's ">ris<o Do:ores: H. C, Joseph
McLatchie's Mission Pearl; C, C. 0. Taylor's
Irene.
Fox terriers— Smooth, challenge, dogs— First, C.
A. sumner's (h Raby Rasper.
Dacbshunde— Puppy, dogs and bitches— First, W.
H. McKittrick's Mary; second, W. H. McKit
trick's Weksei; third, (.-forge H. Raubinger's
scotty: reserve. W. H McKittrick's Harriett; C,
W. H. McKit.rfcK's Vaidamar
Dachshunde— Open, doss — Firs'. J. B. Kein
harJt's Fritz; second, \V. H McKittrick's Karl :
th.nl. tt.H McKUtrick's Myrick; H. C, W. H.
McKittrick's Haa».
iJHChshunde— Open, bitches— First, Mrs. w. H.
McKittricn's Greichen; second. Mrs. W. H Mr-
Kiurlck's Eisa; third, Mrs. \V. H. McKitirick's
Hilda.
Dacnshunde-Cb. do?s and bitches— First, Mrs.
W. H. McKittrick's Jessie Victoria.
Specials-"The President's Silver Cup," for the
best California-bri-d su Bernard, woa by T. U
Grout's Don Bernardo.
Hermann Oelrkbs' gold medal, value *30, for
the best mastiff, won by Mi 33 Mina d'Evelyn's
Marquis.
Go d medal, offered by the San Francisco Kennel
Ciub for the bt-st mastiff exhibited the opposite
sex to the winner of the Ofh'ichs medal, owned by
.Ernest Doeliers, Trocadero Be.le.
Silver medal, offered by the ?an Frauctico K«n
nel Ciud for the best mastiff puppy, won by Alnert
Suttou's Tim.
The i- Mm \ri-.- gold medal, value f 60, for the
best St. Bernard dog exhibited, won by Charles K. |
Marker's Cham Dion Melro.se,
Goid medal, offered by iheSan Francisco Kennel
Club for the bf st Bt, BernaM ditch, was won by
Rose Lodge Kennel's Alta Kerna.
| JSilver cup. value $50, offered by the Verona
Kcuiii-iS lor ihe best colic exhibited, bred iv Cal
ifornia, w. ii by rt-iicii i J iU keuneK' Juanit».
Gold ruedal. offered by Herman Celricbs, value
$30, for the best, collie exhiLited, wou by Henry
Jarrett's We:lesborne VVouder.
Clnb medal, offered by the Collie Club of Amer
ica for the bjst collie exhibited by a member,
won by Henry Jarrett's Wellesborne Wonder.
Gold" medal, offered by ihe Collie C ub of Cali
fornia ior the best c«lifornla-bred collie, dog, won
by Beach Hill kennels' bpanan.
Gold medal. oft Vied by the Collie Club of Cali
fornia for the b si California-bred collie, bitch,
non by Beach Hill kennels' Juanlta.
Twenty- five pounds of *pratt's dog cakes, for the
best C'aiifornla-brei collie, dog puppy, won by
Boach Hill kennels' spartan.
Half-dozen Spratt's dog soap for the best Ca i
fornia-bred bitch puppy, won by J. B. Elliott's
I Delia Fox.
I une year's subscription to Field Sports for the
i best collie and puppy class, won by Beacti Hill
I kennels' Spar.au.
Miver medal, offer >d by the San Francisco KeD
nel Club lor Hi- beat collie puppy, won by Beaca
Hill kennels' Srparlan.
I Silver meda', offered by San Francisco Kennel
| Club for the best Iris water spaniel exhibited, won
by Joseph W. s-aiz's Dan C.
One year's subscrip.ion to the Breeder and
Sportsman for the bes; Irish water Spaniel, won
! by Joseph W. Saiz's Dan C.
j Silver medal, offered by Ban Francisco Kennel
! Club for best Irish water spaniel puppy, won b/
E. Mcl'nillips' Pai K.
s-iiver medal, offered by San Francisco Kennel
' Club for ten field spaniel exhibited, won by C.
j Leonard's Tom sawyer.
One year's subscription to the Breeder and
i Sportsman, for he best field spa Die!, won by C
Leonard's Tom lawyer,
Silver cuu, value $30, offered by Henry J.
CrocUer for the best black cocker gp<tniel (under
28 pounds), won by mv:ss Jlounialn kennel's Ga
brlelle.;
Geld medal, offeied by E. T. Allen Com
• pany, value .* '.'.■. lor the best black cocker spaniel
j (nnder 28 pounds), the opposite sex to the winner
1 of the Cro ker cup. won by Pastime Cocker Span
j iel kennel's Viscount. •
! Gold medal.offerf dby San Francisco Kennel Club
j for best cooker, barriug winnerol Crockercup and
i Allen medal, won iy Swiss Mountain keunel's r&
--! cilio.
Newton Abbo t silver medal, offered by E. M.
I Oldham for tne best cocker spaniel, voii by Swiss
I Mountain kenne 's Uabrlelle.
Silver medal, offered by the San Francisco Ken
nel Club for the best cocker snaniel puppy, won by
S«iss Mountain kernel's Pacific.
Silver cup, offered by John G. Barker, . for
best Yorkshire terrier exhibited, won by Mta. K.
B. Grace's Frank.
Gold mednl, offered by San Fiaoclsco Kennel
! Ciuo, for the bes. Yorkshire terrier exhibited, the
: opposite sex to ihe winner of tbe Barker cup, won
; by K. Attridge's Joker 11.
Silver medal, offered by San Francisco Kennel
j Club, for tne best Vorksli ire terrier puppy, won by
Mis. E. B. lirace'a Hands. .-'..■
Gold medal, value $30, offered ty Hermann
Oelrichs, for the besi Great l-ane exhibited,
won by John Love Cunningham's Juanita.
Gold medal, offered by Claorough, Golcher
Co., for the best Great Dane, the opposite sexto
I the winner of the Oelrlchs medal, won by .Non
pareil Kennels' Rex K.
silver medal, offered by San Francisco Kennel
Club, for i he b-st ureat Dane puppy, won by Hec
tor kennels' Htctor Jr.
This evening at 8:30 the three judges-
Major J. 11. Taylor, E. M. Oidhara,
J. Otis Fellows,, will pass judgment
! on all the blue-ribbon dogs or lirst-prize
j winners for tbe purpose of deciding the
j best doa: in the show, to which will be
] awarded the $150 silver cup, which is the
! handsomest trophy ever awarded to any
I dog in a sintrle competition, not excepting
i New York, Boston, Cnicago and St. Louis
i dog shows. ____________
TIRE DEPARTMENT.
Five Members Fined for Neglect of
Duty and Other Offenses.
The Fire Commissioners met yesterday
afternoon and imposed fines upon several
members of the department.
William Matheson, driver of Engine 30,
was tinea three days' Day for neglect of
duty; ,M. Fitzhenry, driver, Truck 3,
three days' pay for beating one of his
horses unnecessarily; George Robinson,
trucKman, Truck 7, live days' pay for. nee-
lect of duty; Frank Gillespie, trucKman,
Truck 7, fifteen days' pay for netrlect of
duty and' previous misconduct;: Thomas
Murphy, -engineer, Engine 16. rive days'
pay for neglecting.- to keep his boiler in
clean condition.
The resignations of Mortimer Kelly,
Engine 34; John , Morris. Engine 26, and
John Gritfa'n, Engine 24, were accepted
and the following appointments were
made: J. •Geliatin, ; Engine 10; i John-
Arata. 4 Encine 24; Louis Walters,' Truck
3; J. Welsh, Truck 3; George Gurprman,
Truck 4; Arthur Goddard, Truck 5; Harry
Newman. Engine 34, and John Shady,
Engine 26.',; : . y. ,_:-. , .., ..
• — * — •—
Opening the Orphanage.
The Maria Kip Orphanage will ihrow open
its doors to tne public to-day. A concert and
house-warming will take place in tbe new
home, Lake »treet, corner of Seventh avenue.
The cars in the Richmond district afford easy
access to the house. The Third Artillery band,
stationed at Angel Island, will furnish the
music for the promenade concert. Tbe con
cert wiil b.'Kin at 2 P. M. snd the following
artists have volunteered their service*: Herr
Schott, Miss Alice Bacon. Giuiio Minetii, Mrs.
Richard Bayne, Homer H nicy, Graca Cnurch
choir and the Hale choral.
After the concert the guests will be con
ducted over the building by the reception
committee. There will te no bazaar, but light
refreshments can be louud on the premises.
- ifEW TO-DAT-DRT GOODS
I closing out I
I ELEGANT STOCK I
I ELEGANT STOCK |
■■■■■ V «■ mar Q
I The Mazei'
m% ■ ____ __^ -A.T .A. — —^— — __ '•' ■ CJ
~ JmWmm fl^ft H" f^S9l if^ tf^k I m*.
4% ■I ■ fli I lliHr SB b3 R s I t
ibrlttAl JjUoa!^
* THIS MORNING, 8 A. M. • J
— i-^JK —
*f* Come early before the best has been 1*
$■. sold out. The entire stock will go sooner ~Z
$ than you expect. Let us admonish you m
* to come early and while you have wants f
$ fill them here. We are not interested 4»
4s whether you purchase or not, as it's a 4»
4 loss to us either way. We lose money *T
j£ on every article we sell. It's getting 4»
4i out of business, and quickly too, that *fc
*. prompts the sacrifice. The fixtures are j£
j£ for sale and the store to let. We are 4?
4t ready to get out any time we get a pur= 4*
X chaser for the fixtures and a tenant for y
O the store. The stock is ours and paid V
y for, and we don't care what we get for X
| X it. We are determined to get out at the O
O earliest opportunity, so don't be sur= X
V prised any morning to read the an= X
a nouncement in this paper that "The jf
J> Maze" belongs to San Francisco's past X
X history. While we're here the oppor= X
X tunity is yours to buy this stock for if
X less than cost. X
* v Props* o^feeHojxer^
ISAUKEr Si.. (OR. TAYLOR A.\D GOLBEV GATE AYE.
BROACHED THE
DIRIGO'S CARGO
Four of the Crew Tapped
a Barrel of Old
Whisky.
And Captain Goodwin Propcsss
That Its Value Must
Be Paid.
Mate E wall Arrested for B;atin» a
Sailor on the High Sea. — A
Lively Voyage.
Captain Goodwin of the American ship
Dirigo was tbe center of an excited group
of sailors yesterday in tbe office of the
Shipping Commissioner. It had been an
nounced that the seamen's wages would
be paid at 11 o'clock, bat the captain put
in a claim against four of the sailors for
some whisky that had been broached from
the cargo and payment was postponed un
til 11 o'clock this morning.
The sailors were indignant over the
matter and accused the captain of having
broached cargo himself and of having ap
propriated iron stanchions and other
thines. The enptain replied that the
cargo was his and that |he paid for what
ever might have been missing. Finally
Robinson, the leader of the crew, re
marked that the captain wasn't fit to com
mand a clam scow and the captain ap
pealed to the Commissioner to protect
him from further insult. The men were
ordered out of the office and related their
grievances in the corridor.
Robinson admitted that he and three
others bored a hole with a gimlet into a
cask of whisky and took four pannikins
out of the barrel — not more than a quart
all told, which they were willing to pay
for, but they objected to being required to
pay for the whole barrel. They denied
that they had taken more than a quart or
that tuey had rerilled the barrel with
water.
Captain Goodwin sent for a ganger, and
the capacity of the "four panuikins" will
be iearnud to-day.
The Diri?o had hard Inck on the voyage
out from New York. She arrived here
last Monday, and had been so long over
due that reinsurance was paid on her.
The mate, C. S. Elwell, gave himself up
to the authorities yesterday, a warrant
having been issued for bis arrest on a
charge of battery preferred by George \V.
Tyson, and his examination will be had
before United States Commissioner Hea
cock at half-past 10 o'clock next Monday
morninc.
The sailors say that Elwell caught Cap
tain Goodwin by the throat in the course
of a dispute between them and that the
mate was punished by being locked np in
his room for thjee weeks.
One of the crew named Leonard was
killed when the vessel was seventeen days
out from New York by falling from the
The Soft Glow of the Tea Rose
is acquired by ladies who use Pozzoni'b
Complexion- Powdeh. Try it.
rigging to the deck. He died from his in
juries four days afterward.
It is likely that the men who broached
tbe cargo will be prosecuted and severely
pr.nished, as the offense is a serious onß
under the United States statutes.
CRAZED BY SICKNESS.
Dennig Kenna Became Delirious and
Jumped to Hjg Death Out of a
Hospital Window.
Dennis Kenna died at St. Mary's Hos
pital yesterday morning as the result of a
very unfortunate combination of circum
stances.
He went to tbe hospital last Saturday
suffering with erysipelas induced by a
severe cold. While sitting in the smoking
room in the second, story last Wednesday
night he became suddenly insane anil
leaped from a window. One of his Jega
was broken, and he was considerably
bruised. He died from the shock yester
day morning. The case was reported to
the_ Coroner, but no inquest will be held.
Kenna was a native of Ireland, 24 years
old, and a coremase.- by trade. He re
sided at 359 First street.
Going to >":ipa.
J. R. Callahan, assistant steward at the Re
ceiving Hospital, has obtained a position as
an attendant at the Napa Insane Asylum and
will leave for there this morning. He is a
druggist by profession and is a clever ami
efficient young man, as wa.l as courteous and
obliging.
Fagging Counterfeit Money.
John Matthews was arrested yesterday for
passing a counterfeit 50-cent piece on William
Peru, a saloon-keeper. His examination was
set by United States Commissioner Heacock
for Saturday morning at 10 o'clock.
KEW TO-DAT.
i WATCH rrtLL
TO EVERY
BOY AND GIRL
—AT— —
Great Annicnlniirtiii Tea Ci
PURE FOOD STORES.
140 Sixth st. 325 Hayes St.
965 Market st. 2008 Fill more st.
146 Ninth st. 3006 Sixteenth st.
617 Kearny st. 2510 /Mission st.
1419 Polk st. ' 521 Montgomery art.
218 Third st. . 1819 Devisaderost.
3285 Mission st. • 1130 Kentucky st,
705 Larkin st. Potrero.
OAKLAND STORES.
! (053 Washington sL 1510 Seventh st.
917 Broadway, 616 E. Twelfth st
131 San Pablo aye.
ALAMEDA-1355 Park St.
Headquarters, 32 Market St., S. F.
CALL AND ASK ABOUT IT.
TEAS, COFFEES, SPICES.
Highest Qua'ity, Lowest Prices.
NOTARY PUBLIC.
A. J. HENRY, NOTARY PUBLIC,
I OOQ HAKKf.T -T., OPP. PALACK HOIJiU
■ UOO Telephone 570. ' Residence 909 Valencia
I street, 'lelephone 'Church" 15. . ,c ,
i - _ ,
Weak Men and Women
SHOtTLD UBK DAMUNA BITTEKS. THE
great , Mexican , ; Remedy: gires Htalta .and
ItrtogUi to tii* Sexual Onana."i v
910
THE COMMERCIAL WORLD
SUMMARY THK MAKKKTS. ,
Silver off ajaln.
Enormous gain in Trade Balance.
Wheat Futures lower.
Barley 1-utur.ts declined.
Oats. Corn and Kyedull.
Cora Prociucts higher.
Hay plentiful aud easy.
Beans aud Seeds neglected.
Vegetables generally lower.
Hutter and Egg< weak. Cheese ea»y.
• considerable change in Ponltry.
Cherries lower.
Dried Fruits unchanged.
Provisions still quiet.
ENOKMOUi BALANCE IN OUR
FAVOK.
The Bureau of statistics at Washington has pub
lishea the returns of the foreign commerce of the
United States for the calendar year 1896- The
rigures show tha: the pxcess of exports of mer
chandise from this country over the imports for
ihnt period amounted to the enormous sum of
$325,322,184. This breaks ihe record of this
country's excess of exports over imports. The
year that came nearest to \. was 1878. when the
excess of exports over imports was $30.\279,590.
Coming at the same time, with other conditions
analogous to those obtaining in early days at the
time of prosperity that began in 879, the figures
of the Bureau of Statistics cause many persous to
believe that a similar era of good times is be
k Our export triwie for December last was larger
tha i tor auv preceding month of the year. It w3s
•i 4.897.895 greater than that of December. J 695.
The exports for the entire year 1894 amounted to
*1,006.«78.417, larger by $35.000,1"- than those
of the ca.endar year 1891, which was the record
before, though not so large as those of the .fiscal
year 1892, when exports reach' d 1,0.^0,.'88.143.
* me figures for April, 1897. and the ten months
of the fiscal year Just received are as follows;
EXPORTS-
April, 1896 871,091,747
r Pii 1897 • f1,72.V
Ten nlmtmhs;i896:::::::: Z&gi&tt
Ten months. 1897 ■■■■••■ 822'n5o'2 fa q
Kxcess of exports ten months 1896.. o »i),iHi,i.»
JCxcess of exports ten months 1897.. 299.811,994
OVERLAND SUIPMEMB.
Over.and shipments from Northern and Central
California by Southern Pacific lines in April
were 31.490 tons, as follows: From ban Francisco,
365 tons: Oakland, 1345; San Jose, 1443; Stock
ion 263- San Joequtn Valley, 2319; Sacramento
and East. 4832: Marysville. 1933.
The leading items were: 689 tons Beans, 444 do
Borax 47.000 gallons Brandy, 965,000 ao Wine.
1592 tons tanned Goods, 19>i 6do Dried Fruit, 17
do Xu!s, 48(5 do Kaislns, 3S do Honey, 228 do
Hops, 4 S do Hay. 149 do Hides, 382 do .Leather.
38 do I'otatoes, 73 do Vegetables, 828 ao Powder,
23 do Quicksilver. 1814 do Wool. io3do Coffee,
167 do Tea, 337 do Rice. 10 507 do sugar, 49 ao
Canned Salmon and 13 do Pickled salmon.
TREASURE SHIPMENT.
The China took out a treasure list of $148,140,
consisting ol Si i. 800 in Mexican Dollars, $1340
in Gold Coin and $135,000 in Silver Bullion.
Kxplanatlon.
The arrow flies with the wind. The top figures ]
at station indicate maximum temperature for the
days: those underneath it, if any. the amount of
ramlall. of melted snow In Inches and bundredths,
during the past twelve hours. Isobars, or solid
lines, connect poln s of equal air pressure; igo- I
therms, or dotted lines, equal tempi-rature. The j
word "hieh" means high barometric pressure and
is usur.lly accompanied by fair weather: "low"
refers to low pressure, and Is usually preceded
and accompanied by cloudy weather and rains.
"Lows" usually first appear on the Wasblngtoo
coast. When the pressure is high Id the interior
and low along the coasi, and the Isobars extend
north and south alon? the coast, rain is probable:
but when the "low-" is inclosed with Isobars of
marked curvature, rain south of Oregon is improb- I
able. With a "high" in the vicinity of Idaho, and '
the pressure falling to the California coast, warmer
weather may be expected in summer and colder
weather In winter. The reverse of these conditions
will produce an opposite result.
THE WEATHER BUREAU.
Unitkd Status Dkpartscest of Agkicoi>
tukk, Wkathkb Kireau, sax Fban-cjsco.
May 20..1897, 5 P. M.— The following are the rain
fa.ls tor ttie past 24 hours and seasonal rainfaiW
to date as compared with those of the same date
last season:
Eurexa, past 24 hours .00, this season 49.46,
last season 50.78; Red liluff, past 24 hours .00,
this season 24.12, last season 21.74: San Fran
c-is: o, past 24 hours .00, this season 2d. 22, last
season 20.84; Fresno, past 24 hours .00, this
season 10.53, last season 8.16: San Luis Obispo,
past 24 hours .00, tbis season 20.74, last season
17.C4; Los Angeles, patt 24 hours. 1)0, this sea-
Bon 16.85, last season 9.35; San Diego, past 24
hours. 00, this season J1.69, last seasoa 5.92:
"yuma, past 24 hours .00, this season 5.36, last
(seasou .88.
-an Francisco data: Maximum temperature 58,
minimum 53. mean 56.
WeaihiTCO-iditlons and reneral forecasts:
The pressure nas risen very rapidly during the
past twenty-four hours over the Pacific htlope
Along ill" coast from Eureka northward there has
been a rise of more than two-tenths of an Inch. I
A strong hign area is parentiy moving in on
the nortnern coast. An area of low pressure li»s
over .Montana and the British possessions to the
north An at>'.» of low pre>sure also lies in the
bacramento unit fcan Joaqnin valleys, extend iiig
southward to Arizona. The isobars ar.» unusually
cro-\dou be.weeu Eureka and Red i^luff.
The temperature has fallen from 10 to 20 de
grees over a large portion of tue couuiry west 01
the Rocky Mountains. Over Oreson there hag
been a fall of about 20 degrees.
Thunderstorms are reported from Havre and
Carson City.
Ihe following maximum wind velocities are re
ported : Port Angeles. 30 miles an hour, from the
wtst; Winnemucia, 28 miles an hour, from the
north we«t.
Forecasts rpr.de at San Francisco for thirty hours
ending midnight May 21, 1 - 97.
fsoriheri- inlifornia —Cioudy. cooler Friday, ros
sib y iliih: thuuderahow^rs intheeary morning
iv tne extreme nor.hwestern portion; northwest
erly wluds.
tfoutnern California— Fair Friday; fresh west
er y winds.
Nevada—Cloudy Friday; cooler in northern por
tion.
Utah— Clondy Friday: cooler Friday niirht.
Arizona— Probably tbundershowers iv northern
portiun rarly Fridnv morntn..: cloudy Friday
San iranciscound vicinity— Cloudy Friday: con
tinued cool weather, fresu southwesterly winds.
ALKXAKOKB MCiDTJI,
.Local i orecast Official.
Nttr rOBK exchange.
NEW YORK, N. V.. May 20. — Prices showed
wi akness at the opening of the stock market, tt.e
average decline belug between % and s, 8. The
serious phase of the Cuban question was the cause
of the beak.
New Jersey Central slumped to 70~, 4 . The de
moralization in t llls stock tended to unsettle the
CHICAGO GRAIN, PROVISIONS
AND NEW YORK STOCKS.
WMEELOCK & CO.,
4 Leldesdortr St., Tel. Main 1054.
IRW3B I'ENTXA I. OFFICE ' J fTTyfgTlTT|ini
eC3 Market si., Palace Hotel. Pur & Atkinson,
Managers. Tel. Main 6144.
. Uptown Office— Baldwin Jiotel (adjoining Orlll
, Boom). Tel. Main 10 91. ;
PURDY. ATKINSON & CLAPP. M«na er».
Orders instantly executed on latest market qno>
Utlons. .Reference Ist National 3anlc, H. F.
caiCAuo. iriUVAIJi WiAJC. tmW yuhk.
' general list, but losses were net especially severe
except in specialties in which specific influences
were at work ; The maricet showed .1 iemlency tc
rally all around at the close 01 the first hour.
The upward movement was soon checked and
the bears succeeded by energetic efforts in beating
down previous gains, many standard shares re-
Ceding 10 the lowest point of the day.
Further liquidation In Jersey central termi
nated to-day's stock market, and that stock sup
plied nearly'one-f of the total transactions,
and sustained a net l^s-. or 3% points at » recov
ery of 34 per cent f>-om the lowest . price. The
shares of oth'r anthracite eo-<l carrying roads,
particularly De' aware and Hudson and Lacka
wanna, were adversely nffec:ed by the break in
Jersey Central, sustaining net losses of 1 V 3 a-d
]s/ 8 per cent, respectively. Heading was neg
lected. The anthracite trade i« in an unsatisfac
tory condition. It is generally claimed that the
prices are well maintained, but the profits are
small and the volume of business is barely nor
mal.
Chicago Gas. which was dealt In nearly as exten
sively as Jersey Central, whs exceutloiially strong
throughout and closed fractionally hlshir than
yesterday. Th«- chanze in the market tor it is ex
plained by the decision ot the Illinois state Senate
by a large vo'.e to reconsider next Tuesday its vote
of yesterday upon the Iwo bills affecting the Ch
cago gns companies. Theen.iie Ms: whs unfavor
ably affected la lat- trading by the prospects that
the Senate wouid pass thi.s aft moon the Cuban
belligerency resolution. The possibility of n
ports of gold on Saturday was discussed by the
street, and the lndicatio .s ure that a comparatively
small amount may go forward on -aturday and
more next week. The closing was dull and in the
main heavy.
Money on call lVl@2: time money: 60 days, 2 per
cent; 3 and 4 months, s!%; 6 months. 3 percent:
balance of year, 3V»: 12 months 4 per 1 ent good
mixed Stock hange collateral; prime indorsed
bills receivable. 3%©3! si percent; choice prime
single nnme. 3%(£* prrcvnt: good names, i(gti> per
cent. Posted usKintr rates lor sterling $4 87 for
long bills and $4 88V3 for demand. Actual rat»s
long bills 94 86<£4 Bt>i 4., sigiit drafts $4 87*4®
4 87%, cable transfers *4 87 Vi@4 87%. Domes
tic exchange on New York and San Francisco,
sight 17VaL- premium, telegraph 20c premium.
Wheat and Flour.
WHEAT- 10:30 11:00 12:00 1:00 2:10
May 79V4 793/, *0
July 76% 77 78S/» 77«/ 8 775/ 8
September 72% 72% 78V4 7KS/ 8 72%
Dei-ember 73% 74 743/, 74S/ 4 74%
•-pot, steadier; f. o. b. afloat No. 1 Northern
spring New Vortc, Sltygc; No. 1 Northern spring
Duluih, 82V,c: No. 2 hard winter. 793/, c; No. 3
hard winter, 78S/ B e.
Future closing: May. 80c: July, 775/gc; Sep
tember. 73% c: December. 74% c.
Fl.OUß— Trade autet, steaay: sales 6600 bbW.
Spring, bb'.s. : No. 2 extra. $3 30@3 40; No. 1 ex
tra. $3 5533 76: straights, $3 80ig>4 00; patents,
$4 25@4 40.
GRAIN FREIGHTS— New "iorlc to Liverpool,
by eteam, l%d.
Produce.
PROVISIONS— $t 12Vi- Steady.
PORK-Mess. $8 Bo@9. Firm, dull.
TALI.O\V-2%®3c.
BUTTER— Creamery, Western, 14c.
EOGS— btate, fresh gathered, ll%c.
SUGAR — 89-degree, 2%c: 96-deqrree, 314 c:
centrifugals. 96 ile«re?, 3 6-16 c: molasses sugar,
89-dezree. 2%c; raw, dull; refined, quiet.
PETROLEUM— Quiet. New York rehned, 16 36;
Philadelphia and Baltimore refined, $6 30; refined
in bulk. 93 80.
HOPS-Crop of '95, 335 c: '»«, 6@loc: coast.
'95. 3@6c; coast. 96. 6©il. Dull. London maricet,
£3 16*.
WOOL— Domestic fleece. 18@23c; pulled, 16@
22c. Steady.
HIDES- Buenos Ay res. 20-lb,lßy Gal
veston, 20 to 25 lbi. 14c. Firm.
LEATHER — Hemlock sole, Buenos Ayres, light
to heavy weights. 19@.'0c; ac;d. 19y,@2v:c.
COFFEE— Rio. spot, dull, steady; No. 7, 7%c.
Future closing: .May. $7 *sft7 30: June, *7 Jo@
7 26; July, $7 25@7 30: August, $7 26@7 SO; Sep
tember, ?7 35@7 40; October, $7 3507 40: No
vember, $7 35@7 40; December, $7 40@7 45.
Dried Fruits.
RAlSlNS— California, 60-lb boxes. 2s;c; crown,
4(cLb3i.c; seeded, 7%@S%c: seedless muscatels,
5V2@5%c.
CUKRANTS-4S / 4@sVi': In barrels: 6@5%c in
cases; cleaned bulit, 6%@oc; cartons, 6@7%c.
APRlCOTs— California, Doxes, »@J5c; bags, b@
lie.
PKACHEP-Callfornia, unpeeled, bags, 6@B%c;
boxes, 7i 2 @9VxC: peeled. 10@12c.
PRUNKS— Cuiifornla, 25- Doxes, 4@7"vi,c; 60
--boxes, sy,@7c.
DaTEs — Persian. 60-tt> boxes, 2y @33 fard,
boxes. 4%@5c; cases. 6%@Sc.
FlGtS— i-ancy ordinary, 12@18c; fancy washed,
21@24c.
CITRON— HfSI^VjC for fancy boxes.
WALNUTS-Calilornla standard, 6%c; soft
shell, Be.
ALMONDS— Shelled. IRV-p-J9o.
Metals.
PIG IRON— Southern, 99 26®10 00; Northern,
$lO®l2. DalL
Plu TIN-Stralis, SIS 45@13 65. Steady.
Stocks and Bonds.
Opening. Closino.
American Sugar 911300 $113 37y,
American Sugar Pfd — —
American Tooacco 70 60
American Spirit Mfg C 0.... 10 37% 10 25
Atcbison 10 12% 1012%
>.ay .State Gas 8 50
Canadian Peciflc 53 00
Central Pacific.
Chicago Gas. 79 25 80 25
C. B. <t ; 74121* 7400
Con. Gas
« ordage — — ■
Cora age Pfd ■
Denver & Kio Grande Pfa. —
Delaware & Lackawana 147 00
Krie
Wayne. 162 00
General Electric 29 37Va 29 12y
Hocking VaMey
Jersey entral 73 00 70 00
Kansas & Texas. Pfd 27 50
Lake Shore 16300
Louisville & Nashville 44 50 44 37U
MannatlanCou. 4460 84 00
Missouri Pacific 12 37^ IM 37y 2
National L-rad '.'4 37% 24 »7y 2
New Haven 166 00
New York <fc New Englanl. " '"
New York Central 99 00 99 60
North Pacific. 12 50 12 62y«
North Pacific. PTd. 36 60 36 25
Northwestern _ — — 104 50
North American 4 25 4 25
Oregon Navigation - 1/00
Oreson Navigation, Pid.... — — 48 00
Pacific Mail 25 87% 26 62%
Pullman 157 00
Quicksilver (Con Excbnge). 100 00
Rock Island 63 2.1 «3 50
Reading. 18 00 1800
f-outhern Pacific i-l 87%
St. Paul.... 78 50 73 5ii /2
Texas Pacific.
Tennesse- Coal <t Iron 17 75 17 62%
Union Pacific 6 75 6 75
U. s. Leather ■
U. S. Leather, Pfd 54 00 63 62%
Western Union 77 75 77 37%
bash, Pfd T *
Par stiver 9 t,(i
sterling on London, 60 days 4 87
Sterling on London, sight 4 8-1/2
U. S. i's, rexlnered 96 00
U. 8L 4's. new 123 00
U. s=. 4's, new, coupon l-.MiO
U. S. 4: s 11l 00
U. S. coup.. 112 50
U. S. .Vs  113 50
U. S. 6's, coupon 113 50
CHICAGO MAKKKTS.
CHICAGO. Im,, May 30 Provisions were
higher, packers bting ihe principal sellers. The
demand for spot meats was quiet. Packing re
turns tor tr-e week show an increase of about 20
per cent over the same week last year.
WHEAT- 9:30 10:00 10:30 11:00 11:30
May . 72
Jnly 70% 71 71. 71% 71%
September 653/, 66*/» 66% 06Vg 6e3i
December 68 __Z
12:00 12:30 1:00 1:15
May 7214
July 71% 71% 71% 7 13/ J
i-eptember 67y g 67% 67»/a 67y
December — — 69V«
CORN— Mar, 241/4 C; July. 24% c.
OATS— May, 18c: July. 18% c.
BARLKY-34@36c.
HYE-July, 34y«c. y 4-- "■■■-,
FLAX-76C.
TIMOTHY-$2 S5.
Prodne*.
PORK-May, f 8 22: June. 98 36.
LAHD— May. $3 80; July, *3 85.
RIBS-May, $4 50: July, $4 50(J4 62.
BUTTER— Market dull and weak. Demand
small, receipts only fair.
Creameries— Kxtras. 13% c; firsts, 12%@13c
seconds. 10@ilc. Dairies— Extras, 12c: firsts, 10
©lie; seconds, 7@Ba Packing stock, fresh, 6rg>?c.
EGGS-Market firm and active. Demand orisic
for the best as well as Inferior stock. Firsts sola
chiefly at 9c *ja dozen, loss off cases returned.
l.iVMtoclt.
• HOGS-Llgnt. *3 60@3 77%: mixed. $3 60«
175; henvy. $S 35@3 76: rough, S3 35@3 50.
Stronser and unchanged. Receipts 34,000, sales
26 HOO.
C ' A J,i.fs- B^ ev * 8 ' »*®»2s: »»• and heif
ers. $2 00cg,4 fl0; Tex 8 steers, $S 10«3 30: stock
ers. $S Eo®4 60. steady. Heceipts 10,500.
»Ht El'— Market steadier. Receipts 13,000.
lOKEIi.N MAIIRBTS.
. London.
LONDON, Ens.. May 20. -Consols, 113%; sil
ver, 27% d: French remas, 10»f 46c. '
Liverpool. '.
WHEAT-Steady; \o. 1 standard California
wheat, 31s; car o«s Walla Walla wheat 30s ca?
goes off coasusteadi-r: cargoes on passage, steadier
Kng'ish conn ry markets, partially «d lower-
French country markets stead? ; Liverpool wheat'
No. 1 California. 6s 5%a; wheat in Paris, firm;
floor In Paris, firm. f
COTTON-Uplands, 4y,t
rUTHRBS.
' 1 be Produce Exchange cable elves the followinr
Liverpool quotations for No. 2 Red Winter: June!
6s 10% d; July. 5s 10% d: September, 6s 9%d.
KXCHASUK AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, 60 day 5.....,,, _ »487y 4
Sterling Exchauge, sight — . 488i/k
bterling Cab1e5................. — 48h3/ 4
New York Kxcbange, sight — 17%
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 20
Fine sliver, per ounce. ...... ....... — to
Mexican Dollars .......:....;.... 49% .60
- ' ... • ... . , - ' ,
tkstkrhay's whkat market.
The following resume of tbe wheat market Is
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MAY 21, 1897.
furnished by E. A. Bresse, Produce Exchange
grainbroker. 412 Pine street.
San Fbancisco, May 20, 1897.
Chicago.
Wheat started this morning fractionally lower
than yesterday's closing quotations. J Karly cables
were Vid higher: French inarnets stroneer. Prices
held steatiy around opening quotations for the
first hour of the session. A stronger feeling came
Into the market .on reports of rust damage to
wheat in Hungary and Austria. Shorts began
covering: this advanced July to 71% c. selling
again became creater than buyers cared to take,
resulting in a decliue to 71 1/4 c.
About thli tim>» New Yors and Boston reported
large export engagements. This news again
started good buying and advanced July to 71%®
72c Selling by longs to take profits near the
c.ose weakened prices iractioDa ly. 71 /ic was
bid when the song sounded.
The market has been hammered bard by shorts
during the past few days. This has resulted in au
overso d condition. The greater part of buying to
day was by shor;s. There was 1 very little outside
interest shown. The bear clique who have been
so prominent In the market of late were not try
ing to prevent prices from advancing. The mar
ket is becoming very much professional.
Si. Loui* wired later in the day that the Hessian
fly was doing more damage in Missouri than at
first thoi'ghl. This is the same old fly speculators
use every year when they run short of news. The
sections whence these reports originate are not
buying wheat. This is the best evideuce that no
serious damage is being done. It serves to ad
vance nn oversold markat. uther than this no im
portance should be attached to the fly problem.
Bushels.
Receipts to-d»y at primary points 470,763
Shipments to-day at primary points 284.957
Exports. 362,698
Corn rather firmer; receipts lighter. Covering
short sales was about the only feature to the mar
ket.
Oats dull, shade higher.
The provision market excited no great amount
of enthusiasm, packers' and scalpers' trading be
ing the extent of the business.
San Fraucisco.
9:16 a. m, RKssiiiN-.
Wheat opened steady; transactions small.
Crowd not disposed to trade one way or the other.
Some damage reports from the Sacramento Val
ley say hot north winds caused muih harm yes
terday.
Weather conditions to-day cooler. Wheat acts
heavy. December opened and closed at $1 2734.
Nothing doinsr in barley.
10:15 a. if. session.
Wheat opened easier, under 8/ac the closing of
the previous session. Selling uecame general.
Buyers were scarce. December dropped to $1 26 %
besore the buying was sufficient 10 stop the de
cline. Offerings were also slackened on account
of Chicago's strength: tbat market suddenly ue
came stronir, changing sentiment here. A reac
tion to $1 27 followed.
11:16 a if. session.
Wheat trading was fairly a:tive. but Inclined to
weakness. 'Ihere was considerable wheat lor sale
at $1 27. A few sales were made early in the
session at $1 2ti%. The temper of local traders
wus uearlsn. There was tome selling of long
wheat by holders who became timid on account of
bear aggressiveness. Notwithstanding the sudden
weakness in wheat at certain limits the market
received good support.
December barley opened at 75c aud closed at
74 %c.
2 P. M SESSIOX.
The disposition of traders tendec" toward lower
prices for wheat. December opened at $1 26Vs
and there was no change at the close. Bears huv«s
been more aggressive to-day than for some lime
past. They worked hard to force prices lower, but
were met by good buying at the decline, which
caused their retrea .
Shorts have been waiting quietly for an Inning
for a month or more, during which time longs
have been in full control of the market. The
trade seems about evenly livided upon present
surroundings
PRODUCE MARKET.
WHEAT ANl> OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT— Chicago and Liverpool were both
higher, but local futures were lower. Spot grain
exhibited no particular change.
Uuoted at $1 '.'/ « 2 ail H2i,j for common grades,
91 333/4@l 85 ft ell for average No. 1, $1 37y« for
choice and 91 40@l 46 for extra choice mill
ing: Conors, f 1 85(all 373 a for No. 1 and 111 40
@1 421 a for milling.
CALL BOABD BALES.
Infohmai. SWK»r— B:IB o'clock— December—
20COCHS. Jl 273,4.
skcoxd December-2000 ctls, SI 275/,;
2000. fl 27V*: 16.000, $1 27y 8 : 24,000, *1 27;
BJOO, $1 26%; 8000, $1 2 6 6/s ; 14,000, $1 26y 2 ;
2000, $1 2fc3,.
Regular Morning Session — December —
16,000 ctts. $1 27; 2000, $1 26* /4 : 26.000. $1 26%.
Aftkbnoon Sksrion— December— 74,ooo ctls,
f 1 26^ 8 . May-2UOO, «1 343/,.
BARLEY— A decline In futures was the only
change. Feed, 72V»''a'75c: choice bright, 76V4©
77y a c; Brewing, 80;g»85c %* ctl.
CALX BOARD SALES.
Informal. Session— :ls o'clock— No sales.
Pkcosd Session— December- 2000 ctls, 76c:
2000, 74% c.
Kegilar Mokmno Sxssion— December— 2ooo
ctls. 74S/ C.
Afternoon Sessios — December— 2ooo ctls,
7«% c.
OaTß— Dealers rpport a dull and unchanged
mark.-:. Pujtet sound. $1 30@l 40 ji ell: good
to choice, 91 12%S>) 25-. common, fl@l 07y .
Clipped Oati geil ai 91@2 %) ton over the raw j
product.
v. ORN— Receipts have Increased of late and the
market is easy and dull. Large Yellow quotable at
91@1 02 Vb -# cii; Small Bound do, 91 U7V 10;
White, BM(fl*9Oc $ cv.
KYJi— 77Va@BL'Vi!C * cU.
BtCKWHtAI-a nominal at aDont 91 25®
1 40 * CtL
FLOUR AND SIIJLLST
Corn products are bringing more money.
FLOCK— Net «a*b prices are: Family extras,
94 75(34 HS: Bakers' extras, 94 60@4 65; Super
fine, «4@4 35 ft obi.
CORNAIKAL. ETC.— Feed Corn, $22@23;
Cracked Corn, $23 50 ft ton.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks are as follows,
usual discount to the trade: Graham Flour, $2 85
%> 100 lbs: Kye Flour. 92 50 V 100; Rice Flour,
SI 75; Cornmeal, I M&2 »S; extra cream do. 92 75,
Oatmeal, 93 60; Oat Oroats, $4: Hominy, $3 .0^
S 3J; buckwheat Flour, 93 25<§>3 50; Cracked
Wheat, 93 50; Farina, $4; Whole Wheat Hour.
*3; Kolled Oats (bbla). 94 75@5 16: Pearl Barley.
S3 75ffi4; Split Peas, S3 60; Ureeu do, 94 SO 'tt 100
tt>s.
HAT AND FKJSDSTUFFS.
Old Hay Is easier under larger receipts, but
prices show no decline. Arrivals of new Uay are
small.
BRAN— 915@15 50 for the best and 914@14 50
f> ton for out tide brands.
MIDDLINGS— SIBOI9 for lower grades and
$19 SOfgt'JO 50 ft ton for the best.
FEEDSTUFF* — Rolled Barter, 916 50@17:
Oilcake Meal at the mill, 926 30 si ton; jobbing,
927 50.
HAY— Wheat, $B©lo 50: Wheat and Oat, 97®
10; Oat, SMs.B 60: new Wild Oat, IH:<£« 60; Bar
ley, 96 50.U8; Alfalfa. 98@7 50; compressed, 96
©9 50: stock, f 5@U; Clover, 96®8 ft ton.
BIKAW- '^sasoc >. bale.
lIEANS AND SEEDS.
The market continues dull and undisturbed.
BEA.VB- Bayos quoted al 91 6S@l 85; Small
Whites, 91@i 20 per ctl: l-ar-e Wnltes, 91@1 10
9 ell: Pinks. 91&1 16: Reds, 91 20@l 30: Black
eye, 91 50£ l 60; Red Kidney, nominal: Ll
maa, 91 40@l 60: Butters, 91 26@1 60: Pea, 91 10
@1 30.
1 »£KDS-Brown Mustard, 92 60fffl2 75; Yellow
Mustard, 91 60 9 ctl; Flax, 91 s(r<sl 60; Canary
beed, 13/t.®2i/ 4k c r fit: Alfalfa. 6V*c; Rape, 2i/ a ®
2'/ic: Hemp, 3c; Timothy, 4 Vic.
i.kikh i'l-.Ah-Mits, nomiual; Green, 91 80®
1 SO V ctl.
POTATOES, ONION'S, VEGETABLES.
Almost all Vegetables are lower. No change in
Potatoes and Onions.
PuTATOES — New Potatoes. 1911,4 c 9 Ib:
Early Rose, 5O(06Oc 9 ctl: River icpds, 60@60c:
Burbank seedlings, sUr&66c Hi ctl for Rivers and
75(a>85c for Petaiumas'; Oregon Burbanks, «sc@
91 ISW
ONIONS— New Reds, 60@75c -f ctl.
VEGBTABLES-RecelDts were 886 boxes As
paragus, M 4 boxes Rhubarb. 380 sacks Peas and
81 sacks Beans. \
summer Squash. 91 75 V box: Cucumbers, 96@
@35c for hoi>iou<ie and $1 60@l 75 for Marrsville;
Aaparacus, sU(@9l 9t bx for common. 91 25081 60
V box for choice and 91 75 V box for fancy;
Khubarb, 25@40c 'or ordinary and 51C«60c for
choice larce; Marrowfat Squash. 95@7 fl ton-
Dried Peppers, t.<n,Hc lb; Green Peppers, ;
(ireen Peas, '. sffisuc 9 sk tor common, 50f<$75cfor
Cardfti; MruiK Jieans. 3ftJ6c ft lb: Hors* Beans,
K6<asoc 9 sack; Dried Okra, B@9c » Ib; Cabbage
75«485c |i cti; Carrots, 25©d0c D sk; Garlic, iy a
®2c V Ib. I
BUTTER, CHKKBM AND KOGS,
Plck!ed Butter shows some shading, but fresh,
descriptions are unchanged. Eggs . are tending
downward and Cheese Is not so firm as it has been.
BUTTEK-
Creamery— Fancy creameries, lSffliriUcS Ib:
Mcouds, l4®l4V c » Ib.
DAiRY-Choice to fancy, i'JVi©l4c 9 Bt; lower
grades, ll@l2c.
Pickleu— lsc Ifi Ib for new.
Firkin — 14« 16c H Ib for new. •_
' Cbkameby Tub— New, I.*>@l6c¥lb.
CHEKSE-lholce mild new, 7«t7Vgc 1» lb: com
anun to good, «i'rstii, 2 Cream Cheddar, 10@llc;
Younir America, 7VI-®Bi^c; Western, lie: East
ern, 13@lSc >. ib. •
Klios- Kaurli Ken, 12V2®]5c: store Eggs. 12®
lv'Vfrc r- doz; Eastern, 12@>12i&e: Duck Eggs, 11
©l^c ft doz.
POCtTBY ANU GAMS. 5
POULTRY -Yesterday's prices showed consid
erable change In a small way.
Live Turkeys, lS@l4c-for Gobblers, 12«*1 for
Hens: Greiie '? pair. Sl<£4 25: Ducks. 98 25®3 60
for old and 93 sO<ss 60 for young: Hens. 93 60^
4 50: Koosteis. young, $G©B: do, old, 93 60^4-
Fryers, *B(a:5 50 %* doz: Broilers. 95@5 50 for large
and *2<523 50 for small: Pigeons, 91 25 V doz for
young and 91 60® 1 75 for old. - i
GAME— iiare, nominal; Rabbits, nominal.
UECIDIIOCS AND CITKUS FRUITS.
i Receipts were 908 chests Strawberries and 3771
boxes Cherries. * -
Prlngle Apricots from Vacavllle SI SO 9 box.
Uherrles are lower, horn* Hraw berries came in
cooced and had to be sold at the Inside quotations.
Green a pples sold at 4U(S7Sc *' box.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Strnw berries, $-'@3 60 ft chest for large and
92 6 @5 for small.
Blackberries from Covina, 91 76 H crate.
•Gooseberries. lVagD'jygC 1* ">•'
Baspbeiries 40«.60c «t drawer; irom Newcastle,
92 %>. crnte. ' ■ : ■
Currants. $I@l 50 1& drawer.
Apples. «l@i 50 fi box.
Cherries, 25@)60c. % box for white and red and
35@75f0r black. . ■
CITKUS FK CITS— NaveI Oranges an quotablo
at 93@4 50 $ box for choice to fancy and *1 50®
2 50 %i bx for common; (Seedlings. $I@l 76 <j» bx;
Mediterranean Sweets, $1 2i>@2 50 ft bx; Lemons.
7&c@sl 25 :• ior common and $1 50(j$'J 25 tor
«ood to choice; Mexican Limes, i» box; Ba
nanas, $I@2 it bunch: Pineapples, 92®4 t» do*.
DRIED FKUITS, KAISISn, NUTS, ETC.
DRIED FRUlTS— Quotations are as follows:
Feaches, 4%@6c $ Ib; fancy,"6%c 9 B>; peeled,
J*®llc; Apricots, 6@Bc; Moorparks, 10@12c;
evaporated Apples, 6@sy c: sun-dried, 2@3c;
Prunes, 2V @3c for Ihe 4 sizes: white J?igs, 8c;
Plums, 4(S4U,c for pitted and lOlVic for unpit
led: Nectarines. 3y2@5%c%l Ib lor prime tofancy:
Pears, V 2 4c for whole, 2%@5c for quarters and
S@oc for halves. . > .■-: ri-:..
KAISINS—
Four-crown, loose. B%c: S-crown. 41/ic; 2-crown.
3s/ g c %* lb; seedless sultanas, fi(<i.r>Vwc: seedless
Muscatels, 4%c; 3-crown London layers, *I@l '25;
clusteis, SI 50; Dehesa clusters, 5- 60; Imperial
clusiers, $2 50; dried grapei out.
>> UT.S-Chescnuts quotable at 8@10c: Walnn's,
6y @7e it Ib for standard and H©9y 2 e *Ib lor
sofishell; Almonds, 6@6y c for Lauguedoc, B@
3V*c for hardshell and B@9c f* tb for papershell;
I'l'ujiuts, 4@6c ft Ib for Eastern and 4c for Cali
fornia: Hickory Nuis, ;@6c %* lb; Pecans, 7y 2
8c $ lb: Filberts, 7y 2 @Bc; Brazil Nuts, 7y ®Bo;
Cocoanuts. $6©5 50 'it 100.
HOXKY— Comb, 10@12% for bright and 6(319e
tor lower grades; water-wnjte extracted. &©6y»c ;
light amber extracted, -«' •<g)4 : '* 1 -"; - dark amber,
4(a4i c; dark, 2@Sc * lb. i
BEEBWAX_23@2Sc * lb.
PROVISIONS.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, 7%c»lb forheavr, 8c '
» lb for light medium, 9c for light. 100 9 Ib
for extra light and 12c 9lb for sugar cored. East
ern sugar-cured Hams, 12% c ¥ Ib: California
Hams, 10Vi@llc; Mess Beef, 9c@BoOW bbl: extra
mess do, $H 50® 9: family do, 99 50@10; extra !
prime Pork, $10@10 60: extra clear. $13 6U@l4
%t bbl; mess, 60<&13 V bbl; Smoked Beet;
»VjC*lb.
KD— Eastern tierces are quoted at 6%e for
compound and 6%c tor pure: palls, 7c; Cal
ifornia tierces, -.-(g.-l^c for compound and 5 V«c
for pure; half-bbls, 6 ! '.. a; XO-Ib tint, 7c; ao 5-lb.
7Vio * Ib.
COTToLENE— Tierces, 6c. Packages, less than
300 lbs— l-lb palls. 60 in a case. H7/ 8 c; 3-lb nails, 20
in a case, 83/»c; 5-lb palls. 12 in a case, b^4c; 10- St
paiis, 6in a case, Hygc: 50-tt> tins, 1 or 2 in case,
7G/ 8 c: wooden buckets. 60 lbs net, 7%c: fancy
tubs. 80 lbs net, 7«-ic; halt-barrels, about 110 lbs,
7y a c*lb. _l
1III»K>, TALLOW, WOOL AND. HOPS.
HIDES AND BKINS— CuIIs and brands sell I*.
9lb under sonna stock. Heavy salted ; steers,
@8c « Ib: medium, 7c light, By @7c; Cow
hides. 6y,®7c; Stags. 4c: salted Klp,6c; salted Calf
7®Bc: salttHl Veal 6@7c; dry Hides, 12@12y
culls and brands. 9@loc:dry Kip and Veal, 9@loc:
dry Calf. 16c; culls, 10c; Ooatskins, 20@25c each;
Kids, &c; Deerskins, good summer. 260 %t lb;
> nn-dium, 20c; winter, 10c; Sheepskins,- shear
lines, 10@20c each: short wool, 30@400 each;
medium. f>o(<&3oc each; lung wool<, 601&76 C eacn:
TALLOW— Na 1, rendered, 2%@3c t» tt>; Ka 2.
2V c; refined. 6c; Ore:ise. Ac 9 Ib. ■
WOUL—aprlug dip is quoted: .Mountain.
13c: Foothill, 9@llc: ban Joaquin, year's dip,
7®Bc; do, seven months, 7«s»c V &>; NeTadas,
9©llc; Eastern Oregon. 10c.
HOPS— 6©Be for fair to choice and 9010 c i» Ib
for fancy. Contracts are being drawn at B@loc
lor new Oregons and 7@9c for new Washlngious.
GENERAL Ml KI'UANDISE.
BAGB— Calcutta Grain Bags, spot, sc; Jane, Be;
July, 6c; Ban Quentln, $5 40: Wool Bags, 24@27c.
COAL- Wellington, $8: New Welllnarton, $8;
South field Wellington, 97 60: Seattle, «5 60;
Bryant, 95 BO; Coos Bay, $4 75: Wallsend, $7
iK ton; Cumberland. 913 60 9 ton in bulk and 915
In sacks; Pennsylvania, Anthracite Egg, $1 1w.12 %*
ton; Welsh Anthracite, S8@10: Cannel, 98 f. ton:
i<ock Springs, Castle Gate and Pleasant Valley,
$7 BO: Coke. tl l{a.i- in bulk aadSIS ft ton lnsks.
CORDAGE— prices for 10,000-t> invoices are:
iy« inch Manila, 6%c; do £isul, 6c: 12-thread
Manila. 714 c; do Sisal, 6%c: 6 and 9 thread Ma
nila, 7%c; do Sisal, 6c; Bale Hope (3 and 4
s-rand), Manila, ti%c; do Sisal, sc; Bale Rope (2,
6 and strand), Maui.a, 7Ue: do sisal. 6y a c^ tb
SUG AK— The Western isugar Keflninc Company
quotes, terms net cash: Cube and Crushed und Fine
Crushed, 6c: Powdered, 6V3C: Dry Granulated,
4 ■ \- r ft Ib; Confectioners' A, 4%c: Magnolia A,
4V2C; Extra O, 4»/ 8 c: Golden C, 4' c: Candy Uran
ulated, 6c; hall barrels V4O more than barrels, aud
boxes y e mori).
SAN FRANCISCO MKAT MARKET.
Wholesale rates for dresma stock from slaaga
terers are as follows:
BKKF— First quality, 6Vfa®6o; second do, 5o;
tbird do, 4@4y 2 c V- Ib.
VEAL— Largf. 6®6c; small, 6®7c it lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, 5®5y 0; Ewes, 4@sc V Ib.
LAMB— 6@7c %i Ib.
PORK— Live Hogs. 3J/4@3J^c for large and 3V a
@H%c fur small and medium; soft Hogs, '-' J ,4*
2Vac; dressed do, 4Vi@sJ^c .
KKOJEIPTji ok rnouueu.
r"T -4 HOUR*
Monr. or sKs.... 82, 780 1 Cheese, cna..,. M 182
Oregon 21,662 Kggs, doa mm 12,090
%he»i, ctls...«. 3,3-0 Utdem, n0........ 471
Oregon. 4.785 Pelts, bd15.....^ 429
Barley. ctls.._. 2,2.0 Wine. (rats. ..^«. 53,850
Corn, ctls-....^. 2,946 Wool. Bis — 84
Beut,ia.. Ma 89 Oregon 173
Kyo, ctls. ........ 325 i.e»tu«r. imu..., b6
Potatoes, slca..^ 2,982 1-ime, bbls ■■ 162
Oregon 4,115 i Hops. Or, bi5... .. 20
Onions, sks 722 i Lnmber. M is«s.. XU
il ay, tons.. .._ 6h9i Flaxseed. sks.... 39
Uran. sks 250 1 Chicory, bDU.... 12
Oregon, sks.... 1,670 \ Quicksilver, flslci 160
*luianuga.*«j... 'l allow, ct15.... «. 3.8
Buttet. ctis 826 1 . ■•
THE STOCK MAKLET
There was a sudden rally In the middle stocks
yesterday, Choliar rising to 91, Potosl to 65c and
Hale & Norrross to 91c The other socks were
belter in sympathy.- Trading was larger all
around and especially heavy in the middle groups.
In the Comstock workings of the .-avage during
the past week prospecting operations were car
ried on upon the 500 and 750 levels. The roof of
| the upraise above the old south drift from the west
; drift on the 500 level continues to show spots of
good ore. On the Brumwlck lode in the com
pany's ground at shaft 1 no work was done during
i the pr.st week, but as the repairs to the surface
machinery have been complete the sinking or
the shati will be resumed the coining week.
In the Crown Joint mine the south drift on the
seventh floor of the 800 level rais<* is now out a
total distance of 139 fee:. The face is in a mix
ture of porphyry and low-grade quarts. They are
also encased in putting In a track and pipe for air
in this drift. They did no work during the week
In the upraise from the 600 level southwest drift.
The joint t rown Point, Yellow Jacket and Ken
tnck Consolidated* drift from ihe Yeilow Jacket
shaft on tae "iai{ebru3h" level was not advanced
during the week, the time being occupied in build-
Ins r station for chutes
The yieiu of the lie cner mine for the past week
I amour.red to 80 minim; carloads of ori». the aver
age top-car sample of which was $21 49 per ton.
Th* tiiysor-Marlon Mmmi; Company of Utah
has declared a dividend amounting to $9000. pay
able May 31. This makes $18,000 dec Urea inside
of 60 days.
The Kaic'e Mining Company of Utah hat levied
an assessment of iy 2 c per share.
BUAi!D SALKI.
Following were the sales In the San Francisco
Stock Board yesterday: '
200 Anf10.. .. 18|10J C P0int. ...21, 500 8avaK*....30
'200 H4K,, 53J100 Mexican.. 600 Bef 8e1.... 09
650 Ch01iar... 78,20U Optilr 84il0» r -»r 37
000 79 100 ...........H5 Union «X 30
16OCU<*V_.1.65 100 Potosl. - :.
i'TKIINOON BKSSION— 2:SOi
<"' BAB eil 60O&C SlbiSOO P0t051.....60
1000 Ch11r... .991100 H4JN..:..901' 0 59
400 .......... 98 100 ■-.. 91|200 8e1....10
lUO Chall<e. . . 1 100 89 200 8N»......42
360 UCJtV.. 1.75 100 Mex......37 200 V Jtt* 3(»
100 Uonti ...1.00 100 0nh1r.....9) 100 ....• 29
600 C P0int. ..22 200 Occl<ltt....lO
_ Following were the sales in the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday:
i **<'ni»iin>inio»-''':n ,
20n Airna.....07 1450 CCV....1% 200 0ph1r..»..87
i aOO Ande5....iei200........J.*0tf00 ........ .88
400 Belcher.. .2o luOO 70|i00 Overmn... 14
70U 8*8......63 200 1.67% 300 Potoel 4«
200 64 *00 ... ........ I*A i2OO ..........47
700 ....... ,...; 57 100 1.77Vi!200 4«
3 00 ab2ooo ...... 1.801200 49
J*oo 60 2&J c uup ....016 0 :..V.60
40U union... -5U 1.2 >0O ....... .....64
! 700Caleda.... I<. 400 Crwn Pt..-i|l«00 ..........66
200 CnUn«e.v.2l 3Jd Exchqr...o^Uoo 6tf
200 ChoUar.,.77 6uo udtu....:.21 1000 ..........67
•JJP ••-•7 W *00 .-.22 1200 ..........68
200 ............7t 600 H&N.....8b iOO rtavage.- .HO
fj- 0 ■•••.. Bti'2OO ............85 500 ........ ...82
£?<{ ••••"• 8- 100 ......84 500 »c0rp100..03
i™. •>' »i iOO Jnlla... 04 400 88&M....U
2JS* • 84 OU Kentnclc_o6 7OJ t> X*v...>.S7
800 .;.;.;;;:_ syO L Wa»h-...01 l*» 0 .......... 3b
'°« •• 895 0 ....... ....<2 100 ..... .39
00 ,,, ...........90 ,50 Mexican- 8a 100 ..;..... ...40
l»00 ...........1300 34400 »42
SjJHE- r- 9 7 «*0.-. 8UHU1....0a
j l ™' .....94 700 3t>3oJ Vm.u.....u*
ou ..........96 1100 ..........S8 60<* * JW*4....37
100 Conn... 200 Ooedi 10 : , '. v i *', //
*>TICRNOON SK9SIO!I-3:Sa
2nO A1Ph«.....U7 UOti Choir..^97 3U00ccia......10
.100 Andes ..-21 '200 ...... .:;...98 500 Ovrmn.... 14
20 I Belcd«r....Vo 2uO .......,..^9'n 50 « Pui0a1..... 68 I
100 8,...6 400 . ......... .1.0- 1000 .'. 6S»
*P °, 6! iOO ..:... 1.01;V s 700 ......... ; .60
6 , u0 , ..V.. ...;.;.6t JOSOCCV...I.M)hOO ...........62
au -.61 5-0...... 1.77 l/ 3 1700 63
* uu .62>200 ronn...l.(JDiiOU uti««.... 3V."
250 Ca1«1a....1)|30.J P0«m...21 700 ....;... ...S4
nI ,P, .•.:—••— 10I70J «*C . »..22 iOO ...........81
2UO tha11«e...2) 400 ......;.. .20 200 b8AM....1l
101) ChoU ......92 6JO H&N D(!91W5.\«v.....4;'
800 ......:.„..»» 700 Mx1c....J»7 160 Stdrd 1.6*2
S(>o ........... 500 Ny Qn... 06 7OJ bi0u. . . . . 3 .1
f.™ •— ~ »» 101 0Fhir.....9 200.;....V..;..8»
JOO ■ 961*00 91U00 x JMM&1...29
♦.JIOSIAU QUOTATIONS.
• THUKSDAT. May 20-4 P. k. ;
fttt.At*ed.\ -- Jift.A*tc*A-
AlpbaCon..... utS t.7i 'nil* . 04 05
Alt*.. ..„•"*. li6iioatlc«i. ,„.... — 03
Anfleii..... .„ 19 21 Kemnclc....^ 04 06
Belcher 19 20 Mexican....... 37 38
Best&Beloasr 63, 64 1 Nevada Qaoax — «6
Benton C 00.... — 10 Occidental..... 09 10
iiui!io!i ....... 05 Ob Jphlr.. ... M 91 V 2
Caledonia. 10- ]] Overman- 14 15
Cbollar ........ 1.00 FotosL ...... 64 66
Con.Cal.fcVa,.. 1.80 1.b5 5avage.. ....... 34 35
Challenm Con. 21 5c0rpi0n...... . — «*
ton. lmpert.it. 01 1/. leg. Kelchsc. - 09 10
Confidence .... 1.00 1.05 - liver H11L.... — 02
ton New Yo« — iv -ierra NeradA 41 43
trowu Poun... 21 2; -tandard 1.66 1.60
KastsierraMt? — l< ->yndicaM. .._ 01 <»
h.nreka Oob ._ — >o LnlouUou..... 34 35
Exchequer.... — 1iuui....... 04 ■ «5
liouiudicurrr. 22 »UcU«WJM«» 29 31
iiu«:u.i\uicti. 89 90! ■' •
bXOCix AI»I> BONO eXCEANOG.
THURSUAY. May 20-2 p. it.
riCITKI> BTATKS I BONUS.
1 in. 4 l/.r.t BUL AtktA.
CB 4a conu. 112 112% C t45ree...109 iIUVa
Lonew issue — _
MJBCItI.I^XIW)r/S BOXIH.
CalotCW^B^. 112 — . Oak Gas 55.. — 104
CalEl«cL6s — 130 |Do2d Is 65... 108 -
CntraOW6s — »BV.i()mnibm«Js.. 122 123
Dpnt-stex-cp — 100 PAOKyBi. - 11 1
F.dsn L&P Ss 126 127 P4Ch Ry 61. lOi 105
F&CHKK6sIO6i^ - Fwl-stRRB»II6 -
G«arr-tt R6s - 10'zi,^ Beno. WLAX. — 105
HCteoVjilUU _ bactoPAU. - 100
LosAncLd* — 100 SF&NPU6I. 10^y 2 102%
DoGnteed 6s _ 101 t-PRRArlzai - 94
M*t-stCble6sia4 - bPRROaIos. 107^,108%
DoßyCon Os. 1061*107 SPBR taloj. - B6
Nat Vines Ist - 100 sP3rRCaI6«. 99%100
NevCKgß7s. •■— 105 BV Water t«*.llhy 2 -
iN KrCai tfa.iO4B/, - &VWater4s. lOOiyglOl
Kitywai 6*. " _ - Htktiiu&iiji aai^ioo'/j
"■ ." /. •* AT■< R KTOCK I.
Contra Cost* SO 34 ISprnu Valley 97% 98
Mar 1000..... 50—i ■-;-... '
•A=, asu Kl.lCi.TllT', *t<vticv
Cupftal,..,... _ 3U Pad do Mclr. — 61
Central. Psv 3 - SFG&EIec. 94 5/, t4»4.
MKleoLigni 9 91^ -ian Franowa zy. 2%
OakGL&a b3*A 64i|^tocktoa 13 —
rMUH im|* 9l> 91 :'.
J.VHUKANU* KTOCKt.
Flremaa'sFd — IR3 |.. m
Aneio-Cai... 50 — First NaUoall«J% —
BankofCaL. — 239 LondonPAA.i27y 1 129y
CalBD&TColOO 105 MerchKx.... 12 —
vi'A^-i.li . . ' MVIXm BANK ETOJ.vi.
nerßA LOo.. 1300 1400 Sav*loaa.. _ lm
EnmbS<fcL.liOJ — Security.. .^.350 300
Mutual. 35 '40 Union Truat.tJ97>*vso
b*t»v Union 449 —
BTBKRT RAILROAD STOCK*,
California.... 10. 3^109 OakSLAHa/ _ 100
Utaryst...._ 38 - Presidio 4 51/1
MtuJtet-tt..,. *3y a 44
'""""' r TnrK ,
Atlantis rt.., 11 17 GlantOoa.... 27y« 28y»
California.... 75 95 V1g0nu...... 25c 86c
Kaaiernx>._ tjO 85 .'.' ->
»IVT.: IVBOII «T.->-IC«.
Alaska Pitn. 96y a 98 NatVlnOo.. - 7y 9
Uer Lead Co. 100 140 oceanlcSSUo — 84
HawCASCa. 121^, 13 PacAuxPA. 2 3
Hntchet Poo l9i/ 8 J«% PacßoraxOa 99 —
*i«rii,iAs3u_ 9o - jParfPalntCa a 7
bAI.iCS-MOB.MNQ BM4SIO*
Board—
20 Alaska Packers' Association 97 00
10 do do 96 25
10 do do - s»6 OU
10 do do 1 „ „. 96 50
10 do do 96 37%
60 do do, s SO 96 25
20 do do, •30 96 6'JVa
50 Hawaiian Commercial 12 2S
50 do 00, s 30 12 25
BiLKS-AfTIRSOOif BKSSIOV.
Board—
10 Alaska Packers' Association 96 50
30 Hutchlnson Co 18 00
140 do ao .— .... 19 12%
10 8 F Gas <fe Electric Co ." 94 25
40 do ao 94 60
Ftrrot—
100 Hutcblnson 8 P Co;.*.-. 19 00
30 Pacific Gas 1niD...... 90 00
229 Vigorit Powder SO
♦ — ». ,
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS
P. J. Moliterno to Ferdlnando Boicelll, lot on
S line of Greenwich street, 162:6 W of Gough, W
75 by S>ll'>: *1600
Mary K. Dunne to John J. and Annie A. Doyle,
lot on H line of McAllister street, 16"J:6 W of
Scott, \V 26 by N 1:V7:6; $10.
Albert *-choenwald to J oui«e Schoenwald, lot on
S line of Geary street, 80 W of Devisadero; W 45
by s 100: $5.
Alfred Olsen to James W. Kellv, lot on E line of
Harrison street, 262:6 S of Twenty-first, S 25 by X
100: $5.
Mary L. swain, Alpba A. Webber (executors of
the estate of William B. Swain) to Hans P. Peter
son, lot on W line of Potrero avenue, 35 S of
Tw.-nty-third street, !S 25 by W 100: $2600.
Mary L. Swain 'o same, same; $10.
Peter J. and Jlary J. Oildoa to Jacob Bryan, lot
on NW line of Freelon street, 225 N£ of Fourth,
0K 26 by M W 80 ; $ 10.
Mary Tuc';er to Mary E. Tucker, lot on B\V
corner of Twenty-second avenue and Clement
street, W 57:6 by S 100: frtf:.
Kebecca B. Oodfrey lo Jamen Faulkner, lot on
E line of TwentlPth avenue, 300 8 of Point Lobos,
S 25 by E 120: $10.
J. ML Angus, T. U. Carothers and W. S. Goodfel
low, execu:ors of the estate of James (J. Fair, to
Joseph and Fannie McDeviti, lot on N line of
.Newman street, 150 E of Bennln -ton, E 26 by N
87 :«, being lot 24, block 10, Fair's subdivision of
Uoily rark; $10.
Mary Quiun to Margaret Qulnn, lots; R, 6, 13, 14
and 15, block 52. City Lund Association; also
lot 12, block LB9, South San Francisco Homestead
and Kailroad Association: *.V
Edward M. and Annie E. Long to Walter L.
C'aiey, lot on W line of Diamond street, between
feurrey and Sussex, lot 10, block 4, subdivision 1,
Castro-street Addition; $10.
Krant Cresta (or christo) to Leonhard Briemle,
lot ou NW corner of Ouondaga and Cay vga ave
nues, NE 240 by NW 237, block 17. West End
Map 1: *10.
Jacob and Ida Klein to the San Francisco Sav
ings Union, lot on W line of Falcon street. 142:11
NE of Moss alley, N W 135:1. NE 10J :2, SE
118:3, SW 75, being lot 14, block 4, Market-street
Homestead Association, deed of surrender: $ .
odd >ellows' Cemetery Association to Barbara
Miller, lot 2. plat 8, Pacific section, Odd Fellows'
Cemetery; $146.
Ar.AMF.HA COUNTY.
Charlotte Allen to B. A. HarrM, lot on E line of
Harrison street, 26 Sof Hftli, 8 37:6 by X 100,
beinz lot 7 and portion of lots 6 and 9, block 39,
Oakland: $10.
K. A. and Agnes Harris to Abraham Bercovlch,
same. Oakland: CIO.
Mary K. Wilaer to William Pierce Johnson, lot
o:i S line of M'-rrimac ttreet, 698-83 Kof Tele
graph avenue. X 75 by S 143, Oakland: «10.
Andrew and Kugenie V. sschuller, William H.
Knight (administrator of the estate of Kllza Jane
t-chuller) and Charles CL Maxon (by Commis
sioner) to Adolph C. Weber, lot on X line of Tele
graph avenue. iO. 12 s of Kd wards street, s 60.0H,
h 122.77. N 50, W 125.;- 8. to beginning, being lot
31, Pacific Theological Seminary Tract 2, Oak
land: * 2784.
amuel and Mary M. Ferris to George R. Crane,
lot on .\'K line of East Eleventh s'reet, 100 sk of
Twenty -seventh avenue, SE '25 by NX 100, bein;
lot 20, block H. map of subdivision Knowles <fc
Potter subdivision Kennedy Tract, Kau Oak
land; SflO
Johanna, Kulolph X., Kttle, Julius A., Aueustn
A., Clara K. and l'r« <leri k U. Crist to John Mole,
lot on >X line of Adeline street, 51 NE of Monroe,
JNK 80 by *E 118. being lots 19, 20, 21. nnd NE 5
feet of lot 18, map of subdivision of lots 5 and 6.
block X, lievised Map of oak-tree Farm Trac..,
Brooklyn 'township; 910.
E. 11.,I 1 ., and -t.-;i» M. stone to H. Duiard, lot 40,
block ivs. resnbdivision ot Townsite of Fucbburg,
Brooklyn Tuwnsliip: .10.
Jacob and Aline (ireenhood to George K. de
(<oiiu, all mierest in the following: Lot on 8 line
of Frederick street 143 W of Telecraph avenue,
\V 60 by 8 100. Delng portion of Campbell Tra-t:
a so lot on N line of William dtie>*t, 356 Wof
telegraph avenue, W 88:81/3. N 89:B, B KK:«U 2 , tf
to beginning, beln; portion ot Ho«an Tract; also
lot on 8K corner of San Pab o avenue and
Alden s reel, t. 100:8, s 70, thence at
right angies 2:10, M 22:7, W 75, H 25:7
to beginning, beinz portion of Whitcher Tiact :
also lot on N line of Third street, 77 t. of Adeline,
h 25 by N HX. beinv a pomun of Adeline ana
Main 1 ! tirwt Homestead, Oakland: . i < lot on
KW corner of Thirtieth a.d Magnoll . stieets, s
50 by W li>3:3. being the N half of lot 7, block
6ti2."Peralta Homestead. Oakland: SI6OO.
O. A. Lane to T. *:. Montgomery, lot on X line
of Mngnolia street. 105 >' ot Fourteenth, H 35
by X 1*28:3, block 687, subject to a mortgage for
$"l'2oo. "ak and: "HO.
Mar<uerite L. and i.I. Kenaall to Frederick P.
Kendall, loi on X line of Harrison street, 156 N of
Duranl. N 82 by t. 14tf. Cakland: $10.
M and Catherine A. McCann tv Krnest A.
Denies, lots 1, 33 and 34, b ock 681, Map of
l'eralta and renter street lands, Oakland, quit
claim deed: $10.
il. K. ssmltlison to O. A. Lane, lot on SW line of
Kast Seventeenth street. 100 N W of Fifth avenue,
NW 60 by SW 120, ulock 81, Clinton. Kait oak
land, subject to mortgage for S4000; $10.
O. A. Lane to N C. Parker, same; $10.
Build era' Contract*.
Alexander W. Wilson with San Francisco Cor
nire Works, tlnDinit, galvanfsed-lroii work, sky
lights, etc., for a . 3-story ( brick building on B\V
iorn«r of Turk and ; Taylor streets, «2.50: Bnea
& shea architects. '-■'*■■ : '-'' '
s-ame with Conlln <fc Roberts, patent chimneys,
tirep.aces, etc, for same, *2j45; same archl-
Same with C. C. Morchouse, plastering, eta,
same: 83825; same architect. '■,•'-• •■•'■"■ ■•'-• .-;
same with Kilwanl K. Henz-I, electrical work
same: 41200: stme architect. , ■ . .■ -
to. Mclotyr* with It. 1-ahy, alterations and ad
ditiouH toaon«-»tory frame uilding on S line of
Waller street.' 13: :3 Wot Fiilmore; M. J. Welch
architect: J2050.
Thomas Breen with T. K. Bassett, carpenter
worit, etc., for a two-story building o« £ line of
Fremont, 18- SK of Mission, David O. Coleman
architect :i<26Wi.r :.-■/. -.■■"• -.: ■ V
NOTICE TO MABINKBB.
A branch of the United States Hydrogmphtc
Office located in the Merchant V Exchange is
maintained In ban Francisco for the benefit of
mariners without regard to nationality and free or
expense.
Navigators are cordially Invited to viiu the
office, where complete sets of charts and sailing
directions of the world are kept on bandc or com
parison and reference, and the latest information
can Always be obtained regarding lights, dangers
to navigation and all matters of Interest to ocean
commerce.
The time bail on too of the building on Teie
graph Hill Is boisted about ten minutes before
noon, and is dropped at noon. 120 th meridian, by
telegraphic signal received each day trom the
United States Naval Observatory a. Mare Island,
Cai.
A noticn stating whether the 'Imi ball wa?
dropped on time, or giving the error, if any, ij
pubiisheJ the same day oy the afternoon paperj.
and by the morning papers the following <iay.
W. s. Hughes.
' • Lieutenant. U. 8. N., in charge.
The Tiino Ball.
Bbakch Htdrosraphio Officb, IT. S. N.-i '
MEBCHANTS' EXCHAITBK V
San Fbakcisco. May 20. 1897. )
The time ball on Telegrapn HIU was drODpei
exactly at noon to-day— c.. at noon of the l2otn
merldUu, or exactly at 8 r. m., Oreeuwlrh time.
W. s. HnaKKS.
Uentenant V. fi N.. In charze.
OCEAN STKAAI£KS.
n«te« of Depirtnre from Kan Frnnrlann.
BTKAMKK
I'RSTIXATIOS. J
■•\ . ,. •
j l-IKK.
Walla Walla
Kureka
Chllkat
Columbia. ..
Santa Rosa.
Hnmboldt..
Pomona....
IICM
l : mail I 1a.. ..
Cleveland ..
Czarina
Coos Bar- . .
Alameda.. ..
State of Cal
Corona
laantn* Bar.
Vlo <& Pet Bna
Newport
Eel 81ver.....
Portland. .v..-.
i Baa Dieco.....
| Hnmboidtßay
riumboHiß.ii
COi>» Ha.v
Vie & Pgt Snd
Seattle
| Coos Hay
Newport
I Sydney.
j Portland
I sun l»li»eo ....
May 21. tin
May 22. Sim
May 22, 9am
May 23.10 am
Ma/ 24.11 am
I Mar 24, 2pm
I May 24. in
, May 25.10 am
i May 26, 9am
i May *6. r.PM
Mhv 26.10 am
May Via Bam
May i 7. 2pm
May i'H.lt'A*
I May -.B.llam
| Pier 9
!•!« 11
Pier IS
Pier 24
Pier 11
Pier i
i l'ler9
! Pier L I
I Pier 9
Pier 2
: Piers
PMC LI
Pier 7
! Pier '24
! Pier 1 1
STEAMERS TO AKRIVK.
Belgic
Cnilkat
Santa Kosa
Hnmboldt
fniatiila.
Orizaba
Cleveland.
Arcala
i'umuiia...
Czarina
Weeott
Crescent cur. . .
Trackee
Colon
State of Cal
San Juaa
Loron.t
North Fore
Mackinaw
City Pnebla
City of Panama
Farallon
Kurelca_
Hunoi..
Colombia I
China ana Japan.. ...
Kel Kiver
san Disco _ ;.
finmboldt Bay.
Victoria & get, Sound
Mexico
Paset -ouna .'.'.
coos Bay
Humboldt Bay
Coos Bar
Crescent City..
Crescent Cltv
urays Harbor
Panama
Portland.
Panama ".".'.
ManDlego .........
Hnmboidt Bay-
Taooma _..
Victoria A Paget Soand
Panama
Yaanlna Hay.. .........
Newport.
Grays Harbor
' Portland ...
. .may si
..May 21
..May v 2
..May 22
..May 22
..May 22
..May 23
..May 23
..Mt.v 23
..May 24
..May 24
..May a*
..May 24
..May 25
..May 25
..May 26
..May 26
..May 26
..May 26
..May 27
..May M
.May 28
..May 28
..May 28
..May 30
B.U.N. AiUON AM> XUME,
VKTTWn status COAST Airi> OWWHTTO Bubvwt-
T»MB» ikd Heishts OF HIOH ASD low
watim AT ioRT POUTT, EnTKANOI to
- Hah Francisco Bat. Published bt om-
CIA I. ADTHOBITr Or THB BUPIBINTBNDJEWT.
tiovm — The high and low waters occur hi tns
City Front (Mission-street Wharf) aboiu twenty
live minuies later than ac JTort i'olnt; vie liai«tu
oi title is tiiH same at both places.
— — — — — — .
May- i 89..
Friday, May 21.
Pnnrfsea... 4.54!M00n rlsns.. 000 am
Sunsets 7. 19 j. M00n sets.
||€I^|Feet I}^l Feet Feet ™5£ Fe«
WIU "I I. W H VV ! |. vy
•-si z.16 4?? H. 524 -0.4 6.021 4.6 i ».a ; iTB
22 3.80 4. 10.24 0.2 5.47 4.!) 11.08 2.8
23 4.49 3.8 11.22 0.8 6.29 4.8
L W fl W L \V H*W ■'■
24 0.28 3.4 6.12 3.6 12.16 1.3 7.06 4.9
25 1.32 1.6 7.37 3.6 1.03 1.8 7.42 4.9
26 222 I.V! 8.41 3.7 1.44 2.4 8.15 6 1
27 3.09 0.7 9.50 3.7 2.21 a. 7 8.45 52
Wot«— In the bdotb exposltloo of tM tVies th«
•arlr morning tides an given In the left hand
column, and the successive tides of the day la th«
arder of occurrence at to tlms. The second time
column gives the second tide of the day, the third
time column the third tide, and the last or right
hand column gives th« last tide of the day, except
when mere are bnt three tides, as sometime*
•ccurs. The heights given are additions to tb«
•onndlngs on the United Bm.es Coast Survey
charts, except when a mlnns sign (— ) precedes the
height, and then the number given la subtractlv*
from the depth g!ven by ihe charts.
SUH'l'l>G LNTKLtIU£.NUIS.
Arrived.
THURSDAY. May 20.
Stmr Lapuna, Peterson, -9 hours from Eu
reka; In in b. r, to roll .nl <fc I>odje.
stmr Wash term w. Crosscnp, 7.-iVj hours from Ta
coma; 4850 tous coal, to 8 P Co. Oakland direct.
Stmr Jewel, Madsen, 42 hours from Hue
neme: produce, to Meld & Si one.
Stmr Columbia, Conway. 66Va hours from Port
land, via Astoria '6Sy a hours: pass and mdse. toO
X <fe N Co.
stmr Point Arena. Johnson, 16 noun fro a
Mendocino, ets; pass an i mdse, to Mendoclno
Lumber Co.
s nir Alex Duncan. Hinkle, 17 hours from Mod
terev; produce, to Goo ! all. Perkins <& Co.
Stmr Whltesboro, Johnson. 1;"> hours from
Wbi.esboio; r r iKs to L X White Lumber Co.
Stmr Eureka. Parsons, 72 hours from Newport
end way ports; pass and mdse, to (joodall, PerkLnj
&Co.
stmr signal, Bondpganl, 3Va days from Ho
qniam: lumber, io Simpson Lnmrer Co.
Stmr National City. Andresen. 'l'l hour* from
Rureka; lumDer. to C A Hooper <k Co.
Br snip Trafalgar, Wright, 72 days from New
castle, NSW; 2403 tons coal, to Bttlfour, Outbrie
&Co.
burlt Albert, Uriffltbs, 16 days from Honolulu;
piss and sugar, io Williams. Dimuncl & (Jo.
Bktn Gleaner. Spra^ue, 6 days trom Qrayg Har
bor; lumber, to Slmpsjn Lumber Co.
fiktn Archer, i anio;m. 22 days from Honolulu;
pass and sugar, to Welch A Co.
Bcttf Norm a, Larseo, 36 days from Tahiti; mdse,
to Wilkens & Co.
Scbr JeiiDte Wand, Christtanien, 26 days from
Kahulni; 5650 bags sngar, to Alexander <t Bald
win.
sschr Gem, Olsen, 7 days from Wlllapa Bar- j
bor; lumber, to Mmp-on Lumber Co.
Schr Ralph J Long, Isigkeit, 9 days from Wa!d- |
pore: 140 M (t lumoer. to J S Kimball.
>chr Metba Nelson. Mice. 41 days from Tacoma: |
lumter, to Dickens LumoerCo,
Schr Maxim. Olsen. 26 noun from Caspar;
147 M ft lumber, to Caspar Lumber Co.
Schr Ivy, Morcblson. 6 days from Grays Har- :
bor: .04 Mit lumber, to 8 E eJade Lumber Co. ...
>ciir Alice Cooice, Penhallow, 20 days from I
Honolulu: ■J2.11* bags sugar, to Williams, Di- !
mondifc Co.
Schr Ida McKay, Johnson, 9 days from Wll
lapa Haroor; lumber, to Simpson Lumber Co.
• Schr Abble, riansen. 28 noun from Fort Bragg;
110 M ft lumber, to Union Lumber Co.
Cleared.
THURSDAY. May 20.
Btmr Pomona, Doran. Kureka: Ooodau. Pemm
&Co.
ht gtmr China, Seabury, Yokohama and Hong- |
kong; PMH S Co.
Br stmr Wellington, Salmond, Cam ox; BDuus- i
niuir <& Co.
Stmr Walla Walla, Wallace, Victoria ana Por; ;
Townsend Goodall. Perkins 4 Co.
Br ship LJsmore, Ferguson, Glasgow; G W Me-
Near.
hailed.
THURSDAY, May 20.
6tmr Pomona, .Doran. Eureka.
Stmr Caspar, Annndsen. Caspar. :'-.??
S>tmr<»eo Loomis. Brldgett. Ventura.
Btmr North Fork. Hansen. Eureka.
Btmr Noyo, Levinson. fort Bragg
i»t-rr Corona. Jepsen San Dieso
Br stmr China, Seabury, Hongkong and Yoko
hama.
Ship Occidental. Weaver. Port Blakeley.
Shin Columbia, Nelson, Po r t Aniceles.
Schr Antelope. Anderson, Coquille River.
Schr Barbara Hernster. jansrn.Bowens Landing.
bclir Mary C Campoen. Bodega.
: 'Aelegraplno.
roisr M»T"l* May 20.-10 r. m.- Weather
hazy: wind SW veloci IB mueti
Charter*.
The Ital bark Giuseppe load? sugar at ■ Hono
lulu for .New York: bktn Uncle John, redwood at.
Eureka, for Callao.
Spoken.
May 16— 3S 29 N. long 65 09 W. ship Cyras
Wakefield, from .New York, for San Francisco
April 24— Lat 26 N, long 44 W, Br ship Frank
iatnn. nence Jan 2, tor Hull. •
May 2— Lat 46 N, lone 11 W, Br ship Latlmer,
from Antwerp, for Ban Francisco.
May 16— 49 N, long 11 W, Br bark Rollo,
from Oregon, ' for Queensto . ;
: Z>ome«tio t"<irt«.
NEW WHATCOM-Salled May 20-Sohr Glen
dale, for Sau Francisco. . - ■
SKATTLE-Arrlved May 20-Scur Challenger,
fi-om san Pedro, ■■;■-■■. . ■
TACOAIA- Arrived May 20— Ship Dashing Wave
hence May 6. . ■
Mailed May 19- Schr H C Wright, for San Pedro.
PORT GAMBLK-satied May 20— Schr Jonu D
Tallant, for San Pedro. -
Arrived May : 20-Uark Caxondelet, bence May
TATOOSH— Passed May 20-Stmr Cleveland,
from Seattle, for Sao Francisco.
BKL KlVEß— Sallea May 20-Stmr Chilkat. for
Sail K ran clseo. . - ..*..-
JCORKKA- Arrived May 20— Stmr Westporu
hence May 18.
sT PAUL-Airlved May 7-Bchr Ethel Zane,
bence Apr 20. i ii^ri lifn miiMi i nn ■ rs i l|hn|ljwil I WisJ
VENTURA— May 20-Stmr fconth
Coast, irom Eureka.
- Sailed May 20— Stmr South Coast, for Ean Fran
cisco. : ■■'! -'.">■ ' 'ujnTCTi l l >«ujhi riMin iitiramn
- hAN DlEUO— Sailed May 20— Schr Bertha Dol
beer. for Eureka. v •- - -. ■"
COOS BAY— Arrived May 20— Stmr A Blanch
ard hence May 17: schr Uoama, bence May 6.
BOWENS LANDINO-Arrtved May 20-Schr
Monterey, hen( c May 19. '
MENDOCINO— Sailed May 20-Schr Albion, for
Ban Francisco. , *■■■'
GRAYS HARBOR-Arrived 20-Bchr O M
Kel op.', hence May 6.
PORT • BLAKELEY— \rr'r»d May 20— Schr
Fanny i utard. from San Pedro. : -
AHTORIA-Arrlved May 80-Bark Aureola,
he:ice Mar 6; stmr .state of California, hence May
18. -■■; «..-- ■■,'.-■■ :.:.•: ■■■■-'- - ••■ ■■---■ ■ : ■■■
KARLUK- Arrived Apr Ship Santa Clara,
bence Mar 29: Btmr KaOlak, hence Apr 16. Apr
23-Bark Nicholas Tbayer, hence Apr H.
' BIUSLAW— SaiIed .; May 16-Bchr Way flower,
for San Francisco. -■■ ■ - • ' ' ''••■' • ' ■ >" :; ■ ■
USAL— Arrived Kay 20-«Jtmr Newsboy, hence
Mar 18. ■ ■
ASTOKlA— Arrived May 20— Baric Vidette. hce
H»v 11. .•■■■"■■ :
SEATTLE— Arrived May 20— Nor slmr Transit,
from San Jose de Guatemala. : .-.
POKT HA I LOCK— Arrived May 20— *:lir XJJ-
lebonae, hence May 2. ■■ \
J'orefgn T»»»rt«. • < /-^
AUCKLAND-Arrived May 20— Br stmr Mono- >
W pIsAGUA-Saiied prior to April SO-Br baric
PISAGUA— Paled Prt°r to April 30— Br bark
Sydenham, for Koy«l Roads.
NEWCASTLE. Arrived May 3-Brbark
Inverness-shire, from Svdncy, io load fur ban
Sal' VKRRV— In Dort Mar 27— Br ship Hav
ers?ray. for Vancouver, j
PKA..LETOI NT— Passed May 19-Br ship
Koby. from Sydney, for London.
CARDlFF— Arrived Jl»y 18— Br saip Drumbur
ton. from Or >!on. ■
FALMOUTH— Arrived May 19-B^shlp Soco
tro. nruce Deo 16. '■ '.„'*' .-
SUNDERLAND-Arrived May 17— Fr lark
Jeanned'Arc. hence Dec 5:7.
HONGKONG— sailert May 19— Br stmr Empress
of Japan, for Vancouver.
• '• ]mit"rtiiHon<.
TAHITI— Per Norma— 3l,2Bo cocoanuts.226 bis
cotton, 6 bale* wool. V 240 bass MOP shells, 28 bis
fun«ue, 640 bags fOO tous copra. .
HONOLULU— Per Archer— lo,B69 bags sugar*
200 >>Rsrs coffee. ;■ -1" 
HUENEME-Fer Jewel-2501 sis corn, 1033
sks oeans. lA bales wool, 17csh"ney.
HONOLULU— Per Albert— l9,B72 bags suear.
MENDOCINO-Per Pol. it A rena-9 kegs 1 firkin
69 bxs butter. 1 bx s -ed, 4 bdls pelts, i 24 green
Hides. 2 bdls calfskins 18 pkg< md'P. 1 bale wool,.
1 cs eggs, 29 dressed hogs, 6 chair, 53 M ft lumber,
4000 railroad ties. ' • „ ' „ ,
PORTLAND and ASTORIA-Per Columbia
-4116 sks potatoes, 3518 sks wheat. 3662 sks i! 671
qr-sks cnnaies floor. 80 sks 8J» baits wool.
1600 sk» salt. 20 bales liops. 382 sks fertilizer. 13
csesics 1670 sks -bran, 1398 cooper insrots, 1 car,
lii bdls »hooks 231 130 rolls *8J pkgs paper, 14U
sks oysters, 175 cssalmOD.
MONTEREY— J'er Alex Duncan— pkgs mdse,
4cscheose, 1 bx butler, lea confectionery. 6 sks
bones, 2 cs sho s.
Moss Landing-414 bxs butter, 16 pigs mdse, l
boggy. ' ■ ■ - " ' -
sauta (ruz-37 cs cheese. 6 bxs butter, 600 bbls
lime, 12 pkgs mdse, a bxs fish.
NEWPORT— Per Eureka— 346s sks barley.
»an Pedro -1 pkg mdse, 8 bxs oranges, 16 bxs
lemons.
Hueneme— B pkgs mdse, 1V» bxs batter.
Ventura— IS pegs mdse. z cs honey, 2 bdls hoes,
1 bx hams. 1 bx asphaltam, 1 bbl wine, 2 coops
fowl, 23 bxs oranges, 51 bxs lemons.
Santa Baroara— 'i\ p legs mdse, 141 bxs lemons,
23 bxs oranges, 8 bbls mineral water, 2 axle arms,
3 bdls iron. - . , v, 1,1
Grwioia— 3 bxs outter. Ics eggs, 1 coop fowl. {
Port Harford— l7 tubs 341/2 uxs butler. 6a cs ..
eggs, 68 picas mdse, hes honey, 6 dressed calves, 1
bx cneese, 6 bxs fish, 1 sk lead.
Cayucos— 1 tub 27 bxs butter, 1 pkg mdse, 1 bdl
dry bides, 2 bbls tallow, 33 dressed calves, 3 cs
eges.
San Simeon— 2B pkgs mdse, 6 tubs BOV2 *>xi but
ter, lcoop chickens, 6 cseggs, 15 bales seaweed,
8 dressed calves.
Conil •»*»•••»».
Per Norrna— Wilkens & Co.
Per Archer— Williams, JDimond <* Co: Welch*
Co; Castle Bros.
Per Jewel-Field & Stone; J X Axmsby A Co; 8
P Milling Co: H ltu-.ar.l.
rer Albert— Williams, Dlmond & Co: Welch <ft
Co.
Per Columbia— M P Petels: Standard Oil Co a ,
W Emmoos: ME A Wagner; Morgan Oyster Co;
Willamette Pulp <fc Paper Co: Claisop Mill to: v M
Bollman: Cutting Packing Co; H Dutard: Charles
Jacobson Co; Erlanger &Galin«;er: Z Jag^er: J
H Cain <fc Co; Lewisohn B.os; D E Allison & Co:
Clatsop Mill Co: Darbee & Itnniel; Wolf t4on: A
Wiiheim & son; McDonouKh&Runyon; James II
Bo^geis: Hulme <& Hart; Wellman. Peck & Co-. J
s:en CJLeist&Co: Moore, Ferguson <fc Co;
Otis, McAllister* Co; X Hlllens <fc Co; (eiiman
Bros: Otis, McAllister & Co; California Fertilizer
Co: Allen A Lewis: vvm Jones.
Per I'olut Arena— RossA Hewlett; Enternrise
Brewery; Norton, Teller & Co : De Bernard! A Co;
Martin, FeusierACo: HUmer. BredhoA schulz;
FBHaight: Russ, Karly A Co: ltobens A Tuit;
Übarboro A Co; H A Thompson.
P*r A Duncan— Standard Oil Co ; WF Mitchell;
Sherry, Avllla A Co: American Union Fish Co; | A
L Bryan shoe CO: N Ohlandt A Co; Hills Bros: A
W Fink: Herman Joost; HCowellACo: CarvlU*
Mfg Co; Garcia A Magglnl; Dodge, Sweeney A Co:
Norton, Tpl er A Co; Dairymen's Union: W Cluff
A Co: FT.pitz; J B Inguglla: APaladim: Mil
waukee Bre»ery: Milani A Co.
Per Eureka— Newmark A Edwards: Murphy
Varnish Co; Hilmer, ilredhofl ASchulz: Monarca
Card Mucliine Co: Standard. Oil Oo : Bachs tiros;
Dunham, Carrigan & Co: .uurpliy, Grant A Co: C L
Yates A Co: Hawley Bros: Amer Press Assn: W s
Newhali ; D X Allison >stjo ; Wood. Curtis A Co: J
Demar'inl A Co-. <J Schilling A Co; F B Halght: f
Sei 11 Co: Armour Packing Co: Getz Bros
! J lvanc%vicn A Co : Wtieaton, Broon <ECo: -;.■;,.
--! Bros >s PlHsemaun: Hilmer, iiredhoff A Schuiz: I
H Van Wink.c: Marshall A Relm.rs; A Failles; H
H SHttler ACo: Norton, leller <£ Co: Hills Bros:
Italian- Colony: crown Distillery Co: Van
Roun <a Co; H Kircbmann A Co; Dr O L Vaici: J
Wieland: Wheaton, Breon A Co; H Beveridxe; H
Clif(on: D E Allison A Co: C ii Whitney A Co; O
H Bu.r: Enterprise brewery; Western Meat Co;
Fredericks rg Brewery: Dodge. Sweeney A Co;
Chicago Brewery; F Cavagnaro; American Umoa
FlihCo: Marshall A Reimers: H N Tllden A Co;
J H Newbauer A Co: Wellman. Peck <t Co: Pacific
Coast Fish Co: O B Smith ■£ Co: Standard OH cv;
W B Sumner A Co: Chas Montirompry it Co; Labor
Kxchanee: Getzßros tSCo: Witze! A Baker: t Vr\
A Co; Marshall. Tegßttrt A Co ; Witzel it Baker: H
Meyer; Hills Bros -. C Carpy A Co: Neville A Co:
Kois A Hewlett: FBHaight: Arctic Oil Wi.rks:
Chicago Brewery: Deere Imp co; seller Bo» A
Co.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
JinilUll TheS.'S. ALAMEDA
via HONOLULU
Wjk^^ffl'E* ll3 ** Bnd AUCKLAND ioc
H^|k WLd ■ - SYDNEY, Thursday.
Pmrnim^MmM Thes.'s. alameda
fjCOHir sail- via HONOLULU
•t** laa *a"J AUCKLAND fot
L ■■ . SYDNEY, Thursday,
>twm^ninJ s.«. AUSTKALIAfOr
m^fcJM Q)[W\\\jl\\V HONOLULU onl
*39^^ ■ (cSNQwRUr- Tuesday, June 15, at
£^r^ \U|lipai«P 2p. it Special party
rates.
Line to COOLG ABDIE, Aust. ,and CAPETO W
boutti Africa.
J. D. SPRECKELS BROS. CO., Agents,
114 Montgomery street.
Freight office, 327 Market street, >an Francisco.
PACIFIC COAST_JTEAISHIP CO.
STEAMERS LEAVE BROADWAY A»«
wharf, San Francisco, as follows: -fjjnTSsr
For ports In Alaska, May 1, 6. 11, 16. %X, 2ft.
81 and every flrth day thereafter, at 9 a. it
For Victoria and Vancouver (B. C). Port Towo-
■end, Seattle, Tacoma, Everett, Anacortes an 4
New Wnatcom (lieilincham Bay, Wash.), 9a. x.
May 1, 6, 11, 16, 21, 26 and 31 every fifth day there- ■
after, connecting at Vancouver with the C P. R, .
R., at Tacoma with N. P. R. R., at tteattle with U.
N. Ry., at Port Townsend with Alaska steamers.
For JCureka, Arcata and Fields Landing (Hum-
boldt Bay), Str. Pomona it p. it, May 4, 8, is, 16,
Si). 24, 28 and every fourth day thereafter.
For Santa Crni. Monterey. San Simeon, Caynco\
Port Harford (San Luis Obispo), Gaviota, Santa
Barbara, Ventura, Hueneme, san Pedro, East Sao.
Pedro (Los Angeles) and Newport, at 9 a. m.
May 2, 6, 10, 14. 18, 22, 26, SO and every loarta
day thereafter. •-
For San Dieiro. stopping only at Port' Harrori
(San Luis Obispo), Santa Barbara, Port Los An-"
j-eles. Redondo (Los Angeles) and Newport, U
a.m. May 4, 8, 1-, 16, 20, 24, 28 and every fourth
day thereafter.
For Ensenada,'San Jose del Cabo, Masatlan, L« -
Paz and Guaymas (Mexico), steamer Orizaba, 10 ~
a. It, June 2, and 2d of each month thereafter.
'Ihe Company reserves the right to changa with-
out previous notice steamers, sailing dates and
hours of sailln?. Ticket office— Hotel, 4,
New Montgomery street.' -
aOODALL, PERKINS * CO., Gen'l Agents.
■10 Market St.. San Francisco.
THE O. R. & N. CO.
DISPATCH FAST SIEAMERSTO
FORTLAKT X>
■ From Bpear-street Wharf, at 10 a. it '
TT \ PT?/»12 Flr»t-cla8» \ Includlnj
J? AXVJM»6 Second-class /berth <fcmeal»
SCHEDULE O*' SAILINGS:
Columbia. ..... May 13. 23. June 2, 13
State of California. ...May 1& 2a June 7.17
Through tickets and throtigb bagga:« to all
Eastern polnia. Rates and folderj upon appllo*«
lion u>
F. F. CONNOR. General Aeent.
630 Market street.
OOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. superintendent
COMPAGMIKGESERAL TRA9SATLAH
Frenob Lino to Havre.
riOMPANY'S PIKB(NEW).43 NORTH JM|^
\J River, foot of Morton el. Travelers by ■wtf**JK
this line avoid both transit by English railway an f
the discomfort of crossing the channel in a small
boat. New York to Alexandria. Egypt, via Part*
first class »ItJO, second claw #116.
LA GA5C0GNE.....:... ....... ..May 29. 10A. JC.
LA TOURAINK.. Jjne .\ 10a. it
LA BRETAGNE..... June 12. 10a. J€.
LA CHAMPAGNE...:...... June IP. l'»A. St.
I LA GAKCOGNE... ;.....T»n- • 6, 10 a. it
gtT tot turther particulars apply to
- A. FORGET. Agent,
■jro. 8, Bowling Green, New Yor*. •
3. r. FUGAZI & Co., Ageata 6 Montgomery
! avenue, san Francisco.
STOCKTOI STEAMERS
Leave Pier No. 3, Washington St.. .
At o F. SI. Dally. freight received tip
; to .»:»(> P. 31.
' fj- Accommodations Reserved by Telephone
Tbe only iirn- seilluft through tlckeU and giving
tbrouga freight 1 rate* to all poima ou Vnll*/
Kallroad. BXIiAMBRSs .
T. O. Walker, '" J. I>. Pet«r«,
alary Oarratt, - City of Stockton.
'telephone Main 808. Cai. Nay. and lmpu 0*
FORC. S. SAVYYARD AID VALLEJO.
Bi'KAJIKR "MONTICELLOJ" •
Mon., Tues., Wed.. Tburs. and Rnt..
..9:46 a. it and 8:15 p. St. (9 P. m. eit. fhurs.l
Friday5..;.......^ .:....... .........1 p. 9 p J
8unday5. :........... ........ 1O:8U a. and Bp. *L
Lanaiug and ofticos. Mission Dock, I'ler A
Telt-pnone Orcen 381. .: -; v .
FOR SAS JOSE, LOS GATOS SASTACRUZ
OTKAMER ALVIBO LJiA VE^ PItH 1 Da 11 V
excepied) at 10 a. m. Alviso daily
(Saturday excepfd) at 7 p. *. Freight and
Passenger. Fare between Kan Franl !oJ aad
Alvlso, 60c; ito Bau > Jos«. 76c. Clay aL^iafi
W» W. toaaw Clara su Haa Jgsw. ». «t»fc
._ --■■ '.- - i -:■-- ■'■-■ "■■...•-.-.•-.'-■■■■.LOSS OF NEARLY
SIXTY THOUSAND
■ Another Disastrous Fire
- on Oakland's Water
. ; . ; Front.
Iflgler & Atkinson's and Mann
• & Mole's Piaiiing-Mii's
■ . Destroyed.
They Bnrned Furiously In the
js. Hish Wind Wh ca Was
Blbwing.
Oaklase Office Sax Francisco Call,)
. 908 Broadway, May 20. J
Another disastrous tire broke out on the
■waterfront this morning and in than
an hour p.-opertT valued at not less than
- 560,000 bufned to the ground.
At about '.2:45 thia morning the watch
man a: [ngler .t Atkinson's p!aning-mi!ls
discovered lire in the rear of the building.
He a: once turned in an alarm from box i
The Sixth-street engine is only three
thoefcs away and it at once re?r>onded to
the call. Before it reached the fire, how
ever, the flames had gained great head
and a second and then a general
o were quickiy sounded.
A stiff breeze was blowing and the
flames leaped in all directions and qaickiy
eted the wlioie planiiisz-miil, wc:c:i is
.irgest in the c:ty. Be:ore an-tbing
I be done to check the flames the
a ijoining planing-mili, owned by Messrs.
Mann & Mole, caugnt fire and it wa-then
seen that both were doomed. They
j d furiously as the building and every
-5 they contained were of the most in
:: Tamable nature.
Cae efforts of the department were then
■ -ned toward saving the surrounding
-riy.
I flames leaped clear across Washing
:reet and set tire to some wooden
imild:ngs, but a stream managed to pre
serve the two-story structures, with the
exception of a severe scorching.
Atjou: half a block away i- th« County
Jail, and some of the large lighted cinders
were bein? carried along by thfl
I reeze set tire to the roof of the jail. The
: was given, but a «tream had a'ready
leer, prepared and the incipient blase was
j put out.
Encinal Feeimil's adjoin the plan
ing-inii s, and several streams were di
xerted from ;ne main biaze and turned
on the feedmiils. and with such success
that the- were saved.
To the south of ihe planing-mills, how
ever, the tlames were not so well con
trolled, .and they destroyed the Coward
soap worts situated there. Two horses
were burned before they could be got out
of- the stable.
To the rear of the mills were several
small buildings, all of which are more or
less damaged, and a pile of lumber that
was piled near the mills was also con
sumed.
By 2 o'clock, the flame 3 were under ccn
trol, and half an hoar later a large bon
fire, on which several streams were play
ing, was all that remained of the two
large mills.
A fireman named Barnett was reported
to be injured, but no details of his injuries
could be obtained this morn.ng.
Tse burned district embraces two side;
of the territory between C:ay and.Wash
ineton, Third and Fourth streets. The
only remaining buildings on the block
are on the Clay-street frontage.
There was considerable insurance on the
ed bmldines, but no details are to be
had at this hour.
Conductor* Come to Town.
OAKLAND. Cal., May 20.— Ten car- |
loads of excursionists from the Con- i
duc.ors' convention arrived here to-day,. j
ani those of the visitors who did not go j
to San Francisco spent the day traveling '
| around Oakland and taking advantage of
the free ransportation extended them by !
the ssreet-railway companies. There is no
business to be transacted by them in this !
, ; , c.y, and they are all en joy themselves
as "tney see tit.
The Eastern Qnegtiori.
. OAKLAND, Cai_, May 20.-Co!oneI
• Jona P. Irish wil; give a lecture to-mor- ■
row night, under the auspices of the i
• Men's Ciub, on "The Eastern Question,";
at the Twentv-rirst-street Free Baptist
Church, r.etween San Fablo avenue and
•Bush street. As Colonel Iris!; v one of ;
j the best ported men as to the Eastern j
-' question on this coast a iarce audience of
tboss interested in this great question is ■
expected.
Graduation Dar at Snell'a.
.OAKLAND. Cal., May 20.— The com- >
■mearement exercises at Sneil's Seminary
were iieid this afternoon and Rev. Dr. J.
K. McLean conferred diplomas on the i
following graduates: Miss Elsa Eppstein ;
o Aiamedß, Mis Dylvia Knight of Salem, !
Or.. Miss Mi!a Emery Laily, Mi">s Nina
Juanita Martin and Miss Enid Yaie, of
Oakland. The motto of the class is "Ton
jours plui haut. '
■ To Protect Home Cl^ar Trade.
OAKLAND, Cal., May 20.— The cigar
makers of this city are now attempting to j
form a comb;nation to drive out Eastern j
made curars from the business in this j
city. Messrs. Fibush, Gloy and De Camp j
have Deen appointed a committee to pre
pare a report to be considered Thursday
■ night of next week at the rooms of the
Federated Trade?.
EEMAEKABLE EEGOSD.
Unprecedented Growth of the Berkeley
High School.
BERKELEY, Cai», May 20.— Berke-
Jeyans are jubilant over the showing made
by their high school this year. The school
has nine more graduates tban the Oakland
High School, the latter having seventy
three to Berkeley's eighty-two. This, in
view of the difference in population in
favor of Oakland, ia considered a remark
able showing.
In the matter of High School attend*
ance, and also in the number of students
sent to the university, Berkeley has a
unique record, which ahows the effect of
the educational and literary spirit that
prevails in the town. A greater propor
tion of students from ths grammar schools
complete High School courses in Berkeley
than in any other town in California, and
of those who receive diplomas from the j
High School the proportion who enter J
coiiege is also larger.
Last year the Berkeley High School had
nearly fifty representatives in the fresh
man class that entered the State Uni
ver»ij T . xhis year, out of the eighty-two
graduates, the number will beeveniareer.
Abopt 75 per cent of the '97 graduates of
the High School will enter the university
next August. *
.' Tne co.lafce town's heavy representation i
in t;ie university classes has a material
aHect upon university interclass politics.
In past years the southern. and Interior
counties have wielded strong inflaence,
ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
1 ut the sadden npward start of the Berke
ley High Scuool is a factor that brings tae
power to the bay count es.
Among the prospective freshmen is Roy
I. Woolsey, who is declared to be one of
the best aJ-round athletes in California.
He will be a valuable addition to the
track and field team of California next
year.
Efcaped Drowning.
BERKELEY, Cal., May 20.-S. Fisher
of West Berkeley had a narrow escape
from drowning yesterday afternoon.
Fisher and a party of friends were bath
ing near Bath Beacri. Fisher, who is not
an expert swimmer, Ventured beyond his
depth and became exLausted.. His cries
for help were heard, and he was rescued
by his friends.
TABLE POE OFFICE - SEEKERS.
It Shows Just How Soon All Fottofflces
Will Be Vacant.
OAKLAND, Cal., May 20. — OTce
seekers who are anxious to become post
master- will no doubt be interested in
knowing the date at which the various ap
\ ointees were nominated by the ex-Presi
dent. As the declared policy of President
McKinley is not to remove incumbent!
until they have served four years from the
date of tueir last commission, it is neces
sary to add four years to the time men
tioned in the following list to know when
each office in Alameda County will be
vacant.
Postcffice. Incumbent. Appointed.
Ann Roy C. WaUins.... June 9,1896
Alameda T. C saoddara Sept. 32, 1893
Altamont.. ._... H. Ondenterchen.. April 14, 1594
Alvarado E. A. Rlci)niond...Sept- 26, 1877
Berkeley O C.Vincent Oit, 1.1898
Centerville F. T. Dusterberry .Dec. 19. lh»:i
Decoto. Sarah E. King June 2«, 189b
Dtmcnd. L. K. Hansen Aug. b, 1863
Dougberty. Ueorge Kolb Jan. 18, 1h96
Klmhurst". W. Me Alison. ..Oct. 11. 1595
tmervville Jnd C. Cobarn >'ov. '26, 1387
Frnltvale. Geone E. Lut.d....Au«. 16. 1595
uo.'d n <iate Sarah Yonrg Feh. JV, lbV>s
Hay wards. Jobn Obermuler...aiar. 7, 1894
Jrvingtou R. B. crowell Oct. 21,1893
Uvermore. D. J. Jturphy Mar. 7,1894
L«rm John M. Jireen Nov. 80, 1895
Melrose G. W, Darwin Sr..Jan. 2-. 1891
Midway A. O. B»rthold sep;. 1895
Mti'.s colle?e. >. l_ Mils Bee. 7, 18b8
Mlss.ou San Jose E. J. Briscoe Dec. 19. IHB3
Mount Eden H. L. Poterman....Feb. Vb, 18»1
Newark A. l- Munyan Mar. 12, 1&9B
Ni!*s J K. Briscoe Ja y 6, 1883
Norttj Temescal.M. Burdici Aug. 11, 1-94
Oak'and J. J. Whlce June 11. 1»94
HeriKa F. M. O'.-elll Jan. 13, 1594
I':easantor J. Carr July 14. 1896
Sanl^aniro \V. F. Marlante Apritl6. lSt>6
San Lorenzo H. W. Robde Jnly 27. 3 893
SunolGlen G. E Elemea < ct. 26. lt-93
\\ arm Spr:ngs. . . H. H. stelnmetz...June 27, 183">
"West Bericeley..C. Tea?ue Dec 4,1895
BUSY EPWORTH LEAGUE.
Reports Submitted by D2legates
From All Parts of the
State.
j A Tennessee Orator Lrctares oa the
Early Trials and Conqa?sts
cf Methodism
Oakland Office Sajt Fbascisco Call, J
903 Broadway, May 20. j
The «econd day of the annual confer
ence of the Epworth League of California
1 was opened this morning by Miss Clara
: Fisher of Cntco.
Following the opening exercises reports
were read from a number of the leagues,
all of which showed that the work in this
State is being prosecuted with vigor and
success. The following delegates reported
concerning the towa whence they came:
AJaroeda, Mrs. W. A. Wright; Bear Valley.
C. H. ild-aailand; Blacks, Bertha La Bue;
Colusa. Minnie Spect; Cnico, H. P. Daly; Hoi
lister, Kate Boyns; Fresno, Lelia Shipp; Dow
ney, SaliJe Barrett; Monntain View, K-.v. W.
A. Uooher; Linden, F. C. Huntemauu; West
Park, Re% l\ j. Pendergrast; Ukiah, W. G.-
Poage; Woodland, MaeCummini; Lo« Bano< r
F. S. =>mith; S:ockion, Birdie Ben'oa; Wil
i lows, Ella Collins; 9m Bernardino, T. W.
i Duckworth; Lincoln, Mrs. L. C. Reniro: Graf-
I ton, Miss Majrgie MeCiintock; Salinas, Ida
; Ivecs; i-elma, L. J. Shaman; Los Angeles,
Trinity, Beilevue, Mateo and West Eaa, >".
i »wby; West End, also Mrs. Brown; Carpen
teria. Rev. M. B. Snarbroueh; Sacramento, C.
W. McDonald; Wocdvilie, Maria Blair; Oak
land, ilercy Tuck.
This evening the exercises were particu
larly interesting. The special feature
was the joint meeting of the State confer
; ences wi:h the Alamecia County Epworth
League Alliance, at which Leaguers from
the iilteen leagues in Alameda County
were in attendance.
The public were admitted to the address
of General Secretary S. A. Steele of Nash
ville, Term. He spoke on "Pioneers of
Methodism in America." Tui« lecture
deals with the ear:y struggles of men and
women who planted the foundation of
Methodism on these shores many years
ago. He told of the difficulties they en
countered, the opposition and persecution
to which they were subjected, and of how,
finally, they came to b? the most popular
church in the country.
Dr. Hteele is an orator of marked power,
an 4 his lecture was heartily enjoyed by
the targe audience.
To-morrow night there will be a plat
form meeting:. The following programme
will be carried out during the day.
Friday— 9 A. M., song service, led by Miss
Mary Anderson ot Alameaa; 9:30, address,
-How to Work the Charity and Help Depart
men: to Better Advantage," by fl. A. Atkinson
of Santa Rosa; 10. discussion ; 11, "The Rela
tion of the League to the Associated Chari
ties" by W. H. Waste of Oakland; discussion.
No ses«ton In the afternoon. Delegates rivlt
San Francisco, Berkeley, Haywards and other
places of interest.
7:30 P. X-, sone service, conducted by Rev.
R. 5. jsoyer of Modesto; 8, plaiform meeting,
speakers: Epwortb League.' Miss Fanny Lon?
of the Epwortn League Alliance of Aitmedt
County; Y. P. ?. C. X . B.J. Waters, president
of Oakland <'i:y Christian Endeavor Union ; Y.
M. C A., S. W. Condon, assistant City Attorney
of Oakland: B-otherhocd of St. Andrew.
George E. BeTineti of Pt. Stephen's Church;
Sau Francisco Baptist Union, Charles East
man of California College.
DINING THE CONDUCTORS.
Over One Thousand Seated at the Ban-
quel-Table.
OAKLAND, Cal., May 2a— There was a
pleasant and appreciative audience at the
reception given by the Ladies' Auxiliary
ol the Order of Railroad Conductors io
the delegates from San Francisco, at Mag
nolia Hall, corner of Seventh and Mag
olia.street?.
The visiting conductors, several hun
dred in number, headed by F. C. Smith
and M. E. Twiss, arrived fsom Ban Fran
cisco in good season and were escorted to
the hall by a committee, where the ladies
were in waiting to receive them.
Among those in charge of the arrange
ments and the banquet which followed
were: D. H. Kehenoerger, Mrs. T. E.
Gaitber, G. E. Pelton. F. Ackerman, Miss
Grace LaufTer, Mips Ruth Gaither, Frank
P.urnb, George F. Gaiiher, Mrs. Thomas
McCord, Mr?. Thomas McClure, Mrs.
Huty, Mrs. Charles Shu, Mr?. Ackerman,
Mrs. J. L. Whis*en, Mrs. Ruth Purn, Mr;.
Peter Carbell and others.
There were 10GQ guests present, and
many more than the great banquet board
would accommodate at one time.
F. C Smith presided and made the
opening speech. Mayor W. R. Thomas
also addressed the meeting.
Grand President Mrs. Moore of the L.
A. 0. R. C. made a few remarks, as did
also Mrs. Sewali. M. E. Twiss and F.
Plumb. The reception was voted a great
success.
A Tonne Burjlar.
Charles Hardy, a boy 10 yean of age, was
booked at the City Prison last night by De
tective Reynolds on the charge of burglary.
He had a raise key and opened the door of one
of tile rooma la the Lurline Baths ana stole 30
cents from a lady's dress. Several articles had
been stolen from the rooms and tba police had
been communicated with.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FBJUAr, MAY 21, 1897.
NO MORE LUNATICS
IN FELONS` CELLS
A Demented Mother Hu
manely Cared For at
the Hospital.
Mrs. Lolz Takes an Aversion
to Her Attractive
Daughter.
-_• . .. -±~
She Willingly Consents to Have Her
Little One Taken From Her and
Sent Home.
Oailas d OrricE Sait Fbancisco Call,)
908 Broadway, May 20. )
The first insane patient to be taken to
the Receiving Hospital under tee decision
rendered by the District Attorney re
cently is Mrs. Anna Lotz, who was broaght
to the hospital by Constable Kocn to-day
Mrs. Lotz is the subject of a very peca
liar hallucination. Her trouble is not at
all of a violent character, but she has a
most unnatural abhorrence of her eldest
daughter, who is but 16 year* of age and is
a very quiet, attractive jsirJ.. The mother
cannot bear tbis girl near her, ana mani
fests the same symptoms when her daugh
ter is around as a person afflicted with
hydrophobia shows toward water.
Mrs. Lotx is also the mother of a little
girl 3 years of age, and wben brought to
the hospital her child was brought with
her. The mother manifested great affec
tion for the little girl, but after a few
hours some of the feeling that she enter
tained toward her older girl showed itseif
in regard to the younger one, and she was
quite willing that it shoula be taken from
her and sent home.
The affl cted woman lives at Temescal
and her husband is employed in Oakland.
His circumstances were not such as to
permit him to keep his wife at home and
he reluctantly permitted her to be taken
to the hospital. Her case marks a new
era in the treatment of the insane in Aia
raeda County. But for the new law the
unfortunate woman would have been
forced to occupy a cell in the County Jail.
In past years much criticism has been
made on the fact that there were no prorer
conveniences at the County Jail for the
retention of prisoners charged with in-an
ity. The; have been asked to
provide suitable quarters, but, owin.s to
the uncertainty oi the standing of luna
tics prior to their commitment, the Sup
ervisors did not fe^l inclined to incur any
such expense. Under the ruling of the
District Attorney they are now free to act,
and Mrs. Lotz, instead of being confined
in a jail with criminals because of her
mental misfortune, is at the Receivinz
Hospital being properly cared for and
under the special charge of an official ap
pointed for the purpose of looking after
the insane.
Mrs. Lstz will be kept in the hospital
for a few days before being taken to the
Commissioners, and the doctors bope that
with a littie rest her ca«e can bo cured.
Dr. Stratton says that the humane metnod
of dealing with a suspected lunatic is to
be hiehiy commended compared with the
old style. _^__^__
ENTEEPEISING "SWEEPS."
They Tried a X«w Swindle to "Raise
the Wind."
ALAMEDA, Cal., May 20.— A. Groom
ana W. E. McPhail, chimney-sweepers
from West Oakland, are under arrest here
for a disturbance of the peace of Mrs. John
Gillam, livingon Buena Vista avenue, near
Oak ?treet.
It appears tnat they went about town
yesterday aid representingh tat they were
inspactors aDpointed by the Fire Depart
ment insisted upon making examinations
of flues and chimney and offered to clean
them for a fee of $2 50. Mrs. Giliam re
sisted their demands and the fellows made
a great ado, one of them who had passed
himself into the honse vroing so fsr as to
tear down the paper screen in front of a
grate and insisted upon ti.e cleaning of a
chimney ia wheh there has not been
smoke from a fire in ten years.
The police believe these fellows have
been working their swindle about town
generally. It is known that Frederick
Sunkell, a gardener oi 2208 Railroad ave
nue paid them a reduced fee of $3 to in
spect and clean two chimneys in bis house.
DUlocatad Her Neck.
ALAMEDA, Cal., May 20.— Miss Emilia
Koppitz of Berkeley, but formerly of this
city, met with a singular mishap on Tues
day last and received an injury which is
considered a remarkable one in medical
•cience. While at the toilet she turned
her head sharply with the result that the
neck was dislocated.
She is a sister-in-law of Captain W. F.
Chipman and a member of the well-known
family of musicians. She has been com
ing to Alameda for treatment and the dis
location has been part.'a-ly reduced.
The Gibbons Funeral.
ALAMEDA, Cal., May 20.— The funeral
this forenoon of the late Dr. William P.
Gibbons was with Maso-uc honors and
was larsely attended. Z. T. Giipin, the
worshipful master of Oi»land lodge, pre
DESIGN FOR THE NEW ST. JOHN'S CHURCH.
OAKLAND, Cal., May 20.— The trustees of St. John's are trying to arrive at a
conclusion regarding the plans which shall be selected for their new church at
Eighth and Grove streets. Many design-! have been submitted, some of them
exceedingly pretty and commodious. One of them is that printed above, which
was submitted by D. F. Oliver, an Oakland architect, and has been very favorably
criticized. The trustee-: are attempting to incorporate in their new building all the
necessary equipments of a first-ciasa modern Episcopal chnrch and at the same
time keep the cost within the limit of the fund in hand, so that the new St. John's
will not start on its mission overburdened with debt.
sided at the rites. Judge John Ellsworth
and Edwin A. Sherman pronounced eulo
gies. The pall- bearers were: Drs. G. P.
Reynolds and C. H. Lubbcck. represent
ing the medical fraternity; E. A. Sher
man and C. H. Lubbock tbe veieran
Masons; Joan H. Xobrrann. Oak Grove
Lodge of this city, and H. S. Tuttie, Oak
land lodge F. ami A, M., which had
charge of the funeral. Ths deceased was
one of five survivors of the fourteen char
ter members who organized Oai Grove
Lo ige in 1871. The four survivors of the
quintet are t. Minor Smith, John H. Nob
mann, Frank Haliy and Fritz Boehmer.
IltMi
ALAMEDA. Cal., May 20.— The annual meet
ing of toe AlamedaCity Junior Christian En
deavor Union wili be held on Saturday after
noon at 2 o'clock at the United Presbyterian
Churcn. ilr-. L. Baxley, superintendent of
the Junior Union, will assist in the exercises.
Captain Martin Beck and Miss Emma C.
Tylleson were married last evening at 1209
Eagle avenue.
Yosemito Council, J. O. U. A. M., Is preparing
to eiye a dance at Blandi-.;e Hall on the even
ing oi Jun« 4.
A*-;s;p(i by West E::d Lodge, Minerva Lodge,
No. 33, Degree oi Honor, A. O. U. W. , wiil give
an t-:.uTtainme:it a;:d ball on next Saturday
evening, at Encinal Hall, in celebration
of its seventh anniversary.
A party consisting of Mr. and Mri. P. S.
Teller, Mr. and Mrs. G. T. Wright, Mr. and
Mrs. E. H. Swayne and Dr. and Mrs. C. L. Tis
dale will leave> to-morrow evening for Stock
ion, there to take two conveyances for a trip
to and camp in Yosemiie Valley.
The Bay farm Island school has ten pupils,
taught by a teacher wuo is paid $50 a month.
President Scott of the Board of Education
thinks it would be cheaper for the department
to hire a bus to bring the children aaiiy into
town, where they Jiay receive the benefit of
graded schools which is not accorded them on
the Island.
According to private advices. Rev. A. T. Per
kins, formerly rector oi Christ, was beaten on
the head with a bludgeon while a bom to enter
a bank in Chicago to make a deposit of money.
He was ren<lertd unconscious for several
hours alter the assault, and at the time of tae
writing of the letter w;is still suffering from
tne effects. Mr. Perkins is engaged :n the
Kast in introducing his patent for preserving
fruit by means ot sterilized air.
ACMES` NEW CLUBROOMS
Some Good Bcxing Will B3 the
Feature for the First Gen*
tlemen's Nght.
From the Swimmng Tank to the
Skylight Everything Is Mod.
em anJ Complete.
Oakland Office Sa>- Feancisco Call,)
908 Broadway, May 20. f
In a few days the Acme Club will move
into their beautiful headquarters in the
new Abrahamson block at Thirteenth and
Clay streets.
The four-story brick block waich has
been erected during the past few months
is being rapidiy tiniahe-J, and the di
rectors are now busily discussing the na
ture of the opening ceremonies. They are
determined to rut up such a programme
a« «ri I sive the club a boom all over tbe
coast, and it is possible that three of their
best boxer- 1 will be matched against three
members from different well-known clubs
in the S*ate.
The men who may be put forward on
behalf of the Acmes are Bert Brown,
Charley Tye and Ed Smith, and they are
well known a- amateurs who are able to
present first-class sport against any ami
tears on the const.
As soon as possible the buildings will
be declared open to the public for inspec
tion and a general invitation issued to
view and criticize the club's quarters. The
location is excellent, as it 49 situated in
the heart of the City, within a block of ail
the streetcar lines. The club is confident
that a more commodious and better ar
ranged atnietic home could not be desired.
The spacious gymnasium nearly equals in
size that of the Olympic Club, and is said
to be the best on the coast as regards light
and air. The swimming tank is 45x15 feet,
with a depth of four to eight feet.
The handball court has been made of
eood size because of the growing feeling
in^favor of the sport among the members.
Special attention has been given to its
ventilation and lighting, and it is ex
pected that it will be the best patronized
room in the building.
The social element of the club has not
been neglected, and the first floor has been
set apart for the purpose of providing
comfortable quarters for the members who
delight in billiards and pool. The c!nb is
now somewhat at a disadvantage because
of the preparations to move, but in c
short time the apparatus will be set up in
the new home, where there will be ample
accommodations for all of the members.
G. .« . K. Ladies' Trade Demonstration.
OAKLAND, Cal., May 20.— Pbil Sheri
dan Council No. 5, Ladies of the G. A. R.,
will give a trtde demonstration at Lorin
j Hall next Tuesday evening. Members of
the corps wili be in costume and represent
some trade or mechanical calling, and tie
literary and musical exercises will conform
to the leading feature of me programme.
Viennese Garden ConceiMion.
OAKLAND, Cai_, May 20.— The direc
i tors of the exposition are debating as to
i whether or not it would be advisable to
grant a concession for maintainine a
miniature Viennese garden with the expo
sition /rounds. There is some doubt as
to whether this would meet with the ap
'•■ proval of many of those who support the
exposition, and the matter has Been left
I over for one week.
Belgium has followed the example of
Italy in adopting twenty-four-hoar time
on the railroads and in the post and tele
grapn offices.
SOCIETY HAILS
FABIOLA`S DERBY
The Popular Institution
Expects a Generous
Benefit.
Many Gay Turnouts Promised
for the Ncontime Floral
Parade.
Resplendent in Colors and Flowers
It Will Erive Out lo the
Racetrack.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call. )
908 Broadway, May 20. )
Mrs. William Letts Oliver, 1110 Twelfth
street, Has been delegated to receive tbe
notices of all those who wish to partici
pate in the decorated parade of carriages
next Saturday, on the occasion of tbe
Fabiola derby at the racetrack.
Some of the carriages will be decorated
very elaborately, and many banners will
be woven with satin, the colors of the
Fabiola, blue and white, or of Derby day,
red, or of the Jockey Club, orange and
black.
W. V. Witcher and H. 0. Trowbridge
have been appointed a committee to have
charge of the meet. Leaders in society on
both sides of the bay and from surround
ing towns and cities have already signi
fied their intention to participaje in the
parade for the lenetit of Fabioia.
The young men who figure prominently
in society have constituted themselves
missionaries to arouie interest among all
those having horses and carriages, and
are reporting great success.
The procession will form at 1 o'clock at
Fourteenth and Harrison streets, and, ac
companied by music, will pass through
the principal thoroughfares of the City
and then drive out to the racetrack.
Many ladies ana gentlemen have taken
bundles of tickets to dispose of for the
races, and should the present fine weather
continue there will no doubt be a great
crush at the track. It is the only benefit
Fabiola will receive in the place of the
Siayday fett, which usually produced
several thousand dollars, and tue ladies
are anxious to make the Derby day as
profitable to the institution.
President Williams has arranged for six
first-class races and has provided a good
purse for each. A. that the ladies have
to do is to arouse enthusiasm, dispose of
the tickets and carry home with them the
entire receipts at the sate o: the race
traa on Saturday evening. No attempt
has been made to declare a general holi
day on Derby day, but the town will be
during the middle of the day en fete.
IEOM GLEE TO MOUBNING.
Commencement 2 xerciiei Changed to
Funeral Serrices.
OAKLAND, Cal., May 20.— One of the
most solemn services ever conducted in a
school was the programme substituted to
night at Anderson's Acadamy for the
usual graduation exercises. James Larue,
one of the young men who lost his life by
the wreck ot the Regina, was to have been
a graduate. He passed his examinations
well and was next to the highest on the
list.
The usually gay ceremonies were en
tirely aispensed with and the tall was
draped with black, as was the desk of the
missing graduate. A memorial service
was held and Raymond T. Baker delivered
the valedictory. Ho said:
Verily do the word 3 of holy writ find expres
sion in all the walks oi life, "In the midst of
life we are in death." How forcibly is tbis
quotation ushered upon our classmates when
we are called to a realisation of the fact that
James Buaklrk La rue baa laid doyn bis bur
den on the wayside and surrendered to the
arch enemy of mortality— that sickle which
leaves no spear untouched — the reaper of
death. But yesterday all was buoyancy and
hop* in the bright future Wiiich smiled upon
his efforts. To-day the somber weeds of
mourning for a life that is past is all mat
mortaluv can bestow upon the memory of one
who is dear to ail ot us and wnose sudden
flight from this edrthly pilgrimage was not
only a shock to his classmates, but a heart
rending message to his large circle of ac
quaintances who were dearly bound to him by
the strongest ties of friendship.
Brother Larue — for we nave all been broth
era for the past year— was especially popular
with his feliow-students. Hewas generous ;in
thought, kind in action and was beloved by
all. He was always alive to every sport wmch
animates the springtime of life, (earless as a
lion and gentle as a lamb among liU com
panions. Thus his kindly natur* endeared
nlm 10 every member of his clas.«, and his un
timelr taking off haa rendered the exercises
to-night more of the character of a funeral
pall than the brignt nnd inspiring ceremonies
which generally characterize the commence
ment exercises of this and similar institutions
of learning. His chair Is vacant, the wreath
which tonight would have been added to his
scruilof lame as a reward of merit for many
weary days of toil will scon be placed upon
the grassy tomb, whose curtain never outward
swings.
But, fellow-students, words are Idle to ex
press the emotions of a bieedirm heart. I fully
realize the loss that we have all sustained by
this sad calamity, and I can only in conclu
sion say that while we mourn his loss and ex
tend our heartfelt sympathy to his relatives
and friends we shall cherish his memory
among the valuable archives of our happy
schooldays and ever recall his many virtues
as a companion and a faithful ana devoted
classmate ar.d friend.
THE McKENZIE MUSICALE
Miss Anoeta George Made a
Promising Debut Last
Night.
A Crowded House Greeted the Sixth
Concert of This Most Popular
Society.
The sixth annual invitation mnsicale and
hop of the McKenzie Musical Society took
place last evening at Odd Fellows' Hall,
which was crowded to the doors. The
programme was a good one, with some
excellent numbers. The most interesting
event of the evening was the debut of
Miss Anneta George.
Miss Georjre has a good voice and a par
ticularly expressive and pleasing tace.
She sang tne "Aye Maria" adapted to
Maacasrni's famous "Intermezzo Cavaile
ria." She was loaded with floral offerings
aud finally obliged to repeat her solo.
J. P. Grodjins, the promising barytone,
sans one of McKenzie's songs. "Lore Me
Forevermore," in his usual finished man
ner, and for an encore Baife's "In Happy
Moments." "Louisiana Love, 1 ' arranged
for chorus by McKenzie, was one of the
most popular numbers on the programme.
Miss Minnie Powell sang White's pretty
walizsong "When the Snow Begins to
Fall," and yielding to persistent demands
sang "Killarney."
The other soloists were Juanita Coad,
who sang "An Outd Plaid Shawl," and
Charles L. L >ng, who sang for the first
time here "WalKs My Love in her Gar
den Fair," by Crosby.
, In South Africa there is race of cats
which, uo not Know how to mow.
Auction Sales
EDWARD S. SPEAR ft CO..
Auctioneers. 31 and 33 Satter StreaS.
Telephone— Main 51 SI.
TRUSTEES' SALE OF THE STOCK AND
FIXTURES OF A SALOOS.' V.
" TO-MORROW,
Satardar..... • May 23, 1897,
At 12 o'clock ici
We Will Fell the Stock and Fixtures of the
SAVOY SALOON,
NO. 34 MONTGOMERY' STKEET,
COMPRISING ..
One fine Counter and back Bar, with French plate
Mirrors, Kngravinj.% Uil-paimlngs, Oas and E!ec-
trJc Fixtures. Fine Wines and Liquors, Glass and
j Plated Ware, Lunch-counter. Kau c. two Glass
Swinging Doors aod oa< Cigar Wall lue, five
Nickel-in-the-slot Jfachines. Card Tables, etc.
£DWAKD S. SPEAK & CO.. Auctioneers,
'■■... 31 and 33 i-ntter St.
.1
BICYCLES! BICYCLES! BICYCLES!
At PuMlc Auction.
I WILL SELL TO-MORROW.
May 22, 1897, at 2 r. x., en premises,
1744 Market. Cor. A"a» Ne*« At«. .
I Tne contents of the Perkins Cjcle Company,
consisting of 60 Ladies' aod Gents' Hlgb-Grade
Eagle Bicycles and 3 Eagle Tandems: Bicycle
Suits; Stockings; Caps; Sundries; pri«ht and
Oval Showcases; Safe; Coanters; She.ving. etc.
Also special attention called 10 the Manufacturers*
Outfit, which consists of 1 Prentice Screw-cutting
Lathe, which cost $200; Vises; iurnaces: acorn-
ple.e kit of Bicycle Tools. Don'c forjet the date,
Saturday. Kay 2., 1397, at -p. m. Wheels are
now ready for Inspection. Termi ca^h.
s. BASCH. Auctioneer.
319-321 Sntter st. : teL Grant 87.
TRANS-MISSISSIPPI
CONGRESS NEARS
The Call for the Salt Lake
Session Reaches This
City.
California's Pure Food Move
ment Will Bs Boosted Into
National Fame.
Things of Sta'e Interest Pending, As
Is Also a Fight to Bar the
Silver Issu?.
Now tbe Trans-Mississippi Congress of
1897 comes to the front with much signifi
cance to California.
It will convene in Salt Lake City on
July 14, and with the near approach of the
time the official call and other stirrings to
activity have been sent out from St. Louis
by H. R. Whitmore, chairman of the
executive committee, ana W. H. Cuimer,
secretary.
The official calls, with accompanying
circulars and personal letters, hare within
the past day or two been received by W.
L. Merry, secretary of the Chamber of
Commerce, Julian Sonntag, secretary of
the Manufacturers' and Producers' Asso
ciation and twice secretary of the con
gress, and by others concerned. Salt Lake
citizens are just bestirring themselves
with preparations for the great meeting.
This year's meeting of this body will
be as important to California interests as
any that has been held, and perhaps more
so, and there will be a considerable and
an influential delegation from this State.
It is likely that the Trans-Mississippi
Congress of this year will be the instru- j
ment that will magnify the California I
pure food movement into a National one. j
It is the purpose of President Kerr and '
Secretary Sonntag of the Manufacturers' ;
anfl Producers' Association and others to I
ur;*e this pure food campaign before the
Trans-Missis3ippi Congress and boost it
along to Washington in quest of National
legislation and National inspection of
foods.
The local agitation has already borne
National fruit in the establishment here
and at Tacoma of inspectors of tea, and
the "sheepdip," "pare California brandy,"
now being quarreled over, as another re
sult will likely be settled at Washington.
California' -s pure-food agitation may be
exalted at Salt Lake City.
Another matter that California dele
gates will present will be the one of con
vict-made poods in competition with
manufacturers employing free labor.
Many ail over the country who are in
terested in the Trans-Mississippi Coneress
are wondering if it will roar about silver
again this year. At former sessions. De
fore the silver question became a partisan
one, the congress declared itself emphat
ically for silver, but now the matter has
been thrashed through a political cam
paign and been dipped in gall.
William J. Bryan is the president, who
will call the convention to order, and
some doubt the ability of Mr. Bryan and
some others to keep the silver question
out of anything.
And then there is beet sugar. Tbat is
going to be a big subject at the congress
now, when a tremendous development of
this industry all over the West has just
begun; and to no State does it mean so
much as to California. The Hawaiian
question will assume a Digger importance
man ever before, ar.d will undoubtedly
cause an earnest and heated discussion.
Trade with Mexico and with China an! '■
Japan, arid lands, raniee culture and Ja
panese competi:ion are among ihe other
matters to come up in which California is
largely interested. Tne objects of the
congress are to secure National legislation
tbat will promote the interests and deve
opment of the West.
The executive committee has suggested
in advance the following questions fur '
discussion and resolution:
Tbe Tr*ns-M!ssl3Blppl International Expoai- ;
tion, the Nicaragua Canal, the Hawaiian Qn.es- 1
lion, Irr.gation, the Cession ol Arid Lands to I
the Btate, Immigration to the Western States, |
Restriction of Immigration. Japanese Compe- !
tition, the Disposition of Public Land*, Res- ;
toration of tbe Homestead Policy. Admission
of Territories.io Statehood, Agricultural Inter- ■
ests, the Culture of Ratnee, Beet Sugar Indus
try, Export of Breadstuff i to China and Japan,
Preservation of Forests, National Bankrupt
Law, Construction and Improvement oi Wa
terways and Deep Harbors, Rail and Water
Communication With the Seaboard, Preven
tion of Damage by Floods in the Mississippi
and Other Rivers, Our Trade With Mexico.
Delegates are to be appointed by Gov
ernors, Mayors, county governments and
business organizations according to a ba
sis of representation given.
HUNDREDS HOAXED.
Ticket* Sold for a "Take" Excursion
to AcriruUural Park, San
Jose
A large number of people who went to
the Southern Pacific depot at Third and
Townsend streets yesterday morning
with tne intention of boarding an excur
sion train for Agricultural Park, San Jose,
were surprised and disgusted when they
found there was no train for them.
.Each! bad a ticket lor which $1 had been
paid, and it represented that it was for a
grand excursion under the auspices of the
Mutual Political Club. H. P. Ryan, chair
man, and D. B. Stewart secretary.
The ticket agent at the depot communi
cated : with General Passenger Agent
Goodman, who pronounced tne tjciets
' CHAS. LEVY & CO.. ACCTIOJEESI
balesrooras— 1 1.1.1 "far ket stress.
„ THIS DAY. • "-■ '
FR1DAY................ .......3tay 21, 1897.
At 10 o'clock a. if., at salesroom.
i 1135 MARKET ST.. 15ET 7 TH * BTH.
j „ „ WI WII.I. SELL ..
1 2 Square P!a::o<. 1 Uckcrlns snake; 4 Folding
j Beds: Mantel Mirrors; . Carpers ana an elegant
line of Furniture, Stoves, Kanges.-etc.
i ChAS. LkvT & cv, Auctioneers.
GRAJD AUCTIOS
: THISDA\ (FRIDAY)... ......at 11 A. M.
126 FOLRIH Si., NEAR MISSION.
FRANK W. BUTTKKFIKLD, Auctioneer.
■ . 602 Market street.
CREDITORS' SALE.
~*sM^& I^^^
STOCK OF D. C. SPAILDHC, Insolvent.
AT
salesrooms. Cor. 15th and Valencia sts., S. F.,
TO-MORROW.
Saturday May 'J3, 1897,
1 At 10 O'clock A. k.
By order of the asslgcee we wIU sell at auction
In separate lots -34 Rigs of all descriptions, con-
sisting of Hack*. upes, Wagonettes. Open and
Top Snrreyt. Kockaways. Phaetons. Open and Top
Buggies. Carts, Farm W'agona, Fruit Waeons, De-
livery Wagons, Milk Wagons; 150 Sets New aua
Second-hand Harness, Saddles, 10 J Dozo.i Whips,
300 Kobes. Blankets, etc.; Safe. Desk, Otttce Fur-
niture, Lease, etc.
N. H.— Sale positive; no reserve or limit what,
ever. We ca'.l the special at:eniion cf dealers
liverymen and anyone wanting a rig of any
description whatever, as this will be a aughter.
Opeu lor inspection three days before sale.
bULLIVAN * I'OYLE
Offlce— 327 Sixth St. Livestock Auctioneers.
forceries. The matter was reported 10
police headquarterb, and ca^iain iSohen
dotaileu ■ detective on tbe case.
The detective reported last night that
the tickets were sold by a man named E.
D. Haniey, representing himself as be
longing to tbe Sheriff s office. He is de
scrioed as between :>3 and 4.» years of asre,
stocky build, 5 feei 8 inches tall, light
complexion, ltgnt hair and mustache,
steel-gray sack suit end Fedora hat to
match, a good talker and gentlemanly in
appearance.
Among his victims were C. Lathrop,
Academy of Sciences building, who bought
two tickets ; Dr. Law, Vallejo street and
Van Ness avenue, ten tickets, and Dr.
Popper, 318 Kearny street, one tcke'.
XEW to-dat:
Htbletes Say
I that there is more nourishment in
i one cup of ■
GHIRARDELLI'S COCOA
I
j than in a pound of beef steak.
The recent University of Califor-
nia's test placed but one food above
Cocoa for fat forming elements.
Ghirardelli's Cocoa is fresh, pure
and strong. '■ . . .
32 cups, 25c. ... All Grocers.
T'JiO
WEEKLY
G7ILL
. WILILI
©/ It Publishes the Cream of. the
q) . News of the Week and
cJ MANY ATTRACTIVE AND
.o^ ORIGINAL FEATURES.
°( IT IS THE BEST WEEKLY
©< PAPER ON THE
• J PACIFIC COAST
2 \ /
~) The Best \ / Mining
*~» Telegraphic \/ News That
°\ Service on / /\ Is Accurate
ex "The Coast / \& up to date
©J / \
o^ Not a Line of it Sensational
o/ or Faky, and Not a Line of
L) it Dry or Uninteresting.
iCX Bright, Clean, A Champion of f
jj Thoughtful. Truth.
3 A CAUFORNU NEWSPAPER
*J ALL THE TIME.
3IT ADVOCATES SENT BY
rj HOME MAIL, SI.SG
I <=X INDUSTRIES A YEAR.
2 THE GALL SPEAKS FOR ALL
i
a Gibbon's Dispensary,
625 KEABN T ST. Established
in IMS 4 for the treatment of Private
Dlsph.*;^. Lost Manhood." Debility or
disease wearingonbodyandmindand
Skin Diseases. l'hedoctorcurcsirhen
others fail. Try him. Charges low.
CBrfinsranteed. CaJlorwrite.
£r. j. v. biBBON. B«x i»s7.Bau FraadacA
WrioTj Man Veielalil? Pill?
Are cicriowledeed "by thousands of. persoai who
hare ns°d them for over forty years to care
SiCK HEADACHE, GII;I>INESS, CO.NsTIPA-
TION, Torpid Liver, Weak Stomach, Pimplea aad
parity the blood.-. . - < ■._,.
Grdssman'sSDßCiflG Mlxtar?
With tals remedy persocs >..in ci;r- ' themselves
without the least exposure, change of diet, or
change in application tf> business. ■ The m«dlcla*
contains ro^ninj that is of the least injury to tne
constitatioa, Askyoar OrusgUt tor v. i":ice, H
ft boiua
1112
JACOB Z. DAVIS
HAD HIS HOBBY
Gathered the Bones of His
Relatives in Church
Graveyard.
Marble Slabs Erected Bearing
Appropriate Inscrip*
tions.
Recognition of the Name of Dedaksr
That May Have Bearing in the
Will Contest.
George A. Knight was compelled to re
yeal the strength of his position in the
Jacob Z. Daris will contest yesterday.
Mr. Knight and his associates, Charles
Reggerty and George D. Collins, are
anxious to secure a delay of a few weeks
for the purpose of obtaining depositions
from witnesses who reside outside the
Stute. The proponents of tfie will insist
that enough time has been devoted to
preliminaries, and object to further post
ponement.
A remarkable hobby of the late Mr.
Davis was brought to light. It appears
that he was anxious to collect tue bones
ot his ancestors and relatives in one
burying-ground, and this peculiarity may
prove of value to the contestant:', as they
claim it will constitute a proof of their
blood relationship to the decedent, since
their immediate ancestors are included in
Mr. Dayis' graveyard collection. It is ad
mitted that Belle Curtis and Lizzie Muir
are not blood relatives of the deceased,
but that they are nieces of Mr. Davis'
wife— that is, their mother was Mrs.
Davis' sister.
In support of his motion for a continu
ance Mr. Knight Bubmitied an affidavit
setting forth a full history of Jacob Z.
Davis' family, and incidentally establish
ing the fact that his name was Jacob Zig
ler Dedaker, son of Francis Dedaker and
Catherine Zig'er. Sufficient explanation
ot tnis cfiange of name has already been
made, the circumstances in noway reflect
ing on the character of the deceased, rie
left home at an early age, and desiring to
avoid any interlerence by relatives or
others adopted the name of Davis, by
which he was afterward Known, though
on the death of his mother he returned to
Philadelphia, and under the name of
Dedaker took his share of the maternal
estate. The moner thus obtained was the
basis of Davis' ?2,000.000 fortune, Mr.
Knieht says, and he argues that the blood
relatives are therefore entitled to a por
tion of it.
It is alleged in Mr. Knieht's affidavit
that I- zzie Muir and Belie Curtis, the
proponents of the will and equal bene
ficiaries under the will to the exclusion of
all others, denied that the true name of
the testator was Dedaker, but that their
attorneys subsequently admitted this
fact, and promised to file a sup
plemental answer to this effect. In
order to strengthen his position regard
ing the family name of Dedaker. Mr.
Knight cites the fact that some months
before his death Mr. Davis devoted a great
deal of time and money to collecting the
ashes and remains of his ancestors and
relatives. He had them removed to the
DunKards' churchyard, Germantown, in
the suburbs of Philadelphia, where they
were given a final resting-place, with ap
propriate gravestones and inscriptions.
Among tho*e mentioned in Mr. Davis' list
of relatives were his mother, Catherine
Dedaker, and his aunt, Rebekah Mason
(born Dedaker). Mr. Davis further mani
fested bi< interest in the old Dunkard
church, which was founded by his grect
grandfather, by having a new wing added
to the church at a cost of $10,000, thepians
for the same being drawn Dy Architect
John M.Curtis, husband of Mrs. Curtis,
one of the legatees herein.
The most interesting statement made
by Mr. Knight is that at the moment oi
Mr. Davis' death he was in the act of
dictating a will, which was being written
down by John Senderhng, a relative of
the Dedaker family. It was expected by
the contestants that Mr. tenderling would
appear at the trial, but he has refused to
do so and declares that he will not reveal
the contents ot the paper prepared or
written by him at the time mentioned ex
cept by order of court. That paper is now
locked up in the vaults of the North
American Trust Company of Philadelphia
and the contestants ask for time to pro
cure.it.
Mr. Knigbt says he will be able to prove
by Mr*. Annie Beitel of Philadelphia that
after Mr. Davis' death both of the bene
ficiaries under the wili told her that Mr.
Davis left no will, and that he made no
provision for them; that just before he ex
pired he called for pen, ink and paper in
order to write a will, but declared that he
could not, as his pulse had stopped.
Because of the premises hereinbefore
stated and in order to allow time for ob
taining evidence requisite in having a fair
trial Mr. Knight requests a continuance
of the case until the 10th of August. At
that time he expects to be able to present
tue depositions of a great many witnesses
to substantiate these allegations. He says
his clients are too poor to get ready sooner
than the date mentioned.
Argument will be heard by Judge Cof
fey to-day touching the right of the con
testants for a further continuance. Pend
ing a decision of tiis point the jnry was
excused until next Monday morning.
ROYAL ARCANUM DAY.
The Manner in Which It Was Observed
by Argonaut and Golden West
Councils of This City.
Royal Arcanum day. the twentieth anni
versary of the foundation of this order,
was celebrated last evening in Native Sons'
Hall by Argonaut Council No. 597 and
Golden West Council No. 1716, by an en
tertainment and dance. For the occasion
the hall was prettily decorated.
The entertainment opened with an over
ture by the orcnestra. which was followed
by a soprano solo by Miss Jessie Barstow.
Then Colonel J. J. Tobin delivered an
address in which he dwelt upon the rise
of the order in the United States. The
Royal Arcanum, he said, was started in
the city of Boston by nine men on the
20th of May, 1877, and on the Ist of last
Ar>ri! the membership had increased to
192,194, and in that period the order had
paid in death benefits the sum of $39,854,
--642. H« then at length detailed the merits
of the order and its management, and ad
vised the young men, especially those con
templating matrimony, to become mem
bers oi the association.
Professor Opilvie Bang a tenor solo,
afier which there was a recitative and
cayanna :rom Verdi's "I Vespri Siciliani"
by A. B. Fateiy. After this little Miss
Kosa G jld g;\ve a fancy dance. The pro
gramme ended with a bass solo by J. P.
Grodgens.
The floor was then cleared for dancing,
which was kept up until past the hour of
midnight.
The celebration was nnder the direction
of the follovrinc named:
General committee of arrangements — Argo
liitui Council— Tnomas O'Brien, J. B. Wiiit
r. H. G. KcGfll, Fre<! H-ad, M. a do
J'.rH;Q. Golden West Council— R. Stone, A. G.
Urijgtti, Thomas Banks, A. CarUen, T. G.
tuxjr committee— J. A. Clover, Dr. A. B. Me-
Gill. A. G. Hebgen, J. J. Flynn, ML S. de Roco,
J. G. Jones, Dr. H. G. McGill, Robert Martland.
Floor director— Taomas OMirien.
Reception co.; mittee-J. M. Long. George
\V. Dixon, D. J. Enfrigu, D. A. Seawell, Davia
Allen, R. Stone, mv Grutuiell, J. B. Freed.
HOTEL AEEIVALS.
PALACE II'.TEIj.
O Stur*e B , Chicago F J Price, Broklyn
G Kendrick. \Vat-rbnry G W Howland. Chicago
Mrs Ki-ndrtck.WaterbiJK E Buckniaster. tlanta
C L Bruner, savannah a S Kendrick, Macon
J Oliver." Augusta W F Hal.. P o^ l "^
D^mefon H NCh°Bay wMffi^
W C Wright. M ontre^l »l rs W Bwke, Pi^ i tsburg
f- Kovnoids Oueoec J H Condit, St Paul
W K Yufe° Chilean* J V Cory.W *^t vis
J FT !-nries Kentucky J Ij V\Ood,w<Ed, Kr
J U Doyfl: sedaila J W Hubble & w.Scranton
J H itephensou * w, Ky \V A Deveney A w, Ky ,
J 8 Barkman. w &2^ Ark A F Wood <* w st Louis
G.< i akiey w. Ark J B FrVnch, st Louis
H E Blown, Parsons Mrs J B French. Bt Louis
Mrs J Morrison. Toronto P McMabon. 'loronto
R a Pnnion, Toronto Mrs P Mahoa Toron
Mrs R A Purdon, Toron A F Chapman, Ottawa
H Stone. Montreal Mrs A F Char-man, Otta
Mrs «fc Miss ctone, Mon C Lees, et Thomai
W A Coon, Cedar Rapids Mrs C Lees, St Thomas
X A stone, Trenton J s Spear, Springfield
Mrs E A stone. Trenton Mrs H fc. Brow. Parsons
T Mcßee, Salisbury Mrs J S Spear, Sormfleld
\i Nason, San Jose Mrs H Lux. San Joie
E Ream. Peru W C Busb, Indiana
W J -p;egelberg, N V E C Voorhtes, Sutter Crk
J W sylvester, Clevelr.d W H Budd, civcago
.Mrs \VJ apiegelberir.NY Mrs J W Sylvester, Ohio
T O'Donneli.W s-uperior Mrs W H Bndd. Ch:cagj
A W Lvon, sloux City W B J<-nnings, Ohio
F T Uenman, Chicago L T >ewromb, Mo
J Irwiu Jr. OSX Mrs F T Denman, 111
Mrs W B Jennings, Ohio 1) F Warnocit, Chicago
M F McTaggart, >apa
GRAND HOTEU
J Kamer, Fresno D B Foster, Chicago
E >iaviland Jr, N V Mrs W 0 l.obisoi., Stktn
Miss a i obison. Stocktn v T Tulloch, Kn'gUis Fy
D F Majors, Concord A Brown, Wa.nut Grove
W W Foote, Oakland T T 1-aru*', Oakland
G Pieraus, San Joae J D Smith, San Ramon
C A Bowen, Olympia T L Boyce <S w, Sac
C A liodin?, Los Ani?eles W H Serastiam, Cal
T F Richardson, Gt Falls F L Newmau, reston
N M Gos.< & iv, st faul J Burns <fe w, Minn
W s Steele, Co!o Springs Mits steele, Colo Springs
T S Obcar, Bt Louis J RIC • <fe w, Vis»lia
W A Bur;on. Canada A L Ho >vr-r & w, lowa
Miss Hoover. lowa BT.R Williams, 111. .
a Ehoe, Chicago G H Knox, Springfield
G Patridge W, 111 . FGill, Bloomington
J H Towne *w, Ka:is W h Mnouey <fe w, N H
I> \V sun born, l.os'.on X M Ro. crts, Boston
J M Nelson & w, Peoria Mrs s Duston, i o edo
CXXi ton, Texas W McAllis.er&w.Dt troit
C H Hasse. & w, Mo F M Mount & w. .Stdalia
JI 1 Moore <fe w, Eunts F Farreli «t «r, Pocatello
P. Foiduis <fe w, Toledo E J Cahill, San Martin
H C .Booth, s Barbara A Kunnmentitw, T<?nu
A Lee, Highland springs Miss X Callauan, ienn
G A Beane, -an Bernar 1 j l-egg & wf, Tex
J X Archer, Tex Martin Archer. Tex
T H Chusope &w, N C J M Mills, Chicago
X R Thorpe & s, Ind C G Smith ifc w, Carlin
F Erickson. C:il Dr J C Street, N V
W s r-ervose A w, lowa Miss White, Sacto
li S Chapman. I.ostun T Curry Aw. Mo
W H K-llr. Tex W I Atidt-rson l'enn
W A MorrUsey, Stcktn J Francis, ijt View
P A Buell, -toefcton LM J f'eterson, Phila
M A Himchflel J. ArGd W M Bacon, -ivit Lake
A Oppenheiuier, L Ang P Etienue A w, Pasadena
B F Burnett, Stanford Mrs i. L Benson, L Ang
P J Hudson, Lakeiort C C Urnham, Chicago
C Benueti, stockion F Kramer, -\ V
ABGarretson, Ga W Bruce. Chicago
J M Gray Chicago W T i ope, Santa Cruz
C B Fargo, N V J Craig, Highland Spgs
BALDWIN HOTEL.
W M Sims, Sacto H Musprinr. Pan Jos«
J F Grum, Si Ihomas P W Murptiy, San Jose
G S Gesley A w, La J 1) Rigga A sons, Ala
J W Waiter. N C F\V Shipley An. Baltimore
B i Moore, Wash, DC H Carter A \v, Baililiiiore
D Kagan, Wash, DC J A WardA w, Baltimore
E J i avansugh, lowa G JWBrashead, Ba timr»
W B Kvnns. Iowa J I> smith A w. Baltimore
H :>t Mounts Aw, lnd THHoovcrA-v, Baltimore
Miss S G -tanu-n, lnd 11 M Mounts Jr, lnd
c w Ever:s. Pa A G Post, uhij
A W Dickinson. Pa J J Dicman, H V
P Kaul, Pa W Ecff A w, OhiO|
Mrs C B Taylor, Ohio P McQueiler. oho
Miss T Stahl, Vallejo R J R Aden A w. Vallejo
W P Uttev Aw, Kans Miss M lieittiam, Kam
M Dieck A w. Atchison T J Li gmao, Atchison
RS Johnson, Peoria. 11l MrsW J aan^ham. Sac
Miss R Ba'igham. sac W Hocum, Ke.seyvine
G Vv' Jfcnks. Detroit G X Bro >ks A w, uhio
J W Cauatay. St Louts F X Wills, st Louis
B F Smith Oakland DrJJ liogan, Vallejo
J c Murphy.Temple.Tex H C Pierce, Kalimore
C F Kins-ley A»',Tncson Hiss Xi gsley, 1 ucson
J M Chase &W, I ucson Misses I has.-. Tucson
J iv Donulugton, Putsbu F Wortiiin^tou, N V
L Stoddard, NY J il Ct>iviiie. N V
W Lewers, N V Miss G W illls. N V
Miss G Busby, X V Miss B Bates. N V
T l> Irawley. N V Capt T B l rilchard, Sac
M Comty, Grayson W Hess A w, N V
IS incKlns A w. 1 altim D E Johnson, Chicago
COSMOPOLITAN HOTEL.
H T King, Fre-sno J Numer A w. Altoona
C Hummell <fe w. Pa C NVil <fe w, Tulare
R Maddeu, seaitie F McNany. Big Springs
J Buckles, Texas Mrs ManstiVid Piedmnt
A Casey «fe w. Wheeling L Nolton, w <fc d, Toledo
A stubble <fe w. Mo R Namderuaef, Toledo
J I ittle, w A eh, Ohio A Keatrini. A. w, N V
J Wa'sb <fe w, Klmira T Kane--n <t w, Ohio
C Mei.mp «t d, Ohio J l.aniff <fe w.Cleveland
Mrs Hi.-gins, Voiumbus X Bacheiet A W.Seattle
H Harrison, I ytton Spgs P Demon. Pittsburg
C Gray, Pitisburg L Fortnev. fiasbtug
F Keneppf. I'lttsburs; A Hatheway. Vallejo
J Arlande. Valley Spss A Denmore. To'ado
D v yckoff it w Ogden H i-out Aw. Pa
\V Frenih & w, Pa J W Morrow A w, Pa
E Guthrie <fe w, Pa W E Stuizman A w, Pa
A Reynolds, Mas* C X Krl g, ohlo
W Biown. \V Va W t*tfMMjMper, N T
A Pipersnager.PortCosta W FCoo,, uhlo
J Jacobsou, Gilroy W A riiomas.nA^.Chlca
A C Haugers <fe w.Chicag Mrs F sappAfm.Eurek
J Micha-lsife w. Va X M Culver. 8 ockton
Mrs C Marsh. Mich C M Crosby A fm, Ohio
P Barton, N V F B i ew,burg A w, NY
W Atbey, L.OS Angelps W M Hntpley A fm. Pa
L C Brown & w, O.iio A B Happer, Stockton
c Ma<laen, Mendocino U Alexander, Peta uma
A L Boust, Fresno
LICK HOUSE.
W Brown, Manzanlllo C E Dallion, Cal : ;
Prescott Sawyer, Cal J J R Peel, Cal
C Moerinc <tw, Stockton F W Stetson, Seattle
k' R Baker, Arizona Mrs Dr L M Pratt, Cal
FB Kington, Sa.ta Clara L A s .ge Congress Spgs
F LS:<nfor<l, Santa Clara l C White. I-icsno
Rev M Coleman. cal a Guchessa, Cambria
Mrs J Levy <fe eh. Cal .- | : , ■ .
OROTR OF BAIXBOAD COJTDT7CTOBS. V
John Ducgan. w& 2 eta. John nelly & w
M C Hoyt, w & 2 eh Charles A Hawling tt w
C D Kelioeg <fe w KS Herrick * w
G C Fagnon. w <fe eh • E X Rogers & w
\V W Carman & w J E Sullivan & w
B F Collins & son J R Hoke & w
Miss E Clark D v Criilin <fe w
Ed C Allison & w R L Freeman <fe w
J C Evans & w Charles Adams & w
J J Charles <fe w M J Land <fe w
A C Johuson A. w . E Akers & w
Thomas Judklns <fe w J i£ Brown & w
Mrs J Webber " G A Paul & w
John W Wheaton T G SchmMt, w, son & d
J A Wayland. w <fc son Georee Hoffer < ■.;:>.
W T Summer", w & eh Joe Jloke & w
Miss Emma Clarke Levi Geer
F A McConahej\w<fc nee R H Strong <fe w
H T Walling & w Mrs H T Kirkland
Mrs A Mcßride Frank Rooney
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
E S Jenkins, Portland C A Aloria, Hunters
R O Dea'.Chnnesion J stutss, Cbarleslon
B L Geiurn, Sacramento D Young, Ohio
X M Hannon. Ohio F M Aldo, San Jo<ie
AW BRMwise,t:-.SAlertß W Gibson, Isleton
T Qui^ley, Tecoma L MoskHZ, I'ortland
Dr r. L Robinson. Texas J M Custello, Ohio
AP. Smith. r,inp;hm;;ion A Tatin.wfich, Texas
E M Bing wife, lllnuis J B Harans y & wf, IU
J Tuuu.en <fe wf.Wlesfort vV A rsrown <& w. cal
J< Ellioi.Cal Peter Youn?, Phlla
John Turner, Ohio
SAN FRANCISCO "CALL."
BTTBINKSS OFFICE of the San FranclscoCAll>
-710 Market street, open until 12 o'clock ev«ry
tight In the ypar.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery rtreet,
corner Clay; open until 9-30 o'clock.
Sl'9 Hayes street, open until 9:3o o'clock.
81S 1 arkin street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
B W. corner sixteenth and Mission streets; opaa
anttl 9 o'clork.
2618 Mission street-, open until 9 o'clock.
167 Ninth street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
1505 Polk street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
SW, corner Twenty-second and Kentucky
streets; open till 9 o'clock.
NOTICK OF MKKTINO9.
|TP CALIFORNIA COMMA.VDERY *
B^ No. 1. It T., Masonic Temple, Post < fi3g*
und Moutcomery sts. — Regular a<sembly (M!
THIS (FRIDAY) EVENING at 7:30 BUB
o'clock. Order of the Temple. All fraters ▼
are courteously invited.
sir JOHN P. F '.AZER, Em Commander.
Sib Htbam T. gbavks, Reconter.
RSg= YEKBA BUKNA LODGE OF PER- „
*-^ fectionNo. I— Regular meeting THIS H»*
(FRIJjaY) EVENI.\<;. Mny 21, at 8 A
o'clock. D. 6. GEO. J. HOBK, JjQV
■ - • - •- - . Secretary. <E5cS»
ff^S' A. O.H. DIVISION NO. 1. SPEC-
mr-& ial meeting All member* or the^?*'^
abovedlvision are hereby reques ed to meet l*\\>w
at, their hepdquarters 1158 Mission street UtltjL
THIS (FRIDAY) i.VKNINIi. May 21.fS^JP
AH com milttres In regard our coming pii v.v, to
take place at San Lorenzo Grove. Sunday, May 30,
will pleaae submit their fiuni report. Programmes
will be distribnu-d. Fines for noiHatteudance.*
J.J KEAi ING, President.
D. Swmney, Secretary.
S^7S» REGULAR Mr. KTIMiuFTHi-. v , nZ"
I*-*' Caledonian Club .ills KVKX- O,jh
ING at 8 oMock, K'otlish Hali, 111 Y> TW
Larkln st. I). B. McNi-:ijiL. Chlet
Jamis H. Duncan, Secretary.
SPKCIAL NOTICES.
ffisS=» THEY SELL ALL KINDS OF HRY
TSr**' goods, hosier. , underwear, bedspreads, tow-
els, tablo-coveis, laces, embroidery, linings, trim-
rMies, veilings, etc., very cheap &t Pioneer Dry-
gooas store, 105 Flfih S'.. /... '
f7g= TURKISH CABINET BATHS FOR
•-*' gentlemen and lauies. 120y a Ueary su,
room -11. -■'..■
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MAY 21, T897.
■:i ■. SPECIAX NOTlCES— Continued. ... . ,
■t^3s= CAL. HYPNOTIC LKBT. 838 MISSION;
W<G? hypnotism prac. taught, 95; diseases cured.
Wt^S= BAY CITY TRANSFER CO., REMOVED
Eir-i? 244 to 311 Sutter. Trunks dellevred, 25a
f^S=> BAD TKN ANTS i EJECTED FOR f4:
Vs~-& rollertions made: city or country. Pacific
lollection Co.. 415 Montcy r*.. room 6: tel. 66H0.
SITUATIONS wasted-female.
riOM PETENT woman, GOOD SEAMSTRESS
\J and worker, wishes situation; city or
country. MRS. REID, 328 Geary st.
WEDI'H HOUSEWORK GIRL, OOCD COOK
SWEDI-H HOUSiiWOKK GIRL, GOCD COOK
and h-.undress: good references: city or coun-
try: $20 to *25. MRs. NORTON, 316 Sutter sL
UPERIOR NORWEGIAN COOK DESIREB
SUPEKIOR NORWEGIAN COOK DESIRES
sltuaiion; best references. MISS CUI.LEN,
323 sutter st. ■;-.■<;.•:
GF.RMAN EMPLOYMENT OFFJCE. MRS.
LAMBERT, telephone main 6332, removed to
417 Powell st.
YOUNG WIDOW. RKCENTLY FROM THE
X East, thoroutrhly experienced houseiceeper,
wants place: widower's home preferred. Room
13. 102 Taylor st.
pERMANGIRL WISHES SITUATION IN
VT American family for upstairs work and sew-
ing, or to take care of children. 2017 Ellis St.,
near Dav.sadero.
VRENCII WIDOW, WITH SMALL CHILD,
-T would like situation to take care children or do
housework; city or country. 426 Twenty-ninth.
ANTED, BY THK DAY, WASHING, IP.ON-
Ing. housecleaning: $1 cer day. 911 Filbert
St., between Taylor and Jones.
pIRL LATELY FROM GERMANY WISHES
VT situation to do general housework. Apply
927y Filbert su, near Jones.
VV r OMAN WISHES WORK BY THE DAY: IS
" good general worker and laundress. Inquire
1701 Mission st.
\TORW£OIAX GIRL WAISTS SITUATION
i.™ to do general housework or chamberwork.
783Va Market st.
YOUNO GIRL WANTS SITUATION TO DO
A light housework. 2713 Folsoin st.
W OMAN WISHES PLACE TO TAKE CARE
' ' of children aud sew. Apply 54 Cook »v, off
Geary. •:• ■;££;■:
/iKKMaX GIHL WANTS WOKK BY THE
VI day; washing and housecleaning; wages *1
per day. 215% Polk si., in rear.
yOUNO KBIffIAA WOMAN WAN POSI-
X tiou to do reneral housework for an old couple
or upstairs wor* in large family; best references
as housekeeper. 331 Tehama st.
yoUXU SEAMSTRESS DESIRES TO learn
X tailoring trade, or will uo plain sewin;< or
mending. 207 Post st., room 1.
yOUSG WIDOW DJESIKi.S" POSITION AS
X housekeeper In widower's or bachelor's home:
city or country. Call between 11 and 6 o'clock
234 O'Farrell si., room 5.
ENGLI-H WIDOW WISHES POSITION IN
Xj widower's or bachelor's nome: good cook:
country preferred. 901 Va Washington St., cor. of
Eighth, room 31, Oaklana.
UT ANTED— LADY GOING TO LOS ANGELES
** would act a« companion or nur*e; references
exchanged. 617 Eighteenth St., Oakland.
\yiDOW WISHES CHAMBERWORK, OR
'» would keep bouse for widower. Apply for 3
days 183 M Mission St.. lower floor.
/ i OOD HRESSMAKER AND SKAMsTRES
vJ sews 50c a day ; city or Oakland. G. F., box
93, Cal. Ofllce. T:
"ITOTJNG GIRL WISHES TO ASSIST IN
X lixnt housework or upstairs work. Please call
or address 221 N atoms, bet. Third and Fourth.
GOOD DRESSMAKER WISHES A FEW
more engagements by the day, city or coun-
try. 40- O'l'arrell st.
1 ADY WISHES WORK BY - THE DAY;
Jj washing and cleaning. Call or address 64
Shipley st.
yOUKO LADY DESIRES a POSITION as
X copyist or office work. 223 Leavenworth St.,
room 6.
T.-'RKNCH WOMAN WISHES POSITION A 8
J working housekeeper on small ranch: good
worker; good references. Ad. F. \V., box 25, Call.
yiJt'NO GIRL WISHES A POSITION AS
X typewriter. 838 Mission st, room 2.
ff RENCH GIRL WISHES MTUATION TO DO
1 upstairs work; would go a short distance in the
country: wages $15, $20: city references. Ad-
dress P. M., box 92, Call Office.
COMPETENT WIDOW. S.TRANGER HERE.
\J would like position as typewriter. Call room
43. second floor, 44 Sixtb st
yOUNO LADY, SIRANGEK IN CITY, DE-
X sires gentleman partner. 9 Powell St., second
floor, room 8.
yOUNG LADY FROM THE COUNTRY
X would like a situation as housekeeper forageti-
tieman. Call 223 Post st.. room 7, third floor. -
CCOMPLISHED YOUNG LADY
A (stranger) desires a place as typewriter or
copyist. Room 2. 120Va l*eary st.
T ADIKS' NURSE WANTS ENGAGEMENTS;
XJ confinement or invalid: terms moderate. Ad-
dress Nurse, ltiS Ninth st.
yOUXG WIDOW WISHES POSITION AS
X housekeeper: in bachelor's or widower's home
preferrea; plain sewing done. 106 Fourth, room 1.
vmuno t,ADY wishes POSITION as
X housekeeper or will go plain sewing. 821 Mis-
sion st-, room 5.
yoi:.\(i GERMAN WIDOW DESIRES POSI-
X tion as housekeeper. 120 a Eddy st, room 2.
/»! r LARKIN— BRANCH OFFICE OF THE
Ul O CALL: fcobscrlnilons &u.i waui. adj taken.
V OUNG AND A I'TB ACTIVE GERMAN GIRL
X desires to secure b housekeeper's position in
hotel; widower's or bachelor's home preferred.
223 Post St., room 11. second floor.
yOUNG PARISIAN LADY WOULD LIKE A
X housekeeper's position: bachelor's or widower's
home preierred; city or country. .1122 Market,
room 31. . . .., . ' '
-I iTT MaM BRANCH OFi-iCK OF
XU4 'Suit Call: subscrlpuou ana want ads
taken. ;:V.";"-;
ADY WISHES TO GIVE LESSONS, MUSIC
or French, in return ! for room and board, or
room only: a capable secretary or governest;
references St. Lnke's Church. C. L.G., box 20, Call.
QITUATION WANTED BY A COLORED
O woman to cook or to care for children. Ad-
dress 4 Delaware court, off sutter st., bet. Powell
and Mason.
SW COR. sIXTKENTH »T, NEA« MIS
slon; branch office of ' Tki ' Calx. buo-
scrlptlons and w.int ads taken.
ANTED— SITUATION AS HOUSEKEEPER
by a widow lady forlodging-houseor bachelor:
no objections to country or children. Call at 148
Sixth St., Brunswick House, room 2.
YOUNG LADY WISHES A SITL'A-
XV tion In country us comnanion for e.derly lady
or child and assist in light housework. Address
1605 Polk st.
(*1 t LARKIN— BRANCH OFFICE OF THR
UXIJ CALL, bubscnptlons and want ads taken.
WEDISH WOMAN WANTS WORK BY THE
day; washing, ironing, housecleaning, etc Ad-
dress 418 Day si., near Noe.
DHESSMaKER. CUTS AND FITS BY
U tailor system, wants more engagements by the
day. Addreß* 512y 3 Leaveuwortb st.
7 VAN NESS AYE.— WOMAN WANTS
i by the day; first-class laundress.
AilT ANTED— YOUR ORDER FOR HELP: ALL
"» descriptions. Mrs.Druhm.2l7 Geary Clay B6
rpHOROUOHLY RELIABLK AND COMPE-
X tent young lady of experience wants position in
insurance office: versed in all branches of ofllce
work aid details of insurance : business;, furnish
typewriter If desired: wages to suit employer. Ad-
dress iable, box 80, Call Office. .
A TTRACTIVE YOUNG GEKMAN GIRL DE-
A sires place as housekeeper in a widower's
home or country hotel. 120J/J Geary st., room 2.
y OUNG FRENCH WIDOW WISHES A SIT-
X uation as housekeeper in bachelor's household.
Apply 12 Eddy st., room 15.
POSITION BTTUtXira LADY AS CASHIER
I or assistant In doctor'sor dentist's office, or pho-
tograph gallery: best of references. Aduress S. F.,
box 131. Call Office
/• I C LARKIN— BRANCH OFFICK O* THE
fiJt) CALL. Subscriptions and want ad* taken.
' SITUATION 3 WANTED HALE.
TAPANKSE, CHINESE EMPLOYMT OFFICK:
0 wallers, housecleaners. 30 Geary: tel. Grant 66
CHINI-.SK *. JA I'AM St; EST'D 20 YKAtIS;
V>/help:tet.main 19»7. BRADLEY <KCu. .640 Clay
HUNTER <t CO.. CHINESE AND JAPANESE
em p. ofllce, 614y 3 California st., tel. main 231.
AM KEK-CHiNEHE AND JAPANESE EM-
k ployment office | 611 Va Bush st , nr. Grant aye.
CHINKSI-. AND JAPANESE EMPLOYMENT
' office: best help. 414y 2 O'Farrell. Tel. E. 426.
IDDLE-AOED .AMERICAN. WITH REF-
erence, wantg work about private ' place;
horse, cow, garden; handy with toots: good home
rather than high wages. Address. Willing, 224
seventh. . . : ■-,-;-.■ ■■ ■ . ', ,;';; ;. , ";.;''■•
pAPER-HANGER 'i WI I H TOOLS; FIRST
X class; ; best references; paints, etc.; • wants situ-
ctlon. i aiuter. 3.9 Fourth. , -: _/,:. ; .
(*1 C LARKIN— BRANCH OFFICE OF THE
(J i O CALL, •" Subscriptions and wast ads taken.'
.. FITtTATIONS . .WATfTED— Contfnnofl.
MAN AND WIFE WISH SITUATION, CITY
or conntrv; man good gardener, milker and
CRrlng for horses: wife good cook, neat and clean.
Appiy 2416 FoUom st
"yoUNG SWISS COUPLE, NO CHILDREN,
X want place in country: man understands care
of horses and farm work; wife, cooking or house-
work. 7 1824 Sixteenth aye., South San Francisco.
rpHOROUGH ACCOUNTANT, ETC., 23 YEARS
Xat general office work in wholesale store, seeks
fresh engagement w. a., box 33, Call Office. :
YOUNG AMERICAN (22); UNDERSTANDS
X handling hordes; good driver; good milker
and not afraid of any kind of work. W. M., box
97, Call.
Q UBSCRIPTIONS AND WANT A-DS FOR THK
k> Caxx taken at brancn oihe* J»BJ» Uayea at;
open nntil y -.30 o'clock.
p ARDENER, GERMAN: GENERALLY UBE-
v7 ful; understands care of horses, driving and
milking; city references: reasonable wages. P.M..
674 Sixteenth st, East Oakland.
TEADY, INDUSTRIOUS MAN WANTS
work of any kind; can drive and take care of
horses. Address 438 Chestnut st
£<V 7 MONTGOMERY, COR. CLAY — OPEN
o— l until 9:30 o'clock; branch office ot Thi
ail; subscriptions and want ads taken.
■\TOUNG MAN (18) WOULD LIKE A SITUA-
I tlon, with a chance to rise. Address, atailng
wages, B. N.; box 61, Call.
TP ASTERN PAINTER AND PAPER-HANGER,
Xli who has tools, wants work b. the aay or piece-
work for private parlies; city or country. A. H.,
box 77, Call Office.
PARPENTER BY TRADE, ACCUSTOMED TO
\J the management of property, handy with
plumbers' and painter's tools, will work reasona-
ble and furn;sh security If necessary. B. C, box
94, Call office. !
ANTED— BY YOUNG SWKDE POSITION
" as coachman or man about place; is tlrstrclass
horseman aud good gardener: has the best of reler-
ences. Address J. HANbEN, 1380 Twelfth st,
Oakland. -
ÜBbCRIPTIONb AND W ANX ADS FOR THB
O Call taken at branch otace, Unit Hayu» »v;
open until 9 :30 o'clock.
ANTED— CARE OF RANCH IN ANY OF
the bay counties, by responsible party. Par-
ticulars 632 Market St., room 5.
OXilf" MISSION — SUBSCRIPTIONS AAfl
~<J-.\) want ads taken for Thi Call.
T ANDSCAPE GARDENER, WITH HIGHEST
XJ references and large experience, wishes posi-
tion In private place. L. G., box 144, Call. (
RANCH OFFICE Ol THE CALL, 187 NINTH
X> bt — Waut ads and subscriptions taken.
WINCHESTER HOUtUL 44 THIRD ST., NR.
' ' Market: 2UO rooms. -5c to $1 60 per night;
$1 60 to $tt per week; convenient and respectable;
free bus aud bargage to anl irom tfce lerry.
FEMALE HKLP WANTED.
p IRL, GILROY, $15: »IRL, ALAMEDA, $15:
vT girl, Altamont, $15: girl, banta Cruz, $15: girl,
Napa, Ca 1 $20; girl Twenty-third su, $.5; sec-
ond girl Turic st. $10: second girl. Van Ness aye.,
915: girl. Waller -it.. 912: 3 girls, Laguua, $16;
3 girls, O'Farrell, 915: gttL Vacavllle, $15; set-on rt
girl. California st; girl. Pine st, $15: girl. Green
st, $15: girl, Pierce St.. $15: girl, Devisadero, $15;
girl, Vallt-jo, 2 in family, 916; second girl, Laguna,
$16:27 yonng girl*. $10 and $12 per month,
MARTIN A CO., 749 Market st
6 WAITRESSES, *15 AND ROOM; 7 WAI-
* ' tresses, $5 a week; chambermaid, $2U and
room; girl fur bakery, $16 etc.; chambermaid,
<!."' and room: ironer*. laundry, C 25 and room;
waitress, springs, $20 and room: laundress,
springs, $25 and room; waitress, mining .own,
913 and room; cook, city, $'25: 3 waitresses, city,
$'20 and room. MARTIN A CO., 749 Market st
GERMAN OIRI.S, CHA.VBERWORK, $12,
room etc MARTIN & CO., 749 Market St.
CEVEN IRONERS FOR THE CITY, $25,
O room, board, etc. MARTIN A 'JO., 749 Market
GKUMAN GIRL; DIAMOND BT.; $15; NO
VT baking. MARTIN <t (C, 749 Market st.
GERMAN GIRL; -TEUART BT.; $16. MAR-
VT TIN A CO., 749 Market st.
IRL, WASHINGTON ST.. 21 .'IN FAMILY,
$20. MARTIN A CO., 749 Market st
p ERMAN GIRL, PACIFIC AYK, $25. MAR-
VT TIN <S CO.. 749 Market st
GIRL. OAK ST., $25. MARTIN A CO., 749
Market st
GIRL: STEINER ST.; $20. MARTIN A CO.,
749 Market st
GIKL: TAYLOR ST.; 920: PAYBICIAN'S
family. MARTIN A CO., 749 Market st
p KRM.AN OR SWEDISH GIRL, BUSH ST.
VT 920. MARTIN A Co., 749 Marlcet at
P ERMAN OR SWEDISH OIRL, POST ST.
VJT $20. MARTIN A CO., 749 Market St.
GIRL, PINE ST, 925. MABTIN A CO., 749
Market st
IRL, CLAY ST., 920. MARTIN ACO 749
Market st -
IRL, (ALAVERAR COUNTY. 920, SEE
party here. MARTIN A CO., 749 -Market st
Wf A NTKD-LAUNDREBH. ASSIST WAITING.
»» $25, see lady in city; 2 Protestant girls gener-
al houseworz, 3 in family, $20 and $25, country;
Scandinavian girl for housework. Oakland, 916:
French nurse, country, (25: 3 starch ironer.-. for
country laundry, $25; Protestant girl for House-
work, Alameda, $20: German cook, country board-
iDg-house, $30; hrench or Spanish cook for Cen-
tral America, 935: also second girl, $'25: girl, cook,
wash and iron, for Sonoma. $2b, see lad»- ai office
ibis morning; French girl, general housework,
N«pa County, 525. Apply to J. F. CRoaETT A
CO., 316 butter st.
TITAN IK D-6 GIRLS FOR HOUSEWORK
" and cooking in Jewish families, $25; 8 neat
German and Scandinavian girls for housework,
$25: lOyoune girls for housework, $15; 2 Ger-
man nurses, S2O; neat woman as working bouse-
keeper, $25: German chambermaid, $20: 4 wait-
resses for coffee - houses and restaurants, $6
a week aud $26 a month; head waitress, $30:
laundress, $25: German second girl. $20, and
others. Apply to J. F. CROoETT A CO., 316 ..-ut-
ter st
« ) IRON KR->, STEAM LAUNDRY, . NEAR
city, $25 and found; 3 wuiiresses, hotel, city,
$20: arm and check waitress, $25; r> staurant
waitress $16 and room; chambermaid and wait-
ing, $16 and room; 2 waitresses, restaurant, $15:
2 lunch waitresses, 60c; cook, private family, $'25,
German style; 2 cooks, private family, $26; girl
for ma. $15 and fare; girl for St. Helena, $15
and free fare; glr. for Llvermore, 920; 2 cooks for
hotels, small places, $'25; girl for bakery, $15 ajid
room: girl for coffee parlors, $16; girl forcookiug,
$'20; 2 nurseglrls. $10 and 912; 10 Rlrla, house-
work, $20; 8 girls, housework. $15. C. R.
HANSE.n A CO.. Ilu Geary st
SALESLADY FOR CANDY AND SODA
count- 1. $7 a weefc. C. R. HANbEN A CO.,
110 Geary st.
0 IRONERS, STEAM LAUNDRY, NKAR
/i city, $25 and found. C. R. HANSEN <fc CO.,
110 Geary st.
VT EAT IRISH CATHOLIC NURSE. 925;
Xi housekeeper, good cook. 925: housework girl,
Sausallto, $25; Modesto, $20, Belvidere, $26; 10
housework girls, city and country, 920 and $2»;
8 young girls assist, $10 to $16. MISS CULLEN,
323 butter st.
■VTI'^AT WOMAN AS WORKING HOUBE-
II keeper. 910. MISS CULLEN, 323 Sutter st
EFINED GERMAN NURSE, 920. MISS
XV CULLEN. 323 Sutter st . .
"VTEAT IRISH GIRL, PLAIN WASHING, FOR
i-i a convent: 915. MlaS CULLEN, 323 sutler.
p IRL FOR A BAKERY, 916. CULLEN,
VT 323 Sutter st.
VfKAT GERMAN NURSE. ONE CHILD; 915;
i.l sleep home. MI-ts CULLEN. 323 sutter st
4 MARKET HT.— BRANCH OFFICE O*' THIS
Call: want ads and subscriptions taKen.
OOK: $25; 4 IN FAMILY. MRS. LAMBERT,
417 Powell st.
COOK: GKRMAN STYLE; 930. MRS. LAM-
B..RT, 417 Powell St.
lUL, GENERAL HOUSEWORK; 920. MRB.
LAMBKRT, 417 Powell s:.
GIRL, CAZADKRO AND CONTRA COSTA;
92a MRS. LAMBERT. 417 Powell st
pIRLS! GIRLS REQUIRING POSITIONS
VT come and register tree at MISS HOEPKR'S
Fidelity Employment Bureau, 1054 Broadway,
OaKlaod. ..-..'. ... \ : .- .•;..;;.;; -" ■-■_■ ' ;.. ■ .-_■
p IKLS LOOKING TOR POSITIONS WILL DO
VT well If they call on MKS. DKUHM, 217 Geary.
IF YOU WANT SITUATION GO TO MRS
SPENCER'S office. 1321 Park st, Aiameda.
p EBMAN WOMAN OR ; GIRL TO COOK,
VT I wash and do light housework for German fam-
ily of 2; permanent position and good home. Ad-
dress P. O. box 378, Tucson, -Art*. '
GIRL , FOR LIGHT HOUSEWORK = AND
children; good' home: wages $12. 1420
Howard st -.'•■-.':""-".■ •■ '.* - : - '"'■'■' ' .'■■..'-
-p IRL FOR HOUSEWORK; PLAIN COOKINU;
VJT wages $20; nursegirl, $12. .. Call early 721
Ellis su ■ -/:.- .•:.- .;.-,-•:.-.,.:,. ; ■-, .■ .
IRL WANT TO TEND BTORE.' v CALL
' Branch, .N W. cor. Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky sts. ■
IRL; GENERAL HOUSHWORK. WASH-
ing; family of 3; $17. Address G. H.,box 31,
CalL .. .;-.. .. -. , . , - i-,',- ■ ■
plhL TO DO HOUSEWOHK, ASSIST WXTH
VT children, from 10 A. M. to sp. K. 213 Walnut
street ,' " \r,"; : ■■ ■••: ..: r ■..-• '
lITANTED— PANTS-HNISHER AT 28 MARY
' 11 at, near Natoma, between Fifib and Sixth.
GIRL TO ASSIST; WILLING TO GO TO
country: after a few months wages 9JO.
2300 Leavenwonh su
OMAN; HI LP IN LUNCHHOUSE FEW
hours. 130 Howard sU
DRESSMAKER AND CiIRL FOP. IABLK.
Girls' Directory, Buena Vista and Central ayes.
COMPETENT SILK BHIKT-WAIST MAKER.
Apply MRS. BROADWELL, 3 Taylor st.
pOOD COOK WANTED; WAGES $25. CALL
VJT bf'i we • n 8 and 12 m. , 1159 Octavia st
TIT ANTED— A TAILORESS. APPLY 208
" Polk st
FEMALE HELPER IN RESTAURANT
kitchen. 916 Howard at
p EKMAN uIRL OR WOMAN FOR LIGHT
VJ housework. 451 Guerrero st
pOOD FINISHERS ON CIATS. 606
VJ Seventh st, Oakland, Broadway station.
"IIT ANTKI!— FINISHERS AND OPERATORS;
" butioubole-makers; custom vests. 628 Jes-
sie st.
TWO EXPERIENCED GIRLS TO WORK IN
pickle factory. Lewis Packing Co., 625 Front
TtfEAT GIRL TO TAKE CARE OF BABY
-i-' and assist light housework. 1121 steiner st
— — , <
GIRL FuR UENEriAL HOUSEWORK AND
plain sewing. Call at 2605 Clay at
GIRL WANTED TO ASBIBT IN BREAD
store. Call at 403 Va Van Ness aye.
LADY AGENTS TO HANDLE SOMETHING
new; salary. R. 38, 14 McAllister St.
p. 07 MONTOOMiURY CORNER OK CLAY—
• '—I Open untii 9:30 o'clock; branch office of
the Call; subscriptions and want ads. taken,
A MARKET ST.— BRANCH OFFICK OF SUS
1 Call; want ads and subscriptions taken.
DUPiLS FOR PRACTICAL MILLINERY
X school; course thorough; pupils fitted for posi-
tions; easy payments; satisfaction guaranteed.
306 sutter st or 410 Leavenworth st
EST AND QUICKEST PLACE ON EARTH
to learn dressmaking and millinery; perfect-
fitting pa terns, 26c. MCDOWELL'S. 103 Post St
OPERATORS ON FLANNEL OVH.KBIIIRTS
and underwear. LEVI STRAUSS A CO., 32 y a
Fremont st.
WANTED— FIRST-CLASS CORSET SALKB-
-lady; one who CHn also do remodeling. Ap-
ply to-day, bet 4 and 6 p. m., 623 Market, room 7.
MOKT CONVENIENT AND RESPECTABLE;
Winchester House, 44 Third si., near Market:
200 rooms; 2Sc to $1 5> per night; $1 60 to $3
per week: ireu 'bus aud baggage 10 and from ferry.
/♦I JL.ARKI.S — BRANCH OFFICE OF THE
KJIO CA .L. Subscriptions am' want ads taken.
JIAI.K HELP WANTED.
WAITER, $25 AND ROOM: WAITER, 930
and room: lunch and dinner waiters, $26;
cook. $25 and room; cook. $15 and room:
cook, $8 a week; pantryman, $30; yonng man to
> irn bnrwork: restaurant porter, $4 a week.
MARTIN A CO., 749 Market st
r>(\ TO 75 MEN TO DRIVE SCRAPER
l"J teams: steady work; see party in office at 12
o'clock to-day. MARTIN A CO., 749 Market st
PORTUGUESE MILKER FOR POINT REYES;
1 milker to go south. MARTIN <fc CO., 749
Market st.
MAN FOR PRIVATE PLACE. $16; RANCH
hand, who can do carpenter work. MARTIN
A CO., 749 Market at
caD waiter, $75. Martin a c0.,|749
Market st
A UBTRIAN COOK, $40 AND ROOM. MAR.
-A 1 IN <fe CO., 749 Market St.
6 SCRAPER TEAMSTERS. COUNTRY, $20
and board: 4 two and fcur muln teamsters,
city, $1 50 and $1 75 a day: 3 teamsters, city, $20
and board: 10 laborers for a quarry, $26 and
board : 6 laborers, city, $1 60 a day: man to run a
Burieigh drill, $2 a day .mil board; 6 farmers, dif-
ferent ranches, $20 and board. C. R. HAN SEN
&CO., 110 Geary si.
SILVEKMAN FOR FIRST-CLASS COUNTRY
hotel, »25 and free fare: dishw.aher for coun-
try hotel. $25 and free fare: potwasher for sum-
mer resort, (20: dishwasher for country hotel,
$20. C. R. HANSEN it CO., 110 Geary st
,
BARBER FOR HOTEL AT THE SPRINGS.
C. R. HANSKN A CO., 110 Geary st
k) WAITERS FOR HKLP HALL, COUNTRY
& hotel, $20 C. R. HANSEN A CO., 110 CJeary.
DISHWASHER FOR AN INSTITUTION,
country. $_'O and found: call early, a R
HAN SKIn A to., 110 Geary st
DRIVER FOR A MILK WAGON; MARRIED
man preferred: 930 and found; see party here.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 110 Geary sU
jiLACKSMIiH, COUNTRY SHOP, $2 60 A
I ' day; carpenter for country hotel, $30, see
party here; s.ni'l e-makei and harness-maker, see
party here; painter, city. $2 a day. C. R. Han-
Si',N .v CO., 110 Geary st
TjiRKB FARE, FREE FARE: 10 Bf'JRJC 2 AND
v 4 horse teamsters for a new raiiroad, $1 60 10
$1 75 a day: we ship to-day. C. R. HANSEN dc
CO., 110 Geary st
ANTED TODAY— SO TEAMSTKRS FOR A
new railroad: long job: $20 and board; re-
duced fare; we ship to-morrow. C R. H a ,\>h.\
A CO., Ilu Geary su
QECOND COOK, HOTEL, S6O: SECOND HEAD
O waiter, restaurant, $45: z waiters, hotel, city,
$25; i.iujliih carver, city; washer, country <
Uundry, $'.'5; ironer. country laundry, $25. C. R.
HANSEN A CO., 110 Geary st
\j LACKKMITU WHO CAN SHOE HORSES.
\> country shop, $3 day, steady Job; blacksmith
and horseshoer, city. $2 25 day and found, steady
job; blacksmith, country shop, $40 and tound:
blacksmith as partner, coun ry shop: carpenter
for tl\- eh, steady job year round: paper-hanger,
$2 50 day; cooper, lime barrels. MUIiKAY A
READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
"I A MILKERS, $v:6 AND $iO. DIFFERENT
I. '' places: man to run a separator and make
cheese, $30; 40 farmers, orchard and vineyard
hands, $25 and $20; 10 haymttkers, $20, found:
20 laborers and teamsters, city and country, $1 75
day; driller, $2 day, for a quarry; 60 2-horse. team-
sters, $2U aud fouud; stabieman, »20 and found,
city. MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st
.
COUK, $30; DISHWASHER, $10, SMALL
country hotel: cook, city hotel, $:•!.>: cook, near
city, $25; cook, for a few men on a ranch, 920;
cook for a saioon, city, 925: hotel porter, 816; 3
dishwashers, $15 and $20: 3 waiters, $25 and $30.
MURRAY A READY, 634 and 636 Clay st
AILOR; SEE BOSS HERE. MURRAY A
READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
BAKER; $30, FOUND; SEX BOSS HERE.
MURRAY A READY, 634 and 636 Clay st
REE FARK FOR 60 MORK. 2 AND 4 HORSE
teamsters; $1 75 eUy: free fare; call early.
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 036 Clay St.
WANTED— 4 BLACKSMITHS. $65 AND
found, $26, $30 and $35 and found: miner;
Ironer tor country, $36 and found: harness-maker;
bricksetter, $26 to $30 and found; brickstr'lker,
$25 to $30 and found; farmers; milxers: carriage
painter, $3 a day; 10 laborers for city, 91 75, aud
others. Apply to J. F. CROSETT <fc CO., b2B
Sacramento si.
ANTED- HO I Ei, THIRD COOK, $.'5;
night cook, $9 week: hotel waiter for country,
$26 and found; dishwasher, country hotel, 920,
and others. Apply to J. F. CRoSETT A CO.,
628 Sacramento st.
A N TED- HAHNESS - MAX h R FOR
r*nch, see employer here, $26 to 930 and
found; i'ortueuese milker, fare advanced, see cm-
p over her*, $2.» and found: waiter for steamer,
must be experienced, $20 anil found; bricksetter,
$30: brickxiriker, $25 to $30; 20 city laborers, $1
and board; 10 quarrymen, $) 75 a day; Swiss
milker, $25: 15 farmers different counties, etc.
W. D. EWj.R <fc CO.. 826 Clay St.
MILKER, COUNIRY, $25; 3 WOODCHOP.
pers, $1 a cord and board: waiter, country ho-
tel, j.o; farmhands, $.0 and $26; chore'man,
$16. R. 1. WARD A CO.. 608 and 610 Clay st
WA.vTKD- SECOND COOK, SftO: THIKD
cook, $25; 3di».liwashers. *15t0525; waiter,
$25: waiter, $20; shirtironer, $35: young man for
resort, $20. etc. aADRE'C, 308 Stockton st
AUNDRYMAN AND ASSISTANT FOR
J country hotel, $65; night porter to assist
waiting, 922 60. HOTEL GAZETTE, 420
Ki-arnv st
1, UTLER, $40. MISS CULLEN, 323 SUTTER
i> street
WANTFD-20 TEAMSTERS; 20 LABORERS,
$20 per month and found; laborers, $1 76 per
day, t>oard $5 26 per week, tare $1 60. Inquire of
Mate Employment Bureau.
WANTED— INTELLIGENT BOY TO WORK
evenings; salary $2 50 week. Apply in own
handwriting to ;•;, E., box 1, Call Office.
rpWO FIRS'! -CL.\S.- SHOK SALESMEN. AP-
X ply &23 Market st, room 7, from 4 to 6 p. x.
BOY WANTi.D. STALLS 1 AND 3, UNION
Square Market.
UKKSSM mN ON PANTS. 625 MERCHANT
-L st., room 15.
ANTED— ERRAND-BUY FOR BUTCHER-
shop. 415 i.t-ary st
aiter wanted— one who can tend
" bar pre erred. 446 Bran nan at
YOUNG JIAN TO CAURY LUMBER UP
bill; pa. by load. BuMAN, 400 Greenwich st
WANTED— 2 GOOD CABINET-MAKERS ON
mantels. Apply Sixth and Bluxome.
LADIf- ts' SOLINU, 350; MEN'S SOLING, 60c;
tine shoes made $2 up. 062 Mission su
HELP WANTED— Continued.
ANTED— FIRST-CLA'BS SALESMAN FOR
TT merchant tailor; must be thoroughly posted
In every detaii, with good appearance; first-class
references. Address M. F., box 81, Call Office.
"EXPERIENCED NIGHT . COOK; WAGES 98
S-i per week. 113 Serenth sU : . ■
1 /17 M.VTH ST. - URANCH OFFICJC OK
ID i Tiu CAii; snbscriptlou anU want ads,
taken. ',:.._ . : .', ■
FOR SALE— ISc BARBKR-SHOP ON AC-
X count of sickness. Inquire 958 Seve.-ith su,
Market-street station, Oakland.
OR SALE-3-CHAIR UAKBEB-SHOP IN
Oakland: centrally located: cheap rent. In-
quire 874 Washington st, cor. Eighth.
T) ARBERS' ASSOCIATION OF PACIFIC
X> Coast Free Employment " Office. S. FUCHS,
Secretary, 325 Grant aye. - .
BARBER'S GOOD TWO-CHAIR SHOP AND
cigar-stand for sale cheap; 3 living-rooms;
cheap rent: trial given if wanted.' 133^ Ninth st.
QQQ HAVES oT.— BRANCH OFFICK OF
♦">••'./ TBjc Cau.,- auMcilptious .ana. waits ads
taken.
TTT ANTED— A STENOGRAPH AR IN A COM-
TT mlssion house: young man preferred; no at-
tention paid to applicants unltss accompanied
with references and statement of experience. Ad-
dress Men., box 74, Call.
l)Eil(< MISSION. BT.— BRANCH OFFICK OF
Zi)/iO th« Caju.- snbscrlpUons ana want ada
taken.
ANTED— A NEST OF CROWS; YOUNQ
birds, full feathered: good price. Send to T.
M. FERGUSON, 719 Market st.
AN WANTED; MUST BE HANDY WITH
tools, have some cash ana be able to furnish
bonds: reasonable pay. Address box C, 167 Ninth.
ANT AD3 AND (SUBSCRIPTIONS FOB
Thj Cam, are taken at Branch omce, *onio-
west corner Sixteenth and Mission sta.
ANTED— SEAMEN, a! i! APPLY 10
Steuart st, shipping agency, upstairs.
OHOEMaKEB ON REPAIRING; ONE MAN
O on new work. 202 a Fifth st
W COR. SIXTEENTH BT., NEAR MISSION;
branch office of TEJ Uali» tsubscrlptions and
want ads taken.
TJOSEDALE. 321 ELLIS, NR. TAYLOK—
XV single furnished rooms: 25c a night; f 1 week.
njiAA PAIR, ANOTHER LOT MK.N'H KHOES,
£A)\J\) been damaged by water, at less than one-
fonrth their value, from 76c up to 92 60. 562
Mission st., beu First aud Second.
WANTED— MEN TO LEARN BARBER
trade; shops, tools, positions furnished; 8
weeks required. 8. F. Barber College, 138^ Eighth,
ELCHOHOUr.*; b63Vi MARKET ST.— xWiOMS
20c, 25c to 60c niiiht; $1 to 92 weec
r t iff MUJVlUOAiJfiji* al., JBBASCH OFFICB
«>— i tiiiiiiuu; want ada ana sabscrlptlons
taken.
SINGLE ROOMS 100 AND 160 NIGHT, 600
and 75c week. Lindell House. Sixth and Uowad.
ROOMS, 160 TO 75c PER NIGHT: 600 IXI9I 60
XL per week. Oriental, 226 Drnmm st
ANTED— LABORERS AJND MECHANICS
to know that Ed Rolkln, Reno Honse proprie-
tor, stul mas Denver House, 2X7 Third eU: 15U
large rooms; 26c per night; f 1 to f 3 per week.
EBIMO-N WANTS 100 Mis-N TO UKT BOT-
. tie beer or wine 6c: best free lunch. 643 Clay.
"I*. anted, tocollect WAGES DUE LABOR-
" ersAclerks KN OX Collection Agcy, 110 Sutter.
riUIX ACME HoUsii. Hot MAHKKT bi., IK-
X low Blxtn. for a room; 2bti night; 91 a week.
INCHESTEK HOUSE, 44 THIKD BT., NR.
Marxet: 200 rooms, 25c a night: reading*
room: free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
AGENTS "WANTED.
t) SUAP-POWDKR CANVASSERS WANTED.
— Apply to JOHN HORSTMANN COMPANY,
667 Bryant st.
rrOBUYGOOD, SUBSTANTIAL WAGON FOR
X camping, with or without cover. Address 646
Minua at. ; '-;'-'.':
GENTS — "NANSEN IN THE FROZEN
jWorld"' can be sold easier than any other Dook
now in the market; choice of exclusive field to
first applicants. F. Person, manager; subscrip-
tion depu. The Whitaker <fc Ray Company, 723
Market st.
KOOMS WANTED.
YOUNG MAN WOULD LIKE FURNISHED
X ro»m with nardwuod floor where a little noise
would be allowable: state price per month. A. N.
A., box 10. Call Office. •
2 OR 3 UNFURNISHED HOUSEKEEPING
— rooms north of Market st : state (rice. A. 8.,
box 95, Call Office.
FDKMTVRK WANTED.
•Ti>URMTURE, STOVES CARPi-.TA COUN-
X ters, showcases. AMDERSON, 1121 Markeu
BEST PRICKS FOR FURNITURE, MDSE*
etc. STREET* CKESWELL. Anctloneers.72l
Howard ctreeeu Houses bought in their entirety.
WANTED-MISCELIiANKOUs.
WANTED- CART OR WAGON. 43
Minna st., downstairs.
ANTED— OLD GOLD; HIGHESi PRICES.
»» O. NOLTE, Jeweler, 222 O'Farrell sU, bet
Powell and Mason.
SELL YOUR BOOKS, NOVELS AND CLOTH-
ing to A. KLEIN, 109 Sixth st.; send postal.
OLD GOLD AND SILVER BOUGHT. W.
MUND, watchmaker and jeweler, 226 Ellis st
IJDILDIXGS BOlulli'; LUHBEK, SASUEdI
X> doors, mantels, etc.; for s«!<» 1168 Mission v..
EDUCATIONAL-
ANDERSON'S ACADEMY AND SCHOOL Off
A Mathematics: pupils prepared in day and
evening classe-t and by private lessons for Calior-
nla and Stanford ; universities; teachers,' marine
engineers' and civil service examinations; special
ev'g classes; mathematics, mechanical drawin?;
high school pupils coached. R., 402 Parrott bldg.
A SCHOOL OF PHYSICAL CULTURE AND
Elocution, 1215 Octavla st., San Francisco,
MISS ELIZA MACKINTOSH, pnpU Of Professor
G. W. nham, Glasgow, Scotland, and graduate
of the School of Oratory, Philadelphia, Fa*
teacher. Office days. Friday p. v.. Saturday a. m.
HEALD'S BUSINESS CULLKQS, 24 POST—
Bookkeeping; business practice, ahortband,
typing; telegraphy, ilanguages, English branches,
electrical engineering; 20 teachers; 16,000 gradu-
ates: day and evening sessions: catalogue.
AY RES' BUBINESS COLLEGE, 325 MONT-
. gomery St.: individual Instruction in short-
hand, typing, bookkeeping, telegraphy, etc. ; life
scholarship $50: low rates per week and month.
Telephone black 2795.
ELASCO'S LYCEUM SCHOOL OF ACTING—
BELASCO'S LYCEUM SCHOOL OF ACTING—
Private theatricals arranged; pnpils rehearsed
on stage. B. 6 and 12, L0.0.F. block, 7th and Mku
TTNGINEERING SCHOOL; MECH., KLKO.<
Xi civil, mining, survey, assay, archtt, X ray
tauaht: e5.1864. A. VAN DER NAILLKN Mkt
TTIOLIN LESSONS; TERMS REASONABLE.
V Address M. L. box 16, Call Office.
INGING, VOICE CULTURE, PARIS GRAD*
uate; French, Ger. lang.; 92 mo. 109 Taylor.
"OOOKKPNG. WrtITNG. ARITHMIC. GRAMR,
X>dav night: nociaises; $5 monin. 845 Mission.
L'llAK. MA.\»<ULI.\. I'iA,\.j AiSU VoO^.-
VT lessons. t.. mo. Mary Wfslhun<t, 39 Fifth.
M RANCH OFFICE OFTHE CALL. 167 KLMH
xj St.; want ads and subscriptions taken.
 DENTISTS.
A FULL SET OF TEETH, $5; PAINLESS
.^V extraction: see onr new combination plate:
thinnest lightest coolest plate made; warranted
10 years: fallings, 60c; crowns, 93 50: lad?* assist-
anu CHICAGO DENTAL PARLOUS, \24 Sixth.
fl>r FULL SET TEETH; BEST MAKE;
•ijpcl. kept in resatr; extractiag free; fUl!ngs,6Oo;
crowns. $3 6a Pacific | Dental Parlors, 1«* Third.
pROOME DENTAL ASSOCIATION, 758 MAR-
\J ket, beu 3d and 4th; gas s specialists; painless
extracting, with gas, fl; plates, • 97 up: fill, 91 up.
"POSITIVKLY PAIN LES-. 1 ACTION. DR.
XT HARDING, 600Sutter cor.PoweU:t«Lmaiu637S
ET OF IEETH WITHOUT A PLATiw DR
H. C. .Young, 1841 Polk st . > .
DR. J. J. LEEK, 1126 MARKET tei. ; OP EM
evenings: Sundays till noon; dentlstrr teugh;
f IOLTO-S l»ii .\ TAL A&^OCi.l i J O.\ , HOO -i
\J ket St. DR. CHARLES W. DECKEK " •
<E»/T A BET FOB .TKISTH— WAKRANTED AS
vb t rood as can be made; nUlngfl. DR. SIMMA
dentisc, «30 Market st. next Baldwin Theater.
T\B. LUDLUM HiLU 1443 M.AKKiiT ST., ; NR.
XJ Eleventh; no charge for < extracting whea
plates are made: old plates made over like new;
teeth from 98 per set; extracting 60c; gas given.
B. (JKOBOK W. LEEK, THE UKNUINU
. Leek dentist, discoverer of painless extraotiaa
■nd patentee of Improved bridge work: or i teati :
without any plate, moved from 6to 20 O" FarreUst.
LL WOBK 1-KAbO^ABLK AND vWAJIf :
ranted. DB. J. W. K.KY. 1320 Market at
';;•■' r ■ FOUND. •■■'. ■■[
T7IOXTEKHIER:; OWNER CAN H ■ YE SAME
X by payine expenses and proving ownership.
171iy a Turk st. -
PERSONAIiS.
MICHAEL MALONY, NATIVE LIMERICK,
36 years here, writ- cousin (Kate '.alAayi,
MRS. THOMAS HANNAGEN, 507 Pine su, Wil-
mington, Del. .;. ■ . - . '>
HAVE YOUR HOUSE PAINTED WITH Al
stock, no dope or fish oil: rooms papered VI I
up; whitened $150 up: papered, graine«i,varnishe<J 1
$5 up. AMBKOSK «fc SCHAAF, 1029 Kearny s>-^
Mi! HOLLAND, PALMIST, HAS BE--
turned and located at room 1. 223 I'ost st.
DRIVATE HOME IN OLD AGE— BY PAY-
X mentof a cer.ain sum as security a few old
gentlemen or married couples caD have comfort-
able home and care for life in good family owning
a lovely situated home near Sanra Cruz/ For per-
sonal interview address A., box 23. Call Office.
AYE YOUR HOUSE PAINTED WITH Al
stock; no aope or fish oil ; rooms papered 52
np- whitened, $1 50 up: papered, grained, varn-
ished, $5 up. F. M. AMBROSE, 1029 Kearny SU
rpHEODOB LOBBEN WILL RECEIVE GOOD
1 news if he if any of his friends will send his
address to IVER. box 90, Call. ■■; : -~J :
DVICE FREE; DIVORCE LAW'S A SPEC-
A. ialty; private; no fee without success; probate,
insolvency, collections, patents, trademark*, eta,
Obtained; private detectives; established lOyears.
G.W. HOWE.atty at law, Market, cor. Stocktn.
RIVATE HOME IN CONFINEMENT OR
X any other sickness; terms 915 weeic, Including
bourO, nursing and washing. 719 Webster su
SENORITA CARMEN CIT A HAS REMOVED
her studio to 305 a Mason st
ME. RAY FAIR HAS RETURNED AND
located at 223 Post St., rooms 2 and 3.
VERY DAY BRINGS AN INCREASE OF
Hi patronage at the largest hair-dressing estab-
lishment on the Pacific Coast, and my 16 artistes
are kept very busy indeed: hair-dressing, any
style, 25c; switches, the best, from 91 to 93; gray or
bleached hair restored to natural coior, 91 60 to
95. G. LEDERER, 111 Stockton st
SUPERFLUOUS HAIRS REMOVED BY
0 electrolysis. MRS. DR. WELCH, 2115 Bush.
FOR rejuvenating the hair use Quinonla Hair
X" Tonic; 35c. G. LKUEKJb.it, 111 Stockton st
CLOAKS AND TAILOR-MADE SUITS RE-
V tailed at wholesale llgures. 20 sansome st,
upsinirs. \ v ■
SUITS TO ORDER ON INSTALLMENTS: 91
a week. N. Y. Tailoring Co., 115 Kearny. upstairs
DHEUMATISM CURED OR MONEY RE-
XV funded; poor treated free. 305 Kddy sU -
HUFSCHMIDT, SANITARY PLUMBER,
. gasfitter. 623 uolden uate v. Tel. Sutter47l.
1 »RUNKENNESS — CURES GUARANTEED.
AJ Gold Cure, Sacramento, CaL ; 26 Page st, S.F.
TMNE BLACK SUIT; 912 50. MISFIT CLOTH-
X ing parlors, 613 Montgomery st -
lfUin BUSINESS CARDS PRINTED, $150;
XUUU wedding work. HILL, 22Va Geary st
ELI ABLE AND EFFICIENT DETECTIVB
XV service. Rooms 19, 20 and 21, Chronicle bldg.
LJ>IG OUTDOOK STEREOPTICON SHOW EV&
X) ry night cor. If arket and Sixth sts.; artistic ad-
vertisements In living light; promoters of busi-
ness. Consult OWL ADV. CO.. 1140 Markets*.
■pARTINGTON'S BCHOOL Ot MaGAZINK
X and Newspaper Illnstratlon: particulars as to
terms, eta, 424 Pine st; Illustrations sucniiihaa
for magazines, newspapers, etc.
■pUFTUKK A«l* PILES CUKED: NO PAT
XL nntll cnred: send for book. DBS. MANS.
FIELD A PORThRFiELD. 833 Market st.
LECTRIO LIGHTS LN EVERY ROOM;
Winchester Honse. 44 Third st. nr. Market:
200 rooms, 25c to 91 60 per night; 91 60 to 96 per
week; free bus and baggage to and troni the ferry.
. DRESSMAKERS.
DRESSES 92 UP; CAPES 91 UP; WRAP
pers 60c up. . 431. Minna st
CLAIBTOTANTS.
WHAT IS YOUR VOCATION?
HAVE YOU PROSPERED?
WHAT ARE YOUR HOPES?
Mrs. DR. F. CLARK will lift the dark veil of
your future life; she gives yon valuable ADVICE
and AID In all affairs of life, of private as well as
of business nature as, for instance, pertaining to
Love, Matrimony, Friendship, Business, Lawsuits,
Contested Wills, Divorce. Damage Suits. Mining..
Sh« discovers lost or stolen property, finds burled
treasures, prevents sickness misfortune: recon-
ciles the separated, thus restoring lost happiness.
Every person U adapted to some particular busi-
ness, profession or trade, which may justly be term-
ed their true vocation, and yet more than half of
you are fighting against an unknown fate lor fame,
fortune and position which you do not and cannot
obtain until you find your true vocation. Hours. 9
to 6 daily. Send stamp for circular and special
terms. MRS. DR. F. CLARK, 1206 Market, S. F.
MME. DR THOMAS, SCIENTIFIC BEVEAL-
er by eggs and cards: tells entire life, pas:,
present, future; consultations on ali affairs; nota-
ing exceptcd: names . given; - good advice; sura
help: resu>res lost love by sympathy; mistake im-
possible: fee 91: letter 92. S2» Post su. nr Larklo.
MMC. PORTER, WONDERFUL CLAIRVOY-
ant card-reader, born double veil and second
sight; diagnoses disease, full life reading; la. 50c;
gents 91: palm, and clalrv.; sit 91 60. 126 Turk.
ELVINA SLATER, WONDERFUL CLAlR-
voyant. moved to 797 Mission St.; advice on
business and love affairs; picture future husband
or wife. •
ME.' LENEMAR: FORTUNES TOLD BY
planets: predicted "74" overdue steamer i>sg.
Island. R. 2. 309 Sntter st
RB. BARRETT HAIGH, MEDIUM: TELLS
everything you wish to ■ know, 60c. 116 a
Grant aye. - ■ ■
MME. KEMIEH INVITES SKEPTICS: WON-
derful clairvoyant and psychological palmist.
516 Jones st. :->.•-;•
■
MME. ARNDT, GEKMAN FORTUNE-TELL-
er; tells past and future; gives picture future
husband or wife; 25c up; never falls. 957 Harrison.
MME. LEGGETTE, LIFE-READER, PABT,
future ana business advice; one price, '.'So,
311 Tehama su, near Fourth.
MME. MELBOURNE, GIFTED CLAIRVOY-
ant: never falls; call and be convinced. 419
Geary st, room 22, second flogs» 25c.
MRS. MELVILLE, WELL-KNOWN CLAIR.
voyant, 61 Fifth st ; water read Ings specialty.
YPBY LIFE-READER, S SEVENTH ST.;
VJT ladles 25c, gents 50c; all questions answered.
MME. MOREAU, BEST FORTUwE-TELLKR,
medium, card-reader; 25c up. 764 Howard st.
MME. HANSEN, PALMIST, CARD-READER;
past, present and future: 25c. 148 6th sU, r. 5.
MME. RAVEN A READS LIFE FLUENTLY;
business advice; names given; 25c up.s Fourth.
ME. SYBILLE TKLLS FROM CRADLE TO
crave; pictures Riven: ladies 2sa 914 O'Farrell.
SPIRITUALISM.
AM. FRANCIS. INDEPENDENT BLATH
. writer. 118 Halght St.: hours 9 until 6r.it.
V. MILLKK, ETHEREALIZING, MATE-
• riallzing trumpet seance, 8 p.m.; 26c> 6SS
Post st. -•
T ADIEa' AID. 418 MCALLISTER ST.; TEST
XJ meeting to-night; 10c; Maud yon Frltag; boy
orator. •
MME. OSiIAN, SPIRITUAL MEDIUM, GIVES
messages and advice on all ; matters pertain-
ing to mortal affairs. 838 Mission st
MRS. MAYO STEERS, 112% OAK: CIRCLES
Tuesday, 8 p. X., Thursday, 2 p. v ; readings.
MRS.C. J. MEYER— TESTCIB, 2 AND 8 P.M.:
tests to all; 10c: sittings. 826 McAllister su
UK.MOVAL- FRED KVA.NS, THE Si-ATli-
X\ writing medium, Is now located at 1122 Markeu
MRa KATE HOSKINS' CIRCLES; TUBS. *
Fri., 8 p.m. ; readings dally, 9L 701 McAllister.
RS.J.J. \\ HITNE Y, SPIRITUAL MEDIUM,
for messages and advice. 218 Stockton su
£1 X LAKKIN— BRANCH OFFICE OF THH
OX»» Cam.: subscriptions and x want ail*, taken.
HYPNOTISM.
HYP.NOTISM CURES WHEN ALL ELSE
fails: al«o Hypnotic Inst.. 60'Farrell.
.LOST.
L OST — FOX-TERRIER, WHITE BODY,
Mack head, little white on head. Return to
1500 Larkin st., and receive reward. ; • •• ■
ET. 11TH ANJ' O'FAKRKLL, LADY'S GOLD i
watch, iieturnW. U.Tet, Palace Hotel. Reward.
,i. AY HORSK, WTRAYKD TO TWENTY-
I • nfth and »-otrero aye. Inquire at residence.
OST— S.KYK TERRIER DOG;. NAME MUZ-
xie; 2143 tag; reward. 16 and 18 Geary st.
LOST— TWO DIAMOND RINGS, MAY 18 ON
Xj O'Farrell, Markeu Third, South Park or Brau-
n»n. ■ Return to 336 O'FarreU st and receive suit-
able reward. ; • --
•1 OST-ABSTBACT OF TITLE AND OTHER
l ' papers -.o property in city of Alameda. Please
communicate with J. S. IiANLEY, 1351 Park st.?
Alameda; '':■-> --• , ,
-V-KWFOUNDLAXD ST. BERNARD ■ DOG;
-LV breast, feet, tip of tail white: one ear cut- re-
ward. K. KEARNEY, corner Spear and Folsoto.
.UNDERSIGNED HAS LOST HIs'cHECK
X made 01 " l 0 his own Oder on the Nevada Bank
of Sau'Frauci-.co tor the sum of $2000- said check
w.s certified July 2AlBt6.underNo.ls2B- all per-
eons are here by warned .against uegotiating the
8 h m T v^\i' A ym nt lhereof >>•>* been stopped. S. C.
UEIN A.-., Tempe, Arizona. •* BUSINESS CHANCES.
Q- '^f) SALOON: 4 LIVING-ROOMS AND
*^ • wU. baili; established ileven yearn; doing
crod prontaole bu mess; must be suldat/nce; • i
V* ncr has o b«r busluess in country. Apply aL I i
I SS, a Fourth s'.
f^ I
C ~ ~xl\ Bt STAURAST, BETWEEN LARGE :
U, « uy. factories and f .undrles: receipts «9UO I
T*t month; rent very reasonable: bears thorough ■
iavestigaifo.i. App yM. LESS, 5 Fuuith St.
Qj'.fl HOTEL AND BAR. .NEAR LARGE 1
.'■ UOU. factori-s, with 12 furnish) d rooms; :
rpnt reasonnble: good bargain: must be tola at
once. M. LESS, 5 Fourth su
Q'j^n RESTAUHANT. with living-
<J}*JU\J. rooms; vicinity of factories and shops: '
present owner there for IS years a. d made a for-
tune; selling on account of retiring irom business.
M. LESS, b Fourth st.
tO^A corner saloon, established !
*. -i)U. m;iny years; well worth $750; rent
130: 3 llvliig-rcoms: owner owns proptriv: bear
thorough investigation. M. LKss, 5 Fourth st.
Vftflft bake/.y IN fine location
'?\)\J\J. north of Market su. near Kearny:
bakes one barrel flour per day; all cash »iore
tintl> ; living-rooms: run by present owner 13
years; proprie or also owns the building and will
Rive a lease. M. LESS. 5 Four.h st.
Q'JC- RESTAUHANT WITH 5 FUR-
*» • ' •*J • rushed living-rooms; in present owner's
bands over 6 years; done an Al business: reg-
ular boarders: aso transient trade; cheap rent;
actuai bargain. M. LE>s, 5 Fourth st.
QIXA BRANCH BAKERY AND DEL-
OIOU. lcacy store lo the Mission: 4 living-
rooms; rent low: good, steady trade: full value i
la stock; good fixtures. M. I.E-S, 5 Fourth su
(ii-"(| fDKXER SALOON IN BUSY NEIGH-
«i?UUVi. borhood: old established corner: well
furnished: reni moierete; good business for the
j right man. M. I.K>S. 5 Fourth st.
WQl||) S-VLOUN NEAR THE MAZK: ELE-
<U v\J\i. pantlv fitted np: well established; do-
cingan Al business ren reasonable: disagree-
°, Taent of partners came of sale. M. LE->S, 5 Kourth.
637:, BRANCH I'AKERV IN BUSY
, c <JO I «'. locality north 01 Market: near schoo
-, t 3 nice llvmg-rooms: r.-nt lo»\; well si, cueil ; h
; genuioe oargain. M. LESS, 5 Fourth st.
SQOn BAKERY IN ONE OF LIVELIEST
t^OyiyJ. towns for ita vise in ihe J-tate: bakes I
one and a half barrels of flour per day; good h-T»e I
«i.l wagon; v! tirsi-ciass, .aso irade. M. i.F.s*. I
5 Fourth st. I
•S^rXo CORKKB orocemy AND BAR in
♦_ Uw. the Western Addition; practically no-
opposition: tine fixture*: well stocked: old estib.
Li-bed corner: has a bi trade; worth nver $1000
M. LEs>. 5 FourtU su
' \ TTEXTION, BUSINESS MEN - CORNER
- V bit saloon; nev<r closed doors for the last ilO
yenis- doing a first-class i-ayln? bnsiti^-s; average |
irom $70 to $100 p-r duv; large stock of choicest I
wblskjes, eic. : owner to retire to pr vnto Hie; j
. leasft- price *5000. For full panicu:ars call ou I
WILKE, 7b3 Markets:.
$'-()() BAKBBY IN FA>T UROWING
»)\J\'. n«-I.'hborhcod; h"rse and wsgon; good
store trade; must sell ai once. \\ ILKIi. TS3 Mar-
ket st.
• Q^.nr\ French mquorstohe in .mis-
iu)'J\J\J. sion; 2 living-moms: rent $18; do.ng
good business. WILi^K, 783 Marke st.
ONE OF THE OLD: AND BKh'l-PAYINO
ceffee salouns. with bakery en < confectionery;
all store trade: choicest locatun In th^ city; wili
be told at half its value on accouu: of sickness.
Particulars of WILKE. 783 Marker st.
CJjinAA ELEGANT SALOiN: BEST LO-
•■ J-V.'V.'U. cation: in center of business quarter;
. . tine stock of liquor: large day« ir<jdc>: disagrpe-
ru«nt of partners causs of sac WILKE, 783
JUarkei st.
Q"| f\(\ri BOARDING-HOUSE AND SA-
OJ-VV/U. loon, with billiards: Including build-
' tne; near the Mail docc; place well worth ?l!00J:
owner sick in hospital aud must sacrifice. Ap- I
. : . WIIKF. 783 Markets:. 1
QlO.no. old established FRCIT AND
'. O- \JVJ\J . ve?e:able store, near Market »U.
wth large patronage: 2 horses, " wagons; owner
has other business and must saenn'ce. Appiy
. WILKE, 783 Market st.
Q£fMl PAYING SALOON IN BUTCH-
-OOUli. ertown, near slaughter- estab-
lished for years: haviai; a good steady trade:
owner mu3t leave to settle estate. App»y WILKE,
783 Market st.
: DX^A DAIRY AND PRODUCE, DELICACY
■ K?OU\J. and fancy grocery: city of 15.000 In-
habitants; close to San Francisco: money-making
tlace: ownpr «acnhces lo attend to large estate.
. ILKE. 783 Market su
(SjQKfk GOOD PAYING SALOON O-N EAST
ti* <JU\.'. St., opposite the Oakland ferry; t> bar-
• gain. Apply WILKE, 7ts3 Market si.
r Gf^O^. GROCERY AND BAR: 4 ROOMS:
. •T— —O. great bargain. GUS bTRAND, 1118
■ Market si.
Q^'n RESTAURANT: MASON ST.;
"O*^OVJ. clears $75 a month; ba.galn. GUS
STRAND, 1118 Market st.
Q-l -rv PARIXKR WAHTKD TO-DAY IN
• . 1 iJU, commission business; will clear f 76 a
•month to each. See STK AND, 1118 Market st.
QQXn BRANCH BAKEHY, CANDY, GRO-
•3OO\J. ceries. etc.: beautiful city across the
bay; 3 lODms, yard and chicken-. .ousp: stable:
iurniture of rooms included. HEALY, 917 Markeu
O'AA LIQUOB SALOON NEAR FOURTH
•71JUU. and Market, doing a business r'.t-aring
100 ptr month. W. F. HEALY, 917 Market st.
. QwA SHOiSMAKEK-SHOP, WITH ToOLS;
OCU. party five years in place; low rent.
. BASJLE A CO., 873^ Market su
LSTARATEURB, ATTENTION: $175 RES-
-li taurant: worth $500; must s?ll; first-class
fixtures. BASILE <t CO., 8731,2 Market st.
c.(in CORNER BRANCH BAKERY. CANDY
•". •_ ' n ' store ;?ood business. 8A51LK,673% Mrkt
" j r.KAT SNAP: CORNER SALOON, WATER
*JT front: fine busi&ess: must sell at onre: cause
oi sale, other business. BASILE, S?^^ Market.
' r..),-/| SALOON, NORTH OF MARKET;
y-iJU. must D» sold at once on account of de- |
parture: cheap rent. BASILE <E C 0.,873% Market, j
ROCEKYMEN. ATTENTION (CUT THIS
' r out)— Offer wanted for new elegant corner gro-
cery 4 blocks from Baldwin Hotel; bon torn trade
of the city: foh stock of choice groceries. de:ica-
i i-s, family liquors, cigars, eic, including horse
aid new delivery wagon. WINSTON & THOMAS,
b46 Market st.
OR KALE-CHEAP; FIKST-CL CORNER
saloon; estabished 18 yearn; long lease, cheap
{ retit; must sell this uee*: owner going East. Call
> \V. corner Ninth and Folsam sts.
T>ELIABI>K YOUNG M.AN OF NEAT AP-
' Jl pearance. with $250, who understands gro-
cery Knd delicacy business. Address G., box 8,
this oflic?.
"DUTCHERS-MARKET 15n PRINCIPAL
■ Xj avenue for sale at half value ot fixtures. P.
BAKER, 407 Sixth St., Oakland.
_
TT'OR SALE— CHEAP: WINE AND LIQUOR
X 1 store; cheap rent; must be so d. Call at once,
820 Valencia su
ft]O' BRANCH BAKERY, OTION-
iJlOi), »tore; 6 furnished rooms; sacrifice.
2222 Mission St.
;Vi US STRAND, 1118 MARKET bT. WILL
vjr sell your business quick for cash.
.". {JOAA FKITI>TOKE WITH HOR3E AND
• «JP UU. wagou. Ir quire Call Office.
' G> iK.fk WELL-PAYING BUTCHKR-SHOPIN
• <Jp OU. gjod locality. Apply B. 8.. box 33, Ca11.
pH,AK, FRUIT STORE. WITH FIXTUREB.
j \j 1739 Mission St., opp. Woodward's Gardens. .
' rr" f\ RESTAURANT: WHOLESALE DIS-
JJ^ I O\J. trict;clearsslsOamo G., box 19, CalL
' IMABLE YOUNG LADY WANTS OEN- j
• £j tleman partner. K. 13, iO2 Taylor s:., -d fioor
C» "f\ OLD ESTABLISHED CORNER ORO-
rj)4OU. eery and bar: 5 living-rooms; rent
535. Hib?rnia Brewery.
' RESTAURANT AND SALOON JiOING GOOD
J t rusinesb; situated In best part of the city. In-
quire at this office.
OR SALE— GENERAL MARKET: CEN-
trally located; no reasonable offer refused,
Owner, box 77, Call Office.
SMAI^L GROCERY AND BAR; 4 LIVING-
O rooms; cheap rent; price $180. J. D., box 77,
Call Office.
• r. f\f\ BUYS TO-DAY Al BARBER-SHOP;
gIUU make an offer. 1944 Markeu. old stand.
/IENTLEMAN partner wanted by
XX young Eastern lady. 207 Post st, room 8.
IGAR-STORE FOR SALE; CHEAP. CALL
at 145 Third st.
' ~\Tov. BEN T - FAMILY RESTAURANT:
. T large uining-room: French ranee; 2 suites of
rooms; baih, etc Apply W. B. CLL'Fr',l7 sixth.
F INE OFFICE BUSINESS AT GREAT BAR-
gain. UNDERWOOD. 785 Market St. :
/^ANDY STOKE AND FACTORY, ICECREAM
\J parlors, soda fountain busiLess: $10 to $16 ;
dally; cheap: near Call building. Apply 45 Third. |
UAKBERa, ATTENTION-CHANCE TO BUY !
XJ Al barber-^hop and baths at a bargain. Infor-
■ matlon of E. H. TANN ER, 30 lurk su. sa'oon.
"patent for SALE-WE invite jnspec-
X tlon ot moaels and deed at 807 Kearny St., from
10 a. v. io 3 p. if. !
MEAT MARKET; WHOLKSALK AND KE-
taU: owner would like reliable partner to as- -
sist in management. AJ. 0., box 92, Call Oflice._
TO LET-FURNISHED BARBER - SHOP; I
only first-cltss workmai need appiy. Partic- <
urar* 560 Howard su '
LIiXE GROCEHY AND BAR FOR SALE,
X with living-rooms; £ooa location. 318 Clay. [ ■
BUSINESS CHAXCES-Contlnued.
TTIGHESTCASH PRICE- PAID FOR FURNI-
XX ture. restaurant, saloon fixtures and grocerr
stocks. bTcNBKRG. 632 Market; tel. main 1043.
<2»Qfm WOOD. COAL, HAY, GRAIN AND
ts)<J\J\J . boarding stable-, owner ner-» 10 years:
retiring on account of old age. 8 TEN BERG, 632
MarKet s-
HC99F\ SALOON IN A GOOD LOCATION:
t.. *J—t/. low rent: doing a profitab c business;
see to-day. STbNBERG <t CO., 632 Market st.
<£ft^fl CORNER SALOON NEAR mar-
«U \JtJ\J. ketst.: large slock: fine fixtures: big
nuht tradp ; private rooms; burjraln for 2 young
men; Investigate. *TENBEKG«kCO.. 632 Market.
QjfiO DELICACY AND DAIRY PRODUCE:
<ptIV7V/. central location; low rent: fine place
for man and wife; clenrs $100 a month: value in
slgnt. SIKNBEKG & CO., 6<s2 Marke. St.
RESTAURANT; GOOD LOCATION:
<}J;tJc>V/. ri:ie lixturt-*: low ren:; doing good
business; trial given. BTKNBfc.BG, 632 Markec.
FOR SALK— ON ACCOUNT OF DEATH;
barber-shop, 2 chairs: price $45: 1441 Howard
st. For further particulars inquire 17 Stockton
St., upstairs. . ■ -
pARTNER-YOUNG MAN WTTH SMALL
X capital to invest in an established saloon buii-
ness; money to be invested in business. Address
P.. box 104, Call.
BARBER-SHOP for SALE. ADDKESS L.
XJ 8., Box 19.
Ef-TABLISHKD 4 YKARS; CANDY AND ICE-
creum stand; trade for loc. 403 Jones st.
Cit/17^ CORNER SALOON FOR SALE ON
tj£ TI O. Fourth su Inquire Call Office
GROCERY AND BAR FOR SALE; OWNER
selilng account of sickness. 240 Minna st.
T r KRY FINE BAR AND GROCERY-STOKE;
\ fixtures. Inquire 795 Mission st.
IMRST-CLABS CORNER SALOON FOR SALE.
1 Inquire LEVY <fe CO.. 795 Mission St.
IMNk CuItNER NOTION- -TORE: CHEAP;
X I bakery, cigars, etc. i7Ol Mission
Oj'nil CORNER GKOCERY', BAR AND
O'-H'"'. two rooms; good stock and fixtures:
must sell at once on account of departure; Urge
trade. Business Exchange, 777 Market su
K.*RE CHANCE TO BUY A WATKK-FKONT
saloon a a sacrifice; disagreement of paitner-
shl;> cause of saie. all at 90 s-hU'ley St., cor. 4'.h.
Meat MARKET and PrtODUCK-STORE
f>rsale: small capital required: full investi-
gation. C. F. J.. Call i ttlte, Aiumeda.
IJIOK — ■HOEMAKEH SHOP: CHt-'AP;
. account i.l bea'th. Address L. SCHLESSEL-
JIANN, Watsonvil c, C«l.
G-/-nn iIGAR-STORK: NW. COR. CALI- |
tj; UUU. fornla and Kearny sts- Apply at store. ;
"LOR s a E-EST. Bl ISHKD JEWELKY j
X 1 bu*lnts> iv city of 5000; a bargain for cash. !
Box 176, 1 eta urn«, C'h!.. lor partirulars.
OPPORTUNITY SEI-DOM OKFKRrDIN THE I
\J saioon business: first-cla^s sa oon, fine stock :
and fixtures; au established trade: must se.l; i
preseut owner has omer busiiiesi to a. tend 531 I
Callfurnia st.
Q.A -n CHICKEn'rANCH: 400 CHICKENS, !
• j ttcJU. horse, wagon, cow., etc. Inquire J. H. j
BAPTIST, 319 Kearny st.
rOK SALE —SACRAMENTO AGENCY Ol?
£ this paper. For particulars 1:. quire Call Office.
PORTLAND AGENCY THIS PAPER. IN^
JL quire this office or at 133 Third su, Portland.
Oregon. :.'",'
ALOON FOR SALE CHEAP. APPLY BE-
O fore 12 m. Railroad Brewery. 427-4 -.9 Valen-
cia su ■:■ -1.
/•I' LAHKIN-BKANCH OFFICE OF THE
Ult) CALL Subscriptions and want ads taken.
LODOING-HOI7SES FOB SALE.
i
D— 14-room house on 1- ddy st 3.0 |
23-room house, $300 cash, ba'. payments 600 .
18-room bouse, only $200 cash. bal. paymts. 600 |
3t5-room ljo.ise on Market st 830
14-room bouse on Sutt»r St.; very good 450 |
23-room house: clearing $ICO 1400 I
l-'-rocm house, corner: fine for doctor l'-'UO 1
16-room house on Fifth su, only 450 I
Other bargains. DECKEH. 1030 Market St.
GUS STRAND, 1118 MARKET ST.. WILL I
sell your lodglDg-hoase quick for cash.
Qll^n HOUSE, 23 ROOMS. FIFTH, NEAR !
OOOU. Mantei; bargain. GUS STRAND, 1118 !
Markets:.
O'JAA CASH, BALANCE MONTHLY PA V-
C»"v ments $25. buys new house «f 24 rooms; '
rent $30. WIN&TON & THOMAS, 648 Markeu
ilj ROOMS, MARKET ST.: FINt PAYING: }
—~t departure cause selling; snap $500 I
23 rooms. boarding, elegaou 1.000 i
16 rooms, new, mtxiern. north Market. - 900
UNDERWOOD, 765 Market st.
/•'-ROOM HOU^E; CLEARS $225 $4000
\JO 124-room house; clears SlOO 3000
11-room houss: good locailo.n 550
Lodgins-bouses bought, sold: money loaned on
chattel mo.-tgaces. DaWEs & CO., 632 Market.
mj7C/, HODSE Of 26 ROOMS; BEST LOCA-
•u 1 O\J. Hon on Mark't su; a rare bargain:
owner is leaving for Europe. WILKE, 783 Market.
HOU-E OF 18 ROOMS, WELL FURNISHED.
8 Clay st
FURNITURE FOR RALE.
rOR SALE-FURNITURE 'OF 2 OR 3
£ rooms; rent $7. 645 Natoma st.
l?OK SALE - FURNITURE FOR 6-ROOM
£ house complete; comparatively new. Apply
548 Fourth st.
IpURNITURE 4 ROOMS FOR SALE CHEAP:
' owner going Eest. Call 1435 Pacific aye.
SAVE MONEY— BUY J- URNITUKK FROM
Buckingham Fur. Co.. 86t> Mission; advances.
HOU-EHOLD iIANGKS AXE THE BEST
JOHN F. MEYERS CO.. 947 Market It.
CARPET CLEANING.
pARPETS CLEANED <t RENOVATED LIKE
new. 23 Tenth: teL South 36. Mackintosh Co.
pARPETa CLEANED, RENOVAIED LIKE
\J new. J. IicQUEEA, 4S3 Stevenson. Tel. b.2J&
ADVANCE CARPET-CLEANING CO.. 402
j\- sutter; tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM. prop.
ITY STKAM CARFET-CLJSANjNG WORKS:
cleans, mores, lays carpets. G. H. S-TEVENH,
Mgr n 38 and 40 Klgbth St.: telephone South 250.
T WaTTS. reliable rarpet-cleaniug renovtg, alter-
-0 . ctlon works. 413 McAllister. leL Jessie ML
pARPET-<:LEANING, 3c: LAYING, 8c; RUG
\J Eamples free: tel. Jessie 944. btratto.n. 38th s-
Ur IIEN YOU BECOME DIJSGUbTEU WITH
poor work send toSPAULDING'S Pioneer
p«t-beatln; Works, 353-57 Tebama St.: tel. Sa 4J.
JE. MITCHELL, CAKPET-CLEAMNU CO.,
. 240 14th su : cleaning 3c a yard. Tel. Mis. 7 L
pONKLIN'S CARPET • BEATING WORK*.
\J 333 Golden Gale aye. Telephone East 12&
FOR SALE— MISCELLANEOUS.
GAS ENGINE AND MILK SHAKE FOR
sale. Iredaie, 952 Mission su \; -
SILVER OPEN-FACE STOP WATCHES FOR
$10; cost $25. Uncle Harris, IB Grant aye.
pHICK EN-RANCH CHEAP Jr"OR CASH;
\J chtckens, ducks, incubators, breeders, etc. Ad-
dress S. L., Fruit vale.
•yOUNG FULL-BREED HUNTING DO.-S FOR
JL sale cheap. 473 Tebama st.
JjC GOOD SINGER Sh. WING -MACHINE:
t&O. renting, repairing; all kinds exchanged.
1559 Market sU
I^Ott -ALE-ENGLISH-MADE HORSE SAD- I
die; good state; cheap. 17 Stockton St.. rm. 77.
SAFES— NEW A-\D bKCUiNL'-UANU' «509
Market t>t_
1 7-HOKSK-PoWER ENGINE, 1 4-HORSi'-
-1 power engine, with I oiler, gavengine, lathes,
nlaners and shapers. 616Slx'.hsu
AKS. BACK BARS, MIRRORS, SHOW-
i > cases, counters, linoleum, office furniture,
(tore and office fnrnlturs and fixtures, new and
second hand. J. N< ONA.v, IUI7-lUl»-lU2l-)U2i ,
Mission sc . above Kixth.
buIU;KS,KXUI.MiiS,.'D-U AND MACHINERY
XJ water-pipes. Mclntosa & Wolpman. 137 Beala.
COFFEE MILL. SCAJLES. LE'ri'KK PRESS,
VJ stand desk, money llil, safe: cheap. 102 Clay.
ARS, SHOWCASES, COUNTERS. BHELV-
I> iue, ate, bought and sold. iob3 Mission, nr. 7th.
T Ai-GE DOUBLE CUMPAKIMWi 1 COiJi
XJ bank safe; clies.>. ' t Mission su
ATEW H.LMWOOD RANGES ARE THE BEST.
x\ W. 8. BAY MFU. CO. la California su ...
NE SMALL MKUIUM AND LARGE-SIZB
ore and burglar proof safe. 109-111 Market SL
SEWING MACHINES.
CL" 1 k NEW 6-DRAWER NEW HOME SEW-
•JTIO. Ing-machine. 1915 Mission St., near
Fliteentb. -
ATTORNEYS- AT-L
ADVICE FREE; DIVOI'.CIS LA Ws A SPEC
J\. laity: private; no fee without success; probate
Insolvency, collections, patents, trademarks, etc.
obtained: private detectlvps: estab.lshed 10 years
3. W.HOWJ-., atty 1aw ,850 Market, cor. S.ocktn
W. KINO. ATTORNEY- A T-L AW, CHRON
. icle building; advice free; lowiees; all caaei
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MAY 21, 1897.
HOUSES TO LET.
T ARGE SUNNY CORNER— I-STORY COT-
XJ tage; 12 rooms: partly furnished; : 2 bath-
rooms: plenty of closets and storerooms; pantry,
laundry and conservatory, large lawn and b--anti-
fnl flower garden; at the Mission. J. F. PLUMBE,
1402 Valencia
■I OQ CASTRO. COR. FIFTEENTH - FINE
l^O house; 8 rooms and bath; $35. ■
TTOUPE OF 9 ROOMS; FIRST CLASS STYLE;
XX 1911 Buchanan st. HOOPER & LENT. 14
Post St.
8 ROOMS; BATH: YARD. 17 HAMPTON
place, offFolsom, between Second and Third.
SMALL ROOMING-HOUSE TO RENT; FUK-
nilure for sale. Apply 1061 FoUom su
Or.l JE&SIE-HOUSE OF 6 ROOMS; $19.
00 ( E ASTON, tLDKIDGE <feCO.,e3B MarKet.
Q>Q 132 HICKORY AYE.; HOUaE OF 3
«3)O. rooms: large yard; water free.
dTJQfI 8 ROOMS, BATH, WATER, STABLE.
Kjp^yJ, 129 Cumberland St., nr. Dolores.
n-AQ WASHINGTON— 7 ROOMS; BATH:
_DUi/ first-class location and condition; large
garden.
OUSKS TO RENT FOR VERY LITTLE
money Dt BALDWIN & HOWELL'S, 10
>'ontffon!ery st.
FURNISHED HOUSES.
ENLO PARK: $16: FURNISHED HOUSE.
i'l DUFF <fe DoYLE. or 633 Guerrero »U. city.
COTTAGES TO LET.
Qfl£ POTREKO AYE.— MODERN COTTAGE,
OUO 5 rooms, bath, yard, basement; rent 915.
OOfk MONTH LV WILL PAY FOR A NEW
•_— v i room and bath cottage on Diamond st ;
large 10" ; street work done. Apply at 3207
Twenty-second su, corner ot Mis^iou, after 7:30
P. M.
flfcl 7 FINE COTTAGE. 4 ROOMS, BATH
O-L I . and large basement. 220 Thirteenth St.,
near HowarJ.
£.J.i SUNNY COTTAGE OF 4 LAI.GE
r3J)lr». rooms, basement, yard. 1864 Fif.eenth
st., near Dulortrs.
l'NN\ 4-ROOM COTTAGE, YARD. $11;
flat, 6 rooms, 15. t>23 second su
TO LKT- COTTAGE 5 l;oo.u.-3 a.nD BATH;
i«>D'. $18 449 Bryti"t st. "
IXATS TO LKT;
Q1 Q^ DOKK— A SUNNY FLAT OF 4 ROOM^;
01 rent $8.
m. 7 -l\ 11 SOUTH PARK: LOWEK FLAT
•Jr 1 .01. ot 4rooms: fir >t r>r.ter. BOV'Ei,
TOY it SO -NTAG. 3J Mon g^mtr • st.
ENTs TO SUIT TU-- TIMtSS; DEMRABLK
flats, all conveniences, $16 antl $ib. 8v;8
Lombard SU
1 rjnCl PO*T— 3, 4 A.VI) 5 ROOM Fi-ATS:
X UO bmhs: garUen; rent $15.
<£. l O UPPER FlAI: 5 KOoMb AND BA'IH.
<p 1 O. 1625V3 P.tie si., above Van Ness aye.
Q; if: 4- boom cottage and large
O i O. gardea. 435^4 Minna s:., bet. Finn aud
Sixth. ;'. : :■■■■'..■/. r
m~~ . ELM AVK.-CPPEK AND LiiWKR
I fiat, $b aud $6. Inquire 1512 Go.den
Gate aye.
1 HYDE-7 CHOICK SUNNY ROOMS
X I lv and garden: reat reasonable.
ICA7 STEINKR — ¥UNNY MODERN
JA U I •£ lower fiat: 5 Urge rooms and bath.
ffi.QX MODERN tLAT. S ROOMS, BATH: 1
t^J.t). or2tamllles. 11-8 Howard St., near 7ih.
f)' O HARRIET. bet. SIXTH and BEV-
JLOij enth— Upper flat: 3 rooms: rent cheap.
UN ALL DAY — LOVELY LOWER MODERN
5-room flat; mu§i be seen to be appreciated;
rent 18, water free. 3980 ineteenth si., cor. Noe.
]\T ICE FLAT, 3 ROOMS AND BATH, 59, 2 ZOE
X* st., coruer Bryant.
C)f\(\ ELEGAXTCOrTAGES, FLATS; PRICKS
ZUU reduced from 35 to B^s. At bPECK <fc
COb , 60'J Market st.
air LOVELY FLAT 5 ROOMS; SUN ALL
ipJi). day; bah; gas; cars pass tue door. 1512
Castro St., near Tweuty-fifib.
LATS t7> LET FOR VEKV LITTLE
£ money at BALDWIN <£ HOWELL'S, 10 Moni-
lomery su
I HEAP UODER.V FLATS. 6 AND 6
\J rooms, CBlO $16: ■•« th>ru. ft2S u <>venth »t.
HOUSEKEEPINO KOOSIS.
Eddy Street-
11Q EDDY-SUITES AND SINGLE ROOMS
II Cfor housekeeping ; other sunny rooms cheap.
X- 11 111 Mreo..
Ql A FIFTH— 2 SUNNY FRONT CONNECT-
Ol.ti ing rms; stove: closet: bath; private; $10.
99' FIFTH-CLEAN SEKEEPING; 2,
«J— ') $10; 3, $13; double parlors; kitchen; un-
furriisheU.
Jtillmore Streeu
nnnnt FILLMORE. NEAR CLAY - FLAT
— .*mi\JO'£ 4 iurnlsbed rooms and bath, $18.
XluHil.lt StlCO..
r7C\A HOWARD, CORNER THIRD-NICELY
I U7 furnished front rooms, also housekeeping;
$5, $10 and $12 for suits.
I 1 An HOWARD- 3 NICE FURNISHED
1 I "ii rooms; ra-ge; water: rentslo.
■lackeon Street.
oai Q JACKSON (IN ELEGAST BESl-
ij\Jx i/ dence) — 3 furnished housekeeping
rooms; $18.
t-tiMp Mree:.
AQQ JESSIE— NICK FURNISHED, SUNNY
"irOO housekeeping rooms, rent $10; also others.
Market Street.
-I -t «r "I MARKET-2 OR 8 SUNNY ROOMS
1 J»)l for nousekeeplog.
McAllister Street.
4C)C) MCALLIPTER-NICELY FURNISHED
l^±. rooms for housekeeping.
«1 I 1 McALLISIER— 3 LARGE PLKA-.ANT
OX 1 2 front, bay-window, unfurnished house-
keeping rcorm; closet: 2 pautries: bath; cheap.
Mason street.
A-\ n MASON— NIC* LV FURNISHED SUN-
"IO ny pariors: rooms suitable for light house-
keeping: reasonable.
-Miiuiit Street. .
r MINNA-FURMSHED ROOMS, COM-
urxD plete for housekeeping; large yard.
JQ MINNA-2 NICELY FURNIuHED SUN.
O^O ny housekeeping rooms.
3ii««inn Street. -
QA r MIBSION-2 LARGE SUNNY ROOMB,
O^tO furnished comnlet* for housekeeping.
loci MISSI iN, COR. NINTH— 3 LARGE
I •— O 1 connecting housekeeping rooms; $14.
Mosh Street. .
-I o MOBS, OFF HOWARD, NR. BKVENTH— 2
-LG rooms, furnished complete for housekeeping
>utoma Street.
CC NATOMA-2 SUITES OF HOUSEKEEP-
-000 Ing: rent $8, $10 per month. Apply after- ;
noon.
Nmlli Street. :
<T)(\ NINTH, NR. MARKET-2 OR 3 HOUSE-
ZU keeping rooms, or single, $10; stove, water,
gas. - ■ ■ ■ '. ■•-
fceventh Stree:.
IQd SEVENTH— I LARGE ROOM, FUR-
-1 CO mshed for housekeeping: reasonable.
-I AC% hEVENTH (GIRARD)— BUIIESS AND
X.^Zt kitcnens;al6O single rooms;newly renovated
. bievtnton Street.
CQ'l 6TJBVENSON-HjAT OF 6 SUNNY
tJOOs rooms, unfurnished: rent reasonable.
Tenth Street.
1 CIA TENTH-LARGE FRONT ROOM WITH
1 Zrx kite en, also single, cheap. -
ihim srree:.
THIRD — 2 UNFURNISHED HOUSE-
OO^r keeping rooms: rent $6. water inclnded.
Turk Street.
or Q TURK- FURNISHED HOUSEKEEi*-
<—<)•) Ing room. $9. • : . : ■ ,
Twenty-first Street..
QQ7Q TWENTY- FIKST, NEAR VALENCIA
ZjZi I C —Furnished housekeeping rooms; bath ;
opr-erbell. -■;. -..•.•.■ • ■ :■ -' :■- :.'":■.
HOTELS.
1J ROOKLYN HOTEL, 208-2X2 BUSH BT ''
XJ board and room $1 to |2 per da/, f 6 to $12
ftr week; - choice ; rooms - CO. cents to .: $1; • suite
looms lor family $1 to SI 50 per night: I nrs'^-cla»j
**r>it«: tf«e toacb. tiiAKLiia iluMOUiltiU j
ROOMS TO .: LKT.
Caiuornia Streec. . ;
1 Al Q CALIFORNIA-5 OR 6 NICELY FUR-
l^rl O nished rooms: sunny; good location.
; Chesley Street.
OQI C. CLAY, REAR-NICF. FRONT ROOM
ZOX O well furnished, S4, to quiet lady or gem.
Eddy Stree:.
3 EDDY - FURNISHED FRONT ROOMS:
O light b< usekeeping permitted; $2 25 per week
up; also single, $1 SO.
liilClith Streec.
CHERMA* APARTMENT HOUSE. ?« BTH
0 st.. near arket: turnished and unfurnished.
OiA EIGHTH. NKAK i'uLSOM-3 LARGIS
OIU rooms; rent $10.
*-*iis Street.
ROYAL HOUSE, 128 ELLIS— INCANDES-
cent lights: reading-room, smoking-room and
ladies' -parlor: rooms, per night, 350 to fl 50:
week. S2 to $8: month, $8 to $30; elevator on
office floor; rooms with hot and coid water: baths.
iiith street.
THE COSMOPOLITAN - SELECT FAMILY
hotel: 100 Fifth st., cor. Mission: rooms
60c, 76c and 81 per night: $2 to $5 per week. "
1 A 7 FIFTH— PLEASANT SUNNY UNFUR-
X\J I nished rooms to let.
i>«arv Streei.
n r GEARY- 4 UNFURNISHED ROOMS:
— 1 O also other r.oms suitable for business; key
at 217. - - ■■■
r I Q GEARY-ELEGANT BUNNY SUITE OF
010 parlors; other rooms; board or light house-
keeping: piano.
THE MAKTI.NET, 1101 GEARY, S\V. COR.
Van Ness— tiaudaome suites, uewiy furnished.
Grant Avenue.
I 7 ORANT AYE. - CHANGED HANDS;
1 I quiet house; housekeeping rooms; iranilent
a specialty.
i)one> Mveo;.
On 7 JONES 'THE VANWISKLK")-HAND-
Ld\J i somely furnished rooms, suites o single. •
,1 7 — NICE HOOJI FOR LADY IN
■Jl i Fiench f-niily. reference.
*.«arny MTJOt,
\ jaiNOTOV JIOL 1.. 2T ICKAKNV —
J-\_ Pleasant, sunny rocms.en tune purl single; Brs-
lit ss in ever, lesjjpct: leinu leaoouaulf.
i).k,l<cC Mttftf..
|Q)[' MARKET — NICELY FURNISHtD
I O"±O suniy rtoms. siugle or en suite, «6 up.
J.IAMI." Mr»J..
HAN( OCX HOUSK, "M MISSIO.V-. KFLKCT
lamlr,- ri)omnic-h"U»>'; *1 60 iosl j-er week.
C)EJ nl WIS-lOX — NICKLY FURNISHED
ZiOXXJ'ii sunny ro-in in privjite family ; reasou-
able. \
>«lo.:i:i S:r«JO..
7OH NATOMA - LABGEJ SUNNY FRONT
t —1/ room; suitable for 2 igentlemen; rent $8
per month. •
Sacramento Street.
IQOQ SACRAMH.\iu-3 KOOMS; SEPA-
XO£O rate entrance.
u-.11 f»;reot.
■I nr SIXTH-CHEAPTsT IN CITY: NICELY
XZU furulsned rooms, with or without pUuo.
: Taylor Street. :
Oin TAYLOR-SU.v V FURNISH ROOM
J-T.U lor 1 or 2 gentlemen; *7 and $8 a month.
BOARDIXU AND R00313.
MO EDDY— 2 SUNNY PARLORS FOR 2.
-llii 'with boara, $-0 each: back parlor, .918.
1 i\'J(\ Bl'bH, NE. COR. LEAVEN WORTH—
IUOU Large front room; board lor two, 543.
CnQ VAN KKKB AVE.-AKWLY rUK-
CUO nished mnny rooms or suite, with board.
7-1 41 POST-2 NICE -UNNY RUO S IOR 2
I LZ. with board; $18 each; use parlor and piano.
ILLIAM TELL HOUSE, 817 BUdH-FIN-
»» est rooming-house downtown: rooms single
and en suite; Ralston restaurant on ground floor.
ROOM FoR 2 GENTLEMEN WITH BOARD.
Germau home cooking; *5 a week. 625 Valen-
cia st. ■ , ;.
OTEL BKRTLTNG, 714 BUSH— A FAMILY
hotel: refer nces; all modern conveniences;
Ralston tab. es. if desired; new mtinaceinent.
CHILDREN BOARDED.
/"IHILDREN BOARDED: HEALTHY LOCA-
\J tion: near school; terms reasonable. 6323
Mission.
ANTED-BABY, ONE CHILD. TO BOARD:
large yard and good care. 2ti6 Thirteenth.
KRMAN LADY WOULD LIKE TO TAKE
XX children to board and lodge: terms very rea
sonable. Piease call at 2 Grand aye., beu Ninth
aud Tenth sts., < ff Mission.
Good Hume in germa.n FAMILY FOR j
child: terms reasonable. 204b Valencia st. '
\\r ANTEU— I OR 2 CHILDRKN TO BOARD;
" mother's care. AddresgBl9Vs Yo k
'7'^ STORES TO LKT.
&OA GROCF.RY STORK, COR. FOLSOM
> Ov/. and Falmuth sts.. Including fixtures. BO-
VEE, TOY & SONNTAG, 30 Montgomery su
TO LET— 44B FIFTH ST.— CORNER BTORE.
suitable for grocery and bar; 'rent cheap; good
location.
nuKNER SI'oRE: NEW FIXTURES; 3
\J rooms and s.able; rent low 600 Nlntn st.
TORE TcTl b.T. 107i/a FIFTH STREET. ■
OFFICES TO LKT.
T AROK ROOMB, WELL LIGHTED, 6UIT-
JJ able for offices or worsrooms; cneap. 241 A
Third st.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
ARE YOU ABOUT TO PURCHASE A PIANO?
JX We sell them for $:«, $4, $5, $6, $7, $8, $9, 910
per month; also for cash; the best makers of every
grade; don't pay ren;, when the same nion:hty !
payments will purchase one from us. SHERMAN, I
CLAY & CO., cor. Kearny and Butter ats., eiteia-
way dealers.
A BSOLUTELY THE OLDEST AND LARGEST
j\. . house west of Chicago Is KOHLER A
CHASE'S, 26, 28 and iJOo'Farrell si.; pianos, or.
gans and - all other musical Instruments, of all
grades and prices; terms easy: prices lowest;
everythlnc possible done u» please aiiU batlafy utd
customer. . ; .
A CTUALLY THE BEST BARGAINS IN PI-
J\. an o» ; monihly payments from *5 op: deliv-
ered free with stool and cover: correspondence
solicited. THE F. W. SPENCER COMPANY,
salesrooms 933 Market M., opp. UasOu; < «suui
llshed over 20 years.
ONA ' FIDK REDUCTION IN PRICES—
Haines, Knabe, Bush A Gerts and others; seo-
ona-baud pianos from . 100 up. W. c. HAMIL-
,'ION, successor to A. L. Bancroft ds Co., 824 x-'Ost
\\r A NTED - UPRI GH T PIANO; RENT
» » cheap; ' best of care; no children. 8., box 25,
Call Oilice. I
DMINIsTRATOR'tj BALE — MUST BELL;
xi. jnanoi at immense redaction for cash or on
installments. EaION EsTATifi, 735 Market st.
HAW, bTEINWAY, *260; ' CHICKERING,
8185; bargains, $4 a month; a vice omaU up-
right, »95; rent $'J up. HiilNfi, 13b Ellis »U ■
FINiS HARDMAN, WKBER AND STEIN-
£ way. sllgh tly used; bargains. Room 12, Flood
building. ■ •
S QUARK PIANO FOR SALE; NO REASON-
abIe offer refusea. Room a, 205 Thlid su
f>l Qf\ J ELEGANT GERMAN UPRIGHT;
XoO. on 95 Installments. 221 Leaven worth.
reat ■ bargain to-day- oprights
XX $125, $150, 9175. MAUVAIS, 769 Market.
OOD PIANO FOR SALE. OR RENT CHEAP.
XX SCHMITZ, 16 McAllister st.
E>LEGANT9BOO WEBER UPRIGHT, CHEAP.
£j BRUENN'S Piano-house, 228 Post su
NABE PIANOS: NEW bCALE; x NEW
Styles. KOHLEK * CHASE, 30 O'Farrell sU
AT SHERMAN, CLAY A CO.'S ONLY WILL
you find a stock of new stein way pianos- . .' "
WU, BADGEIC Av KNT FOX HALLET
: .<t Davis and Francis Bacon pianos. 415 hacto. '
BYRON MALSSY. SUB P^aT t bl.-sOHat^,
N ewbv & Evanr i Bricks aud other pianos. .1
UPERIOR VIOLINS, ZITHKKS, OLD A NEW
OH. ML'LLEU. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.'
/CHEAPEST AND BEST IN AMERICA—
\J WEEKLY CALL, sent to any address In the
United BtateBor Canada one year for 91 60, post-
ag free. ■- ■■ . ■.■■■-. ■-. * • - - ; -' - . ■-■>■: . •-- ■^—''
■ PROFESSIONAL CARDS. .
1 OHN E. KICHARD3, LAW GFFJCK& ROOJti
cf W and VI, Crocket MUIUHIK Mtl*|>UOlM JUM
76, Kan i rancisco, Cat.
CITT BEAT. estate.
NEW BLOCK." \ r '■"" ~™ "
. '■ JtbT SUBDIVIDED,
: ;:. V IN RICHMOND.
WE HAVE JUST CUT UP INTO LOTBTHK
'» hai dsome block bounded by 14th and 15tb
ayes., Polut Lobosave. and lement St., and
I art- offering same at very low prices, ranging
Kfrom $850 upward, on tt-rms of f5O cash,
$10 monthly; the street work is done around
the entire bock: Sutro cars pass the prop-
erty ; we want you to see these lots: they are
beauties; if you go our agent will be on the
ground witb diagrams; go at once and secure
your choice.
BALDWIN HOWELL, ■
10 Montgomery st.
VTKW COTTAGE; 5 HOH.MS AND BATH;
IN high basement; furnished or unfurnished;
everything firs. -class; no contract worK; uo ugent
need app y: uo c>>rumlss on given. Apply by let-
ter io F. J. TRIPLE IT, box 74, Ca office, s. F.
•pACIFIC HEIGHTS, 2420 GOUGH ST., NKAR
JT Broad New house, 8 rooms; marine view;
fine location: modern Improvements; eaey terms.
Apply ou premises.
Qili&(\ WILL BUILD 4-ROOM COTTAGE,
(]pODU with bathroom: will call. GEORGK M.
SALSBU V, Builder. 621 X St., Sunset He ghts.
PBOPKKTY TO EXCHANGE.
WANTED— GOOD CITY AND OAKLAND
property In exchance for first-class country
property; also, a Berkeley home in exchange for
fine country home 60 miles from San Francisco.
Particulars 632 Market St., room 5.
I JUNE COUNTRY PROPERTY EXCHANGE
1 city propprty: will assume. UNDeRWOOD,
765 Market s'. '
JIOXEI TO AN.
BORROW MONEY ON YOUR WATCHES,
diamonds aud jewelry at half the Interest you
pay e.sewhere. C'T KATE LOAN OrFiCE,
room 7, Flood building, entrance boy Market st.
A LOANS ON FURNITURE OR PIANOS,
. In b. F., Oakland or Alameda. at lowest rates:
without removal; do commissions: no delays
J. NOONAN, 1017 to i 023 .aiiasiuu au, above tilxiU.
telepbonr Jessie 41. ■
HIGHLY KE*PhCTABLK AND PKIVATK
piace to obiain liheral advances on diamonds
»nd Jenelry ot the lowest rrt:e«i. Baldwin Jewelry
S.ore, 948 M»rKt>t st. : lelophcme C,r«-en 204.
Qfcynfl l\i\t\ AT 6y 2 I'H.K CENT ON CITY
(JpOUU. \J\Jy ' ieal tsLate; also Oakland: es'.atei.
ire insurance, second wonan:.e, any num. Maa-
liutlMii Lotin Co., lo Mills binldine, ground floor.
NY AMOUNT; I!ST. tDOR 2IJMOKTtiAUfI-\,
J\. •.am vindivUJel ;n.en<iii, rial «-siate in pra-
hete: ltirnlturo enU ],lano« witnou: reiuoiu.
Ucl'ULiiA.V, Jl Montnomrr/ *t.. ronni H.
I OA.NSO.N KEAI. K>TATK B iM)-*: I.UWKST
Jj rates McAFEE BROS.. IUS ilomtomery st.
ON fUlt.M'l I'IANU->; .WITHOUT ■ KK-
muval; .ow lu:eres.; uo commUsious. 1404
StUCktOn St-
\\TilY I'AV HIU>I INT. ON l-JIAi.L LOANS.*
> i We loan at S>6c interest per nio. on each $10'J
'on Zd nioriKii^-; any ncurity. Uoid. box 4, CtilL
C;O»1- ii|i(|A'l' UANK KATES: JsT ASU
ij>O<uU.\JV\/ -jtl morteacet. estaiev iruts, etc.:
.iiniaiii.n-M 850. It. MUP.PtiV. KU Markeli:.
ANY AMOUNT OS PIANO WITHOUT RE-
moval; very low interest. 116 McAllister st.
NHKMIUKt; VEKY LOW INTEREST;
no commission. SCRIBNKII. 7 City Hall aye.
LOANS ON KfcAL ESTATK, BONDS. ETC.;
JU lowest rates, by McaFKE BROS., 108 Montgy.
OL* 1 AO.OOO ON LIFK INSURANCE POLICIES
SJ)IU low Interest. JOS. B. IOPLITZ, 83J Pliie.
Q, rf\ lv fiO.OUO; LOWEST KATE; IST <fc 2D
rJ)OU mortg. : any proposition. Dryden, 413 Mont
* NY SU.M, I>T OK 2ND MORTGAGES. KS-
J\. i:i>s in probate, etc. Km. 7. 508 California, st.
UNAKCIAX.
HAVE YOU SOMEMONF.Y TO INVEST IN
a sound business proposition; investors guar-
anteed lar«e rrofits and secured azainst any pos
sible lo<s by city income p-openy; the best invest-
ment ou the market; absolutely secure. F. C,
box 9, Call office.
WANTED-EUROPEAN PREMIUM BONDS,
>T listed or unlisted stocks; gold, stiver and
quartr bought and assayed. F. EPHKAIM CO.,
028 Market st., opp. Palace Hotel, S. F.
MEDICAL
\ LL LADIES USE *:.■''
A .
RENARD'S REGULATING WAFERS. .
RENARD'b LAVENDER BALM.
RENARD'S GEXETIVO TABLETS.
REXARD'S SAMTIVE DOUCHE.
For further particulars call or send 2-cent stamp
to Pacific Coast agency, Renard Medical Co., 323
SprecUels building, 027 MarKt-tst., San Francisco.
GUARANTEED SaFE, RELIABLE AND
EFFICIENT REMEDIES.
ALL CASKS OF MONTHLY SUPPRESSION
(from whatever cause) restored in a few
hours: safe and sure at any time; Instant relief tor
travelers; home in confinement: besc care and
privacy: regular physician; 'SO year*' successful
practice; my celebrated remedies for monthly
suppression never fall: every case guaranteed: con-
sultation free, confidential; hours 10 to o: pills
I4RS. DR. WYKIH. 91» Post St.. near Larklu.
h. J. H. JOS-OELYN, THE UK.fc.AT SPECIAL-
ist, still often his valuable services to the un-
lortunate. With a mind manured and enriched by
studies ot an advanced order, there is hardly a
disease In the catalogue of human ills he cannot
treat to a perfect cure. Ladles, be Is always ready
to assist you. His knowledge has been strength-
ened by extensive experience. No case peculiar
io your delicate organism is beyond his sura con-
trol. His female monthly remedies are sure and
tafe In their eff-cti. His tried and valuable reme-
dies for lost manhood are never-falling In their
action, ana are warranted for both yonn; and old.
He excels ail others in the cure of private dlseaaes.
over 5o years of practice enables him to warrant
a cure In all cases. Consultation parlors, i»Ui
Market st. Call or w rito direct vo DOtt Market at.,
rooms 11 and 12. ' " :
PROCESS THAT IS PERFECTLY HARM-
less; never fails In any case of monthly sick-
ness, no motter what cause: no electricity hum-
bug or other dangerous methods;- money in every
case refunded it a cure is not effected: . travelers
helped immediately; years' experience; home la
confinement with sanitarian convenience. Con-
eult free the only reliable physicians, DR. AND
MRS. DA VIES, 14 McAllister st., next Hlbernia
Bank: hours. 9a.x. to 6 and 7 to B p. v.
A PROCESS THAT NEVER FAILS TO RK-
store every case of monthly sickness from
whatever cause In a few boars when medlctnea
and others have failed; no instruments used:
many years' experience: every case guaranteed:
advice free; terms reasonable: first-class private
home for confinement. MRS. DR. DALifiY, Hid
Market st. over the Owl Drugstore.
DR. FOULKT'S FRENCH CAPsULES -A
guaranteed absolute cure for all female dis-
f ases (no matter wtiat cause); positively safe and
sure; . no danger or after effeots; taken in time It
also ac s as a preventive; price $1 60 per box;
sent free by mall on rtcelpt of price. WALLER
BROS.. 33 Grant aye. -
\TEW PROCESS: NO MEDICINE OR INBTRU-
JLi inent; every woman her own phys.clan for all
female troubles, no matter from what cause; re-
stores in one day; can be sent and used at home;
if yon wish to be treated s<fe cill on the man
physician. DB. POPPKR. 318 Kearny st. .:,
TIR. ANDMKS. WKGKNER, 526 EDDY ST.—
XJ bate quick cure for all female com plaints guar-
anteed: privat" home In confinement; every com-
fort; infants adopted; terms moderate; pilla SI.
Ra GOODWIN SPECIALISTS. LADIES
near or far: safe, quick cure guaranteed, any
disease cr complaint: home for patients; best skill,
lrte diagnosis: low fees: self-cure. 401 Van Nesi
A LPEAU-8 FRENCH PILLS— A BOON TOLA-
A. dies with female troubles; no danger; safe and
sure; S2 60 ex press C. O. D. ; don't delay until too
late. obGOOD BROS., Coast Agents. Oakland: Pal.
bURK Cl/KE IOR ALL FEMALE Dl 3.
eases from whatever crush; a home la con-
finement wltn every comfort; satisfaction guar-
anteed by MRS. OWYER, 226 Turk st.
/I LL FEMALE COMPLAINTS AND, DIS-
Xi. eases of the eye permanently cured at MRS,
DR. SCOTT'S, 410 Geary st : consultation free.
I\U PKAES FEMALE REGULATING PILLS;
XJ safe and efficient emmenaxogue: $1 per box.
RICHARDS <t CO.,drugglsts, 406 Clay st-.soleagts,
OME IN CONFINEMENT: DISEABEB OF
women. Mrs. Dr.Funke,l4l6 Bth St.. Alaineda.
NsURPamsED REMEDIES FOR FEMALB
troubles, diseases. MRS.DX. PUETZ, 264^410.
I \R. HALL, 14 Me ALUSTER STREET. N«.^.-4
XJ Jones. Diseases of women and children.
LEGAL NOTICES.
NOTICE TO CREDITORS— ESTATE OF W. T.
SPRAGU> , deceased. Notice Is hereby given
by the undetslgned. A. c. Fiu.KSK, Administra-
tor of the estate of W. T. SPRAGUK, deceased, to
the creditors of, and all peasons having claims
against th- said deceased, to exhibit them wi.b
the necessary vouchers within four months after
the fir-it rubllcanon ef t his notice to the said Ad-
ministrator at roam 8 >, Chronicle building, corner
of Gearv anc Kearny streets, tbe same being his
place for the '.ransaction of business of tbe said
estate in the City and County of San Francisco,
State or California. . s . ;. : . , ■ :;.. v
A. c. FKEESK, administrator of the estate of
W.T. SPRaGUE, deceased. .-
Dated al San Francisco. May 12, 1897. ' '. ". :
; J. D. SL'LLIVaN, attorney for Administrator
PHYSICIANS.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL, 1206 MARKET; KES
2864 25Ui st. ; diseases of women a specialty
COtNTEI REAT. ESTATE.
_ Af\(\ £ACH FOR THOSE LOVELY BUB-
•JptIUU divisions of 10 acres In Alameda conn-
tv: land of the best, being of a deep 1. am soil,
very suitable for general home farms; near a good
town, and only 30 miles from Oakland; one-third
cash, balance on time. .
ENTLEMAN'S HOME AND INCOME
vJT property -0 acres; near town: oellgntful cli-
mate: productive soil: in provements ot the best:
iv fact everything one could wisii for a delightful
home in the c< uiury. orchard of 10 acres; vine-
yard of 6; som? berries and vegetables; mv tbe
sold; pric* reduced; investigate this. EDWIN'
K. ALsiP _ CO., No. 20, second floor, Mills
building.
||A|i HALF CASH— IMPROVED FRUIT
• \J\JU. ranch near city: about 40 tons of
fruit this year. Room 5, 632 Mar_et st.
21 ACRES LAND: NEW HOUSE OF 6
■t rooms, barn, chicken-house; well and plenty
of water: all planted in vine and vegetable: nice
place for chick-n ranch; cheap. Apply Call Office.
RE Al BARGAIN: $35 PER ACRE: PRO-
VJI duces finest vegetables, hay. grain or fruit: Al-
ameda Co., a 5 ms from city; also small improved
places: cheap. H. J. DIbGLES, 69 Columbia bids.
I?OR SALE AT A BARGA' N OR EXCHANGE
X" —585 acres; stock and fruit ranch; IS miles
from Oakland; 85 in choice fruits: fine-buildings:
pasture land; well watered, piped to bouse and
barn; stock, farming tools, etc. BENHAM <fc
THOMAS. 465 Ninth st, Oakland.
\\ ARIN C 0. —26 MILES FROM CITY; »40 TO
iVI $SO per acre: choice lands In tracts of all sizes;
improved farms, chicken ranches, hay, grain, fruit
and vege.ab c lands: easy terms: rail and wa:er
transit; good schools. HOME <fc FARM CO., 64
Chronicle b!dg. *
ITTIiE HOMES CiLOSK TO TOWN; IM-
provei: easy terms; also 4 to 12-acre pieces
on 8 and 10 years' credit. D. H. TWlNv*. So-
noma City; every Monday at 632 Market St., b. F
ONOMA COUNTY: LITTLK HOM..SASPE-
ciaIty. A. H. CHESSMORE. real estate ag«nt,
Sonoma, Cat
J> AN ACKE: li;B'J ACRKo TiMlifcß; UUOU
«jnc/ for «ock or fruit; plonty water, s.. box 40.
A WEEK'S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS — TJ__i
■A. WEEKLY CALL. In cvracoer. for mallina.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— BROADWAY.
OAKLAND 11KAI, KSTATK
*s I V^iO Kf.Jlii;KißLt B. X .Al> Non
tg) I _.O\'. offered In a new, nicdern cottaee of
6 rooms anl bath; splendid location; wltliiu ,i
uiliiuteV wa'k of local irt.in: <«s- p-m->. AL-
DKN-OARFIELU CO.. 902 Broadway, Oakland.
<Hj',>;;A|) <H A ING H< OI <•: IN OA KLA ND
''tIV/U. suburbs: 11-5 acres: climate com-
fortable ypar -.hrough; no kilingf ot; or-nges
and lemons grow: lo^t over S7O 0; must s-l:.
I'rincipuls only address Owner, box 6, Call Office,
Oa eland,
\\rji, N YOU AKK OUT ON ASUNDAY HIDE
'» make a visit to A. Wlnberg, builder and real-
estate dealer. 161 1 Twenty-tnlrdave.;cor.Twenty-
Efrcond st.. and see th- finest 5, 6 and 8 room
houses in the market: finest climkteon the coast.
GET A CHOICK, —KAL'IHFUL HOMK SITE
while prices are iow: lots 8100 to flso at
Fitchbur», beyond Frultvale; the best property
lor investment now offered; local trains and
electric cars: 10 minutes to Oakland and 46 to
San Francisco; splendid climate, out of damp
belt: soil excellent for gardening: very best water
facilities; good school: terms to suit. Before buy-
ing In this locality see the owner of this property,
C. M. KUNKLE. H15% Washington su, upstairs,
room 28. Oakland. Cal.
OAKLAND BOUSES TO tET.
FOR 14-ROOM HOUBE: ALL MOD-
ern improvements and in thorough repair:
electr.c cars pass corner; rent moderate to desirable
tenants. Address C. G. j- PERRY, East Twenty-
lourth s . xnd Kightb aye , Kast Oxkland.
OAKLAND JTURNITCRE FOR SALE.
fTIRUSTEE'S SALE— THE "ENTIKE LINE OF
1 furniture, carpets and household goods of H.
Scbellnaas' store, Oakland, is being cl >sed out:
goods markeJ in plain figures. CHARLES
WOLLHKK'I. Trustee.
ALAMEDA ADVEKfititiMENfi
/IUMKBV KJSAr. rSTAT^.
<l_99nn NEW COTTAGE. 4 ROOMS AND
tJJ>_._.Ul/. ba.h, near station: easy terms.
$2850— New cottage,- 6 rooms and bath; $150
cash, *ftO monthly.
93100— Colonial cottage, 1 story and a half, near
Bay-street ■ tation. terms reasonable.
$3500— Beautiful colonial cottage of 7 rooms;
corner lo:, 50x100; your tt-rms are ours
JIARCUSK <te KKMMEL,
Bay-street station. Alameda, and 628 Market St.,
S. F. Office open Sundays and holidays.
_____________ .
CMfkfi LOT 50sll0.
<Jr4UU. fl3oo-Lot 50x150; Morton-st. station.
SISDO— Lot 45x125; house of 7 rooms, wind-
mill, tank and stable. , '
$2600— Elegant cottage of 6 rooms; Chestnnt-st.
station.
Bargains in all parts of Alameda.
Office open bundays and holidays.
ALAMEDA LAND CO.,
1600 Park st., Alameda.
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
TTP-TO-DATE MA P OF BEAUTIFUL BERKE-
I J ley for sale by JOS. J. MASON, real estate,
Berkeley.
TO RENT OR SALE. WEST BERK-LEY—
- ice room bay-window cottage: bath; barn;
windmill: 10,50x250. M, box 19, Call.
SOOCn A NEW AND MODERN 7-ROOM
— O\f . colonial-style house; just fiuished:
electric and gas fixtures; coved ceilings; porce-
lain bath; opeo-worK plumbing; fine mantel: lot
40x122: electric cars pass doar 1 block from a
Berkeley local station : this price includes grad-
ing, macadamizing and sewer, etc. Can be had
on terms to suit purchaser. Apply immediately
to owner. A. J. sNYDEK, 467 Ninth st., Oakland.
PROPOBAL9.
PROPOSALS FOR PUKCHaSE AND RE-
moval of building*, etc., from the site of the
United States Fostoffice. Courthouse, etc., San
Francisco, Cal.— Office ot the Collector of customs,
oan Francisco. Cal.— Sealed proposals will be re-
ceived at this office until 1_ o'clock uoon on the
28th day of May. 1897, and opened Immediate y
thereafter, for the purchase and removal of
buildings in accordance with a specifics. ion to be
seen at this office from tbe site of the proposed
United States Postoffice, Courthouse, eta, build-
ing. San t ranrisco. Cal. Each bid mint be accom-
panied by a certified check in the sum ot $ 150,
payable to the order of tbe Treasurer of
tue . United Stales. Bids received after time
stated for opening the same will be rejected.
The right is reserved to reject any or
all bids or to waive any detect or in-
formal'ty. Proposals most be Inclosed In envel-
opes sealed and marked '-Proposals for purchase
of buildings, etc., from tbe site of the Uohed
states Pouofßce, Courthouse, etc., San Francisco,
Cal.." and addressed to JOHN H. WISE, Col-
lector of Customs (Custodian of Site). San Fran-
cisco, Ca'. i , ■;, ■■.•■. :
TATE PRISON SUPPLIES— SEALED PRO-
posais will be received at . the office ot the
clerk at State Prison, San Quentlu. until 10 a. m.
SA'IURDAY, 12th day of June, 1897, and at the
office of the clerk at fctate Prison, Folsom, nntil
9 a. m. SATURDAY, 18th of June, 1897, at
which times and places they will be . opened in
presence of bidders for, furnishing and delivering
supplies for said prisons, consisting of subsistence
stores, forage, fuel, clothing, medicines, lime,
cement and other saple suppl from July 1,
1897, >o June 3'J, 1898, Inclusive, on conditions as
per printed schedule, which wi 11 be furnished up-
on application at eUher of the above offices.
No bid will be considered unless made upon said
schedules, nor unless uccompanied by tne certi-
fied check therein required, nor from any other
parties than bona firiu dea.en in the classes of ar-
ticles to be furnished. Each bidder must accom-
pany hW bid with a certified - check . upon some
well-known and responsible bankl ie-i for at
least 10 per cent of the am nnt, payable to R. m.
MTZGKRAI.D, president of the board, ot bis bid,
conditioned that the bidder will .enter into a con-
tract npon . notice of acceptance as required Dy
law.,"' ■:.■ - ':' .■ ■ .'•'-'."-■■ •'- -■.'■. ■ :■■--
Bids for either prison must be marked separate-
ly. All ayments made on contracts will be paid
in ca<h or i omioller's warrants. '
Klddeis will careful. y follow the conditions ot
the scbedules.
. Tbe board reserves the right to rejec: any or all
bid <,' as tbe public interest I may require, and I t<>
order any quantity over under amount specified.
R. M. FIIZ<iEKALD, President.
J. V. Euis, Clerk. ,
S. ENGINKER'S OFFICK, BURKE BUILD-
. ing. Seal tie. Wash.. Slav 10, 1897.— Sealed
propo-ais for furnishing 60UO0O tors of stone and
other materials for construction of jetty at Grays
Harbor, Wash., will be received here until July '9,
1897. and then publicly opened. Information fur-
nished on app Icatlon. HARRY TAYLOR, Cap-
tain Engineer*. '-. •'•.-. : = . ■■ '•'.. . : ■ -
BICYCLES.
BICYCLE SACRIFICE TO SAVE BONDS-
men; 1 or 100; wholesale price ■■ for cash.
Specifications and . particulars, Attorney at Law,
box 1259, San Jos*, Cal.
}Q/»FOWI_R,v EQUAL TO NEW, $50:
t/O Steams, model a, $36: snaps in tendems.
Golden Hnle Bazaar Cycle Departmen., 25 Gear.-.
.' /' : .■' ; . STORAGE. . \'. ;'•> \ O,
AT LOW RATES— FURNITURE. CARPETS,
pianos, household goods; 'dean, light com-
partments; - advances .made. » J. jSOONaN, 1017
10 10-3 Mission St., above sixth; open evenings,
XTURNITURE PIANOS, ETC. — ADVANCES.
JJ packlng,shippiDg. CHAS, L.TAYLOR,2O4Post.
EDUCp.D KATES, FCRNITUKE, PIANOS^
honseholu (OOda, etc. J. U. PIKBCIS, 785 ___
. HORSES. - f
WANTED— 3 GOOD SADDLE HORSES FOR
country. ': Call to-day, bet. 8 ana 10 a. m., at
1814 Grove St. ■ g ; V •
UCTION HALES EVERY SATURDAY AT
11 o'clock of horses, buggies, wagons, harness.
etc Emporium sales yard* 220 Valencia st., .i
WATKIN>, anctiont-er. ■ ' '
.irk HOKSES FOX BALE: ALSO WAGON*
I\J buggies, carte, harness; Grand Arcade Horse
Marker 327 Sixth St.: unction sales every W*l-
nesday. bULLIVAN <fc DOVLK, Auctioneers.
T EIBOLD HARNESS COMPANY; 600 BETB
XJ of quod harness, our own make, of every de-
scription, for less money than you can buy Eastern
trash; scud for catalogue 110 McAUl««?r st.. S. F.
Cfi HEAD OF HORSES SUITABLE FOR ANY
OUbnsiness 900 to l&OU pounds. Old Turt-st. cat
stables. 1301 'I'nrlt: team of i«r"6 vounss mules.
WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
CREDITORS' SALE-STOCK H. C. BPAUL-
\J ding, insolvent: carrlaces. \va«ons. harness
saddles, etc. at auction Saturday, 10 o'clock, cor.
>lfteenth and Valencia sts.
Ij UGiiY, LIGHT WAGON AND 2 SETS HAR-
I> ness; cheap: make offer. 544 Sixth.
NKVV AND (-F.COND-HAND BAKER. LAUN-
dry and milk wagon; also fine lop buggy and
rockaway. 8-^8 Harrison st.
MAKIUAOK L-CU-XSiSS.
The following marriage licenses hare been
Issued by the County Clerk's office:
Gustav Buhtz and Jennl* C. bnifert. 50-42.
Joha Deworak and Sophie Adams 43— 38.
J. E. Fltzpatrick and Katie Coleiuan. — _'3.
8. L. Fromholz and Jennie N. Beanett, 26—27.
Frank J. Kelly and Julia C. Lewis. 23—24.
C. A. Hartmann a id Mary Sohoene. 24—23.
Charles I>. fsnow anfl Mar- K. Ward. 31— S3.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
[Birth, marriage and death notices sent br mall
will not Ie Inserted. They must be hande.l In it
either of the publication otJlcei anJ be indonait
with the name and residencaof penoai aathoruad
tohave the aamo puoliaUol. i
«OIIX.
WELCH— May 17. 1897, to the wife of Edward
Welca, a da-.ishter.
ZAHLER— May 20. 1897. to the wife of K. F.
ZahW a son. -
-lAKBUUD.
HEXN'IXi)- ANDRESEX— In Oakland, May 19.
H97. b/ the Rev. I. L. P. Dietrichson, John B.
Henni isr and ''irlstina M. Andresen.
DIED.
Bamque. Jean - Kenna, Dennis
Bolcer, Klla L. . McCormlck. Joseph S.
Carli:e, Isabal A. Man i. Dr. Frederick P.
Curley, Catherine Pc erson. Mrs. Addle !
Davis Marr loenwald. Albert A.
F.emlaif, Joseph Shepstad. Oicar
Her:z. Mrs. Caroline Then, Johanna E.
Horridge, John Tierney, Mary
Waldron, Daniel G.
BARKAQUE— In this city. May 18, 1897, Jean
Barraque. a native of France, aged 51 years,
A. O. F.— Members of Court Liberty No. 7801.
A. O. F. : Please assemble at hall, 102 O'FarreU
street, SUNDAY, May 14, 1897. at 1 o'clock p.m.
sharp, for the. purpose of attending the funeral
of our deceased brother, which will take place
from tbe parlors of J. I> Godeau, 306 Montgom-
ery avenue, where services will be held, luter-
men: Laurel Hill Cemetery. Ftne for non-av-
tendanco. THOMAS J. JOHNSTON, C. R.
L. Leas. Secretary.
BOLGEK— In this cUy, May 19. 1897, Ella L>
Bolger, a native of San Francisco.
CARLILE— In this city. Isabel A., beloved daugh-
ter of Mary Cariiie, a native of Los Angeles, Cal..
aged V 3 years.
CUBLEY— In this city. May 19,1897. Catherine,
beloved wife of Michael Carley, and mother of
Mary, Thomas. Katte and James Curley and
Mrs. Charles Friesenhansen, a native of County
Gal way. Ireland. [Journal please copy. J
*ST atives and friends are respect-
folly invited to attend -.he funeral THl*< DAY
(Friday), at 9 o'clock a. m., from her late
residence, 3016 Pine street, thence tv St. Domi-
nic's Church, wbera a requiem mass will be
celebrated for the reposs of her soul, com-
[ mencingat 30 o'clock a.m. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
, I DAVIS— In the Cltv and County Hospital, May
20. 1897. Mary Davla, aged 66 years.
> FLEMING— In the Cltv and County Hospital,
May 20, 1897. Joseph Fleming, aged 31 years.
HERTZ— In Alameda, May 20. 1897, Caroline,
beloved mother of Louis, Keeina. Frederiolca
and Adele Hertz, a native of Beverstedt, Ger-
many aged t»3 years.
Kf Notice of funeral hereafter
HORRIDGE— Iv Bol:on. England, April 16, 1897,
Jonn. husband of saraa Borridie, aged 67ye>».
KENNA-In this city. ; May 20, 1897. Dennis
Kenna. beloved brother of Jonn and D<iuiel
Kenna and Mrs. Josle Regan, a native of County
Tipperary, Ireland, aged & years. * . - '
43" Friends and acquaintances ar» respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral TO-MORttO»V
(Saturday), at 8 o'clock a. m.. from the - par-
lors ot McAvov <& Gallaguer, 20 fifth street.
tni'tiL'a to st. Brendan's Churcn. where a solemn
requiem mass will be celebrated for the repose ot
his soul, commencing at 9 o'clock a. m. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery.
McCOKMICK — In Ltvermore. May 18. 1897,
Joseph Stephen, beloved son of A. M. and the
late S. J. McCormlck, atil brother of F. L., J.
A., T. A.. Annie the late H. J. McCormick
and Mrs. G. a. Stanley, a native of Portlaud,
Or., a-ej 26 year* 6 months and 23 days.
O" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend tbe fnneral THIS DAY
(Friday), m 8:30 o'clock a. m.. from the resi-
aence ot his mother, 624 Turk street, thence to
st. Mary's Cathedral, where a solemn requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of his
soul, commencing at 9 o'clock a. _ Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
Y. M. L — To the officers and members of Colum-
b ia Council No. 55. Y. M. I.: You are hereby
notified to attend the funeral of our late brother,
Dr. Joseph 8. McCormick, THIS DAY (Fri-
day), at 8:30 o'clock a. _ from 624 Turk
street. Fines for non-attendance will be strictly
enforced. ByorJerot
. JAMES P. FOLEY, President.
D. A. Lawios, sea
MANN— In this city, May 18. 1897. Dr. FrederlC-
■ Porter, beloved husband of Susan E. Mann, a
native of suffleld. Conn.
43-Frlends are repectfully Invited to attend
the funeral services THIS DAY (Friday), at
_ o'clock p. m., at his late residence, 2417 Web-
ster street. Inter menc private.
PETERSON— In Oakland, Mrs. Addle Peterson,
a native of California, ai^ed 29 years. - ,~r
BCHOENWALD— In this city. May 19. 1897. Al-
bert a., beloved husband of LouUe Schoenwaid,
father of Paul A. Schoenwaid. and brother of
Ouo Schoenwaid, Mrs. C. Grentz and Mrs. F.
Schoenwaid, .a. native of Germany, aged 49
JJOT Funeral THIS DAY (Friday), at 2
o'clock p. m. , from his late residence, 2207
Geary street, between Devisadero - and Brod-
erick. and thence to L O. O. F. Cemetery, whera
the remains will be cremated. Pleasa omit
flowers. .
SHEPSTAD— In the City and Connty Hospital,
May 20, 1897, Oscar Sbepstad, aged 22 years.
TIERNEY-In this city. May 20, 1897, Mary, be-
loved wife of the late John 'lierney. mother of
, Rose Tierney and Mrs. Joseph. McGratn. and
sister of Mrs. Patrick HefTron, anatlveof Ire-
land, a^ed 50 years.
43* Friends and acquaintances - are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral TO-MORKOW
(Saturday), at 8 -.30 o'clock a. m., from her late
residence. 74 Santa Marina street, off Mission,
near tortland avenue, thence to . SL Paul's
Church, where a solemn requiem mass wilt be
celebrated for the repose of her soul, commencing
at 9 o'clock a. m. interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery.
THEN-In this city, May 13,1897, Johanna E.,
■ beloved wife of the late Benedict Then, mother
of Llllie Then, belovej a ster of Mrs. C. F.
Meara. the late Mrs. B. Van Edslnga, Martin
Hog-n, aunt of J. A., Katie and Gertie Van Ed-
singa and M. A., R. A., J. C. Van Edslnga of
New York City, a native ot Kilmalooh, County
Limerick, Ireland. [New York CUy - papers
please copy.j
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
folly Invited to attend the funeral THIS OAV
(Friday), at 9 :30 o'clock a. m., from her lata
residence, 10U7 Pacific street, thence to St.
Francis Church. .Vailtjo an.l . Montgomery
s.reets. where a solemn requiem high mass
will be celebrated for tbe happy repose of her
soul, commencing at 10 o'clock a. m. Inter-
ment Moun; Calvary Cemetery.
WALDKON-In Eureka, Cal.. May 18. 1897,
I Daniel G., beloved husband of Maria P. WtlJron.
a native of Maine, aijed 67 years. A member of
. Yerba Buena LoJee No. 14, a. O. U. \V\, and
California Council No. 250, A. L. ot H.
4a"*Friend3 and' acquaintances are respec •
fu.v Invited to attend [tie funeral THIS DAY
. (Friday), at 1:30 o'clock p. m.. from 82 O'Far-
reU street, unfl-r the ansplces of Yerba Buena
Lodge No. 14, A. O. U. W. interment private
in X:ou_t Olivet cemetery. Remains at the par-
lors or the California Undertaking Company,
Stockton street, corner of Geary. - ,
A. L. of H.— Ca.ifornia Council No. 250, A. L. of
I H.: Members are hereby notified to attend the
I funeral of : Companion Daniel G. .Waidroa. de-
j ceaieJ.TUIS DvY lday), at 1:30 o'clock
i P. _.. at 32 O'Farrell street. . ,'. >
i McAVOY & CALLACHER, I
| FUNERAL DIRECTORS EMBALM
20 fifth St., Opp. Lincoln School.
■:: •■'; . Telephone South 80. '
H. JJ. McaVuY Manager
MOAVOY _5 CO.,
Fnneral Directors antl Kinhalmers,
1*35 Market. St.. Bet. Bth and 9th. '
j Telephone Sootli 247. > • ■
NOTICE.— THE BUBIN KtiS OF MiAVOV
Sc OALLAbH X «ili be condncied at the
. old stand. No. 20 Fifth street, for the benefit
of the widow of the late HKNKV J. GALLAt*.
HERandhls sister, MISS ANNIE P. GALLAG-
HER. -KS. H. J. GALLAGHER.
'. r . ANKIE B. GALLAGHf.R.
L. GUNTZ. . : , H. W. GANTNER.
QANTNER & GUNTZ,
Funeral Directors and Embalmer*.
/ 8 and 10 CITY UALt SUUAKU.
Telephone South -32, .
1314
CITY OWNERSHIP
FIRMLY URGED
The Water Committee of
the Supervisors
Spsaks.
Supervisors Rottanzi and C in
to n Urge Sweeping Re
ductions.
If the Committee's Plans Be Adopted
It Will Be a St p Toward
Collectivism.
The Supervisors met as a committee of
the whole last night to consider tne ques
tion of fixing water rates for the year. The
body did not convene untii after 9 o'clock,
though there was considerable caucusing
in ad ranee. When Mayor Phelan called
the committee to order the ioilowing were
present: Haskins, Delaney, Dodge, Lack
man, Rottanzi, Morton, Britl, Smith and
Clinton.
Mayor Pheian stated that the Supreme
Court had decided that the Mayor had no
right to participate in the fixing of rates,
and he would not violate the law. He
said the fixing of water rates was the most
important function the Doard could exer
cise.
The committee elected Supervisor Dodge
chairman for the eveniim and Mayor
Pheian took a scat in the audience as a
spectator. Dr. Clinton then read the re
port of the water committee, which was
in part as follows:
San Francisco. May 20. 1897.
To the Honorable Beard of Supervisors of the
City and County of San Francisco— Gentlemf.x :
The extended investigation made this y-ar
into the t.ubjeci of water rates by the board
has convinced your committee that early steps
should be taken by this City to acquire muni
cipal ownership of its own water supply and
works.
The annual attempts, whether reai or merely
specious, to obtain by investigation the data
upon which to fix rates that shall be just and
iair, both to the water company anJ to the
consumers, are painfully demoralizing in their
effect upon the community.
These annually recurring investigations by
the Board of supervisors are popularly be
lieved to beschoois for X'crjury, In -.\hich men
who, during the rest of the year, are regarded
as honorable business aud profess onal men
appear beiore tne public in the roie ol f radii
lent concealers of facts, special pleader* and
faUitiers.
And when the investigations are completed
and the rates for the year are fixed, tie belief
becomes deeply impressed on the public mind
that a "solid seven" or a "solid nine" have
once more been bribed to violate tiieir ante
eleciion pledges and to betray their constit
uents. The moral efljet of all tnis upon the
community is necessurily pernicious
But there is no possible way of avoiding it
except by the City's conduction or acquisi
tion ot its own water works.
No investigation is needed to convince the
great majority of the rau-payers ox San Fran
cisco thai iney are paying excessive rates for
water.
There is no satisfactory reason why this City
NEW TO-DAT.
_____
MEAT
REMNANT SALE.
Crockery, China,
Glassware,
AT ACTUAL
WHOLESALE COST!
Still going on at our many stores,
many rich bargains, such that no
housekeeper wants to miss.
Fancy Bisque Ware.
Novelties Each 18 cts
('and estitks I-acn '18 cts
Flower Vas63 Kaeb 35 cts
statuarr.....; Each 62 cts
Flower Vases Each 65 cts
Bohemiau Glass.
Cruet or Oil Bottle* Each 18 cts
Violet or Rose Holders ....Each 18 cts
R'J!«e row's. Satin Each S7 cts
Liquor Sets Set 65 cts
Cntlery, Etc.
T>a Spoons, tin, set of 6 5 cts
1 »a 8j>oon», tin, se: of 6 16 cis
Table spoons, se'. of 6 25 c;s
Carving set ..-. .5 cv
X nives and Forks, Coco Handle, set of 12 .
pieces 50 cts
Knivps ana Forks, Bone Hand.c, set of 12
pieces $1.03
Tea Sal*. 44 Pieces.
Best Quality Semi- Porcelain, Handsomely
Decorated uith Gold lland'es and Trim-
mings.
Harvest, Plain Spray Set $2 75
Eola, Wild Fiower Set $3 25
Go:d Enamel, <;old Trimmings Set $3 f>o
Wina Flower, Gold Inmminss Se: *3 60
Gold Illuminated. Gold Trimmings Set, $3 76
Bijou, Bell Flower : •. Set $4 25
Uold Medallion Set $4 25
The China, Apple Blossom get So 25
Dinuer Sets, 60 Pieces.
Best Quality Semir Porcelain, Handsomely
Decorated uith Gold Handles and Trim-
mings.
Harvest, naln Spray Set $4 75
Eola, Wi d .'lower. Uo'd Trim mines.... Set *5 50
Gold Enamel, (iold Trimmings .'.Set 9b 75
Wind Flower. Gold Trimmings Set $5 75
• .old lllumiuated, Go:.J Trimmings Set $tf 25
Bijou. iJ«ll Flower, Ooid Trimmings Set $7 15
H.ild Medallion, uold Irlmmiugs... Set «7 15
The China, Apple Blossom/ Gold Trim-
mings Set $7 60
- Dinner Sets. 100 Pieces.
Best Quality Semi- Porcelain, Handsomely
Decorated with Gold Handles and Trim-
mings.
Harvest, Pi am Spray Set f 7 25
< o.d EnamW, Gold ; rimrntngs Set $8 jO
Wind Flower. Gold Trimmings s«-t $8 50
EUa. Wild Flower, God TrlmminEs.....set $8 BO
Gola Illurolnat'd, Gold Trimmings .....Set $9 25
Kijou, Bell Flow.-r, (io'.d Trimmings >et $9 50
Goid Meiinliluii. Gold 'lrimaiings set $9 50
ihe C ilna, Apple Blossom, Geld Mrim-
mings . Set $9 50
Large Stock of ->oiip Turrcis.
White English China Soap Tureen. .Kach 75 cis
White semi- Porcelain Soup Tureen. Each 85 cts
Harvest, P.ain Spray, Soup Tureen. .Kach 95 cts
Jio.a, Wild Flower, »uji Tureen .Each $185
(•old Medallion Soup Tureen Kach $1 511
Hijou, Bell Flower, soup Turoen Each $1 60
■J lie China, Apple B ossom, soap
Tureen Each $1 80
Great Aiericanlnprtiij Tea Cl
MONEY SAVING STORES:
MO Sixth st. 325 Hayes st.
965 Market st. 2008 Fillmore st.
146 Ninth st. 3005 Sixteenth st.
617 Kearny st. 2510 Mission st. '
1419 Polk st. 521 Montgomery aye.
218 Third st. 1819 Devisadero st.
3285 Mission st. 1130 Kentucky St.,
705 Larkin st. Potrero. : """7,".':
OAKLAND STORES.
1053 Washington st. 1510 Seventh st.
917 Broadway, 616 E. Twelfth st.
131 San Pablo aye.
ALAMEDA-1355 Park st.
Headquarters, 52 Market St., S. F.
Every Article bears the.name of the Maker,
■which is proof of the Superior Quality of
■Our Wares.
should have to pay so much higher rates for
water than any other city of its size in tne
United States. , ...
Municipal ownership is the only possible
means of escape.  ..
If the corporation which now supplies the
City with water is not willing to sell its works
for a just and reasonable consideration, there
are oiner sources of supply avnilable.
The construction of ntw works at this time
would afford much needed employment lor
both capital and labor in this City and State,
and do much io revive bu.-ine-s ana avert
financial and commercial disaster.
It would at once set to work thousands oi
our unemployed men and millions of idle
capnal, putting into circulation the money
now hoarded in the banks, aud greatly bene
fitting business generally.
And the great fall in the prices of all
materials to be used would very much lessen
tne v.-ost of construction. Besides, a never
failing supply of pure water, say from the
Sierras, coula be made sufficient to also supply
interior towns lor irrigation and mining pur
poses, «nd from the assured Income, outside of
supp.ying this City and County, sufficient
revenue would be realized in time to pay the
imprest on the bonds by the increased receipts.
The recommendation in favor oi the city
acquiring water works of its own is not made
in any spirit of hostility to the Spring Vulley
Water Works.
Your committee has the highest adToiration
for the magnificent works constructed under
ttie direction of Heri'ian Schussler, its tal
ented engineer, of whose marvelous achieve
ments the company and this State have just
reason to be proud.
They have nothing but commendation for
the uniformly kind, just and even generous
treatment which the company nas accorded to
its employes.
Nor. in our opinion, are the salaries paid to
theotiicersof the company either exorbitant
or extravagant.
If the pjople of San Francisco must be de
pendent upon a private corporation for their
water supply we believe they will receive as
lair treatment from the Spring Valley Water
Company as they can reasonably expect to re
ceive from any other private corporation.
The fault is not in tlie company, but in the
system.
Your committee, in all fairness, have to
state that the Spring Valley Water Works, in
the face of great difficulties, have succeeded in
giving this City a supply ot water which is
not only abundant, but of excellent quality
and equal to that of any city In the United
States.
The City reservoirs are nine in number, at
elevat'Oi.'s from 108 leet to t>oo feet above
City base, and of a joint capacity ol about
90,000,000 gallons.
Tte main pipes connecting the larje coun
try reservoirs and streams with the City vary
from 30 inches up to 44 inches in diameter
aud hare an aggregate length ot over seventy
miies.
To deliver the proper amount of wat«r into
such reservoirs in this City as are located
above the gravitation level five separate
pumping plants are employed, of which the
ones at Beimont, Ltke Merced and B!a<k
Point are doubie engines, while the Seven
teenth-s'.reet and Ocean View stations are
siiiele.
The City distributing pipe system has a
length of over 350 miles, and its fire efficiency
owiny to great pressures and la: ge n.ains is
being constantly improved.
The policy of this company in preventing
opposition by acquiring water sites and
sources shows an active business enterprise
to lock alter the main chance— the pockets of
its stockholders. .And it mi u h s as well be
roncedea and understood that this corpora
tion is the master of the situation, and will
continue so to be, untii, as stated, the CUjr
and County purchases or condemns its works
or obtains water from other sources.
The condition of the people ol this City is no
longer such as to euablu th?m to hear the bur
dena wnich any private corporation \>i.l in
sist on imposing npon mem, not from a willful
and perverse desire to overburden and op
pres>,, but from the very necessity and nature
of th" case.
It is vain to exrect them to do otherwise.
And where the corporation enjoy* a monop
opiy it is follj to hope that it wJI not inr-ist
upon the privileges which the monopoly con
fers np«.n it.
The s?pr:ng Valley Company own* real es
tate in this City whose value depends u:>on
and has been largely increased by the pres
ence of an increased populmion.
As tho value ot this property rises from year
to year from this rause The direct >rs of the
company demand that tho very rate-payers
whose presence here has increased that vnlue
shall pay ircreaied rotes X- meet the interest
on the increased vrlue of the property.
And it is impos>ible to convince the direct
ors of any private corporation that such a
course of proceeding is not iair to the rate-
payers.
Again, the company has acquired iarge
properties outside of the City for the purpose
of preventing competition— that b, 10 keep
water out ol the City— yet the City is called
upon to pay interest upon these investments.
Nor, in tne opinion oi your committee, will
it be possible to convince the directors of any
private corporation that such a course is un
lair to tho City.
Municipal ownership affords the only eiTec
tual way out of the difficulties aDove enumer
ated.
The committee of the whole have been patient
and have devoted a great deal of time (some
four month.-) to endeavors to ascertain their
duty in the premises, and your committee have
in addition mn<ie it their particular study
how to effect such a material reduction as
wou'.d be perceptible to the householders.
The practice heretofore of making iui appar
ent 5 or 10 per cent reduction on water rates
prac.icaiiy resulted in little or no benefit to
the householder.
Your committee, therefore, under the cir
cumstances, have determined that 5 percent
interest on the stock ot the company, winch
stock now issued amounts to $12 800,000, is
uot alone reasonable, but in excels of the rate
to be derived tana general investments, loans
or deposits, and being guaranieed even for one
year, will not dis'urb or reduce, except tor
ipe* uiative purposes, tne value of the stock.
In addition your committee has detetmined
that the sum oi .f 03,000 is a reasonable
amount to estimate lor tne increase oi revenue
during tne year.
The increase of revenue of 1800 over that of
the year 1895 amounts to $81,450, so that thj
estimate made cannot be questioned as hav
ing any eleuieni of doubt as to the collection
of the amount estimated.
These two items will effect an estimated re
duction ol $191,000, and it applied to all the
rates would secure a reduc. ion of 10.07 per
cent bassed on the total revenue of the year
1890. But that does not apj>ear to your com
mittee to be desirable, as the purpose of secur
ing a reduction independent of o.lut reasons
is to have the benetU extended to nousenold
ers and secured to them a substantial reduc
tion of rates.
Mr. Booker, chief clerk of Ihe water works,
informs us that about $(iOO,OOO was collected
from meter rates in 1890. This gives some
data upon which todeiermiue the estimated
revenue received for household and special
household rates which amount t0 5955,152.
And the foregoing recommit dation oi your
committee win have the effect of reducing
tnose rates 20 per cent, a substantial, much
needed and demanded reduction, which every
Householder will be able at once on the pre
sentation of his bill to understand and appre
ciate.
This will be a reduction to those who in jus
tice are entitled to it, and, while reducing the
rates named 20 per cent, will leave the other
rates as at present, and will make the work of
readjustment easy and inexpensive to the
company.
To illustrate:
1 per cent interest of stock, allowing 5 In
lieu of 6 percent on *11i,800.U00 $128,000
Estimated additional revenue 63,000
Making an estimated reduction of *191,00U
To ascertain the reduction to be made to
householders, the revenue of 1896 shows:
From water, private consumers $1,553,153
Less revenue collecied lor meter rates. . 600,0*0
The estimated amount paid by house
holders 1963,152
When a family occupy rooms back of a store
— often the c?.se rmong poor tradesmen — the
order eliminates the More charge and makes
ii the schedu.e house charge. Small gardens
are encouraged by striking out the 20-"ent
rate.
This reduction if applied to household rates
alone will reduce them as stated 20 per cent.
This ii the result that appears practicable.
It is proptr to etale that there is no question
but the Spring Valley Water Works by the
combination ol the water companies in the
year 1805 increased its capltnl stock greatly In
excess of the value of its works or the amount
invested in the enterprise.
The history of the Calaveras deal, the ac
quirement of property that otherwise might
constitute a nucleus for supplying this City
and County, the holding of property no"t
required in the business of supplying water
and the consequent expense to the city are
•11 unanswerable arguments in favor of muni
cipal ownership.
Your committee therefore recommend that
the Doard invite from parties owning avail
able sources of supply proposals to .self to the
City and County of San Francisco the water
rights and works necessary to supply to its in
habitants an abundance of pure fiesh water
adequate for all purposes, and that provision
be made in the next tax levy for the payment
of competent engineers to examine into and
report upon the various sources of supply
oflered to the board. In order that the board
may be able at as early a date as possible to
submit to the vote of the electors the question
whether or not the City shall acquire its own
water works.
iii conclusion your committee present and
further recommend the passage of the nccom
nanying order making a reduction of 20 per
cent on household and household special
rates ana recommend its passage, and submit
herewith the opinion of the expert as to the
mode in which the books and accounts of the
company are kept. C. A. Clinton, President.
Dr. Clinton spoks in behalf of the re
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MAY 21, 1897.
port and urged the importance of taking
early steps to obtain city control. He
held that delay might result in combina
tions to put up the price of the works. He
held that the fixing of water rates was the
crucial test of the honesty of the board.
Supervisor Smith opposed the resolu
tion and report of the committee, holding
that an injustice was done to business
houses and an opportunity left for the
company to raise rates in business centers
to recoup themselves for their losses on
household reductions. He held, aisc,
that there was no provision for meter
rates.
Dr. Rottanzi offered an amendment to
the order provided by the committee.
The amendment cut down the sum pro
vided for hydrants from $189, 000 to $100,
--000. Dr. Rottanzi' s resolution provides
the following rates for buildings occupied
by a single family, covering the following
ground surfaces:
Square Feet.
O
B
i
tc
C
'<
s
H
I
. »
CD
c
a
I
m •
c
i
i
-Ji
c
oto 400
400 to 600
600 to 6(0
800 o 70U
700 to 800
8(!0 to 901)
900 to 1.000
I,OJO to 1,200
2'W to 1,401)
[,40J to 1,600
,6'.)0 to J.BOO
1,800 to 2.000
bO
K5
■ 75
80
8\
95
1 00
1 05
60
70
80
85
to
95
100
105
1 10
15
125
83
95
1
1
1
The tollowing are the general lates pro
vided by the resolution reported by the
Water Committee:
0 to 400
400 to 600
600 to 600
630 to 700
700 to 800.....
800 to 91>0.....
900 to 1,000. ....
1,000 to 1,200.....
1,200 to 1,400
1,400 to 1,6011
1,600 to 1,800. ...
1,800 to 2,000
Square Feet.
s 20
28
C
9
a
m
O
$ 28 :
36 1
11
48 '
62
6j|
64
72
76!
84
92
100
1
H
tx
■ *t
a
■
■ m
o
$ 36
44
6--'
IJJ
c
c
*t
m
C
■
m
$ 44
02
56
- 6.
64
7*2
76
84
92
1 00
1 04
108
2
.if*
a
m
|
5"
m
$ 62
56
64
72
76
84
88
02
96
1 04
ICB
116
H4
84
9-
-1
1
Dr. Rottanzi spoke in favor of municipal
ownership and his own resolution and
charged that the Alameda investment of
the Spring Valley Water Company was
not made became water was needed from
that county, but to prevent other compa
nies from "competing. He quoted figures
from previous reports and said: "The
skill of the water company's eminent en
gineer in building dams is not so great as
his skill in engineering hieh rates through
the Board of Supervisors."
The doctor said the average reduction
of racs in bis amendment was 17.46 per
cent, 11 per cent on mettr rates, 22 per cent
on shipping and far more on hydrants,
for the purpose of lowering insurance
rate 3 an:l encouraging the placing of more
hydrant?.
Th« following two sections ia Dr. Rot
tnnzi's amendment are wholly new, mak
ing it posj.ble to fine the officers of the
water company for shutting off water
arbitrarily:
Seo. 15. No person, company or corpora
tion supplying wa'er can arbitrarily shut
off water when any person, company or cor
pura.io.i should remonstrate about over
charges; but when any person, firm or cor
poratlo i snould demand investigations of
such overall arises, thereby plrcliik the amount
oi ftßcu charges in escrow, they shall con
tinue to be supplied with water uutil such
charges are thoroughly investigated and set
tled.
Sec. 17. Any person, company or corpora
tion violating the provisions of any section of
this order shall be deemed guilty of a misde
meanor and punisbib.e either by a fine ol
not le.-s than !}>l«H) nor more than $500 or by
imprisonment In the County Jail tor not less
than thirty or more than ninety days, or by
both such fine and imprisonment.
Supervisor Smith moved that the clerk
of the board be instructed to furnish a
copy of Dr. Rottansi's order to every
member of the board, afier which the
committee aajourned untii Tuesday
night, the purpose of adjourning from
day to day being also embraced ia the
motion.
Attorney Kellogg of the water com
pany stated that the company did not
want the rates fixed hurriedly, as he
•■'.anted time to show thf fallacies of the
board's position. He held that the pro
posed action would reduce the company's
dividends to less than 4 per cent.
Dr. Clinton replica that the committee's
report was based on facts brought out by
the investigation, and he thought they
were f»ir.
Supervisor Smith thought the commit
tee's rate would not benefit 'he poor neo
ple, out the landlords ol the City only.
Engineer Schu^sler afked permission to
speals. He*aid: "1 wish to correct some
of Dr. Clinton's errors. I forgive Dr.
Rottanzi, for he knows no better."
Dr. Rottanzi — I defy you to show my
mistakes. Ii 1 have made any they have
not been willful.
Mr. Schussier then •aid that the Spares
of Dr. Clinton woulo reuce the com
pany's interest to a com 4 per cent, while
Dr. Rottanzi's would bring it to 3 per
cent. Dr. Rottanzi insisted that his rate
would not redttce the income to 3 per
cent if tne basis of $9,000,000 capitaliza
tion, instead of R watered stock basis of
$12,030,000, be figure a upon by the board.
He proposed to eliminate the watered
«tock.
FRAWLEY IS BACK AGAIN.
He Brings With Him a Lot o
New Plays and Also
Players.
The Actor Is Jubilant Over Bright
Prospects for the Coming
Season.
Although tired out with their hot jour
ney across the Arizona desert, Daniel
Frawley and his company, who arrived
last night, were fall of enthusiasm over
their travels, their new plays and the re
hearsals in prospect for the opening of the
Frawley season at the Columbia Theater
Monday week.
Blanche Bates, "who has resisted all
temptations to remain in New York or
London, will continue to be the icadinc
lady of the company, although Ei nor
Moretti will also have leading pans.
Gladys Wallace, who was here with John
Drew on his last visit, and Georgia Busby,
are also members of the company, as well
as such old lavorltes as Madge (Jar.- Cook
and Pbosa McAllister. Worthing and
Carsen Clarke are still true t<> (he Fraw
ley banner, and the new men include J.
M. Colviile as heavy man and Theodore
Hamilton, who has been released by
courtesy of Joe Jefferson, and will play
old men.
in regard to plays, .Krawley does not
seem to have found the market so empty
as stars and managers are in the habit of
declaring.
"Lorrimer Stoddard accompanies ns,"
said Frawlcy, "and I have contracted
with him for a new play, which is nearly
completed. The title is not qnite settled
upon. Mr. Stoddard favors The Daugh
ters of New York,' but I suggest 'The
Canons.' The play treats of modern New
York society and contains a good deal
about Sorosis and the Women's Club.
There are seven women's parts in it.
"In 'The Two Little Vagrants' Miss
Bnsby and Mixs M«retti will play -lie
leading parts. Miss Bates expects to find
the opportunity of her life in 'Sue,' dra
matized from Bret Hnrte by Edgar Pem
berton; 'Shenandoah* will take the entire
cast. William Haworth is finishing a
play for us, and although we have not
quite settled terms yet I expect to secure
Malcolm Watson's 'The Game of Life,'
which Charles Wyndbam will produce in
London next autumn."
Rehearsals for the opening production,
"The Fatal Card," begin to-day.
THE DEBS
PLAN TO
AID LABOR
A Local Branch of the
Co-operative Common
wealth.
TO FOUND A COLONY
THIS YEAR.
Hope Seen in Inducing tbe
Masses to Go to the 'Land
for Aid.
MANY WILL CONTRIBUTE
THEIR MITE.
An Elab rate Plan of Manufacture
and Exchange of Products Is Part
of the Schimr
The hope of a new dawn, which Eugene
V. Debs and other members of the Ameri
can Railway Union think they see iv a
sort of co-operative commonwealth, is
reaching the lormative stage in this City.
The work is being carried on by M. E.
Morse and a band of hopeful converts to
tbe commonwealth idea.
The society of which Mr. Morse is the
leader meets at 2 P. m. every Sunday at
418 McAllister street ani it has hopes that
the idea will soon be popular all over the
State.
The co-operative commonwealth is the
specific remedy that the society proposes
for the congestion of population in busy
centers, and the lobor-exchange idea, as
organized by Slate Organizer Clark, is the
scheme Debs recommends as a solution in
part of the money problem.
In a recent letter to the society Debs
dcsciibed the plan as follows:
Industrial co-operation as the basis of a
higher type of civilization will be the princi
pal object.
Soon after the work is under way it is pro
posed to begm active operations in some West
ern State. The State will te colonized by our
people, the leaders will converge there, a full
ticket will bo nominated and we will undoubt
edly have votes enough to secure comp.ete
possession and control of the Slate Govern
ment. We will then establish the co-operative
commonwealth ami the State Government
will be in harmony with it. The labork-ss
thousands of the country will De invited to
the State and will be given equal opportuni
ties with all others to develop its resources
and enjoy "life, liberty and the pursuit of
nappiucss."
The headquarters of the organization
are at Thomaston, Me., and the following
are the officer^: President, Myron W.
Heed; secretary, N. \V. Lerniond; organ
izer, Eugene V. Deb.; dean, Professor
i rank- Parsons; editor, A. S. Edwards;
master workman, W. J- feniith.
Tha following excerpts from the local
prospectus show the plans in view:
In nearly every branch of industry thousands
of men anil women are being displaced by
labor-saving machinery, owned by h. few
money lords, and vast out as driftwood 10 float
up and down in a— to them— cheerless world.
A few thoui-and dollars Invested in land,
bu;ldlngs and machinery will provide means
where by these people, by co-oper.mng and
employing themselves upon their own farms,
in their own factories and mills, may produ c
all the necessaries and many luxuries of life
and. retaining tno wealth thus created, gai i
ireedom.
should 10,000 men ani women, uniting
their ellorts and means, eacu on an average
contributing $100, come together in a favor
ably located section of the country, while they
miiji i not be nble to •.■slablisn the co-operative
commonwealth eniire, yet they could carry
on co-operative industry on a sufficiently
large scale to be practically free from outside
competition. With a cash capital of $1,000,
--000 these 10,000 industrials can buy -.ufficient
land and machinery to start them on the road
to industrial freedom. But until such time as
they cau raise their own lood and provide
themselves with ot her necessaries these pioneer
colonists will need help irom the reserves.
Let those who arc uulding :ucr.nive posi
tions under capitalist employers and who dv
not wish to outer the brotherhood community
at first contribute monthly from thuir earn
ings such sums from 10 cents to if 10, as they
cau spare or duty dictates. If, when the in
dustrials are ready to begin acuvs work, there
are 25,000 reserve*, each on an average con
tributing monthly $1, $25,000 will be availa
ble cacti month to sustain these pioneers
while "breaking ground" and getting under
way. Since, however, no active industrial
work will bedonefor at least five months
contributions io the colonization fund being
naid in during that period— v sura of at lea-t
$3(5,000 will have accumulated. If the growth
01 the brotherhood is sower than here esti
mated, yet, nevertheless, it is only a question
of time when these figures will be readied.
At any rate, should there be only 1000 indus
trials and 5000 reserves a beginning can be
made next spring.
The local brotherhood is yery hopeful
that relief will come to thousands within
another year, and members who are sup
posed to be close to the National leaders
say that there are prospects thatastait
will be made somewhere in miudle Ten
nessee. If the plan succeeds there, with
the aid of members all over the Union,
the next proposition will be to organize a
branch colony in California for the ac
commodation of the overflow.
There is great confidence in local circles
that the movement, already given an im
petus oy Debs, will soon prove very popu
lar in this City and throughout the West.
The plan is to assess each member ot
the National organization 10 cents per
month, this sum to go ultimately toward
establishing and maintaining the colony
until sucli time as it siiall be placed on a
paying basis. It is the purpose of the in
dustrial department to build factories,
mills and shops. The function of the ex
change department is to have charge of
the distribution of all products and com
modities, establishing a warehouse in
each colony for the products of the facto
ries, farms and mi Is. The superintend
ent of thisdepnnment snail keep accounts
with each colony, and all orders for goo.is
shall pass through his hands. This de
partment shall act as a central clearing
house.
Leaders of the local ordsr say they are
well pleased with the progress made up
to date and they believe there is a bright
future for the order.
IRVING INSTITUTE.
Commencement Exercises Lust Even
ing—Excellence of the Class of '97.
Irving Institute commencemant exer
cises were held at Golden Gate Hall last
evening, and the event assembled a large
audience of ladies and gentlemen in honor
of the excellent graduating class. Many
representatives of the Episcopal clergy,
delegates to the convention now in ses
sion, occupied a place on the platform.
When the young ladies of the class or '97
took their position on the platform the
state presented n charming picture iud<>ed.
The class of '97 consists of: Annie Bar
rett. Winifred Barry, Juliet Bredon,
Maude Ferguson, Myrtle Lieb, Stella
Irene Martin, Edna Frances Smart, Maud
Ellison Vernon.
Pianoforte department—- Florence Adele
Smart '94, Etbelwynne Marracfc '95, Stella,
Irene Martin, Edna Frances Smart, Mary
Edna Parrow.
The exercises were opened with prayer
by Rev. Dr. Walk of Trinity Church and
the following programme was observed:
Piano solo, "Regata Veneziana" (Liszt),
Eilna Farrow; essay, "The Donohue Foun
tain," Maude Ferguson; essay, "Only Common
Sense Required" (not to be read), Edna
Frances Smart; piano solo, "Uondoliera"
(Liszt), Stella Irene Martin; essay, "Curious
Advertisements," Myrtle Lieb: essay, "A Prize
Painting" (not to be read), Stella lreue Martin;
vocal solo, "Merrily I Roam" (Schleil
farth), Grace Corwin; csay, "The
Seats of the Mighty," Annie Barrett;
essay, "Clerical Types in Literature" (not to
be read), Juliet Bredon; piano sclo, Cachou
cha caprice (Raff), Edna Frances Smart; essay,
"Time's Foreground," Maud Ellison Vernon ;
violin bolo, romance (M. Ogarew), Miriam
Hall '9s; essay, "Value of Character," Wini
fred Barry; piano solo, ballade, op. 20
(Reinecke), Ethelwynne Marrack '95; preseu
tHtion of diplomas Dy the Right Rev. W. F.
Nichols, D.D., Bishop of California; class song,
"Ne cede malis." words by Miss Annie Barrett,
music by Miss Edna F. Smart; benediction.
ROBBED BY A PICKPOCKET.
Her Parse Taken While Leaving the
Ferry-Boat on Her Way to
San Rafael.
Mrs. Eleanor Martin, the well-known
society leader, had her Docket picked by
an enterprising thief Tuesday morning
while on the way to the Hotel Rafael at
San Rafael.
Mrs. Martin went over on the 11 o'clock
boat tiiat carried the bulli of those bound
to Schueiz3n Park to attend the retail gro
cers' picnic, and it was while leaving the
steamer thai the iight-fingered gentry
successtully plied their trade andrelieved
Mrs. Martin of her valuables.
There was a big crowd on the steamer,
and when tne gangplanfc was let down
sevend hundred people made a rush for
the wharf to secure >:ood seats in the train.
Mrs. Martin was jostled a number of
timrs, but thought nothing of it until she
reached her m-at in the cars, when she
looked for her pocket-book and found it
missing.
On reaching San Rafael Mrs. Martin
telephoned to Chief of Police Lees, and
the Chief promised to make a determined
effort to locate the pickpocket aud recover
the valuables stolen.
So far as Airs. Martin can remember
ihere was about $10 in money in the purse,
consisting of a $5 gold piece and aome
silver.
In addition Mrs. Martin lost a number
of valuable trinkets and some papers that
she is loin to part with. It is these docu
ments that the lady is most anxions to re
cover, her sreat wealth making the mone
tary loss a small matter to her.
Mrs. Martin i 6 the mother of J. Downey
Harvey, the well-known man about town,
ana her sister was the late Mrs. Peter
Donahue.
ASSEMBLY OF HIBERNIANS
The Thirty- dxth Annual Ses
sion Is Now in
Progress.
Resolutions of Sympathy for Country
men in Australia and
Europe.
The thirty-sixth annual convention of
the Ancient Order of Hibernians, Board
of Erin, of California opened at noon yes
terday at Woll's Hall. State Delegate
McGinnis presided, and on opening the
convention made a brief speech of wel
come. M. S. Bears, Slate secretary, and
James McMenomy, State treasurer, were
also present. There were delegates from
the following counties: San Francisco,
Solano, Napa, San Diego, Alameda, Mon
terey, San Luis Obispoand Merced. These
committees were appointed:
committee on credentials— J. M. McCarthy,
M. Mulouey, P. H. Campbell. On grievances—
J. J. Dehany, A. P. McCarthy, R. Lloyd. On
li nance— J. Kennedy, T. S. Kelly, P. O'Neil.
R'.'soluiions — M. G. t .rus>, Juki; CuuniSe, John
H. Uilmore.
In all ti ere were about fifty delegates
present. Matters of importance concern
ing the order were discussed in detail.
Several communications were read and
were referred to appropriate committees.
These resolution were adopted:
Resolved, That we are believers in the theory
advanced by Rev. Father Mclaughlin and
Rev. Father Phillips Comvay that the A. O. H.
Board ol Erin has no use for a member born of
a Chinese Inther or vice versa, as in Ireland
mixed or hybrids were not known in con
ducting the ufl'iilrs of the A. O. H., nor
were they ever admitted to membership;
Resolved, Tnat the Ancient Order ot Hiber
nians BoaM 01 Erin recognizes the fact that
a* American citizens, while we owe our alle
giance to America, siili wa cannot heip think
ing reverently of the land of our Dirth.
Resolved, Tnat in viow of the stirring events
of 1798, ftt the centennial next year, at a
time to be decided on, the A. O. H. Board of
Erin give a literary entertainment, the pro
gramme of which is to be of an Irish national
character.
Resotveri, That we extend the glad hand of
fellowship to our brothers in Europe and
Australia and .hope the utmost confidence
shall be continued without lha «id of hybrids,
Dolly Vardens or Roneens.
Insolvent Tailor.*.
Thomas J. Curley and John A. Wolf, tailors,
hnve none into insolvency. They owe
$3286 21 ami have $550 worth of ussets, now
in the ii ii ii' Is of J. J. Rnuer, under attachment.
KEW TO-DAT.
Froebel, the great promotor of the kin-
dergarten system of teaching children said:
"Let parents not live for their children, but
with them." The mother who understands
this sentiment lives with, even her unborn
child. She studies to be wise about herself
and the little life she is fostering. She does
all she can to give her child a fair start in
life, by giving it a strong well developed
body. All through babyhood, childhood
and youth she lives with her son or her
daughter. Especially her daughter she will
keep near her. She will allow no false
modesty to stand i:i the way of that daugh-
ter's knowledge of herself, of her possibili-
ties, of her perils. She will teach her that
happy, healthful motherhood is an honor,
a blessing. That sickness is a mistake, a
breaking of nature's law. But there are
times of unavoidable overdoing when the
system becomes run-down.
For over thirty years Dr. Pierce has used
his " Favorite Prescription " as a strength-
ener, a purifier, a regulator. It works
directly upon the delicate, distinctly femi-
nine organs, in a natural, soothing way. It
searches out the weak spots; and builds
them up. It is beneficial in any state of the
system. A woman who would understand
herself will find an able assistant by send-
ing 21 cents to the World's Dispensary
Medical Association, Buffalo, N. V., for Dr.
Pierces Common Sense Medical Adviser.
It is a book that has reached its 68oth thou-
sand. It contains in its 1008 pages an im-
mense store, of information in plain words
that any person will rtadily understand.
Mr. O. G. Spear, of Sand Bank. Onvrgo Cb.,
New York, testifies in this wise: "Our first
child was born before my wife was sixteen years
old. Afterward her health was very poor. She
tried Dr. Pierces Favorite Prescription. She
gained flesh and strength by using two bottles.
During the last few weeks of her second preg-
nancy she again used the " Prescription." Her
confinement wa* a rapid mud easy one, and abt
got up strong and well."
1 REV TO-DAT-DRT GOOD'S
BARQAINS^TOR^EVERYBbDY^
SIXTEEN STRISHitciALS I
Nearly every department is represented in TO-DAY'S SPECIAL OF-
FERINGS, whicji, as ihe result of our determination TO FORCE OUT OUR
VAST OVERSTOCK, are offered at :
STUPENDOUS EEDUCTIONS FROM EEGULAR PRICES!
RIBBONS! RIBBONS!
K«— Nos. 16 and 22 ALL-SILK. COLORED SATIN AND GROSGRAIN RIBBON,
eJU value 15c and 20c, will be offered for this day only at 5c a yard.
LADIES' WAISTS!
9Xp— 2oo dozen LADIES' WAISTS, in fancy stripes and figures, regular price 75c,
uOxj and $1, will be closed out at 25c eacu. ; :~ *
COLORED DRESS GOODS!
-I r — 154 pieces 41- INCH FIGURED DRESS GOODS, dark colorings, extra Value
XOKj for 25c, will be offered at 15c a yard. V; ';':::,;:;
9^ p — 105 pieces 40-INCH ALL-WOOL FANCY CHECKED SUITING, pretty ef.
uOij fects, regular price 50c, will be placed on sale at 25c a yard.
or _— 94 pieces 40-INCH ALL-WOOL OXFORD CHECKS, elegant itylas,
OO\j ' yalue for 60c, on special sale at 35c a yard.
SILK DEPARTMENT!
f\ .—5OO yards BLACK BROCADED SATIN, extra good value for 75c, will- be \
O\J{j closed out at 50c a yard.
| BLACK DRESS GOODS 1 ()w
KKfl-25 pieces 54-INCH ALL-WOOL ENGLISH CHEVIOT, marked down from |1;
OO\j Special Sale price 55c a yard.
LADIES' KID GLOVES
3~ O — 50 dozen LADIES' 4-BUTTON DERBY KID GLOVES,' ; in navy and black '
'J\j only, regular value $1, will be closed out at 35c a pair (sizes s^, 5% and 6).
LADIES' HANDKERCHIEFS!
in - 200 dozen LADIES' WHITE SCALLOPED EMBROIDERED BHEER
lvU LAWN HANDKERCHIEFS (slightly imperfect), regular price |2 50 per
dozen, reduced to 10c eacb.
LEATHER BELTS!
1 A,,— LADIES' LEATHER BELTS, in black and tans, with h*rn«ss metal
Iv'lj buckle, worth 25c, will be closed out at 10c each. (This line for to-day only).
NEW DRESS TRIMMINGS!
©1 AA— LADIES' NEW BOLEROS, in black braid on "net, reduced from fLSO to
1 .1/1/ 75c each, and Black Bead Boleros reduced from $1.75 to $1 each.
LADIES' HOsTeRY!
9^—300 dozen LADIES' IMPORTED FAST BLACK COTTON HOSE, extra heavy
6dO\j- heels and soles, worth $4 50 a dozen, will be offered at 25c a pair.
FURNISHINGS!
|f- dozen MEN'S, LADIES' AND CHILDREN'S ALL-SILK WINDSOR
lO\j SCARFS, with hemstitched or nemmed ends, in a variety of new colors, regular
price 25c and 50c, will be closed out at 15c eacb. L v
-( r fi — 75 dozen MEN'S UNDYED LAMBS-W OOL SOCKS, full finished and with :
I'Jt double spliced heels and toes, extra value for 25c, will be closed out at 15c a pair.
CHILDREN'S JACKETS an^LA DIES' SUITS !
(jft-) CHILDREN'S EMPIRE AND REEFER JACKETS, assorted colors, sixes /
«|pl.^O 6to 12, regular price $2 50 to $3; Special price $1 25. f %|
dj»q Q*— LADIES' SERGE SUITS, fly-front jackets, lined with silk, colors black, ' V?
«J)D.</0 navy, tan, gray and green, regular price $7 50: Special price $3 95. -, /
/ml B^ MURPHY BUILDING, /
[/[/ ffiartet Street, Corner of June* /
Selxx Franoiaoo.
AT AUCTION
The Celebrated ARMESIIAS Collection.
Recent Importations.
I'iiM's'. and Rarest.
TURKISHand PERSIAN
RUGS
CARPETS, at
CURTAINS. KEARNY ST.
EMBROIDERIES, Cor. Suiter St.
Etc. • fThurlow Block.)
HFrom Monday, May 24th
—TO
Friday. May 28th,
At 11 a. m. 2 and 7:30 P. If.
GOODS ON VIEW TO-MORROW.
' This being positively closing-out sale and oc-
curring just when a great raise on duties is ef-
fected, it is a real golden opportunity to buy Rugs
now, even for speculation.
EDWARD S. SPEAR <S CO., Auctioneers.
Dr.Doherty'sSte
Class of Cases Treated.
MEDICAI/ AND SURGICAL DISEASES
1 of MEN, PRIVATE »nd CUKOMC DiS
EASES, the KRKORS of YOITH, JLOST MAX-
HOOD, BLOOD DISEASES, from any -cause,
KIDNFY and SKIN DISEASES, and MENTAi.
ana PHYSICAL WEAKNESS orivatelv, speedily
and permanently <ured. 'I hirty ears' practical
experience. Consultation free. Charges reasoL-
abie. Patients in the country cured at home. ■- Call
or address ■'■ - .- ■■■ ■■ .■■■.-• ■. -.- ■
DR. W. K. DOHKRTT,
850 Market Street, San Francisco. .
:.-. '"-.; idk.l WONQ woo,
ChlncfiK Orng, Tea and Herb Sanitarium,
776 Clay, Bet. K.-hi-hv and JJupont. .
I nave long been n sufferer from .
troubles of the stomacl). liver and dfcJHJV
Irldueyn. The medicines of tbe dif- r^^W
lereui < doctors ■- who ; treated me I '^Sli ■
only aggravated the disease. In RF 3
eight weeks ' Dr .. Wong Woo, the ■V'H^.'7ff>
Chinese', doctor, succeeded In >F*^>Jk! *
bringing abjut a r*rfect cure, and _i^«HittV_
lam i.ow in ihe esl of health. I
recommended him to my country- npJt^tWwV '■
nm, ; the Italians.— amadko im- « r '»-*'"'» l ;
bodkn. 18'J1 Mission streei. '.■■"-' ' .
, Hours 9:3J to 1 a. m.. 1 :30 to 3, 7to 9 p.m.
nmiAiirn FOR bootblacks, bath-
RRimilpS er! ' bootbloclcs, bath-
DnUUnbU houses. billiard - tables,
brewers, bookbinders, candy.makers, canners, : :
dyers, • - flourmlils, - foundries, ■ • laundries, .■: paper'
bangers, 1 printers, ■ painters, shoe factories, staUa* ,
•ten, tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, etc. "
■- ■ BUCHANAN BROS.; :
•rush Manufacturer*. 609 iiacramentoSs* ; ,
I Philadelphia
I Shoe Co. ho, 10 Third St,
■ STAMPED ON A SHOE MEANS STANDARD OF HIT
$1.50 ,J
CLOTH-TOP OXFORDS.
The nobbiest of them fill. A real bar-
gain In hleh-grade low shoes.' Here Is a
chance to buy your Hummer footwear
cheap.. Ladles' Fine Chocolate Kid Ox-
fords w th tine cloth tops to match, pointed
toe* and tips, band-turned soles, reduced
for this week from $".60 to
$1.50.
, tBT Conntry orders solicited.
AEsT" Send for New Illustrated Cataloga*.
Address ,
B. KATCHINSKI,
PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO.
1O Third St., San I'rancisoo.
0000000000000
AN EXCELLENT
ft WT** AT Properly prepared ana
\/l P A I promptly served, can
IV JJ— iiii^ alwuys be obtained in
THE GRILL ROOM OF THE
Decidedly tbe OA T A S**T?
Most Popular K/V Ai H
Dining ; Apart- * JTI.JL-rf I»V^JL-i
ment in town. ij iaaßHanßnHßa
0000000000000 f /
DR.MCNULTY.
T'HfS WELL-KNOWN AND RKLIABLE OI.K
»p»-M»li.stcurrjr l'rivate,Nervous,Klooduiid Skin
Diseajwsof HenatUy. Manly Power restore* I Over
20years' experience. | Send for Book, l-atienti
rurednt Home. Terms reasonable. ■: Hours, 9 to 3
daily;6:3otoB.:»ev' s. Sundays, 10 to 12. Consnlto-
tion free and sacredly confidential. . Call or address -
" J». BOSCOE JlfHtlTT, M. ».,
26' j Kearny Street, Man Irsuciico, C»t.