VOLUME LXXXI.-NO. 181.
WILL BE
LONG AND
TEDIOUS
Slow Progress Made in
the Negotiations
for Peace.
CONCESSIONS EXPECTED
ON EACH SIDE.
While the Porte Is Quibbling
as to Armistice, Clouds
Gather at Athens.
COLONEL VASSOS IS BECOMING
AMBITIOUS.
Thinks He Can Fortify tha Historic
Pass of Thermopylae and
Make It Impregnable.
[Copyrighted, i 897, by the New York Sun.]
LONDON, Eko., May 29.— 80 th sides
desire to gain time before peace is con
cluded between Turkey and Greece.
There is no longer a doubt that the ne
gotiations will be long and tedious. The
state of public opinion in both countries
is one of the reasons why the terms will
linally be more moderate tuan the mil
itary party in Turkey would now tolerate,
and more severe than the Greeks now ac
cept. There must be an opportunity to
moderate the feeling on both sides before
a conclusion is reached. The greatest
danger still is the Greeks' recklessness
and oossibility of revolutions in Athens.
While there is no verification of yester
day's reports that King George was bar
ricaded in the palace and ready to fly in
case of an uprising, the situation is crit
ical, and it would be folly to inform the
Greeks of the onerous conditions of peace.
The Porte is now quibbling over the point
that there has not yet been an official
armistice. When this is seltied the
cumbrous process of negotiating begins,
and will continue as long as the Sultan
enjoys that form of amu -eraent. It may
easily be prolonged ail summer when
there is such a grotesque concern as the
concert of Europe to deal with.
Tnis process may easily become a de
vice for offsetting Great Britain's sudden
revival of independence in refusing to
consent to Turkey occupying Thessaiy
even temporarily. The mystery of the in
dividual attitude of the powers is as great
as ever. The Sultan and Kaiser continue
to exchange telegrams expressive of
mutual admiration.
The Sun's Stamboul correspondent tele
graphs to-night that Germany \s al->o tak
ing full financial advantage of her pecu
liar friendship with the Turk. A special
train left Stamboul to-flay for Koniah
conveying Schrader and Zinder, agents of
the Puetscbe Bank, Kuhlmann, manaser
of the Anatolian railways, Grosho.'ze,
manager of the Oriental railways, and
other members of the railway extansion
scheme, to inspect the various projects
emanating from the Duetsche Brink
group. The chief point of interest is
whether these schemes harmonizs with
the Russian plans.
IN LEONIDAS' ROLE.
But Colonel Vassos Ha? Rather
Raw Material From Which to
Make Heroes.
LONDON, Esq., May 29.— An experi
enced Swiss officer, who has just been ex
ploring the country around Thermopylae,
writes that the historic pass is being
strongly fortified, and Colonel Vassos of
Cretan fame has announced his intention
to hold it against any army Edhoru Pasha
dare bring up.
This is vaporing against cold facts.
Vassos, wno aspires to piay the role of
Leonidas, brought from Athens four or
five thousand so-called soldiers, nearly
half of whom had never previously held a
gun. All are raw and undisciplined and
most unpromising material from which
to make heroes. Ynsse*, however, is do
ing bin best, fie has a number of engi
neer officers, under whose directions
strong earthworks are being thrown ur>.
But Thermoplvie is not what it was in
the. heroic ace of Greece. It is now nearly
2000 yards wide, and Edhem Pasha, with
his splendid artillery, would have little
difficulty in forcing a passage.
It is reported hrre that the Turks have
occupied Tsoponates in the neutral zone
and tbe Greeks have protested against
the Turkish advance into forbidden terri
tory.
ANXIOUS TO DIE.
Crown Prince Constantlne Pre
vented From Commlttnsr
Suicide.
PARIS, France, May 29 —A dispatcji to
Le Petit Journal from Athens says: It is
now known here that after tde Greek de
feat at Dhomoko Crown Prince Constan
tine, learning of the animosity toward
him displayed at Athens, wanted to blow
out his brains, biu was prevented by his
officers.
PROBLEM OF POWERS.
For a Thl-d Tim- the Boundary
Question Is Up, but N >wthe Sul
tan Is Harder to Handle.
For a third time are the great powers of
P^urope about to engage in the important
undertaking ol fixing the frontier line bs
The San Francisco Call
Mutiny of the Convicts at San Quentin Prison. Seventy of the Rebellious Prisoners Break Out of Their Dungeons and Are
Subdued Only When the Guards Use Their Rifles.
ween Greece and Turkey, and with leas
prospect than ever before of arranging
matters on a permanent basis, satisfactory
to themselves and to t.'ae twe ii&tioi.u prin
cipally concerned.
The Sultan ol Turkey stands to-day in a
very d.fferent t>osition from" that which he
occupied in 1878, when the Congress of
Berlin took from him Thessaly and a part
of Epirus and gave it to the Greeks, as
from that of his predecessor, Mahraoud
11, who, after a Ion? war, with his naval
power destroyed at Navarino and a French
army in the Morea, was obliged at the
] jint dictation of Russia, France and iUng
land T o acknowledge the independence of
Greece and accept sucii boundary limits
from the latter as they proposed.
With a vicorious army of over 80,000
men occupying all of Thessaly and Lpirus
and a reserve of 200,000 more at hand, tbe
majority of his people enthusiastically
supporting him and demanding that he
retain all that he has conquered and the
Slieik-ul-I-lam advising him that it is the
will of heaven that he shouki do so, Abdul
Hamid is in a position to dictate terms of
peace and boundaries rather than be com
pelled to accept what the powers see tit to
allow him.
He ha 9 again acquired by force of arm<
what was taken from him in 1878, when
he was weak and humbled, and he Has the
precedents of German retention of ti:e
Danish provinces and of Alsace and Lor
raine to sustain him in tha face oi Europe,
and, although the powers declared at the
ouiset that no matter how the war re
sulted, neither Greece nor Turkey should
make any territorial acquisition, at least
t^vo of them, Russia and Germany, are in
clined io recede from that position in
favor of Turkey, while Eneland and
France are more fixed than ever in their
determination that the "status quo ante
belium" shall be observed.
In commenting on the first settlement of
the boundary question in 1831, an eminent
English authority, thoroughly familiar
with every point involved, said that "it
would never be settled permanently until
it was settled right, and that that should
have been done then, when the time and
circumstances were opportune."
Greece has always regarded Tbesatly
and Lower Epirus as naturally belonging
to her. The majority of their people are
Greeks, and they took a most active part
in the struggle for independence, though
not avowed to reap any of the fruits, the
powers relegating the country of Bozzaris
and his compatriois to Turkish rule.
While Greece took no active nart against
Turkey at the time of the Russo-Turkish
war nnd her name was not even men
tioned in the treaty of San Stephano, a
well-timed uprising about Dhomoko, in
Thessaly, in 1878, brought the question
before the Berlin Congress and it was
proposed that all of Thessaly and Epirus
proper should be given to Greece. This
would have put the boundary on the
crests of thb Amaches and the Pindus
mountains, for the most part natural
barriers and cut by gaps or practicable
passes in but few places. Strong opposi
tion was -hewn to this, however, especi
ally by Russia, and a compromise was
finally effected on a line which left
Turkey Mount Oiympus and the upper
parr, of Thessaly and all of Epirus north
of Janina and ihe Kalamas River. Tho
delimitation of this boundary was left to
Greece and Turkey. A part of it, between
Olympus and Metrovo, was surveyed and
marked in 1881 and subsequently, but in
spite of all her urging and diplomacy
Greece was never able to pet an inch of
territory beyond the Arta River. Turkey
beld on fast to Lower Epii 113. .
Tbe fortune of war has even been less
kind to Greece. Tie Turk still holds
E;>irus ana bi* armies cover all Thess»tlv,
which the voce of Allah says he nu;st
keep. Even at the concerted dictate of
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY MORNING, MAY 30, 1897-THIRTY PAGES.
Europe ha can hardly dare to disobey.
The .Sheik-ui-IMani, though appointed by
the Snltan, is largely independent of him.
Islam is a combined system of law and re
ligion, and he is the cuief or head of the
Ulema or religio-judicial hierarchy of the
empire. His fetwa decisions are based
on assumed divine revelations of the
Koran and are without appeal. Tne Sul
tan can neither declare war nor conclude
j peace without the formal approval of the
j Sheik-ul-Islam.
FHOM A THIKIi-C&XIVHI HOOK.
Saying » of ChrUt on a Leaf Found in
an Egyptian Mound.
LONDON, Eng, May 29.— Grenfell and
Hunt, working in behalf of an Egyptian
exploration fund, have found at Eehnesa,
in the rubbish of mounds, rolls of papyri
which range from the Roman conquest to
early Arab times. Most of the rolls are
written in Greek, but some are in Latin,
Coptic and Arabic. Among the papyri is
is a leaf from a book of the third century
containing the sayings of Christ. Some
of these are not in the Gospels, while
others exhibit divergencies from the text
of the Gospels. , ■
I>K*IAXIT TO THE LAST.
Life bentrnce Given the An arch lit Who
Trl'd to Kill Humbert.
ROME, Italy, May 29.— The trial of
J Pietro Acciarito, who on April 22 at
tempted to assassinate King Humbert as
he was driving to the Campanelle race
course, ended to-dty in his conviction
I and sentence to imprisonment for life.
! When the sentence wp.s pronounced Ac
i ciarito cried: "To-day is my turn; to
morrow will be the Government's. Vive
revolution 1 Vive anarchy !"
PIETRO ACCIARITO, Who Attempted to KtH King Humbert of
Italy on the 22i of Ap i , and Wa> Sentenced Yesterday
by the Tribunal of Rome to the Galleys for Life.
FLOOD SUFFERERS
BEING CARED FOR
Homeless of El Paso Are
Provided With Tents
and Sheds.
Although Many Lose Their
Property No Deaths Are
Reported.
Federal Relief Is Promptly Granted
and the State Will Follow
Suit.
EL PASO. Tex., May 29.— The water
in the submerged portion of the city has
fallen eight inches during the last twenty
four hours, but as the Hoods con Unue to
pour into the crevasses above the city
the situation remains practically un
changed.
While there has been considerable suf
fering among the hundreds of homeless
poor their condition is hourly improving
and the majority are now sheltered by
tents and temporary sheds. The hospital
tent erected by the Board of Health is
crowded, but so iar there have been no
deaths. Aid has been asked from Con
gress and from the State Legislature, and
it is believed that the responses will be
prompt from both sources and that in a
few days the flood victims will no longer
be dependent upon haphazard charity.
The attempt to close the crevasses above
the city was abandoned this morning, tut
it is expected that the river will have
fallen sufficiently by to-morrow to permit
the resumption of work. Another rise is
expected to reach here by Wednesday, but
by that time it is hoped to i.aye the levees
repaired, and prevent the inundation of
the business portion of the town, which
has been so seriously threatened. The
Santa Fe road succeeded to-day in repair
ing the washout at Selden, and resumed
traffic over its own line.
It hi, I V.T SUFFERERS.
Will* Secur* a Prompt federal Aid, for
th* Homelea* at F.I I' a an.
.' WASHINGTON, D. C, May 29.— 1n . the
Senate to-day Mills of Texas secured con
sideration lor a joint resolution authoriz
ing the Secretary of War to use rations for
the relief of destitute persons in the dis
trict overflowed by the Rio Grande' River,
near El Paso, . Tex., , and appropriating
$10,000 for the purpose. Mills read a tele
gram from the Mayor and city officers of
El 1 Paso, saving 000 houses had been de
stroyed, 3000 people were destitute and
the condition was beyond the power of
local relief. The joint resolution ' was
passed. '' ,
Miieyt' H'lin-a Wa«h°d. Await.
SAN ANTONIO, Texas, May 29— The
rise in the Kin Grande reached the mining
town of Biquiltas del Carmen, just across
the river from Presidio County, it washed
away a number of houses of miners.
Great damage was done to other property.
HAS LEOPOLD GONE DAFT?
Mysterious Doings of the King in Eng
land, While the Court Chronicler Re
ports H m in Brussels.
[Copyrighted 1897 by the New York Bun.]
LONDON, Eng., May 29.— There is much
mysiery aboni the recent movements of
Kine' Leopold. Last week the official
court chronicler in Brussels stive out the
customary paragraphs of Ihe Kind's do
ings there, wflile all the time his Majesty
was strolling about London seeing the
jubilee preparations. Some say he nerpe
trated n little joke by proceeding to Shef
tieid Jast week when the Q 'een paid a
state vwt to that city, ana the old lady
was scared to see her royal kinsman on
foot in the front line of a big crowd of en
thiuiastic YorKshirernen. Whether the
sto-y is true, it is certain that last Sunday
he suddenly started after her Maj>sty and
traveled to Balmoral as an ordinary pas
senger. After seeing the Queen the King
made tracks for Glasgow, where his yacht
was opportunely anchored, and sailed
Wednesday for parts unknown. The ves
sel was jealously guarded and the King
selected the witching hour of midnight
for joining her.
TO OPPOSE THE DUKE OF TECK.
Schrme of the Candidate for the Governor-
Generalship of Canada to Gobble U i
Lands Is Closely Watched.
(Copyrighted 1897 by the New York Sun.]
LONDON, Eng , May £9.— Nothing more
has been heard of the suirsiestioa to ap
point the Duke of Teck Governor-General
of Canada. Even iiis friends have ceased
the advocacy of bis claims. Curiously
enough, just at this moment a tight is
being made here against the Yukon Com
pany, of which the Duke is a member,
and which desires, apparently, to pobbie
up the best parts of British Columbia by
means of royal charter. The Liberal
members of Parliament are on the watch
for an opportunity to raise a debate on
the Yukon business and even political
women have been pressed into service
against the poor Duke, who cenainiy
never did them any barm. Thus the
Women's Liberal Association solemnly
assembled in conference a day or two ago
and passed a resolution denouncing all
chartered companies, with special refer
ence to the infamous South African Com
pany, and calling upon the Government
to erant no charters, which demand is di
rectly leveled at the Duke of feck and the
Yukon grant.
WILLIAM IS NOT WANTED.
Leading Frenchmen Ridicule ihe Idea o/
the German Emperor P.ymg a
Visit to Paris.
PARIS, France, May 29.— A momentous
topic is how to treat the Emperor of Ger
many if he comes to the French capital.
The Gaulois has been sound ni; politicians
and authors and the responses are almost
unanimous against the Emperor coming
to Paris. Mme. Adam thinks that Paris
and the French people would be the
laughing-stock of Europe if the Emperor
were to c^rue. Morris Barres thinks that
Paris might stone the Etnperor to death.
"It would be misfortune," he adds, "if
they did not."
Other replies oscillate between these
opinions. An eminent person who as
sumes to know ihe Emperor's mind says:
'The Emperor quite appreciates the re
buff he lias lately received. He expected
it, but has not changed hia intentions on
that account. It is a fixed resolve with
him to come to Paris and as a friend, and
he will find means of coming."
"0 KING OF KINGS."
Bishop Waki field Writes a Diamond Jub -
lee Hymn lor Which Sullvan Ccm
poses Music.
LONDON, Eng., May 29.— Bishop Wake
field has written a "Diamond Jubilee
hymn" entitled "0 King of Kintjs,"
which will be included hereafter in the
hymnal of the Church of England. The
music is by Sir Ar.hur Sullivan. There
are four verses to the hymn, one of which
is:
Oh, royal heart with wide embrace,
For ail her children yearning;
Oh, happy reaim, such mothers grace,
With loyal love returning.
Where tug Ish H..(t flics wide unfuric^
All tyrant wrQiufl repelling.
God made the norlc a betlpr world
l"or man's brief eartlilv dwelling.
IJUJt.4I>3ADOK J'ORTKK V K KSIItiCS.
1 Banquet of , the American .University
'J/innerClub'atl'nri*..'
PARIS. : France. ] May 29.— i third
banquet of the season of th«, American
University Dinner ,Club was given to
night at the Hotel Continental." Porter,
the new American , Embassador, '"'presided,
his first public appearance. -All tne mem
bers of the American embassy., and a
large number of < American painters and
students were present. The ••Marseillaise',',
was sung, while students from the Latin
quarter sane "Star-spangled : Banner"
and college songs. „,.„..„ '*
Porter made a speech, which was loudly
cheered. ; Ferdinand •-.- Brunetierre, the
well-known critic, who recently returned
from the ■: United States,' replied 'to the
:■ toast; ''American ■ Universities." He said
he congratulated; himself on his 'urn
in New York,- Boston /Baltimore and New
Haven. > Brunetierre again attacked Zola.:
declaring he did not possess the quality of
an observer of realism. Maitre, well
known 'poet, spoke to ,t he toast, '."French
Universities." Consul-General .Moras re
plied to the toast, "Ex-Pupils."
! Theodore ; Btanton .proposed that the
I club to-morrow decorate the ! tomb of La
i fayette. • ~'~ s ". ' ' -'--r* * *■. •. ,"• ■ '•'.':,
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
DOWN GO
THE DOORS
OF IRON
Convicts Break Out of
San Quentin's
Dungeons.
DESPERATE ATTEMPT TO
ESCAPE.
Brought to Bay Only When
the Sentries' Rifles Begin
to Crack.
THE PRISON A CAGE OF WILD
ANIMALS.
The Great Strike Is Growing and
Revolt Is Seething In Ail
Departments.
SAN QUENTIN, Cal., May 29.— The
State Prison is a cave of wild beasts. The
animal in the convicts is loose and has
turned on his keeper. The huge bastile is
seething with revolt. Order has been
superseded by terror. Discipline is
maintained only by confining one-half the
inmates in gloomy cells. The great por
tion of the remainder are taciturn and
surly.
Matters are growing worse.
The striped felon showed his teeih omi
nously to-day. Tired of rieid restraint
and limited diet, he sought to break leave
his cage. A general prison break was
only thwnrted when the bullets of the
sentries' rifles cowed them.
Seventy of the 700 men who refused to
go to work in the jutemill on Thursday
morning for a time precipitated a panic in
the big bastile. Succeeding in getting out
of their dungeons, where they have been
confined for the past two days, th6y pro
ceeded to wrench the iron doors cf the
various dark cells from their hinges. Cell
wails were partially demolished with the
aid of improvised iron tools. The con
victs then sought to cut their way through
the floors to an engine-room beneath,
where they Hoped to hide until cover of
night and then make a concerted attempt
to scale the walls.
With the wrecked iron doors of their
cages tne prisoners made a barricade
against interruption. When the guards
would carry this fortress they were beaten
back with bricks and other missiles. It
was only when, a volley of bullets rattled
against the breastworks that the men
ha. ted, and under the protection of Winr
cheater rifles the guards were allowed to
beat down the obstacle with sledgeham
mers and subdue the prisoners.
The dungeon of the prison is situated
over the engine and cooking room of the
dining quarters. The dungeons are four
teen in number, gloomy,. forbidding, cav
ernous cells opening into a corridor.
In these dark holes were confined the
men whom the prison authorities su^prct
of being the leaders of the present .rebel
lion. The men were assigned five to a
cell, on a bread and water diet, on Thurs
day morning last. Confinement in this
quarter is enforced on only the most re
fractory prisoners. Figuratively speaking
it is the core ol the prison, and until to
KEW TO-DAT.
Itching, irritated, scaly, crusted Scalps, dry, thin,
■ and falling Hair, cleansed, purified, and beauti-
fied by warm shampoos with Cctiouka. Soap,
and occasional dressings of Cuticcba, purest of
emollients, the greatest skin cures.
(uticura
Treatment will produce a clean, healthy scalp
I with luxuriant, lustrous hair, when all else fails.
Sold throughout the world. Fottib Dbco aitd Cum.
Cobp., Sole Prop*., Boston.
' OOT*" How to produce I.umriint Hair," 01 tiled free.
SKINS DM CIRC withEcr.era« imUntlr p rel. r «l
WHY
Be bothered with inferior goods when yon
can get a first-class article if only you
; will call for it. - ' -
LEVI STRAUSS & COS
CELEBRATED COPPER RIVETED
OVERALLS AND SPRING BOTTOM PANTS
• Are made of the best materials.
Sewed with the best threads.
' Finished in the best stylo.
EVERY GARMENT GUARANTEED.
. > - FOR SALE EVERYWHERE. ,
. SEND or a p^ cture .°* ° nr •
Factory, we will mail one to you free •
of charge. .
WE EMPLOY OVER 500 GIRLS.
ADDRESS: LEVI STRAUSS & CO.
San Francisco,
' \ : . . California.2
day it was supposed to be escape proof.
Now its interior is a mass of ruins.
It was tais portion of the prison that
Guard Sullivan attempted to enter at 3:30
o'clock, for the purpose of inspecting the
dungeons. The entrance to the corridor
leads through double-doors. Outside is
an immense iron gate sw;n4Jng on heavy
hinges imbedded in solid masonry.
A few steps further there is a big
wooden door — a heavy, thick affair of oak
— with a small wicket to let in the light.
Sullivan, accompanied by Guards Slaven,
Connolly and Anderson, proceeded into
the corridor. The iron door was clc3»d be
hind them by way of precaution. The
moment the lock was turned in the wooden
door Sullivan and bis comrades were sur
prised to find some of the prisoners in the
corridor. The convicts at the same time
made a sudden assault on the guards,
in hopes of overpowering them and lock
ing them insi ie.
There was a hand to hand scrimmage
in the guards' favor. They hurriedly put
the wooden door behind them for pro
tection, while the convicts proceeded to
fortify themselves. Those who were al
ready in the corr.dor proceeded to batter
down the iron doors and gratings. Rivets
and locks were wrenched from the walls
with improvised crowbars.
Soon the whole mo b hsd access to the
corridors. The doors of their cells
were torn from their, hinges by the com
bined force of many men and with these
a wall of iron was built inside the wooden
gate. Behind the formidable barricade
wes placed a jute sack filled witti ball and
chain.
Sullivan, upon gaining the outer door of
the corridor, immediately reported the
progress of affairs to Captains Beriera and
Elgar. He returned to the corridor en
irarice only to discover tbat it wes but
tressed witiiin with all sorts ol prison fur
niture. Captain Beriem ordered the sen
iries on the ■wall to open lire on the corri
dor entrance. Encouraged by the fusilade
fcu.livan, Connolly. Slaver, and Anderson,
armed with sledgehammers, attacked the
barricaded den. Ten minutes o: pummel
ing made a bole bi£ enough to ailow Snl
livan to see how matters stood inside. He
was received with a brick. A second of
this sort of missile caught Guard Connolly
in thetemrle, inflicting an ugly wound.
another glanced along the roof of
Guard Randolph's bead.
The onslaught with sledge-hammers
was renewed. The entrance cleared, Sul
l.van and his companions, re-enforced by
Warden Hale, entered the corridor, while
Captain Beriein and a jqnad of sentries
covered their advance with Winchesters.
Before this formidable force the men re
tired to the dark ceils with curses and
yells. Demands tor explanations of their
conduct were answered with a volley of
oaths.
Warden Hale, after inspecting the ruins
about him, ordered the men removed to
the cells in the south tankhouse. This
wus accomplished without incident, and
half an hour later the unruly convicts
were behind grated bars bellowing their
billingsgate to every officer or guard that
passed within earshot. The dungeons are
a mass of ruins. Everything that it was
possible to destroy shared that fate. Even
the walls were burrowed in places.
But it was not until complete order was
restored that the prison authorities real
ized just how serious a crisis tiiey had
avoided. The devastation of the dungeons
was attributed to pure malice until some
excavations in the floor were discovered.
Guard Sullivan had heard the order to
"dig down" repeatedly given inside,
as he was attempting to effect an
.entrance to the corridor, and these
excavations added peculiar signifi
cance to the words. It was the plan
of the convicts to die; down through the
floor to the engine-room beneath. Once
there the men would have no difficulty in
secreting themselves, providing the ab
ence from the dungeons was not discov
ered. Access to the yard could be effected
without any difficulty and the cover of
the night hour afforded an otsportunity to
attempt a general prison break to men
made desperate with hunger and the fear
of further dark confinement.
The plan might have succeeded, al
though it is probable that in its execution
Borne of the convicts would have fallen
under the bullets of the sentries. Hereto
fore there have been only eight guards on
duty at night. An attack from behind
might have disarmed one, or even two,
and the way would then be open to bay
the remainder one by one by the holdup
system. The prison officials are not
speculating along these lines. Instead,
they doubled the number of guards and
sentries to-night. The remainder of the
prison force is sleeping on their arms,
within calling distance. The Gatlin? guns
are trained directly on the tank cells.
The general situation is very grave.
The prisoners thus far seem to be masters
of the prison, notwithstanding locks and
bars. Tne fires are out in the jutemill,
and the police force organized into a re
serve sentry squad. The refractory con
victs are growing bolder and more inso
lent under their severe punishment.
Above the walls of the prisou there is
constantly arising the roar of curses and
oatus. The echoes may be hear 1 a mile
away. There is nardly a minute in the
day when the convicts are not bellowing
defiance to their keepers. Outside the
prison there is almost as much turmoil.
The families of the guards fear that the
reething mass of vicious humanity may
break over its confines. The actions of
t tie sentries' rifles this afternoon brought
the whole population of the tow& of San
Quentin out of their houses. Women and
children slood about in terror-stricken
groups. They climbed the neighboring
hills to see what was going on behind the
gray wails of the prison and besieged and
waylaid all guards lor news.
General R. H. Warfield's presence about
the prison in the morning gave rise to a
rumor that Warden Hale had invoked the
aid of the State militia.
The story grew as it traveled from
mouth to mouth, and the more imagina
tive began to conjure up visions of blood
shed and massacre, that would send
.Stephen Crane to an idiot asylum. But
the commander of the militia was not on
official business. Warfield has other busi
ness besides commanding citizen soldiers,
and this morning he was endeavoring to
close a contract with Warden Hale to sup
ply the prison with ice from the San
llafael Hotel.
The convicts show no sign of capitulat
ing. Three days on bread and water,
without exercise, baa not apparently
weakened their spirit, although their
lungs are giving out signs of wear and
tear.
From their places of confinement the
mutinous mill-workers are able to peer
through the openings in the iron doors
and see. who passes in the prison-yard.
When Captain Edgar or Warden Hale ap
pear in the yard it is s signal for a ereat
outburtt and curses rent the air. It is the
same with the other officers, but not quite
so pronounced.
To-night the same howling and pound
ing was continued as made the night cre
vious so bideoua. The guards who had
been on duty all day were unable to eleep
on account of the confusion, and what
— atches of slumber they obtained were
caught during the intervals when from
sheer exhaustion the convict 3 were forced
to remain quiet.
The tanks on the top slory of the stone
building are entirely constructed of iron
and in each one eight men are confined.
The men grab whatever is within reach
and all together they pound upon the big
stretch of iron. The result is a deafening
noue. This pleases them, and to add to
the confusion tney raise their voices in
chorus and shout until hoarse.
The bread-and-water diet has been cut
down. Twice a day the men were given
their allotted portion of bread and water,
but now they receive it but once a day.
Less than half a loaf of bread and a tin of
water is their daily fare. They received
this at 11 o'clock to-day. It is not a diet
upon which they can grow fat.
The strikers are among the mostdes
perate criminals in the prison. Oliver G.
Winthrop was already in the dungeon
when the mob was brought in to keep
him company. Last night six of the bul
lets from the sentries' rifles were found in
his pockets.
To-night a further punishment was
meted out to the rebels. All beds, cloth
ing, stools, candlesticks, tables and furni
ture of any Kind was removed from the
cells.
The convicts watched the progress of
the work without comment. The con
victs have nothing but concrete floors to
sleep on and their uniform as a covering.
As they are packed to the limit of the cu
bic-air ordinance, they will probably not
suffer much discomfort from the coid.
Warden Hale finds this strike a problem
much larger than any ue has heretofore
been called upon 10 solve. He is worried
and anxious. The origin of tho trouble is
a matter of conjecture to him, but on the
outside of the prison it is sa d that it ha.
been brewing for months.
The Board of Prison Directors will
probably convene in sprciai session early
next week, to consider the situation. One
of the plans advocated ty Director Wii
knis is the transfer of at least twenty of
the leaders of the strike to Foieora.
The prison authorities have decided to
close the prison and proumis to visitors
during tue present trouble. Tne strike is
becoming contagious, and even the
women convicts in their sympathy now
hoot and jeer their attendants.
MEXICAN RAiLWAY CHANGES.
Flans fcr Extensive Bern flections of the
Occidental Lne n the State
of Son or a.
HERMOSILLO, Bokoea, Mexico. May
29. — Railway changes oJ great importance
are taking place here now. Hugh Tudor
Richard?, formerly general managsr of
the Sonora Railway and the present holder
of a splendid concession for orange Jands
near this city, has procured an option on
the Occidental Railway of Siuaioa. This
railroad runs from the port of Altata xn
the Gulf of California to Culiacan, capital
of the State of Sinaloa, and in conjunction
with it is a line of coasting steamers,
among them the Aitata and Porfirio Diaz,
which ply between Altata and Agiabam
po, Penhuete, Mazatlan, La Paz and
Guayraas.
Richards represents a syndicate of
American caDitalists, and stock in the new
euterpnso will be held by parties in San
Francisco, Denver and Chicago. The Oc
cidental Railway Company al?o own a
valuable concession from the Mexican Gov
ernment for a line Jrom Culiacan to Salinas
del Fenon Blanco, according to the last
modification of which the Government
agreed to grant a subvention of $8300 a
kilometer, payable in 5 per cent inte
rior redeemable debt bonds, which the
company is to take at par, against $8000 a
kilometer, payable in special 6 per cent
subsidy bonds taken at par.
The intention of the syndicate is to com
plete the road to Durango and also make
its port terminus in the magnificent har
bor recently discovered by Colonel Wrot
nosky, twenty miles south of Altata, at
the new mouth of the Culiacan River.
The principal stockholders of the Occi
dental Railway Company are Sebastian
Camacho of Mt-xco and Robert R.
Symond of .London. The price at which
they agree to part with the construcied
line and concession is $720,000 in eroid,
payable as to the first $50 000 on taking
over the property, $50,000 in July next
and the balance in installments, of which
the last is payable in January, 1809.
Another exceedingly important change
in railway ownership is the sale of the
Sonora Railway (Nogales to Guaymas) to
Collis P. huntington, which is now a con
summated lact, the transfer having been
approved by the Government through the
instrumentality of Hon. Sebastian
Camacho, representative of the Sonora
Railway Company.
PANIC IN A CATHEDRAL
Falling of a Lighted Ccndle Causes the
Death of Seven Persons and the
Injury of Over Forty.
ROME, Italy, May 29.— During a func
tion at the catnedral at Pisa to-night a
lighted candle fell, causing a panic among
those present, who believed the building
to have been set on fire. The crowd fled
for the exits, and in the rush seven per
sons were trampled to death and seven
teen seriously ana twenty-five slightly in
jured. The Mayor of Pisa and many
Bishops were present. The occasion of
the gathering was the unveiling of the
image of the Virgin. The celebration was
intended to last for several days. The
candle that fell ignited a portion of the
decorations, but the flames were soon ex
tinguished.
FREMCII DEI" I -iIES EXCITED.
Vote of - Confidence Carried Only by a
Small Majority. ,
PARIS, France, May 29.— 1n the Cham
ber of Deputies to-day Del Casse, Republi
can Deputy for Ariege. interpellated the
Government upon its general policy and
submitted the following order of the day:
"That the Chamber affirms that only a
new policy based upon the union of all
republicans can reassure the country and
give satisfaction to the demands for uni
versal suffrage."
Premier Meline refused to accept the
motion as the order of the day and great
excitement ensued. A vote was taken,
which was at first believed to have result
ed in a tie, but upon a recount it was seen
the Government nad won by a vote of 274
to 239. Meline then demanded a vote of
! confidence, which was carried, 296 to 231.
Trnntfrr of a Raxlrnad.
HERMOSILLO, Mexico, May 29.— The
formal transfer of the Sonora Railway to
the Southern Pacific by the Santa Fe
occurs June 1. A new set of officials has
already arrived to assume duties. It is
announced that substantial improvements
will be made.
Potter* Movement* in Europ*.
LONDON. Enq.. May 29. -John W. Fos
ter, special United States Embassador, in
terested in the preservation of seals in the
Alaskan waters, left London this morning
ior Belgium, whence he will proceed to
St. Petersburg.
Another J'apil «7t<bit«i>.
BCTLER, 8. 3., May 29.— Monsignor
Martinelli, the papal delegate, will arrive
in this city this afternoon for the purpose
of participating ;o-morrow in the celebra
tion by the Franciscans at, tne place of
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 30, 1897.
the anniversary of the Pope's becoming a
member of the third order of St. Francis.
On June 2 Monsignor Martinelli will re
turn to Washington, when it is expected
that decisions will be announced in the
case of Bishop Bonacumand in relation to
other pending questions.
ARRIVAL OF PRINCE LUIS!.
Nephew of the Kng of Italy Comes Pre
pared to Scale the Summit of
St. E/as.
NEW YORK, N. V., May 29.— Prince
Luigt of Savoy, nephew of the King of
Italy, arrived to-day on the Lucania on
his way to Alaska, wher.' he will under
take the perilous tasK of climbing Mount
Eiias. With him are Lieutenant Cagni of
the Italian navy, acting as aid-de-caiap;
Francesco Gonella, president of the Turin
section of the Italian Alpine-climbers;
Vittorio Sella, a famous mountain
climber; Dr. Filippo de Filippi and five
Alpine guides. They leave for San Fran
cisco to-morrow. They brought along
sixty mountain-climbing instruments, in
cluding rope ladders, scaling irona and
sleds.
They expect to reach San Francisco on
June 5. and thence go immediately to
Tacoma. The journey to Yakutat. Bay
will be made by boat. A drive across the
country will bring them to the foot of St.
Elias, estimated to be over 18,000 feet high.
Its ascent is deemed very perilous, no one
having ever reached the summit. Three
unsuccessful attempts have b?en made.
Lieutenant Cagni, discussing the
Prince's trip, said: "The Prince comes to
this country as a simple citizen, be:it on
pleasure. If the weather is favorable he
hopes to accomp ish his object, and per
haps try a number of o her mountains."
TEXAS BOY ASSASSINATED.
The Bullet Evidently Intended for His
Father, Who Is One of the
I cm-us Hafialcs.
DENISON, Tex., May 29.— Last night
th° 13-year-old son of W. C. Hatiield, liv
ing near Pittsboro, was shot and fatally
wounded by an unknown assassin.
Hattieid reached home at 8 o'clock, and
when he went ironi the dining-room into
the hallway his wife followed closely witu
a lamp. As soon as its full rays fell on
Hatrieid's form, exposing him to an as
sassin in the dark, a pun was fired. The
bail missed Hatfield, but struck his son,
in a room beyond. An effort was made to
get bloodhounds to put on the track, but
uone could te secured.
The bullet was evidently intended for
the boy's father, who last winter killed
Zebe Carpenter near Durant, in Indian
Territory. The Hatrields are a branch of
the Kentucky family, famous for their
feud with, the McCoys. More trouble is
imminent.
XOT THE CVLIOX M V RIt^RERS.
Jxco Women Amatrd. Nt -V. Louis and
f.eneiird Released.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., May 29.— Two women
were arrested on the steamer Cherokee to
day suspected of complicity in the horri
fying murder of Michael T. Colton, at
Bloomington, 111., Monday. One was
supposed to be Mrs. Colton, who is held
responsible by the Coroner's jury. Late
to-night "Nick" Dietrich, a furnace man
ufacturer of Bloominston, happening by
chance in the city, called at the City Hall.
He knew Colton in Bloomington, and
upon his statement that neither of the
women wai» Mrs. Colton they were dis
charged. Captain Powers said that the
women boarded the steamer at Peoria,
111., and registered as Mrs. T. ClarK and
Mrs. A. Doler.
VHH &IVDEST WJLZ ItlE.
A Result of the Conflict With Militia at
Columbia, >. C.
COLUMBIA, S. C, May 29.— As a result
of yesterday's riot between the State Uni
versity students, the police and militia
over disputed possession of the parade
ground a student named McCole will prob
ably die. When the troops were march
ing on to the green General Watts was
r.otihed by Professor Sloan that the stu
dents had obtained permission 10 use the
grounds for baseball, but there was room
for both if the militia kept on one side.
Watts remarked that the grounds were
State property. "For use of the college,"
retorted the professor. The fact that the
students refused to retreat angered Watts,
who ordered his men to charge. No ar
rests are lively.
CBUELII IS ALLEGED.
2lrt. Waite Leaves Her Husband and
Abduct* B*r Child.
WATERTOWN. N. V., May 29.-Robert
Waite, one of the leading business men of
Adams, three years ago married June
Hoy t, daughter of ex-Governor Hoyt of
Arizona, for »evera! years a member of the
Supreme Court of Washington and now
pract cinq law in Seattle. Yesterday Mrs.
Waite, through the alleged cruelty of her
husband, left him and now resides with a
wealthy uncle. She abducted her child
from her husband's lawn.
ISDIA AS PREPUCE FOR, WAR.
There 1* Much Excitement in Northern
Wyoming and Southern Montana.
ARAB A, Wyo., May 29.— There is much
excitement throughout Northern Wyo
ming and Southern Montana. The Chey
enne Indians on the Tongue River are
causing an uprising. A sheepherder was
murdered a few days ago and the Sheriff
demanded that th* Indians surrender the
murderer. They refused and prepared for
war.
GREAT SUCCfi&a ASSURED,
The International i.oid Miners' Conven
tion ia Be liria at I'fnr-r.
DENVER, Colo , May 29— The mana
gers of the International Gold Mining
Convention, to be iield nere in July, re
ceived this morning correspondence from
California and Central American repub
lics that, those sections would be repre
sented by well-known mining men. Judg
ing from the answers received so far the
convention promises to be a big success.
The detail 3 for it are fast being arraneed
and everything possible for the comfort of
the delegates will be done.
Prank* of Lightning in a Snexnttortn,
BRUNSWICK, Me., May £9.— During a
heavy snowstorm hern to-day lightning
played strange and costly pranks on the
Bowdoin College campus. A corner was
torn out of Kings chapel, aud the granite
wall of the structure was cracked in sev
eral places. Tne bolt also damaged other
college buildings.
Cr'te of a If r*cke<t lir\<f Sated.
ST. JOHNS, N. F., May 29.— This after
noon the ottici a) hospital ship, minister
ing among the French fishing fleet at
Great Banks, arrived at St. Pierre badly
damaged. She had aboard a crew of
thirty men belonging to the brig Anatole
of St. Malo, which ran into a thick fog
and sank Monday, 209 miles from shore.
Bu leads of a ) Fire But.
WICHITA. Kas.. May 29.— At Talipina,
Ind. T., to-day C. F. Morion, whom rumor
had connected with the recent tire that
nearly wiped out that town, shot and
killed himself in the Morton Hotel. He
leaves a wiaow and four children.
TRAGIC OUTCOME
OF AN OLD FEUD
North Georgia Farmer
Shot to Death at
Chickamauga.
The Victim Meets His Slayer
With Drawn Knife &nd
Plow-Point
Falls In His Tracks With Fiva Bul
lets In His Body-Story of
a Witness.
CHATTANOOGA, Te>n., May 29. -On
the borders of the Chickamauga National
Park, dedicated to the memory of one of
tho bloodiest campaigns of the Civil War,
a feud of Jong standing ended to-day in a
terrible tragedy. Judge Frank O-ibourne,
a prominent North Georgia farmer and
magistrate, and L. J. Barber were the
principals. The former, who was the
aggressor, fell dead in his tracks with five
pistol balls in hi 3 body fired by Barber.
The meeting wr.s an accidental ons in a
etore at Crawfish Springs, the eastern en
trance to the park. Osbourne, spying his
old enemy,, advanced with a drawn knife
in one hand and a olow-point in the other.
Barber stood a f->w moments undecided,
until Osbourne flourished the weapons
almost in his face. Then drawing his pis
tol he emptied the five chambers in rapid
succession into his antagonist, who in
stant lv fell dead.
Barber coolly contemplated his work,
then turning lie walked to tne telegraph
station, where he fent two messages, one
to the Sheriff at the county seat, telling
him what he had done, and ihe other to
Cnattanooga retaining* a lawyer. The
Sheriff arrested Barber.
As the dead man had frequently threat
ened Barber's life the latter went con
stantly armed. Osbourne's friends are
incensed and further bloodshed is prob
able. Barber is car inspector for the Chat
tanooga, Rome and Columbus Railroad, a
man of quiet demeanor and excellent rep
utation. His victim was a farmer of con
siderable means and wide influence in
North Georgia.
Storekeeper Bond wa3 the only eye-wit
ness. Bond is quoted as say ins that Bar
ber began the altercation by demanding
of Osbourne if it was true that he had been
talking about his (Barber's)wife. Osbourne
replied affirmatively and immediately put
himself on the defensive.
GRASD <, Aill t li I .(, OF DOCTORS,
Every <~'ity In the Vnion Bepremnted at
thn Philadelphia Convention.
PHILADELPHIA, Pa., May 20.— Every
city in the Union i 3 represented among
the physician* and surgeons who have
gathered in this city to participate in the
twenty-second annual meeting of the
American Academy of Medicine.
The convention was formally opened at
10 o'clock this morning by a meeting of
the council, which is the governing com
mittee of the organization. The first gen
eral meeting was convened this afternoon,
und following a short business session
papers were presented and discussed re- <
lating 10 profe-sional questions, the gen
eral topic being, "The Associated Duties
of the Physician." Among the visitors
present are: Leartus Conner, M.D., of
Detroit ; Charles Mclntire, M.D ,of Easton,
Pa.; Eimer Lee, M.D., of Ci.icaco; Drs.
J. W. Grosvenor, Buffalo; A. L. Benedict,
Buffalo; C. G. Groff. Lewisburg, Pa.; E.
D. Warheld, LL. D., Easton. Pa., together
with William Pepper. M.D., LL. D , of
this city, ex-provost University of Penn
sylvania.
T c golden jubilee of the American
Medical Association will be inaugurated
Tuesday.
ARCHITECT JUcKISt IS JLA'&SI.
Withdraw* Bit Vift of "The Bacchante"
from Hr.it on't Public Library,
BOSTON, Mass., May 29.— Architect
McKira has withdrawn his gift of the
bronze statue of "The Bacchante" from
the Boston public library, and is very in
dignant at the way in which his gift was
received. Architect McKim is a man of
great wealth and is able to gratify his ar
tistic tastes. When he presented the now
famous statue to the Boston library he
felt that the gift was one that would
greatly add to the attractiveness of the in
stitution, and was gren tly surprised when
he learned that the officers of the library
were hesitating about accepting the work
on the ground that it was of an immoral
character.
Many months have passed since the of
fer was made to the library, and as it was
not formally accepted McKim at last grew
tired and has now withdrawn it. He is
very outspuken in his opinion of people
whose prudery is so great that it pre
vents their appreciation of art, and calls
attention to the fact that copies of the fa
mous statue are now exhibited in the prin
cipal art galleries of Europe.
"Annir" Cunningham Captured,
CHEYENNE, Wyo., May 29.— The
authorities were notified to-day of the
capture in North Dakota of "Annie"
Cunningham, the noted cowboy desperado
who shot and killed the ranchman,
Edward Barnard of Cook County in No
vember. A large reward was offered by
the State and county for Cunningham's
arrest. Cunningham is 27 years old, and
is charged with four murders in Texas.
Crackimi-n Loot a County Bank.
LINCOLN, Nebr., May 29.— Cracksmen
trained an entrance to the bank atOhiowa,
Fillmore County, last night, wrecked the
safe with explosives and damaged the
buildine badly. They carried off oetwesn
$1200 and $1500, all the cash in the vault
ex<ept $20 in pennies, which they threw
away.
Memorial />..•»/ at Montgomery.
MONTGOMERY, Ala., May 20.—Me
morial day was observed in this city, the
"Cradle of the Confederacy," to-day with
imposing ceremonies. Many ex-Confed
erates were in attendance. Lincoln's
Gettysburg address was react at the grave
yard and several patriotic speeches made.
TACOMA CYCLING ACCIDENT.
August Van Bockelm Receives Injuries in
a Race Which, I: Is Thought,
Will Prove Faial.
TACOMA, Wash., May 29.— What are
thought to bo fatal injuries were received
this afternoon by August Van Bockelin,
local L. A. W. consul, while competing
with rive other wheelmen in a half-mile
raoe on tne Tacoma Athletic Club track.
He was on the outside, going at % terrific
pace, when his bicycle broke at the top of
the forks and the front wheel shot ahead.
His momentum carried him over bend
first. His face and neck were torn open
nnd his stomach seems to ba injured.
When assistance reached him his face was
a uiasd of blood and bruises, and the blood
was pouring from a deep wound under
the right oye.
A gurney was called to remove him, but
he could not stand the sitting posture and
bad to be laid on the ground while the
patrol wason and a stretcher were sent
for. On these he was removed to the
Fanny Paddock Hospital, where doctors
are working over him.
This evening an investigation shows
lhat tha other riders were not responsible
for the accideut. Van iJockelin had got
off the cinder path and was ridins on
rough ground when his wheel went to
pieces. Van Bockelin is teller in the
Metropolitan Savings Bank and one of
the most popular wheelmen in the north
west.
TWO MONTHS OF RACING.
The Sacramento Dr.v ng Association's
Meeting L kely to Ba Pro
longed.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., May 29.— The
races of the Capitol City Driving Associa
tion's meeting to-day drew the largest
crowd of the week. The grand stand was
well filled, while the betting inclosure
held a solid mass of perspiring humanity,
which struggled and pushed to reach the
, bookmakers' stands.
Towauda was the good thing in the first
race at 1 to 2, winning handily from
Castike, a 5-to-l shot, »-hicU beat the
heavily played second choice, Milesio,
easily.
Senator Mahoney at 6 to 1 walked off
with the second race. Leon was second
and Irma, at 20 to i, third. The favorite,
Blue Bell, finished in the ruck.
In the tmrd event Howard, one of the
favorites, won, with Jim Bozemair second
and Sea Spray third.
Manchester, the odds-on favorite, took
the next race with Hermanita second and
Miss Ruth third.
In tue la.«t race the talent backed its
shekels on Henry Grattan, which for a'
time sold a not favorite and carried a load
of silver. Later som- of the knowing ones
-iiit'ie.i out Iron Jacket and backed him
down from 6to eve:i money. He proved
the winner with Alafada a closo second,
Cogent, showing.
Ihe week's meet ha^ been a success
financially and otherwise — so Btates the
entenTisinsr business manager of the as
sociation, M. N. Winai.s, as with face
wreathed in smiles he announced another
week's racing under private management
and raia thai should the interest continue
it would result in a two months' summer
meeting.
Five furlongs— Towanda 108 (Frawley), won;
Cas;ake 105 (Siiepord). second; Milesio 105
(dawson), thiid. Time, 1:l>2,' 2 '- Desdemona
i) 9 also ran. Utrmoso w«s leit at the post.
Betting: Towanda 1 to 2, Castake 4, Milesio 8
to 5.
Six furlongs— .Senator Mahoney 112<CairnB),
won: Leon 114 (Macklin), second; Irraa 109
(Glover), third. Time, 1:16. Dorsey 124. Blue
Bell 119. Red Bird 124 and Starling 109 also
ran. Jm-k Richelieu was left nt the post. Bet
ting: Senator Mahoney G, Leon 5, Irma 2.
fcsx aud a half furlongs, selling— Howard 117
(Sullivan), won; Jim Bozeman 110 (McDon
ald), second: Sea Spray 112 (Snooner). third.
Time. 1 :21. Diabolita 83, Losi Girl 103, Wal
ler J lilt and Snu Tuzza 105 also ran. Bet
ting: Howard 5 to 2, Jim .Bozeman 5, Sea
Spray e\en.
One and a sixteenth miles— Manchester 116
(Clawson), won ; Hermanita 106 (Glovnr), sec
ond; Miss Ruth 106 (Euo^), third. Time, 1:49.
William OB 112, Bi.ly McClosky 97, Mollie R
111, also ran. Belting: Manchester 7 to 10,
Hermauita 7, Miss Ruth 15.
Five furlongs, maidens— lron Jacket 115
(Spooner), wt,n ; Mnfada 1 12 (Cairns), second ;
ci.gent 100 (Haslett), thira. Time, liOtyi.
Madrone 115, Flora S 110, Jessie O lO'7,
Henry Grattau 112. Chendah 95, Defender
100, Pansy 107, also ran. Betting: Iron
Jacket even, Ma;adi: 5. Cogent 15.
SPORT AT PACIFIC GROVE.
Students' Conference Delegates Test
Their Prowess on the Cinder
Path.
PACIFIC GROVE, Cal., May 29— The
field-day sports were the feature of to
day's proceedings of the Pacific Coast
Students' Conference. The regular events
were delayed by the tennis doubles.
These were not finished, butGifford(Stan
iord) and Belcher (Berkeley) led by a score
of 10-8 over Willis and Lewis of the
facility.
Reno Hutchinson, one of Berkeley's
football eleven, was chairman of the ath
letic committee and managed the events
of the !;cid day in a businesslike and
praiseworthy manner.
The first event of the afternoon was the
75-yard handicap dash, won by Hart of
Pacific Grove. In the 100-yard dash,
Leavitt (Stanford) won, with Ferguson
second. The half-mile run went to Smith
(Stanford), with Willey second.
Swan (Berkeley) won the snotput, put
ting the shot 34 feet 4'^ inches. Ballou of
the University of Southern California won
the hammer-throw. His throw was 92
feet.
Stanford's champion mile - walker,
Adams, came out strong in the walking
contest and won easily over a bit; handi
cap. Swan of Berkeley was second.
No remarkable jumping was done dur
ing the afternoon. The highest jump was
made by Holman, and the running broad
jumD by Hart, both Pacific Grove do vs.
The latter part of the afternoon was de
voted to ridiculous events in which the
faculty took part, to make sport for the
students. The first of these, a three-legged
race, Gifford and Smith (Stanford) won
easily, with Bradley and Brown closejsec
ond. Smith (Stantord) also won the po
tato race, with Michener second. The
sack race was hotly contested and was im
mensely absurd. Swan (Berkeley) sot
over the allotted space in the shortest
time. The elephant and obsiacle races
were the most enjoyed by the large crowd
of spectators because of the fun they
afforded. Dietz and Brown did the best
work as an elephant, and Smith beat all
his competitors in getting over fences and
ropes, eating crackers, etc.
SJtW CXCLIXO 11EC0RDB.
Setnarkabin Performance* at Chart en
■• . Hirer Park; Boa ton.
BOSTON, Mass., May 29.— Twb^ world's
records were broken and a new American
; record established at ' the : Charles * River
Park races to-day. Earl Kiser.and A. C.
Mertins lowered the mile ''professional
tandem competition record to 1:55 2-5. and
E. M. Blake of Keene, N. H.. broke the
world's third-of-a-mlle amateur competi
tion record twice,' winning the trial neat
in 42 3-5 seconds and the final in 414-5
seconds. The previous record was Held
by Packer of Denver. Nat and Frank
Bntler made a new mile-pac d tandem
record of 1:47 2-5. Jimmie Michael tried
for a five-mile. paced record, but failed.
The Best
Medicine to take now is Hood's Sarsapa-
rilla, because it is the best blood purifier.
By making the blood rich and pure it cures
all humors, boils, pimples, eruptions and
overcomes that ' tired ■ .eeling, tones and
strengthens the stomach and creates an
appetite. It gives new life to the whole
system.
Hood's S P lffi?a
Is the Dest— ln fact the One True Blood Purifier
Insist upon HOOD'S; take no substitute. :
Hood's Pills ffA^'S&Si;
Elf's Cream BalmJPpirlSl
Cleanses the Nasal ■Wfts*'cSW^Jir." l
Passages, Allays Pain Wuniru^'f^^^M
and Inflammation, sb!rT t> '"« Stit if A
Restores the Senses of 1^ «/<r<s'.^H
Taste and Smell. SB V*^y JSS
Heals the Sores. fl^flt _-^MW
Apply Balm Into noitrli |Kr(?(^^l
v.l J»Boa,o«waxllnJ^^.v ■Cj^s!l!!l3b
SUICIDE OF TWO
SPINSTER SISTERS
Maria and Frances Butler
of Lowell Killed by
the Gas.
Heavy Financial Losses Caused
by Bank Failures Preceded
tbe Deaths.
It Is Believed tbe Women Despaired
After Losing a Fortune L:ft
by an Uncle.
LOWELL, Mass., May 29. —The bodies
of Mans and Frances Butlor, two un
marnei women who were about 50 years
old, who have resided at 85 Washington
street, this city, for about sixteen years,
were found on the kitchen floor of their
home this morning. Both apparently
had been dead for several hours, from
asphyxiation by gas, and It 13 believed
they committed suicide because of heavy
financial losses due to the failure of sev
eral banks in Nashua.
The women were sisters and were nieces
of the late ex- United States Senator
Grime of Oiiio. When the ex-Senator died
he left them considerable money and
they inves:ei it largely through the banks
in Nashua. When the financial difficul
ties overtook the banks there it is. said tbe
women lost heavily.
When the deaths were reDorted the in
spectors burst in a iear window and found
it impossible for a time to enter, owing to
the odor of gas. They found the eas jet,
which would have allowed connection by
a tube or pipe to a gas stove, turned on.
On the floor, near the kitchen stove, were
the bodies of the two women. A hassock
had been placed on the floor and both
heads were lying upon it. Tfte face of
one of the women had the appearance of
a person who had died suddenly of apo
plexy. The face of the other was that of
one in a dreamless sleep. Across the oven
door and up on the stovepipe were the
nightdresses, as if the women were pre
par.ng to retire.
Beyond the fact that their funds are
tied up in some of the savings banks of
Nassaua which were recently obliged to
go into the hands of a receiver there does
not appear to be any cause for the suicide.
The women are reported to have been of
a cheerful, sanguine disposition.
bVTEItISB. COSCEttT TOUS.
Five Hundred Member* of Various Bing
inq Socirtiei in Itie Company.
CHICAGO, 111., May 29.— Members of
the various Swedish singing societies of
the country to the number of over 500 left
this city to-day on the most extensive con
cert tour ever participated in by so large
an organization. Concerts will be given
at Jamestown, X. V., and at Niagara,
while in New York City tbe second
biennial musical festival will take place
at the Carnegie Music Hall, lasting two
days.
Chauncey M. Depew will deliver *n ad
dress during the festival, and an elaborate
programme of excursions and entertain
ment has been planned for the visitors.
On June 5 about 200 singers will depart
on the City of Rome for Glasgow, where
an extensive series of concerts in Great
SEW TO-DAY— DRY CODS.
GREAT INDUCEMENTS \
FOR. THIS WEEK f I
NEW DRESS GOODS I
-—AND |j
NEW WASH FABRICS.
Commencing TUESDAY, JUNE i, we shall place on sale the f
following GREAT SPECIALS : 1
DRESS GOODS DEPARTMENT. I
Af TZr a Vatv4 50 pieces ALL-WOOL MIXED CHE VIOT3, full 37 inches wide, V
r\\. AJL d I dlv. excellent value, on sale at 25c a yard. m
At l^r * Vaf/4 50 P^ces 37- inch ALL-WOOL CHEVIOT CHECKS, on sale at if
/j.l i.JC a X aiut 25c a yard. H
Af "}£/• a V^at»rl 60 pieces 36-inch FRENCH CHECKS, in a large range of me- I
r\l iJI «* loiu. dium and dark colors, excellent styles, on sale at 25c a yard. B]
Af "3/T- 1 V-a»«4 1 case of FRENCH NOVELTY CHECKS, very choice colorings H
n.l JVC a I arO. and stylish effects, full 38 inches wide, on sale at 35c a yard. B
WASH FABRICS. I
Af f "7 1 /- 3 V-aivJ 10 P'«ces RAYNARE ORGANDIES, in white and tinted H
£\\ \^,'2S. a idiu, grounds, all the newest patterns and colorings, at 12Wc f
a yard. ** E
Af 90/- * Vat<rl 1 ca^e SOUFLE ORGANDIES, all beautiful designs and choice B
XXI AUt a larOt colorings, at 20c a yard. . • M
A+ O^r a Vai^ 100 pieces FRENCH ORGANDIES, in all the very latest Pa- H
£\l *"Jy a. X ctru. risian designs and tinting, on sale at 25c a yard. M
Af OOrr r a Vi,i«rl A grand collection of SATIN STRIPE GRENADINES AND E
At OOC a larO* PARIS ORGANDIES, in all the latest high novelty designs, on B
sale at 35c a yard. , H
OUR STORE WILL BE CLOSED TO-MORROW (MONDAY), """ 1
I DECORATION DAY. 1
123 TO 129 POST STREET. 1
BRUSHES " A "™ B^
UnUOIIbU house*. bmiard- tablet
brewers, bookbinder*, , candy-makers, - cannerl
dyers, flonrmiUs, foundries, laundries, pap*?
hangers, printers, painters, shoe factories, staoTf
nan, tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, etc. - ...
ft,,,.. BUCHANAN BROS..
■rash Man uf act ur r» . <09S»oramento9t>
NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
KEARNY AND WASHINGTON 8T9.-.RW.
modeled and renovated. KINO. WAKD Am
Bnropean plan. Booms 60c to 91 50 per day. jj
U> S8 per weea. «8 to $30 t ier monta: ti«n liiii-
oot and cold water every room: On iuhmT*
•War 1990. eievaiM ciuu aUtuuC
Britain and on tbe Continent will do in.
au'/urated.
The tour will terminate with a number
of concerts at tha Gothenburg Exposition
in Sweden. Among the societies whose
members will take part in the itinerary
are the Giee Club, Svithiod, Lyran, Nord
stjernan, of Chicago; Svps, Rock Island;
Lyrar), Sv.:a. Rockford; Lyran, Svea, New
York City; Amateur, Blue Ribbon, t,in
nea Glc Club, Brooklyn; Pacius, James
tnwn N. V. ; Orpheus, Philadelphia;
Vifcingen, Pittsburgh Singing Club. Mi>
Keesport, Pa. ; Vega, Apollo, St. Paul;
bveo Orpheu- 1 . Alinneaioiis; Glee Club,
Dulattj; Glee Club, Ironwood, Mich.;
Quartet Club, Manist'.que; Glee Club,
battle, Wash. ; Glee Clur>. AshUnd, Wi?. ;
Singin--' Society, San Francisco; Gleo
Club, Salt LakeCity^
£ QUME BA TTLE IN A CIRCUS.
Causes a Fame in Which Two Young
Women Are Fatally Hurt and Many
Others Baaly Irjured.
CLARKSBURG, W. Va., May 29 —
During a performance at the Sparks
oircm last evening, two trained horses
began to fight. The animals were very
vicious, and as they bit and struck at one
another with their hoofs the great crow 1
in tbe tent rather enjoyed the exhibition.
Finally one of the horses broke sway
from the other and rushed unon the seats
where the woineu and children were a
seru Wed.
Instantly there was the greatest kind
of panic. Peocle began to fight their way
out of danger, and the helplesn ones were
trodden under foot without cny mercy.
The ciic s people did all they couid to
avert the disaster, but their efforis were
in vain. For fully fifteen minutes the
greatest confusion reigned. Many people
rushed frantically hither and ihitherana
absolutely refused to listen to any direc
tions as to keeping qufer.
After tbe tent had been erup'ied it was
found that Helen Berry and Mnnie
Aliman were lying on the ground. Doctors
who were cancel to the scene at once
made a careiul examination of '.he two
giris and sai'i that they were in a dy^ng
condition. They were badly bruised by
the people tramping on them.
A number of other people who managed
to reach the/r homes are bndly injured.
Altogether the people of the town are
greatly depre&saa over the sad ace.dent.
nJBITZ SAILS FOR VEIIVJiXT.
The A«ur Emba**nAor flensed. With Bit
.' ■' • • ptomtinfiit.
NEW YORK, N. V., May 29.— Andrew
D. White, recently appointed Embassador
to Germany, sailed to-day on the Spree,
accompanied by his wile and daughter.
White will go direct to Berlin, where he
will present bis credentials. As the
United States has. nc building lot the
embassy at Berlin White will look up a
place where he may establish bead
quarters during his terra. As soon as this
matter is settled the Embassador will se
cure a house where be and his iuniiiy will
reside. White said to-day that his health
was good, but the work and worry of get
ting started hid considerably exhausted
him. He declined to discuss matters re
lating 10 his new office, but expressed him
self pleased with, the appointment al
though the responsibilities attending it
were great. .
Colonel Kobinaon Jteleaied on Sail.
NEW YOKK, N. V,, May 29. -Colonel
D. C. Robinson of Elmira, N. V., indicted
on a cbarue of embezzling over $100,000
Irom the Mutual Life Insurance Company
of New York, of which he was a trustee,
has been released on bail. Ha made a
statement denying toe charge ia general
terms, and saying that for seven months
after the alleeed defalcation was discov
ered he was advertised as a trustee of the
company, although he bad tendered his
resignation.
Firjhtino Slrmbrra of the Uiiehtrath.
VIENNA, Austbia, May 29.— Herr reis
ler, member of the Reicuarath, has been
challenppd by a number of members
of the Right because during yesterday's
sitting of the Reichsrath he called the
members of tbe Right scoundrels. Pess
ler, it is said, baa accepted several of tbe
challenges.
AN EXCELLENT
-Tl')rE7 A T Properly prepared ana
IVI n^"/\ I promptly serred, can
4V J I 4i\L^ always be obtained in
THE GRILL ROOM OF THE
Decidedly the r\ AT A
fis?-. p 5Ss PALACE
Blent in town. BBBaaaaanraaaHaaßuanFIVE HOURS ON
THE TARIFF BILL
Five More Paragraphs
Disposed Of by the
Senate.
No Session to Be Held on Mon
day in Order to Honor Vet
erans' Memories.
Morgan Takes Occasion to Arraign
the Method of Procedure In
the House.
WASHINGTON, D. C, May 29.-The
Senate gave four hours to the tariff hill
to-day and disposed of just five para
graphs (100 to 104 inclusive), all relating
to plate plass. Those paragraphs gave
rise to a vast deal of discussion, but all
attempts to reduce the rates below those
recommended by the Finance Committee
were defeated by majorities of 7 to 10.
All committee amendments were adopted.
The most notable event of the day was
a discussion started by a proposition to
observe Monday (Decoration day) as a
holiday. The motion was antagonized by
Hale, Proctor and Aldrich and enthusi
astically supported by Pettus and Mor
gan. The latter launched out into an
arraignment of the House and Speaker at
their course in blocking ail legislation.
He considered it a matter of grave doubt
whether the House, having abandoned its
post, had not thereby worked the dissolu
tion of the whole Congress. He was
finally arrested on this arraignment by a
point of order and when he took the floor
again he transferred his attention to the
tariff bill, which was designed, he said,
not for protection, but to pay bounties to
lordly masters of spindles and looms, rail
road corporations and trusts.
The tariff bill was taken up on motion
of Aldrich, who called up the paragraph
relating to china, crockery, porcelain, etc.,
which had been passed over. Aldrich, in
behalf of the committee, withdrew tne
Senate amendments to paragraphs 93 and
91, and stated that the House provisions
would be allowed to stand.
Jones of Arkansas objected to the par
tial consideration of the china schedule.
It was finally agreed to let the entire
schedule go over.
The bill was then considered from the
point reached yesterday, paragraph 100.
An agreement was reached striking out
the provision that all fluted, rolled, ribbed
or rough piate-glass when ground or oth
erwise obscured shall be subject to the
same rate of duty as finished cast polished
plate-™iass unsilvered.
On the paragraph as to unsilvered cast
polished plate glass, small size, Jones of
Arkansas moved to reduce the rate from
8 cents a square foot. Jones declared the
increase of the duty on all classes of plate
glass was astounding. In one case the rate
was increased 83 per cent above the high
rate of tne McKinley act, which, he as
serted, had been repudiated by the people
becau-e of its nich rates. This was an at
tempt to raise the price of mirrors used in
rhp»p furniture for poor people, while the
large size glass used by people of wealth
had the rates reduced. This was a
peculiarity of the whole bill, as though
the senators in charge of it had in mind
the old proverb: "To him who hath
much shall be given, and from bim who
hath little shall be taken away even that
wbicti he has." Jones referred to the
enormous dividends declared in the last
three years.
Vest added that the entire plate-glass
trade, with a few trifline exceptions, was
controlled by a combine which met an
nually at Pittsburg, making rates, etc.
Jones presented a statement showing
that the plate-glass combination had made
profits of about $2,500,000 in twenty-two
months on a capital of $2,000,000.
Quay read a communication from the
Pittsburg Plate G:ass Company declaring
that any statements that it was in a trust
or combination in restraint of trade were
untrue.
After a lengthy debate Jones' motion to
reduce the rate on rough plate-glass from
8 to scents was defeated — yeas 2l, nays 29.
When the rejection of Jones' motion re
ducing the rate on rough plate-glass was
announced Quay asked the Senate's in
tention regarding the Decoration day ses
sion. He thought it should adjourn in
deference to the veterans.
Aldrich said he preferred a Monday ses
sion. He felt bound to press the bill
every available honr during every hour of
every day. Frye, Hale and Proctor spoke
for and Vest, Pettus and Morgan against
a session.
Morgan shifted into a lengthy criticism
of the House in the action. He gave the
titles of some important bills the Senate
had passed this session (126) and on which
no action could be taken by the House
under the existing arrangement. Under
any ordinary circumstances and con
templation of the founders of the Gov
ernment, he said, the House ought to be
in session to consider those bills and other
very important matters, but instead the
tariff bill has been put forward, ana sus
tained by all the Republicans and by some
Democrats as a solution of all the coun
try's difficulties. In order to compel the
Senate to pass it the House was held in
an unorganized condition and the consti
tution palpably violated. The course of
the House was not in compliance with the
question, and the matter caused a very
serious doubt whether one of the two
house* bad not abandoned its constitu
tional post and duty, whetner it had not
withdrawn itself from the session of Con
gress and thereby worked a dissolution of
the whole Congress. "The course of tne
House," he declared, "is a shocking out
rage on the Governmentjand the people of
the United States. It was the letting
down of Congres* in the estimation of the
people and the bringing of Congress into
de?ervert and sovereign contempt."
"Here," he said, "are hundreds of men
in Washington chewing the cud of reflec
tion and absolutely waiting on a word
from the lips of a single man to determine
whether they shall have a voic* in the
Government or whether in fact they shall
have any of the power of representatives
of their "States or districts. The patience
and patriotism of the American people a*
exhibited under these very peculiar dis
honoring and trying circumstances was
remarkable."
Hale made the point of order that Mor
gan violated a rule of parliamentary law
in criticizing a co-ordinate branch. The
presiding officer (Gallinger) sustained
Hale. A vote was then taken on Quay's
motion to adjourn over till Tuesday and
adopted by 34 ayes to 17 noes.
tariff nitSkXTEnti.
Lindsay Would Withdraw the Differ
ential Sugar :. Mate. ;
■WASHINGTON, D. 0., May 29.—Sena
tor Lindsay of Kentucky, who was a mem
ber of the sugar investigating committee
in 1894, said to-day he would move to
strike from the tariff bill the provision
for a differencial rate to sugar refiners.
The Senator added:
"That is the only way to rid the Senate
of the scandal which periodically appears.
I doubt if the differential rate can be
stricken off, however, for I believe there
is sufficient influence in the Senate to
hold up the tariff unless the differential is
allowed. I know it was the case when
the Democratic bill was pending. In my
opnion nothing would be gained by an
other investigation. The same limitations
will exist and erabarrass the committee as
hampered the last. There is but one way
we can get at the bottom of this affair.
That is by voting down the sugar trust
differential."
Senator Jones of Nevada, chairman of
the committee which controls the contin
gent expenses of the Senate, to which was
referred the Tiilman resolution for an in
vestigation of the reports of speculation
in sugar stocks by Senators, said to-day
he thought the resolution would be favor
ably reported. He Etated, however, that
this was his individual opinion and not
the result of a conference with other mem
bers of the committee.
COLUMBIA, S. a, May 29.— Senator
McLaurin is on the way to Washington,
where he will take his seat Monday. He
said he opposed the tariff bill now before
the Senate because he was a Democrat.
If a protective tariff is going to be im
posed he wished his people, the cotton
and rice growers, to derive the same bene
fits the manufacturers did. He was for
Cuban liberty and favored helping the
patriots in their struggle. He is an
avowed silverite.
NO TRANSFERS OF TROOPS.
Too Much Need/ess Expense to the Gov
ernment— How the President
Keeps His Promises.
WASHINGTON, D. C, May 29.— A rep
resentative of The Call was informed to
day in the office of the Secretary of War
that there would be no change whatever
in the stations of troops at present. The
Secretary has emphatically said two or
three times that the condition of tbe
treasury does not warrant any expendi
tures under this head except for the most
urgent reasons. A considerable sum was
necessarily spent in transporting troops to
Washington on March 4 and to New York
City to the Grant parade. While It was
advisable, it is presumed, to have the
army represented in both instances, the
feeling among many officers is that if the
amount of money expended on those
two occasions could have been applied to
much-needed transfers the army would
have been benefited to a greater dregree.
General Miles made a number of recom
mendations regarding the change of sta
tions of troops before his departure for
Europe, but just what they are cannot be
definitely stated.
In connection with the appointment
this week of Major-General Brooke, it is
learned from a reliable source that on the
occasion of that officer's recent visit to
Washington, which was about the time of
the appointment of Major-General For
syth, he had an interesting talk with
President McKinley. it seemed that Gen
eral Brooke called at the White House on
the invitation of the President. It also
appears that General Brooke was promised
his promotion upon the retirement of
Major-General Wheaton. This promise
was made by the President. The day that
General Brooke visited the White House
the .Fiesident recalled his promise and
said that his intention was to :uliil! it un
less General Brooke consented to its fur
ther postponement
Mr. McKinley stated, in a frank way,
that it was his particular desire to ap
point at once Generals Forsyth nnd Bliss.
He assigned what he regarded as good
reason for making these promotions, but
informed General Brooke that in view of
hit promise he would not do so should the
general offer objection. Very naturally
General Broose desired his promotion,
but under the circumstances he said to
the President that he would not insist
upon the execution of the earlier promise.
Tnen the President stated that he would
send in the nominations of General For
syth and General Bliss, and that imme
diately after their confirmation he would
send to the Senate the nomination of
General Brooke. This promise has been
kept.
Secretary Long has admonished certain
members of the board of inspection and
other naval officers who attenued the trial
of tne lowa that, it is improper to accept
hospitalities from ship contractors. It
appears that alt line officers on the lowa's
trip paid their own expenses, but that,
following custom, a number of the staff
officers did not. A few aays ago Assistant
Secretary Roosevelt sent inquiries to all
members of the trial board asking for in
formation on this point. The replies were
as indicated. No official explanation has
been given out as to what prompted Mr.
Roosevelt's question. All the replies were
laid before Secretary Lone, who ordered
letters of admonition to be drafted. As it
has been usual for shipbuilders to pay the
living expenses of officors on thp trial of
vessels the observance of the rule in the
lowa case is nothing extraordinary. No
contractor has ever presented a bill to the
Government on this score, and if they
generously entertain officers at their own
expense the Government loses nothing.
Pacific Comat Postal and Petition -Mote;
WASHINGTON, D. C, May 29.— A post
office was to-day established at Mineral
King, Tulare County, Cal., and Arthur
Crowlev appointed Postmc-ter.
Pensions — California : Original — Amos
Bowers, Boulder Creek; Lewis Kice, Santa
Paula; Tlieodore Todd, Ventura. Increase
—John Randall, Hanford; John Turrill,
WLnttier. Mexican War widow — Alraire
Cole, Downey.
Washington: Increase — John Morrison,
College Place.
Jfominationa Confirmed.
WASHINGTON. D. C, May 29— The
Senate has confirmed the nominations of
L. A. Wright, Indian Agent at Mission
Tule River Agency, California; Colonels
J. F. Wade, J. K. Mizner and W. M.
Graham to be brigadier-generals.
Frank J. Hasting* Head.
WASHINGTON, D. C, May 29.— Frank
P. Hastings, secretary of the Hawaiian
legation, who was taken suddenly ill at
the reception at the White House to the
postal congress delegates May 19, died
his afternoon.
X«id's Comtnitsion Hi-jntd.
WASHINGTON, D. C, May 29.— The
President to-day signed the commission
of vVhitelav.' Reid as special embassador
to represent him at the approaching
jubilee celebration. Reid will sail early
in June.
HOMA.S CHAIiOI l> nilH A.RSOS,
Her Arrest Brought About by a Pris
oner* Confession.
ROCK ISLAND, £ 111., May 29.— Mary
OLbar, wife of Hans 0 bar, a prominent
German citizen of Davenport, has been
arrested and placed under $3500 bonds on
a charge of arson. Sac was the wife of
the late Adam Alday of Moline, whose
residence was destroyed by tire in Janu
ary, 1896. Alday died in. October, 1895.
Joseph Kipp, also under arrest, has con
fessed to setting fire to the Alday home
stead. He says he did so- at the instiga
tion of Mrs. Alday, who promised him in
payment- a Jersey cow and $40. Aiday
was a wealthy ? man. His sons are con
testing his will, which 'gave most of, his
estate to bis wife. They charge that he
was poisoned.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 30, 1897.
JOHN D. DALY TO
GET THE PRIZE
It Now Seems Certain
He Will Preside at
the Postoffice.
Other San Franciscans Are
Beaten in the Race for
the Place.
John T. Dare Will Be Appointed an
Appraiser, Instead of Post
master.
WASHINGTON, D. C, May 29.—Con
gressman Loud has decided to recommend
John D. Daly as postmaster of San Fran
cisco to succeed McCoppin. Mr. Daly is
well known in San Francisco, having fig
ured somewhat in politics. It will be re
membered that he was a candidate for
Assessor six or seven years ago and was
defeated for the office by Mr. Siebe. Daly
conducted a milk business for many years
and is said to have acquired some wealth
in that business. He resides in the Mis
sion.
Representative Loud was eeen by
a Call correspondent to-night and
positively declined to affirm or deny
the truth of the report that he
had decided to recommend Daly. Never
theless The Call correspondent's in
formation is positive and reliable. Loud
called on the President to-day to urge that
General Romualdo Facheco be appointed
to the Argentine Republic mission, but
while at the White House took occasion
to speak to the President about the post
mastership.
President McKinley is ready to appoint
McCoppin's successor in a few days. It is
the custom for the Republican Congress
man to name the Postmasters in his own
district, especiaily in his own city, and
Senator Parkins, who Is disposed to be as
liberal as possible, has already said that
he will not make any objections to any
good man who may be named by Loud.
John D. Spreckels, as stated in last
night's dispatches, is in favor of John T.
Dare for the postmastership, and as he
and Loud are entirely friendly and har
monious it may be that Mr. Spreckels'
wish will be gratified, as President Mc-
Kinley, as well as both Senator Perkins
and Representative Loua, realize that
Mr. Spreckels, as National Committee
man, is entitled to equal recognition. It
is certain therefore that if Dare is not ap
pointed postmaster he will be made ap
praiser.
It is expected that Perkins, Loud and
Spreckels will have a conference to-mor
row or Monday. It is certain the Post
mastership lies between Daly and Dare.
Messrs. Backus, Dodge, McKinley, Bas
sett and Stetson are not in it.
Representative Loud has received some
communications from McCoppin's bonds
men urging that the appointment be made
as soon as possible. One of the bondsmen
is ex-Senator Felton. Meanwhile Deputy
.Postmaster Doyle is conducting the office.
ANGELL STILL HAS A CHANCE.
The Slate Department Trying to Remove
the Objections of Turkey to the
New Minister.
WASHINGTON, D. C, May 29.— The
State Department is trying to remove
Turkey's objections to receiving Dr. An
gell of Michigan as Minister of tne United
States. With proverbial reticence the de
partment has declined to make any state
ment about the attitude of the Porte.
YOLO'S PIONEER SETTLER.
Career of the Late John R. Woifskill, the Founder of Winters.
WINTERS, Cal., May 29.— John R. Wolfskin, the pioneer settler of Yolo County, who died
early yesterday morning at the age of 93, was born in Kentucky in 1804. He arpronauted »o
California in 1838. Here his brother, William Wolfsklll, had a Mexican grant of 40,000 acres
of land on part of which the city of Los Angeles now stands.
In 1841 the Mexican Government gave to John R. Woifskill 14,000 acres of land known as
the Rancho de> Los Putos, lying on each side of Putati creek, in Solano and Yolo counties. He
immediately moved to this tract and founded the American settlement in this part of the
State. For fifty-six years he has been a central fl?ure in this region. Of great strength of
character, indomitable will and firm integrity, he was during the early days of California a
leader of men and a strong factor in the settlement of the country. Up to a few hours of his
death his mind wig clear and vigorous^nd was storod with early reminiscences of a busy life.
As people csme to this part of the State to find homes, Mr. Woifskill gradually sold his
lands, and, unlike many grant- holders, was never a bar to the development of the country.
Some ten years ego he deeded to each of his four children 1244 acres. The town of Winters
and some two hundred other homes now occupy portions of the famous Woifskill grant A
widow and four children survive him. The latter are Edward Woifskill, Mrs. Samuel Taylor,
Mrs. T. J. Bonny and Mrs. C. C. Councilman, all prominent la affairs of this region.
Some officials have gone even bo far as
to deny that there is anything to prevent
the cordial reception of Angell at Con
stantinople, but their denial is merely
technical, hinging on the difference be
tween the words "formal" and "unoffi
cial," as applied in the Turkish repre
sentations.
At the Turkish legation less equivocal
explanations were given. It was said
there that the State Department had been
asked if certain statements attributed to
Angell were true. What these statements
are cannot be definitely ascertained
further than that they are said to have
been contained in a newspaper inerview
with Angell and in a speech delivered by
him. Other things relating to Angell
with which the Porte is dissatisfied con
cern his reported connection with
religious organizations that have freely
criticize! the attitude of the Turkish
Government regarding Armenia and the
massacres of Christians.
There is a conflict in [the information
obtainable as to the manner in which the
Porte's inquiry was brought to the atten
tion of this Government. What appears
to be the most reliable explanation is that
Terrell cabled tfaat the Porte was contem
plating refusal to receive Angell, but be
iore taking action had started an inquiry
to ascertain whether he was correctly
quoted. Angell came to Washington this
week and told Secretary Sherman just
what he had said and meant in the inter
view. Tnis explanation was given the
Turkish Minister here for transmission to
the Minister of Foreign Affairs at Con
stantinople.
The State Department professes to be
lieve that Anpeli will be persona grata to
the Porte.but the Turkish legation qualifies
with the word "probable" its statement
that Angeli will be acceptable to the
Sultan.
TO MAINTAIN ITS RIGHTS.
Span Continues to Blutter While the
lusurqents Gain Fresh V. dories
in Cuba.
HAVANA, Cuba, May 29.— A cable re
ceived from Madrid nays that at the Cabi
net council much attention was paid to
the attitude of the United States. The
Government decided ''firmly to maintain
the rights of Spain in the island."
In Havana Province the Spanish forces
of Baleares suffered a great defeat yester
day at Sitio Viejo and Ban Jose. The
Cubans, under Cardenas and Arango,
compelled the Spanish to retire, leaving
in the field over 100 dead and wounded.
Calhoun has sent to Washington an
official report wholly confirming the de
scription of the situation made by Consul-
General Lee.
MADRID, Spain, May 29.— The Heraldo
publishes a gloomy editorial upon the at
titude of the United States Government,
which is preparing to intervene in behalf
of "perfidious Cuba," in the course of
which it asks: "Will Spain swallow the
pill, and what will be the consequence of
this "ad denouement of the Cuban ques
tion ? '
WASHINGTON, D. C, May 29— The
Spanish Minister has reported to the State
Department that another filibustering ex
pedition got away presumably Thursday
night on the steamer Dauntless some
where between Charleston and Savannah.
The exi-edision, according to the Min
ister's statement, was composed of sixty
men, who were to be transferred at sea to
another vessel. He said the cargo con
sisted of guns and ammunition and a
Gatling gun was included. Another ex
pedition is reported to be preparing at
Miami, near Cape Florida. Everything
indicates that the friends of Cuba here are
unprecedentedly active.
It was stated at the White House to-day
that Commissioner Calhoun intends leav
ing Havana Tuesday or Wednesday of
next week, arriving at Washington on
Friday.
Will -\-,t Enter a Monnntery.
PARIS, France, May 29.— The Figaro
makes an emphatic denial that Due
d'Alencon, whose wife perished in the
charity bazaar fire, is about to enter a
monastery.
BELMONT STAKE
GOES TO DALY
Fast Field Outfooted
Easily by Highland
Chieftain.
Octagon, the 7 to 1O Favorite,
Beaten by On Deck for
the Place.
Honest Old David Captures the
Mississippi Valley Selling
Stake.
MORRIS PARK, N. V., May
fore an immense crowd of enthusiastic
racegoers the bright copper and gold col
ors of the millionaire Montana turfman,
Marcus Daly, were carried to victory to
day in the classic Belmont stake worth
$3200 cash and a $1000 plate by Scottish
Chieftain, with Scherrer in the saddle.
Always prominent, he showed first before
the stretch was reached and won easily
from the outsider On Deck, with Sloan up.
Octagon, which coupled with Don de Oro
held sway in the betting, finished third,
Favorites took but two of the races on
the card.
Six furlongs, maiden, Impereator 110 (Sims),
7 to 2, coupled with Beaufort, won; Falerian
107 (Hewitt), 6 to 1. second; Eakins 110
(Sloan), Bto 5. thira. Time, 1:11%. Humor
ist, Amy Wade, High Tide, Mount Washington
and Beaufort iilso inn.
Five furlongs, two-year-olds, Demagogue
112 (Perm), even, won; Swango 108 (Tnorpe),
3to 1, second ; Lady Ashley 109 (Sims), sto 2,
third. Time, :59J.^. Ocean Blue also ran.
The Belmont states, mile and three-eighths,
Scottish Chieftain 115 (Scherrer), 6 to 5.
coupled with Ogden, won; On Deck 115
(Sloan), 15 to 1, second; Octagon 122 (Sims), 7
10 10. coupled with Don de Oro, third. Time,
2:22%. Don de Oro, Ogden.^and Horoscope
also ran.
Amateur cup. Withers mile— Diversion 134
(Foxhall Keene), 4 to 1, won; Xmas 137
(Haigbt), 8 to 5. second; Hawardcn 157 (Eus
tis), even, third. Time, 1:46^. Baroness also
ran.
Van Cortland high-weight handicap, seven
furlongs— Tinge 124 (Doggett), 4 to 1, won;
Premier 132 (Taral), tt to 1, second; Setfast
110 (Sims), 5 to 1, third. Time, 1:29%
Brandywiue, Tremargo, Trillette, Hurl aud
Gotnam also ran.
One mile and a quarter, handicap — Wol
burst 112 (Sloan), even, won; 3ue Kitty 105
(O'Leary), y to 5, second; Counsellor Howe
100 (Lamley), 8 to 1, third. Time, 2:11^.
Timor and St. Agnes also ran.
LATONIA, Ky., May 29.— The track was
fast again to-day and three favorites
scored. Pink Coat annexed the Harold
stake from a fine held.
Seven furlongs, selling— Munden 105 (Ran
dall), 7 to 2, won; Belle of Fordham 100 (T.
Burn*-), 4 to 1, second; Maggie S 100 (J. Jack
eon), Bto 1, third. Time, 1:29. Goldie Locks,
Billy Arnold, Harry Lee. Grey Eclipse. Lizzie
Mack. King Elkwood, Elsket, Kosendylle and
Duke of Montrose II also ran.
Nine-sixteenths of a mile, purse — Cuba Free
110 (T. Burns). 6 to 1, won; Demster 103 (H.
Williams), 8 to 1, second; Allie Belle 115 (J.
Hill). & to 2, third. Ti-ne, :56. Caddie C,
Onwentsea, Strathlou, Madam Gerst, Meta
physics and Oneante also ran.
One and a sixteenth miles, Belling— Letcher
102 (Fowler), 4 to 1, won; imp. Eddie Burke
108 (H. Williams), 17 to 1, second; James
Mv n roe 99 (Everett), 2 to 1, third. Time,
1:47^. Mermaid, Subscriber, Blanton, Do
mingo and Serrano also ran.
Hnrold stnke, five furlones— Pink Coat 110
(C. Reiff), 7 to 2, won; Maclver 110 (J. Gard
ner), 8 to 1, second; Swing 105 (Hlrscb), 10 to
1, third. Time, l:U2Jfc. McCleary, First Call,
Hampden, Goodrich, John Bright, Arcturus,
Dominis and Gallivant also ran.
Six furlongs, purse— Pete 109 (R. Williams),
2 to 1, won; Imp 100 (F. Burns), 12 to 1, sec
ond; Sharon 110 (Clerico), 12 to 1, third.
Time, 1:13%. Remji, Uncle Simon, Sanga
mou, Judith C, Honor, W C T and Fiotow also
ran.
Seven furlongs, selling— Fred Barr 111
(CLiyton), 10 to 1, won; Mazarine 108 (C.
Keifi), 7 to 10, second; Pouting 99 (Dupee), 6
to 1, third. Time, 1:2 d%. Yellow Kose, Vice
Regal, Miss Bowett, Waldine and Rheinstrom
also ran.
BT. LOUIS, Mo. May 29.— A bis crowd
here to-day saw Patsy Freeman land the
Mississippi selling stake with honest old
David, the favorite, Macy, finishing
second. The track was muddy but five
choices managed to win.
Seven furlongs, selliug— Ursula 105 (Slaugh
ter^, 95, to won; Go d Top 100 (Matthews), 7
to 2, second; Disturbance 112 (Kced), 12 to 1,
third. Time, 1:32%. Gladys Jl, Tom Murphy,
Little Billie, Metmre, Ferris Hartman, Jack
Bradley and MrliMuff also ran.
One mile— Kloridas 107 (Garner), 1 to 3,
won; Colonel Gay 112 (Van Dusen), 7 to 2,
second; Aim, 109 (Foucon), 30 to 1. third.
Time, 1:47. Can Gallop, Play Boy, C. 8. Busn,
Moralist, Miss Al Farrow also ran.
Five lurlongs. Jtwo-year-olds — Sorrow 110
(Slaughter), 1 to 4, won"; Miriau G. 103 (Mat
thews), 30 to 1, 6econd; Libation 103 (Gar
ner), Bto 1, third. Time, I:OSJ£ Bertha Uuff,
Tessie L., Lough Musk, Equitoiie, King Oscar,
also ran.
The Mississippi Valley gelling stake, one
mile— David 107 (Freeman), 7 to 2, won; Macy
101 (T. Murphy), 2 to 1, second; Damocles 97
(Rebu), 15 to 1, third. Time, 1:44^. Remem
uer Me, Harry McCouch, Robair, Linda, Nim
rod. Gustave Cook also ran.
Fifteen-sixteenth of a mile, selling — Mar
quise 105 (Slaughter), even, won; Helen Gara
ner 101 (Campbell), 10 to 1, second; Ace 105
(T. Murphy). 4to 1, third. Time, I:3B}s. The
Ghost, Pavan, Cass and Jane also run.
Seven furlongs, selling— Sea Robber 104 (T.
Murphy), Ito 2, won; Scor< her 9s (Slaughter),
4 to 1, second; Russella 103 (Van Dusen) 12 to
1, third. Time, 1:33^. Dawa and Monttella
aLso ran.
BROOKLIX MAMOICAP JEXTBIEB.
The rich Brooklyn handicap over a mile and
a quarter, one ot the severest tests ol speed
and endurance to which a thoroughbred can
be put, will be decided in the far East to-mor
row, the opening day at the Brooklyn race
track. The probabie winner is speculated
on months before the race comes to an issue,
ana interest in the big event is general through
out the country. The probable starters, with
the weights assigned by the handicapper aud
the jockeys who will ride are: HandsDring
125 (Sims). Harry Reed 114 (Taral). Ben
Eder 113 (Thorpe), Belmar 121 (T. Sloan),
The Winner 115 (H. Martin), Lake Snore 105,
Sly Fox 110, Loki 108 (J. Hill), Free Advice
108 (Scherer), Merry i'rince 100, King Arthur
Jl 98, Sir Waiter 115 (Doggett). Volley 95 and
Jetton on 83.
Requital was to have been a starter, and the
frlenoa of the son of imp. Eothen were legion,
but his recent poor showing with Handspring
probably caused his withdrawal. The two
carrying the colors of George E. Sinitn (Pitts
burg Phil), Belmar and The Winner, are nicely
located at the weights, and will he heavily
supported. Dr. McLean has sent his slashing
big colt Loki on from the West, and the South
ern contingent will presumably string its coin
his way. He has been traveling great guns in
private, and with J. Hill in the saddle, may
furnish the Easteners a surprise. Haudspiing
though, the slashing bis; son of Hanover, has
been getting ovor the ground in a way to
tickle the fancy of Trainer McCabe, and the
horse that beats him will probably carry away
the prize.
Slaughter continues his winning lick In the
saddle at St. Louis, scarcely a day passtng that
he does not get two or three mounts past the
finishing post in front.
During the three weeks' period of racing at
Morris Park, David Gideon headed the list ot
winning owners, withoversl3,ooo to his credit.
James R. Keene was tounh on the list with
$4395 and Marcus Daly tilth, his horses plac
ing $4392 to the Montana turfman's credit.
Crawley Thorpe is evidently not in the best
of standing in the far East. An Eastern report
says that one day la-t week ho gave a ghastly
exhibition astride Storm Queen, and it is un
derstood from high authority that the first
bad break the young man indulges in will re
sult in a rigid dose of discipline.
Humbug, a recent winner at .Louisville,
owned by J. E. Madden, is said to be more
than a useful selling plater.
fiiy- iiiir Jtoad Hare at Ban Jots.
SAN JOSE, Cal., May 29.— The second
of a series of five-mile handicap road
races participated in by the High School
Wheelmen was won this morning by A.
Cameron in 14:35. The winner had a
handicap of 1 minute and 10 seconds. B.
Lynch ( :50) was second in 14:21.
.^^^^-^^-.^^.-^--w---^-^^ NEW TO-DAY — CLOTHIN.
ONE 3
3DOZEHST!
TWELVE OF 'EM!
T/z,O Dozen-Dollar Sale of ours has pleased the
public to such an extent, it has met with such popular
approval, it has relieved our suit room of so many
fine Suits, and will be the cause of cementing the bond
of friendship between our house and our patrons
closer, that we have concluded to continue this high-
class sale of Suits and Overcoats for just a few days
more,
.A. DOZEN DOLLARS.
... - ... - -. .
B fit- ■ ikii jbtt^" ,;3fev.
Prince Alberts
Made from fine English Clay
Worsteds in black; tailored in
a high-class manner.
Dressy Cutaways
In fine English Worsteds, in
blues and blacks.
The Soft Roll
Single-Breasted Sack.
That Swell
Double- Breasted Sack.
All the above garments are
represented in this high-class
offer. They are the newest crea-
tions of the master minds of
tailoring.
♦
We're known all over the
Coast and wherever fine goods
are worn to be not alone the
leaders of fashion, but to handle
only the highest grade of cloth-
ing.
No doubt you'll appreciate the
fact when these fine suits, when
these fine garments that we men~
tion above, are offered to you for
A DOZEN DOLLARS.
9, ii, 13 and 15 Kearny Street.
FRISCO'S LARGEST AMD HANDSOMEST
ESTABLISHMENT.
A Rare Treat.
We have always placed at-
tractive values before you, but
scarcely any one of 'em of a
magnitude equal to these, nor
made up of as fine merchandise
as contained in this offer.
- m
Stripes are quite the swell
thing with the fashionable
dressers. You will see every
correct dresser wearing a striped
Worsted Suit this ■ season. He's
had his tailor make it for him
for $50 or $60.
There isn't a tailor living in
America that can make 'em as
swell as the ones we are show-
ing to-day at
$12.00.
There's a remarkably grand
collection of fine English Wors-
teds in blues, blacks and in the
narrow rib ; also in th" rough
Cheviot; all swell goods; all
high-class goods gotten up in
high-class manner.
A DOZEN DOLLARS.
34
PETALUMA HIGH
SCHOOL WINS
Victor in the Sonoma-
Mendocino League
Field Day.
Spirited Athletic Contests De
cided on Santa Rosa's
Racetrack.
Uklah's Athletes Capture Second
Place From Those of Santa
Rosa.
SANTA ROFA, Cal., May 29. -The j
athletic field day of the Sonoma-Mendo
cino Athletic League took place to-day at
the racetrack. The lour high pchools of
Sonoma and Mendocino counties — those
of Healdsburg, Petaluma, Santa Roiaand
Ukiah — had representatives in tne strug
gle for athletic supremacy. After a stub
born contest the Petaluma High School
came out victorious, with 62 points to its
credit, as against 44}^ points for Ukiah,
I*} 4 for Banta Rosa and 1 for Healdsburg.
The victorious Petalumans received an
elegant silver cup.
An excursion train from Ukiah arrived
in the morning, bedecked in the purple
and gold of the Ukiah High School.
Throngs of Petaluma sympathizers with
ribbons of purple and white and Hcalds- ;
burg partisans decorated with lavender i
and white were welcomed by the local !
high school representatives, who were I
everywhere in evidence with their orange !
and black decorations.
Between 2000 and 3000 spectators crowded
the grandstand and grounds at the race
track. The day was almost perfect for an
athletic meet, and the tracK was in the
Lest of condition. Long b?fore 1:30
o'clock, when the games were called, the
grounds presented an animated appear
ance, a; the supporters of the several
teams vented their enthusiasm in cheer
ing and tooting tin horns. Intense rival
ry was the order, and each team seemed
to be couiident of victory. AJ L2an, who
had been training the athletes of the
Ukiah High School, and Everett Brown,
captain of the University of California
team, who had been coaching the Peta
luma boys, were among the most intei
ested and anxious spectators.
From an athletic standpoint, the nald
day was a grand success. The showing
made by the athletes, handicapped ai they
were by having a horse track to run over,
was creditable indeed, and indicated that
there was any amount of athletic talent
in the league. Tne finish of the 100-yard
dash, in which Putnam, Henley and
Cramer ran a dead heat, was one of the
most exciting incidents of the day's sport.
The managers of the competing teams
were: E. A. Strout, manager of the Santa
Kosa team and of the Sonoma-Mendocino
L ague; L. McClish of the Healdsbnrg
team, Tom McGuire of the Petaluma team
End A. J. Heger of the Ukiah team. The
HKcials in charge of the field day were:
Oerk of course— E. M. Cox of Santa Rosa.
Judges— J. S. Sweet of Santa Rosa, John
Gunn of Healdsburg and Fred Martin of Peta
lima,
Timekeepers— Archie Anderson of the U. C,
Harry Leppo and V. P. Baker. ■
. Referees— Al Lean of the U. C, K. J. Brown
of the U. C. and Ben H. Barnes.
Starter— Blake of the U. C.
Following is a complete i,-_«. of the en
following » a complete list of the en
tries, the winners and their performances,
The initials after the names designate the
schools they represented— H. for Healds
burp, P. for Petaluma, S. R. for Santa
Rosa and U. for Ukiah :
.^«. j „ ;~ _ '
100-yard dBBh-Griffitb, EL; Putnam, P.;
SAN JOSE'S NEW HIGH SCHOOL BUILDING, As It Will Appear When
Completed.
SAN JOSE, Cal., May 29.— The City Board of Education to-day approved ths plans of Supervising Architect Jacob
Lenzen for the new High School bnilding, which is to cost $75,000. The building will contain sixteen classrooms and an
assembly hall 60 by 80 feet in dimensions. It will be erected on the portion of Normal School square ceded by act of the
Legislature to the city.
Cramer, P.; Brush, P.; Wooley, S. R. ; Prince,
;S. R. ; Stofen, S. R.; F. Estes, U., Henley, U.; W.
i Estes, C Dead heat between Putnam, P.:
i Cramer, P., and Henley, U. In running off
I the heat Putnam, P., won; Henley, U., second;
Cramer, P.. tuird. Time, 10 1-5 seconds.
Shot put— Reynolds, H. ; Cake, U. ; Scott, P ;
Talmadge, S. R. ; McGregor, S. R.; Eveleth, S.
R. ; F. Estes, U. ; Lauce, U. ; Flnley, U. Won by
Eveleth, S. R. ; F. Estes, U.. second; Finley,
| U.. third. Distance, 30 feet, 10 inches.
440-yara run— Cake, H. ; Staton, H. ; Goschen,
P.; McGuire, P.; Graves, P., Smith, S. R. ;
Prince, 8. R. ; Wooley, S. R. ; Holman, U. ;
! Finney, V. Won by Guschen, P.; Finney, U.,
I second; Smith, S. R., third. Time, 2 minutes,
i 3 1-5 seconds.
. , Twelve-pound hammer throw— Reynolds, H. ;
; Patterson, II.; Putnam, P.; Eveleth, S. R. ;
i ! Tnlmaijre, S. R. ; Steele, S. R. ; F. Estes, V.;
1 [Lance, U. ; Fiuley, U. Won by Henley, U. ;
* I Lance, U., second; Estes, U., third. Distance,
5 i 123 ft. 9 in.
220-yard, hurdle— Cake. H. ; McLish, H. ;
Farquar, P.; Cramer, P.; Brush, P. ; J. Steele,
,j S. R. ; Henley, U. Won by Farquar, P.; Brush,
] P.. and Cramer, P., tieing for second place.
i Time, 27 3:5 see.
Pole vauli— J. Haigh, H. ; Y. Haigh, H.;
Bell, H.; Cram-.r, P.; Scott, P.; Henley, P.;
Rogers, S. R. ; Taylor. S. R. ; Talmadge, S. R. ;
Henley, U. ; Van Allen, U.; Thomas, U. Won
I by Henley, D. Height, 9 it. 3 in.
| 880-yard run— Staton, H., Reynolds, H., Mc
j CHsh, H., Goalien, P.. Cuinmerford, P., Cos
j tello. P., Smith, ?. R., Gamier, S. R., H. Steele,
; S. R.,Finne, D., Rogers, V. Won by Goscben,
j P., Finne, D.. second, Smith, 8. R., third.
| Time, 2 mm. 3J< sec.
220-yard d»s>a— Cake, EL, Griffith, H., Cra
mer, P., Graves, P., McGnire, P., Wooley, S. R.,
Prince, S. R., Stofen, 8. R., W. Estes, U., Hol
mah, U., Henley, U. Won by McGuire, P..
i Henley, U., second. Time, 23 3-5 sec.
-Mile walk— Patterson, H., Laughlin, H.,
j Scot:, P., Camn, P., McGregor, S. R., Freeman,
: S. R , Lsrue, U., Elder, U. Won by Scott, P..
I Lance, V., second, Elder, U., third. Time, 8
mi:t. 4 sec
120-yard hurdle— Griffith, H., Miller, H.,
Pnuce, S. R., Taylor, 6. R., F. Erter, V. Won
by Cramer, P., Putnam, P., second,' Estes IT
third. Time, 18K sec. ''
Running high jump— F. Haigh, H. ; Bell, H.;
Griffltn, H. ; Costello, P. ; Henley, P.; Goschen.
P., Taylor, S. R. ; Rogers, S. R. ; F. Estes, U. :
Thomas, U. Wou by Goschen,- P.; Taylor
8.R., second. Height, 4 feet 11 inches. ■
Ruauing broad jump— Bel), H. ; Miller, H. ;
p n tnam, P.; Henley, P.; Wooiey,S. R.;Roger 8
a R.; Eveleih, S. R. ; Finley, U.; Henley, U.
Won by Putnam, P. 'Henley, U., second; Fin
ley, U., third. Distance, 20 feet,
Mlle run— Reynolds, H. ; ; Laughlin, H. ;
p^A 6 ,? 1 P « ; C nm ™ er /, ord » P- > _Kl«»ley,- a.' R- ;
Bennett, s>. R.r-Uautier, S. R.; Flnne, U;
Rogers, U, ' '
:' .--..,-.-■.-■-,'.-.-. ■ -..»■. - • .-. . . - ■ . -. • . ■-. .-;■»-, • . . - - . ..■ _.-.-..- -
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 30, 1897.
Won by Finne, U. ; Rogers, U., second;
Goschen, P., third. Time, 4 mm. 57 sec.
One mile bicycle race— Bates, H. ; J. Haigh,
H.; Hall, P.; Scott, P.; McGuire, P.; Noonan,
S. R. ; Belden, S. R. ; Stofen, 8. R. ; Thorn
ton, U.
\\ on by Noonan, S. R. ; Stofen, S. R., second.
Time, 2 mm. 14J^ sec.
In the evening two open-air concerts
were given by the Parker and Rose City
bands and the day's festivities concluded
with a grand party and dance in Social
Hail given by the Santa Rosa boys in
honor of their visitors.
ON THE DIAMOND.
Scores of Yesierday's Games in the Na
tional League and the Standing
of Ihe Clubs.
CT.TTM— W. L. PC. | CttrßS— W. L. PC.
Baltimore... 22 7 .757 New York. .. 13 13.600
I'ittsbonc.... "j9 10 .655; PhiUdeip'*.. 16 16 .483
Cincinnati... 20 11 .645 I Brooklyn 14 16.466
Cleveland.. . 17 12 .68« i Washington. 918 .383
Boston 16 J2 .671IChicago 10 21 .322
Louisville... 14 14 .BUOJst. Louis..... 6 SJ6 .193
PITTSBURG, Pa., May 29. — Plttsburg B,
Brooklyn 4. Second game — Plttsburg 9,
Brooklyn 7.
CLEVELAND. Ohio, May 29.— Cleveland 2.
Baltimore 8.
CINCINNATI, Ohio, May 29.— Cincinnati 2,
Boston 1.
LOUISVILLE. Kt., May 29.— Louisville 2,
Washington 5.
CHICAGO, 111.. May 29.— Chicago 10, Phila
delphia 11.
NEW YORK. N. V., May 29— New York 7,
St. Louis 6. Second game— New York 8. St.
Louis 5.
feat of San Jose ffhxelmen.
SAN JOSE. Cal., May 29.— Gail Harden
brook and Tony Delmas, members of the
Garden City Cyclers, to-day performed
tbe remarkable feat of riding from this
city to Mount Hamilton in 2 boars and 16 I
.^VMlfces. The distance is twenty-seven
miles and all up hill. The entire distance
was traversed without a dismount. Here
tofore the ride to Smiths Creek, about
half-way, in two hours was considered ex
cellent time.
LIfKD IX XO« AXQELBB.
' areer of " Salvation " Donnelly, the
Mated of Tombstone.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., May 29.—An
other bad man with a record in Los An
geles is "Salvation" Donnelly, the leader
of a religions sect in ibe Huachaca Moun
tains, Arizona, who was convicted at
Scenes at the Sonoma-Mendocino Field Day at Santa Rosa»
Tombstone on the charge of inhuman
cruelty to children. Five years ago Don
nelly was well known in Los Angeles. For
a short time he worked with the Salva
tion Army, but soon branched out as an
independent leligious teacher. In some
way he learned of a promising silver mine
in Arizona which had been deserted years
before. He found the mine, worked it
and is now rich. He returned to this city
four years ago and married Alvina Reich
ert, whose father was a carpenter at Boyd
and Wall streets.
Donnelly established a small city on the
proceeds of his mine, the disciples of the
camp working on the communistic prin
ciple.
Suicide at Pitaluma.
PETALUMA, Cal.. May 29— A poor,
discouraged old man was found dead this
morning in the little hut he occupied in
this city. He ha i been making a half
starved sort of a living for some time
doing odd jobs and evidently decided to
end the struggle for existence by killing
himself. He had been known a-t "Jack"
Ahlmann, bat it has since been learned
that his real name was Jacob Ehlemann.
The suicide had almost severed his head
from his body with a knife. After gash
ing himself in this manner he had hanged
himself with a bale rope fastened to a pro
jecting corner. Ehlemann was German
by birth and about 60 v-ears old.
Truekee Murderer ' onrieted.
NEVADA CITY, Cal., May 29.— Months
ago Giacomo Arrighini, a young Italian
ol Truckee, shot his brother Dominici,
four years his senior, and killed him.
There was strong talk of lynching him
before he was lodeed in the county jail.
Since Tuesday he has been on trial for
murder, and to-night the jury found him
guilty of manslaughter. His delense was
that he had been taking excessive doses of
quinino and became demented, so that
when he saw his brother approaching in
the moonlight he imagined him to be a
robber, and fired three bullets iuto him.
Brt/an to Visit Fresno,
FKESNO, Cal., May 29.— A telegram
from William J. Bryan of Lincoln,
Nebr., says he will speak here under the
auspicei of the Silver Clnb on July 3or
6, the dispatch to be explained by letter.
Great preparations are in progress, and
it is believed 30,000 people will assemble
to hear him.
PARKER AGAIN IN
PRESCOTT'S JAIL
Ironed Hand and Foot
He Enters His Old
Cell.
Intended Lynching Prevented
by a Strategy of His
Captors.
Leave Their Train Two Miles From
Town and Reach the Prison
In a Carriage.
PRESCOTT, Ariz., May 29.— 1t will be
three weeks to-morrow since Train-robber
Parker left the Prescott ]ail over the dead
body of young La.c Norris. To-night the
desperado, alone with Forger Miller, was
brought back to his old cell, this time se
curely ironed nand and foot, and with no
possibility of bis escaping again.
Sheriffs Rnffner of Yavapai and Cam
eron of Coconino counties Drought the
prisoners from Flagstaff and landed them
in jail here secretly and securely. The
train was stopped two miles out of town,
where the party was met by Ruffner's
brothers with a closed carriage. Thus a
great crowd at the station was disap
pointed and, possibly, mob violence pre
vented.
There was ample /ear of the latter, for
threats of lynching had been openly made.
To-night Sheriff George RnfTner is a hap
pier man than he has been for three weeks
previous, as he has successfully concluded
a most fatiguing series of travels after the
worst desperado alive in Arizona.
A great crowd bid Parker good-by at
Flagstaff and many expressions of admi
ration for his wonderful nerve, and even
sympathy for his present predicament,
were expressed. Parker said to-day that
he regretted killing Lee Norrls.
"I had nothine against him," he said;
"only I was rattled and was afraid he
would wine me from the tower. How*
ever, what's done is done."
Parker was in fine humor and, on the
train from Flagstaff, talked a good deal
about his recent exploits. He said he
had been three nights without sleep, or
Preston and his Navajos would never
have caught him napping. Unless RuiT
nor and Cameron bad arrived just, as they
did he would have killed a few of the In
dians easily and escaped a.'am. He had
his plans laid and was only waiting until
his horse had been watered and fed.
United States Attorney Eilinwood
claimed Parker as a Federal prisoner yes
terday at Flagstaff, but Ruffner emphat
ically declined to turn him over, and af ler
some sharp words Eilinwood left the city.
At 'Whipple, a short distance out of
town, seventy-five determined armed men
were assembled, expecting that Parker
would be taken off the train there.
They were disappointed, but have vowed
to have their way yet During the ride
through town the crowd at dome places
surrounded the vehicles in which were the
prisoners. Miller in great terror cried
out:
"Oh, my God, here they come; I knew
they would do it."
"Shut up, you — fool!" roared Parker,
and he gave Miller a kick with his man
acled foot. Then he waved his hat at the
cro'vd and called out:
"How do you do, boys? We're just
riding about to get the air."
Extraordinary precautions had been
taken against mob violence at every point,
and Ruffner is happy to-night in success
fully landing his man. Jim Parker's dar
ing and sang froid are the talK of the city.
STOCKTON'S BOLD HIGH WAY 111 AM.
Insurance Agent Paynter of Sacramento
the Latest Victim of the
Robber.
STOCKTON, Cal., May 29.— Stockton's
lone highwayman comes out as regularly
now as the stars. Last night he held a
man up under the shadow ot the Baptist
church and got about $14, but through a
bit of carelessness be failed to cover the
lower part ot his chin with the mask that
he wore, and a scar was noticed extending
from the corner of the moutti down. That
will give the officers a tangible clew to the
robber.
The victim last night was R. L. Payn
ter, an insurance agent from Sacramento.
He had been visiting a friend in the north
ern part of the city and was on his way
home. It was about 11 o'clock, when h«
was walking leisurely along in iront of the
Baptist church. He felt a hand gently
on his shoulder, and as he turned around
a man in the shadow asked him what time
It was. The agent answered that he did
not have his watch with him, thinking
nothing further about the matter and
starting to walk on. The highwayman
then asked for money, and without delay
proceeded to search the insurance man's
pocket?, taking all he had. The officers
were out all night searching for the rob
ber, bat without success.
TO PLEAD FOR WORDEN.
American Railway Union Committee Will
Be Heard by Governor Budd
To- Day.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., May 29.—To
morrow morning at 10 o'clock a com
mi ttee from the American Railway Union,
headed by Harry A. Knox and George G.
Cros?ley, will be accorded an interview
by Governor Budd on behalf of Salter D.
Worden, the condemned train-wrecker,
who is under sentence to be hanged at
Folsom x>rison on June 4. The committee
claims that it is prepared to produce six
affidavits from persons who were called
upon the day after the wreck at Two-
Mile trestle, and who were asked by cer
tain persons for money to enable them to
get out of the country, and that Worden
was not one of the persons; also that
they could produce a confession of the
guilty persons.
This morning the Governor received a
telegram ffom Crossley asking him when
he would meet the committee from the
American Railway Union. The Governor
immediately pent back the word:
"In my office at Bacramento at 10
o'clock to-morrow morning. Shall de
termine action within twenty-four hours
thereafter. Further delay impossible."
Bale of a Shasta riant.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., May 29. -J. E.
Terry of the Friend & Terry Lumber Com
pany has purchased from person* holding
under a trust deed the entire plant and
property of the Shasta Lumber Company,
which failed some time ago for nearly
$1,000,000. The price paid by Terry for the
property was the sura due under the trust
deed made to E. McLaughlin for a loan by
the San Jose Deposit Bank of Savings —
something less than $100,000.
The property thus acquired includes a
broad-gaug6 railroad sixteen miles in
length from Anderson, Shasta County, to
the end of the company's flume; a flume
thirty-two miles Ion?, carrying 2500
miner's inches of water; a box factory
and drying kilns at ihe dump end of the
flnme; a complete sawmill plant with a
capacity of 10,000,000 feet of lumber a
«ea-on, and 28,000 ucres of Shasta County
timber land on which, it is claimed, is
600,000,000 feet of lumber in eight.
. NEW TO-DAY.
REiNDEER^tAfIONS,
— — ■■■■If
SINCE WE SECURED AND EXECUTED THE GOVERNMENT CONTRACTS >
against nil Eastern and Western competition for outfitting the Reindeer Sta-
tions in upper Alaska, ana other enterprises in that far away land, our facili-
ties are becoming better known and our ability- to do well "big things" or "little
things" more appreciated. Institutions and associations not bound by law to the
contract system are looking our way for good service and money saving. This is
right. We are the people's store, and want every one who can to take an interest in
distributing our goods. A few prices only named.
ON BARGAIN TABLET USEFUL BARGAINS.
Fn7lUh°^ne L X e "arVam a cd orl '' ? C I Jl!lIi «- P ure - home-made, assorted .80
* * "! O rt.r, wire 10- cent value i! ' 1>r * s " rp s » sro.-it varie yon ,ale 13M|«
Uo, -a Compound, to save shoe sales 5c I PtZJhiS? •!«« «™ lit
Hand fcapolio, luc size. Des. 5 O t'rooiipt Set< « lulu ai 75
Mott's Boiled Cider, 50c il«,now 35c • cSS^.~ l ffSi&i- l i^-™"".r."v.lK
_ _. _!.."_ . .^_ >emon, it 20-tent wheat mil h 15c
READ THIS LIST. -N^tann^, dried fair and bright. 60
So D^^tTfor7. r n e cy°wo r y:: OTHER BARGAINS.
SffiS^il%ia^^fiS-.g^SS EX'F^e'^AvaVt^Tc-iind-"-- loS
To'o*^*™?'^ brisllei x ?° 1 i-lS- Sfb^^^e^ T^?^:::::r.S
? a ™S?SamDleV 1 yard sauara eood ir° Bisger Children's Uhlrts orPants 180 :.!^
Carpet oamplei, 1 yara square, good 150, little Folks' row <-hni>< ■< ■» 7 ....350
Combination Tool, does many thing....; 4 c B)ggeF c hildren 8 oiTordi ........35c, flOe
lArge Galvanized iJipp>-r*, 100 sias 6c Ladies' Fine Oxrords, small sizes ..800, 750
Canes from Oregon, nne woods XBc : La d i es . 1 lain loe shoe-,, small sizes. ..50c,
Boys' Knives, good enough to lose 2 0 Boys' Drums, not very large 10*
Boy*' solts, good enough to last •1.50 Boys' Carts, with wood wheel*"' .'.'• 7o
s«wing Machines, $65 at retail stores 818.00 Boys' Wagons, with wood wheels 10 °
Blanlt«ts, tnll size, tray or white. 60a Carpet Sweepers, for little girls 300, 500
We have Baskets at all prices from l-cent handle baskets to large hampers.
Our Chinese Lanterns are in; other Fourth of July fixtures coming in soon,
Castallian Water is not a beverage, but a medicine and a good one.
Buy a few pieces of cheap Silk and Satin Ribbon while it is going.
Boys' Heavy Kip Shoes for every day, 11 to 2at $1.25 and 2% to 6at $1.60. | /
Little Child's Red or Oi-Blood Shoes in all fashionable styles.
Green Shoes for Ladles and Children are the next thing in footwear.
TMJ^''^firaPff^r'>' Hr'^'lß 9 ''' ISi SSiB
Our Furniture prices are attracting the attention of buyers.
f:v v ' ' ■ MEhKHB ' Blankets for Summer use,, white or gray, 60 cents up.
■■.___. ) WjaMjam 1 ''">' Men's and Boys' Clothing where you will be treated O. K.
i&iSiga ■ J mB&BB J A cut in ** ' price of Summer Dress Goods to-morrow.
• TWH^t ■ -^JSJSISkI f Bicycle Pants are being sold at broke price*.
'• OmKjMßSßwgSpSraEav Visiting Endeavorers are invited to call and sse us.
' HBbSH^W^/ Horn? Dining-room, 6th floor, is well patronized.
\^^i^j2g|jjj£|J^/ 44-Page Price List sent free to everybody.
Address— The Big Store at the Ferry— 2s-27 MARKET STREET.
ARIZONA WOMEN
ENTITLED TO VOTE
Enfranchised by an Act |
of the Last Legis
lature.
"Joker" Contained in a Bill
Passed During the Closing
Hours.
Grants Them the Privilege of Cast
ing Ballots In Municipal
Elections.
PHCENIX, Ariz., May 29.— The discoT
ery has just been made by a Tucson law
yer that the last Legislature passed what
now appears to be a virtual equal suffrage
law ; ai least, in so far as it relates to city
elections. (Suffrage bills were introduced
in both branches of the Legislature, but
after much catory both of them were
killed by overwhelming majorities. Dar
ing the excitement which attended the
closing days of the Legislature General
O'Neil, the Mayor of Prescott, secured the
passage aad the gubernatorial approval of
a lengthy measure regulating municipal
affairs in incorporated cities. One of the
sections of this bill reads:
At any city election every taxpayer is enti
tled to vote, without distinction of sex. But
nothing herein ahull be construed as abridg
ing the right ol an elective franchise possessed
by any person.
The women of the Equal Suffrage Club
of Phoenix are very much disappointed
because they did not know of the new law
in time to improve their opportunity at
the spring election, but now that the se
cret is out the suffragists of the entire
Territory will combine for the purpose of
demanding their legal rights at the polls
in all future city elections.
rtmt.4 THIS VirORCEEB' MECCA.
California* Laxo Evaded by a Trip
Aernn* the Jioundari/. '
YUM A, Ariz., May 29.— Yuma has be
come California's Gretna Green. Already
half a dozen or more Golden State sweet
hearts who have gone through the divorce
mill either singly or together have flown
across the border to enter upon their new
matrimonial ties and then tiiKen the next
train bacK to California. They come here
jew TO-D J
liiotizEDlif
FOR THE— • • - :
Painless
Extraction
OF
TEETH!
A Set of Teeth for $10, the best that can
be made; my former prices $15 and $20.
Extractions 50 cents, and ail other work
at reduced prices.
Teeth Without Plates, Bridge Work,
Gold and Porcelain Crowns •
A SPECIALTY.
T.H. MORRIS, D.D.S.
ROOMS 28 TO 4, '
Phelan Building, S. F.
to escape the law passed by the last Cali
fornia Legislature, which requires all
those who obtained divorces to vrait at
least a year before tying another marriage
knot. Under the Arizona law all that is
required iv marrying is that the contract
ing parties shall ba of age and unmarried.
Several Yuma clergymen are laying in
large supplies of blank marriage certifi
cates in antripa'ion of the L-reat rtuh.
HIS OWN DOCTOR
You will meet a man every
now and again who Is his
own doctor. He will buy
shoes from shoemakers, meat
from butchers and soap from
chandlers, but he must be
his own doctor. He tinkers
with himself, uses every
kind of tea or herb he can
find. This being yourown
doctor Is all very good for the
motherly woman of a big
family, whose experience,
actual contact — is great —
but the ordinary man can no
more be his own doctor than
can a goat read Latin, or a
mule study Greek. A man
who finds he Is suffering
from a nervous disorder or
who discovers that he Is suf-
fering from
FAILING MANHOOD
Should go about seeking
relief the same as he would
any other requisite he may
require. He should goto the
place that shows the greatest
amount of absolute proof of
its ability. If you will call
to the doctors of Hudson
Ar'edical Institute you can
read for yourself files and
files and files of testimonials
from living men; from men
who have been cured of se-
cret disorders, of lost man-
hood and like diseases. The
1 doctors ahvays use Hudyan
remedy-treatment as a basis
or as a foundation for the
cure, and never guarantee
anything of which they are .
not absolutely sure of keep-
ing. Hudyan is a remark-
able treatment in cases where
dissipation or abuse has
wrecked the young life of the
. patient. Hudvan does not
cure everything. It Is a
remedy for men and only for
men. Consult the Hudson
Doctors Free or write for
circulars and testimonials.
Hudson Medical Institute,
Kill a. Market and Stockton Sis..
— ■ ■ "
TON 6 PO CHY,
tofnfa&Xig^i&mL f-uccesior to DIC LAI
fMM&*&ffi-J!&33$ \ I'O TAI. graduate of
GWTOWSKfittSS&raY canton Medical CoY-
KsP^^ZXS&jSM&t ltK«. »fwr a -rery iao-
WM " ce».ifal pmctlce of
W,^ • "K?\JJ? m»ny years in China,
WS|>BJISk ft#^ has lo<au;d in Baa
tTONB PO CHY,
f-uccesior to DR. LAX
w PO TAI. gradual* of
\ Cau ton Medical CoJ-
tt ltge. aftf r a very SQO-
rf ceiMful practice of
' many yean in China,
ban lo' aied la Ban
FraocUco. Tha sar-
' \///l \ JtJI prlsiait and marreloua
W/rSOtf * •/ cures effected by hit
. nBKfflA ' if " herbs demonstiate.
jRSSSI'/l their pot«nce and his
F^ffj™V^C ■«>"• These herb*
cure over 400 different
}£!B*>siL-j*J2?r^ diseases, mending
*^»S»=^^;V/ Brifbl's Disease, Dim,
R^gs--^«r' bete?, Consumption.
:..-::.[ ;■ . .7 • Asthma, Paralysis,
Brain, Serve, Cancers, Tumors, Blood, Male and
female . Maladies. All persons afflicted with any
kind of malady whatsover are invited to call.
Office. 727 Washington Street.
Office buars-9 a m. to li * ato 9r. v.: Snn-
day. 10 a.m. tola M- _j_ <
POhleliaater'a Kn«U»b INaai«ad Brmn*.
ENNYROYAL PILLS
-<X"V Original and Only Genmlae. A
j-*tf*v\ SArti .tiny rtlUble. i» di c a *tk iS\
ft^Js^^ nondßran-i In Red »ad Uold atullio^Jßr
TT\ —^Eflboiea. t'*loi with blae ribbon. Take VST
I*"! *^ S&Jno other. R'f*" dangtro-i* tuhttitu- V
I / nf'WTM inri imi'a-.ion,. At Dr»ggi.u, or *n« «a>
1 v« Jf in .in::; ■> (or pu-ticalan, twtimairUli tat
Its* 0 "Relief for tadles," <n l»rt«r, bj retara
A. ■'■• Br MalL l«»,«»O«T««timoDl«H . JTmm /■•).«-.
*-— rOhlohi-«:rr(heail«BlCo..Mad!»o«»Qaarf»
«4 by aU Local Droggliti. , . I'HIL A !> A.. I'A.LAKE COUNTY'S
RIVAL BEAUTIES
Twelve Candidates for
Lakeport's Carnival
Throne.
Guests of Summer Resorts
Take a Hand in the
Contest.
Several Factions Are Striving Earn
estly Each to Outvote the
Others.
LAXEPORT, Cat.., May 29.— Voting for
carnival Queen commenced last Monday,
•witn twelve candidates in the field.
T;ere is considerable rivalry between the
various mi miner resorts, each of which
has a candidate. It is the opinion of
many that the successful candidate will
be a "dark horse," as was the case last
year, when the young Lady who was
elected Queen was not voted for until the
iast day. Then a combination formad at
Highland Spring-, deposited its ballots
and rarriect off the prize.
Miss Evelyn Everett, one of the leadins
candidates, is a Lake County girl and has
LAKE COUNTY BELLES WHO LEAD IN THE RACE FOR LAKEPORT'S CARNIVAL THRONE.
a large following. She is tall, graceful, of
commanding figure and a typ'cal blonde.
L-<keport and Scotts Valley are support
ing her as their candidate.
Mi*s Sarah Collier resides at Highland
Spnncs and has many supporters
tbronrhont the county. She is also a
blonde, hand.-ome and of dignified bear
ing. Her chances are considered excel
lent.
Mrs. Beile Twiggs is the postmistress of
Upper Lake, and is a cnarmin- young
widow immensely popular i:i the northern
part of the county. Her friends will
mcke a hard fight to win the honor for
her.
Mrs. H. R. Warrener, wife of the man
rg=r oi Bartlett Springs, has just come
i :to the lie d and already Has a large vote.
The gue-ts of that resort wi 1 muks a
great effort tn elec* her.
CONSUL-GcNEHAL TO JAPAN.
Said on Good Authority Tat John F.
Bimcf of Olympia, Wash., Will
Surt-iy He Appointed.
TACOMA, Wash., May 29.— 1t has been
rumored here for several days that John
F. Gowej, vice-president of the recently
suspended First National Bank of
Oivmpia, is certain of securing the ap
pointment as Consul-General to Japan, !
and that his name wi i be sent io the Sen- |
ate early next week.
Gowey came from Ohio, where he was j
prominent in the politics of that State,
along with McKinley, Grosvenor and
Hanna. He has been training for the i
place since the election. It is out !
by friends of Mr. Gowey that private in- >
formation has been received fr m a thor
oughly reliable source mat the President
will appoint him.
Much interest is taken here in the mat
ter because City Treasurer William A.
biernberg is also a candidate and an ex
ceptionally long list of indorsements have
been forwarded to Washington in iiis
behalf.
In the wint-r of 1891 Mr. Gowey was
named Consul-General to Japan by Presi
dent Harrison. He went to San Francisco
to transact business and take a steamer.
There matters transpired in his busi
ness affairs which caused him to return
and resign the appointment. State Rep
reseniative Willaru D. Tillotson was then
appointed. Since his return Tillotson uas
removed to California to practice law.
Mr. Gowey has long been prominent in
btate politics, and was insirumental in
having this State's delegation to the St.
Louis convention instructed for McKtuiey.
BIMXICAI* CATTLE TRADE.
J-'ortner £ecords for Heavy Shipment*
Jfrokin Jhit ear.
DEMINU, N. Mex., May 29.— At no pre
vious time has there been such activity in
the Mexican cattle trade as now. In the
first four months of the year 825 cars have
been loaded and shipped from theDeming
yards, containing a total of 33,000 head.
In March 10.000 head were shipped out of
Mexico at this point. For April the Mex
ican cattle shipments from here amounted
: to about 21,000 head.
From the State of Chihuahua the figures
are far greater. The increase' lias r>e«n
tremendous. During April of 1896, 14,904
head of beef cattle were shipped from
Chihuahua to the United Slates, while
the April shipments for this year have
reached as high as 72,644. and this is 27 v OOO
in excess of the shipments for the preced
ing mouth.
Thousands of cattle south of the Mexi
can border line are still on their way to
United States markets. The prospective
duty on imported cattle is largely re-Don
sible lor this condition of affairs. Mexi
can cattle-owners have felt that it was
now or never. ■
Mill Vnlley'B New Lodge.
MILL VALLEY. Cal., May 29. —A lodge
of United Workmen was organized here
latt evening. Frank S. Poland acted as
instituting officer, assisted by Grand Re
ceiver Samuel Booth. Deputy Oreanizer
J. A. Farwell formed the lodge. The fol
lowing officers were chosen: August
Muntz, past master workman; Oscar Col
lister, master workman; John J. Spottis
wood. foreman; John B. Mahar, overseer;
J F.Tobin, recording secretary; Horace
&1. Jaues, aaaacial aecreury ; Jacob Gar
dener. receiver; A. Wenr, guide. The
trustees selected were: A. Muntz, A.
Wehr, O. Coliister.
NEVADA CITY'S SENSATION.
The Mystery Surrounding Mrs. G hr.g's
Tragic Death Still Unsolved— Result
of 'he Coroner's Inques .
NEVADA CITY, Cal., May 29.— After
examining some fifteen witnesses to-nigbt
the Coroner's jury, impaneled to inquire
into the circumstances of the death of
Mrs. George (jehrig, whose bloody corpse
was found hanging at daylight yesterday
in the rear of the National Exchange
Hotel, adjourned tiil next Tuesday even
ing without having come to tne conclusion
whether she killed herself or was assassi
nated.
According to Dr. L. C. Miller, who per
formed an autopsy this afternoon, the
woman was not first murdered and then
strung up to divert suspicion from tne
I criminal. Dr. Mulier says that the
wounds on the head were not serious and
mignt have been received in falling and
striking on a japsed rock or stick. He
further declares that she died of strangu
lation. .
The evidence as given to-night is mostly
but a repetition of the story already given
in The Call, with a few sensational addi
i tions here and there. Both Gebng and
I his old' st son were on the etand to-night
i and told straight tale<«. They said tftat
i tne wife and mother had frequently given
signs during the last few years of losing
tier rea-on, becoming violent and uncon
trollable at times. . . _.
The boy admitted that she drank freely
I of beer, and thought that this habit might
have had a tendency to aggravate her un
fortunate condition at times. All ol last
Wednesday she had stayed in her room at
borne refusing to admit any of the family.
That ni"ht sue had in spite of tneir plead-
ings and commands left home, saying she
was going to a hotel for the night an 1
would next day pay a visit to her sister, a
few miles out of town.
Next day Gehrig sent one of his little
bu\ s around io the hotel* to inquire for
h-r, but the eh Id could find no trace of
he-. She had re -istered by her maiden
! name of Frances Zmler. So the family
! concluded she had gone iuto the country
j and gave up the searcn. The next time
they saw her was when they found her
lifeless body at the City Hall.
William Carr, a n:gut watchman, testi
fied that from his investigations, made
I just alter the finding of the body, he is
j satisfied that Mrs. Gehrig could not have
hanged herself.
Ed Wi.liams, a clerk in the express
| office, said he had looked over the wood
j «hed where the body was found before the
' crowd got there and tramped around ami
j he saw what appeared to be the marks of
I the two feet of a body that had been
j dragged from a point where there was a
j po 1 oi biood toward the spot where the
body was hangine.
Sheriff Getcheil said that he had visited
the home of the Gehrigs on Sacramento
I street, searched the premises thoroughly
and questioned Gehrig closely. He found
that the latter had gone to bed at 6 o'clock
the night of the killing and stayed there
till 6 o'clock the next morning. He was
satisfied that it a murder had been com
mitted the huband had no hand in it.
One witness c aimed that about 11
I o'clock Thursday night he saw a man and
i woman passing along Pine street toward
' the woodsbea, bui he did not watch to see
i whether they entered it. He was not
! abl* to give any de-enption of the couple.
The interest of the peonle here in toe
ca«>e continues to increase hourly.
F-jr three hours to-night hundreds of
! people fought and struggled to get into
> the stuffy little room where the inquest
was in progress. At 11 o clock one of the
local evening papers got out an extra,
giving a detailed account of the testi
mony, and at midnight the streets are
thronged with people discussing the inys
| tery, which deepens with each new de
velopment.
REUNITED IN PORTLAND.
Husband Reconciled to the Wife Who
Had Lett H s Siskiyou County
Home,
PORTLAND, Ore., May 29.— This morn
ing's train from the sout i brought to
Portland A. Brady, a hotel-keeper of Scotts
Bar, Eiskiyou County, Cal. Mrs. Orpha
Brady was intercepted by Detective Welsh
yesterday morning on an unknown charge
and detained upon the supposition that an
officer from Siskiyou County would come
to-day and explain the situation. To the
surprise of the heads of the police depart
ment, Brady was not accompanied by an
officer of the county in which he lives, but
by Hon. E. H. Autenrieth, a lawyer of
Northern California. The latter gentle
man was not disposed to say much with
reference to his mission, beyond that
Brady desired the custody of the eldest
two children now with their mother, *tnd
that he was willing she should retain the
younger.
The fact is that Mrs. Brady, her children
and the woman's companion, "Bob" Me-
Caully, were held here without any pro
cess of law.
Mrs. Brady denies all charges of Infidel
ity, and says that her Husband drove her
from home last Sunday, giving her only
$100 wherewith to provide for herself and
children.
It was Brady's lawyer's intention to
wrest two of the children from the mother
by a writ of habeas corpus if moral sua
sion failed, but upon Brady's arrival this
morninjr he was absolutely prostrated. A
meeting of husband and wife was arranged
for this afternoon and it was a heart-rend
ing one. Both wept, and in a few mo
ments they embraced each other. The
services of the lawyer were diicontinued,
and the reunited couple with their chil
dren left for home to-night.
Sonoma Winery Burned,
SONOMA, Cal., May 29.— A fire broke
out this morning between 3 and 4 o'clock
in the winery of J. Chilini, a fruit dealer
of San Francisco. Owing to the lack of
water the wine-cellar and a windmill
which stood by were destroyed. The loss
is $1500, with lieht insurance. Tne blaze
is supposed to have been started by
tramps.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 30, 1897.
WOLFE TONE TO
BE HONORED
Celtic Union to Celebrate
the Patriot's Birth
day.
He Was the Father of the Irish
Revolutionary Movement
oi 1798
Irishmen All the World Over Will
Do Honor to One of Their
N bust Heroes.
The one hundred and thirty-fourth an
niversary of the birthday of Theobald
Wolfe Tone, the father of the Irish revo
lutionary movement of 1798, which will
occur on June 20, will be celebrated in a
patriotic way in Ireland and wherever
else Irishmen have made their home.
Wolfe Tone is one of the most interest
ing characters in Irish history. The story
of his life as told by himself is a narrative
full of adventure. He must have pos
sessed the gayety of manners that usually
belongs to the gallant soldier. In many
ways he reminds the reader of one of
Dumas' heroes. The story of his life was
written for his wife, but it was given to
the worll by hts son as an invaluable con
tribution to the history of Ireland. Tone
was practically the founder of the Irish
separatist movement. He did not believe
in mere legislative independence. To
build up a free Irish Btate was the object
of Ms life.
He sougnt colleagues and comrade? in
Belfast, the capital of Ulster, then the
hotbed of treason, and he found them. A
Protestant himself, be brought Catholic
and Protestant together and impressed
upon all who came under the sphere of
his influence the necessity of united ac
tion again t the common enemy. There
was to be but one creed — Irish nationality
—and one class— rebels against the British
rule.
The Society of United Irishmen was
founded in Belfast and soon made recruits
in I.ein.-ter, M under and Connaught.
Among the most interesting pans of his
story are his recitals as to the state of
Ulster toward the end of the eighteenth
century. The Prote-tants were ripe for
rebellion, and we can understand, there
fore, why the Protestant Irish in the
colonies as well as tne Catholic Irish gave
Washington such a cordial support. Tone
kept on the high road to rebellion all the
time and he strengthened the waverers.
He was obliged at length to leave Ireland
and he sought the t'nited States, and the
voyage across was full of adventure, in
that the vessel had to run the gauntlet of
English cruisers.
In the Unitea States he planned anew,
and finally sailed for France to persuade
the Directory to dispatch a fleet and army
to Ireland to help the, United Irishmen in
overthrowing the Government of Eng
land.
His success with the Directory won the
admiration or Wellington.
"Wolfe Tone," says the Duke, "was a
most extraordinary man, and his history
is the most curious history of those times
With 100 guineas in his pocket, unknown
and uniecommended, he went to Paris in
order to overthrow the British Govern
ment in Ireland. He asked (or a large
force, Lord Edward Fitzgerald for a small
one. They listened to Tone, and the
Bantry Bay expedition was the result."
Tone returned with the Bantry Bay ex-
Dediiion. But the elements fought for
England and the French fleet was scat
tered by the winds.
Tone did not despair. He persuaded
the Directory to send another and yet an
other expedition. Both failed. A fourth
and last sailed from Brest in September,
1798. It consisted of a fleet of one sail of the
line— the Hoche, seventy-four guns— eight
frigates and one schooner, under command
of Admiral Bumpard, and an army of
30' JO men under General Hardy. Tone
was on board the admiral's «hip, the
Hoche. On October 10 Bompard arrived
off the entrance of Loujjn Swilly and was
signaled from the shore. At daybreak
next morning a British squadron, consist
ing of six sail of the line, one razee (sixty
gun*) and two frigates, under command
of Sir John Warren, hove in »i.»ht.
Bompard signaled the Frencn frigates
and the schooner to retreat and e'eared
the deck for action. A boat from one of
the French vessels came alongside the
Hoche for port orders. The French offi
cers gathered around Tone and urged him
to escape.
"Tne combat is hopeless," they said,
"we shall be i>ri<-oners of war, but what
wiil become of you?"
He answered: "Shall it be said that I
fled when the French were fighting the
batiles of my country? No, I snail stand
by my ship."
The Britiih bore do wn on the Hoche,
surrounding the French sbir>, but Bom
psrd Difi ' d his colors to the mast and for
six houro .-i"od the combined fire of the
English shij.-.
Her mssts were dismantled, her riggine
was swept away, the scuppers flowed with
blood, the wounded filled the cockpit. At
length, with yawning ribs, with rive feet
of water in the bold, her rudder carried
away, her sails and cordage hanging in
•hreds, her batteries dismounted and ev
ery gun silenced, she struck. Tone com
manded a battery and fought like a lion.
The Hoche was towed into lvough Swilly
and the prisoners Uuded and marched to
Letterkenny. Tone was taken to Dublin
loaded with irons. The end soon came.
He was tried by court-martial and sen
tenced to be banged, He anKea to be shot
and was refused. A few days later Tone
was found dying in his cell,' and although
the jailers renoried it »s a case of suicide,
it has always been beiievea that he was
murdered.
In this City the celebration of Wolfe
Tone's birthday will be under the aus
pices of the Celtic Union. It has been
determined to hold this as an Irish na
tional holiday each year. It is felt that j
this rmie patriot and gallant soldier I
deserves this honor from his countrymen !
ior his brave services and for inaugurat- j
ing a movement that since '98 ha 3 given I
inspiration to Irishmen to continue on in
the struggle for freedom.
The Celtic Union embraces the different
Irish societies oi this City, and for a year
pa^t it has been agitating for an Irish hall
here, and the prospects are very promis
ing for the success of that movement.
The present celebration in fact has that I
object in view. As the ann versary faWs
on Sunday the celebration will be held
Monday evening, June 21, and at Metro
politan Temple. A very tine programme
is being prepared and the exercises will be
interesting. Hon. James D. Phelan will
preside, md the oration will be delivered
by Hon. J. J. Dwyer. The leading Irish
men of the City are taking steps to make |
the affair very successful, and it is ex- i
pected Metropolitan Temple will be packed
that evening.
F«»tcur J>(e« at fit. Hrlona.
ST. HELENA, Cal , May 29.— H. St.
Pasteur, a wealthy wine-dealer of New
Orleans, who was seriously injured on the
19th inst., as the result of jumping from a
buggy while the team attached to it was
running away, died yesterday at the resi
dence of his friend, J. Chaix. The re
mains will be shipped to New Orleans for
interment.
\ ,iriut>rtiio Ranch Bold:
SAN LUIS OBISPO, Cal., May 29.— J.
K. Prior of San Francisco to-day pur
chased the Nacimiento ranch, consisting
of 6000 acres, for $112,000. It was a forced
sale, as Prior had obtained a judgment
against Robert Flint for $113,000, a few
months ago. Tbe Nacimiento is one of
the finest properties in this county and
is a portion of the once famous Flint
estate". It is said that young Flint will
endeavor to redeem the property within
a year by findtng a purchaser, whereby
he may be able to save a few dollars out
of his once princely estate.
San Jnsr HavDkeyta at a I'icnie-
SAN JOSE, Cal., May 29.— The Santa
Clara County Hawkeye Club and friend*
picnicked at Alum Rock Park to-day.
Ti ere was a large attendance of ex-lowans
from all parts of the county, and they
greatly enjoyed themselves. Literary and
musical ixercises were presented. The
address of the day was delivered by Dr.
A. C. Simonton. Other spoasers were:
S. F. Cooper of Campbell, Dr. Lemon of
Los Gate*, William Allender and General
J. 8. Gage of San Jose. After luncheon
was disposed of there was a general re
union of residents of the Hawkeye State,
followed by dancing.
Transfer of Tteo Kaitioayt.
NOGALES, Ariz., May 29.— Manager J. |
A. Nangle and Auditor H. A. Culloden of :
tue Sonora and New Mexican and Arizona j
railways have received ofliciai telegraphic j
information that on the Ist of June the
formal transfer of the line between Ben- ;
son and Guavmas will be made to the [
Southern Pacific, and they wpre instructed j
to take inventories and facilitate the wort j
as far as possible. In the work the Banta |
Fe Company will be represented by H. C. I
Short, general traveling auditor, who is
eoniine from Topeka for that purpose.
Aspirants for fame from literary l.ibor
•will be interested by tbo recent statement
of a prominent ymbii-her that out of 315
manuscripts submitted during tbe past
year hi 3 firm accepted but twenty-two.
Another publisher stated his ratio of ac
ceptances about four in every 100 manu
scripts received.
WHY YOUR
BRAIN WHIRLS.
YOU MUST BE CAUTIOUS.
Hundreds of People Are Hovering
Over the Brink of a Severe Sick
Spell and Don't Realize It— The
Whirling of the Brain a Ciood In-
dication.
THE PROFESSIONAL MAN, THE BUST-
ness man. tn c tradesman, the laoorer. the
housewife, all compia n how worn out and tired
they feel. Because the blood Is sluggish; it needs
cleansing; it needs renewal.
What the doctors says whe:i your brain whirls:
Nature Makes Gxtrra KfForts.
The Stomach I* More Active.
The I,lver "Works Harder.
The Kidney* M»re Active.
Nature stimulates thuse organs to make extra
efforts in performing their fuictioni to replace the
excessive strain on the system.
Nature Rebels.
Nature Is Worn Out.
Nxture Has Done Double Work.
Nature Has Over-ntiruulated
These organs, and thes» organs devoid of nature's
stimulant refuse to perform ihe functions prop-
erly. Of course your hraln whirls.
When the brain whirls you may be just on the
brink, or you may have fallen over the precipice
of nervous prostration.
THhN-
Your brain is not supplied with rich blood,
I'iike Joy's Vegctab.*- Sirsaparilla.
Your brain is robbed or i:s nourishment,
T»k« Joy'i Vegetable Sarsaparilla.
You r brain is Inactive,
Take Joy's Vegetable Sarsaparilla.
Your food is undigested.
Tak* Joy's Vegetable Sarsaparilla.
Your liver is torpid.
Take Joy's Vegetable Sarsaparilla.
Your stomach is foul,
J V. k>. Will Make Yon Well.
Your kidneys are sluggish,
J V. S. Stimulates
Your bowels are constipated,
J V. S. Acts on the Bowels.
Your nerves are weakened,
J. V. S. Maket Good Blood.
iiouU Blood, Good Servo.
NEW TO-DAY- CLOTHING.
SMASHED GOODS
6 — r. A T" 1 ■ ?> — *
The Result of a Frightful Smash-Up.
This accident occurred between two heavily laden freight
trains between Rochester and New York that tried to pass each
other on the same track. The result— a terrible collision.
Thirty thousand dollars' worth of
CLOTHING,
HATS AND FURNISHING GOODS
Mangled, tattered and torn lay piled up in a heap. The mer-
chants for whom these goods were intended would not accept
them.
Our Eastern Buyer lade a Spot Cash Offer for These,
Which Was Accepted.
50 CENTS ON THE DOLLAR.
IT WAS A SNAP FOR US AND IT IS A SNAP FOR YOU.
These goods comprise the best grade of Men's, Boys' and
Children's Clothing, Hats and Furnishing Goods, and will be
sold at the actual purchasing price — 50 cents on the dollar.
i. . ■
DON'T DELAY! COME QUICKLY! THESE GOODS ARE LIMITED!
f*?jgg— It means money in your pocket. * s= !Kii!l
WP&& Everything goes at half price. ' T:i^'!li
A FEW OF BUB PRICES ;
$7.50 59.00 512.00 515.00 520.00
Men's Cheviot Suits Men's Cheviot and Men's All-wool Scotch Men's Fine Clay Wor- \ Men's . Extra Fine
at Tweed Suits at , I Tweed Suits at sted Dress Suits in Quality Clay Worsted
sacks or frocks at and Serge Dress Suits
j in blue and black sacks
or frocks at ,
53.65. $4.45. $5.95. $7.45. $9,65.
$4.00 56.00 $8.00 59.00 512.50
Youths' Cassimere Youths' Cheviot Suits, Youths' All-wool Youths' All-wool J Youths' Clay Worsted
Suits, ages 12 to 19 ages 12 to 19 years, Tweed Suits, ages 12 Single and Double j Dress Suits, blue and .
years, to 19 years, ■ Breasted Scotch Tweed | black, single and dou-
. and Cassimere Suits at ble breasted, at : ~:{:
$1.95. $2.65. $3.95. $4.35. $6,15,
53.00 53.50 54.00 55.00 25c
Boys' Reefer Suits, all | Boys' All-wool Reefer Boys' Extra Fine All- Boys' All-wool Reefers Ladies Summer Scarfs, ,
J ages, , Suits, all ages, wool Reefer Suits, all in all shades of Scotch icjo dozen, while they
ages, at v :--" tweeds at . ' last at •
$1.35. $1,65. $1.95. 52.45. sc.
$2.50 53.00 54.00 512.00 515.00
Men's Cassimere Pants Men's All-wool Cassi- Men's All-wool Wor- Men's Blue and Black ! Men's Fine Covert ,
mere Pants, sted Pants, • Beaver Overcoats, Cloih, Beaver Top
. ,} ' ' Coats,
$1.25. $1.45. $1.85. $5.95. $6.95.
52.00 sOc sOc 75c SI.OO
Men's Latest Style Men's and Boys' Golf Men's Balbriggan Un- Men's All-wool Vicuna Men's Latest Style
Fedora Hats, ■- Caps, derwear, . • Underwear, . Stanley. Shirts,
85c. 15c. 20c. 55c. 45c.
51.50 75c $1.25 75c j sOc
Men's Latest Style Men's Cotton Sweaters Men's All-wool Sweat- ! Boys' All-wool Knee I Boys' Percale Blouses,
Golf Shirts, ;. ers, Pants, . •
75c. 35c. 60c. 30c. j 25c.
A These goods and prices are bona fide and are displayed in
our 10 show windows, and will positively be sold as advertised.
THE BALDWIN CLOTHIERS,
: 924-930 MARKET STREET (BALDWIN ANNEX).
MAIL ORDERS STILL RECEIVE PROMPT AND CAREFUL ATTENTION.
56
ARE DEFECTIVE
EYES PREVALENT?
A Large Percentage of
Students Seem to Ec
Afflicted.
Oculists Claim, However, That
the Examinations Are Im
properly Made.
»
S«y It Is Impossible lo Make Proper
Tests Without the Use of
Drugs-
After a few weeks of examination on the
pait of two physicians, over 1500 pupils of
the public school?, it is ?aid, have been
found to be afflicted with various affec
tions of the eyes.
'The excessive strain imposed upon the
immature nervous system," said Dr. F.
Cornwall last evening, "and through this
upon the eyes, caused by the great num
ber of months of study iv the year, to
gether with the forcing that conies
through the competitive system in our
public schools, induces such a prevalence
of eye failure, with other nervous com
plaints, as to awaken public interest.
"Naturally the medical man is consulted
and particularly the oculist, and he being
the only one with any knowledge of the
subject, all is left to him. This is as it
should b«, but there are elements which
enter into the proposition and which bring
forth problems the solution of which is
desirable.
"A question arises which should be
passed upon, viz. : When an oculist is
selected in the ordinary way, what assur
ance have the public of his capacity or
honesty? Human selfishness is apt to ex
emplify itself in this as in all human af
fairs, and when there is a monopoly, with
no one possessed with knowledge with
which to criticize, as in this case, things
may not proceed as they should.
"An establishei oculist, has neither
time nor inclination to perform this
gratuitous work. A new and presumably
inexperienced man who might wisii to
bring himself before the public agitates
the matter through a political friend and,
influence being brought to bear in the
right direction, he gets the place. Se
lected in this way the oculist may be
either honest, dishonest, capable or in
capable. He has a great amount of work
to do, for which he is to receive no salary
or compensation other than being
brought within the scope of public view.
He may have, however, a percentage with
the sppctacle-man who supplies the chil
dren with their glasses, and in tins way
make $40 or $50 a day.
"To an ordinary observer this may seem
all right, even tne percentage part, but
when a full understanding is had it may
seem to be all wrong and of rio use what
ever.
"I wish to impart this knowledge so that
the non-rrofessional reader may under
stand. The basis of my statements are
ray own case books ancl that of other?.
Furthermore all unbiased oculists will, in
my opinion, coincide.
"What is called the accommodative
function of the eye is composed of its lens
and a muscle which surrounds it, called
the ciliary muscle. By the action of this
muscle trie lens can be changed in its
curvature. This adapts the eye for the
observation ot objects at different dis
tances, and the decline of which is shown
by the fact that we require the assistance
of glasses as we grow older.
"In normal eyes this muscle acts on all
the meridians of the Jens alike, but if a me
chanical defect of any kind ex:st this mus
cle may curve the lens in one meridian
more than another. A lens whose curva
ture is perfectly spherical may be ren
dered unequal (spherico cylindrical), or
the reverse may bs the case. Eyes, like
all individual things in creation, are sel
dom perfect, and only exist in ideals.
This ideal eye is one that focuses light
rays, emanating from distant objects, on
its retina.
"Sometimes the imperfection consists in
foresight (hyperopia), a condition in
which the eyebalf is too short from front
to back for the focal lenctn. of its cornea
and lens. Another defect is ftearsight
<m\opia), a condition in which the eyeball
is too long from front to back for the focus
of the lens and cornea. The focus falls in
front of the part of the pye which per
ceives the light (the retina). A third de
fect is a condition in which the lens or
cornea or both are unequal in the curva
ture of their meridians, which is called
astigmatism.
"It would be impossible to construct
an artificial eye with which to illustrate
the physiological adaptation of the
natural eye or tojßhow how muscular parts
of the inside of the eye control the curva
ture of tne lens, which changes its focal
distance and thus adapts the eye for sight
at the near as well as for the far point.
The far-sighted young overcome their de
fects (keep the focus of paialiei rays upon
the retina) by bringing into action the
functions used in the correct eye, for
seeing at the near point. Thus the lens is
kept continually, with an extra curve suf
ficient to overcome the defect. This is ac
companied by muscular contraction, and,
of necessity, beine constant, uses up nerve
force to maintain it. This becomes a real
spasm ot the muscle, which does not re
lax in many cases, perhaps even in sleep.
Thus reflex disturbance of the whole ner
vous system may ensue, which brines on
continual headache, chores, epilepsy, etc.
This spasm of the muscie of accommoda
tion often becomes- so great that not only
the farsight is corrected, but the eye will
actually become nearsighted.
"When an attempt ia made to measure
farsight with. lenses they will be rejected,
as at best only a part of it will be revealed.
The nearsighted young frequently accept
glasses three times as strong as the real
refraction of the eye. This is done by
spasm. The same may be said of astig
matism.
"Attempts to correct the mechanical
defect and to get a more perfect outline of
observed objects put the nerves controlling
these functions into an irritable state and
when lenses are placed before the eye for
tnese tests almost any result may be ex
pected so far as a proper diagnosis is con
cerned.
"Many persons with nearsieht, farsight
or astigmatism, or a combination oi'the«e,
may be examined every day in the week
and give a different result at each trial.
Taen of what use is an examination of
this kind, conducted as it usually is in
our public schools? It merely establishes
the probability of a defect in the pupil's
eye and approximates its kind. The
uncertainty lies in this, ihat a farsighted
eye may measure near.-if;hted aud an as
tigmatic eye may overcome the defect and
not be shown durins examination, or there
may appear to be astigmatism when the
eye is in good condition.
"The only reliable method cf making a
diagnosis of an error of refrac';on is to
instill into the eye a drug that will tempo
rarily paralyze the muscle of «c:ommoda
tion. This does no harm, but rests the
eye and prevents the muscles from accom
modating the eyes to any glass but the
right one. An optician may by repeated
fitting approximate correctness, but tnis
is done over a period uf months or years,
their only guide being that which gives
the most relief. Those who examined the
school children have but the one test, and
that js conducted in from three to five
minutes.
"Modern optbalmology has taught us
that affections arising from inharmonious
action of the muscles that move the eye
bail are almost as frequent as those that
came from the error of refraction. Some
times the place of rest of an eye is not
with its fellow, viz.: their visual axes
are kept on a common point of fixation
with difficulty. The eyes may have a
tendency to divergence or convergence, or
one may have a tendency above its fellow.
"The distress from the iorce required to
keep the two eyes directed townrd the
same object is often severe. A great deal
of care and a number of examinations are
r< quired to properly diagnose and treat
these ocular defects.
"It is possibly unnecessary to speak of
the reflex disturbancss of the system that
may and so often do arise from these
ocular deiects, as almost all are in some
way larailiur with them.
"Each advance in civilization imposes
new burdens on our eyes and perhaps
more than any other element character
izing our changing condition?, the City
schools are most to blame for eye failure
and the functional distresses that go with
them. It behooves those who occupy
places of trust in this line to inform them
selves carefully that they may be able to
avoid comuiittinc error as well as to at
tempt to do cood. It lias always been mv
belief that the diagnosis of these mechani
cal ocular defects requires greater care,
especially amo;ic school children, than the
general public is aware of."
Ancient Order United Workmen,
Last Friday evening Deputy Grand Master
Workman Poland ana Grand Receiver Samuel
Booth institute:! a lodge of the order at Mill
Valley. This lodge is the result of the efforts
of Special Deputy ,T. B. Farwell. It starts out
with a good membership and fair prospects of
increase.
Elections are being held in the various lodge*,
anii hi some cases quite spirited contest* »re
reported. A very interesting meeting of Unity
Lodge was held last Tuesday evening, when an
unusually large attendance was present; in
terest being centered in the election of the
overseer and recorder. On Thursday evening
Burns Ledge No. GB, had ninety members in
attendance, the attraction being a race for the
ofliee of recorder.
Last Saturday evening a lodge was instituted
at Raymond. Special Deputy H. I. Brewer is
doing good work in this section.
Deputy Grand Master Workman Poland and
Grand Receiver Booth visited Vacaville Lodge
No. 4.3 on Thursday evening, wr.en the degrees,
with the aid of the stercopt'con, were con
ferred upon a class of eight candidates. There
was nn unusually largo attendance, and after
the busiuess of the lodge was finished the
doors were thrown open and the public was
invited, and addresses were made by visiting
oflu-ers.
George B. Katzenstein, past grand master
workmen, by reason of sickness in hi« family,
will be unable to attend the session of the Su
preme Lodge at Milwaukee and has resigned.
The erand master workman has appointed
Past Grand Master Workman James Booth to
till the vacancy.
The first number of the new official organ
will mate Us appearance on June 1. A num
ber of special articles have been prepared by
the grand recorder and medical examiner and
others, and the paper promises to be an inter
esting one.
To-morrov evening Mrs. M. J. Stewart, supe
rior lady of honor, and Mrs. Ka'.e M. Poland,
grand recorder of California of the Dagree of
Honor, will leave for Milwaukee to attend the
session of the Superior Lodge of the Decree of
Honor, which commences on June 5. The
other, representatives lrom California are W.
I H. Barnes and D. S-. Hirsbberg.
Peputy Grand Master Workman Frank 8.
Poland and Grand Receiver Booth visited
Wheattand Lodge No. 54 last evenine, when
the degrees were conferred on six candidates.
On Thursday evening, June 17, Triumph
Lodge Xo. 186 will give an entertainment
and ball at Union-square Hall.
While visi tin?: Evans ville, Ind., Grand Master
Workman Vintcr addressed a large assemblage
of Workmen under the auspices of cmc of the
local lodges.
IV ne r.'rith.
The grand officers paid a visit to the lodge
in Oakland last Tuesday and were well re
ceived.
Quite a number of names have been obtained
to the petitions for the organization of the
Daughters of Judah as an auxiliary to the
local lodges.
The Rev. Mr. Voorsanger will visit the
lodges in Portland, Or., and the one in Seattle
to rill the engagements of President Stein of
Stockton, who at this time cannot fill them on
account of a press of business. He will start
between the Bth and the lOthof June.
Court Sutro Heights.
Court Sutro Heights No. 130, F. O. A., held
its regular meeting in Liberty Hall, Alcazar
building, on last Thursday evening. After the
business meeting (wnrch is always character
istic as being harmonious, although, spirited)
wa» over the following excellent programme
arranged by the committee was presented:
George Little, the well-known minstrel, led
off with a comic song; Sam Ychl gave a piano
solo; John Richardson, the musical king, tam
pered with his banjo for a few minutes; Char
lie Gans sang a song; the Boukofsky Brothers
played their guitar and mandolin; E. S. Hard
ing told funny stories, as also did George Lit
tle and Dr. Blake.
During the evening the following grand
officers spoke on the progress and welfare of
the order: G.C. R., J. S. W. Sounders; G. S. C.
R.J.Samuels; G. T., S. A. White; G. A., Sol
Peiser, and D. G. C. R., S. L. Waller.
The court will give a public installation fol
lowed by an entertainment nnd dance on
Thursday evening, July 8, at Social' Hall, Alca
zar building. Court Sutro Heights is fast pro
gressing toward the 150 mark and last meet
ing tnere were nine applications for member
ship on the secretary's desk.
Knights and Ladies of Honor.
The June issue of the Sentinel, the official
organ of the Supreme Lodge, pays an eloquent
tribute to C. H. Bremer, the lately deceased
grand secretary of the Foresters ot America.
The discussion of the advisablity of estab
lishing a reserve fund is becoming quite gen
eral, and it is quito probable that tne question
will command the serious attention of the
next session of the Supreme Lodge, which
convenes at Detroit in Sentember.
Supreme Protector L. B. Lockard Is one of
the most popular and active of all chief execu
tives or fraternal orders. During the past
four months he has visited nearly every
grand jurisdiction except California, and his
receptions have been of a most royal nature.
Mr. Lockard is now serving his third term —
lixtb year — and the desire is unanimous that
he serve the Knights and Ladies of Honor
still another term.
Official circular No. 9 has been received
from Supreme Protector Lockard calling for a
general celebration of the twentieth anniver
sary of the order in September next.
There is one assessment, amounting to $75,
--000, culled for June. The total amount paid
on approved claims to May 15 was $12,367.
--760 92.
The tenth biennial session of the New York
Grand Lodge, held at Port Jervis on May 11,
12 and 13, was tne most interesting in the
history of the ordtr in the Empire State. Su
preme Protector L. B. Lockard, Supreme Vice-
Protector H. Freudenthal and Supreme Medi
cal Examiner Withcrill were unions the dis
tinguished visitors. Six hours were consumed
in electing new officers, the chief contest
being for grand secretary, to fill the vacancy
created by the death of A. Hoezle, who had
held the office for over fifteen years. There
are 18,000 members in New York.
The latest official report gives a total mem
bership of 76.085.
JHonaolt Attach a JUnrin Officer.
SAN RAFAEL, Cau, May 29.—Con
stabie William Treanor had an exciting
experience at Point San Pedro to-day
while arresting a Chinaman for selling
liquor without a license. Treanor went
to the point and asked for a couple of
bottles of beer at the place of Ah Tai.
The beer was paid for and the constable
went bahind the counter and placed the
handcuffs on the Chinamen. When he at
tempted to take his prisoner along a
hundred Chinamen who are engaged in
shrimp fishing at the point rushed for
ward to rescue their countryman.
Trainor forced his way through the mob
at the point of his pistol and brought the
prisoner to San Rafael in safety.
" Ofd Jioay" .* ay Jflead for Son Pedro.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., May 29.-Tbere
is a movement on foot to send General W.
S. Rosecrans to Washington to plead the
cause of San Pedro harbor before Presi
dent McKinley. "Old Rosy" is an en
thusiastic friend of San Pedro, and re
cently wrote to tbe President a letter urg
ing him to hasten action on the harbor
matter. The standing of the old general
wouid, it is believed, insure for him most
respectlul consideration at Washington;
but on account of his advanced age and
feeble health he may not consent to go on
the mission. The matter will be finally
decided iv a few days.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 30, 1897.
TO PUGET SOUND
NOW FOR $5
And Only $2 50 Is Required
to Reach the Oregon
Metropolis.
The Southern Pac fie Rests Satis
fied With Its $10 and
$5 Kates.
How the Pacific Coast Steamers Were
Forced to Fight— The Last Cut of
the 0- R and N. Company.
The Oregon Railway and Navigation
Company yesterday made another cut in
ths steamer fare between this City and
Portland, reducing it from $6 cabin and
$3 second class to $5 and $2 50 respectively.
The Southern Pacific made no move to
meet the cut. In fact, its officials claimed
that they were satisfied with the relative
difference in schedule rates and would
rest on their arms. Tho Southern Pacific
rate is $10 and $5.
The railroad may change its mind early
this week and do some further cutting,
but nobody can teli. It's a good deal the
way the whim strikes. If the steamer
proposition blossoms out big and lots of
people go by the boats and seem to fight
shy of the cars the road will have it in for
the boats some more and do some cutting.
Otherwise, otherwise.
The rates by both lines are as low now
as they have ever been. In fact they are
unprecedented, and there is nothing to
compare tuem with except the lone fight
that raged two years ago from November
to July 21. People by the steamers got
board and those by the cars got free
berths. It will be curious if a whole lot of
people do not go traveling. But the tide
has not started much yet, so the trans
portation people say. They agree, how
ever, that there h^ not been time enough
for the full force oi the fight to be felt by
the people. The steamer Columbia ar
rived last night from Portland with 110
passengers. She will sail again on
Wednesday.
"It's ail right as it is now," was the
statement from the Southern Pacific
office alluding to the latest cut of the
steamship company. "We can stand that ;
will just rest where we are. That differ
ence is all rignt, and we can probably
stand it as long as the other company
can. : '
The fijht took on a three-cornered
asp-ct early in t!ie day, for the Pacific
Coast SieamshiD Company was drawn
into it. To protect itself in the Puget
Sound business it had to drop its $15
first-class ra'e down to $10 and its $7 50
second down to $5.
"We had to do this," was the story
given by the Pacific Coast Company, "or
tel the other companies get the business.
Ihe local rate, for instance, from Port
land to Tacoma is |6 25. Add this to the
rate from here to Port. and by the Oregon
Railway and Navigation Company and
you see where we get off. We couldn't
tand it. Our $10 and $5 rates now apply
o Victoria, Port Townstnd, New Whai
com, Everett, Seattle, Tacoma, Olympia,
and, you may say, every oi her place on
the sound."
KEEPERS Of LIGHIHOUSES.
Regulations of the Monotonous 1 ivpt
They Are Compelled to Lead.
A lighthouse-keeper is appointed by the
Secretary of the Treasury on the recom
mendation of the Lighthouse Board, ana
at first receives only an acting appoint
ment. At the end of three months, if he
passes an examination by the Naval Offi
cer who is the inspector of the district, he
receives a full appointment; if he does
not pass he is dropped from the service.
A keeper must be able to read ami write,
keep accounts, bail and pull a boat, and
have enough mechanical ability to make
ihe necessary minor repairs about the
station and keep it in order.
There is only one grade of keeper rec
ognized by law, but the custom of the
service has divided the keepers into dif
ferent grades, with different pay and
duties, and with promotion from one
grade to another. A man may be ap
pointed to the service and assigned to a
part.cular station, but he may be moved
at any time if promoted, or if the inter
ests of the service demand it. At stations
requiring but one keeper, a retired aea
faring man, witti a family, is usualiy
selected, and, in general, men of the sea
faring class are most wanted. At stations
where there is a fog signal, one of the
assistants is a man who has an engineer's
license and is something of a machinist.
Keepers are paid on an average about
$800 a year, but the individual sums paid
vary from $100 to $1000 a year, according
to the importance of the station and the
amount of service rendered The princi
pal keeper at Minots Ledge Light, just
outside of Boston, receives $1000 a year for
his services, and this furnishes the only
instance where the pay of a keeper is
specified by law.
The keepers who live at isolated light
houses and on the off-shore lightships lead
a very monotonous life, broken oniy by
the siL'ht of passing vessels and the quar
terly visit of the lighthouse supply boat.
These keepers get considerable leave, !
about two weeks in three months, during
which they visit their families on full pay.
A lighthouse on an outlying reef, for
instance, is on the same status as a light
ship, except that it cannot be blown away
and the keepers cannot leave it except
when they are relieved, as a storm might
come op and prevent their return.
Much is dune by the lighthouse board
to lurther the comfort of all its employes,
but most Ss done for those who endure
the solitary lire at the isolated lights and on
the lightship*. Libraries are furnished the
keepers and their lamilies; each contains
about forty volumes of works of history,
science and poetry, with a fair supply of
good novels. Tin* complete library is left
at a station for three months, and is then
transferred to another station by an in
spector on his quarterly visit. There are
nearly 1000 of these libraries in circulation,
each in its little portable case, and, by
tbeir judicious interchange, the keepers of
statioi.s where they are furnished, see
about 200 volumes a year.
Keepers are forbidden to engage in any
business which will prevent their presence
at their stations or interfere with the pro
per performance of their duties. Many
have useful and; orotitabl* occupations
which they carry on at the stations, while
some fill pulpits, aie Justices of the Peace
or teach school. All keepers are furnished
with quarters for themselves, and in some
cases for their families. In some cases
they are furnished with food and rations.
Other stations have barns furnished for
caitle and horses, and boats are furnished
all stations inaccessible by land.
The discipline of the service has been
always rigid, as befitting a service where
negiignnce or inefficiency may mean the
loss of many lives and much valuable
property.
Dismissal instantly follows in two
cases— where a Keeper is found intoxicated
and where he allows his light to co out.
Keepers are trained to consider the care
of the light and the lightnouse property
above any and all personal considera
tions, and it is rare, indeed, when they
fail to reahze this high ideal. There haye
been a number of instances illustrating
the esprit de corps of the service ; how tne
keepers of the Minots Ledge, first built,
went down with the light and died at
their pests; how one keeper saved his lens
and let his family look out for themselves,
and instances where they have saved pub
lic property and lost their own.
fortunately the service is not ham
pered by any question of politics, and this
fact, coupled with the excellent discipline
maintained, accounts for the tine class of
men now in the service — men who take an
honest pride in their work, and whose in
terest makes the efficiency of the service
what it is. It is unfortunate that the
navy has no retiring laws for its seamen,
which would allow men after twenty,
twenty-five or thirty years' service, de
pending on the physical condition of the
man, to be retired and placed in the light
house service for the rest of their lives.
A valuable class of men would thus be
added, and the Nation would be paying a
debt which now goes unpaid.—Philadel
phia Ledger.
IN FEONT Of A LOCOMOTIVE.
An Experience That Beats Football for
Making v Man Hungry.
The young engineer who has just been
graduated from college is likely to remem
ber the incidents of his first ride on a real
steam engine longer than some of the les
sons he took four years to learn at the
university.
"I went up to New York the other day
on my first engine test," said a young M.
E. of Philadelphia, who is in the employ
of a locomotive works. "It was a novel
and interesting experience, and one lvery
much enjoyed. But then a fellow could
enjoy almost any old thing after working
four months in the grime and dirt and
grease of the shop at the munificent
rale of 8 cents an hour. 1 suppose
I ought to consider myself lucky
to have secured any sort of work
when times were as hard as they were this
summer. Probably half the mun that
were graduated with me last spring would
be glad to have my chance, but still it
rather goes against the grain. At the
laic of 6 cents an hour we make only 64
cents a clay, $3 84 a week, wuen we work
eight hours a day for six days in the week.
But otten we don't get that chance. Be
iore election nut many engines were being
built, and sometimes 1 didn't work more
than twenty-live hours a week. Then I
earned the magnificent sum of $2 in seven
days.
"I'he engine we tested was made last
soring for the Jersey Central .Railroad to
haul tLe Royal Blue express from liew
York to Washington. The engineer of
tests and 1 rode from Phiiadeipma in an
eugine-cab to Jersey Cily, where the
engine we were to test — No. 456 — was
waiting for us in the roundhouse. It
was a beauty, a great shining iron
beast, witu drivers eighty-four inches
high. It had been brought to the rouud
nou^e the day beipre, and the mechanics
had trued up or lined up its cross-head
guides. We placed the indicators in the
cylinder, coaied our engine, filled the
water tank, backed into the station, hitched
to our train, ana were nil reaay to start
when time came.
"The engineer of tests and I took our
place 3on the lront of the engine oa the
ngnt hand »iue. He read the draught
gauge and speed, and 1 pat on top of
iuo cylinder taking indicator cards. You
haven't any idea ot tue breeze creaioa by
a train running at the rate of more than
a mile a miuuie until you get out on ihe
trout c. id of an engine. Ihe engine cab is
a calm anu sequestered retreat m compari
son. It. seemed to rue that we were tear
ing the very heart out of the wind. The
engine under me snorted and panted and
quivered like a wild animal in a rage, as
it sprang forward wildly into space,
shrieking snrilly half the time. The
wind smote my cheeks ii..c the blow of
a sharp blade. My eyes smarted with
smoke and the tears that the wind
dried. But for all that it was glorious
— the very apotheosis of splendid motion.
Tue landscape rushed past me like a fright
ened thiug. Farms, towns, rivers, me
earth, the sky. A.I was an indescribable
blur. At times 1 wondered il the iron
monster wasn't running away. Aud then
I thought of the daiKy who said he'd
rather be in a railway disaster than a
steamboat smashup, for in the former case,
'Dar you isl' but in the latter, 'War is
you?'
"1 must have been a funny sight for the
birds on the telegraph wires, as I dashed
past them on the top of that cylinder. I
fancy I looked like a dropsical brownie. I
had on two pairs of trousers, a flan
nel shirt, two vests, two sweaters
and a coat, besides a lot of heavy
underclothing. I wore a cap that
came down over my neck and ears,
and my feet were wrapped up in coffee
sacks until they were as big as a water
bucket. The only parts of me that the at
mosphere got a chance at were my cheeks
and my hands. I had to have the fingers
cut out of my mittens in order to handle
the indicator cards.
"When we reached Elizabeth we d scov
ered that one of our cro->shead guides was
getting hot. It had probably been lined
up wrong. We stopped, oiled it up well,
and started again, but it troubled us so
that we had to slow down considerably,
and by the time we reached Belle Meade
it was almost hot. That ended our
test for that day. We took off our
engine and let ihe train proceed with
a switch engine we picked up at Belle
Meade, while we backed 456 into Jerssy
City. It was 7 o'clock at night by tha
time we had all our traps off the engine
and were ready to start for home. We
hadn't a bite to eat since morning. Well,
I used to think alter a iootbali game that
I knew what it was to be hungry and stiff,
but my ride on that engine cylinder con
vinced me that I had previously had only
the laintest conception of what hunger
and weariness mean."-— New York Sun.
SOME NEW THINGS.
To bold a music book and prevent the
leaves from turning a new device has an
upright standard to which are attached
two X-shaped wire springs, the ends of
which project oxer the edges of the book,
the holder being; adapted to tit any size
book by opening or closing the springs.
The use of a roll and case to hold
clothes lines when not in use has just been
patented. When it is desired to use the
line the catch that holds tlie reel is re
leased, tuna allowing the cord to unwind,
when it can be threaded through, eyelets
on the different posts and fastened to the
last one, winding up the reel to draw the
line tight from post to post.
An adjustable dental mouth-mirror
jusi out. has a bead band to hold fast a
numDer of adjustable rods attached to
each other, the advantage being that the
dentist has both hands free for his instru
ments without having to hold the mirror.
For use in moistening and sealing en
velopes a new device consists of a series of
rollers through which the envelopes are
passed by means of turning a crank at the
aide of the machine, the first set of rollers
holding the body of the envelope fast un
til the moistening roller has operated on
the flap, when it is passed between the
secondary rollers to seal it.
To prevent wind and rain from coming
into a house under thedoor a new weather
strip is fastened to the bottom of the door
and is automatically raised and lowered
as the door opens and shuts by means of
a spring and projecting armj which tits
into a recess in the door, the strip lying
over the edge of the door sill when the
door is shut.
The protection of shirt Bosoms cy a
water-proof body having a neckband and
straps at the aide for fastening it around
the body of the wearer has just been pat
ented.
One of the most useful of recent inven
tions ii a pneumatic hammer for driving
nails or riveting bolts, etc., the air pres
sure being admitted through a pipe con
nected with the hammer eating and act
ing intermittently on a spring plungei
carrying a hammer at its outer end, the
mechanism bejn*-controlled by a lever at
the side to vary the force of the blows as
desired by preventing the plunger from
coming back. The hammer can be made
in any size desired for light or heavy work.
MORE LABOR FOR
GOOD ROADS
The New Department of
Highways Swings
Into Motion.
The Engineers Ciing to the Plan
for a Grand System of
State Highways.
President Marsden Manson Is Dis
gusted With the Late Legislature,
but Strong for the Fn'ure.
The Department ol Highways was or
ganized last Tuesday ana squared away
for an important two years' career. It's
the Department of Highways now instead
of tne Bureau of Highways, as it was be
fore.
Marsden Mnnpon, the surviving mem
ber of the old commission, was elected
president, and when he was in town yes
terday he told something of the hopes,
plans and projects of the new commission,
W. L. Ashe, J. H. Price and himself.
Mr. Manson has no exalted opinion of
the benefits of Legislatures to the good
roads movement, and neither have other
road experts.
"They turned everything backward that
the commission recommended," declared
Mr. Mansen ye3teriay. "We recom
mended laws that would have produced a
systematic betterment of the roads at less
taxation than now and they created a
chaotic condition at increased coat We
recommended systematization and classi
fication, providing for State, county and
district highways. We recommended a
scheme of great State highways, planned
with reference to the general needs of the
State and its future development, and not
to the wants of particular towns. We
placed them where nature made them
proper, gave the general termini and out
lined their general alignment. The Legis
lature provided that any county may peti
tion the Department of Highways to have
any piece of road in its borders declared
a fctate highway, and if we refuse the
matter must be decided by an arbitrator.
A State highway should be a Slate high
way and not wholly a county road. The
Governor vetoed most of the other road
laws passed, for which I am not sorry.
"At the close of the session the Legisla
ture passed the Clark district road law,
which was a chaotic and idiotic measure,
and distinctly a step backward in road
improvement. It upsets the method of
road administration throughout the coun
ties and may put a stop to road improve
ments until the courts can adjust the legal
complications involved. In connection
with other laws it creates a question as to
whether the County Supervisors or the
District Trustees provided for shall have
jurisdiction. The Attorney-General has
recommended that the question be taken
to the courts, and it may result in having
to wait two years for much road improve
ment."
During the next two years the depart
ment of highways will carry on the work
of the past two years in a more extended
way, ci.nging tenaciously to the purpose
of establishing a grand system of ate as
well as county and district highways, ex
ploring every part of the State for the
best and economical supplies of road ma
terials, keeping up the agitation for good
roads, holding public meetings, publish
ing road information, advising road
builders everywhere, and getting ready a
batch of road laws to risk oa the next
Lfgislature.
During the present season Messrs. Price
and Ashe will travel through Central and
Northern California, giving; special study
to the proposed main State highway, al
ready located in outline, locating their
alignment, etc., more definitely, with a
view to the future. Marsden Manson will
give this season mainly to Southern Cali
fornia, studying especially the occurrence,
availability, mode of development, etc., of
road materials in that part of the State.
Several bulletins relating to road matters
will depend on the office of Public Printer.
The department will have the pioneer
work of the past two years to build on in
putting at the service of the 6tate the
most approved methods of highway con
struction, as the law demande.
PBANOE'B POPULATION.
Moaning and Results of the Decreasing
Number of Births.
Jacques Bertillon, the inventor of the
famous system of identifying criminals,
has written an article for the Temps of
Paris on the decreasing birth rate in
France and its effect on the population.
He says:
"Our fears are again surpassed. An
official report which is about to be pub
lished by tho Journal Officiel shows a de
ficit of 17,000 lives during the year of 1895.
"This report is symptomatic and of its
kind the very worst yet made. In 1890,
1891 and 1892 th •• statements showed an
exefss of deaths over births; but that
was easily explained, as then the grip was
at its height and decreased the births
while it raised so alarmingly the number
of deathi. In 1895 the figures have but
one explanation: the birth rate is growing
less, and it has b*en ever since the begin
ning of the century, rapidly tending to
place itself on an equal footing with the
mortality list. This bus at last happened.
It the birth rate continues to diminish —
which it must do unless some remedy is
found — we must resign ourselves to the
fact that France is rapidly going out of
existence, while other countries crow daily
more powerful, as the following figures
will prove:
BIKTHS PER 1000 INHABITANTS.
1801-10 .3K1 1851-60 26
IHII— VO 32 1861—70 26
IHiil— 3o 31 1871—80. 26
Jbai— 4o *9 1881—90 U
1841—60 37|1891— 9i 22
"This decrease in births is general
throughout France, especially... in the
northern parts and in Brittany. It has
been explained as a cons quence of civili
zation; but if this were so it should be
necessary to accept France as the only
civilized nation of tne world, for she is the
sole great European country where births
diminish with such implacable regularity,
as these figures will show: -
BIRTHS rXB 1000 INHABITANTS
-1841-1850. 1881-1890.
Germany 88 38
Austria.. 38 88
KngUnd.. ................... 33 33
July.... .: 37 38
France........ -27- *24
♦Afterward ■-!-'.
i .. "Finis - Gall te! • No matter what point
of view we take, the above figures lead us
to that. .'...' "' -.•' . -■
"The political and military conse
quences that will ensue are easy to per
ceive. On the morrow of their war France
and Germany had almost the same num
ber of recruits (296,334 in France and 330,
--136 in Germany), and we could \ still cling
to the hope of again reconquering what
we bad lost. To-day Germany has more
than one-half more "recruits (418,433) than.
Franc?, which yet retains the original
number; and. as in Germany, the num
ber of Dirtns is twice (1,903,160) as lame as
in France (908.849) since 1891, it is plain
that in fourteen. yearn she will have twice
the army that we have. . , j
"Even our wealth is threatened. Our
exports reached during the years 1867-1876
an average of 3,306,000, 000 francs; in 1895 ,
'1 -; v > ITTW TO-rAT-DRT GOODS . ."" : :".
ITHE MAZE f
I WILL BE CLOSED MONDAY I
9 OUT OF RESPECT TO OUR NATION'S DEAD. r
5 Will Reopen Tuesday With More Fetch- 1
x ing Bargains Than at Any Time Dnr- I
I ing Our Closing-Out Sale! |
t|? ' . ;'"  _ — / •■.; **?
Baldwin & Bowell, Real Estate Agents. 10 Moiteoiiiery street, have ♦
4 s the renting of our store. Apply to them for particulars. *t*
* ' ' MttMMc;'--;/. : '■""" '" ■ * *
|| We cannot individualize or attempt %
jr to enumerate special items. Every ar» j^
4i tide in our stock is a bargain, for it's &
* sold to you at a loss to us, and no mer= S-
-2* chant can exist in business unless he *
7 makes a profit. Ladies Tailor-made ?tf
■S Suits at $1 50 and $2 50 are bargains, %
41 ain't they, no matter what they are? 4*
4» $1 Shirt Waists for 39c are not 4*
4* bad, are they ? Ladies' Black Figured 4*
$ Dress Skirts at $1 25, worth $2 50, *.
% are pretty good. Novelty Dress Pat- T
ijt terns at '} original value is pretty good.
4s $45 for $15 pays to look at. Big bar- 4*
4* gains await you in Towels and Table 4>
X Linen and in fine Wash Goods. Our X
X Lace and Underwear departments are X
y crowded all the time. In conclusion, *'O
9 we have $100,000 of merchandise to v
X sell, and we are offering it at less than X
X you can purchase it anywhere. We X
X trust that when you fill your wants X
O you'll give us the first chance. If you 5
v don't find that we save you money then O
X give the other merchants the benefit of V
X your patronage. We are done as soon X
X as we've sold this stock down. X
* rpßQp™Q*s&z\K&ttjQsr&
MARKET Sl'., (OK. TIYLOB 111 «OLI)E\ SATE M M
they increased to 3,374,000,000. During
the same period the German exports in
croased from 2 974,000,000 francs (the aver
age for 1872-1876) to 4,500,000,000. The rea
son for this :s very simnle: The number
of our workmen doea not increase, waile
in Germany the population has jumped
from 41,000,000 to 52,000,000; hence this
gain over us.
"In Austria the same condition prevails.
Her exports for 1869-1873 averaged 1,055,
--000.000 francs annually; in 1594 the fiuures
had almost been doubled, reaching 1,988,
--000.000. This is also explained by a gain
of 7,000,000 of population!
"At the end of the last century Trance
represented 27 percent of the population
of the great European powers, and our
language was the one most spoken
tbroughont the world. To-day she lives
on her pa3t. There are 46.000,030 of peo
ple who know French from birth. Such
is the number of readers that a French
book could have; but the same book
written in German could be read by more
than 97,000,000 men, and if in English by
more than 115,003,000 people. Therefore,
it is not only our political and our mili
tary power that is menaced by the de
creasing births in our population, but
also our economic power, and above
everything it is the intellectual and moral
influence of our writers over the world, it
Is the intellectual patrimony of Franca
that is on the verge of disappearing."
Flan to Remodel Seats In the Home.
Speaker Reed is an advocate of the plan
of remodeling the hall of Representatives
bo that tbe member? of tbe House may be
brought much closer together and grouped
in much less space. The plan, which is
discussed from time to time whenever
something draws attention to tbe clumsi
ne3t of the House as at present arranged,
is to clear out the members' desks and to
seat the members oa bepebes as members
of the English Parliament arejjsoated.
Mr. Reed, it seems, would par.uion the
present nail into three parts, giving a
NEW TO-DAY. .
wi,/ NO MORE OREAD Of THE
4«%^ DENTAL_CHAIR. ' MM>
\& X \ : £x~ TTPTII Extracted Without Pain. '. "^^Jil V i^*
Wl\\ x I LL I U Fill.d vvithout Pain. JL feS-
ffiVf » I I 11 I It Crowned Without Pain. Ks/\''~-
t|% J/ c - , I kb I II Bridge Work Without Pain. ml V I
OWING TO THE SUCCESS WE HAVE MET WITH IN OBTAINING BUSII^E«S « vn TUB-
many requests from patients living at a dis anne wno have not been able to »v«ii fh.™ S .
Mi- low prices we have gi - en the public the p«t thhty days, we have determined to extend t^e nriSn.
rate until June 20 on ail work done in our offices . _uc»rminea to exiena lne present
our patients are fully protected asainst the evils of cheap work and Inferior m.t.ri.i. r> ,
operators are •killed soeciallsts and C radu»tes of the best collies of America. No stud^ns^nlo^T
We are not compe.lug wiin cheap dental estab.iahments, hut with first-claw demi-ts *■ nr?r P , V
than half those charged by them. . uenusts, a. prices less
UNSOLICITED TESTIMONIALS.
We the utdenlgned. cheerfully testify that at the Van Vrcom Electro Dental Par'crs we had
BeTeral teeth extracted at one sitting without the least pain. . i """ al ra '° BMIIM
S> A N N l l^nl1 ONE> Bged 54yrars - 258 Eighth street.
. •*" E. PAINTER, with Hale Brothers.
L^. M GARDIN ' Foreman Seidil's Candy Factory.
, . MRS. WILLIAM GARDIXiCK.
E. H. McCREADY. J'23 luvler streeu
G. P. LI>X) ; >, 4202 Twenty- hird street.
MRS. R. F. FLETCHER, Los uatos.
SSft&SwL^!^ ......L..,...:...2»ca P
bridge work, per Tooth..::::::::::: X Z SSfeH:::::::::::::::::::::::^ II
Work done as well at night as by daylight by the modern electrical -devices used h:re.
.AH Artificial Sen of Teeth are made by dentists — ' "
g'arantee y d. yeBri ' exDerienc «- »* » »-»« *> ' £9* We Will OlTe «500..00
By leavins order for Teeth, in" the morning you *° Any Dentist Who Will
S^c^^r Crow - -
VAN VROOM ELECTRO-DENTAL PARLORS,
997 MARKET STREET. CORNER SIXTH. TELEPHONE JESSIE 1695.
*£$ r 8 d vu a iV kn^ 7 Xiltl ?^ t^ G«"»« •««« * I "»'nC4 spoken. Open ET'enlngt till 10
ociock, Sundays, 9UU 12. All Surg.cal Wort done b/ G. W. \vn.l.«msbn, M.O.
OFJEN ALL DAY MOM DAY. " MAY 31.
room for the sittings of the House and
new rooms on each side where members
could read, write, talk and receive visitors.
It is admitted tnat for purpose" of de
bate it would be a great advantage if tbe
House could be made a more compact
boly, but the members are loth to give
up their desks, and it is argued that if
members could not write during the ses
sion and had no employment except to
sit on b. bench and listen it would be
harder than ever to get together a quorum
for the transaction of business. Mr.
Re-a's remedy for that would be to
amend the' provision of the constitution
which makes a majority of the House a
quorum, and to provide instead that
some arbitrary number — fifty or one hun
dred — shall be a quorum. Such a change,
however, would not be easy to bring
about, and is not very hopefully sug
gested. — Harper's Weekly.
Santa Crux I>og-Foi%on*r Conviete**
SANTA t'RUZ, Cal., May 29.— Owners
of dogs here are greatly pleased with the
conviction of D. M. Dibble of dog poison
ing. The loss of many valuable canines
recently made this case one of unu>ual
interest. Several dogs died immediately
after his arrest, but it is possible they
were killed by poison which ha had placed
before his incarceration.
Unit Lake lies per ado Shot.
SALT LAKE, Utah, May 29.— Richard
Harvey, recently from California, was
convicttd of burglary last Monday and
to-day sentenced to prison for three years.
While being handcuffed in the courtroom,
he made a break lor liberty, knocked
down several bailiffs and was finally shot
and dangerously wounded by Denutv
Sheriff Burt.
In the Baltic Sea there are more
wrecki than in any other place in the
world. The average throughout the year
ie one each day.SUNDAY...... '. MAY 30, IHS»7
AMUSEMENTS.
Baldwin- Thkateb —•'Merry Tramps." Sunday
evening, June 6th.
Worosco's Opera -Hotjsk— • A Dirk Secret*"
Alcazar Theater The Three Hats" and
"The First Born."
Columbia Thkatkb- 'The Fatal Card," Mon
day eve nine May 31.
Tivom Opera Horsß Martha-'
-High-Class Vaudeville.
Obebos.- Grand Concert.
t-tTKO Baths.— Bathing and Performances.
Tin- Chutes and skatino RiNK-Dally at
Batght street, one block east of the Part.
Oujlbkn Gate Park— oMen Gate Park Band
picnics AND~E.XCURSIONS.
Ex. Campo— Music, Dancing, Boating. Fishing.
•very Sunday.
AUCTION SAL. S.
By Smatvan * povLK-Moniay. May 81.
Foxball Stable, at 1:320 Ulltnoie st. »t 1 1 o clock
Also Thursday. June 3. Contractor- 8 Plant, at
Caroline street, at 11 o'c ock.
Bt Kaston A Kii'vir>GF-.-Tnesday. June 1,
Heal Estate, at 638 Market street, at 12 o clock.
It Killip * Co.-Tuesday. June I, Horses,
at cor. Market st. aud V»n -Ness aye.. at 11 o clock.
By Yon Bbkin * Co.-Thursday, June 10,
Seal Estate, at Salesroom, 61 Calhornla street,
1 : II o'clock ! _^.^___^_^^^__ r «__«__
CITY NEWS IN BRIEF.
Elizabeth A. Rodger* has sued John Hussey
for $2325 45.
• The local weather prophet promises fair
iveatiier to-day.
Major Winchell speaks this evening at the
First Christian Church. ;;-; .
Governor Bndd will decide the Durrant and
Worden cases to-dny or to-morrow.
Local Greets will raise a fund to aid the
widows and orphans of their country.
The Sons of St. George will picnic with their
numerous fri«ndi at Sunset Park to-morrow.
Alfred Ler.ormand has been declared ot
sound mind by a jury in Judge Dunne's court.
Frank H. Fowler, Guilford H. Lewis and
William T. Cottier have filed petitions in In
solvency. .
The artists of California are doing good
work this season. Some notable portraits have
been painted.
Rev. Mr. M. Tai, who has just arrived from
the East, speaks to-day at the Japanese Epis
copal Mission.
Henry Btirsill, a sailor, committed suicide
last Friday night by asphyxiating himself
with charcoal fumes.
Henry Cowell has. sued John T. Carey of Sac
ramento for $4637 97 and $300 attorney lees
on account oi a promissory note dated May 6,
1806.
The thirty-first annual gathering and games
of the Caledonian Club were held in Shell
Mound Park yesterday and proved a great
success.
The commencement exercises of the San
Francisco Bible and Training School will take
place Tuesday evening at Howard M. E.
Church.
Micbael Nolan, convicted of assault with a
deadly we*poi, has been sentenced to pay a
fine oi $700 or serve in the County Jail one
day for each $2 of the fine.
Attorney James L. Crittenden has not yet
paid the fine of $250 imposed by Judge Slack
ior contempt ol court for having a loaded re
volver in court during a trial. ■ ;. .•
Mayor Phelan says that the City Hall Com- I
missioners have violated the law in chancing
the specifications for the gutters of the new
roof alter the contract was let.
Professor David Starr Jordan lectured last '
night on the suDject of a zoological garden for
toe Mission, He denied certain statements ■
accredited to him by the Examiner.
The Mormons are now waiting for the Divine
plans by which to build a temple at Inde
pendence, Ji.ckson County, Mo., declared, tney
bay, by revelation to be the site of the new
Jerusalem.
H. Caringlia, a boy of 17 employed In Pala
dini's fish stall in the Spreckels market, has
been missing since Tuesday. He left a note
to his parents saying that they would find his
body in the bottom of the ocean.
Miss C. G. McQuaide, the teacher in the
Washington Grammar nieht school, where
the matches were exploded, states that »he
did not temporarily or permanently suspend
any of the pupils for the offense.
An unknown man about 60 yean old fell
unconscious at the;corner of Third and Mission
streets yesterday and died after oeing taken to
the Receiving Hospital. Both his eyes were
blackened and he -had been drinking.
The Supreme Court has reverted the de
cision of ■the lower court in the electric rail
road bonds case of the Bradford' Investment
Company against Behrend Joost and other*,
which is a partial victory lor the latter.
Suits for divorce have been filed in the
County Clerk's office as follows: Ber.ha E.
Milnor against C.arence H. Milnor, for failure
to provide: Hannah Hawkins against JamesM.
Hawkins for willful neglect and failure to
provide. |
The State Equalizers warned the Assessment
Committee of the Board of Supervisors yester
day to be prepared to explain the assessments
ol San Francisco when the rolls are made or
stand the chances of the City being raised, as
it was last year.
Fifty tickets, esrh bearing the number of
the capital prize-winner in the Original Little
Benefice:. cia Pub'ica Company drawing were
refused payment yesterday on the ground that
they were counterfeits. There is great indig
nation among Che ticket-buyers.
About 600 costal employes were paid off
yesterday in nickels and dimes, owing to the
ia;t that Postmaster Doyle's check could not
be usf d without authority from Washington
to draw any oi the sixty odd tnousand dowars
aei.osr.ed in the United states sub- treasury by
the late Postmaster McCoppia.
Volume 1, No. 1, of The War Call, "the of
ficial organ of Jesus Christ's Army," has made
its appearance. It is a neat tour-page paper
to be published weekly by General George
Spurgeon Duggan and edited oy R. B. A very.
It presents a credltaDle appearance, typo
graphically and editorially.
The Oregon Railway and Navigation Com
pany yesterday turiher reduced its rates to $5
and $-2 50 respectively to Portland, and tne
Pacific Coast Ste&msnip Company, in order to
protect Its Pose Sound business, made rates
to Victoria and all sou. id ports of $10 and $5.
The Southern Pacific rates to Portland remain
at $10 and $5.
William Starke was arrested yesterday mom
lug at the Caledonian i-icnic by United States
9ecret Service Agent Harris for passing several
$5 piece' at the butchers' picnic lust Wednes
day. Stance is a cierk ir the drugstore of his
-roth :r-i(i-lnw, Dr. Morgan, at 401 Sixth
strei. . The complaint was made by Captain
Siobe of Sh :il Mound Park, who accuses Ptarke
of having passed eight of the pieces on the
grounds.
E. R. Thompson in his suit against James
Touhuyof S-icramento alleges ingratitude on
the par. o' the deiendaut in addition to an
unpaid debt ol $3000. Mr. Thompson says he
sold v m> chine to Mr. Touhey for the purpose
di reducing bituminous rock for street pave
ments; that Mr. Touhey lai<l the pavements
around the St".te Capiiol in Stcrumento ana
made a ;>ront of $12,000, yet reiused to settle
;or ti.e machine which yielded him his reve
nue. Hence thi* suit.
WEW lODAT.
Save up
your Schilling's Best tea tickets
and see if you can't win one o!
those $100 prizes — you know
you can use those same tickets
in competing for the $iooc
prize.
But if you want the $ioc
prize you must send in youi
tickets by June 15th — give you
more time for the big prize.
Rules of contest are published in our largt
advertisement about the first and middle a
each month. A3
PUT TO SEA IN
CLOSE COMPANY
Ocean Steamers, Barks and
Barkentines Went
Out.
With Oner Vessels They Made
a Pretty P.cture in the
Ofiag.
The Gunb et W he?. ing More Than
Exceeds the Demands Made
on Her.
The Golden Gate was full of vessels yes
terday afternoon, and every one of them
was outwardbound. There were lumber J
schooners, which are regularly employed
in the coastwise trade; bnrks bound for j
Australia and barkentines for Central
America, barks and steamers for oiber j
point?, all making the best of their way
past Point Lobos. After securing a pood
offing they cleared away on their respect
ive courses, and were making good time
when last seen.
Atiicii:: those who left in a bunch were
the steamer Colon for Panama, the Bslgic
for Yokohama, the bark Mercury for Port
Blakeley, the barkentine Gleaner for the
sound, the schooner Bonanza on a whal
ing cruise, the schooner W. F. Jewett
went out with supplies for the sealers at
St. Michaels, and the Bowhead ataned for
Kodiak with provisions to fill the place of
the lost schoonar General Siglin.
Dr. Chalmers, the State quarantine
officer, asserts that he is in full authority
as far as the quarantine laws of California
are concerned. "Under section 3020 of the
Political Code," said he yesterday, "I
have full power to handle nil these ves
sel*. Not one of them can enter or clear
without the certificate of the representa
tive of the City Board of Health, and as
such I will assert my rights. The whole
matter has resolved itself into a conflict
between the State and Federal authorities,
and I think we will win. It we cannot
stop the passengers mid cargo in the bay
we can prevent all and sundry from land
ing. I: the cargo and passengers require
fumigating, we can order the vessel back
into quarantine and then the trouble will
bertn."
While the ruling of the Federal authori
ties is perfectly legal and takes precedence
over the Stale laws, still Dr. Chalmers, on
behalf of the State, can step in at any
moment ana refuse the ship a clean bill of
health. Then the trouble will negin, and
ihe chances are that the Pacific Mail
Steamship Company will make a test of
the matter when tuc Peru arrive? from
Hongkong and Yokohama via Honolulu
to-morrow. The City of Pannma is also
due from Panama and way ports, and as
there has been considerable talk about
yellow fever and malarial fever in Mexi
can ports the wav steamer is sure to be
closely watched. In tho case of the Colon
Dr. Chaimers ordered her into quarantine
after the Federal authorities had pnssed
her. In consequence a test case is sure to
Ocean Steamers, Coasting Vessels, Earks, Barkentines and Schooners Went Out on the Ebb Tide YcsVHay Afternoon* Passing;
Through the Golden Gate They Made a Very Pretty Picture. The O. and O« Company's Be qic Was the Whipper-in.
be mads of the City of Panama when she
arrives.
The following information relative to
the windsand weather in the North Pacific
during June haa jtut been received from
■he Hydrographic Office at Washington,
D. C:
The northeast trades will vary In direction
from nouh northeast to northeast, with north
ern limit slightly north of the inirtieth paral
lel. To the west of the Hawaiian Islands,
however, ia the vicinity of ihe twentieth par
allel, the winds will probably be from the east,
while near the American coa«t, within the
trade-wind limits, northerly and northwesterly
winds may be expected, instead of northeast
erly winds. Frequent squalls may bi- expected
in the trade-wind region in 'he vicinity of the
Hawaiian Islands, In the doldrums, or cnlm
region between the trades, much rnln and fre
quent thunderstorms may be expected, accom
panied by calms, light variable wiads or
i-quslis.
In the zone between 35 deg. and 50 deg.
north frequent gales, accompanied by rain,
may be expected, le-s irequemly, however,
than -luring May. In the vicinity of the Aleu
tian Islands, and 10 th.> bouth ward, the pre
vailing winds may be expected from the south
ward or westward, moderate to fresh.
Along the coast of Mexico and Central
America heavy thunder storms are likely to
occur.
Fog and mist will be prevalent along the
American const north of latitude 30 deg. north.
Frequent log may be expected north of the
40: h parallel from the American to the Asiatic
coast.
Tne southwest monsoon will be found to
have set in along the southeast coast of Asia,
bringing with it the wet season and hot, sul
try and rainy weather.
Typhoons are not of frequent occurrence In
the China seas during June, but during the
latter part of the month they may occur, first
appearing to the eastward of the Philipoine
Islands. W. S. Hughes, Lieutenant, U. 8. N.
Both of the mail docks are overcrowded
with freigiit, and in consequence the City
of Panama will have to dock at Lombard
street wharf to discbarre. The dockine
of the Panama steamer goes with an "if,"
as both Drs. Chalmers and Blue are con
cerned as to her bill oi heaitn.
The United States gunboat Wheeling
bad ncr trial trip yesterday. She beat
the Marietta's time, and when the
United States officers have finished the:r
calculations it is thought that the war
shiu will h:ive beaten all records. As it
is, the Wheeling has made a splendi i
showing, beating all records under all cir
cumstances. She backed and cnthered
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 30, 1897.
way In far quicker time than the contract
culled for and in erery respect has a right
to dc called a twin to the Marietta.
Every vessel contracted for in the East by
the United States has been in more or less
trouble. Every vessel built lor the United
States by the Union Iron Works of Ban
Francisco has been a success from the
word go. The San Franci-co baa been
continuously in commission since she was
launched and she is still the "stand by"
of the fleet. The Charleston has visited
almost every port on earth and never a
word about her engines or superstructure
comes to this port. Trie Oregon, Monte
rey and others built in this port are with
us st'll, and we all know their abilities.
The Scotta can go to sleep with the per
fect satisfaction that accompanies the
knowledge that in the Wheeling and Ma
rietta they have turned out two warshipg
the equal, if not superior, of anything of
their class in the United States navy.
Ihe schooner Bowhead had to put back
yesterday. She cleared for Kodiak, but
off the heads carried away her foremast,
and in consequence came back for re
pairs. *
CHARCOAL FUMES DID IT.
Suicide of a Sailor, Despondent. Breaui*
of a Protracted Sicknrss.
Henry Bursill, a sailor who had been
sick for some time with Bright's disease
of the kidneys, committed suicide lost
Friday night in his room at 116 West
Park. He was found dead by bis biother
i Henry half an hour after midnight, with
' the stove full oi burning charcoal and the
I lid off. He had been asphyxiated by the
| fumes.
A note in pencil, addressed "To whom
it may concern," was found on a table
| near the bedside. It read as foi:ow->:
May 20, 1897.— 8e it known that I, Henry
Bursili, do noi own any real or personal prop
erty outside of the suit I have on.
Henry BursiA.
Another note was addressed by the de
', ceased to the Coroner:
Mr. Coroner: J guess by the time you get
this 1 shall be over on the other shore. I huve
been sick for nearly three years with Bright's
disease ; so you will know where to look.
H. bVRSILL.
Tne last sentence was evidently for the
benefit of tiie autopsy physician.
The deceased was a stngle man, a native
of England, aged 33 years.
WESTERN ROADS ASTIR.
C. F. Smurr on the Work At
tempted at St. Louis and
Chicago.
The Transcontinental Lines to Hav<
an Agency in the W indy
City.
C. F. Smurr, general freight agent of the
Southern Pacific, returned yesterday after
several weeks' absence in St. Louis and
Chicago. Mr. Smurr, as well as ilr.
Stubbs, who has not yet arrived, ana other
leading railway officials, have been meet
ing the representatives ol d fferent lines
in an endeavor to come to some under
standing about rates.
The recent Supreme Court decision
knocked the Transcontinental Association
to pieces and the railroad? have been try
ing to effect some kind of a traffic organi
zation 10 take in the lines that were in the
old association, besides other line?.
There was a meeting in St. Louis, so
Mr. Smurr states, of the railroad lines in
the Texas traffic. The prospect us of an
organization was formulated, provding
in substance, that all rates of all lines be
announced through one medium. In case
of the unlawful manipulation of rates
there is to be an investigation and the
evidence gained is to be submitted to the
Interstate Commerce Commission.
The organization will probably be
known, Mr. Smurr says, as the South
western Bureau.
Tne meeting in Chicago was represented
by various railway men interested in the
Pacific Coast business. No rates were di v
mrbed, but a number of changes were
made in the groupings of articles carried
nr.der carload in westbound commodity
tariffs. They were sugeested by the Pa
cific Coast Metal and Hardware Associa
tion.
No changea were made In the eastbound
rates.
The transcontinental lines, he goes on
to say, will probably have no association,
but will have an ngency in Chicago to
publish the rates of different lines. These
will be filed with the Interstate Commerce
Commission.
PERHAPS A MURDER.
An Unknown Old Man Dies After Be
ins Bemten by Unknown
Persons.
An old man wearing overalls, with both
eyes blackened and bleeding at the no«e,
staggered into a saloon on the loutfawest
corner of Third and Mission streets at 10
o'clock yesterday morning and fell un
conscious. Policeman Wallace sum
moned the patrol wagon and had him
convoyed to the Receiving Hospital, where
he died a few hours afterward. The un
fortunate man had been drinking.
The body wan taken to the Morgue un
identified. The deceased was about 60
years old and had a white mustache.
Apoplexy is supposed to have been the
cause of death. _
MORION Kl'Kt I VI. DEIITERT.
Bngpage transferred to trains, steamers, etc.
Also moved in the city.
Furniture moved; estimates furnished.
Krt'ignt transferred «n<l shipped.
408 Taylor street imd 650 Market street
Telephone Main 4t». •
LIFE IN CITIES
IS ARTIFICIAL
Professor Jordan on the
Subject of a Mission
"Zo."
He Thinks It a Boon for Al 1
Classes and the Best Site
on Earth.
Vigorously Denies Some Misrepre
sentations of Speech Made in
the "Examiner."
President David Btarr Jordan lectured
last evening in Social Hall, at the inter
section of Twenty-first and Howard streets,
on the subject of a Mission zoological gar
den. George D. Shadburne. president of
the Mission Park Association, acied as
chairman of the evening and introduced
the speaker in a few brief remarks bearing
on the importance of the queatiou uuder
consideration.
"There are certain peculiarities of life in
cities not iound in the country," said
Professor Jordan in his opening remark?.
"In the first place, we have not learned
bow to live in cities. Under the artificial
conditions at present obtaining they are
really devourers of lie. The rich either
lead lives oi ease without sufficient exer
cise or too much brainwork in the cares of
business without sufficient recreation. In
the case of the common people — meaning
those in moderate circumstances— they
generally have not the opportunity lor
proper recreation. All classes are affected
by the constant wear and tear on the
nervous system incident to the noise
made by heavy wagons on cobbles, the
streetcars and the machinery of large
establishments.
"Contagious diseases generally appear
in cities, becau-e there the microbes
abound through lack of proper sanitation.
There is a tendency to seek spurious
p eafures also and to drown the effects of
care by the use of drugs."
The lar est percentage of efficient men,
Professor Jordan believed, either came
from the country themselves or within
one or two generations. He was proui
that he had been reared in the country,
and had learned to drive horses, make hay
and plow.
These statements led up to the subject
of tne p'rk, which he said would bring
the country into the City in the form of
a breathing spot, where all could have
neodci rest and recreation. European
cities, he arHe<l, thing money spent in
parks and zoological gardens a good in
vestment.
"In London, 1 ' he continued, "a zoologi
cal garden is maintained tit a great ex
pense, because the climate there is not
equable. This is largely true of New
York. Chicago and Philadelphia.
"We could maintain one here at a third,
or perhaps a fifth, of the cost of any of
these. We have, in addition, a host of
land and marine animals that could be se-
cured at no great expense and would
form novel attractions.
"There is no other city in the world so
favorably situated as this one it for such
a garden. Ido not speak in favor of any
one part of the City, but my own opinion
is that the Mission'is the most favorably
situated. I believe that no place needs it
worse, for no place here is so badly
crowded.
"This, in my opinion, is the place for it,
and there is no better time to start it than
this summer."
Professor Jordan's remarks were warmly
applauded, especially his expression of
sentiment in favor of the Mission, and at
their conclusion a resolution of thnnks
was introduced by Attorney T. V. O'Brien
and adopted unanimously.
President George D. Shadburne then in
vited him to deliver the lecture at the
time of beginning work on the park,
which he believed would be soon.
Samuel Partridge ihen gave several
stereopticon viewa of park and zoolo ; ical
garden scenes and of various animals.
Professor Jordan was asked after con
cluding his lecture if he bad made the
statement, purporting to come from him
published in yesterday's Examiner, that
"there are only twelve first-class lawyers
in California who are equal to the best
lawyers elsewhere. The others are pre
tenders."
He made v gorous denial, asserting that
he had merely said a legal friend once re
marked in canversation that there were
only about a doeen lawyers in California
equal to the best elsewhere, and that they
descended in quality gradually to some
who might perhaps be termed misnomers.
"Nor did I say," he protes ed, "that
'there are a dozen first-class physicians in
this City, but there is a mob of other doc
tors whose Dictures are in the daily news
papers and who murder people in the
uark." What 1 did say was that if such a
condition of affairs as regards attorneys
really obtained the same would probably
be found true in m°dical circles. The
article in question misrepresented me all
the way through " '
LniKirnmnd Not Insane.
In Judge Dunn- 's court yesterday a jury ae
cid«?d that Alfred Lenormand is of found
mind and he was accordingly ordered dis
charged from casoily.
Tiie trial of ttiie case occupied Mreral days,
.■ .. ! ... ..;.''• '.-.■-.. new To-oat. . I .::.^ :^l,-0.: : r •_
•'■•' \ - ■' .• ■ ■• ■ ■ ' _.■. - ' -■ r - ' ... ■■. • . ■■ . ;
I A Fair Warning |
f- ; For the Family. I
g Unknown persons are not "admitted to the 9
a family. . Who are you ? is the necessary prelimi- -9
A nary to acquaintance. What are you? precedes ||j
intimacy with those who have learned that rank |j|
A is but the guinea's stamp, the man's the gold A
A for a' that." Why not test medicines, as well A.'
W as men, not by name only, but by nature. It's '.-A
w not the name of the medicine that will help you . •
or injure you; it's the nature of the ingredients . W
X that make the medicine. w Ask the . medicine 9
§ what are you? before you admit it to the : .2;
2 family. That was the test applied at the 11
« World's Fair of 1 893, to all medicines entering |j| [
A as exhibits. The World's Fair received no §'
@ medicines whose ingredients were secret. , That H :
W fact shut out all sarsaparillas but Ayer's, whose :Hi
w formula is open to physicians at all times. It's fjl
V a Fair warning for the Family: Secret . sarsa- If
g: parillag are not safe. Get Ayer's. ®
Ayer't "Curebook." A story of cures told by the cured. (™HI
/$Ss. Free, J. C. Ayer Co^ Lcwell, Mass.
the case of the young man beinp presented by
Attorney M. M. Fooie, while McKinstry & Mc-
Kinslry appeared ou behalf of the relatives of
Hie accused, who considered him dangerously
insane.
It was evident that the verdict of the jury
was based on the excellent understanding
manifested by Lenormand while on the wit
ness-stand. He seemed to comprehend all the
proceedings and to have a full appreciation of
circumstances attending his incarceration in
a madhouse. He appealed to the jurors to put
themselves In his place and see how they
would liar to be committed to an asy.um al
though conscious of having the faculties in
their normal state.
Several physicians who are experts in mat-
tern of insanity testified that the young man
appeared to be insane and warned the jurors
thnt hts mind might take a dangerous turn,
but despite this warning the jury set him free.
ELEOTEIO BOAD BONDS-
Rehrand Jnost Successful In Hit Ap
peal to the Supreme Court.
Supreme Court Commissioner N. P.
Chipman has rendered a decision in the
case of the Bradford Investment Company
against Behrend Joo st et a!., which was
concurred in by Justices Britt and Haynen,
in which the case was sent back to the
Superior Court of San Francisco for a new
trial. It was an action to foreclose fifty
first-morteage bonds of the San Francisco
and San Mateo Railroad Company of the
par value of $1000 each exclusive of cou
pons, given to secure a promissory note of
$25,000, issued by Joost. An agreement
was made by Joost that the bonds might
be sold for the payment oi the note. The
plaintiff's right to judicial foreclosure was
not denied, but the right of a personal
judgment against Joost for a deficiency, if
there was my, was questioned.
Upon filing the answer, the plaintiff
moved for judgment on the pleadings, on
the ground that the answer denied none of
the material allegations of the complaint.
The lower court granted the motion and
ordered judgment in accordance with the
prayer of the complainant, including a de
ficiency iudgment, to which order Joost
excepted and on this he appealed. The
other defendants did not appeal. After
reviewing the case at length, Commis
sioner Chipman says:
My conclusion ii that the trial court erred in
granting plaintiff's motion for judgment on
tiie pleadings, an d it is recommended thnt the
judgment be reversed and that a new trial be
granted.
• — ♦ — •
"The Perfect Man."
The meeting at the Young Men's Christian
Association. Mason and Ellis streets, this aft
ernoon will be addressed by Rev. E. H. Jenfcs
of the First Presbyterian Church, this City.
His discourse will be on "The Perfect Mau."
The service opens at 3 o'clock and will be free
to all yoxine men.
• — * — •
ADVASCffI made ou furniture and pianos, wlib
or without removal. J. Koonan, 1017-1023 Mission.
OSBORN RUBS THE POUND.
The Humane Sccety Thrown
Out in the Cod by the
Supervisors.
The Keeper Has drained a Do;
Establishment in an Old Mission
Brewery.
The Public Pound has again passed un
der control and supervision of the City
because of a refusal on the part of the
Supervisors to remove Fred A. Osborn,
the present keeper.
The pound was formeriy a City institu
tion, but in 1893 passed into the hands of
the Society for the Prevention of Cruelty
to Animals.
A keeper was appointed by the society
at a salary of $75 per month, which he
never drew. Later tie resigned and Osborn
was appointed. He, too, turned the salary
back to the society until a short time ago,
when he informed the directors that his
circumstances were such as to make the
pay needful to him and he kept it. Then
a movement was made to oust him, ihe
consent of the Supervisors being necessary
for such action. This action was taken on
the ground that the society could not
stand the expense.
Tlie Health and Police Committee of
the board heard both sides Friday, and
on the showing by Osborn that rhe society
h*d a big cash balance to its credit and
also owned real estato the petition for Os
burn's removal was denied.
Directors Lissak, Hutching and Stevens,
who appeared for the society, then an
nonncfi that the pound would be closed,
but Osborn at once announced that he
would provide a pound and there the
matter dropped.
Osborn lost no time in making good his
threat, for yesterday, he selected as the
new pound an old brewery on Fifteenth
nnd Dolores streets, wtiere in the future
he will exterminate luckless and home
less canines. He will be obliged to tit up
the entire place and provide wagons,
horses, harness, etc., for those recently in
use are the property of the Society for het
Prevention of Cruelty to Animals.
This society of course will close the
NEW TO-DAY.
TWIApAYET
A SEVENTY-YEAR-OLD WOMAN
STRICKEN WITH THE GRIP.
Mrs. Mary Stevens Tells a Story of Suffer-
ing and How She Was Cured.
Mrs. Mary Stevens, who resides at 425
Eddy street, San Francisco, said:
"My troubles I date back to a severe at-
tack of the grip two years ajro. Siuce that
time I have doctored considerably in order
to get relief from the re-ults of the grip. I
can candidly say I have obtained no real
help until I beg;<n taki-g the Electro-
Medical treat men t. I ran now sleep and
*at. I feei hungry now as I d d not be-
fore, can walk up a flight of stairs with
ease, and my cough is gone.
"I am, in fact, curort, and place it all to
the creak of the Electro-medical treat-
ment. Especially is this happy result re-
markable, as lam now past TO years of
ace, and cculd har.lly have expected 10
regain mv health and sir.ngth so readily."
Signed May 29, 1897-
MARY STEVENS.
This is but one of the many remarkable
cares made at the State Electio-Medical
Institute during the week. The
curing of disease by the Electro- Medical
treatment, which, by the way, cannot be
had at any other place than at the above
Institute, is beyond the compreuension of
ihe lochl doctors. Many of them have
visited the Institute '.o solve what seemed
to them a mystery.
Animals' Home, as it was called, at once.
The first move was mnde yesterday by the
discharge of five of the employes. From
all appearances the new dogcatchers will
be ttiose who ran with the wagon for Jake
Lindo.
fc-A. H. Lissak, one of the directors of tha
society, is very indignant over the action
of the Supervisors in retaining Osborn
and completely ignoring a large organiza
tion whose only purpose is to labor in the
interest of humanity and common de
cency. He said thsit while the society
owns considerable property its income is
not sufficient to pay expenses within $50 a
month. It has over $19,000 invested in
the home on Sixteenth street, which is
now practically useless. It also has a lot
on California street irom which no reve
nue is derived. Mr. I/s'sak feels anything
but kindly toward Mr. Osborn for the part
he has taken in this controversy, naying
that without the society's aid Oiborn
would never have been made PouDdkeep
er. He regrets that the Pound should
pass irom under the control of the society,
and predicts that n will fall into disreputa
as it was in former years. His sentiments
are shared by nearly all the other di.
rectors.
SON AGAINST PATHEB.
Tonng; Peixotto in the Role of a Legal
Iconoclast.
Attorney Edgar Peizotto is naving
some -port with the indictments presented
by his venerable father as foreman of the
Grand Jury. When the indictments
against Dr. Frederick H. Stahle, charging
him with embezzlement of property be*
longini* to the City and County of San
Frnncisco, were tiled the original docu
ment bore the signature of Peixotto pere,
and possibly just to show ihat he bore no
malice to the family Dr. Stahle at once
employed Peixotto nla 10 conduct his de«
fense. His first move was to demur to
the indictment, and the District Attorney
tacitly admitted that he was right by al
lowing and advising the filing of a new
indictment. When the fresh documents
were presented in Judge Carroll Cook's
court yesterday the younger Peixotlo at
once began to pick flaws and point out
errors. In order to bring the matter up
regularly a continuance was granted until
next Tuesday.
T. M. I. Picnic
San Francisco Council No. 7, Y. M. 1., will
nold its twelfth annual picnic at Scheutzen
Park, near San Raael, to-morrow. A lug-oi.
war will be one of toe features.
The people, too, are interested in tb.9
work of the State Electro- Medical Insti-
tute, because it means that henceforth
the burdens of heavy doctors' fees with
maximum of charge and minimum of
benefit hare been lifted from their
shoulders.
They are interested because the Electro*
Medical treatment gives new li c to worn-
out bodies, new elasticity to lagging steps,
new activity and life to paralyzed mus-
cles, new rest to sensitive and upset
nerves.
That is exactly what the State Electro-
j Medical Institute is doing for the sick of
I this Coast. Is it any winder that : i the
Institute is thronged from early morning
until late at night?
Out-of-town patients are treated with
unfailing success through correspondence.
Send for symptom blank and letter of
advice, wit.i full particulars.
Office hours: 9 A. M. to BP. M. Sun-
day* 10 to 12 M.
: Call :«>r iiddress State - Klectro-i
Medical Institute, Market, Powell
ana EuUy stree.s. Ka trance No. 3 Eddy
street, San Francisco, Cai.
78
GREEKS TO RAISE
A SUBSCRIPTION
Will Aid the Widows and
Orphans of Their
Country.
Hallenic Christian Aid 'Society
Issues an Appeal for
Funds.
A Meeting to B: Held on Tuesday
Evening to Arrange a Piaa
cf Camp iign.
The loyal Greeks of San Francisco, in
the depth of their sympathy for their
Struggling countrymen, are about to make
another effort to help them by raising a
fund to loiward to Athens. The follow
ing appeal was issued yesterday by those
who sign it:
Incited by patriotic devotion to their native
land and moved by sympathy tor the suffer
ings of those of their countrymen who, now
engaged In a desperate struggle against the
common enemy ot Christianity, are compelled
xo sacrifice everything upon the altar of their
country, a large number Of citizens of Sau
Francisco who are of the Hellenic race,
together with sympathizers ot the Hellenic
cause, haviJ organized the Hellenic Christian
Aid Society of Sun Francisco, Cal., for the pur
poeo of collecting funds and rendering such
rel;ei as may be in their power to those en
gaged in the heroic struggle.
In view ol the tact that Greece, to-day, sin
gle-handed and alone, is lighting the battle of
all Christendom against the Turk, we feel
justified in appealing to you, and to others
who may sympathize with us, to come to the
assistance of the Hellenic Christian Aid So
ciety in the work It has undertaken.
We therefore beg that you will, without de
lay, take such action thai may to you seem
most practicable to raise all the money posd
ble for the cause. Trusting that you may be in
hearty accord with us in this noble work, we
remain, most respectfully yours.
A. CIOUBTIACX,
Acting Greek Consul, i resident.
U. P. Tstkookes, Vice-President.
George Valianos, Second Vice-President".
P. angel. Treasurer.
To Rive the raising of the fund an im
petus a meeting has been called for Tues
day evening next at 26 O'Farrell street,
where leaders of the Greek colony will ad
dress the meeting and urge the Hellenes
of this City to put forth thei. utmost en
deavors to make the subscription a big
one.
Plans for raising funds outside of sub
scriptions will aiso be discussed and com
mittees appointed to see that the good
work is done in a systematic manner.
M. D. Vanvales, president of the Hel
lenic Mutual Benevolen t Society, is taking
great interest in tt.e matter, and the or
ganization over which he presides will
head the subscription list with $50, its
third contribution in the aid of the widows
end orphans of Greece.
SOCIETY PERSONALS.
Whereabout* of the Members of the
Four Hundred In California and
the Fait.
. Following are some of the lastest move
ments of society people in this State and
the East: '
Miss Ther»se Morgan, daughter of Mr. and
Mrs. W. P. Morgan, will return from the East,
'where she has been at school at Farmington,
next month. She will be one of next season's
most attractive buds.
Mr. and Mrs. George D. Greenwood and Mrs.
Fred Greenwood hare taken a cottage in Ross
Valley.
Joseph D. Grant lett for Portland on Friday
last.
Mrs. Dottle Heathcote has returned from the
East and is visiting her mother, Mrs. Kittle.
Miss Flora Dean and Miss Sophia Pierce &re
expected to return from Vassar, where they
have been at school, the early part of next
month.
Mrs. Richard Tobln and her daughters will
go to Buriln^ame for the summer. j- '■■
Mrs. and Miss Jennie Blair will spend part of
the coming season at Del Monte.
Mrs. Charles Keener and daughter will go to
Del Monte.
Mrs. George R. Wells and Miss Marie Wells
Contemplate passing the summer at Del Monte.
i Mr. and Mrs. James A. Robinson have gone
to fcausalito.
George A. Newhall has bought one of the
Burllngame cottages end will go thereshortiy.
Mrs. Clinton E. Worden and her son will
spend most of the summer at Dei Monte.
E. W. Hoppln will return trom the East with
his two daughters, who hare been at school at
* KANE ' * MORAN. A TILFORD. Bm BAKE R
A. SCHAFFER. W. McMESAMIN. L. KEN.SEDY.
E. EYLAND. C . COLMER.
\From a photograph by Smith of Oakland.]
OAKLAND, Cal., May 25.-The Academic team of baseball players of St. Joseph's Academy have issued a ■tatement that they are the champions of the coast of all
.teams under 16 years of age. These successful young players nave won twenty-one games out of twenty-three, and last Sunday added one more victory to their string
because of the failure of the Little Swins of San Francisco to come over here and play. The Little Swins are supposed to be the crack team of San Francisco, and it was
from ti.em that the challenge came to St. Joseph's. At the last moment they backed out and declined to cross the bay. The Academics unbesiutlneiy declare that ibis
was due to fear and have claimed the game. ■ v ■.- •
| Dubbs Ferry, N. V., the first week in June.
I They will po to Memo Park for the summer. j
Mr. and Mrs. Fred W. Beaver have gone to
San Leandro, whore tuey will spend the sum
mer months. ...
Mrs. K. L. Hagerand the Miss»s Hsirer will
go to tue Hotel Rafael the middle of June.
Dr. and Mrs Ernest Meins have gone to
I Blithedale foe the summer.
Mr. and Mrs. Marcus Gerstle and Mr. and
Mrs. Will Grestle have pone to Sau Rafael.
Miss Genevieve Goad leaves at an early date
tor Santa Barbara, where she will pass the
summer with Mm. W. X McN'utc ana her
daughters, Misses Mary and Ruth MOutt.
Mr. and Mrs. Montgomery Currey and Miss
Frances Currey have decided upon passing
the summer at Wawona.
Miss Bertha Doibeer left about three weeks
ago for Europ.-. where she will remain until
tne early jail. _*. - m _
Mr. and Mrs. Joseph B. Crockett and Miss
Caro Crockett will go to Buningarue.
Mrs. C. C. butler and Miss Euaina Butler will
go to Santa Cruz.
Mrs. Clark W. Crocker and Miss Julia Crocker
Will go to Sstua Cruz for the summer.
Mr. and Mrs. Bpenoet Buckbee will spend
the summer at Sau Mateo.
Mr. and Mrs. W. H. Howard have taken the
residence of Mrs. Emily B. Hopkins at Red
wood City. Mrs. Hopkins will remain abroad.
Mrs. Sand* Forman and her daughter, Miss
Gertrude Forman, contemplate visiting Lake
Tahoe.
ci. F. Simon and daughters will spend the
1 summer with Mrs. Simon's parents, Mr. and
I Mr*. L. Meyersteln.
Miss Kate Dillon is at the Hotel Rafael.
Mr. and Mrs. Francis J. Carolan havere
! turned from the East, and are now in Bur
linsjaine.
Mr. and Mrs. George A. Pore will spend the
summer in San Mateo.
Miss Mary Bell Gwin has been visiting Miss
Daisy Van Ness during the pnst week at tne
Van Ness country piacu near Calistoga.
George T. Marye Jr. has returned from the
East.
Colonel and Mrs. W. R. Smedberg and Mks
i Smedberg have gone to West Point, N. V., on
a v i > i i oi several weeks' duration.
Mrs. Wiiltam C. Peyton ol Santa Cruz is ex
pected home from the E ist this week.
Mr. and Mrs. Louis B. Parrott will sail on
JuneU on the Pac.fic Coast steamship Queen
on an excursion o Alaska.
Mr. aud Mrs. W.I. Kip, Miss Kip and Miss
Mnrv Kip are guests lor tne summer at the
Hotel Rafael.
Baron and Baroncssvon Schroeder have gone
to their San Luis ObisDO ranch to spend the
■ummer and autumn.
Miss Marie Dilion has returned from a visit
to Miss Mollie Phelan in Los Angeles.
Dr. George Shiels and Miss Belle Shiels will
remain through the summer at the Hotel
Rafael.
Miss Kate Thornton Salisbury has been the
i pues: during the past week of Miss Florence
; Josselyn at her home in Redwood City.
Colonel and Mrs. John Braibury of Los An
geies have taken v counge at Santa Munica for
I the summer.
Miss Agues Sad'.er, Miss Julia Msu, Miss
1 Julia Reci and Miss Foulkes went down last
! week to visit Mrs. A. G. Booth at her country
place near Gleeuwood.
Dr. C. Max Richter was among the last
< Meet's guests at the Hotel Rafael.
Roumevelle Wildman is in New York City.
Professor and Mrs. Earl Barnes and Professor
E. H. GriKgs and family of Stanford University
left the City Wednesday lor a year's absence
j in Europe.
Mr. and Mrs. J. J. Crooks are among the
j summer guests at the Hotel Mateo.
Mrs. J. M. Cunningham and family are at the
Hotel Rafael for tne summer.
lira. S. G. Hort will spend the summer at the
Hotel Rafael.
Mis- Agnes Tobin and Clement Tobin are in
| New York city.
Mr. and Mrs. George Channcey Boardman
I were among the recent arrivals at the Hotel
; Rafael.
Woodworth Wethered left last week for the
j East, to be gone for an indefinite period.
Miss Cornelia Hamilton of Santa Monica is
j visiting Miss Daisy Van Ness at Callstopa. Mr.
] and Mrs. Hamilton are in San Francisco.
Mrs. Henry Sehmiedell is a summer guest at
■ the Hotel Rafael.
E. M. Greenway left Friday night on a
\ month's visit to Spoiane, Seattle, Tacoma and
i Portland.
Dr. and Mrs. E. S. Breyfogle have returned
| from abroad and are at the Palace Hotel.
Mrs. I. W. Hellman and Miss Heliman were
I in San Jose last week.
Miss Fannie Danforth has returned from a
vi-sit to Mr. and Mrs. W. B. Wilshire in Los
Angeles.
W. P. Fuller and Mrs. Fuller have returned
from Southern California, and are at the Pal
ace Hotel.
Mr. and Mrs. J. W. Winston and Miss Brad
bury have returned home to Los Angeles.
Mr. and Mrs. M. II de Young are reported
among the late arrivals in New York City,
Dr. and Mrs. Charles B. Cooper (nee Mc-
Grew) of Honolulu have been visiting Lieuten
ant Prank H. Conant, passed assistant engineer,
U. S. t*., at the Naval Academy, Annapolis.
Mr. and Mrs. R. B. Formun sailed for Europe
j on May 19 on the Teutonic.
Mrs. Remi Chabot and family of Oakland
have gone to tneir country home, Vlllaremi,
near St. Helena, whera they wiil spend the
summer.
Mr. and Mrs. James A. Robinson of Redwood
Ci y are euests at the California Hotel.
James W. Byrne is away on v visit to Los
I Angeles.
Mrs. James Irvine la in Loi Angeles.
Judge Ward McAllister is domiciled for the
summer at the Hotel Rafael,
i Mrs. Charles Bancroft Is visiting her mother,
Mi>. Pray, in Santa Cruz.
Mr. and Mrs. Hiram W. Johnion of Sacra
mento are guests at tne Caliiorula Hotel.
Mr. and Mrs. Ignatz Steinhart pre away on
an outing trip through the northern counties.
Mrs. A. G. Booth is at her country place near
Glen wood.
Mr. and Mrs. Warren D. Clarke registered at
the Hotel Rsiael lust week.
Mrs. William Kohl and daughter, Miss
Mamie K. Koal, sailed on the Teutonic on May
19 for Europe.
Mr. and Mrs. Wilfred Lawrence Mace ate
oceupyine the residence ot Mr. and .Mrs.
Adolph Mack during their absence in the
country.
YOUNG CHAMPIONS OF THE COAST.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 30, 1807.
FREE BEER FOR
THE MILLIONS
Appalling Programme of
Brewery Syndicate's
Picnic To- Day.
Free Trains, Free Lunch and
Carloads of Free Beer for the
Unheard-O: Festival.
The First Empty Refrigerator.Car
Will Be a "Cooler," ani There'll
B2 Sixtun B?ers Apiece.
The picnic season has achieved a wild
i and dazzling glory that beggars meta
' phor — achieved it out here by the sunset
seas amid the dizzying speed of the cen
tury's end.
On this Sabbath day there will be free
i beer— beers in fact— for all the world that
can get to Niles Canyon.
To-day will know the first great picnic
of the brewery syndicate. The world fur
nished the like of this when Nicholas 11,
! amid his late crowning, fed tne Moujitc
j nordes with vast hospitality and scoop
j shovels on the Moscow plains, out such
events do not often flash in this selfish
world. The idea was conceived at the
; office of the San Francisco Breweries
I (limited), where Manager Stone means
| business every minute. But the picnic
j was planned and approved by the eight
i breweries in the syndicate. There is
I peace with viciiance and keen, very keen,
i competition in the local beer world, and
| customers are loved and cherished.
! Jealous people say that it is a scheme to
I advertise and popularize the syndicate
| beers in a "be a good fellow way," Dut
I that's just talk.
Anyway invitations were sent out last
! week. "To their customer*, employes
, and friends,'' said the iitiie fo'ders and
the outside brewers took "ttieit" to mean
their customers and friends too and they
i swore softly. The invitations were excit-
I ing reading. "Don't bring money;
J noshing will De sold," it reads right tnere
on the middle of the third page just a
! little below "plenty to eat and someihing
jto drink.' fc-kip the luncii business and
I here it is again — "L quid refreshments
will be dispensed free and fieely by all
j brewers and bottlers."
Free beer for the million I The effective
j nessot adveriising was never demonstrated
i betore. The syndicate stops at co half-
I way business. The quality of its hospi-
I tality <vas not strained. It announced
' free tickets and special trains to get its
! friends to the Gamonnian fountain. By
1 last Saturday night the applications
| actually on file numbered 30,000. Tnis
week the requests parsed the 50,000 mark.
It was decided that the ticsets should
j be apportioned among the eignt brewer
i ies and the associated bottling concerns
i in proportion to the barrels of beer sold
! currently, eacu brewery to distribute its
j tickets according to fts own shrewdness,
| skill and generosity. In a single week
half of the bos* orewers in town hhve
turned gray-neadsd and sad-eyed and rea
son has seemed ready to totter in its
throne. Delicacy forbids dwelling on this
part of the situation.
The capacity of the Southern Pacific
Railroad on v iren-beer day had to be
learned, to know how many tickets could
■ be issued. The raiiroud might as well
j have been a bobtail car line down the
i county road. It couldn't have got them
! all there in a week. It has attended to
i some pretty big j ius in its time, but when
j the syndicate nad cried "Free beer!'
J General Superintendent Fiiliuore just
i threw up his hands. He and Manager
Stone tilted along for two or threa days
and then he said that he could supply
cars for 3000 people by using some idle
! gondolas. Mr. Stone heard more rerorts,
1 viewed the demand again and late Mon
; day aiternoon gave Mr. r'Lllmore the ulti
' matnm that if it wasn't made 3500 the
j picnic would be declared off. Fillmore
surrendered and later surrendered again,
so thai 4200 tickets and baizes have been
apportioned. Some strong men are wish
ing that they had died young. There will
■| be 46 000 stricken ones in San Francisco
; to- lay.
The 4JOQ will, however, be only the
j specially honored guests. Anybody who
can get to Niles Canyon by regular trains,
buggies, bU-ycies, flying-machines or
shank lines can tome in and eat a-nd drink.
There is a large population within a few
miles of Niles Canyon— enough to blanch
the cheek. But that's the programme.
"We expect perfect ordier," says the in
vitation. "Sheriff White says we'll have
it. Bring wife, best girl and children."
The imagination may needlessly pale,
for it will undoubtedly be a gentle, foamy,
dreamy delight of a Sabbath day. There
has only been one danger canvassed. If
the liquid refreshments should give out
in an untimely way — be meager or inade
quate, or something like that— the lion in
the breast of the people, while not exactly
rousing, might cause a long ng for home
and friends on the part of committees and
others.
It is reported that the Southern Pacific
Company yesterday retused to sell any
more tickets to the place for its regular
trains, as the car supply had eiven out.
The managers have arranged with Sheriff
White that the refrigerator car first emp
tied shall be used as a calaboose for the
first rioter and his followers. Five lone
special trains will rarry the syndicate's
special guests, and tho unnumbered thou
sands besides will be an inspiring sight.
To dispense the beer there will be a num
ber of sixty-loot counters, many tables,
and twenty-four waiters will go about
with great pitchers to fill any glass pre
sented.
"We estimate that we can supply six
teen glasses of beer to every man, woman
and child," said the secretary of the syndi
cate yesterday.
Great Scott I
CRICKET CHIRPS.
Two of the City Teams Gotnjr Out
for Country Matches—Sun
dry Notes.
The local grounds will be practically de
serted on Decoration day by reason of the
exodus of the Pacific and Alameda teams
to country fields. The former left the
City last evening for Penryn. It will be
made up of the following players: Myers,
Dickinson, Harbour, Casidy, James, Mc-
Gaw, Wiseman, J. Theobold, Bloomfield,
Townsiey and Weiae.
The Penryn boys are preparing to give
the visitors a warm reception, so their
popular secretary, A. E. Coates, who was
in the City during the week, informed me.
The Alameda eleven go to San Jose to
play tiie Garden City Club a one-day match
Monday. They will he led by their doughty
chief, R. B. Hogue, and should give a good
account of themselves.
Ernest D. Severs, late Pacific bowler, left
San Fr«nci»co Thursday for his new home
at Jhnuba.
At last the Portland cricketers are get
ting a move on. The Atuletic Club had a
meeting iaat week and arranged the
schedule for the season. They have some
exctsllent new cricket talent, including the
following names: Cameron, Barfaat, Luke,
Allison, Taylor and Williams.
Work on the new grounds at Riverside
is going on rapidly and it is expected that
they will be opened on July 4.
On Decoration day the Associated Banks
will play the Aluhnomahs on the latter's
grounds.
On June 20 tnere is to be played the an*
nual Town vs. Country match either at
Alameda or Golden Gate.
The Kn^lish cricket news is now chiefly
concerned with big scores. Prince Ran
jitsinhji exceeded all former efforts in the
M. C. Ok and Ground vs. Sussex by a four
hour innings of 260 runs for Sussex.
Umtiek.
Basket Ball.
The Business Men's team played their
last game of basket ball in the present
tournament last Thursday. evening. Their
opponents were the Ninety-seven team.
It was quite a one-sided game, as the
Business Men's team are so much taller
and heavier, and put up splendid team
work. The score was 48 to 0 in favor of
the Business Men of the San Francisco
Y. M. O. A.
The teams lined up as follows:
Business Men. Position. Ninety-sevens.
Tuur::::::::::.:::}^^-{::::;:^ ;
ooodrichv;.::: :::::: } center,, i ward
* (. Finch
Bernhard. „„„,. I -Deny
Uatzer... .../ Oaard! Ju^es
• (. Ytung
The ollicers were: W. H. Mitchell,
referee; 1). J. Hanrahan and E. L. Spacher,
umpire*; M. G. Fenn, timekeeper; A.
Armstrong, scorer. ,
• The game played last week between the
Athens ot Oakland ana the Business Men
was 11 to 10 in favor of the Athens, but
the game is under protest of an interpre
tation of the rules. The league commit
; tee, consisting of A. T. Brock of Oakland
and F. L. Shaw and R. Homer of San
Francisco, await an opinion of the interna
tional board on the point in dispute be
fore they will render thair final .decision.
The opinion will be telegraphed and will
probably reach the committee about the
end of next wees.
KILLING THE WRIT
OF HABEAS CORPUS
Lawyer Crittenden Declares
That Such Is Threat
ened.
Judges of the Superior Court
Urged to Review Their
Brothers.
No Fine Paid by Lillian Ashley's
Attorney for Carrying a
R volver.
Attorney James L. Crittenden has not
yet paid that fine of $250 which was im
posed on him by Judge Slack several
months ago. The fact of the non-pay
ment was recalled by the habeas corpus
proceedings in Judge Carroll Cook's court
yesterday, Mr. Crittenden alleging that
he had been illegally restrained of his
liberty under Judge Slack's order.
Attorney Sidney Van Wyck first pre
sented to Judge Cook the petitioner's
application for a discharge, and began to
set forth the facts as they appeared to
him, but in this he was interrupted by
tbe court with the remark that counsel
would be admonished to confine his argu
ment to the facts as they appear on the
face of the commitment; that as to the
facts the commitment is taken to be con
clusive.
This ruling is in conformity with the
most recent decisions of the Supreme
Court of this State, notably illustrated in
the cases of Attorneys Smith and Coffev,
who were adjudged guilty of contempt of
court by Police Judge Jonchimsen. In
the Superior Court they offered to prove
that Judge Joachimsen was mistaken as
io the facts; that, as a matter of fact, they
did not advise certain prisoners to remain
mute when called on to plead, for the good
reason that they could not speak the Chi
nese language, which was the only lan
guage that the prisoners could speak or
understand.
Judge Wallace ruled that the petition
ers had no legal right under the law of
this Siate to be heard in regard to the
facts involved; that the commitment from
the court below is by the force of the stat
ute presumed to recite the truth. This
position was upheld by the Supreme
Court, and Messrs. Smith and Coffey had
to pay the penalty. Judge Wallacs re
marked that the law is clear in its terms,
and thnt he was not to bkirno if there is
any hardship resulting Irom its enforce
ment; that if there is any complaint to be
rmide in regard to the justice of the enact
ment, that complaint ought to be ad
dressed to the Legislature aud not to the
courts.
Mr. Van Wyck, payinc heed to Judge
Cook's suggestion, read from the record
of the proceedings in Judge Slack's court,
wherein it was made to appear that during
the trial of Ashley against Baldwin, Emma
Ashley drew a pistol, which was seized by
J. 11. Unruh; that Unruh pointed said
pistol nt James L. Crittenden, who is the
I petitioner here, whereupon Cnttenden
made a move to draw a weapon and threat
ened to shoot Unrab, said Crittenden be
ing then nrmed with a loaded revolver.
Mr. Van Wyck said that the petitioner
would line to supplement the record, which
was correct as far as it went, but being
denied that course, would address the
argument solely to the matters of law in
volved in the proceeding.
This order of commitment, Mr. Van
Wyck said, was in the nature of a judg
ment, and as such is subject to attack as'
aie oilier judgments.
The court appeared to concede the cor
rectness of this point, and Mr. Van Wyck
said that if this proposition be sound the
order of commitment must fail, because
there are some persons who have ft right
to wear a loaded revolver in the presence
of the court, and thai there is nothing in
the commitment to show affirmatively
that Crittenden is not one of the exempted
persons. He also called attention to the
fact that Judge Slack did not proceed
summarily to punisn the person charged
with contempt of court lor an act per
formed in the immediate presence of
the court; that in such cases the
court must proceed summarily or loss
of jurisdiction is the. result. The third
point was that the right of self-defense is
a right guaranteed by the laws of this
State, and that this right is not waived or
lost by an attorney who appears in a court
of justice.
Mr. Crittenden, the petitioner, addressed
the court in his own behalf. After em
phasizing the legal objections to the com
mitment Mr. Crittenden said: "What if a
man with a pistol in his hand should try
to kill the Judge on the bench and I be
ing present and having the right to carry
a pistol find having the pistol there pres
ent should so use it that I should save
the life of the Judge, would 1 be
liable to punishment for contempt
of court? That is not reasonable.
There is nothing in this record to
show that the petitioner was unlawfully
carrying a pistol at that time, and that
being the state of the record this court is
bound to find, as a matter of law, that the
commitment in this regard is defective
and inoperative." • . .
Referring to his own case Mr. Critten
den said he knew of no rule that would
punish a lawyer for defending his own life
any more than for defending the life of the
Judge on the bench. When Mr. Critten
den remarked that ho never would pay one
cent of this fine so long as he could be
heard to speak in a court of justice against
"so unjust and. unreasonable an order as
this," Judge Cook seomei about to in
terrupt the speaker, whereupon Mr. Crit
tenden quietly added: "I understand that
Judges do not like to bear comments on
the acts of their brother Judges, but I do
not speak in a spirit of bitterness when I
declare that if this judgment . had been
delivered by a jury your Honor consider
ing the matter in regard to its leeal force
would set it aside on the ground of insuf
ficiency. - . • "■•'■' .
"In this age of trusts, combines and
combinations the courts have thus far es
caped the prevailing influence, and I hope
this may so continue. I understand that
there is an effort here to establish an un
derstanding, or concert of action in. the
Superior Court of this City. and County,
so that the judgment ot one department
shall stand as the judgment of all. 1 say
that if such a course; is pursued it is un
constitutional and is a denial of justice.
When a writ of habeas corpus is presented
to a Judge of this court it is the sacred
duty of the Judge to whom it is assigned
to" consider it as fully and as impartially
as if it had come from Arkansas or New
Jersey. These twelve Judges sitting in
this county are independent Judges, of
equal dignity and power, made so by the
constitution of the Slate, If for any reason
they or any of them should decline to re
view the acts of their brother Judges, that
would kill tue writ of ; habeas corpus in
this county. We have twelve independ
ent tribunals, established for theiafe
enarding of the people's rights, and the
observance of concert of action in matters
of ; this kind \ would reduce the court )to
practically one department.' : ; . '
'"Whether I offend Judges on the bench
or not, I say that it is their absolute duty
to perform their functions in an abso
lutely independent manner in regard to
the writ of habeas corpus as well as other
matters that come before them. The writ of
habeas corpus is the corner-stone of ,' the
liberties of the people of America and
.v-».v---ri: ■ ■-•• •• - . .:. "■■/ • : ■
MODERN MEDICAL WISDOM.
Consumption Can Be Cured
In Any Climate
Convincing Free Offer of an Honored and Distin-
guished New York Chemist and Scientist*
• f
(A scent in the Sloeum Laboratory. The Doctor illustrating- the power of his newly discovered
 System of Medicine to Medical Men and Students.)
w ffieStca? CflUTwf anJ> Caßoraforr CVpdrftrunt
T. A. SLOCUM CO. I ' fa Of <SP/SAit-V>l ffl) <f
Manufacturing Chemists, \L-* A*-* /-O LvJ vUI Ilj Jil\/C*- V«
98 Pine St., Slocum Bldg., '"' . ■ '
NEW YORK. ; • Q8 Pine «f K gf
- New York, May 20, 1897.
To Editor of CALL, San Francisco,
My Dear Sir:--In reply to your late advice, I am : pleased to
state that I have discovered a reliable and absolute cure for
consumption- (in any climate), bronchial, throat and all lung and
chest troubles; catarrhal affections;, stubborn coughs^general
decline or weakness and loss of flesh. By its timely use, tens
of thousands of. sufferers have already been permanently cured.
£ I know that there are many of your readers who would be
benefited saved from an early grave, if they would allow
me to advise them in the use of my modern scientific discover-
ies. In. fact,. I have such absolute faith in their "Power to
Cure,' 1 based upon actual experience, that I will send THREE
FREE BOTTLES (all different) of my Remedies (The. New SlocumO ■
System of Medicine) to any of your readers afflicted, who will
write me at my Laboratory, No. 98 Pine Street, New York, giving
their full address. ." ./.-,
Always' sincerely yours
To' OUR Readers: — The Medical Profession throughout America and
Europe are nearly unanimous in the opinion that head, throat, chest and lung
troubles lead to consumption, and consumption, uninterrupted, means speedy
and certain death. We publish. the Doctor's letter for our readers' benefit, and
respectfully suggest that every sufferer ■ should take advantage of his most
generous offer. A medicine that will cure consumption ought to be good for any
disease. "We ask in writing to kindly tell him of having read the above letter in
the SAN FRANCISCO CALL. • " ;;,; •/- ;;
Great Britain, and has long been regarded
as the most sAcred right and protection of
the citizen. Is this writ and the coosii
eration of it as binding on the Judges as
an order of hue for contempt of court?"
Deputy District Attorney Hosmer was
present, "but maue no reply to the argu
ment presented on behalf of the peti
tioner. It was agreed that briefs may be
filed next Tuesday and that a decision
will be rendered next Saturday.
SPOKTING NOTES.
Yachting, Cricket and Other Depart- |
ment of Amusements.
To-morrow the California Yacht Club |
will hold their annual regatta.
Of the large boats the Edna should win, j
as she has shown great speed. Last, year i
she won the Wallace trophy, and it is ex- |
pected that she will repeat her perform
ance, g .
The race between the Phoenicia and the
Flash should be interesting and exciting,
as last year the Flash won' from the
Phoenicia by a.very narrow, margin. "'
The Phoenicia has a. new suit of sails
and a new rigging, and it is hoped this |
will increase her speed materially.
The trophies offered by the Californias
are beautiful class flags.
The regatta committees of thi Encinals j
and the Corinthians have selected the
19th of June for the race for the San Fran- i
cisco challenge cup.
The start will bo made at the narrow- i
gauge wharf, and the race will be sailed
over the Encinal course.
Admiral £. A. Ton Schmidt has been :
selected referee, and no better choice !
could be made, as he is a thorough yachts- '
man. v.
. Mr. Moore, with a force of j five men,
has commenced work on the new San I
Francisco Yacht Club house foundation. !
It will bo made on iron piles tilled with J
cement. The old piles will also beutil- !
ized and cemented. , ' ,
The Chispa was out last Sunday, but her i
new , sails require a great deal of stretch- '
Ins before they will do her any good. r Her i
flying jib is a complete failure and would !
not set, so it had to be taKen in. She will
have another new one made in place
of it. '.. -.•-■.. , • .. .:■ -;"«••■.:;.-- ;•
The La P«loma, in company with the
Sappho, took a cruise up to the Brothers
last Sunday. The lug foresail on the La
Paloma ' was a failure and baa to be'
taken in. ; . ■
Volley Ball.
A game of volley ball was played last
Thursday evening at the Y. M. C. A.
gymnasium in this City between the Mis
sion team and the German team.
It was a pretty good exhibition and
players as well as spectators enjoyed it
tery much. The game was won by the
Mission team.
The teams lined up as follows: Mis
sion—Lamont (captain), Smith, McCieod
and Grant; German— hennings (captain),
J. Tonjes. Kitzinjj and H. Tonjes. S:x
innings wire played, lasting forty min
uies. R. Homer ac:ed as referee
Phil Sheridan Council.
The members of Phil Sheridan Council No.
72, Young Men's I D stiiute, Harry Plnkham
president, intend observiug: to-morrow. Me
morlal day, by having a solemn requiem high
mass celebrated for the repose of the souls ol
the deceased members of their council. Rev
? m 5 8 T? Donald> theeloquentassistant pastor
of St Peter* Church, will preach the sermon
of the occasion. The mass will be celebraie 1
. i" j*' c;er>s Church, on Ainbama street, at 9
W '■ ' ; ■ ■■• ;-V''c->- '-■:'/.'?■ 'y£
if V '^' T^ /r
a Fishing '**& a
%»/ ZJ most modern \U
8 Tackle " M^- 8
%il Supplies \»£
§ w
0 Bedrock Prices. S
U. Flat Hooks 5c per 300 gjt
11% Klnge.i Hooks 9cperlOO ffl
Vf Cut Hooks 9c perdoz ■TV
"f\ V\y H00k5...... ...20cperdoz #f%
W J : Spoon Files ;.. lJc each *Mm
/tS Spinners :........ 2Uc each /#4
\kg ' radoock complete outfit No. -i 25c each 'if
if* 3-Jolnt Ash K0d...... ..;.„. ..10c each ifi
%if 3 Joint Bamboo Rod, full mount. 4sc %if
i it x J^aUl cotton, 150 feet. 100 ■ JK
: [X, r Braided cotton, Ito6, 84 feet 10c Cl#
IW£ " "' 1-0 to 8-0, 84 feet. . 150 jflf
< {% Hammocks. vf)
if) Child's Hammock, Mexican weave. 50c /*»
j ygg Cotton, quarter color, very Bironc..7sc Vf
i#4 Mexican Urass, full size ....75c. 85c (*1
j W Mexican (Jras*, e010rea. .•;..; .$l, $1 60. Vf
i g(k Cottun. lull color, extra lame size, gfk
' V/ with spreader $1 and $1 26 %Ig
:/A Cotton, quarifr color, with pUlow /A
1 €*/ and spreader ,9160 %ig
li. Croquet Sets. *A
I V/ Large assortment of 8-ball,' hard- */£
ff% •■■• wood, Field Croquet Sets from ffj
y/ ■ •••'•• • • $isoio«io yg
IIA Photographic Goods. ifl
ff. All the leading makes of Cameras, At
' %AM including KoJaks, Pocos. Oems, Vives, €>/
i' yg Quads and other makes. Also com- iK
I ? 1 plete assortment of Amateur Supplies lit
I Yr •ai BOITUJI PKICKS. yi
gj£ V i end f>r Illustrated Catalogue. ffk
WilB-722 Market St. 23-27 tleary St. ,JZ
Radwny's Ready Relief for Sprains, Bruises,
Sore . Muscles. . cramps. Burns, t-unburn*. Back-
ache, 'Headache, Toothache, . Kheumatism, Npii-
riilwbi, Luuibitco. Internally for all bowel pains,
1 colic, dl irrhcea. : dysentery, cholera moroui, sea
i Blcitnesa, uauiea, etc. All Druggists.
. y  ~ . ■ . . ■. . ■ , ■ •■ .' 1MISSOURI THE
NEW JERUSALEM
Mormons to Build a Mas
sive Temple at Inde
pendence.
The Plan to Be Drawn and
Given Man by the Divine
Architect.
A Revelation That the Site of the
Garden of Eden Lies in the
Mississippi Valley.
The Mormons intend soon to fulfill the
svord of prophecy, and in the doing
thereof will erect a massive temple at In
dependence, Jackson County, Mo. The
site, they state, has been revealed to them
by divinity.
This temple is to be built on a scale far
surpassing anything in the way of archi
tecture ever before essayed by the Church
of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints, and
ELDER E, H. NYE, President of the California Mission of the
Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-Day Saints.
the plans are soon to be revealed by the
Divine Architect. When constructed it
will be the New Jerusalem, from which
the people of God ■will ascend when the
plagues are poured forth from the vials of
God's wrath upon a scoffing anc! sinful
■world.
Elder E. H. Nye, the president of the
California Mission of the Church of Jesu*
Christ of Latter-day Saints, will deliver a
lecture on this suoject of the temple to
night at Pythian CastJe. He spoke very
freely on the subject yesterday, and also
vouchsafed the information that by divine
revelation the site of the Garden of Eden
is known to members of his faith to have
been iocateo somewhere in the Mississippi
Valley.
Hi? elucidation of the prophecies and
their fulfillment, leading up to the founda
tion of the temple, is as follows:
As time roils by the Lord raises up men to
work out his pUns for the redemption of his
children, to usner in dispensations, etc. To
Joseph Smith, the great Latter-day Prophet,
were civen the keys and power to ush^r In
"the dispensation of the fullness of time*."
Having brought forth the Book of Mormon by
the power of God. and having thus revealed
to the world «v authentic and divine record of
the predecessors of the American Indian, he
was next commanded by the Great Master to
build a temple to whicn the Lord might come
in fulfillment of the words of the I'ropnet
Malachi: "Behold 1 will sena my lnessencer,
and he shall prepare the way before me, and
the Lord whom ye seek shall suddenly come
to his teniDle, even the messenger 01 the
Covenant, whom ye delight in, beho d, be
•hall come, saith the Lord or Ilo»K"
(Mai. iii:l.)
Here it is clearly shown trial before the sec
ond advent of our Lord a messenger will be
sent to prepare the way and to rear a temple
to his name, where he would come and reveal
himself to man. Look abroad upon the lace
of the earth and you look in vain for a temple
the plans and specifications of which have
been riven by reveiatlon from God. Moses re
ceived on the top of Mount Birißi toe plans
upon which he bnilt the tabernacle in the
wilderness, and when the building was com
pleted it was dedicated to the Most High God.
80 also was tne temple of Solomon. To-day
one can find temples almost innumerable
bnilt to immortalize the name of *ome man,
sect or ordar, bat a temple of the Lord is not
fonnd save among the Latter-day Saints.
God revealed to his servant, Joseph Smith,
new to-dat:
Specific No. 10
strengthens the
Weak Stomach.
No. io cures Dyspepsia.
No. io corrects the Digestion.
No. io tones up the Stomach.
No. io makes the appetite keen.
No. io prevents distress after eating
No. io relieves smokers' heartburn.
No. io steadies the Nerves.
No. io removes liver spots.
No. io gently assists Nature.
No. io promotes health.
No. io is only equaled in merit by
"77" FOR CRIP
.Ml druggists, or sent for 23c, 50c or $1.
MEDICAL BOOK.— Dr- Humphreys' Hom-
eopathic Manual of all Diseases mailed lr^«.
Humphreys' Mea. Co., cor. Wllllurp and John j
us.. Kew York. J
the plans and specifications upon which he
and his adherents built a templo in Kirtland,
I plans and was completed and dedicated
his adherents built a temple in Kiriland,
>. When U was completed and dedicated
to the Mosi riiph cod, in acknowledgment
thereol he "suddenly came to bis temple"
and appeared to Joseph Smith and Oliver Cow
dery and, standing up3n the breastwork of
the pulpit, accepted vi-» temple and offering
of His people. <s>ee Rev. 110, Book Doctrines
and Covenants.)
i Thus we ••ce the prophecy of Malachi was
[ literally fulfilled. The Litter-day Saints hare
I built live other temples— one m Nauvoo, 111.,
which has since been destroyed by their ene
i mies, and lour in Utah, the crowning work of
which stand* in bait Lake City, and is more
than lour times the size of the Temple of Solo-
I mon.
Israel was scattered in ancient days, and,
| according to the Scripture*, must be gathered
i In the latter days. Ten tribes were curried
! away to the north. Judah is known all over
! the earth, but the tribe of Ephraim is lost, lost
! both to himself and to the world. No man
to-day among the Gentile races can Bay that
he is or is not of the tribe of Ephraim, but
: Ephraim must be known, Israel gathered, the
| Zton of the latter days built up and a temple
: of the Lord erected prior to the second coming
! ox our Savior, when he will taKe vengeance
: on the wicked.
! But the Christian world seems to overlook
, the fact that Christ is to come to his temple,
and to be known in Zion and her palaces in
': the latter days, long Delore his final coming in
; all his glory. He has already come to his
i temple, and the day is at hand for the estab
lishment of Zion, when "God will be known
j in her palaces tor a refuge." Already has
; Ephraim been "pushing the people together
j from the end- of the earth." Israel has been
i gathering to the place prepared and held in
I reserve lor this people by the Almighty.
The prophet Isaiah looking down through
the ages saw the picture as it now stands out
in bold relief to all who will view., it with an
unprejudiced mind. C. ii:2, "And it shall
come to pa«s in the last days that the moun
j tain of the Lord's house shall be established in
the tops of the mountains and shall be ex
alted above the hills, and all nations shall
flow into it." .
• The Latter-day. Saints fulfill this prophecy
literally to-day in the mountains of Utah.
' I There is the prophet of the living God, with
twelve apostles at the head of the church and
. I the great temples, which together form the
mountain of the Lord's- house. It ii esub-
Hshcd in the tops of the mountains, exalted
11 Dove the hills, on the backbone, of the
American continent, and people of all nations
; How unto it. And thousands are coming up to
[ the temples of God, using in substance the
I words of the prophet, "Come ye and let us go
' up to the mountain of the Lord, to the house
I 01 the. God of Jacob; and he will teach us of
his ways, ami we will wait in his paths; for
I out whys, and we will forth the law and the
out of zion shall go forth the law and the
I word oi the Lord from Jerusalem." (Dan. ii:3.)
For years the people have been going up to
Utah, the Latter-day Zion, for the purpose of
learning; tne ways of. the Lord, that they
might walk in his paths. The law has been
going forth from Zion; the law of faltn, re
pentance, baptism and the laying on of hands
lor the gift of the Holy Ghost; and as time
presses on the word of the Lord will go forth
from Jerusalem. Already the Jews are gath
ering .to their promised land in immense num
bers. This fact is well known to all. In 1843
Joseph Smith, in obedience to a command <>i
God, sent Apostle Orson Hyde to Jerusalem to
go stand upon the Mount of Olivet and there
in the name of the Lord remove from the land
of Palestine tee curse that had so long pre
vailed over it, and also to dedicate the land to
the gathering of the Jews, preparatory to the
coming of the Son of man. From that day a
Change has been steadily wrought in that land,
and the Jews are flowing In from other lands,
i particularly from Russia. The Lord is using
the Czar of Russia to drive the Jews from that
land. And why? Because the day has come
for them to gather back to their own land;
but they will not go wittingly, hence the Lord
' moves upon the Czar of Russia to rise up and
oppress them and drive them out, that they
might go to their own lands prior to the com
me of their Messiah.
! The Zion of the Latter Day« Is to be estab
lished in America. Speaking of Zlon, the
Prophet Isaiah says {sixtieth chapter first and
; second verses.): "Arise, shine, for thy light is
come and the glory of Lord is risen upon
i thee. For behold the darkness shall cover the
earu and gross darkness the people, but the
Lord shall arise upon thee and his glory shall
be seen upon thee."
This clearly sets forth the fact that a day
will coma when Zion shall arise and shine
and the glory of the Lo:d will be seen upon
i her, while yet darkness covers the earth and
gross darkness the people. In what way will
the glory of this Lord appear? It is told la
the fourth chapter 01 Isaiah, fifth verse: "And
the Lord will create upon every dwelling-place
of Mount Zion and upon her assemblies a
cloud and smoke by day and the shining of a
flaming fire by night, for upon, all the glory
shall be a defense."
The Prophet David caught a glimpse Of this
wonderful scene, as shown In his forty-eighth
I psalm; "Great is the Lord find greatly to be
praisdd in the city of our God, in the moun
tain of hi 3 holiness, beautiful lor situation;
the joy of the whole earth is Mount Zion, in the
sides of the north, the city of the great King.
God is known in her palaces fora refuge." Isai
ah says (Isaiah ix-3): "And the gentiles shall
come to thy light and kings to the brightness
of thy rising." Forty-eighth psalm: "For 10,
the kings were assembled, they passed by
together, they saw it and they marveled;
they were troubled and hasted away; lear
took hold upon them there and pain as of a
woman in travail." What did they see 7 They
saw the cloud and smoke by day and the
shining of a flaming lire by night, and upon
the glory a defense over this wonderful city of
Zion, which, according to .the revelations of
God to the Prophet. Joseph Smith, will be es
tablished at Independence, Jackson County,
Mo., in this generation. Jackson County,
in this genenition.
According to the Book of Mormon and the
Hook of Doctrines and Covenants, which are
the guides of the Latter-day saints, America
is a land choice above all other lands to our
heavenly Father. : ..-,.
Keniy Father, Eden was upon this land, in
c Garden of Eden was upon this land, in
tho great Sl lgsissipui Valley, and there the
city of New Jerusalem will be built, the Zion
of the Latter-day Saints, and the great tem
ple—which is to Dc much larger, grander and
more magnificent than the one in Salt Luke
City— and there the promise will be fulfilled
that the glory of the Lord shall rest upon it in
the form of a cloud and smoke by day and the
shining of a flaming fire by night. Then all
who are permitted to go into that temple shall
behold the face of the Son oi God, and thus
the prophecy of David will be fulfilled— "God
is known in her. palaces for a refuge.".. , :
This city of the New Jerusalem is to be built
upon this laud. This statement may conflict
with the views entertained by orthodox
Christians -generally, because the only knowl
edge they have of that wonderful city is the
statement made by John the Revelator, when
he was permitted 'to behold the city coming
down out of heaven adorned as a bride for the
bridegroom.'- But this is net the case with the
Latter-day Sain is. We have in our possession
writings which | clearly, set forth the fact that
ho. men of Goa, were permitted to view the
city la its glory and learn ixombiu where it
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 30, IS9T.
would be erected long before John the Revela
tor'a day. In the Pearl of Great Price is iound
the following reference to it, given by tne
Lord to Enoch: "Righteousness and truth
will I cause to sweep the earth as with a flood,
to gather out mine elect from the four quar
ters of the earth unto a place which I sholl
prepare; a Holy city, that my people may gird
ud their loins and be looking forth for the
time of my coming, for there shall be my tab
ernacle and it shall be called Zion, a New
Jerusalem."
The Prophet Ether, who lived 400 B. C, was
permitted to st-e in visions of the future the
beautiful city of the New Jerusalem, ana he
also saw that it should be built upon this land
i by the remnan' of the seed of Joseph— a holy
I city unto the Lord— prior to the time ol his
coming.
The word of the Lord through Joseph Smith,
the prophet oi the nineteenth ceniury.de
clares that the spot selected by him as the site
of the holy temple to be reared in this gen
eration is Independence, Jackson County, Mo.,
and speßking oi the city that shall be built
there the Lord says: "And it shall be called
the New Jerusalem, a land of peace, a city of
refuge, a p^ace o' safecy for the saints of the
i Most High God." (Doc. and Coy., p. 189.)
Some see from these sacred writings that the
l»nd of America (In the eyes of the Almighty)
is choice a Dove ail other landa on the face of
I the earth and has been so from the dawn of
creation. In what is now the Mississippi Val
ley was the sacred spot where the Garden of
j Eden stood. Here also will stand ihe holy
city of New Jerusalem, the Zion of the latter
' days— this city wlilcn was promised by the
I Lord, foreseen by the prophets and described
! by John the Revelaior. And when the hour
of vengeance comets and the earth is aoout to
I receive her baptism of lire, when the words of
the apostle will be fulfilled, by all who are
alive and have kept the laith being caught up
to meet their Lord In the clouds, then shall
i this holy city be caught up aud all its inhabi
tants to meet him in the air; and when the
earth is puritied and cleansed of the wicked
ness and abominations that are upon its face
the saints and the holy city will descend to
the earth again preparatory for the great mil
lennial reign of pur Lord and Savior. It was
at thin particular stage of progress when John
the Revtlator caught a glimpse of the city of
ttie New Jerusalem.
FORESTERS HOLD REVEL.
The Members of the Local Courts
Have a Gala Day at the
Chutes.
Sports in the Afternoon and a Vaude
ville Entertainment in the Casino
in Iks Evening.
The Independent Order of Foresters had
a gala day at the Chutes yesterday, after
noon and evening. There was a good
attendance during the afternoon, and
much enthusiasm was manifested in the
programme that was presented, and there
was considerable rivalry in the contests
for the various games. The following is
the list of winner* of the afternoon
events:
100-yard race, with a turn— Flrat prize, box
of cigars; second prize, six bottles of some
thing nice. Won by K. B. Parnell, E. Empy
second.
Young; ladles' race— First prize, an elegant
fan; second prize, bottle perfumery. Won by
Jennie Siattery, Jeanniia Cohen second.
Putting sixteen-pound shot, for members of
order— First prize, an order for a hat; second
prize, a half-dozen bottles of perfume. B. I.
.Salomon, 25 feet 7 inches; P. J. Jarvis, 24 feet
6 inches.
Potato race— First prize, $2; second, $1.
The distance to be covered in this contest
measured 1530 feet and was won by X. Crone,
W. Mcßeth second and F. Adams third.
Married ladies' race— Flrbt prize, five-pound
box of tea; second prize, ten pounds beans.
Wun by Mr*. Nellie Burns; Mr*. O. J. Joly
second.
Egg and ladle race, for !adies— First, prize,
elegant box of candies; second prize, 100 vis
itiug cards. Mrs. Nellie Burns came in the
winner, wKh Mrg. U. J. Joiy second.
Sack race— First prize, one d zen bottles
■whisky; recond prize, box of cigur?. Parnell
and Empy won this race In the order men
tioned.
Obstacle race— First prizs. a sweater or pair
of bicycle bloomers maile to order; seco-.nl
prize, box of cigars. Empy was the winner,
Cornell seeohd.
Hop, step and jump— Prize, box ol cigars.
Won by Cornell.
Wrestling exhibition— R. B. Cornell vs. G.
Hilderbrandt of Olympic Club. This bout was
very spirited and intereming. Cornell won.
Four-round Doxine exhibition between
Joseph Keay and it. Ililbert. was lively while
it lasted.
The attendance at night was very large,
the Casino being crowded to its capacity
with Independent Foresters and their
friends, assembled to witness the enter
tainment that had been prepared for them
by the committee composed of Ben 8.
Solomon (chairman), L, A. K«rn, T. P.
Jarvis, O. J. Jolly and W. L. White. G.
A. McEifresh, the high chief ranger, de-
I livered an address, during which he gave
| a concise history of the order, its objects
j and beneficiary features, and what he said
i was loudly applauded. The following was
the programme presented:
Selection by the Venetian ladles' orchestra;
I vocal selections by lhe Knickerbocker quar
! tet— First tenor. D. M. Lawrence ; second tenor.
i (.M.Elliott: fir*t bass. 1). B. Crane: second
| bass, L. A. Larsen; violin solo (a) "Canzonetta"
i '(iodard), (b) "Znbatcado" (Surname;, Henry
I Larsen; whisthnK Rolo, Miss Cordle Wetjen;
i musical imitations, Milliaxu Masse It; "La
I Petite Rose," the California Magnet and Han
nah Davis (late of Loie Fuller's Company);
vocal solo, Mrs. LonUe Ilanien; three-round
boxing exhibition, members oi Olympic < Inh,
M. Hayes vs. D. Wnalen; 8. Carter v«. K. Sulli
van; wrestling bout — I. bpiro vs. D. M»hone>
of the O'rmpic ClnD; C. H. Miller v§. V. But-
I lor of the Olympic Club; Vincent White vs. J.
1 Peterson of the Columbia Club; blackened
! glove contest, C. Cathcart vs. F. Carter.
The entertainment as well as the sports
during the day were voted a success.
STBENGTH OF THE BRITISH ARMY
The Total of All the Britinh Imperial 1
Forces Is 22 1,000.
Recent returns show that the strength
of the British imperial forces at home and
abroad is very nearly 221,000 of all ranks,
exclusive of the army reserve, and thus
well in excess of the 219,955 provided foi
in the estimate of the year. Of the total
nearly 106,000 are at home, about 76,000 in
India, 4000 in Egypt, and the remainder
are distributed over the Mediterranean
garrisons and the colonies. At home
there are, in round numbers, 26.000 troops
in Ireland and 76,000 in Ireland and
Wales. Of the large force required in
India, the Bengal command has the
greatest nhare of the 76,000, having; some
24,000 British troops, whflse the Punjab
command has 26,000, Madras and Bunnah
14000, Bombay 16,000, and the remaidtr
to complete the total are on passage.
South Africa has latterly occupied the
services of a considerable number of im
perial troops, and there are still about
6000 men at the Cape and in Nnta! and in
tho territories which have recently been
the scene of trouble. The garrisons of
Gibraltar and Malta absorb over 14,000
men, the West Indies about 3000, the
West African colonies 1000, Hongkong
nearly 3000, the Straits Settlements 1500,
Ceylon rathar more and Mauritius 1000.
In Australia there are no imperial troops;
in the Canadian Dominion some 150 J. Of
all the foreicn military stations Cyprus
and St. Helena are the smallest, the for
mer having about 150 British troops and
the latter not 300. For the most of the
colonies the numbers include special local
corps of natives, as the Malta artillery, t lie
Ceylon artillery and engineers, the Hong
kong regiment and the West Indian regi
ment; but the great Indian native army
is, of course, additional to the 76,000 im
perial troops quartered in the great depen
dency. — Boston Transcript.
L.<-se Majeste.
A queer case of lese rnajeste was that of
Adolf Hamburger, in Aschaffenburg, Ba
varia. During a conversation in the
tailor-shop of bis father he made a rude
remark about crazy King Ouo. One of
those prasent was a deaf and dumb work
man, who, of course, did not hear this re
mark, bat who, noticing the look of con
sternation on the faces of the oihers, had
it transcribed for him on a piece of paper.
Several years pasted and nothing came of
it, until one day the deaf mute quarreled
with the son ot his employer, a..<i then
went and denounced him. The court
sent toe young man to jail for sij Mouths.
TO VENTURE OR
NOT TO VENTURE
Mrs. Dimond Again Consid
ers the Matrimonial
Problem.
A Two Years' Open Offer of tbe
Heart and Hand of Mr.
Briggs of Yokohama.
A Moonlight Flooded Deck, Inquisitive
Possengers and a Unique
Proposal.
"Once bit, twice shy," is the way Mrs.
Dimond sententiously sums up her latest
love affair, offering the trite old axiom as
her only excuse for keeping the "'dearest,
sweetest fellow in all the world" waiting
for the answer which is to make him the
happiest or most miserable of men.
The lair and buxom Carey is perturbed.
Her plans are indefinite and her opportu
nities many. Witli her it is the embar
rassment of riches. Should she decide to
continue to sail her craft on the turbulent
waters of a theatrical sea there is the Mon
tana angel awaiting to launch her on the
gay New World metropolis.
Should she desire to return to the home
of i.er girlhood, again does fortune smile
on her — her stepmother has recently
passed from this world ol care— and Mr.
Higley, her noble sire, stands ready to
welcome her to his heart, hearth ana
home. Last, but not least, there is a
handsome young Yokohama merchant
who is piayine and watching for her in
his Far Eastern home and who generously
lets his offer stand open for two years.
This latest romance of Mrs. Dimond
is quite the moat romantic of her not un
eventful life. It leads like a chapter of a
to-be-continued-in-our-next story, and
opens with that deligntful clause, "Once
1. 1 mi a time."
This is the way Mrs. Diraond tells it,
accenting the telling points witn rippling
laughter or deep sighs, just as the situa
tion demands.
''It was on my way down on the Coptic,
when I determined to go back and battle
for my rights. He was seated at ray left
at the purser's table, and incidentally our
conversation turned on lowa, its customs
and its people. 'Do you know any people
in Cedar Rapds?' he a=-kea. 'I passed
through there fifteen years ago and at
tended a wedding. One ol tha brides
maids was a little schoolgirl with the
merriest laush it has ever been the lot of
a poor mortal to hear. I have traveled
halt over the world to hear that laugh
once again.' I laughed— l could not help
it— and he recognized me. 'You are
Carey Hey ley,' he said, and from that mo
ment we became fast friends."
Mrs. Dimond tells of the tete-a-tetes
with only the pale moonlight shining en
the water to play ciiaperone, and of the
Yokohama merchant's growing interest
in the girl with the merry laugh.
"Then I told him all," satd Mrs. Di
mond, "or I should say, I gave him the
papers, in which the case was so widely
exploited, lie took them down to his
cabin end came no two hours later, hi-*
eyes red and swollen. 'You poor little
woman,' he said, 'I did not mean to
speak just yet, bat I must tell you what is
on my heart. First let me tell you, that
if it be best for you and your interest to
effect a reconciliation with Mr. Dimond
do so. If not, and you can see it in that
light, come out to me in Yokohama. 1
want you for my wife "
This unselfish declaration so touched
the sensitive heart of the iudy that it ap
pears it was only the inquisitive passen
gers on deck who kept her from flinging
her arms then and there about his n«ck.
And then he sailed away to his Far East
ern home. Each steamer brings to the
fair divorcee tender letters filled with
sugary speeches and devotion. Each one
concludes witn a wait and hope expres
sion, and Mrs. Dimond is seriously con
templating the giving to his care, in t!ie
near mture, her undivided attention.
The name of the chivalrous gentleman
Mrs. Dimond decided to keep to herself,
but in her enthusiasm it slipped out, and
it is just plain mid ordinary Briggs — Mr.
Brigga of Yokohama.
At present Mrs. Dimond Is sharing her
qutiters at a downtown hotel with Mrs.
Jennie Douglass— she of new-woman
fame, whose husband procured a divorce
recently on the ground mat she was too
p-ogresslve. She acts as a ch»erful anti
dote to Mrs. Dimond's frequent attacks of
the biues and is altogether, according to
her hostess' opinion, invaluable.
In the midst of all her cares and multi
tudinous plans Mrs. Dimond finds time to
think of her sisters in distress. "1 am so
sorry for Mrs. Abell," she said, "I will call
on her to-morrow."
RINGING THE BELL AND RUNNING.
A P*«tlme That Seeing to Be l'Unp
pearlng From the sport* of Youth.
"In the days when knockers graced the
house door," said Mr. Sioggleton, "the
small boy found sport in banging the
knocker and running. When bells came
in he yanked on the bell-pull and then
fled. Nowadays he mysteriously presses
the button, but the sport of calling people
to the door for nothing is not what it was,
and it seems probable that with the gen
eral introduction of the pusb-buiton it
will finally fall into decadence.
"There was some fun in pounding with
the door-knocKer, whose thunder rever
berated through tne hall and filled the
house, all of which you could hear your
self. And yon could ynnlc the bell- pull
out to the limit, causing the bell to fly
almost off the eprine; there was fun in
this. But there is no such fun in push
ing in a push-button. You can press that
in perhaps a quarter of an incn, aud that
is all you can do with it. Say you are in
the vestibule of a flat. Very likely you
don't hear the bell ring at all; it may be
that it is up three or four flights of stairs ;
you hear no sound. Nobody come* to the
door; you don't have to run. Possibly
the people whose bell you have rung may
press a button up there in the air some
where and you may bear the click of the
door-opener at your side, or they may not
do even that.
"It it dry fun ; not like th« old slambaing
knocker on the outside of the door, or the
bell-pull with the jingle bell right in the
hall."— New York Sun.
Doworigbt Destitution.
She was not a woman who could sac
suffering without wanting to give relief.
"1 think," s; c said to her husband,
"that something oagnt to be done for the
Barkers in the next block. I don't be
lieve the neigtibors realize how desper
ately poor they are."
'Why, I thought they were fairly well
off," he answered in surprise.
'Oh, dear, no," she explained. "They
have to endure all sorts of privations.
Why, they only have one bicycle in the
family, and even that is not a '97 wheel."
—Chicago Post.
An Illustration at Hand.
"Half the world," sagely observed Mr.
Billus, "never knows what the other half
is doing." : - .. v :
i "Thai's generally true," retorted Mrs.
Hill us, eying him; sharply, "as to the
better. half."— Chicago Tribune. ' "/:
■ '■''- — ' . * *.*.-. — : — " -
Advances made on furniture and pianos .with
vi wWiout remevaU Xtoouau, 1017-1V79 Mutton.
THE , EMPORIUM. j ; ! THE EMPORIUM. | THE EMPORIUM , i].^
The Emporium Will Be Closed
All Day Monday, May 31, Decoration Day.
jf Idatch /\
for our Starting \
iflimouncemeritin \
the morning papers i
Wl J M MM* M M (W
m ,/ ift/C/MMi/j /Mj
\ Tuesday, §
limp / 4°
kThe Emporium 0
NOVICES MADE
GOOD TARGETS
Heavy Batteries of the
Third Artillery in
Practice.
"Indirect Aiming" by Mians of
the Fange-Finder a Great .
Success.
A New Mechanical Apparatus for
Making Corrections for Wind,
Velocity, Etc.
The eight heavy batteries of the Third
Artillery stationed at Angel Island, Alca
traz, Fort Mason and the Presidio com-
Dleted their annual target practice with
the heavy rifled armament at the Presidio
on Friday. Each battery fired three
rounds from the 12-inch breech-loading
rifled mortar and three rounds from the
12-inch breech-loading steel rifle?. None
of the batteries had ever fired these guns
before, but for all that the targets made
were exceptionally good.
In th« mortars an 800-pound shell was
fired at ranges of 7200 and 5000 yard?.
For the former 70 pounds of brown pris
matic powder was used and for the short
range 45% pounds. For these ranges the
mortar is given an elevation between fifty
and sixty degress and the shot takes
nearly a minute in its fli»tJt through the
air. With the 70 pound charge the shell
starts with a velocity of nearly 1000 feet
a second and strikes witli a velocity of
about 100 feet less, but still quite sufficient
to penetrate the decks and bottom of uny
ship afloat. Grouped in batteries of six
teen and having a range of six miles
these mortars will prove most formidable
weapons.
The firing is done by electricily, but the
most interesting part is the aiming. As
the target it not in sight, what is called
'•indirect aiming" is resorted to. Observers
were stationed at Points Bonita and
Lobos, provided with an accurate instru
ment for measuring horizontal angle ll ,
something tike a large theodolite. These
angles were sent by telephone to the cen
tral station nt the mortar battery. These
angles were then plaited on a large chart
of the harbor, thus locating trie exact
position of the target. From this same
chart were taken the distance to the target,
and the exact angle at which the mortar
must be set to point toward the target.
By means of carefully computed range
tables, the elevation for the particular
range and initial velocity is then taken
out and the gun set.
At these long ranges, owing to the ro
tation of the shot in the air and the long
lima of its flight, the projectile swerves to
the right. If pointed direct at a target
7000 yards away the projectile would
strike at a point something over 400 yards
to the right of the target The proper al
lowance for this drift must be carefully
computed and applied in setting.
In a similar way the point where the
shot strikes is platted, and by measure
ments its exact deviation, right and left,
over and short, of the target becomes
Known. From theso data the proper cor
rections are made in the next shot.
The assumed target fur the mortars is
an imaginary rectangle on the water, 100
yards by 2u yards, representing the deck
of a ship. The bits are given different
values, according to their position in
this rectangle.
For the 12-inch rifle tha range was 6775
yards and two sized charges were used,
the larger of 360 pounds brown prismatic
powder made by tne California Powder
Works. The projectile weiehs 1000 pounds
and starts with the high velocity of 1725
feet a second. A 1000 yards this shot
would penetrate about twenty inches
of steel. Owing to the >low - burning
nature of the powder used in all heavy
ttuns the shock of discharge is much less
severe than :n many field pieces using
quick-burning powder. No inconvenience
was suffered by standing quite close to
the gun during discbarge.
The target was a spar buoy located be
yond the outer heads. The general
method of locating the target and plat
ting the shots was the same as in the mor
tar firing, ns at that range the target is
indistinguishable; but in addition use
was made of me Lewis range-finder aud
the Rafferty relocator recently installed.
The range-finder, by simply pointing a
telescope at the object, gives at a glance
its true direction and distance. These are
then mechanically transformed by the re
locator into the corresponding elements
for the particular gun-firing.
The shots are platted on a vertical target
210 feet by 35 feet, representing the side of
a man-of-war. A large proportion of the
shots fell close to the spar buoy, and
nearly all would have hit a vessel an
chored in that position.
For tiring the rifle a new piece of appa
ratus, devised by Captain Pratt, Third
Artillery, commanding Fort Mason, was
successfully used. This machine me
chanically makes the necessary correc
tions for wind velocity, etc., and the ret
suiting elevation for the gun is read off a,
a glance. It thus saves much computing
and is certain to ba adopted by the ar
tillery.
ONE NAME FOR BROADWAY
A Plan to Make a Single Thoroughfare
of It From Bowling Green tv Yoaken,
Incidental to the proposition now pend
ing to construct a bridge across the Spuy
ten Duyvil Creek at Kingsbridge in place
of the present footbridge there is a move
ment to drop the various names given to
parts of Broadway. It forms a continuous
thoroughfare from Bowling Green to the
Yonkers line and it is proposed to give the
title Broadway to the wholej of it. At
present it is Broadway to Fifty-ninth
street, Mien it becomes the Boulevard as
far a? One Hundred and Seventieth strett,
from there to ISpuyten Duyvil '-'reek it is
the K-ingsbridge road and in the Twenty
fourth Ward it anain becomes Broadway.
"When, how and why the chief business
thoroughfare of the Greater New York
was first called "Broadway" is one of the
mysteries of Gotham. It is not broad,
and many other streets, the Bowery con
spicuously, are better entitled to sucb a
designation. Originally, in fact, in old
New Y'orlr, lower Broadway was called
lleerc straa. Afterward the northern
portion was called Great George street,
under the English rule, and tho extreme
upper Broadway was called Bloomingdale
road. In the early part of the century
Broadway had alencth of about two miles
only, the lower half being paved.
On either side of it were dwelling-houses
of brick, and it i? one of the distinctions
of Broadway that the first sidewalk con
structed in New York was built on it be
tween Vesey and Murray streets. The
early chronicles of Broadway's growth
seem to the present generation of New
Yorkers somewhat remarkable, for at
what was called Anthony street Broadway
plunged sharply into the Canal street val
ley, between Fresh. Water Pond and the
Lispenard Meadows, and at what is now
Astor place Broadway ceased, being
crossed at this point by the wall of the
Randall farm. This wall put a stop tem
porarily to the growth of Broadway, bui
the removal of the obstacle was only a
part improvement, for many years arter
'■.'■•. ' ' ' HEW TO^PAT. '. • ' . . ' -
Can You 35
Remember, lUii^^m
Sweetheart ? IST Xjjt
Ah, Ha! Why, of course.
(^Xllßl' JACKSON 5c
»WbL SQIARE Cigar.
\\ illf>i\ And they>re a " that ' s claimed for 'em
vH 101 too, and that's a good deal.
"\ tL 1^ They're strictly Cuban hand-made, full
THEY'RE A TWENTIETH CENTURY SMOKE.
RINALDO BROS. & CO., nS!™5
■, ;. ' :■'■:.■ cjoast AGENTS.
ward the upper part of Broadway, north
ol Thirty-fourth street, was widened, and
the proceedings not only consumed much
time, but also entailed cost and litigation.
The extension of Broadway across the
Spuyten Duyvil Creek line by the con
struction of the bridge at Kingsbridge, in
the annexed district, is part of the local
improvements which are incident to the
construction of the Harlem River ship
canal. For several years work has been
going on there and the channel has been
greatly improved. The work is under the
direction ot tbe chief engineer of the
United States army. The project of
making a navigable connection between
the Hudson River took Bhape more than
twenty years ago, a survey of the route
having been made in 1874.
The first appropriation wru made in
1878. and plan* for the work were com
pleted in 1875). Up to July 1 last the total
expenditure on the Harlem shiy> canal
Wae $1,000,000 of the estimated cost of
$2,700,000, but the bridge, which, it is ex
pected, will aid in the development of
Upper Broadway, is not to be paid for
from this lund, but by the city of New
YorK under bond issues authorized by the
Legislature for bridses.
Broadway may not be, technically, a
broadway, but the amount of business
done on it continues to be larger than that
done on any other Btreet in. the United
States, probably. It is one of the duties
of the Board of Aldermen to supervise the
street names, and the attention of its
members libs been invited to Upper Broad
way. — New York Sun.
Hard Times for the Rich.
Alas for Dives! whom every reformer
wanti to reform, whom every Socialist
wants to strip, whom every Populist wants
to loot, whom every demagogue wants to
fatten on and every promoter and philan
thropist and college president and trustee
of school or hospital cr museum to "In
terest." Alas for him! Tnere was an
Attlla who was a scourge and a Charles
who was a hammer. Our Dives is neither,
but a far milder thing — a pocket. Every
rascal tries to dip into him; good men
warn him 'hat he should relax his strings ;
bad men threaten to rip him up, and in
the Intervals between assaults his own
conscience warns him that he has far
more than bis proper share of tbis worlds' s
goods. He is not happier in tbis
world than most of us, and for the world
to come the scripture gives him only
slight encouragement to hope for
better times. What shall we say to him?
Not much — there is nonod; he talk to
himself. But what we do say, let us say
to him directly ana let it be comforting —
if possible. Let him try to be honest.
That Is ail. — Scribner's Magazine.
A New York woman has invented a hat
hox which will prevent the crushing ot
the hats when in transit. It consists of a
box having removable outer covers, the
inner covers having holes into which the
hatcrowns fit and the box being filled with
a springy material to hold the bats rigid
in iheir places.
910
THE LATEST NEWS NOTES OF
CHURCHES AROUND THE CITY
The Commencement Exercises of the San Francisco
Bible and Training School to Take Place
Tuesday Evening.
MAJOR WINCHELL TO
SPEAK.
Rev. M. Tai Speaks to the Jap
anese Episcopal Mission
Tc-Day.
THE KINDERGARTEN Mlf-
SION.
Preise Service at St. Path's Episco
pal Church This Even
ing.
The Rev. Mr. M. Tai is in this City and
will to-dny spenk to the Japanese Episco
pal Mission on Pins street. Mr. Tai is
considered one of the most brilliant ora
tors Japan possesses. He speaks very
little English. For ths past two or three
y^ars he has been in the East studying
the methods of the church in America.
The closing exerciM s of the Sunday and
Hebrew aay school children of the First
Hebrew Congregation will take piace at
the synagogue this evening.
The commeiiComent exercises of the San
Francisco Bible and Training School will
be held Tuesday evening, June L, 1597, at
7:45 o'clock, at Howard-street M. E.
REV. M. M. TAI, Who Will Address the Japanese Episcopal
Mission en Pine Street Tc-Day.
Church. The following programme will
do Rim:
Organ voluntary. Professor Martin Schultz;
hymn, 679; responsive rending, led' be J. N.
Beard, D.D. ; prayer. J. W. Phe.p*, D.D. ; hymn,
(tune 80y15t0n),"573: ay, '-Child Life and i
Christ Lile," Carrie E. Phillips; mandolin and '
cuitar duet, Jenson. Brothers; essay, "A More i
Excellent Way," Ella M. Holbrook; solo,
Augusta Jantzen; annual address, "Prepara
tions for Service." Rev. G. V. Fisher, San Jose;
violin solo, selected, Susie M. Blair; con
ferring diplomas, S. J. Carroll, D.D. ; benedic
tion. W. W. Oas?, D.D. A reception in parlors
to Rev. F. V. Fisher, graduates-and class will
follow, to which all are invited.
There •Rill be a praise service at St. Paul's
Episcopal Church on California street, be
tween Fillmore and Steiaer, this evening.
F. Katzenbach. organist and director.
Monday the Decoration day demonstration
given by the Salvation Army will take place. !
The Kindergarten Mission opens to-day at 3 j
p. m. at 027 Mission street, opposite the Mint, j
There will also be evening services .and Rev. ]
Dr. Ford will preach every evening for one !
week.
Ensign Lewis of the mercy box department ]
expects. to make a phonograph trip to Hum- j
boldt County in a few days.
Tuesday evening, Jnne 8, tne Christian En
deavor Society of the Central M. E. Church
will hold a reunion and social at the church to i
arrange for entertaining visiting societies dur
ing the convention.
Friday evening. June 4. the Junior Society
or Christian Endeavor of Central M.E. Cnurcii
will give an entertainment and social for the
benefit of the church improvement fund.
Tuesday evening, June 15, ihe King's
Daughters of Central M. K. Church will give
a moonlight gurrien party at the residence of
Mr. and Mrs. W. B. Wetmore," 822 Shotwell
street. .
On Tuesday evening, June 1, a strawberry
and ice-cream festival will be given at the
Mrst Christian Church by the Ladies' Aid So
ciety. . ■
All the members of the Grand! Army will
worship this evening at Central M. E. Church.
Bishop Nichols will; on Wednesday of this
week, ordain to the diaconate the first class
of the Divinity School in San Mateo.
On Monday evening, the 7th of June, the
ladies of the Third Baptist Church will hold a
ball social. All the decorations will be bells.
The morning services at the First Baptist
church will be given up to the celebration of
the forty-sixth anniversary of the Sunday
school. In the evening the Young People's
Society will have ci.arge ot the services.
Rev. and Mrs. Boy nton ' of ; the First Baptist |
church are spending their vacation in San
Jose.
Tuesday evening the members of the First
Baptist Church will take an excursion from
Boston to San Francisco. Refreshments will
be served on the road.
Ensign Day, who has for several years been
the assistant editor of. the War Cry, will l>.ave
here and take charge of the work.in Pasndena.
Ensign and Mrs. Bourne, who have been in
charge of the Prison Gale Farm in Contra
Costa County, have been transferred to the
rsitrht of the army works in Sonoma
County. Their headquarter* will be at Napa.
Captain Simpson is succeeding them at the
farm.
Major Winchell speaks this evening at the
First Christian Church. His subject will per
tain to the great colonization scheme. .
Colonel Holland left, for the East on the
evening of May 25. He is greatly in love with
California and Caiifoi-niars.
Ensign Wood of the Poor Men's Institute in
Sun Francisco Is down in Salinas and Mon
terey counties inspecting land that may. be
useo for sugar-beet larming in connection
with the colonization scheme.
Captain Robert Fields has farewelled from
Sacramento to take an appointment in the
social work in San Francisco.
Lieutenant Nickersonof the social depart
ment was promoted by Colonel Holland to the
rank of captain during the colonel's visit to
San Francisco.
It is reported that A. B. Cobb of Springfield,
111., will be in Stockton this week to begin
work as a preacher for the Church of Christ in
that city. - -
Rev. lir. Adams of the First Congregational
Church will leave the City this week for his
vacation, whim he expects to spend in St.
uouls and vicinity. His pulpit will be sup
plied during his absence by ttie Rev. J. P.
O'Brien ol that city.
Kabbi Fnedlander intends taking a trip East
during his vacation, which commences in
June.
The entertainment given by the Longfellow
Club for the benefit ol Rev. Mr. Linczer, minis
ter of the Beth Jacob Congregation of Oakland,
at Native Sons' Hail last Tuesday evening was
a success in every respect. The programme
\tks under tue direction of Prof-.'ssor Benno I.
Barnett, ana was very much enjoyed by a
!art;e aud appreciative audience.
Tue sacrament of confirmation will be ad
ministered at. St. Mary's Cathedral by his
• iraee Archbishop Riordan ou Pentecost Sun
day, June 6.
On Tlumday afternoon and evening, June
;(, a Mikado reception will be given in aid of
St. Chines' Church at the home of Mr. and
Mrs. Thom.-u R. Banneriuan, 3432 Twentieth
Street The affair will be under the auspices
of the choir and the Rending Circle of St.
Charles' parish. Tickets have been placed at
$1 each.
The cU'S?ng exercises of Notre Dame College,
San Jose, will take place Tuesday morning
next, June 1, at half-past 9 o'clock.
The Le -.gue of thtv Cross Cadets are actively
preparing lor their first annual regimental
encampment, wincli will be held at Petaluina
during the week beginning Saturday, July 17.
Rev. Clement Siolouy lias been appointed
secretory to Right Key. Bishop Montgomery nt
Los Angeles.,
Tne senior branch of the Rosarian Society of
Si. Dominic's Church will hold Its regular
monthly meeting io St. Dominic's Hall, Pine
street, near Steiner, on Friday evening, June
4. The officers of the society are Rev. C.
Clancy, director; Cornelia Farrell, president;
S iraii Gibbons, vico-president; Louise S".urla,
secretary; May Ballinger, treasurer, aud May
Duraiud, mar»hal.
Compn-nv A, League of the Cross Cadets,
wiU hold McmoriKl Day services at Holy Cross
cemetery, Monday afternoon, commencing at
2 o'clock, over the grave of their deceased
comrade, Private Hugh E. Meehan. A monu
ment to the memory of Private Meehan will be
unveiled on this occasion. An address will be
eiveu by R- v. Philip O'Ryan, and selectious
by the Company A Glee Clnb.
A compauy of the League of the Cross Cadets
will be organized next Tuesday evening at
old St. Mary's College Church.
Rev. Jerome B. Hannigan win preach the
sermon at tbe late mass at St. Mary's Cathe
dral this morning and Rev. Edward P. Demp
pey will deliver the evening discourse after
vespers.
WINE MEN TO MEET.
They Desire to Uphold the Schedule of
the Dingley Bill.
The following address has been issued
to the associated wine industries of Cali
fornia:
Under a general classification of the associ
ated wine industries of California, consisting
of growers, mater* and merchant?, there has
been a petition circulated throughout the
State memorializing our representatives in
: Congress to vote and work for the wine BChed
| ule of the Dingley bill. By its provisions the
i duties on wine are raised from 30 cents a gal
lon on dry wines of 14 degrees alcohol, and 50
: cents a gallon for swoet wines currying 24 de
! grees of spirits, to 60 Cents a gallon on all
I wine*, with a reciprocity clause of 10 cents a
| gallon to such c mntrles "as the President may
i de»m entitled to concessions.
The Senate committee amended this iched
ule alter it had passed the House so as to re-
I tain the old Wilson-Gorman tax of 30 and 50
cents, and unless prompt action is taken it is
likely to become a law. The Associated Wine
Industries have a committee on tariff legisla
tion consisting of Henry W. Crabb, Charles
Bundschu. John Swett, Percy T. Morgan, P. C.
I Rossi, Frederick Jaoobi and Edward Frowen
feld, who have had charge of the petition re
cently forwarded. They have decided to issue
a call for a meeting to take place in the Cham
ber of Commerce, San Francisco, on Friday
morning, June 4, at 11 o'clock, to lake imme
diate action on the proposed Senate amend
ment. Judge John A. Stanly will preside,
and It is the intention to telegraph suitable
resolutions to Washington and perform such
other work as mny be necessary to protect the
$.~><>,ooo,ooo invested in vineyards in Call
loruia.
It is of the utmost Importance that there
should be prompt and vigorous action taiceu,
as tne Senate amendment is not only uuiair to
tbe producers, but is unjust to the whole peo
ple." In the wine districts of France the aver
' age wages paid to labor is from one and a half
to three francs a day, the laborer boarding
himself except his lunch. In California the
price Df labor for the name work is from 75
losl a ( ay and board. In this connection it
Mii.uld Oe remembered that interest on money
in California is from 7 to 10 prr cent per
annum, while in France, Germany and Italy
capital does not command more than 3 or 4
per cent per annum. It should also ba noted
that Germany charges an import duty of $1 95
per case for w! nes brought irito the coumry in
Klass. The duty in Italy is $1 44 a case, w hlle
i France ct>llec:s the same impost on all wines
I above ten and nine-tenths degrees of alcohol
that she doe< on pure spirits.
The proposed schedule discriminates un
justly in isvor of foieign wines es against
foreign whUkies and brandies. The duty of
50 cenisa gallon on sweet wines carrying 24
deg. of alcohol is much less in proportion
th«n the duty on spirits of 50 deg. Proof
spirits pays $2 25 per gallon of 50 deg , which
is more than double the amount charged for
sweet wines of relative decree. It also en
courages adulteration, because ordinary Cali
fornia wines carry about 11% deg. of alcohol.
An importer can eafc.iy bring in wines forti
fied to 24 deg., pay 50 cants a gallon duty oa
it and then "str<.-tch" it into gallons of claret
or ot.ier taole wine*.
Tne contention that a lower rate of duty
will stimulate Importation and increase the
revenue is rot susceptible of proof. Uuder
the McKinley tariff, which imposed the same
duty us the Dingley schedule, the importation
of wines into the United Sta'es \n 1893 was
3,354,078 gallons, while in 1896 under me
Wusun bill, whicn lowered the duty to 30
cents per eallon, the importation was 2,768.
--485 gallons, netting a lons of more than a
Quarter of a million dollars in revenue aud
allowing a de< reuse of a million dollars in the
amount ot wine impor.'id. By order of the
commute, HenkyW. Crabb, Chairman.
Per F. £. Wait, Acting Secretary.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 30, 1897.
BOY PEDDLERS
WHO ARE SAUCY
Persistently Violate the Or
dinance Passed Last
Year.
They Show Their Contempt by
Tearing Down the Signs
"No Peddlers."
Numerous Complaints Received by the
Police From Residents All Over
the City.
The police have received numerous com
plaints of late from residents in the West
ern Addition and Mission against fruit
and vegetable peddlers, and a vigorous
effort will be made to arrest some of
them and make an example of them.
In July last year the Supervisors were
compelled to pass an ordinance making it
a misdemeanor for peddlers to solicit cus
tom from a house where a sign "No Ped
dlers" was placed in a conspicuous posi
tion. A violation of this ordinance is
punishab.e by a fine not exceedine $100,
with the alternative of six months' im
prisonment.
The ordinance also enacted that each
peddler had to wear a badge with a num
ber on the front of his hat, but this was
repealed in October last year.
The ordinance was passed in view of
complaints against peddlera who annoyed
peop'e by persistently ringing the door
bells and others who made peddling a pre
text for robbing houses when the occu
pants were in the country or temporarily
absent downtown.
Peddlers are now openly violating the
ordinance by ringing the doorbells of
I houses where a sign "No Peddlers'' is con
spicuously displayed, and in numerous
cases have, to show their contempt .or it,
torn away the sign and thrust it under
neath the front door.
When remonstrated with by the ladies
o! the house the peddlers, who are as a
rule boys ranging from 15 to 20 years of
age, hre guiity of the grossest imperti
nence. There are generally from three to
five boys with a wa<;on, and one after the
other will go to the same house ana ring
the bel), although the first was told noth
ing was wanted.
Petty thefts are also reported, and the
police beiieve that some of the boy ped
dlers are responsible for them.
Last summer and fall a large number of
daylight burglaries were committed by
men peddling potatoes and other articles,
and several of them who were captured
are now serving terms in the penitentiary.
M«ny bouses are at present closed, the
occupants being at the summer resorts,
and special precautions are being taken
by the police to prevent a repetition of
the numerous daylight burglaries of last
year.
SOUTH ENDS SUE ACMES.
Demand the Price of a Barge
That Was Burned in
Oakland.
History of the Long Controrersy
Between the Tw. Organizations
Ov r the Boat.
A complaint filed Friday in the Jus
tices' Court by the South End Rowing
Clnb and again-t the Acme A hietic Club
of Oakland has created quite a stir in
athletic circles.
The facts of the case, as related by a
member of tbe South Ends, are substan
tially as follows:
In April, 1895, the Souih End Rowing
Club arranged a regatta on the bay, with
a view of reawakening interest in aquatic
sports, and proposed to some of the lead
ing athletic clubs that they enter crews in
the races, and offered to these clubs the
use of their b athonse and boats. The
Olympic, St. Mary's College and Acme
clubs accepted the proposition.
Tne Olympics and St. Mary's trained
from the boathouse of the South Ends,
but the Acme Club requested the South
Ends to allow them to take a boat to Oak
land so that their crew could train at
home. Accordingly the South Ends de
livered to the Acme Club the four-oared
barge Jamea A. Garfield, with all neces
sary equipments. The Acme Club signed
an agreement to take proper care of the
boat and return it after the races on May
30, 1895, in as good order as it was when
delivered to them. About a month after
the delivery of the boat to the Acme Club
the University boathouse, where the boat
was kept by the Acmes, burned to the
ground and the barge Garfield was totally
destroyed. The then secretary oi the
Acme Club, J. P. Cook, officially in
formed the South End Rowing Club of the
matter and requested that a committee be
appointed to meet a committee from the
Acme Club and place a valuation on the
boat. Tne Acmes rowed in the regatta.
After the races on May 30, 185J5, com
mittees were appointed from both clubs,
but were unable to agree upon a price.'
Other committees were appointed with a
like result. Finally it was agreed to ap
point arbitrators, one from each club, and
the two so appointed, in case of disagree
ment, to choose a third. The decision was
to be final and binding on both clubs.
The Acme Club appointed Henry Tank
and the South Ends Wiiliam Thomas.
They settled upon a price, but the Acme
Club refuted to stand by Tank and the
agreement. Numerous committees have
since been appointed, but their efforts
have been fruitless.
Finally Mr. Allen, the president of the
Acme Club, made the announcement that
tbeAcme Club was not legally responsi
ble and that it would not pay one cent to
the South Ends. He stated that bis club
was not responsible, because the boat was
not borrowed by his club, but by a few
irresponsible members, and that there was
nothing on the minutes of the Acme Club
in relation to the matter.
This refusal led to the action brought
yesterday, which was for $299 and costs.
TIRED OF WORKING.
Young Cartnglla Bettered 'to Have
Drowned Himself.
H. Caringlia, a youth of 17 years, in the
employment of 'A. Paladini Co., fish,
dealers in the Epreckels Market, has been
missing since last Tuesday. He was last
seen on the steamboat going to Eausalito
on that day. . _. : .
Yesterday morning the following note
was found ;in the drawer of the desk in
Pa ! ad ini's office: .., ,i ;
' Dear Papa and Mamma: If you want my
body you will fina It in the bed of the ocean
Yours truly. :v ; H. Cakinglia. ■
Please deliver to my family. Yous truly,
1 H.C.
The note was brought to the Coroner's
office yesterday.; The ;.• boy's i parents say
that be was a very pood son ; that he was
not cruelly, treated and that be gave his
mother every cent of hit wages.
__^ raw TO-DAT L -~~~~-
WbWtijif HE S^YS ftBOUT
The popular dentifrice known as
Vanßuskirk's Sozodont contains
; ingredients that will prove of the
greatest utility to the health of
the mouth and teeth.
: 6. F. J. COLBURN, D.D.S.,
I Author of " Popular Dentistry."
T A sample of Sozodont for three cents. r
P.O. 80x 247, X. Y. City.
HALL <fc RUCKEL -' . .
NEW tork Proprietors LONDON .
V y —
ARE YOU
PAYING THE PENALTY
FOR VIOLATING
NATURE'S LAWS OF HEALTH?
NATURE'S LAWS ARE AS IMMUTABLE AS
the stars in their courses. A violation of
these laws entails heavy penalties. This, is
particularly true when an attempt is made to
infringe upon those natural laws of health
that experience has taught us we should
strictly observe if we would enjoy perfect
physical and mental heilth, strength and
vigor. Many people are fully conversant with
these general laws of nature and many are
not, but a knowledge or lack of knowledge on
the subject seems to cut but little figure in
preventing the majority of mankind from
burning the candle at both ends. He who fol-
lows 'his rash course must in the end pny the
penalty, for nature is an exacting paymaster
and demands lull compensation for all viola- !
tions of her 'aw*. The most frequent exam- j
pies met with in every day life that illustrate
the futility of attempting to run counter to
nature are those afflicted with that baneful
disease,
NERVOUS DEBILITY. SiStS&
I to an alarming extent in this country, it is
brought on mainly through youthful indis-
cretions, excessive indulgences, mental worry
and anxiety, etc. It unfits its victims for all
business pursuits, for continuous application
to any kind of work and /or social duties. Its
effects are so far-reaching that no pen can fitly
describe the miseries endured by those who
suffer from this dread disease. There are a
multitude of symptoms, that give unerring
notice of the existence of Nervous Debility.
Some of the most pronounced 01 these, symp-
toms are : Weakness of body and. mind, brain
dullness, loss of memory, a wandering mind,
lack of energy and confidence, pains in the
head and back, dimness of vision, discontent,
despondency, an aversion to society, dread of
impending danger, dizziness, etc - Happily,
however, those who are afflicted with this
disease, even in its most azerayated form, are
not without hope. They can be cured. There
is ■vt^'.v.
A SHORT AND SURE ROUTE TO
HEALTH AND STRENGTH.
You can find it and take advantage of it by
consulting this eminent specialist, Dr.
Sweany. He can and will restore you to
health. He will, by his treatment, endow
every organ of the body with new life, aad
cause them to perform their. functions prop- I
erly. Mental brightness, manly visor and
muscular strength will return, and you can
then say to all the world, "I am a man," and
there will be no one who can gainsay your
assertion.
DCMCMDCD that in Pacing: yourself
iILmCITI under the care and treat-
ment oi Dr. tiweany you are availing yourself
of the skill and ability of one of the greatest,
most famous and most learned specialists in
the country. He is a physician win se rare at-
tainments have earned for him an enduring
name and fame in the medical world. HE I
HAS FOR TEN YEARS PAST BEEN ENGAGED
IN THE PRACTICE OF HIS PROFESSION IN
THIS CITY. His success is attested by thou-
sands, whose unsolicited written testimonials
tell in eloquent language of cures little less
than miraculous that have been wrought by
this shining light in the medical world
The secret of Dr. Sweany's success is easily
told. His constant study and research have
enabled him to perfect a system of treatment
that is original and effective. Each individual
case Is most carefully diagnosed, and a special
line of treatment for the same is followed.
It is an old and trite saying that "one man's
medicine is another's poison," «nd realizing
fully the truth of this, Dr. Sweany has found
from long experience that the only successful
method of treating patients is to prescribe lor
each one separately, according to his or her
needs. It is absurd to assume that any one
remedy will fit all cases, and it is due to the
fact that Dr. Sweany prescribes for each pa-
tient what he knows that his or her case de-
mands that he succeeds in curing where others
fail.
Dr. Sweany' does not confine his practice
to any one branch of the healing art, but treats
with unbounded skill aid success Women's
Diseases, Catarrh, Diseases of the Head,
Throat, Lungs. Heart, Stomacn, Liver and
Bowels ; also • Diseases ■of • the ■ Kidneys, : Con-
tagious Bio id Poisoning, Special Diseases of
every description, Rupture. Uydrocele, Vari-
coceie, Inflamed Glands, etc v
U/RITP Those living away from the City
"111 I Ci who wish to avail themselves of
Dr. Hweauy s professional services , should
always write an unreserved history of their
cases, giving every detail in plain language.
He will then render them FREE such advice
as he deems will be of benefit .to them.
INFORMATION FREE. $.«!"«
Jtieaitu, a treatise on nil the organs and their
diseases. Free on application. Call or write.
F. L SWEANY, M. D.
737 Market Street,
Opposite the Examiner Office,
SAN. FRANCISCO. CAIi. . , ,
Summer Resorts
...... "MONTE VISTA."
rPHIS MOST PoptTLAK RI-.sORT IN THE
x ' Sierra Fines" opens June 1 and Is reached by
ToorduUr train*. Sena lor descriptive circular to
wits. c. K. KINNKY, Monte Vina, Dutch Flat
station, Cal.,
LOVKLY LOMOKI>, -.-
XT AYE YOU CUOSKN A PLACE FOR THE
J-s. summer outing?. Have 'yon thought of Ben
Lomond, l i Santa Cruz Mountains? It is beautl-
iuj, bea tufoi. accessible Land and homes for
sale. Houses, cottages and camping sites for rent.
Write or tall BE_NJ. LLOYD, >en:Lomoad, CaL
AUI'ACAMENTK HOTKL,
-T». Sonoma Valley— 2 boors from 8-F., via Tibu-
ron ferry,.. Warm minvral swimming and tun
oains. Hotel cemp etely * remodeled and refur-
nished. « a er.Kus, electric bells. Ka:esslotosi2
XK r u "r'vn'' i:!|)erda y- Address AGUA CAUKNiK
briUMib, \agaa Calient*, Sonoma County, Cal.
&&%:■■' iSfftZ ■ f £ n _/-M'&.-^r\**.&< /^«sP»iT»** '4J&* 4 *'*'lrr^ &Wtos^*Bs'&*
— c ' ~rSs«si_j_- *^
BARTLET I***********
**— "SPRINGS
Addition to Dlning-Room.
New Hotel Cottages.
Accommodations Greatly Increased.
HOTEL AND COTTAGES COMPLETELY
renovated. The cuisine is perfect.
Resident Physician. Advice as to
Use o' Waters Free.
Swimming Tank,. Mineral Tub, Vapor and
Roman Baths. Competent Masseurs.
ONLY RESORT KEEPING PAID
ORCHESTRA.
Dancinsr, Tennis, Bawling, Billiards, Cro-
quet, lianabail, Shuffle-boards. Livery and
Burros.
RATES— HoteI and hotel cottages, $10 to
$15 per week; house-Keeping cottages, $3 to
ijjti per week.
Cell or address BARTI.ETT SPRINGS CO..
22 Fourth street, San Francisco, or H. 'R.
WARNER, Bartlett Springs, Lake County, Cal.
Pamphlets mailed free. ■ .
TTfimPT
P&i VENDOME
" — . San Jose, Cal.
mHIS BEAUTIFUL. HOTEL IS TOO WELL
x and favorably known :o require extended men-
tion here as a charming sun resort, access-
ible, homelike, and even- department in willing
and efficient hands. Write for rates and illus-
trated souvenir.
GEO. P. SNltXIi,
Manager.
SEA BEACH HOTEL,
SANTA CKCZ, CAL..
California's favorite resort.
Located on a (lowering slope from the bescb.
. Unsurpassed view of
teach. Bay ■ and Mountain! .
SALMON FISHING.
Tennis Court, Croquet Grounds and Music,
Reasonable Bates. .
For t«rras address
JOHK T. SULLIVAN, Manager.
&oK<. Li. §>J^2A*V9'?>.CaS..
U-ALIFORNIA'S MOST ENJOYABLE "RE-
sort" ; noted for Its Curative Powers of th«
springs. Best equipped ..Mineral Baths in Lake Co.
Rates to suit all. Also finest facilities for camp-
Ing. For particulars apply to F. MAKTKNs,
Prop., Bachior P. 0., Lake County, Cal.. or in San
Francisco at 416 Pine st. I'KA. KA. BU-SK.
THE GEYSERS,
Sonoma Co. 6 Hours from San Francisco.
ONE OF NATURE'S WONDERS.
Grandest scenery. Tie hotel an enchanting em-
bowered home. New Bathhouse, Tennis-court, etc.
NATURAL SIEAM AM) MINERAL
BATHS.
Tepid Swimming Lake. New and Inviting trails to
interesting points. Table unsurpassed.
J. B. HORTON, Manager.
JEW UKLMW) MINERAL SPRINGS.
LAKE COUNT*.
THE GREATEST HEALTH-GIVING WATER
In America. Specific for ail stomach, liver,
kidney ana bladder troub'es. 'New hotel, new ,
management. Terms. 1 $8 to $10 per week. For
panic vi. address W. K. Mc.iOVKRN, Kelsey-
vii:e Lake to., or DR. McGOVEKN, 1577 Fol-
Horn street, San Franci3io. " ':■'.'.-■ *
UfllimHH SPRINGS, ; -
HOWARD LAKE COUNTY,
TTNDEK THE ABLE SUPERVISION OF MRS.
U i> H. BEKB ' . Accommodations strictly
first-class.' Bates $10 and 112: - special terms to
famil P. O. and telephone. Hcuud trip *10. S.
P. office, 613 Market st. Address
J. WALLACE SPA.ULDINQ, Mgr.
LAUREL DELL,
"PLEASANTLY LOCATED ON LAUREL DELL
X Lake; new dining-room, new livpry stable, It
Is now one of the most attractive outing places in
Lake County. Kates Bto $12 per wee*. Boating
and bathing free. . Brine your bathing suits. Ad-
dress H. WAMBOLD, .bertha P. P., Late V.0., Cai.
UKIAH STABLES.
WH. MILLER, '. PROPRIETOR, STATE
. street, adjoining Palaoe Hotel. Stage for
Blue Lakes. Laurel 1 ell, S=aratoea Springs, Upper
Lake and Vichy t-prings. Best of care taken of
transient stock. : Good- wagons . fur : commercial
men and tourists., . . ...
SIMMER BOARD, SANTA CRUZ MTS.
APLt' AHA NT, HOMELIKE RESORT; ' KLK-
A pant climate, fishing, bunting and scenery;
low price. of W.T. TROMBLY, Gilroy.
Terms of W. T. TBOMBLT, Gilroy.
ALPINE HOUSE.
} WISHING AND HUNTING HKADQUAR-
J ters; livery stable connected: in the vicinity of
Big Basin; streams alive with trout; mountains
full of game. Write ABEE & MONTAoUtt,
Boulder Creek. Santa Crn« county.
ORR HOT SPRINQS,
1 4 MIL'S FROM. UKIAH. FINK FISHING
1 4- and hnntltir.- Baths »re«. > Water sure cure for
rheumatism' and * all skin diseases. Round trip,
$!. 60. Board. $; per week, fJ. H. ORK, Orr Post
office, Mendoclno County, Cal.  ; . ' . .
GLENBROOK,
ONE OF THE MOST CHARMING RESORTS
.in the state. * Fine scenery, hunting and fish-
ing. Excellent table. .For 1 circulars and further
Information address O. W. R. TRKDWAY, viien-
brook, Lake County, Cal. v - >• .• r '- ■■■ ?'
AURORA SPRINGS HOTEL.
i~ILOVKKD.-'.l*:, SONOMA : county : FIRST-
V class hunting and trout streams; fresh milk,
butter, egg i and vegetables; tents ;if desired;
terms $7 . per week. : Address D. T. GILLIaM,
Cloverdale. : ' ," . :.- -. "- .'-: ' •- . ' ' :
BURLINGAME.
FOR RKSI AND COMFORT. REASONABLE
prices, . Address^HHS^SU? IH ™ F 4 >l N MM<l * lIIR WSf
IRA G. H>ITT. ... .
Burllugame, San Mateo Cou n ty, Cai.
HIGIILAD SPRINGS,
LAKE COUNTY, CAL.,
On the Border of Clear Lake.
OPEN EVERY DAY IN THE YEAR
r-
New hotel erected this spring. Lighted by Elec-
tricity. Hnest illnlutr-room north of San Fran-
cisco. The greatest variety of mineral springs In
America. Waters unsurpassed for health or j
pleasure. Ba:hlug, boating-, bunting and fishing; |
swimming tank, dancing, lawn tennis, croquet,
billiards, bowling, etc.
TAKK ST.\OK ATPIETA, SHORTEST AND
BEST ROUTE TO ALL POINTS IN LAKE CO.
Round trip from San Francisco $8.
Rates $10 to $16 per week. • -
J. CRAIG. Manager
S. F. Office— 3l6 Montgomery st. '
SANTA CATALIM ISLAM!
SEASON OF 1897. .
Greatest Attractions in the West.
Charming ciimhte, wonderful nsnral attrac-
• tions, famous fishing and wild goat shooting. The
Dew scenic ride frnm the ocean to Middle Ranch.
Splendid coaches, famous Western drivers. De-
llghtfu: coast 'XcrrsioDs. Novel outdoor sports.
Grand coacerts every day. Dancing. Pyrotechnic
displays, wa.er Carnivals, etc '
Hotel Metropole always open, remodeled and
enlarged, ntvr addition, elegant rooms with private
baths. Grand, ba'lroom. etc., ready, this season.
Island Villa opens Ju yl. • ' •
nil formation, rates and illustrated pamphlets
Wilmington Transportation Co.,
222 S. SPRING ST.. LOS ANQELES CAL.
C. H. JORDEN, Room 671, 1 arrott Bldg.
Telephone Mint 15 85.
KAPA SODA SPRINGS,
California's Faraoti* Mountain ■ Spa !
1000 feet above Naps Valley. Climate nnsnr- .
r»Bsed. Views magnificent. . Table supplied from
orchard and ocean, Held and farm. Hot and cold
Is'apa Soda water baths. Telephone and Postottlce.
Burros to ride. Bowling alleys, tennis," croquet,
swings and hammocks. ' Gas and runniug water in
every room, lie - f for asthmatics. WARM.
WATER SWIMMING TANK. . Au ideal Bum-
resort, iin dren't paradise; mothers' de-
light; husbands' rest Address
ANDREW JACKSON,"
C;-"; ; ; Napa.Soda Springs P. 0. .
SODA BAY RESORT.
CHANGE OF MANAGEMENT.
Soda Bay, situated on ('ear Lake, Is most pic-
turesque. Spring Is fumou* for the vast volume
of delldons soda water. Hunting, lisbing, boating
and swimming are unsurpassed anywhere. The
tablets supple 1 with the very best the market
affords, and the comfort «nd we. fine of the guests
carefully looked after. Daily since from Pieta to
Soda Bay direct. Fare from San Francisco $5 50;
round trip $10.
F. B. HE TH, proprietor, Soda Bay, Kelaey-
ville. Lake County, Cal.
Ol# A fl A I HOT SPRINGS, Sonoma
VBf II I IV' Co, only 4y 2 hours from
.1 It •II II I* -m sun Francisco, and but 9
VIInUUU miles' staging.. Waters
noted for their medicinal virtues and generally
conceded to be the finest natural bath water iv me
Mate. Excellent climate and grand mountain
scenery. Long distance telephone: daily mall and
express; well-stocked trout streams'. Round trip
from Han Francisco only $5 60. Take Tiburoh
ferry at 7:30 a m. or 3:30 P. m Terms, $2 a day
or $1 a week. ' ■
J. F. MULGBEW; Proprietor. .
SEIQLER SPRINGS,
LAKE CO UN i Y.
rPHIS DELIGHTFUL \V ATE KINO-PLACE IS
1 located In the midst of the (.oast Range.
Ahun '.aiii-e ,of mineral springs, hot and cold
plunge batns. large swlmmliK-tsnk . of mineral
water, tine stone dining-room; telephone con-
nection*, electric lights, livery accommodation;
good trout-fishing and hunting. Rouud-trip tick-
ets at 8. P. office., $10,
JOHN SPAUM)INO, Proprietor.
JETN\ SPRINGS.
riIHERE IS HEALING IN THE WATERS
1 (for Rheumatism. Malaria, Nervousness, Dys-
pepsia, Diabetes, etc.); there Is life In the air;
swimming tank, tub and steam baths; fine hotel;
amusements. Rates, $10 to $14. Take 7:30 a.m.
Southern Pacific train for jit. Helena: stage con-
nects at 10. a. m. ITnllmited round-trip tickets
$7. ' Particulars at 318 Battery st., or of W. L.
MITCHELL, Udell PostofflCß, Napa County; Cal.
HOTEL ROiVARDE.YVI.I, :
THE PICTT7RFPQUE ■ SPOT OF BEN LO-
-1 MOND, ■in . the Santa Cruz Mountains. ■ New
hotel and rustic cottages, coutiiniug 60 rooms,
ALL HARD FIN is HMD, with large closets.
Two tennis courts, and bowling a.ley. Buildings.
grounds and river lighted by electricity, a mile
of river for boa-Ing. i;ound trip tickets. S3. For
particulars address THOS. L. BELL, Proprietor,
Ben Lomond, al. .-
BLYTHEDALE.
VOW OPEX. HOTEL AND COTTAGES. A
-^ pretty California spot online of Mount Tamal.
pals Scenic Railway. aniaee meets all train* at
[ill Valley. Five minutes' drive. | MX.«. GKtOO.
LAUREL GLEN FARM
FINE SPRING WATER; PLKNTV OF MILK,
X cream, fruit and home comforts. For particu- •
lars address MRS. V. STtBENRAUCH box 159 ■
Napa, Cal. ■ .;. ... - ..■-.-
SOLID COMFORT HOME.
I "I MILKS r F»OM NAPA CITY, OS MOUNT
XX Veder: elevation 1555 feet: mountain sprint
water; fine scenery; healthy climate; a postlve
cure for asthma, ; Address MRS. A. F. ALLEN,
Napa City. . . :
PALACE HOTEL, DRUB.
HEADQUARTERS FOR TOURISTS AN'U
L (Omincicial men. Free bus and baggage to
and from all trains. - . .v
HOTEL DE ; THORNTON,
...- POTTER VALLEY.
First-flam in Every Re*pect.
•■- -:-zK. I . HOLBROOK, PROPRIETOR.
Rates, $7 per week. ■ Bath and all modern con-
venlences in connection with hotel. ■ ■
HOTEL DE REDWOOD.
IN THE HEART •OF ; THE : ASIA . CRUZ
Mountains: board from $7 to $10 a week:
campers' return ticket 92 60. fen . for circular to
M. 8. COX. Laurel, CaL
GILROY HOT SPRINGS
A Finer, Where th- T'vnlld Can Snrnly
.; Jte;;aln B ••Kith— Whore the Tourist
■Exj Ke-caln Himself I" port • i
Magniflcsnt and Picturesque Scenery!
Where the Summer Pilgrim May Find
It st, Refreshment and Lei tlon.
k Mecca for the Annual Seeker After
; • Repose and Recuperation!
A Rural Retreat. W-iei-u Iho Adjacent
■ liills Art- Glo.betl in Garment*
. ofiVls»'c*:losB Glory,
Whero th*- O 2 r Mils a Never JAftu Hl«
Ghastly Head and Where the Waters
of t't-uling: I'iinr F— >oW From
Xxturn'a Own Fountain.
rnAKEB:IS A. M. OR 2:20 P. M. TAP? FROM
J. Third. and Townsen. t « r^Pts. 3Vj hours from
San Francisco. I- are, $7 15 for round trip
&~8~ stace «:onr.ec:s will) 9 a. m. and a:3 Or. v, '
trains trom Third and Toivnsend strec s.
I'OOP & 5Q\, Porrie'ors.
UA U II fi VII Monterey_Coun-
■ nllniOU LtK"^
?"*I !^^ health, rest,
ploasiiie. climate, nccomsiioiiatirn-", senary.
Honor beds, rlea.ilin.elss, tabie, not soda tub and
uii^e baths, hot sulpburtiband.swimmlngtankt,
ma-i.-.a^e tieatnient,spt-ciii btt'.h houses fur ladies
and 1.-idy utt"nclo-iis, hun inland lishi i<,cblldren's
pl»yeiou'nl, croquet, lawn tennis, ilnurc-linll. For
lam 1 Paraiso stand.-, u:j^uriia.,si-d in the State. .
P.. n v enjoyment for young arid old. Take train
1 lil:d :i .(1 Townsen 1 streets, ban Francisco, 9 a. m.,
I aim First st ai d Br'md war, Oakland, 9:10 a. M.,
da ly, for soirdnd: Return-tilp ticket. $8. t-evea
mlies by sm^p. ■ c p o.ib and • Pos;ollice. For
lUm rit ed pamphlets and sp clal inducements tor
1897, adflre s r.. JtOBER 1 SON. Lessee <fe Manager
MADRONE
MINERAL SPRINGS, '•*
SANTA CLARA COUNT V, MOUNT HAMIL-
ton range, elevation 2200 feet; best mineral
• water on this coast, for cure of ii digestion and
urinary troub es: unexcelled hunting and fishing;
.ii;i'c:al rates to parties of four or more; stage con-
nect* at Madrone with morning trains Mondays,
Wednesdays and -a . nrdays; send for terms and
descriptive pamphlet.
. J.kMES CARTER. Manager.
SaTiiselr
Cascade house, lake tahoe.
. tahoe inn, lake tahoe.
rnHESE BKACIY SPOTS, OF- THE WORLD
i. speak for themselves. For rates and circulars
apply to " M LAWRENCe; & CO.,
'• . Tnliac House, Lake Tahoe, California.
g-, . Go to iEtna Springs if you want
vJO TO bealtn - recreation or rest. Perfect
climate ; no mosquitoes. Swimming
tank, tub aDd steam buths. Fine hotel, and above
all marvelous mineral waters, rates #10 to $14.
Take .7:30 a. m. Southern Pacific train for St.
Helena, where the stage connects. Round trip
tickets, good until January 1, 1898, $7. Particular*
at 318 Battery street, or of W. L. _^, • ;«
Mitchell, Liaell P. O.,Napa Coun. /Ffttq
TO RENT, UNFURNISHED. FOR A TERM
of months or ay the year, during absence of
own r, an elegant borne: location- unsurpassed;
erms very reasonable. App'ytoß. E. McQILI*
Agent, 14 Post st. . .. c "
BEAUTIFUL BERKELEY
THE COLONIAL.
A DELIGHTFUL PLACE TO SPEND THE
A summer; i rna-1 vpihikl :s: tennis court; every- a
thing nrst-ciass: electric cars puss the door.
.'-•■■; 3_^lB DANA STRKKT.
PLANTATION HOUSE.
1C MILKS FROM CAZADERO, ON BTAGR
J- O line. Good ! rout fishing, plenty fruit, cream
and milk; free conveyance for parlies of two or
more: grand redwood scenery. Address J. LUT-
TRINfiKR, i?eaview, Sonoma Co., or apply E,
USE. 207 Front st., H. }•'„ for particulars.
ADAM SPRINGS, LAKE CO.
T^AYOUITE RKSORT OF THE SI ATE: THE
X 1 water is nnexcellei fcr medicinal purposes;'
table unsurpassed; fine fl<h!nganj hunting: state
daily from (.alistoci direct to springs; round trip -
at Eontnern Pacific oflices $10. DX, W. ■&.'
PRATHER. Adam Springs. - . ■
POPE HOUSE.
THIS WELL-KNOWN AND POPULAR FAM. -
■L ly resort is the year round; cottages for
families; tennis and croquet: electric-* a s to the .
beach and baths; bus meets a I rains.
MRS. A. FOPh,, Santa Crut, Cal.
S';C —HO, FOR.YOSEMITE 1 tfunr
-O. ' NOW OP.-.N , .Jjp^t>.
THE MILTON. BIG, OAK FLAT AND CALA, .
i- veras Big Trees st age Roots to Yosemtte Va lor, -
For choice eats make early application to J. M. .
HUTCHINGS, 19 Montgomery st.; S. F. " ";
TOHANNIIiBEKO. FAMOUS MOUNTAIN
O health and pleasure resort in th« ralast of the
Napa red-woods; ' elevation 1200 I feet; relief for
asthmatics; Invigorating mountain air; .lawn t-u-
-n)s croquet and. bo«lii.g alley; tishing, hunting •
boating and swimming; $7 to $10 per wee* ; re^-
durtiuQß to families. Send for circulars to W.
MKTZ, .Vapa. Cal. • ... ■  ..... ,■■•
REDWOOD ■' RETREAT —-"IN" A QUIET
l'ttle noo'< by the babbling rrook"; •in the
.Santa Cruz Mountains, 9 miles from Gllroy; good
fib>, cllmnt", scenerr, eta; large swimming
•i.,th: terms low. .Address U B. sANDEHS A
SONS, Gllroy, Cal. -^ __^
OAI'.D AT A RANCH: ONE MILE FROM;
station: first-class board and good rooms:
! terms $6 per we. -k ; railroad, fare, $3 for round-
trip ticket. Address Redwood Grove, Occidental,
Sonoma lonny. .
TO RENT— AT RUBICON PARK, LAKE TA.
koe, 1! 6-room cottages furnished for housekeep-
ing. Inquire of a. L\Fftos>T; Sacramento, or
after June 1 to Rubicon Park.
UIKTHOME IN THE SANTA CRUZ MOUN-
tains for summer boarding: home cooking;
terms reasonable. nos-E COTTAGE, Alma, Santa
Clara County, Cal. • ' * •
GOOD BOA D ON RANCH, SUBURB^ OP
i allstoga:-plenty fresh eggs, butter, clilckenj
and milk; $6 and $7 weak; hot mineral baths free.
MRS. J. MONTGOMERY. Callstoga. Napa Co., Cat
AT BKLMuNT, >AN -• ATEO CoUNTY; .
board for summer months; private family;
beaut ful grounds, large rooms; it minutes from
station, 1 hour from city.
A NDERSON -' -SPRINGS,'. LAKE COUNTY,
xi. open May 10: telephone connections; write
for circular. Address J. AN s.Middletown. 1
"IDEAL Fi.UIT RANCH, TRENTON, SONOMA
1 county, furnished cottages; free fruit, vege-,
tables, horse.
/CYPRESS-LAWN FRUIT FARM— GOOD TA-
\J ble; home comforts, T. H. EPLEY, box 288.
Napa, Cat.
AN LKANDRO: L • KGE SUNNY BOOMS-
food table: fru ts.vegeiaoles. 8. L., box 95, CalL
RESORT CIRCULARS. CARDo OR SlGNS-
cheap rates. HILL, 22% Geary . st , 8. F.TARTAN PLAIDS
AND GAY COCKADES
The Annual Gathering and |
Games of the Caledo
nian Club.
Pipers Skirled and Lads and
Lassies Danced at Shell
Mound Park.
The Proceeds Wi 1 Be Devoted to the
Erection of a Monument to
Rotrr: Bams.
The latchstrine was out at Shell Mound
Park yesterday and the Caledonian Clud
dispensed its usual generous hospitality
to its guests at the thirty-first annual
gathering and games of the clans.
In view of the fact that the entire pro
ceeds, as announced, will be devoted to
the erection in Golden Gate Park o! a
monument to Scotland's bard, Robert
Burns, the officers of the club were inde-
' TOU£ FINCrERINCr rs FAULTY, SAIDTUDfrE CAMPBELL.
THIS 15 TAEWAY TO 00 THE TRICK "
Campbell Gives IVcNeill a Pointer.
fatigable in their efforts to provide a most •
attractive programme of events, and if i
the attendance on the grounds was not so j
large as was confidently expeced it was ;
not their fault. All tilings considered,
however, the attendance was fair, and it J
is safe to say that all those present thor- ;
oughly enjoyed themselves.
Among those present as guests of the
club were Colonel Taylor, Colonel Baker, i
Colonel Eddy, Judge Campbell, Judge j
Low, Justice of the Peace Barry, ex-Judge j
Ferral, Supervisor Morton, Police Lieuten- i
ant Birdsall, Andrew Wilkie, President j
6U Andrew's Society; Hugh Fraser, i
James McNab, John McLaren, William I
Nicol, Colin M. Boyd, Chairman of the j
Burns Monument Committee; J. N. E.
Wilson, J. S. Ore and others, and the fol
lowing delegation from the Caledonian j
Club of Sacramento: Chi f John Carlaw j
and ex-CLneis D. Reid, Tom Scott and !
John Morrison. There were also a num- i
ber of visitors from Stockton, San Jose
and other interior towns.
The games started punctually at 10 j
o'clock m the morning and continued :
without intermission till 6 o'clock in the
evening. The dancing by the laddies and
lassies in Highland costume was one of
the most interesting events, and some o/ i
the little ones put iheirelders in the shade !
oy the grace and charoi of their move- j
mentf. Annie Mclntyre, a charming lit- ]
tie maiden, danced most gracefully, and '"
her sister Jeannie and Maepie Basset
were almost as good. Elaine Telfer and ;
Bibyl Campbsll vrere missed, as there nre
no two better exponents of tha terpsi
eborean art on the coast.
A large number of young couples spent
most of their time in dancinc, the two j
pavilions beine crowded all day. William ■
Mitchell was Hoor manager in the large!
pavilion and George Ding^ail in the
iDOund pavilion.
Too much credit cannot be to ex- !
Chief Aii^a? McLeod, Daniel A. McDon- |
aid and Georee McDonald of the games i
committee; Peter Mclmyre, the official j
starter of tbe races, and James H. Duncan, :
the enereetic ami rnurte<>'i3 socretary. for
NEW TO-DAT.
" m THE OWL
M DRUG CO.
CUT-RATE
§# DRUGGISTS.
jf^gsf SAN FRANCISCO,
OAKLAND,
tnwniiiwwti* LOS ANGELES.
We Cut the Price on All Prepara-
tions for the Hair.
Regular Cut
• Price. Price.
Carter's Peroxide of Hydrogen,
medicinally pure 25c 20c
Professor Garnier's Aureoline,
or Golden Hair Renewer.... 50c 40c
Dr. Buchard's Aureoline Hair
Dye 50c 40c
Professor Garnier's Extract of
Henna and Walnut Juice. ..sl.oo 50c j
Mme. Yale's Hair Tonic $1.00 65c I
Mrs. Harrison's 4-Day Hair Re-
storer $1.00 85c
Damschursky's Liquid Hair Dye $1.00 65c
Batchelor's Liquid Hair Dye Si 00 85c
Lipman's Liquid Hair Dye Si. 00 85c
i Imperial. Hair Regenerator $1:50 $1.25
%THE OWL egg shampoo.
'\ The Best Shampoo in the market, 25c
and '50c a bottle.
LOUDENS RUM AND QUININE.
Hair Tonic and Grower, 50c a bottle.
We are the leaders in cut prices. We
originate. Others try to imitate.
. 1128 Market Street.
...-•- ' - - >.. _-. ..1 _■•_ ■ ---it- n-f*n -nfnfWr«r<fn<ffßrftilininMwiMi<niii
the admirable manner in which the events j
were carried through without a hitch.
The committee on games" consisted of i
D. R. Mc>eill, A»ijrus McLeod. William
Mitchell, Johh Reid, Peter Mclntyre,
George McDonald, George Davidson, D.
McPhee, Daniel A. McDonald, James H.
Duncan, James Gorie, S. McGregor, John
W. Cameron, William R. Eaton and
Thomas D. Carroll. The reception com
mittee was composed of John Reed (chair
man). W. CL Burnett, Colonel .C. L. Tay
lor, General J. G. Wall, Colonel Thomas
McGregor, James Aitken, Thomas W.
Bethel, Neil . Carmicbael, Charles Nash,
Dr. George Adam. C. Chisholm, Captain
.1. H. Bruce, William Urq nhart, Captain
D. McKechnie, John Smith, J. H. "Ross,
Richard Gratto, D. R. Campbell, John
Mallon and Hugh Fraser. Club pipers-
Colin Mclntosh, Ed Ross, Neil Lindsay
and Donald Weir.
Following are the results of the differ
ent events: •./'■" .
Race for sons of members of Caledonian
Club and sister societies (under 12 years)—
First piiZ9 $3, second prize $2, third prize $1.
Judse — J. McFarlaue, Archie E. Duncan,
D. McLean. Robert Ross won, Dan Smith sec
ond, Willie Reid third.
Handicap race for sons of members of Ca'o- !
(lonian Club and sister societies (12 to 18
years)— First prize $4, second prize £3, third
prize $2. Same judges. Robert Duncan won,
Fronk Burns second. Alexander McCaw third.
Vaulting with pole, for sons of members of
Caledonian Club and sister societies (under 18
years)— Firsr prize $5, second r>rze $3. third
pr 7.l- £2 Judges— J. A. McDonald, >.'. Mc-
Lean, V McDonald. Alexander McCaw won,
Robert Ross second, Willie Reid third.
Putting heavy stone, Handicap— First prize
S7 second prize $5, third prize $3, fourth
i prize %'-. Judces— Walter Reed, Peter Miller,
N. McLean. Tom Carroll won, 3G feet 3
' inches; J. J. Carnerou s«>eond,29 feet 9 inches;
• S. Smith thira, 29 feet 1 inch; J. A. Cameron
i fourth, 29 feet.
: Putting lipht stone, handicap— First prize
>T. second prize !*5, .third prize #3, fourth
prize .*2. Same judges. Tom Carroll won, 4ti
feet; J. A. Camer°n second, 37 feet 10 inches;
6. Jmith third, 37 leet 5 inches; J. J. Camer-
i on fourth, 37 feet 4 inches.
Throwing heavy hammer, handicap— First
prize $7, second prize $5, third prize $3,
;ourh prize $2. Judges— A. McLeou. J. F.
McDonald, Joseph McCormack. Thomas Car
roll won, 101 feet 7 inches; J. J. Cameron
second, 93 feet 11 inches; D.Reid third, 89
feet 4 inches; J. A. Cameron fourth. 87 feet
! 3 inches.
Throwing lieht hammer, handicap—First.
prize i? 7, second prize $5, third pr.ze S3, fourth
prize $2. Same judge. Thomas Carroll won.
125 feet 7 inches; J. J. Cameron second, 116
| feet 7 inches; S. Smith third, 108 feet 1 inch;
I D. Reid fourth. 107 feet 9 inches.
Best-dressed men in Highland costume— First
' prize $5, second prize §3, third prize $2. John
j Morrison, Sacramento, won: D. Reid, Sacra
j mento, second; Ed Ro«s, Truckee, third.
Best dressed boy* (in full Highland cos
. tume)— First prize i? 4, second prize $3, third
; prize $2. A. McCaw won. Willie Guild sscond,
1 J. McCaw third.
Best dressed men (in full Highland costume)
i — First prize $8, second prize $6, third prize
i $4. Neil Lindsay won, J. S. Mclntosh second,
Donald Weir third.
Grand Highland reel (men in Highland cos
tume)— First prize $7, second prize $5. third
prize $3. Ed Ross won, Adam Ross second,
John .-. Mclntosh third.
Boys' handicap race, under 15 — First
prize $3, second prize $2, third prize $1.
Judges— D. McLean, D. McDonald, George
Dingwall. C. Farken won, Frank Burns sec
ond, John Cairo. l third.
Young ladies' race, 15 years and over— First
prize, handsome parasol,' value $5; second
prize, lady's belt and chatelaine bag, third
! prize fancy box tea. Sarah Jones won. Blanche
Skinner second, S. Portoppolian third.
Race tor men, twice around the track— First
I prize $6, second prize $4, third prize $2.
'Judges— A. McDonald, James McKay, Walter
Reed. M. W. Beck won, F. Wilsoa second, C.
Jelinskv third.
Race for apprentice* belonging to ships in
port— prize $5, second prize $3, third
prize $2. Same judges. Charles Tretheway
won, Dave Cash man second, Harry Patterson
third.
Running hop, s:ep and jump — Fir=t prize
j $t>, second prize $4, third prize $2. Judges—
N. McLean, J. A. McLeod, J. F. McDonald.
J. Murphy won. 41 feet 3 inches; M. W. Beck
i second, 38 feet 8 inches; J. Sexsmith third, 37
| feet 1 inch.
Rnnnli g high leap— First prize $6, second
prize $4, third prize $2; same judges. M. W.
Beck won, 5 feet 6 Inches; H. Dietrich second.
5 feet 5 inches; J. Murphy third, 5 feet 3
inches.
Hurdle race, twice around the track— First
prize $6, second prize $4. third prize $2.
Judges— A. McCormack, D. McLean, P. Miller.
M. W. Beck won, F. "Wilson second, H. Dietrich
third.
Running jump— First prize, $6; second
i prize. $4; third ,>rize, $2. Eames judges. M.
i W.Beck won, 19 feet 7 inches; 11. Dietrlck
second, 19 feet 1 inch; J. Murphy third, 19
feet.
Standing high leap— prize. $5; second
prize, £3; thira prize, $2. Same judges. J.
Murphy won, 4 feet 5 inches; Cnaries Carroll,
second, 4 feet 4 inches; M. W. Beck third, 4
feet 3 inches. «
Race for members of Caledonian Club of
San Francisco (five times around track)— First
prize "Wail" champion diamond meda:, value
$200, and $7, to be won three times in succes
sion: second prize $7, third prize $5. Same
judges, S. Thompson won, M. W. Beck second,
H. Foschock third. Time, 21£.
Tossing the caber— First prize 58, second
prize ?5. third pr zo $3. Judges— D. J. Me-
Farlane, J. A. McDonald and . Joseph McCor
mack. Thom»s Carroll won, 36 feet 7 inches;
J. J. Cameron second, 35 feet; D. Reid third.
33 feet 7 Inches. ,
Tug of war. eight men on a side, married
and single men; turf pull— first prize, case of
wine; second prize,- box of cigars; one pull;
captain of married men, J. W. H juris ; captain
of single men, William Mitchell. Won by sin
gle men.
Bagpipe playing (march, "Strathspey
Keel")— tach class of music to be played
through twice only— prize, $10; sccoud
prize, $5; third prize, 53. J. McDonald won
Adam Ross second, Duncan Fraser third.
Sword dance (lads and lassies in costume)—
First prize $4, second prize $3, third prize $2
prize to each remaining competitor. Anule
Mclntyre won, Maggie Basset second, Jeannie
Mcfntyre third.
Highland fling (lads and lassies in costume
12 years and over)— First prize $4, second prize
$3, third prize $2. Annie Mclntvre won, Mag
gie Basset second, Jeannie Mclntyre third.
Long r»ce for men (ten times around track)—
First prize $10, second prize $7, third pr.ze
$5. Judges— N. McLean, J. F. McDonald,
Peter Miller. G. Thompson won, C. Jelmsay
second. F. Wilson third..
Sword dance (men in costume)— First prize
$6. second prize $4, third prize $2. A. McCaw
won, Ed Ross second, J. S. Mclntosh third.
: Reel o' Tulloch (men In costume)— First
prize $6, second prize $4.. third prize $2. Ed
Ross won, J. S. Mclntosh second, A. McCaw
third.
Highland fling (men in costume)— First prize
$6, second prize $4, third prize $2. Ed Ross
won, A. McCaw second, J. S. Mclntosh third.
Advances made on furniture ana pianos, with
or without removal. J. ISoonan, 1017-limMiMion.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 30, 1897.
IN HIM THEY
HONOR AMERICA
All Kinds and Conditions
of Men Are Proud
of Lincoln.
From the Child to tbe General
His Magic Name Inspires
to Patriotism.
Pupils of the Public Ecbools Eager to
Secure Certificates of Men brship
in tbe Monum.-nt Leagu:.
"Lincoln day" has passed and left its
lesson. In the steady, resistless volume of
enthusiasm displayed at the school cele
brations there was revealed a force of pat
riotism which may be calculated ut>on.
The spirit is there, and only needs the culti
vation and.encouragement of thoughtful
ness to convert it into an eternal bulwark
of American liberty.
The project of the Lincoln Monument
League is conserving this widespread,
deeply rooted plant of country love, which,
without care or direction, might lose itself
in tangled luxuriance or languish in fruit
less neglect. Every one who signs a cer
tificate of membership in the league is
helping on the good work.
Men, women and children of every walk
in life are hastening to aid the movement
which will place a luting statue of Lin
coln in Golden Gate Park. Appended is
a list of 300 additional names 01 members
of the Lincoln Monument League:
Grant Primary School.
Mrs. G. W. Brooks • Mrs. D. D. Harris
Mrs. JS\ L. I>avia E. 1,, chapman
D. O. Mies J. Green La. inn
8. P. Oliver M. L. Kosenberg
H. Nathan J. Adler
H. H. 'i ouug V. F. Tlllinehast
G. H. Eeiton P. F. Kingston
E. Calarne Montgomery Bagga
G. C. .North ■' Chester L. North
David Koihschl'd K. H. Moore
E. Hankhurst Mrs. E. Hankhnrst
D. JJ. Harris i A. B. .Tunes
Clark c. Van Fleet < 'tiilia Kohlberg
Mrs. A. E. Kellogg Rmh Kelio;g
Bandfal Taatfe ' J. J. Dunne
I. ¥. Dunne • M. Dunne
M. Dunne TaafT? herbirt H. Piper
Howard Kent l eid H. McAfee
Verannc Kirn wood Walter Sluginnls
Andrew Cassell Mary Bate's : •
Kdiih Burman Adeline Ko pi berg
Helen Lo ketl Unsor D. Wilkinson
C. W. Wilkinson Alice D. Bryant
A. Lebenbaum
Huight Primary School.
C Hellwig Martha Hannah
H. F. Tennel . Ilarry Darling -
G L, 1 ayne Jerry (.oilum
Marie Payne Msie Hearney
a If. E. Walton ' Elizabeth Hannah
Marc. Davidson Adam Hannah
Eddie Linn Finiey Kobinson
Charles Kilgore A. Melvin
I barles Han»on Andrew Helbins
Florence Leigh Howard McKloley
Mary Pa> ntj Maggie Snuu^iinessy
Amy Hanson B-nrmi t IK/ -ltme
>.dna Gamble Franklin .Murray
Phoebe Gib \\ i.bur Jackson
Clara >npfer Her. ert aquiro
Elizabeth C. Siaple3 Angelina uesimone
■ Cbarlrs Wbarff Mrs. S. Dt-siwoue
I Benjamin Bronsoa J. A. Cole
! .Louie Karnmer Francis Desimone
I Mag,ie O'Neill M. Douohu*
j ECie B. fcqufre ' > elite Andrews
| l'r..nk Terramorse Mrs. P. J. Meecan
I Mira Nelson Mary U. Sullivan
j Mrs. M. C. Fennessey Adolphe Westce
i .Royal Doud William feu livan
Pacific Heights Grammar (school.
1 Arthur Illrsch . Alden Ames
j Mrs B. ecbloss P. W. A meg
; Sidney oolaman Austin s. annon
L. Mlccela Horatio Muzzy '.-'-'-
I Mrs. nose Levy Fiancis Aialoi:ey
{A. Hei.bionuer Pearl man
I H. Ai.derson Helen Cht-sebrough
j Bee ;-cou Martha Harris
: Henry Greenzweic; Katy Flenny
i i.obbie Meh;tens Jiroil F.enny
1 Mrs. A. C. Welch . Lizzie Postel
i Mis. BF. Armstrong Gertrude I'ostel
'. Mrs. li. H. My rick Louis » oung
i Philip Faymonvllle Arnold l iebes
i B. >". ymcnvillo Joseph Khrman
■ Louise ilusson William H. Ehrman
Marjorle Mills Kidney M. Khrinan
I K. >.. Mills Joseph Ehrman
I Lilian Heim*n (1 .ra H. Ehrman
i Elm» ArrillHga .--. m. Heller
Paiqulio Arrilla;. A. 1.. Khrman
j Leo Arrillaga Willie Liebes
I Oraziela Arrillaga fc, M. he.ler
R. t. Sleekier Moses Heller
I Addle yon Hagen I*. B. Pef.lgrew
Broadway School.
Gertrude Gorier Manuel O'Donnell
Jean McEwin Cicile McGregor
Mrs. J. J>rew Lizzie Spreckelaen
Frs. G. Kindblad Keuiice Columbinl
iilsa Campbell . Elizabeth F. McCorkell
Amy Campbell . Lizzie McCorkell
Helen Campbell H. Heitraann
Alan Randolph Campbell Em ma Brack .
I A. J. Campbell J. H. scbleep
i Elsie Zocchl ;' Mr. Brtnglmm
.Mrs. M. Peruslo iUlsi L. campe
! Ethel Fletcher ■ ■ bophiv Dryer
] W. Winkle Moilie Merle
I Mabel Winkle Frances noperichter
H»nry Winkle William A. Jioperlchter
Hatile Maskow Lillle Iwenstrup
Llllie Maskow Hallie Moulten
j Isabel Fowler Louisa £acnm»n
I Alb Fowler MUs B. C. liaswell
j Mrs. J.Duncan Elsie Veem
! Annlu isthleep Ellzubeih F. Haswell
■ James A. Devoto Mamie Castner
j i «nixlita Devoto Mrs. If. F. Cajtner
Natalie Bowman Beatrice Ki<oui
I Florence Schage Will am I*. Scutlock
Pacific Heights Grammar School.
I'mi la MticGavin Euth Adams
I Digby Brooks Agnes Kelleher
' H.told MCLaaghlln H«-v motie Davit
j Hoy Faymonville Florence Kyst
■ Mrs. 1). B. Faymonville Mrs. W. F. Curraa
Fiorence.Graeber Mrs. H. H. Wood
Myrtle Wood Mr. J. a. Mitchell
J. P. bherman Edna Pike
; Mis. F. P. Sherman c. A. (2) •■:':
| Ethel Sherman Babttte Newman
I >rank Mitrrnan M. i* t-chlff
| Frank Keileher ■ WilMam luff
I Engrac.a Crltcher l.aura Doe
Milton D. Eisner John Cnssell
; Helen Eisner Kduh Mills
Mrs Mllion S. Eisner Walter Plank
I Mill on -. Eisner Waldo Postel
I msie Keileher Edith E. Leale
L. t hrman Herbert Schmi:t ($1)
! Gertie Gerson Mrs. s. Schmltt
Harold Haber Charles Eiliugwood
Emil Meyrr Blanche Kellener
Marguerite P.asmon Helen Adams
Janet McLean ■ »o»ard Plank
Walter Moeh Sheldon Potter
Book of TV. W. Stone.
Bodle Primary School, ll Katharine Schioeta
rartitic-.it's Pa'.iie Morse
Gen. E. H. Salomon Mary McDermott
Master EJdie Salomon Kthyl Low
B. S. Harrison Florence Herm, Oakland
Itev. E ii. Church Kuth Miockter
Mrs. Hum. hrev smith Eleanor s-oper
M ii. c bOftile Ms Herrera Leila McDermott
Mrs. E. f: Church Florence stetson
M a% E. M. Piukuam Elvrla Uobbs
K. Guppy Lizzie Adams
MibS B. btudiy Koby Carle
Ju.letßredon Butn Mitchell
Myrtle LieD Armoitine Monges
Anne Barrett, Pelma Eva Varney
Ellison Veruon, >elm» ■ C ara Giddlnlx
Irene Matin, Prescott, B aucbe houtback
Ariz . Maud Ferguson, selma
Edna smart Miss J. biewart, Mill
Mls-i !>. Luca'j, Fresno Valley
Gertrude Blastugame, Char.otte Vance
Freaao Amy Peterson
My re J. owe Derobella Gratto
Fernanda Pratt
TOE STATE DEVELOPMENT.
ActiTe Work Being; Done Abroad by
the Local Committee.
The State Development Committee has
issued a bulletin to its subscribers in which
the work in hand is outlined. The com
mittee has been and is endeavoring to ad
vance tue interests of the State and is pay
ing considerable attention to the dormant
industries. Fiber culture and the mana
facture of fabrics from flax, hemp, cotton
and ramie have been looked into with
I gratifying results. The stereopticon lec
tures in the East and in England showing
the many advantages and natural re
sources of the State are still being carried
on witn success. As a result many letters
are received at the main office, in the Mills
buildinc, for information with a view of
home building and er .ring into business.
As mining ia becoming an important
field Tor development the committee has
undertaken to gather reliable information
through various committeemen in the
mmmc counties and to convey that infor
mation without charge to Eastern and
European cap talists who are in search of
legitimate raining investments. Mr.
Gray has been sent to Chicago to see what
arrangements, if any, can be made to place
there a permanent extiibit of California
products and to establish a bureau of in
iormation with daily slereopticon ex
hibits.
COLLISION CASE.
United States District Jadge Morrow
Decides That Both Vessels Were
to Blame.
United States District Judge Morrow
yesterday filed an opinion in the cases of
B. H. Madison et al., libelants, vs.
steamer Noyo, etc., Noyo Lumber Com
pany claimants, and Noyo Limber Com
pany, libelant, vs. schooner Alice Kim
ball, etc., B. H. Madison et al. claimants.
The first case is that of collision. The
sieamer Noyo on December 3, 1891, col
lided with the schooner Kimball off tne
Navarro River and damaged the schooner
in hull, spars .md rigging.
The second is a cause of salvage grow
ing out of the servicei rendered the
schooner Alice Kimball by the steamer
Noyo in consequence of the disabled con
dition of the ech'.ionor after the collision
mentioned in the tirst cause.
The evidence of witnesses on board the
steamer was to the effect that there was
no lig t of any kind on the schooner
sufficient to warn the lookout on the
steamer of the presence of the schooner.
Judge Morrow says:
I am, therefore, of the opinion that tfte
schooner was not free trom fault In its con
duct immediately preceding the collision. It
appears that the lookout on the steamer was
Dot on the forecastle head, but on deck, and
that he kept his lookout by walking trom one
side of the vessel to another. It may be It he
had been in a proper place for observation
ahead he would have discovered the presence
of the schooner before ho did.
My conclusion is that both vessels are at
fault and that the damages should be divided
between them. A reference wili be had to the
Commissioner to tako testimony as to the
damftge sustained by both vessels. I will
also leave the fixing of the value of the tow
age service rointered by the steamer to the
schooner to the court when tao report of the
Commissioner is received showing the value
of that service-
FAVORS ELECTRIC LIGHTS.
The Third-Street improvement Club '
Passes Resolutions Indorsing
tha Innovation.
The Third-street improvement Club,
which has been foremost in advocating
thß lighting oi the business streets with
electricity instead of gas lamps, met last
niihi.
President Bernard Katschinski, at the j
meeting of the club last night at Beckers
Hall, 14 Third street, spoke upon the im
portance cf the City taking hold of the
modern idea of bringing the City up to
dale on tbe lino of a progre«sive move
ment by discontinuing the old-fashioned
lamps and substituting arc lights in
their mead. He stated that for himself
bis business had increased more than 50
per cent since the introduction of electric
lights on the street. This statement was
indorsed by A. Becker and other mem
bers of the club.
The following resolutions were unani
mously adopted.
. Whereas, The Third-street Improvement
Club was among the first, if not the originator
of the policy of the X'Hy bearing the expense
of lighting the principal business streets of
the City with electric arc lights in lieu ot gas
Inmpsftherefore, be it
Kctolvcd, That we the members of the Third
street Improvement Club indorse ihenciion
of Supervisor Rivers in nis advocacy of Intro
ducing an ordinance before his fellow mem
bers of ibetoard naving this objret in view ;
and be it further
Besotted, That we urge upon the Board of
Supervisors the necessity of Having electric
lights substituted for gas lamps ca all the
business streets of tbe City.
Heso'ved, That the co-operation of all Im
provement c'.ubs in the City of San Francisco
take action indorsing the movement now on
foot for this purpose.
Shiels 1 st;ite- CoDte»t Knded.
In the estate of Edward E. Shiels, deceased,
Judge Ccffey yesterday denied the motion to
revoke letters of administration hitherto
granted to Dr. Shie'.s oi this City, a brother of
the deceased. The widow has withdrawn all
opposition to the present management of the
estate.
A Victim of Morphine.
D.F.Bryant, a printer, was found dead in
bed at 359 Jessie street at (i:3O o'clock yester
dny morning. Death was caused by heart ais
ease brought on by hypodermic injections of
morphine. The deceased was a single man, a
native of New Jersey, 35 years oicl.
NEW TO-DAY.
What Makes Men Strong?
ELECTRICITY— The Fountain of Youth,- the perpetual energy which sustains
all animal life. It is the source from which springs the bubbi in? spirit of joy in
young manhood. It is the vital element which keeps up the nerve force in ola men
to a good old age. When the body is charged with.it the vital powers are strong.
Confidence flashes from the eye and the step is firm.- Without it— well, how is it
with you? Are you weak, gloomy, wanting physical and brain force? If you are
weak you should begin at once using this famous appliance for weak men.
This appliance is.the result of twenty years of close study, and contains all the
1 recent improvements known to science. It is, in fact, a perfect battery made in the
form of a belt, to be worn on the body while the patient rests. .
ARE YOU NOT TIRED OF USELESS DRUGGING?
No doubt; you . have tried medicines and failed. Why not try Nature's Own
Remedy in this simple and thoroughly scientific way. Improved Electric Suspensory
Free with all Belts.
IT CURES YOU WHILE YOU SLEEP.
The electric current from this belt is felt as soon as it touches the body. This is
i warranted under a forfeit of $5000. It can be regulated to any power required, while
the belt is on the body, and is worn while you sleep without the slightest trouble. .
"THREE CLASSES OF MEN"
Is the title of a neat illustrated pocket > /^sMlHs''!sSt
volume I have just issued, exclusively for Jtj> |^ M> bj<KJ^.
men. It gives in plain language the ci- - £g j*iil?t
fects following youthful indiscretions and *Sf
later excesses, as Seminal Weakness, Im- <$g J< 55 I^%£ I«T^
potency. Drains and ; Losses, Var;cocele • aSrSjK
and Atrophy or undevelopment; also « L^\ JftP_s —
Rheumatism, Lumbago, Lama Back, Kid- A ** .■ ffiwgr'
ney Troubles, etc.. and points out an easy . ■ S«L * -c *. " * " iffllfflL-^^-
and sure cure at home WITHOUT ? &i \ma&' (FWwL'-"^^
DRUGS OR MEDICINE. It also gives a wKS^^#*%b£B^
truthful resume of my thirty years' won- %^JJffflG£&9 Jteotmf\]r*
derful success with my Electric Belts in %%^wdr?s^P^^llill
these cases, and every young, middle-aged ifljk&£ mS'W,W////i£ :/ ■
or old man suffering the slightest weak- . mtftfM '/ fmsf/Jw ■ '■■''■'<■■
ness should read it and know exaciiy rH^W I FUiWJF
where he stands. It is sent free, sealed, : '' " 'U/N'/ / IW/JT '
by mail, upon request. r;; . • m * .'-
SANDEN ELECTRIC CO;,^S^iS^gsigfc
■ Office; hours— 3 A. M.'to 8 :30 l\ M. ; i-undaya, 10 to L. -Los Angelas Oilica -01 aoiua Broad
fray; Portland. Or.. 253 Washington street ; Denver. Colo., 935 Sixteenth street. .
J\O'iJt..— >i«Jtu no mistake m tiie auniDer— 632 Market atreaf Make note of it 1 '
Dli. SANDKW'3 ISX.KVTIUU XKUS3 t liiJiS BUFXUJiJS. .
STATE EQUALIZERS
GIVE A WARNING
City Assessments Must Be
Watched by Super
visors.
An Important Meeting Was
Held at the City Hall
Yesterday.
Several Instances of Erronecm Valua
tions Given b/ State Equalizer
B amer.
The Committee on Assessments of the
Supervisors was given an intimation by
the State Equalizers yesterday that San
Francisco assessments are not high
enough and that a raise greater than last
j year may be expected unless great care is
taken in making up the rolls for the com
ing year.
Equalizers Morebouse, Bearner and
Chesebrougb, Controller Colgan and
Supervisors Devany, Lackman, Dodge
and Clinton were present. Deputy As
sessor Brig^s represented the Assessor's
office.
Mr. Morehouse was asked for sugges
tions as to the best methods to be em
ployed to prevent San Francisco assess
ments from being raised and why the
Equalizers had raised the assessments
last year.
He replied that the only suggestion he
desired to make was that the Supervisors
familiarize themselves with the work of
the Assessor's office and see that assess
ments were based on correct principle.
"We think, 7 ' he said, "that the Super
visors have heretofore been derelict.
They have waited until August and have
then come before us and have asked us
not to raise the roll, but they Knew noth
r ing about the assessments. We think you
should familiarize yourselves with the
work of the Assessor and see that lair
assessments are made. You cannot dic
tate to li i D 3, but you can surest.''
It was explained to the Supervisors that
the Equalizers based a raise, when one
i was made, on individual assessments.
I f*an Francisco had been raised because it
J £ as the opinion of tne Equalizers that trie
City was not assessed on an equality with
the rest of the Slate.
Mr, Beamer stated that the City had Jost
the luxes on $1,000,000 in one bank.
"What bank was that?' was asked.
"Tne Hibernia Bank," was the reply.
"That bank gets iuteiest on $1,000,000
| more than it is assessed for. In otner
j words, the loans made by that bank on
property exceed ttie assessed value of the
property by $1,000,000. Yet that bank U
the most conservative bank in tho City."
Mr. Beamer also calied attention to an
in -tar.Cd of what he considered an erron
eous assessment. He stated that the Del
ger block on Sixth an I Market streets was
purchased for $225,000, the buyer con
sidering ihat he nad made a good bargain,
and the Hibernia Bank, a conservatve
institution, had loaned $1 "20, 000 on it. Yet
it had been assessed at only $90,000.
Questions were ask d regaramg the rest
of the State, but Mr. Moreuousa said it
i was not the business of the Supervisors to
figure on the State, but to see mat the
assessments of San Francisco are equable
and just. Jtie warned the committee that
assessments are not high enough, and
that unless the board was given a good
explanation when the time for fixing the
assessment came another raise might re
sult.
The committee said they would be pre
pared if called to Sacramento to be ques
tioned about City as>essments.
Deeded Property to Uis Wife.
Fred J. Kauffinan complains that ilrs. Kath
arina Fauss has properly that ought to be held
subject to his claim for a debt due from her
husbind, Oito Fauss. Kauffmati produces a
note for 5*500 piven in his f*vor by Fauss on
the 3<i ol M»y, 1894. He avers that while so m
oebttd to him Fauss deeded certain real estcte
to his wife, Katharina, tho consideration ex
pressed being '"love and affection." The
plaintiff considers this a fraudulent transac
tion and asks that the deed be set abide.
NEW ro-DAT- DRY GOODS. •
THIS "VS7"E3Ei2S.
STRIKING REDUCTIONS
— — Iltf ■. ' ■ ■ ■ .
TT^ ATT "\ T^^ i™* it 1 ' ','■■'-."■ ■ ■ ■ '
TAILOR SUITS,
t A T/T7TPO
JACKETS
. A.TSTJD —
DRESS SKIRTS.
HERE ARE A FEW INDICATIONS OF THE LOW PRICES:
SI JITS MIXED TWEED TAILOR SUITS at..:.v..-;..55.50, $7.50, $1O
O^ : »J. BLUE AND iJLACK SERGE SUITS at..... 512.50, $15, $10.50
SUITS WITH TRIMMED WAISTS at $18.50, $20, $85
lACKFTS TAN COVERT JACKETS at..... .181.1, SO, $10, $13.50
jnWIVL ' 1 *^' Bi.ACK AND COLORED CLOTH JACKETS
...............sr.sO, $10, $13, $15
SKJPTS BLACK FIGURED SKIRTS at $3, $1.50, $7
' JIVIIV '°* BLACK MOIRE SILK SKIRTS at...... i ; ...*8.«O
BLACK GRENADINE SKIRTS, Colored Limns*, at...... .58.50
BICYCLE SUITS at........... •... $8.50, $10, $13
COUNTRY ORDERS PROMPTLY ■ATTENDED TO.
be 3E3ca.::^Xjia. ESg'Aixrorj.
G. VERDIER & CO.,
SE. Corner Geary Street and Grant Avenue.
VI LLE DE PARlS— Branch House, 223 S. Broadway, Los Angeles
pSKH CANCERS
'jft^ £mSJM& ORFAINI
S|raßMWff*k with testimonials of many
': J I Worst common ■ places
*vasQm*r ■T&&^ an! man's face and lips.
S. R. CHAMLET, M. D., 71 9 Market St., S. F.
Send to Some One with Cancer
DR. TOM SHE BIN, ' ; .
CHIXRSE II A AND HERB jgsSffp^. -
\J Sanitarium, 615 Kearny St., bet. Vjpi^^^y .
Sacramento and Commercial' sts., ■ X^Y; '
6an Francisco, Ca'., U. S. A. " P> ' 1) X '
MoSTESZOr, Cal., March 1. 1897. \j5L ff "
I write tbij letter for the benefit. *9?* L
of any one who may be in trouble, Jb&r JBK>^
as I nave be.-D. . •■ jSHEiWUF*
About fourteen years ago I was taken s ik. he
doctors prouou need ii. uicpratlon of the stomach
and said it would end in cancer. .
At limes I would vomit a black and b'.oodv-
lookine; matter, also a great deal of white mucus.
The disease would make me very ner\ ou* and
despondent. - At different times- during my ail- 1
me lit I would get some relief for < a few months,
then it tvouU come back as bad or worse iban
ever. I doctored with several' as " go .l doctors as
I could find in the i- ast and nlso-b-eru in Califor-
nia, but none of them effected a cure. -
I was advised to consult I>r. Tom She Bin,,
which 1 did about the Isi of October. 892.
He said my troub c was the cancer of the
stomach. I commenced talcing his medicine im-
mediately. For. tbe first three or four month)
there seemed to be but ye little change. After
that time 1 improved very fast, and am now aole .
to do quito a good day's work." I have every rea-
son to bDlieve he -has- effected a peimanent cure
forme. . ..; J. h CAJRPJENTEK.
DRUNK FOR TWENTY YEARS.
A correspondent writes: "I was drunk on
and off for over twenty years— drunk when I
bud money, sober when I had none. Many
dear friends I lost, and numbers gave me goo i
advice to no purpose ; bat, thank God, an angel
hand came at last in the form of my poor wife,
who administered your marvelous remedy,
•Anti-Jag,' to me without my knowledge or
consent. I nm. now saved and complete!;
transformed from a worthless fellow to a sober
and respected citizen."
If "Anti-Jag" cannot be had at your drug-
gist, it will be mailed in plain wrapper with
full directions how to give secretly, on receipt
of One Dollar, by the Renova Chemical" Co.,
66 Broadway, New York, or they will gladly
mail full particulars free. '.
[$P|f|| DR. HALL'S EEMTIGOIMTOII
I j^|^™4jH Five hundred reward loranycas9W9
pal IMI cannot euro. Tills SECRET ItEM-
-1 . I EI»Y stops all losses In 24 hours,
jrafl H3a cures Emissions, Impotence, Varico-
I fipi p*rn cele, Gonorrhoea. Gleet, Kits, .->;.-;>
: Vii iL'l'l tures, Blood Disease and all wasciai
;^ MS effects of Abas* or Kxceusi.
I BSi?"p«*n»(B Sent bi'aied. %'i per bottle. THHciJS
£OTTL£B, 95: guaranteed to cure any case. '
DX. HALL'S MEDICAL INSI'ITU'l Jfi,
b65 Broadwar. Oakland. Cat.
All , prlTat* uUeaae* qaicKly cured.' bead for
boot ' '
NOTARY PUBLIC.
A. J. HENRY, NOTARY PUBLIC,
£>QG MAKKKT -T., OPP. PALACK UOTKL.
DOO Telephone 670. Residence 809 Valencia ]
street. 1 elephone "Church" 15.
:•" ■"■" ■ . - • - ■ ■ , ■ ■
a Being a Northerner by birth," writes a lady from Alabama, " it is not an easy thing to
eai comfortably food prepared in Southern style, and consequently one suffers from it. Ona
day, feeling great discomfort from that ciuse, an old negro retainer said to me : ' Scuse me,
Missey, but my old woman knows something powerfu' good for dem pains. I disremembers
the name, but it just rips the pain out. Old Milly 'ill tell you 'bout it.' To please him I
called on his wife iv their little cabin, and will try and give you her account. ' You know
all fallasd winter I was powerfu' weak and couldn't eat nothin', and one day I wui a lyin'
yere in terrible 'stress and jenraan knocked at de door and says : " Mammy, can I have
•one water for myself and horse?" "Deed you can, Marsa ; but I 'se too sick to get the
things, I hab such awfu' 'stress all over." " Why, Mammy," he says, " I've just the thing
for you that I bought in Washington for justiuch pains." So he gave dat metlsin, and de
'stress am all gone and I eats eberything, and I goe» eberywhere ; so, Missey, I knows dey
will help you.' She produced the package and from it I wiote down the name,
A
CREDIT AUCTION !
1-4 O^A-SH,
. . ,- , , Remainder to Suit Buyer,
BY
YON RHEIN & CO.,
513 California Street,
THURSDAY -— - JUNE 1O
AT 12 311. SHARP,
' • BY OKDER OF -
Security Loan Assn.
-16-
Cottages, Houses Flats
: 890 Steiner.
55x110— SB.' cor. Fulton; 8 • rooms, bath,
grounds, etc. ; bpp. Alamo square.
Cottages 5 and 7 Tremont Aye.
25x80 each— Off • Waller, : W. of Ashbury; en»
tirely disconnected; 2 cottages, each 5 rooms
and bath; Haight-st. cars.
Cottage 5 Rivoli Aye.
31x100—5 rooms and bath ; leave Halght-st.
cars, cor. Stanyar. ; walk S. 7 blocks, v v -'
Cottage 2819 Greenwich.
25x137:6— W. of Baker; 6 rooms and bath.
134. 136 and 140 Hartford.
22x125 each— Off 20tb, W. of Noe; 3 modern
cottages; 5 and 7 rooms and bath each.
121 Hartford.
24:6x125— 0ff 19th, W. of Noe; 2-story mod-
ern residence; 6' rooms and bath.
: . Flats 603 Diamond.
25x100— s! of 23d ; 2 flats of 3 and 4 rooms
and bath. '
Cottage 409 and 411 Jersey.
22x114 each— S. of 24th, W. of Noe; 2 cot-
tages ; 6 rooms and bath each.
Cottage 1023 Sanchez.
20x92— S. of 5 rooms and. bath; take
Mission-st. electric cars.
3816 Army.
25x114— 3. '0f 26th, ■ W. of Dolores; 2-story
dwelling ; 7 rooms and bath.
1108 and 1108^ Potrero Aye.
25x100— S. of 23d; 2 flats; Howard-st cable
passes. ■
228 Vicksburg.
20x92— S. of 23 I, W. of Church; cottage of 5
rooms and bath ; 24th-st. cars.
1112
ClirfcCH HOTICXS.
jj:~== FIRST CHURCH OF CHRIST. SCIEN-
f*^ tlst— services at 11 a. m. iv Kuby Hall,
336 Post st.. cor. Powell.' Christian Science Bible
Lessons; subject. -Faith Must be Proved by
■ Christlike Works." Sunday-school lor children at
the same hour. "Science and Health" Study
Thursday at 8 r. m. i" Mystic Hall, 320 Post
st. All are welcome.
¥T~S ST. PAUL'S EPISCOPAL CHURCH,
l»2S' California St., bet. Fillmore and Steiner—
Rev. William M. Rellly, rector; Professor F.
K. tz -nbacb, organist and director. Praise service,
Sunday, May 30. Holy Communion. 7:30 a.m.:
Sunday-school 9:30 a m ; morning prayer and
sermon. 11 a. m.; evening pray- r at 7:30 p M.:
praise service this evening at 7:30 o'clock Miss
Mabel I ove, soprano; Miss lv. Gardner, contralto;
Frank Mitcieil, tenor; Henry a. Melvin, basso,
assisted by a full vested choir. All visitor-) a.d
strangers invited, and most cordially welcome.
BK-s=" FIRST PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH.
tt-JS^ cor. Van Ness aye. and Sacramento St.— Rev.
P.obert Mackenzie, D.D.. pastor: Rev. Kdwin H.
Jenks, co-pastor. Mr. Jenks will preach at 11
a. M. and 7:45 p. m. Morning snbjec , "The Mind
of Christ": evei ingsulject. "Memorials," a Deco-
ration day sermon. Sunday-school at 12:45 p M-
V. P. s. C. E. at 6:30 p. m Prayer-mi-eilng
Wednesday, at Hp. x. All ;»r.-> we come.
s?^S= CALVARY PRESBYTKKIAN CHURCH,
tt^" corner of Geary and Powell .its. — Key. John
Hemphiil, 1) D., pastor. Services at 11 a. m. and
7:45 P. M. In the evening Berryman Ridges, a
member of the Paleslioan Exploration society,
will spea* on "Tbe Discovery of the True'lomb
of Our Lord." Children may te presented for
baptism at the beginning of the morning service.
Morning music: "Te Deum," in C (Dudley Buck);
off-itory, bass solo, W. C. Campbell. Evening
music: antate l.omiiio," in A. A. .1. Holden;
■ offertory, "The radian: morn hath passed," 11.
11. Woodward. All are made welcome. At the
close of the morning seivlc« the members of the
bath -sen will hold a Lincoln memorial ser-
vice.
90S' FIRST CONGREGATIONAL CHURCH,
m^^r southeast corner of Post and Mason sis.—
Rev. George C.Adams. D.D., pastor. Services at
11 A. if. and 7:45 p M Rev. James P. O'Brien of
fc-U Louis will preach at both services. The pas-
tor's Bible class immediately after the morning ser-
■ vice. Sunday school 12:45 P. if. Y. I. S. c. E.
at 6:30 p. M. Samuel D. Mayer, organist and
choir-master.
{£_-£= THIRD CONGREGATIONAL CHURCH,
\SZ& Fifteenth St., near Mission— Rev. William
Kader. pastor. Services at 11 a.m. i- pedal pat' i-
o ie exercises by the < bildren of the -school.
The pastor will speak upon "The Story of the Re-
bellion. ' There will be stirring music and beauti-
ful decorations, services at 7:45 p. if. Subject,
••Politics of the stars and stripes.' 1 Musi': by
churai choir under lie direction of liana C.
btadtfeld. All are cordially invited.
(¥^3s= PLYMOUTH. CONGREGATIONAL
■fr**^ Church, Post st near Webster— Services
to-day hi 11 a. M. ana 7:46 p. m. tunday-
sciool at 9:30 a. m Rev. J. A. Cruzan will
preach morning and evening-. livening service
appropriate to Memorial day. The public are cor-
dially invited to attend all the services of the
church.
np^S* CENTENARY METHODIST EPISCO-
-15^ pal church -outh, 17 J 7 Bush St., between
Goagb and Octavla. Dr. C. B. Riddick. pastor—
Preaching at 11 a. m. by the pastor: at 8 r. m. a
sacred concert will be given by the choir: Sunday-
school, 9:4.) a. m.; t.ji\vorth League, 6:30 p. m,:
regular pri yes-meeting every Wednesday even-
ing: all welcome.
PT-^ 31 THE FIRST UNITARIAN CHUKCH. •
■F-S" SW. cor. Geary and Franklin sis. — Rev. Dr.
Stebbins, minister. The Sunday-school is at 9:45.
Bible-class conducted by Rev. Samuel Slocombe.
The morning service is at 11 o'clock. All are
cordially invited. The evening service is omitted.
r£r§=> FIRST CHRISTIAN CHURCH,
EF^ Twelfth st., oct. Howard and Mission—
Frank S. Ford, pastor. 11 a. if Memorial day
Sermon; subject, "Monuments." . :45 P. M, '-Col-
onization" meeting, Special music. Address by
Major W. \v. WinrbeU of the .Salvation Army;
subject, "Colonization of the Unemployel." The
major will i,e assisted by Mrs. Winch 11. Sunday-
school, 9:30 A. M. : Y. P. S. C. E.. 6:30 P. if. seats
free. All welcome. Come.
Jfc~ig= FIRST NEW JERUSALEM CHURCH
1&-& (Swedenrorgian). O'Farrell at., bet. Webster
and Filimore— lev. 1). V. Bowen. pastor. Service
at 11 a. M.. "Law and P ophet.s Fulfilled." Sunday-
school a: 10 a.m. Tuesday evening meeting at 8
o'clock. Free circulating library of Swedeuborg's
warts and collateral Now Church literature.
ftr^s= SWEDENBOKG . MISSION SOCIETY.
t^J? Washington Hall, Red Men building, 320
Post St.. opposite Union square— Key. J. s.
David, pastor. Sermon at 11 a. m. on "Two
Apocalyotic Beasts." Lecture »t Bp. M. on "sex
and Marriage. " Written questions answered. All
are welcome.
BT^g= H. A. IRONSIDE, EVANGELIST, AND
u^& others will conduct revival services in'Gos-
prl Ha.., 16 Mason si., near Market, every even-
ing at 8 o'clock. Tuesday evening Ch.r.es Mont-
gomery will give an address on "Christ's Second
Coming for the Church " -NoouJay prayer-meet-
ing every weekday. You are earnestly invited.
Good singinp. Hyinnboots tree and no collection.
fc^sj- SAN FRANCISCO THI.OSOPHICAL
tfc^ Society. Academy of Sciences building. 819
Market st. — Lecture every Sunday cvcmiig. To-
night, "The science of the Soul," by Amos J.
Johnson. Subject Tuesday evening, "Karma."
f£^g= THE THEO-OPHICAL SOCIETY-^
w~s? The Brahmacharin will lecture to-night at
8 o'clock in Shasta Hall, Native rsons' building;
subject, "Man's Invisible Bodies " A B.'iagavad
(.:.. .lass, conducted by the Brahraacharih to-day
at 2 p m., roon. 6, Native Sons' building.
NOTICE OF MEETINGS.
H^S= ST. ANDREW'S SOCIETY— . 1O 1 >
B»-»^ Members are respectfully not! tied a, iAoft
tbatithe funeral services over the re- %>Trc
mains of our esteemed charter member '•fcSS^fc
and ex-president, tue late JoH.v BAIN, will be
held at Scottish Hall, 105 Larkin s  MONDAY,
May SI, at 2p. jr. Kvery member is expected to
attend. ANDREW WILKIE, President.
W. C. Cook, Secretary. ': ■ " ; ' ; : -..- . ■
|t^= NINETEENTH GRAND AN- a
»* nual picnic and excursion of theV^&^j
Austrian Military and Benevolent Associ-flKflngr
aiiou. in their elegant new uniform, atjlfc'^^'
Agricultural Park, San Jose, SUM) ' v.'iH" 0
June. l 3, 1897. Round trip $1. COMMITTEE-.
Cfc^s= MEMBERS OF THE PICNIC /r*\
t*^ s^ commit cc of S:. Patrick's Alliance (i||L
of Amer.fa- Attend next meet at K. VjLSLjn
K. B. Hall FRIDAY, May 28, to mane 0 !
arrangements for your picnic, to be held v -*i/-^'
at schnetzen Park, si-n Kafae!, Jnne 13.
J«<H GANEY, President.
Johx Hexsesst, Secretary.
p^S= feONS OF ST. GEORGE; >»».
t^-»' MONDAY next, May 31 : /~ZX3f&
tenth annu-il picnic at '•uisetjS^TJ^v
Park, in the Santa Cruz Moun-piMjrf^ M^V
tains: games, prizes, tugs-of-war:. yy^-Cv^v
concert in the pavilion; dancint;, W^ iS'^»-"©» k
etc.; trains leave narrou-gauge ■ A Jhm**""'"*j
depot at 7:45 and B:4s a m.; Oak- \j**!3a3£S£
land and Alameda same time; VprafisV«gay
tickets-. f1; children, 50 cents.
SPECIAL. NOTICES..
[XS 5 FRIENDS. WE ARE SADLY IN NEED
■X*"" of flowers.' Kindly "bring all you can spare
to Metropolitan Temple as soon as possible. W.
W. BTOxtK, Cnaimian Memorial Committee.
g^js= PRACTICAL DENTISTRY THOR-
*-*' oughly taught. For terms apply C, box 93,
1 all Office
9?Pzs* BAD TENANTS EJECTED FOR S4
»>*' rollections made: city or country. Pacific
Collection Co., 415 Montgy st., room 6; tel. 6580.
g^g= TURKISH CABINET BATHS FOR
»** r gentlemen and ladies. 120% Geary su,
room 11.
■^S=» MME. PEARL HARRISON, PALMIST:
*^ electric treatments. 120y 2 Ge»ry st.,rs. 2A3.
gZW' BAY CITY TRANSFER CO., REMOVED
**-& 244 to ailit, Sutter. 1 runks dellevred, 25c.
SUNDAY MEETINGS.
OAKLAND PSYCHICAL SOCIETY, RATER
\J □al Hall, Washington st— Sunday afternoon
BJ me. Montague will answer questions under in-
spiration and give psychomctrical reaaln.-s. Sun-
day evening Mrs. Llllle will deliver farewell in-
spirational lecture; Mr. Lillle will sing inspiring
song ■.
AT 9-9 MARKET ST.'; FIRST PROGRKS-
siv» Spiritual Church; 2 p. m., tests, full
names given. Mr. Keegan. Mrs. Dunham lien-
d rson, Kotter: 7:30 p. m.. lecture: tests: Mrs.
Heussmann. Dunham, i>r G. W. • ar;>enter, 11. D.,
Jir. Luhrs-Waters. Skeptics invited; 10c,
T IBERALS AND FREETHINKERS — DR.
Xj York speaks on "Orthodoxy or Heterodoxy,
"Which?" this evening at 8 sharp at Pythian
Castle, 909 Market St., first floor. - Liberal union,
' social and dance on next Tuesday evening, same
place All invited.
CALIFORNIA STATE SPIRITUALISTS' AS-
\J sociation at Scottish Hall. 105 Lai kin s  SUN-
DAY, May 40. at" 7:30 -P. m Mrs. Maude L. yon
Freitag will give one of her wonderful platform
Dallot-ies. seances. Skeptics and investigators In-
vited. Admission 10 cents.
AT KINES' SPIRITUAL SOCIETY, 909
-:V Market St., 11 a. M.. 2 riid 8 P. m: Mrs. Mi ley.
Jotison. Barclay, Hauson: all tens. Doc or's office
1236 Market si., 10 a. m. to 6 1: v.
VI MS. YOUNi.'S TEsT CIRCLE TO-NIwHT:
J'l 10c.; cngtess. 4 "18 McAllister st. .
QQ7 MARKET— TEST DEVELOPING. 2 P. M..
i'U I 8 P. M.. te t and healing: K. A. Stilt, assist-
ed by Ji»vo Steers, Meekln, Hargrave, others;
sick healed: sKeptics Invited; 10c.
VI RS. ELLIS. TRANCE TEST AND IN-
i'i Bi'lraiioaal medium, "ill resume sittings on
the Ist. rt June and ho d eire es on Tuesday and
Friday 2 p. M. 233 Valencia st-
I AST SUNDAY MEETING, 236 MOALLIB-
-■i ter st., to-night: tes s, messages. MRS.
MEYER, last circle Monday evening.
MRS. HENDEE ROGERS — TEST CIRCLE
to-night; 'luesday, Thurs. eve. 122 Taylor.
JJIKST-MKETING; 2 AND 8 P. M. CLEMENS,
-I Hausen, Ko.ier. 335 McAllister st.; loc.
SUNDAY . MEKTINGS-Continued.
rnEST SEANCE THIS EVKNING; SITIING^
I daily. Mils. EGGERT AITK&N. 320 McAl-
lister st. . :-\-;'-^ ..'
Mrs. maxwell colby. 122y 3 oak st.;
sittings daily; circle Saturday 'venlng.
V. MILLER REMOVED TO 409 LEAVEIi-
• worth st. ; no seance to-n?ght.
MRS. MAYO STEERS, 112% OAK: CIRCLES
Tuesday, 8 p. m., Thursday, 2 p. M. : readings.
EARLE. INDEPENDENT SLATt WRITER,
330 Ellis st.: hours 10 to 4.
FITXIATIUXi WAMKII-I'EJIALE.
,- -. ,-,.,. -,-,- r » --
LADIES LOOKING FOR SERVANTS CAN
find the best of all nationalities by appiylngto
J. F. CKOSEiT & CO., 316 Sutter St.
/GERMAN EMPLOYMENT OFFIC.--, MRS.
VJT LAMBERT, tel. main 5332, removed to 417
Powell st. • •
\\r ANTED— YOUR ORDER FOR HELP: ALL
V» descriptions. Mrs.Drnhm.2l 7 ;teil'layBs
SITUATION WANTkD BY AN ASSISTANT
dressmaker by the day in lanii.ios. Address
A. D., box 92. Cal.
UESPECTABLE WIDOW AND SON WISH
ii re.ldence to care f<r during summer; services
for rent: city or Oakland. S. M., box 85, Call.
GOOD WASHER WISHES FAMILY, IN-
fants' or small washing out or at home. 105
Prospeci place, off >ai rumento St., near l'o-vell.
LROFKSmOXaL NURSE WOULD LIKE A
I few more engagements: terms moderate; best
of references, Call or address 156 <<o den Gate aye.
. * MERICAN WOMAN OF 28 DESIRES POSI-
JV tton as working housekeeper, with care of
children, In respectable home; no tritiers- Ad-
dress N. It, box 42, UK.
yol'NO LADY RECENTLY FROM COUN-
X try wants housekeeper's place In hotel, widow-
er's or bachelor's home; no objection to children.
126 Fourth st.. room 4.
RELIABLE, TRUSTWORTHY WOMAN TO
XV do housework; good cook and chambermaid;
references: waees $10 to $15. 79 Jessie St., bet.
First and Second.
COMPETENT SWEDISH GIRL WANTS SEC-
\J ond work and waiting or second work and sew-
ing. 622 ia/lorsu
INTELLIGENT, REFINED AMERICAN
X widow (35) without incumbrance desires posi-
tion as housekeeper for widower or bachelor; city
or country. B. A., box 67, Call Office.
V] EAT GERMAN GIRL WISHES PLACE IX
-L» small American f!'.mil7 for general house-
work and cooking; references. Call or write 223
Twenty-ninth si.
p EKMAN WOMAN WISHES SITUATION
\X to do housework or housekeeping; city or
country; wa^es $10 to $12 a month and carfare,
504 Howard St. '
"Experienced LADY in traveling
Al* would like to go to Europe as servant, nurse or
companion; speaks several languages ; no wages,
but expenses. Address L.. box 108, Call l Dice.
* MERICAN WIDOW DESIRES POSITION
A as housekeeper: bachelor's or widower's home
preferred. M. . box 60, Call office.
TWO GERMAN COOKS AND 1 SCANDINA-
vian girl for houseworK desires situations; ref-
erences given. Apply J. F. CROSKTT <fc CO., 316
Sutter st. .: • . -■
ITUATION WANTED BY~ AME..ICAN
woman as companion to a lady on a ranch;
capable of doing outside chores. Address S. a. C,
408 Hayes st.
GKRMAN WOMAN WANTS WASHING,
ironing or housecleaning by the day. Please
call 1331 Pacific St., downstairs.
V 1 OTHER AND DAUGHTER WISH WORK
-'I together as cook and secnna girl: city or coun-
try. Address or call L. 11., 573 Minna st.
BY GOOD LAUNDRESS, WORK IN PRl-
vat-e family or laundry; ' wages $25. Address
or call L. 8., 573 Minna su
EXPERIENCED i.EKMAX LADY WISHES
Xli an. Kind of work by the day; $1 and carfare.
■-".'■J Fourth st., room 29.
pOMPfcTENT GERMAN OIRL WANTS BIT-
\J uation housework or cooking. Apply 3241
sixteenth St.
HOME IN WIDOWER'S FAMILY BY AN
..meiiciiri mi, an. 525 Fo som su
I ADT WAN IS POSITION AS HOUBE-
-1j keeper. 963 Mission st., room 18.
yOUNO GIRL DESIRE^ POSITION AS
. A typewriter or copyist. 838 Mission St., room 2.
"yOUNG GERMAN WIDOW DESIRES POSI-
A urn as housekeeper. 120 a Eddy st., room 2.
yOUSQ LADY WISHKB POSITION AS COM-
X patloD to -a.iy and assist with housework or
care of eh id 3 years or over. Address L. V., Call
Branch Office," 615 Larkin st~ .
]V"EAT ELDERLY WIDOW WISHES SITUA-
-Li tlon; capable doing the entire work of small
family; widower's family preferred. M.18., 216
Minim st., room 7.
ARRIED COUPLE . DESIKE SITUATION;
wife (Parisian French) as first-class maid,
husband as .first-class gardener: care or green-
house: not afraid to work; Al references. Ad-
dress M. W., box9d, Call office.
ANTED— BY A REFINED YoUNG LADY,
Ii a situation as nursegirl. Address MISS ALICE
HEATH, 1560 Fifteenth aye., Son.h San Fran-
cisco.
/-'■ KKMAN LADY WISHES SITUATION,
VX country, where she could have her 8-year-old
girl with her: second work, sewing, cooking, any
kind of housekeeping; references. Address v>. L.,
box 72, Call.
WANTED— BY A WOMAN WHO THOR.
" oughiy understands '.he care of insanity, posi-
tion as companion: best of references. MRS. 0..
.441 McAllister a..; home 2 to 6 P. if.
xrovso WOMAN WISHES POSITION as
X working housekeeper; is good sewer: cltr or
country, (.all or address M. L., 604 O'Farrell St.,
room 8, tecoi.d floor.
GIRL, 16, WOULD LIKE TO ASSIST IN
VX housework or do upstairs work: sleep home
1910 la kin st., rear.
YOUNG WIDOW DESIRES POSITION AS
X housekeeper In widower's or bachelor's home;
rity or country. Call bet. 11 aud 6 o'clock, 234
O'Farrell St., room 6.
TTRATTIVE YOUNG FRENCH WIDOW
desires a ace as working housekeeper; hotel
or bachelor's home. 122 Post st., room 2.
yOU.NG LADY WISHES SITUATION AS
X waitress or care of invalid: is good seamstress*
sleep home. Call 1445 Polk at,
SW COR. SIXTEENTH e»T, NEAS MIS
slon; branch office of TBa Calx- but*
scriptions and want ads taken.
Y^ ELDERLY WIDOW POSITION As
housekeeper in widower's family or for bach-
elor: well recommended. Address M. a., 1653
Fifth si., Oakland.
IJ KFINED GERMAN GIRL WISHES SITUA-
.1 1 tion for upstairs work and sewing or assist in
general housework. Call 449 iiaight si,: tel.
P. 3354. ' . ";":"-*■» --;,* -
POSITION BY YOUNG LADY AS CASHIER
A or assistant in doctor* or dentist's office, or pho-
tograph gallery : best of references. Address S. F.,
box 131. Cail Office.
■ __^__
yOU.NO WOMAN WISHES SITUATION AS
A chambermaid in hotel or boarding-house. Ad-
dress 44 Third 8-, room 5, Winchester House.
j £•1 C LAKKIN— BRANCH OFFICE OF THK
'» 1 tj CALL. Subscriptions and want ads taken.
___^
GOOD RELIABLK GERMAN GIRL WISHES
position as infant nurse in San Jose. Ad-
dress 213 Henry su, San Francisco.
pOMPKTENT WIDOW WOULD LIKE A
\J position; Is a good housekeeper. Call or ad-
dress H_'l Howard St., room 1.
yOUNO WIDOW, RECENTLY FROM THE
A city of Mexico, wishes a housekeeper's posi-
tion. Apply o(J5a Mason SU
\ r OUNG LADY, JUST FROM THE COUN-
X try, wants a housekeeper's place in a bachel-
or's or widower's home. Room 8, 207 Eaay si
Ist floor.
■V"OUNG PARIBIAN WIDOW WAN IS A
X housekeeper's place in a bachelor's or widow-
er's house; city or country. Rooms 10 and 11,
122 Post st .
"yOUNG WIDOW WISHES POSITION AS
X housskeeuer; In bachelor's or widower's home
preferred lain sewing done. 106 Fourth, room 1.
EASTERN W.DOW, LATE OF FIFTH ST.,
would like position as housekeeper. 862 1/«
Mission si., loom 8.
I RANCH OFFICE OF THE CALL. 167 NINTH
v au; want ad» and subscriptions taken.
-yOUNii GIRL WANTS SITUATION TO DO
X chamberwork and sewing or light housework;
speaks trench, Italian a d F.ngiish. Address K.
&. San Francisco P. O.
VfEAT.GEnMANGIKLWoULULIKKHOUSE-
XI Keeper's place: mending and plain sewing done.
Call Let worn i 2 and 6 o'clock, 207 Post, room 8.
THOROUGHLY RELIABLE AND COMPE-
X tent young lady of experience wants cosition In
Insurance othce: versea in all branches of office
work and details of insurance business; furnish
typewriter if desired: wugej to suit employer Ad-
dress He. lab. box 80, Call Office.
t*lC LA KIN— BRANCH OFFICE OF THE
* ' 1• ) lAil: : uliscrintloni r. in wan; ads taken.
"yOUNG AND ATTRACTIVE- GIRL JUST
A from the Eait desires to secure a lucrative
housekeeper's place: bachelor's or widower's
Lome preferred. It. 11, 223 Post St., secoad floor.
I urr Ni.>Tu BRANCH Of 1 1C& :OF
lO 1 'La*. Caxl; .; suswcripuoa ana w*<u ads
lakea. ■ ".'■ '. i
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAI/L, SUNDAY, MAY 30, 1897.
SITUATIONS ': WANTED MAI.K.
JAPANESE, CHINESE EMPLOYMT OFFICE:
waiters, liousecleaners. 80 Geary. TeL Grant 56
CHlXKlati « J A I'AM.-1.; J-.sT'D 20 YEAKS:
help:tel.mKin 1997. BRA OLE V <fc Co. .640 Clay
HUNTER & CO. CHIM AND JAPANESE
em p. otlice, 614y a California St., tel. main 231.
SAM KEK— CHINKSK AND JAPANESE I'M-
O ployment office 611-1-2 Bush st , nr. Grant aye.
nUIXESK AND JAPANKxfc EMPLOYMENT
("IHINESK AXD JAPANESE EMPLOYMENT
J office: best help. 414% O'Farreil. Tel. E. 426.
SIT WANTED "
0 As superintendent or foreman In furniture
lactOiy, having held that position for the last 23
years; am a German- American and a practical
cabinet-maker and machine hand; references.
Address G. A., box Ba. Call.
pARRIAGK BLACKSMITH, CAN DO 'ME
\J woodwork, wishes situation: countr/ prefer-
red. Address Blacksmith, .34 and I'M Fourth st.
p ARDENER (GERMAN), WITH BEST REF-
VjT erences. long experience in landscape, orchard
and vegetable work, wishes position in » private
1 lace Address U. L. 0., box 72. Call office.
EXPERIENCED COOK, ALSO A WAITER,
Xj desire positions, day or night; city or country.
Addiess Ml 1...1. i:, 1006V4 Natomast
WANTED— BY TRAVELING MAN, TO
'» represent 1 or 2 houses throughout -late of
California and Oregon on commission; has own
team and will canvass each county completely;
best references and bonds furnished. C. C. C , box
109, call Office.
pOMPBTENT HOUSE PAINTER WITH
\J tools wants work b>- day or piecework for
private parties: will work cheap; city or country.
Paint, box 94, Call Office.
yOCNG MAN DBbIBKB POSITION AS AC-
A countant, correspondent or any commercial
situation; experienced; thoroughly reliab.e; ref-
erences. Address C. D., box 141, Call Office.
l», r ANTED BY A YOUNG MAN A SITUA-
" tion as bookkeeper or stenographer; good ref-
erence. R. v.. box 142, Call.
COMPETENT YOUNG COLORED MAN
wishes situation as bellman in country or valet
to travel. W. V., box 46, Call.
rXPKRT ALL-ROUND BRICKMAKER CAP-
A!i able of managing wishes situation; under-
stands bul din? improved clamps, making and
burning front and common bricks: low wages. J.
H. STARR, Fruitvale, Alameda County, Cal.
PARTIES DESIRING RELIABLE COUPLE
A to take care of their residence during absence,
•Al references, address W. H. C , box 96, Call.
yOU.NO MASSEUtt AND MEDICAL GYM-
X nast wishes a place with an invalid; travel or
summer resort; can tend horses and u» useful oth-
erwise: reference. Address Y. M. M., box b5, Call,
MAN AND WIFE ON RANCH (DANISH):
as foreman or work small place; mm shoe
horses and do blacksmith work; wife good cook.
D. M., box 43, CalL
WANTED— A FIRST-CLASS POUTER JOB;
'" can furnish the best -of references. E. G.
POHLMAN, 907Va Mission st.
BY A GERMAN: GENERALLY USEFUL;
under;- tanis florist gardening, take care of
horses, driving: city references: reasonable
wages. P. M., 674 Sixteenth St., East Oakland.
"WANTED— BY SOBER, INDUSTRIOUS MAN
» ' and wife positions on ranch. A. B. C, box 64,
Call Office.
MAN AND WIFE WISH POSITION IN CITY
or countr', hotel or private place; man thor-
oughly conversant with hotel work, gardening,
etc. : and wife to do cooking or general housework.
M. w\, box 92. Call Office.
ANTED— WORK BY FIRST-CLASS HOS-
tler and gardener: private place: no objection
to country: willing and obliging: Urst-class refer-
ence: good place more object than wages. Ad-
dress H. G., box 4, Call Office.
SIEADY, MIDDLE-AGED GERMAN MAN
wishes position as coachman and gardener; is
willing and obliging; city or country ; relerences.
C, 2c>9 Stevenson s .
SITUATION WANTED BY GERMAN MAN
O and wife (no children) in ctuntry: wife good
cook: man good farm and vineyard hand. V. W.
box 38, Call Office.
QUBSCRIPTIONB AND WANT ADS FORTHB
O Caul taken at branch office, MV ii*y bl;
open until 9:30 o'clock.
p eneral BLACKSMITH AND GOOD
VX" shoer wants good place; city or country;
wages second consideration. B. G., box 94, Call.
\r ( UNO MAN (MAITKEKS- MAKER) DE-
X sires situation to do all kind of work in furni-
ture-store. Address M. A!., box 93, Call Office.
MIDDLE-AGED GERMAN WISHES »Il UA-
tlon to cook lunch or make himself generally
useful in hotel or saloon. Address M. A. G., box
60, Call Office.
"13 RANCH OFFICE OF THK CALLs 107 NINTH
XJ st — Want ads and subscriptions taken.
pOMPETENT YOUNG SCOTCHMAN WITH
\J knowledge of sugar business, first-class boiler,
dec ires a situation. Address S., box 7, Call Cilice,
Oakland.
WINCHESTER HOUSE, 44 THIRD ST.. NR,
»» Market: 200 rooms 25c to $1 60 per night:
fl 50 to $6 per week; convenient and respectable,
free bus and barsaec 10 anl trom tfce lerry.
FK3IALE lIKLP WAXTKD *''" : -'
pOOK AND ASSISTANT, COUNTRY HOTEL,
\J $60: 3 waitresses, same country hotel, $20,
free fare: 4 waitresses, city hotel, $20: 2 cham-
bermaids and wait, $20; waiiress. seaside resort.
$20: 4 waitresses, country hotel, $20; second
work, $15: cook, private family, $25; 8 girls,
housework, (20; 10 girls, housework, $12-$l5;
eirl, second work, country, $25. C. R. HANSEN
CO., 110 Geary st.
SCANDINAVIAN OR GERMAN HOU*E-
-0 keeper for superintendent of mines and his
wife; no cooking; see party here: call early; $25.
CR. HANbEN & CO., .0 Geary sU
HEAD LAUNDRESS TO TAKE CHARGE OF
a large hotel laundry. $50 and found, c. R.
HANSEN & CO., 110 Geary st.
WAITRESSES FOR THE COUNTRY, $20
each: 10 girls for housework, country places:
American woman to cook on ranch, $20, sea bo.ll
nere. MURRAY Jt KKADY, Leading Employ-
ment Agents, 634-636 Clay Si.
.TVT ANTED BY RKSPFCTABLE FAMILY AN
'» orphan girl 12 to 16 to adopt. 220s Powell.
p ERMAN GIRL; GENERAL HOUSEWORK;
VJT cooking. 24 Beulah, bet. Cole and Shrader.
LDERLY LADY CAN HAVE GOOD HOME
Xj in exchange for light housework. 1225 Fol-
S m st. ;»y:=;
\»/ REFINKD, EDUCATED LADY
»" or gentleman to fill a re^p maible position.
Call at 3598 Eighteenth St., corner Guerrero.
PERATORB ON SHIRTS. 18 SUTTER ST.,
fourth floor; tans elevator.
-17-ACATION VACATION
V Mothers can readily see by investigating that
our school speaks for itself ; give your girl a dress
to make ana send her to Flynn's Dressmaking
Parlors, 1055 Market St., opp. J. J. O'Brien's.
PLEASANT COUNTRY HOME AND SOME
A pay to willing girl for light housework. J., box
10. Call.
- PPRENTICE WAN I ED, Woßii. ON
Dl vests. Tailor-store, 350 Bush St., room 3.
■yOUNG GIRL CARE FOR CHILD AND AS-
A sUt in light housework: wa^'es $8. F. S. VAN
METER, 3635V 3 Sacramento st.
pIKL FOR HOUSrWORK AND COOKING;
1 ' family of three: $10; sleep home. Apply Mon-
day, 85 Albion aye.
"yOUNG GIRL FOR CoOKING, HOUSK-
A work, small family; references, $16. 1309
O'Farrell st. •;> i ;
SALESLADY; EXPERIENCED IN LADIES'
underwear. Apply at once, U. S. Industrial
Agency, 165 Crocker building.
SALKSLADY; EXPERIENCED IN CLOAKS
and suits. Apply at once, U. B. Industrial
Agency, 165 i rocker Duilding.
AMERICAN OR GERMAN GIRL; ASSIST
XX housework and baby. Call Monday, bet, 10
and 12 a. 11., 411b Van Ness aye. - '
OUNG GKRMAN GIRL TO TAK-. CARE
A of 2 children and assist in light housekeep.ng.
Apply 735 lurk St. P *V
\/ OLUNTEER CHORUS .SINGERS TO SING
V at Queen's jubilee, June 21. (.all at St. George's
Club, 317 Mason St., for rehearsal triPacii.v,
June 2. at 8:31) jr. x. J. W. McKliNZIc, 624
Eddy st.
ANTED-A LADY PARTNER IN' FIRST-
" class restaurant; small capital. W. it., box
64, Call Office.
LET THE PUBLIC KNOW IT NOW THE Mc-
Dowell is the largrst and by !ar the b»*t con-
ducted dressmaking and millinery s hoi lon the
entire Pacific -'least:' teach. ng catting, titling.
marine, finishing, draping, basting, - booing, in
fact everything peilalnlriß to first-class -dieas-
making, I: dies' tHiioring and exquisi c milli ci v :
we do nothing bt naives: cull ami see for your-
selves and no other argument will be needed: our
Dupils sew, make ana trim hats for them-
solves, friends or customers, and ail it costs them
Is $1 per week: a. H. 1 ynn, America's greates.
teacher, manager: do not be deceived by a simi-
larity or names: easy payments; unlimited les-
sons; now is t.e time to enter the MCDOWELL
Dressmaking and Millinery School, 103 Post St.,
opp. White Mouse.
GIRLS LOOKING toR POSITIONS WILL DO
well if they call on MRM. DttfHM, 217 Geary.
IF YOU WANT- SITUATION GO' TO MRS
SPENCKR'S office. 1321 Park st.,"Alameda.
PUPiLS FOtt PRACTICAL MILLINERY
school ; course thorough; pupils fitted for posi-
tions; easy payments ; satisfaction guaranteed.
306 sutter st, or 410 Leavenworth su ■
T ADIKS CAN OBTAIN EMPLOYMENT AT
XJ 1035 Market, room 2, bet 1 and sp. jc. .'
GIKL, ,I'oU GENERAL HOUSEWORK;
wages $15. 138 Fair Oaks, nr. Twenty-third.
GIRL/17 OR 18 YEARS, FOR GENERAL
VJ housework: a good home. Call 621 Haight s-
A MARKKT bT.— BRANCH OFFICE OF IHJ£
"1 Call; want arts and subscriptions taken., "•■':;"-
F.»>7 MONTGOMERY COKNER OF CLAY—
y-il open until 9:30 o'clock; branch office of
the Call; subscriptions and want ads. taken.
ft! X LARKIN— BRANCH OFFICE OF THE
UXU CALL. Subscriptions and went ads taken.
BEST AND QUICKEST PLACE ON EARTH
to learn drpcsrnakin:; and millinery perfect-
fitting patterns, 25c. MCDOWELL'S. 103 Post st
O£>lf* mission _ suKscmiTio-Ss A.\l»
£*O~i\t want a<is taken tor Thi Call.
PERATORS ON FLANNEL OVKKSHiKTS
and underwear. LEVI STRAUSS & CO., 32 V
Fremont st.
A MARKKT ST.— BRANCH OFFICE OP THK
"i - Call; want ad* and subscriptions tuKen.
MOST CONVENIENT AND RESPECTABLK;
I'l Winchester House, 44 Third St.. near Market;
'M) rooms: 25c to $1 6J per night; $1 60io.$J
ppr «fn iron 'mi, rlH t i""rn'T" io n:nl iroiu f«rrv.
HALE HELP WANTED.
Af\ FARMERS, ORCHARD and VINEYARD
""hands, haymakers, harvest-hands, eta, for
different places and counties, call early and get
good jnbi from $25 to $20; carpenter for a ranch,
easy steady job; 2 ralkors, $-6: sheepher<ler. $'i 0
and found: gardener for a country park, $20 and
found; 3 Choi boys and men, $8 $10 and $15 for
ranches. MURRAY & .HEADY, 63t and 636 Clay.
3 COOKS, $30 TO $60; 3 WAITERS, 525 AND
0 $30; 3 dishwashers, $15 to $20; assistant
camp cook; porter, country hotel. $15; washer,
country laundry. ,*2O and found: boy to work in a
grocery store and learn the trade, $10 and found,
must live with hi* parents, city. MURRAY &
READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
4 BLACKSMITHS, DIFFKRENT PLAC 8;
man to feed cupulo, $2 50 day: cooper black-
smith on a ranch: sailor foi a yacht, $20 and found.
-V URRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
i )C TEAMSTERS AND LABORKRS, CITY
—*J and country, $1 75 and $150 day, $25 and
$26 ler month and found: 60 men to build a canal,
$•-'0 and found, steady, good job. MURRAY «fe
READY, 634 and 636 Clay St. . ■
RAILKOAD TEAMSTERS, 2 AND 4
«'''« horses, SI 75 a day: free fare, free fare.
MURRAY <fc READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
FREE FARE— FREE FARE FOR ALL THE
railroad men \v can get at $1 75 a day. MUR-
RAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay st
Ti^RiiNCHOR SWISS SECOND COOK, COUN-
X try hotel, $50: second cook for springs, $40:
second cook for springs, $45; second cook, who
can do pastry, hotel, $••»; Portu?u e<e cook,
country hotel. $50: cook, country restaurant, $50:
cook for boarding-house: cook, country, $35;
ranch cook who can make butter, $2o; waiter,
country hotel $25; dishwasher, potwasher,
kitciienhands and others. C. R. HANSEN & CO.,
110 Geary st
O/A TEAMSTERS FOR CANAL WORK,
Ziv/ country. $20 and board; 10 farmers, differ-
ent ranches, $20 and found; 3 farmers, near city,
$20 and found (fare 25 cents); blacksmith, coun-
try, $1 60 a day and found; screw turner, coun-
try sawml 1, $45; sheepberder, C2O: 10 laborers,
city, $1 75 a day: cnoreb>y for springs, $15 and
found. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 110 Geary st
HEAD LAUNDRYMAN, COUNTRY HOTEL,
(50; washer, country laundry, $25: ironer,
country laundry, $25; washer, hand, country
laundry. $25; ironeron Tyler machine (see party
here). C. K. HANSEN & CO., 110 Geary st
MEAT AND PASTRY COOK FOR SPRINGS,
$60: second cook, same springs, $40. C. K.
HANSEN A CO., 110 Geary St.
CA TEAMSTERS FOR A NEW RAILROAD;
O\J long job: $20 and found: reduced fare. C. R.
HANSEN & C 0.,110 Geary su
Ifl WOODCHOPPEHS FOR SANTA CRUZ
I v Couuty: cord wood. C. K. HANSEN <t CO.,
110 Geary st.
BREAD BAKER, FIRST-CLASS COUNTRY
hotel. $50: pastry-cook vi d baker, hotel, »60;
bread and cake baker, country shop, $60. C. R.
HANSr.N & CO., 110 Geary st
On TEASiSTERS: COUNTRY; FRKB FARE.
~\J C. it UA.\SKN & C 0.,110 Geary st
If\ I'RUU-PICKKRS; STEADY JOB FOR
I\J all season. MURRAY <fc READY, 634 and
636 Clay st.
ANTED— HO TLKR FOR FIRBT-CLABS
»l country sable, S:.O And found, steady job; i
vinpyardlsts, north, $20 and founJ; 2 German
farmhands for Sonoma County, $20 and found; 2
choremen near city, $12 and $15 and found : Ger-
m»n boy to cook for 'J men, $10 and found: cook
for Institution near city, $81) . coo-: for nice resort
near city *30 to $50; German lunch cook, $25:
German farmer and wife, 840, etc. W. D. KWi-R
<fe CO., 626 Clay st.
Vy ANTED— PIANO-PL AND 81NGKR
'» for country resort north: steaiy for Pliable,
jovial party; $60 a month. W. D. EWi.R Co.,
626 Clay St.
\Y AX THREAD MACHINE OPERATOR.
»T 214 Battery st
BOY wanted at 2725 HOWARD st. be-
D fore 12 to-morrow.
, _____
PHYSICIAN OP. MEDICAL STUDENT OF
X etiergr and a good talker can secure an excep-
tional opportunity to make money. F. PERSON,
manager subscription department THE WHIT-
AKKM & RAY COMPANY. 723 Market SL
II OR 3 MEN TO JOIN PARTY; NEW GOLD-
£• fields. < olorado: very rich placer and quartz.
J. B. P., Cafe Roy aL; _
VV r ANTED— PARTY FOR STEADY 8ITUA-
"» tion; must have $200. W. C, box 57, Call.
ANTED— WORKING PARTNER IN 6
"" gold quartz mines. Address D. G., box 59,
Call oil ice.
MAN FOR GENERAL FARMWORK: SMALL
wages; boy for chores. 9 to 12, 239 Post, r. 12.
"VTOLUNTKER CHORUS SINGERS TO SING
V at Queen's jubilee June 21; call at St. George
Club, 317 Mason st. for rehearsal Wtdsesdny,
June 2, 8:30 p. m. J..W. McKENZIE, 624 Eddy.
QALESMAN— SCHOOL SUPPLIES: COO.V
0 try work; $100 salary monthly, with liberal
additional commissions. R. O. EVANS & CO.,
Chicago.
\\r ANTED-QUARRYMKN.LARORERS AND
'• 2 stonemasons. Inquire 335 Arlington st,
grocery, near Castro Addition, iff Chenery.
CA^HIEK — BHIGHT YOUNG MAN FROM
) 16 to 23 for cashier; splendid' opportunity for
satis actory young man.' Apply at once U. S. In-
dustrial Agency, 165 Crocker building.
ANTED IMMEDIATELY— YOUNG MAN
' J having $200 cash: must be competent to nil
cashier's position; summer months: reasonably
good salary; money fully secured. J. 0., box 34,
Call Office.
ANTKD — STRONG BOY TO HELP IN
'» bakery. Apply 827 Polk St..
HORSESHOE it TO BUY A SHOP IN THK
Mission, as the owner is leaving the city. Ap-
ply 644 Valencia st.
"IA rANTED _ SEAMEN, A. B. APPLY AT
»* shipping Agency, 10 Steuart St., upstairs.
BARBfcK-SHOP tOR S*LK ON ACCOUNT,
of death. 958 Seventh St., Oakland. .
lirANTED-CAPABLK MILLMAN AT TWO-
stamp goid quartz mill- Address by letter
only, J. a. LANE, Palace Hotel.
BIG KEDUCTIOA IN WATER FILTERS AND
novelties. BRICK & CO., 777 Market
WANTED— BAND, 8 OR 10 PIECES,
»" for pic nil- of Helvetia Liberal society on July
18. HERCULES POLLI, 313 butter. -
9PL»J/« JulS&iO-N' ST.-bKAStU OFFICE OK
_ t/_U Tun i't.r.r.4 buoaciiiJUOu4 fcua want ad 4
taken.
-.j'T ikiOiSTvioiliCxtV Si., iiiAjCH Olj'Fl^K
• •'— i u'lUKUii, waut wu tuiu nuDscrlpiloai
taken.' ■-- ■ ■ ■ ,•--• '.. ■ •'"> •■ .. ■ '
RUOMS, 150 1 U Vsc PKH SII.HT; 600 MO »1 50
par weeic. Orienial, 225 Drumm st
IV A N TED, Tut OLLKCi' VVA'.JEs DUE LABOR-
. »" ers*clorks KK OX Collection Agcv, 110 butter.
'j'l«\ ACMji. j^^ij^r: *■;..' , JlAhlvt I' ci.. nil-
-1 low Hxtn. -.or a room. it. ft iiigut; «l a went
SUBSCRIPTIONS AND WAA'I ADS FOX THE
Cam, taken at brancu utneo. a<iv iitoei sb;
open until b:'S.i o'clock.. • • .
ANTKI>— LABORERS AND MECHANICS
.-'» to know that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprie-
tor, still mas Denver Housv 217 Third st.: lad
large rooms: "5c )«r nlgnt; $1 to $3 per week. ,
T AKOE STOCK NEW AND SECOND-HAND
• ' shoes lor sale; lot = Indies', and misses' shoe*,
25c up; misfits exchanged; good r pairing: shoes
made to oul-r any style $■> up. Central. Repair-
ing Shop, 749 Mission St., i.ear Grand Opera-house.
BAKBKR3, AT TEN . lON ! SHOP WITH •»
revolving chairs; bath; $160. 419 Fourtn st
OQQ HAYKS s,i.— BRANCH OFFIO« OK
•JOt/ 'I'M* Call: ■ kuoticripuoiu and watt: kds
taken.
ANTED— IOOO MEN TO EAT OUR FRKE
■'" lunch with bottle beer or wine, sc. 'Managed
by JACOB UR.-.YFUSB, 4.2 kson st'
SW. (tiR.',SIXTi-.k.M'H M., NKAR MISSION,
branch « flice M '111. Cau. ttuuscriptiona and
want :■<; , lak-i,. '. ; % . >. . ■.-.--
JOURNEYMEN BA ÜBKKS' [STERNA-
O - tonal ' Unio:i of America Free '< Employment
Bureau, 34 Fourth st. 1. LESS, Secretary. ; |
ARBEBS' : ASSOCIATION FREE EMPLOY-
ment Office. :6. FUCHS, tjec*y, 325 Grant aye.
HELP WANTEb-Contlnuecl.
T ADIKS' SOLING, 35c; MEN'S SOLING, 60c;
XJ fine shoes made $2 up. 662 Mission st.
ANT ADa AND : SUBSCRIPTIONS FOH
"" Thk Call are taken at Branch otao* soatu-
«est corner Sixteenth ami ( Mlssioa srs. '
riOSEDALE. 321 ELLIS, NR. TAYLOR— IOO
XX single furnished rcoms; 25c a night: $1 week,
9f iflft PAIR. ANOTHER LOT MKN'SsHoKM,
<■""" been damaged by water, ai less than one-
fourth their value, from- 75c up to $2 50. 562
Mission St., bet. stand second.
Ty AN TED— MEN TO LEARN BARBER
" trade; shops, tools.' positions furnished; 8
weeks required, a. F. Barber College, 1 S8y 2 Eighth,
qOQ HAVES-BRANCH OFFICE OF THK
00-J Call; subscriptions and want ads taken.
T?LCHO HUL -. >-.3i/i HA HKKl 1 MT-r-f-v *»« 1
Xj 20c, 25c to too niun.; *i ,ot- went, j
SINGLE ROOMS 10c AND 16c NIGHT. 60c
and 75c week. Linden House, bixth and Uowad.
SIMON WANTS 100 MKN TO WET BO
. lie Over or winu 6c : Best frt»o lunch. U43Clar
WINCHESTER HOUSE, 44 THIKD ST., NR.
Marce:-. 200 looms, 25c a night: reading-
room: tree bin and r>»-r--\r» to and from tb<» lerrr.
AGENTS WANTED.
i"1 ENERAL AGENTS WITH SMALL CAPITAL
VT to instruct sub-agents to se 1 up-to-date stereo-
scopic views: big money for live, energetic men;
ca alogue and instructions free. Universal Photo
Art Co., 24 North Ninth st., Philadelphia,
A GENTS; A NEW ALBUM; FIRST AGENT'S
- commissions $106 first 8 days. Address for
exclusive territory, . F. PERSON, Manager sub-
scription department. THE WHITAKER &
BAY COMPANY, 723 Market st.
TjTLKCTRIC OIL BURNER; BIG SALES
Pj where Introduced: large profits; exclusive ter-
ritory. For terms address Chicago Oil Burner and
Stove Co., 137 Lake St., Chicago.
A GENTS - "NANSEN IN THE FROZEN
xl^World ' can be sold easier than any other book
now in the market; choice of exclusive field to
first applicants. F. Person, manager: subscrip-
tion dept.., The VVhltaker & Ray Company, 723
Market st. -
FURNITURE WANTED.
WANTED— SOME SECOND-HAND FURNl-
tnrp, large or small amounts; will pay good
price*. L., box 12, Call.
— <
BEST PRICKS FOR FURNITURE, MDSE.,
etc. STREET «fc CRESWELL. Auctioneers. 7 2l
Howard streeet Houses boucht in their entirety.
HOUSES WANTED.
HOUSE OF 6 TO 8 ROOMS; NORTH PART
of Market st.: rent $18 to $20; prompt pay-
ments. 11 3 Eighth st.
BY MAN AND WIFE, SMALL FLAT OR COT-
tage, near city. Address G. G., box 25, Call.
r -.;: ■-•■;■; KOOU.S WANi'iiJj.
BY A LADY-2 UNFURNISHED CONNECT-
ing rooms, between Jones, Geary and Market
st. Address J., box 12, Ca 1 Office.
WANTED-MISCKLLANEOUij.
OLD GOLD AND SILVER BOUGHT. W.
MUND, watchmaker and jeweler, 226 Ellis St.
SELL YOUR BOOKS, NOVELS AND CLOTH-
Ing to A. KLEIN, 109 sixth st. ; send postal.
MEDICAI,
A LL LADIES USE
J\. — —
RENARD'S REGULATING WAFERS.
RENARD'hS LAVENDER BALM.
;7 , BENARD'S GENKTIVO TABLETS.
RENARD'S SANITIVE DOUCHE.
For further particulars call or send 2-cent stamp
to Pacific Coast agency, Renard Medical Ca, 323
Sprockets building, 927 Market St., San Francisco.
GUARANTEED S. A Ffc.'. RELIABLE AND
EFFICIENT REMEDIES.
ALL CASES OF MONTHLY SUPPRESSION
(from whatever cause) restored In a few
hours: safe and sure at any time; Instant relief for
travelers: home In confinement: best care and
privacy: regular physician; .80 years' successful
practice; mr celebrated remedies for monthly
oppression never tail: every case guaranteed: con-
sultation five, confidential; hours 10 to 5: pills
MRS, DX. WYKTH, Ultf Post st, near Larkin. ;
DX. J. H. JOSSELYN, THE GREAT SPECIAL-
ist, still offers his valuable services to the uu-
lortnnate. With a mind matured and enriched by
studies of fin advanced order, there la hardly a
disease In the catalogue of human ills he cannot
treat to a perfect cure. Ladles, he Is always ready
to assist you. His knowledge has been strength-
ened by extensive experience. No case peculiar
to your delicate organism Is beyond his sura con-
trol. His female monthly remedies are sore and,
cafe In their effects. ' His tried and valuable reme-
dies for lost manhood are never-falling; In their
action, and are warranted for both young and old.
He excels all others in the enreof private diseases.
Over SO years of practice enables him to warrant
a curs in all cases. Consultation parlors, 9Ji
Market st Call or w rllu direct to U0& Market a;,
rooms 11 and 12.
PROCESS THAT IS PERFECTLY HARM-
less; never falls In any case of monthly sick-
ness, no motter what cause; no electricity hunt-
Dog or other dangerous methods: money In every
case refunded if a cure is i not effected; travelers
helped immediately; years' experience; home In
confinement with sanitarian convenience. Con-
sult free the only reliable physicians, DR. AND
MRS. DA VIES, 14 McAllister st, next Hlbornia
Bank: . hours. 9 a. x. to 6 and 7 to 8 p. x.
PROCESS THAT NEVER FAILS TO RB.
store every case of monthly sickness from
whatever cause in a few hours when medicines
and others have failed; no instruments used;
many years' experience: every case guaranteed;
advice tree; terms reasonable; first-class private
bom* for confinement MRS. I>K. UaLKY, Had
Market st., over the Owl Drugstore.
DR. FOULET'S FRENCH CAPSULES — A
guaranteed absolute cure for all female dis-
eases (no matter what cause); positively safe and
sure; no danger or after effects; taken in time It
also ao s as a preventive; price $1 50 per box;
sent free by mail on receipt of price. WALLER
BROS., 33 Grant aye, . .
TIDIES. CHICHESTER'B ENQLISHPENNY-
XJ royal Pills (Diamond Brand) are best; safe, re-
liable; take no other. Send 4c, stamps, for particu-
lars, "Relief for Ladles," in letter by return mall;
at druggist's. Chichester Cbem. Co.. Philadelphia
EW PROCUSS; NO MEDICINE OR INSTKU-
i-> ment; every woman her own physician for all
female troubles, no matter from what cause; re-
stores in one day; can be sent and used at home;
if you wish to be treated safe c ill on the man
physician. DR. POPPER, 318 Kearny st
TAB. ANDMKS. WEGENER. 526 EDDY ST.—
XJ Safe quick cure for all female com plaints guar-
anteed: privat" home In confinement: every com- i
fort; infants adopted; terms moderate: pills SI.
DRB. OOODWJLN SPECIALISTS, LADIE3 I
near or far: safe, quick cure guaranteed, any
disease or complaint: home for patients; best skill,
tree diagnosis: low fees:' self-cure. 401 Van Ness
A LPEAU S RKNCH PILLS—A BOON TOLA-
XV (lies with female troubles; no danger; safe and
sore; $2 60 express C. O. D. ; don't delay until too
late. OSGOOD BROS., Coast Agents. Oakland;CaL
SURK CURE FOR ALL FEMALK DISEASES:
home in confinement: every comfort: satisfac-
tion guaranteed. MRS. DR. uWYliu, 226 Turk st.
A LL FEMALE COMPLAINTS AND DIS-
XV eases of the eye permanently cured at MRS.
DR. SCOTT'S, 410 Geary st ; consultation free.
T\V PKAK-S FEMALE REGULATING PILLS;
XJ safe and efficient emmenacogue; $1 par box.
RICHARDS 4 : CO.. druggist* 1 06 Clay st.soleagts.
SURE CURE IRREGULARITIES OR OTHKR
0 female diseases. MRS. DR. PUETSS, 254% 4th.
PRIVATE HOME IN CONFINEMENT AND
X a mother's care. 608 Second at.
HOME IN CONFINEMENT: DISEASEB OF
women. Mrs. Dr.Funke, 1416 Bth st. , Alameda.
1 .K. HALL, 14 McALLIbTER STREET, .N.cAJi
XJ Jones. Diseases or women ana children.
•HORSES.
THIRTY GOOD YOUNG WORK AND DRIV-
-1 ing horses. J. D. FORRESTER. 426 Valencia.
OR SALE-CHEAP. YOUNG DRIVING
F mare; sound, Derftct; lady's no.se. . 1169 Ho-
ward si. "
J^OR SALE— DAPPLED BROWN HORSE, 8
years old. kind and gentle; also phaeton. Olym-
pic Club liable, 6U3 butter st.
HORS.E* PASTURED, $2 A MO.; BENn FOR
circular. Hyde Ranch, 630 Commercial st
"OEMOVAL SALE OF LEIBOLD HARNESS
XV Company— Harness, robes, > whips, eta, ; at
cost prior to our removal to our elegan: store and
workshop at 21 1 Larkin st., whi-r- we will ■ keep a
full line of harness, wagons, buggies, etc. .
. A UCTION/SALES EVERY SATURDAY AT
AUCTION SALES EVERY SATURDAY AT
-Cjl 11 o'clock of horses, buggies, wagons, harness,
etc. Emporium sales yards, 220 Valencia si., S.
WAT KINS/ auctioneer. ■--.* . •,'; -i y . ■.
Af\ HOKSKS FOR SALE; ALSO WAGON.H.
l\f . buggies, I carts, harness; Grand Arcade Horn
Market, , 327 : sixth st : auction - sales every Wed- .
nesday. SULLIVAN & DOVLK. Auctioneers. ..;'
CA HEAD OF HORSES i<UITABLK FOR ANY
«.'Ubus!ness 900 to ]50» pounds. Old Turk-st car
Stables. 1801 Turk: team of larre voting mulei '
* . . SEWING MACHINES.
fl* O MONTHLY ;RENTEn,REPAIRED,bou<ht,
tjp^sold, exchanged; machine supplies. 146 sixth
: PERSON .
INFORMATION WANTED Of' M. H. WHE-
X lan; came io California about 1850 from New
York; »a3 miner; was In sau Francisco 1855 or-
-19j6; heard of in Sacramento in ihe 60's: informa-
tion thankfully received. Address L. W., box 40,
Call. •
MAN. AGK 33, WITH BTKADY POSITION,
-"X desires the acquaintance of a respectable
working girl or youn* widow; . Scandinavian or
(•erniau preferrd: object matrimony. Address
K. A., box 47, tall Office.
ANY INFORMATION IN RKGARD TO THE
-^V hereabouts of HENRY MOUlt. a native of
Holm, Germa-iy, last heard of at Merced, Cat.,
will be thankfully received by MoHR <fc sTKF-
i;il■^S. NE. cor. Pacific a. id Polk. Sau Franc. sco.
/^ENTLKJIAN OF MODERATE MEANS
v*. wishes to correspond with wealthy lady; ob-
ject matrimony. Adu.-ess O. M., box 62, CalL [
SUCH HAIRURKSSIXG AS I PO FOR 26c
kJ cannot be done anywhere else for less than
6Oc: that partly accounts for my enormous busi-
ness— the largest on the Pacific Coast; shampoo
and Plata bairdressing, 50c: switches from $1 to
$3. G. LEDEKEK, 111 Mockton st. .
TIIRS. M. E. BASCOM, FORMERLY OF 115
ATX Geary st. has reopened her dressmaking par-
lors at 16iOA California su, ana would be pleased
to see her old cuv.omers.
TT AIR RE VENATOR, "QOINON IA" HAIR
XX Tonic; 36c bottle. G. LEDt.REK,III Sucktou.
SUIT TO ORDER ON EAiY I.\STALLMkJNTB.
0 L. LEMOS, 1117 Market at, bet Seventh and
Kigh:h.
RS. G. WOOD, MIDWIFE; DISEASES OF
the womb a specialty. 243 ship ey, nr. Fifth.
EGYPTIAN E.NAM EL. THE FAMOUS BKAU-
tifier; 60a MRS. M: J. BUTLER, 181 1 ost st
CEMKTKJtT FKNCES, $3 UP. DOIGLAS
\J 1716 Central aye., bet Biish and Pine.
ALtFORNIA HYPNOTIC INsT., 888 MlS-
slon: hypnotism practically taugtit.tS: success.
MME. HOLLAND, PALMIST, HAS RE-
turned and located at room 1, 223 Post st.
END 12c STAMPS FOR GREATEST CURL-
SEND 12c STAMPS FOR GRKATKST CURL-
ing-iron heater on earth. Q.. box 12 CalL
DANCING-BALLROOM OR STAGE TAUGHT.
IRVINE'S, 421 Post St., Union Square Hall.
T>AG CARPETS WOVE TO ORDKR AND FOR
XV sale: also cbenille-wove rugs, silk portieres:
dealer in carpet twine, in hank or chain, at lowest
rates. GEO. MATTHEW, 709 Fifth st. Oakland.
DAVE H. TOLLS. RESIDED IN TURLOCK,
■end your addresi'lo G. 11., box 65, Call OfUee,
and hear of someone rou would like to hear from.
SADIE EVANS, COSMETIC. PARLORS RK-
O opened at 7 Grant aye., rooms 2 and 3.
AYE YOUR HOUSE PAINTED WITH Al
stock; no a ope or fish oil; rooms papered $2
up; whitened, $1 50 up: papered, grained, varn-
ished, $5 up. F. M. AMBROSE, 1029 Kearny st.
A DVICE FREE; DIVORCE LAWS A SPEC-
A ialty; private; no fee without success; probate,
insolvency, collections, patents, trademarks, eta.
obtained; private detectives; established lOyears.
G.W. BOWE.atty at law, 850 Market.cor.Stocktn.
CLOAKS AND TAILOR-MADE SUITS RE-
tailed at wholesale figures. 20 Sansome st
MME. VIOLET CHESTER HAS REMOVED
to 765 Market st, room 15,
Y. UNO WOMAN wishes POSITION as
-I- housekeeper. 235 O'Farrell st, room 7.
DARIIXOTON'S bCHOOL OF li,LUsTRA-
X. tlou, 424 Pine; about 150 drawings and sketch-
es by students will be exhibited next Friday and
Saturday afternoons from 2 to 6; free admission
WILL LOAN 850 ON Pl.* N": USE OF SAME
»» pays interes- M., box 18, Call Office.
THK PROOF OF THE PUDDING IS IN THE
X eating; the proof of my halrdress us 13 iv the
constantly Increasing patronage: come and see for
yourself; hairdrt-.ssiiig, any kind, 25c: restoring
gray or bleached hair to natural color, $1 60 to ss.
G. LEDERER, ill Stockton st
AIR STIMULANT - "EUINONIA" HAIR
tonic, 35c bottle. G. LEDERER, 111 Stock-
ton st.
SUPERFLUOUS HAIRS REMOVED BY
0 electrolysis. MRa DR. WELCH. J2115 Bush.
SUITS TO ORDER ON I.NSIAiLiIi.S i> »l
a week. N.Y. Tailoring Co., 115 Kearny. upstairs
UHH'MATISM CURED OR MONEY HE-
Xt funded; poor treated fre-. 305 Eddy st .;•,::•;
HUFS-CHMIOT, SANITARY PLUMBER,
. gastitter. 623 Golden oate ay. Tel. butter
DRU H KENNESS — CURES GUARANTEED..
XJ Gold Cure, Sacramento, CaL ; 26 Page st, S. F.
lOOf) BUSINESS CARDS PRINTED, $160;
X\J\J\J wedding work. HILL, 22Va Geary st
XX LI ABLE AND EFFICIENT DETKCTIVE,
XV service. Rooms 19. -0 and 21, Chronicle DlUg.
BIG OUTDOOi: STEKi-OI'T'ILON t-HuW EVE-
ry night cor. Market and Sixth bis. ; artistic ad-
vertisements In living light;' promoters of bun-
ness. Consult OWL ADV. C 0... 1140 Market st. .
TJUPTUKK A-MI PILES (LKKt) NO PA r
it until cured; send for book. DRa. at AN*
1 IELD A PORT ELD. 838 Marke: st.
ELECTRIC LltiHl'.-i IN EVj^ltY ROOM;
Winchester Bjods^ 44 Third st, nr. Market:'
iCO rooms. 260 to $1 60 per night-. $1 50 to $6 per
week: fret) bus and bagga«» 10 mid irom :tie terrr
DRESSMAKERS. .
DRESSES $2 UP: CAPES $1 UP;. WRAP
pers 50c up. 431 Minna st .
X.OST.
I OST-FKIDAY EVENING, BETWEEN 7
'' and 8:30, heavy black silk muffler, initials C.
E. S. Un one end. return to 1113V2 Bryant st and
receive lioeral reward. . •;' . . .
LOST— CREAM-COLORED JAPANESE PPG.
with collar. Rerurn to 655 Stevenson and
receive reward. -v;v;=:-'y-
rpHE UNDERSIGNED HAS LOST HIS CHECK
1 made out to his own order on 1 he Nevada Bank
of San FrancUco for the sum of $2000.- s.<id check
was certified July 25, 1896, under 1528: all per-
sons are hereby warned aga nst negotiating the
same, as payment thereof has been stopped. S. C.
HEINEMAN, Tempe. Ariz. " |
LACK COCKER SPANIEL, MAY .20. RE-
turn to 2216 Fi:imore and receive reward.
FOR SALE-MISCELLANEOUS.
A NTIQUE CHEST OF DRAWERS FOR SALE
J\. and other things, owned by a New Hampshire
family since 1752. Seen at 2217 Howard st O.
L. WXNSHIP.
OLITAIRK DIAMOND RING FOR $30;
worth $60. ciNCLE HARRIS, 15 Grant aye.
<B»-|fr DOMKSTIC SEWING MACHINE, 6
J.t). drawers, good order. 1915 Mission st,
near Fifteenth, .
PACIFIC INCUBATOR; VERY CHEAP-
X nearly new; 350-egg capacity. 224 Twelfth.
FOURTH OF PLAT IN MOUNTAIN
View Cemetery; cheap. J, box 6, Call -Office
Oakland. .
1 C YEAR ESTABLISHED LOAN OFFICE
i O for sale. Apply at 231 Third st .■.:'_-,.■
FRESH COWS: HOLSTEIN SECOND CALF
£i and Durham; large milkers; £gentle. 1312 i-ol-
som st.
C-ROOM FURNITURE FOR SALE, $140. 19V5,
\TEW MARCH '97 WHEEL, CHEAP 219
XI Powell st ;
ELEGANT UPRIGHT PIANO FOR SALE
XJ cheap. 219 Powell st • ,
FRESH JERSEY COW FOR SALE: VERY
gentle. 3065 Seventeenth st. near Folsom. .
OP LEN D I D SMITH PREMIER TYPE-"
0 writer, No. 1; a bargain. L. and M. ALEXAN-
DER, 110 Montgomery su
QffgsaaF* ***********
CAFES- BARGAINS IN NEW AND BECOND-
VJ hand; all sizes; *lsoalotof safe-deposit- boxes.
CHARLES WALTZ, 109-111 Market st., 8. F.
I 'OR SALE-LARGE SHOWCASE; ALSO
X cotton-case; must be sold by Ist 320 Hayes-
INK SUIT FOH »:o AT THE MISFIT
X Clothing Parlor, 513 Montgomery st.
riHOICE WINTER APPLES, COLD STORAGE,
rT^£i 0 « 0n , d . a for the traao at low prices.
CONSUMERS' ICE COMPANY, 420 Eighth st
MNGtR SEWING MACHINE; WILCOX
<IP"-4 Gibbs automatic tension; $22 60. 1559
Market st . ■
V ARS, BACK BARS, iIIKROKS, SHOW-
cases, counters, linoleum, office turnitura,
1 tore and office turn I turn and fixtures, new and
second hand. J. NoONAtf, 10i7-lul»-lU;sl-JUUJ
Mission s: . above Sixth. s -
SAFES— NEW A-O JD-H AND. «09
Market st-
-1 7-HORSE-POWKR ENGINE, 1 4-HORS.-
, X power engine, with 1 oiler, gas-engine, lathes,
planers and shapera. . 516 Sixth st
hOILERS,KNUIiNES,JI>-iiA.\j> MACHINERY
-1 J water-pipes. Mclntosn Jt Wolpman. 137 Heads.
CVb'WiH MILL. stALts, LKTTKIi PRESa^
V stand dcs». money till, sate: cheap. 102 Clay.
; JjAKS. SHOWCASES, COUNTERS. &HKLV-
Xi lug, eta, bought and so.d. 1063 Mission, nr. 7th.
VftW ELMWOODRANGKS ARE THE IiKST.
J.\ W. tx RAY MFG. CO 12 California st. ; V ; .
£1 p. LARKiN — BRANCH .OFi ICE OF THB
I viw CALL. HabacnpUooa and want ada taken.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
CM GH STATIONERY. CIGARS, LAUNDRY
<Jp I OU. office; corner; worth $4UO. DICKER,
10^0 Market »t. , • ,
<B!Atk(\ SALOON; COST 81100: LOCA-
J|)ttOU. lion. H. C. DECKER, 1020 MarKe. at.
Q>£.f\(\ PARTNER; GROCERY AND Bal^L* 1
«Jpc)UU. fine corner Western Addition: ciii'x
rooms; owner her-* 6 yeari. STE.nBERG, 63*
Market st
m;fl-jif» WILL ESTABLISH you in good
<J)iyc)v.'lf legitimate business that will guaran-
tee to clear J-350 per month: established 15 years
on this coast: banking and me^cantil.' references:
books open to legitimate buyer; will grand fullest
Investigation. Particulars WINsTON <fc THOMAS,
646 Market st -
FINE OPPORTUNITY; WELL-PAYING SA-
' loon, centr.illy located; private rooms, together
with 17 furnished rooms, all rented; moderate
rent: long established. Apply to STREET „
CRKSSWELL, 721 Howard st.
OR FIRST-CLASS SALOON AND
£ cigar-store a:. No. 18 Kills St., together with
stock, fixtures and itood will. Sealed bids will bo
received by F. A. DRINKHOUSE, trustee for
creditors, at 223 Battery at.. San Francisco, Cal.,
until 1 p. m., May 31, 1897, where inventory of
stock may be examined.
,
d»OC/tn HALF INTEREST IN AN OLD-
tJp^OUU. established fruit and produce com-
nrsson business, with lanre trade all over the
State and Oregon: a good opportunity or light
man; must give reference. Address G. C, box 39,
Call Office. V. -
I(wm downtown COFFEE an
SP.LUUU. lunch plae: receipts $45 per day;
clears $174 per month; trial given;- this it a good
opportunity for waiter or cook. .Address T. C,
box 65 Call.
ARK CHANCE FOR A MAN AND WIFE
or 2 ladles: a nicely stocked drygoods and no-
tion store on a busy corner for sale cheap: 4 rooms
and bath back of store, ..p. cor. Bryant and 21st,
DINING-ROOM FOR RENT; BEST L.OCA-
XJ lion id Oakland: rent taken on- in board.
Brunswick Ho.el corner Ninth and Washington,
fOrm DINING-ROOM AND RESTAC-
•!?«)"". rant; elegant fixtures, silverware, etc.;
doing good business: fine location. 136 Turk st.
I QUENCH LADY DESIRES LADY PARTNKI
X; understanding hatrdressing: small capital. H.
C, box 143, Call office. • - "••:
1?OR S\LE CHEAP— NOTION-STORE AND P
branch bakery; splendid locatloa: owner going 1
away. Call 633 Chenery st i
ANDY, STATIONERY AND NOTION--'
store: near 2 schools; reasonable. G. 0. , box
94, Call Office. . •
ANDY-STORE AND FACTORY; GOOD LO-
cation; reasonable. Address C. a,, box 17,
Call office.
X\T AGON-MAKER WANTED TO BUY
" good business In country town. xi. V., box
91, Call.
T) RANCH BAKERY AND NOTION-STORE: 4
-D living-rooms; cheap. 1612 i/ 2 Folsom st -
BRANCH BAKERY. CANDY AND NOTION
stort; 2 living-rooms. 8«7 Folsom st.
T ARGE SHARK IN GOLD ORE SHIPPING
XJ lode for tilting ca.' t G. W.. box 97, CalL
/I ODD BUSINESS FOR SALE CHEAP. 1126
VT Valencia st ' * - . "
ffljC^/A 'CO All YARD: ABOUT 300 CUSTOM-
«ir«J'*l'. ers; member Coal-dealers' Association;
horses, wagons, scales, screens, safe and desk:
rent $i 0 Address Coal, box 12, Can Office.'
OLD ESTABLISHED GROCERY AND BAR;
must sell on account of sickness in family. Ap-
ply 1122 Montgomery st.
FOR SALE— STAR AND GAKTER SALOON.
137 Fifth st. : established 11 years: 3 living-
rooms: no ag>nts- - -
T\ r A NTH)— TO PURCHASE A MILK ROUTE
* ' for cttgh.'- Address a. C, box 12, this office.
fi OOD LAUNDRY UOUTEFOR SALE CHEAP.
lj S. M , box 96, Call.
GOOD PAYING < ANDY AND ICECREAM
VJ factory: .before the Ist; cheap. This office
<R^nn GROCERY ANI> BAR; 3 LIVING-
.^pO\J\J. rooms: receipts $12 a day.' l 22 Langton
OTOVF. AND TINWARE STORE ANDSHuP,
Ocity: complete stock; well established; cen-
tra lv locaed: will sell at a bargain. Call or ad-
dress J. CURTIS, 1027 Harrison st
/"I OOD PAY ING BUSINESS SUITABLE FOR
VI lady or gentleman: price with stock $140.
537^ Elizabeth St. . . .
DINING-ROOM AND KITCHEN OF loris-
ton, 621 Bush st., will be rented to caterer.
FOR SALE— A FIRST-CLASS MILLINERY-
store; on account of retiring. ' 232 Sixth st.
PSTIMAB/iE YOUNG LADY WANTS GEN-
XJ tleman partner. R. 13, 102 Taylor, ad floor.
i, AKERY. NOTIONS AND TOBACCO: FOR
• sale cheap ;accouut of departure. 412\*| Sixth st
BAKKRY AND NOTION STORE; ACCOUNT
of sickness; owner had It 6 years: no agents.
1526 Kentucky St., opp. sugar-house, Potrero.
! 1 ! ,
GREAT BARGAIN — BAKERY, COFFEE
VT parlors; fine business: centrally located; sell
at great sacrifice.. Call on premise], 1305 Mission
» 17- CORNER 'saloon for SALE ON
«JD"i I t>. Fourth st. Inquire Call Office. . ..
VUD.NO LADY, STRANGER, WANTS GEN-
X tleman pan ner. , 9 Powell st, room 8, 2d floor.
PAP B ROUTE FOR SALE. P. O. BOX 8,
North mescal, Cal. . .
OLD-ESTABLISHED COAL, WOOD. HAY,
grain anil stable business: owner retiring; busi-
ness here 1 1 years: tell cheap. Call 1623 Market.
ijUNE I ORNER NOTION-STORE; CHEAP;
F bakery, cigars, etc 2701 Mission st.
ATOUNG LADY, STRANGER IN CITY, DE-
X sires gentleman ■ partner. . 9 Powell st, second
floor, r.oni 8.
L'OK SALE— AN OLD-ESTABLISHED BUSI-
x ness;.boardlns-house and saloon. 2623 Sntter.
"L OR -FAMILY RESTAURANT:
X I large dining-room; French ranee: a suites of
rooms: bath, etc Apply W. B. CLUFK, 17 Sixth.
171 OK SALE— .SHOEMAKER SHOP; CHKAP;
I? account ill health. Address L. SCHLESBEL-
MANN, WatsonvUle, Cal.
FOR SALE —SACRAMENTO AGENCY OP
this paper. For particulars 1) quire Call Office.
PORTLAND AGENCY THIS PAPER. IN-
x quire this ■ office or at 133 Third st, Portland,
Oregon. , • , .
OKO^r MISSION _ SUBSCRIPTIONS AND
Z.O^> want ads taken for THK CALL.
LODCIMi-lIOISKS FOR KALE.
OQ-ROOM HOUSE: BUNNY CORNBR; ALL
~O rented: $.00 cash, bal. payments. DECKER,
1020 Market st.
H-ROOJt HOUSK ON EDDY ST.. $360; 18-
Xtr room house, only $200 cash, balance pay-
ments, $600; 22-room house on Geary st., $1300;
Other bargains. H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market st
Q1 ROOMS; NICELY FURNISHED; LOW U
Ox ren: , 1850
25 rooms; new; rent $80; payments.... 300
18 rooms: corner; new; paying; low rent.... 450
Spcial bargains this week. UNDERWOOD,
765 Market st.
/< /< ROOMS ON MARKET ST.; RENT $125.
TtO SPECK & CO., 602 Market st.
LODGING- FOR SALE AT HALF
XJ price If sold this week. Apply a. 1 29 third st
"VTICE CORNER HOUSE FOR SALE; 32
■IN rooms. . 704 Howard st, corner Third.
"PARTNER WANTED; $300 CASH; 7J-ROOM
X house: good location: low ren ; house nearly
fuIL Address M. X.. Box 81, Call.
99 ROOMS; ELEGANTLY FURNISHED;
•£*•« Geary st. ; with or without dining-room: cost
$3000; cheap. W. A. DA WES, 632 Market st
JODG ING -HOUSE FOR SALK, WITH 18
JJ rooms, all rented: full investigation allowed;
no dark rooms. Inquire 120 Fourth st.
FURNITURE FOR MLB. ..
i- URN ITU RE,- STOVES CARPr.TS. COUN-
I I ters, showcases ANDERSON, 1121 Market
SAVE MONEY— BUY 1-UKNITUKE FROM
Buckingham Fur. Co., 866 Mission; advances.
HOUSEHOLD RANG ARK THE BEST
JOHN F. MEYERS CO.. 947 Market st.
I CARPET CLEANING.
/CARPETS CLEANED* KENOVATED LIKE
V^new. Tenth; teL South 88. liacklntosh ACa
J WATTS, reliable .arpet-cleaniuß renovtg.' alwr-
J . atlon works. 413 McAllister. lei. Jessie 321.
/CARPETS CLEANED. HESOVaIED LIKK
\J new: J.McQUKE.N. 4S3 Stevenson. Tel. S.2JS.
ADVANCE CARPET-CLKANING CO., 403
2\. -utter; tel. Main 394. GKO. WALCOM. prop.
CAITY STEAM CARPET-CLEANING WORKS;
V^ cleans, moves, ays carpets. G. H. STEVENS,
Jlgr.. 38 and 40 Eighth st.: telephone South 250. j
CARPEI-v LEANING. Sc: LAYING," 3c; RU3 J
\J samples free: teL Jessie 944. Stratton, 38thsi.
W HKN Yul7 -BECOMK DI>GUSIEi) WITH
.'." poor work send to SPAULDING's Pioneer Ca^
pet-beatin^ Works. 353-67 1 efaama at; teL Sq 41
JE.MITCHKLL. CAKCLT-tiJiAMXU CO.
. 1:40 14th su : cleaning 8c a yard. TeL Mis. 7k
fW2* KLIN'S CARPJiT- BEATING WOK^
\J 333 Golden Gate aye. Telephone East 12& -
O] C LARKIN-BRANCH OFFICE OF TUB
VIO call. Subscriptions and want ads take*CITY REAL ESTATE.
GH. UMBSEN 4 CO.,
. REAL ESTATE AGENTS,
Rent Collectors and Auctioneers,
14 Montgomery, nr. Market.
s- BARGAINS— JUST RECEIVED.
-J INVESTMENT ON PACIFIC HEIGHTS.
I sill PvfkA RENT $103 70-2 FINE BAY-
• i O 1 A.OvU. window flats of 7 rooms and bath
each: bilckfoundation,etc: large lot, 28x1287:1/4;
this Is in a fashionable locality and always rei tea
A GOOD SMALL INVESTMENT.
C-Q^/in R r- NT $36 60 PER MONTH-SUB- ,
«IpOU\»U. stantial house In 2 flats of 4 and 5
rooms and bath, and lot: brick lon ndai lons; > al-
le]ost.; good renting locality.
A NICE CORNER RK.sIDE CB. _ c _
QQCnn CORNER ON SACRA TO ST.;
«3)OOUU. substantial and comparatively new:
2-story and basement bay-window residence of 9
rooms and bath; brick foundation, etc.; stone ,
walks: both streets accepted: 25:6x100; must be
sold to close an estate; no reasonable oner re- ;
fused.
CHEAP LOT. , , az rr,TlT
•CJQOMfk CHURCH ST.: 50x125: SHORT
«J)OdUU. distance Irom Market st. m :
TWO SUBSTANTIAL FLATS.
WfKP^ri EDDY ST.: RENT $13 PER
<rOl)OU. month: 6 and 5 rooms and bath each;
brick foundation, etc.; stone walks: lot 25x87: 8.
PRESIDIO HEIGHTS KESIDENCi. AT a
C 17KA COMPARATIVELY SMA L L
>*i<OU. price, but a large bargain: elegant !
■newKastlake house of 7 rooms and bath; brick ,
foundation, etc; line marine view; this Ha real
CALIFORNIA-ST. RESIDENCE LOT.
Ci?9OKfl GOOD LOCALITY FOR FLATS
r&ZOOU. or residence: 25x137:6.
SMALL PKICE, BUT 810 BA T R " AI Sv. TT , r „
CUT i-AA RENT $240 PER ANNUM; 3
*£■ 1 uUU. flats on iernard st, near Pacific and
PACIFIC HEIGHTS RESIDENCE LOT.
40x137:6: THISISADEADSNAP.
ANOTHER* BIG BARGAIN.
©QfkAH CORNER RESIDENCE OF 21
♦JpyUUU. rooms: stable: elegant lawn and gar-
den; commands grand unobstructed views: very
large lo:: 125x129, In oi:e of the most fashionable
neighborhoods of the City.
A MISSION BARGAIN.
C*i)f\t\n KKNT: $240 PER ANNUM: SUB-
•7-UUU. stantial house In two flats; 25x90;
street accepted; 24th st.
A BARGAIN NEAR MARKET AND VALEN-
CIA STREETS.
ft ! 1 000 RE - N "T. $111 PF-R MONTH; 6
«Jp L 1 .\J\J\J. substantial flats: brick founda-
< uon, etc.; both streets accepted ; 37:6x80; thisis
a snap.
1 RICHMOND JOT?.
li <£QXO EACH— 2 LOTS EACH 25x120. COM-
„. *£)C«Jv/ minds fine marine view; ready to build
on: owner must sell.
MISSION WARM BELT.
$97^0 VERY CHEAP 2-STORY HOUSE
•T— I O\J. of 7 room? and bath; basement: bay-
windows: brick foundation, etc; stone naiks;
nice garden.
PACIFIC HEIGHTS RESIDENCE.
<in P\(\(i HOUSE OF 12 ROOMS AND
.^D-i-\J.O\J\J. bath: attic; laundry, etc. ; 127:6
x 137:6; grand marine views.
Call and obtain one of our "Real Estate Records."
which contain a list of properties for sale in all
parts of the City.
G. H. UMBSEN * CO., 14 Montgomery st.
SHAINWALD, UCCKBKE & CO, RKAJL. ES-
O _„ , TATE AGENTS,
ilb-220 MONTGOMERY ST., MILLS
BUILDING.
HOUSES RENTED.
SBoo— B th aye., bet. Point Lobos aye. and Clem-
ent st. ; lot 25x120 fee: ; lots In this block are held
at $1100 each.
$3300— New flats an.i rear cottage; lenis $32
monthly : 6th aye., near Point Lobos aye. ; lot 25x
120 foet.
$1.',0r0-P.ic.fic Heights district; large resi-
dence of : 5 rooms and bath; fine marine view;
lot 76x200.
83 9,000 — New modern flats on Geary St., near
Lacuna; rent 5 5126 monthly: 10145x120t0 rearst.
$11,000— t.lay s-., nearßuchanun; fin* residence
of 12 rooms and bath; lot 37:10x127:8Vi: street
accepted; stone sidewalk: bank mortgage of $8000
can reman at 6% per cent
*12,8.0— Fe1l st, park panhandle district: ele-
enn: neve modern residence; 10 rooms and bath:
foundation and 1 story stone: house beautifully
finished In natural wood, hard wood floors, e;c;
lot 25x100 feet.
$3750— Webster St., near Clay: good cottage of
5 rooms and bath; lot 25x90 feet to rear s:.; the
lot is wor.h the price asked.
DOS— Will pay over 8 per cent net; 6 beauti-
ful modern flats, centrally located in the Western
Addition, close to Van Ness aye. : always rented;
ten a $212 50 monthly; lot 55x120 feet; two
irontages. •
57000-Devlsadero st , near Ellis: good substan-
tial bay-window bouse of 8 rooms and bath : 'o:
23:6x103:6: street accepted: stone sidewalk.
$6000— < lay st., near Fillmore: good 2-story
house of 6 rooms and bath; lot 25x90 feet.
$3250— Near Fillmore and Pine sts : cozy bay-
windov cottage of 5 rooms and bath; wooden
mantel; street oitumen: stone sidewalk: lot 25x
Hi feet
*500— 11 th aye., near D St., Richmond; lot - jsx
120 feet
•?475o— Rents $76: 6 flats on Union nt, nr. Pow-
ell: 4 and 5 rooms and bath each: lot 30x62:6 feet
. $5000—2 good flats on -Me*- st. Dear scot:
_ tenting tor $40 monthly; 5 and 6 rooms and bath; '•
lot ■Jfvxll'?:6: offer wanted.
$6000— House; 11 rooms and bath; Gough st,
near Fulton, lot 25:3x82:6.
$6500— Reduced from (8300, to make an imme-
diate, sale; Jackson st., near Buchanan; resi-
. dence of 8 rooms and bath; lot 30x11 7 feet to real
street: street bitumen; s one sidewalk; lo: alone is
worm the price asKea.
Slo.ooo— Reduced from $17,500 to effect a quick
sale: fine iari;e bay-window residence of 16 rooms
-and bah; lot 38:9x120 feet to rear street: stone
sidewalk; street bitumen.
$5500— Modern Western Addition home; cot-
tageof 6 rooms and bath: lot 27x102:8>4; street
bitumen; stone sidewalk; Sacramento st., near
Scott.
$30C0— Offer wanted: . 2 -story honse of 8 rooms
and bath: also rear cottage; lot 25x100 feet; street
bitumen; stone sidewalk.
$4500— Fine corner, opposite entrance to' Golden
Ga c Pork; street work all done; stone sidewalk;
lot side sewered: cost $7300; size 25x96:10^.
$bSOO — Handsome modern residence of 10 rooms
and bath on Vallejo st, near Laguna; rents $60
monthly; lot 22:9x107:6.
$6250— Cozy home in the Panhandle district:
Pierce St., near Oak: 2-slory house, rooms and
bath, conservatory, etc.; lot 25x106:3; see this
to-<iay ; our bills are oa the property.
' «900— Terms «50 cash, balance $10 monthly:
os in Richmond on lltnave., near Clement St.;
o;s sewerel and ready to build on.
he above Is only a partial list W« will be clad
H lurniiih a complete list on application.
-..,• ' SHAINWALD, BUCKBEE & CO.,
218-220 Montgomery su, Mills Building.
KINO& Me V ALLY.REAL ESTATE AG FNTS.
JV 19 Montgomery it. Lick House Build
1 "C\(\ RENTS »44; 3 FLATS; SHOT-'
•_ i«'V»'. ell St.; i?ood location; always
rented.
C- j'A RENTS $26 PER MONTH: OWNER
«P"it)v'. must sell or be foreclosed; $1350 bank
mortgage can remain; 4 tenements near Bryant
and 'tenth sf.
C-rOXfk RENTS $60; PACIFIC ST. COR-
•. >>*-')*'. ner, near Mason: all ien ted; investi-
gate this Investment.
Si ~ ~,l\ PRICE REDUCED TO MAKE
| ij\.r. quick sale this week; eroc.erv cor-
d*", with roonn: flat above: portion of lot vacant:
both streets accep.eJ; cement sidewalk's; corner
Clone to Howard aud i 7th sts. ; se: tLit at once.
QOCfLO CHEAPEST BUY IN THK TOWN;
I '. _ i. 00. modern house of 7 rooms an I bath;
L large lot: 50x95: grand view; Ashbury-st cars
V pass tne door. ;•-'.- •■':'.
<27nnn COST f 11.000; GOOD BUSINESS
t3JS Ivuv. corner, near Howard and 11th sts.
.©£•000 RENTS $70; ONLY % ULOCK
«JpUvU\/. from Market and 7th sts.
KING & McNALLY, 19 Montgomery si.
WH. CRIM CO., 118 MONTGOMERY ST.
■ .- L- T~.
Pacific near Taylor— Lots any size; flats will
rent readily lv this locality.
$13<J0— Cor. .Noi'and Duncan: 55x114.
Mississippi St.. near Butte: good neigh-
borhood; electr.c cars; view; 30x100 •
$1000— 8 th aye., near Point Lob s 25x120.
$850— st. near Church: 25x114.
•700— Mission st, near Brazil; 2.~>x83: part cash.
$050— Wisconsin St., near Attja; 25x100; cheap.
IMPBOVKIi.
A cozy, house at the Mission of 9 rooms and bath;
large yard; -55x122:6; al In the best of order;
can b j bought on favorable terms.
■ Octcvia and Val'ejo sts.; house of 8 rooms and
bath: partca»h: 25:122:6.
$5000— Broadway, near Gough; 6 rooms and
bath; 25x130; street accepted.
$',000— Wth St.: 2 frontages, house and stable;
2oxlO i.
83100— Waller st, through to Germama, on
which there «re flats of 4 and 5 rooms. 26x100;
only $500 cash.
- Cor. 23d and Shotwell: stores «ml flats: in fine
order an well rented; call at office lor full par-
tirularj.
$2500— Cottage suitable for 2 families; 18th, nr.
(.astro: 26x75:' easy terms.
AT AUCTION.
AT AUCTION.
AT AUCTION.
■ ON MONDAY, JUNE 7, at 12 o'clock, noon.
Paciti? Heights corner lot s'JxlOO; northeast
-f.rcfn and LagUDa: grand view. .„
Pacific Heights lot 40x70: west line of Gough
St.. 80 feet north from Va!>jo. _„,„„,
Western Addition sunny flats; 3019-21 Bu-
chanan st:, bet. Union and Filbert: 30x110.
Beauilfut modern residence: 10 rooms; 406
Clement st., bet sth and 6th ayes.
Richmond investment: 112-114 Clement st.,bet.
i : 21 and 3d ayes.; 8 houses.
1 Mission lot 122:6; eas- line of hhotwell st,
1 120 feet n^rth or 26tb. .
I Mission corner residence; 10-room house; SW.
-\ cor. of 24th and Hampshire six. ; 40x100.
> Mission fla's: 226- 26Vi i-anchez st, bet. 16th
and MarKet: 27:6x100.
. At salesroom oi CHAa J. CaMPBKLL & CO.,
224 Montgomery st
ENGLISH A MORRIBSEY. ~
JLi , 628 Market street.
13830— Two modern flats, Close to tbe Park;
terms to suit.
$2760— House of 6 rooms and stable for 3 hors • i
De , r .. l and Chmch sts. ■
■:-..  '•-'. *""*>. reduced fro. ii $:,000— Neat 6-room cot- ]
» a • SJJ 2181 st. n » Bryant.
«800-Comer Ciement and 31st aw.: 32:6x100. j
CITY KEAL ESTATE.
MADISON A BURKE,, KEAL .ESTATK
Agents; established 1858; 626 Market st.
BARGAIN— MUST SELL TO CLOSE ESTATE;
I' sth, near FoUom: 100x75; covered with
houses; only $150 per foot nsked for this property;
not even the value of vacant land.
01*1 9 f\(\f\ NORTH SIDE PACIFIC AYE.,
ipLi.UUI/. near Van Ness aye.; 2 houses
and large lot; 47:6x100.
<2»QEAfi MCALLISTER, NEAR LAGUNA;
'„''•*".»• 3 flats and cottage; pays 10 percent; j
lot 27:6x120 to rear street.
mo CLOSE AN ESTATE— SW. CORN 16TH
and Hardy sts.: store and flats: renting for $48;
lot 30x85: price $7500: make offer.
Qfifinn rAGE - NEAR BRODERICK: KESI-
{^\J\J\J\J. dence of 7 rooms and bath: lot 25x
b7 :6.
OOnfin CHATTANOOGA, NEAK - 23D;
«JPOVV/V7. house and lot, 25x117. .
9-STORY BRICK BUILDING IN SOUTH
0 lark; rent $42 50: prices43oo.
fltftflOn MINNA ST., NEAR IST; TWO
rJpUUUU. houses; rents $50: lot 40x£0.
ffiftflAA RENTS $46 PER MONTH; SE-
<jpuv/V/V'. cured lease; Kea>-ny-st. ; downtown
lot. 25:7x57:6.
9 FLATS AND LOT: 9Tn AYE., NR. CALI-
— fornia st.: rented and paying large income;
lot 25x120: price $3000.
SiJf\nfl NATOMA ST., NR. 3D: 4 FLATS;
<Jr:ic»VU. renting for $56; lot 37x80.
<Bi99nn DUPONT, NEAR CHESTNUT}
<JP — Z.l/U. Improvements and lot, 22:6x60.
Q9Hnn HOUSE AND LARGE STABLE;
<D'-WUU, 25th St., near Douglas; lot 50x114.
&IPAA EAST AYE., IN HOLLY PARK,
O-L*)Uv. opposite Benuln.?ton; 6 roomj and
bath; lot 25x108.
ffl;9QAf> POST, NEAR DEVISADERO; 6
; t^^-'J\J\J. rooms and bath; rents $20; lot
| 25x70.
UNIMPROVED PROPERTY.
Corner California and Locust; 37:6x107:7.
$4--' sO —Grove st.. near Fillmore: 37:6x100.
$c'6OO— Pine St., cor. Lyon; 31:3x80.
[ • Near corner Leavenworth and Sacramento, 37:6
■ x7»:ll: elegant location for flats: $2500.
i $3000-1 or Lombard and Octavia: 46:6x100.
. $2050— Ridley, near Scott; 25x117 :& ■
, $1800— Sanchez st , nr. 16th; 25x100.
$l£,oo— Dolores st-, near 30th; 25x100
: *ll'O) — 20th St., near Sanchez; 25x89.
$900— California St., near 12th aye.; 25x100.
*700— I'oyce St., nr. Point Lobos: 25x120.
$250— Twenty-eighth aye., near C St.: 26x120.
MADISON ft BURKE. 626 Market St.
A. H. LIBSAK. O. F. YON KBIIS.
OF. YON RHEIN A CO.. REAL ESTAT*
. Agents, Auctioneers and House Brokers, 513
| California street.
| $15,000— St., near 11th; 50x80; 3 flats
ami 3 stores: lents $84.
$15,000— Hayes, nearFlilmore; 35x137:6; 3 line
flats, each 8 rooms and bath; rents &105.
: $12,000— Uaight, near Lyon; 55x187:6; will
subdivide into 30 feet; improved with mo em
dwelling, 10 room; and bath and 25 feet vacant
lot.
$10.000— Fosom. near Bth; 25x90; bakery with
2 Hat-, above. 12 rooms and baths: rents $65.
$9000— Corner Lacruna and Fulton: 60x110: 2-
story house; butcher-shop and flats: rents $65 60;
must be sold to close an estate; make offer.
$9OUO— Haight, near Steiner: 25x112:6; 2 Bats,
13 rooms and baths: rents $57 50.
; Brannan st., near 2d, 50x137 :6;dwelllng
home.
*■.■_•<)■)— Howard St., near 14th; 25x85; 3 flats:
1 ents $60.
! $72( 0 -Hayes, near Steiner; 25x82:8; 2 new
Oats; rents $52 50.
*-.()(.)— oak, nearFlllmore; 25x87:6; 2 flats; 11
rooms and 2 baths: rents $50.
$6600— O'Farrell and Beideman. near Scott; 2
houses, 4 flats, 18 roams aud baths; rent $54,
$6500— Green s!., nr. Monteomt r.- aye ; 22:11 x
. 68:9; 3 window flats; 17 rooms and baths;
rents $57 50.
i $5600— Green, near Powell; 37:6x90; 2 3-story
, houses; 15 rooms and bath: rent 546.
$4100-Jessle si., near 6th; 20x75; 3 flats; rents
! $50.
I $4000— Brannan St., near Ist; 25x80; 2-story
: Loardlng-houie; rent $25.
$4500— Union si , near Hyde: 21x65; 2 flats;
! 11 rooms and bath: rent $35.
$4500— JuliaD aye., bet. 14th and 15th; 39:10 x
: 94: 4fl:i'.s; rents $42.
$4000— li ill st., near >O'-. 25x114; 2-story resi-
ice: 8 rroms and bath.
$3700—1 eideman, near O'Farrell and Scott; SJx
! 60; 2 flats.
* 3(500 — Leavenworth St., nearVallejo; 20x68:6;
1 S flats: 11 rooms and baths; rents $33.
$3500— Haight St., near Webster; : 5x95; cot-
: tage 5 rooms.
: *2550— Jersey, near Diamond; 2M1 14: 2-story
i house; 2 flats; 9 rooms and bath; rents $-">■
$2500— Valley St., near Church; 27x114:6; 2
! flats: rents $16 50.
$2350— t-.iizabetb St.. near Douglass: 25x114:
cottage 5 rooms and bath : rent *14.
$2100— 25 th St., near Church; 25x114; cottage 5
rooms and bath.
$2000— Bay, near Kearny; 22:11x68:9; 2 fiats,
9 rooms rents $19.
$1200— St., near Bryant and 7th ; 20x50;
rent $9.
Valencia, near 26th-st railroad station; 61x
117:6 to an alley.
• Corner N and Bth aye,. South 8. F. ; 100x10).
| Jones and Union; 5 lots, 2-tx6 2:6 each.
Fair Oaks and 25th: 30x100.
30x70: Jessie si., between 13th and 14th.
25x65; Stevenson, near 14th: 4 lots.
.•f-j-i'O— Jones, near Greenwich: 24x80.
$2250— Union, near Steiner; 28:4x100.
81200— Cor. B and 25th aye.: 60x188.
.? lUoo— California aye. and Eugenia: 23:4x70.
I $22? — Eugenia and Anderson; 25x70.
IjOVEK, TOY A SONNTAG,
Jj Real Estate Agents,
Houses Rented, Rents Collected aud Full Charge
Taken of Property,
30 Montgomery st
<S9Q Ann LOT AND IMPROVEMENTS
.. _.).vU'J. Pacific aye., nr. Stelner: lot 68:9
x 137:6; fine marine view and fashionable neigh-
borhood
go' (\f\(\ LOT 25x77:6 AND IMPROVE-
«Jp — O.'JWJ. ments, consisting of store, and
rooming-house above, on 3d st., nr. Mission; rent
$128 per month.
©19 Knn ELLIS ST., NR. LAGUNA; 3
-;l-.i)W. flats of 7 and 8 rooms and bath
each; rent $110 per month; lot 26x120 feet; a fine
investment; paying well.
ft I'/ f\f\f\ LOT - 2 STORES AND 4 FLATS
«7J> I_. Yf\Jy 1 . on Howard St., nr, 6th; rent $100
per month; lot 28x80.
QQ£AA LOT 25x56 FEET AND FLATS
«J ODv/l/t renting for *50 per montn on Tren-
ton st., near Powell ; a big income on small Invest-
ment.
fljxnnn LOT 25x137:6 and cottage OF
»4p»JUUv/. 6 rooms and bath oo Page st, near
Scott; a nice home for sa>e cheap.
MINNA, NEAR THIRD-HOUSE OF 7
rooms, renting low, ?22 50 per month; must
be sold this week; lot 23x70; look at this and
make offer.
ftennn lot asu HOUSE OP 8 rooms
tJ>O\J\J\>. and bah; lot 22:6x87:6; on Web-
ster st, near Joic.
© fi^nn TWO AND THREE-QUARTER
*4F*'J\)\f. acres of land and fine cottage of 10
rooms and bath and stable and nice grounds In
];•'■• Valietr offered at low prices to make quick
sale. For further list apply to
BOVKK. IOY A SONNTAG,
30 Montgomery st
JOHN PFORR, 329 MONTGOMERY bT., OPP.
Safe Deposit, offers for sale:
$18,000— cor. on Kddy st. ■ m 2-story bay-window
houses; store and 7-room flat on corner and 7-
joom bay-uindow house alongside; lot 37:6x87:6;
rent I 30.
$27,000— Fine corner on Mission st at the Mis-
-1 sion: a bio k of 2-story houses: 3 stores and 3
!■ 6-room flats and 2 5-room cottages; rent $2200
per annum.
Reduced to $8000 from $12,000; fine corner on
11th st , 1 1/2 bio k 1 ! from Market; store and flat;
rent 165
i $15,000— Splendid property on Mission st, near
! 13th: lot 43x139 feet, with 3 houses: always
! rented.
i Reduced to $31,500 from $17,000— Ninth St.,
1 block from Market: fine doable flat of 6 and 7
rooms and bath; make offer.
$8100— Sutler St., near larkln: 2-story house;
store unddwel!ln<-; !o 22:6x70 feet
•162C0— Rent $15; tine corner property on sacra-
nr:. to st: new building, Including complete flx-
mr. lor corner store.
$65jo— a snug business corner on Clay St.;
$10.500-Ren: $130; McAllister st, business
portion ; .< story house; 2 stores and flats of 7 rooms
arid batn; 35x110.
$32.1)00— Kddy st , near Mason: store and lodg-
| Ing; 25x137:6: rent-$l6O.
537,000— Business property: stores and fiats:
paying $300 per month.
DWELLINGS.
55500-Onlv $1003 cash; talance on mortgage;
| will buy a flue 2-s^ory home of 8 rooms and bath
| In a iashionable neighborhood; Western Addition
Reduced to $-26 M irom $3000; rent $32: Sberi-
•>5 U i0() near lOtn; troia ana rear houses; lot
i ll' ducel to $7300 from $10 000; fine corner
residence: Vallejo and Lagnna sts. .
$3500— Corner lot; 70x110: on Bth aye., 1 block
from the Dar*.
$50110— facing Panhandle Park, near Lyon st •
a real nice house. 6 rooms and hath; lot 25x110.
$6500— Rent $80; only $3000 cash, balance on
mortgage: 2 line c'.o ib c flats on Geary st. and 2
double flats in the rear, on Garden st.; 28x125.
$16,500— Post st, near Devtsadero; 7 houses'
lar^elot; rent $128; make offer.*
$8500-4 fine flats, "2ix. bocks N. of Market st:
on more st., and lot 48x81:6: rent $70.
$10,0j0— sixth st: substantial, 3-story house;
12 rooms; bath: brick loundatlon; lot 25x160.
UNIMPROVED.
$550— Noe St., near Thirtieth: 30x112.
. $1600— Corner 2Sd aye. and A St.; 53:4x100.
$3100— Fine corner lot on Fillmore st.
■ $800— Noe st near Thirtieth; lot 36:6x75.
GREAT BARGAIN; MUST BE SOLD IN A
VT . few days: corner lot on Fo'.som st., 60x80, 2-
storv house, 6 rooms.. *l 100; also lot on Hill, 61x
114, 6-iOom collage. $2300. PATTERSON ACO
1709 Market st,
©(•'A WILL BUILD 4-ROOM BAY-WIN-
•I)')i)U dow cottage; -. will call. GKi) OEM.
SALsnUUY, bu icier, 621 X St., Sunset Heights.
TnE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 30, 1897.
CITT T!EAI, ESTATE.
■VTICE MODERN FLAT .
IX AT TH MISSION.
©qenn worth $4600; CLOSE TO fol-
i!Ti)ilUu. som and 21st sts.; 4 and 5 large
rooms, oath, etc.: rent $33. ■<..---: . . . .
BALDWIN & HOWELL,
10 Montgomery st.
VTKW WESTERN ADDITION' FLATS.
<S>Z.Ar\fl TWO HANDSOME BAY-WINDOW
♦JrwrrUU. flats of 6 and 7 rooms; not quit? fin-
ished; see them at once: on the east side of Lyon
st, bet. McAllister and Golden Gate aye.; will
, rent for not less than $50 per month.
BALDWIN A HOWELL,
10 Montgomery st,
\TE«' BAY-WINDOW COTTAGE.
J.N ON EASY TERMS
<C9fifl CASH; BALANCE MONTHLY: A
•JT^vU very pretty and substantial cottage:
Dolores St.: splendid neighborhood: contains 6
rooms, porcelain bath, tiled sink; rooms tinted;
cheapest cottage for sale.
BALDWIN & HOWELL,
10 Montgomery st.
OPLENDID BARGAIN. ~~ r ~ [*
djiQlAn ASSESSED FOR OVER $3200:
(POIUU. house cost $35'J0 to build; Jersey st.,
near Castro and 24th st. cars; " fla's of 5 and 6
rooms and bath each: lot 25x114; rents $31. -
BALDWIN 4 HOWELL,
10 Montgomery st
XT EW BLOCK ■--••% fv...-. .:■;:>:--"
! ii JUST SUBDIVIDED
IN RICHMOND.
I \\rE HAVE JUST CUT UP IN LOTS THE
" handsome block bounded by 14th and 15ih
ayes. Point Lobos aye. and Clement st , and are
offering the same at very low prices, ranging trom
$850 upward, on terms of $60 cash. $10 monthly;'
the street work Is done around tne entire block:
Sutro cars pass the property; we want you to see
these lots: they are beauties: If you go:o-day
(Sunday) our agent will be on the ground with
diagrams; go at once and secure your choice.
BALDWIN A HOWE IX,
10 Montgomiry st.
©99 Zl(\(\ VALENCIA-ST. BARGAIN;
♦IP __ .O\J\J. now 3-story building, containing
stores and flats: all rented very lo v for $120; lot
60x100 to rear street: an offer wanted: lot on rear
street vacant. BALDWIN & HOWELL,
10 Montgomery st
CgQAOn PRICE REDUCED FROM $10,000;
•ipCJvUV. musi be sold; handsome modern
residence, built less than a year; 2 stories; 12
rooms and bath: hot-air furnace, laundry, bll-
-1 lard-room, etc.; nearly new carpet Included: on
the park panhandle, within a block of the park;
splendid location; should be seen at much; will
sell quickly. BALDWIN & HOWELL,
_-.•. r. ■•; ■;;■. 10 Montgcmery st.
©^nfin SHOTWKLL, NEAR GOOD
i£l>)\J\J\J. 2-story home of 6 rooms and batn;
lot 40x122:6. BALDWIN & HOWELL,
""''■'.'■■ lOMontgom-ry st.
CjJjPlnA GUERRERO, NEAR 24TH— 2-
-«]» "O\J\J. story bay-window house of d rooms,
bath, etc; lot 24:6x125.
BALDWIN A HOWELL,
•'.• ; . ; 10 Montgomery st.
90,00, EASY TERMS; JERSEY ST., NR.
— \J\J\J. Castro: good bay-window cottage; 5
rooms and bath; lot 24:4x114.
BALDWIN A HOWELL,
10 Montgomery st.
AM. SPECK & CO. 602 MARKET ST.
A. M. SPECK A CO. 602 MAMKET ST.
$30,000 to loan on Income property.——
BIG BARGAINS ON HANIi. - , • ■
BIG BARGAINS ON HAND
$1000— A corner: cozy cottage; sunny; Mission;
suitable for poultry: only $350 casn.
$1500— 4 flats: near s:.: must Bell.
. $8550 — 3 llats on Haye* st. : great bargain.
$35 JU— new flats nr. 4 h St. ; rents $55.
$8700— 3 cottages: stable; lot 60x114 feet: very '
cheap.
$6v,00— 2 elegant brand new flats; rent*so,W.A.
$6000-6 nic fla s within block of 7th and Mar
kec sts. ; all rented, $70
$4*oo-3 elegant flats: 1 block from Market st.
$6000—3 fla on Powell St.. near Pine.
$7000— 6 ; ew flats. W. A.; rents $75.
$BuuO— Fine business property, within 2 blocks
of Bth and Market sts. : renting $800.
$1 .000— Hayes St., near Market: 2 fronts.
$16.i!U0— Business property on O'Farrell, near
Mason; large lot.
♦26,000— Grand «4nves ment: new Improve-
ments: near Powell and O'Farrell: pays 7 per cent.
$25,000— Business corner; 30-foot frout; nne
improvements: not far from Orpheum: uiys 7 per
cent.
$30.000— Market st. ; 2 fronts; north side; this
Is cheap.
I $35.000— property; block from Bald-
win; 50 ft front •
$100,(.0J— Business property; y, block from j
Market st.: pays 7 per cent net
Other bargains at SPECK & CO.'S, 602 Market.
/CAPITALISTS, ATTENTION!
\J
S' ; 9^ 000 A L AhOE PIECE OF PROP-
.tip - .\J\J \J . erty, very close to Market St.,
with fine Improvements; under leases that pay
over tfVi per cent clear of all expenses, including
. t«xej. etc BALDWIN A HOWELL, 10 Mont-
gomery st .• •<•, ■
A FTEft TO-DAY '• ~" '■ ! '■ "~~
XI Comes to-morrow — and men comes the land-
lord far another month's rent. How many years
have you been receiving the monthly visits of the
landlord Or his ag^nt— aud wh/it have you to show
for lit Had you bought a home when you first
started In to pay rent your rents would have paid lor
It long before this: Instead of a bund c of worthless
rent receipts you would be the owner of a fine
home.
As TO THK ENTIRE FEASIBILITY OF
THIS PLAN of buying your home on re it lns'a'l-
men:s we have in the l«si few year* convinced
over 100 families If you will go out to the He. -
man Tract anl look around and see how contented
aud peasant people seem out there you wlil be
convinced too; 7 new houses nave just been com-
pleted— they sr» baud-tome and have a'l modern
comfoits: ih-y cost irom $1250 to $2600: yon can
pa.- for tbem with your rent money— some daw
they will be more than a she. ter over your head":
I It's a practical solution of the problem of how to
provide a home.
To see the property take Mlsslon-st. cars, tram-
fer to i!2d s:. aod ride to Hoffman aye. and ask lor
Mr. James Cotter, resident agent, or JACOB HEY-
MAN, owner, Jl Moatg mery st. .
* bargain in a h Mt.
A new, modern cottage of 4 rooms and bath, In-
cluding level lot; ciose to Misslon-st. car line:
fl2 50 montiil'-.
JACOB HEYMAN, 11 Montgomery st.
(£• I Qi\(\ L0T67:6x105; I.OCATEDON THE
«JP±CWV. corner of 20th and Noe sts.; this is
the cheapest lot 1.1 the city for its location..
$5250— Ml.ision St., near 22d: nrlce reduced to
make »n Immediate sale: rent $2a; bank mori-
gbge $3500 < an remain: this is a good buy.
J. W. WRIGHT A CO., 628 Market St.
AT A SACRIFICE ON ACCOUNT OF SlCK-
n«>si, new modern built 8-room sunny house
in the rapidly growing Richmond Dlstr ct; sub-
ntantially built; every known convenience; lot
25x120; any reasonable offer accepted; easy
j term*; must be seen to be aDpreclated. 233 3d aye.
I CjOOCO JVaT COMPLETE I); PARK ItESI.
<Jp«JOJu. dences; 7 and 8 rooms; highly deco-
i rated; .sulntAntiully built: every known conveni-
ence; marble steps; every room sunny. Apply
on premises east line of bhrader st., two blocks
toutb (.f ilaiKhu
1/On SALE-NEW FLATS JUST COMPLETED;
I e?ery modern Improvement: frescoed clllngs
and decorated walls; thli is a nice ace for home
or investment: examine same and be convinced*
1610 and 1612 Fulton st , near Lyon. DAN KIN- 1
Hi' KIN owner and builder, 19 Montgomery st.
PRICE REDUCED ON THE LAST NEW
1 hnui- on Cole st, near Waller; contains large
parlors dlninz-roora, kitchen and brak fasti oom
on tirst floor; four bedrooms on second floor; bard-
finished attic ana basement; take Haighl-st cars
to Cole, walk one block south; atreet Is beiug bl-
tuminlzed; house wl 1 be sold on easy terms. -
TTOMKS, HUM FOR ALL. ~ " '
I have lots In the Mission, south and north side
of the Park, all (traded, sewered and ready to
laid on, upon which lots 1 will put up a 6-room
co tage with all modern improvements for $1000;
#■.-00 cash, balance same as rent J. BBOWK-
STUM-, Real Eitate Owner, 11 st.
BARGAIN CORNER FLATS. '' "
Hiw\TBss2 60. ' £
$6650— Corner 0:1 Webster st., near McAllister;
bay-window; house of 2 fine flats: lot 25x82:6;
mortgage or $4000 at 6Vsp r cent, Hlbernla Bank!
Apply HARKEH A LENT, 14 Post st-
ffliQCnA MODERN SIX-ROOM COTTAGE.
«JpOiJVV/. Parnassus st., near Stanyan; open
to-day. ....
ANTED— VACANT LOTS IV SUNNysiDE
or elsewhere In exchange or on Recount new
cottage. THE MCCARTHY CO., 646 Market St.
SOL GETZ A BROTHER,
REAL ESTATE OWNERS,
Room A, First Floor, Crocker Build
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS.
LOW PRICES, GREAT BARGAINS.
mAK« ADVANTAGE OF OUR JUDICIOUS
1 purchases, get a lot cheaper than yon ever will
again.
<& 1 0.0. $150 TO 300: BUILDING LOTS:
•IPIUU. no trading; near hlsslon-st. and Han
Mateo electric car lines; only $5 monthly. °
■ffICC- $100, $160 TO $800: CHOICEST LOTS
O i O. south of the park; .near Affiliated Col-
leges, new music stand and boulevard; only $5
and $10 monthly Installments.
ffl.9p.fl TO SHOO: RICHMOND 'LOTS; WE
tlr^tlU can positively suu you in location, price
and terms. ■'■■- ■■ -■■.■■■■
Call on us first before purchasing; gee * map and
diagram*. _
BOL. GETZ A BROTHER, j
Hoom A, first floor, Crocker building.
POTTAGES— 6 ROOMS AND BATH, LARGE
\J basement, yard. Douglass st near Elisabeth,
also Clipper near Noe; 2-story; modern, 7 rooms
and bain, Collingwood, near E ghteemb; easy
terms. ii. GUNZuL'KUhP., 214 Pine St., room 3
Ut-T HELL: • NEW, SMALL HOME; COST
f 1160, for $1000 cash. Owner, box 95, Call.
': ; : ; .f\;'— 'ClTY . REAL ESTATE.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE A CO.
EAHTON, ELDRIDGE & CO.
EASTON, ELDKIL.GK & Cu. . .X ' ; ;
638 MARKKT ST.
138 MARKET ST.
638 MARKET ST.
ffl»r.r;nn COR. RESIDENCE ON sacra-
memo st. of 9 rooms and bath; a'EO
stable: good location: cement sidewalk; street
work all done; lot "5x106:3: mortgage of $3100
can reman. . _____
S7CAA BAKER ST., OVERLOOKING
•IT I O\jyi. Par* Panhandle; elegant modern
residence of ] 4 rooms, bath and basement; hand-
somely decorated and finished throughout.
tf»Q.-}AA RICHMOND COTTAGE, THIRD
«Jp»3— UV. aye., near Point LODO3; 4 rooms,
bath and basement: only one year old; lot 25x120;
street macadamized am sewered.
WESTERN ADDITION PLATS.
PAYING GuOD INCOME.
the time TO BUY.
<D;qa.aa near ASIIBURY AND waller
tJpoUUU. sis.; 4 flats; rents $46; great bar-
gain.
o* fibrin FELL ST., NEAR LAGUNA: 7
«pDJ"I'. flats; reats|*6o; lot has double front-
age; 27:6x120.
CQfifiO, GOLDEN GATE AYE., NEAR
«IpOUUU. Devlsadero st.; 2 handsome flats of
6 and 7 rooms, bath and liaiemenf. substantially
built; lot 27:6x110. ___
MISSION FLATS
AT BARGAIN PRICES.
WHICH WILL SURELY ADVANCE.
dT» CA AA SANCHEZ ST., NR. MARKET; 2
«In«)UUU. flats of 6 and 7 rooms and bath; lot
25x125.
CJQA.A.A, 17TH ST., NR. HOWARD; 2
*FO\.>\jyj. flats of 5 rooms each; rents $36-
-sunny side; street worK done; lot 25x100.
<3>A(\f\f\ Nft, Valencia AND 14TH STS.:
ripT:UUU. a pair of good flats of 4 and 6 rooms
and bath; rents $35. <'- ' v
$'AAA CORNER ON 22D ST.; STORE
»Jvl/U. and 4 rooms ana flat above of 5
rooms and bath; only 1 year old.
1 Ist OF LOTS,
Xj all parts OF THE CITY.
FOR BUILDING or speculation.
9300-25 th aye., near Point Lobos; 26x120.
$350—5 lots In University Homestead, near Ban
Bruno road.
$660— Uranus st, near 18th; ready for building;
25x100.
$900—6 lots In Excelsior Homestead; 25x100
each.
$1200— Cor. Bellevue and Elizabeth: 64x125.
$2250— 24 th St., near JOiiDm; 37:6x100.
$3000— Cor. Pine and L on sts. ; 27:6*93:9.
$3750— Pine st., near Flllmore; 26x127:6 to
rear street.
(8000— N. side Halght St., near Devisadero: 50x
125. •
EASTON. ELDRIDGE <fc CO.,
KAI-TON, KLD RIDGE & CO.,
EASTON, ELDRJ.DUE & CO.,
638 MARKET ST.
638 MARKET ST.
638 MARKET ST.
IF YOU WISH TO BUY CITY OR RANCH
properly or lease city property see A. F.
MICH'. Real Estate Agent, Murphy build-
ing, room 126.
EE THOSK NEW HOUSES ON WEBSTER
s ■, bet. Va lejo and Green; Fillmore-st. can
one block; modern in every particular: finished In
natural wood*; very sunny; tine marine view;
owner will show bouse to-day; small cash pay-
ment If desire;!.
BOVEE, TOY <fc SONNTAO, Agents,
, w ( 30 Montgomery st.
©/WA.A REDUCED FROM «5700;' 151 Air
tjptr— UU. blon aye., bet sixteenth and Seven-
teenth, Va'encia and Guerrero sts. ; residence of 9
rooms; stcne walKs: nice garden: large stable and
driveway; 36:6x120.. ;.
CC. BEMIS,
. UF.AL ESTATE AND LAND AGENT,
324 MONTGOMERY ST. 1
FOR SALE.
Choice building lot on Army and 27th sts.: clos»
to electric road.
$450— Carlo* Villa lot; 100x150 feet.
(6700— 60x127:6 feet on Jackson st. overlook-
. ing the I'resldlo and bay.
$5500—2 modern housed of 8 rooms each at
park; 26x187:6 feet: electric roaa passes houses:
make oiler.
(8500— Elegant NW. corner of Cole and Carl sts.
300— Choice building lots north of park.
Bargain— SW. cor. Fifth ay. and C st: 109x95 ft
i". WJnA NEAT COTTAGK 4 BOOMS. 229
(jpXUUU. Diamond st, bet Moeteentb and
Iwentieth.
-\JISSION COTTAGES.
Four. 6, 6 and 7 room houses: on I lberty, Castro
and '-Oth fits. : $2200. .f.hO'i, 93200 and $4000
each. By F. Nelson, Builder.
A] EW 4- ROOM COTTAGE; PAYMENTS SAME
-M as rent See W. B. BENCHLY, 630 Market.
MONEY TO I.OAJ*.
UK HAVE MONEY TO LOAN ON CITY
| »» real estate: Interest reasonable. Cal. Title
| Ins. and Trust Ca, 210 Montgomery st., Ml Is bold.
BORROW 31ONEY ON YOUR WATCHES,
diamonds and jewelr7 at half the Interest you
pay elsewhere. Ci'T RATE LOAN OFFICE,
room 7. Flood building, entrance 809 Market st.
A LOANS ON FURNITURE OR PIANOS.
. In 6. F., Oakland or Alameda, at lowest rates;
without removal: no commissions: no delays,
3. NOON AN, 1017 to 1023 Mission at, above euxtu.
telephone Jessie 41. ..'■.
HIGHLY RESPECTABLE AND PRIVATE
place to obtain liberal advances on diamonds
and Jewelry of the lowest rate*. Baldwin Jewelry
ore, 948 Market st. telephone Green 204.
CfcQAA AAA AT 6y» PER CENT ON CITY
«Jp D\f\J. V real estate; also Oakland: estates
life insurance, second mortgage, any sum. Man-
hattan Loan Co., 10 Mills building, ground floor.
AKY AMOUNT; IST, SITOR 3D MORTWAUB*.
(states, undivided interests, real estate In pr>
bate: furniture and pianos without removal.
IdcCOLUAN. 24 Montgomery at. room 3.
ON FURNITURE, PIANOS; WITHOUT BK-
moval; low Interest; no commissions. 1404
Stockton st
WHY PAY HIGH INT. ON SMALL LOANS?
• * We loan at 65c Interest per mo. on each 9101)
en "<! mortgage: any security. Gold, box 4, Call.
ffljOOTv |tOft AT *ank katks).- jst ano
ttjpO~O.\J\J\J 2d rnurtgiicps, estates, rents, etc.:
lend as low as 950. ii. MURPHY. 624 .Market v..
OANS ON REAL ESTATE, BONDS, ETC.;
XJ lowest rates. McAFEE BROS., 108 Montgoin.
ON nKMiUKK; VERY LOW INTKRBHT;
no commission. (SCRIHNKR, 7 City Hall ays.
(JI.I AO.OOO ON LIFK INSURANCE POLICIES
tip If low Interest JOS. B. 'IOPHTZ, 33U Plue.
ffljCA TO 950,000; LOWEST RATE; IST 4 2D
*Ipc)V mortg.; any proposition. Dryaen, 413 Mont
NY SUM, IST OR 2ND MOKTG AGES. KB-
-tates in probate, etc. Km. 7, 608 California, st.
n't ,-. LARKIN— BRANCH OFFICE OF THIS
vJ-L'' Call: nuhscrlptlon^ and wan: ad«. ■ taken.
MOM-.Y WANTED.
ANfED^$36OO OH COUN"rRY^ITEA7rES^
lap. good security; interest paid promptly.
Address bvX 13, Tres rinos, Cal. . v i ;. ,
Ql:Of;nn WANTED ON IMPKOVKD RANCH;
rJp^OVXJ Santa Cruz; worth 98000; 8 per cent.
A. 8., box 46, Call Office. , : . ., '
ANTED TO BORROW 950,000 IN SUMS
»» from 91000 up: pi t-edge security. GRIF-
FITH, CLARK & CO., 19 Montgomery su
DENTISTS.
pAINLKSS EXTRACTION. 6O0; CROWN
X bridge work a specialty; plates 95 up; 18 years'
experience. R. L. W.-\I.SH, D. v. ■> 8153^ ueary.
A FULL BET OF TEETH, 95; PAINLESS
- V extraction: see our new combination plate:
thinnest, lightest, coolest plat* made; warranted
10 years: till lags, 60c; crowns, $3 SO : lady assist-
ant CHICAGO DENTAL PAHLOKS, 24 Sixth.
. <5» C FULL BET 8 TEETH; BEST MAKE;
•4T «-*• kept in repair; extractlag free; filllngs,6Oo;
crowns, 93 6U. - Pacific Dental Parlors, 18 Third.
/"I ROOM K DENTAL' ASSOCIATION, 769 MAR-
\J ket, oet 3d and 4th; gass specialists; painless
extracting, with gas, 91; plates, $7 up; fill, 91 up.
"pOSITI V KLY PA Ift LKii* EXTRACTION, DR.
X HARDING, 600Sutter cor. Powell; tel.malus37»
ET OF TEETH WITHOUT A PLATK. DR
H. C. Young, 1841 Polk at. .
DR. J. J. LEEK, 1126 MARKET ST. ; OPEN
evenings; Sundays till noon; dentistry taught
CWLiu.; DKM'AL AS&OCIAiJON. »od— -Ait-
ketat, v Dll. CHARLES W. DKCKKU.:-
-&17 a bet FOR tei£TH— Warranted A.i
O' good as can be made; filling 91. DR. BIMM4
dentist «30 Market st. next Baldwin Theater:..:'
DIL LUDLUM .HILL. 1443 U.ARKKT ST, NX
Eleventh; no charge >. for • extracting --. wnsa
plates are made: - old plates . made over Una new;
teeth iroia $8 per set: extracting 5Uc; gas given.
■p»K. UKOKGE 'W. LEEK, THK OKNUINS
XJ Leelc dentist, discoverer of painless extraction
and patentee of Improved bridge work or t— f
without, any plat*, moved from 6to 20 O* FarrallM.
ALL WORK KKABON ABLK AND WAJf
ran tea. DR. J. W. tHKY. 1320 Market st.
HOTELS.
bUOOKLYN HOTEL, 208-212 : BUSH BT_
X» board and room $1 to (2 per day, $6 to "»li
jer week; choice uoios 60 cents to $1; suit*
.rooms for family 91 to SI 60 pat Bight; tint-class
MJ-VtC*; Ut« comcU CHARLES MuM'UUilJiJtt*'
' (OISTKT REAL ESTATE. )-.
GH. UMBSEN & CO. \.
. DAVID BUSH, Manager Country Dept.
14 MONTGOMERY ST.
WE DESIRE TO CALL THE ATTENTION
of Intending buyers ' of country lands to some
bargains in improved income-producing orchard,
| vineyard, grain and stock farm* (many of which
I are bank foreclosures) that we have In the coast
I counties, in the middle and northern counties and
i in San Joequin Valley. A forty years' experience
of our Mr. unsh enables us to intelligently direct
' buyers. •-
FOR RENT.
A NICE LITTLE PLACE AT LOS GATOS
of 2 acres: all out in fruit, flowers, shrubbery,
etc.; with 7-room house, barn, chicken-houses;
will rent to a good, careful tenant at $10 per
month. . ...s- ; -T -;,■■
SUMMER RESORT.
THE BEAUTIFUL PLACE KNOWN AS
Tokoloma, on Paper-mill Creek, Marln County;
railroad station on place; hotel of 30 rooms and
cottages; completely furnished and equipped; gaa
and water; bar and billiard room; doing a good
business: price on application.
'-. SCGAR-BBRT LAND. V.r.'-i
WE ARE SUBDIVIDING A LARGE TRACT
of sugar-beet land near the Spreckels sugar-
beet factory near Saunas; particulars at office. .
TUTTLE & LOFTUS, LAND AGENTS,
A 620 MARKET ST., OPP. PALACE HOTEL
1 fiC\ ACRES CHOICE GRAIN OR FRUIT
XUv land; all tillable; all fenced and cross
fenced; less than 50 miles from >nn Francisco:
'1 miles to railroad station; 'JVa miles to
steamboat landing: school and churches; good
roads and good house: 6 looms extra large.
| and good cellar and good well of water;
windmill and tank and tankhouse; 2 acres in-
closed with house for garden, and orchard of 260
asserted fruit and almond trees: large barn 40x48;
0 her outbuildings; title perfect: no incurn-
berance; price $9000 cash; will exchange for city
or Oakland property.
/CHEAPEST 18 ACREB IN ALAMEDA
\J County; IV% miles from Hay wards; 18 acres
in cultivation; this is nice rolling land: good
water the year round; orchard 10 acres, consist-
ing of cots, prunes, peaches, etc. ; house of 5
rooms; good stable: chicken-houses etc.; this
nice ranch Is located in a fine vicinity and so ea»y
of access to the principal cities, San Francisco
and Oakland, and either by rail or electric cars:
price $4000. net rash: will exchange for San
Francisco or Oakland property.
pHKAPEST PLACE IN SONOMA COUNTY;
\J 160-acre ranch: 40 acres cultivated; 20 acres
of which Is healthy 5-year-old orchard: 12 acres
prunes, 6 acres peaches, 1 acre apricots, balance
assorted: 50 acres more can be cultivated; first-
c ass soil for vineyard: balance line pasture;
plenty timber and water: 3-room bouse and barn:
beautiful location; all necessary tools; cash price
•35,000; will exchange.
A TTENTION, FARMERS.
ATTENTION, SHEEP-RAISERS.
AT LESS THAN FORECLOSURE PRICES
Improved Grain, Fruit ana Grazing Lands
Located In the choicest parts of the State,
For sale by orJer of
The Bank of Woodland,
BY MCAFEE BKOTHERS,
Real Estate Brokers and Financial Agents,
108 Montgomery st., >an Francisco, Cal.
CAPAY VALLEY.
The earliest fruit section, well settled, and only
90 miles from San Francisco by rail.
FRUIT AND GRAIN LAND.
88V 2 acres near Winter*, 917' 50 per acre.
2030 acres near Esparto, $20 per acre.
160 V; acres near Tancred, $20 per acre.
132i/a acres near Winters, 922 50 per acre.
131 acres near Madison, «30 per acre.
820 acres near Winters, $:-0 per acre.
161% acres near Capay, 840 per acre.
GRAZING LAND.
529234 acres flanking Caoay Valley, $4.
. 4520 acrei flunk Capay Valley, 92 75.
87b8 ai res adjoining 1 apay Valley, 92 25.
" 2800 acres adjoining Capay Valley, 93 60.
ALSO
7920 acres near Red Bluff, $2.
ALSO
\ 1440 acres near Swingle*, grain and fruit, 92 25.
480 acres near Merritg, grain and fruit. $16 60.
840 acres near Dannlgan, grain and fruit. $7.
.240 acres near Dunnigan, grain and fruit, 9U.
1106 acres near Willows, grain and fruit, $*7 60.
800 acres near Anderson, river bottom, $16 50.
For further particulars address
MCAFEE BROTHERS,
108 Montgomery st, San Francisco, Cal.
A BLOCK OF 8 LOTS IN BELMOXT, SAN
Mateo Co., finely located and very choice;
: must be sold; Investigate.
GOOD LOT IN BAUSALITO, 150x200;
fronts on 2 streets: at a sacrifice.
TUNE SUBURBAN RESIDENCE IN ROSS '
: Valley, house of 12 room«, very (modern elec-
| trie lights, etc. ; 3 acres land; rent or sell.
HOME AND lISCOME PROPERTY OF 20
acres. 1 mile from town, In Sonoma Count y;
10 acre* orchard, 6 acres vineyard; all full bear-
ing; fine buildings; price reduoed.
'■ EDWIN K. A LSI CO., 29, Sid floor Mills b!dg.
: A LFALFA— 7O ACRES, KERN CO., (40 PER
A acre: easy terms.
"VTAPA CO.-140 ACRKS; SMALL ORCHARD:
-Li 16 acres fine vineyard, good improvements;
; 92750.
BEN LOMOND HOTEL PROPERTY, SANTA
Cruz Co., on railroad; finest summer resort;
| first- class paying property; $25,000; terms to
( 61111.
I fIJIOCA SONOMA CO., NEAR GLEN Kir
C J — »JU. len, 160 acr. s. half its value.
Send for our country list.
SHAINWALD, BUGKBEE * CO.,
218-220 Montgomery st
T?OR exchange — valuable WARE
X bouse property that -cost oomplete 932,000:
near San Francisco; business well established and
paying a coo . steady income: will taki one-third
property and give long time on the balance: tui-i
is a good opportunity for the right man. X ASTON.
ELDRIDUK & CO.. 638 Market st-
ONOMA COUNTY LANDS— FRUIT, GRAIN
and stock ranches: little homes a specialty.
CHKSSMORE A SHURTLEFF, Sonoma, Cal.;
room 221, 927 Market st., S. F.; Wednesdays aud
Saturdays.
1 Cn-ACRE RANCH, WITH FRUIT, WATER
X • '" ' and good buildings for sale or exchange for
city or town property; 6 miles from NUes; 35
from city. Address M. S. UlßsoN, Lorln, Ala-
meda County. Cal.
1p OR SALE OR EXCHANGE FOR CITY
-T property 1920 acres Improved Placer County
land. W. B. SKVKAHS, 6 0 Geary st.
riENUINE BARGAIN; SKCTION TULARK
\JC County land; *6 per acre. J. H. IRWIN, 410
, Kearny st.
$1 l)Cl(\ CLEAR- HOMESTEAD; 160
. «Jp I \J\J\J. acres; not far fn m ."-an Francisco.
Address A. A., box 59, Call Office.
<Bil AAA 280 ACRES GOOD AGRtCUL-
«3r J. UUU. tural land; Tuolumne County: wood
and water: road crosses the land; title perfect. .
9500 — 160 acres first-class land: Marlposa
County; United States patent. a. BRUHNKK,
1714 Folk st.
(JUT 7c 160 ACRES; HOMESTEAD; 40
v X J «J. acres level; 60 miles from San Fran-
■ Cisco.
' ' 950—80 acres; homestead; near railroad; 60
ml es from San 1- rancisco.
91^00— 6 acres; bearing orchard; new 3-room
. house: running water; three-quarters of a mile
from town. •
Also fine country property In exchange for Oak-
. land, Berkeley or San Francisco property.
6:12 Market st., room 5, or D. H. TWINO, So-
noma City. .. ' , ... : . .
OR SALE OR EXCHANGE FOR UNINCUM-
i J? bered property; 170 acres: part In grapes, figs,
, almonds, oranges, etc.; with house or 4 rooms,
barn, etc ; wel! watered: also fine mineral water.
I Apply to box 33, Napa P. O.
p REAJ BARGAIN: 935 PER ACRE: PRO-
VJ duces finest vegetables, hay, grain or fruit: Al-
ameda Co., 36 mi. from city; also small Improved
places: cheap. H. J. DItiGLES, 69 Columbia bids.
L OR SALE AT A BARGAIN OR EXCHANGE
y — oas acres; stock and fruit ranch; 13 miles
from Oakland; 85 In choice irults: fine buildings:
j pasture land; well watered, piped to bouse and
I barn; stock, farming tools, etc. BENHAM <&
THOMAS. 465 Ninth st., Oakland.
A BIN C 0. —26 MILES FROM CITY; 940 TO
$80 per acre; choice lands in tracts of all sizes;
Improved farms, chicken ranches, hay, grain, fruit
anil vege:ab lands: easy terms; rail and water
transit; good schools. HOME Si FARM CO., 64
Chronicle bldg.
~\ ITTLE HOMES - CLOSE TO TOWN; IM-
Xj proved: easr terms; also 4 to 12-acre pieces
on 8 and 10 years* credit. D, H. TWIN So-
noma City; every Monday at 632 Market St., X F
fflfC AN ACRE: 1280 ACRES TIMBER: GOOD
«JT«J for stock or fruit: plenty water. K. box 40.
• PROPERTY TO -; EXCHANGE.
WISH TO EXCHANGE MY 10-ACRE FRUIT
' »T" orchard, near Hay wards;, trees 6 yean 0 d;
no buildings on the land; • for a nice modern cot-
tage; balance paid in cash. Address F. L., box 65,
Call Office.
1A TO 40 ACRES, IMPROVED; SANTA
■I" Rosa; for city property ; , terms to suit 867
1 ' Folsom st I .'■...;,;;■■ ;{;'.(, .'I- "■" • - : ..' ' -'A ;. * '
pENTRAL CITY PROPERTY: CORNER:
V. for Hma'l suburban homa 1506 Steiner st.
' t) LOTS, 50X120; 7TH A VB,; OF PARK;
— or exchange for Oakland or San Francisco prop-
erty; bargain. SA. D.. Fruit vale P. O. .: * 5
©OX AAA ' PAYING MANUFACTORY;
, <tpjuO.\jy-'\J . take ; pan payment in nnlncnm-
I b red property. - S.. bo 1 92, Call Office.
PROPERTY WANTED.
WANTED— PROPKRTY IN .WESTERN AEk
dition pay rag. ralr income: must be cheap;
I state location, Income and price. 8.W., box 96, Ca11.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
FOR SALE— LOT 60x126: GOOD LOCATION
on Eleventh aye., East Oik. anil; street work
all done; level and desirable; cash $750. li. H.
WELCH & Co., 1383 Fifth aye.
LOR SALE— LOT 60x150 OK 160x150; BEAU-
■*- tiful location on Tenth aye.. Ku-t Oakland; fine
view; choice neighborhood: onlvs2oper front foot
if taken soon. B. H. WELCH & Co.. 1383 Fifth
avenue.
OR RENT— NEW 6 AND 7 ROOM FLATS;
-T nicely located on Sixth aye, East Oakland;
close to elect! lo-cars and broad-gauge stall
every n<od m convenience; rent reasonable. B.
11. WELCH * CO., 1383 Fifth aye. '
WANTED — PRACTICABLE AND UP-TO-
drte druggist to rent store In good location in
East Oakland: fixture « in store and trade estab-
lished: reasonable rent to right party. B. H.
WELCH & CO., 1383 Fifth aye,, East OaKland.
TOOTHING LIKE IT; GaLI^DO TRACT,
-Ll East Oakland; large fine lots ready to build
on, $125 upward: streets all graded and macadam-
ized ; city wa er and sewer; site, climate and soil
the best; surrounded by comfortable homes: 3
minutes' walk from two electric-car lines and
fine schoolhouse. and but a few minutes' .walk
from the southern Pacific local trains; will build
you a horn-; payments as rent: lots small amount
io.vn a..d ¥5 to $10 monthly; free carriage to
tract Call at office Or drop us a line, 459 >lnh
st., bet. Broadway and Washington, Oakland: H.
Z. JONES, owner.
C»7()A BEAUTIFUL HOME; 3 MILES
«fl) I ul/.from Fruitvale, on electric mad; bouse
almost new and everything in good condition: flue
garden; balance of $750 can remain on easy terms;
or will exchauge for lot. Apply E. P., box 94, Call.
<stl 900 MUST BE SOLD; OWNER GOING
«ID -I «£'-'*-'• away: neat modern cottage; lot 50x
133; convenient to local train. Call or address 30
Hannah st, Oakland.
VfICE COTTAGE. 6 ROOMS, BATH, LAUN-
i-i dry, attic, flowers and fruit; rent $15. 1143
Nineteenth s:., near T«enty-thlrd aye., East Oak-
land.
QJJf'AA 23- ACRE CHICKKN RANCH; ALL
«IDUUI/. tillable; family chard, house, eC : »
positive bargain. ALDE.N-GARFIELD CO., 902
Broadway.
TyiLL EXCHANGE MODERN 5-ROOM COT-
*» tage hi Alameda for country property; value
$2500. BENHAM A THOMAS, 485 Ninth at.,
Oakland.
A TFRUITVALE.2 AND 3 BLOCKS FKOM
J\. station; choice building lo s on easy terms;
$•25 cash; streets graded and macadamized; sew-
ers, water and sis In: delightful cllma c; 45 min-
utes from !-au Francisco; fare if 3 per month or S
cents per trip; these lots are a bargain at $350.
Syndicate Investment Company, 65 Chronicle
ding, or LOWKY, OWEN & CO., Fruitvale
station. '■>/#:• v'-
'_>P;nn CHARMING HOME IN OAKLAND
iJU\J\J. suburbs: 1 1-5 acres; climate com-
fortable year through; no kil.ingf Oil; oranges
and lemons grow: co*t over $70.0; must sell.
Principals only address Owner, box 6, Call Office,
-lurid. ' .
OfJA ACRES CLEAR LAND; NEVER CUL-
Z.UV tlvated; San a Clara County, near Sara-
toga; fine iiuit land: only $2600. C. KING,
902 Broadway, Oakland.
1 f\ ACRES. HAYWABD", MILK OUT: HALF
i\J in fruit; no house: $160!), half cash. C. K.
KING, 902 Broadway, Oakland.
1 ACRES, s-ONOMA COUNTY, NEAR
1L»" Guerneville; *2v50: appraised $2500. C.
K. KING, 902 Broadway. oaktond. •
Bacri-:s walnut crej-.k, 15 miles
U from Oakland; small house; young orchard;
$1000. C. K. KING, 902 Broadway, Oaicland.
ACRE AND A HALF; EABT OAKLAND;
modern house; barn; $3500; cheap. C K.
KING, 902 Broadway, Oakland.
7 ■_> ACRES; CONTRA COSTA COUNTY: 12
I •> miles from Oakland: to trade for Oakland or
Berkeley house worth $7000; mortgage $ 000.
C. K. KING, 902 Broadway, Oakland.
OT FKUITVALE. 57 BY 120; ONLY $600.
C. K. KINO, 902 Broadway, Oailan d
-TOC ACRES ON RUSSIAN RIVER. MKN-
• '-<-' docln .) County; trade for renting property:
this is clear; $8100. C. K. KING, 902 Broadway, i
Oakland. ' ' i
— j
FOR SALE-$950: GENUINE BARGAIN; j
lot 26x1i7: cottage of 5 rooms; almost new; I
just papered; T^-foot basement, floored an pur- j
titioned; washtubs, gas, etc.; street paved and
sewered: tnar Adeline oiHtlon; $sCOdown, balanci I
time 10 suit; take this quick. A. J. BNYDtiK &
CO., 467 Ninth st., i a'Uanc!.
TO THE HIGHEST BIDDER- A CHOICE
lot, with free city water for one year, and side-
walk connection with two electric-car lines, will
be sold within the next ten days at purchaser's
own price. Investigate this betore purchasing.
Address J., box 12, Call Office, Oakland. ■
— '
XTEAT HOME IN FRUITVALE: LARGK
-Li lot; near electric cars; only $2250; easy pay-
Cents worth $2300. Call or write H. U. MAX-
FIELD, 19 Montgomery st , S. F.
CM! Oft CHICKEN RANCH, COMPLETE.
«jr^iA vl/. first class, fully equipped, comprising
4 acres; incubators, stock 1000 chickens, 200
ducks, horses, wagons, etc.:* 2% acres bearing or-
chard: fine modern cottage and bath: this Is a
bargain and pays well; adjoins limi sof Oanland.
ALDEN-GARFIKLD CO., 902 Broadway.
UST SELL-$700; LOT 223x171; IN OAK-
land: a rare opportunity to those seeking
small homes convenient to the city.
. Wanted— Oakland, Berkeley or Alameda proD-
erty In exchange for goad country property.
63« Market st. room 5.
BEAUTIFUL ELMHL'RST LOTS; NEAR
iJ electric cars: formally sold 5250 and $3.<0
each, now only $150; no interest, only #5 down,
balance, $1 a week. D. STEKNSEHER & CO ,
628 Montgomery st, room 25.
T ARGE AND SMALL RANCHES WANTED
JU in exchange lor pood Oakland property. ED-
SON <fc TUKTON, 1209 Broadway, Oakland.
GET A CHOICE, HEALTHFUL HOME SITK
while prices are low; lots $100 to $150 at
Fitchburs;, beyond Frultva'e; the best property
for Investment now offered ; local trams and
electric can: 10 minutes to Oakland and 45 to
San Francisco; splendid climate, out of damp
belt: soil excellent tor gardening; very best water
facilities; good school; terms to suit Berore buy-
ing In this locality see the owner of this property
C. M. i.VMiI.K viol.;, V\ uulUKtou sl., upstair*
room 28, Oakland, Ca!.
» WEEK'S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS — TJUi
- V WEEKLY CALL. In wrapper, for mailing.
OAKLAND HOUSES TO LET.
TO RENT— 5-KOOM COTT AGE, $8, HIGH
basement, large y.trd. barn and chicken-house:
6-room cottage, $7. large yard and barn: Broom
cottaee, $6 50. large y. rd and barn. R. J. MONT-
GOMERY, 1112 Broadway, Oakland.
OAKLAND K00313 TO LET.
HANDSOME FURNISHED SUNNY ROOM,
$4 per mo.; gentleman. A. i). Fruitvale P. o. !
ALAMEOA AflmilSKMEUfi
J«T,AlinrTt\ kisai. r«TAT",.
FOR SALE— S2SOO CASH: HOUSE 12 ROOMS;
lot 60x140; all furnished and permanently
rented at $JO per month; $3000 mortgage at B Va
per cent: cho res dance portion of Alamedii;
owner non-resident object of sale. J. S. HaNLE V,
1351 Park St., Alameda :
ffljjl||A MODERN HOUSE OF 7 ROOMS
'Ir'iXUv. and bath; large lot; good location;
terms to suit purchaser. JuSEPH A.LEONARD
CO., 1364 Park st. Alameda. ■
JJOOAn .NEW COTTAGE. 4 ROOMS AND
«JP — j-.\J\J. bah, near station: easy terms.
$2850— New cottage, 6 rooms and bath; $150
cash, $30 monthly.
$3100— Colonial cottage, 1 story and a half, near
Bay-street station ; terms reasonable.
SF35OO— Beautiful colonial cottage Of 7 rooms;
corner lot, 60x100; your terms are ours.
MARCUBB A RKMMEL,
Bay-street station, Alameda, and 628 Market St.,
. S. F. Office open Sundays and holidays. ,
flt AA A UH 50x1 la
«IPtlUl/. $1300— Lot 50x150; Morton-st. station.
♦ ISOO— Lot 45x125; house of 7 rooms, wind-
mill, tank and stable. '
- $2000— Elegant cottage of 6 rooms; Chestnut-st.
station.
Bargains in all parts of Alameda. ■, .
' Office open Sundays and holidays.
ffi .. :; : ;t • :-;-:rvv. ALAMEDA LAND CO M ; >";
1 500 Park st., Alameda.
■— ■— —^mm —^— —^ »^—^l^—^—^^—^
lAIAMKDAI AIAMKDA ROOMS AND HOUSES. ; .
mo LET— FOR TWO MONTHS; FURNISHED
■L- house of 6 rooms and bath, In Alameda. For
particulars, address Box 34, Call Office. ■
r-'UitNISHED HOUSE; 6 ROOMS, BATH AND
J. laundry. j 1532 Alameda aye., near Morion
Station. ; : .-. ■
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
HOUSE AND 1 ACRE OF GROUND: FINE
garden; cheap. ASHTON * GARDENER
Emma s^reckels building, 927 Market st
UP-TO-DATE MA P OF BEAUTIFUL BERKE-
«• J ley for sale by : JOS. J. MASON, real estate,
Berkeley.- _.- .■• - ,  •■_ : ..'•
..:/":.-.' ; U STORAGE. - .-■ "••
AT LOW RATES— FURNITURE. CARPETS,
pianos, household goods: dean, '. light com-
! partments; advances made. J. .NOON an, 1017
1 to 1023 Mission st, above sixth; open evenings.
T?URNITUREtPIANOS, ETC. — ADVANCES.
X I packlng.sbipplng. CH AS. L.TAYLOR,2O4Pos;.
■pEDUOr.D KATES, FUBNiTUKK, PIANOS,
IV couaeholu goods, etc. J. Ji. PIEKCK, 735 MJch
FRUITVALE REAL ESTATE.
BEAT SACRIFICE FROM *5000 TO $3200;
VJT modern cottaire of 9 rooms ana bath: fine
mantel, barn, carriage artesian well, wind-
mill and tank; abundance of fruit and flowers; lot
81x'207; located on Frulivale aye.
"REDUCED TO $1050; COTTAGE OF 4 ROOMS;
-lii high basement; 3 chicken-h >nses; city water;
large grounds: frontage on 2 streets; terms if de-
sired.
Oil PkflH A BARGAIN: $100 CASH, $15 PER
«IPJ-i-'UU. month: molern cottage of 6 roams
and oath; flee mantel; 7-foot basement; barn;
cblccen-houses; lot 70x120; fenced.
$lQnn NEW COTTAGE OF 3 ROOMS; COR-
*SiiJ\JVJ. net lot 56x122 to la-foot alley in rear;
only 2 blocks iromFruitvale station.
H. A. FLEITNEK, Fruitva'e station.
FOR RENT— PARTIES WISHING TO START
-L any kind of business can rent at present a nice
store, with living rooms in rear, in the best busi-
ness location of thriving and healthy Fruitvale.
For particulars apply to H. A. PLfc-ITNEU, Fruit-
vale station.
BEAUTIFUL FRUIIVALE." '.
JLJ We have 6 elegant < ottages for sale cheap and
on terms to suit purchasers; price from $800 to
$1' 00; buy a home in this growing suburb. Ap-
ply to llas-ett BROS., Fruitvale station.
MUSICAL. INSTRUMENTS.
ARK YOU ABOUT TO PURCHASE A PIANO*
J\. We sell them for $:i, 4, ?5, $6, $7, $8, $9, $10
per month; also for cash; th» best makers of every
grade; don't pay rent when the same monthly
poymfnts will purchase one from us. SHERMAN,
CLAY A CO., cor. Ktainy ttud butter sis.. Biei.'i-
way dealers. ; ; ."• ' "
» B&OLUTELY THE OLDEST AND LARGEST
xL house west of Chicago is KOHLER A
CHASE'S. 26, 28 and SOo'Farrell St.; pianos, or-
gans and all other musical instruments, of all
grades and prices; terms easy: prices lowest;
everythlnz possible don« to please and tatlsry th«
customer.
BONA FIDE REDUCTION IN PRICES—
Haines, Knabe, Bush & liens and others; sec-
ond-hand pianos from Slot) up. W. c. HAMIL-
TON, successor to A. L. Bancroft &, Co., £24 x'ost
ACTUALLY THE BEST BARGAINS IN PI-
A anos; monthly "payments $5 up: correspon-
dence solicited. THE F. W. SPKNCKR COM-
PANY, 93.-! Market st, opp. Mason; established
over 10 years.
"I i\ DAY CLEARANCE SALE OF PIANOS,
iv Bring your cash and make us an offer. The
Zeno Mauvals Music Ob., 76'J Market st
ADMINISTRATORS SALE- MUST SELL;
J\. pianos at Immense reduction for cash or on
installments. KA'ION. E*TaTE, 735 Market st.
HAW, STEINWa\, *'250; CHICKERINU.
8185; bargains, $4 a month; a nice small up-
right, $95; rent $2 up. HEINE, 136 Ellis st
<3<Q - VKP.Y GOOD ROSEWOOD PIANO;
«Jpi/t). almost new; on lnstal men is. 221 Leav-
enworth st.
ELKGANT GUIID UPRIGHT LESS THAN
half price. E. W. LICK. 116 McAllister st
OOD PIANO FOR SALE OR RENT CHEAP.
SCHMIiZ, lft McAllister st.
EL EG AN T $800. WEBKK UPRIGHT. CHEAP.
IiUUENN'S Piano-house, 228 Post st |
KNABE PIANOS: NEW SCALE; NEW
styles. KOHLER & CHASE, 30 O'FarreU st
AT SHKKMa.N, CLAY «ft CO.'S ONLY WILL,
-TV you find a stock of new tein way pianos.
W(J. BAiMiKIC SULK Ai'KNT FUKUALLEC
• cfc Davis and Franci-t Bacon pianos. 415 >acco.
YKON MALZY, - iOb i'usi M.-SUHII«..,
-13 N ewby <t Evan*. Brigg3 and other pianos.
CUPiCRIOR VIOLINS, ZITHEKS, OLD* NEW
OH. MULLEK, maker, repairer. - Latham place.
•BICYCLES.
HIGH-GRADE NICKKL BICYCLE FOR
li- galH; splendid condition. I-V2 Scott place.
Air A STED-BICYCtE ON HIRE FOR FEW
'» weeks: what offers? B. 0., box 141, Call.
lI AMBLER BICYCLE (HARD TIRES) FOR
It kill or boy, $0'; almost new. 1723 Mason st. 4
ICYCLK SACRIFICE TO SAVE BOND*
men: 1 or 100; wholesale price for cash.
; Specifications and particulars. Attorney at Law,
i box 1259, San Jose, Cal.
'Qf\ FOWLER, EQUAL TO • NEW, $ 0:
•./'-) Steams, model A', $35; snaps in tendems.
Golden Hule Bazaar Cycle Departmt-n'-, 25 Gear.-.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
What is you r vocation?
" '->-•> HAVE YOl PROSPERED?
WHAT ARE YOUR HOPES?
Mrs. DR. F.CLARK will lift the dark veil of
your future life; she gives you valuable ADVICE
vnd AID in all affairs of life, of private as well as
of business nature as, for instance, pertaining to
Love, Matrimony, Friendship, Business, Lawsuits,
Contested Wills, .Divorce. Damage Suits. Mining.
Shu discovers lost or stolen property, finds burled
treasures, prevents sickness misfortune: recon-
ciles the separated, thus restoring lost happiness.
Every rerson li adapted to some particular busi-
ness, profession or 1 rade, which may Justly be term-
ed their trua vocation, and yet more than half of
you are fighting against on unknown fate tor tame,
tortune and position which you do not and cannot
obtain until you find your true vocation. Hours. 9
to 6 daily. Send stamp for circular and special
terms. MBS, DR. F. CLARK, 1206 Market, 8. F.
A A. A. ~1 r ~ *
. '1 he most successful medium In the city.
Tells full name.
MRS. NASH,
Clairvoyant and Medium.
I lerd and otheis fo'low.
A li challenges accepted.
And in return challenge the world.
Mrs. Nnsh ha.i no rival in her profession and
stands without an equal before the public. Thou-
sands who v sued her and tcs.ed her wonderful
power are singing her praise throughout the
land. She does not come here an entire si ranger,
but comes indorsed by press and public as the
greatest living wonder of the sent age, and I
have testimonials to show at my parlors that can
be investigated 10 the fullest extent .
All business strictly private.
Mrs. Nash tells you your complete past, your
present life, your entire future, the names of a I
lov. d ones, what yon should do to n void trouble or
disappointment, how to recover lost property; she
changes misfortune into good luck, tells you how
your business transactions will turn out and bow
to make them succeisful: she predicts Important
events long before they happen; in fact, there
are no hidden mysteries so deep that she cannot
fathom. . . ■ . ,vC -.- >
- Come ye who suffer and be healed; cmc ye
speculators and be advised; come ye lovers and
win your idol;., come ye broken-hearted wives:
come all who are in trouble and learn to bess this
wond.-.rful , medium, the greatest prophetess now
in America.
Office 420 Eddy st,- between Leavenworth and
Hyde. Hours from 9 a m. to Bp. M.
Lunies received only. .:>.-V
N. B. — No sign. :!!-'; [■,■•. -V «'>:■;
MMF. LE NORMAND, A LIVING EXPON-
ent of truthful cialrvovancy: names given;
all questions answered in full: satisfaction guaran-
teed: 25c up. by mall SI: life charts containing
1 orsonal dts rini.cns, • names, dates, etc., $2.'0;
18? soid. during past 9'J drys; if unsatisfactory
money r<fand d. 1 Polk st, near Market.
MX. DH THOMAS, FKOM BE IiLIN, SCIEN-
i»I lift; revea by eggs and cards: tells entire
life. pa.i. s'nt. future; consultations on all
affairs, nothi g excep ed; names given: good ad«
vice; sure help. impor.s genuine gypsy love pow-
der: mls'.ake impossible; $1, letter $2. 929 Post.
MMt.PORIEI:, WONDERFUL CLAIRVOY-
ant card-reader, born double veil and second
sight; diagnoses (Unease, full life reading; la 60c;
gents $1; palm, and claliv.; sit $1 50. 126 Turk.
ME. ARNDT, GEKMAN FORTUN
er; tells past and future; gives picture future
husband or wife; 25c up: never falls. 228V£ Sixth.
ME. MELBOURNE, GIFTED CLAIRVOY-
ant: never fails; can and be convinced, 419
Geary st, room 22, second floor; 25c.
VI ME. MOREAU, BEST MEDIUM, CLAIR-
Jtl voyantand cardreader, Is bac< to her old place
73 Fourth St.: customers please call; fee, 2&c up.
ELVIN A BLATJI.R.CLATRVOY ANK.MOV'a
i<l to 797 Mission St.; advice on business and love
affairs: plcturW future husband or wile: charms.
MMX. HANSEN, PALMIST, CARD-READER;
-"A past, present and future: 25c. 148 6th St., r. 5.
RS. MELVILLE, WELL-KNOWN i. LAlR-
voyant, 61 Huh st ; water readings specialty.
ME. RAVKNA RE A LIFE FLUENTLY;
business advic •; name* given; '25c up.s Fourth.
YPSY LIFER -ADER. 3 SEVENTH ST.;
: ladles 25c, gems 50c: | all questions answered.
MME. SYBILLE TKLLS FROM CRADLE TO
IVI (rave: pictures given: ladles 25c. 914 O'FarrelL
sriRITUALISM.
AM. FRANCIS. INDEPENDENT SLATE
.•writer. 118 Halgbt St.; hours 9 until 6r.11,
\fME. OHM AN, SPIRITUAL MEDIUM, GIVES
iH messages and advice on all matters pertain-
ing to mortal affairs; convincing tests. 838 Mission
MRa Kate hoskins' circles; tues. &
Fit, 8 p.m.; readings daily, $1. 701 McAllister.
MRS.J. WHITNEY, SPIRITUAL MEDIUM,
for messages ami advice. . 218 Stockton si.
. f HYPNOTISM.
HYPNOTISM CURES WHEN ALL ELSB
fails: alto taught Hypnotic Inst.. 6 O'FarreU.
ATTORNEYS- AT-LAW.;
ADVICE FREE: DIVOaCIi: LAWS A SPEC
XX ialty: private; no fee without success; probate
Insolvency, collections, patents, 'trademarks, etc
obtained; private detectives: established 10 yean
G. W.lioWt, atty at 1aw,850 Mfrket.cor. b.ockta
EW. X ING, ATTORN T-LA W. CiIROX
• ; Wie building; «dvice Uets; low to.-s, all com*
1314
houses TO LET.
FOR RENT— FURNISHED HOUSE in THE
country, two miles from San Jose; home 9
rooms; modern Improvements: electric cars pass
ihedoor: ?4U per month, including water. Ad-
dress J. . W. RE A & CO., San Jose.
HOUSE, 10 ROOMS AND BATH. 1212 AND
1220 Mission st., bet. Eighth and Ninth; rent
reduced to $36. -.
Q9l DOLOR ES-6 ROOMS AND BATH;
O-J 1 stable; $16. Inquire on premises.
4 1 ..) < Cl AVIA ST.— HOUSE 6 ROMS AND
4 1 «i bath; yard; basement« perfect order: $20.
91 /» HICKORY AYE. — 4 BOOMS AND
-10 washroom; rent $11.
HOUSES TO LET CHEAP— PINE, C \ LlFOR-
nlaand O'Farreli sis. Inquire of owner, 426
Austin st .
1C 1C SCOTT, NR. PINE-NEARLY NEW
XOIO modern sunny flat: 7 rooms: bath: 10
closets; large suuny yard: reasonable.
HOUSE OF 11 ROOMS FOR 1 OR 2 FAMl-
lies: cheap. 247 Stevenson st.
ANDSOME, SUNNY 6 ROOMS; POKCE-
IaIn plumbing: cheap rent. 610 Guerrero si.
C« 1 d HOUSE 6 SUNN V ROOMS; 30 SILVER
(JrlO.st. Apply at 38 Silver.
i -STORY DWELLING WITH BATH AND
~ nice garden; rent cheap to a desirable party.
8635 Twentieth st., above Valencia.
pKKSIDIO HIKiHTH-NEW MODERN
X house of 9 rooms and bath: grand marine view; j
first-class order; 0419 Jackson St.; rent reasona-
ble. Apply MADISON & BURKE.
HOUSES TO RENT FOR VERY LITTLE
money at BALDWIN <& . HOWELL's, 10
Montgomery st.
FURNISHED HOUSES.
SAN JO C E— FURNISHED HOUSE ON THE.
Alameda, 9 rooms, bath, large grounds, fruit
and flowers- Address box 226, San Jose.
/COMFORTABLY FURNISHED HOUSE, 8
V.J rooms; bath: barn; horses, cows, etc.. if
warned; at Larkspur, iiouse, box 94, this office.
1/URNIBHED NKW RESIDENCE, 10 ROOMS;
-T every room sunny. 2516 Pine; Ito 4.
I UKNISHED FLATS.
TTPPER FLAT, FURNISHED WITH PIANO
U and billiard table, to le: 10 thoroughly re-
sponsible tenant; $40 permonth. Apply *3 but-
ter ft., rr>om 43.
COTTAGES TO LET.
pOR.VFR OF LAIDLEY AND MATEO STa.
\J Fulrraount Tract— 4-room cottaee and attic;
cnicKen-housts, garden; stable for 2 horses, ani
shed: $8.
r ( )Q BARTJ.ETT— 4 ROOMS AND BATH;
04L.0 lovely cottage.
{JIA AND $8 50— 2;t OTTAGES. 11 RUSSELL
JJlIUst. and 3 Tay, off Clay, near Mas~>n.
COTTAGE. 5 ROOM*. BATH, WITH LARGE
\J barn, inquire 429 Grove st.
-1 I ' Q GREENWICH ST.— COTTAGE OF 5
J ' _.«-/ large rooms; basement; yard: marine
view.
1 OVELY COTTAGE 6 ROOMS; FINISHED
1j basement. 1904 Baker, near Sacramento.
C»"| Q SUNNY COTTAGK: 4 LARGE ROOMS,
«JpJ.O. basement, yard. Cor. Dolores and 15th.
TO LET- COTTAGE 5 ROOMS AND BATH;
1 rent $18. 449 Bryaut st.
FLATS TO LET;
TIT HAVE 40 BRAND NEW FLATS NOW 1
TT ready; half mo. free. SPECK & CO., 602 Mkt.
CUQ 4 ROOMS. 427 S.EVENSON ST., BET.
tJpO. Fifth and Sixth: apply In rear.
"DEDUCED— UPPER FLAT 6 ROOMS, BATH,
XV garden; carpeted throughout; cheap rent. 828
Lombard st.
T/RENCH FLAT; 4 ROOMS; BATH: WASH
.£ trays. 3554 Twenty-third st, cur. Guerrero.
Jin ~r\ MODERN FLATS OF 5 AND 6
»J" 1 — . »_)*.'. rooms and bath. Howard St., beL
Mxteenth and Seventeenth.
mjn LOWER FLAT; 4 ROOMS. 1143 FLOR-
CO. Ida st.; key at grocery, cor. Twe nty-fourih
and Florida.
Ql» = 4 ROOMS; ALL RENOVATED. 1116
tip • O. Larkin st.; lower flat.
VLAT OF 5 ROOMS AND BATH. REASON-
X' able. 1007 Lombard st , near Hyde.
O LET— 6 LARGE ROOMS; BATH; GAS;
rent reasonable; Key at 326 a Fremont st. .
or SHIPLEY, NR. FOLSOM AND SIXTH:
_.«J'J new house 24 rms.; $26. 1nq.1151 Guerrero.
"I .n A STEIN KR- UPPER 7 ROOMS AND
I—l -i bath: rent $19. Call Ito4p. _.
I 1 O'J HOWARD— 4 MCE SUNNY UNFUR-
XXOO nishel rooms; large yard; cheap rent.
UPPER FLAT; 6 SUNNY ROOMS AND i
- bath. 18 Guy place, off First st , between
Folsom auu Hairlson.
AY-WINDOW FLAT OF 6 ROOMS, BATH;
X> modern improvements. 3Va Bowie aye.
fl> , (\ 4 ROOMS; YAKD. 22 DE BOOM ST.,
ijl-lui off >eioi!U. near Brannan.
rUTOF4 ROOMS; RENT $10. 716 NATO-
X mast, bet. Eighth and Ninth.
\}A ZOE, BKT. BKYANT END BRANNAN—
o^Z .•sunn/ flat of 4 rooms.
19/; O'FARKELL — UPPER FLAT OF 4
— U rooms, rent reasonable to quiet family.
L'PPER AND LOWER FLATS, .6 AND 6
' rooms: Improvements in first-class order.
1138 Pacinc, nr. Jones, 1 dlock trom Jacksou-at.
cars.
"I f«9Q GROVE— SIDE; 5 LARGE
XD—.O rooms, bath, pantry, stationary tubs;
Uneyard; high basement; rent $20.
lfilO MINNA, NEAR ELEVENTH— 4 AND
Xv/J — . 6 sunny rooms; folding doors; gas; yard;
rent $14 up. .
fl_Q FLAT; 3 ROOMS, YARD AND "BASE-
•?•'. menu 123 San Jose aye., nr. Twenty-
tliir 1 st.
C«4)/\ UPPER FLAT. 6 ROOMS, BATH;
t[p^\/. chicken yard. 1724 Folsom st., near j
Tnirteenth.
q VERONA, OFF THIRD— NICE SUNNY
•J flat, 6 rooms and bath; basement and yard;
rent reasonable.
jC7m EIGHTEENTH, N EAR DOUGLASS-
"Ult/sunuy rooms; modern . improvements;
rent $13; water free.
C_l 9 3 LARGK ROOMS; YARD; CELLAR;
<pX_i. 17 Elliott Park, off .-teinrr St., near
Geary. Appiy 1911 oeary st.
«JU 1 o 1425% r-ACRAMENTO >T., NEAR
0 O. Hyde; flat, 6 rooms, batn and yard.
Or o HAKIUJCT, BKI. HARRISON AND
- .OO Bryant— Upper flat, 3 rooms: rent cheap.
©1O SUNNY FLAT OF 6 ROOMS. 478 TK-
"tjpi-^* bamu su, near Sixth.
UPPER FLAT. 6 SUNNY ROOMS AND BATH.
i 7 Pond st., near Sixteenth and Market. '
Ql - HYDE-DESIRABI.F; SUNNY; CLO!*-
OltJ ets; handsome finish; latest improvements.
PPER: 6 SUNNY ROOMS. BATH. £0 MOSS
) st, off Howard, nr. Seventh; keycor. Howard.
SUNNY LOW KR FLAT, 6 BOOMS. BATH-
S 22 50. *518 butter St.
HOUSES AND FLATS RANGING FROM 4
to 9 rooms, rents from $13 60 to $37 60; at-
tractive location, sunny and quiet; large yard for
flowers; 10 minutes from Palace Hotel by Mis-
sion-st. electric-cars. DEMPSTER, 80 Glen Park
aye., off Twelfth st.
VICE SUNNY BAY-WINDOW FLAT, FIVE
_> rooms and bath; rent $16 2046 McAllister.
mPAGB-6UNNY FLAT, 6 ROOMS AND
bath.
UNNY FLATS, 8 4 AND 5 ROOMS. 1626
Howard, between Twelfth and Thir.eenth.
OKI A POST-SUNNY BAY-WINDOW FLAT;
4.0 L^t 5 rooms and bath; $15.
790 EDDY. NEAR VAN NKSs AYE. — ELE-
i-JO gantiopfl^l; modern. Inquire 810 Market.
TTPPER FLAT, 4 IMPROVED ROOMS AND
<J cellar. NE. cor. Sanchez and Twenty-third.'
©I 1 UPPER FLAT; 4 SUNNY ROOMS. 27
<g?XX. Pearl St., off Market, near Valencia.
1 1 1 . ELM AVH. — UPPEK AND LOWER
XX X i flat, $6 and $6. Inquire 1612 Go.den
Gate aye.
CIJIC lovely FLAT 5 rooms; SUN all
tip 10. day; ba'.h; pas; cars pass the door. 1512
Castro st., near Twenty-lift h.
FLATS TO LET FOR V Eli V LITTLE
money at BALDWIN iUOWtLL'S, Mont-
gomery su
/>HEAP MODERN FLATS. b AND 8
V rooms. $8 to $16: m them. 623 venta st.
HOUSEKEEPING KOOMS.
 Buchanan Street.
p.f)O BUCHANAN, (OR. FKLL— SUNNY FUR-
\J\J£i nished bay-window and kitchen complete:
cook stove. ' *
HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS- Continued.
lum ' true
THAI BUSH— SUNNY FRONT SUITE AND
• "U2 kitchen, $20; sunuy front room and
kitchen, $15; gas ranges. •
Eddy Street. .
Ql C EDDY— 2 OR 4 UNFURNISHED OR
t/J-O furnished sunny rooms; reference.
Eighth street.
IAC EIGHTH— 2 SUNNY ROOMS FOR
IUO housekeeping; other rooms.
I :io EIGHTH — a CONNECTING HOI SE-
X ■ '•> keeping rooms; completely furnished; call
Monday; cheap.
: < Hit* Street.
000 ELLIS-CHANGED HANDS; MODERN
»)_._ housekeeping apartment-house; mtwly fur-
n!>hed; suites if 2 to b rooms; single and doub.u
rooms.
/.no KLLI>, COR. LARKIN— SUNNY FUR-
DO «7 nished bay-window; kitchen, stove, gas,
bath.
1 11th Street.
O9T FIFTH-NICE LARGE STJNNT FRONT
__1 rooms wild kitchen: housekeeping; double.
i olaom Street.
of FOLSOM— LA FURNISHED ROOM:
D— light Housekeeping: $5 monthly.
I I(\A FOLSOM - LARGE SUNNY FRONT
1 Utl housekeeping room furnished.
Q7 4 FOLSOM-NICE SUNNY FURNISHED
0 I tt rooms: liousekeepg: private famil/: cheap.
1 ('1 '-> FOLSOM. Nk-ARTWELFTH—
l'llO sunny, unfurnishfd. housekeeping rooms;
: bath; $12.
. Fourth street.
,4 or FOURTH— 2 LARGE ROOMS, FUR-
'I ■• »O nished or unfurnished; also 1 large room;
$7. ______■
AO7 FOURTH— 2 OR 3 ROOMS FOR HOUSE-
*i O I keeping; furnished; cheap. '
Franklin Street.
719 FRANKLIN— 3 FURNISHED SUNNY
HZ rooms; bath; complete housekeeping; pri-
vate family.
Fulton Street.
QAQ FULTON— 2 ROOMS FOR HOUSE-
OUO keeping.
Golden Gate Avenue.
■I [\>r Q GOLDEN GATE AYE.— 2 SUNNY UN-
X\'OO furnished connecting rooms, honsekeep-
inz. -£V
Harrison Street.
79A HARRISON— 2 SUNNY FRONT ROOMS,
I — .U furnished complete for housekeeping.
7*_>.fl HARRISON — TWO UNFURNISHED
1 O^'i sunny rooms for light housekeeping; rea-
sonable.
Hawthorne Street.
1 79 HAWTHORNE, NR. HARRISON— FOR
X 1 — man and wife; desirable and reasonable;
references. .
iiuvra-.-ii Mi«o..
r.f\ I HOWARD-SUITE OF NICE ROOMS,
OU'I with gas and bash, reasonable.
-ij \ HOWARD — NICE LARGE SUNNY
I Utr rooms suitable for business or housekeep-
ing: cheap.
7/«11 HOWARD— LARGE SUNNY 'SUITE,
101% with kitchen, bath; others; reasonable.
O-l QB HOWAJ'.D, NSAR FOURTH (HAN-
OI- over House)— 2 sunny housekeeping rooms,
$10
■ I 4 9 HOWARD — FRONT CONNECTING
1 I 'i— hocseßeeping rooms, range, $10; also 3
rooms. $10.
Ivy Avenue. ,
Ql r.l IVY AYE.. OFF FRANKLIN ST., |
• )J- O2 near Hayes s.: 3 cozy connecting sunny
rooms; sink, stove, etc.; adults.
iitMie Mreet.
AOO JESSIE— NICE SUNNY FURNISHED
ttOO housekeeping rooms: $5 to $6 each.
1 ai km Street.
Q9£« LARKIN — 2 OR 3 SUNNY HOUSE-
«_)— . ') keepim upar.ments: central locatioa: bath.
19Q I ARKIN— NICELY FURNISHED RMS.
J— •</ for housekeeping: suites or single.
f>()cl LARKIN, THIRD BELL— 2 SUNNY
U _.».-);• furnished or unfurnished rooms.
7|/-LAi.KIN ST.— SUNNY FURNISHED
I lv housekeeping rooms, single or en suite; !
$10 up. i
31 a* on Street.
A"I Q MASON — HANDSOME FURNISHED
ttX O parlor; floor suitable for 4 persons; light
housekeeping.
kinna Street.
rQr MINNA. NR. SIXTH— LARGE SUNNY
i)*)tj housekeeping room; 18.
~_E' MINNA — 2 SUNNY CONNECTING
o*lo rooms; pent, wife; light housekeeping.
UQ MINNA— NICELY FURNISHED SUN-
i)iO ny housekeeping rooms.
Mission Street.
09 1 MISSION— SIO, SUNNY SUITE COM-
O_ .X piete: single room, $4. , ■ ?-*
; 1 fW-O MISSION (East LYNN)— 2 SUNNY
IvOi) housekeeping rooms; water: no objec-
-1 tion to children. ,
-1 1 or MISSION— 2 SUNNY HOUSEKEEP-
XX O I ing rooms; also 'A furnished single rooms.
1 i;"i MIS-lON, ( OR. NINTH— 3 CONNECT-
XAOX Ing houiekeeplog rooms, complete: $12.
iUosa Street.
81 MOSS ST., NEAR HOWARD— FURNISH-
-2 ed housekeeping rooms; $10.
1 •> MOs>S, OKJ-' UUWaHD, NR. SEVENTH— 2
1 0 roams, furnished complete for housekeeping.
■ »iuin» str«««. .
9Q A NATOMA, NEAR FOURTH-2 SUNNY
Z.O\) furnished rooms: yard; $10.
- * - N ATOM A— SUITE OF HOUSEKEEPING
000 rooms: $8, $9, $10 per month; yard.
Ninth Stree:.
OA NINTH— I TO 3 HOUSEKEEPING RMa,
_iv stove, water, gas; also 248 Eighth su, $10.
91 NINTH — URN I SHED A- OMa FOR
— X housekeeping; also others; water: gas, etc.
Oak Street.
9Q-I OAK— UNFUPVISHED SUNNY ROOM;
— Ol low rent; lor light housekeeping.
Octavla Street.
IJfiQ OCTAVIA, COR. GEARY -SUNNY
XrlV/O furnished room 1 person; $6, $2, $7.
Pearl Street.
3 PEARL, COR. MARKET, OPP. OCTAVIA— 2
0 or 3 well-furnished housekeeping rooms.
;,,' Perry Street. .
9C PERRY— 3 NICE SUNNY UNFURNISHED
—■'J rooms to let: upstairs; suitable for small
family: fine large yard.
i mo sires..
91 1 PINE —TO LET, NEWLY FTJB •
— XJ L ± nished large front room.
tilth ■ >■■-»«.
194 SIXTH — 3 NEATLY FURNISHED
*-*n rooms for housekpinz; sunny suites; single.
Q"l A SIXTH — « BAY-WINDOW HOUSE-
OX'X keeping suites: $10 am f 12.
4.VQ ~IXTH-NICt SUNNY FRONT ROOMS
t— v furaisned for light Housekeeping.
-•< 'M,,| .-Str^eu
nl C SECOND-SUNNY COR. furnished
*JX U floor of 8 rooms, bath; only $15.
•Tenth .stree:.
1 42v, EVENTH ( lil l ; ARD)-SUITES AND
Xtr^i kitchens ;aIBO Bltigle rooms-.newly renovated
. Seventeenth Street.
Q^Pil SEVENTEENTH, BET VALENCIA
OttUX and Guerrero-Large front room with al-
cove, furnished lor housekeeping: reßt $9. -
South Pane.
00 SOUTH PARK-1 OR 2 NICELY FUR-
O±j nished sunny rooms for housekeeping.
Shotwell Street.
91 7 SHOTW'ELJ^-3 OR 3 FURNISHED
all rooms for housekeeping; gas; bath.
Stelner Street.
SUNNY FLAT; 5 ROOMS, BATH AND YARD-
-10 minutes, Baldwin. . 10 to 12, 1127 Stelner!
iciiHiiiH Street.
717 TEHAMA— 2 FURNISHED ROOMS
Ii I compete for housekeeping, . including kit-
chen; running water.
Taylor Street.
1 f\Q TAYLOR— Fltw .. X LITE, WITH ROOM
IUO and kitchen, for housekeeping or single.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 30, 1897.
HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS —Continued.' ,
Tenth Street.
m TENTH— 3 LOVELY HOUSEKEEPING;
piano optional; toilet-room; cheap.
Thirteenth . Street.
fflJiiA TWO - ROOMS FURNISHED COM-
1 .U. plete for housekeeping, with' yard and
porch. 326 Thirteenth, bet. Mission and Valencia.
3 uik Stree:.
<;en TURK— 2 SUNNY ROOMS COMPLETE
_ OO for housekeeping, $12 and $15: also single,
$> and $8.
Xirenty-aixth Street.
80017 TWENTY-SIXTH. NEAR MISSION—
O'lOl Desirable furnished* large sunny house-
keeping rooms; low rent.
Mil I%e«s Avenue.
909 VAN NKSSAV. (B2LLKVUE)—
«'— keeping apartments; with gas ranges; en
suite or single •
n(\(' VAN NESS— sunn NEWLY FUR-
I \J\j nlshed or uuiurnished rooms with carpets.
Webster Street.
1 r 1 C WEBSTER-"LARGE SUNNY FRONT
1 OX O rooms, running water, bath and gas; also
housekeeping rooms: reasonable.
BOOMS TO LET.
Anthony Street.
8 ANTHONY, OFF MISSION, NR. SECOND—
Nice sunny front rooms; $1 75 per week.
Aah Avenue.
mASH AYE., OFF MCALLISTER— NICE
X— <tt large furnished loom: $6.
Bush Street.
THE LORISTON (APARTMENT HOUSE),
X 621 and 653 Bush St. — Renovated and under
new management; quiet family house and cen-
tral ; sunny rooms, en suite and single.
1 99Q 1 BUSH*-FRONTROOM,«S A MONTH,
1 — _»)•.• furnished.
California Street.
1 £>1 (* CALIFORNIA — 8 NICELY FUR-
XUX U nished suuny rooms to leu;
i-«i<iy street.
1 1 Q NEWLY FURNISHED SUNNY,
XX O clean rooms; $6 up; also housekeeping suite.
1-ifchtli Strnot.
QHERJIAS ATARTMKNT HOUSK. 2* JTTH
0 «t.. near M arket: furnished nnd unfurnished.
Qin EIGHTH. NKAK JkuLSOM-3 LAItOJI
OIV/ rooms; rent $10.
*-"!«• Street.
ROYAL HOUSE. 126 ELLIS— INCANDEB-
cent lights: reading-room, smoking-room and
ladies' parlor; rooms per night. 350 to $1 50;
week, $2 to $8; month, $8 to $30; elevator on
oil. re floor: rooms with hot and cold water: baths.
rrj- ELLIS ST.— elegant bay-window
O\JO room for gentlemen ; suites and single. "
791 ELLIS— SUNNY SINGLE ROOM IN
1 — X private family; rent $5: use of bath.
Fell Street.
1 nqi FELL — 3 NICELY FURNISHED
XUOX housekeeping rooms; bath; rent cheap.
* Jith street.
THE COSMOPOLITAN — SELECT FAMILY
X hotel: 100 Fifth st., cor. Mission: rooms
60c, 75c and $1 per night: $2 to $5 per week.
•1 A 7 fifth— pleasant sunny unfur-
X\J i nlshed rooms to let.
luiton Street.
3 FULTON (FULTON HOUSE)— NICELY FUR-
-0 nishfd rooms: single or eD suite; $8 and $16 up.
O«>j»rv Street.
997 GEARY — NICELY FURNISHED
— ■— . • single rooms: rent reasonable.
Qrvl OEA.Y- NEWLY FURNISHED BAY-
OU J_ window rooms; reasonable; elegant cor flat.
THE MARTINET, 1101 GEARY, sw. COR.
Van Ness— Handsome suites, newiy furnished.
Golden Gate Avcuua.
91 Q GOLDEN GATE AYE.— SUNNY FRONT
ZtXtj bay-window room, also single, $5 up. ; ; .
1 \(\4 GOLDEN GATE LARGE, FUR-
X'lU'd nisbed, sunny room: bath: private; $6.
1 41 H GOLDEN GATE AYE.— NICK, FUK-
lllv nished rooms; hot and cold bath; $5, $6.
Hayes Street.
COO HAVES— SUNNY FURNISHED ROOM
i)»;") in private family: rent $4.
done* Street.
9/\T JONEB ("THE VAN WIN KLE")-HAND-
«-' ' * somely furnished rooms, suites o- single.
ivearny rco-.
* BMNGTON HOUSE, 127 KF.ARNY -
2V Pleasant sunny rooms, en suite and single; first
class In every respect: terms reasonable.
Learenwortii street.
HOC LEAVENWORTH, NR. JACKSON— I
ItOU large furnished room, $7; 1 small room,
$5; private family.
Jiaikrt Mi 00-.
YOBEMITE HOUSE, 1045 MARKET-PER
X night, 35c to $1; week, $1 60 to $&; families.
HOTEL
LAS PALMAS.
Brand new; everybody that sees it says it's the
nicest place in town to live; probably it Ii; It
beats anything we know of anyway; electric
lights, hot water, steam heat, porcelain tubs and
exquisitely furnished: if yon;dou't want to move
you'd better not see it.
I. HOTEL LAS PALMAB,
1820 Market su, above Van Ness aye.
llartha . Place.
3 MARTHA PLACE, BKT. MASON AND TAY-
lor, off Geary— Nicely furnished room, 1 8.
n MARTHA PLACKS.OFF GE A V ST., ABOVE
0 Mason— Large sunny room; lor 2; J8 a month.
McAllister fcireet.
7AQ MCALLISTER— I SMALL FURNISHED
lUOroom: also lnr?e one: cheap.
I liF^n MCALLISTER-FURNISHED SUNNY
I "'«)'' lar:e and small housekeeping rooms;
running water.
Mission (Street.
HANCOCK HOUSE, 781 MIBSIOW-. SELECT
family roomlng-housß; $1 60 to $3 per week.
mrr MISSION— SUNNY SINGLE ROOM;
I $5.
OAjnl MIS -lON — SUNNY FURNISHED
«-' ''l--{ room; gas; bath; 1 gentleman; price
reasonable.
lima Street.
AQI MINNA— NICELY FURNISHED FRONT'
a«) J rooms; $5 to $10 month; bath; housckpng.
Can MINNA. (OR. EIGHTH— NEWLY FUR-
I)u 1 nlsbed bay-window room; $1 per wee*.
Montgomery Street. -
9QQ MONTGOMERY AYE.— SINGLE AND
£OO sunny rooms; hay-window: suitable for l-
or two gentlemen; Kng.Uh family: rent reason
able.
- ; Ninth Street.
1 1 Q NINTH ST.— DOUBLE AND SINGLE
1 XO front rooms; central: sunny; lower flat.
1 Of\l NINTH -BUNNY ROOM, FURNISHED
, XGU2 or unfurnished, with grate. |
1 A 7 NINTH— LARGE SUNNY ROOM FOR 1
I'l I or 2, with light housekeeping.
Oak Street.
9.4/7 OAK— A SMALL, FRONT ROOM, NEAT-
£rx i ly furnished. $4.
i-olk street.
m, POLK — NICE -. SUNNY. FURNISHED
. front rooms; rent $6; aso other rooms. ; ;/ ; .
1 AA P» POLK— PARTLY FURNISHED BUN-
I'l'lw ny trout and back parlor. • ;
1 (M)*? POI ' - FURNISHED ROOMS TO LfcT!
i ost street.
9QQ POST, THE BOHEMIA— LARGE SUNNY
~*>f' newly furnished; travelers accommodated.
AIQ POST-SUNNY ROOMS WITH PRIVI-
rtXO lege of kitchen. ~
RANDOLPH HOUSH, 501 POST, COB. MASON
Xt —50 bar-window parlors; smaller rooms, gas,
running water, etc ; $1 60 to f 4 per week. :
(M CPO^T— SUNNY: SINGLE ROOMS; VERY
yJXO reasonable; also housekeeping rooms. ;,
f^99 POST— EL EG ANT LV FURNISHED
'-—■— rooms, bath, ho: and cold water, $8; sunny
suites.
Finn Street. *.
£O1 PINE-KOOMS $5 UP; SUNNY; RUN-
XJ^IV ning water quiet. • • . : •'••-■• v." .
[ BOOMS TO LET- Continued.
Sacramento ' Street.
i TirENDT'S HOTEL, 22 AND 24 SACRAMENTO
'» — Kefurnisbed, nice sunny rooms. 25 cents a
! day, $1 a week and up; house clean, quiet and re-
spectable; all modern conveniences, housekeeping
rooms. ; ■."■•,;
1 Q ( )Q BACRAMKNTO — 3 ROOMS; SEPA-
10^.0 rate entrance.
-•CO__ Street.
CO SECOND _ FUR. ROOM FOR LIGHT
k)~- housekeeping; also single and double; chrap.
cii.li street. .
1 AC SIXTH— NICELY FURNISHED SUNNY
1 I/O rooms, double or single, clean, quiet: SI up.
9A7A SIXTH — FRONT ROOMS; SUNNY
O\J I side; rent reasonable. v
is utter Street.
707 711, 829% BUT 1 ER-FURNISHED OR
I V I unfurnished; appreciated if seen; reason-
able.
1111 BUTTER — NICELy FURNISHED
1111 rooms, suite or single; also housekeeping.
j Xsyior Street.'
ALFORD, 107 TAYXOR. COR. TURK— ELE-
-i" gant sunny mites, single rooms: newly reno-
vated; modern improvements. MRS. V. I. MARS-
DEM.
9QQ TAYLOR, NKAR ELLIS— SUNNY
-OO front room, suitable lor one gentleman, $7,
Tenth Street.
m TENTH ST.. NX. MARKET— I OR!
f-unny rooms; housekeeping.
"i-irii Mr«»i.
IMPERIAL, 17 THIRD ST.— QUIET HOUSE:
X housekeeping rooms; also sing>e; tran»<ent.
Turk Street.
f )A TURK— NEWLY FURNISHED SUNNY
— .I rooms, fa, «6, $B, upward; transient.
1 "1 TU«K— LARGE SUNNY 8UITE8;
11U handsomely furnished: also single rooms.
Miscellaneous. '^
HILL, BET. VALENCIA AND GUERRERO—
Handsomely furnished sunny room; refined
private family, no other roomers; to 1 or . gentle-
men. E. H., box 10, Call Office.
BOARDING AND BOOMS.
BERKELEY— FIRST-CLASS BOARD IN PRI-
X> vate family, conveniently located to trains and
university; terms reasonable. .0.5 Virginia st.,
Berry man station.
■\TICE FURNISHKD SUNNY FRONT ROOM.
i-> German widow; with or without board. 612%
Leavenworth st.
■\TICELY FURNISHED SUNNY ROOMS,
-Li board : hot and cold water. 823 O'Farreli st.
4^l O EDDY— SUNNY FRONT ROOM, WITH
11- board; C4O for 2; use of parlor and piano.
C.AQ VAN NESS AVE.-BEAUTIFULBCNNY
CUO newly furnished alcove, dressing-room at-
tached, hot, cold water; also single; summer ratrs.
1 l\^H\ BUSH. COR. LEAVENWORTH —
IViQw Large front room, suitable for 2, f45
With board; single front room, $22, for 1.
■
WINDERMERK. 1401 VAN NESS— SUNNY
'11 par. or suites: single and double rooms: board.
WILLIAM TELL HOUSE, 317 BUSH— FIN-
est rooming-house downtown; rooms single
and en suite; Ralston restaurant on ground floor.
ROOM FuR 2 GENTLEMEN WITH BOARD;
German home cooking; $5 a week. 625 Valen-
cia st. JTW -•-:
HOTEL BERTLING, 714 BUSH— A FAMILY
hotel: references; all modern conveniences;
Ralston tables, if desired; new management.
CHILDREN BOARDED. '
RESPECTABLE WOMAN, HAVING HER
J X own home, would like to have lor 2 children
to board; mother's care; no other children In the
house. Address R. X., box 77, Call Office.
Vir ANTED— IN A RESPECTABLE PRIVATE
" family, '1 children to board and room; well
token care of. 173 Market su .
pHILD TO BOARD; LARGE YARD DOWN
V_ stairs; mother's care. .66 Thirteenth st.
ANTED -CHILDREN BOARDED; WAR-
'• ranted to be kept fat and hearty: inspection
gran.cd any time or day. For particulars inquire
130% Ninth si.
GK R MAN LADY WISHES A BABY TO
VJT boar J; good home. 4 3. r >i/_ Hayes st.
"IJEAUTIFUL BERKELEY HOME; CHTL-
dren boarded. M., box 11, Call Office, Oakland.
GKKMAK LADY WISHES 2 CHILDREN TO
VT board; motherly care: moderate. 1334 Turk st,
STORES TO UT.
STORE, FIXTURES; TWO BOOMS AND
cellar, 3562 Twenty- third su, near Guerrero,
TORE; TWO ROOMS; CONCRETE CELLAR.
Twenty-third and Guerrero sts.
mo LET— STORE NORTHEAST CORNER OF
X Hares st. and lan Ness ava; suitable for any
kind of business: will alter to suit tenant. B. P.
OLIVER, 114 Montgomery su
FINE CORNER STORK ON GEARY ST.,
near Taylor. Apply 516^ Geary st.
TORE TO LET. 107% FIFTH STREET.
WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
ANTED— LIGHT DELIVERY WAGON,
it with or without top; gentle horse and out fiu
1219 Pacific st. -
V T EW AND SECOND-HAND WAGONETTES,
Xi hacks, surreys,, buggies, carts and harness
cheap. Fifteenth and Valencia sts.
_________________________________________________
FOR BALK— BUTCHER-WAGON; PHAETON
in good order; mnst be sold. Inquire -69 Third.
1. BUSINESS TOP BUGGY, 2 BAKER WAG-
ons; gtod condition. . 1140 Folsom st.
■VTKW AND SECOND-HAND BAKER, LA UN-
J-i dry and milk wagon; also fine top buggy and
rockaway. 8.8 Harrison st. iWSBMi&H&BoA
1 »»»---«---»-p-----__-_-_-_-_»-_-_-_-_-_-_-__-__-_ — »__-_-_-_,
—
PROPOSALS.
THE CALIFORNIA DEBRIS COMMISSION.
X having received applications to mine by the
hydraulic process from Hoey & Lewis In the Par-
sons Gravel and Timber claim in Brownsville Min-
ing Dlstr.c. El Dorado County, to d posit tailings
In the Little South Fork of cosumnes River; from
Daniel McLaughlin, in the .uorristown Mine at
Morris! own, Sierra County, to deposit tailings in !
MorrUtown Ravine;* from Henry Northrop and
Robert C. .Nicholson, in the Etta Placer Miue, near
I Sierra City, Sierra County, to deposit tailing! In
North Fork of Yuba River; and from J. P. West, in
the Mountain View Mine, near Cuutolenc, Butte
County, to deposi: tailing* In Little Butte Cr»-ek,
gives notice that a meeting will be held at room
69, Flood building, San Francisco, Cal., on Jane
14, 1897, at 1 :30 p. if. ■
SAN FRANCISCO, ' CAL., MAY 28, 1897.—
Sealed prooosals, In triplicate, will be received
here until Monday, June 7, 1897, and then opened,
for furnishing, during fiscal year commencing
July 1, 1897, forage and straw for Alc_,traz
Island, Angel Island. Benicla Barracks," Fort Ma-
son, Presidio !of . -an Francisco, and San Fran-
Cisco, Cal. . Government reserves the right to ac-
cept bids for one-fourth the quantities required, as
well as the right jlO reject or accept any or all
bids,' or any part there 4.' -Preference given to ar-
t cles of domestic production, condition of price
and quality (including in the price of foreign pro-
ductions the duty thereon) being equal, and such
preference Riven to articles of American produc-
tion produced on the Pacific Coast to the extent of
the consumption required by public service there.
All Information furnished on application to un-
dersiened. Envelopes containing bids to be in-
dorsed "Proposals for iorage and Straw," and ad-
dressed to Jam. m. MOORF, Assistant Quarier-
master-General, U. S. Army, Chief Quartermaster.
STATE PRISON SUPPLIES— SEALED PRO-
posals will be received at the office of the
clei k at Stale Prison, San Queutln. until 10 a. m.
SaiURDAY. 12th day of June, 1897. and at the
office of the clerk at -state Prison, Folsom, nntil
9a. m. SATURDAY, 19th day of June, 1897, at
which time* xnd places they will be - opened In
pretence of bidders for furnishing and delivering
supplies tor said prisons, consisting of subsistence
ores, forage, fuel, clothing, medicines, lime,
cement and other s aple supplies, from July 1,
1897, 10 June 3d, 1898, Inclusive, on conditions as
per printed schedule, which will be fftrnlshed up-
on application at either of the above offices. -
- -No bid will be considered unless made upon said
schedule*, nor ■ unless accompanied .:■ by the certi-
fied check therein required, nor from , any other
parties than bona fide dealers In the classes or ar-
ticles to be furnished. ■ Each ~ bidder must accom-
pany his bid with a■■ certified check - upon • some
well-known and responsible banki.ig- louse for at
least 10 per cent of the nmnnt, payable to K. M.
i- n /<*(-. kali 1, president of the board, of his bid,
conditioned that the bidder will enter into a con-
tract upon : notice of ; accept- nee as required ' ny
law. .-■.,'.■.",.- • i ■■:-: i, -<.-:.- :•-'■: "''■:;•: - ■-•...■' -•■ „* :
Bids for either prison most > be marked separate-
ly. . All raymen ts : made on contracts will be paid
in ca-ih or couLiolter's warrants. ■■■■.*: *■■>.'■■- -'■■' •" :
Biddeis will careful y follow the conditions of
the schedules. - = I. :' •-■■■.■■'. ■'-.'■■ •
- ; . The board reserves the right to reject any or all
bids, as the public Interest may require, and to
order any quantity over or under amount specified.
X, M. i-iUiii.nAl.l), President.
J. V. Eixis, eric, , ; ;
pROI OSALS FOR ORDNANCE SUPPLIES—
X Be licia Arsenal. Benicla. Cal, May 12, 1897.
Sealed proposals, in triplicate, will be received un-
til 1 o'clock p m.. June 12. 1897, tor iurnlsbin<
Leather, Coal. Iron, ' Hardware, Lumber, Korage,
etc. during fiscal year ending I June 80. 1898 - in-
formation - lurnKued on application to Li -ntenanv*
Colonel L. a BABBITT; OnL Dopt. COmdg. . j
■■■'". :' v EDUCATIONAL- -
* NDERSON'S ACA-EMY AND SCHOOL OF
_t— Mathematics: •- pupils s prepared tln day and
evening clause* and • by private lessons for Callor-
nla and Stanford universities; teachers,' marine
engineers' and civil service examinations; special,
cv g classes; mathematics, mechanical drawing;
high school pupils coached. X., 402 Parrot: bldg. ■
H BALD'S : BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 POST—
1 Bookkeeping, . business practice, : shorthand,
typing, telegraphy. i languages, English branches,
electrical engineering: 20 teachers; 15,000 _r_ua-
»tea: day and evening sessions; catalogue. ;
AYRES' BUSINESB COLLEGE. 325 MONT-
gomery su; individual instruction in short-
hand, typing, bookkeeping, telegraphy, etc. ; lite
scholarship $50: low rates per week and month,
Telephone black 2795.
BELASCO'S LYCEUM SCHOOL OF ACTING—
J-» Private theatricals arranged pupils rehearsed
on stage. R. 6 and 12, 1.0.0. F. block, 7th and Mkt.
T?NGTNKERINO SCHOOL; MECH.. ELEC
JL-<cl\ll. mining, survey, assay, archit.. X ray
taught; e5.1884. A.VaNDKRNA ILLKN.9S3 MM
piANO taught in six months; new,
«1?', c . k method; $2 60 per month. H. 8., box
75, Call Office.
BANJO TAUGHT TO BEGINNERS, 26 CENTS
JL» per lesson. Address M. H., box 76, Call Office.
VIOLIN LESSONS; TERMS REASONABLE.
f Address M. L., box 15, Call Office.
SINGING, VOICK CULTURE, PARIS GRAD-.
O vate; French, Ger. lang.; f. mo. 109 Taylor. 7
T)OOKKPNO. WKITNO. AKITH.MTC. GRAMR,
day Anight: nodatse»; $5 mon:n. 845 Mission.
GUITAK, MA.N_UU.V, I'iA.V.i ANli Vu__-
lessons. »3 mo. Mary Westhaus. 89 Fifth.
fil Z% LARKIN— BRANCH OFFICE OF THE
v> - L *- y CALL, Subscriptions and want ads taken.
OFFICES TO LET.
OFFICES-EMMA SPRECK_LB BUILDING,
91? Market sU; light and cheap. .
PROFESSIONAL CARDS.
I OHN E. RICHARD^ LA OFFIUKS. .ROOM 3
O 86 and 27, Crocker _____*; *l»i>fiOM .taut
IS. Han Francisco. Cal.
l-ATKsI BHlFfiau INTBLLAtiii.NCIfi.
Arrived.
SATURDAY, May 29.
Stmr Columbia, Conway. 48 hours from Port
land, via Astoria 3»Vi hours: pass and mdse. too
RAN Co.
Stmr Protection, Ellefsen, 43 hours from Hu
eneme; 10.068 sks lima beans, to Jl butard. Port
Costa direct.
Stmr South Coast. Zaddart, 38 hours from
Eureka; 3 0 M ft lumber, to J R Hanlfy.
Bchr fiettie ix>w. Low. 5 hours from Pol a:
Reyes: 40 dxs butter, to J H Newbauer * Co; 60
cs cream, to Castle Eros-
Uomestlc Ports.
FORT BRAGG— Arrived May 29-Stmr Rival,
hence May 28.
Sailed May 29— Stmr Noyo, for San Francisco.
Importatirtm.
PORTLAND and ABTORIA— Per Cotnmbla-25
rolls rag paper, 2 9 cs tobacco, 138 sks oysters,
a SO cs salmon, 67s .-ks guano, L'sl7 aks potatoes,
17 sks plums, 108 sks apricots, 1118 bdls nides,
138 sks wool, »065 sks bran, 2240 qr-sks 800 gun
nies 4099 sks flour.
Imnnrtatinm.
Per Columbia— Allen A Lewis: M B Moraghan;
Darbee A Immel; Morgan Oyster Co;Cuttlng Fruit
Packing Co: American Tobacco Co: C X Ulbbs; a
S smith; Willamette Pulp <fc PaperCo; Fogarty A
Paricer; Otis, McAllister <fc Co; BUslnger <kCo: C
Carisen; Moore, Ferguson A Co: M P uetels; Har
!•';«* Im ; ME A Wagner; J H Cain <fc Co;
Wellman. Peck a lv; McDonough A Runyon ; F A
Jones; Erlanger <ft Galluger: 1 liomaa Loughran;
H Dutard: Dai ion Hro-t; E R Stevens <k Co: Wolf
A Sons: L Scatena A Co.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATUi
BOBS.
BOLLIER-In this city, May 25, 1897, to the wife
of Charles Bolller, a son.
BREEN— In this city, nt the Potrero, May 23,
1897, to the wife of Harry It. Breen, a s»n.
DIKOVICH— May 25,1897, to the wife of Nicholas
Dleovich, a daughter.
FOUU— May 29, 1897. to the wife of L. F. Fogg,
a daughter.
HASKKLL-In this city. May 25. 1897, to the
wife of Ebon Haskell. a daughter.
MURRY— In this city, May 16. 1897, to the wife
of Eugene F. Murry, a son.
KIXON— In Oakland. May 26, 1897, to the wife of
J. A. Rizon. a son.
SANDERS— In this city, May 28, 1897, to the
wife of I). H. Sanders, a daughter.
BISK KON— May 2a 1897, to the wife of Charles
A. SNkrou. a daughter.
SMITH— May 2, 1897, to the wife of Edward J.
Smith, a dnughter.
DIKI>.
Arata, Giovanni Murphy, Martin J.
Bain, John Newell, Dr. William A.
Blsset, Andrew O'Brien, Margaret
Burns, Johanna H. Pnrsons James M.
Dlngberg. Roslna Pation, Dr. William R.
Fltzpatrick, Patrick Richards. Thomas
Uresch', John Shaughnesy, Wuliam
McLaughlin, Thomas Skotnicki. Ottilie
Macdonald, Marguerite Smitbea, Fielden
Meagher, James Tiedemann. Cornelius
Merry, John Voclna, Mary E.
Warner. Nellie
ARATA— In this city. May 26, 1897, Giovanni,
beloved husband of Asscnta Arata, and father
of George, David, Lied a. Annie, Linsa, Paolina
and Josephine Arata, a native of Orero, Italy,
aged 45 years 11 months and 14 days.
49"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Sunday), at 3 o'clock P. v.. from bis late resi-
dence, Masonic avenue, south of Geary street.
N. B.— At 8:30 o'clock a. it. at Sts Pletro c
Paolo Church, corner Dupont an I Filbert streets,
a hi?h n quiem mass will be celebrated for the
repose of bis soul. Interment Italian Cemetery.
BAIN— In this city, May l'B. 1597, John Bain,
father of Mrs. Marlon Cummin?, and grand-
father of K. Lewis and William M. Murray a:id
David. Ueorge M.. Joseph M.. Jeanle. Marion
aud Blanche dimming, a native of Renfrew.
Scotland, aged 88 /ear* and 8 months.
40* Funeral services TO-MORROW (Monday),
at !i o'ciock p. m.. at Scottish Hall, 109 Larkin
street. Interment Masonic Cemetery.
BISSKT— In this ci'y, May 28. 1897. Andrew, be-
lovel father of Robert and Jane Bisset and Mrs.
C. s. Hammond, a native of Dundee, Scotland,
aged 87 years 3 months and 24 days.
49* The funeral will take place THIS DAY
(Sunday), at 2:30 o'clock p. m., from his into
residence. 3649 Kigbleenth Hireec. interment
Laurel Hill Cemetery.
BURNS— In this city. May 27 1837. Johanna H.,
oeloved wif* of John H.Burns, mother o? h.d-
win. Edna T-resa. John H. and th- late Arthur
and r.11.i Burns, aud sister o. Maggie bulhv v,
a native of sberkln Island. County Cork. Ire-
lauu. aged 36 years aud 2 months.
49*Frlends and acquaintance aro respect-
folly Invited to attend -.he funeral THIS DAY
(Sunday), at 1 :30 o'clock p. if., from her lace
residence, 37 Stanford street, between Brunnan
and Townsend, second and Third, thence 10 st
Rose's church for services. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery.
DING BERG— In this city. May 29 1897. Roslna,
dearly beloved daughter of Catherine and the
late Jonn Dingberg, and beloved sister of Mollie
and John Din<oerg. a native of San Francisco.
a ;<> I 23 years and 1 month.
49*Fr1ends and acquaintances are resnns'-
fuliy invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Monday), at 8:30 o'clock a. m., from her late
residence, 604 Ninth street, tnenco to Pt. Jo-
seph's Church. Tenth street, where a solemn
requiem mass will be celebrated for the repose of
her soul, commencing at 9 o'clock a. k. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery.
FITZPATRICK— In this city. May 27. 1897. Pat-
rick, beloved husband of Elizabeth Fltzpatrick,
and father of Frank and Annie McLaughlin, a
native of County Cavan, Ireland, aged 66
years.
49*Frlends and acquaintances ar» respect*
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Sunday), at 9:30 o'clock a. m., from the resi-
dence, 268 Va Natoma (Kverett) street thence,
to St. Patrick's ' hurch, Mission street, tor
services, commenclug at 10 o'clock a. ic Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery.
BEESCH— In this city, May 27, 1897, John
Heesch, anfttivaof Germany, aged 64 years 1
month and 13 days.
49~Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock p. it. from the par-
lors of J. L. Godeau, 305 Montgomery avenue.
Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
MoLAUOHLIN-In this olty. May 28. 1897. at
tbe Potrero, Thomas, husband of the late Mary
McLaughlin, a native of ire. .in I. aged 37 years.
[Philadelphia papers please copy.]
49*Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
i Sunday), at 12 o'clock m.. trom the par-
lors of J. C. O'Connor A Co., 767 Mission street,
thence to St. Teresa's Church, Nineteenth and
Tenuessee streets, for services. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
MACDONALD— In this city. May 29. 1897, Mar-
guerite Branks. youngeu daughter of A. D. and
Agn»s Macdonald, a native or Sau Francisco,
aged 16 rears.
MEAUHEK— In this city, May 29. 1897. Jamet,
beloved husband of Bridget Measlier, and father
of James. Joseph, Ks her. Mary, Hannah and
Daniel Meagberand Mrs. John Halleran, a na-
tive of County i.lmenck. Ireland. a«ed 68 years.
49* Notice of funeral hereafter.
MERRY-In this city. May 28, 1897, John Merry,
father of Thomas I.. Llllie. John. Florence. Ku-
gene aud Grace Merry aud Mrs. Nettie Demmh.
a native of -New York, aged 72 years and 4
months.
49* Friends and acnualntanoei are respest-
fnlly invited to attend the funeral THIS D.\Y
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock P. v., from his late resi-
dence, 1311 Baker street. I'leaae omit flowers.
MURPHY— In this city. May 29 18J7. Martin J..
dettrly beloved husband of Bridget Slurphy. and
father of Mary, Thomas and Martin Murphy
and Mrs. W. H. Creber, a native or County Kos-
common, Lraland. aged 69 years and 17 days-
49* Friends and acqualntano?s are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Monday), at 9 o'clock a. m. , from his late resi-
dence, ttil Va'.iejo street, theuce to St. Francis
Church, where a s lemii requiem mass will oe
celebrated for the repose of his -soul, commencing
at 9:0 o'clock a. h. Interment. Holy Cross
Cemetery.
NEWELL— In this city, May 27. 1897. Dr. Wli-
Mam A. Newell, fattier of Richard, Harry, Percy
and the late Dr. L. W. Newell, and grandfather
of Mizpah Newell, a native of Ireland, aged 65
" years." ■ . „. ■> j . • ■ '-.:.'■'■
Friends and aeaualnt.ancea lire respect-
fully invited to attend the fua -ra: THIS UA -C
(Sunday), at -• o'clock p. m.. from his late resi-
aeuce, 81 % Howard street, latermdu. J. O.
O. F. Cemetery. ■
O'BKIKN— In thlscltr. May 29 1897, Manrara .
beloved wife of Dennis O'Brien, mother of David,
William and Philip O'Brien, *nd sister of Mrs.
Henry Ebert of Gilroy, cal.. a native or County
Kerry, Ireland. ii.cd 60 years.
. <^"Frlends »nd aoaualmance* r are respect-
Tnllv invited to atten.t the funeral TO-MORROW
(Monday), at 9:30 o'clock a. m.. from her late
reiiaence, 1332 .Natoma stree:. thjnce to the
Church of St. Charles Borromeo. Eighteenth
and ehotwell streets, where a requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of
ncr soul, commencing at 10 o'clock a. m. In-
terment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
PAKSONs-iu tht.i city. May 28. 1897. James M.
Parsons, a native of New Hampshire, aged 80
yean 9 months a id 21 days.
PATTON— In this city, May". 29, 1897, Dr. William
R. Patton, a native of Vlrglna, aged *J6 years.
i? HA ? In this city. May 29 1897. Thomas,
beloved nushaad of Margaret Richards, and
1? i, i : £**" . John (I '^onuell and Thomas,
■ : Daniel 8.. Hattie, Evan, Edna, Edwin. Jennie
and Alice Richards, a native of Sera mo n. Pa..
ags I 5-i years. :■■■■,
JOThe funeral will take place TO-MOKROW
(Monday), at _1 o'clock p. m., from bis late
residence, 2017 Va Kills street. Interment Cy-
press Lawn Cemetery. ■
SHAUGHNEBY-In this city. May 29 1897
William, beloved husband of Bridget *haueh-
nesv. and father of the late John E. snaughnesy
a native of County Gal way, Ireland, aged 72
years.
*3~ Notice of funeral hereafter
BKOTNICKI-In this city. May 29. 1897, Ottllle,
Delovca aaut;hier of Otto aad Sophie SKotnickL
a nan ye of San Francisco, aged 4 years 5 months
and 12 days.
SMITHKA-In this city. May 1897. Flelden.
beloved hnsband of Catherine Smlthea, and
father of Mrs. Ada Hughes, aged 70 years.
MS" Friends of the family are respect-
fully Invilud to attend the 'uneral To-MORito W
(Monday), at 2 o'clock p. m.. from the par-
lors of Carew ft Kncllsh, 19 Van Ness avenue.
Interment private.
TIKDEMANN— In tins city. May 27, 1897, Cor-
. nelius Martin Tiedemann, dearly beloved son of
' Mrs. Mary Pool? and the late Peter Tiedemann.
and beloved brother of Joseph Tiedemann,
Waldo Poole and Mrs. William O'Kane, a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 27 years 10 months
and 16 days.
OPFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Sunday), at 7 :30 o'clock a. m., from the resi-
dence of his mother, 1645 Mission street, thence
to Si. Joseph* church, where a requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of his
soul, commencing at' 8 o'clock a. m. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
VEZINA-In this city, May 27. 1897. Mary Eliza-
beta, beloved wife of LouU N. Vezlna, mother of
Alfred L. Vezlna, daughter of Mrs. C. Harring-
ton, and sister of John. James and Matthew
Harrington, a native of California, ai;»d 32 year*
and 10 days. [Grass Valley (Cal.) papers
please cony.j
A3"Frlenas and acquaintance* are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Sunday), at 9:30 o'clock a. m., from her late
residence. 1410 Alabama street, near Twenty-
sixth, thence to St. Peter's Church forservicjs,
commencing at 10 o'clock a. m. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
WARNER— In this city, May 26, 1897, Nellie
beloved wife of Nils Warner, a native of Nor-
way, aged 30 years.
Y. M. I.— A solemn requiem high mass will be
celebrated at the Church of wt. Charles Korrc-
meo. corner Eighteenth and Shotwell streets,
TO-MORROW (Monday) at 9 o'clock a. m.. for
the repose of the souls of the deceased members
of Mission Council No. 3, Youn^ Men's Insti-
tute. Members and friends of the Institute' are
respectfully Invited to attend.
. A. ANDLER, President.
John '•'. Richards Jr., Cor. Secretary.
McAVOY & CALLACHER, I
FUNKRAL DIRKcTORS 4 EMBALMEES,
20 Fifth St., Opp. Lincoln School.
Telephone South 80.
J AS. ENGLISH. T. B. CARBW
CAREW & ENGLISH.
Undertakers AND EMBALMKK*
FUNERAL dikkctous,
IP Van Ness aye., near Ainrtie. au, o«u *>»„<•!««
Telephone ac, 156. •neisea
F. L. GCNTZ. ■' H. W. GANTNEB.
GANTNER & GUNTZ,
Funeral Directors and Embalmers.
8 and 1O CITY HALL, Mjl.VUt.
Telephone South 432. '
NOTICE,- THE BWOMKH OF McAVOt
& GAL, LA I, H< It mil be conducted a- the
old stand. No. 20 Fifth street, for the benefit
of the widow of the lute UKNRY J. GALI
HEH and hit sister, MISS ANNIE a. G a*
HER. JitK.s. H. J. GA,.LAGHEK. '
ANNIE B. OALLAGHKR.
LAUREL HILL
CEMETERJ ASSOCIATION
IS PREPARED TO CONTINUE THE ALB
X of burial plats and graves In Its cemetery and
give deeds. .
Perpetual care of lots will be arranged for at th«
Superintendent's office at the cemetery, cornel
Bush street Central »venn<». ■■an Franrlsca.- ■
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
PAL\CE HOTEL.
s Rosenstien, Chicago R Graham, Sacramento
W.A Kyan, Los Ang F O Cormack, st Louis
X Okazakl, Tokio M Elchengreece, Chcaeo
Pierre Allaire, Palo Alto Kdgar Wallace. Yre*aC
W J Hickworth, Hartfrd F H Hills. Hanford.tonn
C > DrummonJ, London Mrs G T Sheldon, Boston
AW Gillman, Denver Mrs X 1* Buckingham,
Jos Jacobson, NY- Vacaville
Mrs 3 H Westfall. NY .IT Tobin, Burlingame
Miss Cole man, Burlln- Mrs .1 J Tobin, Burltn
game game
LKuhl, NT O X Goodman Jr, Xapa
T H Jackson, Los Ang Ambrose Bierce, L Ang
H H Livingston, NY "B W Wells Jr. USX
S R Hulburt, CSS TO Pierce, West Chester
Miss M F Dunlao «£ md, L Herman. Paris
Philadelphia S H Westfall, N T
RAYMOND 4 WHITCOMB EXCtTBSIONISTS.
BH dickson . X C Dennis
Mrs T M Schraclr. • Mrs B H Dickson
Mrs EC Dennis Miss A F Schracic
Miss Annie Thayer Herbert Harris
A X Vims Miss Barbara Vil- %
Master B Vllas Mrs G H Dimond
Dr J H Grove Jonas Wisier
a P Robins . ton OC Ely-
Mrs A P Robinson Mrs Jones Wls'er
Mrs Dr J H Grove Miss A A fSmitu
J A Lumper * Mrs Jane B I'.ttinan
W O Griffith * V VV Lew
Fritz Cllcke (i Ranch
Mrs J a Ump?r Mm "tep-cn Wr.cd
B H JMckson Jr . Mrs J M Turner
C A Cook 11 rs A X Vila*
GRAND HOTEL.
B F I onghborouph, NY F A Voornies, Suiter Crk
B X Holiy, Va:lejo R B -tephens, Los Angel
W T Gavin, Chicago I) Hea y it w. tac
X »»eaweii, Santa Rosa Dr W F George. Ant loch
C X ONe le, Oakland A V Hartley, Antlooh -
Dr Sobb, nevllle AM M ixem, & n, Los An
W Cameron, Milpitu« BH Bemon. W.llows
F V Jones, Boston T Harrltietun, Colusa
Miss B Coalman, a Jose A Hampel, Sac
W E Cogswe 1. snc F H <-ri-e:ey, Marvsville
F M I.epp. Marysvllle G J)itz Jr, Stocaon
W L Steward, Marysville D Crane, Stockton ■
E S Holloway, I Oinsa \V \V Khodeg, Sacra rnnto
X P Kasall, Indiana «.: H Schrlvt-ley. Oroville
AG Wilson, Callsioaa T Scott, Sncrnmeiito -\
F X Johns m&wf, Salem J T Gran. Santa Kosa '
J H Durst. Wheatland C C Perkins, Rodeo
J B Carroll, an Joij 'A J Stein, Chicago
MrsTLacy.Sci-antou, Pa N odwin, Oal '■
MhH Hendricks.Scrntn J G Miller & w, San Jose
0 W Kline, Tacoma H Llan, San Jose
ALLevinsKy, Stockton
RUBS HOUSE.' ,-."*, J .
C P Podgett, Sta Barbara C A C«ok, Watson vllle
J Robertson, Valley Ford W C Weeks, Valley Ford
J Hailnssen. Sonoma . EN Underwood, Vnlleio
C B Derby, Nevada J G McCtilloJes, Lai . ,
W 8 Johnston, Petaluma '; loss, >anta itosa .
E AY Chailam, Alvarado J Totaud. st Helena
J T l.eJdev, Spokane M Casey. Spokane
Mrs EMo ley, St Helena Miss Morlev, St Helena
J Hlerrniller, Cal \v H Henderson, facto
JT Bell, lowa X F Whltefl-ld, Cal
W E octor, Cal C Ar.l itto, JacKSOn
l: McFadden, Sta Rosa McO-uigaD, Vaileio
G F Parker, Colnsa IX Siapp, Stockton
R A Diver, Oakland V Boisnen. Ottawa
A H Dunlap, Mo W J Allen * wf, N V
1 H McClellaud, Cal c B Derov Nevada
J J Williams, Stockton Miss R Willis, Boston
Miss M O scott. Boston Mrs J B s c ott, Boson
M O Williams. Lo* Aug 1 Bird & !m, .- erceJ
H s Potter, Chicago Jj) Payne, S. lma
R C Sargent, Stockton b fc> P.it'ri<iui Porkfleld -
A Berry. Ky A E !- evens, La
BALDWIN HOTEL.
W M Cross, Chicago E J Caldwell. Los Anfls
B P Barker. Livermore Hli >cudder NY ■:■••;
J H Haw Kins, Or G * Stewart, Boston
L Grothwel', Stockton W H Clark, st Pan:
W D Oavis. Pino c M J Kills, San Quentin
,W*L Lenzen, ban Jose C Z Young <t w, M V
J Hiish & w, N Y. . ; W C Whipps, Mont
E Buckley, Stockton Miss Watts, Bntte
B Hall, Jos A ngeles Miss J O'Keef , Stockton
F Morris, Fresno Capt Hinds, Chicago
B i.ogers, Beau c . j Burnes, Portland
C l*»ter, st Ljuls H Koseler & w, N V
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
Francis O'Donnell, Cal Miss Mamie Kenney, Val
Michael Connoll, Sac -D M Kichards. .-tockton
J Farnsworth, Fresno ■ John Downey, Fresno '
Peter Hanson, Fresno J BJoyes. Marysville ~
Rcbert I otißford, N V . M r.luMcKini.on. Shasta
X M Goss, Seattle G Fireraskin. Sea tie
William Conner, Mexico Henry Nicholas, Mexico
H Boiias A wf. Mexico n i- Culberton, ■ al
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY
(Via Sausallto Ferry).
Leave San Francisco Commencing May
2, 1897:
WEEK DAYS— A. m. : 1:45, 5:15 F. K. .
SUNDAYS— 9:ou, 10:00, 11 a. m.; 1:46,
2:30 p. M. . - - --.',
.'lickeufor sale at, MILL VALLKY or THOS.
COOK A ■ bON, 621 .Market St.. > San - Francisco
(unaer Palace ilotcLj Telißho Main ftuSX
RAILROAD TRAVEL.'
~ '- : ' ~^ '■ ~ ~~~"
•OVTHKBN PACIFIC I<>MI'4VT,
(PACIFIO systicm.)
Train* leu*.- itml me iln« lo nrrlve at <
KA9I llll\»lv((».
. (Main Line, Foot of Market Street) p
have '— ' From May 30. 1897. — AnnrV \
•6:OOa Niles, San Jose and Way Stations ...
7:«Oa Atl;n.ii. Express, Ogdeu and Lui-t.. 8:45r
7<OOa Benicia. Sacrtmcuto, Oroville and '
Redding Tia Davis 5:45p
7:00 a Vacaville and Ruir sey S: !.">
7s3Oa Martinez, Elan it 111011, V'allejo. Napa,
Caliatoga and Santa Itosa «: 1 .">p
SiSOa Niles. Han .lose, Stockton, lone, .-■:
Sacramento, Miiiysvlllv, CLico,
: . Tchama and Ke<l Dlulf * 4tlSr
•»:3Oa Peters and Mi1t0n.................. »7:15*
9:OOa New Orleans lixpiers.Merced, I'reßiio,
•Bakerslield, Santa ltitrl>urit, l.os
Angules, Dcming, £1 l'aso, New
. Orleans and East 6:1.1p
»:00a Valltjo 12:15p
; Niles, San Jose, Livennore and
Stockton... /. '....: 7:15p
•I:OOp Sacramento Ki»er Bteanicn *U:Ooi> '
l:OOp Niles, San Jose and Uvermcre..... 8:45 a
Martiuez and Way 5tati0n5......... 7U3p
4:00 - Martinez, San lUnion. Valli-jo,
' ■; ■■■.•«-,■■■ Napa, Calistogn, El Verano and
Santa Uosa s»;I.1a
4iOOp Benicia, Vscaville, Woodland,
Knights Landing, Maryaville, dm-
• Tille and Sacramento 9:43 a
tiSOr Lathrop, Stockton, Modesto, Mer-
: ced, Raymond (for Yosen:ite).aud . .
' Fresno, going via Niles, returning
via Martini z.....: 12:15*
S:OOrLos Angeles Exprcnn. Tracy,
Fresno, Moj»ve (tor Randsburg),
Santa Barbara and ].os Anueli-s. 7:4»a
StOOp Santa. I'd lioiile, Atlantic Express
for Mojave and East 7: 15 a
6:O«p European' Mail, Ogilen and Kast.... »:4."»a
6:OOp Haywards, NiUsand .San .lose 7:45*.
J8:00pVa11ej0......... •• 1~:45p
B<oor Oregon Sacramento, Murys-
ville, Keddini,', Portland. I'nget
' Sound ami Kant *:43\
SAX LKA.M.Kt) AM» H.\Y«AKI».S LOCAL.
. (Foot of Market Street.) . ■
<*6:00 a 1 : ~~- ( 7:1 5 a
8:00 a Melrose, Seminary Park, '? : 1"' A
9*ooa 1O:I5\.
10.00* Fitclibnrjr, Elrahurst, 11:43 a
iii:o(>A San Leandro, South San I ? |s p
112:00 m . , J. . „,, tl:4sp
2:00p Leandro, Etttntlillo, {2:43p
♦aioopi- Lorenro, Cherry ■< *•*&?
4:OOr <5:45p
s:o<)p • and 6:13p
»:30p Hoards. ' : ! 3 «*
7:«0p ' A:43p
g ! «2 P < Kuns tlirough to Niles. . - .«;5o p
9:00p t From Niles 10:50'
ttll:15 P IJrom - "^- t tl2:(|<
SANTA (Ultra DIVISION (Narrow «nui;<«j. > I
(Foot of Mnrkot Street.) V'
7:45 a Santa Cruz Excursion, Santa Cruz
and Principal Way Stations J8:03
■ «13a Ne\vark,(>nterviHi\NM!i.l<>p<\Fi-ltoii,
Bonlder Greek, Haul a Cruz and Way
Stations.... StSOr
•»:l!Sp Newark. CentcrTillc, San Jose, New
1 Alniadun, I'Vltnn, lionlder Creek,
Santa Cruz ' and I'rincii Way
Stations "I 1:20 a
4:15 p Flan Jose and Glenword K:s©\
_^4:15p Fulton and Santa Cmiz ' §M:sOa
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
From SAN FRiNCISCO— foot of Market Street (Slip —
•7:16 9:00 11:00 a. M. 1.1:00 *2:00 t3:00
• •4:00 . . $5:00 "•6:00p.m.
FrimOAniSß— FootofßroidWaj.— *6:oo 8:00 10:00 A.M.
112:00 *l:00 t2:00 *3:00 H:00 *5:00 p.m.
COAST DIVISION ('l)ilnl A Tinriisenil St.s.) ]
•7:OOa Bau Jose and Way Station* (New
Almaden Wednesdays only) l:30p
)7:30a Sunday Excursion for San . Jose.
Santa Cruz, Pacific Grove, and -
Principal Way Stations JS:35p
9«O©A Han Jose, Trcs Vinos, Santa Cruz,
Pacific Grove, l'aso Koblcs, San
Luis Oliispo, Guadalupe, Surf and
Principal Way Stations 4:15p
' lO:4O.vSau .lose ami Way Stations 7:30p
I1:3Oa Palo Alto and Way Stations 5:00p
•8:30 p San Mateo, Kedwood, Mcnlo Park,
San Jose, Gilroy, TresPinos, Santa
Cruz, Salinas, Monterey and I'acilic
Grove Mo:4oa
•8«:iOp San Jose and Way Stations 9:43 A
•4:30 - San Jose and Way 5tati0n5......... *»:Osa
s:a«i- San.Tcse and Principal Way Stations *8:-13 a
6::iOr Sau Jose and Way Stations 6:35 a.
t11:45r San Jeae and Way Stations .'....'
A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
• Sundays excepteci. J Sundays only, i Saturdays only
- tt Monday, Thursday and Saturday nights only.
Saturdays and .Sundays. § Sundays and Mondays.
FRASCISCO & KORTD PA-
CIFIC RAILWAY CO.
Tiburon Ferry— Foot of Market St. .
■ San Francisco to San Rafael. '
WEEK DAYS— 7:3O, 9:00, 11:00 A. X.: 13:-»1
8:30, 6:10, 6:30 P. M. Thursdays-Extra trla
at 11:30 p. it. Saturdays— Extra trips as I :SJ
and 11:30 p.m. ,^
BtJNDAYS— b:00, 9:30, 11:00 a.m.; 1:30, 3:3*"
6:00, 6:20 p. it
San Kafael to «!)*n Francisco.
WEEK DAYS— 6:IS, 7:50, 9:20, 11:10 a. If •
12:45, 3:40, 5:10 P. M. Saturdays— Extra trio'i
at 1:55 P. H. and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:iu, 9:40, 11:10 a. if.; 1:40, 3:1%
6:00, 6:25 p. si. ,
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Paris same
schedule as above.
i ** TB i Tneffprf Arrive
Ban Francisco. April 28. Ban Francl 'CO.
Days. , days, destination. BA YS. | D A VS.
7:30 am 8:00 am Novjito, 10:40 am 8:40 Ait
3:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma, 6:10 pm ! 10:25 AH
6:10 pm 5:00 pm 1 Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm 6:22 Pit
' Fulton, 1 ~ '
7:30 am Windsor, 10:2 a AM
Healdsbur;,
i.yttOD,
Geyserville,
3:30 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:"5 PM 6:22 px
7 :30 am I I Hqpland >£ I |10:25 am
3:30 pm| 8:00 Am| Uklah. [ 7:35 pm| 6:22
7:30 am ; 10:25 AM?
8:00 am Guernevllle. 7:35 pm
8:30 Pll| j 6:22 p<
7:30 am 8:00 am I Sonoma 10:40 am 8:40 a tt
and
6:10 6:00 pm Glen Ellen. 6:10 pm 6:22 pv
7:30 am 8:00 am BebMtODO , 10:40 am 1 10:2 .AM
8:30pm!5:00pm BeDliatopol - I 6:10 6:22
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs; at Geyservllle for Slcagss Springs: at
Cloverdale for the Geysers; at J'Oiland for High,
land Springs, Kelseyville. Soda Bay. Ljilceport
andßartlett a*, Ukiah for Vichy Sprinjru,
Saratoga Springs, Bluj Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake,
Upper Lake, Porno, Potter Valley. Jonu Day's,
Riverside, Llerley's, Bucknell's, Sanhodrln
Heights, Hullville, Boonevllle Orr"s Hot Springs.
Mendoclno City. Fort Bragg, Westport, Usal. •
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at reduce!
ratrs.
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all point* bo-
yond Han Rafael at half rates. - : .
Ticket Offices, 650 Market St., Chronicle nuricUns,
A. W. FOSTER, • R. X. RYAJT,
frea. and Gen. Manner. Gen. Pass. Agent. _
1^ ATLANTIC AND
||||||I|3* RAILROAD.
W^fcr^^^S[^g Train! leave from and
v(|»"2^«S3 !^i-W arrive at Market-st,.
V^y^Qy SANTA IK EXPRESS.
To (hicago via A. and P. direct line.
Leaves every d»y at 5 p. m.. carrying Pullman
Paisc ■ Drawing-room, also colern upholstered
Tourist Bleeping « ar3, which run dally through v
from Cakland 10 Chicago, v.a Kansas City. An- '
nex * ars for Denver and > t Louis
Boston Excursions vla'Kan*as City, Chicago,
Montreal and t he White Mountains leave every
Tuesday.
The best railway from California to the East,
New mi s. new lies, no Mist, interestlD? scenery,
and to 4 meals in Hnryey's dining-rooms. . ' .
San I-'r«nci9co Ticket Offlc»— »>44 Mar.
lent street. Chronicle Building, Tele*
phone M -in 1531 ■
Oak hiul II is Broadway.
KORTD PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD
. (Via Saasalito Ferry). . ; ; -•'
from Ban Francisco, Conimt-ncinti .May 2, 1897. .
. -. weekdays.
For Mill Valley and ban Rafael— 7:oo, •8:15,
•9:45, • ll:»0 a. m.:- »1:45, 3:0, i:00. 5:15. .
•6:00. tf:3l) P. m.
Kiira trips for San Rafael on Mondays,' Wednes-
days and Saturdays at 11 :30 p. m.
SUNDAYS. ' .
For Mill Valley and San Rafael-»8 :00, »9:00
•10:00. 11:00. 11:30 a. m.: 1:00, •1:45, •2:3^.
•4:00,5:30,6:46.11:00 p.m.
11:00 a M. does not run to San Kafael; 6:30 and
1 :00 p. m do not run 10 Mill Va lay.
Trains marked • run to San Quentln.
. ; ROUGH TRAINS. * . '
T:00 a. M. weekaays for Cnzad»ro and way sta-
tions; 1:45 p. m. Saturday * for Cazadero «nd
way stations: 8:00 a. m. -undav« for Cazadero
and "ay siaiiOru: 9:01) a. m. .umluys lor P0.71%
Kej-es and way st..t otn
THE 811 FRASCISCO m SIS JOAQUII
nun RAILWAY COfIPAiY.
FROM aimil IS, 1897, passenger trains win
run dally: "*
ttonthbouiid. . btattons. >or;hbOuud,
7:UO a. m. Stockton .....6-io p x, ■
9:49 a.m.. ..........Mercd. ...... ...,5;u p'Jr
11:10 a M.r....: Fre5n0.:..:...... 1:10? £
■ ••■■- tor intermediate staiions see lime-tauiiL
* co:int.t,, S -At stoc -ion wnn ■ >teaii,,,mL. ■
C. K. *I. Co leavln? S.n r.ncisco *nd eToStol'
M 6 p.m. daily: a: Merced with frmw??
Ings, . I ou.ierville, Yosemlte, .\! art'^a ?tf ?^JS
tanKertliiin wi b iv(« to and Irom Jiad'-rl ; ■•VETERANS' WISHES
TO BE REGARDED
No Picnics Arranged to
Take Place on Me
morial Day.
Major Edward Field Will Pre
sent the 0. dnancs for the
Government.
Final Orders Issued for tho G.and
Parade and Ceremonies Next
Monday.
Oakland Office Sax Francisco Call,)
, 908 Broadway, May 29. (
The purpose for which Memorial day j
was set aside will be more thoroughly ob
served on Monday in this City than
lias been the case for years. The
protest made by citizens of all classes
against setting Memorial day apart as a ,
season for picnics rather than for its
l roper obsejvatice has had a good effect,
and no entertainments other than those
in keeping with the Uay will take place on I
Monday.
The programme of events at the ceme
<■■ ry was completed to-day, and is as fol
lows:
Minute platoon Battery C, Third Regi
ment U. 8. Aniiierv, Firai Lieutenant J. 1). ;
liarretie cum.i:ar.dliiK; n.usic, ■•:-i«r-.-iitir.g:cd i
B.uuer," Villa luUu ry Kegioiem baud;
prayer, Rev. (i. \V. ; eauy, cliaij.hiu of the day; I
I'resentauou if « r-inauca from the Unites
Mates Governinc.il by .M..ior Edward Fiel 1, U.
6. A.; unveiling or or<:ii;.i.ct-; response in ac
leptence by M.'.y.r W. K. 1 homes,
''• I*. c, pres.tlent of the day,
juusic, "Halt Columbia," Quiariei's concert
t'a.ia; Lincoln's Gi;uy>bui;: address, J. A.
< o.quhoan, P. K. C. ; music, Kelitu:c^ quartet.
Pacing flatrs on veieraub' _::.v is by Srnu ol
Veterans; & trowing flowers m: the graves in
tne following ordor: First, G. A. R.: second,
W. R. c. ; third, Ladies of the G. A. K. Firing
ha.u.es over graves by Companies A, F arid G.
Fifth Infantry Keciment; Battery C, Tnlra
Vnlted States Artillery. '.taps, bugler ; return
to cemetery gaies.
After the firing of the salute over the
praves the tirst division and bands will
proceed intact to the cemetery gates,
where they will disband.
Superintendent Smith of Mountain
View Cemetery issued me following cir
cular to-day, wnich should be borne in
mind by every one attending the ceremo
nies at Mountain View Cemetery:
As the battery of artillery from the Presidio
will fire minute guns during the services ail
persons having vehicles are warned not to
leave horses unattended; nor must they be
hitched to trees or anywhere where they might
go damage.
This precaution is given to prevent run
aways and save damage to person and prop
try- '.:;.■«•:-:.?,
No dogs will be allowed on the grounds.
No flowers must be picked. They are to be
left on the bushes where they will serve to
ornamem the cemetery for days.
It cut they wither in a few hours and only
litter the grounds.
Senator Per Kins has sent a dispatch to
Grand Marshal C. K. King, informing nim
that the Government has ordered the
United States steamship Unadilia to
transport a detachment of marines and
officers from the United States Marine
8 Corps at Mare Island 10 Oakland and take
■ them back, so that there will be no ex-
J pense attached to tneir visit. The ma
* rines will consist of forty men, under the
command or First Lieutenants C. M. Per
kins and Dion "Williams. They will land
at. Brotdway wharf at 9:30 and at once !
march to the placa assigned them in the
parade.
The evening exercises will be held in the
First Congregational Church. The pro
gramme will be:
Organ voluntary, "Marche Funebre" Du sseic
Jrayer hey. ('. H. .brown
Music, -Sieep, Comrades, SSitep".... Double qunnct
-Address ....xtev. \\ i.ii.im Kader
Music- tenor so.o and chorus. "Lay lie Down
and Save toe Flag" •. rfoot
Remarks ..General K. P. >_hipman,
Depar;me:it commander, G. a. K.
.Music, soprano »u!o and chorus, violin obliga'.o, -
••God -aye .he I nion" Root
Eemkrks Charles L. Pierce,
Division commander. Sots of Veterans
Music, contralto so!o and quajtet, -lfce Gar
land of l- lowers" White
Exercue, -Memorial of t" owers"
Pupils Du:aut and Lincoln schools
Music, "America." T.,e audieuce
organ, "Mart-he de Procession" (Gounod)
Music by the First Knslish. Lutheran choir,
under tee direction of ilmt-. Llai»-.*lvrrsoj
as-is:ed by Alfred WilKle; Miss -Mabel Husser
organise.
TO lOSIEE MOBALS.
"Work of the Alanieda County W. C. T.
U. Among the Young.
OAKLAND, Cal., May 29.— The Ala- j
meda County Women's Christian Ter- >
perance Union has taken up the matter of !
the unemployed and the Sabbath closing !
movement. At their annual convention '
they adopted the following:
Resolved, That the proper observance of the I
Christian Sabbath is essential to ths best in
terests of the individual, the home ana the
community. Therefore we will do all iv our
power 10 stop me present fearful tide of Sab- j
bath desecration which threatens the destruc- j
tion of the commonwealth, and to this end we !
will work for a State sabbath law and for tne !
closing of all saloons in Aiameda County on
itif Lord's day.
/ Resolved, That the members of the Woman's I
/ Cnrlstiau Temperance Union sympathize
| deeply with the large numbers of worthy men
V out of employment, and we would respectfully
■ 'ill the attention of the municipal authorities i
10 the same, to the end thai if possible some i
method may be devised to permanently j
edy this great evil.
Resolved, That the defeat of the constitutional '
suffrage amendment has aroused us to a greater
comprehension of the extreme need of woman
suffrage to elevate the morals of our State as
well as a simple matter of justice to the women ■
of the eommun wealth. ■ • ■ •
Inasmuch as our youth are accustomed to
congregate on vacant grounds for the purpose
of ball-playing, and, inasmuch ss the use of
bad language, the drinking of beer and gam
bling have become prevalent at such ball
games,
Resolved, That the Alameda County Woman's
Christian Temperance Union deprecates such
bad habits where only innocent pleasure
should prevail, and that we recommend our
superintendent oi juvenile work to use such
means as are found best to eradicate the evils.
Resolved, As it comes to the knowledge of
the Woman's Christian Temperance Union
that boys of the age of 12 years and upward
are freque ting billiard saloons at the
same time that older men are there smoking
and gambling, and inasmuch as these billiard
rooms are generally next door to a saloon, and
thu» become the kindergarten of the saloon, |
we urge upon parents the necessity of knowing i
where their boys are after 6 o'clock in the I
evening. -i J
Resolved, As neither the Christian Union nor
any Christian organization may give coun
tenance to any disreputable or uuholy busi
ness, therefore we, the members of the Ala
meda Woman's Christian Temperance Union,
do molt earnestly protest against any liquor
dealer of Oakland having any place on any
committee of arrangements for entertaininz
the National Christian Endeavor Society ex .
pected to visit our city in July next. To nave
any liquor-dealer on such a committee will
bring reproach upon Christianity as well as
upon the great Christian Endeavor Society
composed ot the best . young people of the
Nation. -,■
Resolved, That the thanks of- the convention
aie mo<t heartily tendered to the East Oak
. land Union for their generous entertainment
i and also those ladies an 1 gentlemen who as
-1 r.sted to make the medal contest interesting
I »nd special thanks for the excellent music
/ Vjrovlaed. _. «"*•«,
■ . — » — •
SHOT AT BDBGLABS.
The Marauders Are Still Break Into
Houses and stores
OAKLAND, Cal., May 29.-Burglars
are still busy and at an early hour this
morning they visited; the residence of
Jonathan Middleton on Twenty 'third aye.
ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
nue. The family was aroused by hearing
a lock broken on one of the windows.
Harold Middleton, who is 19 years old,
grabbed a revolver and rushed out of the
house just as a man was running from the
yard. He took three shots at him, bat so
"far as known did no harm.
Another burglar visited the store of
Goldberg-Bowen on Clay street last night,
but must have been frightened away, be
cause there is no other evidence of his
visit than several jimmy marks near the
lock on the door.
KJBLIANOE OLDB APFAIES.
Ladies' and Gentlemen's Xlghti Ar
■ ranged tor >ext Month.
OAKLAND, Cal.. May 29.— 0 a Thurs
day evening, June 10, the Reliance Club
will hold its next gentlemen's night. The
programme will consist of two eight
round contests for decisions and three
tryouts of four rounds each. The main
affairs will be between McConnell of
the San Francisco Athletic Club and
Joseph Kane of the Manhattan Club and
! Jimmy Keilly of the Manhattan Club and
! Frank Scuuler of the San Francisco Ath
letic Club. There will also De tbr.se try
outs between well-known men.
The ladies' night will precede the gen
tlemen's night and the programme will
consist of stereopticon views, vocal and in
j strumental music. There will be dancing
after the programme is rendersJ. - :"'- V
The team to represent the Reliance
Club at the State shoot will consist of tne
I following well-known men: John Cad
! man, William Seaver, "William Marshall,
I Ed Olson, Frank Norton and William Me-
Cutcheon. There will be two other teams
enter from the club.
CRONIN'S DEATH CERTAIN
The Deputy Constable Has Made |
His Aiie-Mortein Statement
o 1 tie bheoting.
>o Badiy Hart That H» Is Not Ab 1 -? I
to Move a L mb — His Assa;l
ant> bi ent.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,!
yuS Broadway, Muy 29. J
Deputy Constable Gronin is so near the
end of his life that the pnysicians to-day
pronounced that he could not hve more
than twenty- full r nours. \Vh9n this de
cision was arrived at, Deputy District At
torney Church and his stenographer vis
ited the dying man to take his ante
ruortem «tatement.
Early this morning Cronin suddenly be
came much worse. It was believed he was
dying and his relatives were summoned.
Cronin himself expressed the belief that
he cannot possibly recover and then
slowly told the circumstances surround
ing the shooting.
His story is just the same as that al
ready printed, and the District Attorney
declined to give it out for publication un
less Cronin dies. Hia wile and sister-in
law are his constant attendants, but they
are with the physician unable to relieve
j the £;reat pain in the reelon of the wound.
; His spinal cord is so badly injured that
I he has absolutely no control of his body.
I During to-day be has remained in a semi
conscious state only capable of conversing
at intervals.
James Bryan, the boy who did the
shooting, no'wiealizes the seriousness of
I his crime. He has had time to become
thoroughly sober and be sullenly refuses J
to see any one or say a word about the i
affair. His companion, McGinnis, who, it
is alleged, is partially responsible for en
couraging him to shoot, also maintains
complete silence.
HORSE BAOING.
Some Good Sport on the New Alameda
Track.
ALAMEDA, Cal., May 29.— There was
a good attendance at the new circular
speed track of the Alameda Driving Asso
ciation this afternoon for the tirft meet
this season. There was a stiff breeze
blowing, which was something of a draw-
Lack for last tim^ as well as for the spec
tators. There were three events on the
programme, one of which, however, was
called off. The first race was trot tine,
2:30 class, in which the entries were: C.
S. Neat's b. m. Emma Abbott, Wichman's
d. ru. Wild Piney, H. L. Transue's g. h.
Silver Button and Frank Thwaite's b. g.
Clay 11. Emma Abbott won in two
straißht heats. Time, 2:25\4— 2:26}£.
The second was a pacing race, ii which
there were two entries — Dr. Bull's bay
filly Much Beuer and Justice Morris' bay
hily Inez M. The third race was called
off. The third event was a mixed race,
:35 class in wbicn the entries were Judge
(worth's bay geldin<r BoD, Burt Combs'
mare and H. T. Moran's bay gelding
at.
>b won the first and second heats and
race. Time. 2:31}5'— 2:30. In the first
neat the gray and Count came in n«ck
and neck, while in the second Couni
was second and the gray first. The sec
ond money was divided between the two.
Dr. Latham acied as presiding judge and
starter and Judge Greene ana I. L. Bor
den as the judges.
Tunnel Proposition Abandoned.
ALAMEDA, Cal., May 29.— Much re
gret is feit by the people of Aiameda over
the final outcome of the proposition to
construct a tunnel under the estuary.
They bad hoped that some way might be
foun i by which i: would be possible to
have such a great improvement over the
present method of crossing the stream,
but it seems that there is no way out of it
unless the cities of Alameda and Oakland
I shall join in such work. Many are in
favor of doing this, and others desire to
wait until the next, session of the Legisla
ture, when they propose to endeavor to
have a special act passed empowering
counties to construct tunnels, as well as
bridges, wherever needed.
MEMOEIAL DAY.
No Ceremonies to Be Held in Alnmeda
Appropriate to the Occasion.
ALAMEDA, Cal., May 29.-Beyond the
general observance of Memorial day as a
holiday in this city there will be nothing
of a public character to signalize the oc
| currence. Owing to the destruction of
; Linderman's Opera-house and the absence
j of a hall large enough to accommodate
the audiences which have in the past at
tended such events, there will be no exer
cises. The National Guard and the Grand
Army post will participate in the celebra
tion in Oakland and in the decoration of
graves in Mountain View cemetery.
Doubtful Reform.
ALAMfDA, Cal., May 29. — Justice
Morris has sent Alma Follmer to the Su
perior Court to be committed to the Whit
tier Reform School. Her mother has also
been committed to appear and answer a
charge of larceny. These are the parties !
who were caught stealing lumber from an I
unfinished house. An attempt was made
to prove that Mrs. Follmer was insane
but it failed. : ; . .
Alameda Notes.
ALAMEDA, Cal.. May 29.— The per.
formance of the , "Sorcerer" by the Ala
meda Operatic Society at Armory Hail
last night was well attended and success
ful. Ii will be repeated this evening.
The Bimetallic Club now numbers 228
members and is receiving constant accces
sions.
—L • — — • ' ■
ScheKbaas* store— Goods are b*lng sacrificed.
Chas v. on pert, Trustee. Stores most be vacated.*
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY. MAY 30, 1897.
SUIT TO RECOVER
A LIGHT PLANT
NickeHn-the-Slot Gas Me
ters Bankrupt the
Company.
San Leandro May Try Again
to Vote Bonds for a Munic
ipal Plant.
Gas Stock Is Causing Some Trouble
in the Little Towa Across
th? Eridge.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,)
908 BroHdway, May "29. f
The San Leandro Gas Company has
brought suit against H. W. Williams, H.
D. Tassell et a!., for the purpose of obtain
ing from them the control of the ban Le
andro Gas Works.
According to the complaint, W. J.
Landers was sole owner of the gas works
prior to August of last year. At that time
an agreement was made between the
plaintiff and defendant to dispose of the
stock to the defendant for $12,000, to be
paii within four years. The new owners
were to put in a new system lor distribut
ing the gas within ninety days, and while
the purchase price was being paid interest
on the whole amount was to be collected
monthly.
Three weeks ago the new owners could
not pay their bills, and the place was put
I in charge of a constable, and the monthly
interest was not forthcoming. The origi
nal owner now declares that the new hrm
is insolvent and tno contract is broken,
cna fearing damage suit*, ho has operated
! the plant himseif for some time.
The secret of this trouble is the failure
of an invention to distribute gas on the
principle of a nickel-in-the-slot machine.
j Some months ago an Oakland brass
[ worker invented a gas meter which would
j emit a quantity of gas equal in value to
j a coin placed in the slot. A number of
I these machines were made, and the San
! Leandro gas plant was the first and only
! one to give them a practical test. While
the invention was very clever as it ap-
p eared on paper, it soon beean to provs a
: failure when put into practice. The ma
| chines couid be tampered with, and there
; were complaints that th y did not pro
duce as much illuminating medium as
was paid for, and, of course, alter ttie gas
was burned it was impossible to settle
! such disputes, anil the gas company grad
ually lost its patronage.
To make matieis more insecure the
town also voted to establish a municipal
i electric-lizht plant. Owing to a techni-
I cality in the p : oceedings, the election call
i ing for the issue of bonds was declared il
! legal and the matter was dropped tempor
i aruy. It is possible, however, that an at
| tempt to establish a municipal light
: plant may be taken up at any time, and
; as a result the value of gas stock at San
i Leandro is not thereby enhanced.
FOR THEIR CLASS DAY.
Berkeley High School Pupils
Making Ready to Cele
brate-
They Will Reprcduoe on Next Tues
day Evening the Farce "A
Scrap of Pap?r."
BERKELEY, Cal., May 29.— 0n next
j Tuesday evening the graduating class of
j the Berkeley High School will hold their
class-day exercises at Shattuck Hall. The
feature of the evening will be the repro
duction of a three-act play, entitled, "A
Scrap of Paper." :;". iY;c>.s-- '.,■'■".
The performance will be under the di
rection of Miss Fanny W. McLean,
teacher of English in the High School.
William Powell, Ralph Ward well and.
Edna Wyckoff will be the stage managers.
Following will De the cast of characters:
Prosper Couramant, the traveler. Vera Hun
ter: Baron de la Glaciere, Roy Woolsey; Bries
mouche, the naturalist, Henry Morse; Ana
tole, his ward, Charles Doeier; Louise de la
■ Glaciere, wife of the Baron, Mabel Davis;
i Mile. Suzanne de Roseville, her cousin, Ruby
! Morse: Matbllrte, sister to Louise, Edith Hud-
I aart; Mile. Zenobie, sister to Briesmouche,
Corlnne Hutton: Baptlste, servant of the
Baron, Eugene Pierce; Jean, servant of Pros
i per, Eugene Pierce; Mme. Dupont, home
keeper of chateau, Helen Anderson; Pauline,
! maid, Edith Ketchum. The stage managers
I wilt be William Powell, Ralph Wardwell and
Edna Wyckoff.
. The play will be precede! by the cus
tomary class-day programme, consisting
of the prophecy," the reading of the
Doomsday Book and the class horoscope.
I The latter will be rendered by Helen H.
Hamlln, with the assistance of Orua H.
Davis, Marcia Ardley and William D,
Powell.
The graduating exercises of the Berke
ley High School will take place on Thurs
day evening.
. Closing Exercises.
BERKELEY, Cal., May 29.— The semi
i annual oiosicale of the pupils of the Slate
Institute for the Deaf and Dumb and
Blind will take place in- the assembly
ball of tho school on next Friday evening.
The anniversary exercises will be held in
the same ball at 2:15 p. m. on Tuesday,
June 8. _"__£
Berkeley M see 11 an Jet.
BERKELEY, Cal., May -Memorial ser
vices will be held in Trinity Methodist Church
to-morrow evening. The Rev. Robert Bentley,
D.D., will preach. The G. A. R. and Woman's
Relief Corps will attend in a body.
Ralph Hoyt of Los Angeles will speak to the
Socialists of Berkeley in Pythian Hall next
Tuesday evening on "Single Tax."
Special memorial services, with exercises by
pupils of tne Kellogg School and an oration by
Dr. William R. Alger, will be held in Shattuck
Hall on Monday evening.
Instructor Harry H. Hirst of the department
of civil engineering at the State University,
has taken a surveying class of forty-five on a
trip through Lake and Humboldt'counties.
Town Clerk M. L. Han scorn has advertised
for bids on the official printing of Berkeley for
one year, beginning next month.
Rev. F. J. Akers will preach at the South
Berkeley Presbyterian Church to- morrow
[ morning on the subject, "Abiding in Christ."
I Rev. Dr. Ketchum will preach at the First
Presbyterian Church at 3.1 o'clock to-morrow
morning on "The Church and the Child."
A small unoccupied frame dwelling on
Parker street was destroyed by fire early this
morning. The origin of the blaze is unknown
A SAFE THAT WAS SAFE.
Experts Work Fire Days in the County
Clerk's Office.
OAKLAND, Cal., May 29.— After five
days of hard work the safe in the County
Clerk's office has been opened by the ex
perts. It was found necessary to drill
through four inches of steel to find the
bolt which nad worked ont of place. The
county will have a large b:ll to pay as tlie '
experts charged a heavy price for their
work.
The county safe one time belonged to
the defaulting banker, Duncan, and was
afterward purchased for ti.e county. It
was charged at the time that the Super
visors made a comfortable draw-down over
the purchase of the iron-room, and they
were indicted, but acquitted at the trial.
GOOD CHEfiRY CROP.
Growers Paying More Attention to Pack
ing and Getting Good Prices.
OAKLAND. Cal., May 29.— The cherry
picking is now in full blast, and the
growers are reporting a fine crop all
around. Prices are firm— from 3 cents to
6 cents a pound for black and from 6J4
cents to 9 cents for Royal Anns. Several
large buyers have b?en going through the
county this week looking for purchases,
and have reported that the Alameda cher
ries are better this .year than those of
Santa Clara.
An expert in packing cherries has been
in the county this week instructing ship
pers as to the manner in which to pack so
as to create the best impression and insure
the best prices in the East.
There is considerable rivalry among the
orcbardtst* as to which is putting up the
finest pack. Great progress has been
made during the week, and commencing
Monday Eastern shipments wi.l begin in
earnest.
St. Patrick's Alliance Plcnlo.
OAKLAND, Cal., May 28.— Oakland
Alliances Nos. 5 and 16 of the St. Patrick's
Alliance of America will bold their an
nual picnic to-morrow at Sunset Park.
The excursion irain will leave the Four
teenth-street depot at 8:50 a. m., and
many hundreds will make tue trip.
CALLS A NEW PASTOR.
Rev. Glen McWilliams to Preside
at the First Christian
Church
The Cornerstcne of the Njw St John's
to B-- Lai3 With Ceremony
Next Wedn?sday.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway, May 29. f
Rev. Glen McWiiliams has accepted the
call to the F/rst Christian Church. This
action finally disposes of all efforts that,
have been made toward bringing about a
union of the two Christian churches in
this ci:y.
The first Church is now without a
building of its own, but the fund realized
from the sale of its property will enable
both congregations to erect a first-class
modern church in a more convenient por
tion of town tnan the old building. They
are at present worshiping in the Y. M.
C. A. auditorium and have been without
a regular pastor for a couple of months.
Key. Glen McWilliams was called a f^w !
weeks Bgo to preacn on approbation and
has given such general satisfaction that
he has been offered and has accepted a
1 permanent call.
After vacating their old building the at
tempt was maae to unite the Central and
First Christian churches. The Central
Church has for its pastor Rev. Edwards
Davi», and it was from that church that
the overtures toward consolidation came.
It was first proposed before Rev. James
Small resigned from the First Church.
The plan then was that both pastors
should resign, and a joint meeting of the
two congregations should elect another !
pastor to preside over the united body.
This was not favorable to Mr. Davis, who
dd not. consider it advisable to resign,
and Key. James Small left the pastoral
field to taKe up evangelical work.
Invitations have b> en issued by the offi- '
cial board of St. John's Epi-copal Church j
for the laying of the cornerstone of the!
now building at Eighth and Grove streets i
next Wednesday afternoon. "Walter
Matthews '.as been appointed to take
cnarge of the work, and he has prepared
plans of a typical English parish church.
The building will be 100 feet square, and i
will have seating capaci y for 400. It wiil
cost, exclusive of all «he furnishing*. '
$10,000, and the pians are so arranged that
if the fund will not permit of building a
tower at present, it can be added after
ward without difficulty.
Mission Sao Joie Sends Greeting.
OAKLAND, Cal., May 29.— The genernl
committee of arrangements who hare |
charge of the centenary celebration at
Mission San Jose have sent cut a general
invitation to the people of Alameda
County to attend the ceremonies on June
13. Reduced railroad rates have been
granted and a large attendance is ex
pected. The committee consists of Juan
GalleßC (chairman). Key. Thomas Mc-
Naboe, Rev. J. M. Montaner, E. J. Bris
cce, J. Warmsley, John F. Coffaney, feolo
mon Ebrruan, A. L. Sunderer, secretary.
Two Meat Companies Combine.
OAKLAND, Cal., May 29.— The Oak
land Meai Company this aiternoon com
pleted the purchase of tae California and
Nevada Meat Company. The considera
tion of the transfer is eaid to be $100,000.
It has no commercial significance other
thin is apparent on the surface.
lli!ii:iiraiiit£^^
1-=IS THE BEST KNOWN REMEDY^- |
FOR _ |
QHEUMATIBM, NEUKALGIA, PAINS IN GENERAL, DYSPEPSIA, DYSENTERY, f
fl Cholera Morbus, Diphtheria, Sore Throat, Pneumonia, Nervous, Liver and §
Kidney Complaints, Sciatica, Lumbago, Colds, Coughs, Local and General Debility, p
4£ Headache, Earache, Toothache, Sickness in Stomach, Backache, Burns, Swellings, %
| Boils, Sores, Ulcers, Colic, Cramps, Sprains, Bruises, Scalds, Wounds, Indigestion! #
ff Skin Diseases, Excessive Itching and many other complaints too numerous to $
* name here. The most skeptical are convinced after trial.
S Price, 25c, 50c, $1.00 Per Bottle. I
For sale by all druggista. The trade supplied by Redington & Co., Mack & Co. and Langley & Micnaels, San Francisca
L. Callisch, Wholesale Agent for the Pacific Coast, San Jose, Cal gfe
FRAGRANT FLOWERS
FOR AMMUNITION
Society's Kindergarten Ben
efit at Beautiful Arbor
Villa.
Mayor Thomas Sings and Mrs.
Sam Breek Controlled
the Donkeys.
An Army of Young Misses Shot Bou
quets at the Guests From
M my Verauda3.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,)
908 Btoadway, May 29. j
The "fete champetre" at Arbor Villa,
the beautiful home of Mr. and Mrs. F. M.
Smith, this afternoon proved to be the
most successful affair Riven in Oakland for
many months. The directors of the Cen
tral Free Kindergarten have been richly re
paid for all their trouble and will have a
snug sum with which to cary on their
work.
The prounds were at their best when the
visitors arrived, about 2 o'clock. From
that hour until 5 the stream of pleasure
seekers was never still.
Society was well represented, the Lake
side and Jackson-street set being iv evi
dence everywhere. An orchestra sta
tioned directly in front of the house en
livened the proceedings ail the nf>ernoon.
At 5 o'clock came tae first event, it
being a game of 'skipping the rope."
This was participated in by twenty misses
who had been drilled for the >'ast two
weeks by Mrs. F. M. Smith and Miss Ellis.
Those takinsr part were: Miss Edith
Davis, Miss Florence Crandall, Misa
Emily Chickering, Miss Patty Chickering,
Miss F-orence Na^le, Miss Lucille Nagie,
Miss Anna Caskey, M:s<j Violet Wag
goner, Miss Eihel Liwrence, Miss Esther
Drummond, Miss Winnifred Burge. Miss
Ethel Johnson, the Misses Cecil, Emily
and Susie Harrold, the Misses Anna and
Alice Swain, Miss Margaret Law, Miss
Katie Greenleai and Miss Florence Par
dee. They were hearthy applauded at the
close of the event.
The Lyric quartet, a misnomer for a
double quartet, was well enjoyed and
compelled to respond to an encore. The
Bingers were Messrs. Sanborn, Chestnut,
Burbeick, Merideth, Benham, Trefeiher,
Collins and Mayor Tnomas. Their song
was entitled "Louisiana,"' arranged by
Martin Schultz. It was a Southern mcl-
ody.
The event of the day, and the one all
looked forward to with great expecta
tions, was the "battaille de fl?urs." Nor
were the most exacting disappointed.
Just at 5 o'clock, as every one had gath
ered in front of the beautiful mansion,
with the descending sun casting an amber
snade upon everything, a troupe of
daintily dressed young ladies appeared
upon the porticos and the fun began.
Huge bassets of cut flowers had been
placed in front on the ground, while the
porticos were full of them. Faster and
faster flew the flowers. One after another
the older ones were drawn into the battle,
until at the close nearly every one on the
ground was bombarding the house or
ms neighbor.
Among the business men hard at work
were: Mayor Tnomas, A. M. Ben ham, W.
H. Friend, A. A. Pennoyer, Dr. Edward?,
Jack Valentino, Edward Van Amringe.
The Indies in the porticos and on the
grounds participating were: Misses Ela
Sterrett. Burge McDermott. Selma Brink,
Kcnna Valentine, Ethel Kittridge, Mar
garet Herrick. Lena Moore, Moliie Con
nors, Mrs. Martin SSchultz. Miss Anna
Briggs, Miss Leach, Miss Harriet Hu -
gins, Miss Anna Sharkley, Misß Smith
and Miss Bessie Wheaton.
The donkey carts at the stable were in
charge of Mrs. Samue! Brecfc. The chil
dren patronized these most liberally.
The pony and donkeys have never seen a
harder clay's work. Mrs. J. H. T. Wat
kinson was in charge of tha "Lilac
House," where tea was servei to all
comers free. Mr.«. M. Hoadley, under v
bower of palms, told fortunes by palmis
try, which was greatly enjoyed by the
younger set. Miss El a Sterrett did a
good business selling fl >wers. Mrs. Stolp,
Mrs. Wheaton, Mrs. Gorrill and Miss Kit
tridge took turns attending the gates.
The directors of the Free Kindergarten,
which will be benefited by to-day's pro
ceeds are: Mrs. G. H. Wheaton, Mrs. E.
B. Beck, Mrs. Gordon Stolr>. R. W. Gar
rill, £. H. Kittridge, W. W. Watkln»on
and Mrs. A. M. Simpson.
PIEE DEPABTMENT SCANDAL
Mayor Thomas Says It la Neoesiary to
Settln the Matter at Once.
OAKLAND, Cal., May 29.— The trouble
between Assistant Fire Cbief Murdock
and Jack Rohan, foreman of Hose Com
pany No. 1, will be ventilated in the Po
lice Court Tuesday morning, when Mur
dock will plead to a charge of battery.
The two men were at their work to-day,
and Murdock stated that he would file
charges against Rohan of oeine guilty of
conduct detrimental to the welfare of the
department. The misconduct alleged
consisted of circulating the affidavit of
Harry Lawson, a convict, attacking Mur
dock's character.
Hohan says he does not intend to file
charges against Murdock. Three years
ago be Joined MurdocK $100, and the as
sistant chief avoided him alterward and
only paid it back by degrees.
Murdock declares that he has bad
nothing to do with Lawson and denies
I that he furnished him with money at sev
eral times, a* claimed in the affidavit. He
says the trouble with Rohan began at St.
Mary's College fire, two years ago.
Mayor Thomas stated to-day that he
thought it should be settled whether or
not a new man was to become fire chief.
The matter would have to be disposed of
before discipline could be restored in the
department.
OLEOAK WANTS REDSESS.
Suit Against th« License Inspector for
Criminal Libel.
OAKLAND, Cal., May 29.— John J.
CJecak, the West Oakland restaurant man,
has sworn >o a complaint charging License
Inspector Maloon with criminal libel.
The charge is based upon an article which
appeared in a morning newspaper over
Maloon's signature.
One of the charges is as follows:
"If the fathers and mothers of this city
knew haif the deviltry, corruption and
vice which are going on in the side rooms
of your all-night restaurants, such a pro
teat would go up to the Council of tr.is
city that an ordinance would be passed In
compel you to close at midnight, for more
youn.' men and women are ruined in such
places kept by you than in all saloons of
this city combined."
Clecan will have great difficulty in dis
proving the statements of Maloon, for
they bear % marked resemblanre to state
ments made by the Chief of Police and
other officials.
BIGAMY NO OBJECTION.
A License Refused a "Woman Who Said
She Had a Hu«bnDd.
OAKLAND, Cal., May 29.— Join Frank
and Maria Chr.sc called on the County
Cleric this morning for a marriage license,
but did not receive it. While the deputy
was filling out the blank the woman con
fidentially toLd him that she has a hus
band from whom she has never been
divorced.
A little inquiry revealed the fact that
she was married in 1892, and about a year
later her husband deserted her, going to
sea. Tbe Clerk refused the license, which
made the eroom very ancry. He declared
that he would fix the divorce business in
short order, and said it was an outrage
that he shouid not be permitted to marry
the woman right away.
At tbe Theater*.
OAKLAND. Cal., May 29.— The "Gol
den Giant" will be presented at the Oak
land Theater by the Bacon Company next
week. Owing to the success that has at
tended the introduction of local talent at
this theater, Manager Bates of the East
Lynne Company has offered prizes for a
local play. Each play must not be more^
t:>an one hour in length and one act. and
the three mo^t worthy will be presented
on the same nipht.
Miss Goodsell will rest for two weeks
and will appear in an enlarged cast.
Woodmen's Reunion and Picnic.
OAKLAND, Cal., May 29.— The four
teen camps of Woodmen in this county
will hold a union picnic at San Lorenzo
Grove next Saturday. Invitations have
been extended to the'eamps of San Fran
cisco, Martinez and Danville to unite and
make this tbe create t Woodmen's re
union ever hela on the coast. T^e ath
letic sports will commence at 2 p. m . the
NEW 1 O-D AY.
A TRUE VITALIZED
"DR. PIERCES ELECTRIC B2LT." I
AN APPLIANCE THAT CUVKS SPAKKS OF !
life Into your nerves. ?p»rits that yon feel. I
Its power is felt upon tbe surface of the body in
one moment. It permeates every viial fane. lon. j
Every lecturer on the pnbiic platform, every I
physician of note, every scl utitic woru tnat you j
rend, tells you that '-.Electricity Is Life." Kvery
element of your being gives demons, ration of the
truth or this assertion. It is a fact, No nne doub:s
It. With your nerves and Wo. d charged with his
electric force there Is no chance fordisease.no
place or weakness. Jt Is the fundamental princi-
ple of vigorous manho d an;l womanhood. Wh -re
It is disease cannot be. It cures without drugging
the stoma h. Give it a triaL vr. Pierces Pat-
ented Ke;t is warranted to be superior to all oth-
ers, and is sold at kKASOXa ULE PRICES. Buy
no belt till you see Dr. Pierces.
Call or send for FKKK BOOK. Address DR.
PIERCE <fc SON. 704 Sacramento St.'. cor. Kearny,
or 64U Market st. , below Kearny, San Francisco.
Agents as follows: Ho den i»rug Co. , Stockton ;
B. K. Gogings, Micrameiuo, ana O. G. Morehead,
San Jose.
«*- For RTJPrURB use "DR. PIERCES
Ma netic Elastic Irnss."
Auction Sales
AUCTION SALE. ]
tO-MORROW,
Monday .........May 31, 1897,
At 11 o'clock a. m.. at
2320 Fillmore street. Between Clay
mil "V\*asui.i»rton,
'-'■--. ' WE WILL SELL - - ■•» .V'
AIL THE STOCK CONTAINED IN THE
FOXHALL STABLE,
■".■... cost sistino OF ...
53 Head of Choice UrivlnK and Carriage Horses,
5 Carrias^s, 15 open and Top Buggias, 30 Sees of
Harness. Blankets, Whips. Kobe*. »>tc.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE.
Office— 327 Sixth st. Livestock Auctioneers.
principal events being tbe sawing and
chopping contest. Lidies will also com
pete in a nail-driving contest.
The University Medical Col esje of New
Orleans has determined to establish a
training school for negro women as
nurses. The object is to supply weJl
trained nurses who will serve tor moder
ate pay. The trained nurses who are now
in New Orleans are not numerous enough
to meet the demand, and they are paid for
their services at a rate which many people
who need them cannot afford.
• — ♦ — «
An observing tourist who visits Rome
and walks through the streets is doubtless
surprised that there are very few houses
bearing the ominous numoer of "13,"
nearly all the houses that should bear
those figures being mnrked "12b" or "14a."
Nor is the superstition regarding the fate
ful 13 abspnt from scien'itic Germany.
. sew TO- DAT.
FREE TO if ERY MAC
THE METHOD OF A GREAT TREATMENT
FOR WEAKNESS OF ME! ,
WHICH CURED HIM AFTER EVERY-
THING ELSE FAILED.
Painful diseases are bad enough, but when a
man is slowly wasting away with nervous
weakness the mental forebodings are ten
times worse than the most severe pain. There -
Is no let up to the mental suffering day or
] night. Sleep is almost Impossible, and under |
such a strain men are scarcely responsible for '
what they do. For yeara the writer rolled and
tossed on the troubled sea of sexual weakness
until it was a question whether he had not '
better take a dose of poison and thus end all
his throubies. But providential inspiration *
; came to his aid iv the shape of a combination
of medicines that not only completely restored
the general health, but enlarged his weak,
emaciated parts to natural size and vigor, and
he now declares that any man who will take
the trouble to send bis name and address may
have the method of this wonderful treatment
free. Now, when I say free I mean absolutely
without cost, because I want every weakened
man to get the benefit of my experience.
lam not a philanthropist, nor do I pose as
{ an enthusiast, but there are thousands of men
i suffering the mental tortures of weakened
| manhood who would be cured at. ones could
they but get such a remedy - as the one that
cured me. Do not try to study out how I can
afford to pay the few postage-stamps necessary
to mall the information, but send for it ana
learn that there are a few things on earth
that, although they cost nothing to get, ate
worth a fortune to some men and mean a life-
time of happiness to most of us. Write to
Thomas Slater, box 2283, Kalamasoo, Mich., -
and the information will be mailed in a plain •
sealed envelope.
THE
WEEKLY
CJILL
©/ It Publishes the Cream of the
News of the Week and
2 MANY ATTRACTIVE AND
©{ ORIGINAL FEATURES.
°< IT IS THE BEST WEEKLY
©< PAPER ON THE
| 7) PACIFIC COAST
2 \ ■"■".- / \
7) The Best \'. / Mining
:°» Telegraphic \S News That
°\ Service on /\ Is Accurate ;
01 The Coast / \& up to data
;o< / \___..
°< —
jol Not a Line of it Sensational
10/ or Faky, and Not a Line of
■ *j| it Dry or Uninteresting. /
j©< Bright. Clean, A Champion of
J Thoughtful. Truth.
; 2 A CALIFORNIA NEWSPAPER
I ~J ALL THE TIME.
3 IT ADVOCATES SENT BY
HOME , MAIL, $1,511
«>< INDUSTRIE^ A YEAR.
2 THE CALL SPEAKS FOR ALL
1516
LOTTERY
FAKES ARE
DOOMED
There Were Fifty Indig
nant Holders of the
Winning Number.
HI ACCIDENT REVEALS
THE SWINDLE.
Lightning Struck Where It
Was Least Expected and .
Played Havoc.
_^_
INDIGNATION OF BUYERS AT i
THE EXPOSE.
strange Phenomenon of a Large Num
ber of Counterfeit Capita
Prize Tickets.
A death blow has been given to the sale
>f lottery tickets in this State, and sev
»ral combinations of shrewd but unscrupu
lous individuals who have grown rich out
>f the business of conducting the so-called
" little" lottery schemes openly and un-
One of the Fifty Capital-Prize Tickets in the Original Little Beneficencia Pufelica Company Declared
to Be a Counterfeit and on Which Payment Was Refused Yesterday.
molested by the police, will be oblieed to
resort to honest labor, or to live on the
interest of the money which they have j
plucked from their gullible victims.
Early yesterday morning, as soon as the
office was opened, a man entered the lot
tery shop of Henry S. Cahn & Co., room
olTof the Safe Deposit and Trust Com
pany's building at 328 Montgomery street,
and presented ticket No. 12613 o' the
Original Little Beneficencia Publica Com
pany of San Francisco, which number
was advertised as having won $3750.
The drawing took place in the City of
Mexico last Thursday in the Beneficencia
PuDlica Lottery. The Little Lottery of
San Francisco prints us own tickets and
advertises to pay prizes on the result of
the drawings in the Mexican lottery.
The "lucky" holder of the ticket, who
had sat up all night speculating with his
wife bb to what they were going to do with j
tne $3750 when they got it, took the "pre- !
dous" ticket carefully out of his pocket
and laid it on the counter. The affable
cashier of the lottery company remarked:
"That's counterfeit."
The next moment he stamped across
i he back of the ticket with a red rubber
stamp the word, "Counterfeit."
The poor fellow, who seemed to be a
hard-working mechanic and who had j
bought the ticket in good faith, ventured i
to ask why was it counterfeit, and the af- j
fable cashier explained that the paper .
wasn't good enough; the ink wasn't black I
enough; the private number in the leit- j
hand end was not correct and thstthel
watermark was missing. While he wa-t
speaking two more men came up, each
with a ticket bearing the same winning
number, ana these were also stamped
"counterfeit"
A Call reporter asked the cashier why
' was that so many winning tickets were
.itlnat. all of them having been purchased
i l's cents each by the unsuspecting vic
i rns.
The cashier replied that already fifty
'counterfeit" lottery tickets bearing the
number 12,613 had Seen presented, and he
lud no douot that many more would be
brought in during the day.
But the fact that so many "counterfeit'
tickets were afloat did not seem to dis
tress him a bit. On the contrary, he
seemed to take pleasure in relating that
after the drawing of May 8 of this year
the lottery firm of Metzger & Franklin
were presented with 500 Little Louisiana
lottery tickets, each bearing the number
3">,f>l3, which won the capital prize of
$3750.
The most extraordinary thing about
th«se admissions is that so many counter
feit tickets of the winning number should
have been printed. The cashier said that
the counterfeiter was in the habit of print
ing a large quantity of tickets with the
same number on each in order to save
trouble and expense in the printing. If
this statement be true the chances for tne
counterfeit tickets to fit the winning num
ber of the capital prize are immeasurably
small. Yet within the space of nineteen
days the counterfeiter ha.-* succeeded in
guessing the number of the capital prizes
in two drawings. There appears to be
more of method than madness in thi.s ex
traordinary run of luck in a range of so
few numbers as are indicated by the state
ment of the cashier, who do-s not seem to
be breaking his heart over the ex.steuce of
the counterfei ers.
He said that the genuine 12613 was sold
to an agent in San Diego, and that when
it shall arrive here ihe difference between
it and the "counterfeit" will be apparent
to the most verdant sucker.
BRIGADE ANNIVERSARY.
The Young People of Howard-street
Chnrcli Give an Kntertaimiient.
The fifth anniversary oi Company F,
Filth Regiment of the Boys' Brigade of
California, connected with the Howard
street M. E. Church, was observed Friday
night at the church in a very fitting way.
The edifice was tastily decorated with
American Hags and banners and lit with
transparencies. There was music in
abundance, addresses, fancy drill, dumb
bell and other entertainment. Tiie pro- I
pram me was as follows:
Prayer, Rev. W. W. Case, 1). D .; tenor solo,
•■The Flight of Ages" (Kevan), Dr. H. D.
Noble; recitation, Major W. T. Bonney; piano
duet. "Circus Maximus," the Misses Mayhew
and Onyon; vocal soio, "I Dreamt" (Sichira). j
Miss Augusta Jautzen ; reading, "The Svviue" j
i Brooks), Private-Clarence C. Peterson; violin I
bolo. "Cavallena Rustioua,'' G. H. L. Becke
dorff; address. Rev. William Kader, pastor
Tnird Congregational Cnurcii: dumb-bell ex
hibition by sixteen young iadies. Professor
Martin Schultz, accompanist; cornel duct,
selected, Messrs. Bouncy and Fearn; !aucy
drill by fourteen members of Company |F, j
Sergeant F. Gottung, Sergeant A. Wagner,
Sergeant W. Hess, Sergeant G. Hewlett, Ser
geant E. Sclnirman, Corporal A. Schuhmann,
Corporal F. Young, Corporal P. de Turbeville,
Lance Corporal C. Kinrade, Private H. Foulk,
Private T. Watson. Private C. Deardorff, Pri
VHtc 1.. Moore, Private F Kennott, Lieutenant
H. P. Diamor.deommanding; recitation, "The
Lndy Bird's Race," Miss Hurdie; fancy display
movements by the Voting Lnoiev Drill Corp«—
Lottie Kt'nuan, Lilue Ouyon, Annie Jensen,
Sa<lie Mayhew, Elsie KCiieaiy. Ertith Ken«
rk-ld, Lizzie Froram, Tillie Chandler. Nannie
Alaynew. Cora Bailey, Katie Weil, F.orence
Kenifk-ld, Josephine Wilson, Adilie Bartlett,
Dai«y Morton, EJith MeCrosson. Captain G.
W. Pringle commanding.
RECOMMEND ASPHALT.
Roofers Will Make a right, to Keep the
Fire Ordinnnce as It
Now I§.
The amendment to the fire ordinance
proposed by Supervisor Britt and to be
recommended for adoption by the Fire
Department Committee will meet with
sturdy opposition when it comes up before
the board on Monday for nassaee to print.
The asphaltum roofers of this City claim
that the proposed chanrres will work a
great hardship to them and have prepared
n petition, sijrnea by many of tht lar.est
firms ami corporations of the City, lor
presentation to the board.
The petition recites that asphalt com
position roofs have proved durable and
acceptable to the sieners, that they have
not been unacceptable to tbe insurance
companies, and that to place them under
'he restrictions proposed will be detri
mental to th" public interest.
The petitioners protest against the pro
posed change, and the asphaltum men
will appear before the board on Monday
ana make a right for tneir interests.
DIFfERENCE IN BURGLARY.
Judge Cook Makes a Distinction in
Matter* of Punishment.
Judge Carroll Cook some time ago an
nounced that he made a distinction be
tween burglary cases; that he was not
disposed to be so severe on persons con
victed of entering stores or other unoccu
pied building as he would be if the crime
were committed by entering private resi
dences where familes were living, thus
jeopardizing buman life.
following this theory he yesterday sen
tenced Joseph Mahi to serve six months
in rhe State Prison at Folsom for burglar
izing the warehouse of the Pacific Mail
Steamship Company on the sth of last
April.
James J. Fleming, who burcHriously
entereJ the store of J. St. Denis & Co., at
308 Sutter street, was also dealt with leni
ently. He was condemned to a sojourn
of one year at the San Quentin Slate
Prison. '
ARTISTS ARE AT WORK.
Good Portraits Recently Painted
by Msssrs Yates and
Strone.
Monterey Twilight Eff cts Trans
ferred to C-.nvas by Charles
Ro lo Pet-rs.
Charles Rollo Peters came up from
Monterey yesterdsv and will loiter in San
Francisco several days. During the past
year he has painted beach scenes at Mon
terey and twilight effects. He sent sev-
I eral pictures to London, where purchasers
i were found.
Joseph D. Strong has just finished
I portraits of Mr. and Mrs. Clift of Oakland.
i It is remarked among artists that Strong
Jis doing excellent work. A portrait of
Robert Louis Stevenson painted for trie
Bohemian Club is highly praised as a
work of exceptional merit. There is on
exhibition at Vickery's a pastel by Strong.
The subject is Miss D. Cool, daughter of
Dr. Cool. The picture Is greatly admired.
Fred Yates' portrait ot C. P. Hunting
ton is at Vickery's. The picture of the
firm and rugged railroad man is true to
life. Yates did some moritorius work In
painting General L. H. Foote, William
Greer Harrison, Irving M. Scott, Henry
Marshall and General Barnes, but the
Huntington picture represents his best
work in this country.
Lizzie Strong recently went from Mvn
i terey to Fresno and is duing some work in
painting animals and making landscape
sketches.
Henry Raschen is painting tishes for
the United States Government and look
ing after the interests of the art depart
ment of the next Mechanics' Institute
fair.
A view of the bay from Sausalito, a land
scape and marine, by H. Bloomer, is ex
hibited at Morris & Kennedy's. It is a
good picture.
Thomas Hill has not done a great deal
of work since the light stroke of paralysis
which he sustained last year.
He fancies that the air of the mountains
reinvigorates everything, hence another
summer at Wawona may make him as
good as new. Mr. Hill's painting called
"Sunset in the Foothills" is on exhibition
at the Bohemian Club. It represents a
group of cattle emerging from a mass of
: foliage. Artists speak highly of the pic
ture and particularly admire tiie color..
Alfred Oiis Larkin visiied Monterey a
I short time ago, and had his portrait
| painted in the house which his father
j built. In the room where he was born he
1 sat for the artist, Mr. Strong.
ITALIAN OPERA.
Philharmonic Society to Giro " I": avi
ata" To- Night.
The Italian Philharmonic Society will
produce at the Baldwin Theater this
evening' Verdi's opera of "Traviata."
This organization nag scored many suc
cesses in the past, but this may well be
classed its most ambitious effort.
The opera will be cast with Ida-Valerga,
P. Valeria, G. Zapelli, D. Valeria, C. Viti
lini. Adele Boldocchi, Miss T. Valeria and
E. Merani in the leading roles.
F.Valerga will on : this occasion mate
his first appearance in this Ciiy. lie has
won most favorable criticism abroad and
is said 10 be especially happy in his inter
pretaiation of the tJnor role of Alfredo in
"Traviata."
Violetta will be taken by Ida Valerga.
whose dramatic and vocal ability promise
niuch. t ':: .... ;. : - ■ ,
The , opera will be well staged, for not
one detail has Deen neglected to make a
brilliant ensemble. The larce orchestra
will be under the direction of A. Spadina.
There has been a large sale of seats. .
• ♦ »
Over 400 diamonds are' known to' have
been •■•covered irom the ruins of Baby
lon. Many ate uncut, but most are pol
ished on on« or two sides.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 30, 1897.
SHE MADE THEM
PERFORM PENANCE
Lillian Ashley's Audience
Suffers From
Ennui.
They Listen for Nearly Three
Hours to "a HDst of
Volunteers."
S mi Liviig Pictures of What Was
and What May Yet Be in the
Near Future.
The handful of people— principally
men— who went to the Auditorium last
night to see Emma Ashley's sensational
tableaus paid dearly for the privilege. It
was not in coin of the realm that they
paid so much as in three dreary hours of
waiting for the fair Emma's living pic
tures, during which Carrie CiarKe Ward
and a company described on the bills as
"A Host of volunteers" waded through
the four acts of "Kittie O'Connor."
When people act as "volunteers" it is
usual to treat their efforts tenderly — "lift
them with care," so to speak— as if they
were fragile glas3 or china, so on that ac
count it is better to draw a veil over the
efforts of the ••volunteers." They meant
well, and some of them knew their lines.
Miss Kate McCarthy danced prettily, and
her palpable youth maiie her seem like an
oasis in a desert.
Carrie Clarke Ward's impersonation of
Kittie O'Connor is fairly known to the
older generation of California and little
more need bo said of it, except that last
n ight was "too late a day" for her to play
such a part.
Emma Ashley appeared in " Kittie
j O'Connor" as the haughty Dorothy Kavn-
J nagh. Miss Ashley veiled her identity,
however, under the norn de guerre of
'Miss Lucille Ulnier Thorndike," and r»
i great many people did not know that the
j star performer of the eveninz was before
I them when the massive Miss Ashley
sailed in with a haughty degage walk,
which was meant to express pride and
loftiness of spirit. If Miss Ashley ever
striKes out a new path to fume for her
self on the stace it will be with that
J walk — it is as original and surprise-inspir
| fng as Cis?y's wink, but it not so likely to
J appeal to the chappies.
Emma Ashley was letter perfect, though
j beyond the haughty walk* and the con
sumption of six cups of tea she had
not a very arduous ro> to perform. After
the first r.ct Dorothy Kavanagh drops out
' of the play, and in dull, patient resigna
tion the all lience settled down to endure
ihe rest, cheered by the prospect of the
living pictures to come.
About 11 o'clock "Kittie O'Connor"
came to an end, the band played several
choice selections and then a portion of
| the drop at the back of the stage became
transparent and tableau No. 1, "Devo
tion," was revealed. It represented
"Lucky" Baldwin, somewhat younger and
fairer than in real life, kneeling in an at
titude of polite devotion at the feet of
Emma Ashley, who coyly extended a lily
white hand, which "Lucky" Dent forward
to kiss. There was nothing Don Juan
like about this picture ; it rather suggested
an animated woodcut from that pleasing
little manual, "The Complete Etiquette o.
j Courtship."
The next picture, entitled "Not One
Cent," showed "Lucky," a little more life
like than in number 1, sternly repulsing
the child and Emma Ashley, Doth ol
whom knelt pitifully to him, clothed in
rags. In the third tableau, "She Shall
Inherit My Millions," "Lucky" had un
dergone a change of heart; he was holding
out money to the child and Miss Ashley,
who were both resplendent in smiles and
tine apnarel. This picture was frantically
applauded.
The last scene of all, which ends this
i strange, eventtul history was culled "The
I Stage." "I am only Iza Clemenceau
! now." Miss Ashlev appeared in a cos
tume somewhat resembling that of the
Venus de Milo, but truth compels one to
add that the resemblance ended there.
BOGUS BRANDY.
Wine-3lakers* Corporation Expresses
Itself on the Subject.
The following resolution was unani
mously passed by the board of directors
of the California Wine-maKers' Corpora
tion at their meeting held on Friday, May
28 last:
Whereas, A large quantity of bogus brandy
was recently shipped from this City to Lon
don which was originally marked "California
Pure Grape Brandy," but in reality contained
only about 10 per c.-nt of California grape
brandy, the balance buing composed of corn
spiritß from Nebraska, water, glucose nnd
otUi;r compounds; nnd,
Wiii-.keas, If such bogus compounds are per
mitted to be sont throughout the world and
sold a* California brandy, it is certain to rum
not only our brandy industry, but the wine
and other industries of CalHorma alike; there
fore be it
L'esolvfd, That we unqualifiedly condemn
the adulteration and sophistication of brandy
or wine in this State.
Resolved, That wo strongly condemn the ac
tion of (he Collector of the Port, John H. Wise,
for having rushed through and caused to be
sent F.ast the bogus brandy above referred to
without giving the authorities of this City an
opportunity to confiscate the same and stop
its shipment; be It further
Resolved, That the thanks of this corpora
tion be tendered to Colonel John P. Irish,
Naval Officer; Colonel J. J. Tobln. thu Board
of Health of San Francisco, the Manufactur
ers' and Producers' Association and Chief
Food Inspector Jdmes P. Dockery for their
laudable effort* made to itop the bogus brandy
from being shipped from this City, and that
we pledge our hearty support to all persons
who will assist in preserving the good name
of the products and manufactures of the Stale
of California.
Fun at Sill ro Hat tin.
The programme for this afternoon and even
ing at Sutro Baths promtseH entertainment of
a novel and pleasing character. There will be
swimming races, riding the barrel and diving
for gold and silver in the afternoon; and the
evening will be rendered specially pleasant
oyanne display of stereopticon views illus
trating battle scenes of the civil war. The
latter will be happily varied by a numotr of
Hie latest humorous novelty subjects. Boys
aad girls as well as adults will nave a chance
to get some of the money thrown into the
tanks, which in all will amount to $25. Four
$5-p!eees will be thrown into the large tank
and $o in silver into the small tanki. Valua
ble prizes are announced for the winners of
the barrel contest. •
KINGS COUNTY WINS.
It Will Not Have to Par Any Propor
tion of Tulare's Bonded
I>ebt.
A case of some im portance, bearing upon
the relations sustained by the parts of a
divided county to each other, was decided
by the Supreme Court yesterday. It in
volved the controversy between Tulare
and Kings counties, and the decision of the
lower court was affirmed.
The action was one brought by Tulaie
County against Kings to enforce a claim
for a proportion of the bonded debt of
plaintiff. By an act ot the Legislature of
1893 Kings County was created out of Tu
lare. At that lime ttiere was an indebted
ness of $22,000 in courthouse bonds and
$5000 in road bonds.
Tulare presented a claim for $5049 61, as
the proportionate share of Kings in these
bonds. The Supervisors of the latter re
fused to audit the demands, whereupon
suit was brought, resulting in favor of the
new county. The Supreme Court aftirms
this judgment, remarking that while sec
tion 3 of article XI of the constitution
provides that a new county shall pay its
proportionate share of the bonded indebt
edness of the old county, it does not pro
v de the machinery for the collection of
that assessment.
The act of 1893 creating Kings County
d id not provide a way to collect the same,
nor is the intention of the Legislature
shown to be that there should be any col
lection levied on Kings County.
The court remarks that the courthouse
lor which the bonds w;"re issued remains
in Tulare County, and there is no evidence
to show that any money of the road bonds
was ever spent in King:.* County.
YESTERDAY'S INSOLVENCIES.
Bankrupts Who Have Confessed Their
Financial Difficulties.
Three business men tiled their confes
sions of failure in the County Clerk's
office yesterday.
Frank H. Fowler and Guilford H. Lewis,
merchant tailors, say they are unable
to pay their debts. They owe $780 59
and have assets nominally worth $1503 15.
These are composed of $143 65 bills col
lectible and a note by Dr. C. H. Walker
for $1354 50. Fowler has individual debts
amounting to $116 50.
William T. Cottier, a dealer in ventila
tors, is also bankrupt. His liabilities ex
tend over a large area, the principal cred
itor being his divorced wife, Emily M.
Cottier, wno holds a claim ot $1550 against
him for unpaid alimony.
Dr. H. S. Orme of Los Angeles trusted
him $150 for medical services; Mrs. M. A.
McKenney, Central City, lowa, $250 for
nursing and borrowed money; William
Cronau and S. E. Coffman, $100 each for
money advanced in divorce litigation.
Cottier has no available assets.
Determined to Die.
Early this morning one of the cterks of the
Ahlborn House detected the odor ot gas on the
third floor, and found that the suffocating
fluid came from the room of. A. Raver, a
blacksmith.
The door was forced open ana Raver was
discovered hanging by the neck and uncon
scious. He was cut down aua sent to the Re
ceiving Hospital.
The rash man had made a desperate at
tempt at suicide. He had cut his throat,
slushed his wrists, turned on the gas and
hanged himself with a smail piece ot rope.
He was not expected to live at ;ast accounts.
Jordan and the Socialists.
Professor David Starr Jordan will lecture be
fore Liberty Branch Socialist Labor party 11?
Turk street on Wednesday evening, and
his subject will be "The Pursuit of Happiness."
"THE DAY OF THE DEAD"
To Be Celebrated by the Uuveil
ing of a Beautiful Monu
ment
The Presidio National C metory Will
Bs the Scene of Appropriate
Ceremo lies
Decoration day, 1897, will become a his
toric date in the archives of the Pacific
Const garrisons of the Republican Array
and Navy Union. On that date the united
garrisons will unveil and dedicate a beau
tiful monument to the memory of their
departed comrades.
The idea of erecting a monument, was
first started in 1894, when Garrisons Nos.
100, 101 and 114 gave a general military
tournament.
The parties conspicuous in this under
taking were General William M. Graham
and Colonel S. P. M. Young, United States
army, and Henry J. Crocker, also Ser
geants B. Follinsby and Younp: of Light
Batiery F and First Sereeant E. P. Grimes
of Battery B, Fifth Artillery.
The tournament proved a financial suc
cess, as the sum oi $1300 was raised, in
cluding $1000 donated by the Hon. H. J.
Crocker.
About last July a committee of which
Fost Commander F. Fitzgerald was chair
man, was appointed for the purpose of
raising subscriptions, ?\nd through their
efforts and the generosity of the citizens
of the City of San Francisco and by dona
tions of the various garrisons on the Pa
cific Coast, sufficient funds were raised to
meet the entire expenses of the beautiful
monument.
This monument is cast of white bronze,
and was built through the agency of
James Linforth by the Monumental
Bronze Company of Bridgeport, Conn.
The design of this beautiful monument is
original and cannot be duplicated in the
United States. The base of this monu
ment is 7 feet square and it stands 18 feet in
height.
The dedicatory services will be held at
the Presidio National Cemetery to-mor
row.
The order of exercises will be as follows :
Opening prayer by the Rev. J. H.
Macomber, chaplain, United Suites army.
Reception of the monument by General
William EL Shatter, D. S. A., command
ing the department of California.
Remark* in behalf of the United States
army Dy Captain J. J. O'Conneli, First
United States Infantry.
Remarks in behnlf oi thp United States
navy. Paymaster Willi- B. Wilcox, U. S. N.
Remarkr in behalf of the Regular Army
md Navy Union by Comrade Colonel D.
Geary, National Guard of California.
Orator of the day, Hon. Samuel M.
Shortridge.
Benediction by the Rev, J. H. Macomber.
Officers of the day :
President of the day, Commander F. G.
Wisker.
Grand marshal, Past Commander Alonzo
Ray, U. a A.
Aids, Quartermasters N. J. Goughran
and Charles .1. Sommer, U. S. A.
« — * — •
Oberon Concert*.
Exceptionally good programmes have been
prevared for this week at the Oberon, which
will be the last ot Herr Stark's very successful
engagement. Tho week beginning June 7 will
be filled by the International Ladies' Orcbes
ira, which is said to be a very talented organi
zation.
Not a Welcome Topic.
She— lt was just three years ago to
night that you proposed.  . p■.
— Now, what lao \ you want , to brine
that up for on the only night of the week
that I nave away from business?— Indian
apolis Journal. ;
■;-.-'.•• ——r—» — » • — .
An ostrich will never go straight to its
nest, but always approaches it with many
wind ings and detours, in i order," if - possi
ble, to conceal the locality from obierva
tion. v : " "', ■.-■". ■■ • • • ■* -
DURRANT'S CASE
NEARS THE END
The Colorado Crank Writes
Another Letter to
Mrs. Martin.
Rev. J. George Gibson Wonders
What Mrs. John Will Say
About Him.
The Prisoner Is Cnrtailed of Som.
Liberties— The Governor Will
Decide by To-Morrow.
Rev. J. George Gibson and Secretary
Lynch passed a quiet day yesterday, issu
ing no bulletins, admitting no cranks and
reading no anonymous letters. Tlieir
chief worry was, bo they said, concerning
the things that may yet be said deroga
tory to Mr. Gibson.
Secretary Lynch had heard reports that
Mrs. John Martin intends to lampoon the
pastor in straight Anglo-Saxon at her
Metropolitan Temple lecture on Friday
night. He said he hoped that the lady's
language would be temperate, as he de
sired no trouble, which would certainly
occur should the speaker utter slanders.
Mrs. Martin is busy ion her lectnre /or
Friday night and is hopeful that she will
yet save Durrant's life. She received an
other letter from vV. F. Bryan, the Colo
rado crar.g, yesterday. It is dated May
25, and runs in part as follows:
Dear Madam: Send me aP. O. money order
at once and I wiil ba in San Francisco in time
to treat with you aud others in this matter.
If you've not confidence to do this much, see
Miss Hester Hicks or Miss Henrietta Rigsby,
for I cannot get to San Francisco. 1 am sure
the police will not send for me.
The papers in Denver have put in ten times
more than I wrote to you, and this wilL do the
case no good. The only way that's leJt is my
presence in San Francisco, and $45 is all that
is required. Please answer at once. Respect
fully. W. F. Bbyan.
P. S.— lt would be more than useless tor me
to make a statement to you. They call me a
crank here, but they do me a wrong.
, W. F. B.
It is now the general opinion that
Bryan is either insane or an impostor.
Mrs. Martin will pay no further attention
to his ravings.
Theodore Dnrrant received no visitors
yesteraay. He was not allowed the free
dom of the yard, nor will ha be exercised
to-morrow. For seventy-two hours con
tinuously he will be compelled to remain
in his cell. To-day his father will visit
him, and he will then leara that Governor
Budd will do nothing until Monday.
The painters nave been at work this
week preparing the death chamber for the
reception of the next visitor, who will be
Durrant, if the Governor does nothing to
prevent.
Durrant's cell is directly under the
tanks where the unruly convicts are quar
tered, and during the night he is com
pelled to listen to their howls and noise.
The Governor has announced ihat he
will render his decision in the Durrant
and Worden cases at the same time — to
day or to-morrow. He said yesterday
that be was too tired to prepare his Jdeci
sion. He will make a pretty full state
ment of his reasons.
No intimation is given as to what the
Governor's action will be, but there exists
no doubt in the minds of officials in other
State departments and among those pol
iticians who are closest and who "know,"
or claim to, that he wiil refuse lo inter
fere, and It is thought that the statement
now being prepared is to justify his action
with political friends of the parties who
are fignting to save Durrant'* life.
THOSE EXPLOSIVE MATCHES.
Miss McQuaide, the Teacher, Gives Her
Version of tho Affair.
Miss Catherine G. McQuaide, the teacher
of the eighth grade in the Washington
Grammar Night School, on Mason and
Washington streets, and Miss Nolan, the
principal, are endeavoring to ascertain
who among the pupils placed the bends
of parlor matches on the classroom floor
last Thursday. While the offense of it
self was not and is not regarded as being
very serious still it was a decided breach
of discipline that it will not do to tolerate.
Miss McQuade's pupils are good-sized
youngsters — in fact, almost men — their
ages being from 17 to 19. In her eight
years' experience as a teacher in that
night school that was the first annoyance
-In 1 had ever had. In speaking of the oc
currence the l?»dy said:
••It was not so very serious. Some of
the boys threw or dropped some ex plosive
parlor matches on the floor and wnen the
heads wee stepped npon the matches
made explosions. I had one boy gather
up all that could be found, and then I
questioned tiie class, but none would ac
knowledge having committed tho offense.
There are a large number of pupils in the
room who I know had nothing to do with
the matches, but there arg about fourteen
on the sus: ected list.
"I gave these boys until next Tuesday
to talk tue matter over among
themselves, and have the culprit
come forward so as to exonerate
the others who are under suspicion. If
NEW XO-DAT
irfciiiiFißiir
DRY GOODS SALE.
Our sale has been so successful that we are already in
a position to meet two of the Three Mortgages. One still
remains to be provided for. Our prices this week will be
smashed to accomplish the payment of the Third Mortgage.
50c All- Wool 46-inch Serge 25c 36-lnch Soft-finish White Muslin 5c
50c All-Wool Oxford Check 30c 7-4 White Linen Table Cloths. 50e
50c Figured English Mohair '.!5c 8-4 Red Damask Table Cloths s>c
75c Ficured Satin Soliel 50c | 36.ir.ch Silkalines, all Shades S^c
$1.00 University Checks 50c 20x36 Heavy Honeycomb Towels tie
$1.00 Heavy Pebble Cloth 75c 20x42 Fancy Pattern Towels 8c
$1.50 Silk-finished Crape Cloth $1.00 23x44 Heavy Linen Hnck Towels l. r >c
$1.75 Lizard Satin Soleil $1.00 58-inch Satin Damask Table Linen 29c
$1.25 quality 20-inch All-Silk Colored 60-inch Cream Damask Table Linen 3jc
Rhadames 50c 10c quality Canton Flanuel <%c
$1.25 Two-clasp Real Kid Gloves 85c Best qunlity Table Oilcloth l->c
$1.50 quality Satin Corsets $1.00 $8.00 California Lamb's Wool Blankets. .$4.50
75c Heavy Long Corsets 45c $4 00 White Marseilles Quilts $2 50
75c Extra-wide Pebble Dress Goods 35c 38-inch Art Denims 15c
38-inch Cream Cashmere 25s Big lot Fine Comforts half price
To-morrow morning at 8 o'clock we will place the
above goods, together with many other very desirable lots
too numerous to mention, on sale. Sale will continue dur-
ing the entire week at above quotations
JAMES M JMORAN & CO.,
1009, 1011, 1013, 1015 MARKET STREET,
NEAR SIXTH STREET, BETWEEN SIXTH AND SEVENTH.
NEW TO-DAY — DRY GOODS. .
LACE CURTAIN >
DEPARTMENT!
2000 PAIRS
DIRECT FROM THE LOOMS!
Housekeepers and the ; public gener-
ally are informed that we have just
. received a very large shipment of FISH
NET LACE CURTAINS in the very
latest designs. These Curtains are in
both White and Ecru and were pur-
chased by us from one of the largest :
Nottingham manufacturers under most
favorable circumstances.
The prices of above Curtains are J*
$1.25, $1.75, $2.00, $2.^0, $3.00,
$4.00, $4. 50 and $s\oo per pair.
NOTE— r
We have also opened this week our
last consignment for this season of Fine
Printed Irish Dimities, in the very new- o
est styles and colorings,
Price 25c a yard. V
See our window display.
t ftQ O wj^^^k iBF Job* J^^j^^ m o
111, 113, 115. 117. 119, 121 POST SThtti.
. ; i
they do not inform Dy Tuesday it is my
intention to inform Miss Nolan, the
principal, and let her investigate. The
boys or some one made a mistake in say
ing that I shut them out of the classroom
and reiused lo Jet them return to their
studies. I believe that by Tuesday some
of the boys will tell me all about the
matches, for I have always found boys of
their ages to be honorable.
"In this case there will be no punish
ment administered. All we want is to
preserve the good name and standing of
the night school, which have always been
excellent."
SHOET OP AVAILABLE HJNDS.
Postal .Employes Paid Off in Nickels
and Dimes.
About t>i)o employes of the Postoffice
were paid off yesterday, mostly in nickels
and dimes. At 2 o'clock in the aiternoon
payment, was suspended until 5 o'clock,
until sufficient deposits on money orders
had been made to pay off the remainder.
This peculiar episode was due to the
fact that the late Postmaster McCorpin
had deposited between $60,000 and $70,000
in the United States sub-treasury, and
Postmaster Doyle's check cnild not be
used without authority from Washington.
Some of the money was to be used to pay
off old debts of the office.
St. George's Picnic.
The Sons of S:. George will hold their sum
mer outing to-morrow at Sunset Park, Santa
Cruz Mountains. Complete preparations have
been made by the committee on arrangements
for the accommodation of all who wish to par
ticipate. Two trains Wi!l leave the Oakland
mole. nßrrow-gaufte, connecting with the 7:45
and 8:45 boats in the morning from this s.de.
Not That Derham.
Charles Darham, who was arrested for sell
ing bogus tickets of admission to the prize
fights held recently, was not the gentleman of
the same name who is a member of the Olym
pic Club and is Deputy Superintendent of
Streets, nor Is it any member of his family.
Furniture, '
Carpets,
Beddings.
BARGEST STOCK,
■ ARGFST STORE,
IOWEST PRICES.
Steel Ranges...... from $35.00 up
Stoves from $7.00 up
150 styles Oak Chiffoniers.from $4.50 up
j Refrigerators from $7.50 up
Oak Folding Beds from $10.00 up
Solid Oak Bed Sets from $17.50 up
500 Second-hand Carpets. from $4.50 up
300 rolls New Carpets. per yard 45c up
Linoleums per yard 35c up
Cash or Easy Time Payments.
TWO ACRES OF FLOOR SPACE PACKED.
J. NGONAN
1017-1019-1021-1023 Mission St.
516-518-520-532 Minna St. .
Above Sixth.
PHONE JESSIE 41
OPEN EVENINGS ■■ . ,
_
Close one eye and then the other J
IF Y9U CANNOT SEE EQUALLY WELL BOTH NEAR f
AND FAR CALL AND SEE -US
OPTICIANS photo^su^lies
.Scientific Instruments •o^
'JT 642 MARKET ST. W
undwCHROWCIE B'JILDING^
I Dr,Dolierty'sS^
Class of Cases Treated.
rnHEMKDICAL AND SURGICAL DISEASES
THE MEN, PRIVATE and CHKOMC DIS-
Of MEN, PRIVATK «nd CHHOMC DIS-
EASES, the KRRORS of Y OUT II. LOST MAN-
I HOOD, BLOOD DJSEASKS, from any cans?,
I KIDXKY and SKIN DJSEASKS, and MENTAL
ana PHYsicaL WEAKNESS privately, speedily
I and permanently -tared. Thirty years' practical
j experience, consultation free. Charges reasoc-
I able. . Patients in the country cured at home, call
or addreta
; DR. W. K. IJOIIKRTY,
850 Market. Street, San Fraucl»o«t
DR. WONG "WOO,
CHIN r SK PHYSICIAN AND :
\J surgeon, graduate of the most ; BffSnB\
j [nmou.l medical coliece in China.
I lias practiced his profeasirn in ■- I—^ J '
. ■"-an i"rancisco , for over twenty Rt> 3
i years with u.ar»ed succt-ss. 'fhi n- jr*r . ?'..
»ai.ds of pauents testify .to h s C^ok-
si;!Uanil knowledge. .Nature'sowu jrStSfS^.
medlunei used. .%o minerals. > l e^5Kir3PTS%7
■ cure?", not attempts to cure, !<hrn- fmJtf^J !
I matism P-ra.ysts. Piles, Dyspep- «'*»'«'W'.«l»
sia. Consumption Asthma, Kris;h 's and all Kid-
ney Diseases, £lin<ines3. Heart Diseaa?. ' Diseases
or the Throat, r Cancer, Tumors and Blood ami
6-k'n;: Diseases Male and tern Me maladies suc-
cessively treated and cured. Consultation frre.
Office, 776 clay si., \vh«-r he may be consulted m \
any time during the day or evening. Hours— 9*30 I
to 11 a. m, 1:30 to 3, 7to9P. m. *, I
"DR.MCNULTYT
ryuiS '.VKLL-KNOWX AND KKLrABLE OM>
.1 cures Private.Nervous, Blood and Skin
Diseases of Men only. Manly Power restore.! Over
-0 years' experience. Send for Book, free Patients
cured at Home. Terms reasonable. Hours 9to 8
<lailv;6:;» to B.3o ev'es. Sundays. 10 to 12. Consulta-
tion free and sacredly confidential. . Call oraddreaa
P. ROSS OS' HrXtLTT, M. ».,
:* S M KMrnj Street, Nan Franriico. C»I."S ban 1-rancisco there are
three peaceful spots
where our dead soldiers
are buried. The Na
tion's Cemetery at the
Presidio has one portion,
called the ex- veterans'
plat, in which only those
who fougnt in the late
Imon can De laid. The Odd Fellows'
letery also has a G. A. R. plat in
:h some sixty old soldiers are resting.
Besides these two there is a Grand Army
Cemetery — a portion of the City Ceme
tery—in which only the Grand Army
comrades are buried.
It is a strange experience to view these
places just before the National holiday,
when the friends of the deceased visit the
graves of their beloved, removing all that
does not look beautiiul and leaving tears
and loving thoughts to hover about the
tombstone in their absence. Up on the
high hills near to the Presidio, where the
winds can sigh at will and wander unmo
lested through the dark cypress trees and
then sweep out to sea again, to whisper
to the white-capped waves the story of
man's mortality, is one silent city. Its
white spires gleam in the sunshine and
the dark, even as the deeds of those
whose resting place they mark will shine
fair and white in war and peace as long as
the Nation endures.
Mound after mound rises in this fair
place, along the avenues bordered by the
gloomy cypress. Flowers are blooming—
not radiantly, but softly and modestly, as
though their very natures were in accord
with the place. And every grave is fair
and green — none neglected.
For this is a day for solemn duty and
not for festivity. It is no holiday, no
gala occasion on which to parade our
finery and babble away the spirit of levity
which constantly lies waiting under our
every-day cloak for special opportunities
to soar. The donning of another cloak
to-day means something else and some
thing greater than a preparation for
pleasure, notwithstanding the several
regretable indications to the contrary
which appear here and there in announce
ments of games, picnics and sporting
contests to be held amid the ministra
tions to the honored dead and to disturb
the solemn hush which should linger
lovingly and reverently over their graves.
Deplorable as it is that there be men s<
careless of their brothers' memory ii
death, and so heedtess of that gratefu
respect which is due to the bartle-slaii
patriot from those who live to enjoy th
fruits of his noble sacrifice as to spend i
boisterous sport the day set apart in hi
honor, there is a sense of gratifkatio
and dignity to be derived from the as
surance that the rest of us refuse t
make a holiday of it. We know it onl
ns a day on which to do our duty by th
d nd. And. it.fills us with peace and th
comforting knowledge of a duty we
don; to note that * "every grave is fair an
green — none neglected."
Odd Fellows' Cemetery has had ii
plat filled for some tim*\ No less fair i
it than the Presidio plat, and it differ
only in that a low fence separates it fror
the other portions of the cemetery. Thei
—,'■■.? . • ■■■■:■:■:' '-- ...-.-. . ■•■■■■ .\ - . . ' ',■■■ "■■'":' ;; ' ; •
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY MORNING, MAY SO, 1897.
mourners com? to view V the place and lay
their gift of flowers on the graves, while
memory softly traces across their faces
lines of grief,- longing' and bereavement. '
The third, and . last, the ' Grand Army
Cemetery, impresses one ■- as -the saddest
i spot of all. Viewing it from the car lines,
1 it looks so gloomy that instinctively you j
" walk slowly and solemnly up to the gate
and pass in with a -sigh. c There is the
same green grass covering mounds of the
same length and breadth and depth,' and
one begins to feel that fanciful preciseness
which is the chief horror of death. j| Here
I and there the mourners tread softly with
their baskets of blossoms and their . tear
stained : faces. There are '.i some new
mounds with just a few blades of -grass
. springing up into- God's ~ sunlight, a.nd
children strewing blossoms over them,
while the elders look on and weep. And
: he flowers that have lain a long while
look pitifully withered and faded, as
though they longed for the darkness of
oblivion. The fresh blossoms nestle their
fair faces into the warm grass and smile
themselves away— cheerful offerings to
courage.
And they wander in and out together,
all these human beings, for death brings
all to one level— the living as well as the
dead. The proud woman, in her cloak of
reserve, walked to the graves beside the
bowed mother broken in body and soul
by struggles with a conquering world.
There are the young with their careless
laughter and the old with their knowledge
af reality. The maimed and the halt,
snd even the blind— and all with the per
fume of the flowers in their nostrils, and
the knowledge of grief in their hearts— are
there.
But over all, mingling with the sunshine
and the passing breeze and pervading
everything, is the feeling of gratitude that
such men were buried there. The world
is better because they lived and nature
smiles at their return into her bosom.
It is hard to realize in the midst of all
this peace and beauty of nature that those
who were buried there were once young
and stalwart, once stood and listened to
the news of their country's trouble, and
casting all aside— future ambitions, hope,
love, home, everything that a mortal
holds dear, went bravely forth to
battle, to face death. Not one of us but
has heard the tales of weary marches, of
sleepless nights in dread places, of the
death of comrades and heartrending scenes
with loved ones.
And not one of these who returned to
finish their life in peace but brought with
him something to prove his courage.
To most of them it was broken health,
some complaint contracted in the dire ex
posure. Others had scars, but the kind of
scars that do not disfigure but beautify.
Little wonder is it, then, that a nation
honors them, and their countrymen are
proud to lay offerings upon their last
resting place. It is no wonder that loved
ones in great numbers gather about with
loving remembrance. Not a flower is
laid there but blossomed for them, not a
breeze sighs over the graves but brings
some message to them. Every beam of
sunshine is more warm on their grass
grown mound, for not one rests there v/ho
is not a hero.
i18
THE NATIONAL
CEMETERIES OF AMERICA.
Nearly half a million soldiers' graves
will be decorated in the cemeteries of the
United States to-day. .Krom the Atlantic
to the Pacific the Nation's heroes •will be
honored by a loyal and loving people.
.From the time the sun rises over the hills
of Maine until it sinks to rest beyond the
mountains of California the vast extent of
our land will echo with the bugle call and
the booming of cannon. The youth of
the Nation will get their best lesson in
patriotism when they . lay a wreath of
flowers on the stone that marks a soldier's
grave.- ? j^§QH
It is at the present time impossible to
state exactly, how many soldiers' graves
will be decorated to-day, as no record has
been made of them for several years.
When the last record was made there
were about 300,000 sleeping in the Na
tional cemeteries and probably 75,000
scattered in little graveyards all over the
country. . The accompanying map gives
the figures of the last record made.
Of course, the number oi graves has in
creased since then. The veterans have
become fewer and fewer. They have not
fallen as rapidly as they were mowed
down before the death-dealing fire of
Gettysburg, nor as they fell in the awful
charges of Bull Run, but their rank* have
been thinned by the grim reaper, ana for
each one that passed away there has
arisen another mound to be decorated to
day.
National cemeteries, as is, perhaps, well
known, are burying-places maintained at
the expense of the United States Govern
ment, and wherein only soldiers are
buried. Many of these are near some
military post, but by far the larger ones
are located in the vicinity of the big bat
tlefields. Some of the heroes were buried
near the spot where they gave up their ;
lives for their country, and numbers were
taken to as near their homes as possible.
In the National cemeteries near the bat
tlefields most of the graves are unnamed.
Only a number and a tiny stone tell where
a hero lies sleeping.
When sliells and shot mowed men
down by the thousand it frequently hap
pened that there were none left to iden
tify the bodies. In most cases it was
known to what company certain men Lad
belonged, although each could not be
identified individually, and in such cases
all are buried in groups and the names of
all the men who were missing after the
battle axe inscribed on a single shaft.
There are in all about ninety National
cemeteries in the United States and so
scattered that each presents an entirely
different appearance. Could pictures of
them be viewed one after another they
would present a panorama of our country.
Each characteristic would be shown.
There would be cemeteries far out on
sandy wastes where the sun beats down
mercilessly and the dry desert wind car
ries the hot sand in blinding clouds
over the shiny stones that mark the
graves. There would be cemeteries in
mountain wilds and on boundless western
prairies. There would be peaceful little
spots sheltered 'neath church towers, and
vast stretches of beautiful park where
thousands lie buried. Millions of people
will visit these cemeteries to-day and
when night comes each will be a perfect
bank of flowers.
The most easterly of the National ceme
teries is the one known as Cypress Hills.
It is located not far out of the city of
Brooklyn, and is a typical Eastern bury
ing place that contains some of the finest
monuments that are placed over soldiers'
graves in toe country. The natural aspect
of the country at Cypress Hills is some
what flat, but the cemetery has received
so much attention and art has done so
much for it that the flatness is not notice
able. It is a most beautiful spot, where
5000 heroes are buried.
Woodlawn is the name of the National
Coming up from the canyon, the other
morning, I walked into the midst of a
tragedy enacting under the sun. On the
roof of a bird box, where a pair of blue
birds had set up their lares and penates,
crouched a cat, reaching with murderous
paw into tne littie doorway in an en
deavor to pull the occupant out. Tbe
male bluebird was fluttering about in an
agony of helpless rage, from which I
THE NATURALIST
AT LARGE
AMONG THE BIRDS.
Judged that his little mate was within the
box.
I drove the cat away and presently saw
the other bird emerge, sadly ruffled, from
the opening. Then, watching, I discov
ered that the doorway was so blocked
with debris that neither of the pair could
re-enter. The little hen had just man
aged to squeeze herself through in getting
Cemetery of New York State. It is a
magnificent burying place on slightly
rolling ground, well kept and planted to
all sorts of flowers and evergreens. Over
3000 are buried hare.
A little further to the south and Na
tional cemeteries are very close together.
At Philadelphia there is a beautiful bury
, ing place, where about 2500 sleep, and just j
J to the northeast of town is pretty Beverly. J
out, so I procured a ladder and climbed
np to the box. Evidently toe birds re
garded this performance as the last drop
in their cup of disaster, for with a loud
cry tne female fled the scene. The
doughty little head of the bouse was made
of sterner stuff.
Round about my head he flew, uttering
cries of protest and distress. Once I
thought he was about to attack me, but I
persisted in my efforts until I had cleared
the doorway and came upon six pretty
blue eggs, still warm from contact with
the feathered mother's breast. Awk
wardly enough, I fear. ( retored some
thing like order and then. rieldg]as3 in
hand, retired behind a convenient tree to
await results. As soon as I left the box
the bluebird flew off, to return an instant
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 30, 1897.
Only 164 are buried here, bat it is one of
the most beautiful cemeteries in the coun
try—certainly the most beautiful of its
siz*.
In the immediate vicinity there is the
I Gettysburg cemetery, Antietam, Balls !
Bluff, Grafton and Winchester. All these '
i are much alike in general appearance. '
| About 14,000 are burled in all of them. i
The shores of the Chesapeake in Virginia !
later escorting his terrified wife. She
would not enter the best, but perched
upon a round of the ladder and sat a
picture of despair. With many a reas
suring chirp her mate flew about her.
Then he went into the box and presently
thrust his bead out from the opening and
called to her. After a little hesitation she
finally hopped cautiously to the entrance,
clung for a moment and at last disap
peared inside. Oat flew the male bird
and perching on a projecting splinter
looked anxiously in throueb tbe opening,
where she was evidently Udyinc up.
Anything prettier than his engaging
solicitude would te Lard to imagine. He
woui'.i flutter about the entrance, keeping
up a constant chirping. Two or ttrte
times he even entered and began to help.
are fairly lined with National cemeteries.
About 50.000 ara buried in this vicinity,
and the graveyards are almost exactly
alike in appearance. They are not as well
kept as some further north, but nature
has done so much in the way of luxuriant 1
vegetation that this is hardly noticeable.
The mo^t important of these cemeteries
are FredencKsburg, Arlington, Culpepper,
Richmond, Culd Haroor, Petersburg, York
The last time he came out in a hurry, evi
dently driven forth, but he took it in good
part, and, clinging to his splinter, con
tinued to waicu with every manifestation
of tender interest the process ot recon
struction. Once the little hen seemed
ready to give up in discouragement. She
came to the opening and made as if about
to fly away, but he pressed her gently
back, entered with her and pulled in some
horsehairs that had been drawn out. Then
out he came again, and, perched upon a
round of the ladder close beside the box,
began to sing. The performance was
heroic, for I do not believe there was
mucti song in his anxious little heart just
then. His mate looked out once or twice.
One could read her perturbation in her
ruftkd feathers and frightened eyes. Evi
town and Annapolis. Most of them have
streams of water running through them
that greatly add to their natural beauty.
In North Carolina the most important
National cematery is Salisbury. Nearly
! 13,000 are buried here. This cemetery is
located in a spur of a mountain range and
is a most beauMul spot. In general ap
pearance it is entirely different from any
I other National cemetery in the country.
dent'y her nerves had received a great
shock. But her mate's song seamed to
soothe her, and finally I couid see
that she had settled down upon her
eggs. Then the brave little husband
Hew to a branch of a tree, at the trunk of
which I stood. I could not see him, but
six times within the fifteen minutes fol
lowing I caw the timid mother bird thrust
her head oat and gaze anxiously about,
and each time I heard a reassuring call
from the branch above me. The sixth
time he left his perch, flew down and en
tered the box, remaining fal some min
utes, then, reissuing, took ud his station
on a perch which I had nailed up close
beside the nest. I removed the ladder,
lest grimalkin take it as an invitation to
renew her attack.
From almost any part of it a view extend
ing over miles and miles of country that
in war time was the scene of many impor
tant battles can be obtained. It is a most
impressive place to visit at any time of
the year. The other cemeteries in North
Carolina are Raleigh, New Bern© and
Wilmington. About 7000 are buried in
these three.
Almost at the southern tip of South
Carolina is the most beautiful National
! cemetery in the country. It is known a3
i Beaufort and about 10.000 are buried there.
I Although it is in South Carolina, Beau
! fort might be said to belong to Savannah,
Ga. The perfect city of the South is just
a Jew miles away, across the river that
divides the two States, and it is from there
that the crowds of people will come who
will decorate its graves to-day. Hundreds
of the :-ons of Savannah are buried in
Beaufort.
In general appearance Beaufort might
be said to be a typical Southern cemetery.
It is kept In the most perfect order, and
i looks like a glimpse oi a tropical paradise.
i Broad drives of a beautiful red gravel
| extend beneath over-arching oaks and
! sycamores, from which long streamers of
moss depend. Palms of many kinds grow
on all sides, and the air is heavy with the
perfume of magnolias. Hsre and there
are tiny lakes, bordered by smooth green j
lawns. There are some magnificent
monuments raised over the graves of
famous soldiers in thiß cemetery; but just
a3 much care and attention is given to the
nameless graves that are marked only by
a small stone and a number.
For picturesqueness the National ceme
tery at Et. Augustine. Florida, takes first
rank. It is on the site of an old Spanish
burying placo, and many are the quaint
graves'and tombstones to be seen there.
Surrounded by a very old stone wall,
within sound of the breakers and filled
with tropical plants and dreamy lagoons,
it is at one« beautiful and interesting.
It was in the afternoon ol that same
day that, passing near there, I saw father
bluebird still sitting, sentinel-like, upon
the eucalyptus branch opposite his home
Suddenly his mate flew up upon the
branch, bat a little distance sway from
where he sat. Instantly he was beside
her. She must have told him something,
for down he flew to the nest while she re
mained outside. Presently he came out
and with a sort of whoop flew off, she
rushing after him. When they returned.
ono behind tho other, each bird carried
dordething in its bill, from which I in
ferred that one or more of the little birds
had left the shells.
One of the most interesting features of
bird life is the atrong sense o: fatherhood
which so many of these creatures mam
About 1500 are buried here, and the
Decoration day ceremonies are always of
a most iruptessive nature.
The National cemetery of Chaluiette,
near New Orleans, 13 one of the best,
known burying-places in the country.
Thirteen thousand are buried here. Chal
mette is located on the shore of a bayou
and presents somewhat the appearance of
a swamp with driveways through it.
There are several lakes in it, and in many
instances the craves are very close to the
water. Decoration day is always exten
sively observed here, but for one reason
or another the graves are decorated with
flowrri and evergreens tha greater part of
the year.
The largest National cemetery in the
country is at Vicksburg, Miss. About
17,000 are interred here, but the place ha 3
rather a depressing effect on one who
visits it for the tirst time, it is so vast and
so suggestive of :tie horrors of death.
There is a melancholy aspect to it
that it is impossible to shake off. Near
by is the cemetery at Natchez, where 3203
are buried. In the immediate viciniiv
are the cemeteries of Port Huuson, Baton
Rouge and Alexandria. All through this
part of the country Decoration day is
mo=t extensively observed. In nearly
every graveyard there are several soldiers
buried, and the sentimental nature of the
people causes uiueh attention to be given
to the ceremonies.
From Anderson Pille, Ga., and following
a sort of curve to Little Rock, Ark., there
is a line of cemeteries where nearly 100,000
soldiers are buried. These are all very
much alike in appearance and are not as
well cared for as those In other parts of
;he country. The principal ones of this
group are Memphis, Nashville, Jhatta
nooga and Marietta.
There is a little group of cemeteries in
Kentucky where about 8000 are buried,
but the observances of the day here are
ai ways very sad. More old people will bo
seen at these ceremonies than in any
j other cemetery in the country. They
still remember their lost sons, and even at
this late day old, white-haired negroes
will frequently be seen weeping and cry
ing for "young marsa."
A National cemetery that is very little
known is Jefferson Barracks, located
about eighteen miles below St. Louis, Mo.
Over 11,800 are buried hera, and the ceme
tery is one of the grandest sites in the
world. It is about 300 feet above the
Mississippi, on the west bank, and com
mands a view in all directions over the
bottom lands. This cemetery is remarka
bly well kept, although it does not con
tain as many trees as one feels ought to be
there.
The National cemeteries of the West are
sad places. Most of them are absolutely
barren and are distressing in the extreme.
The one at San Antonio, Tex., is of this
character, although of late years an at
iempt has been made to improve It.
Nearly all the "Western cemeteries are
small.
The National Cemetery on the Custer
battlefield in Dakota is perhaps the
strangest burying-piace in all the world.
It is a most barren spot, containing an
enormous marble shaft, with 414 graves
I grouped around it. The strange thing
about this cemetery is that all those sleep
ing there were kiiled on the same day.
The National Cemetery of San Fran
cisco is, as all know, located at the Pre
sidio, and is so near ai hand that a de
scription of it would be superfluous here.
StiiJ, it might bs well to remark that it is
most picturesquely located and kept in
the best of order. About 350 are Interred
here.
It is not generally known, but tha
United States maintains a National feme
terv at the City of Mexico. Of course tha
6184 buried there are the victims of tha
Mexican war.
fest. We are apt to think exclusively of
the patient little mothers hovering day
after day in the narrow nests, growing
ruffled and shabby from neglect of their
toilets. One can always tell a setting bird
from her disordered plumage. 3<it no
matter how disheveled arid peevish the
feathered mothers become the gallant
little fathers seem never to notice it. They
come and go, bringing dainty tidbits t o
their ladies, singing; to them to whiitt
away the long hours, and in every war
manifest their pride and solicitude. It
mast D 9 conceded that the majority of
them get a good deal of snubbing at thn
time, but they seem to mate duo allow
ance for feminine nerves, and I have
never seen one of them resent harshnes«
from his mate. Adeline Knapp.. __ . , . . . \\^p/ .■ ■ ■ ~^~ " ~~~
y^^^^s^^^*t^^^ It was with the view of securing for a front cover a design
//^^^^Jj^y^r symb olic of the Golden State that the University of California
/(f'^j^—^T^—^jZ^^ Magazine recently held a prize art contest. It was an absolute
111 I^W * ICfLJ^LJ o ndit ;on of the award that the conception of the design be
 ' -■ OR--CAWFORKIAfIg
|]N!V!H§II¥ |^^3#^m?^li
/\ASI/V£.lnlL. Lj^l
(BBjffflß j^#^
UNCLE SAM'S BIG REINDEER FARMS.
From all that can be learned, it would seem as if UieUnited States Government's
experiment of breeding reindeer in Alaska has turned into a failure. Certain it is
that it has prored to be a disappointment at one station and the animals are known
to have not "done wt 11" at the other, but the exact state of affairs cannot be learned
until the revenue cutters get bac£ from the Arctic nexi fall.
The experiments of breeding reindeer must be conceded to be the greatest enter
prise of a paternal nature ever undertaken by the United States Government. It
ranks in importance with the "Freedraen's" schools which were established during
the CiviJ War for the purpose of educating the negroes, althougn it is not likely thai
the. cost ran so high. There is no doubt, however, tha: both of them took vast sums
of money.
A crsual estimate of the amount of money spent on the reindeer enterprise
would place it at about $2,000,000. It is to be hoped that all this is not lv,st, as in that
event there would be great discouragement to such enterprises in the future.
It is about seven years since the reindeer experiment was hm heard of and the
■ mount of attention and work that has been given to it since then is enormous.
Considerable mention was made of it in the newspapers for a couple of years after
the enterprise was started, bnt lately the subject seems to hove been forgotten.
The man who started the experiment so hopefully is now the first to declare it a
failure, on one station at least.
Tbe cause which prompted the enterprise was, as everybody might Know, the scar
city of draught animals in Alaska. Horses and mules couid not stand the climate
except in very few sections, and then they needed great care and comfortable stabling,
which two essentials are not easy to provide in a country that is frozen up during the
greater part 'of the year. Does, of course, were to be had in plenty and the little
feKows were able to do good work, but not of the kind demanded. They could drag a
email sled with a miner's outfit on it for miles and miles over hnrd, frozen snow;
but when it came to drawing heavy machinery they were not equal to the task. Some
other animal was needed. Oxen were tried, and failed worse than horses, owing to
their weight, which made them sink deep in soft snow.
The Government officials realized that if Alaska were to be improved and event
THE REVENUE CUTTER BEAR WAITING FOR A CARGO OF REINDEER AT THE EDGE
[From a photograph taken at the time by one of the Bear's officers.]
n«ily become a State worthy of a stand.
fats with the others in the Union some
draft animal must be provided. As in
every other new country the transporta
tion problem here was of the first consid
eration, and when David Johnson advo
cated the importation and breeding of
reindeer for this purpose his idea met
with ready approval.
Mr. Johnson was a man of vast experi
ence in the Northwest, and knew all about
reindeer and where they were t) be ob
tained. They were not indigenous to that
part of Alaska where they were needed, j
but there seemed no reasons- why they
should not thrive there. In fact, it seetued
as if they shuuld do splendidly, as the
climate was milder than in Siberia, their
native country.
The work done by reindeer in Siberia is
wonc'e-fu!. A pair of males in good health
have oeen known to draw a sleigh con
taining six people and considerable bag
gaeeover 30 miles through a raging snow
■torm in a day. Th J are not very heavy,
OF AN ICE PACK.
KEEPERS' HOUSE AT PORT CLARENCE REINDEER STATION.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, 31 AY 30, 1897.
T H i UNIVERSITY
\>&s*> OF O>^/
CALIFORNIA
AAGAZINE
■P* '"•' vVEMf^Mft aEBSiBw v ~^m
m* \ . vSBvV I mSSSt £ pBMHSSf^ t *4w\
Californian in its tenor. A ready response was received from
twenty- four artists with homes stretching from San Francisco
to New York.
A further condition was that the contestants be in some
way, directly or indirectly, connected with the State University,
and thus the contest was limited to the confines of the institu-
tion. From the Mark Hopkins Art Institute came the greater
portion of the work submitted, while from the class in indus-
trial drawing at Berkeley a number were received. It was a
coincidence that in the sealed contest Sidney Armer of the
Mark Hopkins school should receive the first prize and that
L. N. Scammon of the Berkeley department the second prize,
the San Francisco department being first and the Berkeley
school second in rank.
On the whole the designs reflected much credit upon the
originality and artistic conceptions of the competitors. Many
that were meritorious from an artistic standpoint fell short of
the stated requirements for pure black and white, some being
colored, others being too fine in detail for reproduction, while
others were too pictorial in effect to produce that reitfulness to
the eye that comes only from the simple and the unpretentious.
The conception of the first-prize winner is excellently
wrought and is a worthy creation both from the point of view
need little food and appear to be indifferent to cold. In addition they are tractable
as horses, and always willing to wort. To put it plainly they are Jo»t what is needed
i i Al&sku
Of course there was considerable red tape to be gone through with before Congress
made tbe necessary appropriations, but after that was done the work went on
smoothly. _
The revenue cutter Bear was detailed on the work, and started from San Francisco
early in 1800. The wort done in the summer of that year was simply to select points
for stations, in which some assistance was given by the survey steamer Patterson.
Five stations were selected, the principal ones being Port Clarence and leller station.
The lollowing year, 1891, buildings were erected and a few reindeer brought to
their new homes from the northern shores of Siberia. Crews were procured for these
stations and left with enough provisions to last them until spring. On the Govern
ment books the keepers of these stations had about the same standing as lighthouse-,
keepers, although the pay was much smaller. Most of the crews were Esquimaux.
In 1892 the revenue cutter Bear was in the north early. The reindeer that had
been left at the different stations the previous fall were found in the best of condition,
and if any change was observable it was an improvement. The animals seemed good
natured and contented, consequently the officers of the Bear felt encouraged to pro
ceed with the work. During that summer the Bear made two trips to Siberia
and came back each time loaded with reindeer. On one trip 178 were obtained
in Siberia and 175 landed in good condition at Port Clarence. Three died on the
trip, whicn is considered a remarkably small number considering how much the
animals were out of iheir element while on shipboard.
The officers of the Bear had no trouble in obtaining all the reindeer they wanted
on any of their trips. They got most of them in exchange for rifles, ammunition,
provisions and articles of clothing.
Last fall when the U. S. cutters got back from the Arctic the officers stated that the
deer were not doing very well. They had not bred as rapidly as was expected and
seemed to be ailing in different ways. It is apparent now that the trouble must hare
been serious it that time as the following dispatch, which has already appeared in
the San Francisco newspapers, will show:
TACOMA.Wash., May 23.— David John
son, who has been in Northwestern
Alaska for six years, has just arrived on
tbe Sound en route to Chicago on a vaca
tion. He reports the Government's herd
of reindeer in the vicinity of Teller station
dying at an alarming rate from "footrot."
Many that do not die have to be killed
because of the decaying of their feet.
Although the dispatch only refers to
Teller station it is quite probable that iht
same or a similar state of affairs prevails
at the other stations. The conditions are
about the same at all of the stations.
There are spring thaws that leave the
ground wet. Tni3 causes all trie trouble,
aa the reindeer, accustomed to the hard
ice and snow of Siberia, suffer from damp
ness. It is to be hoped that something can
be done to save the herds. If they could
be removed to a place in the mountains
where there is snow all the time the
trouble might be overcome. This would,
of course, cost large sums of money, but
better spend that than have tbe enter
prise turn out a flat failure.
of originality and of adaptiveness. A cut of the same is show
in figure 1. \ '. - , ;  , v
, No. 2of ; the designs, though from the point of view of its
conception it is wholly and radically opposed to the first, still
possesses two features of California — the fruits and the flowers.
In the upper panel )is a row of *, eschscholtzias, while in the
lower is to be seen the festive grape. ' : '.-. ■-■
A third design was- that submitted by Mrs. Alice Curtis of
Oakland. . It is of rare merit, but the lines are too fine and the
details too numerous for successful reduction to the scale
required. ; In the awarding, this design was placed first on the
list of those' receiving honorable mention.
A fourth design was that of !• Miss Maud Wilkinson of .
Berkeley. » The title; of the publication is surrounded .' by
eschscholtzia in bold lines, but in some parts it |isj so highly
conventionalized that its relation to the original is lost sight of.
While the design lacks balance and /equal distribution, the ac-
curacy with which the details are executed make it worthy of
honorable mention. . ~ •
In the remaining designs offered, various other features of
California life, places, events f and prod acts were depicted. In
one is a croup of the university buildings, in another two
grizzly bears supporting a medallion on which is inscribed the
university emblem, on another is a Jesuit of 1770, and beside
mm m j^^^maßOu 'M (■) tl 1 X t ■■ -^^BW
V# b M^sSf , 1 <fp Hl J/ * V MrL^^r^s^m
■ I ■ mT - J m jy j£ ' Bf
A Postmaster-General in the Golden State.
One of the many valuable historical
documents which the late Frank McCop-
I>iti had in his possession was an order
establishing the office nf Postmaster-Gen
eral in California in 1848. Very few people
are aware that California, a mere State,
ever boasted a Postmaster-General. Wil
liam V. Voorhies was his name, and, by
virtue of the commission he held from the
chief of the Postoffice Departmental Wash
ington he was authorized to establish
and maintain a postal system west of the
Rocky Mountains. This was nearly filty
years ago. The result of his labors has
been practically obliterated by the rapid
growth and development of tho Pacitic
Slope and his identity lost sight of, until
a historical document came to light the
other day which on its face shows the re
sponsible and stupendous task he under
took to perform.
The document referred to is the com
mission of William V. Voorhies from
the then Postmaster-Genera), C. Johnson,
"to act as agent for the United States
Government in making arrangements for
the establishment of postoffices and for
the transmission, receipt and conveyance
of letters in California." It is dated No
vember 1, 1848, and subsequent events
show that "Agent" or Postmaster-General
Voorhies was not long in getting into the
held.
The interesting old relic came recently
into the possession of Postmaster McCop
pln, it having been sent to him by a gen
tleman living in Sonoma. Where the com
mission has been since the time of Mr.
Voorhies would be hard to tell, the last
owner merely writing that he found it
stowed away in an old trunk, ana had no
knowledge as to how long it had been
there or where it came from.
It is a curious old document, written in
a girlish hand, upon legal cap paper, and
neatly tied with green ribbon, from which
the luster has long since faded. They did
not have typewiiting machines in those
days, but there can be no rightful com
plaint on that score, for the cbirography
is exceedingly legible, despite its age.
The commission itself is interesting
reading, as it outlines tne establishment
of a postal system in California thai could
grow and expand wilh the growth and ex
pansion of the country without entailing
an extra expense at any time on the
country. The document reads aa follows:
him a miner of 1849, with the Mission Church ann the gold
fields behind them, while still another has for its central
features two students — a boy and a girl — representing co-educa-
tion.
Still others are wrought in fanciful manners, wherein
figures of men, after the Aubrey Beardsley style, are the
features. One particularly meritorious design represents the
maiden "California" springing forth full grown from the Heart
of a beautiful srolden poppy.
Taking the contest as a whole, it is the general expression
of opinion that great credit is reflected upon the art depart-
ments of the State University. Botn from the standpoint of
originality and accuracy of detail, some of the designs offered
rival closely the work of Eastern schools of longer standing and
greater facilities. Will C. Russell.
Beginning November 1, 1399, Vienna will make its own
eas. The fifty years' lease of the gas company expires then.
The city recently proposed to buy the works, but the corDor
ation asked too hitrh a price. Vienna then arranged to build a
municipal plant, and the company promptly capitulated.
Postofkice Department,)
November 1, 1848. {
Sir: Being authorized by an act of Congress
approved 14th August. 1848, to employ an
agent in making arrangements for the estab
lishment,of postoffices and for the transmis
sion, receipt and conveyance of letters in
California, I hereby appoint you such agent.
The duties with which you are to be charged
will not be confined to any one branch of the
department. They will embrace whatever
may appertain to the operations of the con
tract, appointment and fiscal bureaus of the
department in California.
A route having been created by law and the
same being put in operation by the employ
ment of steamships extending along the
whole coast of Caltfornia, your first duty will
be to proceed to the selection of suitable per
sons for Postmasters at San Diego, San Pedro,
Santa Barbara, San Luis Obispo and Monterey
and at such other points on the Pacific at
which the United States steam mail packets
shall touch as may need such appointments.
For San Francisco a Postmaster has already
been appointed— Samuel York At Lee Esq. —
who will repair by the first opportunity to
that place. Of course, you will not take steps
for appointing Postmasters at any of the
above named places on finding that the ap
pointments would be inexpedient or unneces
sary by reason of not having a mail supply or
for any other cause.
On making such selection you will report
the same to the department at Washington
for appointment, in the meantime placing tne
nominee in the performance of the duties of
his office by a temporary letter of appoint
ment, signed by yourself, to cease on receiv
ing a commission from the Postmaster-Gen
eral or official information ;.hat the appoint
ment has been refused. With your report of
the nomination of any postmaster you will
forward his band, duly executed by himself
and sureties, certified by you to be sufficient
and filled with such an amount as you shall
deem adequate for the case. You will also
cause him to be duly sworn on entering upon
his duties.
You will make report by every mail of the
condition and prospects of the business under
your charge, and will be careful at the expira
tion of each quarter to render those official
returns which « ill show the state of all pecu
niary arrangements of the department in Cal
ifornia, and the indebtedness and credits of
each party, whether postmaster, contractor or
others; and to keep the PoUmaster-General
advised from time to time of the itate and prog
ress of settlements in the country, and what
routes should ba created by law to furnish
them with the mail.
The postage for California is 40 cents on
each single letter (which is a letter not ex
ceeding hall an ounce in weight) between any
place in California and any place on the At
Vienna Will Make Her OWrv Qas.
lantic coast, and| 12> 2 cents between any
places on the Pacific. Double, treble letters
and so on, will be cbargable with double,
treble and ihe like increase in rates. lam re
spectfully, your obedient servant,
C. Johnson, Postmaster-General.
William V. Vookhies Esq., Present.
Evidently when Mr. Voorhies arrived
in California he found that his chief in
formation on the needs of the country
was incorrect, for although he established
nine postottices in this State during 1849,
only one point suggested by Postmaster-
General Johnson was included in the list.
Of course the rush of gold-hunters which
occurred about that time must have had
some effect upon the selection of settle
ments that could support postoffices ac
cording to the Postmaster-General's ideas.
The points at which offices were located
in 1849 are as follows: Monterey, Salt
Lake, Vernon, Stock on, San Jose, Colo
ma, Sacramento City, Benicia and So
noma.
It was not until April, 1849, that San
Francisco had a postmaster. Samuel
Yorke At Lee, the gentleman mentioned
in the commission, refused to venture into
the far West, as did also Stephen J.
Dallas, who was appointed twelve days
later and John W. Geary commissioned
January 22, 1849. Jacob B. Moore finally
accepted the appointment or Postmaster
at San Francisco, assuming the duties of
office April 18, 1849. He served until
March 26, 1853, when he was succeeded by
Thomas J. Henley. Since then the :ol
lowins postmasters have served in tn-s
City, the date of appointment being after
their names:
Charles L. Weller, July 10, 1854; Sam
uel H. Parker, April 4, 1861; Richard F.
Perkins, January 25. 1864; Holland Smith,
July 25. 1868; James Coey, May 31, I860;
N. B. Stone, May 17, 1870; James Coey,
March 30, 1874; Samuel Backus. May £2.
1882; W^tem J. Bryan, June 21, 1886;
Samuel Backus, May 14. 1890; Frank Me-
Coppin, August 4y 1894, who held the
office until his death last Wednesday.
William V. Voorhies served as Post
master-General of the Pacific Coast until
1860, when he returned to tne East, finally
settling in Ohio, where he died a few
years ago. Colonel J. D. Fry*, now presi
dent ol the California Safe Deposit and
Trust Compony, whs connected with the
Pacific Const department of tbe postal
snrvice and served several yean under
Mr. Voorhies.
19no_textno_text20
EVENTS OF THE
WEEK IN SOCIETY.
Socially next week is to bo given over en
tirely to fashionable weddings.
On Tuesday, June 1, Miss Minnie Burton,
daughter of Colonel George H. Burton, and
Lieutenant Thomas A. Fearce will be married
at the residence of the bride's parents, 2111
Pacific avenue.
Rev. George E. Walk, rector of Trinity
Cnurcb, will officiate at the ceremony, which
will take place at 1 :30 r. M. in the presence of
a limited number of relatives and intimate
friends cn!y. A reception will follow from 2
till 4 o'clock. The bride will be attended by
her sisters, Misses Leila and Katro Burton.
Lieutenant William A. Sells, U. S. A., will be
best man. Lieutenant I'earce will take his
bride to Fort Logan, Colorado, where he is
stationed.
Another Interesting wedding on Tuesday
will be that of Miss Helen Elizabeth "Wright,
Mster of Hallock Wright, arid Charles Lott
Davis, which will take place at noon at St.
Mark's Episcopal Church on Bancroft way,
Berkeley. Frederick H. Pierson will be best
man. The bridesmaids will be Miss Ella
Holmes and Miss Catherine Warfield, and the
ushers will comprise Van Zandt Hedley,
George Russell Field, George B. de Long and
T. Dnnforth Boerdman. A wedding' breakfast
will ba served at the residence of Mr. and Mrs.
Paxton Wright for the bridal party, and rela
tives.
The principal event of social interest on
Wednesday will be the nuptials of Miss Ethel
Cohen and Lieutenant Bent, the full particu
lars of which have already been published in
these columns.
Another fashionable wedding will be that of
Miss Mary MePherson Collier and Faxon Ather
ton Macondray, which will be celebrated at
8:30 o'clock next Wednesday evening at the
home of the bride's father, Captain William
Bell Collier, in Lakeport, Lake County. Miss
Dorothy Collier will act as maid of honor, and
the bridesmaids will comprise Miss Sarah
Collier, Miss Margaret Collier., Miss Mollie
Tftomas, Miss Emily Carolan and Miss Edith
Mcßean. Gerald Rathbone is to be the best
man, and Henry Macondray, Edward J. Prin
gle, Frank Van Ken, Robert M. Eyre, Henry
Poett ana Latham McMulUn will be the ushers.
Miss Anna Grube and Harry Durbrow will
be married on Wednesday evening at the resi
dence of Mr. and Mrs. Henry Williams, 1925
Octavia street, It is to be an extremely quiet
affair, and only relatives will be present.
Mrs. Thomas Magee Jr. and Mrs. William A.
Magee gave a lawn party last Thursday on the
grounds of the Hay wards Clubhouse, in honor
of their two sisters, the Misses Florence and
Jean Marie Hush. Music and the service of
refreshments made the affair very enjoyable,
among those present were:
Miss Florence Sharon, Miss Blanche Sharon,
Miss Irene Baker, Miss Genevieve Fore, Miss
Harriet Kiitredge, Miss Margaret Sinclair,
Miss Annie Clay, Miss Grace Gorrill, Miss
Bessie Palmer, Miss G.ace Sanborn, Miss
Beatrice Vrooman, Miss £tia Havens and Miss
Grace Baldwin.
THEY'RE ENGAGED.
Betrothals Made Public During
the Past Week.
Miss Bessie Bernstein and Louis Stein will
receive their friends this Sunday, May 30,
from 2to 5 clock, at 2003 Pine street.
The engagement is announced of Miss Jose
phine Gensler to E. E. Krfigen. They will be
pleased to receive their friends tu'.s. Snnrtay
in' it:ioo-i, May 30, from 2 to 5 o'clock, 309
Golden Gate avenue.
WEDDING BELLS.
Two Interesting Church Cere
monks of the Past Week.
There was a pretty wedding on Monday even
ing at at. Mary's Cathedral on Van Ness avenue,
the contracting parlies being E. H. Gleeson
and Miss Chlorind;i Peraia.
The churcii was prettily decorated for the
occasion. The floral embellishments were con
fined to the sit tar, which was handsomely
dressed with white and piuk rcses, and beauti
fully illuminated.
Rev. Father Joseph M. Gleason performed
the, impressive ceremony. Miss Kate Males
].ina was maid of honor and J. J. Gleeson,
brother of the groom, otiiciated as best man.
After the ceremony there was a bridal sup
per for the members qt the bridal party, rela
xives and immediate friends at the new home
«>f the young couple, corner of Broadway and
Hyde street-
Mr, and Mrs. Gleeson lelt on Tuesday for an
extended southern bridal trip.
Tne wedding of Miss Bessie Coyne, daughter
of Mr. and Mrs. D. Coyne, and Thomas F.Wise,
manager of the Eagla Pharmacy, took place
Monday evening, May 17, at St. I'nul's Church.
The church was prettily decorated with Ber
muda lilies and smilax, and a threat number of
the friencis of the youusj couple were present
to witness the ceremony, which was performed
by Rev. Father M. l>. Connolly. Miss Mamie
Coyne was the bridesmaid, mid Peter Wise
acted as best man. Aftel the ceremony the
nev,-ly married couple left for Bs.n JnEe, where
they will pass their honeymoon. When they
return they will reside at a 317 Mission street.
HOME GATHERINGS.
Receptions, Dinners and Dances of
the Past Week.
Mr. and Mrs. A. D. Spllvalo gave a dinner
last Sunday, May 23, to celebrate their wed
ding anniversary. The dining- room" was
beautifully decorated with garlands of greens
and sweet pea* and the tables with smilax
and roses.
The following guests were present: Mr. and
Mrs. L. Phillips, Mrs. C. Reynolds, Mrs. M.
Taaffe, Mrs. Charles Xougues, Mrs. F. Porte
ner, Miss Pauline Dreyfuss, Miss Kate Spli
valo, Miss Roselyn Splivalo, Miss E3tello
Splivalo, J. Allen Parsons, H. McClaughry,
Burbank Somers, 11.. Veeder, P. Remillard, it.
Bersoln, Dr. Charles Rudolph, P. J. Sanchez,
E. Vinzent, Dr. E. Barrottl, A. D. Splivalo Jr. |
E. Splivalo.
The Hotel Mateo gave a dance last evening,
■which was largely attended and which was a
most enjoyable affair. ;<-•:-
A very enjoyable surprise party was ten
dered to Mr. ana Mrs. J. Davis nt their resi
dence, 58 Minna street, on Sunday evening,
May 23, by their nephew, William Davis, tne
occasion being the twenty-fifth anniversary
of their marriage. . Music, dancing
and singing occupied the early part
of the evening. At midnight the guests
adjourned to _ the dining- room, which
■was tastefully ~ decorated for - the occa
sion, ' and partook 'of an • elaborate supper.
Among those present were: Mr. ana Mrs. J.
, Davis, Mrs. R. Harris, Mrs. C. Davis, Mrs. H.
Cohen, and Mr. and Mrs. W. Davis. Mr. and
Mrs. L. Harris, Mr. and Mrs. J. Neusdorfer, Mr.
and Mrs. H. Tomasky, Mr. and Mrs. Coleman,
Mr. and Mrs. Harrison.
On the evening of the 15th inst. a delight
ful reception was tendered to Miss Alice Gary
by her many friends at her residence, 332
Twenty-seventh street. The ! spacious parlors
and dintng-hsll had been beautifully deco
rated for the occasion with roses, palms, ferns
and lanterns, and the ettect was decidedly
charming.
During" the evening vocal selections were
rendered by the Misses A. and L. Atchison,
Mr. Black and Mr. Dumont, and Messrs. W.
and H. Gillogley and C.Donaldson. Comic
specialties were given by Clifford, E. Loughery
and C. Otto.
Master Cohlman Crown celebrated his
thirteenth birthday *at his home, 528 Hayes
street, Sunday, May 1(>. The : house was ele
gantly- decorated. After enjoying games and
dancing an elaborate supper was served. Those
present were: Miss Nettie Ankle, Cohlman
Crown; Miss Helen B. Crown, Meiville Joseph,
Miss Lulu Crown, Harry Levy, Miss Fannie
Crown, Sam Crown, Miss Irene Waldheimer,
Harry Markowitz, Miss May Coho, Jerome
Frieaberg, Miss Leanie Breslauer, Sylvan
Rosen blurn, Miss Lillie Altfield, Aaron Levy,
Miss Esther, Markowitz, Miss Bertie Asher,
Miss Miriam Label, Miss Charlotte Label, Miss
Helen Crown, Miss Charlotte Crown.
On Friday evening last Miss Lillian Curtiss
of Sutler street gave amusicalein honor of
Miss Tessie Riordau. : The spacious parlors
were beautifully decorate.l for the occasion,
and delightful music was furnished.- :-'■-'
A surprise birthday party was given to M. A.
Lyons at bis residence, JB§3. eijjs street, on
Thursday evening. ose present were:
.fumes S'ewbauer, Sic Newtwuer, San Nev.
bauer, Jessie Newbauer, Louis Newbauer. Eu
cene Kewbaner, L. Waterman, Sam Waterman,
I j:iins ilecht, Julius Weyhain, L..H. Danhauer,
M. Bali in, Thomas Godsil, Joe Housman, Mark
Cole, Mr. and Mrs. J. H. Tait, Miss Hermine
Knur. Miss Bessie Kocten, Miss K. Ilegan, Mrs.
J. M. Goodnll. Mrs. McCrellis, Miss Aclele Me-
Creliis, Miss E. Burria.
A very enjoyable birthday party was held at
the residence of Mr. and Mrs. C. J. Kelly, 732
Filbert street, on Wednesday last, in honor of
the tenth anniversary ot their dauchter May.
Those present were: The Misses Anita Gran
dola, Ciara Landucci, Rosie Isenberg, Bruuetta
Marchetti, Adelina Marcbetti, May Kelly, Jes
sie Keliy. Anita Kelly, Mrs. G. Chapiot and
Mrs. Garcia.
CLUB PARTIES.
Fashionable Organizations Enter
tain Their Friends.
One of the most enjoyable outings of the sea
son was that given under the auspices of the
Xouveaute Club, last Sunday, at the residence
of Miss Julia Herzog at San Rafael. The guests
made the journey in a special car chartered
for the occasion, and upon arriving were taken
in band by Miss Herzojr, who is one of the
prominent members oi the club.
The spacious grounds were placed at the
disposal of the club, refreshments were served
in one of the large arbors of the garden and ali
enjoyed themselves with singing and dancing
on the lawn. Missß. Lobree is president and
Miss S. Levenson is secretary of the Nouveaute
Club.
The Fijis gave a most enjoyable and select
social on Thursday, May 27, at 8 P. M., at
Shiels building, 32 O'Farrell street. The mem
bers of the club are Messrs. Macauley, Simp
son, Sharpe, Mitchell and Basch.
Tne Varsovienne Fortnightly Club gave .i
social on Saturday evening, May 29, at 1901
Post street.
The F. N. B.s gave their second annual 'Dus
ride to Crystal Springs Sunday, May 23. A
most enjoyable time was spent in dancing and
games. Those who journeyed to the springs
were: Miss Eva Kactarini. Miss Nellie Perez,
Miss Gertrude Laboree, Miss Louisa Naccartnl,
BORDERING ON A SEASON OF ORANGE BLOSSOMS.
Miss Lou Glazer, Miss Mamie Brown, Miss
Kate Zaun, and Messrs. Fred Lerond, Al
Nevraumont, Harry Boyd,,Gm Fischer, Gus
Band, George McConkey, Henry Zann, Frßnk
Bordenavo, George A. Fisher, Thomas Farley,
Charles Fisher and Cnrl Knochel.
The deal mute branch of the Y. M. C. A.
g:ive a select entertainment, followed by a so
cial, on Friday evening. May 28, at the Y. M.
C. A. Hall. The ent Ttainment was under the
direction of Prolessor Theop. d'Estrella, a
teacher for the Institute for the Deaf and
Dumb and Blind, Berkeley, and consisted of
dialogues and tableaux.
Miss R. Frances Luse, assisted by the Knick
erbocker Male Quartet, gave an enjoyable re
cital al the First Christinn Church, "Twelfth
street, near Howard, on Tuesday evening last.
The entertainment givpn by the pupils of
the Lockwood studio at Union-square Hall on
Thursday evening was a great nuceess. The
following programme was faithfully carried
out, alter which there was dancing for all:
March and contra dance, by the class; piano
duct, Master Eugene and Miss Josephine
Brown; concert recitation, "Charge of
the Light Brigade," elocution class;
'■Little Tarantella," Aimce Jorgensen, Eva
Bibbero, Laura HiuW, Floreuco Simkins, Jean
Ewing, Ruth Chandler, Evelyn Wolf, Louise
Stark; recitation, "Gone Wittt a Handsomer
Man," Reita Carter; sailor's hornpipe, Almee
Jorgensen; recitation, "Miss Jones and the
Burglar," Emma Hahn; minuet, by the class;
recitation, "The. Deßd Doll," Alice Lockwood;
flag dance, Lucille Tucker and George Neal;
Highland Fling, Virgil Jorgenson; dialogue,
"Caudle's Wedding Day," Ina Hansbrough
and Carrie Schroeder; tarantella of eight,
Grace Courtis, Lucile Tucker, Rena Effinger,
Alma Haiiaeii, Grace Wollpeit, Alma Lacombe,
Alice Luckwood, Ruth Withers; recitation,
"Our Folks," Viola Loughran; skirt
dance, Evelyn Woli; recitation, "Leedle
Yaw cob Strauss," Lloyrt Rowley; Spanish
dance, Carrie Johnson; Irish Washer
woman, Florence Simkin.s; recitation, "The
Newsboy's Debt," Sophie Schroeder; double
dance, Pasterian, Sopnle Dressier and Eugene
Brown; Lovers' Poika, Kidney Bibbero and
Eva Bibbero; cracovienne. Alma Hanscn; reci
lution, "Jes Fore Christmas," Willie Bailey;
castane t dance, RuthWithers; f^u dance, Laura.
Hink, Eva Bibbero and Aimee Jorgensen;
double danco, Hungarian, Rena Elflnger and
Grace Courtis; recitation, 'Josi ah Allen's Wife
al Stewart'B Store," Josie Seavoy; fancy dance,
Past and Present. Jennie Mahoncy; violin
solo, Carrie I'.righs; eaehuca, Alma La
combe; recitation, ••Entertaining Her Sif
ter's Beau." Bertha Marburg; "Madrilena,"
Alice Lockwood; hornpipe, Sidney Bibbero.
"Blue Danube iScari Dance"— Rena Effinger
Lucile Tucker, Grace Courtis, Carrie Johnsou,
Irma Scheu, Ruth Withers, Viola Loughran
Alma Hansen, Sophie Schrceder, Carrie
Schroeder, Sophie Dressier and Alice Lock
wood.
The Music-teachers' Associntion of Califor
nia gave their twenty - fourth concert in
Kohlcr & Chase Hall on Wednesday, the 26th
inst. All the participants, acquitted them
selves admirably. These entertainments are
growing rapidly in public favor. At the last
event the hah was crowded long beiore Presi
dent Uoffmcyer began his opening address.
MUSICALES.
Society Attends Concerts and Song
4 Recitals.
The members of the a Lorlng Club gave the
fourth concert of their twentieth season last
Thursday evening at Odd Fellows' Hall, mak
ing the unique record of successfully complet
ing twenty years : of "musical" work of a very
high standard.* D. P. Hnghes; the conductor
of me club for the pas( two years, is 10 be con
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 30, 1897.
gratulated upon the success the club has met
with under his management.
The hall was crowded with a fashionable
audience. The club was assisted by Mrs. Car
mich&el-Carr, pianist, and a sextet consisting
of B. jnuius, firstviolin; H. Susmau, second
violin; K. Schernstcin, viola; F. Gmterson,
violoncello; F. Angerstein, double bass, and
A. Paulsen, flute. The programme was as fol
lows:
"Sing, Sinp, Music was Given," Brewer;
"The Long Day Closes," Sullivan; "Dis
covery," Grieg; "Aye Maria," Abt; "Moon
rise," Pache; "Tar's Song," Hatton; "Chorus
of Dervishes" ("Ruins of Athens"), Bee
thoven; serenade (sextet), (a) ingrata, (6) not
turno, Jadassohn; (a) "Vintage Song,*' Men
delssohn, (6) "Suorai's Sone," Mair; "Chorus
of Spirits and Hours," Buck.
On Thursday evening at the Byron Mauzy
Hall Professor F. D. Piccirlllo, assisted by
Mascagni Mandolin Club, Professor S. Mar
tinez, pianist: Slgnor G. Almagla, barytone;
Mrs. H. V. Dickey, soprano; Mrs. Letitia Bon
foy-Ripperdan, reader, Piccirillo's Mandolin
orchestra, gave a most enjoyable concert on
which occasion the following programme was
presented: '-Rosedi Maggio" (Bellentrhi): "Re
cuerdos Mazurka" (arranged by F. D. Piccir
illo), Mascagni Mandolin Club, Protestor F. D.
Picc'rillo, director; -'Caprice Espagnola"
(Raff), Professor S. Martinez; song, selected,
Mrs. H. V. Dickey; "Cavatina" (Raff), man
dolyra, violin and piano, Professor F. D. Pic
ciriilo, V. Stone, D. \V. Bates; aria c
gabaletta, from ''Lucia" (Donizetti), Sig
nor G- Almagla; solo mandolyra, '"Faust"
(Gounod), Professor F. D. Picclrillo,
Piccirillo's mandolin orchestra, "La Caccia
AvventureCampestri"(Calace), G. Lachman.S.
Abrams, G. Castagnetto, H. Warren, Salsedo,
D. Mansfield, D. W. Bates; recitation, selec
tion from "Ben Hur" (Wallace), Mrs. Letitia
Bonfoy-Ripperdan; "Under the Double Eagle"
(Wagner), Mascagni .Mandolin Club.
The Ladies' Choral, under the direction of
Mme. Eilen Coursen-Roeckel, gave an evening
of songs and dances on Friday last at Assembly
Hall, 1412d J olk street. A large and appre
ciative audience applauded the following ex
cellent programme: Prayer, "Aye Maria"
(pentatonic) (Roeckel,) Mme. Ellen Coursen-
Roeckel; sacred song, "Angels Ever Bright
and Fair" (Handel,) Mrs. Annie K. Shew;
bass solo, "The Holy City" (Adams), Mons.
Charles Pechin; song, "For All Eternity"
(Mascneroni), Miss Ida Schnitz; duet, "Vene
tian Boat Song" (Blumenthal), Miss Grace
Sherry and Miss May Mable; song, "With
Newer String, My Mandolin" (Gouiiod), Mrs.
Cathie Coursen-Cainpbelt; violoncello solo,
"Andante" tGolterman), WiLiam Wertsch
Jr.; song, -I Dream ol Thee" (Tro
tere). Mrs. M. Johnson; ballad, "Sweet
Katnleen" (Williams), Little Eva Bolger;
quartet, "Midnight Hour" "Martha" (Flotow),
Mr*. Georgie Stout, Senorlta Andrea Mojica
Herr Edward Lotz and M. Charles Pechin; air,
••Herodiade" (Massenet), Mrs. H.Lewis; two
songs, (a) "St Vous n'Avez Rlen a Me Dire"
(Rothscniid), (b) "Annie Laurie" (Scotch), Mile
Elena Roeckel ('cello obligate by William
Wertsch Jr.); canzone, "Stride la Vampa"
"Trovatorc" (Verdi), Miss Nell Couch; con
tralto duet, "Go, Pretty Rose" (Canon), (Mar
zialt), Misses Annette and TillieMiley; bal
lata, "Volta l»i Terrea" "Un Bullo," (Verdi),
Misu Jennie Johannsen ; cancion, "La Naran
jera" (Scocndopole), Senorita Adela de Gulvez;
Svensk folkvisa (a) "N«r Jag Blef 17 Ar"
(Dannstrom), Irish song (6), "The Rebel's Lay"
(Roeckel), with chorus refrain, Mme. Ellen
Courten-Roeckel; twochoruses,(«)"Coronach"
(Schubert), (b) "Hark to the Mandolin"
(Parker- Roeckel), ladies' choral, conducted by
Mme. Roeckel.
AT THE RESORTS.
Brilliant Outlook for the Summer
Season*
From the valley, the seaside, the mountains
and the springs coma the most encouraging
reports of the inauguration of a brilliant sum
mer season.
At some of the resorts gayety already holds
full sway, aud the outlook for the immediate
future is pleasant in tne extreme.
Th« summer exodus has verily begun, and
the following reports from the interior will
be real with interest.
Highland Springs.
Last week's arrivals at Highland Springs in
clude: K. A. S. Foster, San Rafael; James W.
Wiiitiss ana wife, a. G, Freeman, I.E, Tucker,
If. J. Batchelder. C. B. Tomson and wife, Miss
Emma Hunt, C. W. P.andsll and wife, Miss L.
M. Conway, H. W. Adams, San Francisco; C.
X Palmer, o. C. Hyde, C. H. Rowe. Walter H.
Linforth, W. V. Bryan. Mr. and Mrs. D. G.
Hinder. R. D. Collins, J. J. Palmer. Oakland;
Henry Hoffmann Jr., C. W. Cross and wife, C.
A. Cross and Migs West, San Francisco; Mrs.
H. G. Sturtevant and Miss F. Bturtevaui. Oak
land; F. C. Hasson, wife and son, San Kafnc: ;
J. Deermg, Oakland; 11. D. Jackson, Mrs. Lem
nion, R. N. Plummer an t wife and Mrs. R. L.
Rigdon, San Francisco; W. T. Welcker, Berke
ley; Mr. and Mrs. 1. Steitihart, San Francisro;
Mr. and Mrs. F. \V Diokson and Robert Dick
son, Oakland.
At Coronado.
CORONADO, Cau, May 20.— Miss C. L. Incle
is at the Posada Morena lor an outing. Mr.
and Mrs. HerDertL. Pratt are Brooklyn (N. V.)
Kuests at the hoteL Mrs. George S. Myers and
maid arrived from St. Louis the past week.
Colonel J. M. C. Marble, president of the Na
tional Bank of California. Los Angeles, accom
panied by Mrs. Merble, has been visiting his
friend General Churchill at the hotel. Georsre
B. Reeve, "Montreal, general traffic manager of
the Grand Trunk line, is touring the coast in
his private car and has been staying at the
hotel with his party, including Mrs. Reeve,
J. A. Lowell, Boston; Artnur Dixoii, Chicago,
and Mr. and Mrs. W. F. Botsiord, Los Angeles.
"Chris" Buckley, accompanied by his wife and
eon and Miss Nellie Burley ot Boston, has
been spending several days at Coronado. Mr.
and Mrs. Liihbridge are English guests at the
hotel. William K. Walker is a recent arrival
from Chicago. Mrs. Charles R. Deacon and Miss
Deacon of Philadelphia are sojourning here.
Rev. Father R. F. Byrne of the Roman Catho
lic church, Coronado, will spend the summer
in Denver, Colo. Roger W. Bennett is down
from San Francisco. T. S. Hanaford is regis
tered here from New York. Mr. and Mrs. J.
Hudson of Massachusetts and Mr. and Mrs.
H. Staples Porter of Boston are at Coronado.
E. C. Humphrey, ex-surgeon-general of Colo
rado, and K.H. PetUngell, the Colorado
Springs banker, have been -sight-seeing at
Coronado. Mr. and Mrs. E. A. Henderson are
here from Vernou, B. C. Mr. and Mrs. E. E.
Danville of Manester, Mich., arrived here dur
ing the week. Recent 'San 'Francisco arrivals
include Mr. and Mrs. •M. iZ. •-., Rosenfeld.
Mrs. B. Bertelson of Coronaao will summer in
Denmark, Among the San Francisco guests
recently at the hotel were the Misses Carrie
Bettmann... Millie Bettmau and Bella
•Bettman." Henry Myers ■of the San
Francisco • diamond - house : ' is ; staying
here, accompanied !. by ; Mrs. , Meyers.
Mrs. Charles L. Watson and son, Arthur B.
Watson, of ban Francisco, have engaced
rooms here for the Ist. : Mr. and Mrs. William
J. Spiegelberg of New York City are among
the tourists at Hotel del Corouado. Frederick
E. Magee and Walter Magee arrived from San
Francisco on Tuesday.:: •• " *':- ■■ v •='•'•••;■ '
At Mill Valley. :.
Superior Judge J. M. Seawell and family are
occupying Miss Fannie Sharp's residence in
Mill Valley. : \, ....-. .. :- ■
Mrs. George Cleveland of Portland, Or., has
been the guest of Mrs. Charles F. Runyon at
Breezy Hill, their Mill Valley home.
Mr. and Mrs. Irvine Graham and family have
left Mill Valley and taken up their residence
in San Francisco. : •
Ex-Supervisor Vincent Kingwell and family
are spending the summer months at their
; country home In Mill Valley. ;
Prison Director Daniel E. Hayes and family
are occupying their home on Corte Madera
avenue in Mill Valley. ■' .
Mr. and Mrs. Thomas Reynolds have ■ re
turned to their home on Corte Madera avenue
in Mill Valley.
The following have registered at the Hotel
Bellevue. Mill Valley: Mrs. H. R. Loury, H.
Frodsham, Mrs. A. Kindlebarger, Mrs. L. Ram
bo, Miss Majorie Rambo, H. Hoffmann, Dr. S.
R. Jacobs, Miss A. Slone, MS is Lillian Slone,
Professor M.Slone Jr., E. Bandmann,, P. A.
McPherson, R. W. MiGarie, J. B. Hopkins and
wife, Max Brooks and wife, G. Marshall, Ro
sina Rush, George Fowzer Jr., Mrs. H. Lassen,
George Hammett, John, O'Keefe, Mrs.' George
Hammett, Frank Walberstein, Jul. Bertram,
Reinhold. Beck, Theodore Dierke, Otto turn
Suden, ■■ S. P. Middleton, Harvey Seword, H. J.
Ford, Julius Van Noil, N. Meyerleld, Miss Les
lie and Mrs. Meyerfeld, B. Strauss, Mrs. Strauss,
Alois Katzenberg, B. T. Richardson, Ruby J.
Mier, J. A. Ritchie. : . - . :
A new fad which society is enjoying Is the
making up of parties to spend the night on
Mount Tamalpais. , : Among . the ' parties : who
have'led tha fashion ; are Mr. and Mrs. Aaron
Stein, Miss Julia K. Blanchard. Miss Augusta
H. Blanchara, Miss Mantle J. Valentine. * An
other party, consisted of Mr. and Mrs. L. H.
Bissell, Mr. and ' Mrs. O.C.Haslett, Miss Rose
Miller, Burbauk i G. Somers, Miss Brown, W.
A. James. The following constituted another
party : Mr. and Mrs.- Percy Beamish, Mr. and
Mrs. iJ. B. Levinson, : Miss .B. Gerstle," M. C.
Slosb, Joseph Sloss, Dr. C. J. Levinson. . . / ;.
At San Rafael.
At the graduating exercises of the Domini
can College, San Rafael, on i Friday afternoon,
a most elaborate and delightful r programme
was faithfully carried out to the great satisfac
tion of the parents and friends of the pupils.
That each number was warmly ; approved was
shown ,by the interest and applause : of ? the
large audience which greeted the lovely array
of | talented girlhood. « The | college | orchestra
gave a fine rendition of "Rlgolsito" selections
specially arranged by tHe sister who lias charge
I of the classes in music This number showed
careful training in the use ana possibilities of
the instruments included in the mandolin
family.
The programme Id full was as follows:
"Alessandro Stradalia," overture, piano quar
tet (VonFlotow), Misses G. Burke, 3. Hender
son, A. Maloney, A. Branks; "Vilanelle,
semi-chorus tWekerlin), first soprani— Misses
IM. Butler, B. Cronan, G. Burke/ E. Costello;
second soprani— Misse3 A. BranJtls, M. Olivers,,
Madge Coke, Lola Duran; contralii— Mis»es C
Brill, O. Blethen, H. Gro, E. Bethune. "Valse
Romantique" (Romero), mandolins', guitars,
violin, harp, piano; "The Nightwatch," vocal
trio (Gordimani), Misses 11. Butler, A. Branks,
C. Brill; "Danse Espagnol," Op. 21, No. 3,
piano duet (Moszkowski), Misses G. Burke, A.
Branks, B. Cronan. A. Maloney; "L'lncanta
trice," valse cantabile (Arditi), violin ob
lieato by Miss H. Gro, Miss Mary Butler;
"Divertimento sullo Rigoletto" (Verdi), first
mandolins— Misses A. Branks, E. Betnune,
Genevieve Smith; second mandolins— Misses
| A. Maloney, E. Costello, M. Olivera; bandur-
I rids— Misses Nela Souza, Antondi Bernal: gui
tars— Missas G. Blethen, Yrma Bayle. Kather
ine ODea, Maria Sosa; pianos— Misses B. Cro
nan, G. Burke; yiolin. Miss H. Gro; organ.
j Miss J. Henderson; harp, Miss Concepcion
Rivas. "La Primavera," vocal duo (Scnira),
Miss M. Butler, "The Cry;" Miss A. Branks,
"The Answer;" Miss Jessy Henderson, Miss
Harriet Bartnett. "Senzi Tetto, Senza Cuna"—
Boleor (II Guarany), Gomes (mezzo soprano
solo, with orchestral accompaniment), Miss
Agnes Brauks; valedictory, Miss Guenilian
Blethen. The college diploma was awarded to
j Miss Guenilian Bleihen, Miss Agnes Branks,
I Miss Grace Buike.
A surprise party was given to Miss Pattie
Keneen last Thursday night. The guests as
sembled at the home of Miss Roach, and irom
tbere proceeded to Miss Keneen's residence on
Fourth, street, San Rafael.
At Sausalito.
W. H. Stinson of the Anglo-Caliiornian Bank
is summering in Sausalito.
District Attorney W. S. Barnes ii spending
the summer months in Sausalito.
Miss Rose Miller departed Thursday for a
three months' trip in Southern California, as
the guest of Mrs. Gaston Ashe.
Miss Olive Hamilton and .«iss Beedy of Sau
salito ore traveling in British Columbia.
Mrs. Thomas Leggeit, daughter of Captain
William Borrowe, has returned to Sausalito
after a delightful trip through Europe. After
the summer isover, she will depart lor her
home In Cape Town, South Africa.
Mr. and Mrs. Molntosh gave a delightful din
ner to friends last Tuesday night.
Santa Cat aim a.
Among the arrivals from San Francisco at
the Vetropole, Avalon, Santa Catallna Island,
are: C. J. Behlow and wife, M. M. Foote,
Henry Meyers and wife, Mrs. B. J. Sideman,
, M. J. Sideman, Miss C. Bettman, Miss M. Bett
man, Miss B. Buttman, Miss Margaret McKee,
Miss Mary McKee, Miss M. Driscoll, J. Fred
Schlingman.
Madrone Mineral Springs.
Among tne late arrivals at Madrone Min
eral Springs, Santa Clara County, are: Mrs.
W. T. Hamilton, Oakland; H. S. Dysr, Oak-
land ; Guy C. Emery, Alvarado; J. H. Caswell,
Madrone; G. 8. Dyer, San Frnncisco; T. B.
Neei, Gilroy; J. H. Schneider, Oakland; D. E.
Noggle, San Francisco; William Smith, Pine
Ridge; K. B. Jones, Melton. S. D. ; J. Morton,
Morgan Hill; Ethel Leslie, San Jose; Elmer
Carter, Redwood City; M. W. Carter, Menlo
Park; M. S. Porter, Palo Alto; J. \V. Gait, Palo
Alto; H. T. Dyer, Alvarado.
At Glenbrook.
The following are the late arrivals at Glen
brook resort: H. W. Brewer, B. Hudson,.
Lakeport; George McCord, Louis Stetter, T. R.
Bellinjrur, J. Hass and family, San Francisco;
A. Hatt Jr.. Napa; C. H. Rosse, O. C. Hyde,
Oakland; R. W. Roberts and wife-, Alameda. ,
At Paso Rotles.
Mrs. Major McLaughlln and Miss McLaugh
lin of Santa Cruz and Sam Mucker of San Jose
will spend a few weeks at Paso Robles. A very
successful euchre : party was given by Mrs.
Burns and Miss Birdie Rice to ; the guests 01
Hotel El Paso Robles recently.
•
. In the Future*
j The Mystics' next evening-dress party will
' be held at the Native Sons' Hall on Tuesday,
June ß. -:"-*'*- •■ ' '■ -. : .':--'^ : - •'■'-\-v-iv %
Mr. and Mrs. D. Edwards' daughter Flora,
will be : confirmed at ; the Temple Emann-El
Sunday, June 6. They will hold a reception
in the afternoon from 2 till 5 o'clock at their
residence, 714 Buchanan street.
PERSONALS.
Miss C. Lenhardt and the Misses Tay, chap
eroned by Mrs. B. W. Paulsen, after traveling
for some time on the Riviera and stopping for
a day at Marseilles, have resumed their jour
ney to Paris.
Miss Heud of Berkeley, accompanied by two
young ladies of her senior class. Miss Wilhoit
of Stockton and Miss Cooper of Ukiah, has
gone abroad for the summer. The ladies sailed
from New York on Wednesday on the steam
ship Britannic for Liverpool.
Captain and Mrs. Martin Bulger and Miss
Emma Bulger are staying at Orr's Springs for
the summer.
M. J. Piatshek, the ■well-known attorney,
wno has been traveling in Europe since the
early part of May list, is home again, and is
staying at tbe Hotel Richelieu.
Mr. and Mrs. A. Goldstein, Mr. and Mrs. H.
Unna and Mr. and Mrs. I. Lewis and their
families will spend the summer in the Santa
Cruz Mountains.
Dr. R. L. Walsh and wife have returned
after a three weeks' stay at Bartlett Springs.
Miss Lena Lipmnnn Is spending the summer
with friends at Merced.
Mrs. Julius Gabriel and daughter and Miss
Hattle Gabriel left Sunday for Nevada City,
where they will remain a lew weeks.
Dr. James McCone has returned from a
fortnight's vacation in Monterey County.
Mrs. D. A. Levy, accompanied by her daugh
ter, has gone to Grass Valley to visit ber
brother, George H. Zekind.
Mrs. Henry Schmledell left the Palace Hotel
last week and is now at the Hotel Rafael.
Mrs. John Cunningham and her children
have been spending the past week at Hotel
Kafael.
Mr. and Mrs. D. B. Davidson and Miss David
son, Mr. and Mrs. W. I. Kip, Miss Kip. Miss
Mary Kip and Mrs. Hon are at San Raiael.
Charles N. Felton Jr. is in Paris, where he
I expects to remain gome time.i
j Miss Gertrude Forman will spend pact of the
[summer. »tNapa Soda Springs. »■•»*■
FROM GREATER NEW YORK
/Ingio-Qothamites WitK ar\ Eye or\ the
gueer\'s Jubilee— J^lovtements of Gali
fomians ir\ the Metropolis.
NEW YORK, N. V., May 24.— Are you
going to ran over in time for the jubilee?
Every Anglo-New Yorker seems inter
ested oniy in that one topic lately. So
common has become the question that
downtown men forget to say "Have a
drink with me," and unconsciously nsk
"Have a jubilee with me, old man?" Be
yond doubt It will be one of the grandest
and most imposing celebrations of the
centurj', and I heartily envy the fortunate
folk who will have the opportunity of wit
nessing the marvelous scene, and in a
measure doing homage to a woman whose
life has been one of noble ana simple dig
nity, and whose example of motherly love
and devotion should be as a beautiful ser
mon to every mother in the land.
It seems odd that just at the time when
everybody is scrambling for passage across
the big pond the incoming steamars
should be comfortably filled with Ameri
cans returning to home and loved ones.
Mrs. Henry Gillig. looking very well
and handsome, arrived from London on
Tuesday. She was -called home sooner
than she anticipated on account of the
very painful accident that befell her
mother, Mrs. Crocker, at Sacramento.
Mn. Gillig received the distressing news
while in Lonaon, and with all speed has
tened to New York, intending to continue
direct to California. On her arrival here
she received the good news that her
mother was out of danger and conva
lescing rapidly. She has therefore de
cided not to go to California for the pres
ent. Mrs. Gillig's own illness while in
Italy has not told on her, for she certainly
has not looked better and lovelier in
years.
Hon. Thomas Fitch has carried out His
plans to locate in New York and has al
ready opened law offices in the Tower on
lower Broadway. He and Mrs. Fitch have
decided to remain in New York for the
greater part of the summer and have en
gaged apartments at the Ban Kemo over
looking the beautiful forests of Central
Park.
George C. Baldwin of San Francisco
spent a few days at the Gilsey last week.
C. R. Rockwocd, a prominent citizen of
Los Angeles, arrived in town on Wednes
day.
W. B. Sink of San Francisco has been
In town during tne past week looking
into business affairs here.
Arthur G. Fisk of San Francisco was
among the numerous arrivals here from
California on Wednesday. He is putting
up at the Hoffman.
Mr. and Mrs. Hugn Keenan of San
Francisco are also guests at the Hoffman.
Mrs. Ida S. Lewis, Miss Mabel Lewis
and Mrs. George B. Lewis, of San Fran
cisco, have been having a most enjoyable
visit in Gotham since their arrival several
w-eeks ago. They are located at the Fifth
avenue Hotel. On Saturday they formed
a pleasant party and ran down to Worden
town, Pa., to spend a few days with
friends and relatives. They will return to
town on Wednesday.
Mr. and Mrs. Leon Lewia of San Fran- '
Cisco are guests at the Savoy. They are
undecided as to when thsy will return to
California.
The many friend 3of Mr. ana Mrs. H. H.
Pearson will join in sympathy at the su\
intelligence of Mrs. Pearson's recent mis
fortune. On last Tuesday, accompanied
by her daughter and soi.-in-law, Mr. and
Mrs. W. H. Lamprecht, she was leaving
the cable-car at the corner of Broadway
and Fourteenth street, when the car sud
denly started, violently throwing Mrs.
Pearson into the 3treet. She struck on
her Lead, and when gently lifsea from the
ground was found to be unconscious and ;
frightfully wounded about the head and j
face. She was removed to her home, i
where physicians were summoned. She I
has not regained consciousness except at
snore intervals, when she faintly com- j
plain 3of a painful tingling throughout j
her whole body. Mrs. Pearson is quite j
heavy in weight, and the fearful fall she \
sustained has caused internal injuries
which may bring on a stroke of paralysis, j
so the physicians declare. . Concussion of
the braiu is also feared. Her sons Harry
and Fred, who have been out of town,
were telegraphed for, and Charles Pear
son, who is manager of the Hotel Stuart,
passes every moment possible at his
mother's side.
Mr. and Mrs. Lamprecht had intended
leaving for their home in Cleveland, Ohio,
on Wednesday last, but the accident to
Mrs. Pearson will doubtless detain them
here for many weeks, as Mrs. Lamprecht
will not leave her mother until she has
wholly recovered irom ncr injuries.
C. O. Poolo of San Francisco is regis
tered at the Hotel Imperial. He has been
in the city a week.
Mrs. M. F. Childs and the Misres Don
nelly of Oakland, who have been abroad
T^!is^^ ,_ _ _ _, , „
\ Athletic Goods A
-&m iL x x , « „ k
W. that stand for Home $f
WSt) Industry. Onr factory |^
mflM turns out better goods for less IT
W-^ti money than any other in the s^'"-
- States. ll^
f \ \ we are I
{f^?-^ y^ ' THE RECOGNIZED HEADQUARTERS \1 ,
IliiiWK^^ ON THE PACIFIC COAST FOR LA- **-■ ,
VrWf * AND GKNTS' BATHING, GYM- S^
/■Be/ ' "^ NASIUM AND BHVCLESUITS, Cl
I f[«l BALL AND FOOTBALL SUITS. CAMP- : . VIA
fUA ING OUTFITS, SWEATERS, BLOOM- %| ?
I!lS4 - « KNICKERBOCKER*, BICYCLE JsiL
I HOSE, CAPS AND LKGGISGS. » J^<^( *
I : ' We have these goods always in stock,
,<• : besides making them to order in any Xv
j, color and design. Orders promptly filled >*
and quality of goods guaranteed.
store J25-127-129-131 KEARNY STREET.
STOR^CL^QSED MONDAY (DECORATION DAY).
visiting the Continent, sailed into port on
the Britannic Tuesday morning. They
are in pood health and spirits and will
start homeward about the Ist of June.
They have made the Hotel Imperial their
headquarters.
E C Wolff of 6an Frencisco has been
here since last Monday. Tne Metropole
claims him as a guest.
Holbrook Blinn, the talented son of
Mrs. Nellie Holbrook-Blinn, has closed his
season with the Roland Reed Company
and will start for California almost imme
diately. Mr. Blinn has met with flatter
ing success during the past season, and
has made a host of frends in the East
who predict great things for his future.
Mrs. John Hall, who for many years
was prominent in San Francisco and who
has been living in New Y r ork for some
time, will leave for California the first
week in June to pay a visit among her
friends on the coast.
James P. Murray, the well-known
breeder of fine horses and a resident of
Santa Barbara, will leave for London on
Tuesday. He anticipates attending; tha
I Queen's jubilee and after a month or two
traveling on the Continent will return to
America some time in SeptemDer.
H. A. Flickinger, tha popular young
representative of Flicklnger's fruit pack
ing-house'of Ban Jose, hustled into town
on Wednesday and registered at the
Stuart. Mr. Flickinger ia the "busiest
man in seven States," at least he give 3
one the impression that he is, and that
serves the same purpose.
Lyman F. Elmore, whose headquarters
are at present in New York, nas gone up
to the new mining district near Van
couver, B. C, to inspect and repori on
certain railroad properties in ihe vicini ty
Mrs. H. J. Woolocott and young
daughter of Los Angeles have engaged
apartments at the Grand, where they will
remain indefinitely.
A. Schuer, well known in mercantile
circles in San Francisco, has been in New
York during tha past few weeks attend
ing to important business interests. Mr.
Schuer has many friends in the East, and
his visit has thus far been most enjoyable
apparently. He is quartered at the St.
Cloud.
H. Stepbenson Smith is at the Waldorf.
Livingston Gilson did not remain in
Gotham many days. He reached here
almost direct from San Francisco, arriving
the 19th inst., and on Saturday morning
he sailed away on the Campania for
foreign shores and the jubilee. A number
of devoted Californians deplore his depar
ture.
The fates decree strangely sometimes,
don't they? Two years ago it looked as
though William A. Brady, the young
Californian, would lead thelistof popular
and successful theatrical managers in
| America. He displayed remarkable abil
ity as a caterer to the public taste, made
several excellent proiuctions that proved
j successful artistically and financially and
I in truth won for himself the confidence
j and respect of the pleasure-lovinsr public.
! The closing season has undoubtedly been
I a most disastrous one for Mr. Brady, inas
| much that the several plays he produced
I during the year proved failures. Mr.
! Barrymore in the drama of "Roaring
| Dick & Co." closed early in the season.
j "New York" at tne American was a dire
| failure, and "Under tha Polar Star"
! was called in early. Mr. Brady de
; cided to spend all bis time and en
j ergy in managing Corbett. Corbett's
i failure in wresting the championship
: was necessarily crushing to Mr. Brady,
! However, phenix-like. he has arisen from
; ;he white ashes of Carson disap-
I po ntnien!, and with the vim and West
' crn energy that has mada him famous is
| booming an athletic combination on Lex-
I ington avenue, Harlem, where Corbett,
; Maher and other well-known athletes
! with records box and spar for the benefit
j of an admiring public.
Mr. and Mrs. W. B. Bourne and daugh
! ter, who have been at the New Netherland
j during the spring, left for their new home
in California Saturday afternoon.
Hon. M. H. de Young, Mrs. de Young
and maid. Miss Minnie Hennessey and
George Heazelton arrived from the West,
Saturday, the 22d inst., and hastened to
their apartments at the Waldorf. They
enjoyed the journey across the continent,
this Deing the most lovely time of year
to travel in. Five days were spent in
Chicago en route. This being Miss Hen
nessey's first journey East, she is enthu«
siastic over all she has seen thus far. Mr*. %
de Young felt quite ill and fatigued on
her arrival, her general health not being
good during the recent months. Bha
hopes to regain her lormer excellent
health while traveling and resting IM3
summer.
Trella Foltz Tolajjd.
34 Park Row.FRATERNAL
BONDS.
Order of the Eastern Star.
Unity Chapter of West Oakland had it« dis- i
trict meeting last Friday and received an offi- i
cial visit from District Deputy Mrs. Clara A.
Giberson.
King Solomon Chapter at its last meeting |
worked In the initiatory degree.
Mission Chapter will give an entertainment
on the evening: of the 4th of June in Mission
Music Ha\L An unusually fine programme
has been prepared. At its last held meeting
this chapter initiated six candidates, elected
one candidate and received several applica
lions. At the close of the business of the lodge
there was a banquet with toasts and responses.
On Friday, the 21st, Stella Chapter, of wnicn
Worthy Patron Tappscot is a m ( "'
was visited by District -Deputy Grand Matron
Mrs. Aggie Atte Adams, and on last Monday
Tulare Chapter, the one to which Worthy
Grand Matron Mrs. Ella Tyler Hall belongs,
was visited by District Deputy Grand Matron
Mrs. Lida Rousseau.
The Odd Fellows.
Grand Patriarch Doran will visit Compro
mise Encampment at Salinas June 1, Santa
Cruz Encampment on the 3d and Watsonville
Encampment on the 4th.
Mrs. Minerva M. Karsner, the new president
of the Rebetabs, has announced the following
visitations: June 3; Juanita, Anderson; June
4, Mount Shasta, Redding; June 5, Millville;
June 7, Woodbine, French Gulch; June 9,
Evening Star, Weaverville; June 11. c » , i e
Luke, Sisson; June 14, Hope, Yreka; June 13,
Ora, Fort Jones; June 16, Ve«per, Etna; June
18, Oriole, Duusmuir.
Oriental RebeVah Lodge has agreed to fur
nish two rooms in the Odd Fellows' Orphan
age at Gilroy. They will be known as the
Oriental rooms. There is an opportunity lor
the other lodges to do likewise.
Mission Ledge No. 225 of the Dsgree of
Rebekah was recently instituted in Excelsior
Hall by the grand master, deputy eiand mas
ter and erand secretary with thirty-oue cnar
ter members. The initiatory work was per
formed in a most impressive manner by the
drill team from Templar Lodge, winch kindly
volunteered its services for the occasion. The
officers were installed by District Deputy Mrs.
Petersen and her efficient corps of assistants.
The officers are: Past noble grand, Mrs. hour
nier; noble grand, Mrs. Liliie B. Holcomb;
vice-grand, Lucy M. Quinton; recording sec
retary, Gertrude Wiminer; permanent secre
tary, Mrs. Alice Courier; treasurer, Mrs. Mary
Hearst; conductor. Rer.a Crawford; warden,
Mrs. Emma Ehrer; chaplain, Mrs. Alary Quin
ton.
The members of the new lodge will b a
pleased to receive visits from members of the
order at it* regular meetings on Saturday
nights.
The Native Sou*§
The members of the Native Sons' band, com
posed of members of Sequoia Parlor, had a
splendid outing in the Santa Cruz Mountains
last Sunday. They were accompanied by a
very large number of friends who were, dur
■ ing the day, greatly entertained by music
furnished by the band.
Last Wednesday night National Parlor gave
an entertainment and ball in Native Sons'
Hall and the attendance was very large. The
affair was well managed and gave satisfaction
Jo all who attended.
At its last held meeting the directors of the
library ordered a number of new books and
added to the list of periodicals.
E. C. Cutler, grand trustee, was recently
tendered a reception and banquet by Hum
boldl Parlor of Eureka.
There were quite a number of initiations in
the locrl parlor* iast week.
Assistant Grand Secretary James J. Jamison
and James P. Dockery left for Stockton last
Saturday to visit the parlor in that city.
The Argonaut Degree.
Last Friday night California Camp, No. 4,
of the Argonauts held a special meeting for
the purpose of initiating sixteen candidates,
all of whom took the first degree and two only
took the second degree. This is a side degree
of the Native Sons of the Golden West and is
one of the most elaborate of its kind, the
paraphernalia for the proper carrying out of
it costing not less than $600 for a camp of
fifty members. The ritual is based upon man's
desire for goid and the greed for gold is de
scribed as the chief end of man. The several
charges are illustrative of the dangers that be
set the one who seeks to acquire gold and they
are exceedingly impressive, being lull of use
ful lessons told in refined language. The
charges have been prepared with a great deal
of care. As they were delivered on. Friday
night without book in a manner that showed
a close study of them, they, created a deep im
pression on" the candidates, some of whom
were at first inclined to laugh at the idea of
the ceremony.
The candidates were moved from station to
station by attendants attired In costumes ap
propriate to the character of the solemn cere
mony, where they listened to the words of
wisdom, and at the last sta'.ion were rewarded
by a sweet smile from Lady Croesus, the beau
tiful goddess of the gold mines of the Golden
Stale. This formed a tableau which, in its
presentation, was highly dramatic and very
effective.
In the carrying out of the second degree
there was considerable sport with the two
blindfolded candidates, who went through
several testa to try their courage in their
search for gold. The tests to which they were
put were of a good-natured, harmless kind,
but all tending to show the act of Imagina
tion on different individuals.
This camp, which was instituted hut a short
.... time since with James J. Jamison as president,
. Frank D. Ryan as secretary and James P.
Dockery as chief of ceremonies, has already
167 members, and there are many applica
tions on file. Nearly all the grand officers
have taken the degree and there is not one
who has not spoken favorably of it. At the
meeting on Friday all past grand presidents
and the present grand president of the order
were made honorary members of the camp.
The Native Daughters.
The following names of delegates to the
Grand Parlor, which have not yet been pub
lished, were received last week: Santa Rosa
Parlor, Lizzie Baker; La Corona Parlor, Mrs.
Nettie Abbott; E. Pajaro Parlor, Mrs. Dora
Zmudowski: Chispa Parlor, Miss Lizzie Hef
leran; Columbia Parlor, Mrs. Kate C. ..Wood;
Golden Era Parlor, Miss Louisa Eckel. '
All the parlors at this time are busy prepar
ing to send their delegates to the Grand Parlor.
Golden Era Parlor will in a body be present
at;Sonora during the session of the Grand Par
lor. '■■"•* ' ■
Miss Lizzie Douglass who has announced
herself as a candidate for the office of grand
secretary, is a daugnter of Captain W. Y.
Douglas, retired, and for a number of years
has been financial secretary of Alta Parlor of
this City. -
The Knights of Pytltiaa.
Damon Lodge celebrated its twenty-eighth
anniversary last Tuesday.
Bay City Lodge will shortly remove to the
Elks' Hall, corner of Butter street and Grant
avenue.
Supreme Chancellor P. 8. Colgrrove will ar
rive in this City on Monday, the Bth inst. He
wili be tendered a reception in Metropolitan
Temple, to which all members of the oider
and their friends are invited. Aamission will
be by tickets only and these may be obtained
irom the keepers of records and seals of the
several lodges.
Knijrhtu of Honor.
The grand officers paid a visit to Norman
Lodge last Tuesday evenine. One application
was received and one candidate was elected
to membership. Among those present were:
Grand Dictator Archibald; j. W. Thomson, G.
V. D.; Thomas Learned. G. A. D. ; Thomas
Johustone, G. R. ; W. W. Zehfuss, v. T. ; J. W.
Rourke, -8. R. ; M. L. Crowe, D.G.D.; C. H.
Holcomb, D. o. h., and Deputies Frank Law
rence, R. A. A. Summers, Scott Elder and I.
Friedman. Encouraging and spirited ad
dresses were made by the several visitors. A
large number ot visitors from other lodges
were also present.
Saxon Lo !p,e had a large gathering on Tues
day evening. Three applications were re
ceived and one member was admitted by card
from anotner jurisdiction. Waiter 8. Pierce,
P. D. of Yerba Buena Lodge, was present as a
visitor. All the members of Saxon Lodge
without exception have changed into class A.
Fortuna Lodge, one of the liveliest in this
City, initiated one new member at iU meet-
Ing on. Thursday. This lodje is doing good
work right along, and has many applications
on tile.
Grand Dictator Archibald visited Ivy Lodge
on FriiUy and found a most enthusiastic wel
come. Besides the grand dictator, there were
present \V. J. Thomson, G. V. D., aud Deputies
Scott K'.der and Frank Lawrence. Ivy Lodge
is doing well, and the members were much
encourflged by the addresses of the visitors.
Isaac Oiyon of ihc Grand Lodge finance com
mitte tos in attendance and spoke on the
finances of the order.
A nice; ing of delegates from the lodges In
San Frsucisco whs neld on Saturday last to
make arrangements for the proper celebration
of the tuenty-fourth anniversary of the order,
wtiich occurs on June 30. A sub-committee
was appointed to select a proper place In which
to hold the celebration.
Charlei F. Curry, the County Clerk, who is
the r-prtsentative to the Supreme Lodge from
the brand Lodee of California, left on WedDes
day for i. Louis to attend the session of ihe
Supreme Lodge, which meets on June 8. Very
miporimt legislation will be enacted during
tne sessUn of the Supreme Lodge.
Grand Dictator Archibald visited Napa Lodge
in Napa an the '28th inst.. mid will visit Sac
ramento »n June 3, Grass Valley on 4th, Mer
ced on 7ta, and Fresno on 10th.
Foresters of America
The grand chief ranger, J. S. W. Saunders,
has Rppointed the following committees: Aud
iting—Sol Peiser. J. Caiman; Q. A. Koerber;
trnnsDortstion— Ed Harrison, William Klinger,
I. Lindemm; arbitration— A. B. Treadwell, T.
F. Bake, E. P. Donovan, G. W. Terry, H. J.
Harrje, Ira B. Coburn, E. S. Harding.
He has also appointed the following depu
ties: Robin Hood No. 1, J. H. McCarthy;
Golden Gate No. 5, S. . B. Carleton; Eucleian
No. 13. J. Cavanau^'h; Justice No. 16, T. L.
Holden; Inter Nos No. 18. Sol Peiser; Golden
West No. 20, J. Caiman; Zenith No. 21, E. H.
Haushy; JJefianee No. 23, L. Arrou; Western
Addittin No. 32, F. V. Severance; Golden
Eagle No. 3J, I. Levy: Washington No. 37, T.
W. Bayreuthcr; Seal Rock No. 43, H.L.Simon;
Acme No. 51, M. E. Licht; Palo Alto No. 53,
D. Cohan; sarrallone No. 71, W. C. Hampton;
Independence No. 104, S. Shaben; Sutro
Heights No. 136. S. L. Waller: Pride of Ala
ine>la No. 19, H. K. Starkweather; Livermore
No. 77, W. P. Thome; lone No. 131, E. W.
Perkins; Jackson No. 148. S. Angove; Mount
Diab o No. 118. Kaiph Harrison; Eureka No.
80, O. W. Davis; dive No. 39, T. R.
Dee; Franoai«e No. 97, H. C. Clary;
Neptune No. 99, J. B. Proctor; Columbus
No. lO'J. F. A. Mauricio; ban Pedro No. 107,
H. Ekren; Dante Alleenin No. 139, L. Car
boni; Marin No. 73, G. Schiller; Del Monte
No. 47, H. Rieke; ban Lucas No- 154, L. M.
W^ilifuns; Santa Ann No. 133. Ed W«ito; Ana
heim No. I">6, T. G. Drury; Capitol of Califor
nia No. 6. HiTman Fisher; Sacramento No. 12.
F. Harris; Oak Park No. TOO, John Morris;
Liberty No. 9C, C. M. Dexter; San Diego No.
28. R. A. Dougins; Silver Gate No. 138, George
McNeil ; Star of San Lins Obispo No. 35. M. F.
Schlicht; S'-.norn. No. 129, \Y. Hartwig; Star of
Woodland No. 10, W. H. Curson; Junior Court
Prid« of California No. 1, P. Asch; Junior
Court Young America No. 2, J. W. tileadel.
Companion* of the Forest, F. O. A.
The next session of the Grand Circle of the
Companions of the Forest (Foresters of
America') will be held in this City, commenc
ing next Wednesday, in the Alcazar building.
While the reports :o be presented will not
show any gain in membership, ana the insti
tution of only one circle, they will show the
order in better condition than it was at the
lust session of the grand body. The order in
tnis State at this time has forty-one subor
dinate circics with nearly 2000 members.
The officers of the grand body are: Grand
chief companion, Mrs. M. A. Duke; grand sub
cnief companion, Mrs. E. Harrington; grand
treasurer. Miss Bertha Hintze; grand secre
tary, Mlhs Agnes D. Brenier; grand trustee,
Mrs. M. E. Read; grand trustee, Mrs. M. A.
Uoieman ; grand trustee. Mrs. C. Goldman;
sppointeil grand officers— Grand marshal, Mrs.
E. J. N. Steinweg; grand guard. Mrs. Theodore
Muegge; grand sentry, Miss Alice Lock wood;
eraiid organist, Mrs. R. Kemp Van Ee.
Hamiet Circle of Aiameda has elected the
following officers for the ensuing term: Miss
A. M. Crowley. J. P. C. C. : A. Born. C. C; Mrs.
F. Krnger, S. C. C. ; Miss Agnes D. Bremer, F.
3.; Miss I. P. Rose, R- & ; Mrs. A. C. Wright,
R. G. ; Miss Nellie Crowley, L. G. ; Mis* N. L.
Kruger, I. G.
Improved Order of Bed Men.
Manzanita Tribe has appointed Henry A.
Chase, P. G. 8., F. J. Fuller, P. S., and L. Reck
less, C. of R., a committee to confer with ail
the local tribes as to the entertainment of the
representatives to the Grand Council.
Samoset Tribe will send an adoption team to
the Grand Council session to compete for the
prize offered. Modoj Tribe will also send a
team to compete.
Osceola Tribe adopted thirty palefaces dur
ing the tiu.v. r moon.
Bald Eagle, which is having well-attended
meetings, will also send a team to compete for
toe Grand Council prize.
Metamora Tribe was recently visited by a
large delegation from the San Francisco tribes.
White Eagle Tribe is reported as constantly
raining in membership. Many of iti mem
bers have recently taken the Haymakers' de
gree.
vVinnemucca Tribe will celebrate its ninth
anniversary by a public raising up of its chiefs.
A fine programme has been prepared ior the
occasion.
Pawnee Tribe has revised its by-laws, and
the sick benefits have been changed.
The members of Mono Tribe observed Tam
many day in fine style in Annex Park. There
was a parade, a picnic ana any number of
games for prizes and danciug. There was a
large attendance and a grest deat of enjoy
i menu
Thomas F. Laird, chief of records of Mono
I Tribe, while in this City, was adopted into
I focahontas Council and was inducted into
! the mysteries of the Haymakers' degree.
The Chosen Friends.
Carnation Council of Los Angeles initiated
twelve candidates on the 25th inst.
Grand Recorder Waili* has returned from
visits to the interior. On the 26th be was
present at a public meeting held in Brigs*
under the auspices of the local council, and
on the following night he was with the council
in Chico. That night the council received five
applications.
During the past week Grand Councilor M.
Boehm visited as follows: On Monday he was
with Concord Council ; on Tuesday he was
with American Council, when two applica
tions were presented. On Wednesday he
visited Unity Council in Oakland, when there
was i hoiisewarming and an entertainment,
and on Thnwdsy he visited Social Council and
witnessed the initiation of fiva candidates.
To-morrow Hie Chosen Friend? will cele
brate the anniversary of the order by an en
tertainment at the Chutes. Under the direc
tion ot a committee there win be a number of
attractions, including a balloon ascension
during the day and fireworks during the even
ing. There oiil be /our set pieces and bat
teries and rockets. There will be a da'ice in
the pavilion.
Supreme Trustee W. F. Gibson of Social
Council baa oeen appointed superintendent of
the Oakland Consolidated Railway Company.
Young Men'a In«tltut«.
Grand Secretary Stanley, who has been ab
sent on a vacation for three weeks, will retnrn
to his desk next Wednesday.
The members of Borromenn Council had a
pleasant outing in Glen Ellen Saturday and
fcundey last. They made the summer cottage
of R. <». Dowdell their headqtarters.
San Jove Council of the Garden City and
Golden G&te Council of th.s City will hold a
joint picnic in San Jose on the sth of July.
The last-named council will on Wednesday
next initiate fifty-eight new members, and
then will give a banquet in Union-square Hall
In celebration of having passed the 300 mark
in membership.
Prank J. Kierce, S. D., has returned from his
visit East. While there he vim ed councils in
the principal cities and delivered lectures.
Last. Wednesday Frank J. Muratky lectured
before St. Mary's Council in Gilroy. Subse
quently he lecturod before ;San Carlo* Council
«t Monterey and before Santa Cruz Council.
These were lectures arranged by- the lecture
bureau.
The following official visits have been an
nounced for the month of June: California
Council. June 1; Washington Council, 3d;
Loyola Council, 7th; Colum lia Council, 9th:
J*nil Sheridan Council, 10th; Golden Gate
Council, llthl Borromean, 16th ; Menlo Coun
cil, 19th; American Co uncil, 21* t; Ban *r*n-
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 30, 1897.
NEW TO-DAT— DRY GOODS.
SPECIAL OFFERINGS FOE THIS WEEK'S BUSINESS!
LADIES' WAISTS.
C Ap-60 dozen LADIES' LAUNDERED SHIRT WAIBTS, in
O\J\j fancy stripes and figures, regular price $1, on special
sale at 60c each.
©i OO" 50 dozen la d*e:s' laundered shirt waists,
in fancy figured materials, detachable collars, regular
price $1 75, on special sale at $1 eaca.
VEILING. VEILING.
2~p— 100 doz. CREAM AND BUTTER WASHABLE VEILB,
*jyj regular price 50, on special sale at 25c each.
|
A()p— 6o dozen CREAM AND BUTTER WASHABLE VEILS,
*±V/t» regular price 75c, on special sale at 40c each.
LADIES' KID GLOVES,
KXn- 75 dozen LADIES 1 8-UUTTON LENGTH MOUSQUE-
OOKj TAIRE SUEDE KID GLOVES, in dark and medium
shades of tan and slate, regular value $1 25, will be on
sale at 55c a pair.
7~p— 50 dozen LADIES' 2-CLABP KID GLOVES, in tans,
i OKj browns and white, also black, regular value $1, will be
on sale at 75c a pair.
LADIES' HOSIERY.
I Xn—l2s dozen LADIES' FAST BLACK COTTON HOSE,
±O\j extra heavy heels and soles, worth $3 a dozen, will be
sold at 15c the pair.
LADIES' VESTS.
i
OX/»— 200 dozen LADIES' LISLE THREAD VESTB, in ecru
£iO\j and white, low necks and sleeveless, good value for $5 a
dozen, will be cleared out at 25c each.
OSTRICH FEATHER BOAS.
d»-| 7X UP— BLACK REAL OSTRICH FEATHER COL-
Ol.d'J LARETTES, 20 inches, ribbon ties, at |1 75, $2 50,
$3, $4, $5, $6 each.
LADIES' LEATHER BELTS.
LADIES' LEATHER BELTS, in a bip variety of styles and in
the latest colorings, AT LOWEST PRICES.
i I ;
3HZ Store Olosed A.ll Pay H/LondLSL-y, Decoration Pa/y. '
felt Murphy Building, J[
Marbt anfl Jones Mil
Cisco Council, 23d, and Eden Council, June
24th.
Young; Ladies' Institute.
The entertainment given last Monday by
Branch No. 1 for the benefit of its fund for the
relief of the sick was productive of good results,
as there was a good attendance, which was de
lighted with a choice programme of music and
literature.
Branch No. 32 of San Jose and Branch No.
44 of Livermore will attend the celebration
: hat Is shortly to be held in tne old church at
the Mission San Jose.
Companions of the Forest.
Last Tuesday Supreme Grand Chief Com
panion Mrs. Sarah Beversen and Supreme
Grand Secretary Mrs. F. N. Morrow paid a
visit to Alba Circle in Vallejo. The visitors
were heartily welcomed, and at the close of
the business of the circle they were honored
guesti at a banquet. Mrs. A. J. Williams, chief
companion, presided, and after the dinner
there were offered the following toasts, that
were responded to by those whose names fol
low the seutiment: -'Our Order," Mrs. Sarah
Beversen; "Our Finances," Mrs. F. N. Mor
row; "The Ancient Order of Foresters," Wal
ter Ayling; "Alba Circle," Mrs. Mary Brough;
"Our Honored Guests," James Murphy; "The
Press," J. W. Kavanaugh; "The Ladies," F. R.
Dunpny. During the ceremony there was a
programme in which Miss Annie McDonough,
Mrs. C. J. Christiansen and Mrs M. G. Perry
took part, and there was a dance to close the
evening's entertainment.
There was presented a very fine programme
at the entertainment given last Wednesday
evening in Mission Opera-hall by Liberty
Circle.
A week ago last night Loyal Circle gave a
social whicn was attended by a large number
of the friends of the order.
Ivan hoe gave a select social last Friday
evening.
Last Wednesday California Circle gave a
fisli pond party, at which there was a large at
tendance.
Last Thursday the erand officers visited
America Circle and were well received and
hospitably entertained.
Minerva Circle is making arrangements to
give a mugnet party on the evening of the
14th of June.
Washington Circle will give a social on the
17th of June in celebration of the fourteenth
anniversary of the circle and also Foresters'
day.
junior Order of American Mechanic*.
The last held meeting of Lincoln Council
was an open one and it was attended by a
large n timber of people, who were gratified
with addresses by 8. Joseph Thlesen, Cal
Ewing and others, and with song.i and instru
mental music
Monroe Council of Alameda was visited last
week by State Councilor Schacrtzer. This
council recently lost all its property by fire
and is now without a permanent home or re
galia. The council will soon rive an enter
tainment and ball to raise funds with which
to recoup. Yosemite Council has tendered
the distressed council the use of parapher
nalla with which to carry on Us work until It
secures a new outfit.
The County Union Committee of Alameda
will bold a meeting to-morrow.
Joseph Knowland will address a meeting of
the councils of Alameda County to be held in
the hall of Henry Clay Council on June 14.
There will also be addresses by one member
irom each council represented.
Ancient Order of Forester*.
Hlgh Sub-Chief Ranger M. Boehm paid a
visit to Court Advocate, in Oakland, last
Wednesday.
R. N. McLennan, past chief ranger of Court
Lincoln, is in the southern part of the State on
a touroi organization. Recently he organized
a court at Fallbrook, San Diego County, with
twenty-five members.
Court Justice will give a party to-morrow
night; Court Bohemia will give one on June
10, and Court Adelaide will give an entertain
ment and dance o» June 21.
Friend* of the Forect.
Next Wednesday ten delegates trom each of
the parlors of the Friends of the Koreit will
meet in St. George's Hell for the purpose of
organizing a grand parlor. Mrs. Annie Boehm
will preside.
Lincoln Parlor report! having received a
number ot applications.
Richmond Parlor initiated four candidates
at its last held meeting.
Pioneer Parlor gave a fine entertainment in
St. u-org'j's Hall last Wednesday, which was
witnessed by many, including visitor* from
Richmond and Lincoln parlors. There was a
sailors' hornpipe by Efflcer Mariot; eong, Mrs.
Neale; recitation, Miss Cohen; fancy dance,
Miss Kane; comic recitation, Mr. Thompson.
Then lollowed a dance, the grand march, being
led by Protestor and Mrs. Well a,
Finding ourselves HEAVILY
OVERSTOCKED we will, on
TUESDAY, JUNE I st, begin a sale
of extraordinary importance to all
intending buyers of fashionable
Dry Goods and Cloaks, as the
appended and the thousands of
other lines to be offered are ALL
OF THIS SPRING'S IMPORTA-
TION and at the CUT PRICES
now quoted are
The Greatest Bargain Offer-
ings of Desirable Goods
Ever Presented.
SILK DEPARTMENT.
/I Ap— 2ooo yards FIGURED FOULARD SILK, neat, hnnd-
some designs, regular price 90c, on special sale at 40c a
yard.
KA,»— 3000 yards FANCY FIGURED FOULARD SILK, extra
0 1/O heavy, regular price $1, on special Bale at 50c a yard.
/»*-— 5OO yards BLACK BROCADED SATIN, medium and
HOC large designs, regular price $1, on special sale at 65c a
yard.
6~ _300 yards BLACK RHADAME SATIN, 24 inches wide,
')' ' heavy quality, regular price $1, on special sale at 65c a
yard.
(glf Murphy Building, J
Market anfl Jonss Streets.
Ex- Attache on the Prevalence
of Mourning in Europe.
It is difficult to convey an idea to the
people in this country of the anxiety
which prevails not only is England itself
but also in every quarter of the vast do
minions of Queen Victoria concerning her
own health as well as that of every mem
ber of her large-sized family. It is not so
much on the ground of loyalty that this
anxiety exists just now, although it can
not be denied that the reigning dynasty
of Great Britain, and her Majesty in par
ticular, enjoy probably to a greater degree
than any other sovereign house the re
gard and affection of their fellow-country
men, but It is the dread lest any tin*
toward event should occur to render use
less the extensive and costly preparations
which have been made to celebrate in
an appropriate manner the sixtieth
anniversary of the Queen's accession to
the throne. Every one in the British
empire is looking forward to what is
commonly known as "having a good
lime in connection with this gre.at na
tional festival. The rich ana the well-to
do are organising all kinds of entertain
ments for their own enjoyment and for
that of their friends and acquaintances.
The business classes anticipate a golden
harvest from the revival of trade which is
certain to be entailed by tne expenditure
in connection with the celebration, while
on every side plant* are being made for
ameliorating the lot of the poor and the
working classes, both the Queen and the
Prince of Wales having impressed upon
the public the fact that they would ap
preciate more highly that form of cele
brating the diamond jabilee than any
other that conld possibly be devised.
Besides this enormous sums, amounting
to many millions of dollars, have been al
ready invested in decorations for adorn
ing the route of the royal procession
through the streets of the British metrop
olis on June 22, entire brick buildings
having been torn down and reconstructed
in a different fashion in order to present a
pleasing spectacle to the eye and to offer
accommodation to sightseers on that sin
gle day. Now all these preparations will
have been useless, all the money already
spent will be lost beyond redemption, and
all hopes and projects disappointed in the
event of any death taking place within
the next four weeks that would entail
court mourning. True, a number of the
mercnants, business men and speculators
in London have endeavored to protect
themselves against loss in this particular
by insuring the life of the Queen, policies
to the amount of some $10,000,000 having
been taken out on her Majesty, which will
become payable in case she were to die
before the end of June. But it must be
remembered that in the first place this
would only serve to indemnify a relatively
■mall number of individuals for their dis
appointment and loss, and that, more
over, these policies do not take into ac
count the possibility of the sndden demise
of one of the sovereign children, grand
children or other near relatives, of whom
she has nearly 100, and any one of whose
deatns would suffice to put an end to all
ideas of festivities in consequence of the
necessity of court morn in -.
Court mourning may be described as the
n ightmare of European court life, as well as
of that portion of the official world and of
society which are more or less intimately
connected with the court. No entertain
ment can ever be organized, no festivitj
planned, without the everlasting dread of
some royal death taking place to render
necessary a postponement or an abandon
ment of the entire affair. Annoying for
the men, it is still more so for the women,
since they never know until the very last
minute whether they can wear colors or
whether they are condemned to garments
of sable hue. For even when the relation
ship of the dead Prince or Princess
of the tlood is so remote as to ren
der unnecessary the postponement of
social and official functions and en
tertainments, court mourning is, nev
ertheless, de rigueur for a period
ranging all the way from ten days to three
months, during whicn time every woman
with pretensions to social standing is ex
pected to array herself in black and to
relegate her diamonds, her rubies, her
sapphires and her emeralds, as well a3 her
tnrquoises, to her casket, and to wear
nothing in the shape of jewelry out pearls,
which are the symbol of tears, while the
men are expected to add a mourning band
to their hat, to restrict themselves to
black ties for day wear, and if entitled to
wear a uniform to adorn the sleeves
thereof with an arm band of crepe. Royal
personngei and court officials are great
sticklers about such matters as these, and
while any lady who ventures during a
period of court mourning to attend a
dawiig-room or court function in colored
attire exposes herself to a very ungracious
reception on the part of the royal person
ages present, there have even been nu
meror.s occasions where women have
actually been prevented by the officials of
the Lord Chamberlain's Department from
entering the presence of royalty at all, in
consequence of their being dressed other
wise than in the prescribed black toilettes.
Just at the present moment all the
courts of Europe are in mourning for the
deaths of tne Duchess of Alencon in the
great tire in Paris and of her uncle, the
old Due d'Aumale, at Zucco, his place in
Sicily. True the mourning is only for a
fortnight. But royal relationships nowa
days are so extensive that what with one
thing and another two-thirds of the year
may be said to be spent m court mourn
ing. Under the circumstances the reign
ing families of Europe are naturally re
luctant to saddle themselves with addi
tional burdens in this respect and it is
to this consideration in part that must be
ascribed their failure, with one notable
exception, to decree court mourning
for the Empress mother of Ja
pan, a neglect which has given
no end of offense to the Mikado. There
was but one sqvereign in Europe who went
to the length of putting his court into
mourning during the space of a fortnight
for this great lady of the Orient, and that
waß King Leopold of Belgium, who was
prompted thereto by motives which must
be described as of an economic character,
rather than by reasons of sympathy and
sorrow. For he is largely. Interested in
the fortnightly line of steamships between
Antwerp and Yokohama, which has
recently been inaugurated, and which is
heavily subventioned by the Japanese
Government, while he is doing his utmost
to promote the trade and commerce
between his kingdom and the Land of the
Rising Sun, where he nopes to find a new
COLORED DRESS GOODS.
2 cases 36-INCH FANCY STRIPED DRESS GOODS, extra IK n
val ue ior 25c a yard, on special sale at lull
3 cases 38-INCH ALL-WOOL NOVELTY CHECKS, two- QK n
toned colorings, former price 50c yard, on special sale at uwu
1 case 46-INCH EXTRA FINE ALL-WOOL ENGLISH
NAVAL SERGES, cloth shades, good value for 75c a KfU
yard, on special sale at uuu
BLACK DRESS GOODS.
2 ca«es 38-INCH FIGURED ENGLISH ALPACAS, AC-
marked down from 50c a yard, will be placed on sale at bJu
2 cases 47-INCH ALL PURE WOOL ENGLISH SERGES, Cn p
marked down from 75c a yard, will be placed on sale at JUU
LINEN WEEK.
Good-Grade Linens at Low Prices. Buy
before the new tariff runs their values up. We
have speculated very largely, and big buying
means our own prices. They will be youra
this week. All fine grades, too.
BLEACHED IRISH LINEN TABLE DAMASK, solid, Cfl n
tine and stylish, 60 inches wide, a great line at. . . Yard uUu
HIGH-GRADE BLEACHED TABLE DAMASK, a $1 25 Qfl n
quality, 72 inches wide, special this week at Yard uUu
CREAM TABLE DAMASK, heavy, all-flax goods, 60 inches JR.
wiae, value 6sc, on sale this week at Yard tJu
A nice line of BLEACHED TABLE DAMASK, not all Qf)l n .
linen, 58 inches wide, special tins week Yard uu2U
IRISH LINEN ROLLER TOWELIN3, bleached or un- Ql ft
bleached, undressed and pure flax, special at Yard O3U
IRISH LINEN HUCK TOWELS, the good quality, flji Cfl
size 19x39 inches, special this week Dozen UH.JU
tjtf REMNANTS — NAPKINS, TABLE DAMASKS,
TOWELS AND TOWELING on sale this wee*.
If ijj Murphy Building, /
Martet anil Jones Streets.
and profitable market for Belgian manu
factures.
At tiie present time there is no court in
Europe where the rales for mourning are
90 onerous as that of Russia, and when
either an Emperor or Empress there dies
all Muscovite official* an i dignities above
a certain rank are compelled not only 10
> array themselves and their families in
habiliments of woe, but also to clothe their
servants in deep mourning, to have their
carriages upholstered in black and to have
the coats of arms, crests and monograms
removed from the panels of their equi
pages, while one of the salons of the resi
dence muse be draped completely in black
cloth, with the furniture upholstered in
black. Moreover, all the gold and silver
embroideries on the uniform of the offi
cers and officials has to be carefully cov
ered with crape. This is a terrible ex
pense, since the slightest drop of rain or
snow has the effect of taking the dye out
of the crape and damaging the embroidery
beyond repair. Many of these uniforms
cot-t as much as $800, and ordinarily the
pay attached to the offices of those enti
tled to wear them is not so big as to admit
of their spoiling many of such uniforms.
Until a few years ago it was a rule at
the courts of Europe that no mourning
should be donned by royalty, or should
be officially decreed for wear at court,
save in the cases of -he deaths of full
fledged Princes and Princesses of the
blood. It did not matter if a sovereign
or a royal personage had some morgan
atic relation, either in the shape of a wife
or of a child, or some dear and intimate
friend of meraly noole or plebeian rank,
whose departure for another world con
stituted nothing less than a bereavement,
and an irreparable loss. They were not
supposed to assume mourning in such in
stances as these, no matter how heart
broken they might be. Queen Victoria,
however, may be said to have inaugurated
a new era in this particular. For she took
the unprecedented step of decreeing official
mourning for Princess Julia of Uatten
berg, the plebeian born and morganatic
wife, or rather widow of Prince Alexander
of Hesse, a lady who on the Continent
was not even considered as "boffechig,"
that is to say qualified for presentation at
court. Queen Victoria's action gave rise
to no end of diioussion. For in decreeing
court mourniug for the Princess Batten
berg, she practically compelled all the
foreign Embassadors and envoys accred
ited to her court to pay the same tribute
of respect to the dead lady, and there
were many of the Continental sovereigns,
notably Emperor William of Germany,
King Christian of Denmark and Emperor
Francis Joseph of Austria, who did not at
all relish the idea of iheir Embassadors
putting themselves into mourning for so
insignificant a person as the morganatic
relict of a mere Serene Highness such as
Prince Alexander of Hesse, indeed, a
yast deal of very acrimonious diplomatic
correspondence ensued in consequence
thereof between the Foreign Offices of
Vienna, Berlin and Copenhagen, and that
of Great Britain.
In conclusion let me state there is one
point of analogy between the courts of the
Orient and those of tne civilized Occident
in connection with tne death of royal per
sonages. It is the sort of grim comedy
which provides that a. royal personage
shall be regarded as alive until the qbse
quies are actually celebrated. As far as j
Europe is concerned it is an etiquette
which belongs to a by-gone age and which
should find no place in our present en
lightened era, since it savors of something
akin to mockery and cannot but be most
painful to those near and dear relatives
who have been bereaved. Thus just before
the funeral the royal corpse holds a
sort of levee or reception when all
the great dignitaries of the realm
and members of the court pass
one by one before the august doad
bowing low and kissing the cold and
clammy hand of the cadaver. It was a
ceremony that was not even omitted in
the case of poor Crown Prince Rudoph of
Austria, although the crushing in of the
top of his skull and of the' left side of hi*
head by those who took part in the ter
rible tragedy at Meyerling necessitated
the use of the utmost skill on the part of
the physicians and embalmers to conceal
from the public the traces of the injuries
which be had sustained. The reluctance
of the reigning families to omit this)
species of post-mortem reception is be
cause its absence invariably gives rise to
the most extraordinary rumors and re
ports, the late King John of Saxony and
Czar Alexander I of Russia having been
asserted to have survived their official ob
sequies for many years owing to their not
having lain in state.
At certain courts (notably at that of
France in the days of the Bourbon kings)
dinner was Jaid for the i'lustrious dead
every night and aunounced in the custom
ary manner by the grand master of cere
monies to the corpse as it lay in state, and
in the following words: "Sire, the dinner
is served according to your Majesty's or
ders." The officer standing on duty beside
tne bier would respond, "His Majesty has
been graciously pleased to dine already
and desires to remain undisturbed,"
whereupon the master of ceremonies
backs out with three low obeisances to the
dead and orders the meal to be taken
away. Tbis continues every day until the
final obsequies. Much the same grewsome
pantomime was enacted at the time of the
death at Formosa of the Japanese Im
perial Prince and Field Marshal Kitashi
rakawa, so well known in this country.
Japanese court etiquette requires that no
official information of the death of
a member of the reigning family shall ba
made until after the celebration of certain
mortuary ceremonies in his or her own
palace. The dead Prince was therefore
brought all the way back from Formosa to
Tokio as a live man. The general order
announcing his departure to the troops
bore what purported to be his signature.
The man-of-war that conveyed his corpse
to Japan flew no emblems of mourning as
its masthead. Meals were served in the
cabin where the dead Prince lay, and mili
tary and naval reports were made to hit
deaf ear every morning and evening just
as if he were alive. On reaching port he
was disembarked with naval and military
honors and arrayed in a uniform of field
marshal, was seated in a saloon carriage
on the railroad, his staff taking their
places around him. Arriving at Tokio ha
was conveyed not to a h arse, but to a
state coach, seated in which and sur
rounded by a cavalry escort he was driven
to his palace. Only on the following day
did the Qovernment issue the public and
official announcement of his death.
Ex-Attachk.
A Dangerous Spot.
A short time ago an old lady went on
Nelson's flagship, the Victory. The dif
ferent objects of interest were duly shown
her, and on reaching the spot where the
great naval hero was wounded (wnich la
marked by a raised brass plate) the officer
remarked:
"Here Nelson fell."
"And no wonder! " exclaimed the old
lady. "I nearly feil there myself."
Pozzoni's Complexion
Powder produces a soft and beautiful skin:
it combines every element of beauty and
purity.22
&bt cfali
SUNDAY MAY 30, 1897
CHARLES M. SHOKTRIDOti,
Editor and Proprietor. .
SUBSCRIPTION RATES-Postage Free:
Pally and Sunday Call, one week, by carrier.. $0.18
Daily end Sunday Call, one year, by ma 11.... 6.00
Daily find Sunday Call, six months, by mall.. 8.00
Dally and Sunday Call, three months by mall 1.60
Dally and Sunday Call, one month, by mall.. .65
Sunday Call, one year, by ma 11..:...... 1.60
Wiutu Call, one year, by mall 1.6©
BUSINESS OFFICE:
7JO Market Street, ■
Fan Francisco, California.
Telephone .....:....Maln~lßßS
EDITORIAL ROOMS:
617 Clay Street
Telephone Main— ll74
BRANCH OFFICES:
627 Montgomery street, corner Clay open BntD
ft tBO o'clock.
359 Hayes street; open until 9:80 o'clock.
615 Larkin street, open until 9:80 o'clock.
BW, earner Sixteenth ana Mlsaioa street*, open
i:ctll 9 o'clock.
2618 Mission street, open until 9 o'clock.
167 Ninth street, open until 9 o'clock.
1505 Folk street; open until 9;80 o'clock.
SW. ceraer Twenty-second an* X«tucky
•treats; open till 9 o'clock.
OAKLAND 0FPIC8:
998 Broadway.
EASTERN OFFICE:
Booms 81 and 32, 34 Park Row, New Tor* City.
DAVID M. FOLTZ, Eastern Manager.
THE CALL SPEAKS FOR ALL.
THE SUMMER MONTHS.
Are you poing to the country on a vacation ? If
fO, It is no trouble for us to forward THE CALL to
jcur address. Do not let it miss yon {or you will
miss it. Orders given to the carrier or left at
business Office will receive prompt attention.
KO EXTKA CHABOK. Fifty cents per month
for summer months.
Memorial day in the churches.
Attend the solemn services in honor of
the brave.
Public school patriotism was made glo
iiously manifest on Lincoln day.
Crop prospects are brightening up Into
something like a guarantee as well as a
promise of prosperity.
Prepare yourself to-day to take a patri
otic part to-morrow doing honor to the
memory oi the Nation's heroic dead.
Now that there are so many counterfeit
half-dollar and five-dollar pieces going the
round of trade the man who is receiving
no money is saved a lot of trouble.
While the cut-rate war lasts it will be
about as cheap to go to Oregon as it is to
stay at home, but it will be better to stay
at home and enjoy the local picnics.
The British Parliament has been once |
more reminded that the Irish problem
will continue to be a aisturbing factor in
politics until it has been solved in toe
Irish way.
If Senator Tillman continues to jab his
pitchfork into the sn;ar scandal and make
the muck fly the Senate will have to do
something to purify itself, even if it doei
no more than appoint a whitewashing
committee.
The assertion that McKinley will follow
Cleveland's policy in regard to Cuba is the
worst thing the Democratic organs are
saying of the administration, and it it
also the wickedest, for it is an unmitigated
mongrel slander begot by politic! out of
lake journalism.
General Barnes expressed the feeling of
the people generally as well ai of the vet
erans of the Grand Army when he said
that on witnessing the patriotic observ
ances of the public schools he "felt grate
ful to whomsoever it was that first thought
of celebrating Lincoln day."
Claus Spreckels has furnished another
to the many recent exposures of the Ex
aminer fakes and, like several others, it
was of the kind called "crushers." Mr.
Spreckels, it will be remembered, knows
how to handle beet* and how to t>ut them
through a process that taxes the sap out
of them.
The Sultan's objection to Dr. Angeli as
an embassador to his court is perhaps an
outcome of his newly acquired haughti
ness. He wishes to prove to the world
that he can run his Government as well
as bis harem, and we happened to be the
first Nation he has had a chance to show
his style on.
Labor organizations have united their
voices to that of The Call in urging an
immediate beginning of rigorous work on
the Hall of Justice, and they are fully jus
tified in so doing, for while the work will
be beneficial to the wnole City it will be
especially beneficial to men who are look
ing for work and wages.
Chicago is desperately maintaining her
reputation for versatility. On Wednes
day, three of her citizens died as the re
sult of a whisky-drinking contest; a jeal
ous woman of that city sDoiled the beauty
cf her rival with a curry-comb, and a Chi
cago millionaire was tried and found
guilty of stealing a penny from a news
boy.
Those were golden words which Secre
tary Gage spoke at the commercial ban
quet in Cincinnati: ''Faith and courage
lead to conquest and victory. Distrust
paralyzes ana destroys. Don't let inertia,
engendered by fear and distrust, creep over
you. The future is not dark with fore
bodings. It is Illumined with rational
hope."
The experiments in the cultivation of
hemp in the vicinity of Gridley are re
ported to be very satisfactory. From 600
to 10CO pounds to the acre is produced, and
it sells readily at $120 per ton. In Eng
land the average growth of hemp is four
to six feet, while near Gridley it grows
from ti,;hi to twelve feet high. It is be
lieved that the hemp industry there will
prove very profitable.
It is .-aid the inner circles of court soci
ety in London are criticizing very severely
the Duchess of Marlborough for wearing
a bright blue dress on her recent visit to
the Queen when all the court was in
mourning for the victims of the recent
fire in Paris. It seems therefore that
while our American girl has caught on to
the court all right she hasn'tquite cauzht
on to the way to swing it.
Topolobampa co-operative colony ash
ended, like other Utopian schemes, in dis
tress and misery. Of the colonists who
went down to the Pacific coast of Mexico
in the hope of enjoying a terrestrial para
dise there, only those remain who are
destitute and unable to get away. Thus
bursts another Bellamy bubble. Major
Winchell's sugar-beet colony, run on lib
eral and common-sense principles, is the
kind of a colony best calculated to bring
to its members comfort and happiness.
PUT AWAY DISTRUST.
The speech of Secretary Gage at the
! commercial banquet in Cincinnati on Fri
day evening was marked by the eloquence
of rieht words fitly spoken. It Rave utter
ance to sentiments of permanent value
and yet having a particular relation to the
conditions of the present time. It was
therefore something more than an after
dinner address, and will have a beneficial
effect in steadyine the public mind and
strengthening popular confidence in the
administration and in Congress.
The keynote of the speech was em
bodied in the words, "Faith and courage
lead to conquest and victory. Distrust
paralyzes and destroys." The attacks
which have been made upon both houses
of Congress and upon the pending tariff
bill Dave had the effect of creating discon
tent, uncertainty and fear. As the
speaker said, these attacks are injurious
and have sowed evil seeds in many direc
tions. They have engendered a sentiment
of distrust "dividing classes, destroying
unity and breeding hatreds." Tha result
nas been to retard the revival of trad,e and
the restoration of prosperity.
There is no justification for partisan at
tacks on the Government in any of its
branches, nor any reasonable foundation
for fears which may be felt by any class
of citizens Speaking for the administra
tion, the Secretary declared it would
faithfully fulfill all the pledges made to
the people during the campaign, and
added: "In good time and in proper or
der affirmative evidence of my declaration
will appear." All assertions or suspicions
of any forgetfulness of those promises
were declared to be "unjust and un
founded."
The Secretary could not speak for Con
gress with the sane authority he has in
speaking for the administration, but ne
nevertheless bore testimony to the zeal
and Kood faith of those in both houses
having tha tariff bill in charge. His
statement on this point at Cincinnati was
confirmed by a remark made at Washing
ton almost at the same time by Senator
Vest. At the close of the day's debate on
the tariff the Senator said: "More prog
ress has been made in the Senate on this
bill in three days than was made on the
existing tariff in three weeks."
There is indeed every reason for the
American people to be well content with
the prospects before them as regards both
individual industry and the Government.
There has never been a tariff bill on
which there has been less partisan light
ing and a more earnest effort to provide
for the welfare of the people and the Na
tion. Nothing is needed to hasten the
coming of good times but a relief from
the distrust that paralyzes and destroy*
and a return to the faith and courage that
lead to conquest and victory.
The Secretary's words of counsel and
chier should be read and heeded by all.
'•In the meantime, my friends, do your
part to help those charged with the legis
lative and administrative duties. Don't
let inertia, engendered by fear and dis
trust, creep over yon. We have been pass
ing through a period of great trial and
nobly we have endure! the strain. The
future is not dark with lorebodings. It is
illumined with rational hope."
TOR FREE CUBA.
The appeal issued by the Cuban League
of the United States for a National sub
scription of $1,000,000 to aid the cause of
Cuban independence is an evideuce that
the friends of the patriots in this country
have not allowed their energies to be re
laxed by reason of the brightening pros
pect of success, but are as active as ever
in speeding the struggle and hastening it
to an early and victorious consummation.
There is every reason to believe that if
prompt aid is given to the Cubans now
the long protracted war can be brought to
a close before the end of the year. The
Spaniards are despondent, while the Cu
bans are flushed with victory and san
guine ol success. Every report from the
island brings news of additional defeats
for the Spaniard and triumphs for the
patriots. Weyler has ceased to make even
a pretense of campaigning in the field and
confines his efforts to maintain his garri
sons in the scattered fortresses with which
the provinces are dotted. This is clearly
significant of the approaching end. When
an invading army abandons the aggres
sive and seeks only to defend itself its
final surrender can only be a question of
time.
"There are tides in the affairs of men
which, taken at the flood, lead on to for
tune." That tide came in the American
Revolution when Cornwallis stopped in
his march from the southern to tne north
ern colonies and intrenched himself at
Yorktown to await aid from England. It
was Washington's opportunity, and for
tunately, by the aid of the French fleet
and French munitions of war, he was able
to take advantage of it and strike the de
cisive blow. The tide has come for Cuba
now. If we can give to her but a portion
of the assistance France gave to us Cuba
will be free.
The appeal issued by the Cuban League
is most timely and opportune. Money
advanced for Cuban independence now
will bring a sure and speedy return. With
the amount asked the patriots will be able
to arm themselves, and Garcia can assume
the aggressive and force the Spaniards to
take to their ships for safety. There
ought, therefore, to be a prompt response
to the appeal. Colonel Ethan Allen, pres
ident of the league, in a dispatch to Mayor
Phelan urging contributions in this City
says: "The country will follow. New
York will do her part." This is indeed
no local movement The independence of
Cuba is an American cause, and all Amer
icans should give to It sympathy, encour
agement and help.
THE MEERSCHAUM CENTENARY.
To those who find soothing delight in
the after-dinner pipe, or who, on care-free
evenines, reclining in chairs of ease, love
to court the fancies that rise and wave
about in the wreathing smoke, and van
ish, only to be followed by troops of
others with every succeeding puff, the
present year unfolds a tale of interest;
and this interest will be a hundred-fold
greater if the smoker has once touched
his lips to the silicate gathered, on the
plains of Eski-shehr. This year, in fact,
records the centenary of the meerschaum
pipe.
The man who possesses a meerschaum
pipe deems himself blessed beyond the
common run of mortals. He guards it as
he would the choicest gem. When he has
enjoyed its solace for a time, he carefully
puts it away in a satin-lined case, and
secures it in his treasure-house, perhaps,
till the hour shall come again to welcome
it to his lips and pleasure. Woe be to the
wretch who would scratch or mar that
pipe, which smokers have hailed as a gift
of the gods. Its owner watche?, with a
species of delight, its changing color,
from snowy whiteness to a creamy tint,
from which it then gradually takes on a
hue of brown, until, after years of use, it
reaches finally a brilliant, deep chestnut
brown, nearly black. He waxes it all this
time that it may color evenly, and is par
ticular to handle only the amber mouth
piece when he smoke?. But, of course,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 30, 1897.
all this refers to the genuine article— the
real hydrated silicate of magnesium.
The waxed egg-shells and oth?r products
of meerschaum factories, known as the
meerschaum of commerce, can never de
ceive the man who has once tasted the
sweetness of the real meerschaum.
The raw material was first brought to
Prague just one hundred years ago and
was first converted into a pipe by a Mag
yar. Men have derived immeasurable
comfort from the meerschaum pipe since
1797. It has been blessed by poet and
painter, statesniAn and warrior. Enthusi
asts go so far as to say that history, with
out a doubt, has been diverted into new
channels by the meerschaum; that be
cause of the cheer of the right pipe at th«
right time generals have won cam
paigns, and they quote the instance of
General Lassalle, who always led his
cavalry with a meerschaum between his
teeth.
The century will probably be celebrated
in Vienna, the central point of the meer
schaum industry, and it is even suggested
that a monument be built to the memory
of Eduard Cardon, who made more good
meerschaum pipes than any man of his
day, the kind through whose heated bowls
a needle can be passed without leaving a
trace. To own one of Carbon's pipes is to
be a thirty-third degree member of the
smokers' order. Edwin Uootn was the
possessor of one, and he is said to have re
garded the genuine article as something
productive of about the fullest measure of
earthly bliss. If the meerschaum has
contributed io largely to the comfort of
mankind it is proper that the meerschaum
centenary should not be allowed to pass
unobserved.
PATRIOTISM IN THE SCHOOLS.
A fitting and beautiful prelude to Me
morial day was ihe Lincoln celebration
by the myriads of school children of the
City, assisted by veterans of the Grand
Army. Nothing more inspiriting, in a
patriotic sense, can well be Imagined in
this timo of peace than the spectacle of
white-haired soldiers, clad as of old in
uniforms of blue, bending their aged
forms to greet the shining faces of the
little boys and girls at school, and to the
new generation — listening with eager
ness—breathing some recollections of the
war in which the union of States was ce
mented forever by the blood of the He
public's loyal citizens.
Our schools and their teachers merit a
hearty commendation in the premises.
To their credit be it said that the Grand
Army orators who were seiecte I to tell
the children something about Abraham
Lincoln found to their surprise and de
light that even the smallest of the pupils
knew almost as much as they about the
great emancipator. Such was the story at
every school, and not a single child could
fail to be impressed by thoia exercises
with a high sense of country pride ana
love for the flag and all the flag means.
The children of our schools are the
hope of the Nation. Its future depends
upon their loyalty and devotion. Then it
is not only right and just, but imperative,
that lessons of patriotism should be taught
in schools throughout the length and
breadth of the land.
We have a history as glorious as that of
any nation that the sun shines on, and
names that jrlow as brightly on the scroll
of fame as any that Greece or Borne pro
duced. Our pride, as a Nation, should be
as strong as our own annals are glorious;
and especially should we cherish those
examples of moral worth, firm character,
sublime courage and splendid heroism
that adorn our country's story from the
beginning.
Lincoln day should Be set apart on the
calendar for like appropriate recognition
and celebration in each succeeding year.
In a score of years from now there will be
no more Grand Army on the field of life;
but while our schools put forth pupils
armed with such Knowledge and apprecia
tion of their country's history as the San
Francisco public schools to-day assure
there need be no fear for the future.
Then, if ever foe should assail us, no mat
ter whence or in what guise be comes, or
how numerous his ships or great his
armies, there will be no dearth of Lin
colns; thera will be no dearth of Grants.
Their spirits will be with us, and that
means victory for our flag.
SUMMER TRAVEL.
The season of summer travel is almost
upon us and soon there will be a multipli
city of life in our picturesque mountains
and by the rollicking waves of our border-
Ing deep blue sea. And where on earth,
we may ask, can the tourist find more to
charm his vision, inspire his thoughts and
rejuvenate bis being than here on the
Balboa shore?
The remark is frequently made with re
gard to Californian3 that they do not as
a rule sufficiently appreciate their own
State. There is a large-sized grain of
truth in this. We long to view the sights
of Europe beforu we have seen the wonders
of California. The great waterfalls of
the Scandinavian Peninsula hardly com
pare in grandeur and sublimity with our
Yosemite. We have Alpine splendors as
well as Switzerland ; skies as blue as those
of Italy, and which are more balmy. Nature
nas been lavish with us in her bounties.
From the Oregon boundary down to the
Mexican line the observant traveler will
be presented with a series of the most
varying scenic pictures to be found the
world over. Our mountain lakes are no
where surpassed for placid beauty, and
our historic missions are replete with in
terest for the stranger. Big and small
game are found in abundance in our nills
and forests, and fish in plenty in our nu
merous streams. At our redwood giants,
which were saplings somewhere back in
Solomon's time, and have been growing
steadily ever since, the world will never
cease marveling.
Our citizens in general would acquire a
deeper feeling of State pride if they would
acquaint themselves more thoroughly by
means of travel with the Stato at large.
If you delight in travel and sightseeing
don't leave California until you are able
to describe to inquiring people of the less
favored countries you may wish to visit a
few at least of the wonders of the land
you call home.
MLN ANu WOMEN.
Havre has sent a bronze statue of Francis I,
weighing a ton, to St Petersburg as a present
from the town to the Czar.
Canon Gore, the well-known Anglican
clergyman and theologian, has written to say
that he will attend the convention of the
Episcopal Brotherhood of St Andrew, which
is to be held in Buffalo next October.
Mrs. Mary Drew PeaTey, who is believed to
be ttie oldest resident of Boston, celebrated
the 102 d anniversary of her birth on Monday
last. She sang songs and hymn* four times
during the day to the fiiends who called to
congratulate her.
Miss Nellie Peffer, a daughter of ex-Senator
Peffer of Kansas, is to be married to J. 8. Mc-
Ilnennyof Washington, at Topeka, Kans., on
Jnne 9. She has been of great assistance to
her father in his political career. She waa
the clerK of his committee while he was in the
Senate and acted as his private secretary.
Since his return to Kansas she has assisted
him in managing his paper.
WHY CHAUNCEY DEPEW DID NOT COMMIT SUICIDE.
j "People may say that happiness cannot come at will, but I believe it can."
j The speaker was Chauncey Depew, and he was addressing a representative of the Plttsburg
Dispatch. "I remember once when a young man I was on the point of suicide," continued
Mr. Depew. "I had lost all, including the savings ot several years— not representing pri
vations, but money that had been put aside Instead or spending it on Dassine pleasures that
| were tempting but not necessary to happiness; but worse than thelo.s of all my money was
the fact that I had managed to get
into debt while trusting in the bad in
vestments from which I suffered. What
galled most was the fear that creditors
would bring pressure to bear on ray friends.
It was bad enough to think that duns would
soon be convinced of the uselessneis of trying
to get anything out of me, out pride revolted
most at the thought that others were likely to
be squeezed in efforts to obtain a settlement.
I brooded for days on tha thought of self-de
struction. I discussed the various means of
uking off, until I became an expert in poisons,
pistols, drowning-, asphyxiation and the use
of the knife. I went into details in selecting
a weapon, and particularly speculated on the
best sort of pistol and point of aim for a man
unused to firearms.
''But gradually I awoke to the fact that man
has a dual nature. My worse and better feel
ings argued the matter out. On the one hand
I said to myself: 'You're made a bad mess of
things and you can't improve them by staying
here; you may as well give up the struggle
and get out.' On the other side something
within me said: 'Chauncey, you're a young
man; you have had a good education; you
have a gooa head. Be a man; face the battle
of life; take up your burden and make up your
mind to succeed.' So I faced the battle of life,
but on the heels of ray decision to do so
came another resolve. I realised for the first
time it wa3 necessary for me to extirpate the
seeds of heredity. My grandfather's death
was due to worry. Almost certainly my fath
er's had been from the same cause, and I had
just seen how early I had allowed troub'e to
tempt me to end niy own life. So I set myself
to work to extirpate the seeds of heredity and
assiduously cultivate the lighter side of my
nature. I determined to always look for the
funny aspect of things and travel miles lor a
good joke or story. The result has been that
1 have boen able to face the battle of life with
more cneerfulness and work harder than most
people; and what I prize still more is tnat
I've i ri'n able to help many another poor
devil along.
"Another result has been that almost every
newspaper in the country speaks of me as a
■flippant cuss,' and every now and then tone
oracle says, ' What & pity it is thatCnaunCey
Depew cannot be serious always. His words
hnd opinions then would carry some weight.'
But 1 liAve been so eminently satisfied by the
brightness brought into my life by the course I
have followed that if they were to guarantea me the Presidency of the United States and the
Chief Justiceship of its Supreme Court at the samo time on ihe condition that I would go
around making heavy, p.atitudinous speeches, I would refuse the offer.
"Times are hard and they have affected my interests as well as those of other folk. There
is little in the material condition of property or things in general to encourage me in cheerful
ness. But I can at least fiud cause for happiness in McKlniey's election, for I believe that,
ike me, he believes that 10-morrow should always be better than to-day, aad he has more
power to make it so than I have, thoagh he cannot be more inclined to try."
Then the newspaper man went away feeling that he had been given a glimpse of the inner
nature of one which would add much to the liking he had always had for him, and still more
to his respect. The man who can achieve a reputation as a humorist by extirpating the dolor
ous seeds of heredity and assiduously cultivating the brighter side 01 his nature is a man of
100 much strength of character to be regarded as a ''flippant cuss" and mere a£t«r-dinner
orator.
WAR AND CIVILIZATION
The Greco-Tnrkish war again brings up the
question whether war Is ever a necessity and
whether modern war conditions are inimical
to the highest interests of civilization as we
understand them to-day.
To be fully prepared for immediate war is
now recognized as a first necessity by all the
great Continental powers. • These conditions
profoundly affect the entire policy of these
states, both domestic as well as foreign. This
is a most remarkable feature of the present
stage of civilization and one worthy the full
est attention of the philosopher and states
man. So far-reaching a system cannot but
have a marked effect for good or evil upon the
nations concerned and through them utK>n the
whole civilized world.
If the result of the extraordinary advances
made In all departments of science during the
past halt century has been to enable nations
to butcher one another on a scale hitherto un
known, it may well be thought, at first glance,
that our boasted civilization is a mere gloss,
and that if the surface be but scratched all of
the fighting and destroying tendencies of
barbaric man will still be apparent.
In the minds of many extremist!* war is never
justifiable; no possible good can ever come
from it, and hence it should be Avoided on all
occasions and at any cost Needless to say if
such views had always held full sway and had
been carried to their logical conclusion we
would not now be enjoying the benefits and
privileges which can only come from being
citizens of a great and powerful country. To
condemn war indiscriminately is thus tanta
mount to denying the advantages flowing
from those larger aggregations of peoples
called nations.
Evidently, and without entering Into any
apology for war for its own sake, occasions
must often arise in the life of a nation when
war is not only justifiable, but actually de
manded by every consideration. Not all wars,
unfortunately, fall into this category. As long
as human nature remains unchanged we may
expect the same conditions to repeat them
selves, and once the war spirit of a people is
aroused calm reasoning is at an end. If to
provoke unnecessary war is a crime, scarcely
lets so is it for a nation to remain quiet under
insult and injury. To be prepared at all times
for war is to lessen the probability of its oc
currence, and in this sense a reasonable con
dition ol preparedness is the duty even of the
most peace- loving of nations.
Nations have often been compared to indi
viduals, and in the main the comparison is
exact. By war nations are born, by war they
g row, and by war they finally perish as or
ganized and separate communities. Peace is
enervating, while war develops many of the
finest qualities both of nations and of indi
viduals. If then the civilization of the present
day has made war in many ways more terrible,
on the other hand It has made it a thing not
lightly to be undertaken. Great wars are no
longer dynastical, but national. The whole
manhood of the nation is involved, and the
consequences of defeat or victory are therefore
vastly more far reach ing. Public opinion and
not the will of princes now controls the dogs
of war. A constant state of readiness for wnr
constitutes in itself the strongest guaranty of
peace. The very scale on which modern war
i» waged causes a serious drain upon the
richest country. The sinews of war are still
the same.
As a result of all these conditions wars be
tween civilized nations are becoming both less
frequent and of she rter duration, and will not
probably be undertaken until every other re
source is exhausted. Who can say that this
does not constitute a distinct advance for civ
ilization? It marks a decided change from
by-gone times, when war was undertaken
often upon the flimsiest pretext and dragged
its slow length along for years, with all the
interruption to progress which that Implies.
Now, when war is finally decided upon the
object will be to make it short, quick and de
cisive. It will be pushed to its legitimate
conclusion as quickly as possible. In this way
a lasting peace is assured wit li the least possi
ble Interference with existing conditions and
the cause of civilization correspondingly ad
vanced.
LIGHT ON A MYSTERIOUS WORD.
There are any number of queer items in a
tariff bill. Who can tell, at first thought or
after a day of careful study for that matter.
anything about pulu, or divi-divi, or styrax,
or calamine, or osmium, or any other of the
thousand-and-one curious names lor still
more curious articles that have to be enumer
ated?
All ot which is preliminary to a story which
a veteran member of Congrem told to a Wash
ington Post reporter the other day. It seems
that for a number of years there was in the
tariff laws a duty of 60 per cent ad valorem
imposed upon "alkakange." There it stood
in all ita glory, duly assessed, resisting all ef
forts to place it either on the free list or to
reduce the duty. When Judge Kelley of Penn
sylvania was the chairman of the Committee
on Ways and Means some tariff items had to
be tevised, and the suggestion was again
made that perhaps a duty of 30 per cent upon
"alkakange" would be sufficient. But all the
members of the committee, Horace Maynard,
and Schenck and Austin Blair, stood up in
earnest protest.
"What Is 'alkakange,' anyhow?" asked a
Democratic and inquiring member of the
Ways and Means Committee when the item
was reached.
"The idea of any one asking that auestion I"
exclaimed Judge Kelley, and all his colleagues
raised their hands In holy horror at such
ignorance.
As these exclamations did not answer the
question the Democratic free-trader sent for
an unabridged dictionary, and looking it all
through found no such word at alkakange.
He got no more instruction from an encyclo
pedia. He asked in vain of Ure's dictionary
oi science ana arts. The meraben of the com-
SSEL
•nittee began to grow worried. Finally they
summoned a prominent chemist, for, of
course, said they, alkakauge was a drug. But
the chemist said that to his knowledge there
was no such thing as alkakange in all the
pharmaconia.
At this point some one suggested that they
send over to the Government Printing Office
and ask the proofreader who had revised the
law. Certainly lie would know.
"Weil," saia the employe, who at last ap
peared, "the truth is that nineteen years ago,
when we h«d a page of the tariff" law on a
'form,' a part of the type dropped out, and it
was fixed up by one of tue primers. The only
thing he could make out of the combination
of letters was the word 'alkekango, ' and I sup
pose it has remained i- the law ever nince."
Perhaps pulu and <livi-divi and a few other
of the unpronounceable and wonderful things
in the present, tariff bill got in through the
same way. Who knows?
A THINKEK ON THINKERS.
Our good ol' Elder Hombleion he said he thought
l ought
To %li acquainted with Che lords an' emperors of
thourht: L ■ .
He said I bad oich nateral capacities or rain i
That I ought to glc familiar with the thinkers of
 mankind. ' k
An' so he fetched me Shakespeare's plays, an'
Milton's poems, too.
An' ol' George Eliot's novels next for me to waller
throu; h,
'An' sol wallered through 'em all, read through
the whole long shelf ; — '.' * '
I An' all the more X read their stuff the more I
loved myself. .: . r- v :
W'y, now. Jest look at Shakespeare; poof I that
fooling people praise. ■ , ;\
He made a terrible mistake to go to writin' plays.
The man couldn't think, he rambles on and Jumps
from this to that.
An' i dunno, an' he dunno, Jest wat he'sdrivln' at
I've thought more thoughts out hera to work; I've
thought more In one aay, ' .'
More genyulne thoughts than he could stick In
one whole ramblln' play.
There might be good plays wrlltln, sir; clays
number one an' prime—
But I must carry on my farm, an' I hain't got the
time. .;v.'X- ; -./?^ •'■>'*"-'
Now there's John Milton's poetry that makes slch
hullaballoo
'Taiu't sent?, 'taint rhyme, 'taint arglment, an' I
c don't believe It's true. ■
They call 'him a great thinker, hey? His thoughts
are great an' high ? . '
If he's a thinker. Lord alive! Good Gracious!
w'ai am IT . • . ■ •
He' got some gift for words, I know, bat he can't
strlDg 'em. See? . ■
Can't string 'em so they'll make a thought that
< holds up an Idee.
There, mieht be poetry written, air, chockfol of
. thought sublime, ■
Bat I must carry on my farm, an' I hain't got the
. ._ time. •> •^r'..-:- '■■■::,<
Now, there's George Eliot's novels, wall, I never
saw the man, ',
An' I wouldn't hurt his feelin's, but the stuff he
writ, I swan! ■ ■■' ; >
He tries to tell as stories, but he ain't got none
to tell; ' . • . ■
W'y, I, could tell 'em twice as quick, an' forty
,• times an well.
But I've jest wallered : through 'em all, read
... through i he whole long shelf, ..
An' all the more I've read the stuff the more I've
loved myself,
But there might be novels written that would be
first class -.in! prime;
But I must carry on my farm, an' I hain't got the
■ time. Sak Wai.tkr Fobs In New York tun.
ANSWERS TO 'CORRESPONDENTS.
Half-dollars of 1832— C, City. A half
dollar of 1832 does not command any pre
mium. ' f;'-'.:- ■
Dentistry— C. F. S., City. There are no
schools in San Francisco In which dentistry is
taught in the evening.
Thf. White House— M. J., city. President
McKinley and his family now occupy the
White House at Washington, D. C.
Shipping Fruit— J. H., Lompoc, Cal. Any
commission-house will pack and ship fruit for
yon to the point named in I your communica
tion. ■ . - ■ .-'■■-■ •■ . ■ ; '.■■-'■■■■■■ ■'■:■
.' Indefinite— Mrs. E. 8.. City. No definite
time has as yet been fixed for turning over to
the owner the building you name in your
communication.
Words op a Song— A.: 8., City. For a very
small sum you can obtain the words of "Then
You'll Remember Me," in any store where
sheet music is sold.
Not in the Bible— W., City. The quota
tion, = "every tub," etc., given in your com
munication, is not in the Bible, nor is it to be
found In any of the books of reference.
French Class— C. A. W., City. The French
language is not ; taught in the ; free evening
schools of I this City. At this time there Is no
proposition to establish a French class in the
schools named. ___^______" I!"
United States Court Clerks— Civil Service,
City. Neither the clerks nor the deputy clerks
in United States District and Circuit Courts are
governed by the civil service rules. The Judges
appoint the clerks and the clerks name their
deputies. ... ' v, . - . ,
: Graduates— H. M., City. This department
cannot inform you if a list of the graduates
will be published at any time before the grad
uating exercises are held. The publication of
such a list often depends upon the space at
command. . ; j , -:;- : ;\ ■■•:_.■.- :'■■"■: , \ .
;.;." Swords— A. L., City. Prior to : the battle
of Bunker Hill, swords were made for the Ro
mans ot tempered steel prepared by the Celti
berians, there 1 were -the; lamous . Damascus
blades manufactured during the Middle Ares.
Famous (.words were also made at Milan. The
Germans also made good swords. ,
Small Cotiaoes— Subscriber, Angels Camp,
Cala.ver.is County,' CaL There ■is ) no ; firm in
1 San Francisco that makes a specialty of build
ing small cottages that can be packed in sec
tion and then ; put together :at the point
where it is desired to 'locate them. v Any first
class carpenter ought to be able to build such
a cottage. _ * ■ :::••-.- ■■-'";'-'■ , ■ ■
Artificial Ice— E. ID. 8., Hanford, Kings
County, Cal. Various kinds of ice machines
have been manufactured, but the only practi
cal successes have been those employing the
expansion of a compressed gas, or of a liquified
vapor which cools during compression. The
gaseous amonic frigoric machines are isea
most widely, being so-called because thej em
ploy anhydrous ammonia. In prlnciplesucii
machines consist of an evaporator or con
g«aler,«in which the evaporizaiion of the am
monia takes plate; a pump for aspiratinf the
gas as formed in the evaporator; a liquifer or
condenser where the gas is compressed bf the
pump, the liquefaction being aided by a con
densing stream of cold waier. This last romed
portion of tne apparatus serves simply ;o re
store the ammonia to its original state, so
that it may be used over and over agaia. In
order to utilize the low temperature ob.ained
by this apparatus for making ice, the usual
practice is to run the ammonia into coils for
evaporation. These coils being led in coils of
brine, the evaporation robs the brine of its
heat, and cans of water being set itto the
brine are frozen. The usual sizes <f can
molds are for containing from 100 to 300
pounds of ice, but within a few yeirs the
manufacture of plate ice has come to be pre
ferred in many quarters. These plate." of ice
are about Bxl6 feet in size and from 1C to 16
inches thick. From eight to twelv* days'
time is required to freeze them.
Tne most recent ice machines built on the
principle described will produce abou. thirty
two pounds of ice per pound of coal cotsumed,
the proportion depending on the outr.de tem
perature at the time.
PERSONAL.
T. R. John* of Salem, Or., is in town.
Roth well Hyde of St Helena is in the City.
F. M. Brown of Vallejo is at the Coimopoli
tan.
M. H. Livingston of New York is visiting this
City.
T. H. Greeley of Marysville is a la» arrival
here.
11. C. Sargent of Stockton is spend.ng Sun
day here.
General T. B. Bunting of Santa Crux is in
the City.
J.W. McClymondg of Sacramento is at the
Occidental.
A. Peterson, a dairyman of Point Arena, is
at the Russ.
W. A. Rvan of Los Angeles is among recent
arrivals here.
F. D. Cabman of Portland, Me., Is at the
Cosmopolitan.
Dr. Ernest E. Doble of Boston wis among
last night's arrivals.
Lieutenant B. W. Wells Jr. of the United
States navy is at the Palace.
Edgar T. Wallace, an old-time resident of
Yreka, is on a visit to this City.
C. L. Drummond of London was tmong the
arrivals at the Palace yesterday.
Thomas G. Pierce, a wealthy resident of
West Chester, Pa., is at the Palace.
A. \V. Gilman, a prominent mln iag and busi
ness man of Denver, is a visitor here.
J. H. Lee of Chino, secretary of the Chino
Beet Sugar Company, is at the Occidental.
Edward R. Thompson, City Attorney of
Stockton, Is spending a few days here and is at
the Lick.
Among the arrivals at the Palace are Eliza
beth M. Deane of New York City and Mrs.
Demonet of Brooklyn.
Messrs. Harvey C. Warwick and Budd Sage
leave Tuesday for a trip into the wilds of Men
docino County in quest of big game.
Colonel William Forsyth of Fresno, who Is
extensively engaged in the raisin business,
arrived hers yesterday and is at the Occi
dental.
I. Bird, who owns a large area of land near
Merced and who this year has between 3000
and 4000 acres of wheat, is at the Russ, ac
companied by his wife and two children.
W. E. Balnea, who formerly owned a large
interest in the Jogging rafts, which have been
floated from the Columbia, returned here from
Portland yesterday after a month's absence.
A.. H. Latimer of Boston, a noted amateur
photographer, ono of whose specialties has
been takiug the pictures of famocs yachts, is
among the arrivals here. Yesterday he left,
with W. J. Street, George Jackson and Dr. Hip
pert of the Camera Club, for the Sonoma Val
ley and the Geys?rs to take pictures.
CALIFORrtiANs IN NEW YORK
NEW YORK, N\ V., May 29.— At the Bt.
Cloud— W. Wetherer Jr.: Warwick— C. H.
Catherwood; Cosmopolitan— T. Bott; Broad
way Central— F. Estrada; Netaerland— Mr. and
Mrs. A. J. iievy, L. A. Saulfield. Mr. and Mrs.
G. Nerson and family left the St. Cloud and
sailed on the Spree lor Bremen. Baron Xavier
da Tell and valet also sailed for Germany.
Mr. and Mrs. Thomas Blythe, W. S. Harrison
and J. 11. Rossiter sailed on tne limbria for
Liverpool; also Miss Ducommun of Los An
geles. Hother Wlsmer arrived on the Fried
rlcn der Grossc from Bremen.
WITH YOUR COFFEE.
The Editor— Who vu that man making such
a racket in here ft little while ago?
The Clerk— Oh, that was the fellow who lec
tured here last night The foreman got the
notice of the date of hlg lecture under the
heading, "Gas Fixtures."— Yonken Statesman.
Goslln— ln the papab. heah is an account of
a fellaw who killed his wife and committed
suicide, doncher knaw.
Sappy— Which did he do fawit, aw?
Goslln— The papah doesn't say. Vewy stupid,
Aw'm sure.— Harlem Life.
"Please dive me 10 cents' worth of stamps,"
Said she, with trepidation;
"All right, my child"— the stamp clerk
smiled —
"Of what denomination ?"
That great big word, the little miv
But for a moment daunted—
"My mamma is a Mefodls —
I dess 'at' s what she wanted."
__— L. A. W. Bulletin.
"I npv 9r like to hear a woman spoken of as !
an indulgent mother."
"Why not?"
"Indulgent mother* are the kind that never
interfere when their children annoy other
people."— Chicago .Record.
"I didn't know there bad been any death in
Miss Wayter's family."
"There hasn't. She's wearing black as an
experiment"
"An experiment?"
"Yes; old Giltedge has proposed, and she
wants to see bow she would look in mourn
ing." — cnlcago Journal.
"How far Is it from hers to Brushburg?"
asked a tourist of an old fellow who was hoe
ing wneds in a fleld of corn "down South"
"Is it far?"
"Waal, it hain't so very fer, nor it hain't so
very nigh. If you go raound by the big road
it's ferder nor it is nigh, but if you cut acrost
country it's nigher nor it is fer; an' if you
HEW TO-DAT.
*••••••*•••••*•»•» |
JEAGH DROP I '
;i "* ' ' :OF : 1
| Blatz !
1 The Star TV^ $
I Milw.ukee|3^^ V i
i *
.*'..' ■"■■'.. - ■ ■ ■ : - ■' ' : ",-.X
. * Adds a minute to your *
* life. The precious drops, *
* otherwise called "Aimer- *
{ tea's most exquisite Beer/ *
•[will be delivered promptly *
* if you drop us an order *
> by postal or telephone.; \t '
| VAL BLATZ BREWING CO. I
* Milwaukee, Wis., I. S. A. *
* LOUIS CAHEN & SON, *
J; Wholesale Dealers, •;, v * ■
J, •. . •♦ 1 6*418 Sacramento St. X
?* » * * k » A » * *^ *•••••••••••••
I keep right straignt ahead it's kinder betwixt
nighan'fer; but it's considerable of a ja'nt
Irom hyar no matter how you git thar,"—
Harper's Bazar.
Patient— lsn't it a little dangerous to ad
minister anaesthetics? Must bo terrible to
nave one die In your chair after you have
given him ether.
Dentist— Yes; it was for that reason that we
adopted a rule that where an anaesthetic U
given the patient must pay in advance.—Boa
ton Transcript.
E. H. Black, painier, 120 Eddy street
California Glace Fruits; 50c lb., In elegant
fire etched boxes. Townsend's, Palace Hotel.*
♦— ♦ — •
Colonel John S. Mosby has been taken from
Charlottesville, Va., to his home in Warren
ton. He has nearly recovered from the in.
juries received in the accident that lately be
lell him, except that he has lost the sight of
one eye. .-■
• — ♦ — ♦
Fpectal Information daily to manufacturer*
business houses and public men ■ by the Pnu
CUpping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Montgomery. •
» ♦ — •
NORMANXM CAFE,
Under Baldwin Hotel.
If you wish to have your oysters well pre
pared call at this place.
* — ■» ■»
Professor Douglass Archibald, who it con
sidered one of the most eminent meteorolo
gists, forecasts another hot summer for the
northern hemisphere, great masses of ice in
the Atlantic indicating an early polar spring.
The Great Santa F« Sy«tem
Leaves dally at sp. v. Through cars to Chicago,
with Pullman palace, drawing-room and modern
uphol«tered tourist sleepers now daily.
Tickets also sold via Portland, Ogden, Loa An
geles, Demtnp or El Paso to All points in th« United
States, Canada, Mexico, and soaniship tickets to
all points In Kurope. see time-table in adver
tising column. Son Francisco ticket ofhee, 844
Market street, Chronicle building, telephone Main
1631; Oakland, 1118 Broadway.
A hacking cough Is a weariness to tha flesh; bat
Ayer.s Cherry Pectoral Is a cure that never
falls. ■ - ::■-. •• ■ .
If afflicted with sore eyes use Dr. Isaac Thomp
son's Eye Water. Druggists sell it at 25 cents.
Rev. Dr. David S. Schaff of Jacksonville, 111.,
who has been called to the chair of ancient
history in Lane Theological Seminary, Cincin
nati, is known as the father of Rut by football
In America. He was the captain of the first
Vale football team when it played its match
with Columbia in 1872— the first intercol
legiate football erame in this country.
KEW TO- DAT.
gold rprr
WATCH I BILL
TO
Boys, Girls and
Young Ladies
AT
Great AisericanlfflDortlDiTea Ca
PURE FOOD STORES.
EVERY WATCH is a perfect time-
piece; 15-year guaranteed case.
REAL GEMS.
DON'T MISS THIS.
Opportunity to secure one rnrr
of these pretty, watches ■«*-■-•■
CALL AND ASK ABOUT IT.
STORES EVERYWHERE.
100 IN OPERATION.
Of
* AT AUCTION
I ' -^ — k
TUESDAY.
TUESDAY... ....JUNE 1, 1 8 9 7 .
At 12 o'clock noon,
AT OUR SALESROOM, 638 MARKET ST.
Opposite Palace Hotel, San Francisco.
WESTERS ADDITION INCOME PROPERTY
SB. cor. Jacktoa and Bachansn Sts.
An elegant Income-paying property, in the best
part of the Western Addition. Improvements—
Store, flats and four dwellings. Lot on Jackson
street leased to church. Can be further Improved
to pay big. Present rents $2400 per annum. '
Lot 147:814x137:6.
Terms— One-half cash; balance in 8 years at 6V%
per cent.
.DOWJTOWI RESIDENCE LOTS. "
Northwest cor. Kills and Franklin tits.
Gilt-Edge Residence Property.
Situated In one of the choicest and most conve-
nient portions of the city, only a short distance
from Market st, one block from Van Ness aye.
boulevard. Kills st. is bituminlzed. Cement side-
walk. ' Land level and ready for building. Beauti-
ful panoramic view of the city. Will be sold ai a
whole or In subdivisions.'
Terms— One-fourth cash; balance In 1, 2 and 8
years; interest 6Vi per cent.* '
PACIFIC HEIGHTS RESIDENCE.
• N. lino (Mo. 1900) of Vallejo St., 83 feet W. of
Octavia. - ■
Modern residence of 7 rooms and bath; sub-
stantially built; good condition: elegant neigh-
borhood; grand marine view. Lot 27 x 125 feet.
WEBSTEK-ST. IMPROVED PROPE RT*
I BW V cor. Wtbiter and WUdey sts., bet. Bu»h
and Pine. • ■• • .
Two rials on Webster st. and cottage on Wilder
St.; rents $384 per annum. Corner lot, 27:6 x
81:3 feet. j
ASHBURY HEIGHTS RESIDENCE LOT
E. line Clayton st., 340:9 feet S. of Waller.
A choice lot overlooking the park. Tne snr-
roundin; proprrty ii well Improved, and the dis-
trict is very select and progressive. Lot 25x100 S3.
MAGNIFICENT CORNER LOT.
BVV. corner of Pacific and JoDe* sts.
' All ready to Improve; would pay well with
stores below and flats above; good location for
business. , Large corner lot. 60x52:4. j,.. v
CASTRO HKIGHTS RESIDENCE. ;
W. line (No. 1020) of Castro s'.., 185 feet 8. of
I Twenty-third.
Modern 2-story bay-window residence of 8 rooms
ana batn; in tine condition. .Lot '21:3x90 feet. .
WESTERN ADDITION CORNER LOT.
SE. cor. Lacuna and O' Farreil sts.
■ - A large, handsome lot; * Hoe site for an elegant
home or flats; centrally located In a very choice
neighborhood. ■ Lot BUx9 )• j V : ■-■ ■
; MISSION HOME.
a line (No. 47) of Hill St.. 27 feet E. of Guerrero.
-A substantial, weil-bui't. 1 a.'-window house Of 7
rooms and bath, in the Hi jsion warm belt. . Lot
25x90 feet. :__ - '
RICHMOND LOTS.
Fart of Outside Land, Block 362, - B st , Nine-
teenth and Twentieth ayes. .
. Seventeen choice lots in progressive Richmond;
will be sold as a whole or In subdivisions. .
■i :EASTON, JiLDKIDGE & CO.,
1 Office and salesroom, t'33 Market St., opposite
Palace Hotel. ;» . V'
GROVE L JOHNSON
HAS KKMOVED HIS LAW OFFICES FROM
Sacramento .to Ban Francisco and formed a
partnership with Walter H. I. in forth and George
K. AYhliaker, with offices at 310 fine awBOOKS
AND
BOOKMARERS
MAHAN'S LIFE OF NELSON. '
THE LIFE OF NELSON' THE EMBODIMENT i
OF THK SEA POWER OF ORKAT BKIT
AIN—By Captai'i A. T. Unban, D.C.L., LLD.,
United States > a vy. In two volumes. Bosion:
L ttle. Brown *fa For sale in this Ciiy at all
bookstores. Frlce, fB.
The publication simultaneously in this
country and in England of Captain Mahan's
'•Life of Nelson" is the literary event of the
rear. The book hag been anxiously and im
patiently awaited on both sides of the water,
/or it was felt that previous biographies of
Eng : and's naval hero — those of Southey. of
Nicolas and of Russell, to cite the three best—
were all more or less detective. The student
of maritime matters has long been on the look
out for a standard work, free from technicali
ties and couched in readable English, that
would deal impartial justice to one of the most
important characters in the hisiory of Eng
land. The volumes before us are evidence
that the desired end has been reached, and it
is not too much to say that, dating from 1897,
Captain Mah.an'B work, will be accepted as
standard.
Captain Mahan possesses numerous qualifi
cations for the work ne has undertaken. He
is an officer of the United States navy, and has
seen continual service since 1859. He has
also won considerable reputation as a naval
historian, this being based upon his "Gulf and
Inland Waters," a history of the movements of
our navy during the Civil War; "The Liie of
Admiral Farragut"; "Tue Influence of Sea
Tower Upon History, 1660-1783," and "The
Influence of Sea Power Upon the French Revo
lution, 1793-1812," all these being recognized
as authoritative upon the subjects of which
they treat. To this add a charming style of
English composition, Combined with a per
fectly balanced and impartial method of han
dling facts, and it will be readily seen that we
have in Captain Mahan a writer eminently
fitted to act as sponsor for a new life of Nelson.
The idea of writing a biography of the hero
ol Trafalgar 15 rst occurred to Captain Mahan
in 1893, when he was ordered to the command
of the United States ship Chicago. lie had
then already formed the purpose (which he
has since carried out) of retiring from the
navy at the expiration ot forty years' service.
With this idea he had petitioned the depart
ment to release him, in order that he might
continue with his literary work. Tiie naval
authorities, however, refused to accept his
resignation, and a two years' cruise lollowed.
Trie captain endeavored to do his literary
work after his hours of duty, but, a?
can well re imagined by those pos
sessed of t*ie slightest acquaintance with life
on shipboard, he found this impracticable.
The "Life of Nel«on," therefore, has been
■written since Captain Manan's return from
his cruise on the Chicago in May, 1805, with
the exception of the first couple of hundred
pages, and these nave been largely revised
and amended from the original draft. Owing
partly to official duties as a lecturer at the ,
naval war college and partly to other engage- :
ments, the work was not begun until Novem
ber, 1895.
If there is one laudable characteristic pos
sessed by the author of the work under re- j
view and manifested in his treatment of the !
subject, it is a really liberal measure of mod
esty. To use his ownwordi: "Tne aim of the I
present writer, while not neglecting other
sources of knowledge, has been to make Nel
6on describe himself— tell the stcry of his own
inner life as well as of his external actions, j
To realize this object it has not seemed the
best way to insert numerous letters, because i
in the career of a man of action each one
commonly deals wHh a variety of subjects
■which bear to one another little relation,
except that, at the moment of writing, they
all formed part of the multifold life the writer
was then leading. * • * The author's
method has been to make a careful study of
Nelson's voluminous correspondence, analyz
ing It in order to detect the leading ieatures
of temperament, traits of thought and motives
of action, and thence to conceive within him
self, by gradual familiarity even more than
by formal effort, the character therein re
vealed." Such is the p'.an of the wort. as out
lined by its author, whu, steadfastly adhering
to his theories, has proved their superiority.
In his work Captain Mahan has baea at
particular pains to set down nothing in malice,
wnile extenuating nothing. He pictures to
us the man as he was, exhibiting both his
many good traits and his undoubted failings.
An invalid throughout his life, this fact is
mentioned by Nelson's biographers as a factor
in his career which should not be lost to mm d,
inasmuch as "on the one hand it explains iv
part the fretfnlnsss which at times appears,
and on the other brings out with increased
force the general kindly sweetness of his
temper, which breathed with slight abatement
through such depressing conditions."
Of the mental characteristics of Nelson,
Captain Mahan has this to say:
"The breadth and acuteness of Kelson's in
tellect have been too much overlooked in the
admiration excited hy hit unusually grand
moral endowments ol resolution and fearless
ness of responsibility. Though scarcely what
could be called an educated man he was oue
of close and constant ooservation, thereby
gaining a great deal of information; aaJ to
the use of this be brought a practical sageeity
which coped with the civil or political ques
tions placed before it, for action, much as it did
with military questions — for, after all, good
generalship on its intellectual side Is simply
the application to the solution of a military
problem cf a mind naturally gifted thereror
and stored with experience, either personal or
of others. As a strategist and tactician Kel
son made full proof ol high native endow
ments, of wisdom garnered throush fruitful
study and meditation and of clear insight into
the determining conditions of the various
military situations with waich he had to
deal."
To a frail body and a powerful brain Nelson
united a dash and daring that were remark
able. Confirmation of this is to be lound In
his correspondence before the occurrence of
the tiege of Bastia under Lord Hood, who was
himself fearful of hazarding the experiment.
"I feel for the honor oi my country," wrote
Nell on at this time, "and had rather be beat
than not make the attack. If we do not try,
■•re caa never be successful. I own I have no
fears for the final issue; it will be conquest.
My reputation depends upon tbe opinion I
have given, but I feel an honest conscious
ness that I have done right. We must, we
have it, or some of our heads will be laid
:ow. I glory in the attempt." And again:
"What would the immortal Wolfe have done ?
As he did, beat the enemy, if he perished In
the attempt." Still again, a fortnight later:
"We are in high health and spirits besieging
BaitU; the final event, I feel assured, will be
conquest."
The one great blot on the career of Nelson—
the Lady Hamilton episode— is handled by
Captain Mahan in a manner provocative of
our highest praise. Indeed, after reading
those portions of the book treating of the
matter one is almost inclined to forgive the
liaison between the two. The Incident is a
singular contradiction of the ancient saw that
two of a kind never agree. Nelson and Lady
Hamilton, as described to us by their bi
ographer, were very similar in temperament
and composition, especially in their common
love of admiration and the flattery of courts.
Born oi humble parents, possessed of great
personal charms and accustomed to the !
adoration of public men, diplomats and j
artists, it was natural that Lady Harniton
■bonid have laid her nets for the successful ,
naval commander whose name and lame were j
at this time (17i>0) the talk of Europe. »«- j
son arrived at the court of Naples, met the j
renownea wife of Sir William Hamilton and j
was conquered; but it must not be imagined
lhat their acquaintance was a simple love af
fair. Through the relations of Lady Hamilton
with the Queen of Naples, whose "real and
only confidential friend" she was, Nelson was
enab.ed to keep his hand upon the pulse of
Europe, then throbbing feverishly. In 1801
we find him writing tor Addington, the then
Prime Minister of England:
"Having for a length of time seen the corre
spondence, both public and private, from all
the Neapolitan Ministers to their ciovernmeut
and to the Queen of Naples, I am perfectly
acquainted with the views of the several
powers."
From this it will be seen that whatever suc
cess Nelsou may.have had in the field of diplo
macy it must be attributed to his experiences
at the Neapolitan court under the tuition of
his inamorata. That she was fully capable,
apart from ncr exclusive sources of informa
tion, ol being his tutor may be judged from
an estimate ot her character made by Beck
ford, a contemporary writer, who said of her:
"She was artiul; and no wonder, she had
been trained at the court of Naples, a fine
■ school for an English woman of auy stamp."
As for h:s own wifo, whom he had left be-
I hind in England, there can be little doubt that
i Nelson's estrangement from her was caused by
i nothing more serious than a lack of sympathy
I between the two. Yet several times in his |
j correspondence tie took occasion to speak in
! the highest terms of Lady Nelson. Thus in a
| letter to Lord St. Vincent he writes: "I am
possessed of everytning which is valuable iv a
wife," and later he concludes a letter to her:
j "With every kind wish that a fond heart can
' frame, believe me, as ever, your most affection
; ate husband. M
Turn we now to the closing scenes in the
I life oi Nelson. In the chapters of Captain
Mahan's work entitled "The Antecedents of
Trafalgar," and 'Trafalgar— The Death ot Nel
■ son," our author has narrated historical
i events with consummate accuracy and skill.
j Every point made and every position taken i
1 by the opposing fleets is elucidated in the j
i clearest possible manner with the use of dia- j
. grama. The smallest details of the attack are
presented — even to the position of the wind on
i that memorable day in October, 1805.
The day belore the battle of Traialgar, Nel
i son spent niiicU of his time on the poop of the
Victory. Addressing himself to a numbar
of midshipmen, the admiral said: "This day
or to-morrow will be a fonunate one for you,
young gentlemen." alluding to their prospect
of promotion after a suocessiul battle. The
.same day at dinner he said to some of the
company: "10-morrow I will do that which
will give you younger gentlemen something
to talc and think about for the rest of your
lives, but I shall not live to know about it my
self." He added that be expected to capture
twenty to twenty-two of the hostile fleet.
This anecdote, it may here be said, is related
by Captain Mahan as a new one, it having
been to.d to him by the son of a man who was
present when Nelson's prophecy was made.
In fairness to the author we shall not dis
figure the text descriptive of the actual
battle, so ably and thoroughly done, by mak
ing short excerpts from the same. One inci
dent, however, should be touched upon, view
ing it as an illustration of tbe ruling passion
lhat is strong even in death. Always a prayer
ful man, it seems strange to read of Nelson's
solicitude for and invocations to the Deity in
behalf of the object of his unholy affection.
"Take care of my dear Lady Hamilton," he be
. sought Hardy continually; n.ad to the attend
; ant, Dr. Scote: "Doctor, I have not Been a
| great sinner. Remember that I leave Lady
i Hamilton as a legacy to my country."
The substantial results of the battle having
! been made known to him, Nelson was dis
| tinctly beard to murmur, "Thank God, I
I have done my duty," and these words, says
I his biographer, "sealed the closed book of
Nelson's story with a truth broader and deeper
thau he himself could suspect. His duty was
I done and its truth perfected."
Tho entry in tne log book of the Victory un
: der date Octobsr 21, 1805, is brief and rugged :
I "Partial tiring continued until 4:30, when a
; victory having been reported to the Rignt
! Honourable Lord Viscount Nelson, X.8., he
'. died ol his wound." Emanuel Elzas.
HERE AND THERE.
"Wolfville," by Dan Quin (A. H. Lewis), will
be published in June with numerous illustra
tions by Frederic Remington. Mr. Lewis re-
I cenily wrote to his publishers that ho wanted
| them to have unusual care taken in reading
| the proofs, os be desired the spelling to be
j consistently bad throughout the book.
| Slowly, so the geologists tell us, were built
up the earth's strata, and now the Oxford Dic
j tionary has finished with the five first letters.
\ The words given are 89,591. An analysis of
! these words shows that 47,786 are in current
I use, 15,952 obsolete and '2517 foreign. No
wonder that dictionary making is slow work.
The detective gtory, the slum story, the
| treasure trove story, the great city In the
! interior of Africa story have all had their run,
i and publishers are inclined to ; lank they have
I been run into the ground, and in England at
! least the gentlemen who buy manuscript saem
j inclined to want something new. But what is
I there new? Tnere is the "Kail Yard story,"
I with its Gaelic trimmings, and that, too, so the
puDlishers hint, Is getting out of vogue.
That mii't have been an uncommonly
nlceainner Goncourt tells about which was
one of a series at whicn he was present, the
other dinner eaters being Flaubert. To.urgue
neff, Zola and Daudei. The Cafe Riche was at
first the place of reunion. After a while a res
taurant in the Place Favart was where the
table was set. The first to drop out was Flau
bert, whose death took place in 1880, and
Tourgueneff pasted away three years later.
Dwell, If you can, on the number of pounds
of coal Miss Braddon has burned or caused to
be burned in the production of her novels.
How endlessly baa the piston ruined to and
fro, the fly wheel turned, and the presses
clanged all in Miss Braddon's behalf. What a
pyramid of paper hat been used, what a Dead
Sea of ink has been exhausted to thelait viscid
drop for the lady's requirementa. Miss Brad
don's fif^y-elghth romance, "Under Love's
Rule," is the last one, but let us hope it Is not
to be the very last
Zola, long ago in the Figaro, acknowledged
how much he was indebted to Tourgueneff. It
was at the beginning of Zola's literary career.
He had written something about politics In
Le Corsair, and the Due de Broglie had exer
cised the censorship, and the article was sap
pressed. "Not a newspaper would print a
line of mine. I was perishing with hunger,
and they were all throwing mud at me. It
was then that Tourgueneff took me in hand
and introduced me to Russia." Those who
have followed M. Zola may remember that
"La Faute de l'Abbe Mouret" was pub.isb.ed in
Russian before it appeared in French,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 30, 1597.
HOW EPIRIS WAS LOST.
Later reports indicate that the Greek col
lapse in Eplrus was a miserable fiasco, and the
people who paid to see some real generalship
and some clever infighting are entitled to
have their money refunded at the box-office,
says the Washington Post.
■ The first day the Greeks had much the best
of the argument. Steve Crane lea the profes
sion with a beautiful two-column, double
leaded two-step and caught the Turks nap
ping.
While Crane's forces engaged the enemy in
front Rudyard Kipling and his command at
tacked the Turkish rear, and by a syndicate
prearrangement these two valorous leaders
worked the deadly parallel column on the de
moralized foe.
There was a bright Grecian streak in the
atmosphere, and the bookmakers were giving
remarkable odds on the fight.
When the second day's fighting opened
everybody said it was a Grecian cinch in a
walk, and Grecian money went begging.
When the firing opened between tho out
posts at Penteplghadia the welcome word was
carried to the managing editors of the battle
that Richard Harding Davis, fully provisioned
and highly pajamaed, was bearing down on
the enemy on the right at the head of a band
of Evzones, who were armed with the Reming
ton strip.
At this juncture of the struggle the Turks
began to feel like 30 cents and other small
change.
The strategic 'dangle was playing to boat
the band, and the Turks were fanning the at
CAPTAIN ALFRED T. MAHAN, Who- Has Written What Will in Future Be Regarded as the
Standard Life of Nelson.
mosphere In great shape, going out In one
two-three order.
Up to this time it was what Hazel Kirke
would call pretty work.
Then came ths crisis.
It was none of your off-hand, special-salo
day crisis. Nor did it partake ot the stereo
typed, the villain-approaches stage effect. It
was one of those deliberate, well written and
carefully revised affairs, and it marked the
turn in the battle with a ghastly, blue-pencil
appearance.
When victory had secured a little airship
exhibition, and was about to utilize the
Grecian banners for perching purposes, the
startling announcement was made that, owing
to the breaking down of the press, Sylvester
Scovel would be unable to make the expected
attack on tne Turkish left flank.
It was a crisis that tried the space-work
souls of the entire command.
Retreat without an effort meant dishonor,
while an advance under the circumstances
might mean annihilation. After a short con
ference it was decided there would be no back
pedaling, and the order to advance was tele
phoned up and down the line.
Blucber Scovel could have saved the day,
but his messenger-boyishness prevented.
With * migaty ro«r the contendir>g;forees
clashed, and the sight that followed would
have caused a circulation war to go off in some
quiet nook and weep highly salted tears over
its own insignificance.
Above the terrible din of battle could be
heard the inspiring bluck-face, double-pica
shrieks oi tlie valorous leaders as they urged
their men to fight. (To describe this scene
properly would be a gross plagiarism, on John
L. Sullivan's story of Mrs. Fitzsimmons' heroic
work at Car3on City.)
The roar of the Mergenthalers was terrific
as they poured the hot lead into the matrices
and made history at the usual space rates.
There was an occasional pause, when the
sharp clicking of the typewriters showed they
were getting in their work on the Turks in
much the same manner they did up that Chi
cago banker.
In the last half of the ninth inning, with
two men out, two strikes on Edhcm Pasha, not
a Turk on the bases and the crowd leaving the
grand stand, came the blow that killed father.
Edhem was desperate and, making a vicious
swipe at a paragraphic inshoot, he caught it
for three bases.
A sickly yellow kiddish expression took pos
session of the face of the Greek pitcher. It
was plain to be seen that he had contracted a
complication of the glass arm, charleyhorse
and punctured nerve.
A passed ball, a base on balls, another hit,
a wide throw by the shortstop, and the Greek
demoralization was complete. The Turts
trotted around the bases like intoxicated
sailors on a merry-go-round.
The score ana the plot thickened like news
paper office paste in warm weather. The
groans'of the dead and wounded were remark
able, particularly those of the dead. (Ar
rangements are in progress to have these new
things in groans produced on the phono
graph.)
But why prolong the awful recital? There
was nothing for the Greeks to do but fall back
to Arta. Thus was the horrible retreat Inau
gurated.
The quarters of these gallant commanders
looked as if they had boen visited by one of
those individuals who occaiionally drop in to
whip the editor. AH was confusion and next
morningish.
As the demoralized column approached the
suourbs of Arta and managed to fight through
the lines of the fakers engaged in selling war
relics, there burst upon them a specter of the
illuminated supplement variety. For a few
moments they were dazed.
As it approached it grew nearer, and sud
denly they recognized General Miles. He was
accompanied by his full uniform and staff of
stenographers, topographers and photogra
phers.
Reluctantly they told General Miles of their
defeat. He wanted them to turn and make a
final rally against the Turks, but they respect
fully and firmly declined to respond to the
encore.
This is the true story of the rout at Epirus.
Historians and General Miles' official re
port may be able to make a better
showing for the Greeks, and some peo
ple who are continually poking about
in war records may try to squara Sylvester
Blucher Scovel, but these are the stubborn
ana tantalizing facts.
The next day the Grecian sugar market
slumped eight points, and there were heavy
declines all along the line.
The price of the Overland Monthly has been
fixed at 10 cents.
THE TYPICAL AMERICAN NOVEL.
We are not looking for an American novel
as distinct from an English or a French or a
Scandinavian or an Italian or a Grseco-Roman
novel. We think that the resources of fiction
writing are just as thoroughly well known as
they ever will be; that nil the appliances of
the art have been discovered and tested long
ago; that no amount of taking thought will
add a single item to the technical equipment
which is at the servico oi every novelist to
day ; aud that whenever a really great novel
is produced, it is great because of the man be
hind the book and not because of any five-spun
theory which the book itself exemplifies.
Nevertheless, from another point of view, one
may truly speak of the American novel as a
thing apart, because of the great difficulty in
the conditions that attend its successful com
positiou. The American novel, as we under
stand it, is not to be a novel constructed on
hitherto unheard-of lines, or by some new
formula thoughtfully evolved by American
writers; but a novel that shall give an ade
quate and accurate delineation of the life that
is lived only in this huge, loose-hung, colossus
of a country — a kind of life to which the his
tory of the world affords no parallel whatever.
When the Englishman or when the French
man sits down to write a novel his back
ground is, in a way, already rilled in, and it is
only figure- painting that he has to do.
But how strangely different is the cesa with
one who seeks to fix upon his canvas a true
impression of American life. A vast kaleido
scopic mass of color lies before him, shifting
and changing with every touch, a society in a
fluid state, heterogeneous, anomalous, bizarre
and shot all through with a million piquant
incongruities. The boundless wealth and the
squalid poverty, the spiendor aud the crudity,
the magnificence and the cheapness, the reck
lessness and conservatism, the cynicism and
the faith, the intellectual keenness and the
unpseakable fatuity, the strong common-sense
and- the foolish gullibility, the defiant arro
gance and the patient meekness, the commer
cial acuteness and the political stupidity — can
anyone bring out all these wonderful contrasts
in the National character and yet preserve the
slightest trace of verisimilitude and probabil
ity? And the strange medley of humanity
—the washerwoman of the diggings blossom
ing out into the grand dame who entertains
kings and gives her daughters in marriage to
princes, the young girl with her "chaste de
pravity," the emancipated woman, the caual
boy lighting his way to the headship of the
nation, the keen-eyed business man who is to
day cornering the market and to-morrow
haranguing the Senate and the day after
bringing out an edition of a classic, the curi
ous bits of foreign life and custom embedded
In the midst of an Anglo-Saxon people, and
underneath <t all a great compact mats of
strong and simple and conservative men and
women, bearing up the rest and giving cohe
sion and stability to the whole structure.
Any one can tell ot all these things ; any one can
sketch them separately and in detail; but who
is able Rnrt who will ever be able to give one
luminous picture of them as a single entity,
each in its true relation to the rest, with a
sense of proportion and relativity, and in »uco
a way as to make one see and feel the truth of
it all?
No «uch problem ever before confronted the
novelist: yet it is not until this problem has
been BOlved that the American novel in its
largest sense will have an actual existence.
To begin with, there is not even such a thing
as an American type. There Is a New England
type, and there is a Southern type, and there
is a Far Wesiern type, but even these are not
perfectly defined, but shade off into each
other, while between them lie all sorts of indi
vidual and quite distinctive groups which an
American easily recognizes, even though he
cannot so easily describe them. These people
do not even speak an absolutely identical lan
guage, but display such dialectic variations
as make the difference of habita: Immediately
perceptible to the ear of a native. Our writers
understand tho complicated difficulties that
beset the one who tries to limn in a large
way the life and attributes of the Ameri
can people; and hence it is that
they have given us, in the main, not
the American novel, but novels written in
America, which Is a very different thiug. It
is not likely that any better work will be done
thau much of that which already revealß
some oi the strange nooks and corners of
American life. No one, for example, could
show a subtler knowledge of New England
than Miss Wilkins brings to her intensely
vital delineations; no one will ever make us
feel more intensely the spirit ol the Northwest
than Uamlin Garland does; no one will better
draw tne dull, raw life of the little towns of
Central and Western New York than Harold
Frederic; no one will have a fuller under
standing of certain phases of existence in the
American metropolis than has Brinder Mat
thews. But who is to come forth equipped
with the knowledge and the insight and the
vivid power necessary to draw the picture as
a whole and with a master's touch to fling
before us the gieat National cosmos in its
entirety — vital, convincing, real? — Harry
Thurston Peck in the Bookman.
LITERARY NOTES.
The Fourth Napoleon, which was announced
by Herbert S. Stone & Co., for spring issue, has
now been put off until the autumn.
In McClure's for September Anthony Hope's
"The Constable of Zeuda" will appear, and C.
1). Gibson is 10 make the pictures for it.
Bishop Potter just before he left for Europe
read the final proofs of a volume entitled
"The Scholar and the State," shortly to be
published by the Century Company, The
book is made up of essays discussing sociolog
ical ana civic questions.
Tho success of Mrs. Sarah K. Bolton's "Poor
Boys Who Became Famous" and "Glris Who
Became Famous" has been unprecedented.
The publishers, T. Y. Crowoll & Co., announce
the twenty-third edition of the first book and
the twenty-second of tne other one.
A new boot by Jerome K. Jerome, an
nounced for immediate publication by Henry
Holt & Co., is "Sketches In Lavender, Blue and
Green," written mainly in the manner of the
author's ''Three Men in a Boat" and "Idle
Thoughts of an Idle Fellow," but in a less bur
lesque mood. The same firm will issue at the
seme time "Svengali's Diary."
The Century Company is preparing a new
edition of "The Autobiography of Joseph
Jcffenon," which has had a large sale. This
edition will contain an additional chapter, in
cluding Mr. Jefferson's poem, "Shakespeare
vs. Bncon," delivered by the actor before the
professors of \ale University in answer to
Ignatius Donnelly's "Cryptogram."
Messrs. Lamson, Wolffe & Co. announce a
bistorical novel by Mrs. Harrison, the title of
which is "A Sjn of the Old Dominion." The
story belongs to the pre-Revolutionary period,
and is a Colonial novel. There will be intro
duced incidents having to do with the life of
Wasnington, and there will be references to
other prominent characters. The issue of "The
Son of the Old Dominion" will take place
about the close ot May.
"Wayside Courtships," Himlin Garland's
new book, is to be published shortly by D.
Appleton & Co. There are also to bo new edi
tions of Mr. Garland's "Spoil of Office," "A
Member of the Third House" and "Jason Ed
ward-," which will be uniform with "Way
side Courtships,"' and the Appletons, who
published Mr. Garland's "A Little Norsk" a
few years since, will now be able to present
five of Mr. Garland's books.
The demand for "The Damnation of Theron
Ware" continues. A report seems to have
gone the rounds, by the way, that the Messrs.
Scribner had acquired this book from Stone &
Kimball. This report is not true, but it prob
ably arose from the fact that the Scribners
had recently issued ihe four of Mr. Frederic's
books of which they were the publishers uni
form in maice-up with "The Damnation of
Theron Ware." This edition was made with
the knowledge and consent of Messrs. Stone <t
Kimball.
"Elementary Drawing, a Serlei of Praciical
Papers for Beginners," by Klizabeth Moore
Hallowell, is the name of a work soon to be
published by the Macmillan Company. The
basis of the work wn a series of papers
originally printed in one of the art magazines,
but so great was the value placed upon them
and the interest shown in them that it was
soon seen to be desirable to give them the
wider circulation possible only Dy their publi
cation In book form. Any one who expects to
take advantage of the coming holiday season
to add to the treasures of his sketch book will
find in this work many valuable hints and
suggestions.
The Macmillan Company is about to publish
a volume of which the title, "The Boston
Browning Society Papers." selected to repre
sent the work of the society from 1880 to
1897, speaks for itself. A few only of the
papers contained In it are as follows:
"The Biography of Browning's Fame," by
Thomas Wentworth Higginson; "Brawn
ing's Theism," by Josiah Royce; "Brown
ing's Art ■in -Monologue," by Percy Stick
ney Grant; "Caliban Upon Setebos,"
by Charles Gordon Ames; "Browning's
Theory of Romantic Love," by George Willis
Cooke; "Browning's Philosophy of Art," by
Daniel Dorchester Jr,; "The Uncaljulating
Soul," by Jenkin Lloyd Jones; "Browning's
Mastery of Rhyme," by William J. Rolfe, etc.
In magazine circles the complete novel de
partment of Llppincott's it considered the
most enviable place to which a writer of fic
tion may attain. Several circumstances serve
to make it such. The Ltpplncotts are excep
tionally careful in their selections of stories;
they believe in advertising: their contributors
to the fullest extent that their respective de
grees of merit or importance may entitle them
to, and their magazine novels are read seri
ously by critics of fiction »nd frequently pro
meted into publication In book form by their
favorable verdicts upon thru. In view of
these considerations, it is r. matter of con-
gratulation to Californians to note that the
complete novel lor May it from a California
writer— Miss Virna Woods of Sacramento. Miss
Woods has made a phenomenal start in litera
ture, and evidently has a primrose path before
her.
ON DESULTORY READING.
A man of great in lellectual vigor declared
not lone ago that be bad foresworn newspaper
and novel reading and taken up the stiff eat sort
of metaphysics because he found be was losing
tbe habit of prolonged attention. Too much
newspaper and novel reading had begun to
show their evil effects. It Is a serious ques
tion whether tbe ability to bold the mind to
one line of thought has not been diminished
by the inconsequence of frivolity of too much,
of the matter which appears in the average
newspaper.
As a ruie, men who do serious intellectual
work give a very limited time to tbe newspa
per, and read novels— apart, of course, from
the masterpieces— as a recreation. Bright
ness, cleverness and quickness are very enter
tßinlng whan one Is dealing in a discursive
fashion with a variety of unrelated subjects;
but when it comes to real grappling with any
question or subject, one ounce of concentra
tion is worth a pound of versatility.
This is one reason why so few people rela
tively read the great books. With such uu
caiculatcd resources within reach It seems
strange that tbe half dozen of books of the
first class should remain closed to an in
numerable company who have only to put
out their hands to possets them. The expla
nation lies in the fact that these great books
make certain demands on their readers and
that tbe great majority of those who read are
not willing to put forth any energy. They do
not expect toco-operate with a writer; they
expect to be diverted or carried along by him.
.Nothing which goes below the surface of the
mind awakens any response in them, be
cause they have never developed the power of
attention; or, if they have possessed it, they
have lost it by too much desultory and discur
sive reading. Such readers have lost the fac
ulty of following a line of thought. "One may
be a devourer of books," writes John Morley,
"and be actually incapable of reading a hun
dred lines of the wisest and most beautiful.
* * • To the besotted gambler on the turf
the lonely hillside glowing with heather
grows to be as dreary as a prison; and so, too,
a man may listen nightly to burlesques till
'Fidello' inflicts on him intolerable fatigue."
Tbe newspaper disperses attention, so to
speak, over a wide field by presenting a great
number ot subjects on the same plane of in
terest; the average novel relieves the mind of
any necessity of co-operation with the writer;
it asKs the reader to be entirely uassive; to sit
on a cushioned seat at the stern while another
rows the boat. No wise man will leave
his newspaper unread ; and no man who
j cares for literature or who needs diversion
1 will put tbe novel out of his library. The
trouble with the newspaper is that
I we give it too much time, and the trouble
i with the novel is that It is generally without
literary quality, and that we read it too olten.
The great novels, being literature, cannot be
read too frequently; they demand something
of tbe reader; they do r.ot pauperise him In
tellectually by giving without exacting a re
turn. Readers who have accustomed them
selves to habitual reading of inferior stories
find "Henry E-smond" dull, and "The Cloister
and the Hearth" prolix. To such readers
"Wilhelm Mei«ter" snd "On the Heights" are
stretches of arid sand. They care for nothing
which they cannot possess by merely glancing
at the page.
Now, this dissipation of the power of tbe
mind to do its proper work is due unquestion
ably, in many cases, to the habit of newspaper
and novel reading. When a reading publto
has lowered its taste and its Intellectual vi
tality to such a point that it asks only to be
amused and resents any endeavor to awaken
thought it has lost the power of appreciating
real literature and shut itself off from the
higher educational influences. The reading
habit is often spoken ol in this country as if it
were a good thing in itself: as a matter of fact
it is often a ready means 01 mental demorall
zation. The people who read nothing but the
trivialities and vulgarities which fill the col
umns of too many American newspapers, or
! who stupefy themselves with a succession ot
trashy novels, would better not read at all.
The illiterate man of good powers of natural
observation is a far more intelligent person
thin the man who reads tbe padding and
stuffing of the average newspaper which falls
into his hands.
It is at this point that cheap Journalism and
fiction come into direct collision with litera
ture; they cannot touch its quality, but they
can and do diminish the general capacity to
understand and enjoy it. They develop such
slovenly mental habits and they so relax the
muscles of the mind that mental activity of
every kind seems a hardship and becomes, In
too many cases, impossible. Audiences which
have grown accustomed to cheap humor or
tawdry declamation lose the power of appre
ciating or enjoying really noble speaking. A
certain audience, in a remote quarter, accus
tomed to the old-fashioned flamboyant or*.-
Tory , once expressed decided disapproval of
Wendell Phillip's' manner and xnaUer. Prom
their standpoint he did not know bow to
■peakl
Dante and Shakespeare are incredibly dull
to those who have lost the power of concen
trating all the faculties and bringing them to
bear on a subject. In order to understand
and enjoy the great writer one must be will-
Ing to think with him ; and if one ii unwilling
to think the treat book remains a wealed
book. It would bo well for all who read in
these days of countless publications of all
kinds, and of countless appeals to Interest and
attention, to keep at hand some book which
requires close thinking; some discussion
which must be followed step by step with ab
solute absorpMor of the mind Most of ns
need the bracing effects of su>'h a mental
gymnastic. The time is rrr.ch more favorable
to breadth of interest and information than to
depth and power of inulit:;:ual life.— Current
Literature.
NEW PUBLICATIONS BY DOXEY.
Doxey's new "Guide to San Francisco and
the Health and Pleasure Resorts of California"
will be out by June 1. It !s concise, complete,
pleasantly descriptive and amply illustrated.
It will mfft the needs of 'he Christian En
deavorers and other tourists, and be a stand
ard for all who seek inioimatlon and direc
tion. It is Mr. Doxey's intention to revise and
reissue this Guide yearly, if necessary, to keep
It up to date.
Mr. Doxey has In press "Idle Hours In a
Library," by Professor Hudson (English litera
ture, Stanford), consisting of three essays:
"Samuel Papys and His Diary," "London in
Shakespeare's Time and "The Novelists of
the Restoration." Professor Hudson's literary
training makes him master of his work, and
his felicity of expression is a gilt perfected by
culture.
"The Missions of California," by Laura Bride
Powers, will follow immediately. The story it
well told and amply illustrated. This will be
a book for the tourist-collector to place with
his treasures.
Life has taken up the question of What ara
the ten best short poems in the ; English lan
guage? and offers a handsome prize for the
one whose list comes the nearest to the com
bined popular judgment. The result of this
contest -will be Interesting, as showing what is
the popular taste among the discriminating
readers of Luc ;;
2324
A Thought for the Week
"Let all the ends thou airaest at be thy coun
try's, thy God's and tru th's."
—Shakespeare.
To youthful Contributors.
It you wiih your puzzles, rhymes,
With, "many thanks" accepted,
An J not by your "dear editress"
With "lack of thanks" rejected,
Then please upon your papers write
"Original" or "selected."
M. W. R.
— • — ♦ — •
East and west, north and south the
pretty little pins are going— going to boys
and girls who have earned the right to
wear the badge of C. R. C.
Contribute something to our page, then
send 50 cents for a badge, wfth 2 cents for
postage. You may Bend either Postoffice
or Welli-Fargo order. Stamps are ac
cepted. Be sure to send your address.
Send all communications to editress of
this pace.
A Hero.
General George B. McClellas.
I was not born until after the Presiden
tial campaign of 1864, so that my earliest
recollections of my father are of a time
when he had left the army forever, and
had temporarily, at least, retired from
politics.
1 first remember him as the kind, loving
father ot a very delicate little boy, whom
he watched over and cared for with the
tenderness of a woman. Next I remember
him as an elder brother rather than as a
father, always ready to sympathize with
my sorrows, and always willing to share
my pleasures.
I never knew him to lose his temper,
and I never heard him say an angry
word. Through all his troubles — and
they were many — despite all the abuse
showered upon him by his enemies, he
was always the same guileless, unostenta
tious, lovable Christian gentleman. .Asl
look back at him as he was during the
twenty years of our friendship, I than*
God that he was spared long enough for
me to have known him and to have had
his example as a father and a friend.
My first definite recollection of my
father is at a dinner he gave to bis corps
commanders and staff on the seventh an-
General George B. McClelland.
niversary of Antietam. My nurse carried
me downstairs wrapped in an afgban
wrought by Borne patriotic woman, as a
gift, in the semblance of an American flag.
After making several desperate plunges
ai the heads of several eminent generals I
was deposited on my father's, knee and
my health was drank, to my great inter
est and surprise.
On my way upstairs I asked my nurse,
"Who were those gentlemen dining with
papa?" "Officers," answered my nurse,
who never encouraged idle curiosity; and
to my shame be it said, visionsof William
B. Franklin, Fitz John Porter and Win
field Scott Hancock floated through my
mind, clad in blue policemen's coats and
bearing sticks. For such is the race of
nurses that up to that time the police of
ficer on our beat was the only kind of
officer 1 knew.
Our home wag at Orange, N. J., in a
house that my father had built, having
drawn his own plans and been his own
architect. He took a tremendous amount
of interest in that bouse, and thoroughly
enjoyed working over it. Tdere was never
a piece of china broken that my father
did not mend; and he delighted to be his
own carpenter in repairing the ordinary
wear and tear.
I remember that after several dismal
faiJures in the way of leaky roofs he rev
eled in the possession of a brand-new tin
one. ''It won't cost much more than a
much cheaper roof," Le said, "for I in-,
tend to paint it myself," and so he did.
George B. McClelian, who had led half a
million men, spent five scorching hot
August days, paint brush in hand, work
ing on that roof.
I carried the paintpot and thought my
self very important. When the job was
finished, my father called in a neighbor
ing painter to inspect the results. The
painter, who wap an authority, closed one
*ye and laid. "Well, general, that's a
nrettv smart job." And I think that my
IN
CHOLDHOOD'S
REALM.
father was almost a? ranch pleased at his
approval as he was when he won Antie
tani.
He always had half a dor n dogs about
the place, bat his favorite pm was old Dan
Webster, a sixteen-hand bay horse who
had been given him by some New York
gentlemen just before "the seven days."
For the last ten years of his life Dan never
did a stroke of work. He was popularly
known in the army as "that Devil Dan,"
and he was always worthy of the name.
Dan bad just passed his twenty-eighth
birthday. He had celebrated it as he
usually celebrated important events in bis
later career — by slipping his halter and
running away. His great age and quiet
country life ought to have made him re
spectable, but I am sorry to say that he
never recovered from the demoralizing
effects of army life.
Toward evening, as was hia wont, Dan
quietly trotted home and ate his feed with
an enthusiasm worthy of New Jersey oats.
Then, without any apparent reason, be
lay down, as it afterward appeared, for the
last time.
Whan Dan heard my father coming to
him he roused himself and tried to get up
and stand at attention, like the good old
soldier he was. He tried again, but his
strength was going, and he fell back and
whinnied plaintively as his master sat
cown in the straw beside him.
There was nothing the matter with Dan
bnt old age. He had lived twenty-eight
years, and when his time came he gave up
his life uncomplainingly, as a soldier
should.
My father took Dan's head in his lap
and sat there most of the night, scratch
ine the old horse's ears and feeding him
sugar, lump by lump. At 3 o'clock in the
morning Dan refused his twenty-lir3t
lump of sugar, "The end hag come,"
said his master. And so Dan died; his
two ruling passions strong in death— his
love for his general ana his fondness lor j
lump sugar.
We buried him the next morning in a
great hole that had been dug beside a
rock in the garden. We children rather
enjoyea the funeral, but my father did
not. He shoveled on the eartn himself,
and as we left the grave I wondered why
he seemed so much affected and why he
said "Good-hy, old friend; good-by, my
dear old Devil Dan."
My father put off sending me to school
as long as he could. I know that leaving
him was a wrencn to me, and I thintc thai
he felt the parting as much as I did. He
chose a school for me on the Hudson,
chiefly, I fancy, because it was a military
school. As a graduate of West Point he
firmly believed that no man could suc
cessfully battle with life without at least a
rudimentary knowledge of the manual of
arms and minor tactics.
On our way up to Sing Sing he was very
silent, bnt as we neared our journey's end
he said:
"I suppose, boy, that I should give you
the usual fatherly advice on leaving a son
at school. I don't know exactly what to
say to you. I have always tried to do my
duty, and I think that I have done it.
Make up your mind what you tnink i«
right, and then do it, no matter what it
costs you."
By this time we had reached our desti
nation. After introducing me to my
schoolmaster and inspecting my quarters
the time came for my father to leave me.
I had always kissed him before this when
I said good-by; but this day when he left
me he only took my hand and shook it
and said as he got into his cab, "You're a
man now, boy." He choked down what
was almost a sigh as be said it jk
Wnenlwent to college my fathef was
quite as much excited over this important
event in my life as I was myself. Noth
ing pleased him better than to come to
Princeton during term time and practi
cally to live the life of an undergraduate.
He took a great interest in athletics and
would almost rather have had me a suc
cessful athlete than a scholar. He was
himself a very powerful man and like all
strong men thought tbat the rest of the
world should be strong, too.
The name "Little Mac" given my father
by nil soldiers was more an expression of
endearment than description. He was
not s small man, although the great
breadth of his shoulders made him appear
shorter than he really was.
His height wa*s feet %y % inches in his
stocking feet. He had a cuest measure
ment of 45 inches inflated and he weighed
180 pounds.
It used to be a source of regret on my
part that ne had not been born in an age
of amateur athletics, for I naturally took
a tremendous amount of pride in his
strength. He not only in nis younger
days had the reputation of being the best
rider in the army, but also of being one of
its strongest officers. When at West Point
he could smash a three-quarter-inch door
panel with his naked fist, and was a capi
tal ambidextrous fencer.
Even in later life he kept his physique,
and weighed no more at the time of bis
death than he did a quarter of a century
earlier. When he was 50 years old I saw
him bend a dime double witt the thumb
and first two fingeis of his right hand.
He was an enthusiastic Alpine climber
and initiated me into the delights of tbat
greatest of all physical pleasures almost
as soon as I had left my nurse's apron
strings. We spent altogether seven sum
mers at St. Moritz, in the Engadine Val
ley of Switzerland, and he gradually edu
cated me up from almost level paths to the
hardest of ice work.
He loved flowers and never took a walk
without returning lauen with them. Hia
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 30, 1897.
favorite was the little star-shaped edel
weiss, that blossoms far above the snow
line, where no other flower dares grow.
When I was a little fellow, with an all
consuming ambition to pick an edelweiss
for myself, he took me to a bed of tbem
he had found and made me think that it
was my own discovery.
He used to keep a sort of journal of his
travels by pressing and mounting flowers
which he bad picked at almost every
place of interest he visited. He loved all
nature passionately, and beautiful
scenery seemed almost to take him out of
this world and fill him with a supreme
thankfulness for God's goodness in let
ting him live.
My father would have shared his last
crust of bread with any of his old soldiers
who stood in need of it He never turned
one of them from the door empty-handed,
for he loved them ai few mothers love
their children. He not only cared for tbem
"HE WAS MORE THAN A SOLDIER TO THEM."
as any army, and as a memory of the
past, but he seemed to have a personal,
individual love for every one of them.
The last time he ever met any large
number of his comrades was on the Deco
ration day before he died, when he deliv
ered an oration at the National Cemetery
at Antietam to a gathering of Union and
Confederate veterans. He had never been
back to the scene of the greatest battle of
our history since be had won it, and,
strangely enough, what was practically
his last appearance in public was made
here.
The ovation he received pleased him ex
ceedingly; and yet, surrounded as he was
by the graves of more than five thousand
of hi men, his journry had been almost
like a piKtrimaee to the grave of a favorite
child. When lie looked upon the acres of
little white headstones about him his first
words came straight from his heart, "Oh,
my poor boys, my poor boysl"
Remarkable as my father was as a pub
lic man, he was even more extraordinary
in his private life. He possessed the
power of making all who knew him love
him. Tliere was nothing coarse in his
nature; in fact, he was wonderfully part
minded. He had a strong sense of
humor, and could always appreciate a
joke. Yet, without being straight-laced,
anything vulgar or indecent actually hurt
aim.
Ho was always a sincere Christian, in
small things as well as in great, and
taught his children that religion was not
a mere matter of form, but a practical
working rule to guide and aid them in
ereryday life. His lore of God and his
desire to do his duty carried him safely
through temptations and trials that
would have made a smaller man falter.
"God's will be done," was the motto of
His life; and coming in contact with him
it vras impossible not to be impressed with
the loftiness and grandeur of his nature.
He always saw the best side of life and of
people, and tried to make his children
feel with him tnat there was no man so
baa as not to have tome good in him.
iWs!
He never became cynical, and never bore
malice. He was quick to sympathize, and
ready to listen and eive advice to any one
who asked him for it. My father was the
most manly man I have ever known. — By
G. B. McClellan in Youth's Companion.
Abraham Lincon's
Monument.
From far and near, from all over our land,
Come haste thee, dear i-hiirtren. and join In a band:
Then each little child lend one small, helping
hand.
To build a fine statue, tail, handsome and grand,
In mem'ry of one ever noble and true,
Who fought for "Old Glory," the Red, White and
Bine.
By all people known as brave, honest and fair.
Once a poor plowboy, then in the President's
chair.
The rich and the poor he treated the same,
Bo all people loved him and honored his name;
He was honored by all across the great sea.
As well as by all In this land of the free.
Ays, even the slaves, who were lonely and sore,
Were never turned sadly away from his door;
Bui to tfill of his virtues and every brave deed
A very large book: I am sura 1 would need.
8o now, all good children, and grown folks as well,
After reading the story that I had to tell,
I hope you will do all you possibly ran
To build a grand nmnument over this man.
And, now, as I'vp finished, his name I shall tell,
Abraham Lincoln! of whom all know very well:
Born In a rude cabin, fur ont In the wood,
And taught by his mother to be truthful and good.
J. C. (C. R. C).
< A little boy.)
Memorial Day.
Oh, little children, dwelling to-day
In the midst of freedom and peace,
Be glad that our land, so happy and grand,
From war hath a sure release !
But remember the heroes who years ago
Fought tor their country and ours
And cover the graves of those noble braves
With fragrant, beautiful flowers.
—Youth's Companion.
— — . — « — »
The first memorial service was held over
the graves of the Union prisoners who
died at the stockade at Charleston, 8. C,
May 30, 1865.— Selected.
Notice.
"The Prince of Robbers," the pretty little
poem which appeared on last Sunday's page,
was composed for "Childhood's Realm" by Ad
die Bartley.
The interesting sketch entitled "A Little
Incident in a Country School" was written by
Mrs. Jackson, and I'm sure you'll all be pleased
to learn that this lady is the mother of Hart
ley Jackson, one of our brightest members.
THE LETTER
BOX
Sebastopol, Cal., May, 1897.
.Dear Editress: As my other letter was not
printed I shall write again. Oar school is just
going to last five weeks longer. Our teacher's
name is Miss Clary.
The people of Santa Rosa had a carnival on
the 15th of this month. They had a queen
and decorated floats.
I read all the stories that are printed on the
Children's Page. I think they all are fine.
The story about Rob's journey was very in
teresting. The poppy page of Thk Call I
think was beautiful. We have some poppiea
growing in our yard. Your little friend,
Annie Elphick.
Dear Editress: I am a little girl of 10 years ,
and my parents have taken The Call for a long
time. I enjoy the children's page very much.
I am going to tell you about a visit I paid to
lowa about four years ago during the latter
part of May.
My mother, little brother and myself went
back East to attend the World's Fair, and after
enjoying its wonders and beauties for many
days, we went to visit my grandmother, who
lives with my uncle on a beautiful farm In
lowa, and we arrived a few days before Deco
ration day.
I wish I conld describe to you how very
lovely the farm is. Along one side runs a
range of hills, through which flows a stream
of pure, clear water.
High cliffs tower on either side. Along the
banks grow tall walnut trees, their spreading
branches reflected in the clear waters below.
The cliffs were covered with a luxuriant
growth of ferns, vines and the most beautiful
wila flowers that I ever saw.
The day before Memorial day we gathered
great baskets of wild honeysuckle, mar
guerites, lady slippers and ferns. In the even-
Ing: mamma wove them into wreaths and gar
lands.
After breakfast the next morning: my nncle
took as to town in a large three-seated car
riage, and when we arrived we found the
streets already filled with people. The bands
played and the procession formed.
We fell into place and the long line of car*
riages wound elowiy along to the cemetery
while we listened to the sweet strains oi
music, a: (i the air was heavy with the
fragrance of the flowers.
After hearing the Impressive words of the
speakers we reverently laid onr beautiful
wreaths on my dear soldier grandpa's grave.
It was a sweet day, which I shall never en
tirely forget. I was prompted to write you
this letter by your pretty Mayday page, and I
hope soon to be a member of the C. R. C.
Your constant reader, Emma Dulfkr.
Dear Editress: Memorial day Is a day we
keep in memory of the noble men who fought,
bled and died for their country. On this day
we decorate the soldiers' graves as beautifully
as possible to show that we have not forgotten
them though they are now dead. Yours truly,
Ellen M. C. Txjbb (C. R. C).
Santa Cruz, Cal., May 16, 1897.
Deas Editress: I live in the beautiful city
of Santa Cruz, situated on Monterey Bay. It
is surrounded by summer resorts, and has a
fine view of the mountains, ocean and bay,
and has a lovely beach.
With this I will send a selected paragraph
for Memorial day and a puzzle for next Sun
day.
The woods are full of wild flowers such at
snow-lily bells, painter's brush, poppies, etc.
I remain yours truly,
Robert O. Lincoln.
X atskn, Cal., Mar 22, 1897.
Dear Editress and Readers: I have been
working all day for the children's page, and
now i shall take the pleasure of writing a
letter to my friends.
I have been going to school, bat as this Is
institute week we have vacation. My teach
er's name is Miss Callie M. Coomb?. I like
her very much, she is such a good teacher.
Do you remember that little Kansas boy who
was so sick and whose name was Willie Zim
merman? Well, he has passed away from|tne
cares and sorrows of this world. I received a
very sweet lettor from his mamma, telling of
A MEMORIAL "DAY SONG
his death, about a week ago. I am so glad
that I learned of that near boy when I did,
and for this knowledge I must thank Kva
Navone.
I like my badge very much. I think it is
worth while working very, very hard if after
ward we can own such a lovely badge. I take
great pleasure in wearing mine to school.
From your little friend,
Caroline Gonsalvf.s (C. R. ('.).
San Pablo, Cal., May 17. 1897.
Dear Editress: I shall write again, as I did
not see my last letter published. I should
like to belong to the C. R. C. Club, so I shall
send you a puzzle which I made up, and hope
it will please you and the members of the C.
R. C. I have a little sister since I wrote to
you last, and her name is Myrtle. She is very
cunning, and is just three months old. It is
lovely in the country now, every thing is green
and the fields are thick with wild flowers. We
are rolng to have examinations next week, so
I have to study hard, as I wish to be promoted.
I still have my pet cat Minnie that I wrote
you about, and alto my bird Goldie. I shall
close for this time. From your little friend,
Elsie Davis.
Zelda, Churchill Co., Nev., May 18, 1897.
Dear Little Friends of the C. R. C.: I wrote to
you two weeks ago, but my letter was not pub
lisned, so I thought I would write again.
I lire at a railroad station; we have no trees
nor grass. There are two engines here to help
trains up the hill. It is a very dull little
place, and I don't like it much. There are
onlf four children here, and we have no
school.
I have a little sister named Erma. Mamma
teaches us. Erma can read a little. If you
publish this I shall write a longer letter next
time. Your friend, Irene Maud Conkey.
Calistoga, Cal., May 23, 1897.
Dear Editor and Headers of Childhood's Realm:
Doubtless many of you remember a little boy,
Willie Zimmerman, whom I wrote to you
about a long time ago. Well, poor little Willie
is dead now. I have Just received a letter
from his mother stating that he died April 30.
Even in his last hours here on earth he did not
forget the little friends whd lted written to
him, and whose letters had helped to pass the
weary hours when he was confined to his bed
or obliged to sit in a chair. I write this to you
because I thought you would like to know.
Dear Editor. I thank you for publishing my
little poem. To-day I send for a badge. Your
friend, M. Eva Navone (C. R. C).
Gertrude, Madera Co., Cal., May 17, 1891.
Dear Editress: Inclosed please find 50 cents
for the badge and 2 cents for postage.
I am so giad that I am enrolled as a member
of the C. R. C.
I am going to tell of the place where I live.
It is a small valley almost surrounded by hills,
•bout four miles long and one mile wide.
There if a meadow in front of our house and
there are some salt springs near by.
I am a cowboy, and have lots of fun hunting
cattle. My father has two meu working for
him, and I hunt cattle with them.
We wer» out all day Saturday, ana went
without our dinner, and only got two calves.
I hope to see my letter in print. I remain
/our constant reader,
Willie Ceooks (C. R. C).
Saw Mill, May 16. 1897.
Dear Mr*. Richards: Unas been some time
since I have written to The Call. Since I
wrote last I hurt the tendons of my knee by
being thrown from my skees. I could not
walk for a while. We are spending the sum
mer at Luce's mill, and it is a lovely place.
There are immense sugar pine, pitch pine and
yellow pine trees around here, and in the fall
of the year the yellow pine drops great cones
full of juicy nuts. Just now the red bells, wild
forgei-me-nots, Indian pinks, wild roses, pan
sies, tulips, dog-tooth violets, larkspurs, dog
wood, cherries, plums, pink Dutchman's,
breeches and snooting stars are all out in
full bloom, filling the air with sweet fra
grance.
While we are here mamma lets my sister
and I go to school and we take our doe "Sport"
with us. As ours is an ungraded school there
is but one room. So "Sport" goes in and lies
down under my desk and there stays. When
recess, noon or 4 o'clock comes he gets up and
marches out with the scholars. lam going to
send in a few puzzles. I remain with many
greetings to C. R. C, Hartley E. Jackson.
Camptonville Postoffice, Yuba County, Cal.
Blocksburq. Cal.
Dear Editress: This Is my first letter to The
(ai.i.. I se» tnat there is no letter from here.
I have a little rabbit Its name is Heart. A
friend of mine gave it to me.
My papa has taken The Call for two years.
I have two brothers. The oldest is named
George, the youngest is Lloyd.
My papa runs a sheep ranch. He has about
2000 or more sheep. My teacher's name is Mr.
Berger. I like to go to school. I am in trie
fourth grade; there are three besides myself.
I like to read the children's page.
lam 10 years old on the 6th of August. I
go after the papers. We have thirty little
chickens. We milk three cows, of which two
have calves. One little calf has no mother.
We have finished shearing. I had to stay
out of school when we sheared to help do the
work. Hoping to see my letter In The Call, I
remain your little friend.
May Bell Kneeland.
NEW PUZZLES.
L Cross-word enigma.
My 1 is in man. but not In dolt;
My 2 is in horse, but not in colt;
AFTER THE FLAG.
My 3 is in palm, but not in tree;
• - My 4 is in you, but not in me;
My sis in dry, but not in wet; ? ••
My 6is in win, but not in get; '
, My 7 is in lad, not in boy; ;
My 8 is in love, not in joy ;
My 9 is in mind, not in think;
My 10 is in water, no good to drink;
My 11 you'll find in lar away, .
While my whole is a very sweet holiday.
Original. ,:». R. O. Lincoln (C. R. C).
■ WORD SQUARES.
IL 1. Bright.
2. To go away.
3. Parts of a house. . .
4. To turn aside.
5. Pauses.
Original. Carrie Goksalves (C. R. C).
111. 1. A highway.
2. A boy's name.
3. A particle. ; ;\v
4. An arched roof.
Original. Ida Wightman (C. B. C).
REBUS.
IV. A C *£ to[f^^
H3
Contributed by Hartley Jackson fC. R. C).
ANAGRAMS AND DEFINITIONS. ; "
V. Best in prayer— a religious denomina
tion. A nice pet — a moral quality. The
riches.
Selected by M. M. Kellogg (C. R. C).
VI. Amy rode mail. A patriotic day.
Original. Ethel McClure (C. R. C),
conundrums.;;
VII. What pillar has never supported any
thing ? Beckie Heino (C. R. C).
VIII. How many apples did Adam and Eva
eat on a memorable occasion? '",'. . ' .
Selected by Lucy Moeller (C. R. C.).
DRESS MATERIAL.
IX. A fowl plus a ruler.
Original. , L. Moelleb.
X. I contain ten different letters, with
three of them repeated enough times to make
fourteen. . ■ '
I contain the salted thigh of a beast; one
who utters falsehoods; a male sheep; stamped
money, and an account. Whole, I am th«
name of a hero. ; ■ ~ri '..
Answer in six parts.
y\r\sWers for J^lavj 23. 
L Word squares.
I N A
N AN -
AND
in.-/"--
DAY
ARE
YET
111. Lion.
' IV. Slash— lash— ash.
Sledge — ledge — edge,
V. Speaks for all.
VI. F(in)ish—
VII. Hidden cities.
(a) Lit tie Rock.
(6) Washington.
(c) Denver.
(d) Omaha.
(c) Wheeling.
VIII. H'dden names of member*
Ethel McClure.
M. E. Navone.
Lucy Moeller.
IX. Book— look— took— cook—
X. phase— shape.
Smiles— miles— limes.
AnsWers to Correspondents.
Vera Chisholm— You show a great deal of
talent in your writing. Suppose you compose
Just one stanza. Read it aloud to some older
person, then rewriio it until yon feel perfectly
satisfied. When this is done send it to our
page.
R. O. Lincoln— We have but one special
flower page during the year, and that is In
honor of the California poppy. '
Beckie Heino— You failed to send your ad.
dress. !-t!?"Tv''
Alice R. Wilson— You are the winner In the
word hunt.
Charles Owens— l am glad you have made a,
friend through your badge. " • I''- ",V-
Correspondents.
Besides letters published, pleasant com.
munications have been received from the fol«
lowing members of C. R. C: Alice Bell, Ethel
McClure, Ethel Ferguson, M."Lagomarsino,
Liandro J. Ontiveros, Max Sellg, Crescencta
Edson, Beckie Heino, Grace Loh, Theo Joos,
Charles H. Owens, Vera Chisholm and Maud
Mallory.
From non-members: Annetta Glrard, Alice
Shade, Carrie M. Janes, Eliza Bacon, Emma.
Dulfer, Lucil Dart, Nellie M. Duff ey, ';' Alice
Thompson and Myrtle Anderson.
SolVers.
Answers for May 23 have been received from
the following members of C. R. C. :
M. Eva Navone 8, Alice Bell 10, LuCy Moel
ler 5. Grace Loh 7, William Sea Jr. 9, E. Osborn
10, Willard Duffy 2, Fred Anthes 9, Ethel Mc-
Cluie 10, Beckie' Heino 2, Retha Waldau 10,
Max Selig 10, M. Lagomarsino 10, Theodore
Joos 4. .
For May 16 from Carrie Gonsalves 5.
From non-members _ for May 23: . Carrie M.
Janes 1, Alice Thompson 10.
Exchanges Received. '.'.. -.
Weeklies:
Youth's Companion, Harper's Round Table,
Golden Days. ■ -*;.
Monthlies:
St. Nicholas, June No.; Our Little Ones and
The Nursery,' May No.THE STAGE
The last flicker of the waning season is i
going out in New York and actors and ac- 1
tresses are packing their trunk 3 prepara- :
tory to going to "summer snaps," or to ;
Europe, the former for remuneration, the ;
latter for ideas. San Francisco is the i
summer-snap actor's paradise, for here he j
knows there is no sweltering on roof car
dens, no crying necessity for fans and ic?d
drinks. Society is out of town during the I
dog days, out what of that? Plenty of peo- j
pie are left who find the theater as pleasant
a place for spending the evening at mid- i
Bummer as at Christmas. So the snmmer
enap actor is waitinc to come here cheap
and put on less airs in a month than he!
puts on in a day during tne regular New i
York season.
Heaven forbid that I should point ».o
any star, or galaxy of stars, and say: |
"These ere summer-snap actors." That j
would be as unjust a proceeding as to call j
every daintiiy-clad damsel one meets a I
summer eirl. Summer girls are proverbi
ally faithless, and summer-snap actors ■
fold their tents like the Arabs and steal!
back to New York when the neat dimin
ishes. But the summer-snap actor is to j
be with us this season, and we shall all
be heartily glad to welcome him, more I
particularly if we realize that the time is j
not far distant when San Francisco may
begin to cease being looked upon as the !
softest of all soft summer snaps.
"The conquest of England by the Ameri
can actor" — that is the latest dream of
actor-, managers and authors since the
news was flashed across the Atlantic of
the triumph achieved in London by Gil
lette's 'Secret Service." American plays I
have straggled into London bjfore now, ;
but "Secret Service" is the first that has'
come within a mile of setting the Thames j
on fire. "The Girl I Left Behind Me" j
was produced about two years ago in Lon- !
don, with English actors, and made a .
tepid sort of success. "A Trip to China
town,' 1 "My Friend Froai India," "Chris- !
topber Jr.," "The Prodigal Father" and j
others have been localized and played I
with more or less — generally less — success ;
by English actors. Neil Burgess is at
present giving "Th* County Fair" at a j
suburban London theater with his Ameri- J
can company, and the critics and public j
reeard it with mild curiosity as a .
"Yankee" curio. But "Secret Service," |
produced by a New York company of j
American actors, is a real rousing sue- j
cess. Even Clement Scott, the caustic
critic of the London Daily Telegraph, re
marks:
The latest American success in London is
"Secret Service," with its author, William Gil
lette, and his native compauy as interpreters. |
Of course there will be much of unfavorable !
matter written about this production, but !
irom til accounts it will find general favor.
Charles ironman caDles to the Mirror an ex
-1 pression of Clement Scott of the London Tele-
Eraph as to this play. Mr. Scott 6aid : "It is a
great success It fascinated us. It is the best
example we have ever seen of harmonious,
easy, wel. -balanced acting. Visits from such
a company with such a p:ay do us good.
They %vake us up Instead of taking the bread
out of the mouths of English actors and
authors."
Charles Frohraan ia the commander-in- I
chief ol the American actors lor the con* j
quest of England, and the seasons play ,
into his hands. The height of the Lon
don season is jmt about beginning as the
Nev. - York season ia drawing to a close,
and siars will find it less fatiguing 1o step
an board a Liverpool or Southampton
bound Atlantic liner than to spin across
the continent in the heat anddtbt. "I
{rues* we will all have a look in," said N.it |
Goodwin yesterday, in speafeing of the j
success of "Secret Service." "Charley
Frohnian intends to play Drew, De Wolf
Hopper and E. H. Sothern in London be
fore very long, and I'll have a try there I
myself, too." Goodwin has played suc
cessfully in London before, but lie intends
to be in the swim and try it again.
That is the one -crumpled rose leaf in
the promising outlook for the conquest of j
England by the American actor — the
fancy of stars will lightly turn to thoughts j
of fume in London, and San Francisco j
will cease to be regarded as the softest
Bummer snap on earth. Marie Eyely.v.
Opera at the BaldWir\.
Verdi's "Traviata" will be produced by j
the Italian Philharmonic Society at the j
Baldwin Theater this evening, May 30.
Some successes have been previously crcd
! ited to the society, bnt the production
| with which it now comes forward is said i
i to be the most ambitious attempt yet j
i made by the management. Among those
to appear in the opera are: Ida Valerga,
F. Valerga, G. Zapelli, D. Valerga, G.
Vitalini, Adele Baldocchi, Miss T. Valerca !
and E. Meranu The production of the
opera will also be the occasion of F. Va
lereas first appearance in this City.
While traveling abroad with a large lyric
: organization he met with success. He re
; turned to this City but a short time ago.
He will sing the role of Allredo this even
ing. There will be a large chorus, and
I special attention will be paid to the stag
ing of the work. A large orchestra will
also be one ot the features of the produc
tion, and it will be under the capable di
rection of A. Spadini.
Golumbia Jheater.
The new Frawley Company opens its
season at the Columbia Theater to-mor
row night with Hadden Chambers' melo
drama, "The Fatal Card. '• An elaborate
scenic production is promised. There is
a strongly marked love romance running
through the play, which is said to contain
more human interest than most melo
dramas. The hero is placed in many
dangerous pobitions, and i as such a des
perate light to riohi himsell and win his
sweetheart that the usual melodramatic
demerit of suspense is well in evidence.
In the last act a younp man has tracked
the murderer of his fa:her, and discovers
tbat tue father of his affianced wife is the
guilty man. He is caught by the band of
which the murderer is the head, and,
bound to a post, is about to be killed by
an infernal machine, when the girl'i
father finds in the lover's pocket one-half
of the ace of clubs. Th:s torn card was
siven by the murderer some years before
to the lover, who had lescued him from a
mob of lynchers in the Itocky Mountains.
In an attempt to remove the infernal ma
chine and save the lover's life, the father
is blown to pieces, which is a very expe
ditious and melodramatic way of dispos
ing of an undesirable father-in-law-elect.
The full cast of "The Fatal Card" is as
follows; Frank Worming, J. M. Colyiile,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 30, 1897.
Wilson Eno3, Harry Corson Clarke, Theo
dore Hamilton, Thomas W. Ross, George
Eoswortb, Frank Thompson, Ulnc B. Col
liii 3, William Lewers, Thomas Pnnlips,
Eleanor Moretti, Gladys Wallis, Madge
Carr Cook, E. Bouton, Sophia Williams,
Blanche Bates.
Alcazar Jheater.
Coramencinp; with tha special Decora
tion day matinee to-morrow, the Alcazar
Company will present Grattan Donnelly's
play the "American Girl," in addition to
Francis Powers' Chinese play "Ihe First
Born." The cast of the former drama will
i contain a numbarof performers who ap
peared when the play was produced at the
California Theater about two years ago.
George 0- bourne will repeat his imper
sonation of Ro's Boiter, the theatrical
manager; Adele Beljrarda will be seen in
her original part of Jasamine, tho Amer
ican giri; diaries Wynpate in his charac
ter of Philip Devon, the lover of Jasa
mine, and little Nina Cook and James
Home have been specially engaged to
play tneir pn.rts of Virgieaud Roy. Hugo
'Poland will play Saninson Craft, the vil
lain of the i>!ay, and May Buckley will be !
seen as Twister, "the bright particular
star of a galaxy of dramatic talent," t;i
quote the words of Ross Bolter. Mrs. F.
M. Bates will bi the mother of the Amer
! ican girl, and Harry Benrimo, John Arm
j strong, Juliet Crosby. Gertrude TiUdhll
I and the rest of the company will appear.
The irreat demand for spats for Francis
Powers' Chinese drama. "The First Born."
seems likely to keep the little play before
the public for some time to come.
Cjrarvd Opera-j^ouse.
"Lost in New York," a comedy-drama
in which Maud E(faM Hall is to play the
part of a jolly tomboy, is to be produced
at Morocco's Grand Opera- hou^e this
I week. . Its chief scene is one in which the
heroine rescues her iittle sister from the
hands of designing villains on Bellevue
Isiand. Miss Hall will introduce two new
I "coon" songs in her rollicking role. Nat
i Wills appears once more as a (ramp with
| several odd dilties of his own composi-
I tion. " , ■
JiVoli Opera-J-louse.
For this week only Genee's comedy
opera "Nanon"\vill be revived at this pop
ular house. It will receive a careful pres
entation. MyraMoreila will be the Nanon
Patin, hostess of "The Golden Lamb";
Laura Millard, the stately Ninon; Elvia
Crox Seabrooke, her dashing page, Gas
tou; Bernice Holmes, the Mme. de Main
tenon; John J. Eaifael, the dashing Mar
quis d'Aubigne, who disguises hinissif as
a drummer and wooes the fair Nation;
Ferris Hartman will appear as the ever
<lancin>f Marquis de Mnrsillac, a role he
h:i3 before played successfully; Rhys
Thomas will be his bashful nephew Hec
tor and W. ri. We3t is to play the schem
ing Abbe La Piatre.
On Monday eveninrr, June 7, the first
annual review and whirl of the town,
"Miss Frisco, " will be presented. This is
described as "a round of pleasure, of song,
dance and hnnior." It will include many
novelties, together with new scenery and
costumes.
At the Urpheum.
To-morrow evening the Orpheum ex
pects a sensation in the person of Adpie
and her performing lions, Prince, Victoria
and Trilby. Adgie performs dances and
gymnastic feats in a den with the beasts,
all of them declared to be full grown and
ferocious animals. They have been in
captivity but two years and are said not to
be feeble with ace nor drugged. The
"World's Trio," Perry, Lulu Ryan and
Emma Wood, in some of the latest eccen
tricities, and Morton ur.d Elliott, munical
entertainers, will also be new in San Fran
cisco. Billy Carter, the banjoist and com
edian, baa been specially engaged and
comes with a budget of songs and stories.
The rest of the programme will be made
up of turns contributed by Oruene. the
Garrisons* the Eclair Brothers and the
Baggosens.
lv addition to the recular matinee there
will be a Decoration day special perform
snee to-morrow aiternoon. The Venetian
Ladies' Orchestra gives concerts in the
annex every evening.
J\t the Ghutes.
This evening Charles Cassasa and hi 3
band will inaugurate a season of open-air
concerts at the Chutes. A popular pro
gramme will be rendered every evening
and on Sunday afternoons. The Venetian
ladies' orchestra in their concerts in the
Casino every afternoon and evening are
proving popular.
To-morrow (Decoration day) tde Haight
street erounds will be turned over to the |
Order of Chosen Friends, who will have an I
all-day celebratfon. In the afternoon
there will be a balloon ascension and para
chute drop, and in the evening there will
be a display of fireworks and grand ball.
Musical Mention.
Martin Hauerwietz, who managed ssMle.
Trebelii's season here, announces that he j
has already made several important en
gaeernents under celebrated artists to ap
pear here next season. Ysaye will visit
ban Francisco next December.
Tho famous Kneisel quartet of Boston,
Max Bendix, that excellent violinist, con
cert-master of the Theodore Thomas or
chestra, Sherwood the pianist, and Xaver
Scharwenka, the composer and piano vir
tuoso, will all visit this City early in the
fall.
HE »JRAN y\WAy.
HoW Frank Valerga Escaped the
Horror of Citizenship at pVesi
der\t Kruger's Hands.
Frank Valerga says that to fight and
run away is not such a bad principle when
you have no interest in the result of the
fisht, but he thinks that a better principle
is to run away before the light comes off
at all. Valerga speaks from experience,
for if he hart not departed from Johannes
burg without standing on the order of his
going it is his opinion that instead of
singing with the Philharmonic Society at
the Baldwin to-night be might have been
chanting with angelic choirs.
It is not far short of a decade since
Frank Valerga leit the Tivoli and went
East with the "Said Pasha" company.
From that time till now he lias never been
heard in opera in this City, tnough he has
almost circumnavigated the globe with
different operatic companies and has met
witn many exciting adventures by the
way.
For a number of months he beloneed to
a stock operatic company at the Gaiety
Theater, Johannesburg, and ii was only a
playful little habit the Boers have of en
listing alien residents to fi^ht in tbeir
foreign wars taut made him shake the
dust of the Transvaal cff his feet for ever.
"They may say what they like about
South Africa," be said yesterday, "but I
would rather be buried than live there.
The country is ail rocks, rich sand, lava
beds and ant hills, ana it makes Ameri
cans sick to see the way Boers and Eng
lish alikeSbuse the Kailir*. Beat them?
Why I have seen strips of flesh torn irom
the Kaffirs' arms and back with a great
whip ten yards long, that they use for
driving spans of oxen. In the cities it is
forbidden to pass through the street? with
an ox team without a Kaffir at ttie ani
mals' heads. It is no uncommon sight to
tee ibe owner of the team sit in his cart
and whirling, one of those ftraat whips
round, hit the Kaffir and maKe him jump
four feel in the air. The whip geueraliy
carries a<vay a. strip of liesh witn it.
"In a financial way we did well in the
Transvaal, for the Boer 3 arc very fond of
music, from the President downward, bat
music doe 3 not soften tne savage breast
\vi h them, as my adventures show. One
day I was sitting Id my room, a little bit
of an adobe place wnb. no windows and
only an opening in the wall for a door,
when six mounted police rode up and
i resented a scroll to me, which they com
manded me to sign, at the same fme de
manding 10 shillings— they ask 10 shil
lings for everything in the Transvaal. If
you have a sore throat they tine you 10
shillings. Thinking it was only a fine I
signed the scroll and paid the 10 shillings.
Afterward 1 found to my sorrow that I
had signed articles of enlistment to light
acainst Magetto, a Kaflir chief, who was
rebelling about L'so miles from Pretoria.
"There was no American Consul in
Johannesburg, but I went to G. L. Wil
liams, the assisiant Consul. 'I don't
want to tigbt, 1 I said, 'I am here to s'.ng
and have absolutely no cravings for the
joys of a warrior's life.'
" '1 cannot do anything to help you,'
3aid Mr. Williams. 'It's a case of fight or
set out, and if you take my advice you
will go, f.rthey will surely compel you to
tight if you remain.' Wei', it happened
that two days before five Englishmen had
been made to go to the front. I was
fricntened out of my life at the knowledge
that any moment I might have to do tne
same thing, so I made short tracks back
to Cape Town, where I was safe under
British rule.
"When the fighting had blown over I
went back to the Transvaal, to Pretoria,
for a short engagement, and there I saw
the five Englishmen coming back from
the front. At first they had refused to
tire on the Kaffirs, and the Borr3 had pun
is^he'l them by shutting them up in a cage
made of bamboo and feeding them on
bread and water. The cage was put over
i cart and looked something like the con
veyances we call prairie schooner*. After
i while they nave in and consented to fire
Dn the Kaffirs, but they were brought back
to Pretoria in the cage.
"I saw them arrive in Pretoria. One
bad his arm shot off, another had a muti
lated hand, anil soon all through the lot.
President Kruger rewarded them for their
bravery by conferring citizenship upon
them, which means a good deal in the
Transvaal, where you cannot take out
papers unless sou have been a resident
fifteen years, and even then citizenship is
hedged about with great difficulties'. I
should have been sorry to eet citizenship
at the price of fighting the K«ffit«, though,
and was not Ion? in clearing out of the
country for good."
Zirvk's X-Jta\j Lantern.
One of the funniest incidents in ' Merry-
Tramps," the spectacular production in
which the LUiputians will appear here on
Monday, June 7, at the Baldwin, is the
pantomime in the second act, in the course
of which Ebert takes a shower-bath. He
appears very nosy, reads the simboard on
the bathinp-home, and in expressive pan
tomime makes it plain that he lias decided
to have a bath. He takes off his hat, over
coat and coat, but on finding himself in
his shirtsleeves he gives a comical grimace
of moclc modesty and retires behind the
<-bed. His bare arms place several other
"arments into view. .After ii-? has retired
Zink enters carrying an X-ray lantern
which he turns toward the shower-bath,
the sides of which at once become trans
parent and disclose Eoert standing up
right, with his chubby oaclc bared to the
audience, and vigorously rubbing himself
as it in a stream of water. The ab.<urdit3"
of the scene generally arouses a roar oi
laughter. I
Dramatic Brevities.
Nina Bertinp. Humphreys is In London,
where she will appear in opera.
A St. Louis brewer is showing a portrait of
Delia Fox as an indorser of his beer.
The Chicago and Alton road is advertising
its sleepers -with a picture of Edna Wallace
Hopper.
A new light dance will be one of the latest
end best terpsichorean delights of "Miss
Frisco."
James A. Herne celebrated his fifth anniver
sary of "Shore Acres" in Chicago recently, with
souvenirs.
Maurice Grau has secured the lease of the
Metropolitan Opera-house for three years at, a
rental of $52,000 a year.
The Edwin Stevens season at the Tivoll will
show for the first time in this City some of the
lutest Eastern successes.
Caroline Mlskel Hoyt, according to current
rumor, will retire permanently from the stage
at the end of this season.
Jack Barnes is the hit of the London produc
tion of "Lost, Strayed or Stolen." Decima
Moore is also in the cast.
De Wolf Hopper says he is under a hundred
dollars fine, payable to his wife, if he ever re
cites "Casey at the Bat."
U. 8. Grant is the name of the manager of
the opera-bouse in Ludington, Mich. He is
not related to the soldier family.
After to-night the Baldwin will remain dark
till next Sunaav, wiieu it will reopen with the
Liliputians in "The Merry Tramps."
"Xanon" was first presented in this City by
the Carleton Opera Company, with Fannr
Rice. Lilly Post, C. H. Drew, J. H. Murray and
Carleton in the cast.
;'Baby-carriage Checked" is a placard which
is in frout of the Lincoln Theater in Chicago.
This is an inducement for mothers to attend
niatiuee j>eciormances.
Two theaters were recently managed by
banks, one in Fittsburg and one in Kansas
City, and in both ceses the banks hava lost
over $25,000 by the operation.
The Liliputians close their season in this
City and $;o back to New Yor* in order to
catch tho last June steamship for Europe,
where t!i«*y are to niako a summer tour.
John Drew does not expect to produce any of
his new plays until late next reason, as the
demand for "Rosemary" is such as to warrant
its continuance for an unlimited period.
A proposition has been made to secure
Charley's French Opera Company for an ap
pearance at the Metropolitan Opera-house be
fore its next season opens at New Orleans.
Pauline Hall ha* received an offer to appear
next September at the Winter Garden. Berlin.
If she decides to accept, Miss Hall will prob
ably sing at Paris and other Continental ceu
lers.
A picture of Kalherine Florence when she
nppeared as the Indian maiden in "The Girl I
Lett Behind Mo" is now being freely used by
an Indian medlcino House in New Haven,
Coun.
During the coming season Mrs. Leslie Carter
will continue in "The Heart of Maryland,"
and proposes to make her matinee bill "Ca
mille." A week will also be devoted to a new
production.
Belle Archer, who is playing Mrs. Ebbsmith
in "A Contented Woman," and was engaged
for next year with that play, will leave Hoyt
nnd McKee's forces at the end of this season,
as the firm has not d- cided to send out "A
Contented Woman" in the autumn, and there
is no part for Miss Archer in their other plays.
Before Marie Wainwright sailed for Europe
she signed for a tour ot the best vaudevillo
houses next season, under the direction of
Robert Grau. Miss Wainwright will seek ma
terial in London, and Mr. Grau's London office
has already arranged interviews with, several
prominent Enplish authors to lake place upon
Miss Wainwnzht'i arrival.
Mrs. Leslie Carter will stop at Santa Bar
bara during her vacation in this State. The
next tour of "The Heart of Maryland," with
Mrs. farter in tne title role, will opea at tbe
.Baldwin in autumn.
M. Pierre Dscourcelle, author of "Les Deux
Gosses" (The Two Little Vagabonds) lives in
the Ruo Jean-Gonjon. Directly his lriends
read of the cau strophe, they eageriy scanned
the list cf dead and missing, fearing
that Leinp so near tome of his family might
have been present and among tne victims.
They were relieved to find Unit their fears
were unfounded, but hy a gruesome coinci
dence among the victims were Augele Uosse
and Zoe Gosse— Les Dsux Gosses.
There has long beeu an outcry against
prison-mad*? goods, but now it seems that the
public is threatened with prison-made plays.
It Is quite seriously stated that a prize of $100
has been offered for the oest o;ie-act piece
madeb/ an inmate of Sing Sing Prison. The
malefactors outfit to be able to turn out
something realistic, sensational and melo
dramatic, but in the eternal fitness of things
' \ 'J:- NEW TO-DAY-AMUSEMENTS. ;
W Hfi2h £>AN S\ fRANCISCO. CAL. esTAß.issr.
||\ g A" |\ L9S/UM.GELES Cal..esim:iB»
GSUSTAV V Walter, director genebal.
OTarrell St., bet. Stockton and Powell. :
SAN FRANCISCO'S GREAT MUSIC HALL.
A/ve>©ls. CoxxuxLenoiiis 3Vlozicla3r, IVlay 31. '
: EXTRA HOLIDAY ATIKTEJEI MONDAY.
Or^ COMEDY MINSTRELSY AND CIRCUS. £3*
COMEDY MINSTRELSY — HUSIC AND CIRCUS. O
THE STRONGEST NOVELTY ON THE VAUDKVILLE^STAGE^
A W^ &*& BOY The Danioiiis.^iri ■ B /S&* tf%
II I 1 ■ i B"» AND HER GROUP OF L I O NS
r\V*P\rtfi & TRAINED In I^^^ 113 W
BILLY CARTER
-_.__ •_■ America's Best Comedian and Bun joist.
PERRY and LULU RYAN and EMMA WOOD
', In the Latest .Eccentricities.
3M:O3E=L fl l?C>3>3* ■TT-Tfntnnrp
■•_ -. Musical Artists and Entertainers.
of J ULES~AN EITLA^QA^RISONr^
POSITIVELY LAST WEEK OF— — ~^™
m MYSTEKIOUS _OI^jB3XrjB^ B lA e^ZL E NADINI
THE BAGGESENIL J_
And Jjittl© AKT3XTiS. Xj^aLXJCSi-I^ljlKr.
Concerts by the Venetian Ladles' Orchestra In the annex «very evening after the regular performance. l
MATINEE THIS (SUNDAY) AFTERNOON.
Parquet, any seat. 25c: Balcony. •>"" wm, 10c: Children )oc. any part.
nrvi f in/rnT A imonday evg., _____
I II II I I'lVI-KI A MAY 31st, x^^^>v
V>^_/l-^ KJ> IVliJlriLi|ThirdAnnual JL^TQIIL
'Engagement of ',// y^^^gj^^. \
"OUR HOME ORGANIZATION," fjy^Bj
The Frawley tmm^ui
Presenting Haddon Chainb.rs' and B. C. Stephenson's Powerful Drama .-
T HE FATAL CARD.
— —THE OO3\H?-A.3NTT?* —
FRANK WORTHING, j. M. COLVILLE
THEOi>OKE HAMiLTON, HARRY CORSON CLARKE,
WILSON EN OS, THOMAS W. KOSS,
AVILLIAM LEAVERS, OEOR«;E BOSWORTH,
ELKAXOBMORETTX, GLADYS WALLIS,
6KOBOIA BUSBY, CLOY BOUTON,
PHOSA MCALLISTER, MADGE CARR COOK,
' BLANCHE BATKS. ' ' *
l\/T/~\O/^Qi r >/*^V5C> | THIS AFTERNOON AND TO-NIGHT.
IVI V_/il V-/O O . LAST PERFORMANCES OF
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE "A DARK SECRET"
WALTER MORObCO...SoIe Lessee and Manager. | With Its Excltiug Boat- Race Scene.
Commencin?: MONDAY EVENING, May 31st,
Third Successful Week or MAUD J£DNA HALL, Everybody's Favorite in
LOST IN NEW YORK
A Scenic Comedy Drama That Has Achieved Great Success
Both Here and In London.
SPECIAL MEMORIAL DAY MATINEE ON MONDAY | *2rJSrzS££SS£:
EVENING PRICES— IOc. 2Sc and 50c. MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
BALDWIN THEATER
Ai.ii*vniA-xOa <]Dcorporama;i'.... Proprietors
NOTE.— Commencing to-morrow, theater closed
for six nights.
Beginning MUfDAlfifEllffG . . .June 6,
.■'■;.■' The Famous and Only <i
lILIPUTIANS
•- IN* THE :
Grandest Spectacular 'Production Ever
Presented in This Country,'
MERRY TRAMPS.
THREE . The Harvest Festival. -
GRAND The Electrical Dance.
BALLETS. The Silver Lace Ballet.
Novel Effects— Brilliant J Scenery— Gor-
geous Costumes. .
Matinee* Wednesday and Saturday.
Seats ready Wednesday, June 2. . ..
N. B. — Wednesday Matinees at popular prices.
SUTRO BATHS.
.-■ The Greatest Xatatorlum in the World.
THIS AFTERNOON, From 2:30 to 5 P.M.
SENSATIONAL AQUATIC NOVELTIfcS!
DIVING FOR GOLD!
OPEN' TO ALL COMERS. '
MVIYfi Vdfi VIH'PP » Open to Boys
UlllllW rUll MLVtk 1 and Girls Only.
; RIDING THE BARREL!
Open to All.
Valuable one; Prizes Awarded the Winners.
Swimming Races! ] gg $£g«;
And an Exciting Obstacle Race !
: TO-NIG-BT ! FROM BTO
vo-Krica-aaLT : 10 O'CLOCK
A lAGKIFICEST ELECTRIC
STEREOPTICOM DISPLAY !
49- Special Attractions TO-MOKKOW
(Monday), May '31. j
THE OBERON,
o'i'arrell Street, near Stockton.
— farewelL7~concerts-—
FERDINAND STARK
And His Great Orchestra, in programmes contain-
in; ail the Jtavorite compositions.
' -, '.i'.rit Appearance of the ;_,;.■.
ISTERSATIOSAL LADIES* (ORCHESTRA.
■ Considers^ by musical adepts the finestnreanl-
zation or Us kind. •• ADMISSION FKEE.
MRS. HOFFMAN-MARTIN
; - Wilt speai on THE POVVKK OF THE PRr.SS
—PUBLIC OPINION— I'A-E. Why |
Theodore Durnmtshonld not suffer the death pen-
alty. Metropolitan Temple. Friday evening, June
4. sale, of tickets at Sherman, I l»y & Co.'s music
store. 1
it would have oeen better to ask the inmates
of Sins ting to supply the stage with sonio
novel contributions in the operatic, or say tbe
serio-comic line.
A writer in the Dramatic News says: I hare
before me a scrapbook with a list of queens of
the stage, as voted by the newspapers. I find
no less than six queens in three years' time.
It is a pity their reign is so sh'Tt, or the news
papers arc so hard up for circulation, that
ihoy need secure a new one. The Journal
« few years ago started this snap and Corinno
won it. It cost her over a thousand dollars to be
the queen of the siage by the vote of tho
public. H. R. Jacobs did most of the votina:.
Then came the World. It made Pauline Hall
the favorite, nnd McLellau has since been ex
amined in supplementary proceedings. Then
came Amelia Bingoam. How much uai speut
by her husband remains a mystery. Shi is,
oi course, queen of the Evening World's &tage.
How much good mat has done her she can
best explain;
The annual report oi the Sheffield Cham
ber oi Commerce asserts that 90 percent
of tbe razors used in the Australian col
onies are supplied by Germany and tbe
United States.
II I PA7ADI To-Night. the Far-
jil lifl/UK cicalComedy,"T»iK
NbUflfaHll I IHR X . HATS'
Bpl«sco&Lai''aii:o.Mr3. | And the . Snccessfui Chi-
nese drama,
"THE ' FIR ST-BOK N."
MONDAY, MAY 31,
SPECIAL DECORATION DAY MATISEE
i ■ '. '■' ■ '
San Francisco's Favorite play,
THE AMERICAN GIRL,
Followed by
The Greatest Success Ever Seen. in This City,
' JFrancli Powers" Unique Chinese Drama,
"THE FIRST - BORN."
■ ' . ■ '■".■-■-■'* ■ '•■ ' ■ ■ *
FOURTH WEEK,
Owing to the enormous demand for seat*.
Prices 15c to 50c. Telephone No.. Black 931.
TIVOLr OPERA-HOUSE
Jlio.J'.Ksiii.TiXit kehuvv Proprietor & llaaaji;
To-Niglit-La-st Time !
Floiow's Lyric Opera \ ;
"H/L A.R.'TH:^ ! "
• — Splendid Cast.;--: ;
New Scenery '•- -- . — Correct Costumes
— Grand Ballet —
To-Morrow .Evening,
he beautiful Comic Opera,
— - IST .A. 3XT O 3?J Ir—
LOOK OUT FOB
ft 3VEZSS FRISCO ! "
OUR FIRST ANNUAL REVIEW. .
Podult Prices— —2s3 and 500
THE CHUTES.
THIS AFTEROON AND IiVJEN'IN'G
Grand Open-Air Concert by .; .'
CASSASA'S BAND OF SOLOISTS!
; The Venetian Ladies* Orchestra
—In the Casinu. So Extra Charge——
j< : AXISIATOSCOPE. NIGHTS, FREE ! ; :
Chosen : Friends' Oating 'Monday
Admission 10c Children 5o
: :;vv^-:EL : CAMPO, : ' ;; :";:; : ..
■■-■I , THE POPULAR BAY RESORT,
NOW OPEN EVERY SUNDAY DURING THE
SEASON. Dancing, Bowling:,' Boat-
ing. Fishing! and Other Amusc.T.c^ir
;.= ■' Refreshments at City, prices. > Fare/ rojnd ! trip. .
: £sc, Children 15c; including admission tosroundj,
rat: STEAMER URIAH
.Will leav") Tiburon Ferry; at 5 19 :30 a. m.; 12:10,
2:00 and 4:00 p. m. Ret urnlus, leave Eli Camp 4
i at 11:15 a. x , 1:00, 3:00 and 5:00 r. M,
2526
THE FAMOUS HAUNTED CELL IN THE MARIN COUNTY JAIL
It was late when we reached San Ra
fael, on our way to vi3it Marin County's
haunted cell. It had been a warm day,
and the air scintillated still with the heat,
and the trees languidly tried to fan them
selves after tne exertion of enduring. The
flowers glanced at us from between the
cracks, nodded over the fence tops and
showered their petals down from above,
welcoming us with the perfume of their
warm breath. The cool evening shadows
began to creep after us, doubtfully, like
naughty children who have stayed away
too long.
"Going to jail" is not the pleasantest
thing on earth, even with a clear con
science. 1 tried to fancy how one would
feel to be chained and led to a dungeon
along a pathway strewn with flowers,
with a load of sin upon his soul and tho
consciousness that the world knew of his
guilt. To endure hell in the midst oi
heaven must be no worse.
We paused on the lawn in front of the
Courthouse and viewed the prison from
without There were a few blank, staring
windows that contrasted strangely with
the green, smiling lawn. There was noth
ing unusaai about it. It was like all the
rest.
"Did you want the County Clerk?"
asked a voice at my elbow in dulcet tones.
Turning I saw an elderly gentleman
with a world of mischief in his eyes and
two dollars' worth of expectation in his
smile.
"No; the Sheriff."
He hurried away, with a disappointed
droop of his shoulders, while I, feeling a
bitterness arising in my soul against good
Dame Fashion, who decreed white veils,
hastened up the steps to make my identity
known.
The Sheriff— l think it was that worthy
gentleman, if not, the people of Marin
County have made a mistake, for he
Bhould be— took his important-looking
keys from the drawer and led as into the
ball.
"Want to see the haunted cell and stay
there"; he spoke with a falling inflection,
eyed us and smiled cynically — the kind of
a smile that impresses you with the
owner's knowledge of the world and
human nature, and tells you plainly that
he thinks that you are a harmless lunatic
playing the part of a fool.
That is, a smile which is owned chiefly J
by politicians, although at times it is bor- j
rowed by newspaper editors.
"Want to be locked in, I suppose?" he !
went on, jingling his keys unpleasantly, j
and stiil eying us with that smile, curving j
his lips. "'Want to wait till the ghost ap- j
pears, hey? Weil, it's a nice cool place to j
wait in. There's only one fellow down
there now, locked up for vagrancy, five
da vs. "
Mentally I thanked heaven that my sen- !
tence was lighter — booked on? nieht for
curiosity. I compared the two— vagrancy
and curiosity. The latter deserved the
heavier punishment.
"This is where we used to hang people," 1
said the individual with she keys, as he i
pushed aside the loosely laid strips of car- j
WROTE "ONLY WAITING."
Frances L. Mace, the Celebrated Authoress, is at
Present Residing in California.
Only waiting till tbe shadows
Are a iittle longer grown ;
Only waiting till tbe glimmer
Of tbe day's las: beam Is flown.
Few English-speaking hymn-lovers are
unfamiliar with "Only Waitine." Ratner
than the expression of any one human
heart it seems tbe spontaneous utterance
of many beautiful lives.
But it was first felt, and sung and writ
ten by brown-haired Frances Laughton
of Maine, now white-haired Frances
Laughton Mace of California, who, five
years ago, from her bed of pain and help
lessness, unable to move hand or foot,
FRANCIS L. MACE.
dictated "Gethsemane," voicing one pite
ous wail:
Thon knowest, Lord, how weak my faith,
How sharp the thorns upon my path.
The single, self-considering plaint In all
her abundant writing.
Later came "Patience."
I asked of gifts the fairest and the best,
G?m* of the spirit that should shine afar,
Making my life to other lives a star.
• • * * i «
I did not ask for patience, which 1 deemed
Too poor a treasure for the life I dreamed.
How conid it be upon my royal road
I should need help to bear a weary load?
• * 9 * * »
O you who watch with me the years go by,
Kbot in from life's sweet work and liberty,
Let us hold fast to patience; she slone
A bides when hope and happiness are gone.
• •»«•*
At 18 Frances Lauphton was a dream
ing, blue-eyed girl, with firm blacfc brows
and rippling gold-brown hair. Intellect
was hers by birthright; poetry by the
grace of God.
"Mine was a silent, dreamy childhood,"
she says, "haunted by visions of impossi
ble poems; a lead pencil and scraps of pa
per scrawled over with verse, hidiien away
in nooks and corners."
At 7 she besran to think in rhyme. Be
fore she reached 13 she had translated the
JEneid and taken up bucolics. At 12 tier
poems began to appear in print. The
first to be published was
pet and exposed the trap. "The rope was
fastened up above there and" — he pushed
open the door leading downstairs — "the
spring is right here in the wall. The con
demned man was brought up these stair-,
slipped on the trap, the black cap was
firawn over his face, some one touched
the spring anu, zip — oh, I've seen lots of
'em!"
HAUNTED CELL IN THE MARIN COUNTY JAIL.
He spoke pleasantly, nay cheerfully, as
though it were a trifling thing to hurl a
human being into that mysterious condi
tion known as death. To bind a man and
lead him to death like a dog while the
curse, the disgrace falls upon the innocent
—for after death there is no disgrace.
Civilization has not gained so much
after all, when people of supposed ad
vancement can nod in approval at the
hxed date of a hanging; can prowl about
and gloat over the helpless misery of the
victim and beg for permission to witness
the last agony. Actuated by intense ha
tred or a deep-seated wron; it might be
pardonable — revenge— anything is prefer
able to idle, morbid curiosity.
Better, it seems, would be the den of
wild animals and death in fiffhting, even
though the spectators cheered the con- |
TBh MARINER'S LAST WISH,
In the unfalhomed deep.
Where far above me shall the sea birds fly.
Where tbe storm spirits unawakened sleep,
There let me lie
Not bad, for a girl of 12.
When stie was 18, the same age at which
Bryant wrote "Tnanatopsi?," a (riend told
her of the answer an old man in the poor
house gave to the question, "What are you
doing here? 1 ' He rep'ied, "Only wait
ing." An hour later the hymn was writ
ten word lor word as it stands to-day. It
was published above the signatureof Inez,
won immediate celebrity, was copied over
and over again, set to music and included
in different collections ol' poetry and
songs.
Other writers claimed its authorship.
The matter was finally settled by an in
vestigation set on foot by Dr. Martineau
of London, England, assisted by Professor
Bird, the eminent hymnologist of Lehieh
University. The hymn is to be found in
Mr«. Mace's volume of "Legends, Lyrics
and Sonnets."
At 19 Frances Lau«rhton married B. H.
Mace, a lawyer of pronounced literary abil
ity, who has been her most unsparing critic,
and to whom also her work has been the
source of greatest pride.
To-day he glows in speaking of Kiing
sohr, one of her most ambitious produc
tions. It tells of Klinirsohr. deathless
King of Poesy. • • « He it is who fires
the Drain
With thoughts of noble meaning, lights the soul
With splendid visions, and with voice that steals
1 he heart away leads upward to the stars.
" Blng thou of love, and thou of war," he said,
14 And both of beauty as ye read it best
In Nature's changing face. There is no law
Nor limit to your freedom."
* * • •
Oh, strong heart within me grew, and strong
My right hand held the swo.-J of victory.
* • • • «: •
Hardly feminine— that ?
Eight cniidren she has brought into the
world; five-ahe has seen, to use her own
expression, born into tbe world beyond.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 30, 1897.
quering beasts of the forest, than such de
praved ignominy.
We followed the Sheriff flown the
wooden steps and into the damp of the
prison . air. He showed us the cell of
Colonel Finigan and told us how he had
entered there a rich man and in a short
time had gone into the world again to go
through insolvency, and he smiled mean-
ingly again.
"Wbat will his wife dot"
"She can't do anything, now," he said,
as he turned away, "but she'll come out
all right. There's no getting away from a
woman."
Which may have been true — with ex
ceptions, as in all rules — but it was
scarcely polite.
The keys clanked unpleasantly as the
door was unlocked into the further corri
dor and the whitewashed walls gleamed
ghastly in the half light. We passed the
cell where the vagrant lay — an old man,
broken in body and soul, with pitiful, un
certain eyes and trembling hands.
He should have been resting in this
evening, after his battle of life, in the
shelter of love, hiding his scars and bear
ing the wounds until he should sink away.
She raised her children, cared for her
household, shared the reverses and suc
cesses of her husband's career, living the
while the poet's life of isolation, best de
scribed in her own lines:
In tbe house which is my own.
Though no living eye can read
The invisible title deed
Which makes it mine alone—
In the room where my heart and I
In still communion alt.
It adds nothing to her rare personality
that she early won and without effort re
i tamed recognition.
She published in Harper's Magazine and
| other periodicals of that class as well as
j for the great papers. Perhaps no woman
! has had more poems illustrated in Har
per's by the best artists in the same
length of time than Mrs. Mace between
the years of 1870 and 1890.
At the Bangor centennial in 1869 her
poem was selected to be sung.
Her friends like to remember that when
Portland unveiled the English bust of
Longfellow, presented to the Maine His
torical Association by the Longfellow me
morial committee, of which the Prince of
Wales was chairman, Mrs. Mace wa«
called upon for the dedicatory poem, and
responded with her fine "Welcome Home
to Longfellow.' 1
Tben, too, when the gentle Whittier
first met Mrs. Mace tie said: "In Bangor
I know but two persons, Hannibal Ham
lin and thee. I know him for his states
manship and I know thee for thy beauti
ful poems."
It is hard to tell of the catastrophe in
this beautiful life— hard to recall that
under the strain of intense and conflict
ing activities of mind, heart and body,
the body, being weakest, gave way.
Worn out by the care of her youngest
daughter, an invalid, blue-eyed Juns
Mace, her "summer child," of whom she
writes, "Her days had been for laughter,
not for tears, " she iell ill of pneumonia,
which resulted in a stroke of paralysis.
Possessed of what should have been a
strong body, with a rich and trained in
tellect, present success assured and the
future beaming with promise, she was
forced to lay down her pen, as her friends
believed, forever.
But her indomitable mind did not
yield so easily. Long before the tiniest
muscle would respond to her will, her
brain resumed its work.
In her quiet hill cottage near Los Gatos
she is regaining a measure of physical
strength and freedom: above all, her pen
hand is again obedient, and she loves to
reach out toward other* shut in like her
self from "life's sweet work and liberty."
She looks upon this as the one way left
her of serving the humanity she loves —
this woman, whose simple act of living is
a service to the world.
From her broad window she gazes with
far-seeing eyes bayond picturesaue Santa
Giara Valley, beyond stately Mount Ham
ilton, to where she sees a great stone house
beside the blue Peaobscot, where, she
says. "I see again beloved faces, missed
forever from my life. I cannot forget, but
I think I shall find content in this pretty
home among the hills."
WILD BOSEB OF MAINE.
[July, 1896. 1
When the midsnrunier day* are come
My heart is fad with dreams of home.
Beyond these blaz.ng bi'U X see
The Fairyland of memory.
For now the wild rose blooms again
I ii all the cherished haunts of Main*
Along the roa :al le tirst I view
The daimy flowers of seashell hue;
In open places of the woods
The; beautify the solitudes.
The craggy river banks they fringe
With rich festoons of rosy tinge.
And over all tbe seaside isles
This glory of the summer smite*.
O boo'i divine which Beauty gives'
Once seen and loved it always lives.
And like a never-setting star
Sheds blissful oeumi through years afar;
Ho by I'ac-iflc's lone y spa
The Maine wild roses bloom for me!
Earah Hughib Graves.
instead of lying on an iron cot in a dank
cell, alive and unfriended, his food the
prison fare served to him in rusted tins.
"Bad luck, pardner!"
He sat up and looked at us and swayed
his body back and forth in feeble assent.
"Go wy from here," he said ; "'tis not
I for you I"
Then he lay back and closed his eyes,
while I looked longingly toward the
outer door. Most glad would I have been
to "go wy."
"He was hunting for a poorhouse or
beggar's home, or a poor-farm or some
thing, and got in here," said our guide.
"Poor old fellow," said a companion.
"How do they get so low?"
"Oh, he's all right, getting board and
lodging free for a few days. You women
are too a — sympathetic."
There were two large cells opening into
each other, and containing, respectively,
two tanks or dark cells. We went into
the inner one and looked about. A more
uninviting place I have never seen. There
was no connection with the outside save
through the other cell. The walls were
white washed, blank and glaring; an iron
THE GHOST AS IT IS SAID TO HAVE BEEN SEEN.
THE RICHEST MAN IN ALL AMERICA.
SPOKANE, Wash., May 26, 1897.— As I
I was lounging in the lobby of the Hotel'
Spokane this morning I noticed an elderly j
man, with a newspaper carelessly folded I
on his lap. He is atypical frontiersman,
miner and prospector, tail, buie-ered,
stoop shouldered, iron-cray hair and un- |
kempt whiskers. He was in a good humor
with himself and all the world aud was
easily engaged in conversation.
"lam here from Montana," he stated,
as he called my attention to a paragraph
in the Anaconda Standard in regard to W.
A. Clark's fabulous strike in the May
Flower district.
"I knew it was bound to leak out some
time," he added, "and have been sur
prised that it was kep^ from the news
paper sharps so long. You will see that
strike make* William Allen Clark the
richest man in the world. Beside him all
the millionaires of ancient and modern
times are but as paupers. Clark is the
only living billionaire and the only man
who ever required ten figures to represent
his wealth!"
This information took my breath and I
was anxious to hear more. The old gen
tleman was just as desirous of imparting
all the information stored away in his
shaggy head.
"You see," he continued, "it states that
Clark purchased the May Flower claim
nine months ago for $150,000, and ai that
time there had betn no development work
excepting a seven-foot hole."
I glanced at the paper and saw the old
prospector was stating the facts.
"Then from a space 16 by 10 feet and
only 10 feet deep the lucky owner has
taken $100,000. I happen to know all
about it. for 1 have been over every acces
sible foot of that claim."
"Do you know what happened after the
figure* showed the wealth of the mine?"
I confessed my ignorance and curiosity.
"Why, ClarJc shut down the work and
packed off every man that had been work
ing for him, excepting myself, lo his dif
ferent properties in other sections of the
State— scattered them, as it were, to the
four parts of the earth, and they are kept
at work. When one grumbles about any
thing, seeking some excuse to quit, to go
prospecting on his own hook, his wages
are raised and he ii induced to remain
where he is."
"What was the reason for such action?"
I inquired.
"That's just what I am Roing to tell
you," replied the old prospector, as he
took a chew of tobacco.
"You see, Clark has handled some
pretty rich properly in his day, but he
had never run across any th Ing like this,
and he didn : t want any experienced
miners around. You see, ,the paper states
that this mineral belt extends clear from
the Boulder to the Jefferson River, and so
it does, a distance of nine miias, every
foot of which can be traced by croppings.
Clark has been filling the district with
greenhorns, fresh from the East, who
have staked out claim after claim, and
I wouldn't know a piece of gold quartz from
an old chunk of cast iron. Every one of
these claims has been bonded or sold ■;
outright to Clark. He probably owns
about thirty-six square miles of territory,
the richest on the globe."
"I was a sort of assistant foreman on
the first work. I am getting too old and
stiff to do anything but boss, and I knew
Clark's people way back in Ohio fifty
years ago, when old Bill Allen— 'Foghorn
Allen* as they used to call him — after
whom Clark was named, was the great
political power in the State; and so Clark
put me in charge of the May Flower work.
He sent me gangs of the greenest men I
ever saw handle a pick or shovel, and I
was in terror every time a blast went off.
We ran that tunnel the Standard tells
about 100 feet below the first opening and
we atruck the ledge again, just a foot or
two wider, if anything perhaps a little
richer. Then we went 300 feet lower on
cot, with a rougn blue blanket, sat in a
corner. That was all the furnishing.
•'This is the haunted place!" he said,
going toward the further tanK. "In here
a man hung himself. See," he went on,
"there's where he tied the rope — up there,
and swung himself off, quite neatly. It's
his ghost that comes back. A Chinaman
hung himself in the other cell, but he
don't seem to haunt it. Guess now he's
got out of it, he prefers to stay."
"But this ghost?"
"Well, there was a young woman here j
from somewhere. She was trying to
paint the town, and we locked her in here
In the morning she swore that the ghost
came out of the cell where the fellow
hung himself, and crouched in the corner
nearest the door. She described him.
and it is not probable she had ever heard
of the incident.
"Then there was a Chinaman who said
he saw a ghost, and when we let him out
in the morning he was nearly crazy with
fright Lots of people declare it is no
myth."
"And yon credit the story?"
He smiled and shooK the keys a bit.
the side of the mountain and tunneled
again and found the ledee intact. After
that we were 3et to wort scratching along
the beck of the ridge here and there for
the 1500 feet of the claim, and everywhere
the ledge showed up between two walls of
granite as perfect as molten lead poured
into a mold, and you see those greenies
really wondered when we would strike
pay dirt! I tell you it was laughable.
Somehow, I disreraember how, a particu
lar friend of mine, Sam Adams, located
on an adjoining claim early in the game,
but Clark, after r:e had scratched along
the 1500 feet, coolly planked down $100,000
and took the claim. I lost my job shortly
after and am now on my way East with
Adam?. I reckon he and I can get along
on $50,000 apiece, but it is a mere drop in
the bucket to what that mountain of ore
is worth."
Hore my friend took another chew as he
proceeded. .
"Now it is simply a matter of mathe
matics, and I figured it out on the cars
coming down and have it all in my head.
The problem kept buzzing in my head to
the rhythm of the car wheels like Mark
Twain's idiotic 'Blue trip slip for a
10-cent fare, punch in the presence of the
paseengaire,' and I can roil it off at my
tongue's end. From a hole 16 by 10 by
10— that's 1600 cubic foet— comes $100,000,
or $62 50 per cubic feet, and two claims
giving a united ledge 3000 feet long, 400
feet deep — and no telling how much
deeper— and 16 feet wide gives 19,200,000
cubic feet at $62 50 per cubic foot in round
numbers aggregates $1,200,000,000, and
that is some idea of the immediate wealth
of William Alien Clark. The gold is
there and it won't take two years to get it
out. You see, just the rock removed in
cur tunneling and scratching, entirely
outside of the main ledge, netted
$500,000,
"I have been studvine the matter over.
)Ol
"I have never stayed here to see," he
said. "I will believe you in the morning."
Then be passed down and out of the
hall. I heard his hurrying steps and the
grate of the keys in the lock. Then I
looked at my companions and shuddered.
I am quite sure they shuddered too.!
"Brave or not," said one, 'M wouidD't
stay here alone for the world. What is it
that makes one feel so sleepy ?"
There was no doubt about the feeling
whatever it might result from. The
thought of anything intangible and inca
pable of ;being understood and which one
cannot wrestle with is distressing. It is
not fear— it is a feeling as difficult of ex
planation as is its cause.
The quickly gathering dnrkness played
tricks with the gray light that filtered in
through the one grated window. It gath
ered in the corner and formed elusive
shapes and chased that welcome intruder
out into the open air, where finally with,
one sigh it gathered its forces and fled,
leaving all in complete darkness.
We aat on the rough couch and leaned
against the wall and talked. Our voices
echoed strangely iv the stone place as we
told of weird happenings, of sudden, unex
plainable and unusual deaths. We re*
counted tales of sudden madness, caused
by the reappearance of those who had
passed beyond the grave, of all the awful
sights and sounds which had been told to
as. We recalled stories of tbe dissecting
rooms, and agreed that it was really fool
ish to be superstitious. And with charm
ing consistency — to be expected, I suppose,
from women — we refused to move or
>leep. We spoke in lower and still lower
tones, until our voices became whispers,
and we breathed carefully, thankful that
we could not see each other, but longing
wistfully for daylight.
I must have fallen asleep, anxious as I
was to keen awake, for I started snddenly
to find myself stiff with cold and some
what confused as to my location. Remem
bering suddenly, I looked in the direction
of the door, which stood partially ajar,
into the other cell a lew feet from our soli
tary window. Gradually something light
assumed proportions, and two arms were
stretched across the top of the door.
Cold in excess, broken rest, and a fresh
fund of ghost stories, are apt to make one
nervous and apprehensive. I did not
move until I was positive that there was
something there. Then I awoke the
others.
"Awake?" I asKed.
"Yes! what's the matter?"
"Look at the doorl"
"Nothing there!" spoken in low whis
per?, as though in fear of disturbing some
thing.
They say that supernatural things are
oftentimes visible to but one person in a
company. I was beginning to fear that I
was the unlucky individual who could
see, when the artist struck a match,
walked to the door, grabbed something,
l:e d up to our view a man's white flannel
undershirt, then peered out the window
and remarked that it would soon be day
light.
I and when I go East I am going to lay the
i subject before Congress. I think the
j Government ought to confiscate the prop
| erty, give Clark a pension of a lew mil
j lions annually and pay off the National
debt. You see — "
But my mind Lad been stunned by the
enormous facts and n ures so glibly nar
rated by my loquacious acquaintance, and
I was moving toward the bar, and as be
joined me he repeated a quotation from
Bret Harte—
This Is my atory, sir: a trifle, indeed. I assure you.
Much mote, perchance, might be said: but I hold
Him of all men most I ghtly
Who swerves from the truth in his tale. No,
thank you. Well, alnce you are pressing,
Perhaps I don't care if I do; you may give ma
the same, Jim— no sugar,
And as the old man moved slowly back to
his seat I inquired of "Jim" who he was.
"Oh, I don't know,' ' he replied, "as I
am comparatively a stranger here, but be
is some fellow with a half dozen aliases,
more or less. I have been introduced to
him this morning once as Rider Hageard j
and once as some foreign nobleman,
Baron Mun — Mvn — Munchausen, I be-
Have, was the name." i
But the hotel clerk was an old-timer,
and smiled as he said: "Been having a
social chat with old Jack Winters, have
you? He is a great one. Knows every
mine-owner in the Northwest; pn. old
time prospector who is a pensioner on the
bounty of every pioneer in Montana,
Idaho and Washington. He can draw the
long bo*r with the best of them, ana like
the hero of '49 is entitled to 'never miss a
meal nor to pay a cent.' "
Derf de Wolf.
Raphael's Joke.
Kaphael, the great Italian painter,
whose celebrated Biblical pictures are
worth fabulous sums of money, was not a
rich man when young and encountered
some of the vicissitudes of life like many
another genius. Once when traveling he
put up at an inn and remained there, un
able to get away through lack of funds to
settle his bill. The landlord crew susni.
"How did that get there?" y
"■ "It was there when we came In. I saw,'
it, but forgot about it. There's a pair of
red flannel what-you-call-e:us on the
other cell door."
Somewhat peculiar certainly, bat still
not supernatural— quite to the contrary.
Daylight came slowly so much more
slowly than it had gone the night before.
It made the walls look painful and did
not interfere at all with the darkness that
gathered in the tanks.
By tne early morning light our faces
hooked pale and haggard and the prison
damp was on our hands and our lips were
parched. There was nothing to say nor
to do save to quietly wait for the Sheriff.
We had stayed in the prison ever night.
And all for nothing.
We did not say nor feel it. We could
not iauph with each other over the non
appearance of the ghost.
There was nothing for the visions in the
unholy place; but the very air we were
breathing resked with the sighs and
groans and misery of those who had been
there before us— the playthings of circum
stance with their unbridled and unprinci
pled natures. Every stone in which the
friendless eyes had gazed had burned
into it the thought that sprang from the
heart. Thoughts of wasted lift, of crime,
accomplished and contemplated, of
crushed hope, of great despair — oh, they
lived au a thrived there, these child rea
of worse than madness, and they shrieked
their little beings into our ears and mads
us feel their living.
But this was no haunting peculiar to
this cell. It is in them all, filling them,
crouchin.- in wait for the next occupant, /
to creep about him and instill itself into
him and possess and handle him before
ho recognizes it.
Then there was a step far away and the
clanking of the keys and the opening of
the door.
We met the Sheriff in ;he corridor.
•'What did you see?" he asked, and
he looted a little anxious. "Is it
haunted?"
•'Yes."
He smiled the old cynical smile.
"What did you see?" he asked.
"Nothing."
"What did you hear?"
"Nothing."
"Well, then?"
"Don't you feel it?"
He turned abruptly and walked away
and we followed, nor did we pause or
speak until the San Rafael sun was thaw
ing out the prison chill.
"I didn't think you ought to have tried
it," the Sheriff said. "It isn't like other
things some way. It seems some way
serious. Good-day," he said. 41 l hop«
you haven't caught cold."
It, may not truly have visible ghosts
that steal in the dead of tbe night from
their hiding-place and crouch in corners,
this strange cell, but it is haunted never
theless, and you can feel it and know it,
and if the visible spirit form does prowl
about it has invisible companionship.
Muriel Bailt.
r cious that such was the case and his r«-
J quests for a settlement grew more and
! more pressing. Finally young Raphael,
| in desperation, resorted to the following
I device: / :
He carefully painted upon a table-top in
| his room a number of gold coins and,
j placing the table in a certain light that
gave a startling effect, he packed his few
belongings and summoned his dost.
"There," he exclaimed, with a lordly
wave of his hand toward the table, "is
enough to settle my bill and more. Now
kindly show the way to the door."
The innkeeper, with many smiles and
bows, ushered bis guest out, and then
hastened back to gather up his gold. His
rage and consternation when he discov
ered the fraud knew no bounds, untii a
wealthy Engli°h traveler, recognizing the
value of the art put in the work, gladly
paid him £50 for th* table. — Harper's
Round Table. • __•'
• — —
Tall persons lire longer than short ones,
and those born in the spring have sounder
constitutions than those born at any, other
season. " .. .SOME PACIFIC COAST LADIES WHO ARE ADEPTS AT WHIST.
_M\.:KW& did we dream when in January, 1896,
Wit first suggested the idea of iorming a
Voman's Whist League to one of the leading
women whisters wno was then in Brooklyn
that the bud would so soon blossom. Those
that we looked upon as favorable to such an
idea threw cold water upon it, but, like
Banquo's ghost, it wouldn't down, and to-day
it is a living reality. The little flame that was
kindled goon spread, and the Trist Club of
Philadelphia, with Mrs. T. H. Andrews at its
head, set the wheels again in motion, and by
her indomitable pluck and energy succeeded
in accomplishing what otherwise might have
proved a failure.
To the ladies of the Pacific Coast no little
credit is due. California was the first State in
the Union to admit ladies Id their whist clubs
with tho same rights anJ privileges as men;
and for that reason and oihers we are pleased
to giye to the whist world the portraits of
many of the leading * hist experts among the
gentler sex who firmly believe and agree with
Eugene S. Elliott, father and founder of the
American Whist League, that the training
schools of whist-players =;iould continue to be
our homes, where our wives aud daughters
reign supreme, and where their ennobling
and refining influence can best be exerted.
Our FWe of Glubs.
A little description of our portrait gallery
will, no doub:, be real with interest.
MBS. P. J- TORMET.
II Mrs, Tormey could be induced to explain
how she happened to take up whist, she would
undoubtedly ieli us "she was driven to it by
her hueband." »\ ith her ihe says it was whist
for bresk.'a*:. whist tor lunch, whist for dinner
and wu:«t far into the night, Mrs. T. is the
wife of President Tormey of the Pacifio Coast
Want Association, who is also president of the
Trim Duplicate Whist Club and director of the
(American Whist League. Her interest in the
me commenced in the spring of 1885, when
• >.- was one of the charter members of a ciub
of ladles and gentlemen. Line many other
ladies on the coast she dates her study of the
game to the enthusiasm of Miss Wheelock.
It is generally conceded by those who know
Mr. Tormey that he is quite an enthusiast on
The game, but Mrs. Tormey is a good second.
To show that she has the lever quite as bad as
her husband: On her first trip to Europe,
several years ago, while in Dresden, she had
a little tea set made to represent spades,
hearts, clubs and diamonds, and table linen
decorated with all sorts of wnist emblems.
Mrs. Tormey thoroughly believes that whist
is an accomplishment second to none. At the
present time she has three daughters now
spending their fourth year in one of the finest
educational institutions in the State, aud she
cays if they graduate without a thorough
knowledge of this beautiful game they go
back again.
MRS. CHARLES S. SITTON,
The founder and president of the Kate Wheel
ock Club of Portland, Oregon. This club is the
largest ladies' whist club in the United States.
At the present time it has a membership of
about one hundred. Three years ago when
Miss Wheelock ma<ie her first trip to this 6tate
iv a professional way an incident of her trip
goes to show how her reputation as a teacher
and player preceded her arrival in Portland.
To use her own words she told us she "ar
rived in Portland tired and travel worn." No
preparation bad been made, of course, for her
coming— and, as she expressed it, she "did not
know a soul in the city. You can imagine
how I fe'.t when I found away off there a club
composed of seventy-five women called the
Kate Wheelock. It was the most touching
compliment 1 ever had paid me."
Mrs. Sitton wa* there, and for several years
she knew of the wonderful abilities of this
little queen, and she says "what other name
could we give our little club?" Mrs. Bitton's
work fn a whist way is a labor of love. We
have had the good fortune to sit opposite her
. partner, and we speak oy the card in say
lag she Is a player second ro none among those
we have met in Oregon. She is thoroughly
I .miliar with every new and old system of
play, being a close siudeDt. Mrs. Sitton's
writings on many a subject pertaining to the
game are familiar to our readers. She often
refers to the quotation from Edgar Allan Poe
where he says, -'Beyond doubt there is noth
ing of a similar nature so greatly tasking the
faculty of analysis. Proficiency in whist im
plies capacity for success in all those more
important undertakings where mind strug
gles with mind."
MRS. JOHN D. EBT.
>frg. Eby is without doubt one of the most
enthusiastic whisters in Oakland, a member of
the Oakland Whist Club and one of its found
ers. She first came into prominence in whist
with her husband, J. D. Eby, in founding the
Linda Vista Club, which was the first club in
Oakland to join the American Whist League.
Mrs. Eby has played in several very important
match games with clubs on this side of the
bay and always came out a prize-winner, or
very near it. Since the organization of the
Oakland Whist Club Mrs. Eby has been a hard
v.orker, a member of the board of directors
find one of the whist committee. She is like
a few others in whist, always working for the
benefit of others.
MUS. GXOHOE B. BATES.
Mrs. Bates is one of the most prominent
whist enthusiast* on the coait She is a na
tive daughter. Bhe was chosen a director 01
the Pacific Coast Wnist Association at its last
annual meeting. To her amiable disposition
and winning ways is due the strong hold she
has upon the hearts of all whist-players with
whom sne comes In contact. About five years
ago she commenced the study of the game,
and she has succeeded in mastering it much
better than the average player. 6he nas cap
tained several ladies' teams In playing for the
Kideout and Bates trophies and alwayssuc
cseded In making an excellent showing. Mrs.
Bates haa often been taken for Miss Wheelock,
between whom there is a striking re
How Seed Germination Is Increased by Electrical Excitation
It has at last been practically proven
that electricity is a real incantive to ibe
growth of plants. This is the result of
experiments made at the Massachusetts
Agricultural College, at Amherit, by Asa
THIS PHOTOGRAPH SHOWS THE ELECTRIC CURRENT HASTENING GERMINATION IN THE
FLOWER-POTS IN PROFESSOR KINNEY'S LABORATORY.
S .Kinney, an eipert agriculturist. Ex
periments to this end hare been con
ducted here for several years, but not
until now has it been found that the elec
tric fluid can be utilized by any one lo
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 30, 1897.
increase the power of germination of a
seed planted in the earth.
Mr. Kinney conducted the experiments
and submitted different seeds 1o the
action of an electric cnrren*. He found
that germination was much accelerated.
Two lots of twelve groups containing 112
seeds each were s-oaked in water until
thoroughly moistened and while wet
placed in glas« cylinders opened at either
end. Copper disks which were connected
with the poles of an induction coil were
pressed agninst the seeds and n current
passed through (hem for one or two min
utes. After this the seeds were sown, the
temperature being kept at 45 to 50 de
grees. The result was an increase of
growth in the seeds to which electricity
was applied over the seeds not subjected
to the experiment of 30 per cent.
The objects of this experiment were
threefold : First, to determine whether
the seed germ responded in any way when
subjected to electrical influence; second,
should there be any visible action, to de
termine whether it was injurious or bene
ficial; third, to determine the effects of
different strengths of current. It was
found that with apparatus within the
reach of almost every grower the use of
electricity may prove of great service in
the termination ol small seeds, which
under ordinary conditions start very
slowly.
In the selection of germinating puns for
this work two chief points were taken into
consideration: First, that the normal or
untreated seeds should have exactly the
same environment as those treated, aside
from the conditions brought about by the
application of electricity; second, that the
conditions for germination should be as
favorable as possible— that is, that there
should be the proper amount of heat, air
and moisture to give the best possible con
ditions.
The form of apparatus used in these ex
periments consisted of two plates, an
outer one of porcelain about nine inches
in diameter and an inner of clay seven
inches in diameter. Within the inner
plate filtered paper is placed, upon which
tho seeds are sown. In the outer plate a
constant supply of water was kept, which
gradually passed through the plate of
porous clay, keeping the filter paper
within constantly moist. The seeds wero
sown upon tha filter paper, which was
divided into eight equal parts. Seven of
these were used for the treated seeds,
while the eighth was for the normal, or
untreated seeds.
A second piece of moist filter paper was
placed over tho seeds, resting upon them
and touching at various points the paper
beneath. In this manner the coverings
were kept moist by absorption. In order to
insure perfeot darkness a piece of black
cardboard was placed over the pan in such
a manner as to shut out the light but not
to prevent a free circulation of air. The
moist filter paper which constituted the
covering of the seeds offered but little ob
struction to growth.
The batteries used in the experiments
were of two kinds, namely, four Lelanche
cells, arranged in series, giving an electro
motive force of from four to five volts, and
two No. 1 Samson cells giving an electro
motive force of 2 88100 volts. Had lone
periods of treatment been desired gravity
cells would have answered the purpose
much better. But as the current was
never used for more than five minutes at
a time and then the battery allowed a
period of re*t, no difficulty was experi
enced from its running down, and a com
paratively constant strength of current
could be rbtained.
The great advantage gained by using
the aat ammoniac battery is the ease with
which it may be set up and renewed when
exhausted. In order that a large varia
tion in electo- motive force could be ob
tained an induction coil was employed
that was a form of the Rnhmtorff appara
tus- In some of the experiments hourly
treatment was desired. This was accom
plished by passing the wires from the bat
tery to an electric clock and thence to an
induction machine. £ cli hour the clock
formed a connection, completing the cir
cuit, and a current was passed through lor
a period of about thirty second*.
The result of the experiments showed
that electricity exerts an appreciable in
fluence upon xhi germination of aeeds;
that the application of certain strengths
of current to seeds for short periods of
time accelerates the process of germina
tion. Those lots of seeds receiving elec
tricnl stimulation gave a higher percent
age of germination than the normal. The
range in the strength of current which
accelerates germination is exceedingly
limited. Seeds subjected to but one ap
plication of electricity show the effect for
only a few hours. E'ectricity when ap
plied hourly to germinating ?eeds or grow
ing plants does not Jose its effect, but acts
as ft constant stimulation to their growth
and development.
George E. Stone, botanist of the Agri
cultural College, says of these experi
ments: "I know of no experiments along
this line in which numerous measure
semblance. Mr. and Mrs. Bates expect to be
in attendance at the seventh congress at
Put-in-Bay.
JIRS THANK H. ATWATKR.
Petaluma should be- proud of having a whist
player of such noted ability in tneir midst.
The Pacific Coast Whist Association at their
annual meeting in January last selected Mrs.
Atwater a? their corresponding secretary.
Her whist fame has reached beyond the limits
of this State. In the whist department of Thb
Call Mrs. Atwater's opinion Is frequently
asked, and in justice to her ability we will say
she is without doubt one of the greatest stu
dents and expert players in the State. Her
writings to the official orsjan oi tho American
Whist League— Whist of Milwaukee— have at
tracted the attention of the whist world. Mrs.
Atvrater is an associate member of the A. .7.
L. and also a member of the Petaluma Whist
Club. For nearly two years she haa been giv
ing private instructions in the science of the
game to a c';ass of twelve, without any com
pensation — for the love of the game only.
MRS. FRANK F. FREDERICKS.
Mrs. Fredericks of the Trist Duplicate Whist
Club ha* made her mark in the whist world.
At the las', nnnual meeting ot the Pacific Coast
Whist Association Mrs. F. and her partner,
Mrs. Myers, carried oft the highest honors
and prizes in the match for progressive pairs.
She is also a member of the crack ladies' team
of the club. Her bright and brilliant whist
play has won her many admirers.
MISS EDITH HAWLKY BROWN.
Miss Brown is one of the devotees of whist
and also one of the charter members of the
Oakland Whist Club. She is a student, and
plays the game with excellent judgment and
skill. If the whist clubs on both sides of the
bay had more such enthusiastic members as
this charming littie lady the clubs would be
greatly benefited.
MRS. X. A. HERON.
Mrs. Heron is the wife of ex-President
Heron of the Linda Vista Club of Oakland.
Mrs. Heron is an excellent whist-player. She
is a daughter of Judge Dudley of Stockton.
Tho Dudley family— father, mother, children
are all constant players of good whist. The
Linda Vista Clnb, of which Mrs. Heron Is a
member, was one of the first clubs in the
State tv join the American Whist League.
MISS ANNIE BLANCHE BHELBT.
Miss Shelby has the proud distinction of
being the whist editor of the Oregonlan of
Portland, Or. Some months ago we bad the
pleasure oi listening to several whist talks by
| Miss Shelby before the Kate Wheelock Club of
Portland. She has the happy faculty of being
able to matte everything clear and concise. Her
experience in the game is far beyond most of
the ladles. Her travels over the world, com*
ing in contact with many of the noted players,
j have given her a wide-world reputation. Her
whist teachings are generally on the line of
the masters, taking no stock in the fads that
tho whist wind blows her way. We hope as
long as the continues in the whist editorial
chair that we will be favored with her
writings.
MBS. F. W. GOBHAM.
Mrs. Gorham is a native daughter of Vallejo.
and has been a whlst-player for the last seven
years. She is a great lover of scientific whist,
a thorough student, and it is said if she had
the oppoitunitv of practice with expert players
she would be the equal of any whist-player in
the State.
MRS. L. A. BLANKENSHIP.
Mrs. Blankenship is the vice-president of the
Trist Duplicate Whist Club and also a member
of the house committee: she is a thorough
student of the game and one of the leading
players of the club.
MR3. JOSEPHINE LOVE.
One does not often meet a more genial whist
partner and player of no mean ability than
Mrs. Love of the Trlst Duplicate Whist Club.
Mrs. L. is one of the board of directors and
also a member of the house committee and
i chairman of the prize committee- Enthu
' sietsm for the came we all love makes her a
< constant attendant at the club.
MRS. JOSEPHINE CURTIS.
Mrs. Curtis, wife of Mr. J. Curtis of the firm
of Payot. Upham & Co., is one ot the most bril
j liant whist-players in the State. She and her
j husband are two of the most active members
•■ of the Trist Duplicate Whist Club. Mrs. Curtis
j was one of the first lady whist-players that
1 was ever selected to go into a team ot four to
I compete for an important trophy, and through
her wonderful skill and ability succeeded in
capturing the much-coveted prize. Her fame
as a whist-player is known in New York,
Brooklyn. Boston and other Eastern cities.
Vogue, an illustrated weekly of New York, has
I asked the privilege of publishing her portrait
j in its gallery of prominent whist-players of
i the country, which will appear in two or
three weeks.
MRS. E. D. FLINT.
Mrs. Flint, a charter member of the Oakland
Whist Club, is a whist-piayer of more than
average ability. It has seldom been our good
i fortune to have as good a partner and one
that always pla'yrd with the sime cooi delib
eration as Mrs. Flint. Her game was always
marked for deep thought, and she seldom sit-i
down to a game of whist without giving it her
undivided attention. It is a rare treat for any
one that loves whist and knows the game to Do
fortunate enough to secure her as a partner.
MRS H. PAYOT.
Mrs. Payot, wife of the ex-president of the San
Francisco Whist Club, dates her deep interest
in the game from a scientific standpoint to the
first visit of Miss Wheelocfc. Mrs. P. is widely
known to the whist-players of the American
Whist League. Last summer at Manhattan
Beach Mr. and Mrs. Payoi captured two of the
prizes given at the sixth congress. Both
expect to attend the next congress at Put-in
Bay th'B season. A short time ago Mr. and
Mrs. Payot returned from a tour around the
world. They met with many amusing whist
experiences, and one of these days wo hope to
do able to publish a full account of them.
merits and comparisons of a large number
of treated and normal plants placed un
der exactly similar conditions nave been
made. Ail experimenters, however, have
not been able to obtain positive results by
the use of electricity. It can readily be
seen from the results of Mr. Kinney's ex
periments that many of the negative re
sults often reported can be accounted for
by the fact that the strength of current
which accelerates germination and
growth is quite limited, and consequently
a current which did not come within this
limit would have no effect.
"These experiments, as well as many
subsequent one?, show conclusively that
electricity, when properly applied, accel
erates germination and growth, and,
furthermore, that experiments have pro
gressed fnr enough to show that in many
respects electricity acts similarly to light
in its stimulating pffect."
2728
FASHIONS, FADS AND FANCIES OF THE SUMMER GIRL
The summer girl of 1897 is to be dis
tinctly an athlete. She may still cling to
the fluffiness of other years when she is
indulging in a promenade upon the hotel
veranda or along the beacu, but this will
disappear when the hour of a'hletics ar
rives. It is all the outgrowth ot the idea
that a woman to be thoroughly fashion
able must be muscular. The day of the
flabby girl has departed.
What particular form will the athletic
fad take? This is the question the moth
ers and fathers of the summer girl have
been asking. You can count the branches
of the fad on four fingers. Here they are:
Golf, fencing, swimming, rowing. There
is a strong tendency toward popularizing
the fourth in the category named. Welles
ley girls had a "crew" last year that took
spins on the river and lake. The gymna
sium s at the girls' colleges were exceed
ingly well patronized by ihe students.
Perhaps one might not think it, bat very
many of those same students are summer
girls — the simon-pure article.
There are a lot of things the summer
girl must know to be athletic If a girl is
really going to enter into outdoor sports,
she must be absolutely correct in what
she does. Golf is considered a rather
muscular game for a woman, and so it is.
Not only that, but it is a game that calls
for knowledge as well as skill. Take
"driving" for instance. In this feature of
golf, one must cultivate a good style.
Style may not be of the great importance
which some veterans insist on, but who
can deny that a good style is a distinct
advantage to the summer girl who wishes
to become a good player?
This is where the knowledge comes in.
To make a irood drive the club should be
grasped firmly with the left hand, the
right being used more to guide the direc
tion, the two hands as close as conven
iently possible, the left being a few inches
from the top of the shaft. Hold the club
w< 11 borne in the palm of the left hand
and more in the fingers with the right.
The ball should be just opposite tbe hands ;
that is, the ball, club, shaft and hand and
eye should all be in the same vertical plane
and the club resting lightly on the heel,
should be at an exact right angle with the
ball's intended direction of flight. Thus the
player's hands will be slightly in advance
of an imaginary line drawn vertically
down the center of her body. She should
stard firm, with her legs about eighteen
inches apart, the left toe slightly in ad
vance of the right. In this posture she
should execute the waggle.
The ideal waggle consists of a gentle
swaying to and fro once or twice only
with the club over the ball, and in the
same vertical plane as the arc which the
head of the club ought to describe in the
actual stroke. The player should waggle
wuh her wrists only. She should let the
club head rest again for a moment be
hind the ball before making her upward
swing, her left eibow slightly squared,
her right at an easy angle, and her hands
well down about on a ievel with her belt.
Then she should swine her club back to a
horizontal position behind the bead, never
for a second taking her eye off the ball,
allowing the body to turn gently with its
weight upon the right foot, raising the
left heel slightly off the ground, a per
fectly natural motion. She should keep
the head of her club perfectly steady and
let her upward and downward swing be
practically one motion.
When the young woman comes to fence
she will find the one thing it is necessary
for her to pay particuia 1 - attention to is
the parry. The safest advice to L-iva to
her is to practice assiduously all the par
ries, excepting, perhaps, the one known
as the prime, which is difficult to execute
and very little used in foil play. As the
young woman becomes more dexterous
she will soon see for herself what guards
are the safest to rely upon. Successful
parrying depends to a great extent upon a
trained instinct, which enables one to
foresee the direction of the opponent's at
tack and upon accuracy and judgment in
executing a movement. The important
thing for the young woman to remember
is that ehe must not be led off into mak
ing her parry too wide, for in fencing, as
in everything else, the conservation of en
ergy is vital.
It is easy to see that if, upon her ad
versary's feint in sixte, the summer girl
allows her blade to fly too far out to the
right she will be unable to ?et it back in
tine to parry the real thrust in quart.
Therefore, she should begin by trying to
make parries too narrow, only broadening
them when she sees she is hit too often.
At the same time she should try to avoid
moving the arm, using the fingers and
wrist almost entirely. The greatest com
pliment which can be paid a fencer is to
say that her finger play is excellent. This
advice, if carefully followed, will give the
beginner a grace which will make her the
envy of her companions.
When the summer girl has learned all
these things carefully she may be tanght
to swim, provided she does not know how.
The method is worthy of a moment's no
tice, however, because it teaches on* how
to swim without entering the water. This
is the way it is done. Take a chair with
out a back and place a padded cushion on
the top. On this the pupil balances her
self on her stomach. Then the in
structress shows her how to work her
hands, and w en they are all right
her feet, and when the hands and
feet can do their part she makes them
work together in proper time. The pupil
stretches out straight from finger tiDS to
toes, palms downward. At the word
"one" the hands are quickly turned out
ward, while the arms are brought around
square with the shoulders. At "two" the
elbows are close to the sides and the'hands
are brought together between the chin
and breast.
At the word "three" the hands are sent
front to the full length of the arm with
energy and not in a purely passive way.
The legs should be carried well up under
the body and outward as much as pos
sible at every stroke. The toes should be
pointed upward toward the shins before
each kick. The object of turning the toes
up is to get ail the advantage possible
from them, as it is in the stroke that the
power is applied with the fiat of the soles.
The feet ought to be turned out till the
toes are in line with the elbows just before
the kicK. After a vigorous kick, turn the
toes downward and close the legs with a
snap, again bringing the soles in use. As
the heels meet tne strain which was put
upon the feet to turn the toes down is
taken off and must be pat on again after
the next kick* is made.
"When the hands and feet cam each do
their separate parts they should Le made
to worJc together In this fashion: As the
hands and arms supply the power, the
legs are being brought up for the kick all
at the word "one." The kick is made as
the hands meet the chest and the sweep
with the soles continues the rhythm as the
hands are brought to the front in the re
covery. By the movements power is al
ways being applied either by hands or
feet. W hile the arms are working the legs
are recovering and vice Versa. A half a
second ought to elapse before the hands
are parted. This will give confidence to
the pupil and will keep her from swim
ming too fast when she makes her first
attempt in the water. So much for learn
ing to swim on dry land.
From swimming to rowing is a natural
step, and so it is that the summer girl
promises to become fairly proficient in
sculling. Now sculling is no joke. It is
not like sitting down with a pair of oars
which fit snugly into rowlocks and will
not go overboard if you drop them. It is
performed by one person, who sits in the
center of the boat and uses a pair of short
oars, technically called sculls, holding one
in each hand. In holding the sculls, it is
a mere matter of fancy whether the right
hand or tbe left is uppermost, the sculls
overlapping more or less. The great points
to be borne in mind are to sit upright, to
reach out well over the toes, dropping the
body between the knees, which should
open out as the arms stretch forvard to
get firm hold of the water at tbe moment
of contact, and to lift the boat over the
water with the first part of the stroke.
The sculls when not in use should inva
riably be flat on the water to preserve the
equilibrium of the boat.
The great art In sculling is to pull
equally and evenly with both hands in
order to balance the boat and to main
tain a straight course, for there being no
cockswain the sculler has to do tier own
steering. This she accomplishes partly
by keeping the stern of her boat pointed
straight at some fixed object astern and
partly by turnina her head, not her shoul
ders and body, round to the right or left
to enable her to cast her right or left eye
as the case may be as far along the water
front as possible.
All these things must tbe summer girl
of 1897 ponder over. If she faithfully car
ries out the promise Dame Fashion will
require her to make she will have far less
time to spend in Flirtation Glen or En-
I gagement Grove.
MARCELLA'S GHAT
Having alluded to the many charms pos
sessed by cashmere when handled by tbe
expert tailor or dressmaker, I am not sur
prised at receiving «*verai requests to de
scribe a few model gowns evolved from
this fabric, and I am especially glad to do
so having just beard of two designed in
Paris. TLe first would admirably suit the
pretty brunette so soon to become a bride,
and would be most cbic as well. It is the
shade of a Parma violet; the blouse bodice
has a creamy cambric yoke, with a quan
tity of the tiniest of hand-made tucks;
groups of these alternate with real Valen
ciennes lace insertion; over this is worn
a sort of bolero oi taffeta glace Parma,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 30, 1897.
covered with ecru embroidery. The
neckband is of cerise velvet veiled with
ecru embroidery. The skirt has its upper
part made of the glace Parma, and the
lower of the cashmere. Ecru pmbroiuerv,
or insertion, with finished edges, conceals
the join. However, I warmly advocate a
skirt made entirely of the cashmere with
bias folds of the taffetas glace, unless ecru
insertion, of a superior quality can be
used. The waistband is of the cerise vel
vet. With thi? can be worn effec
tively a hat of fine black straw, trimmed
with three handsome black ostrich
plumes. Next the hair in the back
should rest a cluster of cerise roses or
Martha Washington geraniums. A short
cape of black mousseline de soie would
give a pretty finish to the costume, which
is lined completely with a Parma-colored
surah, through which runs a cerise stripe.
Equally fetching is a mouse-gray cash
mere. Steel and siik mingled together is
used to embroider the plain round skirt.
The blouse bodice has a small basque of
pearl-gray taffetas that closes on the left
side under two small frills. These start
from the shoulder and vanish under the
waistband of dahlia velvet. This should
bo studded with imitation jewels, and an
emerald clasp holding it together imparts
a certain Parisian touch.
A small hat of mouse-gray straw
trimmed with rich velvet pansies, having
a large white aigrette at the left side, goes
prettily with the toilette.
Garden Party .Models.
Three emanate from the hands of this
I artist and are eminently suitable for tbe
purpose for which they are designed.
Red taffetas glace is used for one. The
skirt is sun-pleated and around it is a
double row of chevrons, made of
black inch-wide velvet ribbon. The
effect is charming. The velvet is
also used for the odd Delt, which
is short in front and in the back, but ex
tends in a deep point almost to the arm
hole on either side. At the left is a
large steel buckle and an erect bow,
made with several loops. The sleeves
are beaded with a draped puff
and are completed with fine taffeta
pleating, which rests on a cream lace
friil, like the upstanding ruff on the chic
flat collar of black silk gauze, relieved
with creamy laca and gold embroidery.
Tbe lace droops as a frill down the front
and is laid quite flatly on the fluted taffeta
epaulets, the long ends of which are
pleated and carried round under the arm
hole. The sleeves are long and slightly
wrinkled. A ruffle of the taffeta and one
of lace completes the wrists.
Virot is responsible for the hat of Gas
cou straw; it has a round brim enclosed
in a bouillon ne of cream lisse, caught up
round the crown with a band of mauvre
ribbon ; this also serves as a footing to a ]
spreading out row of white lace pleatings,
within cream ones. "Saule pleureur
plume of white ostrich feathers Cache
peigne in shaded mauvre flowers."
The parasol used is of pompadour silk,
veiled with white silk lisse and surrounded
with a handsome flounce of white lace. It
has a white satin bow and an enameled
mount.
The French are quite crazy over sun
pleating, so Felix has evolved a second
lovely confection also with a sun-pleated
skirt, but this time he uses a transparent
biue barege, round the bottom of which is
some beautiful Eastern embroidery in
gold and silver thread.
The bodice I am most enthusiastic over,
although I have but tbe colored plate to
gaze upon. It fit 3 closely and is mainly
composed of most exquisite bise guipure
over pale blue satin, and this also is used
to make the tabs, one of which extends
down either side, being about eighteen
inches in length. The Oriental em
broidery that appears on tne skirt edges
them as well as the lawn-puffed barege
that forms the upper part of the sleeves.
Ti ese are made of spotted barege of a
lighter shade than the rest of the gown,
and about them I felt rather concerned, as
really I think the effect would be better
were they of the plain fabric, for what with
the guipure over the blue satin and the
embroidery, the blue velvet waistband
(which had a small buckle to hoid it in
ilace in front, a larger one in the centei of
the moderate-sized blue velvet bow in the
bactr). I think quite enough things
have entered into the composition. How
ever, to continue. A blue velvet bow
appears at the back of tbe neck,
with outstanding loops and ends. Over
each puffy shoulder cap is a bow of blue
velvet with drooping ends; the entire
lining of this transparent fabric is of pale
blue satin.
The style of the hat is the "Aureole," and
in this case is made of pleated silk lisse;
at one side are two roses, one red the
other pink, from them arise a white and
pink aigrette.
The third dress is for a slender young
woman, and can be made out of any light
summery material, but the one under dis
cussion is of the most delicate white silk
muslin, "painted with elongated and
treble Vandykes, black, violet and mauvre,
and further dotted with sets of double
raised spots, recalling the four shades."
The round skirt has fifteen graduated
flounces. Down the front of the bodice is
a triangnlar plastron made of five rows of
smaller ruffles. The sleeves are close
fitting and gauged, at the top of
which are five diminutive ruffles. The
yoke is of white mousseline de sole,
of an exceptionally good quality.
It is adorned with an undulating
yellow satin ribbon, and gathered to the
neck under a broad one, crossed in the
center with five lines of black baby velvet
ribbon. The same finish used for th«
wristbands and the waist. At the back of
the neck are two accordion-pleated ends
oi the mousseline de soie, trimmed with
the yellow satin (narrow) ribbon and a
row of the black velvet. The entire foun
MINES
&MINERS
Local newspapers report that Colonel An
drews la going up through some of the north
ern counties to look for diamonds. He may
not find rich new diamond fields, but the
matter calls attention to tbe facts that Cali
fornia produces genuine diamonds and that
no systematic prospecting for diamonds has
ever been made in California by anybody who
could recognize an uncut diamond in a gravel
pile.
California has its diamond fields. The term
"California diamonds" has sometimes in a
popular or rather in a jeweler's way been
given to cheap crystals and imitations, and
comparatively few ueople know that Califor
nia diamonds are diamonds, and that the only
trouble with them is that they are small and
scarce as far as we have got with them. The
biggest diamond yet found in the State was in
the rough about the size of a large pea and
weighed two and a quarter carats. Several of
one and a half carats are on record. When
through a large region diamonds of that size
have been accidentally, incidentally and fre
quently shown to exist there is a reason
able probability that time and intelligent
search may reveal bigger and mor* valuable
ones.
Diamonds have been found in this State in
Butte, Amador, £1 Dorado, Nevada and
Trinity counties. The first discovered was in
1850. During the '80' s quite a number were
found, but no recent discoveries of not* have
been reported. Diamond experts acquainted
with the South African fields have advised
that systematic search be undertaken. With
the exception of the microscopic diamonds
found in the platinum sands of the Trinity
River they have in this State been under tbe
same conditions as in Brazil and South Africa
—in beds of conglomerate or cemented gravel,
and generally clos* to bedrock, and also in
dation is of a soft finished white taffeta
siik.
The hat has a circular brim of yellow
straw that matches the ribbon. It is laid
over a deep goffering of silk muslin. The
crown is of mauvre silk muslin, surround
ed with four tabs of white muslin edged
with mauvre frills caught up in the center
under a large tuft of rariegatea roses and
lilies of the valley. Marcklla.
association with platinum and other rare
metals.
The most fruitful field so far discovered Is at
Cherokee Flat, in Butte County, where during
the course of many years quite a number of
sm«ll one« have been found In the gold-bear
ing gravels being worked. Fifteen years ago
one Chris Wlsner found aDout twenty near
Volcano, Amador County, in gravel tunneled
from a deposit buried under forty feet of lava.
One of them he sold for $33. Here as else
where no careful, systematic search or the une
of expert skill followed. In 1861 n diamond
was found one and a half miles from Yankee
Hill, Butte County, during a sluice clean-up
It was sold to M. H. Wells, who gave it to Gen
eral John Bidwell of Chico. The gem weighed
a carat and a half, and Mr. Bidweli had it cut
in Boston. For many years it graced a finger
ring worn by Mrs. Bidwell.
A few others obtained by California mining
men nave been cut and worn by California
ladies. In 1867 three diamonds were found
in gravel near White Rock, El Dorado County,
and one of them was sold in the rough to a
San Francisco dealer for $50. Some time ago
Professor F. Wehler of Gottingen carefully
analyzed platinum sand from the Trinity
River and found minute grains which, after
careful tests, he pronounced genuine dia
monds. Particles of diamonds have been
found in the product of stamp mills throush
which cemented gravel from drift mln«s had
been run, the diamond* having broken up in
the milling process.
The diamond discoveries made so far have
all been made by ordinary gold miners or
others without any expert knowledge of the
gems. Those found are, of course, stray speci
mens from among far greater numbers.
Miners have naturally often pawed over the
gravel from drift mines in regions where dia
monds have been found and have often found
little, reddish, irregular, dirty bits ot crystal
line formation which have been guessed to be
diamonds. They have sometimes shared in
the ancient and general but erroneous
popular idea that a true diamond is
so hard that it can hardly be broken, and
have used a hammer for testing. A diamoiii^k
however, has lines of cleavage, and may ofteW
be split on the edge of a knife or cracked along/
its regularly arranged lines of cleavage with si
smart and not very heavy blow. The most
ready test Is to rub it on a little emery wheel,
and if it perfectly resists the emery it is apt to
be diamond. It diamond discoveries of value
■re ever made in California, they will likoly
accompany the development of drift mining,
which is yet in its infancy In this State. In
the museum of the State Mining Bureau are
several interesting uncut California diamonds
contributed by the late J. Z. Davis, president of
the board of trustees, whu had a deep interest
in the diamonds of this S:ate.
The new trouble with the Anti-Debris Asso
ciation bids fair to be peacefully settled,
hereby preserving the vitally important
spirit of co-operation between the miners and
he farmers, which has already resulted in a
partial resumption of hydraulic mining and
teps to Improve the lower Sacramernn, and
which is needed to secure further Federal as
istance. The executive committee of the
California Miners' Association has appointed
President J. H. Neff. Tirey L. Fjrd and Andrew
Corrigan to confer with the special committee
of the Bacramento Chamber of Commerce.
These committees will institute an impartial
expert investigation of the mines against
which Injunctions hare been asked. The other
evening the Nevada City Board of Trada
unanimously ratified the action of the Miners'
Arsociation, expressed confidence that the
matter was in competent and impartial
hands, and pledged co-operation for a peaceful
settlement Meanwhile the officers of the
Anti-Debris Association have abandoned their
activity, and as a majority of the valley popu
lation are now cordially interested in the re
vival of mining prosperity, In which they in
directly share, and as strong business Influ
ences in Sacramento are interested in preserv
ing the trade and good will of the mining
Communities above, it is likely that the unex
pected campaign against ground-sluicing will
be quietly dropped.
Governor Budd is expected to announce
right away the new board of trustees of the
State Mining Bureau, which It is time for him
to appoint. The members left after the death
of President J. Z. Davis are W. S. Keyes, J. E.
Doolittle, Thomas B. Bishop and W. S. Pyle.
The Governor has an appointment of more
practical importance to make and that is the
State Debris Commissioner. The term of the
Republican incumbent, John F. Kiader of
Grass Valley, will expire June 1, and several
mining engineers want the place without stir
ring up any talk about it. This office is just
about to assume its proper importance, as
$500,000 is soon to be spent on big restraining
dams on the Yuba, Feather, American and
Bear rivers. The $250,000 appropriated by
this State, and now available, is to be spent
according to plans of the Government engi
neers, to be approved by the State Debris
Commissioner and paid out on warrants
drawn by him.
An important question as to what consti
tutes "hydraulic mining" has been raised ty
the manaeer of the Anti-Debris Association In
an effort to induce the Government engi
neers composing the California Debris Com
mission to assume control of all mining in
which gravel or tailings are washed through
sluices by water on the watersheds of navi
gable streams.
It has been erroneously stated in some
newspapers that the Commissioners have ruled
that sluicing in any form is hydraulic mining
within the meaning of the Caminetti act. 11l
fact the commission has decided that the
sluice-working of banks of tailings by the hy
draulic process is hydraulic mining, and
within their jurisdiction, but this official ex
tension of the definition is at present of only
theoretical importance, as only- one miner in
the State has worked beds of tailings that way,
and he has got through.
The Tracy Gold Mining and Milling Com
panr has been formed in this City to develop
the Tracy— formerly the G. A. R.— mine, near
Angels Camp, in Calaveras County. The mine
is on the same vein of the mother lode as tbo
Utica, and displays a wide ledge of good ore,
with a development of only eighty feet. Prepa'
rations for sinking a 500-foot shaft are being
made. — The Kirkham quartz mine at Kevads
City has been bought by the La Suerte Mining
Company, which bonded it some time ago. Ei'
tensive work will be done at once.
Park Music To-Day.
Following is the attractive programme ar
ranged lor the open-air concert in Golden
Gate Park to- da y :
The celebrated funeral march (Chopin);
American overture, containing the National
airs (Moses); waltz, "ImrtiortellSn" (Gungl) ;
pairol, "The Blue and the Gray" (Dalbev);
war memories or "A Day in Camp" (D. w.
Reeves); overture, "Rienzi" (Wagner); grand
selection, "The Martyrs" (Donizetti); para
phrase, "Nearer, My God, to Thee" (Keeves);
march, "Veteran Warriors" (Smith).
SEW TO-DAT.'
Wm United States
iSpP Circuit Court
has granted an Injunction against all infringers on
the patented Imperial Hair Regenerator, manu-
factured only by the Imperial Chemical Mfg. Co.,
292 sth aye., N. V., and the learned Judge on the
bench pronounced it "a useful and meritorious in-
vention." ■ ■
IMPERIAL HAIR REGENERATOR
FOB GRAY OR BLEACHED. HAIR.
Clean," odorless, lasting. It does not contain an
atom of poisonous matter, and will not stain the
scalp and baths do not affect It. Neither does
curling nor crimping. Price «1.50 and 98.00.
ANY SHADE OF ANY COLOR,
Sole Manufacturers and Patentees,
IMPERIAL CHEM. MFG. CO.,
292 Fifth Avenue, N. Y.
IN SAN FRANCISCO. SOLD BY :
8. STROZINSKI. •■!* <;eary street.
GOLDSTEIN A COHEN, 322 Market street.
G. LEDEiiER, 111 Stockton street.
Freud's Corset House.
SPECIAL SALE OF CORSETS
300 DOZEN LADIES' BLACK AND DTRAB ..
SATEEN PEHFKCT-FITTING FRENCH
MODEL CORSEIS, regular price $1 60,
will be closed out at $1.
100 DOZEN PERFECT-FITTINii BLACK AND
DRAB, regular price *1 25, will
be closed out at 75c
The Ventilating or Summer Corset, new
in style, perfect In ahttpe. Price
. from SOo up.
. • ' ;'/— — .-■:-.- ■ . \
' 49" Mall Orders receive prompt attention.
: ' Illustrated Catalogue mailed free.
Make No Mistake in Oar Address,
M. FREUD & SON,
; 742-744 Market St. and KM.' Gr.nt Aye.
SUPERFLUOUS HAIR,
MOLES. .W ARTS AND BKD NOSES, KLACK
heads, reck es and all facia' blemishes per-
manently ■ destroyed ' without -■■ pain or scar by
KLKCIKIC operation. - Book and con-
sultation free.',THE CHIUAGO KLKCTROLYSIS
CO., 613 Parrott building, fc.«u Francisco. ~ Hoars,
»to 4. ".f Sundays 10 to 1. ■-, ■•-•■■-■••THE COMMERCIAL WORLD
>niM.VRY OF THE MAliKtiTS.' .
f. Shipment of 198 634 10 China.
Silver unchanged.
Bank Clearings f .11 off slightly.
Wheat very dull, j
Barley stead/.
Oats wean an! cheaper.
Corn and Ryo dull.
New Hay in light receipt.
. Beans very quiet •
Potatoes weak, pnlons steadier.
Vegetables about the same.
Butter advancing. Cheese firm.
K;cs weak and qu c:.
Poultry unchanged.
Cherries ana Currants lower.
Strawberries higher.
Choice Oranges firm.
Dried Fruits dull.
Hams quote 1 firm.
No further change In Hogs.
Coffee quiet
PRODUCE EXCHANGE SALES.
Produce Exchange Call Sales in May were 222
--600 tons Wheat and 13,700 tons Barley, and for
the crop year to date 2,173,400 tons Wheat and
2V1,2U0 tons Barley.
TO-MORROW A HOLIDAY. .
To-morrow will be observed as Memorial Day,
hence business will be suspended throughout the
City.
BANK CLEARINGS.
Local bank clearings last week were $11,538,
--695. against $11,573,292 for the same week in
1896. For the month of May they were $53.83a
*96, against 555.009.729 for May. 18-6 For the
year 1897 to date they are $2«5,065.f195, arainst
$277,800,604 for the same period m 1836.
TREASURE SHIPMENT.
The Belgic took out a treasure list of 198.634,
consisting of $7879 in Mexican Dollars, $655
in Uoid Coin and $190,100 in Silver Bullion.
Explanation.
The arroTV flies with the wind. The top figure*
■t sta'.ion indicate maximum temperature for ihe
dars: those underneath It, if any, the amount of
rainfall, of melted snow in inches and hucdredths,
during the past twelve hours. Isobars, or soiid
lines, connect po!n s of equal air pressure; iso
therms, or dotted linen, equal temperature. The
word "high" means high barometric vressure and
is usually nocomDanied by fair weather: "low"
refers to low pressure, and is usually preceded
and accompanied by cicudv weather and rains.
"Lows" usually first appear on the VVusblnjcton
coast. Wh^n the pressure is high in the interior
and low along the coas;, and the isobars extend
north and south alone ths coast, rain is probable:
but when the "low- is inclosed with isobars of
marked curvature, rain south of Oregon is improb
able. With a "high" ln the vicinity of Idaho, and
the pressure falling to the California coast, warmer
« etther may be expected in summer and colder
weather in winter. The reverse of these conditions
will produce an opposite result.
THE WEATHEPw BUREAU.
United States Depabtjcejtt op Agricul
ture, Weathkb Bureau, Sax Francisco, May
£9, 1b97, 5 p. m.— The following are the rainfalls
daring past 24 hours and seasonal rainfalls to
date, as compared with those of the same date last
season :
Eureka, past 24 hours .00. this season 49.50,
last season 51.60: Red Bluff, past 24 hours .00, j
this season 24 16, last season 22.33; Kan Fran
cisco, past 24 boars 00, this season 23.2£ last
season 21.25: Fresno, past 24 hours .OJ, this sea
son 10.53, last season 8 18: ban Luis Obi*i>o. past
-4 hour 3 .00. this sea>on 20.74, lait season 17.72;
Los Angeles, past 24 hours. oo. this season 16 85,
)a-t season 35: tan Diego, past 24 hours.
this season 11.77, last season 5.92:, Ynma, past 24
h.arj.OU, :his heason 5-35, last season .88.
an Francisco data: ilaximum temperature 59,
minimum 50, mf an &4.
Weather conditions and general forecasts: ,
An extensive area of low pressure lies over the |
western h«lf of the conntry. From Arizona to j
Washington the pressure is brlow the -normal.
During the past twenty-four hours there has been 1
a fall of .- of an lech, or more over Idaho, Eastern I
■ Washington and Eastern Oregon
The temperature has fallen in the great valleys
Of California from 6 to 10 degrees, ana throughout
Oregon and Washington from 16 to 20 degrees.
The temperatures over the great valleys of Call
fornia are slizhtly above the uormnl.
A thunder-s"-orm is repor:ed at Phoenix.
Forecast! made at Ban francisco for thirty
boars ending midnight Sunday, May 30. 1897:
Northern Ca'ifornia — Fair Sunday; cooler in
the Interior: variable winds Inland; fresh westerl/
winds a:oag the coast.
Southern California- Fair Sunday; fresh west
erly winds.
-Nevada— Cloud/: tooler Sunday.
V an— Cloudy: cooler Sunday.
.Arizona— 1 bund showers early Sunday morn
ing; cloudy Sunday. .
fen Kranrlgco and vicinity — Fair Sunday;
f esh westerly winds. Alexander McAniE.
Local forecast UdiciAl.
NEW TORK. EXCHANGE.
NEW YORK, K. V.. Mar 29.— stock mar
ket 1 opened active and fairly t buoyant with, ad
vances extending to Vi a roint throughout the
list. London quotations showed fractional ad
vances from local closing figures, and the moder
ate transactions for foreign account were on the
buying side. There was uo particular news, bet •
good effect wa» exercised by Game's speech at Cin
cinnati yesterday declaring the policy of the ad
ministration regarding the reform of the currency.
Granger shares were the leaders of the market,
but there was also noteworthy activity In anthra
cite shares,' feusjar Refining and Chicago Gas. The
approach of the doable holiday was responsible
for 'me talcing or profits before the clos?, but the
undertone of the mar* et.. continued firm. Tue
feature of the ban* s atements wat an Increase in
loans amounting to 82,-57.000. This was prob
aDly chleav due to the loans made here recently
by out of town »nd notably Boiton borrowers, and
it also in' part reflects the borto-.vlnj:s or importers
' against the recent heavy importations of me. cbaa
due. . ;
lh» Imports for the week at this port are valued
it $11 t>9 4.880. against $10,971,014 last weeic
and $t>.660,897 for I he corresponding week last
year. The actual c.»*n ho.alng* of ho banks i ii
creased 91.4H100U. and dejioa.ts Increased ■$3,
--488.010 Surplus reserves are $617 000 higher
tb.au a weeic ago. Government bonds were steady.
at unchanged quota:. Railway boads wer*
strong. .
The weekly ■ statement or trie average) of the
associated banks- shows an increase or nearly
$1.600 000 In lawful nionei-, more than bait in
legal leaders. Alt of this money is irono the in
terior, together. with enonaa more to offset the
arncunta withdrawn on account of exports of
specie. The Increase of over $2,500 in loans,
lM'Jerstaad. reflects the special and temporary
transactions. '1 he two cjaa^es noted are not
fu.iy r*-fl"-;ed In the deposits, although they are
nearly SJ.SOJ 000 largtsr than last ween. To« net
result brings the surplus reserve up to 846.616,000.
Money on call H/iidtl^t P er cent: time money—
60 days, - p<r cent: 4 m.d 5 months, i\'s per cent;
6 and 7 months. 8 percent: 9 month*, a%per<ent
on good mixed Stocic Kx<baifre collateral; prime
Indorsed billH receivable. 3gi3i/2 per cent; cliolce
prime h:ticle names. 'iWSt^ percent! roou names.
*@6 per cent. Continental exchange dull
ana heavy. Fo»ted »skiug rates lor sterling
$4 86V2 lor long bills and $4 88 for demand. Act
ual rates long bit s $4 86%<«4 H6. sight draf.«
$4 87, cabie transfers *4 H7Vi- Domestic
• lcjiaage on Aew York «nd , San - I'ran
■cisco, sight 17^c prfcmtum, telegraph. 20c prena.
ium. .■ • . ':■■■■.
Wheat and Flour.
"WHEAT- 30:30 11:00 12:00 1:00 2-.10
liny ;. 77% '
JbU- . .74%" -7*s^ -.-74U|' " ' : — r
ffptember.'..*.. 71 '71 ' 7OVs -"£
ember — - . • 72J/& '■ 7'-*/t — .
pot, is quiet: • '.. a b. afloat So. 1 North
ern sprinz .New York,. 7fc%c; No. 1 Northern
spring Dulnth, 79c: No. i . hard winter, 7&c;
ISO. -i hard winter, 70 1 Ao. . ■ - '«■•■-• - r -r-. -
Future closing: July. 74V2C; September, VO%e;
December, 72»/ c. ' 'iTwlfWllMl ll*>l«ffiP'* ff *^ rf y~* > Tt
•ri.OLiT.-Wiuier, obis, supfronc, «2 gO@3 05;
No. I extra. *3 So@3 40; No. 1 extra, S3 60a
iJ 70:' clears. 93 40@3 60; straights, $4 1064 25
--patents. S4 65<<#4 83. •.-.:..» ■
GRAIN FREIGUTS-New york to Liverpool,
ty sloaai,l%d.
Produce.
PROVISIONS— Lard, prime, $3 80(S3 85.
FORK-Mess. $8 50@8 75. »»««>•»•
TALLOW- 3c
BUTTKK-creamerv. Western, 16% c.
EOGS— state, fresh gathered, loiac.
SUGAR — 89-degree, -%c : 9 6- decree, 314 -
raw dull, steady: refined quiet - . '
PKTROLETJM— New ■> one refined, fa IB; Phila
delphia «nd Baltimore refined, $« 10; reflnea in
bula. *3 CO.
HOeS~-Croo of "35. 335 c: '08, 0@10c: coast,
'95. 3@50; coast, '96, 6@ll. .
WooL-Domestlc fleece. 18@33c: pulled, 15<a
22c. . ■
HlDES— Buenos Ayres, dry, 18%@19c; Calves
ton, 14c.
LEATHER-Hemlock sole, Buenos Ayres, light
toheavv we gnts. l»@.0c; acid. 2 ©2\Lc
CO- FEE— I4IO. spot, dull, steady. • Aa 7. 7%c.
Future closing: February, $7os|Js7 40; March,
$7 35©7 40: June, $7 20@7 3U; August, $7 20
@7 30; September, $7 25(*7 30; December, $7 30
(3,7 35. . ■
Dried Fruits.
RAlSlNS— California. 50- 1b boxes, 28^0; crown, •
334fi£5i/»c; seeded, 7»/4@s^<jC: seedless muscatels,
BioffiSSiC.
cURKAXTS-45,4@5^4<! In barrels: 6@sVsc In
cases: leaned bul*, 6i~:@tJc: cartons. tf@7V4c.
APRlCOTS— California, Doxes, By»@l3c; bags,'
7i^i@loc
I'tACHES-California, unpeeled, bass. 6©Be;
boxes, 7(d.;' c: peeled. 10@12c
PKUUKS-Calliornia, 25tt> DOxes. 3@7c: 60-rb
bC DA B i -Persian. 60- boxes. 2^@3%«; fard,
boxes. l*A#Sci cases. b^(<^6c
Fi us— xaucy ordinary, 12@18o; fancy washed,
* O (§T 4 RbN-l I©l2 Vsc for fancy boxes.
\VALXUT3-Calitornia standard, 6y a c; soft
el ON Shelled, 15i<;®U9c.
Met»ls.
PIG IRON— Southern, 9 25®10 25; Northern,
? 'ri® ! TIN-Stralts, $13 55@13 65, '
LKAD-S8 12 V .
COPPKR— Casungs, 10»8C
Stocks and Bonds.
Opening. Closiruj.
American Sugar *"6 25 flltt 12%
American Sugar Pfd — — 101 5U
American Tooacco ,?Sit l 75
American Spirit C 0.... I}J"J4 S^Jii
A'.chison lOS7V» 108'Vz
iiay State Gas ■ . ° g}J
Canadian Pacific . 57 5 0
Central Pacific. — — 377?!,
Chicago 83 10 »3 3. v.
t. ii. <ta ' a - 5 S'™
Con. Gas... — ■ 16076
Cordage " ,■
CorQa^e Pfd ...•-.........■-•. ■ ~~~~
Denver Rio Grande Pfa. 29 00 89 00
Delaware it Lackawana.... ■
1,-fle ■ 12 50
Fort Wayne::..::. — — 162 00
General Klectric 30 75 30 75
Hocking Valley ' ~-^~~
Jersey Central 74 50 74 12%
Kansas Texas, Pfd 29 25 29 00
Lake Shore.-. , — — - 18600
Louisville & >ashvlile .... 45 50 46 25
MannatlanCon... 00 60 85 25
Missouri Pact tic - 14 75 1500
.National Lead 26 00 27 li'%
New Haven — — ~ ■
New York <fc New England. ■;
New York Central 100 25 100 25
North Pacific 13 12%
North Paclnc, Pfd. 38 12V4 38 37%
Northwestern ~ luv 12% 107 25
North American
Oregon Navigation 1400
Oregon Navigation, Pid — — 47 50
Pacific Mail. 27 a a 27 00
Pullman latOO ]ss*oo
Quicksilver (Con Excnage). . 10000
Rock Island 65 87%' fc6 37%
Beading. 19 25 19 12%
Southern Pacific — 13 50
St. Paul 75 37% 75 75-
Texas Pacific 9 00
Tennessee Coal A iron 18 75. 19 12%
Union Pacific 7 00 7.00
U. S. Le»tber
U. 6. Leather, Pfd
Western Union....' 79 62% 80 00
Wabash. Ptd • ■
Ear silver $ . 601%
Sterling en London, 60 days 4 86%
Sterling on London, sight 4 84
U. S. 2's, registered 96 00
U. S. 4*s, new 123 60
U.S. 4's, new, coupon 123 50
U. S. 4 s 11l 60
it. & 4's,coup 112 76
U. Sl s's _ 113 75
V. S. s's, coupoa 113 75
CHICAOO MAKKET3.
CHICAGO, 11.r., May 29.— Provisions were nn
interest'.n?. Prices were slightly higher In eirljr
trading, reacted and decline! on heavy realising,
I but subsequently rallied on liberal baying by for
eign packers. Many believe the low prices of hogs
will have a depressing effect oa receipts la the
near future.
WHEAT- 9:30 10:00 30:80 11:00 11:30
M.v.- 6334 : " *
July 63% 6hS4 ess^ 68% 688/,
fctpiember 65 6434 643^ tS4% 646,-8
December — — _ —
12:0'J 12:30 1:00 1:15
May 69Vs
! July Uss/a . — '
j t-epiember 645, -
December ties-s — — __
CORN— itay ana June, 28^;; July, 23>Ac.
BARLEY!:2 5a32c. nß> 17%CS July, 17^@ 17^ a
BAKLEY_2o®32c.
BYE—
>LAX-76V4c.
11J1O1HY-I2 70.
Produce.
roRK-May, Si 92: July. *7 95@7 97%.
LARD-May. 1365; July, $3 82.
RIBB-Mar.«4S»: July, $4 35.
BL'TTEK— Steady but no. acii.e.
Creameries— Kxtras. 15c: firsts, 15%@14%c;
seconds. 110 18 c. Dairies— Extras, 12c'; lTrsts, 10
@llc: seconds, 7&Bc Ladles -Extras, 10c;
rirxis. 7@*ic: packing stock, 7c.
EUGa— Dull and wean. Receipts lair. Strictly
fresh, loss off cases returned, &%c
Livestock.
BOGS - Light. S3 45@3 60: mixed. 83 45® I
3 57%; heavy, $3 25®3 oM rough, $3 25@3-33%.
Packers bongnt 17,7u0, shippers 2500. Receipts {
000. Estimated receipts for Monday, 43,001);
total for wee* 170.000.
CATTLE-Beeves, $3SO@SOO: cows and heif
ers. $2 00@4 40; Texas steers, (3 1004 30: stock
erg and feeders. $3 60@4 60. Receipts 200. . Eatl<
mated receipts for Monday 18.000. - -
SSKKEP— Market firm. Receipts 3000.
Receipts at Omaha.
SOUTH OMAHA, NKBa.. May 29— CATTLE—
Receipts, 1500 head: market J>c lower.
HOGS— Receipts, 2;00 head: market a shade
higher.
&HKEP- Receipts, 3800 head: market strong.
Receipts at Kanan* City..
KANSAS CITY, Mo.. May 29. -CATTLE—Re
ceipts. 200 head; market steady ; only retail trade.
HOG: — Receipts, 9UCO head; market strong to
5c hither.
SHEEP-No market.
NEW YORK -BANK STATEMENT.
SHEW YORK. S. V., May 29.— The weekly
bank statement shows the following changes:
Reserve, Increase, $617,150; loans, Increase,
*2,557 . »00: specie, . increase, «688,700; legal
lenders, increase. $800,600: deposits, Increase,
$3,618,600; circulation, decrease, $70,5:00; banks
now hold (46,608.100 in excess of requirements.
lOiaiu.N MAKECIS.
London.
LONDON. Esro.. May 29.-Consol«. 113 7-16;
silver, 27 % d; French rentes, IOBf 45c. •'
t Liverpool.
WHEAT-Quiet; cargoes off coast, quiet and
steady: cargoes on passage, quiet and steady;
wh»»t In Paris, dull; flour in Paris, easy.
COTTON-Uplands, 4Vsd.
futurrs.
■ ■ Ihe Prodcce Exchange cable jives the followlnt
Liverpool quotations for No. 2 Red Winter: June,
6s 8y 2 d; July, 5s 7%1; September, 6sßi.
EXCHANGE AND BuLI,IOX. -
Sterling Exchange, 60 days _ r4 87J4
Sterling Exchange, 5ight........ ' _ 4 gBVi. 1
Sterling Cables " _ <&>&,
New York Exchange, 5ight........ — 17% !
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 20
ilno sliver, per ounce. _ 60Vk '.
Mezicau Dollars .49 49V«
YESTERDAY'S WHEAT MARKET.
The following resume of the wheat market It
furnished by E. A. Bresse, Produce , Exchange
' grainbroker, 412 Pine street.
Ban Fbancjsco, May 29, 1887.
Chicago.
Th« past werk hr a been one of disappointment
to wheat-holders. The chief factor in depress'ng
price* bis teen the very favorable wea'htr to
growing ( roj,3. May and June are generally lore
ing months. -
A no. her factor tvLlch bra contributed largely to
the weakness has b<e;> the poor demand for spot
stuff. The foreign deiiuDd, as . well at that of In
terior millers, lias i>-hd extremely smalt.: All the
wbile wheat ban been going : afloat at a n pi I rate.
Thlf.'.howev.r d d not represent new business,
tuer^.'ore It 'was of no Importance to (be trod
confined . within to 3 Bond ;of .; Trade iDclosure,
which appears to be the only element in tvhtai-irad-
Ug a", present. ■■■ ._ •
l,iqina;it:on lias been a prominent feature dur
ing ;■ the wiei. Many stoo- oas . limits were
leeched. Wheat conilUß cut id this way was taken
care of by shorts. ■; >p»sms of strengtb would come
into the m'<rUe: and dl apr ear almost at quickly
;s :l:ev ci m»
There ua» been no suppor: of volume enough to
do more than check; a decline temporarily. , The
market las drorp d purely of it* own weight-: ;,
Early in the week Thoms^'s'lroated i he grow
ing wb'ea 1 crop at 530.1>0U,003 oush Is. the lar^eit
esilmate ye: «nad<*.:.,Wnt « Pits* linui's are no
doubt more tbanllbsral, yet, they are const tered
of «uSicfent importance to cause traders to pause
before buying • ' ; - " ' '*.*■■"■ '
l're;eat iadlcatlous poiat to a fair crop In Amu- j
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 30, 1897.
lea and Canada. These two countries are the only
ones enjoying such » flattering condition of af
fairs, tnglaud and France are suffering from too
much rain. ... Argentine, India ana Australia are
out of the exporting busines* this year. Other
wheat-growing countries are below their regular
average. These conditions are just now lost sight
or and I may not show their influence for some
weeks to come.
'I he condition of affairs for the coming cop tp
pears thus: '
Bushels
Yield ...... 600,000,000
Carry over from 1896.. 20.00<.',000
T0ta1........................ 52U.000.1i0J
Wanted for home consumption, 375,000,000
bushels: seed, etc., 50,000,000 bushels. ~
Amount ay.ii abie for export 95,000,000 bush
els, leaving nothing to go Into the crop of 1898
Franc wnl need 60,090,000 bushels and Aus
tralia 6,000,000 bushels. India is aa unknown
quantity.
- It is more than probable that France will call
upon America to supply a portion of tier shortage.
statistically wheat prices have a bright future
This, however, does not stop toe declining tend
ency with wLiica the marKet s-ems imiiregna ed
«t present. As soon as a more de finite estimate
on the crop can be arrived at, a broader market will
naturally result. . ■■■•■•'.'.•
- Ihe trade of the p-ist two weeks has teen of a
professional character. A good many large short
lines in May were settled up to-day, This should
lift a weight from the market.
To-aay's wheat market ensd 14c under yester
■ day's (.losing pric-t". July openeu at 6Styi'. ad
vanced to 68y B e. gradually declining to BB>4c,
closing at 68V4(ii688/sc. September ranged i>VsC
under July. , , .
The marKet was devo d . of special interest.
Many had bought ves.erday, anticipating a rally
to-day. 1 iip rally seemed to wdrK .-in favor." of
shorts. ling by longs after 11 o'clock save the
market a heavy feeling which it was not abie to
throw oft before the c "se of : the session. Closing
was practically at the bottom pries of the da. V:.Ov
injures on Monday's visible supply range from"
one and a half mil'iqns to two mil. ions decrease. :
_ WHEAT MOVEMENT, • • ; '
Receipts. • Shipments.'
Bustie!'<. . Cliles. Bushels.
137.638 .....Dulutb 1....'. 369 490
_20,8u0. :.:. Milwaukee..... 3,000
17 ;.O4O Minneapolis. 26,6-tD
11,-00.. ....Chicago.. 4i,883
, '.063 Toledu .• 1.300
idiOOO m. L0ui5....;.. 3.0C0
".000 Kansas City. '3,000
• TIDEWATKB.
33,450 ...805t0n....... 115,464
2 *l -^oO New York. 80,594
3 i ' 85 .'...Baltimore one
• - Liverpool. : ' •
.... " . ' July. Sept. Dec.
heat-closing 68% 6 7Vi 68
FRENCH MAEKKIS.
, May. June.
f'onr- Closing .. 46 50 46 80
wheat— c105ing......... 23 80.: 7 23 60
I Corn ruled weaker. The opening was steady,
helling by local traders caused a soft undertone.
September declined 3/ 8 c from the opening. There
was v»ry little done in spot. Transactions of a
Saturday character.
Corn has been, weak throughout the week In
sympathy with wheat -• '1 her« has been no special
effort to depress prices, but surrounding influence!
have been such that buyers preferred 10 await de
velopments. • • • .
iteceipts have been liberal. It is thought they
will soou drop off, as cribbers will not market their
] products at present prices, prefeiring to know
more of the coming crop ■ „•-" . , . . - ■
oats have been neglected. » There seems no dis
position to advance or : depress prices. i Crop con
ditions are very contradictory." :^ •: ;
Provisions have been very dull during the week.
Trading purely professional. ; Receipts of bogs
liberal. . . ■-.. _t ; : t .;j "*•''; v'\ : . 7
San Francisco. ' :
9:15 a. it. session-. ~ ' ! *•':,'? r
Depressed Eastern and foreign markets turned
th« local crowa into selling wheat this morning.
December opened a. $1 22% against *1 23 yester
day. The ieeiing seems weaker than usual. Buy
ers are not sanguine. '
: 10:15 a. M- session.' ■"••'■'. • ; ' ■■'.- .
Wheat trading dull and lower. Chicago declin
ing gradually, making local operators bearish,
while buyers are acting wiih caution. , - ■»■
■December quou.bly $1 2'iy±. '
Barley neglected. ' •• ■
11:15 a. m. session".
The week closes with wheat very weak. Every
attempt made to advance the prl during the
week has been met wiih losses. While th- under
tone has been les* weak than th. t of other mar
kets, yet traders have been suspicious of the long
side. .
The selling to-day was' mostly new shorts. The
market now 100 is oversold. December wheat
closed at $1 21% sellers. . . .
AFTERNOON CURB. .
Offerings sf wheat liberal. Many selling orders.
December sold at $1 21%.
PEODTJOE MASKET.
WHEAT AND OTUJSU GRAINS.
WHEAT— Business is flat. The millers are bay-
Ing very little and the shippers nothing at all,
hence quotations art* wholly nominal at 81 27i j.ai
1 30 for .so. 1 shipping and SI 35(&1 40 as the ask
ing price for extra choice milling.
CALL BOARD 6AX.E9.
• Isfoi'.mai. bxssiojf— 9:ls o'clock— December—
Si. OLOctls, $1 22^ 8 ; 2000, *1 321/ i. '^ ,- ■■-■-. «**
!-ecoxu session — December- ctls, SI 22i/i.
Xlkgular JioitMvn Session — December —
8000 ctiS. *1 22: 12,000. SI 21 40.000, »1 21 84.
BAKLKY— Feed la unchaneeu at 70@75c %» cv,
outside figure for choice bright; Brewing, hO(£Ssc.
CiU BOARD BALES. | '
- jkvobhal Session— 9:ls o'clock:— No sales. '
Pjccosd bKssiox— No sales.
Regular iloH.vi.Vß Kkssiok— No sales.
OATS- -Lower prices are quoted with a stagnant
marceu Fancy Feed, $1 2;>i£l 30 $ ctl: good to
choice, »1 1091 20; common, 95c@l 07y 3 %4 ctl.
Clipped Oat* sell at $1(3-' %> ion over me raw
product.
CORN— The demand continues poor. Large Tel-'
low, $1(21 O2ii V ctl; bmaU Bound do, SI 07Vai3
110; White. 92Vi(a9"yaC «* ctL
8YE— 77%®82%c 9 .it.
BUOKWiitAi-li nominal at about si 25®
i 40 ft Cti. -•■ •-- >-•
FLOUR AND MIL.LSTUFFS.
FLOUR— Net fash prices are: Family extras,
*4 7504 85: Baker** extras. $4 50(£i65: Super
fine. S4@4 35 # obi.
CORNMKAL. ETC - Feed Corn. 62Z®23:
Cracked Corn, (23 50 $ ton.
MILLaTUFFS— Prices In sacks are as follows,
usual discount to tee trade; - liraham Flour, $2 85
» 100 lbs: Rye Flour. 8 60 %l 100; Rice Flour,
45 75; Corsmeal, E2<22 25: extra cream do. *2 76, I
oatmeal, S3 60; Oat Groats, J4: Hominy, S3 10$
3 Hi); wheat Flour, »3 25@» 60; Cracked
Wheat, S3 60; Farina, S4: Whole Wheat Flour,
S3; Boiled oats (bbls). * i 75©5 1&: Pearl Barley.
S3 Iti'ai; bpllt Peas, S3 50: Oi«endO, $4 vso %i 10U
lbs. ■ . .
HAY AND KKEiJSTUFFS.
Arrivals of new Hay continue light.
BKAN— BI6@I6 50 for the De« and $14314 50
> ton for outride brands.
MIDDLINGS— SIB@I9 for lower grades and
$19 M)@2o 50 "f< ion for the best.
tKKDSTUFFS — BoUed Barley, 816 50@17:
Oilcake Meal at the mill, 826 60 ¥ ton; joobiug,
27 50.
HAY— Wheat Is quotable at ?5&10 60 $ ton-,
new Wheat, 87@7 60 ion: Wheat and Oat, S7@
10; Oat, Di6teß 50: new Wild Oat, S6Sfl6 SU; Bar
ley, 96 50®8: Alfalfa, S6©7 60: compressed, *,'
@10: stock, $s(£ti: Clover, $ti(g,B ft ton,
BAW— 2&a5Oo * bale.
BEANS AND SEED 3.
No farther changes to report.
BEANS— Bayos quoted at 91 65@1 75; Small
Whites, Sl(»i 17Vi » ctl: xjirce WRltes, Sl©l 10
"f ell; Pinks. Sl(a,l 15; Beds, $1 20@l SO: Blaclc
eye, SI 60#l 80; «ed Kidney, nominal: Li
i mas. *1 4001 60; Butters, $1250175. Pea, Si
@1 26. ■ ..,.■ ■- ■■ \- ■:■ : ■■-■
KEEDS— Brown Mustard, 92 6002 75; Yellow
Mustard. 81 75 9 ctl; Flax, SI 6091 60; Canary
beed, 18/402140 * &>: Alfalfa, 6V4C; Kape, 2i/ 3 i^
'.8 A c; Hemp, ac; limotby, /2 c.
DRIED AS— lies, nominal; Green, SI 30®
180* «L ■ ■ •■■■•■•-■/.
POTATOES, ONIONS, VEGETABLES.
Potatoes role weak. Onions are firmer. Vege
tables show no particular change.
POTATOES— New Potatoes. 75e@81 25 9 ctl:
New Early Rose in ooxes, SI 256&1 50 : River Keds,
1 50@60c; Burbant Seedlings, &U^tisc '& ctl for
Rivers and si@bßc for Petalnmus; Oregon Bur
banks. 60®75c. •.■-■- / -
ONIONS— New Beds, 40®50c "$ sack. ' -
VEOKTABLES-Receims were 731 boxes As
i paragus, 159 boxes Rhubarb. 69 sacks Peas, 64
I boxes Cucumbers and 39 sacks Beans. ' • • ■■■
hummer ttquasn In sma'l boxes, 75c@$l «t box:
! Bay Squash, 82 50 V* box; Cucumbers, 60c®?i
ft box for Marvsville; Asparagus. 60c@$l for
' common. $1 2501 50 for choice and SI Ta(g«2 for
fancy: Rhubarb, 50@c6cior ordinary and 750
far choice laree; Marrowfat Squasb. fib v< ton ;
Dried Peppers, 6@Bc* to; Green Peppers, 20c * Ib..
'.reen Peas," 50c(o)«l %* suet; frtniiK Beans. 3®bc
9 lb: Horse Beans, 39@50c V back; Dried Ofcra,
B@9c*»tt>; Cabbage, 76@85c^ctl; Carrots. '.'549
dUa H sack: Garlic, IVj&2c $ tb; Mexican Tom
aioes. $2 SO 9 box.
UL'TTKK, tHEKSi! AND IGGS.
Butter is pointing upward, ;as the dairymen are
reporting a deficiency in trass, and 11 her prices j
! are. looked for this wee<. Cheese Is lirrc. Egjjs 1
are weak and the top price is now hard to obtain. i
.BUTTEK--.' ;--•-;:■; - . • -:
Cbkamkry— Fancy creameries, 16c; seconds, 14
; 91 >c ¥ % . . :
Dairy— Choice to fancy, 13@140 ft Si; lower
; gitdes, ll@l2c- . . .
i Picklkd— 15c *Ib for new. . : .'■.
, Fibkik— 14«t15c V tb for new.
' Cbeamkbt Tub— New, 16c ~& lb. .
ICastek> r-31©12i/ s c for tAdlr-racked.
- CHEKSE— Choice mild new, 8c 9 Ib: common
1 to good, e(g,7Vi2C 9 tb: Cream Cheddar, 10@llc;
I Youni: America, B@9c; Western, lie; Easieru,
13@15c % n>. . ■ v
' i i.:. S-Kanch Eggs, 12^Q14c; store Egxs.ll
ai-.'Va" %* Uoz: Easttrn, ll(*l2Va'-: Duck Eggs
IL'V-jc ?. dor. ;■■■-. ■ « '.■; ■■;. ■■.-;.
POULTKV ANL» CAMS, ;
POULTRY -Two cars of Eastern will be put on
Tuesday. ' 1.--- ' .v- ■ - ..-. ■ ' ■ .'■.:. •■■ ■
'■■ Live Turkeys, 13@14c for Gobblers. 32ai3cfor
Bens: Geese ft pr. 7Sc@sl 25; Ducks. 83 is@3 50
for eld and Si 50@5 for young; Hens. $3 oO®i;
Boosters, young. $6 SU(SB; do, old. *4@4 26; Fry
ers, S£(ets 60 $ dozen: Broilers, $434 &0 for large
and 92@i3 50 for small; Pigeons, 91 25@1 60 '?.
doz tor young and for ol&y^wiljmiSJKaw'gtfijArf
OAili.-iiw:e, nominal; Babbits, aomlaau
DECIDUOUS AND CITKUS rRUITB.
Receipts were 673 chests Strawberries and 6000
boxes Cherries and 4 V 5 boxes Apricots. r^ , { :
Strawberries are higher and Currants lower.
. 1 harries are lower. Other tree fruits are un
changed.
Choice Oranges rule firaa.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Strawberries, $4@5 <$ chest for large and $5
@7 for amalU'j|iljMliiiii | '*w^BHgBHPS^WMOBBBMi
, Blackberries from Covlna, * crate.
■ Gooseberries, ]®l%c %* to tor small and 2@2%c
for large and 4@sc for English. ".- .
Raßpberries. aS(SSOc from Newcastle,
75c<a$l * crate. . : .:■ .
Currants. $3®4 50 1?. chest.
< heiry Plums. 4W@.»oc 14 drawer.
- Tringle AprK ots, 40c@$l %i box.
'Green Pears, 50: 9 box.
Apples. «I@l 50 9 box; Green Apples. 4C@soc.
Cherries,' 25®<0c 9 box for white and red and
20@40c for . black; loose White, i@4c $ ft; loose
Black, 2@4C. ••".'• •■'-'.. ----- .. -.-..: -..-, ..-•■:-.,•
CITRUS. FRUITS— NaveI Oranges are auo table
at $3@5 9 box for choice to fancy and sf2®a 60
V box for common; Seedlings, $1 25@1 76 "$ box;
Mediterranean Sweets, $1 2a@2 60 f4 bx; Lemons,
75c@$l 25 lor - common and .$1 50(^2 25 for
pood to choice; Mexican Limes, $5 50©0 %t box;
bananas, *I@2 %* bunch: Pineapples, $2@4%1d0z.
DRIED fIiUHS, HAISINS, NUTS, ETC. '
Trade continues very dnlt.
DRIED FRUlTS— Quotations are as follows:
Peaches, 4%@6c 3 lb; fancy, 6%c $ Ib; peeled,
fffillC; Apricots, 6@Bc; Moorparks, 10@12c;
evaporated Apples, ■ 6@5%c; sun-dried, 2@3c;
Prunes. l 2M»@3c for the 4 . sizes: white * - igs, 3c;
Plums, 4@4%c for pitted and l@l%c for unpit
ted; Nectarines. a%©sy a tor pifme to fancy:
Pears, 2%@4c for wiiolb, 2V*>!i|Ss« lor quarters ana
. S@fic for ■halves. "■ : : . <
RAISINS — ■-„.- • ■ ' :. > y :':".
' Four-crowu, loose. 5%c: S-croWn. 4V4.c; 2-crown,
S8/ 8 c J^ lb; seed ess &ultanns,'6@s%c-,: seedless
Muscatels. 4y a c; 3-crown London layers, Sl@l '^5;
clusters, $1 50; Dehvsa clusters, $•£ 50; Imperial
clusters, $2 60: dried grape* out,. -t: . • " ■ ■ :.'
N UTS-Chestnuts quotable at 8@10c: ; Walnuts,
6%@7c si ft for standard and o@9%c ¥1 ft for
EoHsiiell; Almonds, "6®6V30 for Languedoe, 3@
S%c for hardshell and 6@9c * Ib for papershelt;
Peanuts, 4@6c tb tor Eastern and' %a for Cali
fornia: Hickory -Nuts, ; @6c K4 ft; Pecans, 7%@
«c V ~ lb: Filberts, Is@Bc;1 s @Bc; Brazil Nuts, 7y 2
CocoanuU. 55@5 50 %4 100. - - . ..•.-
HONEY- Comb, lU@l2V 3 for bright and s©9c
tor lower grades; water-white extracted, 6@5%c;
light amber extracted. 4V<>(s4%c; dark amber,
4(a4%c; dark, 2@Bc^ ft. . r,:\:A
:isE£a\VAX-22@25c9 ft. .
TKOVISIUNS.
..Dealers quote Hams firm and everything els?
weak.'
; CURED MEATS— Bacon. 7%c ?» ft for heavy, 80
« lb for light medium. 9c for llsjht. 10c * 1b
' for extra light and 12c %i B> for sugar cured. I East
ern sugar-cured Hams. 12% c $ Ib: California
Hams, 10yo@Jlc: Mess Beef, $.»@8 50* bbl: extra
mess do. $s fiO(a<9: family do, $9 50@10; extra
prime Poric,' $10@10 50: extra clear. $13 6U@l4
¥. bol: mess, $12 60@13 ¥ bbl; Smoked » Beef,
- 9V«c * ft. ..•- - .. .. ..;-'.-•■ ■>. ■- -, ■• .
LARD— Eastern tierces are quoted •at 5V4c for
compound and 6c for pure; pails, 6%c; ; Cal
ifornia tierces, 4i/4@4VzC lor compound and 5V ? c
for pure: half-bbls, a%c; 10-lb tins, 6V4C: do 6-5).
6%c* Ib. ■ -. ■ > •■•■-■
COTToLENE— Tierces, 6c. Packages. less than
300 lbs— l-tt. pails. 60 in a case, B%c: 3-Ib pails. 30
in a case, $%£c; 5-S> pails. 12 In a case, bVic; 10- ft
pails, 6in a case, bVsc: 60- tins, lor'i in case,
VS/gc: wooden buckets, 60 lbs net, 7y c: fancy
tuba. 80 lbs net, 7%c: hall-barrels, abont 110 lbs,
7%c^n>. : -'■■--: ■ .'■.■.-,
HIDES, TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS.
, HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell lo
9 lb tinder sauna stock. Heavy salted, steers,
7V 2 @Bc 1* ft: medium, light, 6%@7c; Cow
hides, 6%@7c: Stags, 4c: salted Kip, 6c; salted Calf,'
7@Bc; salted Veal. e@7c; ory Hides, 12@12y a c;
culls and Brands. 9@loc; dry Kip and Veal, 9@lUc:
dry Calf. 1 Be; culls, 10c; Goatskins, 20@25c each;
Kids, 'sc; Deerskins, good summer. 25c %4 ft;
medium, 2Uc: winter, 10c; sheepskins, shear
lings,* 10@'20c each: short wool, 30@40c each;
medium. MigiOo each: long wools 6U(a76c eaco:
TALLOW— No. I, rendered, 2S/i@3c »i Ib; No. 2,
2%c; refined. 4%c: Grease. 2c %l fi>. . . - •• ,
Vow r-prlne clip m quoted: Mountain. 11®
ISc: foothill, 9@ lie: Kan Joaquln, year's clip,
7@Bc; do, seven months, T.-t.ac '& Ib; Navadas,
b£pllc; Kastern Oregon, 7(910a
HOPS— tt@bc tor fair to choice and 9@loo 9 Ib
: for fancy. . Contracts are being drawn at B@loc
' for new Oregoos and 7@9c for new Washington*.
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags, 4y B @3c: Ban uuen>
tin, $5 40: Wool Bags, 24@27c ■
COAL- Wellington, $8: New Wellington, 88:
£oatb field Wellington, $7 50: Seattle, $5 60:
Bryant, $5 60; Coos «ay, $4 75: Wallsend, $7
ft ton; Cumberland. $13 50 9 ton in bulk and $15
Ip sacks: Pennsylvania, Anthracite Egg, $11<$12 It
ton: Welsh Anthracite, $8010: Caunei. $8 ¥ ton:
Hock Springs, Castle Gate and .Pleasant Valley,
$7 (50: Coke, Sll£l2 in balk and $13 9 ton lnsks.
CANNED SALMON -The Alaska Packers' An
tociation quotes Red Salmon as follows: In lots
of 25,000 cases. 95c dozen; 50,000 cases, 92U.C
%4 dozen; 75,000 cases, 900 9 dozen, net cash t. o.
b. ex-shlp.. - " •
. ".COFKJiE— C, E. B.'ckford's circular says: >4 A
moderate business has been transacted since the
date of our last circular and the market shows no
men bl c change as to prices n or as to statistical
position other than to nine a diminution of re
ceipts as compared with the same date 01 last year,
which, -if not recovered, may later on prove a
factor of Iccttl Importance. The growing scarcity
of fine qualities of washed Coffee Is daily becom
ing' more and more apparent, anil these alone
show any degree of strength. Elsewhere the out
look presents no new features, dullness appearing
to b» prevalent everywhere, )'.r«zi estimates for
1»97-98 range fro ■• 6,250.000 to 7.500,000 has-,
and until these figures are more definitely settled
no. movement either way may be »-xpecieri. ■ To
day's stock consists of 9435 Costa Rica. 669 Nica
ragua, 7738 Salvador, 13.459 Guatemala and 1662
Mexican— in all 32.883. as against -6 4,77 same
time last year. Steamer City of Panama is due
here atom June 2 with 4. 50 bass.'' We Quote:
Costa 17@18%c 9 Ib for good to prime
washed: 16@16%c for good; 14@14%C for good
mixed with black beans: 14@14%c for fair; B%@
13c nominal for common to ordinary.
Salvador — l*i@l7 l . / sC for g»od to prime washed;
licence i* Q> tor Bur washed; i6%@lßc for
good to prime washed peaberry; 12%@13c for
superior ■ unwashed; Iz@i2l.4c for good un
washed: }b%@l6c for good to prime unwashed
peaberry.
Guatemala AND MEXICAN— I7%@I 9c ID for
prime to strictly prime washed: 16@17V a c for
good to strictly good washed; 15©15% c for fair
washed. 13@14»/*c for medium; 10@12%c for
ordinary; B@9»/4C for inferior to common; 18®
lac for good to prime washed ieaberry; 15V»@
16c tor good to Drime unwashed peaberry. .
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Ketliilng Company
quotes, terms net cash: Cube and Crushed and Fine
Crushed, ■ 6c: Powdered, SVaO; Dry Granulated.
4%c %■ Ib; Confectioners' A, 4%c: Magnolia A.
4%c: Extra C, 43 c: Golden c, 4Vic: Candy Gran
ulated, 6c; hall barrels 14c more than barrels, and
boxes %c more. .
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
Hogs show no further change.
Wholesale rates fJr dresiel stock from alanga- -
terersare as follows:
BEEF— First quality. s%®Sc: second do, 6c;
third do, 4@4%c \>, IT-,. ,
. VEAL— Large, s®6c; umall, 6®7c m. »
MUTTON — Wethers, 5®5%c; Kwes, 4@50 * In,
LAMB— Spriuir. 6@7c %» Ib.
PORK— Live Ho^s, 3 V^@33/ a o for large aad 3%
@'6r>/$c for small and medium; soft Hogs, 21,4^
2%c; dressed do, 4%@5%c
JiiCJilPra OK JfUOUUCU.
;■,-;;. i T - .'- .yen »4 hoijtm.
Klonr.or'ski.... 22,692 Middlings. %*%.. 100
Oregon 1,770 Butter; ctis..._ 350
Wheat, ctls .V.... 1,980 Cheese, cm.- ■ .61
Barley. ct13..._- 7,075 K«s, flog • 13,380
Corn.ctls~ 260 Hlaei. n0..,. ... 04»
Oats, or, ctls.... 2«o Pelt*, bdls „ 267
leans, sics. ... J. 11,000 Wine. gau...^. 39,900
Poiatoet, sits..«. 1,422 Wool. 013......^ 87
0reg0n.;........ 117 Leather, rolls. , M 62
0ni0na.5u...... 603 Lime, bbls — 280
Jmy,.ions 820 Quicksilver, flsfcs 145
Straw, tons. 6 Mustard Seed, iC ' 488
ran. IKS 1,197 Lumber. M. -jj.. 30
. Oregon,' sks.... -'I;- 288 Tallow, ct15...... 183
■■•■.: .■ ■ » .
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Patrick and Mary K. McHugh (formerly Mary
K. Lavelle) to Mary Uallaguer. lot on S line of
Austin avenue, 70 W of Franklin street., W 25 by
60: $10. _-■■■■■
Same, John and Mary Gallagher to Charles H.
and Ida M. (Hbom, lot on N line of Bush street,
70 W o; Franklin, W26by N bO; $10.
Donald V. Campbell to California Title Insur
ance and Trust Company, lot on W line of Bnchan
an street, '25 B of Green, « 67:6 by \V ICO; $10.
-■> San Francisco j-avi»g» Union to Herbert L.. Law,
lot on b\V ' corner of ■■ Lombard and De visadero
street, S 137:8 by W 137:6; $10. .
Henry Mohan to J- rail ■• Wo^nne and I. L. Hoff
mann, undivided hilf of lot beginning 81:3 N of
Point lobos avenue and 99:3 E of Collins street,
51, » 15, W 30:3, > 393:8%, W 21,- 8 408:6;
$10. - ; •' ■ ■' ■■. -.- ' " : ' ■"■ '-' ■:-">'-.■ ' '. :-■ v ■
Susan Whelan to Louisa Gordon, lot on-SW
corner of oak and Ashbury . streets, \V 31:3 by 8
100; $10. : . ' '*-■■■ :/
■John and Lena Etlerlen to Murdoch D. Mathe
son.lotou r« line of Frederick street, 181:3 W of
bhrnder.W vB by X 137:6: $10.
Murdoch D. ilatheson to Fanny L. Matbeson,
samu: :'it .
Charles J. and Mary A. /Gallagher. Margaret
Evans (Gallagher) ani Catherine Henham (Ualla
erff-r) to Susie Woods, undivided 4-10 of lot on a
line of York street, 2UO S of Tweniy-s coa.l, S 23
by X 100. 81. '•: -i. -. A •-■: •:■■"- -.•■;*•-'■ •■ ■-<
A n top site n bach to Mare«rt;t Melnbach, lot on
E line of 'Alabama street. 14 J Hof Twnry-tifth,
sBO by b. 100; gin. -' .-'"■ -■•-'■" .•:.-..■ ...-,■ . .
■■" EdwiTi K. and Alice B. Bolton to Isidore Lievre,
lot on \V line or i Montgomery street, 48 N of Jack
son. Is' 47 by W 86:6; also property , in , bantu
'Clara; $6171.- :?: ; --~ •■--;>••- ■ . -■
Louisa i.nd Bertha Eourquard to Henry A. VII.
leneuve,*-;lot on ' W - line o< ?, Vernon street (now
Marcy place), 93:6 8 of Jaclcson.-S 22, W 6«:6, «
2* W 4 -:10. N 40, E 22:11. xN 20, E 22:11, tf 16,
E t6:6; 510. «.:. ; v : -.
George K. nnd Lucy H. FrloU to George W. and
Minerva K. I'rinK. lot. on X line of .North Point,'
60 Wof Jones, : 71:6, X 137:6, X 137:8, 837:6,
W 66. S 100; 810. .
yx: Frank M., Georao •D. and Fro d A. Greenwood
(executors* of estate . of Monroe :■ Greenwood) to
William -H."» and Kate * Ayers. . -lot on N line of
Clement street; 57:5 X Of Thl;d avenue, E 25 by.
> 100 $1447- '<;--'; "•"•-' ■ ; 'r : " T -'A S~>'
: \\. B. Benchleyi and' W. H. Kountz to Jacob
Bey man, lot on biltne- of , J Btrtet, 82:6 W of
Thirteenth avunua. W '. 81 by is 100: $10.*. •
Terea O'l-'arrell a;d F. William tlaubrieh to
Ferdinand h;. Heaihnl, lot on ; E < line of Mi.slon
street with N\V line of Valencia street, If
16K:73/ 8 . s 85:634, SW 142:9%: $10.
Hermann -ebraripr, |August and Mathilda
Xl ii> 10 .Alex t\ W. QuamJt, lot on £ line or'
Chenery street, r< s Sof » furtlech, S 59 by X 79f
po ".ion of lots 28 aud 29, block 29, Fairmount;
flO.
i p'r«f K. Frln<t tn r ncy W. Fr!nk. 'ot on N tne
"' Twelfth avenue South. 50 E of P street, E 25 by
N 10'J bocK^'27. '.\ niilaU 1 i- : ift.
..iiiou ail l cuise Hericghl to Amb ose Fur
re r. iih on SE cor Ji-i <'f Geneva auu i'aia streets,
N 160, h 58:6, -> t . i-Oin , W 117, lots 3 anC i,
block i, San Miguel m . *io.
Builders' Contracts.
Mrs. Su'i» Woods "ith T F. Doyle, to erect a
two-srory building on E line of Br/ant s:T'et, 160
Nof Twenti sscj a. t*jug ar-iiitec;, contractor.
Eugene R. \v«a with J hn Konealiy, to erect va
twi - ory ruilding on Wilne of Jessie street. -9j
N of Fourteen h, *2 00: aratiitct contractor.
Jo i i V, -> (Mill wth i homas Butler. - o erect a
one-s or ■ building on S line of Howard street,
li>7:6 Wof Bea.'e. $4480: Cllntou Day, architect.
Sarah E. Denis with Val Franz, to erect a three
story hum: in* on 8 line of Sacramento street,
137:6 \V cf .Leavemvorch, $6u00; ar.bitect, con
tractor.
THE STOOS MARKET.
'Mining 3 o fes closed the week firm but dulL
There will be no session of the boards to-morrow.
' The i. on. d <fe Curry assessment falls delinquent
In board on Tuesday. ■';. ' ' : ?
Th.- Rock Island Mining Comnany of American
Fiat dUtnct, Nevada, has levied an assessment of
i!c per share, delinquent Jun- 25.-- ••'» >.""•>*' . . ■
ii.i- annual meeting of the Ha ter-street Rail
road Co.npauy nas b->-t. called for June 14. ... .
■ The Bank: of -Commerce of Han' Francisco has
levied an assessment of $10 per share on. it* capi
tal sro . k, delinquent July 1. This is the calling of
Knottier instal oient of me capital which, was sub
scribed by th-Btoctcno:der3 r * -' : v v' :
A tele ram from the Con. Cal. '& Va states that
the output' ■of " ore : from •. the , mine ; last ; week
amounted to 115 tons, of the 'averate surface car
■ample assay of : $7* 22. 'For the previous wi-eic
the output was 71 tons, of tbe average assay
value of »62 37. * " ~ - . : "
" 'l he following local incorporations disbursed
dividends during me past month:
Name. 5 . Per Share. : Amount.
Central Gaslight .$1 00 $20,000
Gas Consumers' Association.. 15 2,025
Oakland UasCo . ....:..... "25 7,500
Pacific Gas Imp. C 0..... , 60. 15,000
Pacific Lighting C 0... 35 7,000
S.F. Gas and Klec:rlc» ....... 50 63.750
San Jose Water 50 4,241
Spring Valley Water 50 ■ 64,000
California-street Cable 50 5.010
California Cot on Mills ...... 100 8.000
Alaska Packers' Association.. 76 36.000
Hutchinson Plantation..... .. 25 -'12,500
Natoma Vineyard C 0....:'.... 05 3.000
Paciflc Telephone ......40. 13.-00
Sunset Telephone '25 7.500
Pacific Auxiliary Fire Alarm. 05 1 1,250
Homestaice Mining Co 25 .31.250
Santa Kosa'.la Mining C 0..... 10 10,000
Morning Mar Mining Co 6 00 12.000
Ontario Mining Co 10 15.000
Pennsylvania Mining Co V 05 \ 2,675
GwinMlningCo .............. 06 6,000
' Total 8344,991
' A summary of the dividends compares as follows:
■ •: - 1896. 1897.
Gas companies 96,833 115,275
Water companies 65,741 68.241
street railways 5,000 6,000
Sugar companies. 12,500 1*2,500
Fish companies .»... 36,533 36.000
Telephone companies. 15,300 20.700
Mining companies • ,250 77,025
Miscellaneous companies... 7,251) 10,250
, T0ta1*.. .................. *-284,408 $344,991
Following Are the Highest Frleoa Dnr-
hit; the Past Week.
Btock. , ■>. Mon. Toe*. Weu. Thn. I i'ri. Sat.;
Alpha ... 06 -0t 06 06 Ot ......
Alta " "04 Vi 01! 02 02
Andes .......... • «0 ■20 Its 20 20 19
Belcher ... 24 - 2 21 20 M 81
Best & Belohee.. 01 61 64 6b 01 60
Bullion. ......... OS 03 03 03 Oh t3
Caledonia .. 11 ' 11 09 09 .19 09
Challenge. „ 81 26 -«6 24 ' 28 28
Chollar " v.. 1.20 1.10 1-U5 1.20 1.25 1.25
Con-CaLAVa.. 1.85 1.75 1.7 i 1-80 1.91 1.95
Confidence .... 1-10 l.Oi 1.00 1.00 1.00 1.00
Crown Point... *4 2b 22 21 . 21 23
Gerald & Curry. > 2.-. r22 .< .lB 19 JO 20
Hale <fc Norcrosi 8b Sb 7t 77 90 90
Mexican .. . ... 89 36 84 86 37 38
0ph1r...... 96 9i W •'/ »7 98
Overman 14 l;- 11> lit 14 13
Occidental....... 16 IS 14 14 14 12
.PotoiL 7u c 68 6b 69 71
Bavace.... »9 "b7 Si 86 36 SB
Beg. Belcher.... 10 It It 09 06 10
standard........ 1.50 1.50 1.50 1.5t 1.41 1.40
Sierra Nevada 45 4. 3* 41 ■ 4:- 42
Union.. ,. M 36 34 3* d 36 35
Ut&a 03 08 02 .:...: 02 ......
\»M)\i JSCIEW.. 34 1 M SO SO 32 32
l,UAi.l> SALES.
Followlntr were the sales in the San Francisco
Stock Board yesterday:
RHiiiAii MOSNINH BMSIO* rWwM^»»ii»i »>:SO.
100 Belcher... 2l 200 G& C 20 500 8e1. ...09
25» BAB bO JSU Mexican.. 37 <00 10
VfOU Chollar.l.2' 100 Ophlr 9h 20U a »T. «2
ISO 1.25 to i P0t051....701100 i Mwl;.... vi
10J Cl>olnu...2i 100 ......... ..691
Following were the tales in the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday:
: BEniri,Aß rwmnx- lor'a ; . • .
101 Alpha.---.06 50!) C Imp ....01 400 0ph1r. ..... 97
100 07 .101) 03 JOO 96
400 AH*.. ...-03 600 C NY. ..02 300 Ovrmn.... 13
200 Ande5.... .201.100 crwnPt..-2 501) Poioal 69
200 8«icn»r...21 200 Exchqr...oy .00 ..........»70
600 848......6U .6JI» U&U....20 800 ......V.;..71
60U . ....61 1200 ........ ..21 iOJ BaTa«»._ .35
60U Bnlllon....()8 100 H<SN 881 .00 ....34
200Caleda_.. 0> ,800 W):7OU Scorpion. .o3
200 ...........09 1 )0 fc» 500 BB&SI....10
26U Cb11nce... 271400 87 40* a JNt «3
9 0 choir... 1.26 SOU Julia 04 200 .41 j
4000 1.22% UJ Justice. ._o2 600 Hill. ...01
800 1.27% . 100 Kentuck.,os 4OU Oa
160 1.20 iOOOX.WaBh.O2 Btnrd....t3/ 8
60j cCi£V..l.9O 301) Mexican. 1. 6 1 00 .........1.40
900 1.92 V ioO Ny QQ....05 2Ol» Uni0n, ...34 '
100 ..lV 8 200Occdt..l2Vi 100!) U»U....U4
100 C0nn... .1.0a 2700 '.. ...12 x. JtMti.-.30
ILUbIAiCr QUOTATIONS.
SATURDAY, May 29— 12 v.
JTirf- Jt fed. ' MlrL A *K*A .
Alpha C0n..... — ;■: 06 Jnt!«: ...... «4 05
All*. 02 03 Ju5tice......... — 03
Andes. 19 20 Kenmclc....... 04 t)5
Iselcber ....... 20 21 Mexican ...... 35 3tS
test & Belctxie 69 6. Nevada Qaoea. — IB
Benton C0n.... 09 — occidental...... 11 12
iioUloa ........ 02 03 '>pWr«....... M i 93 -94
Caledonia. 08 10 overman...... IS 14
Chollar ........1.20 1.25 1'0t051... .„■.... 07 68
Con.Ual&Va... 1.85 '1.81 5avage.. ....... -3* 84
Cballencd Cos. 27 2b scorpion. ...„. — C 4
con. imperil. 01 .f. -eg. Uelchae... 08 09
Confidence.... 1.00 1.05 ilver HUL.... — 02
Cod Mew Yore — •Vi -terra -N«va>lA» 41 43
i. iuwii Point... 22 k8 tandard ......1.40 1.45
KastaierraJS«» — U •> uaica:». .... Ul I■■
KurokaUoa... — M) un10nU0u...... Si 35
bxctiequet .... II • OX uUJ». ...... — 14
buuiadtUuny. 20 21 uugw^Mi** SO 32
A* m* a. Aurert. 87 b»l : ■
titltix AM* BONO EXCHANGE.
SATURDAY. May 29-10:30 A. K.
I JTSI> BTATKS " UOSIi-i.
j;,ri /LiA-tx. -Pit. AtkML.
rß4.eonti.U2 --: U Stores.. .lo9 JIVV4
l-o new issuel'^3 —
' MIRCKIXASJKOtT* SONIII
Cal.BtCW«ss.lll '— • ,OaKOa»6».. - 101 >?
Cal L ft! 126 ISBW^oSd to 3*.. 108 . - .
CntraCW6s - »»V3 OmmbusH*. Viiy% —
UpDl-atex-op — 100 • P&O Ryß». — 113
} dsn V.&V Os 127 - — F&Ca My Us. 10 105 L ■
F&CHBB6sIO6% — Pwl-8t RB8»116 _
Grarv-«t — 108% R«o,WUI. — 104 T
i i CAS a Mi*. 100 : — bactofi&li. - 10 J
Lo 3 AnRLBj — 100 SF<tNPßss..loa% —to
CoGnteed 6i — 101 -I'KP.Arizßi 9iiVa 93^
Mtt-stObleesia4^1 < ePRKCaIos. 107 109
DoßyCon fts. i0«5»4 107V* Calos. — 84
Nat Ist - *00 sPBrRCaISs. • 69%1t)0 -
A'evCN(C»7s. - 105 bY Water t>i. 119 119V a
NKyCaltia.l(;4V4 — bVW'atef *». 100% — -
Mty «». — ' 100 6iHtnU*it ji — 102 y»
VATKB STOCK*. '
Contra Costa SI — |Spr«« Valley 86% 87%
MaxlnCo..... 6J —I • ■
•AS AND XX.KCTRT" ' ""^-IKV
Capital. ... — SO ' Paclfle — ' BO'* 1
Central. .88% - S F G&Eleo. 04% 64%
M Kieo Lieut 9 91/4 San Franoaca ii&fc .mx 8
UakUL&K 53»4 5414 -^.loeittgu ... 13 18
i'»« i>u imp 80% Bo% |
.: , ■■■; W|M)»*ih;< *TOCK«. ■ ! ■ .■
Fireman'sFd — » IRS |. ,-. m—
■ couniu-i it -havic «n-"Ct. -.'-", "•:•■;« : •.'.■":■
Aneio-Cal... 50 — First NatlonllS2 -• ':
fiaokof UaL.' —238 Londonl'tfcA. — ISO
eta el><fcT Co — 105 ilerchKx.... 12 —
PA > !S«4 MA VIC PTf>-C«.
PfrS&l^Cn-i341 — S«v<fcLoan.. _ 101
EnmbS«tL.liuJ — Security 353 —
Mutua1....... 35 40 UnlOuTnu:.397% — .?
bi>b»v Union 449 — <
BTBKKT RAILROAD STOCK*.
California.... 1^7% — Oalc tJLnUIa/ _ 100
Uearj-at...... oH — PrealdiO 4 —
ai»iiiei-ai.... -4 44Vs!
 iOT'ij»» : »t«v-ic\. ... •
Attuntlen... 11 17 iGiantOoi... 28 80
CalUoraia.... 75 " l 88 IVlgorlu 70c 1 :-'■■
[era i>.... 83 85 ;I ; ;. " v. .- ;:
Ala»K» rt?M. : ' 97%100 iNatVlnOo.. - v 7is
Uer Lead Go. 100 ■ --in - ! c#anlcßSUa — , S4
HawC&oCa. 13 1 3 V 4 lac Aux i' \. : a . 8v I
Jinttlisi'v.j VI l| '" cßor * ' 09 —
ii Aiwu- , ' 90 .-.; I »'«»« i-»iu;tJ»» % 7
:—..;.. BALKS— MORNING DJJW»iajf. -.■ ■ •~.'":}i.
,' - Hoard— ' "' ■ ' ■"■ ' -' "-"■ '' : .-.:;■'. •■. ■ . ■"■-'• ■•'•^^^ ; ".
00 Hutchinson 6 P C 0.......... 21 OOy
-15 do do .;..... 21 131*
10 SV Water :.......: :................ 97 00
.;■■•,■.■■.- .; : -,.: •■-. -■■■. ■. . ..'*,.; »;...« ',,.v.'"'-^- : '.^/. . ■ : - : -
Prussia's bigh executioner being about
to retire i hundred* ;of • applicants i for he
position have ' appeared. v. He i get : £7 10s
for each execution ; and ;, his traveling ex
penses. ■-■ ; . ■ ;.' •-.•■"■ -\ ! ■ i [^"'^• : J-i, : <-r.^~'"- S
■. . ....... ... "- ' ~ ' ■*■ - " * " ... ;:'..-ir;V: <
The Time Butt.
BRANCH H ydbchiraphic OFficn. XT; v X. ■>
Merchants' Kxchanob V
.'•,'B a» Francisco. May 29. 1837.,.) '•:
The time ball . on " Telegrapn Hil. was droppsl
exactly ac noon to-day— i. c., at uoou of the lI'JU
meridian, or exactly a* HR m., Green lea time.
■-•: -.•.•>.■•.-.• -;>-•:■• .■■•-- ■■;?;."•.■■ v ; W. & 11UQUK8. -
.--■ .UeaUnm&t V. & N., la charge.
THE CALL CALENDAR.
May, 1897.
OCEAN SXKAiIKKS.
Date* nf r>pparture From Pan FrancUeo.
ST£AM£KS IO AKKJ.VK.
Uteamkr I Fbom I Dub
bVH, MOON A>l> XXJiJS.
C»mm stattm coast aitd nicornfTio Bnavrer
, -TIMKS ' AND Heights of Hiaß and Low
Waters •AT FORT POUTT, E.NTBANCK TO
fcASr Francisco Bat. Pdblibk«d nt Ofk-
CIAL AUTHORITY or THE MIrtBINTKN'DENI.
Note— The high and low v.-aten occur at tii
City Front (Mission-street Wharf) about twenty
live minutes later tban lit Fort Point; vu« height'
of tide is the same at both places. ' -
May-18»J.
'■■*.• >''.'' Ennday. May 30.
Ptin rises ,,^......*.49}M00n ri5M...... 3.43aii
Sunsets 7. 'ii \ Moon sets. • ,-
Note— In the above exposition of tut tWes the
early mornlaf tide* are given In the left band
column, and the successive tides of the | day la tbe
order of occurrence as to time. The second time
column gives the second tide ol the day. the third
time column the third tide, and the last or right
hand column elves the last tide of the day, except
when there are hat three, tides, as sometimes
•cenrs. The heights given are additions to U>«
sonndings on the United States Coasi Survey
starts, except when a minus sign (— ) precedes the '
belght, and then the number given is subtract!
from the fipiitli e!ven by the chart*.
AOlltt, 1(1 MAKI.>Ki;S.
A branch of the United States Hrdrographia
Office located in the Merchants' Exchange is
maintained In San Francisco for the benefit of
mariners without regard to nationality and free of
expense. ■ .-■ ;" . .- • - . ■?'-..-' ■■ - r -
Navigators are cordially Invited to visit the
oQcu where complete sets of charts and sailing :
airecilons of the world are kept on nanlr or com
parison and reference, and the latest information I
oaa always b* obtained regarding lights, dangers ;
to navigation and all matters of interest to . ocean {
commerce, tryyer. .■..-■:<-;. ■«■ .-. ■- ..-.-:■ -,- ;
The time ball en top of the building on Tele- I
graph : Hill li hoisted about ten minutes before
noon, and Is dropped at noon. 1 120 th meridian, by
telegraphic signal received each day from the
United states Naval Observatory at Mare Island
Ual. ■ ■■ -■.■ - . -
A notice stating whether the time ball wm
dropped on time, or ctvlng the error, If any. Is
published the same day oy the afternoon papers,
aid by the morning papers the following day.
W. a Hughxs,
Lieutenant. U. & X.. in ch»r-»
[ ' =====
SHIPPIMU INTELLIGENCE.
Arrived.
SATURDAY, May 29.
Stmr Navnrro, Wiggins, 14 hours trom Point
Arena; railroad ties, to L E White Lumber Co.
Scbr Ocean Spray, Steinuorn. 38 hours from
iTersens Landtag; wood, to X Iversen.
Hchr Go »ma, Dedrlck. 3 days from Coos Bay;
lumber, to Simpson Lumber Co.
Cleared.
- SATURDAY, May 29.
Br Btmr Belgie, Binder,' Hongkong and Yoko
hama, via Honolulu : O&O S 8 Co.
Scmr Colon, Macklnnon, Panama; PUBS Co.
Stmr Nortn .Fork, Hansen, . Eureka; Charlej
Kelson. / '■■■■'. - "
• Ktmr Eureka. Parsons, San Pedro; GoodaU. Par
ikir.S (O. i ■■• ■ ■-■ ■ . ..:•..
Stmr city of Puebla, Debney, Victoria and Port ;
Townsend: Goodall. Perkins <& Co.
Stmr Proereso, Storrs, Nanaimo: John Rosen-
d's -can.
Brig Galilee. Dinsruorp, Tahiti; M Turner, r
Schr bailor Boy, Pete, son, I Port Clarence: Roth,
Blum &. Co. - ■ - . ■' ■ %■.■■.
Scar Geo W Prescott, Douglass, whaling voyage;
A Doug ass,
Sailed. .
: SATURDAY, May 29.
Stmr Czarina. Seaman, Com Bay.
Stmr Colon, MacKinnon, Panama, etc.
. Br stmr Belgic, ' Binder, Yokonania and Hong
kong, via Honolulu. •• .
Stmr Cleoae. strand. Albion. ,
t-tmr Point Arena, Jonuson, Mendoclao. * •
Rtmr Westport, Jacobs.
Ftmr National Cltv. Andresen, Coos Bay.
"Ship spartan. Polite, New What com.
Bark Mercury, Colby. Port Blakeley.
- Bktn Gleaner, Sprague. • ':> ' ■;■
What schr Bonanza, Smith, whaling
Schr Corinthian, Korth, Walsh* Landing. -
Pcbr W X Jewett Johnson at Michaels. :
Schr C T Hill, Rudback, Grays Harbor.
Schr Bobolink. Faudricn. Mendocino. .
Schr Five Brothers. Wilton. Pheips Landing.
Schr Bownead, Kyan. Kal.alt .
Schr Chas Hanson, Nlelson, urays Harbor.
. Schr Ab.ble, Hansen.
. ' " Returned. V-.. 1 «";- ■•-■"•
SATURDAY. Mar 29. .
Schr Bowbead, Ryan, hence to-day for Eadlak;
returned on account of carrying away foremast
head oft tae heads ■. ' . , ::. vt- - ,
Telegraphic.
POINT i,nni\ May 29-10 r. v.— Weather
hazy; wind NW velocity 20 iuuj». ■
.' . Domestic Port*.
POINT .. BEY EB-Passed ,■ May . . 99— Stmr
South Coast, from Kureka, for San Francisao.
COOS BAY— Arrived May i.9— Stmr Signal, hnc
May 27. .•;•■'■"■-.•• ■ ■ . - . '.'-■.; ,' y ..-; i
bTB WARTS POlNT— Arrived May 29-Scnr
A-<Ji!e and Kontle, hence May 27. ■
POINT AREXA-Arrlved May 29-Stmr ■ Alca- I
trnz. from Kan Pedro. " ' "- ; ■ ' ■■••••■. •:
COO« BAY -Arrived May £B— Stmr Aicata. hce |
M»y V 6."''■'•. "''■'• '- ' ' : -' ■•' ; :■'■-• '■ •..? '/'■'' -■■ ■ ■ ■. ■-- ■-■-.
b*Bil«»i May 29-^tmr Homer, for San Francisco.
TATOO-il-Passed May iB-Stmr Dmalllla. he»
Mar "-'6 for Victoria.* •-■:,: v- : - -. .. •. ■
: ASTOHIA-Salled May 29— Scbr Edward P»rke,
fo Sun Francisco. .:.•■•.'-• : ■ :
I VENTURA— Arrived May 29— 8tmr G Loamts.
hence May 2m, and sailed for san Fiancisco
SAN PKDRO-s*alled May 29-Sihr Halcyon,
for G ays Harbor; schr i-eoa Swe.tsey, for Seattle.
GRAYS HARBOB— sailed May 3t>— scar Pio
nee-, for Santa Hojalia. : :
U&Alr-saiied'May ,i 9— mr Sco la, forMon- j
terer. -'• ' '.~>t~ ■"::'■''■ -■.- :'.:: .- ■■• .' - -.
PORTGAMBLK-Fallod May 29- Bark Caroa
<ie:et, lor I ban Francisco; . sour. Ida Schnauer,: lor
San *"rjin elsco.\,::":'. '■'.•- ■ '':■- * . • ■ '.•."..;■:
A -Arrived May 29— Stmr Pomona, be« j
Mil v 28: : stmr Alice Elnuctiard, from Coos Bay,
aud sailed :or s-an Franc! co. -: -- .'• •'.' - ■*■
SEATTLE -Arnvmi May k9-Br ship Claverdaa
from Pha'iifiial.c : -- •■:■■>-■■' -• " ■■■:■-■■-- . ■ . -,
: BUWENS LAND:«ia-Ba!led May 29-Schr
Bender. »jrothen«. tor •■ «5 F ainclsco. .: .- . /• ■■- •-, .■.'■-'
; Arrived May 29— Scbr Monterey, hence Hay 28.
. ••., '-.■..'." " . Kastern Forts." :..< . -..
BALTIMORE -Sailed; May 28— Ship John A
tn.gi, for San Franci.co.
V ';'-. J:"- .'.■'.'- l-'oreien Pf»rtt. ; .,;.' ■'.'
COLON— Arrived May 27— Stmr Advance, from
New York. - ; ; ■•■ ■•■ • -." ,- . ■ ■ ■
HULL— Arrived May 28- Fr bark Gen Milllnet,
henc<> Jan -9; Br ship Otterburn. hence Jan 24.'sr,
i LONDON— \niV6d May 28-Br ship Drummalr,
henc ' Jhh 23; Br ship Muncaster Castle, thence
Jan i4.«*"?-"»--.^ !■ : ■''■•■'■:--■' - j '"■ "■■ ■;-' :' .'^ r ; '■"'■■?.
v- DUNGENESS-'Passed May i 28— Br ship .Win
dermt-re. hence Jaa 9. for Hull. '-" ■"-'. - - • ■'■'-. li ~
■ -vHONOICONG— Arrived May 29— Stmr. i City Of
Peklnsr, hence May 1. ' :; . ' : ; *7-%
- NANAIMO— , May 29-Barlc * Carrollton,
.1 :i San Fiaacisso. •./: " , -^ . •.
Shippers and
Buyers' Guide.
THE CALL indorses and
recommends as thoroughly
reliable the Commission Mer-
chants appearing rin this
column.
H. HECKMANN & CO.
WHOLtSALE DEALERS IN
Dried fruits, Produce, Poultry, Game
and Eggs.
400-402 DAVIS &TREET, S. F.
WOLF & SONS
. ■ ■ ■ , . - ■
General Commission Merchant*. ,
S2l-323 DAVIS STREET, S. F.
D. E. ALLISON CO.,
General Commission Merchants.
Green and Dried Fruits, Grain, Potatoes, Bean*
Produce, Wool, etc.
501-509 Front St., S. F.
DALTON BROS.
Green and Dried Fruits, Citrus Fruits, Produce^
Poultry and Eggs.
£'.: : , '317-319 Davis St.. S. F.
BANK-; AND BANKERS.
GERMAN SAVINGS & LOAN SOCIETY,
646 CALIFORNIA ST., S. F.
Guaranteed capital and surplus.... $2,040,201 63
Capital actually paid up In cash 1 000,000 00
Deposits December 31. 289&.. 27,730,247 15
OFFICERS — President, B. A. Becker; First
Vice-PresMeut. Dantel Meyer; Second Vice-Tress
dent, H. Horstmann; Cashier, A. H. R. Schmidt;
Assistant Cashier, William Herrmann; Secretary,
George Tonruy; Assistant Secretary, A. H. Mul-
ler; Attorney, W. 8. Goodfellow. .
• BOARD OF DIRECTORS— B. A. Becker, Daniel
Meyer, H. Horstmann. Jen. stelnhart, K. Van
Bergen. B. Rohte, H. B. Russ, D. .N. Walter and
N. Ohlandt.
. Baja California
Damiana Bitters
13 A POWERFUL APHRODISIAC' AND
specific tonic for the sexual and urinary organs
of both sexes, and a great remedy for diseases at
the kidneys and bladder. A great Restorative^
luvigorator and Nervine. Sells on its own Merit*;
SO long-winded testimonials necessary.
.NA..1.1;, ALo a: liliUNi-J, Agent*.
823 Market St., S. *'. — (Send lor Circular)
OCEAN TRAVEL.'
PACIFIC COASTSTEAMSHIPCO.
REDUCED
PASSENGER RATES
_ TO
Victoria, (6. ('.). and Seattle, Tacoma,
Port Townseud and Other Puget Sound
Ports.
SIC" '" '", " Cabin
S5 - Second Class
Steamers sail from Broadway Dock 9 a. *■—
CITY OFPUEBLA.... May 31
QUEEN (Puget Sound Ports only) June 2
WALLA ; WALLA June 5
TICKET OFFICE— 4 New Montgomery street.
GOODALL, PKRK INS <fc CO..
; General Agents-
THEO.R.&N. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAN X>
- From Spear-street Whart at 10 a. m.
T? \ T?TT/®5 First-class 1 Including
X .AXt-Eii 3d-clas* j" berth & mealj
SCHEDULE OF SAILINGS:
C01umbia......... June •', 12,22. July 9
State of California. June 7. 17, 27. July 7
Through tickets and through baggage to all
Eastern points. Rates and folder* upon applica-
tion to
,;-.—» v:;:. - F. F. CONNOR. General Agent.
- . 630 Market street
GOODALL. PERKINS <fc CO.. Superintendents
PACIFIC COAST STEAMSHIP CO.
STEAMERS LEAVE , BROADWAY jgfcffl- -
wharf, San Francisco, as follows: xsSSSB.
For ports in Alaska, June 5, 10. 15,20, iiS. 30
and every firth day thereafter, at 9 a. it. . .
■ For Victoria and Vancouver (B. C), Port Town-
send, Seattle, Tacoma, Everett, Anacortes and i
New Wcatcom (Belliseham Bay, Wash.), 9a. m.
June 9, 10, 15, 20,25, 80. and every fifth day there-
after, connecting at Vancouver with the C P. R.
R., at Tacoma with N. P. R. R., at Seattle with (A
N. Ky., at Port Townsend with Alaska steamers.
For Kureka, Area; a and Fields Landing (Hum-
bold Bay), Sir. Pomona '£. v. m., June 1, 5, 9. 14,
18, 22, V 6, 30. July 5. ft 13, 17,21. 26. 30, AujusJ
& 7. 11, 16, 20, 24, 28, and every fourth day there-
after. - ' • " .
For Santa Cruz, Monterey. San Simeon. Cayncos,
Port Harford (San Luis Obispo), Gaviota, Santa
Barbara, Ventura, Hneneme, ban Pedro, Hast dan
Pedro ' (Los Angeles) and Newport, at 9 a. it
June 3, 7, 11, 15, 19. 33, 27. and every fourth
day thereafter. •
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Harrori
(Ban Luis Obtspo), Santa Barbara, Port Los An-
reles. Bedondo (Los Aneeles) and Newport. 11
a. x. June 1, 5, 9, 13, 17, 21, 25, 29, and every
fourth day thereafter.
For Ensenada. ban Jose del Cabo; Mazatlan, La
Paz and Guaymas (Mexico), steamer Orizaba, ID
a. v., the 21 of each month. • - - . ■ ' ■
'I he Company reserves the right to change with-
out previous notice steamers, sailing dates an 4
hours of sailing. Ticket office— Palace Hotel, 4
New Montgomery street. ; .;
GOODALL, PERKINS 4 CO., Geni Agents,
■ - -' : - 10 Market St., San Francisco. ■
.^^■■■■■■,lll4l S. S.ATJSTRALIA for
■ Jw«l fc TuesdaVi " Juue 15> ac
gß^wk Hd ' ,^ 2p.m. party rate 3.
PHMIHMIfI S. S. AUSTRALIA for
1 M Aft IC HONOLULU only,
[•■^■■■■■•Tuesdav. Juue 15. at
■ 2p. m. special party rates.
fV/^ I • \ Tlie b. s.. MAKIPOSA
istpam^ninJ sails via HONOLULU
22^7 GJlCgillJlH}/ " and AUCKLAND for
<3^^ <5lTlR(ll?m SYDNEY. Thursday,
\yi'P«lWr June 24. 2 r. m
LinetoCOOLGAßDlti.Aust.. and CAPETOWN
South Africa. ■- ■:■■-■■ ?'•■■ . ■ . .
. J. D. SPRECKELS & BRoa CO.. Agents,
. 114 Montgomery st.
: Freight office, 827 Market street. Ban Francisco
. : : — .[ ,
COBPAGJfIE 6EHER.IL TRAISATIA \\II
'■■■■'•'• '■':. French Line to Havre. ■
> BPIKR(NEW),42 NORTH Ml
\J River, foot of Morton tx. I Travelers by •* e «*R
this line avoid both transit by English railway an I
the discomfort of crossing the channel In a small
boat. New York to Alexandria, Egypt, via fasti.
first class 9160, second class 9116. . - • ' ■
LA T0URA1NK........... ..June IV, 10*. it
LA 8RETAGN8...... .......... June 12. 10a. m.
LA CHAMPAGNE.. Juna 19, 1!) a. x.
LA GA5C0GNE...;...... ..June i 6. 10 a. it.
LAI^UDBAINE...... .........Juty 3, 10a. st
jB3P For lur.iier particulars apply to '
A. FOttOET. Agent, : '
■ Na 3, Bowling Green, New y. rk. :■ :v
.-■ j. f. FUGAZI & C 0.,, Agents, 5 ilontgomety
avenue, San Francisco. . .. ,■»..; . -
STOCKTOH STEAMERS
Leave Pier No. 3, Washington St..
At 6 V. M. Daily. Freight received -up
%3T Accommodations Reserved : by Telephone
•lne only i.v- »lUn< through tickets aud givlaj
through 'freight rates to all poinis ou VJlay
aUr °^- 81-KAMERS, '
T. C. Walker, .jv • ,J. D. Peters,
Mary ! Garratt, -- City of Stock toa.
Telephone Main BC3. Cm. Nay. and linpL Q»
FOR U. 8. SAYiYARD ASD TALIEJO.
' gTKAMEB "MONTICKLLO," t ■
Mod., Tnes., Wed.. Tburs. and Sat... '
..9:45 A. v. and 3:15 p. m. (9 p. m. ex. Thurs.).
Friday*......;..... .............. ;..l p. it, 9p. «.
b0ndaya........ ...... ....... 10:30 a. k. and 8 p. m.
leading and offices. Mission Dock, Pier i
Teleprone Green 38 L
FOR SAS JOSE, LOS GATOS & SIITI CRUZ
QTKAMER ALVISO LEAVES PIER 1 DAILY
p (Sundays eicepted) a: 10 a. v . • Alviso da:Jv
(Satcrday excepted) iat V,7 :p.>. v. Freight „ ana
Passenger. Fare - between '■ Ban - Francisco : ana
Alviso, 500; fto | San Jose, i 75a. s Clay il fiat i.
WW. tMBMCl»r»*b, £i»a Jae»
2930
HE LASHES
AMERICAN
LETHARGY
Ethan Allen Cries Aloud
for Sympathy for the
Cubans.
CLAIMS THE KINSHIP OF
PATRIOTISM.
Appeals to the Appalling Story
of Suffering on the Luck
less Little Isle.
SENTIMENTAL AND MATERIAL
MOTIVES FOR AID.
S me Diy the United States May
Neei the Territory Whcb It
Now Coldly Ignores.
The following letter from Ethan Allen,
president of the Cuban League of the
United Slates of America, will be read
with particular interest on this day, de
voted by the local Cuban League to a
demonstration for raising funds for the
island patriots:
The Cuban League of the United States )
. of America, COL. E. Allen, President,>
115 Broadway, May 17, 1897. )
Faust E. Mascherini, Secretary of Cuban League
of San Francisco— Dear sik: I "nave just re
ceived your lavor 01 the 12th, asking me as
the president of the Cuban League of the
United States to send you some expression of
goodwill lor your grand demonstration in be
iialf of the patriots of Cuba, to be held in San
Francisco on the 30th of this month. I wish 1
-- could be with you in person, but the width of
a continent forbids this. 1 shall be with you
in spirit, for the eartn is not broad enough to
separate those who are animated with a com
mon and patriotic desire to help struggling
sufferers on the road to political ireedom.
It Is inconceivable to me that any opposition
should exist in our country to actively help
ing forward the cause of Cuban independence
except upon the theory of total depravity.
He who can read the appalling story of suffer
ing by the heroic Cubans in defense of a pur
pose as noble as that which animated Wash
ington and his compatriots and not feel
impelled to rush to their relief is so steeped in
the depravity of original sin that he becomes
a dangerous member of society. And when
mat man has, unfortunately for the country,
crept into high official position he can do
much by cant and hypocrisy— as he is doing
to-day— to dishonor our Republic before the
world. I need not here recall the tortures
applied in Cuba to her entire population
regardless of age or sex. The world knows it
by heart. lie who rises in his place, whether
in Congress or out of Congress, and Bays he
does not know it or pretends to disbelieve it
is to-day the canting hypocrite I have referred
to, and the truth is not in him.
The crie3 of Cuban distress we can almost
hear which the savagery of brutal Spain
wrings from non-combatants, and more than
this not a letter comes from Cuba, nor is a re
port made from personal visitation that does
not dwell on the evidence of needless slaugh
ter. The Government of Cuba has long been
in working order, levying taxes and raising
armies, and virtually controls all the Island
except the sea ports, which the navy of Spain
still retains. Then Ib it premature to say that
he who at this time rises in his place as the
conservator of the morals and the patriotism
of the American people and asks {or further
information upon the controversy is guilty of
dissimulation, his demand for mere knowledge
is a sham, and he bo convicts himself ss he
stands?
Can honest men divide as to our duty in
this case when the facts must be admitted as
just stated? Nations, as well as individuals,
are bound by the obligations of humanity.
Wanton murder befouls the eyes and sense of
him who views it without effort to prevent it.
So the cruel story of Cuba, must render callous
the better feelings of our people as a whole,
unless natural impulses have their way, and
further wrong is stopped by our interference
We are great and powerful while Cuba is
weak. We enjoy liberty, because our lathers
gained it in battle. Cuba inspired by our ex-
Ample is fighting for the same great end. In
our trials France gave to us that support whicn
meant victory. Are we not the colossal in
£ratei of the earth, if we in our strength shall
aiot do for Cuba what so greedily we sought
,t rom France a century ago? This however, is
"the sentimental side of the question, and space
forbids its enlargement.
But upon material grounds— if we are base
enough to fly no higher in the realms of
j^thics— free Cuba means ultimately American
territory. This territory is what we need, and
In the near future must have. I know that
(there are those— whose eyes being in the back
of their heads they see not the future— who
nay "Cuba is not wanted." On the contrary,
■we so much want it that some day — if it be the
only way to this end— we shall deluge it with
American blood to obtain it. Commercially,
it dominates the whole South American con
tinent, whose trade we are after. It com
mands the gulf, which will soon be to our Na
JVZW TO-OAK
«jk /C"*\ The full intensity
ojafp of living- is reached
0\ /- <^oa ' only by the perfectly
VXjfrj«*sS?SSlia healthy. Sickness
discounts the capac-
j\VlBsiafiM * tv for enjoyment
&£$ //moBBl When a piano is
T»/'«|Sfc» badly out of tune,
JBoI I uL^R the no ' B<?s tnat come
W| II MJa from it are certainly
JESS}' i ■gH^ not musical. They
■PJf'j 'MH jfa are not beautiful. If
zVI I BfHS his only a little bit
( 1 )1 / I Bu^L out of tune - you can
"v ( A MX m play some few things
*A 1/ I Mr ' *• on It- You can create
£m*'^~M£ mSLa. semblance of
-^* m . music, but you can-
Dot make really beautiful, satisfying, soul-
stirring music, unless every string is tense
and firm, unless every piece of the whole
instrument is in perfect tune, in perfect
condition, in perfect harmony with every
other piece.
It is the same with a human being. If
his body is all out of order and run-down,
he will not be able to enjoy anything, no
matter how full of enjoyment it may be for
other people. If he is just a little bit out
of order, if he " is not sick, but doesn't feel
just right" he will only be able to enjoy
things in a half-hearted sort of way. The
nearer lie is to being perfectly well, the.
nearer will his capacity for enjoyment be
perfect To really live, and to take his
part in the work and pleasure of the
world, his body must be in perfect con-
dition. If this condition doesn't exist,
something is wrong and something ought
to be done. That something nine cases in
ten means the use of Dr. Pierces Golden
Medical Discovery. It works directly on
the digestive organs, and on "the blood and
through these on every tissue of the whole
body. :It makes the appetite good, the
digestion . perfect and nutrition rapid and
easy. It supplies rich, red blood to all the
tissues and builds up solid, healthful flesh.
It brings perfect health and restores vig-
orous, springy vitality. It makes every
function in life a pleasure instead of a drag.
It is an' invigorating tonic as well as the
greatest blood-purifier of the age. You can
Ket it at any drug store. If you care to
know more about it, and about your own
physical make-up, send 21 one-cent stamps '
to cover cost of mailing only and receive
absolutely free a copy of Dr. Pieree's cele-
brated book, "Common Sense Medical Ad-
viser " — 1008 pages, profusely illustrated.
Address World's Dispensary Medical As-
sociation, Buffalo, N. Y.
s^lds^-E5SS^~~~~^~~-^J-
I tilSiilllttliltiiiCiai*>a*aAtAllltiil
gTTFTTFITn!FITHTnTF!TF!TF!TF!TFTTF^
£ IN HONOR OF OUR NATION'S DEAD HEROES OUR STORES WILL REMAIN CLOSED MONDAY, MAY 31. 3
E OPENING OF A NEW DEPARTMENT.
•r: (HOUSE IPIJK,NISKIN"C3-S.)
I THIRTY SPECIAL VALLES TO OPEN THE DEPARTMENT.
f~ Heavy Tin Coffee rots, 2-qaart . '.lOtj. '
Heavy Tin saucepans, 2-qu»rt lOc i
*— .In panned Sprinkling Tots, 2-quart lOc !
Heavy 1 In lie Plates, 8-iucli... 3c !
•_. H»avy lin Wash Basins ■.. Bel
g~~ Tin Handle Water Dippers. 1-qtiart 5c I
l^_ Ual van. zed-Iron Buckets, ex ra
heavy ... : l.'c
JJ[_ Gray Knamel Coffee Pots, 1 iVquart.. . .. 35c
Gray Knamel Basing spoons, 12-ince.. lOc I
_"~ Gray Knanj'l Drinking Cups lOc !
Heavy Tin Dinner Buckets, covered
«^- ton, 1 quart .... 5c
Heavy Tin Saucepan.", 3-quait, lipped,
m*~ long handle 10c
Heavy Enamel, saucepans, with Ion;
•p; handle.. 4Oc i
■ We guarantee our steel body Gray
o>— Enamel Ware to De the best.
Children's Embossed Drinking Mugs... . 5c
SIGNAL SALE SNAPS IN DOMESTICS.
«»— 2600 yards bought at
g"~ FIGURED • a sacrifice, an excel-
U-nt quality, 31-inch,
g~ LAHX worth 7c, tor signal AV'.
S»- I sale. *
«^~ ■ ■ ! ■ Limit— ls aril 8 to Yard
**~ . I a customer.
i^~ A big lot bought for
COTTON cash. 17-inch, a good QIC
J^~ ' quality, signal sale.. Ojg
g" CKASH . Umit— '2o yards to Yard
•^— a customer.
««— A miscellaneous I
•^ "WASH : "job" of new lawns |
at»_ and dimities, dainty I
»- GOODS figures on tight
y~ cronnds, alto linen pi
m*- - '• - ■ effects, value 8V;;C SO)
y— and 10c i Yard
*T" " ~~ 150U yards of High-
g~ SCOTCH land plat s, for clill-
«f^~ - dren's dresses, 27-
- inch, every patiern
9~- . worth 10c a yard, £»ICJ
i^~ signal sale D 4 ;
Jp: Limit 16 yards to I Yard
a customer. - |
*^" REMNANTS OF UNBLEACHED CAN-
»»— TON FLANNKr . manufacturers' remnants,
from 1 to 10 yard lengths, on the counters |
aJT~ for signal sale from 3c to 80c piece. '
J; SIGNAL SALE SNAPS IN FURNISHINOS.
g^ LADIES' MUSLIN DRAWERS, 1
«fc — made out of LosDdale muslin, 1 "C
y~ tucked and deep ruffled bottoms, 1 ')
ft- signal sale price Pair
g- LADIES' MUSLIN DRAWERS, rtlf-
JJHZ fled embroidery edg* on bottom, QQC
»— !»50 bought at ! 3 value, on gale— •>
Tuesday Pair 1
LADIES' MUSLIN DRAWERS, a lot
JUiZ we bought for cash, 3 style*, ele-
cantly trimmed and of the finest CQC !
y** quality and workmanship, worth t)»/-. j
»- ■ from $1 to «1 25 pair, signal sale.. Pair
£Z LADIES' FINE MUSLIN GOWNS,
a~2 the best heavy mnsliu, fall or eat
?*" lar, cambric ruffle with embroidery
w— eJ;;e, in- kid ant embroidery inser-
«^~ t ion, trimmed front, a bargain at,fQC '
fc: 75c, 67 In the lot to set the pace riO \
lor signal sale at. Each 1
A BIG SNAP IN UNDERVESTS", 395 |
jfc— Ladies' Summer Undcrvests for signal sale: |
y*~ • Regular $1 French Lisle Vests. 4Bc each I
a- Regular 50c French Lisle Vests. 35c each !
y— Regular 35c French Lisle Vests. 25c each '
Well made and perfect. Bought for cash, i
g" FRINGED TABLE COVERS, ap-
■»— . pi if] ned fancy figured crepe. "I CC
■T" 34x34 inches, the 25c kind. li) <
Sf= Signal Sale Each 1
tion as an inland sea. It has a population of
1,000,000 of white inhabitants and has given
10 U3, of itself, a trade of $100,000,000 a year.
It is capable of easily sustaining a po-ulation
of 16,000.000 of American citizens, with a
value to us of $1,000,000,000 a year. It is the
catch phrase 01 many thHt "we don't want any
territory by aggression"— meaning that we
won't tight for additional land. How empty
headed is he who utters sucn a proposition!
We are the most warlike people on the p on ■■
and will fight at any time for whatever is
necessary to push on the principles which our
fathers of tiie Revolution fought for and
gained.
This Nation represent? an irrepressible con
flict between republicanism ana monarchy,
and we are always in that conflict, whether
we will or not, whenever any people fires tne
opening gun for political freedom. What is
this Nation, so far, but a Nation built upon
aggression? War presided over its birth and
has attended its growth. By arms we wrung
the original colonies from Great Britain, and
with powder and ball seized from Mexico
California, Texas and neany half of what is
American territory. The Louisiana purchase
gave us peaceably the central part of the conti
nent, and only an idiot can tail to ice that if
this had not been ceded to Jefferson for a Drlce
we would have crimsoned ihe waters of the
Mississippi by aggressive warfare to secure
the ownership to tne ocean. In spite of oppo
sition we do want territory wherever it is
needed for the advancement of American in
terests, and the time ihould never come when
we shall be too cowardly to draw the sword
for this, the hour and the necessity having
been reached to do so. Cuba is territory
which we shall surely want hereafter, and
her freedom now means our peaceful acquisi
tion of it in the future.
It is not my pleasure but my great regret to
use the language I hare in reference to those
appointed to rule over us. But it is a neces
sity that we should all resort to plain speech
in this crisis. Not a citizen in the land, out
side of those dominated by some evil motive,
arising from the cowardice of wealth or the
quest for political favors, but feels mortified
and degraded by the action of those intrusted
wfth the direction of our Government. The
previous administration was servile to Spain,
but this one, *o far, gives evidence 01 out
bidding it in ignoble service. It is to be hoped
that this policy may soon change. Something
more than a paltry donation by Congress to
help the victims of Spanish cruelty is due to
the heart of our country, which is not cow
ardly nor selfish when facing its natural obli
gations to check tae murder of helpless pa
triots. The cheap trumpeting of the demand
that "American citizens must te protected" is
only to qnlet and deceive those who have been
anxiously and rightfully expecting so much
more.
Of course American citizens are to be pro
tected as the first and chiet duty of the execu.
tive of the Nation; but, more than this, shall
■>ye compel an observance of the rules of civi
lized warfare toward those so close to us as
the Cubans; shall we continue to listen un
moved to their appeals for help while they
are making the most heroic struggle ior free
dom since Leonldns: and shall we cease to be
the voluntary naval police in support 01 Spain,
doing this vile service to the suppression of
or interference with our own legal and legiti
mate commerce with the Cuban insurgentsa
Spain has never been our friend, nor so far
aided us in any way, that we should now be
come her ally at the price ot our manhood and
public justice. I am, very truly yonrg,
Ethan Allen,
President of the Cuban League of the U. S.
JOHN BAIN'S DEATH.
A Prominent Scotch Keaident— One of
the Old Vigilance Committee.
John Bain, one of the prominent Scotch
residents of the City, passed away last
Friday night at the residence of his
daughter, Mrs. George Cumming, 20 Fell
street.
The deceased was born in Renfrew, Scot
land, nearly eighty-four years ago and
oinierated to New Orleans in 1842, coming
to California via Panama in 1850. He was
a member of the Vigilance Committee of
1856, being one of the guards detailed to
watch the room in which Dnvid S. Terry
was confined. He was one of the organiz- j
ers of the St Andrew's Society and the |
Caledonian Club.
He leaves one surviving daughter, eight
grandchildren and mix great-grandchil
dren.
The funeral will be conducted by the
St. Andrew's Society at Scottish Hall to
morrow at 2 r. m.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 3(/, 1897.
lUtlltluuiiltiiiiuiiiiuuailiMlliia
Japanned Candlesticks, 5-inch.. 4c
Patent Tin Hour sifters lOc
Heavy Japanned Dustpan*... 5c
Knnmel Saucepans, lipped. 2-quart 20c
Enamel Pudding- Pans, deep, '..-quart ..20c
Enamel Buckets, coverrd, '-'-quart 23c
> n.-.mel Handle .Skimmer*, 12-inch '...."...."15c
! namel Dishpuns, 14-quart 49c
Kiiiimel Tea Kettles, 4-qnart-* 800
Enamel Milk or Rice toilers. HVmiar: 55c
Preserve Kettles, heavy re-tlnued lip, with
handle...... 9c
Acme Enamel Fry Pans, 7% ' inches ' across
i he top :...:....:....'....„. . . . ; 23c
Knanvl Preserve Kettles, s' ■•-quart, lip »n r l
side handle... 40c
Japanned Tinned Cuspldores, all colors. lie
»TORE CLOSED TO-MORROW.
. OPENING TUESDAY.
Hemstitched. 4&x36
PILLOW- incnej, dry ironed, su- IOIC
-ASKS perlor quality, for sg- \£fi
nal sale Each
L'nh.eacned, 58 inches
TABL*: wide, a signal s»le 9CC
LINKN snap, sold easy for 3oc,
signal sale Yard
White crochet, 72x82,
BED- hemmed and ready for F^J^C I
SPKEADS use, none better at 75c, OO \
! this lot fo-r sig.ial sale. Eai-h |
Pore white, 5 pounds
WOOL (scale weight) 66x80 flfcQ.9O
BLANKKTS inches, 10 per cent co;- «JPO
ton, our new ie.<d>r Pair
Here's a hummer! A
;LACK Nottingham lace car-
tain 3 yards long, In A
CURTAINS white or ecru, signal ii
sale snap Pair
NOTTINGHAM LACE CURTAINS, ttl* f*QC
curtain we sold at 76c all last woek (3 DO
y arils long), to be on special sale at Pair
(NOTTINGHAM LACE CURTAINS, 4
yards by 6J inches, elegant patterns, J^ 1.28
in white or ecru, 62 pairs In the lot, tjp 1 .
signal sale Pair
i
1 A BARGAIN IN LADIES' FINE NIGHT-
GOWNS, made of superior muslin, every gown
I In the lot worth $1:
LOT I. LOT 11.
cd S an P d ed opce n n e< em: h EmP ' rfe effect, side
brolaerr trimmed yoke button, turn - down
and sleeve*, embroidery collar, embroidery ruffle
ruffled neck. trimmed.
690 Sacli.
LADIES' MUSLIN GOWNS, heavy sof -
finished muslin square yoke, elaborately not
trimmed, a beautiful go-.vn tor *1 as, we t/O
snapped up 68 of them for signal sale.... Each
LADIES' BLACK COTTON SUMMER
UNDKRVtSTS. L.N.N.S., square or V- OAC
shaped neck, Kich-lieu ribbed, there *jU •
were 165 in the lot. for signal sale Each
LADIES' BLACK COTTON HOSR.a heavy
seamless high spliced stocking, double "l CSC
sole and double toes, a 20c stocking, dis- -I £
. covered for signal sale at. Each
GENTS' WORKING SHIRTS, a Rood.
heavy, satem-finisbed cotton, in light etc
colors, plenty big, well made, strong and *- 1)
serviceable, all sizes, 140 in the lot at... Each
MlUUiiUiUUiUiiliUllliiUlUlUl
SUNSET DISTRICT
CRIES FOR RELIEF
Its Sewerage System Is a
Mere Mockery of a
System.
An Ugly Gully of Greai Depth
aod Width Defaces the
Section.
Waste F.ow Frcm Lake Honda and
Escaping Storm Waters Cause
Serious Damage.
The Sunset District, sonth of Golden
Gate Park, extends from First avenue
west to Sixteenth avenue, and from H
street south to 0 street. Some day it will
be an important residential section of the
City. Seventh avenue, leading directly
from the park to Balboa boulevard, passes
through the heart of the Sunset District.
Ninth avenue also connects with the
boulevard. Much of the land in that
region is owned by Adolph Sut.ro, A. E.
Buckingham, Middlemas <fc Beale, Getz
Bros., Mr. Sheeny and the Callahan and
Reynolds estates.
The Grand Jury recently recommended
to the Board of Supervisors the construc
tion of a 30-inch brick sewer, to extend
from Eighth avenue and J street, along J
to Tenth avenue, on Tenth avenue to I
street and along I to Twentieth avenue,
there to discharge into the drifting sand,
Ultimately the drainage system will be
extended to the ocean.
The plans for the drainage were pre
The Gully on J Street, Between Twelfth and Thirteenth Avenues,
Sunset District, Caused by the Action of thq "Waste and
Storm Waters.
_^^^ I+ALI3 B17O"?. __^~^^~.~^~l^ i■■
Store Closed AH Day To-morrow, a legal
</ holiday in honor of our dead heroes. Sale
'A begins BA. M. Tuesday.
THE "WHY" OF THE FLAG AND THE
CAUSE OF THE SALE!
Just now markets svery where are clogged. Congested stocks
in the manufacturers' hands must be turned into dollars. Our
trade this spring has been wonderfully large. The inflow of dollars
has made it possible for us to take advantage of present markets. ,
We have bought heavily— disastrous to the producer, but of great
gain to the public. The result, a great accumulation of merchan-
dise and the inauguration of this Signal Sale. The Signal of
THREE IMPORTANT EVENTS :
THE [ Tin, Agate and I OPENING INo words need be SIGNAL I The entire stock
OPENING Wooden Ware. OK TUB was: in herala- SALE OF of a manufaenir
OFA.NEW House - furnish- SIGNAL in: the event. LADIES' S er's suit sam Dies
DEP'T. I Ings and Cooking SALE. The prices quoted SUITS. i bought at 40c on
J— — Uiensi.s Open- - : -in this ad speak ; ■ the dollar (whole-
ing Tuesday. See window dis- i for themselves. sale value). All this season*
play. An exhibit no economic REMEMBEK— Our store closes styles. See Window ODenincr
housewife can afford 10 miss. | all day to-morrow. ... :  day Tuesday.- 8
'■'■§:■ INCORPORATED.
937=945 Market Street.
.wiiaiiiiiuiiiiiUiiitiiiuitiU^tiiiiaiiUiuuiiuuiUiiUiiitiiiiiUiiU
pared by Surveyor Tilton, who estimates
that the size of the sewer is sufficient to
drain the storm waters of that -egion.
The drainage now is about as bad as
anything in that line can be. The Spring
Valley Works put in a tunnel or a drain
pipe from Lake Honda, below the Alms
house, and the waste waters as well as the
storm waters from the watershed pass
through the Sunset district. The action
of the water has gullied out the sand and
earth to a great depth. The gully varies
in width from thirty to eightyfeet and in
depth from ten to twenty feet. This gully
grows deeper and widar after each heavy
rainstorm, and if something is not done to
carry off the water througn a sewer much
valuable property will be destroyed.
Houses as well as lots will be under
mined before another rainy season ends.
Supervisors and members of the Grand
Jury have visited the district, and can
judge for themselves whether property
owners would be justified in making per
manent improvements wtiile the present
stateof affairs is permitted to exist.
Tenth Avenue and J Street, Sunset District, Where the Waste
Water From Lake Honda Discharges.
-.--^^^^JS-AiS^Jßßos^^^^ [
It is expected that the Board of Super
visors will take up the subject at the
regular session to-morrow. It is roughly
estimated that the proposed brick sewer
will cost the City abom $25,000.
The building of the Affiliated Colleges,
the construction of the Balboa boule
vard and plans for other improvements in
that section of San Francisco have
directed public attention to Sunset. Men
who are interested in the development of
the City believe that the wealth of taxable
property would be largely increased in a
very short time if Supervisors would join
the property-owners in advancing meas
ures of public improvement in the district
of the park.
COLONEL E. C. BAINBRIDGE.
The Late Commander of the Third Ar
tillery Takes His Departure From
the Post.
In connection with the recent retire-
. ment from.; the army for age of Colonel
Edmund C. Bainbridge, several touching
incidents i occurred, : which showed the
respect and affection in which he was held
by the officers, and enlisted men of his
old regiment, the Third United States
Artillery.
The officers of the regiment presented
him with a beautiful silver salad bowl and
the soldiers a handsome gold-headed cane.
In thanking the latter, as they, were in
lormally drawn *| up v the colonel said
a few words in farewell, and as he turned
to leave the parade was enthusiastically
cheered by them, while the band % struck
up "Auld Lang Syne." .On the following
day, when he was leaving the post. Angel
Inland, the soldiers congregated, of them
selves on > the wharf, * and as the steamer
pulled 3 out again ' cheered their beloved
commander. ; ;■ x, 4 , . .v.;. •,■ ;.,',';■; .',"7." : : : , : -,
The colonel and his family are to reside,
at least for the present, in this City. vS;.'
- Colonel Bainbridge entered the : United
States Military Academy from -Virginia in
1852 and served continuously in the army
since hi 3 graduation. ;:; His services during
the Civil War X were distinguished, win
ning - for >' him " the brevets lof major and
1 lieutenant-colonel.
» ♦ — •
:: Dr. Mabel Spencer of Riley County, Kansas
is said to be the only legally appointed woman
\ health officer in the United States, « ■;; - - " ,
HALE W^,.^.,..^^^
A GREAT OUTING SUIT PURCHASE- 3
'."■■, (4Oc ON THE DOLLAR-WHOLESALE VALUE.)
&*&+&& All Skirts Ar« 4'<;> Y^rds Wide and Thoroughly Lined.
Reenlar?7.oo BL.«».K 111 KVH>T"SI!IT."s, cutaway jacket •I. CO Suit —•
Regular 7.50 MIXED TWKED SL ITs braid trimmed...... 3.50 Suit *^
Regular 7.50 KL.a'K BKKUK SUITS, blazer jacket *i.75 Suit 12
Hegiilar 7.50 T\X ALL- WOOL SUITS', fly-front jacket . ... 3.95 Suit -^
Reanlar- 8.50 BLACK CLOTH SUITS, Kton effect.. . .•. ; 4.00 Suit ~^2
Regular 850 BLACK CLO.If SUITS?. Eton jacket, trimmed * 4. st> Suit
Regular 9.00 COMBIX ATION* black and green, fly fr0nt.......... 5.00 Suit —«
i.egulnrlO 50 MOTTLKD s.i:iT*, all woo , Empire effect... 6.00 Suit r2
'■ (The assortment of sizes Is not complete. They are samp c lots: all new and very stylish. — ■•
l oa must come early Tuesday moraine to insure any particular size, j ~^g
rg HGHL a SIfiSAL _£fe SMIL i
CjSjarj SALE.^-^ SALE. . -<3>- SALE- 1
\X^\ Ladies' Fine VO^S\ V Ladies' Fine —^T-^t s Ladies' Fine .^S
/V\ \ PerealeWrap- pNIjfHS . Percale Wra- C ~^m^T ■> )*i.lc •' Shirt —•
/ n* »\ , P hiv thor- //Y™\ pera, elegant V /Til C / Waists,- new -^
/V; \\ ar fD rflt; // 11% Pauerns, a,2 MM 9 3
// / ; \\ same as pic- // \\ wrapper.samo ■ /Mj/// > the *6 kind. "~*
// / \\ tUre // /• \ 83 piciure - "'W/y^K/Cy^ see picture. Z^£
V / \\ 49c w)" V 2Qr Vrl ;v *** Q*> -2
r^V>; Kach. Each. '7] ■• \ ' Each.' ~^*!
SIGNAL SALE SNAPS IN DRESS GOODS. 3
All d«rk coiors. ;-il-lnch. the
S, A^ F en Ire lot (381Va yants) to re
WOOL goon sale. 121/ijc kind. Sig- O
CHALLI Ina! sale . Yard
j (Only UO yds 10 acustomer.)
I-
; HALF |An elegant fabric for 25c, I
I WOOL myrtles, olive, browns and'irC
: CASH- itans, 36-inch. A hummerilU
I SIERE I for Signal .-ale j Yard
Kvery thread pure wool.j
FRENCH black only, very b*-st dye. i 1 OC
SERGE 34-lnch, worth 25c. SlghaljltJ
Sale I Yard
I A strictly a: 1 wool fabric, a
FRENCH bona ride value of 75c, good QQC
BEIGES colors, 46 inches wide. A O«7
leader for Signal Sale Yard
1 A fabric that sold at 50c:
ALL- the d'-aler needed cash; good f}EC
WOOL colots, 38 to 44 inch. The
BEIGES Signal Sale flat; nearer at... Yard
Fancy cheviots in light
ALL- ' spring colors, identical goods
WOOL «old readily at »5c yard. One
CHE- i.ver- production! Presto! Ol
VIOTS _ Signal sale I Yard
SIGNAL SALE SNAPS IN NOTIONS. =S
COTTON HEAD RHS rs— A miscellane-
ous lot, bought in bulk, worth V!sc, "I AC
30c, 36c each, all snap s and six- s, J "
omy a few, so come early. Signal sale. Each
(Limit two to trach customer). >'
1490 YARDS OF FANCY STRIPE
NECK RIBBONS— 3Va Inches wide. lOC
the entire lot to go on sale, worth 25c i-O
to 35c a yard, signal sale Yard
ONE THOUSAND FIVE HUNDRED
LACK COLLARS— Deep Van Dyke 1 010
points, butter color, cheap at 25c X^s4
Signal sale — Each
FANCY TUXEDO NET VEILING, 14 CC
inch, black, white, cream, navy ami 1 O
tan. Signal sale Yard
Reenlar 9c stockinet Dress Shields ....6c
Keguiar liiV&o then Hairpins 5c box
50'J DOZEN LADIES' HANDKER-
CHIEFS—A big purchase for cash,
Swiss embroidered, scallopei edges, QIC
h«-msilched, etc, regular 12 Vie »nd OS
15c. A Signal sale bargain Each
SAY THE CEMENT
IS SURE TO CRACK
United States Engineers Re
port on the City Hall
Roof.
Mayor Phelan Says That the
Commissioners Have Vio
lated the Law.
Hardware Men Testify That the Iron
Used Is Fully Up to Speci
fications.
Mayor Phelan gave the City Hall Com
missioners a quiet intimation at the meet
ing yesterday that they had violated the
law in changing the specifications for the
roof of the hall after the contract had been
let.
Ever since be began an investigation
into the manner in which the roof is being
constructed ■ the Mayor has had the im
pression that the structure is imperfect,
and that when the rains come again leaks
will develop that will cause great damage
to the building.
He employed an expert to report on the
matter, and the result was a statement
that the cement covering of the corru
gated iron would crack under the hot sun
and that in winter :t ; would leak freely.
The other Commissioners, Auditor Broa
erick and City and County Attorney Cres
well, made •objection to the report on the'
ground that it had been made by a man
who, from the nature of bis business, was
naturally opposed :to the style of roof
being built. .
Then Mayor Phelan asked two United
States engineers— Lieutenants Charles L.
Potter and P. S. Rickon — to report on 'the
roof, and the result was made known yes
terday. The reports of the two experts
substantially agreed, that , of Lieutenant
Potter being that the cement finish will
crack and will separate from the galvan
ized iron. He > considers that the beach
sand when wet will corrode the iron, be
cause of the salt. In ; some parts of the
work already done the cement gutter is
not even a continuation of the roof slope
but rests on top of it, giving another sur
face, which the water will readily follow to
the brick wall. ; • -s ,
; Mayor Phelan insisted that these men
could-; not be : mistaken, though others
might have been, and; that 1 - the Commis
sioners should take some cognizance of
the danger of bnildine a faulty roof He
asked what course would be taken with
the reports.
£Vi 'Refer them to the architect," said Mr
Cresweil.
''But will not the Commissioners con
sider them?" asked the Mayor.
_ ' Ota, I don't know,'' saidCreswell ■ T "the
Commissioners did not ask for them "
; Mayor was evidently nettled
and quie ti y aal£ed the Commissioners if
they were not aware that they nad violated
the law when they chanced : the spec n ca .
kSiSdi? guttars * Both denied Buch
The matter did not so any farther, the
HAKE BRO«.
Colored satin stripes on —^
FANCY black satin ground, -a ', -^
DUCHESS fabric worth $i»yad, QC :: 5
SILKS 'for linings, heavy, <lur- 49 — <»
. able. A small quantity Yard ~~^
«»■ . ^- An elegant silk for;"" -*^g
BLACK . trimmings, 21-ln., an-! a(\C — ■•
SATIN tlque designs. ASig-|4U -^*
BIOIRE nat Sale hummer j Yard
„ : A silk thai never sold ~^3*
BLACK less than $1 a yard, es- — «
MOIRE ipecißlly adapt. for OC\<6 ~^t
VELOURS | separate sKlrts. A Di/
j leader of Signal sale. Yard -«g
.»t^,. Every yard in the loT 1 " — •
FANCY worth $1. every color a T^
"WAIST , good one, 4 styles, more — « i
»ILK2> wear to the iach than A»QC — *g
| usual. comes. Signal \JV
i j-alf ;-....| Yard --g"
|One of the lace effect*, —■•
FIGURED so popular this season, ■ -^S
WOOL. black figures; the fab- :^
ETA- .• Iricsold for 50c up to —^
MINE last ni^ht. Thrown in QQC "*S
with the Signal Sale OO _«»
snaps f0r......;... Yard —^
I The sweltest thing this , " ' — **
WORSTED season, new greens, »
CHECK blues, taus, resedas, — •
SHIRTING etc.. etc, was 50c up Q7C ~S
V-a"-. V to last night. In with t3( Z-.S
me Signal Sale snaps.. Yard — *»
■ COATS' SPOOL COTTON— OnIy ZS
60 dozen, so come early, black "-"•
in Mos. 10, 12, 80 and 90, white OC ~^m
in No. .16 only, a snap for ' — -^»
Signal sale Spool -^
( Limit 5 to each customer). ' -^m
BROOKS' SPOOL COT ON-Only -*»
26 dozen in the lot, black only, nc ~~j?
size 16, 80, 90 and 100. Signal A -3
sale , Bpool 1^
(Limit 5 to each customer). 7r
432 NEW IDEA DRESS PAT- =^5
TERNS— Ladies' Waists and ; pre —
Child m's Dresses, come early D ~*^
for these. signal sale... .". Each — «
MILLINERY FLOWERS — Rose ■ ■ ' ■ ; = 5
sprays, 'birds and foliage, the O"C — *»
kind we sold for 35c and 50c. *-0 "~" 3
or signal sjle Bunch — m>
SILK BELTS— Fancy colors, sliver OCC = «
buckles, 2 inches wide, bought -wt) —«m
at sacrifice. Signal sale ,' ■ Each ~*g
CANVAS BELTS— Black or white, CO —^
metal buckles, for tennis suits, • > — -^
. outing suits, etc Signal sale... Each —^
uuauuaiiiiiuiiuuiuiaiiiiii^
Mayor refraining from pressing his point.
Later, he explained that the act providing
for tne raising of funds for the roof ex
pressly states that r.o changes in the plans
or specifications shail be made after the
contract is let.
The complaint oi the metal-roofers that
the iron that is being used in the roof is
not up to specifications was taken up, and
representatives of Hoi brook, Merrill &
Stetson, George W. Gibbs and Dunham,
Carrigan & Hayden testified that the iron
was fully up to specifications. They msde
tests on the roof, and reported that there
wa? no foundation for the complaint.
SANBORN, VAILS PlCtflO.
The Employes Will Hold a Private
Outing To-Morrow.
The employes of Sanborn, Vail & Co.
will hold their annual outing at San
Rafael Park to-morrow.
As the affair is strictly invitational, a
large and select gathering is expected.
The committee in charge has arranged a
vaudeville programme and also games to
entertain their invited friends.
Open to Stanford on Wednesday.
The San Francisco and San Joaquin Railroad
will be open for business to Hanford on
Wednesday morning. It was hoped to do it
before, but the officials were unahle to m>t
their freight schedulp otu in time.
HEW TO-DAT.
**••••*••*•**•*•••**•*••♦•
* "THE CREDIT HOUSE" J
J' v . ■ ~* v '" l - r " "-' ■*
I Parlor Set |
{ Of 5 Pieces— J
* Sofa, Rocter, Easy Chair, Reception*'
.. Chair, Corner Chair, in solid oak. *
4c Spring seats, strongly upholstered J
* ; and covered in. handsome patterns
* of silk brocatelle. The quality is *■
* > miles above the price— " *'?.
I «* $17.50;
i .■ . • ■■ - ■■ ■ %
* Bedroom Set of 7 Pieces— Bed. Bu- *
* reau, Washstand. Rocker, 2 Chairs ♦
5 and f Small; Table. Larce bevel- J
plate mirror, 20x24, on bureau —
! "..:.;■ $12.75?
I'■■■ - ■ ' '■■ ' ' '- — ' :
* £•* HOUSES FURNISHED COMPLETE, i
* CITY OR COUNTKY. *
I. . \ "— ' ; '' -*
* M. FRIEDMAN & CO. J
5 "'■•■■' • (7 immense floors). *.
{ 233-235-237 POST ST., ♦
* 130-132-134 MORTON; ST., i
T ■.' . (Near Stockton). *
J iV- OPEN EVENINGS, J
ft************************ *