VOLUME LXXXI.-NO. 58.
FLAMES SWEEP A
BUSINESS BLOCK
Merchants in Philadelphia
Lose Heavily by a
Big Fire.
John Wanamaker Saves His
Establishment by His o<vn
Private Brigade.
Intensely Cold Weather Interferes
With the Efforts of the F.iemen
to Check the Confl gration.
PHILADELPHIA, Pa.., Jan. 26.— One of
' most destructive fires that have visited
tiiia city in recent years broke out shortly
before 7 o'clock this morning in the whole
sale and retail grocery-stora of Hanscom
Brothers, 1317 Market street. This firm
occupied a portion of the larce building of
Hirsch & Brothers, umbrella manufac
turers, which extended from 1309 to 1317
Market street.
The flames spread rapidly throughout
the building and to the adjoining proper
ties all of which were occupied by mer
cantile establishments. The location is
in the heart of the city, and diractly op
posite the Hirsch building was the exten
sive and famous establishment of John
Wanamaker, and within a few hunered
yards stands the spacious City Hall.
In addition to the thousand or more
employes of Wanamaker's, wnich include
several hundred girls, there were many
thousand other toilers at (he time moviig
toward thsir respective places of business,
and the result was that the streets in the
vicinity socn became choked with im
mense surginc crowds. The proximity of
the City Hall also adued to the crowd the
great army of city clerks and other
officials.
Mayor Warwick, Director of Public
Works Thompson and other executive
officers at onre began the direction of the
police and riremen. The weather was in
tensely cold, and this in 'a measure de
terred the efforts of the firemen in check
ing the flames. The Wanamaker estab
lishment was at one time in flames on the
Market-street front, but a detail oF fire
men was quickly put to work on the
building and soon checked the progress of
the fire there. The entire block on the
south side of Market street from Thir
teenth to Juniper and from Market to
Filbert is practically in ruins. .
The fire started in a bakery which was
. cS ty Hanhcoio Bios, in connection
:h their grocery-store, and which -was
-ocated in the basement thereof. Hans
com Bros, occupied a portion ot the lower
floor and basement of the six-story build
ing used by Hirsch Bros., extensive um
brella manufacturers, and the flames were
first seen by an employe of the latter firm.
Two employes of the bakery, dazed from
the effects of the smoke, were rescued and
taken to a drugstore which was subse
quently destroyed. The Hirsch building
was also occupied by Dennett's restau
rant, where thirty waitresses were em
ployed, ail of whom escaped in safety.
Hirsch Bros, utilized a portion of the
lower part of the structure and ail of the
upper stories as a salesroom and manu
factory, nearly 500 hands, a large per
centage of them women and girls, being
employed.
Owinsr to the early hour, however, but
six workmen were in the place and they
left before the fie became general. The
intensely cold weather and a high wind
was a barrier to the riremen, and although
six Blarms were sonnded, and about ail
of the city's fire apparatus soon appeared
on the scene, the flames spread with
alarming rapidity. In half an hour the
whole block of business establishments
from Thirteenth to Juniper and Market
to Filbert streets were in danger of des
truction. The fireman worked heroically,
but their efforts were futile. The spray
from the streams of water fell on them
and froze, huge icicles were formed on the
walls and roof of t!ie burning structures.
Atßo'ciockit was clearly evident that
the block was doomed, and some atten
tion was turned to surrounding property.
At this time the wind carried the blazing
embers across tc Wanamaker's store and
the clock tower was soon ablaze.
The fire engines did not have sufficient
force to send the water to the tower, and
alter burning some minutes it fell. The
lire iher; communicated to the roof, but it
■< was held in check, and in comparatively
little time was practically extinguished.
The Market-street front of the store was
badly damaged.
At 9 o'clock, while the flames were Rt
their height, Chief of the Fire Department
Baxter sent two engines to the vicinity of
Filbert and Juniper streets, and several
lines of hose were run into Silver street, a
small thoroughiare between Market and
Filbert streets, and directly in the rear of
the Market-street properties. The firemen
Btationed there did efficient work to pre
vent the flames from spreading to the
building occupied by the Dunlap Printing
Company and the Collins Carriage Com
pany. The crowd saw the walls totier,
and cried for the firemen to run for their
lives.
The brave and ice-covered workers
Btarted lo run. but two of them were
struck by the debris and severely hurt.
The Market-street front of the Hirsch
building fell at about 8:30 o'clock, but no
one was hurt. The flames raged fiercely
nnti! 11 o'clock, when they were under
control. The HirsCh building was owned
by the Henry C. Gibson estate. The
streets in the vicinity were covered w'th
ice, and the trolley and otber wires m the
vicinity were broken down. The efficient
police reguiations, however, in keeping
the crowd at a distance prevented possible
accident? by contact with wVes.
Mr. Wanamaker carries his own insur
t ance. When it was feared that his estab
lishment would also be doomed, 600 of the
employes were organized into brigades
and under Mr. Wanamaker's personal
direction they beean preparing for the
worst. The fire was confined to the roof
and tower, however, because of the cour
ageous work of the firemen.
The lunchrooms in the establishment
were thrown open to the firemen and me ,
The San Francisco Call
FATHER DRYDEN Favored Exterminating the Pestiferous Quail
That Robbed His Constituents of Their Little Crops. The
Amendment Was Lost.
employes, and hot coffee was served to
the fire-workers. John A. Felt, who was
employed at Ivins, Deitz & Magee's car
pet-store, 1217 Market street, hall a block
from the scene of the fire, dropped dead
this morning. While the flames were
raging the work of carrying out goods was
begun, and it was while assisting in this
work that Felt dropped dead.
In the midst of the intense excitement
and while nearly all the firemen were en
gaged at the great conflagrations, two
alarms came from other sections of the
city. One at 10:05 o'clock came from
Archer and Pine streets, and another at
10:25 came from Franklin and Callowhill.
These fires, however, were extinguished
with slight damage.
Mrs. Hall, janitor of the building 1312
Filbert street occupied the fourth story
back room with her two children, Mary
aged 4 years and Adam aged 2 years. All
were asleep when the fire was discovered
anu were aroused just in time to save their
lives.
The two firemen who were injured by
the falling walls while engaged in hghl- <
ing the fire from Filbert street were Wil
liam J. Gorman aged 32 years, assistant
loreman of company No. 1, and Frank
Piper, 36 years of age, a hoseraan. Gor
man was severely injured abont the head
and burned on the neck by flying embers, !
and Piper was struck on the back by fall- j
ing bricks and had his shoulder contused.
Several other firemen were overcome by
the smoke and stili others were affected by
the intense cold and had to be taken to
hospitals for treatment. Every hospital
in the city sent an ambulance to the scene
of the fire and many representatives of
the medical emergency corps were on the
ground prepared to render medical aid.
The principal losers are: Hirsch &
Bros., umbrellas; Hansconi Bros., grocers,
and A. W. Dennett, restaurant, 1309 to
1317 Market street, buiiding total loss:
loss on buildings and contents, $300,000.
The loss to the three tenants and business
is fully covered by insurance.
The building 1319 Market street, occu
pied by Henry Pium & Bros., loss on
building and contents, $250,000; fully cov
ered by insurance. The Dunlap building,
1306 to 1310 Filbert street, owned by John
Wanamaker; loss on building, $50,000;
insurance, $35,000. The building was oc
cupied by numerous tenants, the principal
losers among whom are the Dunlap Print
ing Company, whose loss is covered by an
insurance of $68,000; the Wilbur Printing
Company, loss covered by an insurance of
$10,000; the Collins Carriage Company,
loss $10,000; fully covered by insurance;
John Wanamaker's sLores on Market
street, $100,000; loss mostly by water;
covered oy private insurance.
The Joseph Harrison Jr. estate owns
1301, 1303, 1305, 1307 and 1325 Market
street, the rear of 1327 and 1329 Mar
ket street, the rear of 25 and 27 North
Juniper street and 6, 8, 10, 12, 14, 16, 18 and
20 North Thirteenth street Most of
GUSTAVE POHLMANN, Author of the Bill to Issue Bonds for
the Extension of the Seawall*
SAN FRANCISCO, WEDNESDAY MORNING, JANUARY 27, 1897.
these were small buildings, and were
badly gutted, but the loss was pretty well
covered by insurance. These buildings
were occupied mostly by small tenants in
a small line of business, and most of them
carried lines of insurance nearly sufficient
to cover their losses. The losses were dis
tributed among so many that only an
approximate idea of the tdtal loss could be
gathered, but the greater part is covered
by insurance. The total loss will probably
not exceed $1,000,000.
FORTY FIRES IS CHICAGO.
One Was of a Very Serious Aature, and
Ten Persons Were Injured.
CHICAGO, li-1., Jan. 26.— During a de
structive tire in the 6-story structure at
196. 198, 200 and 202 Monroe street, occu
pied exclusively by wholesale firms, ten
persons were seriously injured, seven of
i whom were firemen. Three of them will
probably die.
The injured— Jerry O'Rourke, fireman,
caught under falling wall, both legs broken
and breast crushed, will probably die;
William J. Workaman, fireman, caught
under the wall, back injured and hip in
jured, may die; James Shanahan, fire
man, internally injured aad spise hurt,
may die; Jerry Kedcroit. fireman, legs se
riously crushed by falling wall; Patrick
Ryan, fireman, struck by failing wall, in
ternal injuries and ankle crushed, will re
cover; Andrew Geoghan, fireman, fell
from fire-escape, and left ankle broken;
Fire Captain Barker, burned about hands,
i face and shoulders; William Watson, leg
! broken ; John Watson, seriously bruised ;
j Ross, 14 years old, burned by a falling
| brand.
The structure, with its contents, was
almost entirely destroyed by the flames,
I and th? loss is estimated at not less than
I $330,0C0. The building alone, the prop
; erty of W. M. Williams, is damaged to
j the'extent of $150,000.
The other loss by the fire is distributed
among ten firms: Wurzberger Bros.,
! wholesale dealers in woolens and under
wear; J. H. Foster & Sons, trimmings and
woolens; Townsend & Yale, dealers in
I ladies' jackets; the Continent Shoe Com
pany; the Pickwick Clothing Company;
A. M. Stewart & Co., clothing and dry
goods; the National Rubber Company;
the Eureka Silk Company.
The atock3 of these various concerns are
entirely lost. The losses are fully covered
by insurance. •
The fire originated on the first floor of
the butlding, which was occupied by
Wurzberger Bros. When discovered flames
were bursting from a dozen windows, and
in a few moments the west half of the
building was enveloped in flames. A lire
wall divided the buildings, but only
afforded a temporary barrier to the flames.
The flames spread rapidly over the struc
ture.
The upper two stories of the west wall
Continued on Second Page.
PILOTS WILL NOT
LIKE THIS PLAN
Proposed Reduction in Their
Fees in San Francisco
Harbor.
Merchants and Ship-Owners Pre
test Against Injustices Under
the Present Law.
Legislators Asked to Pass a Bill That
Will Help Commerce at
This Port
• SACRAMENTO, CAi.., Jan. 23.—
was a great day for tbe San Francisco
committee on commerce sent here to pre
sent the needs of San • Francisco, in the
matter of pilotage reforms before the joint
Commerce Committee of the Legislature.
The session lasted two hours and a half,
and the passage of each, minute percepti
bly strengthened the position of the San
Francisco commercial delegation. • -
Hugh Craig acted as spokesman for his
colleagues and was ably seconded by C. E.
Naylor. While .no definite action was
taken by the , Legislative committee to
night, the evidence in the shape of facts
and figures presented by Craig and his
associates appeared so striking that it was
only a sense of fairness to the pilots and
Pilot Commissioners that prevented the
committee from at once deciding to recom
mend the reform measure for passage. .
The first: bill considered was that ap
propriating $75,000 for the construction
and equipment of a fireboat with a speed
of not less than twenty statute miles per
hour, a pumping capacity of not less than
8000 gallons per minute and a draught of
not more than seven feet when loaded and
equipped for service.
It was explained shat the light; draught
and high speed were necessary in order
that the fireboat might be available for
use at Stockton and Sacramento and other
inland points where it might be of service.
It was decided to report the bill favorably.
Senator Gleaves' measure relative to
pilots, Pilot Commissioners and pilotage
was next considered. The bill reduces the
number of Pilot Commissioners at San
Francisco from three to one, and the Com
missioner, as well as the pilots appointed
by. him, ; is required to hold certificates
from the board of examiners of the Cham
ber of Commerce. It further provides for
two classes of pilots, general and special.
•The former are those to be directly carter
control of the Pilot Commissioner, while
masters and mates of American ships and
masters of .tugboats are to be known as
special pilots. The license fee is fixed at
$10 per annum, j and .the j license can be
renewed from year to year by the payment
of $2 50 for each renewal. 'r r>>
it was when the section referring to the
compensation of pilots came under dis
cussion that . general interest became
aroused. This section reads as follows: j
Every general pilot of the harbors of San
Francisco, Mare Island,' Vallejo and Benicla
must render an account each day, or as often
as practicable,, to the Pilot Commissioner, of
each and all vessels to which or for which ho
has rendered service, and the pilotage there
for must be charged up and collected by the
said Commissioner, who shall deposit the same
with the State Treasurer. The Commissioner
shall draw by warrant upon the State Treas
urer, specifying the purpose, for the necessary
expenses of : the pilots, boats and office ex
penses, not to exceed $200 per month salary
for each general pilot licensed and actually
rendering services that produce an income
equal to such salary $200 per month saiary
tor the Commissioner; $100 per month for the
secretary; $40 per month rent and sundries,
and $500 per month for the use, maintenance
and repair of each pilot boat in actual service,
not to exceed four. Any surplus remaining
shall go to the State public school funa.
After this had been read Hugh Craig
read from a communication which had
been received - irom the secretary of the
Pilot Commissioners. This gave a review
of the pilot business in and out of the
harbor of San Francisco for the past
fifteen years. This showed that the four
pilot-boats now in service at San Francisco
were the private property of the pilots
and that their average cost was about
$18,000, and -that the average monthly
earnings of each of the twenty pilots en
gaged in the service was $329 88. He
showed farther 'from the statement re
ceived from the Pilot Commissioners that
these earnings were made after rebates
amounting to nearly one-half of the gross
earnings were made to local shipowners.
This discriminaiion, he averred, was made
in order to retain the friendship and aid
of the San Francisco shipowners when
necessity such as the present occasion cre
ated arose for their kindly services.
In response to some questions by Sena
tor Braunhart, a member of the Senate
Committee on Commerce, ■ Craig stated
that ample provision was made in the
measure under consideration for the valu
able services of the pilots by paying them
a salary of $200 a month, and that ample
returns were made them for the money
they had invested in their pilot- boats by
allowing them $6000 a year for each boat.
This allowance, he stated, gave them a net
return of $2400 a year on an investment of
$18,000. ' '' : Bi^£ft
Senator Braunhart still sought enlight
enment. He stated that several times be
fore similar measures had been before the
Legislature,' but each time they had failed
of passage. He explained that such meas
ures were generally referred to by a pe
culiar term by the press and no member
cared to be under suspicion of favoring
such a measure. He asked Craig ' why
such a bill was now again submitted, in
view of the past history of its prede
cessors. "'• ; •■
In his sweetest tones and manner Craig
re plied that never, before had tbe best
co mmercial element of San Francisco had
an opportunity of applying to such an in
telligent and able body of < legislators.
When the -laugh; at Braunhart's expense
had subsided Craig further explained that
there. was really no need for; pilots ' in ;t he
harbor. of; San f Francisco.. He said the
harbor was -so well s guarded by fi lights
and signals that . the insurance people
would charge no more for covering a ves
sel that did not engage a pilot than for
one that did. .:-. : -■;..( '• '; ■ •:.', ,"f
C. E. Naylor said that in his opinion
YOUNG MR. MAHONEY of San Francisco and His Contested
Seat.
there should be free competition in the
pilotage business at the port of San Fran
cisco, and that if this was brought about
there would be a clear saving of $78,000 to
the State. He added that the measure
under consideration was in reality a con
cession to the pilots.
Georee E. Plumer, who has been man
ager of six vessels for fifteen years, said
that only on three occasions did any of
his vessels have to employ a pilot, and
that yet he had been compelled 10 pay
large sums annually to the pilots for
services which they had never performed.
C. E. Nay lor followed this line of argu
ment by stating that he bad letters from
San Francisco ship-owners, showing that
they had paid from $1100 to $19,000 a year
lor compulsory pilotage, and for services
which had never been performed.. He de
clared that in this showing the present
law would certainly be declared to be un
constitutional, if brought to a test.'
Craig again took up the argument, when
the following section was under considera
tion:
The following shall be the rates of pilotage
into or out of the harbor of San Francisco: All
vessel 8 under 500 tons, $3 per foot draught;
all vessels over 500 tons, $3 per foot draught,
and 2 cents per ton for each and every ton
, net registered measurement, in all casts
where Inward-bound vessels are not spoken
until inside the bar the rates of pilotage above
provided shall be reduced 50 per cent. Any
vessel, the master or mate of which holds a
special pilot's license and which displays the
requisite signal, or that is in tow of a steam
tugboat, the master of which is a licensed spe
cial pilot, or that is engaged in the whaling or
fishing trades, shall be exempt from all pilot
age at any port in this State, unless a general
Dilot be actually emgoyed, and all provisions
of law to the contrary are hereby repealed.
This he declared was the most im
portant clause in the whole bill, and was
designed to free the commerce of San
Francisco from the incubus which now
oppressed it and which for many years
past has driven the foreign trade that
rightfully belonged to San Francisco to
otber ports.
The present rates of pilotage are $5 per
foot draught for vessels under 500 tons,
and $5 per foot draught and 4 cents per
ton for each ton net registered measure
ment for vessels over 500 tons. He con
cluded by explaining the great saving that
would result from the enforcement of this
section, by cheapening the cost of actual
pilotage service and by doing away with
pilotage altogether where a vessel was
being towed in by a tugboat and where
the master or mate of a vessel held a spe
cial licence as pilot.
After all who desired had been heard
Senator Mahoney moved that the whole
matter lie over until to-morrow night at 8
o'clock, in order to give the Pilot Com
missioners a ciiance to be heard. The
motion was carried.
IX SESAIi: A Xl* ASSEMBLY.
Withington Makes an Apology to Bulla
a n't la forgiven.
bACRAMENTO, Cal., Jan. 26.— Senator
MR. WRIGHT of Berkeley, Chairman of tfc Comirittee on Fobic
Buildings and Land?*
Withington apologized before the Senate
this miming for his charges against BuJla
yesterday. Bui la accepted the apology.
Brannhart's bill reducing streetcar fares
in San Francisco between certain hours
to 2]4 cents, was reported back by the San
Francisco delegation with a favorable re
port.
A resolution by Morehonse appointing
a committee of three to visit the Home
for Feeble-minded in Santa Clara, in com
papy with Governor Bndd, was adopted.
The project under consideration is to use
the building a3 a reformatory for the girls
now at the Whittier Reform School. The
committee is composed of Franck, More
house and Androuß.
The Committee on Constitutional
Amendments reported favorably on the
woman's suffrage amendment.
At the afternoon session the bill appro
priating $75,000 for the use of the State
Printing Office was passed aud sent to the
Assembly.
Senate bill providing for the destruction
of municipal bonds of cities of the fifth
class, where the same remain unsold, was
passed.
Senate bill conferring powers upon cities
of the first class to erect municipal hospi
tals, was also passed.
Senate bill providing for the employ
ment of Japanese interpreters in criminal
courts of cities of 100,000 inhabitants, was
amended on motion of Bart, to read cities
of the first class. Braunhart's amend
ment to fix tbe salary at $100 per month,
instead of $150, was voted down.
Doty's bill providing for the erection of
monuments to the veterans of the Mex
ican War in the Sacramento City Ceme
tery, was killed by the Senate's refusal, on
motion of Smith ot Kern, to permit third
reading.
Several other bills received second read
ing. Adjourned.
In the Assembly to-day the Senate reso
lntion asking Congress for a protective
fruit tariff and Assembly resolution re
garding Hawaii were adopted.
The joint resolution referring to Cuban
recognition was passed on the tile.
Two hours were spent in discussing
bills from the Fish and Game Committee
relating to ibe closed season for salmon
and doves. Several amendments offered
by Shanahan were voted down and the
bill was ordered to a third reading.
Another long discussion occurred over
Chynoweth's bill to limit tbe number of
employes of the Legislature. A number
of amendments were made and the bill
was referred to the Committee on At
taches.
Soward's bill relating to town lands
granted under the act of 1867 was passed.
Tne Committee on Hospitals made a
report on its trip of inspection, commend
ing the management of the institutions
visiied. Adjourned.
Voting for Son liiego Belle*.
SAN DIEGO, Cal., Jan. 26.— Balloting
for goddess of the water carnival began
to- ay. It promises' to become vefV ex
citing. Tweuty candidates are already in
the field.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
LIVELY DEBATES
AS TO ECONOMY
Legislators Who Would Do
Away With Temporary-
Organization.
Duckworth Is Yet Too 111 to
Appear Before the Investi
gating Ccmmittee.
Sptak r Ccombs Decides That All
the Evidence Must Be Taken
in Public
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Jan. 28.— The
matter ot providing for ihe reorganization
of future sessions of the Assembly was
made the subject of a li7ely debate in the
House this morning. It came up on the
special orders when Chynoweth's bill was
reached. The bill limited the number of
attaches to be employed on prelimi
nary organization. The reading of the
bill was the signal for a member, once
well known as a Democrat but who a
short time ago drifted into oblivion on
the mud scow of Populism, to rise and
move an impossible amendment for toe
purpose of being in harmony with his
Quixotic environment.
Mehckof Los Angeles, a newspaper man
whose voice ene:.li aloud in the wilderness
of the Mojave desert near Laucas.ter, op
posed the amendment. "The law as it
stands," he said, "may be good enough
for Populists, but it is not good enough
ior Republicans. Tne gentleman says
that there is no need of temporary or
ganization. Whether that be s.o or not,
we find in looking over the history of past
sessions of the Legislature that there have
been times when for weeks aud nearly a
month the temporary organization waa
prolonged. At the time of Mr. Stanford's
election to the United States Senate we
know that the temporary organization
was held for seventeen days, and there
have been other times when it was even
impossible to organize at aIL This bill
provides for twenty-four attaches in the
Assembly. They are absolutely needed to
carry on the business of tne House."
Mr. Waymire said that the bill would
give to the organization of the Assembly
ample power in the selection of its clerics
and other officers. The bill would pre
vent abuses such as bad been noted in the
past.
The object of the bill, Valentine said,
was to take the matter out of tbe bands
of the Speaker.
'•The power of appointing the attaches
should be taken out of the hands of the
Speaker," continued Valentine, "because
it was a power that was likely to be
abused. It had been abused two years
ago and it had been abused at this session.
The selection of the attaches by the chief
clerk is wrong in principle and pernicious
in practice. The Assembly should ap
point its own employes. We don't need a
wholearmy of temporary and permanent
attaches for the use of the temporary or
ganization."
Chynoweth took the floor and in bis
most impressive manner begged the House
to vote down the amendment. The
amendment would leave the law exactly
as it was, and would allow the Legislature
at tne next session to repeat the scandals
which have agitated the present session.
On motion of Xreacy the whole subject
matter and all tbe bills relating thereto
were referred to the committee.
There was Duckworth talk in the air all
the morning and a disquieting rumor that
at least two members of the committee
were in favor of conducting the investiga
tion in the dark. There was more than
rumor in it, as the newspaper corre
spondents learned, and a committee of
reporters waited upon Speaker Coombs
and asked him whether be haa agreed
that the proceedings should be of the
star-chamber whitewash variety, and he
replied that he would not consent to have
the investigation held in any but a public
manner, and furthermore, that he would
use all the influence in his power to have
the investigation held with open doors.
The committee of investigation met at
3p. m.. Judge Waymire presiding. Chyn
oweth produced the temporary roll, and
on r equest of Emnions the committee
authorized the chairman to issue a
subpena for S. J. Duckworth to appear
and produce all written requests and other
evidence, documenary and otherwise,
bearing upon the matter of the appoint
ment of temporary employes.
R. R. Duckworth announced that bis
brother was still confined to his bed ana
unable to appear; that his physician had
consented that he might go out to-morrow
for exercise, and that if strong enough at
that time he would attend the meeting.
The subpena accordingly was issued sub
ject to the certificate of Mr. Duckworth's
physician.
North of Alameda was called to the
stand and said that lie bad been informed
that among the papers in his possession
was a document containing a list of ap
pointees in Duckworth's own handwriting.
Chynoweth suggested that tue witness
sihould produce the papers instead of tell
ing the committee of what he bad been
informed, and North replied that the
papers were under his control, locked in a
safe uptown. He aked that he should be
subpenaed to produce the papers, be not
desirin«r to volunteer any evidence.
Belshaw of Contra Costa came next.
The letter pre«entei vo the commitr»e by
my to take Hood's Sarsaparilla, becanse ''lOO
Doses One Dollar" is peculiar to and true oniy
of Hood's. Keep yourself healthy by taking
Sarsaparifla
Which builds up and strengthens the system
Hood's PillS cure LiTer "Js; 1 easy~to~Uki
euj to operate. 25&2
him was read by Chynoweth. It was to
the effect that three of Duckworth's em
ployes had not been present in Sacra
mento on the day of the temporary or
ganization, but on the contrary were in
Monterey. iJelshaw said that he did not
know Thomas Doud, the writer of the let
ter, and had never seen the original roll.
Breiling of Alameda identified the tem
porary roll. He said that he had asked Duck
worth to assist him in raakine up the roll.
Duckworth told him to copy tbe names of
attaches out of the journal and to allow
them seven days' pay; that such had been
the course pursued by the Legislature two
years ago. The witness employed Ed J.
Smith and R. R. Duckworth to assist him
in making up the roll, and they found
i hat there was a typographical error.
There were several names of persons ap
pointed by the chief clerk that had
been omitted from the journal by a mis
take of the printer. It was found that
the name of M. A. Kearney was on the
list and not in the journal as printed.
Several other errors of the same kind
were also f und.
Breiling proceeded to teli how he had
withdrawn the whole report for further
consideration by the committee. On
January 5 the report as corrected was
printed in tbe journal. It was generally
understood that the attaches on the list
had performed the duties for which they
were paid. The Committee on Mileage
made no investigation; they were there
simply to fix the mileage without Daying
any regard to the salaries.
The witness did not authorize anybody
to write the name of Ella Bateman on the
report. She was the wife of Andy
Brand). He did not know who put the
name on the list/
Emmons asked: "You have stated that
Duckwor.h told you to put some addi
tional names on because there was some
kicking on account ot certain parties not
having been taken care of."
"He told me," replied Breiling, "that
he had appointed those names, but that
they had been left out of the journal by
the printer."
"That was after the Speaker was
elected?" su gested Enimons.
"Yes," Breiling responded, "but whether
he appointed these men after the election
of the Speaker or before, that I cannot
6ay."
The followine names, added to the roll
after the acpointment of the Speaker,
were read and noted by the committee:
T. W. Measure, electrician, $35; R. A.
White, gatekeeper, $28; W. A. Reyner,
gatekeeper, $4; W. Howard, page, $21; W.
C. Doraey, page, $21; E. McLean, page,
$21; Delos Curtis, doorkeeper, $28; S. F.
King, doorkeeper, $_'S; Miss M. Bertola,
assistant history clerk, $35; J. "C. Wil
liams, file clerk, $35; J. Ashley, porter,
$28; W. Hopkins, pege, $21.
The committee adjourned, subject to
the call oi* the chair.
XO ZOTE FOR THE LARKS.
Assembl'jtnan Price Declares They Are
an Enemy to Crops.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Jan. 26.— The
mellow warbling of the joyous meadow
lark, caroling in the shade of the redwoods
and among the vine and olive-clad slopes '
of Forestville, delights not the heart of
Assemblyman Price. When he awakens
in the morning and says his prayer, the j
sons of tbe lark drives pious thoughts out
of his mind. He h ars a million of them j
singing sweetly to their mates, while wax- j
; ing fat on his cherries and peaches in the
orchard, and the desire to murder is strong
, within his bosom.
So when Way mire of Alameda made a
pretty speech in the Assembly this morn
ing, telling his fellow-members from the
hills and dales and streams and groves
that the meadow-lark is the sweetest of
all the feathered songsters we know, that
its carol soothes the traveler passing by
and causes the plow horse to kick up his
heels at the plowboy, Mr. Price grew red
and pale by turns.
"Mr. Speaker, Mr. Speaker," and Mr.
. Speaker heard the call and recognized the
; gentleman from Sonoma as soon as Way
mire had taken his seat, with a coun
tenance exhibiting signs of a good deed
well done.
Then Price grabbed the bird idol of the
American poet, muffled its feathers and
stained its golden breast with gore as he
wrung its neck and cast it down quivering
at the feet of the poetic gentleman from
the city.
"The meadow lark is one of the most
. destructive birds we have. You should
go to Sonoma County and see how they
ruin the fruit and grain crops. They
should not be protected but should be
wiped off the face of the earth."
"I propose an amendment to the bill,
Mr. Speaker," said Dennery of San Fran
cisco.
The clerk read the amendment, which
was to insert in place of "meadow larks"
the words: "Chippies in cities and cities
and counties of the first-class." The dis
cussion was ended by the burst of laughter
which followed, and the meadow lark may
yet be saved.
fwauger Creamer* liurned.
EUREKA, Cal., Jan. 26.— The Diamond
Springs Creamery at fewauger, one of the
largest in Eel River Valley, burned to the
ground at noon to-day. The fire started
in the boiler-room. The Joss is $14,000.
Insurance is $5000. Machinery to the
value of $1000 was saved. - • • .; '■■;
NEW TO-DAY.
THE BEST NATURAL APERIENT WATER,
Bottled at the UJ HUNYADI Springs, Buda Pest, Hungary
Under the absolute control of the Royal Hungarian Chemical InsiituU
(Ministry of Agriculture), Buda Pest.
"We know of no stronger or more favourably. \
constituted Natural Aperient Water than that L Reyed Councillor, m.d., Prejttsm- «f
yttided by the Uj Hunyadi Springs."
{Ministry of Agriculture), Bud* Put.
APPROVED BY THE ACADEMIE DE MEDECDfE. PAEI&
Prices: 15 cents and 25 cents per bottle.
OF ALL DRUGGISTS AND MINERAL WATER DEALERS.
Full Analysis and additional Testimony and Information supplied
by CHS. GRAEF & CO., 32, Beaver Str*-% New York, Sole Agents
° THE APOLLINARIS COMPANY, LIMITED.
SEE that the Label bears the well-known Red Diamond Mark of
The Apollinaris Company, Limited.
EMPLOYED at the City and County Hospital, California
Women's Hospital, German Hospital, St. Luke's Hospital, etc., and
at the LEADING HOSPITALS OF ENGLAND.
BILLS THAT WILL
REQUIRE REVISING
They Threaten All the New
Railroad Enterprises
in the State.
Catting Off Priviieges That Are
Now EDJoyed by the
Southern Pacific.
Peculiarly Worded Measures That
Would Ha-nper the San Jcaquin
Valley Lino.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Jan. 26.— Friends
of the San Jaaquin Valley road say that
there is danger to all new railroad enter
prises in this State in certain bills now be
fore the Assembly. The first is Clark's
Assembly bill 433. already published in
The Call, to the effect that it snail be un
lawful lor the B>ard of Supervisors of any
county to grant any franchise for the con
struction, operation or extension of any
railroad over or upon any or part of any
county road or highway except for the
purpose of crossing the same. As every
traveler well knows a considerable portion
of the Southern Pacific lines run very close
to county roads at many points in the
State, and yet nobody has ever complained
of the contact. The utility of the public
of devoting a narrow strip of broad county
highway to railways is not a new dis-
| covery.
The San Joaquin Valley Railroad is laid
on a part of the county road running out
of Stockton, and no protest against its
operation has ever been raised by the m
j Habitants of the section of the country
penetrated by the railroad. The conces
sion is in tber interest and serves to
cheapen and facilitate the procuring of
rights of way. Obviously enough this is
why opposition to the Valley road is
striving at this time to bar the way. Tbe
Supervisors of San Joaquin, Stanislaus,
Tuoiumne and Calaveras counties are
ready and anxious to co-operate with all
legitimate projects to construct new rail
roads through the respective territories
over which they have jurisdiction.
Aware of this condition of Iffairs, and
that the San Joaquin Valley and Sierra
Pacific companies are seeking to secure
other rights of way in this fashion their
enemies hope to strangle thai bona fide
enterprise by inducing the Legislature to
enact a law prohibiting county Super
visors from granting any franchise "for
j the construction, extension or operation
of any railroad over or upon any or part
of any county road, or hiehway in any
county in the State of California, except
! for the purpose of crossing the same."
Mead's Assembly bi:l 331 amending
j section 359 of the Civil Code seems to be
another effort of the opposition. The
clause prohibiting companies from issuing
' bonds in a total amount greater than
90 per cant of the cost of the corporate
plan v, or property upon the security of
which the bonds are issued will if enacted
render it impossible to borrow the capital
necessary for the completion of any new
competing railroad in this State.
The legal construction to be given to the
wording of tbe proposed ordinance is that
no money can be borrowed until the work
of building a road has been finished and
the actual cost ascertained.
Assembly bill 310, by Dibble, is also ob
jected to by the friends of the Valley road.
It reads as follows:
Sec. 1255. Costs must In all cases be al
lowed to the defendant, and he shall be en
titled to include in his cost bill all payments
made by him to the official reporter for the
transcription of the notes of the evidence
given at the trial, whether such transcription
has been grdered by the court or not, and the
defendant shall also be entitled to recover as
costs a reasonable attorney's fee in the case,
to be fixed by the court.
The original section reads as follows:
"Costs may be allowed or not, and if al
lowed, may be apportioned between the
parties on tbe same or adverse sides, in
the discretion of tne court"
S. D. Woods of Stoctton, on behalf of
the Valley road, and Mr. Bullock, the
projector of the Sierra Pacific road, ar
rived here to-night to look after the bills.
GESERAL LEGISLATION.
Senator Ball Hat a Kill for a Fret
Water- front Market.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Jan 26.-In the
bill introduced to-day by Senator Hall
full provisions are made for the establish
ment ana maintenance of a free public
market on tbe water front of San Fran
ciscb. The text of the measure follows:
The State Board of Harbor Commissioners
shall set apart upon some convenient portion
of tne water front of Ban Francisco a sufficient
number of docks and piers, which must be
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 27, 1897.
contiguous to each other, for the reception of
all perishable products, arriving by rail, boat
or other conveyance, including fruit, vege
tables, eggs, poultry, game, dairy products
and fish, coming luto San Francisco, and shall
permit the Bale of such products thereon, by
or for account of producers only, under such
regulations as may be prescribed by the said
Harbor Commissioners, and as the public con
venience may require.
The docks and piers so set apart for a free
public market shall be as convenient as pos
sible to that portion of the Cfty and County of
San Francisco in which the principal whoe
sale trade in perishable products is now car
ried on, and must be so situated as to be ac
cessible to all water craft ordinarily employed
in carrying such products upon the waters of
San Francisco Bay, aud vessels so loaded shall
have preferenca in docking at said wharves
over others not so engaged.
Cocking room at said piers shall be assigned
without partiality to all vessels engaged In
the transportation of such products, and the
space assigned shall be sufficient to permit
such vessels regularly running upon a route
to receive and discharge their entire cargoes
at such piers if they so desire.
Appropriate space upon the State property
adjoining the piers shall be assigned for car
tracks, sufficient to accommodate the cars of
all lines bringing perishable products into the
City, with sheds ior discharging and unload
ing so far as the space will permit, and the
land belonging to the State, so far as it may
be required, shall be assigned for this purpose
in preference to other purposes.
For the use of these tracks the State Harbor
Commissioners shall prescribe such regula
tions as public convenience may require and
fix the compensation to be paid by the com
panies making use of them for th.s purpose.
The Harbor Commissionen must construct
suitable tramways and tracks or other devices
lor the rapid conveyance of perishable prod
ucts frwin car to boat or other conveyance to
the stalls id the free market and operate the
same.
Ths HaTbor Commissioners shall assign
space wiihin the free market to all producers
of perishable products and all commission
merchants or other agents of proa ucera, who
shall make application therefor and agree to
transact business within said free market
solely for producers' account and under such
regulations as the Harbor Commissioners may
prescribe, provided that commission m.er
chauts shall not occupy space to the exclusion
of producers who desire to sell in said free
market on their own account. Ko rental shall
be charged fur space in the free market. Any
violation of this act, or of the regulations
made pursuant thereof, shall exclude the per
son or firm guilty of sucn violation from the
privileges of selling in the free market during
the pleasure of the Harbor Commissioners,
not exceeding one year, in addition to any
other penalty which may be incurred thereby.
For the payment of the expenses for said free
market the Harbor Commissioners may, in
their judgment, so adjust the tolls as to pro
vide the necessary revenue.
The officers of said free market shall be a su
perintendent and assistant superintendent,
who shall also be secretary, and such othei
employes as the State Board of Harbor Com
missioners may appoint. The salary of all em
ployes of said free market shall be fixed by the
State Board of Harbor Commissioners.
All officers a-d employes of any public mar
ket on the State property are officers and em
ployes of the State, and £hall qualify in the
same manner as other employes, and give such
bonds as the Harbor Commissioners may pre
scribe.
A measure introduced with a view to
military operations in the State was pre
sented Joy Senator Dickinson to-day. It
will also, if passed, result in great benefit
to wheelmen and every one who has occa
sion to drive, ride or walk from one part
of the State to another. Its provisions
follow:
It Is hereby made the duty of the Boards of
Supervisors of the several counties of the State
of California, within ninety days after this act
takes effect, to have a topographical map of
their several counties made by the County
Surveyor, said map to be drawn to a scale of
oue-haf inch to the mile, to be divided into
townships and sections and te exhibit the lo
cation of all roads and highways, bridges,
streams, cities, towns, railroads, level and ele
vated lands and the general topographical
features of the county.
One copy of such map is to be filed with
the Board of Supervisors of each county
and one copy at the Capitol.
A measure to increase the salaries of
certain officers contacted with the San
Francisco Fire Department was submitted
by Senator B°rt. It provides that the fol
lowing shall be tha salaries paid after the
passage of the bill: Chief engineer, $5000;
assistant chief engineer, $3600; secretary or
clerk, $3000; assistant engineers, $2100;
veterinary surgeons, $1800. The salaries
paid at present are: Chief engineer,
$3000; assistant chief engineer, $2400:
clerk, $1800; assistant engineers, $1800!
These salaries have not been changed
since 1878, where there were but twenty
one companies in San Francisco. There
are now fifty. The office of veterinary
surgeon is one to be newly created by the
bill.
Senator Pedlar presented a measure to
day which has threefold purpose in view.
It extends the rights of savings and loan
institutions in the matter of investing
their funds by permitting them to pur
chase and hola school-district bonds and
warehouse receipts for grain actually on
storage. He anticipates that this, by
bringing savings banks into competition
with commercial banks, will tend to se
cure better terms on loans obtained by
farmer?, and will also create a better
market lor the sale of school-district
bonds.
Treacy's Assembly bill 492 amends the
act governing the rock-crushing plant at
Folsom by providing that no crushed rock
shall be used in any of the streets of any
city or town, except in front of property
belonging to the State.
Fohlman has introduced No. 493 pro
viding for the relief of volunteer firemen
who may be disabled during active service.
It reads as follows:
Section 1. In any municipality having a
volunteer fire aepartment it shall be the duty
of the Board of Trustees or other governing
body, in its annual tax levy, to set apart an
amount equal to a per capita tax of $3 for
each active fireman on the roll of membership
of such department, who shall be thereon at
the time of the fixing of the annual tax levy,
and have so been for a period of not less than
one year immediately prior to such tax levy.
Sec. 2. A board of relief is hereby created
to consist of three trustees, to be annually
elected by said Fire Department.
Sec. 3. The duties of such hoard of relief
shall be to pass upon all claims for relief for
disabilities occurring during active service,
and shall have power to dra|r warrants pay
able from the said relief fund in amounts not
to exceed fifty dollars (S3O) at any one time.
S?c. 4. The chief engineer, in addition to
his usual duties, shall make an annual report
to the said trustees or other governing body at
such time as other annual reports of muni
cipal officers are made setting forth the con
dition of the department, number of fires at
tended, etc., etc. , and a complete list of the
active membership of said Fire Department,
from which list the per capita tax levy shall
be computed.
Sec. 5. Within the meaning of this act no
department shall consist of less than two \2)
companies.
Bee. 6. In addition to the chief engineer and
trustees, such fire department shall selectsuch
other officers as may be prescribed by the laws
of said Fire Department.
Sec 7. The amount collected and set apart
to be known as the fireman's relief fund shall
be paid to the Treasurer of such town and by
him placed to the credit of such relief fund,
only to be disbursed upon an order or orders
properly attested by the said Fire Department.
Canavan's bill 494 provides that all imi
tations of butter or caeese shall be plainly
marked on the package with the words
"substitute for butter" or "substitute for
cheese," as the case may be, in printed
letters in plain rooian type of a size not
smaller than pica, an inch high and naif
an inch wide, with the name and address
of the manufacturer, the name of the
place where manufactured or put up, and
the names and actual percentages of the
various ingredients used in the manufac
tures.
' ' :- - ~ — ""• — — ~
TO ORDER A. CHAAGE OF GRADE.
Favorable Action on the Bill Giving the
Sup*r*i*or* M re Power.
SACRAMENTO, . Cal., Jan. 26. — The
Assembly Committee on Municipal Cor
porations held a protracted meeting this
evening to consider Dibble's bill con
ferring power upon the Board of Super
visors to order a chans» of grade of any
street in San j Francisco notwithstanding
the protest of any one owner of property
abutting on the grade.
Ex-Superintendent of Schools Denman,
Attorney Rosenthal and others addressed
the committee. It appeared from their
statements that under the law as it now
stands the protest of one property-owner
can prevent a change of grade. Denman
said that it was the wish of the majority
of property-holders in the business part
of the City to have the streets leading to
the City front as nearly level as possible
in order to facilitate the work of teams in
hauling merchandise, etc.
The residents and business people on
Polk street and Van Ness avenue wanted
a straig.it road -to the 'wharves; but they
were blocked by one or two property
owners. Rincon Hill should be cut
through, als<\ he paid, and all business
streets should be graded either level or
not more than a 5 per cent grade. Polk
street had several hogbacks which should
be cut down and hollows which should be
rilled up. San Francisco would grow very
fast in a few years, and would demand
level streets for tbe transaction of its
business.
After making a few amendments the
committee agreed to report favorably on
the bill.
FOR ZIIiJCAHV TRUSTEES.
Men Who Are dominated at the Repub
lican Caucus.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Jau. 26.— At the
Republican caucus held this afternoon
the principal matter considered wa* the
selection of candidates for library trustees,
five of whom are to be voted for by tbe
Legislature on Wednesday, F bniary 3.
Four tickets were in the field in the in
terests of Gillis, Seaman*, Wallace and
Fraser respectively as librarian.
The Gillis ticket comprised: Jacob H.
Neff, Placer; Frank Brigbam, Alameda;
B. F. Porter, Los Angeles; W. F. George,
Sacramento; F. D. Ryan, Sacramento.
Those who are said to be inclined toward
Seamans are: George H. Stewart, Los
Angeles; D. E. Collins, Oakland; A. B.
Lemmon, Santa Rosa; Irving M. Scott,
San Francisco; FranK D. Ryan, Sacra
ment o. , ,
The Wallace ticket is as follows: Irving
M. Scott, San Francisco; Allen B. Lem
mon, Santn Rosa; William Beckman, Sac
ramento; George H. Stewart, Los Angeles;
Frank D. Ryan, Sacramento.
This is the Fraser ticket : Thomas Flint,
San Benito; George H. Stewart, Los
Angeles; George E. de Golia, Alnmeda;
G. W. Schell, San FraDcisco; William
Beckraan, Sacramento.
Besides these 8. D. Wood of Stockton
and M. A. Luce of San Diego were placed
in nomination.
A committee was appointed to com
municate with all tbe nominees and se
cure from them a pledge that tney would
put none but Republicans on euard in
the State Library if they were elected.
The caucus will meet again next Tuesday
nieht to select the rive candidates who
will be placed in nomination before the
Legislature on the Wednesday following.
A trial will be made of the voting
machine on exhibition in the Capitol
building on the night when the candidates
are voted for in caucus.
FLAMES SWEEP ft BLOCK
f Continued from FirU Taae. 1
fell upon the adjoining building, which is
but four stories high. From the roof of
this structure two fire companies were di
recting the 6tieams of water into the
building and several of the liremen were
buried under the debris when the wall
fell. Had a warning not been given it is
probable tnat both companies would have
been lost
Most of tbe firemen on the roof reached
a point of safety before the wall tumfred
and those wno were caught escaped the
most of the falling bricks. They were
carried from the roof in an unconscious
condition by other firemen and removed
to hospitals. Some ot the spectators were
slightly injured by falling particl'S, but
only three were injured serious* enough to
require the service of ambulances to re
move them to their homes.
There were forty fires in the city to-day,
but most of them were extinguished with
alight loss. -
SOME AJI iJLI.It JiLAZES.
Considernbl« Damage Done and Lots of
. X«/> Mr ported.
PHILADELPHIA, Pa., Jan. 26.-Early
this ; morning flames were \ seen - issuing
from the sixth-story windows of the car
pet-store of H. & J. Dobson, 8 and 10
Chestnut street. The flames were con
fined to this floor, the upholstery depart
ment, but the other floors were damaged
by water. The loss is $75,000 and is cov
ered by insurance. The origin is not
known.
FORT WAYNE, Ind., " Jan. 26.— A de
structive tire broke out at Rennsslaer, Ind.,
a small town in t&e western part of the
State, at an early hour tii is morning. A
half block, including twelve builninps,
was destroyed. The loss is about $25,000.
JACKSON, Ohio, Jan. 26.— Star
furnace was destroyed ■ by lire to-day.
Loss ; $10,000. ' Hugh Martin and < Frank
Davis, employes, were burned to death.
OURWENSVILLE, Pa., Jan. 26.— A fire
broke out in a dwelling-house owned by
the Elk Tanning- Company this evening,
occupied by Moses Watson and John
Webb, both colored, with their families.
Mrs. Webb had gone to the store and left
her four children in the house, tneir, ages
being six, four, two and a baby. All were
burned to death.
BELLEVILLE, Mich., Jan. 26.—
destroyed the farmhouse of A. E. Vanda
water, about three miles from this place,
at 3 o'clock this morning, and Mrs. Van
dawater perished in the flames.
Four other occupants of the house, es
caped 'in their night clothing, but were
badly frost-bitten. It is . not known bow
the fire started, but it is believed that be
cause of the intense cold the stove was
overheated and ignited the woodwork..
BHELBOTJ RNE, Ont. , J a n . 26.— Hannah
& Berricks' brick block, wniqh 1 contained
Hannnah's hardware store, Fenwick's
jewelry ' store, f Fowler's shoe store, Gal
braith's jewelry ? store, Berrick's general
•tore '-. and Cassock's general : store, were
burned to-day. Lois, $100,000/. fairly cov
ered by insurance* ' V -[
ALL IN FAV OR OF
THE NE W TREATY
Principles of Arbitration
Approved by Leaders
at the Capital.
Ex-Secretary Fester the First tc
Speak at a Big Public
Meeting.
Justice Brewer and Others Tell Why
It Is A ways Well to Avert
Horrors of Warfare.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 26.-A very
distinguished audience, representative of
social and business elements of the Na
tional capital, filled the Grand Opera
house at 4 o'clock this afternoon ''to
attest their approbation of the ereat prin
ciple of international arbitration as em
bodied in the treaty between this country
and Great Britain, pending In the Senate."
Ex-Secretary John W. Foster, who
called the meeting to order, disclaimed
any purpose of criticizing or seeking un
duly to hasten or influence the action of
the Senate. He said be recognized the
Senate as a co-ordinate branch of the Gov
ernment. He closed by saying:
"I venture, however, to say, speaking
for myself, that the final action of the
Senate will not be such as to defeat the
treaty, which is desired by the great ma
jority of the people of the United States
and whose defeat would discredit this-
Government in the eyes of the civilized
world."
The outcome of the^meeting wa3 the
unHnimous adoption of a resolution de
claring that, "believing this treaty to be
a distinct advance toward the best civili
zation and trusting that it may prove a
helpful example for other nations, we
shall hail with joy and patriotic pride its
adoption by the United States."
Rev. £. B. Hubbard was the presiding
officer and delivered an eloquent address,
after which he declared be looked forward
to the day when there will be a court
which shall be'recognized by all nations,
which shall look into all difficulties and
settle ihem by arbitration.
President E. L. Whitman of Columbia
University made some pointed remarks
about two diseases prevailing in American
social life, one known as anglomania and
another disease largely political in its
character, known as anplophobia. He
claimed that anglophobia was as unrea
sonable as anglomunia was ridiculous.
Ex-Senator John B. Henderson, form
erly of Missouri now of Washington,
delivered a vigorous address in support of
the general principle of arbitration, in
which he incidentally critic zed the tone
of President Cleveland's Venezuelan mes
sage, and asked if arbitration was good for
England and Venezuela why not good for
England and the United States.
Asbociate Justice Brewer of the United
States Supreme Court, who was intro
duced as president of the Venezuelan
commission, aroused the audience to the
height of enthusiasm. He began by say
ing that when he received tue request of
the committee to take tart, in the proceed
ing? and was sure that the speeches would
be limited to five minutes, be came to the"
conclusion that all he would have to do
would be to stand up and be counted in
favor of arbitration because in bis experi
ence no lawyer couid say what he had to
say under two hours. So he had come
here to be counted in favor of arbitration.
•'When I say that," continued Justice
Brewer, "I do r.ot want to be considered
as one who would trespass upon the pre
roeative of the Senate to make a care.ul
canvass of every line of that treaty. I
appreciate fully the words of the Senator
trom Massachusetts (Hoar) recently ut
tered in protest auainst pressure for haste.
I do not believe in saying 10 the gentlemen
chareed with the duty of considering care
fully that treaty that 'you must vote for
it.' There is something in my own nature
which, when anybody says to me 'You
must,' causes something to run up my
NEW TO-DAY— CLOTHING.
A Sensational
Sale of Clothing
Here's a proposition you never heard of before— a twentieth-century
idea in a Clothing Sale.
This week we have put on sale the samples of Men's, Boys' and Chil-
dren's Clothing that our Traveling. Salesmen have returned. Formerly, at
the end of the season, we sold these samples to retail dealers who bought
goods of us, at a fraction of their value— just because they were samples.
Now we give you that advantage— give you the opportunity to buy the best
Clothing at a saving you little dreamed of.
The number Is not large ; to get your choice come at once. It's worth
your while to hurry.
JUST A FEW PRICES:
CHILDREN'S SUITS. gg **£-. Jg-gk
All wool, brown, gray i.nd blue mixed; double <£"7 Cn <UC £~\r\ O>r\ rr/"\
breasted; ages 4to 8 years... *P I iOU S>O,UU $2.u0
BOYS' SUITS, $
Ail wool, gray mixed worsteds, blue and black
l'he.vi<.tsand brown mixed Tweeds; sizes 28 <JJfO tS>f\r\r\ tr\r>r\r\
t0 33 che5t...... .; *Pl-d.UU vpy.OO ' $0.00
MEN'S SUITS. Vy-i-" 1 --:
ITlClit) SUM o> . .
Ail wooi ; uiue. b.»ik, uiown and gray Cassl- 1O tzr\ O?r\iTr\ d»*7 Cr\
meres and Cheviots; sizes 34 to 42 chest..... •S> 1 Z.DU sby.OO Jb/.OU
PROPORTIONATE REDUCTIONS IN OVERCOATS AND TROUSERS.
BRoWN™*e*co
Trholesale Manufacturers
Props. Oregon Ct.'j> Woolen Mills
Fine Clothing
For Man, Boy or Child
RETAILED
At Wholesale Prices
121 23 A SO M % STREET; k *
Bet. £ush and Pine Sis.
■ ALL BLUE SIGNS ... r
spinal column which says '1 won't.' [Ap
plause and laughter.]
••It is the Senate's duty to consider that
treaty carefully, and when 1 say that it is
no trespass upon their richt3 for Ameri
can citizens to express their views of
that treaty, I am sure there is no one
who will more cheerfully accord that right
than the senior Senator from Slassa
cim -setts (Mr. Hoar), whom we all delight
to honor. In spile cf all the in imations
I see iv the press I believe that the Senate
will not declare itself 'in favor of the taw,
but against its enforcement.' They will
act upon it with the desire to do the best
for the interests not al >ne of this country,
but for thf world. [Applause.] I know
Judges raaice mistakes, having been on
the bench many years.
"I know it is dangerous to submit grave
questions to such a tribunal, and if I
could cite my brother w:th whom I have
been associated for two years (referring to
Justice Harl an, one of the Bering Sea
arbitrators) 1 think I could illustrate that
at his expense. [Laughter.] But, then,
what are the errors and losses incidental
to arbitration compared to the horrors of
war? [Applause.] What are a few mil
lion dollars of wrongful damages in com
parison to the sacrifice ol thousands of
numan lives?"
Justice Brewer in hispe'oration brought
down the house by a brief bu: dramatic
poem on "Lost Opportunities," which, to
the surprise of many of his bearers, he
said had been written by bis fellow-citi
zen, ex -Senator John J. Ingallsof Kansas.
He declared in ring'ne tones his opinion
that the United States now had an opdot
tunity wnich once lost might never be re
gained.
Ex-Governor Stanard of St. Louis, from
the National Board of Trade, read the res
olutions adopted by that body.
The following letter from Cardinal Gib
bons was read :
Cardinal's Residence. 40 N. Charles Pt.. j
Baltimore, Md.. Jan. 22, 1897. j
Sev. Francis S. Hamlin— Dear Sir: I beg to
acknowledge your favor of the 21st. In which
you invite me to Washington on the 26th inst.
for the purpose of publicly attesting upproba
tion of the great principle of arbitration em
bodied in the treaty between the United States
and Great Britain. While I am heartily in
sympathy with the object of this meeting and
ardently hope that the promise held out to us
by this treaty of settling our disputes with
out thosA tareats and rumors of war so
disturbing to public peace and business will
be iulfilled, I regret that a previous engage
ment which I cannot postpone will prevent
me from joining in person the distinguished
gentlemen who hava issued the call in ap
proving the arbitration. In taking this course
a joint letter has been published expressing
the sentiments of Cardinals Vaughn, Logue
and myself. lam sure that not less ardently
than I they hope their efforts in the cause of
paace will Dot be in vain. Faithfully yours in
Christ, Jajieß Cardinal Gibbons.
Other letters were read and other
speeches made arui the proceedings were
ended by the benediction being announced,
by Rev. Tennis Hamlin.
SLhIGUISH CATASTROPHE.
Forty lounff Person* Oo Over a Preci- |
pice Into a Qunrrtt. ,
ALTOONA, Pa.. Jan. 26.— At 10 o'clock
last night a sleighing party of forty per
sons from Tyrone accidentally drove into
the ' quarry at Pemberton. The sled,
horses and pleasure-seekers were precipi
tated to the Dottom of the precipice,
wßere they lay in a great mass. A special
train from Tyrone conveyed to the scene
of the catastrophe all the doctors in town,
The party was mostly made up of young
people. Boys and girls with arms and
legs broken, with blood streaming from
their woun 'a, lay in great drifts of snow,
slowly perishing from the intense cold.
The mercury was 3 deg. below zero,
adding to the horror of the catastrophe.
The latest reports say that none are dead,
though twenty are fearfully injured,
among them Alice Haddtn, Jessie Stone.
Eugene Crampton, William Jones and
Howard Templeton.
Just who is to blame for the accident no
one likes to say. The horror of the situa
tion is so great that people talk very little
about it. Some of the people in the party
had many relatives and friends and the
grief of the community is consequently j
great. .i'^A''".. ._ : ; . ':.■'. • :^J:
SEPHBW GALL LOSES.
The Common Late Wife and Her Chil
dren 'l ah* Everything.
NEW YORK, N. V., Jan. 26.— The action
of Cnarles Gall to recover $40,000 for
services against the estate of his uncle,
Joseph Gall, the optician, was dismissed
by Justice Barnard of the Supreme Court
yesterday, who held that the matter had
been disposed of in the Surrogate Court.
The will left almost the entire estate of
$150,000 to his nephew, but a common law
wi c broke the will, and she and her
children took everything.
Brooklyn• >etc Dock All Bight.
NEW YORK, N. V., Jan. 26.— Engineer
Menocal, who is in charge of the clocks at
the Brooklyn Navy-yard, denied yester
day that there wa3 any truth in the re
ports that the new dock is four inches
shallower an«i two feet shorter than the
plans contemplated. He said the dock is
all ri.-ht and the measurements are satis
factory.
THE DOCTOR'S !
EXAMINATION!
in yrriffjt^^i
Do you have pains in your back con tin.
ually?
Yes. doctor.
Do you feel a sense of soreness from
pressure over the kidneys?
Yes, doctor.
During the daytime is tte pain more se-
vere?
Yes, doctor.
Do you rest well at night ? fi'Yip.
No, doctor.
Your appetite is good? '
Yes, doctor. -
You* bowels regular? .
Yes, doctor. V
These pains in the back or loins fre«/
quently are the result of cold. Sometimes
they mean the beginning of kidney
trouble. You should be very careful of
yourself and take the remedy regularly, it
will soon relieve you. Your kidneys will
be stimulated, your liver and bowels regu-
lated, and you will feel much better. . .You .
will be cured, j
Take this prescription and get the rem-
edy from your druggist; get nothing else:
: K. :
• ' JOY'S VEGETABLE :
SARSAPARILLA :
• (one bottle) :
• Two teaspoonfuls three (3) times :
* : a day. \
■ No druggist owns stock in Joy's Vege-
table Sarsaparilla. Any druggist claim-
ing to pay its advertising bills is a fraud.
Don't let the drug clerk talk you into
buying something else for Joy's Vegetable
Sarsaparilla. He laughs at you when you
leave the corner store with a substitute.
Watch him.
<^ KSFA^c o
DOCTOR SWEANY,
A nhyslcian whose reputation is estab-
lished, by ten years of successful practice
at 737 Market St., Han .Francisco,, Cal.
LOST And all the attend-
MAMlinnn in ailments of
MHNnUUU NERVOUS DEBI-
LITY of Young, Middle-aged
and Old men, indiscretions of
youth, excesses of mature years,
drains which sap the vitality,
i failing strength, aching back,
diseased kidneys, inflamed
glands, varicocele, ; hydrocele,
dizziness of the head,, gloom
and despondency, poor memory
and a wandering mind.
BLOOD AND A ll blood
| SKIN DISEASES. £ y nts .«™
whatsoever, eczema, etc.
BLADDER.- Irritability, cystitis,
I stricture, etc.
; RUPTURE. New method, sure
I cure, painless treatment, no de-
I tention, from work, no experi-
ment, no knife, no truss. A posi- \
tive,certain and permanent cure.
i LADIES Will receive special v
and careful treatment for all r^
their many ailments.
WRITE if away from the city.
Book, "Guide to Health," a trea-
tise on all organs and their dis-
eases, free on application.
Call or address .-■- .
737 Market St., San JfrwncUoo. O»l.
L. A. Bertelln; l'te% H. Sortlman, Vlce-Pre*
A. W. Kirk, Sec. Jos. 2»ordman, Treat.
427 KEARNY STREET, \
Is the very best place to have your eyes examined
and fitted to glasses with instruments exclusively
our own, whoso superiority has not yet been
equaled.
We ■, have no rivals. We value our reputation;
we guarantee satisfaction, and depend solely upon
the merits of our work tot success. ■ • -
THE PAINTER i
MAS REMOVED TC ' /
579 yHISSIQN st.
BRUSHES-" •SSS2S?. J -*
VIIUVIIhVI bouses. billiard - table*
brewers, bookbinders, ' candy-makers, canuers,
dyers, flourmllls, foundries, :> laundries, - paper*
hangers, , printers, painters, shoe factories. Btabl*>
men, tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, etc.
- BUCHANAN BUGS.,
Bru«nM»uuracturers.6o9Sacrameiito3»>TURPIE RESUMES
IN CUBA'S CAUSE
Quotes Monroe's Messages
in Support of His
Contention.
Foints Out That Recognition of
Belligerency Is Not a
Cause of War.
Other Senators Discuss the Bill
Concerning an International
Monetary Conference.
WASHINGTON, D. C. Jan. 2H.— ln the
Senate to-day, Frye (R.) of Maine pre
sented the remonstrance of a labor union
against the restoration of flozging in the
merchant marine. In the lalter connec
tion, Frye slated that there was no amend
ment pending in the Senate or any b;ll
that restored flogging in the merchant
marine. On the contrary, the amendment
referred to, in the unanimous opinion of
the Senate Committee on Commerce, save
greater security than the existinn law or
any other bill now pending in Congress to
she sailor against brutality by master or
officer at sea.
Hill (D.) of New York, from the Judi
ciary Committee, presented a report on
the general subject of concurrent resolu
tions, and suggested tnat it he ou the
table for the present.
Tne House amendments to the Senate
bill for the survey of a water route from
the mouth of the jetties, at Galveston,
Tex., to Houston, Tex., were laid Lefore
the Senate and concurred in.
Turpie (D. ) of Indiana then resumed his
speech, begun yesterday, on the subject of
recognition of the republic of Cuba. He
said that he would a great deal rather de
pend upon the credit of the Cuban Re
public than upon the resources of Spain,
stripped as she was of one great source of
revenue— the isiand of Cuba. He quoted
from a message of President Monroe in
1817, on the subject of war between Spain
and her revolted South American colo
nies, to show that belligerency was then,
in the second year of the war, recognized
by the United States.
He also quoted from President Monroe's
messages of 1819 and 1820,0n the same sub
ject, in which the hope it expressed that
Spain will terminate the exhausting con
troversy on the basis of independence —
not on the basis of autonomy, as now sug
gested by the administration for Cuba.
If the recognition of Cuban belligerency
■would be a cause of war with Spain,
then the United States should have de
clared war against Spain from the day
after the surrender of Lee at Appomattox.
No war ensued from tb.3 recognition of
belligerency. Dor even irom the recogni
tion of independence. President Monroe
had recognized the independence of seven
bomb. American republic in success on
without war ensuing. Amity and peace
prevailed between Spain and America that
was uniirokan. There was no fear ot war
with Spain. There had never been such
a war, and he hoped and trusted that
there never would be. The rscognition of
belligerency was a right, not a cause of
war.
Turpie also quoted from the message of
lf~2i, which he called "the great message"
— that declaring the Monroe doctrine — and
compared with it the position of the pres
ent executive, v. - hich showed, he said,
rather an anxiety that the revolution
Bhould fail and that the Spanish Govern
ment should be restored. He went on to
compare the strength of the Spanish and
the revolutionary armies. Tlie Cubans,
tie said, had 35,000 men, trained, disci
plined and armea with the very best ma
terial and with all the munitions of war,
and had a 15 035,000 other men, trained and
disciplined, but armed with inferior
weapons.
he said, had 100,000 regular troops
—40,000 in stations along troctia?, 40,000 in
garrisons in the seaports and 20,0* X) in hos
pitals, suffering from wonnus and disease.
{Spain had also 50,000 militia, in order to
allow the regulars more leisure, more free
dom in conducting tne principal cam
paien.
What principal campaign, he asked,
bad they conducted ; what effective cam
paigh? Cuban independence, he declared,
•was already an accomplished fact, but
that did not neces.<ariiy imply that the
hpanisu forces would cease fighting.
In conclusion, Mr. Turpie said: "If the
Cuban patriots succeed we may then
cJaim thAt we were friends of the republic
— friends in need, irienrts in the hour and
day of danger. If failure befall them
(which may God avert) our action will
Btiil lose nothing of grace or grandeur and
we Bball then keep faith with the quench
less spirit of freedom which ha- set our
feet in such a large room.' '
At the conclusion of Turpie's speech.
Hill's joint resolution as to tne recognition
ol foreign governments was taken from
the table and placed on the calendar.
Chandler move 1 to proceed to the con
sideration of the bill for the purpose of
representation of the United States at any
international monetary conference here
after to be called.
White sent to the clerk's desK and had
read an editorial from Chandler's paper
declaring that Senator Sherman is to be
the leader of the Republican party in the
new administration, and giving numerous
citations from Sherman's speeches in favor
of silver money.
After the reading. White said he pre
sumed tne quotations were correct, as
f-berinan was'in his seat and did not cor
net them.
Can:io:i (R.) of Utah said that the mere
presentation of the pending bill was a rec
ognition of the Republican party that a
rest nation of silver to its old place as a
mo'.iey metal was required by the world,
anu especially by the United States.
knowing the ardent devotion to the cause
oi bimetallism of the Senators from New
Hampshire and Colorado (Chandler and
Wolcott) he was not disDosed to admit
that the bill was proposed in a mere per
functory spirit, and he should vote for it
in la present form if no better phraseol
ogy could be substituted.
Stewart (Pop.) ol Nevada pave notice of
an amendment providing that in case the ]
international conference should be held
and should not agree on a system of inter
national bimetallism, it snail be the duty
of the Secretary of the Treasury, one
montn after the adjournment of the con
ference, to coin ail the gold and silver
brought to the mints for the benefit of de
positors, the silver into standard dollars
and the gold into coin as now provided by
law.
The bill went over after notice by Chand
ler that he would press it to a vote as soon
as possible.
- The Nxaragua canal bill was then taken
up, and Morgan (D.) of Alabama, in charge
oi it, offered an amendment designed to
meet the objections suggested in the letter
from the Minister of the Greater Republic
of Central America. It is to tiip effect that
at least 5 per cent of the $100,000,000 capi
tal shall be reserved for the Central
American governments, and that notuing
In the bill snail bo construed as empower
ing the canal company to do anything m
zonsistem with the terms of its conces
lion.
At the close of Morgan's speech Daniel
(D.) of Virginia began a sarcastic speech
on the monetary question bristling with
allusions to the.Uspatch of Senator AY ol
cott of Colorado as the "erubassador pleni
potentiary of the Republican party for
the restoration of tnat (Treat Atnencan
system of bimetallic finance which they
had beon so successful in destrovine.
Passin- from this divereence Daniel ad
dressed him«d« to the hill immediately
before the Senate-thc Nicaragua canal
bill— which he strongly opposed.
\t the close of Daniel's speech the Sen
ate at 5:25 went into executive session and
shortly thereafter adjourned until to-mor
row.
BVVSE OtKHISIIttS A VETO.
A Totally Blind Jou>* Veteran Has Ilia
iV union Hvitovd.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 26.-An
other Presidential veto was repudiated by
the House to-day. The bill to restore
Jonathan Scott, a veteran of the Fifth
lowa Cavalry, to the pension roll (from
which he was dropped by the bureau in
1894) at the rate of $72 a month for a total
blindness, failed to rece.ve Mr. Cleveland «
approval. Upon recommendation of the
Committee on Inva iri Pen-ions the House,
by a vote of 137 to 52, passed the bill over
the veto.
A bill was passed to pay $462 to John
Mcßae, a deputy United States Marshal,
lor expenses incurred by him in 1859 in
seizing and caring tor thirty-six members
of the cargo of Air. cans landed by the
ship Wanderer near Savannah, in an
effort to evade the anti-slave trade law,
the thirty-six being afterward returned
to Africa. ,
Hitt (K.) of Illinois reported the diplo
matic and consular appropriation bill,
which was placed on the calendar.
The rest of the day was spent in com
mittee of the whole in consideration of
the Indian appropriation bill. There re
mained thirty of the eighty-one pages un
disposed of when the committee rose, and
the House adjourned at 5:10 o'clock.
WRECKED ON A SIDING.
The Eastbound Uuion Pac.fic
Fiyer Is Badly Dam
a?ed.
Two Pul mans Smashed to Splinters.
It Is No: Known if Any L yes
Were Lost.
CHEYENNE, Wto., Jan. 27.— The end
of the eastbound Union Pacitic flier was
wrecked at Tie Siding, a small station
about thirty miles west of Cheyenne,
about 1 o'clock this morning.
The east-bound train arrived at the j
siding first and ran onto it in order to j
allow the west-bound, then due, to pa:^
Owing to the crowded condition of the
siding the waiting train could not get
clear of the main track, and two Pullmans
were left beyond tne switch.
Before the siding could be cleared the
westbound train dashed into the rear Pull
mans and smashed them almost to splin
ters.
Immediately the uninjured eneine was
brought out from the siding and s -nt into
Cheyenne with the news, and a wrecking
■ train was sent to the scene of the disaster.
The two Pullmans, which bore the brunt
of the shock, were well filled with sleep
-1 ing passengers. It is known that among
the passengers were several Californians.
There is no telegraph station at Tie
Siding, and so details of the wreck are
but meager. It is reported that some
hours must elapse before definite news
reaches this coast.
The westbound train was going at near
ly full speed at the time of the collision, |
and it is reported that it must have been
a bad one.
A CONSULAR IMBROGLIO.
Commercial Complications Caused by the
Greater Republic of Central
America.
NEW YORK, N. V., Jan. 26.— N. Bolet-
Peraza, the newly appointed Consul-Gen
eral of the Greater Republic of Central
America, a number of the steamship own
ers whose vessels run to ports in Hon
duras, Salvador and Nicaragua, and a lot
of merchants doing business with the
same ports are all much worked up over
the refusal of Jacob Biaz to give way to
the new Consul-General and recognize him
as the rightful consular representative of
the combined Central American republics.
As a result of the controversy between
Bolet-Peraza and Uiaz there is also a ques
tion of validity of a lot of invoices which
Biaz has passed as Consul-General of Hon
duras since the official appointment of
Bolet-Peraza.
The new Consul-General said last night
that the cargoes would be liable to seizure
as smuggled goods in the absence of in
voices signed by nim and that it will be
his duty to see that this liability is exe
cuted. A year ago last June Honduras,
Salvador and Nicaragua entered . into a
treaty for the promotion of the greater
republic of Central America. According
to the terms of treaty the three countries
were to aboli-n their separate foreign lega
tions and leave foreign affairs to a diet of
three members— one for each of tne coun
tries, which should appoint representa
tives abroad. This diet organized in Sep
tember last. It recalled all existing pat
ents to consuls and in November ap
pointed Bolet-Peraza, who was consul
officer of Salvador, Consul-General here,
and Jose G. Rodriquez Minister to this
country.
On January 16 Adolph D. Btrauss, who
had been Consul for New York, turned
j over his records, etc., to Bolet-Peraza, but
Biaz would not. He said he had been ap
' pointed by the Government of Honduras
and had received no notice of removal
from that country. Some merchants got
their invoices signed by Bolet-Peraza and
some by Biaz.
A representative of Biaz said last nignt
that the trouble was over. "Mr. Biaz,' he
said, "refused to trive up his place until he
was officially notified that he was relieved,
but he has now received notice and will
retire."
WAST WHISKY It LSI* EX S ARIES.
Vote on a Bill in the Alabama Senate
2 Catc*e* a Sensation.
MONTGOMERY. Ala., Jan. 26.— When
the bill proposing to inaugurate in Ala
bama a wisisky dispensary system similar
to that in South Carolina came up for
consideration in the. Senate yesterday a
motion to table it was lost by a vote of 18
to 12. The vote was a surprise and caused
a great sensation. Some amendments pro
posed by friends of the measure, howevtr,
caused action on tne bill to be deferred
until to-day. It appears certain the bill
will pass. ■
m
Thrift a Knife in Hit Throat.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., Jan. 28.— Shortly after
12 o'clock to-day a shabbily dressed labor
ing man, about 35 years of age, entered the
office of Chief of Detectives Desmond at
police headquarters and stated that he
had come to give himself up to the police
authorities. He was escorted to an inner
room, and, waile talking to a detective,
the siranger thrust a penknife blade into
hii throat, severing the jugular vein, ani
died in a few minutes. He tol'4 Chief
Desmond his name was James Kellev, but
refused to say wliere he Lved. He was
live feet six inches tall, derk hair and
blonde mustache.
-• — • — >
The combined annual income of the
British working classes exceed £600,000,000.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 27, 1897.
MISS ANTHONY
TAKES THE GAVEL
Opens the Woman Suffragist
Convention at D. : s
Moines.
A Packei Assemb'2g% Notwith
standing the Intensely Cold
Weather.
The Presid n', in Her Addres:, R.-iers
to the Encouragins Vote of
California.
DES MOINES, lowa, Jan. 26.— "We
will have nine stars in our banuer instead
of four before the end of the century,"
declared Susan B. Anthony, the veteran
president of the National American
Woman Suffrage Society, in her annual
address to the convention wnich opened
to-day. She seized the banner from the
desk before her and waved it aloft. "It is
an American rla?, save that it Has only
f jur stars — one for every State which has
granted full suffrage to woman," and
the confident declaration of the beloved
president set the convention in an uproar
of applause that last <l several minutes.
The convention opened this arternoon
in the Central Christian Church, with
about 300 ladies present. It was 15 de
grees below zero, but the cnurch was
crowded to i»s capacity forenoon and
afternoon. Seventeen States were repre
sented, the weather keeping away many
delegations.
Miss Anthony presided, assisted by
Anna Howard S ;aw of Philadelpnia, vice
president at large. It was voted that no
State that das not paid its dues should be
allowed to vote.
The following committee on resolutions
was named:
Colorado, Mary C. C. Bradford ; Illinois, Mrs.
Kate Hushes; lowa, Mrs. Julio Clarke Hallsm;
Kansas, Mrs. E. M. Wardell; Kentucky, Sarah
C. Bennett; Mtissachusett^ Mrs. H. C. Black
well: Massachusetts National, Mr*. C M. A:
len; Michigan, Miss Elizabeih Willard; Min
nesota, Miss Martha Scott Anderson ; Missouri.
Ella Httrrißon; Montana, Dr. Mary A. Atwater;
Nebraska, Mrs. AbbieGay Dustin; New Jersey,
Mrs. P. C. Wright; New York, Mrs. H. Banck;
j Ohio, Dr. Violet Swift; Pennsylvania, Miss
I Marie Beatrice Loucks.
Miss Shaw made her report as vice-pres
ident at large brief, because the same
ground was covered by the address of the
president. She told of the campaign
waged the la-t year in California for th<»
woman suffrage amendment, resulting in
110,000 votes for and 123,000 against. It
was the largest vote suffrage had ever re
ceived in any State, although it did not
carry.
Mrs. Rachel Foster Avery, the secretary,
told of the work of the National headquar
ters in Fiiiladelpnia in sendine out liter
ature ann securing assistance irom the
Dress.
She said the past year bad been t c
most successful in this direction in the
History of the association. She recom
mended that the headquarters be removed
to New York. She said the States that
had secured suffrage because of the assist
ance of the National organization most
always drifted from it and were of little
assistance afterward. She recommended
that the association be divided into two
houses, making the women from the en-
I franchisee! States the upper house.
Miss Anthony delivered her address,
which was enthusiastically received, in
the afternoon. Among other things she
said :
The year 1896 witnessed greater successes
than any other eince the first pronunciamen to
was marie at Senecu Falls, N. V., July i 9, 1888.
On January b the President proclaimed Utah
to be a State, with a constitution that does not
discriminate agafnat women. Thus we have
two States coming into the Union on the prin
ciple of equal rights to ali women guaranteed
oy their constitutions.
November 3, by a majority of 6000 the men
of Idaho declared in favor of woman suffrage,
and for the first time In the history of judi
cial decisions upon the enlargement of
woman's rightß, civil and phjuficat, the courts
of Idaho — Judges Houslan, Morgan and Sulli
van — unanimously decided that the amend
| ment so carried was constitutional. This ue
cisiou is the more ratnarkable, because the
constitution might easily as well have been
interred to require amendments to receive a
majority of the total votes cast at the election
as a mabority of the votes cast on the amend
ment.
By the former construction the amendment
would have been lost, notwithstanding that of
all who cared to express an opinion two to
one were in lavor. Jl any one will go through
the history ol our woman suffrage movement
since the days of reconstruction and the
adoption of the fourteenth and fifteenth
amendments to the Federal constitution
taking the decisions of the Supreme Court of
the United States in the cases of Myra Brad
weli for the protection of her civil rights, and
of Mrs. Virginia L. Munro for the protection
of her political rights, and the decision of the
Supreme Court of the United States Riving
women the right to vote for County School
Commissioners, and various other decisions —
he will find that in every ca-e the court has
put the narrowest possible construction upon
the spirit and letter of the constitution.
Whereas, the Judges did themselves the
honor to make a decision in direct opposition
to judicial precedent and prejudice, so the
Idaho victory is a great cred it, not only to the
nißJority of men who stood for the amend
ment, but to the three Judges who made this
broad and just decision. The National Asso
ciation speakers went to Idaho — Mrs. Oevoe in
1895, Mrs. Johns and Mrs. Gatt in 1896— and
thty, with Mrs. Bradford and Miss Reynolds
of Colorado, iieid meetings and organized
suffrage clubs in the' different settlements
throughout the State. I have not yet leurneci
how many of the resident women took i art in
the campaign.
We also had pending in California woman
suffrage amendments. Your president, vice
preside!! t-at-iarge and National organizer, to
gether witti Miss Yates, Mms Hay, Miss Mills,
Miss Swett and Miss Lucy Antnony, gave
more or less time to speaking and working in
that State for eight motitns. Never have I
seen more thorough and effective educational
work done in any one of the thirteen suff raije
amendment campaigns since 1887. Could we
have counted out the two largest cities — San
Francisco and Oakland — the amendment would
have been carried by about 500 majority; and
in this connection i want to call your atten
tion to the immensity ot that State, stretching
nearly a thousand miles north and south, and
with au area greater than all New England,
New York and Pennsylvania combined.
The facilities are very poor, and. long and
weary stagings are necessary to reach the men
who »re scattered over the ranches and mines
oi that great territory.
Sau Kr&nclsco is to California what New
York City is to the Empire State. All the
rural counties can be educated so that a ma
jority can be given for any measure of justice,
out the cities of San Francisco and Oakland
contain a very large number of loreign born
voters and native born Chinese who have just
come of age, aud this weighted down the in
telligence not only of tho»o two cities but of
the rent of the State.
But California's defeat Is simply victory de
ferred, for the Legislature is sure to resubmit
the amendment, and the educational cam
paign carried on for the last two years will be
continued for the coming two, when a large
enough number will be converted to overcome
the slum vote, and November, 1898, will add
to our flag the star of Calilornia.
But it is not only in California that we are
likely to have amendment campaigns during
the coming two years, but Nevada and Oregon
and quite probably Washington and Montana.
I thing the one and only sure thing to carry
an amendment is througu the organization of
a club in every voting precinct of every
county of the State.
It is little use for us to make our appeals
upon State or National political party conven
tions, or on Congress or State Legislatures for
resolutions in favor of woman's enfranchise
ment, while no appeals come up to thorn irom
tut' rank and tile of the voters.
Our wvirit, thereiure, for the coming year, is
to puth local organization more thoroughly
than ever before, and to do that work preciLCt
by precinct, even if we compass but one county
of a State during the year.
Following this reports were made by j
Mary Hay for California, who said that
suffrage would carry there the next time,
and it would be soon, and by Mary C. C.
Bradford for Colorado, who said the work
in that State, where women now have the
franchise, is to make it a success. Ea uca
tion must be done among the women, aud
they must be trained to interest them
selves in the use of the ballot. Mrs.
Catherine McCuliough Waugh spoke for
Illinois.
Senator J. E. Rowen. the suffraee leader
in tbe lowa Legislature, made an address,
which was received wuh much enthusi
asm. He declared that he believed that
another trial would bring victory in lowa,
although be could offer no encouragement
with the present Legislature.
Mrs. Adelaide Ballard, for lowa, said
much encouragemeut was received from
the Legislature, and she believed lowa
was near to adding a star to the flag.
Mis« Laura Ciay for Kentucky and Mrs.
Wiilard for Michigan made short reports,
encouraging in »one.
Alice Stone Blnckweil of Boston con
cluded tue day's programme with a strong
address on equal rights.
In tlio evening a reception was given to
the members of the association and the
members of the lowi Legislature at the
home of Mrs. A. F. Hubbell. Theie was
a great crush, fully 1000 people attending.
The association will probably be invited
to attend the Legislatnra on Thursday
and the members will be given an oppor
tunity to spenk.
FRIGHTFUL RAILWAY WRECK.
Canadian Pacfic Express Plunges Down
an Embankment— Two Persons Killed
and Many Injured.
MONCTON, N. 8., Jan. 26.— Palmers
Pond was tc-day the scene of a most dis
astrous railway wreck.
The Canadian Pacific express, running
over tbe Inter-Colonial Railroad tracks,
due at Moiicton at 1 P. M., arrived at Dor
chester a little behind time, and when
turning the bend at Palmers Pond the
train broke away from the engine, pre
sumably owing to a broken rail, and
dashed over a 75-foot embankment to the
ice in the pond below.
The engine on breaking away from the
cars kept its course and was brought
through to Dorchester station, where the
news was first made known, and a wreck
ing train was hurriedly sent to the scene
of the accident.
Meanwhile those who had survived the
fearful plunge bent ihemselves to the task
of rescuing the more unfortunate. The
intense cohi added to the iiorrors of the
situation and the sufferings of the injured.
When the wrecking train arrived at the
wreck the United Associated Presses'
representative, who was on board, lound
two of the occupants dead and nearly a
score more or less injured. They had
been tak n from the wrecked coaches ana
laid upon the snow on the bank of the
pond.
One of the dead was a woman, Miss
Patriquin, a dressmaker of Bloomfield,
Kings County, N. 8., who was taken from
tne coach in which she went down to her
death in an almost unrecognizable condi
tion. The other was Postal Clerk Edge
comb of St. John, N. B.
Tne injured were rescued from the up
turned coaches through the windows.
The most • seriously injured are: Hon.
Dr. Borden, Minister of Militia, cut
about the head; Henry McLeod of
Pictou; Mr. Brner of Amherst, N. 8. ;
Rupert Neil of Westvilte, S. C. ;
Edward Blanr.hard of Amherst, A. W.
Taylor of Amberst, A. W. West of Am
herst, George P. Buring of Halifax,
Charles Thompson, brakeman. All of the
latter were more or less injured.
The dead and injured were placed
aboard the wrecking train and brought to
this oty. The wrecked coaches were
seven in number, aud all were smashed
£lmost to splinters on tbe ice in the
pond. The laiW were torn up and the
track badly damaged.
STILL BELOW ZERO.
Many Frostbitten and Hungry Sufferers at
Chicago, but Relief Work Is
Going Ahead.
CHICAGO, 111., Jan. 26.— Bitterly cold
weather, aggravated by wind, continued
to afflict the poor people of Chicago to-day
and make the lot of those more fortunate
at least uncomfortable and attended with
danger from frost bites.
At midnight to-night the official record
was that of three successive days of tem
perature below zero, and in the double
figures most of that time, too. The most
cheering information that can be given
by the Weather Bureau as to the future is
that the tenaency to moderation mani
fested after noon to-day will probably
continue to-morrow. It will not be so
co!d — about zero — and the cold wave may
slightly decrease during the day.
The day began with the mercury show
ing 14 degrees beiow zero, falling to 16 Dy
6 o'clock thi3 morning. When the army
of store-workers and other wage-earners
were compelled to leave their homes they
suffered under a temperature of 15 degrees
below. At noon the weather had mod
erated to 9 degrees, and from that time
until 4 o'clock the mercury continued ris
ing. It was stationary a 4 degree* for sev
eral hours after that hour, but fell slowly
late to-night, as usual.
An un Known man was found frozen to
death on the outskirts of the village of
Tinley Park, near Blue Island, on the
Rock Island, this morning. James Mc-
Cormick and George Wentz, a teleirraph
operator, were found at an early hour to
gether on Wells street, with both their
bands frozen. Many less severe cases of
freezing were reported during the day
from the police stations and drug stores.
The suffering from want of food and
sufficient clothing has been arrested by a
generot's contribution of money, food and
clothing. Tne relief fund reached nearly
$10,000 this evening, subscriptions coming
trom outsiue the city, and many thou
sands ot dollars worth of supplies were
received fiom citizens. Tbe whole police
force under the practical uirect ion of Chief
Badenoch was utilized day and night to
ascertain the needs of tne sufferers and
distribute supplies in patrol wagons and
ambulances.
It is estimated that 15.000 persons have
been given enough food, fuel and clothing
to keep them irom extreme suffering since
the Mayor's proclamation was issued.
Mayor Switt said that more distress had
been found among the poor and absolutely
destitute than had been expected, and the
demands made for help were becoming so
great that it might become necessary for
him to appoint special committees to col
lect additional funds among the business j
men ot the city. .
Every police station has been made a
storehouse for coal, beef, beans, peas,
coffee, flour and meal. The starving peo
ple were brought to the stations and given
a liberal allowance, with an invitation to
call again when the supnly was exhausted.
The mo3t numerous cases of acute suffer
ing come from South Chicago and Grand
Crossing-.
The officials and employes of the Postal
Telegraph Cable Company made up a
fund of $2000. v
Frozen to Death in Sovth Dakota.
YANKTON, S. D., Jan. 26— On Friday
last John Winter, a farmer, living four
teen mile 3 northwest of this city, was
frozen to death within a mile of his home,
fhe body being found yesterday by a
neighbor, who spent the greater part of
thf day in a search for him.
Winter ieft this city Friday afternoon
before dark. His mother, who came to
town with him, was persuaded by friends
to remain over Sunday on account of the
intense cold, but no persuasion could pre
vail upon him.
Ice 'Jhreaten* V , r ig if ion.
CINCINNATI, Ohio, Jan. 26.— The cold
is increasing, and rivermen fear tnat the
ice will atop navigation.
SANTA BARBARA'S
DAY OF MOURNING
Dr. Richard J. Hall's Body
Borne to Its Final
Rest.
Old and Young Alike Weep at
the Bier of the Poor
Man's Friend.
Successes Achieved by the Physician
Who Was Beloved by All
Who Knew Him-
SANTA BARBARA, Cal., Jan. 2tx—
This has been Santa Barbara's day of
mourning. To-day the May of one who j
claimed as liis friend the totterinc octo
genarian and the laughing child alike
was borne to its last, resting place in
Montecito Cemetery. The man so hon
ored in death, for whom the tt-ars of an
entire city were shed, was Dr. Richard J.
Hall. The announcement of his death at j
10 o'clock Sunday morning, though not
wholly unexpected, fell upon the people
of this city like a thunderbolt from a clear j
sky. It is doubtful if there is another in- !
stance where a stranger coming among
strangers won in seven short years the
love and admiration accorded to Dr. Hall.
Yesterday the Mayor issued a procla
mation requesting that all city offices be
closed and asking the citizens to close
business houses between the hours of 1
nnd 4 this afternoon. This was strictly
and voluntarily adhered to. The funeral
procession, preceded by a band, started
from l>r. Hall's iate residence, buck of the
Mis.-ion, at 2 o clock. it halted at the
Presbyterian Church, where the funeral
sermon and a final benediction were im
pressively delivered by the Rev. Dr. Car
rier.
The church was a marvel of floral decor
ations, so unstintingly and tastefully had
the ladies of the St. Cecilia Club arranged
their offerings of garlands. Pink and
white were the prevailing colors. As the
pall-bearers entered the edifice the orches
tra played "Prayer," by Salome. The
procession moved slowly to the pulpit,
the coffin being followed by the honorary
pall-bearers. As the casket was placed
before the altar it was covered by a pal:
of 60,000 violets. Surrounding the coffin
were several hundred very beautiful floral
pieces, contributed by the associations
wit n which the doctor was connected.
The Philharmonic Society contributed a
large harp of carnations and maidenhair
ferns. From Brooklyn and New York
had come telegraphic orders for many
Moral offerings.
Mrs. Hall and her two daughters en
tered the church together. The pall
bearers, hospital nurses in costumes and
members of the household occupied seats
near i tie bereaved family.
Every vehicle that could be procured in
this and neishboring towns whs tilled by
those who knew the man in life and who,
as a last offering to his memory, followed
his body to its last resting-place. At
Montecito Cemetery the services were
brief and simple.
Born in the historic town of Armagh,
Ireland, Dr. Hall came withhis ptren ts
to New York, his father, the Rev. Dr.
John Hall, accepting a call to the Fifth
avenue Presbyterian Church, which he
still holds. The future doctor received his
early tuition at the public schools of New
York, entering Princeton Coll -go in 1871
and graduating in the class of 1875. He
took while at college an active interest in
athletics and was a member of the Prince
ton crew which rowed at Saratoga in the
year of his graduation.
He then entered the College of Physi
cians and Surgeons of New York City, and
was graduated in 1878, securing the first
position in a special examination of honor
men. He was immediately appointed
interne in Roosevelt Hospital, where he
completed the fall term of service, a year
and a half.
In October, 1879, shortly after the com
pletion of his ho-pital service, Dr. Hall
married Mis* Eliza Coolidge of Boston,
and went abroad to continue his medical
studies.
After a prolonged stay in Europe,
principally in Vienna and Heidelberg, he
returned to New York, where he became
a-^ociated with the late Dr. Henry B.
Sands, the distinguished surgeon. Dur
ing the early part of this connection ho
conducted classes in medical instruction
which were unusually successful. Subse
quently he was appointed demonstrator
of anatomy in the College of Physicians
and Surgeons, and later still was ap
pointed to the assistant professorship of
anatomy in the institution,, after severe
competition, in which two surgeons of
National reputation took part.
During this period he was largely in
strumental in organizing and putting into
operation the well-known outdoor service
ol Roosevelt Dispensary. This was an in
novation to dispensary work, since it in
volved daily attendance on the part of the
surgeons, and developed into one of the
greatest clinics in the country.
Dr. Hall was at this time appointed vis
iting surgeon at St. Luke's, Bellevue and
Roosevelt hospitals, a distinction rarely
attained by any surgeon, and perhaps
never before by one so young.
While as-ociated with Dr. Sands he
performed, it is stated on good authontv,
the first operation in this country for
appendicitis, and he operated three times
for the same disease before it received its
name at the hands of his distinguished
associate.
Under the arduous strain of his ex
tended service Dr. Hall's health broke
down in spite of the relief afforded by
several vacations, and he came to Santa
Barbara in the fall of 1889.
From here he went to the Sandwich Isl
ands, but returned in a short time and
made Santa Barbara his home. He was
appointed chief surgeon of the Cottage
Hospital some five- years ago, and had
since performed many remarkable opera
tions.
Dr. Hall was a contributor to scientific
literature, and only a short, time ago sent
a paper by special request to the Paris
Academy of Medicine.
His skill was at ail times at the service
of the poor, and be performed operation
after operation without reward save the
gratitude of the patient. Aside from his
profession, Dr. Hail took a:i active interest
in all that pertained to Sun.?. Barbara.
He was elected president of the Flower
Festival Association in 1894 and retained
the office until his death. Dr. Hall was of
magnificent appearance — tail, finely pro
portioned and stately.
Tire in the anutu Joplin.
JOPLIN. Mo., Jan. 26.— The South Jop
lin mine is on tire and a. drift 500 feet long
is burning. The miners escaped in safety.
Two derricks have been destroyed and it
is feared 'great damage will be done before
the fire can be extinguished. It is sup
posed the fire was caused by spontaneous
combustion. ■■$*--//,
— «
Killed and Injured in n Train Wreck.
DORCHESTER STATION, N. 8., Jan.
26.— -Theexpiesion the Intercolonial Rail
way from Halifax this morning was
wrecked and several passengers injured.
Two were Killed, Mrs. Fetriquin and a
postal clerk.
VTEVT TO-DAY.
A»^ LeEP>rt j mSIM
»Wft fc on nui
■ '<WsW[ Mi /^- : %. Ms? DIL.U'H
ot>^7i /^mt^7^^t\^^\^ m m
w '■ID vMffl AT£ Vj V l^-i- ILL 4.
Im^^^^^^ POINT,
OVERCOATS
Melting Down Like
Snow Under the
Heat of the Sum=
mer's Sun.
There isn't one of you
that need go around freez-
ing or feeling, the least bit
cold.
We're sweeping out all
our Overcoats. Yesterday
was a record-breaker in
our Overcoat rooms. Never
sold so many Overcoats
since the big store has been
opened.
WE ARE KING PINS
FOR OVERCOATS.
Two Whole Floors ef 'Em,
Who is going around
shivering with cold when
he can get a very clever
Overcoat, a stylish Over-
coat, a genteel and dressy
one. for
$3.95.
Some Real Swell Aurora
Melton Overcoats to-day in
Oxford Grays, warm, com-
fortable and dressy gar-
ments.
You can't touch 'em in
other stores under $8 to
$10.
We're sweeping out Over-
coats. To-day you can get
these, swell Overcoats at
$4.95.
Our Very Swellest Royal
Kersey Overcoats, lined
with pure woolen serge,
with silk and satin sleeve
linings ; our very Cleverest
Box Overcoat, Overcoats ud
to the value of $15, are in
the sweep to-day at
$8.50.
The thermom- PAOLI ft L V Don't shiver
eter may be be- { \ f\\ If\ |_J li kj ' wUh cold,
low Zero at **** *■ ** ." " "*| We're the
some points. In j (Incorporated), j Overcoat kings,
oio r Overcoat j THE FRISCO BOYS. \ Little Price
rooms the prices i for Big, Warm
are way below V, 11, Io CUM 10 Overcoats,
freezing point. ]£EARNY STREET. [ \ \
BSVMhBm 1 sESBI
PjH|M I (• ! / \ ■
I /T7 t^^l
' * " V IPMI
isy.fc j»l| 'TBf £Js£v
BH|m9r|| k I(^ AI *
>nJ*TraREi! 90s* tP'v '
34
CREEDS TAUGHT
IN THE SCHOOLS
Bishop Montgomery Says
the Law Is Openly
Violated.
Protests Against Sectarian Re
ligious Services Before
Pupils.
The Preaching of a Baccalaureate
Sermon Calls Forth a Spirited
Communication.
LOSAAGBLES, Cat.., Jan. 26.— Bishop
George Montgomery of the Catholic dio
cese of Monterey and LO3 Angeles pub
lished an open letter in tne Herald of this
city to-day which will be read with inter
est all over CaJifornia, since it raises a
question of vital import to every citizen
of the State. The communication in full
is as follows:
As a citizen and taxpayer of this city-I beg
enough space in your paper to enter a re^peci
iul protest against permitting our non-secta
rian schools to be made feeders to sectarian
denominations, in plain violation of the con
stitution of the State.
H seems to me that this sort of thins has
gone on about long enough. Time and time
ajtain our daily papers have informed us that
at the closing exercises oi our schools the
minister of some religious denomination ad
dressed the classes. And, besides, it is a fact
well known that in many of the public schools
of the State there are he.d religious exercises
as distinctively sectarian as any church serv
ice. Let those who want sectarian schoois
build them, equip and support them at their
own expense, but not at the expense of the
public.
This writing has been suggested by an item
in this morniug's issue of your paper. It is
there stated that a prominent minister of this
city yesterday "addressed the baccalaureate
6ermon to the students oi the Normal School."
The sermon, as reported, ivas clearly sectarian.
It was delivered, not in the school buildinr,
but in church, where "a block of seats in front
of the pulpit was reserved for the graduates
and their teachers." It was delivered 011 Sun
day at the regular Sunday service, with all
the appendages, it may be presumed, of a
church service.
The characters used in illustration were our
blessed Lord and St. Paul. I think I believe
as strongly in those personages an'l their
teachings as does the speaker of the occasion,
and 1 believe that that teaching ought to be
the rule of our lives. But I do not, therefore,
think it the piorer thing to thrust my belief
before the students of a non-sectarian school,
supported, pro rata, Dy the taxes of Jews and
non-believers.
The constitution of the State guarantees to
the Jew and the non-be«iever that their chil
dren shall not be taught anybody's religious
creed, as It guarantees that same immunity to
every other parent.
It is supposed that the children there are
taught respect for the laws and obedience to
them, and I confess thht it seems to me a
strange way of inculcating that respect and
obedience — by violating them. It is not rignt;
it is not honest. Very respectfully,
George Montgomery,
Bishop of Monterey and Los Angeles.
BABIES POSE FOR PRIZES.
Southern California's T/ny Sovereigns
Rule for a Day at the Home
Products Fair.
LOS ANGELES, Cal.. Jan. 26.—Haz
ard's Pavilion, where the home products
fair is being held, wai crowded this after
noon with fond mamas and the friends of
the little ones generally, who gathered to
witness citrus belt loveliness as displayed
in Southern California babes. It was baby
day at the exposition, and a splendid day
it was. Over fifty toddling youngsters
were wheeled around the pavilion in beau
tifully decorated carriages to the strains of
music by the Catalina band. After the
grand march the carriages were brought
to a halt in front of the stage, in such a
position that the spectators could easily
view them.
There were babies of every description —
blue eyes and black eyes, babies with
Chubby feet and hands and a merry little
smile, as if they really knew and under
stood ail that was taking place. The
prizes awarded consisted of donations
from nearly every business bouse of any
consequence in Los Angeles. These gifts
inclujed rocking-chairs, little snoes, cups,
dolls, rattles and dozens of articles that
go to amuse or adorn the tiny rulers.
The twins entered were: Jessie and Bes
sie Gill, aged 7 months; Leonard and
Leon Nowlin, aged 12 months; Malcom H.
and J. Douglas Baker, aged 23 months,
and Sterling Neward and Slella Scheck,
aged 12 month?.
The following prizes were awarded to
the winners: Prettiest girl baby, Esta
Heilman; handsomest boy baby, F. Em
mei Brown; youngest twins, Jessie and
Bet>sie Gill; oldest twins, Bamer twins;
heaviest boy under 3 years, Horace West
cott; heaviest boy under 2 years, Howard
White. Other babies received prizes do
nated by merchants and other?.
FLED FROM SANTA ANA YEARS AGO.
Portland Police Arrest for Drunkenness a
Man Who Once Possessed Almost
a Million.
PORTLAND, Or., Jan. 26.— 0n Monday
night A. Move, an apparent stranger, was
picked up by the police at the California
steamship dock in a drunken condition.
After regaining consciousness somewhat
he said that it had been his purpose to go
to California. Later in the nigbt he was
identified by a former Southern Californian
as a person having given his correct name,
who at one time lived near Los Angeles
and possessed almost $1,000,000. By some
misadventure he lost nearly every dollar,
and about three years ago be took his wife
and three children to Santa Ana, whence
he suddenly disappeared, and never again
communicated with his family.
Moye's acquaintance at once wired to
his wife, ana she replied that in all this
time she had supported her iamily. She
says that her affection for her husband is
yet stronsj enough to welcome his return,
but she i» without money to pay his
passage.
Moye claims to have been tuning pianos
ever since coming to Portland.
Utarin Election Contest.
SAN RAFAEL, Cal., Jan. 26. — The
Sylva-Ring Supervisorial contest wa3 to
day continued till February 16. The court
ordered the testimony which had been ad
mitted to show that tee plaintiff had vio
lated toe purity of elections law stricken
out and then instructed the District At
torney to investigate his conduct at Bo
linas, and if the evidence warranted it to
prosecute him criminally. Mr. Lorianoof
Sausatito testified that Sylva's reputation
for truthfulness was bad.
Jignlia Murderer Convicted.
VISALIA, Cal., Jan. 26.— After a trial
lasting fiiteen days the jury in the case of
Ben Dice, charged with murder, brought
in a verdict of guilty of murder in tne
second degree this morning. . Dice shot
and killed his brother-in-law, Grant
Smith, last June after a quarrel over the
destruction of a dam in an irrigation ditch
near Smith's house. Dice has a wife and
six young children. He is sickly and will
hardly be able to live out his sentence.
SAN JOSE DIVORCE SUITS.
—
Mrs. Clara Knickerbocker Files Cruelty
Charges — Decree for Mrs.
Buck.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Jan. 26.— Mrs. Clara
Knickerbocker has begun suit for a di
vorce from E. Knickerbocker, the dealer
in ice, on tne ground of extreme cruelty.
They were married in 1872, and have three
children. She charges her husband with
cruelly treating her for the past several
years, and cites one occasion when he
knocked her down with a club and kicked
her. On another occasion the plaintiff
was driven from home and forced to seek
refuge with friends, but subsequently re
turned on tlie promise of defendant to
treat her better.
Knickerbocker is estimated to be worth
$80,000, andp.aint.ff aska for $360 a month
alimony and the custody of the children.
Mrs. Alice Buck was to-day granted a
divorce, on the ground of cruelty, from
Dr. Francis E. Buck, by Judg^ Lorigan.
They reside at Mayfieui. Buck's cruelty
consisted of severe bodily ill treatment,
and on one occasion he was arre>ted and
sentenced to sixty days in the County
Jail for beating his wife. An appeal of
the case is now pending. The plaintiff
was awarded the custody of six minor
children. The defendant waf ordered to
pay $20 per month alimony, although
none had been asked for.
OIL LAM'S LEASED.
Development Work to lie Begun -Rear
. ' San Jose.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Jan. 26.— An instru
ment was tiled in the County Recorder's
office to-day whereby J. P. Sargent leases
a tract of land on the Juristac ranch, near
Sargents station, to A. C. Massey,
whereon the latter will bore for oil. The
land is known as the ".Big Tarbeds," and
the indications are very encouraging lor a
large output of petroleum. The lease is
to run for ten years, with the privilege of
an extension of a similar time. Develop
ment work will be hurried forward.
Justice Court Created.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Jan. 26.— The Board of
Supervisors has created a new Justice
Court for San Jose Township and ap
pointed W. J. Kirkpatrick Justice. Tnis
was done on account of the crowded con
dition of the present court and to handle
the county busine-s now transacted by
City Justice Gass, and for which the city is
about to commence a suit for about $11,000
alleged to be due from trie county for ices.
Jturlal of Juieph Weavtr.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Jan. 26.— The funeral
of Joseph Weaver, who died suddenly in
the San Francisco Receiving Hospital last
Saturday, took place from th* family resi
dence, on the McKee road, this afternoon.
The deceased was tne son of President T.
R. Weaver, of the Board of Trade. The
funeral was a large one, and was attended
by the directors and a large representa
tion of the Board of Trade.
Georrf W. Hellyer Dead.
SAN JOSE. Cal., Jan. 26.— George "W.
Keliyer, a pioneer resident of this county,
died at bis home near Edenvale yesterday.
He was a native of Onio and 75 years of
age. He came to California irom Missouri
in 1850, and three years later settled in
ihis valley. A widow and six children
survive aim.
Snn Jose's Charter Election.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Jan. 26.— 1t is proposed
to hold the city-charter election on Tues
day, February 23, and an ordinance to that
effect has been introduced in the City
Council. If adopted the charter will be
presented to the present Legislature for its
indorsement.
Declare* Himsrlf Insolvent.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Jan. 26.— 1. La&key, a
shoe-dealer, at 126 South First street, has
riled a petition in insolvency. His liabil
ities amount to $3953. His assets consist
of a stock of goods and fixtures worth
$6050.
ENDED HIS DAYS IN VICTORIA.
Death jof " Alabama George," Who Served
on the Cruiser From Which He
Was Nicknamed.
VICTORIA, B. C, Jan. 26.— There
died last night a man whose nickname,
"Alabama George," recalls the famous
Confederate cruiser which, played such
havoc among Northern shipping daring
the civil war in the United States. "Ala
bama George's" name wasHagbert fiansen,
and he was-a Norwegian by birth. In his
younger days he joined the Alabama, and
as one of its crew helped in the capture
of quite a number of Yankee vessels. Only
a few days ago he recalled the fact that
when the Alabama was off the coast of
England, a short time before it met the
Kearsarge, a tug came from shore and
took him and several others of the crew
to land. When they were paid off his
share wai $1200 in prize money.
"Alabama George" lived in a cabin be
hind the Jubilee saloon. On Saturday
evening, while sitting in a chair in the
saloon, he was instantly taken ill. A
policeman was called, and the ex-Con
federate was picked up and carried to his
bed, but he died almost immediately and
before medical aid could be secured.
Heart disease was his ailment.
Ho had been asked by a brother
in North Dakota to go there and live, and
only a few days before his death a ticket
came, of which he had intended to make
use this week.
Turlock Irrijaion Work.
MODESTO. Cal., Jan. 26.— Work on the
much-delayed and much-talked-of con
tract between Judge J. A. Waymire and
the Turlock irrigation district has at last
been resumed. A force of forty men is
now engaged in the tunnel below the joint
dam near La Grange. Judge Waymire
has agreed to compete the district's sys
tem of canals and ditchea In return for all
the outstanding bonds of the district.
Saunnlito Fishermen Arrested.
SAUSALITO, Cal., Jan. 26.— A raid was
made yesterday nnon fishermen off Sausa
lito by Deputy Fish Commissioner J. H.
Davis. Four men were arrested for fish
ing without licenses and brought before
Justice Pryor. They were: Vincente
Maricano, Giuseppe Maricano, Carlo
Quaterano and Giuseppe Catalano. This
morning the men were re eased upon
paying costs and procuring licenses.
Victoria Inquiry Ended.
VICTORIA, B. C, Jan. 26.— The Bering
Sea Claims Commission transacted no
business this morning, the cases of the
British being now practically completed.
From the number of American witnesses
examined here it is now regarded as en
tirely improbable that the commission
will visit San Francisco.
Death nf a Murphys Pioneer.
MURPHYS, Cal., Jan. 26.— Daniel
Thompson, an old-timer in this section
and aged 88 years, died last Friday. He
was a Mexican War veteran and a pen
sioner of the Unite. l States Government.
Have you a pain in the breast, a cough and
stitches through the lungs? Dr. D. Javne's Ex
pectoraut will remove all that; and eventually
cure.
Kegulate your bowels with Jayne's Sanative Fills
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 27, 1897.
JONES RETURNED
TO THE SENATE
Nevada's Lawmakers Ex
tend His Tenure of
Office.
He Receives All but Five of
the Votes Cast in Both
Houses.
McMillan and Judge Fiz?erald Sup
ported by Several of Their
Fo lowers
CARSON, Nev., Jan. 26.— Senator John
P. Jones, the silver champion, was to-day
returned to the upper house of the Na
tional Congress by the lawmakers of Ne
vads. Tliere was no real opposition, the
incumbent getting all but five votes in
both branches of the Legislature. The
two houses will meet in joint session to
morrow and go through the formality of
recasting the ballot and declaring him
their choice.
In the Senate Jones was nominated by
Lord of Storey; William McMillan (R.)
by Summerfield of Wa-<hoe, and Judge
Fitzgerald by Skaggs of Eiko. The vote
resulted: Jones 12, McMillan 2. Fitzger
ald 1. In the Assembly Jones and Mc-
Millan were the nominees. The former
received 28 votes and the latter 2.
Senator Jones will entertain the mem
bers of the Legislature and the press at a
banquet to-morrow.
OH EG OS'S LEGISLATIVE FARCE.
Ttco I/oxvtr Houses of the Legislature in
Session tit Once.
SALEM, Or., Jan. 26.— The regular
House (temporary) was called to order by
Speaker Davis at 9:30 o'clock this morn
ing. After calling the roll the House
adjourned to 9:30 to-morrow.
At 10 o'clock Benson called his House to
order. The roll-call showed thirty-one
members present. The House proceeded
to read petitions praying for a law against
cigarettes and demanding economy.
Several resolutions and bills were intro
duced. Tnere were no new developments.
The House was unyielding, but utterly at a
loss what to do. The Senate is still going
on with its business.
It has now become apparent that no
further attempt will be made by this
House to enforce its recognition by the
Senate, for the sentiment anpears to be
growing that the Benson House is not a
legaiiyconsiituted body. Tne Senate will
sit down upon any attempt to recognize
the House. The business now being trans
acted by the House is looked upon aa a
farce. There is no immediate hope of
electing a United States Senator.
IDAHO OEMOI HATS itEFIAXT.
fitful c Chairman Jones' Jtrqueit That
. Jhey Vote far Uuboi*.
BOISE, Idaho, Jan. 26.— The Populists
in the legislature have returned to their
first choice for Senator, and were joined
by four Democrats in voting for Clagett.
Two ballots were taken, the first resulting
in Clagett receiving 29, Dubois 26, Nel
son (Pop.) 13, scattering 2. Second bal
lot: Clagett 31, Dubois 26, Nelson 12.
; The answer sent by sixteen of the
eiehteen Democratic members of the Leg
islature to Chairman Jones of the Na
i tional Democratic Committee, in which
they absolutely refuse to accede to Jones'
request that they throw their strength to
Duboia, I us proved very discouraging to
the Dubois contingent, for without Demo
cratic aid Dubois cannot be elected. It
looks like a deadlock for an indefinite
period unless the Democrats recede from
their determination not to vote lor Clag
ett. That they may do so at any time
is, however, one of the possibilities. Ii is
the impression to-night that an effort will
be made to-morrow to elect Lewis
(Pop.). _
TirEZrtS JbUTILE Ji ALLOTS.
Utah's Senatorial Deadlock Withstands
Another Day's Attack.
SALT LAKE, Utah, Jan. 26.— Twelve
ballots for United States Senator were
taken in the Legislature to-day without
an election. The result of the first was:
Thatcher (D.) 22, Riwlins (D.) 18, Hen
derson (D.) 14, Lawrence (Pop.) 4, Hol
brook (R.) 3, Powers (D.) L
The succeeding eleven ballots made
no change whatever on the Thatcher,
Rawlins, Henderson and Powers vote, the
supporters of each "standing pat" on
eacli ballot In the last few ballots toe
four Populist:* voted for James Hoean
and the three Republicans for George M.
Cannon. . It is claimed the four Populists
and one of the Republicans will go to
Tbatcher'wben their votes become neces
sary to make the thirty-iwo required to
elect.
Ttro Jiallnti at Olyinpii.
OLYMPIA, Wash., Jan. 26.-The six
teenth ballot for Senator— the first to
day—resulted: Turner3o, Cline 39. Squire
5, Daniels 2, Denny 26, Winsor 1, Mapie 3.
The seventeenth ballot res'ilteil: Cline
40, Turner 30, Denny 26, Squire 4, Daniels
2, Winsor L When the result was an
nounced Cline made a speech full of feel
ing. He said he released all from the
promises made to him and cast his vote
for Wilson. The Legislature adjourned.
A caucus will be held before the next
I ballot is taken.
ACCIUtLSi XtA.lt ARC AT A.
Two Ttrothcr* Xnrrotelif Etcape Death
Under the n heels of a Train. •
EUREKA, Cai:, Jan. 26.— county
road which crosses the -Arcata and Mad
River Railroad track just beyond the
bridge where the fatal wreck on that
road occurred last September, came near
being the scene of another disaster last
evening. John and William Underwood,
brothers, residing on Dows ' Prairie, were
going home on horseback from Arcata,
and on reaching the long slope on the
road lead down to the railroad crossing
started to race their horses. As. they
neared the track, the evening train for
Blue Lake came into Bight and so close
was John, whos«» horse was in the lead,
that he had barely time to throw him
self out of the saddle before his unfor
tunate mount was struck by the moving
train and instantly killed. The horse's
body falling under the wheels, almost
derailed the train. William, whose horse
was slower, was enabled to check it in
time, and aoing to his brother's assistance
found him painfully bruised and cut by
the fall. . v. ;
OOLTt FOR Jn£Z PBKCE IXDIAXS.
*irat Payment on the Lnn&B Ceded to
the Government.
LEWISTON, Idaho, Jan. 36.— One of
the payments to Indians on the ■ Nez
Perce reservation for their lands ceded
to the Federal Government a year . ago is
now being made. The total sum to be
disbursed is $180,000. Agent Fisher began
to issue checks to the Indians of the
Lapwai agency reservation .at 9 ■ o'clock
this morning. Owing to cold weather, the i
Kamias and other Indians from outside
districts did not appear. About 200 re
ceived their checks. Lewiston bankers
did not make arrangements to cash the
checks at the agency. Some bankers from
rival towns were present. Merchants on
the reservation prepared to accommodate
the customers to facilitate collection.
They paid out $20,000 to-day. Only a
dozen Indians came to this town for iheir
money, and they are '"painting it red."
SANTA BARBARA DEBATES.
Men of Learning Discuss Economic
. Frcb/ems Before the Social
* Labor Society.
SANTA BARBARA, Cal., Jan. 26— No
local controversy in recent years has
creatad such a lively interest as the social
problem now being debated under the
auspices of the Social Labor Party of
Santa Barbara, This society started last
November with a small membership, but
now the largest hall la too small to ac
commodate its members, and those drawn
to its meetings by curiosity.
The principal speaker last nifjbt was
F. M. Galßiher, who read on "More or
less Slate Control," which brought forth
a lon;,' controversy and searching criticism.
The import of the paper was that the
minority, being the better educated and the
wiser, must replace in power the majority
which was rushing headlong after an im
possible happiness that no legislation
could obtain. H. J. Weeks ridiculed the
idea that the majority could not be
trusted. He in turn was followed by a dozen
others, some among the most talented of
Santa Barbara's people, who are now
thoroughly interested in this movement.
The Rev. F. S. Forbes closed the de
bate in a sarcastic vein, stating that he
did not sea why a voor man should be
favored more than a rich one; why a man
who stole a State should be confined in
the United Statt-s Senate and a man who
stole a loaf of bread oe supported in a
State hotel; why a man who Btole a rail
road should be compelled to ride in a
palace car, while a man who stole a ride
should live at a public hotel supported by
the people. He said these things might
be natural and that the leopard could not
change his spots, but he thought the
people could spot the leopard.
MEETS NEXT AT PORTLAND.
B'nai B'rith Grand Lodge Concludes
fts Session at Stockton and
Adjourns.
STOCKTON, Cal., Jan. 26.— The session
of the Grand Lod;;e of B'nai B'rith closed
to-night. This afternoon was taken up
by the election of officers. Martin P.
Stein of this city was elected president,
Edward Bare fir^-t vice-president, Simon
B*;ruch second vice-president, Benjamin
Harris treasurer and I. J. Aechheim secre
tary. There was a contest for the office of
secretary, Aschheim receiving 67 votes
and Jacob Levison, the former secre
tary, 52.
The other officers elected were: Trus
tees — Louis Cohen, Max Marcuse and
Simon Hochstadter; Court of Appeals,
District 4 — Jacob Greenebaum, Edward
Tauzky, H. Gutstadt, Henry Schwartz
and David S. Hirschberj;; sentinel, Sam
uel S. Fieishacker; messenger, Max
Levy; medical examiner, Dr. J. S. Kahn.
At the morning session $1750 was appro
priated for the library fund. After a
vigorous debate the question of maintain
ing a free Hebrew school was defeated.
This was one of the most hotly contested
of the subjects that came before the ses
sion, as the next meeting- place of the
Grand Lodge, Portland, Or., was to-night
selected.
After the adjournment the deleeates re
paired to the residence of Moses Marks,
where a reception was tendered the YisiM
ors and their friends by M. P. Stein, the
newly elected president of the order. An
impromptu musical and literary pro
gramme had been prepared, and the affair
was one of the most enjoyable in the his
tory of the organization.
31 ILL TALL El SANITARIUM.
San J-ravctMCo I'hyticlana Will Lease
the Mont* Vitta Hotel.
MILL VALLEY, Cal., Jan. 26.—
Monte Vista Hotel, situated on Throck
morton avenue in Mill Valley, is .to be
turned into a sanitarium by the Mill
Valley Mineral Springs Company, and
arrangements are now being made to
secure the co-operation of the leading
physicians in San Francisco. Already
Dr3. C. E. Cooper, Martin Regensbnrger,
C. W. Card. Dr. yon Hoffmann and E. F.
Carp have become interested in the
scheme.
The Mill Valley Mineral Springs Com
pany is alrpady engaged in supplying sul
phuric mud to hospitals in the metropolis
and it is now the intention to open a sani
tarium near the mud wells. E. Steele, the
agent for the company, said he expected
tne necessary arrangements would shortly
be made to convert the hotel into a sani
tarium, and mentioned the names of a
number of physicians who had become
interested in the proposition. ,
Tat*i Kern's Grand Jury.
BAKERSFIELD, Cal., Jan. 26.— The
last ot the famous "long" Grand Jury
indictments met an inglorious fate last
niuht, when it took a trial jury less than
five minutes to find Superintendent
of Schools Harrell not guilty of
the charge of misappropriating public
funds. The indictment was based upon
the evidence of Expert Edgar Moore
of Los Angeles, and he bad become so
thoroughly discredited in the previous
cases that no weight was attached to his
testimony. The acquittal lollowed almost
as a matter of course. Every indictment
found by that Grand .Jury has now been
disDOsed of, and the result has in every
case been the same— prompt acquittal aa
soon as the trial jury could take a vote.
Atti-mped Suicide at Sacramento.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Jan. 26.— A
young woman, evidently insane, made
two attempts to commit suicide on the
outskirts of the city yesterday afternoon.
Sue stood on the railroad track in from
of an approaching freight train. The
train was stopped just in time. The fire
man got out and iield the woman until
the train passed. The outgoing train
rner. another at Brighton. The trainmen
informed the incoming crew, putting them
on their guard. When the girl made a
second attempt she was taken on board
and brought to the city, whence she was
sent to the County Hospital. She is a
stranger, and refused to give her name.
Arrented i n Hutto County.
SANTA ROSA, Cal., Jan. 26.-P. S.
Wallace, the Por land man who claimed
to nave been the victim of a sensational
highway robbery near iiere a few days
aeo, is in serious trouble. He has been
arrested on information from Gridley,
Butte County, and lodjted in jail. It is
alleged that he got a horse from a person
in Butte County to be used for a few days
and then returned, but that he did not
return the animal or pay fc its use.
Wallace and bis wife were very indignant
over his arrest, claiming that it was due
to spitework. Wallace acted so queerly
about tbe alleged robbery many here
discredit the entire story.
Jtequett to a Murphy* Church.
MURPHYS, Cal., Jan. 26.^-Mrs. Eliza
Hoyt of this place, who died about a
month ago at West Spnngfiefd, Vt,
willed to the Congrpgational church of
Murphys the sum of $10,000. This money,
according to the conditions of the bequest,
wil. be placed in trust, the accruing inter
est alone being available and accessible
to the trustees of the church.
TO CURE A COLD IN ONK OAY.
Take laxative Bromo Quinine Tablets. All drug
gists refund the money II It fella to euro, 250
ROASTED IN HIS
BURNING HOME
Nathan B. Dimmick's Body
Found Wrapped in
Flames.
Murder or Suicide of an Aged
Capitalist of Santa
Cruz.
Kerosene Oil Poured Over the Floors
of His Dwelling to Hasten
Its Destruction.
SANTA CRUZ, Cal., Jan. 2a — The
body of Nathan B. Dimmick, burned to a
crisp, was discovered in hia burning
dwelling east of this city this afternoon
by two neighbors. The surroundings in
dicated either murder or suicide.
The body was lying face downward on
the parlor floor. Both that room and the
bedroom adjoining were ablaze, but the
firemen soon quenciied the flames, which
did not reach the other portions of the
building. A large tin bucket near the
body appeared to have contained kero
sene.
Dimmick was 64 years of age and had
been married twice. His first wife died a
year ago and two months ago he married
Mrs. H. B. Herrick. He was well-to-do,
and the couple lived on his income. They
were preparing to move to San Diego.
About 2 o'clock this afternoon Mrs.
Dimmick came to town, leaving Mr. Dim
nr.c-k at home, as he complained of head
ache and said be would lie down and
sleep. His gold watch, which was found
near the body, had stopped at 2:45, indi
cating the probable time of his death.
A. A. Day, a neighbor, saw Dimmick
enter the house from the rear. Five
minutes later the fire broke out. Day gave
the alarm, and with several neighbors,
burst in the door.
In the sitting-room they found a five
gallon oil can with a large hole cut in the
top through which the oil had been
emptied.
Another can in the woodshed had been
cut into with a spade and part of its con
tents poured out, presumably into the
bucket found in the parlor. A broom
standing near by bore evidence of having
been used to spread the oil.
The position.of the body does not favor
the theory of suicide, for which no ap
parent cause existed.
On the other hand the gold watch and
$18 in gold and silver found on the body
are evidence that if a murder were com- :
mitted the object was not robbery. The I
body was so badly burned that it could
not be ascertained if any wounds bad
been inflicted. The men who ran to the
rescue are quite positive that all the doors
were locked on the inside.
Pendleton Defaulter Sentenced.
PENDLETON, Ok.. Jan. 26.— Gaorge R.
Lash, the defaulting City Recorder, was
this morning sentenced to three years and
six months in the penitentiary, and fined
$4000. The court instructed the Grand
jury to make a searching investigation
into the charges that other town officials
are implicated in the defalcation.
Clubhouie for JHoint I.omn.
SAN DIEGO. Cal., Jan. 23.— Edward P.
Ram bo of San Francisco to-day purchased
165 acres of land at Point Lotus, abuttiug
on the Pacific Ocean, for $13,000. On this
trunt it is proposed to erect a big club
house and other improvements for a New
York sportsmen's society. The improve
ments will cost 150,000.
Santa Barbara Woman's Death.
TACOMA, Wash., Jan. 26.— Mrs. Hattie
Morrill, wife of W. I*. Morrill of Santa
Barbara, Cal., died to-day at St. Joseph's
Hospital here from the effects of a
surgical operation to remove a cancer.
Her husband was present.
7/ir Cedarbank Him the Wager.
QUEENSTOWN, Ireland. Jan. 26— The
British bark Cedarbank, Captain Moody,
which left San Francisco September 13,
passed Prawle Point this afternoon. The
Cedarbank is racing for a wager with the
British ship Ditton, which sailed from
San Francisco on the same day. The
latter vessel has not yet been sighted.
■ — r~~ ~ — — : 7
I DISABILITIES.
Do you feel more tired in the morning
than ongoing to bed? Do you have mel-
ancholy spells, poor memory, shy, de-
spondent, want to be Let alone, irritable?
If.you do feel so you suffer, from Nervous
Debility. If you are treated now you can
be cured. If you wait you may wait a
little too long. Many who wait become
nervous wrecks. Don't you wait. The
sure, speedy cure is the UREAT .
" hctjid YA.:ixr."
HUDYAN CURES
LOST MANHOOD.
FAILING POWERS,
NERVOUS DEBILITY,
HORRIBLE DREAMS,
> CONSTIPATION,
; LOSS OP POWER,
:r •;; LOSS op CAPACITY, 5
LACK OF ENERGY.
. Call or write for V
CIRCULARS AND TESTIMONIALS.
RlrtAfl Paioaii First secondary, tertiary
DIOOU I OIS Oil forms of blood disorders
■■■■< '•:*' "are manifested by cop-
•RlnAfl PAKAII Per-colored spots, itch-
DIOOU 1 OlSOn ing skin, irritated," dry.
parched throat, ulcers in
Plaail Paioaii the mouth - falling hair.
1)100(1 1 OlSOn Act prompt. Get cured.
, ■' The 30-day cure is what
Blood Poison L? need ; Callorwrite
*30-DAY-CURE CIRCULARS.
Hudson Medical Institute
Stockton, Market and Ellis Sts. '
E , a patents! a)
!2Q MARKET aT.SjSSJr
SUFFER NO MORE NOW
Paine's Celery Compound Is Working
Miracles in Curing Disease.
Paine's celery compound is working
miracles in the cure of disease!
So saya a recent article by ths foremost
medical essayist in Boston.
"Nothing shows more conclusively," he
adds, "the astonishing capability ot
Paine's celery compound than the thought-
ful, open-minded clas3 of poople who use
it and recommend it, both in public and
among their closest and dearest friends
and relatives. Among us (physicians)
there is no longer any hesitancy in recom-
mending this •greatest remedy without
stint of praise."
About the same time the above article
•was published tnere appeared in the Bos-
ton Journal the following letter from
David K. Chasser of 452 Windsor street,
Cambridgeport, a suburb of Boston:
"I take great pleasure in testifying to
the extraordinary merits of Paine's celery
compound. For some lime past I have
been under the treatment of two well-
known local doctors, but their combined
efforts proved of no avail. I have been
for years a harsh skeptic in recarrt to arl-
DR.MCNULTY,
rvm& WELL-KNOWN AND RKLrABLE OL1» ■
-1. Specialist cure* Private, Nervous.Blood and Skill
Diseases of Men only. Manly Power restored. Over
20 years' experience. Rend for Book, free. ■ Patients •
cured at Home. Terms reasonable. Hours. 9 to 3
daily ; 6:3o t0 8.30 eves. Sundays. 10 to 12. Consulta- '
tion free and sacredly confidential. Call or address
P. BOSCOE JIcStITT, M. ».,
2f!"t Hraiii.r Street, Kan ('ranriirii, Cal. I
PCblohestcr** En«lUb Dlaanosd Brud. '-■
ENNYROYAL PILLS
-tfi"~~v Original »nd Only Genuine. A
j- ,i (>K \ MFC, iJwuyi r-illble. ■ L*OIC9 ut jK\
f'Jri trAtt Drsffiit for Ciichtt'er » Bnfliih l>ia/T\\ i
fariJTTijJTl i iTn rln lied »ci Gold meui;ic\\&7
_T*nt»ui, ««&l*d with bin. ribbon. Tat* VST
T?i #^ 9sjbs ether. Rtfutt dangwout mbttifi- V .
If — AfUanfmUmiCatim: At Dro«|riit>, «r —d 4«.
I * -" io utAmpc for j>artic»l*ra, tMtiaaoi&ls and
\ "#» D "'Relief for Ladles," in letter, b? retara
JV. If M«IL 10*000 TeiUmonial«. Same Paper.
V — — r<TilcJi»»f«r CkenUc»lCo..M»<lLon S<, nß ,e,
IdWtoaULfulDruEsiiU. .. :'hli*J -v, Pm
KAIT.ROAD TRAVEL. !
SMFRAMSCO & KORTB Pi
CIFIC RAILWAY CO.
Tlburon Ferry— Foot of Market St.
_v - San Francisco to San Rafael.
WEEK BAYS— 7:3O, 9:00, 11:00 A. v.; 12:3\
8:30, 6:10, 6:30 P. M. Thursdays— Extra trts
' at 11 :30 p. m. Saturdays— trips at 1:M
and 11:30 p. it
SUNDAYS— S:OO. 9:30, 11:00 A. M.; 1:30, 3:301
6:00, 6:20 p.*.
San Rafael to San Francisco.
WEEK DAYS— 6:I6, 7:50, 9:20, 11:10 A. it-
-12:45.3:40,5:10 P. K. Saturdays— Extra trlni '
at 1:65 p. m. and 6:35 p. m. *™
BUND AYB— B:IO, 9:40, 11:10 A." m.; I:4a 3:41
6KK), 6:25 p. M. *
Between San Francisco and Scbuetzea Park sanu
ecbedule as above.
Leave - .. ,-,>,,„,. ' Arrive
i,- San Francisco. Oct. 14. s * n *"«"»claca
W»ick I Bus- ueiSadon. B^- I Wikk"
Patb. I pays. "estlnaUon. - PAYa- |, Days>
7:80 am 8:00 ami Novato, 10:40 am 8:40 ax:
8:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma, 6:10 pm 10:25 am
• ;10 en , 5:00 pm i Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm| 6:22 pm
■ ■ ~~" Fulton, "T • ~~
7:80 am Windsor, < 10:25 **»
Healdsburg, '
l ytton,
Geyservllle,
8:30 PM 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:38 pm 6:23 pm
'■ " j Pieta. j ~ "- "
; Hopland & i
7:3oam 8:00 am| Ukiah. | 7:35 pm 6:23
7:30 am < ■■ . - . "~ 10:25 am
8:00 am Guernevllle. 7:35 pm
8:30 PM ' 6:22 pm
7:80 am 8:00 am Sonoma 10:40 am 8:40 am
■ ■ , ■ and
6:10 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. 6:10 pm 6:22 pm I
7:30 am 1 8:00 am) sena-tor*,! 110:40 110:2 >AM I
8:30 1 5 :00 pm | | 6:10 | 6:22 pm i
Stages connect at Santa Bosa for Mark West i
Springs; at Geyservllle for Skages Springs; at !
Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Pieta for Highland
Borings. Kelseyville, Soda Bay and i^keport; at
Eopland for Lakeport and Bartlett Springs; at
Ultlah for Vichy springs, Saratoga Springs, Blun I
Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake, Upper Lake, Porno, Potter
Valley. John Day's, Riverside, Lleriey's, Back- ■
nells, Sanbedrin Heights. HullvlUe, Booneville, '
Greenwood, Orr*B Hot Springs. Mendoclno City '
Fort Bract:, Westport, 'Usal, willets, ■ Cab to, . Co- I
velo, Laytonville. Harris, Scotia aDd Eureka. '.-
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at reduce!
rates. 1 - .• ■■
- On Sundays round-trip tickets •to all points be-
yond San Kaf atl at half rates.
1 Ticket Offices. 650 Market St., Chronicle bnHdln*. '
H. ft WHITING,, . B.X.RYAN. v
Pen. Manages. _ Gen. Pass. Agent.
Atlantic "^^^^
Trains leave am * rrlT ' 3 atSS^Sm^MH
SANTA FE EXPRESS. I^llll
ao Ch i c iS\:r»e v - * P -^^^^ 1
g^-cC-in^^ ssns^ssfte
Mnn?~li via Kansas City, Chicago,
* e.dly^ th * Wmte ■ ilount a lcaVB eviry
The best ran way from California to the Bast.
fr,, J^ii newiles : no dust; inerestlnu scenery,
and good meals in Harvey* dining-rooms. . .
San Francisco Ticket Office, 644 Market
St., Chronicle !uildin . Telei)lioneMaln
X&3l. Oakland. Ills tiroadway ' .
THE m FRISCiSCO AID SAIf JOAODU
¥ALLEIf RAILWAY COMPAQ. : :
FROM JANUARY 1, 1897. passenger trains
win run dally, excepting Sunday:
Southbound. Station*. Northbound.
T»U A. m. Stockton 6:40 p. m.
9:49 a. m .......;. .Merced. ...... 3:14 p m.
11:60 a M ...Fre5n0....... 1:10 M. -
; For Intermediate stations see time-table.
Connect! steamboats of the O. N. -& L Co.
leave Ban Francisco it 6 p.m. dally,' excepting
Saturday, ami Stockton at 6 ft K. dally, excepting
buuuayt - ■• . . ■ - . .
vortised medicines, but having stiff ered
excruciating pains in the bead, which tbe
doctors informed me were due to neural-
gic symptoms, I determined to try Maine's
celery compound on the advice of a friend.
"To my surprise I found an entire
change going on afier taking a little over
three bottles and I beean to feel like a
new man. I have for tbe past 10 or 12
years suffered from pains in the back and
other symptoms of derangement of the
kidneys and bladder, and hive spent many
sleepless nights in consequence, but now I
sleep sound, thanks to tfie common sense
which induced me to try Paine's celery
compound. I will ev3r praise the marvel-
ous potency of this valuable medicine,
and at any time will be glad to give per-
sona! testimony at my address should any
sufferer care to call, as I consider it selfish
to keep sach a blessing boused up, and
think the proprietors of Paine's celery
compound deserving of more thanks than
I can convey in words for making me a
new man."
A word to other sufferers:
Go to your druggist for a bottle of
Paine's celery compound, and allow him
to apll you nothing else !
RAH.ROAO TRAvtna _ -V.V 'V
SOITIIESS I>A«'IFIC COMPANY.
' • (pacific SYBTKM.)
Train* l«>»v«- and ar« <lnr to arrive at ..
KAN I'ICAKi'MCO.
leave — From Jakpary 1. 1897. ' — ABRrm
•«:<>• a Nfles, Kan Jose and Way Stations... 8:43 a
7:<»Oa Atlantic Express", Og'len and Kaf.t... 8:15?
' 7:UOa Benicia, Vacaville, Rumsey. Sacra-
■ mento. OroTille and Redding I via . .'■■;-■
..'■ Darls ....„-....., 6i4Bp
■' 7:30 a Martinez, San Ramon, Vallejo, Kapa, JJ ** •
1 Calistoga and Santa R05a.......... OtlS*
B::tOAXi!es, Baa Jose. Stock tou, lone,
i Sacramento, Marysville, Cnico,
Tehama and Re.l U1uff...... ...... -«»15r
•8:30 a Peters and Milton «7ilSr
9:0Oa Nsw Orleans Express, Raymond (for . .;.-•■
.-„- Yosamlto), Fresno, BakersOeld,
' Santa llarbara, l.os Angeles, Dem-
ing, El Paso, Sew Orleans and
East 4i45p
9:00 a Martinez and Stockton i 4:4Sp
»:00a Vallejo 6«13p
' Kilos, San Jose, Liverniore and
Stockton... 7:15p
•I:OOp Sacramento River Steamers »O:OOp
l:OOp Kites, San Jose and Livermcre H:43a
fl:<tAp Port Costa and Way Stations i7: 43p
4 :OUi- Martinez, San Rainoii. Vallejo.
Kapa, Calistoga, J.I Verauo and
Santa Rosa :... »:13a
i 4:00p Benicia, Vacarille, Woodland .-■.
Knights Landing, Marysrille, Oro-
ville and Sacramento..... .* 11:15 a
4:SOp Lathrop, Stockton, Modesto, - Mer- •
ced and Fresno, going via Kiles, - .
returning ria Martinez..' .'.... 11:43 a
5:OOr Los Angeles Express. Tracy,
- Fresno, Santa Barbara and Los
Angeles 10:43 a
3:00 Santa Fa Route. Atlautic Express
forMojar* and East.. Jo:43a
6:OOp Europeau Mail, Ogdait and East.... 0i4.1a
6:OOp Hajwards, Kiles aud Sail Jose 7<45a
17:0OpVaUcjo i 7:43»
7:OOp Oregon Express, Sacramento, Marys.
villH, Redding, Portland. Tuget
Sound ami I'.ast 11<1Sa
"Sunset Limited." Fresno, Los
Angeles, Bl Paso, Kew Orleans
and East |l.St4sp
SAM A i:iti:z DIVISION (Marrow tiauyei.
: S»l!>A Newark. < 'tut r Saii. lose, Felton,
Creek.Santa Cruz and Way
Stations .....:.-....■..... OlSOr
•»:13p Newark. CenteMille, San Jose, New
Almaden, Felton, Boulder Creek,
Santa Cruz and Principal Way
Stations.... ; 1:20 a
4:ir»i- Kcwark. San .lose and Los tiatos ... 9:30 a
t11:43p Hunters' Excursion, Ban Joso and
"Way Station s•.....;.. t7:3op
COAST IU VISION ribiril A, Towntwnil S>».)
6:43 a Sau Jose and Way Stations (New
Almadeu Wednesdays only) l<3or
■:13a San Jose, Tres linos, Santa Cruz.
Pacitio Groie, Paso Rubles, San
Luis Obispo, Ciuadalupe, Surf aud
Principal Way Stations 7lO«p
IO:4O.v San Jimoiind Way SUtions B:OOp
I 1:3Oa Palo Alto and Way Stations 3i30«
*2:30r San Matco, Menlo Park, San Jose,
Gilroy, Tres Pinos, Santa Cmi,
■ Balinas,Monterey »ml PaciticGrovu *IO:*Oa
•S-.nopBau Jose Way SUtlous 9:43*
*4:3Oi>Sau .lesoau.l Way Stations *8:O3a
3:3oi> S» jose ami Priucipal Way Stations *8:43 a
6:30p San Jose and Way SUtions fi::t3\
1ll:45p San Jose anil Way Stations Kt4sp
" .SAX LKAXUKO AMI HAYtYARO.S UN AL.
»*6:ooa * ~~~ ? 7:13 a
8:OOa I f»:4.^A
iHSaI »elros«,Be»| M ryP.rk, \\^
"aiSJJp Fltrhbnrg,SanL««idn». »'«£
3:00p ' nd * »■■♦•>•■■
4:OOp 1 S:4»p
S: :^p H.!W»rd^ «;i«P
■ 7:« Op ■ ' ; Bi4!ti-
; |!SSp ißtinstiroUKhtoNilM. , ,' x^Sp
ttll:15p; * From Mies. . . .tftiarOOp
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
from S&S FR4SCISCO— PooI of Market Street (Slip B)— ' • •
♦7:15 9:00 11:00 a.m. 11: M •2-fIQ 13-00
Fr«nOAn.iHD— Foot of Bra*dw» j.— »6:00 8:00
10KK)a.m. 1:13:90 ♦1:00 ' •■; 12:00 *3;00 . ti."oo
*5:00f.»«. - :. ■ . ;. ;ir;<
• -A for Morning. p for Afternoon .
* Sundays exceptad. . . - f Saturdays only.
•V.. 'V tl 1 Sundays only.
it Monday. Thursday and Saturday nights only
TTue days and Saturdays. § Sundays and Thursday*.
lORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD
(Via Sausalito Ferry).
tmu Baa *'ranclaco, Commencing Sept. l& 183 X
WEEKDAY*
Far Mm VaUey and San Rafael-*™** a?*' 1 *
11:00 a. M.: 'l^S. 3:45. «6:1 B. »5 :46,«:30 p.m.
Extra trips for San Rafael on Monday*. wedat»
day* and Saturdays at 11:30 p. *•  ,'
SUNDAYS.
For Mm Valley and Ban Bafael— •8:00. »10:0 i
•11:80 a. *.: »l:S0. 3:00. *4:30. 6:16». M.
Train* marked • run to ban Quentln.
! THROUGH TRAINS.
Far Pol Reyes and way stations— 7 (2S a, n,
Weekdays, 8 4)0 a. v. bundaya, 1:45 a. M. bato*
aays. --.'_ • • ■ . . . ■
1 «r Cas^dero and way station*— 7 :2s A. M. wa«»
t*l»l 1t46 r. m. satordaya,
ffIOWTpLPAJsT
cZSI'&nIESZ?* with North Paoift «
WKKK I»AVS-LeaveS.F. 9:I"iA.M. 1:4»»V
BUN DAYS- Leave S.F: Ba. m ■ 1 1;30 aT it I«ui 2:
Returning-Arrive 5.F.1:16 p.m. 4:20 P.i 7 iepjfc
'llcketsforsalein Mill Valley or : • ■'. f •*■
mViiT,* I .?^ co^ k & sONS « 6 " Market «., a. r. .
| MU Valley ana iiount XitmalpAta t>c«sie Kali way.LITTLE PETE
HAS PASSED
His Funeral Made a Gay
Holiday in China
town.
THE CAMERA FIEND IN
CLOVER.
While the Widow and Her Chil
dren Wept the See Yups
Celebrated.
A HOB AT THE CEM£TERY
PLAYS HAVOC.
The Police Have Secur d Another
Suspect — He Is Gee Pon J n, and
Is Well Identified.
The funeral of Little Pete yesterday
i formed the occasion of a heathen holiday.
When any great thine shall happen in
Chinatown in the years to come and some
word shall be wanted to draw comparison
of the interest manifested, it will be set
alongside of "the day that Little Pete was
buried."
From tbe lighting of tbe first taper
on the curb in front of the closed shop
where ha was shot to death until the
mob charged, almost over his coffin, at
the cemetery, carrying away tbe baked
meats and putting to rout the mourners,
the affair was an altogether notable one
in funerals.
Little Pete was not a good man in his
lifetime, but he had a pall and it made
him great. Perhaps in his wicked way
he was great in the first instance, and tnat
secured him the pull. At any rate he was
great, at the last, in Chinatown, and his
greatness, testified to by a funeral a mile |
lone, was the cause of bis undoing and
precipitated the funeral upon him pre
maturely.
To the matter-of-fact native a Chinese
funeral, with its barbaric rites and color,
and incense and chanting, is always inter
esting, but the interest attaching to Little
Pete himself and his killing being added
in t'lis instance made it a gala day in
Chinatown.
Ail tbe night before there bad been go
ing on in the street in front of the build
ing where the murder was done, and
where the body now lay, those familiar j
preliminary rites, the burning of punk, j
the clang of cymbals, the incantation of !
the priests and the offering to the gods !
of fruits and meats and drinks. For the
body had been brought from the Morgue
and lay in the shoe factory on the second J
floor that had been owned by the schem- j
jne little Chinaman.
On the floor above, in the two little j
■joms that had been their home, the wife j
and her children and her friends kept up i
an intermittent moaning.
In tbe ovens and bakeshops of tbe neigh
borhood great preparations were going
forward, for unheard of quant iti s of
meat and pastry had to be prepared for j
the appeasing of the ravenous appetites of
tbe gods and their consequent propitia- I
tion in behalf of the very unsavory record ;
of Little Pete.
Then there were great numbers of
gowns to be stitched together for the ,
mourners, real and purchased.
Yesterday morning early the real ser
vices began, although the hour fixed for j
the funeral was at 1 of the afternoon. The
leather and tbe machines and all the work
of the factory had been cleared away as i
much as possible and the handsome black j
Funeral Procession of "Little Pete" as It Started From His Late Residence and Scene of the Murder on Washington^Street.
metallic casket placed in an "L" of the
low ceiled gloomy room in front of the
windows. Banked about the head were a
profusion of flowers in costly designs, from
the friends of the deceased, in white and
yellow.
At the foot of the casket were number?
j of colored candles and burning sticks of
punk that weighted the already heavy
atmosphere with their smoke and in
cense. A: the dark, rear end of the big
room sufpended near the rafters was an
altar with the images of heathen gods and
more candles and more punk.
In the corner of the room opposite to
where the casket stood were scattered the
widow and children and their supporters,
the professional mourners, the latter
wearing blue wrappeis and flowing white
headdresses.
The widow wore over all ajjhood and
wrapper of sackcloth, which enveloped
and concealed l:er. The children were
dressed in like manner, exceiit that their
faces were not hidden. The party were
grouped upon thm;- knees upon a mat,
and kept up a constant and subdued
lamentation, which served as an accom
paniment to the incantations of the priest.
Men dresssed in blue and white gowns
stood as sentinels by the casket, and the
brother of the dead man stepped about
giving directions.
A long procession of men, friend s of the
! deceased, at a given signal came into the
! room, and two by two knelt before thje
foot of the casket, taking their last fare
well.
All this time the door from the street
was open, and those whites as well as
Chinese who had the proper influence
with the policeman on guard had admit
tance. Their tobacco smoke mingled
with that of the burning punk. They
shuffled about tosether, few of them think
ing to uncover their head*, but all lost
in Tvatching the curious spectacle that
was passing. On the boxes and perched
upon the heaps of leather and findings in
th« r-mote corners of the black and
grimy factory were pigtails of low degree,
quite as much interested as the whites, to
whom it was all less familiar. Through
the crowd on the floor there struggled now
and then one of those white women of
I Chinatown to whom it is said "Little
! Pete" in his lifetime had been very
I generous. One of them brought to his
i casket a littls bunch of flowers.
In thi" setting, his fieure half revealed
through the glass cover, the dead man's
powder-stained face looked up to the
smoky rafters, the round hole in his fore
nead telling its own story.
Outside the street was blocked for
squares away. A squad of twenty-rive
policemen found it impossible to keep the
tliorouirhfare open. Every window on
j the street and every dcor and lamppost
was occupied, and housetops all up and
down the street were fringed with peonle.
Business in a large part of Chinatown was
practically suspended.
And just around the corner, at the
headquarters of the See Yup Tong, that
plotted and executed the murder of Little
Pete, was in progress at that very moment
a celebration of the event.
Wnile his friends mourned the members
of the highbinder society made little con
cealment even in public of their joy at
the success of their undertaking. So ap
pare.it was this that it was fearei there
j might be some interference with the
i funeral ceremony, and this, besides the
! anticipation of the crowds that might, be
collecte I, decided the directors upon hold
ing aji tbe services within doors.
The police were feopt busy in their en
j deavor to keep people moving so that a
| way might be left for the hearse and the
I carriages of the mourners. Only these
j attempted to come into Washington
i street, they being statior.ed and receiving
j their occupants in the remote side streets.
Shortly after 1 o'clock the procession
started. It was ied by a platoon of police,
who forced the way open. A brass band
followed. Carriages containing the floral
■ gifts preceded the hearse. This latter was j
! drawn by six black horses caparisoned in I
I black trappings. Following came the
mourners, coisy in their lamentations,
and then tbe gongs and symbols and all
■ the rest of it. As they moved away from
I the nouse it wa>> cleared of thp evil spirits
! that came with death by an explosion of
j firecrackers.
The procession moved up to Stockton
street ana north to Montgomery avenue,
| thence to Dupont street, to Post and
j thence west to the cemetery. The mourn
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 27, 1897.
ers walked over all this route to Post
street, where they were lifted into cov
ered express wagons, and in that shape,
signifying their sorrow, were carried to
the cemetery.
There the crush was almost as great as
it had been in the City.
The Sam Yap cemetery is a little patch
of ground adjoining the Jewish cemetery
at the further limits of Richmond. The
purpose of going there was not to inter
the body, but only to complete the funeral
ceremony, for afterward the body was
taken back to the undertaker's, there to
remain some time and be finally sent to
China.
The road leading to the cemetary was
darkened for a mile by people who fol
lowed the slow procession. They came
by streetcar, on bikes and by private con
veyance, and when the hearse drew up at
the gate, the platform provided for the
casket and the mourners and the priest
had already been pre-empted. A mounted
policeman rode into the mass before it
would disperse. At one end of the plat
form was an immense table, and upon
this was 9prend the roast pigs and shoep,
poultry, trays of rice and of tea and gin,
that weighted down several wagons in
their transportation.
The casket was put in place, and the
mourners took their places about it, and
were so pressed upon by the crowd as to
be scarcely able to retain their places.
The bonfire that makes a part of the cere
mony had to be lit at a considerable dis
tance away. People climbed upon the
monuments th.it flank the place and
broke down some trees in the neighbor
hood, trying to hang on to the branchei.
The ceremony was shortened on this ac
count.
Then come the most remarkable scene
of all. Immediately upon the removal of
the casket to the hearse again and the
withdrawal of the mourners to their bag
gace-wagon, the crowd developed into a
mob and made a rush upon the table
tilled with meats. A woman started it.
She wanted a souvenir of the funeral of
Little Pete and, stepping forward, took
one of the little vessels that make a part
of the spread. The crowd yelled and in
two minutes the table was swept clear of
the more portable things.
A man picked up a dish of rice and
threw it over the crowd, creating a panic.
The mounted policeman, who had ridden
away, escorting the mourners, hearing
the noise, returned in time to see four
men dragging away the carcass of a
roast hoe. He dashed through the crowd,
overtook and compelled them to carry it
back again, amid the hoots of the crowd.
Tftus ended the public funeral service of
Little Pete. The throng strangled bsck
to town, carrying with it a sense of hav
ing been well entertained.
For three days the widow will make
lamentations at the undertaking estab
lishment, and then the body will h«
placet* iii a receiving vault at Laurel Hill
until, the estate having b^en settled up,
it will be -eat to China, and widow and
children will go with it.
The Chinese New Year will be^in on
Monday. It has been stated that the
widow of Little Pete has expressed a wil
lingness to go home during the tirrft
month of the new year, taking with her
but $10,000, and that she wishes the re
mainder used in paying legal fees, funeral
expenses and costs of settling up affairs in
general, but principally to be used in the
detection, arrest and prosecution of her
husband's murderer.
HIS HEATHEN PRAYER.
I Something: of the Meaning of the
Ritual Performed Over "Little
Pete's" Remains.
The incantation of the prest in yester
day's ceremony consisted of the Faoist
chant, and it was accompanied with a
pair of rosewood clappers. The chant is
adopted from tne Sanskrit, and none but
! the priests themselves can understand the
' literai signification.
The meaning of tbe chant of the priest
is simply that of a prayer. In it he be
seeches the Chinese Pluto, Yung Loh
Wong, to be merciful to the spirit of the
I dead man.
ANOTHER SUSPECT.
Gee Pon Jin In Jail at tho Instance
of Frank Mason.
Another Mongolian of vicious appear
ance is confined in the tanks of the City
Prison under suspicion of having fired to*
shots that closed the career of "Little
Pete." He is known by his fellow pagan
associates as Gee Pon Jin. The police ac
cept the name as correct, as it is of slight
importance.
They Know him to be a member of the
Suey Sing Tong, a reckless man in high
binder controversy, and have a fairly
good case against him, so they are con
tent.
Frank Mason, an ex-fireman, is the
most important witness against the pris
oner. Us had passed through Ross alley
into Washington street on the night of
the murder, and was standing near the
barber-shop when "Little Pete" was shot
to death.
Two Chinamen, one of them the assas
sin, sprang from the doorway and hur
ried past the ex-fireman. Plenty of ligln
was stiining from the windows on the
street, and Mason impressed the features
of the fleeing hiehbinders on his mind.
Since that time Mason has been fre
quenting tbe Mongolian quarters, hoping
to meet the Chinaman he iiad seen hurry
ing from the scene of the killing. Last
evening he was successiul and noticed
Gee Pon Jin entering a tenement house at
824 Washington street. He notified Officer
W. H. Young and they returned to the
lodging-house together.
After a ciimb up a dark flight of stairs,
the policeman and his informant located
the room entered by the desired China
man. He was sitting among a dozen of
his fellow countrymen. Mason pointed
him out, and he was placed under arrest.
Sergeant Mooney of «he Chinatown squad
was informed of the arrest and will trace
Gee Pou Jin's movements since the mur
der.
MANY MEN GUARDED.
Chinatown R sts Under an Awful
Suspense.
Larking in the dimly lighted streets and
dark, foui-smelJing alleys of Chinatown
are scores of highbinders thirsting for the
lucre that will come into their itching
palms by the shedding of hnman blood.
M an v of tnese fiends in human shape are
strangers to the denizens of the Chinese
quarter — hatchetmen brought from the
interior and coast 'owns for a price to
avenee the death of "Little Pete."
Foremost among the men marked for
slaughter is Chin Hen Shin, better known
as "Big Jim," a man reputed to be worth
nearly a million dollars, lie owns a club
house on Waverly place, various business
houses and banks and extensive property
in Cnina.
Everywhere "Big Jim" goes he is closely
guarded by a Caucasian. Profiting by the
carelessness of "Little Pete," "Big Jim"
• never permits his guard out of sight for an
instant.
The Sam Yups have nothing in par
ticular against the Celestial in Question,
but he is the richest and most influential
man among the See Yups, and that has
branded him. The price on His head is
$5000.
Then there is Ung Hung, commonly
known as "t!ie Russian," interpreter and
policeman for me 1 Sain Yups and a per
sonal friend of "Little Pete." He must
die. the See Yups say, because he knows
too much about the murder and may
choose to tell it at any time. His bead is
worth just $2500 to some Jiighbinder, and
is considered cheap at that, because be
was instrumental in the arrest of the two
suspects now in jail. Hung, however, has
employed Tom Douglas, son of Captain
Douglas, as bodyguard.
A price of $2000 also rests on the head
of Sin Goon, a r.urrn pe:*on:ii friend of
"Little Pete." He has employed* Tom
Conboy as guard, and the two are more
inseparable than schoolboy chums.
Done Gong, the Chinese interpreter,
never goes out witbout a guard, and sel
dom is *een on the streets at all. Guards,
in fact, ard a regular fad in Chinatown
now.
So bitter is the feud that a See Yu p
translator, who was present to act as trans
lator of the priest's sermon at Pete's
funeral, was complained of to Attorney
Riordan, and asked by that gentleman to
leave in order to avoid trouble.
The See Yupi say they have all those
who took a prominent part in the arrange
ments lor Pete's funeral mentally noted,
and they will probably prepare the por
tion of lead due them.
Hypnotic Inst., 6 O'Farrell, teach, treat. •
TO BOND THE CITY
FOR SEW SEWERS
Many Objections Will Be
Raised to the Prepo
sition.
The Improvement Is Very Ne
cessary, but the Method
li Questioned.
Several Citizsns Believe Tbat the
Supervisors Are Beginning at
the Wrong End.
The resolution passed by the Board of
Supervisors on Monday lookinc to the
bonding of th <• City in order to raise funds
for ihe creation of a modern sewer system
was the subject of much comment yester
day amon« people conversant with large
engineering undertakings. The resolution
was that the Supervisors ask the Legisla
ture to pass an act to submit to the taxpay
ers a proposition to issue 4 per cent bonds
to run forty years.
In addition to the plan to complete a
sewer system compatible with the City's
growth and needs the Supervisors put on
a rider by adding, "and to clear itself
(San Francisco) of a just indebtedness
wnich was contracted in the legitimate
pursuit of its business." This last clause
may provoke some opposition, for a num
ber of the business men of this Ciiy be
lieve that this just indebtedness may be
provided lor in otaer ways than by bond
ing.
Whatever may be the result of the reso
lution it 13 safe to say that it will be at
least half a dozen years and maybe more
before San Francisco has a complete or
even a partly completed sewer system.
C. Ev aid Grunsky, the civil engineer, is
probably one of the most enlightened men
on the sewer system of this City, for lie
has made an official examination of the
entire matter, and his report to the Board
of Supervisors is in the municipal reports
of 1893-94.
In 1892 the Supervisors created a com
mission of three to investigate the sower
system of this City. The Commissioners
we r e Colonel George H. Mendeli, Professor
George Davidson ami Irving M. Scott.
They selected as active engineers C. E.
Grnnsky and Marsden Manson.
The two labored hard and found th*
task even greater t tan tliey had antici
pated. To their surprise they found that
the Ci'y had practically no records of its
sewer system as to the size thereof, grades,
how constructed or of the existence of
sewers in some streets at all.
In consequence the engineers were
obliged to go over the entire City to obtain
the necessary data. To say that they found
the system, if such it can be called, in a
wretched condition, would be putting it too
mildly.
Speaking of the matter of bonding the
City, Mr. Grunsky said: "The City can
noi issue bonds* without knowing the cost
or plans btiscd upon a definite project, and
this project snou d be evolved by compe
tent engineers. Before even thinking of
the bonding matter, a commission should
have at least two years to form a plan for
a system , find the engineers would require
at least $10,000 to perform their work prop
erly. ''
Julian Sonntae, president of the Manu
facturers' and Producers' Association, is
an enthusiastic advocate of the bonding
proposition, for he said: "I believe that it
is just, and I would hail such an act with
greut satisfaction. With a proper sewer
age system I am sure that the mortality
of this City would be decreased oy 15 per
cent. During the past few months the
death rate Irom diphtheria and kindred
diseases that arise from impurities such
such as this City is subject to has been 21
in 1000. Think of it. That this City is
sadly in need of a perfect modern sewer
system goes without saying. There would
be no trouble in bonding the City; that is
the public would not object to such a
Course if it was known that the work
would be done without the usual jobbery.
Nearly all the opposition that comes from
the people is caused by the fear that for
every dollar's wortn of work actually per
irITW TO-DAT-DRT GOODS.
? MUSLIN UNDERWEAB SALB!| ;
Itt -V - -— : — : ./ ■; li
Buyers of this class of poods will not fail to recogn'z n great
i 1 merit and v^lue at each prlc". W will not waste space in rhe- ,
ISt torlcal effusions nor flowery descriptions, but simply name ZZ ;
II prices, give short Ideis of the style and trlrrm; .-jars and leave me ™
balance to your p-ood Judgment. The sa <> comprises meant
ii> Tor the great majority who know and predate the va:U9 of iA
552 money and are a: ways anxious to save, b j it rvur so little. SJ
|j| CORSET*COVERS. jji
1 Af Q Pontc T?Q f*Y\ Made of a fair grade of bleached muslin; cut
441 XXL v Vt/lilo XiCtl/il high neck, bound at neck, arm holes and 44 I
I|M a ound bottom; nil >cam« felled and well stitched; all sizes. I? 1
A 4-1 ft Qn f c T?Q/»Vl Made of good, strong bleached muslin; V-
-444 XXL W VCIXLO JUCtI/11 shaped neck; trimmed with neat Torchon &l \
Jk lace; felled stums; a. i sizes. Vk
V A - 10 f anfc TTq/^Vi Made of fine Cambric; V-shaped neck, V
Q **' 1 ' **' Wllto JLtUKjIL trimmed with good washable Hamburg Q
X Emhroidery edging; it-lled seams; all sizes. JL
V Af OR ff £Tl } e T?Qr>Vl Three different styles, made of srood, strong V
A XXL <>O \JVxLIO XKXKjU. bleached muslin; high necK with bosom of (S
V - Ftench cording and heuK-tiiching; square neck, trimmed with embroid- jf
O cry all around, and V-shaped neck with wide embroidery on bosom and Q
X narrow edging around neck; ail strongly sewn and felled seams; alls : ze3. *»v
XAt 35c, 50c, 75c and $1.00 ?e vu p r ti c on r aT^r c ; s r C k ex o ; X
V space prevents description. JL
$> LADIES' DRAWERS. 9
V. Ai IQ Ponffl Made of a fair grade of bleached muslin; yote bands, V
Q XXL Xt/ Vt/IltIS 13^-inch hem at bottom, with cluster of 3 rows of Q
V tucks; ail seams stronirly sewn and felled; all sizes. X
V Af o*l Pc»Ylfe Made of good, strong muslin; yoke bands, 13^-inch V
JL XXL «wtl VvllLQ Hamburg embroidery edge and cluster of tucks; Q
Sr felled seams; ail sizes. jT
Q A - QQ Parif c Made °* soft-finished muslin, yoke bands, 6-inch V
jk XXL OO VCllLb Spanish ruffle at bottom, made of cambric; lelled A
V seams; all sizes. JT
Q A 4. OR I^OTlfc Mace of soft-finished muslin, yoke bands, 2-inch O
X XXL tJt/ vCiilb openwork embroidery edge and cluster of tucks; A
V felled seams; all s.zes. Vr
H£* A* Aft fnTifo^ 6^ soft-finished muslin, yoke bands; 23^-inch
Q* "**' ■**■' VCllLo fine Irish point edging and cluster of tucks; ielled v*
X seams; all sizes. . ;.;i:.. A
V Af >IQ fonfo Made of soft-finished muslin; yoke bands, 3-inch very JL
0 XXL *v vCJito tine guipure embroidery edging and cluster of tucks; CJ)
V felled seams; ail sizes. *v
V Af *ff\n <C 1 fin 321 O^fc A pair we are showing values in the V
A XXL I til/, kPXiUif, ipXtaO new umbrella and regular shaped Q
Sr drawers that cunnot !je approach- d for value elsewhere. Jj
6 LADIES' NIQHTROBES. $
Q Af QQ /1 i>Tl .f c Made of good soft-finished bleached, muslin, cambric 0
X XXL Otf Vt/11 ruffles around neck, cuffs and down iront; all sizes. A
TAf A.*\ P^Ylfc - Slade of od . soft-finished bleached muslin; I^-inch V
Q XXL nttf vCiitO Hamburg embroidery edging around neck, curia and Q
X down front; all sizes. JL
1 Af *lC| PoTifc Made of sort cambric muslin, yoke of double row of V
/S XXL UU vCJito insertion and 4 rows 01 French cording; cambric rur- O
jf K/^^' . • fle down front, around neck and cuffs. All sizes. X
T A f I y» fonfc Several different styles, made of good bleached mus" V
A XXL tO yCULolins and soft-finished cambrics. All styles of yokes. O
V some wild embroidery insertions and tucks, others French cordings and JL
Q hemstitching, others with wide embroideries in different slopes; many V
jk pretty effects. . . A
V Af OR f 1 ftY |4-« The new Empire style, made of soft-finished cambric JL
Q XXL Otr VC/11LP muslin; broad lay-down collar of guipure embroidery V
T edged with Irish point embroidery, with tight-drawn cuffs to match; all sizes' A
V Af dji ftfl *1.23,5L50. $1.75, $2 and. s2so; we show exquisite styles X
0 XXL tpXiVVr from the quiet, plain, refined, to the most gorgeously Q
«T trimmed effects; all kinds, such as Empire, Hubbard, Eton, Yoke and I* l
" f V shapes, with and v itnout embroideries and lues. 1 1
(D LADIES' WHITE SKIRTS. ~ ii 1
ii Af QQ fn-nfe le of soft-finished muslin; gored yoke band; 4-inch ii 1
*! XXL Ww Vvll LD ruffled Spanish flounces and cluster of tucks. So i
"if Af *iQ Potlfe M^de'of soft-finished muslin; gored yoke band; 4-in. '
11 XXL OU vv/UtS ruffle of Hamburg embroidery and cluster of tucks. ii
■I Af *7\ Potlfe Unbr; * lla shape; good strong muslin; 11-inch em- «ff
II XXL • O VlfjiXLa broidery; edged Spanish flounce. . II
i i Af Qft flPTlf P mbrella shape; good heavy muslin; wide umbrella ilk
« XXL WO Vt?ll LO flounce; tucke. land edged with Irish point embroidery m
" ~~~~~- CHILDREN'S DRAWERS. ~ ]
4| Made of good, stronir, wearable and washable bleached muslin: every seam stronelv S •
If 1 ; sewn and felled; aeep hem and cluster of tucks at bottom; six worked bntton>in'e<. n T
I band; no woman can afford to waste time making them when they can be bouirht »t •■,»?
Hi prices, size No. 0,8 c:; So. 1 loc; So. i, 12c; - No 3 Uc; "°- 4, 16C: *W?*t i4i
•5} in addition to the above items this sale will include a magniacent line of Infant' tnri #X?*
0§ Children DreMes. Slips. Bonnets ana Caps, all marked at prices to mate them ga 4%
MARKET AND TAYLOR STS.
formed taxpayers are swindled out of $2.
"If this proposition assumes favorable
shape I will have a proposition to sub
mit to the Manufacturers and Producers'
Association with a view of having it sub
mitted oy this body to the Board of Su
pervisors. The purpose is to throw such
safeguards nronnd the whole matter as
w.ll prevent jobbery. Mv proposition is
this: That the Board of Supervisors en
iist the good offices of Senators Perkins
and White in a request to the Federal
Government to secure the services of two
or more United States Engineers from the
army corps who will exercise a superin
tendency of the construction of the sewer
svdtero of [his City. I would have the
Supervisors piace the entire matter of con
structing the sewerage system in the
hands of the Mayor and these army engi
neers suggested. My reason for wanting
the Feilera! engineers to take practical
charge of the work i« because these army
effi' era, who hold office for life, either in
active service or under a pension when
they grow old, cannot be corrupted by
con tractors or political jobbers. If this
matter takes definite shape I believe that
the Manufacturers' and Producers' Asso
ciation will stand by the suggestion in the
interests of honesty. Unless sometning
of this kind is done I am afraid that it
will be the same old story of fleecing the
taxpayers in the interests of the political
jobbers and contractor."
President Dohrmann of the Merchants'
Association shook his head when the
proposition of raisinc funds by issuing
City bonds was made to him and he said:
"I am in favor of the City paving its debts
as soon as it can. lam mo.-t heartily in
favor of an improved and perfected sew
erage system and the issuing of bonds for
that purpose; but as to the present sug
gestion for raising money by bonding the
City lam opposed to it. What is my rea
son? It is this: We are not prepareu to
do so now. It is not the proper time. Be
fore the City can be I onded we must have
a better municipal syst m of government,
a new charter and a general better busi
ness system under which such business
can be transacted. If we bond the City in
our present condition difficulties and tan
gles of a most complex and embar
rassing nature will arise."
President Dohrmann, in discussing the
Eewerage system, gave expression to tne
views that are >et forth in the udvance
copy of the Merchants' Association's Re
view ot February, which reads as follows:
The probiem of devising a correct system of
sewerage lor San Francisco is one of such
great magnitude as io require most careful
consideration. No hasty or ill-advised plans
should be adopted. We believe that the ap
pointment of thy competent engineers in 1892
to investigate the condition and actual needs
ot the sewerage system of ban Francisco was a
step in the right direction. We strongly rec
ominead that a commission of the most cap
able and re iable on?lneers be appointed by
the City to continue the work begun by the
previous sewerage emmission.
Alter a careful and thorough report has been
ofnciaUy made by a commission of the most
trustworthy engineers, the City authorities
shouid cant ou«ly proceed to provide ways
aud menus for the construction o' a correct
system of sewerage. The cost ot this immense
improvement would be too great to be raised
by ordinary luxation in oik- year or several
fiscal years, but should be provided by bond
ing the City for a sufficient amount as pre
scribed by law. Posterity would enjoy the un
told blessings of an improved sewerage system
equally as much us the pre-ent generation,
and, therefore, the expense should be justly
distributed over a long period of years.
Resuming, President Dobrmann said
that when Mr. Grunsky and Mr. Manson
made their report of the cost of and Dlajis
fora perfect sewerage system the City cut
the work off, and since then nothing has
been done in that line. The Merchants' As
sociation proposes to petition the Board of
Supervisors to have the work taken un
where it was left off several years ago, and
thereby save the trouble of going all over
the same ground again. The association
will ask that a commission to this end be
appointed to lnok into the cost and re
quirements of tms much-needed improve
ment, and then for the City io be slow
and cautious in the manner of baying me
work^one. For such work the City will
no doub: have to be bonded, but the City
should not be bonded for old debts, which
should be prov.ded for in other ways. In
addition to the recommendation by the
association set forth that body would in
clude m the object of the bonds such
matters as the improvement of streets,
better pavements and the repairing of the
principal streets uf the City.
fBENOH BENEVOLENT SOCIETY.
A Contribution to the Belief Fund— An
Entertainment to Be Given.
0. Bozio, president of the French Mu
tual Benevolent Society, has received a
letter from New York, written by Sylvain
Weill, containing a check for $250 as a do
nation from the writer ana Mrs. Weill to
the relief fund of ;he society.
The committee of the society having
charge of preparing an entertainment for
the benefit ot the relief fund has decided
io substitute for the ball annually given a
vocal and instrumental concert, to be fol
lowed by the production of "Les Noces de
Jeannette,'' by Victor Ma<se, the charac
ters to be assumed by dramatic talent.
There art- at this time ninety-three in
valids at the society's hospital on the
Point Lnbos ro:id.
NEW TO-DAY.
Dl AP If 9 TH II -Seamless
IB I fl 1 1 ti IV IH fU nose for
UI»nUIY Ub I fill ladies,
sizes 8^ to 10; others get 25 cent*; a few
mnke them a leader at 15 cents; our.price
this week 10 cents; no limit to quantity. •
Children's Tan Hose.. 12c
Children's Black Wool Hose ...... 10c, 15c
Ladies' Wool Hose, heavy. ............ .22c
Ladies' Gray Wool H05e...... ....... 22c
Every Day Stockings, Ladies' „. 10c. 1224 c
Every. Day Stockings, Chi1d5. ... . . .8c, 10c
Closing Heavy Bicycle H05e.. ...... ...25c
Our stock of shoes and stockings will
compare favorably with any west ot the
mountains, either in quantity, quality or
price. , .
SMITH'S Cash arketm
OBfllllid Store
W^^^t KiECIUC IftT,
- W<M By 50 per cent the best
?^S^^KEs^^rr'J Bjltmade.': H as cured
1 7^ ! T! S!^^^n^'?^ ' more people • than all
sf^** ' other belts combined.
- :■< ;>''.• |M| ■ > You might ;■ as , well
. .■.:..*. ■:'«»..■. - have the best, >as it
costs no more.  Call or address
TEE YIRIHUVV ElECraiO CO, 100 Stockton St., Sf
56
WEDNESDAY JANUARY 27. 1897
CHARLES M. snORTRIDOE,
Editor and Proprietor.
SUBSCRIPTION RATES-Porta** Fre«t
Daily and Sunday Cam, one week, by carrier.. »0.15
' Dally and Sunday Call, one year, by ma 11 . . .. 6.00
Doily and Sunday Cam., six months, by mall.. 3.00
Dally and Bunday Call, three months by mall 1.60
Daily and Sunday Call, one month, by mall- .60
Buaday Calx, one year, by mall ••• J- 6 *
Wkully Call, one year, by mall • *•»■
BUSINESS OFFICE
710 Market Street,
San Francl«co, California.
Telephone :::^£ Main-IBM
EDITORIAL ROOMS:
617 Clay Street.
Ta]«p D «. Maln-im
BRANCH OFFICBS:
627 BfonWrosiery street, corner Clay; open n*tu
9: SO o'clock.
888 Hayes street: open until 9:50 o'clock.
615 Larkln street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
SW. comer sixteenth and Mission streets; open
until 9 o'clock.
2518 Mission street: open until 9 o'clock,
167 Ninth street; open until 9 o'clock.
1305 Folk street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
OAKLAND OFFICBJ
808 Broadway.
EASTERN OFFICB:
Booms 51 and 82, 84 Park Row, New York City.
DAVID M. FOLTZ, Eastern Manager.
THE CALL SPEAKS FOR ALL.
The Legislature is dull, Dut that is a
good sign.
Trade promises to blossom oat this
spring like a sunflower.
It is now said ofjthe Legislatme that it
does not talk, but it works.
The Nicaragua canal bilL hag still
enough life left in it to kick.
It takes a blizzard to fan the embers of
Chicago charity, but it can do it.
Little Pete has been buried, and now
how long will it take us to bury his mur
derers?
Spain continues to talk of reforms for
Cuba, but the Cubans insist on making
it a revolution, and there you are.
It is now reported that McKinley has
said that all talk about his Cabinet is
"mere gossip," but that also may be gos
sip.
If you do not believe that our climate
has an economic value just read the re
ports of tbe condition of workingmen in
the East
Ex-Queen Liiioukalani made her call
upon Cleveland and he showed his hand.
He also said it was a glad one, but that
may have been a bluff.
While they are shivering with blizzards
in the East, we hnve on this side the
mountains just enough snow and ice to
make a Truckee festival.
A bill has been introduced into the Ne
vada Legislature bearing the title, "An
act to restrict and license glove contests,"
and the emphasis is on the license.
If there is no worse scandal affecting
tin* Legislature than that of the payroll
there will be more satisfaction in the State
than has been known in a long time.
What is the use of announcing that
Cnnrles W. Fairchild, the newly elected
Senator from Indiana, was born in Ohio?
Isn't it always an Ohio man who gets
there?
There have been so many hold-ups in
Chicago of late that nearly every man in
town has provided himself with a pistol,
;ind the gun-dealers are calling it a trade
revival.
It goes without saying that the investi
gation of the stuffed payroll must be
made in public. The people demand that
the examination shall be as open 83 the
offense.
The public schools should not be closed
for a month, neither should they be kept
open at the expense of the teacher". It is
a poor town that cannot run its schools on
a proper basis.
Senator Chandler avows a determina
tion to prevent what he calls "the whole
sale larceny of senatorships," but he
would do better if he could prevent the
larceny of Senators.
The Supreme Court has decided that a
sailor who refuses to fulfill his contract to
serve on board a vessel must go to jail,
but if a shipmaster should refuse to keep
his contract with a sailor would he go to
jail? _
The German physician, who claims to
have discovered that all people in this
country have what he calls "Americanit
is," is right in everything except In naming
it a disease. Americanitis is the vigor of
sanguine healthfulness.
The Kansas legislator who is trying to
achieve fame by presenting a bill makine
it a misdemeanor for a woman to ride a
bicycle ptraddlewise will really become
famous if he will devise a plan by which
a girl can ride the wheel in any other way.
Senator Turpie turns from a three days'
speech against the Nicaragua canal bill to
make another long one on Cuba with all
tbe ease of a man who has versatility
enough for all things and assurance
enougii to regard the Senate as his private
talking rink.
In declaring the Southern Pacific Com
rany to be an unlawful organization,
having violated both Federal and State
laws, the attorneys for the Railroad Com
mission have struck tbe nail on the head
to a certainty, and let us hope that they
cnn drive it home and clinch it.
Dun's Etview calls attention to the fact
that "the greatest growth and prosperity
the country had ever seen came suddenly
in 1879 after several months of disappoint
ment because specie resumption had not
yet brought the benefits expected." There
is a promising chance that something of
the same kind may happen this year.
From 8t Paul to Galveston ther* has
come upon the East a dread severity of
cold; not like a wave that passes, but like
a spell that has come to stay and intends
to enter every home that is not carefully
guarded. Truly it is good to live on this
side of the mountains. There is wisdom
and profit in it as well as joy and pleasure.
Since the Atlanta Constitution con
siders the town has grown large enough to
justify it in publishing an evening paper
in competition with Moke Smith's Journal
it is probable that late statesman will re
gard it as big enough to support another
morning paper. When newspaper de-
Telopments get started they multiply
rapidly.
THE EASTERN BLIZZAEDS.
The severe cold which prevails in the
East at this time seems to be in many re
spects almost unprecedented. The extent
of territory covered by it reaches from Bt.
Paul, Minn., to Galveston, Texas. It has
involved in an equal suffering the great
cities of Chicago and New York and the
sparsely settled prairies of Western Ne
braska and Kansas. In some places there
has been enow sufficient to destroy flocks
of sheep and in other places where snow
was needed to protect the winter wtieat
there has not been enough to save those
crops from destruction.
Even the most casual reading of reports
from the various sections of the East shows
how great is the economic value of the
equable climate of California. Even if
the element of human comfort is left out
side of consideration there is still enough
in the contrast between our conditions on
this side the mountains and that which
prevails eastward to demonstrate that our
climate in the winter is worth to us many
millions of dollars annually.
With the coming of the blizzards there
has beon an appeal throughout the East for
charity. This appeal seems to be in every
way urgent and pressing. It is not merely
the thriftless and idle vagrants of human
ity who are suffering now in the great
cities, but industrious workingmen and
their families. The Mayor of Chicago es
timates that it will require not less than
$100,000 to meet the temporary demand for
supplies to prevent the starvation and
freezing of thousands of people in that
city. Pititul stories of destitution are re
ported from the prairie States and well
to-do farmers find it as necessary to be
prompt in their charity to their poorer
neighbors as do the wealthy residents of
great cities.
Fortunately these appeals for charity
will not be made in vain. Everywhere,
from Minnesota to Texas and from Ne
braska to Massachusetts, there will be not
only hearts prompt to sympathize with
the poor, but hands ready to help them.
The telegraph, by making known the
wide extent of the suffering, serves to im
press the public mind with its greatness,
and thereby impels them to be active in
their efforts to save. The extreme suffer
ing as a consequence wili not be great nor
very much prolonged. American charity
has never yet failed to be equal to any
disaster that has befallen its people, and
in that well-established truth people of
the East may find some consolation amid
the storms that surround them.
In the meantime, as a matter of human
charity as well as of business, it would be
well for boards of trade, chambers of com
merce and the press of California to call
the attention of the Eastern people to the
fact that they can gain immunity from
storms by making their homes in this
State. There is no reason why any man
of moderate means or of comparative
wealth should remain in a land where he
is exposed to blizzards and storms when
he can mate his home in a land of winter
sunshine without forfeiting his allegiance
to his country and his flag. Eastern
charity can save many people from the
worst effects of the storm at present, but
the only way for them to find permanent
relief is to come West.
MANUFACTURERS' CONVENTION.
The second annual convention of the
American Association of Manulacturers,
which met at Philadelphia yesterday, will
be one of more than ordinary interest. It
assembles at a time when Congress is pre
paring a tariff which will seriously affect
the interest of all manufacturers in the
country, and therefore its proceedings
wili be naturally directed to politics as
well as to business.
While the open hearings before the
Committee of Ways and Means in Con
gress, which is preparing the new tariff
bill, have been closed, there can be no
question tnat the members of that com
mittee will gladly recsive and carefully
consider any recommendations which
may be made by a body of such import
ance as this convention. In a certain
sense therefore the delegates at Philadel
phia will have something of practical
legislation on their hands. It will be an
opportunity for them to make clear to the
Ways and Means Committee what degree
of protective duties is necessary to the
welfare of American manufacturers, and
to protect it not only from Europe, but
from the growing competition ol China
and Japan.
It is more than probable the convention
will recommend the creation of * Secretary
of Commerce, to have a seat in the Cabinet
and to share in directing the affairs of the
Nation. Such an official has been called
for for some time and the creation of the
office has long been a subject of Congres
sional consideration. The advocates of
the measure have good reasons to support
it, and it is certain that sooner or later it
will have to be adopted
As the United States increases in wealth
and population and grows both in the
extent and variety of its industries there
is necessarily a demand for new depart
ments of Government supervision. We
recognize in the West the urgent need of
a Secretary of Mines and Mining and can
well appreciate the desire in the creat
manufacturing States for a Secretary of
Commerce. The United States can well
afford both tbese officials. There would
be more economy in paying the officers
required to perform the duties of the new
departments than in leaving tbese vast
industries without the supervision neces
sary for their best development.
SUBSTITUTION.
The practice of inconsiderate retailers
in attempting to substitute untried patent
articles for those of established reputation
is not only an evil of long standing, but is
one of growing injury to all parties con
cerned. The producers of such articles,
the newspapers which advertise them and
the public which buys them are all af
fected to their loss by the practice of sub»
stitution, and it is also easy of demonstra
tion that the retailers themselves who
engage in such practice are injuring their
business.
To bring a new remedy or a new food
into general use there are necessary three
things. First, that the new article shall
be extensively advertised; second, that it
shall be of sufficient merit to win popular
favor after having been tested, and third,
that the retail dealer shall supply it to
his customers when called for. If the re
tailer takes advantage of the presence of
his customer, who has come to purchase
a specific article, to coax him into buying
something else, he to that extent injures
tbe advertiser and tends to diminish the
cause which brought the customer to his
store.
Buyers can easily see how great is the
harm done to them by this practice of
substituting inferior articles for those of
established repute. Men and women who
have been made the victims of this prac
tice will not care to return to stores and
shops where it has been imposed on them.
Thua the dealer who has been successful
in one sale loses the chance of making
many others. He has been "penny wise
and pound foolish, "as the old proverb
has it He has made one sale of the sub
stitute, but lost a good customer and the
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 27, 1897.
sale of dozens of packages of the estab
lished article.
The affairs of this world are so closely
associated that the interest of one legiti
mate industry is inseparably associated
with the interests of all other legitimate
industries. When a wrong is done to onn
all allied enterprises suffer. In the sale of
patented articles the producer of the
article, the newspaper in which it is ad
vertised, the dealer and the customer for
it have clearly one and the same interest.
If the producer finds that by advertising
he does not gain customers in a certain
community he sood ceases to advertise in
the papers of that community. The pub
lic is thus deprived of the knowledge of an
important article of beneficial use. and
the dealer loses the opportunity to sell
not only that article but even the inferior
thing which he has been substituting for
it.
It ought not to be necessary to point out
to intelligent dealers the wrong they are
doing to their own trade by the practice
of substitution. They reap the benefit of
all the advertising which is given to the
genuine article, and it is to their ad
vantage to have that advertising con
tinued. The dealer who intentionally
lessens the sale of an advertised article re
stricts his own business and injures his
own purse. There ought to be enough
business sense among retail dealers to
understand this and a sufficient apprecia
tion of the importance of the subject to
impel them to act together to put an end
to a practice so hurtful to all concerned.
PERSONAL.
J. W. Laing of New York Is In the City.
G. F. Stewart of Healdsburg is at the Russ.
C. L. Hall of Arizona Is a recent arrival here.
W. H. Clark of Salt Lake City is at the Palace.
Dr. C. \V. Kellogg of Lakeport is at tbe Grand.
William H. Mintzer of Long Beach is in the
City.
H. de Laguna, an attorney of Stockton, is In
town.
1). J. Wallin Jr. of Indiana, fa., is at the
Grand.
w. H. Ilodgkin of Fresno Is registered at the
Palace.
Horace V. Winchell ol Minneapolis Is at the
Occidental.
J. V. Lindsay, a business man of Victoria, is
in the City.
H. N. Griffith, a business man of Fresno, Is on
a visit here.
A. Brizard, a mill and store owner of Ar
ea ta, is here.
B. H. I'phara of Martinez Is among the
visitors here.
Horace L. Smith, an attorney of Hanford, Is
at the Grand.
E. Lancr, a general-store owner of Athens, is
at the Grand.
Nicholas Bowden, the attorney, of San^Jose,
is In the City.
James S. Harden of Santa Rosa is here on a
business trip.
P. L. Flanigan, a business man of Reno, Nev.,
is a visitor here.
C. M. Jones of Ryde, Isle of Wight, is a guest
at the Comopolitan.
EL H. Aikin, a business man of Cleveland,
Ohio, is visitine here.
J. A. Wilson, a mining man of Oregon,
arrived here yesterday.
George E. Goodman, the banker, of Napa
County, Is at the Palace.
William N. Runyan, the well-known rancher
of Courtland, is in town.
C. C. Davis and wife of Boston are late arri
vals at the Cosmopolitan.
Fred J. Xlelsel, an extensive business man of
Ogden, Utah, is at the Lick.
K. J. Noonan, a mining man of Flagstaff,
Ariz., is visiting in the City.
I. Bird, a general-store owner of Merced, Is a
late arrival here. He is at the Grand.
J. B. Hooper, who owns mining property at
Mokelumne Hill, arrived here last night.
Benjamin Welch of Sacramento, master me
chanic of the Southern Pacific shops, is here.
Among yesterday's arrivals at the Palace were
William F. Barrett and F. E. Gould of Chicago.
W. E. Haines of Coos Bay, who has for some
little time been at Los Angeles, Is at tne Lick.
8. G. Little, the wealthy land-owner and
banker of Dixon, is among the arrivals at the
Russ.
F. Holloway, A well-to-do business man of
Montana, ia at the Occidental, accompanied by
his family.
E. E. Johnson and J. L. Ballard arrived yes
terday from Fresno, and are registered at the
Cosmopolitan.
Captain Charles Clift, an Englishman, who
for some time past has been visiting Manila, is
a la*e arrival here.
R. E. Jack, who is one of the old residents of
San Luis Obispo and who is engaged in bank-
Ing and in different enterprises there, is at the
Palace.
Samuel J. Clarke of New York, superin
tendent of the Providence and Stonington
Railroad, is on a visit here. He is at the
Palace.
C. H. Jones and Mrs. Jones of Menomlnee,
Mich., and Daniel Jones of T&coma arrived
here from the north yesteiday and are at the
Palace.
A party arrived here yesterday from Ne
braska consisting of F. A. Gue and wife, P. Ty
son and wife. They are staying at the Cosmo
politan.
Vice-President C. F.Crocker and Manager
Fillmore of the Soutnern Pacific returned yes
terday from a trip over the road as far as El
Paso, Tex.
W. J. Reed, a weather observer, formerly of
Portland, has been transferred to this office
here as assistant to Weather Experts Hammon
and McAdie.
Charles Erickson of San Luis Oblspo, who
had large contracts for construction work on
the Canadian Pacific Railroad when it was
being built and who had contracts of great
importance in the United States and el»e
whexe, Is at the Gran 3. Ho has been complet
ing contracts for the last year or two for the
Southern Pacific Company In San Luis Obispo
and other counties.
John Hendryof Vancouver, president of the
British Columbia Mills, Timber and Trading
Company, which owns several of the biggest
6a\vtnills on the coast of British Columbia, Is
among the arrivals here. He ia one of the
largest operators In lumber In the Northwest.
HiscompHny owns extensive timber Interests
both on Vancouver Island and on the main
land of British Columbia.
CALIFORNiANi IN NEW YORK
NEW YORK, N. V.. Jan. 26.-At the 8t
Cloud, L. E. Tomstone; Bartholdi, T. J. Emery;
Astor, L D. Jacks. Mrs. Maggie M. William
son left the St. Cloud to sail on the Bt. Louis
for England. W. O. Paull is here buying.
CALIFORNIANS IN WASHINGTON.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 26.— a D. Patter
son of San Francisco is at the Vendome.
Thomas D. Downs of San FrancUco is at the
Shorebam.
RENTS IN THE SOLID SOUTH.
Philadelphia Ledger.
The installation of the first Republican Gov
ernor that North Carolina has elected in
twenty-four years may not Insure to that
State any better government than It has had,
but it i< a sign of progress, nevertheless, as it
marks the end of the "solid South." That sec
tion Is no longer voting as a section, In an
tagonism to all other sections of the Union,
but it is considering National issues on their
merits and giving its memben a chance to use
their individual judgments on thorn. This Id
dicates life and progress for the States that
have been so long in a seemingly moribund
condition.
POINTER rOR LROAKERS
New Ycrk Mail and Express.
Don't wait for the era ol prosperity to come
your way. It's a good thing. Get behind It
and push it along.
It is reported that the Casino at Monte Carlo
recently refused admission to Ellen Terry on
;:: c ground that she was too ill dressed.
OFFERED HIS LIFE THAT JUSTICE MIGHT BE DONE.
A correspondent of the New York Tribune, from West Virginia, writes as follows: "The
mention of Judge Nathan Goff for a Cabinet position pleases the people of West Virginia,
and his appointment to sucU a position will
meet with the hearty approval of all West Vir
ginia Republicans. One of the Incidents in
Judge Goff's life which has attached him to
the people of his native State was the letter
which he wrote when confined in the dun
geons of Libby prison.
"Judge Goff, then a Union soldier, was
taken a prisoner January 20, 1864, and was
confined for four months in Libby. A rebel
spy named Armsey was likewise captured and
incarcerated within the Federal lines and
condemned to be shot. Goff was held as a
hostage for the spy, and word was sent to the
Federal Government that he would be shot if
Armsey was executed. Goff heard it. and
wrote these lines to President Lincoln: 'If
*uage jyaman i»w Armsey is guilty he should be executed re
gardless of the consequences to me. The life of a single soldier should not stand in the way
of adherence to the great principle.' The letter is on file in the War Office."
NEWSPAPER PLEASANTRY
"Sir, I am the real author of 'The Beautiful
Snow.' "
"You are? Well, just take this shovel and
clean your old stuff oft my sidewalk."—De
troit Free Press.
She tried to Kill him with a look-
That was the plan-
But fhe was cross-eyed, and It took
Another man. —Chicago Becord.
"Papa," inquired the editor's only son,
"what do you call your ofllce?"
"Well," was the reply, "the world calls an
editorial office the sanctum sanctorum."
"Then, I suppose," and the small boy was
thoughtful for a moment, "that mamma's
office is a spankum spankorum, isn't it?"—
Tid-Bits.
CrimEonbeak— There's a man who was con
gratulated by his employer for being short in
his accounts.
Yeast— That's curious.
"Not at all; he's a newspaper writer."—Yon
kers Statesman.
"Don't you think it would encourage men if
they could read their obituaries while they
are alive?"
"No; they would get so conceited that we
couldn't live with them." — Chicago Record.
"Why," asked the inquiring one, "why
should they allude to womankind as the fair
sex?"
"Probably," said the cynical bachelor, "by
the same law of contraries that a church hold
up is called a fair. Eh?"— Detroit Free Press.
Funeral Director (to gentleman entering the
door)— Are you one of the mourners, sir?
Gentleman— Yes; he owed me $500.— Boston
Transcript.
"Well," said the new legislator, "I performed
my first duty for my constituents to-day."
"What?"
"1 voted in favor of adjournment." — Phila
delphia North American.
PARAGRArHS AbOUi PEOPLE.
It is stated that Baroness Hirsch will give
another 2,000,000 francs ($400,000) to build a
hospital for consumptive children on the
Riviera.
The pip« smoked by the new Shah of Persia
on state occasions is set with diamonds, rubies
and emeralds of the costliest kinds, and is
said to be worth as much as £100,000.
Ex-Governor John P. Akgeld pleads the hard
times as his explanation of giving up a pro
jected lour of travel, intended to occupy two
or three years, and settling down in La Halle
avenue, Chicago, to loon after his business
affairs.
Bernard Quaritch, to whom Mr. Gladstone
addressed his letter on book-collecting, is the
first living authority on book vaiiu-s, and his
place of business in Piccadilly is the natural
home of rare editions. lie is of German ex
traction, but settled in London more than fifty
years ago.
"I should be glad," writes Mrs. Julia Ward
Howe to some Chicago reformers the other
day, "to join in any effort, made with wisdom
and charity, to better this state of things, but
the burden of years begins to weigh upon me,
and my powers, such as they remain, are
heavily mortgaged."
The Baroness Adolph de Rothschild, at her
Brittany villa, in one of the walls of her
boudoir has a sliding panel of plateglass,
through which at pleasure she can see into
her beautifully fitted up cowshed, where the
aniina.s feed from marble mangers and are
milked into silver pails.
It is said that when Bismarck is in low
spirits those who know how to manage the
great man invariably place before him the
huge volumes of caricatures of himself which
his own hands collected. In a few minutes
the ex-Chancellor's great laugh may be heard
resounding through the house.
The daily bill ot health prepared by the
German Emperor's physician is as follows:
Eat fruit for breakfast. Eat fruit for luncheon
Avoid pastry. Shun muffins and crumpets
and buttered toast. Eat wholemeal bread.
Decline potatoes if they are served more than'
once a day. Do not drink tea or coffee. Walk
four miles every day. Take a bath every day.
Wash the face every night in warm water.
Sleep eight hours a night
SWEET CONTENT.
Art thou poor, yet bast thou golden slumbers?
O sweet content'
Art thou rich, yet in thy mind perplexed?
U punishment!
Dost thou laugh to see how fools are vexed?
To add to golden numbers, golden numbers T
O sweet content I O sweet content!
Canst drink the waters of the crisped spring?
O sweet content!
Swimmest thou In wealtn yet slnketh In thine
tears T
O punishment!
Teen he that patiently want's burden bears
No burden bears, but Is a king, a king!
U sweet content ! o sweet content!
—London Mall.
IN FRATERNAL BONDS.
The Doings of Some of the Beneficiary
Organizations of the
City.
General Organizer Rogers has returned from a
day's trip In the northern part of the State and
reports a general awakening In all the camps-
Special Organizer Ross has recently organized a
camp in Grass Valley and one in Nevada City,
each with a good charter list. Saturday a new
camp was Instituted at Mount Eden, Alameda
County, and it starts ont with flattering prospects.
R. U Voseof San Lorenso, the organiser, w»i as
sisted in the institution by Head Manager Boak of
Oakland and other members of the order.
Oakland Camp is arranging a graDd reception to
Head Consul Falkenberg on the occasion of his
visit to the camp.
Forest Camp will hereafter meet on the first and
third Thursday of each month.
The head consnl, who is visiting camps In the
southern part of the State, M meeting with very
cordial receptions. He is expected in th s City
aboat the first of next month, and ne will be a
guest of the varioni camps here and in the vicinity
during the six weeks he will remain in this s-ctton.
Important business will come up for considera
tion at the meeting of the b uird of bead managers,
to be neid in the head office In Denver, Colo., on
the Sd of next montn.
Knlghtg and Ladle* of Honor.
This evening the Officers of Bay City Lodge were
installed by I. Krolmen, D. D., and last
night he Installed those of Pacific Lodge. On
Thursday Mrs. D. J. Kaplan, D, D., will Install the
officers of Golden Bule Lodge.
The grand officers of tne order have teen In
vited to a public Installation of officers of Har
mony Lodge of Sacramento on next Friday,
There will, after the ceremony, be a general talk
for tbe good of the order.
Assessment No. 450 has been levied and tt will
be delinquent on i he last day of the month.
H. Kreudemhal, ex-chairman of the supreme
Lodg* committee on German wore has been ap
pointed Hupreme Vice- Protector, to nil the unex
plred term of A. lloelte, deceased. He is a veteran
of the War of the Rebellion, is connected with
many fraternal organizations and with the Knights
and Ladies of Honor since 1879.
Young Men* Institute.
Tbe reception and ball by Ignatian Conncil on
last Friday was a very brilliant affair and re
dounds to the credit of those who had It In charge.
At an open meeting to be held on Wednesday In
Metropolitan Hall, under the auspices of Golden
Gate Council. Henry E. Ulghton will talk on "The
True .Kasls of Americau Citizenship."
On Friday Rev. Father Yorke will lecture on
"Nuts to Crack." befora Loyola Louucil, South San
FraL Cisco.
At the first anniversary celebration of Walla
Walla Council, recently held. Key. M. Flohr, the
pastor, presented the council a very htndsonia
banner. F. A. (ierrtct Is the president and W. H.
Wetbf r the secretary of (be council.
Grand President Gallauher started on a tour of
visitation oa the l'. ; th and he will close his tour
by a visit to the council in San Jose on the 80th.
He will be in this City in time to atienU a meeting
of the board of grand directors. on the laat day of
the month.
J. J 'ies has been appointed district deputy for
councils N'os. 47, 91, 116 and 125, vice F. B. Terry,
resigned.
R. J. Dowdell has been appointed council deputy
for Couucil No. 4!J, vice Robert M. J. White, re
signed.
Antone Fllcovich baa been appointed council
MR. AND MRS. HUGO D. KEIL.
[From a photograph by Taber.]
deputy for the new Austrian council recently in-
B'.ituted.
The follow-In? are the principal officers for the
councils named for the ensuing term:
Han .lose No. 2— President, P. L. l.inehan- secre
tary, \V. W. smith; executive committee— a. J.
McCarron, V. B. i-anton, J. B. Me Nam a ra.
Yuba No. 18, Marvsville— President, E. W.
Hanlon; secretary, J. K. Kelly : executive com
mittee—Rev. D. Corrigan, D. Gantry, H. K. Frohn.
8U Catherine No. 25, Marlin*-r.— President, J. J.
McNamara; secretary, M. 11. Hurley: executive
rommlttce— Heorne Wlukleman, John Keily,
James H. Fitzgerald.
Golden bate No. 34— President, Charles Healey;
secretary, P. K. Ha?de:i; executive committee—
J. O'Connor, William Growney, W. J. Keiiey.
Ignatlan Ko. 35— President, P. J. Lawler; secre
tary, Charles L. Kbner: t xecutlve committee— E.
B. 'J homas, L. W. Butcher, I>. C. Dlnan.
Bt. Mary -No. 44, Gllroy— President, J. H. Brnen;
secretary, A. 15. Ward: executive commiu-e—
Thomns Mmlone, T. H. u'Toole, J. 8. Fitzgerald.
Queen of the Valley No. 64, Fresno— President,
James 1. tioyle: secretary, John J. de Gloria:
executive committee— Henry A Vila, James Galla
gher, J. J. Kahili.
Young Ladies' Institute.
The members of Branch No. 7 are perfecting ar
rangements for an entertainment to be given In
Native Sons' Hall on February 28.
Grand President Sophie A. Grote and District
Deputy Ella M. Comyns will visit Branch No. 20
at tbe Potrero next Wednesday.
Branch No. 2 bas set aside the second Tuesday
In every month as one when it will receive mem
bers of thi> order and entertßin them In Loyola
Hall at headquarters, coruer ot Tenth and Market
streets.
Miss W. Barry, president of the branch at Port
Costa, la visiting branches in this City.
THROUGH ALAMO SQUARE.
Grove Street to Be Opened From the
New City Hall to Golden
Gate v Park.
At a meeting of the Hayes-street Im
provement Club Monday!night the question
of opening Alamo square by running Grove
street through' from Steiner to Scott was
fully discussed, but no decisive action was
i taken further than to : instruct the aele
gates to the affiliated clubs to bring tne
matter up at the next meeting.
The Board of Supevisors in 1889 passed
an ordinance authorizing the opening of
this street through the square, on the con
ditions that the property-owners along the
line of Grove street pay for thß grading,
sewering and paving out of their own
pockets.
The expenses of this was figured at
about $14,000. Those conditions were ob
jected to on the ground that the pro rata
was unequal and unjust. It would impose
a tax of $1 per foot frontage on all the
property-owners from Larkin to Baker.
The property-owners at either end of the
street objected to this, and as a conse
quence the scheme did not go through.
The conditions of the present proposed
levy are that those on tne further end of the
street should be assessed at 10 cents per
foot, the rate to continue proportionately
toward the center, when the $1 limit
would be reached. In favor of this schedule
it la advanced that the labor and material
are cheaper than they were eight years
ago. Should this project be carried out,
an application will be made to have the
name of Grove street changed to Park
avenue.
It is further claimed that the grade on
this street is less steep than that of Golden
Gate avenue, and as it leads direct from
the City Hall to the park entrance, that it
would make one of the most pleasant
drives in the City in that direction.
The matter will be fully discussed before
the affiliated improvement clubs when the
Hayes Valley delegates get seated in that
body.
The following delegates were elected to
the affiliated clubs: Charles Alpers, J.
Harry Scott and P. J. Gompertx. It was
decided to change the night of meeting
from Monday to the second and fourth
Wednesdays of each month.
Killed by an Elevator.
Mrs. Kate Geary, on behalf of herself and
her minor son, by her attorney, Martin Stev
ens, has sued the Emporium Company and
Mrs. Abbie M. Parrott for $20,000 damages on
account of the death of John M. Geary by an
elevator shaft accident in the Emporium
building on the 20tti of last July.
Divorce Suit* Filed.
Suits for divorce have been filed in the
County Clerk's office as follows: Alice Meyers
against Einil Meyers, Sophia A. Wolff against
George A, Wolff, Lizzie J. Nelson against Frank
Nelson. , . ■ ■'".., - \- *
WHITE VIOLETS
SMILED O'ERHEAD
Happy Nuptials of Mr. Hugo
Keil and Miss Teen
Goodall.
Both Principals Popular in the
Social Circles to Which
They Belong.
Laurel Hall Glub Entertains in Honor
of Its President, Mrs. I.
Lowenberg.
Miss Teen Goodail, daughter of Captain
Goodall, and Hugo Keil were married last
evening at the residence of the Dride, cor
ner of Pierce and McAllister streets. The
wedding was a very quiet affair, only rela
tives and immediate friends being present.
It was a violet wedding. Violets—Par
ma, Marie Louise and the pure white
blossoms — were used entirely in the deco
rations of the home.
The bride's bouquet was of white violets,
the Marie Lonise variety were carried by
the maici of honor, and quantities of the
modest little blossoms spanned the arch
way of the bay-window, in which the cere
mony was performed, and composed the
snowy white wedding bell that swung
over the heads of the young couple.
Rev. George Walt of Trinity performed
the ceremony.
The bride was attended by Miss Nellie
Boyd, who officiated as maid of honro,
and Ed Keil was best man.
The bridal gown was fashioned of hand
some white brocade and chiffon combined.
The yoKe was ol the latter and the chiffon
formed the corsage. The neck was cut
low and the decolletage outlined with a
bertha of Venetian point. The veil was
fastened to the coiffure with a diamond
crescent, the gift of the groom.
Miss Boyd, the maid of honor, wore a
white brocaded satin gown trimmed with
Brussels net
Mr. and Mrs. Keil left tbis morning for
a southern bridal tour. On their return
they will make their home at Belvedere.
Quite the most elaborate club entertain
ment/jf the sea»on was the one given last
evening by the Laurel Hail Club in honor
of its president, Mrs. I. Lowenberg.
The Laurel Hall Club is one of the most
flourishing and popular of the many
literary clubs of this City, and to the
excellent work of the president, Mrs. I.
Lowenberg, it owes much of its success.
The hours of the reception were from
8 to 12 o'clock.
The programme of the evening was as
follows: Orchestra: greeting, Mrs. Law
don; song, "Erl King," Miss Joseph;
poem, "Ciub Life," Mrs. Pierce; violin
solo, Guilio Minetti; vocal solo (two songs
composed especially for the occasion by
Mrs. Knox), Mrs. Fierce; essay, Mrs. Carr.
After the programme an elaborate sup
per was served, and the following toasts
were in order: "Our President," Mrs.
Farnbam; "Our Club," Mrs. Solonis;
"Our Founder," Mrs. Collins; "Our Hus
bands," Mrs. Johnson; "The Ladies,"
Alfred Gerberding; "The Club Woman,"
Mrs. Fairweather; "The Student," Pro
fessor Grlggs; poem, Mrs. L. M. Sexton;
"The Play I* the Thing," Professor 6yle;
"Our City," Mayor Phelan; "Our State.'
Horace Davis; "Old Songs," W. H. Mills.
At the conclusion of the programme all
present joined iv "Auld Lang Syne."
Mrs. Lowenberg was presented with a
HEW TO-DAT.
We kno# that Cod-liver
Oil is a fat-forming food
because takers of it gain rap-
idly in weight under its use
and the whole body receives
vital force. When prepared
as in Scott's Emulsion, it is
quickly and easily changed
into the tissues of the body.
As your doctor would say,
"it is easily assimilated."
Perhaps you arc suffering
from fat starvation. You
take fat enough with your
food, but it either isn't the
right kind, or it isn't digested.
You need fat prepared for
you. as in Scott's Emulsion.
silver loving cup as a souvenir of the oc
casion. _______________
INDIVIDUAL EEBPONSIBILITY.
Shareholders Jnost and Butler s n«l on
a Judgment Against a Corporation.
Mrs. Agnea E. Kiernan, by her attor
neys, Delmas & Shortridge, has sued C.
C. Butler, Be bread Joost and Fabian
Joostfor their respective proportions of
debts due to the plaintiff from the San
Francisco and San Mateo Railway Com
pany.
Mrs. Kiernan was injured by an acci
dent on t&e line of the road and instituted
an action for $20,000 damages. The jury
gave her a verdict lor $5000 and judgment
was entered for that amount.
No appeal has been taken by the com
pany, and. one year having elapsed, it is
now unappealable, final and conclusive.
Demands have been made for the money
due from the defendants, and they have
refused to pay. Inasmuch as each de
fendant owned 5000 shares of the capital
stock of the company at the time the
liability was incurred the plaintiff now
asks that they be compelled to pay her
$1250 each, making $3750, and for the bal
ance she will look to the other stock
holders.
A similar suit wan filed by Rudolph
Collink against the Joosts and Butler for
the following sums: Against Butler,
$625; against Behrend Joost, $1125; against
Fabian Joost, $325.
FLOBENTINE'S SLAYEE.
Arthur Jackson on Trial for Murder in
Judge Wallace'^ Court.
The trial of Arthur Jackson, charged
with the murder of August Florentine, is
on hearing in Judge Wallace's court.
At the former trial in Judge Belcher's
court the defendant set up a plea of self
defense and his attorneys secured a disa
greement of the jury.
Attorney T. V. Eddy is conducting the
present defense. At the last trial Judge
Carroll Cook was associated with Mr.
Eddy, but Judge Cook's election removed
him from the list of practicing attorneys.
The trial is attracting a great deal of
attention among the residents in the vi
cinity of the Potrero, where the tragedy
occurred.
Six Symphony Concerts.
The sale of seats for the series of six sym
phony concerts under the auspices of the San
Francisco Symphony Society begins this morn
ing at the Columbia Theater. Society has
taken great interest in this venture, and the
concerts promise to be social and musical
events.
• — —«
Mocha, pistache & cameliacake. 905 Larkin.*
■ ■ ■ * —♦—• .
California glace fruits, 50c lb. Townsentrt*
* — —•
Special information daily to manufacturer*,
business houses and public men by the Presi
Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Montgomery. *
• — — ] —
"Do you think," said the girl with the
thoughtful countenance, "that novelists as a
rule have experienced the sensations they de
scribe?"
"Great goodness, no!" exclaimed her father.
"What do you mean to do? . Insinuate that
half our litterateurs ought to be in the peni
tentiary?"— Washington Star.
"3lr«. Winilow'j Soothing Syrnp"
Has teen used ever fifty years by millions it
mothers for their children white Teething with per
fect success. It soothes the child, softens the gam*,
allays Pain, cores Wind Colic, regulates the Bowel*
and is the best remedy for Diarrhoeas, whether aris
ing from teething or other causes, ior sale by drug
gists In every part of the world. Ba sure and as x
lor Airs. W'insiow's Soothing Syrup. 26c abotll*
——•
Cotkwawv- Atmosphere is perfectly dry, ,->?•
end mild, being entirely free from the mists com
men further north. Hound-trip tickets, by steam
ship, Including fifteen days' board a: the itotaiUai
Coronado. $65: longer stay $2 50 per day. Apply
4 Kew Montgomery st, San .Francisco.
• * ■»
No toilet Is complete without a bottle of Ayer*t
Hair Vigor—the best hair-dressing. Ask your
druggist for Ayer's "Almanac. '•'■ •'' ■ •'' *" -
•——» .; ■
Loss of hair, which often mars the prettiest face,
prevented by Fabkxb'b Jlaib Balsam.
Hindebcobns, the best cure for corns, IB cts.
> ♦ •
Sarah Thomas, a lively woman 109 years
old, provides excitement for the town of
Llanelly in Wales. She possesses all her facul
ties, but has to be locked up in her bedroom
at night, as she is a dangerous somnambulist.
The Princess of Wales annually sends her on
her birthday as many shillings as she has
lived years.
nW TO-PAT.'
v Susan, Jane,
Melinda, Betty,
Carrie, Mamie,
Bridget, Hetty,
Annie, Laura,
Belle and Sophie
—good cooks
all are using i
Trophy
% ranunn ft BendtV
0000000000000
AN EXCELLENT
Tl Ti\ ?*• A T " Properly prepared and
I VI l"Ti/"\ I promptly served, can
*»■"-** *■«-' always b9 obtained in
THE GRILL ROOM OF THE
Decidedly:' the" T^l AT A /"^l
HSss PALACE
ment in town. wrmm— ni " ' TTwinrji
<KH>O-CH><KK><KK>O-
ROSLYN COAL!
THE nOST ECONOMICAL IN THE MARKET^
BY THE 5ACK........ 45c
BY THE T0N.... 98. 00
Try m sack or ton from the old reliable yard.
i G£O. JOXE>. Manager.
851 Stevenson Street,
Between Third and Fourth,
_■ Special Rates to Hotels and Keatanra
QEORQEH. FULLER DESK CO.
jMzz — . "saar' Is the Place to Bay
MlSm DE^s, chairs
I _'-~ > ■ jjCni And All Kinds of
\ EJfHJIB WICE FIRMTLRE
Clj^^^ZM^' 635-G4O Missions*.\VKI)Sh>DAV JANUARY 27, 1887
AMUSEMENTS. -
Baldwin Theateb.— "Magaa,"
COLUMBIA 1 hkatkk— "Devil's Auction."
. Moroscos Cpeba-Housk — Orphans of New
York."
Alcazar Theater.— "All the Comforts of
Homl. '
Tivoi-i Opeba Boras.— ■■Marltana."
- Okphf.uu— High-Class Vaudevilles.
Tkoplk's Palace.— Bristol's Trained Horses.
..''" CHDTJM and skating Rink.— D»U/ at
£ sight street, one block east of the Park.
fcvTRO Baths— Bathing and performance*
l JorKEvfi.Tiß.— Races to-day.
AUCTION &ALES.
Fv Indiasta A uction Co.-Thls day, January
27. Millinery, at 1057 Market at., at 11 o'clock.
By Yon Rhkik Co.— Thursday, January 28
Fenl Estate, at Salesroom, 513 California street
at la o'clock.
By G. H. UMB6EN * Monday, February 1,
Feal Estate, at salesroom, 14 Montgomery street,
at 12 o'clock noon.
* SyEabton <t Ki»miioE.- Tuesday, February
'.', Peal Estate, at salesrooms, 638 Market St.,
at 12 o'clock. ."..-
CITY NEWS IN BRIEF.
The Harbor Commissioners will build a new
dredger.
The home of Samuel J. Allen was looted by
burglars last Monday morniug.
C. L. Dam has been sued by Van Ir.gen & Co.
for $3341 73 on a promissory note.
The case of Quackenbusb against Quacken
bush is still on trial in Judge .Seawall's court.
Cloudy and threatening Wednesday; con
• tinued "cold weather— Local Forecaster. Mc-
Adie.
Arthur Jackson, who killed August Floren
tine, is on trial for murder in Judge Wallace's
court.
The Monowal will take away a very heavy
largo, including flour, canned goods and
paper.
James J. Dougherty, cnarged with burglary,
was acquitted by a jury in Judge Cook's court
yesterday.
In J.udge Dunne's court yesterday Edward
Cosgrove, charged with burglary, was acquit
ted by a jury.
• • The Australia sailed for Honolulu yesterday
with one of the largest cargoes she has taken
away for months.
Gee Bon Jim, a laundryman, was arrested
yesterday on suspicion of being implicated in
the murder of Little Pete.
Many friends assembled in the Lutheran
church yesterday afternoon to attend tne
funeral services of the late J. H. Mangels.
The United States Grand Jury yesterday In
dicted Ihomas J. Johnson for passing a num
ber of counterfeit 50-ceut coins in this City.
The examination of 175 applicants for posi
tions as postal clerks and carriers has beep
postponed from February 2 until February 6.
Joseph Bush, a Market-street masher, was
yesterday convicted of vagrancy by Judge
Coulan and ordered to appear for sentence to
day.
Laurel Hall Club gave an entertainment and
reception at Beethoven Hall last evening, com
plimentary to its president, Mrs. A. Lowen
berg.
Collector Wise has received word that En-
Btorgio Caideron will hereafter be Consul-
General for tae Greater Republic of Central
America.
William Blake, a painter, was killed yester
day by falling fifty feet from a scaffold and his
fellow- workman, J. Buckley, is expected to die
at any moment.
All six of the favorites were beaten at Incle
side yesterday. The winners were: Masoero,
On Gua Kita, David, McLight, Addie Buchanan
and The Sinner.
D. G. Camarinos, the well-known commission
merchant, has goue to Honolulu to establish a
new fruit company, which will ship tropical
products to this City.
Justice of the Peace Cook gave judgment for
the builer in the suit of S. J. Hawkins against
Mrs. Amanda C. Fennell, who was formerly
Mrs. Marceau, for services.
Wheat ships are loading lumber, the Angle
sey being the latest to become added to the
engaged list. She will take her cargo In the
"bay and ttius s«.ve dockage.
W. A. O'Connor, a letter-carrier living at 258
Clara street, was struck over the right eye last
night on Folsom street, with a rock thrown by
a boy, and his skull was fractured.
Private Detective F. H. Callundan, who
raided the clubrooms of the See Yup Society
"last October, was yesterday fined $100 by Judge
Joachimsen for malicious mischief.
Mrs. Agnes E. Klernan has sued C. C. Butler,
Behrend Joosi and Fabian Joost lor $3750 on
account of a judgment against th» San Fran
cisco and San Mateo Hallway Company.
The tugboat Lena L. lost her smokestack and
sustained other damage yesterday by coming
in contact with a breast line thrown out to
Main-street wharf by the steamer Willamette.
The Point Lobos Improvement Club at its
meeting last night passed a resolution favor
ing tne increase in the pay of officers of the
police and chiefs of the Fire Department of
this City.
. The charge of disturbing the peace against
Editor James H. Barry was dismissed by Judge
Low yesterday, and Editor Thomas E. Fiynn,
" who did not appear in court, had his bail of
10 forfeited.
Mrs. Jane Stanford gave a brilliant reception
at her California-street home yesterday in
honor of Bishop end Mrs. Newman. Twelve
hui.dred guests assembled to meet the dis
tinguished couple.
Miss Teen Goodall, daughter ol Captain Good
all, and Hugo Kell, were married last evening
at 8 :30 o'clock at the Goodall reirdente, corner
of Fierce and McAllister streets. Rev. Dr.
W«lk officiated at the ceremony.
■ Detective John Roche of Sydney, Australia,
chief in the search for Butler, the murder
fiend, arrived here yesterday forenoon by way
of London and Washington, where he stopped
to arrange for extradition papers.
• Petitions in bankruptcy were yesterday filed
in the office of the County Clerk as follows:
W. E. Patchel, a house-painter, debts $14,73 75,
assets $80; John D. Schroeder and Emil A.
. fir* ham, saloon-keepers, debts $3368, assets
$660.
The Grand Jury will make some inquiry
into the Hoey-Powers election matter to-day.
The recount under the contost reduces
Powers' majority irom 22 to 2, and this
change indicates to the jury that something
is wrong.
Director Waller says that the deficiency In
the School Department fund will be larger
than was originally supposed by him. It will
be near $120,000 at the close of the fiscal year,
lets such reduction as may be effected by close
economy.
The Harbor Commissioners declined to
accede to the request of the employes of the
. Union Iron Works and neighboring factories
that the Fourth-street bridge draw be closed
between 5:30 and 6:30 A. M. and 6:30 and
7:30 P. m.
The struggle over the $900,000 estate of J.
Vicente de Laveago, deceased, was begun in
Judge Cofiey's court yesterday. Anselmo de
Laveago is the natural son of a brother of the
dead man, and claims one-fifth of the estate
by right of collateral inheritance, his father
being formerly legitimate heir.
SEW TO-DAT3
SALT
 ''' ■■■"■
RHEUM
Most torturing and disfiguring of itching,
burning, scaly skin and scalp humors is in-
stantly relieved by a warm bath with Cuti-
cuka Soap, a single application of CimccßA
(ointment), the great skin cure, and a full dose
of CfTici ba Resolvent, greatest of blood
purifiers and humor cures, when all else fails.
(Micura
laioldthTOTiithootth.world. *OTrmD«TOATOCmni.
Cokf., Prop?.. Bo«ton. " to Cure 8«lt Rheum, fire*,
CA I I I P IJAin Pimply Facet. B»by Blemi the»,
FALLING HAIR c*m & cotic^ soap.
• If II I £ Quick as an electric flash CoHlna)
nILkW Voltaic Electric Plaster relieves
aching backs, painful -kidneys,.
DA I l] sore lungs, rheumatism and mus-
.' I Hill cular pains, strains aadweakneM.
ANOTHER SLEUTH
COME FOR BUTLER
Detective Roche of Sydney
Arrives From Wash
ington.
Chief in Original Searcli and
Then Sought Extradition
Papers.
Fears the Murderer Will Use His
Money to Fight His Case in
Federal Courts.
Another detective has arrived from
Australia and has stationed himself with
the two that for days and days have re
mained constantly at the little harbor po
lice station on Meigsrs wharf, waiting for
the coming of the ship Swanhilda with
Butler, the murder-fiend, aboard.
The new mara is John Hoche, who hns
been connected with the Sydney Detective
Office for the last fifteen years and is re
puted to be one of the best known de
tectives in Australia. He was the chief in
the searcli for Butler in the colonies. It
was principally through his efforts that
several mysterious murders were traced to
a common source; that a pnotograph was
obtained ol the suspected but little known
man whom it was finally learned, had
shipped from Newcastle, N. S. W., on No
vember 23 in the Swaubilda bound for San
Francisco.
Roche arrived in this City yesterday
forenoon direct from Washington. He
was agreeably surprised to find Detectives
McHattie o* Newcastle and Conroy of
Melbourne already here before him. He
had not expected any assistance in taking
the murderer back, for these men had not
left Australia until two days after his de
parture, thoueh they had reached here
very much earlier because of having come
by a more direct route.
According to Roche nine or ten mur
ders are now attributed to Butler, and
there are possibilities of others being dis
covered. As a fake mining expert, luring
men with money to inspect his mythical
mines, Butler conducted a cold-blooded
murdering business in the country from
August 2to November 14. On November
23 he sailed away in the Swanhilda.
It was afterward that his villainy be
came partly known to the police, and
little by little his monstrouscharacter has
been exposed.
Who Butler is, whence he came an I
what are his connections is yet unknown.
Evenhis right name is a mystery, for he
has assumed several names.
Two of Butler's intended victims es
DETECTIVE JOHN ROCHE of Sydney, Australia, Who Has
Come Here by Way of London and Washington With
Extradition Papers for Butler, the Murder Fiend.
caped. One was an old mining man
named McAllister. Ho had seen Butler's
advertisement in a Sydney paper and had
arranged to meet him. On the way into
the country be became suspicious, partly
because of the insignificant little coal
scuttle shovel that Butler carrie I and
partly because of Butler's repulsive
countenance, and he deliberately left his
guide and returned to Sydney. Butler
also returned, and it was then that he
registered by another name at the very
hotel he had left a lew hours before.
The other man who escaped Batler's
murderous designs is Conroy himself. He
was not then a detective, but had some
money and had read the advertisement.
When, however, he saw Butler's face be
decided that he would give up the pros
pective investment rather thau enter into
a partnership with such a man. Both
Conroy and Roach describe Butler's face as
one noticeably repulsive, such a face as
can be remembered. His nose is pecul iar.
It is turned slightly to the left and is very
flat on the bridge. Physically Butler is
powerful. He Is about 5 feet 11 inches in
height and weighs 186 pounds, la addi
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 27, 1897.
The British Ship Anglesey Came Down From Port Costa Yesterday in Tow of the Tug Fearkss.
She Will Load Redwood for Europe and Will Save Dockage by Taking the Cargo in the Stream.
tion to these physical peculiarities Butler
has a noticeable sailor-lika walk.
It is now kno"rn, says Roche, that
Butler came to Newcastle originally from
Africa as a sailor. About three and a half
years ago he shipped for the west coast of
America and was then called by his ship
mates "Jock," though those that were
acquainted with him at the time and
when he returned do not remember his
name, but know that it was not Butler.
Because of his apparent familiarity with
the place in hla conversational references
to it it is thoueht that Butler hailed Irom
Shropshire, England.
While workina upon the case Roche
found a photograph of Butler taken some
time in September. It was in tbe pos
session of a youn.' woman in Sydney, a
waitress, with whom the murderer had
while taking his meals formed a passing
acquaintance.
From that photograph, cautiously bor
rowed without the eirl knowing it, copies
were made for circulation throughout the
colonies. It was by means of one of these
photographs that Conroy recognized the
murderer as the mining expert.
That Butler is now on board the Swan
hilda, and probably in irons, Roche has
few doubts, as he places reliance in the
Australian press report which stated that
a certain vessel had spoken the Swanhilda
and supplied her with papers criminating
jjutler.
Rociie says that he Hopes to have a
Bpeeial cabin built on deck for the accom
modation of his charge on the homeward
trip. He does not f;incy being compelled
to occupy the steerage on his account.
For some time alter his arrival Roche,
together with McHattie and Conrov, were
with the British Consul. Roche „ also
spent a half hour with the Chief of Police.
The question raised by Roche is, W ill
ButJer, who must have considerable
money with him, tight his case here in
the Federal courts and resist being re
leased to the Australian representatives?
Ab soon as be shall have arrived and been
captured the detectives will be given a
hearing to prove their claim upon him.
Then if the Federal Judge thinks that the
facts warrant it be will permit the captive
to be held for transportation.
The result of the inquiry will be tele
graphed to Washington and the extra
dition permit will be telegraphed back.
Another little straw mattress from the
City Prison was placed last night on the
floor in tne stuffy little upstairs room of
the Meiggs-wharf police station, and
scant sleeping space was provided for the
new visitor alongside the three other mat
tresses already in use.
TO CUKE A COLD IX ONE DAT.
Take laxative Bromo Quinine Tablets. All drug
gists refund the aumey U, it fails to cure. 200.
WHEAT SHIPS ARE
LOADING LUMBER
The Anglesey Has Been
Added to the Engaged
List.
She Will Take Her Cargo in
the Bay and Thus Save
Dockage.
D G. Camarinos Has Gone to Hono
lulu to Start a N?w Com
pany.
The British ship Anglesey was towed
down from Selby's by the tug Fearless
yesterday. She is the first of the disen
gaged fleet to come out of retirement, aad
will load redwood lumber for England.
All her ballast was put in at Selby's, and
the vessel will not have to dock again in
this port. Her cargo will de brought down
in .the coasting fleet and put aboard in the
stream, thus saving dockage and towage
expenses. Of the engaged fleet in port, 17
vessels are loading wheat, 5 are loading
lumber, one is going to Newcastle in bal
last to load coal for this port, one in going
to Honolulu to load sugar for New York
and another is going to Paget Sound to
load lumber for Australia. All of them
that can are saving expenses by taking in
ballast or loading in the stream, and in
consequence the balarfce sheet of the Har
bor Commissioners will not show up very
well at the end of the month.
The Anglesey is> anchored off the Fol
som-street pier, and the work of loading
her will begin to-morrow.
The Oceanic Steamship Company's Aus
tralia sailed for Honolulu yesterday, with
one of the largest cargoes she has taKen
away for months. Among the passengers
were D. G. Camnrinos, the ex-Greek Con
sul and J. Travis, late of the Chronicle.
Mr. Travis goes to Hawaii to take a posi
tion on the Hawaiian Star, while Mr.
Camarinos goes to incorporate the Ameri
can and Hawaiian Commercial Company.
The concern will operate near Hilo, ana
its object is to cultivate all kinds of tropi
cal lrults and vegetables, besides aspara
gus, green corn, string beans, and among
the fruits will be grapes, peaches, cherries
and strawberries. These will all be landed
here in midwinter, when the market is
bare and in return California products
will be shipped to the islands. If ail goes
•yell with the project two steamers — one
of 1200 tons and tne other of 1500 tons
will be built. These will have refriger
ating chambers and beef and mutton will
help to swell out the return loads to Hono
lulu. Camarinos is confident that his
scheme will go through, and expects to
have an opposition line of steamers on the
route inside of a year.
The tugboat Lena B was in trouble
early yesterday morning, and not only
lost" her smokestack but was otherwise
damaged. The steamer Willamette had
a breast line out to Main-street wharf,
while Bhe was lying alongside the City of
Puebla at Beale street. In the early
morning along come the Lena B and the
steel hawser just missed the pilot but
caught the smokestack, and carried away
everything aft of it. The captain of the
tug asserts that be will have damages out
of the Willamette for having a breast line
out, or else he will libei the steamer.
George Dryden, wharfinger at Main
street wharf, had a narrow escape yester
day. Two longshoremen were having a
quarrel, and one of them went for the
other with a hatchet. Dryden ran in to
Btop the fray and received a blow on the
hand that nearly cut off one of his fingera,
He at once went to St. Mary's Hospital,
where the wound was dressed. Wben the
longshoreman saw what he had done he
at once made his escape and has not been
seen since. .
Another party of hunters sailed in a
small boat on a whale hunt yesterday.
They intend it successful to bring the
mammal to Mission-, treet wharf and
their exhibit it. The captain of the crew
applied to the Chief Wharfinger for space
yesterday and the iatter, acting under in
structions from the president of the board,
said he was entitled to space so long as no
nuisance was created.
The following graduates of the Mc-
Nevin Navigation School received licenses
yesterday: Charles Lindell, A. L. Gram,
HEW TO-DAY.
#PRINGLE BROS.
FROM ODD FELLOWS' BUILDING
W^ 1023 MARKET ST.
® Our reputation for furnishing the BEST in the SHOE line ®
@ for the least money shall be maintained.
| We are now situated so as to deal more liberally than ■;,
® ever before. ®
IO23— MARKET STREET— IO23. 1
masters; N. Hodgson, Gustave H. Wilson
and Andrew Peterson, chief officers of
passenger steamers for the Pacific Ocean.
Mate Wilson was al9O licensed as being
capable to sail a ship the world over.
The following received licenses from the
examiners of the Chamber of Commerce:
A. Bettie, master; G. H. Wilson, mate;
L. W. Peters second mate and Alexander
D. Hook second mate.
The Oceanic Steamship Company's
Monowai will take away a very heavy
cargo next weeK. The wharf is piled up
with canned goods, and yesterday the
State of CaU'ornia went alongside and
landed 500 tons of flonr and 80 tons of pa
per, all for Australia. The wharf is one
of the bleakest on the water-front, and in
consequence Captain Carey and Chief En
gineer McKaiK are down witn bronchitis,
while Purser Bendel and half a dozen
other members of the crew are suffering
from severe colds.
Mate E. G. Sorgatz of the ship Hawaiian
Isles denies that he ever knew Butler or
ever paid him $5 in order to save trouble.
The statement was made that Butler ap
plied to Captain Kustel, stating that he
haa been sent on by the ship's agents in
Sydney. Ln the meantime Sorgatz had
been engaged, and so the captain in
formed the so-oalled murderer. In order
that Butler should not be out of pocket,
The Call stated, Sorgatz paid him the
money. This the mate denies. All the
rest of the story is vouched for by Captain
Kustel.
The Harbor Commissioners had a
lengthy session. The petition of 700
workingmen who have to cross the
Fourth-street bridge mornine and even
ing in order to reach the Union Iron
Works, the rolling mills and BUgar re
finery, asking that the draw be closed be
tween the hours of 5:30 and 6:30 a. m. and
6:30 and 7:30 p.m., was laid on the table.
The men pointed out that a detention of
ten minutes at these hours meant the loss
of an hour's work. The Commissioners,
however, looked at the other side, and
President Colnon remarked that the loss
of an hour to a vessel meant the loss of a
tide and twelve hours of idleness for the
captain and crew.
The dredger Empire was offered to the
commission, but Chief Engineer Hoime3
and Superintendent of Tuga and Dredgers
Brown decided that she was too large for
the work, so the offer'was rejected. A
new dredger will be built
The new Postoffice in the ferry depot
was discussed, and President Colnon re
marked that the alterations necessary
would costssooo at least. "They want an
elevator, a steel vault for registered pack
ages and many other improvements," said
he. *'VVhen the ferry depot was designed
we nev-r figured on a postoffice such as
they ask for, but since the railway mail
service has been extended to the streetcar
line? extra facilities are necessary. We
have just $000,000 with which to put up
the building, and if we cannot make these
necessary alterations without overrunning
that amount we will have to ask the
Board of General Appraisers to allow us
to charge the extra cost to the harbor
improvement fund."
All the members of the board were in
favor of making the alterations askea for
by Postmaster McCoppin, and they will
be carried out.
SERVIAN PATRIOTS DINE.
An Elaborate Literary and Musical Pro
gramme Given on the Occasion of
the Annual Meeting'
The Servian-Montenegrin Society, con
jointly with the Servian Literary Society,
last night gave the regular annual ban
quet at 10 California street. There were
about 120 people present, including a num
ber of ladies. The hall was handsomely
decorated with Hags, transparencies and
patriotic motioes. The president of the
evening was Jans Glavinovich, who is the
president of the Servian-Montenegrin
Society.
He made a pleasant introductory
speech, his subject being the patriot St.
Savva. 8. Sargenlich and A. Raidich re
cited selected pieces, receiving mucn ap
plause. Dr. Vecki and B. Radovich deliv
ered brief and interesting addresses on
the occasion that called them together,
and Mr. Davovich and J. Joly rendered
solos. Finally the St. Savva song was
sung by R. Rangonovicti, V. Jovovich,
M. Davovich, Mrs. Vacaconivich, Mro.
Joly and Master J. Govichl
The evening was made exceedingly en-
I joy able. It was said that this was the
finest banquet and entertainment ever
given by the members.
Central American Exposition.
The merchants, manufacturers and pro
ducers of this State are rapidly getting their
exhibits into shape for the coming Central
American Exposition, which will open In the
city of Guatemala on the 15th of March next.
Charles Bundgchu, chairman of the Associa
tion of California Exhibitors, is just in receipt
of a communication irom Senor Don J. L.
Bueron, president of the executive committee
of the Central American Exposition, stating
that California has been accorded 12,000
square feet of space and that all of the neces
sary horsepower required to operate machin
ery exhibits will be given gratis.
HIS BODY HAS
BEEN LAID AWAY
Simple Funeral Services
Over the Late J. H.
Mangels.
Sympathetic Friends Fill St.
Mark's Lutheran
Church.
Military Dignitaries Follow the Bier
From the Church to lha
Grave.
All that was mortal of the late J. H.
Mangels was laid to rest yesterday after
noon iv the family plat at Masonic Ceme
tery.
Funeral services were held in St. Mark's
Lutheran Church on O'Farrell street, and
the funeral sermon was preached by the
pastor, Julius Fuendelinß. The church
was crowded to the doors, and the floral
offerings were unusually beautiful. The
services were short and simple, and music
played a prominent part in them.
The burial service at the grave was
brief— a short prayer, and as the coffin
•was lowered the Knickerbocker Quartet
sang "Nearer, My God, to Thee."
The pall-bearers were: Lieutenant-
Colonel Thomas EL Cluff, Lieutenant-
Colonel Thomas A. Nerney, Major F. S.
Pott from General James' staff, Oscar
Kron, Dr. Westphal, R. H. Schleuter, J.
G. Cox, H. Horstman Irom Stanford Par
lor, N. S. G. VV., and Thurlow McMulien
and Emil A. Engelberg from Tillmann
<fc Bendel's, and following the bier
were: Claus Spreckels, John D. Bpreckels,
Adolph Spreckels, Major-General James
and staff, Colonel William McDonald and
members of the old Second Regiment of
Artillery, Lieutenant-Colonel Geary. Ma jor
W. D. Waters, Captain D. A. Smith and
Bob Wieland.
In the course of his remarks over the
bier Pastor J? uendoling said:
"We are here to mourn a life that has
just gone out — one of those lives full of
bright services and courage. Sad are the
Hearts of those that were near to him and
we feel with them their great grief at this
hour when one stanch loyal friend, with
his clear insight, his frank cordiality, his
resolute will, has been taken from us.
But only from our sight. He will always
remain in our love and memories.
"The empty place at home can only be
filled by Him who has made it empty, and
we all pray that He may be near. A wider
circle, for whom I may presume to speafc,
mourn his loss, and offer through my lips
affectionate and earnest sympathy to the
stricken hearts here to-day. But the Lord
hath given life and death. Tne angel of
death has descended from his empire of
eternity. Not on his own account has he
entered your borne.
"Our God has sent him. The pain and
the terror of the closing scene of our earth
ly career are limited to the mere outside of
man, and this conviction that death can
no more touch us than a sword can a sun
beam renders it a mere insignificance."
A Suit Over Wine.
A new trial of the case of Charles Carpy
against James Dowdell and others has been
ordered by the State Supreme Court. It Is an
action to foreclose two chattel mortgages exe
cuted by Dowdell & Son to the Bank of St.
Helena upon a lot ot wine to secure two prom
HEW TODAT.
FOR THE
BEST TREATMENT
■m]7\ DR. COOK
Sf/U Market st " s#Pt ' Cill#
JWI *&fc!xk OFFICE HOURS:
1 tyl'sso!. '^r^k 8 10 12 A * M# and 2to 5
A^^f^yffliw* Sundays 10 to 12 a. h.
W^iW^BK^m Electricity Given
v' «5I When Advisable.
vDOCTOK COOK) Vv '
If you are afflicted do not rely too much ;
upon the recuperative powers of nature.
Lose no time in getting back your health.
A little medicine now will do more good
than a whole drugstore by and by.
DR. COOK CURES
catarrh, Rheumatism, Rupture, Files,
Blooa and Skin Diseases, and Diseases of
the Eye, Ear, Brain, Nose. Throat, Lungs,
Heart, Liver, stomach, Kidneys, Bladder
and Urinary Organs.
DR. COOK CURES
Stricture, Varicocele, Hydrocele and all
other sexual diseases, deformities or disa-
bilities.
DR. COOK CURES
The evil effects of early indiscretions— Ex-
hausting Drains, Impotency, Pimples, Ner-
vousness, Sleeplessness, Bash fulness. De-
spondency, Stupidity, Loss of Ambition,
and similar signs of physical, mental and
sexual weakness.
DR. COOK CURES
Every form of Female Complaint— Falling
or Displacement of the Womb, Painful, Ir-
regular, scanty or profuse menses, Period-
ical Headache, Leucorrhcea, Nervousness
and Hysteria.
DR. COOK CURES
By mail. ThereJore write it you cannot
• call. A valuable book on men's diseases
sent free to those describing their troub-
les. His address, as above stated. Is 865
Market street, Ban Francisco, Cal.
REMOVAL NOTICE.
LADD'S GUN STORE
HAS REMOVED TO 421 KEARNY STREET.
Fire Arms, Wishing Tackle and Sporting Goods.
Highest Cash Price for Raw Furs ail kinds.
HEW L TO-D AT-AMnSEM£WTS.'
A I «A"3 II D I again we make
ALuA&AK OI THE "WEEK!
HLUMfaiMilloy THE WEEK!
TRIUMPHANT SUCCESS
Of the Great Laughing Comedy,
••AUTHE COMFORTS OF HOME."
The Laughter Shook tue Roof i ast Night!
And Will Do So TO-NIUHT and All the Week!
See HUGO TOLAWD I Don't Miss the
Bent Rooms with "All Clever Work of V
the Comforts of Home." | J. B. PoLK.
-All the Favorites in the Cast
Onr Regular Prices. Phone for seats— Blacg 991.
PEOPLE'S PALACE.
Cor. Eddy and Jones Sts.
TWO WEEKS. MAYiItY J*\IIIRY 25
COMMENCING Jllvill'Alj diililJ/111l 60,
BRISTOZj'S
marvelous: performing
■ HORSES, ■■■ ■,:'
. PONIES AND HULKS.
' Matinees Saturday and Sunday. '•'
' At the matinees all children get a free pony ride.
Price5...... ....... .........10c, aoc, 30c, 50c.
KTFtr to-day:
I 8100 d...
| Bubbles. !|
jls Those pimples or blotches j
a that disfigure your skin, are !
jb blood bubbles. They mark d
i? the unhealthy condition of the ||i
]>) blood-current that throws them c
(I up. You must get down to $>
\>) the blood, before you cap. be I
<!< rid of them. Local treatment £
|>> is useless. It suppresses, but j
*l does not heal. The best rem- <i|
<•> edy for eruptions, scrofula, <\
< sores, and all blood diseases, is | ;
; Ayer's j;
Sarsaparilla. ||
i^sory notes given to the bank which were as
signed to Carpy immediately before the action
was commenced. Dowdell had negotiated
with a San Francisco wine merchant for Uio
Bale of a large part of the wine, though at the
time the notes were overdue. The first trial of
the case resulted in judgment for Carpy, which
Dowdell appealed norn and secured a new
trial of the matter.
Henry Highton to Lecture.
Hon. Henry E. High ion will deliver a lecture
this evening at Metropolitan Temple on a sub
ject of unusual interest. The lecture is one of
the series being given under the auspices of
the Central Lecture Bureau of the Y. M. I. A
large attendance is expected.
A Despondent Carpenter.
Charles Schotte, a carpenter living at 149
Perry strest, swallowed a dose of morphine
early yesterday mornint?, as he was out of
work and despondent. He wes taken t > the
Receiving Hospital, and was soon out of dan
ger.
;'' " : 'j •-,;■• KEW TO-DAT.
Some people are ' ' never
influenced by advertise-
ments."
That's right! that's right!
Don't you believe in any-
thing! and when we offer
to give your money back ii
you don't like something —
for instance, Schillings Besi
tea — look out or we'll give
you a nicked quarter, or a
punched fifty-cents.
A Schilling & Company
KEW TO-DAT— AMUSEMENTS.
BALDWIN THEATER.
ALHiviiix JkCo. (Incorporated) Proprietor*
ONI.Y TEN NIGHTS MORE.
Assisted by the Sterling Actor, Mr.
JOSEPH HAWORTH
To-Night and the Next Two Nights
and Saturday Matinee,
Kudermann's Great Play,
' L£ JLG-ID-A.."
Saturday Evening, "MARY STUART."
Next week— Monday, Tuesday and Saturday
nights, BETH." !
Thursday, Feb. 4, by universal request, "ADRI-
ENJS'E LEfOUVKKUR."
Evening, 25c to $1 !">0; Matinee, Entire Dress
Circle, $7 ; Balcony, 50c and 75c. Seats now
selling for all performances.
TAICOLMItfIOOTTLOD « G>- u»» a.lO rwnAotKj- • •
YOU I GET
CAN'T I IN.
JUST SEE THE CROWDS.
• THE DEVIL'S AUCTION.
Complete Change of all Features. Ballets, Spe-
cialties. Costumes and Novelties. First Presenta-
tion in this City of the new Pantomimic Episode,
"THE BIKK CKAZE." All the Hits Of the past
week Retained. All the Gorgeous Scenery, Cos-
tuming and > fleets. You can't afford to miss It.
Next Monday 'THE I'HODIOAL FATHER."
Bo "Very Funny.
TIVOU OPERA-HOUS2
UmKbnestink Kin,™* Proprietor otMaas{K
— THIS EVENING—
Wallace's Ballad Opera,
"MARITANA!"
-■■■',: ■;•■ GREAT CAST!
Correct Costumes! Beautiful Scenery I
Beginning Next Saturday, January 30,
Seats Now on Sale.
OUR UP-TO-DATE EXTRAVAGANZA,
ALADDIN,
i>r, THE WONDERFUL LAMP.
A Hodge-Podge of \
Mirth, Music, Ballet and Beauty.
Popular Prices... 25c and 50<3
MOROSCO'S
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
WAI/iKK MOROCCO. ..Sola Lessee and Maa»;t:
FUN- — EXCITEMENT FUN
Initial Production on the Pacific Coast of
"ORPHANS OF SEW YORK!"
A Sensational Comedy Drama of Life
in a Big City.
2 810 FIRE SCENES — -3
Splendid Scenery! strengthened Cast!
Many Funny Specialties!
Evening Priced— lOc, 25c and'sl3.
Matinees Saturday and Sunday.
CHARITY MATINEE TO-DAY!
'Grand Double Bill!
MTSS TILI.IK MOtiKISEY. rioprano. and
PKABLLADD, child Pianist, in conjunction with
•7 THE FRANTZ FAMILY T
The Most Wonderful Acrobats on Earth. .
ALCIDE CAPITAINE, the Female SandOW.
BKSHIK CLAYTON
The Renowned "Back-Kiclt" Dancer,
AND GRKAT OHO OF KOVELTIKS!
The" Hungarian Orchestra in concert in the Or-
phenm Annex immediately after the performance.
SUTRO BATHS.
Open Daily From 7 A. 31. to 6 P. M.
' Swimming Season 1897.
Bathine, Including Admission— Adults
• 85c. Children 2Oc.
General Admission, lOc ; Children, gc.
PACIFIC COAST JOCKEY CLUB
(INGLESIDE TRACK),
The only P«Kect Winter Racetrack in America.
RACING sij&jg RACING
Racing From Monday, Jan. 5, to Satur-
: day, February 6, Inclusive.
Fire or lore Races Daily, Rain or Shine.
FIRST KACE AT 2P.M. . .
' ■ Take. Southern Pacific i trains at - Third an!
Townsend sts. depot, leaving at 1 and 1:20 P. tf.
Fare for Round Trip, including' Ad«
mission to Grounds^ »1. 00.' . .
1 ate Mlsslon-sc. ' electric Hue direct to tracK.
I The Tarpey Stakes Saturday, January 30.
The Hobart Stakes Saturday, February B.*- *'■.
- ■-.'■ a. U. eU"KKCKJEI4i Presldtafc
W. S. Leakh, secretary.
78
RAILWAY SERVICE
MEN WILL MEET
Hundreds of Uncle Sam's
Postal Employes Ccming
to This City.
Their Twenty-Second National
Convention Convenes Here
in February.
Delegates of Their B nevolent Order
Will Come From All Parts of
the United States.
The twenty-second National convention
of the Railway Mail Service Benevolent
Association will be held in this City dur
ing the week of March 15.
The holding of a convention in San
Francisco has been a project long cher
i*hsd by the clerks in thiß division of the
service, but the great distance to be
traversed by the delegates from the East
ern States has until this year been an in
surmountable obstacle. Two years ago
the Southern Pacific Company made a
Prominent Local Members of the Railway Mail Service Benevolent Association, Shortly to
Convene in This City»
very generous proposal to the clerks, and,
using this as a basis of wortc, Superinten
dent Flint and his secretary, W. C. Ham- j
mond, succeeded in making such arrange- {
ments with other transportation com
paniealn the Western States as to render
the undertaking feasible, and at the Chi
cago, convention in 1895 this City was
selected for the meeting of 1867. For over
a year, therefore, preparations for this
convention have been made by the officers
and c.erks of the postal service in this City
and throughout the Pacific division of
the railway mail service. As their ar
rangements are nearing completion and
the day approaches they are looking for
ward to the arrival of their co-workers
from the Eastern States with many happy
anticipations.
The association, which this gathering
will represent, is an old and
benevolent order, whose membership is
composed of rail way postal c;erks, postoffice
inspectors and department officials who
*upervisr> the transportation of the mails.
It was founded twenty-seven years ago by
a few route agents who desired to provide
for the families of their comrades killed
in the service, and, at the same time, es
cape the exorbitant premiums demanded
by insurance companies.
It met with much opposition and no
favor during the first years of its existence,
largely because its promoters were with
out financial training, and its scant mem
bership was scattered over a large scope of
territory. Finally, however, by the favor
of a department ofliciul, a convention was
held at Chicago, which excited some en
thusirsm ano gave courage toils sponsors.
The membership soon afterward showed
an appreciable growth, department and
division officials applied for admission
and the prestige of tne society seemed es
tablished. In an evil hour, however, a
treasurer was elected, who signalized hi?
administration by absconding with the
entire assets, which, through loose busi
ness methods, were at the time unsecured.
Thus deprived of everything but its
name, th»> association began another up
hih struggle with only 140 members. By
levying double and treble assessments on
the remnaut of its membership who were
willing to ptnnd this sort of financiering
it established a small reserve fund. It
was then incorporated under the laws ot
Illinois and its certificates written to
cover deaths from any cause. It has since
experienced a steady growth and has at
this time 3760 members who are each in
sured in the sum of $2000. It has but one
salaried officer, who receives tne pay of
his grade in the Railway Mail Service.
By keeping the expenses of administra
tion at a minimum it affords to its mem
bers the cheapest insurance known.
The National convention is an old cus
tom of the clerks. At first only business
meetings were held ns circumstances de
manded, but for many years these have
been merged into one general gathering
and the business routine supplemented by
social features in which the families of
the delegates participate. It has thus
come to be the annual holiday affair of
the Railway Mail Service, to which every
clerk looks forward with keen interest.
These annual meetings, by affording the
rank and file of the service an opportunity
to exchange ideas and compare methods,
have been beneficial to the service, and
the dei>artment has always encouraged
them by arranging transportation for the
delegates and their tamilies.
In recognition of the hazardous work
and valuable service performed by the
railwayman clerks the cities in which
their conventions have be«»n held hereto
fore have made special rfforts to provide
suitable entertainment for tire visiting
delegates. .
The assistance given by the citizens 01
.San Francisco, so far, toward the eiuer
tainmentof these visitors indicates t;<at
there will be no cause for complaint
asiainst tho hospitality of the Western
metropolis-
The dele;;at o s and their wive*, number
ing in all about 300, will leave Chicago in
■ special train over t!»e Burlington route
anfi will reach San Francisco via Billings
(Mont.), Spokane and Portland, stopping
one day in the last-named city-
They will arrive in Ban Francisco March
15, remaining hire tire days; thence to Los
Angeles, where they will remain twodays,
and take up the homeward journey via
the Santa Fe route. The special train,
consisting of eight Pullmans, will be pi
loted over the greater part of its lons jour
ney by Captain L. L. Troy, superintendent
of the Chicago division of the railway. mail
service. When it p.vse* into toe Pacific
division at Spokane. Wash., it will be mef
by Superintendent Fiint. who will be the
•olci man', until it leaves his territory
again at Albuquerque, N. M. The enter
tainment in this City will be a
bay excursion, a trip to Monterey
ana the Santa Cruz big trees, a
day at the Cliff House and Golden
Gate Park and an excursion to liaywards.
The evening entertainment will consist of
a banquet, theater party Hnd a tour ot the
Chinese quarter. At Sacramento the dele
gates will partake of a breakfast provided
by the cimeu-j of that ciiy, after which
they will be escorted to the Capitol build
ing and received by Governor Bndd. At
Los An^-eies a trip will be arranged either
to Mount Lowe or Catulina Island. For
the purposes of this entertainment the
railway postal clerks of San Francisco.
Lo? Angeles and Oirden have subscnbsi
$2000 and additional amounts have been
received from citizens of San Francisco
and the postmasters at neighboring cities.
In order to increase thi* entertainment
fund PostofSce Inspector Erwin has con-
sented to deliver a lecture on the postal
servic at Y. M. C. A. Hall on February 4.
This lecture will explain in detail the
functions and opera. ions of the United
States postal system, and will be illus- I
trated with stereopticon views. Mr. Erwin
has been collecting data for this lecture for
several years, and his long connection with
the department as one of the confidential
agents of the Postmaster-General renders
him peculiarly tit to speak on this subject
This lecture wa< arranged by the postal
clerks, thinking that its instructive
features wouid prove especially interesting
to the business community, which de
pends so largely on the mails in the con
duct of daily affairs.
In the arrangements for this National
convention the Postoffice officials at
Washington and the superintendents of
Eastern divisions have taken the liveliest
interest.
The arrangements for the reception and I
entertainment of the visitors in San Fran- j
Cisco have been in charge of Assistant
Superintendent Lewis, Uie executive of
ficer for the association for the Pacific
division; Superintendent Flint; the di
vision 01 Pos-toffice inspectors; T. T. Ford, !
superintendent of mails, and the follow- \
ing committees, composed principally ot 1
railway postal clerics: Entertainment — R.
I. Auld, J. W. Erwin, Homer A. Swaney,
William McManus, L. 11. Bricker; trans
portation—Samuel Flint, W. C. Ham- j
mond, R. R. Mnnro; finance — F. I. R. ■;
Moore, F. P. Howland, Harry Watkins, j
M. J. Maloney, Frank Lore-.-. W. F. Ban- |
gassar; at San Jose — B. F. Richards; at |
Sacramento— J. J. Buchanan.
EESULT 01 A RAID-
Private Detective C'allundan Fined \
SUM) for Malicious Mischief.
T. H. Callundan, a priva'.e detective, was ,
fined $100 or 100 days in the County Jail
by Juure Joachirasen yesterday, on tiie
charge of malicious mischief. His attor- i
nev, W. H. Cook, gave notice oi appeal.
Callundan was arrested on October 16
on a warrant sworn out by Lee Hen. Four j
days previous Cailundan, acting tinder the j
instructions of the Chinese Consul, raided j
th« clubrooms of the See Yup society in
Chinatown and destroyed, it was alleged,
about $5000 worth of property.
When the case was tried it was urged
that, as Callundan had acted under in
structions of the Consul, there was no
malice on his part, but the Judge took a
different view of the case.
The Callundan raid was one of the moves
in the Sam Yup-See Yup warfare that re
sulted in the assassination of "Little
Pete."
•— • — •
lg Not Insane.
F. A. Wehr, the old carpenter who was ar- |
rested on complaint of his son, C. J. Wehr, 636 i
Jessie street, on a charge of insanity Monday
night, because he Bad sold his wiJe's tomb
none for $10, was up before the Insanity Com
missioners yesterday. They found no evi
dences of insanity iv the old man, and he was
discharged.
_ •— - .
Th« Hadelsbu Libel.
The preliminary examination :of Benjamin
F. Hudelson on the charge of criminal libel,
preferred by Attorney D. B.Woodworth, was
continued by Judze Campbell yesterday till
February 3. . The Judge was unable to take up
the case yesterday afternoon, as he , had to go
to Sacramento.
•'. — • — — « 7- •■
TO CIJKK A COLO I.V ONE DAY.
Sake laxative Bromo Quinine Tablets. All drug
gists refund the money if it fails to cure,'- 25c
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 27, 1897.
MRS. QUACKENBUSH
VISIBLY TREMBLED
Attorney Foote's Pointed
Questions Affected Her
Nerves.
Nevertheless She Held Her
Ground in Regard to Her
Marriage.
Gas Bills and Grocery Accounts That
Caused Acrimonious Dis
cussion.
Mrs. Nancy Ann Abbott Quackenbush
had another interesting interview witb
Attorney W. \V. Foote in Judge Seawell's
yesterday.
incidentally her attorney presented on
her behalf quite a number of documents to
sustain her claims to wifebood.
For instance, there were about a dozen
gas receipts for the house occupied by
Mrs. Quackenbush, all of said receipts
being made out in the name of T. M.
Quackenbush, who is claimed by her as
her husband by contract, although he
denies it.
Against this batch ol documents Mr.
Foote directed an energetic attack.
Mrs. Quackenbush testified that in order
ing provisions and supplies she made out
a list of what was wanted and Quscken
bush signed it. Then it was sent to the
dealer. lie always gave Mrs. Abbott a
part of the money necessary to pay the
rent. Stie produced a receipt bearing the
signature of a woman now dead for rent
once paid by Quackenbush. She also had
a package of receipts from the San Fran
cisco Gaslight Company made out to
Quackenbusb.
She produced some private notes writ
ten to her by Quackenbush. They were
almost ai illegible as Chinese lottery tick
ets. Attorney Foote insisted that the
court shou d read them and then pass on
tLeir legiblity. Judge Seawell could not
read them, and Attorney fiodgers started
to decipher them from a translation.
Foote objected to the translation, and
Mrs. Abbott was asked to read them.
The lady made an effort, but it was im-
possible for her to give the fall signifi
cance of the scrawls.
The jimduction of tb« grocery bills
aroused Mr. Foote'a ire. He wanted to
j know if all the bills lor groceries bad been
kept by her, and she said that she retained
all th:>l came into her hands.
"Don't you know that there were
grocery bills made out in your name that
were receipted and that you destroyed
tnem?" thundered Mr. Fooie.
"That is not true," replied the witness
in fear and trembling.
"Did you not buy groceries at Chiff's
and Sbnrboro's in your own name?" was
the next question.
"Not that I know of," replied the wit
ness.
A rpoeipt for rent for the premises at
1001 Washington street, signed by D. L.
Fonts and dated January 2, 1893, was pro
vocative of much discus-ion. It read:
NEW TO-DAT.
"fresh
bargains
Another week of great bargains.
In fact we offer you the greatest
ihoe Bargains San Francisco has
ever known.
Infants' Fine Black Cloth
To|>, buitou, hand turn-
ed, with pretty bows at
toi>, patent leather tip,
sizes 2 to 6. Reduced
from $1.00 to 70c
Ininnts' Fine Kid, button,
patent leather tip, hand
turned, sizes 2 to 6. 45c
Child's Kid Button, hand
turned, patent leather
tip, spring heel, sizes 5 to
8. Reduced to 7«_
Child's Pebble Grain, but-
ton, stout soles, narrow,
square toe and pebble
tip. spring heel, s zess to
1%. Reduced to goc
And sizes Bto 10%. Re-
duced to o oc
Misses' Pobble Grain, but-
ton, styli'-h, narrow,
s-quaretoo andpebbletlp,
sp.-insr heel, sizes 11 to 2.
Kiduced to 91 in
Lndies.' Fur-bound Romeos.
K educed from 81.50 to 81 00
Ladies' Wine-colored Kid,
bur-bound Romeos. Re-
duced from $2.50 to 51. 50
Ladies rme Glace Kia
Lace Shoes, pointed toe
and tip. Reduced from. .s2 50 to «tl 5%
Ladles' Box Calf, double *
sole, latest style, pointed
toe. RedUC-'d from $3.00 to 53. 15
Kast's
738-740 Market St.
Carry a Full Line of Buckingham
& Hecht's Fine Shoe*.
SEND FOR CATALOGUE.
"Received of T. M. Quackenhnsh $25 for
rent of 1001 Washington street."
Mi. Foote— Why didn't you give that receptl
to Mr. Quackenbush?
Tne \wtness — He asked me to take care of
them?
Why do you call this receipt "them?"
I mean all the receipts.
Don't you know that he was exceedingly
ciose?
Yes.
And stingy?
Yes— rather.
And very carefuiT
Yes.
Didn't he take a receipt for every nickel that
he ever paid out?
1 don't know.
Mr. Foote's inference in his subsequent
questions wa> that Mrs. Quackenbusb had
taken possession of the papers belonging
to Quackenbush for the purpose of bolster
ing up ncr claim.
The note signed "yours lovingly, T. M.
Q.," was especially objected to by Mr.
Foote. He asked "the witness if she did
not write the "lovingly" in after she re
ceived it from Quackenbush, and she de
nied the insinuation. She also resented
any imputation that ehf has fabricated
any papers for use in thi9 suit for $300 a
month alimony.
Mrs. Eva Poindexter and Mrs. Delia
Heerness testified that they heard Mr.
Quackenbush and Mrs. Abbott, as she was
then known, talk of their engagement to
be married and of their intention to go
East on a bridal tour.
On cross-examination Mrs. Poindexter
confessed to Mr. Foote that she abandoned
her children in the Eist before coming to
Caliiornia. She said she obtained a divorce
from her husband, but tne records of the
court were produced, showing that her
busband obtained a divorce from her.
SCHOOL DEFICIT LARGER.
Director Waller Discover* That the
. ... Amount Exceed* His Original
■ . ■ ■ Estimate. ,
- The meeting of the Board of Education
this evening will be a very lively affair in
all probability. H The deficiency in the
finances of the School Department is,
according to the figures secured yesterday
by School Director Waller, larger than
was at first supposed when it was placed
at $90,000. Yesterday Mr. Waller an
nounced that the deficit at the end of the
fiscal year will be nearer $120,000 than any
other figure.
Books and accounts have been carefully
considered during the past few days by
Mr. Waller, and he has also worked inde
fatigably to ascertain facts from all
sources, that the situation may be fully
understood. Auditor Broderick and the
Tax Collector have supplied some data.
The result of all this is that Mr. Waller
will have a statement, type-written, to
present this evening for the consideration
of his fellow -members in the board, and
the statement will be made— ''There is the
defict," this being followed closely by the
question — "What are you going to do
about it?"
"We hope by economy," said Waller
yesterday, "to diminish me amount of
the deficiency some before the end of the
fiscal year. We will get $10,000 less from
the apportionment 01 the Supervisors of
the City taxes than we figured on. There
is also another deficit due in the second
installment of the State taxes, which in
stalment ought to have amounted to $217,
--000, but it will fall down to $197,000.
The Supervisors figured too closely.
If Auditor Broderick's figures had been
taken in making the apportionment we
would have been in much better shape."
Yesterday the representative of the
Miriam Company of Boston, who fur
nished a stock of dictionaries to the
School Department, called upon Mr. Wal
ler to see what could be done in the direc
tion of getting paid for them. He said
that be did not want the dictionaries back,
but wanted the money for those delivered,
amounting to $<J4S. The purchase was
clearly in violation of the one twelfth act
and Mr. Waller has been so advised by
Auditor Broderick. j The agent went away
and probably will be heard from later. .
MARKET-STREET MASHER
A Tonne; Lady Testifies Against Joseph
Bush, Who nls Convicted of
Vagrancy.
Joseph Bu«h and S. M. Stone, the
Market-street mas tiers, appeared in Judge
Conlan's court yesterday to answer the
charge of vagrancy.
Detective Graham and Policeman Mr-
Gee testified that the two young men had
been hanging around the Emporium for
some weeks and complaints had been
made to them that ladles had been in
sulted by the mashers.
Carrie Epstein, a young lady living at
3523 Twenty-third street, -testified that
Bush had accosted her on Market street
last Wednesday. He asked to escort her
home, and she felt indignant and told
him she did not know him. She walked
away, but he followed her up Powell street
and again spoke to her. She walked as
far as O'Farrell street, Bush still following
her, and as sho turned along O'Farr»»ll she
met Policeman McGee. She told McGee
that Bush had insulted her and McGee
placed him under arrest.
Bush eland that he had no intention
of insulting the young lady, said he was a
married man and a plumber by trade.
The Judge convicted him of vagrancy and
ordered him to appear for sentence to-day.
The case against Stone, whose chief fault
appears to De that he was a. companion of
Bash, was continued till to-day.
KKW TO-DAXV
AT
X AST'S
ANNUAL
CLEARANCE
SALE.
We cut last week's prices.
Store crowded all the week.
Come early in the .morning: and
avoid the rush.
An assorted lot of Ladies'
Button Shoe", sizes 2, 2%
and 3, AA to C width, 4,
$5, $(• and $7 shoes. Re- . . O^r
duced 10. V*7w
Ladies' Felt 'Lace Shoes,
■ felt soles. Reduced from. sl.so - to \ 750
Ladies' Felt Slippers, with
leather > soles and .low .\ :-, v;j
heels. Reduced ir0m...;.51.00 to . 65c
Boys' Veal Button, sizes 11
to 6. Reduced 1r0m. ...... 52.00 to •1-15
Men's Fine Calf Lace and
Congress. Reduced ir0m.52.50 to 91.50
Men's Calf, cork soles, lace
and Congress. Reduced
from ...$4 and $5 to S3.
Men's Best French Calf,
: patent leather, lace and
c Congress, assorted. Re- v^
duced irom $7.00 to 94.00
A small lot of Men's Calf,
calf . lined, double sole, ..-;'?■
pointed toe. lace shoes. '
Reduced from i..;."*; $4.00 to 93.85
118 pairs ; Men's Fine Calf, :
razor or narrow square
toe, lace, nice dressy - *"«'•
shoes. Reduced from.... $3.50 to 93. 60
■;\ 738-740 Market St. :;
We Do Not ; Prepay ' Mall ' or Ex-
press Charges on the Above Adver-
tised Goods. . - 
; MAIL ORDERS PROMPTLY FILLED.
■
! TO-DAT.
MUNYON'S
KIDNEY
CURE.
Munyon's Kidney Cure cures pains in the
Dack, loins or groins from kidney disease,
puffy and flabby face, dropsy of the feet
and limbs, frequent desire to pass water,
scanty urine, dark colored and turbid
urine, sediment in the urine, gravel in the
bladder and too great a flow of urine.
Price. 25 cents. ■ . a*»ii
A separate cure for each disease. At ail
druggists, mostly 25c a vial.
Personal letters to Prof. Munyon, 1505
Arch street, Philadelphia, Pa., answered
with free medical advice for any disease.
CAUTION TO THE PEOPLE OF THE
STATE OF CALIFORNIA: Many un-
scrupulous drug cutters, "Who, having
forced the selling: price of MUNYON'S
REMEDIES to co*t. and, therefore, not
desiring to sell them, will tell you that
these remedies are not good, and will
try to persuade you to take some other
preparation, which they will recom-
mend as being better. Such men are
not deserving of your confidence or
patronage. Therefore do not be de-
ceived by them, but -INSIST upon get-
ting r. UNYOV'S.
ftk. i^ _^ —^k
KNndrINGCO.
103 and 105 Post Street. Take Elevator.
■ Formerly at 120 tter Street,
WILL KNIT your,...
'""" "'"* SILK, WOOLEN,
Til Dl'liH' LINEN. MERINO and
lV <Mlllfin ' COTTON /
UNDERWEAR!
REAL ESTATE AGENTS, ,RENT COL-
LECTORS AND AUCTIONEERS.
\ ' ■■• ■ .■- V-.'ji
Office and Salesroom
14 MOSTGOMERY ST., SEAR MARKET.
Miscellaneous Auction Sale,
By order of the Public Administrator, Commis-
sioner, Referee and Foreclosure .Sale, and for In-
dividuals, as per Catalogue at Salesroom ,
MONDAY
MONDAY, FEBRUARY 1. 1897,
At 12M.
By Order of Public Administrator
the Seven Following Properties:
First— Sloane Estate.
Number 1212 !-"coit st., between Eddy and Ellis;
2-story frame dwelling; brie* foundation, eta;
renting low at $2 > per month: lot 25x90 feet.'
Second Kdward Simpson Estate.
Numbers 3658-60-62 Twentieth st., bet. Valen-
cia and Uuerrero: '2 1-story frame dwellings In
front, and rear house; lot 25:2x114: front house
renting for %18 per month ; rear nous? vacant.
Third— F. McMahan Estate.
Number 6 Bernard St.. west of Taylor, bet.
Pacific and Broadway: story house; renting for
$16 per month: lot 23x60; street accepted by the
city.
— Martin Dougherty Estate.
N'amwr 21 Rlplev place, or Prospect place, east
of Fo •som st. : cottage of 4 rooms; lot 60x100 feet;
half block irom electric cars.
Fifth— E.S. Matthews Estate,
S. line of Blplny place or Prospect place, run-
ning through to N. line of Mary ■:., 230:9 W. of
Columbia place: 30x160; 2 frontages, bet. Fol-
som st. and Columbia place.
t Sixth— Mary Sheppard Estate.
18 Natoma st, bet. First and Second; front in
store and 2 finis nnd rear In 2 flats; rent $38 per
month; lot 23:3x75.
Seventh— Joseph . Clyde Estate.
Ocean View— Undivided third Interest in lot on
SW. corner of Montana and Capitol sts., W. 180 x
125.
By Order of P. F. Sice My, Commissioner.
SW. cor. of Filbert and Pierce sts.; lot 62:6
xlS7:d . _
Foreclosure Sale by Order Wells, Fargo
','■& Co. 's ; Bank.
6 lots facing on the N. line of Washington st.
and H. line of Jackson, bet. Cherry and First aye.;
this property is on Presidio Heignts, the continu-
ation of Pacific Heights, and is rapidly becoming
very choice residence property. •
The four following: properties, by
order of Henry P. Umbsen, referee
of the estate of Fred Greenham,
deceased :
First.
IN W. cor. of CFarrell and Leavenwdfth st«. ; lot
(only) 25:9x80 to an alley: improvement* I belong
to person who has a least . which expires March 1,
1909; rent $45 until March 1, 1899, after which
time he is to pay $50 per month until expiration
of the lease.
Second.
916 18-20 Harrison st., NW. line. bet. 6th. and
6th; lot 50x80; renting for $58 per month; 3-story
and double 3-story. . ,
Third.
215 Clary st. bet. 6th and 6th; 25x80: rant f2O
per mouth; 3-story bouse. '
I ourth.
E. line Sawyer St., 72 ft. S. of Vlsltacion are.,
and i being ' lots 3 and 4, i>loclc 28, Sunnyvale
Homnstt'fld Association: 72x110; being abort dis-
tance from San Bruno aye. and Six-mile House. ,
Mission Cottage.
934 Nineteenth st., bet. Castro and Noe: bay-
i window cottage of 5 rooms and bath; lot 30x75
Large Lot. ;. .
S. line of Armr st., 258:9% K. of Mission;
15^:2x115. Irregular; also the two lots in the rear
of the above, facing on the N. line of Precita aye.,
averaging 25xl7*> feet; ready to build on; street
work done complete.
McAllister-Street Lot-
S. line of McAllister 206:3 W.of Lyon; 2 lots,
each 26x137:6: good locality for flats.
. ..' Good Investment.
4 Moultonst, N. side, distant 92 feet W.of Mont-
gomery, bet. Green and Union: 2 houses, front of
5 rooms and rear of 6 rooms: 3 tenements; rent
$14 per month; lot 22:6x62:6. '
' Call at the office and get catalogue and ' further
particulars. ; .. ■'-■■■ '- . . _
G. H. UMBSEN & CO.,- Auctioneers,
' _ 14 Montgomery St. ■''
• _««*. ,a TnuG -on nuv
fci^^ajhSiis. TONG Pfl CHY,
JsfMßwß«Bto^R^Kt Successor to DR. LAI
. BfedEP«^JßSa*S;v i. PO TAI, graduate of
W%iliWm!> Canton .Medical Col-
-sE's>B» JHB fcaMgaKMfrc lege. after a very sue-
t* ? ceB '' ul practice of
W/ tUtMt many years in China,
>, l^^^Z^S Sr^ has l°'» te( i In s *n
%/i-i *P^ iF« Francisco. . The "so r-
\ljjj -* " fPjf ' prising and marvelous !
Uwgjjb $ l •/ - ' cures effected -by '• his
' l|mu • n herbs diruonstiate
JfPJvLjjn J'K , their potence and his
y\flf^ \r * IZV skill. - These herbs
.^CBSbV^ ' cure over 400 different
ffl^-'^'d'^ diseases, inc. tiding
ym^^^^C Bricht'a Disease, Dia-
sT^^S^r ■■'■'-■ ; betes,. > Consumption,
--— -a^ 'Asthma," Paralysis. '
Brain, Nerve, Cancers, Tumors, Blood, Male and'
Female : Maladies > All persons afflicted with an?
kind of malady whateover are invited to call.
' , Office, ■.. 727 Washington Street.
■■■ Office hours— 9 a. m. to 12 M-, - 1 to 9p. M.; Sun-
day, 10 a. M. to 12 K. ::, : v -
NEW AY-DRY GOODS.
CUT PRICES
-lU— ; , \
HOUSEKEEPING GOODS!
21x44 H. S. BLEACHED LINEN HUCK TOWELS. Cat down QQ aa Per
; t0.::....... .v.... $0.00 D oZ en
21x40 BLEACHED DAMASK TOWELS, knotted fringe. Cut 09 in Per
own lo V-• *" Dozen
22x22-INCH BLEACHED DAMASK NAPKINS. Cut down t0...... ©-1 {\~ Per
•• • • $■*■• wO Dozen
60-INCH HEAVY GERMAN LINEN DAMASK, bleached. Cut down £*„ Pnr
t0...... ; OUC Yard
68x80 WHITE BLANKETS, extra quality, pure wool. Cut down to.. Q- n A Per
03»VJU pair
11-4 HEAVY QUALITY WHITE MARSEILLES QUILTS. Cat ©9 -ft
down. to x «s)<£.OU E\Crf
BROKEN LINES OF FRENCH, DOWN AND JERSEY FLANNEL. Q~ n Per
Cut down to ;....... ................ DOC Pair
COUNTRY ORDERS PROMPTLY ATTENDED TO.
(X VERDIER & co.,
SE. Corner Geary Strd and Grant Avenue.
VILLE DE PARlS— Branch House, 223 S. Broadway, Los Anjjeles.
lOTICE IS¥ITDI6_SEALED PROPOSALS TRT?
For the Purpose of Sale of Bonds of -*• if 1 JLJa
the City oTSanJese. I __ M T \9
rpHR MAYOR AND COMMON COUNCIL OP | IA/ h H lA 1 V
XtheCliy of San Jose, toying by ordinance m- Vlf I 11 f\ 4 I'■ \ ¥
titled "An ordinance providing lor he issuance * * I 1 ft ' * £ \^ a » J.
. and sale of bonds of the City of tan Jose " etc
passed Ou tne 21st day of December, 1896, and -'•-^ -"'
approved on the -23d day of December, 189& r*l TTT T T
ordained that there anould be Issued by said city I I I I I
of Kan Jose six hundred high school buildij« I , S\M 1 I
bonds, of the denomination of $125 each, and four V J«# I I 1 I 1 ■
hundred sewer bonds of the denomination of 4100 " ■*■ ■*■»•*»•
each, both classes of bunds to bear interest at tliu
rate of ■»% per cent ; Der annum, payable semi-
annually, aud a so by said ordinance nutborized ~
and directed the City Cleric of said city to giva
ri c tb^forf propoBal ' forlhe " leofBaiabol^ dL It Publishes the Cream of the
Pnblicnoticels hereby given that the City of.Saa ' 1 News nf thf> Weolr anH
Jose Intends to issue one thousand bonds aforesaid. O{ ixeWS UI me Week ana
ami that sealed proposals will be received at the ! I
office of said City Cl*r)c. at the City H»1 In Han DC M ANY • ATTRAPTTVP AMT^
Jose, California, until tne hour of eight o'c oc- J mrt1 ' I Al IKA^IIVC AINJJ
P.M.. on the eighth day or February, 1897 (at «*< ORIGINAL FFATIIRF^ '-.'
which time, or as soon thereafter as said Mayor i I V-TV.IVJIIX rCH 1 UKC3.
and Common Council shall duly convene, said bids ! m/ — —
will be opened), for the purchase of the whole or j iticthd ddct ivddvi v
any part of said high school building and newer Imj lI la ■"C DCS I WEEKLY
bonds, or either tnereof. Said bonds are to bear °\ PAPER ON THE
date June 1, 1897. and the Interest thereon to be _J Dincir-rnicT
paid seml-«nnually on the first day <»f December ' &\ rAWIrIW UlAal
and the first day of June of each year thereafter, ! J — —
both principal and Interest payable in go.d coin or i C*\
lawful money of the United States i 1 AlwaYS ReDllhllCan hilt AlwaYS
saidhlgh school Uilldinz bonds shall be nnm- ! « rtlv L a rvcpuuiiLdll, ftlwa/J
bered consecutively from one to six hundred, buh | J Fair and Impartial in ItS
Inclusive, and be divided into forty series, num- 10/ r» ' j • r £lL r»
bered consecutivel, irom on.; to lorty, both in- Kendenng OT tile rO* t
elusive, each series consisting of ftfteea bondi; fj li+!/-<»l V- _ ••^. i '
the first series la to Include those bonds which are *^\ IlUCal IXcWS.
numbered from one to fifteen, both inclusive, and -«J
each succeeding series Is to include the fifteen °\
b"nds numoered consecutively after thosa la- _i ?+> c ♦>,-» p,^. +n C..j P^c» <•
eluded in the next preceding series- X '' S Ine rap»r tO oenu CaSt II
s-aid sewer bonds shall tx> numbered ennse''-.- I Ynn Want fn AHvprti«P
tlvelyfrom one to four hundred, boh inclusive, « XOU VVdlll TO AOVerUSe
and b • divided Into forty series numbered '•■in- .1 California
•ecutlvely from one to forty, toth. inclusive, each OC . , -. .
series consisting of ten bonds; the first seriej is 10 !^\ "' " ' ~~~ ■ '•' ~'~' 1
lucinde those bonds which are numbered from q/ -«vV • X
on* to ten, both Inclusive, and each succeeding "^\ tl. d__* V /v:.:..
seiies is lo Include the ten bonda numbered co .- ,mj '" c n "»>- X / Mining
exile's? 8 ' those inoiudlKl ln lhe oext pre- : 3 Telegraphic \/ News That
The first series of said high school building ,DC Service On X\. Is ArruratA
bonus and said sewer boads sh^ll be made payable ! ) aervll - t5 on X\ ls * UI
o:. the first day of June, Ib9B. and one of the re- « The Coast / \& Up to data
mailing series is to be made payable on the first : I"- X v
day of June In each succeeding ca endar ear ©v X \.
thervaf.er. until and Including the ye.»r 1937. ' - . < > .
(-1 Id bonds are to be made payaDle to th • order of ' 0/
th" purchaser or payee by name, and to each of • — —
a»iu bonds there li to be attached interest-bearing i t~J _, ' - . /...<- .
coupons, double in number 10 the number of years ' *^N Not a Line 01 it Sensational
wliica such bond has to run before Its maturity. _ J r> «• .xi x 1 • a
Proposals must state the price ofleied, the descrlp- °\ Or raKV, and WOt 2l Line Of
tlon of the bonds desired, and b« accompanied by I ;x nv_., __ ll ; t ,or*;«»
a certified check on some responsible bank, pay- DC It Dry Or Uninteresting,
able to the order of the Mayor of said City, for at I
least ten per cent of the amount bid, said checK to Dv
be returned to bidder in case the bid is not ac - J A PAPER FOR THE COUNTRY FIRESIDE.
celled. The purchase money for said bonds shall ' CX
be paid In gold coin of the United states within '
ninety days after notice of acceptance. The right ' <■>/ "**^
to accept my or all bids and to reject any or all I "
■■■•^aBP»>fcal Bis 5* is - a non-poisonous 3 a rAiirnDMi* nrwcaiDrD
t iVfimS'*"^^M remedy for Gonorrhoea, ex * tALIrOKiMIA M.\YJ>PAPtB
.^■yoUBEB^B Gleet, Spermatorrhoea, 111 THF TIMF
fmgTin Ito 0 d»yi^| Whites, unnatural dis- -J ALL ' nL • mt "
mmSK Qa»r»nwed ■ charges, or any inflamma- y^\
«•»¥ n»i to rtri«tare. Zz- tion, irritation or ulcera- _l IT ADVOCATES SFNT RY
n u con««io». tion of mucous mem- ©< "JP. YUl * IU Mill «i __
ffT»aTHEEvAN3CHEII!n»I.CO. cranes. Non-astringenr. I I 1" ^-ro.ro MAIL, Jf 1 ' 50
VflAeiNCimTi.o.Mßl Sold by Dru«ri«tr, =< INDUSTRIES A YEAR.
\HB&l tr a. a jSSk or f°ot in plain wr^ppe'*, _/
" Ji«<®nH by express, prepaid, fo£
-^l^Pl fei: r r sent l^ %£* o< THE CALL SPEAKS FOR All -
cosmofotjit McMUNN'S #%O|| |iy|
Opposite U. a Mint, 100 and 102 Fifth St., Sal £UXIR OF ™J" V& M »2^ IW'B
Francisco, Cat.— most select family hotel la — ■«■•• wi -wv m HI h^wV BHr ■
the city. Board and room *1, *1 25 and $1 60 pet The purs essential extract from the native drug Con-
day, according to room. Meals 25c. Rooms 50a tains all the valuable medicinal properties of Oriuni
and 76c a day. Free coach to and from the howL without <ts noxiou, c enTentk No s^KS^cf "omach,
■ZEifiuSaSSL*' beaf^« *^!aß?f Pw^Suli 0 * Po Tomlt^ig ' no eosti vecees , no toaaaclw. AU DrVgUts!
M ~ — — —
A New York business man f a fisher and camper-oot in
vacation time for forty years, says that & J> J> > J 6
R-l-P-A-N-S Tabules
17 " ;: are the ne plus ultra of j medicine for a sportsman's
need, and that he would as soon think of omitting his
fly book as of going- away without a dozen or two of
tnese little regulators, correctors and comforters. «* jfc
. ", % ■.■'■■■'■■■ - ■ ■ , ■ ' ■' '
I J
• -.•■■•■••.■. ,.....-. / ..''...■THE SCAFFOLDING
SPLIT IN TWAIN
Precipitating Two Painters
to the Pavement Be
low.
A Fifty-Foot Fall Caused the
Death of William
Blake.
His Companion, J. Buckley, Is Ex
pected to Die at the Receiving
Hospila'-
Two unfortunate men trusted their Jives
to .a frail scaffolding yesterday morning,
and now one is dead ami the other's life is
flickering, ready to go out.
Both were married men, with children
depending upon the earnings of their toil.
William 'Blake, the poor fellcw who died
under circumstances most painful, leaves
The Scene of the Fatal Accident, 51 Stevenson Street.
his family in a cozy home at 19a Harrison
avenue, while J. Buckley, who is so bruised
and injured that there is faint chance of
his recoverinc. has a wife and a couple of
babies at 1307 Broadway, Alameda.
Walter U.ake, the contractor, and a
brother of the- man who died immediately
after the fall, is a house-painter, whose
office is on California street, near Kearny.
He instructed William Blake anc" Buckley
to take their paraphernalia to the build
ing of Poy Kee & Co., shoe manufacturers
at 51 Stevenson street, and prepare the
three-story building for painting.
The iren arrived there early, and about
10 o'clock they had the scaffolding hang
ing. The ladder, at either end of which
the guy ropes from above were attached,
was a frail affair rvhich had been in use
for years. On it lay a thin plank, and
botb.of these were incapable of holding the
weight of one man, let alone that of two
and the paint Dots.
They broke squarely in two as soon as
thu painters got aboard, pnd down crashed
the .poor fellows to the stone pavement
fifty feet below.
Blake struck on Ins bead, leaving a gory
mark where he fell. This injury caused
his death. Buckley broke his right arm
amlthigfe, and suffered other injuries.
tiuckiey died at tiie Receiving Hospital
KEW TO-DAY.
T^n LIFTS
-^iKHVf
. • _=~352 KyflEß | i A YOUNG MAX STARTS OUT IN
"■ I, I'l .■■ ..mn ,^^^Bvi fat\ I ■ ■ life wit 1 bright prospects; ambitious,
P. "'Ui)iHliHlil!;i|l»| /iMßßjffjßjM rm vigorou-, full of energy, and with the aim
liililfFffllllllß^flilJS^^^^^^ of success. He meets with the usual o r>
' ii I' M Will \\y Sl ' |l^&ail|r^|-i ttac!e3 as ho battles with the world. At
lul!i|ra — ■* = 6f| iT^l^i^VluL - >; » first he surmounts them and pushes on
If i(jfl M with renewed vigor. After a time these
'•''• t> # <' *.» *^» '" "p^^ , obstacles seem, harder to overcome. He
■•■^•■^ -* ,is Jagging behind. He loses energy. His
courage is lacking. His nerve gradually weakens. His eye grows less. bright. The
manly vigor thai was once his characteristic is lacking. He gives up in despair.
Disheartened, gloomy,
C5-IV3E3KT TJX* HOPE.
• What a condition for a young man! What has brought about the change? Look
into bis life and you will find that he has wasted his strength in early indiscretions
or excesses that have brought a drain on his system. This has been slowly sapping
away his strength until his system can no longer keep up with the losses and he Is
weakened. He has lost his manhood. He has tried medicine, and because it has
' failed toi cure him he has given up in despair. And yet nature is kind. She has pro-
vided a remedy /or such caaes. Electricity is the hope of a young man. in this condi-
i tion. By its use Be can snatch victory from despair. Dr. Sand en has made it possible
L to.use nature's remedy in assisting nature Dv means of his wonderful Electric Belt.
€ Get the book "Three Classes of Men" and read of his wonderful bui simple method
iff curing weakness and disease. Read the testimony of the many thousands who
have been restored to health and strength. Call and consult the doctor and see and
• teat the belt, or send for the book, which is mailed, sealed, free to any address. Don't
put it oft. There is nothing more important than your health. Call or address
jS^%.!SrX33E3I^' eijECTRIO CO.*
. 632 MARKET ST., OPPOSITE PALACE HOTEL, SAN FRANCISCO.
Office hours— a m to 8 -30 P. M. ; Sundays, 10 to I. Los Angelas Office 204 South Broad-
way; Portland. Or., 253 Washington street; Denver, Colo., 933 Sixteenth street.
J>OTi£.— Mate no mistake in tae number— 632 Market street.
last night about 10 o'clock and his body
was removed to the Morgue.
THE KENNEL CLUB GONE.
The Olympic Gun Club Will Step Into
the Shoes of the Defunct
Pacilios.
A special meeting of the Pacific Kennel
Club vas held last evening in the Occi
dental Hotel to hear the report of a com
mittee recently appointed to interview
members relative to the policy of the club
in the future.
E. Briggs, who was chairman of the
committee, reported that of twenty-eight
members who were interviewed all were
in favor of the ;lub disuanding. Mr.
Bushnell then moved that the money and
property of the Pacific Kennel Club be
given to the Olympic Gun Club as a
guarantee fund, provided that it will give
a bench show this year in this City,
and in the event of the Olympic Gun
Club failing to hold a show this year the
money of the Pacific Kennel Club placed
in its charge revert to a committee ap
pointed by the chair, or in theevent of the
Olympic Gun Club holding a successful
show without the necessity of having to
call upon the funds of the Pacific Kennel
Club, said fining must be refunded to the
committee to be equally divided among
the Protestant, Catholic and Hebrew or
phan asylums of this City.
The motion was carried unanimously
and the chair appointed Messrs. Watson,
Uruenhagen, Briggs, Bushnell and Haight
as the committee.
E. Briggs moved that owing to the fact
that the hazardous duties of the club have
tor years failen upunthe shoulders of a
few enthusiastic members, and because of
, the lack of interest and support iuani-
fested by its representatives, the club
disband and that its secretary duly notify
the American Kennel Club of its action
and tender the Olympic Gun Club its
hearty support in the event of a show be
ing held under its auspices. This motion
was also carried unanimously. The mem
bers present tendered a vote of thanks to
the officers of the club for their untiring
efforts to further the interest of the club
during their term of service. The Olympic
Gun Club will meet this evening to hear
the report of the committee, and as it
will doubtless be favorable to- the Gun
Club it is safe to iay that a bench show
will be held this year.
Size of the City Funds.
Auditor Broderick has made a report for the
quarter ending December 31, at which date
there were funds on Land as follows: General
fund $662,990 47, school fund $245,857 55,
public bunding mnd $142,387 44, park im
provement fund $71,330 27, new City HhII
nin<l $273,466 40, Free Librnrv fund $30,
--239 71, street light fund $67,030 12. The
total on hand in all >he funds was $3.219, -
--577 23.
Plunkett Advanced
John M. Plunkett, who has been Collector
Wse's messenger for some months, has passed
the examination for day Customs Inspector.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 27, 1897.
DAVID WAS FIRST
AT LONG ODDS
The Ring Laid 30 to 1
Against the Meek-
Looking Chestnut.
All Six of the Favorites Met
With Defeat at Ingleside
Yesterday.
The Sinner Was First at Odds cf
30 to I— McLight Nos»d Out
Cabrillo in the Mile Rui.
There was a mild growl among a few
turf patrons on Monday at the frequency
with which short-priced horses in the
betting caught the eye of the judges first
at the local track. Yesterday long-shots
rolied over The line in such profusion that
it is probable the voices of these grumblers
are hushed torever. The star of all these
rank outsiders was the plebeian-looking
chestnut David. The son of Wawekus
arrived here recently from New Orleans,
and one day last week started in a seven
and a half iurlong dash at Oakland, finish
ing a eooa third to Yankee Doodle and
Mt. McGregor 11. Notwith^tandine this
fine showing the ring laid 30 to 1 against
him. The race sras third on the card, a
six and a half furlong spin, and David was
meeting such good ones as Ferrier, Liber
tine, California, Zainar and Geyser.
Ferrier, carrying 110 pounds, was the
post favorite at odds of 9 to 5, with Liber
tine a liberally backed second choice.
Zamar II made the running and was first
lnlo the stretch by a length, followed by
Libertine and Geyser. Below the furlong
pole T. McHugh on David moved up from
next to last position, passed both Zamar
and Libertine and taking the rail
position won handily by a couple of
lengths, and incidentally set the track
record for the distance at 1 :21%.. In a
hard drive Libertine beat Dan Bonig's
sprinter a head for the place. Both the
favorite, Ferrier, and California suffered
interlerence during the progress of the
race.
This was not the only startling surprise
of the day. In the last race of the day
The Siuner, with 30 to 1 about bim,
downed Gene Leigh's fast celt Good Times
and others, and old McLigbt headed
out his company in the mile at a happy
f'gure in the betting. Tom Griffin's mare
Addie Buchanan lowered the colors of
the cinchy favorite, Applause, and three
others siartine in the fifth event, and alto
gether it was a most disastrous day for the
first choices. The desire of those looking
for spice and variety must certainly have
been satiated.
The first race decided, a six furlong, sell
ing affair, with light welter weight up,
saw the 6 to 1 outsider, Masoreo, cleverly
ridden by Charley Thorpe, finish first half
a length ahead of the 2 to 1 choice, Neb
ula, piloted by Jones. The Corrigan en
try, Jezebel, was third.
Eleven members of the kindergarten
divis on face J the barrier in the three fur
long scramble. Carrying 118 pounds, Duke
of York II was backed down from 5 to 2
to 6 to 5, and although putting up a most
creditable race, was outfooted and beaten
half a length by the Ezell entry, On Gua
Nitn,with lOSDonnd* in the saddle. Count
of Fanders was once again third. The
winner wa-10 to 1 in the betting.
The mile run that followed was prolific
of another upset. With Sloan up, Cabrillo
carrying 104 pounds, was a supposed "lead
pipe," but in a run home from the head of
stretch was outpaced by McLigbt and
nosed out at the wire in 1:41%. Olive came
very fast at the finish, ending up a close
third. The winning nor c was ridden to
good advantage by "Skeets" Martin, after
getting away from the post last of the field.
Although on paper the fifth event at a
mile looked a good thing for Purser's mare
Applause, which was held a 1 to 2 chance
in a majority of .the books, the knowing
money went in on Addie Buchanan, forc
ing her odds down trom sto 1 to 9 to 5.
Doggett raced the favorite's bead off the
first six furlongs and when challenged by
Addie Buchanan in the stretch had noth
ing left and Giffin's mare won handily in
THE "CALL" RACING GUIDE.
PACIFIC COAST JOCKEY CLUB. Ingle.side Racetrack. Monday. January 25. Forty
first day of the Winter Meeting:, 1896-97. Weather Fine. Track Fast.
AAt\ i'l-RST KACii— Three-quarters of a
Horse, ag», weight.
Str.
31
11
21
61
5Vz
74*
8 10
9
Fin.
IV*
35
4h
5h ■'
64
7h
816
iietllns.
Op. Cl.
336
483
344
;-i2
421
Masoreo. 4 118
Nebu a, 3 99
Jazebel, 3 99
Mno'<-do\vn 4 136
sir Richard, a. ...142
Tulare, 3 101
Tryst, 3 102 Va
Duich Valet, 3.. .104
Auquorn, 3 b9
1
4
6
2
3
8
7
61
i •£
3h
5 l
■i b
■■ v
81
Tn
9
54
1 1
31
Si*
« Va
7*
9
l norpe
Jones
T. Sloan.
Cairns.
Hennessey
K. Isom
Burllrigame
T. McHugh
Thompson
6
6-5
3
• B
10
■
6
6
15
6
2
3
•JO
10
6
15
15
40
357
*72
392
Good start.
Won driving. Winner, G. Pacheco's b. g , by Pee.-Ursula. Time. 1:16%.
AAtt SECOND KACE-Tbree-eighil
Ind.
Horse, weleht.
%
Jockey.
411
(411)
411
"'42B'
On Gua Nita. 105
Duke of York 11.118
Count of Flandrs.lOs
Free Lady 1 12
Cales.a X 105
Mort-lilto lIS
Don. I-uis. 116
lam Sr>encer 116
Old Jack ll'<
Kuonmel 112
(Nellie Mrl'o iad.ll2
2
1
5
9
8
10
4
6
3
7
left
1 3
22
5 2
6%
bit
9
tt
!0 7 *
1%
23
34
4 Va
6 Va
6 V*
76
84
18*
T. McHugh
Jones
Blanifh er
Thompson
Spencer
sn der....... ....
H. .uartln
Hennessy
Thorpe
R. Isom
C. Moan
10
6-2
4
15
16
8
4
10
6
6
•
10
6-5
6
20
40
15
10
40
8
10
*
:::::::
I
I
I
Bad start.' Won handily,
h Free Lady.
JU Ezell'
b. t, by Hindoo-Meddle. Time, :3bVi» *Coupled
AAI THIKD KACh.— Thirteen-sixteenibs of a mile; purse #500.
Index.
435 |
(346)
352
196 ;
(412)
(421)
Dnvld, 6 1'
! ! ibertlne, 6 1
jZamar 11, 3 II
'Geyser. 3- I 1
! Ferrler, a 1
■ California. 5 li
Horse, age, weight.
5
1
8
t;
•_»
4
a. -
"^
lh
5 Va
4 Va
22
V*
Va % 6tr. j Fin. : Jockey..
6 6 63 12* T. McHugh ...
4^ 3%' 13 3 2h Macklin ......
la lh 11 8n slaughter
8h 68 38 43 T.Sloan
63 4Va 42 52 Hennessey .....
2 2 lift 6 | 6 H Martin......
Kelt ing.
Op. Cl.
25
. 2
8 ■
6
2
4
20
14-6
. 12
8
9-5
9-2
lOd start.
1:21%.
Yon
awenus-imp. Ireasure Trove.
FOURTH
Index.
Horse, age, weight.
Fin.
20
(4*2)
.(434)
' 426
McLight, 6 100
('abriuo.6 I<>4
Oiive. 5 95
jPersonne, 3 86
! Mibengula, 6 106
Bueno 6 97
Ry delTierra. 8.87Va
Jane Andrews, 3. 90
8
7
5
6
1
•i
3
4
62
4 U
I
6b
7 a
3h
2h
12
3h
61
5 1
4li
8
1 h
2 2
4h
62
7^
8
22
1 li
6 1
3 1
4 I
6 2
76
8
ins
2 2
3 2
41
5 Va
61/2
i 7 la
8
H. Martin .....
T. M0an,.... ...;
K. Is3m ....
Thompson......
E. Jones
Slaughter...
daws hi .-.
Rector
4
7-5
20
7
5-2
10
7
300
6
8-2
80
7
6--'
> 10
20
5 0
Good start. Won driving. Winner,
:41 Vs- - ■ < ■
&. binlc's cb. h. ,
j q FIFTH BACE— One mile; purse *400.
Index.
361*
"*425
Addle Bchanan.6.
'lreachery, 4... 10
Applause 5 .. lv
Installatrix, 3....
Horse, a?e, weight
St. ' I/4* Va % Btr. Fin.
: 1 33 n 3 J/i, 2% 22 11
44 .. ,47 8h !32 ;2h
,3 . 11,4 1 •/. 11% 1 h 8 8
2 | 25 2iy 3 4 4 » 4
81anghter.
Macklin
Dogget
J. Ward
4 9-6
6 30
1-2 11-20
30 40
Betting.
)p. CL
:42i/ a .
50. BIXTH
mile; selling; purse *350.
/
Horse, age, weight.
V4-
»v*
Fin.
jockey.
c p.
(344)
427
(889)
427
-430.
437
4*6
414
The Sinner, 3.....'
Basqull, 3 j
Good Times. 3— ,
|Pi,i ip 11, 3 :
Mercutio, 3
iDfiammator. 3..:
Potentate, 6
iDeteclive, 6 '.
101
07
4
7
3
8
1
2
6
5
1........
1 1*
2b
8
4 b
71
3h
6 2
1 1
3 h
4h
H
62
62
w
1
3V,
1 3
2h
a vi
4%
5 2
6%
7 B.
8
Hennessy
K. Jsom
W. Martin
Clawsoa
<-'. sioan.
Porteous
Thorpe
Spencer
12 26
6-2 , a
,-6 9-10
12 16
40 30
100 160
.6 10
■-0 40
Good start. Won easily.
Winner, H. H. llunn's b. g , by imp. St. Andrew-Viols, Time, I:l6 Vj-
The Beautiful Creation of the Silversmiths* Art to Be Presented to
the Owner of the Horse Winning the v Spreckels Cup,"
One of the Classic Events of the California Turf, Down
for Decision in the Near Future at the Ingleside Track.
I:42>£. Treachery caught the tiring
favorite the last few strides, getting the
place by a nose.
The Sinner will be held in much
greater respect when next he appears.
He wa9 allowed to grope back in the
betting on the final six-furlong sprint, de
cided under selling conditions, until 30 to
1 was obtainable, the supposit on being
that 121 pounds was more than he could
handle. Hennessy took him out in front
from the start and, never headed, passed
the judges over two lengths clear of
Basquil and the 9 to 10 choice, Good
Times, which pair fought it out for the
place, resulting in a victory for the former
colt.
LADIES' DAY AT INGLESIDE
Seyen Well-Filled Events at One
Mile or Over Down for
Decision.
Some cf the Best H rses in Training
at the Track W.!l Faca the
Barrier— N.tes.
This is "ladies' day" at Ingleside track,
and seldom has a racing organization fur
nished its patrons with a programme of
such rare excellence. Every race down
for decision is at a mile or over, and the
lovers of long-distance spsrt will be in
their element. AH of the best horses in
training quartered on the track are en
tered, and the novelty ot seven distance
events being decided in one afternoon
promises to attract one of tne biggest
crowds of the season. Among the entries
are Pat Dunne's grand horse Captive;
David, the sensational winner of yester
day; Semper Lex, and other cracKS. Spe
cial cars will be run for the accommoda
tion of racegoers over the electric line on
Mission street.
President A. B. Spreckels of the Pacific
Coast Jockey Club announced yesterday
that the four-mile race originally set for
decision on Fehruary 22 would not be run
on that date. 1 his date was claimed by
the Ingleside association some time ago
for the . running of this particular race,
but on last week the California Jockey
Club announced that the four-mile stake
on that club's programme would be run
on February 20. This would, of course,
preclude the horses running in ' this
latter race starting again two days later.
Yielding to ihe wishes of horsemen with
an eye to capturing one or the other of
these distance runs, Mr. Spreckels said
that his club would postpone the running
of its stake until later in the season, an
other stake being substituted as the fea
ture of the Washington's birthday card;
David won a number of handicaps dur
the past summer. He was well nigh un
beatable at Milwaukee, so a prominent
trainer states, showing himself a horse
capable of reeling off a mile in l; 40.
Sam Doggett must be a very poor judge
of pace. He rushed Applause away as
thou h the distance* to be covered was
three panels instead of la mile and the
mare's defeat was predicted before half
tb* distance had been run.
Morrellito is the first of the get of the
dead Morello to lace the* barrier. He did
not accomplish wonder?, but may improve
with a little more age.
Bookmaker Johnny Coleman placed $100
about the ring on David, getting 25 to 1
for his money. He bought soda water for
everybody in proximity to his stand when
that horse won.
Olive ran a corking good race yesterday
and is evidently rounding to again to her
old form. ••■••■.._ - - ■
Kiley Granuan and Joe Uilman both
had good bets down on Addie Buchanan.
Following are the entries -for this after
noon's programme of running events:
First race, one mile, purse. - ■ • .
426 Manchester ...105 441 Imp Sain 100
439 Ca rle U 100 440 Joe X 105
319 Japonlca. 11U 270 roptDjay... 88
424 Draught, 90 422 Chance 102
96 Marcel 100 434 Examiner 104
410 Jack Richelieu 105
Second race, one and a sixteenth miles, selling.
(421) Mahogany 104! 418 Flashlight 107
348 Camel i a 87 2*6 semper Lex 107
416 Wm. Plnkerton 93 325 Ked Glenn..... 11l
(4U9)Benamela. 109
Third race, one mile, handicap.
■444 Preston. 110 436 Nebuchadnezar 98
(447) David. 104 436 Lincoln II 89
448 Lobengula. 104 449 Addle Buchnan 88
418 Schiller. 108 (415)Doublequick.... 85
421 Argentine .102 361 Wawona, 85
438 Caspar. 99
Fourth race, one and an eighth miles, se.ling,
hurdle.
43S America.. 136 214 Cymoor. 136
232 Herman 143 366 Mr. Reel 128
439 Governor ßudd lll (443) Tuxedo 143
439 The JBacnelor.,l3l .
Fifth race, one and a half miles, selling. \
854 Judge Denny. 99 419 Threa Forks. ... 88
438 fin 87 441 lapiive 107
(45!9)Doy]e 99 3«5 Mor.e Foose.. ..106
429 Little Bob 94 1 414 F remoit ...... 87
Sixth race, one mile, three-year-olds.
8&7 Lady Hurst.... 87 224 Lupula 87
172 t-teator. 107 «48 Personne 116
281 I.oulou R 93 445 Tulare 87
441 Greyhuist 113
Seventh race, one mile, purse.
437 Don Clarenclo.. 96 436 Kedskln 110
.... salvation....... 115 412 Unity 102
396 Flush 8an...... 98 4*3 Favory..... 105
441) fecim1tar........105 439 Instigator ...... 105
♦ —
SELECTIONS FOR TO-DAY.
First race— Marcel, Carrie V, Man
chester.
Second race — Benainela, Flashlight,
Red Glenn.
Third race— David, Schiller, Argen
tina.
fourth race — Sir. Keel, Governor
Budd, Tuxedo.
Fifth race — Captive, Judge Denny,
Morte Fome.
Sixth race— Greyhurst, Stentor, Per
sonne.
Seventh race— Kedskin, Salvation, Don
Clarencio.
SUITS lOS DUTIES.
Ihe Governtaent Begins Ten Actions
on the Tariff Law.
The District Attorney yesterday began
ten buits for tariff duties aeainst five well
known local firms, as follows: Four
against 8. Glaser, three against the Abner
Doble Company, one against Bowen &
Schrarn, one against Goslinsky & Co. ana
one aeainst Macondray & Co.
The suits mean that the Government
desires to compel the firms to pay the old
McKinley tariff for steel rails which were
left in Government warehouses three years
ago, und«>r the Wilson bill. The differ
ence is $1000 in favor of the Government.
MISSION HIGH SCHOOL.
Auditor Broderick Invest! eating Con
tracts for the 1 nilding.
Auditor Broderick is making an in
vestigation inio all the contracts let for t tie
Mission Hi h School. Tne total appro
priation of $200,000 for the site and build
ing will already have been exceeded by
$700 if the contracts stand. Architect
Haven bas pat in a bill for 2)4 per cent fee
on an estimated cost for the building of
$137,538. The awarding of contracts will
be considered.
Hangs Upon a Hat.
The preliminary examination of John Dra
back on the charge of burglary was com
menced yesterday afternoon before Judge
Campbell. Draback was accused of breaking
into the store of Antone Drankley, Thirtieth
and Mission streets, last Friday night. Con
siderable evidence was taken, and the whole
thins appears to hinge on whether a hat iound
in the store belonged to Draback. He was
told to put it op in court, but it did not fit
him. The case was continued.
. — «. — •
Hypnotic Inst., treatmi, teaching, 6 O'Farrell.*
JT_~* TO-PAT I—DRY1 —DRV GOOn«
TO-DAY'S GREAT LEADERS
-__.-- .
CLEARANCE PRICES
It will pay every one to take advantage of
TO-DAY'S CLEARANCE SALE OFFERINGS,
which include a great variety of seasonable
lines, all MARKED DOWN FOR IMMEDIATE
DISPOSAL
REGARDLESS OF SACRIFICE,
COLORED DRESS GOODS!
2t; n 152 pieces 38-INCH WOOL BOURETTE DRESS GOODS, in browns only,
<i\i I former price 60c a yard. On special sale at 25c a yard.
OfJn 137 pieces 38-INCH FANCY BOUCLE DRESS GOODS, mixed colors, former
UJu I price 50c a yard. On special sale at 30c a yard.
QC n I 42. pieces 38-INCH .ALL-WOOL FANCY CHEVIOTS, mottled effects, former
uJb I price bOc a yard. On special sale at 35c a yard.
qc 151 pieces 38-INCH ALL-WOOL.ENGLItH CURL SUITING, former price 60c
UUU I a yard. On special sale at 35c a yard.
cn p 122 pieces 54-INCH HEAVY BOURETTE SUITING, in brown and blact, and
uUu I green and black, former price $1 a yard. On special sale at 50c a yard.
LADIES' SKIRTS!
tf>n nn 1 LADIES' SKIRTS, of plain and Figured Mohair, also Serge, former price
U>_.UU |$3 50. Clearance sale price $2 each.
LADIES' JACKETS!
fljq OR I LADIES' JACKETS of Covert Cloth, Mixed Cloakine, Black and Navy
iDu* UU I Boucle Cloth, iormer price $7 59. Clearance sale price $3 95.
LADIES' FUR COLLARETTES!
CJQ nn I LADIES' BALTIC SEAL FUR COLLARETTES, satin lined, former price
UU $3 50. Clearance sale price $2 eac i.
<J»ft QC I LADIES' WOOL SEAL COLLARETTES, edged all around with Thibet;
\Du. uJ also Baltic Seal with marten collar; former price $6. Clearance sale price
• $2 95 each. •
djl QR I LADIES' CANADA SEAL FUR COLLARETTES, with fancy lining; also
W'f.uJ I WOOL SEAL *OLLARETTES, edged with brown marten; former price
$10. Clearance sale prce $4 95 each. .-- .-./,: -~■_■'., \ .•. ..-,.•>,.
<JJC Cn I LADIES' EXTRA QUALITY ELECTRIC SEAL FUR COLLARETTES,
<DD JU { with fancy silk lining, iormer price $12 50. Clearance sale price $6 50 each.
(Pin nn I LADIES' NOVELTY FUR COLLARETTES, of Monkey, China Seal and
vPIU.UU I Astrachan, former price $17 50. Clearance sale price $10 each.
EMBROIDERIES! EMBROIDERIES!
7lp I 100,000 yards CAMBRIC AND NAINSOOK GUIPURE EMBROIDERY, regu-
Iv I price 15c a yard. Special, sale price 7%c.
ICp I 175,000 yards CAMBRIC, NAINSOOK AND SWISS GUIPURE EMBROIDERY,
luu I reeularprice 330 and 3 c a yard. Special sale price 15c.
QCn I 75,00) yards CAMBRIC, NAINSOOK AND SWISS GUIPURE AND IRISH
u\th | POINT EMBROIDERY, regular price 50c, 60c and 75c a yard. Special sale
• price 250. . •
MEN'S FURNISHINGS.
in p 192 dozen MEN'S FULL-FINISHED HEAVY VICUNA MERINO SOCKS,
lull | with double heels and toes, regular price 2oc a pair. Clearance sale price 10c.
-_ 2 lots of about 40 dozen MEN'S UNDERWEAR, consisting of Heavy QC ft
Jjjg Camels' Hair and Undyed Sanitary Derby Ribbed Snirts and Drawers, UUU
usually sold at 75c and $1 each, will be closed out at Each
JERSEY RIBBED UNDERWEAR!
Q{|n 175 dozen LADIES' JFRSEY RIBBED EGYPTIAN COTTON VESTS, high
UUli I neck, long sleeves, handsomely trimmed neck and front, ankle-length drawers
to match, worth 5Uc each. On special sale at 30c each.
: ?GORSETS! CORSETS 1
r»Cp I 69 dozen LADIES' BLACK SATEEN CORSETS, extra long waist, high bust.
Udu I two side steels each side, guaranteed perfect fitting, worth $L On special sale
at 65c each.  ■ . ;'4"V. \;
MUSLIN UNDERWEAR!
Q<in I LADIES' CHEMISES, made of heavy Muslin, all seams finished, yoke of
uJb | embroidery, will be closed out at 35c - -"'••■
RIBBONS! RIBBONS! RIBBONS!
Itjn I 100 pieces of 3-INCH ALL-SILK COLORED TAFFETA RIBBONS, in assorted
luu I colors, value 30c, will be closed out at 15c
LADIES' KID GLOVES!
Cfln I 400 dozen 5 and 7 HOOK GENUINE "FOSTER" KID GLOVES (slightly
UUu I imperfect), odd sizes, colors and black, regular price $1 50 and $1 75 a pair, will
be closed out at 50c '
fff B MURPHY BUILDING, I
{/{/ fflariet Street, Corner of Jim /
'.';■•■ \~:v Sfjtxi, Franoisoo. * .
.._■ .. k , - , - . --. . - ■- ■■ - -• j .
t fill! n HUT I 111 r ft I flip
I 111 II UU I UP HI i'nlr
UUULU 13 U I LllL nLUtILi
it.ff-X^-s 'i'ii*Ji-.:
-
, '
Death NoW Comes Suddenly tO
• : m-
Mrs. Thomas J. Shack
■
leiOrd*
Just Three Weeks Ago tin Heal of
tbe House, Too, Expired of
Heart Dis a,e
——
Like her husband, who went recently
before, death came suddenly but easily to
Mrs. Elizabeth P. Shackleford. It was
heart disease, according to the doctors, in
both cases. •
Just three weeks ago Attorney Thomas
J. Shackleford took a seat in a train at
Visalia en route to his home at 1006 Leav
en worth street in this City. When the
conductor asked the passenger for his
ticket death paid the fare. The end had
come /the jogging of cars. So it
was with the widow he left behind. ['
At 2 o'clock yesterday afternoon the
string snapped and there passed from the
Southern element of San Francisco society
one of its most popular members.
Mrs. Shackleford was a Miss Hunter, a
native of Lexington, Mo., in 1848. .Her
late husband was a Southerner from
_ -•".. .-i_.' - . ;■ -■ - • ., -•■, -,- . ■
Lynchburg, Va., and the turmoils of the
Civil War sent both families West in the
early '60s. Shackleford settled in Visalia.
So did Miss Hunter and her people. ;
Just twenty-eight years ago they were
married. The husband had political am
bition end gratified them in his younger
days.' He was secretary of the State Sen
ate in 1868 and representative in the As
sembly from Tulare County a year later.
Later he drifted to San Francisco, and
was at once admitted to the inner circle of
"chivalry" element of the Southern
Democrats. He' was appointed secretary ■
of the Board of Health and later cashier
of the Custom-house, under Collector John
S. Hager. Throughout he was a good
citizen. -■■.-:>-; V
The funeral' has been set for 2 o'clock
to-morrow. The:ob?eqnies will be held in
'he family residence and the interment at
Masonic Cemetery.
, „ „— —- * *
All Fools day is traced through every
country of Europe to the Hindoos.
\._r\-^-^^-^:^T:..._^ v^wA-
-«^ II AlfMlf
£T A Nt Wig
wl I n liLww
■KC___i_ * llI?P A lIT^IIIIIf t
£jr£ J\J6 1/ £j IAIt 1 LTIL •
\\'% S'V'
<f\v^ r CDPHAI CAI D
i^jm St^C>K ' IAI- AL-C
Jfißfac«<ML. —
*^ ij^^r* ' r I^/^\/"\T^^*
' rugg* ' |^I II 1 I
S£o_w- V 4"^' ;
* '': ■■__¥• F"^ IT_"O t^ ' '
11 ■""* |V I"S_^ EtC.
. #*•■—* *V.*- #A-^ )
' '_ '___ _____ ,
, NOTK PRIOHS:
B»n«pariU» 800t...... ......p« pound aoo
BVeaV;:;!!^«^V/i*:v".'.".!.*{"" " 200
Dog-grass::.'.. .!..'.!.".'...'.'.'.'...'.'.'..'. " " 200
sassafras Bark ; " " 150
Chamomiie Flowers " ■ 35c
J^iper Berries " » 15«?
Elder Flowers " •* 200
Bacha Le»ves -- - " " 25c
Margh jiaiiow '■?"'••••:••-"••• ; " „ ; 30«
white Oat 8ark":!........... " ■ 200
Booeset ........: "••• •• " " »5c
c*tnip.......". " • " 25«
Horebound ". " . aso
ah others at proportionately low prices. -
jo- we guarantee ail our herbs the FRESHEST
money can buy. <
, _.__.__.«._--»_,■ _..___.
NO-PERCENTAGE PHARMdHV
HUXLIIULII I HUt rnHniTlHul
953 Marltet Street '
- ' ■* south side, beu Fifth and sixth.
910
THE COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SIMMAUY OF THE MAKKKTS.
Silver advanced a fraction.
Wdeai Freights steady.
Wheat dull and lower.
Barley weaker and qul>t.
Oats. Corn 11 rid Rye dull.
our and MiilstulTs weak.
Hay and Feedstuff* quiet.
Beans and Seeds neglected.
Potatoes and Onions higher.
Butter ami Cheese weak.
Another decline in Eggs-
Poultry In large stock and depressed.
Game dull.
Choice APPles firm.
Oranges aud lemons dull.
Limes scarce and firm.
Dried Fruits dull.
Provisions unchanged.
Hides and Leather quiet.
Wool less active.
Bops neglected.
Beef easier.' Pork lower.
Coffee quiet.
. O Clear 3 Partly Cloudy
# Cloudy Ram (p Snow
Explanation.
! The arrow file* with the wind. The top figurM
at station indicate maximum temperature for the
days; those underneath It. if any, the amount of
rainfall, of melted snow in inches and hundredth*.
during the past twelve hours. Isobars, or solid
lines, connect; po^n s of equal air pressure; Iso
therms, or dotted lines, equal temperature. The
word "htch" means high barometric pressure and
Is usually accomDanied by fair weather: "low"
refers to low pressure, and is usually preceded
and accompanied by cloudy weather and ram*.
"Lows" usually first appear on the Washington
coast. When the pressure is high in tha interior
and low along the coast, and the isobars extend
north and south along the coast, rain is probable:
but when the "low Is. inclosed with isobars of
marked curvature, rain south of Oregon Is improb
able. With a "high" in the v'.rinity of Idaho, and
the pressure falling to the California coast, warmer
weather may be expected in summer and colder
weather in winter. The reverse of these condition*
will produce an opposite result.
WKATHKK BIKKAU liKPORT.
United States Department of Agricul
tcbe, Weather Bureau, San Francisco, Jan.
26, 1b97, 5 P. m.— Weather conditions and general
forecast:
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to date
as compared with those of the same date last sea
son and rainfall for the past twenty-four hours:
Eureka 23. 30 inches, last Reason 23.22, past 24 !
hours .00; Red Bluff 12.00, last season 12.53, past
24 hours .00; San Francisco 11.20, last season
10.19. past 24 hours .00; Fr-suo 4.73, last season
3.18, past 24 hours .00; San Luis Oblspo 9.70,
last season 10.09, past 24 hours .00; Los Angeles
8 40, last season 4.19, past 24 hours .00; San
Dleso 6.60. last, season 2.30, past 24 hours . 07;
■i uma 4.62, last season .32. past 24 hours .00.
San Francisco data— Maximum temperature 51,
minimum 43. mean 47.
An area of hich pressure continues over the
Rocky Mountain and plateau re -lon. There has
been a rapid rise over [.'tab and Nevada and a
slight fall over Oregon and Washington. Cold
weather continues over the greater portion of the
country. The temperature has fallen in the Sac
ramento Valley about 10 degrees. It has alto
fallen over Utah and Arizona.
Heavy frosts are likely to occur Wednesday
morning throughout California. There has been
an increase in cloudiness along the immediate
oast and there are some indications of a low off
the coast of Northern < a:ifo:nia.
The following maximum wind velocities are
reported: Tatoosli la!»ud 34 miles per hour from
the cast. Fort Cauby 06 <*»s , Portland 28 east.
Forecast made at San Francisco for 30 hours
ending midnight, January 't7, 1897.
Northern Calllortila— Cloudy Wednesday, with
rain, possibly turning into snow in northwestern
portion: continued cold weather; southeasterly
winds on the coast: li.ht northerly winds inland;
heavy fro.its Wednesday morning.
boutbern California— Cloudy Wednesday; colder,
with frosts: light northerly winds.
Nevada— Fair Wednesday; colder.
Utah— Fair Wednesday; continued cold.
Arizona— Fair Wednesday ; colder: heavy fro»ts.
San Francisco and vtciultv— Clondv and threat
ening Wednesday: continued cold weather; light
northeasterly winds. Alexander McAdie,
Local Forecast Official,
NEW YORK MARKETS
Financial.
NEW YORK. N. V., Jan. 2b\-The transactions
at the StocK Exchange ere 82,871 shares, me
smallest total for a very long time. The dealings
were confined to room-traders and were entirely
devoid of significance, save perhaps in the way of
indicating a disposition of outstanding noldero.
'1 he tendency was upward in the very start except
for occasional rains by the bears, having but little
effect. Coalers were strengthened by denials of
some of the sensational reports recently current
concerning the affairs of the Delaware and Hud
son Cunal Com pan v by President Olipnant. and
they advanced left. Lackawyiina, aster rising
from 162 to 153%. reacted to 152 and finally ral
lied to IoSVj. hendlng gained about a point.
Failing in other directions, operator* working
for lower prices Uual y made an attack upon. New
York Cent al, • hlch declined to 9'JVii: no
tangible reason being assigned tor the ureak.
This raid tailed to Influence the market in the
slightest degree, and toward the close there was
an advance all along the line. The demand to
covor short contracts developed a scarcity of
moots, mid this stimulated the upward move.
ment Final quotations, which were generally the
highest of the nay. showed net cains from Vi l *>
e>s per cent, New York C atral was me only
block umong the leading shares that showed a loss
of any consequence. It left oft 114 below lust
night's prices.
Advice.* from Washington favorable to the ap
proval of the arbitration treaty with Great
Britain led to large purchases of s.ocks for bctn
accounts. (General Kleclric was firm on the rumor
that the rompany had completed arrangement*
for the surface lines of the Metropolitan Tract on
company. Among the specialties Wheeling
dropped l'/s 10 10-Vs-
Buuds were strong and higner to-day. The
sales aggregated $1,301,000. Auhison adjust
ment tours rose 1% to 47: international and
Great • .Norther. i fives,. 1 to 76: Knoxvilie and
Obio first sixes. 1 to 113; Louisville and Nash
vll.e cold five-., IVi to 100: I'eorU and Kastern
cooioll<lat»d loirs, 1 to 74; »t. Paul and I. M.
fives, 1 to 1-26 1 -!- Union Paclnc sinking fund
eights. 1 to 90. ana do gold sixes. li/_. to 102.
In Government bonds $12,000 registered fours
of 1925 sold at 122%.
FUOVr. — Dull; steady. Winter Wheat, low
crades. $2 30@2 35; fair to fancy, $3 50@4 75:
do patents, $4 95<<j5 15; Minuesota c enr, $3 SO
($4: do s<raightt, $4@l 45; do patents, St 35®
5 16: low extras *- bU@3 35; City Mills. $4ig,5;
do patents, $5 20(^5 45: Rye m'xture, f3@3 50;
superfine, $2 0 @3 20; tine, $2 bO@3 15.
c-ou'.hern flour, dull, steady; common to fair ex
tra. $3 bO@3 65: good to ihoice do. 93 75@4 05.
Rye flour, quiet, steady, at $2 8 s(gi3 16.
cok.\M:;al-L>uii, steady. Yellow Western
91 80©-J 5a
RVt— Dull; weak. Western, 47c f. o. b.
BARLKY— Quiet, weak; ißVs@29i^,c c. L f.,
Buffalo. ••■»■?
WHEAT— MKrket dull, weaker: tab., 94% c;
ungraded red, 76©65 c; No. 1 Northern, 89% c
Options are more active and closed weak at
1 : !i(uU y^c decline on eAsier cables, foreign selling,
weak eat, bearUhcrop report and liquidation
here and West. May aud July most active
FINANCIAL.
CHICAGO GRAIN, PROVISIONS
AND NEW YORK STOCKS.
WHEELOCK & CO.,
4 I.eidesdorff St. Tel. Main 1954-
CENTRA I, OFFICIC
623 Market St.. Palace Hotel. Purty * Atkinson,
Managers. '!'•'!. Main 5141.
Uptown Office— Baldwin Hotel (adjoining Grill
- Room). .Tel. Main 91. •
PURDY. ATKINSON & CLAPP. Managers.
Orders instantly executed on latest market quo-
tatlons. itoforvucK Ist National Bank. S. F.
CHICAGO. PRIVAXiS WUtii. XEXf YOHJt.
January. 867' 8 c; March, 87% c; May, 83% c;
* tX>R <- %WM dull: ea«ler. No 9. 28% c ele
vator, 29 Vic afloat: No. 3, •« > O@27c.
options «ere dull mid wea< at Vi<8 3 /»c de line
on weaKer West, cold weather and realizing.
May and July only traded in. . January, 2fcVß<£
28V*c; May. 29% c: July, 30y c.
OaTS— Spot dull, easier.
Options dull, weaker. January, 21% c; February,
21c; May. 21% c;' July. 2i.'%c
Spot prices: .No. 2. 2*c: No 2, whit*, 24c;
No. 2 cnlcago, 23c: So. 3. 2OV4C: No. S white,
22c: mixed Western, ii'J®i'4c; white do, 25&29.:.
Provisions.
J,AFT>-Qulet, easier. Western it»»ni, $4 20:
City. *3 70: J»nua.y, $4 20: refined firm; Con
tinent. *4 65; South American, $4 75; compound, I
41/4@4%C.
poKK-Dull, easy. Mess. *8 25(<£9.
MUTTKK— steady; rooderae demand. Cream
ery. 13@20c: do factory, 7@l4c; Elgins, 20c;
Imitation creamery, 111016 c. . , : "
l H1« KBK— Firm, good demand. State, large,
B@lli*c: doornail. B@ll Vie; part skims, s®9c;
full skims. 3@-<%c i'^il'l".
EGG is- Firmer. Icehouse 12@13c: Western
fresh. 13c: do case, J203; limed, 12@13c.
TALLOW— Firm. City. 4y a c: country. 3%<as%c
COTTONSKKD OlL— Steady. Crude, 2Uc; yel
low prime, 23@23%c.
HlCK— Firm. Domestic, 3%@6c; Japan, 3y @
3»ic. , „
JluLASSKS— Steady: moderate demand. New
Orleans. .'2@32c.
COt 'FFK— Barely unchanged to 5 points up.
March. $9 8009 40: May, *» 36<£9 46; Sei>i»niber,
*9 45©9 50. ~ pot Rio dull, easy: -No. 7, 9 7 /gC
SUGAR- quiet. off A. 8 «4c;
mold A. * %c; standard A, 4%4c: confectioners'
A. 4i/ 8 c: in. loaf. 4? 8 c: crushed. 4%c; powdered,
4%c; tranulateu. A4°i cubes, *%«■
Fruit aud Produce.
JirBICOTB— Bags. 8<&>llc.
}y Unpeeled, bags, 7@9c; peeled, bxs,
2 @lSe.
I'KUNES-Fonr sizes, 6V«c.
KAIBINB— Two-crown. loose miKC&tel. iV%c *
ft: 3-crown, b^c: 4-crown. 6%c: London layer*
$1 40.^1 50: clusters, *1 bO(a>l 90.
A VioNDS— Soft shell, B@9V»c; do paper bhell.
ll@l'Jc.
WALNUTS— Stan.inrrt. 7o; soft »hell. 9c.
HOPS— Firm; fair demand. I'aclflc Coast, SV»
@13c.
WOOL-Qulet, firm, fulled, 18@31c: Texas, 7
@lUc.
Merchandise.
FIG! BON— American. Sll@lS.
COPPER— Firmer. Lake. $12.
LKAD-Bteady. Domestic. *3 05@3 07%
--"il>— Easier. Straits, $13 (is@l3 75; plates,
quint.
SPELTER- Easy. Domestic, «3 85(jS3 95.
IHICAGO MAKKKTS.
CHICAGO, 111., Jan. 26.— Wheat broke sharply j
to-day, despite the bullish construed Government j
report. For some time the trade hits based
operations on the cry that the Government would
report a yield from 425,000,000 to 450,000,000
bushels for 1896. The lisures yesterday placing
the crop at 427,000.000 bushels should have, ac
cording to all ru:esoi cons stency, caused prices to
advance, but. on the contrary, m is usually the
case in speculation, the unexpected hapi.eued and |
prices slumped with rapidity. Liverpool rabies i
quoted a loss of from Vis J to S-irl' tUus display- |
ing unconcern a;, the om\;a report of the Ameri- j
can crop. From the opening there were li avy i
offerings, and no demand except from "put '
holders.
Receipts were 45 cars and 81.663 bushel* were
taken from store. The Northwest had 125 cars
against 268 last i uesday and 406 on the corre
sponding day a week ago. Bi adstreet's reported a i
decrease In the world's sto ksof 1,137.000 bush
els, which was a bull disappointment. Closing
Tans and Berlin cables were lower. Antwerp was
unchanged. Kxport clearances amounted to 316,
--384 bushels. May wh- a- opened from 79Vic and
78% c, sold between 79Vsc and 77»/ic, closing at
77% c, l%c to - c under yesterday, tstimated re
celpu for morrow '22 cars. No. 2 spot, red, wheat
ranged irom 868/ 8 c to (s9VsC, closing at 861/8®
S7S 8 .-,
CORN— Weakness was prominent in corn as
well as wheat on account of the sympathy exist
ing between the two grains. 'lhe Government
statement showed that the crop of 18^6 was
fully as great as every one expected. The esti
mat« was given as -.'J83.000.0U0 bushels, some
thing enormous. Prices sold off. but not as
sharply as those of wneat. Hec«:pts were 453
cars and 70.000 bushels were withdrawn from
store. Liverpool cables quoted i*! decline. Brad
street's reported an increase of ±u«,000 bu-hels tn
mocks. Exports were light at. 134.042 bushels.
May corn opened at 2hS.±(a23?.gc, dec ined to "JS-Vs
(g;2 " /4C, closing at 23%c— i.gc under yesterday.
Estimated receipts for io-morio>v 210 cars.
OATs— Everything else being in a sate of col
lapse there was no reason why oats should not be
in line. The air of weaknesspsrvading the other
pits existed here. The Government estimated
last year's yield at 707,000.000 bushels. Receipts
were 318 cars and 24,055 bushels were withoiawn
from store export clearances were 12,662 bush
eis. Bradstreets gave a decrease in slocks of 444,
--000 bushels. May oats closed 3/gc under yester
day, Estimated recepts for to-morrow 178 cars-
FLAX— Was steady. Cash, No. 1, 74^c; North
western, 76Va c; May, 77V*c: July, 78 Vic Receipts
were 35 cars.
PROVISIONS— hog market was Irregular,
light grades showing strength and others weak
ness. Pro met sympathized with the latter and
was alsp ctei] by the tone of grain Pork closed
7i^@loc lower. May lard 6@7^c lower and May
ribs at 6c lower.
BUTTER— There was a better feelinz in butter
to-day. Fancy makes were In good demand and
prices showed some advance.
Creameries— : extras. 18@19c; firsts. 17@18c;
seconds,l4(al6c: imitations, fancy, i:i@l4c. Dairies
—Extras. 17c: tints. 14(<£lJ>c: seconds. 9010 c.
Ladles-Extras, 10@llc; firsts. bV 2 ttUVac; paiklu£
iiock. 8c; grease, •Ji, 2 @Sc; roil Duuer. Inc.
Ki;i;> — A fair business on local account was
transacted. The demand was gooJ and ttu feeling
firmer. Fresh stock 16c 9 dozen.
MOSEY- Was 4V«j(S>&X ou call and 6% on time
loans. New York exchange sold at 60c discount. I
(■losing Prices.
WHEAT— January, 755/80; May. 775/4 C; July,
74c.
CORN— January, 'ilyic; May, 2S»ic: July,
24»,ic.
j CaT&— January. 16c: May, 163/ B a c; July,
18 Vi''
iußK— January, $7 80: May. $7 90.
ÜBD- January, *3 "71/2: May, *i 02 V a .
lUBS-January,.?4 o.'^; May, 94 07^.
Livestock.
UNION STOCKYARDS, 111.. Jan. 26.-The
supply of ca tie on sale to-day was, as usual on
Tuesday, small— only 3000 head.
The day being cold buyers were reluctant to
spend much tiui-» in the yaids. ' A dull steady
market was therefore noted. Most of the cattle
were ordinary in quality. Feeders have teen too
saving of their corn, and fewer fat cattle are being
sent to market than In other season i when feed
was worth double the amount. The co weather
is hard on hogs In transit, and a good many have
reached here in a halt- frozen condition. Only
18,000 arrived to-day, against 37. 174 last Tuesday.
Eastern shippers took one-fourth of the offerings
yesterday. Shippers were light purchasers this
morning, but with the small prices supply prices
were sustained. During the latter part of the day i
prices weakened, and closed be lower nan yps.er
day's top figures, sheep and lambs were weak,
the supply being liberal and demand poor. Prices
were 10@15c lower
CATij-E— Receipts, 3000. i- ancy beeves, $5 20
(5.5 40: choice to prime 135u@i7tiO Ib steers, $4 hO
'£5 15; good to choice 1250@i600 Ib steers. $4 40(9
4 75; medium titeers. 12u0@1300 lbs. $4 05@4 35:
fair beef steers. 900@U50 lbs, *3 Bd<S&4 <IO: com
mon beef steers. 950@1i50 lbs, $.-> .iOrai t 75: good
to prime stockers ana feeders. *3 7f>!0,4 15; fair to
good stockers and feeders. $3 2653 75: bulls, choice
to extra. &i 9< ($3 30: cows and heifers, choice to
prime, $3 Jo(g»4 I/O; cows, fair to choice, $_' 40fa)
a 40: cows.- common to fair cannery. $1 75@2 86;
calves, to fancy, f5 60w6 60; calves, common
to good, S3 50@5 40: lexas led steern. $3 su®l 30:
milkers and sprintters, V head, $25@)40.
HOGS-Recelpts, 18,000. Heavy packing and
shipping lots, (3 3503 62V5>: common to choice
mixed, $3 35(^3 55; Choice assorted, $3 47i 2 (d
3 60: light, $3 35f»;H «J0: pigs, $3 25@3 60.
bHKi-.P— Receipts. 17,000. Inferior to choice,
$2 5t(3,4; lambs, $4 50@6.
£eceipta at Omaha. 
WHTTH OMAHA. NKBR-. Jan. 28 HOOK-Re
ceipts, 4600. Market strong to 5c higher, closln,
easier. Light and mixed, $3 36@3 45; heavy,
S3 2503 »6.
CATTLK— Receipts. '.'OOO. Market steady, with
cows strong; cows. 81 76(83 65; feeders,' S3
(g,3 90: steers, $3 60® 4 14.
sHKEP- Receluts, 250. Market active. Year
lings. $4.
Receipts at Kansas City.
KANSAS CITY. Mo.. Jan. 26-HOOB-R*
celptit, 14,000. Opened 5c higher; closed with (he
advance lost. Light, 91 40@d 60; medium, $H 40
@»47iA; heavy, *2 25@3 2 : pists $3<a3 20.
CATTLE — Kecelpt*. 3000. bteady. Native
steers, best. $4 20@* 40: fair to good, *3 20
@4 WO; cows and heifers, best. $3® « 60; fair
to good. *2 85@.H 20; bulls $-' 9J®;i76; stock
ers and feeders. *3 sO@i 10; lexai and Western,
«2b5@3 80; calves, $4@U. ■ ««"••
BHiiKP— Receipts, 4000. Slow.
NKW YORK STOCKS.
Bonds, Ixchauge, Money and Railroad
Shares.
Money on call easy at lV^@i!X; last, loan
1%%. and "losing at IJ£%. Prime mercantile pa
per, 3@3%*. Sterling exchange Is steady, with
actual business in DanKers'btlls us S4BsiA'<44 86V.
Posted rates. *4 85% ©4 87. Bar silver? 64 7A0!
Mexican dollars. 60%(0»5iy 2 c. Government Do nils
firm;' stato bonds firm: railroad bonds higher
silver neglected.
CLOSING STOCKS.
Am Tel A Cable... 85 North American. 43.
Atchlson 14% Northern Pacific. 131/4
Preferred Preferred •.. »»%
Adams Express. ..l6o. Northwestern 104i /4
Alton, Terre Haute 66 Preferred 161
American Express 110 NY Central .939/.
American Tobacco 73% NY, Cnicago&St L 12 .
Preferred 102% Ist preferred..... 68
Bay ttate G»5..... lli/a 2d preferred. 557
Baltimore A Ohio.. 16 WAN 8;.......17&U,
Brunswlc* Lands. %N V A New Erie... 38 ,
Buffalo, Koch & I". 16»/i XV" Kusq A W.... HVt,
Canada Pacific... 64 V. Preferred 23y 3
Canada Southern.. 46 0ntari0........;.... •In
Canton Land....... 60% ntario A Western 14%
Central Pacttlc 13 < Oreuonlmprovmnt
Ches & Ohio 171,4 OPrefe-red — —
Chicago Alton 165 Oregon Navigation 13
Preferred ...... 175 - Oregon Short Line, ltf
Chicago, B A Q.... 74.Vis Pacinc Ma 11........ 26
Chicago X 111.... 39 IVoria. D A Evans 2
Preferred 80 nits burg & W pM. IS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 27, 1897.
Chicago Gas 788/ Pullman Palace.... 157%
Clev*<fc PittsDunr.l67 Quicksilver «.;• 1
Consolidation CoaL 35 I Preferred 10
Consolidated Gas. .14f>y 3 Readme IBVi
CC Louis... '.'7l/2 K:o(>ran(le<fc\Vestn 12
Preferred 7SVai 1 referred 40
Colo Fuel <fc Ire a.. 525 Rock Inland BS
Preferred... - fcO jßomeWatAOeden.ll7%
Cotton Oil Cert.... 12%StL&S\v.; 4V*
Commercial Cable. ltfO , Preferred liy±
Del Hudson 107% St Paul 70y 8
Del Lack&Westra 1531/3! Preferred i3U/i ■
Denver i X G IIV 4. St Paul & Duluth.. 20
Preferred 4« Preferred
Distillers -^— St Paul <ft Omaha.. 60%
General Electric... 34% Preferred 133
Krie 14^8 St P- M * M lia
Preferred 34 Silver Certificates. 65
Fort Wayne.. ...166 Southern Pacific. ]4Vi
Great Northern ofdll9 Southern KB 9V*
(ireen Bay. ' 1 Preierred 28^4
Harlem 292 Kurt Kerlnery....l3 7Vi
Hocklue Coal- »*4 Preferred ....103
! Hocking Valley... Term Coal Iron.. 29%
Hompstake . .36 | Preferred 80
H & Texas Central I Texas Pacific 9Vs
Illinois Central.... 98% Tol A A & N Mich.
lowa Central 7 10l Ohio & Central 20
Preferred 25 I Preferred 60
Kansas & Texas... 13V,|Tol bi Louis <fc X C &14 '
Preferred 303/ 8 | Preferred 16
Kingston A Venn.. >3 Union Pacific 7i/s
Lake Erie <fc Westn 16 /t, U P Den A Gulf. ... 2
Preferred «a If S Cordnje — —
Lake Hnoro 152 Preferred
National l.cud 2.i 8 4 Guaranteed
Preferred • t>9Va I' S Exort-ss 38
Long Island 48 !U « Leather. 9
Louisville A Nash. 61 j Preferred 61%
Loulsvilie.M Aiony V*\V 8 Kubber 24y 8
Preferred........ IV4 Preferred 74V*
' Manhattan C0n.... 9i.Vß;''ilca A i! Hiver.,.l6o
Memphis & Charts 15 W«lj -I. A Pacific. 6
Mexican Central... hf^i Preferred.'. 16
Michigan Central.. 88 Wells-Fareo. 9s»
illiiri.t^L Western Union 84Vs
Preferred — Wls( onsin Central. 'I
Inn ASt L com.. 18% Wheeling <tLK... 2Vs
Ist preferred 8 ; Preferred 10
2doreferred 47 Am C»iton Oil pM. 64%
Missouri Pacific... 22% W U Beef 6Va
Mobile & Ohio 21 .Ann Arbor 9 1 /*
Nashville A Lhatt. b?Va' Preferred 24
National Linseed.. 13 I Brooklyn Traction. 18%
NJ Central 89 V2 Erie 2d ptd. 19
Norfolk A Westra. 11 V« American Spirits- . 13%
Preferred 16% Preferred 30y 8
CLOBINO J'ONDS.
Ala Class A 4^....102 Northern racists. 114%
Do Class B 4, 102 Do 2(1 •
Alabama, class C. 9« 1 Do 3ds. 79
Atchison 4s 811/il Do consol 5s 6">Vi
Do 2ds A 47 Or lmprovmni Ist. 83
Canada sou 1 2<ls. 106 Do 5s 18%
Ceu I'ac of' 96. R it N lsts. 111%
Cherokee 4s. 1896.104 Do consol 5s — —
Do 1597 104 Or Short Line 65.. .114
IJOIB9H 104 DoconsolSs 6814
Do 1899 104 Pacific 65 0f '97....
Ches<t Ohio 65.... 101* 1 In :n A Reading 4s 81
Ch<tN PTr Bets 5s 41 I Do Ist pfd incom. 46 V
DC 3-665. 109W R Grande West lsts 72%
Den till) Ist 1113,- ' Si LAlron JllGenSs 7H
Do 4s tiniest L<fc sFGen t35..1098/i
Erl« 2ds 88Vfl8« Paul Consols.... 130
FtW&DenClty lsts 64VS|St I' C & Pa ls:s ..116
UII* 8 a 65...... 104 So Carolina 4V-H. .. 10-% I
Do 2d 7s. 96 Southern X X us... 80
Gen Klec DebSs... 9b Do Pac Cal lsts..l 1 1
H &, Tex Cent .100% Term new 3s 77%
Do con 101 (Texas Pac Ist* 68
lowa Central lsts.. 97 Texas I'hi: 2d* 211/4
Kansas Pa consols 77 Union Pac lsts 96.104
Xl Pa Den Divl 16 Us 4s reg of 1925.
La Coußol 4s. 96 I Do 4s, coupon 123
Missouri funding... if 8 4s reg of 1907. 111%
MX T 2ds. 62 Do4s. coupon ..11:" 4 .
Do4s 84 Do 2s 96 ' I
Mobile* Ohio 45.. 67% Do ss. Reg 1138/ g
-Mutual Union 65. .110 Do 6s. coupon 114%
N J Cent Gon ..lltiVg V'a funding duot... b'.'Vs
N V C it Si. Louis 4810 ft Do registered
Nor<fc West 65117 Do deferred 65... 6
X Carolina con 100 Do trust rcptatpd 5
Do 6s 122 Wabash Ist 5a 106%
Northwest Consols. 141 _• Weal onuru 4a.....106%
l;uc«o 6s 110%
FOREIGN JHAKKKTS.
wheat in LIVERPOOL.
LIVERPOOL, Kno., Jan. 26.— spot market
la lower at 7s@7s 2d. Cargoes are easier at 355.
FUTURES.
The Produce Fxchange cable gives the following
Liverpool quotations \ot No. 2 Ked Winter: Jan
nary, 6s 7d: February. 63 7 1 4td; Matcn,6sßd:
May, bs BVid: June, 6s 6%d.
SECCRITIKS.
LONDON, Eno.. Jan. £6.— Consols, 112 6-16: sil
ver, 29 IS-16d; French Rentes, 102f 6isi^a
EXCHANGE A-M> BULLION.
Sterling KTchar.ge, 60 days. — f4Bsi/ 4
Sterling Exchange, sight — 48bV*
Sterling Cables I — 4(i*>» /4
New York change, sight. — 17i/3
New ork Exchange, telegraphic. — 20
Fine silver, per ounce — 65
Mexican Dollars 63 62Va
PKODUCE MAfiKET.
WHEAT AND <M H1..; GRAINS.
WHEAT FREIGHTS— Are rathar steadier. a
charter having been drawn at 17s lid. The
chartered when fleet hi port has a registered
tonnage of 27.000 against 61,000 tons on i he same
date last year: disengaged, 93,000 ions against
62,000; on tua way to this port, 170,000 tons
against 2.1,740.
WHEAT-! he Acrtic Stream takes for East Lon
don 52.801 ctls, valued at «87.000
.A. slump at •Chicago depressed this market.
Futures *nd spot prices were b«ih lower The
shiDpers hold off and business Is slow. Quoted »t
$1 i>s@l 45 %* ctl for common grades, £1 48 ,4<S
1 00 lor average No. 1, $1 61i4@l &--V2 'or choice
aim $1 65@1 60 ?* ctl for extra choice milling.
CALL HOARD BALES.
Informal Session— 9:3 6 o'clock— May— 2ooo
ctls, $1 49%: 16,000, $1 *9" : '_'•;. 000. $1 «9y 3 .
Dccemter-2000, $1 24%; 2^oo. ftl 243/ .
s^vconii skrkion— December— 2ooo ctls, $124*4:
2000, SI 241/8: 2000, S. 24; 4000, »1 23V 9 ;
12 000, $1 28%; 2000, $1 2.6,8. Slay - 4000,
$1 48%; 14,00u. SI 4>)6/i: 32,000, 91 4H» .
Regular aoßam ••-kssion— Dec moer— 2000
cils, *l 23; bOOO. $1 22%: 2000, 81 2.11,4: 2000,
*1 22y«: XOOO. $1 2iy a : 10,000, »1 22. May—
34.00 J. SI 47%; -.000, 3 48: 2l'oo, $1 47^:
»000. *1 47Vi: *000. SI 47; 8000. SI 47i /8 ; 60tO,
81 475/ ; 3000,$! 476/ 8 ; 22,000. *1 473/ 4 .
afternoon session — December— 2ooo ctls,
$1 2-: 4000. SI 221/81 400", $1 -2V*. May—
4000, $1 47%; 10,000, SI 47i/a: 56.000. SI 473/ g ;
10,000, *1 47*4; 16.000 (off call). SI 47%.
BARLEY— Tne market li lower and dull. We
quote Feed, 77y @80c; choice bright, U2y a c; Brew
ing, 87i/,@»sr; l\o. 1 Chevalier $1 10@l 20 * ctL
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal s>ssion— 9:ls o'clock— No sales.
Second session— No bales.
1; Kori.Aß Wobnino session— May— 2ooo ctls,
81c.
afternoon Session— No sales.
OATs - Dea ers report a stagnant market.
Fancy Feed are quotable at «1 4 5 V. ctl: Com
mon to good While, $1 lOfc&l 35 $ ctl, according
to quality. lil«clt for feed, 95c(jjS 1 10; for seed,
SI 2l'@l 80; Gray, comma.; lied, *1 07y a !fl.l 12 ',.•.•; i
surprise. $1 6l>@i 60 $ ctl.
Co UN— tact thai the market is demoralized
and neglected does not check receipts, which are
still heavy. Large Ye. low. 7.v,i,, 7■ a r f ctl; bmall
Hound do, 90@92y a c; White, ?s@Boc f (\ ctl.
KYK— continues slow at 90<a9i>c %i ctL
BUCKWHEAt-Quoted at Si 16@1 23 $ ctl.
FLOUR A>'l> MIIXSTUFFS.
The general tendency of all goods under this
bead is toward weaker prices, owing to the depres
sion In the raw products
iXOTJß— Net cash prices are as follows: Family
extras. $o@s 10; Bakers' extras. $4 90@5; Super
fine. $4 io@4 60- V obi.
tOKNMKAL, ETC.- Feed Corn, $17 60@18;
Cracked Corn, $18 50319 $ ton.
MILLBTUFFS— Prices in sacks are as follows,
iimi I discount to the trade: Graham Flour, $2 85
* 100 lbs; Hye Hour, $2 78 $ 100 lbs: Rice Flour,
*£> 76: Cornmeal. $2 35: extia cream do, $3;
Oatmeal, $3 60; Oat. Groats. $4; Hominy, $3 10
■8 30: Buckwheat Flour, $3 20@3 oO: Cracked
Wheat, *3 50; Farina, $4; Whole Wheat Flour.
$3: Rolled Oats (bbU), $5 IO@.» 90: Pearl Barley.
S3 75®4; Split Peas, $3 50; oreen do, $4 25 ft
100 lbs. _^
HAY ANO FKEDSTUFFS.
Prices keep uniform and fluctuations are few.
BRAN— sU(cil3 for the best and $12 1 ton
for outside brands.
MIDDLINGS— SIB(3I9 for lower . grades and
920@20 50 $ ton for the best.
FIiEDSTUFFS — Boiled Barley, $18@18 bO;
Oilcake Meal at the mm, (26 50 in ton; jobbing.
$27 60: clipped his. $1 3u<s»l 60 $ ctl.
HAY— Wheat, *t>@ll: Wheat, and Oat, 97®
10: Oat, $«s@»: Barley. 87@8 50; River Baney,
$5@6 50: Alfalfa, S(J@7 b\j; compressed, $6@
9 50; stock, f&@6: CU.ver, ?15@8 >» ton.
STRAW— 3O&pI>C ■$ bale.
BEAKS AND SEEDS.
Beans are
neglected.
Beans are very dull. Mustard Seed is absolutely
neglected. ■
BEANS— Bayos, $1 40@l 56 ctl: Small
Whites, $1 15«61 25* ctl: Large Whites, 15 t*
ctl; Pinks, SI OB@l 20: Reds, *1 10@l 20: Black
eye, $1 l'J@l 15; Bed Kidney, $2 50: Llm&g, $1 60
01 70. Butters, $1 25©i 50; Pea, »i 10@l 30.
isEEDij- Brown Mustard, $2 6002 75; . Yellow
Mustard, SI 75(*2 V ctl: Flax, $1 3&@l 40- Canary
Seed, 13/4(^l/40 5, ft; Alfalta, 61,4 c; Rape. 2y 8 @
';« 4 c. Hemp, do; Timothy. 4V3C
URIKI> PKAS— NUt-s, tlimi. 20* ctl; Green,
*1 40@l 50 %» ctl. • '
POTATOtS, tXION», VEGETABLES.
Potatoes and Onions show still better prices and
are firm at the advance.
POTATOES— New Potatoes, 2©3%c^ ID: Sweet
Potatoes, $1 2Kai 60: Early Rose, 70@86c: River
Kevls.6s©7sc; Burbanlc be«dlinirs.6o@7sc -& ctl for
Rivers and 75c@81 10 for Salinas; Oregon Bur
banks. 9Uc@»l U.
ONIONS-«X 25@1 65 ctl: Oregons, *1 60®
VEGETABLES— Hothouse Cucumbers. 60c@$l
$ doz: Hothouse Asparagus. 10@25c » Jb: Rhu
barb, 92 * box; Los Angeles summer Bquash,
60c@$l tr box; Los Angeles Green Peppers. 2B@
50c: «. ushrooms. 10@20c '?■ 1b; Marrowfat Squash,
f 5@3 $ ton; Los Angeles Tomatoes, *3@l 25 %<
box; L-ried Peppers, 7@Bc V Ib; Green Peas, 3@sc
* lb; Los Anuelts String beans. 8»10c: Dried
Okra,B@!»c ■»! ft,; Labbnge, 40@50c « ctl; Carrots,
25®30c 9 sick: Garlic, l%@sc i) Ib.
BCTTKK, CHLKSK AND KGGS
BVTTEr— Is do lower, but weak. Dairy descrip
tions are especially depressed.
Cbkamery— Fancy near-by Creameries. 20®
21c; some specials bring more; seconds. 18@19c:
fancy UumboKU, 22@23c $ ft.
Dairy— Fancy, 15@16c: good to choice, 13®
14c: lower grades, >lo@l2c %) tt>.
Pickled— l3@l 4c lb.
Firkin— 13®14c %* ft..
Ckkamehy Tub— lti<a;lßc? Jb. ■ . -, ...
OUKKSK-Is weak at the decline. Choice mild
new, 10@10y 2 c: common to good old. &*9c; Cream
Cheddar, Il@l2c; Youni? America, lie; Western,
11@12i:: Kastern, 13®14i/ c. , _, .
EGGS— The marketcomlnues to weaken. Stocks
arc liberal. Ranch Eggs, H@2oc: store Eggs, liJ
@17% c; Eastern, 15c v l , doz.
POULTRY AND GAME.
POULTRY -The market Is kept depressed by
the continuous arrivals from the East and the ten
dency In Hens and Roosters is toward lower
prices. Turkeys are steady. Young Pigeons are
scarce and higher. . , "
Live Turneys, 12@13c %* 1b for Gobblers. 12©
13c 1* lb for Hens; Dressed Turkeys. 14(#16c * «x
Geese. %« pair, $1 r>u@; 75: Ducks, $5(»6 50 «* doz;
Hens, $3 tO@4 60: Roosters, younn- 540.5 <loz:
do, old, $3 i>o@4: Fryers, *4@4 50: Broilers, $3 50
<B)4 25 for large and $2 50@3 25 for small; Pigeoua,
»'/(&'* 50 %4 doz tor young and $ 1 tor old.
GAMK— Is dull. English .-«nlpe quotable nt ?»?
doz: Jack Snipe, $1 60 %» do*en: Hare, 75c@*l;
Rabbits, $1 60 for Cottontails and $I@l 25 for
small: Gray Geese, $2 50; White Geese, $1; Brant,
$1 50; Honkers, $4.
DECII>UOL"S AND CITRUB FRUITS.
Fine California Apples are firm at the improved
prices. Pears and Persimmons are dull.
DKCIDUOUti FRUITS—
Apples, 90. ©*•> %i box lor choice, $1 25@1 50 for
fancy »ed, M)(s,7sc tor common; Eastern, $1 60
(o,;-i ■$ l<ul. ■ " ■••--'vtY' :v ::
Pears, 25®30c ■#. box.
Persl 11 mona. 3&@6sc^box.
BEKKIKS—
Extern Cranberries, f 6@7 60 V *>bl.
CITKI'S FRUITS— Limes are scarce and firm.
Granites and Lemons are in amplesupply an i dull.
Mandarin Oranges. 85c@^l V box; Navel oranges.
*2@2 50; Seedlings, . *I@l V box: Lemons.
75c@?l 50 for common and HS2@'2 50 tor good to
choice; Mexican Limes —; California Limes,
$1 50@l 76; Bananas, $I@3 3» bunch; Pineapples,
?2@llMoz.
DRIED FRUITS, KAISINS, NUTS, ETC.
The expected revival has not occurred and trade
is still at a standstill. Evaporated Apples and
IVacues alone show some In*.
DRIED FRUITS—
Quotatlons on the Fruit Exchange are nominally
as follows :
carload Lots— Apricots are quotable at 6@9c
for noyal.i and 11%@12c for choice to fancy
Moorrurks: Prunes, 3 1 -.c for the 4 sizes Peaches,
4(a,f> V3C for prime to choice, 6Va<s7c for fancy and
9(gj!lic for peeled in boxes; apples. 6@sVs3 for
evaporated . anil •_'©•.' V 2 c for «un-aned; rears, 2y a
@5c tor prime to choice, 4@sy a c for quarters ana
ti@6V" c for halves; Plums, 4c for pitied and l%e
for unfitted ; .Nectarines, 3y 3 @4^c for choice and
&i /2 c tor fancy; W.iite Figs, 3c; Black Figs, 2Vi
6t2Va c -
Jobbino Pricks— Peaches, 4Vi@sV4c %* Ib:
fancy, 6y«d&7%c "$ Ib; peeled. 12% cf* Ib. Apri
cots, 6V"(g»9c «* Ib: laocy, 10c: iloorparks. i*@
13c; evaporated Apples, 5%c; sun-dried, 2 3 /i@3c;
Prunes, 3%@4c for the 4 sizes: Figs, black, 3c for
impressed ana 3@3%c for pressed: while ±"Us. 4c:
Plums, 4 1 /2<»sc for pitted and l%c for unpitted:
Nectarines, 4<fi6c %i tb for prime to fancy; Pears,
•ji..,:n.V for wnole. 4y a @s%c or quarters and
4: .na.ii' .>c for halves.
KAISIXS-
Carload Prices — Four- crown, loose, 6*/gc;
three-crown, 43/gc ? Ib; two-crown, 3-YsC '<* **>■
seedless sullauai, . r > J /2<": seedless Muscaieli. 43/ c;
three-crown London layers, $1 16: clusters, SI 60;
Dehesa clusters, $2 £0; Imperial cluster*, $3;
dried rapes. 3c j* tt>.
Jobbing Prices— Francisco— Four-crown, |
loose, S'^^c; 3-crown, ■i ,4c: 2-crown, .33 /4 c: seed- 1
less Sultanas, 5%c: seniess Muscateis, 4%c;
3-crown London tavern, $1 25: clusters, 9180;
lirii'Mt clusters, 82 75: imperial clusters, S3 26.
NUTS— Chestnuts quotable at 8@10c: Walnuts,
6y 2 rs7c «* Ib for standard and 9(ix9V2 c * tb for
BOitshell; Almonds, ti^iiVic for Langut-duc, 3@
3 Vie for hardshell and S39e * tb for paper-shell;
P.-aiiiits, 4 (ft 6c %l tb for t astern ana 4c for Cali
fornia: Hickory .Nil's. 6@oc F Ib; Pecans 7Ui@
be V lb; Filberts, 7 1/2(5 «c; Brazil Nuts, 7y @Be:
Co 11 in?, *4©5 ?» 100. . . '
lIo.VKY- tomb. 10(g,l'2i / for bright and 6@9c
for lower crudes; waier-whlte extracted. s(£f>ViiC;
light amber extracted 4%@434c; dark "■"""■
4&4 l/ * ! c: dark, 2<a3c %* Ib.
BtEBWAX-^2(gi'.'Bc «t lb.
PKOVISIONS.
No change in any description, though a disposi
tion to advance Baron la observable.
HIRED MEATS— Bacon, 6c fl Ib for heavy, 7c
* tb for light medium, 91 2 c for light, 10c fl Ib for
extra light and 11 Vz 1 ' f* Ib for sugar-curad.' Kast
ern sugar-cured linns, 12@12%c: California
Hums, HitjjilOVic:: Mm Beet, $7(<s7 60: extra
mess do, #B^.B &0: family do, $9 d0®10; extra
prime Pork. *7 50 fdi 8: extra clear. $ltf t» bbl;
ujess. $14 ft bbl: Smoked Beef. 10c 9 tb.
LARD- Eastern, tierce*, is quoted at oi/^c for
compound and 6@6 ] /aC for pure: palls, 7c: Calil
fornU tierces, 6@5%c i* ib for compound and 6 1 4 C
for pure: half-bbls, ti » i c ; 10-lb tins, 7Vic; do, 6-tb,
71/2 Cm tb.
CuTI'uLENE-6®6i,4cin tierces and7S/i®BJ/ 8 c
in 10-lb tins. _^
HIDES, TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS.
HIDES AND SKINS— Are still dull and un
changed. Culls and brands sell lc ? tb under
sound stock. Heavy salted steers quotable at 8c:
medium. 7c * Ib: licbt, 6c $ lb; Cowhides, 6c
sailed Kip. 60 %i Ib: salted Calf 7®»c: sailed
Veal, 6@7c: dry Hides. iz@l3c V It : culls and
brands, 9@10i;: dry Kip and \'eal,9©ioc: dry Calf,
15c; culls, 10c; Goatskins,: 20<j$35c each: Kids,
6c; Deerskins, good summer, 26c 5* Ib: medium,
•JOe; winter, 10c; fer/eeosklns, shearlings, 10@20c
each; short wool. 'Jsfg,3sc each; medium, 30@16c
each; lone wools, 40@60c each.
lALLOW— No. 1, rendered, 3@3yiC; No. 2, 2Vssc:
renti(>d, sc: Urease, 2c 9 Ib.
WOOL— The market Is not active, but there is
stilt a demand on local scouring account. A pri
vate ci cular says: ••The week's market has bern
more active and sales were large, chiefly scouring
stock, mostly of the lower grades of plains Wool.
The stock of Spring Wool in first bands I < ligh,
and comprises chiefly northern held ai outside
figures, Ihe market Is yet well supplied with
both plains and mountain Fall, as well as large
lines of scoured Wool, but we loo,c for considerable
business in these Wools wi;hiu 30 days. The re
ports from Boston are very ifactory, as they In
dicate an Inclination on th» part of both dealers
and manutaciurt-rs to Heal liberally, believing that
prices are very low and that the next few montis
must improve values." We quote Fall Wool: tree
northern, 7@B%c: middle counties, free, sVo@7c:
do. defective, 4V2®t>c: San Joaquin, 3@6f; do.
foothill, s@7c: i-.astern Oregon, 7 y 2 @9c: Valley
Oregon, fall and lambs', 10@llc It tb
HOPS— 6sioc fur lair to choice and 9®loc & Ib
for fan' y. Buyers and sellers continue apart and
trade is dull.
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
BAGS-Calcutta Grain Basts, spot, 4%c; Jane- '
July delivery. 4%c: San Quenlin, $4 65; Wool
Bass, 24Vj@'- > 61/jC.
COAL-Welllugton, $4 Tfr ton: New Wellinijtoa,
fß* ton: Sonthfleld Wellington, $7 60 9 ton;
beattle, )?5 50. Bryant, *5.60: Coos Bay. $4 75;
\Vallsend,s6 60; scotch. ; Brymbo. ; Cum
berland. $13 .>n in built and $15 lv sacks: Penn
sylvania, Anthracite K<jt, *11@12 : 5* ton; Welsh
anthracite. $S@10: Cannel. $8 * ton; Rock
Spring*, Castle Gate and Pleasant Valley, (7 60;
Coke, *11@12 in balk and *13 $ ton in sits.
CA.NJiEu FRUlTS— Cherries, black or red,
2y 2 -lb, exira, $2 * doz; White Cherries 2 -tt>
extra, $J 60: 2%-It> standards, $2 10; Peaches-
Yellow, free, 61 10@l 50: Apricots— 9oc@sl 05:
Raspberries, $1 75; berries, $1 75.
CAMMED VEOKTABLH>— Tomatoes. 70c i»
dozen, 2y a -Ib tins. Peas-*l@l 25 f* dozen.
iKFi.r. — We quote: .
iosia i:ica— 19%@20%c num. for good 10
prime; @19c nom. for good mixed wltn black
beans: i'c nom. for fair; 12@15Vac nom. lor
common to ordinary.
hAiVADOR- lS@l9cfor good to prime washed;
17Vi@17iJ4cfor lair washed; ie®2Uc tor good to
prime washed peaberry; 17y a @17%c for superior
unwashed: 17c for go d unwashed; 18%@19c for
good to prime unwashed peaberry.
Guatemala and A.kxicaN-21@21%c It) for
prime 10 siric.ly prime wa.hed new crop: 20%
@20S4c forgo. d to » rictly good washed new crop;
19y@ Oc %» Ib for fair washed new crop;
18i/»|(ajl9c for good washed old crop; 16@18V4C
lor fair washed old crop; 13@150.f0r medium
old crop: ll@l3c $ to for ordinary old crop] 8$
108,4 c tor inferior to common old crop; 19y @20%c
for food to prime washed peaberry Old crop;
18V2@19c for good to prime unwashed peaberry
old cron.
FlSH— Pacific Cod. catch of 1896, 100 Ib cases.
4i/ 4 c *: Ib 50- Ib bundles, 3%c; Bonele-is, 51/4 C;
Midiiles. 6!Jic; Blocks. be; Destcca ed, 80- ttdOS]
Pacific Herrinir 15c i» box: Dutch do, 9Uc®sl 10
ft keg: Wuitefisn, SI 50 in hnlf-bbls and $1 15 in
kits; Tongues and Sounds, $12: -Mackerel, bbls—
No. 1. $20: No. 2, $18 50: No. 3, $17: half-bbls-
No. 1, $9@9 50. No. ii. $8 60@9: No. 3, $8 50:
kits -No. 1. $1 50: No. 2, $1 25; No. 3, $1.
QUICKSILVER— Quoted for export at $84®
36 50 $ flask.
OlL— t-aliforula Castor Oil, cases. No. 1, 95c;
bbls. 90c $ gal (manufacturers' rates); Linseed
Oil, in bols. boiled, 38c; do raw, 36c; cases, 3c
more; Lard Oil, extra winter strained, bbls, 65c;
No. 1, 45c; cases, 5c higher: China Nut, 45©62 c
V gallon. ...-■■
PETROLKUM,OASOLINE,ETC.-The Standard
Oil Co.'s price list is as follow*: Water-white Coal
Oil, In bulk, lie: Pearl Ml, in cases. 17c; Astral do,
17c: Star, do, 17c; Kxtra star Oil, in cases, 21c:
Elaine, do. 22c: Eocene, do. 19c; Deodorized Stove
Gasoline, In bulk, liy c; do, in cases, 17c. 63°
Deodorized Naphtha, in bulk, 10% c: 63" do. In
cases, 151/oC: Bt>° Gasoline, in bulk. 20c; 86° do. in
cases. 25c f gal. .
WHITE LUU -Quoted at 6Vi@SV2C "$ o>.
KKD LEAD-Quotableat SVi(gJJV a * *•
TURPENTINE— In cases, 41c; in Iron barrels,
39c; in wooden barrels -tic V &>.
CANDLES— Electric Light— 6's, 16 oz. 7c; do. 14
oz. 6Vac; do, 12 oz, 6c: do, (hotel) 6s, 10 oz, 6%c:
do (hotel) 1V!8. 12 oz, 40s, 6%c. Granite (mining)
6's, 16 oz, BV a c; do. 14 oz, 73/ 4 c; do, 12
oz, 7c; do, 10 oz, 6Vic V to: Panitliue Wax Can
dles—ls, 2s, 4s, 6s, 128; white, BVic; colored, 91/4 C.
LEATHER— Harness, heavy, Is quotable at
3 '@35c %» Ib; do medium, 28c: do llgnt, 24@:6c:
Rough Lea her, 19@21c: Kips, $40@>46 '?■ per doz;
Calf. 70®90c: ltoucb splits, 8(&9o; Belt-Knife
Splits. 12(fil4c:' Collar Leather, black, 11 %@l 3c
¥ toot; do, russet, ll%013c: Skirting Leather,
32y 2 @35c ~H Ib. ■• w ■■•■■-■;■
SIOAR- The Western Sucar Refining Company
quotes, terms net cash: Cube and Crushed, 5%c:
Powdere.l, oc: | Fine crushed, 5%c; :- Dry Granu
lated, 4*/gc: Confectioners' A, 4Jy»c: Magnolia 1 A,
4c; K.\tr» C, tfy c: Golden C,;3%c; half barrels
y*c more than barrels, and boxe« %<5 more.
SAM FRANCISCO MKAT MAKKKT.
, Hogs are lower. Beef is also easier. '-:. No Spring
Lamb on the market at the moment. Other de«
•crlptlons unchanged. | Wholesale rates for dressed I
stock from slaughterers axe as follows:
BKKF— First quality, 6%c; second, s@6c; third
do. 4@sc * lb. - -
VEAL— Large, 6@7c; small, 7@Bc Ib.
MUT lON— Wethers, 6%@7c: Ewes, 6@6%c
ft Ib.
LAM R— Spring, — -; yearlings, 7@Bc f> Ib.
POKK— Live Hogs, 3c f» Ib for lance and SVic
for small and medium; dressed do, 4(g;sc 9 lb.
•WOOD, LUMBER, ETC.
Posts, 9@loc each for No. 1 and 6i^@Bc for No.
2: hedwood, $6 ~& cord; Oak, rough, $3 50; peeled,
*9; Pine. $5 75
TANBAP.K— SI4 per cord.
' lil'MuKK- Kates are nominal.
BECEIPTj OF PKODtTCK.
FOR 24 HOURS.
Flour, qrsks... 7.133 Hay. ions....^. 203
Oregon 27,17 amwr. cus...^. 104
W heau ciln.._ .. 2,140 Cheese, civ..,, — 52
Barley, ctls 4,616 Kct«, doi tm 4 770
Beans, slcs „ 1, 96 J Hides, no 304
Corn, ctlt 2,095 ] I'elt-j. bd Is 27
Kastern 8001 VV In e. gals 8S 700
Potatoes, it.*,... 3.11 1 Brandy, ga15.. ... 2,400
Oregon 2,888 ' «ngar. bb15....». 1 »89
Onions. s>cs 321 1 Leather, r0115.... 31
Oregon V7Pi Tallow, ctls. ... 22
Bran. «** 3.212] Qulclcsllver, flsKi 12
Oregon 1,5201 Wool, Dls 403
■Middling* sc* 690 1 Raisins, boxes.. 1,-00
THE STOCK MAEKET-
Mining stocks were weaker yesterday morning,
the whole line shading off under active sales on
the noon informal session.
The Best and Belcher Mining Company has
levied an assessment of 26 cents per share.
At the annual meeting of the Belcher Mining Com
pany yesterday the old management was re-elected
by a unanimous vote of 64,800 shares. The direct
ors are James New ands, W.O. Morrow, George D.
Kdwards, J. P. Martin and James Newiands Jr.
James Newiands was chosen president, W. G. Mor
row vice-president, C. B. Perklnsjsecretary and W.
E. Sharon superintendent. ■ ■ ' '
The annual meeting of the Ontario Mining Com
pany has been called for February 3.
The annual meeting oftbeWutt Blue Gravel
Mining Company, has been called for February 15.
The annual meeting of the san Francisco and
Ban Joaquln Coal Company has been called for
February 9. . . *
The Pacific Surety Company has re-elected its
principal officer* for 1897 as follows: Wallace Ev
erson, president: John Birmingham, vice-presi
dent, and A. P. Redding, secretary.
During the year just gone th« Mercur mine
kandltd 63.430 tons of dry ore and paid dividends
in the sum of $225,000. The management's re
port showed that ore had been extracted at a cost
of $1 92 tier ton, while the cost of milling was i
86 1 ents per ton The output for the year showed
an average valuation of 12 33 per ton, which
netted a good profit.
The Ontario Mining Company has declared a
dividend of 10c Der share, ptyable January 30.
rI he Homesiake dividend of 25c 1 er share was
paid on the 25th .^mmaiEMi
Tbe firs; dividend of 6c per share by the Santa
Kosalia Mining Company was p»id yesterday.
Copper dividends (o the amount of $2,000,000
will be pail In Feoruarv as follows: Boston and
Montana, $1' 0.000; Calumet and liecla, 9500,000
regu.arand 000,100 extra, and Osceola $50,000.
A«f>«i>Binenta rending.
Following ls» list of assessment!! no* i»iiinr.
Deltnqt
Com pa nt- No. Ami. lniba Sal* Day.
Hoard.
Hale A -Norcoss , UO 26;. Jan 8,.Keb T
(.on. Cat. & Va 7 26;. Jan t>\ Feb 4
Crown Point 69 10;. Jan b . t'eb S
Gould <fc Curry. HU lfij.Jan 14 .Feb 9
Alta 64 05;. Jan 14 Feb 8
Savage 91. 2u! Jan 24 Feb 15
Utan 2«i l>6 .*cb 14i Men H
Bullion 4V 10 Feb l4|.Mrh 11
Silver Klnf 18 v5.*'eb l&I.Mrh 29
Eureka 1* 26. Feb lh. Men 15
Julia 2b 06.Feb21.Mch 1m
Best & Belcher j 25 Feb 26 .Men, ...
lUA. .»._.£;s.
Following were the sales in tbe San Francisco
Mock 10.11 yesterday: .-'•'.'
itHUTI.AK VORNIKfI SESSION.. COMMENCING 6:80.
-00 AlPt<»...~l2|loo < noir... 1.00,300 0vrmn....14
300 Andes 18^00 CC&V...2.25 100 .-ava<e...4tl
100 8*1cner....3. ;600 U <fc C V. 160 Union C...44
100 i;&li 7 1 100 ....„ 51160 ........ 45
400 6K250 Alex 61 100 Utan_....o6
300 8u11i0n....07 luOOccdt 26<i60 i J»C*i..33
10J Cliallse. ..4bisSo Upnir...1.21l
AfTKRNOON SESSION*—2:3O.
200 Alta 08 200Cbllnice...6S'IOOOccldU....22
300 Andes...-17 300 CC<&V...2.15 400 21
400 ~.lt .00 2.20 30) Potost 68
400 Belcher ...36 60 Con .. .1.21 400 66
450 BAB 6< 10> C P01nt_..34400 Ravage ....48
200 63 .00 36:/.00 Beg 8e1.... 11
300 Benton ...17 u&C „60 100 Uni0n.. ..43
100 ctiuir 04 .'OJ Mexcn.... 49J1UU * J>oice(..3s
400 „.._ 91 SOO 0ph1r...1.151200 36
Following were the sales In the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday:
■ BEOUI.AR session—lo:3o.
Son A!r.na ]2 400 Confl... 1.16 600 Occd 36
100 Alt* 08 40 1.10 40J i*otos! 61
200 Andes.... 19 500 U Imp Hi 700 bava«e....47
600 8e1CA«r...»4 400 ....02 440 49
500 Bt fl 71500 Excnqr...*us 200 60
400 70 300 U*U 5i iOO Bcorp»on..o3
»00 69 200 ft £00 &8AM.....11
800 Knlllon»..06700 ......61 .'o'Jb.Nev 60
200 eda.... 11 800 61 1800 51
400 in»liice...49 160 HAN...1.2. ion .....52
20> choir ...99200 Jostle*....Of .000 H111..0 1
400 9H1.00 Kentck..^o; 50 sidw.... \B/ 8
400 CC&V...2.36 150 Mexican..o: 10J Cmou >
300 2.32% 7t>J Ophlr... l.il 300 44
1900 2.3 i, M3O 1.22% 200 Uian 05
1000 . . .2.27% 630 .1.20 400 V **** 34
900 2.26 -'00 Occd 24 700 33
BOi) CrwnPt..33
AKTERNOON SESSION'—2:3O.
200 AlOha..~.H 800 CC*V...2.20 300 Occldtl.... 24
100 .... IS7-0 2.17W.500 22
600 Andes....l 7 100 2.16200 21
100 8e1cbM...34 600 C0nd...1.U 100 0vrma....14
8!)0 36100 1.20 500 16
900 3t 100 .......1.22% 60) P0UM1.....58
1900 ....37 30 C Point... tOO ...........67
*0J JBd a- 64100 Exchc.r...o& jO i Ravage.. .47
300 Bulllou._.<J6 500 U &C 49 200 Scorpion.
400 taleda.. ..11 300 ...51 700 bB&ll...ll
200 Cha1Ue...6»900 8AM...1.21 30J tsNev 60
600 66 JOO Justice...osUOOo 8H1H....01
400 66 tOO Kemuck..O4 60 5tnrd...1.65
300 Ch011ar....96 00 Mexican ..61 800 Unf0n....44
7uO 91700 .....60 iOJ U*Ab....-04
1000 C Imp ..01J60J 0uh1r....1.16 900 V JUKI ....34
1000 100 1.3u 400 36
*.i.OblNu QUOTATIONS.
TUESDAY, Jan. 26 - p. M.
. j-itt. A «*»"/*.! I £i<LA*ic**.
Aipnunim li la j«u ~- - c 7
Alia 07 08 Justice. 06 06
Andes. « 17 18 Kent nek....... — 05
Heicher 3ts 37 Lady Wasn,... . — 12
Best &. Belotier 63 64 Mexican....... 48 49
UentonUon.... 17 — Nevada Qne«a, — 14
Bullion - 05 07 Occidental..... 21 22
Caledonia...... 11 14 uptalr 1.10 1.16
Chollar 90 92 Overman...... 14 16
Con. CalAVa... 2.15 2.20 rotosl. «■ 65 66
C 'baiieiico Coo. 54 65ibavage. ...... 48 49
on. Imperial. 01 Vi Scorpion..,.^ OS 06
Confidence.... 1.15 1.25 seg. Belcher... 10 . 11
Con New York — 03 silver Hill 01 IS
Crown Point... 34 36 sierra Neva 4*. 48 60
KastUterraMaT — U standard 1.66 —
J--urfk» Con ... — »0 Syndicate. -.— 02 04
bxeneauer .... 04 06 L'cloucou 43 45
uoulutfc Curry. 49 ' 60 U1an........... 04 06
ik Queers. 1.15 1.20 VeUuw j»c**4. 35 156
Jackson - 40
bi-OCiv ASu BONO KXCHANGB.
TUESDAY. Jan 26 -2 p. Jf.
r^lT»l> status BOJVIM.
'■ V' • j in. iKta. ' -Bid. J.ikett
CB4sconD.ni — C S4sreg...lO» 110y»
Do new issuel'2l —
MIHOKiLANItOrH »ovii
Cal-StCbless.Uo% — Oak Gas 55.. — 104
Cal Eleo L 65128 — Do 2a Is 6a... 108 109
cntraCWss e'iy 3 85 Omnibus Bs.. 1 20% —
Dpot-stex-cp — 97%P&ORyB*. - 113
fcdsn LAP B*l2B 130 PiCh Ry 6s. 100 103
F&CHRR6sIOS - i(J6S/i Pwl-st RR6sll6 11:0
Gearv-st KSsIOO — Keuo, WUL — lOi
Hl\bsVki. 103 — ISactoPAL. — 100
LosAngL6s - 100 SF&NPRS*. 99% 99%
DoGnteed 6s — 101 ' SPRRArIz6s 91 92%
Miu-stCble6sl22% — sPßKCal6s.il a - .
DoßyCon Ds-lOlVb lo ** 1 /* sPKKia!5s. — 100
NatVinßslsi - 100 <PBrßCal6s. 97 98%
NevCNgß7s.lO2 * — BVWatertf*.ll9V4ll344
N RyCal Bs.lOii —', |SVWater4s. 100%10ly±
NRyCal is. - . 95 | StktnGiE — lU2
W4TKI* STOCKS
Contra Cost* 34y 35y 3 ;-iprng Valley 67% fc7y a
MarlnCo.... - 62 i ;;>;:;;•
CAS AND ELECTRIC STOCKS.
Capital. ... — 26 lac .as Imp 92 9-Va
Central. . 95 — - Pacific Liicm , 48.8^ 49 .
Edison Light, 127 127y San Francsco 99 — •
M Klec Light 9% 10 Stockton — 20
Oak G L &B. 53% 64% . . . , ,-■ ; . ' .
JNMLKANCK RTOCKI. . _
Flreman'sFdlßo 190 |Sun ...". — ; —
COMMERCIAL BANK KTCJIC*. .'" '
Anglo-Ca1.... 60 — IFlrsiNationl — 182%
Bank of Ca1..258V4-«2Va London P4A. 18 7% —
sD&TCoIO 73/ 4 109 |il«rch£x.... li — *
RA VINOS BANK' STOCK*. ,
GerS&LCo.. 1250 1450 :9av 1.0au. . — 105
HumbS&L.liOd — Security. .....2 4? — .
Mutua1....... 33 — > Union Trust. 8L 6 900
si v Union — 475 . .:,:.
BTRKKT BAILROAH
California... .loß 111 Oak SLJtHay ' — 103
Ueary-5t....- — 60 Presidio ; 41/3 —
Market-5t.... 42% 43 V*i ,";
ru>Vlik.it STOCK*. • '
Atlantic D.. 16 17 Giant C0n.... 27«/ 28%
California.... 75 — Vigorit....... — 800
Eastern D.... 75 85 I ■ ';
MISCKLLANIOU9 . STOCK*
Alaska Piers. 103 V*lo4 |NatVlnCo.. _ J)%
Ocr Lead Co. 80 1W I >ceanlcSSCo — SO
HawC&SCa. 17V* i7%PacAnxPA — 4
HutchaPCo 24% *6 IPacßoraxCa 99 —
MerExAssa. — 110 IParfPalntOo ■- 7
KALES— IIOHM-N'^ BUUiJi.
FORHI
-10 AiasKa Packers' Association '. 104 00
60 Cal Safe Deposit...... 108 00
-5 Kdison Lletit &. Power Co. 127 25
; 25 do do ...... ..:.......-... I*7 12%
60 do - do : -.127-00
60 Giant Powder C0n.. ....... ........... 29 00
40 Hutchlnson 5PC0..... 16 12%
60 do .do v 25 00
100 Mutual Eleotrlc Light ...............' 975
16 Pacific Gas 1mp.. ..„ ...';. B'i 25
'■■ 25 « V Water....... " *7 00 ■'. '
26 : do f:-ao -■;•.........-..■...::...;.....) 97 12%
45 do d0.«30. 97 26,
BAI.XS— IRIKNOOX 6HSII
jsoard—
- 25 Alaska Packers' Association 103 75
lUO Contra Costa Water....... 85 00 ,
. 25 Giant Powder Con 28 25
100 do do ~ ~.... 28 1 0
25 Hawaiian Commercial. 17 37^|
. 75 Market-st Kauway *3 no
JO Water - »>7 S7V»
«'l do do .....: "...........• 97 50
• 10,000 H V 4% Bonds. 1"1 00
1000 S V 6% Bonds 119 60
Kirwi
-20 Alaska Packers' Association. 104 00
6 Pacific Lighting * 8 87V4
• — ♦ — •
HOTEL AREIVALS.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
T W Clock A wf, N V C H Kossbarb, Oakland
Mrs 11 E >awer, Oakland H E Sawer, Oakland
J B Farley, »an Jose Ch»s Pick, Downieville
John Rociie, Sydney R G Wooa, Jdaho
J Dillon. Los Angeles Sins Pearl Norton, Cal
Miss Sadie Royce, N V G Jones, Kern City
Jiseph Lavlne", Oakland Jim Moran, Truckee
J Moran, Truckee
BALDWIN HOTEL.
R J Rader, Vallijo ' r Long, I akland
J W Coffroth, Oatland S Resendom. Oakland
M stoltz, NY AS Adams. Mich
W H Clark, Stockton S W Bcott, N V
D R Scott, Alameda S Han-ten, Salinas
T D Crane Aw, Omaha E T McPike. St Helena
W Mayrleld, St Louis H V Johnson Aw. 111
G H Christie, Wis J Vincent, cotland
G A Smith, X V F A Blair. N V
C James, >t Paul •
COSMOPOLITAN HOTEL.
C O Reede, >-outh Bend Mrs F W Anderson, Ore
Mrs B Thompson, ore -Miss E F Ward, Dalles
Kobert Bryant, N V Mrs 4.' F Salix, Stockton
V A (iue A wf. Nebraska P 'lyson A wf Nebraska
E E Johnston, Fresno J L i.allard, Fresno
W H Williams Aw,S Jose Hfrman Grimm, Sacto
C C Da\ ■ A wf, Boston J Newman, (jilroy
C M Joi,eg, Kyde, Kng c Sheldon, Spokane
H G Bruce, Chicago 1 1 Briggs, Chicago
F M Jennings, Man Diego
PALACE HOTEL.
W H Hodgkin, Fresno Mr A Mrs Bowers, Oakld
H E Jack, Oakland H Bowen, Oakland
G E Goodman, Napa Mrs W L \\ oodrow, San
Miss J E Docitstader, Jose
San Jose J Sparks, San Jose
W H Cowles. Chicago A Wood A w. N V
A Gollin, Melbourne WW Goilin, Melbourne
J -parks, Nev C W Jones, Mich
D Jones, Tacoma W F Barrett, Chicago
F E Gould, Chicago T H Harney, Boston
F X Spencer A w, S Jose Miss Wltmore, l.os Ang
J B Hooper, Cal H C Moore, San Jose
P Ely, Cal G L Veatch, Cal
M Eowden, San Jose
RUSS HOT7SH.
E Nash. San Jose B Nasb, San Jose
S B Robinson, Oakland F Carson, Nev
W H Hamilton, Nev N Young, Los Angeles
W H Norway, Los Ang W E Newton, Los Aag
H Rickett, Oakland C C Eskin, Toronto
F N La-sen, Martinez h G Smith A w, N J
J Kvan, Napa G Barrett. Fort Bragjr
C A Carroll. Callstoga B B Wiil:s, Sacramento
W Keller, Hollißter C X Conzell. Hollister
M N Markel. Hollister E Long. Brews' er
F Long, Brewster J C Hlckock, Healdsbnrg
F W fclewbedy, Cal J W Harpstrite, Chicago
A Col burn, Mendoclno F P Snapp, Nev
l> H Wuterstreet. Cal J A Hanllo. Santa Rosa
tl Mentle, Portland R Ingham. Idaho i
H A Murphy. Idaho G C iJ tuning A w, Nev
J J Liver :ash, Cal C Slemmell, Dlxon
J H Hazeltlne. Denver W helley, Hollister
J F (load, Windsor Mrs W Q Perry.sta Rosa
Mrs P Bt.cker, sta Rosa A Admos, R 1
A L White, snisun E Nash. Suisun
J s Majur, Or G T Stuart, Healdsburg
Miss M A Longdy, Cal Fr. Oak. Palo Alto
GRAND HOTEL.
Dr R T Rooney, Auburn A M Kobb, Port Costa
W H Moran, Berkeley H L Smith. Hanford
J Kirtl, Mpr ed J W Kelley, N V
F B Owens. Chicago C F Lacy, Austin
Miss Homes, ban .lose Miss lay lor. >»in Jose
Mrs Collins. San Jose T E Dlerson, Sacto
B H Wilson A w, o Jose W H Newhall, Chicago
SM Smith. Mms E H Grlggs. Stanford
G A 1 ewis A w, Sacto R Robinson, Plymouth
R A Blah. Sacto J W Springier, Cal
F P Black. San Jose A j Hind-. >auta Cruz
J W Laing, NY J W De.penbrotk, Macio
Mrs J W Lewis, GUroy P Pryor, Hanford
K.I Noonan, Ha staff Wh- Rothery, Los Ang
I) J Wallis Jr, Ind Mrs Hatch, Salinas
Miss Ida lisi ' h Salinas J A Pinte. Los Ang
J A Wilson, Oregon W II Reid. Cleveland
W G Press, Chicago P L Fianisan, Keno
Hde i-auuna. btockton W H Arlin, Fremont
E M Murray, Minneapolis T ±J Kay. >an Di go
M M A'lams, Austin CH cummincs. Sacto
B Welch. Sacramento X Lauier, Alturas
G B Wiicox, Red Bluff E Cinkelspiel, Suisun
J Craig. HiKhlnd >p*s I)r C W Kellogg, Lakeprt
Dr S E Latla, .-.0.-kton R W Mmpsou Aw.Oaklnd
A Kentucky Humorist.
The late W. A. Conchman of Ciark
County, Ky., was the perpetrator of an
extraordinary practical joke. Returning
from a hunting trip one evening he was
attracted to a country church wnere a re
vival was in progress. After watching
tiie services for awhiie he climbed up on
the roof to get a better view through the
hole wnere a stove-pipe was meant to co.
In the excitement of the evening one of
the congregation shouted out: "Gabriel,
blow your horn! I'm ready to so!" The
temptation was foo great for •Conchman
and, putting his horn to his lips, he blew
a blast through the flue- hole, and stam
peded the congregation to a man. Tne
Grand Jury discussed the propriety of in
dicting the sacrilegious hunter, but no
proce- dings were laKen against him.
THK CALL < ALKM>AR.
W.
Sa
Moon's Phases
©New Moon.
Jan. 2.
7
8
9
/^\First Quarter
\JJ Jan. 10.
i 14
16
16
11
<La Foil Moon.
KU Jan. 18.
17
21
(fs Last Quarter.
Sv Jan. «5.
38
»>CtA> M l.A.Mt.l^.
BTEAMKB
DIHTIN'ATION'.
sAtr.H.
putt
et i>orio..
rcata......
zarlna
IBM of Cal.
lexico
olon
unol
orona
mplre
loos Bay
Coos Hay
I Portland
1 Kan D1e^0. ....
{ Panama
Uravs Harbor.
HumboldiiiHv
Coos Bay.
Oregon ports..
I Vie & I'gi Sna
laaulna Bay.
| Newport
■ San Diego
I Portland
; China A Japan
JNewpor ....
Jan 27, 4PM
Jan 5:7.12 m
.lan 27, 6pm
/an '28.10 am
Jan 28 Haw
Jan 28.12 M
Jan -8.12 li
Jan 18. »m
Jan '28. 4PII
Jan -29. spu
Jan '-'«. Ham
Jan nil. 9am
Jan SO. Bam
Feb 1, Ham
Feb 2.10 am
it'eb 2. Ipm
I Keb 3. Jam
Her IS
Pier 8
Flor 24
Pi— 11
PM 3 8
Pier 2
Pitt *
Pier 13
: Pier 13
I Pier i
pier 3
j Pier 11
i Pier 11
! Pl«-r 24
P MS 8
I Pl»r 1 1 ■
Paebla
ilion
?>ta
in.......
mbla. ..
Ie
i Bay.. . .
SOTICU TO ' MARINERS.
A branch of the United States Hydrographies
Office located in the Merchants' Exchange is
maintained in San Francisco for the benefit of
mariners without regard to nationality and free of
expense.
: Navigators are cordially Invited to visit the
office, where complete sets of charts and sailing
directions of the world are kept on hanl lor com
parison and reference, and the latest Information
can. always be obtained regarding lights, dangers
to navigation and all matters of Interest to ocsan
commerce-
The time ball on top of the building on Tele
graph Hill Is hoisted about ten minutes before
noon, and Is dropped at noon. 120 th meridian, by
telegraphic signal received each dar from the
United States Naval Observatory a: Mare Island.
Cal.
A notice stating whether the time ball was
dropped on time, or giving the error. If any. Is
published the same day ay the afternoon paper*,
and by the morning papers the following (tar.
■■■■-■■■• W. a. HuonKS. '■
Lieutenant, U. S. N.. in charge.
The lime Ball.
Exaxch HYMMV»RAPHIO Oman. T7. SI :».. i
Merchants' Kickaxhi -
r Bah Francisco. January 26. 1897. • ) .
.The time ball on TeiegraDb HUi was aroooel
exactly at noon to-day— L c.. ai. noon of the 12lKa
meridian, or exactly m » if. h., Greenwich urns.
- W. S. Hufliim,
I.i«>nt»n»nt.- TJ. 8. N. incnarti -
bijAy moon a->*> aIJUK.
Cnitku States Coast asti> Geodictic Btjrvkt
Times and .Heights of Uioh and Low
Waters at Fo <t Point. Estbanck to
San Francisco Bay. Published by Offi
cial Authority of thk superintendent-
Note— The high and low waters occur at toe
City Front (Mission-street Wharf) about twenty
five minutes later than at Fort Point: the height
of tide Is the name a", both places. !
January— lß97.
wedneaaay. January 27.
Pnnrls<H. ....;... 7.191 Moon rises......' 2.40
Snnsec« 6.'zB|iloon sen. •
;H w| !i, w 1h - 1 1 1, w
Fe«
ii
■>■ L W
!8 OHO
!9 137
Hi 2.42
II 8.34
H W
1 0.00
2 1 0.3S
I 1.25!— 0.21 B.3VS; STBi
B W| i, .
&48 55 2.271-06
7.48 5.5 3 21J-0.9
«.4tf 6.6 4.09—10
9.42 6.6 4.51-1.0
I. W H W
| 4.25 2.910.82| ft. 6
6.17 2.7111.20 6.2
i H \V * '
*1 w i
9 47 3.8
10.40 4.0
1 11.25 4,2
ft 47
I a °
L W
I 6-281-0.7
! 6.' 3 -O4
4.4
4.6
Note— ln the above exposition of the tides the
early morning tides are gtven in the left hand
column, and the successive tides of (he day in the
order oi occurrenc« ai to time. The second time
column gives the second tide or the day. the third
time column the third tide, and the last or right
hand column Rives the last tide of the day, except
when there are bnt three tides, as sometimes
ftccurs. The heights given are additions to the
soundings on ihe United States Coast Survey
charts, except when a minus sign (— ) precede* the
height, and then the number given Is subtractlva
from thertppth given hv triechan*.
B>TltAMJ£Afl TO Aulint.
Tructtee .. i
North Font !
San Juan.. !
W'ashtenaw .... ;
Corona I
»an Mateo i
Altceßlancnard
Jeanie I
Knrelca».. ■ , I
>°aral!on
WelHnjtton".":
Columbia. ...
Queeu ...
Walla Watia." i
Han Jose '.[ \
Crescent City. .'. I
Coos Bay I
Arcata ""
Czarina '
Mexico
■MM of Cat
; TUlamooK Bay
| Hum bold t «ay..
Panama
, Tacoma
I tiumbold: Bay. ... ......
'Conao.T
I Portland
! Departure Bay
i Newport. - ....
j Vaqnlna Bay
Departure Bay
Portland. ......
San Diego
I Victoria <b Paz«t SoanJ
Panama „
I Crescent City
I Newport
Coos 8ay....
Coos Bay „...,
> an Diego .
Portlana.
..Jan
..Jan
..Jan
..Jan
..Jan
..Jan
..Jan
..Jan
..Jan
..Jan
..jan
.Jan
..Jan
..Jan
..Jan
..Feb
..freb
. . Keb
..Feb
..Feb
Keb
sHivi-iAti INXIiLLIGKXOIS.
Arrtve-l.
TUESDAY. January 26
Stmr Mexico, Jepsen. 60% hours from Ban
Diego and way ports; pass and mdse. to Goodall
Peritins <fe Co.
ISimrGeo Loomls. Brtdgett, 33 hoars from Ven
tura; tS47*i bbls oil, 10 Pacific Coast oil Co. Op
river direct. X
Btmr S-unol, Dettmers, S4 hours from Grays
Harbor; pass and mdw, to Grays Harbor Commer
cial Co.
stmr Czarina, Seaman, 41 hoars from Coos Bay;
mdse, to J D sprockets & Bros Co.
Stmr Empire, Reed. 50 hours from Coos Bay:
coal , etc., to o c A N Co.
HBtmr Alice Blanchard, Hughe*, 4 ' days from
Portland, via Astoria — hours; pass and mdao
to North Pacific Steamship Co.
Schr Barbara Hernster, j arisen, 90 boars from
Ban Pedro: ballast, to F Hey wood.
Schr Helen S Kimball. Outtormsen, 6 days from
Eureka; 24t> M it lumber, toCnaa Nelson.
- v.l«»rnfl. •
TUESDAY. January 23.
Nic stmr Costa Rica, Mclntyre, Nanaimo; a
Dunsmuir <fe Sons.
Stmr Australia, Houdlette, Honolulu; J o
Spreckels * Bros Co.
Jbrstwr Barracouta, Irvine, San Jose de Guate
mala, via Acapulco; l'MSSi'o.
Sailed.
TUESDAY. January 28.
Stmr National City, Andresen, Eureka.
Hmr Coos Bay, Hall. Newport and way ports.
Stmr Australia. Houdlette, Honolulu.
Stmr Progreso, Storrs, Seattle.
Mr simr Barracouta, Irvine, San Jose de Guate
mala, via Acapulco.
litrar Alliance, Hardwlck, Coos Bay.
Stmr Greenwood. Fagerlund.
Mmr Oipsv. Lei and. Santa Crux.
Simr Weeott. Miller.
Br snip Arctic stream. Bowen. East London.
Ship Oriental, Parker, Nanaimo.
uershlp Siam. Garllchs. Newcastle, NSW.
Brshlp Hrlia. Mclntosh, Manila.
l'r bark Pierre Coraeille, Leloquet: Quesns
town.
Bark Forest Queen, Basley. Tacoma.
Schr Jennie Wand, Christiansen, Kahulul.
Schr Czar, Hut man, Mazatlan.
Scbr Allen A, Schaire. New Whatcom.
Bcnr Etta B, Bourne, Fort Ross.
Telegraphic.
POINT LOBOS. Jan. 2&-IJ - m.— Weather
cloudy; wind NE; velocity 12 miles.
Charter*.
The ship E B Button loads sugar at Honolulu
for New York: Nor ship Hlawa ha, coal at New
castle. Australia, for this port: bark Col us a, lum
ber at Tacoma, for Sydney: Br bark Oread, lum
ber at Vancouver for Deiagoa Bay or Port Natal,
60s: Br ship Pass of Melfort, same voyage, 58s 9d;
scbrSalvator, redwood at Eureka for Shanghai.
Spoken,
No date— Lat 40 S. long 68 W, Br ship Pan of
Balm ah a, from Liverpool for Victoria,
i>ome*tto Pom. f
GREENWOOD— Arrived Jan 26-Stmr Alcazar,
hence Jan 25.
UMPQUA— Arrived Jan Scbr Lucy, hence
Jan 81. au<! sailed for San Francisco.
POINT KEYK-i- Passed Jan 26-dtm Pasadena,
from Eureka, for San Pearo.
PuRT LOS ANGELES-Balled Jan 26— Btmr
Mlneola, lor Comox.
USA L— Arrived Jan 26— Stmr Navarro, bence
Jan 25.
POINT ARENA— Arrived Jan 28-Stmr Alca
zar, hence Jan 25. "■
tsEATTLK— sailed Jan 28— Ship Wachusett, for
San Francisco; schr G vv Watson, for San Fran
cisco.
ASTORlA— Arrived Jan 26-Br ship City of
Madras, from Newcastle, NSW.
TATOOSH— Passed Jan 26— Stmr Umatilla, bee
Jan 24. for Victoria and Puget sound.
YAQUINA BAY— sailed Jan 26-Stmr Faral
lon, lor San Francisco.
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived Jan 26-Schr H C
Wrl ? Mt. hence Jan 14.
SAN PEDKU-.v Jan 26— Stmr ProteoMon
from Bo wens Landing; stmr Wbltesboro, from
Navarro.
Sailed Jan 26— Soar Emma Claudia*, for Eu
reka. ■ - r
(•AS DlEGO— Sailed Jan 28— Schr 'Sequoia,- for '■
Port Hadtock. .
EURKKA— sailed Jan 26-Schr John A and
bktn Monitor, for San Francisco.
POINT ARENA— Sailed Jan 26-Stmr Alcazar,
for Cleone.
FORT BRAGG-Salled Jan 26-Stmr Albion,
for San Francisco. '
EUREKA— Jan 26— Schr Elnorah, frm
Ban Pedro.
BOWENS LANDING— Sailed Jan 26— Scbr Mon
terey, tor San Francisco.
Foreign Forts.
PRAWLE POlNT— Passed Jan 2ti— Brship C«
darbank. hence sept 13, for Hull.
SYDNEY— Arrived Jan 24— Bark Oregon, hence
Dec 4.
SHANGHAI-Salled Jan 25-Bktn Willie R
Hume, for i-an Francisco.
FALMOUTH— Arrived Jan Br ship General
Roberts, hence Sept 17; Br ship Harland, hence
Sept 14; Br ship camouskennetb, hence »ept 10:
Br ship Kynance, hence Aug 15; Brsbip Mua
koka, bence sept 29.
Sailed Jan *5-Br ship Leyland Brothers, for
London.
LElTH— Arrived Jan 25— Br ship Loch Broom,
bence Ang 24.
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived Jan 24-Br ship
Brands, bence Sept 16. Jan 25— Br ship Eccle
tecban. hence Sept 17.
YOKOHAMA- Arrived Jan 35— Br stmr Brae
mar, from Tacoma.
IsLE OF WlGHT— Pasted Jan 25— Br ship Pin
more, from Portland, for Hull.
LlZAßD— Passed Jan 25— Ship Alex Gibson, fm
Port Biakeley, for Plymouth.
Importation*.
PORTLAND— Per Alice Blanchard- 100 M ft
lumber.
Astoria— 9o Mft lumber, 4136 bdls shook*.
Coos Bay— 4 boat davits, 20 eds matchwood.
COOS BAY— Per Empire— soo tons coal, 500 ska
po atoes.
COOS BAY— Per Czarina— 9oo tons coal, 686 cs
salmon. 7 pkgs mdse, 20 sks potatoes, 6 beef bides,
3 bxs cheese.
GRAYS HARBOR— Per Sunol— B36 cs salmon, 4
bzs type, 1 bx paper, Ibx files. 325 Mft lumber.
SAN DIEGO— Per Mexico— 74 sks beans, 144
bdls hides, 56 cs honey, 8 bxs paste, 1 cs station
ery, ) cs oil. 1- kez olives, '18 cs ink. 6cs soap, 3
bxs tomatoes, 1 sk harness, 7 bxs tangerine*, i bx
tools. 80 pkgs furniture, 1 bx hardware, 1 lot
household furniture, 1 cs P patterns, 1 bx brooms,
1 ptg mats, 629 bxs oranges, 47 cseres, 05 cs
md'se, 447 bxs lemons, 47 bxs limes, 24 bxs drugs,
4 bxs assay goods.
Newport— 2B bxs lemons, 176 bxs oranges, 3 bbls
sweet potatoes, 12 bxs limes, 80 cs honey, 36 os
eggs.
Redoado— 22 sks cbllies, 3 pkgs mdse, 1 cs jelly,
1127 bxs oranges. 85 bxs limes. 30 bbls 2 cs 35
tlerres lard. S3 bJls tails, 8 bdls leatber, 10 cs
eggs ts bbls cranberries, 41 bxs lemons, 1 cs oil,
Va bbl claret. 4cs honey, ics wine. 3cs beeswax'
. Port Harford— lo3 pkgs mdse, 5 bdls hides. 1 sk
tails, 5 sks potatoes, 1 bdl hides, 2 cs musical In
struments, 1 ca boots and shoes, 74 cs eggs, 1 coop
turkeys, 37 bxs butter, 1 cs oil, 5 coops chickens.
1 sk beeswax, 11 dressed calves, 7 bxs fish, 1 bdl
pelts.
Santa Barbara— 2o bxs oranges, 21 sks crawfish,
1 ox butter, - bxs fish. 49 pkgs mdse, 1 bx fruit,
■35 bxs lemons, 1 sic beans, 1 cs honey.
Port Los Angeles— ft sks peas, •£ cs tomatoes, 49
bxs limes, 21 bxs lemons. 1 cs dry goods. 1 pktj
hardware, 27 pkgt mdse. 146 bxs oranges, 74 Ddls
corn husks, 3cs looks, 40 cs orbs, 2cs dry goods.
12 axles, 4 wheels 1 pkg leather.
* Consignee)!.
Per A.i ce Blanchard— Cla'.sop Mill Co; D H Bibb
Lumber Co; San Francisco Launch Co; H J Ju
dell.
Per Snnol— Grays Harbor Commercial Co; S P
Co; Amer Cress Assn: Fredericksourg Brewery:
Norton, Teller & Co: National Brewery; Butterlok
Pub Co. -
Per Czarina— J D Spreckels <fc Bros Co; Bandoa
Woolen-m Hl.* : Standard Oil Co: Schweitzer & Co;
Getzßros&Co; J H Newbauer & Co: J M K.eln;
Wieland Brewing Co; Cojhill & Kohn.
Per' Enipne- Kuss. Sanders *Co; MPDetels;
Thomas Loughran.
Per Mexico— Wetmore Bros; Bancroft Bros: Bu:
--teric< Pub to: D Guio; California Kroora Mfe«"o;
SLcvi: COmrlei: A Fruit Co: J W Gale* Co;
Campodonlco <& Malcolm: Enterprise Bre*erv: O
J B cbt; ban Francisco Brewing Co: loirue'i & Co;
Gray <fe Barbleri : Eveleth<t Nash: Wolf* Son: H
O Green nooj; X Baumel»ter:Payot, Upbam A Co;
N B Kimno: Dalton Bros: W B somner<tCo; W
F Burke: Immel & Co: C Tetien: «* X Starr * Co;
D E Allison <fe Co: J X Armsby & Co; T F Kell.-; a
V Co: Levl Spiegel ACo j O xheiahart; J Demar
tini: J ivancovich & Co: • McDonoogh Runyon;
C Whitney Ad ; Gould AJaudin: >as i A Hoes
oocKer; Hllmer. HreUlioiT.t ■-•-■ ■"> ■?• : LA Wr.im
pelmeir; Gould &Jaudln: Nye&Nisson: Flach<&
CO; L Scalene <ft >O; W C Price «fc Co: . W Mackie:
A Fielshaclcer: F L Morris; Cain Co: J A
i-uri.stfin; J L Uru Her; Lievre, Fricke <fcOo: F H
Ames<£Co: LO Sresovlch &Co: J A Loudberger;
Pacific Ammonia and Chemirat Works; Coburn,
1 i-vis A Co: Bisslnger * Co: Miller, Sloss & Scott:
Hulse, Brad fora & Co: Hills Bros; J W K- nlel;
>tandurd Oil Co: California Ink Co: J M Levy; L
T Sa.bacb; J A Allen; Mliia**>r * Wt-lbanks: A L
Brvan Shoe Co; Norton, Teller & Co; A Paladlnl:
Lehman A Jacobi: Get* Bros dc Co ; Mluaxer *
Welbanks: Eisen Vineyard Co: Pac \\ me Assn;
J li ;nzu-:lia: A Lacy A. Co: American Union Msh
Co: Erlanger AGallnger: Milan) & Co: H Ragner;
Crown Duti.ler/: Wlel^nd Brewin< Co; California
Win* Assn: Iti«ieaook Vineyard Agrncv. i hi ago
Brewery: .Milwaukee Brewery; Witzel A Baker:
Buffalo Brewery; CoUentz. Pike &Co: Judson
F ult Co: Dodge. Sweeney a Co; H N TUden*Co:
Sherman, Clay & Co: . Well man, Pecic .t c . L«bor
Excb«u«e: Knss. Sanders Co: Koss A Hewlett:
Marshall <& Kelmera;, F llalght: Sflier. Bros A
Co: S Levy & Co: De Bernardl>& Co. Jacob Unna;
H Klrchmana A Co: . Wbeaton. Br«on A Co: Pac
coast ' FisiiCo; A Pal lies; M T Freitas A Co; H
Dutard; Western Meal Co ; Dairymen's Union. L
D Sioae & Co; a Levy A Co; Hills Broa,WILL FORCE THE
USE OF TRANSFERS
W. R. Davis Speaks of the
New Electric Road
Across Town.
Prominent Capitalists Assert
That They Are Acting
in Good Faith.
Broadway Wi! 1 No Longer Be the
Deadline Street of Passen
ger Travel.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,)
008 Broadway. Jan. 26. J
4- franchise has been asked of the City j
Council /or a new electric road to run )
across, town, and tbero is much specula
tion concerning its promoters and the ul
timate object of 'iesiring the franchise.
The route proposed is as follows: Com
mencing at Fallon and Sixth streets,
along Sixth to Oak, along Oaj£ to Ninth,
thence along Ninth to Market, along
| fc'ot to' Tenth, thence io Center, then
/ Twelfth, along Twelflh to Peralta,
' cc to Lincoin and out westerly to the
city boundary.
Ex-Mayor W. R. Davie, who seems to
know more about the franchise than any
else, said to-day that the franchise
'..;>- ! oen asked for in good faith.
"Waeiherit pay or not," he said, "is of
little* consequence to the public, if mon
eyed men are. willing to take the chances.
It has been suggested that the roate is
beiiig sought for the purpose of a steam
rOavl' to connect with some railroad, but
tills is nonsense because the law pro
vides that a Council mny grant a frsn
chise to an electric road, but that two
thirds' of the pro] erty-owners alone the
street must give their consent for 8 right
of way for a steam line. Tho.-e who be
lieve that the promoters are not in earnest
will rind their errer in due time."
The franchise was tough: by J. J.
Lamping, and i; :s learned that he repre
sents Frederick Delger and other cap
i; a lists.
For a long time rcuch complaint has
been made that Bror.dway has been a dead
line to ttavei irom cither East or West
Oakland. Ayearaeo passengers coming
in ironi either end of the city could trans
fer across Broadway and be taken to the
other end of the city. But at the time
staied a compact was entered into by
whicn no transfers were granted across
Broadway, except those that went out to
Fiedmom. This system has worked a
great hardship on resio.ents of either end
oi the city who wish to cross Broaaway,
and- for ' a long time they have sought
a means to break up the existing agree
ment. It is true that a trip from Iruit
vale to West Oakiaud coud be made on
the Seventh-street local for one nickel, but
a very small percentage of the population
lives in the neghborhoud of the Feventh
street local, and as a street passenger ser
vice it has never been patronized beyond
a very limited extent.
The route of the proposed road will
(ik up the agreement not to transfer
n Broadway, oecause the existing law
bits' any company from charging
..ore than one fare for cars going in any
one general direction, and as Sixth and
Fallon streets is the westerly shore oi
Lake Merritt, and Lincoin street rnns close
to the bay, the new road will certainly
lind a large share of traffic awaiting it.
Should tne new road be run in connec
tion with the Vaadercook system on
Eighth street it would, with the various
branches, be as large a consolidation as
that of F. M. Smith's syndicate. It is not
at all unlikely that the application for the
franchise, however, maybe largely in tha
nature of a powerful threat to force the
existing roads to give transfers across
the city.
CALL IT COERCION.
Streetcar Men Required to Go On
X'ecord Regarding Total
Abstinence.
OAKLAND, Cal., Jan. .26.— The em
ployes of the Oakland Consolidated Kail*
road .are being confronted with a pledge
which they regard very much as being a
coercive measure. It binds the signer to
abstain from intoxicating liquor at all
times, never to enter a saloon, and con
cludes with a clause dv which the em
ploye agrees that to be seen coming out of
n saloon shall be a sufficient ground for
dismissal.
The pledge has been presented to the
men for several days, but up to the pres
ent time not more than a dozen have
signed it out of fully 120 employed on the
DR. MYRA KNOX.
THE LADY WHO ACCEPTED AND THE LADY WHO REFUSED.
• OAKLAND, Cai», Jan. 26.— The Populist City Central Committee is somewhat disconcerted over the resignation of
"Mrs. Sarah C. Borland, who was nominated for School Director. The precedent for ladies serving on official boards in
Oakland was set two years ago, when Dr. Myra Knox waß elected to the School Board after being nominated by the Non-
Partisans. Mrs. Borland is an active worker, and is president of the City Political Equality Society, and would probably
have been elected. She gives no reason for declining the nomination.
Dr. Myra Knox, who was recently nominated by the Republican Convention for School Director at Large, has accepted
the nomination, and will without doubt be re-elected. At different times she has acted as president of the Board of
Education, and is one of the most indefatigable of workers.
road. The carmen feel that their posi
tions depend en signing the pledge, and
that the moral of the whole business is
"sign or make room for somebody else."
The secretary of the road says there is
no compulsion about the matter. "The
pledge was started," be said, "for the pur
pose of seeing how many total abstainers
we had in oar employ ami how many
would be willing to sign. The men who
sign it will not gain anything by so doing
and the man who does not sign will be in
no danger of losing his job."
The Consolidated road has always
boasted of having the most steady em
ployes in the city, and ex-Superintendent
Grim used to take a personal interest in
his raen. There is a Christian Endeavor
Society among them, a Y. M. C. A.
branch, both of which are well attended,
and the men are noted for their sobrie<y
and attention to duty.
It is considered a. piece of coercion to
present the pledge and the carmen are
unanimous in the opinion that so lar as
signing it is concerned it is a kind of Hob
son's choice.
Superintendent Rudolph, with whom
the idea originated, controls the Grove
street iine and its branches on Eighth and
Sixteenth street?, the Twelfth-street tvad
and the Highland Park and Fruitvu.e
road, and it is expected that the pledge
will be submitted to the employes of the
whole system.
DR. JOSEPH LE CONTE ILL
Confined to His Home With a
Serious Attack of La
Grippe.
Will Probably Not Bi Abie to Attend
tba Grand R-.ception Planned
for F bruary 4.
BERKELEY, Cal., Jrii. 25.— Dr. Joseph
Le Come, the veteran scientist 'at the
I Slate University, who returned last week
j from an extended Eastern and European
tour, is confined to his home with an at
tack of la grippe. He contracted quite a
severe cold on his way from Georgia to
California, which has developed into a
! painful malady. Though not of a dan
i gerous nature * t is infirmity will probably
! keep him confined to his room for a fort-
I ninht or more.
Dr. Le Conte bad a similar attack three
years ago, but bis indisposition did not
continue for more than two or three days.
In consequence of his present illness it is
probable — so Mrs. Le Conte said to-day—
'.bat the aged geologist will not be able to
attend the grand reception planned for
him and his wife at Mark Hopkins Insti
tute of Art on February 4. If he is not
able to be out at that time the reception
will be postponed to suit his pleasure.
Unda Cue Disposed Of.
BERKELEY, Cal., Jan. 26.— The Town
Board disposed of the Unda liquor case
last evening by adopting the Finance
Committee's report recommending that
his license be taken away from him.
A petition bearing 227 names was pre
sented by the Berkeley Floral Society
askiue the board to submit to the voters
of the town to have Berkeley brought
within the provisions of ti.e State "tree
planting act."
I'ebatt-rt to Be Chosen.
BERKELEY, Cal., Jan. 26.— The last
of the- preliminary debates for places on
the Carnot debating trio will take place
to-morrow evening at Stiles HalL The
question is: "Resolved, that for the wel
fare of France as a nation a decentralized
system of education is the best adopted."
The speakers will be Carver '97, Dannen
bnum '98, Fryer '99, Henderson '97, E. J.
Marks (Law), A. C. Marks (Law), Son,
and Overstreet Three of the eight men
mentioned will be selected to debate
against the Stanford team for the medal
on February 14.
Seventeen entries in all have tried for a
place on the debate, nine of whom were
dropped out at the preliminary last
"Wednesday evening.
Republicans Meet.
BERKELEY, Cal., Jan. 26.— The Re
publican City Central Committee met last
night to discuss the organization of the
party for the coming municipal election
and the calling of primaries. A com
mittee of one representative from eacn
ward was appointed to settle the question
of how many de eeates shall be in the
convention and when the primary election
shall be held.
Teg committee consists of Captain J. C.
Morrison, Judge William Lair Hill, 8. H.
Berkheim, J. Crate, Captain Ayer, John
Ryder and John Gress.
It was decided that the primaries should
be i eld about February 15. Tho commit
tee will meet again on Thursday evening.
Dr. Jordan to lecture.
BERKELEY, Cal., Jan. 26.— David
Starr Jordan of Stanford . University will
lecture at Stiles Hall next Saturday even
ing on "The Fur Seal." The lecture will
be under the auspices of the Unitarian So
ciety. He will preach to the Unitarians
on th* following Sunday. *
old Glory to Wave.
SAN LEANDRO, Oal., Jan. 26.— As the
result of an election wager a 150-foot flag
pole is to be erected in the plaza and a 30-
Joot flag will float to the bretzes on March
4. F. B. Hasting is the donor. There will
be patriotic exercises on that day, and Mr.
Hasting will deliver a speech.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 27, 1897.
DICK'S SACRIFICE
NOT IN VAIN
His Sister Priscilla Is Now
Able to Return to
Her Work.
Jitory of a Little Stipulation
Filed With the County
Clerk.
A Year Ago He Gave His Flesh That
His Sister's Hand Mi^ht
H^al.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway, Jan. 26. \
A little document was filed in the Su
perior Court to-day that tells a very pretty
story. It was a stipulation entered into
between Priscilla Overly and the Cascade
Laundry, by which the former waves all
claim against the laundry in considera
tion of a certain sum and a position at
such work as she is capable of performing.
Priscilla's brother, Diet, is as joyful
over the result of his sacrifice to relieve
his slater's injuries as any little hero can
be. Nearly a year aeo his sister met with
an accident with one of the ironing ma
chines la the laundry, and was so burned
that it became necessary if she were to be
properly healed, and have the use of her
hands, that some one should give enough
flesh and skin from their hvine body to
graft over 'the girl's wounds.
No sooner did little Dick, who was then
11 years of age, hear of his sister's plight
than he at once made up his mind to give
that which alone could ni I her.
The girl's father at tir-t offered to let the
necessary flesh betaken from his arm, but
as this would tafce him from his work for
some time the offer of little Dick was ac
cepted. He went out to the hospital like
a little hero and the physician took the
necessary matenal from his leg and for a
time brother and sister remained at Fabi
ola. It took him a long while to recover
from his sacrifice, but several months
have passed now s nee he was able to re
turn to his studies in the Lincoln School.
His sister's hand has thoroughly re
covered, rlthougti it will be a long time
before it regains its former streneth, and
consequently she will be provided with an
easy class of worK for some time.
Little Dick reler3 with pride to his suf
fering for ibe saKe of his sister and says
that although the ordeal did hurt him
somewhat, the satisfaction he now has
from seeing his sister able to use her hand
more than recompenses him.
Franchise Percentage.
OAKLAND, Cal., Jan. 26.— The Oakland
and Berkeley Rapid Transit Company was
granted a franchise for an electric line for
a quarter ol' 1 per cent of gross earnings
MRS. SARAH C BORLAND.
after five years. That company is now
the Oakland Consolidated Company, better
known as the Grove-street iine, and it will
begin to pny its per-centage of gross earn
ings into the city treasury, which will
amount to about $10 monthly.
Three Ilousea -Entered.
OAKLAND, Cal., Jan. 26.— Three house
holders along Hobart street had their
residences rans: cned last evening with but
little loss. Moses L. Levi, at 517, lost an
overcoat and a pair of gloves. Varney Gas
kill, who is up in Jackson, Amador
County, lives next door, and lost an over
coat Harry Williams' brother Charles
walked onto the burglar in the dark and
received a stinging blow in the eye. His
cries raised the family, but the intruder
mide good his escape.
WILL PRESERVE SILENCE
Ebell Directors Will Pay No Attention
to Fairy Tale*.
OAKLAND, Cal., Jan. 26.— The Ebell
Society director? held a meeting this
morning and decided that, so far as the
complaints recently made are concerned,
they will preserve a disnified silence.
There was perfect unanimity at the
meeting, and the directors decided that,
as there was. nothing wrong, tuere was
consequently no explanation necessary.
It was the sense of the board that the best
way to silence those who are trying to cre
ate dissension would be to take no notice
whatever of them.
Although the difficulty has been treated
in this manner, it is the general opinion
of the majority that the Ebell Society
will soon have to decide for itself
whether it soallbea literary or a social
organization.
This question is really at the bottom of
the present misunderstanding and there
are many who thins that the society is
drifting "away from its original purpose.
They declare unhesitatingly that the lit-
DICK OVERLY.
j erary atmosphere of the Ebell Temple has
J been vitiated by the miasma of social gos
! sip and that the idea of mutual self-col
j ture of a classical nature is being gradu
j ally dispelled.
Mrs. President Bunnell declares that
j out of the 425 members there are not more
dissatisfied ones than she can count on
I her finders, and conbequently she will not
deijm to acknowledge that their attemot
' to make the club appear notorious is
worthy of the smallest consideration, and
there is no doubt that a vast majority of
the club is in harmony with the president.
MAYNAED WINS.
The Reliance Club Gives a Successful
.Entertainment.
OAKLAND, Cal., Jan. 26.— The Reli
ance Club gave an amateur boxing enter
tainment at their rooms to-night. There
were six preliminary events of three
rounds each and two of four lounds /or a
decision.
The preliminaries were as follows: T.
Williams (Reliance) vs. Kennedy (Reli
ance), Roy Williams (unattached) vs. E.
Klrchncr* (Reliance), J. Smoother (Oak
land Athletic Club) vs. C. Keeley of the
same institution, Charles Cathcart (Oak
land) vs. .lark Scott (Acme), Ned Orualia
(unattached) vs. Jack Davis, Charles Tye
(Acme) vs. Lou Agnew (Acme), Cain
(Manhattan) vs. Riordan (Reliance).
Frank Maynard of the Oakland Athletic
Club and William Hogan of the Reliance
Club boxed four rounds for a decision,
which was in favor of Maynard. T. Beck,
Reliance, and James Feeley, Reliance,
also boxed lor four rounds, and Beck was
declared the winner.
EEPUBLIOAHS OEGANIZE.
W. W. Foote May Be the Democratic
Choice for Mayor.
OAKLAND, Cal., Jan. 26.— The Ropub-
Mean City Central Committee elected at
last week's convention has organized.
George L. Williams of the Seventh Ward
is etiairman , M. D. Merritt of the Fourth
secretary and A. W. Bishop retains his
permanent job of assistant secretary.
George S. Meredith of the Third Ward is
treasurer.
A meeting has been called for next
Saturday night, at which ail the nominees
will attend and the plan of campaign will
be di?cussed and the financial part of the
business will receive due attention.
It was announced to-day that if W. W.
Foote will accept the Democratic nomina
tion for Mayor it will be unanimously
tendered him.
Mat. hew Charles Nunan of t'.ie Third
Ward is announced as an independent
candidate for Councilman.
Fletz Is In Luck.
OAKLAND, Cal., Jan. 2b". —P. W. Pietz
of Livermore was discharged to-day by
Judge Clift on a charge of bigamy. The
Judge ruled that Pletz's first wife could
not testify against him, and without her
evidence the prosecution could not make
out a case. Pletz's second wife is so confi
dent that her husband really believed that
his divorce from his first wife had been
granted that she cmnot possibly be per
suade.! to say a word against him. Con
sequently, there is no evidence on which
to make the charge stand.
Stand by Their Pastor.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Jan. 26.— The mem
bers of the First Baptist Church have
•<»d not to eive any pay entertainments
ieir church during the year 1897. On
liy evening t icy will hold a social to
curate the new regime, which will
>c no money-making scheme* attached.
■1 object to the worldly way of raising
noney for the Lord's work, because it
brings the church in competition with the
world in the matter of money making,"
said Mr. Moody. "Hotels, restaurants and
shopkeepers pay licenses for the privilege
of doing business, and it many times
works hardships upon them to have the
church break in upon their trade and take
their customers. In Ukiah, where I was
pastor, the church entertainments so in
jured businens (bat the city authorities
were obliged to place a tax upon pay en
tertainments in order to protect business
men wno were taxpayers."
MISSING LINKS
MAKE MYSTERY
C. C. Nordhausen Suffocated
From Internal Hem
orrhage.
He Is Thought to Have Been
Shot Outside the Bald
win Hctel.
Strange Reply to a r.eath-B?d Ques
t.cn — It- Taylor on the Wounds.
Police at Work.
Charles C. Nordhausen, the Oakland
capitalist, who was taken from his room
in the Baldwin Hotel last Monday morn
ins to St. Luke's Hospital, suffering from
a bullet wound in the left breast and
another wound in the forehead over the
right eye, died at the hospital at 3:30
o'clock yesterday afternoon. The bullet
punctured the lungs, as they were filled
with clotted blood, and he died of suffo
cation despite all that could be done to
relieve him and save his life.
Certain circumstances at the Baldwin
Hotel and a statement made by Mr. Nord
hausen at the hospital, after he was told
he was going to die, have thrown a mys
terious light upon the case, and given rise
to suspicions that, instead of accidentally
shooting himself, as he stated, Nordhausen
was shot by some one else.
The police have been made acquainted
with the details and Detective Whitaker
is investigating the affair.
Nordhausen left his home in Oakland
last Saturday, telling his wife he was going
to Randsburg, where he was interested in
some mining properties. For some rea
son, known only to himself, he did not go
to Randsburg, but went to the Baldwin
Hotel Saturday night and engaged a room.
It is said that he had then been drinking,
and the story from this point on Is about
as already published. It is not known
where he spent Saturday night, but all
day Sunday he was in his room, and fre
quently rang for drinks. He was not
noticed when he came in Saturday night,
and the time of his return isnot'known.
Sunday he frequently rang up bell
boys, ordered liquor and was liberally
supplied witii it by the drink and by the
bottle. He had the appearance on Sun
day of having been on a heavy debauch.
The bellboy also found the gas turned on,
but not lighted. Wnen Nordhausen's at
tention was railed to it he said he did not
care a blank if it was turned on.
When he called a boy about 7 o'clock
Monday morning he said he had shot him
self and demanded to be removed at
once to the hospital. The manager of the
hotel and Dr. W. E. Taylor, who lives at
the Baldwin, went to iho room to give
what aid they could. Nordhausen told
the doctor that he had accidentally shot
himself while dressing at 2 o'clock that
same morning.
He declined to be treated at the hotel
and insisted on being removed at once to
St. Luke's. Dr. Taylor made a brief ex
amination, despite Nordhausen's protests,
to see whether he was in danger of dying
while on the way to the hospital, and,
finding no immediate danger, though the
patient's pulse was high and feeble, indi
cating a hemorrnage somewnere, an am
bulance was summoned and in a little
while Nordhausen was where he wauled
to be — in the hospital.
It was only after Nordhausen's death
that surmises began to be made and appa
rently uiirecoiicilabie circumstances to
develop. Dr. Taylor said last evenine,
when asked about the condition of the
wounds when he was first called to see the
patient between 7 and 8 o'clock Monday
morning, that they looked to him to be
much more than six hours old.
He said he thought at the time, from
the examination he made, that the wounds
were inflicted long before 2 o'clock in the
morning, which was the time Nordhausea
said he had accidentally shot himself. He
said the blood in the wound in the fore
neact was very dry and had the general
appearance of having been inflicted twenty
four hours before.
The bullet wound near the left nipple
had also bled profusely, and it had caked
and dried into Nordhausen's undershirt.
The doctor thought also that thia wound
was aged more than six hours. There
was a slight burn around the bullet
wound in the breast, indicating that the
weapon had been fired close to the body.
From the looks of the gash in the fore
head it was impossible to tell whether it
was made by a bullet or some other blunt
instrument. When asked what he thought
about the case, Dr. Taylor refused to in
dulge in any surmises.
Dr. C. M. Armistead attended Nordhau
sen at the hospital. Yesterday afternoon
he told Nordhausen that he had but a
short time to live and asked if he had any
word to leave in regard to his property or
other matters.
Nordhausen replied that his affairs were
in good shape and he had nothing to say.
Dr. Armistead then asked him: "Who
was the woman who shot you?"
Nordhausen cast a glance at the physi
cian and said, in feeble tones: "Never
mind about that; It's done now."
A few minutes later be became con
scious, talked rainblingly about mines and
Randaburg and did not regain conscious
ness before he died. He had a touch of
delirium tremens Monday night.
The manager of the Baldwin told
Deputy Coroner McCormick and Detective
Whitaker that he thought that Nord
bausen's wounds had ben inflicted outside
the hotel. Circumstances which indicate
this ar~> that Nordhausen had a bandage
around his head on Sunday and the bell
boy said he leaned to one side when he
moved or walked as though he was suffer
ing pain in that side.
The body wai removed yesterday after
noon first to the Morgue and thence to an
undertaker's. A post-mortem examina
tion of the remains will be held to-day.
Nordhausen in said by a relative not to
have been a drinking man. He wrs all
right if he took only one drink of liquor,
but he became in a manner wild if he took
two drinks.
Mrs. Nordhausen called at the hotel and
hospital yesterday afternoon for the few
personal effects and trinkets, including a
diamond ring and a watch, which the de
ceased left. At the time of his death he
had $4 50 on his person, and is said to
have started for Randsburer with consid
erably more money. Mrs. Nordhausen,
her father and mother, Mr. and Mrs. J.
H. Sonnichsen, are about prostrated with
grief. She has three children.
Detective Whitaker said at a late hour
last night that, from the investigations
na had made so far, he was inclined to
think it a case of accidental shooting.
Uaylight Burglary.
AL AMEDA, Cal., Jan. 26.— A daring
dayligbt burglary occurred som<* time yes
terday at the residence of Mrs. W. B.
Parks, 1725 San Jose avenue. The in
truder secured eight eolid knives, the
CASTORIA
For Infants and Children.
Th» f*«- '}'.--: y? ■'•'■■'. •.•:;'/^vvv___ - -, ; .. .<.,
same number of forka and some jewelry.
The piace gave evidence cf being thor
oughly overhauled, but the intruder was
evidently scared off, as he left consider
able plated ware stacked upon Iha table.
No clew was fiven to the police when the
case was reported last evening.
Gay "Was Discharged.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Jan. 26.— The ex
amination of W. B. Gay, charged with
bigamy, was not held to-day owing to a
serious defect in the complaint as first
drawn, and the r ris °ncr wa3 discharged
by Justice Morri3. His freedom was short
lived, however, for no sooner had the
words been spoken that set him free
when Constable yen Kopf served another
warrant upon him based upon a new com
plaint. The examination was set fur
Monday afternoon .at 2 o'clock.
Alameda City N'otr?s.
The members of the Board of Trustees will
meet the Board of Supervisors to-day at 1:30
o'clock, in Oakland, to discuss the plans lor a
bridge over the estuary.
The Alameda Cyclers will give n lantern pa
rade to-night to advertise their eniertam
ment, which is to occur Friday evening.
Alameda Parlor No. 18, N. I>. G. W., will give
a grand masquerade ball February '20. Mrs.
Transue, Miss Frink. Miss James, Mrs. Ives
aud Miss Hogan are in Charge of tne arrange
ments.
Mrs. Harriet James, a highly respected and
prominent lady of this city, died at 1 o'clock
this morning at her home, 2114 Railroad ave
nue. She was 86 vcars of age, and had been
in feeble health for several yeais.
THE PROHIBITIONISTS
linmu'ate a Platform and Start Their
ticket.
OAKLAND, Cal., Jau. 26.— The Prohi
bition convention to-night was marked
by the walking out of Joseph Humphreys,
an old-time party worker, after a few
words with several members of the party
regarding his right to call the convention
to order as chairman of the City Central
Committee.
He held to bis right until the temporary
chairman was selected and then walked
out.
The platform sets forth that they be
lisve that the eternal moral laws of God
cannot be violated with impunity by any
municipality, that the policy of receiving
municipal revenue from vice is fundament
ally wronjr, that the whole beverage liquor
licensing system should be abolished; in
dorse the City Council in submitting to
the people an opportunity to express
themselves on the liquor question, and
pledge their hearty support to the officers
in enforcing the laws.
The ticket is not complete, but as far as
it goes is: Auditor, C. R. McDonald;
Treasurer, H. P. Land; Engineer, A. 0.
Burdick; Councilmen: At iarere— H. W.
Stow, R. J. Hunter, Reuben Wiand, Dr.
P. McCargar. Ward Councilmen — Sec
ond, O. A. Lane; Third, A. Finck; Fourth,
T. H. Montgomery. Board of Education:
At large — Miss M. A. Thompson, Rev. J.
M. French. Dr. J. Stark, H. A. Edwards.
Ward members— Third, Allen Shorkley;
Fourth, Mrs. Grace M. Kirn ball; Seventh,
Rev. R. R. Bird.
EMERYVILLE TRUSTEES.
Thfl Official Board of the Newly
Incorporated Town Meets and
Passes >'umerom Ordinances
EMERYVILLE, Cal., Jan. 26. — The
Board of Trustees of the newly incorpor
ated town of Emeryville met last nigbt
and passed five ordinancea, besides dis
charging a quantity of routine business.
Ordinances covering the following points
were passed upon : The carrying of con
cealed weapons, the stringing of electric
light and telegrapu wires, fixing the com
pensation of the Recorder, wnat shall con
stitute a misdemeanor, and protection
against contagious diseases. Bills to the
amount of $180 were allowed.
A petition from the Oakland Gas, Light
and Heat Company, seeking the privilege
of laying gas mains, was received, as well
as an application from the same company
asking for tho privilege of putting up
electric-light poles and appurtenances.
The communications were referred to a
committee consisting of Trustees Stoer,
Emery and Field wick.
Ainsworth instate.
OAKLAND, Cal., Jan. 26 —Mrs. Fannie
B. Ainsworth, widow of the late J. C.
Ainswortb, baa had Judge Ogden cancel
her waiver to all interest in her husband's
estate. In her affidavit sne sets forth that
she had no legal adviser other than
Arthur Rodgers, and his advice was princi
pally conveyed to her by her stepson,
George C. Ainsworth, and the two sons, J.
C. Ainswortn Jr. and M. B. Ainsworth,
and then continues:
"Juat prior to the 18th of August, 1894,
I had several consultations with my said
stepson and my said sons relative to my
rights under the last will and testament
of the said John C. Ainsworth, and my
said stepson and my said sons told me
that under the provision of paragraph
thirteen of said will I was entitled to a
monthly income of $1000 during my life.
My best recollection is that my stepson
and sons advised me that such was the
advice of Arthur Rodgers, bui in this par
ticular I may be mistaken. At all events,
the statement was made to me by tUeni
that this was my interest under the will
and in view of that statement and without
consultation with any other person or per
sons I consented to waive any and all in
terest in the community property of said
estate, if any such there be, being perfectly
satisfied with such provision of $1000 pei
month for my life."
Prayer for Colleges.
OAKLAND, Cal., Jan. 26.— Thursday is
the aay of praj er for colleges throughout
the country, and will be observed in this
city. Wednesday evening Professor Brad
ley of the University of California will
SEW 10-DAT.
MTTO^EIIIAi
THE METHOD OF A GREAT TREATMENT
FOR WEARM OF MO.
WHICH CTJRKD HIM AFTER EVERY-
THING ELSE FAILED. . .
Painful diseases are bad enough, but when a
man is slowly wasting away with nervous
weakness the mental forebodings are ten
times worse than the most severe pain. There
is no let up to the mental suffering day or
night. Sleep is almost impossible, and under
such a strain men are scarcely responsible for
what they do. For years the writer rolled and
tos'sea on the troubled sea of sexual weakness ,
until ' it was a question whether be had not
better take a dose of ; poison, and thus end all
his throubles. - But providential ■ inspiration
came to his aid in the shape of a combination
of medicines that not only completely restored
the • general health, ■ but enlarged his weak,
emaciated parts to natural size and vigor, and
he now declares that any man .who will take
the trouble to send his name and address may
have the method of this wonderful treatment
free.; Now, when I say free 1 mean absolutely
without cost, because I want every weakened
man to get the benefit of my experience.
I am not a philanthropist, nor do I pose as
an enthusiast,' but there are thousands of men
Buffering the 'mental tortures of weakened
manhood who would be cured at onca could
they but get such a remedy; as the one that
cured me. ; \ Do not try to study out how I " can
afford to pay the few postage-stamps necessary '
to mall the information, but send for it ana
learn that there - are a few things on earth
that, although they cost nothing to get, are
worth a fortune to some men and mean a life-
time of happiness .to -most of : us. -l Write to
Thomas Slater, box 2283, Ka'.nmaxoo, Mich.,
and the information will be mailed in a plain
sealed envelope. • .
NEW WESTERN MOTEL, >
KEARNY AND WASHINGTON BTa-RB.
modeled and renovated. KING, WAttD a C(X
European plan. . Kooms 600 to 91 60 per day, I J
to XU per week, $» to $30 per montn: tree latin;
not and cold water every room: tin gr«tM M
•very room; elevator runs alluieb* : ,■■■-/
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USK UAMIANA JJITTKKB. THJJ
great- Mexican Remedy: gives Health and
BLreaEth ft> the g«^p^ Q"f »"«- - ■ ; ■
./faction Sale?
UWAU AUCTION "COIPAST.
1057 -MARKET isTRKKT, OPl\ JOSEi,
THIS DAY.
Wednesday .....January 7.
WE WILL CONTINUE THE COHPLETE
LINE OF niLLINERY GOODS, ..
- Trimmed Hats. Feathers, i Trimmings . and
Novelties removed to our salesrooms for con-
venience. INDIANA AUCTION CUM PA V,
■ 1057 Market it., opp. Jone^.
speak at the Brooklyn Presbyterian
Church.
It is expected that Henry Varley, the
English capitalist and evangelist, now in
San Francisco, will adiress the students
of California ' College,-' Highland Park, East
Oakland.
HEW TO-DAY.
p^ ARGONAUT
-WHISKEY
I lswf&ss Five Years
L^^^^y 1 • In Wood
iMiiiißM^ Bottling.
P^ ifrrtfii^^^'M'niTn P llinTIl!
im^'pßopVigTow£^'p Li nil I 111
WmK 411 Market St.
avC^CAJCERS
\\l^Bs&^* nd TUMORS «»"
J^ W^^^j. Ko Pi;y Tin lured ! : ! "
«ESf-*^^^ 80 page book free with
home testimonials of many
_^^^^^^^^Sfe^. Wonderful Cures -worst
I^P^^w places- Women's Breasts
>^P| WKFMt^i ■ In<l Men's Lips.
I S. It. (HOI LET, M.I),
ft O Tm^//V0fB«, 719 Market St."
San Francisco.
Send to Someone with Cancer
:/^"^l)n Gibbon's Dispensary,
/v»«ai:f I 625 KEABXT ST. Established
teriajiv'V" ISSJ for the treatment of I'rlvato
■ aPr.jßibbon's Dispensary,
iVIT* KEABX I' NT. Established
in 1854 for the treatment of Private
Diseases, Lost Man hood. Debility or
ISySfp^-SfJft disease wearing on bodyandmlndand
Cfe!BSSsxi''i skin Diseases. The doctorenresw lieu
others (ail. Try him. Charges low.
X*Jfit3s&Sß23 res eaaian I «•€•<!. Call or write.
Sr.J. V. (illißOJf. Box 1957. San Frandaca
OCEAN TRAVEL.
PACIFIC COAST "STEAMSHIP CO.
STEAMERS LEAVE BROADWAY /feflj,
wharf, San Francisco, ai follows: - ffiffiStl.
For ilar\-' lsland, i.ortnic, Wrangel. Jnneaa. Kll-
llsooo and Sltkn (Alaska), at 9 a. m., Jan. 9, 24.
, For Victoria and Vancouver (B. C), Pprt Town-
send, > Seattle, Tacon:a, Everett', - Anacortes and
New Wraicoin (IJt-'Sicifhani Bay, Wash.), 9 a. v.
Jan. 4, 9, 14, 19, 24, 29, and every fifth day there-
after, connecting at Vancouver with the C P. H.
8., at Tacoma with N. P. R. H., at Seattle with U.
N. Hy., at Port Townsend with Alaska steamers.
For Kureka, A ream and Fields ijandlne (Hum.
holdt Bay), str. Pomona •_' f. v.. Jan. 4, 8, 12, 10,
-0, 24, 28, and every fourth day thereafter.
"• For Santa Crnz. Monterey. San Simeon, Uayucos,
Port Harford (ban Lola Obispo), Uavlota, Santa
Barbara, Ventura, Hneneme, san Pedro, East San
Pedro (Los Angeles) and Newport, at 9 a. m.
Jan. 2, 6, 10, 14, 18, 2 2. 126, 30, and every lourta
day thereafter.
For san Diego, stopping only nt Port Harrort
(San Luis Obispo), .--anta Barbara, Port Lorn An-
reles. Kedondo (Los Angeles) and Newport, 11
a.m. Jan. 4, 8, 12, 16, 20, 24, 1:8, and every fourth
day thereafter. ... -
For Ensenada, San Jme del Cabo, Mazatlan, La
Par. and Guaymas (Mexico), steamer Orizaba. 10
a. m. 25th of each month.
'1 he Company reserves right to cUange steamer*
or sailing. dates. Ticket olnce— Palace Hotel, 4
New Montgomery street. • i-.-.v*-j
QOODALL, PERKINS & CO., GenT Agents.
10 Market St., San Francisco.
THE O. R. & N. CO.
DISPATCH FAST bIEAMERSIO
From Hpear-stree: | Wharf, at 10 a. m.
FA ■RT?/813 First-class 1 Inclndln?
- V 1\ JL i «6 Second-class/ berth & meals
SCHEDULE OF SAILINGS:
Columbia Jan.23, Feb. 2,13, 22
State of California..... Jan. 28, Feb. 7, 17, 27
Through tickets and through baggage to all
Eastern points. Bates aod folders upon applica-
tion to .
F. F. CONNOR, Oeneral Agent.
. . . ..<■-: - 630 Market street.
GOOD ALL. PERKINS <fc CO., Saperlniend_eiiUl
COMPA6HIE TRMSATLAITIQDB
.. French Line to Havre. - r> !f
r»OMPA3S VS PIKR(NE W).42 NORTH >*V«3%
\J River, foot of Morton st. Travelers by voftißK
this line avoid both transit by English railway an*
the discomfort of crossing the channel In a small
boat. New Vor* to Alexandria, Egypt, via Paris,
first class $160, second class »116. . .-, ; .;
LA GASCOGNE. .Jan. 30, 9 A. it
LA BKETAGNE. Feb. 8, BA. K.
USOHMANDIB ....Feb. 13, 9a. H. .
LAEOURGOGNE ; Feb. 20. SA. M. :
LA CHAMPAGNE....... Feb. 27, 8:80 a. It
MS" For further particulars apply to
** . . A. FOKOKT, Agent,
1 - No. 8, Bowling Green. New York.
• J. F. FUGAZI <ft CO., Agents, 6 Montgomery
•venue, San Francisco. ■ ■ • : '
'4#*G3bLiSSWBIPBIG &». attbtkaua foe
HONOLULU only,
SW^ASwT £■*■■»« Tuesday, January 26,
SJV72 WM \ at ap - **• Special party
PHMinMM 9. *»■ AUSTRALIA fOf
nS&filnlE HONOLULU only,
•t'^ l « il « Tuesday, Jonuar 36,
L st '£ r. v. Special party
Civ/ — L 7^ ntM -
'gt^S*-^ SfwmWnc) The S. 8. MONOWAI
Vjgkrf CylullllJllif/^ galls via HONOLULU
X3S^ ' ' /rtmp?,olU and AUCKLAND for
esCTT : VJ^llf/UlWp SYDNEY, Thursday,
February 4. at 2P. »t. . , - • : _
Line to COOLG Aust.,and CAPETOWN
South Afrioa.
• J. 1). BPRECKEL3 & BROS. CO- Agents,
114 Montgomery streata
: Freight Office, 837 Market sU San Franctsoa
WHITE STAR 1.158.
! United States, and Royal Kail Steamers
BKTWBK* -
New York, Quoenstown & Liverpool.
,»All.l>t* JKVKK* WJSKK.
CABIN, AND UPWARD, ACCORD- /ML
Ins to steamer and accommodations fSsffiiU
■elected: second cabin, $42 50 and 1 60; Majestic
ana Teutonic, (steerage Tickets from England, Ira-
land, Scotland, Sweden, Norway and Denmark
through to San Francisco at lowest rates. Tickets.
Balling dates and cabin plans may be procured
from W. H. AVEUY, Pacific Mail Dock,, or at tua
General Office of I the Company, 613 Market utrea%
under Unod HoteL G. W. FLETCHER,
. ■ - . General Agent tor Pacific Coast.
STOCKTON STEAMERS
Leave Pier No. 3, Washlnarton St*
At 0 F. SI. Daily. Freight received up
- to .>::*!» P. 31. - = . ;■-■
«j- Accommodations Reserved Dy Telephone
- l lie only linn selling through tickets and giving
through freight rates to . all , polu.s on Valley
:K.Uioad.. ; . ; gTEAMERS: . , :
T. C. Walker, J- D- *t t9T "« i
Mary Garratt, ! City of Stockton*
Telephone Main 808. fai. Nay. and liapu Ca
FOR VALLEJO AID U. S. SAfMARD.
SIKAMEII "MOXTICELtO."
Dally ex. Saturday * Sun.. 10:80 a. m. and 4 p. it,
5aturday5.......;....... •10:30 a. m., 4 *. ie
Sundays ..."—8 r. it
' Landing Mission-street Dock, Pier 3.
■:.,-.': Telephone Black 261. :
Trip gives 6 hours stop at Navy-Yard.
FOR SA if JOSE, LOS 6ATOS & SA.IT.I CRUZ
QTKAMER ALVISO LEAVES PIKR l MOV.
O <i ay. Wednesday. Friday, at 10 a it AJvlsa
'I uesdav, Thursday. Saturday, at 3 p. it;. Freisiil
■■ and Passenger. <•; Fare between San Francisco and
Alviso, 60c; to San Jose, 75c Clay «., Pi*Tl.
1112
A BIG BATTLE FOR
LAVEAGA'S MONEY
It Was Begun in Judge
Coffey's Court Yes
terday.
Attorneys Lyons and Dwyer
Quote Antagonistic Code
Provisions.
Thousands of Doliars Involved in the
Question of Collateral Inheritance
by a Legitimate Child.
Argument in the J. Vicente de Laveaga
estate was opened in Judge Coffey'a court
yesterday morning by Attorneys Lyons
and McEnerney, representing the recog
nized heirs of the deceased, while Aitor
ney J. J. Dwyer spoke for Anselmo de
Laveaga, who claims to be the natural
son of .'. M. de Laveaga.
The estate amounts to about $900,000,
and there are five claimants, including
young Anselmo.
Anselmo was recognized and adopted
by his father and legitimated in the most
solemn manner. It is ackuowledged'on
all hands that the adoption of Anselmo
by his father is complete and indisputable
under the laws of this State, so far as the
rights of the young man to inherit from
his father's estate is concerned, yet
Messrs. Lyons and McEnerney argue that
he has no right to inherit collaterally
from his uncle Vmcente.
Addressing the court, Mr. Lyons said :
"Ii requires no argument to show that
this is true. A mere reading of the stat
ute is sufficient 10 establish our position."
Thereupon Mr. Lyons read section 1387
of tbe Civil Code of the State of California,
which so far as it pertains to the matters
involved in this litigation, provides:
Every illegitimate child is an heir oi any
person who in writing, signed in the preseDce
of a competent witness, acknowledges himself
to be tbe fattier of such child.
Mr. Dwyer returned a Roland for his
Oliver, and read section 230 of the Civil
Code, which says:
The father of an illegitimate child by pub
licly acknowledging; it as his own, receiving it
as such with the consent oi his wife, if he is
married, into his family, and otherwise treat
ing it as if it were a legitimate child, thereby
adopts it as such, and such <-hi!<i is thereupon
for all purposes legitimate from the time of its
birth.
Mr. Dwyer was not so positive in his as
sertion of his position as Mr. Lyons had
been, but he intimated that he thought
that the lawyers on tho other side would
have a hard time sweeping away that pro
vision of the code whicn makes the child
thus recognized "legitimate for ah pur
roses."
The court intimated that it regarded the !
question presented to be of great impor- j
tance, aside from the amount of property
involved, which is considerable. The
point in controversy is wnether a child j
thus acknowledged has a right to inherit
from his father's brother, the boy's father
having died before his unc!e. m view of
all the circumstances, the court desired to
jzive full ecope for argument by counsel.
The court i>ad no knowledge of "the ques
tion here Dresented ever being decided in
this State.
It was agreed that briefs shall be sub
mitted and that there shall also be oral
argument.
To strengthen the claim of the yonng
man Anselmo as an heir to a share of his
uncle's estate the allegation will be
pressed that a great share of Vincente's
estate was actually inherited from An
«eimo's father, and to back up Anselmo's
ripht lor an inheritance :t is pointed out
that he was recognized in nis uncle's
will and accorded a .iberal b quest, but
not as much a« he woul i receive if de
clare'! an equal heir with the other
legatees under the will.
Intimation has been made that the
legal fight against Anselmo will include a
question of identity, and he will be called
on to establish the fact that he is. really
the chiiii of Vincente de Laveaga's brother.
Depositions of residents of Mexico will
be taken, as Anseimo was born in that
country, where his mother died several
years ago.
It is evident that a prolonged struggle
for the thousands of dollars has been be
gun, and it may be years before any of the
neirs will be in a position to enjoy the
fruits of victory.
WOMEN WRITERS.
Interesting F;:pers al the Monthly
Meeting— A Musical Programme.
At the ruonthiy meeting of the Women's
Press Club Association, held in Shasta
Hall on Monday afiernoon, the following
excsllent programme, prepared under the
direction of Mrs. Frances Fuller Victor,
was presented to a large anaience:
Piano solo, (a) -'AufschmlDg" (Schumann),
(6) "Spinning Song" (Mend lssohn), Miss Mar
guerite O'Connell; paper, "Among the Alas
kans," Mrs. Maria Freeman Gray ; violin solo
(selected). Mile. H. Chamonde St. Hubert;
poem, "A Greeting to the Frost," Miss Harriot
M. Skidmore; paper, "The Army Woman."
Mr-;. J. J. O'Connell; song, "For All Eternity"
(Mascheroni), Mine. L. Steffani; violin obli
gato, by Professor Johansen, accompanied by
Professor Zilliani; paper, '-Across Some Pleas
ant Thresholds," Mrs. M. V. Tingley Lawrence;
violin solo, "Spanish Dance" (Sarusate), Pro
lessor Johansen; recitation (selected), Mrs.
Frances B. Edgerton.
Mrs. Hester A. Dickinson, president,
presided. Miss Alice G. Friedlander re
ceived and seated tbe guests.
Mis. Frances Edgerton failed to appear,
so Miss O'Conneh of Oakland favored the
audience with an extra selection on the
piano.
Mrs. Gray's paper, "Amone the Alas
kans," was very interesting. She de
scribed the island of Unalaska and the
habits of those that live on the island;
also the beautiiui scenery that greets the
eye at every turn in that region. The
poem by Miss Harriet M. Skidmore was
*-ell received, and she was prevailed upon
to read it twice.
"The Army Woman" was discussed at
length by Mrs. O'Connell, who went on
to say that tliere was no mote mistaken
idea than that garrison life was not one ot
unalloyed pleasure. She paid a tribute to
army officers in saying they are the most
devoted, self-sacrificing husbands in the
world, and the audience nvist have agreed
with her, for the remark was received
with much applause.
"Across Some Pleasant Thresholds" was
the title of the paper read by Mrs. Law
rence, and she described the surroundings
and interiors of such homes as those of
Julia Ward Howe, Dr. Oliver Wendell
Holmes, Mrs. William Hearst, Mrs. Field,
wife of the Chief Justice. Mrs. General
Logan, and closed with a touching tribute
to tbe memory of the late Mrs. Benjamin
Harrison, whose hospitality had been
accorded to her in the White House.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
VelUe B. Vallpau to Peter Daly, lot on N line of
Clay street. 110 i£ of Devisadero, X 28:9 by N
• 127:81/4; *10-
Huniiub I* Ilansen and as administratrix of the
es ate of Cnarles A. HiiDsen (by Charles Dixon,
commissiouer.) to Matbiaa Meyer, lot on E line of
Guerrero street, 100 S of Fifteenth, B 40 by X 112;
ifi9Ul
■ Mathias and Jeannette Meyer to Occidental
Loan Association, same; $10. ■
■ same io i'aciflc Loan Association, lot on £ line
of sauch'-z street. 61:4 A' of Twenty-sixth. N
154-4 by X 80: $10.
Jacob and Una lleyman to Hannab Batchelder,
lot on N line of Twenty-third street, 100 Wof
Hoffman avenue (Ellen), W26 by ft 114, lot 168,
lia'vld* Flgone to' Antonio Luchetti, undivided
David Flgone to Antonio Luchetti, undivided
half of lot on S line of Union street. 60 W from
SE corner Union and Kearnv. W 20:6 to E line of
Sonomaploce. 577:6. X 20:6. N 77:6: *10.
Jonn X., Walter H. and James C. A.iams and
Elizabeth G. A. Jackson to Adams Company (a
corporation), lot on Ms line of Thirl street, 20 SB.
of Harrison.' NX 57:6 by 81. 35; also lot on > W
corner of Fulton and Goujh streets, N l:-> 7:6 by W
140; also lot on W line of Stevenson street, 80
In of Thirteenth, N 25. W 67:6, B 25, W 20, fa 6,
X 60, N 5. E 37:6: *lU.
Isaac W. and Hobert Merrill (by David Scan
noil, late sheriff) to Joseph Bacigaiupi, Icon Si,
line of Howard street, *60 SW Of Fifth, SW 25 by
an 80, Sheriff's deed; *50.
Tomas. James and Elizabeth Stanton to Martha
E Sel!. lot on X line of Rhode Island street, 27»
S of Yolo, S 25 by E 100, lot 9: *10. „
Adolph Sntro to Arthur G. Mericourt, lot on NX (
corner of D street and Forty-seventh avenue, E ;
3_':6by S 100: $:0.
Louis ana Rose Lipman and London and San
Francisi-o BanK (limited) to Henry and Joanna
C aust-n, lot on W line of Ninth avenue, 175 6 of
H street, 8 25 by W 120: $10.
Thoinai B. Valentine to Jennie A. Forbes, un
divided 8 339-250,000, beginning at a point In Out
side Lards block 781. distant 110:B on a line N
0 dee. 30 miv. W from N line of L stieet and
1:6:8 on a line, IS 89 deg. 45 mln. E from Four
teenth avenue, SK 38.23 chains, W 46.17 chains.
NJfitoa Use of O street, E to £ line of Twenty
third avenue, N to N line of L street. X 28, ah 24
chains. NX 32.39 chains, SW 10.50 chains, SK 3
chains, SW 2.60 chains, SE 4.28 chal is. SB 8.10
chain*, 250 acres. Treat Tract.; SI.
Oscar Jacnbson to Andrew and Anna de Gloria
Peterson, lot on 8 line of Minerva street, .490 h. of
Orizaba E 1:00 by s 125. lot 3, block O, Railroad
Homestead Association: $10.
ALAMKDA COUNTY.
John A. and Alice Vlrich to James Rolph Jr.,
lot 15, block B, Peralta Heights, East Oakland;
* James Koipb Jr. to Fred A. McNally, same.
East Oakland ; 910.
Golden Gate Land and Improvement Company
to Augusta Olson, lot on S line of Parsons street,
120 X of Lowell, 8 40, W 120, N 40. B 120 to be
ginning, being lot 6. b.oct F, J. E. McElrath Tract,
uasland Township; $600.
C. a. Bailey (executor estate of George R.
Bailey) to j. A. Brothers, nil of block 10. bounded
on the N by Russell street, E by Grove. S by
Jlasou and W by Harper, being portion of Central
ParK Tract, Berkeley: $5455. *
Francis 1. (or Frank I.) Matthews to Thomas
Anderson, lots 2 to 6, map of .Brooklyn Park
Homestead Addition, Brooklyn Township; *10.
Waller S. and Emma L. Bigelow to Craigie
Sharp, lot on N line of Sycamore s'.reet. 141 E of
San Pablo avenue, E 50 by N 99.58. Oakland: $10.
W. B. Hardy et al. (by commissioner) to Mark
T Ashby (executor estate of William Ashby), lot
on SE corner oi Eighth and Webster streets, E 75
by 8 100, being lots 5 to 8, block 79, Oakland:
a'so lot on E line of Eighth street, 125 h. of Web
ster, E 50 by S ICO, being lots 11 and 12, block 79,
Oakland; $10,3*'.
Elenora S. Shakespeare to Lowell J. Hardy, lot
on X line of Lindens: reel, 144:9 S of Twelfth,
S 44:9 by E 126, quitclaim deed, Oakland: $10.
Martin Thiel to Manuel Marshall, lot on W cor
ner of Fast Twelfth street and sixteenth avenue,
N W 37:6 by SU 50, being the B Vg of lot 11 and
all of lot 12, block 1, San Antonio, East Oakland;
also all interest in property immediately in rear
and joining above land, East Oakland; 910.
Mary A. McQuesten to Emma P. .■;cQ:ie'iien 1
lots 3. 4. 5 and X Vz of s y» of lot 2. b 'ing a sub
division of plat 12, Watson Tract, East Oakland;
$5000.
John L. Cooke to Helen M. Wettstein, lot on SW (
corner of East Eighteenth street and Fourth ave
nue, SW 159.08, NW 200, NX 137- 42. SK 201.35
to beginning, being lots 7 to 10, block 101, map of
portion of same, East Oakland: $ 10.
James C. Milllkin to Mary J. Cooper, lot on N
! line of Forty-first street. 217:6 E of Linden, E 150
i by N 100, being lots 3. 4 and 5, Mitllkin Tract,
I Oakland Township: $10.
I Janie M. Austin to Howard J. Hill, lot on S line
I of Rose street, 105 03 X of Telegraph avenue, E
26 by S ICO, being lot 9, block P. Roberts & Wolf
skill iract, Oakland Township: *10.
Charles A. Bailey (executor of the estate of
George R. Bailey) to Martha G. Bailey, undivided
i half interest of following property: Lot on N line
Of Dwlgbt wav, 787.07 W from its Intersection j
with line between plats 61 and 67, Ranciio V.
and D. Pera ta, theace NW 100, SW to E line of i
California an ' Nevada Railroad, s to N line of
Dwigbt way, E to beginning, being portion of plat !
61, Rancho V. and D. Peralta, .Berkeley: also
block 8, bounded N by Mason street, E by Harper,
S by Prince and W by Regent, being portion of
Central Park Tract, Berkeley $2115.
Levi S. and Viola li. Preston to Jesse H. Taylor,
lot on N line of West Twelfth stree, 60 Wof Camp
bell, W 10 by N iuO being portion of lot 12, block
I 1, Tract 383, Oakland; *10.
Pacific States Savings, Loan and Building Com
pany to i^ureka Land As»oc ation, lot on E line of
Magnolia street, 195.80 S of Tenth, S 50 by E
120, block 547, quitclaim deed, Oakland; $5.
! Kureka land Association to August Lang, same,
i Oakland: $10.
Charlis Balreuther, F. C. Carlsen and Robert
Smith (by commissioner) to Mary S. Homer, lot
on &E line of Fourteenth avenue, 1156 NX of East
Twenty-fourth street, NE 80, SE 314, SW to a
point, NW '-75 10 beginning, being portion of lot
12, Highland Park, East Oakland; $1000.
J. C. a.id Veronica Uassett to William Wilson, |
lot on W line ot West street, 360 S of Forty-third i
street, a 26.6 by W 67. being lot 1 and portion ;
of lot 2, block 1068, Paradise Plat, Oakland Town
ship- $10. - .
! Theodor and Christine Wollitz to Louis Wollitz,
! lot on H line of Murray street, 840 B of Front, X
I 40 by N 100, being lot 92, Potter Tract, Berkeley ;
sia
J. L. and Mary C. Barker to Frank McAllister,
lot on N line of Haste street, 300 W of Tremont,
W 50 by N 135, being lot 14, block 6, Barker
Tract, Berkeley: $lUO.
Francis M. McAllister to Nellie McAllister, j
: same, Berkeley; gift.
! Jennie E. and Hattie Clark to J. W. Dunning,
lot on SE corner of Bancroft way and Fulton
nreet, E ICO by S 44, being portion of lot 8. b ock
13, property College Homestead Association, I
Berkeley; $20.
I Charles A. Eai'ey (executor of the estate of
' George R. Bailey) 10 J. L. Barker, all of block 7
■ or Central Park iract on amended map of rosub- j
| dlvsion of central Park, Berkeley; $4500.
P. W., J. E., Johannes £ J. B. C, B. C. R. and
j J. R. Hamel and Fredericke Mesecke (by Sheriff)
i to Augusta W. 1 nlsenberg, lot on N line of Folger
! avenue. 963:1 W of San Pablo. W 90 by N 125,
j being lot 72 on map of property of Villa Home
stead Asscciation, Berkeley: $74,
P. W., J. E. J. B. C. B. C. R., J. L. and R.
Hamel. Frederick Mesecke and J. S. Lange, by
Sheriff, to same, lot on N line of Folger avenue,
1053:1 W of San Pablo avenue. W 90 by N 125,
being lot 73, same, Berkeley; $96.
■ ame to same, lot on N line of Folger venae,
1143:1 W of -an Pablo avenue W-90 by N 125,
being lot 74, same, Berkeley. S>9t).
Eugene H. Curlton to Frederic T. Blolettl. lot on
E Hue of Union s reet, 200 N of Bancroft way, N
25 by X 110:4, block 2, Villa lots adjoining Uni-
I versity site on the s, Berkeley; $10.
Alfred Chartz to same, lot on E line of Union
■tre«t, 226 N of Bancroft way, N 25 by X 110:4,
being lots 3 and <i. block 'I, same, Berkeley; $200.
Ambrose J. Lattin to I. V. Ralph, block 81,
bounded on tne X by Levee street, on the S by
lands of Foster, on the W by a lame la Creek and
on the N. by the lands of Mrs. F. Ralph, town of
Alvarado, Washington Township; $10.
Builders' Contracts.
A. 'I ru worthy with P. J. Brennan, to erect a one
story building on the N line of Green street, 97 W
of Leavenworth: Maxwell O. Bugbee, architect:
i $98& fc
Margaret Wbtttman with D. G. Bergsen, carpen
ter work, etc., for a one-story cottage on E line of
sixth avenue, 275 B of California street; D. G.
Bergsen, architect; $1: 58
SAN FRANCISCO "CALL.
BTTBINEBB OFFICKot the San Francisco Caw-.
716 Market street, open until 12 o'clock every
Bight in the year.
BRANCH OFFICKS-527 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
SB9 Hayes street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
815 Larkin street, op«n until 9:30 o'clock.
bW. corner SlxUHsnln and Mission streets, open
until 9 o'clock.
2618 Mission street, open until 9 o'clock.
167 Ninth street, open nntil 9:30 o'clock.
1305 Polk street: open tin •! 9:3^.
NOTICE OF MEETINGS.
tt^S' CROCKETT LODGE NO. 139. F. m
iSr^ and A. M.— Called meeting THIS £*
(WKDNESDAY) EVENING at 7:3O'Xjf
o'clock. D. 8. By order of the W. M. /^r>
H. FORTRIEDE, Secretary.
B^S 3 .MISSION" LODGE NO. 169, F. & m
& : * A. M. — Called meeting THIS £k
(WEDNESDAY) EVENING at 7:3o '^V j
o'clock. First degree. By order of the . J^rV !
W. M. C. 1). BUNKER. Secretary. j
VpS* MOUNT MORIAH LODGE. NO. m
&*& 44, F. and A . M.— Meeting Tills Jk
(WEDNESDAY) EVENING at 7:HOVV
o'clock. Second degree. /^r>
IHEO. PROLICH, Secretary.
f^ss=* EXCELSIOR LODGE NO. 166, F. «
»-»S' & a. M.— Special meeting THIS Mk.
(WKD.vEMIAY) . VENING, Jan. 27, at^Caf !
7:30 o'clock. Third degree. - . /^N
THKO. E. SMITH. Secretary.
Ht^= UNITY ENCAMPMENT NO. 26.W M
&-& I. O. O. F. Members notified to at-*\y*
tend funeral of our late Patriarch. FRED y\.
H. STANLE, THIS DAY. at 1:30 P. if ■ ,S X
JOHN L. CitOSBY, C. P.
»^55" ORIENTAL ENCAMPMENT, ft Ak
&-^ No. 57, I. a O. F.-Oflicers and pat-'V/^
risxehs are Invited to visit Sunset Encamp- ,^V
ment No. 26, in Alanieda TO-MORKOWi/ X
(THURSDAY) EVENING. Take 7:30 P. It.
narrow-gauge ferry line. By order.
J. W.ADAMS, C. P.
ft^S 3 KNIGHTS OF THE RED -
•6^*^ Branch, Attention— Yon are request- ifV
ed to attend a most important meeting att^Pyf
your hall THIS (WEDNESDAY) EVE.N-'*"*^
ING. - PRESIDENT.
f^- TU THE
C-J®^of the Independent Red Meii's^W*^^
Hall Association — You are hereby uoti- _2kSa^-
fled that the annual general meeting of the share-
holders of the Independent Red Men's Hall Asso-
ciation will take place on THURSDAY EVEN-
I>G, January 28, at 8 o'clock, in the Red Men's
Hull, 610 i tisb st C B..RODK, President
B. A. .-ammamk, Secretary.
jt^> SOCLKBY CONSOLIDATED GOLD
f£Z& Mining Company— Not cc Is hereby . given
that the regular annual meeting of the stock-
ho ders of the above company will be held at their
office, room 7. Mills building, San Francisco, Cal.,
on WEDNESDAY. February 8, 1897.
.EDWARD W. UiSBARD, Secretary.
: '■-.:,;• • .. . .-'.- :■■■■■■•■. -..-■■■-
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 27, 1897.
MEETING NOTICES-Continued.
MASONIC CEMETERY ASSOCIATION.—
KRc' The annual meeting of lot-owners In the
Masonic cemetery will be held al the Masonic
Tempieou TUESDAY AFTERNOON, February
2, 1897, at 2 o'clock, for the election of three
trustees and such business as may legally come
before it. GEO. J. HOBE, secretary.
VTSS' THE RKGI'I.AK ANNUAL MEETING
tt-^ of the stockholders of the National Ice Com-
pany will be had at the i ffice ct the company, 327
Market st. San Francisco, Cal., on WEDNES-
DAY, the 3d day of February, 1897, at the hour of
11 o'clocfe a. m., for th» purpose of electing a
board of directors to serve for the ensuing year
and the transaction of such oilier business as may
come before the meeting. !
- - ■ J. 1. DONAHUE, Secretary.
Office 327 Market st., sun Francisco. Cal.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
gS5p THEY SELL, ALL DRY GOODS, YARN,
•~-=' table linen, lace curtains, towels, hosiery,
underwear, corsets, embroidery, laces, buttons,
linings, thieads. handkerchiefs, veilings, etc., very
Cheap at Pioneer ury-goods Store, ;06 Fifth st.
UP2F* BAD TENANTS EJECTED FOR $4:
w£Z& rollections mads, city or country. Pacific!
icllprtion Co.. 416 Monvcv »t.. room 6. Tel. 658 U.
SITUATIONS WANTED-FKBIALK.
/COMPETENT MOTHER AND CAUGHT-
\J er desire situations; mother good cook: be*t
references; country. Ml>S C'ULLEN, 323 Sutler.
DRESSMAKER— FIRST-CLASS FITTER AND
U stylish designer: thorough dressmaker by the
day. MISS WARWICK. 104 Grove st.
VTEAT YOUNG HEALTHY WOMAN WISH-
i-> es situation as wetnurse, G. a., box 77, Call
Office.
SWEDISH GIRL WANTS SITUATION AT
housework; small family. Address 901 Fol-
som st.
OOK. WITH A GIRL 15 YEARS OLD.
wants a situation; city or country. 126 Fourth
St., room 37.
"yOUNO GERMAN GIRL WOULD LIKE TO
Xdo second work or chamberwork. 325 Sutter.
W ANTED —BY RKLIAELE. STEADY
• > woman, a place to do housework; Is good cook
and chambermaid; good reference; wages $10 to
$12 a month. Address 79 Jessie su, bet. First and
Second.
QWKDISH YOUNG GIRL WISHES SITUA-
O tion to do second work or take care of chil-
dren. 916 Buchanan St.
A7"OUNG RESPKiTABLB GIRL WISHES
X situation in nice family; is fond of children.
923 a Shotwell st.
GKRMAN girl WISHES position for
j "jf chambirwork or taking care of Children. R.,
j box 7, Call Office.
| YOUNG WOMAN (AMERICAN) WISHKS
I X position us compauion, nurse or nursery gov-
erness with lamily going to Honolulu. R., box
37, Call Office. .
WANTED BY RESPECTABLE WOMAN,
'» housekeeper's place or general housework
with an aged couple; good cook. Call 814 filbert.
j YOUNG GE I.MAN LADY WISHES POSI-
X tion as governess or companion; thoroughly
capable of handling children. Apply 1205 Polkst.
SITUATION WANTED BY AN ELDERLY
lady to assist in small private family; can do
! cooking and baking. Address 226 Filbert st.
I.RKXCH GIRL WIsHES A POSITION AS
J lady's maid or chambermaid and seamstress;
good references. Address 822 a BroUerick st.
FIRST-CLASS DRESSMAKER WISHES
work: wages $1 50 a day. suits finished in two
1 days. Dressmaker, 120 lark st.
EASTKRN WIDOW OF EXPERIENCE
would like first-class place as housekeeper for
| lodging-house, widower or bachelor. Room 9,
I 472 Stevenson St., corner Sixth, after 12.
YOUNG LADY WANTS SITUATION; CAN
Xdo hMrdresslns:. manicuring and help with
upstairs work. Address S. C, box 3, CalL -j'JvVI
yOUNG GIRL WOULD LIKE HOUSEWORK.
X Please call 221 Eleventh st.
T7IASTERN WOMAN WISKKS SITUATION
housekeeper hotel or private house; ca-
as housekeeper In hotel or private house; ca-
pable worker: can be relied on in every particular.
Address K. 11., box 83, Call Office.
WOMAN WANTS TO DO HOUSEWORK
" and wßshing: $1 a day and carfare. Address
S. B. C, box 44. Call Office.
•pESPECTABLE YOUNG GIRL WISHES
XV situation in a private family for general house-
| work: kind to children. Apply 1106 Alabama St.,
j bet. Twenty-third and Twenty-fou-th.
YOU.NO GIRL OF 18 WISHES PLACE TO DO
X light housework or mind baby. 1417 Shotwell.
ITUATION WANTE • BY A FIRST-CLASS
cook. Apply at 5271/] Linden aye., nr. Octavla.
T7XPERIKNCED WAITRKSS OR CHAMBER-
XL maid would like a situation in country hotel
!or boarding-house; $20. Address box 452. Hay-
i wards P. O.
EFINED GIRL FROM SEW YORK WOULD
J I wnlt <na la Iv ; can read and sew would take
! care of child. 606 Ash aye.
1 "VTEAT YOUNG GIRL WISHES A SITUATION
I J-\ to do housework or chamberwork: sleep
I home; wages $2 75 per week. Address 33 Crocker
! street.
j |.V YOUNG WIDOW POSITION AS HOUSE-
keeper in lodging-house nr private. Call or ad-
dress Mils C, room 22, Nevada House, Sixth and
1 N atom a sts.
j PROTKSTANT WOMAN DESIRES A SITU A-
| XT tion in a nice family: good home more than
wages. VO6 Fifth St., room 3.
j p ERMAN GIRL WANTS A POSITION; CAN
i ' J cook, wnsh, iron good. 213 Perry st., bet.
I Fourth and Fifth.
yoUXO WOMAN WANTS WORK BY THE
X day washing or housecleaning. Address L. 0.,
167 Ninth St., Branch Call Office.
"l\r ANTi-D— BY A YOUNG WOMAN, SITUA-
• > tion to do houseworK and cooking; it a good
cook; city or country. 590 Stevenson su \
WANTED— PLACE IN A PRIVATE FAMILY
" by good woman; is a good cook; no postals.
Call 1205 Laguna si.
MAN, WIFE AND CHILD WANT 1 OR 2
rooms In rooming-bouse, where wife can wore
for rent. K. S., box 3, call.
•yOUNG GIRL WOUI D LIKE SITUATION TO
' I assist In housework or mind children. Call or
address 222 Francisco St., branch bakery.
W ANTED— SITUATION TO DO WASHING
: it and cleaning house. 1205Stelner i>t., upstairs.
Wanted — SITUATION AS CHAMBER-
maid by a young Swedish girl. Apply 225
Perry st., bet. Fourth and Fifth.
YOUNG LADY WISHES POSITION AS
X seamstress in private family: no objection to
1 assUtlng In upstairs work. 499 Haight St., corner
■ of Fill more.
T\T ANTED— WORK BY THE DAY; WASH-
tfing or housecleantnK. 243 Vi Natoma st.
A YOUNG WOMAN WISHI-.S A SITUATION
as second girl or light housework; no wash-
i Ing. Call 777 Market st
WANTED— BY AN AMERICAN WOMAN,
middle-aged, . unlncumbereJ,- a good nurse
for invalid, lady or gentleman; Is a good cook and
i housekeeper; wagp-g reasonable: 1 or 2 in family;
! capable of taking full charge; best of city refer-
ences. X., box 1, (all office.
• ■yOVING, AMBITIOUS GIRL WOULD LIKE
X position In any kind of office; understands
typewriting, shorthand and bookkeeping; $.( per
week. Address S. N., box 43, < all. .
Y\T ANTED— BY AN ELoEKLY WOMAN, A
. it place to do housekeeping foran elderly couple:
will also do general hcuseworx: is a good plain
! cook; steady and reliable. 225 Minna it.
DRESSMAKER WISHES TO GO OUT SEW-
| ±J lug in families by the day; $1. 214 Golden
. Gate aye. j >
ITUATION WANTED BY YOUNG WOMAN
O cooking and housework In American family;
, best city reference. Apply ] 41 2 Sacramento .st.
. VITANTED— SITUATION GENERAL HOUSE.
I" work and rooking by competent young girl;
I $20. Call or address V. J. F., 246 Oak st.
p I
i COMI'ETI.NT, TRUSTWORTHY WOMAN
\J wishes to do ' wash ironing, cooking or
. housecleanlng by the day: best . reference. MRS.
I M. CU hi 16, 3367 Twenty-sixth, near Mission.
WANTED - POSITION AS COMPANION;
, w II as»'it « Itii children ; can give satisfactory
references. ' Address 8., box 7, Call Office, Oak-
. land. •
' . QUBPKNDK.RS AND MUFFLERS EMBROID-
O ered by widow; 10 to 6 only. 1007 Market, r. 7.
. SITUATION WAM'EH TO ■DO GENERAL
O housework In small family by Deal, active,
elderly woman: good cook; city or country. Call
■ or address A. B. C, box 121, Call. v
. "DEFINED YOUNG LADY DESIRES A POSI-
) XV tion: is a good housekeeper. 157 Seventh st.,
room 10, tecond floor.
- WOMAN wants MKN'S washing AND
»» mending; also plain washing. .Apply 211 Na-
■ toma st. : ■■ .. . , ,- . .
- TjIIKST-CLASS ■-.. EASTERN DRESSMAKER
" X 1 wishes a few families to sew for; $1 SOperaay;
■ best of references. Address M. A.. 915 Polk st.
yODNIi WIDOW WANTS GENTLEMEN'S
X mending at home. 106 Fourth st., room 2. ;•"
) "DESPKCTABU-; . W MAN WANTS WORK
l XV by the day; ' washing ironing or cleaning.
- »35t) Twenty-sixth su, cor. Capp. -
r ... ; ! __
, A TTRACTIVE YOUNG WIDOW, UNINCUM-
XV bered, desires place as working housekeeper.
122 Post St., room 2.
SITUATIONS WANTEP-Continaeii.
- A CCOMPLISHED YOUNG LADY WANTS TO
A secure a place as housekeeper; bachelor's or
widower's home. Room 2. 223 Post st .
yOUNO WOMAN WOULD LIKE POSITION
X as • housekeeper; . city or country." Call 144
Fifth St., room 6. - -
XPI RIE.NCED HOUBKKEJSPER (WIDOW)
XJ wants-work in widower'" or bachelor's house-
hold; country preferred. 88 Ninth st, room 17:
hours, 11 a. m. to 9 p. m. i '
LADY EXPERIENCED IN MANAGING
JJ hotel or lodging-hou>e desires a position in
same. Apply 1148 Suiter st- .
WINCHESTER HOUSE. 44 THIRD ST.. NR.
Market: 200 rooms -'5c to $1 60 per night;
$1 50 to $6 per week; convenient and respectable;
free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
ANT ADS AND SUBSCRIPTIONS FOR
The Call are taken at Branch office, south-
west corner {sixteenth and Mission sts.
SUBSCRIPTIONS AND WANT ADS FOR THE
0 Call taken at branch office, 339 Hayes st;
open until 9 :'6J o'clock. -
W COR. SIXTEENTH ST., NEAR MlS-
slon; branch, office of Th« Call. Sub-
scriptions and want ads taken.
7 1 Q LARKIN— BRANCH OFFICE OF THE
• O CALL: subscriptions an i want adi taken.
SITUATIONS WANTED MALE.
/COMPETENT ENGLISH COACHMAN AND
\J gardener desires situation: best ret.; city or
country. MISS CULIEN, 323 Sutter st.
UNTER A CO., CHINESE AND JAPA-
XX nese employment office. 17 Webb St., below
Kearney, nr. Cal.; tel.inuin W.C.YOUNG, mgr
JAPANESE INTELLIGENCE AGENCY. R.
t) 90. St. Ann's bl'g, 6 Eddy St.; tel Main 5234.
/CHINESE & JAPANKSE; EST'D 20 YKAHS;
\Jbelp;tel.main 1997. BRADLEY & C 0. .640 Clay
/CHINESE AND JAPaNESK EMPLOYMENT
\J office; best help. 414 Va O'Farrell. Tel. E. 426.
POSITION WASTED AS PORTER: HAVE
X had 4 years' experience in one wholesale house
in this city; 1 am a strong young man. 22 years
old and living at home with my parents: will do
any kind •>•: hard work. Address M. GALE, box
71, Call Office.
WANTKD — SITUATION TO CARE FOR
V> horses; good gardener: first-class driver;
"handy with tools; city or country. H. 8., box 118,
Call Office. ?9£3B|
yOUNG MARRIED MAN, EXPERIENCED.
X would like a position at teaming or delivery
wagon. Address W. T., 1 Klmball place, city.
/GERMAN MAN WISHES SITUATION IN
VJ private family, hotel or restaurant Address
617 Mission st., room 13.
BY COMPETENT MARRIED MAN POSITION
as watcliman, shipping clerk or any situation
of trust; speak, read and write English, German
and spanisn; highest of references. Address H.
8., box 92, Call office,
APANESE COOK WANTS SITUATION IN
small family; wages $20. S. NAKAHARA.
1600 Pacific aye.
POSITION, PRIVATE OR GENTLEMAN*B
X place; can take care of horses and cows and b»
generally useful; goo 1 reference. Address 529
Sacramento st, room 79.
BOY, 17, WANTS POSITION OF ANY KIND,
in city or country: understands the care of
horses and can drive; will work very reasonable.
8., box 94, Call Office.
"\rO*- T NG MAN OF 19, WITH REFERENCES
1 from las: employer, desires a situation. Ad-
dress H. D.. 3968 Army st
\\r ANTED— PERMANENT POSITION BY
m young man; will educated; trained nurse by
profession. Position, 723y» McAllister si.
MAN, WIFE AND CHILD WOULD LIKE
room where wife could work for room rent.
Call or address 1-4 Ivy aye.
VV AHTKD — POSITION AS BARTEND? R;
I' references < and 2 years' experience. Bar-
tender, box 86, Call.
ITUATION WANTED BY YOUNG BOY OF
13 years speaks English and French. Ad-
dress M., box 104, ( all.
ANTEDr-WORK BY YOUNG MAN (GER-
'» man) as wish washer, to assist In cooking, wait-
ing or other work; city or country. Please address
H. MILLER, 631 Sacramento street, room 16.
TAPANE-E DAY WORKER — WINDOWS
0 washed, house cleaned, washing done, etc; first-
class wor* guaranteed. KUM.-i A, 1116 Mission st.
STRONG BOY, 17 YEARS OF AGE, WIMHES A
situation of any-kind; willing to work. J.
WOLFF, 402% Grove st
ANTED — MIDDLE- AGED AMERICAN,
with references, w.m situation as gardener
and general work about private place: horses, cow;
handy with tool*: moderate wages. Address Will-
ing, box 119, Call Office. '
■yOUNG'MAN WANTS POSITION AS DRI-
X ver for biker's wagon: good references; country
preferred. W. 8., Posiufflce, Alameda.
BY YOUNG GERMAN, POSITION AS CLERK
in cash grocery; have had some experience:
object, future partnership. Address G. C, box 62,
Call Office.
\\T ANTED— MIDDLE- AGED AMERICAN
ii with references wants si u.uion as gardener
and general work about private place; horses, cow;
t.andy with tools;. moderate wages. Address Wil-
ling, box 119. call Office.
A MARKET ST.— BRANCH OFFICE OF THE
~i Call: want ads and subscriptions taken.
• >QQ HAYKS ST.— BRANCH OFFICE OF
• ")•)»/ Tbb Call; subscriptions aud want ads
taken.
BRANCH OFFICE OF THE CALL, 167 NINTH
I) st— Want ads and subscriptions taken.
4 MARKET ST.— BRANCH OFFICE OF TH«
1 Call: want ads and subscriptions taken.
COW MONTGOMERY, CORNER OF CI.AY—
• >«;. I Open untl 9:30 o'clock; branch office of
the Call: subscriptions and want ads. taken.
WINCHESTER HOUSE, 44 THIRD ST., NR.
Market; 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night;
$1 50 to $6 per week: convenient and respectable;
free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
FEMALE HELP WANTED.
3O KR M A COOKS AND HOUSEWORK-
girIs. $20 and $26: waitress, cliy, $20: Scandi-
navian nurseglrL $20: .-panish houseglrl, $20. C
R. HANSEN & CO., 110 Geary st.
GERMAN, SWKDISH, OR FRENCH COOK,
$35: cook, American family, $30; second girl,
$26; nurse. $20: housework elrl, Sacramento,
$30; San Rafael, $30. and other towns; 12 house-
work girls, city and country. $20 and $25; B young
girls, assist, $10 to $16. MISS CULLEN, 323 Sut-
ter st
VfEAT GERMAN SECOND GIRL, SAN JOSE,
1> $20. MlbS CULLEN, 323 Sutter si.
ATEAT WOMAN OR GIRL HOUSEWORK,
li sleep home, $15. MISS CUL..EN, 328 sutter.
HOUBKWORK GIRL. JEWISH FAMILY OF
2, $20. . M llsS CULLKN, 323 Sutter st. ■■ .
"VTEAT SECOND GIRL, $15 TO $20. MISS CUL-
Ii LEN, 323 i-uterr.
VTUR^ERY GOVERNESS, $20: GERMAN
IN nurse, $25, country. MISS CULLEN, : 323
Sutter at.
"VTE AT REFINK D YOUNG GIRL AS NUR3E,
li $12. MISS CULLEN, 323 sutter st
3 HOUSEKEEPERS. $12 AND $16: GIRL,
Clay st. $25; girl. Octaviast, $20: family cook,
$25: girl, Kddy st, $20; German nursegirl, $20;
girl, BarUett St., $'-0: gin, Webster st., $20; girl.
Lacuna St., $15: girl. Clßy st., $15: girl, Powell
st, $15; girl, Flllmor.- St., $16: nursejrlrl, $10;
girl, O'Farrell St., £15; girl, rolsom st., $0: girl,
Thirteenth st, $16: 12 yours girls, *8, $10 and
$12 per month. MARTIN'S, 749 Market st.
0 CHAMBERMAIDS, $15: WAITRESS CO F-
«-> fee-house: 3 waitresses. $20 and room; 2 cooks,
$'20 and room: waitress, country hotel, $20 and
room: waitress, city, $15 »nd room. MARTIN'S,
.749 Market st.
A GENT INSURANCE COMPANY, $50. MAR-
A TIN'S, 749 Market st.
ANTED — WAITRESS AND PARLOR-
»» maid, $20; chambermaid and waitress, boara-
! ing-house, $15: 2 French second girls. $16 and
i $20; German nurse. $20: girls for housework and
assist. LKON ANDKE, 315 Stockton *U ■, ■ :.-,
WANTED— 3 AMERICAN. GERMAN AND
Irish nurses, $20 and $25; 3 cooks, German
style. $25 and »30; 4 second girls, $15 and »20;
restaurant waitress, $25. and Kir a of all nation-
alities for cooking and housework. J. F. CROSfETT
it CO., 316 sutler 5t. ...... , . ■■'. \
T)LAIN HOTEL LAUNDRESS: $26. R. T.
1 WARD & CO., 608 and 610 Clay st. :
ANTED — GIRLS FOR HOUSEWOBK,
»" waitresses, etc, at MURRAY «fe READY'S,
Leading Employment Agents. 634 and 636 Clay st
3 COOKS, "$80; ' UPSTAIRS GIRL, - $26: 8
girls for housework. MBS. HIRD, 721 Ellis.
pi ERMAN COOK, $£0; 2 COOKS, GERMAN
VX style, $25: German nurse, $20 to $25: several
girls, s $12 to $20. ■ German • Employment Office,
306 Mason Ht.
OFFICE FEE REDUCED; 25 CTS.; GIRi^S OF
all nationalities to till various positions. Ger-
man Employment Office, 306 Mason st ■
■pKLIABLE\YOUNG GIRL FOR OENF.RAL
Xt housework; 3 in family. Apply from 9to 12
at 1231 O'iarrell si.
: W ANTED— YOUNG GIRL FOR ;■ GENERAL
«'* ; housework ; 2 In family. Apply - bet. 9 ' and
1 2a. m. southeast corner Franklin aud Geary sts.-
GOOD BASTERS ON COATS. 6ELIG, i 108
Battery st.
HELP WANTED-Contlnn»«.
Ty ANTED— RESPECTABLE GIRL FOR GEN-
»" eral housework; small family; good home;
$10. 1736 Eddy str
I A4O CHURCH ST.— WOMAN TO DO WASH-
-*•"■**! ing; wag.-s $1 and carfare per day; tier-
man or :-wede preferred.
Vf EAT yoUNG GIRL FOR GENERAL
Xl housework: sleep home; good living; $10.
2307 Jacksou.
A PPRENTICE, CUSTOM PANTS. 7 LEO-
-C\. card plaoe, oft Leavenwortb, bet Turk and
ifiddy.
A PPBENTICE TO LEARN DRESSMAKING,
-«L at 321 Partleu st^ beu Twenty-fourth and
Twenty-fifth.
WANTED— GERMAN GIRL FOR OtNtBAL
house.' ori. 3216 Jackson sU
WANTED— YOUNG SWEDISH OR GERMAN
" girl for light housework; no washing; wages
$10. 603 Geary.
WAi\ I KD— STRONG GIRL FOR HOUSE-
work; plain washing; wages $15. 710 Hyde.
GIRL, GENERAL HOUSEWORK: SMALL
family: wages $15; references. 1628 Fell st.
WANTED— A LADY OK TACT AND RE-
"» fincment for position as oilice manager: secur-
ity required. Address Mauager, box 43, Call Office.
VV ANTED-tiIRL FOR GENERAL HOUUK-
»» work. Apply 1323 Stockton st.
F. DKEBSCUTTING BCHOOL— FRENCH
• tailor system taught. 916 Market St., rm. 54.
I ''LYNN'S DRESSMAKING AND CUTTING
Academy. 14 McAllister St.: f1 a week.
Cl C LARKIN— BRANCH OFFICE OF THB
"lw Call: subscriptions and want ads. taken.
PERFECT FITTING AND STYLISH DRESS
cutting and making taught; easy payments:
unlimited lessons; patterns 25c. McDOWELL
Dresscnttlng School, 636 Market st.
WANTED— MEN, WOMEN TO LEARN BAR-
ber trade; only 8 weeks required; tools given;
catalogue senu S. F. Barber fccnool, 1515 Howard.
lift NINTH ST.— BRANCH OFFICE OF
1 1 U Tas Call; subscription and want ads
taken.
T AWRENCE CUTIING SCHOOL IS THE
XJ only reliable place for patterns; every one
goaran teed to be perfect. 1231 Market su
OBT CONVENIENT AND RESPECTABLE:
Winchester House, 44 Third st.. near Market:
200 rooms; 25c to $1 SO per night; $1 50 to $8
per week: free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
MALE HELP WANTED.
4 SCANDINAVIAN OR GERMAN FARMERS
for an orchard. $20 and found ; 2 farmers, same
ranch. $20: 3 Easiern farmers, $20. CR. HAN-
SEN <fe 10., 110 Geary st.
'_> EXPERIENCED MEN To RUN BURLEIGH
•J dri.ls, country, $2 a day and board: 6 gravel-
miners, see boss ht re, free fare, UR. HAN SEN
<& CO.. 110 Geary st.
TJ>XPERIKNCKD MAN TO CHARGE RE-
J-i torts for a rasho: se, country hotel, free fare.
C R. HANSEN & CO., 110 lieary SU
SECOND COOK, COUNTKY HOTEL. NORTH,
fBO. C. R. HANSEN A CO., 110 Geary sU
MAN TO PACK A MULE TRAIN, $2 50 DAY;
8-horse louir.Jiter, $50 and found: stage-driver;
man to cultivate blackberries on snares, ccc boss
here; 2 cooks; 'i waiters: 2 dishwashers, etc., etc.
MURRAY & READY, Leading Employment
Agents, 634-636 Clay su
\\T ANTED— MAN AND WIFE, NO CHJL-
** dren, for a dairy ranch in Souoma County,
good place to work, 840 per month and found;
Swiss uilUer. married man, wife to cook fora few
men, £40 per month; farmers, milkers, cooks,
waiters and dishwashers. W. D. EWER. & CO.,
626 Clay st.
W" ANTED— WAITER FjR RESTAURANT,
** $30 a month; German or French cook, pri-
vate boardlng-housf, $40: cook, small place. $20:
dishwasher, $15, and Others. L. ANDUE, 315
Stockton sU
COOK, $60 AND ROOM: COOK, $75 AND
room: cook. $40 and room: cook, $8 a week;
second cook, $40 and room; third cook, $35 and
room; vegetableman, $cO. MARTIN'S, 749 Mar-
ket st.
BARBER WANTED WEDNESDAY AFTER-
noon, Saturday afternoon and Sunday. 1327
i'ucinc st.
G- OOD BASTKRS ON COATS. SELIG, 108
Bauery su
BOY WANTED TO WORK IN PLUWBING-
sbop at 1015 Kearny sU
UUTCHER WANTED AT 2201 MABON ST.,
i> corner of Chestnut.
STRONG BOY NOT UNDER 15 FROM RE-
spectable parents to learn the candy trade; call
at once at t-CHAEFER'i, 22 Sixth sU
\\r anted— barber to take charge
" of shop. 142i£ Fourth st.
MAN TO TAKE ORDERS ON GOOD-PAY-
ing article. Room 419, 927 Market sU
U/'ASTEU-BOY TO HELP IN KITCHEN.
'» 613 C;ay st.
DHOEMAKERS WANTED ON MEN'S SHOES
0 202 a Flftn su
BARBERB-GOOD 3-CHAIR SHOP: MCST
basold at once. DKCKELMAN BROS., 106
Ellis su
W ANTED-BARBER-sHOP: 2 CHAIRS; 15c;
»» north Powell. Send price. X., box 94.. call.
Tl r ANTED— PA RTNKR WITH $200 IN GOOD
' » paying saloon; night work. W. it, box 38,
Call.
t.-CHAIR BARBER-SHOP AND BATH-
~ house, cheap. BKRNARD'S, 102 Seventh su
BARBER-SHOP FOR SALE; RUNNING 2
chairs. Call 112 a First st.
I: AKBER WASHSTANDS, 1,2 AND SBOWIS,
.D cheap. H. HUFsCHMIDT. 6-3 Golden Gate ay
mUKEF-CHAIB BAIBKR SHiP; 4 FINE
J- living-room^; yard: also gas range for sale
cheap; owner going East; great bargain. 40SVa
Sixth st,
rpWO-CHAIR B\RBER-SHOP FOR BALE
1 cheap; good location. 416 Hayes st.
WANTED TO-DAY— ACTIVK MAN WILL-
>* Ing to work and invest; $10 cash; $'20 weekly
guaranteed; also man with small capital as mana-
ger of branch office; good pay. 215 .-ansome, r. 12.
W ANTED— SALESMAN EXPERIENCED IN
»» school supplies. WhitaKer-Ray C 0. .723 Markt
TT-OR SALE— THREE-CHAIR BARBER-SHOP;
r cheap. A. B. C, box 104. Call office.
STYLISH AND DURABLE CALF SHOES
made to order, $2 50. 959 Howard, nr. Sixth.
RECRUITS WANTED FOR THE U. 8. MA-
rlnn corps, U. S. Navy— Able-bodied unmar-
ried men between the ages of 21 and 80 years
who are citizens of the United Spates, or those
who have legally declared their intention to be-
comn such: must be of good character an : habits
and able to speak, read and write English and be
between 5 feet 5 Inches and 6 feet In hehrhu For
further Information apply at the Recruiting office,
20 Kills su, Sau Francisco, Cal.
11 d. NINTH BT. — BRANCH OFFICE OF
llOthb Call; subscription and want ads.
taken.
TJARBERS' PROTECTIVE UNION EMPLOY-
D mem secretary. CONRAD TROELL. 667 CUr.
ARBERs-FOR EMPLOYMENT CALL SBO.
P. C. Barbers' Assn. s. FUOHS, 325 Grant ay*.
TOURNKYMKN BARBERS' EMPLOYMENT
O secretary .H. BKRNaRD, 102 oeventh su
LCHO HOUSK, 863^ MARKET ST.— ROOMS
20c, 25c to 60c nißhi; $1 to $2 wee*.
OCI O MISSION — SUBSCRIPTIONS AND
ZDIO want ads taken for THE CALL.
ROOMS 150 TO 75c Pitß NIGH 1 ; 60c TO $1 50
per week. Oriental, 225 Drnmm su
OINGLE FURNISHED ROOMS; 160 ANIGHT:
0 75c week. Lindell House, Sixth and Howard.
WANTKD— LABORERS AND MECHANICS
to know that Ed Rolkm, Reno House proprie-
tor, still runs Denver House, 217 Third su : 150
large rooms; 26c per night; $1 to $3 per week.
ANT ADS AND SUBSCRIPTIONS FOR
The Call are taken at Branch office, south-
west corner sixteenth and Mission sis.
WANT&iVi '«-» COWJfiCT WAGES DUE LABOR
trmfcclerwv KNOX Collection Axcy. 110 Suite:
nr I n MISSION ST.— BRANCH OFFICE OF
_i)iu Thk Call; subscriptions and want ads
taken.
E SIMON WANTS 100 Mi-;N TO i.ET BOX-
. tie beer or wine SC; best free lcnch. 643 Clay.
TKY ACME HOUSK, f:J7 iIARKKT i>T.. BK-
low Eixth. for a room; fcsc a night: $1 a ween.
POBEDALE, 321 ELLIS ST.-SINOLE FUR-
xt nished rooms, -tic ;o 26c night, $1 to $1 50 wk.
BE^T IN CITY— SINGLE ROOMS, 15. 20 AND
25 cents per night: $1, $1 26, $1 60 per week.
Pacific House, Commercial and Leidesdorff sts.
ANTKD-AN IDEA: WHO CAN THINK Olf
some simple thing to patent? Protect your
ideas: thfy may bring yoo wealtli. Write JOHN
WEDDERBURN & CO., Dept. L, Patent Attor-
neys, Washington. D. CL lor their $IbOJ frtu
offer and list of 200 inventions wanted.
\VTINCHESTKR HOUSK, 44 THIRD ST., NR.
»» Mancet: 200 rooms. 25c a night: reading-
room: free bus aud bazgage to and from the ferry.
W ANTED-SINGLh. ROOMS, 16c A DAY; $1
tt weec; rooms for 2. 250 it day. $1 50 a week;
reading-room: daily papers. 36 C'say au
1 M\ MEN TO TAKK L<JDGING AT 10c, 150
1 WV/ and 20c a tilgnu incladlug colteo aud roils.
t>24 Washington su , near Kearny.
HELP WANTED— Continued.
WANTED, YOUR SHOES —WE REPAIR
shoes up to 9 o'clock every night; those work-
ine through the day can have their shoe*, repairs!
at nigut while you watt: laaies' soling, »sc; raen'i
eoling, 60c: fine shoes made to order from $2 up:
we have a lot of shoo* been damaged by water, as
less than one-fourth '■ their I value, from 26c up to .
$2 60. f>62 Mission a:.. bet." First »- '"" .. '-on.l v.
FURNITURE WANTED.
IF YOU WANT GOOD PRICKS FOR FURNI-
-1 tnre and merchandise see BURD, 211 Larkln.
"FURNITURE, STOVES. CARPETS. COUN-
r ters. showcases. ANDERSON", 1121 Market.
HIGHER PRICK THAN ANYWHKKK PAID
XX by India ns A nor lon Co. 1057 Mark^:."r»o.Jnnei
ROOMS WANTED 1
2 HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS, NEAR POST
ai a Mason st.x. ; permanent: rent $12, H. E.
H., box 121, Call office. ; :j,v:^.Vi;H
0 UNFURNISHED SUNNY ROOMS; LIGHT
£• housekeeping :state price. J., box. 77 Call office.
BOARDING WANTED.
IV' ANTED— BY AN ELDERLY COUPLE, 2
'» sunny rooms, unfurnished preferred, In a
quiet family, with board: terms $50: best refer-
ences: not temporary. P F., box 16, Call.
BOOMS AND BOARDING WANTED.
HOME WANTED FOR AN OLD RESPECT-
abIe man; state terms by the year or month;
city or country. H., box 86. Call. . .
WANTED-MISCELLANEOUS.
\\ T ANTE D^DI A M^I^IN~E^H^NGE~FOR
" piano. Address H., box 119. Call.
UILDINUS BOUliH'i: LUMBER, SASHED
doors, mantels, etc., for sale. 1166 Mission st.
S" ELL YOUR BOOKS, CLOTHING AND JEW-
elry to A. KLEIN. 109 Sixth St.: send postal.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
ARB YOU CONTEMPLATING THE PUR-
chase of a piano? if so our warerooms contain
the most desirable stock from which to make the
selection; bargains for cash, installments or rent
contract plan: we are selling some pianos for S3,
$4 an. I $5 per month; beautiful new uprights for
$6, $7, $8, $9 and $10 per month: no cash pay-
ment required larger than the above amounts all
purchasers of upright pianos from us have the
privilege of exchanging same for a Steinway any
time within 3 years from date of purchase with-
out sacrifice SHERMAN, CLAY & CO., repre-
sentatives of Steinway & Son's pianos, cor. Kearny
and Suiter sts., San Francisco; also Oakland,
CaL; Portland. Or.: Seattle, w ash.
WE HAVE SECURED THE AGENCY OF
the wonderful Ivers & Pond pianos, a specially
(elected stock; all styles, uprights and grands:
Just received; it is Impossible to make a better
piano: absolutely without a weak point; sola
agents for Ivers <& Pond, Lindeman. Connor,
Muehlfeld. Haynes and Singer pianos. J. T.
BOWERS & SON, Metropolitan Temple building.
ACTUALLY THE BEST BARGAINS IN
xA- pianos; see our Ist for this week: pianos on
$3, $4, $5, $b, $7. $8, $9, «10, $15. $20 monthly
payments: fine stool and cover with each; deliv-
ered free anywhere in the city and kept, tuned by
expert concert tuners. The F. W. SPENCER CO.
Salesrooms, 933 Market St., opp. Mason.
ABSOLUTELY THE OLDEST AND LARGEST
jri. house west of Chicago is KOHLER A
CHASE'S, 26, 28 and 80 O'FarreU St.; pianos, or-
gans and ail other musical Instruments, of all
grades and prices: terms easy; prices lowest;
everything possible done to please and satisfy tne
customer.
A INKS, BUSH & GERTS AND KNABE Pl-
anos: get our reduced prices; fine second-hand
uprights. $135: organs, $35. W. C. HAMILTON,
successor to A. L. BANCROFT & CO., 324 Post st.
ALMOST NEW WEBER PIANO, »200,
JA. cheap; Steinway, good condition, $175; fine
organ, cheap. THE J. DEWING COMPANY,
second floor. Flood Duiiaing; elegant display of
fine Hardman uprights. \
PIANOS SOLD, RENTED. TUNED, BE-
X paired, polished, shipped, stored, for lower rates
than any other firm in iv» city. J. HARRY
SCOTT, 526 Hayes St.
p RAND UPRIGHT CURLED WALNUT
IT piano, used very little; cheap: most be sold
on account of death in the family. 211 Shotwell.
A DMINISTRATOR'S SALS — MUST SELL,
->tl pianos at immense reduction for cash or on
Installments. EATON ESTATE, 735 Market.
L INE SQUARE, 9»5; STEINWAY OB
1 Decker Bros., $350. New uprights, best and
cheapest, at MAC'VAIs', 769 Market et.
WG. BADGE R. SOLE An ENT FOR HALLET
.4 Davis and Francis Bacon pianos. 415 Sacto.
ffijQA A GOOD 7-OCTAVE UPRIGHT; FINE
O i)\J. condition: $sinstallmts.22lLeavenworth.
BARGAIN — FINE CHICKKRING $100.
SCHMITZ, 16 McAllister next Hibernia Bank.
<Sii. I C\f\ A WALNUT UPKIGHT, STOOL,
t£) luu, scarf. Bruenn's Piano-house. 228 Post.
A SHAW, STEINWAY $250, CHICKERING
$185; great bargains: s4 mo. HEINE. 136 EL'is.
VI AGNIb'ICKNTSTKINWAY UPRIGHT AND
IYI sebnbert: little used; sacrifice. 1019 Van
BYRON MAIZY, 308 POST ST.— sOHMER,
Newby <fc Evans, Briggs and other pianos.
QUPKRIOR VIOLINS, ZITHERS, OLD & NEW
OH. MULLER. mak»r. rep.tlrer. 2 i .a: ham place.
HORSES.
.[A HORSES FOR SALE: ALSO WAGONS,
rx\J buggies, carts, harness; Grand Arcade Hors«
Market, 327 sixth st. auction sales every Wed-
nesday. SULLIVAN <& DOYLE. Auctioneers.
rtiHE EMPORIUM SALES YARDS, 220 VA-
X lencla St., is the place to go If you want to buy,
sell or exchange : horses, bugzles. wagons or har-
ness; auction sales every Saturday at 11 o'clock.
C (\(\ BET NEW AND bECOND-HANi> HAS-
clvv ness: all kinds: buggy.wagon, carts, surrey
&rockaway: 40 cheap horses. 16th and Valencia.
C A HEAD DRIVING AND WORK HORSES;
O\J weight 1000 to 1700 lbs. 862 Howard St.
FO*B SALE-MISCELLANEOUS.
DONKEY, GENTLE AND KIND; WILL SELL
cheap. A. F., box 74, Call Office.
A MATKUR FONTS OF TYPE AND CASES,
J\. 60 cents. 8 Montgomery aye., room 14.
mHOKOOGHBHKH SCOTCH COLLIE AND
1 fox terrier pups for sale; pedigree given. Ad-
dress Pupa box 66, Call Office.
FINE GORDON SKTTEK DOG, 8 MONTHS
r old. J. C. L. FREDERICKS, Sutter and San-
some sta.
RESH MILCH COW; HALF JERSEY.
28U9V 3 California st.
TVTEW ELMWOOD RANGES ARE THE BEST.
IV W. S. RAY MFG. CO., 12 California st.
|>OILERS.ENGINES,2D-HANU MACHINERY
J J water-pipes. Mclntosh & Wolpman, 137 Beala.
v ARS, BACK BARS, MIRRORS. 8HOW-
» ' cases, counters, linoleum, office furniture,
store and office furniture and fixtures, new and
secondhand. J. NOONAN, 1017-1019-1021-1023
Mission st. , above Sixth. , . . .
BARS, SCALES. MIRRORS, FRENCH
ranges, etc.. bought, sold. MEEK, 1118 Mission.
ATIONAL CASH REGISTER, GOOD OR-
1> der; also large folding-door safe. 8 Mission st.
pOFFEE MILL. SCALES, LETTER PRESS,
\J stand desk, money till, safe; cheap. 102 Clay.
i. ARS, SHOWCASES, COUNTERS, BHELV-
i) ing, etc., bought and pold. 1063 Mission, nr.7th.
ONE SMALL MEDIUM AND LARGE-SIZE
fire and burglar proof safe. .109-111 Market st.
SEWING MACHINES.
ALL KINDS BOUGHT. SOLD, EXCHANGED,
rented repaired: lowest rates. 205 Fourth su
CARPET CLEANING.
CITY STEAM CARP ET~7J£e WORKsT
cleans, moves, lavs carpets. G. H. STEVENS,
Mtr. 38 and 401-:tghth St.; telephone South 250.
WHEN YOU BECOME DISGUSTED WITH
poor work send to SPAULDING'sJ Pioneer Ca-
rpet-beating Works. 353-57 Tehama st.; teL So. 40.
WATTS, reliable carpet-cleaning ranovtg. alter-
O . atlon works.. 409 McAllister. TeL Jessie 321.
pARPETS CLEANED & RENOVATED LIKE
VVnew. 23Tenth; teL South 36. Mackintosh <fc Co.
JE. MITCHELL, 'LEANING CO.,
• 240 14th st. ; cleaning 3c a yard. ;. TeL Mis. 74.
pAKPET-CLEANING. 3c; LAYING. 3c; RUG
\J sample-) free; tel. Jessie 944. Stratum, 19 Bth st.
pOXKLIN'S CARPKT- BEATING WORKSI.
\J 333 Golden Gate aye. Telephone Kast 126. -
PROFESSIONAL CARDS.
TOHN E. RICHARDS, LAW OFFICES. \EOOM3
«l 26 and 27, Crocker cuiiauttf; leiepnonu Main
75, Baa Francisco, CaL :.
JOHN R. AITKKN AND MAURICE L. ASHEIV
O attrs ml law. rms 515.516. sth floor. Parroit bUU
■J^. HOTELS.
"OROOKLYN " HOTEL, 208-212' BUSH ST.,
XI board and room $1 to (2 per day. $6 to i $12
per week; choice rooms 50 ..cents to $1: suite
rooms for family $1 to SI 50 per night: first-class
service;. tree coach. CHAKLKB MONTGOMERY.
I BUSINESS CHANCES.
niHOSE -WHO ARE SKEKING . BUSINESS
X places it will pay them by calling on THOMAS
& CO., 33 Sixth St., room 18. ' • ' ■ }.
PARTNER WANTED IN A CASH BUStNKst
X must be able to Rive good reference: no other)
need to apply. 33 Sixth st., room 18, THOMA/3
&CO
G»(;AA WILL BUY A FIXE COFFEE HOUSE;
«Jp' >\J\J a good location; doing a good business;
will hear investigation. 33 Sixth St., THOMAS &
CO., room 18.
©9^o. TLL BUY A FINE CANDY STORK
VD^OXJ ,ioing a nice business. Call 33 Sixth
at., room 18. THOMAS <fc CO.
TTIOHEfcsT CA-JH PRICES PAIDPORFUKSI
-Ll ture, restaurant, saloon fixtures and grocery
stocKs. STKNBEi.GCf... 632 Market St.
<Bi4V !: SALOON; WHOLESALE DISTRICT;
<U> x— y. 01.1-estabilsheJ place: cheap rent with
Market si*"" 8 CUy ' STENISEKG & co - 63: *
S> 3505?,?^ E , H GROCER AND BAR,
<1P OfV/ with living-rooms-, half block of Mar-
ket st., rent $25, with lease: exc-llent chnnce for
a man of energy. STKNBKRG CO.. 632 Market.
£150 £ E T ,?T RANT: FINK LOCATION:
ltjy ';« r l tl > living-rooms, furnished; receipt!
average $12; suitable for man and wife. STE\-
BERO CO., 632 Market at. ««'"- bTEi
ft'-J^O COAL - Ol l' HOUTE: 400 CUSTOM-
fSJOOK'. ers; good horse and wagon- week's
trial. STENBERG CO.. 032 Market st.
p ROCERY AND BAR; 4 ROOMS; PRICB
VJ $20a DECKER, 1020 Market st. rml<la
BEST 4-CHAIR BARBKR-sHOP IN CITY
For sale by H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market st.
fIjOKA STATIONERY, CANDY AND NO-
s)Ou\J tion store. DECKER. 1020 Market st.
flh/JAA FIRST-CLASS RESTAURANT:
<|pDUI/. H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market st.
dT»Qfifk PARTNERSHIP IN PROSPEROUS
<g)3UU. old-established mercantile business;
pays at leant $75 per month to each ; can be largely
increased; must be honest, Industrious, sober; ob-
ject desired not capital but good man; this is a
chance seldom offered; investigate at once; no
agents. T.. box 97, Call.
<JT»-|nn SHOESHOP ?OR SALE IN GOOD
iJilUu, mining camp; good business; all
good workman can do; good prices for work;
neat shop, newly fixed np: price includes shop,
fixtures, good will, etc. Apply tor particulars to
Stoli and Van Bercrener, 645 Market St., or A.«£.
BURROUGHS, 325 O'FarreU st. J. ■/. m.
. -^CT
PARTNER WANTED WHO CAN INVESIH'
X from $2500 to $3000 in an enterprise In Mexico,!
enormously profitable; does not need to go do* a
if not wishing to. but I want none but a keen an 1
brilliant man, who must have money and judg-
ment. a, box 71, Call Office.
pREATEST CHaNCE EVER OFFERED;
VT investment of 1500 balance in easy install*
ments: 8250 and over net profits per month: lodg*
ing-house on the best part of Market: established.
for many years. For further particulars address
a, box 96, Call Office.
GARDENER WANT-; PARTNER; SPLEN-
did chance for good man; most be sober and of
good character; 100 required : more than double
stock on hand. JOHN MANNERS, 9 bO Clay au.
Oakland.
ffl» 7A A CHOP AND OYSTER HOUSE. NEAR
•Ip I \J\J. Baldwin; good reason for selling. In.
quire this office.
OR SALE CHHiAP-ELEGANTLY FITTED
up restaurant: parties are leaving city. Ad*
dress 167 Ninth st.
LD- ESTABLISHED CORNER GROCERY
for sale. Twenty-second and Fair Oaks sts.
XPKESS BUSINESS, COR. SANSOME AND
-Hi Sutter sts. J. C. FREDERICKS.
OLD-ESTABLISHED BAKERY: EVERY,
thing complete; for sale cheap. Apply Call.
FOR SALE— EXPRESS BUSINESS.
X Apply SW. cor. Eighth and Market sts,
FINE PAYING COKNER CIGAR-STORE;
cheap. 1 Taylor St.; Mitchell's ccrner.
TO LET— CIGAR-STAND, CLUBROOMS AND
X basement. 639 California st.
T OCKSMITH AND REPAIRING SHOP DO-
Xj ing goo 1 business, for sale cheap, on account
of departure East; splendid cnance for locksmith
or tooimaker. Address v., box 3, Call Office, Oak-
land.
MAN OR WOMAN WITH $500 CASH TO
handle and control a light and paying bus!,
ness:* will stand investigation; $5000 per year.
Call 124 Sixth st.. room 12.
dU I ?\f\ CASH; GOOD- PAYING RESTAU-
t|P I O'J rant: receipts from $15 to $20 a day.
Apply 948 Fl.lmore st., cor. McAllister.
INE OPENING IN ESTABLISHED DKTEC-
FINE OPENING IN ESTABLrsHRD DKTEC-
tive business for partner with little money.
X., box 1, Call Office.
ARGAIN; FIRBT-CLASB •• HESTA ÜBANT: V
if sold this week; living-rooms; no agents, k
R,, box 18, Call Office. r
FIKST-CLASS PHOTO «ALLERY ON MAR
ket st. for sale. Address J. WARRAN. 231
Seventh st., city.
pOKNER SALOON: OLD - ESTABLISHED
K> business. Apply Chicago Brewery, 1420 Pine.
QPLENDID OPENING FOR BUSINESS MAN/
O with $600. Particulars SICKELs. 620 Market.
GOOD PAYING RESTAURANT FOR SALE,
VJf or will rent to responsible party. Apply 210
Drumm a..
P ROCERY AND BAR FOR SALE. INQUIRE
Ijt cartan, McCarthy & co., 312 sacra-
mento st. •
ffljrrr CIGAR-STAND, WELL ESTABLISH-
«IT •O. Ed, near Market st. Apply this office.
(JiQAA FRUITSTORE; HORSE AND WAG-
«]p*-l/U. on; fine stock. L., box 16, Call Office)
T3ANDSBURG DEVELOPMENT CO. WlLii
XV sell 1/3 interest in its property and business for
$9000 casn; money wanted to extend the business)
ofcomp'y: mining, real estate, commission. Oscar
T. Shuck, 509 Kearny, E.F. Bean,Randsburg, Cal.
mnAA BUYt* HOTEL AND BAR; RUNT
i$Z.\J\J $12. 2521 Twenty-fourth st., near
Potrero aye. ; car stops-
SALOON FOB SALE CHEAP. 702 HOWARD
St. .... . ...
RESTAURANT: CHEAP: SEAT 60 PERSONS;
living-rooms; present owner for 6 years; muse
leave city; near factories. R. s., box 85, Call.
ALOON AND GROCERY: GOOD LOCATION-
must be sold at once. Call 33 Sixth st  rm 18.
p OOD-PAYING COUNTRY HOTEL TO RENT
\J at reasonable terms. MRS. A. SIDWELL,
Rio Vista, Solano County, Cat
OR SALE— ON ACCOUNT OF BICKNEBS:
fine corner saloon and rooming- hotel. Capitol
Hotel, Eleventh and Franklin sis., Oakland.
INE BASEMENT, SUITABLE FOR ANY
business; one block from Market. 16 Grant aye.
T ATEST CAR FENDER PATENT: BEST IN«
XJ ventlon. Apply 623 Golden Gate aye.
"Printing MATERIAL FOR sale cheap
X at 8 Montgomery aye., room 14.
ANTED— PARTNER IN CHOWDER AND
liquor house, 660 Sacramento, cor. Kearny.
pENTLKMAX PARTNER WANTED BY.
VJT young widow of means. 106 Fourth, room 2.1
TiESTAURANT FOR SALE: - BEST LOCA-**-
XV lion; doing good business; grand bargain
owner going away. A poly at this office.
•VTKWSPAPER ROUTE IN INTERIOR CITY
JL\ close to Sao Francisco. For particulars apply
this office. ;
/GENTLEMAN PARTNER WANTED WITH
VT $60 by unlncumb*redwiaow. 207 Post. rm. 8.
TTERY CHEAP; CORNER GROCERY AND
V saloon. 331 Sixth st., corner Clara.
ffl* CCA CORNER SALOON ON FOURTH ST.;
iSOO\J. sickness cause selling. Inquire CalL
OKI Q MISSION — SUBSCRIPTIONS AND
— -OX 0 want ads taken for Thk Call.
QQQ HAVES— BRANCH OFFICE OF THE
000 Call: subscriptions and want ads taken.
LODGING-HOUSES FOB SALE.
DECKER'S BARGAINS r
27-room house 4700 22-roono .house... $500
' -room house.. - 160 24 rooms, corner. 750
s 65 rooms, cor... 3,1101) 14 rms on butter. 700
1 11 re., must sell 20 66 rms, best city. 3,500
H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market St.. opp. Fifth.
fltOwA HOUSE OF 10 SUNNY ROOMS;
-i)U. north of Market; clears $35 over ex-
penses. STKNBERG CO., 632 Market st.
FOR SALE— ROOMING-HOUSE: 24 ROOMS;
SiOO. j 140 Minna st.
OQ-KOOM HOUSE AT A BARGAIN ON AC-
£i<o count of change of business. 11 Kddy st.
BARGAIN: $750: IC I L V FURNISHED
sunny rooming-house 9 rooms, bath. 604 Geary.
\\[ ANTKD TO BUY OR RENT A LODGING-
»» house of 20 rooms or upward. J., box 106,
Call. .-'■-.•..■■ "
FURNITURE FOB SALE. \
((in CAKPr.Ts; CH.»MiJiiR sr..s. . $14- A
ivu stoves, $5: parlor eets, $20; loldinc-beds,/^
$10; bar outfits. T. D. MCCARTHY, 764 Mission.
A T L. J. NEUMANN'S. 117 SIXTH, FOX
xi. lowest prices on household roods: new or guoi
us new: cas ior on time: open evenings. ■, y.
OUCKJXUHAM -FUKNITUKK Co. — LOWEST
J > prices: furniture, carr>" *: all 1 radei. 86tt M m 1 1
PHYSICIANS.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL. 1206 MARKET, COB.
.Uoldentiate ay. ; diseases of women a special?*HOUSES TO LET.
' -foN~KS W. SIOK, BET. JACKSON AND PA-
O clflc-Neat sunny -window bons-; 2 stories:
5 rooms and bath: in good order; cars handy; rent
• llow to a good tenant. Apply to*.. 8. CAPl'ifcCa,
■ Heal Estate Agents, 415 Monti-ornery st.
I ITIIANNAN— SU XN V SIDK. ABOVE SECOND
\}} —2-story house: 6 rooms and bath: rent low to
a good tenant. Apply to CS. CAPP &CO , Real
Estate Agents, 41 a Montgomery, st.
-FAKKELL. BET. MASON AND TAYLOR—
K.ar house of 3 rooms. Apply to O. 8. caff
a CO., Real fc. state Agent*. 415 Montgomery st. .
I 1- XING TON AVK. (FORMKKLY STEVKN-
\j son St.), bet, Mission «nd Valencia. Twentieth
and Twenty-first— Neat 2-story house; 6 rooms
and bath: rent low to a good tenant. Apply to C.
s. t'Al'P <fc CO., Real estate Agents, 415 Mont-
gomery st.
pREATLY HEDLXKD RENT TO . STEADY
IJT tenant: newly renovated; painted; cable
passes. 7U7 Ma<on st.
£•17 1608 PACIFIC house six
CJ '■ rooms: large yard; cellar.
HOUSE OF 4 ROOMS (REAR). 13*0 LARKIN
st. Apply 1318 Larkin at.
7-ROO.M COlf,<GE, STABLE AND LARGE
I yard; on Vicksburg and Jersey sts., nr. Twenty-
fourth and Church.
QQ'; Rfl RK^T REDUCED; SUNNY
<42«J— ,U\J. house 7 rooms, bath; modern. 914
Ellis St., near Van Ness aye.
Ql ft HOUSE OF 4 NICE ROOMS, 7 7 FEET
'_ IV. from cor. California and Hyde sts.; water
and ashes free. Inquire 13-8 California St.
2 NICE SUNNY HOUSES ON LKAVEN-
worth, near Jackson; rent reduced to 915. Ap-
ply BOVEE, TOY Jt SON MAG, 30 Montgomery.
HOUSE OF 9 SUNNY ROOMS, COR. PIERCE
au and Elm aye., nr. Turk: 93-' 50.
BAD TKNANTS KJF.CTED; 93. SMITH,
collector, 14 McAllister St., rooms 10-11.
Cl«k»r| 2814 LAGUNA; HOUSE* ROOMS.'
tJ])Z.U. 516—1535 Union: corner; 4 rooms.
914—1883 Union; 4 rooms.
X ROOMS; 533b SKCOND ST.; 915 PER
0 month. Key at 539 >econJ st.
. 7 -ROOMS; 637b SECOND ST.; 917 PER
• month. Key at 539 Second st.
• *- ROOMS; NEW HOUSE; MODERN IM-
m O provements; 45 Federal si.; 915 per month to
r desirable tenants. Key at 539 second su
\ HOUSES TO RENT I'Ott VERY LITTLE
. XX money at BALDWIN a. HAiIMONI/Sk la
Nosicomerrst.
. FURNISHED HOUSES.
A ROOMS; NICELY FURNISHED FLAT.
"t with or without housekeeping accommodations.
1023 Ellis bu . • _
COTTAGES TO LET.
©7 AND 99; COTTAGES; 3 AND 4 ROOMS;
tjp I good order. Apply on premises, 945 Bryant
BU, or G. H. UMBSEN & CO., 14 Montgomery St.
SUNNY COTTAGE: 5 ROOMS; BATH: BA*E-
• »J ment; yard: rent cheap. Dolores and Fifteenth
(jnir: NICE COTTAGE 5 ROOMS: BATH;
■ <351« J. sonny, yard: cellar. Key 711 Treat aye.
FLATS TO LET;
A SH AYE., BET. LAGUNA AN D BUCHANAN
Asis.: new fliat: 4 rooms and bath. Apply to
C. a CAPP & CO., Heal Estate Agents, 415 Mont-
gomery st.
HAVES. BET. WEBSTER AND FILLMORE:
3 rooms and bath; rent low to a good tenant:
key there; rent «8. Apply to C. S. CAPP <t CO.,
Real Estate Agents. 416 Montgomery si.
6 AND 7 ROOM ELEGANT FLATS; RE-
daced from 925 to $16 and 918. SPECK &
■ CO., 602 Market su
\\J HY NOT BUY A HOME INSTEAD OF
• ' pay in; rent? owing to bard times we will
tell 12 hornets, say $200 cash and balance same as
rent: price from $1500 up. bee SPECK <£. CO.,
t>o2 Market su
—300 VACANT FLATS AND HOUSES, 98
• to $200; 20 new ones now ready. SPECK &
CO., 60 2 Market st.
1 ' "I QI MISSION ST., NEAR ELEVENTH—
IIJIO2 Bay-window flat: 6 large, sonny rooms;
bath; laundry: rent, 922.
HANDSOME, SUNNY, NEW, ROOMS; ALL
XX modern; cheap rent. 2927 Sacramento st.
AT ICE SUN>Y FLAT: 6 P.OOMS; RENT
XI .cheap. ] 307 Pacilic st.
UPPER AND LOWER FLATS; 5 ROOMS
and bath: yard; 918, 915. 12 shotwell, near
Fourteenth.
C-.l'a ■ CLEAN FLAT: DOUBLE PARLORS;
OIT. bath. 41 Hermann st Junction Market
and Valencia.
° j.l j UPPER FLAT 6 BOOMS*, BATH; COR-
tlrl'i. ner. Apply Twenty-fourth and Florida:
grocery.
r. 1 o FRANKLIN— SUNNY FLAT, 8 ROOMS:
1 1 •') an modern improvements. Next to cor. of
Golden Gate aye-
JiiQ UPPER FLAT 6 ROOMS AND BATH.
<JJ)1O. 135 Fair Oaks, near Twenty-third.
TT'LEGANTLY FURNISHED FLAT IN THE
X-i sunn y belt of the Mission; to a permanent,
respectable tenant; the rent will only be $20 per
month. Apply to KiNG <fc HOkNBLOWKR, at-
torneys- nt-law, cor. Larkin and McAllister sts.
C. 1. 7 LOWER FLAT; 6 ROOMS; BATH;
Oil. large garden. 238 Thirteenth st.
<2»9n BEAUTIFUL FLAT OF 6 ROOMS;
•^ % — \J . bath and all conveniences. 625 Vailejo.
1 fin 9 steiner— lower sunny flat
' XUU— of 6 rooms; modern Improvements.
1 A(\Q. CALIFORNIA, NEAR HYDE— NICE
X iIJO sunny flat, 5 rooms and bath; rent 9^5.
UN NY FLAT; 4 LARGE BOOMS AND BATH.
Inquire leltf Jackson st.
T\T ICE CORNER FLAT, 5 ROOMS BATH;
XI cheap. 725 Weoster st., corner Fulton.
. 1
](<ir GROVE ST., NEAR LYON— UPPER
• 1010 flats: front parlor, bedroom, kitchen, gas,
bath, 912: also 3 sunny rooms, 97.
"VTICE FLAT OF 5 ROOMS; BATH AND MOD-
Xl crn conveniences; reasonable rent. 421 Lyon
St., near Hayes.
qi 7 DOI\E-FLAT OF 4 SUNNY ROOMS;
OX I rent 99-
C.-1 A FLAT 4 ROOMS, HALL, DOUBLE PAR-
OIU. lors; yard. 1606V3 btevenson St., near
Eighteen h.
•VTW. COR. PACIFIC AND HYDE: NICE SUN-
*\ ny flat; 7 rooms; bath; unfurnished.
LEG ANT NEW SUNNY CORNER FLAT OF
. Hi 7 rooms and bath; all modern improvements.
794 Halghi SU . .
4 -ROOM FLAT; FEDERAL PLACE, OFF FED-
eral bt.; to a tenant without children; 910 per
month. Key at 639 second st.
c»/» REAR COT 1 AGE: 3 ROOMS; NO CHIL-
OO. dren 715 Tehama st.
[ CONST S-aOOM FLAT. THE MAYBELLE.
I O 202 Grove St., cor. Van -Ness aye.
> fiHEAP MODERN FLATS, 5 AND 6
' \J rooms. 98 to 916; see them. 538 Seventh st.
FLAT: 6 ROOMS AND BATH: SUNNY BELT:
915 per mouth; 2810% Mission su Apply 844
. C'app st.
, q» 1 D AND 920: MODERN FLATS, & AND 6
ylO room*. 94 and 96 Belcher at., near S. end
• Flllmore. "
' *1 A LOVELY BUNNY FLAT 5 ROOMS.
«2)Xt. bath and gas. 3828 Nineteenth St., beu
No* and Sanchez.
1 PLATS TO tUCNT Fun VKRY LITTLK
money at BAi-iJWL.\ at, HAMM.OJS"!/* 111
.Montgomery st.
ACT™T?fn*. KB 5 CENTS _THi»
-rv V, EEKLY CALL, in wrapper, for mallinjt.
HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS. '■
Broadway. ■' —-^- ,
*• 1
AAQ -HOUSEKEEPING '
IKJO rooms, nicely furnished; also single rooms.
Bryant street. '
El 1 BRYANT. Ni AH THIRD-SUNNY '
OX X front suite: 99 per month.
Eddy Street.
Ql 7 EDDY— FRONT, CONNECTING HQUSE-
''I I keeping rooms; gas stove; private family;
best location.
Ellis Street. .
Q*>n KLLIS— 3 SVALL ROOMS FURNISHED
OOKf for keeping; in rear; cheap. .
. * * x mil street;.
['" Cl FIFTH- LOWER FLAT: OR. BED-
•)1 room and kitchen; elegantly and completely
1 furnished. 920. '
1 (\n FIFIH -PLEASANT UNFURNISHED
XUI rooms o let. ' :
«J9^. FIFTH— CLKAN FUi. MSHED HOUSE-
O^i) keeping: 2, 910: 3, 913; single, 95.
. 1 uikom stree.. I
cnt FOLSOM-LARGE FURNISHED ROOM;
O£O ligut housekeeping: 91 50 weekly.
inn FOLSOM — 2 SUNNY CONNECTING
I*ll rooms, complete; separate entrance; 2 :
unfur'jlsJaeJ. '
HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS — Continued.
Hyde Street.
9QA HYDE-BACK PARLOR: COMPLETE
■^ OU lor housekeeping: rent 910.
beamy street.
9QA KEARNY— -i OR 3 ROOMS, FURNISHED
OU for housekeeping; coal or gas stove.
■ i.b.vi^ln > rnu-
A9Q LARKIN-N-ICELY FURNISHED SUN-
'tit' ny rooms for housekeeping, with grate,
running water; terms to suit the times.
l.t»ivis Street.
1 n LEWIS. OFF TAYLOR, NEAR POST-UN-
ID furnished room, kitchen; newly papered; 98.
Howard Street.
IH7A HOWARD ST. - WELL-FURNISHED
IK) IK) sunny frontsulte and kitchen; bath; 91&.
McAllister Street.
A qfl MCALLISTER— 2 OR 3 FURNISHED
'i __ rooms for housekeeping.
jjjunrt >tre«s.
"Ad MINNA —FURNISHED ROOMS FOR
O"lD housekeeping.
Montgomery Street.
CO/7 MONTGOMERY. COR. CLAY — OPEN
OZ I until 9:3 o'clock; brarch office of The
C all; subscriptions and want ads taken.
0111 a Street.
rrr NATOMA— 2 SETB HODSKKEEPING
000 rooms; rent $8 and $10 per montn.
nf\K NATOMA-2 OK 3 FURNISHEDFRONT
DUO rooms for housekeeping; hot water; single.
O'l-arretl atreo;.
AOI O'FARRELL— OR TWO ROOMS
TxO 1 for light housekeeping.
Fine Street.
mWO OR THREE NKWLY FURNISHED
X rooms; gas; bath; In modern flat. 841 Pine su.
second Street.
91 7 SECOND — LARGE SUNNY FRONT
—li room; use of Kitchen; housekeeping com-
plete.
Stockton Street.
1 QOA. STOCKTON— 3 SUNNY ROOMS FUR-
JLO.£U nished complete lor housekeeping; 910:
Hilli Street.
i-i'A SIXTH, COR. MINNA-3 OR 4 FINE
110 sunny rooms, furnished complete for house-
keeping, with use of piano.
Sutter Street.
709 BUTTER, NEAR JONES — NICELY
<•)— furnished rooms for housekeeping: cheap
rent.
Twentieth Street.
Q£>99 TWENTIETH, NHAR VALENCIA— 2
OU— ..»- sunny rooms furnished for housekeeping.
Webster Street.
7"! 1 YVEBSTi-R— 2 OR 3 LARGE ROOMS,
XX furnished or unfurnished; housekeeping.
Miscellaneous.
ELEGANT RESIDENCE — THREE FUR-
nished housekeeping rooms; one Is a double
front room: in a fine neighborhood; 928. Inquire
from 12 to 1 p. m. or 6 to 6 P. M., room 202,
Sprackels building. 927 Market st.
/CHEAPEST AND BEST IN AMERICA— THE
\J WEEKLY CALL, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for 31 50, post-
ace free.
ROOMS TO LET.
California street.
rpHE VICTORIA, NW. COR. CALIFORNIA
land Hyde — Newly furnished 'rooms: suite or
single: rents reasonable: dining-room to rent.
Clay Street.
8 UNFURNISHED ROOMS TO LET FOR
housekeeping; rent moderate. 1249 Clay su
Eddy Street.
•J I Q EDDY— NEAT, SUNNY' ROOM; RUN-
XX ning water; for gentlemen: 96 50
;- QfV EDDY* — SUNNY FRONT DOUBLE
OOU room; 97; housekeeping If desired; or
single.
/•I Q EDDY- LARGE FRONT Ba INDOW
OX o room: large sunny back room; large clos-
ets. .
* Ellis Street.
ROYAL HOUSE, 126 ELLIS — INCANDES-
cent lights in every room; reading-room, don-
taining daily papers: smoking-room and ladles'
parlor; opeu all night: rooms per night. 35c to
91 50: week, 92 to 98: month. 98 to 930: fire es-
capes; elevator on office floor; annex of 65 rooms
now ready .hot and cold water in each room: baths.'
rpHE KAMONA, 130 ELLIS, MRS. KATE S.
1 HART, manager— A quiet house: centrally lo-
cated; newly furnished: eievator; hot & cold water.
79 1 ELLIS— LARGE SUNNY ROOM, SUITA-
' I L> 1 ble tor 1 or 2; rent 97. \
Eighth Street.
CHERMAN APARTMKNT HOUSE. 28 BTH
0 St., near Market; furnished and unfurnished.
Fifteenth Street.
1 fiQ^ FIFTEENTH, COR. VALENCIA— 2 OR
IUC/«J 3 sunny unfurnished housekeeping
rooms: bay-window; grate; bath; references.
1 oltom Street.
7 Aft l FOLSOM, NEAR FOURTH— NICELY
I w'.)2 furnished sunny double and single rooms;
every convenience.
Fulton Street.
3 FULTON (FULTON HOUSE), OPP. CITY
Hall— Elegant suites; ningles; transient.
tifearv Stree —
?: -I 0 GEARY— SUNNY BACK PARLOR: USE
■ 'JO of piano; running water; other rooms;
board.
m GEARY— ELEGANT ROOMS; NICELY
furnished ; rent reasonable.
£A 9 GEARY, NEAR JONES— LARGE FUR-
\J\) £ nished room; 97; private family.
inn GEARY— LARGE SUNNY FRONT AL-
"i — U cove suite; other sunny rooms; running
water.
Hickory Avenue.
100 HICKORY AYE.— 3 NICE ROOMS;
100 hall: yard; water; r nt 99.
Howard Street.
QCiCi HOWARD— FURNISHED ROOM:*SUIT-
V\J\J able for a gentleman. MRS L. DEAN.
(i s HOWARD CORNER SIXTH— NICELY
*'O> 1 iurnished snites, 93 50 a w<-ek: single beds,
$1 25 to 91 50; double, 91 50 to 92 50 a week.
1O||')B HOW.'RD, COR. FOURTEENTH—
lOUO Large sunny bay-window; elegantly fur-
nished : private family. '
• Uyde Street.
7 HYDE-SUNNY ROOM B TO BENT; FUR-
I nlsbed or nnturnlshed.
«)ess*e street.
nc)-\ 1 JESSIE, EAR SEVEN TH— 4 ROOMS:
OZlg rent 99.
Jones Street.
OA7 .TONES— THE \aN WINKLE: NEW
—" I management.; elegant sonny suites and
single: n-wly furnished: bath, etc : $10 to BSO. .
Kearny Street.
A ISLINGTON HOUSE, 127 KEARNY —
xi. Pleasant sunny rooms, en suite and single; first
class in ever- respect: term < reasonable. -
VTi-.WAVK.MJJS iIOLSh, 904 KEAK.NY ST.,
Xi corner Jackson— single 100 ms 15, 20, 25. 60
cents per night: special ra:es per week or month.
1/JUritin street.
Q97 LARKIN, CORNER GOLDEN GATE
o^l aye.— Pleasant furnished or unfurnished
sunny rooms.
Leavenvonn atreet.
IAI LEA VENWORTH - FURNISHED OB
■mi' unfurnished room : separate en. ranee,
Lily A venue.
lOn LILY AYE. -NICELY FURNISHED
J.OO front single room: cheap.
Mai ket Street. "•«'•
Y OBEMJT'"! HOUPK. 1045 MARKET- TBB
X night. KSo In »1 : week. *1 50 10 96: families.
Mason Street.
A 1 n MASON, OPP. NATIVE SONS' BUILD-
- 110 ing— Furnished rooms to let; sunny, rea-
sonable.
31 inn a Street.
lAT MINNA, KB. SKCOND — FOR RENT,
XUX some nice sunny front rooms in private
house; rent reasonable.
AOI MINNA, BET. FIFTH AND SIXTH—
itjl Nicely turn shed front rooms, 95 a month
and up: hot and cold water baths.
(m.7 MINNA. COR. EIGHTH— EWLY FUR-
UU I nisbed bay-window rooms; 91 a week.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 27, 1897.
ROOMS TO LET— Continued.
• -ui.-Moii street.
HANCOCK HOUSK, 781 MISSION: SELECT
XX family rooming-house; .*1 50 1096 per week.
-1 i\(jO MrSaiON— FURNISHED FRONT PA
ivDO lols for light houseKeeping: other rooms.
1/;' I l MISSION _ NICELY FURNISHED
I Ot)i2 room; suitable lor gent'eman; reason-
able.
Ottavia Street.
1 'ffiQ OCTAVIA, COR. GEARY-2 SUNNY
ItIUO connecting bay-window, $18, or 3 rooms,
924; house keei'i'.ii.': furnished.
O'Farrell Street.
79 O'FARRELL - NICELY FURNIPHED
—"i parlors; also single: grate; gas; bath.
1 oik Street. -
-I 9fiC POLK, NKiR PUTTER — NICELY
XZi\JO furnished front room; terms reasonable.
Vowel 1 Street.
1 90 POWELL. CORNER O'FARRELL— FUR-
-I—d nished suite with folding doors: also single.
WILLISFORD — 212-214 POWELL— NEWLY
furnished rooms. ' . ;. - '. ;\ V, i >Vi
99c POWELL, CORNER GEARY—
£~*J furnished large sunny corner r00m. ,. "
M-comt Mice.
Q7 BECOND— WEBB HOUSE: ELEGANT
0 I furnished rooms. MRS. LINDSAY, Prop.
Mxth Street.
1 qi SIXTH-CHE A FRONT SUITE IN
XOg city; also other sunny rooms.'
qq SIXTH — QUIKT SUNNY EI?EHANT
00 rooms; nil conveniences; fireproof building.
1 9,' SIXTH — CHEAP; NICELY KUR-
-1 ~O nlbhed double and single sunny front rooms.
BRUNSWICK HOUSE. 148 SIXTH— OPKN
X> a 1 night rooms: 25c to $1' per night, 91 25 to
$5 per week. J. G. DRAKE, manager.
seventh Street.
"I AC) SEVENTH ST., GIRARD HOUSE—
XttZi gam furn. suites, kitchen; also single rooms
South Park.
I n SOUTH PARK— 2 NEATLY FURNISHED
1 U housekeeping rooms. $8: also single."
Stockton Street.";
rTHE EUROPEAN, 17 STOCKTON 8T FUR-
X nisbed rooms, en suite or single: hot, cold water
in every room: baths: elevator; transient solicited.
"I XI /' STOCKTON — NEWLY FURNISHED
l"ixU rooms; also 2 for offices; In a new hov e.
Sutter Street.
CAA SCTTER, COR. POWELL— SUNNY FTJR-
iJUI/ nished or unfurnished rooms. Tel. main
5375.
Taylor Street.
IAQ TAYLOR — NICE SUNNY DOUBLE
±\Jo rooms: »1 75 to 92 50 week. :•;■«
IAQ TAYLOR — SUNNY FRONT ROOMS,
1 "O newly furnished; reasonable.
'leliaina Street.
QAQ TEHAMA, NEAR • FOURTH— NICELY
DUO furnished sunny rooms; rent cheap.
Tenth Street.
I 1 7 TENTH-FURNISHED ROOMS TO LET.
Third Street.
1 HA* THIRD-LARGE, ELEGANTLY FUR-
-IUU> nished rooms, with fireplace; block from
Palace Hotel.
Valencia Strees •
C 1 A VALENCIA - NICELY FURNISHED
t)lu rooms; single or en suite; reasonable. -
\ feu Acts Aveuut,
1 Q VAN NESS AYE. —2- ROOM SUITE,
OXO complete for housekeeping, 914; also single.
"Webster Street.
Ql <b WEBSTER. NEAR MCALLISTER— j
0 " Bright sunny tingle room for gentleman.
Miscellaneous.
SW. COR. SIXTEENTH ST., NEAR MISSION: '
branch office of The Call, Subscriptions and
want ads taken.
BOARDING AND ROOMS.
7-1 r POST-SUNNY SUITES, WITH BOARD,
IXO or for housekeeping. ■ '
GEARY— 2 NIiWLY FURNISHED SUN-
*±O 1 ny suites, with boara ; terms moderate,
997GfcARY-NICKLYFURNISHI£DROOMS,
*-— > • suite or sincle; first-class dining-room; good
table: excellent service.
A A SIXTH *T.— THE MANCHESTER; ELK-
Ju gant furnished sunny rooms; fine table board.
A-\ 9 EDDY— LOVELY, SUNNY PARLORS
*±X and other rooms, with board; 920 np.
At\f\ BRYANT— FURNISHED FRONT ROOM
rtW with or without board.
CAA kddy — SINGLE room, SUITABLE
O\J\J for young man, with board; other rooms.
79- PINK (KENOVA) —Ni- W L V FUR-
-1 £tO nished suites and single rooms; service
strictly first class; references.
QAQ VAN NESS AYE -ELEGANT SUNNY
QUO rooms, en suite or single; excellent table.
©9A AND LESS— FIRT3T-CLABB ROOM AND
igiZ.\J board; central; co-operative D,. box 3, Ca11.
HDTKL B-:RTLI.\G. 714 B.SH-A FAMILY
hotel: reff renew, all modern conveniences.
CHILDREN BOARDED.
TrjIDDLE-AGED WIDOW WOULD LIKE TO
1»1 take an Infant to rear. Address A. \V., box
45, Call Office. ' .
STORES TO LET,
C 99 SIXTH-STORE, : 3 ROOMS, LARGE
«J — _ yard: rear entrance; rent reasonable.
ATOKTUEABr CORaER PACIFIC ANL.SAN-
-ii some sis.; handsome large corner store; cheap.
STORE WITH FIXTURES; LIVING-ROOMS
and cellar. 3552 Twenty-third su, next to cor-
ner Guerrero.
Cj9X STORE, 3 ROOMS. LIGHT CELLAR.
igiAO. 1128 Howard su, near seventh.
A I £• FOURTH-SMALL STORK WITH ROOM
iIU in rear: low rent. Apply to G. H. UMBSKN
& CO., 14 Montgomery st. .
ABBEK-SHOP. WITH BATHS: ESTAB-
JJ llshed 16 years: 918 per month; key at 539
second st.
( pent bop: 97 per month. 5De Boom St.:
key at 539 Se'ond st.
P.nmbing-shop; $6 per month. 8 De Boom St.;
key at 539 second m. ,
Corner store, 531 Second St.; 914 per month-
key at 539 Second st.
AT LOW RENT— PART OF STORE AND
ba-envnt. 824 P«ni' su
OFFICES TO lET.
T2^2^T^oL^r~T6^r~cXAT^T ; u^3aB^
XU ±O ont rooms for doctor or den isu
4R OM8; SEi OND FLOOR: SUITABLE FOR
office*. ' Inquire at 6^4 Marketnt.
DENTISTS.
TTIIHST-CLAS3 DENTISTRY; CHEAP: PAY-
X 1 able 91 week. CHAPMAN, 16th anri Mission.
fl>7 FULL SET OF It.t.TH WORTH 915;
«]pl . warranted 5 years: extraction free: tilling*
50c. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth st.
POSITIVELY PAINLESS EXTRACTION.
I DR. HARDING, COO Sutter; tel. main 5376. '
fIHALKANT & CHALFANT, MOVKD FROM
\J 8 Mason to 119 Powell; bridgework aspeclalty.
/^OLTON DENTAL ASSOCIATION, 806 MAR-
\J ket st. DR. CHARLES W. DKCKEK. ,
<2» 7 A SKT FOR TKETH-WAKRANTED A3
VP I good as can be made; tilling 91 DR slJlSul
dentist, 930 Market St., next Baldwin Theater.
PAIN KXTRACI'ION, 600; CROWN
X bridge work a specialty: plates 95 up: 13 year V
experience. R. L. WALSH. D.D.S.. 815% Geary.
R. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 M.ARKKT ST., NR.
Eleventh; no charge for extracting when
plates are made: old plates .made over like new;
teeth from 98 per set: extracting 50c: gas given.
XT Of TEEIH WITituUT APLATJt DR.
a. O. Yonng, 1841 Polk st. • ;>.'■ .>
DX. J. J. LKJSK, 1206 MARKET. COR. GOLDEN
Gate aye. ; open evenings; Sundays till noon.
nROOMB DENTAL ASSOCIATION. 769 MA ;
«t™ e >M fc nd *'"?5 6as specialists; palnlew
extracting, with gas, 91; plates. 95 np: fill, 91 up.
R. GisOSUM W. LEEK. THK : GKNUINB
Leek dentist, discoverer of painless extraction
and patentee of . unproved bridge work or teeta
without any plate, moved from 6 to 2OU'Farrelli6.
ALL WORK REASONABLE : AND WAfi-
ranted. DR. J. W. KEY. 1122 Market st.
."■ ■ ■ . tiJiANCUL. ■ ■■• - : / ; • ■ '
Bankbooks CAT. savings AND LOAN— i
will buy. B. 70, 916 Market st., 8. F.
PERSONALS.
MR, JESS RASSMU-SEN, AGED 26 YEARS,
a native of Denmark,- is' requested to com-
municate with' his aged mother. AIRS. MARIE
MILLr. X, 219 Francisco St., city.
JL. WISHES ADDRESS OF R. L. ; MISSED
. appointment. Old number.
TNFOBMATI"N OF THE WHEREABOUTS
1 of O. M. SicCLOUD and wife, last beard or were
In Oakland in 1894. Write C. S. SAMUELS. »N,
New Atlantic Hotel, San Francisco, g
THE COPARTNERSHIP HERETOFORE X-
X iating between W. T. RObINS -N and A. F.
•W.>UE under the firm name of Central Hardware
and Too; Co. at 12 First st, was dissolved January
1. 1897, business now being conuueted by A. F.
WADE. . . -, t .
HAVE YOU TRIED
DR. SMITH'S ELECTRO • MAGNETIC
BATHS
For those rheumatic pains that cause you so
much suffering? You oou't need to suffer an-
other d»y.' The cure is simple, the remedy pleas-
ant an a comfort always follows, ' One trlai will
benefit you Don'; forget the place. H slenlc
board and sunny rooms if desired. Coma to-day
to 1533 BUCHANAN --T. Consultation tree, 1 to
3 and tt to 8; Sundays 10 to l'J.
1 HAVE BOUGHT OUT ALL THE RIGHT
■I and title of W. T. Robinson In the Centra;
Hardware and Tool Co. All accounts are payable
to me. A. F. WaDE, 12 First st.
PRIVATE DETECTIVE WORK DONE
X reasonable; 10 years' experience: all matters
strictly confidential. Addreai or call, 2.'3 Steven-
■Oi. 81. G. K. WEBSTER. :. -
ME. PEARL SHELDON, CARD READKR,
has returned. Call after 12, r.17, 120 Ellis si.
ADVICE FRKE; DIVORCE LAW A SPEC-
/»- ialty: private; no fee without success; pro-
bate, insolvency, wills, collections, bills of sale,
damages, etc. : private detectives; estab. 10 years.
O.W.HuWE, attyat-law, 850 Market.cor.Stocktn
OPERATIC CONCERT. OF PROF. JOS. GKE-
VE.N's pupils takes place on Wednesday, 27th
of January. 1897, in the Y. M. C A. auditorium,
Mason and Mils sts. : first part concur-, second
pan acting and sl'sging in costumes; beginning
11- 8 p.m.; tickets 50c, in all music s ores and at
JOS. (.RKVKN'S office. Murphy building, Market
ana Jones sts., rooms 121 122.
•*YV HAT js THE use MR. LKDKKER,"
' ' sad a lady, "of paying 60 cents to have one's
hair dressed only fairly, when you do it so excel-
len ly for only 25 cents?" And that's what I say.
Shampooing the bair and treating the scalp with
QUINONI hair tonic 60 cents. G. LEDKRER,
111 St. cktou st.
OLD GOLD BOUGHT: HIGHEST PRICES. O.
NOLTE, Jeweler, 222 u'Farrell st., nr. Mason.
QTUTTERING AND STAMMERING CURED;
0 obesity need upon new and scientific prin-
ciples. 1156 Broadway, Oakland, room 25.
DR. SMITH'S CATARRH CURE GUARAN-
teed to stop that catarrh: 50c. 1533 Buchanan.
LAURA DE FORCE GORDON. ATTORNEY
at law. 1236 Market, over J. J. O'Brien's.
METROPOLITAN I'ETKCTIVK BUREAU,
iU Parrott building, Over Emporium; offices, 540-
-641: hours 14 m. to 12 p. M.; tele. Mint 1471.
FAINTING. WHITE ING, PAPERING,
X etc. ; times are hard- must have work. F. ED-
WARDS, 1200 Webster sU. cor. Eddy. ■
1/WWI CARDS, 9150. SHOW CARDS. ETC.
IUUU TeL Black 141. HILL, 22y Geary st.
0* 1 A DOZEN— FINE CABINETS a! WXL-
(JpX SON'S Gallery, 1028 Market.
AT THK PEOPLE'S ONK DOLLAR MEDICAL
J\- Institute, all cases treated and medicine* fur-
Dished for 91 ; call or »trite. 10i29V* Mar**, •*,
beu Sixth and Seventh, San Francisco. Cal. j
C 97 jaONTGOMEttY ST., BRANCH OFFICE
• )*- I of The Call; want ads and subscriptions
taken.
pARTINGTON'S bCHOOL OF MAG \ZINE
I and Newspaper Illustration: particulars as to
terms, etc.. 424 Pine at.; Illustrations '.uruighed
for magazines, newspapers, etc.
ARTISTIC HAIRUKEs>I.\-(), 25c; 925 FOR
cases of hair failing or dandruff i can, cure.
MBS. HUBBARD, 1104 Market st., room 28.
THE ANIMATOSCOP>, THE PERFECT
X screen machine. For price of hand or motor
machines call or address Anlmatoscope Company,
9j3 Market su, San Francisco, seventh floor.
DR.' C. K. FARNUM HAS MOVKD TO THE
Parrotc building, over Emporium, 3d fl., r. cOX
L>UPTURK AND PILKS CURED; No PAY
XV until cured: send for book. DRS. MAA'4
FIELD A PORTKRFIELD. 838 Market st.
MAGM^COPE — NEW PROJECTING MA-
chine; uses the klnetoscope rilnia; price 9260.
BACIGALUPI, 946 Market St.
\\r ALL PA 4C A ROLL; PAPER HANG-
" Ins. painting. etc., by contract or day's work, at
your own price. N.K JIKUIUAS, 1802 Webster su
L, IG OUTDOOR STERtOPTICON >HOW EVE-
X) ry night cor. Market and Sixth sts.; artistic ad-
vertisements In living light: promoters of busi-
ness, Consult OWL ADV. CO., 114U Market st.
ELt-CTRIO LIGHTS IN EVERY ROOM:
Winchester House. 44 Third st., nr. Market;
200 rooms, -'6c to 91 60 per night: 91 60 to (6 per I
week ; free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
AVK YOUR FKATHER-BEDd AND PlL-
lows filled. McC.aBK'S, 870 Mission, cor. sth.
DIVUKCi-. AND ANNLLMKNr OF MAR-
rlage; terms of payment, obliging; legal every-
where. .Address lock oox F, 9uti Market st,, S. P.
/CLOAKS. FURS AN 1> bU'ITS KETAILKD Al'
\J wholesale prices. Factory. 20 Sansome st.
DRESSMAKERS.
T^iM^iTiSfNT^TvßlinsS^rA^
V> vate pup Is in dressmtklng. D.. box 22, Call.
EDUCATIONAL.
T UCKHARDT'S COMBINED ASSAY OFFICE
J-J a.d School of Instruction (Incorporated);
PKA« TICA.. and. DIVIDUAL instruction in
the latest improved methods In assaying, analysis,
electroplating, CYANIDE process, etc.; SPKCIAL
ATTENTION given to caieful a say and analysis
of ores, waters, etc. ,26 O'Farrell at. ; elevator. .
A SCHOOL OF PHYSICAL CULTURE AND
Elocution, 1216 Oc*avla st., San Francisco,
MISSKLIZA MAi KINTOSH, pupil of Professor
G. W. Baynham, Glasgow, Scotland, and gradu t«
of the school of Oratory, PhlUdelph a, Pa.,
teacher. - 1 llice days, Tuurs. and Sau p. at.
HEALD'B BUSINESS COLLKGK, 24 POST—
Bookkeeping, business practice, shorthand,
typing, telegraphy, languages, English branches,
electrical engineering: 'M teachers: 15.0U0 gradu-
ates; day and evening sessions; catalogue.
AYUKS 1 , THE LEADING COLLEGE, 82*
Montgomery st. ; Individual instruction la
shorthand, typing, bookkeeping, telegraphy, etc
lite scholarship 950: l«w rates vet week and ma.
"t"»LO(.'UTION AND DRAMA; I EI.SARTE
Xli thoroughly taught; appearances arranged: 1 to
BP.M. OL..VE HOFi-SCHRUi-.DEtt,Vi99Hydest.
BKLASCO'S LYOKTJM SCHOOL OF ACTING—
Private ricals arranged; pupils rehearsed
on stage. It 6 and 12, 1.0.0. F. block, 7th and Mku
"OOOKKKEPINO.THOROUGHLY IN 6 WEEKS
XJ or year's course free; only accountant teaching.
TARR, room 672, Parrott Emporium building.'
STIEHL'B SHORTHAND AND BUSINESS
College, 723 Market st. ; stnaents trained : office
situations secured: lowest rates or credit for tuition.
ENGINKKRINU SCHOOL; MKCH.. KLKIi,
XU civil, mining, survey, assay, archiu. X ray
taugin,;es.lB64. VAN DER NaILLJj.N.723 Mkt
ÜBSCRIPTIONS AND WANT ADS FOR THE
Call taken at branch office, 339 Hayes St.;
open until 9:30 o'clock.
SINGING; PIANO: PARIS GRADUATE;
French, German languages: 92 mo. 109 Taylor.
EO COOPER'S SCHOOL OF ACTING, DANC-
ing, voice, pantomime, stage. 814 Geary st.
ANJO. PIA.NO. MANDOLIN AND GUITAR
thoroughly tanght; lessons 50c 125 Tenth st,
OICK, DRAMA. ORATOKY: PRIVATE AND
class. Prof. Ross, Uonohoe bldg;l2 to 1, 7 to 8.
PROF. L. RAN KIN — VIOLIN. MANDOLIN
1 mandola;terms reasonable. 225Geary,nr.Poweli
p UITAR, MANDOLIN. P»ANu AND VIKJaL
VX lessons. 93 mo. ,Mary Westhau*. 39 Fifth.
L)OOKKPNG. WRUNG, ARITHMTC. GRAMR,
iJdav A night: no clause*: 95 month. 845 Mission.
LOST.
MONDAY: LADY'S GOLD HUNTING-CASE
watch, chatelaine and charm; reward. 715y a
Te ami st. : >', . -J ■'■■■) \ ' ..■.....■;'',•••-■■-.; ■■■_, ._ ■ *,
LOST— LARGE ST. BERNARD BITCH: OR-
J ange and white. Reward at 3418 Sacramento st
LOST; PURSE WITH 2 BABY RINGS. RE-
turn 615 Leavenworth st.; reward. :
LOST— LADY'S GOLD ENAMELED CHARM,
J set with one good-sized diamond. - Finder will
be rewarded by retur ins: same to room 92, Chron-
icle buildltiK, care of JAMES C JORDAN.
I OST— IN OAKLAND, On^PIEDMONT CARS
J or Hillside aye., a lace haadkerchlef. Return
to drugstore under Grand Hotel and receive re-
ward. ; ■ .• ; . ;"■'■■■ V.. ■ / "'".'■ .'
TJ RANCH OFFICE OFTHB CALL. 167 NINTH
X> st.: v. want ad- and subscriptions taken.
[ ;* ;' ' v found. .
T/OUND-ONE MARE AND COLT. APPLx
X 15 Laidley at. , . \ .
OUND — ST. BERNARD DOG. : OWNER.
_ call at 1314 Eroderick st. . /
1 ARGE BLACK DOG; CURLY HAIR. FOR
■Li further information, 200 Golden Gate aye.
CITY EEAL ESTATE.
TJUY A LOT
IN THE HEYMAN TRACT.
»5 A MONTH. ... $5 A MONTH.
As a special offering; we will for the next 30
days sell a few of the choicest lots In the Heyman
$450 EACH. ;.'■'-"• 8450 EACH.
96 A MONTH. - $5 A MONTH.
Lots are finely situated, 25*118 each, command
Ing grand view of the c.ty, an.i 22d-st. electric car-
only half a block distant. They are level and
ready to build on. _____
Buy now. Only 17 of these lots to be sold.
They will soon be gone.
Taie 22d-sU car, ride to Hoffman aye., ask for
James A. Co.ter and he will show you around.
JACOB HE Y MAN. owner,
11 Montgomery st.
<£ 1 fk c ft /V COST $15,000 4 YEARS AGO;
J u.t)UU. rented lor $78: magnificent cor-
ner residence near the p.tniiaudle, containing 12
rooms anU all modern improvements: a splendid
bargain. H. MUt.PHY, 6^'B Market st.
"VIEW HOUSE; ONLY ONE LEFT; 2849 FILL-
xl ' morest.: will cell cheap; built by day's work:
■furnace heat: . unobstructed marine view; good
la vestment; house open.
CC. BEMIS, *
. REAL ESTATE AND LAND AGENT,
324 MONTGOMERY ST.
FOR SALE.
Choice building lot on Army and 27th sts. ; doss
to electric road. ■ •
$450— s^n Carlos Villa lot: 100x150 feet.
$6700— 50x127 :6 feet on Jackson St., overlook-
ing the PretAdio and bay. • .
$6000—2 modern houses of 8 rooms each at
park; 25x137:6 feet; electric roaa passes houses:
make offer.
$8500— Elegant NW. corner of Cole and Carl sts.
$300— Choice building lots north of park. ■ '
Bargain— W. cor. Fifth ay. arid 0 St.: 109x95,|t-
9HfM } HOCSK OF 3 ROOMS; LOT 25x140;
tIp^UUU. will exchange for improve I or un-
improved country properly; mortgage $900 at 7
per cent. 1402 Valencia St., cor. Twenly-ntth. f
Q I li(\(\ WILL BUILD A FIRST-CLASS 6-
»„ lut)" room and basement cottage; porcelain
bath; wood mantels: brick oandation, etc., com-
plete. $1450 for 5- room cottage. - Call and see
plans, specifications, etc: same submitted for any
kind of building. VV.W. REDNALL, builder,
2312 Market St., near 14th. '
g>jnAf| $4000/ $4000.
tJpiUUU. On eas7 terms; $500 cash, t a mice
monthly installments; new 2-story modern house
of 6 rooms and bath; California St., near 6th aye.
Owner on premises or a - >ply to SHAINWA'D,
BUCK BE & CO., 218-220 Montgomery St., Mills
building.
BARGAIN.
Must be sold— 2 large houses, renting for $60
per month: double lot, 60x80; on the norlli line
of Brannan st., bet. Ist and 2d; cheapest property
on the market. For price and terms, apply to
MADISON & BURKE, 626 Market St.
V"OR >ALE ON EASY TERMS-MODERN
-T houses on Masonic aye. and Waller st. : honsei
contain salon parlors, dining-room, bllllard-room
and 6 large bedrooms, bath, kitchen and laundry;
rooms beautifully decorated; sun In every room;
see them to-day. Take tlalgbt or Ellis street car,
tet off at Masonic t>ve.; owner on premises.
nnn FOR > ale or exchange.
tJiTiVV/v/. New cottage on 23d a ye. East Oak-
land; 6 rooms and bath: high basement; br.ck
foundation; bay windows; lot 5-Jxl6o.
ii. H. UMBSEN & CO^
14 Monteomery st.
MONET TO LOAN.
<cQnn t\(\C\ atbv* PER cent on CITY
«]pG\.'U."U\/ real estate: also Oakland, estates,
life Insurance, second mortgages, any sum. Man-
hattan Loan Co.. 10 Mills building, ground floor.
A— PHIVATK AND RESPKCTABLE, WITH
very light interest, Is the secret of our success.
Cut-rate . oan Office, Flood building, room 7, en-
trance »09 Market st.
IGHLY RESPECTABLE AND PRIVATE
place to obtain the most I beral advances on
diamonds and jewelry at trie very lowest rates.
Baldwin Jewelry Store, 948 Market. •;3fl|Eflp
ANY AMOUNT; IST. 2D;OR 3D MORTGAGES,
estates, undivided Interests, real estate in pro-
bate; furniture and piano* without removal.
McCOi,GAN, 24 Montgomery at., room 3.
DIRECT ON YOUR FURNITURE OR PIANO,
no removal: no delays: no commissions: low
Interest. Km. 68, l'onoliu-) bids, 1170 Market si.
0139^ t\f\ft AT i!A - NK KATES: IST AND
tJpO«^«J.vJVJU 2d mortgages, estates, rents, eta;
It- cd as low as f 5O. H. MURPHY, 628 Market St.
UfHY PAY HIGH INT. ON I-MALL LOANS?
"» We loan at 55c Interest per mo. on each $100
on 2d mortgage; any security. Gold, box 4, Call.
ON FURNITURE; VERY LOW INTEREST;
\J no commission. SCRIBNER, 7 City Hall aye.
P.IVAIK PARTY LOANS ON ANY GOOD
security: low Interest. H.D., box 160, Cu1l Office.
MONEY TO LOAN ON REAL ESTATE: ANY
amount. WILLIAMS, 214 Pine St., room 3.
<n.-f\ TO $50,000; LOW K»r I.ATi.: I>l <fc -'U
t£}O\J mortgage; Hat orinstlmnL Dryden, 535 Cal.
ADVANCES ON DIAMONDS. JEW
(oiumhla Loan & < oiluti*ral Office. 9 'runt aye.
PAWNBROKERS.
A DVANCESONDIAMONDS.JEWKLRY, SlL-
xx verware, pianos ;lovr rates. Loan, 13STaylor
HIGHEST PRICE PAID FOR lAHI Off
clotblni. < osn!ono'lt«n I o*n Offlco. 49 Third.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, THE WORLD'S MOST
famous medium of modern times. Don't fail
to see her if you are Interested in the affairs of life;
if marriage, sickness, deaths, changes, travels, di-
vorces, separations, lawsuits, business transac-
tions, wills, deeds and mortgages, lost or stolen
I property, lost or absent friends, interest you: If
you' care to know what you should do to be suc-
cessful, where you should go and whom to avoid,
when to buy and sell stocks, etc.; in a word, what-
ever may be - your trouble, suspicions or desires,
call on this gifted woman and she will send you
away happier, wiser and bolder than ever b fore.
Hours a a. it. to B p. if., strict. N. B.— Sa lsfaction
guaranteed by mall, Send stamp for pamphlet,
i special terms. MRS. DR. F. CLaRK. 1206 Mar-
ket at., Darlors 25 and 26. Take elevator.
MME. DR THOMAS, SCIENTIFIC REVEAL-
er by eggs and cards; tells entire life, past,
present, future; consultations on all affairs; . noth-
ing excelled; names given: good advice: sure
help; restores lost love by, Bvmpatny; mistake Im-
possible: fee 91: letter $2. 929 Post st., nr Larkln.
MME. PORTER, WONDERFUL CLAIRVOY-
ant card-reader: born with aoub c veil
and second sight; diagnoses diseases, with full lite
reading: ladies, 50c: tenM. 91; palmist «nd
clairvoyant sittings, 91 50. 126 Turn St., nr Jones.
ME. LENEMAR, FORTUNES TOLD BY
. planets; predicted "74" passengers steamer
Island. 815 Mission st.
ME. WALTERS OF TEHAMA; CARDS: LA.
di"», 25c: gents, 60c. 951 Mission, nr. 6th.
RS. DK AN— RETURNED; MEDIUM AND
mental healer. 605 Post st., room 1. ■
ME." MORE AU, BEST CLAIRVOYANT
and medium in city; fee 26c up. 764 Howard st,
*PSY LIFE -READER REMOVED TO 3
Seventh st, nr. Market; ladles 25c, gents 50a
MME HANsEN, PALMIST, CARD- KG A DER;
past; present and future; 26c. 148 6th st. , r. *.
ME. RAVRNAREADB LIFE FLUENTLY
business advice; names given; 25c up.s Ft u;th
MRS. B. BAUMANN, BKST- KNOWN CLAIR-
-Itl voyant in the city. Residence, 132 Turk st.
MME. BYBILLK TELLS FROM CRADLh. TO
grave: pictures eiveu: Indies V!sc: I 14 O'Farr.lL
SPIRITUALISM. ■
MRS. C. J. MEYER, CIR. TO-NIGHT, TUBS.,
Wed. and Frl., VP. m. ; trance cir., M on. and
Frl. eve., 25c: sittings dally. 32» McAllister st.
MME. OSMAN, BPIKITUAL TRANCE MEDI-
um; life readings, love affairs, business invest-
ments, mining speculations spi-cUlty. 838 Mission.
L-ENtFIT TO A. WORKE AT ST. GEORGE'S
j I > Hall, 909 Market St.: all welcome; Dr. H. St,
Clair manager; good music at 8 p. m.
mLARKIN, 8 P. M., PEOPLE'S a a
meeting; good talent; test circles. ■ :
SLATE-WRITING DEVELOPING SEANCE
to-nlght.2sc;Bltsdally. MR3. FUITON.3I Fell.
\'l RS. MAYO ST E KS, T«RAN( X MED I UM.
ii has resumed business: readings 91. 11- Oak.
EsT CIRCLK TO-NIGHT, . 15C; ADDIE
Swain and others. ;. 61 Fifth at.
rpEST MEETING 8 P. M., IOC; 835 MCALUS-
xterst.; btitt, Clemens; skeptics Invited. > -
MISS MAUD FOSTER, BUSINESS ME-
dium. room 8, 28 /£ >Ixth st.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, CLAIRVOYANT,
trance test medium & Ufa reader. 218 Stockton
AM. FRANCIS, INDEPENDENT SLATE
• writer. 118 Haleht su; hours 9 until 6p. m.
RS. &LLIS. MEDIUM; SITTINGS.9 TO B, 91;
circles Tops., Frl.. 2P. , if.. 26c. ; 233 Valencia.
. ASTROLOGY.
YOUR THOUSANDS TESTIFY I RE-
veal past and future; send 2f>c for character
sketch and diseases; birthplace; year, sex, month,
hour, a. m. or p. m. If possible. PROF. BaIKD,
Astroloeer. box 4 Be. San Jo c, Cal.
HYPNOTISM. 1
HYPNOTISM I SCIENTIFICALLY I TAUGHT;
success grtd.HrpnoticMesruericlns,6 O' Farre.l
COUNTRY SEAL ESTATE.
OQA ACRES GO( D LAND IN TUOLUMNE
£O\J Couutv : also 160 acres in MarlposaCounty:
; wood and water: U. s. patent: cheip for cash. Ad-
dress S. T., box 95, Call Office.
ANCH BAKOAIN: $5 PER ACRE;- 1280
acres timber; plenty water: excellent stock
ranch ; best part of Kern Co. 8., box 20, Call Office.
Ur ANTED— TO RENT A SMALL-IMPROVED
»' farm near enough to city to permit ■ of daily
attention to business; state particulars. Address
M., box 77, this office.
BARGAIN; GOOD HUME, $1200; 154 ACRES:
besi part of Monterey; 100 1 house, barn, pure
water: cultivated to eat: portion of crop to go
with ranch. D.. box 91, Call.
A T SACRIFICE: 6-RuOM COTIAGK; HARD
A finish ; bath; hot and cold water; sewered;
8-foot basement; lot &Uxlso; must sell immedi-
ately; part payment accepted, or will rent by the
year. Box 261, Haywards, CaL
T7ILEGANT VINEYARD; WOULD KX-
ELEGANT VINEYARD; 70, Columbia KX-
ch.an.fe; rare bargain. Rm. 70, Columbia bld^.
WANTED —IN KXCHANGE FOR « CITY
'» lodging-house clearing $200, improved conn-
try property: will pay part' cash. bPKCK & CO.,
6J2 Market st.
Lit ilk homes CLOSE to TOWN; IM-
Xj proved; easy terms: also 4 to 12 acre pieces
on a and 1 years' credit. D. H. TWIN G, So-
noma City: every Monday at 632 Market st., S. F.
BARGAIN— 26 ACRES CHOICE FRUIT,
hay, grain, winter veuetab es. $25 per acre;
83 acres rich soil, 4 flowing springs. $ 5 per acre;
18 acres, running water all the year soil very pro-
ductive, all fenced, $40 per acre, near Pleasamon,
Alameda County. Call or write, 67 Chronicle
building.
SEND FOR ILLUSTRATED PAMPHLET OF
California lands for sale Dy H. FRANCIS,
rooms 69-71 Chronicle building. San Francisco, Cal.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— OOB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
©9 r f\f\ CASH, WORTH $4000; NEAR LO-
£>.£.■ oUU cal; 8 rooms and bath West Oakland;
also bargain fur $2000, renting for $30 per month,
Central Oakland. WM. P. TODD, 1002 Broadway,
Oakland. %
\\r ILL BUILD 7- ROOM HOUSE ON LOT 40
'» xlso 10 suit buyer; well located: $400 cash;
easy Installments. Address A. L. TODD, Arling-
ton Hotel, Oakland. .
I'VE BEKN TOLD SO, BUT WOULD LIKE TO
investigate for myself— A handsome 5-room,
h gh-basement cottage, with bath, closets, pantry;
hard finished; very modern; line lot, and all com-
plete for $950; terms to suit your earnings; choice
lots also can be had for $76 and upward; streets
all graded ; electric roads near and line school-
bouse; Ailendale Tract, in Fruit vale, adjoining
East Oakland: climate, soil and view unexcel.ed;
conveyance free. 459 Ninth st., Oakland, H. Z.
JuNi-.s, owner. - ■
C«7^.TO $150 FOR CHOICE BUILDING
0 I O lots In the town of i"itchburg; a new sta-
tion established near Oakland, on the Hsyward*
and San Leaudro local line, by tbe Southern Pacific
Company; only 45 minutes from San Francisco
and 6 minutes from Oakland; electric-cars every
ew minutes; terms 10 suit • buyers. Apply to
C M. KUNKLK, owner, V)ls^i Washington sl,
Oakland, Cal. ,•-.-.: ..;..,
Hj» 1 tft LOT'S NEAR THE ALTENHEIM. IN
tip 1 O\J. Fruitvale; electric cars; only 81 down
and $1 a week; selling fast: good Improvements.
H. B. PI N.NKY owner. 902 Broad wav, Oakland.
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
1 Q(\(\ HOUSE OF 6 ROOMS; LOT 45 x
tip IUUU. 125; street work done: five m nutes'
walk to station. JOSEPH J. MASON, Berkeley
station.
PROPERTY TO EXCHANGE.
Eft HOUSES AND LOTS. FROM $200 TO
O\J $28,000: 100 ranches, everywhere, prices
I $300 10 $46,000 150 stores and business places,
from $50 10 $10,000 or sale or exchange.
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market St., opp. Fifth.
$1 7 C\C\[\ HOUSE OF 16 RUOMS ON 60-
-« Ip I i .V/UV./. vara lot, San Francisco, to ex-
change for ranch in the bay counties: very desir-
able property. GEO. W. HAIGHT, 220 Sansome.
QEND FOR OUR LIST OF ORCHARD HOME*
.7> for r«'« Woo^TK't A WHIT r1 -. s»n Jo .
MEDICAL.
A SURE. SAFE AND SPEED* CURE FOR
all female diseases; ladies may have the bene-
fit of the skill and attention of a physician of long
and successful practice. a home in confinement
with b' st care, with the privacy of a home and tbe
conveniences of a hospital. Those who are sick or
discouraged should call on the doctor and slate their
case. All consultation free and confidential. Sole
agent Rex Magnus, the great world- leno wed rem-
edy for home treatment. M.KS. DR. (jWYEIt,
226 Turk st. y ' .
R. J. H. JOSSELYN, THE GREAT SPECIAL-
-Ist, still offers his valuable services 'O ih» un-
fortunate, wih a mind matured »nd enriched by
studies of an advanced order, there is hardly a
disease in the catalogue of human Ills he cannot
treat 10 a perfect cure. Ladies, he Is always ready
to assist you. His Knowledge has been strength-
ened by extensive experience. No case peculiar
to your deliC'te organism Is beond his sure con-
trol. His female monthly remedies are sure and
safe In their effects. 11:8 tried and valuable reme-
dies for lost manhood are never-failing in their
action, and are warranted tor both youn* and old.
He excels all others I ■ cure of private diseases.
Over 50 years of practice enable* him to warrant
a cure in all cases. Consultation parlors. 906
Market st. Call or write direct to 906 Market at.,
rooms 11 and 12.
PROCESS THAT IS PERFECTLY HARM-
less: never fails In any case of monthly sick-
ness, no motter what cause; no elec rimy bum-
bug or other dangerous methods: money in every
case refunded if a cure is not effected: travelers
helped immediately; years* experience;- home In
confinement with sanitarian convenience. Con-
sult free the on reliable physicians, DR. AND
MRS. DaVIKS, 14 McAllls.er st., next Hibernia
Bank; hours, 9 a. m. to 6 and 7 to 8 p. M.
A PROCESS THAT NEVER FAILS TO RE-
A store every case of monthly sickness from
whatever cause in a few hours when medicines
and others have failed; do instruments used:
many years' experience: every case guaranteed;
advice free: terms reasonable; firsi-class prlvata
home for confinement. MRS. DM. DAIKV, llij
Market st., over the Owl Drag Store.
A NEW PROCESS— NO MEDICINE, INSTRU-
A ment or worthless pills used; every woman
1 faerown physician foral female troubles, no matter
from what cause; restores always in one day ;can be
sent and used at borne; at cases guaranteed: do
not trust Incompetent female physic ans. DR.
POPPER, the we.l-k.lown pioneer, ;-,18 Kearny st.
DR. . FOU LET'S FRENCH CAPSCLEB— A
guaranteed absolute cure for all female dis-
eases (no ma: what cause): positively safe and
sure; no dang r or after effects; taken in time Is
also acts as a preventive: price $1 60 per box;
sent free by mail on receipt of price. WALLER
BROS., 83 Grant aye. « . . .-. .
DR. AND MRS. WEGENER, 526 EDDY ST.;
private home with every comfort; separate
rooms before and during confinement; all female
complaints, skillfully treated; regular physician;
quick relief for travelers; best care; terms moder-
ate; consultation free; pills $2.
DRS. GOODWIN. SPECIALIST: LADIES,
Dear or far, safe, qu ck cure guaranteed; any
disease or complaint; home for patients; best skill;
free diagnosis; low fees; serf cure. 401 Van Ness
aye., flat D. ' • . > '
ALL CASES. OF MONTHLY SUPPRESSION
restored In a few hours; safety assured at any
time; instant relief for travelers: home in confine*
ment: consult free: confidential; hours. 10 o 5.
MRS. DR. WYETH. 916 Post St., near Larkln.
* LPEAU'S FRENCH PILLS— A BOON TO
A ladies with female troubles: no danger; safe
and sure; $2 60 express C. O. D. ; don't delay until
too late. O-GOOD BROS., Oakland, Cal.
DON'T FAIL TO CONSULT Dlt. JORDAN AT
his museum, 1051 Market St.: his 30 yean 1
successful practice is a guarantee of fair treatment;
the worst cases treated satisfactorily by mail.
<2» -Afl PAID FOX A !»K I fail to CURE
«Jp«JUU of female complaints or diseases of the
eye; consultation free. MRS. DR. SCOTI.BJS Geary
TVfICK PRIVATE HOME IN CONFINEMENT
XI at the most reasonable price In the city. MRS.
jsl PFEIKFER, midwife, 2012 Fo.som at.
U PRAK'"«'FEMALK REGULATING PILLS;
safe and ; efficient emmeriaeogue; $1 per box.
RICHARDS & CO.,druggt»ts, 406 Clay St., sole agts,
SF. LYING-IN (PRIVAT. ) HOMK; DI3
. : eases of women and children. 235 Kearny, r. 9.
OME, A FRIEND AND MOTuER'S CARE.
MRS. DR. FUNKE. 1416 Klghth St., Alameda.
1 F IRREGULAR OR ANY FEMALE DI-EASE
IF IRREGULAR OK ANY be content. Dl-EASB
see MRS. DR. J'l" X 1 / and be content. L&4U. 41a,
1 \H. HALL, 14 MCALLISTER STREET. NtAit
if Jones. Diseases of women and children.
." ATTORNEYS- AT-JLAW.
* DVICE FREE: DIVOKCE LAWS A SPEC-
iulty : private; no fee without success : probate,
insolvency, wil.s collections, bills of sale, de-ds,
damages, etc. ; private detectives: estab. 10 years.
G. W. HOWE, 850 -Market st, corner Stockton st.
A DVICK FREE; Ni> CHARGE UNLESS SUC-
ix cess Jut. J. O. JEFFRiOSS. 632 Market, rm.23.
W. KING, CHRONICLE BLDG; CONSUL-
. tation free: . probate all case's : : fees low. , : ,
ADVIOF FREE:' NO CHARGE UNLESS sUC-
cessful. W. W. Da VI 1»SOX- ' 927 Markets:.
• STORAGE. _,
STORAGE— CHEAPEST IN THE CITY: FlRE-
proof building; advances made.. 211 Larkin.
FURNITURE. PIANOS, TRUNKS: AD-
vancea, shippins. CliAa. L. XA YLOK.2Q4 PO4l.
BICYCLES.
MUST SELL AT A SA( FICE -LADY'S
bicycle; almost new. 32 5 Vis Bush st., rm. 20.
BEN HTJRB, BRAND NEW, $15; BARGAINS
in second-hand whies. DAViS BROS.,
cycle department, .5 Geary st.
A:\VEriK-U NEWS FOR 5 CENTS— TUB
A WEEKLY CALL. La wraDoer. tor mailing.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses have been
Issued by the County Clerk's office:
W. K. Whttlier and Elizabeth Carroll 27—
Hugo D. Keil and .-^erenn T. GooJali, 26-25.
Frame Wa sua 1 and .Nellie C. Murray. 26— 21."
N. C Coghlan and :-aMe M. Pearson, — -'0.
Kraitaues Wei hrows.il and JesdeCrniu. 23—19.
Elmo A. Arnolil and Nellie K. ViOKery. 21—20.
Amone F. Foltz and Lillian L. Daley, 27—20
E. H. Carpenter and Mar;-uei C. l:ose. 24— '12.
Vlncenzo^l'orrano and Glaisomma Vlto, 21—16.
John T. Dowlliik a*id Kate Smv h 31 — 22.
BlllTllS— MAUßlAtil^— iium
r Birth, marriage aud death notices sent br mall
will not bo inserted. They mast be banded tn a;
either of the publication offices and be indoriei
with the name and resldeuoe of parsons autnorlzei
to have the same published.
KOitX.
BAIRD— 25, 1837, to the wife of Charles
W. Balrd, a son.
BRAN DON- January 25, 1837, to the wife of P.
Brandon, a daughter.
RAPHAEL— In this city, January 24. 1897. to the
wife of George Rnph'ie!. a son
■HA-.il^O.
ARNOLD- VICKERY— In this city, January 23,
1897, by toe Rev. Dr E. R. Dill* Elmo H. Ar-
nold of San Francisco and Nellie E. Vickery of
Lompoc Cal. ■
CLARK.— PRITCUARD-In this" cltr. January
20, 1897, by the Rev. Dr. E. R. DUIe. Henry
Clark and Blanche D. Pritchard, both or San
Frnnclsco.
FIELD— .MURRA Y-In this cltr. January 9.1897.
by the Rev. Father Qulnn, George L. Field of
Prince EdwarJs Island, Canada, and lolia Mur-
ray of San Francisco.
_____
DIED.
Armstrong. Clyde F. James, Mrs. Harriet
Blake, William L. Korb, Edward
Blunu Phineas U. Law. William L.
Brow.i, Margaret J. ' Li-ahv. Cornelius J.
Crook, Henry L. . JlcKlbbla Walter J.
Dai ton, John P. Manderlein, Esther C
Dev.lu. Mark Mlchae.is. Dietrich F.
Dyer, Maria K. ■ Mock. Eliza A.
Faithful. Annie . Ferrine. Abble K.
Fletcher, Mrs. Harriet Shackleford, Elizabeth
Fries'.ebpn, Darnel N. Smith.' George
Gates, Mrs. Abigail E. Suoo'-:. Walter E.
Hutton, Chesley Sull.van, Harry P.
Wakelee, Angelica
ARMSTRONG— In this city. January 26.1897,
Clyde Francis Armstrong; a native or Rich-
mond, Vs.. aged 47 years and 10 months.
BLAKE— In this cltr, January 26, 1897, William
L., beloved husband of Catherine Blake, and
father of Herbert W. Blake, a'uativeo< New
York, aged 02 years. A member of Yerba liueua
l.o_?e No. 14. A O. r. W.
vSarNouceof funeral ii9reaft!>-
BLUNT— In this city. January 25,1^97, Phlneas
U., beloved husband of Susan h. Blunt, and
father of William G. and Juan P. Blunt, a na-
tive of New Hampshire, aged 87 years. . .
BROWN-In this city. January 26, 1897, Margaret
J., only and beloved daughter of James and
Martha Brown, a native of Sau Francisco, aged
5 months and 28 days.
CROOK-In this city. January 2«. 1897, Henry
Lawrence, beiovei son of I. Clark ami Helen
Crook, a native of San Francisco, aged 2 yean 1
months and 9 days.
DALTON— In; bis city, January 24, 1897. John
P., beloved husband of Kate Dallon, an I brother
of William and Kate Dalton, Mrs. R. O'Connor
and Mr*. J. H. Mahan, and son-in-law of .Mr.
aid Mrs. D. J. I rannan of Vallejo, a native of
San Francisco, aged 87 years and 10 months.
AST Friends and acquaintances are resoect-
fun Invited to a tend the funeial Tills DAY
(Wednesday), at 9 o'clock a. m., from his late
residence 31» Klllmore stree., thence to St.
Mary's Cathedral, where a solemn reauiem
mas) . will be celebrated for the reposd of
hU soul, commencing at 9:30 o'clock a. it. In-
terment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
DEVLIN— in this city. January 1897. Mark
Devlin, beloved husband of Ann Devlin, and
father of Mrs. J. O'Reilly and Phceoe, James,
Edward, Annie. John an 1 the late Mark C. I) v-
-11q. a native or county Tyrone, Ireland, aged 62
years 8 months and 19 Uatrs.
rienrls and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to atte id the fun-ral THIS DAY
(Wednesday), at J :'AO o'clock a. m.. from his late
residence, ocean View, thence to St. Michael's
Church, where a requiem high mass will be
. celebrated for the repose of his soul, commenc-
ing at 10 o'clock a. m. Interment Holy Crou
Cemetery.
DYER-In this city, January 23, 1897. Maria K.
Dyer, a native of New' York, aged 68 years ti
months and 6 days.
FAITHFUL— In El Verano, January 24, 1897,
A nnie, beloved wife of Edwin Faithful, a native
of London, England, aged 62 years 6 months and
9 days.
FLETCHER— In this city, at her residence, 330
Hayes street, January 25, 1897, Mr«. Hard t
Fletcher, a native of Manchester, England. 111
her 79. h year. , ; ■ ..
Jgrjr Friends are respectfully invited to attend
the funeral THIS DAY (Wednesday), at 'i
o'clock p. m.. from the t unrcn of the Advent,
Eleventh street, near Marke:. ' Interment
Cypress Lawn Cemetery, by 3:31) o'clock p. m.
train from Third and Townsend streets.
FRIESLEBEN— In this city, Jaiuary 25, 1897,
Daniel N.. beloved husband of Kill M. Frtea-
leoen, and father of Mrs. L. C.Jacobs of Oro-
vllle, Mrs. C. E. Brooking and Ruth E. and Har-
old M. Friesleben. and brother of Mrs. B. Philips,
a native o.' Bohemia, a^ei 64 years.
A3" Friends ar» repectfully Invuel to attend
the tunur* services THIS DAY (Wednesday),
at 2 o'clock P. m., at hit late residence, 222
Washington street. Remains to be shipped to
Oroville for Interment.
GATES— In Oakland, January 28, 1897, Mrs.
Abigail E.. widow of the late P. W. Gates of Chi-
cago, a native of New York, aged 76 years 3
months and 15 days.
HUTTON— In this city, January 35, 1897, Ches-
- ley, Infant son of Fred and Florence Hutton, a
native of San Francisco, aged i months.
JAMES— Januarr 26. 1897. Mr*. Harriet, widow
Of the late Dr. David James, and beloved mother
of David, Edward and Frank James, Mrs. Emily
de Beck,- Mr*. Julia Balcer, Mrs. Lucy Uaslreil
and Mrs Alice Ki.igsbury cooley, aged 85 yean
7 months and 22 days.
AST Notice of funeral hereafter.
KORB- In this city, January 26, 1897. Edward
Korb, beloved son or Lovlna Fitzgerald, and
stepson of the late Nicholas Fitzgerald, drowned
on the steamer San Benito, a native or San
Francisco, agej 20 years 10 months and 17 days.
X9~Friend3 and acquaintances are respect-
fuliv Invited to attend tne funeral To- MORROW
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock p. m., from his late
letuueuci. 419 Fremont street. Interment
Laurel Hill Cemetery.
LAW— In Oakland. January 21. 1897. William L.
Law, a native of Pennsylvania.
LEAHY— In this city. January 26, 1897. Corne-
lius J., ! belovul sou of li-nni-t J. and Nora
Leahy, a native of San Francisco, aged 1 year 11
mouths and 9 days
McKIB"BIN— In thlseltv. January 26. 1897. Wa-
ter'J., beloved son of Mary McKibbln. aid
. brother of William, David aad S-lby McKibnin.
a naive of San e'ranciscj, vie I 27 years. |Ne.v
York City papers please copy. )
4£S~Fri and acquaintances are respect-
fu.y invltel to attend the .uneral THIS DAY
(Wednesday), at i o'clock p. m., from the par-
lors of Cuaries J. B. .uetzier, 636 Washington
street, Interment Masonic Cemetery.
MANDERLEIN— In this city, Jaunary 25, 1897.
Esther Catherine, be:ov d daughter of Arthur
and Amelia Manderlein. a native of San Fran-
.Cisco, aged 3 months and 30 days..
Ml* HAELIS— In this city. < January 20, 1897,
. Dietrich Friedrich. beloved brother of Henry F.
Michaelis, a native of Germany, aged ■47 years
11 months and 3 days. ; .
jK*"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited 10 attend the funeral TO-MORROW
. (Thursday), at i clock p. m., from his late
residence. 3202 Mission street, corner Twenty-
eighth. Interment 1. 0.0. F. Cemetery. Please
omit flowers. :v ■•: '
MOCK— In Oakland. January 26. 1897, Eliza Ann
Mock, beloved mother of Mrs. -James Arm-
strong, < Mrs. Julia A. Nell, Mrs. F. M. Thomas,
Mr*. Clara E. Haddocks and Theodore. Charles
W. and Arthur Mock, a native or Virginia, aged
77 years ana 11 months.
PERRINE-In this city, Abbie E., beloved sister
of Susan X., Frances V. and M. J. Perrine, a na-
tive of Michigan, aged 56 years 7 months and
24 days.
SHACKLEFORD— In thU city. January 26, 1897,
.suddenly, Elizabeth Powtoski, widow of the
. late T. J. fhac.lef >rl. belovej mother of Kleta
bhacv.etord. daughter of Mr and Mrs. Will am
Hunter, and sister of Mrs. D. I- M D mad. bora
at Lxlngton. Mo., January 18, IS4B. .
JWThe funeral will take ulace TO-MORROW
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock p. m.. from the family
residence. ioo< Leaven worth street. Interment
Masonic Cemetery. .
SMITH— In the City an"i Countr Hospital, Jan-
nary 26," H97, Geor;e Smith, aged HI v<»ars.*
SNOOK— In San Jose, January .6, 1897, Walter
• E., beloved sun or Mary K. and the Lite K. K.
Snook, a native of CalHoraia, aged 35 years and
• 2 months. ;-;f5®«5f33^53K "
49-Notlce of funeral hereafter.
SULLIVAN— In this city, s January 26, 1897,
■ Harry Percival. dearly beloved son of Henry L.
and Jennie T. Sullivan, and dearly beloved
erandson of Mrs. Mary Mallon of StocKton,a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 6 years 10 months
aiid 3 days. ■ -j • « -- ■
WAKELEE— In this city, January * 25. 1897,
Angelica, widow of toe late 11. P. Wa<elee,
motuerof .vir*. G. A. Bromley, and sister of
. Wlillam and A, L. .Whitney. a,ed 60 yean..
aarFan.ral THIS DAY (Wednesday), at
2 o'cu>ck p. X., from Grace Church. Interment
private.
' McAVOY & GALLAGHER,!
FONKRAL DIJIKCTORS & EMBA LMKBS,
: SoJTlftbBt., Opp. Lincoln School.
'*■ . . ' Telephone 3080.
MOUNT OLIVET CEMETERY,
SAN MATEO COUNTY: . NEAREST CBMf>
tery to the city ; non-sectarian; in no sensa ex-
clusive; location unexcelled. OHice W7 ,&Lw*«f ■
tu«au souttma*!. coruec »' iiuu*
1314
A LITTLE FAMILY SQUABBLE
AGITATING THE FAIR HEIRS
The Attorneys for Mrs. (blrichs and Her Sister Think
the Prosecution of Cooney a Bad
Move.
EXECUTORS OF A LIKE
OPINION.
The Millionaire's Son Insisted en
It Despite the Protest of
Other Interests.
A NEW WITNESS IGUND FORi
MBS. CKAVEN.
Webb Saw the Bonanza King in Hsr
House on the Date of the
Marriage Contract.
Tuere is discord in the ranks of the Fair
lawyers and beirs. While all lined up in
the common cause against Mrs. Craven |
and her pencil deeds, they have taken to j
quarreling atnonc themselves over the
best way to defeat these documents.
Cooney is the rock upon which they
have split. The prosecution of the young
notary in the criminal courts was an inno
vation in the programme of the campaign j
against Mrs. Craven prepared just after j
Dr. Marc Levin^ston withdrew the famous i
pencil will. Tne groundwork of the cvi- ;
dence upon which the police are now :
seeking to convict Cooney of perjury was j
laid by the attorneys for the special ad- J
ministrators of the estate, W. M. Pterson, /
R. B. Mitchell and Garret W. Mc£n- I
erney. When detectives in the employ of j
these interests fell afoul of the records of j
the printing house of H. S. Crocker & Co. ;
the chestnuts they pulled out were to be
used not in a criminal prosecution of j
Coonev, but as a lever to duleat Mrs. Cra- !
yen's deeds in the civil litigation pending
before Judge Slack.
Captain Lees was atonce called in to aid
the cause of the estate. Every movement
of Fair on dates that have a vital bearing
on the big is-ues involved was duly traced
and chronicled. First of all Lees discov
ered tbat Fail was in San Rafael on Sep
tember 24, 1894u the day on which Mrs.
Craven says the dead bonanza king made
the pencil will in her house at 2uol Cali
fornia street, and handed her aeeds to
property worth $1,500,000 in the presence
of Mrs. Haskins. For a day or so the
cliief of detectives thought he had un
eartoed a mare's nest, but a -econd inves
tigation convinced him that Fair came to
ban Francisco during the day, returning
to the Marin County suburb in tne even
ing. There was more work along these
lines and the detective talent turned it
attention to Cooney and nis acknowledg
ments on the pencil deeds.
The Crocker printing-house story, as it
is now known, with its defective printing
defects, was the result of this labor. 'But
the discoveries which have since been her
alded with a flourish of newspaper type
by the Fair side of the case were originally
not to be made known at all. It was the
intention to spring them as a eort of mine
on Mrs. Craven, when she would be totally
unprepared for them, in the civil litiga- |
tion. The attorneys for the special ad
ministrators of the estate favored this
plan. So did .Reuben Lloyd and Russell
j. Wilson, the Jeeal advisers of Mrs. Her*
mann Oelrichs and Miss Virginia Fair.
It was Charles L. Fair, through his at
torneys, Knight & Heggerty, that jumped
over the traces. They were cognizant of
every move Lees and his detective force
made, and tne moment the Crocker story
was strung together they launched out in
the criminal prosecution of Coouey, in
spite of all sorts of protests on the part of
tne other attorneys in the case. McEner- |
ney and Pierson deplored this movement,
but once it was precipitated were forced to
give it all the support at. tneir command
in self-interest. Lloyd and Wilson fell in
line in a half-hearted way.
The wisdom of the move is seriously
questioned now by the executors and ad
ministrators, and rumor has it that youne
Fair is rather inclined to believe be made
a hasty jump. The exoneration of Cooney
would prove a serious blow to the cause of
the heirs. It would mean a tacit defeat j
of the Fair children in the first serious
skirmish they have taken part in. It I
would indirectly go a long way to estab
lish the validity and genuineness of
Cooney's part in the transaction, which is
one of the points the opposition have vig
orously opposed from the' inception of the
lawsuit. That is why, now that they
have been dragged into the legal pnddle,
every resource at the command of the
millions of. the dead bonanza king is now
directed to convict Cooney. Tbat is why,
also, there is a marked coolness between
NEW TO-DAY- - li-f'Ml
f=W|UY a high- -^^^^Sl
ly* Others are waste- r s^^ l \ttW
fuL " A dollar^ worth |. (l^^O 1
of Royal will make I^^^^Ml'm
more food than a HW|l|lS DIhIH
dollar's worth of any | jlg^''^ wjm ,
other kind, however -^^^""•^"^^^
low the price* Royal makes perfect
food; always light, sweet and wholesome.
Other powders lose their strength when
opened and will not always leaven alike,
sometimes actually spoiling the cake and
wasting expensive flour, eggs and butter.
• MVAL BAKffta POMPOM CO,, NtW-YOMU
McEnerney and Knight, and rumor has
it that Reuben Lloyd is not doing his
share to push the bandwagon along.
Captain Frank E. vV'e^b, in addition to
being the chief witness in Cooney s de
iense. is down as an important factor for
Mrs. Craven and her pencil deeds. Webb
will be called to narrate a visit he made to
Mrs. Craven's home at 823 Sutter street on
the nieht of May 23, }S',)2, the date of her
marriage contract witn James G. Fair.
On the evening of May 24, 1892, the pupils
of the Mission Grammar School gave an
r>:>nat!c entertainment at the Grand
Opera-uouse, and the preceding afternoon
was devoted to dress rehearsal, it has
i been n contention of the Fair people that
Mrs. Craven could not have supervised
the details of this rehearsal and at the
same time have performed such an impor
tant function as marrying James G. Fair.
They claim to have secured evidence to
prove that she spent the entire afternoon
at the opera-house, looking after the de
tails of the performance.
Webb is a brother of Mrs. Alma E.
Greenwell of Alameda, who at that time
was a pupil of Mrs. Craven and took a
prominent part in the operatic perform
ance.
"On the afternoon of the rehearsal,
which, oy the way, is the date of Mrs.
Craven's "marriage contract," said Webb,
"I went down to the Grand Opera-house
to see my sister. The rehearsal was pri
vate and a woman at the stage door re
fused my request for admission. I then
asked to see Mrs. Craven and was told
was not there. I thought I was being
'strung,' so to speak, and after a second
request to see my sister I left, rather out
of temper. I thought tilings were not
eoing right and made up my mind to have
my sister withdraw from trie pan she was
slated for in favor of her understudy. I
was pondering on this subject all the
afternoon and by evening my mind was
fully made up to tell Mrs. Craven of my
plans. I met her on Kearny street, in
front of Newman & Levmson's and re
galed her at once with my tale of woe.
She tried to smoothe matters over, and as
a last resort asked me to walk home with
her. As we went up the steps of her
liouse, at 823 Sutter street, the door was
opened for us by James G. Fair. He baa
evidently been watching for us through a
window, for just as she prepared to turn
the knob the key turned inside and tbe
Senator drew open the door. He stepped
aside into the parlor doorway for us to
pass dowu tbe hall. Mrs. Craven seemed
rather confused, and thinking I was not
wanted I hastily bid Mrs. Craven good-by
and left the house."
The Cooney people have been studying
up the subject of the evidence Handwrit
ing Experts Ames and Carvalho will give
at the trial, ana they are prepared to prove
that these experts have at times varied as
much in opinion as they agree on the
genuineness of the pencil deeds. In the
Twentietn Century for August there is a
reminiscence of a former disagreement of
tnese two judges oi handwriting. It is as
follows:
"A recent case in onr New York City
courts, when a merchant was almost rail
roaded to prison on the evidence of two
experts in handwriting, was the means of
bringing before tbe public again the fa
mous Garfield-Morey letter, and also
tnrowine new light on the historical
events of the Presidential campaign of
1880. The two experts, Messrs. Ames and
Carvalho, testified in the recent case that
a certain letter of a libelous nature was
written by the merchant in question. In
opposition to them was h. A. Spencer,
who provid that several of trie features in
the handwriting were common to otners
not at all interested in the case. Th re
fore the matter settled down to a question
of expert testimony, which developed the
fact that Mr. Carvalno testified in 1880 that
the Morey letter was in the handwriting
of Garheld himself, whereas Mr. Ames
charged oneKenward Philin as the author
of the forgery. Here we have two experts
holding different opinions on the more im
portant case, but agreeing on the more
recent one. During the imprisonment of
Kenward Philip, Governor Jewell, chair
man of the Republican National Commit
tee, engaged Mr. Spencer and his brothers
to investigate the case. These three ex
perts, authors of the Spenceri*>n school
publications, and practically experienced
in handwriting of all kinds, examined tbe
matter thorouehly and rendered their de
cision to Govrnor Jewell. That decision
exonerated Kenward Philip and vindi
cated General Garfieid. Tnis is the first
time that publicity was given to the inside
facts in question.
"It is alarming to contemplate that on
this unsound judgment of experts respect
ing handwritings men may be deprived of
their liberty who are as innocent as the
deceased Kenward Philip, and as blame
less as tbe world lamented Gartielu."
The Cooney case will be resumed this
morning. ______^_^^____
In London more fires occur on Saturday
than on any other day of the week, and
more in August and December that in any
other months.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 27, 1897.
THE DEFECTS IN PRINTING IN THE COONEY CERTIFICATES.
Captain Lees, in his attempt to prove that the notarial blanks used on the pencil deeds were printed by Crocker <fc Co. in
1896, over a year after the death of James G. Fair, has discovered thirty-six typoeraphical defects in the forms. But twenty-nine
of these are visible to the naked eye, the balance being revealed by the aid of a magnifying glass. The defects upon which the
case of the police will rest in a great measure are shown in the above reproduction of the Cooney acknowledgment. They are, 1,
defective "o" ; 2, defective "f"; 3, defective "leaders" in blank line; 4, worn "leaders": 5, defective "r" in word "hundred"; 6,
impression from worn ''leaders": 7, defective "f" in "before"; 8, another "leader" imperfection; 9, defective "f" in "for"; 10,
more "leader" defects; 11, defective "w" in "whose"; 12, dot over "a" in "name"; 13, another "leader" imperfection; 14.
"leader" imperfection; 15, ."leader" iru perfection ; 1(3, "leader" imperfection; 17, defective "a" in "affixed"; 18, defective "y" in
"my 1 ": 19, wrong font "o" in "official"; 20, defective "fli" in "official? 21, defective "o" in "county"; 22, defective "n" in
"county" ; 23, defective "y" in •'counJ.y" ; 24, defective "f" in "of" ; 25, "leader" imperfection; 26, defective "f" in "certificate" ;
27, defective "v" in "above"; 28, defective "l" in "for"; 29, "leader" ini perfection.
SOCIETY HONORS
BISHOP NEWMAN
A Brilliant Gathering at
Mrs. Stanford's Re
ception.
Guests From Far and Near
Meet the Distinguished
Prelate.
The Mansion on the Hill Ablaz? With
Lights and Beautiful With
F.owsrs.
The wealth, beauty, wit and fashion of
the City and surrounding towns, aug
mented by distinguished representatives
of all the professions, met at the Stanford
mansion on California street yesterday
afternoon to meet Mrs. Stanford's guests
of honor. Bishop and Mrs. Newman.
The distinguished prelate and his wife
have for many years enjoyed the tender
friendship of Mrs. Stanford; in fact, be
tween Bishop Newman and the late Sena
tor Stanford existed a lifelong friendship.
When Mrs. Stanford conveyed to the
venerable churchman her sincere desire of
giving some form of entertainment to do
him honor it was at his own request 'that
the lady decided upon a reception.
Fifteen hundred invitations were issued
for the occasion, and. with few exceptions,
no regrets were received.
The guests came from far and near, and
never before in the social history ot the
State has one roof sheltered so mnny dis
tinguished people.
The details of the reception were ar
ranged with ail that attention to minutiae
which has always distinguished entertain
ments at which Mrs. Stanford has pre
sided.
The entire lower floor of the mansion
was thrown open to the guests. The apar
ments were brilliantly illuminated, and
the guests wandered ax will amid the rare
and costly collection of art with which the
house is filled.
But little floral decoration was found
necessary to embellish the vast apart
ments, and the few choice blossoms used
were placed with discretion and taste in
costly vases ana bowls where guou taste
directed.
In the dining-room a long table was set,
and some hundred garcods stood ready to
dispense all the delicacies of the season,
witn punch, coffee, tea and chocolate to
wash them down. • '
In the art gallery the orchestra was
placed. Here also the Stanford Glee and
Mandolin clubs assisted, and in compli
ment to Mrs. Stanford rendered several
vocal and instrumental selections.
The hours of the reception were from 3
till 6, and /daring these hours there was a
constant stream of visitors to meet the
distinguished guests of honor. Each de
nomination sent two representatives, and
clergy and laymen mingled in the merry
throng.
Mrs. Stanford received her guests, as
sisted by Miss Alice Hayes, Miss Belle
McKanna, Miss Laura McKinstry, Miss
Joselyn, Miss Helen Hopkins, Miss Caro
Crockett, Miss Anne Lyle, Miss Cora J.
Flood, Miss Florence Mills, Miss Carrie
Taylor and Miss Mary Bell Gwin.
The list of invited guests included:
Rev. and Mrs. Hemphill, David Hewes, Major
William B. and Mrs. Hooper, Miss Hooper,
Judge and Mrs. Curry, Mr. and Mrs. Timothy
Hopkins, Mr. and Mrs. Kohl, Judge and Mrs.
E. M. Ross, Mrs. Charles Clayton, Mr. and Mrs.
w. J. Adams. Charles Adams, Mr. and Mrs.
William Alvord.
Mr. and Mrs. Alexander Badlam, Miss Mary
D. Bales, Mrs. W. H. Beers, Mr. and Mrs. John
F. Bigelow, Miss Bigelow, Captain and Mrs.
Samuel Blair, Miss Jennie Blair, William S.
Blair, Mr. end Mrs. Gordon Bianding. Miss
Susie Blandiug, Mr. and Mrs. George C. Board
man, S. H. Boardman, Mr. and Mrs. George c.
Boardman Jr., Hon. and Mrs. John Boegs,
Miss Alice Boggs, Mr. and Mrs. Antoine Bore],
Misses Chointa and Sophie Borel, Mrs. M. D.
Boruck, Miss Boruck, Mr. aiid Mrs. E. J.
Bowen, Misses Mary and Edith Bowen. Mr.
and Mrs. Alexander Boyd, H. St. Clair Boyd,
Mrs. Thomas Breeze, Dr. and Mrs. Cbaries 6.
Brigham, George T. Bromley, Mrs. A. Page
Brown, Samuel G. Buckbee, Mi&s Annie Buck
bee, Mrs. Alpheus Bull, Mr. and Mrs. Alpheus
Bnll Jr.
Mrs. Mary C. Caduc, Mr. and Mrs. Walter C.
Campbell, Mr. and Mrs. James Carolan, the
Misses Emily and Genevieve Carolan, Mr. and
Mrs. Francis J. Carolan, Jesse D. Carr, Mrs. F.
L. Castle, the Misses Castle, Mrs. Morton
Cheesman, Mr. and Mrs. Robert L. Coleman,
Mrs. Elisha Cook, Captain and Mrs. C. S. Cot
ton, Mrs. Clurk W. Crocker, Miss Julia
Crocker, Colonel C. F. Crocker, Charles H.
Crocker. Mr. and Mrs. H. S. Crocker, Mr. and
Mr». Henry J. Crocker, Mr. and Mrs. J. B.
Crockett, Miss Caro Crockett, Mr. and Mrs.
R. J. Currey, Miss Edith Currey, Mrs. B. B.
Cutter.
Mr. and Mrs. T. T. Dnrgie, Prof, and Mrs.
George Davidson, George F. Davidson, Thomas
D. Davidson, Mr. and Mrs. Horace Davis, Mrs.
Peter Decker, Mr. and Mrs. Charles Deeriuß,
Major and Mrs. Darling, Mr«. D. M. Delmas,
the Misses Delmas, Paul Delmas, Mr. and Mrs.
Eugene Deuprey, Miss Deuprey. Mr. and Mrs.
Henry L. Douge, Mr. mid Mrs. F. S. Donty, M.ss
Rose Douty, Mrs. Mary Dutton, Henry F.
Dutton.
Kugene Earl, Mrs. Joseph G. Eastland,
Mrs. A. M. Edston, Mr. and Mrs. Ansel M. Eas
ton, Mr. and Mrs. Wendell Easton, Mr. and
Mr*. Oliver Eldridgo, Mr. aud Mrs. M. M.
Estee, Miss Mabel Eitee, Colonel and Mrs.
E. E. Eyre, Mr. and Mrs. Perry P. Eyre.
Hou. Charles N. Felion, Charles N. Felton
Jr., Mr. and Mrs. J. A. Killmore, Miss Filmore,
Mrs. Thomas Findley, Miss Mamie Findley,
Miss Edith Ftndlev, Miss Alice Findley, Frank
B. Findley.
Mrs. VV. P. Harrington, the Misses Mary and
Louise Harrington, Judge ana Mrs. Ralph
Harrison, Mr. and Mrs. J. Downey Harvey,
Mrs. O. Harvey, Miss Harvey, Mr. and Mrs.
A. E. Head, Miss Head, Mrs. Pncebe A. Heart,
\V. R. Hearst, Mr. and Mrs. M. H. Hecht, the
Misses Hecht, Mr. and Mrs. I. W. Heilman,
Miss Hel'man, Miss Florence Hellinau, Mr.
and Mrs. William t\ H -rrin. Miss Ht-rrin, Mrs.
M. T. Hitchcock, Chancs Hoi brook, Miss Olive
Holbrook, H. M. Holbrook, Mr. and Mrs. ft W.
Holladay, E. Burke Holl&day, Mr. and Mrs.
Charles G. Hooker. Miss Hooker, Mr. and Mrs.
O!.good Hooker, Mr. and Mrs. E. W. Hopkins,
General and Mrs. Houghton, Miss Houghton,
Harry B. Houghton.
Mrs. J. C. Flood, Miss Flood, Mr. and Mr*, a
\V. For^an, Miss Forman, Rev. and Mrs. A. C.
Foute, George de K. Fonte. Mr. and Mrs. J. D.
Fry, Mr. and Mrs. Robert D Fry.
Hon. and Mrs. John Garber, Miss Juliette
♦Jarber. Mr. find Mrs. James R. Gamins, Mr.
ami Mrs. Marcus L. Gerstle, Mr. and Mrs. R.
D. Girvin, Mr. and Mrs. N. H. Gordon, Colonel
George W. Granniss, Mr. and Mrs. Adam Grant,
Joseph I>. Grant, George E. Giay, Miss Anna
Gray, George Vernon Gray, Mr. and Mrs. J.
08. Guun, Mrs M. E. Gwm, Miss Carrie
<i«in, Mr. and Mrs. William M. Gwiu. Miss
Mary Belle Gwin.
Mrs. E. 1,. Hager, Miss Emily Hager, the
Misses Alice and Ethel Hnger, Charles Webb
Howard, Mr. and Mrs. J. H Howard, Mr. and
Mrs. J. H. P. Howard, Mr. and Mrs. W. fl.
Howard, Miss Frances Howard, Mrs. Louise M.
Huntsman and me Misses Huntsman.
Mr. and Mrs. John P. Jackson, Stanley Jack
son, Mr. and Mrs. Paul Jarboe, Mrs. John R.
jßrboe, Mr. and Mrs. Jolm H. Jewelt.
Mrs. John G. Kettle, Miss Kettle, Mrs. M. A.
Kettle, William S. Kettle, N. G. Kettle.
Mrs. M. M. Latham, Milton Latham, Mr.
aud Mrs. Charles G. Lathrop, H. C. Lathrop,
Mr. and Mrs. George H. Lent, Mr. and Mrs.
Jerome Lincoln, Miss Ethel Lincoln, Jerome
B. Lincoln, George Loomis, Mr. and Mrs. A. H.
Loughborough, Alexander Loughborough, Mr.
and Mrs. Charles A. Low, Mrs. F. F. Low, Miss
Flora Low, Miss Lyle, Miss Annie Lyle.
Rev.Dr. and Mrs. Mackenzie, Miss Mackenzie,
A. Macondary, E.P. Madden, Mr. and Mrs. J. L.
Martel, N. K.Maaten, the Misses Masten, Louis
('. MaMeu, Mr. aud Mrs. Frank McCoppin,
Judge and Mrs. Joseph McKenna, Miss Me-
Kenna, Miss Marie McKenna, Judge and Mrs.
E. W. McKinsiry, Miss Laura McKinstry, Clar
ence McKinstry, Lieutenant McKinstry, Mr.
and Mrs. John P. Morrill, Miss Mills, Miss
Florence Mills, Edgar Mills Jr., Lansing Miz
ner, Mr. and Mrs. W. W. Montague, Judge and
Mrs. William Morrow, Mr. and Mrs. D. T. Mur
phy, Mrs. H. M. Newhall, Mr. and Mrs. Mayo
W. .\ewhall.
Rev. Mrs. William Ford Nichols. Mrs. Wil
liam Morris.
Mr. O'Connor, the Misses O'Connor, Mrs.
Lucy Otis, Lieutenant aud Mrs. Joseph Oyster.
Mrs. A. M. Parrott, Mr. anu Mrs. Theodore F.
Payne, Mr. and Mrs. Henry Payot, Senator and
Mrs. George C. Jerkins, Mr. and Mrs. Ira
Pierce, Miss Sophie Pierce, Mrs. F. M. Pixley,
Horace Platt, Mr. and Mrs. E. B. Pond, Miss
Pond, Mrs. A. J. Pope, Mr. and Mrs. George A.
Pope, Mr. and Mrs. George W. Prescott, Mr. and
Mrs. E. J. Pringle, the Misses Pringle, E. J.
Pringle Jr., W. B. Pringle, Sidney J. Pringle.
Mr. aud Mrs. E. R. Runyon.
Mr. and Mrs. Irving M» Scott, Mr. and Mrs.
Prentiss Belby, the Misses Selby, Prentiss
Selby Jr., Mrs. Thomas H. Selby, Colonel and
Mrs. ShaJter, Mrs. George C. Shreeve, Miss
Shreeve, Mrs. Charles Simpkins, R. H. Simp
kins, Mr. and Mrs. Leon Sloss, Mr. and Mrs.
Louis Sloss, Louis Sloss Jr., Captain and Mrs.
N. F. Smith, Judge and Mrs. Francis Spencer,
Miss Spencer, Mr. and Mrs. Claus Spreckels,
Rev.Dr. and Mrs. Horatio Stebbins, ;Dr. and
Mrs. Stanley Stillman, Mr. and Mrs. W. W.
Slow. Miss Nellie Stow, Mr. and Mrs. Vander
lyn Stow, Mr. and Mrs. J. C. Suibbs, the Misses
Stubbs, Mrs. John F. Swift.
Captain and Mrs. Taylor, Miss Taylor, Wil
liam H. Taylor Jr., Augustuß Taylor, Mr. and
Mrs. Lloyd Tevis, Mr. and Mrs. W. & Tevis,
Hugh Tevis, Mrs. A. N. Towne, Mr. and Mrs.
Austin C. Tubbs, Mrs. Alfred S. Tubbs.
Rev. an<l Mrs. J. Voorsanger.
Mr. and Mrs. I. N. Waner, Dr. and Mrs.
J. D. Whitney, Mr. and Mrs. A. P. Wil
liams, Dr. ana Airs. Frank P. Wilson, Mr*.
S. M. Wilson, Mr. and Mrs. Mountford
Wilson, Mr. nnd Mrs. Russell J. Wiison,
Mr. and Mrs. Clinton E. Worden.
Mr. and Mrs. Charles A. Baldwin, Mrs. H. A.
Jerome, Mrs. Henry Barrlolhet, Mrs. Anna
Flint, Dr. and Mrs. Edward Taylor, Mrs. Red
ding Clements, Mrs. Patrick Finnigan, Mrs.
D. Porter, Miss Porter, Mr. and Mrs. Avery Mc-
Carthy, Miss H. Wegner, Mrs. J. G. Brackett. Mr.
andMrs.G. D. Abbott, Mr. and Mrs. M.H.MyricK,
Mrs. Abbott, Mrs. L. L. Baker, Miss Stone. Mr.
and Mrs. A. G. Deardoff, William E. Brown,
Windsor Brown, Mrs. W. L. Ashe, Mr. and Mrs.
Allyne, the Misses Allyne, Mrs. R. H. Chand
ler, Judge and Mrs. Beatty, Mrs. G. J. Buck
nail, Miss Bucknall, Judge and Mrs. Van Fleet,
Mr. and Mrs. Pinckard, J. Q. Adara, Major and
Mrs. Rathboue, Mrs. Frasier, Mr. aud Mrs.
Julius Kruitschnitt, Mr?, and Miss Sherwood,
tne Misses Maynard, General John Dageett,
Mrs. Josiah Stanford, Mrs. Henry Wetherbee,
Mrs. William Bollard, Mrs. H. N. Haviland,
Miss Maggie McClure, Mr. and Mrs. Fritz King,
Mr. and Mrs. T. G. Phelps, Miss Gosson, Mr.
and Mrs. William Wightman, Mr. and Mrs.
George Gaaen, Mr. and Mrs. E. B. Ryan. Miss
Drisy Ryan, Mr. aud Mrs. L. S. B. Sawyer, Mrs.
Winans, Miss Winans, Mr. and Mrs. Horace B.
Chase, Mrs. Hill, Miss Jennie Hill, Miss Belle
Coffin, Mr. Coffin, W. Coffin, Mrs. W. Spencer
Wood, Mr. and Mrs. J. Homer King, F. C. Lusk,
Mrs. Lansing B. Mizner, Miss Wright, Mrs.
Charles Knox, Mr. and Mrs. George Carr, Mr.
and Mrs. William B. Carr, Mrß. Lucy C. Reding
ton, Henry Redington.
Mrs. Reis, Mr. and Mri. Arthur Brown,
Henry Leal, the Mlssee Bull, Mrs. M. R. Rob
erts, Mr. and Mrs. Moore. Mrs. Arthur K.
Hawkins, Mrs. D. N. Walter, Mrs. George Oul
ton, Mrs. O'Uonnell, Mrs. J. D. Buggies, Mrs.
John Q. Brown, Mrs. F. A. Holraan, Mr. and
Mrs. J. O. Earl, Mrs. William Ashtruner, Mrs.
O'brien, Jir. and Mrs. John T. Doyle, Miss
Doyle, Mr. and Mrs. Henry Scott, Mr. and Mrs.
William Crocker, Prince aud Princess Pouia
towski.Mr.and Mrs. J. L. Requa, Mr?. Hart, Mrs.
F. A. Bistiop, Mr. and Mrs. W. E. Dean, Mrs. L.
A. Booth, Miss Booth, Mr. and Mrs. G. K. Fitch,
Miss Fitch, Mrs. Frank, Mr. "and Mrs. D. T.
Murphy, Mrs. Jeffersou Chandler, Mr. and
Mrs. J. J. Valentine, Dr. and Mrs. R. H. Curtis,
Mr. and Mrs. Walter Scott Hobart, Miss Huich
inson, Mr. and Mrs. John Joselyn, Mrs. Seideu
S. Wright, Mr. and Mrs. W. Dargie, Miss Anna
Dargie, E. W. Dargie Jr., Mrs. John C. Merrill,
John S. Hittell, Mrs. M. A. Wigutman, Dr. and
Mrs. Whittell, Miss Lucy Jackson, President
and Mrs. Kellogg, the Misses Marie and Bessie
Zane, Mrs. Henry Williams, Mr. and Mrs.
Washington Meeks, Mr. and Mrs. Camillo
Martin, Miss Grac-; Martin, Mrs. Bareida, Gen
eral T. H. Goodman, Mr. and Mrs. Burnett,
Miss Burnett, Mr. and Mrs. E. A. Bruguiere,
Colonel Findley Anderson, Mr. and Mrs. Alfred
Tubbs Jr., Mr. and Mrs. Austin Tubbs.
Mrs. Fanny Evans, George Evans. Mrs. A. L.
Hubbard, Mrs. Caroline L. Ashe, Miss Ashe,
Miss Lillle Follis, the Misses Fannie and May
Friedlander, T. C. Friedlander, Mrs. George
Hyde, Miss Hyde, Mrs. F. G. Maynard, Miss
Eleanor Martin, Peter Martin, Walter Martin,
Andrew Martin, Mr. aud Mrs. A. J. Ralston,
Mr. aud Mrs. W. C. Ralston, Judge and Mrs.
Harvey Brown, Stephen T. Gage, the Misses
Gage, Mr. and Mrs. Archie Treat. Mr. and Mrs.
James Spruule, Mr. and Mrs. R. H. Pratt, Hon.
Eli and Mrs. Penison.
Mr. and Mrs. C. H. Redington. Mr. and Mrs.
J. M. Haniord, Mrs. H. Widman, Mrs. R. L.
Reid. Mr. and Mis. H. Schlageter, John Haley,
Mr. and Mrs. J. F. Herrin, Mr. and Mrs. Je
rome Madden, Mr. and Mrs. W. G. Curtis, Mr.
and Mrs. C. G. Green, Mr. and Mrs. William
Hood, Mr. and Mrs. William Thompson, Mr.
and Mrs. George F. Richardson, Captain ana
Mrs. Goodal!, MUsGoodall.
Rev. and Mrs. W. S. Bovard, Judge and Mrs.
James V. Cofft-y, Mr. and Mrs. J. C. Simpson,
Mrs. Luke Robinson, Judge and Mrs. 'lemple,
Judge and Mrs. Henshaw, Judge and Mrs. Mc-
Farland, Judge and Mrs. Van Fleet, Judge ana
Mrs. Beatty, Judge and Mrs. J. J. de Haven,
Dr. H. W. Harkness, Mr. and Mrs. S. F. Lieb,
Hon. and Mrs. X. Spalding.
Mr. and Mrs. Frank Miller, Hon. and Mrs.
Isaac S. Belcher, Rev. Father McNally, Rev.
P. H. Riordau. Rev. P. C. Yorke, Rev. J. J.
Prendergast, Rev. Father Scanlaa, Rev. and
Mrs. George E. Walk, Rev. and Mrs. John
Adams, Rev. and Mrs. Boynton, Rev. and Mrs.
Dille, Rev. and Mrs. Gardner, Rabbi and Mrs.
Nieto, Rev. Dr. and Mrs. Higgins, Rev. and
Mrs. Gruber, Rev. Dr. and Mrs. McLane, Rev.
and Mrs. E. B. Spalding, Rev. and Mrs. More
land, Rev. and Mrs. Goodwin.
Rev. and Mrs. R. J. Briggs, Rev. and Mrs.
C. A. Anderson, Rev. and Mrs. F. A. Masters,
Rev. and Mrs. X M. Hill, Rev. and Mrs.
Thomas Filben, Rev. and Mrs. G. J. Schultz.
Rev. and Mrs. W. W. Case, Rev. and
Mrs W. P. Urmy. Rev. and Mrs. J.
Stephens, Rev. and Mrs. William Schuldt,
Rev. and Mrs. Fred Brown, Governor
Budd, Dr. and Mrs. Levi C. Lane, Mr. and hits.
W. L. Palmer, Mrs. Frank Pixley, Mrs. Edward
Barron, Mrs. John O. Brown, Rev. Dr. and
Mrs. Carroll. Mrs. P. Selby, Mrs. R. D. Girvin,
E. H. Sheldon, J. M. Tw>gg.«, W. S. Jones, A. St.
J. Bowie, Captain and Mrs. Rodgers.
Mrs. William F. Durden, Mr. and Mrs. W. H.
Howard, E. M. Green way, Mrs. D. Lake, Miss
Lake, Mr. and Mrs. William McAfee, Mr. and
Mrs. Aivinza Hayward, Mr. and Mrs. Rose,
Major White, Mr. and Mrs. Richard Bayne,
Mr. and Mrs. L. G. Lathrop, John Scott Wi.son,
Judge and Mrs. Gnrber, the Misses Garber,
Mr. and Mrs. A. J. Bowie, Miss Bowie, Mr. and
Mrs. S. E. Dutton, Mr. and Mrs. F. A. Bishop,
Mr. and Mrs. Crux, Rabbi Meyerson, Mr. and
Mrs. D. B. Francis, E. A. Bruguiere Jr., Peder
S. Brugniere, Mrs. Charies Hedges, Lieutenant
Meyer, Mrs. William Edmonds, Miss Gibson,
Mr. and Mrs. Gordan, Mrs. S. E. Dutton, David
Starr Jordan, Mrs. Jordan, Miss Jordan.
Professor and Mrs. George Elliott Howard,
Professor and Mrs. Casper Branner, Professor
and Mrs. Oliver P. Jenkins, Professor and Mrs.
Melville B. Anderson, Professor and Mrs. John
Maxon Stillman, Professor and Mrs. Fernando
Sani'ord, Professor and Mrs. Charles David
Marx, Proiessor and Mrs. Charles Henry Gil
bert, Professor and Mrs. Douglas H. Campbell,
Professor and Mrs. Earl Barnes, Professor and
Mrs. Thomas D. Wood, Proiessor and Mrs.
Albert W. Smith, Professor and Mrs. Ewald
Flugul, Professor and Mrs. Benjamin Wing,
Professor and Mrs. Frank Angell, Professor and
Mrs. Leander M. Hoskins, .Professor and Mrs.
Robert E. Allardice, Professorand Mrs.William
R. Dudley, Professor and Mrs. Taber Murray,
Professor and Mrs. "JuHub Goebee, Professor
and Mrs. E. A. Ross, Professor ana Mrs. Nathan
Abbott.
Professor and Mrs. F. A. C. Perrine, Profes
sor and Mrs. John E. Matzke, Professorand
Mrs. Charles Newton Littte. Professor E. H.
Griggs, Professor and Mrs. G. M. Richardson,
Professor and Mrs. James Owen Griffin, Proies
sor and Mrs. Walter Miller, Professor and
Mrs. William Henry Hudson, Professor and
Mrs. Rulus Lo Green, Professor and Mrs. H. H.
Powers, Proiessor and Mrs. A. B, Shorr, Profes
sor and Mrs. O. L. Elliott, Professor V. L. Kel
logg, Proiessor and Mrs. C. Brown, Professor
and Mrs. James P. Smith, Professor and Mrs.
L. R. Lenox, Professor and Mrs. H. R. Fair
clotn, Professor and Mrs. A. G. Newcomer,
Professor and Mrs. H. B. Lathrop, Professor
and Mrs. W. W. Thoburn and Proiessor and
Mrs. S. J. Brun.
Proiessor D. E. Spencer, Professor and Mrs.
A. B. Clark, Professor and Mrs. M. E. Tayior,
Professor M. McFarland, Proiessor Margaret
F. Becicman, Professor George Clinton Price,
Proiessor and Mrs. J. F. A. Davidson, Professor
and Mrs. Charles E. Cox, Proiessor and Mrs.
H. de C. Steams, Professor Daniel W. Murphy,
Professor W. R. Shaw, Professor Irene Hardy,
Professor K. G. Sendtorff. Professor and Mrs. G.
H. Marx, Professor F. J. Polley, Professor Louise
Dodge, Proiessor Herbert Nash, Proiessor and
Mrs. F. J. Teggart, Professor George A. Clark,
Professor D. L. Arnold, Professor and Mrs. H.
T. Blickfelt. Professor E. E. Farmer, Professor
Estelle M. Darragh.
Caught in the Act.
George H. Poole is a forgiving man, which,
has led him into trouble. Monday morning
he had a Gus Peterson, a companion, arrested
for burglary for stealing a gold watch, a silver
witch and some clothing from him. Last
night he called to see Peterson, and was ob
served by Corporal Parrotte to quietly pass a
package of opium to Peterson. Tne package
was secured, and Pooie was at once booked on
the charge of bringing opium into the City
Prison. He put up $100 cash bail and was re
leased.
• — ♦— • •
Jkwei.ry store, 5 and 7 Third street, removed to
303 Kearny street.
KEW TO-DAT-DRT GOOD*
SPECIAL *
VALUES
THIS WEEK!
[150 dozen LADIES' NATURAL WOOL *
VESTS and DRAWERS (all sizes) - - - •P*«UO Each
50 pieces NEW FRENCH NOVELTY SUIT-
INGS, assorted designs, full 42 inches in ncr v
width (navys only) - - '** ard
500 pieces No. 40 EXTRA QUALITY TAF-
FETA RIBBON, all silk and latest Spring ~%r\r «,
. . Yard
shades - ----------
50 pieces BLACK FRENCH DIAGONAL
CHEVIOT, full 50 inches wide - - 75^ Yard
600 pieces FRENCH and BELGIAN TOR- 1
CHON LACES, handmade, sc, 10c and I^2C Yard
350 dozen BLEACHED HUCK TOWELS, J- -^
hemmed, hemstitched and fringed -- - *^ * p er Dozen
20 dozen GENUINE ENGLISH MOREEN
LADIES' SKIRTS, in both black and C-
co.or e d -- - *3-°° Each
ttf Country orders receive prompt attention.
£9" Goods delivered free in San Rafael, SausaMto, Blithe-
dale, Mill Valley, Oakland, Alameda and Berkeley.
111, 113, 115, 117, 119, 121 POST STREfcU.
BARRY-FLYNN FIGHT.
Flynn Forfeit* His Bail, and the Case
Against Barry Is Dismissed by
Judge Low.
Judge Low acted a? referee yesterday in j
the fight between Editors James H. Barry j
and Thomas E. Flynn that occurred on j
Montgomery street Monday morning.
The Judge had to decide which of the two,
or if both, had been guilty of disturbing
the peace.
Editor Barry appeared fresh and smil
ing in court, but Editor i?'iynn did not j
respond to his name when called by the I
rourt ciier. Judee Low promptly declared j
Flynn's bail of $10 forfeited.
Policeman Leonard was called to the
stand, and testified that he saw the two j
editors scuffling on the streets and placed :
them under arrest. He did not know who i
was the atreressor.
Editor Barry told tlie story of the en- ;
counter. He got off a Sacramento-street;
car at the corner of Montgomery street,
ana was walking toward his office when ;
some one came suddenly behind him ami ■
struck him with a cane. He turned round i
and saw FJynn with the cane uplifted to I
strike him aeain. He grappled with his !
assailant, took the cane from him, threw >
him into the gutter and was just goinc to i
chastise him when he was arrested. . !
The Judge promptly dismissed the case j
against Editor Barry, who walked out of j
the courtroom with a smile on his face.
• — ♦—- •
They make a specialty of Bank Stock paper: !
it has the water-mark. Mysell-Rollins, 22 j
Clay. * I
• — ♦ — •
The carriage of iron ore on the Great j
Lakes during 1896 footed up 9,657.921 gross j
tons, 500,000 tons less than in 1895.
JKE W TO-DAY.
5c
JACKSON SQUARE
CIGAR,
Strictly, Cuban hand-made. None made
better. It's calculated to take the place of
the 10c sort.
RINALDO BROS. & CO.,
300 and 302 BATTERY ST. I
AT ALL DEALERS'.
|
Wjh FOR STYLISH CUT AND PER-
¥*? FECT FITTINQ CLOTHES YOU
* V*7 nusT go to
JraJGE POHEIM,
|HH THE TAILOR.
■MHIIJiHS A full assortment of the latest ;
y^fflß j I I [■3 poods always on bai d.
V!lP8 I 1 uVr Ail-Wool Suits made to order
Ml |I MI ' «rom $13.50
M II Clay's Weave Worsted Milts
91 II Hi made to order from. 17.50
|j Ml line Pique 20.00*
II Pants to order 4.50 i
111 II 1 I Fine Dress Pan. s tS.UO
'■ II I 111 II I -.-■•• Boles for self-measurement and
AjJ I l! I samvles of cloth sent free to any ad-
»l N"H. Joe Poheim has the larg-
\JjjlJf est Tailorinic Establishment
' £f on the Pacific Coast.
201 and 203 Montgomery St.. San Francisco
724. 844 and 846 Market St., Han KrancUco -
: 1110 and 1112 Market st., San Francisco.
485 Fourteenth at., Oak and. Cal. • ;
603 and 605 X sl, Sacramento. Cat. :
143 South Spring su, Los Angeles, CaL
+MMIT/A
I GREAT •
I % c\# i
I OP THE AGE ii
| A FAMILY 111 1
9 Which is an external and Internal J J
0 romedy without an eqnal. g
• ROT II HEW PREPARATION, EOT ORE f
5 THAT HAS STOOD THE ItST OF OVER 5
j| A QUARTER OF A CENTURY. |j
| Thousands of persons all ♦
j; over the United States j;
j ; gratefully praise Dr. Mar- j ;
\ ; tin's Pain Curer and are j ;
5 never without it. ; ;
1! i !
9 The Cnrer is free from all Injurious i •
| | and poisonous properties, and is en- J '
I I tirely vegetable in its composition. It ,
< ' tones np and strengthens the system. < •
2 purifies the blood, expels bad matter J
I i from the organs of the body generally, | ,
' ' promotes digestion, regulates the <
) [ tlte and secures a healthy state of the J
I > . system and its various functions. Takan ( ,
*' occasionally as a preTenttre of disease, <■
J [ it keeps the mind cheerful and happy j ',
l i by promoting healthful action of the ] |
' ' skin, heart, lungs, sumach, pancreas, • ■
| [ bowels, lljer, kidneys, bladder, spleen, j '
il spinal coßmn, and the whole nerrous <
' ' system. It is also especially always < ■
* WOMAN'S FRIEND, and is uneqaaled ( '
§ FOR THE PRETEHTIOH HUD CURE 1 1
I I —OF— v (I
\ \ Rheumatism, Neuralgia, Pains in \ \
S General, Bowel Complaints. I>y§- j»
1. ' pepsia, Dysentery, Cholera Mor- ( J
I I bus, Diphtheria, Sore Throat, ( (
<► Pneumonia, Diabetes, err on* ♦
J | Complaints,. Disease *f the Stain- •
(| ach and Bowels Generally, l-I*<" r q
• ' Complaints, Kidney Complaints, o
] | Sciatica, Lumbago, Colds.Conghs, ||
I i Local and General Debility, Bead- j \
* ' ache, Earache, Toothache. Sick- < >
! ' ness In Stomach. Backache, Burns, J »
O Swellings, Bolls, Sores, Ulcers, £
y Colic, Cramps, Sprains, Braises, *
5 Scalds, Wounds, Costiveuess, In- 9
6 digestioa, Skin Diseases, Bxces- §
S slTe Itchlngs and many other ♦
X complaints too numerous to name %
O here. In a word; the great Pain 9
± Curer of the Age is an uuequaled ♦
, ► family remedy. X
][ Price: 25c, 50c, $1.00 per Bottle, ♦
a I* CALLISCH, Whole Agent for %
2, the Pacific Coast, San Jose, Cal. J
5 For sale by 8,11 drugsrisU. The trade <,
m supplied by Redington & Co., Mack #
2 & Co. and Langley <& Michaels. San «
m Francisco. m
"notary PUBLIC.
CHARLES H. PHILLIPS. ATTORNEY**
V; Law and Notary Public, 688 Market st., qpp'»
site Palace Hotel. Telephone 670. Residue* VOM
til •»••(. TaltpaOM •' JPlae " 3691.