VOLUME LXXXI.-NO. 72.
BETANCOURT
RELEASED
At Last the American Is
Freed From Spanish
Tyrants.
REQUEST IN SCOVEL'S I
CASE DENIED.
*
.Nine Political Suspects to Be
Deported To-Day From
Havana to Cueta.
FIENDISH CRUELTIES ARE YET.
BOLDLY PRACTICED.
All the Rnl s of Civilized Warfare
Openly Violated by the Hordes
of Weyler.
HAVANA, Cuba, Feb. 9.— Gaspar Bet
ancourt. a naturalized American, wbo was
acquitted a few days ago of the charge of
aiding and abetting the rebels, was finally '
released from custody to-day.
Ana Sotolonga, a woman who escaped
on January 22 from the House of Refuge,
where she had been placed as a political !
suspect, was recaptured yesterday and
was recommitted to the House of Refuge. '
Nine political suspects will be deported {
to Ceuta to-morrow.
Jose Aczuy, who was the principal wit- ]
ness in the case of Julio Sanguilly, now
under sentence of imprisonment for life,
was tried by a court-martial Sunday. Tbe
decision in his case is not known.
The Government has denied the request
of Consul-General Lee that Sylvester
Scovel, the American newspaper corre
spondent who was arrested last week, be
transferred to Havana for trial. The
Government holds that as Scovel will be
tried by a civil court the proceedings
should be held in Santa Clara province,
where he was arrested.
EI Pas, the organ of the Autonomist
party, pays a high tribute to Prime Minister
Del Castillo in connection with the^Cuban
reforms. It applauds the measure ana
promises its adherence to the Government '■■
in the enforcement, of the reforms. It de- •'
clares tbat it expects that the scheme will ,
be a powerful means in obtaining peace.
El Comercio, the ultra-conservative j
organ, maintains a significant silence on
the subject of reform.
Charles Scott, an American citizen, has
been arrested at Re la, across the bay
■ from Havana. The reason of his arrest is
unknown.
FRESH SPANISH BUTCHERIES.
Neither Women Nnr Children Spared by
Fiendish Oppressors.
* NEW YORK. S. V., Feb. 9.— Herald
special from Key West, Fla., says: Ha
vana advices received here state that a
Spanish column has raided a large insur
gent hospital in the Cienaga de Zapata
swamps in Matanza..
There were twenty-two ill and wounded
soldiers in the hospital, and these, it is
said, were killed by the 'Spaniards. The
two physicians in charge succeeded in es
caping, but four nurses (women) were
made prisoners. The Spaniards were
guided to the hospital by a Cuban.
While returning from this raid the
Sp.niards discovered a camp of Pacificos
just inside the swamp. This camp was
raided, and all male Cubans, thirty-two
SCENE OF BUNCE'S TERRIBLE ORDEAL.
The scene of the terrible experiences of Admiral Bunco's fleet on Friday nnd Saturday last was not far from where the
famous Monitor was lost on December 30. 1862. That the vessels all came through the storm safely, though more or less bat
tered or injured, is a matter for general thankfulness. There is no more dangerous locality alone the Atlantic coast than off
Cape Hatteras, as is attested by the number cf life-saving stations maintained by the Government in the vicinity of the hun
dreds of wrecks that strew the shores. During the time of the war especially, when there was no light service maintained, the
number of disasters was appalling. The loss of the Monitor was fortunately not accompanied by any great loss of life, nearly
all of her crew bring taken off in boats before she went down by tbe men i from the steamer Rhode Island, which had been
towing her. Tbe yes ci was on her way to join Admiral DuPont's fleet off Charleston harbor when she met the disaster that
terminated her short but eventful life. This was the second time she had ever been on the high seas, the first being her
voyage from New York, where she was constructed, to Hampton Roads. On the morning after her arrival, March 9, 1862, she
engaged in the battle with the Merrimac.
The San Francisco Call
in number, put to the sword. In the
camp were about twenty women and chil
dren. The Spaniards seized the women,
but told them the children must be aban
doned. Three of the women resisted and
were shot.
The other women, at the point of the
bayonet, were forced to abandon their lit
tle ones and march in front of the Span
ish soldier*. The women were sent to
Havana on Friday, accused of being ene
mies of Spain, and were placed in the
prison set apart for women of the town.
In Pinar del Rio province four Cuban
girls .were arrested by the Spaniards,
charged with aiding in the recent dyna
miting, of trains. The girls were found in
an old but near the railway and close to
the scene of the recent wreck. They re
fused to give their names, but said that
their parents had been murdered and
I their homes burned by guerrillas, and
! that they fled to the woods for safety.
I The girls claim to have been in the woods
j three months, and say they have subsisted
on game. '
When captured, each of the girls was
armed with a repeating rifle and a hunt
ing-knife. They also had plenty of cart
ridges. The Spaniards claim dynamite
was also found in the hut occupied by the
girls. They were taken to Artemisa and
imprisoned. The Spaniards believe that
they are daughters of the Cuban Chief,
Zarraga, who is operating in Pinar del
Rio.
The girls, it is alleged, have been sub
jected to indignities in an attempt to
force a confession, and are confined in a
cell, held for arson and other crimes.
NEW YORK, N. V., Feb. 9— The Press
says England made a strong bid for the
Cuban Junta, but the fact is not generally
known. More than eighteen months ago
a representative of makers of war muni
tions and another representative of cer
tain moneyed men of London came here
and had several meetings with Cubans
known to have influence with the pro
moters of the present revolution.
These representatives made their report
to their principals and in due course secret
negotiations were opened, which had for
their basis the agreement by the Cuban
Junta to purchase all supplies, guns, am
| munition, medicine and, in the event of
1 recognition by this country, vessels to be
i sailed under letters of marque from cer
' tain syndicates whose headquarters were
| in London.
When this scheme was broached by the
j English agents, the Cubans were so
j strongly of the opinion that Cleveland
| would acknowledge them as belligerents
at the expiration of one year of war that
! the.v refused to listen to any proposition
which contemplated the removal ofthe
Junta • from this country. Then the
Englishman named a sum of money to be
invested in Cuban bonds whenever tbe
j orders for war materials should aggregate
I a certain amount.
This was a great temptation, and at
I one time there was a strong sentiment fa
vorable to making the change of base.
Then— in the summer of 1695— there was
so general an interest in tne war by the
people of the United Mates and the out
look lor recognlttiri.i./. Le_-_^«;eut,.rlghtß
seemed' so ■""""bear that the negotiations
were ended by a refusal to move to Lon
don. Since that time the ..effort by tho
English syndicates has been renewed,
and in order to clinch the deal the sum of
; $500,000 was offered to the Junta, through
Fidel G. Pierra, if the Junta would close
j the New York office and thereafter make
I its purchases ot the English syndicates
i which offered to subscribe to the Cuban
; bonds in the amount named.
Notwithstanding the pressing need for
I funds and tbe implied contract that goods
; purchased in England would be permitted
: to leave that country for Cuba, the Cubans
i decided to remain here, this being the
natural point from which the Junta's
] work should be carried on.
In speaking of this matter Pierra said;
I "Several millions of dollars have been ex
pended by friends of Cuba in this country
j and several million more would have been
i expended but for Cleveland's attitude.
It may bs that we may have to go to
England for future supplies, but I hope
; and believe that McKinley will not go so
| far out of his way to hamper us as Cleve
{ land has done."
9
SAN FRANCISCO, WEDNESDAY MORNING, FEBRUARY 10, 1897.
WARSHIPS USED
IN BATTLE ARRAY
Admiral Bailee's Squadron
Blocks the Charleston
Harbor.
i
''■^ __________ ' ' _s:SIS
Soon the Vesuvius Will Come
Down the Coast to Run
the Blockade.
Seaworthy Vessels of tLe New Navy
Show No Sign of Damage Done
by Furious Gales.
CHARLESTON, S. C, Feb. 9.— ef
forts of newspaper correspondents to
board the warships off Charleston Bar to
day were futile. The Fern came up to the
city for mail and provisions and the Mar
blehead was lying off the battery, but the
other ships were strung out to sea beyond
tbe jetties for a distance of eight miles.
The cruiser Columbia, which is farthest
out, is from sixteen to eighteen miles from
the city.
Early this morning some signaling was
done from the flagship New York, and in
HOT ON THE TRAIL.
consequence the ships began to move from
the north to the south from the harbor.
The battleship Maine anchored a little to
the south of the lightship, which stands
just six miles out from Fort Sumter. The
Fern lies behind the Maine, the New York
is a half mile further south. Half way
across tbe main channel is the monitor
Amphitrite and beyond her out at sea is
the Columbia.
It is supposed here tbat the ships have
taken these stations with a view to effect
ually guarding the south entrance to the
harbor, and that future arrivals— the In
diana and Massachusetts, for instance
• will be "placed to _he north. The I)o'**t!*>
was nowhere in ..evidence to-day, and it is
believed she has sailed south, possibly to
relieve tbe Newark at the mouth ol the
gt. Johns River.
The Vesuvius . has been ordered ■ away
from League Island, and as she is to be
the blockade runner it is thought she will
come down the coast under her own or
ders after all the big ships are in posi
tion and try to run into the harbor under
them. This is the supposition, but it is
hardly possible.
Efforts to make some detailed state
ment of the injuries done the ships during
the storm have been of no avail. The
Marblehead, when up to the city, gave
little evidence of injury. Her superstruct
ure was battered somewhat, but as one
stood upon her deck she looked little the
worse lor wear.
At a meeting of the City Council of
Charleston held to-night an invitation
was extended to toe Governor of South
Carolina and the General Assembly to
visit the city on the lSih, when Secretary
Herbert and Admiral Bunce and the
officers of tbe fleet are to be entertained
by the citizens and commercial bodies. !
On the 18th a public dinner will be given |
by the Chamber of Commerce, and among
the guests will be Secretary Herbert •of ]
the navy, Admiral Bunce and other dis
tinguished guests. A public reception
will be held by the Mayor, and at night
a ball will bo given the visitors.
BEAUFORT, S. C, Feb. The United
States cruiser Newark arrived at Port
Royal from Jacksonville this evening.
RENEWED FIGHTING IN CRETE.
Belligerent Christians Have a Battle
With Turkish Troops, Who Are
Defeated.
ATHENS, Greece, Feb. 9. — Advices
from Canea, Crete, show that there has
been renewed fighting outside the city
between the belligerent Christians and a
body of Turkish troops.'
From the accounts received here it is
judged that the Christians defeated the
troops. Fifteen of the latter were killed.
After some delay the Greek iron-clad
now in the harbor of Canea saluted the
Turkish flag and the salute was returned.
LONDON, Eng., Feb. 9.— A dispatch
from Athens to the Exchange Telegraph
Company says that the official Gazette
publishes a royal decree ordering all
available Greek warships to be put into
com mis .on immediately and requiring
several of them to be sent to Crete with
the least possible delay. :„.. .
In the House of Commons to-day George
N. Curzon, Under Foreign Secretary, said
that nothing had been heard by the Gov
ernment of the formation of a provisional
government in Crete. It is reported here
that the Greek flag has "been hoisted at
Retimo, Crete, and that order at that
place is b .ing rapidly restored.
HATE FRASER CONriCTEH.
Found Guilty of Causing the Heath cf a
Seaman.
LONDON. Eng., Feb. 9.— To-day's pro
ceedings in the trial of the firs, and sec
ond mates of tbe British ship George T.
Hires, who with the crew of the vessel
were brought here on January 8, charged
with causing the death of a seaman named
Brostrom by ill-treatment during the voy
age of the ship from Mobile, August _._,
1896, to Rio Janerio, where she arrived
November 22 last, resulted' in the convic
tion of the first* mate, Fraser, who was
found guilty by tbe jury of bavins in
flicted unlawful punishment upon Bros
trom. ' The court postponed sentence : up
on Fraser until the completion of the
trial of the second mate and the fifteen
seamen, which will take place to-morrow.
BATTLE WITH
DOCK-WORKERS
Hamburg Laborers Have
No Patience With the
Police. •
Trouble ' Brewing Since the
Strike Culminates in a Very
Lively Fight.
Cubs, Stones, Pistols and Sabrrs
Used— Two Men Killed and Nine
teen S;riously Wounded.
HAMBURG, Germany, Feb. 9. — Ever
since the decision of a majority of the men
who took part in the great strike here
of dock laborers employed in the ship
ping trade to return to work . there
has been much discontent among the
men, and those who watched tbe situation
closely could see that trouble was brew
ing. The defeat of the kers was due
mainly to the lack of funds, and they felt
very bitter that they were compelled to
return to work witbout having in the
least benefited their condition.
To-night the bad feeling among the men
culminated in a bitter fight between a
large number of ' men who had been on a
strike and the police, who for several days
had been anticipating the trouble. Be
fore the disturbance was quelled two
men were killed and nineteen seriously
wounded. Among the latter are five po
licemen.
It is not known exactly how the fight
ing started, but one report has it that it
originated in a dispute between some
men who were arguing as to the correct
ness of ibe decision to return to work and
who finally came' to blows. When the
police attempted to intervene the men
abandoned their own quarrel and com
bined to thrash the policemen, the fight
ing soon assuming wide proportions.
Another story is that the police were
the aggressors. However this may be,
the fighting became very serious, re
volvers nnd saber* being freely used. The
police were rapidly getting the worst of
the contest, they being greatly outnum
bered by the raging mob of rioters, whose
members were quickly 'swelled, not only
by genuine workingmen- but by the horde
of vicious idlers about the harbor, who
were only too anxious under the circum
stances to engage with their natural
enemies, the police.
The latter at first attempted to get the
mob to disperse by the use of mild means,
but these proving unavailing sabers were
drawn r and orders given to charge the
mob. The rioters, some of whom were
armed witb revolvers, while otbers had
bludgeons and stones as weapons, held
their ground tenaciously and made ' a
desperate resistance, which the police
were unable to overcome.
Eventually re-enforcements were hur
r.ed to the scene in response to the urgent
call of the officer in command of the
police, and finally the rioters were dis
persed with great difficulty.
Later crowds of workingmen gathered
in Sanct Pauli, Wilhelmsburg and Al
toona, all of which places are, practically,
parts of Hamburg, and threatened venge
ance upon the police. The latter, fearing
there would he another ou break, went In
rong force to the places mentioned and I
compelled obedience to their orders that
the streets be cleared.
They also cleared the streets, in the re
gion of the harbor. It is generally be
lieved that if the rioters had : been better
armed the police would not have been
able to handle them and tbat it would
probably have been necessary to call on
the military for assistance. .'
Most of the injured were removed to the
hospitals. Ninety of the rioters were ar
rested.
The quarter occupied by workingmen
was simmering with angry feeling and
the men were loud in their denunciation
of the police. Further disturbances dur
ing the night were anticipated, and to
guard against further outbreaks the police
patrols were doubled. A heavy rain is
falling and this tended to keep indoors
many discontented workingmen who
might otherwise have taken part in the
noting.. ' ' '*-' ; - ? u } : ..'■■
PLANS FOR THE INAUGURAL.
They Are 'Fully Explained ■to President-
Elect McKinley by General Porter
.....*.*, and J. C. .Bell. ' .
CANTON. Ohio, Feb. The statement
that Governor John D. Long had been
definitely fixed upon for Secretary of the
Navy was confirmed by Major McKinley
himself tbis afternoon. There will be no
departure from this assignment of the
Navy portfolio unless the present Cabinet
slate should be remodeled at the last mo
ment. ■'•VK ..*>-V..
Ex-Governor Saxton of New York called
on Major McKinley this afternoon. He
said: "I have come to Canton in the in
terest of a friend and do not care to state
the precise purpose of my errand. I will
say this mucn, however, that it has noth
ing to do with the .election of a New York
member of the Cabinet, lam not an
aspirant lor appointment to tbe Cabinet,
and I think the most acceptable New York
Republican for that position and honor
is General S. L. Woodford of Brooklyn,
but I fear New York may be left alto
gether."
Major McKinley listened to an ample
and detailed discussion ot the plans for
the inaugural ball and ceremonies to-day.
C. J. Bell of Washington, chairman of the
inaugural committee told him all about
the arrangements for the ball. This
evening General Horace Porter came down
from Cleveland and explained the plans
for the big. paraoe.
General Porter is to be grand marshal.
He spent the night in Canton. It is un
derstood that his visit bas no relation
whatever the New York political situa
tion, and that he is no longer under con
sideration for the Cabinet. Mr. Bell ex
pressed the fear that the. failure of the
railroad companies to furnish low rates
lor the inaugural might reduce the crowd
somewhat, but from the accommodations
engaged it is thought that Washington
will be thronged.
Among Major McKinley's visitors to
day were ex-Fourth Assistant Postmaster-
General E. G. Rathborn 01 Hamilton, 0.,
Lieutenant Durb.n of Denver, ex-Mayor
Eustis of Minneapolis, S. H. Nash of
Manchester, Ky., and Edward Marston, a
full-blooded Indian from Alaska.
RUN INTO AN OPEN SWITCH.
Wrick of the East-Bound Union Pacific
Fast Mail Train With Fatal
Results.
OMAHA, Nebe, Feb. The East
bound fast mail on the Union Pacific
Railroad due here at 4:45 p. m., ran into
an onen switch in the yards and jumped
the track and the engine turned com
pletely over. The fireman was killed out
right and the engineer cannot live.
The dead man is Tom Krause of Council
Bluffs, who was scalded to death. W. H.
Vanney of Omaha, the engineer, was
fatally scalded and cannot live through
the night. J. Hughes, Pullman porter, of
Oakland, Cal., received serious internal
injuries. . . '
Several passengers were badly shaken
up and three ladies fainted. These were
attended by Dr. ton of San Francisco,
who was on ihe train.
William Henn, a switchman in the
yards, says that he had opened the switch
in anticipation of the approach of a Rock
Island freight, which usually precedes the
fast mail. To-day the freight was late, and
be. ore Henn realized it the passenger
train, running thirty-live miles an hoar,
came into view.
He signaled the engineer and attempted
to turn the switch, but was too late.
Mail distributors in the car to the rear
of the engine had a narrow escape. The
coach was badly battered nnd the brake
beams forced through the floor and rear
end. '
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
INDIANS ON
THEIR TRAIL
Redskin Scouts Close Upon
the Santa Fe Train
Robbers.
ONE OF THE OUTLAWS
HARD-PRESSED.
Easily Followed From the Spot
Where the Leader Was
Slain.
MESSENGER SUMMERS' BRAVE
RESISTANCE.
Saved the Treasure in His Keeping
by One Well- Directed
Shot.
KINGMAN, Ariz., Feb. 9.— The posse
which left here last night in pursuit of the
robbers who boarded the Santa Fe train
near Nelson returned to this city this
morning to procure fresh horses. The
posse was re-enforced here and left again
for the scene of the "hold-up" at 11
o'clock.
At Nelson Indian scouts have taken up
the trail of one of the bandits and are
hopeful of soon capturing him. The trail
is clear and easily followed, as the man ia
riding one horse and leading another. He
has started northward from the railroad
toward Grand Canyon, a point situated
about thiity miles north of Kingman.
The body of the robber who win killed
is still at Peach Springs and as yet un
identified. The deceased was a young
man of slender build, about six feet in
height and of light complexion. From
his dress he was evidently a cowboy.
Nothing was found on his person that
would lead to his identification. It is be
lieved that he was one of the gang of cat
tle-thieves which had been operating in
the northern part of this Territory. The
inquest will probably be held Thursday.
GRIT OF THE MESSENGER.
Saved the Express- Car Treasure by Kill-
V ing the Leader.
, LOS ANGELES, Cal., Feb. 9.— The
Santa Fe overland train which was boarded
by outlaws near Nelson, Ariz., last night,
when one of the robbers was killed by Ex
press Messenger Alexander Summers, ar
rived in this city only thirty minutes lato
this afternoon. It was well crowded with
passengers, each of whom had his own
tale of experience to relate. Some ludi
crous scenes were described, but the spec
tators were not in a frame of mind to en
joy ttem. Many of these stories exag
gerated the attempted "hold-up" to a
wonderful degree, one woman claiming
that fifty shots were fired.
The passengers one and all praise the
courage and coolness of Express Messen
ger Summers. There is nothing too good
for that modest and unassuming gentle
man here to-night.
He has been overwhelmed with con
gratulations. Crowds gathered at nearly
all the stations on the route to Los
Angeles to yell for "Good boy Alex."
Messenger Summers, who has been in the
employ of the company for ten years,
described his exciting experience to a Calt_
correspondent this afternoon.
"As we slowed up," he said, "one of the
robbers proceeded to uncouple the mail
and baggage car from the balance of the
train. Just then Randal, my assistant,
said that one of them could be seen from
my car side door and remarked, 'I can
bring bim down.' I said, 'Hold on, don't
shoot; it may be a railroad man.' There
are two doors on each side of the car.
Randal went to the forward side-door to
the left to get out, while I took the one on
the right, nearest the rear end of the car.
I opened it cautiously, and not seeing any
one, dropped down carefully to the ground
aud was going to crawl under the car and
get on the brakebeam.
"The two cars had been uncoupled and
were moving along at this time. I am
quite up to jumping brakebeams, and as
the end of the car moved up to me I
grasped hold of the side rods, at the
same lime observing one of the robbers
standing on the lower step of the same
platform on the opposite side. When I
had drawn myself up I took good aim
with my revolver and fired. He tumbled
headlong off the step. He had in his hand
a small cut-off double-barrelled gun and
was looking forward at the time, endeavor
ing to get a bead on my helper, who was
trying to get down on the opposite side.
"As soon as I fired I dropped to the
ground, and the engine and mail and ex
press cars moved away. I could see my
man lying on the ground, but not knowing
whether he was dead or alive, 1 fired two
more shots at his body. I then went up
to him and found that he was dead. The
first bullet had entered the back of the
head, just above the left ear. I lifted his
mask and came to the conclusion that be
was a cowboy. I also found under his
coat a bag which was fastened around his
waist. It contained several sticks of
dynamite.''
Pullman Car Conductor Holmes made
First
Last and always Hood's Sarsaparilla purifies
the blood. That is why it permanently cures
when all other medicines have utterly failed.
OUwU lal
Sarsaparilla
Is the best— fact the One True Blood Purifier.
Hood's Pill*. a 2*!? fl .' promptly and
liuUU & .rills effectively 25 cents.2
the following statement, which he declares
is absolutely correct:
'"The robbers corralled the watchman
at Nelson, a station six miles east of the
springs, for four hours, waiting for No. 1
to come along. When the train showed
np they made the watchman flag the en
gineer with a white light. Stopping the
train the robbers compelled the fireman to
get out and cut the mail and express cars
off. The train conductor. Rice, was in
the sleeping-car with Conductor H. Bell
man of the sleeper. Both went forward
to see what the trouble was.' They were
ordered back. Conductor Rice had
reached the ground and was compelled to
return, the brakeman running to tie rear
to flag No. 5 following.
"After the expross and baggage cars had
1) 'en cv* off, the two messenger agents
jumped from the express-car. Agent
Summers crawling under the car, hid on
the trucks. As the car passed the air
brakes held so the cars stopped.
''bummers, getting out and stepping on
the rear steps of the express-car, saw the
robbers, who had commanded the fireman
to cut the train loose, step up on the op
posite step. Taking his revolver and
steadying it on the chest on the rear plat
form, he fired, killing the leader of the
gang. The cars commenced to move and
Summers jumped off.
"The roboers (there were two left) took
the engine and two cars, with the engineer
and mail clerk still on, and ran ten miles
west, one guarding the engineer and the
other the mail agent. The engine was
backed up twice to ccc if the leader would
not show up, during the time the robbers
ransacked the mail. They were at the
work for two hours, taking all the regis
tered letters.
"The conductor got the shotgun, a re
volver, eight sticks of dynamite and a
belt with eighty cartridges off the dead
robber. Taen, with Express Messenger
Summers, the fireman and one other
man, armed with what weapons they
could borrow from the passengers, they
went forward to find the engine ana cars,
coming upon them two miles away. The
robbers, seeing them coming, left the
train and fled to the mountains.
"Too much praise cannot be given Mes
senger Summers, who is a brave man. By
the killing oi -the leader the train was
saved, as the remaining two robbers had
no dynamite to blow open the safe or
cars. The passengers of the coach and
sleepers were terribly frightened. The
engine and cars were backed to the train.
The dead robber was placed upon the rear
platform of the express-car and brought
to Peach Springs, where the body was left.
The train proceeded on to Los Angeles,
arriving here about on time."
L. A. W. CONVENTION.
Lively Contest in Progress for the Na
tional Presidency — Good Roads Is
the Leading Question.
ALBANY, N. V., Feb. 9.— 1. B. Potter
and Sterling Elliott, candidates for Na
tional president of the L. A. W., are both
in the city. The assembly will be opened
Wednesday at 10 o'clock. Governor Black
will make the opening address and Lieu
tenant - Governor Woodruff, Speaker
O'Grady and other workers in the cause
will also make speeches.
The real session of the league will begin
Thursday and will last until Friday noon.
The banquet wiil be held at the Sianwix
Hotel Friday night. Governor Black.
Lieutenant-Governor Woodruff and Speak
er O'Grady will be among the guests.
Mr. Potter gives out the following state
meut in regard to bis campaign:
The work so far has been done by mv friends
and I cannot say definitely what my prospects
are. I have had assurances irom them to-day
that the situation is all right. We have had a
large number of letters trom Western dele
gates expressing a strong sentiment that a
western man should be elected Vice-Presi
dent, and there is a disposition among them
to get together ana name a man as candidate I
lor that office.
E. S. Hartwell of Denver will probably re
ceive the support of New York delegates lor
the office of treasurer, unless he decides oth
erwise. Connolly of Illinois and Morrison of
Wisconsin are highly esteemed by the New
York delegation, and'it would be presumptu
ous on the part of New York to select a West
ern man for an important position ln the ex
ecutive office until the sentiment of the West
is determined. 1 have made pledges and
promises, but in the ei.se of the success of my
tick. 1 1 have a clearly defined policy, and will
pursue It with as much zeal and vigor as have
been shown in building up the New York di
vision. ll is generally conceded that Mr. Gid
eon will succeed himself as chairman of the
Racing Board, and that the proposition should
be a salaried one. lam informed by Gideon
that the income ot his department last year
exceeded the disbursement by about $3000.
This sum may be well devoted to the chair
man, and I have no doubt that it will be.
The ereat work ior the league is the good
roads question. The work can be put on an
effective basis without cost. There are many
manufacturers and dealers in the United
States who have pecuniary interests in the
improvements to public highways, and from
my recent conversation with the most promi
nent of them I know that they stand ieady to
contribute a substantial sum to be expended
by the league in agitating these reforms. They
may succeed in beating me this time, but they
"must remember that Potter has a good deal of
indiarubber in his constitution and will meet
them in New Jersey next week.
♦
- AUSTRALIAN RASERALLERS.
Hill shortlir Reach San Francisco on a
Tour of the World.
CHICAGO, 111., Feb. 9.— A cablegram
from Australia has been received by Presi
dent Hart of the Chicago League Baseball
Club announcing that a team of Austra
lian baseball players ill sail from Sydney
by the March boat to San Francisco
nnd that Manager Harry Musgrove,
who successfully managed the Aus
tralian cricketers on their trip
around the globe last year, had
sailed on the Alameda, which is due to
arrive at San Francisco this month. Man
ager Musgrove comes in advance to com
plete arrangements for the tour of the
players. They want to play games with
clubs throughout the United States. Their
intention is to make a tour of the world.
Winner, at _.\««> Orleans
NEW ORLEANS, La , Feb. Seven furlongs,
Annie Teuton won, The Plutocrat second,
Seel bach third. Time, 1:35%.
Four furlongs. Nemo won, ">f iss Hattie sec
ond. Octave third. Time, :54.
One mi.c and twenty yards, Minnette won,
Jamboree second, Hanuo Belle third. Time,
1:52.
One mile and an eighth, St. Lee won, Brake
man second, Imiilop third. Time 1:58.
; One mile, John Conroy won, Connie Lee
second, St. Jo.n third. Time, 1:43%.
Sewn furlongs, St. Martin won, Itonaud sec
ond, Winsiow third. Time, 1:34..
Twenty- Round Tight to a Draw.
CINCINNATI, Ohio, Feb. o.— The
.twenty-round glove contest for a purse of
•SSOO between the feather-weights Eugene
Bezenah of this city and George Stout of
Omaha, Nebr., to-night before the East
End Club of Covington, Ky., was declared
a draw. Stout apparently had all the b st
of it. but could not knock Bezenah out.
Before the right Stout demanded and was
allowed a $50 forfeit because Bezenah was
one pound overweight.
Severe Wind and Snow Storm.
HURON. 8. D., Feb. 9. —A severe wind
and snow storm set in this afternoon, cov
ering the northern and western portions
of the State. It compelled the abandon
ing of many railway trains and the tying
up of others.
Mrs. . Rerchrr Very ',. Kent:.
STAMFORD, Conn., Feb. 9.— Late to
night Mrs. Beeeher is reported very weak.
TO CUKE A. COLO IX ONE DAY.
.Take laxative Bromo Quinine Tablets. All drug
gists refund the money it it falls to cure. __sc.
TRIED TO WRECK
A JAMAICA TRAIN
Infernal Machines Placed
on the Track Near
Kingston.
A Locomotive Badly Jarred, but
the Diabolical P.ot Is
Frustrated.
Conflict B.tween French Colonists and
Brazilians— Two of the Former
R ported Killed.
Correspondence of The United Associated Presses.
KINGSTON, Jamaica, Feb. 3. — The
president of the American corporation con
trolling the Jamaica Railroad arrived here
on Thursday from New York. Whether
this had anything to do with what hap
pened on Saturday is not known. It is,
however, a fact that on Friday afternoon
several local newspapers received an an
nouncement, written in red ink and ap
parently with some such blunt instru
ment as a whittled stick, that it was the
writer's intention to destroy the railway.
This was regarded as a joke and passed
unnoticed; but on Saturday morning such
an attempt was actually made.
As the passenger train from Kingston
arrived at a point a couble of miles from
this station it came to a sudden halt and a
slight jar was felt. On inquiries being
made the engineer declared ihat someone
had fired off a gun under the engine as it
passed, but no persons or gun could be
found and so the train proceeded, although
the engine crew concurred that there had
been some sort of an explosion under the
engine and every one on the train felt the
jar.
Later on were discovered some odd
looking things along the track in the
same place and the matter was reported
to the station. An inspector of police and
a railway engineer went out on a trolley
to investigate and found what they in part
expected they would find — the remnants
of an infernal machine. But they also
found something else — a similar machine
intact. Appearances indicated that two
explosive bombs, diabolically conceived
but very poorly contrived, had been
placed on the track for the morning
passenger-train. One had exploded, but
with little or no result, while the other
bad been hurled off the track by the
force of the explosion and its fuse ex
tinguished. They were contrived to go
off on contact, but bad been lighted and
placed on the track as the train was ap
proaching. One acted on time and the
other, possibly lighted a moment after its
mate, was blown away.
What was found of the exploded bomb
consisted of three burst and rent milk tins
bearing the traces of gunpowder. The
intact one was a package containing simi
lar tins tilled with giant powder and iron
filings, to which was attached a connect
ing fuse a couple of feet long, the end of
which bad been ignited. The whole was
well packed in a box of earth the size of a
large ciirar-box. The police are investi
gating the matter.
Details of the fresh trouble between tho
French colonist, at Cayenne and the Bra
zilians in the trans-Amazonian provinces
of Brazil, which may lead to further dip
lomatic trouble before tho arbitration
agreement is reached, have been received
here.
The advices received are from Cayenne
and state that the acute tension between
the French and Brazilians at Para, wbich
reached Its height in the Mapa incident
last year, has latterly been revived by the
proclamation of St. Marie Belem as a free
port.
Up to that time matters had gone
smoothly enough, or at any rate there
was no direct friction, although the rela
tions between the local representatives of
the Brazilians and the colonists bad been
anything but pleasant. Trouble was
averted only by the announcement that
the diplomatic negotiations for tho'settle
ment of the boundary dispute were pro
gressing favorably.
Now the tension has been rendered
acute once more by a report that a Freuch
mining expedition into the Cachipour
district, in the disputed territory fiom
which it wis agreed that all troops be
withdrawn pending the settlement, had
been met by a force of Brazilian soldiers
and been made prisoners, after which one
or two of the French prisoners had beeu
shot.
The circumstances as told in the ad
vices to hand are that a party of mining
prospectors, under the leadership of a
Frenchman named Tilbert, bad entered
the Cachipour district. The party con
sisted of a number of Cayennese Creoles
and colored mine laborers from Mar
tinique and the English islands ot St. Lu
cia and Dominica.
There were twenty of them all told, in
cluding a woman. They ascended the
Cachipour River without any interference
until arriving at the Degrad lifeline land
ing, where they commenced erecting car
bets, or what are known in the West as
"wickiups." But before the party had
got through with this preliminary work,
and, of course, beiore they had begun
prospecting, they were suddenly sur
rounded by upward of 150 armed Brazil
ians, who came down on them out of the
bush and fired upon them without chal
lenge.
Tilbert naturally supposed that he was
being attacked by brigands, and as thu
was to be looked for the fire was returned,
but it at once became apparent that they
had to deal with a large body of soldiers
and not a few wandering brigands. Til
bert then ordered his men to stop firing,
but the soldiers continued to fire, and
many of the party plunged into the river
and attempted to net away in their boats.
These were fired upon and one or two
killed, while the others escaped and made
their way down the river. Tilbert and
the rest of his men were made prisoners.
The leader of tho Brazilians was an offi
cer named Perez. He sent the woman
under escort to Carsevene, but detained
Tilbert and five of his miners. These,
later advices state, Perez compelled to go
forward to the place whither the party
had been bound, and which appears to be
a promising gold field, and made t: em
work getting out the gold and teaching
the Brazilians how to do it So far the
prisoners had not been ill-treated, but at
the same time they were being kept hard
at work securing gold for their captors and
without any prospect of reward.
Fearing some reprisal from the French
Perez had sent to Para to ask for rein
forcements, but according to the advices
the Governor of Cayenne has decided to
take no action in the way of reprisal, but
has sent a protest against the disturbance
of the status quo to Para and laid the
matter before the Government at Paris.
Meanwhile all private mining operations
in the disputed, territory have been sus
pended, as they were only being carried
on with the understanding that the
political status quo would be respected on
both sides.
Public feeling runs high at Cayenne,
where the Governor is blamed for not
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 10, 1897.
sending out a punitive expedition, even at
the risk of creating another Mapa incident.
LEAKY EXECUTIVE SESSIONS.
Despite the junction of Secrecy Imposed
Upon Senators Their Proceedings
Appear in Print.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Feb. 9.— For at
least half of the four and a hall hours the
Senate was in secret session to-day the
press reports of yesterday's session were
the subject of discussion. Senators were
indignant that, after they had voted so
overwhelmingly that the doors should be
closed, the facts as they occurred in the
chamber should be permitted to reach the
public.
The discussion was precipitated imme
diately after the consideration of a few
nominations by Vest asking if the treaty
was to be considered in executive session,
stating that if it was it would be well for
the Senate to ascertain if it really was in
secret session.
V^st continued to comment rather sar
castically upon the light that had been
thrown upon -.he proceedings, but admit
ted the accuracy of the press icports.
The discussion waxed warm and was
participated in by Senators Hill, i'ugh,
Hoar, Gallinger, Hale, Teller, Stewart and
others.
There was an intimation that officers of
the Senate had been guilty of violation of
the rules by giving away executive se
crets, but this was combated by Mr. Hill,
who said that everybody knew executive
matters were told by Senators and nc one
else. The discussion disclose 1 the fact
that Senators recognized the accuracy of
the newspaper reports and had made up
their minds to stop the leak if possible.
There was some talk of appointing a
committee of investigation on the subject,
alter the fashion of the committee ap
pointed several years ago, which resulted
in the dismissal of an executive clerk
charged with having told newspaper men
executive secrets, but against whom no
evidence had been secured.
Some Senators took the ground that
such a proceeding would have no bene
ficial result, and the debate finally calmed
down aft- some of the older Senators had
scored their junior brethren for the sup
posed offense of talking about things
which were forbidden.
The men who had made the fight yester
day for an open session found in the sub
ject under discussion additional reasons
why their motion should prevail, and
urged the Senate to reconsider the sub
ject, but this was not done.
Teller declared his opposition to the
secret performance in which the Senate
was engaging. The country, he said, was
interested in the arbitration treaty. Tho
text of that treaty and the amendments
had been made public and the people
were talking about it. They had been
petitioning Congress to ratify the treaty.
It there were good reasons why the treaty
should be ratified they were entitled to
know them, and if Senators had reasons
for voting against the treaty the public
ought to be permitted to know why Sen
ators took such action. The attempt at
secri-cy was a mockery, and Teller -a.d he
did not believe the Senate could main
tain H_
After this discussion had ceased several
amendments wore offered, and without
being read went over to be printed. Sen
ator Morgan had several and Senator
Stewart of Nevada sent a handful to the
cleric's desk. There will be innumerable
amendments before the discussion is over. ,
Conservative Senators to-day said it was
apparent this debate was to be kept up for
some time and the chances were that no
action could be had until after the 4th of
March. From the4;h of March until the
extra session is convened the Senate will
be in session considering nominations and
if the treaty haa not been disposed of by
that time it will probably be discussed
every day. It will not be withdrawn by
McKinley and Sherman, as Secretary of
State, will be as zealous in securing its
ratification as he now is a3 a Senator in
charge ol the convention.
lt was late in the afternoon when the
discussion was turned to lhe treaty
proper. Stewart made a short speech
against the instrument and repeated some
some of the arguments he advanced yes
terday when discussing the motion to
open the doors. In brief Stewart believes
it would be a good thing to reject the
treaty because Great Britain wants it. He
is suspicious of tbat country and believes
that her intentions are not what they
purport to be.
Morgan consumed the remainder of the
afternoon in a continuation of bis speech
begun yesterday. The indications are that
be will not conclude for several days. He
read freely this afternoon from the re
ports of the State Department and of the
Senate Committee on the Nicaraguan
Canal and the Clayton-Bulwer treaty, and
quoted copiously from the State Depart
ment correspondence with our Ministers
abroad on the same subject. Ho said it
would be necessary for this Government,
before binding itself in a general treaty of
arbitration, to settle the question of the
vitality of the Clayton-Bui treaty and
ascertain in what light Great Britain views
that ancient and much discussed conven
tion, which, he contended, ought never to
have been negotiated, but once negotiated
ought never to have been ratified by the
Senate.
He then offered an amendment provid
ing for the abrogation of the Clayton-
Bulwer treaty and advocated it at some
length. Morgan has always been opposed
to that treaty, and to-day he said that the
conditions that appeared to make it neces
sary when negotiated no longer existed.
The treaty was obselete, and so far as we
are concerned unnecessary.' althouch
Great Britain would seize every opportun
ity to make it answer her purposes.
He called attention to .the fact that
whenever Congress had discussed the pro
posed construction of the Nicaragnan
_anal this treaty hart been used as a club
to stop the United States. T ere could be
no doubt, Morgan said, that Great Britain
would make this general treaty of arbitra
tion serve her ends, a. she' had the Clay-
Lon-Bulwor treaty.
In the further course of his speech
Morgan called attention to the aggres
siveness of Great Britain in the Mosquito
jountry to show that she bad time and
»cain violated the provisions of that com
pact and by her violations practically nul
lified the treaty. The United States had
never taken official action and no time
was so opportune as the present. The oc
casion had now presented itself when the
United States could properly declare its
position and announce to Great Britain
that the Clayton-Bulwer treaty was no
longer considered by us to be in exis
tence.
Morgan also contended that the Nica
raguan canal should be excepted from the
treaty by name, and gave notice that he
should offer an amendment to tbat effect.
He also elaborated his proposition, gener
ally stated, yesterday, that the pending
treaty was improper because it virtually
look from the Senate its prerogative under
the constitution as a branch of the treaty:
making power of the Government and
lodged that power in : the hands of the
President alone.
IMMIGRANTS AND
BIRDS OF PASSAGE
Second Agreement of Con
ferees Agreed To by
the House.
Changes in the Measure Which
Make lis Enac ment a
Certainty.
Bills Allowing Pensions to WiJows
of Soldiers Are Passed Over
the Presidential Veto.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Feb. 9.— or
der that it might prepare the bill making
appropriations for carrying on the postal
service in the year ending June 80, 1898,
the Committee on Postoflices and Post
roads, on motion of Loud (II.) of Califor
nia, was permitted to sit during the ses
sions of the House.
Danford (R.) of Ohio called up the sec
ond agreement of the conferees upon the
migration tii!, presented to the
Hou-e yesterday, and after treating of the
statement by the conferees he demanded
the previous question. This was seconded;
95 to 12.
The bill as agreed upon provides for the
admission of illiterate wives and children
of immigrants who themselves are eligi
ble to admission. The educational test
was changed so as to admit any male im
! migrant otherwise qualified who can read
| and write the English or some other lan
i guage. The first agreement compelled
the immigrants to read and write tbe lan
! guage of their native or resident nation.
The sections relating to the coming of
"birds of passage," especially over the
Canadian border, have been changed to
read as follows:
Sec. 4. That it shall hereafter be unlawful
for any male alien who ha*, no; in good faith
made ids declaration before the proper court
of his intention to become a citizen of the
United Slates to be employed on any public
works of tne United States or to come regu-
I larly or habitually into the United States by
| land or water lor the purpose of engaging in i
i any mercantile trade or manual labor for
1 wages or salary, returning from time to time
! to a foreign country.
j Sec. 5. That It shall be unlawful for any
| person, partnership, company or corporation
I knowingly to employ any one coming into tlie
I United States if ln violation of the preceding
I section of this act; provided, that the provis
'. ions of this act shall not apply to the employ
! ment of sailors, deckhands or other empoyos
of vessels or railroad train hands, such as con
i ductors, porters, brakemen, firemen or bag
gagemen, whose duties equire them to pass
over the frontier to reach tne termini of their
runs, or to guides or pilots on lhe lakes and
rivers on the northern border of the United
States.
Sec. 6. That any violation of sections 4 and
5 of this act by any citizen shall be deemed a
misdemeanor, punishable by a fine not exceed
ing $500 or by imprisonment for the term not
exceeding oae year, or by both such tine and
Imprisonment in the d seretion of the court, \
provided that all persons convicted of a viola
tion of .cnion 4 of this act shall be deported
to the country whence they came. ; .
Sec. 7. That, notwithstanding the provision
of this or any other existing law. the Secretary
of the Treasury may permit aliens to enter
: this country for the purpose of teaching new
arts or industries under such rules and regu
lations as he may provide. . . - \---i
A new section was added as follows:
Sec. B.T hat lhi« act shall not apply to persons
arriving in the United States from any port or
place in the island of Cuba during the con
tinuance of the present disorders there, who*
have heretofore been inhabitants of that
island. •
The conference report on the immigra
tion bill was agreed to — 162 to 14. A de
mand for the ayes and no. a was seconded
and this vote resulted: Ayes 217, noes 37.
Mahany (R.) of New York antagonized
the adoption of the conference report.'
The bill, he said, would admit freely an
archists, socialists and communists and at
the same time keep out God-tearing men
who, with their descendants, would make
good citizens of the Republic.
Barthold (R.) of Michigan, one of the
conferees who did not sign either report,
; expressed his gratification at the form
things had taken. Every objectionable
feature he bad to oppose last week had
been eliminated and the amen ments he
proposed in conference had been incor
porated into the bill. It met bis approval
now altogether, save as to the educational
requirement for immigrants who come in
as domestic servants, and be believed Con
gress would be compelled to make an ex
ception a. to them within a year.
Pending the discussion of the bill a
message was received from the Senate
conveying a concurrent resolution re
questing the President to return to Con
gress the Senate bill recently passed to
amend the act to repeal the timber-culture
law. On motion of Hyde (K.) of Wash
ington the House concurred in the resolu
tion.
Tne immigration bill was further dis
cussed, by Keifer (R.) of Minnesota, Ma
guire (D. ) of California and McCall (R.)of
Massachusetts, and the report was agreed
t0— 162 to 14.
A demand for the ayes and noes was
seconded. The vote resulted: Ayes 217,
noes 37.
Hooker (R.) of New York called up and
the House passed the Senate bill to amend
the river and harbor bill of last year so as
to give Admiral Walker, the naval mem
ber of the board to examine and report
upon the site for a deep-water harbor on
the Pacific Coast, the same mileage and
per diem as the civilian members of the
board.
The President's veto of the bill to grant
a pension to Rachael Patton, a soldier's
widow who afterward married and Is now
the divorced widow of her recent husband,
was called up by Wood (R.) of Illinois.
Advocating tbe passage of the bill Cum
mings (D.) of New York made a forcible
speech of a couple of minutes.
The bill was passed — the objections of
the President to the contrary notwith
standing—l 37 to 60.
Sulloway (R.) of New Hampshire called
up the bill to pension Caroline Mo watt,
which had been vetoed by President
Cleveland upon the same ground as in the
Patton case. 3jS_esi
Grow (R. of Pennsylvania submitted a
few remarks on the general subject of
pensions. Referring to these particular
cases he said it would be true that repub
lics were ungrateful if the executive
branch of the Government permitted the
present conditions to continue, which he
characterized a\ "an injustice to the liv
ing and a wrong to the dead."
The bill was parsed over the veto— l 43
to 55. PwBVPBEHHAAI
The message from the President trans
mitting the passport regulations of the
several countries . in Europe, Asia and
Africa as collected by United States Con
suls and reported to the State Depart
, KEW TO-DAY.
Under eminent scientific control.
"APENTA
The Best Natural Laxative Water.
Speedy % Sure, and Gentle.**
ment, was laid before the House and re
ferred to the Committee on Foreign Af
fairs; also the message transmitting the
report of the Civil Serv'cs Commission.
Referred to the Committee on Civil
Service.
The following measures were passed:
Senate bill to provide for the examination
and promotion o: past assistant- surgeons
in the nayy — none to be made within six
months of the passage of the bill; House
bill to amend the copyright laws so as to
i uni-h the unauthorized or misleading
use of the word "copyright." Honse joint
resolution directing the public printer to
send a copy of the Congressional Record
to each newspaper correspondent named
in the Congressional Directory.
The House then, at 4:os" o'clock, ad
journed until to-morrow.
SENATE PROCEEDINGS.
The Arbitration Treat'j Again Discussed
Behind Closed Doors.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Feb. 9.— ln the
Senate to-day a resolution was reported
from the Committee on Contingent Ex
penses, and agreed to instructing the
Judiciary Committee to proceed with the
investigation in the matter of Charles M.
AmiUon, nominated to be District Judge
for the district of North Dakota.
On motion of Hoar (R.) of Massachu
setts, it was ordered that at 10 minutes be
fore 1 o'clock to-morrow the Senate shall
proceed to the hall of the House of Repre
sentatives to'take part in the count of the
electoral vote for President and Vice-Pres
ident of the United Mates.
The resolution offered yesterday by Pet
tigrew (Sil.) of South Dakota, withdraw
ing from the President a bill as to timber
culture land, was presented and agreed
to, Hill (I) ) of New York stating that the
question as to tht* constitutionality of
such withdrawal could be raised and de
cided when the bill came again before the
Senate, if the President should return it.
Senate bill appropriating $250,000 to aid
in the improvement of South Pas., by
closing the existing crevasse in Passe a
I' Outre in the Mississippi River was, on
motion of Cattery (D.) of Louisiana, taken
from the calendar and passed.
At 12:40 o'clocK, on motion of Sherman
(R.) ol Otiio, chairman of the Committee
on Foreign Relations, the Senate pro
ceeded to the consideration of executive
! business— the Anglo-American treaty of
1 arbitration.
Morgan, who had the floor when the
Senate adjourned last evening, took up
his speech against the convention at the
point where he was broken off. There
was some discussion soon after the doors
were closed this afternoon about the un
usual publicity and accuracy relative to
the secret debate of yesterday, Vest call
in the attention of the Senate to the re
ports in the morning papers. The Mis
souri Senator said it was something: of a
farce for the Senate to refuse to open the
doors and then to find the debate re
ported as fully as if the reporters were in
the galleries.
He accused no one, but intimated that
he should like very much to know where
the leak was. Vest, however, did not as
certain the source whence the information
comes.
Several Senators coincided with Vest
and a general criticism was indulged in
for a few minutes in the hope that the
talkative Senators might, take the hint
and cease giving away executive secrets.
The Senate remained in executive ses
sion until 5:33 when adjournment was
taken until to-morrow.
HUGS IN A HrtRROR BILL.
Withington Acts JC luting to tiie ________
pi ovement of San Diego.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Feb. 9.— Senator
! Withington, who poses as a reformer of
! the most puritanical character on the
■ score of having been a member of the
! Legislature of the State of Massachusetts,
j lias broken the record for the number of
i "bugs".that can be concealed in a bill,
and a small bill at that. In a short docu
ment of eleven lines, providing, according
to its title for the improvement of San
Diego harbor, three "bugs" were neatly
entombed. While their covering was not
crystalline in clearness, it was yet suf
ficiently translucent to make visible on a
close scrutiny the real objects of the bill.
Originally the bill provided for the ap
propriation of $50,000 for, among other
things, a State wharf at San Dieao, the
legal expenses incurred in securing the
possession of tbe tide land*. in San Diego
Bay, and- otber indebtedness oi the State
Board of Harbor Commissioners for the
bay of San Diego. The State Committee
on Commerce reduced the appropriation
to $45,000.
Senator Withington's public spirit and
disinterestedness is shown by the fact that
he is the attorney whose "legal expenses"
are provided for ia this bill. It is pro
posed to construct, a State wharf to cost
$-5,000 out of the appropriation, though
reports say that a structure such as it is
intended to build will not last three years.
The only reason for its construction is
said to be to create a source of revenue out
of which the Harbor Commissioners of
San D.ego can secure their salaries of
$25 a month. While these salaries are
fixed by law no provision has ever been
made for their payment, it being intended
that, they shall come out of the revenues
of the office whenever there shall be any
duties to perform in connection with it.
By Witiiington's bill duties and revenue
will both he created, but the advantage to
San Diego, in view of the excellent wharf
facilities that already exist there, will be
difficult to discover.
As amended, however, by the Commit
tee on Commerce the bill was made to ap
propriate $-5,000 lor the wharf alone,
which is to be built under the direction of
the Harbor Commissioners. While Sena
tor Withington says be does not now hope
to be paid out of this appropriation, he
yet expects the State to compensate him
self lor his services. Although tie bill
was introduced by Witbington, and there
is a strong, suspicion that he can read
English, he stated to-dny that he was un
aware of the fact tbat the payment of his
services was provided for in the original
bill.
TO AID GAS COMPANIES.
Senator Linder Anxious to .Make Con-
sumer. Rut Up Deposits.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Feb. 9— Every
intending consumer. of gas in the State,
who is not a real estate owner, will be
compelled to pay a deposit of $2 50 or $5
before be is supplied with a meter, if the
bill introduced by Senator Under to-day
becomes a law. It provides that: "No
individual, firm or corporation furnishing
gas shall require any deposit from the
owner of any building in which and for
whom a meter is furnished, but upon the
request of a tenant or lessee of a building
or room, such individual, firm or corpora
tion may demand and collect a deposit
not to exceed $2 50 in cases where such
building or room contains ten or 1 ss
burners, and a deposit of $5 in cases where
the number of burners exceed ten."
Under the present law the gas companies
must put in a meter on demand within ten
days after a written request for the same
is made, or make tuemselves liable to
civil suit for pecuniary damages.
Deafness is more common in cold coun
tries than in warm climates, the ear being
very sensitive to atmospheric changes.
V _.«•_-.- NEW TO-DAT.
We were )
astonished
C&aZ? tL^__/ ML a is. a_-7 JL SL -^g.
Used, as we are, to big
crowds ; the numbers who
took advantage of our
great offer surprised us.
We're going 'em
six bits better
The identical suits — except that ours are all wool; we
guarantee every thread to be pure wool, or your money
• refunded.
"The very cleverest of suits in the new shades of
Havana brown, in Tricot Lawn. Those pretty suitings
in neat overplaids, the very cleverest of blue and black
serge cheviots, in single and double breasted sacks.
Prettier garments never left the tailors' bench."
Till Saturday night only, remember.
Remember also, that we keep every suit in
repair one year free of all charge.
S. N. WOOD & CO.
(COLUMBIAN WOOLEN MILLS),
541 Market Street,
Directly Opposite Sansome.
jf^^\ Wasting
iff __a_> « Manhood.
Vfvf \ 1 *fy__a_roL DISEASES ARE bad ENOUGH,
_'.__. La* ____) H f-'uut when a man is slowly wasting away
\ _r*foi, _r^2__M______. <■ with nervous debility the menial fore-
TgE^v'*. tfffm^mP^'s <aX bodin-ns are ten times worse than the most
( M^^ia,sSSf^^--'^eysMMm\\As^ severe pain. There is no let-up to the mental
M^H_B ! ¥?'s> sufferings day or night. sleep is almost im-
■ _*_-#f myffimS v&S«_iSS_-?*-_v possible, and under such a strain men ore
* t^sj\?fKc£ /•H.iHßSB_i»'i scarcely responsible for what they do. When
yfl (r?-J?~ 'ip f p >:s^ i^-4S^H__Pnr^igJ' once started this ailment makes rapid head*
gA* I ..^*^!^ '.&?__' .i^^*_ v a *>' and undermines your health and strength
*W.**)_*"_ it____' 'Hnkir I .^_i^-_J___^!^^_. before you are aware of it, so slyly does it steal
2_____-___!_S?n^ u P° n you, resulting in unnatural losses, ex-
_^_i___ hausting drains, dizziness, a feeling of de-
DR. SWEANY spondency and despair, loss of memory, pains
„.„ „ . '- . - . 7\, * , ' \ in the head and back, a wandering mind, pal-
hose reputation is established by ten years pitation of the heart, unfitness for study or
of successful practice at 737 Market work, lack of confidence and energy, an aver-
street, San Francisco. sion to society, loss of manly power, etc.
__...__... ■; . , _ Nervous Debility Is usually the result of youth-
ful indiscretions, excessive indulgences, overstudy, dissipation, etc. If voa suffer from this
baneful disease and desire to be cured, desire to regain health, strength and manly vigor
desire to have your energies restored and once more enjoy the zest and happiness of life, con
suit DR. SWEANY, the greatest specialist of the age. who invariably cures where other*
fall. Do not wait until it is too late. * *
A WEAK BACK d.-at... It ?__"?_. VARICOCELE B»iS.
mistakablo sign of diseased kidneys. Does . dern.ss oi the organs and glands treated
your back ache ? Do you have sediment with unfailing success,
or brick-dust deposit in the urine? Do you ' ..
urinate frequently? Have you weakness RUPTURE New method, sure cure, pain-
of the sexual organs, partial or total impo- "Ur I U lib* less treatment, no detention
tency? It you have any of these symp- ■ from work, no experiments," no truss. A
toms you have diseased kidneys. To neg- positive, certain and permanent cure.
left these troubles means to you diabetes QDCniAI ninrnAPn such as con-
B _«T;vv me " nd _? prema, _ e « rave - SPEC AL DISEASES tagious B c^ n _
DR. SWEANI invariably cures these dis- Poison Stricture, etc. positively and for-
eases - ever cured.
LADIES will receive special and careful treatment for all their many all-
WPITP **' a ? v , fty from the city, as DR. SWEANY has a system of home treatment
Ti.:.i!_.'..!r that is entirely his own. Thousands are cured at home. Book, "Guide to
fidence* observed 6on all the organs and their diseases, free on application, strictest con-
-o_A.3__.l_j OR ADDRESS j
F. L. SWEANY, M.D.,
•73*7' _-VE____.-E-_.____C_E:-_7 STREET
' SAN FRANCISCO. CAL.
- ; ; — i 1
OR, MARTIN'S GREAT PAIN CUREB
OF THE KGB
IS A CERTAIN CURE FOR
Rheumatism, Neuralgia, Pains in General, Dyspepsia, Dysen-
tery, Uiolera Morbus, Diphtheria, Sore Throat, Pneumonia,
iservous Complaints, Liver and Kidney Complaints, Sciatica,
Lumbago, Colds, Coughs, Local and General Debility, Head-
acne, Earache, Toothache, Sickness in Stomach, Backache,
Burns, Swellings, Boils, Sores, Ulcers, Colic, Cramps, Sprains,
cruises, Scalds, Wounds, Indigestion, Skin Diseases, Excessive
ucnings and many other complaints too numerous to name here.
. PRICE, 25c, 50c, $1.00 PER BOTTLE.
L. CALLISCH, Wholesale Agent for the Pacific Coast, San Jose, Cal. \
For tale by all druggists. The trade supplied by Redington & Co., Mack <fc Co. and
_• - ' Langley & Michaels, San Francisco. *■•
BRUSHES™ 1 I
brewers, bookbinders, canUv-mak«r_ , — ____* !
Jyera, flourmills, toundrieT iw^riis c ** ___t£ I
hanger,, printers, painters, sho^^L £2*
: _____ tar-roofers, tauners. tailors, eta ' Uol ** ■
| *ru.h Manufacturer.. 60S. aacrimento-l.
» r " hM »u ufacturer.. 60»-.»c_.__ meßtoSw I
tfcMUHH'S g% O H 1 1 liAf
£LIXIR SFUnUIIZ
The pura csstatial **"** ft» the native drag. o*+
tains .ill the, valuable medicinal properties of < ."' ; *
without 'ts noxlou.. elements. - No _Jc_nS"f -to««'* B «
, i... vomit_ig .no ccmtlveneai , no he____w_UB/^ Drwrß^' 3 "
' ' "*•<»<• i "•»GOVERNOR BUDD
VETOES THE BILL
Refuses to Approve the
Appropriation for State
Printing.
Declares That His Attempt to
. Secure Economy in the
O.fice Failed.
republican Assemblymen Do Not
Listen Patiently and Refuse to
Hear All of It Read.
SACRAMENTO, Cal.. Feb. 9. — The
House was in committee of the whole dis
cussing the labor bill to-day when a mes
sage was received from the Governor.
Several amendments had been made to
the bill, the most important being that
the term of office of the Labor Commis
sioner was shortened to two years instead
of four years. North of Alameda oaid
the amendment should prevail if for no
other reason than it was a Republican
amendment.
"This experiment may be a failure," he
added, "and we may want to discontinue
it two years hence. I admit that the gen
tleman now in the office is a competent
man, but he is a Democrat, and that is
enough for us. We are willing that the
Governor may appoint him for two years,
but we wain to have the privilege of abol
ishing the office and appointing some one
else two years hence."
Just after this amendment had been
adopted Private Secretary McCabe and
Assistant Serjeant-at-Arms William
Lamphrey appeared in the middle aisle,
and after McCabe's presence had been
announced, he informed the House that
the Governor had returned without his
approval Leavitt's Assembly bill 263, ap
propriating $75,000 to rteet the deficiency
in the State Printing Office. The Gov
ernor also submitted a message on the
subject, which was handed up to the desk,
but was not read, such a proceeding not
being allowable in committee of the
whole.
No further notice was taken of the veto
and the message until the committee of
the whole rose and reported that it had
decided to recommit the labor bill to the
committee, thus blocking the progress of
what is understood to be the Governor's
pet bill.
This action was taken by the House in
a jiffy, and Clerk Duckworth proceeded to
read the message. When he had got half
way through further reading was dis
pensed with, and Leavitt of Alameda
moved to make the message the special
order for next Thursday afternoon at 2
o clock. In the meantime he said that
the members would have ample oppor
tunity to read the report, which would ap
p ar in to-morrow's journal.
Dennery raised a laugh by asking
whether there was sufficient money in the
S.aie printing fund to print the message
of the Governor. He thought that ii
might be well to adopt the Governor's
suggestion and have the message let out
• by private contract to the lowest respon
sible bidder.
Caminetti then took up the fight of the
"minority and asked for the appointment
of a committee or to instruct the proper
committee to brine bark a report upon the
discrepancies in the State Printer's office
as aiieced in the Governor's message.
The speaker was about to explain some
thing in connection with the Governor's
attitude, when he was called to order by
Leavitt.
Dennery of San Francisco took the floor
on a question of personal privilege. "The
gentleman from Amador has made the
statement that he in not afraid to meet
the issue, he said. I will say to him that
he will have ample opportunity to meet
the issue next Thursday afternoon at 2
o'clock."
Mei.ck seconded the motion to lay over
the matter until Thursday. By that time
the committee would be able to tell
whether or not there was any money in
the State printing fund and also would be
able to make an estimate as to how much
money would be needed. Several wit
nesses, including the Governor, had been
subpenaed before the committee, but did
come. .
Caminetti returned to the charge and
moved that the Committee on Ways and
Means be instructed to make an investi
gation i ,to the apparent discrepancies
mentioned in the Governor's veto mes
sage and to have its report on the same
ready by next Thursday morning.
Emmons (Fusionist) seconded the nomi
nation. __*___*•§?■
At this juncture Guy ot San Diego
thought that it would be more appro
priate to refer that matter to the Com
mittee on Public Printing. The Com
mittee on Ways and Means had already
reported favorably on the appropriation
and iiad given their reasons in full.
Dibble ended the matter by moving to
lay Cammetti's motion on the table, and
it was so ordered by _ vote of 39 to 24.
The matter was thereupon made the spe
cial order for Thursday afternoon.
Appended is Governor Budd's message
complete:
To the Honorable Assembly of the Stale of Cali
f Gentlemen: I return herewith Assem
bly bill No. 203 without my appro, aland with
my objections thereto. The title of the pro
posed act is "An act making an appropriation
ior the support of the State Printing Office for
the forty-eighth fiscal year," while it is in
tended that it shall serve the purpose oi a defi
ciency appropriation. Under th. provisions
of the act of March 23, 1893 (Statutes of 1893,
pnge2Ss), "No officer or employe in the serv
ice ol the State shall nave power to create any
deficiency in excess of any appropriation made
br law, except In case of actual necessiy, and
only then uuon the written authority first ob
tained of the Governor. Secretary of State and
Attorney-General, and any indebtedness at
tempted to ue created against the State in
violation cf the provisions of this act shall be
aosolulely null and void and shall not be al
lowed by the State Board of Examiners."
, Section 5 of the eeneral appropriation act of
1895 (Statutes 1895, page '289) is more com
prehensive, and provides that no such at
tempted indebtedness shall be paid out of any
State appropriations, and that the officer who
creates any such indebtedness without procur
ing the proper written consent shall be liable
therefor upon his official bond.
• The superintendent of State printing has
not complied with the provisions of either of
the above acts; has not made to the State
Hoard of Examiners the required showing of
"actual necessity." nor has he obtained a cer
tificate "in writing, duly signed, by every
member of said board, of the unavoidable ne
cessity of such expenditure." By letter to
this office ol date February 3, 1897, Mr. John
ston, the superintendent, intimates tnat after
January 18, 1897, a deficiency existed in the
appropriation for the support of his office, his
language being : "I desire to say that up to
the 18th day of January there was no defi
ciency to the appropriation for the printing
office, and therefore there could be no appli
cation made to the Board of Examiners except
fra contemplated deficiency, which might or
might not occur, although in all probability
the amount of work tbat would devolve upou
this office by reason of the Legislature being
in session would require the expenditure of
more money than would be available."
Notwithstanding this statement, long prior
to the date of this letter, Mr. Johnston had
made a written application to tne State Board
of Examiners for a written recommendation
to the Legislature for the appropriation of
$75,000 asked for in the bill under discussion.
"Whan l sent for Mr. Johnston, requesting that
he should come before the board and be ques
tioned as to the necessity for the appropria
tion, on January 11, he withdrew his applica
tion and has not since appeared before the
HUNTINGTON WANTS TO COMPROMISE.
FR AXKFORT, Ky., Feb. 9.— The Southern Pacific Railroad has been awakened
by the contemplated suit of Attorney-General Taylor and has requested a conference
with the Attorney-General, who has prepared a suit which it was his intention to file.
H untington has engaged Messr*. Humphrey ond Davie, two of the most able lawyers
in Kentucky. They want a conference with General Taylor, and to-day held a com
munication with him by wire. They arranged for conference to-morrow, and it is
safe to say will offer compromise payment of taxes to the State. This will be refused
unless the road agrees to come up to the letter and spirit of the law, and it now looks
as if suit will be brought; and unless the road conforms to ths law a recommendation
for the repeal of the charter of the big company will be asked and contemplated by an
extra session of the Legislature.
board, asked for nor obtained the authority |
or consent of the board required by the acts of
1893 and 1895. above cited.
Assembly bill No. 203, if it received my ap- |
proval, would not amend or repeal these acts, I
nor does it attemtx, in words to do so, and j
claims or indebtednesses attempted to be con- i
tracted in violation of them would not be pay- j
able out of the proposed appropriation, nor
would future indebtedness attempted to be
incurred be so payab c until the requirements
o: the acts of 1893 and 1895 had been met. If
it Is proposed to exempt the Superintendent
of State Printing from the urovis ons of these
sets, to relieve him from his present legal ob
ligation to obtain the written consent of tho
entire Board of Examiners before he shall in
cur a deficiency, to relieve him from the per
sonal liability provided for in the act of 1895,
and to attempt to validate the indebtedness
incurred in violation of these acts, then the
proposed act is subject to the fatal constitu
tional objection Jthat it embraces more than
"one subject, which subject shall be ex
pressed in its title.'
If it is to meet a deficiency in an appropria
tion, if it is to serve as a relief bill for the
Superintendent of State Printing, and if it
attempts to validate indebieduos which the
law states shall be invalid, it unquestionably
relates to more than one subject to which
proper expression is not given and which is
not wise legislation. If my contention is true,
and the proposed act is intended to effect a
deficiency appropriation will fail to accom
p.lsh its purpose of paying deficiencies already
incurred, or which will be incurred, until the
provisions of existing laws relating to de
ficiencies are complied with by the officer at
whose instance it was passed. If it is not in
tended as a deficiency within the meaning of
the acts of 1593 and 1895, or if it is intended
to exempt ib» Superintendent of 8 ate Print
ing and the indebtedness contracted Dy him
from the provisions of these acts, his can only
be accomplished by their amendment or re
peal, which is not effected or attempted. In ]
either case the funds attempted to be appro- |
priated by this bill would not be available for
the purpose intended.
This is not a merely technical objection, but
goes to the very integrity of our financial safe
guards. If the Superintendent of State Print
ing shall be exempted from the operation of
laws which experience has evolved and which
have proven wise and economic, who shall be
bound by them. Why discriminate between
the different departments of the State Govern
ment?
But I object to this bill on other than legal
grounds. Two years ago an effort was made to j
pay off all existing indebtedness and to place I
our institutions and affairs upon a cash basis.
I thought at that time that the annual appro
priation of $200,000, or less, would b_ suffi
cient for the support of the State Printing
Office for tbe next two fiscal years. I was
aware of the practice of superintendents to ap
ply for deficiencies during legislative years, i
when it was almost impossible to refuse them ;
when they have exhausted their appropria- ■
tion, and I sent for the Superintendent of State J
Printing, and upon his ler-onal assurance I
that he wou'd operate his office within the j
proposed appropriation, that he would i either i
allow nor create a deficiency, and with the !
understanding that 1 would not approve one, I
I made no objection to the allow*. of $250,
--000 for the support of his office and gave I
it my reluctant approval, it te.ng only the
second time when such a sum had been al.owed
for ihe support of that institution.
Early in the forty-seventh fiscal year I be- j
came impressed '.rith the idea that extrav- :
agance existed in the management and con
duct of the State Print'ng Office, which it was '
my duty to endeavor to reduce or prevent. !
The law explicitly requires the Superintendent '•
t of State Printing to purchase only paper by j
: contract, leaving a large number of articles j
I and supplies to be purchased by him as be j
j may see fit. A comparison of the prices he !
was paying for such articles and supplies with i
the prices paid by other departments of the j
| State which were purchased under contract, i
j and also with his different prices to different
dealers, showed that he was paying in many
instances a considerably higher price than was
paid by the persons purchasing by contract,
February 20, 1895, the State Board of Exam
iners unanimously authorized m" to appoint i
a printing expert under_s_ction 079 of the Po
litical Code, the Attorney-General. Secretary J
oi State and the Governor being present, and
in the July following, learning that the force I
of the printing office had been largely ii -
creased, I appointed Fred A. Severy as Mich !
i expert. The salary of this < ffice was but $50 I
] per month, its duties then doubtful, and .Mr.
Severy resigned as expert and accepted a posi- j
sion under Mr. Johnston. The increase con- j
tinued until the payroll for the last two weeks j
of October amounted to about $9000 as .
against less than $4000 for the highest payroll i
of the June preceding; Immediately after the I
city election of 1895 it decreased rapidly, in..
number oi employes being reduced irom 150
on the last payroll In October to 71 on the i
first payroll in December. After this date the j
roll increased gradually until just prior to the l
end of the forty-seventh fiscal year. ■
In July, 1890. the State Board of Examiners,
Ml the usual affidavit, allowed a payroll, cov
ering July 1 to July 18, and learning later j
that during a portion of that time the State j
| Printing Office had been closed, and that the
employes had performed no service, at the j
j meeting of the board held July 23, 1890, Mr.
! Markeloy and the Governor being pre.-ent, I
I we considered the matter, and following the ,
resolution of February 20. 1895, C. M. Harri- ;
j son was elected as a printing expert. At
j tached to the claim which the Superintendent i
of State Printing presented for the dates from i
July 1 to July 18. was a statement that "the I
items constituting the claims herein were in- ■
curred in the manner and on the dates as
above shown, and that the services herein!
mentinned were actually rendered." This
i statement was signed and sworn to.
At the next meeting of the board the Super
; intendent of State Printing, on Invitation, ap
; peared before the board and admitted the
closing of the State Printing Office for about
twelve days during the time between July 1, !
and 18, and gave as his reason for the presen- :
tation of a claim lor services which had not
been rendered, that an equal amount of s.*r- j
1 ice had been performed by the persons on the
roll duriug the legislative session oi 1895, in |
working overtime, for which they had not \
been paid. The payrolls of 1895, being pro- \
duced, showed that some of tne persons whose i
names appeared upon this roil had already I
been paid for overtime in 1895, and that one j
of them was not on the payroll* during the
said legislative session. In explanation of this i
latter circums ance, the Superintendent said, j
iv effect, that those persons would have to !
work it out in overtime during the coining I
Legislature. At the same meeting, but at a
later hour, Mr. Johnston offered a further ex- !
planation, saying that the claim was put in to
cover the time ot a vacation which it was the i
practice to allow his regular employes, al
though all of the persons whose name ap- j
peared upon the objected-to roll were em
ployed by the day.
Before the selection of Mr. Harrison as print- i
ing expert, the Attorney-Genera- had given
his written opinion to the Controller in i
Seavery's case, that such appointment was I
legal. Immediately upon his appointment the j
question was raised as to his powers and duties,
and I communicated with the Attorney-
General, saying, among other things, the j
following:
"I am unwilling in the future to pass on the !
claims of the State Printer until they have i
been referred to some person for a thorough j
investigation as to their correctness, or
evidence be taken independent of the ordinary
affidavit. Oui Secretary, not being a printer,
cannot examine these matters properly. It
was for this reason that 1 wrote asking your •
views as to the expert's duties, but have re
ceived no answer thereto. If, in your judg
ment, his duties hce been abolished, 1 will
accept the situatiou; but, unless we have the
right to appoint an expert, boih should urge
the next Legislature lv provide for one."
On August 19, at a meeting of the State Board
of Examiners, Mr. Harrison appeared beiore it i
! and requested permission to examine the pay
roll of tne State Printing Office; the permission I
«a« denied, nnd he made no further effort to j
perform th duties of priming expert
Since that time the members of the Board of I
Examiners other than myself have approved I
the claims or payrolls of the Superintendent of
State Printing. Not having a technical knowl- I
edge of the details of such an Institution, and
being convinced that unnecessary extrava
gance existed ln the management of certain
departments of the office, I have been unwill
ing to assume the. responsibility of sanction
ing the same.
The Attorney-General and the Secretary of
State have always en willing to join in a
personal examination of the State Printing
Office, and to thi*« arrangement Mr. Johnston
has readily agreed. As no member ot the
j board nor the Secretary possesses any special
or technical knowledge sufficient togive other
than a mperficial or ln_per__ct examination of
this office I have deferred action until the
meeting of your honorable body, hoping for a
chance in the laws regulating the State's
printing.
I have no personal. feeling in the matter,
and in my recent message to the Assembly and
Senate recommended that changes be made in
our system of public printing, to lake effect at
the expiration of the term of the In
cumbent. In view of the occurrences since
the assembling of the Legislature, I urge that
some change take place at once. While the
Legislature was considering my message I
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 10, 1897.
deemed it for the best interests of all parties
and the State that but sufficient money to pay
for State printing during the present session
of the Legislature should be appropriated. I
am now more strongly of that opinion.
Prior to January 11 last'tbe Superintendent
of State Printing filed with the Board ot Ex
aminers his application for a recommendation
to the Legislature for an appropriation of
$75,000. At the meeting of January 11. 1897,
he was sent for that he might make the show
ing required by the acts above mentioned,
and be examined as to the necessity for such
deficiency, whereupon he appeared, offered
no proof, but withdrew his application, and
the next any the bill under consideration was
introduced.
My information is that Mr. Johnston claims
that the work entailed upon him by tne new
ly created Bureau of Highways, the State
Dairy Bureau, the Code Commission and the
litigation of the Kailroad Commissioners, was
responsible for the exhaustion of his funds,
and necessitated the deficiency from which he
seeks relief. His recent official report me,
dated September 15, 1890, shows that for the
fiscal year ending June 30, 1896, he had ex
pended of the appropriation for the support of
his office $140,000 59, or much more than
one-half of his total appropriation. Jn ad
dition he bad us.d of stock on hand
$12,085 79, making a total expenditure for
that year of $158, 050 35.
When it is remembered that the legislative
printing require.l fur that year for the thirty
lirst session amounted to over $7890 75,' and
tnatit was not the year upon which the bien
nial reports of the "state officers and institu
tions were printed, the fact is sufficient to put
the most indifferent upon inquiry. Mr. John
ston's explanation that it was the printing for
the new bodies which causes the deficiency
loses all its force when we find that the charge
for printing during that time for the Code
Commission, the Bureau of Highways find the
Dairy Bureau aggregated less than $550. The
heavy expenditure for the lorty-sev*. nth fiscal
year made the deficiency in tho forty-eighth
almost unavoidable. *
Section 531 of the Political Code requires
the Superintendent of suite Printing to make
a yearly report to the Governor, in writing,
"embracing a record of the complete transac
tion! of his office for the preceding fiscal year,
which report shall show in detail ail ihe items
of expense of the office, including repairs and
the purchase of materia s of ail kinds." Un
der section 0 of article Vof the constitution
the Governor is authorized "to require infor
mation in writing from the officers of the ex
ecutive department, upon any subject relat
ing to the duties of their respective offices."
When application was made to the Board of
Examiners for a recommendation to the Leg
islature for an appropriation. Mid . later, alter
such application had been withdrawn, and the
bill under discussion had bee.i introduced ln
the Assembly, I endeavored by every means to
secure a statement from the Superintendent
of State Printing, or a proper showing of the
: nece^Bity for the deficiency, or of the reasons
why this bill should become a law.
His report is incomplete and .in atisfactory
i At two meetings of the board succeeding the
Introduction of Assembly bill 203 Johnston
' was notified of such meetings and requested
i to appear and he failed to do so. I caused let
i ters to be written to Johnston soliciting infor-
I mation bearing upon this matter and nut con
tained in bis report and I failed to secure what
1 was required, the excuse being lack of time.
j On February 2, 1897, I personally communi
j cated with him, asking for his reasons for not
; complying with the requirements of the act of
1893 and why the pending bill should become
1 a law. 1 have exhausted my legal and consti-
I tutional rights in an endeavor tost cure the
i (sets necessary to enable me to act upon this
j matter with the proper degree of knowledge
i and, not being met by the explanation, 1 re
j turn the bill to you, with my objections there
; to, for further action, and 1 append the cor
i re-«pondence between Mr. Johnston and this
i office.
1 ask your attention to the reports of the
Superintendent of state Printing, where we
would expect to find a proper and thorough
account of the expenditures of tho funds for
the support of his office. For the forty-sixth
fiscal year Mr. Johnston expended and j
charges himself with $102,370 13, made up
of pay of employes, the purchase of material,
permanent improvements and like items, and
again-t this sum he credits himself with
printing to a like amount, his accounts for
that year balancing. (Pages 5, 10, 11 and 14,
report 1895.)
The report for the forty-seventh year shows
a very different state of facts. This was a non
legislative year, and Mr. Johnston expended
for employes, materia'***. Improvements and
like purposes $14*5,000 59, and credits himself
with oni,- $82,257 82 of printing done for all
] the departments of the State government.
i If to this we add the $4558 20 charged for
1 lithographing, which may not be included in
: the charges for printing" against the depart
* ments, and the $7890 75 for legislative print*
' ing, which both reports say is chargeable to
: the preceding year, the total credit amounts
! to $94,700 45. This leaves a balance ot $51.-
I 293 84 unaccounted for. If we crtdit Mr.
Johnston • with repairs, imptovemeuts and
i permanent material, which would not be ac
cording to his system (pages 5. 10 to 14 of the
report of 1895), a balance of $39,295 20 yet re
mains to be accounted for.
Even if he claims a credit for sums ex
pended in permanent improvements and ma
terials, which he has not done in previous re
[ ports, and the cost of which he has charged
up to the printing done, he used during this
year $12,000 worth of stock with which he
should be charged.
We therefore have, according to his own re
port, a balance of $51,293 84 unaccounted for
from his appropriation, which, with the
$12,085 .76 oi stock used, makes a total of
$63,379 00. for which no account is made by
the Superintendent's report. I have no doubt .
that Mr. Johnson will be able to satisfactorily I
explain this matter, but as yet he has not
done so.
In this connection I wonld point out !
that the Legislature printing for the
forty-«eventh fiscal year amounted to
$90,148 55, while against this work was
charged $100,898 15 paid for pay of employes
alone, or $10,749 50 more charged for wages
than the entire work done, not counting the
material or supplies used. Even at these fig
ures, in which the amount charged for print
ing does not, nearly equal the cost of it, 1 am
1 convinced that such charges are excessive and
tnat if the work done was charged at the rate
at which it could be procured from private
concerns, the disproportion would be much
greater. The increased business and larger
number of documents required for difterent.
offices nave caused ln some instances an in
crease in their printing expenses. Having no
positive information ill other cases, I have
taken my own office as an example, and if the
i charges in other departments are as excessive
as tney have been in this instance, the charges
| made for work— not to speak of the cost of the
| work— is out of all proportion to what the same
class of work could be done for by private con-
I tract or individual enterprise.
The work I have had done includes the
; binding of a complete set of the reports of all
■ of tne officers and institutions oi the State
! from tne beginning of its history. This is an
invaluable collection and remains for the
permanent use of the Governor's office. The
remaining work done for this office has v been
in my judgment necessary. I submitted a
statemeut oi the work done for my office, not
1 including the binding of the books above
i mentioned, for which 1 was charged $4025 85
by the Slate Printing Office, to an expert
printer connected with one of ihe leading San
Francisco printing establishments. The ex
; pert was employed by Mr. James H. Barry of
l he Star, and he was furnished with the neces
sary description and samples for making an
estimate of the cost of the work. He was fur
nished no information as to the prices charged
by the Superintendent of State I'rlnting. and
wnere no sample of the work was supplied I
have allowed Mr. Johnston's prices. For the
work upon which I asked lor estimates Mr
i Johnston had charged me $4025 85; the
| amount at which the San Francisco printer
| estimated it could be done was $2013 30—
I considerable less than one-half ol the State
office charge. I will not attempt to locate the
reason for such excessive cost. That abuse
exists, there can be no question. *
On June 10, 1895, the State Board of Educa
tion passed a resolution directing the Super
intendent of State Printing to print no more
copies of a certain grammar until the further
order of the board. The State Board of Educa
tion is a separate constitutional body, with'
lull power and authority to adopt such reso- j
lution, and the Superintendent was in law
j bound by it. The reason of the resolution con
j cerned only the board, and the responsibility
rested exclusively with it. But notwithstand
; ing this resolution, by which he should have
I been legally bound, and In violation of lt, !
10,000 copies of the grammer were printed
] alter September, 1895. A new grammar has
| since been issued; but few of the old gram
■ mars are being called for, and there was on
hand February 1, 1897, 7019 copies of this
book, according to the official report of the
Superintendent of state Printing for the
month of January, 1897.
During the time from November, 1894, to
December, 1890, coal of the character and
grade used at the State Printing Office was be
ing purchased under contract for the use of
the engineer's department at the Capitol
building, at prices ranging from $9 25 to
$9 35 per ton. During this time the superin
tendent of State Printing was purchasing coal
of no greater value in open market at prices
ranging from $10 t.i $11 per ton. In May.
1890, the Board of Examiners insisted* that
the Superintendent should advertise for coal,
in addition to other supplies. Bids were re
ceived and opened in his office June 12. 1890.
he being present and acting with tbe board, to
award the contract, he being a member of it
for that purpose. The contract was awarded
the next day. to take effect July 1. The per
son from whom the coal had previously been
purchased did not get the contract, it'being
awarded to another party at $9 04 per ton.
The day the bids were opened Mr. Jonnston
ordered seventy-five tons of coal from the
party with whom he had been dealing. The
coal was delivered, but before it could be con
sumed the Superintendent had placed in his
office an electrical-power plant. This power
was contracted for in a most unsatisfactory
manner. The electrical company first com
municated with the Board of Examiners, re
questing that they be given a contract to fur
nish power for the State Printing Ofhee. The
board transmitted this communication to the
Superintendent of State Priming and re
quested that he should inform tnem what sav
ing, If any, would be effected by utilizing elec
trical power.
No answer was made to this communication,
and our next information upon the subject
was when claims were presented to the board
for the purchase of dynamos and electrical
apparatus, aggregating over $1500. There
alter a monthly claim of $230 was presented
to the board for allowance. This ciaim was
held for investigation, and later an oflicer of
the electrical company appeared before tho
board and stated that he had made a contract
with the State Printer to furnish fifty horse
power, or as much thereof as the Superin
tendent should require, at a monthly charge
of $230. He made such statements before the
board as showed that tne power was not being
used to economic advantage and read a long
statement showing how li could be more satis
factorily utilized. He declined to file this
statement with the board until he had sub
mitted it to the State Printer, with whom he
had been dealing. The statement was never
filed. The purchase of this electrical ap
paratus and plant has not reduced, as I under
stand it, the monthly expenses of that depart
ment for power, and has not resulted in a
saving to the State. It has reduced the
amount of coal purchased under the new ar
rangement and has prevented a comparison of
costs with the.previous arrangement.
As an evidence that the printing charged to
the departments in this State has not in
creased during the past year to any great ex
tent, although the cost of tbe printing offic;
has, I give the following amounts charged to
the various departments lor the last six years,
as follows:
Forty-second fiscal year. $93,499 63
Forty-third lisc-1 year 83.225 40
Fonv-fourth tisca year 82,834 ...»
Forty-fl Hi tiitcalyear .1,482 'Ah
Foriy-six ti cai year 92,759 25
Forty-seventh liicalyear 86,816 00
It is impossible for an inexperienced person
to estimate what. If any, extravagance exists
in the State Printing Office , and the testimony
of inexpert persons possesses little value.
The Superintendent oi Slate Printing lv his
report and his letters to mc states that a record
is preserved in his office of all work done by
him. These books should show the capacity
of the presses, the number of impressions pos
sible in a day, and number and capacity of
the compositors and the quantity and charac
ter ot binding done in any stated time. From
this record the exact cost of any particular
piece of work could be readily ascertained
by an experienced person. As I have not re
ceived the Information requested from the
State Printer I am consirained to rely upon a
statement from Mr. W. M. Taylor, at present
of San Francisco, and formerly employed as
foreman of the State Printing Department,
whose ability and capability Mr. Johnston has
certified to without qualification in his report
(Report 1893-94, page 20). Speaking of the
fiscal year, ending June 30, 1890, Mr. Taylor
sa'-s:
'It is true that the rates paid in the State
Printing Oflice are rather hh.h. and in some
cases extravagantly so, but if the difference
between these rates and these paid in Sun
Fraucisco were calculated the figures would
be an insignific mt factor in the total of waste.
On the labor side of the question of economy
in tho conduct of this department the exces
sive expenditures are caused uot so mucn by
the rate paid to each workman, but almost
wholly by the unwarranted number of hand
employed to do the limited amount of work.
Tnis is illustrated by a late experience in th
office, and may be recounted as follows:
"This is the 'off' fiscal year in printing for
the State— no reports, no legislative work, etc
Pending the recent canvass of the election of
Mayor, etc., in Sacramento it was thought
necessery to give employment to about 100
i 'iris in the bindery. These girls were paid
$10 to $12 per week. These figures may be
verified by the Controller's and Treasurer's
books. The office contained seven presses,
which do the printing to keep these girls m
ployed. The remaining four presses are for
.-mull jobwork. The capacity of these presses
is about 0500 impressions per day of eight
hours; total, 45,000 per day. Messrs. Phillips
& Whelan, bookbinders here, stato that their
girls fold * 3000 in nine hours each; lor eight
hours this is about 2050. From the 100 girls
deduct ten for miscellaneous work, leaving
ninety folders, wh eh multiplied by 2050
makes a total of 238,500 sheets, which they
should fold per day, against 45,000 printed
per day.
••Presses— Capacity. 4500 sheets per; day;
number of presses, 7; total capacity, 43,000
sheets per day.
Capacity, 2050 sheets per day; num
ber of gir.s, 90; total capacity, 233,500 sheets
per day.
"Forty-five thousand sheets divided among
90 gir.s equals 500 sheets per day each; 45.
--000 .sheet.-* divided by 2050 (a fair day.- work
lor one giri) equals 17, the actual number ot
girls requited, showing the employment of
live and a third times too many.
"Seventeen girls from 90 girls, 73, at an
average wage ot $11 per week, equals a waste
of $803 per week.
"As a matter of fact, the presses do not aver
age 4500 per day. I make no pretense that
these figures are absolutely exact."
There is no reason why the printing of this
State should cost so much more than it does in
other States, nor why the price of ink and
material in the State Printing Office should be
so much greater than at the public printing
office nt Washington, D. <_. in Indiana the
public printing i 3 let by contract and ccsts
about $50,000 annually. in Illinois the last
biennial expenditure for th-. t purpose was
printing $52,000, binding $28,000, book and
cover paper $10,000. In Wisconsin and Michi
gan the public printing Is let by contract. In
the latter Stat.* the cost for 1894-95 for print
ing and binding was $119,000, stationery
$50,000 additional, including stock, In Wis
consin the cast for two years' printing. includ
ing stock and printing of Blue Book nnd
census, was $117,241. The three States, Wis
consin, Michigan and Illinois, with a census
population of over 7,500,000 people, pay but
little more for their biennial printing than
does the State of California, wltn a census
population of less than 1,250,000.
In the table of expenditures issued by the
University of NtW York for the years 1890-91
the cost of the public printing of every Slate
in the Union is given, and it shows that in
California the cost for thai purpose is many
times greater than in other States. I append
that int. le.
I believe that a bill should be passed appro
priating sufficient money for the printing re
quired by the Legislature; that in the mean
time we may consider what, if any, changes
should be made In the system of the State
Printing Office or in the lobulation of Its ex
penditures. I believe that piovision should
oe mode ior thecmploymentof an experienced
end capab'.o person as a printing expert, with
such power and authority as would enable him
to examine or investigato all work done or ex
penditures made on account of our public
printiug, and to report to the Board of Exam
iners upon all claims for printing presented to
them for allowance.
1 would suggest that for the next two years
specific appropriations be made to each de
partment or office of the State requiring print
ing of an amount equal to half of the yearly
average amount enarged against them for
work done during the preceding four years
and that they be permitted to procure such
printing as tney may require at establish
ments owned by private parties by contract or
otherwise as you may requiic, their claims to
be subject to the allowance of the Board of
Examiners. •• * '"
I would recommend no Interference with
the authority of the Superintendent of State
Printing other than as above stated, but at
tho expiration of his term, I believe, as I
stated in my recent message, thai great econ
omy would result irom the letting of our pub
lic printing by contract to the lowest binder.
A striking instance of the lax methods pur
sued in the State Printing Office came to mv
attention while considering tho bill under
discussion. In response to a request to the
Superintendent of State Printing to furnish
me with a statement of the items of charge
against my predecessor and myself for print
ing I received a statement of date January 27.
1897. Every article which I have ever ordered
from this office is carefully charged.
As to the account of my predecessor i have
little data from which to verify it, but few ex
penses for lithographing are charged against
him. . We commenced our orders on No. 21 oi
the -orders of his order-book, there being
eighteen preceding orders for printing given
during the last few months of his administra
tion, of which out one order is charred to his
account in the statement made me. When the
meager data at my command show such extra
ordinary irregularities I cannot when coupling
the same with other tacts herein set forth
approve a bill that exempts the printing office
from the explanations required by the laws in
applying for a deficiency.
I regret the necessity which requires this
attitude of apparent antagonism toward you,
and ln returning this bill without my ap
proval disclaim any purpose other than to
subserve the public welfare.
I cannot sanction the incurring of an in
debtedness by an officer, of our State govern
ment without necessity and in conflict with the
provisions of the act from which he derived bis
official support.
TAXPAYERS TIRED
OF BEING BLED
Too Many Bills to Create
New Commissioners for
the State.
Great Opposition Shown to the
Scheme to Build a Series of
New Highways.
Treacy Says the Whole Bill Is "a
Rob en the City aad County of
San Francisco."
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Feb. 9.— There
are a large number of bills now before the
House . creating new commissions and
perpetuating the old, all the commission-,
ers to be appointed by Governor Budd
and the majority of them to be Demo
crats. The? commissioners to be created
by the bills before the House .or whose
existence is [to be perpetuated by them
are Warehouse Commissioners, Highway
Commissioners, Labor Commissioners,
Code Commissioners, Commissioner on
Public Works, Sociological Commissioner,
Exposition Commissioners and many
more too numerous to be remembered
among the 800 odd bills now before the
Assembly.
Many of the most thoughtful Republi
cans in tne House have determined to
make a material reduction in taxes beiore
the close of the session, and they will to
that end lop off all or nearly all of those
commissions which have the faculty of
absorbing large quantities of public
money with nothing to show for it except
a very small quantity of biennial reports.
To-night the joint Committee on Roads
and Highways met in the Assembly cham
ber for the purpose of considering tbe
State highway bill. It provides for the
appointment by the Governor of three
Commissioners to lay out a system of
State highways. The sub-committee pre
sented a substitute reducing, the commis
sion to one member, and placing in his
bands simply the power to work in con
junction with the Surveyor of each county,
in the State. Highway Commissioner
Maud made a speech to .the committee
upon the merits of the original bill.
' Caminetti of Amador opposed the sys
tem of State highways. They would not
do in Amador County. What his people
wanted was good roads to Sacramento and
Stockton, so that they could haul, their
products to those towns in competition
with the Southern Pacific Company,
whose rates on the branch lines and spurs
were so high that the farmers to-day were
successfully competing with wagons
against the railway company, notwith
standing the muddines3 and otherwise
bad condition of the roads in that county.
Price of Sonoma opposed the bill and
favored the substitute. The bill took the
control of the roads out of the hands
of the county authorities. He was a
farmer and had an interest in good roads,
and his constituents had expressed their
opinions to him. It would ; not be politic
or wiso to take the roads out ol the bands
of the counties to remove them farther
the people. Added to that there was the
great expense of $3000 each to three Com
missioners, $-800 to a secretary and $1500
to a stenographer, besides other items.
The substitute required county surveyors
and Supervisors to furnish data to one
Highway Commissioner, who should act
in each county jointly with the Surveyor
and Supervisors.
"My people in Sonoma County," added
Mr. Price, "are sick . and tired of the
creating of these commissions to dip their
hands into the public purse.
Ennis of Sacramento was opposed to
the Supervisors building roads. Super
visors in Sacrament d had spent $50,000 on
roads and had not a decent highway in
the county. Thay had been conspicuous
failures, as the Supervisors of most of the
other counties had been failures as road
builders.
Treacy of San Francisco could not see
how San Francisco could be benefited by
being taxed for the benefit of the farmers.
Caminetti remarked that whenever
three men are in office for three or four
years they work to perpetuate themselves
in office. That was the reason why the
ll way Commissioners were opposed to
the substitute cutting down the number
to one.
"Those three commissioners evidently
expe.t to succeed themselves." He said
also tha.t the original bill proposed the
building up of an army of employes Dy
the Highway- Commissioners. It would
be cheaper to have three commissioners
and oblige them to do all the surveying
and engineer work themselves than to
have one commissioner and allow bim to
hire an army ot men to do the work lor
him. According to the admission of the
Bureau of Highways twenty years would
De quired to build all the toads outlined
in the bill. His people and the people of
other counties were opposed to being
taxed for nineteen years before they
would receive a mile of road. Under lhe
substitute the system of State highways
would lie begun in each county in the
State simultaneously. Another objection
to the ill was that the system of proposed
State highways ran parallel nortn and
south, and that there were no crossroads
— none running east and west. • Under the
substitute bill a State highway must run
from the county seat to the county seats
of all the counties adjoining.
Commissioner; Maud said that he and
another commissioner had observed a
coolness toward the commission on the
part of Mr. Caminetti, and that was prob
ably the reason why the bureau did not
call on the gentleman from Amador.
Melick lamented the coolness existing
between the commissioners and certain
members of the Legislature. He had
come to the Assembly witn a feeling that
the bureau should be wiped out, but he
thought it should have a fair hearing and
a thorough investigation. Mr. Caminetti,
be added, had overlooked the fact that
the mountains and valleys of California
ran north and south instead of east and
west, and that that was the reason why
the great lines of the proposed State high
ways ran northerly and southerly.
Commissioner Mauson said the bureau
would lay before the sub-committee all
tbe data in tbeir possession and would
gladly co-operate with them.
The committee adjourned until Thurs
day evening.
Afier the adjournment of the meeting
Treacy of San Francisco said to a Call
reporter: "The whole bill isa rob on the
City and County of San Francisco. We
have to pay for our own streets and out of
our own funds. I shall oppose both the
bill and the substitute on the floor of the
House wben it comes up."
IN SENATE AND ASSEMBLY.
/lurid.. Veto Mtjss<i<tf Caus** ■ a Joke
.t i.i. nt State Printing.
' SACRAMENTO, Cal., Feb. 9.— At the
morning session of tbe Assembly the San
Diego Normal School bill was made a
special order for. to-morrow. The debris
bill was then taken up and passed a sec
ond reading and was made a special order
for Thursday morning.
When Bel-haw's bill restricting the.
NEW TO-DAT-CLOTHING.
-^^tr From Bonny
"•/^."■^•*^_3fe Scotland ,
"*"" | c *^*'^^^^^^^SGj£. Come those sturdy Ban-
I \ '^^>Jrw jit^rj^? nockburn cheviots. You
■ Paftlf I Vol" IG" can't put anything on your
f^^^fil \ a*Q ~ Z/z«£ will wear like 'em.
i^^^wly^ They're as tough as iron—
wear like buckskin-^and
\\S*& - : \ .m the colorings are remark-
J, -oc_ } J ! ;j j aol V V^etty. Our large ju-
-1/1 v<x> M venile window is chock- a -
C>j| N \§|^sl\ block with 'em. $5 is the
v^x_ - " * real value of 'em, and the
EVEN TOWSD\ price to-day is
CANNOT TEAR' EM —$2.75.—
®®(_x?_t)®c_x_s(_x_xiy_^^
The above suits are made \ y jT~/\i%
in the double-breasted style __j.~l ..Sfe^lppi
-full -weight goods. It \W^W^'' *
—full - weight goods. It i^Skr yP^ N>
wouldn't be amiss if we iIS.IP'Kr^K
charged $6 for 'em. They're l^n^^7\
all wool and color guaran- ffll $?* ( \
teed. The colorings are ''M / I J X \
beautiful, pretty over- Li * m W
plaids, neat checks arid SBM» PI j4?
mixtures for spring, '97 ; *^3 ftl * Y/^fl.'
colorings that the little fei- 1
lows can wear to school, "5^^ — ' \?i%?
for dress; colorings that sT_3rd A .X£*
don't show the dust or dirt ; \^^3\f\ iSA j^*~
ages 9 to 15 years. \^^^j^\^m^^.
To-day in our big Ju- " '"/&' • H m
venile Department at &fg jn Ul
~52.75.~ IJ >Q
<__x___xS^S®®®®e^<S«S^^
Strength and
§ Durability
Are everything in the make
up of clothes for the little
fellows. Some remarkably
swell Reefer Suits, made
from the Bannockburn
cheviots ; for strength,
durability^ and handsome
effects cannot be equaled
by any other fabric in the
market to-day. They are
very prettily braided, made
* with deep sailor collar, lit-
tle buckle on the trousers,
cuffs braided, and what
pretty colorings. You'll say
they're worth $6 when you
see 'em ; for lads and tots,
In our big Juvenile De-
partment to-day at
—$2.75.—
_XS®S_r_»X_^__X-^^
I^^____c^__]^^__E^____ff^i_lSjX__j IS
<HSTOOI_,_PO_=-.-A.THiD).
THE FRISCO BOYS
9, 11, 13 and 15 Kearny Street.
number of attaches at. future sessions
came up, Shanahan offered a substitute
to make the restrictions lake place im
mediately, but the substitute was beaten
and the bill passed. '*_/■■
Speaker Coombs announced that the
record showed only fifty-three members
instead of fifty-four, as he supposed last
night, voted to suspend the constitution.
The clerks were investigating and if the
facts were as now appeared the bills passed
last night would have to be voted on
again.
Dennis Jordan's claim bill was taken up
and Caminetti spoke in favor of and Cutter
in opposition to the bill.
After speeches in favor of the bill by
Leavitt, Shanahan and Melick, the previ
ous question was ordered and the Jordan
claim was passed by 51 ayes to 8 noes.
A message from Governor Budd was
received, announcing his approval of the
Guatemala exposition and bicycle bills,
also the bills relating to railroads 5000 feet
above sea level.
Speaker Coombs here announced that
the error had been discovered in the roll
call last night. The error was corrected,
malting the necessary fifty-four votes and
obviating the necessity of passing the
claims bills again.
The Governor's message accompanying
his veto of the printing bill was taken up
in the Assembly at 3 o'clock this after
noon. The message was only partly read,
the further reading being dispensed witn
on motion, as it will be printed in the
journal. After the motion was carried
Dennery raised a laugh by moving to let
the printing of the message out by con
tract, stating it was apparent that the
printer had not sullicient funds to print
such a lengthy document.
Caminetti replied that the lack of funds
was not created by the Governor. Upon
motion, the consideration of the bill and
message was made a special order for
Thursday afternoon at 2 o'clock.
. The second reading file was taken up
and partly read.
The morning session of the Senate was
entirely devoted to argument on the
various articles in the new county govern
ment act. Morgan continued his speech
against the measure.
The Senate consumed the afternoon con
sidering the county government act, that
portion of the act relating to specific
salaries occupying most of the time.
When time came for adjournment
Mahoney introduced a resolution provid
ing for the printing in pamphlet form of
the testimony taken by the San Francisco
delegation in considering the carfare bill.
The resolution was voted on and lost.
Several bills were introduced out of
order, among which was one by Dwyer
providing for the use of convict-worked
atone on public buildings, and one by
Simpson, regulating' the use of commuta
tion tickets issued by transportation com
panies.
The Finance Committee reported favor
ably the bill making an appropriation for
the dredging of the Sacramento River.
Will Please Commuters.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Feb. Ferry
commuters will be interested in the bill
introduced to-day by Senator Toner. Its
principal provision is as follows:
Any transportation company selling oris
suing commutation tickets of any kind or
character shall be compelled, to recognize
them at any time when presented for passage
by the person entitled to use the same, if pre
sented during the limitation or lite of the
ticket.
At the present time a commuter who
fails to use his ticket on any day during
the month loses the unpunched portion
of his ticket. Thus, if the holder of a
commutation ticket fails to use bis ticket
on Sunday he cannot travel back and
forth twice on any other day during the
mentb. Under the proposed law it will
be possible for a commuter to make as
many return trips during the month as
there are days in it, and such trips can be
made on any day or days as suit, his con
venience.
A child just born has less chance of liv
ing a year than an octogenarian.
KEW TO-DAT.
It's easy and
cheap to make
a baking pow-
der that will
raise things
"beautifully;"
but it's a differ-
ent matter to
make one that
is at the same
time pure and
wholesome.
So "Trophy"
is not so very
cheap.
4* ' Tilljnann & Bendel, Mfr_yj»
34
LURED TO DEATH
BY AN ASSASSIN
Two Miners Missing From
Their Camp on the
Colorado.
Enticed Away by a Treacherous
Tale of Treasure Within
Their Grasp.
Southern California-is Fall V dims to
a Half-Bresd Murderer en
the Desert,
SAN DIEGO, Ca__. Feb. '.—Far up tbe
Colorado River, s.ome 200 niies above the
Needles and midway between Black and
Grand canyons, isa settlement known as
Rioville. Thirty miles down stream from
Riovilie there ... a lonely placer mining
camp at what is known a-, the Spanish
Bar. From a tent pitched at this camp
two mining prospectors .miked out in
company with a half-breed Indian on
January 'A. Since then nothing has been
seen or heard of the white men and the
half-breed is fleeing from two posses of
man-hunters. The miming man are Munn
Davis, a well-known mining man and
machinist of tbis city, and James L.
Steams, a locomotive engineer ia the
Southern California Railway's employ,
who bad been on a vacation for some
months.
These men, in company with Major |
Greenwait and Frank F. Barnes of this j
city, left San Diego on Novemter 23 to j
pro.pect, locate and develop certain prop- j
er. <:- along the Colorado River. Arriving
at Rioville they left Barnes and proceeded
on to Spanish Bar. To-day a letter was
received from Barnes, dated the 4th inst.
at Rioville. It stated that an Indian run
ner id just arrived from the camp, bring
ing a letter irom Major Greenwait giving
the information tbat six days before an
indian half-breed named Mouse had ap
peared at the tent and shared the hos
pitality of the miners. The next morn
ing he volunteered to show the men a
. copper ore prospect but a short distance
away.
Davis buckled on his revolver and both
men started out, not stopping to even put
on their coats. Greenwait watched his
partners disappear over a neighboring
hillock and neither he nor any other
Thite man, so far as known, has seen
them since. Sixteen hours later Mouse
was discovered in the act of stealing a
valuable horse from Postmaster Bowrell
at Rioville, but beforeashot could be fired
be galloped out of range. It has since
been learned that a day prior to his visit
to the three miners be stole a horse and
nfle from a stage-driver near Vegas
W««.b, but in crossing the river his horse
became red and was left to die.
Teiegran.3 received to-night state that
Mouse is wanted for rut: rder in Modoc i
County, and that there are four killings I
charged against him.
George W. Beermaker left to-night for
San Bernardino, wbere he will join ex-
Ehenff Bowman and the She of San
Bernardino County. Together they will
hunt on the desert for Mouse, whom they
believe to be the slayer of their friends,
and who is probably hiding somewhere on
-the desert. Barnes has already started
on the trail with a party of man-hunters,
Davis' wife was prostrated by the new-,
and Steams' mother, who lives with her
two sons, J. Roy and W. F. Steams, has
thus far been kept in ignorance of the af
fair.
Mouse is a half-breed Mexican and In
dian, 5 feet 2 inches in height, with black
eyes and a heavy black moustache.
SHORT SESSION AT SALEM.
MitchelTs Managers Force an Adjourn
ment to Prevent a Slump From
His Following.
SALEM, Oe., Feb. 9.— The Legislature
met in joint session and was called to
order by Senator Brownell at noon. Just
as calling of the roil began, , senator
• Patterson ran in and moved that the roll
call be dispensed with and tbat the joint
session adjourn until noon to-morrow.
It appears that two Democrats who re
cently went to Mitchell were not in at
tendance, and the report that three
Mitcbeliites intended to make speeches
and withdraw irom his force became
current. For these reasons a sudden ad
journment took place. This report is evi
dently well founded, as the anti-Mitcheli
ites are all smiling, while the Mitcbeliites
are correspondingly dejected. It is plain
that no reconciliation can be effected.
It has just developed that ex-Governor
Pennoyer has written a letter calling upon
the Populists to support Mitchell. Hi
advice will not be heeded, as the Populists
bave lost all faith in Pennoyer.
a * ■
Left All to Charily.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Feb. 9.— The will of
Enoch N. Pmkard, deceased, who was an
early resident of Santa Clara, has been
tiled for probate.
The entire estate, consisting of a bouse
and lot at Santa Clara, notes of an aggre
gate value of $16,600, is left to the St. Jo
seph Roman Catholic Infant Asylum at
South San Francisco.
In case the bequest cannot be carried
out the estate is to go to the Roman
Catholic Archbishop of ______ Francisco to
le applied by him to the maintenance of
orphans in some orphan asylum.
Hibernian. If ill _■__..__
SAN JOSE, Cal., Feb. 9.— The Sarsfield
Club and Hibernian societies of
this city have completed arrange
ments lor celebrating the anniver
sary of the birth of Robert
Emmet, the Irish patriot, with an enter
tainment In the Auditorium. Nicholas
Rowden will preside over the meeting.
Frank T. ______ of .-an Francisco will de
liver an oration.
Shipments trim* ban Jose.
SAN JOSE. Cal., Feb, 9.— The Eistern
overland shipments from this city lor the
past week footed up 779,310 p0und5, nearly
twice as much as for t.e corresponding
week in 1896.
The principal items were: Dried prunes.
209.'..**) pounds; canned goods, 50.620;
win.. 272,180; garden 5eed. 27.650; leather,
48,860: beans, 92,350; quicksilver, 53.750.
Death _,/' Mrs. Campbell.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Feb. 9.— Mrs. Mary K.
Campbell, a pioneer resident of this
county, died at her home, in the Willows,
yesterday afternoon, after a long illness.
She was a native of Missouri and' came
to this State In 1853. Her nusband, John
A. Campbell, and three children survive
her.
_.
Buried at Santa Clara.
SAN. JOSE, Cal., Feb. Thomas
-'■".or'
White, a '49 pioneer of this State, died st
the O'Connor Sanitarium, near this city,
yesterday. His borne was at Santa Clara.
He was a. native of Ireland, aged 77
years. He was a brother of Rev. Father
Whit*. S. J., formerly of Santa Ciara Col
lege, but now of New York. His funeral
was held at Santa Clara to-day.
ROMANCE OF ASTORIA.
Not Knowing That Her Husband Had In
herited a Fortune Mrs. Zaroni
Elopes With a Gambler.
PORTLAND, Ob-, Feb. 9. — Miguel
Zaroni. an erstwhile Astoria fisherman,
who has just returned from a six months'
visit to Italy, is in sole distress.
When he departed from Astoria for his
native land, three months ago, he left be
hind a wife ana two children, and in the
woman's keeping was $2300 hard-earned
cash.
Zaroni says that bis domestic life had
never been clouded by any discord, and
he always befiered himself possessed of
the undivided affections of his wife, who
wa3 very exclusive and a-s.c_.ted very lit
tle with her countrywomen.
So wben he returned to Astoria last
I always be.iered himself possessed of
_»ns of his wife, who
very exclusive and a-_.ciated rei
rith her country women.
> wben ba *_> turned to Astoria la§:
irday Jrom Eutone and fo*ind bia
borne locked and barred, and his wife _:.
babies absent, be was greatly surprised.
His ■ irpriaa was soon changed into
despair when an Italian friend handed
him a letter from his wife, dated a fort
night ago, in which she avowed her pur
pose to elope with Michael Ivancovicb, a
Slavonian gambler, whoie acquaintance
she had formed during her husband's ab
sence.
In the letter the woman added that she
would split in two what remained of the
little fortune the hu«band left in her
care — then amounting to — depositing
flC__* in the hands of the friend with
whom she left her farewell letter.
In conclusion tbe faithless wife wrote
tbat sbe waa going to live in San Fran
cisco with left her l__zewt_.il letter. while
a conclusion the faithless wife wrote '•
t she wan going to iive in San
:o with Ivancovicb. and that, while
Zaroni had always been a kind husband
to her, nothing would induce her to re- ]
turn to him. .She was tired of him.
Zaroni said that when be read these
| lines he felt as if the blood in bis veins
had turned to ice. He came to Portland I
on the Sunday morning steamer for a con- j
snltation with his friends.
Zaroni claimed that on the eve of his j
departure from Italy a wealtny uncle of j
■ his died in Florence, bequeathing to him j
[a sum equal to $15,000 in American I
money.
Zaroni added that now all he had to j
live for ware his two children. He felt
certain tbat his wife had written |
the truth about going to Ban Fran- j
ci-_co, whither he would follow tbis
evening or to-morrow to gain po.s.ssion i
of tbe litile ones. If his present mood
has not changed wben his reaches the
has not changed when be reaci.es the bay
| he is more than likely to attempt to kili
Ivancovich.
TACOMA PREACHER CENSURED.
Pastor Hamman's Resignation Accepted
by the Members of His
Flock.
TACOMA, Wash., Feb. 9.— Tbe congre
gation of the First Baptist Churcb, by a
vote of fifty to seven, to-night accepted
the resignation of Pastor N. H. Harriman.
The acceptance took the form of resolu
tions, which recited that during the Jan
uary period of religious excitement Mr.
Harriman preached certain doctrines not
in accordance with those held by the
church, and permitted and encouraged
scenes in the church which brought the
cburch and religion into ridicule and dis
repute.
TDe resolutions said that January 22
Pastor Harriman publicly declared he
would not again hold services in the
church, "Until the demons were cast out
of the members of bis congregation."
They continue: "He on that and other
occasions has accused some of our most
spiritual member.-, of demoniacal posses
sion."
It is alleged further that since January
25 he has held daily meetings only three
blocks from the church, thus gathering to
himself another body of believers in op
position to the church.
Mr. Clark, a prominent churchman, re
counted the scenes enacted at the meet
ings held by Mr. Harriman and Rev. Peter
Robinson of San Francisco, and alleged
tbat Mr. Robinson delivered a prayer jn
which he said: "Oh Lord, if they will
not accept this aanctification, let them be
lost, let them be lost." Mr. Clark thought
such a prayer widely -at variance with
Christ's teachings.
.TOE AMD jr. COG JOBS.
Boris Play That Eed to m Tight in the
Capitol Building.
BACRAMENTO. Cal., Feb. 9.— Matters
are becoming very lively around the halF
of legislation, and the breaking of the
monotony, even though it may involve
the breaking of a head or two, is received
with satisfaction. Joe Brook*., one of the
Assembly attaches, and Long John Wil
kins had a war of words last night, and
Brooks was arrested early this morning
on complaint of W.lkins on a charge of
disturbing the peace.
Long John has a friend in the person of
John Wyilie. the Governor's colored mes
senger. Wyliie is as tall, as black and as
sinewy as PeW Jocksou. This afternoon
during the reading of the Governor's mes
sage in the Assembly Wyilie and Brooks
met in the hallway near the entrance to the
Assembly chamber and came to blow..
Tney were separated by Assistant Ser
geant-at-Arms L%mphrey before any dam
age was done. Brooks is a small man be
low the average height, but he held up his
end of tbe fight very well.
The origin of the trouble was praciic.l
joking on the part of several attaches. It
appears that Long John Wilkins look pos
session of one of the gentlemen's rooms
about the beginning of the session, and
from that time to the present has kept it
clean, with the expectation of being placed
on the permanent roll before the end of
the session, his pay to begin from the date
of his taking charge of the room in the
capacity of rear porter. The trouble re
garding the alleged excess of attaches pre
vented Wilkins being placed on the roil,
but he has hope. Several waggish at
taches have been twitting Wilkinslabout
his position, and Wilkins accused Brooks
of being the ringleader. The whole of tho
San Francisco Assembly delegation have
been subpenaed by Brooks to appear in
the police court to-morrow to testily to
bis good reputation.
D»ath at Lor Ga:n..
LOS GATOS. Cal., Feb. 9.— Frank G.
Hume died at his home on tne Glen Una
ranch, near this place, yesterday.
He was born in Oakland twenty-five
year. ago. The deceased had been ill for
the past six months, and had been con
fined to his bed for some time.
The burial will take place In Oakland
from the residence of his father, G. W.
Hume, on Thursday morning.
J.a.t rrf ihe Old Wolcott.
-Mi ii_h_. wash., "feb. 9.— Having con- i
demned ami ordered the -ale of the reve- i
nue cutter Wolcott, the Government to- i
aay paid off its crew, retiring the famous !
Old craft from service. Twenty-five men, I
including the gunner. Ahiers. who has j
been in the service twenty-six years, were !
discharged outright, the remainder being
transferred to the cutters Bear and Grant. j
_»
Heath Strikes Jiear, Eos Oliros. j
LOS OLI VOS, Cal.. Feb. 9.— William H.
Clarno and William H. Slepp died at tbeir '
respective claims in the Santa Ynez moun
tains last night. The former was 63 and
the latter 86 years of age.
. m .
lloai.sen ess, from wbatever cause, Is soonest
dispelled wlih Dr. V. Jayne's Expectorant.
. It bilious, take J»> __«.'» Painleis banaUve Pills.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 10, IS9T.
TOIL IN CHAINS
IN FAR SIBERIA
Seventeen of the Schooner
. Saipan's Crew Still
in Captivity.
American Prisoners Resentenced
After Their Terms Had
Expired.
_■
Coup*! to Work on Frtificaticns
Bring Crn.tru-'ei Arcusd
Vladivostcck-
POUT TOWNSEND, Wash.. Feb. 9-
A:.ot_.er instance of tbe cruelty and pri
vations to which American sealers wno
chance to fall into the bands of
Russian officers on the Siberian coast
are subjected has come to light in
a communication which was re
ceived here to-day by a well-Aown sealer
of this cur from a former companion,
who is now incarcerated in a Russian
prison at YiadlTostock, on the coast of
Siberia. Tne writer is one of the party of
seventeen Americans wbo were taken into
custody by Russians on Robin Island.
These men were members of the crew of
the schooner pans. Oa tbe 30th of Oc
tober, 1886, the schooner pot into Robin
Island to repienish its water supply. Sev
enteen men went ashore with the casks.
tut -fere they were filled a storm came
on, forcing the ._aipac3 to put to sea,
leaving the men ashore. Tbey remained
on tbe island for a week in idleness until
one day. before the schooner could re
turn, the Russian gunboat Yakntsb
steamed into the harbor and dropped an
chor. Its advent, wbic;. the Americans
hailed with joy, booing to be taken back
to civilization, proved the beginning of a
series of misfortunes for them that have
not ended yet. Tbe officer who came
ashore refused to believe the men's story
that tbey bad been marooned, but accused
them of killing seals in Russian posses
sions. The entire party was taken aboard
the Yakutsh and landed at Vla-i.vostocK,
where they were sentenced on January
24 of last year to five months' impris
onment.
During their term of servitude tbe
United States steamer Olympia visited
Yladivostock, bat failed to procure t^e
American prisoners' release. The day
when sentence would expire was looked
forward to with pleasant anticipation, but
its coming was only the opening for fur- |
ther trouble. In the morning the men
were taken to Irkutsk, where, after atrial
before the bigh court on some charge of
which they are yet ignorant, they were
again sentenced to eighteen month's servi
tude. This time they were required to
labor.
The men are at present employed ss la
borers on fortifications now in course of
construction around the Siberian capitaL
The letter bringing this information was
smuggled into the possession of a Rus
sian prisoner, whose term had expired,
and by whom it was mailed at Kobe, to
gether with one to San Francisco, to the
mother of the writer, Frank C. Hill.
The names of the unfortunate Americans
are : Frank C. Hill, James Mahoney, JJanies
McCarthy, James Riley, Henry Ross,
Charie3 Nelson, Harry Carlson, Charles
Evans. Alex Learche, Samuel Bush, Ar
thur Wing, Charles Campbell, James
Wilson and Edward Howe.
ALPINE DISTRICT THUGS.
George Green, One of the Destroyers of
Bodies Home, Will Escape With a
Light Sentence.
REDWOOD CITY, Cal., Feb. 9.— George
Green, one of the trio which one night in
December last looted and burned the
bouse of Baptista Bodie in the Alpine dis
trict, was permitted in the Superior
court to withdraw bis plea of guilty to the
burglary charge against him and substi
tute a plea of guilty to the lesser
offense of petty larceny. This disposes
of a cate which in some respects is
unparalleled in the history of thh county,
and in wbich were combined the offenses
of burglary, arson and, but for the inter
vention and interference of Green, what
micht bave proved murder.
Tne trio, Boyce, Tann ana Green by
name, went to the Bodie House, which
at the time was occupied by an old French
man named Frank Shuraet. Tann called
Shumet to the door.
He was taken and bound and blind
folded, Tann threatening to kill him and
throw bun into an old well. He was led
to a spot 200 yards distant and tied to a
tree. After ransacking the bouse, it was
set on fire.
Shumet's blind was removed and he was
permitted to view the destruction of the
building, an eight-room cottage.
Before leaving the old man some one
suggested that they gag him and let him
strangle by slow decrees.
Here Green interfered, saving Shumet's
life.
All three were arrested for the crime.
Green made a full confession to the officers
and pleaded guilty to the charge of burg
lary.
Tann also pleaded guilty to the same
offense. Boyce pleaded not guilty, was
tried by a jury and convicted of burglar y
in the first degree after a trial lasting two
days, l'ann was sentenced to *ye years
in San Quentin; Boy c« was given fifteen
years.
Hanta Barbara Hanker Dead.
BANTA BARBARA, Cal.. Feb. 9.— A.
L. Lincoln, presideni of the First National
Bank of this, city, died at 3 o'clock ibis
morning.
BBIOXD _____/. t.X PECT A TIP MS.
7he Tate Georije l.rm>n'. Estate Will
Heach $3,000,000.
NEW YORK, N. V., Feb. 9.-A Times
special from Washington say-: It will
please the friends of the Logans, the
widow and the surviving family of the late
General John A. Logan, to learn that
Mrs. Mary Logan Tucker and her son,
George wmon Tucker, will benefit loa
much gre-ter ex'ent from the estate of
the late George Lemon than was at tirst
supposed. Mrs. Tucker and her youngest
son inherit two fifths of the estate after
certain specific bequests are paid.
The sum that would remain for distri
bution has been popularly estimated at
something like $1,000,000. but the estate
is going to pan out beyond all expecta
tions, if credence is to be placed in stories
emanating from quarters close to the
executors. It is said tbe executors found
stacked up in the sale deposit vaults a pile
of Government bonds aggregating in
value more than $3,000,000 all of which,
and more will go to the residuary legatees.
Death of Ca*hi*r Prank May,
LONDON, Esq., Feb. 9.— The death is
announced of Frank May, who for twenty
years previous to November, 1895, .was
chief cashier of the Bank of England.
Mr. May was the father of ibe junior
partner of Colmau _fc Mar. stockbrokers,
who. at the time of Mr. May's resignation
were said to have been connected with
several .rust .companies, which collapsed
shortly before the resignation was ten*
dered. Considerable excitement was caused
at tbe time by reports tbat tbe bank bad
advanced considerable sums of money
upon the securities of these corporations,
but these rumors were never proved.
IOWA'S GUJin.v./. REIaB.^TS.
xteesmellltUicm Wiihthe J:*tmau-ay Daugh
ter i» Be Made a Social Event.
DES MOINES, lowa, Feb. 9.—lnvita
tions were issued to-day for a grand re
ception on Friday, February 19. at the
Hotel Savoy, when Governor Drake and
daughter, Mrs. Mary Drake Sturdivant,
will entertain the members of the Legis
lature, State officers and Dcs Moines soci
ety.
, Special interest attaches from the fact
that since the elopement and marriage c:
Kirn Drake, the Governor's youngest
daughter and the social head of the house
no. the relations between the young
lady and her father have not been clear.
Stories have been afloat that the Gov
ernor toid his daughter that be would
bave nothing further to do with her and
treated ber cruelly. It is well known that
he was disappointed at her marriage, but
the issuance of the invitations for the
social event proves that a reconciliation
has been effected.
It is, in fact, the first announcement to
the public that the Governor and bis
daughter have entirely adjusted tbeir rela
tions since the romantic marrige of the
young lady.
Mrs. Sturdivant is 22 Tear? old, and in
October was secretly married in Denver to
George Sturdivant of Centerviiie, lowa,
an old schoolmate. The marriage was
kept secret for over a month.
BEGGISG 108 ISTITATIOSS.
lhe Bradley- Martin Ball Crazes Society
Every xch ere.
NEW YORK, N. V., Feb. 9. -The in
terest in tbe much discussed costume ball
to be given at the Waldorf by Mrs. Brad
ley Martin to-morrow night is not con
fined to New York City. Mr. and Mrs.
Martin are daily in receipt of letters from
fashionable people in various cities, beg
ging for invitations. Mrs. Martin has
been generous with her cards and as
many as six or seven hundred people wbo
have received them are expected to re
spond in person.
Every precaution bas been taken by
Mrs. Martin to prevent the appearance of
any undesirable person at the ball, and
tbeir guests are certain to be well protected
when once they enter the Waldorf. De
tectives will be stationed at the entrance
door, where the invitations will be taken
up; consequently at this point it will be
impossible for any objectionable person
to cain admittance.
Inside of the hotel police officers and
detectives will be stationed in nearly
corner, so that the guests may feel thor
oughly at ease and free from any dis
turbance.
I note and the Trusts.
NEW YORK, N. V., Feb. 9.— Charles
H. Flint of the United States Rubber
Company bas been notified to appear on
Saturday before tbe Lexow committee,
which is investigating trusts. He says be
will give the committee all the informa
tion be can with great pleasure.
Senator Lexow sail to-day that be was
very well pleased witb the result of his
first tilt against the trusts. He expressed
himself as satisfied with tbe result thus far
accomplished, and said that the investi
gation would be resumed in New York
next Saturday morning, and the com
mittee would sit daily during the follow
ing we.li.
South Da/cola's llradlock.
PIERRE, S. D., Feb. 9.— Two ballots
were taker) in in the joint session of the
Legislature to-day, but without result.
On the first Pickier, the Republican, re
ceived the full support of his party and
the votes of two Populists, who have been
Kyle men.
Tbere was put one change on the second
ballot, one Populist changing back from
Pickier to Kyle. The first ballott re
sulted: Pickier 52, Kyle 32, Goodykoontz
20, Plowman 10. The change of the two
Populists is believed to have been In the
nature of a bluff by the Kyle men at their
opponents.
Warships heady for S*a.
NEW YORK, N. V., Feb. 9.— At the
Brooklyn Navy Yard to-day all was bustle
aboard the battleship Texas and stores
were being taken aboard for her trio to
Galveston. It was stated that the Texas
is now ready for sea and is expected to
sail to-morrow. From Galveston she will
go to New Orleans for the Mardi Gras
celebration. The ram Katabdin is almost
ready for sea, but has not received her full
complement of men.
f.'nrre.pondent Scovel.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Feb. 9.— Consul-
General Lee telegraphs the State Depart
ment that Correspondent Scovel was
caught on the railroad line between Tunas
and Sancti Spring, on his way from the
insurgent camp. He may have been tried
at _ancti Splrltns, but an effort will be
made to have him brought to Havana for
trial.
../.of .mrt Kill** by Bis Wife.
CLEVELAND, Ohio, Feb. 9.— George
Davie;*, a prominent merchant, was shot
and instantly killed by his wife early
this morning at their Grace-street home.
The shooting was the result of many
quarrels. ■■ -• ■ .
DRANK CARBOLIC ACID.
Emma McQuod Suddenly and
Unaccountably Ends H?r
Life.
The Suicide Was in Apparent Gaol
Spirits— She Assigned No Caus
lor H-r Act
Emma McQuoid, a young woman of 28,
drank carbolic acid with suicidal intent
late last evening and died within half an
hour.
' The young woman had no apparent
reason to take her life, and the only cause
for the deed which any one is willing to
assign is that she was tired ot the life she
was leading and saw in suicide her only
means of escaping it.
Her father, aged 80. is a paralytic. Her
mother, aged 70, is an invald to whom age
has given added ills, and the care of the
household rested on the daughter.
A Mrs. Martin, who lives opposite the
McQuoids, was the first to discover the
suicide. She intended to call at the
house, nnd as she entered without tbe
formality of knocking she saw the young
.woman drink something.
' She a?k__. what it was, and she was told
it was poison. Doctors were summoned
at once, but when they arrived it was too
late. fiRR
The McQuoids seem to be fairly well-to
do people. They live at -208 Shotwell
street in a comfortable bouse. There was,
besides the parents and the daughter, a
son about 23 years of age.
. Theories as to the cause of suicide are
not wanting, but the only one given any
credence so far is that , the young woman
became despondent over so much care
and sickness in the house and sought the
suicide's refuge. :'■'
DEATH BRAVED IN
QUEST OF RICHES
Perils and Hardships of
Miners in the Ynkon
Conntry.
Residents of Forty-Mile Find
Their Flour Supply Almost
Exhausted.
One Party Reaches the Coast Aft r
an Adventurous Trip From
Circle City.
SEATTLE, Wash., Feb. a— The steam
ship Topeka arrived from Southern
Alaska ports early this morning, bringing
the latest Yukon advices. Among its pas
sengers were P. C. Richardson, A. E. Carr,
J. McComber and N. Giliis, who bave just
completed a long winter journey from the
interior, having left Circle City on tbe
ISth of November. They traveled with
the mercury at 40 degrees below zero — 70
degrees below the freezing point— and
reached Dyea oc the southeast Alaska
coast on January 23.
The YuKon country is prospering. Some
new strikes am reported, but owing to
failure in getting sufficient supplies last
fait before tbe river froze up seme kinds
of provisions are scarce at several of the
camps.
Forty-mile is short on flour and not
over 100 p-bunds is sold to any one person,
while some miners procured none at all.
Professor Richardson, in speaking of the
trip, said:
"The second day out, at noon, on Jan
uary I, we met H. Day and a Mr. Howe :
on their way down the river, carrying tbe I
United Stales mail. They were entirely
out of provisions, and having turned their
dogs loose, were drawing their sleds them
selves. They had thrown away the greater
part of their outfit. We gave them enough
provisions to last until they reached
Peliy, twenty-five miles distant, and they
left everything but the food where we met
tbem, going on to Peiiy empty-handed,
intending to recuperate themselves and
their dogs and return for tbe sled and
outfit.
"We continued on our journey without
event until January 12. wben we overtook
at the mouth of the Hootalinqua, 210 miles
from Dyea, the Nash party, consisting of
Nash of Portland, William McCowley of
Seattle and two Indians, who had left
Cloudyke on December 4, seventeen days
before our party. They* were in an ex
hausted condition, having abandoned
aleds, tent, stove— ln fact, everything ex
cent what they could pack on their backs.
They had been on short rations for two
weeks and had but two days' provisions
left. Their situation was critical, for, ex
hausted as they were, tliey were making
but a few miles per day. Captain William
Moore, Witb Mr. Spotts of Seattle, Mr.
Burns of San Francisco and an Indian, had
followed a day benind all the . way from
Pelly River. /_._•_■.
"Henry Hyde of Juneau and "Shorty'
Biglow of Chilkat, with their owu outfit
of docs and provisions, had accompanied
the Nash party from Cloudyk".
"At the foot of Mud Lake we found a
party of eight Oaklanders in winter quar
ters, having spent the past summer on tbe
Hootalinqua. They liberally supplied us
with needed provisions from their well
stocked larder.
"The latest excitement in the Yukon is
the discovery of gold In Cioudyke district.
It was made on Bonanza Creek, a tribu
tary of the Cioudyke River, on August 17,
cy G..W. Carmack and two Indians—
Skookum Jim and Takish Charley. A
second discovery of importance was
made on El Dorado Creek. a
large branch of Bonanza Creek,
on August 25, by J. Whipple and
Messrs. Clements and Keller. A third
discovery was made on Adams Creek, an
other large tributary of Bonanza Creek,
on August -6, by Mr. Adams, and a fourth
di co very was made on Hunker Creek, a
tributary of the Cioudyke, on September
7. by Andrew Hunker and C. M. Johnson.
At the time our party left, the principal
development had been on Bonanza and
El Dorado creeks, and all claims opened
up showed pay dirt. Some of them are
rich beyond anything discovered in the
Yukon country. In the new discoveries
the majority of claims are held by men
who went in last year.
"Provisions are exceedingly scarce.
While all have enough to avoid s:_.rva
NEW TO-DAT.
■ 39 . If a man Icnewr he
c !■__■]] 1 1 "ras going to be hanged,
TT Jw he would certainly
I tt make every effort to
a I prevent it- He would
i I do everything he could
I S -tstrrf Ent^ Btra^ n every nerve
B/-a\a\ to *k e ast minute to
ffff I J get himself out of his
?S&\> 'J predicament. Men
JflgajH&r have been saved from
, BSg*ffls hanging after the rope
fIB&EBSk was aroun< * their necks.
/fig wl There are ways of dying
jniWß SpsS that are not so quick
J that are even more he
was going to be hanged,
he would certainly
make every effort to
prevent it. He would
do everything he could
and strain every nerve
to the last minute to
get himself out of his
predicament. Men
nave been saved from
hanging after the rope
was around their necks.
There are ways of dying
that are not so quick
that are even more cer-
Trog|||||jja tain. The man who
neglects his health, and
JeM»sk|{ who in sickness refuses
/fM»s_«llt to take medicine, really
'| js* Kpfl has the rope of disease
JhWw around his neck.' He
AM&Btifistm will die if h_ doesn't
"j^-.fi"' throw it off. A man
' J who would struggle
j / against hanging may
J I yet be careless about
I #1 his health. He may be
— j jt4- "». traveling straight to-
\ __L,3_BL war d consumption and
'••.r^^**** , pay no attention to it,
and yet death by con-
sumption is much more terrible than
death by hanging. Dr. Pierces Golden
Medical Discovery will cure 98 per cent,
of all cases of consumption. Consump-
tion is likely to be caused by weakness
and in its turn, it increases the weakness
The Golden Medical Discovery is an
Invigorating, strength-giving and flesh-'
making medicine. It increases the appe-
tite, puts the digestive organs in perfect
order, purifies and enriches the blood,
and builds up firm, healthy flesh.
In one chapter of Dr. Pierces great thousand
page family doctor book— "The People's Com-
mon Sense Medical Adviser," are scores of let-
ter! from people who have been cured of con-
sumption, fingering coughs, throat and bronchial
diseases by the use of "Golden Medical Dis-
covery." Their full -names and addresses are
given and their case, were generally pronounced
hopeless by the local doctors. Twenty-one (21)
one -cent stamps, to pay for mailing only, will
secure a free copy of thus great book. Address.
World's Dispensary Medical Association, No. 663
Mam Street. Buffalo. N. Y.
. .*
tion. yet many of the so-called neces
saries "of life cannot be bad at any price.
Whentne provisions were divided in Oc
tober la«t eacii mar; pot an allowance of
bat 100 pounds or flour. This will r.ave
to last until next Jnly. •wnen tee boais
are due. Some old-timers laid in good
stocks early last summer and hence are
betl*»r crovided for. Every man sbonld
take in a supply to last at least six
months. The Canadian customs officials
allow that much to enter free. Any
amount above that purchased on this side
is subject to a duty, unless goinz through
to Circe City."
.
DAIRYMAN'S JsASTAROIaI DEED.
Poison's Bis Employer's Milk in Order
to "Get Even" With Bim.
NORFOLK. Va.. Feb. 9.— John B.
Clancy, an Englishman, emn'oyed at the
Bloomsdale dairy, had an altercation wiih
his employer, J. B. Ferritt, yesterday
morning. Clancy told Ferritt that he
would "get even" with him. Ferritt enp
t'Ues milt to 2"*7 families in Nor_ol-_. in
100 of which there are infants.
He had delivered milk to about a dozen
customers yesterday when be ciscovered
: a peculiar coloring in tie milt. Clancy's |
1 threat came to him like a Sash and he i
quickly went to all the places, and luckily j
none of the miik bad been used. He re
ported tne matter to the police and Clancy
was arrested.
The milk was analyzed and found to
contain poison. Foison also was found
under the finger-nails of the prisoner. At
first Clancy made a denial, but later said <
he haa used the poison in treating sick
cattle. He was turned over to the county j
auth orities for trial.
_»
LYNCHERS ARE OUTWITTED.
They Chase a Sheriff Witts Hash, Who
Murdered Bis Patnili,.
LINCOLN, Nebe., Feb. 9.— Sheriff Key- j
nolds of "Wayne County reached Lincoln I
this evening, ha Tin:, in his cu-*_\.iy C. K.
P.a.h, who ten days ago murdered his wife
and three children. At the time of toe
tragedy Rash was supposed to nave been
insane. ' Testimony of neighbors went to I
disprove that theory. however, and on three ;
occasions an effort has been made to lyncn ;
him. Last nizbt a mob was gathered in j
the town of Wayne, and became so de
monstrative that an assault on the jail was
deemed unavoidable, and the' Sheriff
secretly removed his prisoner and started i
overland for the nearest railroad station.
A part of t c mob gave cbase. out lost the
trail and the Sheriff reached Wsket. .d,
where he caught a tram for Lincoln. To- j
night he took his pisoner to the State ;
penitentiary, where he will remain until j
the date of the trial or until the mob spirit j
dies out.
.-Feu. Jersey Po.togiee RoSb-d. \
NEW YORK, ST. V., Feb. 9.— T_ie post- i
office of the Tillage of Irvin_.ton, K. J., |
about four miles west of Newark, was J
entered by burglars between 2 and 3 f
o'clock yesterday morning. The safe was :
blown open, and $____■ worth of stamps '
and about $15 in ca-a stolen. There is no !
clew to the perpetrators.
---------------_---_-_____-_________________________- !
ging _i:h pains in
tde small of your
I -^pL "^* JjESf/^m back, aiso pains up
bone 'o lower points j
. 9^ "fi^^l liae c re »** cure is the ;
Treatment. * If yoa |
blood, faintnesii^ the
Hudyan care iscer-
get Hudvan only \
irom the doctors of Hudson Medical In-
stitute.
iiudyan cures falling sensations. Lost I
Manhood, Nervous Debility and diseases ;
and disabilities of man. Hudyan is to be ;
had only from Hudson Medical Institute. j
cz*RcnrjA*_is __P___L___a__
BLOOD PO!SO_ fJ,V_r_ -*__<__!
BLOOD POISO . SS!*_??S.*___-3_
BLOOD POISON _. w_^fo d r oct&r3 free
30-DAY CURE
CIRCULARS.
Hudson Meal Institnte
Stockton, Market and Ellis Sis.
RAILROAD TRAVEL
Atlantic <@|g§i^
!"_> m Ac m _/v§_^___Ssll '
Trains leave and arr. .* at _______WSsl_F^3____i !
a-arkfc_-_.tr.-t Ferry. V*^_^^^_S^N ;
SASTA FEIXPRESS, _^^jS^^miX I
Xo "Oirect Lino * r «s»___S^__2i^l
Reaves da ly at 6: JO p. _t..carrvint man ____,
Drawing-room and Modern Up __■!__ .red Tourt.?
Bieeping-cars, which ma dally WSSSStS SS2S
Lc-lsT *' nex carj lor aad "
Huston Krctirslons. via Kansas Clly. Chirac i
S-SS-.™. the Whlt * D a sr_n_r u i^v c . h i^ ,
The best railway from California te tbe East.
Sew rails, new ties: no dust, erpstlns scen«p»
ma good meal, in Harvey's dining-rooms. ****".
Unix Francisco Ticket Offio. 644 .1 _.__•• -_
fei_^___t___ " ttlldi "C Tel^h^oMa^
Hoi. Oakland. 1118 KroaUway. ""*
SOETfI PACIFIC COAST RAILROAB
(Via Sausalito Ferry).
t__am__aa francisco, Comme&cias Sept. 11 189_,
W_____l>AT__.
rer Mm Valley and San Rafael-«7 tfa. •ttl^
11_00 a. it.: -lus. 3:45. •5:15.»5:45,tf :30 P. 2
Extra trips for Bar. itafael ob Mondays. __■__.
day* and Saturdays at 11:30 p. M. "
SUNDAYS.
, __^ M JJ * v » 11 ' *_»nd Ban Bafael— •8:00, "IO:.*
*Ti« : _?i__.;v__. l ' 60 - 3:00 - ** «>' «-i*»- «• .
Trains marked • run to .an Qoentin.
THROUGH TRAINS.
w_______!? t a ** aoa way -itatlons-7i_» *. a.
v> e_ tdays, 8«Q a. __. auudvs! 1 __*■ «_. Sara*
■-** (1 '_, * ' *5 »tatioa»-» :2ft •*■»■-*
rsss, i_tr,_. __.tur_a.__,
riIE^AS FRiMiMO «J SAX J-AQL'U
. VALLLV RAILWAY COMPA.W.
F^, run d^ KY 31 ' 1897 ' PWWr train,
'""'■ hbonna - * SUtioni. Northbound.
o__o *• "• Mot kton 6:*o p. m.
9:4Sa._« Merce..... 3:14 p m.
lluO a 11 Fresno 1:10 p. v.
ror In me__a.e stations ace time-table.
connecting steamboats of the C. X. i I. Co.
e-iv ban ran Isro a- d Stockton at 6p. m. daily
"- ■WW TAMALPAIS.
c« ?. n _a i .rd with >orth " ,tt «
WKEK I-AY-__Lcavea.F. 9:15 a. it l:«j._t i
.i-«_ R^i In f- Arrt,re "*»■ ***• 3*5 r* M. 6:20 p i
£Lt«™?'_. V, *_ Leave S.F. Ba.M 1 1 :»0 m. »WW ■
•i i ?_.. D 8 r . lv ' 8.F.1 :1 6 «••*« **20 r.i. 7:35 p2 I
Tickets for sale In Mill Valley or t.._. i
win v ,?"*- uK * eONS ' 6il "■**•* St.. a. p.
KW VaUey ana iioua lamalpais ___a_c Railway '
1 new to-dat.
MUIYON-S
NEURALGIA
! CURE
MUNYON'S NEURAL--- CURE re-
lieves the twin of face ache or tic doiore-i.
or sciatica and all neuralgic affections- It
is efficacious in tootfaacne *La. _r.__j from
taking void. It cures sharp, darting,
knife-like psins in the face, head, _____ "
ad back and neuralgic pains in any part
:of the body. Price, 25c
A separate cure for each disease. At all
druggists, mostly 25c a viaL
Personal ietters to Prof. Munyon. 1503
Arch street, Philadelohia, Pa., answered
i with free medical advice lor. any diseaas.
CAUTICXTO TIIK PEOPLE OFTHE
STATE OP CALIFORNIA: Many nn- .
: acrupolons drng cutter*, who. having
| forced the selling price of MI'NYON
REMEDIES to fct and, therefore, not
____t__jr___g> to sell them, will tell yon that
these remedies are not good, and will
i try to persuade you to take some other
I preparation, which they will recom-
mend as being better. Such men ar-i,
not deserving of your confidence or
patronage. Therefore do not be de-
ceived by them, bat INSIST upon get-
! ting MUXTO.V'S.
assJJ j^^^^^l_- - v ° k >; ob p_t i v :
m _^S ■■■% >ol*3jTill (ared:::
"***** r.-____^_-?'J-En CO page book *_"»{• h
L**,<_^^^sgM _..._..= i-st____.*__ :i_i o: __._; .-
JSrS-I-B S"_^_?^y^^""'K r "■•''^-w^-r*_'s B::d:_
___"*. M. i
i\^y\j<S%m^y I >B. tBAII.ET. M.D.
CjLJ__^^^^y v ofi< "*- ssa\\\mmv\\mm\Wm\
Send to Someone with Cancer
| .
RAILROAD THAVD..
WIIHEI.. I'AfIFIC co_»»»A_v_r.
(racint-* szhx_____i *
Trains leave .-vn.i Are doe to arrive al .
KAN nuauaM.
IXAVE — P%t>X J.«_crxET 1. 1387. — -_aarv_i
: •-.__-*_ NCes. _aa Jt-_ and .: i___i -i... _____
7:OOa Atlantic ErBTCTt. Ug-fcu and _.i__.. o.*3r
7:00 a Lc_:_i» V-iar lie, B___o__y. s_-__-
_.__-... o____-_l and MifA&rr.s Ti*..' -•
I>BTis 6:43?
":__• a Martinez, Sanl__»-non,Va-l_r_o. .Tapa,
Caliatoga and Santa Roaa •-!*•
S:..Oa >";:•_. Baa J-j fetocktcu. lone,
Sactamento, Mary-rille, Chico.
Tetania aad UeA laaff -€:15.»
*S:3oa _»e_era and HP-ton "7:13y
»:«»a New Orleans Kzprrsa. Raymond (fox
Yce*_.i>.». 1 ._>:.*>. Baton ftcM.
Santa Bar) <_ra. l<cs At, »-.->_ Dea-
1' r. El Paso. Bear Oiieacj aod
East 4-4.P
9HM»a ?!__. _:r.«_ and Stockton 4.4:.?
9rtK>i Vallejo 6:15 l»
Kiss; San Jose, Lirenaore and
Stockton 7:1S»
*I:OOpSacr___3«n_o Hirer Steuaen •o:_»<._-
-1:00? S'.;__, Sin Jose and IJremore *r4SA
I tl:a«rPr.rtCc*-a_mdWa7S_a__=ns .7:43.>
4ttM.fMj-.iuf_. Baa RaaMM, Vallejo.
N_i _, <"...; ..vi, Ei Verano acd
I S_utalto6a ranae acd 9:13*
. l:__i 9:13 a
*:9AXr Benicia, Vacarilie. Woodland
X: -__r- U Tarhfing. Marj-STiUf. Ui_-
Tille and Raenuneo^o 11:13 a
4:»or L_____-_; __t->__ttc_, Modesto, Mer.
oe-i sad Fresco, poing Ha NLes,
retamicx ria Slirtincz 11:43 a
5-__>pLc? Angeiis Kzpreai, Tracy.
Fresno. Santa barlara and l_s
Aug»i*-a 10:43 a
Brt>" Sauta Fc- Itonte. Atlantic ivraaa
" for Moj.» . » awl i:-j.l I »:43 \
fi:© 4 *;* European Mail, OgJoii and East.... o___*
CcOOr Hii_r*»ar>l-. Nilrt aud Sau Jose 7:43»
! .7:00 Va_l t -jo *7:43*»
i 7:OOrOreffon EiprMS, Sacramento. Marja.
»II*!e, ltr*li!bif» Port^n.i. I'tige*
Sound au<l EastTT..; 11:13 a
"^lO:<l_ir "Sunset limited." Fresno. boa »
Angeles, .Hi Pa* . Sew Orieans
._ and East tiarSJp
]S SktiTM till / IHVI .ll» ■ Narrow bans. .
■ :!->■ Xe'TarV.* eiiterTi Uc.Saii .l osc Fcliou,
ilor.U_rCre«!c,S_vn_aC___andWa]r
Stations. 3:30r
•a:lsp Ne-srark. i'**T.*«*rT:;>. San Jose. New
Almaden. Felton, DoaUa Creek,
Santa Crnz and I*ri_ci;_t Way
Stations *1 l:-0*
4:15 Neiraiik. Sau Jose and l_oa l>at-__ ... 9:30 a
fll:13p Hunters' Exccrsion, San Jose and
Way SUt-ocs !7_«-p
I.OAnT HI VI .lON (Third A IOTTW.en. SU.)
SSI San Jose s-.ni Way Sin:: as (New
Ahnadeu Wednesdays only) 1:39*
•:13a Sau J.**.. Tres I-iios, Santa Cms.
Faeifie Grate. Taso 1 titles, San
1.-.-.;} <)!:«;-. < *______;-, Surf and
I'riiiCt^al M Station* .......... 7:09 p
llt:t(>. -. Joss and Way Stations. »J_->P
I1:3»a 1 ___ ■) Alto and Way Stations 3:30*
*2:30r San Mateo. Menlo Park. Sau Joee,
<;::rt*j\ Tres Pinos. Santa Cr.Tt,
Sali___,MontereyaudPacil>cGn>Te *10:t0__
•3:30p Saa Jose Way Stations 9:43 a
M:WrS»s I«e. Way Statious -»9:03 a
s:.'JOr >* . •'* _-_ aud Principal Way Stations »8:43 a
6 :3«r San Jose ami Way Stations 8:33 a
<ll:->..- San J owe a: 1 Way Stations *7:43»
>A> LKAAUKO A.M. HAIftARU. L«>4 AL. '
~i 1 8-_oIT " 7 7:13 a
_»:0«a \ (*_43a.
l* : S2ti «-?tTo_..____ai____r Park, j \**%*
"lISSp ritrlibtirg,S_aLe___idro \**H
3:OOP - i i^i
4:OOP * att "\ 5.-43P
: ™! p Hayw__rd». •*>»«■
5:30p MAmimmxmm. 7_43p
7:"Op *:4Si
8:OOp ._ 9-43?
9:OOp ; * R'-ias thronsti to Xlks. j io__M>_
ttll;lsp.' < From Niles. ( Hl--OOP
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
PraaSlS filSQSCO— fost sf Market Stmt (Slis 8)—
•7:15 9.00 iik>i...m. ;::: •;:: tj:B3
•4:00 .5:30 •6:00 p.m.
rre_ioi_Us_i— r«st afEr-iivaT *6._0 8.-00
io^oa.ll. tiug »i_oo ">ta .3 «3::: t»S3
'5.; i.M.
a.. A for Morning. T for Afternoon.
• Sundays excepted. f Saturdajs only.
1 Sundays only.
tt Monday, Thursday and Saturday nights only.
-Tueodays and Saturdays. S Sundays and T____reda__,
SMFRASCISCO & SORTH PA-
CIFIC RAILWAY CO.
Tiburon Ferry— Foot of Market St.
San Francisco to San Rafael.
WEEK DAYS-7:30, 9:00. 11:00 a. *.-. 13-3_L
8:S0. 5:10. 6:30 p. m. Thnrsdsvys— Extra tr-.o
at 11 -.30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:_0
and 11:30 p. x.
BCNDAVS- 9:30, 11:00 a. m.: 1:30. 3:3%
b :00. 6:20 P. K.
San Rafael to San Fr_nol.ro.
WEEK DAYS— 6:IS, 7:50. 9:___ 11-10 A. it-
-1 2-.45, 3 -.40, 5:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trini
at 1 :55 p. v. acd 6:33 P. v. p '
I SUNDAYS— _:U>. 9:,0, 11:10 a. it; 1:40, 3:11
6:00.6:25 P.M.
■■ Between San Francisco and Schnetzen Pars sama
schedule a-* above.
! " **•' In eff»r_t Arrive
' San Franclsca Oc_7_4? \ S*n Francisca
Wekk j Bra*- hs-^lon. ' srx- | Wmk"
Days. days. : t>estlnatlon. , Bax^ Dat^
7:<IOam;8:00 am| Novato. 10:40 am- 8:41) AM
3:Bopm 9:30 am Petaiuma. 6:10 pm< 10:25 am
j 6:10PMJ5:00 pm ' Santa Ro__- 7:35 PM 6:22 PM
• _ - Fulton.
7:30 am . Windsor. | 10:25 am
(Healdsburg, l
. ylton, . ~
j Geyserville,
3:30 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. | 7:?5 pm 6:__ nt
I ' Pieta, I
Hooland A
1 7:30 *** S:00 am j t?kl_h. 7:35 pmj 6:23
T_____ j j ! 10:25 am
8:00 am , GuernevUle. .35 PM ,
8:30 pm| ) j 6:22 pm
7:2.0 AM 8 :00 am Sonoma 110:40 am, 8:40 am
and
6:10 pm 5:00 pm ; Glen Ellen. ; 6:10 6:22 pm
7 -.30 am 80 J am] s-h-----, (10:40 am 10:2 »am
3:30 tm 5:00 pm , t>e ° astopo '- i 6:10 j 6:23 pm
Stares connect at Santa Rosa for Marie West
Sprinsrs; a; Geyserville for Slcasrss Springs; at
Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Pleta for Highland
Spring, Kelseyville. Soda Bar and Lakeport; a:
Hopiand for Lakeport and Bartiett Springs: at
Ukiah for Vichy springs, Saratoga Springs, Bluo
Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake. Upper Lake, Porno, Potter
I Valley. Jonn Day's, Riverside, Lierley Buck-
) nells, Sanhedrin Heights. Hullville, Booneviile
: Greenwood, Orr's Hot S_>rln£.«. Mendocino City
; Fort Braes. Westport, Usal, WUI eta Cahto. c£
i ve'.o, Laytonvihe. Harris, Scotia and Eureka.
* Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at radooed
! rates. . ■ - .
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all points ba.
yond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices. 650 Market st., Chronicle hnlldlot.
A _» W. FOSTER,- KX.RYA__. *
- Pre*, and Gen. Manager. . Gen. Pass. A_g«__kCARSON LONGS IN
VAIN FOR STUART
Crowds Besiege Each Train, I
but Still the Manager
Cometh Not.
Harry Corbett Arrives to Look
Alter the Interests of the
Champion.
The Pomp'adoured Heavy - Weight
Starts From Salt Lake for
Sm Francisco.
CARSON, Nev., Feb. 9. —Anxiety is
rapidly reaching white heat in this city
.because of the persistent refusal of Dan
Stuart, manager and promoter of tbe
• promised greatest of all fistic battles, to
arrive here on schedule time. Stuart was
due this morning and when the train
jumbled into Carson depot a great and
eager crowd was there to greet him. An
-enterprising photographer had even taken
.ip a position on a wobbly awning oppo
site the station in order to get, a snap shot
at the central figure of America -.-sporting
world.
As the passengers filed out of the I
coaches one by one, and the face and
figure that has been studied from news
paper cuts diligently since the passage of
the prize-fight bill did not appear, there
was a chorus of expressions carrying with j
-them more than ordinary disappointment. i
There was to be another train ere the j
sun set, and Stuart still had a chance to |
get in on time and assure tbe anxious ones ;
•that the great fight was really to re pulled j
oft in Nevada. This train, which tur- !
bles in on the afternoon schedule at 3:30 \
o'clock, found waiting fcr it even a greater !
throng than that which comprised the
morning watch. But there was no Stuart.
. This suspense is a veritable itch to the
good people of Carson. They are begin
ning to imagine that all sorts of obstacles
are arising which might prevent the
world's championship battle. Although
it. seems to be generally understood that
the contest will take place in Carson, still
there is no element of certainty about it,
and that is why Car_oni.es are given to
worrying tome what; that is why they
: want to see Stuart on the ground. They
know he will have to decide quickly, as
there is not much time to lose, particu
larly in view of Stuart's announcement
.that he intends to erect a mammoth pa
vilion for tho affair.
• A story was circulated to-day that for a
time had anything but a tendency to ease
the* minds of the anxious ones in Carson.
It was to the effect that Stuart had ar
rived in Reno and that before he could
board a train forCarsbn he was captured by
A committee of Reno's citizens, which
spirited him away and was engaged in an
effort to persude him to bring off the
fight in that town in preference to the
capital of the Sagebrush State. This story
proved to be a false alarm. It was traced
to a wag who works at the depot, and now
that wag Ib judiciously keeping himself
. in seclusion.
' It was learned here to-night that Stuart
is coming this way over the southern
route instead of the Central Pacific He
"was in Yuma this afternoon, and cannot
arrive here now until Thursday.
Harry Corbett, brother of the ponipa
doured lad who lowered the colors "of the
great John L., arrived this morning, and
that had a tendency to appease the multi
tude in its disappointment over Stuart's
failure to appear. Harry came direct
from San Francisco, and made no denial
that his chief object was to have a con
sultation with Mr. Cooke, the handsome
- young theatrical agent, who came several
days ago to select training quarters for
Corbett. If,
While Harry said he had no thought of
' attempting to relieve Cooke of his task,
. still he considered himself interested in
so important a matter as choosing train
ing-grounds, and on approaching Cooke
.he headed off a possible clash by ad
' van'cing the old "Two heads are better
than one" theory. They got along
nicely.
Cooke has visited every suitable site
'.-hereabouts, and has a book full of figures
about altitudes and thermoraetrical idio
syncrasies which he intends to submit to
James J. to-morrow. Cooke at first fa
. vored Steamboat Springs, but he was
afraid the hot baths there would have a
weakening effect, and also that the slight
taint of mercury in the water might be in
jurious.
.Besides this, the accommodations were
scarcely what he fancied the man who
wants Fitz's scalp might desire. So he
turned to Shaws Springs, located but a
mile from Carson. The proprietor practi
cally promised to bujld a handball court
and such other paraphernalia as Corbett
might Tiffd, but it is still no certainty
that Cooke or Corbett can get this location.
y This is the place that was chosen by
. Fitzsimmons for his preparatory work,
It is true that Bob only wired for terms
for himself and party and has not since
sent .word that he would accept, but
nevertheless the proprietor of the springs
seems to believe that he is in duty bound
to at least give Fitzsimmons a little time.
"If be does not hear from the Australian
soon he will surrender the place to the
' Corbett party.
A rather improbable story bounded over
this way from Truckee to-day, and inter
ested Sheriff William Kinney of Carson.
It was to the effect that 100 or more lum
ber-workers of that place were organizing
-secretly for the purposo of coming to Car
son on the 17th of March, and with their
superior numb.r brush doorkeepers and
peace officers aside and see the fight for
nothing.
Now, be it known that Kinney is not
only the County Sheriff here, but is a
veritable Pooh-Bah in the police line. In
addition to the shrievalty he holds the
' tlioes of Chief of Police, City Marshal,
Constable and Chief of the Fire Depart
ment. .•.-.'..
la at least four of these capacities he
■will find himself responsible for the peace
and dignity of the occasion when "Jim"
and "F.tz" meet with their mittens on,
and be may even have to press into service
(the fifth, should the affair become too
'wry. Mr. Kinney says he bas authority
ro appoint, in the first place, deputy
sheriffs, i policemen, deputy constables,
deputy marshals and finally to establish
a reserve force of firemen, all of whom
will attend tbo fight clothed with author
ity as peace officers. It is needless to say
tbat applications for these responsible po
sitions are pouring in upon him .from all
sides, and, what may be considered even
more remarkable, none of the volunteers*
seem to care whether or not they get any
pay for their services.
"No, I will not name my squad until
after I have had a talk with Stuart," said
Kinney to-day. "He may not deem a
heavy force necessary. I do not for my
part. I expect an immense but orderly
gntbering. All this talk about the lumber
men or miners invading the scene is
nonsense. We don't have those kind of
people in Nevada. If it were summer we
might look for a delegation of hoboes and
cheap gamblers, but at this time of the
year you know the walking is bad and
conducive of chilblains, and I do not
count upon entertaining many members
of the Industrial Army."
Mr. Cooke and Harry Corbett received
I telegraphic information to-night to the
effect that Jim Corbett would reach Reno
tomorrow evening and that he desired to
meet them there for a brief chat. He will
net visit Carson on this trip. He is ac
companied by his wife and is anxious loses
her safely in San Francisco before going
into training, and to visit his parents as
well. Mrs. Corbett will remain in San
Francisco during her.husband's training
and until after the ficht. Apartments
have been engaged for her at the St. Nich
olas Hotel.
Nothing definite has been heard at all
during tho past three days regarding Fitz
simmons or as to the time toexpect his ar
rival. Neither is there any one represent
ing him or his interests..
CORBETT AT SALT LAKE.
Complexion ofthe Champion Still lias a '
brillotc Tinge.
SALT LAKE, Utah, Feb. 9.— Champion
J. J. Corbett, accompanied by h.s wife,
his trainer, John McVey, Billy Woods and
Joe Egan, arrived in the city to-day. Cor
bett gave a sparring exhibition with Mc-
Vey at the theater t<->-ni__ht. The house
was crowded and the champion was en
thusiastically received.
Corbett is looking well, but a little sal
low of complexion. This is due, he says,
to training down. He now weighs iso
pounds, the weight at which he is to meet
Fuzsimmonat
He bad little to say about the coming
fight except that Fitzs,iramons and his
friends would receive a rude awakening.
They considered Fi'.zsimmons his supe
rior, but the champion is confident that
he will demonstrate otherwise in a very
few rounds when they g6t into the ring.
Until then he is not inclined to do much
talking.
The party left for San Francisco to
night, where Corbett will remain for a few
days, leaving for Nevada on Sunday
night. He will give sparring exhibitions
in Virginia City, Reno and Carson on
Monday, Tuesday and Wednesday nights
of next week and then go into regular
training for the fight.
XITZSIBMOXS' COXDITIOX.
Could Enter the Prise-Ring With Ten
Days' Preparation.
NEW YORK, N. V., Feb. 9.— While Cor
bett is slowiy making bis way toward
Nevada, Fitzsimmons has as yet made no
definite plans for beginning his long jour
ney west. He may start to-morrow and
again he may not leave this city until the
latter part of the week. Fitzsimmons,
like Corbett, will try to make a few
shekels on the way.
Martin Julian will arrange for the
auburn-haired boxer to stop at several of
the large cities to give exhibitions. Julian ,
will then leave for Carson City to engage \
training quarters. Three towns have of- j
fered good inducements.
While Fitzsimmons Is taking exercise
every day he has done no real training as
yet. He claims ten days will be all that
is necessary to put him into good shape.
He seems nearly fit to enter a ring now.
He intended to do heavy worK yesterday
but Earnest Roeber, with whom the New
Zealander wrestles, did not show up and
so Fitzsimmons had to content himself
with his usual ten-mile run, a rub down
and a bout with his pet dog. Just what
Fitzsimmons weighs he and his trainers
alone know. They are very careful not to
make it public nor to discuss the subject.
He doubtless is heavier than usual.
Fitzsimmons is hot upon the trail of
"Billy" Brady. He says the latter is sim
ply bluffing when he offers to bet $1000
that Fitzsimmons will never get into the
ring with Corbett.
"I'll cover his $1000 whenever he wants
to put it up," said the Australian. "Brady
need not think he will have to pay ms to
get into the rin_ with Corbett, like he did
Mitchell. Corbett's fight with Mitchell
was a fake pure and simple. The latter
said he would not fight Corbett unless he
was paid, so Brady put up the thousand.
I'm willing to go on record as saying
that."
A TUG-OF-WAR SCHEME.
How Some of the Sailor T.ads Wer..
Trapped by Trained Athletes
on the Water Front.
An exciting affair occurred at the new
ferry building yesterday morning. A
number of brawny longshoremen and
sailors were discussing tho tug-of-war
tournament in which several of their
number are to participate, at the corner
of Market and East streets. As the dis
cussion became quite heated regarding
the muscular merits of each team a by
stander, who had not entered the discus
sion, said he could produce four men
within half an hour who could "outpuli
anything on the water front."
At first he was thought to be some
meddlesome idler parading a large-sized
bluff, but when he offered a couple of
shining twenties to back his assertion the
crowd was convinced of his sincerity and
immediately commenced canvassing for
"men and money" to captnie the alleged
good thin p. After nearly an hour's dili
gent search a quartet of hercuiean can
didates for muscular honors were re
cruited, and the requisite $40 being posted
the unknown plunger covered it and
hastened away to rally his contingent of
rope-pullers.
He returned punctually at the hour
agreed for (11 ___ m.) and it was hastily de
cided that the contestants try conclusions
o.i the steel cubic used on one of the der
ricks to hoist material at the new ferry
depot. Permission being granted, the
men took up about 100 feet of the slack
cable to the third floor, and bavins impro
vised cleats on some wide two-inch planks
they grasped their respective ends. The
tug was even for about two and a half
minutes, then the rope began io travel
toward the unknowns' side slowly and
with aggravating precision till with one
mighty effort the opposing team was
pulled over the. cleats like bowlders de
scending a mountain side..
The referee handed the winners their
money and it was then for the first time
learned that they had gone np against four
of the best men of the Irish team under
Captain James Hardned, who are en
tered for the big tug-of-war tournament
nt the Mechanics' .Pavilion.
Exposition Funds Not Certain.
Tho appropriations for the Guatemala and
Hamburg expositions have not been audited
by Mr. Broderick and they may not be ap
proved. The principal trouble is that they
are made payable upon the urgent necessity
fund, which was not created for such pur
poses.
Every Atlantic trip of the larger of
the ocean liners costs from $15,000 to
$20,000. '^':^ ;:, :-';^v*^:
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 10, 1897.
MLLE. TREBELLI
MAKES A HIT
A Little- Known Singer
Takes Her Audience
by Storm.
She Is a Coloratura Vocalist
Who Shines in Many Styles
of Song.
Gustav Hinrichs' Orchestra Enhances
the Concert— Beel's Farewell
Appearance.
Antoinette Trebelli came and sang and.
conquered at the California Theater last
night.
Probably not over one person in a hun
dred among the audience had ever heard
the young woman, before. Most music
lovers knew her name, of course; every
one who takes an interest in tbe history
of opera has heard of Zelie Trebelli, tb*
great contralto. But Antoinette — who was
she? Before she arrived in this City on
her tour around the world, few people
were aware tbat Trebelli had left a
daughter to continue the family reputation
for vocal art. Judging from last night's
enthusiasm, however, Antoinette Trebelli
has already found a number of warm ad
mirers in San Francisco.
Mile. Trebelli has always used to sine
In opera, which accounts for her not being
so widely known as many other lyric
artists of less ability. It also accounts for
the fact that her voice in its maturity is
as fresh and unworn as that of a young
girl just making her debut.
Treoelli showed her versatility last
night by singing a variety of different
styles of music, from a florid "bravura"
work to a little simple "lied."
It is bard to find anything but lavish
praise for every note she sang. She is a
soprano with a rich, full, even voice, but
possessing the coloratura, the ease and
agility of the most apile soprano leggero.
In short, Trebelli is an exponent of that
rapidly disappearing art, bei canto, and
her tri. roulades and runs ere things of
"•beauty.
The concert opened with the prelude to
"Hansel and Gretel." which was excel
lently piay d by Gustav Hinrichs' Sym
phony Orchestra.
Trebelli, a buxom young woman in a
green and .ink Dresden silk gown, with
a corsage gleaming with diamonds, was
given a very kindly reception, which
changed to enthusiasm after she had sung
"Bel Raggio," from "Semirainide." The
vocal embroideries of this old show aria
were tossed off as easily by the singer as
. quaffing a glass of wine. Of course an
encore was demanded, and Mie. Trebelli
gave Taubert's "In a Distant Land" with
charming expression.
It is always considered either a sign of
finished bei canto, or of utter rashness
when a soprano challenges comparison
with a flute obligato. In Bishop's "Lo,
I hear the gentle lark," Trebelii's execution
| was as easy and smooth as that of the
i flute which played the obligato, and so
much applause was given her exquisite
display of vocal fireworks that she oblig
ingly repeated the song.
A very different style of music was the
grand aria from Massenet's "Heriodade,"
"II est doux, il est bon," but this more
modern and dramatic work seemed to
display the singer's rich, fall notes and
her good cantabile style. As an encore
Miss Trebelli sang a vocal setting of a
Chopin mazurka.
The plaintive, beautiful music of
' _.olvej_.'a Song," from Grieg's incidental
j music to Ibsen's "Peer Gym," was the
Jast vocal number on the programme.
Trebelli sang it with a simple charm which
I again showed her versatility.
When the audience insisted on hearing
| her again she completed the subjugation
| of her hearers with the "Langhine Song"
I from Auber's "Manon Leseaud," which
! she gave with a spontaneous mirth which
I arousod responsive echoes of laughter
j from many parts of the house.
An especial interest attached to the
work of the Hinrichs Symphony Orches
j tra, as la*t night was announced as the
j final appearance of Sigmund Seel as con
! cert master, prior to his departure for
Europe.
Bizet's "Suite Arlesienne" and the
well-known entr'acte from Schubert's
\ "Rosamunde" were played with expres
sion and . finish by the orchestra, and
Saint-Saens' "Danse Macabre" was given
a thoroughly realistic rendering.
The concert would have been more en
joyable had the utmost, ere of the theater
teen less glacial. The California has
been closed for some weeks, and during
the first part of the evening ti.e fact was
uncomfortably evident in the chilly air.
It is announced thut in consequence of
last night's success Trebelli concerts will
be given Saturday afternoon and Sunday
and Tuesday evenings.
THE FLAGLESS NICARAGUA
Her Commission and License
Revoked by a Central Amer
ican Government
The Merging of Nicaragua Into the
. Greater R public Causes A'l
tin Trouble.
Captain Mclntyre, the genial captain of
the big steam collier Costa Rica, is in the
peculiar position of a shipmaster without
a flaz to fly at his masthead almost "a
man without a countiy."
For a long time past the Costa Rica has
plied between this port and Nanaimo,
bringing in her heavy burdens of coal
and riving the flag of Nicaragua, the little
Central American public, principally
noted for revolutions and an extremely
torrid climate.
' Why tie steamer should carry the name
of one revolutionary State and tbe flag of
another, nas n^ver been explained satis
factorily, but the vessel prospered never
theless. .;..■;•' ..;
Some time ago the beads of three of the
little Central American. States Honduras,
Salvador and Nicaragua — joined issues lor
mutual advancement and prosperity, and
the Greater Republic of Central America
was the result.
One of the first acts of the new Govern
ment was to revoke all of the commissions
tbat had existed under tbe regimes of the
minor republics.
Consul Captain William L. Merry of
Nicaragua lost bis position, as did Consul
John T. Wright of Honduras and Consul
Dr. Eustorgio Caldcron of Salvador. Then
the latter was appointed Consul for the
Greater Republic, with full power to look
after its interests in this City.
In addition to deposing the Consuls the
new Government revok d the licenses and
commissions of all vessels sailing under
the separate flags of the three States, and
moreover decided that for the present at
least tbe flag of the new Government
should fly over no ships except the war
vessels/ belonging to the allied Govern
ments.
Thus it was that Captain Mclntyre
found himself without a flag, and is even
now looking for one under which he can
sail bis ship. •
He has good reasons, he says, for not
adopting the American flag, and intends
to take bis time before he selects one that
shall replace the emblem of the republic
that is no more.
PIKES AND FALSE ALARMS.
They Kept the Department Busy for
Several Hours.
Four false alarms and two small fires
kept the department busy for a few hours
last evening. The first alarm was from
box 147 at 7:25 o'clock, and an investiga
tion proved it to be false. The secoud,
from box 79, at 8:05 o'clock, was also a
bogus alarm. Box 62, nt 9 o'clock, and
box 63, at 9:06 o'clock, also proved to be
false alarms.
After Chief Sullivan had raced to the
four boxes, he placed two men in biding
in the vicinity of each of the boxes south
of Market street in the hope of delecting
those who were causing the department
so much trouble. The attempt, however,
proved unsuccessful.
An alarm was sounded from box 78 at
9:10 o'clock for a fire in the rear of a
dwelling occupied by Dr. T. Leonard,
1310 Howard sireet. The cause of the fire,
which damaged the building to the ex
tent of $100, was unknown.
The alarm from 53 at 11:05 was a small
hay fire on wharf X at the foot of Third
street. The damage was slight.
WANT AN ELEOTEIO LINE.
Sixth-Street 1.1 ants Complain of
Decreasing Business.
Merchants and members of the Sixth
street Improvement Club want an elec
tric railway on Sixth street, connecting
that thoroughfare with the Potrero. A
few weeks ago electric-lights were strung
Valet Clark on the Stand.
along the center of the street and a gor
geous demonstration was given In hopes
that it would cause a revival of business.
The merchants still complain, however,
and say that business has decreased
almost 50 per cent during the past yeai.
A meeting of the Sixth-street Improve
ment Club was called lastevenine and the
situation was discussed at. length. Mr.
Dohrmann, president or the Merchants'
Association, suggested that if good streets
and better car service were desired, all
members of the club should keep the
matter constantly agitated and before the
eyes of the public
Iff. Israel then moved that a committee
of five be appointed to affiliate with a like
committee from the Merchants' Associa
tion to visit the Market-street Railway
Company and lay before it the proposi
tion of laying an electric railway on Sixth
street. This motion carried, M. Israel, H.
Wolf, Mr. Farr_ll, H. Elsbach and G.
Merle were appointed as a committee.
The proposition of repaying the street was
also discussed, but no definite action in its
regard was fatten.
Insurance Men Banquet.
The Natural Premium Underwriters' Associa
tion of the Pacific Coast held its annual ban
quet last night in the Cafe Zlnkand. A num
berof general managers and invited guests
were present and a most enjoyable evening
was passed. A number of addresses were
Ed ward Malley Giving His Testimony.
made by those present on subjects ot interest
to life insurance men. The following were
among those present: D. Gilbert Dexter S.
W. Wyckoff, F. V. Weed, H. D. Rowe, CM
Onkley. David H. Dexter, Ambrose Harris,
Morris Schwartz, A. C. Jaclcman, M. _3_ Sabln,
James Marvin, D. G. Gould, James B. Warren'
H. 6. Candrian.
•— * — •
TO CUKE A COLD IN ONE DAT.
Take laxative Bromo Quinine Tablets. All drug
gista refund the money Uit toils to cure, 25c
VALET CLARK
UNDER FIRE
His Memory Very Poor
About Senator Fair's
Movements.
Attorney Hosmer Objrcts to Mr.
Reddy's Examination of His
Chief Witness.
Evidence That Senator Fair Was at
a Back Meeting on a Day
in Question.
The evidence for the prosecution was
concluded in the preliminary examination
of Notary J. J. Cooney for perjury before
Judge Cook yesterday. It was announced
that the defense would go on to-day, be
ginning this morning.
George J. Storey, cashier and secretary
of the National Savings Bank, was the
first witness called. He was put on partly
to corroborate the evidence of Herbert
, Clark, valet, as to the movements of the
Senator on September 27, 1894, the day
when he is alleged to have been in Notary
Cooney's office.
The witness said that on September 27.
1594, Senator Fair attended a meeting ot
the board of directors of the bank, this
being in the afternoon. The witness bad
his minute-book with him, and from this
he read that the following were present at
the meeting:
James D. Phelan, first vice-president, in
the chair; James G. Fair, S. G. Murphy,
John A. Hooper, C. G. Hooper, Frank J.
Sullivan, James Moffitt. The meeting
was called for 3 p. m. and occupied about
an hour.
"Was there any exit from the rear of
the directors' room?" asked Mr. Barnes.
"None whatever."
"So no person attendiug that meeting
could possibly have left by another way
than by the front door?"
"No."
"How long were you acquainted with
Senator Fair?"
"Ever since I was employed by the
bank. About four years."
"Do you of your own memory and
knowledge recall Senator Fair's physical
condition on that day?"
"1 remember that for some time pre
vious to that meeting Senator Fair was a
sick man. He was very weak and irrita
ble, and at times almost palsied. It was
his custom to preside at directors' meet
ings, but some time before he died be was
obliged to call upon Mr. Phelan to pre
side."
- Mayor Phelan was tbe next witness. He
corroborated what Cashier Storey said
concerning the meeting of September 27,
1891, and there was no cross-examination. ,
Herbert , Clark was recalled by Attor-
I ney Reddy and be reasserted that be ac
| companied "Senator Fair to his office on j
1 the 16th of September, 1894. He also re- ]
MM>' .■.v-'.v n--e- - •sraltMval •
' ; -j^s--l NEW TO-DAT— DRT GOOT)<«
111 = Iff
in MBl^. om ill
1 'SALE iff
0 We have shown you duringthe past couple *g
A of days what Fifty Cents wisely and judiciously A
A expended can do. It has enabled many who A
A came to buy a full dollar's worth. It is not a A
A case of unloading: a lot of old passe stuff, but a 5
A real "bargain carnival," a giving away of lots X
A of good every-day necessities and some of the A
A luxuries of life way below what they would A
0 ordinarily cost. A
A All of the items advertised at the com- A
A mencement of this sale which have not been X
0 closed out are still to be had at the 50-cent rate. X
I SPECIAL FOR TO-DAY ONLY! I
JL in addition to the world of bargains on sale at A
X FIFTY CENTS we offer the following few items at V
Q Special Prices for TO-DAY only. Q
X LADIES' SHIRT WAISTS X
X AT 39 CENTS EACH. I
V The renowned "Griffon" brand, made by Weill, HaskeH & Co., of New Sr
A York, one of the leading firms in their line. The offering consists of about Q
V 150 dozen of tlieir samples, hardly any two alike. The materials are Per- jT
O cales. Lawns, Dimities, Foulards, Organdies, Zephyrs and Madras Cloth, ail O
JL made in the best style, laundered collars and cuffs, some detached, others A
V attached, ail sizes, styles and colors. Many of them represent lines to be Vr
A sold above $1 apiece. -.Vr" "j • ' - A
0 BROCADED BLACK SILKS 0
6 AT 35 CENTS A YARD. 6
A The favorite Figured Black Indias, almost 24 inches wide. They are (S
jT much in demand now for waists and will be worn the coming season in full V
O costumes. We show them in ten lovely floral designs. They are positively O
X pure silk and sell every day from regular stock at 50c a yard. A
0 FIGURED HOUSSELINE DE LAINE 0
Iff AT 19 CENTS A YARD. Iff
iii These are light ground, all-wool materials, similar to French Challies. ill
§15 The designs are flowers, vines and set figures in the most natural dainty ff!
iff colorings. As sheer materials will be much in vogue this class of goods will "ff
ill be extremely "au fait." Tbeir real value is 50c. in
Iff SATIN TWILL SUITINGS Iff
lb AT 6i CENTS A YARD, iii
Iff A Twilled Cotton Wash Fabric resembling printed cashmeres. The Iff
]J{ colorings are midway between iignt and dark, such as delft blue, tan, helio- ]]}
iii trope and rose, grounds well covered with printed designs in black and 111
iSm white. Would be value at 12}^c. *±?gi£i |I 9
IU SAN FRANCISCO'S CHEAPEST STORE itt
1 [ MARKET ST., OM. TAYLOR AXD GOLDE J GATE AYE. ] [
membered the bank meeting on Septem
ber 27.
When court was reconvened at 2 p. m.
Valet Clark was called to the stand, but
his testimony was unimportant.
Edward Mai ley of the contracting firm
of Warren & • Mailey, succeeded Clark
upon the stand. Mr. Malley, whose face
was wreathed with smiles, testified that
on September 27, 1894. be was acquainted
with Senator Fair and Valet Clark. On
the afternoon of that day be saw the two
men on Post street.
Mr. Fair entered the Mutual Savings
Bank, which confronts Post street, and
the tractile Clark waited on the sidewalk
for his master.
At the conclusion of an hour's weary
vigil Clark was still in evidence, and, so
the witness presumed, Senator Fair was
still inside.
When cross-examined by Mr. Reddy, of
cunt-el for the defense, Mr. Malley, who
till retained bis placating smile, admitted
hat he was not positive as to the date he
had seen Senator Fair and Clark on Post
street. I -"- ■'■' '?'\T-si:2'J<.
Continuing, Mr. Malley testified that
during September, 1894, he was "after
, Fair on every occasion" in the hope of
securing a desirable contract.
When asktd by Mr. Keddy why he had
not gone into the Mutual Savings Bank to
speatc to Senator Fair the witness stated
that the Senator had for some time
studiously avoided him and that he
wished to take him unawares. For the
same potential reason he had refrained
from approaching Clark.
The witness admitted that he bad not
until last Saturday informed any one as
to bis possession of information regarding
the visit of Senator Fair in September,
1594, to the Mutual Savings Bank. On
the day in question he had gratuitously
volunteered the, information to Charley
air.
When Mr. Malley had been excused
Valet Clark was recalled. With a studied
air of ennui the retainer of the dead Sen
ator took the chair, and in response to
questions admitted that he had within a
few days conferred with Charles Fair's
attorneys regarding the cause at issue,
and that be had with the same persons
discussed the matter of Senator Fair's
movements on September 27. 1894.
To a Jong series of questions propounded
by Mr. Reddy Valet ClarK almost invari
aby responded that be did not remember.
Finally Assistant District Attorney
Hoamer came to Clark's rescue by inter
posing an objection to the line of ques
tioning pursued by the defense.
Springing to bis feet Mr. Reddy de
clared tbat when he encountered a wit
ness whose memory was "like an old
shoe, calculated to fit only desired points
and angles," be felt he was justified in
being extreme in cross-examination.
Judge.Cook assumed the role of "great
pacificator," and then the inquisition pro
ceeded. ; >\, >.
In reply to queries propounded by Mr.
Reddy, the body servant of the deceased
millionaire testified that for eleven years
antecedent to the day of his demise Sena
tor Fair had been afflicted with diabetes
and Brighl's disease of the kidneys. Dur
ing the time specified the witness had con
stantly attended bis patron.
By a series of ingenious interrogatories
Attorney Reddy sought to demonstrate
that owing to physical disability Senator
Fair could not have remained in the
Mutual Savings Bank for so long a period
as that alleged (by implication at least) by
Mr. Malley. But Clark's plea of ataxic
memory continued in force.
Tbe case goes on to-day, commencing at
10 A. m. -'-:.-: ';
SOUTH OP THE PAEK.
Sunset Improvement Club Opposed to
the Carfare deduction.
Several subjects of local importance
were discussed at last night's meeting of
the Sunset Improvement Club and resolu
tions bearing upon the same adopted.
The bill now before the Legislature ,
providing a 2J^-cent car rata was opposed
by the meeting on motion of Frank Conk
lin, the financial secretary, for the reason
that such a measure would prove detri
mental to all outside sections of the City.
James Cavanagh. chairman of the elec
tric lights committee, stated that Super
visor Rivers had assured him that the arc
lights required for the south side of the
park would be supplied on and after next
July, when the necessary funds would be
at his disposal.
A communication was received from ex-
Mayor Sutro, expressing his opposition to
the location of the Pesthouse on the Alms
house land.
Daniel Foley reported that it was the In
i tention or the Supervisors to stop all street
' improvements on the south side of the
j park until a proper system of sewerage
could be installed.
The question of having electric lights
I placed in Golden Gate Park was discussed
lat length, but no definite action was
| taken ns the Park Commissioners are con-
I sidering a scheme for supplying a plant
i for that- purpose.
Acommi tee consisting of J. J. Walsh
Sr., James Cavanagh and Frank Conkliu
was appointed to look after the illumina
tion of tbe district and the park. • ,
Julius Franklin stated that steps would
j be taken to place a fire engine and hose
cart on the lot on Tenth avenue, between
I and J streets, as the necessity for a coxa*
| pany in that vicinity was urgent.
M. Deibler, the veteran executioner of
Paris, has beheaded over 200 persons.
East Portland, Or., boasts of one of tha
prettiest Margarettes in the land. This
sweet little girl is the daughter of Mr. and
Mrs. H. Schnider of 282 Crosby street. East
Portland. Or. As you see her in this pic-
ture you see her in the flesh. Her cheeks
are plump, her eyes bright, and there is
color in her cheeks. There is not a mark,
a blot or blemish to spoil the beautiful
contour of the lace. The reason is given j
that she has been using Joy's Vegetable
Sarsaparilla. Margarette sends her love
to California, and tells of her delight with
Joy's Vegetable Sarsaparilla.
Margarette is winsome, bright, and is
easily the prettiest Margarette in the coun-
try. I spoke to her father. His place of
business is at 33 Fourth street, Portland.
He came out of his office especially to tell
me of the great good Joy's Vegetable Sar-
saparilla had done for ibefamily. "It is,"
said he, "the family medicine now, and
we propose always to keep this remedy in
the house." He advised me to visit many •
other houses in Portland and I would
learn of wonderful things that- had been
done by Joy's Vegetable Sarsaparilla. He
said he knew of a case of scrofula that was
completely cured by this great blood med-
icine. „._.:
By the way, a remarkable thing in Port- •
land is tbat there are no substitutes here.
People are not putting up something '-just
as cood." and of course when you ask for
Joy's Vegetable Sarsaparilla you get it
without a murmur. The truth is they are
not cutting the price, and druggists make
a rational profit, therefore do not feel in-
clined to cheat people. It is a good idea '
to publish this letter as written.
BEHBY XU&HAtf. j
56
WEDNESDAY FKBP.UaBY 10,1397
CHARLES IW. SHOKTRIDQE,
i Editor and Proprietor.
SUBSCRIPTION RATES-Postage Frea :
Dolly and Sunday Call, one week, by carrier.. i
Daily and Sunday Call, one year, by mail. .. 6.00 '
Dally and Sunday Call, six months, by mall.. 3.00 .
Dally and Sunday Call, three months by mail 1.80 j
Dally and Sunday Call, one month, by mall- .68 I
Sunday Call, one year, by mal!~ 1-60 !
*> kiJtLV Call, one year, by mail 1-M I
■
BUSINESS OFFICE:
710 Market Street.
San I'rancisco, California.
Telephone ilaln-18M
EDITORIAL ROOMS:
617 Clay Street.
Telephone Main— lß74
BRANCH OFFICES:
827 Montgomery itreet, corner Clay; open until
8 JO o'clock.
389 Hayes street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
CIS Larkin street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
BW. corner Sixteenth and Mission streets; opes
mill 9 o'clock.
2618 Mission street-, open until 9 o'clock.
197 Ninth ■tract; open until 9 o'clock.
1305 Folk street; open batll 9:30 o'clock.
OAKLAND OFFICB:
too Broadway.
EASTERN OFFICE:
P.ooms 51 and 32, 34 Park Row, New York City.
DAVID H. FOLTZ, Eastern Manager.
We CALL SPEAKS FOR ALL.
THE FAKE MD THE FACT. j
— THE FAKE
The Examiner published for several days at the
top of its title page th- following fate:
THE EXAMINER PUELISHED
249,757 Inches
Of Ads During J 896.
5964 More
Than were published by any i
other San Francisco newspaper.
In the publication of this fake the Examiner
was probably not aware that a careful record was
being kept of the actual amount in inches of its
advertising and that in consequence it could be
confronted with the following fact.
TELE FACT
THE EXAMINER FUELISHED
236,528 Inches
Of Ads During J 896.
That is one fact and here is an-
other :
THE CALL PUBLISHED
239,551 Inches
Of Ads During 1 896.
3,023 More
Inches were published in .
THE CALL than in the
Examiner during J 896.
It Is ;o be remembered that during 1895 the I
Examinrr published apiroximare'y 800 inches of i
illegal lottery advertisements, of w.iich The Call j
did not and would not pubitsi one.
'1 be monarch of the fatter* has doubtless sue- |
ceeded in securing thousands of inches of adver- j
tising during the past year by dupin .- and dccciv. I
Ing advertisers through false and arrogant asser- j
tions of the cnaracter of the foregoing fake. It J
would seem, however, from the facts that the !
merchants as a rule have not been misled by its j
fraudulent p-eteuses.
The Examiner boasts that Its books are open to
Inspection, but we suggest that it In-pect Its own i
books before lt venture* UDoa the publication of j
another fake.
We congratulate the pnbllc on the fact that the i
exrosnre of this fake led the Examiner to drop it.
IB this the Examiner discreet, and If it ii wise
ll will make no more such bold attempts to '
deceive the public.
1 I
Honest water rates are what the people
demand.
The water rate investigation is the town
topic to-day.
The blackmailer tries to evade the issue,
but does not succeed.
Before the coyote scalp scandal is over
there may be other scalps.
Cleveland.- term is now merely a matter
of days and they are flying.
The Board of Trade prophesies a year of
plenty, and the board ought to know.
A war between Greece and Turkey
would soon get all the European fat in tbe
fire. &V&M
It looks as if the payroll scandal in
tended to stay with the Legislature to the
end.
The Senators seem to regard a Presiden
tial veto as a footstool on wbich to set
both feet.
Cuba asks for arms and ammunition and
she continues to receive speeches and
sympathy.
.
Crete is small but in these later years it
li?.- made more history than many a big
ger country.
If the coming fight in Nevada is con
ducted wisely it may yet be referred to as
a sage brush.
The Supervisors have acted right so far
in the work of fixing water rates and
should stictc to it.
Public indignation doesn't have to use
its hands to stop the blackmailers. An
eye on them is enough. /
There seem to be us many coyotes as
clerks on the State payroll, but then the
clerks were not scalped.
It is very fortunate that neither the
Texas nor the Indiana was in the Atlantic
squadron when the hurricane struck it.
Now that McKinley has about finished
serving the Cabinet pudding, there is a
wild demand for him to begin cutting the
pie. *
The Cubans will not accept small re
forms from Spain when they have only to
persevere in order to make bigger and bet
ter ones of tbeir own.
If the water and the, gas companies
cease to pay subsidies to blackmailers,
they will De able to furnish cheaper water
and cheaper gas to the people.
1 ■!■-■♦■ I
In describing the work of getting up its
fake petition the Examiner said yesterday,
"more are signing by the hundreds." Are
we to understand then that many people
ere induced to sign a hundred signatures
at a time?
. The Board of Supervisors will meet this morning as a committee of the whole to
consider the problem of fixing water rases for the fiscal year. The president and
secretary of the Spring Valley "Water Company have been invited to be present to
furnish the Supervisors with information they may need in order to enable them
more accurately to perform the duty required of them. The meeting will be one of
more than ordinary interest as well as importance, and it is to be reasonably expected
that the proceedings will lay a foundation for the establishment of a fair rate which
| will be just both to the company and to the people.
A report of the Water Committee submitted to the Board of Supervisors on Mon
j day gives promise that the popular expectation of having water rates fixed fairly and
j justly will not be disappointed. In the course of its report the committee said:
The City and County is called upon to allow fair and reasonable water rates to be paid by
the City and County and Its inhabitants, and certainly it should be informed, clearly and
convincingly, of the details of the expenditures of the company in order to act as fair
and just arbitrators between the company and its customers. The company owes it to itself
and to its customers to make such a statement in detail of all its operations, and especially of
lis expenditures, in order to demonstrate its business-policy and justify the board in the
establishment of water rates as the board may deem just, that are warranted by the condi
tions and requirements of their water supply. Your committee feel that unjust criticism of
the action of the board should be avoided. in the matter of fixing rates, as until informa
tion Is obtained more definite than presented nothing can be done to accomplish the ob
jects of the inquiry.
There can be no question as to the justice of the position taken by the water com
mittee in this statement. It is the duty of the water company to furnish the Super
visors with all the information necessary to enable the board to appraise the rates
justly, and if the company fails to do so the stockholders will have none but the
directors to blame if the Supervisors, being compelled to act in the dark, should give
the public the benefit of every doubt which may be raised by reason of any failure on
the part of the company to give the information which under the law they are
required to do. «
The-people will heartily approve that section of the report which declares "that
unjust criticism of the action of the board should be avoided in the matter of fixing
rates, as until information is obtained more definite than presented, nothing can be
done to accomplish the object of the inquiry." The great majority of the people of
San francisco are honest, and desire to see no injustice done either to the Supervisors
or to the water company. They desire only what is right and fair, and will uphold
both the company and the board against any attempt of blackmailers to extort sub
sidies by means of slander or any other methods known to that class of boodlers.
A ful.', fair, thorough, comprehensive investigation of the whole subject is the first
step to be taken. It is the duty of the Supervisors to demand explicit information
concerning the business of the water company, and it is the duty of the officers of
the company to give that information without evasion or concealment When the
facts of the business have been made known it will then be possible for the Supervis
ors to act with discernment in fixing the rat*s, and it will also be possible for the
people to judge accurately whether the rates so fixed are equitable or not.
The desire of the people of San Francisco to obtain cheaper water and gas than
j they have had in the past is both natural and praiseworthy. It is nothing more than
honest economy on the part of individuals and on the part of the municipality to
obtain the best and most abundant water supply possible for a given expenditure.
There is a w despread belief that the water supply of the City might be furnished
much more cheaply both to the City and to private parties, and there is a general
desire to obtain the cheaper rates if they can be given without any injustice being
done to those who have invested their capital and employed their energies in the
work of furnishing the City its water supply.
There is a suspicion that one of the reasons why the water company has
been unable to supply water more cheaply in the past is because 'it has paid out to
i dishonest men large subsidies extorted from it by a species of blackmail. If such
j subsidies have been paid they should be suppressed in the future. There is no reason
I why the water company should not take the people of San Francisco into its con
, fidence. If it exposes the boodlers who have been preying upon it as the Examiner
was exposed by the Southern Pacific Company, it will be safe from all attacKs by
i such blackmailers in the future, and will be able to save money for itself and for
the public. It is certainly time that the evil of extorting subsidies from rich corpora
tions was crushed out in San Francisco, and this is the best time to take resolute steps
in that direction.
WORDS OF CHEER.
The general review of business condi
tions given by President Watkins at the |
annual meeting of the Board of Trade on !
Monday is full of encouragement for those
who look forward to the coming of better
times be.'ore the present year closet. His
address confirms the general expectation
ot the public and is in hnrmony with
statements from men representing com
mercial bodies in other portions of the
country. It was, thereiore, an address of
good cheer which will have an influence
in bringing about the prosperity it pre- ',
diets.
President Watkins quoted with approval
the recent statement of Andrew Carnegie:
"Unless some surprise is sprung upon the ,
country nothing can hold it back from a j
period of genuine prosperity." Tnis state- :
ment expresses briefly the prevailing Benti- ,
ment in business and industrial circles. i
The sentiment moreover is well founded. ;
As President Watkins himself said: "Or
every band are evidences of improving j
times. The conditions are all favorable
for a prosperous year. There is no infla- j
tion in anything. Prices are all low and
business as a whoie is upon a sound foun
dation."
These words of encouragement must not '
be misunderstood,, nor their import exag
gerated. It is not expected by anybody
well versed in commerce or industry thai 1
we are to have a suaden revival of pros- j
perity blossoming throughout the country \
with the rapidity of the flowers of spring.
After the long depression through which '•■
we have gone it will require some time be- i
fore the confidence of investors and pur- j
chasers is restored and the stream of busi
ness flows again with its old-time freedom
and force. Moreover, we need a change
in the tariff of the country before our in
dustries will have the protection essential
to their welfare, and it is hardly safe to ex
pect any great improvement in industries
until alter the new tariff bill has been
enacted and protection is once more ac
corded to tbe industries and enterprises of
the people.
According to the latest reports from
Washington, men who are in a position tc
know assert that we shall probably have
protection by July 1. The Republican
members of the Ways and Means Com
mittee are rapidly putting the finishing
touches on the new tariff bill, and will
have it ready to report as soon as an extra
session of Congress can be assembled. The
extra session will not be called for pur
poses of idle debate or the discussion of
theories, but for business. Ample time
will be given for legitimate consideration
of all the schedules of the new measure,
but nothing will be allowed to obstructive
tactics. Tnis being so, the measure will
speedily pass the House and be sent to
the Senate. That body, so long consid
ered doubtful, is now regarded as being
sure to give the bill a prompt passage.
The Senators have beard the voice of the
country demanding a restoration of busi
ness, and are at last willing to yield to it.
Senator Lodge gave a good reason for
insisting that consideration of the arbi
tration treaty should be held in secret
session when he said that if the debate
were public all the long-winded orators of
the Senate would make buncombe
speeches and it would be impossible to
reach a vote before tbe adjournment of
Congress. __________________
The hurricane that overtook the squad
ron of warships on their way to Charles- !
ton gave the seamen an opportunity to j
; show not only their discipline in the face
of danger, but their individual heroism,
and most nobly did they exhibit all the
qualities which the Nation honors in its
heroes and defenders.
=====
The contemptuous way in which the
Senators rejected the ami-scalping bill is
encouraging. It is evident the railroads
haven't half the power in Congress they
are supposed to have. ■_
Cleveland has acted upon tne politics cf
the country like a mad bull and when he
goes out we shall have peace.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL; WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 10, 1897.
WATER RATES.
EEEOIO SEAMEN.
The hurricane through which the j
squadron of Admiral Bunce had to fight
its way from below Hatteras to Charles
ton afforded a test of the sea-going worth
of our warship*, the skill of our naval
officers and the discipline of our seamen.
All of them bore the test well and tri
umphantly. Every ship in the squadron
reached Charleston in safety and so far
as they are concerned there will be no
longer any doubt in the public mind of
their ability to meet and overcome the
battle and tbe gale.
Great, however, as is the popular grati
fication in the proof thus given of the
strength and seaworthiness of our war
snips and the skill displayed by their
officers, it was not the shipbuilders n. r
the naval commanders who won the high
est honors in the contest with the siorm.
Those who distinguished themselves most
and highest were the brave seamen whose
heroic actions in attempting to rescue
tbeir comrades from the fury of winds
and waves attests once more that there is
no height of human couiago to which the
American sailor does not attain in the
hour of danger and trial.
Even in the bare record of the deeds
as told in the telegraphic dispatches of
yesterday there was enough to stir the
blood of landsmen. On board the Maine,
Prentice Kozel was struck by a terrible
wave and swept out to 8 a. As lie was be
ing carried away two of nis messmates,
John Brown and Alexander Nelson,
sprang forward to save him and they also
were caught in the rush of waters and
borne overboard. Then William J. Creel
man standing on the poop deck saw the
body of Kozel floating by and dived from
the stern to give him help.
In the meantime another man, Charles
Hassel], had been washed from the deck
by the sea and was struggling in the
waves. Life-buoys were thrown over and
Hassell got one of them. Being thus par
tially secure be at once set out to help
Creelman and succeeded in doing so. A
lileboat sent out under command of Naval
Cadet Walter R. Gherardi, son of Rear-
Admiral Gherardi, to pick up the strug
glers, was overturned and seven more of
the gallant crew were in the midst of the
black waters. By the use of life lines
these men were saved, as were Hassell
and Creelman, but the others were 10-t
by a death as heroic as any that man ever
died.
On board the other ships of the squad
ron dangers as great were faced and deeds
almost as heroic were performed. At
every moment on every ship the seamen
confronted the storm with a discipline
and a valor superior to its power and its
terrors. Not once during the whole long
conflict did these gallant bluejackets show
any of that spirit which makes man ap
pear as a pygmy in contest with over
powering elements. On the contrary they
asserted and demonstrated the superiority
of the human soul over all the forces of
wind and wave raging at their fiercest in
the darkness -of night, and once more
gave the Republic reason to be proud of
the men who wear her uniforms and de
fend her banner on the stormy seas.
HILL ON DEMOCRACY
In the February number of the Forum
there is a paper from David B. Hill called
"Tbe Future of the Democratic Organiza
tion," which would have been more ap-
propriately placed under the caption "The
Past of the Democratic Organization." It
deals throughout almost its entire length
with fatal mistakes of that party in the
last campaign, and there is a conspicuous
lack of any statement of a well-defined
policy for Democracy to fight for in the
future. \
Senator Hill's recapitulation of the
recent mad blunders of his party may be
paid to be a masterly statement of the
case, but tbat is an old story. The ques
tion now is what is Democracy going to
do, and to answer merely that past errors
are to be avoided is scarcely adequate. If
the party is to keep itself before the public
eye as a live thing some issues should te
made clear cut enough to challenge atten
tive study and justify the costly appeal to
the decision of the wisdom of the majority
of the Nation.
The intense conservatism of Hill's
article is somewhat as if a general were
planning a war in wh'ch he expected to
stay entirely within his fortress walls and
no field movements needed to be con
templated. This would be more reason
able if the Democrats were in power, but,
being out, an aggressive campaign in the
open field would seem a necessity, unless
they intend to be content to stay out.
The nearest thing to an energetic move
proposed by Hill is for "a more vigorous
advocacy of the growing issue of personal
liberty." This sounds well enough, but in
order to make it constitute an issue he
will have to show that the party in power
is opposed to any lecitimate amount of
personal liberty. He also says tho Demo
crats must strenuously oppose agrarian
ism and other forms of socialism, but
here again he raises no clear-cut issue
with the Republican hosts, with whom
his main contention must be.
On financial matters he is practically at
one with the Republicans- He suggests a
revival of the perennial dispute over the
tariff, but he admits that the country was
dissatisfied with the Wilson tariff because
it did not yield adequate revenue, and
therefore as the Republican leaders have
not proposed protection beyond the point
necessary to American industry and Na
tional revenue Hill may be said to base
his proposed issue upon the improbable
'supposition that the American people
will be again willing to trust tariff legis
lation to the party of debt and deficit.
Taken altogether the Senator has made
but a weak and futile plea for his party
or his leadership. If this paper is the
best that conservative Democracy can do
Bryan need have no fear of any rival to
contest his supremacy.
PiiRSuNAL
L. M. Turner of Seattle is a late arrival here.
A. B. Johnson of Arizona is at the New West
ern.
M. R. Doyle of Red Bluff is a late arrival
here.
Theodore Stover of Topeka, Kans., is at the
Russ.
S. C. Freela, a business man of Hollister, is
in town.
John Grail, a business man of Juneau, ls In
the City.
William Winters of Butte, Mont., is at the
Baldwin.
William Virgins, a business man of Tacoma,
is in town.
J. McMillen, a business man of Carson, Nev.,
is in town. J- a, vi ?
W. W. Middlecoff, an attorney of Salinas, is
at the Grand.
M. Grunwaldt, a business man of Cologne, is
at the Palace. AJ-
J. Newton, a capitalist of London, arrived
here last night.
Dr. J. C. Bryan of the United States Navy, is
at the Occidental.
Thomas Fitzgerald, a resident of Los An
geles, is in the City.
J. Rattan, a cattleman of Miles City, Mont.,
it a iato arrival here.
James F. Peck, an attorney of Merced, ar
rived here yesterday.
J. J. Trabucco, & mine-owner of Mariposa
County, is at the Lick.
Ex-Sheriff W. P. Harkey, the pioneer, of Yuba
City, ls on a visit here.
E. C. Terry, the prominent vine-grower of
Clayton, is in the City.
R. P. Bentley, a fruit grower and packer of
Sacrameuto, Is in town.
G. Makegawa of Tokio, Japan, arrived last
night and is at the Palace. :' ' V '
A. Bettcns, manager of the Byron Hot
Springs, is at the Baldwin. ' • ,;-
E. D. Snider of Chicago is among recent ar
rivals at tne Cosmopolitan.
Mrs. Ethelbert Ta>bot and Miss Talbot, of
Wyoming, are at the Palace.
L. G. Moulton, the great grain grower of
Coiusa, reached here last night.
C. E. Sherman, a prominent citizen of Santa
Barbara, Ib here tor a brief stay.
Harry Postlethwaite, who owns extensive
ranches near San Jese, is in the City.
H. B. Hobson, a mining and trading man of
Quesncfle. B. C, Is at the Commercial.
Dr. J. H. Montgomery of Portland ' arrived
here yesterday and is at the Occidental.
J. F. McEnerney, a business man of Buffalo,
N. V., ls registered at the Cosmopolitan.
George A.Smith of Courtland, the ranch
manager and business man, it at the Grand.
Professor A. L. Colton of the Lick Observa
tory, Mount Hamilton, is here for a short visit.
Miss Emma L. Lamb of Economy, Ind., a
missionary on her way to tbe Orient, is at the
Occidental.
B. H. Upnam, a business man and vineyard
ist of Martinez, arrived here last night. He is
at the Lick.
A. P. Halfuin, one of the owners of the Cali
fornia Fish-packing Company, Los Angeles, is
a visitor here.
R. T. Root, a mine-owner, whose headquar
ters are at Denver, Is here on a business trip
and is at the Palace.
A. J. Lachman and family, who are prepar
ing for a trip to Europe of some considerable
length, are at the Lick.
Oscar Tolle, who has been ill for several
days, is again able to perform his duties as
clerk of Judge Cook's court.
T. B. Blessing of Prairie City, lowa, who
bas been on a visit to Southern California and
who is accompanied by his wife, is at the Russ.
Lieutenant John H. Whalley of the navy, for
along time past connected with the Atlantic
station but now transferred here, is at the Oc
cidental. •-'.
H. It. Hall of Hall Bros., ship-builders of
Port Blakeley, Wash, is in the City. He ia an
old shipbuilder, and from his yards on Puget
Sound have been turned out a large number
of vessels during the past few years.
George F. Parker, the owner of an extensive
ranch in Colusa County, and who is one of the
large growers of grain and fruit there, is here
on a business trip and is at the Russ. He is
said to have fully $200,000 invested in ranches
and otber property.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK
NEW YORK. N. V., Feb. 9.— the St.
Cloud— A. G. Read. Imperial— W. G. Clark,
W. Barns. Astor— B. Meiler. Broadway— J. B.
Morgahan. Gilsey— E. Richard, F. H. Kerryan,
R. M. Welch. George Rupp left the St. Cloud
to sail on the Alter for Bremen.
A CONGSESSMANS BIG WORD.
Washington Tost.
Mr. De Armond's recent speech in the House
of Representatives, in which he paid his re
spects to Secretary Morton, was a remarkable
effort in many ways. One of these exhibited
the author in his capacity as word builder,
with the result thut he has added to our vocab
ulary a word longer than any other which
meets common acceptance. The longest words
to be found in Worcester, Webster, or the
Century dictionaries are believed to be
"palatopharlngeolaryngeal" and "trans
subs tantiatlonalists," mere fragments of
twenty-four and twenty-five letters. Mr. De
Armond's fancy and constructive ability were
satisfied, however, with nothing less than
"trlangularificationableness," , a veritable
Titan of words comprising twenty-seVen let
ters, and complete in every regard. Of course,
there are to be found purely technical terms
such as "methylbenzometboxyethyltetraly
dropyridlnecarboxylate," but they don't count
in a purely literary contest.
A SIGN OF HIS TALENT..
Chicago Times-Herald.
"He's no musician."
"No?" •
"No. He doesn't know a bar from an at>
poglatura."
'Doesn't he, indeed? Well, you bet he
never chases around to find an appogiatura
when be wants a drink."
From the "Examiner," Saturday Morning, MarcH Sl, 189«.
BIERCE TO HUNTINGTON.
The Writer Offers to Retire and Take the Hand of the
Magnate if He Tells the Truth.
Washington, March 20.
The Washington Star to-night printed the following statement:
AMBROSE BIERCE TO C. P. HUNTINGTON.
To the Editor of the Evening Star: On Friday of last week immediately after the
House Committee on Pacific Railroads had concluded its session C.P.Huntington
was asked by Representative Johnson of California to confirm the statement made to
him (Mr. Johnson) viz. ; tbat on becoming president of tbo Southern Pacific Company
he had cut off the company's annual payment of $12,000 to the Examiner. In the pres
ence and hearing of three members of the committee Huntington said that it was true.
The statement appears to have teen made in explanation of the Examiner's hostility to
him and his scheme for funding the debts of tue Pacific railroads.
I have reason to think that Huntington will be given an opportunity to prove in
court his accusation that the Examiner was once on the payroll of his company. In
the meantime if he wiil prove it to the satisfaction of three gentlemen, one to be
named by him. one by me and one by the two others, I hereby pledge myself to retire
permanently from the service of the Examiner. As he has frequently si nified his
earnest disapproval of my work on that paper he should think my retirement desir
able and advantageous. \" V
I promise, moreover, that if he makes his accusation good I will take him by the
hand, which recently I have twice refused when he offered it, once in the presence of
three members of the press in the corridor of the Capitol, and again in the room of
the Senate Committee on Pacific Railroads in the presence of the committee and
many gentlemen attending one of its meetings. As to this latter promise I exact but
one condition. Mr. Huntington is not to object to my gloves. I am, Mr. Editor, very
respectfully yours, Ambrose Bierce.
Hotel March 20, 1896.
[The "Examiner" confessed It was upon the payroll of the Southern Pacific
Company for twenty-two month*, receiving SIOOO a month. Notwithstanding
this confession Ambrose Bierce continues on the payroll of the "Examiner."
Has he also taken the hand of Huntington?
NEWSPAPER PLEASANTRY.
Bostwick— Miss Flipjacks is a very capable
society journalist, l believe?
Head ershot— Yes, indeed. She can get the
word "function" half a dozen times into a
short paragraph.— Puck. ■: \<
Amy— he is very persistent He says he
would go to the ends of the earth for me.
Alice— Why not scud him ? It would take
him some time to get back.— Judge.
"I've discovered why the Greeks were such a
happy people."
"Why was it?"
"They didn't have their clothes made to
fit."— Chicago Record.
'•Well, what do you want, my good man?"
asked the Governor.
"Dey's makin' so much fuss 'bout de fishln'
in de State, Gov'nah, dat I wants fo' to see ef
we can't hab some law fo' de bettah protection
ob de 'possum."— Detroit Free Press.
Scribbler— Does your wife laugh at your
jokes in th- paper? JJ..
Punster— Ye*, but oniy on payday.—Com
mercial Advertiser.
Mrs. Warmhtart — Mv good man, why do you
let your children go barefoot?
Pat O'Hool lhan— For de raison, ma'am, dat I
have in my family more feet than shoes.—
Harper's Round Table.
"What a small mind Mrs. Veniynne has!"
"Naturely. She has given her husband so
many pieces of it."— London Tit-Bits.
.HE WEATHER IN THE EAST.
Zip! Snap! Bing!
Doesn't old Jack Frost sting?
And color the noses
'1 he red hue of ro*es,
And various flowers of spring!
Bing! Snap! Zip!
Get on to the mercury skip!
It Is down out ot sight.
Like a thief tn the night.
Who's giving a copper the slip
Zip! Bing! Snap!
Ice frappe pinches on tap!
'1 ia as frigid ln town
Asa £oston girl's >wn—
And thai down 10 zero— kerslap I
—New York Kvening Sun.
ANSWERS TO Ot\RE PONDENTS
The Shortest Day— M., City. The shortest
day of the year does not always fall on a fixed
dale. It may bo the 20th, 21st or 22d of De
cember. : ; :. -v..-. -...., :.
Revenue Stamps —B. C. ;c, City. The de
scription given of the revenue stamps you
havo ls not sufficiently clear to enable one to
determine If they have any special value.
Correspondents who ask for this class of in
formation should give the denomination of
the stamp, Its color, shape, if the edges are
perforated or cut, the figure on the face of it
and the printing there may be on the face.
POPULATION— S., Gasquet, Del Norte County,
Cal. According to the es timates of population
in the cities named the figures given were fur
nished by the respective Mayors at the close of
the year 1890: Chicago. 1.750,000: New York
City. 1,957,284 (based ou reports from the
Healtn Department); Brooklyn, 1,400,000.
The figures of Brooklyn include Fiatbush,
Flatlands. New Utrecht and Gravesend. Tbe
area ot Chlctgo is 189 square miles, New
York City 01 2-3 square miles.
Extradition— A. O. S., City. The treaty be
tween the United States and Great Britain
which was ratified August 9, 1842, provides
for the extradition of individuals who are ac
cused ot murder, attempt to commit murder,
piracy, arson, roDbery, forgery and the utter
ance of forged paper. If 11 should tnrn out on
the examination that Butler or Ashe is an
American he will be turned over by the United
States to the English officers, if it appears
that the crime of murder was committed and
that there is reasonable cause to believe that
the accused is the party who committed the
crime.
Tut Mint and Civil Service— R. C. J. A.,
Camp Whitlocks, Mariposa County, Cal. Now,
positions in the United States Mint are subject
to competitive examination. On application
to the Civil Service Commissioners in this
City personally or by letter, blanks can be had
that will give all the information as to the sub
jects embraced in an examtnatten for the Mint
or any department inquired about. The com
missioners Will also give information as 10
time when examinations are set and all that
an applicant may desire to know. Honorably
discharged United States soldiers or sailors
have an advantage in examination. In this
that not so high a percentage is required.
Marriage— Marine Engineer, City. The law
of this State says that a marriage may be sol
emnized by "either a Justice of the Supreme
Court, Judge of the Superior Court, Justice of
the Peace, priest or minister of the gospel of
eny denomination." The law further declares
that the one who solemnizes a marriage must
record the same within thirty days after the
marriage at the office of the County Recorder.
In regard to a marriage that has not been re
corded the law says:
If no record ot the solemnization of a marriage
heretofore contracted be known to ex'st the par
ties may Join ln a written declaration of such mar
riage substantially allowing trie names ages and
residence or the parties, the fact of marriage and
that no record Is known to exist. Such declara
tion must be subscribed by the parties aud a. tested
by at lroat three nesses.
Marriage must be licensed, solemnized, authen
ticated and recorded; but non-compilance with
the provisions of this article by other than the
parlies to a marriage does not Invalidate that mar
riage.
This is the law and you may apply It to the
conditions of the case alluded to in your
communication. -
Monterey, Mexico— D. & L., City. The city
of Monterey, in the northern part of Mexico,
is the capital of the State of Neuvo Leon. It is
situated on the Santa Catallna River, a tribu
tary of the Rio Grande, 175 miles west of the
city of Matamorus, 75 miles east by north of
Haltillo and 700 miles from the City of Mexico
It is beautifully situated at the bead of a large
valley at an altitude of 1626 feet above tne
sea. Railroads run into the city. It ls quite a
mercantile community. In tne immediate
vicinity there are -lead mines, mills for the
reduction of ore, a woolen factory for the man
ufacture of woolens and underwear, a large
brewery, and tne vicinity of the city is noted
for its products of oleaginous seeds. It has a
cathedral, colleges and seminaries. Catholic
churches, a Presbyterian church, well-paved
streets and many houses of stone in the Moor
ish style ot architecture. The population Is
about 37,000 and the climate is said to be
healthy. It was first settled by the Spaniards
in 1569 and was declared a metropolitan city
in 1590. It Is the entrepot for the transporta
tion of American goods from the Rio Grande
to the inland States of Darango and Zacatecas.
A number of Americans have established
themselves in business in the city. . .
PARAGRAPHS AEOUT PEOPLE.
A boy born to Mr. and Mrs, Prescott during
the ringing of the curfew at Topeka, Kan., the
other eveuing, has been named Charles Curfew
Prescott
Governor-elect Robert L. Taylor of Tennes
see is going to take the lecture platform agaiu
and give his musically interspersed lecture,
"The Fool's Paradise." *
Rnskin ha* spent in good deeds & fortune of
more than $750,000, and his present income
depends almost wholly on the royalties of a
recent popular edition of his works.
More than thirty members of the Chicago
bar are negroes. The first negro to be ad
mitted to the bar In the State of Illinois was
Lloyd G. Wheeler, who was admitted in 1869.
Kaiser Wilbelm is extending his idea of
artistic collaboration. He is now said to be at
work on a historical drama, which a young
poet cf Wiesbaden will put into German verse
for him.
There are ten newspaper editors in the
House of Commons, six printers, lour tailors,
three stationers, two butchers, three hotel
keepers, six tenant farmers, one coal mer
chant and one cab proprietor.
Senator John Sherman once said of the news
paper reporter: "He is the greatest enigma
of the nineteenth century. lam interested in
him always, respect him generally, and fear
him sometimes. But I never cease to wonder
at his resourcefulness In searching for news."
FBATEKNITY'S BONDS.
The Next Social by Preclta Parlor— ln-
at illation of Native Daughters.
Precita Parlor No. 87, Native Sons of the
Golden West, will give a social in Mission Par
lor Hall on the evening of the 25th fnst. This
parlor is noted for its social tune lions, and this
event will no doubt be the equal of any previ
ously given. .;. . i..v;_/ ;-..
Yosemite Parlor No. 24, Native Sons of the
Golden West, and Veritas Parlor, Native
Daughters of the Golden West, were jointly
installed in Pythian Castle, Merced, recently.
The newly elected officers of tbe Daughters
were first installed by Miss Ryan, district
deputy, assisted by Mrs. G. W. Powell, acting
as grand marshal. The new officers are: Mrs.
Stone, past president; Miss Ma^iie A. Rvan,
president; Miss Carrie At wood, Miss Gertru te
Goidman and Mrs. Meehan, vice-presidents;
Miss I'r-ulla Ryan, recording secretary; Miss
Vlntile Phi!. lps, financial secretary; Mrs. A.
Zisker. marshal; Miss Stella Jacobs, Miss Mary
Lagomarsiuo and Mrs. Wftrfleld, trustees; Miss
Josie Lngomnrsino. inside sentinel, and Miss
Mary Garibaldi, onts:d<. sentinel.
The Sons' efficers were installed by A. T.
Hyde, who was assisted by John Tatham as
grand marshal. The officers are: W.U. Cook,
past president: D. G. Bambauer, president;
11. H. Hoar, J. J. Griffin and P. 11. Griffin, vice
presidents; George L. Crocker, recording sec
retary; F. Frankenberg. marshal; T. F. Car
rigan, Joseph Goldman and Roy Vanden
Huevel, trustees; Will Griffin, Inside sentinel,
and George outside sentinel.
The ceremonies were conducted in the pres
ence of a large number of the friends of both
parlors, and after the installations there were
short addresses and dancing and & banquet.
Companions of the Forest.
Loyal Circle No. 179, Companions of the
Forest, branch of the A. O. F. Friendly Society,
held an opea meeting last Monday evening in
their hall in Foresters' buildiug. There were
present a large number ot tne friends ofthe
members and all present enjoyed the pro
gramme that was presented. There was a
piano recital by Mrs. Hocking, tambourine
danco by Miss May Flower Blakiston, club
swinging. Miss Beta Maylott; recitation, Miss
Clara Hunter: flag dance. Miss Tryphina
Prltchardand Miss Mabel Pflefer; violin solo,
Miss Pheba Gibson, Miss Sbur, accompanist*
skirt dance. Miss Dottle Baxter; vocal duet
by the Mon brothers and a dialogue by Miss
Tryphina Pritchard and Miss Maool Pflefer
After the programme the hall was cleared of
chairs and there was dancing until midnight
10-nUht a new circle, to be known as Lib
erty Circle, will be instituted by the grand
officers, assisted by the staff ot Loyal Circle in
the Maccabee Temple on Mission sireet
Court Star oi the "West.
Court Star of the West. Ancient Order of
Foresters, has appointed the following-named
as a committee to arrange lor a musical and
literary entertainment and ball, to bo civeu
on Saturday, the 20th, in B. B. Hall, in cele
bration of the fourteeuth anniversary of the
institution of the court: George Nisbet, chair
man; F.J. Maguire, E. Strohmeier, P a «ay
age, Dr. E. J. Evans, J. Tredmlnnick and H.
Crow.
The Odd * allows.
• Unity Encampment had a well attended
meeting last night to watch the work in the
patriarchal degree.
To-morrow night Wildey Encampment will
meet for the purpose of working in the patri
archal degree. '
The committee from Loyal Rebekah Lodge
has completed Its arrangements for the enter
tainment to be given on the evening ot th*
{*& iust One of th r\ features of the evening
will be "The Bogus Devil" in shadow panto!
mime. "
T„ N . c « lS , arday « 7en ln * California Rebekah
Lodge will a-semble in Welcome Hall. Odd
fniui i^ U .K di^ g !. aud eive tt » old clothes
frl«ni. ««!l I-* °. dge has > * I"** circle of
t&S&uft , usln, * nces ; it is expected that
there will be a large attendance.
Sunset Council, Chosen Friends. :Si
The members of Sunset Council will not
allow the anniversary of the birth of the Father
of his Country to pass without taking notice
of it. On the evening of. the 22d they will
f„n/, art S.J Waahil, Ston party ln the Alcnzar
building. commutes of arrangement*
has had the matter in hand for some time, and
it expects to make this one of the social events
of the council. — •■
OLD SCORES WI ALBION.
York Dally.
Without the assistance of France we should
not have achieved our independence, and but
for the threatened intervention of Russia in
1861 England would bave recognized the in
depence of the Southern Confederacy and
aided her with her army and navy In disrupt
ing the Union. "
As it was, Great Britain, in furnishing and
harboring the Confederate privateers, suc
ceeded in driving our very extensive' com
merce from the seas, a loss from which we
have never , cve l approximately recovered.
She ruthlessly destroyed our seal herds in
B £ rl I i £ ' and robbed us whenever she wav
afforded an opportunity. We have many
scores to settle with her before we get even
and it is only after equality has been attained
that we should consent to a treaty of arbi
tration. Retributive justice first, last and ill
"OUR STATE MUST
BE VINDICATED"
Victoria's Message Pains
the State Board of
Trade.
The Legislature to Ec Asked to
Puncture \ Colonization
Schemes.
Committee Appointed to Wait on the
Governor— Filcher
Indignant.
The California State Board of Trade is
on its mettle, and Queen Victoria of the
British Isles is the disturbing factor that
entered into its deliberations and caused
the whole trouble.
Not that the Queen was regarded in an
unworthy light, but some of her words
put the great Golden State in an unenvi
able position and strictly on the defen
sive. Gentlemen with colonizing schemes
to fleece tho unwary aro the direct causes
of the whole affair.
The board met in regular session yester
day afternoon. President J. A. Filcher
was there with a mind sadly troubled.
The words of England's potentate bore
heavily on him, and he intended to relieve
the mental tension before tbat meeting
adjourned.
The first question of importance to come
up was the consideration of a California
exhibit at the Hamburg Exposition. It
was decided that the board do all in its
power to secure for this State a creditable
exhibit.
Then President Filcher rose to the occa
sion and made a speech. He was indig
nant and his words showed it.
"Gentlemen," he said, "you will re
member that some time ago an English
writer wrote a letter home warning" bis
countrymen against the wildcat land
grabbing and colonization schemes by
which so many foreigners were duped in
this State.
"Well, the matter was regarded so seri
ously in England that the Queen took it
up and referred to it in her last message
to Parliament. This is something unpre
cedented in International affairs. It can
not fail to injure the reputation of our
State and prevent the investment of capi
tal with us. -.•;*:
"We might as well handle the thing
without gloves. It is a burning disgrace
that such a condition of affairs exists.
"Take the Holland colonization scheme
near Merced for example. After those
men came here they had to blast the
ground in order to plant anything.
"The colonists were ruined. Their capi
tal went for naught, while twenty miles
from them was the fairest agricultural
country on earth.
"Some even committed suicide In their
despair, and on that patch of desolate ter
ritory stand beautiful houses going to
rack and ruin which will be sold for kind
ling wood— melancholy monuments to the
perfidy of the unworthy schemers who
sold alkali land to a class of desirable
immigrants at high rate?.
"We must do something to clear the
Stale of the taint attached to her garments.
Millions of dollars in advertising would
not induce anymore Hollanders to come
here and invest their capital. If things
are permitted lo run on none but the less
desirable class of immigrants will come
here at all."
The matter was discussed with spirit by
all the directors and ended in a committee
of five being appointed to wait upon the
Governor. The committee is compose;! of
W. H. Mills, J. S. Emery, J. A. Icher,
Colonel Craigie Sharpe and Mrs. E.
Shields. The committee will endeavor to
persuade the Governor to make the matter
the subject of a special message to the
Legislature, to lead to the appointment of
an inspector to pass on ail colonizing
schemes in California before any capital
can be invested.
Flax Seed Squares, 25c lb., at Townsend's. •
» ♦ — »
Salt roast pecan & almonds ; fresh. 905 Larkin
— m. m .
The Earl of Kcnmore, owner of the tract of
land upon which the recent bogslide occurred,
is one of the largest land-owners in Ireland,'
possessing over 80,000 acres in Kerry alone.
• — m — » . .
Fpectal information daily to manufacturer*,
business houses and public men by the Preii
Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Montgomery.'
♦ a »
Congressman Hurley has Introduced a bill
to appropriate £50,000 to erect In Washington
a bronze equestrian statue of General Henry
W. Slocum, who commanded the Army of
Georgia, the left wing of Sherman's army on
the march to the sea.
"Mrs. Wlnilow'i Soothing Syrttp"
Has been used ever flfiy years by millions of
mothers for their children whle Teething with per
fect success. It soothesthe child, softens ;hegnms,
allays Pain, cures Wind Colic, regulates. he Bowels
and Is the best remedy for Diarrhoeas, whether aris
ing lrcm teething or other causes. lor sale by clrti,
glsia ln every part of the wond. B« sure and as*
lar Mrs. VVlnsiow's Soothing Syrup. 25c a bottla.
• — * — •
fo*o»»Al>o. — Atmosphere la perf»ctly dry, soft
snd mild, being entirely free from the mists com
mon further north. Bound-trip tickets, by steam
ship, Including fifteen days' board at the How, d«l
Coronado, 65: longer stay »_• 50 per day. App./
4 Sew Montgomery at., Kan Francisca
• — ♦ — ■»
To neglect the hair is to lose youth and comeli- ,
ness. Save it with Parker's Hair Balsam.
Hijjdkrcorxs, the best cure for corns, 15 cts.
• — ♦ — *
Every house where there are young children
should be supplied with Ayer's Cherry Pectoral.
In croup It gives Immediate relief. /-
• — «■ — *- ' .' fr : ;
Layman— Realism, eh? Now, you don't
mean to tell me the sun really sets like thatT
Artist— Ha. ha My dear fellow, you don't
grasp the significance of the new art at all.
That, sir, is the way the sun ought to set.—De
troit Journal.
B-evr to-dat:
There are thousands of
sickly school-girls all over
this broad land that are
dragging their way through
school-life who might enjoy
that abundant life which be-
longs to youth by simple at-
tention to hygienic laws and
a proper course of treatment
with Scott's Emulsion. This
would make the blood rich,
the heart-beat strong; check i
that tendency to exhaustion ▼
and quicken the appetite by
strengthening the digestion.
Our book tells more about '
it Sent free.
> ,»COTT& BOWNE, Chemists. NewWEDNESDAY .... FEBRUARY 10. 1h97
AMUSEMENTS.
Baldwin Theater -"Spar.acus."
tALTFoPNi* 1 xi eater. —Mile. Antoinette Tre-
belli, Saturday afternoon.
Columbia Theater - 'Chimmie Fadden.
Morosco a opera-House. - a Mile a Minute."
A t/-azar Theater 'l tie Professor.""
Tivoli Opera House,— -Aladdin; or, The
• V onderful Lamp
Orpheum.- High-Class Vaudeville.
Y. M. C. A. Auditorium, corner Mason and Ellis
streets— Margaret Davis.
Sit Baths— Bathing and Performances.
Tim: Chutes and Skating ink— Dally at
Haight street, one blocK east of the Park.
Lax lax i> Rack Track.— Rac«»s to-day.
ALCI lON l AU S.
. Iv E. S. Spear Co.— This dar. February 10,
Furniture, at 31-33 Sntter street, at 11 o'clock.
CITY NEWS IN BRIEF.
Fair Wednesday— McAdie, local
•forecast official.
• James McLean has petitioned to be declared
an Insolvent debtor.
• Mrs. Hannah Gibson has been granted a
divorce from Jesse Gibson for cruelly.
It has been positively ascertained that the
powder found in Butler's hatband is strych
nine.
Thomas M. Quaekeabush reiterates his state
ment that he was never married to Mrs. Nancy
Abbott.
In Judge Wallace's court to-day a jury will
decide the case of Meyer I.iv ngsion, charged
with perjury.
. About 125 families of Rußsian Jews have de
cided to settle In the Salinas Valley and to
form a colony there.
Edward Fisher has been convicted of assault
• with a deadly weapon. Judge Cook will pass
sentence next Saturday.
-Frederick Hellmuth, a merchant of Calla
hans, Calaveras County, died suddenly on
Mission street yesterday.
' ' Dr. Williams' successor at Plymouth Congre
gational Church will most lively be chosen
from the Eastern pastors.
Richard Bolir, charged with robbery, has
beeu acquitted by a jury in Judge Cook's
department of the Superior Court.
Jones and Mascherini. leaders of the local
Cuban League, are 'planning mass-meetings
ana monster petitions to send East.
Judge Hunt has handed down a decision in
the suit of p. T. Dnndon against J. M. McDon
ald, giving judgment for defendant.
Sunset Improvement Club at its meetinT
la-st night passed a resolution in opposition to
the 2J^'-cent carfare rate for this City.
John J. Horrlgan. a lodging-house keeper,
owes $4214 62: assets, ?30. He has filed a pe
tition to be declared an insolvent debtor.
This evening the Boarf*, of Education will
meet to consider the carrying out of an ar
ranged plan which is large and f rep chin g.
The winner* at Oakland track yesterday
were: Roadrunner. Count cf Flanders, Rol
taire, Morte Fonse, Scotch Rose and Rejected.
A wife's good temper is worth $5000 in San
Francisco according to a damage suit filed yes
terday by Peter Henderson against Ferns &
Davidson.
An incendiary attempt to destroy the Boston
Farm Dairy, 217 Seventh street, early Monday
morning is being investigated by the police
and Fire Marshal Towe.
Taylor Rogers will lecture before Liberty
branch of the Socialist Labor party at the
Temple, 115 Turk street, this evening on the
"Economics of the Sermon on the Mount."
Mrs. Maud Owens. 17 Russ street. swore to a
complaint in Judge Low's court yesterday
charging her husband, Ellmer Owens, a
lithographer, with threatening 10 kill her.
Old man Reynolds, father of Thomas Rey
nolds, convicted of burglary in the second de
gree, assaulted a member of the jury and will
le called to account by Judge Carroll Cook.
At a regular meeting of the board of direct
ors of the Merchants' Association, a resolution
was adopted petitioning the Legislature to
make no increase in the salaries of officials. -
The California State Board of Trade will,
- through the Governor, try to induce the Leg
islature to make an investigation of all colo
nization schemes in California in the future.
Chicken-thieves have been plying their pe
culiar vocation in the Potrero. and they have
about worked out the field. E;gs are scarce
out there and lowls are a comparative rarity.
The funeral of the late Captain L. C. yon
Bnncken will take place to-day from his late
residence, 7.10 Post sjreet. It will be con
ducted by Camp Johnson, Confederate Vet
erans.
Cbarles B. Harkins, an ex-Deputy County
Clerk, was arrested yesterday and charged
with having swindled T. E. Blomross, a shlp
carpenter, out of $20 in the City Hall Monday
morning.
Two sessions of the Farmers' Institute, un
der the auspices of the University of Califor
nia, will be held in this City, the first to-day
and to-morrow, and the second the 24th and
25th inst.
Businessmen of Sacramento are actively in
teresting themselves ma scheme to establish
an athletic park in that city. An agent was in
town a few days ago closing contracts and en
listing capital.
The libel suit against John Craig at the in
stance of Captain J. F. Anderson of the Pacific
Mail dock was called in Judge Conlin's court
yesterday afternoon, but by consent was con
. tinued till Friday. \
It was announced at last night's meeting of
the Theosophical Society that the crusaders
. who set out from New York some months ago
to circle the globe will arrive here toward the
middle of next month.
The San Francisco and San Joaquin Valley
Railroad directors have let a contract lor
thirty miles of grading from Fresno to Han
. ford, and work will begin at once, followed
closely by track-laying.
. B. Moiinaro, shoe-dealer at 507 Montgomery
. avenue, was yesterday held to answer before
the Superior Court by Judge Camnbell in
$2000 bonds for secretly disposing of his
goods to defraud his creditors.
Supervisor Rottanzl?of the Finance Commit
tee of the Board of supervisors has held up
the January bill of the telephone company.
It costs the City $40 per diem for every busi
ness day in the year to shout "Hello."
The directors of the Chamber of Commerce
tret yesterday afternoon and discussed several
bills now before the Legislature. The measure
empowering three-fourths of a jury to return
a verdict in criminal cases was Indorsed.
Frank Marty w as before the Grand Jury yes
terday and was given an opportunity to ex
plain about that $1000 offer he made to Super
visor Dodge in hopes of securing the contract
for delivering milt to the City and County
Hospital and Almshouse. He did not explain
it satisfactorily. nSg&
The Hahnemann Hospital College of San
Francisco was yesterday. at a meeting of the
board of regents, offered to the University of
California as an affiliated college for instruc
tion in homeopathy. Tho college ii free 1 om
debt and has been organized many years.
Prcminent wealthy citizens favor its recogni
tion by the State as an important school for
medical Instruction.
NEW TC-DAY.
BEAUTIFUL
SKIN
Soft, White Hands with Shapely Nails, Luxu-
riant Hair with Clean, Wholesome Scalp, pro-
duced by Cuticura Soap, the most effective
akin purifying and beautifying soap in the
world, as well as purest and sweetest, for
toilet.bath, and nursery. The only preventive
of inflammation and clogging of the Porks.
©ticura
Soap la .old throughout the world. Vomit Dauo sn
em. Corp.. Sole Propt., Boiton, U. 8. A. y_
o»-"IIow to Purify and Beautify the Skin, Bealp,
•nd Hair," mailed free.
BABY HUMORS^^-^i n ffi.S_
ETCKTI C The lnstant {t is a lied to aon '
IkhLv lvn £8. weak backs, painful kid-
neys, aching nerves and muscles,
Pfinn rheumatism and sciatica,
UV U U Collins' Vol laic Electric Piaster*
_ ■ , , _ , .„; = _ __ J
Almost the Entire Fishing Fleet Put Out Yesterday. Some of Them Went to Richardsons Bay After Herrings, but the Majority Went Outside
the Heads After Crabs and Deep -Sea Fish.
WILL HAVE FRESH
FISH ON FRIDAY
The Entire Fleet Put Out
Into the Bay Yester
day. -
Have Been Windbound and Un
able to Get Out for a Couple
of Weeks.
An Accumulation of Letters for the
Scboolmarm on the Fara'lon
Islands.
For weeks there has been a dearth of
fish in the market. When the storm has
not raged from the southeast it bas blown
a gale from the northwest, and in conse
quence the fishing-smacks have been un
able to get to sea. Yesterday they went
out in a. body on the ebb tide. Many of
them made for Richardsons Bay, but the
bulk of the fleet went outside. They will
not return before to-morrow night, and if
the fishermen are successful, all and sun
dry will have fresh hah on Friday.
. The fishing-boats that went to Richard
sons Bay are after the herring that are
now beginning to run, and fishermen who
live at Sausalito say there is an abund
ance of the finny tribe in the bay just now.
Nearly all the crab boats also ventured
out, and the shrimp hunters went away
up the bay toward Alviso. Should all
prove successful there should be ail kinds
of fish to pick from next Friday.
The people of Sausalito are always glad
to see the fishing fleet in the bay, but
they are not in love with a band of gypsies
that descended upon the town from Mill
Valley a few days ago. They were or
dered across the bay. but Sergeant "Tom"
Mahoney of the harbor police promptly
ordered them back again. He told them
in plain language that San Francisco had
no place in which they could pitch their
tents and told them they had better go
back whence they came. The little
company went back to Sausalito and
finally obtained permission to camp on
the beach until such time as the next
steamer should sail for Honolulu. Ser
geant Mahoney has a very opinion
of the gang and says they shall not land
in San Francisco except to ship for Hono
lulu if he can help it.
The Harbor Commissioners held a short
session yesterday. Mr. Cole, who was for
several days at the point of death, is now
recovering, and his son says that ne will
probably be out again in a few days and
ahle to attend the next meeting of the
board. The San Francisco Tim Pre
serving Company asked for the use of a
small strip of land on section B of the
seawall. The manager of the company
pointed out that it was a new industry
aud the State should foster it. A fair ren
tal was offered, but the Commissioners
decided to take the matter under advise
ment
The Southern Pacific Company wrote
asking that cleats be nailed on the upper
gangway of tho broad-gauge depot. Com
missioner Chadbourne pointed out that it
had taken the railway people a year and a
half to find out that cleats were necessary,
and said that all that was required was a
few extra lamps. "Let the company light
tne gangway," said he, "and then . there
will be no necessity lor cleats on the gang
way." Tbe matter was referred to Com
missioner Chadbourue, and he will write
the board's answer to the Southern Pacific's
communication.
The bark Wiina ana ship Oriental are
to be matched for a round trip to
Nanaimo, B. C, from San Francisco. The
Oriental made the run un in four days and
twelve hours, and the Wiina reached Flat
tery in four days, but owing to a heavy
storm was a day in getting up the sound
to her destination. Sne left here Decem
ber 31 and was loaded yesterday, so should
she make as quick a run back as she made
going up a new record will be established.
The Oriental has no chance of beating tbe
Wilna's time, as she was delayed nine
days at the mines. Just the same, her
captain expects to beat tbe Wilna's actual
sailing time, and then the two vessels will
have it out on the next voyage.
The troubles of the ship Sea King,
which had to put into Auckland, N. Z-,
in distress while on her way here from
Newcastle, N. S. W., have only ju*t
begun. An understanding between the
insurance agents and the owners cannot
be reached and until something has been
done the vessel will remain in New Zea
land. The chances are that her cargo will
be sold and the vessel docked for repairs.
After that she will go back to Australia
and make another attempt at bringing a
cargo of black diamonds to San Fran
cis' o.
The Pacific Coast Steamship Company
has readjusted its time schedule and in
future the Puget Sound and Alaska boats
will meet at Port Town«end. Next season
the City of Topeka, Mexico and Al-Ki
will run on the Alaskan route, and the
Umatilla, Walla Walla and City of Puebla
will conuect with them. In order to
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 10. 1807.
make the change the Umatilla, which ar
rived last Friday, was held back until to
day, and the City of Pueblo, which arrived
yesterday, will not get away until the
15th inst., and the Walla Walla will go
out five days later. After that the old
time interval between steamers will be in
force and everything will jog along as
usual.
The following has been issued by the
branch hydrographic office:
Notice is hereby given that the Point Wilson
buoy, first-class red nun buoy.No. 6. which was
reported January 22. 1837, as dragged out of
position, has been replaced on its old bearings
(magnetic), as follows; Admiralty Head, NX.
by E. s^E. ; Point Wilson Lighthouse. E. BS.
;^E.; Point Ross, SW. by S. This notice af
lects the list of beacons, buoys and day marks,
Pacific Coast, 1895, page 58.
The first tug that goes out to the Far
allons will bear an unusually heavy mail
for Miss Daisy A. Dowd, the ne*r school
marm on the island. During the last few
days a mail of neatly twenty letters, not
counting papers, has accumulated in the
office of the Si reckels Towboat Company,
and the postman says there arc more to
come. Either Captain John Silovich of
the Vigilant or Captain Harry Marshall
of the Active will take out the letters
some time this week, and whichever one
of tbem has the pleasant job is sure of a
hearty welcome.
The Pacific Mail Company's City of Pe
king was placed on tbe drydock at Hun
ters Point last Sunday. Itwill be remem
bered that the la-t lime she went out on
her way to China she struck on the bar.
A thorough examination showed tbe ves
sel to be as sound as the day sbe was
launched. She was given a thorough over
hauling, however, and will sail on her
usual time next Saturday. '
The Pacific Coast Transfer Company has :
been reorganized. Nearly all the outside
men on the water front have joined the
organization, and the new concern is now
known as the Atlantic Transfer Company.
Every one connected with it is a bard
worker, and they intend making a success
of the venture.
The bark Gatherer is having anew main
mast put in. She is lying at the eas works.
Captain Wirschulert of the schooner
Alcalde bad a hard experience last Mon
day night. He had taken over the vessel
during the afternoon and went aboard
with his effects and $200 in coin. During
the night some one broke into the cabin
and stole everything the captain had ex
cept what he was sleeping in. Yesterday
morning he had to go home in a pair of
pants and a coat borrowed from the mate
a sadder but a wiser man.
REVIVALS FOR CHINESE.
The Mongolian Quarter Is En
joying a Religious Fes
tival.
Ten Heathens Were Converted in
Methodist Mission Chapel Monday
Evening.
Chinatown is at present enjoying its
own season of religious revival. Monday
evening Rev. F.J. Masters and Rev. Chan
Hon Fan, followed by a number of Chinese
converts, marched to the corner of Wash
ington street and Waverly place and
preached the Gospel to the passing pagans.
Rev. Mr. Masters, who for ten years was a
missionary in China, and who speaks the
Chinese language fluently, first addressed
the Mongolians. He explained to them
the religion of Christ, and endeavored to
show them the fallacy of the doctrines
they considered true and sacred.
The minister's remarks were not with
out effect. He had always believed the
Chinese to be a stolid phlegmatic race, but
when the revivalists returned to the Meth
odist mission a goodly number of the
queued listtners followed and entered the
chapel.
Rev. Chan Hon Fan addressed -the con
gregation Inside tbe chapel, concluding
his sermon by asking all those who
wished to accept the religion of Christ to
.step forward. Without hesitation eight
young Chinamen and two Chinese girls
arose from their seats and went to the
front. Here a prayer was offered and
then bits of paper, on wnicb were priuted
a number of Chinese characters, were
banded the converts lor their signatures.
Translated the paper reads:
I desire to flee from the wrath to come. I de
sire also to give up my evil life and obtain
salvation through Jesus . the Christ, and I vol
untarily set my name to this paper to indicate
my firm determination to turn from sin to
righteousness and to study diligently the true
doctrine and to accept Jesus Christ as my
Savior.
The converts read the papers, hurriedly
signed them and then knelt in prayer.
It took courage on their part to do it.
This the ministers knew and so they en
couraged tbem as best they could.
The revival will continue during the
week and undoubtedly many heathens
will accept the true doctrine before it is
over. lilili IlitfliiWl i M fflßl!?fffT M!jlwA jt{
Justices Would Name Their Clerks.
The bill for clerks for the Justices' court
means that the Justices want to name their
own clerk.'. This would take so much
patronage from the Board of Supervisors, but
it is urged that the plan would enable the
Justices to have : their respective dockets
made up regularly; also that the clerk* would
be absent from the main office only while the
Justices were • holding court and would there
alter do work in the main office. One more
than the present number of clerks only it
needed to carry out this plan.
TO CUKEA'COL'U IN OXK DAY.
gake laxative Quinine Tablets. All drug
gists refund the money nit fails to euro. 38c
IT WAS SURELY
STRYCHNINE
Second Analysis of the
Powder in Butler's
Hat.
The Alleged Murderer Could
Have Committed Suicide if
So Inclined.
Another English Sbip Captain R cog
nizes the Prisoner Among a Lot
of His Swanhilda Shipmates-
Butler, the accused murderer of Lee
Weller, was not permitted to receive many
visitors yesterday at the City Prison. His
callers were principally people . with suf
ficient personal influence to eet by the
turnkey, or men brought there to see if
they recognized the prisoner.
There was an exception made in But
ler's list of visitors when a half dozen of
his shipmates from the Swanhilda re
quested to talk to bim.
Tbey greeted him in a warmhearted
manner and declared their honest belief
in his innocence.
One of the sailors produced a handker
chief in good need of washing, which he
said be had found in Butler's bunk.
"I've been offered a pound for this wipe
of yours," he declared, "but I'll not
sell it."
Butler laughed and said tbere were lots
of cranks in this country.
The other sailors showed a tobacco
pouch and a pipe as well as some other
trinkets, each man taking pride in saying
how he had discovered the relics in But
ler's bunk after the detectives had made a
search of it.
The powder found in Butler's hatband
when he was captured on the Swanhilda
has again been analyzed by means of the
sulphuric acid process, a final test. The
result is the same as puDilabed a few days
ago. The powder proved to be strychnine
in sufficient quantity to surely kill five
men.
Butler has been identified again as
Richard Pascoe, a West of England sailor
who arrived in this port on the British
ship Dalbardern Castle in 1890. Captain
Jones of the British ship Flintshire has
recognized the prisoner.
"Butler was a sailor on the Castle,"
said Jones, "and I was the vessel's first
officer. We came to this port from Swan
yea with coal. Pascoe, as we knew him
on board, had been mailing in coasting
vessels, so he said, and came originally
from the west of England. I had an ex
perience "with him that caused me tore
member him well.
"Soon after the ship sailed from Swan
sea the fellow began to m*ke trouble. He
was quiet the first few days out, but soon
showed his ugly spirit. He quarreled
with the sailors and fought.
"Butler became so unruly he had to be
placed in irons."
Butler spent an uneventful day in the
City Prison yesterday. Few visitors were
permitted to see him and a large number
had to go away disappointed.
He was anxious to make as presentable
an appearance as possible in the Federal
court to-day, and at his request the ser
vices of E. P. Roche, the barber, on Lar
kin street, opposite the hall, were called
into requisition. Captain Robinson was
care to handcuff .Butler's bands behind
his back, so that be could not get a chance
to obtain possession of tbe razor, if he felt
that way inclined.
There is a growing feeling that Butler
has no desire to return to Australia to be
hanged for his fiendish crimes and that he
will avail himself of the first opportunity
to end his life. Every possible precaution
is consequently being taken by Captain
Robinson and the City Prison officials to
prevent such a contingency so long as he
remains in their charge. ; A trusted
"trusty" is in the cell with Butler all
night, and during the day he is con
stantly under surveillance. 
Captain Lees, is patiently waiting for
developments in regard to Butler's life in'
Canada, and feels satisfied that he will be
successful before Butler leaves for Aus
tralia. ___-_— _»«__^_
Delinquent Taxes und Jury Fees.
City and County Attorney Creswcll has
rendered to Auditor Broderick the following
opinion: "
"I am of the opinion that the claim of a
juror against the City lor jury fees cannot be
allowed by the Auditor without first deduct
ing therefrom the amount due the treasury
from the juror for delinquency in the pay
meat of his taxes. The tax is a debt due the
treasury within the meaning of section 82 of
the consolidation ac, which provides, among
other things, that 'no demand upon the treas
ury shall be allowed Dy the Auditor in favor
of any person or officer in any manner in
debted thereto without first deducting the
amount of such indebtedness.'
"In the concurring opinion in the case of
the San Francisco Gas Company vs. Brick
wedel (62 Cai., 643). the following language
occurs: 'A taxpayer should not be allowed to
have a claim against a municipal corporation
satisfied when he owes to such corporation the
money which goes to furnish the means of
discharging his claim.'
EMOTIONAL BANKRUPTCY.
James McLean Telia the Story of How
Ills Insolvency Was Caused by
Mrs. Snsin E. Currie.
James McLean is a picturesque bank
rupt. He owes $815 43, according to his
own statement, yet bas assets that in his
estimation ought to yield $48,288. This is
almost equal to the New Orleans man that
General Grant used to tell about who was
reckoned by his neighbors to be worth
$50,000 because he had two bull pups
valued (by him) at $25,000 each.
Mr. McLean has a formula for insect
powder, which he thinks is really worth
$15,000, and he has a contract for the right
to make and sell this commodity m, Aus
tralia, whereby he is to receive $14,278 and
profits on all sent from the Antipodes to
the United States. Nor is this all. Mr.
McLean says he has a right of action
against Mrs. Susan E. Currie for $20,000
damages for slander, and he might just
as well have made it $100,000 or $1,000,000,
for he admits that he knows nothing of
the lady's financial ability to respond in
case of successful litigation.
This fame lady, Mrs. Currie, holds his
note for $400, but he avers that it is tainted
by the fact that it was secured by durass,
namely, threats to prosecute for alleged
wrongdoing. He alleges that his insol
vency grows out of the persecution of Mrs.
Currie, who drove all his customers from
him.
Judge Slack will hear this comic-opera
bankrupt at an early date and decide his
fate according to the law and the facta.
Suits for Divorce.
Divorce suits have been filed as follows:
Lucy A. Reynolds against Charles H. Rey
nolds, for cruelty; Frederick H. Doughty
fgattist Margaret Doughty, for desertion;
Irederlca McL.ndon against Samuel McLin
don f or cruelty.
CITY OFFICERS' SALARIES.
Meddling Resented by the
Merchants' Associa
tion.
i
A Conference to Be Held With
Supervisors on the Subject of
Paving Material.
The regular meeting of the board of di
rectors of the Merchants' Association was
held yesterday. President Dobrmann
and directors A. S. Baldwin, W. G. Doane,
William Doxey, A. Fusenot, D. V. Kelly,
M. S. Kohlberg and F. A. Swain were
present.
The following twenty firms were re
ceived into membership in the associa
tion, making a total of 791 business
houses:
Bancroft- Company, 438 Montgom
ery street; Armani! Cai-l«au, 40 oeary street;
Conkliu Bros.. 333 uoiden Gate avenue: Fon
tana & Co., 134 Market street; James Hagan,
445 Valencia street; 11. Ueckmann &. Co., 400
Davis street; Holt Bros. Company, 30 Main
streot; H. 1). Hume & Co., 318 California
street; Joseph Jacqueiuct & Co., 27 Fourth
street; Legailet-Hellwig Tanning Company,
215 Clay street; Louis Markus. 401 Kearny
sireet; Adolph Meyer, 1510 Devisadero street;
Pattoslen Carpet Company, Sixteenth and
Valencia streets; D. P. Rossi, 1400 Dupont
street ; Thomas Taylor & Co., 307 lay street;
& 11. Tyler & Son, 310 Front street; United
Undertakers' Association, 27 Fifth street;
Waiters Bazaar, Sixteenth and Mission streets;
Washington Life Insurance Company, 216
Safe Deposit building; J. C. Winans, 220 Fre
mont street.
It was decided to have a committee
present to confer with the Committee on
Streets of the Board of Supervisors, which
meets Thursday afternoon. New specifi
cations for street pavements will form an
important topic of discussion at the meet
ing. ■ '.■J\
' Having ascertained by a careful exam
ination of the streets of the City tbat at
least 170 gas lamps are burning in such
close proximity to electric lights as to be
practically useless, the board concluded
to hold a conference with the gas and the
electric light company so as to have the
NEW TO-DAY.
Don't judge tea by its
price. You can pay more
than Schilling Best costs
and get poorer tea.
No; judge it by the way
dealers give money back on
tea as they do on Schilling
Best.
A Schilling & Company
' Saa rnacsto ; 531
cost of these unnecessary lights saved to
those who contribute for electric lights.
A resolution was adopted and ordered
transmitted to the Legislature requesting
the San Francisco delegation and petition
ing all other members to vote against any
bill to increase the salaries of officials or
employes of this City and County, on the
ground that tbe people have unequivocally
declared in the State constitution their
opposition to any tendency on the part of
the Legislature to interfere in the regula
tion of "municipal affairs." The present
system of city government was declared
defective, and the fact mentioned that
strong efforts are now being made to secure
a new charter to obviate all existing evils.
The board stated its intention to render
all the assistance possible to the Sixth
street Improvement Club in its endeavors
to secure a new pavement and a modern
electric railway for that thoroughfare.
The attention of the board having been
called to the fact that there is now in the
hands of the executors of the Donahue
estate $25,000 for the purpose of erecting a
fountain at the junction of Bush, Battery
and Market streets, a committee was ap
pointed to confer with the executors of
NEW TO-DAY.
§Now Is
Yourjime,
SPECIAL SALE
Onr Customers. FOR ONE WEEK.
Trusses ' - - . - - 75c
We Guarantee a Perfect Fit.
Elastic Stockings - - $1.50
Electric Belts - $1.50 to $20.00
The 920 Belt Guaranteed Equal to the Belt '
that is sold by others for f SO. /
Obesity Belts - - - $2.00
Crutches - $1.75
FREE CONSULTATION.
Onr physician will give free con-
saltation and diagnosis daily.
NO-PERCENTAGE PHARMACY
953 ]VCnrls.ot Street,
South Side, bet. Fifth and wlxth. .
_JB> FOR STYLISH CUT AND PER-
Wffr FECT FITTINO CLOTHES YOU
jpy nusT go to
J|g|JoE POHEIM,
mm THE TAILOR.
HaS^n^se^ A * vII assortment of the latest
ftf] i l! fi§ P E oo<l3 always on hai d.
J FOR STYLISH CUT order PER-
FECT FITTINQ CLOTHES YOU
HUST GO TO
JOE POHEIM,
THE TAILOR.
A fall assortment of the latest
goods always on ha: d.
All-Wool Suit* made to order
Uil 4HfI if from i $13.50
Efigg II Clay's Weave Worsted suits
vHii iii ' I made to order from. 17.50
IS' Js Fine Pique 20.00
ill! ft Funis to order 4.50
j'illjlil FiDe Dress Pants 6.00
|j| | I ! Rules for self-measurement and
-^ 1 1 I l IV samples of cloth sent free to any ad-
JijSjJjj Joe Poheim has the larg-
N^ est Tailoring Establishment
ff on the Pacific Coast.'
201 and 203 Montgomery St., "an Francisco.
721. 844 and *46 Market St., San Francisco.
1110 and 1112 Marie st., San Francisco.
485 Fourteenth St., Oak and.' Cal.
603 and 605 X St., Sacramento. Cal.
143 South Spring at., Los Angeles, Cal.
KEW TO-D AT- AMUSEMENTS.
MATINEE TO-DAY (Wednesday).
Parquet, any seat, 25c; Balcony, any seat, xJx.
Children. 10c, any part.
—First Time Bare of—
ARA, ZhLKA AXD VORA.
Equilibrists aDd Pedepalists, and JOHN and
BERTHA GLEASON, -Novelty Dancers,
Tremendous Success of
GUILiIiE.
WARD and CCRRAN, BESSIE CLAYTON, THE
FRANTZ FAMILY and Novelties witbont end.
Concerts ny the Boyal Hunearlan Coutt Or-
chestra immediately after the evening perform-
ance in the Orpheum Annex.
TO-NIGHT! TO-NIGHTI
MARQARET DAVIS.
Y. M. C. A. AUDITORIUM,
At the corner of Mason and Ellis.
DACING! RACING! RACING!
CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB
WINTER MEETING. 1896-97.
Beginning Monday, Feb. 8, to Feb, 20, Inclusive.
OAKLAND RACE TRACK.
Racine Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday,
'Ahursday, .Friday and Saturday.
itainor Shine.
- FIVE OB MORE RACES EACH DAY.
Races - Start at 2:15 P. ; 31. Sharp-
Ferry ' Bc-«ts lrave san Francisco at 12 n. anl
12:30. 1 .00. 1 :M, 2:00, 2:30 and 3 p. M.. connect-
ing witb trains stopping at the entrance to track.
Buy your ferry ticket* to Shell Mound.
. Returning— Trains leave 'the Track at 4:15 aal
4:45 r. m. and Immediately after the last race.
Thomas H. WILLIAMS JK, President.
R. B. MILROY, Secretary.
kew to-dat:
■ I IT'S CURES
i THAT COUNT. |
i" Many so-called remedies are jj
ij£ pressed on the public attention >J»
i) on account of their claimed a
,j> large sales. But sales cannot j|
i[<j determine values. Sales simply f*
ji) argue good salesmen, shrewd «[
ij) puffery, or enormous . advertis- < ( ,
is ing. It's cures that count. It }\>
i) is cure-3 that are counted on by <t *
ij) Ayer's Sarsaparilla. Its sales ',
is might be boasted. It has the sj>
ji) world for its market. But (<[
i? sales prove nothing. We point $
i/) only to the record of Ayer's $>
Ji) Sarsaparilla, as proof of its <<'
i ? merit : (« j
j 50 YEARS I
!| OF CURES. i
that estate with a view to rendering any
assistance in the power of the board to
have this bequest carried cut as soon as
possible. . WA Jj.Jfi
A number of matters were presented to
the board relative to legislative bills affect
ing this City, and they were thought of
enough importance to warrant the calling
of a special meeting.
Bankers Alfred Borel & Co. sent the as
sociation a copy of the Municipal Code of
Paris. The work will prove useful in the
preparation of a new charter for this City.
• — *• — »
Suit Against the Humane Society.
X, J. Cochrane has sued the Society for the
Prevention of Cruelty to Animals to recover
$30 alleged to be due for services between De
cember 30, 1890, and January 18, 1897. Mr.
Cochrane was the mounted patrolman of the
society and he received notice December 30
from Secretary Holbrook that his services
were not longer necessary. There was no
meeting of the society's directors until Janu
ary 18, and Mr. Cochrane claims that he was
not legally dismissed until that time and is
entitled to pay for the intervening time.
I
HEW TO-DAT.
llliiM'll 1 KAISER,
Successors to HIRSCH <fe KAHN,
333 Kearny street,
Optical Goofts 1 Photo Supplies,
WILL REMOVE MARCH Ist
To No. 7 Kearny Street,
Opposite Chronicle Building.
UNEQUALED FACILITIES FOR \ THE
PROPER FITTING OF GLASSES.
Best Equipped Optical Store on the
Pacific t-'oii-it
1 =5
KEW TO-DAT— AMUSEMENTS.
BALDWIN THEATER.
i- Hiiiiix Jt Co. (Incorporated) Propaato.-i
Two Weeks— Every Evening: Including Sun-
day. Matinee Saturday.
THE EMINENT ACTOR. MR.
LOUIS JAMES
Supported by Ony Llndlev, Alma Kroger and •
superior company, under the management of
Wageahals <t Kemper.
ALL THIS WEEK ' •
SPARTACUS
A Magniflcent Scenic Revival of Dr. Bird's
Famous Prize Flay.
A Carload of Special Scenery.
Fifty People on the Stage.
NEXT WEEK.
Monday. Tuesday and Friday Evgs., and Sat. Mat.
" MY LORD AND SOME LADIES "
' (First time here).
Wednesday and Sunday OTHELLO
Thursday HAMLET
SEATS READY TO- MORROW (THURSDAY.
AT THE I Monday, Feb. 5.
CALIFORNIA! "Our Little Cinderella."
CALIFORNIA THEATER
TREMENDOUS SUCCESS
Proclaimed the Greatest Singer of the Day 1
Most Emphatic Hit of
..: TREBELLI:..
BY SPECIAL REQUEST,
GRAND MATINEE CONCERT
SATURDAY AFTERNOON. FEB. 13.
LAST CONCERT SUNDAY NIGHT, Feb. 14.
Entire Change of Programme.
SEATS NOW ON SALE
February 15 ..' "CINDERELLA."
tWCDLAfIOtILWTTIDD *j»-_umu a™ ru.-w.til4 • • •
"HAVE A SMALL BOT."
That is what everybody aak3 since they saw
CHARLES "HOPPER*
sJ%uMf/n/
A really (treat creation. Original excellent
company. original splendid scenery. : .
NEXT ATTRACTION FANNY RICE.
TiVOLf OPERA-HOUSE
M»a.Eß.NjiaTi.\-s Kkkt.ix >. Proprietor & Manager
TO-NIGHT
MS- AT 8 .Sir
OUR UP-TO-DATE EXTRAVAGANZA,
ALADDIN,
Or, THE WONDERFUL LAMP.
Mirth, Music, Ballet and Beauty.
The Lateat Sensation.
"La Danse de* Fleurs Electriques!"
Great Cas' !
Beautiful Scenery!
Novel Specialties!
NEXT SATURDAY EVENING,
ior:E3T7!r ieditioij x
Ponui- ■ Prices 25c aw«l ™»Ot
MOROSCO'S
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
WALTER MOBOSCO...SoIa Lessee and Manama;
FIRST PRODUCTION ON THIS COAST
Of the sensational Comedy- Drama,
"A MILE A -MINUTE!".
In Which an Engine and Tender Dash Across
the Stage at Full Speed.
First Appearance of the PHCENIX QUARTET.
SONUS 1 DANCES! SPECIALTIES!
It Ftmild; Prices— lOo, SAfl and ">">■».
Matinees Saturday and Sunday.
ALCAZAR 1 Ent iS ouse
fllwWf^faflll I Last Nitf ht.
The Cleverest Flay Seen ln Years.
:.:•:.:" THE PROFESSOR! ":.:•:.:
Great Refined Corned v, Well Played! .
a*. JEt. foiiK
And The Entire Company. ■
Prices— lsc, 35c, 35c and 500,
Phone for seats— BlacK 98 L
THE CHUTES.
every afternoon and evening. -
hagihara Japanese acrobats, okd-
WAY. the ANIMaTOSCQPE and a Host of At-
tractions at night. Admission, ip^: Children, Sc.
SUTRO BATHS.
Opeu Dally From 7 A. d. to 6 P. M.
Swimming Season 1897.
Bathing, Including Admission— Adults
25c. Children 20c.
General Admission, 10c; Children* 50,
78
JOCKEY THORPE
IN GREAT FORM
He Passed the Wire First
on Four Different
Occasions.
In a Rattling Drive Morte Fonse
Captured a Race From
Cabrillo.
Scotch Rose Oatsprinted Her Field and
Won Driving— Count cf Flanders
at Last a Winner.
The premier Western jockey Charley
Thorpe spent a real old-fashioned day of
it at the Oakland [track yesterday, at the
same time increasing his share of this
world's goods to quite an extent. He Lad j
a mount in all six runs; was unplaced in j
the hrst astride Heartsease, the favorite {
in the openinjr^event, which undoubtedly
had an attack of heart failure; then /
landed three consecutive winners; next
finished third with The Sinner, and
capped the climax by getting the 12 to 1
shot .Rejected in ahead of his field in the
final number on the card. It is safe to
predict that if Charley had the leg up on
a Government mule in a stake race to-day
his mount would go to tbe post favorite.
The track was slow and the favorites
seemed to have a touch of the same dis
ease, as a review of the afternoon's sport
develops tho fact that but one passed the
finishing line in front. If the talent got
the coin tbeir hilarity was ol the subdued
kind on the way bacK to this side.
In the linal race Jockeys Dojjgett and
McHugh had a narrow call from serious
injury. Doggett bad the mount on the j
favorite, imp. Fulierton Lass, while Mc- I
Hugh piloted Franco. As tho bunch was !
nearing the bend to the homestretch there I
was some crowding, and both animals I
mentioned fell. Fortunately, beyond a i
severe jolting, neither rider suffered in- j
jury.
The erratic mare Heartsease opened an j
even. money chance for the opening j
six-furlong sprint, and if she ran
as fast as she could is deserving !
of a high place in the harm ot ■
some breeding establishment, far, far j
away from any place where men gamble. '.
Roadrunner, a 6 to 1 chance, ridden by 1
Patsy Freeman, won easily from Soola- ,
ciain, with Monitor running into tbird
place.
Next was a two-year-old lottery drawing
at three and a balf furlongs. Ezell's pair,
On Gua Nita and Siva, coupled, were sec
ond choice in the betting, with Duke of \
York, at odds of 3 to 2, occupying the
place of honor. Thorpe lifted Count of !
Flanders in winner by nearly a length |
from Don Luis, while On Gua Nita secured
the show.
Chapter three of this awful carnage |
among the first choices shows Woodland j
Belie galloping to the post an 11 to 10 favor- i
ite over a field of eleven platers in a five '
and a half furlong scramble. The bets
looked good until Thorpe came hustling \
along on Roltair. a 7 to 1 outsider, which
.shed a shadow of gloom by finishing two |
lengths in advance of the Belle.
Morte Fonse looked strange as he came j
out for the fourth event, over a mile,
carrying a jockey sporting green colore, j
' but he was perfectly at home when it :
came to racing. Cabrillo ruled a 3 to 1 I
favorite in the ring, with Morte Fonse a
well- backed second choice.
Silverado, a 200 to 1 shot, made the '
running for half the distance, where the '
favorite took it up. He looked a winner !
to witbin a few strides of the wire, when I
. Thorpe on Morte Fonse, coming with a !
ereat rush, snatched victory by a head, j
Ransom was a close third.
About the best betting race of the day
was the five and a half furlong sprint that
followed, with Scotch Rose, Etta H, The
Sinner, Lou Lou R and Lost Girl as I
starters. Scotch Rose closed a Blight 1
favorite over Etta H, and in the hardest I
kind of a drive got the decision from that j
gocd filly by a bead. Tne Sinner was
third, but a neck further away.
The final six-furlong run, decided under
THE "CALL" RACING GUIDE.
CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB. Oakland Racetrack. Tuesday, February 9. Forty-first day of'
the Winter Meeting. 1896-97. Weather fine. Track slow. !
1 o HKsT
of a mile;
: purse ♦HOO.
Index.
id ex. I Hone, age, weight. St. V*
487 Koadrunner. 6....112 21
4 - _"2 sooladaln. 5 109 3 1
605 Monitor,4 106 6
217 Agitato, c 109 1
443 Monterey, 6 11* 7
431 Jaear:»ease, 4.... 106 4
465 Greenback Jr., 5.109 6
433 Joe Hill, a 109 8
5%
2 1/.
3h
1 2
ay,
8
7%
2 2*
32
1 1
8
61
7 Vz
Si 2
1 2
6 1
I*
4 2
61
8
7%
1 3
I?
4 3
6 3
65
76
8
I Freeman...
I liUaw
O. Wilson
Doggett
I Ames
Betdnc.
Op. VI.
4
15
6
6
60
1
20
1 50
6
80
8
11-5
5'J
8-2
50
160
! Thorpe
Spoiuer
Mclaughlin
(iood start. Won galloping. Winner, H. Lovrrten's en. h M by Joe Dnnitls-Miss Hooker. Timu
b£CONI» RACE— eeven-si
: pane JHSU.
Index.
Horse, weight.
Vi 3 ,i Sir. m. Jockey.
8h 1% Thorpe l
11 SI It. Martin
2^ 3 2 T. McHugh.....
6 0 4 b C. Sloan
720 53 Joni>»
4 1,4 66 Shaw |
5 b 720 Thompson '
• 8 8 H. Wilson !
Bettlnc.
Up. VI.
471 CoumofFlanders.los 1
sil Don Luis 100 D
492 'OnGusMta 107 2
458 Siva 113 :-!
HI Duke of York .110 7
411 Irritator. 110 4
511 Fallen I'rlDcess.. »7 6
Desdemoar ICS 8
»
6
2
*
! 2
I SO
HO
50
13-5
10
b-l
•
32
•AM
40
100
Good start. Won driving. Winner, W. OB. Mac4onou<h's eh. c. by St. Cario-Countesaot Lmm-
). Time. :44«.i. -Couple.] with On Ona N Ha. •
THIRD KAuE-ileven-slxteenths of a.
purse i 100.
Index. !
Horse, weight.
i=tr.
I
357
437 I
483
r.uo
4.'3
242
450 I
482 i
4-7
486
Roltmir 114
i Woodland Belle..lil
Chappi« 104
l;ef.;Dder. 104
Miss Maggie M...109
• Nine Minety-:S'inell4
I Alcazan 11l
In flam mate 114 1
I senator Morgan.. i
May X 112
Kosell». 113
Lovinxton Ill]
! *
6
■ I
2
6
! 10
9
8
i 11
3
1
7
I 11
........
........
4 a
3 )i
1 1
'2 a
11
6h
10 *
81
.'. h
96-
-la
4 V a
3 3
1 h
2?
6h
9
6h
10
73
11
8 20
12
43
2 b
3V 2
iiS
62
71"
9
10
11
12
1 2
ft
C 6
73
8 1
92
10 2
11 15
12
i nurne
H. Martin
Jones.
■ ■-'laughter
Fret man
F. Kussell
Hennessy
Bozeman
Kimnu
Spencer
C. Sloan !
H. vvuson
6
6 5
6
15
10
i>o
80
20
5
20
! 40
I 60
7
6-5
4
30
25
100
20
30
7
20
sl>
100
!
i
I
I
(^ood siari.
:10U,.
Won easily.
Winner, W. L. stanfle.'d's b. c, by Buck Walton-Sky Blue.
Tim-j,
»^| FOURTH KA
three-year-olds and upward; purse *40a
Index.! Horse, age, wplcht.
V*
!
Va
601 Mone Fonse, 6. ..106
472 Cabrlllo, 5 108
4»5 I Ransom. 6 102
412 |Ul!]«> Cripple. 6.. 9i
6ul Jack Martin, 4.... 96
"-Uverado, a. £6
429 i Pollock, 4 94
4 7 ,41
7 If I?
2 ill 610
» 4 2 5V*
« 1 i/ 2 i 1 1
162 7
42
§§
6 12
56
S3
7
43
1 h
22
6 10
62
31-
-7
1 fa
2 2
3 10
4Vj
6 V.
6 20
7
Thorpe »-2
M. Isora I 3-2
B. Martin 10
Spencer 8
Slaughter SO
J. Woods lot)
Heidy.. 15
9-5
3-2
10
6
2b
200
30
I'erffct start.
Won (irivinc.
v innt-r, P. Dnnne'ich. fa., by Fonso-t'lyer. Time. 1
1 jriFTil
ihree-year-oldi: purse $400.
Index. Horge, weight.
193 Scotch Koso .. ]
(437) KttaH ]
408 The Sinner 1
4^6 tK>it Girl :
(49&) Lou Lou X ]
3
5
4
1
1 iy
gig
4 h
I"
5
1 4
4 b
•2 1
3h
I 6
1 3
31
42
5
1 b
2 n
S B
4 10
6
I Slaughter
Shaw
Thorpe
UennCBsy
DOBcett....
Bolting.
Op. cL
I 4
5-2
4
4
»
5-2
3
1
5
7-2
•i' 0.1 suirt.
ne, 1:09 y t .
tuner, A. .
t, by
>}>j SIXTH HACK— Tiiree-quartei
n of t mile; i
; purse ¥300.
dcx. Horse, age, weight Bt. Vi
464 Rejected, 4. 106 ~
498 Zooleln, a. 112 4
505 Pecksniff, 6 112 1
470 llbzpl D. 4 104 7
476 JacJcKlchelteu. a.112 9
493 Mlssltu-.h, 5 107 8
409 VirgieA, 4 106 2
605 Franco, 4 106 6 . .....
608 |I.Kulle!tii].usß,6..loU 6
61
7 1
A i.
ah
9
8
13
l&
61
3b
ey,
•j h
I*
9
lh
iVt
6%
! Str. .
SI
6
21
lb
•%
* Vt
Fell
Fell
fin. Jockey.
IVi Thorpe
ah F. Kussell
3!i Ben ci.
44 H. Martin
S3 Freeman
610 Isom
7 Bozeman
T. jirHugh
Doggeu...
Jocker.
Hettlnc.
Op. Cl.
6
15
10
6
15
8
20
8
b-5
10
12
8
&
15
5
60
7
. '5-2
sturi. Won dr. v.Dg.
U. Kwwt't bile, c, by
selling conditions, went to the 12 to 1 out
sider, Rejected, which in a drive downed
Zoolein three parts of a length.
Following are to-day's entries:
First race, selling, flve-e'ghtliso* a mile.
392 Piuv Boy. 107 600 Braxey 102
S>o6 Nebula. 102 418 Bernard 107
426 .Viking 104 375 Cappr 105
512 Draught 107 1 427 Dr. Martin 107
505 Cogent 107 j 506 Mercutlc 110
614 Jay Wheeler.. .lo4 495 Lady Looram..lo2
.... Chenille 102 4^o Philip U 104
512 Don Clare ncio.. 107
Second race, purse, fifteen-sixteenths of a mile.
508 Fullcrton Lass. 107 487 Monlta 109
607 Arezzo 100 47 Formal 113
(606)8a0e Murphy.. lo7 477 Last Chance.... 109
490 David. lU9 (488)8atsnma 112
Third race, handicap, one mile.
477 Peril 85 (488)8atsnma> 91
(435) Doodle.lo6 507 Lincoln II 86
! 609 Schiller. 107! 443 McLight 102
609 Damien 110
Fourth race, three-fourths of a mile, the Lissak
selling stakes, value $1260.
469 flood Times.... 4o9|(436)Bcarf Pin 102
456 btentor 98 1 (ftl 6) Caspar 106
Fifth race, one mile, selling.
371 Perseus. 98 (501)Benamela 110
(493) The Bachelor.. 98 (48ft)Bouble Quick.. 95
516 Rosebud 9H|(-»2s)Caartreude 101
614 Torsina. 108 455 Doyle 100
Sixth race, one and a sixteenth mites, handicap,
hurdle.
487 Three F0rk5. ..172 491 Herman 134
335 Artemus 188 403 Autonomy. 125
MO Gold Dust 140 419 Arundel I*7
385 Zarugosa 125 433 Joe Hill 126
(610)Kedlngton ISO]
SELECTION'S FOB TO-DAT.
First race— Tilting, Philip H, Chenille.
Second race— David, Formal, Arezzo.
Third race— Damlen, Ssatsumi, Tankee
Doodle.
Fourth race Scarf Pin, Caspar, Good
Times.
Fifth race— Rosebud. Chartreuse 11,
Benamela.
Sixth race Mo selection*.
NOT SO BAD AFTER ALL.
What Some of the Visiting Turf
men Think of the Racing
Game Here.
Statements cf Some (f the Eastern
Press Not Borne Out by
Plain Facts.
Never in the history of racing in the
j State haa such high-class sport been wit
i nessed as that furnished at the local track
; controlled by the Pacific Coast Jockey ■
j Club and at the new course of the Cali
j fornia Jockey Club across the bay. Kin
| dred racing associations in other States
, where winter racing is conducted have j
j sought through the press in different
• parts of the country to throw soot by in- ■.
i timating that the game here is on tne
| ragged edge and that the local and East
ern spor.s "are all broke." How true
these reports are may be gleaned from. the
following interviews with the most promi
nent of the visiting Eastern owners, book
makers, jockeys and betting men:
Tha racing is first-class in every respect and
! equal to any I have seen in years; is a grand
| place to winter, and I like it very much.— Da- i
vid Gideon.
j I was never more surprised. Two beautiful i
I tracks and as good raeins aa any one would
I care to see.— C. H. Pettingill.
j Contrary to the reports East, lam surprised \
i to see good betting and first-class racing here. j
! Twenty-four books on and no trouble for me
to place sl! the money I want to bet.— George
E. Smith (-Pittsburg Phil").
It is surely the best winter racing event ever
: held in this country. It is certainly very hon
i est, and will compare favorably "with any
i racing in the East. — George A. Wheelock.
Xo place adapted for winter racing like this.
Both tracks elegant; first-class racing and the
management splendid.— Charles F. Dwyer.
I find that the racing at the two tracks here
j is up to tho highest standard. For a racing
I point during the off season in the East lt can
! not be excelled. — C. R. Grannan.
Racing is as clean and as good as I have seen
on any track at any time of the yetr.— Ed Cor-
I rigan.
, San Francisco is certainly fortunate in having
two such racetracks as lngleside and Oaklanu,
each complete ln every appointment. The
! racing is clean and clear of all scandal.— Frank
I Ireland.
The racing in California this winter is equal
to any given at any racetrack in the country.
The class of horses competing is above the
average for winter sport, and the money they
I run for larger than ever at this season of the
year. The tracks in this vicinity are equal to
any on the continent, being superb ones to
race over and equipped. with all that is needed
to make a first-class establishment in every
respect. Eastern horsemen will soon realize
this aud in the future make California their
winter port.— 11. Daniels.
This is the best racing I have seen in ten
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 10, 1897.
years. First-class sport and first-class betting.
—Barney Schreiber.
Unquestionably the Citj\of San Francisco is
the desired spot for racing during the winter
months. The racing compares favorably with
the sport on the Eastern tracks in the height
of the summer season. — Harry Harris.
Both tracks elegant. Better racing than I
thought would be had in the winter.—
Dunne. ' ' ,'-
Two grend tracks. Racing as good as I have
seen anywhere in summer.— W. P. Magrane.
Racing first-class. Have seen no better any.
where. Pick the winners and you can get all
the money you want.— H. Eugene Leigh.
ft is grand racing. Notning like it any
where.—Dun Honig.
Have been here four seasons and I see
nothing but . Improvement every year. I
would not stay away. I consider it the best
racing in the Dnited States.— E. W. Purser.
Two exceptionally fine tracks. I never saw
any better racing. First-class and clean as a
whistle. Good betting as any track.— M.
Games.
I think it is the best place to race I ever
visited; plenty money and plenty good horses.
Racing first-class acid as nonest as it could
be.— William Wallace.
I never saw any better or cleaner racing at
any track in the summer. Two good tracks. —
William Beverly.
It is far better than anything I could have
hoped lor. No grander place or better racing
anywhere. W. H. cheppu.
Couldn't expect any better sport ; as good as
seen anywhere and the betting wonderful for
winter racing.— Martin Hughes and Peter
Reiley.
The tracks and racing are the best I ever
saw. Good-class horses and the racing clear
of anything but what it should be.—
Wooaford.
It cou la not be better. lam highly pleased
and would not stay away.— Doggett.
It is by far the best winter racing I've ever
seen, and I have been riding at all the winter
tracks. No better horses or jockeys anywhere.
1 like It very much.— Tod Sloan.
ltis the best winter racing I ever saw. I
enjoy it and would not remain away for any
thing.—Charley Thorpe.
lam greatly surprised. I did not expect to
see two such grand tracks and as good racing
as Is seen anywhere.— William Sims.
Since my arrival in San - Francisco, I have
attended the races every day. and am agree
ably surprised at the uniformly good attend
ance ana the splendid racing I have witnessed.
—.Max Blumenthal.
The racing in San Francisco this season is
the healthiest we have seen anywhere in the
past year. The better class of people attend,
and everything has a holiday air. The form
of the horses has been exiremely good— O'Neill
and Kckert.
Taking into consideration how far we really
are from the racing center I think I can safely
say that 1 have never attended better racing,
nor with as much satisfaction and pleasure as
I have derived from tho racing around San
Francisco. — John B. Coleman.
The best winter racing I ever saw. A grand
country. 1 like it very much and can't speak
too highly of it.— Henry Griffin.
Perhaps after a careful perusal of these
opinions expressed our Eastern friends
may conclude that California may subsist
through the season and that there are still
a few dollars in circulation.
WAS HE THE GRAFTER?
Charles B. Harkins Charged With Hav
ing Tricked T. E. Blomross
Out of ,O.
T. E. Blomross, the ship's carpenter,
who was tricked out of $20 by a grafter in
the City Hall Monday morning, swore to
a warrant in Judge Low's court yesterday
for ths arrest of "John Doe" on the charge
of misdemeanor embezzlement.
Suspicion had fallen upon Charles B.
Harkics, a man 32 years of age, who at
onetime held the position of a deputy
county clerk. Monday night a descrip
tion of Harkins was read to the police in
each district with instructions to arrest
him.
Policeman John Cronin saw Harkins on
Fourth and Mission streets yesterday
afternoon and took him to the City
Prison. T. J. Farrell, clerk of Judge
Low's court, who was asked for a blank
form cl bail by the grafter, had a look at
Harkinir, but although he resembled the
man he could not positively identify him
as he was busy at tne time he banded out
the form and merely glanced at the ap
plicant. SR@
Harkins was confined in the "tanks"
till Blomross could see him. Last night
Blomross called at the prison and imme
diately recognized Harkins. who was at
once booked on the charge. Harkins
claims that he can prove an alibi, but the
police say they have other evidence
against him besides the identification by
Blomross. Harkins was arrested Monday
afternoon along with two others on a
charge of disturbing the peace and was re
leased on bail.
A PARK FOR SACRAMENTO
Several Contracts Closed and
Capital Enlisted in This
City.
A Four-Lap Bicycle Track, Football
and Baseball Grounds to Be
Among tho Features.
If a project contemplated by members
of a league established in this City, Stock
ton- OaKland and Sacramento should
be eventually realized the last-named
city will receive an additional qualifica- |
tion for its metropolitan status. The ob
ject of the league is to establish what may
be fitly called an athletic park at the capi
tal, designed to be the largest and most
complete of its kind in Western America.
It is understood that either Oak or East
Park will be selected as its site, and with
this end in view, the promoters have se
cured an option of purchase on both
places. They will be guided in their final
choice by the wishes of the majority, and
as yet no definite arrangement has been
concluded.
The scheme includes the construction
of a four-lap bicycle track, composed of
Ii inch boards placed edgewise, similar
to the Velodrome track, but two laps
larger and eight feet wider, a clubhouse of
twenty rooms, baseball and football
grounds to be laid in the ample space af
forded inside the track and a scenic rail
way to cover the entire park.
The cost of these attractive features
without the scenic railway will probably
be something like $8000. In addition to
the foregoing the athletic grounds will be
provided with a handsome grand stand
capable of accommodating comfortably
3000 persons. The clubrooms will also be
fitted up for tbe reception of local and vis
iting club*, and every modern convenience
is to be afforded in this connection.
Another innovation almost superfluous
in . California will be an arrangement
whereby both the clubhouse and grand
stand can be inclosed during the winter,
so that the cool breezes of the nortb may
not visit the faces of the fair spectators
too roughly. '
The city of Los Angeles was at one time
considered as the probable location of the
park, but the league finally decided to
give Sacramento the preference, no doubt
on account of its proximity to the largest
centers of population.
W. N. Winans of Sacramento, who is
interesting capital in the project, was in
the City a few days ago closing various
contracts. : He returned to Sacramento on
the 7th inst. The most prominent business
men of that city are said to be connected
with this important undertaking, which
they are determined to bring to a success
ful issue.
The Southern Pacific Railway Company
was notified by its traveling representative
a few days ago that such a project was
being seriously discussed 'at the capital,'
and should subsequent conditions warrant
it, the road will run excursions to Sac
ramento from all adjacent points during
the holidays.
• — * — •
Work of the Fire Committee.
The Fire Committee of the Supervisors
opened bids yesterday for painting engine
house 6. The lowest bidder was William May,
$205. The committee will recommend the
placing of a fire-alarm box at Seventeenth and
Uranus streets, aud a hydrant at Piedmont
and Epstein streets. -
CUBA'S CAUSE
FINDS AID
Mascherini and Jones Are
Mustering Their
Forces.
A Mass-Meeting and Monster
( Petition Are Already
Planned.
The New York League Is Greatly
Pleased Over the Work Al
reaiy Done Here.
There was a great deal of joy at the
headquarters of the Cuban sympathizers,
2016 Mason street, yesterday because oi
the good prospects of obtaining the aid of
good citizens in the movement to extend
substantial aid to the struggling Cubans.
"We are receiving encouragement from
all over the coast," said Faust Mascherini
yesterday, "and I believe there are thou
sands of the people ready to fall in line to
aid us as soon as the movement assumes
tangible form. I have been visited by or
received letters from men located at
various points of the State, and nearly all
report considerable feeling and a good fol
lowing for the cause of Cuba. It needs
nothing but an organized movement here
to unify ana crystallize sentiment on the
coast.* '
The following letter is a sample of the
interest manifested at points outside of
San Francisco :
Sacramento, Cal., Feb. 9, 1897.
Dear Mr. Maecherini, Secretin Cuban League,
SOO6 Mason strict. San Francisco, Cal.— The in
closed newspaper clipping shows that you are
pushing ahead. I have been waiting for some
thing like this to happen before writing you.
I have been here working at the Legislature,
but will return to the city about March 1,
when I will call upon your league. X wish 1
could take a more active part In the move
ment, but 1 will wait and follow the leaders
in whatever movement they decide is right.
We must not falter, but show the world that
California is never the last In any movement
for the good of mankind in general. Jf you
can do any good by writing me do so, but do
not consume any of your valuable time, other
wise. Yours iruly. • D. E. Bohannon,
1117 Fifth street, Sacramento, Cal.
Messrs. Jones and Mascherini are going
among prominent citizens to-day and the
balance of the banks to present the claims
of the National Cuban League to them for
consideration. They propose to get a
monster petition and forward it to New
York ior the use of the head council of
the league, which body will bring the sub
ject to the consideration of Congress at as
early a date as possible.
"It is our purpose to have a few public j
meetings at an early day," said President
Jones yesterday. "We want to get such i
j speakers as ox-Judge Eugene Garber and |
j his uncle, the old Virginia waruorse, to |
I speak for Cuba. 1 think Colonel Charles ;
j L. Taylor and a number of the leading '
I pioneers will be in the movement with !
j some spirit and energy. I think we shall j
have one of the petitions at the Pioneer !
Society's rooms.
"It is such names as those that honor \
the roll of the pioneers that we want — !
! names of men of standing and influence. I
We expect to be able to induce the Hon. j
; Henry E. Highton to render us some sub- t
j stantial aid. He is a I great friend -of |
liberty, and he coulo portray the cause of
freedom in a manner tiiat would win
many friends to the cause. Another [
pioneer who has agreed to aid us is Oscar i
T. Shuck, the well-known author and !
attorney. He rejoices that Mayor Phelan j
I has shown his colors and he will help us. j
In the same category is Judge Van |
| Reynbgom, who believes it an outrage I
that the brave patriots down in Cuba |
j hove not received more recognition I
I abroad."
Secretary Mascherin ; yesterday received I
the following telegram from league head
quarters in New York:
Faust Mascherini, San Francisco: Thank
Mayor Phelan and all who have aided us in
your city. It is encouraging to feci that the
cause of human liberty finds such quick re
sponse in San Francisco.
D. Johnson, Secretary.
The following list of names of distin
guished persons who have agreed to act as
vice-presidents of the Cuban League of the
United States, was received at headquar- !
ters yesterday, and it is proposed to get up
a similar list here: .-
Levi P. Morton, ex-Governor New York; David
B. Hill, Roswell P. Flower, diaries A. Dana,
Chauncey M. Depew, S. S. T. Stranahan, Wil
liam C. Whitney, J. C. Fargo, Benjamin F.
Tracy. Bradford Merrill, Cornelius N. Bliss,
John 11 Starin, Oswell Ottendorfer, Rev. R. .-'.
Mac Arthur, Joseph Jefferson, John Brlsben
Walker, John Baker, Terence V. Powderly,
: Richard Kelly, Isador Straus-, Judge Morgan
j J. O'Brien. William Bourke Cockran, Charles
F. Allen, J. Edward Simmons, Frederick D.
Grant, Thomas F. Gilroy, Daniel F. Appleton,
! Paul Dana, Constant a. Andrews, John A.
, Taylor, Dr. yon BcaverhoutThompson. William
M. K. Olcott, Wagner owayne, Charles Stewart
Smith, Horatio It. Harper, John R. Dos Passos,
David A. Boody, W. L. Stone, Douglass Taylor,
Co.onel E. D. Ropes, Franz Meyer, Sidney
jG. Mather, Edmund Clarence Stedmari,
j Richard S. Emmett Jr., James P. .Nieman;
I rrnuk S. Black. Governor of New York; An-
I drew H. Greene, Andrew Carnegie, W. R.
i Hearst, Dr. William Seward Webb, Franklin
NEW TO-DAT
WHAT ~MA K E ' S~ Mi EN STR OTJC?"
It Is Not a Drujr, to Poison the Stomach, but Vital Force, Electricity, as
'.- Given to the Weakened Nerves by Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt.
/ a-^a ' mHE GREATEST BOON TO MEN WHO
-.— — v s \ -*- have wasted the energy of youth in
f *^*^ v^. r\ excesses or otherwise is that gentle, exhil-
\t(fj&s. l ISSt \ aratine force coming from a galvanic cur-
yfssJ& J \V\ rent of e 'ectricity. This wonderiul un-
WBR*J T\ • \\ V seen power as it courses through the body
TT \ & I \ \ mixes with the blood and vitalizes it.
d »vjmff A^ \J-W~-~*-^ — A V \ This grand element of life, as it finds its
&0&& /'\ V \f) wa y into tbe flabby, relaxed nerves, urge 3
rjjr&f,/\M. "&" — ''r^ them into a state of vigorous tenacity ; it
fUgy . "~^ — -'■'J.if* flies through the weakened system as does
tfß Vv - -^7 "ttismm 'he life blood, and ail that it touches is
Ml \ $ "7 js\WgaSw3 brought to life. It takes the faintest
f&F"\v v \s_ I jGfcj'-jrAf sparK of vitality and nurses it until it is a
CT Pv^* , I I sv%LyJ e ?W^M m . fountain of animal magnetism, nerve
9 Mx. \\\v\ l !?^-l'i*S^S<^^ power, strength. Strength, strength;
1 m\tfis^Ci «§PillraSs&/ that is it- Strength of manhood— that
I '^^^^MK^Sjlm^^a'^a^' awe-inspiring element which transforms
Vt l^ e we& * I > decrepit and prematurely aged
wW. wreck of a man into a giant of youthful
fgfflfal^ r-*^'' ■'^Ei?^fcaMf 'Kor, with warm, healthy blood, light
i\^B/ \^,^ ' ' NiBJg^aJBWB^ heart and clear brain. Such is the work
x^§\ *^ AT-mrXsMMT of Electricity when rightly use on the
weakened body. Such is Electricity when
applied to exhausted nerves by
-TDTJL. S.A.:KrX>X:CT'f9 ELECTniC £IX3Ij a X*.
Men, and women as well, can regain the vigor born of youth from this grand
invention. Its friends are everywhere. I" every hamlet in the country are those
who owe their happiness to it. In thousands of homes it holds the affection of father,
mother and son. It is a remedy for all because it makes the home happy by restoring
health to ail who are blessed with its touch.
No disease or ailment whicb arises from weakness of stomach, blood, nerve or
muscle is beyond the curative effects of Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt. It gives strength,
and strength sets every vital organ of the body vigorously to work carryiug off im-
purities—hence leaves no place for disease, v'.'',..^
HOTR7" IS IT WITH YOU?
Have you drugged and dosed till you are sick of the poison? You crave for a
more natural remedy— you want more strength in your body? Try this famous treat-
ment. Read the hundreds of letters frora people who reside near you. They have
been cured, and they speak in grateful praise of Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt. If you
cannot call and see tbis Belt and consult with Dr. Sanden send for bis book, "Three
Classes of Men," which is free, closely sealed, by mail. Don't delay — your
health is too vitally important to te neglected. Act now. It may save you years of
misery.
e».A.T«rx>jE:iKr azdoVRZO 00.,
632 MARKET ST., OPPOSITE PALACE HOTEL, SAN FRANCISCO.
Office hours— 8 A. M. to 8:30 P. M. ; Sundays, 10 to L Los Anijeloi Office 204 South Broad.
way ; Portland. Or.. 253 Washington street; Denver. Colo., 933 Sixteenth street.
t>olL.— Make no mistake in the number— 633 Market street.
1«— — ■ mmm hmm«. nurta. m-ji. um ..r— **■■ ■ in dun i JITM— Ui
Edson, William M. Evans, William H. Webb,
Stewart L. Woodford, Thomas 1,. James, Dar
win R. James, Frederick R.- Cmidert, Powell
Clayton, James O'Brien. Richard Mansfield,
Lonllard Spencer, Edward Lauterbach, Samuel
Gompers, Charles S. Adler. Warner Miller,
John R. Dmdee. Ashbel P. Fitch. James J.
Martin, Julian R. Davies, > ray ton Ives, Theo
dore Roosevelt, Cyrus Clark, Walter S. Logan,
Anson G. McCook, Felix Campbell, Ellis H.
Roberts, J. J. O'Donohue, Fred William Hoils,
Joseph Pool, Noah Dnvis. Mural Halstead,
William H. Arnoux, Thomas E. Stewart, Gid
eon J. Tucker. Capt. George W. Brown, Dwight
Townsend, C. E. Crosby, Thomas St. John Gaff
ney, James R. O'Bterne, Everett Masten,
Colonel John Jacob Astor, General Dan But
terfield, William Rockefeller, James Gordon
Bennett, Alonzo B. Cornell, Hintli J. Grant,
Thomas C. Plait, Russell Saee, Robert Bonner,
Martin T. McMahon. Rev. R. lieber Newton,
George Hoadly. Rabbi Gustav Gotthell, Charles
H. Murray, William H. Crane. Albert thaw.
Joseph W. Kay, George E. Murray, John E.
Muholland, Israel Ellis, Isaac Olcott Rhlues,
Erviu Wardmau, Henry L. Einstein, Jacicson
Wallace, R. C. Alexander, C. H. Denison, Frank
B. Carpenter, John C. Maguire, Fred Taylor,
John B. Dutcher, John F. Dillon, Herman A.
Bolte, John Wanamaker. Arthur C. Butts.
Robert G, Ingerjoll, Timothy L. Wcodruff, Au
gustus W. Peters, General Joseph Haves, Gen
eral C. T. Christensen, W. E. D. Stokes, General
Lopez de Quesalta, Francis Wayland Glen,
John Rutleuge Abney, Howard R. Bayne, Otto
Rosalsky.
The plan of organization which the local
league proposes to follow is that adopted
in New York, and outlined as follows in a
letter received from the New York head
quarters yesterday. In it Colonel Ethan
Allen says:
We would suggest that ypu secure a hall for
a public meeting. Notify each member of
your committee and have them sign the call,
naving the signature of your Mayor at the
head; then secure the added signatures of as
many more prominent, in linen •.ial citizens as
you can. For your meeting invito your strong
est, ablest and mosl patriotic speakers, and at
the meeting elect a board of officer* and adopt
resolutions (see suggestions in our resolutions
inclosed). After the meeting send copies of
the resolutions you adopt to your members of
Congress, also of your Legislature, and to this
office.
The petition to be circulated contains
the following, among otber declarations
for liberty:
Let ns so speak that the executive of this
Nation and our representatives In Congress
shall recognize Cuban independence, and all
will be well. We are not required to raise
battalions of men or to furnish ships of war;
but we are called upon to declare that the
heart of this Nation is with the oppressed
Cubans, and then, with her independence ac
knowledged, her unarmed heroes may obtain
from us as required the equipments of war,
as Spain has done heretofore, and thus we
blaze the way for a final victory, as surely to
follow as, in the end, right triumphs over
wrong.
Mayor Phelan will appoint the commit
tee of fifty to take steps to unify Cuban
sentiment here just as soon as he receives
a list of sympathizers from which to se
lect them. All persons who will partici
pate in the proceedings to free Cuba, or
who will add their names to the lists of
sympathizers are requested to send their
addresses to Secretary Faust Mascherini,
718 Greenwich street.
PLAYED THE RACES.
W. A. Speak Alias Spencer, a Book
keeper* Arrested for Felony
Embezzlement.
W. A. Speak alias Spencer was arrested
Monday on Eddy street between Powell
and Mason by Detectives Anthony and
Cody and taken to the City Prison where
he was booked on tbe charge of felony
embezzlement.
Speak was up to two weeks aso book
keeper at the Atlas Iron Works, Potrero.
His conduct did not meet with the ap
proval of Frank. Lester, the superintend
ent of the works ani two weeks ago bo
was discharged. • ' * ; ;.' ', ; :
Lester's suspicions were aroused that
Speak'a accounts were not straight and an
expert was called in and has been work
ing on the books since then. A deficiency
of $3CO was first discovered and finally, as
the examination continued, it was de
veloped that there was a shortage of
$1055.
Lester notified police headquarters Mon
day and Anthony and Cody were de
tailed on the case, resulting in Speaks
arrest that night. |
Speak is 31 years of ago, and the detec
tives say that ho has been plunging at the
racetrack, which accounts for his defalca
tions.
Speak treats his arrest lightly. He
would not say more than there might be
something in it, but it would be all right
He had an appointment with Lester Mon
day afternoon and was surprised when
the detectives arrested him.
DR. WILLIAMS' SUCCESSOR.
Sir. Colt to Go Km! and Listen to Vari
ous Preachers.
It has not yet been decided who will be
Rev. Dr. Williams' successor at Plymouth
Congregational Church. In fact the con
gregation will be in no particular hurry to
do so. The pulpit will be supplied by
different pastors until a final decision is
reached.
Mr. Colt, a prominent member of the
congregation, will go East shortly to listen
to various preachers of note, so that possi
bly Plymouth's new pastor may come
from the East. .::-.-:
Rev. Dr. Williams has not yet decided
upon any definite pians, but it is rumored
that he, too, will go East.
Timber Thieves Sentenced.
win and Edward Jasper, brothers, who
were arrested by a deputy United States Mar
shal for cutting timber ou Government land
lv Tuolumne County, pleaded guilty in the
United States District Court yesterday and
were sentenced to pay fines of $210 each and
to be confined for three months in the County
Jail of Tuolumne County. Iv case the fine is
not paid at the end of the seutence of impris
onment, they are to be Incarcerated until the
coin is forthcoming. They wore taken to the
Tuolumne Connty seat last evening.
NEW TO-DAY. j\Jr'.
i f—f\m
COFFEE
OUR
\JK)i\ -CDIfT CUSTOMERS
• • • Or IVyL WILL BE
GIVEN FREE
THIS WEEK
® ■ ■■■!■■■■ ■■■11l
Extra Big Presents
WITH Fmm PURCHASE WITH m GO PURCHASE
EACH i TEAS » EACH 1 SSS^ EB TEAS '
ms BBS mE3 MM __ I_T*v>ll WS /tnrrrro
ill I COFFEES, I COFFEES,
WW SPICES, A SPICES,
FRFF Any of Following fOf Any of Following
1 ULL Articles: I I\LL Articles:
3 Plates, Decorated. 3 Dinner Plates. ;
2 White Cups and Saucers. 1 Majolica Cuspidor.
1 Plate Set, Decorated. 2 Napkin Rings.
1 Oyster Bowl, Decorated. 1 Rose Bowl, Fancy.
1 Ice Cream Set. 4 Table. Goblets.
1 Pitcher, Majolica. 1 Cake Stand, on Foot.
1 Berry Dish. 1 Butter Dish, Large.
1 Butter Dish. 1 Fruit Bowl, on Foot.
1 Oat Meal Set. 1 Candy or Nut Dish.
1 Cake Plate, Fancy. 6 Table Tumblers.
1 Cream Pitcher, Fancy. 1 Celery Stand.
1 Bohemian Flower Holder. 1 Pair Bouquet Holders, Fancy.
1 China Preserve Dish. 1 Bohemian Fern Vase.
1 Fancy Cup and Saucer. 2 Fruit Plates, Fancy.
3 Wine Glasses. - 6 Egg Cups, Fancy.
1 Spoon Holder. 1 Cake Plate, Fancy.
1 Yellow Mixing Bowl. 1 Sugar and Cream Set, Fancy.
2 Fancy Mugs. 1 Fancy Shaving Mug.
1 Colored Vase. 1 Milk Pitcher, Decorated.
3 Table Knives. 3 Cups and Saucers, Decorated.
1 Yellow Baking Dish. 1 Child's Cake Set.
1 Sugar Bowl. 1 Platter, Decorated.
3 Table Tumblers. 1 Salad Bowl, Footed.
1 Rose Bowl. 1 Water Pitcher.
1 Preserve Bowl. 1 Fancy Cup, Saucer and Plate.
3 Egg Cups. 1 Rebecca Tea Pot.
3 Table Forks. 1 Oat Meal Set, Fancy.
2 Water Goblets. ," 3 Breakfast Plates.
3 Sauce Dishes. '' 1 Vegetable Dish, Decorated.
1 Tea Cup, Decorated. 1 Tankard Pitcher.
1 Coffee Cup, Decorated. 1 Salad Dish, Decorated.
1 Pudding Pan. 1 Sugar Bowl.
1 Covered Saucepan. 6 Dessert Dishes.
1 Frying Pan. 1 Berry Set.
1 Flour Sifter. ' 1 Sugar Sifter.
1 Roast Pan. ' 1 Pudding Set, 2 Pieces.
1 Dairy Pan. -—-"-' 1 Fancy Cup and Saucer.
1 Bread Pan. y : • . -; ~ : '-I" Salad Bowl, Square.
1 Cuspidor. 6 Table Knives.
1 W ash Basin, Large. 6 Table Forks.
1 Coffee Pot. 1 Chamber Pail.
TEAS - 20, 25, 30, 35, 40, 50, 60 cts per pound
COFFEES - - 15, 20, 25, 30, 35, 40 cts per pound
SPICES - - - 10, 15, 20, 25, 30, 40 cts per can
Our Aim Is to Give
Our Customers ..... BEST QUALITY,
LOWEST PRICES,
HANDSOME PRESENTS.
OPERATING
100 STORES
.-5f ! Enables Us to Treat Our Customers
With Extra Liberality.
Great American Importing Tea Co.
i MONEY SAVING STORES:
1344 Market Street. 146 Ninth Street. OAKLAND:
2510 Mission Street. 218 Third Street. 1053 Washington Street.
140 Sixth Street. 2008 filimore Street. 131 San Pablo Avenue.
617 Kearny Street. 965 Market Street. 616 East Twelfth Street,
1419 Polk Street. 3006 Sixteenth Street. 917 Broadway.
521 Montgomery Avenue. 104 Second Street. ALAMEDA:
333 Hayes Street. •". 3285 Mission Street. 1355 Park Street. >
HEADQUARTERS— SAN FRANCISCO, 52 MARKET STREET.
•00000000000-oo
AN EXCELLENT
7TT7 A T Properly prepared and
IVJd/\I , promptly served, can
*'** " *■■■-' always ba obtained in
THE GRILL ROOM OF THE
Decidedly the PAT ATP
Most Popular K/\ A( Jh
Dining Apart- A ■» a. J— <il\. -*» |
ment in town. , JJUU . u , l axm—™ mjm^^.^—
00000000-00-Q-OO
A? B^fi?-"2f: Prßi ?' x <>"lman. Vlce-Pres.
A. U. Kirk, sea Jos. 2f ordman, Treai.
427 KEARNY STREET
WILL REMOVE TO
16 KEARNY STREET
THIS MONTH.
DR.MGNDLTY.
WWJS. > V ,^ rjLKXOWN *H3> ABLE Of.D
to."' , " m ', 1 * : »*Private,Xervous,BlootlaiidSkin
v-^ Z* of Men only. Manly Power restored. Over
5.v25™.5* eri * acfc Send for Book, free. Patients
riaf^e.-n* P'SaX Terms reasonable. Hours. 9 to 3
Wff'"""/""' 1 * Sundays, 10 to 12. Consulta-
tion iree and sacredly confidential. Call or address
.__,, *"• ROSCOE MeNCLTT, M. D-,
**}£ Heainy SHre^t. Xa>n Franeiacn. Cal.
PChlahaater'a Kacllak Plaaaaad Broad.
rENNYROYAL PILLS
-4fiktW Orlslaal nad Only fieainlao. A
£Ast /TVA •arc, always nIUWi. taoir* aak 2f\
AjLyMB Draejlrt (Im- Oki.-*<-««r« S-rflUi ZKa-jfifVX
I^,SA*9smSAM**riJ BrmmJ (, j^j M j ( jo& a:«-*;ile \\&W
-^©ay^iaa. »»ala4 with tlua rihtxin. Taka \jp
IM X^ •»■• «tkar. Aq%u« d»«««r»u« ru*a«t<><- V
I / fff and iaitMHm*. a-. Drugf.nt, ar mcv 4a.
I * rf la a«amp» fcr paHlaalva. taatbaoalala aa4
\~ 0 . "Bailer fcr Ladies" to !«««', a > rctnra
-\. -Mr pnOHWiatk .v«ii<Avm
tTONG PO CHY,
Successor to DR. LAI
PO TAI, graduate of
Canton Medical Col-
lege, after a very suc-
cessful practice of
many years in China,
has lo< ated In San
Francisco. The sur-
prising and marvelous
cures effected by his
herbs demonstiate
their potence and his
skill. These herbs
cure over 400 different
diseases, including
Brisht's Disease, Dia-
betes. Consumption,
Asthma, Paralysis,
Brain, Nerve, Cancers, Tumors, Blood, Male and
Female Maladies All persons afflicted with any
kind of malady whatsover are invited to call.
Office. 727 "Washington Street.
Office hours— 9 a. M, to la m., lto9p.it; Sno.
day. 10 a. m. to la m. .
THE PAINTER
MAS REMOVED TC
579 MISSION ST.
' " — — — . -™—^ ■■«*
/l^dlfe&if . Big ? ,8 „* non-poisonous
<^KgW^ <aMfl remedy for Gonorrhoea.
m \ tm reVHES^tjSM Gleet, Spermatorrhea!
■ gsSasSr la 1 to bi.rn.vSm Whites, unnatural die
flfff ?»*n^-^ 'M charge*, or any ir.flamnia-
d J 1 " -° t ' Tic '- aT '>- 'wn, irritation or ulcera-
g^ftivenu oaaugioa. tion of mucous mem-
g^ayHEEvAHS ChEKISUCo. Cranes. >■ on-astringent.
VMBLcincjnsati.o HSBEP So,d *»y orxxttsutc, '
XaSSKhk. U.S. A. jSSs? r c, 'n. in plain wr-piy.^
<?i2^^s^ dl^Bl ?y express, prepaid t,i
t'.«> or 3 fcottl^*%.A Jt
r V' ■ Circular sent or *■' mag*
B« "PATENT^ 3
T0^220 MARKET SuT.siSSSSr 'JUDGE COOK'S
JURORS ABUSED
Old Man Reynolds Calls
Them All Perjured
Villains.
_
-Waiter Hinkiey, a Member of
the Pane', Violently
Assaulted.
Official Investigation of the Matter
:'.: Is to Be Mdc in Open Court
ToMorrow.
• "Here, you perjured villain, don't you
cry to get away!" shouted old Mr. Bey
. noids, father of Thomas Reynold*, in the
main corridor of the New City Hall, near
Judge Carroll Cook.
Walter Hinkiey felt the desperate grip
Of the venerable man on his arm and tried
.to shake it off.
• "Don't you dare to run away till I have
told you that I think you and all your as
. sociates are murderers and perjured vil
lains," shouted Reynolds.
, " Still Hinkiey struggled and at last got
.Jree.
'•.-• "How dare you find my son guilty on
/ the testimony of a man liKe Charles Her
.old?" shouted Reynolds, and then for the
I ■: rst time Hinkiey knew why he was be
■Fis;.- assaulted, for in the melee he had
.'not recognized his assai.ant as the father
of the unfortunate young man who had
"been convicted of burglary in the second
degree by a jury, of which Hinkiey was a
member, in Judge Cook's court litst Fri
i day.
••: The old father of the young culprit was
1 overcome by sorrow aud grief, and had
o'versteppert the bounds of right and pro
. prjety in offering resentment. If lie had
s'topDed there it is probable that nothing
. further would have been heard of the
■ affair, for practical men mafce allowances
•'for the excesses of old age and youth.
Reynolds' lirst outburst, as recounted
here, occurred on Monday, but no report
"of his conduct was given to the court,
though the gentleman insulted was at
•. that moment on his way to the jury-room,
having been impaneled in a different case,
and being an oflicer of the court was under
. the special protection of the law.
Yesterday Reynolds repeated this of
: fense in a different manner. He stood in
the corridor and railed at the members of
Judire Cook's jury panel whenever he saw
Ihem. • The citizens who acted in the trial
\of young Reynolds are os follows: J.
Bremer, Moritz Dnbner, T. Frahen, W. E.
Lovpjov, Walter HinKlev, W. H. Tiegier,
11. Bend it, C. Silk, Jacob Lohman, G.
Behind ler, J. H. Becker, Joseph Orr.
•= Several oi these gentlemen were on duty
in trials yesterday, ami they haa to run
the gauntlet of the wrath of Reynolds
• pere for their verdict against the son.
'There they go, the murdering vil
. lams!'' he would shout. "Loot at 'em,
.the perjured scoundrels!" he would add,
'as the attention of the bystanders would
be directed toward the hastening jurors,
ea^er to get beyond the range of Reynold*'
-.raucous voice.
Then it was thought that patience had
ceased to be a virtue and a statement of
tae matter was made to Judge Cook,
, whereupon his Honor askea that the
proper ; tri l.ivit be presented, in order
: mat an official investigation might be
I trade to-morrow morning.
\ ; Judge Co remarked that he was dis
■ posed to deal leniently with a parent in
Tribulation, but he deemed it hi* duty to
protect the jurors and other officers of his
court from outside interference or insult
of any character.
AMONG THE WHEELMEN.
Opening of the Big State Circuit at
Petaiuma on Washington's
Birthday.
■ ' Th.c meet scheduled for next Saturday
afternoon at the Velodrome will not take
place. In fact under the present strained
. relations between the racing men and
Manager Fawcett it seems hardly likely
that any meet will be held there for some
time to com*. Dave Shafer has quartered
his big team of professionals at San Jose
. .find declares he will not let them ride at
1 tbe Velodrome, and as he has in his
' string Ziegler, Loughead, McFarland,
• Wells, "Bob" TerrilJ, Stevens, Becker and
all the best professionals now here, his
I withdrawal makes the prospects look slim
' for. good meet at the Velodrome just at
'•present.'
The proposed Stale circuit is to be
.opened at Petaiuma on Washington's birth
day, the 22d inst., and everything points
to the circuit being a big success from the
start. .' The Petaiuma wheelmen will have
charge of the meet there, and have ap
pointed the following well-known gentle
men to handle it: F. A. Wi'kerVham,
"U. C. Byce, H. B. Higbee, F. K. Lippitt,
H. J. Hopkins and George Murphy.
The programme for the opening day will
be a one-mile professional, open, prizes
$50, $25 and $15; one-half mileprofes
. sionai, open, prizes $40, $20 and $10; two-
J mile record race, professional, Hying start,
".paced, prizes $(50, $30 and $10; live-mile
■ invitation, amateur, paced, prizes valued
at $35, $25 and $10, the following to be in
,- vited: Kenna, Mott, Russ, Wing, Deimas,
\ Aihorelle, Vincent, Squire*, Kraft. Smith,
layman, Noonan brothers, • Birdsali,
TKivblin, Murphy of Mountain View, Klotz
'of Val-lejo, Bruce and McCauley of Vallejo,
•.Deacon, Elfurd, Gooch, Fuller and Tantau;
one mile, open, amateur; one mile exhibi
tion .by Olio Ziegler Jr., paced by a quad
. runlet and sextuplet.
■ ■ The Petaiuma track is now in excellent
• condition. An excursion will be run from
.' San Francisco on tbe day of the meet',
. leaving here at 7:30 a. M.'and returning
.from Petaiuma at 5:30 p. m., round-trip
.fare to be $1. ■ j : v.
. Excursions will also run from Santa
.'Koto and fiealdsbnrg. This will be one of
. the biggest meets ever hea in the State,
. and an immense crowd of San Francisco
wheelmen will attend.
• ' The League of American Wheelmen and
California Associated Cycling Clubs have
• indorsed the plans of the Bureau of High
ways of this State, and will work ener
getically to secure the passage of Assem
bly bills 672, 073 and 874, which are '-good
roads" bills, and also an act to amend
section 2653 of the Political Code relative
to property highway »ax, and an act regu
lating the width cf wagon tires. Wheel
men are earnestly requested to use their
. 1 est endeavors and influence with mem
'■ bers of both houses to secure the passage
of these measures.
■ Presidio Baseball Game.
The James D. Phelan Baseball Club defeated
the Presidio Amateurs at the Presidio reser
vat.';:. grounds last Sunday, by - the score
of 12—0. Several members of the San Rated
Stars played with the Amateurs. The James
D. Phe.an Baseball Club would like to hear
irom the Young Swins, who claim the s cond
>&ss amateur championship on tne Pacific
oast. Address Willie Madden. 407 First
treet.
— • — • — • .. •
Fees of notices' Courts, i.
Mayor Phelan has come to the conclusion,
and has so advised Auditor Broderick, that
nothing could come Irom litigation in refer
ence to the foes collected in -the Justices'
courts and not turned in. The salaries were
deducted from the fees. The Auditor has not
approved of the bills ior January owiug to
this iftCt. . '.. ..,,.:.-, >ivY • ■:< 'stir*: <■
'j^ -~~-^~~~~^~-*^iS^*BJ£^ DRY GOODS. ;J^R ;/ V - . ■'A\j:^ l jJ^
~«IJNE§ALED HONEY-SAVING POSSIBILITIES!*
_ _ (
COLORED DRESS GOODS!
.-)ftp 1102 pieces 39-INCH FIGURED MOHAIR SUITING, former price SOc a yard.
mM\J\j j clearance sale price 20c a yard.
2~p I 127 pieces 37-INCH GOOD ALL-WOOL DRESS GOODS, in stripes, plain and !
"L | mixed, former price 50c a yard, clearance sale price 25c a yard.
KA p j 72 pieces 38-INCH ALL-WOOL FRENCH NOVELTY PLAIDS AND CHECKS, j
OKJKj I new and stylish colorings, value for $1 a yard, clearance sale price 50c a yard.
-ftp I 74 pieces 43-INCH FILL ALL-WOOL HIGH-CLASS NOVELTY SUITING, j
OKJKj ; elegant assortment of colorings, former price $1 a yard, clearance sale price
50c a yard.
n-p ] 51 pieces 4S-INCH SUPERIOR ALL-WOOL FANCY SUITING, bright color-
i OKj I ings, former price $1 25 a yard, clearance sale price 75c a yard.
SILK DEPARTMENT!
-~p I 25 pieces BLACK BROCADED GROS-GRAIN SILK, medium designs, regular
OOKj j value 75c a yard, clearance sale price 55c.
6~ p 140 pieces FANCY FIGURED TAFFETA SILK, shaded effects, regular value
*Hj j $l a yard, clearance sale price 869.
7Xp 130 pieces BLACK BROCADED SATIN, medium and larce designs, regular
t OKj j value $1 a yard, clearance sale price 75c a yard.
$1 00 1 20 pieces 24-INCH BLACK SATIN DUCHESSE, extra heavy quality, regu- '
V-*- # — I lar value $1 50 a yard, clearance sale price $1. " "
Q-1 00 I 15 pieces BLACK MOIRE VELOUR, new designs, regular value $1 25 a yard, !
V •*-•— I clearance sale price $1.
BLACK DRESS GOODS!
QXp I 25 pieces 39-INCH FIGURED ENGLISH ALPACA, extra eood value for soc,
OOKj 1 clearance sale price 35c a yard.
j
-ftp | 3 cases 47-INCH EXTRA FINE ALL-WOOL ENGLISH STORM SERGE, in ,
'J\J\a j 3 different wales, worth 75c, clearance sale price 50c a yard.
-ftp ! 27 pieces 46-INCH ALL-WOOL FANCY WEAVES, extra good value for 75c,
u\Jlj j clearance sale price 50c a yard. »
({-p I 19 pieces 52-INCH ALL PURE WOOL ENGLISH CHEVIOT, worth $1, clear- '
ly tK' 1 ance sale price a yard.
/ fff ff MURPHY BUILDING, /
{/{/ Mariet SW, Comer of Jones, /
San Francisoo, '
SCIENTIFIC AID
FOR AGRICULTURE
First Session of Farmer's
Institute Opens
To-Day.
- ,
Lectures on Pastoral Subjects
by Learned Professors
in Order.
lateresting Programmes Prepared for
Both Occasions— Mean of
the Innovation
A Farmers' Institute, under the aus
pices of the University of California, will
be held at Academy of Sciences Hall, be
ginning to-day. There will be two ses
sions, to-day and to-morrow composing
one and February 24 and 25 tbe other.
The committee having the institute in
charge is composed of H. H. Taylor, S. F.
Thorn and Victor L. O'Brien. It has de
voted a great deal of time and earnest
work to the preparation necessary for
such an undertaking, and in great pari
its beneficial results will be due to their
efforts.
In order to obtain a clear comprehen
sion of the purposes of the institute it is
necessary to mention the fact that the
law of the State imposes upon the uni
versity of California a duty to disseminate
that scientific knowledge essential to
the success and prosperity of agriculture.
The university has determined to give
the department of agriculture the atten
tion its importance demands, and in
order to accomplish such object the board
of regents- of t: c university has arranged
to hold fifty meetings, known as larmers'
institutes, in various parts of the State.
It is believed that the subjects discussed
at these institutes and the exchange of
opinion that will take place will not only
be the means of extending the influence
of the university, but will result in iormn
lating and teaching. the most approved
and economical meiho.ls for developing
the resources of the State. Admittance
in all cases will he free.
The following is the programme for the
two sessions to be held iv San Francisco:
Wednesday evening. February 10. 8 o'clock—
1. "The Work ol me College of Agriculture,"
Professor E. W. Hilgard. Professor Hilgard,
who is the head of the College' of Agriculture
and dlrcc'or of the United States experiment
stations, will describe tlio work of the college,
including the Farmers' Institute, showing
what it has done, what it is now doing and
what it proposes to do.
'A. Highways: (a) "Highway Conditions in
California" (Illustrated with stereopticou
views), (6) "The Interest of Municipalities in
Good Koads for Farming Districts/ Marsdeu
Manson, Ph.D., 5.11.C. There are those who
think that the greatest unnecessary burden
which the farmer now boars is the excessive
cost of hauling farm produce and supplies
oyer bad roads, and that the city as well as the
country suffers greatly thereby. Mr. Manson,
State Highway Commissioner, will discuss
these phases of the subject and explain the
measures proposed by the Highway Commis
sioners to remedy this evil.
Thursday evening, February 11, 8 o'clock—
1. "The l Profitable \ Uses of Small Pieces 1 of
Land," Mrs. Harriet X. Conness. This paper
is designed for the benefit of city residents of
small means who. wish they could live on a
farm. Mrs. Conness has been. asked to de
scribe, not so much what other people might
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 10, 1897.
do as what she herself has done with small
pieces of land.
2. "City Farmers' Clubs," Alfred Holman.
Mr. Holman will describe how the farm
owners of other American cities have organ
ized themselves for useful work In the promo
tion of agricultural prosperity, and make some
suggestions looking to similar organizations
in San Francisco.
Wednesday evening, February 24, 8
o'clock— l. "Dairy Bacteria," Professor C. W.
Wood worth. A popular discourse upon the
minute organisms ' which multiply in mils
and milk products; some of them of great
value, others highly injurious and danger
ous—iniormation of direct importance both
to tee housekeeper and the dairyman.
2. "Grasses and Forage Plants for California
Dairymen," Professor E. J. Wickson. The
forage interest is one of the largest in the
world. In a climate of rainless summers
there are some uniavorable conditions which
it is sought to overcome. Professor Wirkson
will describe what progress has b»en made in
this State as a result of the work of the ex
periment stations. While dairymen hare thus
far shown the most active interest in this sub
ject, it Is reaiy as interesting and important
to other farmers as to dairymen.
Thursday evening, February 25, 8 o'clock— l.
"Arid and Humid Lands and the Alkali Prob
lem," Professor E. W. Hilgard. Professor Hil
gard will deal in a broad way with one of the
greatest agricultural problems of Western
America. He will explain the progress thus
far made by the Anglo-Saxon race in dealing
with conditions now faced by it for the first
time, aud which other races have been pow
erless to overcome.
2. "California as a Competitor in the Sugar
Market,", Dr. Julius Koebig. Dr. Koebig, who,
as a consulting chemist and engineer, has been
concerned in the manufacture of beet sugar
both in this country and Europe, will descrite
our exact condition as a competitor for the
sugar trade and give his views of the value of
the sugar industry to the land-owners and
business men of California.
WILL BE CREMATED TO-DAY
Funeral of the I.ale Captain 1.. C. Yon
Buncker Conducted by the Con
federate Veterans.
The funeral of the late Captain L, C.
yon Buncker will be held this afternoon
from his late residence, 730 Post street,
conducted by Camp Johnson, Confederate
Veterans. The remains will be cremated j
at Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
Mr. yon Buncker died on Monday last,
after a long illness. He was a native of
New Orleans, where before the war he
was encaged in the commission business
and was quite wealthy. Upon the break
ing out of hostilities he organized a com
pany of the Twentieth Louisiana Cavalry,
which he commanded with distinction for
two years. Tue regiment became so deci
mated in that time through fighting and
exposure that it became necessary to re
organize it. ) .- '"■::
Captain yon Buncker was promoted at
this time anu sent as major to the Second
Brigade of Ruggles' division, serving in
tbc trans-Mississippi department until
the close of the war. The war left him
; poor. He went >.% Mexico and recouped
hts fortune in the silver mines. Later he
: lost heavily through speculation. He
came to Ran Francisco in the employ of
the Commercial Union Assurance Com
pany, with John Roe Hamilton, in 1873.
Later he became the assistant manager
here under C. F. Mullens as manager.
He had a great many friends in this City.
He was unmarried.
Hastings Kstate Litigation.
Orders of dismissal have been filed in the
suits of William Doolan in his own proper
person and as executor of the estate ol Mar
garetta Doolan against Kyland B. Wallace and
William Giselman, executors of the will of the
late P. Clinton Hustings. These cases have
been in court lor several years. An argument
for dismissal on account of settlement of the
dispute has been signed by Attorner* Piatt <£
Boyue, Crittenden a. Van Wyck and J. D. Sul
livan.
Dipsomaniac Hospital Not Needed.
Mayor Phelan has advised Senator J. H.
Mahoney that San Francisco does not need a
dipsomaniac hospital ata cost of $300,000. A
p«rt of the Mayor's letter is as follows:
"Members of the Board of Health say they can
easily provide a ward for dipsomaniacs in said
hospital, which will obviate the necessity
and expense of a 'Municipal Hospiftit for
Diseases of the Nervous System.' "
* =
To increase this week's output of our Great
Sacrifice Clearance Sale to the enormous extent,
necessary TO MAKE UP FOR THE DELAY OC-
CASIONED BY LAST WEEK'S STORM is a big
undertaking-, but the success of this undertaking
is assured by the RADICAL MEASURES
ADOPTED to bring about the desired result, for
each and every one of the countless lines specially
selected for clearance this week has been marked
down to figures that make them
TRADE-COMPELLING BARGAINS! j
MEN'S FURNISHINGS.
82 dozen MEN'S HEAVY VI-
-IA/> I CUNA MERINO SOCKS, full
IUC I hushed, and with double-spliced
heels and toes, worth 25c a pair.
On special sale at 10c a pair.
75 dozen MEN'S FANCY
MIXED MEDIUM WEIGHT
1 ftlp 1 MERINO SOCKS, full tanished.
U2l> I with double-spliced heels and
toes and In cadet blue, tan and
light shades, extra value for 25c.
Clearance sale price 12><c a pair.
55 dozen MEN'S SUPERIOR
QUALITY CASHMERE
I£2. I LAMB'S -WOOL SOCKS, in
lOjVj I vicuna and fancy shades, with •
doubie-snliced soles, manufac-
turer's price $3 25 a dcz i n.
Clearance sale price 16% c pair. j
?6doz?n MEN'S AUSTRALIAN J
LAMBS-WOOL AND CAM- j
4-1 AA IBL'B-HAIB MIXED UNDER
S>I.VV I SHIRTS and DRAWERS, war-
ranted thoroughly shrunk, ex-
tra value for $1 50. Clearance
Sale price $1 each.
HOSIERY! HOSIERY!
115 dozen LADIES' IMPORTED
BLACK COTTON HOSE, |
ir. I double heels and toes, Herms-
lvC ] dorf dye, regular price 25c.
Clearance Sale price 15c per
pair.
07 drzen LADIES' 4-THREAD
BLACK MACO COTTON HOSE,
9»1» I high-spliced heels, double soles
OD3C I end toes, Hermsdorf dye, regu-
lar price 50c. Clearance Sale
price 33)£C per pair.
65 dozen CHILDREN'S IM-
PORTED BLACK RIBBED
oqi* icashmerk wool hose.
dWiiC I double Knees, hee s, sole?, and i
toes, regular price 50c. wilt be ,
closed out at 'A^ 3 c per pair.
j£^ See "Chronicle" and "Examiner" for additional Bargain Offerings.
FORTY DOLLARS
TO SHOUT HELLO
That Is the Daily Cost to
This City and
County.
Supervisor Rottanzi and the
Mayor Will Talk About
This Fact.
In tbe Meantime the January Bill of
the Telephone Company Is
Held Over Unpaid.
The mere saying of "hello" costs the
City ana County of San Francisco an
nually between $13,000 and $14,000. Last
year, to be exact, San Francisco's official
"hellos" cost $13,937 06. These figures are
dug out of the report of Auditor Broderick,
which no one will deny. That is at the j
rate of $3 80 per hour for every day in the
year, counting a day as ten hours. With j
the Sunday and holiday out it is over $40
per day, which may be considered a little
high, in view of the tact that so few of the
public officials have musical voices and
that times are hard.
"Why should not the City and County
bave telephones free?" This suggestion
has come from ' Supervisor Rottanzi,
chairman of tne Finance Committee.
"The new telephone company," says
Supervisor Rottanzi, "voluntarily offers
free telephones to the City and County as
a condition attendant upon the granting
of its franchise. They will furnish a large
number at first and more as they are
needed.
"At any rate," said the Supervisor, "I
have disapproved of the bill of the tele-,
phone company for January, and have
he dit out. I understand that the com
pany charges different rates to different
persons. The City ought to have a better i
arrangement than It now has. There is
no contract. lam going to have a con
ference with Mayor Phelan about tbis
matter." :• .V*' '•'-■ ','•:■ : -->
Here are some of the items which last
year went to make up the total of nearly
$14,000 for telephone service:
For Auditor.. $118 SO
tor City and County Attorney 164 91
For County Clerk. 26* 10
For Coroner 462 95 '
For Delinquent Tax Collector 39 98 j
For Distric Attorney 177 I
For Justice's Clerk . 7*l*l
For License Collector 100 la
For Mayor 16100
For Police Department 2,481 51
For Receiving Hospital. 73 32
For Recorder 114 80
For She-rift. 663 00 I
For -np-ilntenaent of Streets 177 50 i
For Surveyor , 76 00
For lax Collector 146 78
For Treasurer •••••,• 9152
Auditor Broderick is also satisfied that
some different arrangement ought to be
made. ' -
"A HOLY PHONE."
Tbe salvation Army Will Use It in Its
Work.
A novelty in the use of tbfe phonograph
will be inaugurated by the Salvation
Army. Ibe instrument which has hith
erto proved very popular as a transmitter
of secular songs, recitations, etc, wiil now
■ i
EMBROIDERIES.
AT HALF PRICF.
CAMBRIC GUIPURE EMBROID-
ERY, regular price 10c a yard. C-
Clearance Bale price «)C
CAMBRIC GUIPURE EMBROID-
ERY, regular price 20c a yard. i A fl !
Clearance sale price IVC
CAMBRIC, NAINSOOK AND rl A I
SWISS GUIPURE EMBROID- /iC
ERY, special values at 7J^c, 12>^c, TO j
15c, 2<.'c and 25c per yard. Just half i)\m '.
• reeuiar prices miuZ
■
AT HALF PRICE, XIISSOOK SETS.
FINE NAINSOOK SETS, edging and in- [
sertion to mated, will be offered dur- |
ing tbis bale at balf usual prices.
LADIES' KID GLOVES!
97 dozen 2-CLASP KID GLOVES,
embroidered backs, in dark, me-
dium and tan shades worth regular r>-
sl a pair. Clearance saleprice IwC
100 dozen 4-BUTTON KID GLOVES,
embroidered backs and large but-
tons, in dark and medium tan
shades, also black, worth regular <*}Z -
$1 25 a pair. Clearance sale price. I o\j
97 dozen 8-BUTTON LENGTH
MOUSQUETAIRE UNDRESSED
KID GLOVES, in dark and medium
tun shades, worth regular $1 75 atf>l.oo
pair. Clearance sale price .'...s* —
be loaded with religious hymns, prayeis
and exhortations. X >":
The new idea will be made an adjunct
of ttie mercy box work, and Ensign Lewis,
who is in charge, will nave the first "holy
phone" ready on the 22d inst. lt will be
placed in Metropolitan Hall with a mega
phone attachment, and will afterward ac
company the ensign in his tour over the
State. " AJ-i
M. LIVINGSTON'S OATH.
lie Swears That It Was Not Adminis
tered in the Insolvency Pro
ceedings.
The case of Meyer Livingston, charged
with perjury, is occupying the attention'
of an intelligent jury in Judge Wallace's
court. Livingston and his brother. Max,
filed a petition in insolvency, wherein it
appeared that he had been robbed of $3300.
This statement, was discredited, and the
Livingstons were arrested for perjury and
granted separate trials.
In defense of himself Meyer testified,
under oath, that he never swore to the
affidavit in insolvency. He admitted that
he signed it, but declared that Notary
Public Wheat neglected to administer th«%
usual oath. In this Meyer is corroborated
by his brother. Max.
Mr. Wheat iB dead, and therefore it is
not probable that any contradictory evi
dence will be produced. The case wiil be
decided by the jury to-day. If an acquit
tal is rendered the case against Max Liv
ingston will bo dismissed.
LEGISLATION CONSIDERED
Directors of the C amber of
Commerce Discuss Several
Measures.
President Craig Thanked for His
Efforts Against the Half-
Pilotage Liw
The directors of the Chamber of Com
merce at a meeting yesterday afternoon
adopted a memorial to the State Legisla
ture, for the abolition of the compulsory
half-pilotage law, in so far as it affects
American vessel-'. President Hugh Craig
was unanimously tendered a vote of
thanks for his efforts against the ob
noxious provision while in Sacramento.
The directors also discussed the pro
posed indorsement of the bill at present
before the Legislature, providing for an
appropriation of $70,000 to support a Cali
fornia exhibit at the Omaha Trans-Mts
sissippi Exposition, the sense of the ma
jority favoring a request for a sum suffi
cient to cuarautee the State suitable
representation, but no more. . A J. .--.
The board supported the bill for the
improvement of the waterways of the
State; as also another measure empower
ing tnree-fourths of a jury to return a
verdict in criminal cases.
: A new map now in course of prepara
tion by the executive of the State Devel
opment Committee was submitted by Wil
liam M. Bunker, tbe chairman of that
body. A communication accompanied
the above, in which the committee stated
that it is proposed to issue an edition of
100,000- expressly devoted to this City.
These maps will also include carefully
executed naif-tone cuts, together with a
description of San Francisco, and will be
published, if possible, prior to the carnival
and the Christian Endeavor Convention.
Knocked Uown by a Car.
Victor Voce Fader, 1951 Howard street, was
knocked down by an electric car on Kearny
street yesterday afternoon and escaped with a
contusion and. abrasion of the shoulder and
right arm. As it was thought at first that he
was seriously injured he was sent to the Re
ceiving Hospital. -i -.*.':-.--- . <r- : /j
RI AMk'PTCI We bought about 1500 pairs FINE WHITE
LH-rfrVi >lIVEr I*s 1 WOOL BLANKETS, the entire stock of the
pi A XH/CTC I Stockton Woolen Mills. We cleared out
D L<r\ IAI IV Clo! another large lot from the Oregon City Woolen
Mills. The season was over, and we got them
at about half value. We make prices to sell them, as we realize the cold
weather is nearly passed. These are all fine goods, remember, and at prices
of common makes.
FINE WHITE CALIFORNIA WOOL BLANKETS, fully 6 feet wide (the DO Q w
extra size), cost to make $5 15, but we will sell them at, per pair e^O. JD
HEAVY 10-4 SOLID WEAVE WHITE BLANKETS, cost the mill $4 95, QA ~ft
but our selling price is, per pair o"jc»t)vr
A BETTER GRADE, EXTRA SIZE, FINE BLANKET, the $6 50 article, <£,« n-
but our price is •Vrx- I D
A SUPERFINE WHITE BLANKET, made for very lar*e beds, being 80 Q(* X.i\
inches wide, cost $9 75 to the mill, but we will sell them at tJU.DI/
A SMALL LOT OF THE $15 FINEST GRADE WHITE AUSTRALIAN Ql A (\l\
LAMBS-WOOL BLANKETS, to be closed out at «|SIU.UU
WASH GOODS!
Opened up an Elegant Assortment of French Organdies, Printed Irish
Dimities, Scotch Art Lappets, Printed Dentelle Bretonne, American and
English Batistes, Percales, etc., In select colorings and at our ever popu-
lar prices.
R! A INI K' F* ! *" ast week's successful Blanket Selling will be con-
DiwftlXJVC J*J . tinued this week. Values better than ever. Too
many Blankets, because we closed out the surplus of two mills. Prices
will sell them quick.
LADIES' JACKETS AND CAPES, j
LADIES' TAN COVERT CLOTH JACKETS, 2-bntton box front, lap pock- Q') Q~
ets, former price $7 50 each, clearance sale price t\pO.JD
LADIES' TAN KERSEY JACKETS, half lined with silk, slashed collar On - ft
inlaid with velvet, fly front, former price $12 50 each, clearance sale price V ' »P "
LADIES' TWO-TONED BOUCLE CLOTH CAPES, lined with silk serge.
storm collar and fronts edged with black Thibet fur, former price $8 50 Oi (\-
-each, clearance sale price , y "i. «7<J
SADIES' TWO-TONED ASTRAKHAN CLOTH CAPES, lined with silk
serge, fronts and storm collar edged with black Thibet fur, former price On Q\
$10 each, clearance sale price <, t^JO.Du
LADIES' BLACK PLUSH CAPES, lined with silk serge, handsomely
beaded, storm collar and fronts edged with black Thibet fur, former On -ft
price $12 50 each, clearance sale price V • •«*"
LADIES' BLACK PLUSH CAPES, lined with silk serge, handsomely
beaded, storm collar edged with black Thibet fur, former price $10, QS 7*
clearance sale price yD.lo
/ff/^M^^ MUEPHY BUILDING. /
(/(/ law Slreei comer ol imi /
&jek.lSl PR.AJXTCISCO
FIREBUGS IN THE
BOSTON DAIRY
Deliberate Attempt to Burn
Down the Build
ings.
A Large Roil of Paper Satur
ated With Coal Oil Used
as a Firebrand.
The Police and Fire Marshal Tiwe
Are Investigating tbe Case
ani Have a Clew.
A deliberate attempt to destroy by fire
the Boston Farm Dairy, 217 Seventh
street, is being investigated by the police
and Fire Marshal Towe.
The dairy is a large establishment and
extends from Seventh street through to
Moss street. In the front is the office
and storeroom and in the rear the stables
and hayloft. In the stables are fifteen
valuable horses. The buildings are en
tirely of wood and would burn like tinder.
I Thonde Regli, the can-washer, sleeps
upon the premises in a room leading off
the hayloft to the front. Monday morn
ing about 6:30 o'clock Regli had returned
from having his breakfast in a restaurant,
and he assisted the stableman in hitching
up some horses. Tbe stableman and
I Regli were the only persons on the prem
ises, as by that time all the drivers had
left on their routes. '■>.?*>
After the stableman drove off Regli
went upstairs to his room to change his
clothes. He noticed the glimmer of a
light ln the rear of the loft, but thinking
it came from the window of a house on
Moss street be paid no attention to it.
Regli changed his clothes, and when ne
came out of his room the light had spread
and he knew that something was wrong.
he ran to the rear of IV e loft and discov
ered a big roll of paper burning on one of
the rafters close to the wall. He grabbed
hold of it and tried to blow it out. but
failed. Rushing to a tank he seized a
bucket and soon had the flame extin
guished.
The roll of paper had been steeped in
cor.l oil and had burned about half
through. The rafter had just caught lire,
and if Keek had been a few moments
later in making his discovery tbe proba
bility is that the tire would have got be
yond control.
Regli in that event would have been in
a serious predicament. j His only mode of
retreat would have been cut oft, except by
jumping from a second-story window to
the ground.
The police were notified of the incen
diary attcmDt and yesterday morning
Fire Marshal Towe was communicated
with.
lt is believed that the incendiary was
thoroughly familiar with the premises
CASTORIA
For Infants and Children.
Ths fie- jj
-ilnils ./HX s/ipj? s, "" ls «
-ef K-*utf7% S<ZtcAi4Z wj»pp»&
and Resli's habits. When Regli went
to bis breakfast in the mornings he always
left the stable door, which open » on M 033
street, unlocked until he returned.
Daring the time that Regli was at
breakfast the incendiary had slipped into
the building through the stable door and
had gone into the loft with the saturated
roll of papers. Regli had apparently re
turned sooner than the incendiary ex
pected and it is supposed he had become
alarmed and had thrown the burning
paper on the rafter instead of among the
hay as was presumed to be bis intention.
Then he watched his opportunity and
slipped out while Regli was assisting the
stableman to hitch the horses.
''Of course," said Sanders yesterday,
"I can't say who the incendiary i?, but I
have my suspicions. It could "only have
been done by some one out of revenue,
and I think I have a good idea of the
man. It wonld not do for me to say
wnom I suspect, as I might be wrong, and
if I was right it might defeat the ends of
justice. I will do everything I can to
help the police in finding the calprit."
To guard against a repetition of the at
tempt Sanders will employ a special
watchman, and has ordered Regli in
future not to leave the stable door un
locked when at his breakfast. % ~JA. ",
kew to-dat:
fireT
SMOKE!
WATER!
■
UNDERWRITERS' FORCED
SALE of the Entire Stock of
LADIES', MISSES' and CHIL-
DREN'S JACKETS, SUITS, FURS,
WAISTS, MACKINTOSHES, UN-
DERSKIRTS, etc., of
LOEWENTHAL'S
Cloak and Suit Mouse,
914 Market Street.
t Sale commences Wednesday,
February 10, 1897, at 9:30 A. M.
WEAK MEN AND WOMEN.
JL CURED as if
-?=Ss^^ BY MAGIC.
.filgSrS&fc?^?^ Sen J for book that t9iia
/ff/4'J»)j&TJg^,?^\ ho >■ full Manly or Woman-
iffi^ffilj *^*V/*f< ft ly Vuur is < l v rk! 5' and i' l ' "
. fIHKS ifiPft?i^j?'fl m ii tly iestur»-d. It tells
9BrV^j?\i ■'** ivSs?'aS IIOW sirengtu ii given io
SSfe^T^^kK^^Ssa ever y pari of the body,
§3f£gyy —fj?.di*jßßhr>w to «et health and how
WBfsr jSi V?S*l 0 i-e<\: ii- •""""I free o.i
Wf&r' f%iVv&2/ a PP ticatlo ' 1 "Sealed."
The * iTt * m Electric Co.,
X^rSs^SaJgr 10 ° Stockton Street,
San Fraucisco.
_1_ ■ ; '
NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
KEARNY AND WASHINGTON ST3.— RB-
modeled and renovated. KINO, WAKOica
European plan, ilooma 60c to -*1 50 per day, $
to $8 per weeic $3 to S3O per mum a: irea Oatiu;
hot and cold water every room: lira grate* 14
every room: elevator runs miuixa-
NOTARY PUBLIC.
CHARLES 'H. PHILLII'b. ATTOKNKY-AT-
Law and Notary Habile, 633 MarKet sr., oppo-
site Palace Hotel. Telephone 570. Residence 1023
I'ell street. Telephone "Pine" '.2581.
.. - . ... :-.'.■•"■- —
910
THE COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY OF THE MAKKETS
silver unchanged.
Wneatdull. Freights inactive.
Farley quiet and steady.
Moie demand lor Oats.
Corn and Rye neglected.
Bran advanced. Hay unchanged.
Beans and seeds dull.
Potatoes and Onions sleady.
Vegetab:es quiet.
i.utt°r and Cheese unchanged.
Eggs weak.
Poultry quiet, Game dulL
Apples rather slow.
Oranges sell somewhat better.
Lemons and Limes quiet.
Prunes lower and dull.
Dried Peaches in better request.
Provisions inactive.
Hides doing somewhat belter.
Hops neglected.
Wool In fair shape.
Grain Bags firm.
Coffee quiet.
Oils unchanged.
Hogs advancing. Beef and Mutton steady.
Explanation.
1 lie arrow flies with the wind. The top figures
at station indicate maximum temperature for the
days: those underneath it, If any, the amount of
rainfall, of melted snow In inches and hundredths,
during the past twelve hours. Isobars, or solid
lines, connect pom s of equal air pressure; Iso
therms, or dotted lines, equal temperature. The
word "hiah" means high barometric pressure and
is usually accompanied by fair weather: "low"
refers to low pressure, and is usually preceded
and accompanied by cloudy weather and rains.
"Lows" ally first appear on the Washington
coast. When the pressure is high in the interior
and low along the coast, and the Isobars extend
north and south along the coast, rain is probable:
but wheu the "low" Is inclosed with Isobars. of
marked curvature, rain south of Oregon is improb
able. With a "high" in the vicinity of Idaho, and
the pressure falling to the California coast, warmer
weather may be expected in summer and colder
weather in winter. The reverse of these conditions
will produce an opposite result.
WEATHER BUREAU PORT-
United States Department of Agkicui/- '
TUBE. Weather jbureau. San Francisco, Feb.
P. 1897, 6p. m. Weather condition and general
forecast:
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to date
as compared with those of the same date last sea
son and rainfall during the past twenty-four hours:
Eureka, this season 32.04, last season 24.73,
past twenty-tour hours .00; Red Bluff 18.50, last
season 13.83, past 24 hours .00: San Francisco
16.71, lust season 12.42, past 24; hours .00: Fres
no 7.85. last season 4.09 past 24 hours, .00; san
Luis Obispo 14 99. last season 17.25, past twenty
four hours .00; Los Angeles 11.01, last season
6.91, past 24 hours .00: San Diego 7.25, last sea
son 4.44. past 24 hours .00; Yuma 4.66, last sea
son .46, pas: 24 hours. 00.
Sau Francisco data— Maximum temperature 56,
minimum 45, mean 60.
The piessure has risen slowly over the country
west of the hocky Mountains and rapidly over
the Upper Missouri Valley. Kain has fallen over
Washington and Oregon. The temperature has
remained nearly stationary over the entire coun
try west of the Boeky Mountains. There has
teen a tail of about 15 deg. over -North and South
Dakota and a moderate cold wave is now prevail
ing . here.
A maximum wind velocity of 36 miles per hour
from the southeast is reported at loit Canby.
The river at Sacramento now stands at 24.1 feet,
being a rise of .1 o: a loot since morning.
Forecast made at San Francisco for 30 hours
ending at midnight, February 10, 1897.
Northern California— Fair Wednesday; light
northerly winds.
southern California— Fair Wednesday; light
westerly winds.
Nevada— Fair Wednesday.
Utah— Cloudy Wednesday.
Arizona— Fair Wednesday; continued cool
weather.
San Francisco aDd vicinity— Fair Wednesday;
ligh-. north westerly winds.
Ai.KiAM.iK McAiiiK. Local Forecast Official.
NEW TORK MARKETS.
Financial.
NFW YORK, N. V.. Feb. 0.-Spesulatlon was
extremely dull to-day, with the sole exception of
tbe industrial group in which there was free sell
ing. Sugar had less liquidation. The sharp rise
in Sugar just previous to the close yesterday
roved to have been nothing more than an effort
on the part of certain operators to get short at a
higher line. Tobacco made an equally sharp de
cline, opening at 71' i and later selling at 09%-
Leather preferred yielded about a point. In the
total transactions of 152.053 for the entire list
sugar figured for 46,600 acd Tobacco for 14,600
share
Despite the tes imony of Messrs Havemayer
and Searles of the sugar trust, showing the enor
mous earnings of the property, holders of the
Shares display uneasiness for the fear that the
Lexow investigation will lead to unfavorable legis
lation. The rumor that Cbarles Flint of the rub
ber trust would be called n xt by the committee
caused that stock to decline 2%ft4.V8 The c
were only 977 shares of the preferred stock chang
ing hands. Consolidated gas stock was bold down
on the introduction of a bid authorizing the Board
of Aldermen of New York as to the feasibility of
municipal ownership of gas plants.
Despite the dullness railway stocks held re
markably firm. Reeling was the only stock that
could be called weak and tbe decline In this In
stance was less than a point. As a rule, after
merely fractional concessions at the opening the
prices improved Va@Vs per cent. Lake Shore on
purchases of 500 shares advanced IVa, The
trading 'w sis almost entirely proUssiona'. Specu
lation closed quiet, the tone being steady for the
railway list and weak for Industrials. Net
changes In industrials and coalers show losses of
V4«*» 7 /8. ""gar leading. The railway list scored
advance* of Va@Wa cent. Lake i-.horo leading.
The bond market was strong. Transactions
amounted to $1,941,000. American spirits rose
6' 8 : Brooklyn Elevated firsts rose Ito 63: Union
Eievated sixes, 3 io 71; Chicago, St. Louis and
New Orleans gold fives, 2y 8 to 121: Rio orande
Western fours, % to 733.4; at Paul. Minneapolis
and Man!. oba fours, 1 to 112: Denver and Gulf
Consolidated fives, % to 37. and Union Pacitic
gold sixes, 1% to 101. In Governments 3155000
coupon fours of 1925 sold at 1224faai22%4'- do
roistered at 122 i/ 2 ; $12,000 registered fours of
1907 at 111% and $2000 coupon fours of 1907 at
111%.
Grain.
FLOUR— DuII and steady. Winter wheat, low
grades, $2 30@3 30; fair to fancy, $3 60@4 60- do
patents. $4 75teo: Minnesota dear, $3 60®4
--do straights, $4®4 45: do patents, $4 10®4 15'
low extras. $2 30@3 30; City Mills, $4®5: do
patents, $5@5 26: Rye mxture, $3&3 t)0; su
perfine, $2(g.2 80: fine, $1 ho(<*.' 05.
southern Hour, qule., nteadv : common to fair
extra. $3M)@3tJO: good to choice do. S3 75(ffi4.
Rye flour. 92 60©3. *^
CORNMEAL— steady. Yellow Western. $1 90(32.
RYE— Dull, easy. Western, 34c, cl. I Buffalo
BARLEY— Quiet; leeding 281 a*2BVic, c. i. f'
Buffalo.
WHEAT— spot roark't firm, 81 V a c f. o. b.; un
graded Western, 87fe.-.4i/2C
Options op md easier on lower cables and local
liquidations, rallied ? B (gjic on reports of crop dam
age west, fell 8 c ono closed firm at %c over yes
terday with trading fairly active. Wav and July
FINANCIAL.
CHICAGO GRAIN, PROVISIONS
AND NEW YORK STOCKS.
WMEELOCK & CO.,
m% Leldesdorff St., TeL Main 1054.
CKNTRAL OFFICK
62S Market gt.. Palace Hotel. Purly & Atkinson,
Managers. Tel. Main 6144.
Uptown Oflice— Baldwin Rote! (adjoining Grill
Room). Tel. Main 10 91.
PURDY. ATKINSON & CLAPP, Managers.
Orders instantly executed on latest market quo.
tations.'Refeii-nce Ist National Bank, & F.
CHICAGO PRIVATE WIRE. Ni.W YOUE.
most active. No 2 red February, 85c: sisrch
-86.%c: May 83% c: July, SOc; September, 77 «jfec.
COrtN-JJul, eager; No. 2, 296/ 8 c elevator:
30% C afloat.
Options were dull and weak at %c decline on
easier cables and local realiz'ng. .<iay and July
only t-aded in. February, 28S^c-. May, 29% c:
July, »O%C. . .
OATS-Spots dull. Arm.
options dull, steady, unchanged. February,
216/ 8 c; May, 21% c. July. -2%c
spot prices: No. 2, 21% c: do white. 24c: No.
2 Chicago, 22 Vic; No 3, 20% c; No. 2 white, 2gc;
mixed Western. 21@23c; do while, 21@30c;
white State, 21 @3Uc.
Provisions.
LAPP— Firm: Western steam, $4 10®8 60;
May, 9 4 16; refined dull: Continent, 94 10: south
American, $4 6l>: compound. 4%c
PORK— DuII; mess, *>*t»8 75.
RICE — tirm. fairly active. Domestic, B%@6c:
Japan, 4%@4"/4c
iL'iTEi — Firm. Creamery, lP@2lc; dairy,
13@16c; Elgins. 22; imitation creamery. ll@16c;
cheese— Firm. Part skims, 6®9%c; full
skims, 3@3%c.
EUGB— Irenouse, «2@3 20: limed, 12%@13&
TALLOW— Quiet, i%c: rouniry, 3%®3%r. '
COTTONSEED Ol..— Firm, be.ter demand.
.Crude. 20c: yellow prime. 2 tc.
MOLASSES— Quiet, steady, moderate demand.
New Orleans, 22(532c.
COFFEE— Firm, .'> to 10 points down. February,
89 15; March, 99 20@9 25; May, 50 30; June,
$9 30@9 35; September, $9 40. Spot Kio dull,
steady: No. 7. 9%c.
SUGAR— Quiet, steady; off A, 3%@4c; mold A.
4%c; standard A, 4%c; confectioners' A, 4%c;
cut loaf and crushed, 4%c; powdered, 4%c;
granulated. 4%c; cubes, 4%c.
Fruit nnd Produce.
APRICOTS— Bags, 9@llc.
J 1 aches- Peeled, boxesl2%@lsc; unpee'.ed,
bags 7@9<\
PRUNRS-Four sizes, sc.
RAISING— Two crown L. M., 4%c.; three
crown, 5%@5%c: four crown, 6%@96%c; London
layers. $1 36©1 4 5; clusters, ?! 40(^1 85.
A.MuNDs— Soft shell, 6@bc; paper shell,
11012 c.
WALNUTS— Standard. 7c: do soft shell, 9c.
HOPS— Firm; Paclflc Coast, 3^l 3c.
WOOL— Firm; moderate demand. Domestic
fleece, 16&23 c; pulled. 18@31c; Texas, 7@l2c.
Merchandise.
riGlßON— Moderately active. American, 811
©13.
COPPER— Firm. Lake. $12.
LEAD— Firm. Domestic. »3 22 1 <.®3 32%.
1 1N — Straits, *13 35@13 45; putes, moder
ately steady.
SPELTER— Firm. Domestic. 9l@i 05.
CHICAGO MARKETS.
- CHICAGO. 111., Feb. 9—The market for wheat
was slow this morning. Local trading was the
only business, outsiders apparently dUplayiuz no
interest. While prices during the first half hour
were lower than those of yesterday the tone of
the market was firm. Lower Liverpool justified
the weakness in the start, but Northwestern re- j
ceipts, 352 cars, were also in a degree responsible.
Advices to the effect that spring wheat would
show an Increase from now on were received.
Receipts here were 47 cars, and 45,150 bushels
were taken from store.
Later reports of damage In the Southwest caused
prices to str-ugthen and advance. In this they
were assisted by Liverpool and by good clearances
at the seaboard— 396,o79 bushels Tne closing
continental cables were all lower. Bradstreet's
reported a decrease In the world's stocks of 579.
--000 bushels. May wheat opened from 76' to
76% c. advanced to 77% c, closing at 77%e bid,
£ Vb(!s>'*4C under yesterday.
Estimates receip s for to-morrow 15 car?. No.
2 red spot wheat, 85%@87%c, closing at 86%©
87 %c.
CORN— Displayed firmness, but little activity.
Receipts were 488. A proportion of yesterday's
weakness was undoubtedly due the 'larg- rati
mates; the trices to-day exhibited firmness in pro
portion to the shortage of receipts. Liverpool was
reported %d lower. Exports wen lloeral at
481.733 busuels, withdrawals from store 19.000.
Brads treet' s available stocaa or corn decreased
2,533.000. May torn so.d ai 243 8 --. sold between
24%@24%c, closing at 240241 »c % hi her
than yesterday. Estimated receipts for to-morrow
315 cars.
OATS— Like corn, were firm. '1 he receipts were
102 cars more than expected, 592 cars arriving.
There were no withdrawal from store. Exports
were 50,452 bushels Brad street's reported a de
crease of 172,000 bushels 111 available stocks.
May oats closed %@%c higher. Estimated re
ceipts for to-morrow 260 cars.
FLAX— Was sleady. Northwestern, 7e%c: May,
763 / i@7c; July, 78% c nominal. Receipts were 32
cars.
- PROVISIONS— Grain being firmer and hogs
qnotably a shade higher, product was naturally
Influenced for strength by these speculative « 0:1
--ditlons. At the same time there was an apathy to
trade. May pork ci« s-d 12%®15e higher, May
lard 5c higher nnd May ribs 6c higher.
BUTTER— The butter market was firm to-day,
although offerings were moderate. There was an
active market, buyers taking hold well.
Creameries — Extras. 20% c; firsts, 18® 19c.
seconds, 1 4 @1 6c: imitations, fancy, 13@14c. Dairies
—Extras. 17c: firsts. I4(&15c: seconds. 9(£loc.
Ladles— Extras, 11012 c; firsts. 6%'«9%c; packing
nock-, 8c; grease, 2%@3c; roil butter, lt>@lo%c. i
EGOS— There was a goad demand, receipts were
moderate; the feeling was steady. Fresh stock,
14% cf* dozen.
MONEY— Was AVa'i on call and 6% on time
loans New York exchange sold at 30c discount.
Closing Prices.
WHEAT — February, 78fi 8 -: May. 7734 c:
July, 753/ B e.
CORN— Febrnary. 21%@22c: May, 24@24%c:
July, 25(b,26%c.
OAT; — February. 153 8 c: May, 17%@17%c;
July, 18% c.
PORh— May, $7 80: July, 97 92%.
LARD— May. S3 67%: July. $ > 97%.
RIBS— May, $4 02%; July, $4 07%.
Livestock.
UNION STOCKYARDS, 111.. Feb. 9.-Late
arrivals of cattle ran the Monday receipts to
18,600, and buyers supplied their wants at weak
to 6c lower prices. Receipts 10-day were light.
Monday's and Tuesday's receipts foot up 21,700
against 17,400 for the same portion of last week
and 24,656 for the same time a year ago. It d d
not take long to dispose of the limited offerings
this morning at unchanged pri es. There is a
falling off in receipts of hogs, feeders being
uuwl.ilng to s-ll ireely at ruling prices
Barely 48.000 arrived here 011 Monday und Toes
day, as compared with 74.122 for the first two
days last week, 61.340 a year ago and 109,468
two years ago. To-day's receipts were estimated
at 19,000 bead, and there was not near enough
hogs to go rouni.and buyers were compelled to
pay advanced prices. There Is a good demand
for sheep this week and prices are strong with
smaller receipts. About 14,000 sheep arrived to
day, making a total of 28.500 for Monday and
Tuesday, against 31,000 on the corresponding
week days last week.
CATTLE— Receipts. 3ooo. Fancy beeves, $5 30
@5 40; choice to prime steers. $4 90@5 25; good
to choice steers, 84 50@4 85; medium steers. *4 20
@4 45; fair beef steers. *3 90(&4 la; common beef
steers. $3 60@3 85: good to prime stockers and
feeders. $3 80ift4 15: fair to good stockers and f»ed
ers. $3 26(53 76: bulls, choice to extra. *3 oO(c.:-t 85 .
bulls, poor to (hoi c. $2 25@3 25: cows and heifers,
cnoice to prime. $3 60@4 20; cows, fair to choice,
$2 50@3 60; cows, common to fair canners, $1 80
(j£3 4o; calves, cood to fancy. 9b 5U@3 10: calves,
common to gool, $3 00@5 40: Texas led steers,
93 60<$4 30; Texas cows and bulls, 92 60@3 50;
milkers and springeis, per head, $20@40.
HOGS- Receipts, 19.C00. Heavy packing and
shipping lots, S3 25&3 67%: common to choice
mixed. S3 35-43 55: cnoice assorted. $3 26<a"
3 60; light, $3 401£3 60: pigs. $3 25©3 67%.
SHEEP— Receipts. 14,000. Inferior to choice,
«2 50@4; lambs, $3 6036.
Receipts at Kansas City.
KANSAS CITY. Mo.. Feb. 9 — HOOS — Tt»
celpts. 10,000. Easy. Light an I medium, S3 85
®.l 37%; heavy, $3 30@3 40: pigs, $3483 20
CAT ILK -Receipts, 900. Slow. Native steers,
best, $4 26@4 80; fair to good, $3 76®4 25: cows
and heifers, best, $3@3 50; fair t0g00i,92@3;
Blockers and feeders, S3 75@4 25; Texas western
92 70®4 10: calves, 95@13.
SHEEP— Receipts, 600. Easy.
■ Receipts ac Omaha.
FOUTH OMAHA. Nebb.. Feb. — HOGS-Re
ceipts, 9100. Market strong to 6c higher. Light
and mixed, 93 20@3 35; heavy, $3 2003 40.
CATTLE — Receipts. 3400. steady. Cows.
$1 50@3 60: feeders. $: J @l.
SHj-.EP— Receipts. 24oo; market active, steady.
Western muttons, 93 45@3 85.
KJiW YORK STOCKS.
Bonds, Kxchange, Money and Railroad
Shares.
Money on call easy at 1%@2%; last loan 1%%.
and closing at 1%%. - Prime mercantile paper, Sy.
Sterling exchange active, with actual business in
bangers' bills n; $4 84%@4 86 for 60 days and
94 86^(^4 «6»/i »ur demand. Posted rates. $4 861/2
04 87%. Commercial bills, 94 83J,4®4 84. Bar
silver, o4c. Mexican- dollars, 00»A(ca615/BC. Gov
ernment oonds steady state bonds dull: railroad
bonds firm. Silver a: the board was neglected.
closing stocks. --
Am Tei & Cable... . 87% North American. 4%
Atchison 14% Northern Pacific .' 14« i
Preferred ; 2414 Preferred. . . 37'
Adams Express. .. 148 i Northwestern.... 103fy.
Alton, Terre Haute 66 1 Preferred 163ia
American ExpressllO N V Central 93
American lobacco 69341 N V, Chlcago«fc»i L 11
Preferred 100% Ist preferred 70
Bay state Oas 11 1 2d preferred 2354
Baltimore & Ohio.. 16 X Y&N H 166
Brunswlcit Lands. 3/ 8 |n V 4 New Ent " 37
Buffalo, Roch &P. 16% N V, Suso &W. KL4
Canada Pacific 65% Preferred. ." 26V*
Canada Southern.. 44% Ontario.. »10%
Canton Land 60% Ontario i'Wester'n 143/.
Central Pacific 11 i/ Oregonlmprovmnt
ches a Ohio 17%! Preferred
Chicago A1t0n...'.. 164 Oreeon Navigation 14
Preferred .174 Oregon Short Lino. 15
Chicago, B & Q.... 74S/ 8 l Pacific Mall.. . 21
Chicago* Ki11.... 42 -Peoria. DA Evans 2
Preferri-d 92 Pittsburg A W td. 15
Chicago Ga5........ 77% Puilman Palace.. .154
Clev»<fe Pittsburg. 108 Quicksilver 1
Consolidation Coal. 34 | Preferred... . "" 11
Consolidated Gas.. Reading " 35
CCC St Louis... 27 jEloOrandeAWestn 12
Preferred 74 Preferred . 38 v.
Colo Fuel A Irca.. 25 Rock Island.. 67%
Preferred 90 RomeWaiAOgden.ll7
Cotton on Cert.... llV^ISt L A W.... 361,
Commercial Cable. 150 1 Preferred. "" 9*4
Del Hudson... 107% St Paul " " 75s£
Del Lack.fcWestrn.ls2% Preferred . " i3js?
Denver AR G. 103/ 4 8t Paul <£ Dulntb. 20
Preferred.;....... -".41% Preferred . .85
Di5ti11er5.......;....— ! St Paul A Omaha. 4881
General Electric... 35% Preferred 109
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 10, 1897.
Erie 14ty„|St p M A M 111
Preferred 34 'Silver Certificates. 643/4
Fort Wayne southern Pacific... 15
Great Northern 121 Southern RR »
<;reen Bay 1 Preferred 28
Harlem. 292 Sugar Refinery 111%
Hocking Coal.. H^i Preferred 10 ,' /4
Hocking Valley... 9% Term Coal A Iron..
liomestake 34 1 Preferred — —
HA Texas Central Texas Pacific 9%
Illinois Central 91%|T0l A A A N Mich.
lowa Central. 7 Tot Ohio & Central 20
Preferred 25 I Preferred 60
Kansas A Texas... 13% I'ol st Louis AX 0 5%
Preferred 29, ./ Preferred 18%
Kingston A Perm.. 3 Union Pacific %6%
Lake Erie A Westn 15% U P Den & Gulf.... 1%
Preferred.. 66 U b cordage —
Lake 5h0re. ...... .154 j Preferred
National Lead 22% Guaranteed
Preferred 89 -V S Express 86
Longlsland 46 Leather. 8%
Louisville A Nash. 60 I Preferred 68%
Louisville, Atony %US Rubber 20
Preferred 1% Preferred 72
Manhattan C0n.... 89% Utica A B River.. .l6o
Memphis i Charts 15 "I Wab SL A Pacific. 6%
Mexican Centra:... h^ 4 Preferred 15^4
Michigan Central.. 8»% Wells-Farga 98
Minn AS L Western Cnion.... fc2%
Preferred.. Wisconsin Central. 2
Minn ASt L com.. 19 i Wheeling & L X... 7
lstprefsrred 78 i Preferred 2%
2d deferred 47 ;Am Cotton Oil pfd. 66%
Missouri Paclflc... 22 'W U Beef 6V*
Mobile A Ohio 20 Ann Arbor 8%
Nashville A Chatt. 67% Preferred 26%
National Linseed.. 13 Brooklyn Traction. 28»,i
N J Central 98 :( 4 Erie 2d pfd 28%
Norfolk A Westrn. 11' C American Spirits.. 18%
Prelerred 17% preferred 28%
CIOHIvQ lovia
Ala Class A 45..... 1063 4 Northern Pac lata. 11 6
Do Class 84. 65.104 | Do 2d*. ...
Alabama class C. 98 I Do 3d a 82%
Atchison 4s 82% Doconsol&s 60
D 0 2dsA 48 Or lmprovnini Ist. 85
Canada South 2ds. 107 ' Do 6s 17
Cen Pac lsts of ' 96 . ORAN ist's.' 112%
Cherokee 4s. 1896.104 Doconsol os ....
f °1897 104 Or Short Line 65... 1 16
J^SOH 104 1 Doconsol 5s 76%
Do 1899 104 Pacific '97...
£?*?J*OJyo 65.. .. 110% Pbllatfc Reading 4s 31%
Ch<fcN Tr Rets 6s 42 Do Ist pfd lncom. 45
D C 3-665. 100 R Grande West lsts 733,4
Den AKG Ist 11l st Ld:lronMtOenss 76
„ Do « 88 St Li s Gen da.112%
5 r J?,? < l? «6 Sl Paul Consols.... 131
Ft WiDenClty lsts 67 st PCA Pa lsts. .1 %
Ui 1 *A A tf » 103% so Carolina 41. ba.. 107 1 4
 Do A? 7i t>6%|Sonibera X 80a... 89%
Gen Eiec Deb 55... 96 1 Do Pac Cal Isis.. 108
HA rex Cent 85... low Term new 3s 77
Do con 61 102 Texas Racists..... b7%
lf>wa Central lsts.. M%>Texa« Pac i*ds 21%
Kansas Pa Consols 75 Union Pac lsts 96.104'
Es Pa lsts Den Dlvl 16 \V s4s reg of 122%
LnCousol4s 95% Do 4s, coupon. ... 122%
Missouri funding... C S 4s reg of 1907. 11 1%
M '1 2ds 69% lx>4a. c0up0n.. ..112V2
.**>*» 84 ! Do2s 95U.
Mobile A Ohio 45.. 67% Do reg 113%
-Mutual Union .111% Do 6*. coupon.... 111%
> J Cent Cen ..117% Va funding deot... 62
N.l C AS: Louis 45105 : Do registered. ...
Nor A West Oen 65120 Do deferred 65.. 6
N Carolina con 4s. 101 Do trust rcpt sepd 5
.. L>otia 122 I Wabash Ist 6s 107
P<orihwestCousols. 140 West Shore 4a 108
sxtavb 6s 111 I
FOREIGN MARKETS,
WHEAT IS LIVERPOOL.
LIVERPOOL, En-0., Feb. 9.— The spot market
Is quiet at 6s 7%d. Cargoes are steady at 345, sell
era. prompt shipment.
nmnua
The Produce Exchange cable gives the following
Uverpool quotations lor No. 2 Red Winter: Feb
ruary. 6s 4 d; MaiCh. 6a A d: May, 6s 6' ad:
July, 6s 4%u.
PECI'RITIKS.
LONDON, Eno.. leb. 9.— Consols. 112 11-16; sil
ver, 29» /4 d; French Rentes. 102f 75c.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
sterling Exchange, 60 days. _ * 4 86%
Sterling Exchange, sight " — 4KS'/,
Sterling Cables — 489
New York Exchange, sight...;. ."." — Jo
New ■* ork Exchange, telegraphic — 22%
Fine silver, per ounce — 648?
Mexican Dollars... . 62 12%
PRODUCE MAfiKET.
WHEAT AND OTUJKIi GRAINS.
WHEAT FREIOHTS-Spot charters are now
only occasionally drawn and rates are nominal,
lhe chartered wheat fltet in port has a registered
tonnage of 18,200. against 45,b00 tons on the Bam»
date last year; disengaged 99,600 ions, against
50,100; on tne way to this port, 194,300 tons
against 109.. 00.
WHEAT- Northwestern Miller of February
5 says: -In India, according to the latest cabled
accoinls, the prospects are bad, owing to the lack
of winter rains, though it is probable that there
will not be so serious a failure as a onetime
seemed likely. Latest official accounts, dated De
cember 24, give 11,560,000 against 15,744,000
acres in lb9b-96 as the acreage sown in the four
principal divisions of India. The probability I?,
therefore, after all. that there will be 17,000,' 00
acres under Wheat In all India this year, which, a
an ordinary yield « acre, would mean a total crop
of 17.000,000 to 13,000.000 quar eis. This is a
serious falling off, compared witn the aye age In
dian cro .. which in years pievlous to 1*96 was
about 30,000.000 quarters l.at year's crop It
may be men. oned, was or.lv 22,000,000 quarters.
Under these circumstances it would not surprise
me to find India again entering the field as un im
porter ot Wheat before very long. The Australian
crop news is still to the effect that a certain quan
tity of foreign Whi at will have to he imported. "
The market rules dull, botn on and off call.
Neither shippers nor millers are doing much.
Quoted at «1 32%©1 37% for common grades
*1 3KS.4<£l 40 for average Na 1, »1 41%®1 42v»
for choice and *1 47%®l 62% V ell tor extra
choice milling.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Bsanosr — 9:18 o'clock— No sales.
Shcoxii -session — May — 4000 ctis, 61 37Li- i
18.000. $1 57%: 14,000. $1 37:^. *J X al *' I
Hhoilar Mormso session— December— 6000 1
Ctls. 61 A-lVa- M.y- 10,000, $1 37i/ 2 ; 26,000
91 37%; 46.000, 6. 57»4. /2 ' ».w«. ,
Aftkrxoon session — May — 22,000 ctls, j
$1 37 5 /±<:
BARi.EY-The mamet Is steady, but the de- '
mand is not active, Peed, 75&80 ci* ctl; Brewing,
2 @92^c 9 ctl. •'
(AI.L BOAKD SALES.
Informal Mission— 9:l6 o'clock— No sales.
Second session— No sales.
ItiiGt'LAß Moknino. session — December— 2000 !
ctls, 787/ B e. May- 10,000.
Afternoon Session — December— 4000 ctls, '
78 Vise
OaTS-Dealers report rather more demand. !
«*,! 1 . 7,^\ fVsm 45 f ctl: Common !
While, $I®l 10: choice, $1 16@;1 35, according to i
quality. .black for feed, 95c<g$l 06: for seed, $1 10
fei 25: (Iray, $1 15(«1 30; Red, $1 1048120; Sur- '
prise. 91 45@1 65 * ctl.
CORN— Fast continues to send us large
quantises and the mar.et Is accordingly de
pressed. Large Yellow. 76@77iAc: Small Round
do, 60c; White, 76@77i£c > ctl.
RYE— Dull, as usual, with ample offerings, at
87Vfeia.92V< s c ctL B '
BCCK HEAT-Quot«>d at $1 15@1 25 otL
FLOUR AND MILLSTUPFS.
Flour h quiet, both on local and export account.
Miiistuffi sell along as usual.
FLOUR— Net cash prices are: Family extras,
$4 BS©4 95; Bakers' extras, $4 75®4 85; Super
fine $4(S 1 35 f. obi.
CORNMEAL, ETC.— Feed "Corn, $17@17 60-
Cracked Corn. $17 50^18 f, ton.
MILLSTUFFS- Prices In sacks are as follows,
usual discount to the trade: Oraham Flour $2 85
■ 100 as: Rye Flour, $2 75 3":100 Ibe: Bice' Flour
ib 76: Cornmeal. $2 35: extra cream da S3-'
oatmeal, $3 nO: Oat Croats. *4: Hominy, $3 10
©3 30: Buckwheat. Flour, $3 2»@3 50; Cracked
heat. $3 50: Farina, $4; Whole Wheat Flour
$3: Rolled Oats (bbls), $6 So@s 90; Pearl Barley,
*3 (684; Split Peas, $3 60; Green do, $4 25 ii
100 lbs. •
HAY AM) FEKOSTCFFS.
Bran Is advanced 50c. Ray shows no change.
BRAN— $13*13 50 forthe best and $12@12 50
f. ton for outside brands.
MIDDLINOS-018SS19 for lower trades and
$20@20 60 f ton for the best. «'««» " a
FEEDSTUFFS - Foiled Barley, $17 60@1R-
Oilcake Meal at the mill, $26 60 V ton; joDbinz."
I f27 60; clipped Oats, $1 3i(*l 50 f, i tl.
HAY— Wheat, $t"@ll; heat and Oat, $7ffl ;
10: Oat, $6@9; Barley. $7@B 50; River Bariey
jts'6 50: Alfalfa. $6@7 On; compressed. $66fi
9 60; stock, »5@6: liver. $o#B *A ton.
STRAW— 26&50 C f bale.
BEANS AND .SEEDS.
There is no trade either in Beans or Seeds. Dried
Peas are nominal.
BEANS- Bayos, $1 60@l 60 f ctl; Small
Whites, $1 15(3,1 25 V cil; Large Whites, $lf*l 15 f
cll;Pnks, $1 10#1 26: Beds, $1 1001 20: Black
eye, $1 10@1 16: Red Kidney. $2 60: Limns, $1 70
641 90. Butlers, $1 26®1 50; Tea, $1 1 s@l 30.
— Brown Mustard. $2 50® 2 75: Yellow
Mustard, $1 754*2 Veil: Flax, $1 36©1 40 Canary
Seed, I*^(o,:.' V&c * Ib: Alfalfa, bVic; Rape. ZVa&
4 C; Hemp, oc; Timothy. 4^jc. v
dried Pk.as— NUes, $l(gil 20* ctl; Green.
$1 40@1 00 %i ett
POTATOES, LNION*. VEGETABLES.
Considerable change in a small way appears here
and there among the quotations.
POTATOES— New Potatoes, 2@2 V>c fl lb: Sweet
Potatoes, $1 26@1 75. Early Rose. 75@H5c: River
Reds.76@Bse; Burbank Seedlings, f ctl for
Fivers, uOc@sl 10 lor Salinas and 7.Tfg,9oc for
Petal mas; Oregon Burbanks, 86c@$l 10.
ONIONS— SI 60@2 f» ctl: Cut Onions, 75c(d>
$1 *:>; Oregons, $2@2 25.
VEGETABLES— Hothouse encumbers. 60c@$l'
f dozen: Asparagus, 12i/j(d;-'sc ft lb: Rhubarb.
— - f- box; Los: Angeles- summer Squash, 65
(<aßsc f, box; Los Angeles Green Peppers, 40®
SOc: Mushrooms. t&2oc f It>; Marrowfat squash.
$5(»« ft ton; Los Angeles Tomatoes. 50c@$i ■»
box: Dried Peppers. 7&Bc f. lb; E<ic Plan , 15k*
20c f G>; Green Peas. 2®4c V&>: Los Angeles
String Beans. 6®loc; Dried Okra, B®9c f, lb; Cab
bage. 40@60c *ctl; Carrots, 2 6® 11 sack: Gar
lic, lU.-a.2C ft lb. . . • .
BUTTER, CHEESE' AND EGGS.
BUTTER— The market . runs along about the
same. ■ -.'.
Creamery— Fancy Creameries. 2]®22c; special
ma. still higher: seconds. 18®19c f lb. <■.'-. ■-. ■
Dairy- Fancy rolls, 15@16c; squares, 17c ft lb;
good to choice. 13@14c: lower grades. 10®'. 2%c.
I'iCKLKD— 13@14c '$ lb for old and 17(jal 18c ior
new. - ...
Firkin— l3@l4c «i lb for old and 17@18c for
new.
Creamery Ten- 16@17c 9 lb.
CHEESE— No further change. Choice mild new,
10c f* lb; common to good old, B.'<£9c \? lb;
Cream Cheddar, ll@l2c "& lb; Young America,
lie; Western, limine: Eastern. 14®14%c f* lb.
EGGs— Weak. Receipts continue to Increase.
Ranch Eggs. 16@17%c: store Eggs, 14@15c; East
ern, 13@14c va ooz. "*■-■*..■ •
. POULTRY AND GAME.
POULTRY— The market Is quiet at about the
old prices- A car of Eastern will be offered to-day.
Live Turkeys, 14@16c %l lb for Oobolers. 14®
15c » lb for Hens: Dressed Turkeys, 16918 c?* lb:
Geese, * pair, $1 50@1 75: Goslings, 92 60(33;
Ducks, 84 60®6 50 for old and $6®7 for young:
'Hens, $4@5; Roosters, young. 86<gi6 .V dozen;
do, old, $4: Fryers. $5&5 50; Broilers, (4 50@5 for
large and $3 60@4 for small; Pigeons, 52(y,2 25
>! doz for young and $1 26 for old.
GAME— English >nlpe are quotable at 92 60:
Jack snipe, $150 * dozen: Hare, $1; Rabbits,
$1 60 for Cottontails and $I©l 25 for small; Cray
Geese. $2 60; While Geese, $1 ; Brant, $1 25; Honk
ers, $3 .".O.i I ,
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Apples are quiet and rather easy, but no lower.
Apples, 90c@$l V box for choice, $1 25®1 50 for
fancy Red, 60(»76c fur common; Eastern. $1 60
(0,3 '?> bbl.
BERRIES—
Eastern Cranberries are slow at «6@7 9 bbl.
CITRUS FRUITS— The peddlers are .lowly re
ducing the piles of Oranges. Lemons and Limes are
dull. Navel (.ranges. $2®2 75; seedlings. $I@l 25:
cemons. 76c@$t 25 for common and $1 60,0.2 tor
good to choice; Mexican Limes, $h®s 60: Califor
nia Limes, $1 60@1 75; Bananas, $I®2 ii bunch:
Pineapples, $2@4 V doz.
DRIED FRUITS, RAISINS, NUTS, ETC.
Prunes are lower and dull. There is some de
mand for Peaches.
DRIED FRUITS— Quotations on the Fruit Ex
change are nominally as follows:
Carload Lots— Apricots are quotable at 6@9c
for Royals and 11%@12c for choice to fancy Moor
parks; Prunes, 3®3%c for tbe 4 sizes. Peaches,
4@5%c for prime to choice, 6%®7c fur fancy and
9(8>10o for peeled in boxes; Apples, 6@5%s for
evaporated and 2@2%c for sun-dried; Pears, 2%
_(tsc for prime to choice, 4®5%c for quarters anu
6®6%c for halves; Plums, 4c for pitted and l%c
for unpitted; Nectarines. 3%@4%c for choice and
6%c ior fancy; Wulte Figs, 3c; Black Figs, 2%
(H'J'aC. "
Jobbino Tricks— Peaches, 4%@5%c ft tt>;
fancy, 6%®7%c ?* Ib; peeled. 12% f lb. Apri
cots, 6%®90 V* lb: taucv, 10c: Moorparks. 12®
)3c; evaporated Apples. 6%c: sun-dried. 2%@3c;
Prunes, 3%c for the 4 sizes: Figs, black, 3c for I
impressed and 3®3%c for pressed: white Figs, 4c: J
Plums, 4%iftsc for pitted and I%c for unpitted: j
Nectarine* 4(£6c V lb for prime to lancy; Pears,
2%(iif>c for whole, 4%(i£5%c tor quarters and
4%fc46%c tor halves.
RAISINS—
Carload Pricks — Four- crown, loose, 6%c; ;
three-crown, 4%c \f, lb; two-crown, 3%c '%* 16;
seedless sultana*, 6%0; seedless Muscatel 1. 4%c;
three-crown London layers, $1 15: clusters, $1 60;
Lehesa clusters, $2 60; Imperial clusters. $3; i
dried Grapes. 3c a lb.
Jobbino Pricks— san Fbancisco— Four-crown,
loose, 5%c: 3-crown, 4*4 c; 2-crown, 3 s /ic: seed
less Sultanas, 6%c; seedless Muscatels, 4%c;
3-crown London layers, $1 25; clusters, $1 60;
Dehtsa clusters, $2 76: Imperial clusters, $3 25.
NUTS— Chestnuts quotable at 8($10c: Walnuts.
6%(&70 if. lb for standard and 9(&9%c ¥ lb for
sottshell; Almonds, 6®6%c for Lauguedoc, 3®
3%c for hardshell and tts9c 9 lb for paper- shell;
Peanuts, 4®6c p tt) for t- astern ana 4c for Cali
fornia; Hickory Nuts, 6®>>c a* lb; Pecans, 7%®
8c lb; Filberts, 7%@Bc; Brazil Nuts, 7%(£Sc;
Cocoanuts, $6(a.5 £0 %i 100.
HONEY— Comb, 10®12%c for bright and 6@9c
for lower grades: water-white extracted, 6<05%c: I
light amber extracted 4'/-(ij4 : i*c; Cans kiuin.',
4(ffi4%c: dark, 2ta3c ft lb."
BEESWAX— 22@25c ft lb.
PROVISION'S.
All descriptions are dull.
1 I RED MEATS— Bacon, 6c ?. lb for heavy, 7c
%* lb for light medium, 9%c ior light, 10c £ lb for
extra light and 11 %c f* lb for sugar-cuied East
ern sugar-cured Hams, 12@12%c: California
Hams, 10®10%c: Mess Beef, $7®7 60: extra
mess da £b®B 60: family do, $8 60010; extra
prime Pork. $7 60 @ 8: extra clear, $16 $ bbl;
mess. Si V bbl: smoked Beef. 10c 'f. lb.
LA RD— Eastern, tierce*, is quoted at 6%c for
compound and 6®6%c for puie: palls, 7c:'».'nlll
fornli; tierce*. 5®5%>- & lb for compound and 6%c
for pure: ha:f-bDl*, 6 : ; 4 c. 10-lb tins, 7%c: do, 6-ib.
7 Vie 'sf, lb.
Cul 6@6%c in tierces and7»iOS%c
In 10- lb tins.
HIDES, TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS.
The *- hoe anl Leather Review of Chicago says:
"The pacicer Hide market closed a shade stronger.
A good many Hides were bought, and these, with
the large salt of last week, have greatly depleted
stocks. -.Branded Hides of all kinds except heavy
Texas ana Dun-branded steers are completely sold
up. eight Hides of ail sorts are scarce and the de
mand cannot be supplied."
HIDE-. AND SKINS— The local market is
steadier. Culls and orand* sell lc & lb under sound
stock. Heavy salted steers quotable at 8c f) lb:
medium. 7c ii lb: U-ht, be V lb: Cowhides, 6c
salted Kip. 6c %i lb: salted C'u'.f. 7®Sc: salted
Veal, CiiTc: dry Hides. 12@13c **«.: culls and
brands. 9®loc: dry Kip and Veal.9oiOc: dry Calf.
Ike; culls. 10c; Goatskins, 20gb35c each: Kids.
6c: Deerskins, good summer, 25c ?» lb: medium,
20c; winter, 10c; Sheepskins, shearlings, 10<5i20c
each; short wool. 25&35ceach; medium, 30®45c
each; long wools. 40®60c each.
TaLIOW— No. 1, rendered, 3®3V4C; Na 2, 2%c;
refined, Sc; Urease, 2c V tt>.
WOOL— The maritet is in fair shape, considering
the dull time*. We quote Fall Wool: Free
northern, 7®B%c fi lb: middle counties, free. 5%@
7c: do, defective, 4%®6c: San Joaquin. 3®sc: uo,
foothill, 6®7c: Eastern Oregon. 7®loc; Valley
Oregon, fall and lambs', 10011 c 9 tb
HOPs— Neglected at &s,oc lor lair to choice and
9©loc V- lb for fancy.
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags, spot, sc; Jane- j
July delivery, 6c: San Quentin, $4 75; Wool |
Ba*s. 24%@26%C.
COAL— Wellington. Ss fi ton: New Wellington,
JH »i ton: souibtield Wellington. $7 50 V ton;
Seattle, $5 60: Brvant, *5 60; Coos Bay, $4 75;
Wallsend, $6 60; scotch. : Brymbo, ; Cum
berland. $13 50 in bulk and $16 1" sacks; Penn
sylvania, Anthracite Egg, *lliil2 ton: Welsh
Anthracite. $8@10; Cannel. $8 V ton; Rock
Springs, Castle <*ate and Pleasant Valley, $7 60;
Coke. $11® 12 in bulk and Bit '1, ton in ska.
CANNED FRUlT?— Cherries, black or red.
2%-tt>, extra, *2 'vh doz; White Cherries 2%!!,
extra, $2 50: 2'..-!ti standards, $2 10: Peaches
Yellow, free, $1 llXgd 50; Apricots— ©Sl 05:
Raspberries, $1 75; strawberr.es, $1 75.
CANNED VEGETABLE: — Tomatoes. 70c fii
dozen. 2%-lb tins. Peas— sl@l 25 ft dozen.
COFFEE— quote:
Costa Rica— 10%@20%c nom. for good 10 •
prime; 17%®19c nom. for good mixed with black i
be.ins. 16®i/cnom. for fair; 12®15%c nom. for 1
common to ordinary. "
Salvador— ;s(<Jl9c for good to prime washed :
l£%®l7%cfor lair washed; 19®20c lor good to |
prime washed peaberry: 16®16%0 for superior un- j
washed: 16%cfor go d unwashed; lb®ls%cfor
good to prime unwashed peaberry.
OIATKMAI.A AND -M 21®21%C f> lb' for
prime to stric ly prime washed new crop; 20% '
A2o%c for god to a rictly good washed i.c a crop: j
19%® Oc fi lb for fair washed new crop: j
18%«519c for good washed old crop: 16®18%c j
lor fair washed old crop; 13® 15c for medium
old crop: ll®l3c 'p lb lor ordinary old crop; 80
10% c tor interior to common old crop: 19%@20%c
I for good to prime washed peaberry o.d crop;
18@18%c for good to prime unwashed peaberry
old crop.
FISH — Paclflc Cod. catch of 1896, 100- lb cases.
4%c Ib 50-Ib bundles, 3%c; Boneless, 6V4C:
! Middles. b%c: Blocks, sc; Deslcca ed, SOc ft doz;
I Pacili Herrlmr 15c '*% box: Dutch do. 9bcfcDSl 10
I * keg; Whiteflsh, Sl 60 in huH-bbls and $1 75 Hi
I kits; Tongues and bounds, $12: Mackerel, bbls—
I No. 1, $20; No. 2, $18 50: No. 3. $17: half-bbls—
No. 1, $909 50: No. 2. $8 5009: No. 3, $8 50;
kits-No. 1. $1 50: No. 2. $1 25; No. 3, $1.
QUICKSILVER- $37 50 \A flask.
OlL— v aiifornla Castor oil, cases. Na -1, 95c; ]
bbls, 90a V gal (manufacturers' rales); Linseed
Oil, in bois, boiled, 3Sc; do taw," 36c; cases, 3c
more; Lard Oil, extra winter strained, bbls, 65c;
No. 1, 45c; cases, 6c higher; China Nut, 45@32c
! ft gallon.
j PET ROLEUM,GASOLINE,ETC.-The Standard
I Oil Co's price list is as follows: Water-white Coal
I Oil, in bulk, lie: Pearl 11. in cases. 17c; Astral do.
J7c: star, do, 17c; Extra tar oil, cases, 21c:
Elaine, do, 22c: Eocene, do. 19c; Deodorized Stove
(Gasoline, In bulk, li%c: do, in cases. 17c. 63"
I Deodorized Naphtha, iii bulk. 10% c: 63° do. ln j
j cases, 161 1■ ; 86° Oasollne. in bulk. 20c; 86° do. in j
I cases. 25c p gal. WBltt ! '
WHITE L.EAW -Quoted at 5%@51/,c f. tt).
RED LEAD-Quotableat 61,400% If* lb.
TURPENTINE— In cases, 41c; in iron barrels,
39c: In wooden barrels. lc ft Ox.
CaNDcE' — standard oil Com nany quotes
as follows: Electric Lights-6's, 16 07., 7%c: 14 oz,
flJJic: 12 oz, 6c; lOoz, 6%c. Granites— 6's, 16 os.
B%c; 14 07., 71'ijc; 12 oz, 7c; 10 oz, 6V40.
LEATHER— Harness, heavy, is quotable at
3?®35c ■ %*. Ib: do medium, 28c: do lignt, 24®26c:
Rough Lea her, 19®21c: Kips, $40046 >> per doz;
Calf, 70®90c: Rough Splits,- B^.9c; Belt-gnife
Splits. lt@,l4c: Collar Leather, black, 11%@13c
ft 1001: do,- russet, 11%@13c: skirting Leather,
32%@35cfi lb. •
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Company
quotes, terms net cash*. Cube and Crushed, b%c;
Powdered.be; Pine Crushed, • 6%c; Dry Granu
lated, 4« jc: Confectioners' A, 4%c: Magnolia A,
4c; Extra C, 3%c: Golden C, 3JJic; balf barrels
%c more than barrels, and boxes %>: more.
SAN FRANCISCO SIKAT MARKET.
Dogs have again advanced and are firm. No
Change ln Beef and Mutton. Wholesale rates for
dressed stock from slaughterers are as follows:
BEEF— First quality. 606 %c; 'second, 5@5%c,
third do. 4@4%c V H- . ■■•
VEAL— Large, e@7c; small. 708 c & lb.
MLT ION — Wethers, 6%®7c: Ewe* 6@6%c
V lb.
LAMB— Spring. 10@12%c tt lb.
PORK— Live Hogs, 3%@*%c fi lb for large and
3%03%c for small and medium: dressed do, 4%
@5%c t* lb.
WOOD,' LUMBER, ETC.
o Posts, 9@loc each for No. 1 and 6%©Be for No.
2; Redwood, $5 fi cord; Oak, rough, $6 30; peeled,
$9; Pine, $5 75.
TANBARK-sl4 per cord.
LLMuER— Rates are nominal.
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
TOR 24 HOURS.
Flour, qr sks ... 6,784 Bran, 5k5........ 250
Washington... 2,016 Hay. tons _ 316
Wheat, .... 620 Straw, tons. 27
Washington... 6.-0 Butter. cus..._ 194
Barley, cus..._ . 1,335 Cheese. cu5......
Beans, sks 260 Eggs, dos „. 14.220
Corn, ctU-.. ; 15 II idea no _ 601
Eastern 1,200 Pelts, bdls. ..... 320
Oats.ctls. Wine, gals...._ 89,600
Washington... 400 Lime, bbls - 81
Potatoes, sics.... 6,363 Quicksilver, fl«i 40
Onions, sas.. _ Wool. his 88
Middlings, ssri.. 640 Washington... 3
• — m — •
THE STOCK MA&KET.
Mining stocks were firmer again yesterday, as
will be seen by the sales, but business was not
brisk. ,:;.; ./..:. ; -,^-
The Reward mine of Inyo County recently
shipped bullion valued at $1750 and twelve tons
Of concentr.it; s valued at acout $150 per ton.
Tbe present output of the Builion-Beck mine,
that has already paid $1,967,000 in dividends, is
reported at 300 tons a day. Of this amount it Is
said that IOJ ions will vied from 20 to 30 per
cent lead and irom 100 to 250 ounces ln silver.
Assessments rending,
Following Isa list of assessment now pending:
*»vuge PI }>U Jan 24 .Feb 10
Utali 24 05!.Keb 14 .Mch »
Bullion 4»- It .Feb 14 .Mch 11
Silver King 16 ls|.Kpb lb .Mch 29
Eureka 14 Ss.FeblK.Mch 16
Julia 'i* Of: .Feb 21 .Mch If
Best <fe Belcher at Feb 26 .Mch 23
Andes. 4S 10 .Mt'h 1 Mch 19
OpWr 7i 2! Mch 8 .Mch 80
1i0A..1. aJaSS.
Following were the tales ln the San Francisoo
Ptcck Hoard yesterday:
RBGDLAB MORNING SESSION, rnVUEXCINS 9:30
200 Andes 131150 CC&V...2.001200 Potosl 46
700 Belcher... 28 100 C P0int.. ..28 400 Savage.... 44
20J 8A8..-. . 68100 Exchr Obi 60 -43
300 671100 Ophir 88 50J X JaSKM.,BI
600 Choir 86] |
AKTKRNOON SESSION— 2:3O.
200 B&B 71 200 Mxic. 41:300 Occdl 14
IOU Choir. ....92,100 42100 P0t051. ...49
80CC&V...2.15 JOON G AC. .30 150 U Ny 39
200 « AC 250 25 200 40
100 Holmes.. 15|160 Ophlr 94 100 Utah... ...03
Following were the saloi in the Pacific Slock
Boafd yesterday:
BEODLAR SKSSION— IO:3O.
300 Alpha.. 10 SOU C Imp 01 1300 0phir.... 91
200 Alta 06600 02300 92
400 Ande5. ...13600 Con V...02 ! 500 0vrmn....12
200 8e1cher.. ..21- 10.) c I'otnL .. S'jl'2oo Potosl 45
200 BAB 6^ 200 29 200 46
600 6! !iOO Exchqr.. 03 500 47
800 70 100 AC 46.200 48
1400 72 tOO .....47 6 0 Ravage.... 45
500 71 250 700 46
401) 8u11i0n.... .0J HAN1.07%|500 Scorplon..o2
200 Caleda li JJO 1.061200 8AM. ..08
300 Chllnge...s (300 Justice. -05 3 '0 09
250 Chollar. ..SbUOO Kentuck..o2 30) .Nov 39
500 99 3UOO L Wash..ol|looo 8 Hill.. -01
700 CCaV... 2.00 600 Mcx 42 100 Stnrd... 1.65
200 2.1.2 100 Occd 13 400 Union 37
400 2.05 100 ..:... ...12% 300 39
250 2.07% 200 1.400 40
400 2.1 i lOOOpnlr 88 IOJ Utah-. ..-04
100 2% 200 9J6OJ i'JtMSfc.^3l
150 cond ...Li. I I
imiRNOON SESSION— 2:3O.
200 Alrim 0 200 CCAV...2.10 450 Ophlr 92*
30') Andes. ...l 3 660 2y 8 700 ....„ 93
200 14600 2.151300 0vrmn....12
60 Eelcner...29; 50 Confl 1.071 200 13
400 BAB 71200 CrwnPt..29 ! -01 Potosi 49
| 300....- 72,300 mac 4711JJ t»vaHe....46
40J 70150 HAN 1.07% -'00 SNev..... 39
2uo Pn1110n....04 200 Justice. ..05U0J Stnrd. ..1.65
300 Caleda.... 11 300 Kentuk....o:- -OJ Union... .
200 Challge... 60 200 Mexican. .4 .00 Utah 04
30 » Choir 92 500 Occldtl.... 1-1 iOJ V Jw»1,...31
300 90, I
ti-OULNo «>UOTATIONS.
TUESDAY, Feb. 0.1r.H,
J-lrt. AlXrrf.i
Alpha 00n..... "9 11 £ta.Atie*A.
Alta. 04 06|Jnlla — 05
Andes. a. 14 15jJustlc& .^, 03 04
Belcher 28 29. Keutuck. ..... 02 13
Best & belcher 71 72' Lady Wash.... Oi 12
Benton C0a.... 15 lb Mexican 41 42
Bullion ........ 03 06' Nevada IHMt 04 —
Caledonia. li 14 Occidental..... 11 12
Chollar 91 92 0ph1r..., 92 93
Con. cal A 2. 10 2.16 ; Overman...... 12 13'
Challenge Con. 60 63 t'oiosL „ 46 48
Con. imperial. 01 tv ravage. ...... 46 47
Confidence.... 1.05 1.10 scorpion _ 02 OS
lon New Yok — lb Belcher... 08 09
Crown Point.. 29 30!-ilver H11L.... — ti
EasiSlerraN«7 — 14 -lerr* Nevada, 39 40
EnrekaCon.- — VO -standard 1.60 1.65
fcxeheauer 03 04 syndicate. ..„ 02 14
l)OUiu«i;urry. 46 47 .niou Coa . 39 40
A.fcica.Norcral.os Ll. Utah o2 03
Jackson — 26! i'tuu* msSsmVmm. 30 32
tlOC*v AND BOND EXCHANGE.
TUESDAY. Feb. 9 2 p.m.
rNIT«I> bTAXja BOXUj.
JHrtAttkea.t t -;,.,-^r,;, SUS. AtktA.
C S4s eooo.lil'.is — U Sis reg... 10» 110%
Do new issuel22 — | ,>.;-,»' -ji>s--
MISCKUtANKorrs onv-is.
Cal-stCbless.Uo% — .Oak Gas 65.. - 104
Cal Elec L 6sl2J 131 Do 2d 13 . . 109% 1 10 %
C'ntraCWss 94 95 iimntous tts.. 1213/^122%
Dpnt-stex-cp — »-7% p&0 Ry 65.. — 113
EdsnLAPtis - 123, P<fcCh 6s. — 103
FACHRR6sIO4% - iPwl-st RR 6i114 119
Gearv-st RfislOU — |heno, WLAL — 10j
H C&S 5 %s. 103 — fcacto &L. - 100
1 ■..* Aiur I. 6* — 100 bF&NPR6<.. 1005/glOl
DoGnteed 6s — 101 |&PRRArizßi 91% —
MKt-stCble6sl22% - bPRRCaI6».II2 -
DoßyC'on 85.1061/4107 SPRRcalss. — 100
I NatVtn6s Ist — 100 >PBrßCal6s. 97% 98%
NevC.Ngß7s.lo3 105 |s»V Water 6s. 120 120%
NRy Cal 6s. 100 — NY Water 1u0%1u0%
NRy Cat 6s. - 95 StktnG<SE6* — 101%
W4TKH STOCKS.
Contra Costa 54% 35 Vsl^prng Valley 17% 97S a
Marin Ca.... — 62 j *r'" :,,;7- .
6*l AND ELECTRIC BTOCKS.
CapitaL .— 25 1 Pac as Imp 91 9134
Central 98% — Pacific Light — 49%
Edison Light 126% — ,-an 1- rancsco — 98«, x
M Elec Light 8% 9-1-i Stockton — ao
Oak GLAH 64 54' , a |
nmauci BTOCKI. I
Flreman'sFdl77% — |Snn _ _
COMUCIIOIAIi »a*k irtfVJKl.
AnglO-Ca1.... 61 68 IFirst Nattonll80«4l86
Baußof C'a1..235%240 . LondonPAA.l273 /i IBO
CalsDATColU7%loß%[MerchEx.... IJ —
■AVISOS l-.ANK KTOCKi.
OerSALCo.. - 1450 A Loan.. _ 106
HumbSAL.llOO — ISe<'urltv...^.24l —
Mutual 33 — iL'aiou Trust. 815 —
hi- say Union — 476 |
bTRRKT RAILROArt «T<r"'CS.
California.... IC6 110 |OakSL<fcHa7 — 100
Grary-5t....- — 60 Presidio 4 —
Market-5t..,. 43 45%
row i..-.. KTOCKt
Atlantic D... 16 17 'Giant C0n..., 31 s.i 32
California.... 75 — 'VlgorlU 50c 1
Eastern D..- 80 »7%
MIHCKLLANKOOS btocki.
Alaska Pkrs. 103%104 |Nat Vln Co. _ *%
Her Lead Co. . 0 .CO [OceanlcSSCo 24 26%
HawC&SCa. It % 17% Aux FA — 4
Hutch SPco 24% 25 IPacßoraxCa 94 —
Ex Assn.. — ilo |ParfPalntCo — 7
SALES — lIOBIUJM auiU4.
Foarfl—
15 Hutchinson SP Ca ..iu.' 24 87%
"25 Market-st Rauwav 43 25'
$1000 OaKland Gas Bonds, 2d.. 109 50
165 Giant Powder Con 32 00 .
83 do do 31 75
to do do ....„ 31 j.714,
10 S F Gaslight t>« 50
20 V Water U7 as
$1000 S F A N P Railway Bonds 100 82%
>-iieei — .
$1000 S P Branch Railway Bonds. 97 76
KAl.t>-Allilll.\,nl« .iii.jl,
Poard— ' ''.A '■-'.
25 AiasKa Packers' Association 103 63%
10 Bank of California 289 00
til Ulan: Powder Con... .... '.. 32 (if)
)00 Oceanic S SCO  .'.'.".. 25 60
$1000 SF & N P Railway Bonds 100 62%
EEAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
John W. and Ella D. Northup to Marcus Tash,
lot on N line of Bush street, 231:3 W of Websier
W by N 90; 810.
Wallace and Agnes B. Bradford to Milton F.
Gabbs, lot on W line of spruce street, 67 S of Clay,
525 by W 100: $10.
James D and Sarah F. Thornton to Mary L.
1 Jut ms lot on W line of Spruce street, 82 S of Clay,
S 10 by W 100: *10.
John H. and Sophie Meredith and Colin M.
Smith to Theodore H. Hlttell, all Interest In lot
on N line of Washington street. 211:9 W of
Cherry. E 132:7, NE 129:-', w 133:9, s 10 begin
ning: $10. -•--.:..-"
- ■ Vincent Nigro to Ruffian Nigro, record 1718 d.
847, lot on SW line of Ninth street, 125 NW of
Brvant. NW 25 by SW 100; $10.
J. M. Sheaff and Amos Mcartney' to Alice J.
Ve.na Henrietta Robinson and Grace C. Fortune,
lot on SE corner of Seventeen lh and 1 Capp streets.
E 20 by * 100, quitclaim deed; $10.
Thomas and Ann isreei to same, same, quit
claim deed: $10. .
stefano Rov^gno to Rose Rovegno, lot on SE
line of Market street. 39:6 of I iiteenth, thence
parallel with Sanchez 74.4, rt' 2:8%, N 68:6^8.
NE 9:1%; also lot on s line of Fifteenth street,
175 W or Sharon, W :8%, aw 39:6, » 74:4, E
30:9, N 100: $10. -
Christine and Hans Peterson to Richard J.
Sweeney, lot on N line of Twenty-second street,
255 W of Noe. W 25 by N 114; $10.
Peter Harney to Rosell Harney, lot on SW cor
ner of Twenty-fifth and Castro streets, W 80 by 8
64; ciftand $10.
- Davldc and Angela Flgone to Pletro Demattel,
rerecord 1693, deed 131. lot on W line of Sonoma
pUce, 57:6 H of Union (100:6 W of Kearny). B 20
by W 37: $10.. . . - • -....'-,
--. Pletro and Maria Demattei to Vincenzo Barletta.
same; $10.
Belle Munter (Solomon) to Theresa Posener. lot
on U tine of Hyde street. 117:6 N of O'Earrell, N
20 by E 95; *10.
Herman. Posener to same, same: gift.
Theresa Posener (Solomon) io Belle Munter, lot
on X line of Hyde street. 97:6 N of O'Farrell, N
■M by E 95: also lot on SW line of steuart street,
100 WW of Mission, IS W 20 by SW 91:8; SlO.
Charles Miim»r to same, same (2 pieces); Gift.
Sarah V. larr ibee to Anna Lushing, lot
line of Sacramento street, 113:9 E of Larkin, E
2a:9 by N 127:6: »10.
i Edward J. Le Breton to Oliver C. Haslett, lot on
NE line of First street, 206:3 SE of Harrison, SE
68:9 by NE 137:6: $10.
Clarence F. and Henrietta Y. Jones to Margaret
M. Mem. lot on N Tine of A street, 110 Eof
Twenty-eighth avenue, E 10 by N 125; $10.;
J. J. Bauer, Robert H. Delari'ld and E. M. Gal
vinby George H. Buckingham referee, to R. T.
Harding, lot on. NW- Mne : C street and
Thirty -second av-nnfe. W 240, N 600, E 226 SE
19:2, s 586:8; 300.
R. T. and Louis M. Harding to Thomas H.
Palache ai.d F. J. Devlin, lot on W line of
Thlrtv-t bird avenue, 200 Sof B street, S 200 by W
120: $10. „_
Same to Win slow Anderson, lot on N W corner of
0 street and Thirty-second avenue, W 10<:6, N
-.00, W 12:6, N TOO, E 120, S 200: $10.
Felix C'oh) to R. D. Laidlaw. lot on W line of
Twenty-ei'.-hth avenue, 275 Not X sireet, W 1-0
by N 25; $5.
W. M. and Mao* E. Fitzhugh to Clemens Hay
nert, lot on SW corner of Foerster and Thirty
third streets. W 128:4. 8 68.408. B 125:3. N 77:9,
lots 1. 2 and 3, block 123, sunnyside Addition 1 ;
9-0.
Frank Tompklnson to Henry J. or Patrick H.
Anson, lot 9. block 14. Flint Tract; also lots 137,
139, 141. 113, 145, Holliday Map A: $5.
John B. R. Cooper to Martha cooper, lot on S\v
line of Ninth avenue. 225 KE of Ii street. SE 37:8
by >W 200. telng portion of lots 5 and 12, block
190, South san Francisco Homestead and Railroad
Association: gift.
Robert Hall to Edward M. Lone, lot on \V line
of Diamond street, between surrey and Sussex,
being lot 10. block 4, Castro-street Addition, as
per map of subdivision 1; 95. »
Jones, Allen A Ca to Samuel N. Dv Bois, lot on
N W line of Arlington street, 576 SW of Roanoke,
SW 30 by NW 76, being lot li. Jones Addition,
Fairmouut: 10. ;'■ :.'. ■ ■ i '* ;'*'"'
Mary K. Hill to Benjamin Healey, lot on E line
of henery street, 262 Nof Randall, N3l by E
126, Falrmount Tract; $10.
Edward J. Mason to Mary A. Welch, undivided
half of lot on E line of View avenue and SE line of
Alta alley, NE 126:1, SE 89. SW 165:5, NW 66:3,
lot 3, block 14, Market-street Homestead Associa
tion; $10.
Henry F. Burns to Henry J. Gruuerholz. lot on
W corner of Francis and Mission streets, SW 60 by
NW 100, Academy Tract: $10.
AIAMEDI COUNTY.
Mountain View Cemetery Association to Albert
E. Crane, lot 204 in plot 12. Mountain View Ceme
tery. Oakland Township: 842. .
Isaac H. and Emma Miller to Emma A. Terry,
lot 13. block 31, resubJivislon of smith's subdi
vision of the Matte ws Tract. Berkeley; $5.
David symmes to J. S'hussler, lot on SE line of
Rodwood avenue, 246.93 SW of Tobler street, SE
125. SW 35.94, SE lib. SW 96.18. NW 260, NX
13212 to beginning, being lots 9 to 12, 64 and 55,
and NE. 12 feet of lot 8, NE .12 feet of lo 66 and
SW 24.06 feet of lot 53, Eruitvale Parle Tract,
Brooklyn Township: $10.
Isyraance Keal Estate and Investment Com
pany to C. R. Moser. lots IS and 19. block S.
amended map of Moss '1 ract, Brooklyn Townsbip:
$10.
Oscar P. Beggren to C. F. T. Steinberg, lot on the
NW line of Fremont avenue, 190 NE of Fourteenth
street, NE 50 by NW 1401 being lot 12, block A,
corrected map Linda Rosa Tract. Brooklyn Town
ship: $10. t
Henry B. Meyerto Mary Meyer, lot on N line of
Haste street, 505 W of Shattuck avenue. W 50 by
N 136, being a portion of Barker Tract, Berkeley;
$10.
Jobn M. and May Robertson to O. S. Lindon,
undivided half Interest in lot C. block 53, Alameda
Park Homestead, Alameda; $10....-
M. Williamson to Cornelia Welsh, lot on SW
line of Lincoln avenue. 100 NW of Court street,
NW 50 by SW 130, being lot 3. Johnson Tract,
Alameda, subject to mortgage: $10.
llattie B. Unsworth to John O'Brien, lot on N
line of Clinton avenue, 400 W of oak street, W 60
by N 150, being lot 1 , block P, lands adjacent to
Encinal, Alameda: $10.
O. C. and i-lnette E. Miller to Henry C. Camti
bell, lot on NE corner of West Fifth and Adeline
streets, E 62:6, N 101:3, W to a point. S 101:3, to
beg.nnlng, Oakland; also lot on N line of West
Filth street. 314 £ of Adeline, E 164 by N 102,
Oakland; $10.
li. c. and Ellie A. Campbell to Mack Webber,
lot on N line of West Flit i street, 414 E of Ade
line. E 64 by N 102. Oakland: $10.
Mack Webber to Annie Collins, lot on W line of
West Fifth street, 478 E of Adeline, W 25, N 102,
E 25. S 102 to beginning, Oakland: $10
Snlvatore Moresi to David Moresi. lot on N line
of Page street. 65 VV of Third, W 62 by N 100,
being lots 20 and 21, block 32, Tract B, Berkeley
L. and T. I. Association, Berkeley; also lot on
N E corner of Page and Second streets, E 29 by N
100, being lot 27, bice* 32 . same; $10.
The romantic gondolas of Venice are be
ing rapidly displaced by little steamboats.
THK CALL, CALENDAR.
February, 1897.
fi ,1
1 j 2
I
8 9
16 18
ifjiij
2'J 23
I
3
10
I 17
11
|
18
—
«
8
12 j
17
19
Sa. Moon's Phases
6 'H\ New Moon.
__!<© I>b. l.
| J 3 Quartei
W' F?b. 9.
20
I /V) Full Moon.
27 vg; F " bl7 _
At —^
1 (7** La Quarter.
j'^ Feb. 23.
14
.'1
26 |
,26
OCEAN STEAMERS.
Dates of Departure From Pan Francisco.
HTKAMKR
iTIKSTINATrriN. I
Uravs Harbor, i ]
Vie & I'gt Snd ! 1
i Newport I i
Portlana ' 1
san D'.<»eo. ... 1
China Japan 1
Coos iiav 1
Hamboldtßat I]
i Hulling Hay. | 1
I vic<ft Pitt sna i
Panama. ]
Newport ]
Coos Bar i
Oregon ports.. ]
ban Dlezo '. 1 1
Port an i . : I
*<UL«.
PIKB.
r*unoi ..
Umatllla.... '
Coo* bar.. . . i
U.W.Elder.
Mexico
City Peking
Cznrln*
Corona
Kara! ion i
City Puebia
San Jose....
K-.r--K.-i '
A real* j
ABlancnard
|Fet> 10.12 11 Pier i
Feb 10, 9 am Pier 9
1 reb 11. Cam Pier 11
! F«b 1 •_'. ioam I Pier 24
Feb 13.11 aw I Pit 11
Feb 13. IfiiP M SS
FeD IK. 6pm Pier 8
I Feb 13. Vr»i P.ttc j
; Keb 14. 9a v Kler 2
Feb 15. Hah Pier 9
Fib 16.12 m P M 3S
Feb 16, Sam Pier 11
»->b 16.1 m Plerli
Feb 16. SUm Pier 13
jFeo 17.11 am ' Pier 11
; Feh IT.IUam I'lnr 24
Queen
Btaieor Cal.
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
- t "akkb | Pro if j~~ Lor
Crescem City... Crescent City
Truckee j foreland ..
Cleone Crescent City
Mexico • >an Diego...
Alameia Sydney
North Forte. ... Humboldl Bay
Czarina ! Coos Bay
san Mateo ; Com ox .".....
Corona 1 1 urn bold. Bay.
I 'trail on ', Vaqulna Bay..
Eureka. : Newport.....; ;.
Wellington... . Departure Bay
Mackinaw Tacoma
State of Cai i Portlana. ,
Doric i China and Japan
City of Para... | Panama
Allceßlanchard ■ Portland
Arcata Coos 8ay.....
Walla Walia. .. Victoria A- FugetSounl
Qneen I Ban Dieso
Orizaba j Mexico ;
Coos Bay Newport.
Australia : Honolnin
..pen in
..Feb 10
..Feo 11
..Feo 11
..Feb 11
...Feu 11
..Feo 12
..Feb l!|
..Feb 12
..Feb 12
..FeD 13
..Feb 1.1
.F.-b IS
..Keb 14
..Feb 14
..Feb 14
i ..Feb 14
! ..Keb 14
..Feb 15
, ..Feb 1 5
..Feb 15
Ken 17
Fob 17
SUN, MOO * AND TIDE.
Uxitkd States Coast and Geodetic BtrmvitY
Times and Hkiohts of Hior and Low
Waters at Fo-tT Point, Extras-cm to
Kan Fbancisco Bay. Published by Offi
cial Authority ok the superintendent.
Note— The high and low waters occur at the
City Front (Mission-street Wharf) about twenty
five minii.es later than at Fort Point; the height
of tide is th» same a: both place*.
February— lß97.
Wednesda-. Feb vary 10.
Pan rtsss 7.05 i Moon rises.
Sunsets 5 44 Moon sets. '.'.'."'. tl.iZxxs
I Time peet Fe?t Tjme Feet Tune -
B H >v ■' >v H . I. W
11 6.12 4.51 1.2:^
V 2 6 001 4.4 ' 207
L Wj B VV I
13 1.00 ! S2 706;
14 2.10! 3.0 8.08
15' 3.071 1i.9 9.C6!
16; 4.01 1 -2.6 10 01
".3 9.01 3 211L68
1-0.1 9.50! 36 .
I* Wl H W
i 4.7 2.4 V i— o.4 10.^6
4.9, 3.30—0.6 10 B!S
B.o| 4.11 i— o.7 ; 11.26!
I 6.0| 4.62|-0.5j11.83i
i 3.
.....
8.8
4.0
4.4
4.6
.jy~™ he, ,he 1 ? V 8 exposition of the tides ths
early morning tides * re given In the left hand
column, and the successive tides of the day in the
order of occurrence as to time. The second tlms
column gives the second tide of the day. the third
time column tto third "de, and the last or right
band column gives the last tide of the day, except
when there are but three tides, as sometime*
iccurs. ia« heights given are additions to the
soundings on the United States Coast Survey
charts, except when a minus sign (— ) precedes ths
height, and then , the number given is subtractlvs
trom the depth given by the charts.
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
_ A branch of the United States Hvdrographle
Office located In th* Merchants' Exchange is
maintained in San Francisco for the benefit of
mariners without regard to nationality and free of
expense.
Navigators are cordially Invited to Ylilt tba
office, where complete sets of charts and sailing
directions of the world are kept on hand tor - com
parison and reference, and the latest information
oan always be obtained regarding lights, dangers
to navigation and all matters of Interest to ocean
commerce
Ths time ball on top of the building on Tele
graph Hid is hoisted about ten minutes before
noon, and ls dropped at noon. 120tb meridian, by
telegraphic signal ■ received each day from the
United States Naval Observatory a. Mare Island.
Cal. . ■ . , » -. .. .
- A notice stating whether the time ball waa
dropped on time, or giving the error, if any, la
published the same- day oy the afternoon paper*
and by the morning papers the following dar.
W. 8. Hushes, •
Lieutenant, C. B. N„ in charga
The Time Ball.
' **AIfCH HTOTMBAPHIO OmOH, tT. *. X- V
Merchants' Kxchaxs* v
Bas Francisco. February 9. 1897. )
Tha time ball on. Tetegraon ilia was aroitpel
exactly ac noon to-day— a, at noon of tbe l'J Ota
uiundlau, or exactly M M r. Jt, Greenwich lima.
aggfesaagn W. & hushes.
Lieutenant U. S. N„ in charge.
on N
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
Arrive I. - »
TUESDAY. Februarys
Btmr Geo Loomls. Brldgett, 87 hours from Ven
tura: oil, to order. Up river direct.
Stmr Navarro, Duggan, 20 hours from Fort,
Bragg; lumber, to ,Orsy, & Mitc.ielL Up riven
direct. . I
Stmr Geo W Elder, Lewis, 69 hours from Port-1
land, via Astoria 51 hours; mdsr, to Oregon
Railway and Navigation Co. "
Stmr Coos Bay. Hai'. 78 hours from New
port. etc: pass and mdse. to Goodall. Perkins & Co
Stmr City of Everett. Laverge. 3% days irom
Nanaimo: 3552 tons coal, to John P.osenfeld'a
Sons. ! •'--•. .
Stmr City of Puebla, Debney, 59 hours from
Victoria and Puget Sound ports; pass and mdse to
GoodaU, Perkins A Co. '
' v-iesrel.
TUESDAY, February 9.
Stn?r Umatilla, Hun cr, Victoria ami Porn own
send; Goodall, Perkins A Co. a
Stmr Corona. Doran, Eureka; Goodall, Pernin, *
Stmr Willamette. Holmes, Nanaimo: Oremn
Imp Co. ',.. k "
Haw bur* Santiago, Johnson. Hllo: J D anrerir
els * Bros Co. PrecK-
Schr R W Bartlett, Olsen. Hllo; J D Rprecuei.
A Bros Co. r v»c, a
Scbr Mangled C Russ, jacobsen, Chamnerico- o
A Hooper & ca '
"TUESDAY. February 9.
TUESDAY, Februarys.
, Stmr Areata. Cousins. Coos Bay.
Stmr. Queen, Alexander, San Diego and wav
ports. *
Stmr Czarina, Seaman, Coos Bay.
st iur Corona, Doran, Eureka
Ptmr Glpsv. Leland. Santa crux.
Stmr Progreso. Storrs, Seattle.
Stmr Alliance. Hardwick, Coos Bay,
Stmr Alcazar, Gunderson.
Stmr Alcatraz, Carlson. ,
Stmr santa Crur, Nicolson. Port Harford.
Stmr Willamette. Holmes, Nanaimo. '
Stmr Empire, Reed, ions Bay.
. Stmr Del Norte. Stockfleth, Grays Harbor.
Stmr Whitesooro. Johnson. " ,
Haw bark Santiago. Joanson. Hllo.
schr Pearl, Koehier, -'and Point.
«chr R W Bartlett. Olten, Hllo.
Schr Rio Rey, Crangle '
Schr Mawet-ma. smith. Port Hadlock.'
Schr Newark. Beck, mo wens Landing.
. Tel«i»ra»»liio.
POINT LOPT». Feb. 9 -I J p. Jt-Wea'hae
cloudy: wind NW; velocity 6 mile*.
Charters
The schr Albert Meyer loads mdse for Kahululs
schr R W Bartltt. sugar at Hilofor this port: Ger
bark Ardgowan, lumber on the Sound for Valpa
raiso, 32s t>d: bktn Kllkltat, lumber at Port Gam
ble, for Honolulu; Br ship Manx King, lumber on
the sound for sonth Africa, 555: schr Mary Dodge,
lumber at New Whatcom, lor Kahului: bark Ma
tilda, lumber at Port Blakeley for Honolulu.
Spok«n. /
Per Geo W Elder-I-'eb 8. schr D C Lawrence
with 25 sealskins. All well.
Jan 7— Lat 12 30 S, long »4 50 W. ship Charmer
from New York, for san Francisco.
Miscellaneous.
Tug left Norfolk Feb 8 for St Thomas to tow
ship Slotram to Baltimore.
i)iiiii.«ti.-! ""or" i.
GREENWOOD-Salled Feb 9-Stmr National
City, for San Pedro.
KOCKPORT— Arrived Feb 9-3tmr Scotia, bee
Feb B. - . .'s -: ...
PORT GAMBLE— Arrived Feb 9-Sctir Reior
te.\ from San Pedro. ... - -
PORT li ADLOCIv- Arrived Feb 9-Bgtn Port
land, from Sau Pedro; schr Lilliebonne. from
Amap&la.
sailed Feb 9— Bktn Retriever, for San Francisco
PORT TOWNSEN D-sal:ed Feb 9-Br ship Kate
Thomas, for Australia; Br ship Peugwern, for
Australia. ■•-■.'..
COOS BAY— Arrived Feb 9-Stmr Czarina, hnce
Feb 7.
sailed Feb 9— Schr Daisy Rowe, for Ban Fran
cisco.
NAVARRO- Arrived Feb 9-Stmr Weeott. bee
Feb 7.
TATOOSH-Paased Feb 8-Bark Harvard, from
Port Townsend, for Valparaiso,
PORT BLAKELEY— Arrived Feb 9— Haw bark
Diamond Head, hence Jan 31.
HUENEME— Arrived F.-b 8-Schr Barbara
Hernster, from Bowens Landing, to sail FeD 9 for
Ventura.
ASTORlA— Arrived Feb 9— Stmr State of Cali
fornia, hence Feb 7.
sailed Feb 9— s mm Truckee and Alice Blanch
ard, fjr san Francisco.
PORT TOWNSEND-Arrlved Feb 9— Bark Alex
McNeil, hence Feb 12.
SEATTLE— Arrived Feb 9-Schr Wm Ronton,
from Newport.
Foreign Ports.
MELBOURNE-Arrlved Feb 6-Bark Chas B
Ken ney, hence Nov 27. i
BRISTOL-Arnved Feb B— Br ship Brynhilda,
from Oregon.
BIRKENHEAD— Arrived Feb 8-Brshlp Har
land, from Oregon.
FLEETWOOD-Arrlved Feb 7-Br ship Falls of
Afton. hence Oct 2.
HULL— Arrived Feb -Br ship Achnashle, hee
Sept 15.
HONG KONG- Arrived Feb 5-Br stmr Mon
mouthshire from Astoria
LIVERPOOL— Arrived Feb 7— Brshlp Wynn
stav, lie nee Sept 30.
NEWCASTLE. NSW— Arrived Feb 7-Br ship
Falls of Foyer*, to load for san Francisco.
. sailed Jan 16— Brshlp Red Ro-k, for San Fran
cisco. A. * '■■;
QUEENSTOWN— SaiIed Feb 7— Hal ship V S
Ciampa for Belfast; Br baric Ravenscourt, for
Fleetwood. '■■ Ai.i-
Movements of Trans- Atlantic Ste%m-»ri-
NEW YORK— Sailed Feb 9-Stmr Alter, for
Bremen.
Importations.
VICTORIA— Per City of Pueb!a-142 bdls hides.
3 sks wool. 2 pkgi mdse, 1 bx machinery. 1 bid
steamer model, 1 pkg folders, 2 pkgs express.
Vancouver via C P R R— s cs grease, 2 cs N E
wood powder, 1 bx P bars, 6 piano plate*, 1 cs
hardwire, 1 re lumber, I cs linens, lb c* dry
goods, 5 cs co.ton shirts, 43 cs cigarettes, 70 cs to
bacco, 161 cs boots and shoes, 76 cs hats, 43 cs
hosiery. 1 cs X underwear, 9 cs knit goofs, 1 cs
corset bones, 1 cs flannels, 23 eh underwear.
Seattle via G N Ry— 33 bxs bluestone. 1 bx P
chips, 1 table. 270 sks flour, 1 bx rubber goods.
Port Townsend— ls4 bdls hides. 8 sks peas, 1 sic
coin.
Seattle— 4oo sks oats, 1 bdl curtaim, 3 bxs type
writers, 6 bxs fish. 1 sk ore, 5 tubi 1 cs sugar, *76
bbls lime, 608 tons coal, 2 sks coin, 2 pkgs express,
1 lot household goods, 52 sks bones, 1 cs glass IS
cs extracts. 6 pkgs mdse, 1 cs shoes, 213 bits
hides.
West of Fargo via Tacoms— 6oo sks 40 hf-sks
flour.
New Whatcom— lbx mdse, 1 pkg printed mat
ter.
Jun 'an— l pkg mdse.
Tacoma— l cs cigars, 200 bars bullion, 469 sks
wheat, 613 tons coal.
Everett — 23 bxs nails, 38 bdls ore sacks, 700
bars bullion, 22 roils 1207 bd.s paper, 1 cs cheese.
PORT LAND and ASTORIA- Per Geo W Elder
—2720 sks potatoes. 306 sks onions, 2427 sks
flour, 120 bales flour,4s* sks wheat, 3007 sks oat*.
201 roils paper, 44 bdls hoops, 67 sks flaxseed. 47
sits sulphur, 1 sk coin. 317 bdls shooks, 6133 ft
Imub r. 72 sks oysters, 32 bdls green hides, 91
Idls salt hid's. 199 bills skins.
NEWPORT— Per Coos Bay- 1 cs clothing. 81
bxs oranges, 23 cseggs, 6b bxs lemons, 10 bxs
limes.
Hueneme— l bx butter, les eggs.
East San Pedro— 6o bbls tar, 65 pkgs mdse, 32
crts cbll.es.
San Pedro— l6 pkgs furniture, Isk clothing, 15
C 3 tobacco. 12 pkgs mdse, 11 pkgs dried chilies.
Ventura— 84 bxs lemons, 281 bxs oranges, Ibx
butter, 1 sk walnuts, 215 pugs mdse, l cs dry
goods.
Port Harford— l bx snice, 35 bxs butter, 25 pkgs
furniture. 34 cs e.-gs, 1 1 cs che.'se, Ics olive oil, 6
pkgs mdse, 14 bxs tish.
San Simeon — 1 cs cheese, 74 bxs butter, 9 csks
whale oil, 4 nkgs mdse, 6 c* eggs.
oaviota— 3 ms butter, 7 sk-, crawfish.
Santa Barbara— 64 bxs lemons. 1 bx butter.
Carplnterla— l crt trees.
Cayucos— 7s bxs butter, scs cheese, 13 cs eggs,
2 pkgs mdse, 26 dressed calves.
Monterey— l bx fruit.
Consignees.
Per City of PueDla— American Tobacco Co: 3 U-A
Meyer A Bk-os ; Buckingham, Hecht A Co: P Ber^f
win & Bros: Blsslnger <& Co: Thomas Lougbrao; -
Murphy, Grant* Co; Cahn, Nlckelsburg A Co: The
Viavl Co; Selby Smelting and Lead Co; TrlestA
Co; Stratham A Co. J Piiedlande & co; Tatum
A Bowen; Wells. Fargo & Co; A Paladlnl: Union
Iron Works; Haas Bros; Feiicher: Sunset
Seed and Plant Co: M M Stern; F Chevalier A Co;
MM Stern; R J Franklin; H W Hlggim; E C
DalleyACo; F Chevalier A Co: Wyciioff, teaman
«fcCo: J B lugu;ha: Wm Mackl?: W P Wheeler;
H Cowell A Co: Fredericksburg Brewery; Geo W
McNear: Oregon Imp Co: Langley & Michaels: G
H Young: Hills Bros; Merrill Mill Co; J Wieland;
Tacirtc Fertilizer Co; Oregon Imp Co: J A Fo.ger
A Co: T E Black well; Lacnman * Jacobl: Oscar
Fan as; The Butlerlok Pub Co; Q San^uenettl; S P
Milling Co: Michalilsf ke Bro*: Pac Ammonia Co;
Tacoma Grain Co; Blake, Mofflf A Towne. John
O Smith; South Ranter Coal Co; Kowalsky A Co;
Dunham. Carrigan A Co; Stetson- henuer Drayage
Co: Blake, Moflitt & Towne: W G R.cnardson.
Peroeo W cidr— Wolf & Son: Dalton Broil L
J agger; Jonn F English; McDonougti .v Runyon:
Moore, Ferguson <& Co; Erlanger A Gallnger: ous
Heyden; F B Rossi; Standard oil Co ; Everett.
Fentf.n * Co; D E Allison A Co : H Dutard: FB
Rossi; Clatsop Mil to: Gould A Jaudin, Portlani
Flour Mill; CJLelstAC'o; Allen A Lewis: G W
Emmons: E R Stevens A Co: Willamette Pulp &
Paper Co; Balfour. Guthrie & CoiDarbe.- & Immel:
san Fiancisco Sulphur Co; Wells, Fargo A Co; s
Koshland; Fogany A Parker: L Beaten i A iA: W
D McArthur: E R Stevens & Co; M E A Wagner;
Bisslnger A Co; S Strauss: Chas Car.sen.
Per Coos Bay-Levi, Strauss A Co: D Biagi & Co:
L Scatena A Co: Gould & Jaudin: Wolf it Son: h
M Russell: Nash A Barbi>-ri; Eveleth A Nash: Q
R Stone A Co; LU Sresovlch A Co: Geo .Marks;
Norton, Teller A Co; Dairymen's Union; Goodwin
A co: Levi Spiegel ACo: Erlanger <& Gallnger: s F
Wheels Co; C E Whitney AUo ; Gray A Barbleri •
J lvancovicn A Co: Wood. Curtis* Co; p p er,'
OB Smith A Co; Wieland Brewing Co; o L-vy'-
J Herman: Chas Leonhardt; De Bernardl A Co; J
B : short: J B inguglla: Chas Montgomery A Co-
Buffa o Brewery; Getz Bros A Co; Wetmore Bros'
BUmer. Bredhoff A scnuiz; Western Meat Co- A
Wyss; Wheaton, Broon A Co; Trumbull A Bebee-
Buffa o Brewer. . A Paladlnl: H Klrchmann A Co'
American Union Fish Co-. A Paladlnl; Mill* Bro*'A
Getz Bros A Co; Marshall A Helmer.*: F Uri * Cill
F B Haight: Dodge. Sweeney A Co: P..clflc I oa.l
Fish Co: Greenbanm, Weil & Mlchels; J Hoffman"
o Camllloni A Co. Ross A Hewlett; S Levy Bruce'
Bowue A Co; L D Stone & Co: 0 E Whitney * »*?
Lievre, Fricke A Co: Weliman, Peck A 255 h xi
Battler A Co; Westhofl A Co. —■*■*, a a.
Weak Men and Women
Strength to the Sexual Organs. ««" n • aaCENTENARY OF
MISSION SAN JOSE
Everything Will Be as I
Was a Hundred Years
Ago.
The Grand Procession Already
Occupies the Attention of
the Residents.
Although Four Months Ahead, Much
Work Has Already Been Ac
complished.
Oakland Office San Fkancisco Call,)
908 Broadway, Feb. 9. f
Mission San Jose is already making
preparations for the centenary of its
founding on June 13.
The prominent resid-nts, business men
and others have all signified their willing
ness 'o combine forces, without reference
to creed or party, and to make the day
one of interest and pleasure to the visitors
who will go to see the mission as it was in
the historic past.
Ou the morning of June 13 mass will be
 celebrated, and other ceremonies peculiar
to the time of the foundation of the Mis
sion will be held in the latter part of the
day. A procession of floats and other
features representing customs and man
ners of a century will be the leading num
ber on the programme. There will be
vaqueros, with their gaudily caparisoned
steeds; exhibitions of skill in riding fiery
mustanss, lassoing and taming wild and
unbroken colts, and many other features
unfamiliar to the modern Missionite will
be followed by a barbecue of good things
sufficient to feed at least 5000 people.
A large number of people is looked for
from all parts of tbe State. A delegation
from Mexico, another from Central Amer
ica, have signified their intention of visit
ing -the Mission at that time, and many
strangers who have heard of the Mission
. San Jose without a spark of interest, out
side the general one given to California
missions as a whole, will be present to
Witness the festivities.
The programme will so^n be issued, giv
ing full information regarding the details,
and all interested are doing everything in
" their power to make it a day long remem
bered in Alameda County.
The interest in the celebration is already
, quite general, and »t is certain that the
* affair will partake of the nature of a State
celebration.
Wanted the Coin.
OAKLAND, Cal., Feb. 9.— Deputy
Coroner Henry Quellen was surprised
when a fisherman of this city called at the
morgue to-day and asked for information
as to how he could get the $10 allowed by
• San Francisco authorities for the ree very
of a body from the bay. He said he found
one floating out on this side of Goat Island
and towed it to the other side, as this
county only paid $5. He was given the
necessary information.
For Now Laws,
' OAKLAND, Cal., Feb. 9.— Senator F. S.
Stratton has sent a copy of three muni
cipal bills to the c.tv officials for their
opinion of the same. Two of the bills re- j
late to the pensioning of old and disabled |
firemen, one requiring a city to set aside :
$1900 a year for firemen's relief, and the i
other a special tax for a relief and pension
fund. This latter provides that after
fifteen years' service one should be retired
on half pay if disabled. It will bo sug
gested that the members contribute to the
fund monthly, as do the police.
The otber bill refers to street work, and
provides that a protest against improve
ments may be overruled by the City Coun
cil after six months' delay, even though it
be a majority protest.
The libell Lecture.
OAKLAND, Cal., Feb, 9.— The French
section of the Eh ll Society listened to an
address in French yesterday afternoon by
" Edward J. Dupuy on "Choncbette," a
novel by Marcel Prevost. The speaker
also made some remarks on Gounod and
his private life, paying especial attention
to the "Memoirs." Much interest was
manifested, and similar lectures will un
doubtedly follow in the near future.
The Miller Estate.
OAKLAND. Cal.. Feb. 9.— The estate of
the late William E. Miller has been ap
praised at $113,899 42. The holdings are
largely real estate in Oakland, besides
which there is $8500 in the stock of the
Oakland Bank of Savings, $7500 in cotton
mil: stock and $4500 in stock of the Pacific
Lighting Company.
May l'e a Faker.
. OAKLAND, Cal., Feb. 9. — Gertrude
• Pearl Price, the ex-cirens rider who it was I
thought was insane, is now believed to be j
Ccunty Officials View With Wicked Glee the Pit They Have Dug for Their Successor?:
a faker. A letter from Chief of Police
Drew of Sacramento says a woman of her
description was there recently under tbe
name of Jennie Moore, with a story of
want and a desire to join her children in
Portland, Or. Xt is supposed Mrs. Price
and Mrs. Moore are the same individual.
His Wedding Tour.
OAKLAND. Cal-, Feb. 9.— The Rev.
and Mrs. C. R. Brown will leave Monday
for their wedding tour, going io Europe
and the Holy Land. The couple were
married last fall in Boston and had to
forego a bridal tour, as he had accepted a
call to the First Congregational Church
of ihis city. It was agre d, however, that
he should' be allowed an opportunity to
make the* trip this spring and be absent
three months. The Key. J. K. McLean,
D.D., wiil fill the pulpit in the absence of
the Rev. Mr. Brown.
M<>re Delay Allowed.
OAKLAND, Cal., Feb. 9.— The case of
Hu.dah C. Johnson, charged with young
Howard as an accomplice in the murder
of her sister, was continued for a week on
motion of the defense, because the Supe
rior Court bad refused a habeas corpus
application to Howard.
Associated Charities.
OAKLAND, Cal., Feb. 9.— The directors
of the Associated Chariiies will hold a
meeting to-morrow afiernoon. Those of
the Oakland Benevolent Society will meet
immediately after the former. "
UNION REVIVAL SERVICES
Churches Preparing for a Series of
Meetings Under th«» Preaching of
»'«t. I*. W. Munhall
ALAMEDA. Cal., Feb. The Rev. L.
W. Munhall, who is conducting a series
ol revival services in Oakland, will com
mence a like series in thisc;ty on the 251h
inst. Linderman's Opera-house has been
-ecured for the meetings, which will be
held every evening except Saturday for
three weeks and every afternoon except
Mondays and Saturdays. On Sunday
evening, the 28th, the Alameda City
Christian Endeavor Union will hold their
regular quarterly prayer-meeting at C
o'clock.
The First Baptist, First Congregational,
Christian, the Park-street, Santa Clara
avenue and the Chestnut-street Methodist
and Fir-t Presbyterian churches have en
tered into the arrangements to assist to
the meeting". Committees on music, ad
vertising, finances, ushers and personal
workers have been appointed and are at
work preparing for meetings. Special ef
lorts are being made to have the music a
feature of the meetings and an effort is
being made to have seventy-five voices in
the choir.. Professor Charles Birch will
lead it.
The Alameda Postmastership.
ALAMEDA, Cal.. Feb. 9.— Ed Kandlett
ami Theo Leydecker are the two leading
candidates for the position of Postmaster
j to succeed Mr. Stoddard next October.
j The former is chairman of the Republican
City Central Comm ttee and did excellent
work during the campaign for tbe county
and National tickets. His opponent is a
City Trustee, and is said to have the. back
ing of Congressman Hilborn for the posi
tion. On the strength of this it is said
that be sold out his saloon business in
San Francisco last December.
Mr. Randlett is not doing much talking,
but he has powerful unknown influence
at work in his favor, and his friends be
lieve that when the news arrives from
Washington of the appointment of a Post
master his name will be Ed Randlett.
I H«- has always been an Alameda business
! man since coming here, and that is
strongly in his favor in this "home talent"
city.
The best of feelings prevail, however,
and whoever gets the plum will have the
congratulations of the entire community.
Question of Ownership.
ALAMEDA, Cal, Feb. 9.— F. K. Krauth
| has been sued by J. J. Fleming for $750.
j claimed to be due him for the route ol the
I Encinal, recently sold to George F.
Weeks with the paper. Mr. Weeks sold
the route to W. P. Dillon, and now Flem
ing seeks a settlement. Mr. F'eming has
a bill of sale, given him by Herman G.
Mehrteins, proprietor of the Alameda
News Company, who assumed the route
and delivered the Encinal five or six
years ago. He bases his claim on this bill
of sale, and says it is worth $750.
Mr. Krauth agreed to deliver th» paper,
route ana good will to Mr. Weeks and
hence he will have no recourse upon the
latter if he is beaten in the suit.
Alameda City Notes.
A seawall will be erected at the foot of Sher
man street by the Board of Trustees.
The regular meeting of the art section of the
Adelphlan Club will be held at Mrs. Sever
ance's, 1832 Clinton avenue, Thursday morn
ing .it 10 o'clock.
The Argus has been awarded the city adver
tising and public priming by the Board of
Trustees at $1 per square for first Insertion
and 60 cents each additional insertion.
The cost of running the electric-light plant
last month ivr.s $900 05, of which sum $589 50
was ior ninety tons ot \Va:lsend coal and $175
for the pay of the engineer a.d fireman.
The choral service to-night at Christ's Epis
copal Church by the united choir of that and
St. John's Church, Oakland, is attracting con
siderable attention and will be largely at
tended.
Contractors have begun work fitting up the
new quarters of the Encinal in the water com
pany's building on Park street. It is expected
that the paper will be published from its new
home on a new press and with a new dress
next Monday.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 10, 1897.
ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
COUNTY OFFICIALS
IN A DILEMMA
Statements Regarding Sal
aries Tak .mi at Their
Face Value.
Successful Candidates in 1898
Will Not Coin Fortunes
During Their Term.
By the New Schedule a Large Saving
Will B Eff cted Each
Year.
Oakland Office Sax Fbancisco Call,)
908 Broadway, Feb. 9. . f
There never was a time when Alameda
County officials were so truly at sea as
they are just now. Some weeks ago the
legislative delegation sent to the princi
pals of the various departments of the
county government, a.-kmg for a detailed
sta ement of the expenses and receipts of
each lor the purpose of readjusting their
salaries.
The schedules were furnished, and to
say they were a surprise, to the public as
well as the legislators is putting it very
ml. diy. It was learned that instead of
making from $6000 to $15,000 some of the
officials were, according to their state
ments, which it must be borne in mind
were not sworn to, only making a bare
subsistence and carfare.
Accepting these statements in good
faith, the legislators went to work and re
arranged the whole system, so tnat instead
of receiving a lump sum, which they stated
was yearly paid out to deputies, a schedule
has been agreed upon which fixes a salary
for each of the principals and the number
and pay of the deputies.
Senator Stratton, who seems to have
taken the leading hand in readjusting the
salaries, stated that be has made up the
i schedule by allowing the officers what
they maKe now, as appears by their state
ments. These changes have been made
ostensibly on the ground of economy and
because of the pledges contained in the
county and State platforms. But it is
claimed that there are many other agen
cies at worx to bring about a reduction of
salary.
Ex-Mayor George C. Pardee telegraphed
to Senator Stratton to-day saying that the
gross allowance system in compensation
of county officers was better ior Alameda
County than net salaries and referred to
the expenses of the Assessor's office in
Alameda Connty as compared with that
o: Los Angeles. . Assessor Dalton's ex
penses last year were $26,000, while in Los
; Angeles, which is the same size as Ala
| meda County, the Assessor spent $41,000.
The county officials, while viewins the
pit which they have dug ior themselves,
are all trying to look pleasant, and are
congratulating themselves on the fact
that their salaries are not affected unless
they succeed- themselves in 1898. They
assert that the net salary plan is without
j doubt the best, provided sufficient allow-
I ance is made for deputies, but the present
schedule as completed by the Alameda
delegation does not provide for as liberal
salaries to deputies as are .now being paid
under the gross plan.
They say that if the salaries are cut
down to the proposed figure the Legis
lature should provide an entertainment
fund with each'otfice, to permit the in
cumbents to donate to church fairs, polit
ical and patriotic parades, soup kitchens
and all kinds of things to which they are
now expected to give liberally. To sum
up, some of them are now convinced that
their statements contained too much
rather than too little. /
Block Book Ordered.
EMERYVILLE. Cal., Feb. 9. —The
Town Trustees have adopted the following
resolution:
Fa-solved, That the Town Engineer be and he
is hereby authorized and instructed to pre- j
pare and deliver to the Board of Trustees a
block book of the town of Emeryville, show
ing in detail all blocks and parts of blocks and |
owners thereof, all streets, alleys and other
data necessary to make said block book an fuil
and comp. etc as are books of like nature found
in the large towns and cities. Said book shall
contain only one block to a page, the pages to
be from 12x15 inches to 12x18 inches, as may
be deemed most advisable by the president of
the board; the cost of the entire work not to
exceed $80.
Murderous Woman.
OAKLAND, Cal., Feb. 9.—Mrs. J. P.
I Frates, the wife of a wealthy rancher of
| Kites, was examined for insanity to : day
j but was not held. She made a murderous
| attack on her husband last night with a
carving-knife, but he escaped unharmed.
She was rational to-day and promised not
to make any further attempt on his life.
Aliasing Girl Found.
OAKLAND, < al., Feb. 10— Officer Mc-
Murray of the San Francisco Society for
the Prevention of Cruelty to Children
located here to-night Miss Leona Young,
aged 17, of Santa Rosa, who has been
missing for several weeks. She came here
from Santa Rosa to visit friends, and dis
appeared from their home. Her parents
learned of her disappearance and notified
the San Francisco society. She was taken
to San Francisco and will be placed in the
California Girls' Training Home.
Active Young Republicans.
OAKLAND. Cal., Feb. 9.— T c Seventh
Ward Young Men's Republican Club
formally launched the campaign last night
by a meeting in Judge Lawrence's court
room in East Oakland. Speeches were
made by W. A. Dow. Arthur Wilson, H.
D. Rowe an i W. U. Pringle of the Repub
lican municipal ticket. The courtroom
was altogether too small for the crowd
that attended.
The Morlarty Monument.
OAKLAND, Cal„ Feb. 9.— Word was
received yesterday that the ba«e-*tone for
the Moriarty monument at New Orleans
had been shipped from Vermont. Mr.
Moriarty is a capitalist of Elmhurst and is
erecting a splendid monument over the
grave of *»is first wife. An illustrated de
scription of the monument appeared in
The Call last December.
CLERK'S ANNUAL REPORT
Each Vote Cast at the Genera'
E ection Cost Nearly a Dol
lar and a Halt
The New Fee Bi 1 R suited in Saving
a Few Thousand Dollars for
the County.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway Feb. 9 f
County Clerk Jordan has just completed
his annual statement for 1896, and it is the
most elaborate and complete official re
port yet given to the public It shows in
detail the business of the county, involv
ing the receipt and expenditure of about
a million and a half of dollars.
Each of the departments can be in
spected at a glance and the various ex
penses of the different officials are plainly
set forth in such a manner that any one
interested in the government of the
county can easily inspect it. A notable
decrease appears in the matter of jurors'
fees in the Superior Court. Only $1700
was expended last year, as against $10,500
the preceding year, while the change in
the lee bill resulted in a saving of $4000 on
constable fees.
It is also seen that while tbe connty
conducts a farm near San Leandro there
were purchased last year hay and grain
worth $1420. and nearly $1000 worth of
vegetables.
The expenses connected with the regis
tration, advertising the Governor's procla
mation, pay of officers, rent of polling
places and stationery and supplies of all
kinds for ti.e general election amounted
to $31,150. This is a cost of about $1 50
lor each vote cast.
From a general statistical table it ap
pears that the assessed value oT property
in Alameda County is $93,854,072, and
there is no bonded indebtedness on the
county. Last year there were 77 persons
committed to insane asylums, 26 to State
prisons, 22 to reform schools, 11 to the
County Jail, 97 divorces granted and 1195
marriage licenses issued.
Wants the Boys.
OAKLAND, Cal., Feb. 9.— Mrs. Lydia
A. Prescott, secretary of the Society for
the Prevention of Cruelty to Children, is
making efforts to secure the two boys
need 3 and 4— of Mr. and Mrs. Hoffard of
Elnihurst. Mrs. Prescott declares she
will press grave charges against the father
if the children are not placed in her care.
Pentecostal Services This Week.
Rev. Joseph H. Smith of Philadelphia, the
celebrated evangelist, is conducting "Pente
costal services" at the Central M. E. Church
(Rev. Dr. Di.le, pastor) the present week. Ser
vices are held each evening at 7:30 and after
noons at 2. The afternoons are devoted to
Bible reading and exposition and the evening
to preaching. Mr. Smith is an able man and
an eloquent preacher. Ho will also conduct a
ten days' meeting at Grace If. E. Church, this
City, at First Church, San Jose, and will visit
Honolulu on an evangelistic mission.
Hydraulic Mining Permitted.
The United States Debris Commission have
granted two hydraulic mining permits,
one for the Frank Milan mine, in Yuba
County, owned by Matthias Diehl of Compton
ville, Yuba County, and the other for the
Pebble Bottom mine, in Placer County, owned
by G. D. Duncan & Co., of Yankee Jims, Placer
County.
Some of the Chinese think that women
who wear short hair will be transformed
into men in the future world.
UNION WORKMEN
ENTER POLITICS
Organization of the Union
Labor Municipal Club
Complete.
Anxious to Discover the Source
of the Sc-Called League
of Lab Dr.
Th 9 Cub Will Probably Indorse a
Municipal Ticket Favor
able to Labor.
. Oakland Office San Fkancisco Call,)
908 Broadway, Feb. 9. j
Representatives of all the recognized
trade and labor organizations have de
cided to take a practical part in the com
ing municipal election.
Last night a meeting was held and an
organization known as the Municipal Un
ion Labor Club was organized. The pur
pose of this club is clearly set forth in the
following preamble, which was adopted:
"The object of this club is for the ad
vancement and betterment of the condi
tion of wage-workers, the discussion •of
economic questions, and taking part in
municipal aftairs.
'■Its membership shall be composed of
active members of trades organizations,
provided, however, that no person who is
an active member of any political party
or a candidate of any political party for
any public office can be a participant in
the proceedings of this club."
The club elected C. D. Rogers, presi
dent; Thomas Feeny, vice-president, and
M. A. R .berts, secretary and treasurer.
An ex cutive committee from the various
unions was also elected.
Some days ago a body/railing itself the
"Labor League" placed before the voters
a ticket which it called a labor ticket.
The various unions comprising the Fed
eration of Trades know nothing regard
ing the "Labor League" and are anxious
to discover with whom it originated and
of whom it is composed. A committee of
three was appointed by the Labor Muni
cipal Club to inquire into the status of the
Labor League and to report next Monday
evening. It is very probable that the club
may indorse a complete municipal ticket
favorable to organized labor.
The Labor League whose ticket has
caused such interest is an offshoot of the
old Federal Labor Union, which was re
organized two weeks ago. Of th body
the well-known orator, Eugene H< ugh,
was the controlling spirit until he went to
a wider sphere of work' in the East some
months ago. J. T. Latimer is the secre
tary of the ieagu- and he declares that it
has a large and active membership.
FOOTBALL ENTHUSIASM.
Gridiron Athletes at Berkeley Meet to
Consider the Scheme of Commencing
Training at Once.
BERKELEY, Cal., Feb. The foot
ball men of the University met to-day
and decided to begin praclice and training
for next Thanksgiving during the present
term, instead of waiting for the fall term
as in the past. The players were ad
dressed by Captain Haskell and Coach
Nott, each of whom urged tho necessity
6f commencing the preliminary work at
once and living according to training
rules throughout the entire year. At the
big Eastern unive .-shies this plan is pur
sued, and, as a consequence, the men are
strong and hardy and in perfect condition '
for games.
Next week the foothallists will meet
again and adopt a plan for training dur
ing the rest of ti e term.
Honor for liadelfinger.
BERKELEY. Cal., F-b.9.— F. G. Radel
finger, U. 0. '93, has been appointed a
member of the editorial staff of tlieNau
ticsl Almanac, published by the Govern
ment at Washington under the direction
of the Navy Department. Radelfingcr
upon graduation was at once appointed
fellow in astronomy at the university.
Since that time he has been promoted to
an instructorship in mathematics. His
appointment to Washington comes from
Secretary Herbert and is at the recom
mendation of Professor Newcom be, head
of the Naval Observatory at Washington.
The position comes under the civil service
law and is worth ?I£oo a year.
Death of George Stein.
BERKELEY, Cal., Feb. 9— George
Stein, one of the p oncers of the West
End, died of heart trouble yesterday
afternoon at his home on University ave
nue. He had been ill for about two
montbs. Stein was a native of Germany
and was in his filtieth year. He came to
Berkeley in 1879. The funeral services
will take place to-morrow afternoon under
the auspices of the A. 0. U. W. and Sons
of Hermann.
PILLMORS-STREET OLUB.
A Short Sleeting Which Was Adjourned
Until To-Monow .Evening.
A brief meeting was held at Franklin
Hall. 1839 Fillmore street, Monday
night, by the Fillmore Improvement Club.
In the absence of the regular president,
J. C. Nobmann, and also of Vice-President
Levy, Dr. Charles V. Cross was called to
preside., Dr. Cross desire! tbe club to
KEW TO.DA?
FREE TO EVERY lAN.
THE METHOD OF A GREAT TREATMENT
FOB IYEADESS OF, Ml
WHICH ( FRED HIM AFTER EVERT-
THWG ELSE FAILED.
Painful diseases arc bad enough, hut when a
man is slowly wasting away with nervous
weakness the mental forebodings are ten
times worse than the most severe pain. There
is no let up to the mental suffering day or
night. Sleep is almost impossible, and . under
such a strain men are scarcely responsible for
whit they do. For years the writer rolled and
tossed on the troubled sea of sexual weakness
until it was a question whether he had not
better take a dose of poison and thus end all
his throubies. But providential inspiration
came to his aid in the shape of a combination
of medicines that not only completely restored
the ; general health, but enlarged hls weak,
emaciated parts to natural size and vigor, and
he now declares that any man who will taka
the trouble to send his name and address may
have the method of • this ■ wonderful treatment
free., Now, when 1 say free I mean absolutely
without cost, because I want every weakened
man to get the benefit of my experience.
• I am not a philanthropist, nor do I pose as
an enthusiast, but there are thousands of men
suffering the mental tortures of weakened
manhood who would be cured at enca could
they but get such a remedy as the one thai
cured me. Do not try to study out how I ' can
afford to pay the few postage-stamps necessary
to mall the information, but send for it ana
learn that there are • a few things on earth
that, although they cost nothing to get, are
worth a fortune to some men and mean a life-
time of -happiness to most or us. Writer to
Thomas Slater, box 2283, Kaiamaioo, Mich
and the information will be mailed in & plain
sealed envelop c.
take cognizance of the filthy condition of
the crossing o. Bush and Fillmore streets,
where the Suiter-street Railroad Company
had permitted its track on Bush street to
remain.
Giileon P. Woodward, who keeps a store
on Fillmore street, moved that the' con
dition of this portion of Bnslt street be re
ferred to the executive committee and
that the Superintendent of Streets be noti
fied, '.v- • :
Chairman Cross also spoke of the very
bad condition of the sidewalk on the
square block bounded by Fillmore, Sut
ter, Sieiner and Bush streets, which is
owned by C. C. Butler, and upon which
old rotten wo- den sidewalks am permitted
to remain. The matter was also referred
to the executive committee.
On the motion of Secretary McCusker
an adjournment was taken until to
morrow evening when it* is expected
there will be a full meeting of the mem
bers. ' ' :
VALUE OF A GOOD TEMPER.
Peter Henderson's Wife Had a
Cheerlul Disposition Worth
A cheerful wife is worth $5000 in San
Francisco. At least that is the way in
which Peter Henderson assesses damages
against John W. Ferris and Thomas Da
vidson, who by their carelessness caused
Peter's wile, Margaret, to be injured by
an explosion. -. : •
The complaint sets forth that Mr. Hen
derson and his wife lived at 5 Rivoli
avenne, between Sixteenth and Seven
teenth streets, in this City, on February
12, 1895, when the defendants excavated a
lot near the Henderson residence and de
posited 9000 pounds of powder, which the
defendants did then and there "carelessly,
negligently, unlawfully and wrongfully
cause the said powder to expio le with
such force and violence that large quanti
ties of dirt and rock were thrown out and
through the air with great force, and a
violent concussion was caused; tnat said
Margaret Henderson was struck about the
head, hands, body and limbs by the rocks
and'dirt so thrown out, and was jarred and
shaken by the concussion, so that her
spine was injured and she has become an
invalid and her memory has been im
paired."
In estimating his damages Mr. Hender
son proceeds on the common law doctrine
that his wife is a Dart of his property and
ei-tat^; that he is entitled to his wife's
services and companionship, and that
whoever deprives him of those benefits
must respond in damages. Accordinsly
Mr. Henderson alleges that prior to the
accident here mentioned his wife Margaret
was a strong and healthy woman and had a
kind and amiable temper and disposition,:
and was of great assistance and a great
comfort and support to him. But since
the injuries then received her tempera
ment has changed and she has become ex
ceedingly nervous and fretful and has be
come an invalid and is unable to comfort
and assist him and to attend to his wants
and to che r him as she could and did
prior to her injuries
Mr. Henderson alleges that by reason of
his wile's great change of disposition and
temperament, and her being made an in
valid, and her memory being impaired,
allot which were caused by her injuries
received at the time of the explosion, he
has been caused great and irreparable in
jury and has been caused constant mental
pain and anguish and has been deprived
of the pleasure and comfort and benefit of
the society of his wife and has been de
prived of her services, by reason of all
which he has been damaged in the sum of
$5000. He also asks for $445 paid out for
medicine, physicians' services, nurses'
attendance and other matters of that char
acter. • '"V':-v:"": • "
NEW TO-DAY-
~~m HI
OK
■k WHISKEY
BFive Years
In Wood
Before
Bottling.
—
ganl.-WIN
tllllii 411 Market St.
San Francisco.
----■---.■• .
A machinist in St. Louis relates that for eighteen months
his life had been a perfect torture by reason of pains and
general bad feeling arising from indigestion, but having
read about
Ripans Tabules
he said: '.'l made up my mind at last to try them, and
'.hey are great ! X now use them' every now and then,
♦nd have no - more indigestion , no bad feeling, ' and my
appetite is much' better. Everybody that suffersfrom
indigestion should try tbem."
| Auction Sales
EDWARD S. SPEAR & Cl).,
: Auctioneers, 31 and 33 Sutter jtrset.
Telephone— Main 5181. . ■-.
THIS DAY (WEDNESDAY). February TO, 1897,
At 10 o'clock a. m.. In Our Salesrooms,
-'- :,r '-5 ....WS WILLSIU :"-■-:'■"
The Flue Furniture of Four Houses, removed to
our store for convenience of sale, comprising:
Parlor t-ets. Odd Pieces of Upholstery, Rattan
Ch« Irs, uak and Mali igany Center tables, ace
«ur aiiis. Portieres, 1 russels Carpets and Rugs.
Ornaments, uak and Walnut Mirror-bite* Bide*
board ■«, oak Extension Tables, Oak Dining-room
Chairs, China and Dinnerware, Oak. Wa nut and
cherry Bedroom Sets, Spring and Curled Hair
Mattresses, Blankets Roisters and .Pillows. Oak
Upright hurr Folding lieds; a Inrge assortment of
Ranges, Kitchen I urntt.ire, Llnoieum. etc.
EDWARD S. SPEAR <fc CO.. Auctioneers,
31 and 33 Sutter street.
/^~IK r « Gibbon's Dispensary,
MstH^^L 625 KEARXY XT. Established
Ejtlll S^i ln ,Ss, *i o r the treatment of Privato
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
fi-OKEARXYKT. Established
in 18S4 for the treatment of Private
Diseases, Lust Manhood. Debility or
Sg|gK»?«&A disease wearingou bodyand mind and
SSEMf&«£kS Skin Diseases. Thedoctorcureswhen
»3i|§»"«K|jffl others fall. Try him. Charges low.
tgwJißSgiißaaCnrfwgaarantffd. Callorwrite.
Bx:m. V. i. fit BOX. Box 1957. Sau Francisca,
A—m i^^ ■— 55555555
OCEAN TRAVEL.
jsssaXStamA rmtamma.mm-am aS. AUSTRALIA for
«Jr^Blij3fclflMlE HONOLULU only.
KlrK*? H& Eriraaflalsa Tuesday, Februar? 23,
ifl "<TJ- $9U "■ ->. at -' p. it Special party
SL^^SSf^nTshincJ rates. s. s. ALAMEDA
ifMnfthlfW Tlie S - «*• ALAMEDA
ll^fjy PJlUllllJltlU^ Ralls via HONOLULU
ZmSßr C&RPIWU- and AUCKLAND toe
g&T VJilllfjyittp SYDNEY. Thursday,
v arch 4, at 2 p. m.
Line to COOLG Aust.,and CAPETOWN
South Africa. • ■ — .. :• >■ .
J. D. SPRECKELS A BROS. CO.. Agents.
114 Montgomery street.
Freight Office, 327 Market st. San Francisoo.
PACIFIC COASTJTEAMSDIP CO.
STEAMERS LEAVE BROADWAY AJ-
wharf, San Francisco, as follows: ,g^f t a ff
For Mary Island, Loring, Wrangel, Juneau, Kll-
Ilsnoo and Sitka (Alaska), at. 9 a. m., Feb. 10, 25.
For Victoria and Vancouver (B. C), Port Town-
send, Seattle, Tacoma, Everett, Anacortes and
New Wiatcom (Bellingham Bay, Wash.), 9a. it
Feb. 4, 10, 15. 20, 26, and every fifth day there-
after, connecting at Vancouver with the C. P. R.
R., at Ta' oma with N. P. R. It., at Seattle with ii.
N. Hy., at Port Townsend with Alaska steamers.
For Kureka, Area a and Fields Landing (Hum*
boldt Bay), su - . Pomona 2 p. m., Feb. 1, 5,9, 13,
17, 21. 25, and every fourth day thereafter.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey. San Simeon, Cayucos,
Port Harford (San Luis Obispo), Gaviota, Santa
Barbara, Ventura, Hueneme, &an Pedro, East San
Pedro (Los Angeles) and Newport, at 9 a. if.
Feb. 3. 7. 11, 16, 19, 23, 27, and every lonrtH
day thereafter.
For san Diego, stopping only at Port Hanorl
(San Luis Obispo), banta Barbara, Port Los An-
celes. Redondo (Los Angeles) and Newport. 11
a.m. Feb. 1, 5, 9, 13, 17, 21, 25, and every fourth,
day thereafter.
For Ensenada, San Jose del Cabo. Mazatlan, La
Paz and Uuaymas (Mexico), steamer Orizaba, 10
A. v. 25th of each month.
'I he Company reserves the right to change with-
out previous notice steamers, sailing dates and
hours of sailing. Ticket oflice— Palace Hotel, 4
New Montgomery street.
GOODALL, PERKINS A CO., GenT Agents,
10 Market St.. San Franclsca
THEO.R.&N. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
From Rpear-stree6 Wharf, at 10 a. m.
FA "D "17 (813 First-class \ Including
-V J.VJj\!Si(l Second-class /berth A meals
SCHEDULE OF SAILINGS:
George W. Elder Feb. 12, 22
State of California. Feb. 7, 17, 27
i Through tickets and through . baggage to all
Eastern points. Rates and folders upon applica-
tion to
F. F. CONNOR. General Agent,
630 Markei street.
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. Superintendents
COMPAGSIE6EffEH.IL TRAISITLI3TIQUJB
French Line to Havre.
COMPAN Y'riPIER(NEW),42 NORTH >*-«
River, foot of Morton st. Travelers by <•*£«!?
this line avoid both transit by English railway amt
the discomfort of crossing the channel in a small
boat. New York to Alexandria. Egypt, via Paris,
first class $160. second class $116.
LANORMAXDIE Feb. 13, 9A.it
La BOURGOGNE Feb. 20. 5 A. M.
LA CHAMPAGNE Feb. 27, 8:30 a. it
LA GASCOGNE.. March 6. 6 a.m.
LA BKETAGNE. March Ba.m.
MffT For further particulars apply to
A. FORGET, Agent,
No. 3, Bowling Green, New York.
J. F. FUGAZI & CO., Agents, 5 Montgomery
avenue, San Francisca
WHITE mR USB.
United States and Royal Mall Steamer)
BETWEKS
New York, Queenstown & Liverpool.
BAILiNU XV Elii Wr.Ku.
CABIN, $50 AND UPWARD, ACCORD- JBtmrnx
Ing to steamer aud accommodations smmmß
selected; second cabin, $-2 50 and 84 . 60; Dtajestio
and Teutonic. Steerags Tickets from England, Ire-
land, Scotland, Sweden, Norway and Denmark
through to San Francisco at lowest rate* Tickets,
sailing dates and cabin plans may be procured
from W. H. AVERY, Pacific Mail Dock, or at tba
General Ollice of the Company, 613 Market street
under Grand Hotel. G. w. FLETCHER.
« General Agent for Pacific Coast.
STOCKTON STEAMERS
Leave Pier No. 3, Washington St.,
At G P. M. .Daily. .Freight received -up
io ,:3l> P. Al.
fly Accommodations Reserved by Telephone.
The only line Sd.lin^ through tickets and giving
through "freight rates to all poin.s on Valley
Railroad.
STEAMERS:
T.C. "Walker, J. D. Peters,
Mary Oarratt, City of Stockton.
Telephone Main 805. Cau Nay. and lmpt. Co
FOU YALLEJO AJD U. S. SAYMARD.
STEAMER "MONTICELLO," .
Dally ex. Saturday A Sun.. 10:30 a. m. and 4p«,
Saturdays ... *10:30 a. m., -i p. jc
Sundays....... . 8 r. x.
Landing Mlsston-stree-. Dock, Pier 3.
Telephone Black 261.
Trip elves 6 hours stop at Navy-Yard. ' ', .-
FOR SAS JOSE, LOS GATOS& SAJTA
STEAMER ALVISO LEAVES PIER 1 MOV.
day. Wednesday, Friday, at 10 a. it Alviso
'1 uesda". Thursday. Saturday, at 3 p it FrelKhs
and Passenger. Fare between San Francisco and
Alvisa 60c; to San Jose, 75c. Clay ul. Furl.
•M W. baota Ciara su, baa J wt* w *
1112
MR. MARTY FAILS
TO FULLY EXPLAIN
He Was Granted a Hearing
by the Grand
Jury.
He Frankly Admits That the
Milk Contract Was Worth
$1000 to Him.
Morgan & Co. Have Not Signed lhe
Plans for Their Mission High
School Contract.
Frank ilarty, the milkman, was before
the Grand Jury nearly all of yesterday
afternoon, and when he came out of the
inquisitorial chamber he plodded down
the dismal hallways of the City Hall, his
hands in his pockets, his eyes on the stone
flooring, and refused to notice the repeated
salutations of an acquaintance. All the
outward indications of a bad humor were
present Mr. Marty had evidently been
having a bad two or three hours. He had
been asked all about that alleged offer of
$1000 to Supervisor Dodge for the securing
to him of the contract tor supplying milk
to the City and County Hospital and the
Almshouse.
Mr. Marty saw no particular harm in
the transaction. He told the jury flatly j
that the contract was worth $1000 to him. j
lie was asked a great many questions as
to the methods by which contracts nave |
been secured heretofore, but as to nearly (
all of these questions his memory failed
him.
When asked if the late Superintendent i
Stable of the City and County Hospital :
kept him waiting for his pay for the milk i
delivered Marty was quick to deny the :
seeming impeachment. He declared that j
Dr. Stable was promptness itself in this |
matter — no sooner was the month around i
tnan tbe superintendent paid the bill.
He was asked why it was that the late su
perintendent was so punctilious in the [
matter of the milk bill when it was quite
notorious that other creditors waited and j
watched in vain for what was duo them.
Mr. Marty did not know about this. No j
action was taken, but it need be no matter [
of surprise to Mr. Marty's friends if he is i
Indicted for attempted bribery, for that is I
on the cards.
A report will probably be made at the !
next session, on Friday, in the matter of I
the fake improvements at the City and j
County Hospital.
C. J. Besove resumed his testimony in j
the matter of the Mission High School j
contracts. Morgan & Co.'s plans and ■
specifications, which were not to be found I
when wanted last week, were beiore the !
jury, and it was discovered that they were ;
not oniy not signed by the Board of Edu- '
cation, but lacKed the signatures of the
contractors themselves. This is said to
be most unusual, as, unsigned, they do j
not bind. A report will be made in the
matter of this inquiry at the next session
also.
The following communication from Mor
gan & Co. was read:
To the Honorable the Grand Jury — Gen- ;
tlemen: Having noticed in Saturday morn- '•
ings papers an article commenting on I
the award of the heating and ventilat- ',
in* contract for the new Mission High |
School to the undersigned, we would respect- [
fully call the attention of your honorable body
to the faus therein contained, whicn, out of
justice to all parties concerned, should, it
seems to us, be forthcoming at this time. The I
article as we saw it stated, first, '-that a num- i
ber of bids were presented for this work, but |
the School Directors selected the highest";
second, "thai a large number of experts were
called before you to give their views" (men- i
tioning five or six names).
With reierence to the first comment, the fol
lowing, which is a list of the different bids re- j
ceived, shows conclusively whether the under
signed was the highest bidder:
Heating and ventilating— P. \V, Co.: Bid 1 '
$9300 and $8335; bid 2, £8015 and $7385; bid I
3. (6335. Morgan Company: Bid 1, £7542:
bid -A, $7542; bid 3, (6220.
Watercioset bids— P. \V. Co., $1735; Morgan I
& Co.. $1954 and $1580.
Comparing the ab re bids or our first and I
best proposition of £7542 with P. W. Co.'s first !
and best proposition of $.1300, we were the 1
lowest by £1758 (bidding on the same specifi
cations oi the architects lor the work) and
comparing our work cheapest bids we were'
the lowest by £105. so that the board's ac- j
ceptance of our bid Ko. 1 not only sued the
City almost the entire cost of the closet work |
over our competitors' figures, but adopted a
system of heating and ventilating thi«t has
been thoroughly tried and tested '.tithe Dudley
Stone school building on Haight street, and
found not only to work entirely satisfactorily,
butmoreleconomical in the matter of fuel than
any system in use in any of the City school*.
The price named in the paper of £9496
therefore not only saves the City money, but
included In addition tne heating and ventilat
ing apparatus, our best closet system as well.
As to the second comment, we notice that
the experts mentioned were in all cases people
engaged in the same lineof business as our
selves. While we should be very glad to have
finch member of the Grand Jury inspect tbis
system in the Stone building above referred to
and compare the practical results obtained
with any other system, we hardly expect that
you will hear any flattering comments or
hearty Indorsements of our apparatus from
those engaged in the same line of
work, aud mure particularly from those
who have failed to secure this contract.
The more the investigation from disinterested
parties the better we shall be pleased, and
our hope is not only that a thorough compari
son of our system and apparatus will be made
with any other, but that we may be one of the
parties to appear before your honorable body
to still further substantiate our position, as
not only ins the lowest bidder, but as hav
ing the best apparatus. Respectfully yours,
w. JI ORGAN & Co.
HOIEL /.RRiVALS.
GRAND HOIEL.
8 L Hogan, Fresno II W Hoffman, N V
G A Smith. Portland P Mockler. Nova Scotia
W C conroy. Auburn T H Dependeuer.Anburn
Ur J 1 Martin, Woodlnd W W Russell, MarysvUle
J H Southern, St He ena W A Be 'der. Cal
Mrs - L Galnraith. B C AH Kerr, N V
1. Cullom A wf, Tatotua J P Kellev <£ wf, St Locis
C E Heath, Carson P Tweed, Petaiuma
F N Greeiey A wf, s Jose W W Mlddlecofl Salinas
C Ericksou. S«n Luis C H Norton, Boston
w A Young, Boston II s Piatte Jr, St Louis
A P Haltnill. Los Ang E Morum, N i
W H Winters, Pa ll D Tracy, Mo
Mrs H D Tracy & eh, Mo J G Benedict. Mo
Freels, Hollster J A While, Watsonville
Mrs Miller, Canton 8 C Cornell, Merced
8 H Ray, San Jose T Fennessv, Oakland
YV Torniey, Vallejo J W Moore, Undine
J It Thomas. Ukiab W W While Ukiah
G W BbaferA wf, Polo W Steinbeck, Hol.ister
8 Cohen, Corning Mrs it i '.eL. shire.Plsiun
Miss M Paige, Chicago W A Butterfield, Cal
H li Davis, Sonoma W Johnston, Courtland
J a Wilson, Or J Leidenger, Ohio
L F Mou ton. Co^uia D H Force, Cayucos
D D Hatch, Novato
N LICK HOUSE.'
\V F Henning. Los An- R X Allen. Oakland
Miss D Gibso-'.Heahisbg J J Tabucca, Ma.iposa
AJ 1 acemuh it w, Cal Mlis Lnchman, Cal
J A Thornton, St i ouis Ii Postlethwi<ite,sanJose
BG Cunningh.im, 8 C J1- Peck, Merced
A LColton, Mi Hamilton R McPberson &w, Cal
A Nowe 1. Guatemala H Ha -a good, Los Ang
Miss E Dickens. Portland R I Bently, Sacramento
B!5 Hirsch, kiali 811 Upham, Martinez
It D Bobbins. Suisnn N Bullock, Eureka
O B Powers, Suisun R C Terry, Clay ton
W B Green, Sau Jose T 8 Morgan, San Jose
BALDWIN HOTEL.
J M Mattqon. Belvedere J J Sand, New Whatcom
W Vtwes. 'lacoma W Winters. Butte
A Bellens. Cal F II Kilbourne, Seattle
J a Parsons, Belvedere » Mlg avatca, Napa
YV S Jewell. Oakland J li Wlsth. N V
YV H s^vmoure,st Louis M « scott * w, N V
1 Jones," Salt Lake J Brown, Denver
C Miller, Denver Miss Jones, st Louis
T A Smith, Vallejo Miss Watts, Butte
c Eagan, Portland C Blum, Sacramento
PALACE HOTEL., -...-, JA
N X Hall.Portßlakeley F F Butter. N V
I M 1 urner, :-eatte .Jll Peaks. Santa Crut
Mr.orumwald, Cologne L Henry. Ireland
Lieut-oov Jeter. Cal . J E Esau. Boston
¥ W Jaic a, Milwaukee C F Beckwlih. Denver
X C Barren. Colusa W T Ellis Jr. Cal
J a Flack A w, bpokaneJLDrnmbeUcr&w, Wash
NEW WESTERN HOTEL. -
J Cumlskey, Cal J Johnston A wf, Cal
E E Donerian. Los Ang E Kvaus, Los Angeles
J Mooney, Portland J Grail A wf, Alaska
A B Johnson A tv, Ariz A C Vltor, New Orleans
B Leonard, Chicago E F Campbell, Truckee
c L Bradley, Vacaville CH Be yes, Vacaville
R A Badlay. Forest Hill W T C.rthy, stm Adams
J R Duffy, Los Angeles ' D Manning, Los Angeles
H Arnold, San Jose 'P G Wilder, San Jose
F Howard. Cal J R Walcott, Wash
J B Bervey. Cal J Brown, Cal
II G smlthson. Denver J B Hacicett, Sacto
i: M Todmau, Chicago C Thurston, Oakland
E Egan. Los Angeles M a Joyce, Merced
W J Bowen, Ukiah J Bell, Vallejo
Frank Mooney, Cal
SAN FRANCISCO "CALL."
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco Call
-710 Market street, open until 12 o'clock every
Bight ln the year. .
BRANCH OFFICES-527 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
SS9 Hayes street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
615 Larkin street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
bW. corner Sixteenth and Mission streets, opea
until 9 o'clock.
2618 Mission street, open until 9 o'clock.
167 Ninth street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
1806 Polk street: open un il 9:30.
NOTICE OP MEETINGS.
CTSS» CROCKETT LODGE. NO. 139, F. M
***** and A. M— Called meeting THIS A
WEDNESDAY at 7:30 P. M. D Ist. By^£sf
orderoftheW. M. H. FORTRIEDE, Sec. /V'
rjSS=* FIDELITY LODGE NO 120 F. m
***** a A. M.— Funeral notice. Offlceri»_^_
and members are requested to assembe^fzT
at 1 p. m., T*ilS i'AY (Wednesday) /^T^
for the purpose of conducting the funeral cere-
monies of our late brother, PHILLIP AIiON-
SON. late a member of Shakespeare Lodge Na
7.^, New York City. By order of the W. M.
FREDERICK BARRY, Secretary.
*\\\a\\\j* MISSION LODGE, NO. 169 F. A •
***** A . M.— Called Meeting THIS (WED- SjSx,
NESDAY) EVENING at 7: -O o'clock. \S Tf
First Degree. By order of the W. M. • / N^\
C. D. BL NKER, Secretary.
B^g= EXCELSIOR LODGE, NO. 166 F. a
***** A A. M.— Special meeting THIS J\
(WEDNESDAY) EVENING Feb. 10. 'VjP
at 7:30 o'clock. First Degree r*»r\
THEO. E. SMITH. Secretary.
e^ss» mount; moriau lodge no. «
***** 44. F. and A. M. -Meeting THIS i\
(WEDNESDAY ) EVENING at 7 o'clock. , *f* If
Third Decree. -^yV
THEO. FROLICH. Secretary.
ttZX' MAGNOI.iA LODGE NO. v *vaa.'.*>
****** 29, I. O. O. F.— Officers an , l#rak^
funeral detail pleaie assemo'ein our -55^5!*'^^
: lodgeroom TO-MORROW (WEDNES- -'w."\'
| DA »). Februar.- 10, at 10 a. m.. to attend the
; funeral of our late brother. THOMAS COHN.
SAMUEL POLACK. Secretary.
i Strip FUNKRAL — UNITY .*«•»»>.
I ***** Lod^e No. -.7. A. O. U. W. Funeral >*5^
l escort will please take notice to attend t l "«S}^
i funeral of our la;e brother, i-. GOLD- v*^B>^
STONE, at o!ir meeting hall. Shiels building. 32
j O'Earrell st.. on WEDNESDAY at 9:30 a. if. Fine
i will be strictly enforced. By order
J. R. FITZSIMMONS, Master Workman.
[ LD. Martin, Recorder.
: RTS=*THE REGULAR ANNUAL MEETING OF
I Or**? the members of the Bishop Armitage Church '
Orphanage will be held at theolhceof the secretary, j
I 63j California st., room 38. on i eoruary 23. 1897,
j at 12 M., for the purpose of revising or ameuuing I
i the by-laws of said corporation or adopting new j
. by-laws and for the election of irustees for the en-
i suing year; also for the transac ion of such other
i business as may come before the meeting.
L. WAKHAM. Secretary.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
j ftT^p DIVIDEND NOTICE-DIVIDEND NO.
***** 40 (twenty-five cent* per share) of the
I liutrhln«on Sugar l'laniation Com; any wil be
payable at the ollice of the company. 327 Mar et
; street, on and after Saturday, Peoruary 20. 1t97.
Transfer books will close Saturday, 1-ebruary 18,
j 1867. at 12 o'clock K. E. H. SHELDON.
Secretary. |
I =:
SPECIAL NOTICES.
| R^sp DR. BAZKT REMOVED FROM PHK-
i ***** lan building to 608 Geary st.: t'-i. East 367.
XfrA^ RAD TENANTS EJECTED FOR 14:
i ***** collections made: city or country. Paclflc
j Collection Co.. 415 Montev ■ - room 6: tel. f>sBo.
j '■
SITUATIONS WANTED-FEMALE.
p ERMAN FECOND GIRL, ALSO GERM
VT nurse desre situations. J. P. CROSETT A
CO.. Slri Sua»r st.
i OMPETENT (GERMAN NURSE Willi REF-
\J erenc» desires a situation. J. F. CROSETT it
! CO., 316 Suttrr st.
| ERMAN SECOND GI.tL DEsIRES SITU A-
j VT non. J. F. CROSE'IT A CO.. 316 Su -ter ac
j GERMAN EMPLOYMENT OFFICE, 306
; VJ Mason st., teL miin 6332, furnishes best help;
i all nationalities.
J P EFINED NORTH GERM AN GIRL DESIRES
, Xt position as hdy's companion or to do upstairs
i work and sewing; city or country. Call or address
\ Employment Office, 734 Guerrero st.
j RESPKCTA BLE. R. FI NEDLAD V ( W I DOW),
j At thoroughly understands cure of children, kind-
j ly una agreeable, wishes position as working house-
keeper for widower; can give reference; city or
; country. S. E. IL, box 114. Call Office.
LADY. WELL ACQUAINTED MANAG-
Ing dyeing and cleaning establishment, would
j liKe to get position as such or managing house-
j keeper lor widower or old couple. Address A. N.
| E., oox 44, Call Office.
T ADY (AGE 40), EUROPEAN NURSE AND
Jma*seu>e. having som* hours to spare, would
give par. services loan lnv.ill I lady or child
lv return for board and room. M. O P., oox 1 9, Call.
WAN! ED — BY RESPECTABLE WOMAN,
! '» work i.i a boarding-house, restaurant or hotel;
I isa good cook and waitress; willing to do any
kind of work, call 136 Fifth su, from 9 till 5.
\\' ILL WORK FOR SMALL WAGES TO FIND
»' situation as laundress; hotel or institution:
city or country; experienced. Aadress Laun-
l dress, 749 Murkeu
"yoUNG GERMAN GIRL WOULD LIKE TO
Ado bonseuorK and cooking; small fan ily.
Please call or seed pos.al 15 irankfort aye., off
Thirteenth.
.WANTED— BY WIDOW. WORK IN A FAMI-
»» ly where there are no children, or us house-
keeper: Is good cook; has tad experience. Apply
136Fif:hst- VV
AMEBIC \N WIDOW WOULD LIKE Posi-
tion as working housekeeper or chambermaid;
c;ty or country. Call from 10 to 3at 10t5 Market
St., room 2.
TIT ANTED —BY AMERICAN WOMAN, fl
" rer day. washing, sweeping or wait on ck
person: would do housework. Presen ily located
925Va Shotwell su
•WANTED— BY 2 SWEDISH GIRLS ONE A
" cook and t.ie other a second girl and experl-
eu..ed walt:< si: have references. Apply 5 Adair
SL, off Howard, near Sixteenth.
RESPKCTABLE WOMAN WOULD LIKE A
situation: is a gocd cook and understands gen-
etui housework. 312 -,-s- Clementina sL
IDDLE-AGED LADY WOULD LIKE 8ITU-
a::on as housekeeper or take care of invalid;
city or country. ;-,4.(.M.nna>t.
- — ' ~
•yOUNG GIKL WISHES A POSITION TO DO
A light housework and will take care of children.
32 y 2 Naioma sl
yOUXO WOMAN WISHES POSITION TO DO
A second work; wages If 15; good references". Ad-
dr. ss 944 Mission si.
EXPERIENCED DAY OR NIGHT NURSE;
Jlj $9 per week best of references: confinement
and other sickness taken home; private Call 719
Webster st.
LIABLE WOMAN WOULD I.IKE WASH-
Ing or housework of any kind by Tie day. 15
Hyde si.
"\7-OUNO LADY WISHES SITUATION A3
J- housekeeper; city or country. Call or address
144 iutb st. .-;-,;: ;■
1 FRENCH GIRL WISHES PO«ITION AH
. ladie .' maid and aeamst.eas; good references.
822 a Broadway.
REFINED GERMAN GIRL WISHES TO DO
chamber work in any respectable house. Call
at 1623 Church St.: reference.
yOUNG GIRL WANTS TO DO UPSTAIRS
X work and sewing; age 15 years Apply or ad-
dress 3624 Army st-
FIRST-CLAPS GERMAN COOK WANTS*
situation: hotel or lunch-house. 79 Jessie st.
yOUNG GERMAN OMAN WISHES WORK
Xby the da 1 -, washing or hf>usec eanng. 242
Harriet su, bet. Sixth aid Seventh, off Harrison.
-VTKAI RELIABLE WOMAN TO DO HOUSE-
JL> housewor* in a nice family; pleasant home as
much of an object as wanes. S. X . bux 104, Cell
y OUNG WIDOW. 24 YEA OF AGE. WITH
X her lilt; boy 3Va years old wants position in
family. Address N. is., box 163, Call Office.
yOUKGGIRL, SPEAKING FRENCH, GER-
1. man and English, wants position as nurse or
ladies' maid. Address M. E. 11., box 162 Call.
•WANTED— POSITION BY A RESPECTABLE
»T girl fer housework and cooking: city coun-
try. Lai at 4 Edith place, bet. Greenwich and j
Lombard, off Dupont.
I ADY WOULD LIKE A POSITION AS
J J housekeeper, hotel or lodging-house. Apply
138 a 1 ourth street, room 4.
ITUATION FOB YOUNG GIRL. TROTEST-
-1 SITUATION lOR YOUNG housework. Pleas*
O anl. to assis'. witb lieht housework. P.eas^
call or address 1625 Church st. iur. Xwenty-omth.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 10, '1597.
SITUATIONS WANTED-Continnefl.
yOUNG AND EXPERIENCED WIDOW RE-
X cently from the X st desires a position as man-
a," I .g h usfiie per in widow r's home or hotel;
hours Ito 6 only. Room A 1007 Market.
ERMAN GIRL WANTS SITUATION FOR
general housework. Please call 611 Bush sL
CAPABLE GIKL FOR GENERAL HOUSE-
work; wages $20. Apply 2.(1 Ninth st.
WO SWEDISH GIRLS WANT SITUATIONS
TWO SWEDISH GIRLS WANT SITUATIONS
to do general housework and help with cook-
ing. Cull 3t07 Twenty-fourth St., near Sanchez.
TJELIABLE GIRL FOR GENERAL HOUSE-
IX nork ma private family; wages 920. Please
call 3017 Fillmore.
"WOMAN WISHES TO TAKE CHARGE OF
M child as wetnurse Address Nurse, 7-19 Mar-
ket.
MIDDLE-AGED LADY WISHES PLACE FOR
housework or care of an Invalid. 2963
Twenty-second st.
RELIABLE WOMAN. UNDE H STANDS BUSl-
neis thorongnly, wants position as cook ln city
or couniry. 1236 Mission st.
COMPETENT COOK WISHES SITUATION
in private family; wonld do general housework
ln sma 1 family. Cal. at 221 Hayes st.
yoUNG woman wants work by the
X day washing or housecleaning. Address C. W.,
167 Ninth sU. • •":
C WEDISH Gil L WiSHES SITUATION TO
odo general housework. Apply 1 136 Florida t>L
LADYWISHESSEWINGOR Mr.NDINO TO
,do a*, home. Apply 821 .Mission st., room 6.
JMNE GERMAN GIRL. GOOD COOK. HAS
best references, wishes place iv private family.
Address 112 William st.
COMPETENT WOMAN, GOOD COOK ANO
laundress, warns housework in city or across
the bay. Call or address 3480 Seventeenth St.,
near Guerrero.
GERMAN GIRL WISHES POSITION TO DO
I general housework; wages $2 1. 2611 Six-
teen I st.
ANTED— POSITION TO DO CHAMBER-
" work and wait at table by respectable young
lady in private family. G. ti., box 145. Call Office.
I7U.DERLY LADY WISH I- POSITION Do
-1 housework in -null family; wages no objecL
Address 10 Wei more place.
A'oi woman with a child 3 years
X od wants situation do housework; city or
vicinity; wages «10. R. S., box 47. Call Office.
Situation WAN ry COMPETENT
person to do upstairs work or cooking; good
reference. Address 13.>tf Pine st.
Rl- LIABLE WOMAN WISHES SITUATION
as a good coo«c, and will do light housework:
city or country; good references; will work for
modeia'.e wage.. Address 3SBS Twenty-third at.,
near Sanchez.
RESPECTABLE WOMAN WISHES WORK
by the day. Address 40Oa Oak st.
you.NG widow of many;acuomplish-
X ments, lately from the East, desires house-
keeper's i lace; baehe.or's or widower's home pre-
ferred. 18V» Sixth St.. room 2.
V\rANTEL-BY A YOUNG WOMAN IN HO-
'» tel main sewing, mending or care of linen-
room: sleeps home. Call or address 1 Iv: Eighth.
IRST-CLASS DRESSMAKER WISHES A
few more engagements by the day; terms
*1 50. Address P. M., 43 El.in Park.
pi. FINED EASTERN WIDOW, EXI'KRI-
Xl encei bou»ekeejer. desires a situation as
housekeeper for a widower; couutry preferred.
Rooms 9 and 10, -38 Kearny st.
BY COMPEI ENT WOMAN POSITION TO DO
general housework in small famllr or would
do chambei wo.k. No. 1 refeience. cull 777 Mar-
ket su. room 6.
A YOUNG AMERICAN WOMAN WOULD
like work by the ay: honsewcrk or chamber-
work. Apply 5.6 Howard st.
INFANTS NURSE (AMERICAN) WISHES
X position; can take entire charge; thoroughly
experienced and trustwoithy; has excellent refer-
ences from last place: wa^es $25. C R., box 7,
Call Office, OaklauJ.
TIT A NTED-BY A GIRL. HOUSEWORK: IS
il a good cook: best of references MRS. HAR-
OLD, 515 Fi hih su, Oakland.
y»>U G LADY' DESIRES POSITION AS
X housekeeper. Call 112 1 ayior si., room 14.
GERMAN GIRL WISHES SITUATION TO
*J assist in housework and cooking; $15 to $'.O.
2*02 Post st.
1 ADY OF EXPERIENCE DESIRES A POSl-
xj lion as housekeeper In lodging-house or wid-
ower's home. Room 3, 995 Market st.
yOU NO GIRL WISHES TO DO LIGHT
X housework; sleep home preferred. 11:0 a
Wildey st.
SWEDISH GIRL WANTS SITUATION FOR
O general housework iv private lamily. Call
1715 Howard si.
YOU.NG GiRL WOULD LIKE POSITION IN
X uny kind of office understands shorthand,
typewriting and bookkeeping; $3 per week. Ad-
dress Z. La, box 12, Call office.
GERMAN LADY. GOOD SEAMSTRESS. DE
sires few more places for p. ain sewing or
mending In bote or private families; 60 cents per
day. Address L. 8., oox 164. Call.
VOUXG ANI) ATTRACTIVE LADY OF
X many accomp'lshments desires a position as
managing housekeeper In widowers or bachelor's
home. 223 Post st., room 2.
COMPETENT WOMAN DESIRES POSITION
as working housekeeper ln widower's or bach-
elor's home: wages $20 211 Fourth su, room 51.
EXPERIENCED HOUSEKEEPER (WIDOW)
wants work ln wi lower's or bachelor's house-
hold: country preferred. 88 Ninth st., room 17;
hours. 1 1 a. M. to 9p. M.
yOUNG WIDOW WISHES POSITION AS
X housekeeper or do plain gentleman sewing.
106 Fourth St.. room 2.
7 1 O LARKIN-BRANCH OFFICE OF THE
i IO CALL; subscriptions and want ads taken.
yOUNG EASTERN WIDOW OF B FINE-
A ment ana culture desires a position as manag-
ing housekeeper in widower's or bachelor's house.
Room 2, 122 Post st,
SUBSCRIPTIONS AND WANT ADS FOP. THE
Call taken at branch office, 339 Hayes at.;
open until 9:3 J o'clock.
WANT ADS AND SUBSCRIPTIONS FOR
" Thk Call are taken at Branch office, south
west corner sixteenth and Mission s a
WINCHESTER HOUSE. 44 THIRD ST.. NR.
I" Market; 200 rooms vßc .o »1 50 per nUhl;
*1 60 to $6 per week; convenient and respectable;
free bus and baggage to and from the terry.
OW COR. SIXTEENTH ST., NEAR MIS-
Oson; branch office of Th» Call. sub-
scriptions and want ads taken.
SITUATIONS WANTED MALE.
HUNTER <fc CO.. CHINESE AND JAPA-
nese employment office. 17 Webb st.. below
Kearney, Cul.; lei. 231. W.C.YOUNG, mgr
JAPANESE INTELLIGENCE AGENCY. R.
90. St. Ann's bl'g, 6 Eddy st.-. Tel .Main 5234.
CHINESE A JAPAM-SE; EsT'D 20 YEARS:
help; tel. main 1997. BRADLEY A C 0. .640 Clay
CHINESE AND JAPANESE EMPLOYMENT
office: best help 411^ O'FarrelL Tel. E. 426.
MIDDLE-AGED SWISS COUPLE WITHOUT
ii children, industrious and trustworthy, wish
position in country; man practical farmer: woman
good housekeeper: can give good references. Please
call or address '1. C, MILLER, 907 Bryant st.
AKER FOREMAN (GERMAN), FIRST
class on bread or bread and cakes, wants
steady work; city or country. Address 19 Zoe su,
bet. Third and Fourth, near RryunL
BUTTER— BY MAN WHO HAS HAD 11
years' experience In one place; best or refer-
ence from last empi. yer: strictly temperate. Ad-
dress 1 1. J., hox 64, Call Office.
GARDENER AND GENERAL USEFUL GER-
'Jf man, reliable in all its branches, with best, ref-
erences, wants a pos. tion in private family. ad-
dress G. G., box 148, ihi. office.
MARRIEDMAN DESIRES WORK ON SMALL
fruit ranch; wife good cook; comfortable home
desired; wages reasonable. P. BL, box 66, Call.
YOUNG MAN WANTS POSITION AS DlSH-
washer in restaurant. Address A. D. E., box
165. Call office.
HANDY MAN WITH TOOLS WISHES EM-
ployme it or driving delivery wagon. G., box
43, this office.  ,■ >-.
ANDY MAN WANTS LIGHT WORK, FEW
hours dally, for room and board. Address B.
V.. box 72.
yyoHK WANTED BY SWEDISH MAN IN
»' store, or drive ate., m or any kind of work;
handy with tools: best of references. Call or ad-
dress 513 McAllister st.
GOO si BONG BOY. WILLING TO WOKK
•l anything; good references. 400 a Oak st.
wanted- WORK OF ANY kind; EN-
it gineer. fireman, waicu man: must have work
to provide for lam.ly; good re. erences. Address
H. .1., box 118, Cull.
, AHBER WITH 1 YEAR'S 1 XPEKIEXCI-
» wishes employment. Adaress B. 8., box 122,
Call office.
SITUATION WANTED BY A COFFEE-
planter: German, single, with four years' ex-
perience ln Centra) America In coffee, bananas,
cacao ana commissary, wishes to go south again,
us manager or -econd. For particulars writo to
A. Z^ box 134, Cull Office.
A MARKET ST. — BRANCH OFFICE Or" THE
| A Call; want ads and subscriptions taken.
SITUATIONS WANTED-Contlna#»rt.
STRONG YOUNG BOY, 18 YEABS OF AGE,
wishes situation; any kind of employment;
handy: references. Call or aiuress 206 Eleventh.
ANTED — SITUATION BY A YOUNG
'T Swede as coachman and gardener: good
driver: can milk. Address A S., 1200 seventh
at., Cakland.
COMPETENT COOK (GERMAN), STEADY
\J and sober, wants situation in restaurant or
lunchbouse: best of references; moderate wages.
Cook, box 9, Call Office.
RELIABLE, HANDY MAN (MARRIED). HAS
knowledge of gas-tit. as plumber's help.
J. B , box 160, Call Office.
JAPANESE YOUNG BOY WANTS SITU-
'I ation to do general housework. KaTaNO-
AKA. care Japanese Mission, 13-9 Pine s..
JAPANESE HONEST BOY WANTS SITUA-
tiou to do housework. Address 1. BANO, 410
Franklin st.
OOQ HAYKS BRANCH OFFICE OF
OOU lute Call; subscriptions and waut ads
taken. '-''AJ
ACTIVE BUSINESS AN WANTS POSI-
-i\. Hon, any capacity: good office assistant, store
or drive delivery wagon. S., b>x 32, Call Office.
BRANIH OFFICE OF THE CALL, 1»7 NINTH
St. — Want ads and subscriptions taken.
A MARKET ST.— BRANCH OFFICE OF THE
1 Call: want ads and subscriptions taken.
597 MONTGOMERY, CORNER OP CLAY—
.)m* I open untl 9:30 oclock: branch office of
the Call: subscriptions and want ads. taken.
WINCHESTER HOUSE. 44 THIRD BT., NR.
TT Market; 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night:
$1 60 to $6 per week; convenient and respectable;
free bus and baggage to and trom the ferry.
female help wanted.
3 WAITRESSES RESTAURANT, CITY, $20.
$15; 3 girls, second work, $18 cook, private
family, $20; 6 German girls, housework. $20: 6
Swedish girls, housework, $20, $15. C. R. HAN-
SEN A CO., 110 Geary st.
MIDDLE-AGED SCANDINAVIAN WOMAN
to do second work, private family, and care of
the bouse wnen family goes in the country for the
summer: $15 and found. C. R. HANoEN & CO.,
110 Geary at.
GI»?L. NINTH ST., $20: GIRL BUsH SI..
» $25: nursegirl, city, $20; gi I. Milton, Cal..
$20; girl. Post St.. $20; girl. Morley, Cal.. $20;
glil. 1 ddy ct.s2o; girl, Mill Valley, $20; girl,
Fulton si., $15: girl, Novato. $12: Kirl. st iner
St., $15: girl, Geary st.. $15: girl. Pessadero. Cai.,
$15; girl. Green St., $15: tlr.'. Fillmore st., $16;
girl, Vacaville, Cal., $15: girl, SCO t St.. $20: girl,
Golden Gate nve.. $18: girl. Fair Oaks. $29; Hi
jou.ig girls. $»•. $10 and $12 p-r mouth, assist,
etc. MARTIN'S. 749 Market st.
CHAMBERMAID. COUNTRY. SIS AND
mom; waitress. $4 a week: cook, Calaveras
Co. $20 und room; 3 girls, small restaurants. $12
and room: waltresi. $5 a week: waitress, city, $-0
und room; ironer, laundry. $7 • week waitress,
couniry, $30 and room. MARTINS, 749 Market.
GERMAN GIRL. BAKER* - . MARTIN'S, 749
Market.
GERMAN WAITRESS, $20 AND ROJM.
r MARTIN'S, 719 Market.
GF.RMAN GIRI, BUSH ST., $25. MARTIN'S.
VI 749 -Market.
COOK. $45 AND ROOM. MARTIN'S, 749
V. Market.
SECOND GIRL, $15. MARTIN'S. 749
M arket.
GERMAN NCHSKOIRL, CITY, $20. MAR-
TIN '-i, 749 Market sL
GERMAN GIRL, POST ST., $20. MARTIN'S,
749 Market st.
PROTESTANT NURSERY GOVERNESS.
$25; i r3<", counrv ho el, $17 59. fare paid ;
neat housework gin, family of 3, Mayfl-ld, $20,
etc. Ml"- RaT A READY, Leading Employ-
ment Agents, 624-636 Clay st.
TIT A SECOND GIRL AND SEWING.
T > $20, see hilly here at 10:30 to-day: English or
American nurse, $20; 3 conks. German style,
$25; restaurant waitress, $25, and a large num-
ber cf gn a for cooking ana hojsework. J. F.
CROSETT <fc CO., 316 sutler st.
WANTED INFANT'S NURSE,
tt $25: German or French nursery governess
and seams. less. $25: German or Scandinavian
cook, country. $26; housemaid, $20: second eirl,
$20; . first-class German or French cook, $30 to
."Mo. LEON ANDRE. 315 Stockton st.
rANTe.D— NURSEGIRL FOR Nil PLACE
TT In city, $20: waitress for small hot . In coun-
try, $15: woman for general «ork on ranch, $15,
good home, W. D. EWER A Co., 6 6 clay st.
CIOOK-S CHAMBERMAIDS. NUR-EtJIRIS
/and girls ior housework. MRS. HIRD, 721
Ellis st.
•r YOUNG ft ERMAN OR SWEDISH COOKS,
') $25; 6 llr.s for eeneral housework, $20-
-young klrls Inn $10 to $15. German Employ-
ment Office. 306 Mason st.
GERMAN INFANT'S NURSE, $20 AND $25;
"j referenc s quired. German Employment
Office, 306 Mason sL
OFFICE FEE; REDUCED: 25 CTS?.; KIRuS OF
ail nationalities 10 fill various positions. Ger-
man Employment ( ffice, 306 Mason su
LOR MARCH 1, GIRL FOR GENERAL
T housework, family of 6: Protestant; good cook:
wages $2J: references. COOPER, box 147. Coll.
"MT ANTED— OIRL TO HELP IN GENERAL
TT housework an 1 take care of two children. 15
Beaver st., near Noe.
COOK, $30: GIRLS FROM 10 TO 20.GENER-
J al housework In country, $20. 313 Salter sL
OUR LIHT OP EMPLOYES FOR THE NEW
dry-goeds store is not yet complete; If you
want a situation in that store ca.l at once: our
office is open evenings this week for your con-
venience. U. S. Industrial Agency, room 165,
Crocker building.
ANTED-RESPECTARI.K WOMAN FOR
tt general housework for family of 3: wages $10
a month. Apply iTter 11 a. m.. 1245 Clay st.
GERMAN OR SWEDISH CURL FOR HOl'SE-
work. Call 1890 od san Jose road, between
9 and 1; take ocean View electric can.
yOUNG SW 1 DISH GIRL TO TAKE CARE OF
J- children. 914 Green sL
T ADY BARKERS WANTED. 12 HAVES ST.
"yOUNG GIRL TO DO PLAIN SEWING ON
X vests. 2227 a Geary s .
GOOD COOK WANTED AT 1257 OCTAVIA
streei.
GIRL TO ASSIST IN FAMILY OF 2; SLEEP
home; $8. 2424 Folsom st.
"WANTED— EXPERIENCED WAITRESS IN
TT restaurant. 606 Kearny st.
WANTED — YOUNG GIRL FOR LIGHT
TT housework. 1301 Mas mi st.
"yOUNG GIRL FOR HOUSEWORK; REFER-
x ences. 2241 Sutler sl
ANTED— STRONG GIRL FOR (GENERAL
TT housework with references; $15. 1808 Larkin
"\y ANTED— IOOO MISSION WORKERS TO
TT rescue the fallen. Call 8 P M., 31 Third st.
SECOND GIRL WANTED; FRENCH OR GER-
man pr ferr -d. 1257 octavla st. ; j .- - :
EA! YOUNG girl for lighthouse.
Jli work; sleep home. 1011 Buchanan st.
GIRL WANTED TO DO HOUSEWORK AND
laundress 111 a small pilvu.e family ; no cook-
ing; wages trum $12 to $15. call at 1712 Stockton.
GIRL WHO SPEAKS FRENCH 'IO TAKE
caie «t chldren; references. D M. C., box
61, Call Office.
"W ANTED— IO YOUNO LADIES TO LEARN
TT barber trade: shop to open May 1. Particu-
lars call ISBy a Eighth st.. S. F. Barber College.
GOOD OPPORTUNITY FOR A LADY WITH
small capital, i nil al 1065 Market st., room 1
T earn dresscutting and millinery-,
AA $1 per week; unlimited le<sons: patterns
25c. McDowell Dressmaking School, 636 Market.
ipLYNN'S DRESSMAKING AND CUTTING
Academy. 14 McAllister St.; $1 a week.
(•A r*. LARKIN-BRANCH OFFICE OF THK
yJXO Call: subscriptions and want ads. taken.
LAWRENCE CUTTING SCHOOL IS THE
only reliable place for patterns: every ouu
l uaranteed to be perfect. 1231 Market St.
MOST CONVENIENT AND RESPECTABLE;
Winchester House, 44 Third st. near Market:
200 rooms: 25c to $1 &j per night: $1 60 to $6
per week: free 'bus and Baggage to and from ferry.
I"j O NINTH ST— BRANCH OFFICE OF
LIU Ths Call; subscription and want ads
taken. .
MALE HELP WANTED.
SECOND COOK, GOOD ON SHORT ORDERS
and oysters restaurant, $40; short-order cook,
restsurant, city, $35. c. R. HANSEN A CO.,
110 Geary st.
FIRST-CLASS GARDENER; $30 AND
found. C. R. HANSEN A CO., 110 Geary st.
Shop baker, $40 and room, see party
O In office 9 a. m.; second cook, $« week: waiter,
country, $25 and room. MARTIN'S. 749 Market.
|)ANCIIHAND, $20: WOOuCHOPPER. $1 50
Xt a cord: carriage blacksmith helper. MAR-
TIN'S, 749 Market sL
GE MAN SEinxD COOK. $25 AND ROOM.
MARTIN'S, 749 Markei .L
yOUNG MAN LIVING WITH PARENTS;
A work ia day saloon. SE. cor. Clay and Davis.
KELP WAXTKD-Contlnnsfl.
EXPERIENCED FOREMAN FOR RANCH,
oichsrd and vlneva d, $60; 2 pruners: man
i?.. * blackberries on shares. MURRAY &
READY, leading employment agents. 644-636
Clay st.
.^ ' - r- ■ -;- ■ '
0 MILKERS, SAME DAIRY. COUNTRY. Al
** place. MURRAY <fe READY, leading employ-
ment agents- 634-636 Clay st.
WANTED, FOR A STOCK RANCH, YOUNG
tt man who understands leading and gaittng
racehorses, must be a good rider: $30 and board
per mouth. Apply to W. D. EWER A CO., 626
Clay aL
SHOP BUTCHER AND SA USAGE-MAKER
for north, $60 and found: slaughterer, coun-
try, $50 and found; clerk, general merchandise
store, country. R. T. WAiiD & CO., 608 and 610
Clay st.
WANTED-MAN TO RAISE TURKEYS ON
tt snares: errand and chore boy for country, $7
a month and found, good home; cooks and others.
A; piy to J. F. CROSETT & Co., 628 Sicramento.
VI AN AND WIFE. MEaT AND PA-TRY
xv* cook or first aDd second cook, $05 for both:
before 11 a. K. JOHNSuN A CO., 872 Broad-
way, Oakland.
OUR LIST OF EMPLOYES FOR THE NEW
dry goods store is not yet complete; If you
wan- a situation in that store call at once; our of-
fice is open evenings this week for your conveni-
ence, U. S. Industrial Agency, room 166, Crocker
building.
(':"OB DRUMMER, TO SOLICIT ORDERS
,or Printin^-booae; fine chance. ORMSBY,
636 Clay st.
ANTED-80BER MAN AS NIGHT CLERK
tt at 5Uc per nightaDd room. Call bet. 12 and 1
at 126 Fifth st.
"WANTED-YOUNG MAN WHO HAS HAD
JT experience on job work; also on presses R.
R. PATTERsoN, 429 .Montgomery st.
GOOD BARRER WANTED STEADY. NO.
r 2 Eighth si.
"WANTED-BARBER; YOUNG MAN. 81%
TT fourth st.
DRIVER FOR MILK WAGON. COR. TWEN-
tleth and Connecticut sts., Kentncky-sL cars.
VVrANTED-A MAN THAT THOROUGHLY
*T understands horses and gardening and can
milk cows. Address W. R. S . box 76, Call office.
WANTED MART, STRONG YOUNG MAN
TT tolearn trade. STUPARICH. 523 Market st.
BOYS FROM 14 TO 17 YEARS OF AGE.
Apply at 200 Sutter St.
W ANTED- EXPERIENCED C OAR SALES-
TT man. Ad iress H. J., box 72, Call office.
iy ANTED— FIRST-CLASS GERMAN HA lI-
TT ber to buy half interest 111 a .Vchair well-pay-
ing shop: $^50. CARL HERBERGER, &12
Fi.lmoie st., city.
W" ANTED— AN IDEA; WHO CAN THINK
TT of some simp:e thing to patent? 1 roteci your
ide s: lliev may bring vim wealth. Wilt- JOHN
WEDDERBURN & CO.. Dep:. L, Pwient Alt.
neys. Washington, D. c. tor their $1800 prize
offer and new list of 10-^0 inventions wanted.
BLACKSMITH AND HORSESHOEING SHOP
Xi for sale; bargain. 1620 Harrison st.
Ty A N D-BODY IRONERS FOR SHIRTS
'* and star. work. Contra Costa Laundry.
Oakland.
WANTED- RELIABLE MAN FOR
TT position in country: must have $5 expense
money. Call after 10 a. m.. 9 Geary, room 2.
GREAT BENEFIT TO MEN OUT OF WORK.
539 California st.
1. ADIES' AND GENTS' MISFIT i-HOES
Xj bought and exchanged; new vamps and sec-
ond-hand shoes for sale; large stock; shoes made
to ordi-r: bes stock; work guaranteed: all kinds
of repairing 744 Mission, near Grand Opera-bouse.
BARKERS— SHOP IN COUNTRY, $100.
DECKELMAN, 504 Battery st.
\\f AN 1 ED— salesman experienced in
"T school supplies. Whlt»Ker-Ray C 0. .723 Markt
-*- — — —
Barre:rs_ Foil employment CALL sec
lx I*. C Barbers' Assn. «. E'UCHs, 325(irantava
JOURNEYMEN BABUERs' EMCLOVMENi'
fe^retrrv .IL 1-ERNARD. 102 seventh st.
BARBER-SHOP. RUNNING SCHaIRS; LOW
reut; good location; price $125; trial given;
this Is a rare chance. J., box 67, Call Office.
j A KBER WA>HSI ANDS, 1. 2 AND 3 BOWLS,
1 cheap. H. HUFsCHMIDT, 623 Golden Gate ay
ELCHO HOU^K, 863 V» MARKET ST.— ROOMS
1-t 20c. 25c to 60c ntuht; $1 to (2 week.
OXO:; MISSION — SUBSCRIPTIONS AND
— «)—() «ant nds taken for THE: CALL.
|>E»T IN CITY— SINGLE ROOMS. IS, 20 AND
Xi 25 cents per night: $1. $1 2b, $1 60 per wee*.
Pacific House. commercial and Leldesdorff its.
I I(' NINTH ST. — BRANCH OFFICE OF
1 1 '1 UK Call; subscriptiou and want ads.
taken.
t. 1 UNSWICK HOUSE, 148 SIXTH ST.: OPEN"
« • all night; moms 25c to $1 per night: *1 25 10
$5 per week. J. O. DRAKE, Manager.
STYLISH AND DURABLE CALF SHOES
m ide to order. $2 60. 959 Howard, hr. Sixth.
KECRUITB WANTED FOE THE U. S. MA-
rine Corps. XJ. s. Able-bodied unmar-
ried men between the ages of 21 and 80 years
who are citizens of the United s:ates. or thoss
who have legally declared iheir Intention to be-
come such; must be of good character anu habits
and able to speak, read and write English and bs
between 6 feet 6 Inches and 6 feet ln height. For
further information apply at the Recruiting Office,
20 Ellis St., San Francisco, Cal.
KOOMS 15c TO 76c PER NIGHT; 60c TO $1 5 J
per week. Oriental. 225 Drumm st.
INGLE FURNISH ROOMS; 15c A NIGHT:
76c week. Llndell House, Sixth and Howard.
WANT ads AND SUBSCRIPTIONS FOR
tt Tub Call are taken at Branch office, south-
west corner Sixteenth and Misslou sta
UT ANTED.TOCOLLECT wages due; LABOR
ers&clerics. KNoX Collection Aecy. 110 butts:
9^')|' MISSION ST.— BRANCH OFFICE OF
— »J«.U Thk Call; subscriptions and want ads
taken.
'IKY ACME HOUSE 957 MARKET ST.. RK-
X low bixth. for a room: 15c a night: $1 a weak.
1 i\i\ MEN TO TAKE DOING AT 10c, 130
X ijyj and '.'Oc a night, including coffee sua roils.
12-1 Washington su, near Kearuy.
WANTED— LA AN D MECHANICS
TT to know that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprie-
tor, still rons Denver House. 217 Third st-: la J
large rooms; 25c per night; $. to $3 per week.
r>OSEDALK. 321 ELLIS ST.— SINGLE FUR-
t nisbed rooms. 20c to 26c nieht. $1 to $1 60 wk.
AS SIMON WANTS 100 M..N To i.ET BOI-
XJ. lie beer or wive 6c ; best free lunch. 643CIay.
W INCHESTER HOUSE, 44 THIRD ST.. NIL
tt Market: 200 rooms, 26c a night: reading-
room: free bus and baggage to and from the terry.
\\r ANTED- SINGLE ROOMS, 15c A DAY: $1
'» weeic-, rooms for 2, 25c a day. $1 60 a week;
leading-room: dally papers. 36 Clay st.
WANTED YOUR SHOES —WE REPAIR
*• shoes up to 9 o'clock every night: those work-
tec through the day can have their snoes repaired
st nlgut while you wait; laaiea' soling, 35c; meat
tollng, 60c: fin* shoes mads to order from $2 up:
we have a lot of shoo* been damaged by water, a:
less than one-fourth their valne, from 26c up ut
92 50. f>62 Mission St.. bet. First s . and SerondsL
AGENTS WANTED.
ASK OUR AGENTS WHO IS MAKING THE
most money. BRICK & CO., nove.lles, 777
Market st.
i
AGENTS— ALL THE BOOKBUYERS WILL
bjy the new memorial edition of "Uncle
Tom's Cabin": If you wish to make money don't
delay in applying for territory to F. PERsON".
manager subscription department. The Whitaker
A Ray Company. 723 Market sl
AGENTS— A NEW MAP OF CALIFORNIA,
-V th.- latest and tbe b«st; now Is the time to
m.ike money: "strike whiie the Iron is hot." F.
Per«on, manager subscrip ion dept.. THE WHIT-
AKER A. RAY COMPANY, 723 Market sU , j, . ;
Ur ANTED - STEADY MAN FOR PERMA-
TT nent position in cash business: must be satis-
fied with $20 per week and have $200 cash. Ap-
ply 777 Market St., room 7.
LADY OR GENTLEMEN AGENT- WANTED
in each town on the coast for office business.
Send 10c for samples and circulars to Nature Sup-
ply Company, 24vg Third St.. S. F.
FCRNITIRE WANTED.
IF YOU WANT GOOD PRICES FOR FURNI-
J. ture and merchandise see BURD, 211 Larkla.
HIGHER PRICrt THAN ANYWHERE PAID
by Indians Auction 10.1057 M«rkPt.opt>.Jone»
ROOMS WANTED.
SOCIABLE GENTLEMAN WOULD I IKE TO
find a room in a strictly private family on Van
Ni ss sve. or near bet. 1 a if r .a and Lombard sis.
Addiesi J. P , box 69, Call Office.
"WANTED— 2 ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING,
TT or small cottage; moderate 1 ree. A. IS., box
3. Coll Offi c
WANTED- MISCELLANEOUS.
LARGE MIRROR; 6 OR 8 FEET LONG BY
J2or 4 feet wide: cheap. A. 8., box 4V, Call.
BUILDINGS BOUGHT; LUMBER. SASHED
doors, mantels etc., for sale. 1166 Mission sl
ELL YOUR BOOKS, clothing AND, jew-
O elry to A. KLEIN, 108 bixth »L ; tend postal.
EDUCATIONAL.
LUCKHARDT'S COMBINED ASSAY OFFICE
and School of Instruction (incorporated);
I'iiAi 1 ICAi. and INDIVIDUAL instruction in
the latest Improved methods in assaying, analysis,
electroplating. CYAN IDE process, etc.; SPECIAL
ATTENTION given to caiefui a say and analysis
of ores, waters, etc. 26 O'Farrell st.: elevator.
A SCHOOL OF PHYSICAL CULTURE AND
J\. Elocution. 1215 Octavia sL, son Francisco,
MISS ELIZA MA KINTOSH. pupil of Professor
G. W. Baynham, Glasgow, Scotland, and cradu
of the ochool of Oratory, Philadelphia, Pa.,
leachsr. I ffice days, Tnurs. and SaL P. m.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 POST—
Bookkeeping, business practice, shorthand,
typing, telegraphy, languages, English branches,
electrical engineering: 20 teachers: 15,000 gradu-
ates; day and evening sessions; catalogue.
©l- COMPLETE COURSE, SHORTHAND
iullo. and typewriting (Pitman or Graham) by
Eastern aw stenographer; day or evening ins. ruc-
tion. 1816i/a Posl •
AYRES', THE LEADING COLLEGE. 3'Jl
Montgomery St.: individual instruction m
shorthand, lyplntr. bookkeeping, telegraphy, eta :
lne scholarship $50: low rales tier week and mo.
STAMMERING, LISPING. ALL IMPERI'EC-
tIons of speech, positively cured: voice build-
ing, individual instruction; references from best in
California. PROF. K. B. DAVIS. 1508 Markeu
ENGINEERING SCHOOL; MECH.. ELEC,
ci » 11. mining, survey, ai>sav, archil.. X ray
tauiht;es.lB6*. A.VAN DER NAILLEN.933 Mkt
S TIEHL'S SHORTHAND AND BUSINESS
College. 723 Market st. ; students trained; office
situatious secured-, lowest rates or credit for tuition
ELOCUTION AND DRAMA: lEI.SARTE
thoroughly taught; appearances arranged; 1 to
Bp.m. OLiVE HOFP-SCHROKDER, 299 Hyde
BKLASCO'S LYCEUM SCHOOL OF ACTING—
Private theatricals arranged: pupils rehearsed
on stage. R. 5 aud 12, 1.0.0. F. block, 7th and MkL
S DESCRIPTIONS AND WANT ADS FORTHE
Call taken at branch office, 339 Hayes sl.;
open uutil 9:30 o'clock.
PIANO LESSONS AT PUPIL'S HOME; 50c;
best ref. B. F. , box 76, Call Office.
SPANISH.FRENCH.Etc.: Prof. De FILIPPE'S
Academy of Languages, 320 Post st -.estab'd 1871
SINGING; PIANO: PARIS GRADUATE;
French, German languages: $2 mo. 109 Taylor.
LEO COOPER'S SCHOOL OF ACTING, DaNC-
-i ing, voice, pantomime, stake. 814 Geary su
pROF. L. RANKIN — VIOLIN. MANDOLIN,
A mandola :terms reasonable. 225Geary,nr. Powell
GUITAR, MANDOLIN, hANu AND VUUAi.
VT lessons. $3 ma Mary Westhans. 39 Fifth.
UOOKKPNO, WKITNO. ARITHMTC. GRAMR,
1 > day Anight; nocla<se«: $5 month. 845 Mission.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AT SHERMaN, CLAY A CO.'S ONLY WILL
-TV you find a stock of new steinway pianos
! ACTUALLY THE BEST BARGAINS IN I
I -TV pianos; see our Ist for this week: pianos on
I $3, $4, $5, $t>, $7. $8. $9, $10, $15. $20 monthly
i payments: tine stool aud cover with each: deliv-
'. ered free anywhere ln the city and kept tuned by
I expert concert luners. The F. W. SPENCER CO.
Salesrooms. 933 Market st., opp. Mason.
OCR RENT CONTRACT PLAN ENABLES
every family to have a fine new plana SHER-
MAN, CLAY A CO.. Kearny and Sutler sts.
ABSOLUTELY THE OLDEST AN LARGEST
house west of Chicago Is KOHLER A
CHASE'S, 26, 28 and SO ar rell bl.- pianos, or-
gans and all other musical Instruments, of all
grades and prices: terms easy: prices lowest;
everything po-aibis done 10 please aud satisfy me
customer.
"WHY PAY HEX 1' FOR A PIANO WHEN
»* the same mon-.hlv payments will purchase I
one at SHERMAN, cLAY A Ctt'S.
I ONA FIDE REDUCTION IN PRICES—
' Haines. Knabe, Bush A Gerts and others: sec-
ond-hand pianos from $100 up. W. C. HAMIL-
TON, successor to A. L. Bancroft A Co., 324 i OaL
THE BEST PIANOS OF EVERY GRADE,
from steinway down, can be found at SHER-
MAN, CLAY A CCS.
ADMINISTRATOR'S SALE — MUST SELL.
"V pianos at immense reduction for cash or on
installments. EaTON ESTATE, 735 Markeu
' ANO-s SOLD AT SHERMAN, CLAY <fc Ctt'S
on very easy payments.
GOOD UPRIGHTS $125, $160 AND $175:
square $65: call soon. MAUVAIS MUSIC
COMPAN V. 769 Market st.
BARGAIN — FINE LARGE UPRIGHT;
che p. SCHMITZ. 18 McAllister St., next to
Hibernia Bank.
"L"<LEGANT WEKER AND STKINWAY: OR-
Ci dered sold at once. 809 Market sL, room 12.
Ql)|l A GOOD 7-OcTAVE UPRIGHT; FINE
ijptJX.'. condition; $sicstallmts.22lLeavenwortb.
H ORNUNG'S PIaNO; MOST PERFECT;
brilliant nnd powerful tone. 216 Post st.
W G. BADGER. SOI.E Ai-ENT FORHALLET
' " .A Davisand Francis Bacon pianos. 415 sacta
Cl I f\f. a walnut UPRIGHT. stool,
«£) -*-"*-'• scarf. Bruenn's Plano-iiouse. 228 Posl
A SHAW. STEINWAY $260. CHICKERING
$185; great bargains; $4 mo. HEINE. I 36 Ellis.
BYRON MAIZY, 308 Po&T ST.— sOHMER,
Newbv A Evans. Kritres and other pianos.
UPERIOR VIOLINS, ZITHEKS, OLD* NEW
OH. MULLER, maker, repairer. 2 Latham piace.
A WEEK'S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS — THI»
WEEKLY CALL, in wrapper, for moillne.
HORSES.
Af\ HORSES FOR SALE; ALSO WAGONS,
x\J buggies, carts, harness; Grand Arrade Horss
Market, 327 sixth St.: auction sales every Wed-
nesday. SULLIVAN ADO iLE. Auctioneers.
C(\ HEAD OF HORSES SUITABLE FOR ANY
OKJ business from 900 to 1600 pounds. O.d Turk-
st. carstsbles, 1301 Turk; must be sold.
A LL KINDS OF TURNOUTS TO LET AND
-i\. for sale at M. F. BOYCE'S livery stable. 38
Twelfth st. jjj :
F.(MI SET NEW AND SECOND-HAND HAR-
-O\J\J ness: all kinds: buggy. wagon, carts, sarrsf
< : roekaua-,-; 40 cheap horses. 16th "and Valencia.
r/\ HEAD DRIVING AND WORK HORSES;
OKJ weight 1000 to 1700 bs. 862 Howard st.
WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
"VTEW AND SECOND-HAND BAKER.' LAUN-
Xi dry and milk-wagon; also fine top baggy and
rockaway. 8-8 Harrison sL
FOR SALE-MISCELLANEOUS.
COLLECTION OF 10 RARE VIOLINS FROM
th» estate of an artist for sale cheap. Inquire
410 Kearny st., room 10.
"ITOR SALE— FURNISHED FLAT OF 9ROOMS-
JO 3 days only. 701.- otoma sl
W HEELER A WILSON FAMILY SEWING
»i machines cheap on account of removal. 128
Tilth sL
VJTCE COUNTER AND SHELVING COM-
i.I plete for saloon use. 211 Ninth sL
T.l AMI HORSE, PHAE ON AND HAR-
X ness for sale, cheap. 1212 Golden Gate ava
ST. BERNARD PUPS; PRIZE; PEDIGREE-
stock: sire, champion. Grand Master; dam'
first prize. Beauty; perfect color and markings'
312 V* Fulton st. **
AJEW B L M WO RANGES ARE THE BEST.
-l\ W. S. RAY MFG. CO.. 12 California sL
ijoiLERNENGiNEs.2D-H and machinery
XJ water-pipes. Mcintosh A Woipman, 137*Beala.
LARS, BACK BARS, MIRRORS. SHOW-
x> cases, louuiers, linoleum, office furniture,
store and office furnitur- and fixtures, new and
second baud. J. Nt.ONAN, 1017-1019-
Mission su, above Sixth.
BARS, SCALES. MIRRORS. FRENCH
ranges, etc.. bought, sold. MEEK, 1118 Mission.
RATIONAL CASH REGISTER, GOOD OR-
XI der; also large folding-door safe. 8 Mission K.
COFFEE MILL. SCALES, LETTER PRESS,
\J stand desk, money till, sate: cheap. 102 Clay.
l- ARS, SHOWCASES, COUNTERS. SHELV-
i J Ing. etc.. lought and sold. 1063 Mission. nr.7th.
ONE SMALL MEDIUM AND LARGE-SIZE
hre and burglar proof safe. 109-11 Market sc.
PROFESSIONAL CARDS.
JOHN E. RICHARD^ LAW OFFICES. ROOM 4
26 and 27, Crocker buildity;; Muepuoue Ma.4
«5, Can 1 ■ rune. CaL
JOHN R. AITKEN AND MAURICE L. ASHER."
atlys at law. rms 615.516. 6ih tloor. Parrott old*
HOTELS. %\ "'.*'
BROOKLYN HOTEL 208-212 BUSH ST„
Al board and room $1 to $2 per day, $6 to $12
per wee*; choice rooms 60 cents to $1; suite
looms for family $1 10 sl 50 per night: llrst-class
service: tree coach. CHARLES MONTGOMERY
PHYSICIANS.
DR-<i C. O'DONNELL 1206 MARKET, RES.
2864 25th sL ; diseases of women a specialty.
STORAGE.
EDUCED RATES, FCRNITU KE, PIANOS?
household gooJs, etc. J. M. FIERCE, 735 Mku
BUSINESS CHANCES.
HIGHEST CASH PRICES PAID FOR FURN I-
ture. restaurant, saloon fixtures md erocerr
stocks. STERNBERG. 632 Market; tel main 1043.
Ci7AA LUNCH HOUSE AND SALO ;N:
«IP I UU. < asli register, billiard and pool tables, m
fl c mirror, eta; good corner: low rent; big bar- ■
gain STENBERi. A CO., 6Si Market st. J
SI 9lin OLD-ESTABLISHED AND WELL-
<IP IJmKjyj. known saloon: naif block north of
Market st.: this place is elecantly fitted up and
well stocked; must be sold, as proprietor has other
business which requires his time: every Investiga-
tion allowed. STENBERG A CO., 632 Ma ket sL
SO^fl BEST PAYING OUTSIDE ROUTE IN
tlP'itMi. this city; rood hoise and wagon : no
experience necessary: positively clears $lt;0 a
monthtweek's trial. STE .BERG CO., 632 Market
fTIROSK WHO ARE SEEKING BUSINESS
x Places It will pay hem to consult the reliable
firm of THOMAS a CO., 33 Sixth st, room 18.
Telephone South 592.
TV-ANTED -PRIVATE PARTY TO AD-
t» vance means to help poor woman recover her
2wi n ««,i i 1 * " at « administrator has us--d
$10,000 and real property for years: money se-
cured by interest In pioperty. li. a., box 72, CalL
WANTED- PARTNER; EXPERIENCED
WJ,'i?J «Sf. !^M^ familiar with new district in
British Columbia, wants lady par ncr: small capi-
tal requ red. M. C. G., box 72, call office.
DARTNER WANTED IN PAYING hT-
X loon: recently opened; will bear mvesilta-
tiou. Room 18, 33 sixth st mvestiga-
P ARTNER WANTED WITH $150 TO IN-
vest in a medical-bath treatment business. 33
Sixth St., room 18.
QinOfi PARTNER WANTED IN down-
«iriUUl'. town saD on: best business corner-
rare chance for the right man to invest In Ursl'-
class paying place. WILKE, 531 California st.
CgOA/l PARTNER WANTED IN GENTEEL
C*— UU. business suited to plain, steady man
satisfied with $. 5 per week indoor work; easily
learned. 9 Geary St.. room 2.
SALOON POR SALE: OLD ESTABLISHED
and well known: finely fitted up; disagree-
ment ot partners only cause of sale. Apply 33
Sixth sL
ffij IOC PARTNER AS CASHIER AND AS-
O-l-^-'J. slstanc in restaurant, $40 per month,
room and board. Apply 83 sixth st., room 18.
Fine candy-Store ON Market, duing
X a good business; will bear Investigation. 33 *
Sixth st., room 18.
OLD CORNER SALOON— MUST BE SOLD ,
within the next week. Apply HILBERT J
BROS., 103 I owell sl
STATIONERY—TORE— GOOD-PAYING
place: nice for woman to make a good living.
Inquire Call Office.
X^OR SALE— CHEAP. PARLOR SET; NEAR-
JO ly new; 6 pieces. 2503 Post sl
CIGAR-STORE FOP. SALE CHEAP. 41
\J Fourth st.
RARE OPPORTUNITY for AN INVEST-
ment in a splendidly established general mer-
cbaudise business: 111 health the reason for sell-
ing: capital required about $20,000 or $25,000.
Address B. T., box 119.
BUTCHER-SHOP FOR SALE, CLEARING
$100 per month: must be sold by Ist of March;
tor half Its value; Allocation. Corner Pine and
Hyde sis.
'TRADE Ri-AL ESTATE FOR CASH BUSI-
X ness yielding prompt returns. Am. steel Co.,
Basement Crocker Bidg.
iR-sTAND SALE; RARE OPPOR-
tunily; fine location. Apply tailor-shop, 120
Powell st. -JJ-.-:*
STOCK OF GROCERIES FOR SALE AT SW.
cor. Tost and Hyde sts: store to let; rent $26.
I — .
GROCERY AND BAR, WITH 6 LIVING-
rooms; kept by present owner 12 years. SE.
cor. Twenty-sixth and Bartlett sl
GOOD CLUBROOMS TO RENT IN SALOON
one block from NlarkeL Club, box 118, Call.
MAN WITH $75 CAN MAKE MONEY EASY.
Particulars 539 California st.
SALOON FOR SALE. COR. POWELL AYE.
aid M sslon st.
PROSPEROUS REPUBLICAN WEEKLY
newspaper; golden opportunity: easy terms;
owner leaving. Adlress -V, box 61, this office.
L"<OR SALE— -.BUSHED CORNER
X grocery and bar; on account of sickness. Ap-
ply to WICHMAN, LU JEN A Co., 3-0 Clay
St., bet. 8 and 10 a. m. ; no agents-
©OOO BUYS A HOTEL EAR AND RESTAU-
*S)Ai. yjyj rant; rent $12. 2521 Twenty-fourth st.,
near where Ho.vard-st. car stops Potrero aye.
PAVING SALOON: GOOD LOCATION; DAILY
receipts $10 to Sl2: must he bold account of
sickness. Inquire Call Office - -....
STAYING OUTFIT AND ESTABLISHED
busiuess for sale. Address Assayer, box 26,
Auburn. Cal.
GOOD-PAYING CANDY, STATIONERY AND
ci-.ar-store; cheap; account of sickness. 1314
Howard st.
YOUNG WIDOW INGOODCTRCI
X want* gentleman partner. 104 Ms-ion s;.
SALOON FOR SAIE: A BARGAIN: ON AO
count of leaving city. 515 Market st.
GENTLEMAN PARTNER WITH SMALL
capital wanted by young widow. 207 Post. r. 8.
fit"! F*.sf\(\ FOR SALE OR EXCHANGE; FOR
»4P 1 o\Jyf. city property.old-established harness
business In San Luis Obispo County: if residence
is wanted $4500. Address W., box 60, Call Office.
UNPARALLELED INDUCEMENTS FOR IN-
vestors In good cold mine. For particalars call
H.H. FERNS, 450 Townsend sL J
NIMATOSCOPE— PROJECTING LIVING
pictures. Anlmatoscope, 933 MrkL, 7th floor.
GENTLEMAN PARTNER BY ATTRACTIVE
and refined young lady. 1 Fifth st., room 1.
EXPEESS BUSINESS, COR. SANSOME AND
Sutter sta J. C. FREDERICKS.
ITY! ROUTE FOR SALE. APPLY THIS
Office. .JJ.<J
Or\->a MISSION — SUBSCRIPTIONS AND
AmO—yj want ads taken for Thk Call.
JUNE BASEMENT SUITABLE FOR ANY
business; one block from MarkeL 16 Grant aye.
LATEST CAR FENDER PATENT: BEST IN
vention. Apply 623 Golden Gate aye.
•VTEWSPAPER ROUTE IN INTERIOR CITY"
-Li close to ban Francisca For particulars apply
this office. v * *
qqq hayes— branch office of the
OOU Call: subscriptions and wont ads taken.
LODGING-HOUSES EOR SALE.
Oft ROOM HOUSE ON MARKET ST $1400
OU 22-room house, only $ 400
65 rooms, cor... 3,0001 14 rms on Sutter. 70U
11 rs-, must sell 20 j ' 66 rms, best city. B,so!)
H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market St., opp. Fifth.
©QFiA 34-ROOM HOUSE: ROOMS ALL
HVOOyJ. rented. H. C. DECKER, 1020 MarkeL
flgJAfl 23 ROOM HOUSE CLOsE TO LARGE
tJpIUU. factories; every room rented: big liar- J
gain. STENBERG <fc CO., 632 Market st.
HOUSE OF 8 ROOMS, FILL, COMPLETELY
and newly furnished, for sale on account of
slckuess, cheap; no dealers. 208 Seventh sL
I ODGING-HOUSE FOR SALE; ONACCOUNT
J retiring. Inquire 725 Golden Gate aye., a.m.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
A MONEY-RAISING s-ALE— 3O DAYS ONLY
Bedroom sets. 3 pieces $9 50
Solid oak dining chairs 75c
4-room furniture outfit .."...].. $67 60
Brussels carpet, laid "■ "sScyori
SHIREK A sHIREK.. 747 Market' iu," opp Jsita
Grant aye.
A LL KINDS OF HOUSEHOLD GO'IDS, MAT-
aZ\. tresses, chairs, tables, crockery and glassware
sacrificed cheap; party moving away. 2111,3 9th.
A(U\ CARPj-.TS; CHAMBER SETS, $lt:
t W stoves. $5: parlor sets. 920: folding-bedv
$10: bar outfits. T. D. MCCARTHY. 764 Mission.
AT L. J. NEUMANN'S. 117 SIXTH, FOP.
lowest prices on household goods: new or good
new; cas.i or on time: opeu evenings.
FOR SALE— FURNITURE OF FOUR ROOMS,
good as new; must he sold in a few daya CaU
and investigate at 35 Dorland st.
J TURN ITURE. STOVES. CARPETS. COUN-
ters. showcases. ANDERSON. 1121 Market.
CARPET CLEANING.
CITY STEAM CARPET CLEANING WORKS;
cleans, moves, lavs carpets. G. H. STEVENdJ
Mir. 38 and 40 Eighth St.; telephone South 250.
WHEN YOU BECOME DISGUSTED WITH
'» poor work send toSPAULDING'S Pioneer Car-
pet-beating Works, 353-57 Tehama at.; tel. So. 4u, \
CA LEANING, 3c: LAYING, 3c: RUG 1
samples free; tel. oesiie 944. Stratton, 38th st. m
DVANCE CARPET-CLEANING CO.. 402 I
Sutler; tel. Main 394. GEO. WaL< OM, prop!
J WATTS, reliable carpet-cleaiitug renovig. a!i»r.
. ation works. 409 McAllister. Tel. Jessie 321.
GARRETS CLEANED* RENOVATED LIKE
new. 23 Tenth; lei. South 36. Mackintosh A Co.
E. MITCHELL. CARPET-CLEAMNU CO..
. 240 14th sl : cleaning 3c a yard. TeL Mis 7L
ONKLIN'S CARPET- BEATING WORKS
333 Golden Gate aye. Telephone East 1-6.,"".* '''■•'' HOUSES TO LET.
• L's SHTON A GARDINER, 411 MONTGOMERY
A St.; bles li tie cottage of 4 rooms: 1009 Ala-
bama sU., near Twenty-second: rent $9.
V LEO ANT SUNNY' CORNER; WELL-FUR.
i i. nished (j rooms: bath, etc. : ient low; good ten-
J al i: desired. Addresa S., box 114, Call Office.
A TToUSE 4 ROOMS: REAR 1310 LARKIN ST
J 1 Apply 1318 larkin st.
.'. {UIO 8 ROOMS AND RATH; NEWLY PA-
>. 1' • pered; in good condition. 2123 Mason st.
' "C 111 1731 BROADWAY. NEAR GOUGH— 8
-O' 1 "- looms: every convenience; marine view.
BAD TENANTS EJECTED; $3. SMITH
collector. 14 McAllister st., rooms 10-11. - '
flgon 2814LAOUNA: HOUSE 6 ROOMS "
' >-:U. $16-1836 Union: corner 4 room*"
.SI4— ISS3 Uniou; 4 rooms.
' ROOMS; 533b SECOND ST.: $16 PER
0 month. Key at 589 i- econd st.
' 7 ROOMS; 587b SKCOND ST.: »17 PER
. I month. Key at 539 Second sL
' r\ ROOMS: NEW HOUSE: MODERN IM-
«' provements; 45 Inderal s'.; $15 per month to
desirable tenants. Key at 639 second at.
HOUSES TO KENT FOX VERY LITTLE
money at BALDWIN «k HAMMOND'S, IJ
:_ Moniromerv su
ITKMSHED HOUSES.
T^DRNITURE; 4 ROOMS COMPLETE FOR
A housekeeping; bath; lorge yard: must be sold
immediately; sacrifice: rent $12. 626 Natoma sU;
. no agents.
CdMPORTARLV FURNISHED COTTAGE: 5
rooms, batu: garden; rent very low. 2441
• Larkin su
COTTAGES TO LET.
9 REM COI IND 5 ROOMS: RATH j
— basement; corner Twentieth and F'olsom sts.:
no children.
-Ql r NICE COTTAGE; 5 ttOOBlS: ' BATH;
0-*-t>- sunny: yard; cellar Key 711 Treat aye.
S7 AND $9: COTTAGF:s: 3 AND 4 KOOMS;
> f\y) i good order. Apply on premises, 945 Bryant
.St.. or G. II I'MBSKN A CO. 14 Montgomery st.
/ FLATS TO LET;
-jai dale place, off golden gate
X.KJ'4 aye.. bet. Leavenworth and H de— 4 rooms.
-oj 1 LARKIN— F'LVT TO let: 6 ROOMS
. 1 v/d'3 and bath; mo leru improvements; rentsSs
].-.)., FELL, BKT. MASONIC AND CKN-
• IU— _ tral ayes., facia. Park panhandle—
. rooms; up; or; new; bath; sunny: $16.
-. 79QA GROVE-LOWER FLAT; 4 ROOMS;
1 — U both; light; sunny; nice yard.
: "1 *~)f\r GOLDEN GATE A\'E. — 3 ROOMS;
X— KJO front and bock par.ors; kitchen; wash-
room; basemenu
• 1 OWER AND UPPER F"LATS-5 ROOMS,
XJ bath and yard; $15 and $18. 12 Shotwell St.,
- near Fourteenth.
QA SILVER— 3 large SUNNY ROOMS up-
OKJ stairs, $b: 3 large rooms downs' airs, $7.
"L"" LAT OF 4 ROOMS SOUTHWEST CORNER
: X Post and Hyde sts; rent $17 50.
.YEW J-UNNY UPPER FLAT; 4 BOOMS; 3176
Vi 25th,cor. F'olsom. J. A. Ui. 41 Crocker bl.
QCNNY' M'DDLE FLAT; 5 LARGE ROOMS
0 and bath; rent reduced. 1525 Li 'lurk st.
IQOQI SACRAMENTO — FLAT 5 ROOMS:
1 •)_')» modern improvements: rent $16.
• T'LN i": 5 ROOMS A Ml BATH: SUNNY" BELT;
.1" 115 per month: 2610^1 Mission sU Apply 844
. larp st.
Q»?-% MODERN FLAT; 8 ROOMS, BATH.
. V— O. 1128 noward St., uear Seventh.
T'URNISHED FLAT: 2 BEDROOMS, KITCH-
Ken and parlor; rent only $14 per month. Ap-
• ply 515 Second st.
TOTHE RIGHT PARTY'— I CAN SELL A NEW
cottage of 4 rooms and bath on terms of 150
•'cash and balance monthly. E. LONG, 3-07
" Tueiity-second st., corner Mission. OtHee open
evenings after 7;o0.
OC HERMANN, COR. MARKET AND V Air
— O encia— Fiat; 6 rooms and large basemenu
A -ROOM FLAT; FEDERAL PLACE, OFF F'ED-
-1 eral st.: 10 a tenant without children; $10 per
■ mouth. Key at 639 -ecoud at.
pHEAP MODERN FLATS, 6 AND 6
vy rooms, 9* to $16; see them. 523 Seventh st.
"FLATS to «E.\T for very LITTLE
A money at EAiIiWLV A HAMMONi/ii 10
a- 1 r> iron- prv pr.
HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS.
Eddy Street.
• 7 "l Q EDDY— LARGE FRONT ROOM, WITH
. * I €7 or without kitchen; lower floor; 912 per
■ month.
X.111% street.
• 099 ELLIS - ELEGANTLY' FURNISHED
,1 —a. houseKc-piiig aod single rooms: reasonable
'•3 C ?Pi £ LLIS - ELEGANTLY FURNISHED
• «»-'J housekeeping rooms, with bath; reason-
ab.e..
" H?l(» K LLIS-1 LAK..F; FURNISHED ROOM
. .- OOU with privilege of light housekeeping.
• fi^Q EL LI% Colt. LAKKIN UNNY FUR-
■'' eh , su'iie I '' ,Ue<l * y-wlna «* *■»* kitchen;* singly or
.*'" ; • • tilth street.
: '^14 FIFTH-2 SUNNY FRONT HOUSE-
dre-i $10 ' De r °° mS: Btove ' cloBet - bath; nochl^
'" -99 FIFTH-2 ROOMS FURNIsHED FOR
. O&Ima housekeeping: rent Cheap.
IQ9K FIFTH-CLKAN FURNISHED HOUSfT-
OJ.O keeping: 2 «11; 1 $": single $5, " uoist "
, Fillmore Street.
. -Q.l 0 * SUNNY UNFURNISHED ROOMS-
• *rpx\J. K ooo yard. -212 F'ilimore st , Dear Clay!
. . 1 olsom Street.
94-1 £» FOLSOM-2 NICE HOUSEKEEPING
** rx I O rooms with use of parlor: gas, bath sta-
tionary wash tubs; healthy location.
J: ourth Street.
'AH FOURTH — CHEAPEST AND BEST
1-11, housekeeping and single rooms In the city. j
Golden Gate Avenue.
£C|)o GOLDEN GATE AVF..-2 FURNISHED
0"O sunny rooms for housekeeping.
•i— — — ________
Howard Street.
- 7JT)!-\ HOWARD-l OR 2 ROOMSFURNISHED
OJ.O complete for housekeeping; reasonable.
1 1 A 9 HOWARD— 2 NICE FURNISHED sUN-
"I 1 "j— my rooms; range and water: rent $10.
rr — "
oouea street.
° SAC JONES — PLEASANT SUNNY ROOMS,
'••OKJO suites and single, und housekeeping rooms.
5 Op-it STEVENSON (UPSTAIRS) —2 NICE
♦JO » sunny rooms ' for light housekeeping;
also single rooms.
Eaguna Street.
QAA LAGUNA, NE. CORNER OF McALLIS-
Uy>KJ ter— Sunny housekeeping rooms, with or
' 'without cas stove.
Larkin Street.
■' -~>*~)(\ LARK !N-3 ELEGANT SUNNY HOUSE-
; OuuiK) Keeping apartments; gas stove: central.
■I LARKIN — 3 SUNNY' FRONT ROOMS
1 — O for light housekeeping; terms moderate.
' 'r,sf\(\ i ARKIN, COIL TURK — 3 SUNNY
sJyJKJ housekeeping rooms.
i.i-sieiiwunh .->.r«e:.
2 .J-T. LEA WORTH —LARGE. UNFUR-
• —xj nished, b y-wlndow, sunny, alcove room;
$12; American family.
Market Street. - .
LARGE FRONT ROOM; ALSO SUNNY
housekeeping. 1065 Market, opp. Jones.
Slason Street.
" A 1 Q MASON— NICELY FURNISHED SUNNY
- i 1 .) rooms for housekeeping; also others:
reasonable. , .-:--. v . ;.
i* In 1 1:1 - 1 1 c*. .
'i\A(A MINNA— FURNISHED SUNNY ROOMS
Oil} for housekeeping: large yard.
J dl Q MINNA— FRONT AND BACK PARLOR,
1 1 i V with kitchen, furnished for housekeeping;
\fx first floor.
1 Misafon Street.
QQQ MISsION-FRONT SUNNY' ROOM, $10:
000 alto single and housekeeplne.
"\(\*)A MISSION— SUNNY' BAY-WINDOW
xKJ—rt housekeeping rooms; i.lso 1 for $8 a
month: batb. ;-.";>--
-1 f\(AQ MISSION— CLEAN, CHEAP ROOMS;
J UOO light housekeeping: $6 a.d $8. ,
GA'j'J MISSION — FURNISHED ROOMS
/.KJOO with or witbont board; housekeeping.
HOUSEKEEPING KOOMS — Continued.
, Montgomery Street.
J^97 MONTGOMERY, COR. CLAY — OPEN
O— l unm <i : n. o'clock: branch office or The
C lit; subscriptions and want ads token.
Naioma Street. ..>
XC X NATOMA-2 SUITES OF HGUSEKEEP-
-000 ing rooms: rent $8 and $10 per month.
Polk street. - •
£"1 9 POLK- HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS. UN-
U±^j furnished orfuruished; large sunny rooms;
gas: hath; yard. .
1 91 Q POLK— FURNISHED ROOM: ALSO 1
1— 1 »' large unfurnished for housekeeping, 2
closets; gas; grate.
i ost Street.
J/1 A POST (AUDITORIUM)— NICELY' FUR-
'II K.I nished sunny rooms: en suite and single.
Sausome Street.
QieSANSOM X — NICELY FI'RNISIIED
OJLO rooms, $3 and up; also housekeeping.
Shotwell Street.
9Q/Y SHOTWELL— 2 FURNISHED HOUSE-
~*.OKJ keeping rooms; sun; bath: grate: cheap.
Mxtli Street. .
"I I P. A SIXTII, COR. MINNA— OR 4 FINE
-LAO sunny rooms, furnished complete for house-
keeping, with use of piano.
Stevenson Street.
CKr STEY'ENSON — NICE LARGE ROOM,
000 unfurnished; rem cheap.
'-i4OJ TWENTY-FOURTH, NR. VALENCIA
OIKJrt —sunny front room and kltch«n fur-
nished for housekeeping, $11.
V »n Ness A no.
70ft VAN NESS AYE. — NICELY FUR-
* "U nisbed rooms, housekeeping privileges.
V.'iibhiujjton Street.
(i-~)(\ WASHIN G T O >— HOUSEKEEPING
KJZ.KJ rooms:- newiy papered; $4 per mon.h.
t WEEK'S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS — THR
i'Y WEEKLY CALL, tn wrapper, for mailing.
ROO3IS TO LET.
Eddy Street. '. 'A
114 EDDY— NICELY' FURNISHED ROOMS;
J- L'l front and back parlor: reasonable rent.
/•"I v EDDY ELEGANT PARLOR FLOOR;
"!' unfurnished; both; hot and cold water;
good location.
Ellis Street.
ROYAL HOUSE, 126 ELLIS — INCANDER-
cent lights in every room: readlnc-room, con-
taining daily papers: smoking-room and ladles'
parlor; open all night: rooms per night. 35c to
$1 50: week, $2 to $8: montb. $8 to $30: fire es-
capes: elevator on office floor; annex of 65 rooms
now ready ; hot and cold water In each room; baths.
q"<HE RAMONA. 130 ELLIS, MRS. KATE S.
1 HaRT. manager— A quiet house: centrally lo-
cated: newlyfurnished: elevator; hot A cold water.
SUNNY ROOM WiTH CLOSET; USE OF
bath: rent $5. 721 Ellis st.
. Eight ii Street.
SHERMAN APARTMENT HOUSE. 28 BTn
_ su, near Market: furnished and unfurnished.
19 EIGHTH — 2 NICELY' FURNISHED
A 1 -J front rooms with or without use of kitchen;
private family.
Fifth street. \
THE COSMOPOLITAN — SELECT FAMILY
hotel: 100 Fifth st., cor. Mission: rooms
60c, 75c and $1 per nl;ht: $2 to 35 per week.
Q9 X FIFTH— UNFURNISHED OR FUR-
Om.O uished double parlors, kitchen and bath.
; ".:. . Ftuuklin Street.
91 C FRANKLIN— J.AUOK FRONT UNFUR-
—-I O nished bay-window room.
— .. •
Foiaom Siree..
Q9H FOLSOM. NEAR FOURTH -FUR-
O—KJ nished rooms; $1 a week.
1 tHA\ F °LSOM, COIL SEVENTH— NEATLY
LUU-L furnished rooms; private family.
: : « .
Fourth Street,
I Dl£ FOURTH— ELEGANT SUNNY FUR-
OIU nlshea rooms: single and double; $1 25 a
week and up.
. Geary Street.
XlO GEARY' — LARGE SURRY FRONT
010 rooms: board if desired; back parlor with
piano; suites aud single; bath.
Golden Gate Avenue.
'"\97 GOLDENGATE AYE— 2 NICELY FUR-
iA— i nisbed sunny rooms.
Grove Street.
9Q GROVE— SUNNY' FURNISHED ROOMS
*-0 for gentlemen or man and wife; 110 cooking.
Hunt Street.
01 HUNT. OFF THIRD— NEAT CLEAN FUR-
OX nisbed rooms; 50c week and up.
Hyde Street.
1 "J HYDE— NICELY FURNISHED ROOM&
<)one« Street.
"Ofl 7 JONES— THE VAN WINKLE. NEW
— U I management; elegant sunny suites and
tingle; newly furnished: bath, etc.: $10 to s3o.
Kearuy Street.
ARLINGTON HOUSE, 127 KEARNY —
Pleasant sunny rooms, en suiteand single; first
class in ever/ respect; terms reasonable.
"VTEW AVENUE HOUSE, 904 KEARNY ST.,
-L> corner Jackson— single rooms 15, 20, 25. 50
cents per night: special rales per week or month.
Larkin street.
A'l 9 LARKIN — FLAT OF 6 ROOMS AND
1 1 aUi bath for reap ctabie people only.
Slut ket Street.
7Q71 MARKET— LARGE FRONT OFFICE-
• Cl)j rooms In suites or single: rent reasonable.
VOBKMITE HOUSE. 1045 MARKET—
-1 night, $35 to $1 ; week, $1 60 to ss: families.
I Oft A MARKET— FURNISHED AND UN-
-1 OUT furnished oflice rooms.
1 Q-}li MARKET— FURNISHED AND UN-
XUauK} furnished rooms for housekeeping.
Minna Stree:.
401 minna, BET. FIFTH AND sixth-
rx-OX Nicely furnished front rooms; $60 month
endue; hot and cold waier baths.
fi(i7 M,XiN 'A. COR. EIGHTH — NEWLY FUR-
y - M - > * nished bay-window rooms: $1 » week.
Mission Street;
rTANfOOK HOUSE, 781 MISSION;* SELECT
- L family rooming-house: $1 60 to $6 per week.
1 1 -I iV M ON. NEAR SEVENTH— COM-
x. x-rx\j fortable room. $3 and $4 a month.
Ninth Street.
110 ?J NTH - LARGE FRONT BAY-WIN-
XA.\J dow room ; use of piano; $10.
Octavla Street.
140.°. OC T , A ' IOH - GEARY-TWO CON-
de^ired- $18. window rooms or kitchen if
Post Street.
lfilfi P T ~. 3 SL '^V COMPLETE FUR-
-IU.LU nished housekeeping rooms; rent $16.
l'owell Street.
W ILLISFORD -212-214 POWELL-NEWLY
** furnished rooms ».—•»«»■
9y- POWELL ST.. COR GEARY: LARGE OR
aCaCO small sunny corner room; nicely furnished.
UWsl stree..
07 SECOND- WERE HOUSE; ELEGANT
0 i furnished rooms. MRS LINDSAY, Prop.
1 1 C SECOND- NICE SUNNY FRONT RMS..
110915010 92 60 per week. *™* l ***&..
Math Street.
QQ sixTH- QUIET SUNNY ELEGANT
00 rooms; Ml conveniences; fireproof building.
beventn Stree..
1 49 SEVENTH ST., GIRARD HOUSE-ELK
X'XaU gant fnrn. suites, kitchen: also single rooms
Silver Street.
OA SILVER -THREE LARGE SUNNY
O\J rooms upstairs, $3; three large rooms down-
stairs, $7. '.'".: -
siotk'on -iiiot)..
THE EUROPEAN, 17 STOCKTON— FUR.
nished suites from $4 to $10 a weex; single
rooms, $1 to to $3 a week: hot and cold water in
every room: baths: transient specialty: . lcv.-itor.
Tenth Street.
1 AQ TENTH— LAROE~ItAY-WIN DOW BUN-
AUt' ny room: running water: with bath; suit-
able for one or two gentlemen; $10 per month.
■'{J-Jr. J\AJJJ m
THE SAN' FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 10, 1897.
ROOMS TO LET— Continued.
XL int s.'res;.
m THIRD— NICE FURNISHED FRONT
room; suitable for gentlemen: $10 month.
Turk Street.
X IC TURK — PLEASANT SUNNY ROOM;
010 rent $7. "': -. ■-.•■'
Williams Street.
11Q « ILLIAMB. NEAR POST— FURNISHED
J XU sunny front room; gas; private family : $6.
31isce!laiieou*. , ; --
SW. COR. SIXTEENTH ST., NEAR MISSION:
branch ofiice of Thk Call. Subscriptions and
want ads tnken.
roarding and ROOMS.
1017 wkbster, near California—
lOlf sunny alcove room, with board; home
comforts. '
997 GEARY— NICKLY FURNISUEDJROOMS
£i£t I en suite or single; iirst-class table board .
.119 EDDY— LOVELY FRO.NT SUNNY ROOM
'.1 I£. f or 2 with board: £22 50 each.
If jll VAX NESS. COX. BUSH— SUNNY
I l A 1 parlor suite, private oath; single rms.; tel.
PLEASANT HOME WITH REFINED FAM-
A ily, for child. 1757 McAllister st.
7 Ati VAN NESS AYE. — FIRST - CLASS
i UU board and rooms; lowest price.
nO9 VAN NESS AYE.— HANDSOME PAR-
OUS lor sunny suiie: board optional.
J A SIXTH NT.— THE MARCH RLE-
-11 gaut furnished sunny rooms; line table board.
HOTEL BKRTLING, 714 BUSH— A FAMILY'
hotel: references: all modern conveniences.
LHILRIiE-S BOARDKO.
PARTIES DESIRE CHILD TO BOARD;
large sunny yard; reiined home. Address
L. 8., box 76, 1011.
MOTHER'S CARE: LIGHT SUNNY ROOMS;
wholesome food; ages 1 month up: low rates.
IL A., box 60, Call Office.
STOKES TO LET.
Al* SEVENTH. BET. MISSION AND MAR-
TV ket— Frultstore, jus. vacated, with room,
yard and stable fru.t aud ve. etablestand 15 year-.
CQ CLEM ENTIN4— STORE AND 9 ROOMS;
CO cheap rent. Key 23.
T arge basement with raKe-ovi.N;
-Li suitable lor pie baker: rent $-5. 911 Larkin.
S9X STORE 3 ROOMS: LIGHT CELLAR.
<Lv —O. 1 128 Howard st., near Seventh.
/ll (A FOURTH— SMALL STORK WITH ROOM
TC-I-U in rear; low rent. Apply to G. H. UMBSEN
A CO., 14 Montgomery st.
BARHER-SHOP. WITH BATHS: ESTAB-
llshed 16 years; $18 per month; key at 639
becond st. j
Carpenter-shop; $7 per month. 5 De Boom St.;
key at 539 Se. ond st.
T. umbing-shop; $8 per month. 3 DeßoomsL:
key at 639 Second bt.
Corner siore, 631 Second St.; $14 per month;
key at 539 second st.
* T LOW RENT— PART OF STORE AND
JrY ba>ement- '621 Pos' st.
OFFICES TO LET.
Df;*kroom TO LET; CHEAP RENfr*AK
nlv 509 Kearny st.. room 8. - ■ .
I !^("IQ MARKET- NEW, URGE, SUNNY
I OUO front otli.-e-rooms: all modern.
MEDICAL.
A SURE. SAFE AND SPEEDY CURE FOR
all female diseases: ladies may have the bene-
fit of the skill and attention of a physiciau of long
and successful practice. A home In confinement
with best core, with the privacy of a home and tbe
conveniences ofa hospital. Those who are sick or
discouraged should call on thedoctor and slate their
case. All cousultutioi free and confidential. Sole
agent Rex Magnus, the great world-ienowed rem-
edy for home treatment MRS. DR GWYER,
226 lprk st.
DIL J. H. JOSSELYN, THE GREAT SPECIAL-
Ist, still offers his valuable services to ihe un-
fortunate, with a mind matured and enriched by
studies of on advanced order, there is hardly a
disease In the catalogue of human ills he cannot
treat to a perfect core. Ladles, he Is always ready
to assist you. His Knowledge has been strength-
ened by extensive experience. No cose peculiar
to your delic le organism is beyond bis sure con-
trol. His female montuly remedies ore sure and
safe ln their effects. His tried and valuable reme-
dies far lost manhood are -never-falling- In their
action, and are warranted tor both young 1 and old.
He excels all others 1 ' cure of private diseases.
Over 50 »-ears of practice enables bim to warrant
a cure in all cases. Consultation parlors. 906
Market st. Call or write direct to 906 -Markets:.,
rooms 11 and IS. . V . •_ .
ALL CASE* OP MONTHLY' SUPPRESSION
-i"\- (from whatever caus •) restored in a few
hours: safe and sure atony lime; Instant relief for
travelers; home in condnement: best care and
privacy: regular physician; 30 years' successful
practice: my celebrated r<-mnd es for monthly
suppression never fal.: medical electricity for all
fema c comp aims: every cose guaranteed; con-
sultation free, confiden Ial; hours .0 to 5. MRS.
DR. WYETH. 916 Post s:., near Larkin.
A PROCESS THAT IB PERFECTLY UARM-
less: never fails In any case of monthly sick-
ness, no motter what cause; no elec ricity hum-
bug or other dangerous methods: money In every
case refunded If a cure is not - effected; travelers
helped immediately ; years' experience; home in
confinement with sanitarian convenience. Con-
sult free the only reliable physicians, DR. AND
MRS. DAVIES, 14 McAllister st., next Hlbemia
Bank: hours, 9 a. m. to 5 and 7 to 8 r. it.
A PROCESS THAT NEVER FAILS TO RE-
xV. store every case of monthly sickness from
whatever cans* in a few hours wben medicines
osd others have failed; to instruments used:
many years' experience: every rase guaranteed;
advice free: terms reasonable; first-class private
home for confinement. MRA Dr. DALEY, 11-'J
Market st., over the Owl Drng store. -
NEW PROCESS— NO MEDICINE, INSTRU-
ment or worthless pills used: every woman
het own physician for all female troub es.no matter
from what cause: restores always in one day: can
be sent and ns?d at home: oil cases guaranteed: be
not deceived or m sl d by self-praised advertisers.
DR. 1-oPPER.the well-known pioneer, 318 Kearny
DR. FOULKT'S FRENCH CAPSULES— A
guaranteed absolute cure for all female dis-
eases (no matter what cause): positively safe and
sure: co danger or after effects: token in time it
also acts as a preventive: price $1 60 per box;
cent free by mail on receipt of price. WALLER
BROS.. 33 Grout aye.
DR. AND MRS. WEGENER. 526 EDDY ST.;
XJ private borne with 'every comfort: separate
rooms before and during confinement ; all female
complaints skillfully treated: regular physician;
quick relief for travelers: best care: terms moder-
ate; consultation tree; pills $2.
A LPEAU'S FRENCH PILLS— A BOON TOLA-
dies witb female troubles; nodanger; safeand
sure; $2 bOexpress C. o. D. ; don't delay until too
late. OSGOOD BROS.. Coast Agents. Oakland ;C.ti.
DR. AND MRS. RAY — SPECIALISTS IN
female diseases: Irregularities restored with-
out fail; no instruments; safe and sure: privaie
home: Infallible pills; regular physician. 61 Fifth.
Kti. GOODWIN. SPECIALIST: LADIES,
near or fsr, safe, quick cure guaranteed; any
disease; home for patients: best skill; free diagno-
sis; low fees; se.f cure. 401 Van Ness aye.,' fiat D.
fi. -: flfk PAID FOR a CASF: i fail TO cure
,JJ)OUU of female complaints or diseases of the
eye; consultation free. MRS. DR. SCOTT, 4IO Geary
T THE PEOPLE'SONK DOLLAR MEDICAL
AT THE PEOPLK'SONKDOLLAR MEDICAL
Institute all cases treated and medicines fur-
O'Sbed for #1; callorwrite. IU29U, M rketsu,
beu Sixth and Seventh, .-an Franclscu, Cal.
DU PRAK's FEMA KEGULA I ING PILLS;
safe and efficient emmenaeogue: $1 per box.
RICHARDS & CO., druggists, 406 Clay su, solo agts.
DON'T FAIL TO CONSULT DR. JORDAN AT
his museum, 1061 Market st. : his 30 years'
fnccessful practice la a euaranteeof fair treatment;
the worst cases treaied satisfactorily by mail.
HOME. A FRIEND AND MOTHER'S CARS,
MRS. DR. FUNKE. 1416 i-.lithth sU, Alameda.
IF" IRREGULAR OR ANY' Fi-.MALE M KA>ii
see MRS. DIL eVsYI t. and be content. 264 4th.
I K. HALL. 14 MCALLISTER bTREFrr. NEAR
i) Jones. Diseases of women and children. ■. -.;'
LOST.
1 o-iT-RED IRISH SETTER: 7-MONTH-
I J old dog pup. Liberal reward on return to 2226
Broadway. "
I OST— LADY'S GOLD-HEADED UMBRELLA
J J at Baldwin Theater, Tuesday night, February
2. Return "1804 Ellis si.; reward; no questions
asked. - ' . .'. ; * ;".
OST— PASSBOOK WITH THE HIBERNIA
Savings and Lo«n society of son Franci-co. in
the name of DAVID ANGLIN No 1:01.959
I he finder will please re. urn to the bank.
IK ,SH SETTER BITCH; $5 REWARD AT 901
Height st. and 125 Montgomery.
RANCH OFFICE OFTHE TALL. 167 NINTH
su: want ad* and subscriptions taken. '.;•-.•
PHOTOGRAPHERS SUPPLIES.
PHOTAKE' CAMERA 2x2, LAMP, CHEMI-
csls, paper and 6 plates, $2 50. California
Camera Co., 22 Geary BU ■
BICYCLES.
CON AND— 2 TANDEMS, $80 AND $90;
I roadsters. $25 and $30. gooda* new. Golden
Rule Bazaar Bicycle Department, 26 Geary sL
PERSONALS. %'■'s
KB.— DID NOT GET CONF.
. -•'■■ - 63.
—WEDNESDAY. 8 P. M.. POST AND
. Stockton sis.; if possible write; don't CalL H.
ENTLEMAN. TEMPORARILY EMBAR-
rassed, would like to negotiate with private
par ty for the loan of $500; said loan wanted for
15 .'ays; security worth $20.0 win te placid in
toaner's bauds to ensure 'prompt repayment, and
a bonus of $50 will be given for the accommoda-
tion: party must be responsible. Address is. IS.,
box 132, Call Office.
ADVICF; FREE; DIVORCE LAW- A SPEC-
' lolly. private; no fee without success; pro-
bate, insolvency, wills, collections, bills of Bale,
damages, etc: private detectives: estab. 10 years.
Q.W.BOWJ, at:y-at' aw. 850 Market.cor.Stocktn
PRIVATE DETECT! WORK DONE REA-
souab'.e: 10 years' experience; oil mutters
Strictly confidential. G. R. WKBoTER, 104 Mason
st; room 6. _ - - - , ...
T~A ~
XJ GRIPPE, -.
, RHEUMATISM
And all kindretCoiseoses easily cured without
medicine. Eleciriclty is life, and as applied with
the wonderful electrical apparatus used at
DR. SMITHS ELECTRO-MAGN. TIC BATHS
'J he cure is both pleasant end permanent. Noth-
ing like it. Go ai once ana be well. sunny rooms
ani hygienic board very reasonable. Free consul-
tation 1 to 3 and 6 to 8, Sundays 10 to 12. Call or
address 1533 BUCHANAN sU
ME. MYRTLE POTTER. CARD-READER,
maguetist. returned. Rm. 8. 1362 a Market >v
DOZENS OF MUSHROOM IMITATORS AND
people claiming to have had connections with
me are springing up every day— people who are
jea.ous of. my »vi cess. Don't make any mistakes
It*sO. LEDERSR.II 1 Stockton st., nearest Geary,
that yon wan: to see; my pricn tor hair-dressing It
positively Hsc only for any and all styles; same
price in tbe store as iv the advertisements.
GENTLEMAN PARTNER WITH SMALL
c pital wonted by a lady, lla sixth si., mi 2.
MMX. J. PHILLIPS. LADIES' FASHION-
ubIo hairdresser, removed 10 120 Gearv St.,
opposite CnltforniaF'urnlture Co.; popular prices.
IF HANNAH GILBERT, LA 1 E OF MAN-
X Chester. England, would communicate with ber
relatives she would hear of something to her ad-
van age. ' •
AINTING, WHITENING, PAPERING;
lowest estimates-.best work guarante-d; wall pa-
per 3c roll. EDWARDS. 1200 Webster, cor. Eddy.
MI'S KEEGAN (FORMERLY WITH O. LED-
crer 1 has opened a stylish hairdressing par or:
latest « fleets iprice 25c. 124% O'Farrell, nr.PowelL
PROF. ARNOLD, MAG^F;TIC HEALER-ALL
disease successfully treated: rheumatism posi-
tively cured. Call or write 786 Stevenson st.
MRS. Ci SANCHEZ. ARTISTIC HAlR-
dresser and manicure. 514 Pine sU, room 7.
LAI DE FOKCE GORDON. ATTORNEY
at law. 1236 Market, over J. J. O'Brien's.
METROPOLITAN DETECTIVE BUREAU.
Parrott building, over Emporium: offices. 540-
-641: hours.! a m. to 12 c. it.: tele. Mint 1471.
1 UIO CARDS, $1 50. SHOW CARDS, FCTC.
IUUU TeL Block 141. HILL, 22% Oeary St..
Oil A DOZEN— FINE CABINETS AT \vii^
ipX SON'S Gallery. 1023 Market.
507 MONTGOMERY ST., BRANCH OFFICE
>)—i oil uk Call; wanteds and subscriptions
taken.
PARTINGTON'S SCHOOL OF MAGAZINE
-1 end Newspaper Illustration: particulars as to
terms, etc.. 424 Pine su: Illustrations . turulshed
for magazines, newspapers, eta. .
ARTISTIC H AIRDRESS.ING, 25c; $25 FOR
cases of hair foiling or dandruff i cannot cure.
MRS. HUBBARD, 1104 Market sL, room 28.
RUPTURE AND PILES CURED: NO PAY
nntli cored: rend for book. DRS. Mans.
FIELD 4 PORTKRPIELD. 838 Markei sU
MAGNTSCOFE — NEW PKOJECTING MA-
chine; uses the Kineioscope films; price $250.
BACIQALUPL 946 Market St. ,
WALLPAPER. 40 A ROLL: PAPER HANG-
' » Inc. painting. etc, by contract or day's work, at
yonrown price. -YE. MERIGAN. 1302 Webster sL
BIG OUTDOOR STERFZOPTICON SHOW EVE-
ry night cor. Market and Sixth sts.; artistic ad-
vertisements In living ligbt; promoters of busi-
ness, consult OWL ADV. CO.. 1140 Market sU
L' CTRIC LIGHTS IN EVERY ROOM;
Winchester House. 44 Third st, nr. Market;
LOO rooms. 25c to 91 60 per night; $1 50 to $6 per
week ; free bus aiid baggage to and from the ferry.
1 IVORCF. AND ANNULMENT OF MAR-
XJ riage: terms of payment obliging: legal every-
where. Address lock box F, 906 Market sL, S. F.
CtOAKS, FURS AND SUITS RETAILED AT
wholesale prices. F" actory. 20 Sansome sL
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, THE WORLD'S MOST
'amous medium of modern times. Don't foil
10 see her if you are interested ln the affalrsof life;
if marriage, sickness, deaths, changes, travels, di-
vorces, separations, lawsuits, business transac-
tions, wills, deeds and mortgages. lost or stolen
property, lost or absent friends, interest you: If
you care 10 know what you should do 10 be suc-
cessful, wbere you should go and whom to avoid,
when to buy and sell siocks, etc.: in a word, what-
ever may be your trouble, suspicions or desires,
call on this gifted woman and she will send you
awar happier, wiser and bolder than ever before.
Hours 9a.m.to 8 p. M.. strict. N. B.— So Isfaciion
goaianteed by mall, Send stamp lor pamphlet,
special terms. MRS DR. F. CLARK. 1206 Mar-
ket su. parlors 25 and 26. Take elevator.
C" c. Z. c! c!
. Remaining 2 weeks only; the famous, world-
renowned Miss Yon de Vere will foretell your fu-
i lure, guide your affections and secure you Infallible
luck in love courtship and marriage: business
and mining investments a specialty; positive proof
of accurate predictions given. 1 Fifth st., room 1.
MME DR THOMAS. SCIENTIFIC REVEAL
er by eggs and cards; tells entire life, past,
present, future: consultations on all affairs; noth-
ing excepted; names given: good ad vies: snre
help; restores lost love by sympatny; mistake Im-
possible: fee $1 : letter $2. 929 Post st, nr Larkin.
ISIS BERNHARD RETURNED: CARD-
reader and magnelisU 17a Sixth St., room 10,
second floor.
ME WALTERS OF TEHAMA: CARDS: LA
dies. 25c: gents, 60c 951 Mission, nr. 6th.
ME. SYBILLE TELLS FROM CRADLE TO*
-l'l grave; pictures given:ladles 25c: «14 O'FarralL
MISS MELVILLE, WELL-KNOWN CLAlR-
voyant, 61 Fifth st. ; water readings a specialty.
\| ME. HANSEN, PALMIsT, CARD-READER;
l'l post, present and future; 25c. 148 6th, r. 6.
MRS. DEAN, MEDIUM AND MAGNETIC
healer. 606 Post St., room 2.
MR NELSON, MEDIUM AND CARD-
reader. 120 t-ddy sU, room 1.
VI M K. LEONA RETURNED; CARDrtEADER;
111 magnetic treatment. 995 Market, room 3.
MME. LEOFITTE. CLAIRVOYANT and BUP.
advice; 25c; one price. 311 Tehama, nr. 4th.
ME. MOREAU, REST CLAIRVOYANT AND
medium in city: fee 25c up. 764 Howard st.
ME. RAVKNA READS LIF'FI FLUENTLY:
. business advice; names given; 25c up.s F'uurth
GYPSY LIFE- LEADER REMOVED TO 3
l Seventh st , nr. Market; ladles 25c, gents 60c.
* LICE FAY. MEDIUM AND | MAGNETIC
JY healer, permanent 128 Seventh su, top flau
MRS. B. BAUMANN", BEST- KNOWN CLAlR-
voyant in the ettr. Residence. 132 Turk su
SPIRITUALISM.
AT 111 LARKIN. 8 P. M.. LECTURE BY THE
celebrated LOI> WAISBdOOKRR; tests.
MR .WRENN, others; good music; admission 10c
MME. 1 SMAN. SPIRITUAL TRANCE MEDI-
um; lifereadiogs, love affaire, business invest-
mems, mining speculations specialty. »38 Mission.
DR. ADDIE SWAIN. TR'.NCE MEDIUM,
female specialist; circles Sunday, Wednesday
and Friday evenings. 61 Fifth st.
EDNAJWALLAI.E, "THE ORIGINAL" ME-
-i dlum and magnetic healer. 865% Market st .
room 10. :.-, ">■;
LATE-WRITING DEVELOPING SEANCE
to-nighu2sc; Bits dally. MRs.F'ULTON, 31 Fell.
TE-1-MEETING. 8 r M.: 10c; 336 McaLulS-
X ter st.; Stitt, Clemens, o hers; skeptics invited.
ME. GRAY. IHE Wi NDERFUI MAGNET-
Ie healer. 142 seventh si., room 33.
MRS. ELLIS, MEDIUM; SITTINo->,9 To B. $1;
circles Tues, rl.. 2r. * 26c. 233 Valencia
MRS. H. A. GRIFFIN— CIR. SUN. EVE.- 25c-
parlor-test Thur. eve. ; stgs 426 Grove.'
\| RS., ,J. J. WHITNEY, ' CLAIRVOYANT,
l'l trance test medium A lite reader. 218 Stockton
AM. FRANCIS, INDEPENDENT SLATE
. writer. 1 18 Hatch*. st: hours 9 until 6 pm.
HYPNOTISM. ~ "
HYPNOTISM SCIENTIFICALLY TAUGHT-
success grtd.H vpnotlc Mesmeric I ns,6 o' Farrei
ATTORNEYS- AT-LAW.
A DVICE FREE: DIVORCE LAWS a SPEC-
lalty; private; no fee without success: probate,
insolvency, wlila collect bills of sole, deeds,
damages, etc. ; private detectives: estab. 10 years!
O. W. HOWE. 850 Market si . corner Stockton st.
DY'ICE FREFI; NO CHARGE UNLESS suc-
cessful. W. W. DAVID.-ON, 927 Market st.
IV W. KINO, ATTORNF:Y'-aT-LAW, CHRON-
laj. iri.. building; advice free; lowfe-s: oil cases.
ADVICE FREE: NO CHARGE UNLESS SUO-
cessfuL J. U. JEFFRESS, 632 Market, rm,23L ,
-•V;.-.-';-' CITY REAL ESTATE. "V2j j
AM. SPECK A CO., 602 MARKET ST.
. Real Estate Bargains— Money Loaned.
Real Estate Bargains— Loaned. ' "-
slooo— .-room coz. • cotta.- e.
$1850— 5-room cottage; half block from Market-
st. cars.
$2400— 7-room bouse and lot: PowelL'
$2600— 2 elegant fiats; rent »240.
$2200— C0. tage and stable; nearly new.
$330 '—6-room house ii sight on.i Sieiner.
$^250-4 flats; i.ear Ninth; rents3o.
, B'Jo— store and flat; new; rent ¥-30: O'Farrell-
st car line. -
46500—8 flats; near Merket; rent $961).
other bargains. SPECK A CO., 602 Market su
HOUSES SPRINGING
UP LIKE MUSHROOMS.
Although surrounded by im rovemeuts, up to
last December 1 the blocks bounded by stanyan,
Frederic, Cole, Shrader and Beulah were vacant.
In th- short time intervening 16 two-story resi-
dences and flats have been storied. Upward of
$70,000 worth of lots have been so d. 1 was all
done by offering these very desirable lots at prices
1.0 to 30 per cent iess thau their value. Have you
seen tliem? If not. go to-day (Sunday). Choice
large Western Addition lots for $1300 upward, on
your own terma Nowhere else con you do as
well. BALDWIN A HOWELL,
10 Montgomery at,
£ '"inn A BARGAIN: MUST BE SOLD;
J OKJKJ. offer wanted: housa of 6 rooms: mod.
em improvements: lot 25x125: sunny belt of Mis-
sion. 1305 Guerrero sL, bet. 26th and 26th. J. F.
PLUMBE, 1402 Valencia sU
©OfIAA * BARGAIN: MODERN LARGE
tjp^v'UV/. 5-r >om cottage we. located In Lor.n;
convenient to electric corn and Berkeley train: on
t rms to suit or will exclia it -. Address owner,
V. P. MITCHELS, cor. Fourteenth and Webster
str. Oakland. "• .c.
C\ . C. BEMIS,
I. REAL ESTATE AND LAND AGENT,
324 MONTGOMERY 3T.
FOR SALE.
Choice building lot on Army and 27th sta; close
to electric road.
$450— San Carlos Villa lot; 100x150 feeU --•".,-
-$6700— 60x127:6 feet on Jacksou St.. overlook-
ing the Presidio and bay.
$6000—2 modern houses of 8 rooms each at
park: 26x137 :6 feet; electric roaa passes houses;
moke offer.
$8500— Elegant NW corner of Cole and Carl sts.
$300— Choice building lots north of park.
Bargain— SW. cor. Fifth ay. and C su : 109x95 fu
A-ROOM COTTAGE: LOT 32x100; MiMiIU.N
tl: warm belt; $400 cash, balance small monthly
installments. 1620, Harrison st.
A 1 INVESTMENT— NEW FT.ATS JUST BE-
J\ ing completed on Fulton sU. near Lyon: ex-
amine them and be convinced: house open to-day.
DAN EINSTEIN, owner and builder, 630 Mar-
ket st.
€:1 1 (itl HOUSE OF" 5 ROOMS; $1500,
•Jp L 1 KJ\ I. house of 8 rooms; $1500. cottage of a
rooms, within 15 minutes' walk of ferries; most
liberal teims. F. A. BERLIN, room 416, Safe De-
posit building. - j_. 'i
CzlfinO FOX * l e or EXCHANWE.
f^rIKJKJKJ . New cottage on 23d aye. East Oak-
land; 6 rooms and batb: high basement; brick
loundation; bay windows; lot 62x160. .
..•;', U. H. UMRSEN A CO..
14 Montgomery su
PROPERTY TO EXCHANGE. \
Kfl HOUSES AND LOTsT"fkOM $200 »TO
OKJ $28,000: 100 ranches, everywhere.
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market St., opp. Fifth.
OKND FOR OCR LIST or' oRIUAttuIIOMM
»w lor POSTER * WHITTON. San Joss.
PROPERTY WANTED.
TIT HAT ll^virY^TO^^xSANTrjbrF^
»» equity in line Oakland bouse ? Prefer ranch,
vacant lots or gooa mining stocks. C.MONROE,
24 Market St.. ban Front Isco. ...
MONEY TO LOAN.
A LOANS ON FURNITURE OR PIANOS,
. ln S. F. , Oakland or Alameda at lowest rates:
without removal: no commissions: no delays.
J. NOONAN, 1017 to 1023 Mission su, above Sixth-
telephone Jessie 41.
Cl'Jflfi (\f\(\ AT a Ys PKR CENT ON CITY
tjJiOKJKJ.KJKJKJ real estate; also Oakland testates,
life Insurance, second mortgages, any sum. Man-
hattan Loan Co., 10 Mils building, ground floor.
HIGHLY RESPECTABLE AND PRIVATE
place to obtain the most liberal advances on
diamonds and jewelry at tne very lowest rates.
Baldwin Jewelry Store, 948 Market.
ANY AMOUNT; IST, 2D;OR 3D MORTGAGES,
estates, undivided interests, re^ estate in pro-
bate: furniture end pianos without reiuovaL
McCOLGAN, 24 Montgomery st., room 3.
A— PRIVATE AND RESPECTABLE, WITH
very light Interest, Is the secret of oat success.
Cut-rate Loon Ofiice, Flood building, .iO9 Markeu
DIRECT-ON YOUR FURNITURE ORPIANO.
no removal: no delays: no commissions: low
InteresU P.m. 68, Douohut bidg, 1170 Market su
tft'-i*^ OHO AT BANK RATES: IST AND
fJIO-uO.yJyjyj 2d mortgages, estates, rents, etc:
lend os low as $50. H. MURPHY, 628 Market su
WHY PAY HIGH INT. ON SMALL LOANS?
We loan at 65c Interest per mo. on each $100
on 2d mortgage: any security. Gold, box 4, CalL
ON FURNITURE; VERY LOW INTEREST;
no commission. SCRIRNER, 7 City Hall aye.
C? '00,000 ' ON CITY AND COUNTRY PRi P-
Oerty : low rates, A. SCHCLLf:r, 420 Cola. sU
I OaNr ON REAL ESTATE; LOWEST RATE
SJ of InteresU JAS. LOOKS. 214 Pine, r 5B-59.
PKIVATE PARTY LOANS ON ANY GOOD
securltyilow InteresU H.D., box 160, Ca1l Office.
Vf ONEY TO LOAN ON REAL FISTATE; ANY
1»1 omounu WiLLIAMS. 214 Pine su, room 3.
Q>!*.(\ 'IO $50,000; LOWEST I; ATA: IM A iit
IiPOKJ mortgage flat or InstlmnU Dryden, 535 CaL
ADVANCES ON DIAMONDS. JEW F-i.RY.ETc
Colombia Loon A < ollaieral Office. 9 ■ rant aye.
LEGAL NOTICES.
VJOTICE OP EXECUTRIX'S SALE OF REAL
li Estate— Notice is hereby given that, pursuant
to on order of the Superior Court of the State of
California in and for the County of Los Augeles,
duly given, made and entered on Ihe 12th day of
May, A. D. 1896, and an order duly given, made
and enterea therein en the 3Jih day of January.
1897, shortening time o: notice, hi "the matter of
the estate oI.cHAKLES tt. HASSON, deceased.
No. 1143 of the files ond i ecords of said court, the
uudersigned, MARION E. H-vS?ON. as execu-
trix of the last will and testament of said
CHARLES N. HASSON. deceased, will, on or
ait^r the llth day of February, A. I). 1897, and
within six months thereafter, sell at private sale
to the hlghes. and best bidder oil the right, title
and Interest which said CHARLES N. HASSON,
d -ceased, bad at the time of his death and whicn
said estate has acquired in and to thai certain real
proper. y situate In the City and county of ban
Francisco, State of Caliiorula, and described a,
follows, to wit"
Commencing at a point on tbe southeasterly line
of Howard street, distant three hundred and fifty-
five (366) lee. sou. hwesterly from the southwest-
erly line of Fourth sire t, running tiienc- south-
westerly along said line of Howard street, lorty-
five (46) feet, hence southeasterly parallel with
Fourth street, elubtv-flVa (85) cci, tbence north-
easterly parallel with Howard street, forty-five
(45) feet, thence northwesterly eighty-five (Hi)
feet to the point of commencement, being a por-
tion of one hundred vara lot No. 130 of sold city
and Count/
And also that certain real propert'.* situate in
the city of Los Angeles, county of Los Angeles.
State of diifur la described as follows, to wit:
Lot nineteen (19). olock D, Morris Vineyard
Tract, in said city of Los Angeles.
Lot twenty (20) In b ock two (2). Washington
Garden Tract, iv said city of Los Ange ea
Lot twenty-two (22), block two (.), Washington
Garden Tract, in said city of Los An.eles.
And also the northerly sixty (60) feet of lot
three (3). blocic seventeen (17), Ord's surveyor
the city of Los Angeles, <ounty of Los An-
geles, Slate of California, and being the north-
erly half of said lot 3, now being the properly
of the estate Of sac IHA: I*-. N. has -ON,
deceased, the said real property to be sold pur-
suant to said order and the same will b; sold in
separate lots, parcels or tracts, or parts of sold lots,
parcels or tracts. -. '.. •? - -.•■=
The terms of said sole will be cash in lawful
money ot the United states on confirmation of
sale, or one-tlnrd thereof ln cash on confirmation
of sale, one-third on or oefore six montbs. and one-
third on or before twelve momhs from .h ■ d.ue of
sale, alf defe.-rtd payments io be secured by note
or notes a.-.d mortgage or mortgages of the pur-
chaser or purchasers on the real estate sold, and to
bear interest at the rate of 9 per cent per annum;
that offers or bds In writing will be received by
. be undersigned at the office of Wa ter Rcse, Esq.,
entrance loom 2,238 W. F'lrs- st., Redick boct.
ciiy of . os Angeles, county of - Los Angeles, >tate
of California, or Messrs. I-^aston. Eldridge & Co .
63* Market su. Son 1 rancisco. Cal , for the pur-
chase of said property. and sold bids may be left
with Walter Rose, Esq., Messrs Easton, Eldrluge
A Co. or the uiiaer^lgned, at 631 south Spring su,
in the city of Los Angeles Cai.
Dated this 3Qlh day of January, A. D. 1897.
MARION E. HAS* ON.
Executrix of the last will and testament of
CHARLES N. HASSON, deceased.
Walter Rose, Esq., rooms 1, 2. 3, Redick block,
Los tig les, CoL, attorney for executrix, or Eas-
ton. ' Eldridge eft Co., 638 Market su, San Fran-
cisco, or i.l South broad way, Los Angeies.
Dated February 2. 1897. ■r , ;-;-s ■*,••-. ■; J .AiJ.
— — — ■ —^— ■— — — — — — —
assessment NOTICE.
a ssessmf:nt noticf:— jasper CONSOLI-
Jy. dated Mining Company; location of princi-
pal ploce of mis ::es'. Son Francisco, California.
Notlie is hereby given thai at a meeting of toe
directors, held on the 6:h d.y of February, 1897,
an assessment of two cents per share was levied
upon the capital sto. a of tne corporation, .payable
Immediately to the treasurer of said corporation
at the office of the company, at No. 811 Drannan
street, Shu Francisco, California. Any stock upon
which this assessment shall remain unpaid on the
12th day of March, 1897, will be delinquent, and
Hiiv-rti»e<l for sale a public auction, and, unless
payment is mtde before, will be sold on the 2d
a.. pf April, 1897, to pa-' the delinquent assess-
ment, together with costs of advertising and ex-
penses ot sale. 8. 11. ROBINSON; fecretary.
• _.- 811 Rraunon Street, San Francieco, CaL
COUNTRY REAL ESTATE.
\ir lI V PAY CASH FOR LAND WHEN' YOU
** can buy It without, and earn it from the prod-
ucts of the loud ?
At a value of $20 per acre we have 160 acres Va
A mile from railroad and %of a mile from -New
England Mills Station, and also 160 acres at Rock-
lin, Placer County, These are all good tillable
lands and are adapted for the production of the
finest wine grapes. No payments down, but pur-
chasers required t'> Improve properties: interest!
from date of purchase, payable annually in ad-
vance-, payments on the purchase money to com-
mence 4 years from date, payable in annual pay-
ments, to be Increased each year as the places are
Improved. -•> •
Also colony land— A tract of 3200 acres In Te-
hama county has been surveyed Into 4t;-acre lots
and will be sold at $15 to $ilo per acre on terms of
1-5 down, the balance to be paid in ten annual in-
stallments at 5 per cent on deferred payments. if
any one should wish to purchase the whole of this
tract it will be sold for a small payment down on
the purchase price. . .
These three properties were taken in on mort-
gages, consequently are sold for halt their former
value. -.>■','
EDWIN K. ALSIP A CO, room 29, second floor.
Mills building. .
SEND FOR ILLUSTRATED PAMPHLET OF
California lands for sale ov H. FRANCIS,
rooms 69-7 1, Chronicle building, sou F'ranclsco.CoL
RANCH BARGAIN; $5 PER ACRE: 1280
seres timber; plenty water: excellent stock
ranch; best part of Kern Co. IL, box 20, Call Office.
LITTLE HOMES CLOSE TO TOWN; IM-
proved; easy terms: also 4 to 12 acre pieces
on 6 and. 1 1 year.-.' credit. D. H. TWING. So*
noma City: every Monday at 632 MarKet «U. S. F.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— gO» BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
OUR OWN 5-ROOM COTTAGE (MODERN)
and lot for #950, payments to suit: line lot tor
$7-., $.') cosh, $5 monthly, adjoining East Oakland.
459 Ninth St., Oakland. H. Z. JONES, Owner.
CtOnnn SPLENDID COTTAGE, 5 LARGE
*•"""• rooms; lot 40x128: reet complete:
lawn In front: fine 'barn -and gravel -way.
HUGH M. CAMERON, 479 Ninths... Oakland.
§ TO $150 FOR CHOICE BUILDING
KW I O lots In the town of Fltchburg; a new sio-
-11011 established near Oakland, on the Haywards
and Son Leaudro local line, by the Soatheru Pacitic
Company; -only 45 minutes from San Francisco
and 6 minutes from Oakland: electric-cars every
ew minutes; terms to suit buyers. Apply to
CM. RUNKLE, owner. VlbVa Washington su,
Oakland, cal.
OAKLAND BOOMS TO LET.
77"]' FIFTH,' COR. MARKET— SUNNY. FUR-
* 11 nished for housekeeping; or single: cheap.
XTEAILY FURNISHED SUNNY FRONT
-Li room, convenient to local train, by a widow
with own home. Address G., box 10, Call Office,
Oakland.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS
' ' AtAMEDA HEAL EST ATI!.
djj94 A FRONT FOOT; 100x150; STREET
•«.-«- '-i work all done: on a main avenue: 2 blocks
from Willow-street station. W. B. FII'CH, Bay
Station. Alameda, orGAMAN LYON, 216 Kearny
St., San Francisco.
BARGAIN— 25 AURESCHOICE FRUIT. HAY,
grain, winter vegetables, $25 acre; b3 acres rich
soil, 4 flowlnespr'ics, $35 acre, oil fenced, nr. Pleas-
anton, Alameda Co. Call, write 69 Columbian bidg.
SMALL. CASH PAYMENT DOWN; BALANCE
some as rem: entirely new.
$2500-^Pretty cottage; 5 rooms and both; near
narrow-gauge station.
$2800— Handsome colonial cottage; 6 . rooms:
large lot; near Grand-street station. <
$2500— Beautiful cottage; colonial style; 6
rooms; conveniently located near Bay-street sta-
tion.
$3500— Nearly new; 2-story bonse: 8 rooms:
beautifully located: must be soli: terms as abuve:
lot 40x138. MARCUSE A REMMEL. Boy-street
station, broad gauge, Alameda: 628 Market su,
San Francisco; office open Sundays and holidays.
>• ARGAINS-S3O PUR FOOT; I'M ON NORTH
lr side Son Antonio ova., near Grand st.
$1250—50x150; san Josi aye., nr. Willow st.
$1750—50x150. new modern house. 5 rooms
and both; north side of street; must be sold at
once.
Many other sacrifices. ''.;."
ALAMEDA LAND CO.,
1500 Park St.. Alameda.
— =
DENTISTS.
DR. J. J. LEEK. 1126 MARKET ST.; OPEN
evenings: Sundays till noon.
LH'LL SET OF' TEETH, $7: WARRANTED 5
V years; painless extraction: see our new combina-
tion plate: thinnest, lightest, coolest plate made;
warranted 10 y<ars fillings. 50c; crowns, *3 .0.
CHICAGO DENTAL PARLORS, 24 Sixth street.
T7URBT-CLASS DENTISTRY; CHEAP: PAf.
" able $1 week. CHAPMAN, 16th an Mission.
OSITIVELY PAINLESS EXTRACTION.
DR. HARDING, 600 Sutter: te). main 5375.
CHALITANT A CHA LEANT, MOVED FROM
8 Mason 10 119 Powell: bridgework aspeclalty.
CIOLTO.N DENTAL ASsOCIA 1 JON, 806 LiAR-
/ Ket sL DR. CHARLE.-. W. DECKER.
Qrq A SET FOR TEETH— WARRANTED AS
<J I good as can be made-, tilling $1 DR sIMMd,
dentist, 930 Market su, next Baldwin Theater.
PAINLESS EXTRACTION, 60c: CROWN
bridge work > specialty: plates $5 up: 13 veari
experience. IL L. WALSH, DD.S.. 81584, Geary.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 MARKET ST„ NR.
Eleventh; bo charge for extracting whoa
plates are mods: old plates made over like new;
teeth from $8 per set: extracting 50c; gas given.
SET OF TEEI H WITHOUT A riuvTE. DR.
O H. G. Yonng, 1841 Polk su /
CROOME DENTAL ASSOCIATION. 759 MAR-
keu Leu 3d and 4th; gas specialists; painlesi
extracting, with gas, $1; plates. $5 up; fill, $1 up.
DR. GEORGE. W. LEEK. THE GENUINE
Leek deutisu discoverer ot painless extraction
sod patentee of improved : bridge work or teeth
without any plate, moved from 6 to 20 O F'arrelli;.
ALL WORK REASONABLE AND WAR-
ranted. DR. J. W. KEY. 1122 Market su
PROPOSALS.
"VTOTICE — NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN
-Li that I will on Monday, February 15, 1897, at 2
o'clock p. m.. at the Ccurthouse in Ynba City, Sut-
ter County, col., receive sealed proposals for the
surrenderor bonds issued on Levee District Na 1
of sutler County, according to an act of the Leg-
islature, approved April 9, lr>Bo. to the amount of
eight thousand live bundred (S8500) dollars. No
bids above par will be accepted. All bonds must
accompany the bids. L. J. COPE,
Treasurer of Sutter County, Cal.
Yuba City. February 1. 1897.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses have beeu
Issued by the County Clerk's office:
David Coblentz and Florine Levy, 38—18-
Samuel B. Jacobs and Martha Seller, 43—33.
James £. Parley and Kdlth Klser, 24—23.
Desire li. Schutze and Helen 1. he ley, 31— 20.
A. F. Cos%rove ani Catherine C. Browne. 23.
William W. Ambura and Nellie Harrow, 3- — 33.
John Hoist and Dora Jens-n. 23—21.
William carr and Mary Conton. 28— -.
William J. Lewis and Aurella A. Bert. 33—43.
H. A. lsenbergaid Virginia Dulsenberg.2s— l9.
Thomas C. Mortimer anl Mary Stewart, 2D—
i — 51 ARIISA4iES — iffiAim
fßlrth. marriage and death notices sent by mall
will not be inserted. They must be handed in a:
either of the publication "offices and be indonel
with the name and residence of persons auinonseJ
10 have -he same published 1
BORN.
ATKIBSON— At Coalings. Cal., January 17, 1897,
to the wile of J. M. Aiki-sin. a daughter.
BAROUE— February 7, 1897. to the wifeof Dr.
R nine, a daughter. .
CAVANAGH— In thts city, February 8. 1897, to
the wife of Hugh J. Covonogn. a daughter.
CHAMBERLAIN— In this ■ itv. at University
Mound. January 18, 1897. to the wife of Joseph
V. Cnamberlaiu, a daughter. ■• ..■.-.,.-
GILBERT— At Coallqga, cal. , January 31,1897,
to the wife ot Thomas Gilbert Jr., a daughter.
HART— In this cv.-. February 8." 1897, 10 the wife
ot L. Hor , a son. ; -.,v
MORRIS— In Bishop, CoL, February 6, 1897, to
the wife of Julius Morris, a daughter.
SPEAR— February 6, 1897. to the wife or Frank
110 R *p» or. a son.
—————— -
MARKIED.
BEAN— LANDERS-In this city, February 7
1897, by the Rev. Dr. E. R. bills. Archer C
Bean and Grace E. Landers, both of Son Fran-
cisco.
BUsWELL— SI.EATOR— In this city, February
8. 1597. by the Rev. W. Kader. Clinton A. llu -
well of San' Jose and Eupbemla sieat'.ir of san
Francisco. .'--/":: t
EMERY— SILVA— In San Rafael. March 17
1896. by Juit cc of the Peace Rodden Charles
a. Emery and May A. Silva both of. San Fron-
. cisca '
FOX- STAPLES— In this city, February 8, 1897
at the residence of Mark Sheldon Esq. by the
Rev. Dr. stebbins, Cbarles J Fox of San Die-o,
CaL, and Susie V. staples of Son Francisco. ' '
MORriMER-STKWART-In this city February
b. 1897, by the Rev. Dr. E. R. Dine. Thomas C.
Mortimer and Mary E. Stewart, both ot San
Francisco."
TRUETT-GIBLIN— In this city. January 31.
1897. at the residence of the bride's parents, by
the Rev. Father Oorin. Augustus Truett and
Annie Ulbllu, both of Sau Francisco.
'■'yj'i'si'^' DIED. ',
Aronson, Pillip Kelly, Frank T.
Burns, Michael Mci'ermott Mtirgarat
yon Runcken. L. C. MrGraiti. Alice
Ca laban, Hugh McLeod. James
Casey. Mrs. Bridget Martin. Charles H.
Dockery, Jamei Nickelsbur,-, Adolph
DrlscoU. Mrs. Ellen Qillty, John D.
'De Mosher. Briglda C Reiipalh. Alice
Edwards, Morgan Sherow, George K.
Gaila »u«.r, James J. Stein, George H.
Heilmuth. Frederick Schumacher, Richard
Higgins. Margaret Tilton. Joseph R.
Hume. George F. C. Wing. Pels*
Joanson, William K. Welch. James
Wullling. Constaatine
ARONSON -In this city, February 8, 1897,
Philip, beloved father of Lester Aronson, a na-
live of Eng and, aged 44 years. [New YorK
papers pieosj <.opy. |
aSTFriends and aconaintances are respect-
fully invlt-d to attend "lhe funeral THIS DAY
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock p. it., from the Ma-
son.c Temple, Post street. Interment New Salem
Cemetery, by train leaving at 3:30 H M. Re-
mains at the parlors of L Lipmau A Co , 32-i
Sutter street
BURNS— In this city. February 8. 1897, Michael
Burns, a native of Ireland, aged 80 years.
S u~ Friends ond acquaintances are respect-
fully invltea to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Tbur.day),at 10 o'clock a. if., from the chapel
of su Mary's Hospital. Interment Holy Cross
cemetery by 10:40 a m. train. .
yon BUNCKEN— In this city, February 8, 1897.
1- C. yon Buncken, a native of Copenhagen,
DenmarK, aged 63 years.
43"Friends and acquaintances arc resoect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY!
(Wednesday), at -2 o'clock p. it.. from his late
residence, 730 Post streeu luteruieu; x. O. O. F.
Cemetery.
CALLAHAN— fn this city, February 8, 1897,
Hugh Callahan, > native of st. John, New
Brunswick, aged 49 years.
aS~Fiien'ls and acquaintances are resoecl-
fni.y Invited to attend the funeral THIS OAY
(Wednesday), ot 10 o'clock a. if... from the
Uniisa Presbyterian Church, Folk street and
. Golden Gate avenue. Interment. I. O. O. F.
Cemetery. Please omit flowers.
CASEY— this city, Mrs. Bridget case-.-, mother
of Mrs. Mary Jones, Mrs. Kate McDonald and
Mn. Annie Patera, a native of County Longford.
Ireland. a,'ed 73 r+txrs and 5 months.
jKSTNotice of funeral hereafter.
DOCKERY- in this city, Febrnary 9, 1597.
James Do kcrv. be' oved husband of ihe late
Jane Djctery. and father of James P.. Margaret
P. Dockerv. Mrs. Charles Ront-cKer and the late
Rev. «.._ G. DocKery, a native of Ireland, agel
65 years •
DRISCOLL— In Oakland, February 5, 1897. Mrs.
Ellen Drisco.l, a native of Ireland, aged 59
years.
DeJIOSHER- In this city. February 6. 189",
Biig.do Castellon do Moiher, a native of Mexico
ased -lo years.
EDWARDS— this city, February 9 1897, Mor-
gan Edwards, a native of England, aged 37
yeori.
GALLAGHER— In this city, at Ocean View. Feb-
ruary 9. 1897, James J. Gallagher, a native of
County Mayo, Ireland, aged 32 years.
HELLMUTH— In this city, February 9, 1F97,
Frederick Hellmutn. beloved husoandof Loui.a
Hellmutu, and father of George and Lon Heil-
muth, an old rest len. of Ca' all 111, Siskiyou
County. CaL. a native of Bavar.a, Germany,
aged 56 years 6 months and 6 days.
HIGOINS— In this city, February 9 1597, Mar-
garet, beloved daughter of John and the late
Ann Higgins, and sister of Mary a., John p.,
Thomas 11., Agnes M. and George Higgins, and
niece of Hugh Higgins, ana.iv.- San 1 ran-
cisca
49~Friends and acquaintances ara resoen-
fully Invited to attend t.e runeral TO-MORROW
(Thursday), at 9:30 a. m.. from her late resi-
dence, 320 Oak riira-1, tbence to Sacred Hear:
Churcn. Fell and Fillmore streets, where a
solemn requiem moss will ba celebrated for the
repose of her soul, commencing at 10 o'clock
a. m. Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
HUME In Los Ootos, Februory 8. 1837, George
I*. C, beloved husband of I'm H. Hume, and
son of George W. and Annie E. Hume, a native
of Washington, aged 25 years 5 mouths anl 3
days.
j(f9~F'riends and acquaintance) are respect-
fully Invited to attend ibe funeral services
TO-MORROW (Thursday), at 11 o'clock a. *..
at the residence of his parents, Piedmont ave-
nue, near John street, Piedmonu lutermeut
private.
JOHNSON— In this city, February 9. 1897. Wil-
liam Edward. dear.y_ belovel son of Edward
i.nd. Harriet Johnson* (nee Boner), a native of
Sau Francisco. aged 10 years 7 months aud 12
daya
KELLY— In this city, Feoruary 9, 1897, Frank
T., beloved husband of Aggie Kelly, and son of
Mrs. M. A. Turner, and brother of John W.,
Charles. A. and Mamie Keliy, a native of San
Francisco, aged 29 years 11 mouths and 1 day.
JfifNotlce of funeral here »fti>.- .:■-■•-
McDERMOTT— In this- city. February's, 1897.
Margaret, relict of the late Thomas McDermott,
and oeloveJ mother of Mrs. Mary Morrisse,-
and Annie F. McDermott, a native of lrslaud,
ug'nt 79 years.
j(S~F'rlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited toattend me funeral THIS DAY
(Wednesday) at 9:15 o'clock a. m. from her
lite residence, 724 Fell stree., Ihenos to sacred
Heart Churs.i, where a requiem high mass will
be celebrated for the repose of her soul, com-
mencing at 9:30 o'clock a. m. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery. Kindly omli flowers.
McGRaTH — In this city, F'ebruarv 8. 1897, Alice,
beloved wifeof John J. McGraih. and mother of
Mary Ann, John P.. FL-Iwarl M. ana Joseph
McGratn. a :i«tive or the paris'i of Rohan,
county Tlpperary, Ireland, aged 44 years and 6
months.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fu ly invite I to attend the funeral THIS DaY
(Wednesday), at 1:30 o'clock r. m., from her
lo.e residence. 405 Fourth streei, thence to Su
Rose's Church, Brannan street, for services at 2
o'clock p. M. Interment Mount Calvary Ceme-
tery.
McLEOD- In Rio V sta, February 3. 1897. James
McLeoa, a native of Nova Scotia, aged 58 yoars
9 months and 3 days.
MARTIN— In this city, February 9, 1897, at the
residence of his mother, 1414 Folsom street,
Charles H., beloved son of Mary and the late
John Martin, a native of San Francisco.
*S~F'riend3 an.l acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend « solemn requiem high
mass wnich will be ce!ebrat-d for the repose of
his soul To-MORROW (Thursday), at 10 o'clock
a. M.. at St. Joseph's Church, intermen: private.
Please omi. flowers.
NiCKELSBUKG-in this city. February 8, 1897.
Adolph Nic ielsbnrs, brother of Mrs M. Heller.
Mrs. U. Harris Siejfred Morltz and Louis Nick
elsbur;, a native of Germany, aged 48 years.
iHTFriends are reoecttnlly Invttel 0 alien I
the funeral services THIS DAY (Wednesday),
at 10 o'clocic a. 11 , oi the residence 01 Mrs. M.
Heller, 1801 California streeu Interment pri-
vate. No flowers.
QUILTY— In thl3 city, February 7. 1897. John
Doe Qtillty, a native of Ireland, aged 60 years.
REDPATH— In this city, February 9, 1897. at
610 Douglas street, Alice, dearly beloved
daughter of William and Catherine Kelpa'.li,
and sister of James W. and the late George A.
Redpa-.b, a native of San Francisco, a^ed 7
year- 7 month?, and 7 days.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
■ fully invited to attend the funeral services
TO-MORROW (Thursday;, at 2 o'clock p. it..
at the -residence of h»r parents, 510 Douglass
street, oetweou Twenty- first and Twenty-sec-
ond. Interment Masonic Cemetery.
SHEROW— In Lorin, Alameda County, February
8, 1897, George Kenneth, dearly beloved sonof
George W. and Benesse C. snerow, and grand-
son of Mrs. J. B Williams and Mrs. E. M.
Sherow, a native of Lor.n. aged 1 year 7 months
and II da.a - ."- ■ 
£i3~Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock p. 11.. from the resi-
dence of the parents, corner Adeline and Saaloy
streets. Lorin. Intermeu: private. ,
STEIN— In West Berkeley. February 8,1897.
George H., beloved husband of Marie Stein, and
father of . Albert,ond George Stein, Mrs. F'reder-
tck Borcbard and Mrs. William Galie. a native
of Herlord, Germany, aged 57 years 7 mouths
and 9 days. -
' Friends ' and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to rend the funeral THIS da
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock p. m., from bis late
residence. 954 University avenue. West Berke-
ley. Interment Mountain View Cemetery.
SCHUMACHER— In this city, February 8, 1897,
Richard J. beloved husband of Annie and father
of Everett Schumacher, son • f Mrs. D. Drnyer
. and brother of Mrs. H. Frledrlchs, a native of
New York, aged 40 years and 8 months.
elTF'riendi and acquaintauces are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
Thursday), at 1 o'clock p. it., from St. Paul us
Church, corner of Eddy and oough streets. In-
terment Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
TILTON— in tnis clty.February 7, 1897. Joseph
it., beloved husband of Juliet Tilton. and father
of Lorenzo Dow, George, John. Emma and
Noah -tilton, a native of Ohio, aged 86 years
and 3 months. [Sacramenio and Ohio papers
please copy, ....
Iff Friends and acquaintances ar? r-ispsc:-
-ful invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock p. it., from his
late residence, 359 Steven sou street, between
Hermann and Ridley. Interment Laurel Hill
Cemetery.
WiNO-lu this city. February 8, 1837, Peter
Wing, a native 01 San Francisco, aged 5 years
r> months and 23 days.
WELCH— In ihls city, February 8, 1837. James.
* beloved husband of Maria Welch, and father of
Jamas, Mar.-, John. Joseph Margate',. ,
Chares and tbe late Catherine Welch, ant
brother of the late Dad-l Welch and Mrs. Mar-
garet Guerin, a native of Rotcormock. County
Cork, Ireland, aged 75 years 1 mouth and 16
days..
trf Friends and acquaintances are respect-
ful y. Invited to attend the tunerol THIS DaY
(Wednesday), at 9 o'clock a. it., from his late
residence. 1212 Vallejo sireet, thence "to su
Bridget's church, where a solemn requiem mass
will be celebrated tor the repose of his soul, com-
mencing at 9: JO o'clock a. St. Interment Mount .
Calvary Cemetery.
WULFFING— In this city. February 7, 1897.
Const -iut inc. dearly beloved husband of Mary
Wufflng, a native of Cologue, Germany, aged 81
years. ■ .
ts(f The funeral will take place THIS DAY
(Wednesday), at 8:30 o'clock a. it., from his lata
residence, J996 Twenty-third street, corner of
Noe, tn-neo to St. James C iurjh, where a
solemn requiem high moss will be celebrated
for the repose of ; Ills soul, commencing at 9
o'clock a. it. interment 11 olv Cross Cemetery.
1 McAVOY A CALLACHER^ j"
FONKRAL DIRECTORS & EMBALM Eft*}
SO fifth St., Opp. Lincoln School. '
: '- • Telephone 30S0.
MOUNT OLIVET CEMETER?,
SAN MATEO COUNTY: NEAREST CEM»
tery to the city: non-sectarian; in no sense sr.
elusive: location . unexcelled, utiles WW/ \*mh.am
tuwi, aoiufcewt cwucctt <>uuh '"■ T
1314
THOUSANDS
WILL COME
D. Leubrie on the Growing
Interest Among the
Endeavorers.
ALL THE EAST IS NOW
x ANXIOUS.
He Thinks From 40,000 to 55,000
. People Will Attend the
Meeting.
SOME WILL LOCATE HERE PEE
■•-:- MANENTLY.
Elderly People Who Want to Escape
the Cold — Leubrio Here to Look
Up Various Details.
David Leubrie. a representative of the
Christian Endeavorer.a Chicago paper with
something over 100,000 circulation, is here
accompanied by his son, and is at the
Russ. • . .
He has come to California to loot up
details in reference to the climate, the
cost of living and to delve into the various
subjects of interest to the Christian En
deavor people and their friends. He esti
mates that from 40,000 to 55,000 people
will come hero to attend ' the convention,
which meets on July 7 and lasts for six
days. ....
He says the interest in the convention is
growing greatly. Everybody seems to
want to come to California. The recent
intensely cold weather has intensified the
desire. Not only do many of the people
want to come and see the State, but some
of them are thinking of staying it" they can
find suitable locations within their means.
Especially do the people who have grown
old feel the need of spending their declin
ind days under softer and more genial
ties.
The Endeavorer newspaper has a plan
of its own to send from 3000 to 4COO vis
itors here. The round-trip rale fur
nished by the raiiroad from Chicago, St.
Louis and contiguous places is $51. From >
points east of that the rate is one fare for
the round trip.
Mr. Leubrie says this will put it within
the means of a vast number of people to
come here. They have been wanting to
come for a long time and now is their op
portunity.
Not only will the Endeavorers come, but
their friends and a great many others will
take advantage of the rates. He says that
as several months are given for the trip
they can start a month or two before the
convention and will have full opportunity
to investigate the various interests of the
State and see its various beauties. Mr.
Leubrie lived in California for some time
about thirty years ago, so he ii better in
formed than the casual visitor. He has
already been in the State about seven
weeks and has been at Los Angeles and
other places. He believes that the num
ber from such States as Ohio, Indiana,
Illinois, lowa, Missouri and surrounding
DAVID LEUBRIE of the Chicago Christian Endeavorer, Who
Here in Connection With the Forthcoming Great Convention.
[Sketched from life by a "CaM" artitt.\
commonwealths will be three times as I
many as from the East, though the repre
sentation from there will in his judgment
be good.
"One of my objects in coming thus
early," said Mr. Leubrie, "is to try to in
duce as many of the Endeavorers as possi
ble to visit San Francisco, neighboring
cities and the charming health resorts at
least sixty days earlier than now antici
pated.
"The cheap rate of $51 for the round
trip from Chicago and similar Eastern
points will induce thousands of Christian
Endeavorers to attend this convention, in '
addition to the army of zealous citizens,
who have to a large extent signified their
intention of making this notable and
pleasurable journey.
"The fund of $25,000 subscribed by the
public-spirited citizens of San Francisco
and the further assurance that everything
will be dene to prov.de for the comfort
and pleasure of visiting members nas
aroused a spirit of commendable pride in
determining which State shall bring to
Baa Francisco the largest number of En
deavorers.
"It is not beyond the bounds of a con
servative estimate to figure up from 40,000
to 55,000 members as the sum total of
visitors, including, of course, the friends
and ardent supporters of those who are
identified with this praiseworthy move
ment. The Christian Endeavorer, reach
ing as it does a half million readers
throughout the country, will not be remiss
PRINTERS SPEAK FOR THE CALL.
The resolutions adopted by the Typographical Union at Its meeting January 22
have been published in tne Pacific Union Printer, the official journal of the union. The
resolutions In no uncertain terms condemn the resolutions passed by a so-called mass
meeting as being vituperative and an attempt to serve a master hand, and the union
protests against and condemns any such attempt to injure tbe San Francisco Call. In
conclusion a high compliment is paid to the proprietor of The Call. The resolutions
are as follows:
WHEREAS, At a meeting of the working men and women re
cently held in the Turk-street Temple to consider certain measures
pertaining to the interests of labor now pending before the Legisla
ture, resolutions were presented and adopted condemning the San
Francisco "Call" that savored more of temper and spite than deliber
ation; and whereas, said resolutions were so printed in conjunction
with a report ofthe State Labor Convention as to mislead the public
into believing that that body was a party thereto; and whereas, this
union deprecates any covert effort on the part of any body of work
ing men and women to injure the business of the employers of our
members for no other reason than because they are generous enough
to give space to those having wrongs to right or arguments pro and
con to present on measures of public importance; and whereas, said
mass-meeting of working men and women, led by one evidently hav
ing an object of his own or a mission to perform, has had the hardi
hood and effrontery to propose resolutions condemnatory to the San
Francisco "Call" as an enemy of labor; therefore be it
RESOLVED, That San Francisco Typographical Union No. 21
only sees vituperation and an attempt to serve a master hand in the
resolutions passed by said mass-meeting of working men and women,
and with which neither the State Labor Convention nor Labor Coun
cil had any connection; and
RESOLVED, That we earnestly and publicly protest against the
i spirit of said mass-meeting that suggested the placarding of San
Francisco with an appeal to injure the said San Francisco
"Call"; and
RESOLVED, That this union condemns any and all attempts to
boycott or otherwise injure any newspaper under the jurisdiction of
San Francisco Typographical Union for personal interests or political
advancement; and
RESOLVED, That we publicly proclaim, from the standpoint of
close business, relations, that the proprietor of the San Francisco
"Call" is not only just, and a large employer of our members, but is
all that could be desired as an employer.
■ M^^^tSM W. B. BENOIST, Secretary.
in pointing out the noteworthy features
that have made California one of the great
States of the Union, and inducing those
who are sighing for balmier skies and
! more inviting conditions to locate in this
I peerless commonwealth. .
"In the matter of hotel accommoda
! tions there will necessarily be an over
j flow, and it will be advisable to provide
I for a large portion of the Endeavorers
j among the private homes of tbe citizens.
"Aside from its vast moral and religious
influences the Christian Endeavorers will
exert a potent power in the uplifting of
1 depressed commercial conditions, for
I while they are tenacious of their noble or
; ganization and the elevation of their
j members to the attributes of personal
i betterment, they are likewise tenacious of
their duties as citizens in promoting tbe
public welfare and their own business in
terests by laboring in common for the
good of all.
"The Christian Endeavorer of Chicago
has, in view of the intense interest mani
fested in the coming annual convention,
delegated to me the important duty of de
scribing in soma of its forthcoming issues
California as it is from every standpoint
of observation."
Speaking for himself and the paper of
i which be is tbo staff correspondent, be
; said :
"The purpose will not alone be to bring
members and their friends here, but to
keep them here by picturing the many at
tractions of California."
Mr. Leubrie will give special attention to |
the hotel facilities and the rates, as well !
as the hundreds of other features of inter
est to visitors. He thinks the City ought j
ordinarily to be equal to entertaining 100,
--000 visitors. „
WILL FOUND A COLONY.
About 135 Families of Kussian Jews to
Locate on Lands in the Salinas
Valley.
M. Ephriam Deinard, editor of the Jew
ish paper, Nationalist Patriot and Zion, of
Kearny, N. J., i 8 in the City. He has
come West in the interest of a Jewish col
ony, and negotiations are in progress for
large tracts of land in the Salinas Valley.
About 125 families are expected from
New York and vicinity of Pnilaael
phia, most of them being from the latter
place. Several years ago Baron Hirsch in
terested himself in locating a large num
ber of families of Russian Jews in this
country, and the expense of bringing the
families to California will, it is stated, be
borne out of a fund yet reserved by the
Hirsch estate. The iamilies have been
about ten years in the United States.
It was the original desire to secure 160
acres of land for. each family and locate
the families on the same tract, but it is
now conceded that so much . desirable
land in a body will probably be hard to
obtain.
It is expected that many of the settlers
can homestead their lands, but where they
cannot do so they will be assisted in mak
ing purchases at as low a cost as possible.
Plans are also on loot looking to the assist
ance of the colonists in the way of farm
stock una implements. . Some of the col
onists are already in California.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 10, 1897.
NORTH HALL WAS
NEARLY AFLAME
A Streetcar Current Flashed
Over Telephone
Wires.
Spiro Sareentich, a. Student,
Saved One of the College
Buildings.
He Was Badly Burned in lhe Face
by the Pent-Up Elec
tricity.
BERKELEY, Cal.. Feb. 9. — What
! might have proved to be a serious disaster,
! resulting in the electrocuting of a Berke
ley student and the destruction of one of
the university buildings, took place at
about 1 o'clock to-day. But for tne pres
ence of mind and timely action of Spiro
Sargentich, a member of the junior class,
old North Hall might have been in ashes
to-night. As matters resulted, the hero
of the hour escaped, considerably fright
ened, with a deep burn on the cheek; a
quantity of books belonging to the stu
dents' co-operative store were scorched
and nearly all the telephones in the neigh
borhood were burned out.
A runaway team in the course of their
plunge through tbe streets ran against a
telephone pole on Allster way with their
heavy rock wagon and broke off the cross
bar which holds the insulators, letting
the telephone wire fall on the wires of
the electric street car line. Instantly
there occurred a flash and a hissing in the
main office and in the bouse of every
telephone owner on the line. In most
cases the utility of the phones was com
pletely destroyed, the current having
been so strong that the mechanical de
vices in them for preventing just such
accidents were of little use. Both the
telephones at the office of the regents and
the one at the co-operative store were
ruined.
It was during the wild excitement
which followed that Sargentich imperiled
himself. He was the only one in the
store at the time of the accident, and
hearing the hissing and crackling noise
made by the wires rushed to see what was
the trouble. Knowing that if something
was not done at once the building wouid
catch on fire, and that by 'loosing the
hook the circuit would be completed and
thus avert further dangerous troubie, be
reached for it. In so doing he was bit in
the face by a stream of electricity, besi les
receiving a heavy stroke of the bottled
lightning. For a time he was dazed, but,
! regaining his senses, he saw what a nar
row escape be bad had, and how he had
i saved the building from ruin.
Ralph Marshall, manager of the co-op
! erative store, stated to-night that if some
1 one had not been present when the acci
j dent to the telephone occurred, the build
i ing would have surely caught on fire.
! North Hall is a wooden structure, and is
jas dry as a tinder-box, so that if fire
I once gained bead vay there is no knowing
how it would result. At the time of the
trouble there were about 300 students in
I the building, who bad just entered to at
j tend their first recitation of the afternoon.
DIED ON THE STREET.
Sudden End of Frederick Heilmuth, a
Merchant of Callahans.
Frederick Heilmuth, a merchant of Cal
lahan-., Calaveras County, died suddenly
on Mission street yesterday morning. He
arrived in this City, with his wife on Mon
day evening and pat up at the Baldwin.
Yesterday they started out lo visit a
sister of the deceased, who lives at 1013
Mission street, and when near the house
Mr. Heilmuth suddenly placed his hand
over his heart and fell to the sidewalk.
By the time he was carried into his sis
ter's home he was dead. The Coroner
was notified and took charge of the re
mains. Death was found to have been
from heart disease.
Judge Slack Eulogized.
Eulogistic resolutions of regret st the retire
ment of Judge Charles W. Slack were adopted
by the senior class of the Hastings College of
the Law, and after being finely engrossed
were presented to tne retiring professor. The
resolutions were signed by the committee and
the members of the class, and are intended
as a mark of esteem in which he is field.
They make a specialty of Bank Stock paper:
it has the water-mark. Mysell-Bollins, 22 Clay*
A GIFT FROM
THE HOMEOPATHS
Hahnemann College Ten
dered to University
Regents. -
Established Many Years and
Free From Debt It Wou'd
Be Annexed.
Regents Favorable and Will Arrange
Terms— Other University Busi
ness Transacted.
The Hahnemann Hospital College of
San Francisco was yesterday, by its di
rectors and stockholders, offered to the
University of California for an affiliated
branch of the great State institution of
learning.
lt is tne chief exponent on this coast of
the homeopathic school; it has been in
continuous and regular operation as a
medical college for the last thirteen years;
it has graduated over a hundred physi
cians, ana it is entirely free from debt.
Had a vote been taken at once yester
day afternoon, when the proposition was
made to the Board of Regents then in
session in the Mark Hopkins Institute of
Art, the Homeopathic Medical College
would have undoubtedly bten accepted
then and there as a valuable acquisition
o the university, for all the regents ap
peared pleased at the offer and favorable
to the prayer lor the affiliation. Pursu
ant, however, to the custom in such mat
ters a committee, consisting of Regents
Crocker, Hallidie and Wallace, was ap
pointed to examine Into the status of the
college, to decide upon the terms of affilia
tion and to report back to the board at its
next meeting.
Tbe proposition of affiliating a home
opathic college is in itself considered a
most significant move, as heretofore the
allopathic school has held full sway in
the State University and bas in conse
quence enjoyed an official recognition
that the homeopathic school has not bad.
Three of the largest Slate universities —
the University of Michigan, the Univer
sity of lowa and the University of Minne
sota — have already officially recognized
tbe importance of homeopathy and bave
a homeopathic department and an allo
paAiic department in their college of
medicine. At Boston University only
homeopathy is taught in the college of
medicine.
The offer was made to the Regents by
Dr. George H. Martin on behalf of the
college and of a number of very promi
nent wealthy citizens who are patrons of
homeopathy.
Aside Irom the usual routine forms
there was not a great deal of other busi
ness before the meeting.
The finance committee's recommenda
tion for the payment to Architects Krafft, i
Martens and Coffey of 2% per cent of the !
amount of the appropriation for the
affiliated colleges buildings was adopted
by a unanimous vote.
A. B. Saph was appointed assistant in
mechanical drawing at Berkeley for six
months at a salary of $75 a month.
A lithographic stone was ordered made,
from winch will be printed the new Latin
form of certificate to be issued to persons
j upon wbom the university shall confer
the degree of doctor of philosophy.
The committee on legislation reported
that all bills relative to and calculated to
benefit the university, now before the
Legislature, are likely to become laws.
Ex-Sheriff Robert McKillican of Ala
meda Ccunty was appointed superinten
dent of construction ior the affiliated col
leges buildings at a monthly salary of
$150.
The formal offer of the Hahnemann
Hospital College was made in the follow
ing manner:
. To the Honorable Board of Urgent?; of the, Uni
versity of California— Gkxtlemex: We, the
undersigned directors and stockholders of the
Hahnemann Hospital College of San Fran
cisco, having been appointed a special com
mittee by the board of directors of the said
institution to present to yopr honorable body
a petition praying for the affiliation of the
Hahnemann Hospital College of San Francisco
with the University of California, thereby
forming a homeopathic department of the
university, do hereby ask that such prayer
may be granted.
The Hahnemann Hospital College of San
Francisco was incorporated in 1881 and threw
open its doors to students in June, 1884, since
which time it has given a regular course of
lectures each year In all branches of medicine
and surgery. There have been graduated from
said Institution 125 students and there are at
present twenty-seven students in the various
classes.
The college has always demanded a high
standard ot education from its graduates. It
required three lull years ol study in the col
lege from its beginning, ond was, with the
medical department of the University of Cali
fornia, the first to demand a full four years'
course of study in the college as a compulsory
requirement for graduation. The college,
though not endowed, is wholly free from debt.
There are in the State of CaUfornia. in actual
practice to-day, about 2300 licensed physi
cians of all schools, of which number, by act
ual count, 40") are of the homeopathic school,
about one-tiitn of the whole number.
As the patrons of homeopathy are among
the well-to-do class of citizens and not so
much among the masses as the patrons of
other schools of practice it is undoubtedly a
fact that such patrons pay at least one-third of
the taxes of the State. -r '■■-
Because we believe it to be for the best in
terests of the Hahnemann Hospital College of
San Francisco, for homeopathy on the Pacific
Coast, for the large number of citizens and
taxpayers of this State who do now or who
may in the future employ homeopathic phy
sicians that the said college should be under
the protection of the Stale University, and
also because w<- believe it to be for the best in
terests of the University of California, as a
great university, that there bo a homeopathic
department connected with it, we do therefore
pray that the Hahnemann Hospital College
of San Francisco miv become affiliated with
the University ot California.
Hoping that our prayer may be granted by
your hpnorable body we are, very respectfully,
J. A. Albertson, M.D., president of trie
board ot directors; A. C. Peterson, dean of
the faculty; C. B. Currier, M.D. ; George H.
Palmer, M.D.; William Boericke, M.D.;
James W. Ward. M.D.; C. L. Tisdale, M.D.;
George 11. Martin, M.D.
We take pleasure to append by permission
the following names of representative citizens
and taxpayers, who ere also patrons of home
opathy, and who are in full sympathy with
this petition : Louis Sloss. Horace Davis, Isaac
Requa, Irving M. Scott, W. W. Montague,
Oliver Eldridge, General John N. Dickinson.
E. R. Lilienthal, H. L. Davis, Charles R. Bishop,
John Taylor, F. S. Doutv, J. 08. Gunn, Judge
W. C. Van Fleet, A. A. Watkins. Judge C. 11.
Garoutte. P. N. Lilienthal, E. W. Hopkins,
Jndge E. A. Belcher, P. W. Ames, Phillip Gal
pin, F. J. Sjrmmes, J. J. O'Brien, Barclay Hen
ley. Frank W. Sumner, H. H. Hart.
"ENOUGH TO KEEP HER"
Quackenbush Tells of- What He
Heard on the
Lounge.
Judge Seawell and the attorneys in the
case of Quackenbush '■ apainst Quacken
bush completed the taking of the testi
mony of the defendant, Thomas M. Quack
enbush, at his residence yesterday morn
ing.
The venerable defendant was too feeble
to appear in court. ; He denied in toto
that he had ever signed the marriage con
tract or the acknowledgment of the mar
riage. In this regard he is disputed by
many witnesses, but he falls back on the
statement that he never intended to sign
any such document, and leaves the infer
ence that if he did so he was deceived as
to the character of the paper to which he
was appending his signature.
In the interesting testimony offered by
the old man, who is worth $750,000 and
objects to paying $500 a month alimony
to tbe lady who claims to be his wife by
contract, appears the following:
Mr. Pringle — During your illness in the
Washington-street house did you ever over
hear any conversation about yourself and
Mrs. Abbott and one of her sons?
Mr. Quackenbush— Yes, sir.
••State what it was aud how you came to
hear it."
"Well. I was lying on the lounge and they
thought I was asleep."
But the latter part of this statement
was ordered stricken out, because the wit
ness had no right to say what the lady and
her son thought, because quite naturally
he could not tell exactly what they
thought, so the lawyer took another tack:
Mr. Pringle— Well, what did they say?
The witness — Well, the son said to the
mother, "What do you expect to mpke out of
this?" she replied, ""I expect to make enough
to keep me all my life."
"What son was that?"
"Willie."
Then followed a long discussion by the
attorneys as to admissibility of a conver
sation at which it -was alleged that Mrs.
Abbott-Quackenbush confessed that she
was not married to the defendant. At
length it was allowed and Attorney Foote
asked:
Will you please state what was said on or
about the 17th of May, 1893, by Mr. Pringle
or yourself or Mrs. Abbott in reference to a
marriage or a marriage contract?
1 was sitting in the room and these parties
were there and Mr. Pringle came in and
said to me: "Mr. Quackenbush, are you a
mtrried man?" and I says, "No, sir." He
turned arouud to Mrs. Abbott and he says:
"Mrs. Abbott, are you married to Mr. Quack
enbush?" She said. "No, sir." He repeated
it to her and she said: "No, sir"; that we were
not married.
George Jones and Eli Pullin testified
tbat they knew the plaintiff in this case as
Mrs. Abbott and never as Mrs. Quacken
bush. :-.;•
Further testimony will be taken at 10
o'clock this morning, and as usual there
will be a big attendance ot old men and
women who seem to feel a personal in
terest in this marital litigation wherein
the lady admits that she i* 55 years of age
and the alleged bridegroom is said to be
"rising 76."
VALLEY ROAD CONTRACTS
Grading for Thirty Miles South
of Fresno Will Begin
Immediately.
• _
Track Will Be at Hanford in June
and Bakersfield Some Time
in the Fa 1.
The first jump in the long extension of
the Valley railroad from Fresno to Bakers
field was taken yesterday afternoon by
the directors of the progressive competi
tor of the Southern Pacific, the San Fran
cisco and San Joaquin Valley Railroad
Company. A large gang of men will be
put to work in three or four days making
grade to the well-established and enter
prising town of Hanford, and as rapidly
as the leveled earth will permit crotsties
and rails will follow it up. This is what
the board of directors autboriz-d at a
meeting yesterday and as was outlined in
yesterday's Call. The total expenditure
will be about $200,000.
The contract for thirty miles of grade
was ordered let by the board to Grant
Bros, of Alameda County, who have an
office in this City. The price was so much
per cubic yard, and will amount to between
$30.000. and $40,000. in Jetting the con
tract to Grant Bros, the directors have a
precedent for tbe kind 01 grading they
may expect. The firm did most of the
grading for the road from StocKton to
Fresno. The distance Irom Fresno to
Hanford is about thirty miles. For a
number of reasons the line will not be
completed as soon as bas been expected
down the valley into either Hantord or
Bakersfield. Chief Engineer Storey will
make a trip down to Fresno soon. He
said yesterday that they hoped to have
trains running into Hanford early in June,
and into Bakersfield when, as James Whit
comb Riley says, "the frost Is on the pump
kin and the fodder 'a in the suock Oc
tober or November.
The rails will be the latest steel pattern,
62»£ pounds to the yard, which is consid
ered a heavy rail. Considerable mileage
of the Southern Pacitie is said to be laid
with a GO- pound rail.
No time limit will be put into the con
tract. Chief Engineer Storey said they
have an understanding with the contrac
tors that the work will be proceeded with
as rapidly as the railroad company desires.
There will be no grade on the extension
heavier than fifteen feet to the mile. Be
tween Hanford and Fresno are a number
of streams. The largest bridge will be
across Kings River.
This bridge will consist of two spans of
100 feet each, with several feet of ap
proaches of trestle and embankment. The
bridge will be of wood and iron and the
spans will be what is known as the Howe
truss. The bridge will cost about $15,000.
The contract for it will be let soon.
The removal from Stockton to Fresno of
Division Superintendent A. D. McFarland
next Monday to superintend the exten
sion work creates a vacancy in the Stock
ton division. . The directors yesterday
approved the appointment of Assistant
Engineer A. D. Scbindler as division su
perintendent and engineer. Mr. Schindler
was promoted from the chief engineer's
office. He has gone to Stockton.
. President Clans Spreckels is in the East.
CARRIED OUT HIS WISH
The Hinckley Funeral Services
Were Extremely
Simple.
Boiy of Florence B:yih -Hinckley's
Husband Laid at Rest at Moun
tain View.
With simple ceremonies the funeral of
Frederick W. Hinckley, the late husband
of Florence Blythe-Hinckley, was held
from the family residence, 1221 California
street, yesterday afternoon.
i The services began at 10 o'clock and
were conducted by Rev. W. H. Moreland
in accordance with tbe Episcopal ritual.
Only the immediate relatives and friends
of the deceased, some twenty in number,
were present, and there was no ostenta
tious display of floral emblems.
At the conclusion of the services the
majority of those present retired, it being
understood that the interment, whicb
took place in Mountain View Cemetery,
Oakland, was to be strictly private. Those
wbo followed the body to the grave were
tho young widow, the immediate relatives
and the six pallbearers, H. T. Gibbs, A. R.
Grayson, A. M. Cumminßs, Charles Nich
ols, Charles E. Cornell and Joseph Spear
Jr.
The cortege tooK the 11 o'clock ferry
and the ceremonies at the grave were con
ducted in accordance with the arrange
ments that had previously been made.
It bad been the wish ,of "genial "Fritz"
HincKley that the services over his body
should be as simple as possible, and bis
wishes were carried out.
■ ■» » • —
Jewelrt store, 6 and 7 THird street, removed to
303 Kearny street.
KEW TO-DAT— DRT GOODS.
PRINTED
DRESS
FABRICS!
= 1897=
We take pleasure in announcing the
arrival of 85 cases NEW WASH DRESS
GOODS. The assortment includes:
French Printed Organdies, French
Printed Challies, Irish Printed Dimities,
French Printed Sateens, French Printed
Jaconets, Printed Tailor-made Suitings,
Japanese Crepes, Printed Etamines,
Printed Mulls, Printed Percales, Scotch
and English Cheviots and Madras
) Cloths.
We have also opened this week 150
dozen LADIES' SHIRT WAISTS, in all
the NEW STYLES for spring and
summer wear. These waists are in
Lawns, Percales, Mulls, Organdies,
Qrass Linen and Etamines.
We invite our City Patrons to inspect the above
goods at their earliest opportunity. _ r :
TELEPHONE C3-K,A.ISTT 124. .—
'•
111, 113, 115, 117. 119. 121 POST STREET.
SCHOOL BOARD
HAS MANY PLANS
! Radical Change in the
Control of Evening
Schools.
Some Teachers to Go and Some
New Positions to Be
Provided.
If the Plan Carries There Will Be
Four Teachers of Physical
Cv ture Very Soon.
The Board of Education will have a
lively time to-night. The programme is
much larger than usual. It embraces the
dropping of several teachers, the plan of
turning over the control of the evening
schools from the Committee on Classifica
tion to the Committee on Evening Schools,
the reception and consideration of Aud
itor Broderick's "kick" concerning the
architect's fees, premiums and soon for
the Mission High School, the revision of
former action concerning the school jani
tors, with, perhaps, a few other bits of
work thrown in. The board will come to
gether at 8 o'clock and will probably sit
late. s [j~A^
The • teachers of cooking, if a secret
agreement among the members is carried
out, will he dropped from their present
positions. These are Miss Wbittaker,
Miss Toomy and Miss Paxton. Their
places will be declared vacant. Miss Patton
will resume ncr place on the unaligned
I list. The other teachers will be out. Mr.
Stockman and Mr. Eldridge, both of whom
are connected with the manual training
of the children, are slated to go. There
was some talk of removing Professor
Barth, teacher of physical .culture, but
the athletic associations of the City ral
lied so to his support that he will stay.
The original proposition was to lav him
off until July, until more money comes
in. But this will not be carried out. In
July three more teachers of physical cul
ture will be added to the department,
making four in all, if the programme is
not changed.
Miss Treadwell, who was given permis
sion oy the old board to teach the voice
and physical culture during school hours
is also on the list to go. The Committee
on ttules has resolved upon this. Miss
bouie, who asked for one month leave of
absence, will probably be denied. She is
on the unassiened list. So also will Dr
Bonnell, assistant police surgeon, be re
fused leave of absence. He was a night
school teacher. His move was to hold
open a door by which be could step back
into the department. At the meeting of
tne board as a committee of the whole it
was resolved not to permit this.
Among the minor propositions which
the members are talking over is a pro
posed assessment upon the pupil* of the
Dudley Stone school of 10 cents per capita
to buy a piano. This does not meet with
the sanction of the majority, - the idea
being that no assessments should be per
mitted for any purnose.
■ The idea in transferring the control of
the evening schools from the Classification
Committee to the Committee on Even ne
Schools is to give the last named comSH j
tee as much jurisdiction over the evening
schools as the Classification Committee
has over the day schools, which will be
controlled as heretofore.
Since the board changed the janitors,
around there has been a eeneral rallying*
to the support of the janitors who were to
be displaced. As a consequence janitors
wno were to be moved out still hold on.
The programme may be modified some
what. The seerecatlon ofj funds sug
gested by the Finance Committee is likely
to carry with the exception of an addi
tional $1000 to the Buildings and Grounds
Committee.
Auditor Broderick went home early yes
terday to prepare his communication to the
board, with which he will return without
approval the bill ol Architect Havens be
cause the contracts f|>r the Mission High
School exceed the estimates. The discus
sion on all these matters and others inci
dentally arising will fill np the evening.
TO AID INDIA.
Committee Appointed to Raise Funds
for the Plague-Stricken Bast.
In view of the heartrending accounts
of distress in India, owing to the preva
lence of plague aDd consequent destitu
tion, Mayor Phelan was requested by
sympathizers here and in Berkeley to take
steps lor alleviating the terrible needs of
the natives.
The Mayor was not slow to act, and yes
terday appointed the following leading
citizens as a finance committee to raise
funds for the afflicted Indian population:
Ciaus Spreckels, Irving M. Scott, J. D.
Grant, Thomas Brown. C. N. Lilienthal
G. W. McNear and H. D. Ferry, secretary
to the committee.
Seeking His Son-in-Law.
The intricacies of a great city were exem
plified yesterday in the search of John Marten
son, a gunsmith of 739 Market street, for his
son-in-law, \V. S. Hill, a printer. Botn came
here recently from the East and neither knows
the other's address.
sew to-dat:
BnonHnmnHnißßl
I THE SAN FRANCISCO B
BLACK GOODS 1
HOUSE, I
23 Geary St., Near Kearny. ' i 1
I Telephone Grant 518. H
I Enlarging Our Facilities for the
Sale of DRESS FABRICS. 1
CLOSING OUT OUR
MDERWEAR
DEPARTMENT!
Imported Combination SaUs,
$5 and $4.50.
Keduced to 83.90 Suit.
Knit Combination Suits,
$1.50 and $1.25, '
Keduced to 75c Suit.
Lambs-wool Vests & Drawers,
$1. and $1. f,
. Keduced to 75c Each.
Swiss Ribbed Wool Vests,
91 and 86c, j
Keduced to 650 Each. i
Ribbed Lisle Vests,
50c and 4^o, R
■ 50c and Keduced to 350 Each. 1
Keduced to 350 Each. ■
I Every article in department reduced R
as the space is required for goods in 1
transit. 1
R. T. REMEDY OOIPIIT, I