VOLUME LXXXI.-XO. 36.
OPENING OF THE LEGISLATURE
But There Is a Very Serious
Question as to Its
Organization.
JUMBLE IN THE SENATE
AND ASSEMBLY.
Peculiar Tactics of Hamilton in
Securing a Call for a
Caucus.
MEMBERS FALSELY TOLD THAT
OTHERS HAD SIGNED.
Intense Indignation Exists and the Fierce Fight
Begun Will Now Be Waged Until a
United States Senator Is Elected
to Succeed Perkins.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Jan. 4. —Manager Hamilton announced to
il ght that he had secured sixty-two signatures to a call for a Republi
can caucus to-morrow evening on the Senatorial matter, Robinson of
Nevada County being the last to append his name.
After the list had been given to the press Assemblyman Pohlman,
whose name was on the list, stated that it had been represented to
him that all of the San Fra. Cisco delegation had signed, which was
not th- fact, and he therefore proposed to take his name off.
Other Republicans have made statements to the same effect. In
tense indignation exists, and a fierce fight has begun. It will be
waiied until a L'nited States Senator shall have been elected.
There is a serious question as to whether the Legislature was or
ganized to-day. The Senate adjourned earlier than did the Assembly,
.iml th, rcsrlt was that the Senate was not notified that the Assembly
had organized. The Senate committee could not find the Governor,
and the Governor was not notified. Hence the organization is said to
b^ incomplete, the foregoing. essentials not having been present.
Samuel M. Shortridge arrived on the late train last night, and was
received at his headquarters in the Golden Eagle Hotel by a hoit of
friends. __
OPENING OF THE SENATE.
Peculiar Omission That May Cause
a Postponement of the Sen
atorial Election.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Jan. 4.— When
the Senatorial caucus, which had met
iri one cf the rooms upstairs, ad
journed shortly before noon to-day, and
when the Senators filed into the well
wurmed chamber in which they were to
make laws Jor the government of the peo
ple of this State, they were followed by a
large crowd who wished to witness the
opening of the session of that distin
guished body.
The pallrries were filled and in the
lobby and seated in the red plush chairs
inside the railing on thejsround floor were
many ladies, attired in their most gaudy
raiment and most brilliant plumes. The
Senators themselves were not lacking in
the appreciation of the dignity and im
j.onance of the occasion. A few had their
wives sitting by them and a!l were ap
pareled as became the distinguished office
tiiled by them. The elderly gentlemen,
who put on a most severe expression of
countenance in order to parry the smiles
of the good-looking young women seeking
positions at the bands of the Senate, wore
JUDGE CAMPBELL and WARDEN AULL Refresh the
Inner Man.
The Call
black clothes and black cravat*, and
looked to the life most potent, grave and
reverend seigneurs.
Senator Morehouse of Santa Clara is
one of the most distinguished looking of
the new members. He wore a white
cravat and in his coat lapel a camellia of a
deep crimson hue.
Senator Bert, a holdover from San
Francisco, and Senator Denison of Ala
meda sported four-in-hands of brocaded
siik. the three enlivening the gloom most
gayly. The personnel of the Senate com
pares favorably with that of former ses
sions, there being many more than ordi
narily strong men amone tnem. For that
reason the present session promises to be
one of the most interesting if not impor.
ant in the history of the Stale. The first
day was as tame as all first days usually
are, the business beingof the most routine
character of preliminary organization.
Just as the hands of the big clock in the
zallery pointed to noon Lieutenant-Gov
ernor Jeter walked up the steps leading to
his chair of well upholsterer plush. It
was &ucli a chair as poets of the do;ce far
niente school would love to 101 l and doze
in; suggestive of sweet Deace and the rest
which belong 1 ? to him who possesses
neither fame nor care. Mr. Jeter is a fine
SAN FRANCISCO, TUESDAY MORNING, JANUARY 5, 1897.
LIEUTENANT - GOVERNOR JETER Calling the Senate to Order for the
Opening Session.
looking man, tall, dark, in the happy
medium degree, with curly hair and a
sweeping mustache. His are such a face
and figure as were seen before these vil
lainous days of gunpowder, when the good
right arm, the stout heart, the well-tem
pered blade, the quick eye and the stipple
prist won the way vi their possessor to
ducats and duches«es. Put upon him the
conventional doublet and hose ; span the
lithe waist with a broad leathern bolt,
fasten thereto a basket-bilted hanger ot
hand-made Damascus steel and cover tie
squirming dark locks with a wide
brimmed sombrero and you transform the
Lieutenant-Governor of California into a
rollicking blade of the days of all who can
k.ss pretty maids and drink sack with
equal pusto.
But Mr. Jeter is not that kind of a man.
Detail with his description has been gone
into because, a general rule, the Lietven
ant-Governor of a State, like the Vice-
President of the United States, drops into
oblivion after election, unless he elopes
with some other man's wife or murders
his mother-in-law, or does something hor
rible to force trie newspapers to notice
him and the people to reruember him.
However, on this occasion, Mr. Jeter was
a personage of consequence in the affairs
of the State.
The Senate could not have organized
without him, had he chosen not to take his
seat. That is the opinion of Governor
Budd as expressed this afternoon, but it
has been stated that the opinion is un
sound. If that were the case the death of
a Lieutenant-Govornor at an hour or a
minute before the opening of the Senate
would throw matters into confusion the
most inextricable.
The call to order was short and sweet
two raps of the gavel and tlie simple an
nouncement that the session had begun.
After the rollcall there was a pause of live
or ten minute*, which interval was occu
pied in conversation with visitors and
others ut the desks of the Senators.
Senator Dickinson was the first to speak.
He presented the temporary rules, the
significant one of which was that the
standing committees should be appointed
Jay the Senate, thus conveying to Mr.
Jeter's mind In the most delicate man
ner that precedent would not be observed
in this instance for obvious reasons.
Senator Bert was the author of the first
motion, which was to proceed to the elec
tion of the standing officers.
The h'Tst joke was perpetrated by Sena
tor Langford of San Joaquin— a good man,
but a Democrat. The Senator had been
nominated »Td voted for by tiis colleagues
of ihe Democratic faith for the position of
temporary president. It was a party vote
of 28 to 12, he getting the full dozen.
vVhen the result was announced the Sen
ator rose in his place and inquired inno
cently:
"Mr. Chairman, do I understand that I
am defeated?" His expression was so
funny that everybody laughed.
The Senate sent a committee of three to
notify the Governor that it had organized
and was ready to receive any communica
tion that he might choose to make. The
committee returned and reported that
the Governor was not in his office, and
thai the notification, therefore, could not
be served upon him. Then the Senate
notified the Assembly of the fact of or
ganization and udjourned fin hour or co
before the Assembly had completed its
organization. The committee of that
body sent to notify the Senate of course
could not fulfill its mission, the Senate
not being in session.
The omission to notify the Senate was
JUDGE JAMES A. WAYMIRE Receives an Ovation Upon His Arrival at Sacramento.
contended by many parliamentarians to
invalidate the organization, two of the
essentials of organization — the notifica
tion to the Governor and the notification
by the Assembly to the Senate — having
been omitted. These things, it is claimed,
are as essential factors of organization as
the election of a statutory officer of that
body, and the proposition s t up is that
an organization bad not been established
to-day, and that the election of a United
States Senator would liave to be deferred
for anotuer term.
There was no prayer when the Senate
wa9 called to order.
A roil of holdovers was called. A reso
lution providing for the adoption of rules
for the Senate wa9 presented by Senator
Continued on Second Page.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
REFUNDING
RESOLUTIONS
Proposition Now Pending in
Congress Considered in
Caucus.
SENTIMENT OF KEPUBLI
CAN ASSEMBLYMEN.
Foreclosure and Government
Ownership of the Pacific
Roads Advocated.
CAMINETTI OPPOSED ANY IX
TENSION.'
Urges That the Existing Laws Con*
cerning the Bond- Aided Roads
Be Rigidly Enforced •
SACRAMENTO. Cal., Jan. 4.— The Ke
publicansot the Assembly caucused dur
ing recess and among other measures con
sidered the railroad refunding proposi
tion now pending in Congress. Belshaw
of Contra Costa and Cotter of Yuba each
bad resolutions prepared. The two sets
of resolutions were combined and Mr.
Belshaw was delegated to present the fol
lowing to the Assembly as the sense of
the Republicans:
WIIKHK.4S, There is now pending in
Con;rei« a bill known us the Powers
bill which has for its subject the re
funding of the debts of certain Govern
ment-aided railroads; and whereas, any
scheme of refunding the Pacific rail
! roads' indebtedness to the Government
i must result in maintaining an excessive
capitalization . of these roads, thus re
quiring high rates of fares and freights
10 meet the interest payments thereon,
to the great burden and disadvantage
of the pep'e of the State of
California; and whereas, a bale of
these roads on - foreclosure to any
corporation or private person must
resnlt in the loss of most of said Govern
ment Indebtedness, besides perpetuat
: ing .the evll» of private, ownership and
■ management, therefore
l.tioltrd by th« Assembly of the State
of California, the Senate concurring,
That ,our Senators be instructed and
oar Representatives be requested to
oppose the refunding of the said in
debtedness in any form, and In lieu
thereof to favor legislation providing
for the foreclosure and sale of said
roads, upon condition that the Gov
ertament shall b d on said roads and
I operate them as a National enterprise
in the interest and for the benefit of
the whole people, and especially of
California, who have contributed more
: to the suppor of said roads than the
I people of ' any other section, the re
sults of which will much sooner reim
burse the Government for |the advances
made by it in aid of these roads than
by any other ii:etiioil ; and be'it further
Ketolred. That the Governor be re
quested. to immediately trait sin it by
telegraph a c::py of these resolutions2
COLONEL JACKSON and MR. HAMILTON Ta king Business.
to our Congressional delegation at
Washington.
Mr. Beishaw moved a reference of the
resolutions to a committee. Mr. Cami
netti introduced the following substitute:
■\Vi-KKEAS, There is now pending
before Cuncress of the United -tates a
measure known as the Powers-Gear
funding bill, which has for its object
the extension of payment of the debts
of the Pacific railroads to the Govern
ment of the United States; and where
as, said ra lrmi I received from the
United S:ates Government, through the
issuance of bonds and grants of land,
aid and assistance which made possible
the construction of said roads; and
wherpas, any extension of the pay
ment of said debts will impose ■ further
and oppressive debt and the obligation
of paying tlie same on the people of
this State through an unjust . inequitable
rate of fares and freigh's, and afford
said railroad an opp :rtuuiiy to further
evade their contracts with the Goverc
ment, be it further
R'nolred, By the Assembly, the Senate
concurring, that we are unalterably
Speaker of the Assembly Frank
L. Coombs, Who Would Dearly
Love to Visit Japan Again.
opposed to a-iy and all extensions of
the payment of said debts, arid to the
so-called •'Powers-Gear fundin<; -bill,"
and any other bills of like import, and
that we instruct our Senators aud re
quest our Representatives in Congress,
to use all honorable means to defeat
said funding bill or any similar meas
ure; and be it further
Reaolved, That we favor the imme
diate collection, on maturity, of said
debts from said railroad s, and in the
event [that said debts cannot be col
lected, then we urge and favor the en
forcement of exUting lawn of the
I'nited States concerning the said
Pacific railroads; and be it furMier
J.etolted, That a committee of nine
members, to be selected a< follows:
Three mmnbiTs of the Senate by tho
Senate, three members of the Assem
bly by the Assembly, and three citi
zens at large by the Governor, be ap
pointed to immediately proceed to
Washington, J> C, and request a hear
ing on behalf of the State of Califor
nia before the respective committees
of Congress having the subject In
charge, present thvsr- resulut inns and
otherwise to aid, by all honorable
means, the efforts to defeat said bill
and any similar measure; and further
Resolved, That the Governor be and
is hereby request -d to transmit by
telegraph a copy of thesu resolution*
to each of our Senators and Repre
sentative* in Congress, to the President
of the I nitt-tl States and to the Senate
and House of Representatives of the
United States."
The Belsbaw caucus resolution and the
CULVER SKETCHES THE GRAND MARCH TO THE STATE CAPITAL.
Caminetti substitute were referred to a
commiitee of rive, consisting of Beishaw
Caminetti. Meade, Robinson and Wright.
The committee was instructed to report
tomorrow.
Belshawand Caminetti, a sub-corumiltee
of the main committee to which the anti
fandini; resolutions were referred, agreed
to-night on a measure eliminating Govern
ment ownership and operation of t c
roads. The clause in Caniinetti's sub
stitute asking that California as a sover
eign State should be represented before
the Congresssonal committee obtained
recognition. It was agreed that the Senate
should appoint one member, the Assembly
one and ttie Governor appoint a citizen of
the State, making a committee of three to
to Washington to represent the senti
ment of California. There will be a meet
ing of the entire committee to-morrow at
10:30 o'clock.
OPENING OF THE
LEGISLATURE
Continued from First Page.
Dickinson. Provision was made for the
appointment of standing committees and
the Senate proceeded to the election of
statutory oflicers. Thomas B. Flint was
elect President pro tern .; FranK J. Bran
don, secretary, and George W. Mclntyre
and D. E. McKinlay, assistant secretaries;
journal clerk, Theodore A. Simpson ; en
grossing clerk. C. R. Mayhew; enrolling
clerk, J. M. Cileaves Jr.; sereeant-at
arms, Leslie Blackburn; first assistant ser-
M. W. Coff ey ; postn^is
ness, Miss Edna Cowan ; assistant post
mistress, Miss I. Erzgraber; minute clerk,
John L. Childs. Rev. C L Miel was made
chaplain at $5 per diem on resolution by
Senator Slratton.
The Committee on Notification was
named, consisting of Aram, La Rue and
Morehouse.
Mahoney moved to adjourn. Dickinson
suggested awaiting of tne report of the
committee and the motion to adjourn was
withdrawb. The committee reported its
inability to find the Governor, and the
iime was extended till to-morrow at 10
o'clock. The Senate then adjourned.
IN THE ASSEMBLY.
Organization Effected by the Elec-
tion of Coombs as Speaker and
Selection of Minor Officials.
SACRAMENTO, Cal.. Jan. 4.—Shana
han of Shasta was a conspicuous cham
pion of the Populist party in the prelimi
nary steps of the Assembly organization
to-day. Shanahan, rosy as the dawn and
fresh as tbe dew, first came in view as a
contestant for recognition against North
of Alameda. Each was prepared to ad
dress Chief Clerk Duckworth, temporarily
presiding, and offer a motion, but the As
sembly proceeded to call the roll of mem
bers. The chair recognized North, and
this recognition excited the representa
tive of Shasta to an outburst of protesta
tions.
The incident was soon passed over and
the Assembly proceeded to organization,
swearing in the new members in con
venient blocks. At the proper time Dib
ble moved for a special committee to pre
pare rules for the government of the
Assembly, the committee to include the
Speaker, Chynoweth, Dibble, McClellan
and McCandish.
In the midst of this serenity there came
a burst of oratory from an unexpected
source. Many members and some of the
spectators had apprehended that North of
Alameda would early in tbe session open
the. floodgates of eloquence, but no one
surmised that North of Yolo would enter
the arena first and challenge all comers to
a parade of pretty Dlatitudes. North did
hold the Assembly spellbound, and at the
close of the speech members and specta
tors generously applauded the spellbinder
from the Yolo tules.
The effect of tbe sneech would have
been heightened if the members had read
ily understood what the orator was talk
ing about. But they obtained a shadowy
impression that he was placing Speaker
Coombs on a high pedestal, and having
about placed him there, was trying to get
down himself. It "Was readily assented to
that Mr. Coombs was in nomination for
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JANUARY 5, 1897.
Speaker, and then Bridgeford nominated
Caminetti. The voting went along smooth
ly until S anahan'a name was called, and
then the member from Shasta was con
strained to explain his vote.
Incidentally ne recalled his service in
the Assembly six years ago when Coombs
was Speaker, There the Speaker had so
won his admiration that an infant Shana
han was christened to bear the illustrious
name of Coombs. Yet this admiration
growing briehter and going deeper as the
years advanced was not sufficient to swing
his vote. He explained that the principle
represented by Caminetti bore a "closer
approximate" of .Populists' faith than the
tenets of Coomb?, therefore, he would
vote for Caminetti.
Assemblymen Guy, Bridpeford and
Caminetti performed the agreeable func
tion of escorting Coombs to ttie desk.
Chief Clerk Duckworth administered the
oath and introduced the Speaker.
ProDer applause followed the introduc
tion. The Speaker acknowledged his grati
tude for the compliment and honor be
stowed in his election, and assured his
associatos that he entered upon the duties
of the office without ambition personal to
himself. He offered a few suggestions,
urging early work to complete tue labors
of the session. He thought the general
appropriation bill should be passed ten
days before the close of the session, so
that the tux levy could be accurately
made. He spoke of the extravagent ex
penditures to support public institutions,
and recalled the fact that six years ago he
sought to abolish various commissions,
bui his efforts then resulted in failure. In
closing Speaker Coombs said:
'Every appropriation should be meas
ured by a rule of public necessity. The
public welfare should be a charge on the
honor and ability of members."
The Speaker's opening speech won ap
plause.
Assemblyman L. H. Valentine placed in
nomination for Speaker pro tern. Brewster
C. Kenyon of Sar. Diego. J. K. Burnett,
fusionist, of Paso Rubles, was also put in
nomination. Mr. Kenyon was elected and
acknowledged the compliment in a mod
est speech wherein he likened hiuiseff into
the third wheel of an ammunition wagon,
meaning thereby, the extra wheel of a
caisson and at that he would let it go.
The oath which Duckworth admiuis
tered to Coombs was in turn passed along
and administered by Coombs to Kenyon,
and the latter has it now.
In proper routine along the usual lines
o! organization S. J. Duckworth of Mon
terey was chosen chief clerk, an I \V. O.
Banks, ex-Senator from San Francisco,
was elected sergeant at-arras.
Shanahan of Suasta encountered his
usual distress in an endeavor to throw his
vote strictly on the line of Poouii3tic
principle. He made a gallant stand to
vote for Ga,viuan for Chiei clerk and ended
the struggle by voting for Gallagher. As
the "approximation of the idea he pos
sessed" the gentleman from Shasta ex
plained his political disabilities on the
ground t;at he had to caucus by himself.
The organization was completed by the
Thomas V. Cator Is on the Battle
ground.
election of assistants. There was some
talk of deferring the election of chaplain,
but it was deemed essential that tbe
chaplain should be on duty to-morrow
morning and so Rev. Charles F. Oehier
was elected. For assistant clerks W. 0.
Hawkett of Alameda and Clark Alberti of
San Diego were chosen.
Landsborouuh of Sacramento, who was
recently indicted by the Grand Jury, was
sworn in, and voted for Speaker, casting
his vote for Caminelti.
The usual resolution was adorned direct
ing the chief clerk to notify the Senate
that tlie Assembly was organized and
ready for business.
Judge Dibble moved that the Governor
be informed that the Assembly was organ
ized, and so a committee, of which Dibble
was chairman, waited on the Governor.
Under the radiance of the electric lights
the Assembly went into (he fight aeainst
the refunding bill. Mr. Belshaw intro
duced one set of resolutions and Mr. Cam
nietti introduced a substitute. Both
measures were referred to a special com
mittee.
The outlook is promising for a fine dis
play of pent-up oratory immediately after
the Assembly convenes to-morrow. There
is a wide difference of opinion on tho
question whether the Government should
foreclose and sell the competing roads or
simply tase and manage the properties.
CALL FOR A CAUCUS.
But Some of the Republican Repre
sentatives Were Induced to
sign by False Pretenses.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Jan. 4.— W. B.
Hamilton, Senator Perkins' manager,
gnve out to-night a list of «ixty-one
Republican representatives who had
signed a call fora caucus for to-morrow
night on the nomination of a United
States Senator. Tlie following are the
names:
Senators Gillett, Gleaves, Suippee,
Aram, Lucksinger, Holloway, Dickinson,
Shine, Voortieis, Pedlar, Denison, Strat
ton, Beard, Troutt, Flint, Smith, iioyce,
Simpson, Bulla, Androus, Jones, With
ington. Total, 22. Six Republican Sena
tors did not sien, namely: Bert, Wolfe,
Mahoney, Franck, Morehouse and Linder.
Assemblymen — Strain, Hill, Damon,
Soward, Stansill, Cutter, I*orth, Power,
Burnham, Pru-e, Coombs, Anderson, Sims,
Ennia, Canavan, Belshaw, Austin, Fon
tana, Pohlnikn, Clarke, Wayraire, Leav
itt Breiling, H. H. North, Wright, Mal
colm, Arnerich, Keabies, Hudson, Harris,
MeJick, Vosberg, Kenyon, Valentine,
Cross, Cbynoweth, Lindeberger, Goff,
Guy. Total, 39. The Assemblymen who
did not sign were: Jones, Bettraan, Dibble,
Henry, Dennery. Kobinson, Kelly.
Assemblyman Fohlman, whose name
appears among the number signing the
caucus roll, stated this evening that he
signed the call under a misrepresentation
of the facts ana under a misapprehension
and that he will withdraw i:is name there
from. He was told that all the San Fran
cisco delegation in the Assembly had
signed, whereas the fact was that none of
them had signed at the time the state
ment was made 10 him. It is represented
that many other names were likewise ob
tained by means of representations that
the seventy-four members of the Legisla
ture had agreed to sign it or had signed
the call.
The tactics exhibited by Mr. Hamilton
have aroused a feeling of intense indigna-
Dan Cole Seemed to Know Every
body.
tion. Those signatures having been ob
tained fraudulently cannot have any
binding effect and will not be regarded by
tbe members who were thus deceived.
Other members late to-nigbt announced
that they had appended '.heir names to
the call under the same false pretenses,
and declared their intention of taking off
their names. The light is on and will.be
\vu;:ed vigorously from this time until the
end of the con;e-t.
GARBLED THE INTERVIEW.
A Pointed Portion of Charles M.
Shortrldsre's Statement That
the Examiner Left Out.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Jan. 4. — The
Examiner had in this morning's issue an
interview with Charles M. Shortridge, part
of which it published and part of which it
suppressed. The suppressed part is really
the best reading of the whole interview.
In oraer tliat the public may be enabled
to jutlge of the reasons why the Examiner
did not publish it in its entirety it is in
serted here:
"I believe his (S. M. Sbortridge's) elec
tion w:ll come as surely as the Legislature
meets. While it may be said by some that
be comes late into t.e tight it cannot
be claimed that he does not come
nooly into it His name will be pre
sented in time for the Legislature of
California to cive it due considera
tion.
"While he is bei:ig fought by the San
Francisco Examiner, which journal, you
will remember, fought Mr. White and
thereby aided in bis election, and while
he is b ing fought by the Sacramento
Record-Union, which thereby notifies the
State that he does not and would not wear
the railroad collar, I am of the opinion
that a majority of the legislators of Cali
fornia will recognize in this position a
strong reason to advocate hu cause.
"There will be plenty of time and ample
opportunity offered to the press and to
the legislators of California to investigate
the record of Samuel M. Shortridge from
his youth up to the present moment.
There will be ample opportunity ottered
for a comparison of ability to serve and
for a decision in His favor. I confidently
rtst bis case with the representatives of
the people,"
SENATOR BOYCE'S BILL.
Will Endeavor to Make Klndsrgar-
tons a Part of the Pub Ie
School System.
SACRAMENTO, Ual., Jan. 4.— Among
the new Senators is J. J. Boyce of Santa
Baibara, a sturdy Republican. Mr. Boyce
has just returned from a vacation among
the snows of Mount Shasta, where he lias
been recuperating, his health lately not
being the best by reason of his arduous
work for the Republican party. He comes
back bronzed and rugged looking, although
not quite himself again. He has taken
much interest in educational matters in
his own beautiful county and also in the
remainder of the State, and will early in
the session introduce a bill making tne
kindergarten a part of the public school
system. He tells an interesting story of a
school in his own town which will illus
trate the value of kindergarten methods
in the school system.
In that lovely village by the placid sea
is a millionaire spinster and a school sup
ported altogether by her private purse.
The story goes to the effect that about ten
years ago the lady, Miss Blake of Boston,
came to Santa Barbara to recuperate dur
ing the summer. Sue liked the balmy
climate so well, and it liked her so well,
that she kept coming summer after sum
mer, and finally built for herself a cosy
villa at a cost of about $10,000. She also
expended a similar sum in the erection
and titling up of a kindergarten school, in
which the children were taught cooking
and sloyd work, the Yankee instinct of
whittling wood being strong with her. In
order that the school might not lack for a
competent teacher. Miss Blake took in
hand a young woman of that place named
Miss Rich, and sent her to Europe to
study the latest and most desirable and
effective methods of kindergarten work,
and also for the purpose of giving her that
breadth ol mind without which the modern
system of education would be a failure.
The school has done excellent work, and
has proved a blessing to the parents in
that to wn; but the best work it has done
has been to open the eyes of the people to
the necessity of improved kindergarten
schools for the benefit of the young.
Such schools, but not on a scale so per
fect or so extended as that of Santa Bar
bara, are found in the larger cities of the
State, but they are supported wholly by
charitable persons out of their private for
tunes. People who have given the subject
some thought consider that it is repulsive
to the genius of American institutions to
allow the children of citizens to depend
for this particular Kind of instruct on upon
private charity, and they contend that the
kindergarten school should be made a
part of the public school system. It has
proved to be a popular and excellent thing,
and all excellent things in the way of edu
cation should be incorporated into the
school system.
"The people of Sania Barbara," said
Senator Boyce, "are modest and do not
ask much Irom tbe State. They do not
want an insane asylum or a reform «c;io(.;l,
because they have none of that kind of
peopie there, and do not want that kind
of i eople to swell the roll of the popula
tion.
"Warden Aull told me a year ago that
the islands of the coast of Sania Barbara
are ideal locations for penal institutions,
the climate being perlect as to healthful
ness and the ocean being the best sale
guard against escape or attempts at
escape. But, as I said before, we are not
asking anything from tbe Mate except
that tbe kindergarten shall be made a
part of the public school system or that a
portion of the school fund shall be sdt
apart for helping to maintain them and
not allow the burden to rest upon the
shoulders of the sood people who have
devoted their time and money to estab
lish and maintain them."
After the Rich Plums.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Jan. 4. —Max
Popper of San Francisco had a long inier
view with Governor Budd to-day. Ru
dolph Herold and M. Greenbiatt are said
Mr. Curry in Contemplative Mood
to be leading candidates for Harbor Com
mi-sioner to succeed Dan T. Cole. Aside
from the appointment of a Harbor Com
missioner the Governor will appoint two
Bank Commissioners.
Waymire Is Their Choice.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Jan. 4.— Friends
of Judge Waymire intend to bring his
case before the Legislature in the form of
a memorial to the President, requesting
him to appoint Judge Waymire a member
of his Cabinet, and informine the Presi
dent through the highest authority — the
Legislature of California — that he is the
choice of the Republicans of this State.
Committees Established.
SACRAMENTO, Cau. Jan. 4. — The
Committees on Rules held a ions session
last night. Forty-three committees were
established. One important new commit
tee was created — that of revision of the
coded — to which will be referred the work
of the Code Commissioners and all bills
pertaining thereto.
XO BACCO JXUf.siux HUIXED.
Growers an<t .Manufacturer* Ask a Pro
trctite Tariff.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 4.— T6
bacco and manufacturers thereof, being
schedule F of the existing tariff ; law, was
the subject of the hearing before the Com
mittee on Ways and Means this mornir<t*.
Michael Tobin of Baldwinsville, N. V.,
said that up to within a few years the to
bacco growers had , baen prosperous. Up
to within a few years the, tobacco section
of New York crew some 35.000 cases of to
bacco annually, while now the production
has fallen to about 12,000 cases.
It was not fair, he said, that their
dangerous rival, the Holland syndicate,
employing labor at 10 0r,12. cents day,
should* be allowed to annihilate and ruin
a domestic industry of such magnitude. •■
Other manufacturers' and growers of
tobacco spoke in a similar strain.
lndinponition of the Pope,
ROME, Italy, Jan. 4.— The Pope is
3:igbtly indisposed to-day.
NO ABATEMENT
OF THE BLIZZARD
Nebraska Trains Blockaded
in Drifts Mountain
High.
Snowplows Go to the Rescue
and They Are Also
Stalled.
Havoc With the Wires— Three Stock
men Said to Have Been Frczen
to Death.
OMAHA. Nebb., Jan. 4.— The blizzard
which visited this city Sunday stili con
tinues, arid while comparatively little
snow has fallen, the wind drifts what has
fallen and impedes traffic. Snowplows
and road sciapers Have been constantly on
the go all day. The thermometer has
ranged from zero to five degrees above.
Reporfs from Huron and other points in
South Dakota show thirteen inches of
snow. A special to the World-Herald
from Vermilion, S. D., states that the
wind has drifted the snow lrom ten to
twenty feet in places.
Three stockmen are reported to have
been frozen to death seven miles north
west of Nelson, Nebr.
Freight trains are stalled on the Elk
Horn branch west of Norfolk, Nebr., and
on the Chicago, St. Paul, Minneapolis
and Omaha, between Norfolk and Win
side, Nebr.
The weather reports to the railroads
show heavy snow and winds at every sta
tion in the State. The snowstorm and
wind have played havoc with the trains.
The Chicago, St. Paul, Minneapolis and
Omaha is blocked north of Elair, and no
iruins came in from Sioux City or went
there to-day over lhat road. The Sioux
City trains came down on the lowa side of
the river over the Sioux City and Pacific
road. The Union Pacific branch trains
were running, but all main line trains
were late this afternoon. Eastern, West
ern and Southern trains arrived from ten
to forty-five minutes late. Rock Island
trains from Denver were laid out by the
snow, and a stub train went east this aft
ernoon from Omaha.
Telegraph wires are working very badly
throughout the West and Easi, as well as
Nortii, each road doing nearly all of its
business over one wire.
■ The Union Pacific snowplows are break
ing a way over the Columbus and Grand
Island branches.
TOPEKA, Kans.. Jan. 4.— The railroads
of Kansas aru suffering badly from the
snowstorm. All trains are iate, and in
some places traffic is entirely blockaded.
In places the drifts are bit and ten feet
high. At Lamed the snow is four feet
deep on the level.
Santa l"c passenger trains 5, 14 and 6
were stalled over ten hours between
Dodge City and NicKerson yesterday. An
engine with asnowplow was sent oat there,
and it ulso was stalled. Truffic on the
Panhandle south of Woodward, O. T., is
entirely blocked, as is the case on the Lib
eral branch of the Rock Island. Trains on
tue main line of the Bock Island are much
delayed to-day.
DES MOINES, lowa, Jan. 4.— Central
lowa has been in the throes of a blizzard
the past eighteen hours. Snow has been
falling, a high wind nas prevailed and tbe
mercury has fallen about ihirty degrees,
standing now several points below zero.
The Weather Bureau predicts continued
cold and that the storm will last another
day. About eight inches of snow has
fallen and it is drifting fast. Wires are
badly interfered with in many directions
and the railroads are beginning to have
difficulties in moving trains. Thers are
delays on all lines out of here and a num
b r have been abandoned on account of
inability to make connections.
HURON, S. Dak , Jan. 4.— The heaviest
snow and wind storm since 1888 has pre
vailed here and over this part of tbe State
since Sunday morning, with no indications
that it will cease before to-morrow. The
temperature is below zero and the wind
comes from the north at sixty miles an
hour. Fifteen inches of snow has fallen,
filling the railway cuts and piling drifts
ten to fifteen feet high. All trains on the
Dakota Central division of the Chicago
and Northwestern are tied up. Great
Northern trains are abandoned and no
effort will be made to move trains on
either line until the storm abates. The
telegraph service is interrupted. Suffer
ing is certain to result among the settlers,
as fuel is not to be obtained.
MBAri JtAI.W JX MICJBI&AM.
lee- Blocked Stream* at Many Point*
Ihreaten flood*.
DETROIT. Mich., Jan. 4.— Reports from
different sections of Michigan show that
much damage has been done by heavy
rains. Little ttama.e is being don* to
crops and property. The St. Joseph
Valley road is inundated for several rods
and treatle works are undermined.
Niles reports that rain has fallen inces
santly there for the past seventy-two
hours and fears of a repetition of the great
flood of eight years ago this mouth are
entertained. All small streams are con
verted into rivers and tbe St. Joseph may
overflow 111 banks. The Menominee
River is blocked with ice at several points
and heavy floods are feared.
LOTXtSJtX TKaItHC EACOURAOEIJ
The United State* Supreme Court Upset*
n Conviction.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. I._ The
efforts of counsel to secure judgment from
the Supreme Court of the United States
upon the constitutionality of the law for
i he suppression of lottery traffic in the
prosecution of Aibe-t L. France et al.
indicted for conspiracy for violating the
act by trafficking in lottery slips and
drawings between Cincinnati and Coving
ton, Ky., were not successful.
The court of the Southern District of
Ohio found the defendants guilty. They
appealed to the Supreme Court of the
United States. The case was argued by
James C. Barter for the defendants and
by Assistant Attorney-General Whitney
for the Government, the arguments being
devoted to the question of the constitution
ality of the law.
"But," said Justice Peckham, disposing
of the case to-day, "the court did not rind
it necessary to pass upon the constitution
ality of the law-, for in the opinion of the
court the acts complained of, the carryina
of papers used in lottery drawings did not
con titute an offense prohibited by
statute. The conviction is therefore re
versed and the discharge of the defendants
ordered.
QMPte. CURE IT
Sore nnat ' |jj|{|£ IT
Sore Month. PI] DC j|
Enlarge! Lumps, CURE IT
Falling' Hair. C y RE iT
burst. II
SHn EruDttons. (MI DC IT
Glanlnlar Lumps, jIDC |T
Partial Loss CURE IT
Of .'Biekii'. > CURE IT
1 1 Means Blood Disease 1
I |
30-Day Cure Is Safe.
30-Day Circulars Free.
HUDYAN Is mMm
HUDYAN cm for
HUDYAN Mbi MaDM>
HUDYAN NerMS umii
HUDYAN BIDeS: lm
HUDYAN Ma&cMla aM
HUDYAN DiS6aseuf MeQ
®®®®®®®®<§®®®®®®®®®3<S'?)
I CIRCULARS FREE. I
® m
®®®®®®®®®®(s,®®®®®®®®®®
Hudson Medical Institute
Stockton. Market and Ellis Sts.
j Philadelphia
I Shoe CO. No. ID Third St.
■ STAMPED ON A SHOE MEANS STANDARD OF MERIT
We Study
Your Wants.
_We kDOw what our trade demands.
Tney want the la est styles, and ihe b?gl
wearers, for the least money, and we cater
to their wishes. We carry the best as-
sorteU stock In this city, ana at prices that
defy comp-titton.
'I hia weekasi>erialty In Ladles' Shoes.
Kangaroos. Calf Button, straight foxed,
ni-w coin toe, double soles, reversed but-
ton . fly. and Hut the thin* for Winter,
«ft>oced to •2.OO; sold elsewhere fur
250. NEW
INVOICE.
fl|Bk %fek LADIES' STORM
83 Mw ML KIBBKRS, with
luiMfiV medinm ronnd
. ■SBBnBßWWnjjtna__ toes " Reduced to
J)i( /| mi ladies' Twentieth
¥v nil IXWI Century Luce
W *' l^^l shoe with kid or
B *. lil cloth toos, durable
§ T^ ufikf so! es: straight fox-
fe_ Wm "'■ with kid tops
K**"-»««_^ wf or clrPlllar vamjn
*^*tT^Si^fc^S^P l>ointed toes and
Jm?\^ri---— 3^ pointed tops and
_ patent leather tips.
Every pair guaianteed. The very latest
swellest styles. Reduced to f2. .
tOT Country orders solicited.
tS" Send for New lllus:ra:ej Catalosas.
address
B. KATCHINSKI.
PHILADELPHIA SHOE C O
1O Third St.. San KrancUoo.
CAT it^ R ' 3Ei CATARRH
LOCAL DISEASE MBZjLYT^ft
and Is the result of colds Wg c/MM BAlV^i
and sudden climatic ■£&?to>» c W?fS cOLCI I
. change W^'^H M*\
This remedy uo?s not con- Ljj^ff^VElJ *\j)B 2!rA
taiu mercury or any otner K. ..*?££ JS
lnjunouis drug. ■V s j. i?#JM
ELY'S Wf^sim
CREAM BALM P^fl
Opeus and cleans the Nasal P.M 1\ TfP I U
tassagos.' Allays Pain and WliU I'l1 ' 1 IlLi.il/
inflammation. Heals and Protects the Memhp.r, .
from Colds. Restores the Seuse-i of : 'W.» »«•
*«eIU isquicK.y absorbed. Give, Sl'teu?^
Mcents ai Dvug,'isu. or by mail; samples 100 by
:; ELY BROTHERS, 56 Warren strep-.. New Yor*
GEORGE H. FULLER DESK CO.
vsMMnßnnfl& OFFICE FURSITURB
,B {jErffiEli IBbSp 638-C4O Mission St.WILL WEYLER
BE RECALLED?
Washington Rumor Th&:
h Given Much
Credence.
Correspondencs Between Minis
ter Taylor and Secretary
0 ney Leaks Out.
The Spanish Government Keenly Feels
Its Sacrifice of Life an I
Treasure.
NEW YORK, X. V., Jan. 4.— A special
to tne Tribune from Washineton says:
Is General Weyler to be succeeded as
Governor-Genernl of Cuba? There are
good reasons for giving an affirmative
reply to this question, and ior saying that
officer's day? as a director-in-chief of tbe
Cuban affair^ are numbered.
Recent press dispatches from Madrid
have intimated that Prime Minister Oano
vas, certain members of his Cabinet and
some leading Soanisb papers are dissatis
fied with Weyler's course in Cuba. The
general has accomplished too little as a
soldier to please ihe authorities and press
at Madr.d.
The intimation made that Weyler is to
be called home is not based so much upon
what is being said in Madrid as upon a
report made to the State Department by
Mr. Taylor. Generally what Mr. Taylor
Fays is held in BOCh strict confidence that
little intelligence he conveys reaches the
; üb:ic. Information has, however, leaked
through that Mr. Taylor lias informed the
Secretary of Sia:e that General Weyler is
likely to be relieved of bis command at an
early date, and that his successor has been
practically decided upon.
Minister Taylor informed Secretary
Olney se^ral days ago that the author
ities at Madrid were on the point of re
lieving General Weyler of his command
in Cuba and of appointing Primo de
Uievera. Reasons were given in brief
why a change was deemed advisable, and
a statement was made as to the probable
time when the orders would be promulga
ted. It is learned that the Madrid Gov
ernmtnt Is disp eased at the fact that
General Weyler, »it 6 about 200, COO
troops, has not put down the Cuban re
volt. He has expended large sums of
money, out so far has made no decided
headway in accomplishing his main ob
ject, that of quelling the insurrection and
restoring peace and good order. His
t'oups have been v.ctorious on occasion?,
but they have also met defeat, and the
total result, considering Spain's outlay in
life and tieasure, is far from satisfactory.
The one great requirement — success — has
not been in; tilled , and Weyler has conse
quently fallen iudisesteem at Madrid.
THE COStaiOUORE WItECK.
Captain- Jlurp/fj *ittj* It Warn a He suit
of >rfiUgrnce.
JACKSONVILLE, Fla., Jan. 4.— Cap- j
taiii Edwin Murphy, the commander of i
the wrecked filibustering steamer Com
modore, and the remainder of those saved
from the wrecs arrived in this city from j
Daytonia to-night. Seven men are still |
missing and are believed to be drowned. |
CaDtain Murphy gives their names as fol- i
lows:
James Reddingan, chief engineer, of
Brooklyn; E. R. Ritton, assistant en
gineer, of Jacksonville, Fla. ; Thomas
Smith, sailor, of Charleston, S. C. ; Jonas
Frankiin (colored), fireman, of Jackson
ville, Fla.; W. A. G. Smith (colored), fire
man of Jacksonville, Fla., and one un
known colored man, who took the place
of Murray Nobles just before the ship
sailed. Besides these William Higgins of
Connecticut is dead, having been drowned
in the surf while landing.
Captain Murphy says that Ritter and
the two colored men were on board the
vessel when she went down and were
drowned. The other men were on a raft,
and the cruiser Newark and steamer
Three Friends, hs well as a fleet of small
boats from tne Halifax River, are now
hunting for them. The Newark went to
the scene Sunday night and used her
powerful searciilight, but to no effect. It
is now believe l the men are all drowned.
Captain Murphy's story of the sinking of
the Commodore is as follows:
At midnight Friday the engineer re
ported that the vessel was leaking badly
and the water was rapidly rising in the
ho!d. The pumps could not be made to
work, for they were choted and the s-uc
tion was gone. The men were put to
work with buckets bailing, and wood, oil
and alcohol was pat in the furnace to
keep up steam aud get the vessel to the
shore if possible. The water eained in
spite of the efforts of the men, and before
the vessel ran three miles the lires were
extinguished.
Anchor was then dropped and the boats
iauncheri. In the first were Major Del
■rado, Paul Rojo, Felix de Los Rios,
Emilia Marquis. Ventuna Linares, Romeo
Hernandez, J. Franco 31anco, Jose Her
nandez, T. B. Benier, Leno Soldno, <i:i
briel Martinez and Santiago Diaz. In the
second boat were: Juho Rodriguez Boz,
Manuel Gonzales, Louis Sierra Meaios
and Jesus Alvarez. The first left imme
diately, but the other stood by to render
assistance if needed.
Later another boat was launched and
Mate Grain and seven men entered it.
This was stove in before they got nway
from tlie ship. The men climbed back on
board and built a raft. All pot on it and
the raft was taken in tow by the dingy,
in which were Captain Murphy, Step: en
(rune, C. B. Montgomery and William
Higsins. The heavy sea caused the raft
to break loose twice, and the last time it
was carried out to sea.
The captain and companions landed
Sunday morning, Del-ado and party
landed Sunday nieht and Julio Boz and
party landed Sunday night. Nothing has
been seen of the raft since it drifted out
of sight of Captain Murphy. When asked
if there was treachery on board Captain
Murphy said to-tight: "No, Ido not
think so. It was neglect more than any
thing else."
C. B. Monteomery, the steward, still in
sists that there was treachery, but he can
not definitely place it on any one.
Paul Rojo, tlio Cuban commander, said
co-night: "I think the eDginepr was
drunk and neglected his duties. When I
went below I found the pumps would not
heave water and that the injectors which
»re used to inject kero-ene in the fire in
sase of emergency when steam is needed
were not put on. 1 asked him why. He
rmtdittd that he iiAd ordered them put on,
adding that he would nave them put on
immediately. I went above and returned
in iive minutes. They were not then on.
He had made no effort to put them on."
WHAT VOSSI-I1 UTtSa PIttACT.
Eminent Lnwyra l»i»cu»* the Case of
th* Thru* .Frfenrf*.
WASHINGTON. D. C, Jan. 4. — Al
though there has been no determination
to that effect the possibility of the Gov
ernment prosecuting the Three Friends on
a charge of piracy has been discussed and
men learned in the law have been quietly
looking up the matter.
Senator Davis of Minnesota, one of the
best authorities in the Senate on inter
national law, says the question is quite
plafn and that no principle is more plain
than that for prosecution for piracy the
vessel must be manned and equipped for
robbery on the high seas.
Whatever might have been tbe mission
of the Three Friends, no man, he says,
will contend that this was the case. The
fact that she when cornered may have
tired at the Spanish gunboats does not
make her a pirate either undsr inter
national laws or the rulings of our own
courts.
Senator White of California took similar
grounds. Mr. White stoutly defended the
Itata, similarly charged at the time of the
Chilean troubles, and he cites as abundant
authority the declaration in Mr. Cleve
land's message of December 8, 1885, with
relation to the alleged Colombian pirates.
The President at that time declined to
consider such expeditious as piratical.
The Colombian Government, in order
to break diwn its own insurgents, pro
claimed the closure of certain ports and
declared tiie vessels held by the insurgents
to be piratical. The United States de
clined to assent to this doctrine, and the
President set forth the declaration in the
message. Senator White held tliatin view
of Mr. Cleveland's message and the deci
sion of the courts the charge of piracy
against the Three Friends could not be
maintained.
WHERE WA.S 31 R. JItOXET?
Stories Concerning tlit Movements of the
Congrr**innn in Cuba.
HAVANA. Cuba, Jan. 4.— La Lucha to
day refeis to tue rumors that are afloat
regarding the disappearance of Mr. Money.
Speaking of the report that he lias gone
Eng the disappearance Mr. Money,
king of the report that he has gone
tha insurgent leaders the paper
says it does not believe he would commit
such a misdemeanor and place himself
outside the pale of the law. Such an act
I would be unpardonable in a person whose
duty is to know and respect the laws of
the country he visits. If it is a serious
offense lor other Americans to visit the in
surgent camp it is still worse for one to do
so who represents his country in its Par
liament.
iwho Money returned to Havana Par-
Hr. Money returned to Havana this
evening. All efforts <o learn from him
where he h.id been were fruitless, he de
clining to say anything that would tend to
disclose his whereabouts ?ince he disap
peared. The general opinion is tl at he
had been within the rebel lines to seek the
information he desired, but there is no
way of proving tnis belief.
Consul-General Lee is authority for the
statement that Mr. Money lias no connec
tion with the Cuban Junta in New York.
This statement is made in view of the fact
that a report has been circulated that Mr.
Money is an agent of the Junta or has
some connection with that body. General
Lee adds that Mr. Money made tbe trip to
Cuba for pleasure and to obtain informa
tion within lawful limits of (he condition
of the country in order to enable him to
speak with authority.
Last Saturday Lee says he was invited
to visit the town of San Jose de Las Lajas,
some fifteen miles southeast of Havana,
in order to see the country. He ' went
there that day and remained until to-day.
He remained in the town during nis en
tire stay and saw no rebels.
The Maiquis de Palmerola, secretary to
the Governor-Genera 1 , the civil' Governor
of the province of Havana. Chief of Police
Barriera and Inspector of Police Perrez,
made a visit yesterday to the town of
Guanabacoa, a suburb of Havana, which
place was recently attacked by rebels.
The object of their visit was to inspect
the town and the new fortiticatious in
course of construction there. They were
received- by the members of the Town
Council, who escorted tnem on their tour
of inspection. The party subsequently
visited tha hospital of the Sisters of Char
ity and expressed them-elves as highly
pleased with the condition maintained
there.
General Luque reports from Cienfneeos
that his command met 1500 rebels at Mar
roquin, province of Sania Clara, and after
a long tigUt compelled them to retreat.
No mention is made of the losses on either
side.
Four hundred rebel cavalrymen, com
manded by Mnximo Gomez, the insurgent
commander-in-chief, made attacks at
Santa Teresa ani other places upon a
Government convoy.
The Spanish forces comprised artillery,
and the charges of the rebe!3 were met
with volleys of grape-shot, which caused
havoc in their rank?. It is calculated that
100 of the insurgents were killed. The
Spanish losses are said to have been only
a captain and a private killed and thirteen
wounded. The convoy has arrived at
Arroyo Blanco.
Colonel Asina reports that he has dis
persed several rebel parties at Brugitos,
province of Pinar del Rio. Nine insur
gents were killed. The troops destroyed
over 100 houses and a number of planta
tions. They also captured 205 persons
who were living in the fields.
It is said that General Gonzalez Munoz
has been appointed chief of staff under
General Weyler.
LOrELA.CE'!> &TOHY JUSCR EDITED
All Advice* of the t nban Junta Point to
Mne+o'* Dentil.
BUFFALO, N. V., Jan. 4.— Dr. de Yayas,
secretary of the Cuban Junta of New York,
who addressed a Cuban mass-meetini: held
here lait night, does not place much cre
dence in the story of Thomas Lovelace telt
grnplied from Kansas Cny tins morning to
the effect that General Maceo is still alive.
"Maceo is dead," he said, "All our ad
vices lead us to that belief. He wan lured
into ambush and assassinated."
On the subject of tho Madrid report that
General Gomez was about to treat for a
compromise Dr. de Yayas said: "There
has of late been a good deal of talk of com
promise. On that point I would like to
say this: All propositions of compromise
are out of the qut'siion, Cub;i is fighting
for absolute and unconditional inde
pendence. It is 'liberty or extermina
tion.' "
DELGAIiO'ti SAO PLIGHT.
mil 7>i« Unlearn a Huraical Operation Im
f' rfor'H*a.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 4._ The
State Department v.as informed to-day
by friends of Correspondent Henry Del
gado, now a prisoner near Havana, that
they had private ad vires that he would
die unless a surgical operation was per
formed. Tuey expressed a desire to pay
the expense of such an operation and
asked that Consul-General Lee be asked
to attend to the matter and draw on the
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JANUARY 5, 1897.
RAPID RUN OF "THE CALL'S" SPECIAL TRAIN
At Times a Speed of Seventy Miles an Hour Was
Attained in the Successful Effort to Deliver
Copies of the Live Newspaper at the
Capital Over Five Hours Ahead
of Competitors.
Ninety-five miles in almost as many minutes was tbe record for fast railroading established yesterday morning by
The Call's special train during the run from the Oakland Mole to Sacramento.
It was just 4:13 o'clock when the last of the many bundles of copies of The Morning Call wan transferred from the
tug Millie to the train at Long Wharf. An instant later Conductor J. L. Whissen gave the signal and engine 1409 with
"Kid" Small at the throttle was darting rapidly forward.
•'We are going to make a lively trip, very lively," said the genial conductor as the rounding of a curve seated him
rather precipitously. "Kid Small is one of the famous engineers of the road, p.nd if he don't break all records this
morning it will not be his fault."
Port Costa was reached at 4:45 o'clock. The bie ferry-steamer Solano was in waiting, and before the wheels of the
cars had ceased to revolve after running aboard the steamer was conveying the train across the waters of the San Pablo Bay.
No time was lost in leaving Benicia, and from thence on, the tract beinc without any extensive curves, Engineer
Small gradually increased the speed until the half dozen passengers aboard the train held their breath in suspense, won
dering what would occur next. After leaving Benicia, the first seven miles were covered in seven minutes, the last two miles
being at the rate of over sixty-five miles an hour. Still faster sped the train, and the rate of speed had been increased to
at least seventy miles an hour when suddenly there was a shrill whistle, and a few moments later the train came to a
standstill at Elraira. Going forward to ascertain the cause of the delay, the conductor was informed that there was a hot
box on the epgine. This matter was remedied easily, but it caused a loss of time of tive minutes.
Being determined to overcome all obstacles and make up for the brief loss of time, the daring engineer was soon
Scene on the Oakland Long "Wharf at 4:10 O' clock Yesterday Morning. Unloading- the Bundles
"The Call" From the Tug and Placing; Them Aboard the Special for Sacramento.
going at the rate of over a mile a minute. One can form a very good idea of the rapidity with which the train moved
when it is stated that it only required seven minutes and thirty-six seconds to reach Dixon, a distance of nine miles. So
far the performance of the train may well be considered remarkable, because the run was made in the inky blackness of
the night, which is considered quite a handicap by railroad men when efforts are being made to run at the utmost speed.
However, Davisville was reached at 9 minutes to H o'clock. Thence to Sacramento is a distance of thirteen miles, but the
track is straight and the roadbed solid. These assuring circun. stances gave "Kid" Small renewed courage, and so greatly
did he increase the speed :hat the Sacramento River was crossed at 2 minutes alter (> o'c'ock. Thus it will tie seen *hat the
last thirteen miles of the run were made in just eleven minute?. From the figures eiven it will be noted that the gross
time occupied in the run from the bay to the State capital was just one hour and forty-nine minutes. Deducting five min
utes for the delay at Elmira the actual time consumed in the journey was one hour and forty-four minutes.
The record for fast time between San Francisco and Sacramento is one hour and thirty-six minutes, but this per
formance was accomplished in daylight. Within five minute? after reaching the Sacramento depot the bundles of Calls
were distributed to agents and carriers, and so before half of the good people of Sacramento had been aroused from their
plumbers The Morsino Call was upon the breakfast-table. In addition to the copies distributed in the manner stated,
Chief Mailing Clerk George Boyne of Tns Call and Will F. Morton, Thomas Shelton and J. Coyle, hi 3 assistants, freely
circulated copies of the paper to every ODe in the business center of the city.
By this means the residents of Sacramento were enabled to receive copies of The Call and read a complete forecast
of the business to be transacted at the opening session of the Legislature mora than five hours before other San Francisco
newspapers arrived.
When the copies of The Call were distributed at the Golden Eagle Hotel there was a small knot of politicians and
office-seekers already assembled in the lobby and on the sidewalk. These men freely commented on the enterprise of The
San Francisco Morning Call in furnishing the news of the day more than rive hours ahead of competitors.
"What's the matter with The Call?" asked one young man from the Sierras.
"The Call is all right," replied a well-known law-maker from the southern citrus belt.
"There are no fliej on The San Francisco Call," was the chorus of a crowd of small newsboys, who had sold all
their papers and were in quest of more. And the httlo follows knew just what th?y were talking about.
The track was rather heavy for the other San Francisco morning papers, but The Call sent out its rapid special to
show the people of the State that the enterprising metropolitan journal continues to speak and speed for all.
newspaper which employed Delgado for
repayment. It is stated that the depart
ment could not undertake to interfere in
the matter, and Delgado's friends were
advised toopen direct telegraph coramuni
nication with Gonsnl-Geiieral Lee regard
ing the matter.
AOT SUIXG FOR PEACE.
the Cuban Junta Jiepiidittt** Jtumort
From Upanith Sources.
MADRID, Spain, Jan ; 4.— A dispatch
from Havana says it is expected that
Maximo Gomez and other insurgent lead
ers will «oon make overtures to the Spanish
military authorities in Cuba with a view
of securing favorable te^ms of surrender.
NEW YORK, N. V., Jan. 4.— The Cuban
Junta here discredits the story sent from
Madrid that Gomez wishes to sue for peace.
Tney say that Gomez is stronger than
ever, and will lastas long as the Spaniards.
They feel greatly encouraged by the dip
patch, because it indicates Spanish weak
ness in having to send out misleading
reports about (he Cuban nrruy. The Junta
people assert that they have very late news
from Gomez and that be is as determined
to carry on the war there as ever.
FROM THIS SKAT OF WAR.
lUclquizo'a .Fore** ';l*«»trofiiuff^} Cuban
Hut* and I Shooting l'ri*onera. ".':■'•'
HAVANA. Cuba, Jan. 4— Several de
tachments of Colonel Melquizo'a column,
while reconnoiterins at Montes, Cazaiso
and otber places, have destroyed over 400
huts of all kinds and demolished all of the
forage and other resources of the enemy
south ot Lejas and Pilato Hills. The de
tachment also mrprised a rebel camp oc
cupied by a small party of insurgents,
three of whom were killed. The troops
suffered no losses.
Francisco Padron was shot in the Cabana
fortress at sunrise this morning for the
crime of rebellion.
The correspondents of the Madrid news
papers, the Imparcial, Heral io and Cor
respondencia, now in Havana hive re
ceived orders from their respective offices
to procc'ed to the island of Porto Rico at
the beeinning of the month of March and
there await instructions.
THE v iLij'vi* e n etojct.
Making : Such .JOradwny . That Spain Is
I'raetieall}/ J'nwerln*.
NEW YORK, Iff. V., Jan. 4.-A Herald
special from Washington says: The prov
ince of Cavite is now the principal strong
hold of the rebels, and • the mail reports
which have reached here show that they
are strongly intrenched in the village of
lmus, which is nearly impregnable. The
province of Cavue contains about SOO.OCO
souls, and nineteen out of twenty-two
villages are held by the rebels. Cubans
in lira city, who cave b«en closely watch
ing the Philippine trouble, say that Spain
will not be ab:e 10 put down the rebellion
in the east without the most extensive ex
penditure, supplied with the latest imple
ments of warfare.
The report that the Japanese are secretly
supplying the insurgents with arms and
ammunition is pronounced by the Japa
nese legation in Washington to be with
out foundation in fact. In the first place,
no firearms are manufactured in Japan
except by end for the Government itseif,
which is certainly not supplying any of
its output for the purposes mentioned.
No tn<llic in firearms is being carried on
by individuals for the use of the people of
the Philippines.
The presence of a Japanese warship in
the vicinity of the Philippines is of no
significance. The ship that is now re
ported to be in those waters is an old
wooden steam frigate, inadequately armed,
which has been used as a training-ship
for many years and is at present on a
practice cruise.
The Mikado is particularly desirous o!
establishing friendly relations with the
Spanish Government, and Mr. Kurino,
formerly Minister to the United Stales, is
now in Madrid endeavoring to negotiate a
treaty of amity, commerce and navigation
similar to those already ratified by the
United States and the European powers,
except .Spain and Portugal, and several
South American countries. He reports,
however, that his mission is meeting with
little surcets, and his presence at the
Spanish court is regarded as a blind to the
real attitude and intentions of Ihe Japa
nese, who are understood by the Spanish
to be playing the cards for the acquisition
of the port of Lacon.
While the disposition of the Japanese
is unqualifiedly to preserve neutrality
aud amicable relations, it is stated that in
case of continued outrages or. the part of
the Spanish or in the event of increased
anarchy in the Philippines, or a call on
them for aid from the insurgents of the
islands, the Mikado is not likely. to exer
cise the forberarance that the United
States is now preserving in the Cuban
difficulty. Arms and men might be fur
nished openly, and should the struggle
develop unfavorably to Spain and the
partition of the Philippine colonies be
imminent, the Japanese would doubtless
be on the lookout for their share. For the
present, however, every effort will be
made to preserve neutrality and to pre
vent aid being given against Spain, either
directly or indirectly, by Japanese sub
jects.
Another Improbable Slory.
BERLIN, Germany. Jan. 4.— The Tage
blatt asserts that France and Russia nave
agreed to intervene at Washington to pre
vent a breach between the United States
and Spain.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 4.—Offi
cials here discredit ihn story sent from
Berlin that France and Russia will inter
vene to prevent war between Spain and
the United States. They say Berlin is a
queer place to sex, correct news from as to
what France and Russia intend to do.
Convinced That Macro TAven.
KANSAS CITY, Mo., Jan. 4.— Thomas
Lovelace, second lieutenant of the Texas
Soledad, which was wrecked last October,
is spending a few days here with nis
mother. Lovelace spent three days at
Havana, and has just returned from
Cuba. He says that he is convinced that
Maceo is not dead, but is recovering from
his wounds. He says that within three
days in Havana he saw sixty-eight insur
gents shot down.
FOR A PLACE IN THE CABINET.
California's Congressional Delegation Has
Another Conference — Judge McKenna
May Be Selected.
WASHINGTON, D. C. Jan. 4.— The Re
publican members of the California dele-
gation in Congress met this morning in
the committee-rooms of Representative
Loud, at the request of Senator Perkins.
These statesmen again discussed the de
sirability of uniting in a memorial to
President-elect McKiniey asking that
Horace Davis of San Francisco be ap
pointed a member of the Cabinet. This
meeting, like former ones, was secret.
Newspaper representatives were exclud
ed on motion of Grove Johnson, where
upon Representative Loud said he must
refuse to take part in the caucus. He said
lie believed it wise to admit newspaper
correspondents so that they might obtain
accurate reports of the meeting, rather
than have to depend upon hearsay testi
mony of the representatives. He said
that it has been demonstrated in the past
that it was far better to admit press men
than have inaccurate reports telegraphed.
Mr. Loud, therefore, positively refused to
participate in the meeting.
At the conclusion of the conference the
following statement was made Dy the
chairman. Senator Perkins:
"The rlelttratlor. met and after a confer
ence came to the conclusion that they saw
no reason to recede from their former posi
tion, but out of deference to the views of
prominent Republicans of California with
whom they are at present in communica
tion they concluded to take no further
action ai the present time."
The Californians wrangled for an honr
or more before they decided not to recede
from their recomnienilation of Horace
DnvK All of those present, however,
including Senator Perkins and Repre
sentatives Johnson, • Hilborn, Bowers,
Barham and McLachlan, finally decided
to stand pat on Davis.
The memorial will not, however, be
sent to Major AicKinley immediately,
but, "in deference to the views of promi
nent California Republicans," will be held
up for the time being.
This means that Judge Waymire's
friends are making a bie racket, and for
prudential reasons it is deemed besl by
the statesmen not to take any real action
in the mntter until the Legislature has
elected a United States Senator.
It matters very little, however, what the
Californians may recommend. The Call
correspondent at a late hour to-night
secured what is believed to be a positive
assurance that President-elect McKiniey
will ask United States Circuit Judge Mc-
Kenna to become a member of his Cabi
net. He will probably offer bim the
Attorney-Generalship.
This news was wired exclusively to The
Call ten days ago, and recent develop
ments have confirmed its correctness.
Indeed, it was agreed in the conference
of the Californians tc-day that if any
Californian was honored with a Cabinet
position that man would be McKenna.
This seemed to be satisfactory nil around
the table, although they s;tibbornly re
fused to back down from their former
recommendation of Davis. One of the
members said:
"We felt chagrined that our former dis
interested action in meeting to recom
menrl a Cabinet officer for California
should have been criticized by Republi
cans, but we will stand by our recom
mendation of Mr. Davis."
It is now the unanimous opinion of
Californians here that Judge McKer.na
will be offered the Attorney-Generalship,
and he will accept it with the under
standing that he will be appointed
to the United States Supreme
bench to succeed Justice Field if
there should be a vacancy on that bench
during President McKinley's administra
tion. Justice Field is very feeble. A
Califominn who visited him on Saturday
said to The Call correspondent to-day
that he would not be surprised at any
time to hear of his life being snuffed out
like a candle.
SUICIDE OF A BANK CASHIER.
Deliberately Drowns Himself After a Short-
age of $60,000 /s Discovered in
His Accounts.
BALTIMORE, Ma, Jan. 4.— Richard D.
Cornelius, one of the oldest and best
known bank cashiers of this city, com
mitted suicide to-day.
His body was found in the duck rtond in
Druid Hiil Park iust a few hours after the
shortage of $60,000 had been discovered la
his accounts at the National Farmers' and
Plnnters' Bank.
Last Saturday Bank Examiner Marshall
Winchester drew the attention of the
officers of the bank to some irregularities
in the accounts of an out-bf-town institu
tion.
This morning Mr. Cornelius was asked
to explain the irregularities. He did not
attempt to do so, but abruptly walKed off.
A closer examination of his accounts dis
closed an apparent shortage of $60,000.
When the officers of the bank learned
that the cashier bad left the building they
telephoned to Smith. Weston and Lyon,
the detectives, to hunt him up. Mr.
Weston traced the defaulter to Druid Hiil
Park and thence to the duck pond. There
they found his body floating In three feet
of water. The man had evidently held
himself to the bottom of the pond by the
weeds that grew there.
Cornelius was about 58 years of age and
had been connected with the National
Farmers' and Planters' Bank for over
forty-two years. ' He was a close friend of
the late Enoch Pratt, who wa3 president
of the bank for almost iilty years.
The matter caused more excitement in
the banking district than any other event
in years. For many years Mr. Cornelius
had been very prominent in Methodism,
and at the time of his death was
a local preacher of the Balti
more Conference, president of the
City Missionary and Church Extension
Society, president of the Emery Grove
Association, ono of the trustees of the
Baltimore annual conference, and :i mem
ber of the official board of Madison
Church. He attended divine worship
twice yesterday.
The National Farmers' and Planters'
Bank is one of the oldest and one of the
strongest in the city.
ETHTOR JUeCUI.h • OU'S ESTATE.
Owned HVirl/ilcn Mininrr Stortt H ith a
fac* Valu* of $1,000,000.
ST. LOUIS, Mo, Jan. 4.— Public Ad
ministrator Richardson and a few legal
heirs of the late J. B. McCullash made a
partial inventory of the effects of the de
ceased to-day. In a safety deposit box
$3000 in money and mining stock of the
face value of $1,000,000 was found. This
stock is worth but $00. The tnirty shares
of Globe-Democrat stock, worth $(>O.OOO.
were not found. His desk in his office in
the Globe- Democrat building is full of per
sonal papers, and there the Adminutrator
hopes to find a clew to the securities and
money he was believed to hold when he
died. By agreement of the Administra;or
and heirs, there will be no public sale of
the property found. Mr.' McCuuagh was
one of nine brothers, most of whose fami
lies live in Ireland, and if no will is found
tney will share in the property.
Japan**e tiot .Jssisting the Hebnlt.
MADRID, Spain, Jan. 4.— The state
ment recently made by the newspaper El
Pai.su that the Japanese are assisting the
rebefs in the Philippine Islands with men
and munitions of war is offioinllv denied.
The Doctor's
Examination!
40r»2 ij i » JUga
\A m I £ ;■
7**^ fig/*^_"^^**JBty Bit
WHY DO YOU BELIEVE YOU SUF-
fer from liver complaint ?
Tbe doctor told me so.
How long have you been sick ?
Eight months, doctor.
Do you have a sense of fullness in the
region of the liver ?
Yes, doctor.
When did you first notice the yellow
condition of tbe skin ?
Three months a^o, doctor.
Have you beadache3 and bad taste in
the mouth mornings ?
Yes, doctor.
Doyoufeel uncomfortable after eating?
Yes, doctor.
Have you pains or soreness in the region
of the liver?
Soreness, doctor.
Have you lost flesh rapidly ?
«J t Yes. doctor.
Any swelling of feet or face ?
•■-,.* :.\ No, doctor.
Certainly, you are suffering from an af-
fection of the liver. It is in an abnormal
condition. It is inactive. The secretions
from the liver aid in digeslinc fats. The
Hver is now clogged up. It needs a veg-
etable stimulant. I will write for you a
prescription. If you use as L direct you
will come out all right. Don't use any-
thing else:
- : For Mr :
: R. :
: : JOY'S VEGETABLE ■
; , SARSAPARILLA :
: (one bottle) I
' : M. BUf. :
: Two teaspoonfuls three (3) times a :
: day. When bowels are regular take :
: one teaspoonfu!. :
Don't let the druggist talk you into
buying anything in place of our Home
Remedy — Joy's Vegetable Sarsaparilla.
DR. COOK CURES
■ zata^ Nervousness,
/msffl&^*^\ Night Emissions*
tan%¥l ' \ Impotency,
fMfjrf jdJSferti^V Lost Manhood,
HRKfj} j*-f\\ Gonorrhoea,
j^Mssl^?\2 Stricture,
DOCTOR COOK is also an export
on Female Complaints, Piles, Rupture,
Rheumatism. Catarrh, Blood and Skin
Diseases and all Functional Diseases of the
Heart, Lungs, Liver, Stomach, Kidneys,
Bladder and Urinary' Organs.
Electricity given in conjunctiou
with medicines when deemed advisable.
.Tlsiil Treatment always satisfac-
tory— therefore write if you cannot call.
FREE BOOK on men's diseases to all de-
scribing their troubles. Otfice hours: 9to
12 a. m. and 2 to 5 and 7 to 8 p. m. ; Sundays
10 to 12 a. m. only. Address
DOCTOR rnnir 865 Marketst.,
UXJKjJLUIi KjWA. San Francisco, ti:.
Don't let your grocer, talk you
into taking a substitute for Old
Grist Mill Wheat Coffee. It is
the original and ONLY perfect
HEALTH COFFEE.
In 1-lb — never in bulk.
Get the right brand.
POTTER & WRIGHTINOTON,
Boston, Mass.
j^TANDARD
C^i||^ / ''' I '\ Offers to the public
. ' TWfai^lL tlae services of the
>^^?s2»^J^§\ roost expert opticians
tfC^Jjßj^^) 1 on the Pacific Coast
' K^" —^^^C^ and th . c be st equipped
l^aft^^^a^^^W establishment west ol
H^^Svß A - noriTman,
WXJS^^W I. NORDMAN,
217 Kearny St.,
" san Francisco.
34
THREE ST. PAUL
BANKS SUSPEND
Solvent Concerns, but Com
pelled to Give Way
to a Panic.
V ' Depositors Swoop Down on the
Institutions Like a Herd
of Wolves.
'': The Tronbie Precipitated by the Fail
ure of the Ftur Banks in
M nner po is
ST. PAUL, Minn., Jan. 4.— The Ger
mania, the Allemania and West Side
banks, all doing business as State banks,
to-day closed their doors. The iailure of
the Bank of Minnesota December 23
caused unrest in the community and de
, • positors withdrew their money from these
three banks to such an extent that they
were forced to the wall because they had
not fuuds enough immediately in band to
• • meet the demands made upon them.
Each ot the three is solvent and in time
■ will reorganize as soon as the money lor
the purpose can be got into use. The di
rectors of the Germania met this evening
for that purpose. The Germania is in the
• . hands of P. M. Kerst as assignee and the
other two are in the hands of Bank Ex
aminer Kenyon. A receiver will be ap
pointed for the Allemania to-morrow and
the West Side Bank will try to make ar
rangements witti its creditors and reopen
without the intervention of a receiver.
The last official statement of the Ger
mania showed total resources of $1,625,768,
$253,847 of this being in the building and
$975,420 in loans and discounts. Liabili
.• ties $1,625,768. including $400,000 capital
stock and $633,019 in time certificates of
deposit. Deposits subject to check,
$445,191.
Ihe closing of the Germania was in
pursuance of the action of the directors on
Saturday night, who concluded to protect
their depositors by suspending. President
Vvillius prepared a statement, in which he
said:
Just as soon as the result of the Presidential
election became known matters began to im
prove in a remarkable degree, aud there did i
not seem to be any doubt that on May 1 tho
bank would bo so sound and impregnable that
an assessment could be successfully made on
the stock. This was the situation until De
cember 22, when the suspension of the Bank
of Minnesota occurred, lollowins immediately
' ■ • upon the failure of the Bank of Illinois, which
came as unexpectedly as a stroke of lightning
in midwinter. Four Minneapolis banks fail-
Ing increased the panicky feeling, but I did
not fear any disastrous outcome until it be
came apparent that certain evil-disposed per
sons maliciously directed their attention to
.ward the Gerraania Bank, circulating false
and manufactured reports regarding it from
one end of the city to the other with sys
tematic persistency.
1 hoped from day to day that the excite
ment would subside and make room lor better
judgment, but it grew iv intensity. The at
tack oecaine bolder every day. After the close
of business on Saturday, the 2d of January, we
found that the withdrawal oi deposits had
assumed such proportions that we did not feel
justified in receiving deposits or paying out
money without submitting the condition of
affairs to the dhectors. Accordingly we called
a meeting of the board for that purpose. We
had paid off nearly #225,000 deposits in nine
business day?, and kept ou hand and in re
serve Something over $100,000 in cash, which
shows the unreasonableness oi the panic.
The directors, after having weighed the
matter in all its bearings, came unanimously
to the conclusion that the nction of the officers
had been correct, iind that however deplorable
it might be, it became their duty for the pro
. tection of all depositors aud other creditors to
close the doors and to place the assets oi the
bank in charge of an assignee.
The Allemania closed a few minutes be
fore 11 o'clock, with a crowd of depositors
clamoring at the paying-teller's window
fur their money. President Scheffer said:
Our suspension is due to the large number
of withdrawals this morning and the fact that
most new depositors witnheld their deposits.
The news of tne suspension cf our neighbor,
the Germania, precipitated the run here, and
of course With all the deposits being withheld
and the fact that there was a steady with
drawal we could not stem the tide. When the
full force of the Germouia's failure burst on
them they seemed to become panic-stricken
and they came down on us like a wolf on the
foid.
When the Bank of Minnesota failed the
business men fortunately were not much dis
turbed and few were caught. The feeling of
ease returned shortly aud might have con
tinued had it not been for the fallare of the
fonr banks in Minneapolis. Then the panicky
feeling came back and was intensified by the
fact that the business men then caught it very
badly. The feeling very naturally spread over
here and the people nave not been easy since.
When the Germania closed its doors this morn,
ing that was the last straw in the case and
they came down on us like a herd of woives.
The total resources of the Allemania, ac
cording to the last report, were $1,061,009,
including $706,842 of loans and discounts,
Liabilities $1,061,009, including capital
stock of $400,000 and deposits of $329,789.
Speaking of the failure of the West Side
Bank President Staples said:
Our suspension was due to the Allemania.
We did all of our clearing through the Alle
mania and this morning they failed to cover
our clearings and sent them all back on us.
In the meantime the news of the suspension
of the Germania and Allemania spread
through West St. Paul and our depositors be
gau scrambling in and demanding their
money. We could not refuse and in a little
while there was a good-sized run on the bank.
We were obliged to close up to save ourselves.
The official statement of the West Side
Bank made to the State Bank Examiner
on December 17 is as follows: Total assets,
$217,014 17; of this $150,000 was in loans
and dUconnts and $23,000 in real estate.
The total deposits were $113,546. The fur
niture and fixtures represented $2200 and
bills rediscounted $1500.
There was a considerable run on the
three savings banks during the afternoon,
but aJI gave depositors notice that they
must give sixty days' notice before with
drawing funds. All are perfectly solvent
and the action of the depositors was
wholly due to the generally panicky feel
ing.
".IWAITIAG IHE COMPTJtOIihJEH."
Notice Fonttd by a Suspended Horth
Hakota Hank.
DEVILS LAKE, N. D., Jan. 4.— The
Merchants' National .Bank did not open
its doors this morning. The notice posted
was, "Bank closed; awaiting the action of
th» Comptroller."
A numb?r of depositors drew their
money Saturday. A county deposit of
$4500 was in the bank and was called for to
day, when the new Treasurer took charge.
This, together with the prospect of a gen
eral run and the non-arrival of a train,
owing to the blizzard, with additional
currency, probably caused the decision of
Cashier Wemple not to open the doors.
The last statement showed deposits of
$47,000; bills payable, $7500. and discounts,
stocks and securities, sss,ooo; cash, $12,500.
A PRINCE OF SWINDLERS.
Wanted in Many Cities of This Country
for Either Forgery, Embezzle
ment or Bigamy.
CHICAGO, 111., Jan. 4.— "Count" Gins;
lemo J. do Juster, alias Dr, Juster, alias
Dr. Frank S. Rhodes, said to be a Rouma
nian of excellent family, and who pro
fesses to be 3tu(lyine dentistry in America,
was arrested in this city to-dcy.
He is said to be wanted for several
offenses in Buffalo, N. V.. New York City,
Brooklyn, Boston, Leadville, Colo., and
Denver. Wife abandonment, embez
zlement, forgery, swindling, big
amy and obtaining money under
false pretense are some of the specific
charges for which he is wanted in various
parts of the country, and it is believed
that he has obtained in all about $100,
--000 by his alleged illegal methods since
he came to America three years ago.
The prisoner is a young man dressed in
the height of fashiou, and lias stopped at
the best hotels in all the cities he has vis
ited. In Chicago he has lived at the
Auditorium Annex and the Lexington,
aud posed as a man of means.
He claims to be a member of a noble
Roumanian family, and came here three
years ago to study dentistry. He came to
Philadelphia first, where he is saia to
have attended the medical school of the
university, and afterward entered the
Harvard dental school.
It is alleged he fled from Boston after
he had been detected in a number of
swindling scnemes. He then went to
Brooklyn, where he married the daughter
of a prominent jeweler of that city.
Soon afterward, it is said, he went to
Buffalo and there, after cultivating an ac
quaintance, obtained money to the ex
tent of $1500 by fraud. He again returned
to his wife in Brooklyn and lived in style.
He was in tronble there a number of
times, and it is alleged his wife paid out
nearly $2000 to keep him out of jail. Ho
deserted his wife August 21 of last year
and went West.
Leadville was his first stoppins-place,
and ho is charged with swindling a citi
zen of that place out of a house and lot.
He is also wanted there on several charges
of forgery.
Going from there to Denver he con
tinued bis fraudulent methods. White
there he assumed the name of Frank S.
Rhodes and posed as a gentleman of great
wealth. He fled from that city and came
to Chicago.
Boon after his departure Chief of Police
Russell of Denver learned of the numerous
swindles he had perpetrated, nnd sent his
de-cription to the police of this city.
Here, while in dire distress after having
been ejected from two prominent Hotels
for non-payment of bills, he met Belle
Cults* who the police say is an ad
venturess, and a marriage with her soon
followed.
He owed a number of liverymen, and
warrants had been sworn out lor his arrest.
He pawned his wife's jewelry and seal
skins to pay his annoying debts.
He then concealed himself in a house
on Wabash avenue to escape the police,
and borrowed considerable money from
his landlady, promising to return it to
her when he got his remittance from the
old country.
After his arrest he did not deny his
identity and was locked up. The Brook
lyn authorities were immediately
notified of the capture and n tele
gram was received from P. H. Corr
of the Corr Detective Agency of
that city requesting the Chicago police to
hold the prisoner until extradition papers
can be secured. He will bi turned pver to
the Brooklyn authorities as soon as an
officer arrives, and will be prosecuted
there, it is caid, on the charge of wife
abandonment.
THE REVENUE-CUTTER SERVICE.
Secretary Carlisle Warmly Praises Us Effi
ciency and Shows Its Value to
the Government
NEW YORK, N. Y./Jan. 4.— A Tribune
special from Washington says:
Secretary Carlisle has written some com
plimentary criticism of the revenue-cutter
serv cc. In a report on the subject the
Secretary says, among other things, that
the general and varied work of the service
abundantly commends its value and effi
ciency as a branch of the Government.
There has not been a similar period in the
history of the service, he states, when,
witb old and badly appointed vessels an 1
depleted personnel, its resources have
been po severely taxed as they were dur
ing the year just closed. Yet, with the
numerous calls made upon the service, it
has ably performed important work in
trusted to it, and an incomparable record
of service rendered is presented. The re
port says:
An active patrol of the coast line, rivers and
harbors of the United Stales, especially on tlie
sea, gulf and great lakes, has been maintained,
and in the performance of this work the ves
sels of the service htsvo cruised an aggregate of
307,133 iißutic-'l miles arid boarded and exam
ined 20,250 vessels of the merchantman ma
rine, of which number 645 were reported to
the proper authorities for violation of the
United .States customs and navigation laws,
incurring penalties in the Bum of $210,941.
During the year 67 vessels, with 694 persons
onboard in actual distress were assisted, the
value of the vessels and their cargoes amount
ing to $1,011,807.
Referring to the Bering Sea fleet Secre
tary Carlisle says :
The able captains and other officers and the
faithful crews ot the service, under the skillful
direction of theotticers in command, met every
emergency and are deserving of the highest
consideration and oraise. This fleet has
cruised over 100,000 nautical miles, boarded
and examined 116 different ypssels, of which
number 66 were engaged in fur-sealing.
The Secretary recommends the creation
of a retired list of commissioned officprs.
He also recommends that section 4457 of
the Revised Statutes (act of April 18. 1814)
be amended so as to read as foliows:
The enlisted men of the revenue cutter
service of the United Slates, who have been or
may be wounded or disabled while in the
a<:ual discharge of their duties, shall be en
'.itled to bo plc.ced upon a pension list under
the same regulations and restrictions as are
provided by law for en! isted men of the navy
Oil-MtH of l.o* Aiujrle*.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Jan. 4.— A party
of prominent Georgians arrived to-day
from Atlanta in a private car. It included
Governor and Mrs. A. J. Atkinson, Major
E. F. Ballon, private and military secre
tary to Governor Atkinson; Mrs. Ballou.
Dr. and Mrs. J. ti. i>. Holmes, Miss Louise
Hauley of the New Yortc Tribune staff,
and Captain O. J. Brown of the First
United Staies Cavalry, who has been de
tailed as inspector-general of the Georgia
National Guard. The party will remain
here for several days ami then go to San
Francisdo.
Petti hi ma l>nily Stiiprn I*.
PETALUMA, Cal., Jan. 4.— The Daily
Arjius, a.ter running two years, sus
pended publication to-day. Its proprie
tors, Messrs McNabb'amt Cassiday, will
continue the weekly edition.
Xapa &uperri*or* Organize.
NAPA, Cal., Jan. 4. — The Board of Su
pervisors met in adjourned session to-day,
and ilie newly elected board proceeded to
organize. C. M. Burcess was re-elected
chairman by unanimous vote.
liuridson IH*s at Phoenix.
PHCENIX, Ariz., Jan. 4 —J. J. David
son, Conpressman-elect, of Beaver Falls,
Pa., died from con3ninptlou in tufa city
yesterday. His body will be taken to
iiis fornur Lome.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JANUARY 5, 1897.
PETTYGREW CRIES
OUT AGAINST FRAUD
Speaks of the Injustice
of the Refunding
Scheme.
Branch Lines Enriched by Feed
ing From the Main
Railroads.
Systematic Robbery and a Dodging
of Debts Should Be Checked
at Onco.
CHICAGO, 111., Jan. I— An evening
paper prints the following from its Wash
ington staff correspondent: "The com
mittee is packed in the interest of the
people who control the Pacific roads, and
it is useless to hope for a favorable report
on my resolution."
I had asked Senator Pettigrew if he
thought the Senate Committee on Pacific
roads would make a favorable report on
his resolution to appropriate $10,000,000 to
take up the Union Pacific Railway Com
pany's six per cent trust notes. He
replied as quoted. Then he said:
"That is pretty strong language. I don't
think I ought to use it. Still, it b the
truth, and 1 shall say it on the floor of
the Senate if occasion requires. I don't
say that every member of the committee
is under the control of the road, but I do
lay that a majority of the committee is
'packed' and will not report legislation
adverse to the people controlling the
roads."
"Senator Morgan suggested that the
committee sit during the holiday recess.
Has it done so?"
"No," Senator Pettigrew replied, "Sen
ator Gear, the chairman, said that he
would have a meeting to consider the
resolution if he could get a quorum. But
he tells me that he was unable to cret a
quorum, so that tliere was no meeting."
''What are you going to do about it?"'
"Wait until the funding bill comes up
and I will move to add my resolution as
an amendment, unless I get it up in some
other way."
"Upon what contention do you base
your resolution?"
"On this: Suppose you owned a river
which received most of its water from
tributaries on either side along its course.
Suppose some one directs those tribu
taries to another river running in tho
same direction so that your only supply
is from the head of the river. It would
damage the value of your river very
much by lessening its navigable powers.
W»U, take the Union Pacific road. The
richest source of its revenue are from its
Dranch lines. Suppose the business of
those branch line-< should be given to a
rival line, parelleling the Union Pacific.
The latter would suffer greatly, would It
not?"
•'Well every one knows of the large
sums of money due the Government from
the Pacific roads. Every one knows, too,
that the time has come lor the Govern
ment to foreclose on the roads. The ma
nipulators el the roads wish <o have the
Government extend the time of payment
of the money due it. Moreover, the ma
nipulators want not only an extension of
time but a lowering of the rate of interest
payable to t;>e Government on the princi
pal. If the Government refuses to ext«nd
the time of payment it will foreclose.
But if in selling the main road the
branches are not included the price which
the foreclosure would bring would be com
paratively small.
"The prospect of getting such a small
price would have weight in inducing the
Government to listen more favorably to
the proposition to extend the time of pay
ment, even at a reduced interest. There
fore it is not surprising that these manip
ulators should do whatever they can to
bring such an unpleasant prospect square
before the eyes of the Government,
especially when by so doing they could
feather their own nests, additionally well,
even should the Government foreclose
and sell the main line to some other than
the manipulators to whom I have re
ferred.
"Now, how is this to be done? Just this
way: In 1891 the Union Pacific Railroad
Company issued its 5 per cent gold notes
lor $8,5000,000, or, at least, the principal
and interest amount to that sum. To se
cure these notes the company deposited
j the. bonds and securities of the branch
i lines, as well as those of the main line.
I The notes have been past due for two
I years. The interest has been unpaid, I
understand. It is now proposed on the
part of the owners ot. these notes to fore
close upoii the securities, issue bonds to
the amount of $10,000,000, and issue
$5,000 r OQO worth of Mock, and deliver the
j stock to the people, who take the bonds
j and furnish the money to pay these trust
! notes.
"These securities and bonds of the
i branch roads, eiven for security of the
| trust notes, are on their face worth $93,
000,000. Their market price to-day is, I
am informed, from $35,000,000 to $40,000,
--000. Yet it is proposed to sell them to
pay these trust notes, to get possession of
the branch lines, and then, should the
j Government take possession of the main
! lines of the Union Pacific, divert the
I branch lines to the Northwestern or some
other road which nearly parallels the
Union Pacific, and so, besides enriching
themselves, greatly decrease the value of
the Government property, as can be very
easily seen.
"This situation seems to have surprised
a great many people. Senator Morgan,
who has given such close attention to
the Pacific roaas funding bill, said on the
Senate floor the other day thai this mat
ter was entirely new to him. My purpose
is to have the Government appropriate
money to take up these notes of trust
and bo prevent the holders of the notes
obtaining possession of the branch lines."
"Put you say that these notes are past
due. How can you prevent the holders
foreclosing before Congress could appro
priate the money necessary to take up the
I notes even were Congress so disposed ? '
"Weil, the foreclosure has not taken
place and Congress should take steps im
mediately to appropriate money to take
up the notes. The whole scheme is one
of the grossest outrages ever perpetrated
on the people."
"What was the debt for which the trust
note* were issued contracted for?"
"For the notes, I should say. The
branch lines were and are making money.
They could have paid the interest on the
notes, and the principal, too. My belie!
is that there is no need of ihe debt. In
fact, 1 do not believe thnt any money was
paid on U>e notes. It's all a gigantic
fraud ; an outrage on tlie public."
"Do you contend that the people who
issued the notes are the same who now
hold them and the securities?'
"They all baionir to rtie same crowd.
They have been robbing this Government
for years, and the pity of it is that the
Government continues to have anything
to do with them."
"You intend to ti; ht for your resolu
tion?"
"With all my misht."
Foolish Ulrikr of Omaha. JLarpretamen.
OMAHA, Nebr., Jnn. 4.— A most novel
Children Cry for Pitcher's Castoria.
strike was instituted to-day by the drivers
for the Expressmen's Delivery Company.
Instead of being a question of wages, work
or hours, it was whether the barn fore
man had a right to enforce a rule relative
to "rushing the can." The drivers threat
ened to strike, but this did not alter the
determination of the manager of the
company to enforce a rule which he had
posted forbidding the use of liquor. Then
the whole force walked out on a strik*.
The places were filled without much diffi
culty.
SOUTH DAKOTA`S SENATORSHIP.
Kyle Is Still in the Lead, but the Situa-
tion Is Causing Him Much
Uneasiness.
PIERRE, S. D., Jan. 4.— There is but
little change in the Senatorial contest in
South Dakota. Kyle is still in th 3 lead,
but unless elected at an early date will be
compelled to take a back seat. He spent
a restless night last* night, not retiring
until a late hour this morning. Yester
day he put in his whole time in political
work.
Loucks, who is still second in the race,
has a strong force of lobbyists and they
are doing much work. Plowman has bis
forces well in hand. Wood of Custer City
and McGee of Rapid City and others are
his leaders and they are working untir
ingly.
Goodykoontz has many friends and
Railroad Commissioner La Follette is con
ducting his campaign, lie is the second
choice of many.
The Senate will organize and select a
majority of the members of committees
and allow the Governor to fill the balance
of the committees. There is no inclina
tion on the part of the Senate in a.iy way
to slight Lieutenant-Governor Hardman
and he is as earnestly inclined to co
operate with the Senate.
The inauguration will occur at 3 o'clock
to-morrow and the ball will be held at the
Locke Hotel.
MORE lATEKX AIIOZAL, CHESS.
Xativea of England and America to Com-
pete for Supremacy.
NEW YORK, N. V., Jan. 4.— On Feb.
ruary 12 and on the following day the
match at chess between England and
America for the defense of the Newnes
trophy will be played by cable. This year
the following players on either side will
take part: The Americans most likely to
contest will be Pillsbury, Showalter, Bar
ille, Barry, Hymes, Hodges, Teed, Helms,
Delmar and Bampton. For the English
the probabilities are Blackburn, Lee, Lin
stry, Lawrence, Locock, Mills, Atkins,
Jackson and Smith.
In America the match will be played at
the Academy of Music, Brooklyn; in
England at the Cannon-street Hotel, Lon
don. Baron Albert de Rothschild of
Vienna will be the refere^ for both coun
tries, lv London L. Hoffer will be the
American umpire and representative. In
Brooklyn Professor Isaac L. Ryer will
represent England and be their umpire.
The match, which is for chess supremacy
bet ween the two countries and can be par
ticipated in by natives only, will be
played under the auspices of tne British
Chess Club in behalf of England and of
the Brooklyn Chess Club in behalf of
America.
FXXZ SIGAS THIS AKTIVLES.
Matched to l'iuht Jim Corbett on St.
Patrick* Hay.
NEW YORK, N. V., Jan. 4.— 80b Fitz
siniinons is matched to tight Jim Corbett
for a purse of $15,000 and a bide bet of
$5000 on March 17. Fitasimmons signed
the articles this afternoon at Taylor's
Hotel, Jersey City. Corbett signed them
three weeks ago. Dan Stuart of Dallas,
Texas, who made the match and claims to
be able to pull it off, was present. Fitz
simmons went across the river from the
city at 2:30 r. m. He was accompanied by
Captain Moore, Joe Vcndig and Martin
Julian.
It was 3:10 o'clock when Dan Stuart ar
rived. He immediately produced the arti
cles. Julian read the terms governing
the fight. Filzsimnions objected to the
clause "all privileges reserved by the
club." Julian said that if the klnetoscope
privilege was sold the principals should
get in on any money coming from that
sourc •, and a verbal agreement wa* made
that all money should De equally dividei
between the principals. Thau Fitzsim
mons signed. Al Smith is named as
stakeholder.
COXBEIT Jft I' 1.1:. 1: AS Eli.
Say i Be ',Is Mil liny to Jtouble the Side
Jlrt Hilh l-'ilzsintmon: [
DETROIT, Mich.. Jan. 4.— When James
J. Corbett was informed tlint Fitzsimmons
nad signed the articles for their match at
Jersey City this afternoon he •expressed
himself as being very glad that the match
had been finally arranged. He declared
that he was ready and willine to fight and
that he would surely be on 'hand on
March 17. ."
As to the amount of the side bet,
whether it shall be $5000 or $10,000, Corbett
said that he had |50.0 already; posted, ana
that as soon as Fiizsimmons covered it he
would have $5000 additional rendv to put
tip, if Fitzsimmons wanteJ to po higher. -
Corbett will clo?e his theatrical season
on February 1 and immediately go into
active training for the fight. He does not
know where he will train, as it will depend
in some degree on the location of the bat
tleground. Corbelt thinks he is in almost
good enough condition to meet Fitzsim
mons to-morrow, but he says he will work
faithfully, and be in the pink of condition
when he steps into the -ring on March 17.
COUBbTT Itt.UlMt THAUfISV.
Weigh* 188 I'ound* and Stctns to Be as
Shi fly an' .Ever?
DETROIT, Mich., Jan. 4.— James J. Cor
hetc commenced light training at the gym*
nasium of the Detroit Athletic Ciub this
morning for his fight with Bob Fitzsim
luous. He weighed 188 pounds. After a
few minutes' exercise with dumbbells and
gymnasium apparatus to loosen his
muscles he played handball for half an
hour and then had twenty-rive minutes of
steady boxing with his sparring partner,
Connie McVey, in which he appeared to
be about as shifty as usual. He wound up
his day's exercise by taking a long run.
Although he worked steadily and hard for
nearly an Hour and a half Corlett showed
no signs of distress when he quit.
Snn Jn»fi Mcycl* Tournament.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Jan. 4.— The Garden
City Cyclers will bold a blue-ribbon race
meet in this city on Saturday, January 23.
W. B. Fawcett of the Velodrome will
manage tne affair. A large number of
fast riders will enter and the event will be
one ol the best ever held here. The pro
ceeds will be used to defray the expenses
of J. E. Alexander as delegate to the Na
tional meeting of the Leairne of American
Wheelmen in Albany, N. V., on February
10. The delegate has Deen instructed to
work for sanctions for Sunday races.
line- Hintier* at .^ew Orleans
NEW ORLEANS, La., Jan. 4.— Ke?uls: Three
quarters of a mile— Hanobell won, Domingo
second, J. H. Grafton third. Time, l'M%
Three-quarters of a mile— Judith ■ C won,
Davt> Puisifer second, Linnette thira. Time,
l:2o*£. ,-...... ■ - - . > . ..;  .
Tisrte-quarters of a Charm won, Liz
zette second, Loyal Prince third.'- Time, l:2o}£.''
:: One mile — Paul Pry won; John Carr secouu,
Luurada third. Time, 1:52. .. : • ,
' : Seven-eighths of a mile— Van' : Brunt won,
Jamoree second, Llsel G third. ;■ Time, 1:37.?
Six and a half fnrlon?.'— Lady Brlttanic won,
Dawn second, Al Lone third. Time, I:2IJX- •
DIPLOMAS GIVEN
TO THE TEACHERS
Many Awards Made by the
California Board of
Education.
Life Certificates Granted to a
Large Class of Learned
Pedagogues.
Prof.ssor Randall, the New Member,
Appoint-. d to Positions en
Committees.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Jan. 4.— The reg
niar quarterly meeting of the State Board
of Education was held this morning. The
members present were Professors Black,
Randall of San Jose, Brown of the State
University and Pierce of Los Angeles. In
the absence of the Governor Professor
Pierce was calied to the chair. The new
member of the board, Professor Randall,
was assigned to the position formerly oc
cupied by Professor Cnilds on the Text
books and Credentials committees, and
Prolessor Pierce was authorized to tempo
rarily occupy the position of President
Kellogg on the Credentials Committee.
Diplomas were granted to the following:
Life diplomas of the highest grade — Arthur
Katun Baker, Los Aneeles County ; MinaCole,
Banta Clara County; Katherine A. Fall, Los
Angeles County; Darius A. Mobley, San Joa
quin County; J. H. Pond, Sacramento County ;
J. U. Kay, Sutter County; Matiie A. Reed, Los
Angeles County ; Mary b\ Taylor, fan Diego
County; N. C. Twining, Riverside Couuty;
Knima Younglove, Ventura County; Chailes
C. Van Valkeiiburgh, Alumetla County; Dan
iel Wood.
Educational diplomas of the highest grade-
Frank S. Israel, ban Joaquin Count; ; Florence
Prag, San Francisco County; Hatiie J. Shute,
Alameda County ; Eli 11. Rideuour, San Joaquin
County.
Certificates of qualification, parchment
form— May Egan, Los Angeles, Log Angeles;
Carrie Etchefloendy, Los Angeles, Los Angeles;
Elith Field, fcos Angeles, Los Angeles; Eva
uriswold, Los Angeles, Los Angeles; Dora A.
Jones, Los Angeles, Los Angeles; Marguerite
M. V. Middleton, Santa Cruz, San Jose; Regina
Nauerth, Los Angeles, Los Angeles; Elizabeth
N. Pepper, Lib Angeles, Los Angeles; Lena
Pol ham us, San Diego, Los Angeles; Agnes
Gould Sabine, Los Abgeles, Los Angeles; F. W.
Siein, Los Angeles, Los Angeles; Louise N.
Van Cleve, Los Angeies, Los Angeles;
Ella G. Wood, Los Angeles, Los Angeles.
Paper form — Jennie Biekerstaff, Contra
Costa, San Jose; Mrs. R. I. Bromiey Tuol
tiinne, San Jose; M. E. Brooks. Tuolumne, San
Jose; Emma Daniel wicz, Alameda, San Jose;
Mrs. Adda Davis, Sacramento, San Jose; Ida
Van Eaton. Santa Clara. San Jose; Lizzie A.
F.eming, Placer, San Jose; Niua L. Garwood,
Sacramento, San Jose; Henrietta L. Good
win, Santa Cruz, San Jose; Ida S.
Hall, Contra Costa, San Jose; Angle
R. Heudrix, Santu Clara, San Jose;
Kathryn L. Henry, Fresno, San Jose; Ada M.
Kerllu, Orange, Los Angeles; Mary A. Koerber,
Santa Clara, Snn Jose; Edith Leimbach, Sacra
mento, San Jose; Maud Maddox, Yolo, San
Jose; Maggie M. McCiintlc, Yolo, San Jose;
Frances Stark Packard, Kern, Los, Angeles;
Adah A. Parker, Xapa, Chico; Blanche R.
Phlllpipi, Placer. San Jose; Julia M. Poston,
Napa, San Jose.: Eva R. Schpeider, Sacra
mento, San Jose; Retiecca F. Kennedy, Ama
dor, San Jose.
Educational diplomas ot the grammar
grade — Clara I. Abbott. Rufus D. Alderson,
Amy Ci Algeo, Nellie E. Barry, Lou Beville,
Ruby L. Black, Liurn M. Blake, Sarah Bou
kofsky, Ruth E. Bourns, Romiotia V. Bras
fie'.d, Kate E. Burchull, La urn Kate Carlisle,
Luna Carter, Lyda A. Carroll. Nettie Cohen,
Ida V. Ccoley,* Maude E. Crew, Martha A.
Crooks, Margaret I. Crowley, Emma C. Dahl
gren, Dee T. Davis, Tillie If. Downing. Rebecca
E. Dreyfus, Erskine E. Esdon, 1. GarUughouse,
Margaret D. G irdeit, Mary T. Gieasou, Nora B.
Hanlcy, Mattie H. Haun, Thomas S. Hays,
Dora Helms, Clarence Edgiir Horsman,
Manuel P. Hublcr, Eunenin iluffaker, Mary
Hutctiins, Alice E. Keating, Claire C.
Korell, Minnie Lacy, Anita M. Lastreto,
Mary A. Lee. Gertrude l'Hommedieu, Ruth E
Libby, A. K. Maddocks, Mary E. Mahoney,
Maud M. Metcatf, Mabel Museou, Gladys A.
MacCarty, Anuette McCarthy, Lou B. McCor
mick, Mif.uie Northup, Katie T. Nunan,
Arthur O'Connor, Louisa O'Connor, Susie R.
Patterson, Bertha Pearse, T. S. Pendergrass,
W. C. Roi-erts, Ora Rhodfn, Mattie A. Scott,
Elizabeth L. Shearer, I. W. Siowden, May B.
Spencer, Eliza Thomas, B. M.Trautwein, Anna
S. Troell, Mrs. C. E. Whisler, Anna Wolff, Mary
Wolcott, John E. Wylie.
Supplementary list of educational diplomas
of tne grammar grade, January 4, 1897—
Marlnn M. Buctier, Annie J. Graham, Irene G.
Hall, Lou G. iiennessv, Kate Mason, Mary B.
McColloch, Gertrude Owen, Albertina" M.
Treadweil. Robert Hunter Thurmjnd, Julia
E. Thurniond, Amanda Van urden, Madison
Elliott, Susan E. Adams, Euvelle Howard,
Emma L. Turner.
Life diplomas granted January 4. 1897,
supplementary list, gramiriur grade— Lena C.
Anderson. Will A. Angler, Alberta B. Cox,
Lida M. Heury, Annie T. Hughes, Helen U
Mackenzie, JohnN. Mercer, Kute Oneto, James
NEW TO-DAY. ■■ . - :.'- : ';V" ■" :.-'; ; ' ; i < ;.
ft : Manhood.
/ , The sense of physical strength
L^^Sv sends a thrill of pleasure through
\J&*ygP 1,,- the veins of every human being
/ J^v^^^^^^T possessed of that rare gift.
/ •— <--^— *n^\ Strength in manhood or woman-
/ / t^T\^Jiti • hood means health, vigor ; yet
j\ (. j^lxv thousands are aware of a deplof-
yl 'tH able lack of this feeling. Every
■/\V\-'/S*3' man or woman who lacks vigor
u!fKr l \\\ • \ *^\ i^^^a' can regain it through the use
■ : -/!&A 1 °* Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt. "■
' /^^^^^^i'^jfl^v A work of art and science, de-
:i | <<^®B^s^^ =^^^V: voted to the strength and de- ■
; \ velopment of pure manly and
<;^^Vv^i\^ xsS^^ l womanly vigor, called "Three
\ : a^lM \ V^v4l) Classes of Men," will be mailed,
**-\^f^ \ -vV^ \ closely sealed, free'to every man
\ 7\v»\ \^-- / i' or man who would study this
y /'\^A M subject for their own advance-
S> '$£ K^S\^v> ment. In this work are em-
" w?ks. t%v 1 bodied the plain, candid truths
Cupid and Psych. relating to the development and
recovery of mental, physical
and vital forces in young, middle-aged and old men.
< "Who lacks in one function while vigorous in all others is
not as nature made him and must be renewed."
Weakness in the vital organs is unnatural in all men. It
is due to improper care of the functions endowed by nature with
perfect vigor, and since nature gives this strength, if it has been
wasted she must be called upon to renew i. Natural remedies
must be used. Nothing bears a closer relation to the elements
of vital and nerve force than electricity. It is natural. It is
nature embodied in a portable, convenient and effective appli-
ance when Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt is used. If you lack in
any 5 respect the manly powers you should possess send or call at
once - for this scfentific book, which will spread before you the
only" true and permanent restoration of mental, physical arid
vital manhood. It has thousands of testimonials, from every
town and hamlet in the country. Address
632 MARKET ST., OPPOSITE PALACE HOTEL, SAN FRANCISCO
. Office hours BA. M. to 8:30 P. M.; Sundays 10 to L Offloea at Loa AnireiM r i *o/w
80. Broadway; Portland, Or., 253 Washington street. .^cea at los : Angeles, CaL, 204
_ uo mistake in tne anmh«f-aaa Market street.
Kdward Rodgers, Samuel B. Schauer, Annie L.
Swank, Carrie I. Swope, Emma F. Whitney.
Life diplomas of the grammar grede-
Frances T. Amos, Osec E. Ashley, Lillian H.
Austin, Grace Barney, Kate N. Bassett, Lotta
Bean, Minnie Barnes Beattle, Mary E. Benn,
Fannie M. Bliven, Louis F. B™y. Anna R.
Brewster, Mollie L. Brown, Anna P. Buckley,
Mertie Burrowes. Nannie L. Calhoun, Kate T.
Callfthat), O. H. Campbell, M. Emel.ne Car
michael. Inez L. Carrick, William 11. Chase.
Benjamin Cobb, Cassie Cook, Annie F. Conlin,
Helen D. Conlon, Retta G. Counsll, Loins? J.
Conrad, Annie I. Daring. Sarah A. Dems,
Mary S. Denis, Alice L. Derrick. Lillie Duncan,
Bertha Pworzazek, Mrs. Nettie Erwin, Frank
Fischer, Mrs. Martha M. Forman. Laura Gar
linEhouse, Mury A. Glidden, Mrs. Mary L.
Gould, Mrs. Annie Green, Sophie A. Grote,
Louise Grove, Lydia Hart, M. Ella Heeney, A.
E. Hclmke. Kathryn Henry, Gertrude C. Herd,
Frank R. Higlit, George W. Hinkle, Annie
Hinus, Eugene S Hogan, Etta Honigsberger,
Blanche Hotalinir, Edward C. Houston, Mary
A. Houston. Mamie E. Hurley, Jessie Bain
bridge Jardins. Mattie E. Johns, Ada M^ Josse
lyn, J. N. Junken, Ellen M. Ksaton, Lillie M.
Kinnev, SalUe Macauley, Mabra Helm Madden,
Mrs. Katie Magginnetti, Kate A. Maloney,
James W. Malone, Mrs. Maggie Mathews, Eliza
beth Mayers, Eliza L. Meader, Kath Meighan.
Lizzie Miller, Anna Morgan. Sarah J. Murphy,
May McDonnell, Maggie E. McFall, Anna L.
McKenney, Florence D. McKiernan, Cecilia B.
Nolan, Mary G. Noon, W. M. Nnner Jr.. Clyde
Parks, Mrs. E. F. Pearce, Josephine 11. Phelps,
Mary E. Phillip*, Martha H. Poppe, Nettie W.
Potter, Matthew D. Pratt, Emma 11. Provost,
Eliza Quinn, Marion Rahtn, Margaret A.
Reddy, W. C. Roberts, Holen A. Robins, Min
nie C. Rosevere, Mnry A. Rynn, Belle Rytin,
George W. Sellman, Juliet L. Sexton, Harry C.
Shaw, MalTina Simon. Florence Simpkins, J.
G. Sinale, Lucy E. Smith, Effie D. Stnrk, Vir
ginia Stewart, John C. Storment, Mora M. Sul
livan, Ada P. Wilson Thurston, Carrie L. Tif
fany, Jennie E. Tucker, Sarah E. Yore, Grace
Wasson, Louisa Weaver, Carrie J. Weaver,
Edgar Franklin Zumwali, Letty L. Darling,
Lydia A. Jamison.
STASJFouws VACAXIUJf e:h>s.
Student* Returning from Holiday Vis-
Ha at Th'ir Rome*.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Cal., Jan.
4. — The university will reopen to-morrow
for registration, and the students are re
turning one by one. Instruction will be
gin on Wednesday, and the quadrangle is
once more beginning to assume a busy
appearance. Dave Brown returned to
day and is engaged in overseeing the re
pairs on the track, which is being recin
dered and rolieci.
Recent advices respecting the Glee and
Mandolin Clubs' northern tour report
pood houses in Portland. Salem and
Eugene. At Salem, the home of Quarter
back Murphy, the football song, "When
Murphy Kicked the Goal," brought down
the house. The clubs will return to the
university Thursday, their last three
dates being Chico, Marysville and Sacra
mento. Notwithstanding the good houses
the prospects are the trip has been made
at a loss. This will be borne by the in
dividual members of the clubs, as the
men were required to deposit their per
sonal notes as a guaranty against loss.
Sitnta Cruz Rr»erre» Entertained.
I? ANT A CRL T Z. Cal., Jan. 4. — The
Fourth Gun Division, Naval Battalion,
N. G. C, under command of Lieutenant
Morey, spent yesterday afternoon as
euests of the officers and sailors of the
Monadnock. They renewed acquaint
ances they had formed last summer, wlie n
they made a cruise and received special
instruction on the monitor. This visit,
while of a semi-social nature, was attend
ed by the usual courteous discipline of the
ship and gave the naval reserve an oppor
tunity to study the useful things with
more leisure than on former visits. The
Monadnock may remain here several days
if the weather should prove favorable. A
large number of citizens visit the ship
every day.
JjOB Anrfflea' -Keuf R*aime,
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Jan. 4.— The
newly elected mayor of Los Auceies, M.
P. Snyder, took office to-day. The new
Council was also installed. The following
Police Commissioners were appointed:
George P. McLain, F. O. Wyman, Charle3
Forman and E. A. Pruess. The following
Park Commissioners were appointed: W.
H. Workman, M. Teed. R. J. Walters and
Georce H. Stawart. Herman Silver, Re
publican, was chosen president of the
Council. Mayor Snyder sent a message to
the Council favoring the ownership of
the water plant. The new Board of Su
pervisors also took office.
Cnvtured ot Mount Tabor.
PORTLAND, Or., Jan. 4.— Detective
Welsh and Po tal Inspector Gordon
arrested Lloyd B. Stone of Delta, lowa, at
the home of his father, at Mount Tabor,
for forgery to-day. Stone, who is but 20
years of age. came from lowa with a friend
named Chandler. At Omaha, the latter
bought a money order which he forwarded
to Cheyenne. Stone, reaching that place
in advance of Chandler, secured the order
and cashed it. Chandler never saw him,
but advised the postal authorities of what
Stone had done. Stone made no denial of
his guiit. He will be taken East for trial.
San Jirnilo County' it Proseeulor.
HOLLIBTER, Cal., Jan. 4.— Superior
Judge-elect M. T. Doohng resigned as
District Attorney to-day. John L. Hud
ner was apuointed by the board of Super
visors to till the vacancy.
new TO-DAY.'
fHTsicT""
ARE CURED.
The Depression Caused by
Disease Is Dispelled.
DISEASES. ESPECIALLY THOSE OF
a chronic nature, cannot be cured ex-
cept by a treatment that strikes directly
at the root ot the trouble. The new, origi-
nal and marvelous method of treating dis-
eases tnat is pursued at the State Electro-
Medical Institute is one that never fails.
The salutary effects of the treatment on
any disease are at once perceived and a
speedy and permanent cure is invariably
made in every case.
The treatment is medical and electrical
combined. The peculiar method of ad-
ministering these two great curative reme-
dies is a new, original, scientific discovery
of the Institute. "It is used exclusively by
them and the most amazing results are
accomplished in the treatment and cure of
all diseases.
The Institute is splendidly equipped
with evpry device known to the scientific
world for administering medical electric-
ity, includine large Static, Faradic and
Galvanic batteries, Electric Beits, .Body
Batteries and a great variety of other
electric appliances that are manufactured
and used exclusively by the lustitute in
their Electro-Medical treatment. By
means of these electric batteries and ap-
pliances, vitalizing, life-giving electric -
currents are used to aid in sending the ,
Institute medicines directly to the dis-
eased organs and diseased' parts of the
body.
The medicines prescribed at the Insti-
tute are perfect laboratory triumphs, for-
mulated from a true appreciation of the
medicinal wants of the body; and when
these medicines are aided in their recu-
perating and healing work by electricity
scientifically applied, every symptom of
disease is rapidJy dispelled, the patient
soon regains perfect health and strength,
while the depression caused by disease ia
displaced by the happiness and pleasure
that is he natural heritage of those twin
blessings, "a sound mind in a sound
body."
If you are sick or ailing, if you want to *
know what id tne matter with you, and if
you want to be cured, you should resort
without delay to the State Electro- Medical
Institute. The Institute IIIEATS AND
CURES Diseases of the Heart, Brain and
Nerves, ijlood Diseases, Rheumatism, Ca-
tarrh, Kidney Diseases, Throat Diseases,
Stomach Diseases. Diseases oi the Liver,
Bowel Diseases, Eye Diseases, Ear Dis-
eases, Diseases of Men, Diseases of Women,
and all Curable Diseases.
$5 RITE FOR ALL DISEASES.
WRITE— If you live out of town and
cannot visit the Institute this need not
deprive you of the benefits of the wonder-
ful Institute treatment. Patients can be
cured at home just as well as when per-
sonally treated at the Institute. It is
only necessary to write a plain statement
pf\your condition, explaining your feel-
ings and symptoms as clea'ly as possible,
and from this the Institute doctors will be
able to accurately diagnose, correctly pre-
scribe for and permanently cure any case.
STATE ELECTRO-ifIEDICiIL INSTITUTE,
. ; 3. EDDY STREET, V-:
.... _... . ,'. San Francisco, Ciil. . .._
dA£AAI\
HANDST ff
WANTED ! I
We want every pair of hands
<. in San Francisco or Alameda
County, whether
Gentlemen
or
Ladies,
To be fitted with a pair of our
GLOVES.
Gents' Fleece-lined, Fur-trimmed SI.OO
Gents' Genuine Reindeer Driving G10ve5. . 91. 50
Gen. s 1 Dress Kd uloves »l. OO to 51.75
Gents' Perrins' Dres< Gloves 51.50
Heavy Horaebile uloves 50e
Strong GoatsKln Glows 35c
Heavy Oil-tanned Fuck '. SI.OO
Warm Woolen Gloves... 25c and 50c
CpCfl A I I 4 Large Button, 4-Row
*-«wl**l-» Embroidered Oer-<C|. 15
THIS by, formerly $iSO«P* —
WFFKT Biarritz Gloves, -_-.
W C Cl\ formerly 85c, 55 C
2-Clasp. 2-row Kmbrotdery .....850
3-C1&8P, 3-row Embroidery....; SI .OO
6-Hook Foster '. SI.OO
2-Clasp White Doeskin 51. 25
3-Clasp Nltrami, Keal Kid...... Si. 50
2-CUsp Deruy, 3-row Kmbroidered 51. 50
8-Buttcn Length Ueal Kid..". ...... I. SI. 15
Misse»' and Boys' land 2 Clasp SI.OO
Boys' Fur Top. 5 00
THE SUCCESS of THE SEASON
T^ , GRILL
■^.i ROOM
PALACE HOTEL.
Direct Entranfic from Market St. *
OFICX VH TiI. MIDNIGMI.
§ffH DR. fIALL'S REIPIGOMTOH
Wf»*i&» Five liundred reward Jor any cus* wa
put BSh cannot cure.;; THIS SECKKTKEM.
a KI Y HALL'S losses In hours, '
Hvs hundred reward for any cas* wa
cstnnot cure. THIS SECBKT KEM-
KdV stop* all losses In 24 hours
:!§S Ei§ , ros KmlHslnns. Impotency, Varied
*W- OH cele.i&onorrnuja. Gleet. Fits, str£
*(« ■ fctf tures. Blood Diaease and all wasMni
Pljgft effects ot -elf Abuse or EiceW
WJjWuaa Sent I sealed. $2 per bottle thh. " •
BOTTLES, $5: uuaranieed uTcur« any ca« -"
- WLSALL'S MEDICAL IN3T IT Umc*
■ \ ,, ■'._, - 865 Broadway, Oakland. CaU • ■ "
lr£> dJoj! <Uaeii:!M Sickly curso. b«aa f«fSANTA CLARA'S
RAPID PROGRESS
Prosperous Condition of the
County Told in
Figures.
Retiring Chairman Greeninger
of the Supervisors Submils
His Report.
Steady Adv?ncement Made Along
Every L-ne Within the Past
Twelve Years.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Jan. 4 -At the regu
lar meeting of the Beard of Supervisors
this morning P.iul I\ Austin and Fred M.
Stern, the newly elected members, took
their seats. The retiring members were
J. S. Selby and A. Greeninger. Elmer Rea
was elected chairman. The personnel of
• the new board is as follows: Paul P. Aus
tin, S. F. Aver, Elmer Kea, Fred M. Stern
and John Roll. S. F. Ayer tucceeded him
self from the Fifth District. On his elec
tion as chairman Mr. Rea made a short
f.ddre?s and invited the new board and re
tiring members to adinner at the Lamoile
House.
Before retiring, Chairman Greeninger,
who has been a member of the board for
twelve years, presented a report of the
progress of the county during the time of
his service as Supervisor. It is as follows:
To the Honorable the Board of Supervisor* of
Santa Clara < ounty: Bei-.g about 10 retire from
membership in mil honorable Loard. after a
service which lias covered a period of twelve
years, I deem it proper, with your consent, to
tail attention to some of ihe more important
Transactions that have occurred during that
lime, and to make a briei review of the progress
of the county during those years.
BOAD9 AND HIGHWAYS.
Probably the most important department
within the jurisdiction of tjie board is that of
public roads and highways. The condition of
the public roads of a community is a fair md
( x 10 the progressive character ot the people,
as well as to the intelligence and energy of its
executive beard. For many years SdDta Clara
County has been prominent for the efficiency
with which this department has been admin
istered, and to-day there is no county of the
l'acinc Coast that can equal it in the number
and excellence of its public highways. Dur
ing the past twelve years the county has
opened and improved 229 miles of the new
public roads. The extent to which the road
system has been perfected and improvements
accomplished during tne last twelve years is
indicated by the following statement compiled
from ttie records of the board:
In 1835, when I had the honor of taking my
seat on this board, there were but two roads
in the coiintv that were being systematically
gj rinkled— the Alamedaand the Monterey road
— the former between San Jose and Santa Clara,
a distance of a little more than two miles, and
the latter between San Jose and the Oak Hill
Cemetery for a like distance, the aggregate
' amount of sprinkled roads being about five
miles. Investigation and experiments by the
Loerd had convinced them that the mainte
nance of the public highways could best be
accomplished by a liberal use of water during
the summer season. It was also ascertained
ihst ii general system of sprinkling would en
tail a large amount of money at first cost; but
this wou.d even:ually be returned in a les
sened cost of maintenance. The question of
first cost caused the board to move cautiously
in the beginning, but iis efforts in the initial
experiments were so successful and Its jtid^
*o fully confirmed that the taxpayers
were quick to appreciate the results and eecu
fear tue demand for aa extension of the «ys
iem came lrom tne peop.e of all districts. How
much progress has been made in this direction
will be shown by the statement that, in the
place of the five miies of sprinkled road in
lfc?.j, with a sprinkling apparatus consisting
of two carts, the county now regularly waters
about 250 miles of county road.*, lias 55
watering-carts ami more than 90 miles of pipe
vita macninery and arpamtus, constitut
• permanent plant valued at about
*150.000.
The board has full reason to be gratified at
tin- result of its labors in this department- The
blinding dust which, twetve years ago, charac
terized the rural highways in tiie summer
linn . ihat made travel a burden and demanded
of the traveler a thorough cleansing process at
the end of even a brief journey, has disap
ed, and he can now drive for miles in any
direction with comfort and pleasure. The
chuck holes which lay concealed beneath a
covering of impalpable powder, and which
passage <<f loaded teams almost in
tolerable, have ttiso gone, find in their place is
a hard and smooth rcanbed, over which the
most fragile articles can be transported with
out danger or inconvenience. This is a most
Important consideration ;o the fruitgrower,
- rapidly monopolizing the territory ou<
• side' the limit* oi cities and towns. Over our
-. as they are now maintained, his pro
em be carried to their destination with
-1 ■■:: braising and de ivtreu in a cleanly condi
:io 1.
I will herr, gentlemen, take the liberty to
t that however tar the improvement of
our public roads has teen carried there is still
room lor progress. The principal item of the
nt expense is the lost of obtaining water.
] iiope to see the time in the near future when
this 1 xiiunse will be reduced to a nominal
• Bum. Taera are streams in the hills thn: sur
round .he valley which will lurnish a supply
of water amply sufficient for all road purposes.
-apply can be led to convenient points by
.gravitation, and thus obviate the employment
of costly machinery or apparatus, and save the
■ laige sums now actually expanded iv the pur
chase of water. It seems :o rue to be the true
policy for the county to lake immediate steps
• toward acquiring such rignis to the different
source! oi water supply ts will enable it to en
joy the full advantages 01 those natural re
sources. Each week mat pa-ses will mate
this more difficult. The rapid settlement of
tne territory tnrough which these streams
flow complicated the difficulty by raising up
confiii tine claims, so that what niiuht now be
accomplished without dispute may next year
b» obtained only through great trouble and
largely increased expense.
WORKING THK PRISONERS.
One of the problems mat have been subjects
nf careiul and continuous consideration by
the board is the question of providing em
ployment for the prisoners confined m me
:yJail. Several experiments have been
made and none of them have proved entirely
satisfactory, the expense being lound too
large to give satisfHctory results. The Snfe
keeping oi the prisoners rendered it necessary
to employ and 'pay extra deputies, while the
co^t of transportation and the time required
to move the prisoners from jail to place of
iatior aii'l return entailed much expense on
. tiie county. But one of the most important
objections to auy of the experiments thus far
mnde is, in my opinion, the competition cre
ated between lree and penal labor. The law
abiding wage-earners ol the county should
lif.ve all the money that the county expends
lor labor. The difficulty hns been 'in finding
some employment that would not interfere
with this free labor and which would at the
snme time bring in a prolii sufficient to re
imburse the county for the expense (hat must
-;iri!y be incurred in maintaining the
prisoners.
In common with the other members of this
board I have given this que.ntion much seriotM
consideration, and I have become thoroughly
convinced that all difficulties can be obviated
by putting the prisoners at the wort of pre
paring material fur the public roads of the
<•> uirtv and the streets of the city. There is
an sbundanea of rock ot a superior quality
within three miles of San Jose. It is mcx
lißus:ib:e In quantity and can be transported
inexpensively and conveniently to all points
wh-jreitmay be needed. A small expenditure
<>; money would furnish necessirv buildings
for the use of the prisoners and provide com
pensation for superintendence and extra
guard. There are natural facilities for wurk
icg any number of prisoners, arid the result
would bo the preparation of nn abundance of
the best of road material, which could be used
by the county or sold to the incorporated cit
:>■- mid towns at a very lowpnce. Itcouldin
runny instances be made to take the place of.
el. The roads would be better for iis use
1 wouid cost less money. The plan would
not Interfere wl' 11 lree labor, but. on the con
trary, would acid to the opportunities of the
free laborer. It wou.d be work ivhicn, if not
done in tins manner, would not be done at all,
and, when the municipal authorities see an
abundance 01 material so cheap and so well
adapted to the rarpose. many streets and
roads wi;i be improved which under other cir
cu instances woul 1 not be done.
Tnis would make additional labor for the
labor. ng man rather than deprive Dim ot that
which he already haa. Ihe fact that prison
ers would be obliged to work would materially
reduc ■ the number of vagrants. This fact has
been abundantly proved by the experiments
already made by the board. . ,
I desire to urge this matter on the board
with all the earnestness in my power. It is
for the moral -and financial benefit of the
couutv. It will save money to the taxpayers
and famish additional employment to iree
labor. It will exert a poweriul Influence in
bringing our road* ana streets to a higher
s;ate 01 perfection, and will go a long way
toward exterminating the tramp nuisance
which is so burdensome to the industrious
people ot the community.
• RELIEF OF INDIGENTS.
In providing for the sick and destitute of the
county the board has exhibited an intelligent
lib-ralitv. Mucn money has b«en expended,
but it been in behalf ol suffering human
ity and hns not been begrudged by the general
body uf taxpayers. At the time I entered on
my tluiies ms Supervisor the county had two
eleemosynary institutions— the County Hospi
tal and the Alinshouse. The growth of the
county haa demanded many < additions and
improvements to theso institutional Theso
improvements aro enumerated in another part
of this report and were accomplished at a total
cost oi $23,355. . -
Tnc growth of the work of relieving the poor
will be illustrated by the following statement:
Kxpense (ruftfnt*nance) Infirmary 1885.. 117 45
Expense (main:e:imice) 1 tirmary 1898..17 2 i. ; .''s
Kxpense (runinietiancetAlnishouselßßs. 8.011 60
Expense (maintenance) Alinshouse 17,073 60
Unialdi r-n.'f granted iBBS •_',79H bO
uutsiJe relief granted 1896... 18,al8 85
Oi the amount expended for outside relief i
about $2800 wus received from thetStnte.
Xot iuirequently afflictea persons, residents
of oilier counties, have presented 'themselves
for relief. In some instances it has been found
possible to return these persons to th'j coun
ties where they belong ; but in most cases the
dictates of humanity have demanded that ;
they should be taken in and cared for. and
this has been done. This has materially iu
creased • the number of inmates of the In
firmary and Almhouse. Resident physicians
in different parts of the county have been
employed by the board so that the afflicted
poor ol all sections mirrht have equal oppor
tunity for medicnl treatment. All of tnese
things have cost money, but. as heretofore re
marked, the expenditure has been in the
interest of humanity and has not been com
plained of by the taxpayers. The cost has
been more than usual during the past three
years, owinsr to the stagnation of bu-.iness and
consequent hsrd times. The prospect of a re
vival iv all oranehes of industry makes it
probable that the expense in this department
may be materially lessened; but, at all events,
the deserving poor should be cared for In as
liberal a manner a* the condition of the county
will permit.
DIBEASE IN CATTLE.
About two years ago the San Jose Grange
called the attention 01 the board to the fact
that the presence oi tuberculosis had been
delected in seme of the cattle herds of this
couniy, and particularly among cows -from
which milk was being, supplied to consumers,
and asked the boaru to take action in the
premises. An - investigation was promptly
made, and as soon as the facts were fully ;
ascertained a veterinary inspector and health i
officer . was appointed and a campaign in
augurated against t^e deadly disease. There
was some delny experienced in procuring
supplies of the tuberculin test material and by
the opposition on the part of some of the
cattle-owners to the iuFpection of their herds.
Tne real practical work in the field began in
March, 1896. Since that time 3203 head of
cattle have been inspected, 01 which 450 were !
condemned as tuberculous. The inspector |
nas also condemned twenty-one horses as
giandcred. investigated and abated numerous
nuisances, and has made systematic and fre
quent inspection 01 slaughter- houses and
dairies. Of the cattle condemned and killed
as tuberculous about 300 were cows giving
milk, and it is estimated that these furnished
about 900 gallons daily, which were consumed
I by the people. The energetic measures taken
! by the boarawiil promptly drive the disease
I lrom our herds, and Santa Clara County will
soon be as famous for its pure milk and dairy
products as It is now for the excellence of its
fruit. ,
PROTECTION OF ORCHARDS.
During the last twelve years tne county has
changed from grain-growing and general larm
ing to a fruit-growing community. Horticul
ture has become the dominant industry. This
transformation was recognized by the board as
soon as the change commenced and such aid
has been given to the new enterprise asitspro
i moters h-ive recommended and the iaw per
mitted. On the suggestion ol the fruit-growers
a Horticultural Commission has been main
tained lrom time to time by the board. The j
work done by the inspector has been efficient, j
His duty has' been principally to prevent the j
introduction of insect pests and diseased trees
I and ihe extermination of those which have ;
al ready found lodgment in our orchards aiid |
vineyards. His efforts have been ably sec- !
onded by the fruit-growers themselves, and
the result Is that the orchards of Santa Cara
County are more free from these euemie's than
those of auy othor county in the State.
FISH AND GAME.
The preservation of fish and game is a mat
ter of conceded importance, uotonly for the
purpose of preventing the destruction of a
food supply, but In order to furnish riealthiul
recreation lor the people at home and to add
to the attractiveness of the county to the peo
ple abroa'l. Many hundreds vof dollars have
been annually taken out of the county by our
citizens who seek the recreation of hunting
j an«i fi>htng in other lacaiities. If the laws
I now existing are rigidly enforced this sport
can be furnished within our own borders, not
only to our own people, but our advantages
will entice to v* a. large number of sportsmen
from abroad, and the money expended here
i will add no small amount to our income. The !
j efforts already made by the board iv thU di- !
rection have borne good fruit. The work per- j
formed by the Game Warden, although he \
has been in office lew than two years, has had j
a marked effei-t. The replenishing of our
streams with trout and the nddition to our
list of many rare varieties of game and song
bir.'.s have called attention to our county in
different portions cf the country where our
existence nas been previously unknown.
During n is term of service the Game Warden j
ha* secured and planted in our streams 300,
--000 young tro*ii. He has also secured ninety
pairs of Chinese pheasants UTo-d and silver).
Tnese birds are breeding well and wiil soon be
in plentiful supply, if properly protected. He
has also secured sever.ty-three pairs of English
skylarks, twenty pairs of Pek in nightingales ;
or bu.buis eleven cardinals, two pairs of zebra !
doves, two pairs of golden quan, six pairs of j
Southern mocking birds and specimens of |
other rare song and game birds, ail ot them in- i
sectivorous ami whicn will be incidentally an j
aid to the iruit-growers. These bird 3 have |
been gathered not culy from America but |
also from foreign countries, and the corre
spondence incident to tbeir procurement has
served as an excellent advertisement for our
county. The Game Warden is continually in
receipt of letters from all parts of the world in
dicating tnat a successful issue of his efforts i
will make Santa Clara County a favorite resort j
lor wealthy tourists. All of this stock, both
fish ami birds, has been procured by him with- |
out cost to ths county, and tue system of ex
changes which he lias arranged with the dif
ferent acclimatization societies wtll insure a
continuous supply of everything that is desira
ble in this department, and without expense
to the people. As a business proposition, leav
ing out the question of sentiment altogether,
1 think the efforts of the board in this direc
tion will result in great profit to the county.
ADVERTISING THE COUNTY.
The duty of spreading abroad information
concerning the resources of the county has
not been neglected by th-e board. The annual
appropriation permitted by law for this pur
pose has, in my opinion, been wisely ex- j
peucled. It has been distributed turough
channels too numerous to be detailed in this
j report, Dut which have received the indorse
i meat and the approval of tne taxpuycrs geu-
I eruily and of the public societies and boards
I organized for the purpose of inducing immi
i graiion and finding a market for the products j
of our orchards and vineyards and other in- |
duttriea, The appropriations by the board for |
, this purpose enabled the county to be effect- |
ively represented at the World's Columbian j
' Kxpositiou at Chicago, at the Midwinter Fair j
at San Francisco and at the World's Industrial
Exposiiion a; Atlanta, Ga. I think this money
, wisely expended. It nas caused our county to
become widoiy known in tne older States and
has been returned to us several times over in
the new money brought here by the people
who have been induced by your efforts to
make their home in this community and has
done much toward extending the market for
the products of thecuuntr.
HALL OF RECORDS.
One of the most important as well as the
most valuable improvements that have been
added to the county during the term of my
s*rv.ce as Supervisor is the construction and
furnishing of the Hall of Records. The neces
sity for a i^uildlng of tiiis character had been
apparent lor severnl of years, and petitions
asking that the work be done, and signed by
prominent taxpayers and persons interested
in the safe keeping of the public records, had
been presented lrom time to time. But the
board did not sec its way clearly to the r.on
summ.ition of the projjet without heavy bur
den to the taxpayers until 1883, at which
time it purchase 1 the lot adjoining thfi Coun
house, paying therefor the sum of $50,000.
At the time of this purchase there was seme
nritic;smof theaciion of the board based on the
fact that a lew years previously ihe lot eouid
have been bought at a considerably less price,
i'.ut ti.is criticism was more ol a political than
of a business character. The people fully un
derstood that there had been a large advance
In values ol all kinds of property ; that the lot
was the only one available for the purpose and
«as well worth the pric* paid.
By tha tax levy of 1889-IS9O the purchase
money for the lot was folly paid and In 1800
the construction of the buiMing was com
menced. In May ol that yenr the contract for
the foundation was awarded for $30,499. Iv
October the contract for the superstructure
wbb awarded for .$162,000. In December,
1892, the contract ior tue metallic furniture
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JANUARY 5, 1897.
was awarded for $11,715 72, • and in the same
month was also let the contract for. vault
fronts and doors for $37G0. . Marble wains
coting wis a separate' contract' and was let in
May. 1893, for $1500, and this, with the pur
chase oi a safe for tue Treasurer's olfice, com
p.cted the building, the aggregate expenditure
bein? $211,474 72 for the building and
$50,000 for tno lot. making a grand total of
$•201,474 72.
I mention the construction oi this building
with much pride from the fact that it is, ns
tar as I have been able to as-certain, the only
work of equal magnitude in the State that has
ever been carried through to completion with
out issuing bonds or causing a stringency in
the ' treasury. '. Every just claim was paid in
coin promptly on presentation and, when the
building was" finished,. it was fully paid, for,
and this withontany material increase In the
rato of taxation or tor^o .ving money 111 any
manner. This noble building, which marks
the progress of the community, is also a
monument to the energy, business intelligence
and fidelity to the public -interests of the
board under whose administration ;it was
erected. I believe that the people of the
couniy so understand it and appreciate the
work you have so well performed for their
benefit. ■ - ' , * '
OTHEK PUBLIC BCILDINGS. '
■ In addition to the construction of the Hall
of Records many improvements and altera
tions have been made and new buildings
erected at the County Hospital and County
AlmsiiousL-. Among the most important of
these are:
Tnnkbooses at Almsnoute .- SI, 179
Additional ctorraUory building at the
Altrishonse.. ..... 4,404
Cottage at the Altushouse ... ...... ...... 1,845
Hrick storehouse at Alrusbouse.... 3,700
Br.ck dormitory, dining-room and kitchen
«t infirmary............ .'."..'....• 6,480
Morgue at infirmary 700
'1 wo- story addition to hospital 6,047
Jail at SnntaUara. 3,000
Total $26,355
COUNTY INDEBTEDNESS.
It will be seen by ths foregoing review of the '
business of the several denartm'nts under the
jurisdiction of the board tnat the county has
during the last twelve years kept fully abreast i
of the times. Much additional property has
been acquired and the improvements made
in all respects equal and in many re
spects superior to those . of any other
county in the State. This showing is as
Gratifying to the board as it must necessarily
te to the people who furnished the money to
accomplish the work and who can see in the
result value received for every dollar they
have paid into the county treasury. It is no
less gratiiying to know that all these things
have been accomplished without imposinc ex
tra burden upon the taxpayers. During the
term indicated the rate of taxation has been
kept aown to the lowest point commensurate
with intelligent economy. During that time
but nine counties in the Mate have had as low
a tax rate as Santa Clara County nnd but three
of them lower. No debt oi any character hns
been created. On the contrary, a large por
tion of the old debt has been extinguished.
On the Ist day ot January, 1885, the bonded
indebtedness of the county wai as follows: '
Chabacteb or Bonds.
>
■ 3 '':
c
c
■ . D ' ' ■
I [
i
If
: r
• <»
>
a =
" c
jr
If
a a ■
Western Pacific Kail-
road bonds
Lick avenue bonds
Court booae and Jail
bonds, ]87ti
Funding bouds of 1883
Connhouse and Jail
bonds. 1886
f 155, 0.10 00
3i.u65 bU
59.030 00
8&.500 0U
7
7
I 5
910,850
! 4,120
4,425
3.360
66.000 01
6
Total indebtedness.
$389,665 tO
|jf2-.',765
During the first year of my membership on
this honorable board $10,000 of the Western
Pacific Ruiiroail bonds were redeemed and the
remaining $145,000 were refunded, as follows:
$45,000, with interest reduced from 7 to 4WJ
per cent, nnd $100,000, with interest reduceu
from 7to 4 percent; thus reducing the total
annual interest charge on these bonds from
$10,850 to $6025.
During thy next five years, or up to July 1,
18yO, there were redeemed of the Courthouse
ana Jail bonds of 1876 the amount of $14,000.
The remaining $45,000 was refunded, with
interest reduced irom 7 to 4)< per cent; re
ducing Ihe annual interest cnurge on tnese
bonds from $413L> to $3005.
Since that time bonds huve been redeemed
until the indebtedness ol the county has been
reduced to $112,000, of which $59000 bears
4J-j per cent interest and $53,000 bears 4 per
ceut interest. The reduction in the debt and
tne saving in annual interest chargo is shown
as follows:
■
Ykab.
Debt.
Annual
Interest
Charge.
1885
Ifc96
.65 6)
$-.*U,765 00
4,77j 00
Debt paid and annual
interest saved
$277,565 60
f 17,990 00
In other words, the county has paid off
$277,505 CO of its debt and saved $17,990 per
year in interest.
Tne county has no floating debt, and every
claim allowed by the board has been paid on
piesen union to the Treasurer. And, While
this hMS been done, the value of the property
owned by the county In its own right has been
increased from $422,000 to $890,000. and the
rate oi taxation has b.-eu kept lower thau that
of most of 4he counties in the State.
The permanent Improvements of the county
{ being now in such an advanced state, I have
! no doubt but that the board will be called
I upon for very little expenditure in this direc
! tion in the near future, and that it will be on
! abled to make a material reduction in the rate
of taxation, and even then pay off the entire
debt during the next four years.
IN CONCLUSION.
Under the facts disclosed by the foregoing
brief statements I think 1 am warranted in
! congratulating the board on the result of its
j labors. You have maintained the position cf
! the county iv the front rank in the inarch oi
progress. All of its institutions ure iv good
working condition. You have added more
than 100 p_r cent to the value of the county
property, rednce^ the county debt more than
i 70 per cent and the annual interest charge
j more than 75 per cent, and have, substan
; Hully, maintaired the tax rate at a lower
j figure than that of any other county in the
i State. In the meantime every warrant against
i the county has been promptly paid upon pre
sentation. These are achievements nnequaled I
by any other county in California, and could
not have bsen accomplished except for the
hearty co-operation oi the taxpayers, whose
intelligence and public spirit have enabled
them to comprehend the object of your efforts
and to strengthen your hands.
And to the nress of the county also much
I credit is due. Tne newspapers generally have
co-operated with the board in Us efforts and
have rendered valuable assistance. There has
been some adverse criticism of your work in
the local journals, but such occurrences have
been infrequent, and oalv during heated po
iitical campaigns, when zea) lor party tempo
rarily obscured the editorial vision. But when
the partisan smoke has cleared lrom the polit
ical battlefield the presi has been quics to
recognize the good work done by the board
and to join its influence to your efforts In the
endeavor to secure for the county an economi
cal and at the same lime a progressive admin
istration of public affairs.
I desire personally to extend my thanks to
each member of the board and all county
officers for uniform courtesy accorded me dur
] Inir the time In which I have been a member
of your honoroble bi'dy, and particularly dur
ing the time in which I have had the honor to
preside over your deliberations. I retire with
the kindliest feeling for each of you. In on
clusion I will express for myself and for each
of you the confidence that the work done by
i the board in the past will be fully equaled
|by the work done in the future. My personal
I knowledge of the character of the new mem-
I bers of the board for intelligence, energy,
! fidelity and progresslveness. Fives full warrant
j lor this prediction. Respectfully submitted,
a. Greeninger,
Chairman of the Board of Supervisors oi Santa
[ Clara County.
TO END COSTLY LITIGATION.
Varied Interests of Miller & Lux Are to
Be Combined in One Great
Corporation.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Jan. 4.— lt }s proposed
to form of the varied interests of Miller &
Lux a mammoth corporation. Papers
have already been drawn up and it is said
the deal will be completed within a few
days. The arrangement would end the
costly litigation that has involved the
estate since the death of Charles W. Lux.
The capital stock of the proposed corpora
tion will be $12,000,000. which is considered
a conservative estimate of the value of the
estate, and the s:ock will he issued o n a
basis proportionate to the present owner
ship of the business. Henry Miller, the
survivine partner, will receive $6,000,000 in
stock ns his share. One-half of the re
maining 16.000, C00 will go to the five
brothers an<i enters of Charles W. Lux,
Mrs. Miranda W. Lux receiving the other
half.
Henry Mil.er is to be president and
eeneral manaeer and a director ex officio.
J. Leroy Nickel, Erwin G. Rudolph and
Jesse Sheldon Potter, son of Mrs. Charles
Lux, will also represent the Miller inter
nals on the board of directors, Henry Lux
of San Jose acting for the German heirs
and Attorney Thorn% B. Bishop repre
senting the interests of Mrs. Miranda W.
Lux.'widow of Charles Lux. Dr. Azro N.
Lewis niuy be selected as the seventh di
rector by the joint Lux interests. Jesse
Sheldon Potter will, it is said, superin
tend the Butchertown itnero ts of the con
cern, and good places will be provided for
Nickel, Rudolph, Henry Lux and other
connections.
The property is to be gradually sold, the
proceeds to be placed in a trust fund lor
eventual distribution amonir the stock
holders. The new corporation will retain
the name of Miller & Lux.
CLARK RESIDENCE ABLAZE.
Flames Badly Damage the Magnificent
Dwelling Before They Are
Controled.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Jan. 4— The magnifi
cent residence of the W. S. Clark estate ai
the corner of the Alameda and Schiele
avenue, had a narrow escape from destruc
tion by fire last night. As it was, the uam
ace to the house, furniture and carpets
will reach $5000.
About 11:30 o'clock the odor of some
thing burning aroused the suspicion of
thu inmates, and on investi ating they
found fire between the walls back oi the
fireplace in the library. Southard Hoff
man, a prominent society young man of
San Francisco, who was visiting at the
house, secured an ax and cut out the wall.
When the rrandailville Fire Company
arrived Mr. Hoffman assumed the man
agement of tiie lire-fighters and did valiant
work in saving the house. It was neces
sary to cut away the floor and walls in the
second story and a great deal of damage
was done by water. After three-quarters
of an hour the tire was put out.
The house is occupied by the Misses
Alice, May, Grace and Belle Chirk. Squier
Clark, a little brother, and William Dun
can, an uncle. The loss is covered by in
surance.
INDIAN PICTURES NEAR ALTURAS.
Discovery of Strange Hieroglyphics Caned
in the Side of a Rocky
Bluff.
PORTLAND, Or., Jai:. 4.-W. B. Whit
temore while in Alturas recently discov
ered some remarkable hieroglyphics about
fif'een miles northeast from the north end
of Warner Valley on the edge of what is
loccally known as the "desert" in Lake
County. Mr. Whittemore is one of the
officers and principal owners of the War
ner Valley Stock Company, and is thor
oughly conversant with the locality. He
says the hieroglyphics had been cut with
a >haro instrument in the surface of the
hard basaltic rock. They cover the face
of the buff for a distance of about three
miles, and consist of pictures of Indians
with bows, arrows and spears, besides
deer, antelope, dogs and wolves, geese,
ducks, swan and reptiles of various kinds.
Intermingled with these animals are char
acters which, of course, he could not de
cipher. He says that the execution of
the p.ctures was very good, and he is sat
i-fieil tnat it could not have been the
work of ordinary Indians. Throughont
the entire distance the characters and pic
tures are in rows.
The Indians of the vicinity have no
knowledge of the meaning of the hiero
glyphics or of the people who ages ago
chiseled them on the surface of the rocks.
One old Indian saiit there was a tradition
among his tribesmen that many ages ago a
people came tiier? who were very bad.
They remained for a lone time and went
away— whither he knew not.
Who were those stranee, bad people?
They were not, as Mr. Whittemore says,
ordinary Indians, for their Knowledge of
sculpture could never have enabled them
to execute the pictures so remarkably true
to nature. From the description given,
the picture- writing bears a close resem
blance to those found in Mexico and Cen
tral America. If this supposition is true,
a careful study might reveal to the archae
ologist some insight into the origin or
wanderings of a dead and forgotten civili
zation.
BOLD ROBBERY AT ALBINA.
Masked Men Compel Thr&e Laborers to
Surrender Their Week's Wages
on Payday.
PORTLAND, Ob.. Jan. 4.— Two armed
men this evening, at 5:45 o'clock, held up
L. E. Snell, J. Mover and A. J. Kirkland, j
employes at the Portland flourlng-mills at
Albina, robbing them of $80, their aggre
gate week's wages. When the men were
ordered to deliver Kirklana ran back to
join his fellow-workmen in the rear, to
summon them to the assistance of the
other two, but a threat to shoot him en
forc <1 his return. The men in the rear, j
seeing the dilemma of those ahead, beat a
hasty retreat, and one of th« thugs fired
at them without doing any injury.
The three victims begged to be allowed
to retain part of their money, as they re- !
quired it ior their families, but not a i
nickel was left to them. This was pay- i
day at the mill, and the roboers, who were !
quite loquacious while searching their |
victims, remarked that it had been their I
purpose to raid the mill office, but there !
were too many men to cope with.
This bold affair has created intense ex- '
citement in Albina, and several posses of
citizens and detectives are searching the '
contiguous country. The victims of the
robbery claim to be able to identify the ,
robbers on sight.
WEI) H AT CLOTEKIiALE.
Quiet Marriage of Ihotnaa Shurlleff and
Mrs. M. E. Stevens.
CLOVERDALE, Cal., Jen. 4— Tbomns
Shurtleff of Nevada City and Mrs. M. E.
Stevens of this place were married here on
New Year's eve, at the residence of the
bride's father, L. Farmer, by the Rev. J. I
T. Shurtleff, rector of the Jocal Episcopal j
Church. Even the most intimate of |
the many friends of the couple had an ink- ;
'ing of the marriage until to-day, when \
Mr. and Mrs. Shurtleff started on their I
wedding trip. Mr. Shurtleff is an old j
pioneer, and a retired merchant, well
known throughout the northern mining >
counties. H« is the father of the Rev. J.
T. Shurtleff, .prominent in Episcopal
church circles. The bride until two
years ago resided in Truckee, where she
hns many friends. Mr. and Mrs. Shurt
laft, with their two daughters. Miss Helen
ShurtlefF and Miss Florence Stevens, will
reside in Nevada City.
Jone* Arraigned at Carton.
CARSON, Nev., Jan. 4.-^-The case ot
Charles Jones, the United States District
Attorney, charged with assault witli brass
knuckles on Editor Sam D<ivis of the
Appeal, was called in the District Court
to-day. The defendant's attorneys de
murred to the jurisdiction of the court,
holding that the assault took place on
Government cronnd. Judge Mack over
ruled the domurrer. They next demurred
to the indictment on the ground that brass
knuckles did not constitute a deadly
weapon. This was also overruled, and the
defendant was ordered to appear for trial
on February 1.
Santa Cruz Salmon Catch.
SANTA CRUZ, Cal., Jan. 4.— One of j
the largest catches of salmon ever made in
Santa Cruz Bay was that of ihis morning, I
the haul being near 400. There is a glut i
oi salmon hero and iresn. fish is remarka- j
bly cheap. The weather v/as calm and !
the bay presented an nppearance akin to j
glftM Fishermen predict a few days of
remarkable salmon lishinji.
Murderer taught at Gllman.
SEATTLE, Wash.. Jan. 4.— Sheriff Van :
de Vanter to-day arrested at Oilman, this !
county, George H. Thouius, wanted for j
murder in Garnett, Kaus.
CRUELLY LUSHED
BY WHITECAPS
Idaho Rancher Taken From
His Residence and
Flogged.
Believed to Be Dying From the
Effects of a Brutal
Beating.
Was Accused of Causing Discord in
tbe Home of a Neighboring
Farmer.
SPOKANE, Wash , Jan. 4.— C. W. Red
dick, f prosperous young farmer near
Newport, Idaho, who was said to have
been on too intimate terms with the wife
of his neighbor, a rancher named Cusick,
was visited at his home by a gang of
whitecaps last night. They dragged him
out into the timber close by, and despite
his protestations of innocence, brutally
beat him with clubs and Jashed him with
rawhides until he was insensible.
There is little hopo of his recovery.
The whitecaps are known and will be
made to answer for their crime.
Newport is just across the Idaho line
and about fony miles from Spokane. Red
dick lives but a few miles from Newport.
Cusick, his neighbor, was married only
recently. Reddick was a frequent visitor
at the Cusick ranch, and soon the tongues
of scandal-monuers were unloosed. Their
talk reached the husband's ears and a do
mestic quarrel followed.
Cusick summoned a number of friends,
and they decided to become judge, ju-y
and executioner. Reddick was warned to
leave the county, but paid little attention
to the threat. Last night ne was awakened
by a knocking at his door. Supposing
that one of the neighbors had met with
an accident, he arose and opened the door.
Instantly he was seized by a dozen
strong hands and dragged outside. Red
dick foueht desperately, but was auickly
overpowered. Half stunned by a shower
of blows the helpless man was dragged to
a spot a short distance from the house
and there given a terrible beating.
Clubs and horsewhips were used, the
lashes cutting to ribbons Reddick's
nitrhtrobe and sinking deep into the flesh.
His shrieks of agony were answered by
jeers and laughter and fresh blows upon
his bleeding body.
Not until tbe victim was a mass of cats
and bruises and fainting under the tor
ture did tbe mob grow weary of its brutal
work. Then, with final warnings that if
he did not keep away from his neighbors
house they would return %nd bane him,
the raiders mounted horses tied In the
bushes near at hand and rode away.
Naked, dumb with cold, and suffering
tortures Reddick finally succeeded in
crawling back to his house. Friends found
hiru and oared lor him as best they could,
but owing to the terrible injuries he had
received, the exposure and the delay be
fore medical assistance could be sum
moned, it i 3 feared that he niav not re
cover. His body is covered with gashes
and he suffers excruciating pain. The
greatest danger 13 that blood poisoning
may set in.
The neighbors are indignant over the
affair, and the entire population has tauen
sides. Many threats have been made, and
more trouble is looked for. Word has been
sent to Rathdrum, the county seht, and
the Sheriff and a posse have gone to the
scene. The ringleader of the outrage is
known, but his friends say they will not
allow him to be taken. The county is
hilly and rocky, and should the so-called
vigilantes make a stand in the hills they
could hold a larjre number at bay.
Covflar/rntiort .\ear Sequel
SANTA CRUZ, Cal., Jan. 4.— A barn
and seventy tons of hay. with some farm
utensils, were destroyed by fire on the
NEW TO-DAY CLOTHING.
(| 3E=»:Et.X-rrE5iS YOU OA-TXT'T ZG-JXTOIIE. g
GREATEST BUTCHERY IN PRICES
OF FINE CLOTHING ever known in the West. This whole wreck of prices
is the result of our determined efforts to get out— and get out quickly.
The -savers of this section cannot ignore these prices for
HIGH=CLASSvTAILOR=MADE SUITS.
Picture to your mind the very finest suit you ever knew— tell us your
mind— we'll show you the suit. WE'RE NOT OFFERING CHEAP CLOTH-
ING—BUT THE BEST CLOTHING CHEAP.
;T~cv You'll feeT -^ «o A forced r
I■sL At home. SUMffIERFIELD J3 Sale \
2 /]\/y l\ UVIUVI _ -■■■„■« /\\M/ \a. Forcibly emphasized by 9 •
'I TA \ „ ,„ . w Ofin I \\r/ \l*f a saving of easily y^ to Bft
? * '/ [d\ "•-' You'll one of these Vi ' l!|l- / \ AA/ every purcha,er. BS
iJ I P- V 1 suits home. Choice of IV 11 1 1 fit! O,^ - ... .. >. , 3E<
m \ I [} f" r •SrL re Mhi aad Wln * ■v ■ lit I xy All Mast Move. I
I"- \'\ h/ '■ • lerBtOCkOtthe '-' n i TiiirmTm : ' \AA\ . Another i« «. |h
» ' tl\ Very Best Snits (jAnllliM Wa c • Biguciass Snits. h
H /l\. \ : '- - , ■ • ■ , /1 \ They were made np with |5
m / IVJ Ail-Wool Scotch and _ ■__ _ f 1 \ - as ranch as our best. I■*
£ t \ \I - ' KnglUh: Cheviots, plain' TG3 I > They'ra stvli^h-cut Kar- 9
v . V.l , and fancy worsteds and XK«^ | I' ments Id cheviots, serges |«
! ■/-:;■ \VI I ■- gray wool mixtures. . I • and worsteds. I'hev were V■»
W '■''-'■"■ \\ They should bring f 18, '. I 110011 ■ ' - U intended • onr $14 and B©
«» • . \\| -• •'■ $20 and :% 23. To. move, J\ .li(l|||| ,' \\ . $15 suits. . They must go Bft
fi ' \ , 'em, H UUUJJ \ quickly at, ' Bri
- f_ SlO. GARMENT, iivi 56.50. -
$^ CZUZ THEY'RE A GIFT AT SUCH A PRICE .^ Vi CZEZ
r It 1^ *J An Immense Line of Men's All-Wool Suits, well made, 7*P| LJL VJ c J
■ ■*■' ■ V^ V^ stylish garments, of good material, well worth $9 to $10, :^|*^ "'^"X^^^
BOYS' LOSB-PAHTS SUITS. I FOR BOYS. ! BOYS' SUITS
U , UW ' IM _1JI! "M ■ , 1000 pairs Boy ' Knee Pants. To describe- That never sokl l for less than $2 60 w.'U QCC
Ages 1«3 to 19 ypars. Intended for our ©O-35 'en. ihey've always heen cheap as 60c ■ OQC ' n"O out at vtwiv'/i Fntt'snvft "^
1J $t>and $7 50 grade, n0w;:.:..".... ijpO-— ■ • ' , and 60c. Now.. 1 ..:..............:.... — >O! - E\bhYTHIN(, FOR BUia. .
Losses are unavoidable to effect a removal of such an immense stock.
Make it your gain if you will.
| TH^g* THUS XT'fil -yaTTTF*. TIIWI 1
Thurber rancii, teyond Soquel, last night.
The property belonged to Mrs. Lucretia
Tiurbsr, widow of Henry Thurber. Her
son, Henry, who manages the ranch, is of
the opinion that the place was set afire by
trnmps. The damage will amount toabout
$2000.
WILLIS DYING AT HONOLULU.
Advices From the Hawaiian Capital State
That the Minister's Death Was
Momentarily Expected.
VICTORIA, B. C, Jan. 4.— The steam
ship Miowera, which arrived to-day from
Honolulu, brought advices to the effect
that at the time of the vessel's departure
from Honolulu. United States Minister
Willis, whose condition for some time had
been very serious, was given up by his
physicians, and his demise was momen
tarily expected. Mucli sympathy was
expressed by the residents, as the Minister
was very popular, both in his private life
and in his official capacity.
Alt Ay/>M.ltbOS JOKELET.
Residents Excited Over What Thru Be-
licred to Ilnre lire it Hitrder.
ANDERSON, Gal., Jan. 4.— Some prac
tical joker, lacking in that qualification
sometimes termed horse sense, created
the wildest excitement in Anderson this
morning and kept the village Constable
and a corps of assistants on a vain quest
all day.
The excitement was caused by the find
ing on the porch of the pubiic school
house of blood-stained garments, - while
the appearance of the porch and the steps
leading to it indicated that there had been
a desperate struggle for lile.
A gory trail led from the 'steps to a
near-by well, as though a body had been
dragged along, and tue reddish imprints
of a man's hands on the cord and the
bucket added their mate testimony to
prove thai a crime had been committed.
The well was dragged, but no body was
brought co the surface of the water, and a
most diligent search of the vicinity proved
fruitless. -
To-night it was learned that the local
constable and the public as well Lad been
duped. The authorities know who the
joker is, and there is a possibility that he
will be arrested for defacing school prop
erty.
aAy JOAQUI>'S OFFICIALS.
Recently Elected Snperviiora Tnhe lheir
Seat* and Oust Subordinates. ■
STOCKTON, Cal., Jan. 4. — The new
Board of Supervisors went into office to
day and the old one went out. James A.
Shepherd was absent, being on a sick bed
at Lathrop, and this left but one Demo
crat on the board— D. C. Shepherd. He
nominated Hemphill for chairman, as a
"joker" on Henderson, whom the Repub
licans had decided . on. As it requires
three votes to elect a chairman this move
forced Henderson to vote for himself. . !
. The new chairman immediately drew a
list of the new committees from his pocket
and from this list he at once made ap
pointment?. In not one case was n Demo
crat named as chairman of a committee.
As soon as the newly organized board
was called to order this afternoon a gen
eral and sweeping decapitation took place.
The courthouse gardener was replaced,
the janitor's office given to anotner man,
and so on all along tiie line.
Surd by ktoekton JL.anef- Otrnert.
STOCKTON, Cal., Jan 4.— The Valley
road this afternoon was sued for $20,230,
that being the aggregate amount of dam
ages asked in six separate suits. The com
plaints were lileu by property-owneis
along Taylor street, whose premises, they
claim, have been damaged by ;he raisin;;
of the grade of the thoroughfare to that
forming the bed of the road. The plain
tiffs and the amount of damages asked by
each are a* follows: Franklin Davis,
$3230. James Darcy ami John Finnan, slooo;
A. \V. Simpson and George Gray, $9450;
El ward L. Brown, $1000; Elmer" Miller,
$2650, and Margaret Fox, $3000.
£s«i</rt« hut One Office.
SACRAMENTO. Cal., Jan. 4.— L. M.
Landaborougb, who was recently indicted
by the Grind Jury on two counts, forgery
and the fraudulent manipulation of jury
warran's. to-day handed in his resigna
tion as Deuuty County Clerk. It will be
accepted. Landsborough took bis seat in
the Legislature to-day as Assemblyman
from the Twenty-second district.
Burglar* lioot a 2>apa Residence. !
NAPA, Cal., Jan. 4. — Burglars last
night entered the residence of Mrs. Emily
James. All bedrooms of the uouse were
ransacked, none of the inmates being
awaken d. The burglars took a gold
watch and chain, an overcoat and a few
dollars in money belonging to Ed James
of ban Francisco.
BRAVED DEATH TO
FACE THE ALTAR
lOn a Brakebeam an Old
Man Starts to His
Wedding.
Cars Give a Lurch and His Eody
Is Mangled Under the
Wheels.
Thtfush Penniless, H Had Determined
Net to Dis^pp int His In
tended Bri e.
PORTLAND, Or., Jan. 4.— Determined
to keep his marriage engagement whether
he had a penny or not Charles Sawtella
started from Spokane on Monday of iast
week to beat his way to Portland. He has
arrived — that is, his n. angled body is here
lying upon a slab in tne morgue.
Sawielie was a paper-hanger, a hard
working, industrious fellow for a man of
his years — he was aged 63. For a number
of years he had lived in Portland, but
work becoming scarce tie removed to Spo
kane. In fact the move that sent him
away was the same that was bringing him
back, for while here ho had become en
gaged to Anna Birchraan, working a3 a
domestic in the family of H. 8. Guild, at
686 Twenty-first street. It was the hope
of making a home for himself and brido
in Spokane that led Sawtelle t lther. The
wedding ilav had been set for early In
, January, 1597, and the paper-hanger, dis
appointed in his search for <mp!oyment
and being penniless, determined at all
hazards not to disappoint his intended as
to the marriage, and he started lor Port
land by the brakebeani route.
He had never attempted anything of tho
kind before, and bis mani.est ignorance
of hobo traveling attracting the attention
of the brakomen. On Friday last he was
put off an engine, on to the tender of
which he had clambered at Monber.
There a brakeman, taking pity on the
old man's evident inability to handlo
himself about a train, advised Sawtelle to
travel by the night freight, and he would
not be so apt to be detected. Sawtelle evi
dently followed the advice, placing him
self between the two cars.
On reacninsr the grade near Clarnie
station the engineer of the freight on
which the old paper-hanger was riding
took up the slack of his train. The jerk
came unexpectedly to Sawtelle, anil before
he could grasp anything in the darkness
he was on the tracks, with the wheels
crushing his body.
Zoa An/jflen Church Trvubl:
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Jan. 4.— The
I board of directors of Simpson Memorial
j Church deny the story that the Rev. Dr.
j McLean, the pastor, is to be deposed from
1 the puipit and made to await the action of
I the conference because of his crusade
against immorality in this city in connec
tion with, the Parkhurst Society. The
story is branded as a falsehood, and in ex
planation it is said that McLean was
called to San Francisco to see the Bishop
in reference to the debt of the Simpson
Church. It is certain that McLsan will
ba retained untii the next conference.
yr.ratla'tt ftrnntorial Fight.
CARSON, Nev., Jan. 4.— Nate Hummel,
editor of th? Wadsworth Dispatch, wna
interviewed on the Nevada Senatorial
fight to-day. He claims that Nixon of
Winnemucca has twenty votes pledged,
and will have 100 lobbyists in Carson
when the Legislature meets to fight Sena
tor Jones, solely on the ground that Jonea
is a resident of California.
Jiail Accident at Lorn Angeles.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Jan. 4.— Charles
Codori, an editor of Phoenix, attempted
to board a Southern Pacific train to-day,
but fell under the wheels. His right leg
was cut off at the knee.
56
&I 0 rnn • <&U
TVE.-D4.Y JANCARV 5, 1897
CHARLES M. SHOKTRIDGE,
Editor and Proprietor.
SUBSCRIPTION RATES-Postage Free:
Pally and Sunday Call, one week, by carrier..
Daily and Sunday Call, one year, by mail — 6.00
Daily and Sunday Caix, six months, by mail.. 3.00
Daily and Sunday Cal... three months by mail 1.50
I'.aily and Sunday Call, one month, by mail.. .65
Sunday Call, one year, by mail 1-80
Yv t^KLY Call, one year, by mall l>6o
BUSINESS OFFICE:
710 Market Street,
San Francisco, California.
Telephone.. Maln-1868
EDITORIAL ROOMS:
517 Clay Street.
Telephone Main-1874
BRANCH OFFICES: •
827 Mont.-ouiery street, corner Clay; open until
8:80 o'clock. >J:' : :
339 Hajes street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
713 Larkin street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
t-V. . corner KUteenth and Mission streeta; open
until 9 o'clock.
2518 Mission street: open until 9 o'clock.
11( -Nimo bin-fi; open until 9 o'clock.
OAKLAND OFFICB:
608 Broadway.
EASTERN OFFICE:
Booms SI nnd S3, 34 lark now, New York City.
DAVID M. FCLTZ, Eastern Manager.
UtE CALL SPEAKS FOR ALL.
Politics is everywhere.
Sacramento feels as big as Washington.
Clearance sales keep the money moving.
Republican, harmony is the watchword.
There will De good legislation this ses
sion.
Give us a Senator who will illustrate
young California.
The lull in trade will soon make way for
the spring revival.
Speaker Coombs can be counted on for
business and economy.
The people exp.-ct this to be the Legis
lature of a thousand good works.
The East is wrestling with blizzards
wiiile we are talking of festivals.
The legislators will not take snap judg
ment in the choice for a Senator.
The funding-bill fight opens in Congress
this week, but the end is a long way off.
Not much i 3 expected of this session of
Congress, but it may be a surprise party.
Pushball is one of the novelties of the
season which will lind plenty of people to
push it along.
Truckee is getting her ice palace ready,
and tne fun will soon be moving on the
toboggan slide.
Mayor Phelan's address was good, and
now let us hope he can get the Supervisors
to help him live up to it.
Cleveland is getting ready to move out
and McKintey to move in, and both move
ments are pleasing to the people.
• California snould be represented in the
United Slates Senate by a man who can
speak for her interests and Bpeak convinc
ingly.
The Republicans cf the Legislature
suouH elect to the Senate a man who can
harmonize all factions and unite the
party.
It is announced that McKinley will not
make up his Cabinet until March 1, so
there will be a good deai of time yet to
continue the guessing contest.
General "Weyler has once more returned
to Havana, and, as he wili not explain
why he did so, it is probable he only de
sired to take a little exercise for his health.
The man whom the leaders of all fac
tions of the Republican party support for
the Senate is the man who should be
elected by the Republicans of lhe Legisla
ture.
The triumph of the moderate Republi
cans and the defeat of the Radicals in the
French elections is another evidence of
the conservatism of the age. The agita
tor is listened to when he talks, but he
gains no votes.
From the eagerness with which the Ex
aminer is taking part in the Senatorial
contest among Republicans it would
seem to have a desire to become a Repub
lican organ, but the chances are it is
only another fake.
The Merchants' Association promises to
direct its attention to further street im
provement, and the promise is the more
welcome because the accomplishments of
the association in the past give a guar
antee of the future.
Wild weather has been raging from
Kansas to Minnesota. In some places there
have been floods, in others cyclones, and
in others snowstorms that have damaged
property ana impeded travel. And still
there are people of a fair degree of intelli
gence who live in that country when th.ey
might come to California.
It is reported from New York that a
nine-year-old son of Mike Donovan of
that city is desirous of making a match
for a finish fight with the son oi Bob Fitz
simmons, and while the challenge seems
somewnat premature both the babies may
be full grown men before the preliminary
tak is over, if such things continue as at
present.
New Orleans has been visited with a
kind of weather which gave the sky an ap
pearance as if the earth were on tire, and
Chicago has had the sort of weather which
made the earth look as if the sky were an
ocean of water. It seems to be only on
thh side of the mountains that both earth
and sky look lovely and natural all the
time.
Stephen Crane, the novelist who was on
board the ill-fated Commodore, has a good
subject for a romance ready made to his
hands. It seems the ship was scuttled by
traitors on board, thus affording the con
trast of villainy with neroism, and the
romancer will have to invent only a lov»
story and one or two rights In order to
make a sea yarn worth spinning.
The Ban Francisco Vindicator issued a
handsome new-year number last Saturday
which reflects the highest credit on the
editors. The edition was well written and
well illustrated, and, being printed on a
fine quality of paper, presented a very at
tractive appearance. As the Vindicator is
the recognized organ of the colored people
of California, the whole of that race may
take a just pride in the success it has at
tained and in the degree of enterprise
Niown by its managers.
OUR NEXT SENATOR.
The election of a United States Senator is the most important duty which the
State Legislature during the hrst fortnight of its session will be called upon to
perform. This duty will devolve upon the Republicans, whose aggregate of sev
enty-four members constitutes the majority of both houses of the Legislature. The
next Senator, therefore, will be a Republican. Who shall it be?
It is high time that the great State of California should give serious considera
tion to the subject of its Senators and should approach their selection with a
proper degree of pride. In the earlier history ot the Republic it is recorded that
men have declined nomination for the Presidency, esteeming their seat
in the United State Senate to be the more exalted office. The
older commonwealths have set California an apt example in the
quality of men whom they select as Senators, and proudly point to the
statesmen whose illustrious careers in the Senate have reflected glory upon their
respective States. Why may not California make an epoch in its history by
choosing from among its sons a Senator who, in the possession of those qualities
which the office peculiarly requires, shall be worthy to take an equal place among
the orators and the statesmen of whom her sisrtor commonwealths are so justly
proud? While lowa sends an Allison, Ohio a Foraker, Nebraska a Thurston,
Massachusetts a Lodge and New York a Choate, why may not California furnish
to the United States Senate a mau who in character, in ambition and in ability ia
worthy to be their peer?
What are the qualifications which the Legislature of California should require
in every candidate for the Senate as essential to his selection? Character? That,
of course; and character of that high quality which holds itself superior to
sordid and selfish interests and free from those entanglements of business which
have so often interfered with a Senator's impartial and unselfish service to the
peocle of his State. •
In addition to the first essential of character there should be ability of that
nature which the office of Senator peculiarly requires. There should be learning
in the broad sense of the term— a knowledge of the history of the ages, of the rise
and fall of nations, of the structure of society, of the growth of human liberty, of
the laws and institutions of Deoples and states; an intimate acquaintance with the
social and political movements of the present time, and lastly, an exact under
standing of the resources, the rights, the needs and the demands of his own State.
As a complement to this learning there should be the faculty to make it po
tential, or, in other words, the power which lies in speech. The next Senator
from California should be an orator; not merely a phrase-maker, nor an elocu
tionist repeating essays and set speeches, but a man of that kind of eloquence
which attracts the minds, controls the reason and compels the will of other
men; a man rvho can fitly represent the State of California by speaking out
grandly and bravely and convincingly for its rights as a State among States, and
for its interests as a commonwealth among nations; who can voice the ambitions,
the aims, the impulses, the moving spirit of its sons and daughters, and who can
upon occasion take high grounds of honor and of principle upon issues of
National importance and of world-wide influence. Such an orator California, in
justice to herself, to her past, to her interests and to her genius, should
place in the Senate a3 her most potent agent, and her Legislature
cannot do their State a greater honor nor a more needed service than the present
selection of such a Senator.
Again, the Senator who shall be chosen should have the united and un
reserved support of the Republican party of California. He should be
able to unify all factions; to put an end to all internal disruptions, dis
cords and disputes. He should have deserved his party's loyalty by his own un
swerving loyalty to it and by a long term of unselfish and distinguished service in
all its times oi need. His party leaders should be his sponsors, and the Legisla
ture should require their indorsement as a prerequisite to his election. No
man has the right to be Senator who has been arrogant enough to esteem himself
above his party or selfish enough to sacrifice its interests or chances of success in
preference to his own. The time has arrived in Republican politics when party
wounds should be healed and party dissensions ended. The man who sufficiently
possesses the faith, the friendship and. the confidence of leaders and of factions to
bring about this result should be our next Senator in order that there may bs
wielded that influence with the incoming administration at Washington which
will secure for California the recognition which she so richly and fully deserves.
Lastly, the next Senator from California should possess the esteem and confi
dence of the people of the entire State without respect to party or pursnit or
creed or class. They should know him to be & fearless friend of justice and cham
pion of Jiberty; a fellow-laborer like the majority of themselves, who by reason of
having worked his own way up to eminence is in sympathy with honest men in
their every effort and aspiration for the general good.
The Legislature has presented to it an opportunity to select a man who meas
ures up to ail of these requirements for our next Senator in the person of Samuel
M. Shortridge of San Francisco. In character, in learning, in eloquence; in knowl
edge of tno rights and needs of California; in ability to unify the Republican party
through the confidence and support of its leaders; in the possession of tue esteem
and respect of the people of the entire State, Samuel M. Shortridge is the candi-
dale before the Legislature whose claim to their favor is founded upon his eminent
fitness for the place.
REPUBLICAN UNITJ.
To the Republican party the people ol
California have intrusted the management
of their political affairs. All the oppor
tunities of the time for advancing the
welfare of the State by legislative action
are in the hands of the Republican major
ity in the Legislature. Upon those repre
sentatives of the party rests the responsi
bility of so administering the trust that
the people will be satisfied and the hold of
the party upon popular favor be strength
ened and confirmed.
In considering the best means of ad
vancing; the welfae of the btate by party
government the Republicans of the Legis
lature cannot fail to see that it is of prime
importance to put an end to those tactions
within the party which disturbed it during
the past campaign and to re-establish in
the ranks and among the leaders that
harmony which Is essential to the best and
most vigorous action.
Every step taken by the Republicans of
the Legislature should tend to party unity
and harmony. The counsel and advice of
the leaders of all sections of the party
should be listened to and due deference
given to those who are manifestly seeking
to allay past differences and to arrange for
a leadership which will truly and fully
represent the policies and aspirations of
California Republicanism. If the guii
ance of such men is followed the future of
the Republican party in this State will be
secure, and California hereafter will be
counted as surely in the Republican
column as her great sister Stales, Penn
sylvania and Ohio.
In the nature of things the first step in
the direction of restored party harmony
must be taken in the election of a United
States Senator. That issue arises first and
must be settled first. Republicans should
give their votes to that candidate who has
been most loyal to the party organization
at all times, who has labored most earn
estly for the success of its regular tickets,
whose influence has tended most to har
mony and whose election would be most
likely to trive satisfaction to the rank and
file of the party in all sections of the
State.
If any Republican member of the Legis
lature is in doubt as to which candidate
Des f . fill til la these conditions he wiil nave
his doubts removed by even the most
casual study of the situation at Sacra
mento. He will rind that the leaders of
the sections of the party most divided dur
ing the campaign are now unitedly work
inc for the election of Samuel M. Short
rid ge. These men have united in support
of Mr. Shortridge because they know that
his election will not only assure California
an able, eloquent, patriotic and influential
representative in the Senate, but that it
would put an end to party dissensions at
home and unite all layal Republicans
under that new leadership which is neces
sary to the new era in our political his
tory.
The fact that the leaders of opposing
faoiions who a short time ago could scem
inglv agree upon nothing are now work
ing in harmony for Mr. Shortridge is a
convincine evidence thai he has the power
and influence to bring men into agree
ment with one another upon those high
platforms of party and public policy
which are above personal rivalries and an
tagonisms.. Men of all ections of the
party and of the State recoenize in him a
man whom they are glad to support for
the high honor to which he aspires, ana
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JANUARY 5, 1897.
Republicans of the Legislature cannot
fail to note the significance of the fact.
It is well known to e/ery student of our
politics that the favor shown to Mr. Short
ridge by the leaders of all divisions of the
Republican ] arty i 3 not undeserved. He
has been faithful to Republican traditions
and Republican discipline in season and
out of season. He has served the party
B3 a whole and not to promote factions.
He has been at ail time? a true representa
tive of its patriotism and an advocate of
its principles. He is known to every
leader of the party in this State and to
many of the rank and file in every county.
All who know him trust him. In his can
didacy all factions cease. Opposing lead
ers lay aside thei' differences and rally to
his support. He stands as the candidate
of those who seek to make a united Re
publican part)', and therefore with justice
asks the vote of every ioyai Republican in
the Legislature.
THE WORK OF CONGRES3.
The session of Congress which opens
this morning has the possibility of becom
ing the most important short session in
our annals for many years past. It has
before it the important duty of taking
steps to determine the grave constitu-
tional question whether the recognition
of an independent state is the prerogative
of the President or a part of the duty of
Congress. It has to settle the Pacific
roads question and it has an opportunity
to pass the Nicaragua canal bill.
These constitute the salient opportuni
ties of the session, but there are, of course,
many other measures hardly less impor
tant which will come before Congress be
fore it concludes its labors. The possibili
ties of action are, therefore, great, but at
the same time the constitution of the Sen
ate is such as to render it doubtful
whether even with the vast opportunities
before it the work of this session will be
materially different from that of other
short sessions which have preceded it.
The question of most interest to Califor
nia is, of course, that of the settlement of
the debts of the Pacific roads. The fund
ing bill is to be taken up on Thursday by
the House and according to the arranged
programme the vote will be taken on Mon
day. This allows but small opportunity
for debates and none for dilatory tactics.
The issue is, therefore, already virtually
made up, and so far a3 the fight in the
House is concerned we can do no more
tban has already been done to defeat the
bill and assure the relief of the people of
California from the cinch of the mo
nopoly.
While the advocates of the bill have
been loud in their boasts that it would
easily pass the House it is by no means
certain that they feel as sanguine as they
talk. A minority of the committee hav
ing charge of the subject has reported a
bill favoring the foreclosure of the Gov
ernment claim on the road, and at the
present outloolc there is as much proba
bility of the passage of the minority bill
as of that of the majority. Even if the
tight is lost to the people in tbe House
there is still a chance before the Senate,
and the debate in that body will be long
enough to allow the voice of California to
be heard before the vote is taken.
The Cuban question is one which affects
this country hardly less than Cuba itself.
The controversy which has ziow arisen
brings up ior final solution the issue
whether the President has the right
to exercise an almost exclusive con
trol of onr dealings with foreisn na
tions. It is to be ■'hoped this question
will be determined before Mr. Cleveland
goes out of office, for as President Mc-
Kinley, when he enters upon his admin
istration, will undoubtedly act in accord
ance with the views of Congress there
would be no issue raised by which the
question could be settled. Congress there
fore should act promptly on the recogni
tion of Cuba, in order to put to a test the
claim which Mr. Cleveland and Mr. Olney
make of the right of the President to
ignore the action of Congress on such mat
ters whenever he sees fit to do so.
THE ICE OAENIVAL.
People of Truckee are busily engaged in
preparing for the ice carnival which is
soon to open in that city. The weather
has been propitious for the work and fur
nished all the material of ice aud snow
which is needed for the construction of
the palace and the arrangements of the
toboggan slides. The prospects are that
the festival this winter will far exceed that
of the previous year and that Truckee will
begin our midwinter fetes with a genuine
triumph.
The day for the opening of the festival
has not Leen fixed, as it is designed to
postpone it until everything is in com
plete readiness for the reception of visitors.
At the rate at which the work is progress
ing, however, it is the hope of the man
agers to be able to inaugurate the festival
before the close of this week. If •his hope
should be realized it will be a true Isew
Year's celebration and will find the people
ready to enjoy it with all the brightness
and animation which mark the public
mind at the beginning of a new year.
When the ice carnival closes at Truckee
and, perhaps, even before il has ceased to
attract visitors and afford joyous frolics
of tobogganning, skating, sleigh-riding
and all the gayeties which the winter king
offers to his votaries there will be opened
in other parts ol the State citrus fairs or
rose festivals which will employ the ener
gies of amusement-seekers and give them
a new variety of entertainment to delieht
their faculties.
We are, in fact, at the beginning of our
season of festivals. In this we afford a
striking contrast to the East, where the
people are now snowbound, shivering in
blizzards and thinking of almost anything
ei-e than out-of-door gayeties and amuse
ments. These features of California win
ter life will sooner or later be widely noted
in the East and will be among our greatest
attractions to tourists. No other State in
the Union can entertain its visitors with
;ce palaces or floral pavilions at their
choice, nnd no other, therefore, is bo at
tractive to pleasure-seekers of all kinds.
MAKES A UtFEKENCE.
I'd laugh at : lie snow
When the chill winds blow,
An' I'd sing when the trost, comes a-prowlln',
An' I'd turn up mi' eye
With a wink at the sKy
Ter show I don't care fur its sowlin'.
Dpflince I'd cast
In the teeth o' the blast,
An' I'd joke 'bout me co»i in the cellar,
An' the way the 1 , it shrinks
When the mercury sinks —
Ef I wns the other feller.
It's easy enough
When a friend's road Is rough,
Ter tea 1m ter trudxe along ca'mly;
But it* dlff'Ton , some.
When the tcrlevuices com*
An" lodge in the mMsl o' yer fam'ly.
When the fire's nettla' dim
An<l the credit is siitn.
I don't nay In tones mi d an' meller,
Thet It's all fur our good,
hz It's liKely I would,
£f I wus the other teller.
— Washington Star.
PARAGRAPHS ABOUi PEOPLE.
Harry A. Garfleld, son of the late President,
is being boomed for Mayor of Cleveland, Ohio.
Herbert L. Mathews ot Kansas City, Mo., who
died recently, was regarded as one of the
greatest authorities on old books in the West.
Kaiser Wilhelm is extending his idea of ar
tistic collaboration. He is now said to be at
work on a historical drama, which a young
poet of Wiesbaden will put into German verse
for him.
While Dv Maurier's estate was larger than
that of any other artist on Punch, it amounted
to less than was expected, being about $250,
--000. Most of it was the result of "Trilby" and
advance payments on "The Martian." With
his wealth came death.
The late Miss Mildred Beresford Hope gave
evidence of her love for dogs by leaving a
friend "a locket containing the hair of her
dog Quiz," and bequeathing £100 to her
brotheA* keep the dog's grave green. Miss
Hope was a niece of ihe Marquis of Salisbury.
Catherine Cushenberry died lately at Chilli
cothc, Ohio, at the age of 116 years. It might
be diflicult to be assured of her age, but
records in Virginia show her sale in 1792, at
the Bge of 12 years. In 1862 her son pur
chased her freedom and took her toChillicothe.
Queen Victoria's coronation ring is never
out of her sight and is worn by her every
evening. It is a band of gold containing a
cross in rubies, surrounded by white bril
liants. A coronation ring is supposed to sym
bolize the wedding of the sovereign with the
nation.
The Maiqnis Arconati-Visconti has pre
sented to the Comedie Francalse a curious
drawing by the pen of George Sand, who be
lieved herself to bo an artist. Tne drawing is
a portrait of Thiron, the comedian. At the
same time Jules Claretie received for the foyer
of the Comedie a very interesting portrait^ of
Mile. Nathalie at the age of 18 years, by E.
Deveria.
NEWSPAPER PLEASANTRY.
"Don't you think there is a great deal of In
tellectual exercUe in euchre?" asked Mrs.
Snaggs as her husband shuffled the cards.
"1 can't say that I do," replied Mr. Snaggs.
"Do you find it so?"
"You know that one has to remember what
Is trumps."— Pittsburgh Chronicle-Telegraph.
Helen— Oh, yes; he nlways thought the world
of me. Befora we were married he used to say
that he was willing to die for me.
Nellie— But he didn't.
Helen— Oi course not. He was so thought
ful, you know. He said that he did not dare
to do it, lest I snould be unable to replace the
loss.— London Household Words.
"I want to buy a make-up box," said the
young married man.
"A make-up box?" the confectioner echoed.
"We don't keeD theatrical supplies."
"I mean a box of candy to take home to my
wife. I promised to be home three hours
ago."— Spare Moments.
Alice— Well, Maud, I hear you are engaged
to Jack.
Maud— Yes.
Alice — Well, I congratulate you. He wi»s
about the nicest fiance I ever had.— Newcastle
(Eng.) Chronicle.
"Willie, why do you behave so to your little
sister? You've been bossing her around all
day."
"We're only playing, ma," pleaded Jennie
in her brother's behalf. "He's pa and I'm
you."— Harper's Bazar.
Fuady— There's that Miss Rixter over there.
She's is rather good-looking, but they say she
is very cold to the men she meets.
Duddy— But what could you expect from a
young woman with a cool hundred thousand
in her own right?— Boston Transcript.
Bobby— ls oxygen what the oxen breathe
all day?
Papa— Of course; and what everything else
breathes.
Bobby— And li nitrogen what every one
breathes at night?— New York World.
"Keeping up your bicycle riding this cold
weather?"
"Nup. Just keeping tip the payments; that
is Rll."— lndianapolis Journal.
PERSONAL
James Pray oi Australia is here.
Dan Brown Jr. oi Petaluma is at the Lick.
R. Klettingof Salt Lake City is at the Palace.
H. L. Bushnell of Chicago is on a visit here.
Thomas R. Minturn of Minturn is in the
City.
W. H. Hatton of Modesto is a late arrival
here.
A. Hurlbut of Lincoln, Nebr., reached here
yesterday.
F. S. Wanßinger of Tombstone is a recent ar
rival here.
Judge 8. K. Dougherty of Santa Rosa is at
the Grand.
Sheriff J. W. Cummlngs of Modoc County Is
in the City.
W. M Gnffln.a business man of Merced, is
at the Grand.
A. T. Biiss, a business roan of Portland, Or.,
is at the Lick.
A. Robertson, a wealthy resident of New
York, is at the Pal&co.
J. T. Bogue, a well-to-do fruit-grower of
M«ry»ville, is in town.
Lieutenant H. A. McCully of the United
States iiavy is in the City.
Lieutenant C. A. St. Burnell of the United
Btate» navy is at the Grand.
Sidney Le Grange, a lumber dealer of Eu
reka, is at the Cosmopolitan.
E. W. Runyon, the wealthy resident of Red
Bluff, is here on a business trip.
George Wentworth of Portland arrived here
last evening and is at the Grand.
Philip Gibson, a wealthy mining operator of
Montana, arrived here yesterday.
T. L. Sawaga, a resident of N'orthport, Wash.,
and his wife, are at the Occidental.
Clay W.Taylor, the attorney, of Redding, is
amonij those registered at the Palace.
W. E. Pnrsons, a business man of Butte, is in
town. Mrs. Parsons accompanied him.
Albert Benjamin, a tobacco merchant of
Louisville, Ky., is at the Cosmopolitan.
A. 11. Hart of Cheeney Brothers, New York,
the prominent silk manufacturers, is at the
Palace.
C. w. Clough, a newspaper man of Chico,
with his wife and family, are guests at the
Cosmopolitan.
Dr. Robert F. Gray has been appointed resi
dent physician at St. Luke's Hospital, succeed
ing Dr. Robert B. Day.
Among the arrivals at the Occidental is C. P.
Bratnober of Waterloo, lowa, who is accompa
nied by Mrs. Bratnober.
Dr. Fred Clarke of the State Asylum for the
Insane at Stockton is in town, accompanied by
J. M. Anderson of Stockton.
John A. Mclntyre of Sacramento, who is
engaged in different mining enterprises, is in
the City for a few days' stay.
Launcelot S. Cooper, with his wife and family,
of Phce:iix. Ariz , arrived in the City last Fri
day, and are stopping at the Cosmopolitan.
Police Judge Campbell has gone to Sacra
mento for a few days, and in his absence Jus
tice of the Peace Groezinger will take his
place.
P. N. Blunt, 87 years old, a pioneer and a
deacon of the First Baptist Church for many
year?, is seriously ill at his home, 714 Larkin
street.
David Starr Jordan, president of Stanford
University, who has been in the East for some
time past, was among yesterday's arrivals at
the Grand.
J. M. Dyer, a miner and coffee-sirower, who
has lor several years been in Honduras, is a
recent arrival here. He is at the Grana and is
accompanied by his wife.
W. R. Prisk, the well-known newspaper ed
iter and owner of Grass Valley, is among the
recent arrivals in the City. He is to leave lor
Sacramento in a day or two.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, N. V., Jan. 4.— At the Wind
sor—G. K. Crawford, L. Maloney, W. K. Kim
ball. Holland— Miss Crocker, L. L. Cunning
ham, H. T. Scott and family. Grand— J. T.
Thompson, W. M. Mej-er and wife, H. MacDon
nell. Netherland— Miss Dlan. imperial— T. T.
Williams. Metropolitan— H. B. Callender.
Grand Union— A. I. Weiler. Bartholdi— R.
Fitzstmmons and wife. Cosmopolitan — Mrs.
M. Neil. Broadway — T. Page. Manhattan— E.
S. IMUsbury. St. Denis— T. H. Speddy. P.
Schultz and A. C. Hintz nre on a buying trip.
The steamship A Her brought DacK from
Germany Julius Uansmcister and Charles A.
Valentine of Los Angeles.
NEW METHOD OF EXERCISE.
Chicago Times-Herald.
M. Quad, the Detroit humorist, several years
ago fitted up a small platform in hi» residence
and took regular exercise by dancing jigs tc
the accompaniment of a piano played by an
other member of the household. He said that
dancing not only gave him the physical ex
ercise he required but also furnished much
needed mental rest. "Walking would do
equally well," he said, "so far as exercise is
concerned, but whenever I wink I am busily
thinking about my work and making plans
for the morrow. No one can do that while
dancing vigorously."
A prominent Chicago lawyer several months
ago hit upon a scheme for exercise that is
equally unusual. He changed his office from
the third floor of a skyscraper to the twelfth.
"My friends use the elevator," he explains,
"but I always walk, both coming up and j;oing
down. It beats any gym nasiumMn creation. I
was led Into this by my Dhysieinn reporting
that my heart was weak and advising hill
climbiu? to strengthen the organ. A Chicago
office building is better tnan any hill I could
find."
ONLY FOR FRiVAIE CIRCULATION
New York Commercial Advertiser.
An exchange asks: "Have the Democrats of
New York no woid for David B. Hill?" Oh,
yes; they have several words for him, but none
of them would look well in print.
E£D AND WHITE LIGHTS.
Powell ' Street to 'Have *an Original
Feature in Its Display.
Before the end of the present week Pow
ell street will be adorned with a most
unique display of electric lights. There
will be an originality about the affair
wnich has not so far been introduced into
any other illuminated street in the City.
It will consist of six white lights on
eacn side of the str-et between Ed ly and
Ellis, and overhead, in the center of the
street, four red lamps. Those will throw
a blending ray down on the stronger light
nearer the ground, tfivinsr, as it is contem
plated, a prismatic radiance to the scene.
It is tne intention of ti.e subscribers to
this additional feature to make Powell
street the most attractive of any of the
recently i'iuminated streets by having the
red lights burn during the entire night,
while the white lamp will be extinguished
at 12 o'clock.
Tne novelty of the liphts, as also the se
curing of the funds with which to carry
out the design, has been the constant
thought and labor of Sam U. Friedlander
of the Columbia Theater, who was the
prime mover in the matter.
His ideas, however, were heartily co
operated in by the principal business peo
ple on the block, who ungrudgingly sub
scribed to tho enterprise with the object
of making this portion of Powell street
the most attractive of any in the City.
Missionary Topics.
The topics ior '97 were given out at the
monthly meeting of the Woman's Occidental
Board yesterday. Instead 01 different coun
tries, as has been the case in the past, the top
ics for '97 embrace a variety of subjects. Jan
uary will bo devoted to "The Bible and For
eign Missions"; February to "Evangelistic
Missionary Work"; March, '•Missionary Ad
ministration"; April, "Native Christians" ;
May, "Woman's Work"; June, "Foreign Mis
sionaries"; July, "Misßion Printing Press";
August, "The Reflex Influence of Foreign
Missions"; September, "Missionary Schools";
October, "Medical Missions"; Nuvemher, "In
fluence of Christianity on the Social Lite and
Civic Institutions of Heathen Lands"; Decem
ber, "The Home Church and Foreign Mis
sions."
Tilden'a Will Probated.
Judge Coffey yesterday made an order admit
ting to probate the will of the late M. C. Til
den, whereby the son by his second wife Ik
declared disinherited. There was no contest,
but a motion to revoke the admission of the
will to probate may be presented at any time
within a year.
BILLS TO BENEFIT
STATE PRODUCTS
Proposed Laws Before the
Council of Associated
Industries.
Demands for the Appropriation
ot Money for Californian
Exhibits.
A State Food Commissioner Whose
Duty Shall Be to Prosecute Those
Guilty of Adulteration.
A meeting of the Council of Associated
Industries was held yesterday afternoon
in the rooms of the Manufacturers and
Producers' Association, Julian Sonntag,
president, in the cbair.
A letter was read from J. Richard
Freud declining the office of secretary of
the council on the ground that other du
ties prevented him from accepting the
position.
A communication was received from the
secretary of the Guatemala Exhibition
calling attention to the fact that one-tifth
of the part of the floor space ID the exhibi
tion buiiding devoted to the United States
had been set apart for California and
ursine that the people of California make
a creJitable exhibit.
Charles Bundschu drew attention to the
fact that individual efforts do not suffice
to make sue > an exhibit an the State
ought to make and asked the council to
use Its influence in securing an appropri
ation of. say, $5000 to make a display such
a* should be made.
Mr. Jacobs wished to know whether a
bill had been drawn to that effect to pre
sent to the Legislature.
Mr. Bundschu said that none had yet
been prepared. He thpn stated that there
is a need of at least $10,000; that about
$6£KX) had been raised, and that if the
sum of $10,000 is secured the Pacific Mail
Steamship Company would contribute
$1000.
Oa motion of E. F. Adams the matter
was referred to a committee consisting of
Messrs. Jacobs, iiealy and Eggles with
instruction to report next Saturday.
The council met for the consideration
of a number of bills which it is proposed
to submit to the Legislature. The first
read was one which provides that all pub
lic institutions shall give preference in the
matter oi goods to those of home manu
facture, all things being equal.
There was quite a discussion on the
question of submitting all bills that it is
proposed to present to the Legislature to
one committee of the council or to sep
arate committees, and finally it was de
cided, on motion of Mr. Kerr, that all bills
offered to the council shall be passed
upon by the council in full.
A bill was offered to appropriate $70,000
for buildings and maintaining a Califor
nia building at the trans-'Mississippi ex*
hibit at Omaha in 1898 and the appoint
ment of three commissioners.
J. A. Filcher explained the proposed
bill, which, be said, emanated from the
Chamber of Commerce of Los Angeles,
that several States west of the Mississippi
have already made large appropriations
and that California should make as good a
showing as any other Siate.
Action on the bill was deferred for ten
days.
The next draft of a bill read was that for
the appointment of a State food commis
sioner, three assistants and an expert to
examine food offered for sale, the commis
sioner to be paid $3000, his assistants $1200
and the expert to be paid two-thirda of ihe
amount usually paid exports.
Mr. Jacobs, of the Fruit Exchange, said
the purpose of the bill was to take the
place of the various laws now in existence
to punish the adulteration of food. He
said 'he expense will not exceed $15,000 a
year.
Colonel Denicke waa of the opinion
that the Board of Health has the power to
attend to this matter and that there is no
need of a commissioner. He said that the
Governor, he thought, would veto the
measure because of his opposition to com
missions.
Mr. Jacobs said that the local Board of
Health has indorsed the bill and that the
SState Board of Health is not charged with
the matter of food. Prosecutions at this
time are almost useless, as there seems to
be no power able to make the officers do
their duty.
The bill was referred to a committee of
three, Messrs. Riley, Healy and Jacobs.
The next bifl was one relating to uni
form licenses, which was indorsed.
Another bill was from the State Devel
opment Association, providing for the
establishment by the Frison Directors of
an experimental station for the growth of
fiber under a superintendent of ribercul
ture at a salary of $200 a month and ex
penses not to exceed $50 a month. It also
provides for experiments with the prod
ucts of fiberculture — flax, hemp and ramie.
Colonel Denicke wanted to know what
the University of California was doing at
the experimental stations, five in ntimuer.
He thought if the appropriation was to be
made it siiould be turned over to the uni
versity for the purpose named in the pro
posed law.
The matter was referred to a committee
consisting of Messrs. Adams, Denicko and
Palmer.
The next bill presented was to the effect
that all goods manufactured in prisons
bear the announcement in plain lettering
that such goods were made by convicts.
The council will consider more bills at a
meeting to be held to-morrow afternoon.
ANSWERS TO CORESPONDENTS.
Manslaughter— W. J. A., City. The extreme
penalty or manslaughter in the State of Cali
fornia is ten years.
Hyfatia— S., Berkeley, Cal. The novel enti
tled -Hypatia, or New Foes With an Old Face"
was written by Rev. diaries Kingsley.
Election Bets— N. N., City. This depart
ment will not decide election bets. The result
oi the election in California speaks for itself
and those who made bets will have to be
guided by the figures.
In the Second Degree— w. J. a., City. Ada
Woerner who killed her husband at the corner
of California and Polk streets in this City was
convicted of murder of the second degree and
was sentenced to imprisonment for life.
Internal Revenue Examination— C. Y.,Liv
crmore, Alameda County, Cal. For informa
tion concerning the examinations for the
Custom-house and the Internal Revenue De
partment address the Civil Service Commis
sion, this City.
Filled Cheese— Mercado, Oakland, Cal.
"Filled cheese" is the name app.ied to all sub
sances made of milk or skimmed milk with
me admixture of butter, animal oils or fats
vegetable or any other oils, or compounds for
eign to milk and made In imitation of cbeese
The Presidency— W. L. M., Cloverdale, So
noma County, (Jal. The constitution of the
United Stales says that no one shall be «I| s i
ble to the office of President of the United
State 3 who shall not have attained the nee of
Seven Years' absexce-R M. c, City. The
fact that a man Has been absent from his wife
for a period of seven years, and that during
that time she has not heard from him, directly
or indirectly, and has no knowledge of his
whereabouts or that he is either dead" or alive
does not "grant her a legal divorce." Such a
divorce can be granted only by a court of com
petent jurisdiction. Hut if a wife so desertea
should marry again the fact that shu had not
heard from her husband for that spsceof time,
directly or indirectly, would be a plea she
could o"ffer in defense if charged with bigamy.
Foods for Disease— a K. F., City. It is said
that celery is beneficial for rheumatism and
nervousness; lettuce for insomnia; peanuts
for indigestion and diabetes of t lie BOrpsleniJ
onions lor neurasthenia, spinach for
carrots fcr asthma; ripe fruit lor the p»rlflea
tion of the blood; watermelon for epl
and tomatoes lor the gout. All or some or
none of these may be bencticial.
Revenue Stamps— J. It., San Dlcro, Cal. This
department has not tho space to publish "a
list of the value of revenue stamps from '>O
cents t0. 5," as trier*, are hundreds of them.
If you will nond a description of any stamps
you may nave, giving denomination, color,
figure printed on the face and the wording
we will iurnish the price demanded for such.
Tliero were revenue stamps of the value of
$500, 8300, $50, $'_>5, $120, #10. $5, and from
that dowu to 1 ce:it.
Civil Service— S., Vallejo, Cal. By the order
of May t>, 185)0, Lssned by President Cleveland,
the provisions of the civil service law were ex
tended to 2!), 39') Government employes, in
creasing the number of places on the classified
lists iroin 55, 73(> to 85,135. Thui with a few
minor exceptions the enure service between
those officia.s whose continuation by tne Sen
ate is constitutionally requisi'e, and mere
laborers and workingmen, is included under
the civil service rules. By the terms "labor
ers" and "workingmen" In tne order, is under*
stood to be meant ordinary laborers and men
who iaa v be called upon to do an occasional
odd job in some of tho departments.
The Trocha— M. B. W., City. Tho trooha,
which has been often mentioned in connec
tion with the war iv Cuba, is a line across ter
ritory and it divides one army from the other.
A writer for an Eastern paper, in alluding to
the trocha now in Cuba, says: "Tho line ex
tends irom Havana to the southern coast of
the island, and its original purpose was la
' divide the insurgent forces, pauof which wera
I In the western portion of the island under
Maceo and the rest in the eastern portion
under Gome* and Garcia. It consists princi
pally of ii barbed wire fence 3 feet G inches
! high, with sentinel detachments immediately
behind It. About forty yards back of this is a
trench 3 feet wide and 4 feet deep, with a
breastwork of palmetto logs and fifty yards
farther back are log houses in which the
troops are quartered. The number of soldiers
required to guard the whole line is about
15,000. Iv construction cost much labor on
the part of the Spanish troops in the heat of a
torrid sun and under other trying conditions,
and hundreds ol them died before it was fin
ished. The trocha is General Weylcr's idea of
comprehensive and eftective strategy."
"A WONDEEfUL WOBKSHOP."
First of a Serle* of Practical Talkt to
Boyi.
The first of a series of six practical talks
to boys between 12 and 17 was held at
the Mission Y. M. C. A. yesterday after
noon, when Rev. Dr. Beard of Grace M. E.
Church spoke to eighty-six boys on "A
Wonderful Workshop." He said that the
brain was the center of the nervous sys
tem and controlled all the actions of the
body. The automatic muscles were con
trolled by the little brain, and these
actions occurred because me muscles had
got into the habit of doing one particular
thing. The speaker impressed on the boys
the importance of forming good habits in
youth, warning the boys especially against
intemperance and impurity.
These meetines are to be continued
every day this week at 4 o'clock. The
subjects for the week are "The Feet,"
"The Hands," "The Head," "The
Heart," "The New Life," and will be
handled by Rev. George Gibson, Robert
Lynch, Rev. William Rader, Dr. H. C.
| French and Rev. Robert Liddell.
Lecture on Pompeii.
This evening, at 8 o'clock. Professor M. S.
Crow, Dean of the University of the Pacific,
will give the first in the series of university
extension course lectures at the Young Men's
Christlau Association auditorium, Mason and
Ellis streets. Admission free to all members.
Strong hoarhound candy, 15c. Townsend/s.*
Special information daily to manufacturers,
business houses and public men by the
Clipping Bureau (Alien's), 510 Montgomery.*'
A primary teacher in a Watervllet Sunday
school took lor a subject, "The Lord loveth a
cheerful giver." She inquired if any one
knew what it meant, when a little four-je»r
old boy said :
"Miss L , I know what that means."
"Well, George Edwin, what is it?"
"It means give a whole lot and don't cry over
It. "-Troy Times.
Fli!llipß' Kock Island i.xruriloni
j reave San Francisco every Wednesday, via Rj#
Grande and Kocic Islmrl Itnllways. Throueli
tourist sleeping-cars to Chicago ana Boston. Man
i ager and porcers accompauy the*» excursions -a
Boston. For tickets, deeplng-car accommodation!
and farther Information, address Clinton Jones.
General Agent nook Island Hallway, 80 Mont
gomtry street, Kan F ranclaao.
•— -• — »
Whks the hair is thin and gray Parkkb's Hair
Eauam renrws tlie growth and color.
Pa hk Kit's Ginokb Tonic the best cough cure.
ThbGknulnk "Brown's BbonchialTkochks'*
are sold only in boxes. They are wonderfully
effective for Coughs and Throat Trouble*.
With a bottle of Ayer's Cherry Pectoral (the
unrivaled cough cure) and Ayer's Almanac (th« '
best calendar), we wish you a happy New Year.
• — •— • .
Cardinal Jean Pierre Boyer, Archbishop of
Bourges, France, died a few days ago. He W aa
67 years of age. Monsijtnor Boyer was born
at Paray-le-Monial in 1829. He was doctor of
theology and professor of dogma to the faculty
of theology at Aix, of which Institution he be
came the Dean In 1870. Hs was Bishop of
Clermont in 1879. and was decorated by tha
Pope with the pallium in 1882.
NEW 10-DAT.
The "purity" of
many well - known
baking powders
"won't wash." Pour
some hot water on
a spoonful in a
glass and see the
starch settle to the
bottom. Starch
has no leavening
strength — what
takes its place?
Know what you
— get what you
pay for. Use
Trophy
9 Tillmann & Bendel. Mfrt.TUESDAY JANUARY 5, li-97
AMUSEMENTS.
BAtnwm THKATKB.-"TheO:d Homestead."
(ViVMTtiA ■) — 'Shann Ithue,-
Moroscos Cpkra-11oi.sk—- In me Kamo of
the t'tar.'
Ai.azAS Theate*.— "A Serious Tangle."
Tivoli Oi-kba House.— Jack and The Bean
fin; k.
ORPm t'M — High-Class Vaudeville.
in is Hoyai.— Kddy and Muson sts.--Prof. O.
j;. Cileason.
'JHK chutbs an-i> Rkatixb Rijtk. — Daily at
Ilalglit street., one block east of the Park.
fcuTKo Baths— Bathing and performances.
♦ I'acific C oast JorKKv Ct.tt*.— fiacas to-day.
AUCTION bALtS.
BY S. Bapch— This day. January 5. Furni
ture, at 319-321 Slitter street, at 10:30 o'clock.
1 y IXDIAKA AfcTioxCo.-Thls day. January 5,
MQllnery. at 1067 Market st.. at 2 o'clock.
• J -, s- r i.i.iVAN <fc Doylk- Wednesday. January
6, Horses, Buggies, etc., at 327 Sixth street, »t 11
o CICCK.
CITY NEWS IN BRIEF.
The American bark Empire is now unloading
coal at Sausalito.
Cloudy weather Tuefdftv, probably without
rain— Local Forecast Official McAdio.
Juaees Dunne and Cook assumed positions
on the bench of the Superior Court yesterday.
Judee Wallace has ordered that Carl yon
Tiedeman De admitted to jail in the sum ol
$5000.
School Director Halstead tooK his oath of
oftice on what may prove his dying bed
yesterday. .;.i\
Frank A. Church has sued Charles E.
Barringer, to dissolve the partnership existing
between them.
The Council of Associated Industries met
yestenlny and considered bills to be presented
to the Legislature.
i-.x-Juilge Ferral eulogized ex-Judge Murphy
yesterday on the occasion ot the latter's retire
ment from the bench.
The members of Sorosis gave a reception at
their clubrooms yesterday, complimentary to
Frank Lincoln, the humorist.
Policemen James Smith and Eugene Harri
pan were placed on the pension list yesterday,
being incapacitated from duty.
The Century Club will boid an "Indian even
ing"' Wednesday, whtm everything pertaining
to Indian life will be discussed.
Numerous changes were made yesterday In
the office ot the Board of Education and in
the Superintendent of Streets' oilice.
The College of Physicians and Surgeons was
formally opened yesterday, after which Dr. W.
J. Younger was banqueted by Dr. Clyde Paine.
Seventy-four candidates for admission to the
bar are before tne Supreme Court for examina
tion. It will take three days toexamine them.
Harry F. Mann, a shoemaker at 715 Hyde
street, and his wife, were assaulted by a .cus
tomer last evening and the police are after
him.
Two substantially built firemen have made a
wager as to their prospective speed in ascend
ing to the top of the ferry tower and re
turning.
Starch is a new shipment to be mnde to Ans
tralia. A trial consignment goes on the Zea
landia, which will probably sail on Saturday
morning.
President Dohrmann of the Merchants' As
sociation has written a letter to Dr. Stallard,
who recently gave his views en municipal
government.
Three of the favorites won at Ingleside yes
terday. The winners were: Therese, Wood
chopper, Caspar, Three Forks, Libertine and
Key del Tierra.
Chew Lee Keong, brother of Chew Ging,
murdered on Jackson street several days ago,
denies that he will refuse to help the police in
detecting the assassin.
At the Presbyterian Ministerial Association
yesterday Rev. Dr. Alexander spoke some
scathing words about the Journal and its
twin sister the Examiner.
Mary J. Johnson's will, filed yesterday,
bequeaths $100 to Garlield Ladies' Relief
Corps No. 21, and $100 to the .Ladies' Aid
Society of tiie M. E. Ctiurcii.
A. P. Black, Assistant Patriot Attorney, who
has been ill for several weeks, has sufficiently
recovered to resume his position as Attorney
for the State in Judge Wallace's court.
Jaraes V. Turner, by hi« attorney, George D.
Collins, has sued the Owens Valley Water
Company and tue Inyo and Kern Canal Com
pany for $40,000 on a promissory note.
Nicholas Brennan, a stenographer, who is
accused of betraying and causing the death of
Teresa Tarpey, a young girl, was yesterday
held to answer before the Superior Court.
Circuit Judge McKenna yesterday decided
an interesting point in a case where certain
creditors asked to have their claims regarded
at preferred over those oi mortgage-holders.
Gustave Fingler, a cripple, destroyed the
roof of the house, 15}-^ fcnerinan street, yes
terday afternoon, and was arrested ior assault
■with a deadly weapon and malicious mischief.
Sequoia Parlor, X. S. G. W., sat down to a
banquet of roast bear last evening. During
the teativitiea Past President A. H. Pape was
presented with a beautifully engraved leather
badge.
John llogan, who was thrown from his
wagon on Oak street Saturday afternoon by
reason of an electric car striking it, died yes
terday at the Receiving Hospital from his in
juries'.
The cyclists want but one favor of the
present .State Legislature— the passage of tne
baggage bill classing the bicycle as free bag
gage—and they will concentrate all their ef
forts to obtain it.
Pilot Jordan is suffering from an enforced
abstinence from tobacco, and is being consis
tency rallied thereon by his friends on the
water front. He is the victim of a rash bet on
Mr. Bryan's election.
Miss Barbara Groom, a girl 18 years of ape,
recently from Colusa, committed suicide by
swallowing carbolic acid yesterday. In a let
ter she says that Joseph V. Pidgeon was the
destroyer of her happiness.
Thomas Cochrane was on trial in Judge
Joachimsen's court yesterday for swindling
John Hennauy, an old nan living at 8 Ivy
avenue, out of £'2O at a game of cards, and the
Judge will render his decision to-dsiy.
Hugh. William, Malcom dad MarySimi have
sued Charles Ashton for the recover}' of prop
erty, 22i00 feet in size, on Pine street, near
M. Marys place, in this City : also a lot '25x80
feet in size on Everett street, near Third.
Powell street, from Eddy to Elils, will be
illuminated during ihe present week with a
unique display of red and white arc lamps,
making -thia block one of the most attractive
of ihe recently improved business streets of
the City.
The Merchants' Association has ordered four
electric lights on sixteenth street, between
Valencia mid Guerrero. One light is to be in
the center of Sixteenth and Valencia and
light! iv the block between Valencia
: irrero.
Supervisors Clinton and Dodge have refused
to Kive the dispensing of patronage to Rainey,
hihl so declared themselves as not in the solid
majority. Tiiu prosecuting attorney's clerks
aua warrant clerks of police courts have been
1 by the organization.
Che 'tnted States Circuit Court of Appeals
yes erday handed down an opinion sustaining
■the lower court, Judge MeK.enna.in the ctise
ot A. H. Bowero vs. Yon Schmidt, involving
ihe ownership of the patent for hydraulic
dredging. The decision is said to be worth
miiltoni to ihe Plaintiff.
KEW TO-DAT.
Humors
"Whether itching, burning, bleeding, scaly,
crusted, pimply, or blotchy, whether simple,
scrofulous, or hereditary, from infancy to age,
speedily cured by warm baths with Ccticuba.
Soap, gentle anointings with Ccticura (oint-
ment), the great skin cure, and mild doses
of Coticcra Resoltest, greatest of blood
purifiers and humor cures.
(uticurc
U told throughout th« world. Pom* D»DO ASD Chhu
Co«r.. Sole Prorxi.. Boston. ■■-•■•
W " Uow to Cure ETery Blood Humor," free.
CUPC UtlMinDQ Fnllinz Htir «Dd Baby Rlera-
Irtllt nUmUIiW itSu» cured by Ci-tictba fiOAf.
. . . ■ ■ ■■ ■ . . '.
SHOPPING STARCH
TO AUSTRALIA
A Trial Consignment to Go
on the Steamship
Zsalandia.
The American Bark Empire Is
Now Unloading Coal at
Sausalito.
Pilot Jordan, Who Has B^en a Con«
firmed Smoker, Doing Penance
for Voting for Bryan.
The American bark Empire docked at
tbe North Pacific Coast Company's wharf
at Sausalito yesterday. After discharging
her cargo of coal the vessel will be tied up
in • Richardsons Bay to await better timea.
Lying alongside the wharf, with the crew
at work unbending the sails, the Empire
presented a very pretty appearance. Dur
ing a storm which was run into the bark
lo>t her foretop-gallant mast, and that
damage will have to be repaired before
she can again go to sea.
The Harbor Commissioners have put a
watch on the ferry tower. Two fat firemen
on the river steamers have made a wager
in regard to the lime which they will take
to climb the ferry tower and return to
Mother Earth. The man who makes the
best time gets $5, and his opponent is out
and injured. The contestants are mem
bers of the Hit and Miss Athletic Club,
but, nevertheless, President Colnon is not
taking any chances on a probable acci
dent.
Alec Stewart, the champion of tne ferry
steamer Bay City, weighs 319 pounds, and
Frank Sulfivnr.. the champion of the
Modoc, weighs 308 pounds. In spite of their
weichteach man is unusually active, and
quite a number of bets have been made
that the men will climb the tower and get
back to the foundation again in less than
fifteen minutes. If the men make the
climb they will have to do it on the sly, as
from this on a watchman will keep watch
and ward over the tower in order to pre
vent the contest.
The Oceanic Steamship Company's Zea
landia will not get away on time. The
English mail is late and will not get here
until late on Friday night, so the chances
are that it will be early Saturday morning
instead of Thursday afternoon before the
good ship getß away on her run to Aus
tralasia. In the meantime the cargo has
been pouring into her until DOW she is
loaded down with machinery, canned fruit,
canned salmon, broomcorn, doors, whisky,
and, Btranee to say, starch. Tne latter is
a trial shipment, and i* consigned to Syd
ney, N. S. W. Should it prove successful
another industry will have been started in
California.
Since the Zealandia nas been put in
commission the heads of the various de
partments have been ham at worK getting
her snijisbape. Chief Officer Kennie has
seen to it tnat the vessel has been put in
nrst-class order. Chief Engineer Keller
has looKed over and put in thorough order
the engines and boilers, and Chief Stew
ard Hannigan has made the dining-room,
social hall and staterooms look as well as
those on the Australia, and that is saying
a good deal. The Zealandia will take out
a full passenger list, and all who go on
her may be sure of a pleasant voyage and
the best of treatment.
The Pacific Mail Company's Peru leaves
for Honolulu on Thursday, and the Zea
landia will not get away until late Friday
! night or early Saturday morning. In
spite of the handicap the boys on the
Zealandia are willing to give odds that
the Peru will not beat their vessel twelve
hours into Honolulu.
Charley Peterson, the well-known boat
man and brother of Henry Peterson, the
oarsman, is about to become a benedict.
In a week or so lie is to be married to Miss
Louisa Johnson and everybody along the
water iront is now congratulating the
happy man. When the wedding takes
place the Amy and Athlete wiil be in gala
attire and the guests of the bride and
gr.'om will be taken on a moonlight ex
cursion around the bay.
If the men in the confidence of Gover
nor Budd know anything the next Harbor
Commissioner will be Mark Tarpey. He
will succeed Commissioner Cole and will
thus rill the chair of as faithful a servant
as the State has ever had. Just whether
Mr. Tarpey will take the posit on or not
remains to be seen. His mines in Mexico
claim a great deal of his time and he may
refuse the appointment on that account.
Still the knowing ones say that next
Marcii the Harbor Commissioners will be
Colnon, Chadbourne and Tarpey.
The Miltonburn is the pioneer of a fleet
that will leave here during this month for
Australia. There is no chance for a char
ter party from here before next July, and
in consequence about lifteen vessels will
go to Newcastle. N. S. W., and load coal
for this port at 12 shillings a ton. When
the grain season opens again they will
have a fair chance to get fair rates between
here and Europe.
There are two Jordans on the list of
pilots, and one is called ''Big" Jordan,
and tiie other "Little" Jordan. "Big"
Jordan at the present time is the most
miserable man on earth. He is an invet
erate smoker, and not one of his acquaint
ances can ever remember seeing him with
out a rigar in his mouth. When Bryan
lost the election Jordan had to quit smok
ing with the new year and abstain for six
months. Now everybody that meets him
on Change has a package of chewing gum
on hand in order to console the unfortun
ate pilot. Never in al! his life has Jordan
had so many free cigars offered him, but
still he has the satisfaction of knowing
that should he last out the six months,
Dillon wiil give him the best chronome
ter in his shop. Virtue always has its
own reward.
The erstwhile whaling schooner La
Ninfa got back to port last night after a
heavy experience on the cod-fishing
banks. The captain's report is as follows:
Sailed from San Francisco November 14,
bound to Bering Sea on a coii-flsniiig cruise.
Had fair woather to December 6, when, in
latitude 48 deg. 57 rnin. north, longitude 150
deg. 3. mm. west, had a heavy hurricane from
northeast to northwest, lasting forty-eight
hours; barometer 28 25. Tnen had a succes
sion of gales to December 14, in latitude 52
deg. 4G ruin, north, when we had a hurricane
from east to northwest, lasting twenty-lour
hours. Arrived off Umiak Island on Decem
ber 17, when we experi jnced a strong north
erly gale, and as it was impossible lo make
any headway with gal;s of head winds and
calms, put bni:k to San Francisco.
December 10. in latitude 50 deg. 28 mm.
north, longitude 160 Jeg. west, saw the toj>
inflst or jibboomoi a scnooner with rigging
attached.
Off the farallones the La Ninfa spoke
the sealing schooner lippinger with forty
four skins.
Two Gold Mining Companies.
George W. Baker, Thomas J. .Parsons, W. A.
Jacobs, J. A. Stephc-ns, S. K. Thornton, R. B.
Harcer and George F. Davidson have iucor
poiated the Holiday Gold Mining Company
wiih a capital of $1, 000.000.
The Tryou Gold Mining Company has been
incorporated by C, W. Tryon, W. B. L-e J S
Drake, G. C. Tryon un<l Hintm \V. Lee. The
cspital stock is fixed at $2,500,000.
A Richmond (Me.) woman has worked
twenty-live years in a Lewiston mill, the
most ol the time at the one loom.
Trunks Moved 25 Cents.
Commercial Transfer Company, 43 Sutter st.
TeJ. main 49. Furniture moved reasonably.*
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JANUARY 5, 1897.
The American Bark Empire Discharging at Sausalito. She Has a Load of Coal Aboard for the
North Pacific Coast Railroad and Yesterday Her Crew Was Busy Unbending Sail.
CYCLISTS WANT
BUT ONE FAVOR
The Passage of the Bag
gage Bill by This
Legislature.
All Their Efforts Are to Be
Concentrated to Insure
That Result.
Juige Kerrigan Says Judge Dunne
and Others Will Go Up to Make
the Fight.
The wheelmen want but one thing from
the present Legislature. They want to
have tne bicycle recognized as baggage,
that it may be carried free as such on the
railroads of this State.
Every effort will be concentrated upon
the so-called baggage|bill to insure its pus
sage. One man is already on the ground
at Sacramento looking out for the inter
ests of the wheelmen and keeping the
league officials informed, and another will
probably soon go to the capital from this
City.
When the different committees of the
Legislature shall have been named and
the time shall have arrived for the hear
ing of proposed bills a special delegation
will go from here and advance arguments
in favor of the baggage bin. It will be
clearly and forcibly explained to the com
mittee in order that at the outset it may
rec9ive proper indorsement before it shall
come to a vote.
Speaking last night of the legislation
desired by the cyclists, Judge Frank H.
Kerrigan, consul of the League ol Ameri
can Wheelmen, said:
"The wheelmen throughout the State
will concentrate their fight upon what ii
sometimes known as the Armstrong bag
gage bill. It is a bill permitting a passen
ger to carry his bicycle, his guncase, his
valise, or his trunk as baggage without
charge. No mention is made of a bicycle,
but the bill is so worded that all such
articles as a person is in the habit of
carrying with him may come under the
head of allowable baggage not exceeding
the weight limit.
"Baggage-bill planks were introduced
into the platforms of all the political
parties not only in the municipal conven
tions but in all the subdivisions of the
State. We saw to that. Each party is
pledged to support the bill.
"We have voters enough to carry it. The
only thing that can beat it is the possibie
trading of some of these votes to the rail
road in exchange for the support by the
railroad of certain interior matters for
which support may be desired. The ques
tion is, Does the railroad care enough
about it to trade votes? But we are going
to keep a careful lookout. Dwyer, one of
our men, is up there now. He is one ot
the clerks; has been for several years. He
will keep his eyes open. Then Percy V.
Long, a representative of the league, will
go up shortly to introduce the bill. When
the proper committee is ready to bear a
discussion of the bill severaf men will go
up from here— Judge Dunne and some
others — and will see that the thing is
properly explained and understood.
"As for the good roads bill, that will be
attended to primarily by the State Bureau
of Highways, and supported, of course, by
the wheelmen."
fOLIOE STOPPED THE CROWD
Yesterday at the Great Closing Out Sale
of Arinand Cailleau.
There was such a larjje crowd that
thousands were turned away without
being able to get into the store. Mr.
Cailleau nad about forty extra salespeople,
yet the police had to be there to oversee
the people. At the rate the goods were
going the sale will not last long.
They Want 100 Per Cent.
The Retail Grocers' Association has in
structed Secretary Fiieger to lorward to all
the known creditors of Levin Bros, copies of a
circular, previously prepared, urging them not
to accept from the embarrassed firm any set
tlement save upon a basis of 100 cents on the
dollar. The circular has also been presented
to the Board of Trade.
Levin Bros, have not yet submitted any
proposition whatever to their creditors. The
C'.'niniittre of adjusters at present engaged on
behalf of the Board of Trade in taking kii In
ventory of the stock in the firm's several
stores will probably not be able to make a re
port within a week. Pending this report the
creditors say they can take no formal action.
• — ♦ — •—
•Johnson lii'srs McCormnck.
"Young" McCormack and Christian John
son, welter-weights, met at a place on Tele
graph Hill last night to fight to a finish for a
mrseofs2sO. A man named Morris was be
hind McCormaclt, and £. Starr, champion
welter-weight of Australia, seconded Johnson.
Two-ounce gloves were used. Jack Maynard
was referee. Tne first round was a riddle most
of the time, and in the second Johnson got
down to business. He knocked McCormark
out with a left hook on the jaw in the middle
of the round. An enthusiastic crowd at
tended.
NEW PRESIDING JUDGE.
Judge Seawall Has Charge of Superior
Court Allah's.
The annual meeting of the Judges of
the Superior Court was held yesterday, all
the Judges except Judge Daingeriield, who
is trying a case in Santa Rosa, Deing
present.
Judge J. M. Seawall of Department 1
was chosen Presiding Judge for the en
suing year.
Kules 14 and 18 were amended so that
they read as follows:
Rule 14. When a demurrer to a complaint or
cross-complaint is overruled by the court and
leave is given to answer, no more than ten
days shall be given in which to answer, with
out the written consent cf the adverse party
or his attorney; and if the complaint or cross
compiaint is unverified, leave to answer shall
not be given unless an affidavit of merits be
tiled.
When it appears that a demurrer is frivolous
and was interposed for delay, the court may
impose the payment of costs, not exceeding
$20, to the adverse party as a condition of
leave to answer.
Rule 18. Noordcrextending the time within
which any act is required by law to Ac done
shall be made which, by Its terms or in con
nection with any other order or orders or any
stipulation, shall operate to extend such time
more than thirty days beyond the time given
by law.
In case the time within which any act is re
quired by law to be done is extended by stipu
lation, no extension of time shall afterward
be granted by the court or a Judge which
when added to the lime already given by
stipulation shall exceed thirty days, and the
order shall correctly show upon its face the
extensions of time previously given. Every
such order shall be filed and served before 10
o'clock a. M. on the next judicial day.
Secretary James W. Coffroth, who has
served several years as scribe for the Supe
rior Court Judges, was continued in that
position.
It was ordered that examinations of
persons charged with insanity shall be
conducted during the year by Judges
Hbbbard and Belcher.
The examining physicians, constituting
the Board of Lunacy Commissioners, will
remain the same. They are Drs. Lustig,
Rithers, Wads worth and Windele.
Judges Coffey and Slack will continue
to conduct the probate departments of the
court.
No change was made in the personnel of
the Court Commissioners. They are Frank
W. LawJer, J. F. Tyler, J. J. Mone, John
F. Piukbam, Eugene W. Levy and Finlay
Cook.
Judges Wallace, Dunne and Cook will
preside in the departments to which the
criminal cases are assigned.
THIRD IN THIS STATE.
Opening of the New College
of Physicians and Sur
geons.
Dr. W. J. YoungT Banqueted on the
Eve of His Eastern
Tour.
The new College of Physicians and Sur
geons opened yesterday in a formal way
in the reraodoled Irish- American Hall, on
Howard street. This is the third estab
lishment of the kind in the State, tiie
other two being the medical department
of the University of California and the
Cooper Medical College.
The latest addition to the institutions of
learning opened with some 110 students,
60 of whom are in the dental department,
nt the head of which is Dr. Charles
Poxton, the dean of the faculty ana pro
fessor of protbesic dentistry and meter
ology. Dr. Thomas Morffew is the presi
dent and professor of operative and dental
histology. The other officials in charge
are: Dr. J. L. Asay, professor of dental
pathology and therapeutics; Dr. Pazue,
professor of orthodumia, and Dr. Koand,
professor of crown and bridge work.
Dr. Winslow Anderson is dean of the
medical department.
Dr. S. 0. L. Potter delivered the open
ing address yesterday.
Last evening Dr. and Mrs. Clyde Payne
entertained some of the members of the
faculty at a banquet in their beautiful
home at 2826 California street.
The guesi of the evening was Dr. W. J.
Younger, who is on the eve of his depart
ure for the East. Among tho-e present
were: Dr. S. E. Knowles, Dr. Thomas
Morffew, Dr. J. A. W. Lundborg, Dr. Rus
sel H. Cool and Dr. A. H. Millberry.
Federation Work.
The Federation of Women resolved yester
day to dispense with all standing committees
but four, as it is believed that more effective
work can be accomplished by special commit
tees. The standing committees retained are
on the Refuge Home, School Board committee,
wushing girls' committee and the committee
on baths and sanitation.
Reception to Key. Sir. David.
Rev. J. 8. David, the new minister for the
Third New Church Society, arrived from Port
laud, Or., with his wife and son on Thursday
last and preached the New Year's sermon on
Sunday evening. His present address is 837
Post street, where a reception will be given
him on Wednesday evening, January 6.
Children Cry for Pitcher's Castoria.
MILLIONS IN A
COURT DECISION
After Eight Years of Liti
gation A. B. Bowers
Wins His Suit.
The Most Important Patent Case
Ever Tried on This
Coast.
About Forty Cases for Infringement
Pending on the Issue— Big Con
tracts Are Involved.
By a decision of the United States Cir
cuit Court of Appeals, handed down yes
terday, A. B. Bowers virtually owns a
monopoly of the hydraulic dredging busi
ness. The decision Mr. Bowers estimates
as worth a trifle above six millions to
him — ail the way from six to fifteen
millions.
The decision came in the suit of Bowers
against yon Schmidt — which is one among
many cases— but the decision is supposed
to end nearly all the others. The lan
guage of the decision is that Mr. Bowers
is the original inventor of the hydraulic
dredger and that his patents are entitled
to broad and liberal construction.
The fight lias been going on for eight
years, and testimony has been taken suffi
cient to cover 2477 large printed page?.
The suit which was concluded yester
day was begun in November, 1888. In
July, 1894 — six years later — a decision was
rendered by Judge McKenna in favor of
Bowers. An appeal wus taken, and pend
ing the decision of the Court of Appeals
a great deal of work has been tied up, as
well as other litigation stayed.
Judges Ross and Gilbert participated in
the decision, Judge Hay being disquali
fied through his having decided certain
minor points in the same case.
No less than eighteen suits are now in
the courts against alleged infringements
of these patents, and some twenty others
are about to be entered. Among the for
mer are suits against the Pacific Improve
ment Company, the American Dredging
Company, tbe Oakland Iron Works, the
New York Dredgijkg Company, the San
Francisco Bridge Company, Pacific Coast
Dredging and Reclamation Company,
American Hydraulic Dredging Company,
Lindon W. Bates, Hydraulic Dredging
and Improvement Company and the City
of Oakland.
This involves a check to a number of
big contracts, notably tbe dredging of the
Oakland harbor, the big drainage canal at
Chicago and the dredging of "the city
waterway" in the liaroor of Tacoma.
These big jobs, undertaken by rival
companies with the objectionable dredg
ers, may not be stopped, to be sure, but
they will have to go forward on a basis of
settlement with Bowers.
The decision is vory far-reaching. It
will put dredging, so far as it is done by
hydraulic suction dredging, in the hands
of A. B. Bowers, and this not only applies
to the work going on in this country and
to go on, but to big contracts in the har
bors of the world, notably some in Japa
nese and Russian harbors, contracts for
which are about to be awarded.
The big work being done at Tacoma has
been practically awaiting this aecisioti.
An application was made in the courts
there by Bowers for a preliminary injunc
tion on the strength of the decision of
Judge McKenna, but it was denied. This
decision will serve to secure the injunc
tion. The work there is being done by
the New York Dredging Company. The
work in Oakland harbor is being done by
the San Francisco Bridge Company.
The attorneys for Mr. Bowers in this,
said to be the most important patent case
ever tried on this coast, were John H.
Miller and John L. Boone. The briefs on
tile in the Circuit Court were presented by
Mr. Miller. The lung tight made by Mr.
Bowers, and which means millions to him,
has been fought for much of the time
under great financial embarrassment.
The defendants in the suits mill to be
brought include corporations, private in
dividuals, United States engineers and
the United Btate3 Government. It is
likely, however, that compromises will
be effected and that they will be required
to pay a royalty for using their dredgers.
The "cost of a hydraniic dredger of the
Bowers type is about $40,000, so that it
may be found cheaper to pay royalty than
to throw tbe big machines away that are
decreed to be infringements.
Heirs to a Snug .Estate.
Last Christmas Elizabeth Bollard was found
dead in her home in Providence, R. 1., her
husband having died a low days before. An
open letter was by her side addressed to her
niece. Miss Elizabeth Napier, 256 Eighth
street, this City, who with her widowed
mother are thought to be the only heirs of the
Ballards. The property of the Ballards com
prises a house and lot and some other real es
tate in Providence, and the estate is under
stood to ba valued at $6000 or $7000. Mrs.
Napier has written East to the Providence au
thorities claiming the estate. As yet she has
received no particulars concerning its value.
ONLY A SOLID
SEVEN IS LEFT
Supervisors Clinton and
Dodge Break the Com
bination.
They Would Not Caucus With
the Raineyites Regarding
Patronage.
Police Court Clerks an! Prosecuting
Attorneys Selected by the
"Organization."
There was no caucus of Supervisors last
night, as many politicians expected.
Nothing remained to be done, and they
were all at sea about one little thing or
another — or in other words, something
had dropped in camp. After the open
meeting the only thins remaining Unset
tled—at least so far as the Democratic ma
jority was concerned — was that trifling
matter of places on the Hospital Commit
tee of the board. This committee is al
ready under the control of the physicians,
but some difficulty has Deen experienced
in getting a third man to serve with them.
Seven of the Rainey Supervisors in cau
cus voted to relinquish their prerogative
of appointing various City employes. To
come nearer tlie truth, the solid seven
(pro tempore) — Supervisors Rottanzi, De
lany, Devany, Has Kins, liivers, Sheehan
and Britt — decided finally in formal man
ner to give "ihe patronage to the organ
ization," meaning the privilege of select
ing City clerks and officials to Boss
Rainey.
One of the most important duties falling
to the Supervisors' lot is this selection of
men to perform City work. Rule and
precedent make it incumDent on the ap
pointed officers to select with care, hon
estly and intelligently these employes of
the municipality, ana, indeed, this very
duty is encompassed in the pledge made
by the Supervisors. But the first act
almost of the solid seven (pro tern.) is the
open violation of this duty to the City.
Instead of choosing proper persons they
leave that part of toe municipal business
to Boss Rainey.
The first serious inkling of a rumpus,
which could not be overlooked, became
apparent Saturday night when the seven
ring Supervisors met at Boss Rainey's
beck in Dr. Rottanzi's offices at Third
and Folsom streets. This caucus began
shortly after 8 o'clock Saturday evening
and came to a close at 1 a. m. fSunday.
Drs. Clinton and Dodge were absent, tne
former at a banquet in the California
Hotel given by the retiring Board of Eiu
cation to the incoming School Directors,
and as for Dr. Dodge, he was attending
to his own business. Neither of them
would have anything to do with the
caucus.
They gave it the glassy eye. But as
there could not be a consultation of physi
cians Dr. Rottanzi prescribed medicine to
steady the nerves and allay the mental
disturbance of his colleagues. The dose
was to be taken repeatedly: "Sp. Fru
menti, two fincers; aqua Spring Valley,
nit." Spring Valley was good enough to
toast on such an. occasion. As the story
goes there was no other consolation and j
the solid seven (pro tern.) voted to let
Rainey select the men for City Hall
offices.
Supervisors Clinton and Dodge, it now
appears, told their Democratic brothers of
the board that they would positively ob
ject to allowing any one except the board
itself to make the appointments. This
was their duty to the people and their
right. And so the Democratic majority of
nine came to be badly demoralized, lor
Dodge and Clinton took a stand for the
right. The two Supervisors have parted
company with the Rainey seven, and may
be looked lor to appear as independent in
their voting.
It leaked out last night that the solid
majority would \e larger than seven,
witn Dodge and Ciinton out of it as a re
spectable minority. Anyhow, the cheer
ing additional fact was stated in this con
nection—the Spring Valley pipes will be
safe.
The Police Court prosecuting attorneys
have been named. They are E. P. Mogan,
Robert Mann, Charles F. O'Callaghan and
Charles A. Reynolds. Frank Drury was
withdrawn in favor of Reynolds, but there
still was some doubt about this office, as
Spinetti's chances improved considerably
yesterday through the influence of the
Fire Department.
The Police Court clerks have been se
lected as follows: Samuel Kohlman, who
was in Block's office; Joseph Hayes of the
Forty-second district, and now in the
Sheriff's office; Thomas Farrell, th« Sixth
street, plumber, and Captain John Foley of
the Forty-fifth district. Folev claims he
got the district from Gavin Me.Nab, and
his appointment insures, the Forty-fifth in
the Rainey column — to the victor, etc.
The assistant or warrant clerks were not
sew to-day:
GLABROUGH,
GOLCHER
# Guns,
Jsi Guns,
& Fishing
M Tackle, 1
Cotlery,
WM Baseball,
W% Football,
dJLi <f^ Tennis '
538 Market Street,
1 OPPOSITE (iRAND HOTEL.
XEWr 10-DAT- AMUSEMENTS.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSS
MKS.KKNKSTINK Kkkt.iko. Proprietor <ft ilaaa jar
EVERY E3VEHSTINO-.
THE JIAGNIFICKUT SUCCESS!
* THE HOME TRIUMPH J
"JACK
—AND THE
BEANSTALK!"
. SUPERB CAST!
3 GRAND BALLETS !-3
4 SUPERB TRANSFORMATIONS! -4
ENTRANCINO SPECIALTIES!
A TREAT FOR lOUXG AND OLD!
■ ' : I- : ■-: i~~— .:. . : ./- :: /
Pooula- Prices. :..... 25c *»nr! sOcs.
THE CHUTES.
Saturdays and Sundays only during improvements
.• • BOLLEK-SKATI 6 * RINK.
Open every ai.ernooa - and evening, rain or shine.
' : . Admission Free. ;
---■-•. . . "
NEW TO-DAT.
A Little Child
With a Little Cold.
That's all!
, What of it?
Little colds -when neglected
grow to large diseases and
Ayer's Cherry Pectoral
CURES COLDS.
i
selected last nijrht, with the exception of
Frank Drury, who was pulled down in the
light for prosecuting attorney and given
this place as a compromise.
The "organization" has made up ''his"
mind in conjunction with the solid seven
(pro tern.) that there shall be no change
in the office of the clerk of the Board of
Supervisors.
Forty-Fifth District Selection.
The Forty-fifth Assembly District execu
tive committee of tho Democratic party,
at a meeting neld last evening, recom
mended unanimously the following:
Captain John Foley, for clerk of the
Police Court; J. D. Cashin, for assistant
secretary Board of Education; City Hall
janitor, Daniel Ryan; gardener. James
O'Ne:l; patrol driver, Patrick Stevens;
sewerman, Daniel Harris; horse and cart
to James Kagan; rammer, John Hunter;
laborers, Frank Martello and Mike E3MI
-diJlo; janitor school department, M.
Hines. and indorsed Judpe J. A. Spinetti
of the Forty-fourth Assembly District for
Prosecuting Attorney of the Police Court.
NEW TO-DAY.
There is other good tea
besides Schilling s Best;
but none nearly so good for
the money.
If you don't like it, the
grocer returns your money
in full. .
A Schilling & Company
San Francisco !:-\ W
KEW TO>i»AT- AMUSEMENTS.
■
'rniPLAnatR.OOTTLOD«"<3>- usstJA.TDriArtA4«J-'-
WILL ~T~ APPEAR
POSITIVELY I TO-NIGHT!
W*A "f cIOSE:Pn ©
*oS>^ MURPHY.
j Supported by His ExcelJciit Seur Yorlc Sioci
Company, in tbe Companion Drama
' to "Kerry Oow," J
Introducing Mr. Murphy's Wond-famous Song,
"A HASDFII OF EARTH."
Monday, January 11 KERRY QOW
BALDWIN THEATER.
AlUaymi.x & Ca (Incorporated).....PropriB:ori
TO-NIGHT
■ AND...:
EVERY NIGHT THIS WEEK,
I>CLDOIN6 SUNDAY.
A PEHFKCT PRODDCTION OF
DENMAN THOMPSON'S FAMOUS PLAY,
THE OLD HOMESTEAD.
The Original Old Homestead Doable
Quartet.
Select Company of 5J3 Players.
Wonderful Electrical fleets.
Regular PrU-es -£5c to 81,50.
Matinee—popular prices—entire Dress Circle, $1;
entire Balcony, 50c and 75c.
MOROSCO'S
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
WALTER MOROSCO...SoIa Lessee and Manajar
First Performance on This Coast of the Thrilling
■ - Bnssian Melodrama,
"IN THE NAME OF THE CZAR!"
A Play With An American as Well as a
• . Kusslao Hero.
Intricate Stage Mechanism!
Sensational Scenic Effects!
Gorgeous Costuming!
Erenlne Prices— l»»c, 25c and i>9).
Matinees Saturday and Sunday.
O'Farrell Street, tween Stockton and PowalL
Week Commencing Monday. Jan. 4.
SIX NEW VAUDEVILLE STARSI
HALLUN AND FULLER,
ANNIE CALDW LL, V
THE TWO BOSTONS.
CHARLES WAYNE.
Continued success of NILSSON'S AERIAL and
KIRALFV'B GRAND OPKKA BALLETS.
'Keserved seats. Zsc; Balcony, lllc; Opera-cnairi
and box-seats, 60c. ■ ■ ; ■
111 OA7ADI DON'T MISS IT.
A I nHXiIR I Record°Breaker.
MkUfIJjLHJI Kecord Breaker.
"A SERIOUS TAMLE."
GEORGE OSBOURNE, HUGO.TOLAND
.'r. -. • And all the Favorites In the Cast.
Preceded by the One-Act Play,
" DRSAM PACE3I"
Seats by Telephone—Black 991.
PACIFIC COIST JOCKEY CLUB
(NCLESIDE TRACK),
The only Pertect Winter Bacetraclc in America.
R.H'i\G £|g|g RACIXG
Racing From Monday, Dec. 'is, to Satur-
. day, January 9, Inclusive.
Five or More Races Daily, Rain or Shine.
FIRST KACE AT 2 P. M.
Take Southern Pacific trains at Thirl anil
Townsend sts. depot, leavin? at 1 p. m.
Fare for Bound Trip, including Ad-
ruission to Grounds, Wl. oo.
Take Mlssion-st. electric line direct to traoic.
The Pommery Sec Stakes Tuesday, Dec. U9.
The Calif jrnia Oaks Stakes Thursday, Dec. 31.
The Shreve & Co. Cup Friday, Jan. 1. . ■
A. B. SPREC&ELS, President.
W. S. Lkakk, Secretary. •
SUTRO BATHS.
Open Daily From 7 A. >I. to 6 P. M.
CONCERT EVERY AFTEKNOON.
Admission — Adults 10c-. Children sc.
CIRCUS ROYAL.
People's Palace Building, 'Eddy and Mason sts.
EVENFNGS AT 8 O'CLOCK.
POSITIVELY LAST WEEK OF
GREAT GLEASON ! GREAT
In I His Wonderful Horse-Taming Exhi>
bltion. Any Kind of Steed Subdued.
PKICES-T-'iOc. «oc, 30c aud £>©o.
- a;-'"'' -■-- '"si mnTßiiwllirmrHrffl>wiiTirini>^*'liirru hjphh' imrhi—■MMnrnßrnt
78
COOK AND DUNNE
ASCEND THE BENCH
Two New Judges in the
Superior Court of
This City.
Ceremonies of Induction in De
partments Eleven and
Twelve.
Ex-Judge D. J. Murphy Was Eloquently
Eulog:z;d by cx-Judga Robert
Ferrai.
Two changes in the personnel of the
Superior Court Judges occurred yesterday
—Judges Jfnrphy and Sanderson retiring
and Judge i?rank H. Dunne and Judge
Carroll Cook assuming their positions on
tlie bench.
In Department 11 the introduction of
Judge Dunne was performed by Judge
Delcher, who for some time has presided
" over that department but who did not de
vote himself to the trial of civil cases. A
great many attorneys and other citizens
interested in the change were present for
the purpose of manifesting their gratifica
tion upon Judge Dunne's accession to the
place, for which he was chosen by so largo
a popular vote.
After Judge Belcher's remarks Judge
. Dunne called the morning's calendar and
decided that a general calendar be made
up for the department, the same to be
called at 10 o'clock to-morrow.
In Department 12 there were also some
interesting proceedings. Judge Murphy,
the veteran jurist, ascended the steps, ac
companied by Judge Cook, who as an at
torney has made a name for himself in the
criminal branch of the law.
The courtroom was crowded, many of
the noted members of the San Francisco
bar being in attendance. Judge Murphy
smiled as be looked over the throng and,
standing wiuii his hand on the reading
desk in front of him and indicating the
presence of Judge Cook by a gracious nod
o" the head, he said:
It is hardly necessary for me to introduce to
the members of the bar the presiding Judge
of Department 12. He is not alone weil known
io us all, but to the public generally, and it
affords me great pleasure to state that he will
be presiding Judge of this department I hope
ior ihe full Term of six years, lor wuieh he is
elected, and for many years thereafter, and the
clerk win spread upon the minutes of the court
the commission of Judge Cook In full.
I am weil satisfied that the bar will find in
Judge Cook a courteous, kind and considerate
Judge, and lie will undoubtedly expect the
baiue consideration, attention and respect
irom the bar, which he will, without question,
receive; and in introducing him and retiring
from the bench all I have to say on behalf of
myself is that I return my sincere thanks to
the members of the bar for the courtesies al
ways expended to me. I have endeavored to
do my duty and to treat ihe bar with that con
gideration to which it is entitled, and perhaps
in many instances I lailed to do so, but it was
more the result ot the .head than the. heart.
Judge Cook is now ia possession of Depart
ment 12.
There were manifestations when Judge
Murphy concluded his remarks, and Judge
Cook responded in these words:
On assuming the duties to which I have been
elected by the citizens of this community,
there is but little that I can say. As Juage
Murphy hns said, the members of the bar of
this City all know me. 1 have been one of you
now forever twenty years, and my oniy hope
is tnat in the new duties which 1 will be called
uj.ou to fulfill, I may be ade, by reason of my
experience as a practitioner and advocate, to
appreciate the difficulties tnat members of the
bar labor under in prosecuting cases entrusted
to their care, and to realize that it is some
times their zeal rather than anything else that
may cause them to persist in matters which
may not be entirely well founded.
1 know that in this community 1 have many
friends, aad I presume some who are not
iriends. but I will say to all that out of my
court 1 shall do my utmost to keep and main
tain whatever friends I have, but upon enter
ing the portals of this court my individuality
shall be entirely luid aside anu I shall know
neither friend nor ioe; whoever appears here
belore me shall be treated impartially, and I
intend to show the same consideiation for one
man as another, and my individuality shall in
bo case cut any part.
I hope that the members of the bar and my
self will always find our connections and busi
ness associations pleasant, ?.nd I shall cer
tainly do all iv my power to make them so,
nnd 1 will ask the members of the bar and I
know they will endeavor on their part to do
the same toward me.
Ex-Judge Robert Ferral arose and in a
*7ery impressive manner greeted the in
coming Judge, at tne same time paying a
merited tribute to Judge Murphy, who
was just retiring. He said :
If your Honor please, while it is entirely un
necessary for any member of the bar to in
dulge in any words, 1 desire to state that the
community at large has paid you a very high
compliment in electing you by a most extraor
dinary majority. 1 feel thc.t they are well
satisfied with the people's choice, and when
your Honor's time lor retiring has come and
you are about to resume active practice that
you will leave the bench as your predecessor,
Judge Murphy, tins, with the good opinions of
the bar and the public generally.
I feel that on this occasion it would be a
wrong to allow his Honor, Judge Murphy,
to pass from the sphere ot his public service
without a woru, and as one wno has a long
practice at the bar and served on the bench,
■who has knottn Mm for many years extend
ing over a quarter of a century, and knowing
the feeling entertained for him by all the
practitioners both in the civil department
and in those devoted to criminal busi
ness, I think it is proper to say
this, that as ho went on the bench
twelve years ago auei a very active life in the
practice and a me which is necessarily given
to many antagonisms, as it is utterly impossi
ble to carry on the prosecution of his pro
fession, particularly in criminal iaw, without
malting some enemies, yet he was elected by
his feilow citizens because they had seen his
life and believed that he was pre-eminently
well qualified to adorn the bench, and he has
so performed his clmies us to speedily win the
confidence of all the community 'and the
respect of th? members of the bar.
The only regret during his whole term of
office that I have heard expressed in regard to
Judge Murphy is, that he chose to take a civil
department, because we who practice here,
particularly in th« departments devoted to
criminal business, felt we had sustained a loss
just as the community had in probably the
ablest criminal lawyer on the bench.
I know it is ii very popular mistake that
almost any party cun be a criminal lawyer, and
almost auybedy can be a criminal judge, but
to those who understand, that is a very grave
and serious mistake.
It was a positive loss when we were unable
to again secure Judge Murphy's services, De
cause, as your Honor well knows, he was nol a
candidate for re-e'.ection. He desired to lay
aside the responsibility, the care and worri
rnent necessarily attached to the office, and to
again go back to practice. Had he Chosen to
serve the public further there is no question in
the world but what they would be delighted
to honor him with the position he so -well and
nobly fulfilled; and now In going ont of office
I feel that he has endeared himself to the pro
fession and to the community, and I do not
think there is a member of the bar to-day who
has any ill-feeling against him; but, on tie
contrary, that by his course of conduct, by the
manner in which he penormed his duty, by
that impartial character and that freedom,
and that stern determination to udminister
the law i:s it should be administered, honestly,
ably, conscientiously and kindly, he has
won their re.spect, tueir admiration and their
love, and I speak tne sentiments of the bar ol
San Francisco when I say we part with him
with sincere regrets, and realizing that his re
tirement irom the bench is a public loss to the
profession and to the community. I only
hope tnat should he again weary of practice iv
the next two years ho will consent to
again resume the Judicial mantle and the po
t-iiion he so nobly and honorably wore. Iv his
retirement he carries with him the respect,
confidence and admiration of all this com
munity, ana not only this community, but the
Biate at. large, because he made a State reputa
tion while serving the public of San Francisco.
Judge Cook responded in a similar man
ner, saying:
In that respect. Judge Ferral, I can only re
ply you riMve, iv everything you huve said, as
to the retiriiiK judge of 'his department,
voiced my individual sentiments. I have
known Judge Murphy ever since I was first
admitted to practice. At the bar of this City
I have appeared before him on many oc
casions as counsel, and I know that I never
in my whole experience at the bar appeared
before a judge who was in every way so
capable, so fair and so impartial as was the
juuge who is now retiring from this bench. I
know that no matter what question might
ftave arisen before him, they were all care
fully and conscientiously considered, and if
in his mind there arose any doubt as to what,
the law was, that doubt was always resolved
as it should be, in favor of the weaker party,
and I only hope that during the term that 1
shall be upon the bench as his successor,
1 may be able when I leave it to leave it with
the reputation equal to that of my prede
cessor.
Judge Murphy was visibly affected by
these expressions of appreciation by one
of the best known practitioners at the
local bar.
At the conclusion of the ceremonies
Joseph P. Stevens was appointed court
room stenographer and Oscar Tolie took
his position as clerk.
In Judge Dunne's department Luke
Kavanaugh was appointed official re
porter and Joseph Riley assumed the
duties of clerk.
Judges Hunt and Hibbard needed no
formality to induct them into office, as
they were re-elected to serve another
term of six years each. They ordered
their own election commissions spread
on the minutes of their respective courts,
and went ahead with the judicial tread
mill as if nothing bad happened.
Asthma cure guaranteed. Dr. Uortlin's Chocolate
Emulsion, V2l Davis,S.F.,< a!.sla bot.6-$5. Sam 6c
A GAME OF EUCHRE.
John Henneggy, an Old Man, Alleges
That He Was Swindled Out of
Twenty Dollars.
John Hennessy, an old man employed
by the Street Department, lives at 8 Ivy
avenue. He is fond of a game of euchre,
and a night or two before Christmas he
dropped into ihe saloon on the corner.
Michael Hannan, the bartender, Thomas
Cochrane and Joseph Mclnerny .were hav
ing a quiet game, and Hennessy was in
duced to taJce a hand.
Next day Hennessty swore to a complaint
in Judge Joachimsen's court charging
Coclirane with petty larceny, and the case
came on for trial yesterday. Hennessy in
his evidence was very bitter against Coch
rane and the saloon. He said lie first lost
fifty cents, then $5, and he went heme and
returned with v $20 gold piece. They had
been playine for a shore ticie when Coch
rane took the $20 gold piece from under
a cribbage- board, where Hennessy had
placed it, and reiused to give it ud.
Cochiane, Hannan and Mclnerny all
testified that the old man had lost the $20
fairly at the game, and was mad at having
to part with so much money.
The Judge will render his decision this
morning.
NIMRODS SHOT TO KILL.
Sportsmen Who Returned en
Sunday With Fur and
Feathers.
First Experience of the Mallard Club
in Shooting Sea Brant on
Tomales Bay.
\
The Sportsman's Protective Association
will meet this evening in the Knights of
Red Branch Hall, corner of Mason and
O'Farrell streets, and as business of par
ticular importance will come up lor dis
cussion relative to proposed changes in
the game and fish laws a large attendance
is expected.
Some very excellent bags of quail were
scored on Saturday and Sunday in the
vicinity of Point Reyes. Louis Meyers
and Thomas Walsh killed eighty-three
birds. Frank Vernon had a miscellaneous
string, consisting of quail, duck, cotton
tail rabbits, snipe and rabbits. He was
the proudest man on the cars returning
from Point Reyes Sunday evening. Billy
Kittle, the champion wing shot of the
Country Club, had been a martyr to rheu
matism for some week« and as a conse
quence few birds of any kind were regis
tered from the Country Club on Sunday.
John K. Orr was snipe-shootiug on the
club preserve last Saturday, and according
to his own statement he shot his doe acci
deatally. Some people said tbat the
canine "refused to obey orders and had to
be punished.
Lloyd Eaton, Al Newman, Victor Har
rier, the champion canvasback extermina
tor of Solano County, and "Bill Nye" had
a very chilly experience Friday and Sat
prday last on Tomales Bay. The sports
men left this City with the avowed in
tention of decimating the flocks of sea
brant that have, so to speak, taken pos
session of Tomales Bay. On their arrival
at a station named Hamlet they inquired
for the hotel and were escorted by a fisher
man to a resort which is known by a few
local sportsmen who are fond of brant
shooting as "the rest for the weary." "Bill
Nye" gives a description as follows of the
Hotel de Hamlet and the hunt:
"The fisherman escorted us to a house,
or shack, more properly speaking, that
had certainly seen better days.
"There was only one bed in the house
and that was occupied by the landlord,
but we were offered a bunk in a big fishing
smack, which was sufficiently large to ac
comodate four persons. The blankets,
sheets, etc., were made of potato sacks,
but we had to make the best of it, as there
was no use in kicking under the circum
stances.
''Well, we did not enjoy a very solid
night's rest, because you know an early
rise meant to us a big bag of birds— at
least we thought so.
"Saturday morning, long before the
gray streaks of daylight appeared in the
pastern horizon, we were out in Tomales
Bay waiting 'coldly' for the coming of the
sea brant, but luck was against us, and
only one solitary fool brant looking roossi
bly for a lost mate came within gun shot.
Well, he received a red-hot reception any
how, and I intend to sample the meat of
this highly prized bird to-morrow. I expect,
however, ~to find mo:e lead than meat, as
the poor bird received eight charges of No. '6
shot, but everything goes when you eat
gam« birds, you know.
"We woulu have done well had it not
been for a very high tide which spoils
brant shooting in Tomales Bay. My
friend Vie promised birds to all his friends
in Vallejo to-morrow, and as a friend shot
two doze., sea crows for us, Vie will try to
induce the Vallejoites that they are brant,
and I guess he will carry his point, If not,
then there will De a picnic."
Harry Golcber returned with about one
dozen quail from Point Reyes. He stated
that the birds were in the" heavy under
growth, and would not flush to open
ground.
Cooper, the famous snipe shot, John
Kerrigan, A. Lawrence and Louis Ron
deau bad fairly good snort, each scoring
a good m«ss of quail.
Frank Dolliver failed to bag many ducks
on Sunday. He missed five eood shots,
and his dog, "Lealherhoad," returned to
the hotel dicnstsd, but Frank, instead of
shooting at the dog, praised the animal
for his good sense and judgment. Charley
Brecht bagged one dozen snipe near Shell
viile. Anglers who visited Point Reyes
met with very poor luck. It is generally
thought that fishermen are netting the
sJeelheads at the mouth of the lagoon un
der cover of darkness.
fresh-Water fishes.
At the meeting of the Fly-casting Club, to be
heid in the rooms of the Fish Commissioners
on tne fourtn Tuesday in this month, Dr.
Charles H. Gilbert will talk to the members on
"The Fresh-water Fishes of California."
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JANUARY 5, 1897.
WIELDED AN AX
WHIT GREATH EFFECT
Very Exciting Scene Wit-
nessed on Sherman
Street.
Gustave Fingler Starts In to
Demolish the Rcof of a
House.
He Is Arrested on Charges of Assault
With a Deadlj Weapcn and
Malicious Mischief.
Sherman street, a small street running
south from Folsom to Harrison streets,
between Sixth and Seventh, was packed
with people yesterday afternoon for nearly
two tours.
A man was on the roof of 16}£ with
an ax in his hand, cutting up the roof and
knocking down the brick chimneys. The
occupants of the building, which is a two-
Gustave Fingler "Working on the Roof He Thought He Owned.
story house, were standing outside, terror
stricken, and men were on the roof of the
adjoining house too frightened to attempt
an assault upon the man with the ax.
Word was sent to the Southern police
station and Policemen T. L. Ryan and
Ed ODea were sent with the patrol wagon
to arrest the man. When they reached
the place there was a hot exchange with
bricks going on between the man with the
ax and three brothers named Kennedy,
who live next door and had climbed to the
roof of their house.
A long ladder was procured and Ryan
and ODea mounted to the roof of 16%.
\Vhen they reached the roof the man
dropped the ax down the chimney and
surrendered to the officers without a
struggle. The crowd cheered the officers
as they descended the ladder with their
prisoner and drove off with him to the
Southern station, where he was booked on
charges ot assault with a deadly weapon
and malicious mischief. One of the bricks
thrown by the man struck Willie Kenne
dy on the hand, nearly breaking the
bones, for which the first-named charge is
made.
The man with the ax was Gustaye Fing
ler, a cripple, 39 years of ape, Jiving in
Alamcia with his mother. He formerly
owned the house, but was dispossessed by
Flynn & Treacy, contractors, about eigh
teen months a«o by order of the Superior
Court, as he refused to pay his share of an
assessment for laying a basalt pavement
on the street.
Fingler in explanation of bis conduct
said: "I am the rightful owner of the
property, as it was illegally taken from
me by force in June, 1895, by Flynn &
Treacy. I did not sign the petition for v
basalt pavement, neither did my mother,
and they could not legally assess me
for H.
"I have notified them several times that
I am the owner of the property, and last
December I inserted a notice in The Call
that I intended maKing alterations to tlie
house. It was with that intention that I
went there to-day and cut ud the roof and
knocked down the chimneys. They can
not convict me of malicious mischief as
the property is mine.
"The charge of assault with a deadly
weapon is unfair. I did not throw any
bricks at the Kennedys till one of them
struck me on the jaw with a brick. Then
I had to defend myself.
"1 deny that Flynn & Treacy ever got
an order of court dispossessing me of the
property, and the records in the County
Clerk's office will show it. The lawyers
have been all against me and I cannot
get my rights."
The roof of the house, which a flat one,
is all cut to pieces and the chimneys are
demolished. The furniture of Mrs. A.
Gallacher and Miss Pauline Field, who
occupy the upper flat, is almost entirely
destroyed by the falling debris, and they
threaten to compel Fingler to make good
the loss. The lower flat is occupied by
Mrs. Catherine Flaherty. All the tenants
have been paying tbeir rents to Flynn &
Treacy. __^___________
STEUOK WITH A BOTTLE.
Harry F. Mann, a Shoemaker, and His
Wife Assaulted by a Customer.
Harry F. Mann has a shoe-repairing
shoo at 715 Hyde street. Last evening a
young man called for a pair of shoes he
he had left last week to be repaired. He
said he had no money, but would pay
Mann as soon as he was in funds.
Mann refused to give up the shoes un
less he was paid, and the young man left
He returned in a few minutes and struck
Mann on the head with an empty bottle,
inflicting a scalp wound. The bottle was
broken by the blow, and as Mrs. Mann
rushed to her husband's assistance the
young man struck her on the arm with
the broken bottle, which cut through the
sleeve of her dress and into the flesh. He
ran away, leaving his hat in the shop.
The patrol wagon was summoned, and
Mann and his wife were taken to the Re
ceiving Hospital, where their wound"
were dressed. They said they did not
know the name of the young man.
Policeman Bailey was detailed on the
case, and has possession of the hat as a
clew.
AS TO PEEFEEEED OEEDITOES.
An Interesting Point Decided in the
United States Circuit Court.
An interesting point came tip In the
United States Circuit Court yesterday in
the case of the Atlantic Trust Company
against the Wood bridge Canal and Irri
gation Company. This action is on the
ioreclosure of a mortgage on the canal
company's bonds.
In this there is no contest, but soon
after ilie action was begun a number of
creditors of the canal company appeared
in the case as intervenord. They set up
the claim that their claims should be first
satislied and the intervenors classed as
preferred creditors. These claims they
based upon the fact that some were em*
plores of the company and others had
furnished materials, etc. In other words
they should be preferred in the same
sense as a mechanic has a lien upon a
building upon which he has labored.
To these claims the trust companjrde
murred. Yesterday Judge McKenna
overruled the demurrer and gave the
trust company an opportunity to answer.
That is, he sustained the claims of a num
ber of intervenors and said that their
claims should hold pood over those of the
mortgage bonds, as it is necessary to keep
the canal as a "eoing concern," as he c-x
--pressed it. A number of claims of the in
tervenors he held were not entitled to
special consideration and they should be
duly considered when the main case
comes on nearing, which will probably be
before the Master in Chancery.
TO STAND HIS TRIAL.
Nicholas firennan, <li <• Betrayer of
Teresa Tarpey, Held to Answer.
Nicholas Brennan, the stenographer,
was yesterday held to answer Defore the
Superior Court by Judge Con Jan on
charges of criminal assault, extortion and
placing a minor in a disreputable house.
The bonds on each charge were fixed at
$3000.
Brennan is accused of having caused the
death of Teresa Tarpey, a young girl,
about two weeks ago. The day before her
death Judge Conlan held court at her bed
side and secured her dying testimony, in
which she chareed Brennan with the
crimes for which he will stand trial. The
cirl lived with her parents at 2820 Green
wich street.
Divorce Suits Filed.
Divorce suits were filed yesterday as follows :
Jeannie Marie Bigue against Jean Bigue; Ar
thur J. Allen against Lena AUen ; Daniel Gor
ham against Mary E. Gorham, and Carrie
Stoner against D. P. Stone r.
ENTERTAINED BY SOROSIS
The Ladies Give a Reception
in Honor of Frank
Lincoln.
Belles and Beaux at the Second Meet-
ing of the Monday Night
Dancing Class.
It is not often that a guest of honor con
tributes so yreatly to the success of an af
fair as did Frank Lincoln, tbe popular
humorist, at the reception given by
Sorosis, complimentary to him.
Mr. Lincoln and Hugo Mnnsfeldt, the
pianist, were the only representatives of
the sterner sex present, and taking all
things into consideration it must be said
that the ladies passed through the ordeal
not only triumphantly, but gracefully.
Mrs. H. E. Huntington Lad charge of
the programme, and the excellent variety
she presented reflects more than ordinary
credit upon her abilities as a hostess. At
2:30 the ladies began to arrive, attired in
handsome reception and calling gowns
and muffled to the chin in rich costly furs.
Holly and mistletoe, relics of the joyous
season scarcely yet passed, made the ar
tistic rooms brignt and festive like.
Eacti number of the programme was re
ceived with approving applause. Hugo
Mausfeldt gave with eiqciisite delicacy
Chopin's "Marche Funebre. " and for an
encore Lizt's "Campanella." Miss Cor
nel! followed with two vocal solos. "Part
ing" and "Her Guests." Then Mrs. D. H.
Kinney followed with an excellent paper
on "Our Duty to the Sick.' 1
Preceding Mr. Lincoln's monologues,
which brought the entertainment to a
close, Miss Cornell sang "Maying," and
gave for an encore a delightful character
song, "In Winter I Get Up by Candle
Lieht."
Mr. Lincoln during his slay in town has
given many samples of his art, and his
contributions to yesterday's programme
were made up of his choicest bits. His
stuttering lover's proposal put the audi
ence in rare good humor and he followed
rapidly with his travesty on grand opera
and his ABC sermons.
After the programme, between scalding
sips of Russian tea, Mrs. Huntinjjton pre
sented the guest of honor to the ladies
assembled, and the compliments of the
season were exchanged.
Golden Gate Hall was the scene of a
brilliant assemblage last evening, the oc
casion being the second meeting this sea
son of the Monday Ni«ht Dancing Class.
The guests were received by the patron
essess of the club, Mrs. Cav-tam Taylor,
Mrs. Carolan, Mrs. Smedberg, Mrs. Hoff
man, Mrs. McNutt, Mrs, Thomas Breeze,
Mrs. T. C. Van Ness, Mrs. Sidney M.
Smith, Mru. William Gwin Jr.. Mrs.
Georpe Pope, Mrs. Oseood Hooker and
Mrs. Winthrop E. Lester.
According to the rules of the class the
guests arrived early and dancing was at
once inaugurated.
At midnight light refreshments were
served.
NEW SERVIAN SOCIETY.
It Is Called the "Unanimity" and Will
Be Benevolent.
About forty gentlemen of Servian de
scent met Tuesday evening in the Palace
Hotel and organized a new benevolent
society called "Serbsfco Jerdutsto" and
elected the following officers: President,
M. E. Ljinbobratich; Vice-president, C.
Antonioii; treasurer, M. L. Metrovich;
recording secratary, N. A. Ragenovich ;
financial secreiary, B. Prokuriza. Trus
tees — N. L. Satencicb, L. Petriz and G. D.
Fabris. Physician. C. A. Glover, M.D.
After formally organizing and instruct
ing the officers, Mr. Petrovich made a very
appropriate and stirring address on the
benefits to be derived from benevolent
societies and condemned the practice of
allowing religious dissensions to crop up
among the members. He closed witn an
earnest and patheiic appeal to the mem
bers to make "Serbsko Jerduisto," which
signifies unanimity, their watchword.
A committee of three, consisting of F.
de Cortoni, K. Ragenovich and V. Vusco
vicb, was then appointed to complete ar
rangements for a banquet which is to be
given in Pythian Castle Hall on the even
ing of January 26, the finniversary of the
great Servian holiday, Savin-dair.
Contra Costa's Exhibit.
A space has been set apart in the rooms of
the State Board of Trade for a special exhibit
to be made by Contra Costa County.
For business men or country merchants
the Russ House is the best place in S. F.*
DR. ALEXANDERS
SCATHING WORDS
Scores the Journal, " Twin
Sister of the Examiner
of This City."
The Noted Divine Gives a Word
Picture of Princeton Cele
bration.
Ray. Dr. Wcodworth Gets a Presenta
tion Hat— R:V. Dr. Youag on
Isaiab as a Politician.
Rev. Dr. Alexander pave the Presby
terian Ministerial Association a frank and
humorous word picture yesterday of the
recent one hundred and fiftieth celebra
tion of Princeton Colleee. The speakers
and the speeches were all described, and
the address concluded with a few coming
ideas for the Pacific Coast, which had been
suggested by the doctor's visit East.
Cleveland's address st Princeton was
spoken of by Dr. Alexander in high terms.
"The President was very simple in hia
diction, which was good sense on his part,
as men of much more learning than he
possesses were present. His sentiments
were everywhere well received, except by
the New York Journal, the twin-sister of
the Examiner here, and it attacked him
very severely — I suppose, for advocating
honesty."
In summing up the results of his ob
servations at Princeton, Rev. Dr. Alexan
der said: "The academic gown and cap
appear to have come to stay, not only in
the college, but the pulpit. 1 suppose the
custom of preaching in the cap will get
l.ere in time."
The address concluded with the hope
that "God would put it into the heart of
some rich man 10 build a Presbyterian
college on the Pacific Coast, where stu
dents would have the religious influence
that they obtain at Pr.nceton."
The association elected officers yester
day, and when tho announcement was
made that Rev. James Woodworth had
been le-elected treasurer and secretary,
Rev. F. R. Farrand, the retiring presi
dent, rose and made a neat little speech of
congratulation to Mr. Woodworlh for his
eight years of efficient service as secre
tary. He said that in ancient times it
was the custom to crown the victor with a
wreath, and after describing tho wreaths
of Greek times, Mr. Farrand added: "I
teil you that our Brother Woodworth de
serves them all. I take great pleasure in
putting on our brother's head this mod
ern crown," and with these words he
drew a handsome new hat from a band
box ana placed it on Mr. Woodworth's
head.
In his speech of acknowledgment the
recipient of the hat said he would en
deavor to wear it as gracefully as he
could and see that the thoughts that
coursed beneath it were worthy of the
Presbyterian Ministerial Association.
The other officers elected were: Rev. R.
W. Reynolds, president; Rev. R. Liddell,
vice-president. Executive committee —
Rev. F. R. Farrand (chairman), Rev. H.
W. Sevier, Rev. G. W. Lyons.
"Isaiah as a Statesman" was the subject
of a paper read by Rev. I. S Young of can
Jose before the Bapti&t Ministerial Union
yesterday. "A true statesman," he sad,
"is not a trickster, but one who, with
heart on fire with love for country, in
tensely seeding its best good, discovers
the birth ol each new force and the trend
of existing forces." Mr. Young declared
Isaiau, viewed in this light, to be a true
statesman. A sketch was given of the po
litical conditions with which the prophet
had to cope, and Mr. Young showed in an
interesting way how valiantly Isaiah faced
his difficulties, "though il is no part of
my purpose to attempt to indicate to what
extent he was a mouthpiece only."
Professor T. P. Bailey of 'he State Uni
versity addressed the Congregational
Monday Club yesterday by special invi
tation. His subject was "The Atonement
from the Standpoint of a Philosopher,"
and he took a view of the theme which
the members of the club indorsed as
orthodox.
At the Methodist preachers' meeting
the brethren, led by Bishop Newman,
heM an experience meeting. Encouraging
accounts of the week of prayer were re
ceived from most of the churches.
Rev. Edwards Davi3 of the Central I
Christian Church, Oakland, described to j
the Christian pastors "The Influence of a !
Reserve Personality." According to him,
"No man is allowed by the natural law of
natural desire to use the dynamite of
speech who is not conscious of the power
of words through action. No man should
attempt to control wiio is uncontrolled by
self. Every man should : aye -striven not
for the knowledge of material things as j
for a divine wisdom of things spiritual"
The following officers of the Christian
Ministers' Society were elected: President,
Professor A. M. Elston, Berkeley; vice
president, Rev. Frank S. Ford, San Fran- I
Cisco; treasurer, Editor W. B. Berry of ;
the Pacific Christian, San Francisco; sec
retary, Edwards Davis.
KEONG MAKES DENIAL.
He Asserts His 1\ illingneas to Aid in
Bringing His Brother's Murderer
to Justice.
The statements made to the police by
some Chinese at 724 Commercial street,
that Chew Lee Keong, the brother of
Chew Ging, murdered on Jackson street
by a member of the Wah Ting San For.g
Highbinder Society, would not aid the
police in detecting the assassin, is bitterly
denied by that person.
Keong solemnly affirms that he is will
ing at any time to confer with the officers
of the law, if by such proceeding he can
assist in untangling the twisted skeins of
avidence. In fact, he is so eager lor this
truth to be im Dressed indelibly upon the
public mind that yesterday he went down
to the office of hij attorney, Alfred L.
Worley, and there repeated it in the
presence of a witness through the medium
of an interpreter.
Mr. Worley has sent a letter to Chief
Crowley denying the truth of the state
ments made to Sergeant Wollweber by
the Chinese at 724 Commercial street,
and emphasizing the alleged fact that
K-ong Is bubbling over with enthusiasm
to play the part of detective. Neither
does he believe that his client has any in
tention of becoming a participant in any
feud, something alleged to be entirely
foreign to hia patient nature.
The Railroad Case.
The Railroad , Commissioners' demurrer , in
the case of the Southern Pacific 'Company
against the Commissioners •was " overruled [by
United States Circuit Judge McKeuna yester
day. Judge Hayne appeared for the Railroad
Commission andstatea that whcn't be demurrer
was submitted it was done so that the de
fendants might get I all . the points in M the
premises on record, and that he would submit
the demurrer without argument. '■- Judge Mc-
Kenna overruled the ■< demurrer aad gave ; ten
days in which to 3 answer. -s All of .; these pro
ceedings were mora a matter of form than in
volving any material point or ■propositions in
the great railroad suit. ; \
The silk product of all countries in 1887,
the last year for which complete statistics
are available, was 52,000,000 pound!-, val
ued at $490,000,000.
A HUNDRED YEARS.
Will People, Be Stronger and Live
Longer At Tliat lime?
A well- known scientist says that in a
hundred year 9 Jrom now dhease will be
almost unknown, because people will have
learned how to take care of themselves
and medical science will have made such
wonderful advancement. This statement
may be true, but it i 3 also true that if peo
pe were only to take advantage of the
great discoveries of science even at the
present time they mi^ht po through life
without ever having a day's illness. Many
people have realized this fact and many
have discovered a way to keep strong and
well the whole year round. Here is an
opinion on tlie subject which showa how
they manage to do it:
Mrs. E!ia Feddermann, 291 W. Fayette
street, Baltimore. Md., says: "Sometime
ago I suffered irom terrible sinking spells
and headaches, as the result of a run down
system and extreme nervousness. I ob
tained no reli'i until a friend persuaded
me to try Duffy's pure malt whiskey.
After using it a short time I became fully
restored to health."
Science has pioved that for building up
a run down system nothing compares with
a reliable stimulant — preferably pure whis
key. vEvery person who has ever lried
DuffvTi pure malt whiskey huds tnat it is
uneaualed for promoting health. There
is nothing like it for making sickly people
strong and vigorous. Thousands have tes
tified to the wonderful benefit derived
from taking it. I
FINE FURS AND - - -
SEALSKIN GARMENTS
To order. Bemodeline and repairing at prices far
below those of any other furrier on the Pacltic
Coast. All wor< guaranteed.
AD. KOCOUB, Fashionable Furrier,
SV 2 Soarny Street,
TJpstairs— Chronicle. Formerly cutter
with Kevilloii Freres, Paris. London, New York.
L. A.Bertelln? Ires. H. Nordman, Vlce-Pres.
A. W. Kirk, Sec Jos. JNordmau, Treai.
427 KEARNY STREET,
Is the very best piece to bave your eyes examined
and fitted to glasses with instruments exclusively
our own, whose superiority has not yet been
equaled.
We have no rivals. We value our reputation;
we guarantee satisfaction, and depenU solely upon
the merits of our woric lor success.
DR.MCNULTY.
T»nrs WELLICXOWN AND RKLIABLE 6r/U
.1- l'rivatp,Nervous,Klood and. .
Diseases of Men only. Miinly Power restored. Over-
iOypars'fxpprience. Send for Book, fr<v?. I'atiehts
cured at Home. Terms reasonable. Hours, a to 3
daily ; 6:.» toS.:JOer's;s. Sundays. lOto 12. CoiisultM-
tlou free uud sacredly coufldeutial. Call oraddress
1». ROSCO£ M«SriTI.TT, W. ».,
Sti'4 Krarn.v Strr+t, Snn l'r»nci«»i. <C«1.
MBSEf VrtLCOX COMPOUND
jßrAffisY®PllLS
ffa Safe and unre relief, never taiL others
§Swß are imitation*. At all druggists. write for
Jt2« Wor.trn's Safegvard WILCOX MKDl-
■ ■■ cine Co., 22)* So. Eighth St.. I'hilada., Pa,
NOTARY PUBLIC.
pHARLES H. PHILLIPS.: ATTOXtNEY-ATW
\J Law and Notary Public, 638 Market s:., oppo.
site Palace Hotel. Telephone 670. Kesidsac* ItSM
ftil «tre«t- '1 elepaona *♦ Ptn« " 2691.
RAILROAD TRAVEL.'
A J-t ■ ' A-* ■ ■ __,--. ■■ -.
Atlantic "€||gi|fi
Trains leave auj arrtva tlf^^^^p^M
llcrkei-Screec lorry. i^&^rcpSlP^i* s
SASTA 11; LArlihSS. 111111
Xo Chicago via A. & r.^Ps£gs'§oUTea
. Direct Lino . : *<*CWr&^'C3Fgg
Leavesdalyats:j6 p. M..carrvlne Fullman Paiaca
Xirawlng-room and .Modern TJpbolstered TourU:
fcieeping-cars, which run dally through to Chicago
via h.ausas City. Annex cari for Denver and Su
Uoston Kxcurslons, v;a Kansas City, Chicago.
Montreal and the White Mouutains leave every
Xiesday. .
The best railway from California' to tho East,
r>ew rails, new ties: nodust;. interesting scenery,
ana good meals in Harvey's dining-rooms.
San Francisco Ticket Office, 644 Market
St.. Chronicle Kuilriing. Telcuhone .Qlaia
1531. Oakland. Ills ttroadway.
TflE SAS FRMCISCO MD SAS JOAQUIS
VALLEY UAimY COMPANY.
FROM JASUARY 1, 1897. passenger tralus
will run daily, excepiin; Sunday: .-i
Botithbound. . station). ■ Northbound.
7:ii'> a.m. .......'...5t0ckt0n....!..... 6:10 P. M.
9:19 a. m...... ...... Merced. ...... 3:14 P K.
11:60 a m... ...Fresno... 1:10 p.m..
i"or intermediate stations see limn-table. .-
Connect! steamboats of the C. 'N. & I. Co.
leave San Francisco at 6 p. m. dally, excepting
Saturday, and Stockton at 6 P. M. dally, excepting
bunday. ~ . ■-.-.,.:■ .
"IOIIJIT TAJIALPAIS.
cJart^ai^oadf* WltH ° rth Paclflo
Wi5J<:K i)AY»-Leave S. 9:l<i a. m 1 -4S P
■ ofT ReturnlD -Arriv« s. f. 3:25 p m. 6:20 p it
SUNDAYS- LeaveaF. Ba. m 11:80 aTm. i:3Jp^
Beturning- Arrive 8.F.1 :16 p. m 4:20 p.m. 7:35
'llckets for sale In Mill Valley or "•'"•*'
™.T, H COUK & >O.\si, 6^l Market st., 8. F.
Mill Valley and Mount Tamalpais fcScenic Kail way. |
/^w"s?^a^obacS s^L cla mforothe W\f -^d»^
v^^^^^^ knows thereisnonejust^^^^^^
egJx^^^p^^s^. OVL wll fi n^ one coupon inside .*«**msfe?MC
iW^^^^^ C ponnnSde C ceacha b ch ' fo^ tW ° cou- >!»i3^%^Li a
Jlfe^WJl P ons lusldc each four ouncp M/k _; w
:^^^
SOITIIKBN I-ACIFIC CO3IPA»
(rACJFia SVSII-.M.) :
Tr»tn» lrav<> »n«l «r«;l« »o " rrl ** »*
KAN UUNCI^tO.
LKAVE -_r ? oTtTvNiAi;v 1, 1397. -r_Aßßivj
*8:O»a NKts. Mau Jose and Way Stations... ■ gj*»£
7:OOa Atlantic Express, Ogden and Km*.: ;»»*•>«• ,
■ 7:00 a Benicia, Vaoavilie, Ruiasey. .Sacra-
mento. Oroville and Bedalßl via 6 . 45p
B, 7:80 a Martinez'. Saniiimon.VuilVjo, Napa, . . _«,
, . , . (Jaiistoga and S»nt« R05a... ....... »•*•*. ..
,-' Bi3Oa Niles. .San -.Jose. Sr.ocklou, lone, .
Sacramento, HarysTiUo, Ch;co, -„_.
■-.•■•■ TeliMi* and nedlUulT - ;* J"J
•8:30 a I'cU-rs nud JUilten ••••• «*»f
9:0« a Orleans K»l>rees, KaymomHtor ,
Yosouiito), i'ies!io,\ UakersiieM, ,
Kantii liarharn, T. 03 A»)|eles, Dcm-
iitjf,- El l'aso.New Oilcans and 4f45^
l^ast.,... ........••••..-•.....
. 9:00 a Martinez and'stocktou • • *}* *'
9:00 a Vallejo... : °- IJP
Nilo», San Jose, LiTcnuore and ■■_-■_
Ktocliton.... " •• tn'.nnjF
M:oopS3cram«ntoniTerSte»nierß......... ZIViT
l:OOp Niles, f-.ni Joser.nd l.iverraora ..... .~ # 1?t
1 1 :Uop Port CosU and Way Stations. . ...... t< • **>T
4:O«U- Matinez, Han lUim.hi. \ nUojo. 
Kara, -<Jar;sl»B». Xl Verano Mid OtlaA :
SaiiUjtosa v »«I»A
#tOOp Benicia, !! Va<r»Tille, Wooillanu,
Ki:ishts Landing Marysvillc, Oro- •.
Tillo andSacmniento............. 11-I3A
4t3or Lathrop, Stoctton, Modesto, Mer-
ced and Fresno, Roicg *ia Niles,
roturning fia Martinez 11»43a
SiOOpLos AngeUs Kxprcsn, Tracy,
Fresno, Santa ISarbara and l,os
Aii K el.-s • ..•■••• 10i«SA
BiOOp Santa IV Jtonte Atlantic Kxprcss _
f.,r Rlojava and Lu5t....... JO:-1»A
O:Ol»p i:uroi>oan Mail, <» .k... and Ka3t.... I>A
6:oopHaT«!ir<l», Biks»ml .San Jos« »l!3«i
(7:00 1- Valkjo •'••;•••« IT.*O»
7:OOr Oreßou i:xi>rpra.Sacrameiilo, Marjs-
ville. ■■ISe.Mliic, Tw timid. Pugct
Sound and Last •••• I lil 5 A
H10:00p"8unB6t Limited." I resno Los
SANTA VIW/j lU VISION (Xarro<r»nui;e>.
J»»I»A Newark.«>nter»»Uo Saii.l<»»e,l il
IJouKU-rCreek.SaiitaCnizand \/ay
Stations ■ • - ' " OIOWF
•8:15p Newark, Centcr»ille, San .lose. ise\r
Almaden. Felton, Houldcr Creek,
Santa Cruz and Principal >>ay o -
Stations •• "■••*•*
4sltlr Newark. Hail j'<i»e'and J-4is <;atos ... 9:30 a
tll:43pHu-jtcn' Excursion, Ban Jose and 9
WnyKtationa ...■■■■■..■.;■■....• 17:30p
COAST DIVISION (Iliird .V limthm-iiil Sl«.)
0:43 a linn .loso n.ud Way Htotious (New
Almaden Wodnesdajs only) ...... IJSO*
S:ISASan .ld.se, 'Ires I'iiiou, Santa CflW.
racific Qrov*. Piiso KoWes, San
Luis <)l)isi>o. Ouadalupc, Surf and
rriuclnal Wny.i Stations 7:OOp
IO:4Oa San JoauandWny Stations B: II2 P
11:30 a PttloAJtO and Way Stations S:30».
, *2:3Ui> San Mateo, Menlo Park, Man .lose,
Gilroy, Tres l'iuos, .Santa Cru:,
Salinas,Monterey and PiicilicCJroi'e "lOi-iOA.
■JbMrfltn Jose and Way Still ions 9:43 a.
•4:3Opf;'an Je*eain( Way Stations •H:O3a.
3:30 Jose and Priucipal Way Stations •8:-S3a
O::iOi> San Joso and W«y Stations <1:35\
111:45 !■ San .loso Way Stations -t?:43p
* SAX lihAMiltO AMI HAYWAKII.s I.O<:AL.
t»«:OO fc ; '~~ ( 7:13 A
8:0<»A \ fO:4SA
loJooa I Helroso, Seminary Park, ]V!i3a
a .'-o«r ,SanLeandro *****
i;HSp . " d i »
g;»«r n. nard.. •**>
7:(>op 8:4.1 p
J*:oOp 9:43p
9*oop ' Kuns through to Niles. l0:3Or>
ttII":I3PJ t From Niles. f»12:OOp
* CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
From FRISCISCO— of Market Street (Slip 8)—
♦7:15 9:00 11:00 a.m. Jl:00 *2:30 t3:CO .
•4:00 . t5:00 *6:03p.»i. ' .
rromOAKtAHC— Foot or Broadway •6:00 8:00
10:00 a.m. U2:00 *l:00 t2:00 *3:00 t*;CO
"5:00 p.m. ■ | ___^
A fox- Morning. P for Afternoon.
• Sundays excepted. t Saturdays only,
J Sundays only.
ft Monday. Thursday and Saturday nights only.
•[Tuesdays and Saturdays. § Sundays and Thursday.
SM FRISCISCO & PA-
CIFIC RAILWAY CO.
Tiburou -Foot of Market St.
San Francisco to San Rafael.
SVEEK DAYS— 7:3O. 9:00, 11:00 a.m.: 12:3\
3:30, 6:10. 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
. at 11:30 p.m. Saturdays— Kitra trips at I:S J
and 11:30 P. if.
SUNDAYS— 8:00, 9:30, 11:00 a. M.; 1:30, 3:3Jl
6:00, ti:2op. v.
' San K:*fael to e »n JFr»ncl«co.
| WEEK DAYS— 6:IS. . 7:50. 9:20, .11:10 a. sf
ia:4s, 3:40, 6:10 p. M. Saturdays— Extra crlpi
at 1 :55 P. M. and 6:35 p. St. ■ r
SUNDAYS— BtiO, 9:40, 11:10 a. it: 1:40, 3:101
6:00,6:25 p.m. . t
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Paric saa*
. schedule as above. > .
Leave i Tn pffop* Arrive
San Francisco, j oct 14." B&n Franc
I Wekk I SUJf- i, Itf.1 t f.? a 5; lon SDK- | WKKK
j Days. | i>ays. "Mtination. PAY 3. | p AYa .
7:30aM:8:00 AM| Novato, 10:40 ah! 8:40 ax
8:30 9:3oam Petnluma, 6:10 pm 10:25 a>£
6:10pu|5:00 Santa ttosa. 7:35 Ixl 6:22 FK
v . Fulton,
7:30 ak Windsor, 10:25 AM
Healdsburg,
i ytton,
Geyserville,
3:30 pm 8:00 AM Cloverdale. 7:35 PM[ 6:22 FTC
I'ieta,
Hopland & \ .
7:30 am 8:00 am Ukiah. 7:35 pm 6:22
7:30 am I I 10:25 ak
8:00 am GuernevUle. 7:35 pm
3:30 pm | I 6:22 pk
7:30 am 3:01) am Sonoma 10:40 am 8:40 ax
• and
6:10 pm 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. 6:10 pm 6:22 pji
■ 7:»OAM|B.6T)AM ha . tODO t H«:4o am|lo:2> ak
i S:3oPMis:oorn beba3topol 1 6:10 pm| 6:22 Pac
Stages connect at Santa Eos* for Mark West-
Springs: ai Geyserville for Skairgs Springs: as
I Cloverdaie for the Geysers; at Pleta for Highland
I Springs, Kelseyville. Soda Bay and i*akeport; a;
Hopland for Lakeport and Han Spring*; at
I TJkiah ior Vichy Springs, Saratoga Springs, Bins
Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake, Upper Lake, Porno, Potter
Valley, John Day's, Riverside, Llerley's, Buck-
nell's, Sanhedrin Heights. Hullvilie. Booneville,
Greenwood, Urr'3 Hoi Springs. Mendocino City
Fort Braeg, Westport, Usal, -WUlets, Cahto, Co-
! velo, Laytonvlile, Harris, Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at reduced
rates. ' '
. On Sundays round-trip tickets 'to all points b»-
yond San Bafael at half rates.
Ticket Officps. R5O Market st., Chronicle bnildlnz.
H. U, WHITINO, B.XRYAN,
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent.
KORTfI PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD
. (Via Sansalito Ferry),
Item B*a Francisco, '.onmicnolnj Sept. 13. 183 J,
■ , WEEKDAY*
For Mill Valley and San Kafaol— *9tia
11:00 A. M.: "l^S. 3:45, *5: 15, »5:40, p.m.
Extra trips for Ban Kufa«l on Mondays, Wedae»
days and Saturdays at 11:30 p. m,
, , BOKDAV&
For Mai Valley and Son Bafael— -.00, •10: C»
•11:30 a. M.: »l:80. 3:00, »4:bO. 8:16». M.
Trains marked • run to s<tn Quentin. v
THKOOGH TKAISS.
For Point Reyes and way stations— 7i2s a. s.
Weekdays, BKW a. m. bnndays, 1:45 n, m, tjatn>
t or Cazadero and war stations— 7 :2s a, m. k**^
*aysi I^sr.M.Sjaturdays. - -*•■• *^»MAYOR PHELAN PRESIDING OVER THE NEW BOARD OF SUPERVISORS.
PHELAN TAKES UP THE REINS
OF MUNICIPAL GOVERNMENT
He Plainly Points Out the Way of Duty and Needed
Reform to the New Board of
Supervisors.
fays the Peop'e and C.tv Are
Overcharged 'or Light
and Water.
ALSO ADVISES IKVESTIGATIONS.
So id Talk About Tix:s, Crmeteries
and Trolleys — A^dre^s cf
Ex-Mayor Satro.
The Mayor's office is now occupied by
James D. Plielan, the tirst naive son to
hold the office of chief executive of San
Francisco. Mayor tsuiro left the office
yesterday afiernoon for the last time in
his official capacity.
The ceremony ot introducing the new
Mayor and Board of Supervisors yesterday
afternoon was pretty much according to
custom. The as?embly chamber and City
Hail corridors were crowend. The two
Mayors, so to s-peak, met il! the executive
office, and proceeded together to the com
niittee-room of the Board of Supervisors,
where the old and new members bad as
sembled. Mayor Phelan and ex-Mayor
Sutro walked arm iv arm into the assem
■ bly chamber, and each new and old Su
pervisor followed arm in arm in line. The
Mayox ana ex-Mayor occupied seats on
the platiorm. and each new Supervisor re
mained standing while the retiring mem
bers occupied the seats pending the trans
action of the usuai preliminary business.
Then as their names were called the new
members presented their credentials and
took their seats, the old members during
the remainder of the ceremony occupying
chairs behind them.
Supervisor King" of the First Ward was
super--eaed by Supervisor Devany, Super-
Tiaor iiculJy of the Second Ward by Super
visor Ha.-kin-, Benjamin of the Third by
Delaney, Hirsch 01 the Fourth by Shee
han, Dimood by Dodge in the Fifth,
Hughes by Lackmanu in the Sixth, Dud
ker by Rottanzi in the Seventh, Taylor by
Morton in the Eiphtb, Morgenstern by
Britt in the Ninth, Spreckels by Smith in
the Tenth, Hobbs by Clinton in ihe
Eleventh, Wagner by Rivera in the
Twelfth.
Ex-Mayor Sutro then made his retiring
address and introduced Mayor P&elan.
'c said:
■ Gentlemen of the Bonrd of Supervisors: Our
term of office has expired. The ouly thing we
bave to do now is to turn over our part of the
City government to our successors.
" A great city like San Fra-nclsco has many re
quirements. They grow from year to year,
and new legislation ii needed to maintain ana
control the City's natural progress. The orig
inal consolidation act has been supplemented
by innumerable legislative and municipal en
actment*—& veritable' wilderness of law—
which, in their construction and application,
cause great Contusion and loss.
It iiu.s, therefore, becomb an absolute neces
sity to adopt a new fundamental' iaw or char
ter. This should b« clear, concise and com
prenensive, bused upon the be-t experience of
other cit.es in the United Stales ana in
Europe. During the two years oi our adminis
tration hardly a day has paaaed that we have
not been vividly and lorcibly reminded of the
cumbersomeness and other imperiections Of
our present laws. ■ The action ol tne Legisla
ture has conferred on the Governor of the
State many of the powers iim rightly and
properly be.ongto the Mayor ol San Francisco,
and the decisions of the bupreme Court have,
in many cases, reduced late chief executive of
tne City to the position ol a mere clerk.
The curse of our largo cities are the wealthy
corporations, which own nearly all the public
utilities and by the unscrupulous use ol
wealth have succeeded in raiiruig control oi
tbe political management cf municipal effalrg.
If tne City o.w:ed its waier. gas, electrical
and othe: public works as'weil as us street car
lines, the saving per annum would amount to
millions and mtgnt, in time, make it possible
to dispense with ail direct taxation, busues
removing the greatest source and occasion ol
corruption. .
These corporations have been a drawback to
our growtn and prosperity. San Francisco, by
its geographical position. itR magnificent har
bor and climatic advantages, should cemmaud
rhe traffic of the whole Pacific Ocean. The
high port ciiarpes and other obstacles raised
.through the influence of corporations have
almost driven aivay our maritime commerce,
and year »ftf-r year the Nicaragua canal bill
has been defeated by ihe secret machinations
of the railroad powers.
Hereafter let the citizens of San Francisco
sojidly unit© to raise our beloved City to tlie
rank to which it Is entitled, and permit me to
express the hope and belief that the incoming
administration, in its efforts for good, honest,
impartial and economical government, may
excel all that have gone before 1 1. yaggWjPHfog
As far as I, Individually, am concerned, dur-
V
ing the two year 3 of office Just terminated
have striven to serve ihe people honestly and
impartially, and if in this board we have had
differences of opinion on public questions our
l>er>onal relations have generally beeu ot a
pleasant character, and you have my best
wishes for your future prosperity.
Mayor Phelan then responded, reading
his inaugural . address with a crisp, busi
ness-like manner and tone of voice. He
tskes a firm stan'l for retrenchment, econ
omy and public improvement. Hes3id:
To the Honorable tbe Board of Supervisors:
J'urs'j, nt to.custom, I will take this oppor
tunity of addressing you, the newly eieeted
Board of Supervisors, who will have iv your
keeping the welrare : tiiis^Oity and County
tor next nro yearsr You by.ye been rrilied
to a high' and res; on-ibln Irust and. invested
with lurge powers ut a time when ihe citizens
of >an Cisco have to an unprecedented de
gree ken an interest in public matters. The
rise of improvement clubs, the discussion of a
! new charier and ttie imposition ol an exces
-1 sive tax have brought the forces of good gov
i ernment to the frout to make battle for a
i better, more progressive and more widely
economical administration of municipal at-'
fairs. The people huve expressed confidence
In yorf willingness and ability to undertake
this task, and they place their reliance in
your integrity and honor. You have been'
pledged by your several political parties speci
fically and generally to a business-like admin
istration of tho City's affairs.
He expressed regret that the City has
not a more satisfactory charter than the
consolidation act, and said no municipal
progress on broad and enduring lines is
possible tili a new charter based on the
experience of other American cities is
adopted. He said it would be bis first
duty to consider economy without parsi
mony. The people desire/improvement*,
but they want tbe public revenues pru
dently expended. His;h taxation in the
.past bas been due to waste and extrava
gance and to tbe shifting of the tax bur
dens, especially as to franchises and per
sonal property, which, be told the new
board, it is in their power to remedy. The
board, sitting as a board of equalization,
should cooperate with tbe As.-es^or. He
said he would point out one or two of sev
eral extravagantly conducted City depart
ments to illustrate the spirit of extrava
gance which has crown un in the munici
pality which could be remedied by the
board or by tne Legislature, and he rec
ommended the appointment of a legisla
tive committee to watch and prevent
legislation inimical to the City.
In 1893-94 the County Clerk's office ex
| pended lor salaries the sum ol $76,201. In
1894-95 -hat sum had crown to $95,686, and
in 1895-96 to about $134,000. There must be
a leglsliitive check put upon the wiistelui ex
travagance of this office, because tiie County
Clerk himself refuses to voluntarily conduct
liis office within reasonable limits of expendi
ture.
The cost of the clerical force in the office of
the Justices of the Peace has increased <ver
lHgt year '25 per cent. In the license office
there has been likewise an increase of about
; 20 per cent, while the Police courts have be
' come a large source of expense, whereas
lormerly they were a source oi revenue to the
< ity. Trie Supervisors should recommend the
Legislature to abolish one of the courts, as
; three courts are amply sufficient lor the ncces
• sitiesof this City.
I The sum of $ 24,720 has b -en set aside for
: j.mitor service iv. the new City Hall, which is
; ciearlv excessive. But not only the amount
i expended, but the character of the work dove
has bsen the cause of public indignation.
He called attention to the abuse of the
nrgen: necessity fund. The sum of $29,
--730 15 had beer, expended for tninga
: wliicb were in no sense an urgent neces
sity. About $1,000,000 bad been expended
for supplies throughout the City depart
ments, when he knew from competent
author ty that '25 per cent more than the
retail price was paid for them. He recom
mended the aboiiliou of the fish and game
warden as an unnecessary office.
The contract for lighting public build
| ings and streets by gas baa been let for
| nearly two years ahead. He had been in-
I farmed by competent authority that 12
: cents per lamp is exce-sive and recom
] mended investigation. He made the s-arue
criticism and recommendation in regard
to public electric lighting, the price being
j more than is charged private individuals
! in the same circumstances. The advance
i of gas and electric stocks was due to the
i increased ejirnine capacity of the com
pat:y. In New York, win-re tbe gas and
electric companies have combined, as they
have here, the Board of Aldermen had
taken steps toward the acquisition ol a
gas ana electric plant, fearing the power
of the combination.
The majority of this board are pledged to a
material reduction oi the cost of gas, electric
lignt and telephone service, wh.ch can be
•lone without any injustice to the uompbnies.
We are paying nearly doubly ihe price of elec
tric and Kas illumination in this City that is
paH lv Eastern cities, Bnd while the condi
tions are different the difference is not by any
means as considerable as that. As an example
of municipal progress 1 would call your atten
tion to the fact that thecitv of Glasgow niter
January 1 will levy no municipal taxes, the
revenue from the wnter deDartment, street
cars and gas being sufficient for all municipal
expenses.
In regard to the fixing of water rates by
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JANUARY 5, 1897.
the board next ruontti Mayor Phelan said
it had been suggested in public discussions
that 5 per cent interest is enough to allow
the company on its bonds and capital
stock in addition to it? operating expenses,
and that £ per cent is jfair and reasonable,
especially in view of the belief that the
company is overcapitalized and that
much of its property is held for specula
tion instead of use in supplying water or
to exclude competition. He recommended
that the board at once take steps to in
quire into the real value of the Spring
Valley Water Company's property and
fix the rates accordingly, as the water
rates in San Francisco, compared with
those of other cities, are unmercifully
high. He continued:
The suburbs of the City should have the fos
tering care of the municipal authorities, for
the benefit of any part of the City is the bene
fit of all. By making the suburban and resi
dential districts attractive we can recover our
lest population from the bay counties and
oilier parts of the State, which was driven
away by bad and unclean streets, neglected
park's anu unsanitary conditions. By attract
ing population to the suburbs, the assessed
wealth of the City, which comes from the
presence of population, will materially in
crease and compensate us for any unusual out
lay.
In regard to the closing of cemeteries he
said it is unfortunate toat as the law now
statids there is no restrictions on burials
in the City limits, although the City doubt
less has power to forbid burials as a
measure lor tne preservation of the public
healti;. Also large cemeteries retard the
growth ar.d development of the City. He
recommended the passage of an ordinance
fixing a term 1 after whicn burialg in the
City limits shall cease.
He suoported practical trades and tech
nical education in the public schools, and
said :
There has been extravagance in the School
Department, as was receutly evidenced by the
Grand Jury report, which concluded thus, and
to which lea hour attention: -'In 1883-84
there were 31,578 pupils. average attendance,
wilh 714 teache.-R, witb salaries ot $057,824;
in 1895-Oti, wish 32,436 average attendance
there wore 928 teachers, with salaries of $872,.
311— that is, an increase of 858 pupus had
been attended by an increase of 214 teachers
and an increased expense of $214,487 for
teachers' salaries.
He commended tbe Merchants' Associa
tion for its work in assisting City officials
in the direction of the use of public mo.i
eys for the improvement and cleaning of
streets. Tbe new plan of repaying streets,
the City to pay half the expense and tbe
property-owners the other, sboula be en
couraged.
There has been a general demand for the re
pavement oi Market street ami you will have
to give this subject your careful consideration.
The pavement should be at once durable,
smooth and possibly no aelcss. As a mere
suggestion I call your attention to the fact
that many Eastern cities have laid wooden
pavements of yellow pine blocks, treated with
creosote oil, upon a concrete foundation. This
pavement offer* an apparent advantage over
asphalt or bitumen, inasmuch as it has been
demonstrated to be durable, smooth and noise
| less and, at the same time.it prevents the slip
ping of horses and reduces the wear and tear
oi vehicles. European cities have recently
i Riven preference to such wooden pavements.
; I would in this connection call your aticntiou
I to section 11 <>f general orders of the Super
! visors. Xo. 1587, regulntinr the width of the
tires of wheels, for it is useless to put down
fine pavement unless every means is employed
to preserve it.
There is estimated to be 16,000 bicycles in
use in this City, ami the introduction of this
means of conveyance has made it even more
incumbent upon the Supervisors to provida
1 the streets with smooth surfaces between the
I homes of the people and their workshops,
I and between the parks and residential sec
tions and the center oi the City. Certain
streets shouid be maintained as boulevards
lor the safety and pleasure of the people. In
order to enhance the beauty of the streets
tree planting In the suburbs should be gen
erally encouraged on the sidewalks.
He recommended that the telegraph
and telephone companies be required to
remove the poles from downtown side
walks, put the wires in subways, as has
been done in ruo-t Eastern cities, and
that iron bins sunk in the edge of side
walks take the place of the present un
sightly bins for street sweepings.
He recommended, in the matte of
granting street railway franchises, that
new measures should be enacted by the
Legislature, and also recommended tiie
underground trolley system, tbe economy
and perfection of wnich has been demon
strated in New York.
He took a strong stand against adulte
rated and diseased food and milk. Tbe
public health is a matter of first considera
tion in cities.
He recommended that while the one
company bond system for City officials
has much to recommend it, the law
be amended so as to require two companies
to quali/y.
The completion of the new City Hall is
promised this year by the hoard ot Commis
sioners, and it is a matter of congratulation
that the now Board of Supervisors will at
length occupy v c. mpleted building. Tho
money sawl in tn's direction will, among
oth»r things, enable the Supervisors to keep
down the tax levy, which has grown progres
sively in the last ten years until the total rate
per 100 tor <'ity, County ami Stute purposes
reached $2 25, yielding the enormous sum of
16.872. 1 his year the amount which will
bp mis d ny tfi.xaticn for the same purposes of
$5,901,000. Last year the assessed valuation
of tiie City's property, upon which the rate is
$2 25 wns letted, was $327,805,147.
This year, in addition to an increase of
• bout $30,000,000 made by the Assessor, the
State Board of Equalization added 20 per
cent, increasing the total assessment to $422,
--069.000, a gross injustice to the city at large,
and which, if permitted again, should bo
stubbornly resisted by the Board of Super
visors. Tiie tax levy upon this busls will pro
duce this year ior City and County purposes
$4,090,000, and for State purposes $1,810,000,
or an exact total oi $5,901,000. In addition
to tho revenue derived to ihe City from direct
lax ut on, amounting, as above, to $4,090,000,
the City is in receipt of revenue irom other
sources amounting to $1,630,513 and from
railroad taxation of $1974, making a grand
total of the revenues of the City for the fiscal
year of 1896-97 of $5,722,186.
'ihe Ciiy property, including the parks, lots
and improvements, is estimated to be worth
$25,000,000, and the net indebtedness of the
City, represented r>y b^nds, amounted on June
30. 'l 89(5. to but $186,000.
The majority oi this board is pledged during
its term of office to levy no tax in excess ol $1
on thi $100, on a basis of $310,000,000 of as
sessed property, exclusive of tne needs of the
park and the smaller parks and souares. As
tht- amount allowed for the park this year is
$250,000 find lor the sina.ier parks and
tquarts $30,000, the total revenue which can
be raised t>y tnx-uion will r.nrter this pledge
amount to $3,3b0,000, as aaainst $4,090,000
raised this ytur, which forces upon you the
necessity of retrenchment in the various de
partments, which I am sure cm be done with
out impairing the efficienc" of the public
service, as we have alr.ady seen.
In conclusion, gentiemen, 1 desire to assure
you that 1 wili be always ready to co-operate
with you in any work designed to benefit the
City. But I iiia convinced that high taxes not
only repel population, but discourage ail pro
ductive enterprises, and no city Can prosDer
that is laboring under great and unnecessary
burdens. The watchword of our administra
tion must then be, and the sentiment involves
no inconsistency, enlightened economy and
municipal progress. San lrancisco, by reason
of its location, is one of the great cities oi the
world, and it should also, with its natural ad
vantages, be one of the most attractive and
prosperous cities. I tru^t that you will dedi
cate your labors to realization of these ends.
The following committees were read by
the clerk, the first-iianieu being chairman:
Judiciary— Smith, Rottanz', Clinton.
Finance and Auditing— Roitauzi.. Devany,
Basklns.
Streets, Wharves, Grades and Public Squares
— Devauev, Shc-han, Delaney, Britt, Rivers.
Public Building.-— Sbechan, Briti, Rivers.
Water and Waier Supply— Clinton, Rivers,
Dodge, Britt, Morton.
Health and Poiice— Dalaney, Rivers, Davany,
Rotiniizi, Ilfihkiiif.
Fire Department — Britt, Sheeban, Devany,
Rottanzi, Morton.
License audOiders— Lackmann, Rivers, Has
kins.
Hospitals— Dodge, Rottanzi, Raskins.
Printing and Salaries— Has kins, Sheehan,
Britt.
Street Lights — Rivers, Delaney, Sheehan,
Smith, Lackmann.
OiKs-iue Lands— Morton, Clinton, Dodge,
Delaney, Lackuiann.
Supervisor Clinton arose and objected to
the committees saying some changes had
been made from those as onginally'agreed
upon, that he had not been consulted, and
he moved that action on them be post
poned till next Wednesday night.
Dr. Rottanzi said the committees were
as recommended by a majority of the
board, and he insisted on their adoption.
Mayor Phelan expressed himself in
favor of postponement, as public business
would not suffer thereby.
Rottanzi withdrew his objection to con
tinuance and action on the committees
was deferred till next Wednesday.
Supervisor Clinton offered a resolution
opposing the passage of the Pacific rail
roads funding bill, and providing for its
transmission to the California delegation
in Congress, which was unanimously
adopted.
Joseph Moean was, by a vote of 7 to 5.
reappointed fish and game warden for
j three years, notwithstanding Mayor Phe
lan's inaugural objection to the continu
ance of the office.
Supervisor Rottanzi called attention to
the fact of deficits last year in several
funds, notably of $13,000 in the salary
fund, and expressed the hope that the
board would assist him in keeping tue
fiscal page ciear at the end of tht3 year.
The board then adjourned.
A crowd gathered around Mayor Phelan,
congratulating him on his ad ress. Tiie
Mayor used a handsome new silver
mounted gavel, presented him by the
Mission Improvement Union along with a
I very appropriate communication.
POLICE PENSION LIST.
Two Patrolmen Incapacitated From
Duty Are KnrolleU on It.
The quarterly meeting of the Police Pen
sion Commissioners was held yesterday
afternoon. After routine business had
been disposed of two policemen were
placed on the pension list, being incapaci
tated from active duty.
James Smith joined the force on August
19, 1879. On September 5, 1895, while on
duly at a meeting in Columbia tquare he
was struck on the head with a rocic, para
lyzing his right side.
Eugene Horrisran joined the force on
April 27. 1878. On August 30, 1883, while
arresting James Dunn on Folsoiu street
he war> thrown down by a Rang of hood
lums ana kicked on the side, breaking
three ribs. A few months later while ar
resting a man on the steamer Modoc he
slipped and broke his left leg, and on De
cember 22, 1895, while pursuing some
thieves he fell tnrough a hole on Fisher
man's wharf and broke his knee cap.
Charged With Grand Larceny.
Mark Kelly, a . boy 17 years of age, was
booked at the City Prison yesterday mornine
on a charge of grand larceny. He appeared in
Judge Conlan's court to answer- a charge of
disturbing the pence and was ieuoguized.
James Marshall. 322 Sixth street, a.lege* that
on or about May 29 sast Kelly stole a hors..
and wapou from him and' sold iheui to v, man
named Pair Heeley for $12. A warrant for
Kelly's arrest was issueJ by Jndjfe Low at the
time, but he kept out of the way. . . ■
"Turn It Upside Down" is a suggestion of
C. H. Evaus & Sons to impress the fact that
they iiave overcome the objectionable dregs
and sediments commonly found ip bottled ale.
Sherwood & Sherwood, Pacific Coast agents. •
Suit to <)ui<-t Title.
Christian H. Voigt has sued James B. John
eon, William Dahl. Mary Maud Dahl, Anna L.
Johnson, Judah Boas, Nathan Boas and Wil
linni VV. Van Pelt to foreclose a mortgage for
¥5000 on v lotonCapp street near Twenty
tliird, the property being 37:6 by 1212:6 ieet In
size.
Children Cry for Pitcher's Castoria.
SOME ARE OUT,
OTHERS ARE IN
Changes That Took Place
in the City Hall
Yesterday.
Board of Education Made Almost
a Ciean Sw?ep of Its
Employes.
Superintendent cf Streets Made a
Numb r of Appointments.
Minor Changes-
Yesterday was cleaning-honse day at
the City Hall and the ins and outs
changed places with many smiles anil
congratulations. The ball started in the
Board of Education, where almosi a clean
sweep was made.
The old board met just before noon, and
after listening to a report from the finance
committee, which attributed its troubles
to the Board of Supervisors in cutting
down the appropriation, and an address
from the acting president, Dr. Clinton,
waited out and gave the new directors
their seats.
Before retiring Dr. Clinton made the
following address:
This is not a time for a long speech, but I
wish to say a word before we sever our con
nection with the deportment. I think that
our administration has been a good one, and
that the good we have done will far outbal
ance the wrone. When we took charge of the
department we found a feeling of unrest
among the pupils and teachers, but in a short
time the teachers learned that we were their
friends. They learned that we were not eager
to snatch their positions from them. We he^d
no star chamber proceedings to work them
evil, and when they felt secure the work of
the department progressed harmoniously and
for the benefit of the pupils. I also wish to
say. thank God this board never developed a
boss. It was not knowu as a Jones board or a
Smith roard. It will be known as the decent
board of 1895 end 1896.
The new board at once got to work by
electing C. L, Barrington president. The
new presiding officer made a brief address
in which he said that unless all *igns fail
the incoming board would be the best that
the people of California iiad ever elected.
He hoped that when its epitaph had been
written it would be said that it had shown
as much zeal and interest in the welfare
of the public as any board that had pre
ceded it. He continued:
To be selected presiding officer of such a
i<oard of Education as 1 believe we will have
during tlie ensuing two years is indeed an
honor which any one might covet.
I have met you all singly and collectively
on numerous occasions since the verdict of the
peopie was rendered on November 3, and un
less all signs fall, we are to have a board which
will .justify the confidence expressed by the
people at that time.
It has frequently been said that the board
which has just concluded its labors has been
nn improvement on many of its predecessors.
When the epitaph of this board shall have
been written may it be said that it has sur
passed all others in zeal for the welfare of its
wards, prudence and judgment in the super
vision of the property interests intrusted to
it and in general faithful and meritorious ser
vice.
Gentlemen, I thank you and hereby promise
that my best efforts shall be directed toward
those ideals which we should all strive for and
I earnestly hope all may obtain.
He then announced the appointment of
the following committees:
Finance— Waller, Burns and Armer.
Classification— D.-rhum, Carew, Burns and
Halstead.
Rules— ]>rucker, Armer and Waller.
Qualification — Armer, Bantel and Ham
mond.
Buildings and Grounds— Burns, Drucker and
Gallagher.
Salaries— Head, Derhamand Bantel.
Supplies— Bantel, Carew and Head.
Judiclnry— Halstead, Hammond and Head.
Printing— Galagher, Burns and Drucker.
Visiting— C.irew, Halstead and Hammond.
Superintendent of Schools Babcock
stated that changes in the staff of the
office had been decided on, and tnat Sec
retary Bennston would be succeeded by
Charles Welch.
The attention of the boanl was called to
the fact that Mr. Beanston had been a
trusty and efficient employe of the depart
ment for many years, and that lie should
be retained, but the appointment of his
successor was confirmed by a vote of eight
to three. Director Halste id being absent.
Director Waller then offered the follow
ing resolutions:
Resolved, That the positions of the three
assistant secretaries of the Board of Education,
the position of heßd storekeeper, the position
of head Inspector of Buildings, be and the
same are hereby declared vacant-
Keso'ved, That John O'Donnell, K. P. Hoe and
Joiiu Casbin be appointeJ assistant secretaries
of the Board ot Education, ana that George W.
Ryan be appointed head storekeeper, that
John J. O'Brien be appointed Inspector of
Buil<lingt> and that Alex Vogelsang be ap
pointed attorney of the Board of Education.
An effort was n>ade to have Mr. Asheim
retained as an assistant secretary in place
of Mr. Hoe, but the motion was lost by a
vote of 8 to 3, and the resolution was car
ried by the same vote.
Superintendent of Streets Ambrose and
A. J. Donovan, who has been reappointed
Chief Demity, spent yesterday afternoon
looking over the lists of the applicants
for oflice which have been presented.
The following names were decided on to
supersede an equal number removed:
A. J. Donovan. Victor Hoffman, George Love,
P. W. McGlade, Charles t. Derhom, W. F. Max
well, James Ambrose, I. L. Bevans, Matt
O'Brien, J. D. Cunningham, Peter Quinn,
Thomas F. Clark, John riowen, John P. Cully,
Joseph A. Fitzpatrick, J. M. Ferris.
Foremen were appointed as follows:
John Lyons, John Foppiano, J. Houston, H.
Monahan, Fred Butz.
In the Justices' clerk's office Clerk Wil
liams made one change, J. M. Cabe being
substituted for T. Carroll, a brother oi
Justice of the Peace Carroll.
Mayor Phelan, after presiding over the
meeting of the Board of Supervisors, took
possession of his office and made the fol
lowing changes: William P. Sullivan,
clerk; Ernest McCullough, consulting en
gineer; John E. Richards Jr., stenogra
pher; W. J. Lofton, messenger.
ELEOTEIO-CAR VICTIM.
John Hogan, a Teamster, Dies From
His Injuries.
John Hogan, the teamster who was
thrown from his wagon on Oak street,
near Baker, Saturday afternoon, died at
the Receiving Hospital yesterday, wltn
out having regained consciousness. The
body was taken to the Morgue and an in
quest will be held.
Hogan was on his way to Buckman
Brot ers' camp with a load of nay and
was driving along the car track, when
electric-car 565 struck the rear part of the
wagon, throwing him off his seat. He re
sided at 1912% Mission street.
Cornelius Engbyv the motorman, sur
rendered himself at the City Prison yes
terday afternoon, and was booked on the
charge of manslaughter. Ho was released
on liis own recognizance by Judge Conlan.
3JEW TO-DAT.
SPERTY OWNERS!
ATTENTION.
Y7k CENTS
rer Square Foot (no discrimination) is what you
can get. your street paved with IJITU 311
i.OUK for by the . ;•;
PACIFIC PAVING COMPANY.
Office 103 and IOS Phelan Building.
Call on us or send your address and our repre-
sentative will call on you. Telephone Main 656.
fen,™" R^' c SNTßlcT\_l^K^^^^
Yale Locks
17 AND 19 BEALE STREET.
CITY
Street Improvement Co.
- 11 corns 11 & 45, Fifth Floor, Mills Building.
Telephone Slain 5377.
rACRAMENTO OFFICE: 411 J STREET.
H. DUTARD' ."I 2 .1. W. McDOKALD, Pres
C. B. STOMK ■-■■•.■■'] 2 W. E. DENNISON. Sea
T. B. BISHOP .'- {■»...- COL. G. H. MENDKLI*
J.W. MCDONALD | ,JG . Corps of Engineers, U.& A..
.W.E. UKKNIbON J3 (Ketired),
• :, :•" ; C't NSI I.TIN'U KNOIN'KKB.
"'. PKOPKIKTOKS CONTRACTORS
■ • Santa Cruz, Cal., All Kinds of Street
and . Work, Bridges and 1
King City, Monterey Co., Kaihvay Construction.
KlTri'fl MIVL'V Wharves, Jetties and
Dill fllluA Seawalls.
n 9. D COMPOSITION AND
LJjLM! 6RAVEL ROOFING.
, Paralhne Paint Co., 116 Battery Street.
CALIFORNIA CONCRETE CO.
ARTIFICIAL STOiIE PA?E.IIESTi
'14 Post St.. San Francisco. Telephone Main 110.
DO D BUILDING
T, « D. PAPER. . .
BOLD BY ALL DEALERS,
IDm(iL4DDING.McBEAN&CO.
8^M!358-1360 MARKET ST.
iPTOiMffl works,lincoln CAL.
ISOTiCE ISVITM JEALED PiiOPOSILS
For the Purpose of Sale of Bonds of
the City of San Jose.
THE MAYOR AND COMMON COUNCIL OF
the Ci y of San Jose, having by ordinance en-
titled "An ordinance providing for the issuance
and sale of bonds of the City of ban Jose." etc,'
passed<ou tne 21st day of December, 1896, and
approved on the 23d day of Decsinoer, 1896,
| ordained that there should be issued by said city
\ of San Juse six hundred high school building
bonds, of the denomination of $I'J5 each, and four
hundred sewer bonds of the denomination of 8100
I each, boih classes of bonds to bear interest ul the
rate .of -»Vi! I er cent uer annum, payable semi-
i annually. and also by sa!d ordinance authorized
and directed the City Clerk of said city to give
notice Inviting proposals for the sale of said boads,
now therefore
| Public no.ice is hereby given that the City of San
i Jose intends to Issue one thousand bonds aforesaid,
anU -that sealed proposals will be received at the
office of said City Clerk, at the Cltr Hall in San
Jose, < altfornla, until the hour of eight o'c'ocx
I P. M., on the eighth day of February, 1897 tat
i which time, or as soon thereafter as said Mayor
i and Common Council shall duly convene, said bids
I will be opened), for the purchase of the whole or
| any part of said high school building and newer
I bonds, or either thereof, t-aid bonds are to beHr
date June 1, 1897. and the Interest thereon to b«
paid seml-annnally on the first day »f December
and the first day ot June of each ye»r thereafter,
both principal and Interest payable in gold coin or
lawful money of the United Stales . - ■ „
Said hl«h . school building lioniis shall be num-
t bered consecutively from one to six hundred, both
inclusive, and be divided Into forty series, num-
bered consecullvel/ ' ironi on« to lorty, both in-
clusive. each series consisting. of h'ftre.i bonds;
the first series is to include those bonds which are
numbered from one to fifteen, both inclusive, aod
each succeeding series Is to include the fifteen
bonds numoered^ consecutively after thosa in-
cludeJ in the next preceding series-
. Suiil newer bonds sha.l oe numbered consecu-
tively from one. to four hundred, bull inclusive,
and b • divided into lorty series numbered '•ou-
secutively from one to forty, both inclusive, each
series consisting of ten bonds; the first aeries is to
include those I bonds wh.ch nre . numbered from
one to ten, both inclusive, and each succeeding
series is to include the ten bonds numbered con-
secutively after those included in the next pre-
ceding series. ' ■
The first series of said high school i building
bonds and said sewer I omlg sh .11 be made payable
o:i ihe first iiay of June, 1898. and one of the re-
maining series is to be made payable on the first
day of June in each succeeding caendar year |
thereaf.er, until and Including the ye ir;. 1937. j
Said bonds are to be made payable to th • order of
the purchaser or piyee . byname, and to each of
said bonds there U to be attached interest-bearing
coupons, double in number to the number of y, ars
whicu such bond lias to run before its maturity.
l»r>>pos:ili must atuti- the price offeied, the descrip-
tion of the boTicli desired, and be arcompan.ed by
a certified check on some responsible. bank, pay-
able to the order of tUc Mayor of »ald City, for at
least ten per cent of the amount' bid, said checK to
be ■ returned to bidder in case the bid is not ac-
cepted. The purrhase money for. said bone: s shall
be paid in gold coin of the Uniied -tales within
ninety days after notice of acceptance. The rlifht
to accept any or all bids ami to rej ■« anyorall
bids, or portions of bids, Is hereby expressly re-
served. : . v .: •* J. W. COOK, City Cierlc.
Dated January 2d, 1897.
COSMOPOIjITAJV.
Opposite U. S. ' Mint, 100 and 102 .Fifth St., s\j *
I Francisco, Cai.— The mos: select - famliv hotel la
the city. Board and room $1, 91 25 and $1 50 par
> day, according to room. ' Meals 25c. Kooms 09a '
' and 76c a day. ■ ' Free coach to and from the hoiaL
loot lor the coacij bearing toe name ■■ of ta« Uoa>
BOQDOiIUa iiowJ. WJt Aii-bl v, PropAflMß.
NEW TO-DAT.'
Statement of Capital Stock
OF
The German Savings
and Loan Society,
A Corporation Doing; Business at No.
526 California Street,
Dated December 31, 1896
Capital stock actually paid upingo'd
c0in.......... $1,000,000 00
Reserve fund acually paid up in gold
coin 780,00000
E. A. BEC'KEK,
President of the German Pavings and Loan So-
ciety.
GEO. TOUKNY,
Secretary of tbe German Savings and Soan So-
• ciety.
I
State of California, City and County of Pan
.-. Francisco— ss.
B. A. Becker and George Tourny, being ench
separately duly sworn, each for hitnse f, says:
That said P. A. Becker is President and ilia' said
George Tourny is Secretary of tbe Uerraan Savings
, and Loan Society, the Corporation above men-
tioned, and that the foregoing s;a etnent is true.
B. A. BE< KEB.
GEO. TOURS Y.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 31st day
of December, 1896.
(Seal.) . GEO. T. KNOX,
Notary Public in and for the City and County of
' Sau Francisco, state of California.
Fifty-Eighth Half-Yearly Report
— — — o f
The German Savings
and Loan Society,
526 CALIFORNIA ST.,
San Francisco, California.
SWORN STATEMENT
Of the condition and value of the assets and
liabilities of the German Savings and Loan
Society, a Corporation doing business at No. S2tJ
Caliiornia street, in the liy an-1 County of San
Francisco, State of California, and where said
assets are situated, on December 3 1, 1896.
ASSETS.
1— 51,450,000 UnltPd States 4%
registered and mis-
■ •; ct'lltxnrnus railroad
'.■ .. ' firs'- mortgage bonds,
the value of whlcb Is 1,675,500 00
1 - Tnese bonds are
kept in a box in the
vaults of and rented
from the .New York
Slock Kxchanje Safe
I), posit ompany in
.New York City.
2,447,761) M:scellaueous first
mortgage ru:ho*d
bonds of "Eastern
St»t<*3 and Siaie of
; , ( iiornia. Cable and '
Street Railway.
.<;V; Witter, Light and
other . corporation
first mortgage bonds,
the value of which Is ' 2,490,965 00
All of said bonds
are kept in the vaults
of the corporation.
• *
$3,897,7 tO f4.066.455 00
Standing on the books of the
corporation at f a 889,490 00
— Promissory notes secured bjr
first mortgages on real . enate
V within this >taie. tbe States of
i Oregon, Washington, Nevada.
\ and Utah. .
The value of said promissory
' notes is 21,272,005 80
3— Miscellaneous railroad, cable
and street railway first mort-
Kuge bonds, and other corpora-
' tlon s:ock cer:ifi:ates pledged
to tbe society lor the amount of 775,000 00
All said notes, bund. ana certifi-
cates are held and kepi, by siid
corporation in its own vaults.
4— Bank building and lot, the
value of which is 170,030 00
s— Other' reales'.aie situated in the
States of California, Oregon,
Washington and Utah, the
value ot which U 864,222 06 .
Furniiuri- In tlie bank ollice of
said corporation 1,00.) 00
7— Cash in i niied i-tatesgold aud *.
silver coin, k»-p: by corp r-
ir.ioii in its own vaults, the
actual value. of which is 2,720 629 70
: .T0ta1..... $29,692,347 58
LIABILITIES.
1— depositors:- "-aid corpora-
' tlon owes deposits amounting
to, and 'he value of wuich is... $27,730,247 45
2— To stockholders: The amount
'•"' of capital stock, actua iy paid
up, in gold coin, the value of
. wbicn is 1,0^0.00003
The condition of said liability
to stockholders Is that no i art
of the amount can be paid to
them, or in any way be with-
drawn, except in paymsiit of
, losses, durin* the existence of
the corporation, nor un.il all
deposi tors shall have been paid
'■ in full tbe amount of their de-
posits and accrued divUends.
3— To depositors and stockhold-
ers:- (a) ihe aniounl of the
reserve tiiiu in «old coin, the
valuo of whlco is ............... 780,00'J 00
.Inc udin; tht* amount of ma-
tur-ii but uncollected interest
on loans anil necurUies. •
(b)" Tbe amoun: of the contln-
j vent fund, the vnlu • <>t which is 60,201 66
, Tbe condition of said fund in,
that the same ' has been cre-
ated tor tbe purpose of addi-
tional security to tiepos'.torj
■gninst losses. *V ■ - ■
4— State, < liy and County taxes
assessed by the Government,
but njt yet payable...., 121,898 45
T0ta1..;... $29,692,347 58
. B. A. BECKER,
President of the German Savings and Loan So-
. ciety.
GKO. TOUKXY,
Secretary of the German Savings and Loan bo-
ciety.
State of California, City and County of San Fran.
Cisco— ss. • '■
. B. A. Becker aud Georgo Tourny, being each sep-
arately sworn, duly each tor himself, says: Thac
said B. A. Becker is President and that said
George Tourny U Secretary of the German Savings
and Loan Society, tbe Corroration above men-
tioned, and that the foregoing statement is true.
B. A.'BtCKEK,
GKO. TOURNY.
Subscribed and , sworn to before me this 31st
day of December, 1896.
(S aL) ' G£O. T. KXOX.
Notary : Public. .
ELECTRIC lOIEJLjTJS
■•' ■,'„" ■; A re; good things if prop.
' •>slli*sa^ik^ p \\,*s - erly made: but there is no
•yv^srSH^ryiah^ sPrse In P a ln « a high
d^V9^££*>£«[T*2» P rlce for a poor article
gSf^^^T^VvT^^Sf siuiply becau*e some art-
HK^-^-^ii^-i-— »=?« vcrtisins 'quack ' rt*-
JVwyiTV!f£ffi?Myz inandt It. Buy no Delt till
>oa >cc Dr. Pierces.
NKS^^S&£WKs ' KS" Book Free. Cali or
*V <Ca^* '' ' rddrt-ss I>B. PIERCE
V:>~; > <"i(£Tj? • Si SO>T, 704 Sacramento
■'.••- W ■ • ' St., cor. Kearny, Hi F.
BrancU Cffi£« tUD ALarket st-. & i\
910
THE COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Silver unchanged.
Wheat advanced sMgbtly.
Bartar dulL Oats firm.
Corn offering heavily.
Hay and Feedstuffs unchanged.
Beans inactive and nominal.
To atoes unchanged. Vegetables d ulL
Butter and Cheese easy. '
Eggs rather quiet.
Game lover.
More Eastern 'oultrr in
lleddnooa Fruits about tbe same.
Oranges dull.
Mexican Limes cleaned op.
Dried Fruits as usual.
Provisions unchanged.
£ugar declintd ijc,
KKCKIPTS OF TIJEASCRK.
Receipts of treasure at San Francisco In 1896
.hrough Wells, Fargo & Co.'s Kxpress were as fol
• io\vs:
From interior $28,603,238
From north coast 707,008
Total $29,362,874
Recepts were smallest in March ana largest In
November, the totals for the respective months
beine $1, 797.275 and 169 678. The treasure
received is described as.follows:
Coin 293.191
fiver bullion 639.754
Odd bullion 10.429,929
Total $29,362,874
Inland shipments of coin for the year were $32,
--576.246. overland shipments for. the year were
as lollows :
Coin 6.585,861
urrency 8,605,675
Gold bullion 42,461
Total $15,233,997 |
Explanation.
The arrow flies with the wind. The top fieuret i
at station indica;<- maximum temperature for tbs |
days; those underneath it. If any. the amount of I
rainfall, of melted snow in inches and hundredtbs. I
during tbe past twelve hoars. Isobars, or solid •
lines, connec prj,n s of equal air pr^sure; i»o- •
therms, or dottea lines, equal temperature. The '
word "hieh" means high barometric pressure and
i.s usually accompanied by fair weather: "iow"
r»fers to low pressure, and Is usually preceded
and accompanied by cloudy weather rain*.
"Lows" usi.ally first ap|H-ar on the Washington
coast. When the pressure is high in the interior '
end low alone the coas:, and the Isobars extend |
north and south along in* coast, rain Is probable:
but when ihe "low- v inclosed with Isobars of
marked curvature, rain south of Oregon is improb
able. With a "high" in th» vicinity of Idaho, and
the pressure falling to the California coast, warmer
weather may be expected in summer and colder
weather in winter. The reverse of theseconditionl
will produce an opposite result.
;
■
WEATHXB BI'BEAU RKPORT.
United States Department nr Agrictji.
tvhk. WFATHER BCREAU. SAN FRANCISCO, Jan.
4. 1897, 5 p. m.— Weather conditions and genera
orecasta:
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to date
as compared with those of the game dale last sea
son:
Eureka 22.60 inches, last season 15.80 Inchos:
Bed Bluff 11.£3 inches. last season 6.6« Inches;
f-an Francisco 11.10 inches, last season 4.10 inches:
Fresno 3.95 inches, last season 1.11 inches: San
Luis Gbispo 7.69 Inches, last season 4.00 Inches;
i-os Angeles 5.09 Inches, lan season 1.71 Inches:
San Diego 3.81 incnes, last season 1.57 inches:
Yuma 1 86 inches, last season .82 of an inch
>an Franciscodat*— Maximum temperature 53.
n:iDimum 43, mean 43.
An area of high pressure overlies the Rocky
Mountain rezion and is moving very slowly east
ward. An area of low pressure is central to-night
over Washineton and Northern Oregon and is ac
companied by general rain and southeasterly
winds.
The temperature has remained stationary over
the entire counirv west of the Roclcy Mountains
'1 nere ha» been a decided fall on tbe eastern slop
Of the mountains.
Frosts were reported In California lor the fourth
Ime in succession this moriini;, but less severe
thai on previous dates.
teow is falllne at >pokane and it is raininz at
Seattle and Tatoosh Island.
A maximum wind ye ocity of 34 miies per hoar
from th«- southeast is reported at Fnrt Canby.
Forecast made at San Francl«co for 30 Hours
ending midniebt, January 5. 1897:
Northern California—Cloudy in the northern
portion, and probably rain Tuesday: fair in south
ern portion; light southerly winds.
>outhern California—Fair Tuesday; light north
erly winds.
Nevada— Cloudy Tuesday.
T'tah— Cloudy Tuesday; "warmer.
Arizona—Fair Tuesday.
San Francisco, and vicinltv—Cloudy weather
Tuesday, probably without rain; fresh southeast
erly winds
Alexander Me A die. Forecau Official.
XXV XORK HAKKtTS. .
Financial.
rr.W -fiFTC. N. V.. Jan. 4. -The stock market
started off well this mornintr and the traders felt
much encouraged when they found that tbe up
ward movement inaugurated on Saturday con
tinued to make progress. While the advance, ex
cept in a few instances, win bf no means large,
and the volume cf'the business was confined to
limit proportions, the fact that there was little or
no pr» ssure to sell at, the higher range caused a
sood tee'lnc to prevail. The general run of stocks
moved up «ia, s /i ver c<-n\ but Consolidated Gas
rose '£ and Metropolitan Traction */m. Kdison
Illuminating of New ork 114, Delaware A.
Hudson li.gnuil Omaha 1.
, Durinc the afternoon the t»mper of speculation
und<rwent a decided chnngt* because of the
numerous bank failures a: ~t. Paul and other
Western 1 iu> s These diuicullies. together with
tbe apprehension of further failures, led rosales
liy early . buyers, under which Gei.eiai Kloclri.
declined iy 8, sugar lig. and the Gratig rs
Chicago Gbs. Western Union, Louisv.lle and Nash'
ville. Beading and Rock is and Vis to 1 pcr-cent-
Th>- market continued as quiet as ever, and
closed rather weak in lone. Net changes sb<>w
declines of >A@l per cent, General Klectric lead
lnc- Omaha was an exception, aud mined haji a
point.- Total aal>s were 101.677 shares.
Bonds were irregular: sale-, ioote.l up 91.361,-
COO. liuriington. Cedar Kaoidsanrt Northern lives
rose %-. Chesapeake ami Ob'io'General' four and a
liaifs, *%: Chicago and Western Illinois first con-
Kolidatrd sixes, 1; Cievelan ', Ci ciunati, chi< a;o
nnd M. Louts. St. LOUS Co:laieral rusi fours,
IV4: Hocklnx Valley o*n*ral sixes, iv. 'Denver
abd- Rio Grande first sevens, 1: Krie firsts. V»-
At,u Aroor fours. Xs: Brooklyn ; Rapid Transit
live«. 1%; International and ijreat Northern sec
ouds. 2: .-^t. Louis. New Albany and Chicago first
st.ies. IV4: fcusquehaona and Western Terminal
lives, 2. . •?■ J rt.i.
Grain.
FLOUR—Quiet, steady. Winter wheat, low
fraile*. *-; -<'©;< SO: fancy, $t ss@4 75; pat
ents, $i 90@A 26: Minnesota clei.r B.* s>o@
4 00: straights. ?4@» 60: patents 4 25«5 33; lo*
extqts. $2 -MCati .iO: city mills, «4 00(2,5 Oit: pai
euts. $5 lvuto 35; rye mixture*. *.-, 0(a)3 bO
superfine. S2 10(43 30; fine, fl 80©3 05. south
ern flour dull, steady. Common 10 fair extra,
*3 ot,@3 55 *t"Od to choice, $3 5S@3 85. Kye
flonr quiet: $2 85@3 25.
FINANCIAL.
CHICAGO GRAIN, PROVISIONS
AND NEW YORK STOCKS.
WMfcELOCK & CO.,
4 Leides<lor*r St, TeL. Main 1054.
cin'tra l ornci .
C 23 Market St., Palace Hotel. Tel. Main 5828.
Uptown ufflc-— Bala win Hotel (adjdnini: Grill
itoom). Tel. Main 339.
PUKDY & ATKINSON' Managers.
Orders instantly executed on latest' market qno-
tatlons. iteferenoe Ist National Bank, s. F.
Hi UAUU. VAU\'A.Ih.JXIU*. 2i±W YUK.K. {
- CORNMKAL-Dnll, steady. Yellow $195®
2 06.
RYE-Quet, firm: 47%3 f. o. b. afloat.
BARLEY— liet. stronger; 451,4 1. o. b., afloat.
WUKAT- spoc market iiall, steady. No. 2,
f.o. b.. 99*/ic: ungraded red, 80c®*l 00; No. 1
Norhern. 9«3- 4 u
options advanced is/«@l%c declined is/s@l%c
and 'closed steady at Vfus advance to 14 ueeline.
May and July nv>st active. January, 92c: Jlarcb.
93% c: A! ay, 89%; July. 86c.
tVKS-Snota unll, Hrm. No. 2, 29 5/ 8 o ele
vator; 3 %c afloat.
Options dull ' and firm at unchanged prices.
May only traded in. Jar.oary, 29%; Mar 31 s /8 .
OATS— >po;s firm, fairly ac ive. option* dv I,
'-up to 3/ 8 i- down. Jauuary, 22i*c; February,
-*%<-•. May. 20% c . j
•>pot prices: . So. 2. 22V«c: So. 2 white.
24% c: Aa.2 Chicago, 23V*c No. 3, 2Jc: No. 3
wh ie. 22c; mnetl Wes;eru, 22&24 c; white do.
2S@3oc.
rroTlilon*.
LA J!D- Easier: Western steam. *4 07%:
cltr. ?«6zVi@3 70; January, $4 07%. reflned
doll; continent. $4 30; aouth Americ*. $160;
compound. 43/ g4i,uc. ' ••
I'OKK-F.rm, quiet. New mess. $8 72%@8 75c
Bl'ITKn-LuwM, moderate demand. estprn
creamery. 13®l'Oo: factory, 74414 c; tlsins. vOc;
imitation creamery, ll@loc.
I'HKKSE- Fairly active, firm. , Part skims,
4@Bc: full skims. 2%@Bc.
KUU*_Flrm r lcenouse. 14@15c; Western
fresh. JBjJ.9c; ilmed, 14»15c.
TALLOW— i-lrm. City, ,Si«c; country. 3Vi@: j;< 4 -
COTTONSEED OlL— Quiet. Crude, 20c; yelluw
prime, 23c.
Pr.TKOLEUM— Quiet.
RlCK— Firm, oulet. Domestic, 3%@6c; Japan,
4VB@4^c.
AluLassES— Quiet. New Orleans, new, 25@S4<\
COFFEE— Firm unchan?ej to 25 poilll^ np.
January, $9 60@9 80: February. *9 9«@9 95;
-March, 89 85«59"i»5: Apri . *9 95®10; .May,
I 9 9j@lous; Juie. »10@10 10: Ju.y. *10 05®
10 10: Au?mt, $10 10; twptemuer. *10 05@10 lb;
Spot Kio, qulei, hrm. No. 7, 10W<£10i,4c.
SUGAR— Quiet, firm. Oit A, 43,4 c .; mold A.
4%c: stnndard A. 4s/gc; confectloiirrs' A, 414 c:
cvi loaf. Bo: crushe<l. sc; powdered, 4%c; gr^uu
lated, 43 c; cubes, 45/ B e. •
Fruit and Produce. -
APRICOTS— Bags. 9(ailc
l>:/i'HKb- Peeiea, boxes. 14O15c: uapeelei,
bags, 7<-9c. •
PRUNES-Fonr sizes, nominal. 5V»c.
— Two-crown, loose mv catel. 4V!|C
tb: 3-crown, 6 1^c; 4-crowji. 4 1 tc; do London
layers. $1 40@l 46; clusters, $1 6&<s2. t
A MOXDb- Soft shells, BQ9V2C; do hard shell.
ll#l3c.
\v ALNUTS— Standard. 7Vic: soft shell, 9c.
BOl't— Pacific Coast, 3V-iSl3c.
Wool- Quiet. Domestic fleece, lotf23c; pulled,
19@31c; Trxas, 7@12.
M.T<llHlldi«%.
riOlßON— Qnlei. hrm. American. 11@13.
COPPKR-Firm. La^e. $11 50.
LEAD— Steady. Domestir. i3DS
1 1N— Firm, straits, 81,< 05. Platpg, qnlet.
hl'El-iElt— DulL Domestic. $4 05.
• CHICAGO MAKXSTS.
i
rFTCAOO, ir,T- Jan. 4.— The whea: market j
opened with a boom this znor.iing, prices showing
from VgC to %c gam over Saturday, but the booy- I
> an y soon disappeared, longs selling iraely and j
: causing a decline of a foil cent from the onts'de. j
I Light world's shipments for last week, 5,'J9i,000 j
I basbe:s and higher Liverpool cr.bles were the
I strengthening influences a: the s:art, but the pros
pect of ilitie change in the visible supply leaded
to restrain bullish enthusiasm. Ihe amount on
ocean pass age decreased -',640,000 bushels Ke
! cetpts at Chicago were 65 cars, and 51,662 bush- j
| els were withdrawn from store. The Northwest
had 301 cars against 185 on the corresponding
day a year aga The visib.e supply showed an
! increase cf 208.000 bnsbels, that causing ire sell
| insr- The English visible supply aiso increased
1.600.000 bushels. The last hour's tra-Jiug was
i attended by extreme weakness, and the lowest
i quo'.ations of the session were then established.
i Closing Con lnental cables were geueraily un
! changed. Exports were light at 294,000 bushels.
[ At the close the weakness was etipaasi/.M by tbe
lailnre of two banK* at St Paul. Mar n-ht-at
opened from 85V»c to ssc. declined to %c, clo«i-
Inzat 83%ias4%c >m»' lc under Saturday. Ksti
-1 mat>d re..-ipt» iv.r to-morrow as cars- No. 2 red
spot wheai ranted troin 903 i.c 10 93c. closing
about 90" (c091ioC.
CORN— Openeu a trifle higher, afterward weak
ening and declining, both actions bclnt; in full ac
cord with the course pursued by whea: Trad ng
1 was of the slow unattractive sort, ami was entirely
, local in harr.cter. The amount on ocean passage
1 decreased 1.120.000 busheis. Receipt* were 395
cars, and 50,247 bnsbelt were withdrawn irom
otore Liverpool '"ab.< s were quiet and firm. The
visble supply Increased 959.000 bushels. Expoiti
were 501. 222 bushels. May corn o >coed at 26c,
declined to 25JVgC. where it closed, 14 of a cent un
di-r Saturday. Kstlmated receipts tor to-morrow
! 2 10 cars. ; .
OATS— tone of oat» was ea^y , the ssnttment |
teinx affected dv that of wheat. Li tie tn4iDes«
was tran»«cn-d. and none of any im. ortance was
noteJ. Ke^eipts were 414 cars. There were no
! withdrawals fr-ira store. Exports, were 10,353
bushels. The visible supply . Increased ■ 613.000
bmhels. May oais closed V 4 of a cent lower. Es
timated receipts for tu-mnrrow 230 cars.
FLAX— Was easy. Cash No. I.7*ij;C: North
western, 76<&76V4c; January. 75c; Slay, 78@
7b^4c. Receipts were 30 cars.
I'i.oVjsioNS— The run of hogs at the yards
| owiug to the receui storm was light, and prices at
j thai place were higher. Product opened under the
| influence of this fact, but later eated uff with
i w.ieat. May pork cio<ed 12^c lower. May lard
| •*y r lower, and May ribs 2Vi@ac lower.
! JiUTTEK— The butter mar»et was easy to-day.
Receiwts and stocks on hand were liberal, and the
demand was slow.
Creameries— Extras. 19c ?* Tb: flrs». 17@18c;
seconds. 15(*lbc: imitations, fancy. 1.-(S.lse; June
I roods.- extras. 17c: firsts, 14(^1 5c- dairies—Ex
! tras. 19c: tlrsts. j4(0.17c: srcocd-i. iO^l^c La
oltra — Extras, lO^llC; Ursts. a«*Bi^c; packing
clock. fc(Sibi s c; grease, '2Vb@3c; rou butter, 10
Stllc. '
E(>US — Receipts, were lighter ant the demand
better, both the consequence of co der weather.
Fre<h stoctc sold at 1-ic V dozen.
MONKY— Was easy at 6to 6 on call and time I
loans. New \ one exchange was quoted at p«r." ■'.•■■•
--■ Cloning Prices-
WHKAT — January, 80c; May. 837/8^840:
Ju:y. ';9%c
CORN — January, 23Vfec: May, 26%; July,
28% c. ■ ■ • -
vaTS— January, 263/sC: May, 19y 2 c
PORK— January, $. 62Va: May. »7 80.
LAKD— January, $3 80: May, «3 97Va.
' Klbsi— January, *3 8j; May, *?i> WTVi
Livestock. ■.'•:;■',"
UNION STOCKYARDS, 1 1i... Jan. 4.— The sup
ply of cattle to-day was light- Tbe demand was
brisk and prices ad vui.cd 10920 c. Hogs were 5
ralnc higher early. lut later in the day an easie
feeling was developed. The wet weather of tbe
past few . ays served to curtail receipts. Sheep
and lambs were in good demand and prices were
higher. The advance averaged about 15c.
CAT ILK- Receipts, 11.000. Fancy cattle. $5 35
(Hb 50 : choice to prini" steer*, $4 9 .@5 30; go <d to
choice steers. S4 oU(a4 H\; medium steers. 94 10@
4 50:. fair beef steers, $3 ni.@i HO; good to choice
stockers and'freders, >S 75<^4 10: fair to eood
stockers and f»ederv $<X 43 70: bulls, choi'-e to
j extra. $3 25@3 85: bnlls. poor to choice. $2@3 20;
cows tind heifers, choice to prime, $3 60i£>4 15;
cows, fair to choice, $2 40(*o 50; cows, common
to fair canners. $1 6 @2 35: calves, good to fair,
»5 10®5 75; calves, cummon to good. IS 50(a.5 00:
Texas led steer*. »3 60@l 25: milkers and spring
ers, f ad, $25(i540. Other prices unchanged.
HOGS-Keceip.s, 2LOOU Heavy packing and
shipping lots, $3 15@3 55: common to choice
mixed. S3 3U&3 -5; cnolce asiorted, $3 50@3 BO;
1 lighl, ?3 .1003 60: pigt, *3@3 55.
SHEr.P— Receipts. Ij.OjO. Inferior to choice,
$2 50(53 75; lambs, f 3 50@5 50.
Beceipti at Omah%.
FnfTH OMAHA. Nkrr., Jan. 4 — HOOS— Re
reipn. 1400. Market .strong: 5c higher for
lights Light and mixed, $3 25&3 35; h.avy,
9* i7V*@»3o.
CATliuK— Receipts. 900: marke. slrone, s@lsc
higher. Steers. $3 So@4 35; cows. «l 50® . j.
&HKEP— Receipts. i; 700. Market strong. Mut
tons, $4 40; lamb,. $4 25.
Receipt* at K;tn«:n Cltr-
KANSAS CITY. Mn. Jan. 6. — HOGS— H»
ceipts, 60U0 for heavy. MarKetxtrong. Light, $3 30a
» 40: medium. * > 30^3 40; heavy, tS 15@
3 30: pigs. $2<a:i 15.
CATTLE-Receipts. 4000 Market stro'ie.
Native steers, best, $4 10@» 65; fair 'Ogood. *3 10
@4 10: cows «od heifers besu $-@3 50: <air to
good. $1 H6(&t; bulls. $J®3 10; stocicers and feed
ers, Sj@4: Texas au.l \Vestern. $1 80^3 bO;
calve*. «6(*13.
biifcEP— 1000. Steady.
new >».-.»v »i'O«K3. ■
Bondii Eich»n B #, Jumtr antl Railroad
51i1.r.,.
Money on call easy at '?.%: first loan at ]%%and
closln? ottered at IVtX- Prime mercantile pa
per, 4y. Bar silver, b4%c Mexican dollars,
6034@&1%. tjterling exchange quiet with actual
bnsntcS't ii> banners' bills a; «4 83»i@4 b4 for
60 days and $4 86^4®4 86Vz for demmid. Posted
rates. $4 8404 87. Commercial bills, C 4 821/4
@4 b3V4- Uoveroment bonds steady: State bonds
dull; rmlroaa bonds irregular, silver neglected
CXOfIINO RTOCKS.
Am Tel A Cable... 85 North American... 4«j' 8
Atchison '.. 18% Northern PaclHc. ' ISV*.
Preferred 2»Vs Pr-ferreJ ........ 328/1
Adams Express. .. 160 . 'Northwestern 1023.
Alton, Terre Haute 66 Preferred 151 v»
American Express 10U .V V Centra 1........ 8-« i
American ooacco 78 NY, Chlcago<t->t 12
Preferred 102 I Ist preferred..... ' bO
Bay Mate Ua5..... H%j 2d jireferred. 17
Baltimore* Unio.. : 16^8 N Y*N H ...... .177
BrunswlCK Lands. s/t'.S Y.ANew En?... 45
Buffalo, Boch AP. 16»4jX V Busq W.... 9
Canada Pacific... 65i>, 4 j f'referred.. 26 Vi
Canada Southern.. 44 • 'Ontario lo
Canton Land....... ( 607/ g Ontario <fc Western 145,4
Central Pacific..... Oresonlmprovmnt
i lies i 0hi0....... itti'g Pre:e-red ........— ~ ■".
Chicaeo Alton 16u Orrcon Navicatlon 14
Preferred 17-' Oregon Short Line, 13
Chlcato, IJ <tQ.... ti9 A'PaciacMall........ 24
Chicago A 111.... 40 jPeona. D A Kvans 2
Preferred.. 9t> 'Plttaburic <fc W pfd. 15
Chicago Gas 7;« / 4;Poiinian Palace 152
Clev>- A nu»our?.l6o Quicksilver 1/4
Consolidation 35 i : Preferred ........ 12
Consolidated Ga5. . 130 - JReadlnc 26
CCC A StLoaia... 2534 RloGrahde&Westn 15
Preferred......... 70 i referred.. 40 .
Colo Fuel A Irca.. 23% Rock Island 65%
Preferred 70 Kome\Vat£Of<len.li7V 4
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JANUARY 5, 1897.
Cotton Oil Cert.... llJ£;StL<fcSW ...... 3^4
Commercial Cable. 156 | Preferred.....:... 9
Del Hudson 117 V Paul jV/s
Del Westrn. 157 Preferred 131
Denver R 0...... lliygiSt Paul Dulutb.. 19
Preferred 4li 2 , Preterred 7a
Di5ti11er5........:...— St Paul & Omaha.. 473
General Electric... 33 * ' Preferred ISO
Erie 14% St P M & M........112
Preferred 34 Silver Certificates. 6434
Fort Wayne 163 Southern PaclUc. 14Va
Great Northern Dfdllß Southern RR 9V«
lireenßay y» Preferred 25S^
Harlem. 890 Sugar Refinery...
Hocking Coal-. -rT.. i*A Preferred . .....100y 8
Hocking Valley... 17V4Teun Coal <fe Iron.. 25
Homestake... 36 Preferred »0
H & Texas Central- — Texas Pacific ..... 8%
Illinois Central.... 92 jTol AA & N Mtch.
lowa Central. 7%T0l Ohio <fc Central 20
Preferred 24 1 Preferred 55
Kansas Texas... 13 |Tol Si Louis <fc X C 5
Preferred 28y a i Preferred 15
Kingston & Perm.. H Cnion Pacific..'.... 83^
Lake Erie <fc Westa 17 U P Den .fcUutf.... 2V4
Preferred f 68 Cordage, —
Lake Snore 151 : Preferred.
National Lead 221/fci Guaranteed
Preterred 85 U S Express 39
Longlslbnl 47 Leather. 83,4
Louisville <k N-ash. 47»4] Preferred 60
Loulsville.N Aiony i, U S Rubber 24 •
Preferred........ IV*,' Preferred 76
Manhattan C0n.... BHI/8 filca & B River.. .lso
Memphis <fc CharU 15 W»b S L <fe Pacific. 6
Mexican Centra... 7 I Preferred 15J/4
Michigan CeuiraL. 88 ! Wells-Fargo. 96
Minn L... Western Union 8254
Preferred... — — Wlsionsln Central. <t
Minn L com.. 18 Wheeling <fc LE... 6
lsipret«rred 73 1 >a Preferred 28
2doref(rred 46 Am Cotton Oil pfd. 64%
Missouri Pacific... 201/g! \V U Beef 6
Mobile Ohio 20 Ann Arb0r........ 9
Nashville & Chutt. o7Vs Preferred 20
National Linseed.. 1 2% Brooklyn Traction, IH%
KJ Central 100 lErie 2d pfd. 19%
Norfolk <fe Westrn. HVs'Anierlcan Spirits.. 11%
lreferr«J 16%| Preferred 26
CLOStJsO EOKDS.
Ala Class A *%.... 103 INortbern Pac Ists.ll3y 8
Do Class B 4, ss. 102 Do 2d«... 117
Alabama, class C. 94 D03d5..... 76
Atcbison <5........ 80 DoconsolSs 64i/j
Do 2ds A 43Vg'Or lmprovmni Ist. 83
Canada Soii'.h 2d5.106% Do 6s. .20
Cen Pac lstsof'9s. O R >' 15t5.....V.110
Cberoicey 4g. 1896. 103 Do con 5s —
Do 1897 102V*|0r Short Line 65... 11
I>olß9X lOJVo; Doconsolss 64V4
1>01899 1U2%! Pacific 6so< '97...
CbesiObio 6s....lOßVilPhila& Reading 4.1 80%
Ch<fcN PTr Rets OslOO i Do Ist pfd lncotn. 106
DC3-65*. lOSVi'K urandeWest lsis 73Vs
D«>n <fe X Gist L<!fclronMt<ienss 75%
Do «s BsV*St I,ASl'Gen 65..108»4
Erl* 2d* 63Vi »t Paul Consols I^B
FtW&DenClty lsls 52 vUPC «fc Pa lsts -.114
U II * k a 6s 95V«So I'arollnn 4%5...:00
Do2d7s. 96 Southern X ds... 90
Gen ElecDebS*... 9U/4 Do Pac Cal lsts..K)7
H &Tex C«nt6s-..107 'Term new 75
Do con 6s. 100 Texas Pac lsts b5%
Inwa Central lsts.. 96 Texas Pac 2d* 19
Kansas Pa Conso:% 66 Union Pac lsts 98.103
Ks i'a lsts Den Divlll!% r D « reg ol 1925.120%
L» Co sol 44 94 Do -Is, coupon 120%
Missouri funding... C S 4s reg of 1907. liO&i
MKTSdi 60 Do4s. coupon. ...11l
Do4s 82 ; Do 2s 95%
Mobile Ohio 45.. 67*4 Do ss, reg 114%
Mutual Union .110 Do 6s. coupon 114%
N J Cent Gen 5«...i:4% Va funding deot... 6 IV*
S YC&St Louis 45105% Do registered .
Nor<fcWestUen 6sllß Do deferred 6s. 5
N Carolina con 4s. 100 ; Do trust rcptstpd 6
Do6s 121 Wabash Ist 6s. 106%
Nortbwe3iConsols.l3H% West v-hoto 4». .... iOB",*
DuUeb 6a.. 107%
OREIGN MARKETS.
VHKAI IN LIVERPOOU
I.IVERPOOj, Kxg., Jan. 4.— Tba spot market
Is firm at 7s 2d@7s 3d. Cargoes are strong and 6d
higher.
TI'TCRM.
Tbe Prodnee F.xchange cable gives the following
Liverpool quotations for So. 2 Red Winter:
January, 0s ll%d; February, 7s J/4<l; Marcfc, 7s
ly d;May, 7s li 2
EECUBITIKS. '
LONDON. Knq.. .lan. 4. — Consols. 112 1-16:
silver, -..9 13-1 6 d; French Kentes. 102f 65c Bul
lion Into Bank of Eng and, £11,000.
KXCHAXGK AM> BULLIOS.
Sterling Exchanep. eOdays. _ f4 84i£
sterling Exchange, sight _ 4 88 "
er. in Cables... .. — 4 88%
New York Kxchange, sight — 12%
New York Exchange, lelegraphfo.. — < 15
Fine silver, %t ounce ..;_.■ — ' 64%
Aleikau Dollars .. ... 62 »<;:%
IEODUCE MARKET.
WHEAT A>L» OTIiKR GRAINS.
WHEAT-Higher prices ushered In the new
year, owing to advanced quotations East and
abroad. Quoted at *1 bs(sl 50 lor common grades,
*1 52% %* c:l tor average No. 1, *1 s&@l 67% for
choice uud $1 fcO&l 62% %* cil lor extra choicu fur
milling.
;? CALL BOARD SALES.
Jnfobvai, Session— 9:ls o'clock— May -6000
ctls. $1 58y . . .'■.,., .
Second s<k»sion— May— Booo ctls, $1 58*4".
12.000. «1 68y 8 : 12.000. sjl 58V'>: 2000. *1 48%.
IIWIULAB iuK.VI.VB ME9BIOX— May— CtlK.
$1 581/ a; 200U, *1 58; 18,000, *1 68V 8 ; 18.000,
«1 68V4
AFTERNOON Jsessiox — M ay — 14,000, $158;
26,000, 81 581 : IJ.OOt), il 68V».
HAKLKV- 'iiie market was dull ai unchnntred
prices. We quote Feed, 77 2 (<j»?>sc %i cti; choice
bright, 88Vife«7i^c; Brewlug, 92Vi®97y c; No.
1 ibevulier, tl lu@l 20 V- ctl.
. CAI.I. BOARD SALTS. .
iNroKMAi. s>ssiox— 9:ls o'clock— sales.
fcECOND SKSBION— No sales.
Rkgulab Slornino session— May— 2ooo Ct's
92% c. . ;
aftervoon Session— May— 2ooo ctls, 921-ic;
•-000. 81% c. -.*.-•
OATs— j'he feeling is firm and business Is bet
ter, but prices show no improvement. Fancy
! Feed bring as high as II 45 > ctl. Common to Kood
I Wheat rans« from $1 10 to 91 35 %l cil. according
to quality. Black, tor leed, £»sc@sl 10: for seed,
$1 ;'o(a,l SO; Urar, nominal; lied, $1 OJ©l l-.'i- :
surprise. #X 50@l 60 V cil.
CORN — Price* show some alteration. Offerings
I comlnue large. Large Yttilow, Ti\ 2 @Ht)c V cil;
1 Small Round do, b7^cfa,sl: >Vnite. biivjt&Bsc. -
KYK— 92V«t@9sc V cti.
lilLKWhtAl- Quoted at $1 15@1 40 V c:U
FI.OUII AM) J.ll-LSTUFF}.
FLOTTR— Xet cash prices are as follows: Family
extrns. f5<35 10: bakers' extras, 90(^5; saper
nne.s4 lt@4 50 V bb!.
CuK.SMf.AU KTC.-Feed Corn, $18@19 ■& ton;
Cracked Corn. $19^20 f, ton.
MIL.LSTUFFS— Prices In sacks are a* follows,
nsual discount to tbe trade: (iraham Flour, S2 85
I 't 100 lbs: Kye Hour, *2 75 ft 100 tt>s; Rice Kionr.
1 »5 75: cornmeal, ti 35: extra cream- do, $3;
; Oatmeal, f3 50: Oat Groats, $4: Hominy, S3 10
i &A 30; Buckwheat Flour, «3 25@3 50: Cracked
' Wheat. 93 50: farina, 94: Whole Whea. Flour.
; 93; Rolled Oats (bbls), $6@U 40: i-enri Barley.
93 75(54; bpiu I'eaa, $5 00. tireen do, *4 *j , %t'
ltO to».
HAY AMJ JTEKUSTUFFS.
AH quotations remain the same. -
BRAN— 60 for the best and $12@12 50
I %> ton for outside brands.
MIDDLINGS— SIB@I9 for lower grades arid
20(0.21.%* ton for ihe best. '.
FKiiDbTUFF.S - Roiled Barley. 919 Soffi2o;
Oilcake Meal at the mill, $26 50 f( ton; Jobbing,
9^7 50; clipped nuts, fl 40(&i 50 %i ctl.
HAY— Wheat. JB(a,lu 50: heat and Oat, @*7
10: Oat. *6@>9: Barley. *7@B 50: River Barley.
Ss{£6 50; Al:a!fa. $6@7 6U: compreiiud, »0^
V su; stock. 35<&6; Clover, *t>(g,s "r- iou.
bI'KAW— 3S&SOC i* bait-.
< BEANS AMJ ti£ED3,
Bmin'ss continues very quiet.
EEANS-Bayos, $140@155: Small Whites. ls
©1 SO V. ctl: Large Whiles, 91 10@l 25 t» ctl;
I'iQKs, «i 05@l 20: Reds, 91 20@l 30: Blackeve,
SI 10&1 20;, Red Kidney, 92 25: Llmas, $1 75®
1 90; "Butters. 91 25@1 50: Pea. $1 ls@l 25.
SfcKDs— hrown Mus'.ard, f2 75@3: Yellow Mus
tara. $2 10C«2 25 ■? ctl: Flax, 91 35@1 40: Canary
Seed, 2J,4(g»2». 4 c f* U>: Allalta, 4^6Vic; Kape,
2%c: llenip. 3%c.
DRIKD 1-KA9- Nlles. 91©1 15 %* cU. Green,
91 40@l eOliicu.
POTATOES, CMOSS, VEGETABLES.
There was very little change in anything.
POTATOJ<>— Sweet Potatoes, *I.'*s@l 40: Karly
Rose. 70@75c: River Reds, 46@55c; Bnrbank
■Seedlings, 30@-loc %4 cil tor Rivers and 60c(jj,*l ior
hallnr*. - ■
ONIuNS-40@6&c^ctl. . '
VWiKTAKLiis- hothorse Asparagus. B@lsc
t* Ib: : Kbubarb, ft box;. Lqj Angeles
Hummer bqua*h, 50c<a.$l ft box: Los Angeles
Gri-cn lV]ii«n, %3c i* tt>: Mnsitrooms, s!*
12i/ 2 c iS Ib, latier figure for buttons: Marrow
fat ><iuavh. $6@7 %l ton; Los Angeles Tomatoes,
50c(ft*) V boi; Drlea .Peppers, 7@3c %< lb; Ureen
Pean, 6fa.7c V tb: Los Angeles Htring Beans,
6@9c: lined Okra. B®9c "^ tb; Cabbage, 40®B0c «t
CUi Carrots, 30©40 c ft suck: Garlic, IV*'* 2c %t Ib.
BUTTKR, CtiiLKSK AND KGGS. /
BCTTER— Dairies ' and nearby Creameries con
tinue depressed, but Humboldt Creameries keep
up. •'
Creamkry— Fancy nearby Creameries, 21@
22y a r: llurnboldts. 23@'>4c $t Ib: fcecouus, -Oc.
Dairy— anrv. 18i* 2Pc: eood to cnoiCo, - lt>V4@
17V»c: lower trades. 15(516c V lb.
PICKI.KI>-15@16C lb.
Fibkjx— l^@»lsc V Ib.
CKKAMUIY'IUB— IKOtISC 19 lb. ' ■
IHtfcSE-Tbe market is ea-v. Choice mild new
is quotable at ll\i'&\2c\ rommen to good old, £@
l«»c: Cream Cheujar, ll@12c: Yoang America,
UN'il'.'nc: Western, lli /3 (sl2V*c: Kastern, ia@
14Va<- - f* tb. :''-■ ■
tot,J>— The m arlcet Is not strong and tbe diapo
sitlon is tv Keep sol i up as closely as posatble.
Kanch Eggs, 27i£@31c; store Kggs, i."jy 2 (S^sc;
.Duck £ggs, '.'sc ilozrn.
lOlLlla' A.\U GAME. •
rOCLTRY— A car of Kastern . sold at $6 for
Ducks. ¥5@5 50 lor Hens and young Kco-tterj,
1 4 50 for o.d KoosLers ana s«©4 25 for Fryers. \-
Home st ck is nominal. ' *
iJve Turkeys, ]f>@l6c?> Ib for Gobblers. 15@16c
S> for Hens: Dressed Turkeys. 17<ai8c V B>:
Ueese, V pair, (1 3U(a'J; Docks. *4 60@6 fi doz;
Hens, @5 50; Koosten. young, $4 SlKq.s 6l»:
no, old. $i(aii ftO: Fryers, $4 oO@b: Broilers,' C 4 25
@4 60 for large and $3 for small: I Pigeons, »1 60
©2 f* dozen for youne and«J@>l 20 for old. . . ■
UAAlE— i'rlcei declined a»ain. Quail quotable
a. $1 25 $ dozen; Mallard, $3@4 f* dozen: Can
vasback, $3@7 'fr ' dozen : Sprig, $2 •V ' dozen:
Teal, $1 2B@T SO t* doz: Widgeon, $1 s(> 9 <ioz:
Small Duck, 81 25; English Suipe, $'2 50 doz:
Jnck Bnlpe. $1 50 '& dozen: Hare, $1: Rabbits,
$i 50 for Cottontails and Sl«l for small: Gray
Geese, $2 60®3: Whiie Geese, $1; Brant, $1 50;
Honkers, $3 60@4 50 * dozen.
I>ECJI>UOCS And catkus FKUITS.
orchard fruits^
Apples, 75@90c f» box for choice. $I@l 25 for
fancy Red, 35@S5c lor common; Eastern, $2@3
V bol. . • .- . i
Pears, 75c@$l 25 * box.
lerslmmous, 85@75c %i box. ,
BKKRIEs— t .' ,
. Kasiern Cranberries, $6@7 50 "P bbl- ."
CITRUS FRUlTS— Granges . are dull and un
changed. .Mexican Limes are practically oat of
market at lh? moment. Mandaii" Oranges. 85<@
$1; Navel Grange*. »1 50@2 60 V bx: Seedlmcs, $1
@1 50: Grape Fruit. $4@4 50: Lemons, $I@l 50 for
common ana $:i<<£2 50 for good to choice: Mcxi
i can JLimes. - — ;. California Llniea. 50@75c: Ba
| nanas, il@2 %*' Dunch ; Pineapples, $2<S-± %** uoz. ■
Di:n:i) fruits, i<Alsi>"3>. XUTS. etc.
PRIKD FRUITS— .■ , j^V:-:
Quotations on the Fruit Exchange are nominally
as follows: - ~
Carload Lots— Amlcots are ; quotable at 6@9c
for-Royals Bnd llVj(iil2c for choice lo fancy
Moorparks; Prunes, h^4c tor the 4 slz-s: Peaches.
4(g>si/jc for.prinie to choice, 6y 2 <ia)7c for fancy and
9<g>iOc for peeled in boxes; Apples. 63/ic %l Q> ror
evaporated and 2(52i 2 c for sun-dried; Pears, -'**.••
«i.">c for prime to choice, 4@SV2C for quarters and
6@6 Vic for halves: P.ums. 4c for pitted and iy c
for unpitted; Nectarines, 3-Vi>@4Vi c for choice and
tor laucy; White Figs.' 3c; BtacS Figs, 2V*
©2y 2 &- -.^y- -■ -,_ .■.- ,- . .
Jobbixo Pricks— Peache*. 4V @5V»c 9 1b:
fancy. 6Va@7V«c ?* Ib: peeled, l*%c V Ib; Aprl
cois, tsV2@9c *t lt>: fancy, 10c; Moorparks. 12(<$
13c; evaporated Apples, J s ,ic: sun-dritd, 23/4@3c;
Prune. @4c for the 4 sizes: Figs, black, 3c for
impressed and o@3>^c for pressed: white Figs,
i 4c; Plums, 4V-2®sc for pitted and iy c for on-
I pitted: Nectarines, 4@6c $ lt> for prime to fancy;
Fear«, 2i<o@,6c for whole. 4i/j(&sV*tf Jor quarter*
and 4i/2@6 1 for halve*.
RAlslNs— ■.;•;■-■
Carload Four-crown loose. SS/ c: three
crown, 4%c si lb: two-crown, 3^ijc f* lb: seed
less Sultanas. 5y 3 c; seedli-ss Muscatels, 4S/ c; 3
crown London layera, $115; clusters, $1 SU;
D«hesa dniters. $2 00; Imperial clusters, $3:
dried Grapes, 3c "$. Ib.
Jobbing Pricks— Francisco— Four-crown,
loose, 6%c: 3-crown, 434 c: 2-crown, 3',ic; seedless
Sultanas. 534 c; seedless Miißcalels. 4i?c: 8-crown
Lonaon layers, $1 2a : clusters, $1 60; Denes*
I cluster*. $2 75: Imperial clusters, *3 25.
NUTS— Chestnuts quotable at 8@10c: Walnuts,
6i.2@7c ft Ib for s.andan*. and 9@9L' c "$ Ib
lor softshell; Almonds. 6@6i.jc for Languedoc,
3@3U»c for hardshell and B»ac for paper-shell.
jobbing; Peanuis, 4@6c for Eastern and 4c for
i California: Hickory Nuts, 6@6c fi »>: Pecans,
i 7%@Bc $ lb; Filberts, 7y a @Bc; Brazil a **
! 7y 2 @Bc: Cocoanuts, 4@sc?l luo.
HuNKY— lu<sl2VgC for brl*h* and s@9e
I for lower grades: water- white extracted, s@sy c:
' light amber extracted. 4V ; 43 1 -i <Urlt mber ' 4(3
! 4i>c; dark, 2@3c ft Ib. ■-.■.■"..-.
HKIi!S\SAX-23©:6c j* Ib
ri.ovisioxs.
CURED MEATS— Bncon. 6c q» lb for bwf, 7C
! V tb for light medium. 9Vic for light. 10c fi lb for
I extra light : and liy c *lb for sugar-cured, i-.ast
j crn sugar-cure<l iiams. ®13c: California
Bams, lie ft lb: Wess Beet. *7@7 60; extra
1 mess do. $B@S 60; family do, i 9 50@10; extra
prime PorK, $7 50®S: extra clear. $16 »» bDI;
v.ess. $14 f* bbl: Smoked Beel 10c ¥ Ib.
LA RD— Kastern. tierces, Is quoted at Gy 2 c for
compound aud Witiy 2 c for pure; palls, 7c: Cali
fornia tierces, s@sy c t* lb for compound and 6!.4.c
' for pure; half-bbls, ti»ic; 30-tt> Una. "i.io; do 5-lb,
I 7y,c « tb.
COTTOLENE— 6@6yio In tierces and <?i@BV'BC
in 10-!b tins.
i HIDES, TALLOW. WOOL AND HOPS.
HIDES ASD SKINS-Heavy salted steers are
I quotable at 8c V tb; culls and brands, 7c V- D>;
me.Slnm. 7c; culls and brands, 6c; light, 6c; culls
aud brands, be: . Cowhide*. 6@6^c; . coils ana
bmnas, o(a.s'->c; salted Kip, O^Vc: salted Calf.
7@Bc; salted Veal, ti@7c: dry Hidei. 12@13c ¥ lb:
culls and brands. Sfcifuc: dry Kfo and Veal. 9*loc:
culls, 7@Bc; ory Calf, 16c; culls. n;c: Qoatskins,
V!t^3sc each: Kids. sc; Deerskins, good summer,
' 'iOl&aSc ?» tb; medium. 15®20c; wluUr. 7'a9c;
i M.eepskins. shearliUKS. 11)(g..5c each: short wool,
' •JSfa,3sc each; medium, So(a»4sc each; long wools,
41<g,60c each.
ALLOW— No. 1. rendered, S@3yic: No. 2, '.'VsC
Tfr lb: refined. sc; Grease. 2c IS Ib.-
WOUL — We quote Fall Wool as follows: Hum-
I boldt and Mendoclno. tt£9c: free northern. 7i^@
| BVic; middle coun;les, lree. 6V2@~c: do. defective,
i 4V2@i6c; Joaquin, 3to.f>r; do. foothill, 6@7c;
Kastern ' regon spring. 7%@9c: Valley Oiegon,
llVjfS 12yoc; do, fall and lambs', ll<&liy c.
■ Hues — blgScfor fair to choice and 9(g,10c %* Ib
for fancy. , ■ <
GKSERAL MEKtHASDISB.
BARS— Calcutta Graia Ba^i, spot, 4%c: Jone-
Ju'y delivery, 4%c: Wool 2iy 'aiV6yjC. .
COAL— Wellington," fß»*ton: New Wellington.
*8 %i ton: -^outhfleld Wellington. »7 50 t* ton:
Seattle. *5 50; Bryant, C 5 50: Coos Bay. %X 75:
Wailsend. $8 60: Scotcli, ; Hr.vniDO. — —1 Cum
berland, $13 60 In bulk and $15 In sacks; Pennsyl
vania Anthracite Kge, $11($12 ton; Weiali An
thracite, *8@10; Cannel, »8 * ton: Roclt bpnngs.
CBStleGaie auc Pleasant Valley, $7 60: Coke,
I fll@l2in bulk and $13 * ton in sks
: 6UGAK— The Western Sugar Refining Companr
! has reduced its prices Bnd now quotes as fol"
lows, terms net cash: Cube and Crushed. sy s c:
Powdered, sc: Fine Crushed, V c; Dry Uraua
lated, -13/gC:- Confectioners' A, 4S/« C : Magnolia A.
4c: Kxira C, 3'/ c : Golden C. asic: half barrels
i. c more than barrels, and boxea -yjO more.
BAN FBANCISt'O JJIIiAT MARKET.
Wholesale rates for dressed stock from slaugu
j terers are as follows: "" ;"?'.*;')
BKEF— First quatlty, 6@6i^c: extra choice, 7c;
' second do. s©tic: third do, <@5c t* Ib.
| ViCAl.— Large, 6<37c; small. 7@Bc lb.
-MUTTON— Wetuers, «V<j@7c; Ewej, 6@6Vic
i i^lb..
LAMB— 7@Bc f) lb.
i PORK— Live Hogs. 3y B (a,3i4c *"> for lar « nd
j tui'dlum ana aig(g,3Vic lursmml; dressed do, i\' a
j ®6y4U%»lh. .. •.:..,-. , .- •
litCJiIPTS OF I'KODUCK
rOB 24 HOCRI. •
I Flour, qr sks.... 14,1 10! Butler, cut... ._ 323
I Orecon 6,194 Cheese. «,U.... — 24
Washlngion... b,b9S, Kpgs. doz 4,680
! h>'ni. i-.n. . : 55.57t5Hides.no ...419
J Oregon. ........ 2«0 1 Pelts, bdls 610
Washington... 5,870 Wine, ca1^... ;..„ 46.800
| Barley, cus 1,575 Brandy, gals. 5,900
J Oats.ctls... 230 sugar, obis....— 4,105
I Corn. KMt, ctls.. 3.000 Wool, bis 8
RWashington... 4.BSo' Tallow. .... 8
Rye. ctls..._ 200 iemher. r011*.... 24
i Beans, sics....^ 33U , Paper, reams ... 6i-'4
I Potatoes, skj.... 2,193 i-laisin*. uoxa*.. .
| Onions. •<!...._ ■ - Quicksllver.fliZi 36
i Bran, xki .-.., 3«0 Lumber. M tar-. 30
Middlings, sic*.. ]50 Chicory, bbls.... 10
Hay, tons „ 655
THE STOCK MARKET.
Mining stocks were stronger ye«terday and al
most all sold at a fair advance.
The Silver King delinquent sale takes place to
day.
The Sun Joaquin Valley Bank of Stockton has
declared a semi-annual dividend of 3 per cent,
payable immediately.
The Farmers' and Mechanics' Bank of etock
ton is disbursing a quarterly dividend of 1V 2 per
cent, or at the rate of 6 per cent per annum.
The Stockton Savings and I oan Society has de
clared a semi-annual dividend ot $3 per share.
The Stockton savings lank is paying a divi
dend of 4 per cent for the ha. f year, or atihe rate
of 8 per cent per annum.
The following companies had cash on hand Jan
nary 1: Andes $3535. Alia flltfl.' Alpha on.
4429. Belcher $5000, Bullion $2172, Best <fc Bel
cber 12440. Caledonia $3357, Con. New York
$630, Challenge Con. 12(534, Coollar $357, Con.
Imperial SIOOO, CoriHd?n<e $3582. Con. Ca!. «fc
Va. $4945. Kxch-quer $1603, Gould A Curry
$1235 (with $2.0 ) owiiii to the Nevada Bank),
Justice $374. Mexican $10,075, Overman $8214.
Ophir $80K2, Occidental Con. $4373 (»l.h $25U0
dueth-birk), ioto-i $9068, ravage $25>2," >eg.
Belcher *-BL'o, Syndicate *586, .-leria Nevaia
$9505. standard Co i. - $42,050, Union Con.
$10,980, Itah Con. $14*9.
The following companies report an indebted
ness: Crown Point $2004. Hale «fe ' Norcros«
$19.9.>5. with monthly exne n^es to be pnid, and
$26,547 to r>e collected on the pe. dingasspsiment,
Lady Washing ou $806, Silver Kin? $iOBI.
Wee»ly reports irocu the l om»tock are as fol
lows: * : , '. '
:In the Hale <fe Norcron 'mire on ; the 900 level.
in No. 1 upraise, the south drift from the south
end of the sixth floor o! No. .1 upraise h«s been
advanced 10 feet: total length 15 feet. Face In
porphyry and qusr z. In No 2 upraise they have
been easing limb -rs as well as in So. 1, ami in the
former i ht-y continue to raise for the eighth floor.
; So change iv the ore »Inr*> last report. The mine
w: s closed for two U aval he past week. .
; Con. Cal. <fc Va.— looo level— irom west cross
cut 'A started at a point in the nor h drift 550 f et
north from the Con. Virginia 1 shait station or 85
feet south fiom the nor h boundary line of the
mine, at a }>olnt 486 feet from its mouth from the
double compartment upraise, 1 86 1 feel above the
slli floor of this 'level, tne. west. crosscut has bee i
extended 20 fet, jmssinir throush norphyrv and
clay \<ith the top half of the face streaked with
quartz of low assay value: to:al length. 125 feet
-1650 level— >o work hns been: done in the up
rals<! staried fiom enst crosscut 4 frQm the ninth
floor south drift. 1700 level— From the tweuty
sixth tloor the . went drift has • been extended 86
fe«"t through porphyry and quartz fissaving low,
total length 172 feet. From this drift nt a point
45 feet in trom its month the north drift hfs heen
advaneil 7 feet, pussine (hrouzn porphyry
strealcpd with quartz, to al length 109 feet, upp -
Biieihe north urift -the M,uth drift .has been ex
tended 3- feel, pass ng mrotuh i porphyry and
quariz assaying $2 and *5 cer ton, tota lmsth 140
teei. On -the tweuty-fiftn floor the east crossiot
has been started und advanced 15 foel tliroiuh
porphyry sbowlnz, clny eemiis, total lenx.h 77
feet. We continue fi lint; open space in thesiote.i
between the eighteenth and twenty^lxth floors
with fine ruclc. No ore has ; been extracted from
the mine dnring the w*e«. -■■-.' :• !:
•Keportsfrom the other mines are unimportant.
Brinswick Lobk: Con. Cal. & Va., Best <fc
Belcher and Gould & Curry— Miaf; 'Z— Resumea
work in the bottom or the shaft oo the 26th inst.
bhaft was sunk 11 feet; total depth 482 teei: bot
tom In porphyry. I The south drift started from the
station 300 level was extended 9 fert, passing
through 1 porphyry and quartz; total, length, 95
feet. 'Tunnel— main tunnel has been ex
tended 38 left, passing through orphyry and
clay: total length in Best <£ Belcher ground, 260
feet. East crosscut 1 started at a point in the
tunnel 150 ' feet from the Best & Belcher south
boundary was exten ted 33 feet; face in soft por
pnyry; totni. length, feei.
Savage-400 level— The north . drift was ad
vanced 26 feet: total length, -61 feet of south
boundary; face In clay,' porphyry and ae»m3 of
quariz. f""
■ Chollab— Shaft No. 1 has been sunk 13 feet on
the incline since last report, and Is down 788 feet
on the slope, ."'he bottom is "in hard footwall
rock. Are opening lengthwise ou the ore streak
on the £00 level, also raising and sinking, the ore
maintaining a fine grade and - varying In width
from Ito 2 feet. On the £00 level are sloping on
tue west stieak in good ore 18 liiches in wid.h on
the av.-rr.ge. . On the 40J level east crosscut has
b(en run 7 feet througu very hnrd rock, and has
been stopped; total length, 141 feet. Have started
No. 3 east crosscut 100 feet south of No. 8 aid
opposite Xo. 3 west crosscut. It is out
5 feet In hard porphyry. No. 3 west cross
cut is out 41 feei, having ndvnnced
he same 30 feet. The face is in porphyry and
sramsof qunr:z. From cro. scut 1 have advanced
Ihe south urlft startea 21 feet from th-n.oaihl3
feet,- total lenctn 25 feet, passing through quartz
and porphyry giving assays eoing from $16 to *-o,
one-third of which i» gold, and whicn h v« saved.
Will siart h raise from this point on the quartz.
Havenhipped during the .veck to the Nevada mill
from all points 107 tons ani 200 pounds of ore.
The surface tox i-amplea varied from $«3 to $125
per ton— the battery samples of all the ore worked
since lust report having averaged $78 62 per ton
silver calculate 1 at par in boili instances, lhe
battery sample average shows a gold valuation of
$43 05 per ton, or ver 26.88 ounce* per ton.
lUAlil) SAi-KS.
Following were the sales In the San Frandtco
St*ck Board yesterday : _
mi.vuK kosmni FF-sntiv?. rr»VM«VCt!»« 9iSO.
lon Aloha. 10400 Choir. 90;iO0 Potosi 60
30! i Belcher ...50 100 CC&V.. 1.15,400 BaTa»-e....30
200 . .61200 C0nn....1.05:10J a N«v....48
Ch11nge...46 300 Exchqr...'.O6 Union C.46
100 . ..47 200 Julia 04160tl * JaoJtd»..34
200 49120J Alex.. 4tj500 ■....«. 33
',;'• '■•■- '-■- '-*. JtrTKRNOON PKSSION— 2:3O.
100 l<|6oo Chll*r. 89l 60 0ph1r...1.05
250 8«1ccer....64 300 BHSOO 0vrmn....17
200 ....-65150 C0n11....1.1t 103 Poto«-...6S
10U 8dt8......8h 20J C l-0iui....26 iOO Kavase. .. 30
60 57 100 G <fc C...~30 200 I-Seg 8e1.. .12
300 66 10> Mexcn....47 100 .......... .11
150 ChalUe...6i 200 X«4 C..20 100 Un 100....44
300 ... 51200 -..26 200 X Ja«Jtl«.»7
350 CC&V..l.l!>i2ooOccid 23
Following were the sales In the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday:
l.j-firi rrßßjnv-I fl
400 Alnna 13900 Chollar...9o|l6oa 0nh1r..1.05
300 12 66J CX.V.^.1.15 0vrmn....18
200 121/s'lOO Conn .iy 8 135 l Poioil 58
100 Alia 04 150 1.U:»650 bO
200 Andes...-17JS0OO c Imp .02 700 67
300 Belcher... 4 9 400 C N Y....02,tt0J tsavage...3O
400 6D.70J C P0int.. .25 300 81
700 61 iOO fcxcnqr ...06 500 Scorplon..o3
70J .....:.„.. 62;d50 U <tU.... M 3i *0U 58AM...11
400 ....... 6J400 30 70J »N0v_...48
•JOa BAB. bb 300 HAN....ly 8 300 S Hill 01
600 571600 Julia Oi 300 ('2
600 ...... ".;:.~56 Li00 Justice... o6 200 btnrd 1.22y a
160U Bullion.. !0 800 Kentuck..O2 200 Union. ...*■£
400 Caleda.. ..11 00 ............OS 300 ...........43
3UO Cha11ge... 42: 400 L Wa5h.. .02)400 .....46
400 4i 100 Mexican -46 30J U*^n....-09
550 lUO 46 20*1 VJ«C*»i-34
6J0.... ....... .51 800 .... 4b ■>O0 35
600 6; 600 4*|600 36
400 bt\iOO 0CC1dU....24 : \ .■ ,« ,
■ *itikxooS WC88ION— 1:W.
200 AlDbft....'?!*" 0 ' *- nolr «" 200 Occd 23
200 13J400 .....9:1 15 » Ophlr 1.071/2
600 A1t*...:. .04 300 8t .00 I.os>
200 Andes.... lb 300 ....1.87 20J 0vrmn....17
200 £elcner.-.51 CC&V...1.1& 401 P0t0«1....68
600 ....» 55 200 114200 57
4UO 5t H)J Conn.... I.J -'OJ taava(e....3l
iSJ 8&8....57 150 iy 8 300 30
300 Fn11t0n....0 200 .........1.10 400 ..29
400 Caleda.... llfiOO Kxchqr....UttOo b8<£M....12
300 ..:...» 13 40U U<tU . .._3V tSOO sXev 48
60J Challge...6i 700 ....".31| 50Stnrd 1.27^
30'J .:...'.'.... 6t 40J H<feN...1.15!31i0 OuiOO-.....4/
200 5;- 1100 .:... ly g '2oo Utah U9
VOO ....- 54 300 Justice.. _b:.jl2ou V Jciii.-36
400 55 200 Kentck...oi 900 37
600 57 400 ..:... Ob 800 ....38
90U CrwnPt..2s 300 Mxtc....4b
- ILOSIKG QUOTATIONS.
MONDAY, Jan. 4— 2 P-u.
ji*.At*rd.\ "'■ : jßld.At'c'.l.
Alpha CM.-... 13 14Jnll». - t5
Aita. 04 01 lustlce. „ 04 05
Andes." 1* I'j Kentuclc....^ 03 04
Belcher 64 6t|Lady Wain.... — «3
Best Belcaw 66 67 Mexican 47 48
Benton Con.. . 06 li ; Xevada Qneea. — t4
Bullion 08 li Jccldeu:al 22 23
Caledonia. 13 I4l,iphlr 1.00 1.05
Chollar ......' 85 h6 overman...... 16 18
Con.Cal<&Va...l.lo 1.11 f0t05L. ........ 67 58
Challenco Coa. 67 5r savage. 29 30
Con. Imperial. 01 t; -corpton. — n3
Confidence.... 1.15 1.20 -c?. Uelchsr... 11 13
Uu.NeivVot; — C.V -liver Hill 01 «2
Crown Point... 26 27 -lerra -NeTaJk 47 48
fcastSierraXaV — I- -tumlard 1.26 1.80
* iiureka Coa .^ -25 . — ISyuaicat*. .... — iM
Kzcheuuer ...-. 05 «t LnlonUou 44 45
uv/Uia ct curry. l i 9 KIUtM ;........ 07 C 8
,iifci«oi »\otcr* 1.10 1.11 I leiiow 4»oK*> i 7 18
Jackson — 4h '
fbAOCtf. ANl> 1JOX1) EXCHANGE,
■ ■ — : — . - ■ - - ■
MONDAY. Jan. l-2f.it
rNrx»i> statib bonw.
:. *;i . £id.At*ecL . BUL. Jltktd.
cono.llo — C S4sres,..loi» HOVi
Do new issuel2o — |
MISCKr.»JANKOnVW*T™.
Cal-stCbless. s Omnibus e*..119.V<5 "20
Cal Elec L 65124 —•' PacßotlMtJs. — —
CntraCWS* — B5 Do 2d Is 65... — . —
Dpnt-stex-cp — »7y P&O Ry tfs. — 113
Kdsn L&P65126»4 - P&Cnßy6s. — Ii
FACHKR6S — 104 • iPwi-st RR 6«112 IIS
Gearr-it Rssloo 103 |keno,WLAJL. — 105
Jl « -«fc.s s%^s. loa — SactoP&L. - 100
LosAngL6s — 100 " SF&NPRS^. — 98
DoGnteed6s — 101 ir>PRH ArizSs 92 »3
Mut-stCble6sl2o — 'sPRRCaI tss. — 113%
DoßyCon 106 Vi r>Fßßialss. — 100
NatVln6slst — 100 -PBrßCal6s. 98 99
NevCNgß7s. 96% - ' SVWatertfs. 118^1 ' 9
N PCRR6s.IOOi/ 4 105 h |!3VWaier*s. U9Vs 99V 2
KyCal 6s. 99 — SlktoG&ES* - 101 V«
NRyCal 6s. — 95 sunsil<fc!6s. — —
Oak Gas 55.. — 104 >utter-slßss. llOVa — '
Do 2d Is 65... 107 110 IVlsaliaWv-'ttj — —
IViITKR STOCKVV ;.'----:
Contra Costa — 35 |San Jose — — '
MurinCo..... — 63 |Sprng Valley 97% 98 .
. GAS STOCK.*.' ':
Capital.. — 85 iPacifie Light 49 49V4
Central . . 95 — ! Han rancsco .97^4 87*/^
OakGL&H 54 64V4 sIOCktOU — '-HJ
Pac i.as Imp Bs»ya SKI/i -.;'.■•
JXSU'KANCR STOCK*. - ; I '
Flreman'sFdl6s — ' |Sun ........I. — —
COMMERCIAL BANK STniJC*
Araerß&TC. — — . LondonP«tA.l23 '.' 128 '
Anglo-Cal. '— ■ 55 i; |London«EsF. — —
Bank of Cal.. 238 245 MerchKx.... li — '
Cal e.D4TCoIO6 — INev-da .11:. — — ■
First ,N»uonll80 ISO • jsather B Co. — —
KAVIXGS BANK STOCKt.
GerP&LCo- — 1600 'Say A Loan.. — 105
HumbSAL.llOO — Security... 250 300
Mutual.. . — 40 jUnlon Trust. 875
bFsav Union — 600 | .. '
entKir RATX.BOAO <rI"KV
California.... 10? 110 lOakSLAHay — 103
j Oeary-st — 60 {Presld.o 5 —' •
Market-5t.... 43 433-iiSutter-ac — . — —
PoWl»fc.« STOCK*.
AtlantleD... — — '■ ' iGiantCon.... 2154 23
KasternD.... 79 85 Uud.onD.... - —
California.... 70 — ' 1V1g0r1t....... 60c 90c
MISCKI.I.ANKOITS BTOCK*. .
Alaska Pkrs.9By3 loo NatVlnCo.. - f«i^
BlkDCoalCo. — — I ceanlcSSCo 20 21Vi
Cal Cot MllH — - PacAuxFA - 4
Ed son Llg*Hl24y l2sy TacßoraxCo. 95 —
GasConAssn. — — Pac Roll Mill — —
Ger Le»d Co. 80 100 I'arf PalntCo — 7
HawCtSCo.. — 17 PacTransCo. — — '
Hutch Sl'io 23Vfe 235'» PacT&TG.o — —
MerExAssn.. — 110 Sunset T&T. — —
M. Klec Light 6y4 • V/s Unltau UOu. — —
BALKS— MOiI-M>'J >UUU4.
". r-oard— v
':60 Kdisou LlKbt&Powar Co 125 00
v; 6 Uutchlnson 8 P Co. ......._ ' 23 i 5
"60- do do 23 37%
15 Oakland Gas 63 74
$2000 Omnibus Cable 80nd5...... 119 50
50 e> F uaslieht.. *»7 J>o
20 s V Water b7 75
• Ktrept— - . £? r'' : '*{\f
8 OceanicS SCo. 20 00
$10,000 It V *X Jionds, U3 xS 26
SA! ■-->- A » 1»..t.> 1 ) jJCSttll.'f.
Ffinrrt— >
25 Hutchlnson PC0...... _ 23 60
$1000 Market-st Ry Con 6% Bonds. .... 100 25
20 PaciHc Lighting...:.. 4900
10 aY Water.......... »>7 87V4
-25' do do ......:..: V. ::■..". 98 00
2 do do ....: ...» 98 25 ■
50 do do, b2 98 00
FtJVM— '■ . ■
90 Oakland Gaa 64 00
40 s< V Water b7 87y.
$^000 SV« Bones ....:.... 9t» 25
REAL EBTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Samuel and I ora Salomon to Pauline Franklin,
lot on HE corner of Jackson street and Central
avenue, S 127:81/4 b' E 100:11: $10.
John Gunn to John J. CotTey, lot on S line of
Twenty-tirst, 50 W ot Potrero avenue, W 25 by
S 70; $in.
Christy Army Leblsnc (wife of C Leblanc) to
Cleop.ias Leblanc, lot on sj£ corner of l>olores
and Day slieeis, s 26:6 by E 100. quitclaim
deed: $1.
Kosiue Heussler to David Ummon, lot on >'
line of Twenty-third street, 98:6 E of snarnez. E
27 by N 90; SlO.
Jacob and Lina Heyman (by Oscar Herman, at
torney) to * Hiord H. Mriirnv, lot on s line of
Alv»rado street, 100 W of Hoffman (Ellen) ave
nue, W 26 by S lit?, lot 191. Heymnn Jract; $10.
Mirbae. J., Jeienuah, W iUiam. John and Kiia i"
be.li Haley. Margurei. Kurradas. Wary She.ly
(Haley) and E.len Kelly (Haley) to Marvin Carr.
ioi on ME line of Z .c street, 217:6 SK of Bryunt,
SE 20 by NX 75: $10.
l*hiiip J. and Stumev J. Fay to Charles W. Fay,
all Interest iv lot on s\V corner Yolo and Vermont
s reet*. S 100 by W 100: $5.
* innia aod Michael Schumacher to Louisa
Hayessen, lot on X lin* ol Twenty-second avenue,
27« M of Lake, 8 25 by E 120; gift.
George O. Com stock io tltanor Comstock, lot
89, block!), Lakevlew: gift.
Me.vin E. Brown to Daniel Siiter, lot on X line
of Kot»c usko street, 50 M of Hickory avenue. >'
V 5 by X 76, lot 293 Gift Map 2: $10.
Charles Bergstrom io Annie Bergstrom, lot 63?,
Gift Map 3: also lots 35. 36 and 39, block 20,
SU i»m« d H f impbell to John H. Campbell, flf
teJnShonwnathlD W«Bt In estate of Charles Lux.
deceased; $10.'
ALAHBDA , COUNTY.
H. and Eliza yon Duren toXavler FlscheMoton
S line of Howard street, 151) of High. X. 10 by
S l^elTto 1 WalTa ce hf il Kmery. lot. 28 to 31.
b:?ck\; Parson^ Golden Gate Tract, quitclaim
deed, Oakland Township: 45. T . m ,,- a \ , o , w h
* Steinnart to same, same, East Oakland;
? Smas 8. Wylie to Bessie Wylle lot on S line
of Adams or Fo rteentU street, 150 i-. of fwen
lleth avenue. E 60 Dy N 14t>, being .ots / and 8,
biock 23, *=an Antonio, E«st Oakland: K' ft -
JVI. J. Keller to M. J. Kell-r Company (a cor
roratlon), lots 1 to 14, block 2114, -^iden Iract,
Tem-scai, Oakland Township; $10. _,,, 1, *,
W. F. BoUted to Eilse S , Bolsted, undivided V 2
Interest in lot on NX corner of Fourth s-ie-tanu
Allison way, -V 44 by X JO'J, being a portion of
lot* 15 and 16, block 107, Tract B, Berkeley Land
ana Town Improvemen. .Association: a so the un
divided Va interest in lots 1 to 4, block 63, same,
Berkeley; gift, , , 
J. A. and Jennie A. Gr en to Mary Miller (wife
of Christian), lot on NW corner of'AUUon ana
Fifth streets, W 100 by N 100, being loU 12 and
13, olock 107, same. Berkeley; *10. ;
Bnilders 1 Contracts.
The Board of Education with W. Morgan A Co.,
ventilating, etc., school bnllding on N W corner of
eighteenth and Dolores, C. J. Havens architect;
9496. .-'/■•-■■; ;
William Tonjes with William Helbing. to erect a
two story duIU •on N line of Twenty-second
street, 76 Eof York, William Meibing architect;
«4725.
W. Valentine with Andrew S». Bnch. to erect a
two-story building on N line of Union street. 74:6 !
YV of Scott, Edgar A. Mathews architect; 939(6.
THE CALL CALESDAB.
January. 1897.
Mo.
*
Tu.jW. jTh. i It.
1
5 0 7 8
12 13 14 15
19 j 20 j 21 j 22 j
2« j 27 | 28 | 29 |
2 !
9
'Ak »w Moon.
sD Jan. 2.
L/^\FlrsC Quarter
■ vj/ Jan. 10.
Moon's Phases
17
11
19
16 '
1 I/sSk Full Moon.
V£/ Jan. 18.
23 1 —
i Last Quarter.
SO **• . Jan. 545.
OttAN STEAMMiS.
I)Mte« of Depmrture From Ssn Frsnrlifn.
BTKAMKR ' | DICTTttfATION'. |
HA I W
| PtKR.
Del None... lUravs Harbor.
t'z.nna Coos Bay .
Homer Yaqnlna Bay.
hurvica Newport
Zeal an J la .. ! Sydney i
Peru j China it Japan
ABiancbard Oregon, poris. . :
harallon ! Yaaalns Bay. .
State or Cal. | fort) and ;
Santa Kosa. j Pan Dieco
San lilav... Panama. j
P0m0na..... ' Homboldcßai '.
Arcata :(oo* Bay
Cmatllla Vie <fe Pgt Snd
Loos Bay- . . j N cw port i
Corona ; San Dleso.
Colnrabia .. Cortiani
Jan 6.1 ii Pier M
Jan 6, 12 m Pier 8
Jan - 6. 6pm Pier 2
Jan 0. Van Pier 11
Jan 7, STpm Pier 7
Jan 7. Ipm PM 8 3
Jan 7. 6pm Pier 1-i
■tan 8. Bam Pier 2 :
Jan B.luam Pier 24
Jan B.llam Pier 1L
Jan 8.12 m P MS S
Ja:i 8. »pm i ><>r •
Jan 9.10 am Pier 13
Jan 9. 9am Pier 9
Jan 10. Yam Pier 11
.lan 1 J.I la i. 11
Jan IK.JUam Pie- it
STKAMKKS TO AKKIVK.
-i-amkr |
Krok
1»D-
Crescent City. . . ]
Alliauc,-... ;
Aliceßiancnard
State of Cal
North Koric. ...
Washtenaw .... :
Banta Kosa
Mexico !
1-arallon i
TUlanaook
National City..
Pomona ;
Kmplrt ......... ;
Newport
Coptic .... :
fooi Bay i
Progreso I
Arcata I
C010n........... <
City Pnebla
Corona. .
Columbia j
Czarina
Homer '
Koreka. ]
Alcazar I
! Crescent UHjr .:„„...'„.
Coos Bay
' ana..
Portland. 1 ....;..........
Hum bold t Bar
Tacoma
; san Diego -
Victoria <fe Pueet Sonnd
Yaqutna War
Yaquina Bay
Humboldt
; liumbuid. Bay. ..
; Portland....*.
Panama
China and Japan.
i Newport...
Seattle ,
Coos Bay
Panama
Victoria & Pa get sound
I San liieeo.
j Portland. ..
Coos Bay
Y»qulna War..
! Newport.
Grays Harbor j
..Jan 6
Jan b
..Jan 5
..Jan &
..Jan 5
..Jan 6
..Jan 6
..Jan 6
..Jan 6
..Jan 7
..Jan 7
Jan 7
..Jan 8
..Jan 8
..Jan 8
..Jan m
..Jan 8
..Jan H
..Jan 10
..Jan 10
..Jan 10
..Jan 10
..Jan 11
.Jan 21
..Jan 12
..Jan 12
SUN, MOON A>"U 11 UK.
Visited statks Coast and Reod'tic Sitbvet
Times and Hkiohts or Hron and Low
Watkeß at Fo t Point, Entravck to
Has Fkancisco Kay. Published by Offi
cial Authority of thk sitkbintendent-
Notb— The high, and low waters occur ai the
City Front (Mission-street Wharf) about twenty
f)vp m.nn p-i later than at Fort Point: the height
of tide is the same at both places.
January— lß97.
Tuesdar. Januar/ 5,
PnnriAM 7 -26 Moon rlsea
bun «eti 5.05 Moon setv 7.52 pif
g| H U ! I, W H ■ ii. VV|
! Feet
! i.Mrj 4... t».~u
i 2.29 4-6; 7.181
2.68: 4.7 X 1»
3.29 - 4.7 92H
4.03 4.* 10.32
a.i . i
•2.9 1.16
2.7 -.'.12 1
j 2.6 3.12
2.3 4.18
a. -i 77
. 4.8 7.
; 4.2 8
3.6 9.i
' Si; 9.
Rio -v.4
r.4- i 0.2
125 0.8
1.03 1.4
».42 2.1
Notk— ln the above exposltton of the tides the
early morning tides are given in the left hand
column, and the successive (ides of the day in the
order of occurrence as to time. The second time
column gives the second tide of the day, the third
time column the third tide, and the last or right
band column gives the last tide of the day, exeep:
when there are bat three tides, as sometimes
teenrs. - The heights given are additions to tha
soundings on the United States Coast Surrey
charts, except when a minus sign (— ) precedes the
belght, and then the number given Is subtractlve
from the depth given by the charts.
XOTICK TO MARINERS.
A branch of the United States Hvdrocraphlc
Oftire located In the Merchant!' Kxcbange is
maintained in San Francisco for the beneSt of
mariners without regard to nationality and free of
exnense. .
. Navigaiors are cordially Invited to, visit the
office, where complete sets ot charts and sallinz
directions of the world are kept on nan l ror com
parison and reference, arid the latest Information
can always be 'obtained, regarding lights, dangers
to navigation and all matters of Interest to ocean
commerce.
The time bait on top of the bnildlng on Tele
graph Hill .1* hoisted about ten minutes before
noon, and is dropped at noon. 120 th meridian, 'by
i telegraphic signal lecetved each day troiu the
United States Naval Ob.ervmory a-. Mare Island.
Cal.
A notice stating whether the time ball wag
dropped on trtne, or giving the error, If any, Is
published the same day oy the afternoon papers.
i and by the morning -papers the following <iav.
W. S. Hurhes.
. Lieutenant, U. 8. N-, in charge.
The Time Bull.
r»AXCH JTYJVKOeRAPHIC Orrrnn. XT. S. T- ■»
KBCHA KXCRAX4N V
Eait Fbancisco. January 4, 1897. )
TT\« time ball on Teiegraon litll nti aropps'.
ezacUr at noon to-day— L c.. ai noon of the 1201 j
tueridUo. Or exactly t»t *•. m.; Greenwich lima.
W, s. UUSHKS,
■■■■-.:■' r.i»ntAn»nt T*. H. N. in <• liar
— —
NOTICE TO MAKINKKB.
Noonday Rock— California.
The Noonday Kock Bsll Buoy, Mblch recently
parted its moorings aad -vent adrift, has been re
pl&ct-d in Its oli position, SOU yards SW by S
from the rock.
By order of the Lighthouse Bosrd,
Frank Courtis, Commander U. S. N.
Inspector Twelfth Lighthouse District.
SHll'l'lAti INT±.L,LI<ifcNCJS.
Arrive I.
MONDAY. January 4.
Stmr Cleone, Johnson, 30 hours irom Cres
ceni City : lumber to Simpson Lumber Co
Stmr Eureka, Parsons. 70 hours irom Newport
and way ports: pass and mdse,to Ooodall. Perictm
* Co.
Stnir City of Sydney, Johnston, — days f-om
La Libertad. via -AC.ijuiu; pass and mdse, to P M
S S Co.
Nor strnr Peter Jebsen, Hansen. 4V» days
from Nanaimo; 4525 tons coal, to John Rosenfeld's
Sons. l. prvef direct.
Stmr Scotia. Johnson, 16 hours rrom Albion:
•22 7* il ft lumber, to Albion Lumber Co.
SchrEtta B, Madsen. 9 noun from Fort Ross.
30 bxs batter, to Knss <fe Howletu • --
Sclir I.aNinfa, Dollatd, hence Nov 14. for a
co l fishlnc criiMe In .tiering tiea. Rtiurned on ac
cojnt of heavy gales. .
>1 eared.
MOSDAY. January 4.
Nor strar Eva, Hansen, Naiialmo; Jonn Rosen
fela's >-ons. . - ■-.-■• ■•...■ ■
tstmr Corona. Jepsen, ■ ban Diego: UoodalU
Pericins Co. . .. .<;■■■.
Pomona, Doran. , Eureka: Uoodau. l'e.-iim
Co. ' ■ ■ - •
' Ktmr Eureka, Parsons, San Pedro; GoolaU, Per
kins «fc (o. ■ .
Pailerl.
* MONDAY, January 4. :
Stmr Bonlta. Weed. Coos Bay. - - .
bimr Corona. Jei sen. San Dieso and way ports.
Ktmr Pomona, Doran. KureKa.
Stmr .>>wsbor. i-osen. Usal.
Stmi Walla Walla, Wallace. Victoria and Port
Townsend. .•. ..-
Wchr Monterey, Beck, Bowens Landing. •
• Schr L'hrlitlnaSteffens. -Nordllnir, KUks Mill,
>■< fcciir JS'etue Low, Low, Point Hm/h*. =; v- ' v: > .
Telegraphic.
POINT LOBO& Jan. 4.-1(1 P. M.— WiatW
clear; wind NE; velocity 10 miles.
Charter*
The ship Glory or the Seas loads coal at Depart
ure Bay or thi* port. . _j
The following vessels load lumber: Schr Kinij
Cyrin, on the Sound for Shanghai. 40s: Br shlßt
PersUn. on thP Columbia River for Me.b mrnpa
38s 9d; bark UnJaimted. at Port B.axeley foa
tibanghai. S
J>omo«tic. P»>re«.
VENTURA — Arrived Jan 4— stmr Geo Loom 1
hence Jan 3, and sailed lor sau Francisco.
POKT GAMBl.K— Arrived Jan 4— Schr Hue
neme, idih Port BlaKeiey.
> LKO.NE— sailed Jan 4— Stmr Greenwood, for
San Francisco.
SAN PEDKO-Arrlved Jan 4-Stmr' Navurro.
from j' 11 re a.
GRAYS HAKBOR-^ailGd Jan 4— <*ch- M«ld of
Orleans, ti-r San Kranclsco; gclir San Buunaven
tura for P^rt Harfoii
sKtJREKA- ed Jan 4-Brig Geneva, lor SyO
nfv.
SOUTH BEND— Arrived Jan 4— Scnr Beulnh,
hence Dec "J3. ■
XJ.MPQCA -Sailed Jan 2— Schr Sadie, for San
Francisco.
COQUILLE RIVER-Salled Jan 2— Scbrs En
relca and Ante ope, for Sau Francisco.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived Jan a— Kktn Portland,
froru Astoria; schr Comet, fro-n Por; Gamblo.
FORT BKAGU-Arnveu Jan 4-oim.- Caipar,
hence Jan H. .
CLEONE— Arrived Jan 4— Stmr Greenwood,
henc*- Dec 3.
ALBION-Salled Jan 3-8 mr f-cotla, for San
Fninrisco.
BOWENSLANDINO-Arrlved Jan3-3oar Bar
bara Hermter. henie i)ec 9.
GREENWOOD— SaiIed Jan 4-Stmr Alcatrar,
for san Francisco.
BL'KEKA— sailed Jan «--jiur North Fork, for
San Krancisco.
TACOMA— Sailed Jan 3-Hwed ship Lady Una,
for Australia.
Foreign I'o-*!.
VALPARAISO-Sailed Nov 21-Br ship Pass of
Melfori. for Puget Hound.
. Arrived Nov 27— Chtl baric Guinevere, from
Cbemainus. ,
CALCUTTA -Arrived Dec 19-Brshlp Luclpara
from Butrards Inlet.
sailed Jan —Br ship Caradoc, for Saa Fraa-
Cisco.
ADELAIDE— Jan I— Brship Dansyre,
from Taccm
HONGKONG— Arrived Jan I— Stmr City of I'e
king, hence Dec 1.
UUEENSTOWN— Arrived Jan 2— Brshlp Jes<o
-mene, Irom San Diego; Br ship Brablocb, hence
A.ue 80. Jan 3— Br baric Morven. hence Au? 13.
LIZAKD— PaMml Jan 2— Br sblp Lird Temple
ton. from Antwerp, for San Francisco; Brshlp
Beechbnnk, bence AUg 30. for London.
" YOKOHAMA — sallt-d Jan 2— a.mr Fmpreas
of Japan, for Vancouver.
I BHAXfiHAI-ArrivM Jan 2-Bktn Willie R^
Hume, irom Tacoma. T
Movement* of Trarm- Atlantic Stes»rn*-t
--.NEW YOKK— Arrived Jan 4-Btmr La Nor
mandie. from Havre.
AMSI'KKDAM— SaUed Jan 4— Stmr Zaandasn,
for New York.
COPENHAGEN— Arrived oat Jan 4— Stmr
Tmngvalla.
A.STWERP-sailed Jan 2-9tmr Berlin, for
New Xork. .:.'.-"■ ;"..
GIBRALTAR— SaiIed Jan 3tmr Werra, for
New Yor*.
Importations.
NEWPORT— Per Knrelca— 74 bxs oran?e§.
Kant San Pedro— 3s bxs oranges, 1 cs shoes, 1 bz
vegetables.
Ventura— l bx butter, 124 bxs lemons.
Carplnterla-12»ks chlliej. 1 ox orange trees.
i^a;i Peiro— 1 Keg olives. 'i sicscoffee. \2 c« soap,
isanta Barbara— •£ bzs Dutter, 50 ox* oranges. 111
bdls hides, i' 2 bxsoraoge*.
Oaviota— 2 bxs butter, til ski crawfish.
Port Harford-1» bxs fish. 21 bxs bu;ter, 65 bxa
apples. B<*s «>*;:*. 2 sks potatoes, 2 dressed calves.
Cnyueoj — 6i bxs bmer, lies eggs, 5 sfcs dried
abalone-t, 65 dress**! calve*.
San Mmeon— i tub 46 bxs batter. 4 cs egß», 1 s<
quail, 5 tins matches, 1 bx wagon. 12 sks dried
abalunes. 32 dressed calves. A 2 bales seaweed.
Monterey— 4 bxs dried abalones.
. Consignee*.
P»r Eureka— Gray «SBarblerl: C C Pennetl: J
Demartinl <fe Co; Oampodonlco A Malcolm: R.var
Kxpiesi: o B Smith A Co: j ivancovicn & Co; vv
Loaiza: McDonough litmyon: L Scaiena <& <o:
Wood, Cnrtls <fc Co: LG Sresovich <fe Co: i'ala:e
lloit-, : Sunsei Seed and Plant Co; J B Jnguglla: A
Wyss; Brlgham. iluppe ti: Co: Ani«rica r Union
Klsb Co: Marshall <fc Rpimers; W R Knight <fc Co;
Dodxe. Sweeney <t Co: Lievre, Frlcke Co; Lanor
Ex lianze: Wheat^n, Breon <fc C-o: HilU Bros: A J
B Imm'l : WitKeTA Baker: Norton, Teller <fc Co:
The Pacific Coast Home Supply Association:
HUmer, Bredhoff A Schulz; H N Tilden&Co: (nit
Jacob-ion: Getr Bros A Co: H Kirchruann A Co:
Chai Montgomery A lo; Marshall, Tegxart ACo :
CK\V r nttn«.«Ui: FBUaight: stanaard Oil Co:
I)e Bernard! A Co: L D Stone A Co; Hills Bro*; A
Kn-a; Western Meat Co: Felling, Cressy A Co: P
D Stone A Co; Dairymen's Unlou: (i Cami.loni A
Co." ;■ - . :- ;
OCEAN - TRAVEL.
THEO.R.&IM. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STKASIERS Til
POR.TL JSL2NT X>
'.From Bpear-street Wharf, at 10 a- v.
FA.T>TP/»12 Flr*t-clasa \ Iocludln;
J\ri,Slj\me Secoiiil-clnM4 fbtu'M &uw»»i .
* , ' SCHEDULE OF SAILINGS: i
Columbia Jan. 8, 13, '.'3, Feb. 3 I
State of California Jan. 8. 18, 28, Feb. 7>*
Through tickets and through baggage to all
Eastern points. Rates and tolCers upon applica-
tion to '^rijSß
F. F. CONNOR. General Agent.
630 Market street. -
GOODALL. PERKINS <t CO.. superiaj,euden_-.
TICIFIC COAST_STEAaSUIP CO.
QTEAMERS LEAVE. BROADWAY A~»,
O wharf, San Francisco, as follows: ~^^fnt
For Mary Island, I orine. Wranzel, Juneau Kil-
lUnoo and Sltka (Alaska), at 9 a. U., Jan. 9 '24.
For Victoria and Vancouver (B. C), Port Town-
send, Seattle, Tacoma, Everett, Anacortes and
New Wi atcom (Bellinebam Bay. Wash.). 9 a 11
Jan. 4, 9, 14. 19,24, 29. and every fifth (lav there-'
after, connecting at Vancouver with the C. P It.
R., at Tacoma with N. P. R. R,, at Seattle with G.
N. Ky., at Port Townsend with Alaska steamers. '
For Kureka, Area a and Fields Landing (Hum
iwldtßav), «tr. Pomona '2 p. m.. Jan. 4, 8 12 la.
iO. 24, 28. and every fourth day thereafter.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey, San Simeon. Carncoa.
Port Harford (San Luis Obispo), Uaviota ilanta
Barbara. Ventura, Haeneme, san Pedro. East Sai
Pedro (Los An«eles) and Newport, at 9 a ' v
Jan. 2, B, 10. 1 4. 18, 22, 26, SO. and every fourth '
day thereafter. "
For san Diego, stopping only at Port Harrord
(San Luis Oblspo). Santa Barbara, Port Loa An-
reles. Redondo (Los Angeles) and Newi>ort. 11 .
A.M. Jan. 4. 8. 12. 16, 20, 24. 28, andeveryfourtta
day thereafter.
For Ensenada, San Jo»e del Cabo. MazatUn. L»
Paz and Guaymas (Mexico), steamer Orizaba. \a
a. M. 25th of each month. mo*, ig
he Company reserves right to change steamers
or sailing dates. Ticket office— Palace Hotel
New Vontgomerv street. . •«• •
GOODALL, PERKINS * CO., GenH Agents.
10 Market st., San Francisco. ;
fKEinMlfl SYDNEY. Thursday.
tt™^, . SYDNEY. Thursday,
Csls — t • \ January 7, at 2p. M
§PSfliP=> H^tv-O^SU^nlT
rates
LInetoCOOLGABDIK, Anst.. and CAPETOWN
South Afrloa.
J. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO_ Agent*.
114 Montgomery street.
Freight Office, 327 Market st.. »an Francisco.
COMPAGIIE TRAJSATLAITIQUg
French Line to Havre. ;\"
COMPANY'S PIE K(NEW),42 NORTH A«c [
\J River, foot of Morton st. lrave!»M by 16 §
this line avoid both transit by English railway an*! *
the discomfort of crossing the channel In a small
boat. .New YorK to Alexandria, Kgyp;, via Paris,
first class $160. second class $116.
NORMAXDIE Jan 9 q» w
LA HAMPAGNE J«n. 16*10 a' It
LABOUKUOU.NE ...Jan. 23l 6*l if*
La UASCOGNE. J«n. 30. 6 a if '
LABRETAGNE. Feb. 6, st. v!
tS- For funher particulars apply to
a. FoimtT, Acent.
No. 3. Bowling Green. New York
J..F. FCGAZt & CO., Agents. 6 Montgomery
avenue. Saa Ftancisca
WHITE mi tm
United States and Royal Mall Steamer)
BRWKU
New York, Queen n & Liverpool,
aAiLINu K >'Ki. a l,r.iin.
nABIN.»10 AXDff WAKD, ACCORD- /M
\J lnc to steamer and accon:modatlo .i mttßß
selected : second cabin, $12 60 and ßl , 50; MaJeTTa
and Teutonic Mteerags Tickets from England, Ire-
land, Scotland. Sweden. Norway end Denmark
through to San Francisco at lowest rates. . Tickets.
Bailing dates and cabin plans ' may ■be procure 4
trom \\. H. A VERY, Pacinc Mail Dock, or at in*
General Office of the Couipany, 813 Maricet itrb«^
tinder tirana Hotel. v. W. FLETCHER.
' • General Ageut lor Pacinc Coajfc
FOX YALLEJO ASD U. S. SAVY-YARD.
ST£AMKS ''MONTICELLO,"
DaUy ex. Saturday <!t buu_ 10:30 a. m. and 4 pm.
faiuidays »10:30 a. it., 4 p. m.
Sundays....;-.....;.. jj p. it
Landing Mlsslon-stree- Do-!ic, Pier -J.
" . ~ Telephone Black "2 Jl.
*Trlp gives 6 hours stop at Navy-Yard • "
STOCKTOS STEAMERS
Leave Pier No. 3, Washington st-
At U r. M. UaU,. ■Jre^ r..Vl?iu?Ss i
tO" Accommooauons Reserved by Telephoaa. i
Roa£f°reigi!r maaiue l " r ° U| rau«» on i VaU« J
STKAMEII!*:
T. C. Walker. J. TD. r#>r »-.
Mary tiarratt. City of Bto7kt«m.
805. Cai. K»». and l >n^
FOR S.MJOSE, AM r«ATds&SAXTACRl T Z
OTKAMER ALVISO LEAVES •I^ p i m«v-
-p day. Wednesday, frtdav. at 10 i^. 1 a °. N '
•1 uosdar. Thursday. S«t,,rdav at 3 P VP«
and Passenger. Fare between Nan V*!t. Fr l i
AlviHO, 50c:. to San Jose. 75c "ciff?^ 1 '? 0 a =*
mW. banta Clara «., sau Jo»£ ** "^ * i<u vDR; PARDEE RISES
IN HIS WRATH
His Answer to the State
. ments of His Legal
Opponents.
Scorching Words About Those
Who Wish to Break the
Pardee Will.
He Supposed the Dead Would Be
Respected and the Living
Let Alone.
Oakland Office Sax Francisco Call,)
903 13 road way, Jan. 4. i
Dr. Pardee has risen to answer the
nume-rous stories which, ever since his
father's* death, have been repeaieJ about
his fattier, his fortune and himself. His
answer, written by himself, is as follows:
' Ever since mv father's death there has been
fo much said, both in the newspapers and out
of them, concerning his and my affairs, and so
many statements made by those interested in
breaking my father's last will, that, in spite of
my reluctance to air the family disputes in
the papers, I am at las-t driven to that expedi
ent. My father has been accused oi almost
everything: his reputation has,b?en assailed
and "his sanity attacked. I, too, have been
maligned and abused, and accused of things
that exist only in the minds of those who
abused my father living and have endeavored
to besmirch him dead. I have kept gi;ent
under these attacks on my father and myself,
hoping that they would cease and thai the
dead, ai leust, would be respected and the liv
ing let alone. Such, however, I am ashamed
and sorry to say, has not been the case.
The attacks have grown in virulence and
mendacity until at last in pure desperation I
have been forced to make public my side (or
at least a portion of it) 01 the unfortunate state
of affairs. Ido this with extreme reluctance,
and only then that the people of Oakland may
no louger think that my father wna tne kind
ot'i man that his detainers are trying to make
him out, and that they may no longer think
• that my continued silence is a slgu of weak
ness or that I admit, even by silence, that he
was anything but a good man. As for myself
I aesire ;o say that f shall, at the proper time,
(•how that nil of the stories circulated so in
dustriously against me are absolutely and
unqualifiedly untrue, and tbat the persons
making them are unworthy oi belief.
In has been industriously circulated by
word of mouth »nd in interviews in the public
prints that my father made an unfair divi
bion of his property and bequeated the larger
portion to me, leaving his daughter, my half-
Mster, and his widow, my stepmother, but ill
irovided for. It has been stated both by word
of rconth and in newspaper interviews that
the value of my father's estate was from $350,
--000 10 $-400,000. Neither of these statements
is triv.
My father's estate at this time is, at a fair
and liberal estimate, not worth more than
$280,000. This estate he divided into two
unequal portions. To me he gave the lesser
jortion and to his widow and my sister, be
tween them, he gave the larger portion. To
me he cave property valu d tit not more than
. $127,000 and to his daughter and his widow he
gave sl43,ooo. It was fair to suppose that his
i:augh;er would survive his widow and be
come htr heir— so that he practically divided
his property into two unequal poriions, giving
the larger "portion to his daughter ana the
smaller pnrtioa to his son. All this property
was acquired by my father before his mar
riage witn nis widow, and no portion of it whs,
ns i:iv lather declared in his will, community
property. The property he gave to his widow
is, at a low estimate, worth $70,000, there
fore, ore-quarter of the whole estate, and
brJlisrs In a. i ncome ot $215 per month. The
total income of the property jriven to sister
*ancHiCfmiJthen^*OTcr-^'4sO per month. i -
It is mie that my latner provide! that the
propt-rty bequeathed to my sister should in
the event ot then entirely improbab c contin
gencies go to me. Those contingencies have,
■unfortunately, arisen, and the property be
queathed to my sister goes, under the provi
s.ons of the will, to me. What is there unnat
ural in this ? Is it not perfectly nnural that a
man should wish thnt his property should go
to his direct descendants and not to the family
of his second wife, neither of whom, the wite
or the family, had helped him accumulate any
portion oi it ? And is not that wile (and eveu
her family) well provided for when she is lelt
i>roperty of the v»lue oi $70,000, a home rent
free and an income of over $'200 a month,
<venin these times, when renis are low and
property has depreciated ?
As I have said before, I mnke public a por
tion of niy defense of the pood name of my
father with a great des.l of reluctance, and
only a:tt-r I had waited patiently and In
silence many weeks for the attacks uion him
to cease. As .for the false accusations that
have been made iigainst me and my good name
I have at this time only to say tnat they are
absolutely and unqua.lliedly untrue, and that
when the proper time comes (as it will when
the contest comes in court) I shall show that
those who have believed these tales without
waiting to hear the other side have done me
an injustice and themselves no honor. >
JUDGES ORGANIZE.
Greene Succeed* Himself and Hall Sac-
ceecln .Frick.
OAKLAND. Cal, Jan. 4.-The Judges
of the Superior Court held a consultation
this morning and agreed on the following
assignment for the present year: Judge
Ha!:, Department 1; Judce Greene, De
partment 2; Judue Ellsworth, Department
3; Jud.-e Ogden, Department 4.
Judge Greene welcomed himself as his
successor, and Judge Hull took the -place
of Judge Frick.
Iv the District Attorney's office J. W.
Stetson succeeded Carl Wood as a deputy*
and there were no other changes iv the
Courthouse.
SAVED BY ONLY AN INCH.
Sherman Fogarty Falls in the
Bay and 1 ticks in the
Mud.
A Little Bl c!< Spot on the Water
Prov.d His Salva
tion-
Oakland Office San Fraxcipco Call,/
'■)U6 Broauway, Jan. 4. f
Sherman S. Fogarty can thank the top
of his head that he did not pass the night
in the Morgue. He will remember his
narrow escape from drowning this after
noon for many days to come.
Mr. Fogarty is an enthusiastic aquatic
sportsman and all h s bpare hours are
epentin boating on the estuary. He has
had many narrow escapes on account of
his fearlessness, but this afternoon nearly
closed his career. He was literally saved
by the too of his head. He was attempt
ing to steo from the Alice-street bridge
into his boat, which ua-j moored Blackly
from either end. Mr. Fogarty pulled the
mooring line that was nearest him, in
tending to junio into the boat as soon ass
it could be beneatli his feet. He did not
allow, However, for vhe spring of the
maniia line, and when he jumped the boat
was net there. Mr. Fogarty went into
the %\ater, which at that particular spot is
just about as deep as he is tall. His feet
>vere imbedded in the soft mud from
which ne could not readily free them and
just about one inch of his head was visible
ahove the surface.
No one saw him fall into the bay, but
some people who were rlshine heard the
splash and at once ran to see the cause.
They could see nothing but a little dark
spot on the water, and as it moved they
changed their first idea that it was a little
■*al and concluded that it was the head
of a human being. Their conclusion
proved correct, and no time was lost in
rescuing Mr. Fogarty from what came
very near proving a watery grave. He
was fished out, the mud was scraped off
him, ana he was forced to invent many
excuses for his peculiar appearance as he
walked to his home.
Takes a Young Wife.
OAKLAND, Cal., Jan. 4.— Thomas
Ewing, the mining man who attained
some notoriety two months ago by com
ing f rom Montana to California in order
that he might vote for silver, waa married
this evening. He was at the County
ClerK's office as soon as it opened, and ac
cording to his affidavit he is 5(3 years old,
and Miss Isabel Doyle, whom he was li
censed to marry, la 124.
May I.c Olher Heirs.
OAKLAND. Cal., Jan. 4.— The Boogar
litigation came up again this morning be
fore Judge Greene. Attorney Church
wanted the estate not to be distributed for
three or four weeks, in order to hear from
supposed heirs in Germany. Attorney
George Knight, for the widow, dened that
there were any heirs except the widow,
and wanted the property distributed to
her. The matter will be decided oa Feb
ruary 4.
Judge Ames' Denial.
OAKLAND, Cal., Jan. 4.— Judge J. P.
Ames has filed a motion for a dissolution
of the injunction issued at the instigation
of his sister, Mrs. Ann Harris, who al
leged that he has misappropriated a large
share of her estate. He denies all his
sister's charges, and says that he under
took to manage her affairs upon her
special request. He declares that he has
spent $26,000 for ' er own use, and that
she had about $52,000 left.
St. Mary's College.
OAKLAND, Cal., Jan. 4.— The second
semester of 1897 of St. Mary's Collese
opened under the mo-t favorable auspices.
I All the old stuuents have returned and
new ones are coming in rapidly. A pros
perous year is already assured.
EVERY HEAD TO FULL
Supervisors Take Office and Do
Business on the "Whirl
wind Pian.
Roeth Wanted to S c All His Friends
Drawing Official Salaries Next
Week.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway, Jan. 4. j
A lively session marked the inaugura
tion of the new Board of Supervisors this
morninc. Although each member ac
complished much, the honors of making
the pace were definitely carried off by
Supervisor Roeth. Not content with or
ganizing the new board, passing rules for
its government and transacting much im
portant business, Mr. Roeth also intro
duced a blanket resolution covering every
office in the gift of the board and declar
ing them vacant. This final ambition of
his, however, was temporarily laid over.
No time was lost by the outgoing mem-
Ders in handing over their seats to their
successor-. Joseph Johnson pave way to
Charles Roeti), W. S. Pelouze to John H.
Mitchell and Hi:am Bailey to Thomas
Well?. Mitchell at once nominated Tal
cott for chairman, and the appointment
was made unanimous.
Very few words were lost in ceremony
when Supervisor Roeih introduced a set of
rules for the government of the new board,
which was unanimously adopted. After
the adjournment Chairman Talcott an
nounced the following standing commit
tees:
Building Committee — Mitchell, Roeth,
Church.
Finance— Mitchell, Church, Eoeth.
Roads uud Bridge-— Koeth, Wells, Mitchell.
Hospital— Church, Mitchell, Roeth.
Printing— Roeth, Mitchell, Wells.
Secretary Koeth then introduced his
voluminous resolution. It provided for
the immediate decapitation of courthouse
janitor, gardener, assistant gardener, lire
man, n is: nt- watchmen Halt o; Records
and Treasurer's office. Receiving Hospital
physician and steward, County Infirmary
drug clerk, matron, farmer, cook, night
watchman, uining-roorn steward and
baker, bii.dge-ter.der Webber street, copy
ists, and roadmasiers of Piedmont, Ciure
mont, Bay and PeraJta and Temescal
districts.
Supervisor Church was inclined to show
a little leniency to the incum
bents, and alter s aiing that there was no
need to turn all the poor fellows cut till,
the end of the month at least, the reso
lutions failed to pass. It will, however,
go through in time to make the changes
on the first of February.
The lucky men to rill positions so far
as m;i ie public are the following: Ass-st
ant gardener, L. H. CoLib; fireman, J. E.
liiKOld; Treasurer's watchman, George
Aialoon; Hospital physician. Dr. R. E.
Stratton; steward. I. D. Tobriner; in
firmary dru- clerk, George W. Baxley ;
coot, George W. Walker; watchman, Kam
Jeffries; bridge tender, C. A. Emiay;
copyists, 'Misb Isabel Mitche:l and J. P.
Cook; roailniaster. Pudmoiit, Chris Jes
sen; Claremont, J. Danes; Bay, Frank
Slater; IVraliaand Temescal, A. McAdnm.
Supervisor Chunh brought up the
Webster-street bridge matter. "We have
received orders from tne Secretary of
War," he said, "to build that bridge, so
we must do something at ones. For one,
I do not feel competent to pass on those
plans, so I move that a special committee
be appointed to fully investigate tne
matter."
TaJcott and Church were appointed and
instructed to empoy a competent person
to report on the cost and feasibility of the
new scheme. The committee was re
stricted in expenditures to $100.
A new hatpin fastener consists of a small
bulb with v hole in one end, into which
the pin is pressed, and having a Clamping
iever widen grasps the ends of the pin,
thus holding it fast. To release the piri
the other end of the lever is pressed in
ward.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JANUARY 5, 1897.
FINE PROGRAMME
FOR FARMERS
Leading Agriculturists to
Appear at the In
stitute.
Tobacco Culture Will Receive
Much Attention and Have
an Exhibit.
E. S. Adami Will Show the Relation
Between the State University
and tne Farm.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,}
903 Broadway, Jan. 4. f
The State Farmers' Institute to open at
Livermore on the 18th inst. will be one of
the most important gatherings of its kind
ever held. Very complete arrangements
have been made by Hon. F. R. Fassett,
and a programme of great importance has
been prepared.
The various subjects will be treated by
men regarded as leaders in their par-
ticnlar locations on this coast. On the
first day E. S. Adams will open the insti
tute with a paper on the relation of the
university to the farmers. Mr. Adams
has long been a student of experimental
agriculture, and believes that the univer
sity should prove of far greater benefit to
the farmers than it does at present.
J. M. Doty will treat of olive culture in
all its branches, from a practical point of
view, and Professor N. E. Jaffa will
h andle ihe matter of cattle-feeding. A. P.
H ayne has b en intrusted with an article
on resistant vinea.
The evening session will open with a
brief resume of early farming in Califor
nia by the best-known ]>ioneer'in the east
ern portion of the county, the Hon. Val
entine Aiviso. Professor J. \V. Connellof
the Livermore High School is i renaring a
paper entitled "Agriculture in i ie Hivh
Schools." It is his purpose to show that
while yet at school those who are destined
to lead an agricultural life should lay the
foundation of an education needed on the
farm.
On the second day E. C. Hahn, who has
made several years' study of tobacco cul
ture in Alameda County, wiil speak of the
result of his work. Within the past six
months there have been many experi
ments maae with tobacco seed in this part
of the State, and the growing interest in
them is shown by the large number oi let
ters that have been received by the bod
ies making the experiments from land
owners anxious to follow the example. H.
P. Mohr of Pleasanton, the well-known
horseman, will attend to the subject of
horse- breeding and J. A. Filcher, secretary
and manager of the State Board of Trade,
will handle the subject of foriegn markets
for California products.
That energetic woman, Mrs. W. W.
Cunningham, who recently organized a
crusade against non-resident landlords of
Alameda County, who persistently ne
rlect their property, wili speak of her
favorite subject, "Huive Markets. " State
Highway Commissioner Marsden Manson
will treat of the value of good roads.
A discussion will lollow each address,
and a general question-box will be held at
the end of each session.
The Masonic Hall, where the institute
will be held, will contain a display of
farm, dairy and fruit products, and one of
the most interesting exhibits will be that
of tobacco plaiits made by Mr. Hahn.
TO BEAUTIFY BERKELEY.
D finite Plans Made for the
Planting of Shade
Trees.
Silver-Leaf Map c, American White
Elm, Acacia and Deciduous
Trees Recommended.
BERKELEY, Cal., Jan. 4— The uni
versity town seems destined to have its
"oroad streets and drives lined with beau
tiful shade trees of various orders before
another year has passed into history. The
recently organized floral society, which is
composed of a large number of the most
prominent citizens of Berkeley, as well aa
members of the university faculty, has
taken decided steps toward transforming
the college town practically into a pnrk.
At the monthly meeting of the society
which will be held to-morrow evening at
Stiles Hall, the committee which was
recently appointed by President Wilson
to consult property-owners as to the
planting of shade trees along the streets
will make its report.
The committee consists of Colonel
Charles R. Greenleaf, Principal Warring
Wilkinson, John Hinkle, Professor Wil
liam Carey Jones, J. B. Hume, W. T. Bar
rett and Anson S. Biake. In their report
they will suggest that the local property
owners be solicited at once to set out trees
While the season is ripe, and not wait until
spring for the passage of a law which will
compel them to do sc. for by putting the
matter off until later a whole year's
growth will be lost to the trees.
The committee, after having considered
the climate, the characteristics of the
various trees and their shade-giving quali
ties, has decided to recommend the plain -
ng of the silver-leaf maple, American
white elm, acacia of the evergreen variety,
and deciduous trees.
In their work thU3 far the committee
has met with but little opposition on the
part of the property-owners. Should much
objection arise the Fioral Society will re
sort to the enforcement ot the State law,
which provides that citizens of a town can
be forced to plant trees after the manner
described if an appeal is made from a suffi
cient number for such a move.
At the meeting to-morrow evening
Professor J. G. Lemmon will sneak on
"Some of the Noble Trees of California,"
and Mrs. Lemmon will read a paper on
"Native Plants Worthy of Cultivation."
He Extended the Tims.
BERKELEY, Cal., Jan. 4.— The public
schools of Berkeley reopened to-day. No
trouble arose over the matter of vaccina
tion, as Dr. Herbert Rowell, the health
officer, decided to grant two weeks' exten
sion of time in which pupils can comply
with the vaccination ordinance. Most of
the pupils, save those in the primary
grade, have been vaccinated, and no
great dilliculty is anticipated at the end of
the two weeks.
Week of Prayer
BERKELEY, Cal., Jan. 4.— The "week
of prayer" in Berkeley began last evening.
A union service was held at the First
Presbyterian Church, at which Rev. W.
F. Binney preached. To-night Rev. J.
Clarke Robbins preached on "Humilia
tion and Thanksgiving." The following
programme for the remainder of the week
will be carried out: Tuesday, Rev. S. M.
Richardson, "The Church Universal" ;
Wednesday, Rev. George B. Hatch,
"Nations and Their Rulers" ; Thursday,
"Missions. Home and Foreign," will be
discussed by the Women's Missionary So
ciety of Berkeley; Friday, Rev. Robert
Bentley, "Families and Schools. I .'
Gone at It Again.
BERKELEY, Cal.. Jan. 4.— Rev. Ed
ward B. Payne of the Unitarian Society
and Rev. J. Clarice Robbins of tbe North
B rkeley Congregational Church, after
allowing their controversy over the effect
the former's* farewell sermon dad on its
hearers to re<t for three or four days, have
taKen it up again, and are now fiplmng
hammer and tongs. Rev. Mr. Payne
wrote a long open letter to-night, admit
ting a portion ot Rev. Mr. Kobbins' points,
all of which have appeared in previous
issues of The Call.
Berkeley Brevitleg.
BERKELEY, Cal., Jan. 4.— The sprint: term
at the State University will open next Monday
morning:.
Dr. Bresse, founder of the Church of the
Jsaznrene, who is now in Los Angeles, will
arrive In Berkeley next Thursday to conduct
meeilngs, with the view to organizing a
branch in the university town.
Dr. W. D. P. Bliss will lecture on Thursday
evening at St. Mark's Episcopal Church, tak
ing for his subject "Christian Socialism."
The plan of the Good Government Club to
have a watchman hired by private subscrip
tion and placed under the Town Marshal has
met with considerable opposition. Those who
are to pay for the services of the waichman
appear to think that they should select and
Control him.
Dr. F. H. Payne, physician to the military
department of the StHle University, who hns
been confined to his home for several weeks
because of an accident— he was thrown from
a horse — walked out with his wife yesterday
for the first time since his illness.
Captain W. E. Call of the University of Cali
fornia oarsmen is planning for v series of re
gattas lo be held shonly after the opening of
the spring term. Once again an effort will be
made to rouse interest between the two uni
versities in the sport so that an intercollegiate
match can be held.
EPfECT OF PARADING.
It Inspired a Zanzibar Boy to Run
Away From His Blagter.
OAKLAND, Cal., Jan. 4.— Jurua, the
Zmzibarboy who" was brought to this
country three years ago by Dr. Jones of
this city, has run awny from his master
and declares that he will never come bark
The toy ws' a very obedient young fellow
until tlio celebrated McKinley parade in
Oakland. On that eventful night Juma
was permitted by Dr. Jones to walic in the
procession clothed with tiger skins and
carrying an enormous stuffed snake,
which the doctor had brought from Af
rica.
On this occasion the boy was so im
pressed with bis own importance that an
inconirollable desire to he independent
took possession of him, and he has since
been a very unsatisfactory servant. Dr.
Jones is not at all anxious for Juma to re
turn.
Democrats Heard From.
OAKLAND, Cal, Jan. 4.— The Demo
cratic City Central Committee have or
ganized for the campaign ana have de
c lied to put a full ticket in the field this
spring. The following officers were
selected: Charles McCleverty, chairman;
A. T. MacDonoueh, secretary, aud J.
Lehnhart. treasurer.
W. W. Foote, J. F. Kennedy and K. J.
Kelley have resigned their membership
nml are succeeded by M. J. Crooks, E. F.
Gilligan ami C. F. Brosnahan.
Tales of a Tramp.
OAKLAND, Cal.. Jan. 4.— Robert Bell,
a tramp who "vns brought to the Receiving
Hospital to-day from West lierseley, told
Steward Victory a strange tale of his ad
ventures. Bellisanoid soldier and was
employed by P. T. Barnum for many
years to catch wild animals. He is covered
with scars, and about each one he tells an
exciting story. He will bt taKen to the
infirmary wnen his broken shoulder is
healed.
I>r Sharp Arraigned.
OAKLAND, Cal., Jan. 4— Dr. V. J.
Sharp and Joiui A. Howard, who are
under arrest for being concerned in the
case of Anna Johnson, were arraigned
this afternoon, a complaint being sworn
10 by the girl's mother. The girl still
hangs oa to life, but her death is expected
hourly.
Runaway at Haywards.
HAYWARDS, Cal., Jan. 4— Mrs. Das
sell is suffering from three broken ribs,
her little girl has a cut lip and nose, her
little boy has a badly injured back and
another lauy is also hurt, and all these
calamities are due to a runaway to-night.
George Grindeli, who was with the party,
which is staying at Sulphur Springs, went
into a store and left, the horse, which U a
young one, without securing it. Some
thing frightened the animal and it ran off
and did not stop till it crashed into a gum
tree. All the occupants were thrown out
and the full extent of their injuries is not
yet known.
REY DEL TIERRA
WAS OVERLOOKED
Took the Last Race From
Kamsin and Others
at 20 to i.
Slaughter's Fumbling Ride on
Zamar II Allowed Caspar
to Win.
Libjrtine in Fine Fettle— Therese Won
Easily — Woodchopper Sawed a
Cord of Wood or So.
The result of the last race at Ingleside
yesterday, while it did not quite sweep
the favorite players out of existence, left
them in a badly crippled condition, and
they are still wondering where Rey del
Tierra, which turned up the winner at
odds of 20 to 1, became imbued with his
staying qualities. The very pleasant recital
was over one and a sixteenth miles, with
five starting, and Louis Ezell's aluminum
gelding Kamsin occupying the place of
honor in the betting, with evens chalked
against him. Strong support wan ac
corded Judge Denny at 11 to 5, and there
was a shadow of a few dollars going in on
Addie Buchanan. Opening at 12 to 1 Rey
del Tierra ascended tue scale until he
struck 20, and was then backed down to 8
and 10.
During the early stages of the running
Addie Buchanan and Judge Denny
showed prominently out in front, but as
the bend for home was reached both were
about done. Little Clawson now made
his move with Rey del Tierra, and, draw
ing away clear of the bunch, was not over
taken, and in a hard drive won by a
length. Jones on the favorite, which had
been poorly piloted throughout, got a
great move on in the stretch, and, al
though showing his accustomed game
'ness, was nosed out for the place by Peter
the Second, ridden by Sam Doggett. The
lines behind the bookmakers' stands were
not very lengthy after the race.
Of the other rive events run off the favor
ites had the good fortune to take three,
and the regulars, who were mustered out
in full force, were in clover. The track
was still a trifle deep, which augured
against fast time.
The win of Caspar and the defeat of the
13 to 20 choice, Zamar 11, in the third
event at five and a half furlongs, created
almost as much of a sensation as did the
victory of Rey del Tierra. Honig's
sprinter looked like a "ca3t-iron," and his
overthrow can be attributed to Slaughter's
bungling ride.
Bellicoso, carrying 120 pounds, was
looked upon as the contending horse, and
was held at 2tol in the books. With but
99 Douuds n the saddle, as good as 10 to 1
was laid against Caspar, Contrary to ex
pectations, Jones on the latter colt went
to the front, and heading Bellicoso with
the exception uf at the three-quarters,
stood a drive gamely and finished half a
length before the odds on choice with Na
glee Burk's sprinter lapped on the pair.
After a quarter bad been covered Slaugh
ter found himself pocketed and compelled
to go on the outside of the two leaders.
He then made a wide sweep into tue
stretch, and also furnished a pretty exhi
bition of numskullery.
A very poor assortment started in the
first event, a six-furlong selling run, and
the 2 to 1 lavorite disposed ot them like
splitting cordwood, winning very easily
from Abi P. Pleetwood, an outsider, was
third.
Ed Purser and his lriends strung their
checks all along the line on his mare Ap
plause, forcing her odds from even money
down to 3 to 5. She was cranky at the
post, and. as the barrier flew up, wheeled
and was several lengths behind the bunch
when Jones set after them. Although
making a fine run she had to be contented
with third position. Woodchopper was
always out in front and galloped in six
lengths in advance of brametta, a 15 to 1
outsider. Three to one was laid against
the winner.
Three Forks had the class over the as
semblage in the hurdle race, and star me
a 7 to 10 choice showed the way and
jumped in eight lengths ahead of Candor
"THE CALL" RACING GUIDE.
PACIFIC COAST JOCKEY CLUB. Ingleside Racetrack. Monday, January 4, 1897
Thirty-fourth day of the winter meeting. Weather fine. Track good.
qqt) i'IRSTKA
;; purse $350. -
Index. . Horse, age, weight. St. 1/4 y% a A Str. Fin. Jockey. lop.* "ci.
821 Therese,4 .94 3 ........ 3% 11 11 11 K. Isom ;.. ~2 11-5
304 Abl P. a .... 97 7 ........ .9 7 2% 23 Spencer.... 5 ■ 11-5
Kieetwood. 5. ..105Va 9 ........ 7%. 8 83 31/2 Burling.ime ...-. 16 20
282 l.y Gr«t(an, 4.104 . 4 ........ 8 4 3 ' 3V 3 4 3 Beixen .......; 3_ 11-3
312 Kroadßlllow,4. 96 6 4 6V? 4 1/2 6V a Maxey ......;..:: 10 60
321 Joe. X, 4... .....101 ,1 :....... lh i 3 1/2 6y, 6 6 H.Martin....... 8 20
! Bonnie Doubt, 494 5 .2h : lib 6V a 7 4 Thompson 10 V 6
•224 ; Fond Hope, 5.107 2 ........ 61 »• 9 7% 810 Th0rpe...... .'".: 13 3J
223 Jake Raver, 4.. 98V a 8 .....:■■ '5 Va :6¥t I 9 9 J0ne5.. ....;..... 5 «
Good ' start. on easily. Winner, A. B. fcipreckels' blk. f., ■by Imp. Idalium-Merceiies. Time
1:181/4- -•' ■ ■■:■■■' ,;■ /;. -;,  ;■ .- '--■,■- ■ ■ ■: =.;• ■;
........
I*
I*
4 . ■
1 h
. 2 h
61 ,
\5Va '
Ill:
7 ...
■ 8
4 3
6%
j ay*
2 1 i
■r. 9 •■-■'
5%'
11 .
IS*
83
3y a
4 Va
I 1 *
■ 1 1
2 3
3%
.43
5 Va
6 5
74
8 10
9
K. Ljom ;..
Spencer
Burling.ime ....
Bet-gen ..-.
Maxey.'.:.. .;...-;
H. Martin..:....
Thompson......
Th0rpe...;.....:
Ji no* ....:.....
Jockey.
Bluing.
Op. Cl.
2 • 11-5 '
5 11-5 :
16 20
3, 11-5 !
10 50 i
8 20
10 25
12 3D i
5 8 i
qqq SklOKl) RACE- Three-quarters of a mile; selliDg; purse $350.
Index.
Horse, age, weight.
St.
, 2
r>
'.>
1
3
6
7
.4
8
Vi
Fin.
Jockey.
ilettlni.
Op. Cl.
307 j
308
807 I
218 i
304
; WooJchopper, a.. 102
I Brameita, 4 ....... 94
IA 1 piatine, 6. ......101
Bombazette, 6 — 101
Carre A, 4.. ...... 94
WbUestone, a.... 102
Navy Blue, 5..... 89
Me Fa riant?, 5.... 99
1'0d1ga,a.....:.:..104 1
1 Vi
54
9
31
7 1
8 5
44
6 V 8
1 2.
64
74
»%
/ n
5 6
9 -
4%
8%
1 1
6 l/ 2
7 6
4 1
2 1
H 1
H 4
5 4
9
1 6
2%
3h
4 I.
6y a
I?
9
Thompson
slaughter."
Jones '...„.
H. i-artin..:...
Barringer. ;.:...
Gawson..;. ....
-pence r. .........
Reidy... '.;..;..-.
Sheperd .....
" 2 r
8
1
4
10
10
•JO
30
100
3
15
3-6
6
IS
100
60
50
200
i
314
316
316
!
Good s.ait for nil but Applause. Won easily. Winner, H. X Leigh's b. h., by Forester-Bonnie
Wood, 'lime, I:l7V*-
I
qq j THIKD RAC
of a mile; all ages; purse $500.
Index.) Horse, age, weight.
Str.
3'J7 , Caspar, 3 9
(;si!h) Zamar 11, 8 98
(2P0) ! He.lieoso, 6 120
293 (Blre Bell, 6 112
jl-iarofd Llnrtsay,Slo4
2
3
1
4
5
1 1
36
I*
4 1
2 2
34
1 1
■II;
6
1 1
3 4
2 4
4 1
6
;;i 1 /!! :
a*& <
3 la
41 •
5
|Jones
'Slaughter
Ooggett
nliaw . .
H. Martin
6 7
1-8 13-20
6-2 2
i 60 20U
1 100 300 j
Good s-ar:. Won driving. Winner, Burns & Waternouse's br. c., by imp. St. Andrew-Cuisine
Time, 1 :0"» V 4
335. JfOUBTH
Ind.
Horse, age, welght-
St.
Vi
Fin.
Jocke>-.
""i.
' (280) j Ihree Forks. 6...154 1 IJI % \
260 Candor, 6.'........ 144 5 3Vs !
:' «12 1 ...a oKiablo 5.:..136 -8 8
2CB ! Ip. Antonomy,6..lSS 2 2% |
1i64 litr. rteel, 4.......1i.'6 4 41-1
3^9 Brilliant, 6........ 133 "6 8%
, dalio Chief, »....! ; 8,7 1»
255 Artemu-s 5 .-..:. 163 7 S %
[13 j
8
22
4
71 :
6 ,:'..'.
11
22
44
31
8
65
7h
5 10 !
13
i 4
S4
5 10
41
1 3
2 3
33
110 Peters...... V
2 1% 0wen5..............
3JO WllKins. ...
•1 2 ; Campbe11. ..:...;..
5 10 " May iiard. ..........
6SO Merrlti.
7 Mass. .:
•'..'." Clancy .............
• 1 -
4
SO
30 %
10
30
50
4 .
7-10
4
60
60
10
Z|
40
10
Good s:ar:. Won easily. Winner, Farrar <fc Tubervll es b. c-, by apokaue- Trifle. Time 2 01V«
♦Fell at last junip. "■
OOU FliiH Kack— Seven-eighths
a mile; selling; purse $350.
I |
Jndex. Horse, age, weight. St. %4 j % 3 /i
(320> Libertine, 6 112 |3I 11 11 12
323 iCabrillo. 5 100| 1 2h 3h 3h
322 Petrarch, 4 97 6 6 4 2 4 4
317 rorsina, 4 104 3 4 1 2 % 2h
313 Walter J. 4 109 4 1 3h | 5 5
1 2
44
2 1
5
Str.
IS
2 11
8 4
45
5
Fin.
IMacklln .;:..'. !
'Jones .."..„..".■".. |
Thompson .;:.
Freeman:;......
Slaughter. ..;...
Jockey.
Betting.
Op. O.
1-5
I 4
20
3
8
9-10
5-2
150
4
30
(iood stnrt.
vVon easily. Winner, T. O. Brown & Co.'s b. h., by L,eonatua-Falane.
Time, 1
oq -7 SIXTH KACi.— One and a
Index.
Horse, age, weight.
St.
4
y%
S A
Fin.
■; Jockey. ".
Betting.
Op. , Cl.
327
3V17
267
(291)1
230 >
Key d*l Tierra, 8 I
Petr H, h JO '
Karasi:i. 4 II
I Juilsh Oonny, 4. . )
!Ad'ießuch'nan,sli
a
5
4
1
I
I 6
!4h
3Va i
iI. I
6 -,-•■■■
2^ I
|lh rf !
3V, 8b
41, 4 0
5: 5 ;
■i Va Ml h
lh -i 31.
11
4h
5
2 h
|ll iC'lawson ,
2ns Doggett
310 Jones
4 5 daughter
jS> Thorpe
10
8
1
11-5
•20
• iiooi start. Won
Winner, K. W. Parser's b. c, by Prince of Sorfolk-Haidee. Time. 1 A9»A-
Auction Salee
MILLSSERY, "MELTIES," MILLINERY.
THIS DAY. TUESDAY,
The sth day of January, 1897, at 2 P. M.,
At 1057 Market Street, Opposite Jones,
We will sell the magnificent stock of gools re-
moved from the Surorise Milliner Htore, consist-
in si of most Klegaiuly 1 rimmed Hats In the latest
fashions. Jets, .Feathers, Flowers, Velvets and Or-
naments of all kinds. This is undoubtedly a tcag-
nincent siock and all of the Latest styles.
I N 1)1 A N A \rrTION COMPANY.
at the wire. Malo Diablo, who ran more
kindly than is his wont, was a good third.
Liberal 'cratchin* on the part of owners
reduced ihe number of starters in the fifth
number op. the card, a furlong purse
affair, to five. Libertine, with 112 pound*
in thf saddle, was in fine fettle, aod going
to the post a 9 to 10 favorite, won hands
down from Cabrillo. Petrarch, the rank
outsider, finished third ahead of Torsina
and Walter J.
»
NOTES.
Two-year-old races will be a feature of
the next meeting at Oakland track.
Gena Leigh yesterday disposed of Pe
trarch and Woodchopper. Mike Killing
getting the pair for $600.
The judges were not pleased with
Slaughter's riding of Zamar 11, and in
quired into the matter somewhat. Owner
Dan Honig said that he told the jockey to
use his own judement in piloting the
sprinter. Slaughter said he had to tak^
his mount up on the back stretch to pre
vent him from jumping on Caspar and
Bellicoso, but is satisfied that had he gone
to the bat sooner he would have won. The
officials cautioned the lad that in future he
must endeavor to make a closer turn into
the stretch when it was possible. There is
a consolation, at least, in knowing how it
all happened.
Henry Grattan was said to have worked
six furlongs in 1:15 flat previous to yester
day's race. He must either be a before
breakfast horse or else Marty Bergen has
lost hi 3 grip. The race was won in 1:18>^.
Louis Ezell nacl a swell bet down ou
Kamsin and should have cashed. Eduie
Jones "scrambled the eggs" very badly
with the white-stockined gelding.
Considerable was expected of Mr. Reel
in the hurdle event, but he made a bad
stumble taking the first obstacle and was
never after in the hunt. Alaynard now
rides for Andy Blakeley.
It seems strange that the judges do not
give Martinus a cnance to ride. The very
best of the local riders over the timber, he
was set down for what the officials thought
a bad ride on Governor Budd, which race
was run December 2 last and won by Cap
tain Rees. Burmah, Moutalvo, J O C,
Hello and two others finished behind
Budd, and ii he ever ran a better race it
is not on record.
Torsino evidently has not recoverei
from her gruelling finish with Argentina
in the stake race last week. About one
race a fortnight suits the mare.
The following stakes will be decided at
the coming meeting at Oakland track:
Monday, January 11— Berkeley handi
cap, $1000, high weight handicap for all ages,
three-quarters of a mile. . ■
Wednesday, January 13 — The Nagle« stakes,
$1250, a selling stake .for all ages, seven
eightns of a mite. /-..-•:■:,. .
Saturday, January 16— San Pablo stakes,
$1000, a selling stake for three-year-olds, one
mile. .. . .
Wednesday, January 20— The California
maiden, stakes, $1000, for three-year-olds,
three-quarters of a mile. "
Saturday; January 23— Alameda handi
cap, $1000, fur all ages, one mile.
Following are to-day's entries: .
First race, tnree-quartera of a mile, selling:
322 Misa Buth. 99 ..... Fullerton Lass.. 99
28 ■> Perhaps 98 326 fcim.tar 101
293 Examiner ]04 304 Pecksurtt 104
330 Banjo 10l| 278 Meadow Lark.. lol .
Second race, seven-eighths ot" a mile, handicap,
thrne-yeftr-o.ds: • ; i * ■; y .. .•
37 Good Times.... 11 6 337 Key del Tierra.loo
827 K5tara... ...... 108! 299 Miss Baker .... 99
,324 N nchalance...lo3i 327 M. Clicquot..... 95
2t>B Persontie.. 101| •- ';
Third race, one mile, purse: : . :''!•?* .
830 Alvarado. .1..;.103 i 309 Schiller 99
320 Y an Kee Doodle. 991 .... *sri«ht Phoebus.lo4 ,
(207) Preston... 118 320 Lady Diamond. 99
A-l Kosebud. 99 3bo Georfrf-Ro.se 99
... Satsuma ...... I(<4 326 Miss Brummel. 94
326 Grady..... 99 1
fourth race, selling, itiree-qnarters of a mile: -
SO4 Last Chance. I 0 1; 298 J0an:;....;.. 1 ... 99
275 Fly. ......101 330 Ms* 8055.;.... 96
333 Braiuetta. 96 j 330 01ive.....'. 99
316 I'otentaia.......l«j7 209 Miss Cunnghm. 96
315 San Marco 101 1
Fifth race, seven-eigh;hs of a mile, selling:
513.)0an0.. ......... 108 320 Fav0ry..........102
K33 LucAy Dog 107 164 Veraeua 102
(293) Coda 99 Si'i 1 aylight ...... 99
3.53 Carrlß U.. '97 304 Una Que mo.. 99
331 Benamela 108 278 Two Cheers.... 99
330 Mobalasoa 94 200 Al ababad.:.... 99
3i>4 Irma ...... .97 215 I'onuna 9&
28 .* 0'F1eeta.. .;.... 104
sixth race, one and an eighth miles, purse: .
323 St. Lee.!. ....... 109 305 Ostler Joe 102
; 324 Arezz0....... 94! 305 Captive..... 102
(317)Argenllna 104 i 316 Alonita. 104
321> IteydlJUandids.lo;.'
BASCH -'iUGTIOI COMPIIf Inc.,
319-331 SCTfEK STKKET,
Bet. Grant Aye. and .Stockton St. Tele. Grant 87.
:__ fiRAND AICI O.VSALK!
A>JJOUXCEJIEN r r.XTIt VOKDJXARY.
IWILtSKLL THIS DAY, TUESDAY.
January 6, 1>597. at 11 o'clocK a. U . by order of
Mrs. btrausse, prior to her departure for Honolulu,
All the Weil-Kept and Most Costly Furnishings,
Itemoved toour Spacious salesroom for conveni-
ence of gale, comprising in part: 1 Hartman Up-
right i iauo, 1 Ksty OrgaD, Odd Parlor Piecei. 1
Handsome -Music Rack;l Hand-carvea Ebony
.Pedestal, cost $175, with Magnificent Onyx Piano
Lamp and Btaade: 1 French clock. 1 Massive Bed-
room set; Mirror-back Toilet Stand, superbly
carved: 3 Bedroom sets, ire and White Hair
Top Mattresses, Mission Woolen isiankett, Com-
forters. Pillows, •'tc.: 1 Bed 1 ounsje. Couches, Oalc
and Walnut chiffoniers: WarJrobe* witli mirror
fronts J Massive Hanrl-carved sideboard: '10-foo:,
lii ension Tabl": 7-pieca Leather Diuin-4 set;
Hay laa : China Dinner Set: Limoges Tea and Fisn.
Sets; iable Line-, Plciur.M, Branses and Bric-a-
Brae: Ivory Inlaid Bric-a-Brac Cabinet: 1 Prima-
vera Ha: Kack; Sunset Kan;e with wa:.er-baok
complete; Crockery, Gla-s. A?ate and Tin Ware;
aUo 1 Brunswick.-. Halke Billiard Table complete,
1 Cello and I .Mandolin; Body Brussels and Wil-
ton Carpets, nearly new.
. ■--... H. BASCH; Auctioneer.
SPECIAL SALE.
WED.NKSDAY, January 6 at 11 o'clock, at
GRAND ARCADE HoMK MABKET. 327 Sixth,
street San Francisco, of 16 head A No. 1 »or.;
horses used in milk wagons; ,'Z A No. 1 second-
hand 3-can milk wagons-. 3 A No. 1 milk wagons,
new, ordered and never used; 9 sets single and
double harness; 6 open and top buggies: milic
cans, coolers, etc. Sale positive. reserve. No
limit. . J. W. CRANE, Receiver.
BI'LUVAN*: I'liYI.K. r.iyasrock Aucioneers.
TO-DAY'S SELECTIONS.
First race— Scimitar, BaDJo, Peck-
s-iiff. ■/ ; .
Second race— Good Times, Miss Baker,
Estaca. :< >:
Third race- Schiller, I<ady Diamond,
Yankee Doodle. ' .
. Fourth ; race — Olive, Hiss Koss, San
Marco. i ,■..';
Fifth race — Lucky Don, Fortuna, Be-
naiuela. . : '
j Sixth race — Captive, Argentina, St.
Lop. . . :
KEW TO-DAY.
•♦•♦■♦•♦•♦•♦••♦•♦•♦•♦•♦•♦ a
I GREAT *
f % os& !!
I OF THE ACB 1
! A FAMILY 111 1
X Which is an external and Internal j \
I Z > remedy without an equal. Z
| NOT II NEW PREPARATION, BUT OHE f
| THAI HAS STOOD THE TfcST OF OVER I
j| A QUARTER OF A CENTURY. |
j] Thonsands of persons all j |
j| over the United States j ;
; ; gra tef ally praise Dr. Mar- ; j
i ; | tin's Pain Curer and are | ;
I never without it. «►
0 - • ■-'■ ___^_ • - S
1 » 9
♦ The Curer is free from all Injurious • >
J [ and. poisonous properties, and is en- ' '
( | tirely vegetable in its composition. It \ [
{ ' ' tones up and strengthens the system, < >
J I purifies the blood, expels bad matter ' '
| if from the organs of the body generally, J (
♦ promotes digestion, regulates the appe- ■ ►
J ■ tite and secures a healthy state of the ' J
? system and its various functions. Taken | >
j ' occasionally as a preventive of disease, ' >
J 'lit keeps the mind cheerful and happy J |
( | by promoting healthfal action of the \ \
* j skin, heart, lungs, stomach, pancreas, <►
; '•' bowels, lb-er, kidneys, bladder, spleen, J J
| (I spinal ccftmn, and the. whole nervous | |
i 1 ' • system. It is also especially always ' ►
T WOMAN'S FSLEND, and is unequaled •
FORTHEPREVEHIIONANDGURE I
| n of- n
I I Khenmatism, Neuralgia, Pains In ! j
£ General, Botrel Complaints, Dys- < >
¥ pepsia, Dysentery, Cholera Mor- O
a bus, Diphtheria, Sore Throat, ! J
£ Pneumonia, Diabetes, Nervous 41
V Complaints,. Disease *f the Stom- O
q ach and Bowels Generally, L.iver . .
£ Complaints, Kidney Complaints, < >
|| Sciatica, Lumbago, Colds, Coughs, tl
i ( | Local and General Debility, Head- i J
! 2 ache, Karache, Toothache, Sick- i •
' '' ness in Stomach. Backache, Burns, 4 '
: O Swellings, Boils, Sores, Ulcers, ||
, ** Colic, Cramps, Sprains, Er lises, 0
\\ Scalds, "Wounds, Cogtlvejiess, In- 9
f digestioa, Skin Diseases, Exces- q
, , ' sive Itchings and many other £
S complaints too numerous to name V
i O here. In a word, the great Pain Q
$ Curer of the Age is an unequaled ♦
<> family remedy. §
« - — S
$ Price: 25c, 50c, $1.00 per Bottle, ♦
CD.- -? •_; . O
j{| ■; L. CALUSCH, \YholOaale Agent for %
Stbe Pacific Ccast, San Jo^e, Cal. 2
! «x . For sale by all drugeists. The trade <■>
© supplied by Kedington & Co., Mack <>
J <> ' & Co. and Langley & Michaels. San e»
i H ':■'. ; Francisco. a
[iW'M'iii'jriiH
mRUIUC Vnil *^re Tcroat. m.ples, Copper-fes
tjltlAjt IUU colored Spots, Actcs. Old tioresjgg
UHUlccrs in Ilouth. Ealr-Valling! Write COOKS
RESiEI>Y CO., SO7 HasonSc TcmpleM
JHCbicacro, 111., (or proofs o£ cures. C'aiil-pil
Htul, S.>OO.«OO. Worst care r, cared in lofM
Wfto 8^ day.". 100-pago booh, free. {g|
V *V^SfCssi3*2«i'iH Bie K 9 a uon -poisonous
DKE^^ C-!(-t, Spermatorrhoea;
fMTii i to 5 <l»ja.>ja >V lutes, unnatural dis-
JBTIJ" Gn»r*nt«ed V charges, or any in!]aimn;i-
£a| c»i to strietare. . . tion, irritation or ulcera-
-2*3 Prevents contusion. tion of •inu c ou mem-
! KsITHEEvASSCHEVintLOo. braacs. Non-aetriDgen'.
i %M^CINCINNATI.O B I Sf3ia bj itrneciatCy
! : [,g a Hr or scat ' n plain wr'pp»r.
i 4»^Bl^Bw ' J^Q I>7 oxpreKS, prepaid, f.r
! t l .- 00 or 3 tonics, ri.ni
"»^«^i J Qg^*'%»' M Circular sent or - ioaer.
■■■ il BB >R A laxative refreshing N>
I U M £1 X fruU >ozcnee,
I Fininll very aerecnble to take.
CONSTIPATION.
'•':"■ ■ __ _ _ hemorrhoids, bile, ■
fl HI O I Sl N loss hemorrhoids, bile, and
loss of apjrttite, eastrlc and
3 Iti B I P la intestinal troubles and
B"«l ■* ■.■■■■ II , headache arising
.' -"" . from them.
Anil I AM K. (iui.Li.ox,
BiRILLOW 33 Kuodes Archives, Par!*
8^ FBwU.'U'B'B Sold by allDruggiats.
Weak Men and Women
SHOUt:;/ U&K 1) ATJIJAXA JBITTERS, THK
great ; Mexican Bemedy; gives Heal and
Btrengta to the scxtiai Organs. ■ ■
V^^Br. Gibbon's Dispensary,
' > ,^ t / KA ?* ? ' YST * -Established
§Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
tiJ :'l fMF** ST - -Established
in. !«•■• for the tmitmont of Private
IShdith&M I >!-,•:■. i.-s, Lost Manhood. Debility or
•■iisfu.s»-wi-sinngoiibodyandniindai'd
■"'V" I) ' SJ lsp , - Ihedoctorcuresu'lu-u
«^WM^2. tnt 'Iry him. Charges low. '
CfsffliiaetSsaa rnr<-s|>naianirrd. Callorwrite.
J 3v.J. r. UIBJBOJV. JUojk l»s7.Saai'raiSol
1112
MANWARING IS
STILL CHAIRMAN
Re-elected as Head of the
New Republican County
Committee.
J. M. Chretien Believes in New
Blood, but He Is in the
Minority.
"Unite the Party" Is the K^yno'e of
the First Meeting of the
Committee.
The retiring Republican County Com
mittee neld its final meeting and the new
County Committee held its first meeting
at Shieis hall Jast evening— the old band
ing over to the new committee $15, with
everything paid for.
Charles Manwaring, chairman of the
old committee, was re-elected chairman
of the new. F. J. Conn was elected sec
retary of the new committee.
J. M. Curetien opposed the re-election
of Manwaring, and nominated William
Cluff for the place. In a short and rather
sharp speech he insisted that new blood
should be injected into the management
or official head of thecomruittee. He ?aid
that Manwaring had led the party to de
feat twice, ana that that record should
warrant his retirement.
"During the last cam- aign the party
was split Into lactions. which ran it to i:s
death," he said. "What we want is new
blood. Had we been united during this
light (it was a Republican year) we would
have won every office from that of the
Mayor to the last School Director. W«
should have won them. Now it seems the
will of the majority, here to go ahead on
the old line*, legardless of this lesson. If
we do so I want to go on record as opposed
to it. If we meet with the same results
the majority should be left to bear the
blame."
There was a call for the question, but
before the chairman could state the result
a demand was made for the rolcall.
Jesse Marks took the occasion to say that
he thought they were going 100 fasti
"It's the same old douge," said Chre
tien. "They want to bar out the minority
altogether."
Marks went on to say, however, that be
was for Manwaring. He thought a de
feated chieftain was entitled to resp ct
a:id esteem, even if he bad lost the battle.
The committee should get behind him
once again and help him pull through.
Cuff at this juncture rose and with
drew his name. He said that he had
allowed the use of it on the condition that
it would bring harmony. There had been
something said about defeat; he did not
think the chairman was responsible for it.
It was the business ot the members of the
conmittee themselves to unite.
The roll was called, and Manwaring
scored 31 against 17 opposed to him
Chairman Manwaring thanked the com
mittee and then especially thanked Mr.
Cluff for what he had said. "We have
been defeated twice," he said, "but it was
not my fault. It was an unfortunate splii
in the parly, which I did my best to heal.
1 may say that I will do everything that
in me lies to bnns the two factions to
gether. If it is possible I think I will do
it."
Secretary Conn thanked the committee,
and then Mr. Chretien moved tbat a com
mittee on rules be appointed at once.
There was a little discussion over this,
and it was laid upon the taole, the prevail
ing opinion being that there was no hurry
about it.
Jesse Marks at this juncture suggested
that there should be a vice-cnairman and
named T. D. Riordan for the n'ace.
Chretien seconded this, saying that ii
Marks had not made the motion he him
self would have done so.
Mr. Kiordan was chosen as vice-chair
man without dissent.
Mr. Eiordan moved that a committee of
fifteen be appointed by the chairman, the
report to be made at the next meeting. F.
E. Wallace moved that the number be
eighteen, and the motion carried, in spite
of a protest from Jesse Murks, who
thought they were fjoiri<? too fast again.
that this committee should be ap
pointed at the chairman's leisure, and
very carefully chosen, as it was of the
first importance in the matter of healing
the difference in Ihe party.
Lincoln Savage introduced the following
resolution*:
Eesolvcd. First, that a committee of three on
reorganization be appointed by the chair for
the purpose 01 consulting with'dis-iffected Re
publicans with a view to the formation o! one
organization, representative of theßepublican
party in the City mid County of San Francisco.
Resolved, That this com in 1 1 tee report at the
next meeting of the County Committee.
In speaking to tho matter Mr. Savaee
said that there was 25 per cent of the Re
publican party not represented in this
committee at all. "On!y when united
and led by strong candidates can the
party hope to carry this County," he said.
••At present «c are split wide open. We
are all defeated— both sides are defeated.
It is now our business before there is any
fieht on at all, before we jjet into lise
newsDapers, before any faction has been
created, to get together and go into th?
next campaign a strong and united part-."
Chiit en took exception to this. He
said they should have thought o f that be
fore they elected their officers. "It is tine
policy, isn't it, to first elect a chairman
and then to :o tLis 25 per cent of the
party and tell them that you would like
to have them join you?" he said. He then
moved that me whole matter be leit to
thf: chairman.
Savage said he did not look at the mai
ler that way. He did not beiieve that the
chairman represented all the wisdom ol
the rarty. He tnoncht tliii committee
could do the work better than the chair
man could and s-honld be appointed.
Chretien's amendment was carried al
most unanimously and tl.e committee ad
journed to the call of the chair.
The mail-carriers in Northern Maino
have put on their skaies.
EOIEL AEBIVAL3.
NKW WbSTEKN HOT "L.
J F Firth. Buffalo F G Roth, Bridgeport
Jli Roth, Biijgepoit C Dunlnr, Los v nge es
Hat uu IninlKp, Los Ang Ber.ha Dunlup, Loi rt ng
F Bettiiilioutettw.LoiA < E Wes'i. t-acrutuento
J Tibbetis. Cal J Anderson, Cal
M Wui-kburu. Stockton F Lombard, Stockton
13 R st It hn. Chicago Mrs St John, Chica-o
J A Shaw <t w.p t i lU ron T P Cslmndu.i. Pt Huron
Fde Vare, Santa Mosa i. ilnmpiifii, S .nta Rosa
G B Warren ÜbS R 1.0 uters. Blk Diamond
H Honiicampt, Chicago C Brncnr, C.ti
C Fiuberg Cal R 11 Simonds. Brooklyn
Mis C >ampson, S Jose (' E Ko'.her, -mansville
F 0 itotlier, Loomls H B Holmun. Topeka
w p Abbott A fm. Kans J Peters, i o-.)mis
B L Brink, Jos» H H Walts, s»n Joip
H F Starin?, Los Ang I) A Lang, Los Ai^cles
<i W Wise, Los ah! C H Black, Santa Roia
M Mallov. Sair.u Rosa T Fay, Valiejo
DA Levy, Valif jo
BALDWIN HOTKI.
E A Ricbman, AlvaradoM B Crome. Portland
s E Wood, San Jo<e M E Harrw, Oakland
R Merchant, Seattle J > Kinemau, N V
J A Murion, Nashville A Hurlb it, Lincoln
Miss M Aiarks. Stockton M H stein dt w, Siockton
I F Marsl.hll. S.m Jose W B Collins, San .lose
F D t obb, Stockton J Com, eras, Shu Mitteo
J G Jury, Siiii Jose Mr« t orley A c. Menlo P
J Jones, sacto H Seaman. \ a lejo
F Johnson. Valiejo C Hawkins, Fiesno
I'ALACK HOTEL.
G If. Burllnparue, NY' J Gntman. N V
ti Bleck, N V F O iHtkweli, N V
A RobertH-in, NY O Ku-lbeck, N V
J Ivey, rfus raia H Seiden. Coo_n»
CWTaylrr. Kidding C Rerringcn. N V
R Kletting. Salt ! ake N P Chlpman, Red Bluff
H P Blackburn, Pa H - Hamilton. Nev
A Ma::uheiruer, NY t' E Birry, fctanlora
RUSS HOUSE.
H D FO7, NY A 1 ahl, Montreal
Mrs Ford, Oakland J Egan, Sacto
R Montgomery, sacto H L Moody. Trucke*
*■ \\ Caitwnghi Aw.FresP Wark. iresno
Miss Lnw:on, Fresno C \\ Hmchmson, L Anel
(■i A Phillips. Pt Arena JT Preen. Arbnckle
J Delace.-, Arbuckle C E Quag y, 1 os Angeles
-Mrs J v Biiddied, Picrvl A R Cross, Visalla
W <; Jor.es, Ala J W stone. Burllngame
H Jone?, ta^-to J T Brewer & w. sacto
T c Cox. Stockton J C Clayborn. Redding
J M ( artQe, Vallejo S Brown. Valiejo
J McClay, San Andreas L'l Smith. Term
J R stovell. Term G W Howell, Hanford
S Wood, Santa Rosa J M Wood. Sai to
V. Somers & w. Pt Costa C E Woodson. Portland
MrsJT Harrlng:on,Colus E Allen, Monterey
A a Mcßea, sania cruz P a Nea". Sis3ons
A B Jones, Mout V S:a»decker. N \'
W \V llHsklns, Nev City A Pailon, Nev City
C W Scnleiffer, Sacto J D Waosworth. St Rosa
W Craib, Isleton S Jones, Oslikosh
P lvancovirh, Haniord J. Gilbert, Hanford
LICK KOUSE.
J J Smith, Stockton Mrs Newton, Los Ang
X J Standart, Berkeley G Newman. El Paso
C H Jordan, Pasadena D Ciittin. Eureka
Tti Minot. Randsburir L L Corey. Fresno
W H Hatton, Modesto NX 1 eYoe, Modesto
C Raboteau <fc f, rs V A 1 Ligbtner. tnkersfld
I< N Carutneis, Sla Ros X S BWI. Na^a a%
C Bogan& w, San Kaf M J Mnllery, Mariposa
C 51 Cobb &f, patina < Miss N Whitehurst. Cal
J Markley. GeyserviUe Ssm Lask. Suma Cruz
JII Hampton" Jew, Pa *st J box. Red Lodge
G F. Ciiurc.i. Fresno J M Levee, Valejo
A T Jiilt-s, Portland Alex Conn. Cal
II I, Busunell. Ch cago G M Martin, w& s. Voita
Phi Gii so.i, Mont 1, M Fnulkf, Gazelle
W Fou ke, Gazelle W M. Grfiin. Merced
Or P 1' C. ark, Stockton 3 M Anderson. Stocktou
X A 1 cc. -Mariera J E Rygers, silver Gate
D Brown Jr. 1 e;nluma Ed S Bell. Napa
C Donohoe A w. Willows T Snowgrass <£ w, Cal
M D Rannisier, Cal
GRAND HOTEL.
H Casey, Sacramento C S emm Jr, Cat
E Lowiiz, Chicago J P .vialioy, Chicago
VII Rutnman.Pittsburg W X heed, Auhura
Mi-s Amlir On, Oakland Q X Taisburg, Napa
8 Pratt, Walnut Creek J M Strle-iins, Snta Rosa
E cotino ly, Cal GO Gray s, C'al
C 1 arrier, .Jercel G Wendeil. N V
T A Hart, San Jose M ss Holmes' Snta Paula
G M Adams, ist Louis G Wentworth&w, Portlil
A ]{ Hnrt, N V J M Dyer <fe w, Honduras
A Hurlhiic, Lincoln .1 C M"Ca'tby, i- Angeles
J A Mclntyre. .Sacto Miss X Irissmous, Cal
Frank Trf.ssmous, Cal John l'olianl, Ferotiale
A J I'iilshurv, I ulaie Miss X A Coley. N V
Miss Slary King, N V X H Ingiiaru. Encland
X W )■ astin, Modesto C de iirownell, I' s X
V A M Cully, U s X W W White. Stockton
X T 'lu«aitS(Sw,Sn Jose Mrs C H Hopplu, Yolo
W jV Furlong, Giliov S t McAnear, Sacramnto
Wn Hr wn, ?»n Jose B Borsch, Yolo
P Eiclielbroth, Stockton H L West. Stockton
ill \\ to ■& w. Angels J Hock, Sui.>u:i
G conuoily, -uisun Miss 21 Connolly, Snlsun
J A Fenger, fan Jose
COSMOPOLITAN HOTEL.
X 8 Butler, Oakland J Oust. Merged
J Martin. Merged J Murphy, Vallejo
s Prewitt <t «■, Los Ang E fouiier, Cak.xnd
J\V Hoffman, Merced J Sulefnade, Merced
T L Chi sue, Vancouver F Clir.siJe, Gualala. B C
C dough iS fm. Chico A Jaut-iclen, Nev City
T U'e.linsrion, Nev Ci'.y J W Howara, Oakland
P Ii Galla her, Lcs Ang P Courac. M.D.. Dublin
J MomefU), Hutte E E Butler, Ilutte
J T CaiiK-s, Livings" on S NicboltsA w, Fresno
A liecjamin, i.ou sville U Davis, N V
o liruithwalte. senttle T Browning, Port and
O Felix, BaiersnV d S Le Grauge, Eureka
L Cooper <fc fm, Ariz
SAN FRANCISCO •'CALL."
I?r SIN ESS OFFICE of the San Francisco Caix
-7]o Market street, open until 12 o'clock every
night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
£39 Hayes street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
713 Larkin street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
BW. corner Sixteenth and Mission streets, open
until 9 o'clock.
£518 Mission street, open nnttl 9 o'clock.
136 Ninth stri'ft. onr n nnrll 0:30 o'rlorlc.
>OXIC_ O*- ftl.fc..fc/J.JLN*iS.
■S^S> PAST MASTERS' ASSOCIATION ft
CS^fi' of California, F. and A. M.— of- _i?\_
hcers and member* are requested toruoet^Jr
at the Masonic Temp, eTH S DAY (Tues- f^r*
d»y), Janusry 6, 1897, at 12 o'clock m., to attend
the funeral services of our late brother. Past
Master ALB.-.RT FREDERICK KNORP. By
order of the President.
■ L. SCHUMACHER, Secretary.
H^p CALIFORNIA CHAPTER NO. 5, n
B-jf R. A. M.. will, meet THIS (TUKs- JV
DAY) EVENING, January 5, at 7:30^2?
o'coclc. Stated meetin; and ins.al.atiou of /v»
officers. By order of he H. P.
FRANKLIN J-I. DAY, Secretory.
|t^S= PACIFIC LODGE No. 136, F. m
ar-J? and A. M.. 121 Kddy st.— Stated £%
meeting THIS EVENING, 7:30 o'.l.ck. VT 2f
GEORGE PENLINGTON, -ecre ary. /^y>
IT^p* ORIENTAL L DGE NO. 144. F. O
'&-& and A. M.— stated meet THIS _Wk
(TUESDAY) EVENING at 7:30 o'clock, TSlf
A. S. HUBBARD, secretary. /V^
C-^s= GOLDEN GXTE LODGE. N»>. 30. a~
B*-^ F. anlA. M.— Stated meeting THIS ij*
(TUESDAY) EVENING, January 5, at^V
7:30 o'clock. GEO. J. HOB t. sec. /^r^
ttc^s ING SOLOMON'S LO UG E NO. #•
•f** 7 260, and A. M.— l'he offl ers and _jV_
members are requested to at'.eml the fune- J£'_f
ral of ur late orother, ALBER r IKED-Vv^
ERICK KNOKK, THIS DAY, at 11:30 A M.,
from the Masonic Temple. By order of the Master.
HAhltY BAEIiR. hecretary.
I*^3s= J- RANCO -A M R CA N 0»2_»%. '"
\±-& lodge N<>. 207, 1. O. O. X.— _^__l_i
Officers and members are requested to : =B5>«SsS?
meet at ih»ir hall IiLiCSUAY',
January. 7, at 8 P. M. for iustai:a:ion of the ofH-
cers for the ennuing term. All P. G. are especially
requested to be present.
A. LEON AURA DON, N. O.
R. Lavigxk Secretary.
dFthp UNITY LODGE s.k 13t. i. -- lj .| U
tt^? 0.0. F.,-ix eenthand Valencia^&&J3txL
Ms.— l nb ie installation of officers, lit- -lsJ^sßte-s?'
erary entertninm nt ami dance, w/uv*" ;
TUESDAY -KVj-.NING, January 5. 1897: mem-
bers and friends corlially invl.ed.
J. C. r. COKBETT, N. G.
Wm, Thackkray, P.ec. sec.
H_-« : » SAN FRANCISCO LODGE TZZZmT"
tfc^.No. 3, I. O. O. F.— The officers jggglggi.
and members of this lodge are Invited r^sß^^
tv attend the -.uneral of our late "wr^
brother, ALBERT F. KNORP. from the Mtsonic
Temple, at 11:30 a. _, Tills DAY (Tuesday),
January 5. K. LAFAIX, N. G.
Bt^=y- A SPECIAL SESSION. OF GOLD-f^ A*
W^S en Gate Enca npment No. 1, 1. O. O.V 8
F., will be held THIS TUESDAY. Janunry /\
5, at ll: v 0 o'clock a. v., in r.ucarapincnt/ \,
Hall, to attend the tuneral of Brother A. h.
KNORP. . H. C. GEOR(?E, scribe.
Jl_S= A. O. H., DIVISION' T^CS^* S Q^»
ff2S |f No. 2 — Ihe r.'gulnr /**"r\ \Uiffir*,
nionhly mte inir of this dl- *"I\!bA WJHrr t
vision '« ill be beld in Hib-rniu «^_la \ i^K.^. f*
Hall WEDNESDAY EVEN- ir*ssPW^ C ft)
ING, January. 6, at 7:::0 sharp. T *BC^-s.* >
andid. seeking admission will please be
Drunip: in .attendance. - Sojourning brothers are
cord ally invited. BART—V LEE, President.
John Kknny. Bee. Sec.
lE^g= ANNUAL At__TlNli — No'IICE IS
I*=-^ hereby given that the eighth annual meet-
ing of ihe stockholders of the s-an Francisco and
Oakland Mutual Loan Association will beheld at.
the office of tbe corporation. No. 518 Montgomery
s'.. corner Commercial, on WEDNESDAY, Janu-
ary t>, 1897, at h o clock p. M., for the purpose of
elec:ln* oir^cio.s for the ensuing year pre.senta-
tion of the eigtitu annual rei ort and thciransac-
tion of such other business asuiaycoma before the
meptn g.
Hooks are now open for subscription to 1000
shares of «tock of ibeNl.th series. Loans made
iv Sun i-rancisco and Alameda counties only. . In-
tereu 6 per cent per annum, free of mortgage
tuxes; premium, 20 p»r < ent gro*s. or 50 cents p-r
shure, ins ailments at pieuiure of borrower, which I
amounts to $12 50 p-i month for each SI OOO n'-t '
cash re. eiveel ' ly Hie borrower, tbi* sum parin;
both principal and interest.. Loans may be repaid
at any time desired. iy order of ihe Board of
Direciors. THOb. J. WELSH, President.
A. snAßß^Tin. Seer tary.
*-- 3 •-> 01-. o,»i,' >u-.tii.Nt,.OFTlll'; MEM-
'ijt-^s beis of the M.suop A rmltaee Church Or-
phanage will be held at the office of the societary,
6>O California street, room 38, ■on January 12,
1897, at 12 M, for the purpose o' revising or
am-nding; the b\-.aws or hald corporation, or
adopting new by-laws: also for the transaction of
Bucn o;iier business as may come before the meet-
in . L. W a DH AM. Secretary. •
IUViIJJENO >OTAt!_:s. ~~ T ~
ijtrgp DIVIDEND NOTICE— SAVINGS AND
i^-J^ Lr\m Society, 101 Montgomery St., cor. -ut-
ter. For the half j ear ending December SI. 1895,
adlvid-'iid has b«en declared at ■ the rate of ti>ur
»nd t«(.-ten:h* (4 2-10) per cent per annum on
(Tin deposits and three and one-half (3y 2 ) per
cent »ier annum on ordinary deposits, free of fast:*,
payable 011 aud after Saturday, January 2, 1897
Dividends not called for are added to and bear the
same rate of dividend as ihe principal from and
after Jauuary 1, 1897. -
-CYhUS-W. CARMANY. Cashier.
|JtsS= CFFII/E OF THE HIBERNIA sAY-
Sb-*" tn^s and Loan Society, comer Market, Mc-
Allister and Jone* sis., ban Francisco, Dec. 30.
1898— At ft regular meeting of the Board of Direc-
tors of this society, held this. day, a Qivlatudhas
been declared at the rate uf four (4) per ceut per
Minium o:i all deposits for the six months eniing
December 31. 189*!, fre» from air taxes, a:id pay-
. b.e on and after January 2, 1697.
Xt BERT J. TOBIN, Pecretary.
SET^=> H I M B> >LDT SAVINGS AND LOAN SO- !
S»- JiP clety, 18 Geary Bt — The directors have de-
clared the folio. i in -. semi-annual dividendA 4.20
per cent per annum on terra i.nd 3.60 per tent per
Hiitium on ordinary deposits, payable on aud after
January 2. 1897. : EItNEvT BRAND. is-t\
>P.tCiA.- NOXICKS.
tf^gp NOTICE~Ts^EItK^Y^aVEOr?rHXT
Sr*&. the Maria Kip Orphariago of 638 Folsom
>t.. .-an Francisco, < al.. has received il.e following
on nun half-orphan and abandouetl elrl.s from Oc-
tober 1* to December 31. 896: - Henrietta Ham-
m"r. aged 1 yerrand 8 months: Violet Heriinir,
Bged 1 v*ar und 8 months; Louise V. R. Howurd,
a;td 11 years; iijiz»lL. l-anghorne, agp>l 1 year
and 6 n o.iths: Imina Freni!»-i, aged 11 -years:
Olsa Freuger. ng d 9 years: Alfreda Freii ef, aetd
7 yrars: Lena < . CiaiKsen, aj.ed 8 years: Catherine
( oushiiu. aged 13 years; i mmv M. Anderson,
uged 4 years : : Florence , Cramtr aged ;■ 11 years ;
Dulce . F. : Murray, : a«ed 12 years: Je»»le Lyucii,
aged 8 yrars; Inacia Renteiia, aged ti years; Fiora
L. McDonald, aged 3 years. ' '
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JANUARY 5, 1897.
SPECIAI/ NOTICES-Continued.
|tr^S» BORROWERS ACCOMMODATED AT
IS^jS^ short notice; money to loai* on lots north
of the park, in the liichmond district : easy pay-
ments. Aptly to W.'Jr-GCNN, 410 Montgomery.'
|t3f» INDIA OPIUM CURE FOR $25: PER-
W-& fectly hnrmiess; ladies treated at home. B.
D. KIMMIS, 916 Market St., Columbian Building.
ttS3S» BAD TENANi> EJECTED FOR *4: *
•P- collections made, city or country. Pacifls
' I ollpct lon Co.. 415 Montcrr St.. . room tf. 'IV. 658 U .;
: fci'i. liA 'X -o>a \. Al>'l*.iJ— i-3lAi.i£.
A COMPETENT GERMAN IXFANTS NURSE
-rV desires situation; best references; city or
country. "MISS CULLEN; 323 Sntter st. ■- •".-' T
RESPECTABLK. STRONG, YOUNG SWISS
girl, ageii'2o, jmt arrived, speaKlng German
only, wishes situation to assist in housework or
second wonc or taking care of children ; wages not
nnder $12 to commence, Call or address K. X.,
4134 Nineteenth su, near Castro. -
MAN , AND WIFE , WOULD i^IKB SlTUA-
tions In hotel or rooming-house: man under-
stands repairing and all kinds of carpenter work:
woman to do chamberwork: references given if
requir d. Address S., box 75, Cal office.
J3ARISI \N LADY'S MAID AND DRESSftIAK-
. er wishes few more engagements; no objection
to the country. 703 Siockion st. '
A MERICAN LADY WOULD LIKE POSH lON
Iv. as companion and assistant: good reader,
writer and seamstress. Address Worth, box 79,
Call Office.
YV ANTED-BY AN INTELLIGENT AMERI-
' »» can woma> (mid le-»?efl) a position as work-
ins housekeeper: good cook and seamstress. Ad-
dress R. E. M., box 162. Call Office.
OMPi'.TENT WOM A Di-.sIRES HOUSK-
work by the day washing, cooking, cleaning or
plain sewins;. Addre 8< J. G., box 61. Call ofllce.
\ T OUNG GERMAN GIRL FOR GENERAL
X housework; no postal. Call 1023 Minna st,
bet. 11 and 12.
YV ANTED— BY A MIDDLE-AGED AMERI-
'» can woman, a situation for light housework
or working hous ke< per; wages $5 per month.
Addr^s one week-, MtoS A., box ti'.i, Call Office.
EsPiM.TArtLK GIKL, 16,. WISHES PLACK
to a-tslst in light housework in a family of 2.
1191/2 Junipers  bet. Tenth and. Eleventh.
"POSITION.- AS WORKING HOUSEKEEPER
X by a German lady who is first-class cook and
able to take care of children.' Please call at 2019
Polk st.
ERM \N GIRL WISHtS SITUATION FOR
VJT general housework or to wait at table. B^2
Larkin St., cor. Fell. '.'•"•'
STRONG WOMAN WOULD LIKE TO DO
wor< by the day at housework* or washing.
Apply 742 Howard st.
I ANTED— COMPETENT WOMAN, PO-
sition toasnls in light hou<eworK or lake full
charge of children. Call at 1018 Howard si., near
Sixth, second floor. .
pEFINED MIDDLK-AGKD NORTH GERM AN
XV .j'.dy, experienced housekeeper, who speaks
English and German, dt sues to take charge of a
gentleman's household; reierences given and re-
quirea. Address and state particulars A. \V., box
lv:f>, this office.' ■•'
~\r OU NO LADY, REC . . NTLY FROM CON-
X nectlcu, desires a position as a working house-
kp< per in wluower's or bache.or's home. Room 6
1007 Market st. •
y OUNG GERMAN LADY DESIRES PUSI-
X tlon as housekeeper. Aajress or call 112 Tay-
lor st., 100 m 14.
p OOD FRE.VCH COiiK WISHES A POSITION
vj in a family or sma.i boarding-house, or as
housekeeper to a widower. Address 10 Hanover
place, off Sacramento st. . '
\\Tanted— to do~laundry or house-
'» work by the day: thoroughly experienced in
both kinds of woik. ' t>sB Mission st.
OLORED WOMAN WOULD LIKE DAY
work of any kin.!, or a pl<tce of any kind; to
come home uights. Address 19^ Church aye.. bet.
Broadway ami Vallejo St., Stockton aud l'uwe.l.
mWO NEAT. SWEDISH GIRLS (SISTERb)
X wish wurk together: cot k an i second work:
good references. 513 McAllister Bt, uear Van
Niss aye.
TTIRSI • (.LASS DKESSM • KER • WISH-S
J? lew more-engagements. Addre. 1004 Market.
\V' ANTED-FOR A YOUNG GIRL, A PLACE
>» to do light housework aad sleep home.
Please call 35 Ch°.sley st., bet. Seventh aud
Eigh.h, Harrison and Bryant.
V OUNG GIIIL LATELY FROM GERMANY
X wishes a situation for general xiouaework.
Ca 1 at c 9 31inna &i., near Second
II'UATION WANTED BY A COMPETENT
O American woman to do general housework or
cooking; references if required. Address or call
825 Aiission st. ■
OMAN WISHES TO tiO WASHING BY
ihe day or take washing home. 1590Fitieenib.
Al'.vBLE WuMAX WISUE-. HuUS .WORK;
is good cook; washing aud ironing. 221 Miuna.
GIRL WISHES TO HELP WITH GENERAL
VJ hou-ework and oook I : lately from Ireland;
wages $12. Call at t>2oVa .Minna st.
ITUATION VVANT_D BV.MOI'HER AND
SITUATION WANTED BY MOTHER AND
daughter as cook aud waitress: hotel or privute
family; woul i accept situation a10..c. H. ti., 607
E ightn st., akland.
QWEiJI-H WISHES si UATION TO
O do upitairs uoik. Cali 28 Sheridan St., oS !
Nintn, bet. Folsom and Harrison.
iACE WA.NIi.IJ BY 2 .-ISi'r.RS: ONE AM
niirsa^irl, other at light housework. Call '.'ll Va
Nniih st. . SWSJBi ■
\\; OMAN WANTS WORK BY THE DAY,
'* warning an I housecleaning; $1. Address
MRS. A. W.,.b48 Ash aye.
KE FI . -OCiiilAA". GIRL WISHKS A
it p. ace for upstairs work or nurse to children.
Address >. V., 60 Manchester st. ■
\'Ul - G.RL WOUi-D LIKE A Po*l I'loN
X to do second work. Address 63 J .Valencia st.
Uiiai'liUl'AßU ttO.iiA.\.\VITU A C.iILD 6
ll years old would like a situation to do gßuerul
housework. Appry SO 5 uruttnwlcn St.
IjK Pr-CI'ABLE YO» NU Glßu WOULD i.iKf,
ll a place to second work or iigbt housework. I
Address 115 i wenty-seventli st. -.
V'OUNG OIHL WANTS SITUATION FOR
1 housework aud pant ooKiug: small family
wages $i 5; sleep borne. S. T., box 140, Call.
pESI'ECTABLE WOMAN WOULD LIKE A
Xti situation to do ilgbt housework nnd t»ke care
of children. Please call at 4 JB Clementina st.
ELu.-.rly WOMAN wishes ITU A'I'ION To
take chsirge children, care- for inmnt from
birth, assist, with housework; good cook; refer-
ences: w*ges'Slo. M.. box IU9, lall office.
L, IRSi-CLASS IKONhK BY THE DAY OR
F week. 100 J Washington st. :
ITUAJION ANTK.D BY YOUNG GIRI.TO
take rare of children and assist in housework.
Apply 10 Falmoutn St., off Folsom, bet. Fifth aud
si.xth: no cards. -.
C "OAIPf/rKNT AMERICAN COOK, MIDDLE-
autd aud a nice laundress, wishes work In n
iieat family; city or country; wages $12 io $15.
1024 Howard st , room 10. ■
GERMAN t.IRL WANTS .-ITUATION TO
VJT do general housework or cooking. Please call
1526 a stockioi.
ITUATIwN WaNTED— BY -WEDIsH G HI,
k to do li«ht upjtalrs work and sewing. Call at
1320 Stanyanst. ■
-\' OI'NG Gr.KMA .i i)Ii(L W«.UI.D LlKr. A
X position to as-Ut In light housework. No
postals: call at 18 3 I'owrll st
/ ■■ ERM AN LAD V W]SllJ'.S> A FEW .MORK
vJ engagements as lady's nnrse; It competent; 8
years experience. seconl st.
POSITION AS C'.JOKBY GERMAN WOMAN
X in private family: first-class French and Amer-
[ Icau cooking. 1519 California st.
r ANTED— A POSITION AS TRAVELI G I
companion to invalid or children going East I
In return for lirat-class . fare. ; Address E. C. 923
| AicALiner at. , v '
! MERICA > W'UMAa WANTS CHAMBEH-
I Jx. work or charge of linen in lodging-house; ref-
j erences. 1530 Ktldy si. , . '. -
\'OU.ng woman, with GIRL iy 3 years
X old, would Lke position as woricing houseicuep-
er in tm«>l family: either city orcouutry. Address
Mil-. 8.. box 89. Call Office.
(SCANDINAVIAN GIRL JUSI ARRIVED
O' from East nUhes situation us general house-
worker. Address E. A box 16. Can. • . ■',-.
\\> 1DOW", FINDING HER AFFAIRS BAH-
»» rassrd. wishes work for herself and son, he be-
ing business college graauate; references. • W., box
18. Call. .•■ - ; ■ -- -j ■- -■•-,,
y OUNG LADY WISHES POSITION TO DO
. X second work and sowing In private ■ family;
best references. . Addrts-t A. T.. Young Women's
Chrlstlau A tution, i2.fl O'i-an All st. -
ACL PUSHED WIDOW WANTS MAN-
.IV. at'iti; tiouseietpei's j;ositio i. 547 Mission St.,
room 23. , . . ' ,
L JR^T-CLASS COOK WISHES SITUATION.
r Apply HO3S Sixteen h si. -.:.;
7 1 •_> LAKKIN-BRANCH OFFICE OF THE
I IO CALL: subscrlntions an i want ndi taken.
VTi-AT, RKFINED -GI iL : OF~IB~ WISHES
J-i home withcomiortably situated couple with-
out chtldr.-n; has muslial reaucation. MISS
STEIN AY, General Delivery, Oakland,": CaL "-':.- •
SUBSCRIPTIONS AND WANT ADS FOR THE
'.a 1 1. 1 sifce n »t branch office, 339 Hayes su;
open unt i 9:3 1 o'clock. •• '.'■-? • ■ - .
EA»'IERN LaDY OF KEFINEME.nT.BUT
in reduced circumstances, would lUe position
is lousekeej.er in bachelor's or widower's home;
city or countrr.-.-r 1 Filth su, room 1. ; ■ ■ ; •
Ai>Y vx OULD LIKE TO ;DO PLAIN SEW-
Ing and mending at home. :- Call before 12 m.
or after 7p m. 131 Taylor s:., room 2. " —
T ADY WOULITHLIKE * A "SITUATION) AS
XJ housekeeper: city or countr?V - 117 Eddy. r. 1.
Y,oCnu-.\vo.u an would LiivE position
X a.t housekeeper; city or country. 1«4 Fifth s;.,
room ft. "■■.:•■-■"- :■■■..-■•:■.'■• ■■;:..•-■'■
VV JN«-n_sir.U hOt»h. 44.1H1RD 61.. NX.
" Market; : £00 rooms: 25c to f 1 50 per night
II 60 ios6 per woelt: convenient «nd respecutol*.
lief bnx and bascace to ami irom Hie lerrv.- v: '
■V tl Tt AXio.\i ■■;>» AN'r-kD-'aiAiiis.
/CHINESE & J A PA N ESli ; Vk ARsT
V.yhelp:tel.maln 1997. 11 ; BK A DLKY.tCO.. Clay.
NKSK AND JAPANESE EMPLOYMENT
\J office: best help. 414Va u'Fiirrfil. ; Tw. X 428. ■'.
JAPANESE INTELi.IOK.VCE AGENCY. kT r
v 73. Su Anu's bUg, 6 Edly st.; tcL-Malu 6^34.' • ,
.SITUATIONS ' WANTEIJ-Contlnuart. ,
HUNTER CO.. ChTn^ESB AND JAVA-
nese employment ofllce. 17 Webb st., below
Kearny. nr. Cal.; teL main 231. W.CYOUNO. mcr
\ OUXO ? MAN JUST . FINISHING COURSE
1 of. sh'Tthand ana typewriting wlshei osliion.
Address Stenographe', 1142 .^cAUisier st. . :
COTCHMAN. STRONG AND ACTIVE," AGE
41; can do plain cookin;: handy with tools:
wiiline to help in any way; small pay.'. T. B. R.,
Call Office. Oakland.
Ai.E .>Uil.>E, EXPERIENCED. SCOTCH,'
age 40. undersandini; massage, wants posi-
tion: wages s2s month. M. R. P., Cal, Oakland.
COOK, MALE, GO'iD plain COOK and
baker: middle-aged; wiilin? to assist in any
other, way at out house ai;d grounds; wages $15
month. F. R. M., Call. Oak and.
U r ANTED— WORK IN ReSTAURANT OR
lodgi ig-house; can wash make . beds, sweep,
wash dishes, aisist iv cooking, etc. Address A.
t., box 14, Lall.
ITUATION WANTKD —BY A YOUNG
Swede; ia good carnenter, and can barwlle
hones nnd do all kinds of work; reference;
'plense ad<lress BKKKSTj-RN', 280 N atom a st.
\\. aNied -by a young married
'» couple a place; man as coachman with A
ref'rences: woman as cook, No. 1: both poiite
and obliging: man is Frerch; woman Swedish;
wages »50. W. 8., bux 8. Ca!l.
HANDY MAN, AB..E AND WILuING,
wauts wont; any kiud. Address Handy,
box 58, Call. 1 ■ . .-,.--.-
SITUATION WANTED BY ELDERLY MAN
O as watchman or any kind of light work, ex-
cept saloon work. Address J. GILL. 204V2 Fif-
teenth st. '_ . '
i OY 15 YKARS OLD WOULD LIKK PLACE
'* ranch: understands horses and mill;in^-;
has been working on ranches; is willing to work
for small wcges. Ad'lress 3642 Seventeenth st. ■■
YOU.VO MAN WANTS SITUATION on pri-
X vate place or small farm; knows how io take
care of horses and is handy with tools; good home
more an object man high wases: best references.
Address a. 8.. bot 69, Ca'l Office .'•■■•■■
T?IRhT-CLASS BUTLER WISHES PLACK
.T in private fumily; the best ot references. .H.
s., box 3t*, Call Office. . . ' ■ . ■ .
ituation wanted by si.vijLc. gjc>rjia.»
greenhouse, flower and vegetable gardener;
references. Address Garden'T. 6:-6 Commercial.
\\T ANTED— WOKK BY A Y>V Sli MAN:
• ' German: used to hotel, res: ant, salcoa or
kitchen work; city or coun;ry. Piea.se address H.-
MILLEB, 631 Sacramento st.. room 98.
QITUATION WANTED BY EXPERIENCED
0 engineer to run maehlne-shop, sawmill, hoist-
ing engines. Address Engineer, Mouigomery
Hotel, Second st.
XPERT LAU.NDRYMaN WISHES TO HAVE
Xj employment; competent lo take charge of any
department. Address D.. box 1 43. Call uilice.
rt OOD COOK AND BAKER WANTS A SITUA-
VJT OOD in hotel or BAKER WANTS A call 217
tion in hotel or restaurant. Please call 217
Second *t. ■
TEADY, RELIABLK SCANDINAVIAN
O wants work of any kind: can drive and care
•pr horses. Address C, box 50, Call Ofli c.
BRANCH OFFICE OK.THKCALL. 167 NINTH
X) St. — Want ads and subscripions taken.
DlllAl'lOS WANTED BY A FIRST-CLASS
0 gardener with references. Address Gardener,
box Z 109, Call Office.
HINTKB— SITUATION WANTED BY COM-
PRINTER— SITUATION WANTED BY COM-
petent g-neral printer; city or country. Printer,
tox 108. this office. ■
TAPANESE BOY WANTS PLACE TO DO
t) cook , housework, private family. Address
S. NANAHAKA. 1600 Pacific aye.
k i MARKhT ST.— BRANCH OFFICE OF THE
tc Call: want ads and subscriptions taken.
APANESE SCHOOLBOY WANTS PLACE TO
work in family. Address NAKAGAWA, 758
Castro St., Oakland. .;
,r:k»7 MONTGOMERY, COKNER OF CLAY—
[ «J— t open unti 9:30 o'clock; branch office of
the Call: subscriptions and want ads. taken.
A7-OUI*G MAN WANTS POSITION To learn
X as a machine hand or helper. Address X. M.,
bi>x7s, Call. . ' ■ ■ •■
\\i ANTED— SITUATION AS FOREMAN ON
■' hydraulic mine: can make survey. A. V.,
box 43, Call Office. ... -
Wl.vCHiiaTii.xt iloUciE, 4* IHIRD. NEAR
Market— Elec lights In every room: 20J
rooms; 250 to $1 60 per nlzht: (1 50 to $6 pa:
neck: free bus and bareaee to and from the terry
I'KMALK llliLf WANTED.
T\TOMAN~WITH !A~CHILDr«IS! r "mISsTcUL-
Vf L-CN, 3;3 -uiter. . ■ .
R FINED GKKMAN NLRSE. CHILD 2^
years, $20. MISS CULLEN, 323 -utter.
pESMAS SUiISERY GOVERNESS, ?0:
*_T waitress,' *20, private boarding house, cham-
bermaid. $15. MIS-- CULLEN, 3.3 Sutter.
WAITRESS, HOTEL, 420 MISS CULLEN,
»T 323 Sutter.
p ERMAN COOK, $30. MISS CULLEN, 323
VJ :-nt er. \ .
1 AUN DRESS, ?2j. MDIS CULLEN, 823 SUT-
1j tor st. .
OUSEKEKPEK, $20: TEN HOUSEWORK-
pir s, city end country, $'{0 and $25;- 8 young
g rl<, ass si. $10t0$15. Ml->S CULLEN, 323 Sut-
ler st. '
pKOTEVTANT NURSE; ONE CHILD; $20;
X shortdistance; seeladyhere. MiSS CULLEN,
323 Sutter st. -'
"VTEAT GIRL, ASSIST; $15. MISS CULLEN,
i.i 323 sutter st. •
IRI. ASSI-T KITCHEN. $15, ALAMEDA:
T waitress, Oakland, $15. MISS CULLEN, 3-3
Sutter at. / •'
IRL, ELLIS PT., $25: GIRL, OCTA VI A ST..
$2.»:' girl, Ber-veley, $20: girl. Th neenth St.,
*20: pir;, Bush St., $20; house- eeper, $15 to $vO,
see party here; girl, i.aguna St. >20: girl, V«illejo
St., $J0: gir., • 'Farrell St., $.5: gin, stevensou st.,
15; gir,, Kddy st,#ls: girl, Twenty-ninth st.,
$16; girl, Redding, $15: (>ir , Golile . Gate aye.,
$15; girl, Sutter ->t.. $15; g.rl, Geary st , $s;' url,
Baker st., $ 5; girl, Scott «t., $16; ', t:oi;se-
keeiier. Si 2; girl. Gre n 8 , $i 6: gill, -lnih sr.,
$15: 17 young girl*, $8, $10 and $ -Jper.monh,
assist, etc., nice tamllies: 7 German, 11 Swedish, 3
Danish giris. MARTIN'S. 749 Market st.
AITRESS, $5 A WEEK, CAi-L EARLY;
waitr^s-i. country ho:ei,s2.> and room; 2 walt-
res=es, same house. $.'0 and room each: waitress.
BU)ah plac?, $3 50 a week: wait ess, country, $25:
c HmberniHid, $12; chsmbermald and wait some,
$20 am ro m: waltre^s. choice pace, $15 and
room; chambermaid, $15 and r< om: lunch .walt-
le s; rook, restaurant, $7 a week; 3 waitres.es,
city, $20 anu rom: cook, Jewish style, $35.
MARTIN'S, 749 Market St. ■■.-...'
LDDLE-AGKD WOMAN, CARE 1 CHILD.
MARTI 749 Market st.
SWEDISH GIRL, K'>USK\VORK: FAMILY
ot4: $20. MARTIN'S. 749 Market st. :. ~ -
HOUHEKEPER: $15: HE.-. PAIITY IN OF-
fice 9 to 10 a.m. . MARTIN'S, 749 Market.
1. RKNCH NURSKGIRL:-1 CHI i-D: $16: SEE
X lady In office Wednesday, 2 o'clock. HAR-
TIN's, 749 Market st. , :.
p EHMAN GIRL, HOUSEWORK: 3 IN FAM-
VX lly; - $20; see lady in otlic- Wedaesday at 2
o clock. MaR i iNS, 749 Market st. .
ERM-" N OR SCa AVIAN - COOK,
vjr country, fare - paid, $23: Swedish or Danish,
housewor., $20: dishwasher, - institution. $'20;
young housework girl, Rerkeley $.0: strong
young chambermaid, $15; nursecirl, country, $15.
C. R. HANSEN, 110 Geary st.
YOUNG HOUSEWORK GIRL, SMaTI
X American fiimlly; gi-od cook: ll^nt wash; $15.
1. R. HANj-EN & CO., 110 i.eary st. ■
Ur AN TED-FEMALE COOK, INSTITUTION,
'» $30; 4 1 rotest German. Fr-nch . ant
scai.dlnuvinn second girls, $20; Protestant couk,
no wash, $40; 4 coo • sin beimao' and American
families. $25 and $30; restaunint waitresi,, $-5:
: cook, , boarulug-houge, $25, and ; girls for house-
work . la city and • country. J. F. CKOsETT &
CO.. 31 b Sutler st.
VTURskRY GoVa.-NK->b>; -.Uo. Z x^ER-
XV: stand kindergarten «crk, $25, md others. J.
F. CROSI4T . ifc CO . 316 Su t»r st.
OOK. .-MERITA.- *.>i)iiiul, : v a., ...>-
-dro, $25; roof. A/nericun f.im.ly, city, $25 ;
Ge inai cook. $a 5, alsu nurse. $26, same - house;
nuise, must sp-a.i French and German, $^0: Ger-
man kirl, general housuwor-c, $25. German Kin-
ployment offiie, 30d Mason. ■
- WAITRE $2l», Cll'Y AND COUNTRY:
*-> Sgtrlsfor houseworK, $15 and $20; 3 cooks.
$20 and $25: 2 cooks for ranches. , MURRAY «t
R ADY, Leading Employment Agents, 634 and
636 Clay st. . . :
r ANTED -LO -X, COUNTRY, $30: 2
French >econd clrlr, .s.'o nnd $15; German
conk for iustitiitio:i, $30; laundress and chain
work, $^2 50: lauinlre s. $.5, German: 3 g r.s,
co.ik and housework, German style. $25: wnnre.-s
?nd parlor maid, $20: young gir s for housework,
$20 and $lb. I.EoN ANDRE. 315 Stockton. •
/ OMAN, WITH ; A ... CHILD, AS HOUSK-
keeper: miiidle-aged woman jor country, $12:
laundreis, boarding-house, $-5. R. T. WARD &
CO.. 610 Clay »t.
»i COuK>, : UIiAMBEiUIAID. $20; NUR-E
Si girl 16 v.ars 01, 5.0; 15 girls for housework,'
wagei $12 10 $25. MR*. HIR. , 721 r His st,
r\ ERM COi'K, $<!0: NU' SE AN;-> SECOND
VJ wor.i: girl for Visalta,, 525: Kirl' for Frtsuo,
ccok, hotel, 420: also a nunuer of girls for house-
work. $15 ana »9flL DAD Ml, 313 Butter s:.Vv>"s
"L IRST-OLASSf IIELP. FURNLsIiKD. Al\
X SCANDINAVIAN EMPLOYMENT OFFICE,
29 Ninth st. .- '. ' : -. .
\v aIiRE^S. CtiUNThY, $20. HOTEL GA-
T ZrtTTK, 420 Kearny si. ; '■ _.V;
, Pespe*. table Git. l to assist jn gen
x\i eral housework: wages $10. ■ 81X Bush st. '
OOD FINIsHKR .ON CUSTOM - MADE
pants. 6-3y a Post „--..- .: ' : - .
"MEAT, WILLING ; GIRL .TO Do ; HOUSK.
XI; worK: reference "required :'i«leep. home. ,: 102
Haiclit (upper flat): from 10 to 11.- ,-" v:'. " ';
XP..RIE..CED.' TAILOHEsS ON FINE
vf s. s 9 Mint aye , upstairs. ;: . ■;
rpHiißOCGHi^'. Rl? LI ABLE PRoTE-TANT
1 woman for worlcins housekeeper In aChiistian
family; good home nnd small wages rp yto
rt'ii 1.11 i bristlati Union,' 2 Torrens court, eff Clay.
\\! A.VI'hDAOUAB GIRL K)K GENERAL
! ,<TT . bonspwork at 19r 6 Howard st !".
VJE*.TGIR..'To.-ASSIsT>IN HOUSEWORK;
J-lVsmall fami y:.sB. ¥759 C«pp.st.>; ■.. -1.-".
GIRL, ••: as»ist 1 N HOU SEWORK •-': AND
care 1 1 baby. 2740 Hue St., cor.'Bioderick. ,
HELP WAyTED- Conttnn«rt.'._ ;
(pIRLSOF ALL NATIONALITIES TO FILL
VJT various positions from $.10 to $25. ;306 Mason.
ANTED-GIRL OR aIIDDLt-AGED WOM-
an so do general honsewbrK for family of 3
persons: no washlns; wages *li Apply at 3553
Twentieth sc, bet. Valemia and Mission, from 10
to 9 o'clock. V.-.. .■.-■•■ ; J?T :■ ' _^
IRL, 12 TO 15 VEABS, AftslST FOR ONE
month in a small family aud sleep home. Ap-
ply at 3735 Twenlioth st.
IRL FOR hOUSKWORK. APPLY 17a CO-
VJT lumbia square, beL Sixth, Seventh, lo.som
and Harrison st « ; • :"■.,: ' - . ■'■ " . ■•'" : .'■.: ".."
VOU.NG GIKL TO ASSIST IN HOUSEWORK.
l^Dpy 1213 v Hampshire • St., .' near Twenty-
fourth. : ■ ''.
V'OUNG GIKL.TO ASSIST IN GENERAL
i. housework. : 2215 Bush st. '
A TED— MEN. WO.Mr.N TO LEAKN BAR-
berfcrade; only 8 weeks require tools given;
catalogue ssut. S. F. Barber Scliool. 1615 Howard.
\\: OMAN 20 TO 24 FOR LIGHT H >U»E-
--,."•. work. lin family; wages * a Call 3:"*0 to 5
p. m.,710 Lombard s'.., cor. .Montgomery i'Ve.
WAXTIiD - APPitKN'IICK ON C >ATS:
good wages. Apply at once. bALIG BROS.,
108 Buttery st. . . . .' ...
UV. A — YOUNG GIRL FOR LIGHT
housework: sleep home. 1011 Buchanan st.
VTEaT GIRL GENERA . HOUSEWORK.
X> 1218 a tulion St.. near Scott. , .
p IRL FOR CHAMBERWORK; WAGES $10.
216V a Sixth st. ■
VOL'NCt GIRL FiR GENERAL HOUHK-
J- work; family of 2; references; 10 to 12. 1.29b
hills.
pOMPETKNT GKBMAN GIRL FOR GEN-
Weral housework: f.imiry of two- 917 Suttcr »t.
VOUKG NEAT GIRL TO DO GENERAL
i- housework; $8. 221^ Sieinerst. - '
'O^Nti GIRL AS Wa7l'Rj!.sß. 680 CEN-
tral aye., bet. Hayes and Grove.
U" ANTED— pupils FOR PitACTiCAi.MiL-
»» linerv school: course thorough class now
forming for spring wors; sailifactlon guaranteed.
22 V 2 Geary st-, removed from 410 _eavenwortn.
SPECIAL, SPECIAL^ SPJCCIAL— THE MC-
Dowell Dressrutting Academy reopens Mon-
day. January 1897; special inducements to all
beginners next week; two ; weeks' sewing lessons
free: do not fall to take advantage ot this brand
offer; : bis is the lime to lexrn something useful
and practical; the McDowell is the largest and
best dressmaking schoi-1 on the Coast; now is the
time toenter the McDowell Dresscuttiug Academy,
6.-6 Market, opposite Palace Hotel. ■ ,' ■
AWRENCE CUT lI. NO SCHOOL IS THE
only reliable place for patterns: every one
1 uaranteed to be perfecr. 1231 Market St. '
\* OST CONVENIENT AND RESPECTABLK:
I*l Winchester House, 44 Third st., near Market:
•-01) rooms: 25c to $1 5<J per night; $1 60 to $6
per week; free 'bus and bazgage to and from ferry.
L 1 LYNN'S .DRESS..MAKING AND CUTTINU
P Academy, 14 McAllister St.: $1 a week.
\ WEEK'S NEWS FOB 5 CENTS — T/iB
.ri. WEEKLY CAL_ In wraocer. for mallina.
-MAI.i: iiKI.L- \»A>*T_:i>.
B~ UTLERT^isjo" TO $7oT^MIsT
Sutler st. ■ , :
COOK, $36 AND ROOM: SECOND COOK, $30;
U wai'er, $6 a week; waiter. $21) and room;
cook, *65 to $75, coun ry; cook, $60 and room,
country; cook, sll a week and room. MARTIN '«£,
749 Market st - ' v
0 RANCHHANDS; BUTTKR AND CHEEsE
— maker; laundr man, country laundry, see
party here. MARTIN'S. 749 Market st.
OAS1 1 AGENT FOR AN KASTERN MAP
Company. MARTIN'S, 749 Market st.
7= MEN WANTED TO-DAY, FROM $15 TO
1 O $75 nonth. found: 15 farmers for orcharda,
ran hes, vineyards etc.. $15, $20, $30: farmerand
wife for a vineyard, $45 and found : 2 milkers, 420:
m«n to raise blackberries on ranch. MURRAY <fc
ItKADY, Leading Employment Agents, 634 and
636 Clay st j
7 COOKS, $26, $30, $40, $60: LUNCH COUN-
• ter cook, $35 and found: porter, cltv hotel, *20
and found; 3dlshwashers, *15 to s2o. MUKRAY &
RKADY, Leading Employment Agents, 634 and
t,36 Clay st. J
(1 ARDENER, FLOWERS AND VEGETA-
I bles: wood-carver, *3 50 day; 3 laborers,
city, choreboy; engineer, city, $2 50 day. MUR-
RAY «fe READY, Leading Employment Agents,
634 and U36 Clay- st. • 
L^RY Cvi X, tOL'.NI RY HO EL. SOUTH. $60:
— ? short-order cook, hotel, south, »60: short order
and oystercook, for a res aurant, country, $10;
cook ior lunch-counter, country, see party here.
C. R. UANSEN <fe CO., 110 (.car.- St.
L-IRST-CLASS B.^KKEhfEK, WITH CITY
r references. C. xi. HANSEN «fc CO.. 110 Geary.
AT YOUNG WAITER, FOR AN INSTITU-
— ' tion, country. $25, see party here: all-round
lunn iryman, country, $25 to $3 j: neat young
man, with pood city references, tend ci.'ar store,
$10 and found;: nea. jiorter, with references,
i:o:el, $16. C. R. HANSKN ife CO.. 110 Geary st.
AIL.ROAD LABORERS AND RUCKMEN. TO
IX go nor h: reduced fare. C. R. HANSEN &
CO.. 110 Geary st.
Ot LABOKERS, $2 A DAY: 26 TEAMSTERS,
-J«J *2 a day, country. C. R.H ANSE.V «fe CO.,
11D Geary st. .
\\! ANTaD —COOK. SMALL ■ ■ RE S T AURANT,
'• $35; cook, and wire as wattless, near ci.y,
$40, cook, small country place. $2i: boy for res-
taurant. $12: boy in hotel, $10: waiter, country,
*20; waiter, city, $i:5; etc. L. A.>DKK, 315
Stockton st. . ■ .
\\J A NTKD— MACHINIST AND RUN PUMP
»i for 11 mine, married m*n preferred, 71 50 per
month and bouse rent free; German farmer and
wif , $45 und found, good steady job: German
f.rnier and wite with pood-sized boy for farm neur
city. $60 and foui.d: Dlain gardener for Dice conn-
try p ace. $20 and found; iarm hand. $200 i»t
year: boy tor mnch in Alameaa Coumy, $10 per
month and found, can go to school: also milkers,
farmers, cooivs, waiters and di3u wash era: second
cook, y unif man, for n;co coffee saloon, $25: cook
forre,ort. $4U to 545, and other- W. _■. EWER
cfe Co., 626 Clay st. .. . .
a ted— 2 farmers AND WIVES, $35,
$45: young man to learn fiul:-ralslns; Amer-
ican driver form. lk wagon, t2i and lound: cooks,
waiters nnd o hers. - Apply to J. F. CROSETT
& CO., 6-8 Sacramento s . :
• i WAiTERS, COUNTRy HOTEL, $26. R. T.
_J WARD <fc CO., 6UB and 610 Clay st.
\\T TINSMITHS, PLUMBERS AND
»'» boys, to work iv our gas range roa iufacturlng
concern. Call 12lVa O'Farrell st.. after iv a. m
PERATORON* COATS; GOOn WAGES.: AP-
\J ply at once 118 Bnttery .st., SiLIG BROS. .
IR-T-CLASB OYSTERMAN WANTED. 15
r Sto:ktonsU • • .
AKBER— FIRST-CLASS PLACE; STATE
wages. 8., box 18. Call Office.
XkT ANTED — BOY TO Lf.ARN BARBKR'S
»l trade 1 year or one with exporience: small
wages; good home. 11ER.V1AN KoCH, Vallejo,
Cal. ■ . ■, . ■■■■-■;■■■..--•■
ROOMB TINTED OR PAPERED CHEAP;
stores grained or Lronzed: new designs. 1119 , 3
Harrison. |
hAlxtit-H.^ J-ii.oli-.CI I\ ■ LNiuN JbMPLOV
l> m«-nt i<ecr««iar», v.'ONRAD TROKLL. 657 Cla?
hAKBj-.ii- — *\>J\ t>Ix*LwYMKNT:CALL SKC.
P. C. Barbers' Assn. s. J-'CCHs. 325 t'rantave.
1 -OHAilt BAltßEti-SHOI', $30; A BARGAIN*"
I Apply Call Office.
W..-CHAI . 16-CEN V BAHBi- R-SHOP FOR
Sjile on account of dpath of proprietor: price
: $150; an old mill. Inquire 2259 Mission st. '
TTVO-CUAIR B RBEK-SHOP to . SA_E
-L cheap: cood location. ' 415 Hayes st.
BARBBK-SHUP: BAKGAIN; JrINELY FlT-
ted up; iow rent: in very center of business ou
Market st. Apply JOl Je.tsie st.
MONTH, B 1 Hi) AND ROOM I'UAR-
•IP O\J antepd: pnitner with $150: money used in
the business: noexpeler.ee r quired. 777 Market.
.1 Pi,OCU«;K. AND SELL YO'JK PATENTS
quickly.- Hall of Inventions, 215 Sansome st. - :
\\! ANTED — EXI'hIUKNCED BUSINESS-
'» like man to travel and f ppo nt agents: salary
$75 pe.- month and expenses and commission. Ad-
dress P. O. box 828, San Jos'. Ca 1 . .
\V ANTr.D— YOUNG M \. N *UK OFFICE
W : work: quick at fijures: write, sive age. expe-
rience, etc.; reterences required. Address A. 8.,
box 1. tall Otlice. ■ ' -,-,■.■..■-..
IF YUi AI.E AN ACTIVE MAN. WILLING
to work, and deposit $10, we can guarantee $25
weekly. v 215 .san.ome St., room 11. .
EN'S HALF-SOLING. 60c: LADIES'. 40c:
done, while you wait. 638 Market, opp. Palace
Hotel; branch 767 Market, opp. Will & Finck's,s.F.
EbJiUvj.» WANTS , iou i»l .iS 10 «._,i\ 801-
. tie b«er or wine 6c: ; Oes- free lunch. 043 CU?
\\r ANT ADS; AND SUBSCRIPTIONS jfoK
'» Th_ Call are taken at Branch uflice, south-
west corner Sixteenth nnd Mission sts, v ; ''-i
k)C I L> MISSION ST.-BR.sNCH Ob'FtC- OF
1O Thk Call; subscriptions ■ ana waut ads
taken. - :. -■ ' -'■'::: \- ■:; c ": ■•:
OSEDALK, 321 EI.LIS ST.-SIN FUR-
nished rooms, i'Oc 10 26c night, $1 to $1 50 wk.
VT 1 \\ \\ALuO HOUSE, 76 J MISSION; r!E 1' >
— 3d and 4th— Sinele furnished rooms, nlicht 10.:
io6Oc.week 60c to $2: reading-room; strictest at- .
lenlloii morning calls: clean: quiei; open all nlgnt.
OOMS 150 To 75c Pi--R N ltihi ; 60c To *1 st)
per. week. '.'-Oriental. 225 Drumm st. '-;< ■-, ■:..; ■*. *;'.
"L^OK FULL ■ AND -; UjiiAX ; 10c ...r.AL "= OK
J/ coffee and cakf-s 5c go to^lSVis Grant aye. •.- . r
TYLiSH f AND i DURABLE CALF Slliitv
our own make: $2 50. • 96» HowaicJ. nr. Slxi,n.
SINGLE FURNISH ROOMS; 15c A NIGHT
75c week. Llndell House, Sixth and Howard. l
' ANTi-.D— _A BORER.S f AiN D .MECHANIC*
to know that Ed RolKin, l;«no House proprie-
tor, still runs • Denver House, 217 ' ThirJ st. : 15i)
large room a; 26c per night; $1 in $•< • *>r week. : , . ';
•flilxl; ACMK iwto... 1...;; J ..u.K;.r.-i?;., 1 ..
X-low Bixtn. for room: l&r» nlgl'.t; »la *•*<.
E-T IN CITY— SINGLE ROOMS, 15. 20 AND
25 cents per nl?ht: 91.' $1 '■iS, $1 60 per week.
Pacific House. COmmerciitl and Leldesdorg sts. lii.
ECRUITS WANTEH FOR THK V UNITKiI
states Marine -: Corus. :; United :• tftat«»s Nayy
able-bodied unmarried men, between the nsesor 21
and 30 years, who are citizens of the United stales.
or ihose who have legally d-cl»red iheir intention 1
10 become citizens; mast be of good character aaJ
habits and able to speak,' read ; and' write KnzlUb.
and between s; ieet 6 incnei and 6 feet in height! ;
tor farther information apply '*v the r ltecraitinr
Office, 20 Jails st., S*u Fnliiclsco, CjO. atectalua;
/jy;f-,T» .TTAJfTED-ContlnnM,
fbURNEYMEN~BAR«ERS' EMPLOYMENT
J secretary .H. BERNARD. 102 seventh st.
T?L( HOHOU^E. 863Va MARKET ST.-P.OOMS
XJ 20c, 25c to 50c night: $1 to $1 weeic.
\\T INCHESTKR HOUSE. 44 THIRD ST., NR.
VV MarKet: 200 rooms, 25c a night:^reading-
room: tree bus aud baggage to aud from the ferry.
i rWk MEN TO TAKK LODGING_AT 10c. 150
100 and 20c a nlghu including coffee ana roiU
t<24 Washington St. . near Kearn^.
\l/ r AM'l-D-aN IDEA: WHO CAN THINK
VV tome simple thing to patenU ? Proteci^ y
Meas: thoy may brin« you wealth. "■ Write JOHN
WEDDERBURN & CO., Dept U r *^ a A "^
ueys. Wastrtngton. D. C, for their $13UJ pruw
cfter and list of 200 Inventions wwnteq.
WANTED.io COLLECT WAUJiS DUX LAJI!Ot4
VV ers&clerks. KNOX Collection Agcy. 110 sutca.-
WANTED-SINGLE ROOMS, 13c ;A DAY; $1
W week; rooms for 2, 25c a day. $1 50 a week..
reading-room: dally papers. 36 Clay st.
WANTED. YOUR bHOES -WE -REPAIR
'» shoes up to 9 o'clock every night: those wont-
ing through the day can have their snoes repairea
atnigtit while you wait: lames' soling, 35c; rueo 1
toling. 60c: fine shoes made to order trom *3 up:
we have a lot of shoes, been damaged by water, a:
less than one-fourth their value, from 25c up w
$L' 50. ft 62 Mission sc. bet. First s- and Second st
A ENTS \>ANTi£l>.
AGENTS To SELL PR iFESSOR DE ROO'S
rheumatic oil. 818 Geary, bet. 10 and 12 a.m.
TTi LIfER PUBLISHIN G COMPANY— AGENTS',
'XV iargo profits. 1505 Stelnerst. : • • ; - -.'
EED'S WATKR FILTER AGE»TS HAVE
something new. Come up. BRICK & CO.,
777 Market st.
'•nfUA 7 ' IS VV HAT THE PEOPLE WANT TO
\J know about: now is the time to sell oar
"Cuba" book: liberal terms: apply at once for
territory. F. PKRSON, Manager subscription De-
partment, The Whlttaker Ray Company.
A GENTS— A tOOK THAT OUTSELLS ANY
J\. publication - eince Grant's ' book is "General
Miles' Personal Recollections"; every one wants
the book written by the coinmander-ln-chlef of the
United States army: first agent's commission
$22 in 3 hours. K. PERSON, manager subscrip-
tion department. Tne Whitaker Jt Ray Company,
723 Market st. ■ ■ ■ ■
KOOMS WANIEB.
Tp^SGTruTfF^aTNTs^E^R^olliFO^H^U^El
JU keeping; place for stove; within 10 minutes'
walk Palace Hoiel; price $5 or *6. Address H.
H ■ box 142, Call Offlre.
FLATS WANTED.
TvrA^TE^^SITNNY^FLAT": 4 OR 5 ROOMS
W and bath. Address H.. hr.x 90. ' his otMce
FURNISHED HOUSES WANTED. ,
FURNISHED HOUSE OF 12
rooms and baths In Western Addition. Ad-
dress s. C, r.ox 142. Call Office.
PROPERTY. WANTED.
WA^^TED-C^Cp^T^R^^VmtK^FOß LOT
TV or house rent. R. TIMM. 627 Second st.
AVANTED-MISCELJLANEOUS.
BUILDINGS BOUGHT: LUMBER, SASHES,
doors, mantels, etc., for sale. > 1166 Mission as.
ECOND-HAND KODAKS. CAMERAS. LEN-
ses, magic lanterns and slides. 109 Montgmry.
ELL YOUK iJOoK^, CLOTHI-Nv* A.Vli'JbtV'
elry to A. KLEIN. 109 Sixth St.: send postal.
LOST.
BILL BOOK WITH BILLS BET^FULTdN
and Twentieth sis., on Van Ness, Market or
Valencia 7 Kxcelsior Dairy, 600 Fulton; return
same and receive reward.
OST— IN RUSS HOUSE OR ON STREET, A
J wallet containing deeds and valuable papers;
liberal reward to finder, F. W. MOULTNER, 219
Mason st. -. '" -
OST— GOLD BUCKLE, FOB AND DIAMOND
locket: miti.ls M. A. B.; valued as keepsaee.
Finder Can have gold buckle by returning to this
office. . I . ■ -.
f\ A-GLASS HOLDER, AT OR NEAR CO-
\J lum bin Theater Wednesday night; reward.
1235 O'Farrell st. ' ■■'.' :
T OST-BLOODSTONE RING. RETURN GEO.
XJ PAGE, room 11. 302 California si.: rewa'd $5.
OVr— BLACK CHATELAINE BAG ON SaC-
ramentost.; suitab.e reward. 2311 California.
L" OST— TALKING PARROT:~FLE\V~FROM
1215 Union St.; reward. -•
ENTS' WATCH FOB, GOLD BUCKLE,
quartz pendant; reward. . 612 Hyde st.
O->T ON .VhW Yr.Aß'o DAY A BLACK
ostrich boa while goinir to Golden Gate Park
via Haiuht st. Return to 919 Market st. ; and re-
ceive $2 50 reward. . ,
I OST— A PASSBOOK WITH THE HIKKKNIA
J Savings and Loan Society of san Francisco, in
the name of EDA E. DONALD (No 212,914.).; The
finder will llf ase return to bank. „ , . '.
OST— WHIIE BULLTERRIER: ANSWERS
to name of Billy; wears red leather collar. with
nailbead ornaments, lieturn to 2624 Broadway,
S. F. ; reward.
DENTISTS.
DR. 1, T. CKANZ— EXTRACTION PAINLESS;
crown woric, bridge worx and teeth without
plates a specialty. 336 Sutter, NE. cor. Stockton.
(Jl«7 FULL bbT Oi? 1 t.r.lti WOit'JH *id:
•J" ( . warranted 5 years: extraction free: filling!
&0c Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth st.
OSHTVh.I V PA I M ES* EXTRACT lON,
J DR. HARDING, 600 Sutter: tel. main 5376.
R. JES-«UP, Dt-NTIST, FORMERLY sut-
.ier *nd Montg'y, cmn be found 318 Kearny st.
HALbANT & CHALFANT, MOVED FROM
8 Mason to 119 Powell; bridgeworS aspecialty.
IOLiO.\ IIb.MAL ASSOCi.-t iIO.N, &0b _Ait-
J ketst. DR. CHARLES W. DECKER.
(41..7 A Stl'Tott Tr.Kl H— WA t.KA.N'I'ED AS
0 I good as can be made: filling $1 DR. SIMMS,
dentist. 930 Market st.. next Baldwin Theater.
PAINLE&S J-.XTi4ACIIO->, 60C; CROWN
1 bridge work a specialty: plates $5 up: 13. rear*
experience. R. L. WALSH, D.D.S.. 81584, Geary.
1 R. LUDLUM JIiLU 1443 M.ARKKT ST., NX.
XJ Eleventh; no charge for extracting when
plates are made: old plates made over like new;
teeth from $8 per set: extracting 60c; gas given.
l/'Ui.L SET OF TKKTH, 87; FILLING, 50c;
X crowns $3. Pacilic Dental Parlors. 18 Third.
ET ox- TEE 11 WlTnuUl' A. rL-i.i_ UK,
0 H. G. Young. 1841 Polk sr. -
] \rt. J. J.Ltitn., .iIAUKbI, I.UK. GOLDEN
XJ Gate ave.:open evenings: sundars ; till noon.
ROOME DENTAL ASaOUIATiON. 7a9 MAR-
J ket. bet. 3d and 4th; gas specialists; palnlejf
extracting, with gas, »1; plates. $5 np: fill. »1 up.
DJt. GJiORGK W. LEEK. THE GENUINK
Leek dentist, discoverer of painless extraction
end patentee of Improved bridge work or teeth,
without any plate, moved from 6 to 20 O" FarrelUs.
LL WORK ASON ABLE AND WAB-
ranted. PR .1 \V. KKY 113' i >^ark>-c»t.
"'-i!Oit &ALE— iiISCE_X,A>EOUS.
"JtToOM sI»!r?EREDr $ 2 sTunVA ! rIJT^WHIt"-
Xtenlug, timing, palntlne at lowest rate*. F.
EDWARDS, 1--00 Webster fit., tel. Steiner V! 36.
or SALE— FRKSH UURHaM c w. ap-
J ply grocerv-ntore. Eighteenth and Danvern.
LU»R SALc. — PKOTUGKAPtIER'S LENS
X cheap. Apply 359 ! arrison street. .
TWO-HOR.SKPOWKR GAS ENGINE; PRICE
Xs7s. Gnnstore, 820 Kearny st.
LOR SALK-FRESH FAMILY ' COW. RED
r Fiag, Mx-mile statiou san Bruuo road •' ,
II T FAOTOnY. WHOLF.SALE PRICEs-RAT-
JrV. an chairs, rockers, stands and odd pieces suit-
able for holiday presents. Save you half b/ call-
Ing at oace at Caliiornia Rattan Company, 61
First st. near Mission. ,
BARS, SCALES. MIKROR-, FRk"ncH
ranges, etc.. bought, sold. MKBK, 1118 Mission.
SECOND-HAM» S A FE; FiKKPt.OoF- Vj^RY
cht-ap. D. M. HA WLEY, 318 Market si.
L>RINJING PRESS. TYPE. ETU ; . FIN
X Christmas present. HILL. 22Va Geary, r. 39.
IVJ lONAL CASH KE.-M'KK, GOOD , OK-
XH der; also large folding-door safe. 8 Mission st.
C" JEE MILL. SCALES, LE'ITKR VRESa
\J stand desk, money tl.l, safe; cheap. 102 C!ay.
VI ARCH BLUE FLAME Ht^TiiltS ARK
M the best. VV. S. RAY MFG. Co., 12 California
I ARS, : SHOWCASED, COUNTERS, H E L V-
.»» Inc. etc.ioughtnndßOld. 1063 Mission. nr!7th.
OILEK.s.KjSGIjNES.-JD-HAAiJjdACHIN-KRY
IJ 'VKter-plijes. Mclntosh & Wolpman. Beale.
ONK SMALL Air.L.iUJl AND ' LA±ili K-SIV i-'
fire h:hl h»r g l« r p rnnf snfa U^.fu^^r. ,f
8K VVi>U JiACtUNEs; ~~~,
A LL KINDS BOUGHT. SOLD. EXCHANGED.
A rented .repaired: lowest rates. 205 FourVlfsu
HOTELS.
IjROOKLYN HOTKU Hi'iH^Jr"
i J board and room $1 to $2 per day ' |6 to $12
per weetc ; . choice rooms 50 cents to -suite
rooms for family 8i to SI 50 per night- first-cfast
service: free coaob. CHa!:LI-s MONTGOMERY?
STOUAOE. ~ . \
S^^___n^gP^llS_^
C .■..'.-'• BICYCL.KS: ,'- : ".; ; " 'y '
Gearv st .^ blsn ' Srade. DAVIS \ BRQS., 25
_j^_V ;: PHYSICIANS. ;
T) 1 C -y .'NKELL.I I2O6 MARKET, COR I
±J (,olden(.a lH ay. ; diseases of womtn h specialty. 1
PHOTOGKAPHEKS SCPPLIUs.
c
Q.Z) •".-.EM," TJIE-'LATKST'cAIIERA^Oirr ■
O. size 3Vix4i/ 4 . 124 Geary su • -' j
FFSrNES* CTTANCKS.
oTTG^OUERY^iTfoRES _ _
Z' • Prices from SlOO to 100
15 coffee-saloons........ Prices from $200 to 91003
12 branch bakeries.. Prices from 50 to $M) 0
5 coal and w00d.......... Prlce3 from $35 I to SBOO
25raloons ...;....-...... Prices frm ?350 IoSVSOO
6dniKstores .Prices from $1200 ioSHM)H
16 cigar stores .;..... Prices from $200 to $1 20(J
8 stationery stores .; ......Prices from $300 to Snsl)
H. C. DECKEH, 1020 Market st.. opp. Flftu. .
B> KTOi HOUSE WANTS It t. > PON S I B I. B
partj with $300 to $400 to control business oa
this t; .big opening. Apply 10 MIL KNOWL-
TON, Royal House. 126 Ellis St., 9 to 3.
OR BARGAINS IN BUSINESS "F ANY
■1 kind see UNOERWOOD <fe CO.. 765 Market «v
Ql I »>X YOU CAN I'URUHASK. $300 STOCK
kTv" , " and established business; teut paid to
fpb. 1; selling in order to attend other business:
city aid country agenn wanted. D., box 13. Call.
<ft ') 0 N l Ca OFFICE BDHiET Ksa AND FlX-
.«,y w. tures: mus- be sacrificed at once, as owu-
€T must <tive for the East; » ill clear $100 inonlh-
ly. 215 fransomej,.., room 11. '
$1 7^ K , KMI AUIIANT. ONE BLOCK FROM
«. I lel Market st.; good business; 3 living-
rooms, satiofac.ory reasona for selling. Box 114,
Sx n9,CaUom\:i 00dSeCUrity: Sod tuo j»eb
Sx 119, (^g SeCUrit >- : SOOd CUaDCe - J -'
■v EWLY FURNISHED KESTAURANT WITH
li sras ian?e and showroom for reut: S6 p«c
month to icsponsib;> partit-s. 124 O' arrell st.
w-, IK) , jTZeg a JNTLY KITTED up ROOM*
»JI)UUU: Ing bouse of 36 rooms- cen;rally lo-
cated. Call 45 Thi.d st.
OJiOnn SALOON. WITH Id BXJIT-
«iDt>UU. able for man and wife; low rent. 45
Third st. ____^
I, RENCH FAMILY J.IUUOR-sfoRE ; KSTAB-
r lished 1874. For partlcu.ars call telephone
Mint 1182.
riROL'ERV, BAR, STOCK AND KIXTURKs;
VT living-rooms; ch"ap rent. Ar ply this r>fflce.
pOKSKR SALOON: OLD - KSTABLI.-UED
\J business. Apply Chicago Brewery, 1420 Piue.
INDUSTRIOUS PARTNER: SMALL CaPI-
X tal; to help Improve good business 340 Fourth.
CIGARS AND -TATIONERY; RENT $10."
\J 2210V2 Mission St., near Eighteenth.
vOMETHING NEW— INVESTED IN
"^ wholesale business 111 realizj 200 per cent;
will bear lnve-tigatlon. E , box 7^, Call.
ANDY-STORE AND FACTORY; GOOD LO-
catlon; will bear investiga.ion. Address X.,
box 73. Call.
<SIR.Z.(\ COFFEE-SALOON: RECEIPTB *35
•iPDOU. daily. See A. M. SPECK * CO., 60a
Market st.
pHAKCK OF A LIFETIME: VvLY Fli-
\J ted up res:aurant: cost$1000; will sell to-day,
$250. Call 1241/2 O'Farrell st.
m» 1 c(\ SALOON; FINK FIXIURES: SNAP;
tIpXtJU. good business. 854 Howard: no agents.
TOCK AND FIXTURES OF GROCERY
store, s. w. corner Post and Hyde sts.
ALOON POR SAi-E— APPLY AT ANCHOR
brewery. 1431 Pacific st.
fll»7-: CHOP- HOUSE: GOOD LOCATION;
«S5 I»J . rent $20. D. McRAE, 827 Mission.
p KOCERI AND SALOON WITH 4 ROOMS;
vT rent cheap. Corner Sixth and Clara sts.
Q>OAi\n INVESTMENT: COCO FINCA «>F
♦4POUUU. 10,000 cocoa trees and 11,000 acres
of land in Barro Blanco plantation, Colombia,
South America, in 3 payments; net Income
$5000 annually after fourth year. Particulars at
111 Front St., San Francises.
St^MiWl TU $25,000 REQUIRED TO EN-
i®O\J\J\J large a successful packing business
In order to utilize a new product: large dividends
suarameed; no limit to demand; best references
furnished. BENHAM & THOMAS, 415 Ninth
St., Oaklnnd.
(flj I ai\l\ GROCERY AND LIQUOR STORE;
<3P iUI/U. 4 furnished rooms; junction 5 streets:
very best location: owner in bus ness 30 years;
Btire Increasing trade. H., box 60. Call.
W ANTED-SMALL ROOMING-HOUHE OF
■ » about 10 or 12 rooms, where could Keep 3or 4
boarders: in San Francisco or some country town;
must be cheap. R. R., box 100, Call. •
JOCKEY, .RIDING WINNER TUESDAY
tl next, will divide winnings with discreet busi-
nrss man: betting lively; chance of lifetime.
Po-,toffice box 2192.
TTENTION— CORNER CIGAR-STORi : IN
A wholesale district, near Market St.: must he
sold owing to departure; makeoffer. JoHNSiON.
26y Kearny st.
\j(\f\ CORNER GROCERY BISINEs>,
tjr)tJV/V7. stock and flx.ures; established 2j
years. PATTERSON it CO., 2 Valencia su
UTCHER-SHOP: ESTABI. ISHKD lIUSI-
-1} ness: for sale cheap. Apply New Electric
Market, Twenty- fourth s  near . astro.
"[TOR SALE — GOOD BLACKSMITH - SHOP;
JF central y located; small stock; for saie cheap.
Address B. H.. box 89. Call i.flice.
TJESTAUKANT F. ) SALE CHEAP: GOOD
XV business: owner coing away. 23 Third st.
/Grocery and bak: DOING goud BUjjI-
VT ness: price 200. 400 O'Farrell st.  , - •
DESTAIRAST FOR SALE. APPLY 2623
XV Twenty-fourth St. . •
AKERY AND NOTION STORE, WITH
furniture of 6 rooms; rooms rented and pay
store rent; wilt sell at a sacrifice. Inquire at Call
office. ■ •
OARDING-HOUSE, BAR AND HOTEL.
Si with clubrooms aaached: averages 60 board-
ers: big chance for a saloon and hotel man; Oak-
laud racetrack. Address J. E. LIN NELL, Emery-
ville. .
RANDSBURG DEVELOPMFN CO. WILL
sell 1/3 Interest in its property and business for
$5000 cash; n.oney wanted to extend the business
ofcomp'y: mining, real estate, commission. Osar
T. bhuck, 509 Kearny, E.F. Bean.Kandsburg, Cai.
OR SALE— ON ACt-OUNT OF SICKNESS;
r fine corner saloon and rooming hotel; centrally
located; doing good business: no reasonab c offer
rtfused. Capitol Hotel, Eievauth ana J lanklla
sts., Oaklana.
p KNTLEMAN PARTNER WANTED BY
VT young lady of means. Room 1. No. 1 Fifth st.
IF YOU WANT TO nKLL YOUR SALOON OR
grocery for spot cash address I.. box 120. Call.
VtWorAt-aKnotin. l.\ i.M't tvlo.it Cl I' Y.
1A tlose to Sau FrancUco. For particulars appt/
this office.
\\/ ANTED— PART EX WITH $40,000 iN A
"' grocery and liquor house established slnca
1863. Ad(lr«-ss .\. V . hnx S9. <"ali OrMcp.
LOUGIKG-UOHSES iOK SALK.
I OFFER FOR SALE THIS DAY -—
FOR CASH OR I-ASY PAYMENT- .
THE FOLLOWING BARGAINS
room house.. $700 22- room house... $500
room house.. 150 24 rooms, corner. 7.">0
55 rooms, cor... 3,000 14 rmson Sutter. 70J
11 rs., must sell 20 66 mis, best city .3,500
15 rooms, new.. 1,250 j 31-room house.. .1,400
27 rooms, new.. 3.000 110 romis, cornef.B,ooo
200 rooms, hotel. lo.ooo 11 rooms, 0n1y... 75
35 rooms, cent rl 2.60.); " 10 rooms, Jonesst SOO
—1 SELL AND EXCHANGE RKAL -.STATE—
— AND BUSINESS PLACES OF ALL KINDS—
H. C. DECK R, 1020 Market St.. opp. Fifth.
NY LADY WITH ABOUT «500 AND BUSl-
ness capablllU£^_£Bti purchase business clear-
ing about $60, arnfb/come independent. A. M.
SPECK «fc Co., 602 Market St.
LOR THE LARGEST LIST AND LOWEST
I prices In roomlns-houses see UNDEkWOOD
& CO., 765 MarKet st.
; I ODOING-H0U5.720 KOOMS 17^3 MARKET
J-< St.: gooti profits: rents.O bargain.
Qt V<lO LODGINu-HO. SE;;8 ROOM-: ALL
VTJ-W. sunny; rent $20. McRKA. Mission.
; EFORE BUYING OR BrLLING HOUSES OH
bnslnesse* see A. M. 1-LK.NS. 906 M«rket su
1-UKXITUKK XTOK UUt.
GHAS. M. VLUM vt C 0... UPHOLSTEiiY CU
1301 MARKET ST., COR. MN I'H.
■Carpets. Furniture and Upho'.siery Goods.
Jjjll CAKPcTa; CiIAMBr.H sr. ,rv j»i I
" \J \i stoves. $5 : parlor t ets. 820: loldmg-bsd 1.
FlO: barouttlt-s. T. I>. \RTHY. 764 UUaio 1.
T L. J. NEUMANN'S. 117 SIXiJi. Folt
lowest prices on household goods: new ur ecoi
r.s new; cas 1 or on time: open evenings.
|j">URNiI t RE, S'lUvj-.S. CARPETS, COUN-
X' ters, showcases. ANDKKBON, 1121 Market.
ij UcKjAHHAiM RNlTli Co.— I.DWKsf
I > pne-s: fnrnlture, carp* s: all vradet WtlMlil'a
i v tUi IX 1/ Lixl \t AN 1 _i>.
TF YOU WANT GOOD PRICKS FOR FURNt*
X tnre and merchanuise see BURP. 211 Larkln.
CAMI PAIiJ j-Oit E.xTlitE tiOLr>K-i Oii
smaller lota of furniture, orpets. vlc^ J.
CHER 222 Stockton: s »ad postal.
HIGHER i'Kli:.-. 1 HAis AN V WilKiliS PAH)
by iinian ■■ Auction C 0.1057 Market.opp.Jonei
CAK^EX* CJUEANINU.
CITY STEAM CARPET CLEANING WußE'i;
cleans, moves, lays carpets. O. H. STEVKNd,
Mcr. 38 and 40 Ighth at. ; telephone South 260.
V V E N Y.iU Bt.CoMK Dl-uUsJEU WlTrf
»' poor work send toSI'AULDING'S Pioneer Car-
pet-beatlng Works. 353-67 Tehamast.; tel. So. 4.1.
rpe rs clka ned LIKE NEW. 23 TENTH;
V^ tel. South 36. D. MACKINTOSH Js CO.
JK. JllilUiaU CAKI'fcT-i LKAM.V- CO.,
• 240 14th su : cleaning 3c a van!. Tel. Mis. ?*■
GAKPE1 T C LE A ING. 3c: LAYING, 3c: P.Utf
' samplo< free; tel. Jessie 944. Striilton, 19StUsu
pO.\KLl.\'a . CARPp.I'- U&ATING WOBKi
\J 333 Golden Gate >ye. Telephone Kasi IJ6.
•^C AVAKD A'l'OKKAf Wi.BTEKjN CAilft'f'
»' rleanlng Work.^ li Elgiith si. *■. -
ATTOKNEVS-AT-LAW.
ADVICE FREE-^CIVOKCH LAWS A SPECI-
a! ty;, private; -lio chargo unless tnccessful; ft.l
law suits, claims, collection?, wills, deeds, etc., a;-
-j tended to. G. v%. HOWE, atl'y-at-law. 850 Markau
DVICE FREE; NO CHARGE UNLESS SUC-
Jl. cesstuir J. O. JEFFRi- SS, G32 Market, rm.aX
RW. KING. CHRONICLE BLDG; CONSUL.
.: tiitlon free:; probate: all raies: fees low.
DV Jt,'!- 1 MtaK;'JSO ChAKUii UNLESS s>l/O
ceasiul. VV. VV. DAVIiJSOX, Sa7 Market «kHOCSES 1 TO r,ET.
HOUSE OF 5 OR 6 ROOMS; RENT $12. 32
Clementina st.
"1 f( , TAYLOH-.VEWLV FURNISHEu SUN-
-1 i f ' ny fro.it rooms; reasonable.
1 R'OOMST YARD AND BASEMENT; RENT
~i cheap. 321 Tenth st.
AY-WINDOW HOUSE, 6 ROOMS AND
bath: statile. 1909 O'Farrell St.
(»»>•_{ HOUSK OK « HUOMJi AND BATH
«^p_LO. \. ly 121 I'agest.
,' ROOMS; r.33w S*«.CONIJ (ST.: $15 PER
«J month. Key at 539 •■ econd st.
.7 KOOMsT; ~ BS7B SKCONO 6.T.; *17 PER
I mo:itu. Key at 539 Secoud st. . '. .
► BOOMS: N W HOUSE; MODERN IM-
«J provements; -13 Ffdera s-.; $15 per month to
desirable tenants. Key at 539 .- econd su
am 7. ROOMS AND BATH: NEWLY PA-
'•iplO. pered; cellar and yard. 2123 Mason sU
>. L'Si-.> Iv Ivr-Nl Jb'Olt VKKV Lil'lXK
rnon'.'y nt KALDWiA _. HAiIMOND'a. lJ
Montromery sf.
COTXAGKS 10 l>Jt;T.
' OTJNN Y 4 BOOMB, YAW), CKLL ArT^L
0 Second St., between Brannan and 'i'owneend.
jr booms, BATH, BASKMENT AND STABLti;
*J rent reasonable. 1.0 Flllmore s:. ■.'
C OZY COTTAGE :OF 6 ROOM^« AT 711
Laurel rye., near Buchanan st ; rent $11. Ap-
ply MADISON A BURKE.
. .;or COTTAGE OF 3 KOOMS; NICE
— .O I yard: bisiMnent: rent $11. -
I, INK COTTAGK 5 ~ ROOMS AND BATH;
I basement anl yard. 737 Treat nve. _
UTTAOK; 5 BOOMS AND BATH. 236 COL-
V^ lingwood st.
ffi_Q 16 '$12: NICE, CLEAN 4 AND 5 ROOM
<3rO fla.s; cottages at, .\ . M. SPECK & CO.'S, 602
M arkei si. __________»-_—_—_—_——_
• i JLAXs iU LKl'.
■\rEWSUNNY.t:pPERFLAT4ROOMS.»BI7S
i-i Twenty-fifth st.. ur. l'olsom. J. A.OLRICH, 41
croclcer building. |
' "iyio J V I. ION— IRA FINE NKW UPPER
1 "I— flat : rooms; oath; $35.
I LAT 4^TN".nY ROOMS; 1 N ORDER. 2!i<Vi
X O'Farrell; rent $10.
' 9<* 1" 1 ! -11l iJr — NICK SUNNY UPPER
_01"i-J flat; newly papered: yard: $15.
Iri Ol MIaSIoN, NEAU ELKVENTH— 6
1 i)lO',' large, sunny, papered rooms; bath;
laundry: water free
I>ARE CIiANCK FOR A GOOD TENANT:
it beaut.fiil 7-room u| per flat: reduced from *3S
to $25; In warm telt ct Mission. PaITEBSON
, & CO.. 2 Valencia st.
. -: Ur.ARY —4 UNFURNISHED ROOMS.
_1 O suitable for business Key 217 Geary St.
I ' : v')9 TURK— COTTAGE: -i KOOMs; ALSO 3
lv— rooms in rear; large stable: wagon shed.
m - PO.-.T— FLAT OF 9 ROOMS AND BATH;
•'i •' modern imiirovements.
Hh MAYBELLt., 20-' »ROVK ST.. CORNER
i. of Va:i Ness aye.— Sunny 3-room flat.
ANT SUNNY CORNKR TOP FLAT;
newly painted : 7 rooms; bath. 52 South P«rk.
fIjTTTT RENT— FLATOF 4 ROOMS: GOOD CEL-
iJIIU larand yur.l. 22 Chesley st.,oiY Harrison,
■ i et. Seventh and Eighth.
<J_ IP. BAY-WINDOW I.AT- 4 KOOMs. 14
Cit). Moss, off Howard, bet. s xth and Seventh.
Q1 f\ FLAT. 4 KOOMS.HALL, DOUBLE PAR-
O-*'-'" lor and yard. 160&^_ -tevenson s:., near
h-ighteenth.
• Qiln lower FLAT, 642 castro ST.,
«5 i«J. near Nineteenth, o rooms, porcelain bath;
$16, 1421 Guerrero st., near Army, 4 rooms, por-
iMain bath uud ba.«enient.
YKW FIRSI-CLASS 1 LAT 7 ROOMS AND
-Li bath. 930 Pine st.. neur Taylor.
9 NICE SLNNV FLATS; 3 AND 5 ROOMS
— and bath; very ieasonabie. 2 and 6 Zoe st.;
key iv grocery.
101 V 1 THIRTEENTH— SFNNY BAY-WIN-
-1 U L—-2 dow UDjier flat 5 rooms and bath; mod-
ern improvements: near Scott st.
C-l J NKW F AT 4 SL r NNY ROOMS. BATH.
«Ir -L'x. 26 Lloyd st.. off Scott, near Wa'ler.
'„ €♦) A. MA— FLAT, 3 ROOMS AND SUN-
• '±>> ny yard.
\ ,-.\v rL.VI.i No\V UhAKY; 31 0 8 R.OOMS;
-.» $15 and up. sl'j- CX & CO.. 602 Market st.
-ROOM FLAT; Fl-DEKAL PLACE, OFF FED-
tr eral st.: to h tenant without children; $10 per
month. Key at 63i> --econd st.
I^. 1' • LO ELY SUNNY FLAT; 4 LAKUE
•J)1O. rooms, bath, gas. mirror-top mantels;
cars pass the floor. 151"J < astro, nr. Tw»nty-fifth.
Gj 1 j LOVELY SI'.NSY FLAT- 6 ROOMa
Cl"i. bath and gas. 3928 Nineteenth st., bet.
Noeand sanrbe7-
*}O PROSPER h"l\, (>FI -I X n-.KNTIi. HALF
— O blorlc from Market— Lovely sunny upper
modern 5-roo:u flat; rent $15; water fr--e.
1 -HEAP -VOJ)KJB-V ..FLATS., b AND 6
\J rooms, $>•• to $16: see thi m. 523 a Seventh st.
rui- ro «KNT voh VKKY LITTLK
X money at lALUWI.v <C HAM-iONI/-, Iv
wontcon:prv "it.
<2fc I 9 LAT OF FIVE NNY ROOMS aND
«]? 1 _. h.^rni"iit. 706 Birch «vk. n . liucharmn.
ii.O__iiK.Klii > I>tr -iOO3I_.
Clay Street.
1 "')0 ' AY — HOUSKKEEPING: UNFUR-
j •J_,U nished; grou'd floor; 3 rooms and roomy
= closets: in private house.
Eddy Street.
9A' KDDY-FRONT ROOM, FOR HOCSE-
• )\Ju k-e;jiug; also single; iow rent; private
family.
Eighth Street.
"1 AQ EIGHTH— NICE SUNNY FLRNIBHED
I'' 1 ' rooms for light housekeeping.
fcllis Street.
QQA ELLIS-2 SMALL ROOMS FURNISHED
Myu for housekeeping: in rear: ch-ap.
1 uin Mi'uvi..
QI A FIFTH —SUNNY RONT BAY-WIN- J
• m"i dow room and kitchen, bath, no Children,
$12; also 2 sunny iront housekeeping looms, $ll!
buiueu bate .-vn-iiuo.
-I Q-1 C GOLDEN GATE AYE.-TWO NICE
Uli) housekeeping rooms and one single.
Haight Street.
91 HAIGHT— 2 ROOMS; FURNISHED COM-
-i_: piete for housekeeping; gas stove and bath:
$12.
MVim sireo..
1 1 9QA HOWARD -FRONT SLNNY BAY-
II-l • window suite for housekeeping; fo'dinz
be I, grate, closets, loune bath; $12 60 a month"-
only t-olier, quiet people need apply.-
-• I VnU 1 HOWAKD— ELEGANT FURNISHED
1 -UO3 bay-window suite; $15; bath, etc.; new-
flat. . ■ I
l\«-ai-nv Street.
9O|\ KE A RNY-2 OR 3 ROOMS FURNISHED
**'J\J for housekeeping, with gas or coal stove.
LtUfmlH - ruu .
" 49Q LARKIN ST.-BDWNY FURNISHED
J — •' roooM for housekeeping; terms very raa
■ Bonable.
>l.t ket Street.
IA9Q MARK LARGE SUNNY FRONT
■lyj—O room, $13: 2 connecting r.orns, $7.
j.iA;ijBier itioei.
(•I qi MoALLISTKB— ONE furnished OR
" ll '2 three unfurnished housekeeping rooms;
BUrma Street.
281 IIXXA ' <"R. rOURTH-FUBNISHED
double. S( ' plnß com P ic e : also single and
• I____|2§^^i^S__3____3
■ OVO rooms fnrnlshea for housekeeping.
• 546£0^t P i o^p^ y^> *oo*» itub
Wissicm Street.
01/--1 MI-Mi -"nTUT; large FRONT
•Z1 a room 8; chea jJL____sun ny back room"
827 MISSION— VEKY FINk IioTTsFK KK-p.
OZI ing room; $10. uuisEKELP-
• CDO furnished farho«ne_eeping. T - ° UM '
l,Xy mission— i rom rooms furmsh-
*JOL ed for faouiiekeeplng ««•«» U KiMtsH-
. U.i rstreoj. — —
91 NINTH —SL NNY SUITE OF RnnM<s
sintle'. 0 T Ugnt hOUSrf * PlaS - Ba,, •tov^°°^
147 or ywl.h use of kitchen if required.
■•■ • t.'A-rrt>it suoo.. ~ "
A 1 O'FARRKLL- MCE SUNNY HOUSF
1 1 0 keeping rooms; $4 rent. «OUSE.
i'oiut Lodoi Avenue.
«n <;a point lobos aye— 3 sunny fur
■—X_-U r.ished rooms: housekeeping; bath- *i>2*
no children. ■ ' ' ■
touth Park.
-Q9 south park-Tor" 2 sunny booms;
O£i nicely lurnished lor housekeeping. ,
bluckiou suoet.
17AQ STOCKTON, COR. FILBERT— 2 SUN-
-1 t \JO uy rooms, furnished complete: yard: $10.
.. • — t- r u-eii..
.709 SLTTi'.R. NR. J ( iN ES— NICELY' FUR-
I O— niUied housekeeping rooms: rent cheap.
'1 welf tli ' Street.
Mr TWKLFTH-tOR. W A RD-NICELY
i I ' * lurnished housekeeping rooms; s reut re-
duced. ■:■' .
, HOUSEKEEPK«G KOOMS — Continued.
Turk Street. -
991 TURK- 3 NICE SUNNY UNFURNISHED
_-,X rooms with ba.h: rent reasonable. ■
Twenty-fifth Street. .
Al r^9 TWENTY FIFTH. FEW DOORS EAST
tc i OZ of Castro-2 sunny unfurnished rooms,
suitable for light housekeeping; baih and laundry:
ladies only: r nt $6 a monih.
\-u >es* Aveune.
A O VAN NESS AYE.-NEWLY FURNISHED
lo housekeeping looms. •
MincellnneuUD.
TWO MODERN PARLORS; GAS: GRATE;
i bath- 2 closets: 8 windows; sunny rorner on
car line; priva c family; light housekeeping per-
mitted: furnished if desired. Address U.. box 10,
Call office. .
mWO hIWXY HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS;
X others from 83 up. _^__
HOO3IS TO LKi. .
J-«Uiy Street.
/'Q9 EDDY, NEAR POLK— NICELY FUR-
O«)_j. nished bay-window sun:iy room: also
small room ana board if requirt-d: in private
family. .
|,-,'J7 KDDY-SIXGLE FROVFkuOM's FOR
OO i rent: very cheap.
Eighth Street.
QHRRMAN APARTMKNT HOUSE, C 8 BTII
O st., near Market; furnished and unfurnished.
XSilii Street.
ROYAL HOUSE, 126 ELLIS - IVCANDF.S-
-■i-X cent lights in every room; reartlns-room. con-
taining daiiy papers: smoking-room and lle;i
parlor; opeu .all ntelit: rooms per night. Jsc to
?1 si»: week, *2 to $8: month. $8 to $1W: «re es-
capes: elevator on ollice floor; annex ot t>s rooms
now ready :hot and cold water in each room: batus.
'I 111. KAMONA. MO KLLIS. .MX". *'\7V
. J HART.mtnwr-A quiet house: rentr»lly .*■
cated: newly lurnished: elevator: not «t cola wa.or.
Ivhom Stree..
Q^7l FOLBOM. NEAITsIXTn-I'LEASANT
<'O I 2 well furnished front room: $6 month.
Jtuiton Streei.
1 1/1 FULTON — SING 1. SUNNY. FUR-
-110 nished room, $4; also double sunny room;
cheap.
Geary Street.
997 GEARY - ELEGANTLY FURNISHED
_j-j 1 rooms suite or single; flrst class dinlng-rm.
"IOQ GEARY. COX. TAYLOR-Si NNY COR-
rtOO ncr suie, with dining-room and kitchen.
QAI G AX V - NEWLY FU BNIS H X D
OUX rooms: central: reasonable; new corner flat.
aRTINKITI, 1101 GKAIiY. B*'; c\/K. VAN
Ness— suites and siuules; newly lurnlshed.
Golden Gate Avenue.
rc)(\ GOLDEN GATE AYE. — ELEGANTLY
OZU fnrnlsned room: suite or single; pleasant
home: references. _________—_——-
liuwitrd Mi-eo..
OQn HOWARD, CORN SIXTH-NICELY
OQ') furnished fiutes. $3.50 a week: single beds
$1 25 to SI 50: doubio beds, $1 50 to $2 50 a week.
lO^ 1 HOWAKD-LARGE ~" a UN N V BA Y-
lZOtt window roam with grate; also single;
cheap.
C)'J. I Q HOWARD— SUNNY FRONT
Z»J^rO room and kitchen: yard; eas; bath; «12;
Mission warm belu
Uaight Street.
rji\iT) HAIGHT, COR, SC TT-LA P.GE SUNNY
I t/— furnished room in private family: closet,
stationary washstapd. rath: $10.
Joneia >tr«t!t.
(lA7 Jomss-THK VAN winkle, new
Z\J I manasemen;; elecant sunny suites and
single: newly furnished: bath, etc.: $10 to 33a
Kearny Street.
'. ftUITOTOK HOV.SK, J27 KF.AR^Y -
. \ Pleasant sunny rooms, en snltciind ulngle; nrs;
Ili ss l» overv respect: term^ r*>»son-c!~
■\T>-W AVKNUE HOUSE, 904 KEARNY ST.,
JAi corner Jackson— Single rooms 15, 20, 25. 50
cents per nbtht: special ra:es per weeK or month.
j i.<cikm Street.
- 1 9 LARKIN— NICELY FURNISHED SUN-
-0 I ny front room; also back room.
L,eavenwori.li street.
I Qf\d LE A V XX WO RT H — NICELY FUR-
•jUD nished double: single sunny rooms; run-
nlng water; gas. hath.
Market Street.
I I 1 99 M A R X X T-.VICELY FURNISHED
I 1- I——1 ——- sunny suite: reasonable rent.
\ Ohlli: 'Jilil^h,' IU4J 55AKKKT — |'K»
1 nleht. Ksc tn fl : vvpf';. SI Ml to V 6: 'nmllle*.
31ason >treet.
A 1 Q MASON. OPPOSITE NATIVE SONS'
I ttlO Hall— Nicely furnished sunny rooms; rea-
j sonable.
McAllister Street.
j QAJT MCALLISTER, NEAR LaRKIN-NICE
I O\JO sunny rooms: private fnroilv : bath. .
I CIQU HOWARD, CORNKR SIXTH— NICELY
• /C«/ furnished suites (3 50 a week; single beds,
■?1 25 to $1 50; double btii-. $1 50 to $2 i.O a
; weeic. HK_H_
-linna Street.
nnr MINNA, COR. EIGHTH-NEWLY FUR-
UU I nished bav-wlndow rooms; $1 a week.
Mission Street.
HANCOCK HOUSE, 781 MISSION: SELECT
family rooming-house; $1 50 to f 6 per week.
Nuioma street..
79Q NATOMA — SUNNY FRONT ROOM
I £d'J suitable for 1 or 2 geutlemeu; $7. ___
i otk streei.
1 £9H POLK-LARGE SUNNY BOOM; SUIT-
IU^U able lor 1 or 2 gentlemen: gai and bata.
1 lost m reel.
'A] OST — RANDOLPH HOUBK, COR.
O\J 1 Mason: changed hands; thoroughly reno-
vated: 50 bav-wln ow pariors: smaller rooms;
$1 50 to $4 per week: $6 to $18 per month.
Sixth Street.
QQ SIXTH — QUIET. .SUNNY ELEGANT
00 rooms; *>11 conveniences; fireproof building.
1 9,r. SIXTH-CHEAPEST IN THK CITY;
IZ.O nicely jurnished sunny front rooms. ■
RUNSWICK HOU.-SE, 148 -IXTH-OPKN
a 1 nigh:, rooms: 25c to $1 per nlcht, $1 25 to
$5 per week. J. G. DRAKE, manager.
Mock -on »iree..
rpHE EUROrEAK, 17 STOCKTON ST.— FUR :
X nlshed rooms, en suite or single: hot, cold water
in every room: bhtht: ele valor; transient solicited.
Taylor Street.
1 AQ TAYLOR — DOUBLE ROOMS,
XUt7 %-i week; a'su large parior suite: cheap for
gents. ' ; '
Thineentli Street.
1 7Q THIRTEEXTH-2 NICELY FURNISH-
X I O e<l rooms for housekeeping: $8. .
Turk Street.
rin TURK— «INGLK FRONT ROOM: GAS
«Jt'> and bath; 6: private faraily.
BOABDIJiIi ANO KOOMS.
S^ TJKN Y "TOKS XMH KO EOoVs W>lt «KK-
tlemen. with board. 1401 an Ness, cor. Bush.
1 I»> KDDY - LOVELY BONNT PAKLORS
_. 1 -J and other rooms, with board;. $20 up.
OIAI CALIFORNTa-FIR-T-CLASS HOARD;
ZIUI excellent service; sunny furnished mis.;
terms reasonable. ;
WANTKD-2 OR 3 RESPKCTABLIi YOUNG
V> men to room and board iv private family:
terma reasonable. 819 Plna st. " , " '
"lmTegant "FURNISHED. ROOMS with or
Fj without board; all modern conveniences: loca-
tion finest 111 city. HE. cor. Sanchez and Twenty-
nrst, sts. . - . . . ■ - - '
£,11 GKAKY— EL MONTi-V COR. TAYLOR
OUI r:.: sunny rooms wi.h free use of bath;
references: terms reasonable: also taole Doard.
HOI*. I, BKKTLINO, 714 «U»H-A FAMILY,
hot»l: referft:i;«'.i: uUmfMi'Tti ronvenlences.
CMiLi)U-.V UOAKJUJtHI.
PT,ICASANT™HOMK FOR 2 LITTLK t^IRLS
X In refined famllv at 1727 McAllNtor st.
: _TOUK- 'ii> LET.
Too SIXTH-STORE: THREE KOOMS;
0-.Z large yard; rent $12; water free.
ARBER-SHOP. WITH BATHH: ESlAB-
lished 16 year*: $18 per month; key at 539
second st. ' _" _ .- '
a:penter-'hop; $7 per month. 5 Le Boom st.
key at 539 se otid nU . •-;
p limbing- $ti per month. 3 De Boom
key at 5c9 second st.
Corner sore, 531 second st.; $14 j>«r month:
I key at 639 Second st. •
5 OR 10 STALLS TO LKT. 231 ASH AYE.,
O bet. Van NesH aye. and Franklin su
TURK. 1624 HOWARD, COH. LAFAYETTE,
with fiacturfs; cheap renu t
AT LOW RKNT— Ok' STORE AND
ba»emmt. 824 Posy' st. .
01 i'ii;i;s To i.i:t.
1 M>» MA»ON — FIRST FLOOR; SUITABLE
\\J£. fordoctor or dres-maker.
SMAaOS, COR. MAKKr.T— NIO.LY FUR-
<J nished sunny offices fronting on Mur^eU
1 ARGE LIGHT ROOM, 30x30. FIRST FLOOR,
J-i suitable for doctor. IU2B .Marliat st. "- -
F.-.K 11OOM 1> FINKoFFICi-Tu LKT.WITH
uae 01 typewriter. 7 City Hal! aye. -
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JANUARY 5, 1897.
rFKSONAM.
4 NY ONE KNOWING THE WHEREAEOUTS
Aol, X ATI X SMITH, or - KATIK FANDER-
ANDA, can learn pornethiuc to her advantute by
ad.lresslng A. FANDERANDA, 21» Miunast.
VV ILL HUGO LILIENTHAL PLEASE LEAVE
. '» his ad.lress a the Call Oflice, Oakland?
j, RIGHT HEALTHY BOY. 3 YEARS OLD,
t - for adoption. S., box 33, this uftlce. -.-...
MRS. DR. NICK RKTUKNI.D; SULPHUR
and vapor baths. 17 Sixth st.
\ BOON TO MANKIND. '' ~
-a- Professor de Roo's Rheumatic Oil. Havine
suffered for over 20 years wih th:s dreadful dis-
ease and tried all possible niesns to alleviate the
pains, I at last have discovered a remedy which
relieve the same; price $1 a bottle: orJers from
the country piomptly exi-cut^d. Call or write
PROFEbSOR C. J. ROO, 818 Geary st.;.h*>urs,
BAm.to 12 m. and 2to4p. m. .'
DVICE FKEE; DIVORCE LAWHASPE-
ciaIty; private; no charge unless successful:
nil lawsuits, claims, collections, wills, deeds etc..
attended to. G. W. HOWE, attyat-1 850 .Market
mHE TALK OF THE TOWN-THE NEW
XCreamene's 35c.dluners. including wine- try
one: mu-lc during meal hours. 725 Market su
near 'lhird. ' . '
Ai 'IH-T PEOPLE* UMS UULLAKMEIJiUAi
Institute, all cases treated «nd medicines iur.
nished for $1: call or write. IU29V* Marital at.
beu tilxtli and Seventh. San Francisco. CaL
Sit A REWARD FOR INFORMATION CON-
«U) IU cernlnu- ARTHUR LAMBERT, who left
home December 19; age 16, height 5 feet 8 inch, s
d . ur complexion, brown hair, lef: eve artificial'
C. M. LAMBKKT, North Temescal, A"lameda Co.
LEADING AMATEUR DRAMATIC COM-
pany wishes a young lady to lake the leaaing
part In a dramatic periori_ance. « Address L. box
ft, Call (JihL-e.
STARTLING KEVKI.ATIOXS.
O The Incapucity of medicines to reach RHEU-
MATISM'a.id NEURALGIA in spile of the per-
sistency with which they are used by every one
bin h-lps to empiiHSize the fact that DX. SM ITU'S
ELEC'IRO-MEDICATED BATHS never fail to
reach the most stubborn cas«>.i of these dreud dis-
ease-. If you are suffering you. too, can be cured
COME AND UK HEALED. TryDR SMITH'S
CATARRH TNHALKNT: sure cure: 50c bottle.
Ad.iress 1533 Buchanan st.. s. f.
U AIR-DRESSING THAT is neat and AR-
XJ. tistlc and that sui:s the face, only 25c: sham
poo (with patent dryers) and plain hair dressln"
i>.c; Qutuonlu hair touic strengthens theliair-
price 35a G. LEDERER, 111 Stockton st., near".
est Geary. ■ "
rpHE ANIMATOSCOPT; THE. PERFECT
1 screen machine. For price of band or motor
machines c»H or address A nimatoscope Company
9.-:3 Market St., San Francisco, seventh floor. '
l) R. C. K. FARNI'M HAS MOVKD TO Till!
XJ Parrott building, over Emporium, 3d fl., r. iO3.
KALTHY BABY FOR ADOPTION. Mils"
DR. FUNKE, 1416 Eighth st., Alameda.
L)UPTURE AND PILES CURKD NO "pTY
J-t until cured: send for book. DRS. Man*
FIELD & PORTKRFIELD. 838 Market st.
Ui'l A M HUKLLS. BEITKR KNOW AS
WILLIAM SHIELDS, machinist, s.n of AN-
TnONY SHUELLS, Glasgow, Scotland, is re-
quested to communicit'e with the secretary of the
St. Anurew's >oclety, Scottish Hall, 111. Lirkin
St.. San Francisco. Any person having Informa-
ti>n as to the whereabouts of the person ret.-rr-il
to during the last live years kindly addriM< ns
tibOTe. ANDREW WILKIE, President: W. C
COOK. Secretary. . ■
STENOGRAPHIC SPEI-.D CLUB KOW BEING
organized at Heald's Business oilege, 24 Pos.
St.: the club wl.l meet two evenings each week
(Tueiday and Thursday): club tees $1 SOamonta.
PRIVATE DETECTIVE OKK DONK AT
X rea-oiable rates: 10 years' experience; best of
references given: all matters strictly contKlentlal;
addiess or call 223 Stevenson. A. D. WEBSTER.
AGNI^COPh. — NKW PROJKOTING MA-
chine; uses the klnetoscope lilma; price S'J5O.
BACIGALUPI. 946 Market st.
■LiREK FXHIBITION TO-DAY — RESTAU-
X raut, hotel men and private families cordially
invitei to call ai:d Inspect Prengel's new broiling
system; meat, broiled by this' process remains
tender and retains all juice. Ladles, no '-black
fingers or soot: resaurant parlors < onneried wt:h
exhibition: meals, American or European styie:
highest KOld medals. 124 O'Farrell sU
pAKTXN SCHOOL OF MAGAZINE
J and Newspaper Illustration— The Christmas
vacation extends from December 18 to January 4,
1397. Particulars at 424 Pine st. ■ ,
ij LK.NKIi -S3 COii.S U _tlvr-» V Hit «_Lii«-. Foil
X> corns, bunions, warts: 25c. 3a7 Mrmttron-.ery.
U ITa CLKANKD. . i"K _OStEU, $1: REPAIR-*
dyeing done. 131Montcomer7,r. tel. 2374.
\\ ALL PAPER, 4C A ROLL: PAPER HAKO-
" Ing. painting etc, by contract or day's work, at
ynnrown pnee. N.K. MERIGAN, 1802 Webster st.
C_ 1 A DOZEN-FINE CABINETo Ai WIL-
<IPX SON'S Gallery. 1028 Market. .
JOHEVI' PRICE PAID FOR 2D-H ND La-
dies' and gents' clothes. Mrs. HAIIN Sl6 31.
» -1G OUTDOOR STERKOPTICON -HOW KVE-
»> ry nighl cor. Market and Sixth sts.; artistic ad-
vertisements in living lii;ht: promoters of busi-
ness. Consult OWL A DV. CO.. 1 140 Market hi. .
LKCTrTJ LIC. H T?i KVKKY. ROOM;'
Winchester House. 44- Third st., nr. Market;
i.OO rooms. 25c to »1 &0 rer night; $1 50 to »6 per
week; free bus and baggage to arid from the ferry.
AVK YOUR FEAT IiER-UEDS AND-PlL-
lows tilled. Jicd.vJJK's. 870 Mission, cor. sth.
IVORCK A>iD AANULMKNI op MAR-
riage; terms of payment obllt;lnc: legal every-
where. Address lock box F, 9U6 Market St., S. F.
IBEKAL AUVA-NCKSON Dl AMONDs, J _\V-
J elry. etc.; lowest rates. 948 Market st. : ' .
1 AAA CARDS, $1 50. SHOW CARDS; KTC.
IUUU Tel. Black 141. HILL, 22% Geary.it.
AZOR KXCHANUK. BbO MARKET— BASK-
i-t ment: flue edq« put on razor for cents.
\47aTCHES,I)IAMON JKWKLKY OF ALL
'» kinds at reduced prices-, mus: move; LiuilUimj
to be torn down. 5 and 7 Third st. ■ .
LOAK-5, Jf'liJiS AN li Still's HKTaILKD A
V^ wholesale prices. Fnctory. 20 Kansome st. •-,
t WEEK'S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS — TUB
rV. WEEKLY CALL. In wraDDer. for mailing. ■ •
, v>iAivi.i; s.
SUIT-s MADE FROM S3 UP: SKIRTS. 75c:
capes. $1: ti puaranteed. 669V£ Stevenson st,
. CJLAIK VOX ANTS.
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, THE WORLD'S MOST
famous medium of modern times. Don't fail
to see her if you are Interested iv the affairs of life;
if n.arriuge, kness, deaths, changes, travels, di-
vorces, separations, lawsuiis, business transac-
tions, wills, deeds and mortgages, lost or stolen
property, lost or abscn: friends. Interest you: If
you care to know what you should do to be suc-
cessful, where you should go and whom to avoid,
when to buy and sell sioc^s, etc.: in a word, what-
ever may be your trouble, suspicions or iie-,irei,
call on this gifted woman and she will send you
away happier, wiser and bolder than ever b»fore.
Hours « a. M. to Bp. if., strict. N. B»— S* action
guaranteed by mall. Send stamp ior panuilil-t,
specinl terms. MRS DR. F. CLaRK, 1206 Mar-
ket St.. oarlors 25 and 26. Take elevator. • .
ME. DR. THOMAS, SCIKN 1 IFIC RKVKAL-
er by eggs. and cards: tells entire life, past,
present, future; consultations on ail affairs: noth-
ing excepted; names given; cood advice; snre'
help; restores lost loVt- by svnipaU'y: mistake im-
possible: fee $1 : letter $2. 929 Post st., nr Larkin.
AN FRANCISCAN-., IS Til ERE TRICKERY
■ ■ AND HUMBUG?.
PROF. WILLIAMS, the World's Me ium, chal-
len.es creation by iiis astonishing feats in clair-
voyance. Bring him your business, speculations,
sickness and love affairs. 124 sixtli st., Carroll bid.
ME. Ki:TJI HARKISON OF N.-.Y., MAG-
netic hea er: card-reader. R. 17, 109 a Powell.
\J M E. MOREAU, BEST CLAIRVOYANT,
It! and medium in city; fe«_2oc up. 764 Howard st.
G- YPSY Lli'E- READER MOVED TO 3
Seventh St., nr. Market; ladies 25c, gents 60c,
\\ ISSMKLVINA. CLAIRV'OYAN'I : PICTURE
IVI future hu<band'or*-ife, 60c. 766y 2 Howard.
ME. KAVi'oA READS LIFE 1-LUENTLY:
business advice: names Riven; 25c up. 5 Fourth
ME. UaNSj-.N.' PAITmJST, CARii-KEaDKR;
past, present and future; 25c. 148 6th St.. r. 6.
VI MX. LEGKTTE, CLAIRVOYANT ANDBUS.
IVI advice; 25c: one pri:-e. ,Sl l Tehanla, nr. 4th.
ME. HAN-EN THE BES 1 FU'IURE 6UC-
cess assured; 25c; one pricre. 41 Minna su • |
ME. -CH.MIDi, CLAIKVoYANT. TKLL-i
past, present and iuture; success to all; tor-
tunes by mall; low prices. 8.16 Mission st. . •;<
/-YPSY QUEEN HAS RKTIRNKD: MAO-
' 1 netlc healer and card-reader. R. 1 an I 2, 1
Fifth ...
\* M».. MABEL WOOD!*, CARD KKADER AND
I*l magnetic healer; charms llm. 8. 207 Pott st.
R-. B. BALMANN, B_t*T-KNOWN CLAlR-
voyant In the city. ./Residence 132, Turk st. .
ME. WALTERS OF TEHaMA; C \RD>: LA.
di»s, 250; gents, 60c. 951 Mission, nr. 6tb. -
L'ORTUNKSTOjIdIJY BO'iH MOTHER AND
X daughter; truths.. 1835 Hyde st. - : . v
MX. sVBiLbrJ i KLL> J- ito.U CRADLp. To
crave:riictnrei -1:-.cI!h< 25c: ' 14 '■ "'•'■■rrpll.
.- • U'llUi'UALiaAl.. .."' .. ;
MBS. C. CORNKLIUB, TEST AND BUSl-
ness medium: circle Monday and Wednesday.
1346 Market street. .
MX. OBMAN. TRANCE MEDIUM, INDE-'
peDdent card-reader. life read lugs, love aft\ in,
business, mlmni; speculatibns. 83S Mission st.
ytli; MCALLISTER-MRS.' i. J-_M.EYER;'
t)_iO test meetings every nleht. 10cT'ue.,Wed.&
Fn., 2 f.u. ; trance cir., Sar:eve 'Jsc; bus. sittings $1
Its] J. J. WHITNEY,. CLAIRVOYANT,
trance test medium, and : life reader.. 218
Stockton st. ...-..-.
rilE T CIRCLE T.>-MGUT 10 CENTS, BY
X Mmc Ynung; new halt. 418 MoAUlster. .
SLATK-WKI IING DKVKI.OPING SKANCE
O to-nlghtt 25c; sits dally. MKS.FUI.TON, 31 Fell
MKS. K.LLIS, MEDIUM; SITTINGS.9 TO B, $1;
circles Tuea,, Frl.. '_ P. m., 26c. : 233 Valencia.
M. FRANCIS," INDEPENDENT SLATE
. writer. 118 Jlaieht St.: hours 9 until 6 p v.
,■ 1»Y1-NOT1S31.-
TTYPNOTISM SCIKNTIFICALLY TAUGHT;
XX success grtd.HrpnotlcMesmi;riClns,6 O'Farre:! .
EDCCAXIONAI,: ,
HKALD'B BUSINESS "COLLEGE, <24 POST—
Bookkeeping, business practice, shorthand,
typing, telegraphy, . languages, English branches,
electrical engineering: 10 teachers; 15,000 gradu-
ates; day and evening sessions; catalogue. •.
YRJiS'. THK; LKADINU COLLEGE, 325
MonteomeTy St.; indivlduat '; Instruction la
Ehorthand, typln;:. bookkeeping, telegraphy, etc.:
lile gcliolarship $50: low rates per week and mo.
TIEHL'S SHORTHAND AND BU»INK-.S
»5 College, 723 Market st.; students trained; office
situations secured: lowest rates or creiii t for tuition.
ENGINEERING SCHOOL; . MECH., ELKU.
civil, mining, survey, assay, archlt., X ray
taogui,:es.lB64. A. VAN DERNAILL_N.7":-i Mkt
UOOKKEEFING THOROUGHLY IN t> WhKKi
X> or year's course free; only accountant teachin*.
TAKit, room 572, Purrott Emporium building.
KLASCO'n LYCEUM SCHOOL OF AOTINw—
I > Private theatricals arranged;' pupils rehearsal
nn ttage. K. 5 and 12. 1. O. o. F. block-. 7th and Mt;
"\7"OICE, DRAMA. ORATORY; PRIVATE
V and class. PROF. ROss, Donohoe building;
houra 12 .to 1 and 7toB. . : . y „
ENGLISH, LATIN, MATHEMATICS; ENG-
Ilsh literature a specialty. MISS ROULSTON,
724 O'Farrell 8:. ' - -■ ' ■
BANJO THOROUGHLY TAUGHT; 60c A .
lesson. 6-3 EJdy si : call b..-t. 7 and 9 v. m.
L, RKNTH LEARNED EASILY. T.\ UGH i BY
r a graduate from Paris. J., box 10, Call Otlice.
\\T ANTED— AITEALHER OFTHK GtiAHAM
'» system only. T., box 106, Call Office.
PROFESSOR L. 11ANKIN— VIOLIN. MANDO-
X lin, mandola: terms reasonable. 225 Geury St..
(^ L'l'lAK. .MAMiOLIN, rVANO AN L» VoCv-
VJT lessons. $3 mo. Mary Westhaus. 39 Fifth.
OOKKPNG. WiUTNG. ARITHM'iC. GRAMK,
X>d:iT night: noclatses; $5 month. H4sMission.
\TIGHTS«JHOpL:HEALD'.>»BUS.COi J LEGI!;;2I
1\ Post ;com mercial.shorthand. English -.low rates.
I>ROJ)'. I,OUIS MKRKI; VIOLIN. MANDoLIN,
. guitar, cornet: reasonab'.e. 225 Geary, nr. Powell.
rNUINU; PIANO; PARIS GRADUATE:
French. German lanzuages:s2 mo. 109Taylor.r7.
HOItSJiS. •
HOUSES FOR SA.LE; ALSO WAGONS,
"iVJ buggies, carts, harness: <*rand Arcade Horse
Market, .327 M.MhsU: auction sales every Wed-
nesday. SULLIVAN & DOVLB. Auc:loneers.
'I in. EMPuKiLM SALhS \ ARDS. „<! VA.
1 lencla su. Is the place to golr you want to buy.
sell or exchange horses, bugsles, wagons or liar-
ms3: auction sales every Saturday at 11 o'clock.
.i|i| BU''MiW AND bKCON U-H AN v 11AU-
O\J\J cess: all kinds: buggy.wa^on, carts, surra/
d;rockaway; 40 cheap horses. 15th an.l ValencU.
\\,' ANTED— MILK- WAGON HORSE; MUST
"» be eh ap, sound and good traveler. . Apply 9
to 10 a.m. iv rear, 822 Geary \t. '
IiMNE 6YEAK^OLD_IAKK; " SUITABLE FOR
J busiii'-ss or private use. 605 McAllister.
EM UKAU DKIVINO A.Mi WOltiv IiOR-ba;
O\J welcht JOOO to 170!) lbs. Hti'J Howard st.
• WACKWS AN'l> CAltltlAU-ia.
p OOD BUGGY' FOR SALE CUE iJP~AT~72O
" J Natoma st.
THUSTKKS' SAL.KS.
T^RljsTE^s^^AT^n^rAT^^D^^E^wrrn
X the terms and under the authority of a certain
Ueed of trust, duly executed by CHARLES E. i
WILXJ vM« ana HARRIET A. Williams (his
wife), parties of first part, to HENRY C. CAMP-
BELL and TllA DDKUS B. KKNT. truslees.partles
of the' second part, and the SAN FKaNc.ISCO
SAVINGS UNION, party the third part, dated
June 7th. 1889, und recorded iv the otlice or the
County Recorder ol the county of ihasta, State of
California, iv liber No. 1 of uu;l deeds, at pages 67
and fo. lowing, and in pursuance of a resolution
passed on the lvtli day of November, 1896, by the
board of directors of said SAN FRANCISCO SAV-
INGS UNI' in. a corpora lon, and the holder of the
notes (No. 9398). to secure pa< ment of which the
aforesaid deed of trust was executed, declaring
th.t defHUit had been made in the payment of the
principal sums and other Minis due under said
notes and deed of trust, and requesting and direct-
ing said HENRY C. CAJS.PI.Ki.L and THAD-
Dr.US B. KENT, trustees, to sell the real tsiate
described therein io saitsfv said Indebtedness.
We.HENRY C. CAMPBELL and THADDEUS
B.KENT, trustees, do hereby give notice lhat on
1. KSiuV. the 26th day of January, A. D. 1897,
1 at 12 o'clock noon of that day, and at the auction
salesroom of Easton. KldriUg • «fc Co., 638 Market
street, in the City und County of San Francisco,
State of California, we will sell at pubiic auction,
to the highest bid .er. for cash in goid coin of the
United States, the pieces or parcels of laud situate
in the county of bha.sta, State of Califoruia. de-
scribed as fo.lowg, to wit-
According to the official plats and system of
surveys of the Government of the Unlied Slates:
In towusbip twenty-nine (29) north, range four
(4) wist, Mount Diablo base and meridian: -_BBMgJ
Of section two (2), the east half of tne north- i
east quarter (E. V of NE. V±), the northwest quar-
ter ot th • nonheait quarter (NW. Vi of NE. 14),
and thi' noriheas qu.irter of the northwest qtuu*
ter (N i/i ot NW. 1/4) ; -
Iv township thirty (30) north, range four (4)
wf.it. .Mount Diablo base un t meriJlao; '.. ...
Of section iw.'tity-nlne (i 9) the whole; •• ■ "
uf s'ction thirty (30), the southeast quarter
(SE. ' i), nnd . .
>-f ncUi q thirty-five (35), the east half (E. Va):
ContniniiiK in all one thousand two iiunured and
eighty (1280) acres ot land, more or less; together
with the appurtenances.
TEi.MS) OF SALE— Cash in gold coin of the
United States, 10 per cent payable to the under-
BUned on the fall of the hummer, talance on de-
livery of deed, and If not so paid, units* for want
of title (ten days being allowed for searcii), then
■aid 10 per cent to be forfeited, and the sole to be.
void. Acts of »ale at purchaser's expense.
;-.,. HENRY C. CAMPBELL, Trlls . ,
TilA DD B. X ENT, / J rustees -
TRUSTEES' B ALB— IN ACCORDANCE WITH
X the ien:.s and under the authority of a certain
deed of trust, duly executed b- WIN-DSOR'A.
KEEFKR, party cf the drst part, to HENRY c.
CAAIPBKLLand THADDEUSB. KENT, trust-
ees, parties of tlie second part, and THK SA.V
1-RA.NCISCO BAYtSQS UNION, party of the
thir.l part,' dated June 28th. 18ii2, aud recorded in
the office O-- the County Recorder of the coun.y of
Alameda. state of California, In liber 445 of deeds,
at pages 441 aud . following, and in pursuance of v
resolution p issed on the .9th d^y of November.
1896, by the board -of directors of said S.\ N
Fii.iNCISCO:SAVINGB UNION, a corporation,
and the holder of the note (No. 741), to secure
payment of which the aforesaid deed of trust was
executed, declaring lhat default had been made in
the payment of the principal sum and other sums
dire under said rote and dee.l of trust,' and re-
questing an« direc Idk saIdHKNRY V. CAMP-
BELL and THADDEUS B. KENT, trustees, to
sell the real esmte described therein, to satisfy
said indebtedness. < "
We, HENRY C CAMPBELL and THADDEUS
B. KENT, trustees, do hereby give notice thnt on
FRIDAY, the l.Vh day of January. A. D. J897, at
12 o'clock noon of thai day, and at the auction sales-
room if William J. Ditigee, 46t) and 46- Eighth
street, in Ihe 1 Itv ol Oakland, county of Alamedn,
i 5..1W01 California, we will sell at public auction,
! 10 the highest bidder, for cash in golil coin of . the
United ijtate.i, the piece or parcel of land sltnate
lv the city of Alameda. county of Alameua, State
uf California, described a< follows, 10 wit:
Commencing at a point on ihe northerly line of
Ban Jose avenu* distant thereon three hundred
(31)0) feeteaserly from the easterly li:.e of Chest-
nut sireet. and running thence oimerlya'.ongsal 1
llneof^au Jose avenue one hundred (100) feet,
thence Rt iliiht angles northerly one hundred aud
fifty (150) f>-e.. theace at riKht nngles westerly 0110
hundred (100) feet, rud thence at ricDt tingles
sou; v one hundred anil fifty (150) Ml tv the
pointof commencenieul: • ...
Bein? lots n'imbers sevpn (7) and eight (S) In
the west half (i/ 2 block. M, xs laid down and 'le-
lineated on the nii'p entitled "Map of Lands Aiija-
cent to the 1 own of J-.ncinal, .> lameda County,
C«l ," surveyed r by Jiimes T. Stratton, .May Ist.
1867," filed -May 28th, 1867, In the office of the
1 011 nty Recoider of said county of Alameda, to-
gether with the iip, tTtenances. ;
TERM,- OF SALE— Cash in go.d coin of the
United states; ten per cent p iyable to the under-
signed 0:1 the fall .of the hammer; balauce on de-
livery of deed; and if not so paid, unless for want
of title (ten days be:ng allowed for search), then
said tun per cent to he forfeited, and the sale to be
void. Acts of &iile nt purchaser's expense,
HENRY C. CAMPBELL, \ TrnB .__.
TH A DDE US H. KKNT. / 1 rußtees.
m RUSTKES' LE-IN ACCORDANCE WITH
X the erms and under he authority of a certain
dee>i of tru.-.t, duly executetl by F.M.POWELL,
party of the first, par to HENRY C CAMPBELL
and THAi'DEUS B. KENT, trustees, parties of
the secor.d part, and the SAN-FRANCI^CO sAV-
INGS UNION, par.y of the third part, dated No-
v-mber Ist, 1890, und recorded in;tne oflice of the
County cecorUer of.the county of Tulare. btate uf
Callfor.iia, in Liber 7 of I rust Deeds, at page* 828,
and lolliiwing: and in pursu.mce of a -resolution'
passed on the lltli day of December, 1896, dv the
j'.oard of Directors of the Bans, of ■ Lemoore, a cor
poration, and the holder by asilgnment from said
San •Francisco Savings Union of ihe uo'.e (No.
10,449), to secure payment of which the aforesaid
deadof irustwas executed, declaring that defaul
had been made in tho payment of the principal
sum aud otlii r sums due under said note and deed
of trust, and requesting and directing said HKNR V
C. CAMPBELL ai.d THADDEUS B. KKNT, trus- i
tees, to-sell the real.- estate described therein to i
satisfy .-u|i! hniobiedness. . -' „.,-■.:..-';
Wo, HENK.Y C. CAMPBKLLand THADDEUS'
B. KENT, trustees, do hereby give notice' tb;it on'
TUF.mDaV, tlie i2thday of January, A. I). 1897,
at 12 o'ciock noon of that day. and at tho auction;
salesroom of Eldriige & Co., No. 638 Mar-,
ket stn in the Clt> and County of san Fran-
cisco, state of I California, we will sell | at public
auction to the highest bidder for cash in gold coin
of the United Sta es the plee or parcel of land
situate In the county ,of Klng> , (formerly part of
the coi.Tity of Tular.), State of, California, de-
scribed as follows, to wit: '*• ■'. '■- ■-'■•'-' :■ - . . :
According to the official plats and system of sur-
veys of the- Government the United states: ■
I in township nlueteen (19) souih, range twenty-
one (21) ea-tt, Mount Diablo base and meridian.
Of section seven (7J. the southeast quarter (S.E.
14), contaiuing one hundred »nd sixty (160) acres
of »and, more or less. Together with the appu.-
-tenances."-' >'*>" > ■'," ■" "-
Terms of sate— Cash in gola coin of the United
States: 1j pi r cent payable to the nnderslgned on
the iall lof 1 the I hammer; | balance |on I delivery of
<:eed; and if not so pud, unless for want of titl»
(ten days being allowed tor 'Eearch),' then "said 10
per cent to be lorfeited and the sale to De void.
Acts sale nt purchaser's expense.
. .. . , . HENRY C. CAMPBELL,
.; THADDEUSB. KENT,
•■- ■ : - *■■'•> -' ' v "' -■-■-'--■> .Trustees.- -
;• PBOFESSIOJIAL CAKJDS. > < :
I TOHNE. RICHARDS, LAW OFFICES. KOOM4
J , 2ii : and : 27, Crocker , DuUOiii*; , leit-puoua Alaiu '
.75, Kan Francisco. CaL ... ",. ' : . .
UH.N i*.'AiTJ_KN ANDMAURICKL.
■uya ai. luWi tois 515, 5 1 ii. 51- aoor ( I'arron olcU .',
, CITY RE At ESTATE.
GILT-KDGE INVESTMKNT.
BUSINESS PROPERTY.
NOKTH OF MAIIKKT.
<2»£rk f\f\f\ HALF A BLOCK FROM BALD-
<rOI/.UUU. win; fine lot suxloo feet, with
old Improvements; reduced from $60,000 for
quick sale: can guarantee rents to pay 9. per cent
net on now modern building to cost $50,000 addi-
tional. • KAbTOJN', KLDRIDGE <fe CO.. .v.
1 638 Market St. 
OD.ERN RESIDENCE. : ~~ ■ ••
- ; ON A CORNER.
. NEAR GOLDEN GATE PAI'.K.
tO^nfl HAiND>OME BAY-WINDOW
(Jpi/OuUi tiouse of 9 rooms; bath and abase-
ment; all latest improvements: In perfect condi-
tion; easy terms If desired: lot 30x106:3 f.-et.
EASTu->, ELD HI <fc CO.. tig
638 Market st.
LEGANT NI.W FLATS. \ ~~~~~
VICINITY OFGOLDKNGATB PARK.
* .. , GRAND VIKW.
<$i.t<7E\t\ a' pair of fine NEW FLATS
([pU I O\r. of 6 and 8 rooms and bath; grand
view of park; rent $52 50 per month; lot 25x
121:10. ;
EASTON, ELDRIDGF A CO..
•■-,-•'•- * 638 Market st.
» FOKCED salel : ' ~ "
ft. CHEAP MISSION HOME.
-.•.-• AT A BARGAIN.
mnn-A HANDSOME BAY-WINDOW COT-
— iZ.O\l . taae of 6 rooms and bath: near Dou-
glass and 24th sts.: only 4 years old; cost $3600;
lo; 25x125 feet; garden front arid rear. .
EASTON, ELDRIDGK <fc CO.,
638 Market st.
BARGAIN. ~ ..- ■■ - "
FINE RESIDENCE.
IX THE WESTERN ADDITION.
Qifi^nn HANDSOME 2-STORY BAY-
«IpU«J\A^. window house of 9 rooms and bat
sunny side of street: near Devisadero and Page
sts.;- lot 25x137:6 feet; newly decorated and
painted throughouo. ■ - .
EASTON, ELDRIDGE <fe CO.,
_^ 638 Market st.
LINE INCOME PROPERTY. . .
X 1 AT A BARGAIN.
PAYS NEARLY 10 PER CENT.
(BjOiXfm 4 FINK FLATS OF 4 AND 5
•4POUUU. rooms »ach: in gooa condition; close
to Market st. ; lot 89x96 feet. - « • : ■: •r-
EASTON, ELDRIDUE <fc CO.,
:.■• y 638 Market st.
T-UNE LUTS. s -
r . BIG VALUES.
READY FOR BUILDING. :•
• $2500-B>i£iness property on 24th St., near Fol-
som: 37:0x100: this Is big value.
$1825— Golden Gate aye., near Baker: 25x137:6.
- $18U0— 2 choice lots on Douglass St., near 23d;
60x100; must be sold.
$l7tO— I'resldto Heights lot: Clay St.. near
Map!e; 25x127:8.
$1600— Coiur on China aye., 1 block from Mis-
sion roaa; size 75x100: will subdivide.
$l:-; 50 — Point Lobos aye., near 9th aye.; 25x100;
terms $500 cash, balance $2U per month.
$1000— Each; San Jose aye., near 291h St.; 5
lots ready lor building.
$»00— vk. corner Silver aye. and Crant St.;
60x107:3: college llonie«tcad. ■fHRj
$500— X s., near 11th aye.: 25x120.
4426 — 17. h, aye., near Clement st ; sewered;
. very cheap. EASTON, ELDRIDOE it CO., •
b3B Market st
\\r ILL BUILD COTTAGi- S, HOUSES& FLATS
" at lowest prices' lor cash or InHtallmntsonyour
own lot, or will furnish lot: call and examine plans.
DaN EINSTEIN, Builder, 63'J Market street.
«Aj\n for >alk oh exohangk.
«Jp'iUV/\J. New cottage on 23d aye.. East Oak-
land; 6 rooms and hath: high basement; br.ck
foundation; bay windows; lot 5-'xlOO.
G. H. UMBSEN A CO..
14 Monteomprv at.
fOU.M'KI' KKAL MTATE.
(EjO'/^rv AM ABOUT TO GO EAST; WILL
<IP^«JUU. sell mv 60U-acre ranch at a sacri-
fice; all level; plenty of water; farming or graz-
ing; U. f. patent: San Luis Ohlspo County. Ca-.l
or addrets Gl-.ORUi. SWAIN, 7ao Naioma st.
RAIN AND HAY RANCH; 16J ACRES IN
*JT Livermore Valley; house, barn, granary,
fronts on county road; very cheap at $33 per acre.
For particulars ca'.l
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO.,
6:8 .Market st.
TTOMESf EAD — NICE LOCATION, $200:
XX black soil; trout stream; large limber. Call
at 631 California st., room 1.
I/>uK SALE— ISO ACHES WELL IMPROVED
-T property, no. v rented Jor $500 a year; sltua.e
In Bishop, Inyo County, CaL City property will
be accepted in part payment; property between
becond and Fourtb, from Market to Howard sts..
preferred. Apply to 261 Minna St., or room 1, 622
Montgomery st. •
4j; 1(\ t\l\(\ 161) ACKES OF LaND, ONK
1 U.UUU. mile from Delano: a beautiful
rou try home, with residence modern style of 8
rooms; 5 years old; 5 acres of a bearing orchard,
consis ing of cherries, oranue, lemon, peach,
pears, apples, plums, apricots, berries, etc.; plenty
of water to irrigate; flue barn and outhouses; soil
v<ry productive; will exchange ior improved
property in Oakland, Alameda. Berkeley or Han
Jose; tltlo clear. F. 1- DAVIS, ' Deiauo, Kern
County, Cal. , .
(fcO'dli 16 J ACKES OF LAND. A HALF
♦JpOOUI/ mile- from depot site, on the new
, I Valley railroad, -supposed to be completed within
one year; 30 acres fenced: 3 good wells, barns,
trees, etc.: will exchange for Improved property
in Oakland, Alameda or Berkeley; title clear. . F.
E. DA VIS. Delano, Kern onny, Cal.
* LAMEDA LAND CO.uPANY JS SELLING
ft. ihe cheapest fruit, vegetiibie and pram land
ever offered in Alameda county in small tracts; 1
mile from Pleasanton, lVb hours from San Jbran-
• lisco; price $20 to $40 per acre: half cash; owner
must sell: title pemct; investigate. l>7 curoui-
cle buildinz. . . .* ■
ITTLK HUMKf). CLO^K -TV TOW.S . Im^"
J proved: easy termv; also 4to 12 acre plecei
en 8 and 10 rears' credit. D. H. TWING, Sououij*
City: every Monday at B^3 Mnrke>: St.. S. F. .
i'KOl'iiKTX lo i.viuax.i:. •
OEND FOR OUR LIST OF ORCHARD HOSIKS
k5 for sale. WOOSTKR & WHIT TON, San Jose.
rniMBER— l-JMU AClii-.S; KKRN CO.; PLENTY
J water: <*xceilpnt xinrK rmi'-h. N.. hox IH. Cml'.
JiISIUAL INSTiCUMENTS.
RE YOU CONTEM JPLATIN G THE PUR-
chase of a piano? if so our warcrooms conain'
- the most desirable stock from which to makn the
selection; bargains for cash, Insta lments or rent
contract plan: we are selling some pianos for $3.
$4 an I $5 per month: beautiful new uprights for
$6, $7, £.i, $9 and $10 per month; no cush pay-
I ment required larger than the" above amounts; nil
purchasers of upright pianos from us have the
privilege of exchanging same for a Steinway any
i time within 3 ears from date of purchase wlth-
I out sacrifice SHERMAN, CLAY & CO., repre-
j sentatives of Stein way <fc Son's pianos, cor. Kearny
I and Muter wts., San Francisco; also Oakland,
Cal.; Portland. Or. Seattle, w ash.
AYE; V CHOICE HARDMAN UPRIGHT
will be sold in-medlately at much less than i.s
value on account of a lorrner purchaser now re-
quiring the cash :» snap seldom offered. We are the
hgpnts for the Hardmnn. over 50 years In use. In-
I quire ot any Of the 60.000 purchasers of t:ii< cx-
i qu:site Instrument arid they will tell yo i it sur-
. passes all others . in durability, sweetness and
i volume of tone. x'rU-i-s moderate. Si-vera! us d
pianos of excellent m;ik>-s a 1 a fraction of their
former price. Piano warerooms, second tloor. Flood
building, Fourth and Market streets. THE J.
WI NO CO. -
I WE HAVE SECURED THK AGENCY OF
] • » tbe wonderful Ivers & Pond pianos, a specially
■ telected stock: all siy es. upright.* and grands:
just received; it is impossible to make a.better
piano: , absolutt-ly without a weak point; sole I
. ai'rns for Ivers & Pond, Llndeman, Connor,
I Muehlfeld, Haynet and Singer pianos. -J. : T.
| BOWKRS & SON, Metropolitan Temple building.
BSULUTKLY THE OLUi-.^T D LARGEST
honse west of Chicago Is - KOHLER &
I CUASK'S, 26, 28 and 80 O'Farrell st. ; pianoj. or-
-1 gans and : all other musical instruments, of all
! grades and" price*: terms eisy: prices lowest;
! everything po.-.sible cono 10 plena.- und sntiaiy via
. ; fostomer. . .
A CI'UaLLY THU BIvST BABOAiNa I.V !'(•
ACTUALLY our list BI.ST pianos or: Vl-
linos; see our list tor this week; pianos or: $1
! $4, $6, $6, $7, $8. $9, $10. $15, $20 monthly pay* .
. I ments; fine stool and <over with each; delivenxl
free any when in th« cliy and kept tuned by ex- -
pert concert tuners. The F. W. SPEJN'OKtt CO,
taleßrooms 933 Market St.. opp. Mason. .
HAIN*.6«. BU*H & GURTS AND KMAHK Pi-
anos; get our reduced prices: flue seebnd-hand
! uprights, $135.: organs, $35. W. C. HAMILTON,
j successor to A. L. BANCROFT & CO.. 324 Post St.
I IiUNE STEINWAY UPRIGHT/ /N I'EKFECT
I -T order, great bargain: French upright, $60; new
. ' pianos very cheap: call and see fine stock. THK
[ ZENO iMAL'VALS MUSIC CO.. 769 Market St. .:.
PIANOS Sui,D, • RENTED, TUNED. KK-
paired, polished, shipped, stored, for lower rates
than any other firm in tae cuy. J.HARRY
SCOTT, 628 Hayes st. ■ ..--.■
ADMINISTRATOR'S, SALE -ML'sT SKLU
.T. pianos at imcoeiise r<duction for cash or on
ius;allments. EATON ESTATE, 735 Market.
EL KG ANT UPRfcTaFpIANO; A BARGAIN;
slightly "s»d. 803 Golden Gate aye.
' ji. ri\ Person rosewood PIANO FOR
(lpt)U. s»!eon $6 instHllments. 221 Leavenworth.
SHAW, STEINWAY $260, CHICKEHING
$1 85;creat bargatns;s4mo Hg:INE,I36 Kl.'is.
. I/INE UPRIGHT PIANO AND AHRADHAKP
Jl , cheap. , Iri McAllister, next Hibernla Bauk. '.
<1J»-| DKCKEK BROS.': IN GOOD ORDER.
J^ LUU. BRUENN'S piano house, 228 Post. ■:
, rjEAUTIFUL Bf.CHSIKIN: IN USE ONLY 4
X> months: sacrifice.' E. W. LICK.II 6 McAllister.
agnifice'nt^teinway upright AND
Schubert; little used: sacrifice. 1019VanNe«
G. BADGE SOLE A' ENTFOKHALLET
• >b Davis and Fr.mcis Bacon pianos. 406Sacto.
YRON MAIZY, 308 PusT ST.— sOHMER,
Newby A Evan', Britrirs and other pianos. •;
QUPKRIOK VIOLINS, ZITHERft, OLD NEW i
O H. MULLER. maker, repulrer 2 j.a:ham place. .
A , DOLLAR A WKItK O.\ RENI' COSl'lUUi'
;ft bnyg new piano. . 13U Ellis st ;»
Awr^lCS NEWS' FOR 5 CENTS — THJ»
WEEKLY CALL, in wranper. for mailine.
'. LKUAL NOTICES. ;:
CUSTOM-HOUSE, SAN i FRANCISCa JAN-
. : vary 6. 1897. Notice— Certain goods \ remain-
ing one ye»r In bonded warehouse will be sold at
■ public auction at the United States Appraiser's
■ .siure on the ' 25th of : January, 1897. - Descriptive
catalogues can be liad at > the, Custom-house on
January. 1897, or at time and place of Bale. JOHN
. H. ■ WISE, Coiyecior Customs.
.'.'.'■ I ' - ' .
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— BROADWAY.
: . OAKLAND KEAL ESTATJS. •
ACHARMIG HOME; . BEAUTIFUL 8-ROOM
2- ory residence in au Al neighborhood; 10
minutes' walk to station. 8 rooms and bath: all
moiJern conveniences: price, $4Ol'O, reiuced from
$6500: must be sold. A. 11. BREED & CO., 460
Ninth St., Oakland.
pHKAPKM LOT EVER UFFKKED IN EAST
\J Oakland: ,180x100: situatei on East Tweaty-
fourth st., near Eleventh avr. ; street work done:
electric cars: if taken at once can be boucht for
$]iso, less than *6 ■ per front ■ foot. Wil. .J.
DINGKE, 460 Kighth St.. Oakland.
§I7ZTO $150 FOR CHOICE BUILDING
I O lots In the town of FitchburK; a new sta-
tion established near Oakland, 011 the Uaywards
and San Leaudro local line, by the SoutheriiPacilic
Company; only 45 minutes from Sari Francisco
and 6 minutes from Oakland: electric-cars every
ny minutes: terms to suit buyers. Apply to
C. M. P.UNKLE, owner, «15i ; o Washington su,
Oakland, Cal.
Vjij "1 r\r\ LOTS NEAR THK ALTENHKIM IN
«Ipi-01/. Fruit vale; electric cars; only $1 down
and $1 a week; selling fast: cood Improvements.
H. B. PlNNEY, owner. 902 Broad Oakland.
A \VEciK S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS—
A WF.EKLY CALL. In wraDoer. for m*Uln».
OAKLAMJ FUKMTHiK FOX SALE.
UfKAK WA.MONHS BY PA IRON iZINO H
»' >CHELLHAAB, furniture-dealer, l.th.OaKld
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS
AT,AMRI)\ UIiAL FSTATK.
BARGAIN— BALANI E $2(5 65
X) per month: nice 7-room and bath hous- (also
servant's room), on Clinton aye., 3 bocks to
local train; lot 50 feet front; fine sand beach for
bathing. Address WM. P. TODD, 1002 Broad-
way, Oakland.
*fczl I fin - NKU ' AND modern home OF
<J)^tluv/. 7 rooms; large lot: in stood neighbor-
hood; terms, small cash payment and monthly in-
stallments. JOSEPH A. LEONARD COMPANY,
1364 Park at... Alameda.' - : - '■
BEKKELEI' KEAL .ESTATE.
<Jtl RfSfl THK BIGGEST BARGAIN OF THE
«iP J.UUU. season; house of 6 rooms, bath, stable,
chlcken-houae: 5 minutes' walk irom station.
JOS. J. Mamin. BerKPlev.
MUMJ6X 1U LOAJN'.
roonn nnO ATHVa PER CENT ON CITY
<3pOUU.''UU realty: also Oakland, estates, life
insurance, second mortgages, any sum. Manhattan
Loan Co.. lv Mills building, ground tloor. ■■,■;,
A DVA.NCES rTrs SIU.VIiS, WATCHEa,
A jewelry; also on furniture, pianos, without re-
moval; lowest rates. BALDWIN JEWELRY
KTOKE, 948 Market st. : open evenlnes. !
NY AMOUNT; IST, 'iD.OR 3D MORTGAGER
estates, undividea interVsu. real estate In pro-
bate: furniture and pianos without removal.
McCOLGAN. '24 Montßomery St., room 3.
WIsE AND SAVE IM'tKKSI'-MuNKV
loaned on everything. Cut Rate Loan Office,
room 7, Flood building. Pledges for sale cheap.
II.ECi r O.\ YOUR FURNITURE ORPIANO.
no removal: no delays: no commissions: low
interest. Km. 68. ronohu» bfdg, 1170 Market s>
(J>QOX ||OO A ' r -^ANK KATES; AND.
«iP«J —•O.VjyjyJ 2d mortsaKes. estates, rents, etc.;
leDd as iow as $50. H. Mt'RPHV. 628 .Market st.
ONBY TO LOAN ON REAL ESTATE.
Apply MADISON & BURKE,
626 -Market st.
GL'Qfi f\f\(\ ON IST AND 21) MORTGAGES
<3rOU.UUU and furniture. QUINN, 53 Chron-
icle buiniln^. .
N FURNITURK AND PIaNOS: WARRANTS
\J cashed. SCRIBNER & Cv, 7 City Hall aye.
ffI»XA TO $50,000; LUWKST t;iiK: isr &zd
tjpOVJ mortgage: Uut orinstlmnt Dryden, 535 Cal.
DVANCES ON DIAMONDS, JEWELRY,
Columbia Loan & collateral OiUce, 9 (jrant aye.
■pKIVATE P.\KTV LOAN'S ON ANY GOOU
JL security: low Interest. N.. box 15. Call Office.
FAW>iJKOKIiKS.
HIGHEST PRICE PAID FOR CAST Of if
XX. clnthln?. Cosmopolitan oan Office, 49 Third.
iI.NAiSCIAL.
X\r ANTED — $600 ON CITY PROPERTY
TT worth $1400. Address Loan, box 96. Call.
MEDICAL.
N E \V REMEDY ' THAT m~PERFECTLY
harmless; rever falls in any case of monthly-
sickness, no matter what tbe cause may be. | Price
$5 to $10. Mo ' electricity or Instruments; never
makes ' sick to make well: travelers belped ; no
delay; years' exi>erience: first-class home in con-
finemenu . Dr. <fe Mrs. Davles, 14 McAllister -st.,
next Hibernia Bank. Consul: free; French pills
$'_■: hours, 9 a. it. to 4, 7 to 8 P. m. •
A ritOCESS THAT NEVER iAILs TO RE-
J\. store every case of monthly sickness from
whatever cause in a few hours when medicines
and others have failed; no instruments used;
any years' experience: every case guaranteed;
advice free: terms reasonable: first-class private
home for confinement. MRS. DX. DALEY, 1124
Market at., over the Owl Dru? store.
iT FOULKT'S FRENCH CAPSULE 3 — A
guaranteed absolute cure for all female dis-
eases (no ma:ter whot cause) positively safe and
sure; no dang- r or after effects: taken in time It
also acts as a preventive; price $1 50 per box:
sent free by mail on receipt of price. WALLER
BROS.. 33 Grant aye. ___■
A NEW PROCESS-NO MEDICINE, iNsTRO-
A ment or worthless pills used;, every woman
her own physician for all female troubles, no matter
from what cause: restores always in one day: can
be sent and used at home ; all canes guaranteed.
DR. POPPERand MRS. DRS. NAIL, .118 Kearny.
LL CASES OF MONTHLY SUPPRESSION
restored in a few hours; satety assured at any
time; instant relief for travelers; home In confine-
ment: consult free: confidential: houn, 1O:o5.
MRS. DR. YETH. 916 Post St., near Larkln.
T ADIES, CHICHESTER'S ENGLISH PENNY-
XJ royat Pills (Diamond Brand) are best; safe, re-
liable: take no other. Sen 4c, stamps, for particu-
lars, '.'Relief for Ladies," in letter by return mall;
at druggist's- ChichesterChem. Co.. Philadelphia
rvRS. I.OHUWIS, SPKCIALIST: LADIES.
XJ near or far, safe, quick cure guaranteed, any
disease or complaint: Home for patients; best skill;
free diagnosis: low tees: self cure. 904 Mo Alllstersu
LPKAI 'H FRKNCH PILLS— A BOON TO
Indies with female troubles; no danger; safe
and sure. $2 50 expiets C. v. D. ; don't delay until
too late. OSGOOD BROS., Oakland, Cal.
fcUKE CUKk FOR ALL. i'f.MALlv DlS-
eases, irom whatever cause; homo ie confine-
men: ; every comfort: satisfaction guaranteed or
money refunded. MRS. DR.OWYER, 2*6 Turks-.
UN'T FAIL TO CONSULT Dit. JuKDAN AT
his museum, 1051 MarKet St.; his 30 year*
nccessf ul practice is a guarantee of fair treatment;
the worst cusf.i treated satisfac;orlly by mall.
i TVfICK PRIVATE HOME IN CONFINEMENT
i-N at the most ressonable price in the city. MRS.
at. PFEIFi'ER, midwife, 2012 Folsom st.
$-(\(\ PAID for a CA>SE i FAIL TO CURH
fiUU of female complaints or diseases of the
eye; consultation free. MRS. DR. 5C0T1.3125 Geary
] U PRAK:^. FEMALK RKGULA TING PILLS;
XJ safe and efficient emmenasogue; $1 per box.
RICHARDS <fc CO..drug3ists. 406 Clay si., acts.
OME, A FRIEND AND MOTjiER'S CARE.
MRS. DX. FUNKE. 1416 Kighth St.. Alameda,
IF IRREGULAR OR ANY FEMALE IH-KASK
MRS. DR. PUETZ and becontent. 5. l o4i/ 2 4th.
I vR. UALL, 14 McALLiSI'ER STREET. Nj.Ai4
J * ones. Diseases of women and children.
 , 11AKK1AO-U LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses have beei
issued by th" County Cier-c's office:
G. H. My-rsand Theresa Cavanauprb. 22—20. .
j G. E. H. Baker and Lillian E. M. Hulje. '.'4-21.
H. O. Wilt and Amelia P. Johnston, 22-18.
Allon Matlock and Ethel I. Korh. 26-23.
H. P. Kane an. l Nellie F. Wright, s!tt— 26.
B. Nicholson and Lizzie M. Nelson, 34— 37.
J. Filippina aud Rosa Faggtano. 2t) -18.
A. Morece Antonii Labarblera, 24-— l7.
Joe Cassato and Rosa Marcus, 23 — 20.
I. A. Marine and Lizzie Mahon^y, 3e>— 3o.
Thomas Hu?:i-sand Annii» shields. 28— a2.
. W. B. Minor and Cora F. Martin, 26— 25. •-
> F. stantraro and Marcella Cronley, 21—19.
J. C .-cin'kn.'Cu t .'mil i mm.i Krumberg. 43— 38.
E.W. Ne:hertonand Allw M.Nether on, 27— 25.
IkU i — MARRIAGE^-MATiIS/
[Birth, marriage and death notices sent by mall
will not b : inserted, They must be handed in a:
either of the publica'lon offices and be indorsed
with tbe name and resldeuceof persons authorized
to have the tame published.] . :
KOKN.
ARZNER — In this city, January' 3, 1897, to the
wite or Louis Arzner. a dnughter.
ASM USSEN— In this city, January, 3, 1897, to the
wife of Georve J. Asmusseu, ■ daughter.'
BAKU— In this city, December 25, IS9G, to the
;; wife of J.;C Bare, a daughter. • • • • -.
BO UCHKR-in' Virginia City, Nev., January 2,
■ 1897, to the wife'of Arthur E. Boucher, :i wa. .
KNOPH-December 29, 1896, to the wife of Al N.
Knopb, anon. .;■,-. .1 ■-■.., ■ ;-_: •
CATOR-Decembar 29, 1896, to the wife of George
W. Cator a son. , ,-<- ■: - : : .-;-.-,
; MAKKIEO.
CANTELOW— MILKS— In this city, December
31, 1893. by the Rev. John Stephens, Clalr Can-
>• i»low and Ella D. Miles, both of san Francisco.
MAN'T)EL-ELKEN— In this city, ' January 3,
1817. by the Rev. •. D. .Meyerson of the Kusti-
street Tt-mple. Balph Mandel" and Belle Elken.
hplu of San Kranruco. * ' -\\
PHILLIPS— HARPER— In -Glen Ellen, January
3, 1»97, at the resldenca of the •bride's mother.
. by ihe .Rev. Joun Phillips, E. J. Phiilipi of
' Sonoma and Mabelle Harper of Glen Ellen. *.
ROSE— MaCROW— In thiscit^. January 3. 1897.
; by the Key. John Stephens, William Rvss and
Ellen Macro w. both or ban Francisco. -
I>IED. ,v
Coon, Churles D. Knoro. Albert F.
Corbet. Robert Lan,'. Milton U •.
Corcoran, Mary E. Lattlmorc, Eliza !
Corl»ls Harr\- - ;,;••' McKleaney, Edward
Dewans, MUhael Morton, David W.
Franks, Joseph P. Nelson, -Mrs. Marie P.
Hanlfin, Dennis C. O'Rourlce, Agnes id.
Haas.Ueor*a Piper, John
Hesselmeyer, Dorothea Robers. Idni«
Hozan. John, sternberz. Elizabeth.
Holswonh. R. P. Stewart. E'len
Kemp, James C. Tweedy, Kate
Kennedy, Thomas Wilson, Frances P.
COON— In this elt». January 4, 1897, Charles D,,
. beloved husband of 6man W. Coon, and father
of Charles W. Coon of Sacramento and Eva S.
■ Pohley of San Krancisco, a native of New York,
a:»ed 6 years 4 uon.'is au.l 10 days.
CORBET— In this city, Jannnry 4, 1897 Robert
Corbet, beloved father of William H. and Mlna
Corbet, Mm. Thomas Career and Mrs. O. U\
j Noll, a native 01 Ireland, aged 73 years.
CORCORAN— A month's mind mass for the re-
pose of the soul of the late Mary E. Corcoran of
Loi An»eles Wl'.l lie celebrated TO-MORROW
(Wednesday), at 7:30 o'clocK a. m.. at St. Agnei
Church. Masonic avenue am Oax street.
CORLEIS— In this city, January 4, 1897. Harry
corlels,' a native of Hornebur*, Hanover. Ger-
many, aii-?d 39 yean 6 months aad 'JO days.
DEWANS— In this city, January 4. 18*7. -Michael
Dewan*. b native of France, aged M years. A
member of California Garrison No. 101, R. A-
an I N. U.
J9f«"Frlends and acquaintances and all mem-
bers of K. A. and N. U. art- resp^ci-
fnlly invited to attend t be funeral TO-MORROW
(Wednesday), at 9 o'clock a. m.. from the par-
lor* of tin- Western Addition *uncr>l Directors,
24'J8 California stree:, between Kill more ana
Sleiner. luteraicnt Na.iona! Cemetery, Prtsdio.
FRANKS— In this city, January 4, 1897, Jo«eph
Phi.Up Franks, beloved sou or James anl M.ir-
garet Franks, and brother of James Jr. Edward
Jr. and Annie Franks, a native of Sun Fruncisco.
JJ3~No:ice of fuaerat hereafter .
HANIFIN— In this city. Januar,- 3, 1817, Dennis
Chariei, beloved son of Margaret and the late
Daniel llanifin, and brother of Maurice uni
Timothy ani and Mrs. H. Shields, a native
01 San Francisco, aeed 9 years and 2 months.
*S"The funeral will ta«e place THIS DAY
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock p. v... from the resi-
dence of h:s mother. Ij.-«4 Howard stres:. tnence
to St. Joseph's Uhurcn, Teaths;reet, for service*
at 2:30 o'clock p. it. intermaai Mount calvary
Cemetery.
AS— ln this city, Jannary 8, 1897,' Georse, be-
loved husband of Amelia Haas, apd father of
George W.. Maud, l:euben. Pearl and Walter
Haas, a native or Germany. as(ed 56 years.
4i-Fri«-n<is and acquaintances am respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral TH DAY.
(Tuesday), at 1 :30 o'clock p. it., from the
.' Masonic Temple, corner Post and Montgomery
streets, under the auspicei of California coin-
mandery No. 1, K. T. Intermenc Masonic
cemetery. • ■ ; ;.■ /,. ;
HESSELMEYEK— this city, Jannary 3, 1897,
at her residence. 1706 Baser street, Dorothea J.,
dearly beloved wife of the late TheoJore llessel-
meyer, and iiiotner of Henry , Cornelia, Charlotta
and Emily liesselmeyer, a native of ilamourg,
Germany. fNew York ut^dl Cleveland (Ohio)
papers piease copy. J . ■
AS^FriemM ani flcaualntanesi nre respecl-
fnllv invited toatten-1 the funeral TO-MORKOW
(Wednesday), at 11:30 o'clock a. m., from the
First EugliSn LuLheran Clr.irch. Geary street,
near Octavia. In:ermen r Laurel Hill Cemetery.-'
HOGAN— In this city, January 4 1897. John
Hogan. a native of Cauletown Roche, Couuty
Cork, Ireland, aged 45 years 3 months and 10
days. •  . ■ :. ?:. s:oc ,t ; >
fIS-Notice of funeral hereafter.
HOLSWORTII— In this city. January 2, 1897,
Raymond Percy, dearly beloved a id youngest'
son of Edward J. and Mac L. Hols worth (nee
U'Connell. brother of Edward Holsworth and
grandson of Mr. and Mrs. Joha lloiswor.h and
John M. and Mary J. O'Coanill of San Diego,
a native of Sau FraucUco, aged 3 mouths aal
10 days. rSan Diego and New Orleans papers
please copy.]
a3-Frienrts and acanatntancfti «r« resn»C> :
fnlly Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Tnesday), at 11 o'clock a. m., from tbe
residence of the parents, 17 Chaltanooga street,
between Twenty-first aud Twenty- second. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery.
KEMP— In thU cit<--. January 4. 1897. James
Clemraons. beloved husband of Margaret Kemp,
and father of Daniel C. Kemp, a native of Mar-
blehead. Mass , ugul t>B years
Notice of funeral hereafter.
KENNEDY— In this city, January 3, 1897,
Thomas, beloved son or Michael and the late
> Ellen KenneJv, nn.l brother or John, WUliam,
Stephen ana 'Michael Kennedy, a native ot 'lip-
perary. Ireland, aged 21 years 1 month and 9
day*. A memoer of Court Seal Rock No. 45,
F. of A. •
JtsrFr!end3 and acquaintances are respect-
fnlly invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY/
(Tuesday), at 9:30 o'clock a. m., from the par-,
lors of Theoaor Dier^s 957 Mission street,
thence to si- Patrick's Church for services at
10 o'clock a. m. interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery.
KNOKP— In this city, January 2, 1897, Albert
Frederick Knorp. beloval fatner ot Albert.
W illlam T., George H., Dr. F. F.. Louisa M. and
Edward L. Knorp, a native of Wurtemberj,
Ger nany, aged 64 years.
Friends and acaunlntanrni «r-> nnMV
fully invited to attend tho funeral THIS DAY-
(Tuesday), at 11:3U o'clock a. m.. from the
family residence. IO'J7 Ellis street, tnence 10
Masonic Temple for funeral services, com-
mencing at 12 o'clock it. mtermeui Cypreai
La.vn Cemetery. Pieas9 omit flowers.
LANG— In this city, January 2, 1897. Milton
Lloyd, beloved son of Carrie and the late
George Lang, and brother of Walter Lan;. a na-
tive of Calistaga, Cal.. a«ed 9 years 5 months
and 13 days. [Callstoga (Cal.) paper* pleaaa
copy. |
■33" Friends and. acquaintances «r» respect-
fnlly Invited to attend tho funeral THIS DVY
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock p. m.. from the resi-
dence of hia mother, 1 Belveuer' .-.treet corasr
of Waller. Intermen: Masonio Cemetery.
LATTIMORE— In this city. January 4. 1597,
Eliza, wife of John Lattimor-. mother of Wil-
liam, John and Andrew l.aMinore, and sister of
John Johnston, a native of County Derry, Ire-
land, a?ed 39 years ano 2 months.
#y Friends are resp ctfully Invited toattend
the funeral services THIS DAY (Tu^-day), at
2 o'clock P. m.. at 3.0 Vallejo street. Interment
I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
McELEANEY— In this cltv, January 4, 1897,
Edward, beloved husband of the lat>» Mary Mc-
Eleaney. and father of John McEleaney, Mrs.
John Cllne, Mrs. G Sbarbaro and the late Ed-
ward McEleaney. a native of the parish of Cui-
daff County Donegal, Ireland, a<eJ 65 years.
rNew Bedford papers please copy.]
' a3-The funeral will take place TO-MORROW
(Wednesday), at 1 :30 o'clock p. m.. from the par-
lors of the United Undertakers, 27 and 29 Ftfth'
street, thenc? to St. Patrick's Church for serv-
ices Inierment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
MORTON in this city, January 3, 1897, David
W.. brother of Robert L.. Alice. Thomas L. and
Johnnie J. Morton, a native of San Francisco,
aged 27 years. . ■ ■
£«r Friends and acquaintance nr<» respest.
- fully Invited to attend the funeral Tnis DAY
(Tuesday), at 1 o'clock p. m.. from the residence
of his brother, Robert L. Morion. 409 Eighth
avenue. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
NELSON— In East Oakland, January 4,1897. Mrs.
Marie Pauline Nelson, wife of j. C. Nelson, a
native of Denmark, aged 28 years and 10
months.
O'ROURKE— In thi3"clty. January 4, 1597, Atcn's
M., dearly beloved daughter of Patrick and Mar- J
garet O'Kourke, and sister of Margaret, Thomas,
Nellie M., Catherine. Lizzie and James O'Rourka
and Mrs. D. F. Murphy, a native of San Fran-.
Cisco, aised 20 years and 4 months.
JSyKnemls and acquaintance ar« respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Wednesday), at 10:30 o'clock a. m., from the
family residence, 816 Potrero avenue, thence to
St. Peter 1 Church. Twentv-foui and Alabama
streets, for services, commencing at 11 o'clock
a. M. interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
PIPER— In this city. January 3, 1 897, John, be-
loved husband of Louise Piper, father of George,
Edwnrd, i-laud- «nd Hazel Piper anil Mrs. L.
Z.mmer. and brother of Henry Piper, a native of
Germany, ugea tfO years 7 moaths and 9 days. '
ROBERTS— In this city. January 4. 1897, Lizzie,
beloved wife ot P. L. Roberts, and sister of J. W.
Joaev a native of Liverpool England, aged S3
years 7 months and 3 days.
ayFrienai ana acquaintances ars respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral TO-MOFtRO W
(Wednesday), at •10 : o'clock a. k., from her
late residence, 55 Pr.npect avenue. Interment
Mount Olivet Cemetery. ;
STERNBERG— In this city. January 4, 1897,
Elizabeth, beloved wife of L. Stern berg, and sis-
ter of Fran* McCarrick, Ellen Hoffman and the
late John J. McCarrick, a native of aan t cau-
clsco. n--'eil 32 year*. ■ £•
j«-Rema!ns at the parlors of Carew & English,
41 Van Ness avenue, near Market street. Notice
of funeral hereafter. , " •
STEWART— In this city, January 4. 1897, Ellen,
beloved- sister of .Mary and Isabella Stewart, a
native of >-narlottetown, Prince Edward Island,
Canada, aged 68 years 9 month 3 aud 1 day.
TWEEDY— thl3 city, January 4. 18)7. Kate
Tweedy, dearly beloved daughter of Mrs. Eliza-
beth GaUafert, anJ sister o: Mrs. Jane l:os>-
warn. Mr* E. In wood and Mrs. C. Wooj, aged
. 27 years.
WILSON— In Oakland, January 3, BS7. FTuTteM
Pearl Wilso.i.
-..' NIcAVOY A CALLACHER, j
FUNKRAL DIRKCTORS A EMBALM j
tO Fifth St., Opp. Lincoln School.
" Telephone 2080.
MOUNT OLIVET CEMETERY,
SAN MATEO COUNTY: NEAREST CSilß*
tcry to the city: uon-sectarian: in uo sens* ax-
elusive; location unexcelled. Omt* trW Mmx*.*
•treeu toutfaeast comer O* aixtu. ' '.
XAS.MC.MKSOMKT. • CHAS. McMKNOMiIf.
JAJIKS McJIEJiOMKV & S N -.
UNUJEKXAKEKS AM> E3IISALMEK3.
1O&7 Mission Street, Hear suveutu.
Telephone .-ou:h :<o-l. . -
JA& ENGLISH. . ".- T. R. CXBL&W
CAREW & ENGLISH,
. . CN.DERTAKER3- AND EMBALMED
" FUNKKAL DIKKCTOKS,
jpvaa Ness aye., near >»r*e; au, ova *'raaol«3»
Telephono so. 15t>.
F. L. GUNTZ. H. W. G A TNER.
GANTNER & GUNTZ,
Funeral Directors and Embalmers.
8 and |0 CITY HALL SijlAUJi. ;
. . Telephone South 43i
1314
MUNICIPAL MANAGEMENT AS A
MEANS TO SOCIAL REFORM
The Suggestions of the Rev. Mr. Bliss Meet With
Hearty Approval of Business
Men.
Proper City Control Would Mean j
Work lor the Unem
ployed.
DR. STALL CRITICIZED.
Dohrmann Says Allowing Supervisors
Executive Powers Encourages
EcoJlers.
__^_^__ _^
The Rev. Mr. Bliss' presentation of the ;
problem of municipal reform has met |
with considerable favorable comment by J
prominent laymen who heard his discus- i
sions at St. Luke's Church on Sunday. j
Business men particularly expressed i
themselves as heartily in accord with the j
ideas be advanced.
One lar«e merchant yesterday sent a
check for a contribution to the work the
league may undertake along the lines J
suggested by the clerical sociologist.
Next Monday forenoon the Rev. Mr.
Bliss, at the conclusion of his visit here,
will deliver a special address before the
meeting of the clericus, which is the regu- !
lar gathering of all the clergy of the Epis
copal church in this City. It is expected j
that he will suggest plans for municipal !
reforms to be advocated from the pulpit; :
for the intelligent presentation and eluci- !
dation of sociological principles by cul
tured men to persons constituting cbnrch !
congregations with their associations of
dignified thoughtfulness as opposed to
the smaller bands of dissatisfied individ
uals tbat alter having little themselves j
contend for any change that may bring to ;
them what they might never get by de- j
serving and superior effort.
The Rev. Mr. Moreland, speaking of the j
matter discussed by the Rev. Mr. Bliss, |
declared yesterday that he believes that I
municipal reform will be the vital, the
general issue throughout the United
States during the next four years. Those
impressed with a strong belief in socio
logical principles of City government
are, he thinks, quiet and undemonstrative
only because they are hopeiul of the time
when their num tiers may naturally become i
Jaree enough to be effective at. the polls.
The president of the Merchants' Asso- !
ciation, in criticizing the means for
municipal reform recently advocated by j
Dr. £tallard of Menlo Park, thinks that
the Board of Supervisors should be de- [
prived of executive powers and the oppor- j
tunity to control positions and handle I
boodle. He would model the manage
ment of the City after the business meth- I
ids of lar^e and successful private con- j
cerns, in which the boards cf dirt-ctors
advise and legislate, while the executive ;
ollicers do the real work of managing the |
business. He thinks that Dr. Stallard's i
views, wnile generally apt and thoughtful, !
ore based partly upon European models |
that are not completely applicable to con
ditions here.
The following is a copy of a letter writ
ten yesterday by F. VV. Dohrmann, presi
dent o! the Merchant;-' Association, to Dr.
Stallard, in reply to his published plans
for municipal government :
January 4. 1897.
Dr. J. H. StaUard— Dear Sir: 1 have carefully
read your article published in the Overland
Monthly, and thp manuscript for an addi
tional one to foliow, and am greatly obliged to
you for submitting the Utter tome now.
You have evidently made the .subject of mu
nicipal government a life study, ana your criti
cism of existing evils proves that you have
given close attention to present conditions in
Son Francisco.
The conclusion which you evidently arrive
at is that a cnange is absolutely necessary. In
this I fully concur.
The remedy you suggest is that in remodel
ing our fundamental l«.ws the legislative as
well as the executive powers be placed in a
council and that the executive function be
placed in the hands of committees.
Your principal reason for this system seems
to be that it is successful in England and
more democratic than to give legislative pow
ers to a council and executive powers to a
Mayor.
£1 am not convinced in the first place that
the reasons for improvements in European
cities are chiefly that a council had charge of
them.
Did not Paris become the leading and model
of ail modern improved cities through the
efforts of Baron Haussmann. aud was not Wash
ington made new through Boss Shepard?
And if it is undemocratic to divide the powers
to leeislate and the duty to administrate, then
the United States and all our State governments
are on a wrong and undemocratic foundation.
KEW TO-DAT
An Authority Whom All *
Will Delight to Honor j
Golden Gate Kindergarten Association, £
MRS. SARAH B. COOPER, Presm>6NT, £
4902 Vallejo Street. i'
San Francisco, Cal., Feb. 3, 1890. £
You ask me if I know anything about the Royal 5
Baking Powder, and if I consider it free from all i
adulteration. 4*
lam glad to be able to assure you that I know, %
both from experience and from a chemical analysis,
that the Royal Baking Powder is a pure, whole- %
some and dependable article. £
Knowing the pernicious effects of deleterious in- *
gredients used in the preparation of food, especially i
in that indispensable article to every family — bread \
— I have taken great pains to ascertain what I could !»
safely use in my own home, and recommend to the i*
many mothers with whom I constantly come in con- <t
tact in our work among the children. I regard the J
Royal Baking. Powder as a boon to the household <*
and a benediction to the race. £
Very sincerely yours, £
| Have we not now in our present Board of
I Supervisors almost exactly the- very conditions
which you advocate to right the wrongs which
we now suff.'i? But|grantingthnt committees
can and would govern our City better than
our present board or a Mayor with certain
powers, provided— and you cer.ainlv assume
such a condition— that the right men could
be elected and would consent to servo, what
progDect have we that such would be the case
under your plan?
For my part 1 prefer to draw my lessons from
experience at home rather thnn irom Euro
pean cities where conditions are entirely dif
lerent, and here we certainly learn that it has
been almost next to impossible to have ma
jorities in our respective Boards of Supervisors
which had the interest of the City at heart
and were competent properly to take charge
of its ati'iiirs.
On the other hand, we have scarcely ever
j failed to elect Mayors whom we could safely
i trust with the responsibility lor our entire
i City government.
1 tuerefore should advocate to make our
i Board of Supervisors or Council an entirely
i legislative body, without patrom ge ana the
| privilege to disburse money at all.
This would so reduce the possibility of boo
-1 die that in place of being an office of suspicion
j it would become one of trust and honor, and
j we could then hope at least to induce our best
; people to accept these positions.
The executive I would trust to such officers
! as may be required, placing the Mayor at the
i head of them, with sufficient powers to super
vise and to enforce proper discharge of the
duties which each officer under him would be
bound to perform.
That is the way business is always con
j ducted — not, as you seem to assume, by a
board or committees who have mostly legisln
tive and advisory functions. The real work, is
never performed by the board ot directors, but
always by the executive officers, as you will
! find it you will insDect the workings of rail
j road, insurance, manufacturing or commer-
c ial companies, and I am firmly convinced
that only when we follow most closely the sys
i tern of conducting business by private con
i cerns will the business of our municipal or
' ganization be properly managed. Re^pect
i fully yours, F. W. Dorhmans.
THAT EVERGREEN PLAY.
|" The Old Homestead" at the
Baldwin Proves Popular
as of Yore.
The Columbia "Disappoints" for the
First Time — Comedy and Fun
at the Alcaz r.
Denman Thompson's and George W.
Ryer's perennial play, "The Old Home
stead," was greeted at the Baldwin last
night by a large audience, which laughed
at the jokes as heartily and sympathized
with the pathetic scenes as feelingly as if
the people had not known beforehand
exactly what was cominir.
The fact is that "The Old Homestead"
is growing into something of a rural
classic, and although it has long outlived
its novelty it continues to be accepted on
account of its touches of human nature.
These touches are considerably helped on
by the opportunities for the introduction
of specialties and the characteristic staging
which the play allows.
The company at the Baldwin is about
the best all-round troupe which has pre
sented "The Old Homestead" here. John
BarKer, who plays very much on Denman
Thompson's lines, is an excellent Joshua
"Whitcomb. There is a well-denned touch
of pathos in nis work and he does not ex
aggerate his whimsicalities, though he
contrives to m ke them marked enough
to keep the audience in a ripple of laugh
ter during a large portion of tne time that
he is on the stage.
Frank Knapp plays the role of the
tramp naturally and effectively, Lizzie W.
Hall is a good Aunt Matilda and the roles
of her elderly swains, Cy Prime and Seth
Perkins, are well played by Fred Clarke
and £. 11. Stephens. Ihe rest of the cast
is satisfactory.
The specialties are all good; "The Old
Homestead" double quartet is repeatedly
encored. "The Palms" in the scene out
side Grace Church is sung with good
effect and the Salvation Army band is
larger than usual and makes more noise.
As lor tbe scenery it shows the signs of
wear and tear and is of the approved "Old
Homestead" pattern.
Alcazar Theater.
Two entirely diverse btlli of fare were served
up at the Alcazar Theater last night; the cur
tain-raiser, "Dream Faces," is of the serious
or romantic type, and "A Serious Tangle," a
farcical comedy in three acts by Sydney
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JANUARY 5, 1897.
Grundy, abounds from beginning to end with
ridiculous and laughable complications.
In the curtain-raiser Francis lowers played
the role of a dissipated spendthrift, who, after
leaving his daughter to the care of chance
charity from her infancy, suddenly wakes up
to the fact that he loves her when it is too
late for him to be anything but a burden and
a disgrace to the girl.
Francis Powers gave a rendering of the
spendthrift's role that was excellent, both as
regards acting and makeup. Miss May Buck
ley was artless and graceful as the daughter
and Mrs. F. M. Bates played the part of the
aunt carefully and conscientiously.
The complications in "A Serious Tangle" are
so njazy that they have to be seen to be ap
preciated.
They kept the audience in a chronic state of
laughter at the Alcazar last night. If "A Seri
ous Tangle" has a «nornl it is that young hus
bands should think twice before going to the
theater without their wives, and if they do
commit that folly tney had better confess to it
immediately, lest worse befall them. Hugo
Toland played the part of the husband who
went to thy th?ater secretly and who got into
a series of ridiculous complications Irom try
ing to hide the fact.
Beatrice Lieb was good as the wife and May
Buckley added largely to the spirit of the per
formance by her guileless impersonation of a
mercenary maid. George Osbourne was excel
lent as Uncle John aim Maud Hines played an
ingenue part prettily.
The Grand Opera-Houne.
"In the Name of the Czar," presented at the
Grand Opera-house last night to a good house,
is aptay that has many striking scenes in it,
some very good tableaux and a plot that is not
difficult to comprehend. There are many im
possible situations in it, still they all go to
make up a sensational play and give the play
ers an opportunity to show their ability in in
terpreting the author's ideas, and several of
the company in this particular acquitted
themselves in a very creditable manner.
Norman Darrell, governing a fortress in
Hussia, is enamored of the wife of a man he
nas caused to be imprisoned, but being un
nble to win her seeks to use his power to get
her sou out of the way if she will not consent
to be his wife, and in the course of this en
deavor the governor is frequently thwarted :
by a young American who was a college mate j
at Yale of the threatened son. The daughter
of the governor is in love with this son, who !
is her cousin, and the two help to frustrate
her lather's plan.
Leslie Morosco, who plays the part of the
American hero, gave evidence of a high de
gree of talent, astonishing his many friends.
Victory Bateman had a good acting part in
the character of the governor's daughter, and
she nctcd it well, wnile there were several
others in the cast who had good roles. Young
Bert Morrison, who recently made his debut,
gave turther proof of his aptitude for the i
stage.
At the Orptietiin.
The grand opera ballet and the aerial ballet
still form the chief attractions at the Or
pbeum, although several good acts have been
added to the vaudeville bill this week. Diver
sity has been given to the grand ODera ballet
by the introduction of a dance by twelve
secund as dressed in Spanish costume, who,
according to the programme, trip the light
fantastic toe In the style popular in Cuba.
Their dresses are very gorgeous, and the dince
they execute is pretty and effective. The Dun
bar sisters nave finished their engagement,
and the bnllet is without premieres except for
a small child who dances gracefully.
Among the new vaudeville acts Charles
Wayne and the two Bostons made decided hits
last night. The lormer is a monologue artist
with eccentric dances who is gifted with a
happy knack ot saying his jokes in a free and
easy style which makes '.hem appear to be
dashed off on the spur of the moment. The
two Bostou>, whose Kpeeoh loudly proclaims
them as coming from the banks of the Thames,
are grotesque comiques, one of whom pretends
to perform feats of strength and cunning,
while the other makes it his business to betray
his partner to the audience. For instance,
the short ff t Boston pielends to lift a mighty
weight with his teeth and the long thin Bos
ton brings in a little white cat, which claws up
the weight with ease and is carried away,
weight and all, by its taii. Tne most amusing
pan ot the Bostons' act Is the Mexican bull
fight, with a dog made up to look like a savage
bun.
Frederick Hallen and Mollie Fuller's act
embraced some fairly amusing dialogue, and
Hallen dancfd gracefully. Miss Fuller's soug
mipht with advautage to their turn be
omitted, as neither the song itself nor Mi<§
Fuller's method of executing it had anything
to recommend it.
Miss Anna Caldwell appeared insome catchy
songs.
The clever Phoite's pantomime company are
in the last week of their engagement, and the
rest of the bill embraces tome of the strongest
of last week's acts.
TivoU Opera-Houg©.
"Jack and the Beanstalk" is still proving a
big draw at the Tivoll. The cast, which made
such a success in the piece, remains un
changed, and the ballets nnd the transforma
tion scenes are work.ng very smoothly.
The Hur.io-Tamer.
Oscar R. Gleason's horse-taming exhibitions
are proving very popular at the Circus Royal,
corner of Eddy and Mason streets, every even
ing, ladies and children forming qnlte a part
of the audiences. Horse-owners have been
bringing unruly animals from all over the I
State to have them quieted and driven by j
Gleason, and some of the orutes have proven j
tough subjects.
This evening he will have a lot from Oak
land, Including come thoroughbred runaways,
thrte very vicious and wicked kickers and
"Ugly Mary," whose pet title is "queen of the
kickers." Gleason will also quiet and ride a
wild horse. This will be his last week in San
Francisco.
At the Chutes.
A number of extensive improvements are
under way at the Chutes and will not be com
pleted until about the first of February. Until
that time the Haight-street grounds will be
In full running order only on Saturdays and
Sundays. The roller-skating rink, however,
will be open every afternoon and evening,
rain or shine.
For the first time since their opening two
years ago the management of the Columbia
Theater was obliged to disappoint their audi
ence last night, owing to the illness of Joseph
Murphy, who was confined to his rooms at the
Occidental Hotel with a severe attack of the
grip contracted last week during his trip in
the Northwest. The physicians who are at
tending iiim deemed it best not to permit him
to appear la*t night, ami found him so much
improved that they assured him that he
could appear this evenfng.
AN EVENING HIGH SCHOOL.
Opportunity for Young Men and Young
Women to Develop Their Talents.
There are many young men and many
young women in this City who have com
pleted the course of instruction offered in
the grammar schools of this State, and
who are desirous of puisuing high-school
work; but they are prevented from doing
so because they are obliged to work dur
inir the daytime.
In order to supply such persons with
the opportunity of pursuing advanced
work in high-school branches, the Board
of Education of this City has established
two classes at the Business Evening
School, corner of Bush and Stockton
streets. A two years' course of study has
been prepared, and instruction is offered
in history, Latin, algebra, English, geome
try and government. The instruction in
all branches is free.
Carnival Preparation*.
The executive committee of the Carnival of
the Golden Gate will this week resume its can
vass for funds for the grand carnival, com
mencing April 19 of this yenr. The committee
starts out with the assurance of some $13,000,
heretofore placed, and has the assurance of
many business men that the remainder of the
$50,000 needed will be forthcoming. The
committees who will call upon the business
men of the City are as follows: Hotels mid
Front-street mere nan ts— General R. H. War
field. A. C. Boldemann; Market-street mer
chants—S. H. Fried. ander, F. A. Hater; Mont
gomery, Srinsome and Battery streets— David
Rich, J. L. Kosenthal; Market street from
Powell west and cross-streets— Frank W. Mars
ton, James 11. Follis; new City Hall— Colonel
John O'Byrne. Alfred W. Morganstein, Henry
I Fisher; Kearny street and Grant avenue-
William T. Hess, R. H. Kavanagh ; attorneys-
Frank 11. Kerrigan, Colonel 11. P. Bush; banks
—General Wartield, GenerHl S. W. Backus, L.
R. Elltsrt; restaurants— A. \V. Wilson, Charles
Montgomery. R. K. Miller, secretary of the
Owl Drug Company, h« come to the front
with an offer to be the first of 200 merchants
who will subscribe $250 each to raise the ne
cessary $50,000. In the event of none being
wiling to give trie first-named amount he
acres* to start a second list of which 500 sub
scribers will give $100 each.
A Ship's Cook Robbed.
. Thomas '' Fagan, 'a\ ship's cook living, at
Thirty-fourth and. MlßSioastreeiß,.was robbed
of $55 in a saloon on Eighth street Saturday
night. Tne police have a description of the
rouber and his arrest may occur at any mo
ment. ' - . . ■',-■> ■:.••■ ' •
•--.::-':,- .- ■■■ • — * — • — % i/.~.:.Y :'-:
■■■ Diamonds, and' Jewelry at 'reduced*
prices. ■ Vacate Jan. 7tb. & and 7 Third street. ' ,
\
NATIVE SONG
EAT A BROTHER
Sequoia Parlor Banquets
Off the Symbol of
Its Order.
How a Cinnamon Bear Cub
Furnished a Meal to the
Fraternity.
Presentation of a B?autifuly En
graved Badge to a Retiring
Presiient.
Cannibalism broke out last evening in
Sequoia Parlor No. 160. N. B. G. W., and
the members banqueted off the remains
of a roasted brother. In life the deceased
native son was only a hall-grown cinna
mon bear, but, being a symbol of the order,
that fratricidal feast app?ars startlingly
unfraternal. Possibly, like the eternal,
mystical boar of Valhalla, upon which
the heroes feed, they expect that their
bear will become whole again and live un
devoured, inexhaustible, everlasting. In
Past President Pape's Beautiful
Badge, the Gift of Sequoia
Parlor, N. S. G. "W.
that CBse the braves of Sequoia sat down
to their fraternal, symbolical and indisso
luble roast with no unreceipted butcher
bill as a specter at tbe feast.
Manager R. W. Martland of the Native
Sons' Hall on Mason street, where the ban
quet took place, makes this plea of justifi
cation:
"It was just a case of bear eat parlor or
parlor eat bear. Ever since that brother
was initiated last summer be has been
dying to chew up some of his fellow
members. Even the night we put him
through the lirst degree he clawed off the
marshal's trousers and thai officer had to
20 through the ceremony with the par
lor's banner wrapped around his manly
form. We had that warlike cub chained
head and foot, and even then we had to
call in Henry Martin to sit on him and
hold him down while we buckled a regalia
made out ol wire-netting on him.
"That was a lively initiation. While
the president was administering the obli
gation to the new native son he stood on
top of his desk with a piece of gaspipe in
his hand to fight off the candidate should
he get away with Martin. We didn't try
any more decrees, for that cub was too
active and enthusiastic. We made him a
sort of honorary member and let it go at
that."
The bear was brought down from Sltka
by the Alaska Commercial Company. It
was presented by Mr. Gerstle of the com
pany to Secretary Henry Lunsted of the
Grand Parlor, N. S. G. W., to b<* used In
the ceremonies of the order. When Mr.
Lunsted heard that his pet had maimed
two roustabouts on the steamer during
the passage to this port he tried to get
out an accident policy on his life, but the
insurance agent had heard of the bear and
raised the rate.
Robert W. Martland, the next owner of
the brute, had to chloroform him before
he could get a collar around his neck.
He worried with the bear for several
months, and finally persuaded Sequoia
Parlor to accept him as a gift.
The bear was partially initiated into the
mysteries of the order and couched for
the Admission da\- parade at Stockton.
A committee on bear education, composed
of S. A. White, James Jamison, R. D.
Barton, Charles Terres and James O'Neill,
was picked out to put him throueh the
ritual. He took to the instruction with
more or less enthusiasm and to the in
structors with teeth and toenail. So
active did he become in the pursuit of this
branch of knowledge that the country
parlors heard of him and threatened to
come down to Stockton with their bear
dogs and Winchesters. The grand presi
dent sent a protest to Sequoia parlor, and
the railroad company refused the four
footed native son transportation, except
at explosive rates. This settled the ques
tion, and he wai left at home.
What to do with their brother has been
botherine the parlor for months. Every
day he grew larger and less inclined to
look upon the members of the order with
that fraternal regard so necessary to a
perfect brotherhood. He evinced such a
desire to use his jaws on them at every
opportunity that they conclude! to turn
the tables and eat him. Consequently a
few days ago he calmly expired with a
rifle-ball in bis brain, and l«st night his
fat juicy carcass graced the banquet board
of his brethren. It was the occasion of
the installation of the following new
officers of Sequoia Parlor: S. A. White,
president; C. £. Talo, first vice-president;
L. C. Pistolesi, second vice-president;
James O'Neill, third vice-president; R. D.
Barton, record inp secretary; C. E. Torres,
financial secretary; L. M. Barman, treas
urer; John Glavmovich, marshal.
After the officers were installed A. H.
Pape, the past president, was called to the
front and was gracefully presented with a
beautiful nnd costly badge by L. C. Fisto
lesi in a pathetic speech. The badge is in
the form of an eneraved disk .suspended
from a crescent by two chains. To a third
chain hangs a six-cornered srar, in the cen
ter of which is set a large Kohinoor dia
mond. A ranpant golden bear surmounts
!he whole. The words, "President A. H.
Page. 1896," appear on the disk, me en
graved disk, crescent and star are of the
finest tanned bullhide and the ."acef'il
pendant chains are of bright steeJ.ine
Koliinoor was clipDed from the handle of
a beer schooner and the rampant golden
bear is brass.
Mr. Pape was at first overcome with a
flood of tender feeling, but recovered suf
ficiently under the ministrations of the
surgeon to thank the donors, and stated
that when he looked upon the beautiful
gift he would be reminded of the villains
lie had presided over for a whole year.
After the banquet the room was cleared
and Thomas Sharkey, who was the guest
of Sequoia Parlor, took the floor and an
nounced that Spider Kelly and William
Savage of Australia would have a four
round friendly se(-to.
The two men went to work, but it was
soon apparent that Keliy was too lively
for the Australian. He skipped around
the ring and nut his gloves all over his op
ponent's head and body.
•'Don't you loul him, Kelly," said
Referee Sharkey, "or I'll give the tight to
the other fellow."
This brought out a perfect storm of
cheers, showing that the Native Sons ap
preciated the joke.
The next bout wis between T omas
Cooney of Boston and Kid O'Brien of Los
Angeles.
"No fouling now," sang out Secretary
Lunstedt, "for Sharkey won't stand it.
He's dead on fouls."
With this warning the boxers went to
work. There was no play about the busi
ness and the blows fell fast and strong.
O'Brien, who was much the i eavier
man, was soon short of wind, and the
Bostonian did clever work on his head.
Two rounds were quickly fought, and
Shnrkeylet the third run fully five min
utes, giving the audience plenty of enter
tainment.
There was not much ctincbintr, but good
honest fighting and lively movements.
Sharkey gave the bout to Cooney, who was
the better man at the end.
LEFT SMALL EVIDENCE.
A Hat aod Coat Labeled W. G.
Stuart Found on the
Ferry.
He Was Employed by Wells, Fargo
& Co, and My H. va Had
Business Difficulties
A brown overcoat and a black derby hat
were found by captain Murphy of the
ferry steamer Bay City, lying on a seat
near the boat's wheelliouse, at 8 o'clock
last evening. The hat had pinned to it a
note containing tlie name of VV. G. Stuart
and the oft-quot:d phrase, "May God
have mercy on my soul."
The find was turned over to the police
on this side of the bay, as they are of the
opinion that another unfortunate has
committed suicide.
The boat on which the suicide took i
passage, if, indeed, a suicide has taken
place, ieft the foot of Market street at 7:30
r. m. It arrived at the Oakland mole on
time.
Captain Murphy left the piiot-bouse
and was on his way to the lower deck |
when he found tbe abandoned apparel and !
the note. He immediately concluded that !
the owner of the property had taken hiß
life, and on his return to this City in
formed the police.
Nothing was found in the overcoat by i
which its owner could be identified. The j
pockets contained a bunch of keys, a
pair of lady's kid gloves, a linen handier
chief, a wooden package-holder and an
English thumb dictionary. Across the
front of the dictionary was written the j
name Merrifield.
The Oakland police were informed and
are working in co-operation with tbe San
Francisco department and hope to clear
up the mystery In a short tune.
OAKLAND, Cal., Jan. 4.— The W. G.
Stuart who resides at 460 East Twelfth
street had not returned home at mid
night, and his family were anxiously
waiting lor him. They Knew of no reason
.'or his absence, for he is as punctual as a
clock, and was never known to remain
away from home before.
"I have 'heard of the things found on
the ferry-boat," said Mrs. Stuart to-night,
"but I cannot believe that they belone to
my husband. lamat a total loss to ac
count for his absence from home to-night,
as it is the first time in our mairied life
that such a thing ha 3 occurred.
I think it impossible that he
can have done anything so desperate
as suggested by those things found on the
boat. He wore a black ue.rby hat and a
brown overcoat when he left home this
morning, but to neither of them was bis
name attached. He never carried a band
in his hat with his name on. There has
never been any trouble of any kind and
he was never despondent. He was
a most devoted man to his family
and never spent his evenings away from
home. He has been chief clerk of the au
diting department of Weils, Fargo & Co.
for several years and we have lived here
five years. During all that time he has
come home regularly till to-night. How
ever, I cannot believe he has committed
suicide; it woula be so unlike him to ever
think of such a step.
"This morning he sent me a postal or
der from the city, and with it a letter con
taining many terms of endearment. In it
he expressed a fear that something might
happen before long, and said he was not
able to meet a arnall bill. I have not the
letter Here, but in spite of its contents I
expected him home to-night."
Mrs. Stuart was greatly excited while
telling her story, and although she ex
pressed so much confidence in her hus
band's return it was very plain to see that '
her hopes did not justify her words. She
gave indications during her conversation
of knowing much more than she was will
ing to tell, but she admitted indirectly
that her husband seemed to anticipate
some trouble.
It was learned positively that the letter
referred to contained a direct intimation
that the writer intended to end his life by
jumping off t he 8 o'clock ferry-boat.
Mr. Stuart is 40 years of age, and has a
family of two boys and two girls. He
was married sixteen years ago, and prior
to coming to Oakland he lived in San
Francisco. He carried a life insurance of
$2000.
W. H. Brlttan's Murder Trial Begun.
VV. H. Brittan, charged with the murder of
Philip A. Reilley, began in Judge Wallace's
court yesterday. The lollowing-nnmea citi
zens were accepted us jurors: <j. B. Pexklns,
G. Bettman, John Bennett, C. J. t'he:iey, J. C.
Cuuen, Thomas A. Mctormick, John hoeyand
H. M. Marsh. The panel being exhausted, it
was orderedMhat a venire issue tor thirty addi
tional talesmen, returnable at 10 o'clock this
morning, for the purpose of securing tho four
jurors required to fill the box.
"Sot the Dairymen* Union's Bill.
The bill regarding the regulation of tuber
culosis in cattle, for the purification of the
milk supply, as presented in yesterday's issue,
is not fathered by the Dairymen's Union
which is willing to consider all measures to
the end desired. The bill, it appear* was
drawn up by Senator Dickinson and repre
sents the views ot a large number of practical
dairymen.
A fall-grown eagle can consume two
young lambs at a meal.
THE PRICE OF
LOVE WHS DEATH
Barbara Groom Kills Her
self for Joseph V.
Pidgeon.
A Frightful Death Follows a
Large Dose of Carbolic
Acid.
Her Farewell Letter to the Destroyer
of Her Happiness Was Indeed
Pit. fill.
Barbara Groom, a young country girl
from Coiusa, committed suicide at 402
Geary street, early yesterday, because she
was unable to secure the love of the man
of her choice, and because she was heartily
sick of the low life she was leading.
Whether the awful pangs of carbolic
poisoning or those of unrequited love
were the more poienant can to some ex
tent be judged by several letters left by
the girl.
From all account* she came of poor out
respectable people, who keep a hotel in
Coiusa. Within the past few months she
met an electric worker named J. V.
Pidgeon. who is employed by T. F. Holtz
of 546 Mission street. About Christmas
time Miss Groom left the old people in
the little country town and came to the
City to bask in vie smiles of the man for
whom she died. She tooK a room at 402
Geary street and the people there knew
but little of her life or aspociates.
Her letters, written just before her
death, showed that she had gone the
way of many a poor deluded girl who
Joyed not wisely but too well for her own
purity or peace of mind. In these letters
she writes of freqaeiiting the saloons and
of playing fast and loose with strange
acquaintance*. Reading along the lines
and between the lines shows that for all
of this degradation her whole soul was
wrapped up in the man for whom she
died.
The first intimation that there was any
thine wrong at the lodging-house was the
discovery that the deluded girl was dying
from the effects of carbolic acid. Dr. Dud
ley was called, but he could not do any
thinp. A little later the body was in the
Morgue and the Coroner was in possession
of the letters, pi.iful acknowledgments of
a ruined life and shame too revolting for
description. They were written upon
cheap paper, and in one corner a gaudily
painted rose appeared, emblematic of the
tender passion. A strange condition the
girl's mind must have been in, for only
once did she think o| a hereafter, and that
not darkly, for she wrote:
My own darling, when we meet on the beau
tifui shore we shall join hands and think of
the day we met; of tne iiappy time we had to
gether, as lovers do. But first I i^aa taken
away and then you came.
The principal document— her pitiful
letter to Pidgeon — was, in part, as fol
lows:
Fan Francisco, Jan. 4. 1896.
My Own Pet: I snail sc.nl this letter to you
by the messenger-boy. Keep it, pet, for this
is the last one I'll ever write to you. 11l be
mre you get it now. I will toke carbolic acid
and ena my troubles. • • • This world
has beeu a perfect torment to me, no differ
ence how I try to avoid it. You know I «m
crazy about you, Hill I don't blame you for
not marrying me. Don't ever marry any one
fteainst your wishes, p**t, lor you never can
love tnem. • • ' Enjoy yourself, pet; that
is my only wish. Keep away from my irieixl
Daisy, for I don't like you to have anything to
do with her. Oniy Epeak to her and treat her
as a friend. * • • I have friends, but
friends are not lovers, and one is worth more
and dearer to me than my life. • * • Pet,
if I had lived and ever caught you talking in
any way lovingly to another girl I would
have killed you »nd she, too. • * •
Pet, I would have you go with ;me, but I
khow you can't. But now you teli me you
intend to go to Mexico with those machines.
I wish you will have good luck with them
and don't be foolish, my own darling, and
don't give up your job and trip for me; but
say there is only one girl gone to to make
room for another one.
* * * lam just after getting carbolic acid,
it will be a fearful tieuth, 1 know, but that's
nothing, pet. The reason I took this was bi I
c&uxe you never loved me. so I had no desire
to live. So good-by, pet: be a good boy. I
hope when you see me I'll be dead; so this
is nil for you, for this time and ever. Remem
ber me forever and thiuk what ft foolish girl I
was to do this.
We are parted for ever and ever. I wish
you goou luck. I will remember you and die
thinking of my darling Joe. I have written
this letter Sunday, and this evening I have $7
and I'll blow it all in. I got 50 cents' worth of
carbolic acid, bo I guess that will burn the
insidea out oi me.
The little country girl'i letter was signed
"as ever, your own broken-hearted and
true. — 'B. Attached was a note to the
Coroner telling that official that she had
died by I er own hand.
The misguided girl has a brother who
keeps a lodging-house on Stockton street,
but he did not know anything about his
sisier's whereabouts recently, or why sh9
left her home. He is not acquainted with
Pidgeon.
It seems that several charitable people
heard of Miss Groom's life recently, and
made an effort to save her and send her
to the Salvationist Rescue Home, but she
refused all help and clung to the man for
whom she sacrificed her life.
TOOK HIS OATH IN BED.
School Director Halstead Dan
gerously Sick With
Typhoid Fever.
To Save His Oifice Justice of the
Peace Grorzinger Calls
on Him
Whether he survive his present danger
ous illness or not, School Director-elect
James L. Halstead is a member of the
Board of Education.
At a recent meeting of the board when
it was announced that Director Halstead
would not be present, on account of ill
ness, to be installed with the rest of the
members. Superintendent of Schools Bab
cock stated that if he did not take his
oath of office on time he (the Superintend
ent) would appoint his successor accord
ing to law.
Though Mr. Halstead was in a condi
tion where his physicians could not tell
whether hi* illness would result fatally or
not, it was decuied not to risk the chances
of his being disqualified in case he re
turned to health.
Presiding Justice of the Peao Groez
mger a friend of the family, was called
on and agreed to administer the oath of
office.
After precaring the necessary papers he
repaired to Mr. Halstead's norae,: 1404
* ulton street, yesterday morning, ji ana
there, at the bedside of the sick man. in
the presence of his family, administered
the oath that makes - Mr. •- : Halsteatt ■■ a
director in case he is able to take his seat
within the time the law requires. v
Ine disabled School Director has been
suffering from: typhoid fever for some
time past, and in spite of the efforts of the
£J fI™YIt?JSF danoa ha 3 uot rallied ; from
JVEW 10-DAT '/.
STATEMENT
OF THE......
CONDITION AND VALUE
......OF THE...... , '
ASSETS MD LIABILITIES
OF
THEHIBERNIA
Savings and Loan Society,
A CORPORATION.
Anfl where saifl. Assets ara Situ-
ateUalefl Becemlser 31,1898.
ASSETS.
— Promissory Notes and the
debis thereby secured, the
actual value of which is $26,100,549 14
The condition of said Prom-
issory Notes and debts is as
follows: They are all existing
Contracts, owned by said Cor-
poration, and are payable to it
at its Office. wMich is situated
at the corner of Market, McAl-
lister and Jones streets, in the
City and County of San Fran-.
Cisco, State of California, and
the payment thereof is secured
by First Mortgages on Real
Estate within this State. Said
Promissory Notes are kept and
held by said Corporation at its
said OtHce, which is its princi-
pal place of business, and said
Notes and debts are there situ-
ated.
2 — Promissory Notes and the
debts thereby secured, the
actual value of which is 389,000 01
The condition of said Prom-
issory Notes and debts is as
follows: They are all existing
Contracts, owned by said Cor-
poration, and are payable to it
at its Office, which is situated
as aforesaid, and the payment
thereof is secured by "Market
Street Railway Company First
Consolidated Mortgage 5 per
cent Gold Bonds," "Northern
Railway Company of Califor-
nia 6 per cent Bonds," "Spring
Valley Water "Works First
Mortgage 6 per cent Bonds,"
"The Poweil Street Railway
ConiDanv 6 percent Bonds,"
and "Park and Cliff House
Railway Company 6 per cent
Bonds/ the market value of
all said Bonds being $482,740 00.
Said Notes are kept and held
by said Corporation at its said
Office, and said Notes and
Bonds are there situated.
3 — Bonds of the United States
($4,175,000 00) and of the Dis-
trict of Columbia ($509,000 00),
the actual value of which is. . 4,696,355 84
The condition of said Bonds
is as follows: They belong to
said Corporation, and are kept
and held by it in its own
Vaults, and are there situated.
They are "Registered 4 per
cent United States Bonds" and
"District of Columbia 3\4 per
cent Bonds"— guaranteed by
the United States Government
—and are payable only to the
order of said Corporation.
4 — Miscellaneous Bonds, the
I actual value of which is 1,890.865 6f
Tlie condition of eaid Honda
is as follow?: They belong to
said Corporation, and are kept
j and held by it in it? own
! Vaults, and are there situated.
They are "Market Street Cable
Railway Company 6 per cent
Bonds '*' ($985,000 00), "Spring
Valley Water Works 4 percent
Bonds" ($165,000 00), "Sutter-
street Railway Company 5 per
cent Bonds'" ($205,000 00),
"City of San Jose 5 percent •
Bonds " ($33,700 00), "City of
San Luis Obispo 5 per cent
Bonds" ($33,750 45), and "The
Omnibus Cable Company 6 per
cent Bonds " ($23,000).
s— lnterest on Miscellaneous
Bonds, accrued to January 1,
1897..... 87,91613
6— (a) Real Estate situated in
the City and County of San
Francisco, in said State, the
actual value of which is. 266,098 75
{b) The land and building in
which said Corporation keeps
its said Office, the actual value
of which is 561.125C6
The condition of said Real
Estate is that it belongs to
said Corporation, and part of
it is productive. . ■
7— Proportion of Tax*s for the
Fiscal Year 1896-97 chargeable
to next half-year ;.. 32 54719
8-7-Cash in United States Gold '
and Silver Coin, belonging to
said Corporation, and in its
possession, and situated at its
Baid Office. Actual Value. . 3,093,342 95
Total Assets $37,207,501 74
LIABILITIES. ~~—
I—Said1 — Said Corporation owes De-
posits amounting to and the
actual value of which is $34,524,952 16
The condition of said De-
posits is that they are paynble
only out of said Assets and are
fully secured thereby.
2— Premiu m on Bonds, Actual
Value. 750 45
3— Reserve Fund, Actual Value. 2,682099 13
Total * Liabilities $37,207,801 74
The Hibernia Savings and Loan Society,
By JAMES R. KELLY; President.
The Hibernia Savings and Loan Society.
By ROBERT J. TOBIN, Secretary."
State of California, )
City and. County of San Francisco. \ ss-
JAMES R. KELLY and ROBERT J.
TOBIN. beinj? each separately duly sworn,
each for. himself, says: That said JAMES
R. KELLY is President, and that said
ROBERT J. TOBIN is Secretary, of The
Hibernia Savings and Loan Society, the
Corporation above mentioned, 1 and that
the foregoing statement is true.
JAMES R. KELLY, President.
ROBERT J. TOBIN, Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this
4th day of January, 1897.
GEO. T. KNOX. Notary Public.
In and for the City and County of San
Francisco. State of California.
FINE CARPETINGS,
elegant upholstery,
rich furniture:
NOW ON EXHIBITION!
A Complete Line of Fancy Fur-
niture for Christmas Pres-
ents and New Year's Gifts.
Agents for John Crossley & Son's English
Carpeting).
CHAS. M. PLUM & CO.,
UPHOLSTERY COMPANY,
: 1301 TO 1307 MARKET STREET,
COB.VEX yiXTH. '. . ' .
& -patents! J